HOW WE KEPT THE FEAST OF BIT
TEP. HERBS.
You may be sure that Richard Jenni
fer's bitter reproaches came home to me
In sharpest fashion, the more since now
I saw how we had lost our chance by
jrcsJectlncr the commonest precautions,
paving determined to attack, the merest
novice of a general would have moved
his forces to the nearest point, would
have had his scouts search out the torii
beforehand, and. above all. would never
have delayed the blow beyond the earliest
moment of the enemy's unwatchfulness.
And yet s>o worn and spent were we
tl:2t th<? hour of sleep and rest o'A Eph
counseled before we should agrain resume
the pursuit was irresistible, though
v.cary ar.d fretful it would have been had
not the old rcout slipped off into the
darkness and returned presently with a
bas of Indian com. which he had provi
dentially found at th« deserted camp and
which tie ir; ravenous fashion baked and
ate In g~j]p>s e'er we lost consciousness
in clumber.
Looking back upon the hazards and
chance-takings cf our adventure in the
viiderress. I recall no more promising
risk than that we ran by sleeping unscn
lried within riSe shot, for aught we
knew, of the carcp of the eneray.
CHAPTER XXIV.
THIS is the Fourth Installment
of "The Kaster of Appleby."
T71i£t do you think now of ths
mystery cf whom Madge Stair
loves— Hichard Jennifer, John Iretcn
cr Sir Frank Falconnet?
a a v THANK you for U» warning.
• • I Captain Falconnet," sh« snid.
j facing him bravely to the last.
X "When the tlnr.e comes,
the dear God will give me leave
to die as niy mother's daughter should."
"Bah:" eaid he: and with that he
whistled for his troopers; and while we
looked, my dear lady and her tire
?ivomari were helped upon their horses,
and at the leader's word of command the
escort fcrraed upon the captives as a
center. A moment later the little gladn.
with the smoldering embers of the
lodge Cre to prick out Its limits in dusky
red, was rmpty. and on the midnight
stillness of the forest the minlshing
hoofbeats of th* hcrsss came fair.tpr and
falrter till the distance swallowed them.
Then it was that my poor lad. famine
mad and frenzied, rose up to curse me
bitterly.
'Now may all the devils in hell drag
you down to everlasting torments. John
Ireton, for your cold-hearted caution that
made us lose when we had good hope
to win!" he crlei "One little hour I
begged for.' and that hour had fought
her battle and eet her free. But now — "
He broke off in the tntrtst. choking
with what miserable despair I knew, and
shared as well; and throwing himself
down In the wot grass, he would eke out
the bitter words upon such ravings and
Robbings as bubble up in sheer aban
donment of rage end misery.
iiut touching, tills, 'tis only on the
mimic etare of the romances that the
rlsyers rise to the plane of superhuman
•acr-city and angel wit. never faltering
in their lines nor, betraying by slip or
tongue-trip their kinship with common
humankind. Being mere mortals,, we
were not so endowed; we were but four
It was as grim a picture aa any limner
of the weird could wish ' to look upon.
The twilight shadows were empurpling
the mountains and gathering in dusky
pools here and there where the trees
stood thickest in the valley. The hush of
nature's mystic hour was abroad, and
even the swiftly flowing river, rushing
sullenly along its rocky bed no more than
a stone's cast beyond the Indian path,
seemed to intermit its low thundeiings.
There was never a breath of air astir in
all the wood, and the leaves of the silver
poplar that will twinkle and ripple In th*
lightest zephyr hung stark and motion
less.
Barring the old borderer, who had gono
upon his knees, we stood as we were;
the Catawba holding the pack horses and
Jennifer and I the three that bore the
ghastly burdens of mortality. The bodies
of the slain had been flung across th*
" 'Tls about ez I allowed— some o" the
Tuckaseges a-scobtlng down to hold s>
powwow with the hoss-ca^tain. Now.
then, if them sharp-nosed - ponies o*
thelr'n don't happen to sniff the blood—"
' The hooe was dashed on the instant by
the sudden snorting and shying. of two or
three of tho horses In passing. . and w«
laid bold of our weapons, keying our
selves to the fighting pitch. But, curi
ously enough, the riders made no move*
to pry Into the cause. So far from it. they
flogged the shying ponies Into line and
rode on stolidly: and thus in a little timo
that danger was overpast and the eventnc
silence of the mighty forest was ours to
keep or break as we chose.
The old frontiersman was the first to
¦peak.
"Well, friends. I reckon ez how we
mought ez well thank the good Lord for
all his marcles afore we go any furder."
he would say. and he doffed his cap and
did it forthwith. '^
So you are to conceive us waiting with
nerves upstrung. ready for fight or flight,
as the event should decide, stifling in
such pent-up suspense as any or all of ais
would " gladly have exchanged for the
fiercest battle. Happily, the breath-seant
scantfng interval was short. From be
hind our thicket screen we presently saw
a file of Indian horsemen riding at a
leisurely footrace down the path.
Ephraim Yeates quickly named these
newcomers for us.
Luckily for us the new danger was ap
proaching from the westward. So. by
dint of the maddest hurryings we got
the bodies of the three Cherokees hoist
upon the horee3. and were able to efface
In part the signs of the late encounter
before the band of. riders coming down
the Indian path was upon us. But there
was , no time to make an orderly retreat.
At most we could only withdraw a little
way into the wood, halting when we were
well in cover. and;hastlly stripping coats
and waistcoats to muffle the heads of the
horses. .
WE TAKE THE CHARRED STICK
jV>^ FOR A GUIDE.
CHAPTER XXVL
\,';Sort : It out for; yourself, Cap'n " Dick,"
he'- argued.' ."Whatsomedever •- wet- make
out to ' do— four on u * ag* lnst that ' there
Coming together again, we made haste
to compare \ notes...; There was little
enough to add to the common fund of in
formation, and the mystery of the lost
trail remained a mystery./ True.' we." the
¦ Indian. and' I. had found^o, ravine at the
extreme upper end of the valley through
which, we thought, a sure-footed horse
might bo led nt a pinch, up or down, but
this ravine had* not been-- used by ;the
powder Jrain. and apart from it there
was no practicable horse path leading
down from the plateau. . , _ ' :
As for the hunter and Richard, they
had made a discovery which might stand
for what It' /was worth. At its lower ex
tremity the sunken valley was separated
from, the: great gorge "without only; by.' a ;
ridge which was no more than a i huge
dam and this diking | ridge was evidently
tunneled by the stream, since the latter
had no visible outlet." "" '^ "• ' ''
. Inasmuch as, the most favorable point
of espial upon the camp below was the
cliff whence. we had. first looked -down,
into '. the v sink, . wo - harked ' back thither,
passing around the lower-end of the .val
ley and along the barrier. rldgeC. Plan we
had ¦ none as % yet, • f or . the - preliminary; to ,
any attempt at . a: rescue must be some
better knowledge of ; the way, into and out
of . Falconnefs cunningly;chosen".ttrong
hold. . True,-, we >- might ..win;. in> and : ouf
again '. by; the j ravine ' which the . chief ; and >'
I . had : explored at the* upper -end; "and 1
Pick i was : f or trying this , when thV night
should fgive' us i: the curtain ; of : darkness
f or a • shield.' ' But the ; old' hunter, would
hold this ' forlorn '¦ hope ; in " reserve* as " a
last resort. -^n^|£SBj00ilfe^tiB9H9pSS|8
Since we must examine closely every
rift and crevice in the boundary cliff, it
was a most tedious undertaking, and I do
remember how my great trooper ] boots,
sun : drylng on my feet, made 'every step
a; wincing agony. They say an army
goes upon Its belly, but an old campaign
er will tell you that you can march a sol
dier till- he be too thin to. cast a shadow
if enly he hath ease of hi3 footgear.
Taking it'all. in all. it proved a slow
business, this looping of the sunken val
ley an'd when we had worked around to
the eastern cliff and to a meeting point
with the old. hunter and Richard Jenni
fer, the sun was level in our. faces and
the dny was waning. " . -
So when we had breathed us a little
the circuiting was begun, Ephraim
Yeates and Jennifer going toward the
lower _end of the sink, and the Catawba
and I in the opposite direction.
"Ez I allow, that's Jest what the good
Lord fotched us here for — to. find out,"
was Yeates' rejoinder. "Do you and the
chief. Cap'n John, clrcumambylate this
here pitfall yon way, whilst Cap'n Dick
and I go t'other way 'round. By time
we've made the circut and j'ined com
pany again. I reckon we'll know for sar
tain whether, 'r no they climm* the
mounting', to '.get in."
.: "Now.; how in the. name of all the
fiends did they mike shift to burrow
from yonder bag-bottom into this?" he
would say.
'Twas .Richard Jennifer who first
broke the noontide silence of the moun
tain top, voicing the query which was
thrusting sharp at all of us.
GREAT BEAR.
HOW UNCANOOLA TRAPPED THE
CHAPTER XXV.
The hunter shook • his '• head and would
by no means ¦ admit the alternative. - "Ez
I allow, that wquld ax for a merrlcle, and
I reckon ez how when : the ¦• good : Lord
sends a chariot o'. fire after, sech a clan
jamfrey as this'n o' the hoss-captain's,
'.•Well. now. I'll be daddled If this
here ain't about the beatin'est: thing" I
ev^r' chugged . up ; eg' ins t," was
the old borflerer't oemment; when we had
flogged '. our . wits , to . small v purpose for
¦omo clew to the mystery. "What's your
mind about it, hey, ¦ chief T.' ,
: Uncanoola shook his ' ' head. "Heap
plenty slick. No go up-stream,, no "go
down, no acoss over, 1 no go back. Mebbe
go up like smoke— w'at?" :
As we made sure, we left no stone un
turned In the effort to solve the mystery.
No horse, ridden or led, could have lived
to cross the pouring torrent of the main
river or to wade up or down its bed, and
If the cavalcade had turned up the bar
rier stream Its progress must have ended
abruptly against the sheer wall of the
cliff at tho entrance of tho low-arched
cavern whence the tributary came into
being. But if Falconnet and his following
had ridden neither up nor down the bed
of the barrier stream. It seemed equally
certain that no horse of tho troop had
crossed It The Indian trace, which held
straight on up the gorge and presently
came out above into a high upland valley,
was unmarked by any hoof print, new or.
old. ¦-.- ¦'-¦:'
. On each hand the mountains rose pre
cipitous, the one on the left swelling un
broken to a bald and rounded summit,
forest covered save for its tonsured head
high in air, while that on the right was
Bteeper and lower, with a line of cliffs at
the top. As we fared on the valley nar
rowed to a mere chasm, with the river
thundering along the base of the ton
sured mountain and the Indian path
bugging the cliff on the right.
In the gloomiest depths of this defile we
came 1 upon the hunter's stumbling block.
A tributary stream, j Issuing from a low
cavern In the right-hand cliff, crossed the
Indian path and the chasm at, a bound
and' plunged noisily into the flood of the
larger river. On the hither side of thi3
barrier stream the trail of the powder
convoy led plainly down' Into • the water,
and, so far as one might see, that was
the end of It.
Here was a fresh complication and one
that called for instant action. We had
counted upon a battle royal in any at
tempt to rescue the women, but that'Fal
connet. Impeded as he was by the slow
movements of the powder cargo, could
slip away, was a contingency for which
we were wholly unprepared.
So, as you would guess, the hunter
breakfast was hurriedly dispatched, and
by the time the sun was shoulder high
over the 1 eastern hills we had broken
camp and crossed the river and were
pressing forward to the gorge of disap
pearance.
say. His first discovery w.is that the
ford we had found in the darkness served
as the river crossing of an ancient and
well-used Indian trace. Along this trace
from the eastward the powder train had
come, no longer ago than mid-afternoon
of yesteroay; and arguing from this that
the night camp of the band would be
but a short march to the westward
Yeates had pushed on to fee! out the en
emy's position.
For a mile or more beyond the ford he
had trdiled the convoy easily. The Indian
trace or path, well trampled by the nu
merous horses of the cavalcade, followed
the up-stream windings of the swift river
straight Into tho eye of the western
mountains. But in the eye Itself, a rocky
defile where the slopes on each hand be
came frowning battlements to narrow val
ley and stream, the one to a darkling
gorge, the other to a thundering torrent,
the trail was lost as completely as if the
powder convoy had vanished Into thin
air. » .
outwearled men, well spent in the long
chase, with never a leg among us fit to
pace a sentry beat nor a decent: wakeful
eye to keep it company. So, as I have
said, we took the risk. and slept;' would
have slept soundly.' I dare say, had the
risk been twice as great.
We were astir at the earliest graying
of the dawn. Richard and I. and were the
laggards of tho company at that,' since
the old hunter wi^s alreadyout and away
and the Indian /had kindled a fire and
was grinding more of the parched corn
for the morning m<?al. Ephralm Yeates
at that moment returned with.the,.hind
quarters of a fine yearling buck, fresh
kijled. across his shoulders.
Seeing the deer's meat, we would think
the old hunter's thrift of the dawn suffi
ciently accounted for; but when the cuts
were a-broil- we wenjTnade to know that"
the buqk was merely a lucky incident in
the early morning scouting.
Taking time by the forelock, the old
borderer had swept a circle of reconnais
sance around our haltinp place, "to get
the'p'ints of the compass," aa he would
' t We,were all agreed that' the cavern en
trance could -not' have been used by the
: Sivce it was now evident that pow
der convey was encamped In sonio hidden
gorge ; or ; valley , to • which I the ; cavern of
the . underground stream was one of the
approaches, .'twas* plain 'that we must
climb , to "1 some~ ; height '.' whence : we could
command a wider view. " ' :',
"Why. the varmint that tracked me
back J from here 'twixt dawn and day
break, to be sure. He waited till, we broke
camp and then took out up here ahead of
us to tell his^ chief 'twas e'na'raost time
to set the trap for three white simples and
a red one. . Friends, I'm a-telllng. ye- plain
that the sperrit's a-movlng me mighty
powerful , to; eit.. down ,on ; my ; ; hunkers
and—", '•< . , ....
VFor heaven's sake, don't do it here and
now!'/ gasped Dick. "Let's get out of
this spider's web while we may.': ..
. The old hunter postponed his prayerful
motion, ; most reluctantly, as -it would
seem, and led ' the' way J in ; a" silent with
drawal from the dangerous neighborhood
of the ambushment. When wo had pushed
on somewhat : higher up the gorge ¦ and
stood on. the confines of I he 'upland val
ley for t which • It served" as -the approach •
there was a halt for a council of war. r :
Here death lay in' wait for us In. the
mad plunsings of the main river, but we
made shift; to catch at the overhanging
branches of the willows In passing, to
draw ourselves out, to scramble up the
gorge and to gain a great boulder on the
mountainside whence' we could look
down upon the scene of our late surprisal.
By this wo saw, from the wings, as it
were, the setting of the stage for a trag
edy which miir'rtt have been ours.- 'One
by "one a score of heads with painted
faces floated silently out of the spewing
rock-mouth. One by one the glistening,
bronze-red : , bodies appertaining thereto
emerged from the water, each to take
its place in an ambuscade inclosing the
stream-crossing of the Indian path in .a
pocketlike line of crouching ftgurea. with
the mouth of tho pocket, open toward. the
lower valley.
Ephraim Yeates chuckled under - his
breath and smote softly upon his thigh.
."They tell ez how the good Lord has a
mighty tendir care for chillern and sim
ples," he -whispered. "Whenst we was.
a-comlng a-rampaglng up. the trace a
hour 'r two ago I saw tho moccasin track
o' that there spy,' and was too -dad-blame'
blgglty in my o wn consate to ax what -it
inoujrht mean."
"What EpyVV says Dick, matching the
hunter's low whisper. .' •
fierce basilisk eyes peering out of the
low-arched cavern whence the stream is
sued, an apparition looking for all the
world like a dismembered head floatins
on the surface of the outgushing flood.
'Twas the old borderer who took the in
itiative in the swift retreat, and we fol
lowed his lead like well-drilled soldiers.
A crook in the stream and the thickset
underwood screened us for' the moment
from the basilisk eyes, and In a twinkling
we had rolled one after another into tha
mimic ¦ torrent and were quickly swept
down' to 'its : mouth. .
tawba went Rat. upon the ground, making
most urgent signs for us to do likewise.
What he had seen we all saw a flitting
instant later— the painted face of a Chero
kee warrior as a setting: for a pair, of
at the moment of Its utterance the Ca-
ifll,b« mighty dadblame" apt to go down
'Btead' of up." A
Wawere standing on the brink of the
barrier stream no more than .a fisher
man'? ca&t from the black rock-mouth
that Spewed it up from its underground
ma^r, While the hunter was .speaking
theCatawba had lapsed into statue-like
HstleBSness, his gaze flxed upon the eddy
ing flo&d which held the secret of the
vanished 'iCavalcade. Suddenly he came
alivo with a bound and mado a quick,
dash into the water. What he retrieved
was only a small piece of wood, charred
at. one end. But Ephralm Yeates caught
at it eagerly. , '. \
¦ ."Now > the Lord -be praised for all His
marcles!" he exclaimed. "It do take an
Injun to come \a-runnlng whenst ever"
body is plumb beat out! Ne'er another one
' of us had an eye sharp enough to ketch
that bit o\ sign . a-floating P^st. What
eay. Cap'n John?".; . V ¦ -
I shopk my head; seeing no special sig
nificance . In tho ! token, and Dick asked,
"What will it.be, Enhralm,; how that lt_
'.JS£ir .C^i s&zr: : &&+d : '~
r '- The- o^-^tf^oTfed^his pity/fbr our ¦
dullard wit, 1 : and then set a moiety _of :t .
. in words. -V •¦¦'•¦'-•"'¦.' ; - Y't' '-''' :"'vv > "' r -' ;
"Well. well, now; I'm f a>lr ashamed " of,
ye! ' What I all d'ye reckon*, blackened' the;
end" o' th's bit o' pine braiich ?'.'.;'* '
"M'hy* 'fire," says Richard/, beginning,
as I did, to see some glimmering of light.
"In course. 'And It -cams 'from yonder,
didn't it?'* "pointing to the cavern under
the cliff* "More than that, 'twas cut wl* •
a hatchet—this fresh end of it— no longer
than last night, at the furdest; the pitch
that the fire fried out' n it Is all soft 'and
gummy, ylt. Gentlemen all, whenst we'
llnd where this here creek cdmes out into
daylight again we're a-going to nnd the
hoss-captain and the whole enduring pas
sel o* redskins and redcoats, immejitly,
if not sooner!" . '
What comment this startling announce
ment would have evoked I know not; 'for-
Five, minutes later we four stood on the
brink of a precipice",, looking abroad upon
one of nature's most singular caprices.-
Cpnceive ( if you can a segment or the ta
ble-land, in ' shape like a broad T bilged
man o' war, sunk to a depth of mayhap
six or seven hundred;feet below' the gen
eral level of the plateau. Give this ship
shaped chasm a longer dimension. of two
miles or more and a breadth of somewhat
less . than half - Its length ; bound It "with
a-. wall-like line of cliffs, falling sheer to
"(pep. 1 * forested- slopes below; prick out a
sliver ribbon of a stream winding' through 1
.grassy • savannas and well-set ; groves^ of.
lordly, trees from end to«nd of 'the sunken 1
valley,; and you will have some picture of:
the scene we looked upon. ' v :.,"-" i > ;
-But- what concerned us most" was \k
sight to make us crouch quickly,,, lest
sharp eyes below should descry us on the
sky-line of the cliff. Pitched on one. of
the grassy savannas by the stream, so
fairly beneath us that the smallest . can
non, planted on our cliff could have
dropped a shot into it, was the camp of
the powder train.
The old borderer took his bearings by
the sun and laid the course of quartering
to bring' us out as near as might be on
the heights above the gorge. But when
we had gene a little way a thinning of the
wood ahead warned us that we 4 were ap
proaching some nearer break in the table
land. , •¦•¦...
entire oompany— this though the conclu
sion left the vanishing trail an unsolved
riddle. For if the women could have been
dragged through the low-springing arch
of the waterway, we knew the horses
could not— to say nothing of the certain
destruction of the powder cargo In such
a passage. • ' , . ~ ,
"t Bo we addressed ourselves to the ascent
of the northern mountain, though ¦ Klch
ard and I would first beg a little space
in which to - drain the water, from our
boots, and to wring "som* pounds' weight
Qf It from our clothes. That done -we
fell in line once more, and being so for
tunate as to hit upon a ravine which led
to the cliff-crowned summit, the climb
was shorn of half of Its toil and diffi
culty. Nevertheless, by the sun's height
it was well on In the forenoon before; we
came out, perspiring like sappers in a
steam bath, upon the mountain top.
; As Yeates* had guessed,' this northern
mountain 'proved to be a lofty table-land.
So far as could be seen the summit was
an undulating plain, less densely forested
•than the valley, but with a thick sprink
ling of pines to make tho still, hot air
heavy with their resinous fragrance. As.lt
chanced, our. ravine of ascent headed
well back from the cliff edge, so we must
needs fetch a compass through the pine
groves before we could. win out to any
commanding point of .view.
.. . "No • 'send hlmj yei; going to send."
was;- Vncanola's'-'. amendment. "Look
' see.' \Chelakee braves make haste for
¦ load horses down jponder now!"
Again ¦ the sharp eyes of the Catawba
¦had come In 'play. At the foot of the
'great" boulder some half-dozen of the
., Cherokees ""were; busy with the powder
pcarsro, lashing pack loads of It upon two
horses. v One of the .group, who ap
'^JMesurJed.'vtp'be'dlrectlns the labor of the
¦ ; otbiq^svlvHood .apart, "holding the bridle
; relc^'ofjfthtee other.; horses caparisoned
"Journey.. ..When the loading was
>"accdnipljshed to. the ¦satisfaction of the
,*>ndrserholding chieftain, he and two oth
ers mounted., took the burdened animals
In tow, and the small cavalcade filed off
down the' stream toward the apparent
cul de sac at the lower end of the val
ley. *
Ephralm Yeates was up In. a twinkling,
dragging us back from the cliff edge.
"Up with ye!" he cried. "Now's our
chance to kill two' pa'trldges with one
stone! If we can make out to get down
into t'other valley in time to see how
them varmints come out, we'll know
the way In. More'n that, 1 wa can ambush
'em and so make sartain sure o' five o'
the slx v hosses we're a-golng to need,
come night. But we've got to leg for it
like Ahlmaaz the son of Zadok."
Thus said the old borderer, and being
only too eager to come 'to handgrips
with the enemy we were up and running
faster than ever Joab's messenger ran.
long before the old man finished with
his Scriptural simile. . -___
Not to take the risk of delay on ai?y
unexplored short cut we made straight
for the ravine of our ascent, found It as
by unerring instinct, and Were presently
racing down to ¦' the Indian trace in the
little upland valley above the gorge.
For all the helter-skelter v- haste I
fpund time to remember that the gorge
as we had last seen it had been well
besprinkled with armed Cherokees lying
in wait for us. If they were still there
we should be • likely, to „ have a hot wel
come; and some ¦ reminder of this I
gasped out to Yeates 'in'mld-flight.'
"Ne'm mind that; if we run up ag'inst
'em anywhere, 'twon't be there-away.
They've took the hint and quit;.scat
tered out to hunt us long ago," was his
answer. Jerked out between bounds. And
after I had loosed the Ferrara In its
sheath and saved my breath as I might
for the killing business of the moment.
'Twas a sharp disappointment that, for
all the haste of our mad scramble down
the mountain we were too late to sur
prise the. secret of the enemy's strong
hold. The Catawba was leading when
we dashed down Into the valley, and one
.glance sent him flying back to stop us
short with a dumb show purporting that
the quarry was already out of the defile
and coming up the Indian path.
- .Richard swore grievously, but the old
backwoodsman took the checkmate pla
cidly and began to set the pieces for the
second game in which the horses were
the stake, hiding his useless rifle. In a
hollow tree — his powder had been soaked
and spoiled in the. early morning plunge
for life — and drawing his-' hunting knife
tp feel its . edge and | point. ¦'
"Ez I allow, that fetches us to the hoss
lifting." he said, in his slow arawl. Then
he laid his commands upon us. "Ord'ly
and In" sojer-fasliloh, now no whooping
and yelling.. If "the Jioss-captain's got
scouts out a-s'archlng . for" us. * one pood
screech from- these here varmints we're
a-going to put out'n their mls'ry f u d fix
our flints for- kingdom come. I ain't none
a f card o' pour, nerve"— this to Richard
and me-^-Vleastwlse, not when ' it comes
to fair/and square sojer-flghtlng. But
this ' here : onfall has got to trt> like the
smiting - o' the 'Malekltes— root and
branch; and if ye're tempted to be any :
•. wise', mardf ul, \ Jest ricollect that for the
sake oY.them wlmmen folks we've got
.to have these hosses!'.'
You are not to suppose that he was
holding . us Inactive ; while he thus ex
horted us. . On the contrary, he was post
ing u s skillfully beside \ the trace ¦ like
the 'shrewd -old i Indian fighter that he
was, with a ¦" rare and practiced eye to
the nfaxlmum.of, cover, with the mini
mum of . thicket tangle' to Impede the
rush or to shorten the ' sword swing.
But when all was dons we were at this
disadvantage— that since the enemy was
close ' at " hand we dared ' not cross the
path to : give our trap a Jaw on either,
side. To offset this, the Catawba dropped
"No." Bald Ephraim Yeates. "'Taint
jest rightly a rest camp, ez I take it. Ez I
was a-saying last night, this here Is Tuck
asege country, and we ain't no furder
than a day's running from the Cowee
Towns. Now theTuckasegesand the over
mounting Cherokees ain't always on the
best o' tarms. and I was a-worfderlng if
the hoss-captain hadn't sot down here
to wait whilst he could send a peace
offer* o* powder and lead on to the Cowee
chiefs to sort o' smooth, the. way."
From what could be seen 'twas clear
that the camp was no mere bivouac for
the day; Indeed, the Englishmen were
still working upon their pine-bough shel
ters, building themselves in as if for a
stay indefinite.
. "'Tis a rest camp." quoth Dick,
"though why they should break the
march here is more than I can guess."
At first we sought in vain for the stor
ing-place of the powder. It was the
sharp eyes of the Catawba that finally
descried It. A rude housing of pine
boughs, like the huts of the troopers,
had been built at the base of a large
boulder on the opposite bank of the
stream; and here was the lading of the
powder train.
the beastes«s aforehand— "
- We had reached the cliff and were once
more peering down at the enemy's camp.
Though | for the cliff-shadowed valley It
was long past sunset arid all the depths
were blue and purple in the changing
half-lights of the' hour, the shadow veil
was but a gauze of color, softening the
details without obscuring them. So^ we
could mark well the metes and bounds of
the camp and prick in all the items. .
The camp field was the 'largest of the
savannas or natural clearings. 1 On the
margin of the stream the . Indian lodges
were pitched in a semicircle to face the
water. Farther back Falconnet's troop
was hutted In rough-and-ready shelters
made, of pine boughs— these disposed to
stand between the camp of the Cherokees
and. the tepee-lodge of the captive women,
which stood among the trees in that
edge of the forest hemming; the slope
which buttressed our cliff of observation.
whole enduring army o* thelr'n— has got
to be . dona on . the keen jump, with a
toler'ble plain hoss-road for the aklmper
•camper race when It is done. For, look-
Ing it up and down and side to side, we've
rot to have hoMos— some o' their horses,
at that. I jlng! if we could jest make
out somehow 'r other to lay our claws on
"Onto the hosses with this here In
dian meat, ez quick ez the loving Lord'U
let ye!" was the sharp command.
"There's a whole clanamfrey o* the var
mints a-comlng down the trace, and I
reckon ez how we'd better scratch gravel
lmmejltly, if not sooner!"
"Wah! Call hlsself the Great Bear,
hey? Heap lie; heap no bear; heap noth
ing, now. Papoose bear no let nlsself be
trap' that way. No smoke peace-pipe "
But now Ephralm Yeates. standing ear
a-cock and motionless, like some grim
old statue done In leather, cut him short
with a sudden "Hist, will ye!" and a
twinkling Instant later we had other
work to do.
While yet this most merciless deed
was a-doing. the Catawba bounded to his
feet and made sure of the horses, which
were rearing: and snorting: with affright.
That done, he must needs gloat, Indian
wise, over his fallen adversary, turning
the headless body with his foot and gib
ing at it.
So. when Uncanoola drew forth his
tobacco pipe and made the three doomed
ones sit with htm in the path to smoke
the peace whiff all around we picked out
each his man and smote to slay. Tba
scythe-like sweep of Jennifer's mighty
claymore left the flve-feathered chief
tain the shorter by a head In the same
pulsebeat that the Ferrara scanted a sec
ond of the breath to yell with: though
now I recall It, the gurgling death cry
of the poor wretch with the steel in his
throat was more terrible to hear than
any warwhoop. As for the old borderer,
he was more, deliberate. Being fair be
hind and within arm's reach of his man.
he seised him by the scalplock, bent the
head backward across h:s ¦ Knee— but.
faugh! these are the merest butcher de
tails, and I would spare you — and my
self, as well.
And as for my own part In the fray,
when I recognized In the flve-feathered
chieftain of the three that coppcr-hued
Imp of Satan who had been the merciless
master of ceremonies at the torturing
of my poor black Tomas. the decent
meed of mercy which even a seasoned
soldier may cherish died within me.
and I made cure the steel would find its
mark.
I give you fair warning, my dean,
that you may turn the page here and
skip what follows If you are fain to
be tender-hearted on the score of these
savage enemies of ours. It was In the
very summer solstice of the year of
violence; a time when he who took the
sword was like to perish with the sword;
and we thought of little save that Mar
gery and her handmaiden were In dead
liest peril, and that these Indians had
five horses which we must have.
We had not Ions; to wait. Our cun
ning ally timed his h&ltlns'of the emis
saries to a nicety, and when the three
Cherokees drew rein they were within
easy blade's reach. The powwow, length
ened by Uncanoola till we were near,
bursting: with Impatience, was spun out
wordily, and presently we saw the point
ing of It. The Catawba was affecting
to doubt the protests of the emissaries
and would have them dismount and
prove their good faith T>y smoking the
peace-pipe with "him.
out of line, and disappeared; and when
the Cherokees were no more than a hun
dred yards away. Uncar.oola cams In
Bight a like distance In the opposite di
rection, running easily down the path
to meet the upcoming riders.
Richard let slip ah admiration oath
under his breath. "There's a fine bit
of strategy for you!" he .whispered
•That wily Jack-at-a-plnch of ours will
beloof them Into believing- that he Is a
runner from the Cowee Towns. Tls our
cue to He close; he will halt them lust
here, and there will be roving eyes in
the heads of the two wlxo have not to
talk."
THE MASTER OF
AOOLEBY
Sunday Call
Literary
SectionIndian lodges of which were in plain
view beyond the intervening horse
IX WHICH, HAVING DANCED, WE
PAY THE PIPER,
. Measured by the sense which takes
cognizance of pauses it seemed no more
than a. moment between the stamping
out of breath and Its gaspinr recovery.
But in the Interval the scene had shifted
from ; the open savanna to a thinly set
grove of oaks, with the stream brawling
through the midst'
To the biggest of the trees I was
tightly bound and a little way apart a
fire, newly kindled, smoked and blazejj up
fitfully. By the light of the flre a"«%od
score of the Cherokees were gathering
deadfalls and dry branches to heap be- ,
side me. and from the camp below, tha
CHAPTER XXIX.
"Follow * me, step < for : step, or you are
a dead man!" he commanded; and so,'
pacing backward, he led the fellow, 1 with
the hulking body of him for a shield and
mask, out of the circle of firelight and
into the safer shadows : of the forest. .-¦
; When I had made a creeping detour, to
loin him he still had his man by the col
tf»BS"s"H~lfls~Ms'tttti •
' ¦¦. •
I saw not what to do; should have
done nothing, I dare say, , till the man
had walked fair upon us. But Richard
was quicker witted. • : . \
"Give " me '. your sword !" he muttered ;
"mine will be too long to 'shorten upon."
and when the Englishman's = next stride
would have kicked us out of- hiding Dick
rose up before him like the ; devil in . a
play, gripped him by the collar and laid
his sword's point at his throat.
But my dear lad was rash only for
himself. "Now who is daft?" he retort
ed. "The Catawba himself could never
run ' that gauntlet and " come through
alive."
"Mayhap," I admitted. "But yet — " :
He cut me offin the midst wlndingan
arm about my head by way of an ex
tinguisher. One of the redcoat troopers
lounging before the great fire had risen
and was coming straight for our hiding
place.
ing rascals may not be so drowsy as
they look." (
He nodded, and we backed away, to
make another circuit which fetched us
out on the up-valley side of the encamp
ment Here we could look, down into
a smaller glade or bottom meadow on
the stream where the horses of the band
were cropping bush grass. It was the
sight of these and of Margery's black
mare among them that set me thinking
of a plckeerlng venture to the full as
harebrained as that from which I had
but now dissuaded Richard Jennifer.
"We- shall need another mount and
Mistress Margery's saddle," I said. "Lie
you. close here whilst I play, the horse
thief on these reavers."
¦. So, having first gagged the poor devil
with his own neckerchief, we stripped
him quickly; and I as quickly donned the
borrowed uniform and became, at least in
outward semblance, a light-horse trooper
of that king whose service I had once for
sworn. • ; The items of small-clothes,
Waistcoat and head-gear fitted me pass
ing well, but when it came to the boots
we stuck fast and I was forced to wear
my Town foot-covering.
The change made.— and you may be
lieve no playhouse actor of them air ever
doffed or donned 'a costume quicker— we
bound our .luckless captive hand and
foot pinned him face downward in the
sward, and so leaving him with only .his
boots for a memento-^— happily for him
the night was no more than goose-flesh
cool— we raced back , to our; peeping
place on the skirting: of the camp
ground.
. Here Dick . wrung my hand, calling
himself all the . knaves unspeakable for
letting me take a risk which he was
pleased to call his own; and .with, that I
stepped out into' the firelight and was
fair afoot In the enemy's camp.
"Bay, quick! what to do with him.
Jack?' he demanded when I came up;
and now my-' slower wit came into play.
"Out of this to some safer dressing
room, and I'll show you," said I; and
forthwith we marched our prize up the
valley a long musket-shot or more.
When the soldier had leave to speak
he. begged lustily for his life, as you
would guess; but we gave him a short
shrift If the plan I had in mind Should
have a fighting chance for success it
must be set in train before this trooper
should be missed. .
lar and was emphasizing the need for
silence by sundry prickings with the
Ferara. ¦ ¦.•-.;„„•¦/
' Now some such long-range marking
down as this was what I had been ang
ling for. '; So" I came to attention and sa
luted in soldierly fashion,; thereby rais
ing a great laugh among my. pseudo-com
rades around the trooper fire— a laugh
that pointed shrewdly to < the baronet
captain's lack of proper discipline. But
that is. neither here nor/ t therer Having
my master's : order for It . I climbed to'
the foot of ,the j powder rock.
Here the bare sight of all the stored
up, devastation set me athlrst with a
fierce longing for leave to snap a pistol
"Ho," Jack Warden!" he called, making
a speaking trumpet of his hands to lift
the hail above the chanting of the Indian
dancers. "Have a look at that shelter
whilst you are over, there and make sure
'twill shed rain' if the weather shifts," '
On the bare hillside beneath the pow
der magazine I made no doubt I was in
plainest view from the great fire, and
the proof of this conclusion came shortly
in a bellowing hail from Falconnet
From the hillside just below tnls pow
der rock I could look back upon the camp
en enfilade, as an artilleryman would
say. Nearest at hand was the half-moon
of Indian lodges with the hollow of the
crescent facing the stream, and a cal
dron fire burning in the midst. Around
the fire a ring of warriors naked to the
breech-clout kept time in a slow shuf
fling dance to a monotonous chanting;
and for onlookers there was an outer
ring of squatting figures — the visiting
Tuckaseges, as I supposed.
Beyond the Indian lodges, and a little
higher up the gentle slope of the savan
na, were the troop shelters; and beyond
these, half concealed in the fringing of
the boundary forest, was the tepee lodge
of the women. .
"What say you. Jack? Shall we rush
them? There's naught else for it." And
then, with a gritting oatn: "Oh. damn
this cursed chilling:"
I whispered bacK that we would wait
till he was better fit. He was loth to
admit the necesity. but as it chanced,
the momentary delay saved our lives in
that strait. While we paused, hugging
the shadows in the crooking elbow, the
gloomy d«?pths beyond the Sentries were
suddenly starred with flaring flambeaux
lightir.g the way for a hasting rabble of
savages; and had we been entangled in
the struggle with the two sentinels we
should have been taken red-handed.
As it was. we had to make the quick
est play to save ourselves. In the same
breath we both remembered the narrow
eid^ passage Just behind in which we
were nigii to losing our way. and into
this we plunged, reckless of possible pit
falls. We were no more than safely out
of the main corridor when the runners,
some score of them, as we guessed,
trooped past our covert in full cry. leav
ing us half smothered in the smoky trail
of their pitch-pine flambeaux.
"Now what a-devil has set this hor
net's nest of theirs abuzz bo suddenly?".
I whispered, when the smoke-choke gave
us liberty to speak without coughing to
betray ourselves.
"Our pony-riding Tuckaseges. doubt
less." was Richard's ready answer. "By
all the chances, they should have met
the Great Bear and his peace-offering out
yonder on the trace — which same they
did not. So when they bring this tale to
camp there is the devil to pay and no
pitch hot. God help our tough old
Ephraim and the Catawba if these blood
hounds win out in time to overtake
them'"
"Aye." said I: and then we crept out
of the dodge-hole and made ready to go
about our business with the sentries.
But when we came to peer again
around the crooking elbow it would seem
that the hurrying search party had
fought our battle for us. The watch lire
was there to light a little circle in the
gloom, but the watchers were Rone. We
chanced a guess that they had joineu the
hue and cry. and so we- pressed forward,
past the handful of embers and into the
pit-black depths beyond.
Twenty "paces further on it came to
playing blind man's buff with the rocky
walls again, and measured by the trip
pings and stumblings 'twas a long Sab
bath day's journey to that final turn in
thi great earth-burrow whence we could
se? the glimmering of the enemy's camp
fires in the sunken valley.
"Now God be praised!" quoth Richard
most fervently. "Another hour In this
cursed kennel" with the fever on me and
I should be a yammering loose-wit And
I. too. was glad enough to see the stars
again, and to be at large beneath them.
Emerging from the subterranean way.
we held to the camp side of the stream"
making an ample circuit to the left to
come down upon the enemy s position from
the wooded slope behind the encamp
ment We met no let or hindrance, in
this approach. Secure in their strong
hold, the Indians had no patroU out; and
as for the Englishmen, every mother's
?on of them, it seemed, was basking in
the light of a great fire built before the
pine-bought shelters.
Favored by a dense thlcketing of laurel,
we made a near-hand reconnaissance of
the little wipwam which held our dear
lady. As I have 'said, this was pitched
in the thinning of the forest which cov
ered the steep slope behind the encamp
ment and so P was P th* farthest removed
from the stream, and from the Indian
lodges disposed in a half-moon at the
water's edge. Here all was quiet as the
crave, and the clamor of the Indian
camp came softened by the distance to a
low monotonous humming like the buz
zing of a beehive. The Hap °* .I"* 8 * 6 ?**
lodge was closely drawn and the Wt of
fire before it had burned out to a heap
of white-ashed embers. , „,»...
"They are safe as yet. thank God.
says Richard, heaving a most palpable
sigh of relief. Then, with the fever in
his veins to whip his natural ardor into
hasty action: "'Twill be hours before
Eph and the Catawba can come in by
your upper ravine. Jack, and we shall
never have . a better chance than % this.
Hold you quiet here, whilst I — '
But I laid fast hold of him and would
not hear to any such a foolhardy mar
ring of Ephraim Yeate's plan.
•'Heavens, boy! are you gone clean
mad?" I would say. V 'Twill be risky
enough with midnight in our favor; with
the camp well asleep, and that great
fire burned down to give us something
less than broad daylight to work in!'"
He turned upon me like a pettish
child. "Oh. to the devil with your stum
bling-blocks. John Ireton! You are al
ways for holding back. By heaven! I'll
6wear you have no drop of lover s blood
in your veins!"
"So you have said before. But let that
pass; we must bide by our promise to
Yeates. which was not to interfere un
less Margery stood in present peril.
Moreover, we should learn the lay of the
land better while we have the firelight
to help. When ¦ the time for action
comes we must be able to make the play
with our eyes shut if need be. Come."
'Twas like pulling sound teeth to get
him away, but he yielded at length and
we crept on to have some better sight
of the troop camp. We had it; had a
glimpse of the Baronet-captain playing
loo with his. lieutenant and another. The
tableau at the fire gave us better cour
age. The men had laid their arms aside
and were sprawling at their ease; and
while the arch scoundrel was . in the
gaming mood Margery had less to fear
from him.
I said as much to Dick, , and for an
swer he pointed to the flask of usque
baugh which was at that moment mak
ing the round of the loop layers.
"I know Frank Falconnet better than
you do. Jack, for I have known him
later. He is all kinds of a villain sober,
but he is a fiend incarnate with ¦« the
liquor in him. 'Tls lucky we are here.
If- he. do but drink enough Margery la
like to have need — "
"Hist!" said I; some of these loung-
. Dick pressed closer to me, and I could
feel him drinking in deep draughts of
the grateful outer air.
"What new wonder Is thisT" he would
ask. with something akin to awe in his
voice; but we must needs grope this way
and that to feel out the answer with our
finger tips.
When the answer was found, the mys
tery of the lost trail was solved most
simply.' As we made out, we were in a
deep crevice cut crosswise by the stream,
which, issuing from a yawning cavern
In the farther wall, was quickly engulfed
again by that lower archway' we had Just
traversed. In some -. upheaval of- the
earthquake age a huge slice of the moun
tain's face had split off and settled away
from the parent cliff to leave a deep
cleit open to the sky.- One end of this
crevice chasm — that toward the upland
valley — was choked and filled by the de
bris of later landslides, but tne lower
fn>i was open.
Through this lower end, as we made
no doubt, the powder train had come,
turning from the Indian path in the
gorge up the bed of the barrier stream,
turning again at the outer cavern muutu
to squeeze in single tile between the
thickly matted undergrowth and the
cliff's face, and so to pass around the
split-off mass and come into the crevice
rift.
how the sharp eyes of the old hunter,
and those of the Catawba as well, had
missed the rinding of this squeezing
place where the cavalcade had left the
utream bed, wo could never guess; but
on the chance that we might yet need to
know all the crooks and turnings of this
outlet we felt our way quite around the
masking cliff and down to the stream's
edge In the gorge.
That done we were ready for a farther
advance, and clambering back into the
crevice we once more too* the stream for
"our guide and were presently deep in the
natural tunnel piercing the mountain
proper. This extension of the subter
ranean waterway proved to be a noble
cavern, wide ana high enough to pass a
loaded wain, as we determined by toss
ing pebles against the arching roof. None
the less, 'twas full of crooks and wind-
Ings; and in the saarpest elbow of them
all. where we were like to lose our way
by blundering Into one of the many
branching side passages, Richard stopped
me with a hand thrust back.
"Softly!" he cautioned; "here are their
vedettes!"
Just beyond the crooking elbow the
dull red glow from a tiny fire gone to
coals showed us two Indian sentries*set
to keep the pass. Dick drew his clay
more, but he was chilling again, and tne
hand that grasped the yreat blade was
shaking as with a palsy. Yet he would
mutter, as the teetn-chatterlng suffered
him:
HOW A. KING'S TROOPER BECAME A
WASTREL. ' \ v
CHAPTER XXVIL
twinkllnjr •*¦» shining down , upon us
from a narrow. breadth of sky. -
'twas thus we met their onslaught
In such a fray as that which followed
'tis the trivial, things that leave their
mark upon the memory. For one. I re
call the curious thrill of raastertBlghliLt
gave me to feel the ¦ play of Jennifer's
great shoulder muscles against my back
In his plying of the heavy claymore- For*
another. I remember the alcTtentng qualm
I had when the warm blood of my sec
ond — or mayhap *tw*a the third — gushed
out upon my sword hand, and I remem
ber, too. how the impaled one. driven In
upon the blade by the pressure of his
fellows behind, would lay hold of the
.sharp steel and try in the death throe to
Withdraw it
But after that sickening qualm I re
call only this; that I could not free the
sword for another thrust, and while I
tugged and fought for space they drag
, ged me down and burled me. these fierce
tribesmen, piling so thick upon me that
sight and sound and breath went out to
gether, and I was but an atom crushed
to earth beneath the human avalanche.
"Make the round again and tell the
men 'twill be ten gold Joes and a double
allowance of liquor to the man who first
¦claps eyes on any one of the four."
• The subaltern went to carry out t$»
order.' arid Falconnet fell to pacing back,
and forth the little wigwam. I
could see his face at tne turn where the
firelight fell upon him; 'twas the face
' of a villain at his worst, namely, a vil
lain half in liquor. There was 'a lurk
ing devil of pas3ion peering out of tho
sensuous eyes; and ever and anon he
'stopped as to listen for some sound with
in the captives' lodge.
When the lieutenant returned to make
his report, he was given another order to
cap the first
"Your line is, too close drawn and too
conspicuous," said the captain shortly.
"Move the men out fifty paces in ad
vance, and bid them take cover."
"They will scarce bo within hail of
each other at that." says the lieutenant.
"Near enough, with ten gold pieces to
sharpen their eyesight. Go you with
them and hold them to their work."
The line was presently extended as
the order ran. each link in the cordon
chain advancing fifty paces on its front
into the forest. Dick fetched a deep
sigh of relief; and I thought less of the
thin-leafed cover and the scarlet coat of
me.
Falconnet had resumed the pacing of
his sentry beat before the lodge, but
when his men were out of sight and
hearing he stopped "short and stole on
tiptoe to lay his ear to the flap.
"So you are awake. Miss Margery?
Send your woman out. I would speak
with you— alone."
There was no reply, but w» could both
hear the low. anguished voice of our
dear lady praying for help in this her
hour of trial. Dick inched aside to giv«
me room, freeing his weapon, as I did
mine. We were not overqulet about It,
but the captain of horse "was too hot
upon his own devil's business to look
behind, him. i *:«. '¦""'
Having no answer from within, h»
stooped to loose the flap. It was pegged
down on the inside. He arose and whip
ped out his sword. The firelight fall upon
his face again and we saw it as it had
been the face of a foul fiend from the
pit
"Open!" he commanded; and when
there was neither reply nor obedience h»
cut the flap free .with his sword and flung
it back. «V
The two women within the wigwam
were on their knees before a little cruci
fix hanging on the lodge, wall. So much
we saw as we broke cover and ran In
upon the despoiler. Then the battle
madness came upon us, and I. for one.
saw nausht but the tense-drawn face of
the swordsman fighting for his life— a
face in which the hot flush of evil pas
sion had given place to the ashen gray-
Ing of fear.
We drove at him together, Dick and I.
and so must needs fall afoul of each
other clumsily, giving him time to spring
back and so miss the claymore stroke
which else would have shorn him to the
middle. Then eniued as pretty a pieco
of blade work as any master of the old
cut-and-thrust school could wish to see:
and through It all this king's captain ct 4
horse seemed to bear a charmed life.
There was no punctilio of the code nf
honor in this duel a 1'outrance. Knowing
our time was short we fought as men
who flsrht with halters round their necks:
not to decide a nice point at issue, but
to kill this accursed villain as we would
kill a mad dosr or a venomous reptile
whose living on Imperiled the life and
honor of the woman we loved.
Thrice, while I held him in play, Dick
rushed In to end it with a scythe-sweep
of the broadsword; and thrice the Scot
tish death was turned aslae by the flash
ing circle of steel wherewith the mar*
striving shrewdly to gain time made shift
to shield himself.
Yet it was r.ot in flesh and blood to
fend the double onslaught for more than
some brief minute or two. Play as he
would — and no schlazermelster.of my old
field marshal's .picked troop could best
him at this game of parry and defense —
he must give ground step by step; slow
ly at the pressing of the Ferrara and In
quick backward leaps" wfien the great
broadsword hit at him.
For the first few bouts he withstood
us in jrrtm silence. "But now Richard cut
In ajraln. and the claymore stroke.
less skillfully turned aside, brought
him to his knees. This broke his
bull courage somewhat, and though
he was afoot and on guard before
my point could reach him, he began to
bellow lustily for help.
As you woald suppo«», the call wan
all unneeded. At the first elash ofstee^i
the troopers were up and swarming to
the rescue; and now on all sides came
the trampling rash of the in-closins cor
don line.
Had ' Falconnet held his ground a mo
ment longer he would have had us fast .'
In the Jaws of the trooper trap; but 'tis
the fatal flaw in mere brute courage that
tt will break at the pinch. No sooner
did the volunteer captain catch a glimpse
of his up-coming reinforcements than
he must needs show us a clean pair of
heels, running like a craven coward and
shouting madly to. his men to close with
os and cut us down.
"After him!" roared Dick, who was by
now as rage-mad as any berserker; and
with a cut and thrust to right aad left
for the nipping trapjaws we were out
and away in chase.
Now yon may mark this as you will:
that while the devil hath need of his
bond-servant he will keep the villain
breath of life In his vassal. Three bounds
beyond the closing trapjaws fetched us.
pursued and pursuers, to the open camp
field: and here the devil's miracle was
wrought Out of the forest fringe, out
of the skirting undergrowth, out of the
very earn, as it seemed, uprose a yell-
Ing mob of Cherokees— the detachment
.we had met in the cavern returned in
the very nick of time to cut us off from
the pursuit and to ring us In a whooping
circle of death.
"Back to back, lad!" I shouted; and
I here confess to you. my dears, that,
had I loved my sweet lady less, no earth
ly power could have driven me into that
dismal stifling place. All my life long I
have had a most unspeakable horror of
low-roofed caverns and squeezing pas-
Bases that cramp a man for breath and
for the room to draw it in; and when the
suffocating madness came upon me, as it
did when we were well jammed In this
cursed horror-hole, I was right glad to
have my love for Margery to make an
outward eeemlng man of me; glad, too,
that my dear lad was close behind to
shame me Into going on.
Yet. after all. the passage through the
throat of the rock dragon was vastly
more terrifying than difficult. Once well
•within the closely <lrawn upper lip we
could brace our backs against the roof
an" so have a purchase for the foothold.
Better still, when we had passed a pike's
length beyond the lip the breathing space
above the water grew wider and higher
till at length we could stand erect and
come abreast to lock arms and push on
Bide by side.
From that the etrea.ra broadened and
grew shallower with every step, and pres
ently we could bear it on ahead babbling
over the etones like any peaceful wood
land brook. Then suddenly the dank and
noisome air of the cavern gave place to
the pine-scented breath of the forest; and.
looking straight up, we could see the
We found the highest part of the arch
after come blind groping, and making
lowly obeisance to the gods of the under
world, began a snail -like progress into
the gurgling throat of the spewing rock
monster.
••No." said he. stubbornly. "Walt but
a minute and the fever will be on me;
then 1 shall be fighting-fit for anything
that comes."
So we waited, and I could hear his teeth
clicking like castanets. Having had a
tertian fever more than once in the Turk
ish campaigning. I had a fellow-feeling
for the i>oor lad. knowing well how the
thought of a p'unge into cold water
•would make him shrink.
In a little time he felt for my hand and
grs»5p*d it.
"I'm warm enough now. In all con
eciojice." be e&M. and •with that we
slipped ir.to the stream.
'Twas n disaprKiintrnent of the grateful
sort to find the water no more than mld
thi>rh de*r>. The current was swift and
strong, but with the pebbly bottom to
give pood footing 'twas possible to stem
it slowly. laying hold of each other for
the letter breast of the flood we felt our
way warily to the middle of the pool; felt
for tho low-epruns cavern arch, and for
that scanty lifting of ft where we hoped
to find head room between stone above
and stream below.
"As ready as a man with a shaking
ague can be," he gritted out. "This dog's
work we have been doing of late has
brought my old curse upon me and I am
like to rattle rny teeth loose."
"Let me go alone, then. Another cold
plunge may be the death of you."
So taid the old backwoodsman : but nei
ther Dick nor I would agree to this in'
toto. Dick argued that while we were
killing time in the roundabout advance
Tre should be leaving Margery wholly at
the mercy of the Baronet, and that every
hour of delay was full of hideous menace
to her. Hence he proposed that three
of us should carry out the hunter's
plan, leaving the fourth to take the
hint given by the charred stick
and the swimming ambush crew, and
bo penetrating to the valley by the stream
cavern, be at hand to strike a blow for
our dear lady's honor In case of need.
" 'Tis a thing to be done, and I am with
you. Dick." said I. This was before Eph
raim Yeates could object. "Should there
be need for any, two blades will be better
than one. If it comes to blows and we
are kitted or taken, Yeates and the chief
must make the shift to do without our
help."
As you would guess, the old hunter de
murred to this halving: of our slender
fore*, but we overpersuaded him. If all
went well, we were to rendezvous on the
scene of action to carry out the plan of
rescue. But if our adventure should prove
disastrous, Yeates and Uncanoola were to
bide their time, striking in when and how
they might.
Touching this contingency, I drew the
o!d man aside for a word in private.
"If ought befall us, Ephraim— if we
should be nabbed as we are like to be—
you are not to let any hope of helping us
lessen by a feather's weight the rescue
chant* of the women. You'll promise me
this?"
"Sarlain sure; ye can rest easy on that,
C&p'n John. But don't ye go for to let
that rampaging boy of our'n upsot the fat
In the ili-p with any o" his foolishness.
He's '.ovesick. he Is; and there ain't noth
tnjj'n this world so ridic'lous foolish «a
lovesick boy— less'n 'tis a lovesick gal."
I premised on my part and so we went
our separate ways in the gathering dark
ness; though not until the lashings of
the racks had been cut and the powder
and lead, pave fuch Epoil of both as Eph
rahTi Yeates a.nd Uncanoola would re
serve, tad been errilled into the river. As
for the bodies of the dead Indians, the
old hunter said he would let them ride
til! h» should come to some convenient
cha?m for a sepulcher; but I mistrusted
that he and the Catawba would scalp and
leavt them, once we were safely out of
sis l>".
At the Darting we took the river's edge
for St. Richard and 1. keeping well under
tlie l:ar.k and working our way cautiously
down the gorge until we were stopped by
the pouring cross-torrent of the under
ground tributary. Here we turned short
to the left along the margin of the bar
rier stream, and tracing Its course across
th*> rrorc<». came presently to the northern
cliff at the lip of the spewing cavern
mouth.
But now the night was fully come and
in the wooded defile we could place ous
sclves only- by the sense of touch. :-.;"¦¦
"Are you ready, Dick?" said I.
Hi? face, commonly a leather mask to
hide the man behind it, was now ablaze
with the fire of zealotry; and. truly, In
these, hl« Fpasm-flts of supplication, he
stood for all that is most awe-Inspiring
and unnerving, asking but a little stretch
of the Imagination to figure him as one
of those old iron-hard prophets of denun
ciation come back to earth to be herald of
the wrath of God.
'Twas close upon actual nightfall when
the eld. man rose from his knees and. with
the rMr.g. put off the beadsman and put
on the Ehrewd old Indian fighter. Fol
lowed some hurried counselings as to how
we should proceed, and in these the hun
ter f.et the pace for us as his age and vast
experience in woodcraft gave him leave.
His plan had all the merit of simplicity.
Now that we had the horses, Richard's
notion of an approach from the head of
the sunken valley became at once the
most hopeful of any. So Ephraim Yeates
proposed that we betake ourselves to the
mountain top and to the head of that ra
vine which the Catawba and I had dis
covered. Here we should leave the horses
veil hidden and secured, make our way
down the ravine and, with the stream for
a guide, follow the sunken valley to the
camp at Its lower end. Once on the
ground without having given the alarm,
we might hope to free the captives under
cover of the darkness; and our retreat
up the valley would be far less hazardous
than any open flight by way of the unex
plored rea<i the r»owder train had used.
raddles to balance -as they might: and to
the pommel of that saddle which bore the
trunk of the five-feathered chieftain, Un
canoola had knotted the grisly head by
its sca.l<>-lock~ to dangle and roll about
with every restless movement of the
horse a hideous death-mask that seemed
to mop end mow and stare fearsomely at
us with its wide open glassy eyes.
With this background fit for the stag
ing of a scene in Dante Alighieri's
tragic comedy.the looming mountains, the
upper air graying on* to dusk, and the
solemn forest aisles full of lurking shad
ows, you are to picture the old frontiers
man, bareheaded and on his knees, pour-
Ing forth his soul in all ' the sonorous
phrase of Holy Writ, now in thanksgiv
ing;, and now in most terrible beseeching*
that all the vials of heaven's wrath might
be poured out upon our enemies.
said I; and with that we fell. to rmVinlng
like a pair of doubling foxes through the
wood on the steep slope behind the lodge.
striving with might and main to gain
the laurel thicket whence we had made
our first* reconnolssance before the con
verging ilnes of the redcoat cordon
should close and shut us out.
We did it by the skin of our teeth,
diving to cover through the closing gap
not a second too soon. When we were
in and hugging the bare ground under
the scanty ' leafing of laurel. I take no
shame in saying that I would have given
a king's ransom to be at large again.
Had there been but one of us the, covert
would have been cramped enough; and I
was "painfully "conscious that my bor
rowed coat of sear let was but a poor
thing, to' hide in. .
To , make it worse, . Falconnet, who
had lagged behind /at . the fire, was now
heaping fresh fuel r on, and this reviving
of the blaze made the place as light as
day. -^ With : the nearest links in the red
coat chain no more than a pike's length
at our ; backs', : we dared not - stir or
breathe a word; and. all in all, w*. might
have been \ taken like rats in a trap had
any one of the sentries • on our. side of
the circle" chanced to look behind him.
Having repaired the fire to his liking,
the- troop captain came up to- pass a
word or two with his lieutenant. They
spoke guardedly together, but we could
hear — could not help hearing.
"You have seen nothing, Gordon 7"
"Nothing, as yet"
"Good-by, Jack; go while you can.
You'll be liko to meet Eph and Catawba
coming in. Turn them back and tell them
to bide their time."
"But. you 7* I would say.
"My place is inside of that soldier
cordon. our friend is drawing about his
dove-cote. I shall be at* hand when she
needs me, as I promised."
"Aye, so you may be; but not alone;"
While we looked the Cherokees scat
tered like a company of trained gillies
to beat us out of cover; and when the
hunt was fairly up the baronet-captain
set hi* men in marching order to sur
roun.l the wiswam of the captives.
As yet there ¦. was tlnie for a swift
retreat up the valley, or at least for the
choosing of Fonio battlefield of our own
where, the enemy need not outnumber us
twenty to one; and again I urged Richard
to bestir himself. But it was the sight
of Fnlconnet'a troops deploying to sur
round tho tepee-lodge, and not any word
of mine, that broke his merriment In the
midst.
At a bound he was up and handing me
my sword. BQSHKHHBHh *
My plan to cut her out was simple
enough. Trusting to the darkness — the
horse meadow was far enough from the
dre3 to make a murky twilight of the
ruddy glow— I thought to lead the mare
quietly away up the stream and. thus on
to the foot of that -ravine by which we
hoped to climb to the old borderer's ren
dezvous on the plateau. But when all
wan ready and I sought to' set this plan
in action, an unforeseen obstacle barred
the way. To keep the horses from stray
ing upfthe valley an Indian sentry line
was strung above the grazing meadow,
and into this I blundered, like any un
llcked knave of a raw recruit.
Had I been armed, .the warrior who
rose before me phantom-like In the lau
rel edging, of the meadow would have
had a most sharp- pointed answer to his
challenge. As it was — I had left my
sword with Jennifer because the cap
tured trooper whose understudy I was
had left his sword in camp— I tried to
parley with the sentry. He knew no
word of English, nor I of Cherokee; but
that deadlock was speedily broken. A
guttural call summoned others of the
horsekeepers, and one among them who
spoke a. little English.
"Ugh! What-for take white squaw
horse?" he demanded.
" 'Tls the captain's order," I replied,
lying boldly to fit the crisis. i_;
• At that they gave me room; and had I
hastened I had doubtless gone at large
without more ado. But at this very apex
point of hazard I must needs play out
the part of unalarra to the fool's envoi,
taking time to part the mare's forelock
under the headstall, and looking leisure
ly to the lacings of the saddle girth.
This foolhardy delay cost me. all, and
more, than all. I was still fiddle-fad
dling with the girth strap, the bet
ter to impose Tipon my Indian
horse guards when suddenly there arose
a yelling hubbub of laughter in the
camp behind. 1 turned to look and
beheld a thing laughable enough, no
doubt, and yet It broke no bubble of
mirth in me. Half-way from the nearest
forest fringe to the. great fire a man,
white of skin and clothed only in a pair
of trooyer boots, was running swiftly
for cover to the nearest pine bough
.-shelter, shouting like an escaped Bed
lamite as he fled. It asked for no sec
ond glance, this apparition of the yell
ing madman:- 'twas our captive soldier,
foot ]<y>*e and racing In to raise the hue
and Ay. .' ¦
Now you may always count upon this
failing in a cautious man— that in a
crisis he ,1s like to do the unwisest thing
that offers.' This cutting out of Mar
gery's mare was none so vital, a matter
that I should have risked the marring
of Ephraim Yeates' plan upon it. Yet.
having done this- very thing, I must
needs make a bad matter infinitely worse.
Instead of mounting, to ride a churge
through the camp, and so to draw the
pursuit after me toward the cavern en
trance, .13 I should. I "lapped the mare
to send her bounding through the guard
line, snatched a saddle from its oak
branch peg to hurl It In ths faces of the
{•entry group, and, darting aside, plung
ed inta the laurel thicket to come by
running where I could and creeping
where I must to that place where I bad
left Richard Jennifer.
All hot and exasperated, as I was, 'twas
something less than cooling to find Dick
n-double on the ground, holding his tides
and. laughing like a yokel at his first
pantomime.
"Oh, ho. ho! did you — did you twig
him.^Jack?" he gasped. "Saw you ever
s>uch a ralncins puss-in-boots since tae
Lord made you? .Ah' ha! ha!"
"The devil. take ycur ill-timed humor!"
1 cried. '.'Up with you, man, and let u»
vanish while we may." '
By this time the cam? was in a pretty
ferment, as you would jruess — our late
captive having had spacs enough to tell
his tale. Drunk or 'sober. Falconnet was
afoot and alert, shouting his orders to
the Englishmen, who were scrambling
for their arms, and to the Indians, who
came swarming up from the lodges.
As I had hoped to find them, .the sad
dles were hung upon the branches of the
nearest, trees, Margery's horse-furnish
ings among them. At first the black
mare was shy of me, but a gentling word
or,two won her over, and she let me take
?|er» by the forelock and lead her deeper
nto the herd where* I could saddle and
bridle her in greater safety.
But being otherwise enjoined, as I say,
I turned my back upon the temptation
and held to the business in hand, which
was to reach and recrosa the ' stream
higher up and so to come among the
horses.
But- since my dear lady would also
share the hazard of such a broadside. I
had no leave to blow myself and the
powder convoy to kingdom come, as I
thirsted to—^could not, you will say, hav
ing neither pistol to snap nor flint, and
steel to fire a train". Nay. nay. my dears,
I would pot have you think so lightly of
my invention. Had ; this been the only
obstacle, you may.be sure I should have
found a way to grind a Bring spark .out
of two bits of stone.
in the well-laid mine. For if these ene
mies of ours had planned their own un
doing they could never have given a des
perate foeman a,' better chance. To hold
the pine; boughs, of the rude shelter in
place , they, had ; piled ' a . great loose wall
of V atones ; around and over ' the cargo;
and the firing of the powder, heaped as
It was against the: backing cliff of the
boulder, . would . hurl theso_ weighting
stones in a murderous broadside upon
the camp across the stream.
THE SUNDAY CALL,.
2THE SUNDAY CALL.
3
the sick man: and when he was securely
lashed thereto there was little danger for
him save In some stumbling of the beast
he rode. ,
When all was ready we had first to find
our way down from the mountain top:
and now even the old borderer and tha
Indian confessed their Inability to ' do
aught but retrace their steps by the only
route they knew: namely, by that ravine
which we had twice traversed In day
light, and up which they had led the
captured horses In the dusk.
This route promised all the perils of a
gauntlet-running, since by It we must take
the risk of* meeting the fleeing fugitives
from the convoy camp. If the explosion
had spared any fit to lift and carry the
vengeance cry. But here again there was
no alternative, and we set us in order
for the descent, with Teates and the
Catawba ahead, the women and Dick in
the midst, and her Apostolic Majesty's
late captain of hussars, masquerading as
a British trooper, to bring on the rear.-
Once In motion beneath the blue-black
shadows of the pines, I quickly lost alt
sense of direction. After we had ridden
in wordless silence a short half hour or
less, and I supposed we shquld be nearlng
the head of our descending ravine, our
little cavalcade was halted suddenly in
a thickset grove of the pines, and Eph
ralm Teates appeared at my stirrup to
say:
"H'ist ye off your nag, Cap'n John,
and let's take a far*well squlnch at tne
inlmy whilst we can."
•"Where? what enemy?" I would ask,
¦lipping from the saddle at his "word.
"Why, the hoss captain's varmints, to
be sure ;\ or what-all the abomination o\
desolation has left of 'em. We ain't
more than a cat's Jump from the edge o'
the big rock where we first sot eyes on
"em this morning."
I saw not what was to be gained by
any such long-range espial in the dark
ness. None the less. I followed the old
man to the cliff's edge. He was wiser
in his forecastlngs than I was in mine.
There was a thing to look at, and light
enough to see it by. One of the missile
stones. It seems, had crashed into the
great fire, scattering the brands In all
directions. The pine-bough troop shelters
were ablaze, and creeping serpent3 of
fire were worming their way hither and
yon over the year-old leaf beds in the
wood. Ever and anon some pine sap
ling in the path of these fiery serpents
would go uo In a torchllke flare; and so,
as I say, there was light enough.
What we looked dovm upon was not
inaptly pictured out by Ephralm Yeate3*
Scripture phrase, the abomination of
desolation. Every vestige of the
camp save the glowing skeletons of the
troop shelters had disappeared, and the
swarded savanna was Decome a biacK
ened chaos-blot on the fair woodland
scene. I have said that the powder shel
tering bowlder was a cliff for size; the
mighty upheaval of tne explosion had
toppled It in ruins into the stream and
huge fragments the bigness of a wine
butt had been hurled with the storm of
lighter debris broadcast upon the camp.
. At first we saw no sign of life in all
the flrellt space. But a moment later
when three or four of the sapling torches
blazed up together we made out some
half dozen figures of human beings — ¦
whether red or white we could not ten
stumbling and reeling about among the
rocks like blind men drunken. ¦ -'
At sight of these the old hunter doffed
his cap and fell upon his knees with,
hands uplifted to pour out his zealots
soul In the awful sentences of the
Psalmist's imprecation. >
** 'Let God arise and let his Inlmles d«
scattered; let them also that hate him
flee before him. like as the smoke van
lsheth. so shalt thou drive them away,
and like as the wax melteth at the fire,
so let the ungodl* perish at the presence
of God • • * T>r
XXXI.
IN' WHICH WE MAKE A FORCED
MARCH.
It could have been but little short of
midnight when we came down Into the
Great Trace near the ambush ground
where we had set our trap for the peace
men.
The night had cleared most beauti
fully, and overhead the stars were burn-
Ing like points of white fire In the black
dome of the heavens. As often happens
after a shower, the night shrtlilngs of
the forest were in fullest tide, and a
whlp-will*s-wldow. disturbed at our ap
proach, fluttered to a higher perch and
set up his plaintive protest.
' As our turning eastward on the trace,
the old hunter massed our little com
pany as compactly as the path allowed,
and giving us the word to follow cau
tiously, tossed his bridle rein to the
Catawba and went on ahead to feel out
the way.
This rearrangement set me to ride
abreast with Margery, and for the first
time since that fateful night in the up
per room at Appleby Hundred we were
together and measurably alone.
Since death might be lying In wait for
us at any turn In the winding bridle
path I had no mind to break the
strained- silence. But, womanlike, she
would not miss the chance to thrust at
me.
"Are you not aflre with shame. Cap
tain Ireton?" she said, bitterly, and then,
"How you must despise me!"
.* I knew not what she meant, but be
ing most anxious for her sarety. I begged
her not to talk, putting it all upon the
risk we ran In passing the outlet of the
sunken valley. Now, as you have long
since learned, my tongue was but a
skilless servant, and though I sought to
make the command the gentlest piea, she
took Instant umbrage and struck back
smartly. *
"You need not make the danger an ex
cuse. I will be still, and when I speak
to you again you will De willing enough
to hear me. I promise you!"
"Nay, then, dear lady, you must not
take It sol" I protested. "'Tls my mis
fortune to be ever blundering."
But to this she gave me no answer at
all. and barring a word or two of heart
ening to her serving woman, she never
opened her lips again throughout the
perilous passage. - . . *
By good hap we came to the crossing
of the cavern* ' stream without meeting
any foeman, and on the farther side of
the shallow ford we found the old bor
derer awaiting us.
"Ez I allow,. we've smelt the bait In
the trap and come off with whole bones,
like Shadrach, Mesbach and Abednego."
he said, mixing metaphor. Scripture
phrase and frontier Idiom as was his
wont. Then he put a leg over his horse
and gave the stirrup word: "From now'
on. old Jehu, the son o' Nlmshi. Is the
hoss-whipper we've got to beat. Get ye
behind. Cap'n John, and give the hoss
that lags a half -Inch 'r so or your sword
p'lnt."
Then and there began a night flight
long to be remembered. Down the val
ley of the swift river to the ford where
Ytates and I had crossed after the mock
rescue of. Margery the night before, we
let the horses pick the way as they
could. But once beyond the ford, where
the trace was wider and the footing less
' precarious we piled whip and spur. push-
Ing the saddle-beasts for every stride we
could get out of them in the blind race.
• I have marveled often that we came
not to grief In all this long night gallop
through the darkness. There was every
chano> for It. ~The overarching trees of
the great forest shut out all the star
light, and the trace was no more than
a bridle-path, rougher tf an any cart
road. Yet we held the breakneck pace
steadily, save 'for the time It took to
thread some steep defile to a stream
crossing or to scramble up its fellow on
Ing volley the Englishmen were ' thrown
into confusion; while the Indians, sum
moned by the firing and the shrilling of
the captain's whistle, dashed blindly Into
the trap. At the right moment Unca
noola touched' off his powder train and
cut in with a clear field for his rescue of
• Dick and me. . .
Of the complete success of these
various climaxlngs, Ephralm Yeates
had his first assurance , when we
three ' came safely to the rendez
vous; for. after firing his masked
battery, the old ' hunter lost no
time In rejoining the women and in has
tening with them out of the valley. Had
these. three been afoot we might have
overtaken them; but Yeates had been
lucky enough to stumble upon the black
mare peacefully cropping the grass In a
little glade; and with this mount for
Margery and her, tire- woman he had
easily 'outpaced us.
All this I had from Yeates what time
> Margery was pouring the wine and oil of
: womanly sympathy Into Richard's
•woundlngs; and I may confess that
while the ear was listening to the hun
ter's tale, the eye was taking ¦ note of
these her tender ministrations, ana the
heart was seulng them down to the
score of a great love which would not be
denied. ' 'Twas altogether as I would
have had it; and yet the thought came
unbidden that she might spare a niggard
moment and the breath to ask me how I
did. And because she would not, I do
think my burns smarted the crueler.
It was to have surcease of these extra
smartings that I turned my back upon
the trio under the flaring torch and took
up with Ephralm Yeates the pressing
question of the moment. r^
"As I take It, we may not linger here,"
I said. "Have you marked out a line of
retreat?" -• . ¦ \
The old borderer was busied with his
loot of the Indian camp— 'twas not In
his nature*! to come off empty-handed,
however hard pressed* he had . been for
time. In the raffle of it, guns and pis
tols, dressed skins and warrior finery, he
came upon my good blade and Richard's
great claymore — trophies claimed by the
head men of the Cherokees after our tak
ing, as we made no doubt.
"Found 'em hanging In the lodge that
usen to belong to the Great Bear," said
the hunter, and then with grim humor:
'"Lowed to keep 'em to ricollect ye* by
if so be ye was foreordained and predes
tinated to go up In a fiery chariot, like
the good old Elijah." The weapons dis
posed of, he made answer to my query.
"Ez for making tracks immejltly, if not
sooner, I allow there ain't no two notions
about that. , But I'm dad-daddled if I
know which-a-way to put out, Cap'n
John,- and that's the gospll fact."
"Why not strike for the Great Trace,
and so go back the way the powder con
voy came?" I asked.
It could be done, he said, but the haz
ard was great. 'Twas out of all reason
to hope that there were no survivors left
In the sunken valley to carry the news of
the earthquake massacre. That news
once cried abroad In the near-by Cowee
Towns, the entire Tuckasege nation
would turn out to. run us down.! More-
[ over,' the avengers would look to find us
In, the only practicable horse path lead
ing eastward. -
"Ez I'm telling you right now. Cap'n
. John, we made one more blunder In this
here onfall of our'n, owln' to our having
ne'er a seventh son of a seventh son
among us to look a little ways ahead.
Where we flashed In the pan was In not
making our rendyvoo down yonder
where you and Cap'n Dick got In. Ever*
last . t one of . 'em able to crawl is
a- making straight for that crlwls
dodge-hole right now. and lf-.we^was
I there we could do 'em like the Glleadltes
did tha men o' Ephralm at the passages
o* the Jordan." ¦
Fresh as I was from the torture fire. I
could not forbear a shudder at this old
man's savagery.
"Kill them In cold blood?" I would say.
"Anan?" he queried, as not under
standing my point of view; and I let the
matter rest. He was of those who slay
and spare not where an .enemy Is con
cerned.
But when we came to consider It
there seemed to be no alternative to the
eastward flitting by way of the Great
Trace. To the west and south there was
only the trackless wilderness; and to the
north no white settlement nearer than
that of the over-mountain folk on the
¦ Watauga. I asked If we might hope to
reach this. V
" 'Tls a long fifty, mile ez the crow
flies, over e'enabout the mountalnousest
patch <f land that ever laid out o" doors."
was the hunter's reply. "And there ain't
ne'er a deer track, ez I knows on, to p'lnt
the way."
"Then we must ride eastward and run
the risk of pursuit by the Tuckaseges,"
said I.
"Ez I reckon, that's about the long and
short of it. And I do everlastedly de-'
spise to make that poor little gal Jump
¦her hoss and rida sklmper-scamper
again, when she's been fair living a
horseback for a fortnight."
; "She will not fall you," I ventured to
say, adding: ."But Jennifer Is in poor
fettle for making speed." '
"It's ride or be skulped for him, and I
allow he'll ride," quoth the old hunter,
hastening his preparations for the start
"Reckon we can get him on a hoss right
now."
I went to see. Margery rose at my
approach, and even In the poor light I
could see her draw herself up as If she
would hold me at my proper distance.
"Your patient. Mistress Margery — vi
must mount and ride at once. Is he fit?"
"No.:*
"But we must be far to the eastward
' before daybreak." . .
"I # cannot help It If you make him
ride to-night you will finish what those
cruel savages began*. Captain Ireton."
"We have little choice — none. I should
say."
"Oh, yon . are bitter hard I" she cried,
though wherein my offending lay Just
then I was wholly at a loss to know.
" 'Tis your privilege to say. so," I re
joined. "But as for making Dick ride,
that will be but the kindest cruelty.. We
are. only a little way from the nearest
Indian towns, and If the daylight find
us'here— " v^C
\ "Spare, 1 me," : she broke In; and with
that she ,- turned shortly and - asked
• Ephralm Yeates to put her. In her saddle.
Richard ':¦) was , still In the fever
stupor, but. he v ' roused himself at
my urging- and let us set him upon
his best. - Once safe In the saddle, we
lashed him ¦ fast . like a prisoner, with a
forked tree branch at his back to hold
him erect. This last was the old hunter's
Invention and 'twas 'most Ingenious. The
forked limb. In shape like a Y, was set
astride the can tie, with the lower ends
thonged stoutly to Dick's legs and to the
girths. Thus the upright stem of the In
verted.Y became an easy back rest for
ears he fought loose from Che Indian and
flung himself down,' crying as if his heart
would break. ¦ . V
"O God ! she's lost! she's lost! And I
have missed the chance to die with her
or lor her!'.' ¦¦ ,. .
; CHAPTER XXX. .
HOW BPHRAIM YEATES PRAYED
v. FOR HIS ENEMIES. '. : '
. However much or '.little : the Catawba
understpod i,of Richard Jennifer's grief
or its cause, the faithful Indian had a
thing, to do and. he did It, loosing his
grasp . of to turn ; and j fall ; upon Dick
with pul!ings ' and haulings and 'buffet
ings, fit to bring a man alive out of a
very stiffening rigor of despair.
; So, i in ; a , hjEind-space "-, he i had him up,
and we were pressing on ¦ again. In mid
night • darkness - once we ' had passed be
yond ; the' light of our; grilling fires. No
word was spoken. Under the impatient
urging of the Indian there was little
breath to spare for ; speech. But when
Richard's afterthought had set its fangs
In him he . called a halt and would not
be denied.
VGo \ on, you two, ¦• If you are set upon
it," he said. "I : must go back. Bethink
you, Jack, what : if she should be only
maimed and not. killed outright. "Tls too
horrible^ I'm going back, I say." "-"'
The Catawba grunted his disgust.
,- "Captain Jennlf talk fas'; * no
run- , fas'. What think? "White
.squaw.*' yonder— no yonder," pointing
first forward arid then back in the direc
tion of the stricken camp. V
"Richard spun around and gripped the
Indian by the shoulders. : "Then she Is
«llve | and safe?" he burst out. "Speak,
friend, while I leave the breath In you
to do it!"
"Ugh!" said the chief, In nowise moved
either by Jennifer's violence or by the
dog-like shake. "What for Captain Jen
nif* think pappoose thinks 'bout the Gray
Wolf and poor Injun? Catch um white
squaw firs'; then blow urn up Chelakee
camp and catch um Captain Jennlf and
Captain Longknif e if . I can. Heap do
firs' thing firs', and las' thing las'. Wah!"
It was the longest speech this devoted
ally of | ours was ever known to make;
and having made It he went dumb again
save for his urglngs of us forward. But
presently both be and I had our hands
full with the poor lad. The swift transi
tion from despair to Joy proved too much
for .Dick; and. besides, the fever was .In
his blood and he was grievously burned.
So when we went stumbling on
through the cloud-darkened wood, locked
arm in arm like three drunken men. trip
ping over ' snares and bramble nets
spread for our feet, and getting well
sprinkled by the dripping foliage. And
at. the last, whe.n we reached the ravine
the valley's head, Dick was muttering
in the fever delirium and we were well
nigh carrying him a dead weight be
tween us.
'Twas a most heart-breaking business,
getting the poor lad up that rock ladder
of escape in the darkness; for though I
had come out of the fire with fewer
burns than the roasting of me warrant
ed, . the battle preceding it had opened the
old sword wound In my shoulder. So,
taking it all In all. I was but a short
breathed second to the faithful Catawba.
None the less, we tugged it through
after j some laborious . fashion, and were
glad enough when the steep ascent gave
place to leveler going, and we could sniff
the fragrance of the ' plateau pines and
feel their wire-like needles under foot,
By this the . shower cloud had passed
and , the stars were coming out, but It
-was still pitch black under the pines; so
dark that I started like a nervous wo
man and '.went | near to panlo .when a
: horse . snorted at ' my very ear, and a
'voice, bodiless/ as It seemed; said: • "Well,
now; the Lord be praised! If here ain't
the whole enduring-^
-What Ephralm Yeates would have
said, or did say, was lost upon me. For
now my poor Dick's strength was quite
spent, and when the chief and I were
easing him to lie at full length upon the
ground there was a quick little cry out
of the darkness, a swish of petticoats,
and my lady darted in to fall upon Rich
ard In a very transport of pity.
"Oh, my poor Dick! they have killed
you!" she sobbed; "oh, cruel, cruel!"
Then she lashed out at us. "Why don't
you strike a light? How can I find and
dress his hurts In the dark 7"
"Your pardon. Mistress Margery," *I
said; "'tis the fever has overcome him.
He has no sore* hurts, as I believe, save
the fire scorching."
"A light!" she commanded; "I must
have a light and see for myself." .
We had to humor her,- though It', was
' something against I prudence. Ephralm
found dry punk in a' rotten log, and fir
ing it with the flint and steel of a great
king's musket—one of his reavlngs from
the enemy — soon . had ' a- pine-knot torch
for her. She gave It over to the Cataw
ba to hold; and while she was cooing
over her patient and binding up his
burns In some simples gathered near at
hand by the Indian, I ' had the story of
the double rescue from the old hunter, j
Set forth, in brief, that which had
come as • a miracle to^ Dick and me fig
ured as a daring bit of -strategy made
possible by the emptying of the Indian
camp at our torture spectacle.
Yeates and the Catawba, following out
the plan agreed upon, had come within
spying distance while we were yet in the
midst of that hopeless back-to-back bat
tle, and had most wisely held aloof. But
later, wnen every Indian of the Cherokee
band was busy at our torture trees, they
set to .work.'"
With no watch to give the alarm,
'twas easy to rifle the Indian wigwams
of the firearms and ammunition. The
latter they threw ¦ Into the stream; the
muskets they loaded and trained over a
fallen tree at the northern edge of the
savanna, bringing them to bear point
blank upon the Ughthorsd guard gath
ered again around the great fire.
The next step was the cutting out of
the women; this was effected while the
baronet-captain was paying his courtesy
call on us. Like the looting of the In
dian camp, 'twas quickly planned and
"daringly done ; it asked but the quieting
of, the two trooper guards on * the * forest
side of the tepee lodge, a warning word
to Margery and her 'woman,' and a
shadow-like flitting with them over \ the
dead bodies of their late Jailers to the
shelter of the wood. "
Once . free of the camp, Yeates had
hurried his charges to a place of tempo
rary safety : farther up the valley, leav
ing the Catawba to cross the stream to
lay a train < of " dampened powder . to the
magazine. When he had led
the women to a place of safety, the old
man-left "them and ran back to his
masked battery of loaded muskets. Here,
• at ; an r owl-cry signal ;¦ from' Uncanoola, ; he
opened fire upon the redcoats.'
The 'outworking of the" coup - de main
was a triumph for; the old borderer's
shrewd generalship. At the death-deal-'
now," said I, hearing a groan from my
poor Dick.
His reply was a chattering curse, not
upon Falconnet or the Indians, but upon
his malady, the tertian fever.
"Now. by all the fiends! I'm chilling
again. Jack 1" he gasped. ' "If these cursed
wood-wolves mark it. they'll set It down
to woman cowardice and that .will break
my heart!"
Again I bade him be of good courage,
assuring him, riot derisively, as It looks
when 'tis written but, that the fire would
presently medicine the': chilling. In the
middle of the saying the lighted brand
was fetched and thrust among our fagot
ings, and the v upward-curling smoke
wreaths made ' me gasp and strangle at
the finish. ., '." /
Fora little time after the sucking in
of that first smoke-breath— -nature's ano
dyne for any one of her- poor creatures
doomed to die by flref-I saw and heard
less clearly and suffered only by antici
pation. But to. this day the smell of
burning pine wood is like a sleeping po
tion to me; and the sleep It brings is full
of dreams vaguely/troubled. ",
So, while the Indians danced and
leaped about us. brandishing their wea
pons and chanting the captives' death
song, and while the/blue and yellow
tongues of flame mounted from twig to
twig, climbing stealthily to flick at us
like little. vanishing demon whips, I saw
and heard and felt as one remote from
all the* torture, turmoil of the moment.
Through the dimming haze of sleeping
sensibility 5 the dancing savages became
as marionettes In some cunning puppet
show; and "the blood-satlned figures
stiffening against their log took shapes
less horrifying. *
'Twas Dick's voice, coming, as It
seemed, from a mighty, distance, that
broke the spell and : brought me back to
quickened agonies. He spoke in panting
gasps, aa the smoke would let him.
"One word. Jack, before we go — go to
our own place. He said — he said she
would be free to— to marry him. Tell
me • • .:.•' OGod in heaven f"
( His agony was a lash , to cut me deep
er than any flicking demon whip of flame,
yet I mutt needs add to it..
\ "Aye, Richard, I have wronged you,
wronged you* desperately; can you hear
mo yet? I say I have wronged you, and
I shall die the easier if you'll forgive — "
Once more the smoke, rising again In
denser ; clouds,: cut me off. and through
the blinding blue haze of it I saw the
Indians running up with green branches
to beat ft down lest it should spoil their
sport oversoon by smothering us out of
hand. f'^'Cfi '
. With the chance to gasp and breathe
again I would have confessed In full to
Richard Jennifer and had him shrive me
if he would. But when I /called, he did
not answer. His head was rolling from
side to side; and his handsome young
face was all drawn and distorted as in
the awful grimaces of the death throe.
You will not wonder that I could not
look at him; that I looked away for very
pity's sake, praying. that I might quickly
breathe the flames, as I made sure ha
had, and so be the sooner past the an
guish crisis. .
There was good j hope that the prayer
would have a speedy answer. The fires
were burning clearer now, leaping up in
broad dragons" tongues of -flames from
the ¦ outer . edges . of j the ' fagot V piles to
curtain off all that lay beyond.' Through
the luminous flame veil the capering say
fages took on shapes the most weird and
grotesque; and. when I had a glimpse of
the dead ' men's ' row, each j hideous | face
In it seemed to wear a grin of ' leering
triumph. " . . " ._¦-... ¦¦'.;.'
Thus far there had never been | a puff
of wind to fan the blaze. But now above
the shrilling of the Indian chant and the
crackling of the flames alow growl ol
thunder trembled In the upper air, and
a gentle breeze swept through the tree
tops. .
So now I would commend my soul to
God, making sure that . the breath he
gave would go out on the wings of the
first gust of wind that should come to
drive the fiery veil inward. But when
the gust. came It was from behind; a
sweeping besom to beat down the leap-
Ing dragons' tongues; a pouring flood ol
blessed coolness to turn the ebbing life
tide and to set the dulled senses once
more keenly. alert.
With the wind came the rain, a pass
ing summer night's shower of great
drops spattering on the leaves above and
dripping thence to fall hissing In tha
fires. Then the thunder growled again;
and into the monotonous droning of the
Indian chant, or rather rising sharp
and clear above It, came a sudden
rattling ttre of musketry from the camp
In the savanna — this, and . the sharp
skirling of the troop captain's whistle
Bhrilllng the assembly.
While the flames' lay flattened in the
wind. I saw the Indians wheel and bound
away to the rescue of their camp like a
pack of hounds in full cry. In a trice
they were wallowing through the stream
at the foot of the powder boulder; and
then.' as the flames leaped up again, a
dark form burst through the flery bar
rier, my bonds were cut. and a strong
hand plucked me out of the scorching
bell pit.
If I did aught to help It was all me
chanical. I do remember dimly some
fierce struggle to free my legs from the
blazing: tangle; this, . and the swelling
sob of Joy at the sight of the faithful
Catawba hacking. at Dick's : lashings and
dragging h,im also free of the fire. And
you may believe the welcome tears came
to ease. the pain of my seared eyes when
my poor lad— I had thought him gone
past human help— took ' two; staggering
steps and flung his arms about my neck.
Uncanoola gave us no, time to come by
easy stages to full-wit sanity. - In a
twinkling he had pounced upon us to
crush us one upon the other behind the
larger tree. And now I come upon an
other of those flitting instants so crowd
ed with happenings that the swiftest pen
must seem to make them lag.. 'Twas all
In a heart beat, as It were; the Catawba'H
freeing of us; bis flinging us to earth
behind the tree; a spurt of blinding yel
low flame f rpm the foot of the powder
cliff and a booming/ Jarring shock like
that of an earthquake.
• The momentary • glare of the yellow
flash lit up a scene most awe-inspiring.
The epoutlngr fountain of fire at the base
of the great r : powder i rock was thick
with flying missiles; and on high the very
cliff itself was tottering and ¦ crumbling.
So much I saw; then the Catawba sprang;
up to haul us afoot by main: strength,
and to i rush us, with an arm for. each,
headlong ; through the wood toward the
valley, head.
I . But Dick hung back, and when the dull
thunder .; of the '- falling rocks,' the . crash
of the tumbling cliff and the shrill death
yells of the doomed ones came to our
saw It leave the thrower's hand; saw it
coming straight, -as I would think. ¦ to
split my skulL The prompting to dodge
was well-nigh masterrul enough to over
ride the strongest will. Yet I did make
shift to hold fast, and In mid flight the
twirling ax veered aside to miss me by
a halrsbreadth, gashing the tree at my
ear when It struck.
"Bravo! well met!" cried Richard; and
then, betwixt his teem: "Here comes
mine."
As he spoke a second tomahawk was
sped. I heard it strike with a dull crash
that might have been on flesh and bone,
or on oak bark — I could not telL I dared
not look aside till Richard's taunting
laugh gave me leave to breathe again.
The Indians answered the laugh with
a yell; and now the marksmen stood out
quickly ene after another " and for
a little space the air was full . of
hurtling missiles. You fill read in the
romances of the wondrous skill of these
savages in such diversions as these; how
they will pin the victim to a tree and
never miss of sticking knife or hatchet
within the thickness of the blade where
they will. But you must take these tales
with a dash of allowance for the j ro
mancer's fancy. Truly, these Indiana of
ours threw well and skillfully; 'tis a
part of the only trade they know— the
trade of war — to send a weapon true to
the mark. None the less, some of the
missiles flew wide; and now and then
one would nip the cloth of sleeve or body
covering-^-and the flesh beneath it, as
well. ' :
Dick had more of the nlppings than I;
and though he kept up a running fire of
taunts and -gibing flings at the marks
men. I could hear the gritting oaths
aside when they pinked him.
Notwithstanding, the worst of these
miscasts fell to my lot. A hatchet, sped
by the clumsiest hand of all. missed its
curving, turned, and the helve of It
struck me fair In the stomach. Not all
the parting pangs of death, as I fondly
believe, will lay a heavier toll on forti
tude than did this grlplng-stroke which
I must endure standing erect. "Tis no
figure ot speech to say that I would have
gi\|n tha reversion of heaven, and a
crown to boot, for leave to double over
and groan out the agony of It. *
Happily for us, there were no women
with the band, so we were spared the
crueler refinements of these ante-burning
torments; the flaying alive by inch-bits,
and the sticking of blazing splints of
pitch wood in the flesh to make death a
thing to be prayed for. There was
naught of this; and tiring finally of the
marksman play, the Indians made ready
to burn us. Some ran to recover the
spent weapons; others made haste to
heap .the wood in a broad circle about
our trees; and the chief, with three or
four to help, renewed . the deer-thong
lashings.
•Twas In the reblndlng that this head
man, a right kingly looking savage as
these barbarians go, thrust a bit of pa
per Into my hand, and gave me time to
glance Its message out by the light of
the fire. 'Twas a line from Margery;
and this is what she said:
"Dear Heart: Though you must needs
believe my love Is pledged to your good
friend and mine, 'tls yours, and yours
alone, my lion-hearted one. I am pray
ing the good God to give you dying
grace, and me the courage to follow you
quickly. MARGERY.
"This by the hand of Tallachama."
For one brief Instant a wave of Joy
caught and flung me upon Its highest
crest, and all these savage tormentors
could do to me became as naught. Then
the true meaning of this her brave Ave
atque vale smote me like a space-flung
meteor, and the Joy-wave became an
ocean of. despair to engulf me In
Its blackest depths. The letter
was never meant for me; 'twas
for Richard Jennifer, who, as she
would think, must know tn"e story of her
marriage to his friend and must believe
her love went with the giving of her
hand. And she named him LJon Heart
because he was brave and true and
strong, like that first English Richard of
the kingly line.
I thrust the message back upon the
bearer of it, begging him in dumb show
to, give it quickly to my companion. I
knew not at the time if he did it, being
so crushed and blinded by this fresh mis
ery. But when the Indians drew off to
ring us In a chanting circle for the final
act, I would not let - the lad see my face
for fear he might fathom the heart
break In- me and know the cause of it.
. 'Twas at this crisis, when all was ready
and one had run to fetch the fire, that
I heard a smothered oath from Dick and
saw the Indian who was coming up to
fire the wood heaps drop his brand and
tread upon It.
"Ecod." said a voice, courtier-llke and
smoothly modulated. " 'Tls most devilish
lucky I came. Captain Ireton. Another
moment and they would have grilled, you
In the King's uniform— a rank treason,
to say naught of poor Jack Warden, left
without a clout to cover him."/
It needed not the glance aside to name
mine enemy. But I would not pleasure
him with an answer. Neither would
Richard Jennifer. He stood silent for a
little space, smiling and nursing his chin
in one hand, at his habit was. Then he
epoke again.
"I came to bid you godspeed, gentle
men. You tumbled bravely into my lit
tle trap. I made no doubt you'd follow
where the lady led, and so you did. But
you'll turn back from this. I do assure
you, if there be any virtue in an Indian
barbecue."
At this Richard could hold In no longer.
"Curse you!" he gritted. "Do you mean
that you kidnapped Mistress Stair to
draw u« out of hiding?"
"Truly," said this arch fiend, smiling
again. "Most unluckily for you, you
/both stood in my way— you see I am
speaking of It now as a thing of the past
—and I chanced upon this thought of
kllllng'two birds with the one stone; nay,
three, I should say. If you . count the
lady In."
"Have done!" choked Richard, in a
voice thick with Impotent rage. "Give
place, you hound, and let your savages
to their work}"
"At your pleasure, Mr. Jennifer. I
have no fancy for funeral-baked meats,
net or cold, though they be made, as
now, to furnish forth a marriage sup
per. I bid you good night, gentlemen.
I'll go and make that call upon the lady
which' you were bo ruda as to Interrupt
a little while ago." And with that he
turned his back upon us and strode
away, forgetting to tell his redskinned
myrmidons to strip me of that King's
uniform he was so loath to have me
burned In. .
The Cherokees waited until the master
executioner was out of. sight among the
trees. Then they set up their " infernal,
howling again, and . the fire-lighter ran
to fetch a fresh brand.
"Courage, lad! 'twill soon be ever
meadow, other savages wer« hurrying to
Join the wood carriers.
So far aa these hasting preliminaries
applied to me, their meaning was not
difficult to read. I was to be burned at
the stake In proper savage fashion. But
Richard Jennifer — what had become of
him? A. sound, half sigh, half groan,
told me where to look. Hard by. bound
to a tree as I was. and so near that with
a free hand I could have touched him.
was my poor lad.
"Dick!" I cried.
He turned his head as the dose-drawn
thongs permitted and gave me a smile as
loving- tender as a woman's.
"Aye, Jack; they have us hard and
fast this time. I have been praying
you'd never come alive enough to feel
the fire."
"We were taken together?" So much
I dared ask. ..•¦?." '-. : .;
"In the same onset Twas but a ques
tion of clock ticks In that back-to-back
business. But they paid scot and lot,"
this with an Inching nod toward a row
of naked bodies propped sitting against
a fallen tree; nine of them in all. one
with Its severed head between Its knees,
and three others showing the gaping
hacks and hewlngs of the great broad
sword.
-They've fetched them here to see u«
burn." he went on. "But by the gods, we
have the warrant of two good blades and
Ephralm Teates* hunting knife that the
only flres they'll ever see are those of
belL"
Teates?" I queried. "Then they have
taken him and the Catawba, as well?"
"Not alive, you may be sure, else we
should have them for company. But It
has a black look for our friends that the
flying column we met In the stream
cave came back so soon. More
over, the bodies of the three
peace-pipe smokers were found and
brought In; that will be the Qreat Bear
holding his head in his hands at the end
of yonder bloody masquerade."
"I guessed as much. God rest our pool
comrades!"
"Aye; and God help Madge! "Tls xw
time for reoroache*. but among us we
have signed her death warrant with out
bungllngs."
"If it were only death!" I groaned.
" 'Tls Just that. Jack," said he; "nc
better, mayhap, but no worse. When w«
were downed by that screeching moS sh«
we* out and on her knees to Falconnet,
beseeching him to spare us. He put hei
on" smoothly at first, saying 'twas th«
Indians' affair— that they would not b«
balked of their vengeance by any Inter
ference of his. But when Bhe only beg
ged the more piteously he showed hit
true colors, rapping out tnat we should
1 have as swift a quittance as we had
meant to give him, and tEat within th*
hour she should be the mistress of Ap
pleby and free to marry an English gen
tleman."
"Well?" said I, making buts that now
at last he must know all.
"At that *he stood before him brave
ly, and 1 saw that all the time she hat!
had the Catawba's knife hidden in the
folds of her gown. 'You have spoker
truth for once. Captain Falconnet; I shal!
1 be free, 1 she added. 'Come and tell mt
when you have added these to your othei
murders."
"And then?"
"Then she went bade to her prison wig
wam, walking through the rabble of red
coats and redskins as proud as the Scot
tish Mary went to the block."
'She will do it, think you?" I queried,
fearful that she would, but more fearful
lest her courage should fall at the pinch.
"Never doubt It. Good Catholic as she
is, there Is martyr blood in her on bei
mother's side, and that will help her to
die unsullied. And God nerve her to It,
say L M
I paid "Amen" to that; and thereupon
we both fell client, watching as con
demned men on the gallows the bus}
preparations for our taking off.
Again, as In the late battle. It was th«
trivial things that moved me most. Chle]
among them the grinning row of dead
Indians propped against the fallen tree
In the constant background for all the
memory pictures of that waiting Interval,
and I can see those stiffening corpses
new, some erect, as If defying us;, some
lopping this way or that; as if theii
bones had gone to water at the touct
of the steel.
I know not why these poor relics ol
mortality should have held me fascinated
as they did. Yet when I would looli
away, through the vista to where th<
light of the great fire in the savanna
camp played luridly upon the Indian
lodges, or, nearer at hand, upon the sav
ages gathering the wood to burn us
with, this ghastly file of the dead
drew me Irresistibly, and I must
needs pass the fearsome figures
in review again, marking the star
ing eyes and unnatural postures, and the
circular blood-black patches on the heads
of the three peacemen whom Yeates and
the Catawba bad scalped.
While they were making ready for the
burning, our executioners were strangely
silent; but when the work was done they
formed In a semicircle to front the row
of corpses and set up a howling chant
that would have put a band of Moham
medan dervishes to the blush.
"'Tls the death song' for the slain,"
said Richard; and while It lasted, this
moving tableau of naked figures, keep-
Ing time In a weird stamping dance to
the rising and falling ululation of the
chant, held us spellbound.
But we" were not long suffered to be
mere curious onlooffera. In Its dlsmalest
flight the death song ended .In a shrill
hubbub, and the dancers turned as one
man to face us.
I hope it may never be your lot. my
dears,'. to, meet and endure such a horrid
glare * of -human ferocity as that these
?wrought up avengers of blood bent upon
us. "T was more unnerving than aught
that had' gone before; more terrible, I
thought, than aught that could come
after. Yet. • as to this, yon shall Judge
lor '¦ yourselves. -
.-. The' pause was brief, and when a lad
ran up to cut. the thongs that bound us
from the middle up, the torture play be
gan In dVadly earnest. While the In
dian youth was slashing at the deerskin,
Richard "gave me my cue.
"'Tls the knife and hatchet play; they
are loosing us to give us .freedom to
shrink and dodge. Look straight before
and never flinch a hair, as you would
keep the life In you one minute to the
next!"
"Trust me," said L "We must eke It
out aa x long as we can to give our dear
lady time for another prayer or two.
Mayhap she will name us In them; God
knows, our need Is sore enough."
The lad ran back, and a warrior stood
out. Juggling his tomahawk In air. He
made a feint to cast it at Richard, but
Instead sent it whizzing at me.
That first missile was harder to face
unflinching than were all the others. ITHE FIJNDAY C AIjIj.
(Concluded Next Sunday.)
since morning dubiously lost in the som
ber trackless forest, when an elflsfi cry
rose, as it would seem, from beneath the
very hoofs of my horse,
"God save the king!"
The bay shied suddenly, standing with
nostrils a-qulver; and I had to look
closely to make out the little brown dot
of humanity, clad In russet homespun,
crouching in the path, lta childish eyes
wide with fear and its lips parted to
shrill again: "God save the king!"
I threw a stiff leg over the cantle and
swung down to go on one knee to my
stout challenger. I can never make you
understand, my dears, how the s»ght of
this helpless waif appearing thur unac
countably in the heart of the great for
est mellowed and softened me. 'Twas a
little maid, not above three or four years
old,/ and with a face that Master Ra
phael-might have taken as a pattern for
one of < his seraphs.
"What know you of the king-, little
one?" I asked. —
"Gran'dad told me." she. lisped. "If I
was to see a soldier-man I must say.
quick,' 'God save the king.' or 'haps he'd
eat me. Is — is you hungry, Mister Sol
dier-man?"
"Truly I am that sweetheart: but I
don't eat little maids. Where is your
grandfather?"
. "Ain't got any gran'favver; I said
'gran'dad'."
"Well, your gran'dad, then; can you
take me to him?"
"I don't know. 'Haps you'd eat him."
"No fear of that, my dear. Do I look
as if I ate people 7*
She gave me a long scrutiny out of
the innocent eyes and then put up two
little brown hands to be taken. "I tired."
she said; and my sore heart went warm
within me when I took her in my arms
and cuddled her. After a long-drawn
sigh of contentment, she said: "My
name Polly; what's yours?"
"You may call me Jack. If you please—
Captain Jack, if that comes the easier.
And now will you let me take you to
your gran'dad 7*
She nodded, and I spoke to the bay and
mounted, still holding her closely in my
arms.
"Tell me quickly which way to go,
P.olly," I said; for besides being, as I
would fear, far out of the way to Gilbert
Town, the last hilltop to the rear had
given me another sight of my shadowing'
pursuers riding hard as if they meant to
overtake me. x
The little maid sat up straight on the
saddle horn and looked about her as If to
get her bearings.
"That way." she said, pointing short to
the right; and I wheeled the horse into a
blind path that wound in and out among
the trees for a long half mile, to end at
a little clearing on the banks of a small
stream.
In the midst of the clearing was a
rude log cabin; and in the open doorway
stood a man bent and aged, a patriarchal
figure with white hair falling to his
shoulders and a snowy beard i«uch as
Aaron might have worn. At sight of me
the old watcher disappeared within the
house, but a moment later he was out
again, fingering the lock of an ancient
Queen's-arm.
I drew rein quickly, and the little maid
sat up and saw the musket
' "Don't shoot, gran'dad!" she cried
"He's Captain Jack, and he doesn't eat
folks es."
At this th« old man came to meet us,
though still with the clumsy musket held
at the ready.
•These be parlous times, sir," he said
half in apology, I thought And then:
"You have made friends with my little
maid, and I owe you somewhat for
bringing her safe home."
"Nay." said I; "the debt is mine, in
asmuch as I have the little on« for my
friend. 'Tis long since I hav« held a
trusting child in my arms, I do assure
you, sir."
He bowed as grandly as any courtier.
"I hope he* trust is not misplaced, sir;
though for the matter of that we have
little enough now to take or leave."
"You have given It all to the Klng7'
said I, feeling my way as I had need to-.
that I might have a chance to exchange
a word with my dear lady; might ask
her forgiveness, or, failing so much
grace of her,*, might "at least have an
other sight of her sweet face.
But even this poor boon was denied
nw. I was scarce out of the saddle when
an aide came to conduct me to the gen
eral, and I saw no one in the house save
my lord himself.
As you would guess, ray instructions
conformed exactly to the plan outlined
by Lord Cornwallis in the council. I was
intrusted with a sealed packet for deliv
ery to Major Ferguson, and. for safety's
sake, as my lord explained. I was given
the meat of. the message to deliver ver
bally should the need arise. Ferguson
was to be ordered to come In instantly
by forced marches, If necessary, and he
was on no account to risk a battle with
the over-mountain men.
You may be sure, my desrrs, that I
scarce drew breath till I was ahorse and
out of the to»n and galloping hard on
the road to that ford of Master Mac
gowan's which afterward became famous
in -our history under the misspelling
"Cowan's Ford." 'Twas too good to be
true, that I should be thrust thus into
the very gaping mouthNof opportunity,
and now and again I would feel the
packet buttoned tight beneath my hussar
Jacket to mako sure 'twas not a dream
to vanish at a touch.
.In- the mad Joy of it the spirit of
prophecy came upon me, and I saw as if
the thing were done, how at last I held
the fate of the patriot cause. In all our
west country in the hollow >qf my hand.
CHAPTER XXXVII.
OF WHAT BEFELL AT KING'S CREEK.
Skipping lightly over the happenings
of the two days following my departure
from | Charlotte on the king's errand, I
may say that after passing the, British
outposts at the crossing of the Catawba,
I met neither friend nor foe and -from
noon on I rode, to the westward through
a pitiless, drizzling rain, splashed to the
belt with the mire of the road, and hav
ing little chance to Inquire my way.
This last lack grew with the pawing
hours to the size of a threatening hazard.
As -you may have guessed. I knew no
more than a blind man the route 1
should take; knew no more of the"where
abouts of Gilbert Town and Major Fer
guson's rendezvous than that both were
some eighty miles to the westward.
At the outset I had thought to feel out
the way in general by cautious inquiry
along the road; but when I came to con
sider of this, the risk of betraying my
ignorance to those who followed me was
too great to let me turn aside to any of
the wayside houses; and as for chance
passers-by, there were none — the rain
kept all within doors.
So I was constrained to gallop on
without pause; and throughout that com
fortless afternoon and the scarce less
mtserable day which followed there were
no Incidents' to break the dull monotony
of the blind', race save these two; that
once the clouds lifted enough to give me
a glimpse of my pursuers in a far reach
to the eastward; and once again I had a
sight of an awkward horseman in the
road before me — saw him and tried to
overtake him. and could not. for all his
clumsy riding.
Now I was curious about this lone
horseman ahead for more reasons than
one. but chiefly because my glimpse of
him seemed to show me the back of a
man whom I made sure I had left safe
behind In the British guardhouse in
Charlotte, to wit, the scoundrelly little
pettifogger.
At first I scoffed the Idea. Saying he
were free to leave Charlotte, how should
he be riding post on my haphazard road
to the westward? 'Twas against all rea
son, and yet the tittuping figure of
which I- had but a rain- veiled glimpse
named Itself Owen Pengarvin in spite of
all the reasons I could bring to bear.
'Twas close on eventide of the second
day. the early evening gloaming of a
chill autumnal rain-day, and I had been
ent ¦ In the meantime in this matter of
reaching Ferguson we may make good
use of him."
"In what manner, . your lordship?"
asked one whose voice I did not recog
nize. .' .,' .-¦'' . .
"He has come straight from Major
Ferguson, as I say; and. loyalist or rebel,
he can flnd his way back to Gilbert
Town." • *
"But you'll never: be trusting him with
dispatches!" said Lord Rawdon. j
"There's no need to, trust him. He can
be given the dispatches i with some hint
of their purport, : and of how much the
klng?s cause. will profit by their safe de
livery." . " '
Again a silence fell upon the group
around the lawyers' table, and then some
one — 'twas Major Hanger, as I thought —
said: "'Tis an unread riddle for me as
yet, my lord." I ; ';'-¦'/ •, 1 .,
Cornwallis laughed. "Where are your
wits this morning, gentlemen? If he be
loyal, and true, the 'dispatches will go
safe enough. If, on the other hand, he
be a rebel and a spy, he will doubtless
tamper with them; but In that case he
will none the less ride straight enough
to Major Ferguson's 1 headquarters in the
west." ""."•• • '•¦ ¦
"H'm; your lordship is still too deep
for me." said Tarleton's second in com
mand. "If he be a rebel and a spy. why,
in God's name. 'Bhould he carry your
lordship's letters to any but some rag
tag colonel of his own kidney?"
My lord laughed again. "Truly, major,
you should go to a dame's school and
learn diplomacy. If we' tell him before
hand what our object is, how could any
rebel of them all defeat it more surely
than by going to Ferguson with a gar
bled message that would make him stand
and fight a losing battle?" ;
"But, my lord — the risk!" cut in the
commissary general.
"There need be none. An. hour after he
sets out we shall send "a mounted detail
after him with an Indian tracker to nose
out his trail. The lieutenant In command
will carry duplicate dispatches. At the
worst, Ireton will guide these followers
to Ferguson's rendezvous; and. so far as
we know, he is the only man who knows
exactly where to find the major."
I had heard enough. Under cover of
the chorus of bravos raised" by Lord
Cornwallis' explication of a plot within
a plot, I lifted the, trap' door and made
my exit as noiselessly as I had come.
Guessing that no time would be lost in
putting the plan into -action, I made
haste to be found inquiring hither and
yon for the commander in chief when my
lord and his suite came down the outer
stair; and when we were met I was
quickly told of my assignment to courier
duty. . . .
"Make your preparations to take the
road within the hour, and report to me at
Friend Stair's," said my lord,, most affa
bly. ."We shall put your new-found loy- .
alty to the test. Cap tain\ Ireton, by in
trusting you with a most important mis
sion. Go with the commissary general
and he will find you your mount and
equipment"
Thus dismissed, I went with Stedman,
and was accorded a more gentlemanly
welcome than my , . overhearings had
given- me leave to expect.
On the way, to the horse paddock the
commissary general told me' of a plan of
his to write a history of the campaign; a
bit of confidence, which set me laughing
inwardly and. wondering if he would put
one John Ireton, sometime of the Scots
Blues and late . captain in her Apostolic
Majesty's Hussars, between the covers
of his book'. 'Tis small wonder that he
did not.'; I have ajnee had the pleasure of
readlng%his history of the great war, and
I flnd it curiously lacking in those.inci
dents which did not redound to the honor
and glory of the king's cause and army
in the field. : ..
Not to digress, however, my makeshift
mount. was soon exchanged for a better;
I was allowed to draw what I would of
accouterments and provender from the
king's stores; and so. to cut it short. I
was presently, at the door of my lord's
headquarters fully equipped and ready
for the road.
-I did hope in those last few moments
ton " she said coldly and then with still
more of the frost of unwelcome in her
voice: "To what may we be Indebted for
this honor?" lA " J . '
Now, chilling a« these words were,
they thrilled me to sny finger-tips, for
they were the first shjs had spoken to me
since the night of ray In the
black gorge of the faf-oft! western moun
tains. None the less: they were blankly
unanswerable, and hjtd the v door been
open I should doubtless have vanished as
I had come. Of all *he houses In the
town this was surely the last I should
have run to for refuse had I known the
name of its master, and it was some up
flashing of this thought that helped me
flnd my tongue. r
."I never guessed this was your-fath
er's house," I stammered, bowing low to
match her curtsy. > "I beg you will par
don me and let me go as I came." ,
She laid a hand on the door-knob. ."Is
— is there any one here whom you would
see?" she asked; and "now her .eyes did
not meet mine, and ;I -would think the
chill had melted a little.
"No. I was begging a night's lodging
of a friend whose house is full. . He sent
me here with a note to — ah — to your
father, as I suppose, though in his haste
he did not mention tl)e name." $
She held out her hand. "Give me the
letter." . -/¦•-..
"Nay." said I; "tl. at would be but
thankless work. Knowing me, 1 your
father must needs conceive It his duty
to denounce me." V •.
"Give it me!" she Insisted: this with
an impatient little stamp of the foot and
an upglance of the compelling eyes that
would have constrained me to do a far
fool isher thing had fi-he asked it.
... , So I gave her thi letter and stood
aside, hat In hand, 'while she .read it
There were candles \h their sconces. over
the mantel and she moved nearer to have
the better light. Then suddenlyvthe
beautiful eyes were- alight and warm
and pleading eloquent.
"Oh, why did you' come? Are you —
are you what they" said you were?"'
"A spy? If I am you would- scarce
expect me to confess it even to you."
"'Tis dishonorable — most - dishonor
able!" she cried. "I could respect a brave
soldier enemy; but a spy — "
There was a clattering of hoofs In. the
street and a jingle of sword-scabbards
in the doorstone. I Wheeled to face the
newcomers, determined now to front' it
boldly as a desperate man at bay. But
before the fumbling hands without could
find the door-knob Margery was beside
me, all aflutter in a trembling* fit. of ex
citement.
"Up the stair quickly, pour l'amour de
Dleu! The town is agog with news of
your coming." she whispered, and we
were at the clock landing when the great
door opened and some half dozen king's
officers came in. On the moment I be
held the skulking black figure of the lit
tle pettifogging lawyer and made after
him, but he vanished in the darkness,
leaving me face to fact at an open door
that held my Lord Cornwallis himself.
Ho knew me at a glance.
"Ah. Captain Ireton, 'tis you. is It? We
are well met at last They told me you
were gone to Join the rebels, did they
not'"
Here was an opening for a bold matv
and I took it. A He Is a He be it spoken*
in never mo good a cause, and with my
Lady Madge hating me for It I took it
and, wonder of wonders, concluded my
story to the tune of an appointment to
no less than my lord's personal staff.
An hour later when I again sought
Margery where I was now quartered a3
an honored Austrian officer and where I
had thought to find but an Insecure hid
ing place, she left me in a fury, and I
in hot resentment of her behavior must
(\RPh forth in reckless disregard of the
danger that still lurked about me. I
would take a soldier's chance to acquit
myself or forfeit all else I held dear.
In the market place I heard news of a
star chamber meeting of my Lord Corn
wallis and his staff. Here -was my
chance, if I could but strike one good
blow for the cause.
The old courthouse of. our ; greater.
Mecklenburg- was such [ as some .of you'
may remember; a stout wooden building
raised upon brick pillars to leave a story,
underneath. In the time of the British
occupation this lower story served as a
market house and the public entrance to
the courtroom above was reached -by
steps on the outside. In my boyhood days
this outer stair was the only, one; but
now in wandering aimlessly through the
market place beneath I found another
flight in a corner; the "jury stair,"- they
called it, since it provided the means of,
egress from the Jury box above.
.: The sight of this • Inner stair set me
plotting. Could I make use of it to
come unseen into the council chamber of
Lord Cornwallis and his officers?
The market place was well thronged
with venders and soldier buyers, the pa
triotic Mecklenburgers were not averse
to the turning of an honest penny upon
the needs of their oppressors, as it
seemed. I watched my ohance, and when
there were no prying eyes tq mark it
made the dash up the steps. ;
Happily for the success of the adven
ture there was an angle in the narrow
stair to hide me while I lifted the trap
door in the courtroom floor a scant half
inch and got my bearings. As I had
hoped, the trap opened behind the Jury
box, and I was able to raise it cautiously
and so to draw myself up into the room
above, unseen and unheard.
A peep around the corner of the hig
jury stalls showed me my lord and his
suite gathered about the lawyers' table
.in front of the bar. Of the staff I recog
nized only Stedman, the commissary gen
eral; Tarleton, looking somewhat the
worse for his late illness; Major Hanger,
his -second in command, and the young
Irishman, Lord Rawdon. I
At the moment of my espial, Cornwal
lis was speaking and I drew back to Its
ten, well enough content to be in ear
shot. For if my good angel had timed
my coming I could not have arrived at a
more opportune moment
"What we have to consider, now is how
best to reach Ferguson with an express
Instantly," his lordship was saying.
' Thi : rising of the over-mountain men
is likely to prove a serious matter — not
only for the major, but for the king's
cause in the two provinces. Lacking
posiuve orders to the contrary, Ferguson
will fight — we all know, that; and if he
should be defeated 'twill hopelessly undo
his work among the border loyalists and
set us back another twelvemonth." '
"Then your lordship will order him to
come in with what he has?" said a voice
which I knew for Colonel Tarleton's.
"Instanter, had I a sure man to send."
"Pshaw 1 I can flnd you a hundred
among/ the late royalist recruits."
'Twas young Lord Rawdon who aald
this. V ; •
."Damn them!" said. his lordship short
ly; "I would sooner trust this new aid of
mine. He comes straight from the > ma
jor and can flnd. his way back again."
• • Tarleton laughed. "I fear we shall
never agree upon him,- my lord. I know
not how he has made his peace with you,
but I do assure you he is as great a ras
cal as ever went unhung. 'Tis true, as
you say, I did not *, go into the particu
lars; but , were Captain Stuart or Sir
Francis Falconnet here, either of them
would convince your lordship In a twink
ling." , ;.. ; v • • . . ••. :•, - : ;
- There . was ; silence for : a little space
following the colonel's denunciation
of me, and then my,, lord broke it to
say: "I may not be as credulous as you
think, j colonel. : Rebel .spy, or } true-blue
loyalist, he Is safe enough for the pres-
had me fast gripped by the arms, whilst
a third made sure of the horre.
"A dispatch rider," said the vilKger of
the two who pinioned me. "Seaich him.
Martin, lad, whilst I hold him; then we'll
pay him out for Tarleton's hanging of
poor Sandy McOuire."
I held my 'peace and let them search,
taking the threat for a bit of soldier
bullyragging meant to keep me quiet.
But when they had turned the pockets
of my. borrowed ; coat inside out and
ripped the lining and made it other
wise as much the worse for thi'lr mis
handling as it was for wear, the third
man fetched a rope.
"Did you mean that, friend?— about
the hanging?" I asked, wondering If this
should be my loophole of escape from
the life grown hateful.
"Sure enough," Bald - the bi« man,
coolly. "You'd besfbe saying your pray
ers." ¦
I laughed. "Were you wearing my
coat and I yours, you might hang me
and welcome; in truth, you may an it is.
Which tree will you have me at?"
The man stared at me as at one de
mented. Then he burst out in a ituffaw.
"Damme, if you bean't a cool plucked
one! I've a mind to .take you to the
colonel."
"Don't do it. my friend. Though I am
something loth to be snuffed out by the
men of my own side, we need not haggle
over the niceties. Point out yom tree."
"No, by ,God! you're too willing.
What's at the back of all this?"
"Nothing save a decent reluctance to
spoil your sport. Have at it, man, and
let's be done with It"
"Xot If you beg me on your knees.
You'll go to the colonel, I say. and he
may hang you if he sees fit You must
be a most damnable villain to want to
die by the first rope you lay eyes on."
"That is as may be. Who is your
colonel?"
"Nay. rather, who are you?"
I gave my name and circumstance and
was loosed of the hand-grip, thoup.ti the
third xpan dropped the cord and stepped
back to hold me covered with his rifle.
"An Ireton, you say? Not little Jock,
surely!"
"No, big Jock; big enough to lay you
on your back, though you have a hand
as thick as a ham."
He Ignored the ohallenge and stuck to
his text "I never thought to see the son
of old Mad-bull Rodger wearing a red
coat," he said.
"That Is nothing. Many as good a"
Whig as I am has been forced to wear
a red coat ere t^ls, or go barebacked.
But why don't you knot the halter? In
common Justice you should either hang
me or feed me. 'Tis hard upon nooi,, and
I breakfasted early."
"Fall in!", said the big man: and so
I was marched quickly aside from the
road and into the denser thicket) ng of
the wood. -Here my captors blindfolded
me, and after spinning me around to
make me lose the compass points, hur
ried, me away to their encampment,
which was inland from the stream,
tbough not far, for I could still hear, the
dlstance-mlnlshed splashing oi the
water.
When the kerchief was pulled from my
eyes I was standing In the midst of a
mounted riflemen's halt-camp, face to
face with a young officer wearing the
uniform of the colonelcy In the North
Carolina home troops. He was a hand
some young fellow, with curling hair and
trim side whiskers to frame a facfe fine
lined and eager— the face of a gentleman
well born and well bred.
"Captain Ireton?" he said; by which I
guessed that one of my captors h?.d, run
on ahead to make report /.' \ ;,
"The same." .1 replied.
"And you are the son of Mr. Justice
Roger Ireton of Appleby Hundred?"
"I have that honor." /
He gave me his hand most cordially.
"You are verv welcome, captain; Davie
is mv name. I trust we may come to
know each other better. You ar« in dis
guise, as I take it; do you bring news of
the army?" , .
"On the contrary, I am thirsting for
news," I rejoined. "I and three others
have but now returned from pursuing a
British and Indian powder convoy into
the mountains to the westward. We
have been out five weeks and more.
He looked at me curiously. "You and
three others?" he queried. "Come apart
and tell me about it whilst Poihpey is
broiling the venison. I scent v whole
Iliad in that word of yours, captain Ire
ton." J 0
"One thing first, if you please. Colonel
Davie," I begged. "My companions are
faring forward on the road to Queens
borough. They know naught of my de
tention. Will you send a. man to over
take them with a note from meT
The colonel indulged, me in the most
gentlemanly manner and when^my note
to Jennifer was dispatched we sat to
gether at the roots of a great oak and
I told him all that had befallen our lit
tle rescue party. , He heard me through
patiently, and when the tale was ended
was good enough to say that I had earn*
ed a commission for my part in the af
fair.
-Our spies are thick in Cornwallis'
camp." he said, "but what is needed Is
some master spirit who can plot as. well
as spy for us. Major Ferguson moves
as Cornwallis pulls the strings. Could
we know the major's instructions and de-
Blgns we might cut him off, bring the
Tory uprising to the groand and so
hearten the country beyond measure. I
say we might cut him off, though I know
not where the men would come from to
do it"
"Well?" said I when he paused.
"The preliminary is some better infor
mation than our spies can give us. Now
you have been an ofllcer in the British
service, and — "
¦ I smiled. "Truly; and I have the
honor. If you please to call it so. of his
lordship's acquaintance. Also I have
that of Colonel Tarleton and the mem
bers of his staff, the same having tried
and condemned me as a spy at Appleby
Hundred some few weeks before this
chase I have told you of." -
His face fell. "Then, of course, it is
out of the question for you to show
yourself in Cornwallis' headquarters."
I rose and buttoned my borrowed coat.
"On the contrary. Colonel Davie, I am
more than ever at your service. Let me
have a cut of your venison and a feed
for my horse and I shall be at my lord's
headquarters as soon as the nag can
carry me there."
CHAPTER XXXII.
This adventure In the very lion's
mouth, undertaken In sheer recklessness
of love's despair, was destined to be
passing strange Indeed. Fortified with
a letter from Colonel Davie to a %f riend
In Charlotte, who unhappily was all
overcrowded and had passed me on to a
friend of .his in turn. I now stood on the
doorstone of a familiar mansion but one
remove from the corner of the Court
house green. I thought my Huzzax dis
guise complete, but since the street was
busily astir with redcoat officers and
men coming and going, and any squad of
these might be the questioners to doubt
my threadbare courier tale, I - lost . no
time in running up the steps and' ham
mering a peal with the heavy knocker.
Through the sidelights I could see, that
the wide entrance hall was for the mo
ment unoccupied, but at the knocker lift
ing I had a flitting glimpse of some one
— a little man all in sober black — com
ing down the- stair. There was no im
mediate answer to my. peal, but when I'
would have knocked again the door was
swung back and I stepped quickly within
to find myself face to face with — Mar
gery. ¦ .- ; .
I know not which of the two of us
.was the more dumfounded, but this I
do know that I was still speechless and
fair witless when she swept me a low
dipped curtsy and gave me my greeting.
"I bid you good evening, Captain Ire-
the opposite side, and when the dawn be
gan to gray In the sky ahead we were
well out of the broken mountain region
and into the opener forest of the hill
country.
The sun was yet below the eastern
horizon when we came to the fording or
a larger stream than any we had crossed
In the night. Its course was toward the
sunrise, hence I took it ror some tribu
tary of the Catawba or the Broad.
"Tis the Broad itself," said Ephraim
Teates. In answer to my esking; "and yit
It ain't; leastwise. It ain't the one you
know. *Tls the one the Parleyvoos
claimed in the old war. and they call it
the Frinch Broad."
"But that flows north and westward, If
I remember aright," said I.
"So It do, so it do — in glneral. But
hereabouts 'twill run all ways for Sun
day, by spells."
"If this be the French Broad we are
not yet out of the Tuckasege country, as
I take it"
"Mighty n!gh to it; nigh enough to
make camp for a resting spell. I reckon
ye're a-needlng that same pretty tole'ble
bad. ain't ye, little gal?" this to Mar
gery.
Weary as was, she smiled upon
him brightly, as though he had been her
grandslre and so free to name her how
he pleased.
"I shall sleep well when we are out of
danger. But you must not stop for me,
or for Jeanne, till 'tis safe to do so."
"Safe? Lord love ye, child! 'safe' is a
word beyond us yit, and will be till we
sot you down on your daddy's doorstone.
But we'll make out to give ye a bite and
sup and forty winks o' sleep lmmejltly,
It not sooner, now."
So. on the farther side of the stream
the hunter led the way aside, and when
we were come to a small meadow glade
with good grazing for the horses, he
called a halt, lifted the women from
their saddles and came to help me ease
Dick down. The poor lad was stiff and
sore, having no more use of his joints
than If he were a bandaged mummy; but
the fever- delirium had passed and he
was able to laugh feebly at the tree-limb
contrivance rigged to hold him In the
saddle.
"How did we come out of it. Jack?" he
asked, when we had let him. feel the
comfort of lying flat upon his back on
the soft sward.
"As you see. " We are all here and all
in fair fettle, saving yourself. You're
the heaviest loser."
He smiled, and his eyes languid with
the fever sought out Margery, who
would not come a-nigh while I was with
him.
"That remains to be seen. Jack. If my
dream comes true, I shall be the richest
gainer."
"What did you dream?"
He beckoned me to bend lower over
him. "I dreamed I was sore hurt, and
that she was binding up my bruises and
crying over me."
"'Twas no dream," I said; and with
that I went to help Teates make a bough
shelter for the women, while Uncanoola
was grinding the maize for the breakfast
cakes.
'Tis" not my purpose to weary you with
a day-by-day accounting for all that be
fell us on the way back to Mecklenburg.
Sufflce It to say that we ate and slept
and rose to mount and ride again; thia
for five days and nights, during which
Jennifer's fever grew upon-hlm steadily.
At the close of the fifth day our night
halt was In a deserted log cabin at the
edge of an unfinished clearing in the
heart of the forest. Here Richard's
sickness anchored us. *nd for three full
weeks the Journey paused.
We nursed the lad as best we could for
a fortnight, dosing him with stewings of
such roots and herbs as the Catawba
could find in the wood. Then, when we
were at our wits* ends, and Teates and
I were casting about how we could com
pass the bringing of a doctor from the
settlements, the fever took a turn for
the better— of Its own accord, or for Un
canoola's physickings, we knew not
which— and at the end of the third week
Dick was up and able to ride again, this
time without the forked stick to hold
him in the saddle.
After this we went on without mishap,
and with no hardship greater than that
of living solely upon the meat victual
provided by the hunter's rifle; and you
who know this plough-dressed region at
this later day will wonder when I write
It down that in all that long faring, or
rather to the last day's stage of it, we
saw never a face of any of our kind, or
of the Catawba's.
You may be sure the month or more
v.e spent thus In the heart of the wild
wood was but a sorry time for me.
While the excitement of the pursuit and
rescue lasted, and later, when anxiety
for Richard filled the hours of the long
days and nights. I was held a little back
from slipping into that pit of despair
which I had digged for myself.
But when the strain was off and Dick
was up and fit again, the misery of it si I
came back with added goadings. I ha4
never dreamed how cutting sharp
'twould be to see these two together day
by day; to see her loving, tender care of
him, and to hear him babble of his love
for her in his feverish vaporlngs. Yet
all this I must endure, and with it a
thing even harder. For, to make it worse,
if worse could be, the shadow of com
plete estrangement had fallen between
Margery and me. True to her word,
given in that moment when I had be
sought her not to speak aloud for her
own safety's- sake, she had never opened
her lips to me: and for aught she said or
did I might hare been a deaf-mute slave
beneath her notice. . -
And as she drew' away from me, she
seemed to draw the closer to Richard
Jennifer, nursing, him alive when he was
at his worst, and giving him all the
womanly care and sympathy a sick man
longs for. And later, when he was fit to
ride again, she had him always at her
side in the onward faring.
As I have said before, this was all as I
would have it. Yet It made me sick In
my soul's soul; and at times I must needs
fall behind to rave it out in solitude,
cursing the day when I was born, and
that other more unfortunate day when I
had reared the barrier impassable be
tween these two.
What wonder, then, that, as we neared
the fighting field of the great war, I grew
more set upon seizing the first chance that
might offer an honorable , escape from
all there heartburnings? 'Twas a
weakness, if you 'choose; I set down
here naught but the simple fact, which
had by now gone as far beyond ex
cusings as the underlying cause of it
was beyond fergtveness.
'Twas on the final day, the day when
we were riding tantivy to reach Queens
borough by evening, that my deliverance
came.' I say deliverance because at the
moment it had the look of a short shrift
and a ready halter.
We had crossed our own Catawba and
were putting our horses at the steep
bank on the outcoming side, when my
saddle slipped. Dismounting to tighten
the girth, I called to the others to press
on, saying I should overtake them
shortly. ,
The promise was never kept I scarce
had my head under the saddle flap be
fore a couple of stout knaves in home
spun, appearing from I know not where,
4
JOE ROSENBERG'S. \ JOE ROSENBERG'S. | . JOE ROSENBERG'S.
OOCOOCQOC(S«5COO«*©OC©©©©©©00©©©0©0000©©09©0000000000000©©000©00000©00
I WITH. WITHOUT, v |
5 ¦¦ii*h?M? I n 1 J£^n-?^H S "* t A 5 T CC °l rclief : r de -' - THEY FIT ANY FIGURE, adapt themselves to •
S : - d5«bS " economSf 1 wivi; 0 "-!-!. 0 ° **' V / ry cvcry moVcmcnt ™d position; take the desired Shape •
| sV^fg SsSSS^ and make th i
i-^S^^^^Si. # ««S WArSTS^a^'EVENINO DRESS 8
g _ • ' - they are worn low in the corset, forcing the" patnral •
g These forms do away with all unsightly, unhealthy bosom upward, while they remain concealed. As aj
• and uncomfortable padding. They produce perfectly support they are a great relief to mothers. g
• fashion WaiSt dccrccd b y thc lat «t x THESE . BUST FORMS are made of the best qual- O
2 " ity of Para rubber, and they, are pronounced by an ©
® - POSITIVELY THE ONLY DEVICE WHICH eminent woman more an inspiration than an inven- 2
» PERFECTLY SIMULATES FLESH AND BLOOD. tion - # S
0 Easily adjusted and invisible with any costume, and FOR BATHERS at the seashore they are indis- O
g they can also be worn with or without corsets. They pensable, as they not only enable one to make a pre- O
O are eagerly welcomed by society women everywhere sentable- appearance who would otherwise shrink from •
g and indorsed by leading dressmakers and ladies' tail-, public gaze, but their buoyancy keeps the wearer's 2
0 ors - head above water and makes swimming easy. J
| These Are Only f rf^&& H n£&V*O° C THE HOME OF •
» To Be Had at JKf^C l\»U5vllPvl Ji W GOOD CORSETS g
1 816 Market Street.. mail orders solicited v Phelan Buflding. 8
D©©Ge®w»«©«G©*©©«©©e©©9e©©©&©©©©«©©o©eo©Qoe©oo©o©©o©8S©ooeooo©o©ce9oo¦v— -/ ¦ ' ¦> A HEN Happy waa
RGr?5£KC?j!jpf ushered Into this
f&ra\0@wfl? world 0f lleht and
" shadow, John Mollett
$iMil!wlfei consulted old Sextus
fl*Sffllw1&y-\ Sears regarding a
suitable title for the
• UawJ—^""^Bwafl little stranger. ,
Now she waa 20, round and rosy, and
laughed nearly air the* time, barring
church services, slumber and funerals.
At all of which she was composed, be
ing broken to the first and last, named
to an unnatural degree.
Damocles, whose common ; sobriquet
among jocular youths of his acquaint
ance may be better imagined than writ
ten, had suffered for two years In a
state of bashful suspense, longing yet
not daring to chance the severance of
cordial friendship by a declaration of
his consuming passion.
He' knew Happy would laugh.' -That
could' not be borne. " No. it were best
to* wait, pine and grow thin. •
Miss Mollett observed this, smiled
broadly, and mentally dubbed the un
fortunate a fool. Possibly a passing
thought of his nickname" broadened the
nmile. She. herself, always addressad
this bashful lover as Mr. Sears. Th's
was proper and dignified, but had she
'once . departed '. from grace, " Damocles
would have erected It as a step in the
direction of deliverance. .
He had had many chances, being high
in the -mirthful ' affections .of . Happy,
who i enjoyed . his -quiet ways and rare
bursts' of levity, deeming herself silly '
with- her well-nigh uncontrollable - mer- ¦
rlment. • ". ¦:"..-.-. :...,.¦* ¦,..;
After all. she guessed Damocles Sears
was the one. If only he would brace up.
If cot, well, she should not wait too
That didn't complete his work, how
ever. He entered the house , and said
to the women:
"A pretty pack of wolves > you ¦ are!
You- are gossiping about v a< woman
whose shoes you: are not til to tie. It's
gossip, slander and lies, and every one
of you know it, and-I tell: you I'll: not
stand any more of It. I can't roll you
In the snowdrifts, because, you are
women, but I can and .will hold your
They followed him out, wondering
what was up, but they were not long
left In doubt. He turned upon them
and gave the whole three a. beautiful
drubbing before they hardly knew that
a fight was on. Then i he called out
Uncle John Steadman. widower, and
Henry Danfortn, old bachelor, both of
whom had been turned down, and
shaking his flst under their noses he
said: .
"Mind you, this talk about Miss Lee
has got to stop. The next man who
even sneers at her. has got to settle for
It with roe."
"I see that Miss Lee Is not present
here this evening. Does any one know
why?" ; ¦ .
"She's probably hunting for a man."
replied one of the girls with a giggle,
while Joe Allbright led the haw-haw-
Ing among the young men. , ,¦
"Yes, she may be," said Abner, as
he looked around with a dangerous
gleam in his eyes, "but wljl Joe All
bright. Tom Smart and- William Hall
step outdoors with me for a moment?".
and old men who wanted to "get even,"
and so, after an hour or two, when
Miss Lee's name came up Innuendo
was busy In a moment. It was noticed
that Abner Joy turned red and white
and hitched about uneasily, but it was
quite ten minutes before he stood i up
a»d said:
Damocles gave a tiny grunt of apol
ogy, his heart beating rapidly as his
arm touched her plump one. "Haven't
been/feelln' much like talkin' to any
one," he muttered. "I'm sort of cross
* "Nearer," said the girl, "right up here
In the shade. I don't want every one to
see us. Father and mother will be
peekin* out.- listenin'. If they don't call
me in we can sit here ever so long, and
I never «ret a chance to talk with you
lately. Seems to me you have mighty
little to tell me about what Is going on
with your folks, "and what you hear
down at the village, nowadays."
long. There were plenty of others.
"Perhaps—" Happy giggled. "If— If she
could accidentally have something hap
pen, maybe he might see how she felt
about It. No need of his acting afraid
to sit un with her. Now, if he would
only come In to-night, with her parents
quite ready for bed. It was lovely on
the bench under the maple trees— a
moon, too. Was that his step — yes — and
going by."
"Mr. Sears." called Happy, 'is that
you?"
"Thought the folks were going to bed,"
mumbled Damocles, coming In halting
ly, "and of course — "
"And of course you wouldn't dare to
visit with me out here In the moon
light." chuckled Miss Mollett. "Oh.
come on In and sit with me. I was
just thinking about you."
"And laughing,- I'll bet." returned her
lover tremulously. But he sat down on
the end of the settee, with a faint
sidelong glance of admiration.
"Well. I was— a little bit. You're so
funny. Move up here by me. and I'll
tell you."
Mr. Sears drew a long breath and
hitched along slowly.
"I've got a hair caught in one of your
buttons. No. I can't get it off. O\v!
Can vou undo It? I'm he!J fast. Da
mocles. There. Ill put my head down
so—you won't mind, do you? See If It
will come loose/v
The man's fingers fumb'^d at the
golden thread. "It's off." h«s said
hoarsely. "You can lift your head now
—but— but I wish It cfculJ stay there
forever."
"I wish so too," murmured th« RlrL
"It's where I want it to real, dear."
this spring — and — and — wore out.
Laugh It you want to. What waa It?"
Happy drew close, her lips to his ear.
"I was only smiling about something."
she whispered.
"Well— what?"
"Just wonderln* what you would say
if some day I should unexpectedly call
out when you were going by, 'Hullo — *
Oh, I guess I won't say It— I wouldn't.
of course — your nickname, you know."
"I wish to gracious you woultV' said
Damocles, savagely. "Anything** bet
ter than Mr. Sears from you. Happy."
He sat stilled by his temerity, waiting
for an outburst of mirth, but none
came. Only a queer silence. Had he
offended her? "Time I went," he
groaned. "Always sayln* the wraps
thing."
"My! there's a bat!" cried Happy,
with a squeak of apparent frUht.
"Don't let him get J,n my hair! Has
he gone?"
Her curly head was wriggling against
the upper buttons of the vest of Da
mocles. He held it close for a second
with a long quivering gasp, then re
leased her.
"Yes, he's gone." he said klnily. "Too
bad to scare vou so. Why, what's the
matter?"
(Copyright. 1803. by T. C. McClure.)
wy-_-^rrj| T was a cold winter In
|f*^5J|pTT^j?jj Fchool district No. 4.
>9i~'i? townEh| P °* Ingham,
C^ i&akA fOunt >' ct Hillsdale.
fs&h > £~ VJ I but they were making
Nl&fmty&ii u pretty warm for
[i^SP^r^iB lhe scho °l ma'am just
\Msa^^^*Ke3 the came. Miss Lee
had come from a city
fifty nilltf away, bringing the very best
recommendations, and had taken hold
cf the school to the satisfaction of
everybody. The trouble was that she
was 20 years old and good looking. She
could r.ut help being good looking any
more than a dozen farmer girls In the
district could help their plain faces,
but scarcely a fortnight had passed
when mot hew and daughters were
sneering and backbiting.
No homely woman, be she married or
eingltt can help being jealous of a
handsome one. In the society of a city
the homely one has the sense to conceal
her feelings, but in the country she at
tends a quiltfng-bee on purpose to
speak her mind.
The thing may be said to have started
with L'nc!? Ben Driggs, chairman of the
school committee. He was a widower,
60 years old. and had been courting the
Widow Hastings, five years his junior,
but v. hat docs he do but t offer the
schoolma'am his calloused Hand and
aged heart before she had fairly got
the school organized.
She promptly refused him. but the
Widow Hastings was her enemy from
that time on, and Uncle Ben heard her
gossiped about without coming to her
defense. In the course of six weeks
"If she Isn't trying her best to cap
ture a man of some sort why don't
she come right out and say she
wouldn't marry the best one that ever
wore boots, same as I do? I tell you
she Is sly and deceitful, and she'll sep
arate more'n one lovin* couple before
she gets through with It"
Before New Year's came there was
only one marriagable man for four
miles around who hadn't offered him
self at least once. That was Abner Joy,
a man of 30, who had a farm of his
own and a sister for a housekeeper. He
had admired, but so secretly and mod
estly that Miss Lee had not suspected.
No one mistrusted his feelings until
one evening when there was a paring
bee at Uncle David Saunders". The
gathering included over forty people,
old and young, and as it was Miss
Lee's week to board with the Saunders'
Bhe *)ught to have been there. She was
not, however, and, though the night
had come , on with a storm, nobody
worried about the schoolma'am — not
even Abner. When he failed to find her
there he argued that she bad stopped
at a nearer place. In the gathering
were several girls and women with
spiteful tongues, and several young
Miss Lee had turned down another
widower and two young men, and thus
made more enemies. Several engage
ments were in danger of being broken
because Jim, Joe or John would insist
that the teacher was the daintiest
daisy that ever called up a class in
geography. The girl knew that she?
was making enemies and being slurred
and slandered, but as It was not her
fault and she had no remedy she main
tained silence. This subjected her to
criticism again. As Hannah Jones re
marked at Mrs. Doolittle's quilting
bee:
"I— I guess I will. If you— you want
me. to." she replied, as she drove away,
and three months later she did.
"Talk love ? ; Not ; a ¦ word. . I j know
you are ready, to throw up the school
a-nd go -back home, but don't give up.
I've got* my fists toughened up and
want? to use 'em often."
.And when the summer days came and
she closed v her : school 'with kind words
from ; all, she ¦ grasped the hand of 'AJj
ner Joy and said: ,'.- . •
V Abner, I have met a man down here
— just! onef^and I hate to say good-by
to him." 8ffliteMBww^BW8SS"
"Then s why. don't you come back -and
let him do some more fighting for you?"
he-asked. -
men. folks responsible."
Half an hour later he was inquiring
at Taylor's If Miss Lee was, there, and
again he stopped, at FUker's. But hs
did not. find her: until ha drove up to
the school house. . She sat there alone
with her things on, and the open stove
door was her candle. She had; felt too
weak and discouraged to face the
storm and didn't care much whether
any one came for her or not. . - -. *
."Miss Lee, I've come to take you
home for the, night,'.' said Abner, as he
entered the building.
"But why do you come?" she asked
In. surprise. ~* . ...
"Because I have constituted myself
your champion. 'There won't be; any
more gossip. * I'm ashamed of the peo
ple,, but you'll see a change, to-mor
row."-. ¦ ; ;, . .-¦¦-. , ..'..-.'
"Wh— what have you done?" she ask
ed between her sobs.
."Licked three or four men, promised
to lick three or four more, and told a
'dozen women what I thought of them,",
he laconically replied. %
"But you'll— you'll"— . ."
"Ask you to marry me? No/I won't
—I'll , be hanged If I do! Come along
with me and we'll pick up sister Sarah
at Saunders'.",
.-•' "And 'you won't— won't"— .
THE MAN AMONG THEM
—By Irvine Parcftee
CSg^rTTfa^aar] OW slow you are,
Kftl>l~j~fif iS' I tirel >' pood tempered.
I \% H"-"ia' l i i R £/ Therefore the other
iflsH'.rn^H^J, voice became crosser.
¦ffi^^rgM^j] "What's the use
fcr^— -— lb^-i-1 primping two hours
for that mere nobody of a Flliberto?"
"To be sure, what is the use?" Can
dida's good temper was maddening. Her
mother was at the remote end of the
house, but she could see mentally the
¦zniling, tantalizing face that she knew
bo we::
Candida's mirror smiled back at her.
It was a tiny mirror with a shabby
frame, but it held the loveliest and
most famous picture in all Alta Cali
fornia. The portrait was that of a
sixteen-year-old girl, strongly built and
exquisitely rounded as those Castilian
girls of old California were — the com
plexion a pure Castilian olive witheut
a tinge or rose: the eyes a sparkling.
\ivld black; the hair as black as th»
eyes, a splendid mass coiled high and
caught with a comb.
"Ah. but it is of use, even if Filiberto
is & mere nobody. What do you think,
lovely Senorita?" she said to the face
in the mirror. The face laughed back
at her.
Candles were fastened to the wall
on each side of the miror, so that a
strong light was thrown on the face
therein. Candida could watch it to
pood advantages as it grew lovelier un
der her skillful touch.
A lock of hair did not suit her. She
brush* d it. pulled it. unfastened it. re
fastened it. finally pulled down the
whole mass of hair in a heap and be
gan coiling it all over from the begin
ning.
"You're the rlowest of all my girls"
fretted her mother in the dining-room.
It mp.de r.o difference to her whether
Candida w»s slow or not on thip <
sion; but she was out cf sorts v.-' \
the world. She had expected th
Comandante would invite her da... .
ter to accompany him to the fandanpn
to-night. She had watched in vain for
the message. She saw her match-mak
ing blighted after being brought to a
critical point.
"Where's the girl?" growled a ter
rific voice. It was that of her husband.
"Phe"e dressing."
"What for. when she's going with no
body but Yorba? She had as well wear
her working gown."
"Ah DJos — after all cur hopes!" Se
ncra Barrajas wrung her fat hands..
"It's of no avail to whimper about
It. The girl's been a fool, you may
count on that, no matter what she
says. She's done something to annoy
the Comandante— it's like her. Stub
born as her mother. She will reao as
«he bows."
"My stubbornness made me marry
you." put in the Senora,
"And you pot better than you de
served." He strode out of the room
crumbling like a thunderstorm.
Candida, adjusting her comb, heard it
all and smiled.
"Ah, Madre mia, how blind you are In
«plt« of your lynx eyes." she said, and
took a note from her bosom.
"Contrary to custom, I send this to
Ton Instead of to your mother," she
r»-read with satisfaction. "For it is
your answer I desire. Will you accom
pany me to the fandango? If not. I
•hall go to Santa Barbara on business.
£°' the fandango without you would
cold no charms."
Below was what any girl in Califor
nia would have given her black eyes
for— the signature of the popular
Comandante.
No member of the family had seen
the messenger ride up and deliver this
not* to Candida. Nor had any one
poverty, out now pique played its
part, and as he realized that the Coni
andante was not Inviting Candida
after all ' his promising attentions he
resolved that she should not be left at
home. .
seen her send back her answer, which
read:
"I must beg to be excused from this
fandango, for my ankle is 6till weak
since Pero threw me, and I dare not
risk a dance."
Nor did any one know that ike sent
another message to a certain "no
• body."
"The coast Is clear. The Coman
dante Is going to Santa Barbara, so
ne will never know that I go to the
dance. Father will let me go with
you for the once, for he thinks I have
no other invitation."
Candida's conscience shook off fibs
as a duck shakes off water. There was
not a cloud on her brow as she made
Sniw; * •* iv ,V\f' umbl «nK "yes" to
Filibertos Invitation; he had refused
Slnv^S? ° V6r tO lct the * lrl accom
pany this young man. whose fault was
"I flon*t care— taka her to the danc«
If you want to," he said to Flliberto
Yorba. Then- he went off muttering
curses en the htad of the Coman
dante. They had gambled together
many a time from vespers to the morn-
Ing bell; they bid lain side by side In
their cups when the aguardiente was
plenty; they had corrupted California
politics band In hand for many a year.
•'Now the man Is Jilting my daughter.
Is he?"
Candida tucked the note in het bosom
again. It would be fun to show it to
Flliberto when they had a little time
alone.
"Tell Flliberto I'll be ready in a min
ate." she called as she heard the light
hoofs of Mia.
She moved the comb to fhe other side.
then back to its original position. Be
hind her ear she fastened a great crim
son rose.
"You are lovelier than ever." Flli
berto whispered as she pave him a
glimpse of the picture she was. Then
she threw a white mantilla ever her
head and shoulders, her facs and the
rose peeping out from the snowy lace.
"Good evening. Mia." she f-aid, pat
tins the little horse's nose. It save a
happy whinny, for It knew Candida.
Her father and mother came from the
house and said a surly pood evening to
the handsome young Spaniard. To them
he was entirely objectionable In that he
had no property, no Influential father,
nothing but his own cleverness and
courage to depend upon. Furthermore,
they strongly suspected their daughter
of preferring him to the shrewd old po
litical fox to whom they were trying to
marry her.
"Permit me to thank you both for in
trusting your daughter to my care to
night," he said bltthely. In spite of the
frowns that greeted him.
Candida patted the restless pony
again. "Are you in a hurry. Mia?" she
¦aid. "Come, Flliberto. we must start.
Mia says she will not wait."
The girl put her little red-slippered
foot Into the stirrup. Flliberto helped
her as she sprang, and she was perched
aloft in the gala day saddle, all carved
and be-stlvered. With a bow to the old
people he sprang up behind her, as was
the Callfomlan custom.
He reached forward to adjust th»
reins. Mia fumed to be off. But the
word had not been given when a clatter
cf hoofs sounded beyond the house.
All turned to see who the arrival was.
The hoofs clattered more sharply as the
rallop slowed. Up rode the Coman
dante. /
At the sight of Candida about to ride
away he turned white with anger, as
his way was.
"Ah, senoxita. may I Inquire who your
physician may be, that your ankle heals
so quickly?"
The father and mother stood silent.
looking from one to the other. Suspi
cion, fear.- rage -were creeping upon
them. It was no time to parry, the glr!
knew.
"There Is but one physician who can
heal every hurt." she replied. "He is
Love. I am In his charge. Off. Mia."
And the pony was away with them.
"You mean it?" said Flliberto.
Bhe only tossed him a teasing laugh
now. "How Mia flies!" she sa'd. dodg
ing his question. "There are the lights
of the fandango."
Far away glittered the brilliant lights
In a great ranch house. Suddenly the
road divided. At the end of one branch
were the lights of the gay ball; at the
end of the other, one lamp shone from
the Mission.
"Listen!" said Flliberto, and stopped
the horse. A strange blending of sounds
came to their ears; guitar and violin
sounded faintly from the left: from the
right came the faraway chime of the
Mission bell.
"To the left lies the dance," he said
slowly. "After It— home again, a storm
of wrath, you and I separate forever."
"Yes," she said, the merriment gone
out of her eyes.
"To the right." he went on, "Father
Juan, our old priest and friend. He
knows us and loves us. He will marry
us to-night."
"Oh!" she cried with a little shudder.
"Shall It not be the right road?"
"Oh— I'm afraid — I can't—"
"Say the right."
She hesitated, perplexed. Then she
cried, "I know, I'll let Mia decide. We
¦hall see which way she chooses."
She pushed his hands from the reins.
drew Mia to the middle of the fork and
¦topped her. "Now go, Mia," she said.
The horse flung up her head and sal
loped into the dark road on the rlzht.
"Mia, you shall feed on sugar lumps
for the rest of your life," Flliberto said.
It waa not for many years that Can
dida made a confession to her husband.
"I tweaked the right rein." she owned
then. "I was so afraid Mia might
make a mistake."
THE FUN DAY CAT, T,. /
HELD BY A HAIR
By Elliot Walker
THE ROAD MIA CHOSE
5All her color shattered by the words
she: had heard, Elizabeth stood among
them silent. She was wishing-desper
ately that he was poor, that she might
make the sacrifice for. him, and her
wlstfulness shone In her eyes.
"Poor Elizabeth," said their hostess.
"But th'e Van i Horn's left," cried a
soft, malicious girl voice. .
Suddenly Elizabeth laughed, a gay
little staccato that ended In a ripple
of poor mirth. "Yes." she said, "he is."
"She turned her head and met
Haworth's gaze."
stood here helpless, and out there,"
with another sweep that' took in the
universe, "Elizabeth refused him. He
wants to be married for himself—such
an old fogy idea—but he's very much
worth while: he's president of facto
ries and banks and trusts, all spelled
with a capital, and, and," in a shrill
little wall "Elizabeth, not knowing, re
fused him." ~
"Yo»*re going to marry me," said
¦ Graham.
"Do you think' she Is serious T" he
asked.
"Oh. not. yet. But she drifts, with
him, and that Is one of his most at
tractive. qualities—drifting. You drift,
and drift, and* think you are steering,
and all at once—"
She hesitated, frownlngly.
"Overboard?"- suggested Stephen.
",Yes, when»you never dreamt":of be
ing In love. He seems so harmless, so
colorless, you know what I mean.'Most
men have to be amused. You feel on
guard with them. But Haworth Is rest
ful. Before you know It you are per
fectly natural with him and you talk,
and drift, and talk, and all he says Is
yes, yes, and all he does is look at you.
not as If you were Just a rather good
looking girl, but as If you were really a
thinking, reasoning Individual. And
Marjorie will like that. And then some
day she'll look in his eyes and waken
and lose self In love."
"Cribbed," Bald Stephen, softly.
"Awfully pretty, Con, but it's an echo
from a greater even ¦ than thou. Have
some of the salmon a la heaven knows
what. It's coming our way."
Constance let the salmon pass, and
smiled contentedly at the plain, youth
ful face beside her. Even the eye
glasses, perched airily on a nonde
script nose, could add neither age nor
wisdom to It.
"Stephen, you are a dear," she said.
"You are a blessed relief to a threat
ened possibility of sentiment. After
Marjorie's married to Haworth I think
I shall adopt you.'*,.
"As a relief .to a threatened possi
bility, etc?" /
"No.' The possibility only threat-
"They can't have you," she an
swered gently.
(Copyright, 1903, by T. C. McClure.)
OSWUjaiGSBa HE maid knocked
nF* ¦ ffl'—anr/j gently upon Miss
fcH RJ3 fX? Catherwood's door
D -Ivt K? and handed in a
| 3sf! iSJH card. Miss Catber
islt Is wood looked at it
pfcfcw^-.^, ffi" and tossed it to the
"Oh, the dickens!" she said frankly.
It will be seen at once that, although
Miss Catherwood was a young lady of
beauty and chax-mlng personal char
acteristics, «she had decided opinions
about various things. One of the
things was Mr. Anthony Wadsworth.
•who, as appeared, was waiting below
for an audience with her.
"The dickens!" reiterated Miss
Catherwood, "I suppose I shall have
to see him." Miss Catherwood's' mother
happened to be within earshot.
"Who is ltr* she Inquired. She waa
informed. "Dear me," said Miss
Catherwood's mother, "why, Mr. An
thony Wadsworth has always appeared
to me to be a very proper young man."
"That's just the trouble, mother,"
returned Miss Catherwood, "he's too
proper. He's too conventional. He's
a tissue-paper man."
"Dear me," answered her mother;
"he— he doesn't look like a tissue
paper, man."
"Oh, I know," petulantly responded
the young lady. "I know; he's Just
about the proper weight and proper
height, and his shoulders are just the
proper breadth. He's like a pattern—
a fashion plate. He's Just unbeara
ble."
Miss Catherwood's mother, who
could not quite reconcile her daugh
ter's premises with her conclusion,
sighed. Her daughter swept out of
the room and went downstairs.
Mr. Anthony Wadsworth rose as she
entered and bowed in a quaint old
fashioned way. He was flustered and
embarrassed — and there was good
reason for it. For Mr. Anthony Wads
worth was there for a purpose, and his
purpose ultimately became apparent.
He was there to propose to Miss
Catherwood, and he proposed. He
didn't do It very well, and Miss Cather
wood, who had had a proposal or two
before, as she listened to him, made
mental comparisons that were un
favorable to this particular suitor.
"Don't — don't give me your answer
to-night," implored Mr. Wadsworth,
the perspiration standing out upon his
brow; "wait — wait until to-morrow
night. Take time."
Miss Catherwood, who would have
preferred to end It at once, assented.
She said with all the coldness she
could summon to her aid that she
would consider it: that she would wait
until to-morrow night. And she had
a reason for it. She had an engage
ment with Tommy Boggs for the next
night; and she Intended to write a
short note f qr Mr. Wadsworth " to re
ceive when he came. That would be
the end of Mr. Wadsworth.
She started with Tommy about 7
o'clock In the evening, in order to get
a choice seat in the ladies' quarters.
She left the fatal note with her moth
er, with Instructions to hand it to Mr.
Wadsworth; she told her mother 'what
It was. Her mother, who was a very
tender-hearted .old lady, met Mr.
Wadsworth at the door— he came at 8
o'clock sharp — and Mr. Wadsworth
was so downhearted when he found
that Miss Catherwood was out that
the old lady thought) she would' keep
the note to herself.
"I'll— I'll call to-morrow evening,"
said Mr. Wadsworth, tremulously;
"she probably forgot last night that
she had this— this engagement for to
night, although—. I'll call to-morrow
night."
Down in the Fourteenth Ward in
Bailey's hall Tommy Boggs and Miss
Catherwood were having the time of
their lives. The campaign was In full
blast— election was wear at hand. Miss
Catherwood kept her eyes on the
speaker, and she listened to every, word
he said.
"Isn't he fine?" she exclaimed to
Tommy. "It's Just great to be a man
like that— a man who can sway men."
There was a burst of applause from
something more than one-third of .the
crowd as the man upon the platform
paused In his. speech at the proper
place. He was a paid campaign orator,
and he was good at that. But there
was Just a bit of dissatisfaction visi
ble upon the faces* of the crowd. A
man near Miss Catherwood moved
about uneasily.
"I am three years older than Mar
jorie."
.
,
'
ened. It never came true. And beside*.
I am three years older than Marjorie.
Would you think I waa 26, Steve?"
Stephen turned the rimless eye
glasses on her with cheerful scrutiny.
"Thirty-nine," he said pleasantly.
','How long were you engaged to him?**
"Two weeks and a half."
She nodded her head.
"It's a bad time of. year for engage
gagements. Dead leaves and general
dampness and all that. I always choose
early summer. It don't hang on the
nerves so. Try June next time. Con."
She turned to him with sudden Im
patience.
"It isn't that I don't want to see
Marjorie happy, or that I care about
last October. I am afraid she will
waken as I did. He la so perfectly
colorless In temperament that It la
simply infuriating. A girl doesn't seek
a new engagement every summer,
Steve. I never waa engaged before,
and don't you know when you've been
looking forward to something ever
since you could chase butterflies, to
falling In love with the one man who
t was to be your prince of dreams, and
all at once you think you've found
him, and you love him and promise to
be his wife, and nothing happens at
all, why, you feel like the boy who
spent all his Fourth of July money for
one skyrocket, and then it wouldn't go
off."
"Better said boy than the boy who
shoots the merry rocket and then geta
unmercifully batted with the fallen
stick," said Stephen gently and philo
sophically.
"Haworth was Just the same. He
never seemed to understand how won
derful it all was to me, or how a girl
wants It to be wonderful. We were
good, stanch friends and comrades,
and he cared for me. I know he did,
last October, but there waa the rose
mist missing. He wasn't my prince
of dreams. He was just himself.
One likes the rose, mist of life, you
know, even if one knows they are all
Illusion. They give a glory to the path
behind and the hills ahead."
"But they aren't worth a cent close
around," said Stephen. "Rose mists
aren't worth a rap floating around
one's self, when one la busy living to
day. Seems to me I wouldn't want any
illusions around the one I loved best,
either. And I don't think Marjoria
would. Haworth's a splendid old chap.
We've been friends for over ten years.
He's given me many a hand grip over
tough places in the first days when I
was only a fresh kid fighting for a
place In the crowd, and he's always the
same. It may be monotonous, but It's
mighty comforting. Perhaps after ten
years even you might be glad to find a
man unchanged."
"Perhaps." She smiled bitterly, but
bravely still. . x
He looked Into her eyes Interestedly.
"Honest, don't you care, Con?"
She hesitated.
"Not as long as It Is Marjorie, and
she will be happy." Her voice was
low. "Of course one may still remember
the prince of dreams, when the dreams
never came true."
"Haworth waa up to my place last
night and we talked sense. No rose
mists or dreams, just plain sense. And
I told him that I was going to marry
the dearest girl In the world. If she'd
have me."
"Stephen!** Her face was radiant,
her tone tender and maternal In Its
quick sympathy. "I'm so glad for
you."
"If she'd have roe." repeated Stephen
modestly. "And Haworth opened up
and told me a few things about a cer
tain dearest girl whom he had wanted
to marry, but she wouldn't have him.
He wasn't bitter, you understand, or
wearing crape for any dead hopes. He
Just told me. He doesn't quite under
stand why she gave him up. but he
believes she loved him, and that some
•day the world will seem lonesome and
strange to her, and the rose mists' she
cared for will have faded. Then he
thinks she may be glad to find him
unchanged."
"Stephen! 1* She turned her head and
met Haworth's gaze. His eyes were
restful and steady, , as she had loved
best to remember them.
"And I told.him." continued Stephen
mildly, "not to wait for the lonesome
time, to take the day he was sure of.
And he said he thought he'd try to
night."
"But Marjorie!"
Her face flushed and her lips half
parted. She was still looking beyond
the yellow chrysanthemums.
Stephen smiled across the table.
"The dearest girl in the world said
_ yes just half an hour ago," he said.
w
«Hffie
And when he finished the crowd
surged up to the platform and literally
overwhelmed him. Miss Catherwood,
when it was all over, drew a sharp
breath. "To think," she walled to her
self, "that I have refused such a man."
The next night Mr. Anthony Wads
worth called upon her. She met him
at the door. She was radiant.
"I— I've come to| ask your pardon,"
he said contritely.
"For what?" she inquired.
"You— you haven't forgotten," he
stammered, "about — about my— my girl
last nljjht. I — I don't know why- I
said it. I felt reckless, I suppose."
She laughed Joyously. "That," she
said, "is the only part «f your speech
last night that I had forgotten. It
was Just superb."
He laughed. "Dear me," he an
swered, "that's ¦ nothing; every fellow
livpoMtlcs has to do that. That's not
the question," he went on. "There's
something else."
"W— what?" she Inquired timidly.
"I want to know," he continued,
"whether 1 — whether my — my girl is go-
Ing to turn me down to-night. If so,
I've got a meeting in the Fifth Dis
trict—the boys are waiting for me."
Miss Catherwood stepped toward
him and held out her* hand. "They
can't have you." she answered gently,
"Anthony Wadsworth, Alderman." ;
This, In black and white, amounts to
nothing. But it was the way that
Wadsworth said it that took. "Ha,
ha, ha!" roared the crowd; "Imagine
Tony's girl a-turnin' of him down. Go
on, Tony." . ¦
Mr. Anthony Wadsworth raised his
hand high in the air and started in.
Suddenly he stopped. He was looking
directly into the eyes of Miss Cather
wood herself.. He turned white and
then he turned red. Then he turned
away, and apparently forgot her. And
then he started in. He started in as
only . Alderman Anthony Wadsworth
knew how. Miss Catherwood had
thought the campaign orator had
talked - as no other man could talk.'
That was because she had never heard
Mr. Anthony Wadsworth. With one
hand In his trousers pocket and the
other in the air, the. Alderman walked
UP and down the stage, casting into the
very faces of his audience, humor,
pathos,- expletive, vituperation, sar
casm, .congratulation — everything..
"Tony, Tony. Tony, Tony!" yelled
the crowd. The big man stepped for
ward.- "Mr. Tony Wadsworth." he ex
claimed, by way of Introduction, and
pandemonium broke loose. Mr. An
thony Wadsworth stepped forward a
pace or two. "Ain't he corkln'," said
the loquacious individual near Miss
Catherwood, "and he always comes
here In a swallow-tail suit — he knows
what's what, he does."
Wadsworth nodded, and the crowd
fcecame instantly silent. "I didn't In
tend to be here to-night," he explained.
He hesitated. "The fact is," he went
on, "I had an engagement with my
girl and she turned me down. I didn't
have any other place to go and I came
here."
"Aw ," he - said, "why don't they
bring on the Alderman? What the
's the use o' this?" "¦'¦
Another man nudged him. "The
Alderman," he explained, "ain't a-goin'
to be on hand to-night."
As he . si>oke a stout man entered
from behind the scenes and stepped up
toward the front of the stage. He was
cheered loudly.
"That must be the Alderman," whis
pered Miss Catherwood to Tommy
Boggs. But he wasn't. He whispered
for a moment to the speaker, and the
speaker nodded and shook his head.
The big man raised Ms hand.
."Ladies and gents," he said, "we'd
fully expected to have the Alderman
with us here to-night, but I'm givin'
it to you straight that-\;"
He was Interrupted by a mighty
yell. "Hi, hi, hi!" yelled the crowd:
"what ye - givln' us? Look behind
you!"
The big man turned and everybody
looked and howled. "Hooray! hooray!
hooray!*' velfed the crowd. Miss Cath
erwood looked with the rest, : and then
she gave a little gasp. For the man
that the whole crowd was looking and
yelling at was a young man attired in
a full-dress suit. He was bowing, with
conventional stiffness, right and left.
And he was none other than Mr. An
thony Wadsworth.
Graham talked blithely. It
the easiest .thing he'd ever. done. • He
was vividly conscious of • Elizabeth out
there beyond the lawn standing knee
deep in clover.: . -; '. '!.* •>.' /.'<' : .\ '"¦" : '*' •'¦"¦¦
In his haste to get away from a place
grown unfriendly over night, \ he, ran
down- the steps as the -trap \ came
around, and almost, stumbled over j the
breathless Small' One." With words
not intelligible to the uninitiated;'; she
thrust something warm and moist into
his hand. • • •
"Did you mean It?" he asked eagerly.
He had raced over the lawn, with the
child on his shoulder. "One. leaf,. you
know, is for, love." : ~ \
"No; not that It's Just my good-by.
It's to bring you- all that a four-leaf
can bring; it's to ask you to think of
me more kindly." She broke off to
cry.
"Do you think I'm rich?" she flung
out defiantly. .
"Perhaps so; perhaps not." Graham
spoke contentedly. "Most of us here
have money enough to keep us going."
"I haven't!" she cried sharply. "I
don't belong among you! I'm Cinder
ella slipped into Vanity Fair— as poor
as a church mouse. I never went to a
house party before. I sold, the pitiful
little place I owned to come' here. ; I'm
tired of counting pennies, of going
shabby, of being Btarved of all that is
beautiful and desirable in life, and
so — "¦ ' ' ¦¦-¦ ' ¦'¦ '• - ¦ '•
"You're going to' marry . me," said
Graham.. ' , ,
"And so I'm going to. marry Mr/ Van
Horn," defiantly. "I'm going to leave
the schoolroom grind behind me. the
debts and duns - and skimpy : dinners.
You see how I take to luxury," -with a
laugh that had no Joy, In it. " "I'm born
for it. I've . got a . line of ancestors
that stretch across the sea,' beauty, a
swirl .of . .charming
femininity' in* ' her
crisp, beflounced muslin, well aware .'of
her beauty, arid . of: the : maddening, tilt
of her adorable chin, swept down the
stairs and out to the steps, where k she
lingered Just long enough^ to give. him
a cool, little good-by. and drifted on: : In
her wake was the Small One, her faith
ful follower.
RAH AM stood in the
center, of ; the group of
young .women: - who
were -loud \ In . their
regret at his depart
ure, '."¦' Elizabeth,, a
(Copyright, 1903, by T. C. McClure.)
/ iuj'F course you are his
nilSPwf " u makea no dlf *
"No," she assented,
L^^^^^fc doubtfully. "Only in
|fc^^^gg^>c'S i .the point of view. It
UmaiF" * r^mam would cre ate a cer
><ain . prejudice— the friendliness.^ 'I
: mean in his : favor, and you don't know
Marjorie as I do."
Stephen . glanced down the* long,
candle-shaded, dinner table to 'where
. Marjorie sat. A group of yellow jchrys
anthemums mingled their gold" with
thetint of herhair, and her face was
half hidden by them. . Only a slightly
tilted chin was visible.. It was a de
licious chin, piquant and . interrogative,'
and he knew that she was talking to
Haworth. , •
manner and no heart to. speak of." •
'-"Graham,", called his host."
VHave' you said lyes to Van . Horn?"
asked Graham." r y
-. "Not yet,'.' she said, a : touchr of de
fiance in her voice, . as . though' she
feared something, within": herself. . "It
was just after you asked, me last night.
But I. intend to.", ; Suddenly ' her • lips
quivered and she cried,' "I don't want
you to hate me, so I sent you the
clover." :.¦¦"/ . .
. ."There's but one life. Will you spend
it with < me. dear?"
¦¦'•' She shook. her head; there was a sob
in her throat;.
/'Is it so hard?" asked the man. The
child came nearer as. he spoke, caught
the girl's gown and : looked at them
with. wide, half .frightened eyes.
' "Toohard?" sternly. V
"Graham!" shouted his host, "you'll
miss your train!". . : *,
"Good-by." he said.
-"The girl stood motionless, her eyes
downcast.
He-was going I What were Jewels,
fine gowns, the Van Horn money—any
thing, everything, j without | him. "
, - She clutched his arm, but her words
choked in her" throat. :
"Billy!" she cried, desperately. .. .¦
" Graham swung around.
"Billy, I don't — want — anything— but
— you!"
Graham laughed out, the laugh of the
man triumphant, and the Small One
joined in with shrill and prolonged
glee.
"Girls." said their hostess, and she
waved her hand tragically, "he had me
under solemn promise. I was aching
to tell you — it was a cruel position. I
By William B. Osborne
THE TISSUE-PAPER MAN
THE BUKDAV OAJLL.
By Izola L. Forrester
HER PRINCE OF DREAMS
LUCK IN FOUR LEAF
By Sarah Lindsay . Coleman
They had met at the summer re
sorts.
A PAIR OF SLIPPERS
By W. W. fff ines
Iy— 3^-j— $t- — A UT, sweetheart, you
•^iP^^&JvJi are not going to be
' r ImS^'^^'H J ealous °f a S irl I
Jj£«i5iii^^fH never saw — a Kirl
' V> §3 feT'^'^ilIri Vlho P rot) ably never
T^M*&iZ?jLw existed - Remember
that I never heard
<Mf liH ' Bl aiS anything but . her
voice, and it is quite possible that she
was as homely as original sin." ¦
Tom Rlker. was provoked. Theoreti
cally, he held that in every love affair,
there should be some temporary ob-'
etacle to the happiness of the lovers.
These temporary obstacles not only
gave spice to the love affairs them
selves, but they afforded hardworking
novelists like himself a fair chance to
earn a living. Now he was finding a
lifetime of theory deftly upset by a few
moments of practice. His courtship of
and engagement to Anne Lorrimer had
been a very, commonplace affair, but
he was so much In love that he could
not see the . advantage of j obstacles,
temporary or otherwise. They had met
at the summer resort and were thrown
together constantly from the first meet
ing by relatives and friends, who had
promptly decided that the match would
be a good one. Now the inevitable rift
In the lute had appeared in Anne's jeal
ousy of the heroine whom Riker had
painted in his newest and most suc
cessful book, "A Pair of Slippers."
"Of course, she may have been home
ly and all that," said Anne, with an air
of dissatisfaction, "but you didn't paint
her as homely. You gave her, with a
lavish hand, all the graces and beauties
that a woman could possess and— what
is especially . galling to me— you de
scribed her as just the opposite to me
In every way. I can't help but think
that she represented your ideal."
'•Now, my, dear, little girl, don't be
foolish. • Just remember that when I
described her I had never met you. I
made her! a brunette because that
seemed to , fit : in with her contralto
voice. I'll make you a solemn promise
that from this time henceforth all "my
heroines shall have golden hair and the
deepest and truest of blue eyes. Her
voice, was excellent, but it was abso
lutely untrained, and I infinitely prefer
to listen to your high, dear soprano
than to any number, of contraltos, no
matter how rich and full is the quality
of their voice."
• "That's all very well, but you say
that some of theincidents in the. book
had a foundation In truth/ Suppose you
met this, woman some time?" asked
Anne, j ' ./•" ; . ; - " is. ¦ ¦ •...-•
"What difference would it make if I
did? You don't suppose that I will ever
have eyes or ears, for any other woman
but yourself,' do you?. I'll tell you Just
how much of the plot had a foundation
In truth.
i "When I was 111 this spring I occupied
a room In one of the" uptown hospitals
and, despite j the calls of my friends,
time hung very heavily on my hands.
My nurse was one of those efficient
machines .which school and hospital
training turn out, and I was ready to
turn to anything for relaxation and en
tertainment. Just across the areaway
from my ¦ window ;was I an apartment
house, ; and I used to hear some one
singing there and : would close my eyes
and listen to the music. One day some
of my friends had brought me a mag
nificent clump of lilies of the valley and
it occurred to. me that It would be nice
to send some of them to the girl who
made the music* I knew that it would
be useless .to try and enlist the services
of my matter-of-fact nurse in trying to
find out her name, so determined on
another plan. I had never seen . the
girl, but the voice seemed -to float out
of a window just opposite me^ i
"I was becoming convalescent rapidly
and, casting about for something to
weight the bouquet with, my eyes fell
on a pair of slippers. I stuck the flow
ers in the toe of one of the slippers and
hurled it across with all my force. I
saw it sail in the window and then,
the exertion proving too much for me,
I fainted and fell on the floor by the
window. I had [ counted on seeing the
girl pick up the flowers, 'but I fainted
too quickly. *
¦ "I was removed to another room .
which looked out on an inner court,
and I never heard the. voice again. I
recovered from the relapse quickly, and
while I was in bed I blocked out the
synopsis of my romance. The hero,
as you know, I made an art student
in Paris, and had him fall in love with
a girl across the way on account of
the girl's voice. He threw her flowers
just as I did, and they got to know each
other in that way.
"But both the young artist and the
young singer were poor; they drifted
away from Paris and lost the sight,
but not the memory, of each other.
Ten years later the artist, now on the
top wave of success, went" to hear a
new opera sung. by a new prima donna,
of whom great things are told. The
prima. donna 'turns out to be 'the girl
at the other window.' The artist rushes
out of the opera-house, buys some lilies
of the valley and a ' pair of slippers,
sticks the flowers into the toe of one
of the slippers and hurls It ¦ on the
stage. She. recognizes him by the sign,
'they marry,' and live happy ever after
ward. "And that's all there is to the lit
tle story ' which the critics Jumped on
me for* giving such a prosaic title as 'A
Pair of Slippers," "' \ -'
"And you are ¦ sure that If you met
the girl to whom you threw the flowers
you would never be tempted to try and
turn your romance into reality?" asked
Anne.
"I have enough romance to last mo
for a lifetime."
"But suppose the girl waa really*' a
very nice girt and a very pretty girl?"
"Makes no ' difference."
"Did you know that I lived in the
apartment house back of the hospital
at which you were a patient?" Anne's
expression was rather mischievous.
"No, I didn't. Then it Is possible that
you know the woman with the con
tralto voice. Do you?"
"Yes, I knew her v In fact, I have the
slipper and the bunch of lilies of the
valley." . .
"How did you get them? Tour voice
is soprano."
Anne's expression was distinctly mis
chievous now. In fact, she seemed to
have great . difficulty In keeping; from
laughing outright, as she Bald:
"The woman you heard singing wu
our old . negro cook whom we brought
up from the South with us. I had to
take the flowers and slipper off her
hands to pacify her. She was going
over to the hospital and raise a row
on the presumption that the negro jani
tor had tried to flirt with her. I put
the flowers and slipper out of her way
and she finally, forgot about them, and
so did L : "When I read your book it
started me to thinking, and when 1
met you I determined, to find out if It
was really you who threw the flowers.
"I think," said Tom, slowly, "that the
Joke is decidedly on me.",
"Undoubtedly," said Anne. \ "But 11
you had not have thrown the flowers
you wouldn't have written the book.
And r if " you had not written , the book
I would not have gone out of my way
to meet you. So, 'all is well that ends
well.'" £vBs£
6«*V«i HAT heartfelt prayers of re
ijrj^joicins are daily offered . up
' on the high - altar of song
¦wh'en we are told that the : days of
ragtime, coon songs are numbered. For
so ¦ many ' wearisome • seasons now have
doggerels about "Ma Pinky Baby" and
"Ma . Squash-nosed Sal" been '•' roared
from the vaudeville stage. and bellowed
Some Genuine
Darky Poetry
Stories, the tale will bear reading any
day in the year. It Is a simple little
story that makes the reader feel better
for having come across it. When an
author Is able to make the reader, of
many books keep in his mind for many
days the nebulous image of a wide
eyed little darky with ideals then that
author has not written In vain. This
has Ruth McEnery Stuart done.
George Washington Jones is little,
orphaned and irredeemably black. His
head is full of the grand tales'told him
by his grandfather of how that worthy
was one time sent to a beautiful "fairy,
lady" as a Christmas gift long before
the war. To the bright little head of
George Washington there comes, there
fore, the brilliant idea of making a
Christmas present of himself to some
equally lovely mistress and thereby fol
low in the path of* his honored grand r
parent. But when the 'little nigger
starts out to make of himself a "Christ
mas gif," ho finds that. In these de
generate days of ours little colored
kids offering to give themselves away
are considered beggars.
How the little fellow suffered one re
buff after another until he was glad to
nestle to the bosom of a kind old child
less mammy Is told with words which
leave but ! a narrow frontier between
tears and laughter. Then of George
Washington's final triumph and of his
service in the home of the old lady who
was once the charge of that very idyl
lic grandfather the details are re-'
counted. It Is a triumph for the reader
as well as • for George Washington
Jones, for the reader feels as if .the lit
tle kinky. pate Is next of kin before he
finishes with him.
(Henry Altemus Company • Philadel
phia; illustrated; price $1.)
(Dodd, Mead & Co., New York; dec-
Not the least . of the poetry . In '¦, the
negro ' songs lies In the delicate nature
thoughts. • The plantation darky, liv
ing "next to the ground" day in and
day out, is ever ready to catch the glint
of the leaves and the shine of the grass.
Here again . it needs no ponderous
Wordsworthian stanza to clothe the
thought "Writes Dunbar:
"Wilier boughs a-bendin',
• , Hidln' of de'sky, ;>
Wavin'; kin' oV frien'ly
. Ez de win* go by,
Ehrav trees a-shlnin*.
Dahk an' green ah thick;
Seems to say, 'I .see yo*
Wadin* in de crick.' "
An 1 my only t'ought Is dls,
Dat I's honin' fu' de bliss >
Fu' to quit dls groun* o' worriment an*
(3pS3»trife."it<iPJSg£&
out over the . Jangling keys of our
neighbor's piano that Job's bodily [dis
comforts haven't been a marker to th«
mental anguish that has been the lot
of all, right-minded individuals. .'Al
most drowned out -by this- persistent
howling of musical bosh, yet sounding
with ; a pure, sweet note ; to ., those with
ears ; r attuned, have been the genuine
darky melodies of the darky poet,
Paul Lawrence Dunbar. ; Now we have
another collection of his poems, pub
lished in an attractive holiday form,
under the title of "When Malindy
Sings."
Those of us who have had the rare
good fortune to have lived down in the
South, where the darky is still a
darky and not a "culiud gemmun,"
speak of the real music that there is in
the hearts of the typical south of Dixie
negroes. Their song Is - spontaneous,
bubbling; their rhymes have often the
ring of true poesy. To catch this ster
ling worth and give It to American
literature at its real value is the work
of- Paul -Lawrence Dunbar. Right well
has he accomplished his task; but let
us all hope that there remain yet a
great many more songs for the young
negro poet to sing.
In the present volume there, are
bits of verse ranging In senti
ment from rollicking banjo songs to
pathetic reflectlbna upon the loss of
dear ones. The darky's feelings lie
very, near the surface and Dunbar has
deftly caught the strange blend of sun
shine and shadow which Is the charac
teristic of his race. So few , and so
simple are. the words necessary to ex
press the deepest thoughts. .Witness
the following, stanza from a little poem
entitled "The Memory of Martha."
"Down by. de road de shadders grows,
;-.' An* oh, but hit's moughty lonely;
Seem lak de ve'y , moonlight knows.
An' oh, but hit's moughty lonely!
Does you know I's cryin* fu' you, oh,
my wife?
Does you know dey ain't ho Joy no mo*
in life?
TWO valuable textbooks for stud
•nts of German and Spanish have
lust been published by the Ameri
can Book Company. They are "Mon
santo and Languelller's Practical
Course In Spanish." edited by Freeman
M. Josselyn. and "Grimm's Kinder
und Hausmarchen," edited by B. J. Vos.
For many years Monsanto and Lan
guelller's has been one of the most suc
cessful Spanish grammars before the
public It aims to make the basic prin
ciples of Spanish grammar familiar to
the student by constant practice and
repetition in Spanish, and to this end
the Spanish examples are made as nu
merous as possible. The advance in
linguistics, and the new rules of accen
tuation promulgated by the Spanish
Academy, have made a revision of the
book necessary. The original form oj
the work has been retained so far as
possible, but such grammatical state
ments as needed change have been re
cast. The Spanish text Is presented In
accordance with the latest rules for
orthography and accent.
The German tales need no introduc
tion. There are no others which from
the day th'ey were published to the
present time have so steadily retained
their hold on childhood. Their Interest
and their simplicity render them par
ticularly suitable for elementary read-
Ing.
reading— Joel Chandler Harris,
of course; Thomas Nelson Page, and
Ruth McEnery Stuart. When any; of
these three give us. a story of "culiud
folks" it should be ' treasured, for time
and circumstance are rapidly narrow
ing the sources of the good old planta
tion stories and the time, will soon, be
whan that type of our lighter literature
shall be no more. By. this token, there
fore, let Mrs. ' Stuart's latest story,
"George Washington Jones," be given a
handy place on the library table.
Though a story of "a Christmas gift
that went a-begging." Mrs. Stuart's
little tale need not be -read before the
Christmas gas grate- (there are no more
yule logs). Like Dickens* Christmas
THERE are only three people who
can write darky stories worth the
A Holiday Tale
Worth Reading
This tale, according to the sub-title,
is "a romance of Indiana in the thir
ties." Rita Bays, . the heroine, who Is
"as sweet as the wild rose and as gentle
as the soft spring sun" (now where
have we heard that phrase before?) is
disclosed, suffering from the brow
beatings of a dyspeptic mother. She
lives In a cabin and is beautiful e'en
Given ten or a dozen lay figures
taken from any dry goods emporium;
fit to these the typical and time worn
characteristics* of the dashing hero, the
lovesick heroine who has an obdurate
parent— male or female; the crafty vil
lain with the rocks and the self-sacri
ficing friend who loves only too vainly,
and Mr. Major is ready to begin. Set
ting Is of no great consequence — a
baronial manor or a log cabin can be
conjured into the piece with equal
dexterity. The historical atmosphere
need only be some other time than the
present. Now, with everything read}',
the story starts out and with a slow
and graceful movement unwinds Itself
to the length required of the modern
novel and then with a faint rattling of
the cogs and wheels comes to a digni
fied end- Built to order is "A Forest
Hearth"; Mr. Major alone knows who
ordered It.
A Good Author
Going
/KNOW a little old maiden lady
who welcomes • a new story by
Charles Major as she would a val
entine from an eighteen-year-old boy.
She has seen fifty summers and away
back in the twentieth she had her only
little love affair. In her second
maidenhood she lives in a hallowed
memory of this love affair of thirty
years gone by. Her faded cheeks will
glow a trifle when she grows reminis
cent and she will simper a coy little
simper when the tender passion is men
tioned. Next to discovering a ¦ new
breakfast food or hearing of some
happy Instance of two bleeding hearts,
this little old maiden lady would rather
read Charles Major's books than any
thing else in the whole world. "They
are Just so lovely."
So it will be a red-letter day for the
little maiden lady when "A Forest
Hearth" is put into her hands by some
ill-advised but well meaning friend.
For If ever there waB a love tale pre
pared especially for single and senti
mental ladies of many summers, this
is that one. To invalids taking the
rest cure who must be shielded from
excitement it must surely prove a gen
tle sedative. The growing girl of the
household will be happy to have it read
to her by the impressionable house
maid.
(The Macmillan Company, New York;
Illustrated; price $1 50.)
Well,' that precocious phrase gives
the ;whole thing away; of course, the.
little playmate gi»ws stronger in his
affections with the years. But there
is a man twice the age of Rita who
fain would clasp her to his bosom. So
affected is he by her very presence that
"his heart was filled with Joy, his face
beamed with pleasure and his scalp
was suffused by a rosy hue." Alas,
the race is not for him .-and .the 'only,
thing he can do in the story is to give
the hero an engagement ring when the'
time for that stage property is full ripe.'
But it is in order 'for a' little excite-,
ment by the time chapter six comes
around and so the town bully spies the
hero saluting the heroine with a soulful
kiss ur>on the banks of the Wabash.
Beinp: "not full but comfortable" at
the time the town bully attempts a
like courtesy, when biff— he is spurned
to the earth. Of course, he draws a
knife and the hero would have been
ignominiously skewered had not the
beautiful Rita done what Clyde Fitch
made Barbara Frietchie do^-shot the
dog. Then "the girl's face turned pale,
the gun fell from her hands, her eyes
closed and she would have fallen," etc.,
etc. So the changes are rung for 354
mortal pages of single leaded type.
It is a sad' failing of some authors
not to know when to stop. Mr. Major
forsook the law some three years back
to ride Into fiction full sail with the
flood-tide of the romantic novel. It
was a hit. that "Knighthood." But
now the tide has begun to recede and
Mr. Major, with his eyes still on blos
soming chivalry, continues to write
upon the pedestal "whence all but him
have fled." Success has been known
prettier color than your rosy cheeks
and glossy black hair, and no truer
friend than your loving little heart."
thing better. Listlessness Is a part of
the character of the poor.
It cannot be doubted that every cir
cumstance London portrays In his
book is true. His work' should set
strong men to thinking. Rut few will
arrive at the conclusions which London
sets. forth so dogmatically.
(Children of the Tenements; The Mac
millan Company, New York; illus
trated; price $1 50. The People of the
Abyss; by the same publishers; illus
trated by photographs; price $2.)
as a child. Despite the choleric dispo
sition of her mother, Rita, for that is
her name, waxes strong In years and
understanding. She plays with a com
panion from up the river, who, In his
youthful ardor, born of about twelve
years' understanding, declares to "her:
"I want no better mirror, my little
sweetheart/ than your brown eyes; no
THE LIFE OF A WOODEN DOLL.
Lewis Saxby; Fox. Duffield A Co., New
York; illustrated; price $1 25.
RHYMES OP REAL CHILDREN;
Betty Sage; Fox. Duflleld & Co.. New
York: illustrated by Jessie Wllcox
Smith: price $1 50.
EAST OF ASIA. North China Her
ald. Shanghai; Illustrated; price II 50.
KUTE KIDS' KALENDAR. F. M.
Goodrich; Dodge's, Stationers, Ban
Francisco; Illustrated; price 73 cents.
MONSANTO AND LANGUEL
LIER'S PRACTICAL COURSE IN
SPANISH; American Book Company,
New York: prica $125.
THE FIRST LOVES OF PERILLA.
John Corbin; Fox, Duflleld & Co., New
York: Illustrated.
THE LOST KING, Henry Shackel
ford; Brentano's, New York; Illus
trated; price $1 23.
GEORGE WASHINGTON JONES,
Ruth McEncry Stuart; Altemus Com
pany, Philadelphia; illustrated.
HALF A DOZEN HOUSEKEEP
ERS. Kate Douglas Wlggin; Altemus
Company. Philadelphia; illustrated;
price $1 CO.
THE REIGN OF QUEEN ISTL.
Gelett Burgess and Will Irwin: Mc-
Clure, Phillips & Co., New York; prico
J125.
THE PLANETARY SYSTEM*. F. B.
Taylor; published by the author. Fort
Wayne. Indiana; illustrated.
JAMES WHITCOMB RILEY IN
PROSE AND PICTURE. John A. How
land; Handy & Hlggins, Chicago; Illus
trated and decorated; price $1 50.
GRIMM'S KINDER- UND HAUS
MARCHEN; American Book Com
pany, New York; prico 45 cents.
CHILDREN OF THE TENEMENTS,
Jacob A. Rlis; The Macmillan Com
pany. New York; illustrated; prica
$1 50.
THE SPIRIT OF THE SERVICE;
Edith Elmer Wood; The Macmillaa
Company, New York; illustrated;
price $150.
AUNT JIMMY'S WILL, Mabel Os
good Wright; The Macmillan Com
pany. New York: illustrated; price $1 50.
THE PEOPLE OF THE ABYSS.
Jack London; The Macmillan Com
pany. New York: illustrated; price $3.
Latest Books
Just Received
Valuable Aids
to Linguists
TWO of our San Francisco literati
have harked back to the good old
days of the earliest story tellers
to find the form for a tale upon which
they have collaborated. "The Reign of
Queen Isyl," by Gelett Burgess and
Will Irwin. has the old stilted pro
logue and high sounding chapter head
ings of an eighteenth century romance,
but sparkles with the most up-to-date
'slangr and is replete with modernisms
which are more startling in contrast to
their archaic setting.
Again, like some of the old Italian
romances the book contains tales with
in a tale. Upon the skeleton plot of a
carnival queen of San Jose, who was
spirited away upon the eve of her coro
nation to have a pretender sit upon the
throne of mirth, the two authors have
stretched a web of stories from the
mouths of the principal characters
which divide the honors of interest on
the part of the reader with the thread
of the main narrative.
There Is enough mystery to the royal
abduction to satisfy the most Invet
erate reader of Anna Katherin- Green
and the talcs recounted by the news
paper special correspondent, the pro
fessional spieler and the rest are
breezy and new. The book is a good
one to pick up for an hour while dinner
is being prepared; it will give you
something to laugh about and make
the meal the more pleasant.
fMcClure. Phillips & Co., XewYork;
price 51 E0.)
Rattling Story
of a Carnival
The Christmas number of th»
"World's Work interprets timely phases
of our national and insular develop
ment, and rounds up a year of distinct
magazine achievement. Of vital sig
nificance Is Sereno S. Pratfs article.
"Who Owns the United States?" in
which concrete facts and figures show
the centralization of our financial
power and how all the wealth of the
country is In the control of compara
tively few people. The second of the
'series of articles on "The PostofBce and
the People." by M. G. Curmlff, shows
how and why our postofflce is inade
quate, and how H is the true and per
manent postal scandal. With "Ths
True Character of New York Publio
Schools," Miss A. M. Shaw begins a
series of first-hand studies of American
schools. Her" first article, which is pro
fusely illustrated by photographs taken
especially for the World's Work,
shows by facts and figures conditions
that every citizen should know. /•/— ?
oratlons „ by Margaret Armstrong;
Price SI 60.)
Herein lies the great difference be
tween London, the new writer on the
elums. and Riis, the man of years' ex
perience. Earnestly as Mr. London
may have sought after the truth and
diligently as he may have striven to
get to the bottom of things, he betrays
too ready a tendency to Jump at con
clusions and draw deductions from the
thing* which fit his theory. Within
the short space of a few months" time,
London endeavored to familiarize him
self with the life to which Riis tM de
voted years of study. Naturally, he
oouid not know his Whitechapel like
Riis knows his Bleecker street and
Chatham Square, but with his insuffi
cient knowledge, London has gone to
the lengths of making sweeping gener
alisations upon social questions which
Riis has never voiced.
London approached Whitechapel with
preconceived ideas of the rights of
man and the duties of governments,
bora of his earlier socialistic studies.
When he discovered so many thou
sands of creatures who did not enjoy
these rights he attributed all of their
wrongs to a decayed Bociety, which he
declares Is only fit for the scrap heap.
His marine fireman, who spends his
earnings In beer, is not held to account
per re for the life that is his, but is
merely one of the unfortunate atoms
ground to dust by this self-same de
crepit machine of society.
Rlis has shown that -the hopelessly
poor are stubborn In their wretchedness
and neglect or even resent opportuni
ties for their betterment. To his eyes
the degradation of the great cities'
poor is due in great measure to an
Inborn disinclination to aspire to any-
Since Jack London has suddenly ven
tured into the field of slum literature
with "The People of the Abyss," he
roust naturally be subject to a com
parison with an acknowledged student
of the poor such as Riis. Yet so few
points have the two In common that
comparison is almost defied.
London has attacked his subject
with an ax. He is a strong man, a
etrong writer; perhaps he could not
approach any subject with a whit less
energy than he used In climbing Chil
coot Pass. But his ardor In attacking
the elums of the East End of the great
city, his nameEake, is so strong as to
color his entire book with a very per
ceptible bias. He evidently knew that
everything was all wrong in London
and he went there to prove It to himself
and to the world.
When this keen-sighted Dane was
first thrown in contact with the sordid
life of the New York tenements it was
in the capacity of a police reporter for
a. metropolitan newspaper. He did
not jjo down into the elums with a
fore-or«2ained determination to catch a
hurried glimpse of the muck and the
reek p.nd then to return to the pure air.
there to write tomes upon the shocking
lives of the poor. But it was his daily
duty, the price of his bread and butter,
which held RMs down to the Mulberry
Bend and Mott street year In and year
out until the life about him became a
part of him and its darkest corners
were disclosed to him. Then he began
to write and to work for these people
whose every life shadow he knew.
Riis did not give vent to diatribes
upon the enormities of the existence
which these people supported; he did
not mch into print with scathing con
demnations of government in general
and the Iniquities which were suffered
as a result of its pernicious machina
tions*. On the contrary, be wrote little
etories of real life in the tenements—
stories which reflected conditions as
they were without any comments by
the writer. He gave to the reading
world truthful transcript* from the
real lives of real people.
Such a collection of short tales is his
latest book, "The Children of the Tene
ments." Written originally for the
New York Sun. Riis" paper, and for
the Century Magazine, these little
stories are of a merit well deserving
the distinction of book covers. Some
are pathetic, some In a humorous vein,
but all are told with a simplicity
which Impresses the reader first and
above all of their truth.
Two Writers
of the Slums
? — j
PEMHAPS the fad for slum litera
ture, which has been in vojjur
for tlie last four or five years.
auguis well for the charitable spirit of
the times; perhaps it is merely a pass
Ing fancy and the good people who in
dulge themselves in the writing of such
literature will leave It with a sigh and
pas=s on to new fields when the popular
taete has been satiated. True it if.
nevertheless?, that at no time in the
history of book writing has the other
half found such ardent champions as
It possesses right at the present time.
Within the last month there have ap
peared two more bocks upon the slums
—Jacob A. Rlis' "Children of the Tene
ments" and Jack London's "The Peo
ple of the Abyss." The former In a cot
lection of short stories, the lattrr a
vigorous portrayal of ugly facts. Both
are good books.
"What influence it has been which
has moved so many of the present-day
writers to champion the cause of the
hopeless poor it is hard to determine.
Is it that the old Rousseau idea of the
brotherhood of man has become rein
carnate after a hundred years of dor
mant existence, or is it that the spirit
of socialism has crept into the channels
of literature? Is there greater charity
In the twentieth century peoples than
heretofore? Witness the works of
Richard Whiteing. Sir Walter Besant
and Israel Zanpwill In England and of
our own slum thampions,, Josiah Flynt,
Jacob Riis, Edwin Townsend and the
latest fighter in the ranks. Jack London.
Kach of these- writers will give a dif
ferent answer to the questions.
Of the Americans who have devoted
their pens to the uplifting of the lot
of the poor, Jacob Riis is pre-eminently
the leader. He is the man who has
not only written things, but has actual
ly done them. Through his twenty-five
years' daily contact with the sore spots
of New York he has gained a knowl
edge of the things whereof he writes
euch es is possessed by no other man
who essays the literature of the slums.
Rlis sees to the bottom and under
stands better than any one else th«*
causes, inherent in the poor themselves,
which are responsible for tholr pitiable
condition.
The Booklovers" Magazine for De
cember rounds out its first year with
the Christmas number, and appears
with a new and exceedingly beautiful
cover. The general feature of the
former cover-scheme — that of a leather
bound book— is retained, but the design
is entirely different and the color Is a
warm.. rich crimson, with gold letter-
Ins. A. miniature of Van Dyck's cele
brated painting of "Baby Stuart." re
produced in colors, appears as a medal
lion in the center of the cover surround
ed with a wreath of holly.
Good Magazines
for Christmas
mm — cCLURE'S Magazine for Decem-
JYg ber . In harmony with the gen
•* *^ tlenesa of the season, moderates
a little Its strenuous, battering-ram
tone of the last few months. It is, in
fact, decidedly Christmasy, with Its
beautiful illustrations— many in tint —
and amiable fiction; and' is all aglow
with the spirit of truce-time. For the
strenuous reader, however, there are
articles by Ida SI. Tarbell, Ray Stan
nard Baker and others.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
A CORNER IN THE LIBRARY
7
ADVE&TISEMENTS.
O* A ROMANCE OP THE OLD WEST TC
$ TH X p^j
! S By HARRY LEON WILSON J*
'„« , AUTHOR OF "THE SPENDERS" m
ft* THE BROOKLYN ST. LOUIS REPUBLIC:
&j ¦ DAILY EAGLE: MTh , „,«„¦,*. h^ t -Th, Lion. <S
'Mi *"Tha Lions of tho Lord* is in to- of tha Lord' will , certainly finish it. $P 4
£j£ menscly impresshra story. Without There's a tragedy at tha dosa, tha in- • V «L*
V) , affectation, withoat strain, without ciri- exorable tragedy oJ Joel Rao's life, but O
i^FJ catate.it affords • picture of the fli-ht there's also one of the prettiest ei love- ',***
£& Into the wilderness, and of the men who story happy endiags, la which a dishing *A
iQ . converted that flight into a purposeful cowboy plays Young LochinTar la a 'Q(
£f! and . ultimately triumphant conquest, way to make 70a want to jump up tad "T
hh . which has not hitherto been equalled." whoop httrrahs for him. The plot U ;^t
jO| % adnurably constructed, and there is real < *
j3( THE BOSTON . »»t»l>tT the people."
$ TRANSCRIPT: y*J
G$ " Heretofore no novel has dealt so v^ PHILA. PUBLIC LEDGER : !^
ft±3 tally with the history, the scenes, and tha „_- . , .. ; -. , '*'•
E? character, of MormonUm. and no pred- Certam.y much has been written r*.
H^ . ecessor has so clearly .track the key»ot. f "^ * e \ lonio^ *»'> ¦? ""^ . &
Sfl . . ¦ of it. comedy is well .. iu fearsdm. *"?* Ou ' » ?*«*^f A£
¦O.- tragedy. JoeJ Rae, the he».bona that ">T comlanes hmorxal record wih WE
<•*¦ . v • -~ * • 11 -¦-.-• well-wntten fiction. ' '«K|
tt may not soon be forgotten." • . postpaid, $1.30 W
Art LOTHROP PUBLISHING COMPANY, BOSTON j^"Rioters in possession: have run
car out of town. Send police to head
them; off." ,* / ,\ -¦ ¦- • • •
'Amy" | Morgan -sat In ; .' the auditor's
office, receiving the ''reports V as each
car returned from its trip to the lake,
her -. enthusiasm" prising- as-the after
noon^, waned: * - : At' : '6.'p'clock the; cars
were i to- be. turned- back" to the com
pany, arid 'it; waff, .just 5:i!0 : when the
telephone in the superintendent's room
rang ,.\ylth, that; peculiar Insistence,
which presages trouble. . . V
".Riot imminent at,Dpb3on3 Corner,"
was the news.' "Gang of toughs' have
taken possession of car-No. 527; motor
mp.n; thrown' off ;M>adly injured." ;- v '
"Don't : tell Amy,", was* her father's
first' ord6r. t as he closed j the door lead
ing. Into the /auditor's .room, i He had
been at hi3' daughter's elbow all after
noon. . : :
of- the Altar Guild ¦ will have charge
of the v.ork, and will act as conductors
during the- afternoon. -Individuals >vho
wlll.notfind it convenient to patronize
the road \ oh . that day .' may send
checks,, payable to Miss Amy Morgan,
treasurer of the' guild." ' . ." ' • ¦'>"..•«"¦'..
'And It certainly "seemed when ;the
afternoon ¦: arrived ; - that all CentervMe
was bound -for Lake View. The super
intendent ¦• "arid his assistants held', a
irurried- conference, and^.it .was decided
that .•• the ,' regular, conductoj-s. who had
anticipated a dayoff, shbuld be;,pr.essed
into * service .to -assist .-;'• the-,' .'young
women acting as conductors/:' and 'an
emergency call was -scnt^out for the
men to report at once." ' : * '• "¦'¦'• ' ¦
Without a . word ; she held out her
hands,- and he drew her" close with his
dusty ' blue : coat - sleeve around her
dainty.- summer gown, and : bis ¦. classic
features,- still v grimy from the terrific
onslaught and ride, hidden in her soft,
chestnut- hair. 1
"Are a • very , good pair, to draw to.
Amy, i It " was , the ; only, way ' to • win- you
—and now,- 1 £ want -my .* promised re
ward."';: . ... « ;' s ' . .
They were standing in her father's
private , office, screened from the ex
cited throngs in the yards, but her
father had Suddenly disappeared.' Sha
looked at hl3 r vacant chair, then " back
to young: Watklns', ; dancing eyes.
"He • knew— you— two" .
"I meant to offer you . something
better as the fruits of rhy # apprentice
ship in your father's trade' than a dis
abled car and 'two victims of mv old
lessons in bag-punching. But Fate has
her own v/ay of. pushing the good
work on." , ".
"I ' never! : knew that Fate could be
so kind," father." ' ¦ ,
.We've been using -him extra. He can
handle the car if*he don't lose his
head." . v' . ~ '¦'"•¦
Mr. Morgan . looked relieved, but
there was no keeping It; from Amy.
Long* before the car could be heard
tearing_.dovvn , thef. incline leading to
the. barns she. had read trouble in the
faces, around, her and demunded the
truth. So s-he stood with straining
gaze and tight clasped hand, as the
great ' motor car "used for suburban
seryide , came plungiftg into view. I On
the .fro r).t . platform .stood a . slender,
girlish ligure, waving her hat' as, a
signal . of their safety. Bsside, her.
with: his aim on the' gleamitig ' brass
crank, stood a stalwart, bare-headed
man. On the floor of the car lay.
prone." and.^silent, two battered toughs.
The rest had been dropped along the
line. A gesticulating:,.. shouting crowd
Oi. employes surrounded the car as it
pulled up with 'u jerk, but Amy saw
just one figure in the dramatic picture,
the man /.vho bent with calm, smiling
eyes above the. brass crank. ¦
FOR LOVE OF AMY
A. S. Richardson
The flooring was loose in the corner,
and plank by. plank the two savants
raised it and leaned It against the wall.
Below there was a square aperture
and a stair of old stone steps which led
away down Into the bowels of the
earth.
"I had some very narrow escapes at
first, but I have gradually learned to
go about. There Is a certain system
to it, but it is one which a lost man.
if he were in the dark, could not pos
sibly find out. Even now I always spin
out a ball, of string behind me when I
am going far. Into the catacomb. You
can see for yourself that it is difficult.
but every one of these passages divide
and subdivide a dozen times before you
go a hundred yards. ? Follow- me close
ly. Do not < loiter to look at' anything .
upon the way, for, the place which . I.
will take' you to contains all that you*
can see and more. It will save time
for Us to go 'there: direct." • - ¦ ¦, i
< He led the way down one of the cor-,
rldors, and : the Englishman .- followed •
closely : at ' his heels. t Every .now and.
then thie passage bifurcated, but "Bur-*
ger was evidently following some secret
"Not. he. iHe had found one or two
objects k whlch. made me almost certain
that .his -house was built on the en
trance to such a place. So I rented it
from him, and did my excavations my
self." Come in 'and shut the door be
hind you." '• >-v
It was a long, empty building, with
the mangers of the cows along one
wall.- . Burger put his lantern down ou
the ground, and shaded its light in all
directions pave one by draping his over
coat around it.
"It might excite remark if any one
saw a light in this lonely place." said
he. "Just help me to move this board
ing. " BSPS
'.'The entrance to it is. That is Just
the safeguard which we have against
any- one '.else discovering it."
¦ "Does the proprietor know of it?"
"Not such;.' a fool. By Jove! I am
chilled to the bone. Come on. Burger.
lei us v.-arm outselves by* a spurt of
hard- walking.",
He : had lit his lantern, and by its
light they ' Were enabled to follow a
narrow and devious track which wound
across the marches of Campana. The
great aqueduct of old Rom* lay like
a monstrous caterpillar across the
moonlit landscape, and their road ltd
them under one of the huge arches.
and past the circle of crumbling bricks
which marks the old arena. At last
Burger stopped at a solitary wooden
cowhouse, and he drew a key from his
pocket. ,
"Surely your catacomb is not inside
a house!'* cried Kennedy.
present. You will find me at the Gale
at twelve."
The cold, clear air was filled with the
musical chimes from that city of clocks
as Burger, wrapped in an Italian over-
coat, with 'a lantern hanging from his
hand/walked, up to the rendezvous.
Kennedy, stepped out of the shadow to
meet him.
"You are ardent in work as well as
In love," said the German, laughing.
"Yes; I have been waiting here for
nearly an hour." -. . ' "
"I hope you left no clew as to where
we were soing?" . '. :
"Certainly," said the German, gath
ering up .his basket, of curiosities,
"when he .tells anything about -a girl
which is previously unknown he must
be bo.- But" in this case, as you must
be aware, it was a public matter,
•which: was the .common .talk of
Rome, bo that you are not really doing
Miss Mary Saunderson any " injury • by
\dlscussing her case with me. .But 6tlll
I respect your scruples, and so good
night." : ' ..
"Wait a. bit. Burger." Bald Kennedy,
laying his hand upon the other's arm.
"I am very keen upon this catacomb
business, and I -can't let- ir-droo" so
easily. Would you mind asking me
Bomething else in return — something
cot quite eo eccentric this time?" -
"No, no. You have refused, and there
!s an end of it.", said Burger, .with his
basket on his arm.- "No -doubt— you
nre quite right also, and eo again, my
dear Kennedy, good-night."- • •
The Englishman watched , Burger.
cross the room, and he had. his. hand
on the handle of the door before his'
host sprang up with the air of a' man
who is making the best, of that which
cannot be helped. * . •
"Hold on. old fellow."., said he. "I
think you are behaving In a most ridic
ulous fashion; but still If 'this is your
condition I suppose that .1 must sub
mit to it. I hate saying anything about'
a glrl/f but, as you say, -it Is all over
Rome,' and I don't suppose I can tell
you anything which you do not know
already. What was it you wanted to
know?" c
The German came back to the stove,
and, laying down his basket, he sank
into his chair once more. . .
"May I have another cigar?" said he.
"Thank you very much. I never smoke
•when I work, but I enjoy a chat much
more when I am under the influence
of tobacco. Now, as regards this young
lady with whom you had this little'ad
venture. What In the world has be
come of her?"
"She Is at home In England with her
own people.**
"What part of England. London?"
•
(Copyright by MeClure, Phillips & Co.)
KENNEDY sat thinking, with his
fine forehead wrinkled and his
fingers playing with his Ions,
lair mustache.
"You have given yourself away. Bur
ger," raid he at last. "Your words can
only apply to one thing. You have dis
covered a new catacomb."
"Quite so. There is no mystery about
that. I have discovered a new cata
comb."
•Where?"
"Ah, that is rny secret, my deer Ken
nedy. SuSce It that it is so situated
that there is not one chance in a mil
lion of any one else coming upon it.
Its date is different from that of any
known catacomb, and it has been re
served fur the burial of the highest
•Christians, so that the remains and the
relics ore quite different from anything
which has ever been seen before."
Kennedy loved his subject with a
love which was almost a mania — a
love which held him true to it amidst
all the distractions which come to a
wealthy and dissipated young man.
"Look here. Burger," eaid he earnest
ly. "1 assure you that you can trust me
most implicitly in the matter."
Burger smiled thoughtfully over his
cigar.
"I have noticed, friend Kennedy."
said he, " that when I want informa
tion over any point you are not al
ways eo ready to supply It."
"What you are driving at I cannot
imagine," said the Englishman: "but
if you mean that you will answer my
question about the catacomb if I an
swer any question which you may put
to me, I assure you that I will cer
tainly do bo."
"Well, then," said Burger, leaning
luxuriously back in his settee and puf
fing a blue tree of cigar smoke into
the air, "tell me all about your rela
tions with Miss Mary Saunderson."
Kennedy sprang up in his chair and
glared angrily at his impassive com
panion.
"What the devil do you mean?" he
cried. "What sort of a question is this?
You may mean it as a joke, but you
never made a worse one."
"No. I don't mean It as a Joke." said
Burger, simply. "I am really rather
Interested in the details of the matter.
I don't know much about the world
and women and social life and that
sort of thing, and such an incident
has the fascination of the unknown for
me. I know you and I know her by
eight — I had even spoken to her once
or twice. I ehould .very much like to
bear from your own lips exactly what
It was which occurred between you."
"I won't tell you a word."
"That's all right..* It -.was -.only my.
whim to see if you. would give up a se-.
eret as easily *as 'you expected me to
give up my secret of the new cata
comb. 'You "'wouldn't, and I didn't ex
pect you *,to. But why should you ex
pect -otherwise of me? There's St.
John's clock Btrlklng ten. It Is ' auite ,
timeVl was going home."
*JNo; wait a bit. Burger." said Ken-'
ne4y: "this, is really,- a ridiculous ca
price of yours to wish to know about
an old love affair which has burned out
months ago.' *You know we look upon
a man -who -kisses and tells as the
greatest coward and villain possible."
"No. Twickenham."
"You must excuse my curiosity, my
dear Kennedy, and you must put it
down to my ignorance of the world.
No doubt it is quite a simple thing to
persuade a young lady to go off with
you for three weeks or so. and then
10 hand her over to her own family at —
what did you call the place?"
"Twickenham."
"Quite so— at Twickenham. But it
is something so entirely -outside of my
own experience that I cannot even im
agine how you set about it. For ex
ample, if you had loved, this girl, your
love could hardly disappear in three
v.eeks, so I presume that you could not
have loved her at all. But if you did
not love her, why should you make this
great scardal, which has damaged you
and ruined her?"
Kennedy looked moodily into the red
eye of the stove.
"That's a logical way of looking at it.
certainly," said he. "Love is a big
word, and it represents a good many
aifferent shades of feeling I liked her
and — well, you say you have seen her —
you know how charmingly she could
look. But still I am willing to admit,
looking back, that I could never have
really loved her."
"Then, my dear Kennedy, why did
you do it?"
"The adventure of the thine had a
great deal to do with it."
"What! Are you so fond of adven
tures!"
'Where would the variety of life be
without them? It was for an adven
ture that I first began to pay my at
tention to her. I've chased a trood der.1
of game in my time, but there's no
chase like that of a pretty woman.
There was the piquant difficulty of it,
also, for, as she was the companion
of Lady Emily Rood, it was almost im
possible to see her alone. On the too
of all the other obstacles which at
tracted me, I learned from her own lips
very early in the proceeding that she
was engaged." -*,-::¦
"Mein Gott! To whom?"
"She mentioned no name."
"I do not think that any one knows
that. So that made the adventure more
alluring, did it?"
"Well, it did certainly give a spice to
it. Don't you think so?"
"I tell you that I am very Ignorant
about these things."
"My dear fellow, you can remember
that the apple you stole from your
neighbor's tree . was always sweeter
than that which. fell from your ovrn.
And then I found that she cared for
me."
"What— at once?"
"Oh. no; it took about three months
of sapping and mining. But at last I
won her over. She understood that un
judicial separation from iny wife made
it impossible for me to do the right
thing by her— but she came, all the
tame, and we had a delightful time as
long as It lasted."
"But how about the other man?"
Kennedy shrugged his shoulders.
"I suppose it is the survival of the
fittest," said he. "If he had been the
better man she would not have deserted
him. Let's drop the subject, for I have
had enough of it."
"Only, one other thing. How did you
get rid of her in' three weeks?"
"Well, we had both cooled down a bit.
you understand.- -She absolutely re
fused, under any circumstances, to
come back to face the people she had
known in Rome. Now, of course. Rpme
is necessary to me. and I was already
pining to be back at my work*— so there
was an obvious cause for separation.
Then, again, her old father turned up
at the hotel in London, and there was
a scene, and the whole thing became
so unpleasant that really— though I
missed ' her dreadfully at first— I was
very glad to slip out of It. Npw. Irely
upon you not to repeat anything of
what I have said.''.
"My dear Kennedy. I should * not
dream of repeating it. But all' that; you
say " Interests me very ? much. • for It
gives -me an Insightr Into your. waVof
looking &t things, .which is entirely; dif
ferent from mine, for. I\have»seen. so
little. of life. »«And t now; you' want- to
know about my new- catacomb. There's
no use of my trying to describe iU for
you .would jaevec find .it, by. that. There
is only one thing for me to do. -and
that is for me to'. take you- there."" -
"That would be splendid:" ¦?"'
" "When ' would -you like to come?" '
- "The sooner, the better.^ I am all im
patience, to see it.".- ; - v .
."Well, it is a beautiful nigh*— though
ai trifle ¦ cq'.d. £ Suppose . we start *itr y an
hour. We must be very careful to keep
the matter s to ourselves.", If [any one
saw us hunting In couples they would
suspect that there was something go
ing. on."- • ,-"• ¦ '.
"We can't be ioo cautious," said Ken
nedy. "Is it far?" /
* "Some miles."
"Not tco far. to walk?"
"Oh, no; we could walk there easily."
"We had better do so then. A cab
man's suspicions would be aroused if
he dropped us both at some lonely spot
in the dead of night."
"Quite so. I think it would be best
for us to meet at the Gate of the Ap
plan Way-at midnight I must go back
to my lodgings for the matches; and.
candies and things."
"All right, Burger. , I think it is very
kind of you to let me. Into this secret,
and I promise you that I ¦ will write
nothing about it until you have pub
lished your report. Good-by for the
(Copyright, 1903, by A. S. Richardson.)
Harry Watklns did not chance, his
lazy, easy position stretched at Amy
Morgan's ' feet, but his voice was
strangely tense and earnest.
"No. That would be airplay and no
work, and men weary Vf all play as
well as all work."
"That is the first time I ever heard '
that it was mere child's play to please
a woman and make her contented."
His tone was bantering, ; but Amy's '
face did riot soften with : mirth. .
"You do not understand.,! must mar
ry a man who. I think, { is a stronger
nature than myself— a man to whom
I can look up. - My father, like, most
self-made men, has his rough edges,
but he commands" a • certain - respect ;
which I want to give to' ray husband.
He is so completely. the master of the'
situation. He did not buy his position
as president of the Consolidated .Inter-'
urban Railway. He earned it step by'
step, from the day when he was first
given a car to oil."
* Harry Watklns was not smiling now.
His eyes were narrowing to a mere slit#
of clear gray, and his glance was fixed
on ; the.; Berkshire hills rising ' magnifi
cently on their. right, bathed now | in
richest September sunset. Suddenly he !
turned and took both of her slim,
graceful hands in his.
"Amy"— it was the fir^t- time he had
ever used her first name. . and her -
hands ' trembled slightly in his— "Amy.
dear, if I ever should come to you '
with the fruits of genuine effort In my
hands, could you — ?"
And looking Into . her smiling , eyes
he read the answer he wanted, v
It came out in huge black type:
- ."Our generous townsman: 'James
Forbes Morgain,, president of the Con
solidated . Interurban Railway, has
granted to } the : young -/ women of St.
James Church the use of his road . to
Lake View for the afternoon of July
4;, the proceeds - from carfares , to be
donated ' to the victims of ! the Cherry
Hill Mine disaster. The woung women
/ i
Some two months afterward the fol
lowing paragraph made the round of
the European press:
"One of the most Interesting discov
eries of recent years 13 that of the new
catacomb in Rome, which lies some dis
tance to the east of the well-known
vaults of St. Calixtus. The finding of
this Important burial place, which 13
exceedingly rich in most interesting
early Christian remains. Is due to the
energy and sagacity of Dr. Julius Eur
ger, the ycung German specialist, who
is rapidly taking the rirst place as -an
authority upon ancient Rome. Al
though the first to publish his discov
ery, it appears that a less fortunate
adventurer had anticipated Dr. Burger.
Some months ago Mr. Kennedy, the
well-known English student, dis
appeared suddenly from his rooms in
the Corso, and it was conjectured that
his association with a recent scandal
had driven him to leave Rome. It now
appears that he had in reality fallen a
victim of "that fervid love of arche
ology.which had raised him to a dis
tinguished place among living scholars.
His body was discovered in the heart of
the new catacomb, and it was evident
from the condition of his feet and boots
that he had tramped for days through
the tortuous corridors which make
these subterranean tombs so dangerous
to explorers. The deceased gentleman
had. with Inexplicable rashness, made
his way into this labyrinth without, as
far as can be discovered, taking with
him either candles or matches, so that
his sad fate was the natural result of
his own temerity. What makes the
matter more painful is that Dr. Julius
Burger was an Intimate friend of the
deceased. His joy at the extraordinary
find .which be has been so fortunate
as to % make has been greatly marred by
the terrible fate of his comrade and fel
low worker."
"If it were not for thla string which.
I hold in my hand I should not have a
notion which way to go."
"I dare say not. Strike- a light. f«",
and have an end to this nonsense."
"Well. Kennedy, there are two things
¦which I understand that you are very
fond of. The one is an adventure, and.
the other is an obstacle to surmount.
The adventure must be the finding of
your way out of this catacomb. The
obstacle will be the darkness and tha
two thousand wrong turns which make
the way a little difficult to find. But
you need not hurry, for you have plenty
of time, and when you halt for a rest
now and then I should like you Just
to think of Miss Mary Saunderson. and
whether you treated her quite fairly."
"You devil— what do you mean?"
roared Kennedy. He was running
about In little circles and clasping at
the solid blackness with both hands.
"Good-by," said the mocking voice,
and it was already at some distance.
"I really do not think. Kennedy, even
by your own showing, that you did the
right thing by that girl. There was
only one little thing which you ap
peared not to know, and I can supply
it. Miss Saunderson was engaged to a
poor, ungainly devil of a student, and
his name was Julius Burger."
There was a rustle somewhere, the
vague sound of a foot striking a stone,
and then there fell silence upon that
old Christian church— a stagnant, heavy
silence which closed round Kennedy
and shut him in like water round a
drowning man.
"And the darkness is something
dreadful* I tried it once for an experi
ment. Let us try it again!" He stooped
to the lantern, and in an instant It was
as if an invisible hand was squeezed
tightly over each of Kennedy's eyes.
Never had he known what such dark
ness was. It seemed to press upon
him and to smother him. It was a solid
obstacle against which the body shrank
from advancing. He put his hands out
to push It back from him.
"That will do. Burger." said he. •'Let
us have the light again." ]
But his companion began to laugh,
and in that circular room the sound
seemed to come from every side at once.
"You seem uneasy, friend Kennedy,"
said he.
"Go on, man. light the candle!" said
Kennedy, impatiently.
"It's very strange. Kennedy, but I
could not in the least tell by the sound
In which direction you stand. Could
you tell where I am?"
"No; you seem to be on every side
of me."
"Do you know how many wrong
turnings there are between this and
the stairs?" he asked. "There are over
two thousand. No doubt it was one of
the means of protection which the
Christians adopted. The odds are two
thousand to one against a man srettinsr
out, even if he had a light; but if he
were in the dark it would, of course,
be far more difficult."
"So I ehould think."
"Precisely," said Burger. "If I had
more time I should like to show you
all the bodies which are burled in thesa
niches upon the walls, for they are tha
early Popes and Bishops of the church,
with their miters, their erozlera and
full canonicals. Go over to that one
and look at it!"
Kennedy went across, and stared at
the ghastly head which lay loosely on
the shredded and molderlng miter.
"This is most interesting." said he.
and his voice seemed to boom against
the concave vault. "As far as my ex
perience goes, it is unique. Bring the
lantern over, Burger, for I want to see
them alL"
But the German had strolled away,
end was standing in the middle of a
yellow circle of light at the other sida
of the hall.
"By Jove!** cried Kennedy in an ecs
tasy, as Burger swung his lantern ovtr
the marble. "It is a Christian altar
pro bably the first ono in existence. Her*
is the little consecration cross cut upon
the corner of It. No doubt this circu
lar space was used as a church."
marks of his own. for he neither
stopped nor hesitated.
"What would happen if the light went
out?" Kennedy asked, as they hurried
onward.
¦ "I have a spare candle and a box of
matches in my pocket. By tha way,
Kennedy, have you any matches?"
"No. You had better give me some.'*
"Oh. that's all right. There is no
chance of our separating."
"How far are we going? It seems to
me that we have walked at least *
Quarter of a mile."
"More than that, I think. There is
really no limit to the tombs — at least.
I hav* never been able to find any.
This is a very difficult place, so I thlnJc
that I will use our ball of string."
He fattened one end of it to a project
ing stone and he carried the coil in
the breast of his coat, paying it out
as he advanced. Kennedy saw that It
was no unnecessary precaution, for tha
passages had become more complex and
tortuous than ever, with a perfect net
work of Intersecting corridors. But
these all ended in one large circular
hall with a square pedestal of tufa
topped with a slab of marble at one
end of It.
THE SUNDAY CAMi.
So thQ car- was - for Center
ville, that was one ¦ 'comfort, but there
¦were ;.ugly • curves i to : make and ,.two
sharp inclines, /which unaccustomed
hands .unsteady i< from liquor might
fail to aecompltsh.yprobably -.few pas
sengers were on board* but t there was
the, pretty girlish In char/re.
Jessica Wallace, one of Amy's : dearest
friends. Anxiety .was written on every.
face.; ; ¦';,'-;.. ;,._, .-",;. '/'_ .; , . ¦
"What conductor . is helping out
Miss Wallace?"
' "Watson ; that new chap ' who has
been working in the repair shop.
THE NEW CATACOMB
8beauty- 1 as- distinctive from mere" perfection of face
and figure is- peculiarly applicable -.to • her.' V Each
and every pne of her pictures' Is a complete charac
terization 'in itself-rrnbt'simply, a, good portrait' that
shows off . her • beauty, to the . best advantage, - but
that contains an ¦ added quality ' besides.
I have photographed: her- as the Queen of . Sheba
after her .'reign .as Queen of * the Mardl -Grasv' two
seasons ago and as the 'Empress Josephine after the
Mardl Gras » of ' last season, i and , prior '. to that , as
Queen of the* -big "Goethe-Schiller; Festival : at
the ' Mechanics' Pavilion,' which netted over J100.00O—
and ever has '-there 'been, besides, the"; regal r quality
of the characters themselves something cf her own
CnP? HE art of posing: Is simply the ability to make
I the most of whatever beauty you may possess.
I Indeed It Is nothing more or less than the art
X. of being beautiful at all times, under any cir
cumstances. Given a pretty woman in a becoming
go-ATi and much' that is artistic may be secured.
But alter all it is not enough that a woman' should
possess mere ; perfection of face and figure. ., She
must have as well that subtle, elusive something
which, for want of a better definition, I might'call
the spirit of beauty— the ability to portray' emo
tionally all those qualities of a dominating person
ality which in' a photograph as well, as in real life
not only attracts and holds the attention, but lives
longest in the memory of the beholder.
And such pictures, let me say at once, are as
rare in photography as such women themselves are
rare in real life. When we do find one, the result Is
invariably an almost endless array of negatives'
that run the gamut of human emotions from com
edy, to tragedy. ,..-,./.
Perhaps the most notable example of "this fact
Is Miss Joan Hadenfeldt, whose picture I present
herewith. Without doubt she has been photo
graphed more than any society girl is the West be-'
cause photographers are always seeking her. And
tbl« Is not simply because she has beautiful gowns
wf fcix.sbe knows how to wear. A handsome ward
nfbe, combined with * clever lighting effects and
other accessories, goes far toward making an attract
ive picture, but It is only the beginning in the art' of
' posing. There most be beauty of .the most • striking -
order and. Miss Hadenfeldt '-Is : certainly distinctive.
Indeed what I have just eald about the tpirit" of
magnetism., that . has . made* ¦ the ¦>' extremely-'; diverse
'¦ . personalities . on -these , occasions -'"/Beeina'. altogether
§her." own- '. Arid- yet «no three pictures" could be more
totally unlike; *¦ -' . / : •.&""¦ '
;-/. ; " By nature, however,- she Is extremely vivacious,
I and yet It: is -an odd circumstance that most of the
- pictures I have made, of her ; show, her in the heavier
• „ emotions. • Look at this, picture*, for instance. It Is
'not only a good portrait, but ft displays a depth of
emotion that borders-, on. the, tragic. And, the pose
- and expression are ' striking ~ In the extreme." In
; fact 'it is one of the most notable pictures I have
¦ ever made, and best Illustrates what I mean when
I say that it la not beauty alone that countsin the
> art '-, of » posing. - It is - the . Inborn capacity for deep
feeling. ¦ And yet , In contradiction to this I have
-many .pictures of this same young lady In easy,
graceful... animated poses, which while , far from
I being conventional attitudes are as different aa day
and nicht. *
To those women who place a vast deal of reliance
upon an expensive wardrobe as the chief element
of attraction in their pictures let me say that their
gowns should - be not . only : original, ¦ but harmonious.
The , simpler the -better. Gorgeous raiment detracts
from the merit of the pose Itself. A glance at this
picture, will Illustrate what I mean. The gown
though' rich Is, unobtrusive, while the head dress,
which' is certainly unique, blends so well Into the
spirit of the picture as to * be altogether indispen
sable. B^HflPIHIf
' No young lady In all my acquaintance has been
go persistently besought to give up 'her social life
for the stage. And to me the wonder la that she
¦ has. not taken the step sooner. If artistic pictures
alone .were her sole requisite she win warttf achl«r*
' V great rocceM. "
¦Mi m wM i«*smiai> 1— rflsMttMiMWIWri
Sunday Call
Women and Children's Section
THE
ART
OF
POSING
BY
VAUGHANIs it not better so? Does it not: pay
to see that th* skirt Is not bedraggled;
that the hat has some excuse j for ex
istence; that the boots do , not j squeak
and grate on the nerves of alUwithln
hearing ? When It means friends and
amusements and even a livelihood.
The business man argues 'that <{ the
girl' who gives her apparel considera
tion will give his interests . her full at
tention, and nine times out of ten he is
right, for generally there is method. In
her madness, and method is exactly
what he is looking for.- :
The newspaper girl, for 'instance,
would never make a success of her pro
fession if sh* went about looking: I de-_
jected and miserable. Not one person
In a hundred would thaw sufficiently to
give her a story, and she couldn't
worm it out of them, try aa hard as
she might, if she were togged out in a
picturesque fashion I or represented" the
ultra fashionable worldly woman.
Quicker than a flash the thought "gay"
would be put down against her, , and
while It might make a decided hit with
a questionable few, It doesn't pay by
any manner of means.
;0n the other hand the natty, short
*ult; and the chic hat nor, only look
well, but they always win respect and
admiration, v The man- with every min
ute of a long day scheduled will say:
"Ah. let her. in if 'she looks as though
she' had a grain; of sense." . It may be
that his judgment is of the most su
perficial sort, but - It •'¦ is :: man-fashion,
she was penny wise and not pound fool
ish/ - ,
r This lassie has learned another little
trick about herself and her employer.
If she goes lritban office cheaply'gown
ed she la instantly sized up ' and given
. "That waiter would be bacx soon.
But there would be rather a Ions wait
between this last and the next act. I
must get away where I could think.
My guests were chattering about the
show and I broke In on them.
"Do you know what I've doa»T" Z
other end of th« row with ray flnaa^ij
stability. -r . •*"*«*«
"He looked vastly relieved, mamma
smiled again benignly, the girls gab- 4
bled, and I— well, you can bet X never^
tried again to 'do the elegant' on t» per
weeit ¦. -. ¦ .¦ '
puff, adds a bow In a coquettish fash
ion here and a rose that he has sent
just there, and down she sallies with
sails full set to conquer or die. With
the rose and the bow as war paint she
declares that battle is on and those
who know hor best smile when they
cee her flaunt her signals.
With the business lassie it's quite
the same. Her war paint is of another
nature and meant to withstand the
glare of cold office scrutiny, but never
theless It is there and where one wins
out by a rose the other makes a touch
down with a bit of immaculate neck
wear, j
Glrsl will be girls the world over, and
each and every one of them realizes
full . well the , power- of being well and
becomingly gowned. Think well • of
yourself and the world follows suit; '
hang your head and the finger of scorn
is ever ready to be pointed at you.
This working girl took herself off
Into a convenient corner and had, a
long- heart to heart with ' herself.
"There's absolutely no sense in not be
ing dressed correctly," she argued with
herself. "Plain, substantial clothes al
ways wear far better than cheap fluffs
and I owe it to myself to keep up an
appearance."
And that Is the situation in a nut
shell. It need not necessarily follow
that Just because a girl works she has
no other interests or claims on life.
It is perfectly true that her time is not
her own to do with as she pleases, but
that only makes it the more imperative
that she keep well groomed and fresh,
else the time will not be far distant
when she will be a drab, forlorn -old
maid, thoroughly sour-balled on the
world and giving neither satisfaction
nor cheer.
It's bo terribly easy to fall into this
rut. Days pass, one exactly like an
other, with nothing but work, work,
and It soon comes to pass that Jack Is
an awfully dull boy, not caring what
happens nor looking ahead into the
future. And at that rate there isn't
any future. Even the most philan
thropic grow weary of sighs and long
gray faces and seek the sunny girl with
the merry laugh and the ready an
swer.
She may not have so very much to
make merry over, but ' she -laughs and
the world laughs with her; she makes
the best of things and her followers
vote her a jolly good fellow and rise
op aad call her blessed.
of golden shekels the wrong way should
Fhe sulk and make it known to all that
to-morrow's bread is an uncertain
quantity?
All, no; not this girl. Perhaps that
would have been considered quite the
proper caiier a few years back, but in
this use a.nd generation the essentially
imixjrtant thing is to remember to keep
your troubles to yourself. And as to
look at her, no one would ever so much
as dream that she and Mr. Worry were
or ever had been intimate friends, and
that Mr. Want had called several times
« h»n the weather was cold and pride
high. ;
And one reason for this change is
ihat so man; r women are standing
fchoulder to shoulder with men. and the
time has long since passed when it was
considered a burning disgrace to earn'
thread end butter and perhaps a bit of
jam honorably rather than to drain the
family coffers to the dregs and nightly
lall on your knees and devoutly pray
that the expenses may be lessened by
some kind chap coming along in the
very nick of time. 4
That may be all very well and good,
but somehow the attic with* a cheerless
hearth and an empty cupboard looks
good beside it. And here is where Miss
Business Lady makes her strong point.
An attic, be it ever so mean, does not.
tell 6tories, and these days it has come
lu be a recognized fact that good
clothes are often worn to cover up
poverty.
The girl who works is Just like any
other girl end she dearly loves all the
pretty furbelows and the dainty noth
ings that women wear, but she simply
can't afford them, and even if she
could, she is generally supplied with
enough plain, ordinary, common sense
to understand the eternal fitness of
things.
Eut mark you. she knows as -well
as you or the next one that shabby
garments no longer stand for anything
but plain inability, or worse yet, ill
health. They don't even stand for
¦womanly virtue or native talent as
they did in the good old days gon*j
by. and 6trange as it may seem to
those blessed with good old fashioned
ideas, the poorly clad girl is Invariably
the one who goes wearily on her way
answering this, that and the other ad
vertisement and finding no emloy
ment.
N'ow Mr. Skeptic, even though you
Ehake your head ar.d mutter, it's an
absolute fact. And you. Mrs. Wife-of
the-Business-Man, you may smile and
Bay "foolish," but use your eyes a bit
the very next time you visit your
husband in his sanctum-sanctorum
and take one long look at his secretary.
For it is now a part of the business
girl's code to dress well. Not in grand
spurts, but always. When she is look-
Ing for a position; when she has it, and
more especially, when she has lost it.
In other words, it is a part of her
business training.
But it most certainly isn't part of her
training and she most assuredly^
doesn't display* good common sense if
the rigs herself out regardlessly in
silks and satins and reserves the
calicos and rags for the privacy of her
two-by-four hall bedroom. Dangling
do-dads and flying- ends don't make
favorable impressions on sensible busi
ness men and the girl hunting fora po
sition is Quicker than any one else to
notice that, but she knows In her heart
of hearts that a well-cut tailor suit,
fresh linen and smart boots will do
more for her than a packet of recom
mendations and letters.
And does she take advantage of his
weakness? Well, rather. She Isn't the
least bit gullible and she knows for an
absolute fact that Mr. Map takes ber
In from the top of her head to the soles
of her shoes, even though he might
ewear the next instant thai be couldn't
ten a single, solitary thing that aha
said to them with an air of caador. 'I've
forgotten my keys, and my' landlady
locks uj> at 11 o'clock sharp.' j
" "While this wait is on I'll run over
to the house and get them— It's luckily
only -a few blocks away. She's a pep
pery tempered old lady, and If I should
ring her up late she might put me out
in the morning.'
"I grabbed my hat. I dared not take
my overcoat. TU be back before the
¦next turn,' I declared, and rushed up
the aisle.
"As I left my seat the stage manager
came from behind the scenes and sig^
nalcd the orchestra leader to stop. 1^
i Dr. Harrity is in the audience,* I heard
, him say, 'there is a telegram at the box
office for him.'
"When I reached the sidewalk there
was the man In the tall hat. with a
policeman, both shouting for a cab.
There was one standing across ths
I street, but the driver was missing. 'He's
in some saloon along here.' I heard ths
policeman say, 'I'll look foT him. doc
' tor.'
" 'Find him. or I'll take the cab my
self. I've got to get to Forty-third
street Instantly!' the physician cried.
'I'd give $5 to get there la ten minutes.'
"The cop disappeared and the doc
tor ran across the street to be near tha
cab when the driver appeared. And I
was richt by his side.
"Five dollars! Why. at the minute.
Jack. I'd have committed highway rob
bery for that sum!
" 'You Jump in,' said I to the doctor.
I'll get you there. What's the num
ber?'
"He cave me a look which assured
me he knew I was not the driver of
the. cab: but he told me the number.
'I'll give you $5 If you're there in ten
minutes.' he said.
"I expected to hear the officer or the
driver of the turnout yelling at me to
stop. But the doctor wasn't in the cab
any quicker than I was up on ths high
seat. And I woke that cab horse up.
"Inside of the ten minutes we stoppc^
before the number Dr. Harrity gave
me. He was out and up the steps ring
ing the bell in a flash. For a second
I thought the promised $5 was getting
away from me. and I had made a crlm-j
inal of myself for nothing.
"I leaDed down just as the door of
the house opened. A man let the doctor
in. but I seized his coat tails before he
could disappear.
"The doctor tried to Jerk away, but
I hung on. 'Johnson!' he shouted to
the serving man, 'give this- fool $5 and
kick him out!' But I didn't wait to be
kicked after getting my grip on tfle
fiver.
"You can bet that I wasn't to b»
hired to drive that cab back to the
theater. I took a car down the ave
nue and walked calmly into the lobby
Just as the orchestra began to play the
introduction for the first number after
the intermission.
"As I passed In there was the officer
and an excited cabman Jawing each
other, with a curious crowd about them.
Evidently cabby blamed the policeman
for the disappearance of his rig.
"I slid into- my seat. Jack. Just as tha
curtain went up. There were the
glasses on the shelf In front of my
guests, and I^saw the waiter, rather
anxious by now, hovering about.
" 'Oh, I fonrot to pay for these
drinks.' I remarked, and passed over
the fiver with an air which evidently
impressed the old gentleman at the
"Ah and it Is a tale— a tale of won,"
Binning began. "It happened a good bit
ago, too: not long after I came down
here to the city, believing, in my green
ness, that I could cut a swath In law
that would lay over anything I could
do In the plow-making line.
"Dad zot me a chance wltn a cood
firm and then paid no further attention
V. me — financial attention, J mean. I
was as lonely as a strange cat sit first,
but after a few months one of the boys
In the office introduced me to a rather
nice family uptown.
"There were three girls In the family,
and as I bad hardly spoken to a girl
since leaving home, this introduction
seemed a godspeed to me. But I'va
wondered since if my fellow clerk did
not introduce me simply to make his
own escape from matrimonial toils the
easier. As my visits increased, his de
creased.
"So it was up to me to treat every
body alike. And I wag. determined to
do the elegant. I invited the bunch,
daughters and mamma and papa, to go
to the theater, bought six scats right in
this very row.
"It pretty nearly cleaned me out- Six
dollars was two-thirds of a week's sal
ary, and after mentally figuring It up
I decided that I would excuse myself
after the thaw and let my guests go
home alone. I could not afford even
another round of carfares ! ¦¦:
"Well, we rustled into our seats like
a nock of pigeons — papa, at one end and
myself here on the aisle. After the first
two or three numbers on the pro
gramme, the waiters got . extremely
busy. To tell you the troth. I had not
taken into consideration the fact that
liquid refreshments were served, but I
figured that I could stand one round for
the crowd, even If I had to walk from
the office to my lodsings several even
ings to pay for Jt.
"So I suggested a drink to the girl
next to me. She took me up with posi
tively frightful alacrity, and passed on
the proposition to the others. I turned
to beckon the waiter, intending to order
six of those foaming glasses in an off
hand manner, bound to impress the ob
server with the fact that I was the
Real Thing. ..
" 'Oh, Mr. Binning," said the daughter
next to me, 'I think I'll take a lemon
ade.'
'• 'And so will I-. Mr. Binning.' said the
second sister. The .third and mamma 1
followed suit. Whew! In those few sec
onds mv collar wilted, i .
"Evan the old man, evidently consid
ering that I would be; offended If • he
ordered beer, asked for something In
the line of mixed poison that I knew
plaguey well he'd never tasted. Then
the waiter, with increasing affability,'
looked at me.
"It's a terrible thing to be a coward.
Jack. I wanted to blurt out: 'Not with
my money!' But I didn't dare, so I or
dered the same, mysterious drink that
the old man had spoken for and saw
the waiter hurry away with a feeling
that he might as well bring the house
officer back with him when he returned
with the refreshments. -
"Those six drinks would amount to
SI SO, and I had just 75 cents in my
pocket!
"All the Impossible means of getting
out of the entanglement raced through
my mind. I couldn't even see what was
going on upon the stage. The falling
of the curtain ar.d a burst of applause
roused me
and any. girl who nas her own living tc
make would do well to humor his fan
cies, no matter how foolish she may
think them. What if she has to rus
raadly to her nearest accommodating
friend and lay the situation before her.
And let me tell you right here that
true friendship Is to be found among
those who toll early and late for their
daily bread, and; there Isn't one girl
In a hundred who would not gladly
loan a gown or a hat toward the
cause.
To be sure It Isn't always the most
I pleasant thing in the world to start off
* to work clad in the best suit your chum
has and to be constantly reminded if a
sudden shower should come up that
Mary's pet hat would probably be much
the worse for year. It isn't pleasant,
but it is profitable, and that is Infinitely
more to the point when It comes down
to a matter of hard, cold facts. Even
the most capable office girl may have a
long streak c-f bad luck and when the
mere ' borrowlts of a friend's pretty
¦frock would put her upon her feet
again wouldn't she be the silliest thing
that ever happened not to take advan
tage of her opportunities?
v The girl who sings at concerts has
her stock In trade and she don't depend
entirely . upon her voice, either. She
knows that she must make a good ap
pearance and that her manner must be
gracious and charming. And how could
she be thoroughly at ease if her gown
was r.ot smartly cut and she had to
remember to keep her skirt lust so in
order not to reveal her shabby boots? .
That isn't the way to secure another
engagement and after one or two pitiful
blunders she comes to the edifying con
clusion that It is an actual business in
vestment to dress well, even If she eats
crackers and cheese tor a solid week.
\ The fastidious hostess wishes to .make
; as brave a front to her guests as possi
ble and when she pays for their enter
tainment she demands that they be
amused and pleased and in her eyes
slopplness and poverty have no excuse
for existing.
Scr what is this girl worker to do?
Nothing more or less than dress as well
as she honestly can— no more or no less.
If she gives up seeing a play that she
has set her heart upon for the sake of a
. new hat it may not prove as attract
ive, but from a business standpoint it
'is a good investment, and she at least
has the satisfaction of kne-wing that
WHEN BINNING DID THE ELEGANT
a salary that seems to. fit her needs,
but on the other hand, if she looks as
though she had been used to a good
salary, she will get it and Just as easily,
too.; For, unfortunately the time has
not yet come when girls' salaries are
uniform, and they are subject to violent
ups and downs according to the appear-
ance of the applicant.
But from aonther standpoint buying
cheap fabrics is even worse economy
for her than for other women because
of the wear and tear that they ar«
called upon to withstand. The really
good thing may seem terribly expensive
at first, but gowns that'keep their
shape and color through months of
active all-weather service, that don't
wrinkle and look forlorn after a sudden
Ehower, are found by miladi sensible
to be a rattling good Investment at th^
end of the year. If she be wise she re
mcmbera when buying that this gown
Is worn almost ten hours out of the
twelve and that she is seen in it by the
largest number of people.
If for that reason alojie ?he should
not think it beneath her dignity to pay
the strictest attention to bein» neat and
stylish and never fur a single Instant
should she begrudge the time expanded
upon the minute details or consider it
idly wasted.
Life is too short to worry over trifles
and the glr! who can push aoide care
is one that is truly blessed, but it be
hooves her not to push aside the im
portance of teins the smartest, neatest
office girl in town, for, forsooth, it may
mean more than she wist of.
(""pfHE independent, business girl has
I issued a new proclamation, and
I right nobly have her thousand
JL and one sisters responded to the
call. So well, in fact, that there
irn't even the faintest similarity be
twefn the girl of to-day and the one
of h~lf a score of years ago. \
Ar.d ber proclamation? Ah. nothing
more ncr less than to change her man
ner of dress with her code of business
ethics. And it wasn't eo terribly diffi
cult, either, once she tried.' Instead of
fct-lir.s it her bounder^duty to travel
the Length and breadthof the city with
a general air of hard luck written all
over her and hanging her head with a
sort of excuse-me-for-being-on-the
oarth sort of air, you are very much
more art to find her traveling leisurely
along with her head well up and giv
ing the impression that her pockets
are silver-lised, and. for that matter,
always have been.
And pray tell, why on earth shouldn't
she? Just because' fate played her a
shabby tiick and emptied the barrel
had on to save his very life. WelL
Probably not. His eye has not been
trained to note colors and. textures,
but he knows a •well-groomed, trim
woman and he appreciates to a T what
It means.
Men are queer creatures. They
swear and tear their hair over ex
pense and cry aloud from the house
tops that women's clothes are a lot of
foolish trash; yet, even the sagacious,
stern man of affairs Is decidedly sus
ceptible, and many a victory is won
without half trying, all on account of
a bow of crisp ribbon or a spick and
Epan linen collar.
To.be frank, the girls aren't slow to
seize upon this advantage and use it
for all it Is worth. And when it comes
right down to it, can you blame them?
There isn't so terribly much differ
ence between the methods of the soci
ety girl and the business girL Both
have their tricks In their trades and
both are remarkably alike.
The society girl receives a card and
she straightway rushes to her mirror,
¦dabs her nose with a sweet scented.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
THE BUSINESS
WOMAN AND
HER CLOTHESIs it not better so? Does it not: pay
to see that th* skirt Is not bedraggled;
that the hat has some excuse j for ex
istence; that the boots do , not j squeak
and grate on the nerves of alUwithln
hearing ? When It means friends and
amusements and even a livelihood.
The business man argues 'that <{ the
girl' who gives her apparel considera
tion will give his interests . her full at
tention, and nine times out of ten he is
right, for generally there is method. In
her madness, and method is exactly
what he is looking for.- :
The newspaper girl, for 'instance,
would never make a success of her pro
fession if sh* went about looking: I de-_
jected and miserable. Not one person
In a hundred would thaw sufficiently to
give her a story, and she couldn't
worm it out of them, try aa hard as
she might, if she were togged out in a
picturesque fashion I or represented" the
ultra fashionable worldly woman.
Quicker than a flash the thought "gay"
would be put down against her, , and
while It might make a decided hit with
a questionable few, It doesn't pay by
any manner of means.
;0n the other hand the natty, short
*ult; and the chic hat nor, only look
well, but they always win respect and
admiration, v The man- with every min
ute of a long day scheduled will say:
"Ah. let her. in if 'she looks as though
she' had a grain; of sense." . It may be
that his judgment is of the most su
perficial sort, but - It •'¦ is :: man-fashion,
she was penny wise and not pound fool
ish/ - ,
r This lassie has learned another little
trick about herself and her employer.
If she goes lritban office cheaply'gown
ed she la instantly sized up ' and given
. "That waiter would be bacx soon.
But there would be rather a Ions wait
between this last and the next act. I
must get away where I could think.
My guests were chattering about the
show and I broke In on them.
"Do you know what I've doa»T" Z
other end of th« row with ray flnaa^ij
stability. -r . •*"*«*«
"He looked vastly relieved, mamma
smiled again benignly, the girls gab- 4
bled, and I— well, you can bet X never^
tried again to 'do the elegant' on t» per
weeit ¦. -. ¦ .¦ '
puff, adds a bow In a coquettish fash
ion here and a rose that he has sent
just there, and down she sallies with
sails full set to conquer or die. With
the rose and the bow as war paint she
declares that battle is on and those
who know hor best smile when they
cee her flaunt her signals.
With the business lassie it's quite
the same. Her war paint is of another
nature and meant to withstand the
glare of cold office scrutiny, but never
theless It is there and where one wins
out by a rose the other makes a touch
down with a bit of immaculate neck
wear, j
Glrsl will be girls the world over, and
each and every one of them realizes
full . well the , power- of being well and
becomingly gowned. Think well • of
yourself and the world follows suit; '
hang your head and the finger of scorn
is ever ready to be pointed at you.
This working girl took herself off
Into a convenient corner and had, a
long- heart to heart with ' herself.
"There's absolutely no sense in not be
ing dressed correctly," she argued with
herself. "Plain, substantial clothes al
ways wear far better than cheap fluffs
and I owe it to myself to keep up an
appearance."
And that Is the situation in a nut
shell. It need not necessarily follow
that Just because a girl works she has
no other interests or claims on life.
It is perfectly true that her time is not
her own to do with as she pleases, but
that only makes it the more imperative
that she keep well groomed and fresh,
else the time will not be far distant
when she will be a drab, forlorn -old
maid, thoroughly sour-balled on the
world and giving neither satisfaction
nor cheer.
It's bo terribly easy to fall into this
rut. Days pass, one exactly like an
other, with nothing but work, work,
and It soon comes to pass that Jack Is
an awfully dull boy, not caring what
happens nor looking ahead into the
future. And at that rate there isn't
any future. Even the most philan
thropic grow weary of sighs and long
gray faces and seek the sunny girl with
the merry laugh and the ready an
swer.
She may not have so very much to
make merry over, but ' she -laughs and
the world laughs with her; she makes
the best of things and her followers
vote her a jolly good fellow and rise
op aad call her blessed.
of golden shekels the wrong way should
Fhe sulk and make it known to all that
to-morrow's bread is an uncertain
quantity?
All, no; not this girl. Perhaps that
would have been considered quite the
proper caiier a few years back, but in
this use a.nd generation the essentially
imixjrtant thing is to remember to keep
your troubles to yourself. And as to
look at her, no one would ever so much
as dream that she and Mr. Worry were
or ever had been intimate friends, and
that Mr. Want had called several times
« h»n the weather was cold and pride
high. ;
And one reason for this change is
ihat so man; r women are standing
fchoulder to shoulder with men. and the
time has long since passed when it was
considered a burning disgrace to earn'
thread end butter and perhaps a bit of
jam honorably rather than to drain the
family coffers to the dregs and nightly
lall on your knees and devoutly pray
that the expenses may be lessened by
some kind chap coming along in the
very nick of time. 4
That may be all very well and good,
but somehow the attic with* a cheerless
hearth and an empty cupboard looks
good beside it. And here is where Miss
Business Lady makes her strong point.
An attic, be it ever so mean, does not.
tell 6tories, and these days it has come
lu be a recognized fact that good
clothes are often worn to cover up
poverty.
The girl who works is Just like any
other girl end she dearly loves all the
pretty furbelows and the dainty noth
ings that women wear, but she simply
can't afford them, and even if she
could, she is generally supplied with
enough plain, ordinary, common sense
to understand the eternal fitness of
things.
Eut mark you. she knows as -well
as you or the next one that shabby
garments no longer stand for anything
but plain inability, or worse yet, ill
health. They don't even stand for
¦womanly virtue or native talent as
they did in the good old days gon*j
by. and 6trange as it may seem to
those blessed with good old fashioned
ideas, the poorly clad girl is Invariably
the one who goes wearily on her way
answering this, that and the other ad
vertisement and finding no emloy
ment.
N'ow Mr. Skeptic, even though you
Ehake your head ar.d mutter, it's an
absolute fact. And you. Mrs. Wife-of
the-Business-Man, you may smile and
Bay "foolish," but use your eyes a bit
the very next time you visit your
husband in his sanctum-sanctorum
and take one long look at his secretary.
For it is now a part of the business
girl's code to dress well. Not in grand
spurts, but always. When she is look-
Ing for a position; when she has it, and
more especially, when she has lost it.
In other words, it is a part of her
business training.
But it most certainly isn't part of her
training and she most assuredly^
doesn't display* good common sense if
the rigs herself out regardlessly in
silks and satins and reserves the
calicos and rags for the privacy of her
two-by-four hall bedroom. Dangling
do-dads and flying- ends don't make
favorable impressions on sensible busi
ness men and the girl hunting fora po
sition is Quicker than any one else to
notice that, but she knows In her heart
of hearts that a well-cut tailor suit,
fresh linen and smart boots will do
more for her than a packet of recom
mendations and letters.
And does she take advantage of his
weakness? Well, rather. She Isn't the
least bit gullible and she knows for an
absolute fact that Mr. Map takes ber
In from the top of her head to the soles
of her shoes, even though he might
ewear the next instant thai be couldn't
ten a single, solitary thing that aha
said to them with an air of caador. 'I've
forgotten my keys, and my' landlady
locks uj> at 11 o'clock sharp.' j
" "While this wait is on I'll run over
to the house and get them— It's luckily
only -a few blocks away. She's a pep
pery tempered old lady, and If I should
ring her up late she might put me out
in the morning.'
"I grabbed my hat. I dared not take
my overcoat. TU be back before the
¦next turn,' I declared, and rushed up
the aisle.
"As I left my seat the stage manager
came from behind the scenes and sig^
nalcd the orchestra leader to stop. 1^
i Dr. Harrity is in the audience,* I heard
, him say, 'there is a telegram at the box
office for him.'
"When I reached the sidewalk there
was the man In the tall hat. with a
policeman, both shouting for a cab.
There was one standing across ths
I street, but the driver was missing. 'He's
in some saloon along here.' I heard ths
policeman say, 'I'll look foT him. doc
' tor.'
" 'Find him. or I'll take the cab my
self. I've got to get to Forty-third
street Instantly!' the physician cried.
'I'd give $5 to get there la ten minutes.'
"The cop disappeared and the doc
tor ran across the street to be near tha
cab when the driver appeared. And I
was richt by his side.
"Five dollars! Why. at the minute.
Jack. I'd have committed highway rob
bery for that sum!
" 'You Jump in,' said I to the doctor.
I'll get you there. What's the num
ber?'
"He cave me a look which assured
me he knew I was not the driver of
the. cab: but he told me the number.
'I'll give you $5 If you're there in ten
minutes.' he said.
"I expected to hear the officer or the
driver of the turnout yelling at me to
stop. But the doctor wasn't in the cab
any quicker than I was up on ths high
seat. And I woke that cab horse up.
"Inside of the ten minutes we stoppc^
before the number Dr. Harrity gave
me. He was out and up the steps ring
ing the bell in a flash. For a second
I thought the promised $5 was getting
away from me. and I had made a crlm-j
inal of myself for nothing.
"I leaDed down just as the door of
the house opened. A man let the doctor
in. but I seized his coat tails before he
could disappear.
"The doctor tried to Jerk away, but
I hung on. 'Johnson!' he shouted to
the serving man, 'give this- fool $5 and
kick him out!' But I didn't wait to be
kicked after getting my grip on tfle
fiver.
"You can bet that I wasn't to b»
hired to drive that cab back to the
theater. I took a car down the ave
nue and walked calmly into the lobby
Just as the orchestra began to play the
introduction for the first number after
the intermission.
"As I passed In there was the officer
and an excited cabman Jawing each
other, with a curious crowd about them.
Evidently cabby blamed the policeman
for the disappearance of his rig.
"I slid into- my seat. Jack. Just as tha
curtain went up. There were the
glasses on the shelf In front of my
guests, and I^saw the waiter, rather
anxious by now, hovering about.
" 'Oh, I fonrot to pay for these
drinks.' I remarked, and passed over
the fiver with an air which evidently
impressed the old gentleman at the
"Ah and it Is a tale— a tale of won,"
Binning began. "It happened a good bit
ago, too: not long after I came down
here to the city, believing, in my green
ness, that I could cut a swath In law
that would lay over anything I could
do In the plow-making line.
"Dad zot me a chance wltn a cood
firm and then paid no further attention
V. me — financial attention, J mean. I
was as lonely as a strange cat sit first,
but after a few months one of the boys
In the office introduced me to a rather
nice family uptown.
"There were three girls In the family,
and as I bad hardly spoken to a girl
since leaving home, this introduction
seemed a godspeed to me. But I'va
wondered since if my fellow clerk did
not introduce me simply to make his
own escape from matrimonial toils the
easier. As my visits increased, his de
creased.
"So it was up to me to treat every
body alike. And I wag. determined to
do the elegant. I invited the bunch,
daughters and mamma and papa, to go
to the theater, bought six scats right in
this very row.
"It pretty nearly cleaned me out- Six
dollars was two-thirds of a week's sal
ary, and after mentally figuring It up
I decided that I would excuse myself
after the thaw and let my guests go
home alone. I could not afford even
another round of carfares ! ¦¦:
"Well, we rustled into our seats like
a nock of pigeons — papa, at one end and
myself here on the aisle. After the first
two or three numbers on the pro
gramme, the waiters got . extremely
busy. To tell you the troth. I had not
taken into consideration the fact that
liquid refreshments were served, but I
figured that I could stand one round for
the crowd, even If I had to walk from
the office to my lodsings several even
ings to pay for Jt.
"So I suggested a drink to the girl
next to me. She took me up with posi
tively frightful alacrity, and passed on
the proposition to the others. I turned
to beckon the waiter, intending to order
six of those foaming glasses in an off
hand manner, bound to impress the ob
server with the fact that I was the
Real Thing. ..
" 'Oh, Mr. Binning," said the daughter
next to me, 'I think I'll take a lemon
ade.'
'• 'And so will I-. Mr. Binning.' said the
second sister. The .third and mamma 1
followed suit. Whew! In those few sec
onds mv collar wilted, i .
"Evan the old man, evidently consid
ering that I would be; offended If • he
ordered beer, asked for something In
the line of mixed poison that I knew
plaguey well he'd never tasted. Then
the waiter, with increasing affability,'
looked at me.
"It's a terrible thing to be a coward.
Jack. I wanted to blurt out: 'Not with
my money!' But I didn't dare, so I or
dered the same, mysterious drink that
the old man had spoken for and saw
the waiter hurry away with a feeling
that he might as well bring the house
officer back with him when he returned
with the refreshments. -
"Those six drinks would amount to
SI SO, and I had just 75 cents in my
pocket!
"All the Impossible means of getting
out of the entanglement raced through
my mind. I couldn't even see what was
going on upon the stage. The falling
of the curtain ar.d a burst of applause
roused me
and any. girl who nas her own living tc
make would do well to humor his fan
cies, no matter how foolish she may
think them. What if she has to rus
raadly to her nearest accommodating
friend and lay the situation before her.
And let me tell you right here that
true friendship Is to be found among
those who toll early and late for their
daily bread, and; there Isn't one girl
In a hundred who would not gladly
loan a gown or a hat toward the
cause.
To be sure It Isn't always the most
I pleasant thing in the world to start off
* to work clad in the best suit your chum
has and to be constantly reminded if a
sudden shower should come up that
Mary's pet hat would probably be much
the worse for year. It isn't pleasant,
but it is profitable, and that is Infinitely
more to the point when It comes down
to a matter of hard, cold facts. Even
the most capable office girl may have a
long streak c-f bad luck and when the
mere ' borrowlts of a friend's pretty
¦frock would put her upon her feet
again wouldn't she be the silliest thing
that ever happened not to take advan
tage of her opportunities?
v The girl who sings at concerts has
her stock In trade and she don't depend
entirely . upon her voice, either. She
knows that she must make a good ap
pearance and that her manner must be
gracious and charming. And how could
she be thoroughly at ease if her gown
was r.ot smartly cut and she had to
remember to keep her skirt lust so in
order not to reveal her shabby boots? .
That isn't the way to secure another
engagement and after one or two pitiful
blunders she comes to the edifying con
clusion that It is an actual business in
vestment to dress well, even If she eats
crackers and cheese tor a solid week.
\ The fastidious hostess wishes to .make
; as brave a front to her guests as possi
ble and when she pays for their enter
tainment she demands that they be
amused and pleased and in her eyes
slopplness and poverty have no excuse
for existing.
Scr what is this girl worker to do?
Nothing more or less than dress as well
as she honestly can— no more or no less.
If she gives up seeing a play that she
has set her heart upon for the sake of a
. new hat it may not prove as attract
ive, but from a business standpoint it
'is a good investment, and she at least
has the satisfaction of kne-wing that
WHEN BINNING DID THE ELEGANT
a salary that seems to. fit her needs,
but on the other hand, if she looks as
though she had been used to a good
salary, she will get it and Just as easily,
too.; For, unfortunately the time has
not yet come when girls' salaries are
uniform, and they are subject to violent
ups and downs according to the appear-
ance of the applicant.
But from aonther standpoint buying
cheap fabrics is even worse economy
for her than for other women because
of the wear and tear that they ar«
called upon to withstand. The really
good thing may seem terribly expensive
at first, but gowns that'keep their
shape and color through months of
active all-weather service, that don't
wrinkle and look forlorn after a sudden
Ehower, are found by miladi sensible
to be a rattling good Investment at th^
end of the year. If she be wise she re
mcmbera when buying that this gown
Is worn almost ten hours out of the
twelve and that she is seen in it by the
largest number of people.
If for that reason alojie ?he should
not think it beneath her dignity to pay
the strictest attention to bein» neat and
stylish and never fur a single Instant
should she begrudge the time expanded
upon the minute details or consider it
idly wasted.
Life is too short to worry over trifles
and the glr! who can push aoide care
is one that is truly blessed, but it be
hooves her not to push aside the im
portance of teins the smartest, neatest
office girl in town, for, forsooth, it may
mean more than she wist of.
(""pfHE independent, business girl has
I issued a new proclamation, and
I right nobly have her thousand
JL and one sisters responded to the
call. So well, in fact, that there
irn't even the faintest similarity be
twefn the girl of to-day and the one
of h~lf a score of years ago. \
Ar.d ber proclamation? Ah. nothing
more ncr less than to change her man
ner of dress with her code of business
ethics. And it wasn't eo terribly diffi
cult, either, once she tried.' Instead of
fct-lir.s it her bounder^duty to travel
the Length and breadthof the city with
a general air of hard luck written all
over her and hanging her head with a
sort of excuse-me-for-being-on-the
oarth sort of air, you are very much
more art to find her traveling leisurely
along with her head well up and giv
ing the impression that her pockets
are silver-lised, and. for that matter,
always have been.
And pray tell, why on earth shouldn't
she? Just because' fate played her a
shabby tiick and emptied the barrel
had on to save his very life. WelL
Probably not. His eye has not been
trained to note colors and. textures,
but he knows a •well-groomed, trim
woman and he appreciates to a T what
It means.
Men are queer creatures. They
swear and tear their hair over ex
pense and cry aloud from the house
tops that women's clothes are a lot of
foolish trash; yet, even the sagacious,
stern man of affairs Is decidedly sus
ceptible, and many a victory is won
without half trying, all on account of
a bow of crisp ribbon or a spick and
Epan linen collar.
To.be frank, the girls aren't slow to
seize upon this advantage and use it
for all it Is worth. And when it comes
right down to it, can you blame them?
There isn't so terribly much differ
ence between the methods of the soci
ety girl and the business girL Both
have their tricks In their trades and
both are remarkably alike.
The society girl receives a card and
she straightway rushes to her mirror,
¦dabs her nose with a sweet scented.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
THE BUSINESS
WOMAN AND
HER CLOTHESoveralls in which to demonstrate, his
accomplishments in manual training.
Incidentally investigating; all the old
clocks or rubbish* there accumulated,
is the envied of his set. And the wee
maiden who can also don her overalls
and be her ¦ little boy friend's compan
ion is more than delighted.
* The companionship of ' little boys and
girls : Improves . the '•. character of both.
The boy is made more. gentle and ten
der by the association, and the girl ac
quires more force and strength,"men
tally, morally and' physically, than
when reared In an exclusively feminine
atmosphere.
'And the woman who loves children —
well, she is sure to be better, truer, no
bler and more womanly. She is a better
wife, 'a tenderer mother and a more
genial companion for both old and
young. '
There . is , something appalling in the
present social condition, where moth
ers ..are so absorbed by outside duties
is to be almost strangers to their own
little ones.
And little people do more thinking
than they are given credit for.
I heard a miniature llttm society
woman of five remark some time ago:
"Mamma is very sweet, and I lova her,
but I know my nurse." •
¦There is not only a powerful, but a
rather touchlng5sermon embodied in
this unconscious' plaint of childhood
that might do better service for pulpit
oratory than many of the eloquent
tirades and sensational explosives by
which so-called divines seek to achieve
reputations and bank accounts.
The woman who boasts that she can
successfully divide her time amons a
number of outside Interests, club or
otherwise, must of necessity neglect the
one or the other. A woman with a fam
ily of little people, and sometimes one
is more care than half a dozen, has all
that she can attend to if she stays at
home and minds her own business.
¦ The woman who does not care . for
children should not marry. The many
stories lately ventilated anent a noted
writer of children stories who so beau
tifully depicted child life caused a
shock to many of her admirers.
This woman frankly admitted ' that
she hated children and when consent-
Ing to become the wife of a widower,
the father of two sons, she exacted the
condition that these children should not
•hare their home.
And the man compiled.
Underlying this also ona might read
another sermon, or perhaps It might
more aptly be styled a tragedy.
The woman who carries a fat. woozy
poodle in her arms and drags a tired
child by the hand Is a sorry commen
tary on the peculiar workings of tha
feminine mind.
The woman who has co higher ambi
tion than to be led around by a dog at
the business end of a string is hardly
worthy of even decent Christian burial.
The woman around whom ' children
cluster is the woman whose heart ia in
the right place.
Little' people are excellent Judges of
character, and the woman who is
equally at home whether presiding at
some stately function or entertaining a
bunch of youngsters Is the woman who
will make the best wife and mother,
and the old-maidy. acrimonious femala
whose teeth are set on edge by a child's
laughter had better remain an old
maid, cr some fellow will be blooming
sorry for himself before the curtain
rings down the grand finale.
ONE OF THE EIGHT
BY OTHO B. SENG A
(Copyright, 1903, by Otho B. Senga.)
t=Z2^_J=$ BRAHAM ADAMS
Be * nls square jaws
\ffi-n&xf?y •& together in a manner
***^/iW^**"l nOt entlrelv Pleasant
r*V#^^ffi[ 3 i^>)! to benold - He wa3
I fe&f/$$$Bsxif m not a nandsome man'.
T^a^jrJEa^l at the best, and this
HB^™ I^aBm expression of stern
determination did not add to his at
tractiveness^r
"This thing has gone far enough.",
he said, aloud. "One way or another
It shall be settled, and settled to
night.".
He stretched out his long, lean arms
and looked grimly at | the great, bony
hands. "One of those fellows ; wears
a ring and plays" the piano. 7 he *
thought; and a ghost ' of a smile
•touched the firm mouth, t
He walked with long, slow steps to
the mirror and gazed at the face re
flected there. It was not unlike the
man for whom he was named, with'
the high cheekbones, wide mouth, '
deep-set eyes and large hose.'
"You're not much to look at. Abe."
he said, shaking his head at the re
flection, "and Bruce is as handsome
as a girl— and a good, square fellow,
too." he added, honestly. . .
Abraham Lincoln Adams had come
from a country home and a country
lawyer's office three years before. He .
had passed the examinations with high
honors, ; and since his admission to
the bar. had been remarkably success-'
ful. He' felt that; he was now in a ;
* position'; to ask - the : glr^ 'of : his ' choice .
to share his life and the honors he was
sure the future held for him. *
He. had known the girl since 'child-/
hood: '.; He was" a ;'¦ big boy.V studying
algebra; whenT she ; sat ¦; dangling ,; her v
plump legs on. the front ; seat ? devoted '¦¦',
to the > infants. 1 He Kad taught ' one "?
term". In' that same : school, tmdj she had .
tortured his falthf ul' heart by "an ab
sorbing, interest In a pink-cheeked <boy.
; in : her, class,; and ;by<an J , utter-- inability-^
to master, the mysteries, of, X, 1 Y./Z.V
; He had left her with no word of
love—he had his way to make, and the ?
letters > between them ; were - few and
unsatisfactory.. . v •
A year ago she had come ' to Boston *
He took out his watch and held it In
his hand. He looked only at Tillle—
for him * the others, were not there.
Some . foreshadowing of the greatness
that was yet to be his., fell upon the
thin face and gaunt figure,' and lent a
strength and. dignity that awed the
girl's soul and held her. gaze captive.
"Tillie,", sneaking slowly and clear
ly, ' "in exactly two minutes I am • go-
Ing to propose to you. If you wish
yo. ur seven friends to remain. I have
no objection — "
A horrified, gasping "Oh!" in ' sev
eral different voices, a rustle of silken
petticoats; and seven breathless girls
Tillie shook her pretty head In re
fusal, but her. heart beat faster. There
was something new In the man's tone —
something masterful and commanding,
that she had never known before.
After a\few minutes, he wandered.
w!th apparent listlessness. to the fire
place, and, turning, "faced the group.
'•Tillie!" \-,
At the sound of the firm, compell
ing voice, eight astonished faces were
turned toward him. and eight pairs of
bright eyes gazed at him In constrained
silence.
But' now. he was resolved. He would
not be a plaything for a girl's whim.
Under cover of greetings from eight
laughing girls, he was able to ask Til
lle if she would go for a short walk
with him.
"With another of the eight?" she
asked, archly.
"No, alone."
His own nature was so simple and
direct that this would seem the most
kind and true thing to Vlo. He could
not understand the feminine com
plexity that led the girl to enjoy his
unwavering, unspoken devotion. The
protests of the other : girls that she
was unfair to the -man. and did not
deserve such homage, only Increased
her determination to hold him at this
disadvantage, and to ward off as long
as possible the declaration she knew
she/ must hear when once they were
alone.
pletely shut out as he, and tha unwel
come thought suggested itself that Til
lle might manage to see him alone If
she really wanted to. (
"Can it be that Tillle doesn't cara
to see me?" he asked himself, un
easily; "if it were' so wouldn't she tell
me?" . .
to study music, and his honest soul
had, rejoiced. How happy he would
be In having her bo" near. He could
see her often, and take her about a
good deal;' and it- would not be long
now before he could , tell her of the
great love that was In his heart, of
his hopes for the future, his plans for
her happiness. . .
But to his dismay he found Tillle
hedged about,. In a most Inexplicable
fashion, with formalities and conven
tions hitherto unknown.
Eight. young women had rented a
furnished house, and with an aunt
and 'uncle as housekeeper and pro
tector, were living in" a little world of
their own, superior to boarding-houses;
and with a fine • contempt for "home*"
and institutions. Adams wasn't 'auite
sure whether the" aunt and uncle were
rented with the house, or if they were
really related to -one of these very
modern young women.
He called several times and was
cordially received; but upon every oc
casion at ' least three of the other
young ladles * were present, and re
mained during his entire stay. Then
he tried the plan of writing to Tillle,
inviting her to accompany him to a
lecture or concert. The little notes
he ' received in . reply were sweetly
courteous, ;¦ but he. felt somehow
thrown back upon himself — chilled and
repulsed.,, ,
"You must remember, that X. am only
one of eight," was the '¦ tenor.' of ¦¦¦¦ the
sweet little notes; "no one of us ac
cepts-an invitation "'for. herself alone.
Which one of the girls would you
like-to include , in your' very pleasant
plan for i Thursday ; evening, or Satur
day .afternoon?" etc. v
' Then he. settled down to : a regular
call on" Wednesday evenlnsr. He met
all'dfithe young ladies, and really had
better * opportunities for < conversing
wlthiany, one* of* the- others than with
'thelone he sought j Bright, pretty girls
they ".were,*; each earnest: in, her work,
with high aims and youthful ambitions.
An artist, a schoolteacher, a a
music teacher, a ; violinist, kindergart
ener and ; an editor made up the list.
: Often " there were other men there,
and Adams soon discovered that he was
not the only, one 1 who. would like to see
Tillle alone. After awhile he -began to
wonder if the:other men were as corn-
¦campered out Into tha hall and as
the stairs.
"Of course she'll refuse him." cried
the girl who wrote stories; "isn't ha
horrid?"
"No," answered the woman wh»
read stories; "ha Is manifesting tha
one needful quality, and Tillie will mar
ry him."
"If she doesn't." chimed in tha ar
tist, "it will show that aha Isn't bright
enough to recognize a great man in
the days of his obscurity."
"In which case." added tha girl with
the violin, "I shall try for him my
self."
This was the last, and certainly tha
most astounding. Each girl went
silently to her own room, feeling that
a great crisis had come in the life of
one of the eight.
Left alone, at last, with tha girl ha
loved. Adams made no movement to
approach her. Ilia eyes had never left
her face, and she -had not been able
to look aside even when her com
panions fled from the room.
"Tillle." the grave voice grew sol
emnly tender, "I have loved you for
years, and you have known It. Thera
was small need for me to declare a
love that had been yours since child
hood, and I would not seek to bind
you by any promise until I could offer
you a home as well as a heart. I am
now ready to do for you all that a man
can do for the woman ha loves. Coma
to me. Tillle, and tell me that my lova
is returned— that^ you will be my wife,
Tillle—"
He held out his hand— the great.
bony hand that wore no rins and
could not play the piano: and tha
dark, homely face was illumined with
the mighty love and exceeding tender
ness that only a strong man knows. ¦
The girl rose slowly, her eyes still
fixed on his. and moved toward him.
as If impelled by some stronger power.
Hailf way she stopped, and raised a
pitiful, pleading face to him.
"Abe," she whispered. "Abe. ara
you going, to make me come all the
way?" 5
He had intended to, but the passion
ate, thrlllinc: sweetness of his boyhood's
name overcame his resolve. One long
step and he caught her in his arms.
"All the way. sweetheart." he, an
ewered, "but I will carry you the other
half."
Little peopla need rtst and quiet as
much as they need air and sunlight,
and, goodness knows, the mother and
nurse and every one else needs a lit
tle rest, too, when sleepy time comes.
A child has no past. It turns Its lit
tle back, upon each day with the set
ting sun and accepts the present as
each day dawns. Over the sea of life
it builds its castle In Spain and delights
in dreams of the future. The present
is the moment which It recognizes and
those interwoven with Its life should
seek to make even the sunshine -
brighter.
The childhood of some little people is
sadder far than the dreariest* romanc
ing of fiction, and few 'appreciate the
i'ttle sorrows that steal Into a child's
life., robbing It of Its birthright of hap
piness.
Children who have not been allowed
to revel in mud pies miss half the de-;
lights of childhood, and the housewife
who invented overalls for 'little' people
deserves the gratitude, of progeny. If
any one has ,'eve'r^ known , a child who
did' not love its "blue Jeans" it must
have had an abnormal streak some
where. •
The boy who has a carpenter shop In*
an old-fashioned attic and a pair of
tions in which the Inquiring mind of
a 3-year-old delights, and one young
ster bubbling over with an investigat
ing mania can manage to perpetrate
more outrages in ten minutes than a
grown-up would think of In ten years.
The woman who loves children, be
she mother or: maid, can easily ac
quire the art of managing them by
keeping little minds in the right chan
nel when she would not be able to ac
complish anything did she adopt
sterner methods.
The first time one comes In contact
with a little one, be it girl _or boy,
generally settles It whether it shall be
peace or war between them.
The woman to whom children natur
ally trend has always much In her fa
vor, and her manner toward them re
flects her character.'
I do not believe In the "ootsie toot
si e" business, but think a mother
should treat her little people as if they
had a reasonable share of commom
sense from the time they are old
enough to ' understand what, is said to
them.
There should be hours of play that
should have all the fun that could be
crowded Into them, these to be followed
by hours of rest.
'^r Y» «VHEN a woman boasts that
\ A Jshe does not love children,
Y Ehy off; there is something
*¦ wrong. Her heart or her head
needs disinfecting, or her
¦pleen is dislocated.
The love for children begins In a
miniature little woman when she hugs
her first dolly jto her baby breast, purs
ing it with all the tenderness of the
grown up mother. Should anything
happen to her dolly her little heart is
broken and she will cry her little self
to sleep with all the abandon of the
big mamma who later on folds little
dead hands In sorrow and weeps in
anguish over a little white coffin.
Of course, there are children whom
no one on earth could love, but I ques
tion if It be not the mother's fault. The
child who Is loved at home grows up
¦with a craving for love, which will
crop up, and love wins love in return
that keeps the heart warm and bright
despite the cruelties of fate.
There are many women who are
about as capable of filling the maternal
role as they would be to handle a pow
der magazine, and the fact of mother
hood does not always carry with It a
patent right to all the virtues to which
sentimentalists give It a clean bill of
sale.
There are many ways to love little
people and the more sensible and rea
sonable the love the greater will be the
respect engendered in a child's heart.
The foolish extravagant subservience
that some mothers lavish upon a child
is enough to disgust the little one it
self, who soon realizes that the mother
is too weak and Sacking In character to
instil into its mind and heart such pre
cepts as will best fit it for the battle of
life.
I do not think that too much love
ever spoiled a child or any one else,
but too little, with its burden of ne
glect, furnishes the timber filling out
per.al institutions.
Excessive, coddling with money ad
libitum ruins many children, who,
never being" allowed one moment with
out the attendance of a host of hire
lings, grow up without a thought or
ldea\>f that self-reliance which is the
fundamental principle of sturdy ma
turity.
It is. not the sons of moneyed kings
¦who forge a way to the top of our
great institutions, It is the men who
have had to dig their own way. who
win through their own pluck.
And the mother who molds the char
acter of such men deserves the meed
of praise.
The twentieth century idea that chil
dren are to be permitted to grow and
not be decently raised finds few advo
cates among sensible people, or those
who have at one time or another been
engaged in the strenuous- -occupation
of keeping a set of live, energetic
youngsters from making bonflrei of
themselves or of the roof tree, or in
dulging other equally wild Investiga-
him have 'em."
Mrs. Stetson straightened herself In
her chair. She felt the "stiff enlnc" *o
out of her knees, but her eyes flashed.
Under the gross Injustice of this thin*
her "crushed sperrlt" had revolted.
"Them .turkeys was mine." she said
in a voice whose tone was new ta
him.
"I s'pose you paid for all the corn
and grain they et." he sneered.
"They was mine." she reiterated,
and there was neither appeal nor apol
ogy in her words.
*:i guess it's pretty well settled wh«
they belonged to," he said grimly.
She rose from her chair and stood
before him. She trembled violently,
but her eyes never falterd as they
looked into his.
"Jim Stetson." she said, chokingly.
"I'm goln' to have Christina* as I
want it. I'm goin* to have a turkty—
if I have to steal It."
To his amazement she swept from
the room before he could reply, and
banged the door after her.
¦ •• •% "• ¦;¦•¦¦••. -~- : ¦«•¦¦.¦¦• -v.
In the big bare room back of Too
Babb's store the Christmas raffl*
was In full awing. The room was
hazy with rank tobacco smoke and the
pungent smell bf recently consumed
spirits pervaded the place. The sport
ing element of Centervalo with much
laughter and many broad Jokes shook
the dice on an old counter from a dilap
idated dlcebox. In one corner tha two
turkeys were hung conspicuously for
critical inspection.
At 9 o'clock the door leading from
the front store opened. The crowd
as one man craned heads to greet tha
newcomer; but Instead of boisterous
jibes they stared in amazement, and
suddenly fell silent, for Into tho room,
thin, frail, but determined, strode Mrs.
Stetson.
"I -want to raffle." she said simply.
"How much does It cost?"
"Twenty cents for threa throws."
tfald Babb.
Mrs. Stetson passed ovsr tha
change.
Much might be written of her ex
perience in that dingy room: of how
she threw to the limit of her cash
capital (60 cents): of how one of tha
Dayton boys showed her how to count
the dice, and as he bent above them
slyly . turned them over to count
higher. But that has all passed Into
the official (unwritten) history of the
town. Suffice It to say that at »:S0
Mrs. Stetson strode homeward witl)
a plump turkey under her arm and the
odor of vile tobacco about her clothes.
Her - husband sat by tha kitchen
table as she entered. She threw her
bundle on the floor beside him.
"I got my turkey." she said In chal
lenge.
"Eh? Where'd you fit it." ha said
stupefied.
"At the raffla." sha said defiantly.
She was prepared for a storm of
his wrath. She knew In that event
Just what sha would say. To her sur
prise he calmly undid tha bundle and
critically inspected the bird.
"Good looking critter." ha •aid.
"You done first rate."
She felt the hot tears In her eyas.
Her throat seemed parched and chok
ing. She Bank into a chair.
"I never done fust rate, neither."
she said, brokenly. "It was all tobacco
¦moke— and they'd been drlnkln'— but
you drove me to It."
Ha smiled grimly. Tha hard lines
about his mouth softened. Ha cam*
over to her chair and gently placed a
hand on her shoulder. Her sobs wera
unrestrained.
"Sho!" ha said uneasily. "Don't
take on so, mother. I promisa you you
won't never have to raffle for anothar
turkey— never."
"so long's Marthy goln' to bring her
husband home here for Christmas
don't you think we'd better have a
turkey?"
Her husband turned to her. The two
pairs of spectacles gave, his face an ex
pression of ridiculous ferocity.
"Turkey?" he Inquired explosively.
"I guess chickens'll do well enoueh."
"Last year when we was up to Mar
thy's place we had- turkey," . Mrs.
Stetson pursued. "Seems to me we
ought to do as much for them."
"I cal'clate a pair of them chickens'll
be full as good," said Stetson. .
"They're nice chickens. I know."
said Mrs. Stetson. "Them Plymouth
Rocks is as plump as can be: but It
seems though turkey fitted Christ
mas better- — 'specially when you're
goln' to have Company. Why couldn't
you kill one of them two turkeys I
hatched out under the old black hen
last spring and like to run my lees
off bringin* up? They're likely look-
In' fowl, and one would be plenty big
enough for us."
"I sold 'em this mornln',"* said Stet
son.
"Sold 'em?" she gasped.
"Yes. Tom Babb wanted a pair of
turkeys. to raffle off up to his store
the night before Christmas, so I let
: - g- ——*. A T was commonly Bald
LTfirS^ifPiSiii * n Centervale that old
$r(fe3^Waif' Jim Stetson held the
a strings or his own
"^S^Sr P urse aR( * "kep' a
I JkV^iMwjpIi P retty tight holt on
li<^Si?=H^UH 'em, too." This ker-
XViMjjiimE^cJ^va . nel of truth from the
chaff of the town gossip Mrs. Stetson
was turning over.ln her mind as she
darned socks under the yellow light of
an ancient kerosene lamp one evening
early in Christmas week. • On the other
side of the table her lord and master,
Old • Jim— he of' the closely held purse
j strings— perused the pages of the
Weekly Mirror through two pairs
of spectacles.
Stetson was a middle-aged man of
medium' height, inclined to portliness
of figure and baldness of the head. His
face was clean shaven save for the
stubble of iron-gray beard on the chin,
and this rather emphasized the hard,
straight ' lines about his mouth, which
gave his face that expression locally
characterized as "sot."
VShe glanced covertly across , the
table many times and furtively cleared
her throat before she found sufficient
courage to address her liege.
. "Father," she began at length, a
trifle more apologetlcal than usual,
| By J. B. Oxford. I
MRS. STETSON'S REVOLT
THE SUNDAY CALL.
LOVE FOR
CHILDREN
11overalls in which to demonstrate, his
accomplishments in manual training.
Incidentally investigating; all the old
clocks or rubbish* there accumulated,
is the envied of his set. And the wee
maiden who can also don her overalls
and be her ¦ little boy friend's compan
ion is more than delighted.
* The companionship of ' little boys and
girls : Improves . the '•. character of both.
The boy is made more. gentle and ten
der by the association, and the girl ac
quires more force and strength,"men
tally, morally and' physically, than
when reared In an exclusively feminine
atmosphere.
'And the woman who loves children —
well, she is sure to be better, truer, no
bler and more womanly. She is a better
wife, 'a tenderer mother and a more
genial companion for both old and
young. '
There . is , something appalling in the
present social condition, where moth
ers ..are so absorbed by outside duties
is to be almost strangers to their own
little ones.
And little people do more thinking
than they are given credit for.
I heard a miniature llttm society
woman of five remark some time ago:
"Mamma is very sweet, and I lova her,
but I know my nurse." •
¦There is not only a powerful, but a
rather touchlng5sermon embodied in
this unconscious' plaint of childhood
that might do better service for pulpit
oratory than many of the eloquent
tirades and sensational explosives by
which so-called divines seek to achieve
reputations and bank accounts.
The woman who boasts that she can
successfully divide her time amons a
number of outside Interests, club or
otherwise, must of necessity neglect the
one or the other. A woman with a fam
ily of little people, and sometimes one
is more care than half a dozen, has all
that she can attend to if she stays at
home and minds her own business.
¦ The woman who does not care . for
children should not marry. The many
stories lately ventilated anent a noted
writer of children stories who so beau
tifully depicted child life caused a
shock to many of her admirers.
This woman frankly admitted ' that
she hated children and when consent-
Ing to become the wife of a widower,
the father of two sons, she exacted the
condition that these children should not
•hare their home.
And the man compiled.
Underlying this also ona might read
another sermon, or perhaps It might
more aptly be styled a tragedy.
The woman who carries a fat. woozy
poodle in her arms and drags a tired
child by the hand Is a sorry commen
tary on the peculiar workings of tha
feminine mind.
The woman who has co higher ambi
tion than to be led around by a dog at
the business end of a string is hardly
worthy of even decent Christian burial.
The woman around whom ' children
cluster is the woman whose heart ia in
the right place.
Little' people are excellent Judges of
character, and the woman who is
equally at home whether presiding at
some stately function or entertaining a
bunch of youngsters Is the woman who
will make the best wife and mother,
and the old-maidy. acrimonious femala
whose teeth are set on edge by a child's
laughter had better remain an old
maid, cr some fellow will be blooming
sorry for himself before the curtain
rings down the grand finale.
ONE OF THE EIGHT
BY OTHO B. SENG A
(Copyright, 1903, by Otho B. Senga.)
t=Z2^_J=$ BRAHAM ADAMS
Be * nls square jaws
\ffi-n&xf?y •& together in a manner
***^/iW^**"l nOt entlrelv Pleasant
r*V#^^ffi[ 3 i^>)! to benold - He wa3
I fe&f/$$$Bsxif m not a nandsome man'.
T^a^jrJEa^l at the best, and this
HB^™ I^aBm expression of stern
determination did not add to his at
tractiveness^r
"This thing has gone far enough.",
he said, aloud. "One way or another
It shall be settled, and settled to
night.".
He stretched out his long, lean arms
and looked grimly at | the great, bony
hands. "One of those fellows ; wears
a ring and plays" the piano. 7 he *
thought; and a ghost ' of a smile
•touched the firm mouth, t
He walked with long, slow steps to
the mirror and gazed at the face re
flected there. It was not unlike the
man for whom he was named, with'
the high cheekbones, wide mouth, '
deep-set eyes and large hose.'
"You're not much to look at. Abe."
he said, shaking his head at the re
flection, "and Bruce is as handsome
as a girl— and a good, square fellow,
too." he added, honestly. . .
Abraham Lincoln Adams had come
from a country home and a country
lawyer's office three years before. He .
had passed the examinations with high
honors, ; and since his admission to
the bar. had been remarkably success-'
ful. He' felt that; he was now in a ;
* position'; to ask - the : glr^ 'of : his ' choice .
to share his life and the honors he was
sure the future held for him. *
He. had known the girl since 'child-/
hood: '.; He was" a ;'¦ big boy.V studying
algebra; whenT she ; sat ¦; dangling ,; her v
plump legs on. the front ; seat ? devoted '¦¦',
to the > infants. 1 He Kad taught ' one "?
term". In' that same : school, tmdj she had .
tortured his falthf ul' heart by "an ab
sorbing, interest In a pink-cheeked <boy.
; in : her, class,; and ;by<an J , utter-- inability-^
to master, the mysteries, of, X, 1 Y./Z.V
; He had left her with no word of
love—he had his way to make, and the ?
letters > between them ; were - few and
unsatisfactory.. . v •
A year ago she had come ' to Boston *
He took out his watch and held it In
his hand. He looked only at Tillle—
for him * the others, were not there.
Some . foreshadowing of the greatness
that was yet to be his., fell upon the
thin face and gaunt figure,' and lent a
strength and. dignity that awed the
girl's soul and held her. gaze captive.
"Tillie,", sneaking slowly and clear
ly, ' "in exactly two minutes I am • go-
Ing to propose to you. If you wish
yo. ur seven friends to remain. I have
no objection — "
A horrified, gasping "Oh!" in ' sev
eral different voices, a rustle of silken
petticoats; and seven breathless girls
Tillie shook her pretty head In re
fusal, but her. heart beat faster. There
was something new In the man's tone —
something masterful and commanding,
that she had never known before.
After a\few minutes, he wandered.
w!th apparent listlessness. to the fire
place, and, turning, "faced the group.
'•Tillie!" \-,
At the sound of the firm, compell
ing voice, eight astonished faces were
turned toward him. and eight pairs of
bright eyes gazed at him In constrained
silence.
But' now. he was resolved. He would
not be a plaything for a girl's whim.
Under cover of greetings from eight
laughing girls, he was able to ask Til
lle if she would go for a short walk
with him.
"With another of the eight?" she
asked, archly.
"No, alone."
His own nature was so simple and
direct that this would seem the most
kind and true thing to Vlo. He could
not understand the feminine com
plexity that led the girl to enjoy his
unwavering, unspoken devotion. The
protests of the other : girls that she
was unfair to the -man. and did not
deserve such homage, only Increased
her determination to hold him at this
disadvantage, and to ward off as long
as possible the declaration she knew
she/ must hear when once they were
alone.
pletely shut out as he, and tha unwel
come thought suggested itself that Til
lle might manage to see him alone If
she really wanted to. (
"Can it be that Tillle doesn't cara
to see me?" he asked himself, un
easily; "if it were' so wouldn't she tell
me?" . .
to study music, and his honest soul
had, rejoiced. How happy he would
be In having her bo" near. He could
see her often, and take her about a
good deal;' and it- would not be long
now before he could , tell her of the
great love that was In his heart, of
his hopes for the future, his plans for
her happiness. . .
But to his dismay he found Tillle
hedged about,. In a most Inexplicable
fashion, with formalities and conven
tions hitherto unknown.
Eight. young women had rented a
furnished house, and with an aunt
and 'uncle as housekeeper and pro
tector, were living in" a little world of
their own, superior to boarding-houses;
and with a fine • contempt for "home*"
and institutions. Adams wasn't 'auite
sure whether the" aunt and uncle were
rented with the house, or if they were
really related to -one of these very
modern young women.
He called several times and was
cordially received; but upon every oc
casion at ' least three of the other
young ladles * were present, and re
mained during his entire stay. Then
he tried the plan of writing to Tillle,
inviting her to accompany him to a
lecture or concert. The little notes
he ' received in . reply were sweetly
courteous, ;¦ but he. felt somehow
thrown back upon himself — chilled and
repulsed.,, ,
"You must remember, that X. am only
one of eight," was the '¦ tenor.' of ¦¦¦¦ the
sweet little notes; "no one of us ac
cepts-an invitation "'for. herself alone.
Which one of the girls would you
like-to include , in your' very pleasant
plan for i Thursday ; evening, or Satur
day .afternoon?" etc. v
' Then he. settled down to : a regular
call on" Wednesday evenlnsr. He met
all'dfithe young ladies, and really had
better * opportunities for < conversing
wlthiany, one* of* the- others than with
'thelone he sought j Bright, pretty girls
they ".were,*; each earnest: in, her work,
with high aims and youthful ambitions.
An artist, a schoolteacher, a a
music teacher, a ; violinist, kindergart
ener and ; an editor made up the list.
: Often " there were other men there,
and Adams soon discovered that he was
not the only, one 1 who. would like to see
Tillle alone. After awhile he -began to
wonder if the:other men were as corn-
¦campered out Into tha hall and as
the stairs.
"Of course she'll refuse him." cried
the girl who wrote stories; "isn't ha
horrid?"
"No," answered the woman wh»
read stories; "ha Is manifesting tha
one needful quality, and Tillie will mar
ry him."
"If she doesn't." chimed in tha ar
tist, "it will show that aha Isn't bright
enough to recognize a great man in
the days of his obscurity."
"In which case." added tha girl with
the violin, "I shall try for him my
self."
This was the last, and certainly tha
most astounding. Each girl went
silently to her own room, feeling that
a great crisis had come in the life of
one of the eight.
Left alone, at last, with tha girl ha
loved. Adams made no movement to
approach her. Ilia eyes had never left
her face, and she -had not been able
to look aside even when her com
panions fled from the room.
"Tillle." the grave voice grew sol
emnly tender, "I have loved you for
years, and you have known It. Thera
was small need for me to declare a
love that had been yours since child
hood, and I would not seek to bind
you by any promise until I could offer
you a home as well as a heart. I am
now ready to do for you all that a man
can do for the woman ha loves. Coma
to me. Tillle, and tell me that my lova
is returned— that^ you will be my wife,
Tillle—"
He held out his hand— the great.
bony hand that wore no rins and
could not play the piano: and tha
dark, homely face was illumined with
the mighty love and exceeding tender
ness that only a strong man knows. ¦
The girl rose slowly, her eyes still
fixed on his. and moved toward him.
as If impelled by some stronger power.
Hailf way she stopped, and raised a
pitiful, pleading face to him.
"Abe," she whispered. "Abe. ara
you going, to make me come all the
way?" 5
He had intended to, but the passion
ate, thrlllinc: sweetness of his boyhood's
name overcame his resolve. One long
step and he caught her in his arms.
"All the way. sweetheart." he, an
ewered, "but I will carry you the other
half."
Little peopla need rtst and quiet as
much as they need air and sunlight,
and, goodness knows, the mother and
nurse and every one else needs a lit
tle rest, too, when sleepy time comes.
A child has no past. It turns Its lit
tle back, upon each day with the set
ting sun and accepts the present as
each day dawns. Over the sea of life
it builds its castle In Spain and delights
in dreams of the future. The present
is the moment which It recognizes and
those interwoven with Its life should
seek to make even the sunshine -
brighter.
The childhood of some little people is
sadder far than the dreariest* romanc
ing of fiction, and few 'appreciate the
i'ttle sorrows that steal Into a child's
life., robbing It of Its birthright of hap
piness.
Children who have not been allowed
to revel in mud pies miss half the de-;
lights of childhood, and the housewife
who invented overalls for 'little' people
deserves the gratitude, of progeny. If
any one has ,'eve'r^ known , a child who
did' not love its "blue Jeans" it must
have had an abnormal streak some
where. •
The boy who has a carpenter shop In*
an old-fashioned attic and a pair of
tions in which the Inquiring mind of
a 3-year-old delights, and one young
ster bubbling over with an investigat
ing mania can manage to perpetrate
more outrages in ten minutes than a
grown-up would think of In ten years.
The woman who loves children, be
she mother or: maid, can easily ac
quire the art of managing them by
keeping little minds in the right chan
nel when she would not be able to ac
complish anything did she adopt
sterner methods.
The first time one comes In contact
with a little one, be it girl _or boy,
generally settles It whether it shall be
peace or war between them.
The woman to whom children natur
ally trend has always much In her fa
vor, and her manner toward them re
flects her character.'
I do not believe In the "ootsie toot
si e" business, but think a mother
should treat her little people as if they
had a reasonable share of commom
sense from the time they are old
enough to ' understand what, is said to
them.
There should be hours of play that
should have all the fun that could be
crowded Into them, these to be followed
by hours of rest.
'^r Y» «VHEN a woman boasts that
\ A Jshe does not love children,
Y Ehy off; there is something
*¦ wrong. Her heart or her head
needs disinfecting, or her
¦pleen is dislocated.
The love for children begins In a
miniature little woman when she hugs
her first dolly jto her baby breast, purs
ing it with all the tenderness of the
grown up mother. Should anything
happen to her dolly her little heart is
broken and she will cry her little self
to sleep with all the abandon of the
big mamma who later on folds little
dead hands In sorrow and weeps in
anguish over a little white coffin.
Of course, there are children whom
no one on earth could love, but I ques
tion if It be not the mother's fault. The
child who Is loved at home grows up
¦with a craving for love, which will
crop up, and love wins love in return
that keeps the heart warm and bright
despite the cruelties of fate.
There are many women who are
about as capable of filling the maternal
role as they would be to handle a pow
der magazine, and the fact of mother
hood does not always carry with It a
patent right to all the virtues to which
sentimentalists give It a clean bill of
sale.
There are many ways to love little
people and the more sensible and rea
sonable the love the greater will be the
respect engendered in a child's heart.
The foolish extravagant subservience
that some mothers lavish upon a child
is enough to disgust the little one it
self, who soon realizes that the mother
is too weak and Sacking In character to
instil into its mind and heart such pre
cepts as will best fit it for the battle of
life.
I do not think that too much love
ever spoiled a child or any one else,
but too little, with its burden of ne
glect, furnishes the timber filling out
per.al institutions.
Excessive, coddling with money ad
libitum ruins many children, who,
never being" allowed one moment with
out the attendance of a host of hire
lings, grow up without a thought or
ldea\>f that self-reliance which is the
fundamental principle of sturdy ma
turity.
It is. not the sons of moneyed kings
¦who forge a way to the top of our
great institutions, It is the men who
have had to dig their own way. who
win through their own pluck.
And the mother who molds the char
acter of such men deserves the meed
of praise.
The twentieth century idea that chil
dren are to be permitted to grow and
not be decently raised finds few advo
cates among sensible people, or those
who have at one time or another been
engaged in the strenuous- -occupation
of keeping a set of live, energetic
youngsters from making bonflrei of
themselves or of the roof tree, or in
dulging other equally wild Investiga-
him have 'em."
Mrs. Stetson straightened herself In
her chair. She felt the "stiff enlnc" *o
out of her knees, but her eyes flashed.
Under the gross Injustice of this thin*
her "crushed sperrlt" had revolted.
"Them .turkeys was mine." she said
in a voice whose tone was new ta
him.
"I s'pose you paid for all the corn
and grain they et." he sneered.
"They was mine." she reiterated,
and there was neither appeal nor apol
ogy in her words.
*:i guess it's pretty well settled wh«
they belonged to," he said grimly.
She rose from her chair and stood
before him. She trembled violently,
but her eyes never falterd as they
looked into his.
"Jim Stetson." she said, chokingly.
"I'm goln' to have Christina* as I
want it. I'm goin* to have a turkty—
if I have to steal It."
To his amazement she swept from
the room before he could reply, and
banged the door after her.
¦ •• •% "• ¦;¦•¦¦••. -~- : ¦«•¦¦.¦¦• -v.
In the big bare room back of Too
Babb's store the Christmas raffl*
was In full awing. The room was
hazy with rank tobacco smoke and the
pungent smell bf recently consumed
spirits pervaded the place. The sport
ing element of Centervalo with much
laughter and many broad Jokes shook
the dice on an old counter from a dilap
idated dlcebox. In one corner tha two
turkeys were hung conspicuously for
critical inspection.
At 9 o'clock the door leading from
the front store opened. The crowd
as one man craned heads to greet tha
newcomer; but Instead of boisterous
jibes they stared in amazement, and
suddenly fell silent, for Into tho room,
thin, frail, but determined, strode Mrs.
Stetson.
"I -want to raffle." she said simply.
"How much does It cost?"
"Twenty cents for threa throws."
tfald Babb.
Mrs. Stetson passed ovsr tha
change.
Much might be written of her ex
perience in that dingy room: of how
she threw to the limit of her cash
capital (60 cents): of how one of tha
Dayton boys showed her how to count
the dice, and as he bent above them
slyly . turned them over to count
higher. But that has all passed Into
the official (unwritten) history of the
town. Suffice It to say that at »:S0
Mrs. Stetson strode homeward witl)
a plump turkey under her arm and the
odor of vile tobacco about her clothes.
Her - husband sat by tha kitchen
table as she entered. She threw her
bundle on the floor beside him.
"I got my turkey." she said In chal
lenge.
"Eh? Where'd you fit it." ha said
stupefied.
"At the raffla." sha said defiantly.
She was prepared for a storm of
his wrath. She knew In that event
Just what sha would say. To her sur
prise he calmly undid tha bundle and
critically inspected the bird.
"Good looking critter." ha •aid.
"You done first rate."
She felt the hot tears In her eyas.
Her throat seemed parched and chok
ing. She Bank into a chair.
"I never done fust rate, neither."
she said, brokenly. "It was all tobacco
¦moke— and they'd been drlnkln'— but
you drove me to It."
Ha smiled grimly. Tha hard lines
about his mouth softened. Ha cam*
over to her chair and gently placed a
hand on her shoulder. Her sobs wera
unrestrained.
"Sho!" ha said uneasily. "Don't
take on so, mother. I promisa you you
won't never have to raffle for anothar
turkey— never."
"so long's Marthy goln' to bring her
husband home here for Christmas
don't you think we'd better have a
turkey?"
Her husband turned to her. The two
pairs of spectacles gave, his face an ex
pression of ridiculous ferocity.
"Turkey?" he Inquired explosively.
"I guess chickens'll do well enoueh."
"Last year when we was up to Mar
thy's place we had- turkey," . Mrs.
Stetson pursued. "Seems to me we
ought to do as much for them."
"I cal'clate a pair of them chickens'll
be full as good," said Stetson. .
"They're nice chickens. I know."
said Mrs. Stetson. "Them Plymouth
Rocks is as plump as can be: but It
seems though turkey fitted Christ
mas better- — 'specially when you're
goln' to have Company. Why couldn't
you kill one of them two turkeys I
hatched out under the old black hen
last spring and like to run my lees
off bringin* up? They're likely look-
In' fowl, and one would be plenty big
enough for us."
"I sold 'em this mornln',"* said Stet
son.
"Sold 'em?" she gasped.
"Yes. Tom Babb wanted a pair of
turkeys. to raffle off up to his store
the night before Christmas, so I let
: - g- ——*. A T was commonly Bald
LTfirS^ifPiSiii * n Centervale that old
$r(fe3^Waif' Jim Stetson held the
a strings or his own
"^S^Sr P urse aR( * "kep' a
I JkV^iMwjpIi P retty tight holt on
li<^Si?=H^UH 'em, too." This ker-
XViMjjiimE^cJ^va . nel of truth from the
chaff of the town gossip Mrs. Stetson
was turning over.ln her mind as she
darned socks under the yellow light of
an ancient kerosene lamp one evening
early in Christmas week. • On the other
side of the table her lord and master,
Old • Jim— he of' the closely held purse
j strings— perused the pages of the
Weekly Mirror through two pairs
of spectacles.
Stetson was a middle-aged man of
medium' height, inclined to portliness
of figure and baldness of the head. His
face was clean shaven save for the
stubble of iron-gray beard on the chin,
and this rather emphasized the hard,
straight ' lines about his mouth, which
gave his face that expression locally
characterized as "sot."
VShe glanced covertly across , the
table many times and furtively cleared
her throat before she found sufficient
courage to address her liege.
. "Father," she began at length, a
trifle more apologetlcal than usual,
| By J. B. Oxford. I
MRS. STETSON'S REVOLT
THE SUNDAY CALL.
LOVE FOR
CHILDREN
11THE SUNDAY, CALTj.
STRIKING FACTS ABOUT
STRIKING THINGS
BJMUUAMg>.g!giK>J| HE following com
| 2BEE2£&i£3 parlson only attempts
i< £? SUi *° eal w ' tn wages In
b V^j S^3 *^e or^inary accept-
B jOH? a.nce of the term — the
r» r?^ "W^i money received In
pl^^r?^^ payment for labor. It
is, however, evident.
that to examine thoroughly the rewards
of labor In different countries and to
compare them, many other factors.
such as cost of living, would, call for
consideration. For, as Adam Smith
says ("Wealth of Nations," Bk. I.,
Chap. V.) "the real wa?es of labor may be said to consist of the auantlty of
the necessaries and conveniences of life that are given for It; its nominal wages
In the quantity of money. The laborer Is rich or poor, is well or ill rewarded. In
proportion to real, not the nominal, wages of his labor." A comparison of
"real" wages would be an extremely difllcult. if not an impossible task The
best practicable substitute consists of an account of money wages, with the
reservation that the "real" wages may be, either greater or less than the
"money" wages— greater where the cost of living is low. less where this is
high. •
Even with reference to money wages it is impossible to give as exact a
comparison, when dealing with large classes In different countries, as v. hen
dealing with smaller classes or with individuals in the same country I sha
endeavor to present a fairly correct picture of the conditions which prevail
by first giving an estimate of the general average of wages in the three
countries in -whirh the conditions are most Interesting, viz.: America. Kng
land and Germany, and then by giving in more detail particulars of wages
In tucclal branches of Industry in several countries.
Let us take America first. An offlclal estimate (the Wage -Census) gives
J4S4 per year (3Ss 9d per week) as the general average of wages for the' whole
of the States. In the slave States, where the competition of cheap black la
bor is felt, the average runs from $211. to $395 per year (16s lid to 31s 6d per
week) In "the States around New York the general average is $493 per year
(29s 6d per week). I have made an estimate from the returns relating to
255 000 workers in the State of Massachusetts (published by the Massachu
setts Bureau of Statistics of Labor) and obtain an average of 42s 6d per
week, or a little more than the average above given. I do not know of any
offlcfal general average for this country, but Charles Booth gives particulars
of the wages of 75.000 workers in various trades in- London, and their average
is approximately 31s 9d per week.
In Germany particulars are recorded as to the wages of 10,000 employes
In various trades in Baden, and here the average is iss <a per wmk. tsroaq
averages such as these are, of course, liable to. certain errors, but probably
they are sufficiently accurate to give a fairly correct Impression of the gen
eral level of money wages fn the three countries. .
The employes have been. divided Into classes according to the amount of
their wages, those receiving under 20s per week forming one class, from 20s
to 25s the next class, and so on. The vertical height of each column repre
sents the number in each class out of a hundred work people. In England
it will be observed there Is a very large group in the classes ranging from
20s to 35s per week, and the numbers fall off rapidly above and below these
limits. Almost half the workers are In the two classes which earn from 23s
to 35s per week.
In America there is much more variety in the Incidence of wapes, and
the population Is much more evenly divided among the various classes. It is
Interesting to note that the proportion earning less than 2Qa a week Is near
ly twice as large as It is In this country. At the other extreme the figures
are more favorable to America; as ths number of people there v who earn
more than 45s per week is five times as great as It is here.
The diagram does not throw a very favorable light on the ; state of
wages in Germany. More, than half the wage earners appear to receive
less than 20s a week,, while the number of those receiving more than 30s a
week Is only 7 per cent., and, does not admit easily of a further division
Into classes. Indeed, in, order to get a complete picture of German wages
It Is necessary to subdivide further the group of wage earners receiving less
that 20s *a week. When' this Is done it is found that 12 per cent receive
less that 12s a week, 14 per cent receive from 12s to 15s a week and 20 per,
cent receive from 15s to 18sja week.
The mos't Important industry in every country is agriculture and on the
whole it is one of the worst paid. The following figures give an idea of the
rate of. pay given to agricultural laborers in various parts of the world.
In England the general average of wages of ordinary agricultural labor
ers is 17s a week .without* board. There are considerable variation* In dif
ferent parts of the co'untry; the rate being highest as a rule In the neigh
borhood of coal mines and, In other industrial centers. The highest rate ia
found in Durham and Is 20s 9d a week; the lowest. In Suffolk, is 14s 5d.
In America the general average is 17s lid a weekend the rate varies from
£1 IOs 2d in Washington to 12s in South Carolina. The lowest rate of ag
ricultural wages in the States is thus lower than the lowest In this coun-
On the Continent the wages of agricultural laborers are much lower than
the rates given above. For instance. In France the average Is 12s a week,
Dr .mark 9s to 10s, Belgium 9s Gd and in Hungary only 6s 3d. On the other
hand, in the colonies the average rates are higher than' either In .this coun
try or in the States. For instance, In Canada the general average Is 21s,
ivhiia thin is pvwpripri \n Manitoba and British Columbia. In the older col-
onles of Australia the average runs
from _10s to 20s a week with board, and
In Western Australia reaches 60s a
week, but this does not include board.
The mining industries show very
considerable variations. In coal mines
the following are average wages: -
s. d. s. d.
Austria ..... 10 0 to 14 0 per week
Belgium .... 15 fi to 21 0 per week
France 16 8 to 25 0 per week
Prussia 18 6 to 24 0 per week
In each of these cases the lower fig
ure refers to the wages of "putters"
and "trammers," while the higher
one refera-to those actually working at v .;• T?neland the
cutting the coal. In Belgium the miner., day is W hour.. In England the
general average rate of wages in coal and Iron mines Is Ms M per *eeK.
. but of course there are wide variations above and below this «*"«•
The metal trades produce .high rates of wages in America and to a less
fra y de. and theWng wage, are obtained
Si :•:•••••• "* >™ SB5SE
¦SSSce :::::::::::...... 2y<d P ernour. ™ per hour.
I rermany per hour. S%d per hour.
Germany jw 15Hd por nour ,
England"""" V.V.'.V.V.'.V. . . . . >• 8Vid per hour. 8V4d per ho % ur.
S^mewhaSlmuiV rates are found in the bolldin* trades: F° r *" m »£
bricklayers' wages are as follows: Belgium. 3d per , hou ;: u . D « nm 2^ E Jl:
¦ i?uld be necessary to flnd out the cost of living in ™*™£Z™£ ,£
tlmate the surplus left out of the wa^es when the ordinary expenses of life
had beet, provided for. This It is impoiilble to do with any degree of accu
racy, and we have to be content with the generally accepted conclusion
that in the United States the cost of living Is considerably h»*her than In
•England, especially ns it affects clothing, coal and rent, while in- continental
countries it is probably not much lower.
State Library at Sacramento. Legislation was soon procured which gave
the trustees ample authority; not onlyto send out traveling libraries, but also
conferred the long-desired right to make the library otherwise helpful to the
State. 0:;^'' "•/.• ¦.¦*.'¦_
The State Library, established in 1850. has by the generous appropria
tions made for its increase become one _of the largest and best selected
State libraries In the Unlted^States; in fact, It Is surpassed. only by the State
Library of New York. :'But*during. the half century; of Its existence Us
functions have been, limitedfsolely to those, of a reference library, save
that a few State officials could borrow books for y : short periods. The time
was ripe for a change.^^ when the great; storehouse" of '120,000 volumes of his-,
tory, art, literature and law— -and; all other departments of knowledge
should become beneficial, to : Its owners— the people of California.. The, first
liberal measure of recent adoption to be described Is that of ' individual
loans outside of Sacramento.. Responsible Individuals and all approved In
stitutions throughout the State may now borrow— perferably through their
local library or the/school authorities— any volume which In the Judgment
of the State Librarian can be spared, or which Is not of such rarity a» to
forbid loaning. 'Such books may be borrowed for two weeks, subject ordi
narily to renewal for the same length of time.- The sole conditions are good
care of the' books and payment of all express charges.
Special stress Is laid by the State Library upon the value of this work,
and no paina will be'spared to accommodate all applicants, regardless of
their, location., in the State., Teachers and women's clubs will find this
boon to t>#'of the highest vaiue in thalr studies.
... •— ;' ' ? * *
No two" States have exactly the same educational problems. Hence, be
fore undertaking the dispatch of traveling libraries, the State library
trustees determined to send State Librarian James L. Glllls on an exten
sive tour of investigation and comparison of the traveling library systems
in the East, bo that the best features of their work might be Incorporated.
If desirable, in our own. During his month's absence Mr. Gillis visited
many State and public' libraries, was' everywhere received with special
courtesy, had every facility for -Information opened to him. with promise
of subsequent co-operation.* His report to the trustees indicates that he
was profoundly Impressed with the value of the work as a 'whole and hear
tily believes in Its widespread adoption In California.
TtteHrustees Immediately voted to send out fifty traveling 'libraries of
fifty volumes each as early as possible and they are now in process of
preparation. These 2500 selected volumes' have been purchased in the East
and will form the basis of a duplicate department of the State library, for
It has never been contemplated— as has been erroneously supposed— to de
plete the existing collections on the shelves by large drafts on them for
traveling library purposes.
The rules governing the issue of traveling libraries are very simple.
They will be loaned to any community now without a public library.
Five resident taxpayers must organize as a local library association and
must pay *3 In advance for transportation of the library both ways. Other
details may be learned by correspondence addressed to the traveling li
brary department of the State library. %
• - • -V.* ji
Inevltabiy 1 the question arises, will this library extension work be a
success? , Before seeking an answer, let us look fit some of the prevailing
conditions. It would seem as if It were supremely appropriate that the
traveling library should have a permanent home among us because of the
peculiar topography of the State. The vast areas and the great mountain
ranges of California ordain the . existence of hundreds of scattered hamlets
and villages that will never be able to support a local library. For that
very reason the State should reach out its helping hand and say to the boy
and girl, the lonely housekeeper and the telling man. "You shall not, be
cause of your Isolation, be deprived of the mental life and power which
comes through the reading of good books; It Is your birthright." Such read-
Ing is part of the education which every State in. this age of the world
should give to those of its youth and adults who desire it. No argument
is needed that without such knowledge there cannot be realized the Indis
pensable qualification of a democracy— the best citizenship.
In further seeking a solution of our question we cannot be unmindful
of the far-reaching results that may flow from this work. It is not merely
a proposition of a few hundred libraries circulating throughout the State,
but rather, what ia to be their effect?— to what will they lead?
Said Oliver Wendell Holmes, when asked at what time a child's educa
tion should begin: "A hundred years before he Is born."
To -our query then we may briefly reply, that, like other worthy enter
prises, the results will largely depend on the management. Rarely does
there come to any body of men an opportunity to do finer work for a great
State than is now presented to the trustees of the State Library. A new
educational field is to be occupied— fortunately with the use of ample
means— yet there, is another imporant factor to be secured. This Is noth
ing less than the' good will and co-operation of the people. No measure for
the uplifting and enlightenment of the masses ever succeeds if It falls to
command that element divine— human sympathy.
From the known strong interest of the State Library Trustees, the
deep concern of Governor Pardee In all educational matters and the well
founded belief that our leading educators will counsel and assist, there is
no room to doubt that the future of library Interests in California Is as
sured.
As time rolls on, to all race lovers comes more and more the con
sciousness'that .
"The education of the people Is the real underlying work for earnest
men who would best serve their country." •
. ¦ . ¦ 2 jc educational measure Is now In view which demands the
]^^s-fc-^sr| sympathy and widespread attention of the people of Caii-
£» fornia. It Is a part of a movement which has for its ob
j*»j&//^ra<«*|) J >(1 lh<? helping of every person, young or old, to broader
</*/^-^Vc^B views of life, to a wider outlook on the world, to a culti
; Ti'W^| vation of the best lhat is in them. These alms are to be
T/d^"-Jifc~^. \ accomplished, first, by a general use of traveling libraries;
JjXjtliauLaqggBg second, by an extension of public libraries to every place
which Is able to support one. . :- '* \
The traveling library is easily described. It is simply a little collection
of books of varied selections— usually of fifty volumes— sent from a center to
places more or less remote. Its object, like that of the public library, Is th«
recreation and Instruction of the people. The most noticeable feature js
seen In the fact that the book is brought to the individual. Instead of com
pelling him to go weary distances to the library. It Is free to all, excepting
transportation charges. f'Jr'--
The ready response to the widespread use of the traveling library In all
parts of our country reveals the longing of the common people for quickened
Intelligence and broader knowledge. They have long waited for such a help
and now cheapness of printing and transportation and rapid communication
combine to make the wish a reality. California is distinguished among her
sister States for zealous educational efforts which have given her schools and
universities exceptional rank. What then has been done In traveling library
work? With the exception of several scores of libraries sent out by women's
clubs, which have done valuable pioneer work, nothing has been accom
plished. Organized womanhood stands for the best in this, as In all other
uplifting plans for the State.
The States of New York, Michigan, Ohio. Wisconsin, Iowa and others
have for many years past found this labor, conducted by the various library
:ommiEslons, to be of the most productive they have undertaken; in fact, it
s Impossible to estimate the educational value of the missionary purpose
tvhlch these Itinerant libraries have performed. They have been sent to min
ing and forest camps, to distant hamlets and towns shut away from close
touch with the world, to little villages whose local libraries are struggling to
live, to granges, schools, societies without number and women's clubs, every
where carrying the refining and elevating influences which are the message
of good literature.
Surely It was with prophetic vision that Horace Mann, the distin
guished educator of Massachusetts, forty years ago exclaimed, "Had I the
power I would scatter libraries over the whole land, as a sower sows hla
wheat field."
The charge of indifference to this great popular movement can no longer
be made against California, for preliminary steps have been officially taken
to a wide and general use of traveling libraries. The Initiative was .effected
a year ago by the California Library Association, which after due discussion
succeeded in obtaining the Interest and. co-operation of the trustees of the
¦¦¦!¦¦! ii n HOUGH we sometimes speak of the great importance and
t '" ir " W * T ", pi the wondrous power of sympathy, too few realize how In-
I IS conceivably potent Is its function In the formation^of hu
oVr JRevS man cnaracter - Especially powerful Is its influence over
SyVcg the tender feelings of a child. In his joys and sorrows
v^** ;Fcm a every child wishes some one to share. At every turn he
w ¦¦n-jui.TWTTTTT-a needs, and should have, the tenderest sympathy of the lov
ing parent. Too often he receives no sympathy where he
has a right to expect It.
The child who has injured himself is made no better by being told, "It
serves you right; be more careful next time." "I told you you would hurt
yourself." Such a statement will tend to Btir up all that # ls worst in any
child, but especially in the child of some temperaments. ',
Parents must ever remember, and never forget, then, that sympathy Is
the strongest bond of union between human hearts. It is not -possible for -
any heart to shut Itself against it. When all else has failed it will prove to,
be the most powerful factor In reclaiming the lost. Indeed, it seems almost
Impossible to exaggerate the strength of the influence which it exerts in
forming character and in regulating the habits of all. If a child feels
that you sympathize with him he will imitate you, and you can .mold him
almost at will.
As children grow older their habits become firmly fixed, and determine
character. That which is once fixed in a child's mind . through loving
sympathy will scarcely ever be removed, even by the moat skillful argu
ment. Each one of us can trace most changes in ourselves to the Influence
of some one whom we loved, 'because of the sympathy which was shown
us. It may have been silent sympathy. It may have* been almost or en
tirely unconscious. It was none the less powerful.
The child who loves the parent and feels that he possesses the parent's
sympathy needs but little admonition or criticism. When he perceives
what the parent wishes the, bond of sympathy tends to firmly establish
the desired principles. Be assured that In no way can any parent gain
such power over a child for the purpose of shaping his character as by
manifesting warm sympathy with the .child. Next to a lack of loving
kindness there Is no more potent cause of unhapplness to children than a
lack of sympathy In those from whom they have a right to expect It.
Almost every person has wondered at the peculiar, potfer and action of
sympathy. One child starts to cry, and nearly all the young children present
will do the same, as if they had been Injured also. The actress feigns
great grief, and two-thirds of the audience Join with her In' shedding tears.
Or one or two start to laugh, and, In a short time it will spread to the whole
company, though none may be able to tell why they are laughing. Some
one sneezes or yawns and many others do the same. \,A Joke which Is
scarcely, understood by a single heare r will set a whole audience- into
sympathetic laughter. ,
It would thus seem, that there Is some mysterious. Inexplicable power
In sympathy. By this power the mental or physical conditions of one may
be communicated to others, Increasing in intensity as It passes from one
to another. Since this is so, need we wonder that that sympathy, prompted
by. holiest, love, should have such an all-powerful effect upon children, who
are bo "delicately deeply sensitive, to every influence? .
Some may assert that there is no difference between sympathy and love.
If this is the caBe,; then, having considered the power of love and kind
ness, we are not Justified In spending even a few minutes In the/con
sideration of sympathy. But are they the same? Love may. be" upon one
side alone, and therefore . unappreciated and without any power of affect
ing the object loved. It is not so with sympathy. Sympathy Is two-fold.
It starts as a response to an express need. It is an answer to a call for
it, whether • expressed in words or ; not. It is therefore certain of grateful
recognition, even where love Is neither felt nor welcome.
v As .before - stated, next' to love, there Is nothing a child needs so much
as sympathy. It is : much easier for a parent to love a child than to give
the child the'sympathy which. It should have. ' Parental ! love is natural. It
may not be unnatural, but It is. comparatively 'seldom r. that a parent is
found who, shows. great sympathy with his child In both work and play.
When such. a) parent is noticed it is considered worthy of remark, if not re
markable. UThiB may Beema; strong statement, but It is believed that it will
bear the test, of Investigation.' '
Let the reader ask himself the questions: "How many playthings have
I taken home to my child? Of these, how many have I taken time to enjoy
with the child in play? How many books have I purchased for him? How
many of them have I enjoyed with him or even made Inquiry concern-
Ing? Of the things lost how many have I simply replaced? Concerning the
lost how many have I really sympathized with the dear child in his then
great sorrow?" Truthful answers to such questions as the above will give
a parent some idea as to .whether or not he is showing that sympathy to
which every child is entitled. SflSpl
v To sympathize. with a child you must be able to put yourself in the
child's place and feel as a child. You must forget that you ara not a
child. any. longer. By being a child again 'for a few minutes you will not
only make the child love and adore you, but you will again renew your
youth and be the better and the stronger because of it-
Let it be acknowledged, then' that the most effective way of securing
that confidence and love of children which make their management
easy- Is by sympathizing with them in their hopes, in their fears, in their
sorrows, in their plays and in their work. Certain It Is that the parent
who does not sometimes descend into the world in which the child lives
as a sharer of its fears and sorrows and not as « faultfinder or even as
a counselor cannot have the fullest power over the child.
NlneAlmes out of ten— yes, ninety-nine times out of & hundred— the
child does not mean to do wrong. The right kind of sympathy will have a
more powerful effect at this time than at any other, for the heart is es
pecially open to Buch influences when bowed down by grief.
Why should not the loving parent sympathize with the weakness
which has resulted in some folly? - ; Then is the time a child is most happy
to turn for advice and, comfort to some one stronger than he. God for
give the parent who could turn an unsympathetic ear to a penitent child's
cry.
Foolish is the parent, and not often truthful, who tells the child he does
not understand how he can be so bad'. Hard-hearted he who can turn such
a child away without the sympathy to which he is entitled. If he does this
he need not be surprised if, at the same time, he builds between himself and
his child a barrier which will probably never be removed.
REMARKABLE, DEVELOPMENTS OF TRAVELING LIBRARIES IN CALIFORNIA
By William P. Kimball
SYMPATHY BETWEEN PARENT AND CHILD—-- ELEVENTH TALK
BY W.J. Shearer
12By
Eilly
Burgundy
"They Dined
That
Evening
and When
Barrington
Took an
Inventory
of Els Wad
He round
H2 Was
Ten Bones
Strong
Naturally this put quite a crimp in Barrington's business and set him
behind with the landlord and the crocer. Fact is, it put him on his uppers,
for he had no working capital.
When the votes were counted and it was found that the reform ticket
came in second, word was passed down the line to £0 ahead, and business
at once picked. up with Barrington. -¦'. .
The first case in which he was retained was that of one Musrer Mulligan,
alias Squint-Eye the Brute. Muggsy was pinched on the charge of having
removed from the Person of'another one sparkler and three steel engravings
done by Uncle Sam, having a face value of one hundred dollars each. *
Not less than seven persons whose veracity could not be questioned had
seen Muggsy turn the trick, and it looked like a cinch that he would have
to do a bit
Now it came to pass that a municipal election had to be pulled off, »o
the pkin clothes men passed out the tip to the grafters to ease up a bit until
the votes were cast.
Despite the fact that Barrington had been. busy before the bar for some
fifty-odd years.- he had not been able to run up a stack of blues, for the rea
ioa that whenever his clients were caught with the goods they were relieved
of them before Barrington arrived. Then, too, Barrington's wife was an
avvi'ul spender, and always went through his clothes in the morning befort
waking him up.
Earrington stood ace high with porch-climbers and all-around .crooks,
r.::d enjoyed the distinction of having saved more men from rock pile and
striped apparel than the clcrgv. . I >
Once upon a time there was a foxy old geezer of the name of Barring
ton Blackstone Bellows.
Barrington was a criminal lawyer, and a wonder in his line. He was on
to all the fine points of his business, had the penal code down pat and was
pitted with a line of talk that was always good for an acquittal on the first
ballot.
Such little things as the evidence and the Judge's charge amounted to
notl.ing to a jury that had heard Barrington tell his side of the storv.
Whenever he stood up in front of the box, looked appealingly into th«
t.ves oi the twelve men good and true, shed a quart of tears and pointed hi»
trwnbiing finger at the grief-stricken wife of the accused, the jury was with
him to a man. and that was about all there was to it.
When Barrington was called in he guaranteed to save Mucks v the trou
ble of doing time for the sum of three hundred dollars. Barnnsrton hap
pened to need just about that amount of money, but for some reason or
other did not seem desirous of possessing a diamond.
When the case came up for trial the eye-witnesses told exactly how the
Job was done, and then Barrintrton got busy.
It took him just two hours to convince the jury that his client was inno
eent, and as usual there was an acquittal the first dash out of the box.
. After thanking the iurv and receiving the congratulations of his friends
Muggsy paid'Barrington three one hundred dollar bills for his services.
When Barrington returned to his office he shut himself up in the consul
tation room and heaved a sieh of relief. He was out of the hole, and his
heart was glad. He footed iio his outstanding tabs and found that thev came
to. two hundred and sixtv simoleons flat He was strong enouzh to take
them up and still be forty to the good.
.Contentment settled do\yn upon his . pallid dome, and he felt that ioy
which comes to a man when he breaks even on the consolation iackoot
He I fingered, his roll with a satisfied unction and pictured the obsequious
delight with which his tab-holders would write "received payment" over
their autograph before the sun could set
It was at this moment that a knock came at the door and a delicate
fragrance began to elbow itself through the clouds of smoke that sprunsr
from his Colorado Madura. BIS
* In response to Barrinjrton's "Come in," a swaggerly attired damsel with
downcast eyes: and openwork, stockings entered. After much swishinsr of
skirts ahd^ebquettish display of lingerie, she announced that she was suo
portirig a widowed mother and ah invalid brother by selling "The History of
OurNew Possessions." a maenificent work in fifty volumes, full morocco
binding, a^ $250. Terms, cash with order.
: Barrington cared nothing whatever for history, and a derned sight less
for our : new possessions. But when the dainty little creature gave him one
of her most lingering looks and said that she would accept his invitation
to/dinnerif hewould oromise upon his word not to keep her out too late,
he . changed his mind and gave his order.
. They .dined that . evening, and when Barrington took an inventory oi
his wad hefound that. he was ten bone,s strong.- *
Moral: The sight of skirts can make any man forget his debts.
Copyright, 1903, by Steve Floyd, N. Y.
TALE OF THE MAN WHO GOT OUT OF A HOLE AND FELL BACK AGAIN
"Mrs. Ame
lia's Ambi
tion Was to
Boa Back
Somersault
From th.6
Top Bound
of the
Social
Ladder."
By
Nicholas
Nemo
where all that a woman who wanted to give the social mill a twist or two
had to do was to throw a shawl over her head and i drop into a few back
doors to break the news. Now back doors are ; scarce in the metropolis
and Mrs. Amelia was soon up against ithe fact '. that , the :. unfortunate indi
vidual who attempted to butt in without having been : properly accredited to
the powers that are most of the time would get a reception '- that would
make a refrigerator look like a kitchen range in full blast.
As a result of this slight oversight on her part, Mrs. Amelia's first ef
fort was attended by pretty much everything except the guests that she
most wanted and success. Her experience in this round taught her that she
was away behind in the latest methods of getting her name at the top of
the column of society notes. Being not devoid of guile, and realizing that
neither Rome nor Newport was built in a day she determined to put her
self in training for the next event. The retired society leader whom she
called in to coach her on the latest rules for infighting and. breaking 'away
among the "best people*' told her that thesine qua non was to eet hersslf
talked about. As an opening? lead she suegefted a divorce suit When Mrs:
Upandatit broached the subject to Mr. U. she was surprised to find that he
had conscientious scruples tucked a\?iy in some' out-of-the-wav corner of
his soul, a^id besides he was too busy to be bothered with trifles just then.
The cruelty of modern husbands is b»vonH be'ief.
When she failed to move her incumbrance to a sense of his Christian
duty in the case. Mrs. Upandatit fe t for ?. few days that her name was
really Upagainstit. More than ever she realized that eternal climbing: is the
price of getting one's name in the list of those present. But her trainer
bade her be of good cheer, the experience of said trainer having tausjht her
that a fight is never over till the count is finished. As a substitute for a
divorce suit she advised Mrs. Upandatit to try a Newport cottage and a
steam yacht; to be sure there is nothing particularly original in either of
these methods of treating but they are standard remedies that are
guaranteed to cure all but the most stubborn cases, and Mrs. Amelia found
that they would do all that was recommended for them. •
For a long time she congratulated herself that she had the. upper crust
rolled out thin with her initials stamped on it in big letters. Even a com
mon, ordinary cottlHonfest was good for a column any day. in the week, and
her masked ball a la simian kept the society reporters; busy for at least three
days. Her rivals were on the keen iump to stay iri sight of her. but most
of them had to wear thick-veijs to keen her dust out of -, their eyes at that,
Mi» uniiMi^ RS. AMELIA I. UPANDATIT was a woman with -an am-'
r /— V— 3^, bition. Being a woman, th2t is equivalent to saying that
ffr7/. /^f*r&k E ' lc was * ntcnt on doing one of two things — to cast a vote
I •y&Jft\fl a or to climb the social ladder and do a back somersault on
/ $^HhA a l * ie t0£> roun d- rs - Amelia's most heartfelt desire was
]>**¦ "-jQJ^ to do the social stunt. There wasn't room for the idea ot
iTj voting to enter her head. As far as she was concerned
the glorious cause of universal franchise might have been carted out into the
broad Atlantic and dropped overboard in the deepest place.
It wasn't long, however, before Mrs. Upandatit began to give a high-class
imitation of Mr. Alexander, late of Macedon, in his renowned act of sighing
:cr more worlds over which to cast the protecting mantle of benevolent
assimilation. As a result of this sighing habit of Mrs. Amelia's, her negli
gible fraction had it borne in upon his cerebral upholstery that it had arrived
to him, as our French friends would say, to get out and hustle in a field
that would give the speaking member of the firm a little more elbow room.
She was aweary of the dreary social round of Lonesomevillc, and besides
there were a few people there who were of the opinion that she was some
what short of being the whole show for the reason that her great grandfather
hadn't been obliging enough to get himself turned into an imitation of a
sieve in some of the battles wherein our forefathers demonstrated their abil
ity to do their own tax dodging. Another objection that these absurd people
made to Mrs. Upandatit was that the had never been inoculated with the
Boston brand of culturine virus. Therefore, stid Mrs. Amelia, it is our
move.
Being a man and for that reason a model of prompt and unquestionable
obedience, her husband cast his eyes cautiously around the horizon in
search of some bourne where grandfathers don't count and culture is un
known; some place where diplomas cease from troubling and ancestors
axe at rest The locality that seemed to him to about fill the bill was a
certain village that lies between the Hudson River and Long Island Sound,
where the boundaries of the United States Steel Corporation- and the Ship
building Trust intersect. Mr. Upandatit had a few trusts concealed about his
person and he was of the opinion that if he could get past theg corner of
Wall and Broad streets without being held up he could make good on a lit
t'e scheme or two of his own. j, .a, ]¦¦ ¦'¦'.)¦
Thus it came about that in the course of time the Upanditits were
duly installed in the island that is situated as aforesaid and Mrs. Upandatit
was launched upon her career of social illumination. Her ideas of the
proper way to pull off a society function were of the Lonesomeville variety,
and Mr. Upandatit was working night and day to keep the visible supply of
dust up to the legal requirement. When the Count von Wurzberger spent
two weeks in America collecting extensive material for' his new book on
'"Things That Never Happen in der Vereinigten Stadten," Mrs. Upandatit
got together a swell handout for him that he sincerely assured her was fully
equal to the best free lunch in the old country. When the other society
heavyweights heard of the Count's warm praise they turned so green with
envy that the whole town looked like a St Patrick's day parade on its
native sort. . I'',- . ....
The casual observer might conclude from these few indications that
Mrs." Upandatit was justified in thinking that she had at last arrived with
both feet and room to spare, but the evidence was not all in yet In the
course of her excursions into the best families of the island that brilliant
luminary was frequently stumbling over names that didn't seem to figure
largely on her visiting list. When she conferred with her trainer that person
age informed her that they were the descendants of the first settlers, who
were of the opinion that they had been set apart in the original arrange
ment cf the universe, and were henceforth and forever more to remain
quiet and ruminate on their exalted and unassailable position. She also in
formed Mrs Upandatit that they were neither rich nor prominent in so
ciety but that an invitation to Sunday night tea in their back parlor was
more' to be desired than a full column on the front page of the Daily
Whirled ora place in the front rank of the Vanderbilk's german.
. This kind of talk was calculated to make Mrs. Upandatit go down into
her brown study, which she kept swept and aired for just such occasions,
but for the first time in her life she failed to dig up the right kind of a plan
for the conquest of the new field. She had thought that she stood on the
top round of the ladder: she discovered that her ladder was only a fire es
cape and that the real thine wasn't even on her side of the block. The rest
of the story is very brief, but extremely pathetic. Mrs. Upandatit hap
pened to run against one of these samples of the real article at a meeting
of the woman's committee for the provision of sexing machines lor the
Cannibal Islanders. Mrs. Realthing had never heard Mrs. Upandatit s name
before zrtd got it wrong four times in five minutes. That was enough lor
Mrs Upandatit: she returned home and gently but firmly died that rncrht of
mortification of the egomaniac nerve, complicated by ingrown ambitioa
Her sad fate teaches us the useful lesson that the atmosphere in high
altifudes is extremely rar.fied. and that the reason that there is so much
room at the top is that there are so few people there, and the ones who have
arrived put in most of their time holding down their places.
(Copyright. 1903. by Albert Brttt.)
COLLAPSE OF
A CLIMBER
:,•'¦•.;-¦ • •
Some people blame fate because opportunity does not walk around with
a telephone and a megaphone attachment
Standing on ceremony is sometimes like standing on a headless barrel.
You risk an unceremonious tumble.
,.^m ,..; ¦ •'. ¦ ¦ *^£
Make the best of life and life w-ill do its best for you. *
¦¦.. ?("-¦• "¦¦ • ~j
When women begin to know one another too well they cease to know
one another at alL
• * - <J • %', :
A nan who thinks he can win a lawsuit against a pretty woman is not
even in the kindergarten class of human nature.
. * * w
If you let a woman alone she will give even herself away.'
Fortune-tellers sre purveyors of great expectations.
A man never thinks any man Rood enough for his daughter, but the
mother will accept any old weather-beaten proposition who flatters her and
FVop'e who are rated lucky generally have sense enough to work for it
i;> the beginning and to hold on in the end.
, ' , . . . t * * . . .. .
A man. like a salad dressing, is never good when too oily. A woman,
' ;i -/> a salad dressing, is never good when too tart.
Discretion is the better part of saying the right thing at the right time.
Some people go through life as if walking in sleep.
The ladies are having a dog show in New York and the are win-
Mr. Bill Devery of New York says that the "men who wear silk stock
ings have corns on their morals." The Kitty takes a back seat
.7 ¦¦ ." ¦ . • r (2 • ' : -. ; •
When a man takes a fatal dose of matrimony it is not always with sui
cidal intent. . -. V?
/••-.:.••: •
Some men Sc young, some get married and some run for office. *
* *,'-¦ >: • '\
Politeness is the art of being agreeable to disagreeable people.
* * * '-;'•--'•'•, --'-J. ::
Nrw York politicians thought they had wiped the smile from the face of
the Tirnnuny tiger and chewed off his tail. But Tige'«is doing business
at the same old stand with the same old smilr.
• • •
If the old-tixae 'lije't chariot had been seized for debt' he would not
hav« got to heaven 00 schedule time. ". •
• ? •
T^|^==^trj£3 T i$ useless to advertise for lost confidence.
' V^llv^.^ I* * cirl really jumped at a proposal wouldn't that be
•^r^r-«r?U^- • *" lv thine to do?
* ¦'¦i^t^. -^ ! Dow-ie proved that Chicago is $t:ll a thousand milci
A bride always looks so smiling, while a groom looks like the star per
former of his own hanging bee. I
A woman is always proud of her age before she is 20 and after she is to.
• • ?
I always sympathize with the dog which has to take care of the woman
Dowie should go out of the prophet business. He prophesied that he
would spank 550,000,000 out of New York, but New York had too much
sense lor that. Poor 'Lije! his whiskers were the only thing great about
When a man advertises for a wife the woman generally pays dear for the
"ad."
ME-OWS
THE S UNDAY* CAJLlu
OF A KITTY
A woman never thinks any girl good enough for her son and will not
leave a girl a •bred of reputation who makes goo-goo eyes at mamma's dar
ling.
• • •
A maa with no conscience always finds it dead easy. *
Some peoplt are so anxious to take all they can get that they even get
religion.
• • •
The financier is the fellow who wants to gather in all the finance here.
The broker is the fellow who .takes good care that the other fellow is
broke-r.
The real estate man makes sure that he acquires the real estate.
• • »
Never tell a woman that you like to hear her talk unless your life is
heavily insured. Accidents may happen.
»• • ,: • /
People seldom reform until they are too poor to do anything elsa.
• • • ..
•People who are always lamenting the passage of the M ff6od old times"
would use some very bad language if they still had to lumber alons in an
old stage coach.
• * -¦'**¦
People who tre always laudine the "good old times" swear if the tele
phone won't work. •
¦¦ : >. ?- \*; ->¦¦-!
People who are always regretting the "good old times'* are thrown into
a panic if the telegraph wires are down.
People .who are -always condemning modern lassitude feel like killing
the fellow who tells them that "the elevator ain't running."
: ' ' -j.-. * • •
Men who are always sneering at those who fail to take exercise bubble
over with "cuss" words if they run up against a street car blockade.
« * •
Men who rail at the danger of a football game are the first to be crazy
over the reports.
:.,'.*.¦- •¦¦¦ * ?
People who criticize most unsparingly the modern drama are always on
time when the box office opens. They only want to see how dreadful it
Women who are so dreadfully shocked at the latest society scandal
sprain their ankles rushing the news stand for the latest.
- * * *
One swallow does not make a cocktail or a highball.
;:- • .-_ ¦ ...» --' * * ¦>'¦
Circus lemonade is downright unfeeling when one has a thirst a yard
wide and warranted not to shrink.
Birds of a feather! But, gracious, that makes me sick. Think of a bird
with only a feather! It's almost indecent: the horrid thing.
v.-.- »'-'¦ V- •_V> •» ¦ ."• * ¦¦*.
A stitch in time! The possibilities and probabilities — too awful to con
sider.
Never kick a man when he's down. We're all human and temptations
are great.
Those who would climb life's ladder rnust begin at the bottom, unless
they are light enough to go up on the business end of a kite.
Some people think themselves so dose to the angels that they shave
their shoulder blades to keep the wings from sprouting.
-:.,* • •
A callow youth with a little fuzz on his lip thinks himself a full-grown
man.
• * * *
Live and let live, but rake in the shekels and give away libraries or any
Maudlin sentiment is often mistaken for zeal in the service of the Lord.
% Your best friends are often your worst enemies.
FABLE OF
THE FOOLISH
In ; Besponsa ! to Harrington's "Come In," a Swaggerishly Attired Damsel
1 f-^Wittx DoVncaJt Byei'and Open-Work' Stockings Entered.
13THE SUNDAY CALL:
The offices of United States Marshal
and' United States Attorney In a Ter
ritory are not very lucrative and resort
Commissioner. of the General Land.Of
fice I wrote him as follows: "Slr-^-I find
in the advance pages " sent me of , your
forthcoming annual report a statement
that the Truckee River takes' Its rise
in Pyramid Lake. ¦ runs • southwesterly
and empties into Lake Tahoe. The re-
the oth*» hand, t2» Irian vote was
equally large. ¦- ...
"Are yon an IrlehmanT** gald the can
didate.,: : ! /' ; ;;'- ; ; '.; .;.'•: •-•'•. ¦¦'.:--¦¦¦ '¦'¦
"I am sire, and proud of It," was the
reply. *B8nB0Bu£S
"Well, go and get a negro and com*
upon the stand with him. •© that X can
examine both of you, and Til give you
my ; best 5 Judgment.**.
: Curious ; are \ the ways 'of a man ¦ with
a mine*. "" Once'upbrila tlrne,^having.*ao
ddentaliy.' a few '; months', time I and a
Attorney '¦. at r law, . veterinary surgeon
and general contractor; will practice in
all ¦ the courts, draw deeds and all . pa
pers, cleans vaults, whitewashes fences,
digs wells, saws and chops wood.
Translates French, German and Span
ish papers. Works by the day, ; hour or
Job. ¦ "¦- Office at ' residence on Goose : Flat.
Give me a call.
The ; following Is from an advertise
ment i In : the Prescott (Arizona) Miner
of / August, 1879:
.'STEPHEN ]q: MARCON.
(Jack of all trades.)
Governor Torres of Bonora and Gov
ernor San* ord of Arizona were In the
habit of extraditing public offenders on
each. other's demands, without the for
mality of a resort to Washington for
papers. It was accomplished by the
simple but sufficient process of seizing
the criminal In an unconventional way
and depositing him on the other side of
the line, where officials were waiting
for him. .
An Arizona merchant told to another
dealer s> large bill of dry goods and
clothing, which were packed in bales
by the vender for transportation by
mule train. Arrived at their destina
tion 100 miles away, the bales were un
packed and found to contain only
worm-eaten dried apples. .The swindler
in the meantime fled to Hermosillo.
When the usual Informal requisition
was made . Oovemor Torres replied
that the villainous opposition press of
Mexico had been sharply, critidzing his
official administration, especially in tha
matter of extraditing criminals without
papers,* and he would be compelled to
discontinue the practice for the present.
But his great and good friend. Gov
ernor Saff ord, should not therefore be
powerless to punish* offenders against
the laws, and If his great ' and good
"Is the ledge permanent?" asked the
cautious Investor of the prospector who
was trying to sell, his claim. •"Perma
nent?"' was the answer, "well I should
•mile. If you had Niagara for the wa
ter power and the Territory of Arizona
for a dumping ground; and hell for a
blast furnace you could not work that
ledge out in a million years. 1 *
To his Excellency Robert Leather
wood. Mayor of Tucson: His Holiness
tho Pope extends his heartfelt congrat
ulations to your Excellency at the es
tablishment of telegraphic communica
tion between the andent^and honorable
pueblo of Tucson and the holy see. His
Holiness the Pope ventures to hop© that
the wires will prove links to bind to
gether the hearts of the people of the
two cities. His Holiness the Pope de
sires me to Inquire of your Excellency
where in hell la Tucson. -
-ANTO3CHn > .T.T l »
Finally, about midnight, when the
crowd surrounding Leatherwood car
ried crimson paint brushes and were
all telegraphically hilarious, the fol
lowing telegram was received and read:
"ROME. March. 1SS1.
A new Mayor of a newly Incorporate*
ed city is about. as important •> funo
tlonary—In his own opinion— as can ba
found anywhere, and the smaller th«
city the larger the Mayor. Wh«n the
construction of the Southern Padflo
road was In progress across Arizona
there was chosen as Mayor of The an*
dent and honorable pueblo of Tucson"
a publlo-splrlted little gentleman
known to fame as Bob Leathsrwood.
The Western Union Telegraph Com
pany completed its line to Tucson a few
months In advance of the completion
of the railroad and the dtlzens, under
the leadership of Mayor Bob, organized
an Impromptu celebration, consisting*
mainly of "setting them up" for each
other. Early In the day Mayor Bob
sent off telegrams of congratulation to
the Governors of California* New York
and other States and the Mayors of Ban
Francisco. New York, ; Chicago and
other cities. In the evening answers to
these dispatches arrived and were read
by Mayor Bob to the' crowd In the
Fashion 8aloon, where the .main cele
brating was conducted. A. pair of un
principled wags obtained /some receiv
ing blanks and suborned the new tele
graph messenger boy, and when th»
genuine dispatches began to give out
faked dispatches were concocted and
delivered. A telegram purporting to
come from President Arthur congratu
lated the Mayor of Tucson on the con
nection of his city with the Federal
capital by wire. Then came a telegram
from Lord Beaconsfleld to the Illustri
ous Mayor of Tucson, saying: "Her
Majesty the Queen desires me to ex
press her personal and official delight
at being in touch with you. and hopes
that the harmonious relations between
Tucson and London may never be dis
turbed."
has occasionally been had to question
able methods for Increasing their rev
enues. One diligent and rapacious
Marshal In Arizona trained three Wal
lapal Indians as detectives. When the
jrain stopped for half an hour for din
ner at a station in Arizona one of these
savages would approach a second-class
passenger, or a brakebeam tourist and
say to him: "You like make half a dol
lar? I give you half'a dollar you go to
store ''across street and buy enc bottle
whisky. Saloon man no sell * to Injln.
When you come back I give you half
dollar more and take i the whisky."
The tenderfoot who availed himself of
the offered opportunity was, upon the
completion of the transaction, arrested
immediately by a Deputy Marshal for
selling liquor to an Indian. "His indict
ment followed in due course. The proof
was plenary and . conviction followed.
Each conviction resulted in adding $100
or more to the assets of the Federal
officers out of Uncle Sam's pocket, until
the | Judge | presiding after four or five
convictions; with the same set of wit
nesses, . • remarked : "Mr. Clerk, how
many more of such cases as these are
there on- •the calendar?" "Eighty
three." , "The Marshal has been Indeed
diligent in the discharge of his duties."
said; the court, "but I cannot permit
his teal to bankrupt the United States
treasury. Mr. District Attorney, you
will enter a nolle prosequl. in all the
other cases and an order that the de
fendants b* discharged.**
Years afterward a man came Into
my office and Invoked my services In
some litigation in which he was In
volved and suggested that he had once
turned a lot of water on my wheel by
locating me in a mining claim. /It
seems ; that my locator had backed a
litigant In a case where I had been em.
ployed on the other tide and be was a
witness and was aeverely handled and
his friend . lost the case ~«nd ha ! remem%
bered it, and when they were out pros
pecting and .discovered the Kempton
they concluded to locate me therein, so
that In the event of trouble they would
have a lawyer.
tew thousand aouars io spare, I con
cluded to rid myself of both by a trip
to . Europe. In Paris I received' a let
ter from a banker in a mining town
where my home had been, inclosing a
quitclaim deed to him of a one-third
Interest' in the Kempton mining claim,
and saying that if I would sign it I
could draw on. him for $500. I did not
know of any such claim, or of owner
ship of any mining claim in that dis
trict, and I did not think it safe to
take the money, so I wrote him brief
ly, declining the offer, giving no rea
son for my declination and stating that
I would" soon be back. Some months
afterward on my return to 'my, former
home the same gentleman called on
me, told me that the mine was look-
Ing better and offered me $3000 for my
interest. I said I would look into It
and let him . know in a few days. I
visited the district where the mine was,
searched the records and found my
name along with those of one Kempton
and one Hamilton signed to a. notice of
location of 'the Kempton mining claim.
I did not know either of these gentle
men and inquiry developed the fact
that they had sold their two-thirds
Interest to my banker friend some
months . before and - that Kempton was
dead and Hamilton had left th» Terri
tory. I interviewed the banker and
stated the facts to him and
agreed to accept $5000 for. any Interest
I. might have in the mining claim, pro
vided he would elm an agreement that
I had sold with the understanding that
I did not. know whether I was the per
son whose name was in the location or
whether It was another of the same
name. He accepted my offer and paid
the money. - -
friend would kindly indicate what
amount and kind of punishment thm
fugitive ought to receive ha (Governor
Torres) would see that It was Inflicted
upon the rascal. Governor - Bafford
wrote in reply that he thought about
three months' imprisonment at hard
labor would be right.' Governor Torres
gave the culprit for good mearar* four
months' practice In street cleaning la
the chain gang and the rascal never
knew and nobody else was 'ever abla to
ascertain for what offense It* was pan**
isbed. " ¦ : --
The trustees of the principal mining
companies created a milling corpora
tion and contracted with themselves
to crush all the ore at a high price
per ton. The rich ore was mixed with
poor ore and the poor ore with bedrock
and the stock of the milling company
paid dividends while the stockholders
of the mining companies paid assess
ments.
Two humble adventurers In the lar
ceny line resorted' to more primitive
methods of obtaining other people's
property. They were employed in the
assaying and melting room of one of
This being accomplished the superin
tendent hauled up and detached the
wire cable, took out some necessary
pieces of machinery, closed and locked
the hoisting house, and placed a trusted
ally on guard. That night he rode on
horseback to the railroad station forty
miles away, caught the train and the
next day at noon was in San Fran
cisco. His relative was a man of large
resources and within three days they
had quietly bought up two-thirds of
the stock in the mine. Then the im
prisoned men were released, work was
resumed, the bonanza was developed
and within one month the stock had
advanced from $8 to $600 per share, and
the trust-betraying scoundrel — for he
was nothing else — was worth $7,000,000,
and was at once admitted to social and
business communion with all the other
magnates of the Comstock.
Another "operator" In charge of a
bank loaned the money of Its stock
holders to mining corporations to en
able them to continue development
work in advance of the collection of
assessments. If the company "struck
It rich," something happened to the
pumping machinery and the shaft filled
with water. The "operator" and his
friends bought in the stock, then the
mine was pumped out. the bonanza un
covered and more millionaires were
created.
Breaches of trust by which millions
were obtained were as brazen as the
dissipations of the millionaires. To this
day men relate as an exhibition of
financial and business acumen the act
of a California mining boss and county
politician who at a low ebb in his for
tune was 6ent to a relative to take
charge of a quartz mine In Nevada.
The mine was owned by a corporation
and its shares were selling at $8 each
In the San Francisco Mining Stock
Board, for no considerable body of ore
had been found. One afternoon the
superintendent was present when the
miners broke Into an ore body which
two hours' work with the picks dis
closed to be enormously rich and ex
tensive. Obviously the plain duty of
the manager was to make public the
news or at least to communicate it to
the stockholders, whose trustee he was.
Instead of doing so he ascended to the
surface, hastily collected bedding,
blankets, cooked food, wines, liquors
and cigars and lowered them down the
£00- foot shaft, accompanied by a note
to the shift boss stating that the men
might cease work and make themselves
comfortable; that they would be kept
there for a few days, during which time
their pay would go on; that each man
would receive $100 as a gratuity, and
that the families of those imprisoned
would be told that an accident to the
machinery was the cause of their de
tention.
(Copyright, 1903, by Thomas Fitch.)
Some of the great fortunes of the
Comstock lode came to their possessors
through methods which elsewhere
would have made those who practiced
them candidates for the striped suit
of the convict rather than the toga of
the Senator, and would have entailed
general obloquy rather than general
esteem. The impulse which begets and
directs the "sacred golden fury" Is usu
ally ap impulse of the pit, and those
who are inflamed by it often prepare
for the mad race by stripping them
selves of conscience and turning deaf
ears to the monitors of good faith and
honor. The evil consequences are not
confined to a few. The paresis of In
tegrity which results extends to the
masses and lessens the moral upright
ness of those who neither participate
in the dishonest act nor share in the
plunder. Often, indeed, the baleful in
fluence thus created extends .to and
poisons the literature of the . period.
Bret Harte made of John Oakhurst
Buch a sanctified sport as never really
existed and he laundered the gar
ments of his 6carlet women to a pale
pink color. Yet the probabilities are
that John Oakhurst cheated at cards
and that the fair Delilahs of the foot
hill mining camps never suffered their
spasmodic acts c' kindness to interfere
with tfelr regular business. Some of
the millionaires of the Comstock were
6hameless In their lives. One of these
had a home In which the exterior de
cencies of dvllzed life were preserved
end where he raised his family, and
had another residence in which there
was no attempt at concealment of con
stant debauchery and where he raised
the devlL Another took the air every
afternoon In an open carriage, accom
panied by some public woman, and
many instances might be related of or
gies as public and as debauching as
those which Tacitus ascribes to Nero
and his court.
When General James H. Nelson was
The candidate paused. .The ; fifteenth
amendment had Just been ratified and
there were 400 colored men in the coun
ty whom he did not wish to offend.. On
"I did not,", was the reply.
"If yez didn't say it thin, what have
ye to say about It now ? An' do ' yes
think that' a naygur is as good as an
Irishman?" ¦ " .."¦;* . .
"It Is reported of yez that ye said last
night that yez considered a naygur was
the alq.ua! of an Irishman/ Did yez say
that?" ¦';> >.;¦•-¦¦ V, -\ ¦ .
"I'd like to ask yez a question, sir,"
said a tall Hibernian to the candidate
who . was orator of the evening. .
"Certainly," replied . the speaker.
"What is it?"
"What do you ask are my chances,"
said an Independent candidate for
Sheriff. "Really, I cannot accurately
say. It will take. 750 votes to elect me,
and all I can be certain of is that I will
be the . next Sheriff of Ormsby ' County,
or else there are 963 of the biggest liars
in the world living right here."
The liars were there— 946 of them.
verse Is the case. As ; Lake . Tahoe Is
1600 feet higher than Pyramid Lake
the difficulty that would be experienced
by the Truckee River; In' changing Its
course to accommodate Itself to - your
report would probably be l less than
your department .would ;• experience In
changing • the report to accommodate
Itself to the course of the ; river. With
the highest assurances of distinguished
consideration, I am," etc. '
And Commissioner changed the
report, but his dignity would not suffer
him to reply to the letter.
tho big mills and they practiced pinch
ing and pocketing gold and silver
amalgam, a few pounds at a time, un
til In the course of a year's time they
had stolen and carried away over one
hundred thousand dollars' worth. How
to market their goods was a problem.
ComEtock bullion had an Identity of Its
own and any offered for sale outside of
the regular channels would arouse
suspicion and 'might result In detec
tion. In this dilemma they took Ras
cal Number Three Into partnership.
Rascal Number Three had a few thou
sand dollars capital. There was a bank
rupt mining corporation called the
Hornet that owned an abandoned mine
and a dismantled live-stamp mill In a
decayed mining: district about forty
miles from where the stolen bullion
was hidden. Rascal Number Three
was a skillful metallurgist and miner,
lie bought up the Hornet stock for a
trifle and took possession of the prop
erty. With a far night Journey he
transported the bullion In a spring
wagon to the old mill. Then he re
opened the Hornet mine and with the
aid of the two thieves refitted the mill
and began crushing the ore. There
was svme silver in the Hornet ore and
to the actual yield the conspirators
added a portion of the stolen bullion
until it all was marketed. While this
was in progress, the continual yield
from the Hornet gave Its stock a mar
ket value and it was fed to the public
at gradually advancing prices. It was
estimated that the three clever rascals
cleaned up a hundred thousand dol
lars each.
THis Is the
Twelfth of These
Clever
Articles
SagebrosH
Sketches
Recollections
and
Reflections of Thomas Fitch
14At lest they reached a wondrous tree whose twig* and boughs were white,
And the sight they saw therein, my loves, filled them, both with fright.
They scampered to a spot secure and regained their courage keen,
And then retraced their steps across the plain of whitened green.
With courage that was splendid, Grandpa Prune went to the tree,
With Crookneck Squash a pace behind and trembling at the knee.
In the tree all clothed in white were beings strange and funny,
And all of them were seeking spots that were warm and bright and
sunny.
"I think that we are strong enough," said Grandpa Prune in time,
'•To capture all these beings strange and whip them into line.
Ill talk to them and see if they will tell to you and me
Why they're perched and how they got up in this magic tree."
"While you're talking," Crookneck said, "111 run and get a cag«
So we'll be safe in case they all should fly into a rage."
Trembling Crookneck dashed away, and Grandpa planned and thought
And felt quite sure the dwellers strange in time should all bo caught
Timid Crookneck soon returned with a cage and other things,
Including a fishing rod and net and a trap with sprightly springs.
"Twere wise, dear Crookneck," Grandpa said, "that you should shake tha
And if the' strangers lose their hold, they'll come straight unto me."
Old Crookneck gave tha tree a shake and many tumbled down-
Some in black and yellow shells and some in shells of brown,
Grandpa chased one little chap many times around the cage,
And became fatigued, which was not strange, if you only knew his ago.
With tact and great diplomacy the strangers all were captured,
And as a result the captors bold were very much enraptured.
When all were safely in the cage eld Grandpa called the roll,
While Crookneck stirred them all about with a long, sharp-pointed pole.
A double-Jointed Peanut was the first to speak his name,
And Crookneck made fr*™ dance about until his legs were lame.
The others who responded when Grandpa said: "Who's here?"
All trembled very greatly and their voices showed much fear.
When the 'roll had been completed old Grandpa said In glee:
"We've captured many hundred nuts and I'm full of ecstasy.
We have a dapper Filbert and a Walnut black as jet
And a Pecan trim and tidy who will make a pretty pet.
The lis{ shows we've a Hazel and an Almond sleek and yellow
And a satin-coated Chestnut, who seems a charming fellow.
We've 'Nigger Toes' and Hickories and Chinkapins so fine,
And of our captured Acorns I've already counted nine.
We've Pistachios by the hundreds and Beech Nuts one or two,
And two dainty little Xdchees that are Chinese through, and through.
Dear Crookneck, we've done wonders and our fortune should be great,
And I t**"*' our golden glory' will flow throughout the State."
Grandpa Prune and Crookneck wheeled the cage to Pumpkinton,
To where folks swarmed in masses till the setting of the sun.
fOKDERS ne'er -will cense, It seems, In the Wonderful
Kingdom great,
And as long as there are ears to hear there'll be
wonders to relate.
A week or so ago, my sweets, there came. on a Heecs
lined cloud
The Honorable Mr. Jacky Frost, who was haughty,
bold and proud.
He anchored his cloud on a hilltop high and swept
down to a plain,
Where he gleefully blew his chilling breath time and
time again.
Grcndpa Prune and Crookneck Squisn soon learned that heM arrived,
And they kept close to his heels to see the wonders he'd contrived.
Over hills and down through dales they trudged till dusk of day,
And marveled at the whiteness which he scattered on his way.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
THE
WONDERFUL
KINGDOM OF
WONDERFUL
THINGS
15
Read About the "Luxurious Wonian," By Col Kate-Next Sunday's CallHerman Schmidt,* 321' Grant ave
nue, San Francisco; Ferdie Megraw,
Point Richmond;.' May Taylor, 853
Castro street, Oakland; Wilberi Green,
521 Florida street, Valle jo; Serena
Bland, 052 Bush street, San Francis
co; Evelyn Judge, 27 Hartford street,
San Francisco; Roy Ray, Sixth and
Castro streets, Oakland; Con Perkins,
1720 Le Roy avenue, Berkeley; Min
nie Shock, Fruitvale; Arm a. Schilb,
3656 Twentieth street, San Francis
co; Wilber Cowell, 1463 Easfc Oak
street, Stockton; J. Costell, 1510 Sac
ramento street, San Francisco;
Charles Mix, Burlingame; E. J. Mul
hern, 220 Chestnut avenue, Santa
Cruz; Lloyd Evans, 1635 Page street,
San Francisco; Antoinette Paoliaa,
233 South Suttsr street, Stockton;
Edna Hewit, Sanitarium; Robert
Kahn, 1O0O First street, Napa; Her
zoinla Smith, 518 Utah street, San
Francisco; Violet Quail, 1127 North
Commerce street, Stockton; Nelson
Jacobs, 1319 Pacific avenue, Ala
zaeda; Exfle Squire, 1231 Waller
•treat, San Francisco; M, Lichthardt,
1800 M street, Sacramento; D. Wil
kens, 203 Clara street, San Francis
co; Edna Wood, 1617 Oak street, San
Francisco; Theo Partello, 18 5 8
Eighth street, Oakland; Laura Riccl,
305 South Suttsr street, Stockton;
John Schmidt, 321 Grant avenue, San
Francisco; Joe Schmidt, 321 Grant
avenue, San Francisco; Harold Field
er, 108 Carolina street, Vallejo; Louis
Bled, 305 South Butter street, Val
lejo; Edith Phillips, 1333 Howard
street, San Francisco; Lillian Sey
more, 736 Washington street, Santa
Rosa; Hal Curtis, 018 Ellis street,
* San Francisco; Leonard Coombs, Ag
new; Josie Brown, Winters; Delano
Marsh, 109 Noe street, San Francis
co; Mary McCall, 2736^ Howard
street, San * Francisco; William A.
Smith, 432 Fourth street, Santa
Sosa; Josie Wood, 805 Jackson street,
Oakland; Helen Heywood, 2030
Cedar street, Berkeley; Aileen Coomb,
1515 Prince street, Berkeley; H.
B runner, Corner of Post and Madison
streets, Alameda; Tessie Houston,
Byron; Harold Sullivan, 612A Powell
street, San -Francisco; Katie Carroll,
141 Thirteenth street, San Francis
co; Vinie Rucker, 309 North Second
street, San Jose; Ben Osborn, Watson
ville; Harry Gans, 866 McAllister
street, San Francisco; Caspar Clarke,
Anderson Academy, Irving-tea;
George Kessler, Martinez; Helen
Coble, Potter Valley; Etta Liguori,
Agnew; Frank Carroll, 141 Thir
teenth street, San. Francisco; R. Iff.
Harlan, 804 K Street, Sacramento;
Willis Wagner, Modesto; Kate Peter
son, Belvedere; Edwin London, 21
Clark street, San Bafael; ""Pearl
Jacobs, 1120 Vallejo street, San
Francisco; Sylvia Lombardo, 6 S
.North- Third street, San Jose*
PRIZE
WINNERS
OF NOV. 22.
THE STJNDAT CAMj.
GN^'HUNDRED.AND FIFTY PRIZES. JUSrT THINK OI THAT, CHILDREN. FROM NOW
ON EVERYBODY WILL HAVE A' CHAITCE TO WIN. .
The Puzzle Editor promised you a surprise for the First Contest of the Sixth SeTies, whicV
opens to-day, but you didn't look for anything like this, did you, now? Of course not. , From Six
ty to One Hundred and Fifty Prizes is a tremendous big jump, isn't ItP But it is just these sorts of sur
prises that keeps the interest in this page at. fever, heat.' You don't have . time to get tired of ons thing
before something new happens. The excitement of trying 1 to guess what will happen next is quite as.
thrilling as, the" fun: of solving the puzzles themselves. And those puzzles were never worth solving
more than they are to-day. Just think of it again. ONE 1 HUNDRED AND FIFTY FRIZES. And the
prizes themselves?. "Well— JUST READ THAT NEW LIST BELOW. Why you never were given such
an excellent incentive to work, and work hard, as how. Every one of those books has a landscape cover
in multiple colors.* They/are the' most expensive Christmas book of 'this edition that you can buy. In-
deed they are a special edition secured expressly for the lucky winners in these contests. Just think of
that, will you P .'.-'*' i *. - '
And then there are thos$ Superfine French. Paints. Just, tWnk. of; the Christmas presents "you
can make with those. And besides all this there is the Honorary Gallery of Prize Winners.
So remember. this:. You will all , have a chance : not only to win one of those 150 prizes, but to get
your picture published as well. The Puzzle Editor wants air prize winners from now on to send in their
pictures— the whole 150 every week if possible. Begin right now. Don't wait. The more the merrier.
There can't bs too many. But remember only the priz© winners can have their pictures published.
Each of thorNine Pictures in this, the First contest of ;> the. Sixth- Series, represents a different
Kind of Dos: Can you guess? Ah! There is rich reward for you if you can.'
? And now listen carefully: THERE ARE ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY PRIZES, and 1 this i»
what you must do to win one of them: ' # .
Find the names of Nine Different Kind of Dogs represented by the Small Puzzle Pictures on this
page, and write them out in full in . the space opposite the • proper corresponding number provided for
the purpose in the coupon on this page, as per directions; fill in the coupon with your name and ad
dress and the prize you desire— if you win — and send the picture, with tha coupon attached, to the EDI
TOR OF THE NAME PUZZLE PAGE, Sunday Call, San Francisco, Cal.
, REMEMBER—To the FIRST ONE • HUNDRED ; AND FIFTY BOYS*. AND GIRLS who solve
the Uine Name Puzzles correctly, one of ''these OITB-HUNDBED AND'FIFTY BEAUTIFUL PRIZES
' will be" awarded. ,'" ..\-~' . •" . . ' - ,' *'\ ¦ "\
. * And dont forget this next point, because it is very important: „. ALL 'ANSWERS MUST REACH
THIS OFFICE BY FRIDAY NOON. This gives all those in the country, an equal chance' to compete.
Read everything . on this pa ge, to i be sure that you' overlook.- nothing t hat will help' you to win a prize.
THE NAMESOF THE LUCgY-XPTrf-W-PTRja BIG CHRISTMAS
EDITION OF-THB SUNDAY/CALL 1 : TWO VWEEKSi FROM , TO-DAY, December 20. -
V These are the TWENTY BEAUTIFUL BOOKS from which you may select if you solve all the
pozzies correctly: A Dog of Flanders, by Ouida; The Chimes, by Dickens; Black Beauty, by Sewell; In
His Steps, by Sheldon; Tom Brow/i's School Days, by Hughes; Rab and His Friends, by Brown; Knicker
bockers' History of New York, -by Irving;. The BJithedale Romance,. by , Hawthorne; Paul, and Virginia,
by Saint Pierre; Tha Prince of the House of David, by Ingraham; A Christmas Carol, by Dickens;
J. Cole, by Gellebrand; Alice's Adventures in .Wonderland, by Carroll; Old Christmas, by Irving; A
Child's] Garden of Verses, by Stevenson; Jessica's First Prayer, by Stretton; Christie's Old Organ, by Wal
ton; The Pilgrim's Progress, by Bunyan; The Cricket oa the Hearth, by Dickens; Laddie and Miss Too
•ey's Mission. > t , [ .¦ ..,'-. K.' v. - . ; .[*-._ _\ i-- ..'__ .; >. ./;;. :¦•/*, y',. 'Vj "^ WSSSBBKI^^Sm
";' OB. A BOX OF SUPEEFINS FBESTCH PAOZT& *'
The Best Chance Ever Offered the Bright Children
Who Can Solve These Puzzles.
16
NAME PUZZLES
Solve the Puzzles, "
Fill Out the Coupon
and 9 Send * It to
the" Puzzle Editor, ; A
Sunkay^ S/F.^
To Puzzle Editor? Sunday Call,
San Francisco: ,¦.«-. ? "•
Below in: their proper num-
bers plekselflnd^ my 6'oluuon of ¦:
the names of Nine ' Different
Kinds of Dogs represented in
this week's Name Puzzles.
1 m
2 ••
4 •
5
6
7 •
8 «
9
December 6, 1903.
Name
Street or P. O. ................
a * '
State
T If I win I choose for prize
(See List ox Prizes.)PARIS, Dec. 5.— Thieves broke into
the old. Cathedral of Rouen and stole
the contents of five trunks for the
poor. . This loss, however, is not Irre
trievable/ But In order to enter they
broke a magnificent stained-glass win
dow' cf the sixteenth century, whose
loss Is inestimable.
Thieves Enter a Catliedral.
LONDON, Dec. . 5.— There is much
talk about the new town palace, which
rumor says the new Duchess of Rox
burghe ¦ means to | build on her return
to England. t She will not allow a house
nor even a ' site to be taken for her
until «he returns, and she means. It is
ta id. to have so palatial a mansion
Ihet in design and furnishing it will
far outshine the Duchess of Marlbor
ough's house. If Is to be built on an
entirely different plan and is to be
typically American, with the most
modern ideas and Improvements.
A Paris Jeweler has a 5200,000 pearl
necklace, the Matin says, awaiting in
spection by the Duchess of Roxburghe.
MARLBOROUGH'S NEW HOUSE.
The Duke of Marlborough hag named
,7ia new London : mansion on Curzon
street Sunderland House, after one of
his roost famous ancestors, the Earl
of Sunderland, whose title became
merged ( in the dukedom of Marl
borough.
The Duke has taken up his residence
in Sunderland House, although the dec
<'rating and furnishing are not 'yet
completed. He will be Joined there by
the Duchess when she returns from
Vienna. ' They will open the ; London .
season with a grand house-warming,
shortly after next Easter!,
An extra gang of expert gilders # and
decorators has been set to work: to put
the panels and delicate moldings .into
place. Old French designs are lavish
ly used.- In one morning room; an ex
quisite satin wood -is used to inlay the
ceilings and these again are enriched
by raised gilt panels of early French
design, while all the panels are out
lined with a flat gilt ribbon tied in
Louis XVI bows.
American Wife of Young Nobleman Already
Preparing for Palatial Mansion.
BERLIN, Dec. 5.— Weary of the best
cigars the world affords, tired of ciga
rettes presented to him by the Sultan,
the Emperor had taken to smoking a
pipe before the surgical operation on
his throat was performed. Perhaps
the monarch wished to flatter his peo
ple, for certainly the pipe Is one em
blem of Germany Just as Is the stein.
As he never does things by halves,
his Majesty ordered several pipes.
But he had his favorite, a pipe made
after his own design. The b6Vl N egg
shaped, is of meeschaum. as befits an
Imperial pipe, for, as all smokers know,
a good meerschaum pfpe needs more
care than a good baby. The stem is of
Turkish wild cherry wood. Where the
stem enters the trowl a big "W" is
carved on the meerschaum. Silver
branches twine in and around the
"W," and on a branch is seated a sil
ver bird. The branches, elongated,
form a scroll effect around the bottom
of the bowl.
KAISER USES PIPE
OF HIS OWN DESIGN
Emperor Tires of All Other Style*
and Tries a Bowl of His
Own., Make.
DUCHESS OF ROXBURGHE
TO OUTDO MARLBOROUGHS
American 'women. - He spent '..three
weeks with Mr. and Mrs. Ben Guin
ness on Long Island. -;He also ¦ visited
Mrs. Hermann. Oelrlchs at Newport, on
whose table ..were; gome ; thousands^ of
dollars', 1 worth of flowers, the most gor
geous, sight -the ; Baron had .ever /seen
in the- way of extravagant: decorations."
A crowd,of the Vsmartest" people were
asked to- meet -hjm,\ all of? whom-, he
pronouncestvastly.more intelligent than
the | average fwoman,. of England. > The.
unmarried^ girls,%:he declares, ¦ we're > a
revelation for; their wit, brightness" and
repartee, -which: awed'him. ¦
Baroness de Meyer, young, pretty and
Baron de ; Meyer has returned from
a visit ¦' to Newport enraptured .' with
Lady Marjorie and her brother. Lord
Brooke,, are frequent ' guests af Clive
den, William Waldorf Astbr's country,
seat, where they were staying again
last week, the ladies being close friends.
LIKES AMERICAN WOMEN.
Miss Pauline Astor Is to be one of
the principal bridesmaids at the wed'
ding of the Countess ' of Warwick's
daughter. Lady Marjorie Greville, and
young Viscount Helmsley, the grand
son and prospective heir of the Earl
of Feversham. He Is an exceedingly
serious young fellow, much abs6rbed
in movements for the benefit of the
working classes. While so engaged he
was thrown into association with Lady
Marjorie, whose' mother's life is" noiv
largely devoted to such work.
PAULINE ASTOR A BRIDESMAID
THE DUCHESS OF MANCHESTER, WHO IS PLANNING TO REVAMP
• OLD KYLEMORE. CASTLE .AND- EQUIP THE BUILDING WITH
MODERN IMPROVEMENTS ON, AMERICAN LINES.
• DUMBARTON, Dec. 5.— T,he Duchess
of Argyll;- better known as the Princess
Louise and a charming daughter of
the' late Queen Victoria/is at_thls time
. the ' niost' successful^ of royal artists.
' Her v latest -commission is to. design a
heroic bronze -statue-in memory of the ¦
colonial troops who" gave up their lives
in South Africa in war. The
; statue is -to have \a'-' place in Westmin
ster'Abbey. •
¦. o. When the; colpnia.l troops committee,
a relief ; organisation, .discovered after
the^ war that- it ; had. an unexpended
balance, itlwas decided to erect a mem
' orial to the colonials.., j Although '¦ the
: abbey authorities had ruled that no
'*¦ more, memorials should be placed in the
-historic edifice, they 1 Vere persuaded
to provide . space " in the nave for the
• colonJaUrnernorial. ; - "
i A' '"eomtnfttee, of which" the Earl of
.Carlisle and William Hamo 'Thorny-'
' croft, the- sculptor,* were members,'con
; . oluded : to ' ask the' Duchess of Argyll
to -'make. the. statue, and her Royal
Highness -• cheerfully consented to
; S The i Duchfss has shown from earliest
childhood- a; marked -aptitude for both
sculpture -¦ and drawing, arid she has
.spent many, years in serious study,' at
one time working daily with her cousin,
. the.geniaj and kindly sculptor, who,
, though a Prince, preferred to be known
as Count? Gleichen. .
M Princess Louise is very proud of the
fact that she has often had* her work
exhibited, especially in foreign galler
ies, where .the identity of the artist
was "not" suspected. She is fonder of
sculpture- than she is of oh painting
1 or v.of ...water, color, and she has -done
some .really fine statuary, particularly
charming being the presentment, of her
• own mother, as ."The Maiden. Monarch."
This "extremely ; attractive and original
, statue" isVin, Kensington Gardens. •
: .' The ': Princess ; love's her home at In
verary. Castle," near here, but is as fond
': of j' traveling" as is the Duke of Argyll,
' and /together;" they" have 1 made more
than' one^long* and romantic journey on
, .the 'iContihent,?,: deliberately 'choosing
;: those' places where the ordinary* tourist
•_ never. drea,ms of going.. .. : ,^' -\'
[>' **HcV! Royal; Highness -has retained the
'¦¦ most '*a'ff ectionate 'regard for ."Our" Lady
> ' of ;the r Snows." She still keeps In close
•"touchlwlth'some.of the leading Cana
dian's' whom shejehtertalried , at Rideau
r \ Hall; t arid; she\s forid r 6f receiving ,dis
- tinguished -colonials ' in- her", delightful
Vsulte ; of ' apartments' at ¦ Kensington
• Palace.' '¦*'
Duchess of Argyll Will
.Monument
':' to Soldiers. v .
STATUE WILL
BE DESIGNED
BY PRINCESS
Mrs. Wicks, -who is well known in
every part of th^United States through
her interest in woman's clubs, is again
in London. ¦ For some time this lady
has beeiK.ln Paris,. arranging Jfor a club
whose members are to be drawn exclu
sively from 'the highest high society. It
is to have an international character in
that equally • exclusive English and
American women who may, be passing
through Paris will be welcomed. The
price of membership is expected to be
prohibitive,' for the" ordinary smart
clubwoman, . and a large number of
members. is not much desired. One of
the very, first. points about the club is
to be its rigid exclusiveness and the dif
ficulty of any .: not of ! the fir§t rank in
society being erected- as a member. For
the purpose of studying the best meth
ods of running a smart social club, Mrs.
Wicks is now going about among the
Londonr. organizations. She has seen
the clubs with- a mission, the restful
clubs .for .workers," the society clubs
where music and entertaining goes on,
and those" clubs which are more on the
lines of-aman's;club where the mem
bers find all the peace and comfort they
desire, but who'do'nothing. "An Ameri
can'this'"summer, visiting one of these
special 'clubs, "which - are luxurious
MRS. WICKS IN LONDON.
The Duchess has given to the tenants
her assurance, through her agent, who
is now administering the estates, that
she will spend a good portion of the
year among them and that she will be
always ready to lend them any reason
able assistance. - The presence of the
family at the castle will be a material
benefit to the locality and every one Is
looking ¦ forward to a • good time when
the Manchesters take up their residence
there. -
the ; building:.- but when . the alterations
are complete .they .will have a section
of the mansion entirely, to themselves.
Some of ; the- oak staircases which were
creations of the carvers' art and which
visitors to -the castle -in the days ofjts
5ate owner envied so much will.not'do
for the Duchess. ; They are being pulled
out and replaced with the finest Conne
mara marble, in which the immediate
neighborhood abounds. - • • .
§ DUCHESS DIRECTS AFFAIRS.
The Cuke appears to be taking very
little interest in the change that is be ;
ing effected, everything being done un
der the direction of the Duchess. There
appears to have been a difference of
opinion between them with regard to
the disposal of the 'estates to the ten
ants under the- new land act. The Duke
would like to be an Irish landlord, but
the Duchess didn't want to be respon
sible for the maintenance of the estate,
and she would not hear of the trouble
of having to collect rents from a people
in a semi-impoverished state. In this,
too, she- is having- hes way, and the
farms jand small holdings will be sold
to tenants according to their necessi
ties. The Duke is allowed to retain a
small portion of the estate for shooting
purposes.
don, has been passing some very caustic
remarks upon the London weather. In
an interview Miss Hamilton Bald: "It
is my intention, if the fog does not be
come dense enough to prevent my get
ting from one policeman to another
through the London streets, to spend
what remains of my time here In be
coming acquainted with this wonderful
old metropolis. The thoroughfares,
with their quaint names and surprising
gateways into .sequestered quietness,
are to:me a never-ending source ofde
llght in even moderately good weather.
"When the days are very wet and terrific
downpours make the only change In the
dreary fall— and 'these',' by the way, are
most frequent— I .go to the wonderful
museums and picture galleries and have
a 'good time that", way, •'. London may do
its worst in the way of weather, but it
is not going to spoil my trip.".
• F.' P. Meserve of Redlands," CaL, who
arrived in London a* week, ago, staying
at the Cranston's Waverley Hotel, has
been planning out an extensive trip
around the world. This journey Is not
to be a mere rush around, calling only
at a ¦ few • necessary ports, but will ex
tend over a considerable period. Mr.
Meserve is starting for Paris, and after
a few days In the French capital he In
tends to go to Belgium, Holland. Ger
many and Austria, visit several places
In Switzerland and thence go to Italy,
spending a little time in the cities of
Venice, Florence. Rome and Naples. On
November 29 Mr. Meserve will leave
Europe for Afrir-. sailing from Brindisl
to Port Said. He will then visit Alex
andria. Cairo, go to Jerusalem and aft
erward take a trip up the Nile. After
landing at Bombay, two months are to
be spent in India. From there he goes
to Hongkong. There Is to be a short
stay in China and Japan apd a call at
the Hawaiian Islands before returning
to San Francisco.
LONDON, Dec.v5.— Beautiful Kyle
more Castle, is undergoing a transfor
mation since it came into the hands of
the American, Duchess of Manchester.
Tlie experts who pronounced it, before
it, was. sold recently, to be one of the
finest "mansions in Great Britain, will
not know it in a few months from how.
Externally, there will be no change, but
inside the ancient place is being pulled
to pieces as fast as the builders' men
can move. A perfect system of heating
on American -principles is being intro
duced, and. in other, ways the castle is
being made comfortable, in accordance
with modern ideas.; A special suite of
apartments Is i being arranged for the
nursery. a.nd playrooms. The servants'
quarters are also undergoing a change.
Hitherto they were distributed all over
homes of comfort and quietness, could
not help remarking on Its difference
from any club In the. United Stages.
"We have nothing whatever like It in
the States," she remarked to the secre
tary.
"No? This Is a club where we do
nothing."
"Ah," answered the American. "Noth
ing is something we have never yet
learned to do In America."
It is to be a club more of this order
that Mrs. "Wicks will organize In Paris.
At -present it Is hoped that the club
house will be situated In the Place Ven
dome,-but premises have not yet been
decided upon, vv'c
Miss Florence N. Hamilton of San
Francisco, who Is now staying at 21
Montague place, Russell Square, Lon-
Old Mansion Will Undergo a
Change to Modern
KYLEMORE CASTEL WILL NO LONGER BE ANCIENT WHEN AMERICAN
DUCHESS OF MANCHESTER CARRIES HER IDES INTO EFFECT
Pages 17 to 20
Pages-17to20
SAN^ FRANCISCO, ' SUNDAY;^DECEMBER' 6; 1903.
very, dignified, was an Italian Prin
cess."- She' i£ an inveterate smoker -and
plays .bridge^ to. beat any woman in
London. ; . .
' . .; .. ¦ '.' — ¦ — ' ?"" — -¦ : ¦':¦:'¦ i
Monument • to Garibaldi/ - - '
i t BUENOS AYRES, Dec. 5.—A'monu
ment;- to 'Garibaldi " is ) to be erected" in
Buenos^Ayres, opposite Palermo! Park.
Garibaldf before, commencing the, de
liverance'bf.ItaJy/foug^
pendence t.ot - It . was ; there
that v he >; first ¦?. flourished :: the red i shirt
whlcht has* since" become* the Garibal
dlan: badge. ,* ~ >¦- ;,~>'r,-y \>,\-.'\:^iPARIS. Dec. 5.— The constant mili
tary maneuvers of the German army
corps near the French frontier are
causing considerable friction between
the „ French and German Governments,
as French citizens are complaining
that German troops invade French ter
ritory and recklessly trample down the
fields. The incident of the German mili
tary balloon carrying Captain Hugo
von Abercorn and three other army
officers into French territory made sev
eral French generals suspect Um Gun
man officers of spying.
French. Warn Germans.
Webster Davis is an example of how
poor a thing is eloquence as a perma
nent investment. A few years ago
Webster was recognized by friend and
foe as one of the finest spellbinders, at
a time when "spellbinding" was at its
highest worth. He dropped pablic
speaking, and now he la only known
to fame as a builder of apartment
houses. It is in that connection his
name gets into the papers occasionally,
and even that is with a streak of mel
ancholy reflection on what might have
been. It is only occasionally that we
hear now from Charles A. Towne, who
has been drowned in olL And mnjy
lesser lights In oratory are lost
In the sea of commercialism.
Prosperity is not an unmixed Joy.
It is sad in Its discouragement of
brilliant oratory on the hustings.
Speech-making is not a good cash in
vestment^ The "stumpers" usually
have to take their pay In trade. Some
times, indeed, they have as pay only
the hope of office or preferment in the
future.— Cincinnati Enquirer.
Eloquence as an Investment.
"Clyde Fitch's clever play, *;The Girl
With the Green Eyes,*' will be pre
sented here for , the first time when
Clara Bloodgood makes her appearance
at the Columbia ' Theater in the latter
part of this month. Miss Bloodgood is
considered. one of the most fascinating
and brilliant of American stars and in
the: Fitch play her efforts are entirely
successful' - .
The Chutes are prospering with a
varied programme in the big theater
and the usual attractions.
The Orpheum has a promising list of
newcomers for this week's bill.
"The Counterfeiters" of to-night and
this afternoon at the Central will give
way to-morrow evening to a new thrill
er" in "New. York Day by Day." ,
• • •
"Ton Tonson" will open to-night at
the California. >. Nelse Ericksen does
the emigrant Swede, and there is the
usual quartet. .
"For Mother's Sake," a rural drama
with Marie Heath, the "Little Sun
beam." in the principal role,; is the
week's menu at the Grand Opera-house.
It opens this afternoon.
:.. The Alcazar produces a play new to
San Francisco to-morrow evening in
"A Royal Prisoner," a Russian ro
mance.
• • •
The local burlesque, "I O U," at
Fischer's, by H. J. Stewart and Judsoh
C. Brusle, is cramming the house. The
whole cast shows to excellent,advan
tage in the burlesque, and its timely
fun is creating a whirlwind of laughter
nightly. Seats are on sale two weeks
ahead. , '
Winter has set in at the Columbia
with "Way Down East" and its realis
tic "snowstorm as the bill. The play is
getting good houses and Is pleasing its
'audiences. Next week Lulu Glaser
comes in "Dolly Varden," one of the
most ji successful musical comedies of
the last few seasons.
The music of "Dolly Varden" is the
work of Julian Edwards and is con
sidered of more than usual merit. It
is bright and dainty and fits well to
the book of Stanislaus. Stange. Miss
Glaser appears to special advantage in
the comic opera and surrounding her
are a number of exceptionally talented
comedians and singers.
Some of the Plays
to Be Presented
at Local Theaters
It was only 700 years ago from the
authorization of trial by Jury In land
disputes in England till private war
was wholly abolished in England, and
the Parliament which did this came
into existence 100 years after trial by
jury was authorized. Already the na
tions have authorized trial by Jury in
all controversies.. Remembering when
wager of battle was abolished the coun
ty seats in England were farther from
London than the capital of the nations
now are, it is hard to escape from the
conclusion that an International Parlia
ment will come into existence as Eng
land's Parliament did, much more
speedily as time for travel and com
munication diminishes, and that^ this
Parliament will do, in say 100 year3
under twentieth century conditions,
what It took the English Parliament
600 years to do under ancient condi
tions. But whether this reformation
according to the nineteenth century
revelation in political affairs takes 100
or 200 years for its realization. It seems
almcst proved that , the world will be
included in this union when it Is
formed.— Gunton's Magazine.
A World's Parliament.
oars a moment. Perhaps that is why
it is so good to be here."
"Perhaps it Is a bit of doggedness in
me — I want to win them yet."
"I thought you had," I said, and
bowed as I put up the terrible pencil.
And Mr. Mayall pleaded as we went
down the spacious foyer: "You will
make those shoulders less?" '.
"I have been ¦ mostly , in ; stock since
then, four years at Pike's Theater in
Cincinnati, and 1 1 have been almost
three here. San Francisco is the hard
est public to please I ever came across,"
he said, suddenly expansive. "I sup
pose J ; I shouldn't . say that. ; In? other
places if you make successes" in three'
or four good parts 'you are established;
Here you have got to be on your "mettle
all the . time.! You can't rest dn : your
. "Then I went barnstorming. My first
week I shall never forget. I learned
slx\ long parts in* one week! At the
sixth my brain gave out. You see, I
could sleep only a couple of hours each
night. They were to give me $6 a week
and board. I got the board."
"How did you set home?"
"I had a good father," the actor put
it. "But you will understand with that
sort of thing as a starter that .the work
I have now does not seem excessive."
"And then came?"
v. "More barnstorming. I virtually
barnstormed for , four ; years. Most ac
tors have done it and most are ashamed
of it. I don't see why.. Every one must
have a start. Of course, one gets into
bad habits, but with a good stagei,man
ager you soon get out of them."
"Your voice, you always had that —
no, I forgot," I 'recalled.
"It was really a bad, weak voice
when I began," the_ actor repeated, in
its. pleasant depths. "I studied sing
ing for; it and . the ordinary elocution
ary exercises. •. No, when I was at . the
university I sang once— only once— at
a small function. In the report of it
in th« college' paper, -the Ariel, they
said: . 'Swans sing ,; before they, die; it
would be a good thing if some people
died before they sang.'^, I 'never .sang
again." - ".
"And now after the barnstorming?"
"And after that?" '
"Maybe," I agreed. "But now, may
we return to your history? You
stopped with spouting Marc Antony's
speech for the inappreciative Yankee."
"Well, my first experience on the
stage was while I was at the univer
sity. Booth and Barrett came to town
for a week and I suped with them,
carried spears and things. I succeeded
in making myself obnoxious ! to Mr.
Barrett— nosing about the wings— and
in getting a few kind words from Mr.
Booth." 7,--; >:•--•;
"It won't on Sunday," he said rue
fully. "But perhaps the usual melo
drama may be taken as a rough sort
of symbolism, fitted to the simpler
mind.',' '
"What do they mean?"
"Possibly, that art must, first of all,
be truth, seen through some prism of
genius, or else its ultimate effect will
be Immoral. We know that virtue is
not always rewarded and ~ that the
wicked flourish like the green bay tree
not seldom, and, further, that the bad
are neither so purely bad nor the good
so wholly good as in the average
melodrama — ergo, that the picture of
life it presents Is false. It seems to me,
Mr. Mayall, that you are interviewing
me!"
mental good that is in all young
hearts."
"The artists say that all bad art is
immoral."
"Oh, both horses and . men were in
constant danger through 1 - a single false
step on that treadmill arrangement."
'"You have plenty of dangers to en
counter on the Central stage," I said
then.
"Yes, but nobody ever gets hurt.
They have a splendid <" corps of stage
hands here, ilf they hadn't— "
"If they hadn't it wouldn't be so safe
to lie lashed to a burning deck or to
Jump from a sky-scraper— " #/
"Or, fling the villain from a balloon
to the earth below," Mr. Mayall added.
"No, ' twouldn't. '•¦ I had to fling Mr.
Shumer from; a balloon the other week
to a vast abyss below— six - feet, , on = a
soft mattress. That was easy enough.
But he used to lie there and make faces
S.X me, and If I hadn't pretty "good
facial control I should . surely have
laughed." . .
"Do you think the ethical effect of
the tank drama a good one?!" I;.":,
"On the gallery, I certainly, do," ¦ Mr.
Mayall declared. "You see, virtue is
always ' rewarded and vice punished
here. And if you could/hear .the way
in- which every little bit ¦ of virtuous
sentiment is applauded, .and- vice
hissed! I think it appeals to; the ele-
"How so?"
"I had my firsts feeling ,of 'staged
struckness' when I saw John McCul
lough in 'Virginlus.' I was only a little
chap and I had gone up into the gal
lery with some other kids. It all seemed
so wonderful, and when the curtain
went up eight or nine times and Mc-
Cullough came out I gave up" wanting
to be a detective right there and began
to want to be an actor. Then I learned
there was a gentleman named Shakes
peare and I 'began to spout. I remem
ber once getting up in an old tree
when I was at school and shouting out
Marc Antony's speech for all . 1 was
worth. When I got through making
the welkin ring I saw an old Yank
leaning on a spade looking at me. He
said: "If you ain't crazy, your folks
ought to take you home and do some
thing for you.' "
"What did your people say, by the
way, to your going on the stage? V
"Took it very philosophically. My
uncle's family, however," and the actor
laughed at the remembrance, "got up a
sort of round robin to ask ' me to
change my name so as not to bring
disgrace on the family." .
"It is your own name, though?"
"Yes, but I've left out a ] James— I
sign my checks H. J. Mayall."
"May you have many to sign."
"Well, I've been earning a liberal
salary for some years and I've no very
extravagant habits," he smiled. "I like
to bet on a horse race once in a while
—I was born in Kentucky. /Talking of
horse races, that was a clever illusion
in 'Ben-Hur'— the chariot race. Dan-
fortably as he said it— "I feel wrong all
day if I don't."
"For how long?"
"Oh, perhaps fifteen minutes, dumb
bells—light—and Indian clubs. I ride
horseback every chance I get, too. But
walking is excellent exercise."
"When did you begin to want, to be
an actor?" I asked then.
HERSCHEL MAYALL. THE LEADING , MAN AT THE CENTRAL THEATER. TALKS OF HIS BOYHOOD. HIS
START IN LIFE AS AN ACTOR, HIS AMBITIONS. AND THE^UPS AND DOWNS OF A HERO IN LURID
MELODRAMA. * . ". . •/•':•' '^-f'.-
Nat Goodwin Is In Boston with "A
Midsummer Night's Dream." "The
Silver Slipper" has made a big hit in
Philadelphia. E. H. Sothern and "The
Proud Prince" are In Baltimore. Den
man Thompson Is playing a special
Boston engagement- Mrs. Lantry ap
pears at Cincinnati this week. Wil
liam Gillette and "The Admirable
Crichton" are in New York. Loula
James and Frederick Warde are play
ing through the South. David War
field Is In Brooklyn this week. Maxlne
Elliott still entertains New York in
"Her Only Way." "The "Billionaire"
is at Philadelphia.
"When Mansfield appears at the Co
lumbia Theater this season he will
probably not only appear in "Heidel
burg" but also in his contemplated
play; ' "Ivan the Terrible."
, One critic, who has written much in
praise of Mrs. Flske's acting as the
Magdalen In "Mary of Magdala." in
which this famous artist will be seen
In this city, anji of the production it
self, puts much in little by saying that
the representation — aside from Mrs.
Fiske's wonderful acting and the ex
ceptional support she receives from
one of the best companies ever organ
ized in this country — presents "five acts
of flawless stage pictures." The scenes
of this drama, as Mrs. Fiske has pro
duced it, are said, as they are succes
sively unfolded, to represent pictures
as perfect as though magnified from
the canvases of great masters of
painting. It is not only the beauty of
the scenes themselves, which enlisted
the best talent to be found in their
composition, but also the added beauty
and harmony of fit furnishings, and as
much as anything else, the wonderfully
accurate and picturesque costuming
that gives to the scenes as they are
peopled the aspect of actual Oriental
life.
Mrs. Fiske's Play
Strengthened by the
Fine Stage Pictures
"I love you for myself alone!" Some
thing like this. In stentorian tones from
the nearby stage luckily broke up the
interviewing- talk, and Mr. Mayall
smiled naturally and said: "It's Sim
mer—Henry Shumer— our villain, and,
curious to say. the Jolllest fellow in the
world off the stage."
"Does that seem curious to you?"
"Well,. It seems to me that if you are
in love -with your art you must carry
away the atmosphere of what you are
playing," the actor advanced. "I re
member—I was talking about it only
the other day to Jack Maher at the Al
cazar—when I first played Sir Bryce
He nodded his remarkably .shapely
head in affirmation and volunteered:
"I was once Interviewed by a girl in
Cincinnati and didn't know It. She was
a friend of mine, and we went to the
theater together one day. Naturally, I
talked about the show and the acting,
and next Sunday it all came out in the
paper. I didn't even know that she was
a Journalist- But that was Just the
right kind of interview."
"Tr^at seems to me a rather Impossi
ble sort of thing to do — "
"We were schoolmates," the actor
explained- "But do you find that-peo
ple will talk freely with that before
them?" — my inch of pencil.
"Frankly. Mr. Mayall, I think people
will talk on the fascinating subject of
themselves with anything before them.
I get to* much, not too little, usually,
of heart-to-heartiness. In fact, I'm a
more or less discreet filter. Gosse says,
'tell everything you can,' in a chapter
on the ideal biographer. Interviewing
is something the same, don't you
think?"
"Oh, if there's anything an actor is
particularly Interested in— the National
Theater, for example — ask him about
that. Then his theories of his art, his
history and so on are always Interest
ing. With you, for example, I should
like to know how you come to be play
ing Central melodrama?"
"There are three things I dislike," the
actor said then, in a sort of I-had-al
moBt-forgotten-it way, "going to the
dentist's, having my photograph taken
and—"
"Being interviewed." Tve heard it be
fore.
How do you usually do?"
"With little Q's and A's down the
columns? Twould be original," I re
turned, "but a little formal.".
Mr. Mayall showed his handsome
dentistry in a slow smile and slowly
ventured: "I think it would be best if
you asked me questions and let me an
swer them."
"My tender mercies, Mr. Mayall," I
insisted, then reassured him. "Well, I
have only once been nccused of mis
quoting any one, and Jhen the lady —
well, did not teil the truth."
"But things look so different In
print "
"Don't tell me you have sinned—
rpare the gallery boy:" I implored.
The atmosphere up yonder reeks with
fieroics 1 .
Because, gentle reader, it would have
indecorously Joyed me for the 1 gallery
to see this hero of a hundred fights —
he wipes the floor with a bunch of
counterfeiters "single-handed and
alone" this week— palpably and de
lightfully afraid of one small woman.
One realized luxuriously and reverently
the ppower of the ppress. Mr. Mayall
sat there, with a chest swelldom he's
afraid to own up to, all but trembling
before me. He told me bo himself al
most immediately. And, alack-a-day,
the gallery was not there to hear!
We did b*»gin formally on the
"through -by -daylight-or- we'll- bust
the-borier!" drammer. Naturally one
wondered what Mr. Mayall, an erst
while Eilert Lovborg, Petronius, Mer
cutio, was doing in it. But the talk
soon drifted to the art of being inter
viewed. The Apollo ot the Central sat
conscientiously In his padded chair,
background by the disguise in
which he runs down the counterfeiters
this week. As seriourly as he takes
everything else he took the Interview.
An contraire, the interviewer has be
gun to believe, with long handling of
the frying pan, that e-els get used to
skinning.
"You know De!sarte said that there
are 200 or 300 ways of putting the
same phrase and each one looks differ
ent." the actor was Ba>ing. "I'm quite
at your mercy "
It would have been "nuts" for me to
have had the small boy there, in small
boy parlance. It would have been
"pie" to have had the large boy there,
as he would eay in pieful way. The
girls, too. though Herschel Mayall
stoutly disclaims any pull with the car
amel contingent.
Not that there was much room for
any one but Mr. Mayall. the artist, and
myself, in the actor's little 6x10 dress
ing-room, where I went to chat with
him the other day. But oh! how I
should have liked to rake the gallery
in with me:— the gallery that whistles
virtue to heaven, and sizzles the tres
passer until the hiss of him is heard
even unto the City Hall! the gallery
that weeps with beauty in distress,
chuckles with the sleuth, giggles with
the ingenue, but abov» all adores mag
nificently, unreservedly, the conquering
hero! the gallery, in short, of the Cen
tral Theater!
And wherefore?
"Yes, I earned that,' also. It was
very bad and weak when I began. One
thing, you know, seems strange to me.
We, train horses, dogs and cattle to
be strong and fine and stop at "our
selves. Mostly it's laziness, I think."
"Do you do much now In the way of
training?"
. "Every morning, mostly, and some
times evenings. I feel"— and Mj\ May
all shrugged his fine shoulders uncom-
But he would not say. I might have
been asking an Ingenue her age, or a
prima donna her weight I ventured
again: "Were you always— that way?"
"No, I used to be a puny lltle wisp
of a chap until 14 and thereabouts. My
father sent me to school In Maine then
—that was the only place for education,
he thought— and I determined to get a
good body there — " listen, little chap of
the galleries. "So I went to the gym
nasium regularly, and well — don't put
this down— I won an f all-round cham
pionship in athletics before I left there.
I've a bunch of medals at home."
"Your voice, too?" •
Mr. Mayall threw up his hands when
he saw It, with that characteristic lit
tle pout on his classic features. Then
he made the following unique request:
"Oh, can't you take something off those
shoulders? It makes me look so — "
"Chesty?" supplied the artist.
"Really—"
"Really, they are quite broad, Mr.
Mayall," I protested. "What Is your
chest measure? — as a defense."
"As you can't convince yourself
you could be, you don't want to be — "
"Thank you," he laughed, "exactly.
I personally npveled In the part of Ma
rio in 'La Tosca.' That's not saying at
all that I played it well, though. Mer
cutio I'm very tond of, and Eilert Lov
borg. But it quite frequently happens
that we don't play well what we like
best. And vice, versa. Here's a very
email instance. This week I have to
adopt three disguises, and I'd never
done anything like one of these parts,
an Italian peddler. I was nervous about
it, didn't want to do it, but— well, it
isn't a failure. Now, I suppose you will
make all sorts of fun of me for this on
Sunday — and you — " to the artist.
"Heaven forbid!" I said. "Conscience
is too valuable a commodity to be made
fun of, even in disguise."
The artist answered by passing over
his sketch. ,
"And why not?"
"Hardly, pays these days. And
then — " the would-be tragedian mod
estly paused, "well, if I could con
vince myself that I could be I should
want to be. But as — "
"Deep down in my soul," and. this
was in the actor's deepest, warmest"
note — and I know of no finer voice
going than the Mayall organ — "I
would like to have remained in trag
edy."
"Oh, well," and for a few moments
Mr. Mayall talked "not for publica
tion." He ended up with: "Ashton
Stevens paid me a compliment I val
ued most highly when he said I
would play a thousand colorless parts
without condescension or shirking.
Of course, one does get many and
many a bad part and has to swallow
one's prideto play them." }-"{•'?;
"Still, it's due to the audience to
do your best," I remarked. "Morgan
didn't swallow much of his when he
played in 'The White Heather* —^o
you remember? And that Romeo of
his! You had many good people
down at the Grand Opera-house in
your day, by the way."
"Joseph Haworth one of the finest,"
Mas-all heartily subscribed. "He was
one of the most unselfish men I ever
met, kindness itself, and such a Ham
let. I enjoyed thoroughly my experi
ence with him."
"What parts do you like best your
self?"
"But, Mr. Mayall, after Eilert Lov
borg. Mercutio, Mephisto and such
like — "
"Well. I had never had a melodra
matic experience for one thing," Mr.
Mayall began, unconsciously throwing
out his chest. "Then again, they pay
excellent salaries here."
"You like it?"
"Sometimes. This week I have
quite a little opportunity of character
ization in 'The Counterfeiters.* It's
not a bad thing. You've seen 'Sher-i
lock Holmes?' Not such a far cry
from that."
Skene In 'The Masqueraders.' I was
¦wandering round •with a polished frown
•and my hands in my pockets all day.
Then when I played Mephlsto here a
while ago I went around making cut
ting, sarcastic remarks."
"Impossible!" I cried. "But do yon
know there is quite an opposite the
ory from yours? Miss Constance
Crawley of the 'Everyman* t company
told me of Beerbohm Tree's experi
ence — or rather his wife's. Mrs. Tree
said that when her husband was play
ing saints on the stage he was sinful
off. Then again, that when he was
playing the villain he was perfectly
lovely at home — 'angelic* was the
word, I believe."
"That is not my experience,*' the
actor said thoughtfully.
"You would be almost a 'holy ter
ror* at home Just now if It were,
wouldn't you?" I laughed. "Serious
ly, though, how comes it that you are
playing 'do or die* heroes?"
de Lussan. George Tennery. Camilla
d'Arvllle. Adelina Tromben. Llna da
Benedefto, Clio Marchesinl, Emanuel
Ischlerdo. Alfredo Tedeschl. Adamo Gre
gorettl, Giuseppe Zanlnl, Baldo Travag-
HnL : ' ,
Pilade do Paoli, Mary . Welch,' Pietro
Venerando,' Mlchele de Padova. Ines de
Frata, Tina de Spada, Marie Pozzi, Zelie
Katherine Fleming. William Mertens.
Slg. Ludovico Viviani, Effle Stewart.
Florence, Wolcutt, Helen Merrill.
Mary Linck. Anna Lichter. -Edgardo
Zerni. William Schuster, Slg. Wanrell.
Mary Brandis, William Pruett. Annla
Meyers, Gerald Gerome. Miss Charlotte
Beckwlth. Ada Palmer Walker, Tom
Green, Slg. Fernando Avedano.
Gaudenzlo Salassa, Vlncenzo Fornari,
Alfred C. Wheelan. Frances Graham.
Alessandro NicollnL Vlttorio Repetto.
Dominico Russo. Lla Poletlni, Barron
Berthold,' Miss Estefano Collamartni,
Emanuel Castellano, Nlci Barbareschi,
Miss Maud Williams, \Edward Webb, Ar
thur : Cunningham, Agusto Dado, Linda
Montanari, Giuseppe Agostini, Harry
Cashman. Harold Gordon. Emelio d'Al
bore.
Miss M. Neville.. Miss Edith Wood
thorpe, Miss Hattie Moore. Miss Le
Fevre. Miss Ethel Lynton, Miss
Lester, Miss Louise Lelghton. Slgnora
Sepelli. Signora Sordelli. Miss Helen
DIngeon, Miss Laura Clement, Miss Tel
lula Evans. Miss Kate Marchi. Miss Ber
tie Crawford. Miss Louise Manfred, Miss
Mamie Taylor, Mtss Dora Wiley, Slgnora
Ida Valerga. Miss Alice Galllard. Miss
Belle Thorne, Miss Ida Mullc. Miss Ada
Somers. Miss Hattie Delaro, Miss Emily
Soldene, Miss Louise Royce. Miss Alice
Vincent. Miss Tillle Salinger. Miss
Fanny Hall, Ml«s Gracie Plaisted. Miss
Lena Salinger, Miss Grace Vernon, Miss
Lizzie Annandale, Miss Fannie Llddlard,
Miss Carrie Roma. Miss Alice Nielsen,
Miss Carrie Godfrey. Miss Laura Mil
liard. Miss Alice Carle, Miss Mabella
Baker. Miss Emily Melville.
Richard Valerga. Henry Norman. Max
Figman, C. M. Pyke. William H. Hamil
ton. Robert Dunbar. Ferris Hartman.
John J. Raffael. Ferdinand Schutz. Mar
tin Pache, George Broderick, Francis
Powers. Thomas Leary, W. F. Roches
ter, James Kelly. James O. Barrows.
William H. West, Fred Emmerson
Brooks. Frank Roraback. Fred Borne
man, Tom Casseli, Harry . Peakes. Fred
Lennox. H. W. Frillman, Mons. A. L.
Guille, M. Connell, Al Hendersen. Harry
Gates, Harry de Lonne. H. Rattenbery,
Wllmot Eckert. Signor Baldanza, Slgnor
Villani, Signor Parollnl, Slgnor Campo
bello, Edward Knight. Edwin Stevens.
Stanley Felch. Arthur Messmer, War
wick Ganor.- Miro del a Motta. Frank
Risdale. - George Olmi, Frank Pearson.
Philip Branson. Melville Stewart, A. W.
F. McCollin, Thomas Rlcketts, John E.
McWade. * ;
Nina Bertinl Humphreys, Fernando
Michel ena, Maurice de Vries, Madame
Natall. Miss, Bernice Holmes. : Rhys
Thomas, Slg. Abramoff. Elvia Crox Sea
brooke, Josie Intropldi, Maurice d'Arcy,
Dennis CSulllvan, ¦ Myra Morella. Selma
Kronold.
Stage managers — M. Bachrack, F. E.
Brooks, Al Hendersen, Harry Gates,
R. C. Lloyd. Fritz La Fontain. W. F.
Rochester, James O. ! Barrows. G.
Coventry. Walter Craven, Robert Evans.
Charles M. Pyke. Fred Urban, I. W.
Norcross Jr., John E. Nash, George E.
Lask, Joseph, Witt.
Names of artists who have appeared
at the Tivoll Opera-house:
Here is the list, unavoidably left over
from last - Sunday, of the artists who
since Its opening in 1879 have helped to
make the old Tivoll famous:
Musical directors— T. Homeyer. M.
Navone, E. Schmidtz. Luscum Searelle,
George Loesch, Gustav Hlnrlchs, J. H.
Dohrmann, Richard Stahl. W. W. Furst.
Max Hirschfeld, Adolph Bauer. # Joseph
Hirschbach, Carl Martens, Paul Steln
dorff. '"7'zZ*~ji
• • •
Dr. H. J. Stewart will assist and Miss
Kathleen Parlow will give two violin
numbers.
Mrs. L. Snider- Johnson will give a
song recital on the evening of Tuesday,
December 8, at the T.' M. C. A. Audito
rium. .The programme consists of
classic and standard. songs and includes
two arias from the works of Von Web
er and ,Tschaikowsky.
Mrs. Johnson is the well-known so
prano of . the First Congregational
Church of this city.'and has been often
heard since her concert debut last Feb
ruary. «
The Royal Italian Band will begin to
night a return engagement at the Al
hambra Theater, when the following
programme will be given: "March of
the Drums'.*^ (Chiaffarelli); overture.
"Fanciulla Delle Asturia" (Secehi):
clarinet solo, "Adagio e Tarantelle"
(Cavallini), Sig. Decimo; "Mazurka de
Concert" (Pepe); fantasie, "La Tosca"
(Puccini); waltz (De Angelis); Siberian
Scenes (Marengo); polka, "Loretta"
(Chlaffarelll): - finale act three, "La
Giaconda" (Ponchlelli).
. The first concert to be given In the
Greek Theater at Berkeley will take
place on "Wednesday afternoon next at
2:30 o'clock, when Manager Will Green
baum has arranged for a concert In aid
of the establishment of a musical and
dramatic fund at the university by the
Ellery Royal Italian Band. .San Fran
ciscans should take the 1 or 1:30 boat.
The programme planned will be ex
ceptionally fine, and as the acoustics of
the building are perfect the band will
be heard to unusual advantage. The
price of seats has been set at the low
figure of 50 cents each In order to in
duce out-of-town people to visit this
most remarkable building of the State.
It has been arranged that in case of
rain the concert will be given in the
gymnasium building of the university.
Tickets can be secured at Sherman,
Clay & Co.'s. ' -;Vi
THE SAN ¦: FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1903.
WITH TH E PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
18PERSONS PROMINENT IN
LOCAL FRATERNAL CIR
CLES.
The Woodmen.
Golden Gate Camp of the Woodmen
of the World, ; at its election held last
Monday night,- adopted a ballot very
similar to \ that used at general elec
tions and Instead of voting \ singly, for
each candidate, as in the past, all can
didates for the several offices were vot-
Knights of Pythias.
Eureka Lodge, Knights of Pythias,
at its last held convention had a large
attendance of members and visitors,
and these witnessed the officers confer
in excellent form the knight rank in the
amplified form on several eligibles.
Fred Esker, a member of Benlcia
Lodge, was admitted to membership In
Eureka by card, and as he had been a
frequent visitor he was greeted with a
genuine Pythian welcome. Past Chan
cellors J. W. C. Beattie and F. O.
Raabe, active and energetic workers
for the lodge, were elected representa
tives from the lodge tq the Pythian
Hall Association.
.Grand Prelate D.C. Clark will offi
cially visit West- Lodge at Tracy De-
Garfield Corps.
The "hunters' party" given by James
A. Garfleld Corps, W. R. C, In the As
sembly Hall of the Alcazar building: on
the last Monday in November, was at
tended by a very large number of peo
ple who were anxious to know what
kind of a party that was. The com
mittee In charge, consisting of Sarah
Wilson, Mrs. Bouvier, Mrs. Tyron, Mrs.
Welch, Mrs. Sherbourn, Addle L. Bal
lou, Mrs. Bertha E. Mackrett
and Mrs. Martin, with Ada Roxy
Duncan as mistress of the floor, se
creted in different parts of the room
forty numbered papers and at a given
signal all present were permitted to
look for the concealed numbers. Each
finder received a prize. In addition to
the hunt there was a programme of
entertainment and dancing. The con
tributors to the entertainment were
Agnes Moon of Oakland, Bertha To
bias, Dr. J. R. Moutou and Lizzie Stan
ton. Aftetp the dance refreshments were
served. .
Royal Arcanum.
Los Angeles Is already preparing a
reception for the grand officers of and
representatives to the drand Council of
the Royal Arcanum, which is to meet
in that city March 8 and 9. It is ex
pected .that that meeting 'will be the
largest and most enthusiastic ever held
by a Grand Council in the history of
the order in this State.
The reports for November show a net
gain in membership of -nearly 2500,
which increases the numerical strength
of the' order to 280,000.
Buena Viata Council of this city holds
the record for prompt payment of a
death claim in any fraternal beneficiary
association having the home office east
of ,the Mississippi. It paid a claim to
the beneficiaries of a. deceased member
in ten days and fourteen hours. The
next best record is by Alameda Council,
which paid a claim In thirteen days.
Golden West Council is receiving ap
plications at every meeting and is en
deavoring to increase its membership
to one hundred before the meeting: of
the next Grand Council in March.:Re
gent Bartlett and Secretary Hodgkins
have issued a novelty in the way of an
appeal to the > members to go out and
hustle for candidates. As a reward for
efforts in behalf "., of the : ; council . the
members will be treated to a Christmas
dinner by the council. -
The < new . council - organized by Dis-
Imprdved Red Men.
Calumet Tribe of the Improved Order
of Red Men, organized by Dr. Charles
M. Troppmann of this city, will be
instituted by the great chiefs of the
order in the Post-street wigwam with
more than 100 charter members, on the
evening of December 14. At the meet
ing preliminary to institution, held No
vember 30, the following named were
chosen to be the chiefs for the new
tribe: Daniel ¦ Teare, sachem; J. . D.
Halph, senior sagamore; J. Petrle,
junior sagamore; Dr. Charles M. Tropp
mann, prophet; H.J. Willla, chief of
records; R. E. Hussey, collector of
wampun; Joseph L. Gallagher, keeper
of wampun; Dr. Troppmann, medicine
man; John Ball, W.yp. Van Ardale
and Samuel Pickett, trustees.
Dr. Troppmann, who has organized
this tribe, is a well-known fraternal
man of this city. He is a member of
Pacific Lodge, F. and A. M.; of Yerba
Buena Lodge of Perfection, A. and A. S.
R. M.; of Godfrey de St. Omar Council,
Knights Kadosh; San Francisco Con
sistory of the Shrlners and one of , the
Arab Patrol; member of the executive
council of the Foresters of America and
grand recording secretary ;of . that or
der; past chief ranger of , Court Seal
Rock, F.'of.A.; of Inter Nos Circle,
Companlons'of the' F. of .A.; of. Court
Acacia, Independent Order of : Forest
ers, and secretary of Golden Gate
Chapter of the American Guild. He is
also a member and examining Burgeon
of Tamalpals Camp of theTWoodmen of
the World ; a : member of the SanFran
clsco County Medical Society;- of: the'
California State- Medical ; Association,
and secretary of the Alumni , Associa-
Eastern Star.
The officers of Berkeley Chapter, Or
der of the Eastern Star, were installed
on the night of December 1 by Past
Grand Patron George L. Darling, as
sisted by Mrs. L. C. Byce, matron of
Morning Star Chapter of Petaluma, as
grand marshal. The music was under
the direction of Past Grand Organist
Mrs. Nellie Augusta Darling. There
was a large attendance of members and
visitors, who greatly appreciated the
very impressive manner in which the
ceremony of installation was con
ducted.
The officers of Beulah Chapter, South
San Francisco, will be installed by
Mrs. Smale as installing officer^ The
ceremony will be followed by a ban
quet.
The members of Haftnony Chapter
No. 124 will have a public installation
of officers in Golden Gate Hall on the
night of December 10^ Arrangements
have been made to make this one of the
finest installations of the season. -
The installation of the officers of Ivy
Chapter No. 27 will take place in the
Masonic Temple on the night of De
cember 8. This affair will be conducted
on a grand scale.
The last meeting of the present offi
cers of Harmony Chapter on the last
Thursday in November was marked by
the initiation of several candidates in
a very creditable manner ' by the offi
cers who are to retire on the evening
of the 10th inst. After the work there
was an adjournment to the small social
hall of the Golden Gate Asylum, where
there was dancing for an hour and the
singing of ballads by Frances Mandler
of Alameda, The term of the officers,
who-are to vacate their stations short
ly, has demonstrated that the name! of
the chapter has characterized all, the
meetings.
The installation of 'the officers of San
The Workmen.
The Past Masters* Association, A. O.
U. W., of San Francisco, will celebrate
the tenth anniversary of its institution
to-morrow night in its hall in the Shiela
building. There will be a good pro
gramme of entertainment C and ad
dresses by Grand Master Workman
Browning, Deputy Grand Master
Workman Hirshberg, Grand Recorder
Spencer, Grand Receiver Booth. Past
Supreme Master Jordan, Past Grand
Master Barnes tfnd others.
Prosperity Lodge will give a ball in
Pioneer Assembly Hall December 18.
At a recent meeting of the board of
corporate directors it was decided to
promulgate the options adopted at the
recent special session of the Grand
Lodge, and the same are being distrib
uted through the lodges to the mem
bers.
Grand Overseer Savage was in this
city last week and. he reports that
now that the new*plan has been thor
oughly explained there is a better feel
lng In the southern part of the State
and initiation In the lodge la now in
order. ' .
tion, College' of Physicians and Sur
geons. All in all the doctor is an all
around fraternal man, who is deeply
interested in the. advancement of each
order with which he is associated.
Altahmos Tribe, which is striving
hard to reach the. BOO mark in mem
bership and which is rapidly nearlng
that mark, at its council last Wednes
day night had twenty- four pale
faces to adopt. Those who were admit
ted Into the tribe discovered much
beauty in the adoption ceremony ana
were amazed at the impressiveness of
the work by the chiefs. This tribe,
which has since Its institution been a
leader in Redmanship in this city, in
tends to become not only the banner
tribe of this city and county, but of
the entire reservation.
The masquerade ball given by Walla
Walla Tribe and Kahweah Council of
the Degree of Pocahontas in Native
Sons' Hall on the last Saturday in No
vember was a grand success, for there
was a large attendance of maskers and
spectators, first class music'and a well
arranged programme of dances. The
affair was admirably'conducted under
the direction of the committee of ar
rangements, consisting of J. H. Stein
man, A, L. Rlley. W. B. Welch, W. F.
Lannon; W. E. McNair, J. E. Layin?,
Charles Koch, P. J. Brady. Mrs. Bur
ress. Mrs. Aston and Miss Huston. A.
L. Rilev was the 'floor manager and
was assisted by Martin Mayforth, Fred
W.. Myers, Dr. C.'T. Hahsen, A. Tevis
and , members of the committee of ar
rangements.
The board of relief of the I. O. R. M.
will have a day and night at the
Chutes on December 9. '
Seneca Council pf the Degree of Po-
cahontas has arranged for a Christmas
tree party to: be given in Washington
Square Hall on the night of Decem
ber 21. An active .committee has been
appointed to take charge, of this func-
Great Pocahontas Mrs. Minnie Betts
and attending great chiefs will pay an
official visit on December 12 to Kau
wau-nlta Council in Alameda.
Odd Fellowship.
A new hall built for the lodge of Odd
Fellows In Byron, Contra Costa County,
will be dedicated with appropriate cere
monies on -December 18.
Grand Master Baker will officially
visit Woodland Lodge December 19.
During the current month a new
lodge of the Rebekahs will be instituted
at Rio Vista and one at Isleton.
The San Francisco relief committee
paid a fraternal visit last Monday to
Excelsior Lodge and on Wednesday one
to- Spartan Lodge. At each place the
visitors. were well received and pleas
antly entertained.
President Alma I. Jensen of the Re
bekahs officially visited Jubilee Lodge
on December 1, Haywards on the 2d,
Sunset on the 4th, Oakland on the 5th.
She will go to Alder Glen Lodge De
cember 8; Sebastopol, 9th; Liberty,
10th; Oak Leaf, 11th; Walhalla, 12th;
Rose N 17th; Templar, 19th; Loyal, 21st;
Berketey. 22d; Petaluma, 23d; Brooklyn,
28th, and Alameda, 29th.
Templar Rebekah Lodge will give a
refined vaudeville entertainment De
cember 12, when professional talent will
entertain the members and guests of
the evening. This lodge will receive an
official visit from the president ?f the
assembly on the night of December 19,
and preparations are already being
made for that event.'
Loyal Rebekah Lodge had Its wax
work exhibition in the Prospect Hall
of the Odd Fellows on the night of the
last Monday in November. It was wit
nessed by nearly -400 people, who were
treated to a show that for perfectness
of detail and carrying out of the char
acters assumed by the several members
of the lodge who took part has never
been excelled at any fraternal enter
tainment. Mrs. Eola M. Cyrus as Mrs.
Jarley was the central figure, and from
the manner in which she personated the
loqu Aous, merry, kind-hearted owner
and exhibitor of the works, "the de
light of the nobility and gentry and
the peculiar pet of the royal family,"
cl ose reader of that character in "Old
it was evident that she had been a
Curiosity Shop." The exhibition was
followed by dancing, which was kept
up until a late The lodge is
preparing for an amateur show to be
given in the latter part of the current
month.
Independent Foresters.
High Vice Chief Ranger G. Q. Stew
art of the Independent Order of For
esters and J. P. Murphy, chairman of
the San Francisco board of deputies,
paid a fraternal visit to Court Oakland
on November 30 and were received with
a cordial welcome. There was an inter
esting meeting, and the visitors ' had
much to say for the good of the order,
at the same time calling attention to
the theater party which the San Fran
cisco Court will have at the Central
Theater on February 12.
. Court Golden Gate and companion
court of the same name gave a mas
querade ball In Franklin Hall last
Thursday. The hall was transformed
into a forest illuminated with rose-col
ored lights, producing a pretty and
novel effect. There were hundreds on
the floor In costume and all had a most
enjoyable time. The affair was under
the management of Companions M.
Beard, Pauline Rogers, E. E. Murphy,
Nellie Kuss, Ida Chambers, A. Delaney
and R. Young.
Court Yerba Buena at its meeting on
the first Tuesday in December re-elect
ed Chief Ranger Keller, Recording Sec
retary Solomon, Financial Secretary
Fitzgerald and Treasurer Metter, and
elected McGarren, vice chief ranger; M.
Solomon, orator; Chrlstianson. senior
beadle; Moulter, Junior beadle; _T.
Wicks, senior beadle; McCaffrey, Junior
beadle; Gregg and McCarthy, trustees;
Moulter and Wicks, finance committee.
This court, which now has a member
ship of 118, with several applications on
the desk, will have a public installation
in January and a party in conjunction
with Companion Court Yerba Buena,
and complimented the officers for the
letter perfect manner of their work.
Miss F. Edwards, president of .the
parlor, in a neat speech, presented the
grand president with a handsome silver
salad set and a basket of red carna
tions in token of the parlor's esteem
of her. Miss Edwards, who Is also the
district deputy for the parlor, was
then, on behalf of the members, pre
sented with an exquisitely- carved bon
bon spoon and a basket of violets by
Grand Trustee Kate McGough. There
was a large attendance, including
many of the present and past grand
officers, members from each of the
local parlors and not a few from the
interior parlors. In one of the many
speeches during the evening one of the
speakers declared that "all have assem
bled here to honor the grand president,
whose sterling qualities of mind and
pleasing personality have endeared her
to the order." The hospitality of the
parlor was manifested in the form of
a delicious collation.
Darina Parlor is arranging for an
entertainment to be given In the near
future in aid of the institution known
as the Native Daughters' Home.
On the last Monday in November,
Callfia Parlor of Sacramento enter
tained its members and friends at
whist in celebration of the ".'sweet six
teen" anniversary of the institution of
the parlor. There were seventy tables
in all, yet notwithstanding the large
number of people, an able committee,
of which Miss Jennie Crofton, a most
popular member of the" order, was
chairman, saw that the pleasure and
comfort of each was carefully attended
to. The event was in the banquet hall
of the Odd Fellows* building, which on
that occasion was tastefully decorated
with greens from the pepper tree, Jack
o'-lanterns and trailing pumpkin vines
with buds and blossoms. After the
award of prizes there was a collation
and dancing. This parlor, one of the
most sincere, fraternal and loyal as
well as homelike in the entire Jurisdic
tion, again proved that Its members are
charming hostesses.
Francisco Chapter will be held Jh
Steinway Hall on the evening of De
cember 2L The retiring matron, ,^\bl
Sheeline, will be the installing officer
and Mrs. Charlotte Elizabeth Marais
will be the marshal of ceremonies. '<Ihls'
chapter, on the evening of the last
Monday in November, gave a ball in'
Steinway Hall, which was well attend
ed and was a delightful function. Hen
ry TV. Maass was the floor ''manager
and he was assisted in the direction of
the same by Albert Percy Heise, Eva
Sheeline, matron; George Washington
Geauque, patron; , Charles Louis Peter
Marate, past patron, and Charlotte
Elizabeth Marais, past matron.
Golden Gate Chapter, the mother
chapter of the order in this State, had
its officers installed in Golden Gate
Hall ofc the evening of the first Friday
in December in the presence of large
number of members of the order and
invited friends.
The installation «of the officers of
Starr King Chapter in Devlsadero
street Hall on the first Tuesday in De
cember was witnessed by nearly 300
persons. The ceremony was by Emma
Eva Goodman, the retiring matron,
assisted by Susie Sgills Willats of Aloha
Chapter as marshal of ceremonies, and
was in a most creditable manner. The
new officers are: Dora A. Wright, mat
ron; Isaac Biehn Schantz, patron (re
elected); Zelda Glaser, associate mat
ron; Sarah David, secretary; Sarah
Cohn, treasurer; Adelaide Elizabeth
HIckie, conductress: Helena Cohen,
associate conductress; Mary Keller,
Jennie Cohen, Carrie Vanatta and Flor
ence Rinata Baxter, points of the cen
tral star; Rebecca Cohen, warder;
Mary Hammond Lewis, sentinel; Ar
nold Glaser, chaplain; Emma Eva
Goodman, marshal; Leonora Leah
Goodman, organist. After the cere
mony the retiring matron, Mrs. Good
man, was presented with a handsome
Jewel of her rank with large central
diamond and encircled with a border of,
rose diamonds. The patron was pre
sented a neat little pin, being the star
of the order resting on the. square and
compass. The installation was followed
by a programme of songs and instru
mental musfc and short addresses by
prominent members of the organiza
tion. V
ed for one at a time. The ejection re
sulted in the selection of. the following
named' to serve for the ensuing term:
W. D. Ferguson, consul commander;
F. J. Thompson, adviser lieutenant; T.
F. Quinlan, banker; John T. O'Donnell,
clerk; John Wisnom, assistant clerk;
J. J. Donahue,' escort; E. G. Fenning,
watchman; David Brown, sentry (six
teenth term);'R. P. Hooe, manager
(eighteen-month term).
1 This camp, having such a large me*m
bership, had to hold the election In the
banquet hall of the Native Sons* buiW
ing instead of its own meeting place.
Four hundred and sixteen votes were
cast and' it was after 1 o'clock before
the ballots were all counted. It ivas ex
pected-that there would be a contest
for the office of clerk, as an opposition
candidate had been named, but' h*> re
ceived only twenty-four votes. Mayor
Schmitz was present and voted, being
a member of the camifcv The member
ship contest of the camp, with the idea
of making it the banner one of the Ju
risdiction, is still going on under two
teams, the Log Rollers, Captain M.« Cal
len, and the Stump Pullers, Captain A.
J. Glover, with a working committee
of 300, of which E. J. Isaacs is chair
man and J. T. O'Donnell secretary.
The social given by the Choppers'
Friendship Club No. 1 in the meeting
hall of the club in Pioneer Hall last
week was a very pleasing affair that
was enjoyed by, a large number of peo
ple. A very interesting programme was
presented and this included an exhibi
tion of stereoptlcon views. After the
programme there was dancing and the
serving of a collation. The committee
that, had charge of the function wa3
John -T. O'Donnell, J. Donahue and J.
Dessaur. This club's increase commit
tee Is still hard at work, making a
strong effort to increase the member
ship to the desired mark, 1000. It. ex
pects to get that number before it asks
to be. discharged.
The reception to Head Consul Falk
enburg by Tamalpals and Calumet
camps In Pioneer Hall December 1 was
well attended by neighbors of both
camps and their lady relatives and
friends. After an address of welcome
by J. F. McElroy, P. C. C, and a re
sponse by the visitor, there was a
pleasing programme, the numbers he-,
ing contributed by Captain Allie Per
rln, Theresa CassinelH, Agnes King,
Clara Wilkens, M. Rutherford, Mrs. F.
Kelly, Loretta Campbell, Irene Kam
ena, Olga Benfeldt, Pearl Benfeldt and
William Dahl. A dance followed. John
McCann was the floor manager.
trict Deputy Grand Regent Davidson
will, it is expected, be instituted with
about thirty charter members during
the holiday season.
George W. Dixon, ex-supreme repre
sentative and at present chairman of
the Grand Council committee on pro
"motion and publicity, is dangerously
ill at his home on Devisadero street.
A. N. Eshelman of St. Paul. Minn.,
has returned to this city after having
made a tri:> home, and will make this
his home for the future.
, from Los Angeles show that
the councils in that city and vicinity
are all^doing well and are taking in a
large number of candidates. The re
ports from, that section are most en
couraging.
American Foresters.
Grand Secretary John J. Cordy of the
Foresters of America and his wife cel
ebrated the fifteenth anniversary of
their wedding at their home on Jersey
street on the evening of the last Sat
urday In November. It was a pleasant
home gathering, at which there were
present only the relatives of the hus
band and wife and a very few intimate
friends. The couple were congratulat
ed and the hope expressed that they
might be the central figure at the sil
ver anniversary ten y* ars hence, after
which there was an evening of music,
songs and home games, and then an
excellent supper was partaken of. Mr.
Cordy is one of the very popular men
in the order and his wife is a prominent
figure in the order of Companipna of
the Forest of America.
Court LIvermore has arranged for a
masquerade ball on the night of the
last day of the current year.
The members of Court Hubertua will
have a Christmas party on the evening
of December 26 and has appointed C.
Bllckel, J. Heppert, H. Cauris, W.
Fischler and W. Gatzert to arrange for
this affair, which will be given in the
hall of the San Francisco Turn Verein.
Court Justice will have a Christmas
tree and party in the assembly hall of
the Alacazar building on the evening of
December 21.
Court Golden Era will start in the
new year with a prize dancing party,
having arranged for such an event for
January 8. ." .
-. ¦ • - . --
cember 8, and Duroc Lodge at "Wood
bridge December 9.
The second annual military ball given
by McKlnley Company of the Uniform
Rank. Captain J. K. Rltter command
ing.', in Golden Gate Hall on the last
Monday in November was a decided
success as to numbers and excellence
of arrangements for the pleasure of the
members and their guests. The decora
tions were beautiful in their simplicity,
being In light tints. The choice of col
ors reflected credit on E. M. Eisfelder.
a member of the company, who super
intended the same. The programme of
dances included twelve numbers, with
two extras. Lieutenant A. Budzallnl
was the floor manager, and he was as
sisted by Captain M. A. Samuels and
Captain Joe Rosenberg. The success of
this very, delightful function was due
to the careful consideration of details
by the committee of arrangements.
composed of Lieutenant A. Budzallni,
Captain Joe Rosenberg. Treasurer E.
M. Eisfelder, A. H. Meyers, Sergeant
D. Franklin. 'Major W. E. Lamgenbach.
C. E. Lewis, M. D. Israel and Captain
II. A. Samuels.
During the latter part of November
Grand President Stella Finkeldey paid
official visits to local parlors of the
Native Daughters and at each place
visited there was a feeling of serenity
until one or two members, under good
of the order, told their tales of woe,
which many members believe ought to
be told in the Grand Parlor to the com
mittee on grievances, and marred the
pleasures of the evening.
At Fremont Parlor the grand presi
dent was well received and among the
visitors wore Past Presidents Keith and
Baker. Grand Secretary Frakes and
Deputy Presidents Mulcay and Wehe.
The officers were complimented for
their excellent work and Lily Kerrigan.
the marshal, was specially congratu-
latod for the charming and ' dignified
manner in which Bhe discharged her
duties. The grand president was pre
sented with a handsome Jewel case
and the two district deputies were
plvon fragrant flowers. There were
addresses by the grand officers named
and then a banquet.
At Orinda Parlor the grand president
was most graciously received and the
reception must have left a most favor
able impression on her of the Orinda
pirls. The ritual was exemplified by
the initiation of two candidates— Miss
Carrie Muller and Mrs. Kitty Gilmour—
after which there was the presentation
of a set of six volumes on California
to the grand president, a book for each
letter of the name of the parlor, in
token of appreciation of that officer.
The grand officer praised the parlor for
the excellent manner in which the offi
cers performed" their work and spoke
in praise of the beautiful decorations,
cor.siFting of the State's golden flower
and evergreens. The speaker said that
a lesson is learned at every visit to a
Fubordinate. In Orinda Parlor she must
have discovered that the members are
teaching what fraternity is. The meet
ing was addressed by Past Grand Pres
ident Conrad, who said of the grand
president that "she extols that which is
good in others, never breathing the
good Fhe herself does and therefor we
love her for her worth." Past Presi
dent Mills said: "It is the heart that
tells and we are pleased to think that
Sister Finkeldey will love Orinda as
much as we do her." Other visitors
were Past Grand Presidents Baker and
Keith, also Dr. Emma C. Lafontaine,
the parlor's physician, and District
Deputy Miss Nellie Mulcay. There
were many addresses under good for
the order and the presentation of a cut
glass berry dish to Grand Treasurer
Emma Gruber Foley, a member of the
parlor, on behalf of her admiring
friends; a memento to Mrs. Baker, and
flowers to special guests.
At La Estrella Parlor, the grand
president was received with that gra
ciousness which has been a feature in
the star parlor. The decorations were
emblematic of the patriotism which
characterizes the membership of the
order. There was the exemplification
of the ritualistic work in a manner
that demonstrated that the officers had
given much attention to the game and
for this they were complimented by the
inspecting officer. Among visitors to
the parlor were Past Grand President
Eliza D. Keith, Grand Secretary Laura
J. Frakes. Grand Treasurer Emma G.
Foley and visitors from every parlor
in the city. There were interesting ad
dresses by the grand officers named
and one by a member of the order who
aired her grievance. Her remarks
were received with such a degree of
coolness that she must have felt there
is much that would better be left un
eaid. As a token of the parlor's ad
miration of the grand president it pre
sented her with a handsome crystal ink
well. After the business of the even
ing the parlor served icecream and
cakes.
The grand president was also pleas
antly received by Gabrielle Parlor In
Eagles' Hall. There, by reason of the
large floor, the officers had the oppor
tunity to make a fine display of floor
work during the ritualistic ceremony.
The officers of the parlor received praise
and after the usual work there was the
presentation of a token of love and ad
miration to the visiting grand official
and a thanksgiving programme, con
sisting of a song by the parlor; "The
Origin of Thanksgiving," by Miss
Wood; "The First Thanksgiving," by
Julia Tanner; "America," by the par
lor; "How Came Thanksgiving Day,"
by Miss Beherns; an address by Past
President Eliza D. Keith, and a piano
polo by Grand President Miss Finkel
dey, who is possessed of rare musical
talent. The present that was given to
grand president . was a beautiful ink-
Etand. Flowers were presented to other
grand officers.
A new parlor called Hiawatha was
Instituted at Redding in the latter part
of last month by Past Grand President
Mrs. Etna Gett of Sacramento, who
was assisted in the initiatory work and
Installation ceremony by a full team
of officers from Camelia Parlor of An
derson. This parlor was organized by
Miss Ethel Lowden, who was assisted
in the work by J. J. Daley, a well
known member of the order of Native
Sons. The parlor starts with twenty
eix. charter members. The president
chosen for the first term is Jessie Dunn
and the recording secretary Mrs. Stella
Collins.
During the stay of the grand presi
dent In this city she was the guest of
Lena HIIke Mills and Ida M. Kervan
at several of the prominent women's
clubs, including the California,
Women's Press and Outdoor .Art
League. She was also entertained at
luncheon and was driven out to see
the eights by Lena H. Mills, Emma G.
Foley. Mary E. Tillman and L M.
Kervan.
Keith Parlor at its last held meeting
disposed of business in a most expedi
tious manner, for the purpose of hav
ing a "lady Jinks." at which there was
a great deal of sport.
The visit of the grand president to
Darina Parlor on the last Monday In
Novembqr was in the nature of an ova
tion, which was Illustrative of the love
and esteem in which the grand officer
is held by the membership of that par
lor. The hall was elaborately decorat
ed with fish nets, in the meshes of
which there was a liberal display of
ferns, huckleberry leaves and golden
poppies, and national and California
Hags were everywhere in evidence. The
seat of honor, reserved for the visiting
officer, was beautifully decorated with
flowers, ferns and Christmas berries.
The ritualistic work was exemplified
by the initiation of Miss Pillar and
Miss Radke. Under good for the order
Miss Finkeldey delivered an interest*
ing address on the order in general
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1903.
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOM
19THE KING'S GIFT A
• §5OOO SABLE COAT
Edward VII- Remembers Mrs. Kep
pel's Handsome Birthday Pxes
• ent of a Miniature.
LONDON. Dec. 5.— The exquisite
niirilature of "Mrs. Keppel painted by
Mrs. Coudert (Amalia Kussner) is now
inking Edward's possession,, he hav
ingreceived it as a birthday gift.
The King is fond of making presents,
and among his most recent purchases
was a magnificent coat of Russian
sable, which cost more than $5090. as
a return gift for Mrs. Keppel. The
lining Is of. soft yellow satin and the
coat has a sapphire and diamond clasp
at the throat. BBS
The garment has not been worn by
Mrs. Keppel in town yet. as she only
received it the day before she went to
Sandringham for the King's* birthday.
She did not wear it on the Journey
down. ' .
Miss Helen Baily will make, her de
but next Saturday, December ! 12, at a
tea. to be given by her mother, Mrs.
Baily, at the John F. Swift residence,
824 •. Valencia street, Mrs. Swift is an
aunt cf the .debutante. Several, hun
dred invitations have been . issued and
the affair should be an auspicious be
ginning of a (bright and", happy social
career. BSQ
. Those who .will assist -• in - receiving
are: ; The Misses - Huntlngtoh, !the
Misses King, tile Misses Gibbons, .Miss
Elsie j Dorr. Miss ; Frances McKinstry,
Miss ; Mary . Josselyn, , Miss . Margaret
Newhall and Miss Ruth'McNutt.
. 'Miss • Mary ; Swift Baily, another
daughter of Mrs. Baily, - is mak-
" Ermine is vying with sable 'in popu
larity this season. Mrs. . Richard . Mul
cahy is wearing a beautiful 'set of er
mine furs with her light" gowns. The
collarette has" longstole ends" reaching
to. the bottom "of the skirt, and the
muff. Is an immense curved "affair
.trimmed with a row of animals' heads
and soft touches of chiffon.
• "¦_"•¦ ' •
fur, : brown ribbon and chiffon.
There is some talk among the bach
elors of- getting up.'a r novel } vaudeville
programme with "- unique surprises * as
features of the evening,' but' I- think
If the bachelors' actually entertain" this
The ; De Youngs have returned 'from
the East- and -their- spacious home, on
California • street' will: be the scene of
many -delightful -.affairs. •;•» Mrs. . 'de
Young's vaudevtilerentertainment last
winter had many -originai. and clever
features arid those who saw two society
men present' impersonate • the "Babes
in the Woods" have never stopped talk
ing about v . it. . • ,
Doll, parties, , with. the .guests cos
tumed, as .dolls of various kinds,' tug
parties on the bay for starlit': nights
and fancy dress affairs are so pleasant
ly remembered frorh.last yearthat they
wlll.be repeated later on.^ '¦ ¦ : .- -
A large touring .car or t several small
ones are provided .for a rld<\" usually
to the park' or. beach. . Upon their ' re
turn the, guests JInd a supper awaiting
them, at a 'downtown.. restaurant. y' Let
us hope they are not too coM'to eat it.
Mrs. : J. M. Henry, -,. who , is spending
the' winter with her parents; >Dr. ,-. and
¦ Mrs. A: H. Voorhles.'is.more feted than
any 'debutante.! Not. a dinner or. lunch
eon' has been ". disengaged top .the,; past
three weeks : and charming entertain
ment; has beeiV -arranged | for her for
the fortnight to come.. r .. ,;. • -.. ¦
¦ Mrs. Henry has resided in Washing
ton since; her : marriage > and i those
friends :.wjio .knew.. her : as . the, popular
Kate iVoorhies; are vying; with, each
othei" in making: her. visit > here ; a de-
Hghtful/one.t ¦'";'.<;V : . ; ; •¦- ".; '.,•-'.'
:'.-. Mrs.' Henry.was beautiful at the, last
Jeunesse assembly; iri< a -gown ' : of •; white
' ¦ There = has* been some attempt- to re
vive the chafing* dish "parties at the
Presidio Club.' "Those .were. such. Jolly,
informal times when the girjs wore
shirt :.waists • and 'tailor skirts- and
cooked suppers In the chafing . dishes,
:but the -people :who like .formal affairs
are. winning, out' and ;-the;PresidiO; hops
•will become : more ; and more conven
tional. . ¦ ;' ¦ • 1 1 ' . ¦*'
winter - that would 'occasion about" all
the surprise '.we' could stand. \ t
' Miss Malita > Pease 'was at a
very > pretty dinner' at her * home on
Pacific ; avenue on Tuesday 1 evening.
The' decorations wete' red roses and the
V,andelabra- shades ; were ; of the same
color. ;¦ Miss -• Pease, : who .- . is . ever a
r -- Miss-Belle" Harmes is said to have
forsworn • society, for this winter, in
tending to stay at home and accom
plish' things worth' while, but her reso
lution : does not; seem : to have , taken
effect yet! for 'she was seen at the
Jeuriesse' assembly .and » a number of
other 'affairs.. :
1 Miss -Harmes 1< recently pro
nounced by some one the most beau
tiful girl in society.' This being the
case it be her^ religious duty, to
go out and gladden esthetic eye,
Beauty is - scarce" everywhere. Miss
Harmes certainly dresses : in exquisite
taste. 'A most becomlhg'toilette: which
she .recently affected \\ consisted, of.; a
white cloth ;gown; mink" furs' and. a
light; picture riat.Sri ' "•, •¦-'•" ' '¦'-
satin and Duchesse lace.. One would
not guess, to meet ¦ her, :that she has a
llttle^daughtereight- years of age. . :
I Miss Mabelle Toy is wearing ', a, good
deal .df -brown this winter./with.charm
ing^ effect. She was much "a
few days ago, when; she wore, a thrown
costume, with boa and muff ; of *mink
'Miss Maye r .Colburn's • brown velvet
gown, .worn with sable' furs and hat,
is a very happy thought "and the ¦ most
becoming costume she, has 'donned for
many^ a ; day,^ although " her v ermine' is
pretty and the rightful" heritage ¦ of
women with light half. '<
• • ¦ ¦ • . ¦ •
Mrs. James A. Black • is wearing hand
some sables this winter," which are ad
mirably' suited to her; brunette type of
beauty. The ; collarette; has -long stole
ends extending nearly to '¦ the hem of
the skirt. \. \'
charming, hostess, had everything per
fectly arranged for the comfort and"
pleasure of her guests and the evening
was delightfully spent.
Those present were: Miss . Florence
Cole, Miss Gertrude Dutton, Miss Ed
na Middleton, Captain Heidt. W. W.
Williams, Jack 'iPolhemus/ and: Mr.
Williamson. ,-j~ • •
Automobile parties are Just now a
favorite pastime for moonlight nights.
.vhere' seats, are changed, are always
hailed with- delight -by miladi from
out of town, as she has a different
table companion at brief intervals and
the conversation with each one helps
her to remember faces and names and
often to find a congenial spirit.
Progressive luncheons or dinners,
This series of luncheons affords
?.lrs. Clement a better opportunity to
know her hostess' friends, as different
ones are asked on the various occa
sions and the guest will have. six days
to learn their names and select her
own friends from among them., This
is vastly easier than meeting them all
at once and struggling ¦ to remember
their Yiames and faces to avoid being
discourteous in the future.
Sirs. Burns Macd'onald and Mrs.
Hilda Macdonald Baxter will give the
last three of their series of luncheons
this week at the University Club.
The motif, Mrs. Victor Clement, is
a charming young widow from Salt
Lake, at present visiting the Macdon
-alds. .
THREE YOUNG FAVORITES I N^SOCI ETYMON^
PARIS, Dec. 5.— The pawnshops of
Paris are making money from the
automobiles pawned by Francisco Ter
ry, the spendthrift son of Emlllo Terry,
brother-in-law of Count Stanislaus de
Castellane. It is gossip of the clubs
that Terry has pawned five automo
biles for comparatively trifling sums.
This Is the first time Paris pawnbrok
ers have been" asked to advance money
on automobiles. 1 Among the machines
Terry has pawned are two racing ma
chines one of which won the P4ris-
Bordeaux race in. May. Terry bought
this and a sixty-horse- power Mercedes
a few months ago. Though only 23.
Terry finds an allowance i of $60,000 a
year insufficient for his heeds. He is
generous. He recently gave a singer
at the Opera a house costing $SO,000.
The youth relieves his immediate wants
by discounting notes with money lend
ers' at Tapacious prices. Notes already
negotiated total a million francs.
Terry now Is in the hands of a notori
ous money-lender called Tour de Mou
lin, who furnishes money to youths
with expectations at heavy rates of
interest. The- Terry and CastelJane
families are moving to have a Suardlan
appointed to "restrain the spendthrift.
YOTJNG TERRY MAKING
THE PAWNBROKERS RICH
CaateUane's Relative Xeads a Fast
Hace and Borrows Money
on ' Automobiles,
The guests are bidden to come at a
given hour and are. seated around a
large table prettily decorated and
lighted with soft shaded candelabra.
Toasts and bon'mots — -usually pre
pared in advance— are dispensed with
the delicious refreshments in which
tea is only-a mere -incident.- -
These high teas, although dellght
fuj. will never equal the informal re
ceptions in popularity, '¦ for at "-the lat
ter function many more friends can
be made glad and, incidentally, a larg
er number of- social obligations can
celed.
A high tea recently -given for Mrs.
Budd was a charming affair and the
to?sts were particularly clever.
The attempt now being made in
New York to revive the "high tea" is
meeting with favor and it will be ven
tured in San Francisco to a certain
extent. ¦ ': Safe r>; . : :
A sunrise party on Mount Tamalpais
is a novel diversion being enjoyed to
day by a score of happy people. The
quests went up the mountain yester
day and dined at the Tavern and rose
early this morning to behold the sun
rise — a decided departure from their
usual hour of rising.
Those present were: Mrs. J. M.
Henry. Miss Gertrude Dutton, Miss
Malita Pease, Miss Helen de Young,
Miss Dillon, Mr. and Mrs. Runyan;
Mr. and Mrs. Hiram Smith, Mr. and
Mrs. George Sperry. Captain Emerson
Warfield. Baron von Horst, Lieuten
ant Fuchs, Burbank Somers, Mr.
Zelle and Walter G. Ross of New
York.
Mrs. Thomas Porter Bishop gave the
most novel affair of the season last
night. It was a "folly dinner," at which
only the fair sex were invited. Not that
it is passing strange to identify women
with affairs of folly, for good, sound
sense in either sex is something of a
rarity, but it is difficult to understand
why the hostess eliminated men. They
are not used to being left out, and on
this occasion were dying to know^vhat
the women were going to wear. Abso
lute license was given every guest in
the matter of dress. She was to wear
a costume representing anything on
this mundane sphere, man, the animal,
not excepted. There was no end of se
crecy surrounding the arrangements,
as all guests wished to surprise each
other.
Latter day hostesses are ever on the
<;ui vive for some novel sort of enter
tainment. Luncheons will do for the
debutante, who expresses herself as
having "the time of her life" at every
one: but for the guest of honor from
out of town and the full-fledged society
matron inclined to be blase and who
thinks there is nothing new under the
Fun, something must be marked very
special to interest her.
The easiest thing for the hostess to
do upon the arrival of a friend from
out of town i6 to give a small tea,
sending out her own visiting card, on
•which is written. "To meet Mrs. "
and the date and hour when they will
t>e at home. This renders it possible for
ihe truest of honor to choose for her
friends from among the number, al
though one says so little at a tea that
it is difficult for any one to be an
other's Columbus. She usually accepts
them because her hostess does, and
takes chances upon discovering that
they have an idea or two afterward. -
Particularly this season are San
Francisco hostesses striving to depart
from the '"beaten path," and cheerfully
task their wits to devise new attrac
tions in entertaining.
• * j- • •
The engagement Is announced of Miss
Anita Clair Walsh and John Talbot
Tyner of New York.
Walter Grant Ross of New York Is
one of the latest additions to society
and a most agreeable one. He haa
made brief visits to this city, on pre
vious "occasions, but will remain
through the present winter, if not per
manently. He is a warm friend of
Philip Paschel, whose geniality and
musical ability have brought him great
popularity.
Mr. and Mrs. Chester I* Hovey will
give a large reception next Thursday
evening in honor of their son and his
wife, Mr. and Mrs. Chester Hovey, who
have Just returned from one of their
wedding trips. They will leave within
a week for another trip and will travel
extensively before returning to the city
to reside.
The bride was Miss Grace Garoutte.
daughter of Judge and Mrs. Garoutte.
and is charmingly bred. The Hovey-
Garoutte wedding In Berkeley on the
21st of last month was a very pretty
and exclusive affair. Richard Hovey Is
engaged in business with father,
who has extensive lumber interests.
ing her debut this season at
Shanghai under the " v chaperonage
of . ¦ her aunt, Mrs. James F.
Fearon, who was before her marriage
Miss Emily Talbot. The Fearons took
Miss Bally home with them on their
return from Europe, stopping at Yoko
hama, where they were entertained at
the United States legation. Miss Bally
spent some happy childhood days at
the legation when her uncle, John F.
Swift, was United States Minister, and
a second visit would be full of pleasant
memories.
Miss Bally is very clever and charm
ing and will certainly be a favorite
with the entire American colony. She
graduated with honors at the Univer
sity of California last May and holds
a decree of bachelor of letters. We
would have been proud to number her
among our winter buds in this city,
but will probably see ncthing of her
until next autumn.
When the Fearons remove to New
York City Mr. Fearon will give up his
commission in China to accept the vice
presidency of a banking corporation.
THE .- SAN : FRANCISCO -GALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 6; 1903
NOVELTY THE FEATURE OF
PRESENT SOCIAL FUNCTIONS
20Continued on Page 22, Column 2.
Wants County Act Ratified.
.jHONOLUIiU, Dec. . 5.— F. M.^ Hatch
sailed: on the steamer China to-day for
San-< Francisco, en route' to Washington,
where he '~,wi!l -: seek to have ' Congress
ratify the county act.' . .
MADRID, Dec. B.— The new Cabinet
is constituted as follows: Senor Maura,
Premier; Senor San Pedro, Minister for
Foreign Affairs; Senor Toca, Minister
of Justice; General Linares, Minister of
War; Senor Fernandez, Minister of
Marine; Senor Oama, Minister of
Finance; Senor Sanchez Gaerra, Min
ister of the Interior; Senor Dominguez
y: Paschia, Minister of Public Indus
try; Conde de Allende de Salazar, Min
ister of Public .Works. - •
Spain's New Cabinet.
CANNON NAMES COMMITTEES.
House .Adjournment Merges Extra
Into Regular Session.. *
WASHINGTON, Dec. 5. — Speaker
Cannon to-day completed the organ
ization of the House by announcing
the remainder of the committees, so
when the House reconvenes on Mon
day it will be ready to proceed at once
with regular legislation. . At the re
quest of Williams, the minority lead
er, an hour was given for general de
bate, during the course of which De
Continued to Page 22, Column 5.
Steamer Carries Largest Number of
Passenger^ That Ever Sailed From
' . New England Metropolis.
IJOSTON, X Dec 5. — The steamer
Romance, whi^h sailed from the Do
minion line d<&kV to-day for Medit
erranean ports.Vcarried 1588 steerage
I^astengers, saldAto be the 'greatest
number ever taKcn on an. outward
tuound steamer* froen Boston.
NEW YORK,". Dec. -5. — The steam
ships Finland,. Prefepria and Etruria,
which sailed for Europe to-day, car
ried 1400 passengeri\ crowding to the
limit the capacity or^ the vessels , for
this class of tra nglt?MM|jKBBMB
OCEAN KUTEK ROMANCE
BR3ASS BOSTON RECORD
Wiju was selected . by , the . United
States as a prospective port . instead of
Yongampho because, 'lying/ forty miles
above the latter, port, which/is at the
mouth of the Yalu River,' the. country
within that limit - will likewise ; be open
to traffic and neutralized, and.a,sub
stantial grain in, the extent of the mar
ket afforded. The United States j naval
officers at first decided upon Tunglaio
as the second Manchurian\ port; after
Moukden, to.be opened, but -it .appears
that Japan had previously, made the
same demand and; had secured its 'al
lowance In her treaty with: ChlnaV' so
that, a request .from .the -United- States
was unnecessary, and ' Antung was
chosen instead. But the, naval; officers'
who examined the -reach of -the Yalu
River, on which Antung lies on the Chi-'
nese'side; found; that' its positionfstrat
egically "and from' a trade point of view
LONDON;.. Dec- 51— A' dense . fog is
impeding shipping in Southampton
waters., Steamers are unable to either
enter" or leave -the port. fc The sailing of
the 'American line' steamer ( New York
was delayed thereby.— The tog in Lon
don' during " the> early •" hours was the
thickest of the' season, .locomotion was
rriosf ' difficult^ and there we're a num
ber of casualties through collisions in
the streets.* r The ¦ inconvenience was"
accentuated by the failure. of the elec
tric .light system.^ in < some
Buckingham '(Palace' > and - tKeV-whqle
district of : Pirnlicb ; .. were .* plunged * in
darkness: Through this ; cause;, many
shops had ; to" be ,' closed. ; The authori
ties ; started ; flare lights': in ithe streets,
thereby adding : to .the weirdness "of the
general gloom. > Trains were! much'de
layecT and ': outside -work ; had to ° be
stopped'in many, places. "
Streets Axe Dark' and Steamers Are
Unable to Leave • Southamp- .
• ton' Waters. "
SHIPPING OBSTRUCTED
.BY ENGLISH FOOS
SEOUL. Korea, Dec. 5.— United States
Minister Allen' had a long interview
with the Emperor of Korea to-day on
the subject of the request of Jhe United
States for the opening to the commerce
of the world of the. Korean (.port-, of
Wiju, on the Yalu River. No 'definite
decision was arrived at. The Govern
ment has been placed In a dilemma by
the demand of the United States. .
Minister Allen Presses America's Re
quest for Opening I of Wiju.
VISITS KOREA'S EMPEROR.
SAN BERNARDINO, ( Dec. 5.— The
streets of ; San Bernardino- this ; morn
ink .looked as though a volcano had
"been d6ing business. in this -. vicinity.
During the night "the, Jiigh, north wind
carried the ashes from the forest fires
to the city and early this morning they
were still falling. The fire which has
.caused such an immense amount of
damage is still raging, it is
thought to be under control.
¦ As near as can be estimated at this
time about 500 square "miles have been
burned *bver and -the' loss, --.-Including
the Brodkings lumber yards," will reach
$250,000." the loss oh * the lumber alone
being $100,000, but this is paritally cov
ered "by Insurance. .
• SAN DIEGO, Dec. 5.— During -the
past two exceedingly dry days Escon
dldo has: lost, much by fire. The 'flume
line of the Escbndido Irrigation district
was burned In several places and there
being no .water In. the' flume the fire" ran
along it unimpeded. ' Two'or three tres
tles went . with the rest, ; and the' total
damage - to , the flume Js estimated , at
from ; $8000: to r $10,000;
Forest. 'Fire -¦ is . Under- Control, but
.¦¦;:¦ the Lumber Loss Is ,
-•5'--.-: ¦' . v,i "Heavy. ; Vv^
WIND SHEDS .ASHES
' ' H ON SAN BERNARDINO
HELENA, Mont., Dec. 5.— For . the
first time since the eighth Legislature
of Montana- convened in extra session
to consider the passage of j the "fair
trial" bills, which would have th'e ef
fect of taking the big mining litigation
In progress : between Helnze and the
Amalgamated Copper Company' out of
the courts of Butte, which are alleged
to be partial to Helnze, the Helnze fac
tion of the Legislature showed Its hand
to-day, when John MacGInnlss,
Heinze's leader In the House, occupied
the floor for several hours.
The House, over strenuous objection
by theHeinz'e faction, led by John
MacGinniss, the representative from
Silver Bow County, and president of
Heinze's company, passed two "fair
trial" bills. One is known as Self's
change of venue bill, providing for a
change of Judge when Dy the filing
of affidavits, bias or prejudice is shown.
The other is known as the Duggan bill,
relating to the disqualification of
Judges.
Amendment after amendment was in
troduced by MacGinniss, tending to
change the tenor of the bills' in his fa
vor and it was 6 o'clock to-night be
fore the bills were finally paseed. It is
believ« that they will pass the Senate
within three days. Helnze is beaten^in
the Legislature and his next move will
be v watched- with interest.
Special Dispatch to Tfc» Call.
Every effort has been made to main
tain secrecy regarding these- war ¦'ship
ments.- Exceptionally 'well-Informed
persons here believe; that despite the
warlike activity the measures takenafe
chiefly precautionary, *and". they express
little ' doubt ot g an : ultimate ; amicable
settlement >tmless hostilities •^are'l' pre
cipitated by some unexpected ' move "on
the part of Japan. • ' t \ . . •
¦ COPENHAGEN, Dec. 5.— The ships of
the East Danish Company, which has a
number of vessels under . the Russian
flag and is -connected .with the French
East Asiatic Company, are carrying
unusually t large cargoes of ammunition
and other war supplies to Russian
ports^in Asia. .The -last steamer of this
line leaving Russian .Baltic ports . prior,
to. the close i of has ! Just
tailed, loadedMb her 'fullest capacity
Hereafter the ; shipping will be from
Odessa, from which port the Danish
company ¦';¦ is prepared " to transport
troops. . _ *
Danish Ships Under Russian" Flag
Are Transporting Munitions. :? :
CARGOES OF WAR SUPPLIES.
Fair Trial Bills
Pass Montana
House.
• The object of the experiments Is to
show that United States soldiers can
be fed on 5 cents a meal and that for
that Euni they can be given good, well
cocked food and at the same time
economy In the department can be
practiced. The commissary officials
believe a eoldler can subsist on this
amount and be properly fed. The
tests .will begin on Monday and con
tinue three days. Durins this time
the workmen will be kept at their
routing tasks and there will be no
chirking. ;
Major Bean is one of the most en
thusiastic chief commissaries of the
army and is full of ideas. Economic
al buying\ is his hobby. During the
tests he Will have a special table for
guests, where meals costing 10 cents
will be served, which, he says, will be
equal to tjie ordinary 60-cent meals.
OH AHA, Neb., Dec. 5. — Ten ro
bust laborers will exist half of next
week ob meals costing 5 cents, sup
plied by the Government, In an at
tempt to show that hard labor can
be performed on this fare.
Major W. H. Bean, chief commis
sary of the Department . of the Mis
souri, is conducting the experiment,
and Trtll have full charge of the meals
and of the men. The test will take
place In the Government corral in this
city end will be watched by army of
ficer* throughout the ? country. The
ten men were selected from among
the rustlers and general workmen of
the commissary department, and all
ar« retired soldiers. The experiments
will not be conducted In secrecy, nor
trill any intimidation be resorted to.
Bjwdil Dispatch to The Cail
FOLLOWERS
OF HEINZE
ARE BEATEN
Government Try
ing Experiment
in Economy.
PROVIDENCE, R. I., Dec. 5. — Rep
resentative clergymen of Rhode Island,
headed by the Right Rev. W. W. Mc-
Vlckar, Episcopal Bishop, : who have
been endeavoring for years to have the
State; divorce law amended, have en
'tered into an agreement regarding the
mfctter of nmrrying divorced persons.
Out of 650 clergymen in' the State more
than 200 have agreed to make it as
difficult as " possible' for divorced . per
sons to remarry and to treat all ques
tions of marriage and divorce in such
a way as to advance interdenomina
tional comity. Of the number signing
the agreement, sixty-three ministers
will - refuse -to marry a person of an
other than their own,
who have been "divorced, and who
could not marry again according to the
ecclesiastical laws of that denomina
tion; ij eighteen agree, not to marry a
'person who has 7 been divorced for any
cause* In cases where divorce has
been granted for" uhfaithfulnes, 115
ministers' declare ' they will only
solemnizethe marriage of the'innocent
*.• : '. .• ' -..r . ','-.' • j, \ .
" Nearly all the, denominations in the
State are- represented. * . v ¦
Remarry.
Clergymen Agree to Make Trouble
for Those Who Would
BARRIERS TO DIVORCEES
. " . . IN RHODE ISLAND
MEMBERS' OF COMMISSION
THAT- WILL REORGANIZE
THE CHINESE ARMY.
Prince Ching continues optimistic on
the subject of the restoration of Man
churia. He tells the officials here . that
the Czar favors its evacuation,: and,
although Admiral Alexie/f desires its
annexation, the Czar, according to
Prince Ching. will, overrule him. Ching,
with other Chinese officials, is appre
hensive of the results of the British
advance in Thibet. The native press
fears it Is a step toward partition w^ilch
the- other powers may- Imitate.
1 Reports from Mukden say. numbers
of Russian- citizens are j settling there.
The new Jaotai of Mukden,, who was
appointed to succeed "the Taotai who
was withdrawn after the. recent occu
pation of that city by -the Russians,
remains at Peking, fearing 'to go to
his POSt.\ ' • . .¦¦¦¦¦. ;•;': .-¦-¦'¦' -
While the edict^ indicates that the
Dowager Empress'has some apprecia
tion of her country's needs, there -Is
no reason to expect greater results
than from the recent similar de
crees relative to financial, educational
and other reforms. Yuan Shi Kai Is
the only member of the committee who
is competent to undertake the work,
but he, like Prince Ching, Is overbur
dened with other offices... .. •¦ -
PEKING, Dec. 5.— An edict issued
to-day appoints Prince Ching, . the
grand secretary; Ytfan Shi Kai, the
Governor of Chili province, and a Man
chu official to be a committee to reor
ganize" the armies of all the Chinese
provinces on a national basis, with sim
ilar arn^ equipments and organiza
tion. . '
TIENTSIN, China, Dec. 5.— Yuan Shi
Kai, the Governor of Chili province,
received a telegram from the throne
to-day promoting him • to the entire
command of the imperial army and
navy, the highest rank in China.
CHINA'S WAR PREPARATIONS.
Provincial Annies to Be Reorganized
on a National Basis.
FIVE-CENT
MEALS FOR
ARMY MEN
; HAMBURG, Dec. 5.— A terrific
snowstorm and a dense fog prevails on
the North Sea and a number of ship;
ping casualties have occurred. The
Dutch steamer Aliwan, from -La
Rochelle for Rotterdam, foundered
and her crew perished.
. Thes>e are the only clews so far ob
tained and nothing is known of the
ship.'in these waters, though it prob
ably.iwill be; possible to . identify . her
when the sea -becomes smooth.,*;: .-'
•'The .vessel '. struck at the -foot of a
steepcliff.arid hung on; the rocks for a
short period. /Residents of the vicinity
were unable to assist the unfortunate
crew, as. no> boat-could live in the sea
which', was running" where' the' doomed
craft lay. >' - . .- , ' ;,
ST. JOHNS, Newfoundland, Dec. 5.
An unknown, square-rigged vessel, be
lieved to be a Norwegian craft, struck
on Ferryland^ Head, near Cape Race,
during "a~ furious storm at midnight
last night and- every person aboard
perished. One body was washed ashore
this morning, but bore nothing which
could possibly lead to its identification
except a gold ring, marked with the
initials, "J. E." Portions of the wreck
also drove ashore, bearing the letters,
"Torens," "Levekapsy," "Bestr" and
"Kukal.". *
It seems possible that the complex
questions Involved may require the de
cision : of" the Attorney General.
All of the new nominations, includ
ing army and navy and civil appoint
ments, made by President Roosevelt
during the extra session, and which
have not been. confirmed by the Sen
ate, will have to be renewed at tne reg
ular session. It is expected that these
nominations will be retransmitted by
the. President on Monday next.
At the War Department the- officials
are not quite clear in their minds as
to the exact status of the military offi
cers, whose nominations have failed of
confirmation. There is a disposition to
take the point of view that, between
the expiration of the present session
and the beginning of the regular ses
sion, there will necessarily be an ap
preciable but small period of time when
there is .no session and during which
Congress is technically In recess, and
that it will be within the power of the
President at any time after Monday
next toniake recess appointments to
continue during the session, unless oth
erwise disposed of. The officials are
not united yet In their view upon this
point, but the new nominations which
are now being, made out at,, the War
Department to replace those which
lapsed are all to be dated as to the
time the vacancy ocurred.
While no official representation has
been made by the Senate to the House,
several informal* conferences have
been held between the Republican Sen
ators an<t Speaker Cannon. In these
the Speaker has said that the House
has no. authority over executive ap
pointments or confirmations, and that
if the creation of a recess was neces
sary to take care of these matters the
Senate should have taken official ac
tion looking to adjournment of the
special session. In the absence of such
a.movement, the Speaker said, he could
not Interfere In any. way with th^e ex
piration of the extra session by con
stitutional limitation. \
MUST RENEW NOMINATIONS.
Among the civil appointments affect
ed is that of Dr. Crum, the negro, as
Collector of Customs at Charleston, S.
C. Crum is serving under a recess ap
pointment. The effect of the adjourn
ment Is to - vacate his position. Cram's
recess appointment has thus been ter
minated. As the situation in the Sen
ate has been such that his confirma
tion has been despaired of, the collect
orship of the port of Charleston will
remain vacant until the expiration of
the next session, unless the President
selects some one else for this place and
the nomination is confirmed by the
Senate.
DR. CRUM LOSES POSITION.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 5.— By the
manner of adjourning the House to
day the extra session of the Fifty
eighth Congress will expire by con
stitutional limitation on Monday.
when the regular session will begin.
This eliminates the possibility 'of the
President renewing his civil and mili
tary appointments. Such appoint
ments as have not been confirmed by
the Senate during the extra session
must be renewed simply in the form of
nominations, which. In effect, are but
recommendations, and do not become
effective in any case until confirmed by
the Senate.
In effect, this action will r.ednce Gen
eral Leonard Wood from his present
tank of major general, to which the
Senate has not confirmed him, to the
rank of brigadier general, which he
held prior to August S last. It also
will reduce In like manner 1S7 army
officers who were promoted to fill the
vacancies caused by the promotion o£
General Wood.
would be vastly improved were Wiju,
on the opposite side of the river, (neu
tralized by being made a free port, and
this was the object of Minister Allen's
visit to the.Emperop of Korea to-day. '
A' careful examination developed the
fact' that I the package ' which arrived
here-was. not the one which left Win
nipeg, but a carefully prepared dupli
cate of j it, so far -as outward appear
ances went. Detectives started to work
at . both , ends „ of the line and . they
found -:that somewhere on the train
between Winnipeg and Vancouver the
package was stolen and the prepared
one substituted. -, Where this substitu
tion took place no can tell so far.
The bank will lose nothing, for the
package was insured for its full value.
No record was kept of the members of
the. notes, for they were all of 'small
denomination, and , the thieves will
.have no difficulty in getting. rid of
them. ' - •¦; •-" . .. •
Vancouver; b. c, Dec. 6.— News
of the robbery of $10,500 in new. notes
of the -Bank* of<. Hamilton leaked out
to-day in Vancouver. The theft is a
mystery and the railway mail service
detectives are now no nearer a solu
tion than they were wtien they started
to work three days ago.
. The notes were sent from Winnipeg
in a > registered . package. They were
in five, ten and twenty dollar bills —
new, crisp and freshly cut. Two bank
officials in Winnipeg are witnesses to
each other that they placed the money
in the package. .
Qn Wednesday it' arrived', in . Van
couver and was duly delivered to .the
manager of the * Bank' 1 - of . Hamilton
here^/The sensation came when it .was
opened/ 1 * The labels were^apparsnjtly
official and the fastenirigVuecut^pBut
inside, instead of; there "being bank
notes, there; was Sni a' roll of , brown
paper. :. ; -. .- .„••¦» .t. **•"?¦¦ ','¦ .- '¦-¦
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Vancouver Detectives Baffled
by the Skillful -Work ;•
. of Criminals- \S
The suggestions which have been
made as- to legislation are very care
fully guarded. It Is not expected that
the ' President recommends any radical
legislation regarding trusts, but there
will ' be laid " before Congress a very
full statement, as to the .condition of
the State ana-Federal laws. As no ef
fort, has yet been made to obtain from
corporations . the secrets of their busi
ness and capitalization the President
probably will ask" for change in the
laws creating- the new Department of
Commerce and Labor." V
It Is understood among those % who
have been, acting in an < advisory ca
pacity- to ,the ; President that no new
onslaught on corporations contem
plated. What will -be suggested In the
future will depend entirely upon 'the
facts • brought out by the Bureau of
Corporation^; of the Department of
Commerce and Labor when it sets into
full 5 operation. This bureau . was cre
ated for the purpose of obtaining facts
which should be communicated to the
President and the information so com-
All of these things made It fitting
that the President should state his po
sition, which is not one of hostility to
either business or. Industry, but rather
of friendliness to both classes, so long
as they work within the laws and treat
each other fairly^ and lawfully.
LAWS i REGULATING TRUSTS.
The treatment of this great subject
is expected to form a very large part
of the message. It will be recalled that
the President laid down in the dispute
which arose in the bindery of the Gov
ernment Printing Office the principle
that, while labor organizations had the
right to exist among Government em
ployes, those organizations \ had no
right to put their rules above the laws
of the land and that no man could be
excluded from the' Government service
because he did or did not belong to a
labor union. -r , . . - "
The events of the last year bearing
on the right of labor to boycott and
intimidate and the rights of corpora
tions to annul laws on ' the statute
books gave the President an excellent
opportunity. to discuss questions which
are uppermost in' the minds' of every
business man and every labor leader
In the United States.
NEW YORK, Dec. 5.— The Herald
has the following from Washington:
President's Roosevelt's message, which
will be sent to Congress at the begin
ning of the regular session on Monday,
is understood to be a very long docu
ment and discusses with great detail
questions of government which the ex
ecutive has considered during the last
twelve months* The most interesting
thing in it is the treatment of the Isth
mian canal question. The President
meets this subject' with characteristic
boldness. "He justifies his course and
the policy of the administration. The
United States not only had obligations
to perform under the treaty with New
Granada in keeping peace on the isth
mus and providing for open and unin
terrupted traffic across the neck of land,
but it had a greater duty on i.ie higher
ground, that this Government is the
trustee of -the world for the isthmus.
i The President's message is couched
in language which leaves no doubt that
'he? regards, what has happened as final
and there* Is no. suggestion of retrac
ing the steps which have been taken.
NO; INTRIGUE WITH PANAMA.
¦There-^'isin the message, so Senators
whd" have read 'it say, much that re
minds them of the query that Mr. Me-
Kinley made when he. said that the
flag was floating over the Philippines
and. boldly asked: "Who will haul it
down?"
But in the largest sense is the Pana
ma section of the message a justifica
tion of what has been done by the
United States. .The President will show
that this Government was not parti
ceps criminis to the revolution on the
isthmus; that it knew only as all other
nations, including Colombia, knew that
a revolt might occur; that the Gov
ernment, in accordance with its obli
gations to preserve peace on the Isth
mus, sent a few ships in that general
direction, but that the very fact that
the naval force near at hand was so
small showed that the administration
did not have definite news that a re
volt was actually impending. . '
The President informs Congress that
a treaty has been negotiated with the
new republic of Panama and that it
will be submitted to the Senate for
ratification. > :
RIGHTS OF LABOR UNIONS.
Every Person on
Unknown Craft
Perishes.
House Action Re
duces Rank of
$ General.
PARIS, Dec. 6.— The Rappel pub
lishes this morning a dispatch from St.
Petersburg announcing the massacre
by Boxers of a number of Christians in
the Szechuan province of China,
LONDON, Dec. 6.— Europe awaits
with uneasiness news from Tokio in
regard to the action of the Japanese
Parliament, which met to-day, on the
troubles with Russia. It is not ex
pected at the Japanese Legation here
that definite intelligence in regard -to
the crisis will arrive before ' Tuesday.
The majority of the diplomatic author
ities agree that peace will be preserved
only by a substantial concession on the
part of Russia.
• The British Government Is so con
vinced of the imminence of war be
tween these two countries that several
army officers sailed to-day to act as for
eign military attaches on the Japane'se
side. •
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 5.— Japan
has communicated indirectly with the
Russian Government urging upon it
the desirability - for an \ early response
to the Japanese note regarding affairs
in the Far East on account of ' the por
Htical situation in Toklo, and the For
eign Office here has expressed the opin
ion that the reply will be ready on
Tuesday next." The return to. -.St.. Pe-,
tersburg to-day of Emperor \ Nicholas
will facilitate early action on the docu
ment. .-•"•¦- ' '."'
Registered Package Is
Rifled WMle in
Transit." \
"Open Shop" for
Government's
[Employes.
St. Petersburg Ad
vices Report a
Massacre.
SHIP STRIKES
ON ROCKS IN
FURIOUS GALE
PROMOTION
OF WOOD IS
NULLIFIED
President' Denies
That He Aided
'PcLtlCLtTlCL
Mysterious Th&ft of
a Fortune in
Notes; :
BANK LOSES
THOUSANDS
ON A TRAIN
CHRISTIANS IN SZECHUAN PROVINCE
FALL VICTIMS TO CHINESE BOXERS
' * NEW . YORK, Dec. 6. — The Herald says the President's message. is, one of the longest
in recent years. It contains full justification, from the administration viewpoint, of everything
which was done in connection with the recent revolution on the isthmus, but the administration is
absolved of connivance. The Republic of Panama teas recognized not only to presen-e peace and
to enable us to comply zvith the treaty of -New Granada to secure transit across the isthmus, but
to fulfill our higher obligation to the world to see that the canal zvas constructed.
¦¦¦ /There is a discussion of problems which lie ahead of the new Department of Com
merce'and- Labor. The questions of the relation of capital and labor and. the duties which each
must perform toward government receive attention.
A substantial increase in the navy is recommended* The progress which has been made
in the army tinder Secretary Root comes in for compliiiientary mention.'
MR .ROOSEVELT'S MESSAGE TO CONGRESS WILL DEFEND HIS CANAL POLICY,
DEAL WITH RIGHTS OF UNION LABOR AND URGE STEADY INCREASE OF NAVY
rerecast mad* at San Pran
clsoo for thirty hosrt »^Atmg
mMnijrbC, Seoember 6»
Baa rnaciict and Tlcinlty—
Tatr Staday; Ugh.% norUearttrly
triads. A, C. KcADrc,
BUtrlct rorecastw.
TEB "WEATKEa.
THE THBATEBS.
Alcaaar — "A Poor Xtl*tkm. n
Matinee To-Day. .
Alhambra — Ellery'i Italian
Band.
California. — "Ton Ttrason."
Central— "The Counterfeiter*."
Matinee To-Bay.
Columbia — ""Way Sown East.**
Pischer's — "I. O. U." Matinee
To-Day.
Grand— "For Mother'! Sake."
Matinee To-Day.
Orphetun-— Vaudeville. Matiaee
To-Day. - '
Tne Chutes— Vaudeville. ¦ ¦
PRICE FIVE CENTS
FORTY-EIGHT PAGES— SAN FRANCISCO, , SUNDAY, .'DECEMBER 6, 1903— PAGES . 21 TO 34.
VOLUME XCV— NO. 0.
The San Francisco CallContinued From Page 21, Column 6.
ROOSEVELT'S MESSAGE,
SHARON, Pa., Dec. 5.— Handcuffed
to a man he Is alleged to have defraud
ed out of $800, Gabriel Hossza, the
young foreign banker of Sharon, want
ed for the embezzlement of nearly
$15,000, made his escape from an Erie
train at Blnghamtoni N. T., this morn r
ing. Hossza was arrested in New York
City and Charles Flowers of ; Sharon
was deputized to go after him. Flowers
took with him Frank Espyeach, one of
the'prosecutors of Hossza.
On the return trip ' Flowers hand
cuffed ' the prisoner and Espyeach to
gether in the smoker and he went to the
Pullman' to get some sleep. , When he
awoke this morning' the trainmen told
him the two men had walked to the for
ward '?part of the car as the train
neared Binghamton and jumped off.
No trace of the men has beun found.
Deputy Loses His Man. by Hand
cuffing Him to the Wrong
¦ Person. ¦*¦',
PRISONER AND GUARD
ESCAPE .FROM TRAIN
The blind girls and boys of the State
Institute for the Deaf and the Blind
demonstrated to-night that they can
get up as good an , argument as any
body when it comes right down to it.
The girls particularly were so well
armed with woman's one weapon of
defense that they got the last word in
every time and carried off the prize.
This clash of words between sightless
students was carried, on in .Willard Hall
at the Institute." It was a battle be
tween Willard Hall, the girls' part of
the institute, and Strauss Hall, the
boys' part. The debate had been talked
over for a long time and had. been de
cided many times in private debate be
tween the girl and the boy factions. So
deep was the interest in the result that
the whole of Willard Hall was occu
pied by the students when the first
speaker besan.
The question at issue was, "Resolved,
That the United States should adopt
free trade as its national policy, with
the proviso that free trade be not in
terpreted as excluding tariff for reve
nue only." .Now this was a pretty deep
question to solve, especially for girls,
who are not supposed to be interested
in "free trade" and such things, but ths
debaters spoke fluently upon the sub
ject and handled the various points
with such care as to indicate careful
preparation.
, The affirmative side was presented by
C. M. Caceres, J. F. .Dondero and W.
E. Scurlock;- the negative by Catherine
Morrison, Tillie Morrison and Maude
Hilton. Each speaker was allowed ten
minutes.
The Judges were Max Thelen. E. E.
Wood and Robert L; McWilliams. War
ren. Wilkinson, superintendent of the
school, acted as presiding officer.
The judges awarded the girls the
prize for "the, best presentation, but it
was decided that the boys had the best
arguments.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Dec. 5.
Students at the State
Institute Argue
Free Trade.
SAN JUAN. P. R., Dec. 5.— The strikln*
cigar-makers and the men who remain at work
clashed to-day. Two men were shot, neither
fatally. A riot was narrowly averted.
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 0. — Thomas E. Barrett,
former marshal of the Bt. Ixtuls Court of Ap
peals, wno recently was convicted, with County
Chairman Dolan and Policeman Garrett, of aid-'
ing and abetting naturalization frauds, was
to-day sentenced to five years In the peniten
tiary and fined $1000.- Pending an appeal Bar
rett was released on bonds of $20,000. i ,"
CHICAGO, Dec. 5.—The creation of a
national arbitration tribunal named by
the President, to which shall be sub
mitted all disputes between capital and
labor, is the aim of Volney W. Poster.
He has drawn up a bill, copies of which
have been sent leading business men,
manufacturers and labor leaders, with
a request that they suggest such
amendments as they deem necessary to
make the bill if enacted into law as ef
fective as possible.
The bill provides for a commission of
six members, at a salary of $3000 a
year, with the Secretary of Commerce
and Labor as an ex-offlclo member and
chairman. The members are not to ac
cept perquisites aside from their sala
ries under a penalty of a fine of $3000,
two years* imprisonment or both.. The
headquarters of the tribunal are to be
in 'Washington. .
The proposed bill provides that the
tribunal determine all cases, either In
the affirmative or negative, on tijte
claims of both parties. It also provides^
that there shall be no strike or lockout ,
pending the Investigation, and both
parties to the controversy are to?re
sume and continue their former Rela
tions. This condition is to remain/until
a decision has been rendered. /
There, will be no sensational dis
closures in the annual message. The
great work which Secretary Root has
performed in placing the army on its
present footing, so that, to use the
words of one of the best military ex
perts of the country, "we have an
army in time of peace of 60,000 men and
an army In time of war of 176,000, which
can be increased to 300,000 with the
right sort of machinery behind it," will
come in for a word of praise from the
President.
There will be a recommendation for
a further and steady Increase of the
fighting strength of the navy. The ar
guments in favor of this, however, will
be left largely to the Secretary of the
Navy, whose report was published to
day, and the department arguments in
Congress.
Financial legislation will not be spe
cifically recommended. This subject
will be commended to Congress with a
view to arriving at some agreement as
to the needs of the banks and the busi
ness world!;
The postal' frauds will be touched
upon only in a general • way. The
President comments on the Bristow re
port having covered the ground so far
as the situation at this time seemed to
warrant. The recommendation by
Messrs. Bonaparte and Conrad as to ex
tending the statute of limitations to
five years, however, will be made to
Congress.
munlcated was first to be used as a
basis of recommendation for additional
legislation and might be made public
at the discretion of the President.
ROME,- Dec. 5. — Senor Gutierez
Ponce, the Colombian Minister to the
Vatican, after long interviews with
Cardinal Merry del Val, the Papal Sec
retary of State, and other prominent
Cardinals, is about to leave Rome
without having obtained from t*ie
Vatican the support for 'Colombia
which he expected.
Colombia Fails at Vatican.
"Proofs of Immortality" will be the
subject of Dr. Alexander J. Mclvor-
Tyndall's psychic discourse to-night at
Steinway Hall. Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall
will deal with convincing manifesta
tions of the existence after death of the
individual soul, and may be relied upon
to give some particularly interesting
information anent the much discussed
question of individual immortality.
This question is one that materialistic
science has yet to deal with, and it Is
being agitated on all Fides during the
present revival of interest In psychic
science. In addition to the lecture,
which will undoubtedly attract an im
mense audience, there will be an enter
taining and xnyEtif ying programme of
psychic manifestations.
Individual Immortality.
Volney W. Poster Sug
gests Board of Na
tional Arbitration.
PROPOSES PLAN
TO END STRIKE
BLIND GIRLS WIN
DEBATING PRIZE
expenditures in the TVar- Department — War
nock.
: Expenditures In tho Xavy Department —
Greene of Massachusetts.
Expenditures In the Postofflce Department —
"Wanger. , • '
Expenditures In the Interior Department-
Minor.
Expenditures fn the Department of Justice —
Calderhead.
Expenditures. In the Department of Agri
culture — Wright. ' "
Expenditures on Public Lands — Hughes • of
"West Virginia.
The committees previously announced
are Ways and Means, Rules and Mile
age and Accounts.
The prisoners all were born in the
interior of Colombia and have been
upon the isthmus for. years. -.They .were
members of the Colombian battalion
which gave its support to the new Gov
ernment when the republic was formed
and which was commanded by General
Huertas. They all took the oath of al
legiance to the new republic and con
tinued to serve in the army. One of
them is a colonel named Ferrol, two
are majors, and the fourth is the ad
jutant general of General Huertas.
They declare that the charge that they
were engaged in a' conspiracy is the
work of personal enemies.
COLON, DeC. 5.— Through a letter the
Panama Government . has discovered
what is alleged to have been a plot
against the life of .General Huertas,
commander-in-chlef of the forces of
the republic of Panama, and an effort
on the part of a few army officers to
persuade the garrison at Panama to
revolt. If such a plot really existed it
was promptly nipped in the bud by the
apprehension this morning at Panama
of four alleged conspirators, who were
immediately brought . under guara to
Colon and shipped herice :- to Port Ll
mon.
Alleged Attempt to Incite Revolt of
Panama's Garrison.
PLOT AGAINST HUERTAS.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 5. — Senator
Hanna to-day authorized the press to
state that at last night's conference
the President and himself "discussed
a number of things political." .While
they differed on the subject of the
confirmation of General Wood, there
was no misunderstanding between
them ana; nothing;, indicating a break
in their relations, such as haa been
rcportea.
It can be said that at last night's
conference only ; incidental reference
was made to matters of concern to
the Republican National Committee.
The • statement that Senator Hanna
has, not determined definitely. whether
he . would be willing to retain, the
chairmanship of the committee or not
is strictly accurate. It probably will
be several months before the necessity
for a final decision will arise. - Mean
time the question will remain in abey
an.ee. ' j Vi:*'\^\ ~
As. to Perry S. Heath's connection
with the committee as secretary, it is
understood the President does not
care to assume a position. Heath is
an officer of the committee and the
Presiaent thinks the committee amply
qualified to . take care of its own af
fairs without suggestion from him.
The national committee which will
direct the next Presidential campaign
will not be selected until the Repub
licans of the country meet in national
convention next summer. That com
mittee will -select its own officers. It
is decided that Heath, in any event,
will not be a candidate again for sec
retary of the committee. • .
GRIDIRON CLUB
JESTS AT FAME
WASHINGTON, Dec. 5. — The Grid
iron Club entertained more than 160
guests at its December dinner in the
Arlington Hotel to-night. The even
ing was replete with unique features,
in which public events and the alleged
ambitions and aspirations of states
men were made subjects of. burlesque
and good natured ridicule. The ini
tiation of three new members afforded
an opportunity to picture the inside of
a newspaper office,. In which the staff
discussed methods »of interviewing
many of the guests present. , The . re
public.of Panama suddenly appeared
at the,. -dinner. and was recognized by
the Republican elephant, amid brays
of the Democratic donkey. The Grid
iron Club flying machine was brought
in and a number of prominent guests
were given an »opportunity to test it,
the course being to the White House,
but all met with a mishap before
reaching the goal, .^^v-
Moving, pictures illustrated some re
cent, events, political and social. A
New York policeman appeared and
hung a red light directly over the
place where Leader Murphy of Tam
many and Mayor-elect McClellan were
sitting. . There were a number of
brilliant and witty speeches and the
evening was interspersed with topical
songs.
Amid the festivities the lights were
turned down and large pictures -of
William E. Annin and Hubbard T.
Smith, members who died during the
past year, were thrown upon a screen,
and a short and impressive eulogy was
delivered by Major John M. Carson,
in which reference was made to .the
fact that Annin was once- president of
the club and Smith one of its valued
musical members. The pictures fad
ed away and as the club sang. one of
Smith's songs the lights again flashed
and the mirth proceeded.
Among the guests present were Sen
ator Warren, Representative Mondeil,
J. A. Breckons of Wyoming, Charles
S.. Gleed of Topeka, Kas., and F. M.
Murphy and N. O. Murphy of Arizona.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 5.— General
Ratael Reyes, the special Minister from
Colombia, practically initiated his mis
sion when, with Dr. Herran, he called
upon President Roosevelt at the White
House to-day and told him why he had
come to Washington. The presenta
tion took place in the blue parlor,
where all regular Embassadors and
Ministers are received,, but the Presi
dent infused so much cordiality into
his greeting, that this occasion was a
little out of the ordinary. There was
no. exchange of formal speeches,
though the Colombians were prepared
to do so in case of < need. Instead the
President greeted General Reyes ; in
formally as 'a former acquaintance,
having met him when the general was
visiting the United States some time
ago. Instead of standing to receive his
callers, -as Is the case in ordinary diplo
matic presentations, the President
himself sat down and invited General
Reyes to a seat beside him: "
The two then entered upon an ani
mated conversation, which touched on
some notable exploits In -General
Reyes' life, with which the ; President
seemed to be more or less familiar, and
gradually drifted around to the sub
ject of General Reyes' mission; There
was no definite proposition advanced
by the Colombians, for the President
intimated that the. Panama problem
was a matter with which the State De
partment alone <Jould properly • deal.
The conversation on this point closed
with an understanding that General
Reyes, who now regards his mission as
duly launched, should hereafter make
any representations respecting Panama
that he cared to broach to Secretary
Hay. Nevertheless there was Just
enough intimation in- the President's
talk to make his callers aware that he
saw little prospect of being able to
meet their wishes.
Intimates That Bogota's Rep
resentative Is on Hope
less Mission.
Fight Over General's Promo
tion Oauses^No Break Be
tween Them/
President Gives Colom
bian a Cordial Re
ception.
Hanna rf and - the Presi
dent'in Accord Except
as to Wood.
Military Affairs— Hull, Keteham. -Parker.
Capron, Steven*", Dick, Mondeil, Each, Prince,
Holliday, Young. Sulzer, Hay, Slayden; Brous
sard, Mahoney, Denny, ,McGuire.
Naval Affairs — Foss, Dayton, Loudenslager,
Butler of -Pennsylvania, Mudd, Cousins, Rob
erts, Vreeland, Brick, Brandegee, Loud, Meyer,
Tate, Rixey, William W. Kltchin, Vandlver,
Wadell.
Postof flees and Post. Roads — Overstreet,
Gardner of New Jersey, ' Speery, Hedge, Slb
ley, Snapp, Goebel, Steenerson.. Stafford. Dar
raerh, Murdoch, Moon of Tenneiisee, Grlggs,
Cowherd, Wilson of New York, Kluttz, Ka
lanianoale.
Public Lands — Lacey,- Mondeil, Miller, Need
ham, Martin, Fordney, Volsted, Dixon, Knopf,
Shlras, McCarthy, Shafroth, Griffith, Burnett,
Foster of Illinois. Rucker, Glass. Rodey. ,
Indian Affairs — Sherman, Curtis, Lacey,
Marshall. Brown, Burke, Knapp, Hermann,
Buckman, Hlnshaw, Hogg, Stephens, Zenor,
Fitzgerald, Dougherty, AlCAndrews, Reid.
Rodey.
Territories — Hamilton.' Brock, Capron, South
wick, Powers of Maine, Jackson of Maryland,
Spaldlng. Lllley, Sterllne, Moon of Tennessee,
Lloyd, Robinson of Maryland, Thayer, • Rus
sell. Reid, McGuire, Wilson of Arizona.
'Insular Affairs — Cooper of Wisconsin, Taw
i>ey. I Crumpacker, Hamilton, Olmstead, Smith
of Illinois, Warnock, Needham. Sutter. Man
ning, Kinkald, Jones of Virginia, Maddox,
Williams of Illinois, Patterson of Tennessee,
Robinson of Indiana, Hill of Mississippi.
Public Buildings and Grounds — Glllett of
New York. Bartholdt. Burlelgh, Howell of New
Jersey, Conner. Martin. Minor, Rodenburg.
Norris, Bankhead. Brantley, Thomas of North
Carolina, Miers, Shephard, Scarborough.
Labor — Gardner of New Jersey. Bartholdt,
McCall, ¦ Vreeland, Foster of Vermont, Conner,
Spaldlng. Goebel, Caldwell, Gilbert, Maddox.
Hearst. Husrhes of New Jersey.
Militia — DIok, Hull. Galnes of West Vir
ginia. Smith of Illinois, Steenerson. Ames,
Smith of Pennsylvania, Crowley, Ruppert.
Wyley of Alabema. Bassett. Kiliher.
Invalid Pensions — Sulloway, Gibson, Samuel
W. Smith of Michigan, Calderhead, Deemer,
Holliday, Hunter, Bradley, Fuller. Meiers,
Crowley, - Lindsay, Snook, Lucking, Hopkins.
Pensions — Loudtnslager. Patterson of Penn
sylvania. Draper. Campbell, Ames, Brown of
Pennsylvania. Hogg. Longworth, Richardson
of Alabama, Wiley of Alabama. McLaln.
Houston, Croft.
District of Columbia— Babcock, Samuel W.
Smith of Michigan, Allen, Wadsworth, Morrell.
Powers of Massachusetts. Morgan, Slemp. Da
vis of Minnesota. Campbell, Wiley of- New
Jersey. Meyer, Cowherd, Sims, McAndrews,
Pou, Gooch. ¦ ••. , ¦ . - -
Irrigation of Arid Lands — Mondeil. Reeder.
Tyrrell. Dwlght. Marshall. Cooper of Pennsyl
vatilav'WllliamsDn, Underwood. Hitchcock, ' Van
Duzer, Bell of California.
Immigration and Naturalization— Howell of
New Jersey. Adams of Pennsylvania, Skiles,
Douglass. Evans, Gardner: of Massachusetts,
French, Ruppert, Robb, Bonning, Llvernash.
Consuls — Crumpacker, Burleigh.- Huifhea' of
West Virginia, Pearce, Cassel. Dunwell. Ken
nedy, Am^s, Griffith, Hay, Burleson, Patter
son of North Carolina, Robinson of Arkansas.
Library— McCleary, McCall, Conner, Rich
ardson of Tennessee, Howard.
Printing — Charles B. Landla of Indiana. Per
kins, Tatem. - ¦
Industrial Arts and - Expositions — Taw-ney,
Sherman. Gardner of Massachusetts, Gardner
of New Jersey, Bowersock, Rodenberg. Howell
of Utah, Porter, Woodyard. Bartlett, Maynard,
Hamlln, Wynn, Legare, Harrlaon.^-»",',*v-T^'"r
The following are the chairmen of
the less Important committees:
Elections No. I — Mann. ,
Elections No. 2 — Olmstead.
Elections No. 3 — Driscoll. •. .
, Coinage, weights and measures — Southard.
' Railways and canal9 — Davidson.
Manufactures— Sibley.
Mines and mining — Brown of Wisconsin.
Pacific railroads — W. A. Smith of Michigan.
Levees and Improvements of the Mississippi
River — Bartholdt. *
Education — Southwlck.
Patents— Skiles.
Claims — Graff.
War claims— Mahon.
Private land claims— Smith of Illinois.
Revision of the laws— Warner.
Reform in the Civil Service — Gillette.
Election of President. Vice President and
Representatives In Congress — Galnes of West
Virginia.
Alcoholic liquor traffic — Sperry.
Ventilation and acoustics — Bishop.
Expenditures In the. State Department —
Expenditures in the Treasury Department-
Cousins. \\ ,.--'.:» "'•!
Agriculture — Wadsworth, Henry of Conrectl
cut; Wright, Haughen. Bcott, Hasklns, . Graff.
Cromer, Lorimer, Brooks, 'Adams of .Wisconsin,
Lamb, Bowie, Burleson, Lever, Brezeale, Cas
slngham, Rodey. . • • ./---;
I Foreign Affairs— Hitt, Adams of Pennsylva
nia. Cousins. William A. Smith of Michigan,
Charles B. Land is of Indiana. Perkins. Beidler,
Foster of Vermont, Otjen, Capron, Longworth,
Dinsmore, Howard, Burleson, Scudder, Kehoe,
Flood.. , ¦ •
. When the Speaker brought down
the gavel to-day upon. the adoption of
the motion he merely anounced that
the House 'stood adjourned.
The committees -as announced to
day by the Speaker were:
Appropriations — Hernenway, Bln*ham, Van
Voorhis. McCteary. Littauer, Brownlow, Gard
fcer of Mlchlcan. Burkett. Gillette of Massa
chusetts. Smith of Iowa, Marshall. Livingston.
Pierce, Centon, Taylor, Underwood^ Brundtg*.
Judiciary— Jenkins, Parker. Alexander, War-
Mr, LJttlefleld, Thomas of Iowa, Powers of
Massachusetts, Nevlns? Palmer, Pearce, Gil
lette of California, De Armond, Smith of Ken
tucky, Clayton, Henry of Texas, Little, Brant
ley. . • -• ' ¦ • — ¦
Banking and Currency— Fowler, Prince, Cal
derhead, Loverlng, Douglas. Powers of Maine,
Syoldins, McMorun. Weems, McCreary, Dan
iels, Thayer, Lewis Padgett, Bartlett, Thomp
son. Pujo. ¦ -• • - . • - ¦ • -
Interstate and Foreign Commerce — Hepburn,
Sherman. Wanger, Mann, , Loveringr, Stevens.
Burke, Ksch, Cushnian, Kyle, Townsend, Dav
ey Adomson, Shackleford, Kyan, IUchard30n
of Alabama. Lamar of Florida.
; Rivers and Harbors — Burton, Dovener. Bish
op, Achesoa, -Alexander, Laurence. Davidson.
McLachlon, Lcrimer, Jones - of Washington.
Bede. Lester, Bankhead, Sparkman, Ransdell,
Burgess, Humphreys. - . ;.'
Merchant Marine and Fisheries — Grosvenor,
Minor, Greene, Stevens, •" Fordney. Wacbter,
Littlefield, Humphreys, Flack, Blrdsall, Wil
son of Illinois. Spight, Small, Davis. . McDer
mott, Luckinc, Goulden.
Armond (D.) of Missouri ¦ criticized
the numerical representation accorded
the 'minority on the important com
mittees. -' Payne replied on behalf of
the majority. The greater portion of
the time given to debate was devoted
to discussion of the, tariff policy and
its effects. •
LEADERS DIFFER
ON ONE SUBJECT
GENERAL REYES
AT WHITE HOUSE
THE SAN FRANCISCO, GALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 0/ 1903.
Continued From Page 21, Column, 7.
PROMOTION OF WOOD IS HULLIFltD
22
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTisEanarrs. /.
"Keep the feet warm and /bead cool"
Is a household saying that, carried out,
no doubt saves many an Illness. •
If in addition to this youJwiU carry
and take "77" at the' first chOl or shiver
you will keep free from Colds and Grip.
DR. HUMPHREYS' AID3 TO "IT.™
1 for Fevers.' Congestions. /
3 " Teething:. Colic. Crylfisr.
8 " Neuralgia, Toothach/e. Faceaehe.
10 **. Dyspepsia, Indigestion.
14 " Salt Rheum. Erysipelas.
15 '* Rheumatism. Lunibago.
27 " Kidney Diseases.//
30 " Urinary Weaknefie. Wetting Bed.
In small bottles .of /pleasant pellets
that fit the vest pocket. At Druggists'.
25 cents. / |
CTMedlcal Guide dialled free.
Humphreys" Med. Co./ cor. William and JohoA
streets. New York. ./ .
Yet We Will Buy a 50c Bottle and Give It to You.
This company composed of business, germs are vegetables, and an excess of
professional and medical men of ability, oxygen — the very life of an animal — is Goitre— Gout varicoc«ie
paid $100,000 for the vrijrht to make deadly to vegetable matter. \ Gonorrhea— Gleet Women's Diseases
Liquorone. That is the highest price Liquozone is employed in the largest ah diseases that be*in with '•jer r -aii in-
ever paid. for the rights in one country hospitals, and prescribed by the best JSSi^ili^h? rS.it7 oT^lmpu?? 1 *? 0^!,^^
on any scientific discovery. It was paid physicians the world over. It is essen- blood.
by us, after years of experiment with. it. tial in any germ disease, for the; cause °$2?%%n^«?'&
because Liquozone alone can kill inside must be destroyed, and nothing else
germs without killing the tissues, too. can 'do it. Liquozone. then: acts as a r-ri t* *.*.% ¦ r^
Nothing else can destroy the cause of tonic to bring back a condition of per- • OUC DOttIC rPCC.
any germ disease. . f ec t health, for oxygen - is " Nature's -
, greatest tonic. -Its effects' are exhilarat- If you * nccd Liquozone. and have
Liquid Oxygen. ' Sippfff &$&£& liS^ipl
not do without it. * . bn your local druggist for a full-size
Liquozone is simply liquid oxygen-— . bottle, and we will pay your drusr^ist
no drugs, no - alcohol in it. It is the "'rxs' " £»«»<« ° ourselves for it. This is, our free eift.
discovery of Pauli, the Kreat^Germah \jCP1TI LMSCclSCS* made to convince you. to .show you
chemist, who spent 20 years on it. His . what Liquozone 15. and what it can do.
object was to get such an excess of _,. • ¦ • ~ : j^"" ' In justice to yourself, please" accept it
oxygen in staple form into the blood 4 Jhese are the known sterm diseases, to-day, for. it places you under no ob-
that no ierm could live in any mem- All that medicine can do..forthese.trou- ij gat j on whatever.'
brane or tissue." -. . blea isto help r Nature overcome the Liquozone costs 50c and Sr
Liquozone docs that. We spend 14 S""ms, and such results- are ..indirect ¦- ¦ ¦-.-•¦¦¦¦ - ¦ , ...-.-¦
days in making each bottle of it. but and uncertain. Liquozone skills, tne CUT OUT THIS' COUPON
the result is a germicide so certain that S^»'>??^^ for this offer W not ap^ar a^m rm
we publish on every, bottle an offer of suits are- inevitable. 'By destroying -the .£Vtb« blank, and man u t0 the it,uw
$1000 for * a - disease - germ that it can- cause of the trouble it invariably ends, oxone Co.. 221-220 B. Kindest., Chicago.
not kill. ; ; the.disease and forever. . . My diiease is> ......:.....'..„....
Anthma ; - . •¦ " ; l Hay 'Fever — Influenxa- I have never tried Llquoaone, but if you"
,1/111 « 11 - Abscess— Anemia ¦ . Kidney Diseases .... will supply, me »' 60c, , bottle . free > will
KlllS All UCPITIS. Brohchttto . ,; ¦¦:¦;¦ La Grippe take It.
Blood Poi*oa . ' Leucorrhea i
> Brirhfs Disease -Liver Troubles ". ;.. ..."
A— j . i.'ii.' iiMiV - • ¦'¦'• Bowel Troybles Malaria— Neuralgia ,;, /' <¦';•""•-
Any drug that .kills 'Kerms IS a PO1- Coughs— Colds Many Heart Troubles •
son to you and it cannot be taken in- . consumption . . piles— Pn«umonia • • ....•• . i ,. . .
ternally, Medicine never Tdestroys in- 'gfiStSS^. ' c£'t^^^«'T^ '''*''
Side germs. . Liquozone klllS them With Catarrh— Cancer Bkln Diseases .. Give full address— write .plainly.
Oxvtren -a tntiir- tn' vnu—thp ' verv .Dysentery — Diarrhea .Scrofula — Syphilis """"" . m^^T m T
oxygen a tonic to >OU— tne very ¦ D i Mrxt tt^Vropsy ~ Stomach Troubles ¦ Any. physician or hospital not yet, usln*
SOUrce OI Vitality, it kills them because Dyrpepsla Throat Troubles LIqaoxone;wlU b« »ladly supplied for a test.
Scrofula
Makes its presence known
by many signs,— glandular
tumors, bunches in the neck,
cutaneous eruptions, In-
flamed eyelids, sore ears,
catarrh and wasting diseases.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Effects permanent cores;
0OHT PORGET THAT j
ED. EVATT
rOB 72 TEARS WITH T. I.UITDT
Is at 76 Geary St.
V.'.th a. fine stock of Diamonds, Watches,
Jewelry, Cut G'.acs and Solid Silverware.
No mere 60 cer cent profit on goods.
Come ar.d iu>t me and save money.
EVATT 8, HINKLE
76 Geary Street.
OFEW EVEKIITGS.
j|adway*s.
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. - Causes
perfect direction, ccMplet* absorption &£tl
healthful regularity.
l*f r tl-e cure of all tils- nleib uf the Stomacti.
Liver. Bowels. Kidney*. UUdriir. Female lr-
re«u!arltki'. Sick Headache, Biliousness. Con-
•tipotiun. Piles and all derangements of the
Internal Viscera. 2T»c a box. At dni£»rists or
tm mail. * ItADTTAT & CO.. New York.
"Brlght's Disease laid me on my back October 12. 1902. TVater fiow«4 cut
through my slippers through a thousand breaks In the skin.
"The tension from dropsy caused the ekln to break everywhere.
"All physicians pronoui»ced my case hopeless. Then I learned of Dr.
Shoop's Restorative. After six bottles I began to feel better. Tha «wellln<
b -pan to subside. Fifteen bottles completely cured me. I have not been so
well In twenty-five years. 1 1 am 60 years of age. I eonvldered this medicine,
coming into my hands, as a direct and overruling providence of that great
God In whom I believe and place my trust. My ohyslclans were aston-
ished. My pen is ever ready to urge the use of Dr. Ehoop's Restorative."
Physicians "shake their heads" when called to a case llko Mr.
Knowles'. •
S. A. Jones,
Wrote me. Anvil, Okla.
. "1 was suffering with nervous debility, biliousness and a run-down con-
stitution. Now permit me to tall you what I think of your Restorative ' In
my Judgment It is worth its weight in gold.. It has restored my health and
I now feel as when I was in my 'teens, gdlng to school, although I am
now part my 6Gth birthday. I shall always keep, a bottle of Dr. Shoop's
- Restorative In the house, as It has been worth many times the cost to me
"You may use thia letter In any way you wish, as I feel It my duty to
tell those similarly situated what It has done for me. May the blessings
of tho all-wise Creator always be with jfou."
J. N. Renfroe, ;¦*?".
Wrote me. 46 Granger street. Atlanta. Ga.
"New. York specialists pumped my stomach. Called It acid catarrh of
the stomach. Treated me two years and failed.
"I got 'six bottles of Dr. • Shoop's Restorative at the Jacob Pharmacy
Atlanta. It was to cost me nothing if It failed. After four bottles then
came the change. After «lx bottles I was eating most anything I desired.
I am well now. Dyspepsia nervousness gone. Use my letter privately or
publicly, for I feel that this is as llttl« as I can do to show my efatl-
tude for the results you have brought- tn my case."
Mr. Renfroe used my Restorative because I took the risk. • I
make this same offer to you, just to get a trial. I taks all the risk
to show my faith. I know what Dr. Shoqp's Restorative can and
will do if you try It. Send to-day for the book you need and tha
name of a druggist near you who will give you six bottles Dr.
Shoop's Restorative a month on trial. Too much cannot be learned
about how to keep well-
Write now while you have It In mind.
: , : -*i_- : '"~' lA. ¦.. , ¦ Book 1 on Dyspepsia.
Simply state which book you want . . Book 2 on the Heart -?
and address Dr. Shoop. Box 3600.
Racine, Wla. .. ¦ , g°°k 5 for Men (sealed).
Book 6 on Rheumatism.
Mild cases, not chronic, are often cured by one or two bottles.
At druggists'. ¦¦*''?*•„ ;" ? ,; V '
Wrote" me. Wilmington, Delaware.
. Not 'a penny If It falls. -
It is a two-cent stamp investment for you.
With me it is a risk of J5.50, the price of six bottles of Dr.
Shoop's Restorative. I will ask the druggist near, you to let you
use the Restorative a month on trial. He will not complain, for I
will tell him to bill the cost to me if It falls in your case.
You send me no money.
You take no risk.
Ju^t take the Restorative a month, then decide for yoursen.
If you say to the druggist, "It did not help me," that relieves
you of all expense. But you won't say that.
You will be glad to say, like thousands have said asd are say-
ing:, "It is the greatest remedy I ever used." 'I— _ <# -
James Knowles, • -\' . jff-
Try Div Sfioop's Restorative
A Month at My Risk.
If you don't feel, right,
If you need more strength.
If you lack ambition,
If you can't do things like you used to.
If your nerve-^your courage — is leaving you,
If your confidence In yourself is less.
If you lack vigor or vitality.
If something ,1s eating away your constitution,
With the Symptoms Below
Yon Should Get My Book.
DB.. SHOOP'S REMEDIES.
DR. KIUIIER'S SWAMP-ROOT. __^_ :
dFTouHseOF "
with a lame back?
Have You Rheumatism, Kidney,
Liver or Bladder Trouble *?
To Prove What SWAMP-ROOT, the Great Kidney, Liver
and Bladder Remedy, Will Do for YOU, All Our Readers
May Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Pain or dull ache in the back is un- ambition, loss of flesh, sallow com-
mistakable evidence of kidney trouble, plexion. v : v;
It is nature's timely warning: to show " your water when allowed to remain
you that the track of health is not clear, undisturbed in a K lass or bottle for
If these *««, *»* -unh«d=d ggg^^g^Mg**^
more senous results are sure to follow. - cvidence that vour kidneys and blad-
Bnght's disease, which is the worst <j er nced immediate attention,
form of kidney trouble, may steal upon T n taking Swamp-Root you afford
yon. . natural help to Nature, for Swamp-
The mild and the extraordinary effect Root is the most perfect healer and
of the world-famous kidney and bladder gentle aid to the kidneys that is known
remedy, Dr Kilmer's Swamo-Root. is to medical science.
v a t* ? ~a. *u- v.;^Vi»c«- fr.r Swamp-Root is the great discovery
soon realised. It stands the hiehest for of Dj . £ lm^ tfae em ; nent kidney and
:ts wonderful cures of the most distress- b ] adder spec i a ij st . Hospitals use it
ing cases. A tnal will convince any w j th won derful success in both slight
one — and you may have a sample bottle and severe cases. Doctors recommend
free, by mail. it to their patients and use it in their
Z was a constant sufferer for a ana- own families, because they recognize in
ber of years wita back acce, rheoma- Swamp-Root the greatest and most suc-
Itlsm and frequent desire to urinate, cessfuf remedy for any derangement of
but after usfci* Dr. JCUmei-s Swamp- the kidney, liver and bladder.
Boot, I am entirely < cured "*<*•»• Ycu raay have a sample bottle of this
> J£?5£2Z wonderful remedy. Swamp-Root sent
coLnonTompiaSS: absolutely free by mail also . a book
axost truly yours, telling all about Swamp-Root and con-
¦W. C. Bally. 2d Lieut, of FoUce, taining many of the thousands upon
Colnmbua, Ga. thousands of testimonial letters receiv-
Lamc back is only one symptom of ed from men and women cured In
kidney trouble— one of many. Other writing to Dr. Kilmer & Co. Bineham-
symptoms showing that you need ton, N. \ .. be sure to sav that you read
Swamp-Root are, being obliged to pass this generous offer in The San Fran-
water often during the day and to get Cisco Sunday Call.
up many times during the night, inabil- If you are already convinced that
Iity to hold your urine, smarting or irri- Swamp-Root is what you need, you can
tation in passing, brick-dust or sedi- purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-
ment in the urine, catarrh of the blad- dollar size bottles at drug stores every-
der, eric acid, constant headache, dirzi- where. Don't make any mistake, but
ness, sleeplessness, nervousness, irregu- remember the name, Swamp-Root. Dr.
lar hcart-beatingv rheumatism, bloating. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the address,
irritability, worn-ont feeling, lack of Binghamton. N. Y.. on every bottle.; FLORENCE, Italy, Dec. 5.— Since
Mrs. Cleinens, wifeof Samuel L.'Clem
ens ("Mark Twain")/ arrived here No
vember . 8,^ she has , been so Indisposed
that .no 'one 'outside ; her - familv h^s
beenallbwed to'see her.
Mrs. Clemens HI in Italy.
SAYS HE WAS BURIED,
BUT NOT "DECENTLY"
Young Kan, Supposed to Be' Insane,
Surprises the Citizens of
Keswick.
REDDING, Dec. 5.— George Leach, a
young man who Is a stranger In these
parts, believes he was burled and. that
his body was attired In old clothes. He
says he has arisen . to object, desiring
a decent burial. That is what he told
ofTlcers who took him in charge at kes
wick to-day after he had ;run wihJly.
away from a train as It pulled Into the
station. He was brought here this even
ing to be'examined as to his sanity.
HAVANA. Dec. 5.— A dispatch from'Tegu
cigalpa. Honduras, . announces' the < death -of
Senora Guardlola, mother of the wife of Presi
dent Palma andwjfeof former President Guar
dlola of Honduras.- - •¦'** a-emwrni TttllMg
NEW LONDON. Conn., Dec. C— A Buccess
fu. test of the: n«w wireless telegraph plant
Installed by the United States Government at
Fishers Island was made » to-day. ey«
tcm will be used ln Alaska for the Govern
ment service. ¦ . ¦ •
- PHILADELPHIA,- Dec; 5.— The paint works
of Grave* & Co.... at Broad street, and Geary
avenue, was destroyed by flre to-day. Loss,
$100,000; fully Insured.
LONDON, Dec. 5.— Roger Casement,
British Consul in the Congo State, has
Just completed a tour of investigation
undertaken under the orders of the
British Government, and he fully con
firms the worst reports of outrages per
petrated on natives of that^part of
Africa. Casement's . tour was to have
lasted six months, but after the scenes
he witnessed and the information he
obtained in the first two months, the
Consul decided that further evidence
was unnecessary. The report which
Casement Is now preparing for the For
eign Office will show that the most hor
rible outrages are still being perpetra
ted under the" "rubber regime," and
that* slavery and barbarism in their
most revolting forms still exist.
The -' Casement • party | traveled over
1000 miles from the coast along • the
Congo and its tributaries, visiting the
Abir and Lulonga rubber zones. Pend
ing the delivery of the report to the
Foreign Office the investigators refuse
to furnish any details, but a member
of the mission summed up the situa
tion by saying:
"The most terrible slavery exists, the
administration Is atrocious and if there
Is not speedy, intervention it will be
too late." ' , . . . •
REDDING, Dec. 5.— Redding capitu
lated to-day to the My3tic Shriners and
the fez-capped nobles have the free
dom of the city. Six carloads of Shrin
ers arrived from the south. There were
?00 nobles of Islam Temple, A. A. D. N.
M. S., of San Francisco aboard. Po
tentate Murphy was in charge and
was the first to alight on Redding soil.
About fifty Shriners came from the
north and two carloads came from
Portland, Medford and Ashland, Or.,
to-night.
At 1:30 this afternoon seven carloads
of the Shricers left for Kcswick and
Iron Mountain. They spent the after
noon at Keswick looking over the large
smelter and were taken to the Iron
Mountain cepper mine over the Moun
tain Copper Company's railroad.
The ceremonial session was held at
7:30 o'clock In the Masonic Temple and
fifty-seven candidates were initiated
into the mysteries of Shrinerdom. After
the ceremonies there was a banquet.
The following addresses were made:
"Address of Welcome," by T. W. H.
Shanahan; response, IHutsrlous Po
tentate Charles H. Murphy; dialect
song. Noble I*. A. Steiger; "Our Sister
Temple," Illustrious Potentate Fred A.
Hines of Los Angeles; "Retrospection,"
Noble William H. Jordan; "Our Novi
tiates," Noble George T. Bromley; "In
fluence of Masonry," Noble Duncan E.
McKinlay.
The Shriners will leave Redding Sun
day at 12 o'clock. ," There are some v«ry
pretty decorations ' in honor of . their
visit. ¦ w >;,
SpedaJ Dispatch to Tha Call.
SAN RAFAEL. Dec. 5.— Although it
has become well known from the latest
developments that there is within the
walls of San Quent^n a band of con
victs well organized and in direct com
munication with confederates on the
outside, only a few men of the prison
contingent are definitely located. The
personnel of the outside gang is a com
plete mystery. A wholesale trade of
smuggling opium in the penitentiary
had been planned and up to a few days
ajo successfully carried on. The find
ing of some of the "dope" has in a
measure balked the scheme. The con
fession of three of those implicated will
also tend t -^ put a stop to the illegal
traflic
To-day th» three men who confessed
that they had brought opium into the
prison had their preliminary hearing
on felony charges. Justice Magee con
vened court in the prison directors*
room at 10 o'clock. The cases were
against Alex Hernandez, R. M. Gon
f. -• Itis and Msnuel Bucanero. The three
men! were held to answer. Warden
Tompkins admits that the problem is
a hard one to solve, but vehemently
declares he will yet get at the bottom
of the scheme.
Special Dispatch to The CaU.
ROME. Dec. 5.— The rise in the Tiber
has flooded the country so near Rome
that it is . impossible to get to St.
Paul's, two miles out of the city, as the
districts, surrounding • Rome are now
covered by four feet of water.
Tiber Floods Home's Suburbs.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 5. — A Chil
dren's . World's International Exposi
tion was opened to-day in the Tauride
Palace with gr^at ceremony by Eliza
beth Mavrickievna. The opening was
a brilliant function and was attended
by. the state Ministers, members of the
diplomatic corps, including United
States Embassador McCormack and
high, Government functionaries, in full
uniform. The ceremonies were fol
lowed by a • grand ball. This, is the
first international exposition' devoted
exclusively to the life of children ever
held and it is unique in every respect.
It owes Its origin to a suggestion made
by Dowager Empress Marie and is held
under her auspices. All the countries
of the world were invited to partici
: pate and almost all of them accepted
the invitation. Russia has the largest
exhibit and France, Germany and Aus
tria follow . in the order named. The
exhibit of the United States, which is
under 'the direction of Commissioner
Schadt of Philadelphia, , is the small
est, consisting only of photographs of
schools and school children, but it en-
Joys the 'distinction of being displayed
under the largest flag in the palace.
When the American colors were un
furled the Incident attracted universal
attention, the appearance of the Stars
and v Stripes being greeted with ap
plause and cheers.
.The most interesting features of the
exposition are the exhibits relating . to
hygenie and the' physical deevlopment
of children, including the care of new
born Infants, etc., and the section de
voted to scientific teachings. 'One sec-'
tion devoted 'to • child life ,j includes
paintings of children by Russian and
foreign artists. Another section illus
trates historical events in . the lives [ of
Childhood, discoveries and j inven-;
tions of children arid the ethnographi
cal peculiarities of children of different
nations. :¦ One of the most pleasant in
cidents of the exhibition . was the pre
sentation *by - Professor Drumbaugh - of
Philadelphia to the Dowager Empress
of an American citizen's book written
by Miss Hall. The book was presented
on' a tray : bordered by small. Russian
arid 'American' flags and bearing masses
of the Empress* favorite flowers.'
The exposition will continue for two
months. ;
Nobles Congregate in
Redding for Their
Session.
British Consul Reports
Startling Conditions
of Slavery.
San Quentin Officials
Probe Vainly the
Opium Plot.
International Exposi
tion Openg at St.
Petersburg.
GROSS ABUSES
IN CONGO STATE
SHASTA GREETS
MYSTIC SHRINERS
FELONS GUARD
THEIR SECRET
RUSSIA HOLDS
CHILDREN'S FAIR
Accused of Burglary.
John Owens, a teamster, was booked
at the City Prison yesterday by De
tectives Regan and O'Connell on a
charge of burglary. He is accused of
breaking into the Oregon dock on Sun
day night and forcing open five trunks,
from which he. stole $200 worth of
goods. The officers recovered most of
the stolen property. Some years ago
Owens was arrested for shooting at his
wife.
Belle Martin was arrested yesterday
afternoon by Policemen Wren and Mc-
Grayan and booked at the City Prison
on a charge of grand larceny. She Is
accused by Louis Weynand of 514
Bush street of going through hl3
pockets while he was asleep ln a room,
in the Lion House, Pacific and Stock
ton streets, early— yesterday mornins
and stealing ,40.
Sis Pockets Are Emptied.
Navy orders^— Chief ' Engineer . A. I*.
Parsons ' is detached from the Mare
Island navy yard and will proceed to
Cavite Station.
Army orders—^The following exam
ining board will meet at San Francis
co: Lieutenant. Colonel Edwin B.
Bolton, Tenth Infantry; Major Wil
liam ¦ Stephenson, surgeon; Major Al
bert Todd, artillery; Major Robert C.
Van Vliet, Tenth Infantry; First Lieu
tenant Edward P. Rockhlll, assistant
surgeon ; First Lieutenant James S.
Young Jr., Tenth Infantry. First Lieu
tenant Robert W. Barnett, Thirteenth
Infantry, and Second Lieutenant Wal
ter L. Reed, Tenth Infantry, are or
dered before the above board for, ex
amination for promotion.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 5.— The fol
lowing 1 departmental orders were is
sued to-day: Postmasters commis
sioned — California — L. D. Goodman,
Balls Ferry.
Oregon— H. W. Matheson, Cleone;
R. L. Jelllson. Whitney; J. J. Ellis,
Lime; Edward Welch, Spicer.
Fourth class postmasters, appointed
— California — Charles • E.\ 'Congreve,
Challenge, Yuba County,- vice Susan
E. Rlbbel, resigned; J. T. Stevenson,'
Peters, San Joaquln County, vice Carl
ton ,C. Case, resigned. ¦'
Postof flee and War Departments Is
sue Orders .Affecting California
- and Oregon.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
In addition to the punishment to be
pronounced by the court, each of
those who pleaded guilty to accepting
bribes will be' forever disqualified
from holding a post of trust. This
provision is included In the statute
prescribing the punishment in 'such
cases.
. In the Police Court to-day ex-Al
derman Daniel E. Lozier, of the Elev
enth Ward waived examination. Judge
Haggerty held him to the nert term
of the Superior Court, which Till be
gin December 15. Attorney Carmody
appeared for ex-Alderman Klnney of
the Fourth Ward and informed Judge
Haggerty that his client was too ill
to go to court. He secured postpone
ment of the examination until next
Wednesday. Alderman Ellen's hear
ing brought out no special disclosures
to-day and will be concluded Decem
ber 12, ..Other pending cases connect
ed with the water scandal will be tak
en up in the Police Court next Tues
day.;
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., Dec. 5.—
As 'was expected, five ex-city officials,
who had waived examination in' the
¦ Police Court on the charge of accept
ing bribes from ex-City Attorney Lant
K.- Salsbury, went into the Superior
Court to-day and pleaded guilty.
Judg-e Newham deferred sentence, re
leasing them under bonds to appear
whenever ordered by the court. Those
who pleaded guilty were.C. P. Bissell,
ex-member' of the Board of Public
Works; John L. Donovan, Clark E.
Slocum, ex- Alderman from the
,Twelfth Ward; Reyner Stonehouse,
ex- Alderman from the Tenth Ward;
Abraham Ghysels, ex-Alderman from
the Sixth Ward.
Attorney McDonald asked the court
to pass immediate sentencea, but the
court refused, explalning"that he did
not desire to pronounce hasty judg
ment.
Court Defers Sentence and
Men Are Released Under
Grand Bapids Officials
Admit Having Ac
cepted Bribes.
FIVE BOODLERS
PLEAD GUILTY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, /SUNDAY.' DECEMBER 6, 1903.
23
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
All correspondence - Is strictly confidential,
mailed .In plain,' sealed envelope. The receipt
is free 'for the asking, and they : want every
man to have It." '
Insures I.ove and a Happy Kome for AIL
, How any man may quickly cure himself after
years of suffering from sexual weakness, lost
vitality. nl£ht losses, varlcocele. etc.,; and en-
large small weak organs to full size and vlpor.
fiitnuly send your name and address - to Dr.
Kna{>p Medical Co.. 1518 Hull . Building, De-
ffolt, Mich., and they will gladly send free
receipt with full directions so that any man
may easily cure himself . at home. - This -; la
certainly, a roost generous offer, and ' the • fol-
!owli:g . ftxtracU taken from their dally mall
show what men think of their generosity: •
"Deaf Sirs— Please accept my ilncere thanks
for yours of recent date. I havo > given your
treatment a, thorough test and the benefit has
been extraordinary. It has completely braced
'•ne up. I am just ae vigorous aa when a boy
and you cannot realize how happy I am."
••Dear Sirs— Your method worked beautifully.
Results were exactly what I needed. , Strength
and vigor have completely returned and en-
largement Is entirely satisfactory." ¦ "
••Dear Sirs — Yours : received and I had "no
trouble In making use of the receipt as directed,
and =an truthfully. say it is a boon to weak
men. I am greatly improved In «lze. atrength
and vigor." !'J.in'mi!!Kte>*glg*KaiS&ag&K*4ma*4*i
CURES WEAK MEN FREE.
XT CUBED TEE DOCTOR.
Sew Scientific Dandruff Treatment Bec-
osunended toy a Physician.
Mrs. Mary C Crawford. Oakesdale.
Wash.: "Herpicide cured me perfectly of
dandruff and falling hair."
Dr. E. J. Beardsley, Champaign. 111.:
"I used Herpicide for dandruff and fall-
Uie hair, and I am well satisfied with the
result."
Alf. R. Kelly. 2195" Devisadero street.
San Francisco.. Cal.: "Herpicide 1>ut a
new Krowth of hair on my head. Herpi-
cide does more than is claimed."
Herpicid« kills the dandruff germ.
"Destroy the cause, you remove the ef-
rvcr > — cures dandruff, falling hair and
prevents baldness.' Sold by leading drug-
Kists. Send 10c in Btamps for sample to
The Herpicide Co.. Detroit. Mich.
Moneyback is a great relk
at your grocer's. Schilling
Best
1 «•» 'k:Gf-txratJw ' apket
ccSin iavorirg extract* ¦«!*
go far to make housekeepini;
tomfortable.
DR. PIEBCE'S BEMEDIES.
STARVED OUT.
Many a garrison has been forced to
give up the fight and hang out the white-
flag ofsurrender, when lack of food has
weakened the men past all power to
continue the- struggle.
... f^k \ His digestion is
i"'j/.',- '¦--.<¦*?(¦ impaired.- His
¦ - C -¦ .1 '. yX^ food does not
/\ \*S^k nourish him, 1 and
\ X^ \ for lack of
strength to carry on X C^^^
the struggle he turns %» NJr^
his store over to an- tt y^\-
Dr. Pierce's Golden \\J\ V' L0A
Medical Disco v e r y \W AVCjm
cures diseases of the \3* XT^W
stomach and other or- 1 ,-H[ 1
gans of digestion and rm^em I
nutrition: It restores I* i A
strength to weak, nerv- .&' Lmtju
ous.run-dpwnmenand v^gWr,
¦women. ,. . /r^ 9ta^&
' ' "About' ten .'yeara »r? I ' / £% ' '¥ '
befran to be afflicted with / rfii I
itomach trouble, also diar- ¦ I / fri 1
rhca," wrlte«.Mr.' Win. - I J \ I
Walter*, of Antrim, Mo. |/.^ A ; 1
"In warm weather It jt rew T*
worse, until it would throw •- V +*
me into a cramping chill. \
Wai troubled ao often that ¦ <
I sometime* thought, ray • : . /
end had come. -Tried many • *.::- "• 1 ".
remedies, but : they cave _^J^ x <
only temporary relief. In * '
November. 1899, thought I t&&&>\ *
would. try .Doctor Pierce'a . : <B^Ear :
Golden Medical Discovery. ¦ -j. - v
I got six bottles and took five in ntecession, then
thought I would wait for a time and take the
one left. Soon found 1 1 had symptoms of the
trouble coming back," so took the sixth bottle
and it .cured ¦ me. t, X • hare enjoyed the best of
health this summer, and the credit all belongs
to your,..' Golden Medical ¦ Discovery.' \- 1 can't
express my many, thanks to Dr. Pierce for his
remedy,' for it did so much for me. ; Words can-
not express how severely I suffered.
"If any doubt the abore statement let them
address me. and 1 will take great pleasure in
answering.".. ',,-:• ; . ; - ¦¦/..-. • ¦..¦. v: -..",.•.•,.:
. Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cleanse the
bowels and stimulate the sluggish liver.
ocoocoooooocooeoccooeooc5ocoooe©e©oo©©«©©09e®o©o©®ooo©ooooooo®©®o®®o*
I Santa lAfeill/^P® i ffi'r\ "BON'T BUY" |
O The Largest — ' — L-Jl—J-^^ saitablo q
I ,?;X" M ' 8I8-82O /AARKCT ST.. 5AK FRAKCI5CP. XMAS filFTS. 5
O The Oldest and Most Rell ibe Department Store In San Francisco. 2
| SANTA CLAUS' HEADQUARTERS. |
O THE BEST ASSORTMENT, STTFSBZOR GOODS AND LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICES. ©
g At 25c Children's BooKs Mechanical Toys |
© Noahs Ark. 12% inches long. ————————— The only p ]ace ln i,-ri sc0 to see every- q
g Solid Oak Bureau, with mirror. At 1 Sc thing new. . _ ©
g SoliJ Oak Bedroom Set, 5 pieces. **.,' *^ W Al 45C 2
Q f4ru "e 0USe> 2 " BtOry< COmplete ' with DCIlSlOW PlCtVTC BOOKS flinch Iron Cart, .uel wheels and S
O I^" 111 " 1^- lonK double handle. X
q W.00Q Horse and Cart. 13 In. long. I>ove and Friendship Series. Twenty Wagon and Bulldlnjr Blocks. 6^.xl4. X
Q Roller Chimes with hin»11«» titles, bound in white and gold dainty 8-key Rosewood-finish Piano. **
A « * io T, ', ~Jr *"•""*«:. flowers. Train of Cars and Blocks. 32 Inches long. ©
w uox oi 1_ r uzzle Picture Cubes, Board-bound books, with short stories for 12-lnch Doll Trunk with tray. Q
2 S Nested Picture Blocks SI inches. tne mtle 'oiks. Box of Building Blocks. 10x14%: 2 rows, a
• Rnt ftT-io » t» r> r>i » I-.. , A . *%r* Enamel DoJl Bed or' Cradle. 26 ln long. *%
9 Box fcxl. A B C Picture Blocks. A* OCp 8-lnch Winner Drum 2
q Wagon and Building Blocks, 5 »Axll. *** fc«^V Upright Steam Engine. ©
O Robinson Crusoe House and Outfit. 250 titles of elegant cloth-bound Juvenile . —^ S
O Battleship, 18 inches lone Books. Illustrated. • - AT Cf|/« '•
O Tipping Cart and Horse. 21 in. long. h $l«X fi^SiShoS' 01 * ln "^ Al 3UC ©
C Brownies 1 Golden Ladder 27 inches bIndlns - by famou » authors. Chest of Too , 12%x6 ; ©
• hiffh. ' ' menes r»oll Bed. with wire mattress, 20 in. long. O
O Train of Cars and Blocks. 23 inches AtSOC J8K. 'SStS^tSTXA?-*' "** %
O C%*T Rosewood-finish Piano. C o£ed%&ure? nen S^dST Hous^tS. *%£«&. •
S C --e--- ." -a Hoo k and X^dde, 18 inche. |
S infh^S D0U Bed or cradle> 21 At $1.08 At 75c 8
8 IrdiS Sow^Uf f^i™' A " ** latMt ?1 W COpyrt8ht flctlon - Solid Oak Book Shelf. 14x10; 2 shelve.. g
O t m » ow'and Arrow. , Shoo Fly Rocking Horse. O
w Iron Mule and Cart. 12 Inches long-. \r T-««. 41—.-,-^-^ X« 10-inch Winner Drum? Q
O Mechanical Automobile. AITlaS I ICC !irn2mSntS SO-lnch Iron Dump Harrow. g%
• Iron Stove. 5x3 Inches /1.111UJ xivv uiuuuiwiiM Wood Wagon< 10x20 . g
O t, nn /-« ?? ti i" ' The largest and most select line on the Iron Fire Engine. 15 lnchea long, 3 2
q Iron Combination Bank. coast as low as 10c dozen. horses. ©
• 1 l«tC il^PSI ! Good for ONE DOLLAR-S PUFF f
Q M. £^t t ? t JStegS&iJ ) W 9RTH ofprecn Trading Ft*mp$ ¦¦» JtZjLuSLt . . ©
O _^ «, i -*'^lll'5a e Uo) in aiidHhtn to those you will . O
s STAMPS M .-"^ STAMPS f 1
| (Crccn) jBaj WILL & FINCK CO. (Green) |
I M sn^f=£°^LJ Triplicate Mirrors Leather Department I
O TEIS LINE. Square, oblong, round and oval, made We have a large lin« of Cigar. Letter &
9 of fine molding, with leatherette or and Card Cases. Wallets, etc.. in all 2
C 131__. />?•!_¥* ! wooden backs. French plate beveled kinds of leather; a suitable gift for ®
o Fine Ostrich Boas %r > &i£ e g l £s£SJS n s m -*£$ .isr;^ ' 50 c UD 8
g In black or C ray. ,15.00; reduced &% £ ch *» ****' '«» to gs ?.*. .r.V.'.V.V.V. £ up |
O to $9.00 Club Bags 50c up a
O to blac k or gray. ,17.50; reduced /SmeTe^^b^fVo^bacK Suit Cases $5.00 up |
q to $12.00 t selection of 40 styles to choose Oxford Bags .53.00 up ©
© In black er gray. $20.00; reduced I M^f^Li! 11 /?,? 68 f nd slzes: frora F i«ed Traveling Rolls. .... .$2.25 up «?
O to S.13.00 I 9X °°. $15#0 ° eaCh> Ladies- Belts, straight, patent leather ©
e In b'ack or *r-»v '*•>•> Kn- r^,,.^ THE MA1 SBOHI-We have the ~" ln black and red. .. .25c and 35c ©
o in Lack or graj. 5.-.50, reduced grandest and most varied assort- •
O t0 • :.H7M ment of HAIB, CLOTH, HAT, r*^l!.,l^iJI T> M » M « ®
O J _l£- • BOrTKET aad NAIL BEUSHES. vCllUIOICl HOXGS °
O WE CABBY A TOrE XiUfE OP HAM) and STAKDINO MXSXOKS w^»»w*vrx\* OV/AWOy &
© TASHIONABLE TUBS. that can be found in town. . Kpf^ ¥*tf '*
S TtXDUlS' STECKWEAB— The newest Hnlfrlmr Dr»Tir>*r>*»Tr> * •
X out; fancy silk and chiffon stocks ilUiluUy L uPvlvilv E>on't fail to inspect our line of these ©
2 and jabots, in entirely new lace _ " * goods before buying elsewhere; it's A
)f and Persian effects, $1.00, $125, The largest and most select line of the grandest ever seen in this city X
C $1.75, $2.50 a:id-$3j00 each. fancy Stationery; all come in pretty and the prices are so low that we «
O boxes; 5Oo up. figure we have no competitors. 5?
2 r eS^d K wUh a ifbbo^ l l2So 1 to CaHfornia. Kastern. souvenir and flo- Toilet Sets, in French stag:, celluloid 2
S $10XK)each llDt > o «. 92-50 to ral Calendars, 10c to $2.00 each. and ebonoid $1.00 to $35.00 2
S W tt*c:t AW - * m •nr^n ~~~ XMAS CABDB « floral and hand P aI °t- Collar and Cuff Boxes. . . .85c to $4.50 ©
J SUSSXAZT AJTD POIKT VrwiSE cd. 2c to 25c. Work Boxes 50c to S5. 00 Q
O WTSto^sso* 8 . A * D C0ZtX ' AnS ' Waterman's Ideal Fountain Pens Manicure Sets $1.35 to $5.00 •
© Worth three times the price offered. $2 - 5 ° Up " ' Handkerchief Boxes 75c to $2.50 ©
© _ , , '' A A Waterman's Fountain Pens, $1^0 Glove Boxea 50c to $2^0 •
(9 Sample line of -WOOZ.E1T SHAWLS, up. Shaving Sets $1.25 to $15.00 5 '
§ cular" a^oblo'nfshaSes^etch one Our °™ ("KCK'S) Fountain Pens. Photo Albums 50c to $6.50 % '
S of a different weave; the greatest $1.00 each. Photo Albums (musical). $3.50 to $15.00 ©'
O PVe^ offere<L * 5c » 75c, 85c Over 40 different styles of EXCEL- Brush and Comb Sets. . .$1.50 to $4.00 ©
O to gI - 53 cach - ' SIOB 1904 PIARIE8. from 25c up. Poker Sets . . V $3.73 to "$12.00 ©
© XWTWXS, BAZOBS ABTD SBXABS OBOUXTB AHO BX7AZBES. ' " il q
q 7ZCTUBE rSAMES 07 AX.Ii DE3CRIPTI0HS MADE TO ORDER. ©
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
PE-RU-NA PROTEGTS THE LSTTLE ONES
Against Winter Catarrh In Its ' ' an xfH9B9!
Neglected Colds In Children -- ,,. u , _ vj|^ aX '^1
Household Against Catarrhal Bfe^W^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^S^I - Mrs. J. M. Brown. Dun-
t&^{WwW&' ** "* Artr'z?~cr'ZJAUT:D~ k *~~* A *" thorT1 r ° runa dld u -"
OV £}hi3d^&*Wk SYLILiE OLiJti/XTJCK* In a later letter sho
: / >^-~ rf^^sks0^^7^'«^^' ¦¦''"¦¦¦¦ TTT^"*^— — —^^^^^^S^^T^^^r^^^^SSd. I continues to have good
|| t JXrs. Schafer, 435 Bope avenue, St. Louts. Mo., writes:
/ll/MT Jm I s^ ' ¦ " "'" tf!0 earl y P art of last y ear I wrote to you for advice for my,
¦• 111 W$vM/y£ ** - "£-ji^>!M\tf # & Z'i/r*! "daughter Alice, four years of age. She has teen apuny, sickly, ailing
Jij ¦^^i^^f^p^LjJZ^/.)^ '• fr *-- '"**y^is?f«L tchild since her birth. She had convulsions and caiarrhal fevers. /
WI^^^^^\5^^ B^C^ v /Vfe'* A * > '^- fSf** I wes always doctoring until we commenced to use Peruna. She grew [
' /^/?filv?l& /r^^ *W^ \1*» '^^/xvi "strong and well. Peruna is a wonderful tonic; the best medicine /.,
l'Mj\ y^^!^*^ -**?£* ' Vv)\\| \ rajJES^^ 1 1 >i "' was ""• a ver y wre tched condition when I commenced to take .
''f'i/^^M^^^SsZ^*' V s\l \\^^^^^||i| j Peruna. I had catarrh ail through my whole body, but thank God, your >
/if^raw^^^^^^Tc"^ \^K^F^ffS I medicine set me all right. I would not have any othsr medicine. ||
y^lw^^M^^^SSf il \v' 'Vl! YvsnIiI'I if i "Peruna cured my baby boy of a very bad spell of cold and fever."
Jffi*z!i®£ZM r$S&!£yjl I £^ t ; \r VVv^Vi \i * He IS a healthy boy fifteen months old. I have given him Perur.a\\
- \ ' V\ V^l \i ViCNtt ?*" a "d on since he was born. I think that is why he is S3 well. l\
I m "ft-ftM A I WrriuHn V^ l-U \ajPy\\ ? cannot praise Peruna enough. We hare not had a doctor since ire*
l»l ilSf U/l" Fx&C \l5>-Vr v^A-T " began to lisa Peruna — all praise to it — Mrs. Schater. jj
«J ?A *¦' l^^/^T^^K Sure to Have Pe-ru-na on Hand articular rheumatism Is the result.
il j|l^«'" '> Vyyy //I JlV^?^ '" .-? ""-"-.•• Ankles, knees, wrists and elbows be-
• \ .f/^M 'fyJft3l Yi&^rT^*^ i\,,.in« th/. | o .| nm ._t Mnnth* nf come suddenly swollen and painful. A
in >Q\ h *S*^iL£m&S^?*. DurI °i tnc Inclement Montns or Jor& dlga8tr0l * a lllnesa follows. The child
<\A r**« *» '.V>^^^v\. '"v^^ ¦ '¦ w .i j mi » . \ ma y l lve an(J become convalescent, a
l.l^i^l •-\*<.t: <^ " a " anfl WLlter. miserable Invalid of valvular disease of
4Jr >c\r»^j_* f^f^a^^s^^^ tne heart. All these mishaps are the di-
X«^Srcl^M£Jr >»»^ Croup, capillary bronchitis and articu- re ct result of neglected cold. Peruna is
¦""¦•—• A.ST lar rheumatism are the special banes or the. safeguard of the family. If a child
. N^ childhood. These all alike result from catches cold, Peruna should be used im-
Pe-r-na Kept .nth. House ,.r r>v« r^--^ "'^ rt r*™,-. .«»*.
avenue. Chicaeo. 111., writes: Another child catches cold. > de velop; 5 a » f
"I am only too elad to idform you that stubborn cough that will not yield to
I am • feeling splendid and have never ordinary remedies. The parents are if you do not receive prompt and sat-
felt better in my life. Through the ad- n n e d with forebodings. isfactory results from the use of Pe-
vice of a friend I tried Peruna, and am g .« anot her child catches cold and de- runa , write at once to Dr. Hartman. giv-
gladto say It cured me to perfection. I velQDS that m ost fatal malady of child- lng a f u n statement of your case, and
began to tell a friend about Peruna the .*r bronchitis. The doctor he wi n be pleased to give you his valu-
other day and I had no sooner com- {' C ailed.*pronounces the case pneumonia, able advice gratis,
menced than he told me his folks have *nd if the child is lucky enough to llvo
kept Peruna in the house for the last lt ' has developed weak lungs from which Address Dr. Hartman. President of
five years. I am sure I wouldn t be JJ may neV er recover. The Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus,
?£2&.&i$S%Sl8? " SeS " £»!%« another child catcher cold and Ohio.
Ask Your Druggist for free Pe-ru-na Almanac for 1904
S®- CASH oh CREDIT -£
*%0£, "YOUR CREDIT IS COOD"
.•'¦ .' Complete Home
u 1 , Furnishers - Ho£ri% A^^^Stt^.
GZ^Z^^^0*£& Flats or County /^S^^^i
S2 ' 45 Willow Rocker. $3.75.
A very ccra oitabls
-^ S " SS^^S Polished saddle seat; \?LLIju jMf
<L^^t^' Upholstered. Rocker. W
In sil.< damask; dainty^ . Mcn
and com o. tabl . : rr gu- oc.OU
$5.00 lar J9 co value. This
value; this 0//T /7/7 feS»SMg^^^^»w^n^Ai3
• value; this iJO /}/?/} -.^
$20.00 week ... VtU'VU $15.00
3 S 2 T. BRILLIANT L
.Street FURNITURE CO, SquareWe have • all the new \ pictures and
frames, for the holiday trade now on ex
hibition, and sale. Come and see them.
Sanborn, Vail & Co. • ¦
1 5 ST. PETERSBURG. Dec. B.— The Czar and
,C.--arlna arrived to-day. . Tne latter has re
.covered her health. . '
of East Helena. The eecond count
charges larceny as bailee of the same
amount. A personal message to a
friend of . Warnock's from Fargo
says: .
!'lVill continue my trip to St Paul
to-morrow (Saturday) or Sunday, to
finish up .the business on which • I
started, after which. I will •return' to
Helena. Th^re is absolutely, no ground
for, any criminal charge.against me."
PROMINENT HELENA
CITIZEN IN. TROUBLE
Manager of Western Stock and Grain
Exchange Is Charged With
/ Felony.
HELENA, Mont, Dec. 5t— An ,,In
formation has been filed, in r the Dis
trict Court of* this county charging
Haxjry V. Warnock, manager; of ,-. the
Western Stock and Grain Exchange,,
with felony. -A - bench warrant was is
sued for his arrest and Sheriff.C£Con
nell has gone to Fargo, ,N. D... where
.Warnock has been taken in custody.-
; He. will be brought back. to. Helena^
The information in' two counts
charges Warnock^ with stealing '.$225,
the property of William J. Gerraughty
Shoots Sweetheart and nival.
PARIS, Mo., Dec. 6. — Enraged be
cause Miss Annie Hartman,' whom he
had secured a' ; license to wed, would
not marry him, Frank Pawson shot
and fatally wounded hw / sweetheart
and seriously wounded his successful
rival, Qbe Hughes. The shooting oc
curred, at a private dance at Madison,
Dawson entering the room and firing
without warning. Dawson's family is
romlnent.
Mrs. Eddy Returns Deed for Struc
ture Tendered by New York
Christian Scientists.
CONCORD, N. H... Dec. 5. — Mrs.
Mary Baker Eddy has declined as a
gift the neir building-, erected at a
cost of $1,1 £5,000, by the First Church
• f Christ, Scientist, in New York City.
The tender was made by members of
the church as a tribute of loving: loy
alty and gratitude. .Mrs. Eddy re
plied:
"The princely gift of your magnifi
cent church edifice in New York is
an unexpected token of your gratitude,
DECLINES A. GIFT OF
MILLION-DOLLAB HOUSE
and love. I deeply appreciate it, pro
foundly thank you for and gratefully
accept the spirit of it, but I must de
cline to receive that for which you
have sacrificed so much and labored
so long."
LEWES. Del.. Dec.. 5.— The North Beach'
lile-savinr nation reports that the «hlp Dhar
war. which went ashore Wednesday night near
Ocean City; Md., floated tc-aay."
CHICAGO, Dec. 5.— The a Central
Freight Association roads have decided
to : refuse the application of the iron
and steel men for a reduction of freight
rates • on domestic shipments of steel
rails. .-
Will Not Reduce Rates.
/TAMPA, Fla.", Dec. 5.— Lewis Jackson,
a negro, charged with having J at
tacked the three-year-old daughter of
Superintendent Ensey of the Govern
ment'works at Fort De Soto on Mullet
Key last. Monday, was lynched near
Tampa last night by white meti. >
Negro Assailant Lynched.
NEW YORK,: Dec. 5.— Virginia L.
Thornton, a young artist, was found
dead early to-day In the bathroom of
her East . Sixteenth street apartments.
She had been asphyxiated by gas from
a small heating apparatus, the tube of
which had become disarranged while
she was preparing her bath.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Dec. 5.— Miss
Thornton was a sister of Colonel Albert
Thornton, a member of one of the most
prominent ' families in the State and
well known throughout the South. Miss
Thornton l had until reoently made her
home with 'her brother.
Miss Virginia Thornton Meets Ac
cidental Death by Gas in
New York.
YOUNG ARTIST DIES
BY ASPHYXIATION
BUTTE, Mont, Dec. 5. — Antoni.
Con tario, aged 18, shot and killed
Godfrey McNeill, aged 14, in a cabin
in the mountains west of Butte early
this morning. The boys remained
away from their homes in Butte yes
terday, taking a 44-caliber Winchester
and provisions. They quarreled over
a cigarette, when Contarlo took up
the rifle and shot McNeill three times
at short range, almost blowing his
head off. The murderer escaped.
One Lad Kills Another.
Searching for Hissing Secretary.
CHICAGO, Dec. 5. — Police depart
ments in 2000 cities in the United
States and Canada have been furnish
ed with circulars bearing the likeness
of William George Prall, the Elgin
National Watch Company official,
whose mysterious disappearance is
taxing the efforts of a score .of detec
tives. A reward of $500 for Informa
tion of the whereabouts of Prall or
legal proof of his death has been of
fered. Mr. Prall has been secretary
of the Elgin National Watch Com
pany for thirty years. He has been
missing since November.
j BOSTON, Dec. 5.— In her official trial
over the Cape Ann course to-day the
new cruiser Des Molnes exceeded her
contract requiremnts of 16.5 knots an
hour, making an average of 16.633 knots
per hour. It is thought that the tidal
corrections will not materially change
these figures.
Next to speed the noticeable feature
of the trial was the remarkable steadi
ness of the ship. The conditions of the
trial were favorable on the whole. The
sea was moderately smooth and the
wind, which struck the warship abeam
on the north and almost ahead on the
run home, served to make good draught
for . the Jjollersi
On th% other hand, the atmosphere
was hazy during the greater part of
the run so the stake boats could not
be made out with any great certainty.
The northerly run was covered in
three seconds over two hours, a speed
of 16.49 knots, or one-one-hundredth
of a knot under the contract..
It was on the run -back that the Des
Moines showed her true worth. One
by one the number of the revolutions
of her engines were increased until
on the second leg they reached 191 per
minute. The machinery worked in j fine
form and a speed of 16.77 was attained
on the return. . -i S\:'~ r
New Warship Exceeds
the Contract Speed
on Trial Trip.
GOOD CRUISER
IS DES MOINES
WASHINGTON, Dec. 5.— The big
sixty-foot aerodrome of Professor Sam
uel H. Langley, the secretary of the
Smithsonian; Institute, which was un
successfully, launched several months
ago, was prepared for another experi
ment to-day, but unfavorable wind con
ditions prevented the test. The ma
chine has been put into perfect order
and is ready to be hoisted onto the su
perstructure for another trial at the
first opportunity, possibly Monday. No
attempt will be made to hoist the ma
chine into, position unless the wind is
less .than twelve miles an hour, in or
der to avoid possible danger to the men
engaged .in the work, who might be
swept into the stream thereby. F. M.
Monley, Professor Langley's chief as
sistant In thS*^ flying machine re
searches, and ' who has been actively
directing the plans and preparations,
was aboard' the houseboat all day with
his force of. mechanics, and Thomas W.
Smith, the official photographer of the
Smithsonian Institute, has his rapid
lire camera prepared .to make the offi
cial photographic records of the flight.
Professor Manley made observations of
the wind "velocity ,a number of times
during the day, but at no time did
conditions warrant an attempt at fly
ing. Manley left the boat after 4
o'clock this afternoon, merely saying
that it had been Impracticable to at
tempt the launching and that he could
not with any certainty predict when the
aerodrome would be given another test.
Both he and Professor Langley say
there ha.s been no change whatever
either In the motor, the launching
mechanism or any other part of the
flying machine apparatus. Professor
Langley said that the time of the next
attempt now hinges on wind condi
tions. . He said that it might not be
possible this season and yet it might be
found practicable in the next few days.
He credited the trouble with the last
experiment to a metallic projection in
the launching track, and explained that
that obstacle had been moved. He said
it was not likely that experiments
would be undertaken again at Wide
water, where the wind conditions
proved so unfavorable.
The experiment will be made in all
probability off the Government arsenal
grounds in this city, at the confluence
of the Potomac River and its eastern
branch, which offers a broad sweep for
the test.
Defect3 Have Been^ Removed
and Machine Is in
-'., Perfect Order.
Langley-s Aerodrome
Awaits Favorable
Weather.
Illegal Landing of a Sailor.
Ah Jim, a Chinese member of the
crew of the steamer Stanley Dollar,
was arrested on the wharf yesterday
morning by a Chinese Inspector on the
charge of being illegally within tha
United States. The United States Dis
trict Attorney also was notified, and
a prosecution will be instituted
against the master of the vessel for
allowing the Chinese sailor to land.
The penalty for the offense is a fine
of 5500.
Duke Trying the Best Core.
LONDON, Dec- 5. — The Dowager
Duchess of Manchester, In response to
an inquiry concerning the alarming re
ports circulated in the United States
regarding her son's illness, telegraphed
as follows:
"Kindly contradict the reports; Th«
Duke is only taking the rest cure."
NEW YORK. Dec 6.— A Coroner's JJury
which has been lnvestljatinff th« recent col
llaton on the Fifth-avenue line of the Brooklyn
Elevated Railway. In which two men wer*
killed, a number of pacseneen hurt and a
Great loss of life narrowly averted, has re
turned a verdict expressing tha opinion that
the disaster was caused by carelessness . of the
management.
AIRSHIP AGAIN
READY FOR TRIAL
THE SAN ; FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER , 0, - 1903.
24
ADVEP.TISEMENTS.
ONLY 16 SHOPPING DAYS UNTIL CHRISTMAS
orders. i£^^:^'^^y^ lilF#ll§i^
We issue them for any amount c as ecO nomical and a much more ;. r^osms^^S^K ™ ench Flann ?' Alpa f a »S ? hS auaH-
-a very LI. -v to n,a k e 1=^.17"^ IS^^^'SSS
a present, because it wi!! enab,e ~iTrl£\}'£ J^« «^.J«1.£%& 'f "
*hp r^rinifnt ic\ miko her own se- incident to the near approach of Christ- S*J[h t \ y&ffly nm S looking Waists; worth trom
k ne recipieni tomaKe i*cr o\\n be mas Goods b0UKht now will be held for Jf^_y~*{({** /P*^ fiiw, to S^oo On sale to-morrow
lections. . future delivery if desired. '<^C^" g>r at ....... tT....^.. 93.50 each
DECIDED REDUCTIONS ON WOMEN'S HIGH-CLASS SUITS AND COATS.
•W'^YjTTJL tha near approach cf the Holiday S«*gon 'before urn, we begin to-morrow the greatest Seduction Sale of Wom«n'i High-Claw Suit* and Coat* aver
n'vWjp taiown at thl« time of the year — an event that will be eagerly aelred won bymanv who have not yet bought" their "Winter Oarmenf. Whatever yonr
\\l \[ .\ picas may be lor to-morrow or the following day, yon shonia not neglect to Investigate, for the reductlonB made are extraordinary, aafl the garmeata
are marked et . -¦ '¦'¦.''', '¦ ¦ '¦:¦: ,"¦¦'' ¦'•': L*?»- - • '» ¦
Prices That Will Irresistibly Appeal to Every Economical Ionian,
Velvet Coats' at Half Suit Redactions Reductions on Evening Coats
$J0 Velvet Coats to close at jl  S | «« S!|S^i/!ffi MKg 0 !!^ * <^Eoo
•very one mil have found a purchaacr. ,%_ r - comprise such Suits as you Bee on the d» cawS- are?l?k ifSrt twihSnl" ¦ - '
Made of a high-g rede Velvet In blouse street now every day ;' fancy mixtures and Venetians. -in d % r^2' "?^. u ~ d throughout. «25 OO each
effect; satin lined throurhout and trimmed with satin re- Brown. Blue and Black; In long and ahort blouse effects; « e « ?3j and ?40. .to close at... f-p.uu.eacn
veres; all elze»; were $20.00; to close at $9.85 each axe rare value at 915.75 each " .'
*^., ,.« ,« i . n ***-.- $35 & $37.50 Suits to close at JLmrr tzs* $ 50 & 555 Co2ts to at . -—».
$30 VEITEl COatS 10 ClOSe at These beautiful EuUb comprise a (S \J> &L<CP(J HIsh-cIaH Long Coats and Even- SO
An elerant lot of Velvet Coats In th« iPff^S,^? variety of materials, such, as '/ l J}* t S?g% l ,J?!£Z-BL t % ! flne . st 4 \ m ' T^flJIg -*"
nr-r blouse effect, with full sleeves, and ''M^^^^ Tweed.. Scotch Mixtures and Zibe- *SOr^)xr0' .. ported Broadcloth- and Kersey; trim-
cuffs, collar and reveres stylishly trim- «^* r etines. In swell long: coats and ... Zv. In S m. ' tr 'T lns8 i k .m .V
med- White and Black satin lined; ' fancy military effects; some with capes and handsomest na\e deep shoulder- cape»;- extraordinary -bargain at..........
were $30.00; to cloee at :.. ?13.05 each trlmmlnBs; were $35 and ?37.50; to close at $23.50 each "V 1^ 9A-.OU eacn
$40 & $50 Velvet Coats to close at 4^/7 $4 JKavl 5 8 ? !£SJS. C l°m S f9®75 $25 Military Coats to close, at a »«».=
i;.r-v-.. :. <s v v. -if Velvet Coats In "^ fj^Mm'*-*** ~ found In. these very swell looking ' J^^MT-^t^^ A choice lot of Military Coats of im- "tf H Jw T"v>
short andlOT- ejects- beiutKulIy " Jgr^O^ <S^t~ Suits; all strictly man tailored; ex- ported Kersey and Broadcloth. In Tan. ' M JOT *^
Vwi and rtafcrwcS trimmed with *** M elusive styles In short and long ef- - . • Castor and Black: are made with' capes
4ncv braid I a^^ine-t™ bMiutlful lecW. °t fln<?8t materials; ZibellneB and imported mix- and full sleeves and cuffs; trimmed with . •
'gaiWtt' that Ve% MOan'd It"; to close at. .. -924.50 each tures: only one of a kind; to close at:- 920.75 each metal buttons; elegant valne at $35; to close at. gl 7.45 each
Jft A Holiday Offering of Feather Boas. *m .ASALEOFSILK PETTICOATS
'Iffiiiniil' This announcement is bound to crowd the depart- W^ J We start a very - important Silk . Petticoat
(^^9^^ mexit to-morrow, for it is an opportune sale— comes V C* 'cluaJlS^^iri^r^Sl^PMZltimSch
l^P3s||;> just at a time when hundreds of people will want to ftK \ below the regular selling prices. They wero
fj&W&siL rrakc a suitable Christmas present; besides we will f ' purchased by us at a heavy price concession
'$&£&£& guarantee you a saving of fully one-third from regular KnTT/ ' by reason of the fact that the manufacturer
>a§ErtS8% • r- d r i- i,->c v>--n /-Mrl^rl ,,-ifl, rrrrit I K\ 'l j . H hacl m0TC Kilk °" hand than his trade de-
,im'*Sk\ ' )nccs - Every Boa on sale has been curled with creat- M^jff manded you turn m shRre |n
J&^''i&$hi c.n care, is of the nnest luster, thick and tiuitv and I V/ lucky purchase. TWO I.OTS, as follows:
¦t\&af V ?ife^ comes in Black, Gray, Natural and White. Oil sale as • A \ j n 1 » 7 pa c>ii n j ..
k J^ follows: - _ - (s\\ ,//: Regnlar $7.50 Silk Petticoats for
Sro Feather Boas, \V* vards lontr. for $S.J>O each YS^ ) I of durable TaCfeta Silk. .^ bb t\£\
S,.,. S0 I--r.,thcrIW t c. IK vard. long, for glO.SOeach \N \ S5 » h
Si 8.^0 Feather Boas. \V 2 vards long, for $14.r>0 each . //\\\ r^W te ; \ Ight Y^, •
> ¦-- ¦ — t~. ; «i« -o^j, ¦-. / / \ \\ Blue, Black and the latest changeable color ef-
$21.50 I-eather Boas. I '4 vards long, ior l ? iO " )W eacn */ - V \.\ fects; actual value $7.50; for. .. .Eacfi $5.00
HOLIDAY KID CLOVES J^^^^. RegnIar$12.50SiIkPetticoatsonsaleat
EIULII/HI i\l*J VJLV/Wi-O. /»2?>r?tVr i KJk L U^ Extraordinary great value— of /t* ** CA
Never was our department better equipped with a splendid assort- f. a splendid ¦•¦ grade of Taffeta, UU.QU
rnent of reliable gloves ; for the Xmas giver. We ; guarantee every ¦ '.^^5^^ | ¦ Sln^&^fSS&'SSSa V O Each
pair we sell and fit them it desired. The best values at Jpl.OU, $l._o, fi$£-<ry<!f&b**^ with two rows ruche and extra silk dusk ruf-
Sl.oO and »-.OO a pair. - .. . W?M^d/^^- fle. ,. In colors of Red. Tan. Brown. Navy,
(We also issue Glove Orders.) -I"- S£|jP^
MOMDAY A GREAT DAY OF CREPE DE CHINE. ) t IMMENSE SAVINGS IN DRESS GOODS. •
J- S( ? TJ^V ° f the m eS^o n^r,?^ 11^/ 0^ We have P^pared some remarkable values in our. Dress Goods Depart-
Here is an offering that many will take advantage of—be- awg* ft m ent for Monday and Tuesday, and If you contemplate the purchase of a
cau^ you have an opportunity to buy the regular 1-00 qua - /ftt Dxess Pattern then this item will .Interest you— because the T fabrics are
i &^tfc^£J&\tt.™J^™i^l^Z J <*Z ti acutely correct and the prices the. lowest ever advertised for^SSifiS
< *£& S^Sffi "? 60c\Cradc^pycLTY BATISTE pn Salc,at 44c yard.
in colors of White. Cream. Maize. Pink. Light Blue. Nile. Lavender. Tan. All-wool. silk-finished 'Batiste. 3S' inches' -wide;? in' plain^ color corded ft.
Royal, Cardinal. Brown and Black; the actual ?1.00 grade, to be offered fects used so much for Waists" and Children's Dresses; in all the Drettv
the first time Monday at Yard -78 C - light and dark colors; sale price ...„...-". . ..... .... ... ¦. . ; . »Yard 44c
two geeat black sax specials. •>• \'$I.5O Quality ZIBEL1NE on Safe at '98c yard
37-iach Black Taffeta for $1.50 Peau d« Soie at " All-Wool' satin-finished Zibeline. 50 inches wide — a splendid fabric for
The identical quality sold 7C P v rf 21 " ij & h double - faced QC n Bf i Long Coats and Dresses, in colors of Navy, Brown, Red, Gray, Green and
elsewhere at $100 a yard; « 0C I D Black Peau de Soie— the vOC JU Black; great value at Yard 08c
fully 27 inches wide; very heavy quality bo extensively used for $1.23 Quality » LACK BROAD. LOTH on Sale ,^ fj c vard
and lurtrous; for Monday and Tues- Dresses or Waists; every yard The best offer of the year— only 5 pieces of 52-inch ll-wool Black Broad
day at Yard 75c guaranteed actual value *1.50 yard. clot h: an extra heavy weight; splendid Black; fine grade for lW Colts
Offering of $1.00 Grade CORDUrfOY for 7Fc yard. and Suits; worth $1.25; for ? .TYafd 85c
We place on sale to-morrow 30 pieces fine grade Corduroy, 23 Inches $1.75 Quillty Shk and Woo! CREPE DE PARIS for «Sf OR vard
wide; a superb grade for complete Suits or Waists; in colors of Navy, High-grade silk and wool Elack Crepe de Paris, 46 inches'wide- a beAii
Drown. Cardinal. Castor. Light Blue and Pink. This make of Corduroy is tiful and clingy fabric; perfect fast black dye? rich^ and [ IustS
much in demand now, so you had better not delay purchasing. I actual value $1.75; for , .Yard gl 25
¦ g\ Au^SmobH^nd 11^ . I LADIES' UNION SUITS AT SPECIAL | R| hhoil RpdlirfiAtiC
f 1 Wrist Bags PRICES THIS WEEK ¦ IllUUUII 1%^/UUlr LIUIIO
/ 'Tdil-J»jM^ % This should be yo S ur 75c CradctrUon Suits at 50cca-h A very interesting sale of Holiday Ribbons, Rep-
«^JXll3S^ C-'uTstockt^yelr^pJe 3 : t t n-ced "!no" 2^^n^ lut-Onel- resented are Ribbons for all pur P08es _ f()r nec L
BE W^^^^ S ?///A «ntif thoVhoicest and rar- in *~Z we J' made> " r ' ished peairs - nlceIy lrlmmt>d ' b0WS and fancy work " The Qualities are strictly of
\V.\V;- ',.'erW''\V«§£7Aa new ar.d desirable styles. 5l.^o Grade Union Suits at 98c each prices for this week:
tel?^w| t S h^ PeS vaTu d e s COl a °r r e nBS un a a^ 5^? 15 °^ PlGCCS n^ > Baby RIbbo "= — 1 ftp
UV^^Vv'iOM^VV^^fl proachable ««»>«>. rcjrular value $1.25. for OSc each. ranted pure silk; in every shade in pop- hftC
\ivW^VllF«^ ri.«if- l »„.«« ' 5L65 OneIta Unlon Suits at $1.25 each «lar use; reg. value 12^c; for ...J^ Piece
0Ur CrCat Leaders n Ladies' Oneita UnlonSnlw. in white and sray. 1200 Dieces No 2 Satin i.nH n™* n , .
this Week: Z^.g^o™ 1 - nZIZ? ! SuSiik? ?n S sha n dL nd o 3 / 08^^! o c
$100 Bags, S1.25 each. 75c Bags, 48c each. / 52.50 Onelta"0nVonSultsat"$i.95 " r r ea . m : .^.'.^f^.f^f' etc - : worth 50^'j uOj; w
Wrltt Bags. walruB le»ther. A Krcat leader of new „ , Th * [regular $2.50 grade Ladles' Oaelta Union ¦ "
in tan, gray, brown and "Wrist Bags, ncweet shape. In ? ¦«• ln ,_ whlte and Kray, 85 per cent wool, excel- S00 pieces No. 5 All-Silk Taffeta Rib-1 mmi
black, beautifully flnished. the leading colors; regular U e "t flnlah. steam shrunk, on sale at....gl.O5 each bon, the best quality; 1-inch wide; in the hf\C< .
v.ith extra pui-no; re^ulaf value 75c. for 4Sc. > ¦¦^|^^^"^"""""^"'"""'"»—^ newest shades; worth 10c; for • J U ¦\ r r* rr i
y v\?vZ *i?tTn* $4 - 50 **&> J3 - 50 Mch - t, Handkcrc hiefs for Christmas 2O o pi**. 3%-mch satm Kn*3^fk£m
dl.CO liagS, il.OU eacn. Automobile Bass of genu- . If . >'°" w> nt handkerchlefe for youmelf or for gifts. bon. all-silk; in the best colorings; worth FIX"
Automobile JSaxs. with ex- Jne walrus and Saffian "JT e 8 tn« opportunity— by far the best values cbtaln- 25c; onisale at J '^YarH
tru purse and card case of leather, in all colors, beau- aWe anywhere, and the variety most extraordinary. ; ....... «i u
SPECIAL LEADERS FPH T0;M Q RR0W . ¦ . ,-
l\'TFRF<5Tl\r. I APF <sAI F Initial Hand k ts ] ErnbroideredKdkfs] ' SlAlio^'li/ llff^ff*^ncr
sw Jn7,sl! N b ?ciiP h L s^-, oclu^ ,,^'t.^-^.90c- .Mj.-4-..^.iii,- nwiiuay Aprons.
SIS:,-SSS? to *^f-r r ™" U r*" 0 "" "- sFFlrlFi a Bm 53S2 .JSt'&d.. .Aprons for maid, nurse or. mis-
2EEDAZ.X.XOXT "VXH1SE — In White. Cream anfl «-5. ior 00c a Kercmeis, regular ........ " , .
Miimim. uZSktam VKf- y ;, , extensive ? tock t0 -
-ftSaSP'-JBfSSS'srs iS8«fe&S^ !Sr^ 3 i 25c SS SI.SO select from - AI1 daintily tucked and
;&»! &&&& Each SSS a BOX trimm ? d: others embroidered. Priced
rst patterns in edffiags and insertions; rare values; chiefs. great - kerchiefs, worth f rnm OC r Cf\. f rt £1 CCi '~~U
priced per dozen at. 1 ... Dozen ioc. Sue. 50c. Guc value J $2 J TiOm CDC, OU- 10 #1.jU each. • '.
. SpLEND|D SAV|NGS in- FLANNELS. " ) t SPECIAL PRICES IN PEQUOT SHEETS AND CASES. '
EIDERDOWN FLANNELS, OOP 60c FRfc\Cli PLA.\NELS, OfTP A purchase much under regular prl ce ; permlu us to offer you the best grade
60 pieces all irool Eiderdown /M*-* All wool French flannels; a fine .1 51** Pequot Sheets and Pillow Cases for less than the cost of material bv th« v&rd
fianr.el. the regular 40c trade *« Wy«i grade, extra hea\-y. In solid WWrird »,/,««. •«»»"')"«« *«"¦
so much In demand for Bath Robes, Kl- colora of Rose. Tan, Light Blue, Cadet, Pequot Sheets. 63x00. worth CTo for.. 57c $10.00 BLANKETS FOR O I* 7K
mono* and Eacques in Cardinal. Pink. Gray. Cardinal." Reseda, Navy and Black: Pequot Sheets 72x90 worth 72c, for..C3c Extra large size all wool Call- \h' ' ' *»
Lif:h n, BI^ e - Gr * y * Lavendcr » Tan . Nav y s<?lls regularly at (50c yard. Special. 35c Pequot Sheets. 81x00. worth 77c for.. 07c *°rn}a White Blankets, very l3U Etch
and 10c C TENNIS FLANNELS. Oip S£ $1 00 CHEVIOTS FOR r Q p JSlSlSSj^jgSfe^^
2S00 yards heavy and fleecy Ten- Hi V» Sonl# cf th(? « wel ,« t Bty , e , | n the nMl> Feq "°* f« x'/tm P , ,v=,u * 1 it $6 Eiderdown Comforters f\ I DC
nls flannel, for cowns. sklrtsor U4y»rd finest Oxford Cheviots in white W WYird 72-ln. TABLE LINEN fOf QCP Full size iflne Blderdnwn r-nm V/l 1 85
chl'.dren'e underwear, la link and Blue and colored grounds; they were $1.00; re- The regular ?1.00 quality; Xhl» fortera " with «aY*«n iflM" « v
[ stripe, worth 10c yard. , duced for Monday to SOc yard. J choicest designs. U^Ytrt choicest wlrt^Vo ff ea Th7
Holiday Umbrellas ™*™~ 3 ,™ E p-^ |~| $5 QQ Firtprrjnwn Rhhoo
FOR MEN AND WOMEN. M /&fJL — jffilLLJ 'M J, J^T\\ VW1UU L-IUU I UU fill 1 1 U U U 0 f
SjmHmSS to $7.50 Each, '^^^^mtmmm 00^ llglSiB:
M . i i i-MiMjmBinitatijjiiiiiiijjjj--.- ,-¦-.- _ ' '•' _i_._ii in i ii i ii i ¦ ¦imii mi i a ' : ' : ' "*.*.• ••••••.•••• Each #3.05
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEHEirrS.
Ceh CktiitinaA i'SuffUttm-
BhUkEMm lwBg'T T^Mlj'HJcslsaB^^sll^Hi«M^BIsBMWssB»^^^^^^V# -V * * bp 1 3 1 '
Qiristmas is about here Don't throw your money
away on some nonsensical article that will give only t
temporary pleasure. A fine piano is the choicest of all \
gifts. Buy it from us, and it will be a thing of beauty
and a source of joy forever. «*t •**•*•** «j*' : '•**•** !
• \ ¦- • %
t- ' ::' : " v i ¦•••••
931-933 Market Street - San rranclsco
Other Stores Oakland, Sacramento, San Joss and Fresno.
_^_ ' ' - " j
I Just the thing for the. holidays. You can select them . a
now and have them, dejiyered at any time you wish. Our f
aim is to please,. and our salesmen, will take pleasure in show- %
ing you our immense stock dt odd pieces, complete #
parlor suits, bed sets, carpets, rugs, rockers, pictures, etc We. #,
mark our goods 20 per cent lower than anywhere else, as we \ h
have no rent to pay and give our patrons the benefit in low »
.prices and easy terms. . a
THE J. NODNAN FURNITURE CO. |
1017-1023 mission St., Above Sixth St. |
DS. A. J. BHOBE8 ' SPSCIAXTTES SB. O. W. SHOBI3
*s dial ill VylllCU, §0 Medicia* Tree. siseasei. \l
£o.t Vigor of Men-6 Weeks. "° . «?* • «« ;
Blood Di.ea.es-X to 3 Montis. . »"• «*««' ¦£$&£$*»& %
Contracted Dioorder* — 1 to 10 Says. L^— i
DISORDERS OF MEN-PAY WHEN CURED
If you suffer from any . of ' the We cure yon- first-and -then aak a
weaknesses or disorders caused by REASONABLE FEE when you are
S O OU n ARE tSe'veRY PErIoN . cured. You can depend upon our
WE WANT TO TALK TO. word. Thousands of. patients have
We have proved our'skill'in cur- Indorsed us. -NOW WE WANT TO
ingr all CHRONIC diseases by pub- CURE YOU— with the distinct -un-
lishins thousands of voluntary- tes- ; derstandinp that we will not de-
tlmonlals of home people, giving , mand a FEE until we cure you. We
names, pictures and addresses. cure LOST* VIGOR, Organic -Weak-
* WE CAN'T FTJBIiISH OtJR ness, Spermatorrhea. . Strictures,
CUBES XK SPECIAIi DISEASES etc.. and all weaknesses of men. We
Because it would betray confidence. absolutely cure Varicocele. or it
Hence we have to prove our skill In don't cost you a penny. Consulta-
this > class of - troubles In another tion and advice FREE, by letter or *».
way. This is our plan: - in person. CALL OR WRITE. I
Office Bran: 9 a. m. to i:39 p. n.; malogt, 6:39 to 8; 8aa3*ji »ad Holid.yi, 10 to 13. ; |
Drs. Shores & Shores, Expert Specialists, 933 to^SffV gSACRAMENTO, Dec. 5. — Eugene |
A. Iring, a molder in the Southern
Pacific Railway foundry, was killed
by electricity while working in the
foundry this morning. Iring struck
an arc lamp with an iron rod while
standing 1 on some iron rails, which
grounded the .. circuit and allowed j
6650 volts to pass through hi3 body.;
He died almost instantly.
Electricity Kills a Molder.
NEVADA CITY, Dec. 5. — W. H.
Breckman lost about 300 sheep by
drowning recently. They were part
of a band .of several thousand pas
tured on the Scoggins place, ten miles
north of Colma, on the east side of
the Sacramento River. In driving the
sheep to high land 1000 got separat
ed from the others, but of the thou
sand 600 odd were eventually saved.
Three Hundred Sheep Drowned.
BAKERSFIELD. Dec. 5. — Tim Ca
sey of Randsburg is at the hospital
with one leg amputated/as the result
of a terrible experience at . the bot
tom of a shaft where he spent three
days and nights of suffering. „ Casey
claims to have been thrown into the
shaft, but it is thought he fell in while
intoxicated. He was well-nigh dead
when found.
Falls Into a Mine Shaft.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 6. — The annual
election of the San Jose Grange, Pa
trons of Husbandry, to-day resulted as
follows: C. R. Williams, worthy mas
ter; F. H. Babb, overseer; Mrs. E. B.
Marcen, lecturer; William Reed,
steward; M. P. Bush, assistant stew
ard; Mrs. C D. Meder, chaplain: Cy
rus Jones, treasurer; Mrs. L. Wood
ham, recretary; A. N. Allen, gate
keeper; Maud Bennett, Pomona; Ma
bel Bennett, Flora;. Josephine Jonea,
Ceres; Frankie Stockton, lady assist
ant steward; Mrs. A. Hall, organist;
J. O. Cook, trustee.
San Jose Grange's Officers.
CHICAGO, Dec. 5. — In a raid on a
supposed thieves' resort the police, it
is said, have stumbled upon a counter
feiters' den. In his effort to escape
Charles Belknap engaged in a struggle
with Sergeant Miller and was shot.
Mrs. Frances Belknap, his wife, later
was taken into custody. Both will be
held for Captain Porter of the Govern
ment secret service, who will be noti
fied of their arrest. Belknap and his
wife occupied four rooms. One was fit
ted up as a laboratory and contained
all the most improved appliances for
making counterfeit silver dollars. Thir
ty-five bogus dollars were confiscated
by the police, together with a trunkful
of tools.
Chicago Police Make Important Dis
covery Resulting in Shooting
of One Man.
SEARCH FOB THIEVES;
FIND COUNTERFEITERS
The property of the Royal mine Is
being guarded by pickets appointed by
the union. The Sheriff was In Hod
son this week, but declared there was
no necessity for his presence. No out
side men have been secured by 'the
mine owners, but the foremen are
keeping down the water so that no
damage will result to the works.
STOCKTON, Dec. B. — A special
from Hodson is to the effect that a
settlement of the strike at the Royal
mine is expected within a week. It
is emphatically denied* that there has
been any suffering at Hodson, a
boarding-house having been establish
ed and all the miners and their fam
ilies cared for. Enough contributions
have been sent in from the surround
ing country to maintain most of the
idle men.
Labor Trouble in Calaveras County
Said to Be Near Its
End.
EODSON MUTE STRIKE
SOON TO BE SETTLED
Every newspaper and periodical de
voted to the interests of etockralsers
•will be Invited to send representatives
here, and the daily papers of Oregon,
Washington and Idaho will be especial
ly requested to send correspondents to
the convention, which will be the most
important gathering of stockmen ever
held in the United States. Questions of
great moment to the industry will come
up for consideration, and plans for de
veloping the various branches of the
cattle industry will be discussed. The
various railroads have made special re
duced rates for the convention from all
parts of the East and the Pacific Coast.
Secretary Martin will leave Portland
to-morow night for Boise, Idaho, to at
tend the conventions of the Idaho Cat
tle Growers' and the Idaho Wool Grow
ers' associations, which will be held in
Boise next Tuesday. Great importance
attaches to the Idaho conventions, as
the eheepgrowers and stockmen of
Idaho are entitled to 160 delegates to
the National Livestock Association
meeting.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 5.— Secretary
Charles F. Martin of the National Live
stock Association to-day issued the of
ficial call for the national convention,
which is to be held here January 12 to
15, inclusive. The call Is addressed to
the members of the National Livestock
Association and all others Interested in
the fostering of the cattle industry. It
is expected that the convention will be
attended by 1500 delegates from the va
rious States and cattle associations,
besides attracting to Portland 2000 ad
ditional \1sitors.
The city of Portland has requested
Governor Chamberlain of this State to
extend an invitation to the Governors
of all the States of the Union, and par
ticularly to Impress upon the chief ex
ecutives of Washington, Idaho, Mon
tana. Nevada and California the ulti
mate good to their various common
wealths to be derived from personal at
tendance. ,.»V *
Fifteen Hundred Delegates
Expected to Attend
the Session
National Convention to
Open in Oregon in
January.
CALL IS ISSUED
TO CATTLEMEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 6, - 1903.
25
i Save .
Weak_Men.
I Have Discovered the Marvelous
Secret of Perpetual Youth and
Undying Manly Vigor and I
Give It to You Free.
Mj Hysterical Compound Startles tie World
With Its Wonderful (hires -With This .
M&mloss Secret No Man Can Grow
Old end it is My Mission os Earth .
Eesce forth to Brizg All Jaded,
Wern-Out Ken to This
Fountain of Youth.
Send 5o Montj— Simply Send Toar Name and
Address and This Marrelo&i Ccspourd
Wffl Be Sent Ton bj Eetara Mail,
Prepaid and Acsalctely Free.
I have discovered the marvelous se-
cret of perpetual life and vlgror In men,
Tp me It has been given to bring to the
fallen, weary, worn-out brothers the
knowledge of this priceless boon, and
even to the uttermost ends of the earth
I send my message of love and peace
and hope and help. Unbelievers may
scoff and cry "fake," but I heed them
not. My work has Just begun and I am
saving men.
The secret of this mighty healing
power, this vital life epark, this mar-
velous tonic fluid Is known to me alone.
"So BXsa Xs I>ost — There Is a Snr* Cor*
for Every Weak Kia." — Dr. Ferris.
It is mine to give to whom I will and
my works go before me. Doubt not!
1 ask no man to believe me, but I give
to every weak man free this priceless
boon and it restores him instantly to
the strength and powerful vigor of
youth. With this marvelous, mysterious
compound, which I have discovered
only after a lifetime devoted to search
through all the realms of science, and
the archives of the ancients, it is possi-
ble for every weak man to have for his
own the glorious manly power, the un-
tiring vigor and the long life of the
patriarch? of Bible times. With this
mysterious compound no w<>ak man
v. ill ever again be troubled with impo-
tency, vital losses, nightly emissions,
spermatcrrhea. varicocele. prematur-
ity, defective power or lack of vital
energy.
Send me no money. It is my duty,
guided by an Unseen Hand— it is my
mission on earth — my life work — to lift
Up the fallen, heal the weak and cure
the maimed or undeveloped; and to ev-
*ry man who has lest his vital power
or finds it waning. I send my message
of love and peace and health. I can
save him and I will save him and re-
store him to many years of happiness
and the Impetuous vitality and vigor-
ous manhood of perfect health and
youth.
Remember, it matters not how old
you are; it matters not how you lost
your manhood, or when you lost it. It
matters not what doctors or scoffers
say. This is no ordinary drug or stim-
ulating method of treatment, but it is
the vital spark of life itself, and it
matters not how many remedies and
doctors have failed, I have repeatedly
and instantly renewed the youth of old
men. My secret compound never fails.
I have often Instilled into Jaded men j
new vitality, health and strength. For \
worn-out men I have oft kindled, in an ;
Instant, and to stay, the sparkling vi-
tality of youth. Write to me to-day
and tell me in strictest confidence all
about your case. My private address
is Dr. C. Sargent Ferris, 368 Strawn
building. Cleveland, Ohio, and I urge
every weak man to come to me, for I
will give him undying strength, the su-
preme Joy nnd happiness of perfect
manliness. My wondrous discovery* has i
startled the world by its miraculous ef-
fects, yet I Beek not fame nor glory. It
suffices me if I may be the humble in-
strument of Nature's greatest power in
bringing all men into the enjoyment of
their true manliness and I do it free.
In the time allotted to me here on
earth I shall do all that In my power
lies to give my fellow men the beneSt of
this great secret and my reward shall
be in the knowledge that I have done
unto others as .1 would that others
should do unto me.
I Wright I
Medical Institute, !
305 KEARNY ST. j
Thoroughly «*Tu!ppe<f -/or mofiern
- treatment of the- nick and afflicted.
' Consult our physicians at office or by-
letter.
TVE POSITTVELT CURE P
Female Diseases, chronic affections of
the Sfomach and Kidners, Scrofula and
all Blood dlseiu<*s. Catarrh. Aethraa.
nheumat'.Fm. Sciatica. Paralysis and
Spinal <JIsc-ase*.
MI>TC. consult our *peelal!*t and b«
convinced of bis superior ability. '
PILES and ell rectal diseases treated j
en a positive guarantee.
Consultation free fct office or by
letter.
"WRIGHT MEDICAt. INSTITUTE. '
305 KEAR-NT ST.. *
San Francisco, Cal.
I " 8OLD tVSKTWHEM. !
M HUMBERT MthCANTlLK CU..
H Pacific Onast Agenta,
WEEKLY CALL, $1.00 PEB YEAE.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Whatman is there who would not appreciate a smoking jacket as a Christmas present? It is one of the
most appropriate and sensible gifts possible. There js relief and comfort in laying aside the every-day coat in
the evening and donning a smoking jacket. The garment daily reminds the recipient of the thoughtful giver.
AH our' smoking jackets are made by us in our own workshops, from material bought direct from the
weavers. Through these facilities we are enabled to save every customer from $2.00 to $5.00 on a jacket.
The money saved in purchasing from us leaves more to spend on other gifts.
Our assortment of smoking jackets is the largest on this coast— for variety of patterns, scope of colors, as-
sortment of materials and style of garments.
Remember, anything purchased here may be exchanged after Christmas if desired, either for goods of the
sameoradifferentcharacter.' In every instance an equivalent in value will b^given in exchange, or money refunded.
i ii r ¦
Smoking Jackets Dressing Gowns
BELOW you will find a partial description of our immense » tt TE also manufacture our bath robes and dressing
if X^e" \ A 7 and arc therefore able to give you the same
fastened with a loop. ! V V benefit !" re^rd to prices, assortment and workman-
In selecting a smoking jacket as a gift the chest V ' ship as we do with our line of smoking jackets,
measurement is all that is required in determining the size. ' A dressing gown or a bath robe makes a very •
Smoking jackets made of double-faced Janus cloth, in exford, handsome and sensible gift. The garment affords such comfort
i^|^|gl^gg|ii||p on^ose-evenings and Sundays when he .ounges about the
Smoking jackets made of tricot cloth, in brown, navy and The bath robes are mnde of eiderdown flannel in stripes,
wine color, at $5.00. '¦ checks and figures, in colors that harmonize with the ground color
Smoking jackets made of extra heavy mercerized matelasse, in of the garment. Almost any color can be secured, so enumeration is
black, brown and navy, at $5.00. ' not necessary. We have an excellent line of these goods, which
Smoking jackets made of silk matelasse, lined \yhh fine silk' we arc able to sell at very reasonable prices because* we made a
or. satin, at $10.00. fortunate purchase cf the material. A bath robe of equal quality
Smoking jackets made of velveteen, lined with plain or quilted ¦ to ours usually sells fronv$io.oo to $12.00, but we have put a price
satin, in green, tan, black, brown, navy and garnet, at $3."oo. of $6.00 on our robes. . .r-<. . ,.t
The above pictures were sketched from life from a group of The dressing gowns are made of double taced Janus cloth. The
models who had put on some smoking jackets taken from our stock .. plaid inside'of the cloth folds over and forms the trimming; the
for the purpose. While the sketches are accurate and are well ex- gowns are fastened with two loops and have a heavy girdle with
ecuted, they fail to give. a correct idea of the , garments. You tassels around the v.aist: the garments are cut extremely long
must see the harmony of colors in. the jackets themselves to prop- and come almost to the ankles. The prices for dressing gowns are
erly appreciate their beauty. $10.00, $12.50 and $13.50.
Ij1g.iI urosrs _* . % ill' Ik S j&f*^ RflBrchctnuiSG
by mail as wetl as though "" $ /yjr y^ *»,„„ ,,,'y „„„ „ ¦i l , l .'., ll ¦ fun'm^i^ the pattern, color, styie
the purchase was made in /: •-* and size he desires. We ts-
person. Address DeptL 740 JYlflTKCt StlT©£t sue orders tor any amount
ADVSBTXSEXS2TTS.THE SAN FRANCTSCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 0, 1903.
STAGE FAVORITE
WILL APPEAR IN
A RURAL DRAMA
CLEVER LITTLE SOUBRETTE
WHO IS WITH "FOR
MOTHER'S SAKE."
Marie Heath' Is to Star in
New Play at the Grand
Opera-House.
?
One of the main features of "For
Mother's Sake," the new play that
opens at the Grand Opera-house this
afternoon, will be the reappearance
in this city of Mis3 Marie Heath. The
clever little soubrette created a fa
vorable impression when she appear
ed here a few years ago in the farce
comedy, "A Turkish Bath." y..;:-'
Miss Heath has been starring
throughout the East for several sea
sons past and has gained the distinc
tion of being one of the cleverest sou
brettes on the American stage. No
doubt she will be warmly welcomed
when she makes her appearance here
this afternoon., ;':
Miss Heath will play the part of Jo
Pemberton in the rural drama, "For
Mother's Sake," which- has been es
pecially written for her. She has all
the requirements and is capable of
portraying the character in every re
spect.
l ¦ • ¦ •
ARGUMENTS ON EPPINGER
MOTION ARE CONTINirEI
Attorney J. C. Campbell Contends
That Doings of Grand Jury
Are Secret.
The preliminary argument on the mo
tion of Herman Eppinger of the bank
rupt firm of Eppinger Bros., charged
with obtaining money by false pre
tenses, to quash the indictment on the
ground chiefly of being compelled to
testify against himself before the
Grand Jury, was resumed before Judge
Lawlor yesterday.
Attorney J. C. Campbell for the pros
ecution argued at considerable length
in reply to Attorney Henry Ach to
show that the 'doings of the Grand Jury
were not open to review, but were se
cret, and he submitted numerous au
thorities In support of his contention.
He spoke for nearly four hours.
It was decided to continue the matter
till next Friday morning, when Attor
ney Peter F. Dunne will on behalf of
the defendant argue the point as to
Receiver Wadsworth and the experts
who examined the books of the bank
rupt firm being compelled to testify be
fore the Grand Jury.
¦ ¦» ¦
Accused of Forgery.
H. F. Bogel of the firm of Grosse &
Bogel, saloonkeepers, 34 3 East street,
secured a warrant yesterday for the
arrest of Edward \V. Hesse, a ship's
steward, on a charge of forgery. It is
alleged that Hesse on December 1
got Bogel to cash a check for $27 50
on the London, Paris and American
Bank, purporting to be signed by
James Markham. The check was
worthless, the bank not having any.
customer of the name of James Mark
ham.
George H. Thomas Circle.
An open recital meeting- of Georg<
H. Thomas Circle, Ladies of the Granc
Army of the Republic, will be held ir
Elks' Hall,' Sutter street and Gram
avenue, between 2 and 5 o'clock in tht
afternoon of Tuesday, December 15,
On that occasion Miss Mabel Smitten
will recite "The Flag," and Miss Hel
en Heath and others will take part
in the programme of entertainment.
Tea will be served.
26
charge of grand larceny, but was tried
and acquitted.
keys were found in his pockets. He was
arrested some months previous on a
CONVICTED PRISONERS i
APPEAR FOR SENTENCH
James McGee Will Serve a Six
Months' Term and F. L.
Wise One Year.
James McGee, who was tried before
a jury in Judge Cook's court on Thurs
day oh a charge of burglary; and in
whose case the Jury disagreed, pleaded
guilty yesterday. He was sentenced to
serve six months In- San Ouentin, the
same penalty imposed on Friday upon
William Davis, his companion in the
crime, who also pleaded guilty. They
broke into , the - premises of the Pacific
States Type Foundry, 508 Clay street,
on September 20. .
F. L. Wioe, alias Harry Ives, 'who
, was convicted by a jury In Judge
i Dunne's court on a charge of attempt
to , commit burglary, was sentenced
yesterday to serve one year In Folsom
j penitentiary. '.Wise had, been; a bellboy
I at a private hotel at 820 push -street,
but had been discharged." "On July 18 he
.was discovered - In ; the ; room of ; ¦ M iss
Evelyn Vahdusen, and when searched a
"Jimmy" and a number J of: skeleton
and Mrs. A. F. Tracy, president of the
guild.
Pension for Mrs. Violet J. Mogan.
City .'Attorney ."Lane advised -the Po
lice Pension Fund Commissioners yes-"
terday : that the prospect of a reversal
of a decision by Judge Graham that
Mrs. Violet J. Mogan Is entitled , to a
pension is very slight, although he will
appeal the case unless instructed to
the contrary. There was no question
of.. law- involved in the case and. the
court found against the board named
simply, upon the facts presented.
- — ¦ — » ? ¦ ¦ — ' -•'
Wrong Description in Deeds.
City Attorney Lane advised ¦• the
Board of Supervisors '•¦ yesterday that it
is not within i A power to correct an
erroneous description" in an' outside
lands^deed where, the description in the
deed •¦ as issued by the board conformed
to ; that given In the, petition for # the
deed.
.'; ¦ ¦ . m '» '
Everything that is new, good and mod
erate.priced in trunks, valises, dress" suit
v cases, traveling sets, pockeCbooks ~. arid
wrist bags for the holiday ¦ trade now on
sale.;- Air leather goods lettered in". gold
free of charge. Sanboru. Vail & Co.: .,•,,...
ST. STEPHEN'S LADIES' |
GUILD HOLDS BAZAAE
Women of the Belvedere Mission
Raise Money for Church.
Building Fund.
The Ladies' Guild of St. Stephen'.*,
mission of Belvedere held a Christ
mas fair and bazaar yesterday after
noon and evening at Century Hall,
1215 Sutter street. The proceeds of
the sales of the articles on exhibition
are to go to the building fund of the
church.
The hall was prettily decorated with
greens and flowers. In the center was
a large Christmas tree all decorated
and covered with things for sale. A
number of pretily gowned dolls were
rapidly disposed of.
The fair was attended by a' large
number of people and the guild 'will
realize a neat little sum for their
building fund..
Among those that worked for the
success of the fair were Mrs.' C. E.
Holmes,"' Mrs. Edgar .Wilson, Mrs. J.
\V. . Mailllard, .'. Mrs. ; J. ", W. ; Edwards,
Mrs. Ebeiiezer Scott, Mrs. J. Stewart
j Get one of our Clove or W» am. ff(f%^ff\!ft i6T A If^ Vfik V 90 A flk ?t7*v We have thousands of other
Merchandise orders. Nothing H^B 81^!^ i H^ ll^T*" Ok 0 &%J B^HH^^^i f^J HH Ideas that are equally as interest- j H
better cs gifts. | & AVI % jE^%^ Sl^l A M i^AaiHr Ing end desirable «« these. ||
. I We have a toy stock and a line of holiday novelties I 1
DolSs-Dressed, Undressed! " 8Ver h * {0 ™ e(^ ! n '90* **£ v J riet y » thi f [#« I Wheel Toys of All Kinds
! — Our entire basentent is a veritable fairyland with its I —^ ' : — 'I
f^DE^ssEDjDoit^Theyare thousands of toys and games t»o interest the children. iffl^lS'SWeiT |
"a'SrfffJjS; I Every wish the children and their elders may moke S&32 ; »4.oa££5 jk S
5SS. Sg^^ffiSai^SSffi can be satisfied at, this.SAN FRANCISCO'S FASTEST H
GROWING STORE, and at, prices that, the best, S:"" sfrom « 3 — /\\J^W^
H"C?'^ffiCsi possible values. The European and Eastern -markets 8U *SSfS y S8 ~ T^ h^^L ifijgp^
So d s nio°n thers are made of have been so thoroughly searched that, every new idea 5E£ ln iY-tae"5 whe f ei u s ! t^fc>J
• is included in our stock. . SfcfflWnSi: 1^ V// \V
\ W v4' addition to the splendid values GREEN TRAD- ¦*¦ 'a**™*** J**J-*^~~
\^Wn*W ING STAMPS wai be Siven with every purchase. Think feiffiy 1 ?^^^^ -SSTSSisJSSSS
what, that, means— a premium from the stamp com- lMJSlHS-^^^@ SJ"; with *£?/ i3xj':
/HAl/iliil^X^; « • « * ¦ • ~m.m . » <^itr/ri^-" j -^-^T"T? : f. i r i jf? 3 CS. J*1.05- Three other m
pany which can also be given as a Christmas token. /<$fti\ ™ vg^gj Bt "^ waooss- [ 1
1 To^^witi^^Sc^dresr^ 1 Iron and Mechanical Toys, , 8T o S^ 5g .- h Thi : 8o "°* [j
M From 25c to 81.00- ~~~~ "~~~~^ — — —^ — — - — _— — — — j wooden body. Iron B ¦ r]
S3 some extremely new novelties among T nnnuoTTvr \ mnri^i me- ffiK^l^i.1 rTe-> ? ?^^^e c= ~ a V^^»^l/ rti^— -_-t.— „ S
I /V^ -TV - the lot and will give great amuse" , t °. C ° 1 ,*™^ nainTed 'SE^^ VaaL^>~ ' **aJ2?- /T^^ aOllX> ' OO-CASTS — H
» /A - /CSQ ment to the children. They ran K e in chan 'f and' nStiest W^M 1 ' TBOI.LX7 OAA-Tbis caria /L*S*Jl Made of wlllow - From I
I K ta^ C4 price from 15c to 65c' In the brightest -and prettiest [tt^^^ complete in every detail and tg*£My ift( . to « i •» O O Bit P
If V 1 / ¦ -n-r.,^ =-t» « colors. It oporatps with the i^^fff-Sgk patterned after those used on £j&£30 fc.l-.iM). u-wt ra
tfl idX 1 t(vb«? «A iJ7 o«° BOLL OS ]east trouble of any mechanical the regular street railways. t£?*M&3 strong enough to carry W
a «nv V Tor " ¥ — -o-inch, -,»c. . . VP - r . Prlcpq It is painted In pretty colors. ... ..,_,. rilfC~J , _. W
I i V^ UNDBESSED DOLLS-Ther. are S™*!* S ¦ HTJ S DUTCH Pric %».?' C 5P- Z 5 ? 18 , to J,,r '* small children. They are |
I Vw4^ a11 stylca and 9lzes of these dolls: 83.8o. D XT T C H o of the hundreds of differ- /Z3P=^ also made of wire, with g
H N=^r^ jointed, kid and composition bodies. . MH.I. — This ent designs that sell from 15c • ,. , v , * li
H W V4 Thcy come from 10 t0 3G tochos in. :r * ls a model of to Jo.00. -» jy^^^^CY/^n-s^ the recllnlns bacK - anJ fa
H f) f] holpht, and prices vary from 2oc to jr*JT 0 - e o f the fa- 1— fi-^-HU, fl » «w^ /\ ie'1 from <1 T^ to fl
R W L Sin.OO. according to the style of /7^ /^ != n ,n nL mm, ffftif \' / \ *-T*° S
S M P ' head, body and penoral workman- I '%^h^. A fti m0U Dutch mills. fl UR (J U \ /7oT^^'K^& 1 83.50- They are nicrly «
(^ Shlp ' Th "' S ' ZeS are b> ' llichcs and at j^i£^? | O^^^4^A! and is painted in beauti- £ | \ M 0 ! H, V^^^i \/ T\ # aint<>d in red "rpen ?nd N
I I "^ ~ 1 — < Z 1 'J^^'lfc^Tw^-7 rxCiiy\ chanlcal and can be ty//',. '~ -,,. '^j^m \ — i W
|Animals-RockmgHorses| W^M^^^^^^ W£^^. ]p o n Houses and Fiirmturej §
Bj X^a^ • rOKOE — This is an iron rorge on ||
t2 HOUSES Covered £"tt&s ' four wheels. It has an alcohol burner bQImIi HOUSES — These Jk. *BB
ta with hair and have &'£&&& SULKT — This mechanical as a fire lor its furnace, and the ap- houses come in a number /^ S SA. 'rf Jb± ti
M harno-ss and saddle xSsjtefifrlW^&X sulky has rubber tires and is plianc.es -include vise, hammer and sev- f different ««ize* and all yu-i? 1/°! H
H complete Thev run on '"» rt « °«" iron - ll has a nc S ro eral othcr tools - Vef y Practical. Price r al " ere "t sizes, and all y^=^_ »
H rollers. 25e to a^ driver. 15c to 91.50. 8^.5O. have glass windows, pretty /|-H(l t? fi|\\ \\
I erl n 25c t r o U Sl. n 5O r011 ' f f if ' b^LE SHXP-This" battle^Wp is STEAM LAUSCH-This i, one or a Bureau,. 1
It^^ow-Ts^ohanf ma^™?^^"™. whVels.^Tt i" bi S line of passenger steamboats. chiffoniers, chairs, pianos. V gjg M \ I
Ulll cow is mechan - "T'lT"' 0 -^ built on the "Monitor" plan and shows launches and submarines. The prices dishes, tables, toilet sets. .^yE^^tJ^t^ f
1 nreBsur" she will moo '!! J a complete armament. The prices are vary from U5c to 95.00. etc From 1HMn «- tft >#_ I
31 prcnsurp one \\ in iii'ju. si2K. KMflr from Cfco to *^ 1 etc- J: rom XOC S 4 «OO- £sCSSES3^&^j^^^Zi£mi^^^^laA m
I Novelties for Holiday Gifts :I^^^^^ft' Suggestions for Christmas |
I" LEATHER COOKS. .t^. . -JS^^S *-h« *«- I
H 50c— Seal grained music roll. ! *, " | "<LX . ;,;.-.. in white celluloid with gold mounUng. They are In 1]
i R 1.50— Burnt leather music roll. HOOK AND LADDEB—This is made of Iron, has two horses, a driver, a a •ai'/Jlz.stiihorn m int,rv ..» cn«— -.« . * II
I eled top. These are the newest shape. Special. A\ ffffrSSS^s MANICURE SETS » I
S $1.50 — Filled auto bags with chains or handles. //,1\ . • ////7777777f7777TrT& t ,. i ,* * I-l
I R1OO to *1«> OO— Filled carrlare baes l/\vv • • /l/////Ul//!IIIIE^ Jn celluloid. ebony, ebonold and sterling silver. H
| brf.vy to ul^.uu i mea carnage Dags. \\'\}\\ **MUlMll[lfnliti*S&± 05c a set— Four-piece set in celluloid box. Fancy*'
S 25<* to 75c each — Manicure articles; sterling sil- » //jinlrx/^K T^^j_B ffi MkLa leathe'r covered box. ' P 8Ce *' S
H »1 .OO to S5.00 a pair— Military brushes. // yl^T \\ TOILET SETS. ; ||
H 91.00 to $4.50 each— Hair brushes. // 2 U,\ <\ - " ¦ • ¦• • «5c a set— Ebony comb and brush; medium sUe and B
| 50c to .S2.5O-Clothes brushes. WMP I up ini "?«' bSx Unt Speciaj rU8h feal brtstles - Put I
| to 82.00 each— Hat brushes. . \ // # I &\\ \\ KOAH-S A»1C— The^e P e " u J old 8et: P"tty, comb and brush. |
I INFANTS' SILVER SETS. //j^'A % \\ «^^S JnWiS^^ ' tKllnt sU ™ I
1 up^p^tt^V satln~Hnea e ' f °* a " d 8P °° n - PUt Bs^^k^V prSe •» l S l »S}S^.5rSSa i^& SS'Sffif d'ilS'witS'ffi I
H up in pretty boxes, satin lined. g .J°"__-s S gy • SJSm »Sn to W man 8OkL Come ln a handsome leather covered 1 box H
§ <;.-« up— Knife, fork, spoon, napkin ring and cup. . *«i.UO. n rtV xrc H
n -5c and JJ5c a pair— : Napkin rings. r • ""s^n^rjr' i^ J^^ WUR.IV BOAE5.
M up — Nut sets. ;*;.. i^ X S_— -^ <!!?5 55>-J^^\ C^Afi.J^ ' ¦ J .*»Oc« each — A neat celluloid box, fancy design, con- H
m S MOKER V SPEriAI S VACHTS— ThfPo model yachts nro » tal *V'?iA O1 i r '"uJ- C^w» . •, * : 1
n inWJS-RS aPtCIAUb. b on fino sailinR ,, nes and are l^®^- 3^^^? , ? 1 '»V° m *•»•<>*>— :^ n elf^ant assortment, contain- B
if S?1.U5— Vienna Meerschaum pipes, with 14-karat named after all the champions of the Ing all articles used ln making up fancy work. H
I roll S. SSi-^iSSSS^ViS. 1 ™??^ ¦ • - , cannons and » ' FANCY BOXES. I
I mcJJn'p&STiS^ 1 preS^^u^rcairLitfn "fe. & M Sffi to " astcd ' Th£^ sel1 frOm 3c tO £& ! fr ° m - 5c tO * 2 -°°- PrCttl * cefeloVwfth^t??^"^ 1 ,^ f, n ? d CUff made of I
1 « ! h^' ; l9Trt lnc , s VV lu^ llty m ecr 8chaum pipe: bulldog "* * - ; ¦ ¦ -¦¦¦¦¦ ' ¦ ¦ -¦¦ ¦ $1.75. 92.OO. W.r.O and 93.50— Collar and I
H shape and straight stem. A big value. ' ' cuK boxes; silk and satin lined. ""**•"" "-«" ar ana i
7S c ,,.-,„_„,„ plp , sln _. p RAG ERS,1238-1250 Market Street, A mMl l^TZXr^^^ _,.
I 75c up to S3 .BQ-I.e.,,, t r e.»r c. 8 e.. — — A V JoneS r ,. «- JS?i»ff*E terSMK*' I
| B. KATSGHINSKI I
j Fbihddpbia Shoe Co. I
| 10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRAKCISCO. I
Adlolniar Call Buildiasr. [^
Holiday Novelties §
Prices That Talk |j
Evory day brir.KS you closer to |] ,
CfcrlStman. and if you are ROing to H
give any Sho^ present*, why. come A
to un. We haw tho finest assort- |
rr^r.t nf Holiday novo!ti«>i« In this |
city, and as usual our prices pre B j
' the lowest. Special for th« Chil- pi;
dren: Infants'. Children's and l
Misses' Medicated Red or Green I
Felt Fur-Trimmed Juliets, with I
U turned solr-s and ornamented with a
M a little bow and buckle: p
} ! Infants' sizes. 2 to 5...KOC K;
IS Child's sizes, 3 to 8. — (iHc G
Child's sizes, 9 to 11..-75C g
Misses' sizes, 12 to 2... 8 5c H
I
I Warm Lined Shoes!
"What overy lady actually re- B
Quires: Warm lined Shoes for these H
¦ cold days. Special — Tjadies* Kid ED
Foxed I^aco Shoes, with medicated H
fleece lining, pliable soles and low. B
broad heels. Sizes 3 to S.' TSE M
FSZCS OSTX.T SI.^5. U
Patent Leather Oxfords!
! Iv>oks so neat and stylish and nj
such h fin" fitter, ladies' Patent K
Leather Kid Oxford Ties, with yici fl ;
kid tops, etylteh toes and tips. 19 j
hund-turned. soles and high B
French hecli. OUB PEICE BE- B I
DUCED TO .Sl.H."i. Sizes 2H to H
T'j: widths A to C H
xt you desike to make a h
; fbeszztt asd do ztot know m
the 3ize ob style, bitv one q
or oub sh.oe obdebs. teet b
\m abe as good as cask abo m
'. made out rob any amou3tt. b
Mink Trimmed Juliets 1
! Now we offer tho besL The H
5 t:a.ir.c- Ep**aks for itself. Ladies' Bj
Finest Black or Green Colored H
a Felt Juliets, manufactured by Al- K|
6 Ireii Dolge and trimmed with S
i mini: ftir and ornamented wJth a E
B >;fat satin how. hand-turned xoles M
ft and low cork-covpred heels. OUR H
« ?aXCE O2TX.T 81;45. Sires 3 g
I Extra Well Made I
R Indies' Imperial Kid I^ace S
g| Ehoes. coin toes and patent leath- H
fl cr tips, durable soJes and military B I
! hf.cls. Sizes 2'i to 8; widths B to H
|| EE. THE FSICE S1.7."». K
B SAZTTA CI.ATJS XS VOW WITH B
Q "CB A»"D -WTIU. FBESEJTT A BOX ?
J OP CAIfOT TO EVEE-ST PUJl- FS
I CEASES WHO CAX.ZJS OS nrwr. H
B. KATSOHINSKI
i Fhiladdphia Shoe Co. I
J 20 TKIED ST.. Su Tx an Cisco. R
T3OTTCIJT7C tob bahbers, ba.
l?re*cr». t>trukl)in<$er«. cendx-ruakrn, canner?.
<!)eic. f.our niiiU. loundrios, l&undrie*. papcr-
h-nsff*. prtntf-rr. painter*. «ho« factorle*.
itsfclettiT »ar-rrv,j>r». tunnfrf. tailore. «tc
EUCHAKAIT BROS.,
3rnsb Iff anngactnrem. 60S Sacramento St.
Softools and Colleges*
XJJADJXG liirslNESS COLLEGB OK THE
WKf-T. Hi Pnt-t «U. S*n Krandsco. CaJ.
Steta^Uhea 40 y*ar«. • ¦- ' - Ofu entire ye»r.
*»>.t« for illustrated cttalcrue (free).
ADVEBTISEMENTSL
fc^ STOMACH -»
To strengthen the nerves, purir
fy the blood and open up the
clogged bowels, the Bitters
should be taken at once. It posi-
tively cures Sick Headache, Ner-
vousness, Dyspepsia, Indigestion,
Constipation, Chills or Malaria.
Be sure to try a bottle.
ADTERTISEl^EIfTS.
BBBBBBBBBaB9BH9BIIBBBB9aBBBBB3BHBBBBB9BSBZ!S2ia^
B «ii->_ -W -n-^. li
Btai . , , . . .T^BBB^^ BT«
BffTMTTMffBFMBBj fy^i*wgit^iii WWB^ ffP ' ri * ww Mffil LL I ¦ ¦IggBBffinTr'*- 11^ *
. ;.„.?: ¦¦¦¦¦¦i Ji
§ So greatly has our business grown that we have added r
§ another physician to our force. Hundreds arc being cured. **•
y You can be cured,. too. It will cost nothing to find but. and *j
5 ' nothing for treatment unless cured. You pay when cured, not *
2 ¦
§ before. Call and see us. Delay is dangerous. *
S FIDELITY RUPTURE CURE 5
m 1344 Market Street, San Francisco. • S
HSBIBflBBBBBBBBSBBBBBBBflBBBBBBBBBBBBBBflBBBBBBIPTHE, SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1903.
27
I j Transparent g*<&$En B 8(toM MshWS*i$i&® 1 Send for The Emporium now has on sale one of the most * I People MolMSBy LeattSBB* GOOtlS \
u _ w&asttuinwMUi *7®«^b <e,*«a^^ Emnnrsusn's varied and riches? collection of gift-things in America. who Isvo fI - . , . T, , , •. . . 4 ... ; .. , .;. 5
| No stock of these K o Q ds in California to equal the big store in Beginning -A fan day- December *14i ~ out of the . - Hundreds of leather pieces, suitable for gifts for either 3j
| point of variety, novelty of designs and artistic merit- . Holiday S ±. unt{l £ }^< ' ciiy_ rnen or women, on sale n California's largest leather goods depart- £
I . tih «-J Comb Sct-h ca«. n: tl i Udies' Work Box=s-Sat:n lining, complete 8ook A. _*£ J~^f should ment, in the rotunda, at very moderate prices. j
J trn.mM, c-.cor ; t.d porcelain b,cks. ... KW -. nf outfit; ... 5Qo to $ 3 .5Q Bulletin ?J«^ S?>^ ~ Order their Christ- Writing ¦ Portfolios- Grain bather, leather Udjc,' Combination Pocket Books-G^n- g
% $1.00,31.75 l wnvxin f/j JLg & • mas sift things at !»««, w th ink botte. etc.. ...... -«e «i' r .tu , S cc ; seal 75c; ,»^s»tor, m\
g TcretCaw-C.ntainingcoinb.fn.sL.m5r- * . pages, giving titles Wb^JffiM^M */ B ffgUfa yLJi^M^B^WffS moment. Postal other leathers, at prices ranging from. . Udles' Coin Pones-Moioee^ kid - Earf, '?
£ ,.r .ni miricure f.ttin^ Handkerchief Lox?s--Prtf tv drsi S ns, sit n Mt S 6S>-*^^K»-^ tf £3*^/1 %S &r£>rer&r i && jfiy-r-y authorities and Z1*25 tO 55.UO Jarre size . 35O "3
£ iia^fcS? l!nb3$/ 5B#£*£? T Z^rnf C^' F0RWIA>S UftOraiV^^ BSB^-^T^^^ Sffit^U&;SS?Sai2 Other Coin Purs tt - 7S c to ... 92 .OO J
J < V.;;a-.:,.,d,::rac-i,ec : s ? nV.. . . ! M.nkur. Sr.t-Cri:«'.oid eur, w.th comply for thousands of -«BSB«8®^^iljS™^ GBANDESTSTOHE 3^ Musk RolU- Pretty Uuccs 5
/?5cfo55.Qi outfit S1.O ) to $2.75 holiday gift books. ""S^Sg^gESs^* 8 **-^ AMERICA S GRANDEST.STOR& ing overtime. other styles . . . 7*cio $5.00 gram leather, very 4u«b!e . . St.OO .5
' f tSreai Thrss EBay §&ie if^fOlp A^Pf^^^T 1 " FfOI lOy&S^^ Siik Negligees, , |
t; f/f Quantities Last) /1r~^ * 1^V3 I i AV^L/1 1^4>\-1 K^^^I^fi^^^^ K'monas, House Gowns, J
|: Tivffied Suiting Flannels S&L f^^ TE^r^ f*¥ HT^¥ F\ IWT A ¥^^ y4, Sacques, ior Christmas Gifts |
t, 1 hese are Strictly all woo! heavy weight twilled suit- B 'sJP*fl **' ? P <^ -PT^JL * A m^—^ fl, j. Z^*^. jY 1 | jt^jbr-* M H >N^^, \ Sacquss »ai Ba'hRcbes make practical and appropriate Chr'cmas gifts. 5
* ir.g fiinnc's that can be used not cn^y Jor laciiei' suits, /' f fiT\^r ' - . * ¦ f^^SL -\ Our Silk Neg'igees are all oa-ntUy and tastefaliy made of China silks,
&• ,,,.i.; r - ,V:-». •;#. k,,» „'.« »"«r m.n'. , n^ Kftu« f w.»ar / 3 >l- S > TV /5T ______ * H«»! — . W3>>. \ b pretty jhades of pink, blue or plab white, trimmed w.th lacn, A
I etc., but also for men sand boys wea. / B «- A | w^^ I BT) | \ T^4~\ B^ Tk /f f> .1^ T^^ V rlfcLJrumin 8 ..nl acccrdeon pleatin... and r,n S= in price from £
I The colors green, b'ack, natural gray^ sheep's gray. \^T B f^ 10 1^ V P C J P^ I FI % / »T I J? rSC-V K- 1VI O> 01^7^^/ $8.75 iO $50. DO "5
* \^ £L ILILJI^. i. .H^^X-^ Jl .^jai^V.A M.M^M^AM^0 Short Kimon«ofsiaca.ba:ro,^llwool French nanneima^lideol- |
j n;£ h: W e l ha.i,eu:hemat WMr / ? '/za///r^. broad statement to make, but one fully verified by the facts. In December most, if not all, €«,««€, «np S> .«iitotf«efi«a,fc« 5
50c Kind, 29 Inches Wide, Yard 28c. cf O rpq <; P |1 rynnH^; Jit full reauhr nrir^s But whv shouldn't niir natrons have the benefit of Our "".'¦ $3.95 to S15.OO •;
? $1. CO Kind, 55 Inches Wide, Yard 56C. StOreSSeil gOOOb HI I UI1 regUiar p.riCe^. ¦ DUL .WliV MlUUlUnt OUr pailUll^ HctVC LUC UCUClll Ul UUl c^hn,^ House Gowns, in nayy, cader, red, oldro^pbk .ndgreen. j5
i Fancy Robe BhnKcts, Sported frcm Germany, in charm- specially . advantageous ' buys" in December as well as any other month? say we. So to-morrow we .$
j: inl patterns and coloring., for smoking jacke:,, bath begin several of the most remarkable sales held this year, and positively the greatest holiday purchasing g r ff^ t °J^fjJ:^^^^ u $
jj robes, etc. Sizes 72 by 8 4 inches; instead of opportunities ever offered in United States in December. \ itl elaborately trimmei. : %
t Our usual protection to customers goes with these goods. When y 9 u get them home if you are \ l^ t^^f^!^7ilSao^oM t
* kins to mitch, plain and hemstitched, per set. . . . not perfectly satisfied with your purchase, return th£, articles in the condition you received them, and Eiderdown sacques- Applied, swehed «nd finished w;th crochet j
I $4.50 to $25.00 git; ybur money back without a question being asked. . '¦ | edgc^ 95ou>$2.25 |
I jg* A WoniSerigai Holiday Watch Saie Saies Goats, Suits and Furs 1
(^^^ /Sa#aj»oe of & fc^3dwr@F^ &to®k Big&wiiG tisiesrtidg Saie Surplus Stock \
J0n^^S ® toe-third i& ®ne«°h&§1 Less Tfe&n iRegwi&tr Begins Monday instead of in January i
K nth® n immense purchase, consumm ited just in time for the holiday trade. All We have transacted by far the largest fall business in suits and cloaks 5?
5 ufaa *£^^^\m °f the short lots of a reliable manufacture^, from 2 to 30 watches of a kind, and in our history ar.d the heavy selling has left us with more broken lines than "¦ $
$ Ij&i *^~^y£$ 51 different styles in all, will be placed on sale, beginning Monday, at the lowest usual. It is "customary to begin the clean-up sales in January, but we have >^^v *l
3 \C (^ jjy' prices such fine timekeepers have ever been sold for anywhere. . decided upon an innovation and will begin the clearance of women's ready- lf/?^Z^ %.
J" There are solid gold } solid silver and fine ivarranted gold filled l cases, in sizes to- wear garments now rather than inventory them'on January 1st. #/S^1liCj!r 5
J and Styles for men, women and children. >**"a These unusual reductions, coming, as they do, when you are perhaps looking lil'sii&^i
£ „, EvcT { w r atch 7 ««?**«<»». sooi dmekeeprr, and the actual saving, beginning Monday and whie q u*nf.ty !.«,, will beffrDm je^ r or practical holiday gifts for members of your immediate family, and when there \ t[(i/iM \ $
% m th'jd to one-half regnUr pr.ces. If you are buying watches for Chnstmis gifts, invsitigite thesi and many other won lerlut watch on rings. ' • /CCti\^o!!a/uJ/lL^ J JC
i /&**<&% Lsdies* Solid 14-K. Gold Watch-Eract " picture, which is exact sue, or pain or and great va'u: at the sile price $8.95 «re months of wear^ sti'.l ahead, will be fiiily appreciated, we are sure, by San m \ "5
fc' X J~r£i )j »ze and style shawn b picture, cpen fac: fancy engraved $5m85 Men's God Filled Watches-16 size, ©(sSs^w^'l^t^ Francisco's shr:\vd*shoppers. Prices for the ?arm:nt sa'c have been cut like this: ' JLm!!£l : $ifc2?&h^ iW '%
*' JS££&**L^ chatelaine, ether polished 0% ~ gm Ladies' Solid 14-K. Gold Wat(h -Hunting satin nnfhid, polUhed or fancy engraved X^^f^f^-^/ /*»% ' J »OT ' l^^T^k. *
*. or satin finished, sale piice%B>f£i.Zf5 case, cither satin or 4>olished fin"sh, a re- hunting cas •, siie price . ...$6*35 \&( /> "^r^, *">-?' <s- $11.50 Cheviot Suits Now $1OmOO S75. 00 Broadcloth Suit ... . Now $5Om0O 'VISMZ l&L !l rJOO^ *
5' /«r^§fe%->iS^S^ Ladies' I4-K. Gold Filled Watch— Hunting mirkable bargain at the sa'.e pi ice . . . Mtn's Solid SIver Watchei— 16 size, open t^jf* %^^ ' « 2 7- 5° Cheviot Suits Xw $14,95 $ 100. 00 Broadcloth Suit. . . .Now $67.50 6$%%$ N»?!!^LJh&Jj 5
*C /W^^^^^^^^^W case, fancy engravin; in the petty and . : . . $15.35 face, engine turned, p^n or fancy back W. Z '30.00 Peau de Soie Coats . . -Now S18.5Q £2*5.00 Importei Coit . . . Now $75mOQ NK&<£S^f^W* £
£ StP^^W^^^-^-Wi'- popular Reur de Lis des'gn, exact axe and Laditv' JO-K Gold Filled Watch— Engine case, sale price only 33*6O J^«^.vH^^ 535.00 Zibeiine Suits Now $19.75 f 300.00 Imsor ed Coitume. . .N\w $95.00 \ W{l$?&/ffl *
J' Sfel^^r^^vtf^^l^iHi style as shown in illustration, fa'e pric; turn;d or plain finished hunting case, a Men's Solid Silver Watch's— 18 sue, „ //"(&* j£WH% Cloth Coats N.w $22m5 j J350.00 Imported Costume. . .Now $95. OO y/T$S,Jx J£ «
U' r{^'^^L^y,^:^i[a • - S9.5O little beauty at $6.4O Hunting case, ta'eprc:. , .£4.85 /$' fif'-^M/i l/li^± M7-5° Veiling Suits Now $32.30 5500.00 Imported Velvet Cosfum; /-Ji .fr|S^ M %
*; V^^^^^^^S^^^Jii Ladies' Solid Silvir Watch— Very *mall, Lidits' 10-K.'Oold Fi : !ei Wach ¦ Huntin- A\en's Gold Filled Watches- 12 si-, open >rf# If. >,\Wf M \ o ° Br:aicloth Suits . . . Now $37.50 . .*. . I Now £150.00 /xI^SW^^ •*
J» \^^^^^^^^^^^^ hunting case, cidier engine turned, as in cue, very small, f<ncy engraving, a beauty facej sale prc;. $5.45 ti : W, T^W;/ M 565.00 lcng Peau de Sois Coat. . . $37*50 / «fi l lW#^ 5
*' Your protection our money-back guarantee. If !/ ''Jv/f Alterations on cloth coats, suits arid costumes will be extra. / . ]$*s#^^ "j
| Genuine Efo&ny Bask, ...'' S^lpilP i|| |/| Fk,f^ Qi^B^ihi^iS off J JP\ f\ : i
i Sterling Silver Mounted #:'-JH|f,| |[K!//|| /*\ | |H/|- And Right at Holiday Season When Most Wanted W^^M^fX %
&• i-i <r> f ji t*K GA 1 Em m -^ilil&M VVi i Ililri'Jwi C i''/ /# . 'I Ano:hcr sale one month earlier thin ordinarily and a stock that contains much- SM/ U •
S v^^^^^\ Ariioies at Haif Prsoe ¦ m mm mMm ' w I ill ' whhed - f ° ; Chrls:m " p rcs;nts - w|l m \ 3
* /f^/^^^'^^^^%, Cleaned up a jobber's stock of these da : nty ebony back, sterjng sUver-mounted "^ S ® «VftlllMll*W 1^/1(1) 1/ '' ' ThC S * aiOn haS bcCn backward on iccoun t of " continued warm weather, so we C^SOf*/ /iill VV '*
ffl" J i/^^^^^^^^^\ mirrors and brashes; they wil go liks hot cakes at thes: prices (half regular). W^ | %^\i '!« Tj'^ have decided to reduce our stock at once. Your choice, beginning Monday, of any ''IIlA. Wi '?
t \\ ll' : '*irW^^^\ 41 Ebon >' back, srver-moanted Mirrors .$2.10 I | h ff ' W' lit) iur piece or iur garment in The Emporium at one-third off regular marked &?*^/^^S)\^j!y Jf
H' 'j li'V^^ ; vl^^^G9ii' / *! « Eboav tack, iUvcr-mo. nt:d Cloth Brushes *. i>1.85 P_ 2 Ifl BT \r \w/ '2
U \v J -Tv5^'^^^S^Ssr^|fn»Mvback, filver-mcu.ited Velvet Brushes 5/.i?ff £3 8 g| V^ N^«>/ P '5
£ V-N^SSKSIla^'y E3ony blcJ{ ' » "r-^ounted Hair Br U ,he, 4Gc M M ™ Neck Pieces that v/ere $ 1 .75 to $ 1 75.00 §So w $1.17 to £116.67 *
* \!^^^W K; S3S S«^S3 Hu'SrSfT : : : : : : : : : : : : %%% ® a Fur Capes that were $9 00 10 $ , 32 50 How s Q QO (o S8Qa33 : ;
5 Eboay haadIcd * llv * rmotjnted Bonnet Btu hes • 78 ° Fur Coats that were $20.00 to $375.00 Now & 13*34 to $250.00 5
~^b =S3 5** s » Kowr protection — O;/r money-back-guarantee. wI»BBSSBIP , Kowr protection- Our momy-back guarantee. %
i Sale most Art Embroidery Austrian Court Crochet and Gift Buyer s\ W*%A *
j; important Department Sale Wood Novelties Silk Shawls ~ Paradise %
JI _ A ;.'> Hundredj of Lawn Scarf* and I Squares -Soms Strictly the latest, in beautiful tints of L adies ; Circular Shiwls-Shstland flosj, with /\\ |
V 5^^D Btlg*** (T*g3k&n§ aU white s 3 me embroidrred in whits, red, an;iquc wood a!s _ ffc ' fancy border, sold wh'ts and black and white fUl g**5$i?4$*Vin «*"5 *&&*-> £>»«?» '2
*; EJB&&*GJB4!MBll Monday only if novc tics vvhen you come in next with wide bord er, extra large iix-, white SS33^ £8z¥ll£5 ?
*I , *r '; In our enlarged stamped linen depart- week. ' only/ price . • St. 50 mJ^ jf
8 Until Christmas Eve |S:^g ISp'^i^i'/tl^fo Everything imaginable 1
| onanypieceof S@^fe|Nli^S lfl?^#^S^i^ for holiday gifts is.- I
«f » »rf finished to Show you how the work is Same with spike trimmings ..' Ss'.QO silk stitching, finish :d with fring?, whte, X
I Furniture '0^0i^^M$ydMiMMSmf s 'i I^feiipvi^ #©r© I
' morning from 9 until 11:30 we give _ ' '- n U*Jt ¦ wool Saxony yarn, full s"xs, with fancy bor- "". ' J*
¦i 111 OUT <;tnclc eXCent special free embroidery lessons. .. ryPOBrapny .Outfits der dejign of colored sik, wide bordirei onH all a* 1r»VLT H*»r»«it-f «
V in OUr SlUUi\, CAtCpi Unens-In plain, hemstitched and ,callop:d P«t up m stampwood box, wi:h everyth^ e d si , finished W.th fringe; colo:,: white SnO ail at 1OW depart- £
% Kitchen Furniture borders; doUes, tray cloths, sideboard covers, complete, equal to nuny $5.00 cutht-s here w hh 1 2 vender, white and. pink, white and m A n t v C f n r P» ncir^C 3«
* IVllCnen rUrnilUrC Ublecovers, tench doth,, !» alt sizes and at J Or ' ' .' ' ' S3.GO blue; F ric . . .... . . . S3.5D ITI C 11,1 StOTe pTlCCS «
5 price, ranging from WO to $3.50 cieh "andkerchirf Boxes for burn : ng, plain or Other designs, $3.98, £4-5°, ?5-©o.- 1 .J
ft A Chance for Batter.birg Pieces— stamped, each . 25O L»dics' .' quart ii.k Shawls- In "daint/ pat- ..;?' >!//¦/•«//>•• S
5 <H fj* a ™ e J Or p, e «f doilies from ioc to 75 c each. — — terns and" color,. . . S1.98 to $5.75 ... .... . ;.^. - W// tyK^r g
tf Cr/// tiUyerS Center piecei from 25c to Ja. 50 each. HnSitiS9\M K BMBBn—ts AH Woo! Fascinators— In white, black, pink, , t . C/TZeT Roof '5
J i Table covers, 75c to each. W% I &f *"'^r*V i> blue and red .. . . . . 35© ™d 5SC '"'"".,
fc' Bm JL' a **i~*d * ma Bureau scirfs, Si. 50 to$ia.oo each. iJOP&m ITriiGQS Fine Ice Woo". ?izv.nz\o:t - In white, pink, TFfl«_-» SUB*+l95*Jf*-*r.m IP 4 *-••«• -.m^ J«
S /^^I Pff*2LCiiG&i GiftS BOS* Sffl&fll MtX can ! DraWI ! WorkPieces- Bur S undy-5 yrs. oil, gal -j#.OO b'.ue and black $f c 5 i ff £8Q- ' B1lGEfi/S8y SSSSPPSPS *
1 I -y S«S O^^c^ — te '- _^ I
t' -• penaSt Sf GIGm Bureau :«-•<, M. 5010515.00 each. Zinfandd - Er.tra quility, ga 75 G $Q a QQ to S7m50 in the proper mtn's ard children's ho iday slippers to be ssen in San - \' jS&2& t KB flk jf
fc* /«\ "TU Hers for the largest assortment efnove'tics in neckwear Spachtel T2mbour Pieces— Port or Sherry— AAA, ? a! $1m5G , w^ichr fn- Jnm tort ' Dirb'c '^cei Francisc, and positive tavings to be made at cur WjiP i 1 *
S "b... -offl.. reefers, su^nder, etc .. for holiday g :ft 5 ! g^^l Sweet Wines -M.., T okiy , An^, ,: 2^^^^^ "^ f f<\ . , . , . ,>^| #M |
/k^ B " U:i : V n b C v U W . W g " ' 8 " Sh0Wn I • B f C r t 5 r 2SC d " 52 5 ° " Ch - S^ W y f *"5.'l2 7*2 with F e,v plaid backs, also striped ' /£ S^f^ Smm^£ R^ ,^W^ j^^P S
?* U?'<6'^ exclusively by iu. Swiss .Toilet Sets-Fordressenj pretty pattern., Assorted Cordia!s-In Ian cy decanteri 75c and plain facings, trimmtd with !O x4 medium high hid,, pair ...... 95O J^ttW^'/-WSSS "5
i falrJ Dents' and Fownes' Gloves lm^:\ .^^0^0^ whiskey-Rye cr gi:k f -___ f aRd si k cords . , uw^^^,^ /?#7jP |
Jf £*«#'<_ for Men for sale here --- ' Wools and Yarns ciub Cocktails- Best m'ade.'^ttie ". l{;iS $10.00 <> /S^^ £
?\ '^•-^' _.„ -, UC . H JC . Wecarry a complete aaortm:nt of all of the Naglet Brandy-a6 yrs. old, bot. . $d'So materias in doub e heed cheviot*. «V.te rrlm t= r , back quiltrd tops, purple qu Ited (^V>>^ {^^ g
k- \Men*s TwiLrd SLk Muffler, . . . SU50 Black Silk and Saun Full Dr«s Protectors. . best kinds of uools and } -arn. that are b'de- Port or Sherry-Botte . ... . ; ; ." velvet^and \ silk MatclassCJ, hand- to F s, etc., P .t. . . .- . ... . . . $1.5O ' - S
?. Imported Re-.fers, colored and white suk Bars- 3r2m5O to $5mQO ' mand for maktnjr holiday gifts: ' ¦' '~ . . . 25Sm 5Oa. 7Sn «5f (M • j • uj Misses' and Children's Juliets— Red felt, lined, s.amless front, fur trimmed, flexible sole*— '-,
£ theTandPeaudc Sox ... . S2.OO !{^^^^fa^ -S^|SS»^'^£ g ct *= n y P « d IlM Y Sues 6 to „, pair ... f ¦.-.¦:.. ;.-, 6SO $
£ Large English Squares, Ught and dark shades, ed and domestic mikes, each wear, etc. ' .............. .5Qo " trimmed. X/V. , . Sizes n# to 2, pair 75O *
*I SimOO • •*•*••• $3*50 to $7.5Q Shttiand floss tor shawls, fascnators, apes, etc. Old McBrayer Whiikcy-Maic in 1896, gal Men's Lovnging Robtt—$10mOO Men's Slippers- In. Opera or sttaght cut, imtation. alligator, b a brown color, price fiffo— "5
J Mca's NoTclry Neck Scarfs, new shapts . . Cotton Banket Robes .. , ..$5.0ti Fairy Ztrhyn, fcr capts, shawls, nubias, etc. . . . . .V. . . . . . . S4.OD to &15.0Q. in h?aw double same in boys' sni youths' wea 10 O 5^, pa'r 85O j«
tl &l mS ? Uauiornai Banlcet Kobes. . . .§6 to $15 Germantown and castor wools for buggy robes, Old Crow, Hermitage and McBrayer Whiikies, f.^J ,-Wtnr* -inrl M 'fin, r'nfh, Mtn's Embroidertd Ch«nil!e Slippers— Straight cnt, patent leather back, pair 75 O g
*C Men's Suspenders- Many pretty norelties for Mem Flannelette P^amas . . . . Jjf.5 J Afghans, slippers, etc. bottle. . ... St.OO « cc " cn « vl0t * na S° nn S c>otns ' JO styles Men's Sappers— In Cm or black, with different designs of patent Icarher trimmings, slip- 5
h the holiiiyi, all put op in neat boxs«, « Men's Novelty Pijuma% in ma-Jras, t.tttn Eiderdo'wn ' wools, Saxony wools, ice waol, Rhine Wine— ImportcJ RuleshVmer or B-aun- trimmed with. Silk cord and tassel.., P er» aU kid lined, hand-turned siles -sixers that exclusive thoe stores sell "at $a.oo pair, here 5
& . w:dera.-Eeo:itj^s from . 5QO to $5 and Ox.crds . . ..$g.5Q to $4, *O pompadour, an-ora floss, etc., etc. cberger, case . . ; . . . . . StO.SO plain and plaid facing to match. ¦ .for. . •.-. . . . . . $1.5O 3»
t MneB Last? fiSisi B®@t L&ast, at This. JesysBBss SeasssBS &i th& ! Yoa^^The Toy Display %
J The Second Largest Toy Store in America. More Toys here than in all other Toy Stores in San Francisco put together. 500 salespeople, packers, clerks. and helpers now ready to serve you in this 5
j: department. Toys from 5c to $50.00. The greatest assortment— the lowest prices in town. Buy now if you wish and we will deliver when wanted. * J
jg* i ¦ j- '•¦ ' * i* - * ,"''.¦' *-"^^^^*^^^^b^^^. C^ ' > * » I ¦ § ' i^* ¦
| _ Extraordinary Dofi Spsciais 38s New Railroads r-'atnd 'Equipments §1.75 Crokinoie Games, $1.35 I
K Monday only, best quality papier mache body do\l t i6j4 inches taU, full bail and locket joint, a . We have everything that in any way perta ; nj to the running of a complete several different sixes. Monday only, a grand bargain— -octagon 5 haped Crckinoe board, 31 inches in diameter, or 5
i sC handsome b^quehesd, withsleeping eyes, and a fine lull mohair'wig woven on net, and dreised with these equipments a playroom can bi «t up with scenery, tunnels, road beds, bridges, signals, etc., etc. -"three-ply while map!e veneer. Diagrams in bright red and green, ditch and rim of golden .«
J In^y^.^ M~e£»K .oak^ever less thane,. 7 5 : regularly. Special price ... A .' . V." :^'f''$± J
»: chemise, and jsprobaoy the bcs:do.I value offered this season at special «c price. <^®»«r Stevm anJ mechan - ca i tra - n> w : th track. . . S2.5U Model steam locomotive, tra : n and track. $10*00 {ITHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. DECEMBER 6, 1903.
28
i&jj /^i^v^^r^ii^irr \A/^^£^1^ We have leased the entire big building at 957 to 977 r^v^r^i^iii^irv \A/^^r^L^
| : i V^ P"l 111 1^ VV tJtJK Market, near Sixth-seven stories high. We have filled it VjptJIllllg VV t?t?K §
£i r=z:^zz=zii==i=:==zzz====z completely from top to bottom with the newest and choicest nzzzizizzi=zziz::=^zi=^ /;;:
h:;:| O ' 1 of furniture, carpets, linoleum and curtains. We have spent m :#
t f:?2 O OGOl 3 I S a great deal of thought and time in the selection and arrange- SkSP^I^I PI I Q &
>:;$ A • , ment of the stock. And to-morrow we throw open our w^vviwivi
fc-ij Golden Oak Dining Chair. Regular price $1.40 This is to be a credit house. A liberal credit house, Nottingham' Lace Curtains, 3 yards long 50 >'»:
p:| SDecial S*B 95 CtS yet we shall guarantee satisfaction or "money back."' We inches wide. Regular price $165 £\'
|:::| F want to open an account with 'every honest man and woman' c • i ° * . p
tgl Yum Yum Woven Wire Mattress.. Regular in San Francisco. All we ask is a few dollars down on your special $1.00 t$
«T.*** *ll nvi/>a 'if? 7^ i'° 1 lilt 1 • T • * 111 11 . »?••
*.".-« P rice *'^' ; ' purchase, the balance can be paid in easy monthly or weekly . vmi - t / f „„„„ ™ „ e . . . „ , !•.•.•,
Ki Special .-.. $1.85 payments to suit your .convenience. Come in to-morrow Axmmster. Rugs. 27 x 54 inches. Regular fcy
15:1 _,. uu , J"\ ' , . ',. andsizeusup. o pnce • S3 -°° M
fjii Oolaen CoDDler beat Kocker. Kegular price $Li5 -. — * SnGCial ' $f) 1 5 V<i
?|| Special ..*........... $1.85 To those who have the cash and wish to pay for their * «p . ,^
:: ?fi r \a n ir p i t w pi • * «^ t;n goods on the spot, :\ye offer^a very great inducement—noth- Size 36 x 72 inches. Regular price $4.15 . ; $
:? j ooiden oak Parlor Table. Regular pnce.. $3.50 ing less than the opportunity to secure a beautiful home for SDecial...... «« 15 I
g| Special $2.05 absolutely NOTHING. We have purchased a lot -2) by. 100 °^ CUctl - • $3.15
=?JI Mahoganized Birch Parlor Table. Regular price f eet in the new residence section on the west side of Sixth Six choice patterns of Linoleum. Regular price ff&
t/ : a , g3.50 Avenue between C and Fulton Streets, and on this lot we 70 cents per square yard— ' E;-:
|£j <69 ni are erecting a handsome, modern dwelling house of six c n o/-ioi •• ™ * %
kfl special rooms \^th every cash purchase of $;.00 we shall give a special..- 50 cts g
fe-l White Enameled Iron Bed. Regular price $10.00 numbered ticket, the stub to be dropped in a large box in Seven excellent patterns of all wool 2-nlv In :
k3 Special $5.25 the f ront of our storV On Saturday night, Mav 28, 1904, grain Garpets> floraI and scroll ; t f erns t:|
fcii one of these numbered tickets will be publicly drawn from Reeular crice inrindina a lining ™a fit
fc;l Golden Oak Bureau with French Plate Mirror the box, and the fortunate person who has the correspond- S' Pr ' Ce> lndudlng Sewing> "^ r an t d $,
KJ c Regubr price $l9 - 50 a . 1lt „„ ing number will receive a deed and bill of sale to the house _ . , 85cents U
ISI Special ....$11.00 and lot positively free of all charge. Special .,55 c t s --x
1 1 *•* * * % • •
I 957 to 977 Market St^ear ;6*& Look FORthe Blue Sicns. |
ADVEBTISEMENTS.NEW YORK, Dec. 5. — The feature
of the official statement of the New
York Associated Banks last week was
the net gain of $517,200 in cash,
whereas estimates, which were based
upon the traceable movements of
money during the week. Indicated a
loss of (285,200. This discrepancy
between the official and the estimated
changes in this item may very easily
be acounted for by the system of av
erages. Payments by the assay of
fice of Imported gold were large, but
they were distributed through the
week, and moreover the disbursement
on Friday of $450,000 for gold re
ceived from Boston, which had been
imported by a Boston bank, though
counting for but one-sixth of the
amount, had some influence. The de
posits increased $1,349,400, as the re
sult of the gain In cash and of the
augmentation of the loans. The re
quired reserve was increased $337,100
because of this gain in deposits, and
deducting this sum from the net in
crease of cash leaves $180,102 as the
gain In surplus reserve, which Item Is
now $6,305,300. Computed upon the
basis of deposits, less those of $36,
801,100 of public fund3, the surplus is
$15,505,575. The increase in loans
was somewhat unexpected, but it was
probably caused by the renewal of ac
tivity, at advancing prices, on the
stock market This is indicated by
the average daily bank clearings for
the week, which were $218,000,000,
against $203,000,000 the previous
week. The statement shows a good
balance, the sum of increase in loans
and of cash being $1,697,800, or only
$331,400 more than the increase in
deposits. The surplus, reserve wlil
doubtless be augmented in the 'cur
rent week through the arrivals of gold
from Europe, which metal Is now in
transit. Moreover, the transfers hence
to San Francisco are. understood to
be practically at an end. The sub
treasury operations last week were
largely against the banks, because of
a falling off in pension disbursements
and of the heavy transfers of Internal
revenue collections and of payments
by banks on account of the 5 per cent
redemption fund. One feature of the
statement was the decrease in specie,
while legal tender increased. The loss
in the former was probably due to the
fact that foreign bankers are employ
ing much of the gold which they are
receiving from abroad, in the pur
chase of exchange. The gain In legal
tenders was most likely caused by re
ceipts from near by interior points,
and also to some accumulations of this
kind of money in anticipation of holi
day reauirementa. _^ -K - i ** v .
Movement of Money During the Week
Surprises the Financiers.
BANKS SHOW BIG GAINS.
CHICAGO. Dec. 5.— William K. Van
derbllt Jr. left hurriedly for New York
this afternoon on the Twentieth Cen
tury express. - He is said to have been
summoned home by long-distance tele
phone because of the serious condition
of his wife's health.
VANDERBILT HURRIES -
TO WIFE'S BEDSIDE
When arraigned for sentence before
Judge Moore in the Queens County
Court a year ago on the conviction of
burglary referred to he admitted that
his arrest for counterfeiting labels was
the first step in his downward career,
although through the Influence of his
money and his family he escaped con
viction. Ernest Monet, a Frenchman
and expert chemist, photographer and
an artist, was at the head of a Buck
ley-street gang. They occupied a small
story and a half frame house In Buck
ley street, Long Island City. How
Haas has become identified with the
gang has never been explained.
When the police raided the Buckley
street house they found several hun
dred bottles containing spurious phen
acetine, which Haas was manufactur
ing and selling in big quantities to
drug houses. The bottle bore the
counterfeit label of a big wholesale
drug house in Manhattan.
In the house was also found a print
ing outfit, which was used by Monet
and Haas in turning out bogus labels.
Two murders are attributed to the
gang, that of Albert C. Latlmer, who
was shot and- killed at his home by a
masked burglar, and John J. Sheridan,
detective. Haas was taken from Clin
ton prison last week and is now lodged
In the Queens County Jail to answer
to four indictments against him. He
is held in $250 bonds on each Indict
ment. His attorneys, Kreland, Lafetra
& Plaza of Manhattan, succeeded in
having his conviction set aside. They
are now fighting- to recover royalties
due Haas on his "gold cure."
NEW YORK, Dec. 5. — With more
than $80,000 In accumulated royalties
awaiting him', Joseph Haas, alias
Harry J. Claire, reputed discoverer of
the "gold cure," who was sentenced to
twenty years and four months on a
conviction of burglary, is back in the
Queens County Jail to make a fight for
liberty and fortune.
Haas is known as a chemist of rare
attainments. He comes. of a wealthy
Pittsburg family and is accredited
with being the first to produce: the
"gold cure," which he disposed of on a
basis of payments in royalties. He had
wealth and social standing and It is
said his first wrong was to become a
manufacturer of spurious drugs. He
was arrested for counterfeiting labels
of a big wholesale drug house In th«
West.
S;-«clal Dispatch to The Call.
Inventor of Famous Mixture
Claims a Fortune in
Royalties.
The Financial Chronioie points out
that municipal bond sales for Novem
ber were larger than for any previous
November except in 1886. The large is
sues of new railroad bonds which have
been successfully placed in the recent
past is also the occasion of comment fa
forable to the financial prospect. A con
trast Is afforded by the figures of new
Incorporations with a capital of $1,000,
000 or over during November, which fell
to the lowest aggregate of any month
since the early part of 1899.
The temper of speculation in stocks
has undergone a change this week, and
prices have advanced in a broadening
market. Commission houses report that
there has been little growth In outside
order business, and the movement is
supposed to be principally due to oper
ations by professional traders and
habitual operators of the wealthy class.
But the technical significance of the
movement is probably not less on that
account. Operators in stocks for a long
time have found their only success on
the side of receding prices. This week
the market grave evidence of being over
sold, and the bears failed of . their
recent successes in forcing out sales of
stocks when they offered prices down.
Among the industrials especially
which have suffered such drastic scal
ing- down of prices, the urgent demand
to borrow stocks for delivery, which
commanded a premium in some cases,
j?ave warning of danger to the shorts
and prompted buying to cover. The
early covering movements among short
speculators of the smaller class did not
at first disturb the more powerful
operators on that 6lde of the mar
ket and they were inclined to avail
themselves of the rallies in prices to
put out fresh lines at the higher level.
Some of the selling that was attributed
to realizing by the longs was un
doubtedly this renewed short selling.
With the persistence of the upward
movement through the week an ex
tended short Interest was thus left un
covered until past the middle of the
•week, when it became clear that a bear
element of a stronger and more per
sistent character than any heretofore
reached was being driven to cover,
•with very important effect upon prices
and an awakening of animation in the
market. The fears of shorts were ag
gravated by their suspicion that an
absorption of stocks had been going on
by the great capital and banking com
binations, tehose operations contem
plate vide policies and are based upon
convictions as to general conditions
p.nd their ultimate working out. The
recovery In prices gained force and
proceeded in the face of various news
factors that were unfavorable, but
which had to do with conditions that
have been more or less foreseen and
LARGE SALE OF BONDS.
NEJV YORK, Dec. 5.— There was a
tone of doubt and hesitation In to-day's
rtock market which quite nearly fol
io vred the appearnace in yesterday's
jrarkct of signs cf a culmination of the
rise. Yesterday's large volume of deal
ings and the small net changes in in
voice pointed to both heavy realizing
and to large short covering. While the
realizing is a strengthening factor of
the market, the reduction of the short
interest deprives it of a technical factor
of strength. A renewed advance in
Brooklyn Transit, followed by the local
tractions this morning, obtained little
following in the general list. A selling
movement followed, which carried a
number of the leaders, such as Penn
pylvania. United States Steel preferred
end Amalgamated, a point under last
r.igrht- A feverish and irregular recov
ery succeeded, upon the publication of
the bank statement. The gain of $500,
000 in cash reserves was an agreeable
surprise compared with the expecta
tion of a decrease of several hundred
thousand dollars, and it is supposed to
be due to the making up of former
discrepancies the other way. The in
crease in the loan item of a little over
51.000,000 was not disturbing. The mar
ket closed steady and not far from last
night's le\el. The sterling exchange
market was weak and declined further
to a level which will assure the move
ment toward New York of any avail
able gold supply In foreign money mar
kets.
The money market has shown the ex
pected relaxation following the comple
tion of the December settlements. Con
ditions abroad as well as here promise
a continuance of a firm money market
for the rest of the year. But it is made
clear from the movement of the inter
national exchanges and the statistics of
international trade that New York
commands the exchange situation. New
Orleans and San Francisco have made
further requisitions upon New York for
currency during the week, and addi
tional shipments to those points are
expected, but the Western demand for
crop-moving purposes has come to an
end. Gold for import has been secured
in the London market, whenever the
movement of money rates did not make
it more profitable for holders of ex
change on London to hold up their col
lection and leave the proceeds on the
loan in London.
A new development has been the
shipments of gold from Japan to San
Francisco. San Francisco's exchange
needs are usually satisfied by way of
Australia, but large Australian crops
has thrown the advantage of exchange
to that center. San Francisco finds it
of greater advantage to dispose of its
sterling exchange claims to Japan and
to take gold from there in compensa
tion. The movement serves as a relief
from the San Francisco demands upon
New York for currency. Confidence is
undiminished that money will become
easier with the turn of the year, and
it is believed that the movement of
stock is in part a discounting of this
expectation.' "
The bond market has been somewhat
irregular, but has grown steadier In
sympathy with stocks. United States
2's and the new 4's declined one-fourth
below the closing call of last week.
MONEY MARKET FIRM.
have been an element in the specula
tion for a decline for some time past.
For instance, the cotton crop indicated
by the' Government's estimate at below
ten million bales would be regarded as
amounting to a national calamity were
it not that the heavy marketing of cot
ton during: November awakens some
skepticism toward the estimate.
INDUSTBIAIi OUTLOOK GOOD.
Reports continue to be received of
the closing down of iron and steel mills
and of new measures of retrenchment
and economy In the trade. The sen
timent over the industrial future also
has grown distinctly more hopeful.
This is especially marked in regard to
the iron and steel trade, from which
come reports indicating that the de
cline in prices has met a revived
demand, which promises some con
sumptive absorption of the lessened
volume of output. The measures of,
economy already adopted and those in
contemplation and the reduced freight
rate3 on steel products for export
arouse hopes of an available outlet in
the foreign trade.
The details of the foreign trade state
ment for October offer gratifying evi
dences of the revival of the export
trade in all lines of manufacture. The
seasonable cold weather has given an
impetus to all lines of distributive trade,
and the coal trade, in which consider
able congestion had developed, is re
ported to be especially benefited by the
cold weather. In the stock market no
small part has been played in the re
covery in the constant circulation of
rumors of important adjustments of
control and of policy touching the rela
tions of groups of capitalists tending to
harmonize those relations.
Joseph Haas Gets Parole
to Fight for "Gold
Cure" Profits.
WAXES OPULENT
WHILE IN PRISON
STOCKS ARE ON FIRMER BASIS
AND GENERAL TRADE IMPROVES
Outlook for Manufacturing Exports Is Brighter Than
Ever and the Prospects Are That the Year Will
Ciose With an Encouraging Financial Showing
rHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. DECEMBER 6, 1903.
29
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVESTISr.T<rRTrrS.
There's a reason.
Look in each package for a copy of
the famous little book, 'The Road to
Wellville." — •— — s,
"Then a friend finally, after much
argument. Induced me to try Grape-
Nuts food and quit my regular food.
Although I had but little faith I com-
imenced to use it and great was my
surprise to find that I could eat it
without the usual pain and distress in
my stomach. So I kept on using
Grape-Nuts and soon a marked im-
provement was shown, for my stomach
was performing its regular work in a
normal way without pain or distress.
"Very soon the yellow coating dis-
appeared from ray tongue, the dull,
heavy feeling in my head disappeared
and my mind felt light and clear; the
languid, tired feeling left, and alto-
geLher I felt as if I had been rebuilt
Strength and weight came back rapid-
ly and I went back to my work with
renewed, ambition. To-day I am a
new woman in m'-nd as well as body
and I owe it all to this natural food,
Grape-Nuts." Name given by Postum
Co., Battle Creek. Mich.
The proper way out of the difficulty
is to shift to the pure, scientific food,
Grape-Nuts, for it rebuilds from the
foundation up. A New Hampshire
woman says: "Last summer I was
suddenly taken with indigestion and
severe stomach trouble and could not
eat food without great pain; my
stomach was so sore I could hardly
move about. This kept up until I was
so miserable life was not worth liv-
ing.
Proper food is the foundation of
heaJth. People can eat improper food
for a time and not feel any 111 results
until there is a sudden collapse of the
digestive organs and then all kinds of
trouble follows.
ON FOOD
The Bight Foundation of Health.
rood Xaten X* Worthless Unle»s Digested
—Some Stomachs Hast Have Help.
Food taken into the stomach, which,
from the nature of the food or the con-
dition of the stomach, is not digested,
is worse than no food at all. This is a
true statement as far as it goes and a
great many dyspeptics go only this far
with their reasoning. They argue with
themselves that because their stomachs
do not do the work given them, they
must be given less work; in other
words, they murt be. starved. It would
be Just as sensible for a business man
who is unable to do all his own work
to cut down his business to his own ca-
pacity as it is for a man to starve
himself to relieve his stomach. The
sensible business man employs help
and goes forward with his business.
Likewise the sensible dyspeptic will
employ help for his stomach and give
his body proper nourishment.
. Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets actually
do the work assigned to them. They re-
lieve weak and overburdened stomachs
of a great portion of digestive action.
Their component parts ar* identical
with those of the digestive fluids and
secretions of the stomach and they sim-
ply take up the grind and carry on
the work just the same as a good,
strong, healthy stomach would do It.
On this account Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets are perfectly natural in their
action and effects. They do not cause
any unnatural or violent disturbance In
the stomach or bowels. They them-
selves digest the food and) supply the
system with all the nourishment con-
tained in what Is eaten and carry out
Nature's plans for the sustenance and
maintenance of the body.
How much more sensible is this
method than that employed by many
sufferers from weak stomachs. By
this means body and brain get all the
good, nutritious food they need and the
man is properly nourished and equipped
to carry on his work and perform his
duties. He could not possibly be in
proper working condition by starving
himself or employing some new fangled,
insufficient food that does not contain
enough nutriment for a year-old baby.
A strong man doing strong work must
be properly fed and this'applies to the
brain as well as the body-
Stuart's Dyspepsia : Tablets, by re-
lieving the stomach of its work/enable
it to recuperate and regain its normal
health and strength. Nature repairs
the worn and wasted tissues Just as she
heals and knits the bone of a broken
limb, which is of course not used dur-
ing the process of repair.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are for
sale by all druggists at 50 cents a box
and they are the one article that the !
druggist does not try to sell something
in the place of that's "Just as good."
Their unqualified merit and success and
the universal demand for them has
placed them within the reach of every
one. _^ . - . .'..-.':- ,^_<
THEY ACTUALLY „
DO THE WORK
ADVERTISEMENTS.
V A^^tHBKM^^Uh : • wKMALL I IIN VI iilii mas Spectacle SANTY
J'ltliiiK thrown open to the public MONDAY. Children when ac-
'^tliiK^ admitted freC * SARTY wiU distritute sweets t0
lw*F^W-< & v^i r: ' : "&- : '^ ¦'''¦-¦ ??????^^^^ rLUUK — jUVElNlLE, JUHriiK 1 ITlElN !??????
ATTRACTIVE CHRISTMAS SPECIALS
From San Francisco's Foremost House
Noted for Handling Highest Grade Goods and Smartest Fashions
Smoking Jacket Special Blanket Dressing Robes Quilted Lined Mufflers
Some three hundred JACKETS— our regular f^'" Pifii^
$5.00 Jacket, which means as good as other stores }{ J l ftjjj | ;S M ... Most CXqtlisitc ideas in QUILTED MUF-
seli for $7.50; m all the newest and prettiest " - lii^wi 4?1j ttt rnc • tt it. i x a t j c
colorings of the season, colorings of "oar own par- u M : ¥3ffi0£jg& "'•'¦ "' 1) ruiKo in all tne very latest snaaes. oome
ticular design, in light, medium and dark reversible ?>l'ffll®^feM" rcallv smart ones as our oicttffC shows
cloths. Allsizes,34to42. They will bc Monday, at % < Y 5man m ** °^ P
0:^ QQ ' above, at ::::::::.:
.* ...»• rar Zpl«v/\y
StUnnillg Little S3llOf SuitS , We arc showing some very artistic ideas in aaing
ir . , Gray Blanket Ooths, in pink borders, navy dress shields.
/f &?^^Il borders and other very handsome colorings; all ..« « ••
Jj&«sHk. this season's goods. A ROBE that shotild be $5.00, j »wt, . s\ .^...^i.
smmlm^m * wm bc nurkcd s P edal for Honda v» at : •. : : Long Winter UVciCOdI
0&>^>-^^^^^^^^^mS as pictured opposite, for trf' r .-iwnMnAVCPTrrTAT
Httfe chaps between the f * \ '?-,<« ? r T 1 '
In BLUE, embroidered shield, red band on the )^^l^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^}^^§' > w J r^'jcr^W ~T
sleeve, fcautiful braided collar, full-flaring blouse, Tk^^a^l^rS^^S^^^^S^te^S^^l^frn ? CHRISTMAS ?
jaunty tie, to fit little gentlemen between the ages : SlS]K M'Sm )8&^Ii JKHBIIUJ ? SUGGESTIONS I
of 3 and 10 years, will be marked SPECIAL for ' ]ff[B ; M'€Mi| WM W Wi '% * Our ncw BOOKLET " JThose things are not worth seeking
that are not worth keeping.
Fight ln Kosher Restaurant.
Sam Sevlsus, Sam Rosenbaum. and
John Crocker became engaged ln a
free-for-all fight last night ln a Kosher
restaurant on Taylor street, between
Eddy and Ellis, and were arrested for
disturbing the peace. The three are
striking garment workers.
Starr Keeler, Miss Zelda Tiffany, Miss
Constance Borrowe, Miss Etelka Wll
lier. Miss Maud Miller and Miss Elaa
Cook.
sional palmist, had the fortune-telling
booth and read many hands for the
benefit of the affair..
Miss Irene Sabin, president, lent her
presence to generally assist wherever
she was needed. Mrs. Arthur Corn
wall, president of the hospital for
which the benefit was given, was very
helpful throughout the entire affair,
but the girls themselves assumed the
entire responsibility and detail work
ln preparing for the bazaar and enter
tainment. '''.."".
Fully 350 people found their way into
the. maple room in the evening to en
joy the vaudeville programme and man
ifested warm and enthusiastic appre
ciation. Little Cecil Cowles gave two
piano , selections with great skill, a
Chopin waltz, E minor, (posthumous),
and . Fantasie, E minor, her own com
position. Miss Emily Plagemann. sang
Denza's "A . May . Morning" with
charming delicacy of feeling. She was
accompanied . by Miss Grace B. Mar
shall. Miss Aileen Castella, the pretty
song and dance artist, gave a pleasing
rendition of "Anona." . M. J. Hynes
gave one pf his Inimitable monologues
with many of his own Jokes inter
spersed ,wlth song. His selections in
cluded one from the "Geezer," his fa
mous laughing song, and another en
titled "Talk." Mr. Hynes was accom
panied by Miss Kathryn Madden.
Miss Hazel Callaghan's banjo selec
tions were most enjoyable and were
warmly received.
Jerome K. Jerome's one-act comedy
"Sunset". was well presented. Although
the wordy dialogue permitted of little
action, the. members of the cast made
the most of their parts and played with
much enthusiasm. Miss Cooke and
Miss Coxe were pretty and ;. wore at
tractive gowns, and would not have
led any one to believe itwas their first
appearance. Both were extremely clev
er. George Thompson played the bash
ful country bumpkin with much real
ism and made the role rich in comedy.
Stage settings were provided from
Fischer's Theater, and Benjamin F.
Dillon, comedian of that theater,
coached the players. Mr. Ogllvie was
stage director. .The cast of characters
was as follows: Lois, Miss Florence
Cooke;; Joan, Miss Mabel Coxe; Aunt
Drusilla, Miss ; Florence ' Schroth; Aza
riah Stodd, George Thompson ; Mr. Riv
ers, Lois' father,, Harry Hopper; Lau
rence, Charles McKirinle.
;,The members of Heartsease who gave
ihe affair, are: -Miss Irene Sabin, presb*
dent;' Miss Emily Plagemann, histo-
ive and useful gifts destined to appeal
to the appetite of the eye. Miss Almee
Van Winkle was ln charge of a table
of dolls, big and little, all daintily
dressed and many of them visions of
beauty. There was a leather table on
which were extremely artistic pieces of
burnt work and other attractive things
ln leather. Miss Emily Plagemann
had this table and her smile and charm
ing personality effected many sales.
Miss Hawthorne had a table of
aprons, some of them very dainty and
others adapted to practical work.
Miss Maud Eastln was in charge of
the candy table and met with gratify
ing success in her sales.
Miss Mabel Shrier sold tickets for
two handsome sofa cushions and Miss
Florence Cook disposed of raffle tickets
tor a decidedly seductive doll.
Miss Ethel Smith, who Is a prof es-
rian; Miss Maud East in, recording sec
retary; Miss Almee Van Winkle, first
vice president; Miss Genevieve Cava
naugh, second vice president; Miss Ed
nah Howell, corresponding secretary;
Miss Mabel Coxe, treasurer; Miss Flor
ence Cooke, Miss Lucy Hawthorne,
Miss Helen Bennett, Miss Alvle Heltz
elmann, Miss Juanlta Wells, Miss Flor
ence Marvin, Miss Beatrice Fife, Miss
Violet Fife, and Miss Mabel Shrier:
Mrs. Grant Morrow of Sausallto gave
a pink luncheon yesterday to twelve in
honor of Mrs. Richard Ashe Sperry,
(formerly Marlon Harrison). The guests
were: Mrs. Albert Spaldlng, Mrs. How
ard Morrow, Mrs. Lester Herrick, Mrs.
Mrs. Putnam Sues County.
OAKLAND, Dec. 5.— Suit was begun
against Alameda County to-day by
Mrs. Kate T. Putnam to recover $944
she alleges is due her on a claim
against the county. She alleges she
advanced this amount to a represen
tative of the Enquirer Publishing Com
pany on a bill for printing, the claim
being assigned to her. The -Enquirer
claims ; Its representative never turned
the money received over to It and put
In Its claim to the Supervisors.
LOCAL COUNCILS GIVE
BANQUET TO OFFICERS
National Unionists Gather in Great
Numbers in Golden Gate
Hall.
The finale of the official visits of Sen
ate President Jeffrls and Senate Secre
tary Myers of the National Unton to
the nine councils of this city was a
banquet tendered the visiting officials
last evening in the Golden Gate Asy
lum on Sutter street.
There were nearly four hundred at
the festal board. After an excellent
menu had been disposed of, during
which Sichel's orchestra discoursed
popular airs, W. K. Wheelock, master
of ceremonies, introduced Mayor
Schmitz, a member of California Coun
cil, who welcomed the visitors, after
which the senate president responded
and expressed great gratification at the
manner in which he and his fellow offi
cer had been received and entertained
by the National Unionists. He paid a
high tribute to San Francisco, which
he declared will in a few years be the
great commercial city of the Union.
The other speakers were E. H. Hills,
president of the cabinet; Senate Secre
tary Myers, Mayor Warwick of San
Jose, Senate Senators J. E. Field, J.
W. Cuthbert and Arter, M.C. Allen,
ex-Judge Bahrs and Benjamin Schloss.
During the evening the quartet of Cal
ifornia Council rendered several vocal
selections. *
The very young members of the
Heartsease Auxiliary have reason to be
proud of their first cnarity bazaar,
which they gave yesterday afternoon
and evening at the Palace Maple and
Marble rooms. They found the affair
quite an undertaking, but were so in
tent upon raising funds for the purpose
of a free hospital bed that they put
forth a united effort with very pleas-
Ing results. The California Eye and
Ear Hospital, to which the auxiliary
belongs, Is at present closed, the pa
tients being cared for at various hos
pitals, pending the erection of a suit
able building:, but In case the hospital
board . does not build at once the pro
ceeds of the auxiliary's affair will pay
for & bed ln any other permanent hos
pital to which it may send their pa
tients.
The Marble room was devoted to the
bazaar and the Maple room was re
served for the vaudeville performance
In the evening. The patrons ** freely
opened their purse strings and many
dimes and dollars went into the hos
pital fund. Although the exact sum
netted Is not known, there is no doubt
whatever of the gratifying success.
A unique and pretty Idea was origi
nated for the grab bag. A large table
was transformed into a flower bed, In
which: were growing artificial purple
pansles, emblematic of the auxiliary,
name. A trivial gift was attached to
each root and completely hidden from
view. Upon paying/ 10 cents each pa
tron was permitted to pull up any blos
som and keep the article which fell to
his lot. Miss Genevieve Cavanaugh pre
sided over this table with charming
tact and grace.
Other tables were laden with attract-
HEARTSEASE
BENEFIT MEETS
WITH SUCCESS
that it would be best if he would ven-.
ture out in the Far West to build up a
future.
James Stillman Jr. , married Miss
Fifl Potter, daughter of Mrs. James
Brown Potter, and it is said that this
branch of the Stillman family added
its influence toward persuading
Chauncy Stillman and his bride to
make San Francisco their future
home. •
Chauncy H. Stillman, son of New
York's millionaire bank president,
James Stillman, and a nephew of the
Rockefellers, whose marriage to a nurse
several weeks ago in Maine caused no
email ripple of excitement among the
more fastidious of Eastern society, has
been quietly enjoying with his bride
the closing days at their honeymoon at
the Palace Hotel since Wednesday last.
Unheralded and unobserved, the happy
young couple arrived from New York
four days ago in a private car and un
til yesterday their identity was a mat
ter known to but few about the hotel.
Yesterday Mr. and Mrs. Stillman. ap
parently feeling that they had at last
escaped the notoriety that followed
them in the East after their marriage,
ventured into the hotel court. They
were there again last evening, he in his
tuxedo and she in a gorgeous gown, and
it was the elaborate attire of the bride
that attracted the attention of the more
curious and finally led to the discovery
of their identity.
Young Stiilman's marriage was quite
a romantic affair, which dated back to
his student days at Harvard two years
age/. There he was stricken down with
typhoid fever and was sent to the
Harvard Infirmary, where he was at
tended through a long siege of sickness
by Miss Mary Wight, a nurse of the in
stitution. Stillman had not long been
an inmate of the hospital before It was
remarked that he was deeply interested
in his fair attendant and was rapidly
thriving under her care. She. too, un
consciously exhibited a keen interest in
her patient's welfare and %vas constant
ly near his bedside, ministering to his
every want.
PURPOSE IS SUSPECTED.
It was not long before the suspicion i
was aroused that Stillman was in love j
with Miss Wight and this was later j
confirmed by the young man when he \
confided to several of his friends his j
Intention of some day making the j
woman who had so carefully watched j
over him during his illness his wife.
On leaving Harvard Stillman,
through the influence of his father,
was given a clerkship in the office of j
the Great Northern Railroad by James i
J. Hill, the understanding being that i
he should work himself up in the rail- J
road world to a position of responsibil- |
ity. In his new employment Stillman I
frequently found time to make a hur- |
ried trip to Augusta. Me., whither Miss J
Wight had gone shortly after he had
left college, and there, in her modest
home, he wooed the woman who is
now his wife.
The announcement of their intend- I
ed marriage four weeks ago was by no j
means pleasant news to young Still- j
man's father or the Rockefellers, but j
apparently both families soon became j
reconciled in a certain degree to the
alliance, for James Stillman and Mrs.
W. G. Rockefeller, together with a
number of their social equals, were ;
conspicuous among the guests at the j
wedding ceremony, which occurred j
November 17 in St. Barnabas Epis
copal Church in Augusta. Since then
Mr. and Mrs. Stillman have been en
joying a wedding tour, which ended in j
this city, for it is here that they will
reside. !
VISITS HARRIHAN.
Stiilman. on Thursday, was among
the visitors to E. H. Harriman's of
fices in the Southern Pacific Railroad
building: and by the president of the
company he was presented to General
Manager Kruttschnitt. His future ca
reer was decided oh by his relatives in
New York two weeks ago. It was
agreed -that he ehould continue in the
railroad business, but farther away
from home and with that end in view
Banker Stillman placed himself in
commutation v.ith President Harri
man, who agreed to find the young
man employment in the local offices.
Here he will enter upon his duties in
a few days, as soon as a comfortable
billet has been found for him.
It has been intimated in the East
that while the wealthy relatives of
young Stillman were willing to attend
his wedding:, it was simply to quell
the prattle that had arisen over his
hurriedly announced marriage and
that after this seeming condescension
the members of his family thought
Rockefeller's Nephew % Seek
I Humble Employment With
Harriman.
Young Stillman and His
Wife Are Domiciled
at the Falace.
COME TO DWELL
IN STRANGE CITY
fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1903.
30
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL;
SEE THE PICTURE.
THE ART OP POSING.
By the Beautiful
JTJNOESQXTE MISS DODGE.
ILAGNiriCENT FULL PAGR
! RHEUMATISM 'Riwa
Helpless, Physical and Financial suffer no longer ¦
For information, write SAN LUIS HOT SUL-M
PHUR SPRINGS; SAN LUIS OB1SPO. CaUB
$$? Real Easy
wi Save lots of fa
* Everything that's
Beautiful
China ware, Crockery
1 Glassware
Fancy Holiday
Ornsmsnts and Novelties
Dolls, Lamps, Clocks
Rich Cut Qlass
Dinner Sets
" Come before Parting with
your Money
f Get our prices ft^
Great American Imohlni-Jm
Tea Co. "^1
100 Stores J
That's the Reason. Jr
661 Market. 1410 Polk. 1819 Devlsadero.
210 Grant av. 705 Larkin. 3006 Sixteenth.
140 Sixth. . 475Haight. 521 Montg'y av.
355 Hayes. 2510 Mission. ' 32S5 Mission.
14C Ninth. 52 Market. . 30G Third.
200S Fillmore. 2732 IMth. 400 Fourth.
THE VALUE OF CHARCOAL
Few People Know How Useful It Is
in Preserving Health and Beauty.
Nearly everybody knows that charcoal Is the
ra'«=t and mott <fflcient disinfectant and puri-
fier in nature, but few realize its value when
taker. Into the human system for the same
cLniisiri; purpose.
ChJicoal i» a remedy that the more you take
of it me better; !t is not a drug at all. but
elir.ply aVt-crbs the eases and iaisvrttlea al-
T.ays t,rt((Ct in the Etoniach and Intestines
and ci.rrie« them out of the cystem.
Charcoal eweetens the breath after smoking,
drti:Ul«B or after eating onions and other odor-
ous \«-Kft*fcles.
Charctal effectually clear* and Improves the
owrpiexior.. It whitens the teeth and further
acts as a r:ttural and eminently eaft cathartic.
It i.bsorl.8 the Injurious £as-:s which collect
in the Blcir.ach and bowels; It disinfects the
iKcuth and threat rrotn the poison of catarrh.
All druKcIste sell charcoal In cne form or an-
other, but probably Xhe best charcoal and ths
rcoit lor the inccey Is in Stuart's Absorbent
Lo-cnpes; they are composed of the finest pow-
dered Willow charcoal and other hsrm'ees an-
ti:wrtie* sn u.b'et for:n or rather in the form
at iRrge. pleasant lasting lcreaces, the charcoal
U'ns mixed with honey.
The flallv us* of these lozenres Trill toon
tell in a much Improved condition of the gen-
eral health, better coniDlex.on, sweeter breath
and purer blood, and the beauty of it Is that
no possible aarm can result from their con-
tinued use. lut. oa the contrary, great benefit.
A BaSalo physician in epeaklng of the bene-
f.ts ol charcoal «ys: "I advise Stuart' ¦ Ab-
sober.t L*>wrarts to all patients Buffering from
eas in stomach and bowels and to clear the
complexion and ourify the breath, mouth and
throat; I also believe the lfver Is fjreatly benp-
Ctted by the dally use of the:r.; they epBtfbaj
tv/ttuy-flve cents a box at tivizi' ¦¦:,v\.b. anS i:-
though in «omo sesse a patent, javj^ration. yet
I believe* I eet more and better charcoal in
Stuart' e Absorbent Lozenges than la any Of
Ike crflinary charcoal tablet*. M
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOE BOSEITBEBG'S.
<^^^^^^ Ik -M[- 2.3 0^ BE ~™£ goo^e- irycBMm these ofrfP/NGs
\ jmSt^ Wr^^M MF Uniiyi * L x UMUW odds and ends before he closed down for the season. Our buyer was Johnny-on-the-spot look-
I -J0K JffgSSmlb^ 'II €M^mML \\ P-/-^P £°r good snaps for our store, and here is one which will make exceptionally good holiday p.es-
¦ /Alll^fS^S^rS I I r 0^. en?s, at prices that you could hardly realize to be true.. Made of the finest kind of lawn, and over
1 1O/O /-PNT<; a thousand different patterns to choose from.
I J I^^OLnlOj I Q/y SALS ON OUR MAIN BARGAIN COUNTER IN OUR BARGAIN STORE \
I ,^^^^^^^k^^^^^-^ m Ladies' Skirt Chemise. Auto or Wrist Bags All Stores' Sell Hosiery. total.
h /WW ;^^^^5 t^^^v^ L^ ¦Jtgtfr */ V , Round yoke effect Valen- >*-*%^ Which were Tson^ht -. *v <W>e <r!>ort Tmi J5 kind— ft lied with
I yi(l /^^? trimmld and a finished with f 1(mg> 1)efo " you ¦ hanaSjf "hos- sanitary floss — at
; 3 = «^ry/l many good offerings, but /~*L_?*— -A. lauy them for now. \fis\rm l^!§3»'' when you buy hera /L^f^rT^-'^p^ ln*ln H«! c
\ H^^^^^^ iiisigjsiifei piss -.iss!^s W$M- S»&pf *£& — ly to °»
I , .„ ¦„ . . , . I.Jio.i M..IU,,,, blue o? black When you bay h"« «rons walrus skin, well aewed. steel CHILD'S HOSE— Made of .llk-fln- WA ira CHAINS— Full «.venty-two
We Hare Written Time and Again Ladies RecKwear, ?o u u %°<,n-t 1% ti; h .™ir»ut you St J? r ?. e - "J t i,, e r j o ™ ln s ', r d °° 8r ,.?Sf p - £°'" l s . h ?. a "f.'Vl °f e °"S r t o «, ac *An e ?£?» mSi »iS^iSSr o« » mutur. «
— « About onr rooa nlun In TToo will notlso thavtli. .««»o»'ii ar. your real worth or your money back. SKT'Vt th™I?Xe Cn& rifc hBh "" 2ol blue and white beads. Price...... 25c
A l?4 jkn&J-tt ffi 'TlblES. OVEB COLLAR OB RIB- : YH Wll «HTNlltl TtiM, III Yllf' »r4K S.'coK ato t S!^SJ^..'^&
i re oT^c/'rt fejsj »{». ss^v^onfp.^ , Friends wiiuiso. .. p^w. ta d3S^swriSK ss? sajK j "affs&^as ™™<£™£m-r.^£
I la -WIDTH NUMBER. SO Prlce /. . 5c CUSHIONS— 20 Inches g^ them anywhere ln 'Frisco at this price u ™- IpqI hose — In openwork Ions. Made with six twisted strands.
j * WIDTH NUMBER SO— K^^l cor LAR— M-ide of impoirt- sias, pinks and other Mfef*. . By the dozen and at low prices. hose like this .....lUc lce for a handsome chain like this.
I In fancy colored ribbon, stripes and !//»&& ed S baski doth Made flowers, in different com- XjWjt , LA T P JES' HANDICERCHIEFS-Made LADIES' HOSE-Made for large \ Each S1.00
dotted hish luster, washable. Full with double tabs button binations of colors. Fin- }Ur&p\ of Belfast linen, narrow hemstitch. people, the outsize kind; ln striped lace OTarrell-Strert Eatraac*.
1 Scinches wide in Pink, blue, lemon g^/,J| and braid i trimmed Price ished with a solid col- /*£> full size: soft and ready for use. Spe- effect; fast black and made of silk-fln- BUi onmuiroo mtoi
i and lavender Not 20 cents, as it Pgl . . . . .' . . 25c ored ruffle to match cush- ~ cial A dozen 75c ished combed lisle. Liberal in width. .. . .
i fi should be. but the Price Cutter's way f H r»n T rc. Vapp papp lon - Wel1 filled wIth feathers and GENTS' HANDKERCHIEFS— Made also in length, but not in price. . .25c Ho!3 TOD Seeil t!l8 N6W UfllBS ffT
o( selllns " ; • • ; A ya [ d »*? yy C e^ &??Sfe2»^S4&5S ls fe A Fn IE K S em H b? a s n^r^ de F fst *&& Hiawafla Belt? J&^
$ When You Are Looking cr an Acceptable desl |HSKrf H?3 thls J - w Prlce 3 ° c AteatlJ5 . !^SHH^ d irl n p8^n d e iIa s d o1e of an x d tra t^e a t7 p^ %mt
i Present whSe $!.00. A Muck? puTchSe e«: ***** * O I U » v n 77~Z 1 you see them at 25c straight front buckle sliding
3 At a low price conxe to the Price Cut- ables us to soil them $1.45 DOLLS. "^ S ™ M * ? ™^ Y ° U ' Xs^^on^f^bl^kind^^elvft OiV-^h^d. a £Jal W d£
I ladies' PE-rficoATs-Made of why Not Have ah Auto Yell or Face „ « yO u anticipate buying one 75c Instead of $2.50. S^^-d^SSi^riStep^wSf^S BlsnB ' Price# ' 50c 'l!
SSSS& a^^nch^l?^ \ protector? M SSfAWr^r^SrtiSS b^^^^!^^; t^^SffS^^^^S ' Ladie5 ' Yests T f 8^
kanY^p^^^^ assarts a t ?° «™ ™ --^«- ri^L^^in,&^ sa^ *!^^ i£rv??a5
I 43c ffieg 3 wi P de , in embroidered dot and '$$? **g eyes, Dre.den porcelain and )$*A\ The irenulne C. P. (A la Si- Usl % Zm£ ™« ?«in? rofoJed tons" neck and arm holes lace trimmed. In
!^ LADIES' GOWN— Made of striped loaf patterns. In blue, brown, also g%g> bisaue heads, jointed, kid cov- fT*?] rene CorBe^ boned throueh- ?° rk f^A fr^n^ftLr^ nnfi ™, Sii blue, la vnrter and black 3.>c
Daisy flannel, square yoke, trimmed white and black.- Price them else- ered, hair and cork filled. It C.>W out wlto"enuto« TwhalebSfe. C ?^^ i a v P /vm on a elKk Ayeat for the Hwno Self-«edttctar
1 with four clusters of tucks; neck. where and you will find you will pay \\ was a sample line that we were Wf?/ rust proof; double BWe.te"", fnl nuf tml Pric^ KOo Corset.
] sleeves and yoke trimmed with a silk 60 and 75 cents for not their equal. lucky enough to purchase; some Hr//^. biai cut. hand irored medium Ing like this. Price OOO
j embroidered ruffle. Liberal in length At the Price Cutter's. . ..25c a yard rtijrhtly soUed, but mostly aU perfect: WJ*\ and low bust, full Trench ek*!**** P«IUp t>r PnlUr Cnnnitatlnn It H3S B2 c n Predicted
! and width. When you see them you ¦ 2 5o quality, sample price.. 15c Wl 1 Hip. lace and ribbon trimmed. SkeletOD COIiar tr GOllar FOUnDatlOn. " n " DCCU ricull »» cu
i will appreciate the quality and the low Dga Handlll3tf8 BattenDSFS S A W2]fS 811 60o guality, sample price.. «Oc ** If you are in need of a COB- £ At prices a little A That we will have a cold wto-
i price for such a good garment as this. new iiaiiumauB ubuiimbi B ia nmuj. uu $1.00 quality, sample price.. 55c SET be prompt, as the guan- <&mtmlS&, lower than voueen- ter of the cood old kind.
Our price 81.00 ACCJD fob 6 HO ldlV G f . 81.75 quality, ¦ample price..«1.OO tity wUl not last Ion? at this low prtce erllly have |a"d IV)|J Here'. Borne LADIES' UJI-
' On Sale in Our Bargain *SJepartment. HUU^.auiu j $JJ ?5 gample price .. S1 . 50 5c |f||W^^I for them They V V DEBWEAU of a food, warm
Attention! l|Sl#f J^.3? ' . ¦ 'lipSl ™™«£ § /il •jSS™ combination
!/s& wrrr^L^ :J^S& bh c T>p^e% mf a°. Nothing Is More Appreciated Than a All the Up-to-Date Women Wm&^ JAl fSi r 5£?l% tff^S? Sg
&Ti dreBses '&f$<&K* l> && these? Unnoo laotof Are wearing the "NEW AUTO s <xIk> >^^ • 8c ™Pft- p neck and long sleeves, jersey
jLf. ., — ¦& ni\nv attowr a'rr^v n «T,^ O a nUUbB JObhCl, BELTS"— 3% inches wide. Made of knit. Made of steam-shrunk
PtWk jSis p^l^M $ ?5r££®£2?lS8r<£&- Aprons— Large Size at a Little Price.
£ffl*&f* t L& lace, full 18 inches finisn. with three- them at such low prices as oOc Made of steam-shrunk fast colored lucky purchase enables us to^eu tnem
JJ&~>£a£Z/ wide, silk finish, in inch wide Battenberg lace. They are these? Atade of all wool ripple \T J\ gingham. Hem and strings. At the Ior "'"''''''''';' "''':fz,^ T^^Z
**^ L* dotted and flower ef- really worth 45 cents, but a limited cloth, witlv deep collar in the / L\ WS DOIl t Claim tO B6 the On V StOrfi value-giving store 12%c CHILDREN'S COMBINATION
fects. VTe can guarantee that you quantity will be sold for 125c pointed effect; satin ribbon I /j,j " B uu " l Vlaim lv uo IIIB UIII J olulc » SUITS— High neck and long sleeves,
will not buy this quality anywhere in RUNNER OR BUREAU SCARP — bound; buttoned with military ikjltt] But we do claim that no jg± Jnef Rppp ypfj The celebrated Mentnor make. Jersey
•Frisco for ...... 95c ->o inches wide and 54 inches long frogs and all round the edge WlgtU one will undersell us in price «Ef JU!)I nBUCIIBU. knit, fleece lined, velvet finish. The
• ¦ n j nu ' t in i « , Ma dP of all-over hand-made Batten- and sleeve finished with a cro- 7 %gl and Quality. JSnf Another lot of those KNIT- W^ kind that will not irritate the most
1 M0r8 GOOd Offsnngo In AllOVer LaCe Or ggj e i a ° C e f in cross stltc™ Side? web chet edge of silk finished yarn LADIES' WAISTS-Ours Mm TED PETTICOATS that we J? delicate skin. In gray and white.
I WflhSho- and the new enchanting deslRiis. We in the shell pattern; in red, are made expressly for us RfT'»«i ! | sold out inside of twelve r f^ Large and small sizes A suit oOc
\f WCUiJing. have imported them ourselves for the blue, pink and gray. Trice 95 C and are different from others hours last week. Made of £JJL\> I aHiac' Vsefs
; i Made of Point de Venise lace, full holidays, and the prices are lower for fit and finish. Here is Rs&M Jersey knitted fabric, hemmed T» AY - LflJI-a lean.
18 inches wide; for dress or waist than they have ever been sold for. n. y«h Uaaii Anv I ailloe» Unclln one made of steam-shrunk " nd feather-stitched; deep Bfr^j^' Made with high" neck and J-gh "
trimming. In ecru or white; in scroll. Instead of $2.50, at the Price. Cutter's UO TOU NeeQ An/ LafllBS MUSllil twill flannel, large tuck, with French yoke, which leaves no w sleeves; swlss ribbed. _jj®
3 flower and leaf designs. If you are $1.05 . ll n rfaru..,.»r0 man-tailored stitched seams, fullness around the waist or /J Made of pure Vega silk. In tv?jr53
: a judge of lace you will appreciate ,,...,„ « '. x „. . UflDerW2arr and finished with large pearl buttons. hips. In pink blue and gray. J* Ink blue, cream and black. )%&?
the worth of this at... .O5c a yard f| Ot BO]f 8 CrOCM SflEWl , p. And are you looking for the P^^,* W^ tabS> V 1 "* At the Price Cutter 8 /. 50c |g^ '. S1 . OO WJf
! Fillet Lace Inertloo or Antique Lace. _^ 'EE^«23PS 'Si ' S 8 S^» Ladies' Yests. JSS 1^
¦ cross and Grecian square designs, t^*i&M£\ doctor bills P craa P 3 v3/|j!jife5 LADIES" GOWNS— Made of J-achable tab collar. In cream or navy ted. The genuine Merode make; no sale OTarrell-Street Entrance.
3 marked to close, instead of 40 and I&£x/9&t&**t l lt .„ m ,L nf nl , Vvr*\ BOft bleached muslin, square blue. I rice SJ.OO better finished or fitting garment made • , _ , ,
I 50 cents, now A yard 25c wool zephyr 36 inches '" '". y 3 ke i tucked. Neck, down LADIES* WAISTS— Made of metal- In gray or white. Price.. Each Sl.OO A Tale Of LOW PHC8S III BaCSieS.
i I Torchon Lace or Insertions. %r%XMtt" H 'SBST -55 • B a -SS^&SrtSTW^ 1 S«39^ '&'?£&*£
; You will aonreciate the real worth black. Others sell shawls, but we are "'l""':'^™^"^'^"".^ f° rd: n £T? *S? «?¦ "»*. tPlm ™ e * w^ h as above, Price Each 81.00 signs. The regular 35c and 60c
, iou win appreciate luc icai wuilu ,,, ... t . .u... at LADIES GOWN — Made of New largo white pearl buttons down the «,f«m» variwrt tn rpduce stock *» p »o
| p^iY^^§° fc |a^J»3Sa^Sfa No Up-to-Date or Stylish Lad, i^^S^^
"^r^^iScffiw^:^ it Would Be a Bargain at a Sale. Prlc « • B9c ¦*"?• At the Prlca cutter- s ....s 3 .5o c« ,a ffO r d to ,. **»«» ™» ™ Perspire f reeji
M but not so in price Jc a >ard BUJ J EAU C0 VERINGS-17 inches i g% f J% f| f Rl fj §" J% g%=J\\ F== \\ SHIRT WAIST EX- *lL>-<5Pl DRESS SHIELD.
] lonae fnr Canru W-rlf nr lln-iprwo^r id « and 50 inches long. made, of I H B (i_ BLJ Q g jL §fj!| g^ a_ O |" ¦ ¦ ¦ a_ vJI^J T ? J ND 1 R ~L Made ,°l Made of nainsook.
! LaCeS TOT rnllCy \1M Cr UnjerWe2r. extr a strong lawn, hemstitched all _!!!fr V% 1 ! H 111 W% H Infc Um DDIPP PIITTFD \P&Q& wnite French lawn, with J covered, and filled
i * Made of Point de Paris and Nor- around, with fancy ends of Batten- ij HJ i BIII|JLIbII L, 0 I oJ V KiL»L"L»U I I t_K 4vV3^ three hemstitched ruffles. with vegetable substance which la
mandy in tulip, coral, rosebud and berg lace in bowknot designs. If we w V Bn IttWklBIVhBllVI 1 i»»v*- v v i i i_n ribbon straps over the odorless and washable; fits snugly over
leaf designs, from 1 to 5 inches wide. would ask $1.00 it would not be one S^S shoulder. Just the gar- the shoulders and in front; many a
3 An exceptionally low price for good cent too much. We bought them at gig Market StrCCL II 'OTaiTell StrCCL /H£m ment to give you the full dress saved from being soiled by wear-
1 values like these. Our price a low price, and that is the way we . Ol ° |¥1{!l IVKl Oil CCl. II V I at I Cll OUCH. BaSSl t> us t effect. Price . ing these; large and small sizes. Now
| 5c a yard will sell vhem COc apiece MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED. r; « , ; -^ .' 50c Oc
fa m% \^ A MILLION HAPPY AMERICAN M
H j^fefsS- ii®£*?*^' CHILDREN are kept healthy with |
W ,^»llliil£ JH*^*^ CASCARETS Candy Cathartic. Good ||
fi i^^^T^^-^ST^^T^CT word3 spoken by their mamas for H
H Ti^l X\d CASCARETS to other mamas have |l
51 v^f&^'^fc *}* Yx. V ftar mad8 CASCARETS successful until i J
M mfif r* . \&f' tno 8ale now i3 OVTR A MILLION £§
A /!0§M J^^ m 9. V w2>CvK, BOXES A MONTH. Why do little M
%$Wn$rJ% ******* B^fes. B * Olk3 llko CASC AHETS? Because W
rt / g* r 5is * v " Cw-< " 'liiP*\'^ tiie y £"o a 3\veet. palatable, frac- rj
i w««^*^T^,/ \ rateL »a rant 11Ule tat>Iet ~ ta3te -Qood, do I]
% p%TT S * » Fw* n) *r 0° od ~ never «? ri P n °* aripe. but act a
% 1^^*^ kJ'dzJ \ oentl y- naturally, positively. Medi- j]
I KclfaS'Jr WX&SsI/A clse at b c^d dislikes t1.< not do \
'*¦ iWlav\^^ / WW^Si&r it much jyood. Children are always j
t< / s Ji§?tir ready to take CASCARETS. THE %
.X /SflflSs^ PERFECT HOME MEDICINE, a3k j
i -H^n * or t^ ern anc * are kept healthy al- j
' • / ~J* \. °* chUdllood ' s ailaents. Best for j
\ f \ brffegj&OS ~\ the Bowels. All druggists. 10c. 25c. H
K I J^pK^T\\ 60c> Never 6Old ln tN 111 *- Genuine «
I V M tablet stamped C C C. Sample and H
! V / nt jf booklet free. Address \
V f \/"\.\ / / STEELING REMEDY CO.. H
I "They make me l«E<r V / Chicago or New York. 1
: feet *o good." ¦ ¦ I
ANEtiUAL SALE-TEPJ MlhUm BOXES I
3 Greatest in the World «Jnumber of town folk were at the scene.
The afternoon game attracted the at
tention of about 3000 enthusiasts.
The delay in transporting the Fif
teenth Cavalry from San Francisco
to its assigned stations at Forts Myer
and Ethan I* Allen -is explained at the
War. Department. to be due to the de
lay in the departure from those sta
tions fof the Philippines of the Second
Cavalry, which was to have sailed
from New York on the transport KI1
patrlck. - . , , ; y
It is now announced at the War De
partment that the Fifteenth Cavalry
will remain at San . Francisco^ until
about December 20, when it; is .'hoped
that the Kilpatrick can be spared nnd
sent to Manila by the way of the Suez
canal, as originally planned. In" the
meanwhile the Fifteenth Cavalry will
be equipped with the ' ; new. uniform.
Football and baseball occupied the
attention at the post yesterday
tween the hours of drill. . Both j games
brought ; out ; great crowds of . , specta
tors. Not only were the officers and
enlisted men present in great, num.-,
bers to watch the sport, but a larse
Fifteenth Cavalry v Will
. ' Start East This
1V1ODDQ. /
DELAYED TROOPS
SOON TO DEPART
"General Arthur , MacArthUr, com
mandant of the Department of CaJlfor r
hia, '.' at present - ln 3- Honolulu, is ex
pected to return to his home in time to
take Christmas dinner with' his fam
ily. ; •" _, ;•"- "¦" - -¦ "-•¦¦ -¦
During the absence of Major W. P.
Kendall,^.who left" last night for a six
Weeks' - trip to New; York, Captain 'J.
M. Kennedy will . act as commanding
officer of the United States Army Hos
pital. :/_;__.__ Z-^LvJ'^H
Major 'John Bigelow Jr. of the Ninth
Cavalry, who has been stationed at
Ord Barracks, Monterey, has been or
dered to report for duty at the Presidio.
He will probably take command of the
third ¦ squadron, composed of Compa
nies I, K, L and M," which is sta
tioned there now. .
, The Thirtieth . Infantry, under com
mand of Colonel Sweet, $ will be due
here on the -transport Sherman about
the 15th inst. 'After a few days' rest
in camp it will proceed to different sta
tions In the Department of Missouri.
First Lieutenant. Herbert G. Shaw,
assistant surgeon, .U. ; S. A'., haa ; been
ordered from duty, at Fort Ml ley, Cal.,
to! San Francisco. He, will report for
transportation to the Philippine Islands
on the transport to sail from San Fran
cisco on 'January 1, 1904. ,;
The baseball game was called at 3
o'clock: It was between the Post team
and the Fifteenth Cavalry, the Post
team, winning out, with a score of 11
u'o; : ' * ' ,'-¦¦ •¦-"..>',
The football game was played In ihe
morning between the Twenty-fourth
Field Battery ana the Ninth' Cavalry
(colored). The former won out • with
a score of 20 to 0. : .A \£
The body of the late Colonel R. L.
Eskridge, who died In the Philippines,
was on the . transport Sumner, which
arrived in New York on November 21.-
Colonel Eskridge was at one time in
command of the post at the Presidio.
Post Quartermaster Sergeant Albert
Kolb of San Francisco, having relin
quished the unexpir"ed portion of fur
lough granted him, will be sent to Fort
Davis, Alaska, for duty.
Post Commissary. Sergeant Arthur
G. Wood, Fort Logan, Colo, has been
ordered to proceed to the Presidio In
time to be sent to 'the Philippine
Islands on the army transport sailing
from San Francisco on January 1
next.
First Lieutenant Hamilton Bowie,
Ninth Cavalry, la announced as aid de
camp, to date from July 26, 1903. since
which date he has been performing the
duties of ald*de camp for Major Gen
eral S. S. Sumner, U. S. A.
Dr. William Simpson, health officer of Santa
Clara County, and Dr. H. C. Brown, health
officer of. San Jose, to-day visited the univer
sity and expressed themselves as satisfied wfth
the control of the situation and with the
precautions now beln? taken see do reason
for the further spread of the disease. . There
are now in the detention hospital eight cases
and four suspects. Two students are being
isolated in private houses In Palo Alto. It
is quite jiopsible that a few more cases may
develop, but any extensive spread of the dis
ease is not at all likely. With the precau
tions now being carried out by the Individual
students and members of the community there
is no unusual danger in remaining in the uni
versity till the end of the semester. The uni
versity will not close and there will be no
necessity for the general quarantining of any
of the balls or boarding-houses.
The exact origin of the cases has not been
determined, but there is little doubt that some
student contracted a mild case of diphtheria
during the Thanksgiving recess and returned
to the campus without knowledge of his con
dition, consequently exposing those with whom
he came in contact. The water and milk sup
ply of the community have been under con
stant examination since last year and are be
yond question. All things considered, the dis
ease is well ln hand and there is now no espe
cial reaeon for apprehension.
Emphasis should be placed upon the fact
that there Is no epidemic in the usual sense
of the term. We were only on the edge of
one. The crisis came Thursday, when the iso
lation of the two cases appearing- on- that day
meant either the quarantining of the two halls
or the removal of the patients to the county
peethouse.
With the prompt permission of the univer
sity authorities to use the old psychology lab
oratory for a detention hospital and its sat
isfactory equipment, the one essential factor
in eetrrefating the cases was supplied. It is
now possible to successfully meet any situa
tion that may develop.
The dtohtherla situation to-night is reas
suring. No positive cases have developed dur
ine the day and only three students Have
been admitted to the detention hospital. Every
precaution Is beinc taken to prevent the de
velopment of an epidemic and ample facilities
have now been provided for controlling the
situation. ' *
There are twelve cases of (pnsilitis on
the campus and eight suspects. The
source of the disease has not been dis
covered, but it is supposed that some
student contracted it while away from
the campus during the Thanksgiving
holidays. The authorities state posi
tively that the water and mllk ( supply
of the community are not responsible
for the disease. Dr. W. F. Snow, uni
versity health officer, gave out the fol
lowing official statement to-night:
HEALTH OFFICERS' STATEMENT.
Eight of those patients who are con
nected with the university are being
cared for by the Students' Guild at
their two hospitals. The following four
diphtheria suspects are detained in the
detention hospital: E. Kohl Morrison,
1904, of Denver: J. C. Storey, graduate
student. Seattle; B. Holley, 1906, of
Dixon and N. K. Carpenter, 1907.
The following ten members of the
university, eight students and two
members of the faculty, are at present
suffering from diphtheria: Miss Olive
Neal, 1906, of Lewlston, Idaho; Misa
Edna M. Reeves, 1905, Ukiah, Cal.; H.
E. Savage, 1906; Stephen' Tabor, 1906,
Richmond, Va.; G. D. Boalt, law grad
uate, Palermo, Cal.; I. B. Hunter Jr.,
1904, assistant In engineering, Stan
ford University; C. S. Sherwood, 1907;
H. C. Wilde, 1907; W. J. Neidlg, In
structor in English, Stanford Univer
sity; W- A. Manning, Instructor in
mathematics, Stanford University. In
addition to these Mrs. Scott Brook,
wife of Organist Brook of Memorial
Church, and another person in Palo
Alto, whose name could not be ascer
tained to-night, are stricken with the
disease.
NAMES OF THOSE ILL.
All social functions were stopped by
the authorities to-night in order to
prevent any unnecessary possibility for
further contagion. As a result of the
order the dance which was to be given
by the young ladles of Roble Hall and
another by the Sigma Chi Fraternity
were called off. .
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Dec. 5.—
Although a number of cases of diph
theria and tonsilitls have developqrf on
the campus the university health offi
cers stated to-night that the situation
was well ln hand and that there was
no danger of an epidemic. .
However, the fact that there were
numerous cases reported to-day has
created considerable excitement in the
college community and a number of
students have left for their homes, but
these have cone generally ln response
to telegrams from home. A large
number of the women students in Roble
Hall have left the dormitory as the re
sult of two cases of diphtheria discov
ered there, some of them going to Palo
Alto temporarily and others going to
their respective homes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Health Officer Declares That
the Situation 13 Re
assuring.
Diphtheria on Increase,
but Epidemic Is Not
ExpectecjL
STANFORD HOPES
DANGER IS OVER
THE g SAN - FRANCISCO' 'CALL,: SUNDAY, DECEM BER 6. 1903.
31
ADVEBXISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISETtTENTS.
W||^ li B|l I] And many other painful and seriou3
|| gpl ll eg ailments from which most mothers
i Bra Uli suffer, can be avoided by the use of
B& B& SB a A, mm ". Mo^ 1 ' 8 ' This great remedy
tH: MM Wa H^ s a <^°^" sen^ to women, carrying
BH^DdBBssl^si^^ « ordeal with safety and no pain.
No woman who uses ''Mother's Friend" need fear the suffering
and danger incident to birth; for it robs the ordeal of its horror
and insures safety to life of mother and child, and leaves her in
a condition more favorable to speedy recovery. The child is
also healthy, strong and. p> .—_ —^ .__ ._ _ «*. n gg^
woman, and will be sent free in plain i|59 p^ S j^ 5\S El>||
envelope by addressing application to gg g^ ll & |||§| H H
Brad field Regulator Co. Atlanta, Ga. W mm 1 Hal » H^
BARBAROUS SURGICAL OPERA
TION
* Write 'Pyramid Drug' Co., Marshall.
Mich., .for their little book on 'the
causes and cure of piles, which Is sent
free for the asking. ,
The Pyramid Pile Cure is sold by
druggists for 50 cents a package and Its
merit is*, so well known that the 'sales
exceed those' of all * similar remedies
combined. ,
For the Cure of Piles
Ib not. only intensely painful, danger-
ous to life and very expensive, but in
the light of modern medical research,
and since the discovery of the Pyramid
Pile Cure, wholly unnecessary. If you
have any doubt on this point kindly
read the following letter from one who
knows that, the claims regarding the
merits of the Pyramid Pile Cure are
borne out by facts.
"For a long time I suffered with blind
piles. They gave me so much pain and
uneasiness that they almost disquali-
fied me for doing anything. I saw an
ad In the Atlanta Journal of Pyramid
Pile Cure and ordered a 50-cent box.
I used them and they gave me relief;
that encouraged me and I bought an-
other 50-cent box *^.nd they cured me.
Oh, how glad that I am well again!
"The Pyramids cured me and I am
satisfied they will cure anybody else
who Is suffering as I was, If they will
use them.
"You may Use this in any way you
see proper.,. if my experience will en-
courage any sufferer, to use your Pyra-
mids. I shall be glad.'" — ' , .
H.K. HICKS, Calhoun, Ga.
ADVEETISEBSEHTS.
'A AProperly
y : J$kg$k -.Crt Suit
fij^|^^2*s ;^ Correctly tailored
K-i^^^^vlk'.-i^Ji and made, of good,
fctpf^fi-M^aHa dependable material.
" mSw^&F&t-fiUi&t " wh^t you can have
* '• UrK''^ 1 '"V'ST-'Mw w"»de to your order
/ r/3M'» An<1 you may "**»*¦
/ fattM the 8Ult whlle paying
/ rar4->w • f or K- Gur tailoring
• ' lWS"» ¦' Ib of- a -high- class—
\&1hfi il can 't.be anything
& JPaJfe e)9G on a Proposition
— TilCTli^ of thia kind. We
-""^pJWBW^J . guarantee , perfect
ssitisf nctlon,
. ing and let us take
your measure. :
A. B. SMITH CO.,
- UP TO-DATE TAILORS. '.
128-132 BLUS STRjEET,
_ Above Powell, San . Francisco. '
I FOR TWENTY YE A R5, HERE \
-The biggest Furniture House on the Pacific Coast The re-
f^=^^^~~=^.^-=^^.^~ s L j-^^gT liable house. The house that has fitted two generations with U ' : . - - g/
i ypMPWlM^a^M^^ % homes and sent out baby buggies to the third. The house that $ '^^^^f^^W^^^^^^^ jsj?
fp^^^^l?r^^^l^l § nasnevcr deceived a customer now opens its Christmas season $ km WMW /WM?i)m
&\W^^vWSMil f with these beautiful holiday gifts and offers the strongest specials | WW' : ,-,
m $ S't 1 P®PP 1 m of thC year "" a s P ecia ' to newifriends— a mark of good will to the old. g Wk^^bsa*?^^ 2$
rk N 'i' SSlill ! 'i: 1 IVlake-your selections now and have them delivered at your order. M \^^M^^^^^f^V fi [(m
iinc of Bookcases in one, twe M J^^^^gk- SV, T!*!«- M U* ~ Ti« «— A -* tfn" flft (A l\^pfe^2^T ln^lchly grained. 8 weath- rt^f
\y[ and three sections. This one in Kj %^§rifLJS 1 itiail MahOgany DaYenpOn, J139.00 K m PfCj yt ered or golden oak: French KA
hi «-i»i ihoroA mW Hull finish f-inrv vA -^-?SSiB&e&* © Ik .• ° J K ' .'¦¦¦•' 0T s^^=^^^' W? bevel plate mirror; carved \)rf\
nr weathered oak, aim nnisn, lancy >t> j V\ xhis Davenoort of Titian desien is of massive solid V? l^fS "^P^* J ti< sphinx back; silver ser- fa A
\3j quartered oak and leaded prlass *k t • w inis davenport 01 iitian aesign is 01 massive solid <gj k^a i | vice and decanter closet KS. *
rfl doors; regular price, $38.50. Spe- B C npr iji1 Vt 7K fW - mahoprany frame. The sculpturing is all hand work of a 0 1 . IL-. /A and double swelled draw- fli
W ciai .hu week. $.,..«,. | speciai^^a | Krade of g g g | L L 1 ""' Prtc * '"° 0 ' Ti •
< \Z» S^o While ther-0 should be seen to have its beauties adequately appreci- yi SpcCiai, $O.0D Jj . ©
VK 1 "~ vp? | I I Regular jU Price S21 75 r Regular price ' %> pretty Desk and a £jp
Pjf Special for the Week, $15.75 I U . ¦»*«*»•¦ Rj A B affior-s cSlaiStu T for al', $2S.OO. Special, * fk pretty Rift; a luxury that
n4> A long line of comfort chairs, ft 3-^ v\ Bachelor's Den. or a Bachelor's W _«SKfe^Wir- Yi is a necessity to refine- tTA
Y7\ This one a massive hand- 7/ ¦ V— - \f friends; equipped with all neces- \m 2t — 17/**y^L \i ¦ ' • . ,• 1 1 V\
% carved aU hand FpoHshed Mor- i \ R sities; in weathered oak. .' ;^ W.M. • , «RJl*|J ment; in mcelv oohshed ( g
Tk ris Chair in golden or weath- /^^-^s^-ssra^Vfe^JS/^/^a^DC^a-*^ golden oak. tastefully lQO
¦ji ered oak; spring bottom; re- Vf£^&V&?*$£&&^J<^^ madc . Regular price,
* zi vcrsiblc vclour cushions* snv wQ -r *"...* • * ¦ lf£L~ : " < . t*5I Sq.oo* t * y^
f Special for the Week, | W\a "'^^^V^iAl'X^CVCV- ON^ /l^f^ f ®
$16.50 1 |> llV»v J^\^/%)l)m^^\W.%\i Special ThisWeek $43.50 /§J
U pltli?^^ • 233-335-237 POST STREET I ch^f a S s h JSTg W
i ; |iil| . The -Biggest Furniture House on the Pacific Coast . 1 | li^Sl 1^^ §
APVXBTISEBCEarTS. !
i WILL GIVE $1000
-i*^S^. If I fail to curs any
CANCER
or lumorl treat
'.cr* J*»w &vjl before It poisons
7 1| Ho Knife" Ho ?ainl
J&L P No P a y Until Cured
ljirvi*^j« f in SO years X bare cured more
"*¦ ,f\ fancers than any other doctor
-?y [ living. Wliy experiment wltbtti*
V^ r -<^» I swindling i. ju.y or borne tieat-
itSSSKr /r*>^ m *" t Untl1 P«»cure.
"B""* IT "awn mams.
ANY LUMP IN A
Mm BBE&ST IS GANGER
They always r-c'son tbe glands la the armpit
and «Uou'.drr: t&en cure isolten impossible. Any
tunior, lucp cr sore on the LIP. FACE or any-
where six trscnths Is nearly always cancer.
They D^er pain until almost past euro.
120 PAGE BOOK SENT FREE^
Tviihf.vnipioEs and testimonials of thouSioda
cured wiioza you can 6ee and talk with.
Dr. S. R. CHAMLEY <& CO.
•• StricUy Reliable. " Two Lady Assistants.
25 Third St., San Francisco, Cal.
SEHD TO SOMEONE WITH CAHCEB
A USEF&L
CHRISTMAS PRESENT
ty5$*f A \u^3 QT1(i
$10, 515, 520 slightly used
S3, $5, S8 Second Hand
All styles. Guaranteed.
HEW HOME SEWING MACHINE CO.
IO5I Market St
The output of
ANDREW USHER
is Icrpest because it 13
acknowledgid the BEST
(Scotch Whisky]
all over the globe
WiHt&m Wolff L Co. sam nuNCtso
RfcCflC CO*iT *jCNT"»
_ 4
AIIESCn 1 sl > erery person ln
F"iJr»£Lfl tb « D. B. safferloe with
W *bf 6 C *m ft# EPILEPSY or FITS to send.
Sor one of my large-sized bottles (10 lull oz.)
COCC and lf *t does all that Is claimed
rl\Ct for It, the patient) can then con-
tinue the treatment which Is not ezpenilTe.
Dr. F. E. GRANT, cm 973, Kansas City, Mo.
.CUTLE^lT
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
or the —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
hamburgIremen
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG, tn the Empire of Germany,
on the Cist day of December, A. D. 1902.
end fcr the rear ending on that day, as made
to the Insurance Commissioner of the State cf
California, oureu&nt to the provlslota; of sec-
tions 610 and eil of the Political Code, con-
densed as per blank furnished by the -Com-
missioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Markrt Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. .$l,4S9,075 00
Amount of Ixians secured by pledge
of liords, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.. 40 000 00
Cash la Banks &5,S0e 11 j
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion liO.001 79
Total Assets .(1.T33.SSS 00
LIABILITIES.
Jjoezer adjust *d and unpaid $8,175 00
Loepes in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 88,340 00
Lobbps- r»-*i5U-d, including expenses 12,150 00
Grocs premiums on Fire nisks run-
ning; one year or \**%. $1,202,-
257 01; reinsurance 50 per cent.. 601,128 SI
Gross premiums on Fire Kirks run-
ning more than one year, $1,126,-
3<6> 87; reinsurance pro rata.... 606,627 C9
Commissions and Brokerage due
and to become due 42,213 44
Total Liabilities .$1,359,634 51
INCOME. ===-
?Cet caah actually received for
Fire premiums $1,551,888 41
Reef iv*d for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and
Jrcm all other eouroes C2.148 72
Total Income .$1,604,027 13
EXPENDITURES.. —
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
<lncluuln« *70.32G 39. losses of <v .-:
previous yeare) 889,731 40
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 29S.213 03
Paid for Salaries. Fe*t» and other
charges for officers, clerlcr. etc.. 122,619 15
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 36,42129
All other - payments and expendi-
. tures 06,501 04
ToUtl Expenditures $1,443,685 01
Fire,
Lorfcs incurred during the year.. $838,011 40
PJska and Premiums. 'Fire Ricks. Premium*.
i | • ____ .«_ __
Net amount of Risk*
written during" the!
year $141,090,790 $1,034,499 70
Net amount ot riKk*
' expired during the i ,
' year :. 130,350.575 1.700,10130 ,
X*t. amount- in- force ¦ ¦¦ -. • -.
December 3L 1802.. lS2.39fl.C20 2.32S.5CC 88 :
~ o AFFELD . v. g. Manager.
Fubucrlbed and eworn to before me, this 22d
day of January. 1&03.
CHARLK8 EDGAR MILLS. '
Commissioner for CaUfornia la New York. :
• EUDOLPH HEEOLD Jr., Ceneral Agenf. !
EiBRT C. BOYD, Assistant Gen'l Agent
455 CALIFORNIA ST., i
saa rn.wcisco, cal. :Pp*dal information supplied dally tc
business houses and public nien by the
Vttnn Clipping Bureau (Allen's). CO Cali
fornl* itreet. Telephone Main 10*2. • ,
Town«eniV« California glace fruits an€
oniiiUf*, 60c & pound, in artistic nr»
?tctuxl bo*p*. ' A nice present for Eastern
(tkndau 'TIS Market St.. above Call bldg. «
The French people face much the
same problem as that confronting the
United States In respect to their mer
chant marine. Ships are more expen
sive to bulM and operate In France
than In almo#t any other European
country, and to overcome these ine
qUAtltles a policy of direct subsidies to
certain of the more important lines.
ami* of premiums based upon service
to other lints, has been in force many
year*
French Shipping.
' s*r \ NE of that noble 'band of English college fcllqws
I J whose leisure hours, are devoted to the writing of
%->' elaborate treatises upon abstruse subjects has set
himself to the task of preparing a monograph upon fanati
cism in the United States. Amongthe many phenomena of
these Arrierican States which . irhpress ':. his English mind is
the prolific character of our freak religious sects. He sees
in the many queer sports' of religious sentiment existing-here
an odd twist in the American character which he wouid 'con
strue.into an innate. predisposition' upon our part to fly off
at a : sudden tangent upon anything new and bizarre! in the
spiritual line. -He is assured that the followers of Joseph
Smith, "Elijah" Dowie . and , other leaders of; the kind are
merely; proof s^which.' fix his theory. That any = new "thought
proclaimed from the housetops -with sufficient ; zeal can find
its quota of enthusiastic followers causes the English' phil
osopher to sigh for the future of American mentality.' -, . :
We freely admit all the evidence submitted by the" pfosecu J
tion." r W r e' have people>vho' ; bar "physicians from Isick^be'ds.
Others Jhcre. are whodisrobe themselves and run through
thestrcetsi praising the" Most" High, in their nakedness}- -A"
number favor keeping a harem. "Not a few lie awake i of
nights with an car listening^ for 'the sudden ' trump': of jiiidg-'
FANATICISM IN AMERICA;
The , llfe-iinver» nltrtoh«sl to Uttcta
Sam's stations on Flr« talntul •n^ovin
tered great dlfflouUtMi nn.t •1rt»K« M , m
crossing the OreAt Hmith ttny to ih«
Long Island inon, •Ituftf t»y water
craft or to* YrMI, mill, nMurAUy
enough, thny hurt « lifting to vl«tt
family and :rrl«n<ta ' \\\\+n th« *m\t
island no* WM'ohdM'il *Uh dtiri lc«
Ingenious Lifc-Siwers.
A remarkable collection of material
relating ? to the 'history of Rhode Isl
and has just passed into the posses
sion of Brown University. For some
fifty years Mr. Sidney S. Rider of
Providence - has been collecting every
book or manuscript bearing on the
history ot his State. Many of the
books,i portraits, pamphlets and doc
uments Tcbuld by no possibility be re
placed."*'*'; Many ". of the manuscripts
have never even been seen by a histo
rian. In order to insure Its permanent
preseravtion .this most valuable col
lection," through the generosity of Mr.
Marsden J. Perry, has been presented
to, Brown University and haa Just
been formally: transferred. The col
lection rapidly be arranged on
the shelves, .catalogued and thus,ren
dered 7 accesible for historical purposes.
This ¦ collection of Rhode Inland ma
terial, coupled with the famous John
Carter Brown collection" of "Americana,
will make ; Brown University An unrU
valed' center '¦ '¦ for * htgtorlcat atuiUen
along these special linen.
Brown's Fortune.
Impelled by the stress of competition the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company recently reduced the steerage fare
from San Francisco # to China to $2. The' officers of the
company committed a grievous error of judgment. They
should have reduced the fare to nothing arid earned- a
reputation .for .what they have not— a desire to rid the
country of undesirable coolies.' - ; " -
History of the Louisiana Purchase
told in flowers.
Approximate cost of the exposition.
J50.000.000.
Palace of education, 523x750 feet, cost
$319,990.
Palace of electricity, 525x750 feet, cost
1399,940.
Towers on palace of machinery are
265 feet tall.
Forty thousand horsepower for expo
sition uses.
Largest silver nugs*t ever mined;
weighs five tons.
Fair opens April 30, 1904: closes De
cember 1, 1904.
An 8000-h6rsepow«r turbine engine in
power plant.
Sire of grounds, 1240 acres— nearly two
square miles.
World's Fair Pointers,
"Talk about standing on tho corner
watching the houses go by, waiting for
yours to come along," said a San Fran
cisco young ' man, "that's easy com
pared with finding your own room after
the hotel does arrive, the way they're
building them at present. Every floor's
the same and each cell is lika Its fellow.
I was staying in a hotel on Bush street
a year ago and one evening waa called
to the telephone. They had phones on
every other floor, and as my floor waa
an odd one I had to ascend one flight.
"Well, I finished my talk, and being
In a hurry to keep the da — well, any
how, being in a hurry, I very naturally
forgot the floor and went straight for
what appeared to be my room, opened
the door suddenly and entered. Say!
There was one screech, a splash of
golden hair, a disappearing . female —
and I was out. I never knew how. Re
flex action wouldn't work quick enough,
to leave an impression. You can bet I
rushed to the office, though, to 'fess up
and head off the police. 'Grandma.' the
landlady's mother, squared it for me.
but if I hadn't a reputation that -won't
shrink, rip or fade I # never coul<i have
explained it away. And yet. it was all
the fault of thelarchitect!"
Up to the Architect.
Is it a trade? Upon my word, I
think it is a profession and one of the
ancient and honorable. The casual
rogue has rio chance of making him
self free of the guild. He must, in the
first place, be a "college graduate,"
duly provided .with a diploma. The
most notable coachman's college is In
the rue Marcadet, 'yonder on the flank
of Montmarte.'
Officially the college ig known as
the "Ecole d'apprentissage des coches
de fiacre de.la ville de^Paris." The
.director Is Pernette, a capable, horsey
man, -a* famous whip. A half dozen
professors aid. him— vets, hostlers,
grooms.— Outing.
¦ By day.and night 15,000 cabs ply in
the streets of Paris. A few hundred
of them, blue, drawn by young, mer
curial horses, driven by liveried
coachmen, bearing neither numbers
nor placques," make snobbish pretense
of being private carriages. Of the
others the greater part .belong to the
three great companies — the Compag
nie- ,Generale, with its blue-bellied
cabs;, the Urbaine, with cabs decorated
with yellow lozenges; the Abellle, with
its cabs stained a dull green. In ad
dition there are scores. of small sta
bles, whence three or four cabs • are
sent out.- 'Many cabmen, too, own
their own rigs. On the whole, how
ever, the "Three Companies" are mas
ters of the trade/. \. iV .':..-.
Coachmen's College.
In his simple savage way he pondered
on ambition aa a spur to success. — New
York Sun. •
"Yes," he acknowledged afterward,
"it was a mistake to start at Provi
dence; I might as well have made it
Newport, and hobnobbed with the 400."
Perceiving his lost opportunity too
late, he turned his attention to the In
dians.
Peter Stuyvesant was congratulating
himself on his wooden leg.
"It makes me such a typical New
Yorker," he explained. "Fopcs will
think I lived in the Auto-Trolley-Sub
way age."
Proud of this distinction, he rejoiced
to be ahead of his time.
The Indians had Just perpetrated tha
Jamestown massacre.
"Yea." admitted Opechancano, mod
estly. "I think it was pretty good for an
amateur. Of course, if I had wanted a
major generalcy, I might have done
better." -^.i ;' ' r * M -
Nezv Light on History.
The Pilgrim Fathers were about to
land. ; ;.**;•;
"How lucky," they, exclaimed, "that
there aren't any customs duties!"
Hereupon they~dlsembarked from on?
to two million original pieces of furni
ture that came over in the Mayflower.
Roger ¦Williams had founded Rhode
Island.
Characterizing this, Mr. Smith as a union man said: "If
this was not a clear case of exacting money by blackmail
and intimidation then it would be well to know what
constitutes "such .an offense. "Such, an act ought' to .'be
punishcd ; by^imprisonment, and a union which backed up
such methods \will ; either lhave to change its •' policy or be
exterminated by outraged public sentiment."' ' . ,
That : the ; paper, was received with every evidence of
approval; by the union men;, to. whom • it" was s . addressed
seems .to ' indicate the speedy of \ conditions
.which, will make these destructive \ industrial
i^wars unnecessary such extreme -measures
.for'.'!the^enforcement of "the law as Colorado itiasfbeeri
c'ompeliedjt6 : adbpt. " ' . " ,"• t ~V "
AS in the case of the Coeur d'Alene mines in Idaho
it has ; been~ found necessary^ by the Governor of
Colorado to declare martial law in the Cripple
Creek district.' Acts destructive of life and property have
accompanied the strike *of the gold miners belonging to
the W'estern Federation and the lawful authorities of the
State are compelled to invoke the stretching of the mili
tary arm to preserve and enforce the rights of person and
property. *¦ -v
Every one knows that the conductthat has made this
extreme resort necessary has no right nor proper nor
reasonable relation to the. principles of organized labor.
They inhere only in the impulse to make unlawful use of
physical force. The Avisest menin organized labor know
that industrial peace can never prevail as long as men
are taught that they are in a class by 'themselves and that
every other man's hand is against them. At a recent
meeting of the Engineers' Union, a member, Mr. Cecil B.
Smith, read a paper on this subject that may be bene
ficially studied by all workingmen and employers and by
the citizens who constitute what President Roosevelt
called the "third party in interest"— a party that suffers
all the cost and consequences of industrial : warfare and
has rip organizatiqn through which to assert its rights.
Speaking of unioh;Iabor as a union man Mr.< Smith said:
"The' "demagogue must be purged from its ranks. and
the walking delegate who traffics his position for boodle
and becomes a mass of corruption, a parasite who sucks
the very life blood.out of the movement and makes it an
easy prey .to its. enemies.. Methods of intimidation arid
coercion belong tothe past and should be buried with it.
There are plenty, of capitalists and corporations too, for
that, matter, who,, if they were approached ; in a proper
spirit of fairmindedness; would> only be too glad to meet
the demands of ;labor ¦ in- an j open, ' honorable/ straight
forward'manner, perfectly willing to live. and let live.
But, when organized labor acts the demagogue by making
arbitrary and unjustifiable' demands it simply^ plays the
better spirited employers into the, hands of those capital
ists • and; emploj'ers who v would not concede to" labor the.
right to. live only.that it; may be exploited of the fruits of
its ¦industry. • . '
; : "No nian in his"; right senses can- deny- that-many , of
the acts which have lately. ¦ been made . public as ' perpe
trated by organized labor-have been little short of fiend
ish;' acts. which seemed'to me incredible, for in my eight
or more years' association with- organized labor I have
never personally encountered; such conditions arid could
not believe them to exist until convinced by sheer weight
of evidence. I refer, for. instance, to the practice J of
arrhing'a-* walking delegate with the authority 'to call a
strike on his own 'initiative. Just fancy walking up to a
workman, who is entirely oblivious to there
being any trouble whatsoever between himself and his
employer, and demanding that he quit work! So a strike
is declared and in'manyv cases iwhen the, workman de
murred at what he justly considered such tyrannical
measures of procedure he is met by a 'shower of abuse
mingled with threats." If this is freedom then what under
the sun '-would constitute tyranny /or slavery? If it-be
come'a .recognized, fact; that .a necessary qualification lor
membership in a. union is the surrender of one's manhood
to .the arbitrary, demands of .an official bully then trades
unionism will have to: go, and the sooner , it goes, under.
,' such conditions- the. beUcr.. for. all, concerned, for. instead
of promoting 'progress such -retard it and place
us in the status of the dark" ages."
Continuing, : he ; said that the* labor unions must in
crease their strength and become a force to be reckoned
with on the lines of reason and justice and that' the union
should be the workingman'sjcollege, schooling him in tljf
knowledge of economics... Referring, to the internecine
wars between. unions he cited this.'caser-During the con
struction of a large building a;walking delegate. appeared
declaring that though* the whble'job v was unionized some"
of the work had been done by. the! wrong union and im
mediately, called a strike on the ,whole : work. Subse
quently*'he. found' that he was mistaken that the
right "union : \ had done - the work and *ordercd the men
back and ordered the contractors' to pay them their
wagesfor the. time theyihad been idle. The amount was
$6000 arid -the contractors demurred, but under the walk:"
ing^delegate's" threat to renew, the strike,compromised by
paying, $2566.' /
UNFORTUNATE CRIPPLE CREEK.
A few days ago General Bell, operating against' law
lessness, in Colorado, received a threatening letter wrap
ped in a human finger that had recently been cut from a
living body.' The subordinates of General Bell by some
process of reasoning unknown to logic construed the in
cident into t £, joke. If a human head had. accompanied
the missive these - ponderous' advisers probably would
have considered the affair a bigger joke. '
When I arrived at Boma. the capital
of the Congo Free State. I had nowhere
to go. There was a two-story hotel,
nsed for housing the agents of the'Con
go Free State Government, but It cost
$3 a day to stay there, and that was as
far beyond me a« a million. But soon I
found employment as an engineer with
the Congo Free State, and then I board
ed at the hotel., with the rest of the
government men.
Here I had a chance to study the
question of making American plo"heer
life practical in this country. At first it
did seem as though the chances were
against it. The employes of the gov
ernment were dying very rapidly.
Many were being sent home.. They could
not stand the climate. Some went; on
board on stretchers,- complete wrecks,
and very liable to die on the way home;
"Medical comfort" "did not seem to do
any good, and they were v dyins in epite
of their boozing all day long.- An Eng
lishman landed in'good health. In three
days be was dead. : It was quick work.
His tombstone was a board with a piece
of tin tacked on with holes punched in
I went aboard the Volte with a pack
of clothes that I could carry and a 44
Winchester. It was a nasty voyage. I
was the butt of all the Jokes. The idea
of an explorer with only as many
clothes as he could carry and a popgun
for big game! I tried to explain pioneer
life In. America, and that all the cow
boys used 44 Winchesters, and that a 44
¦was a big gun compared with the old
mutrle-loading, patch-bulleted Boone
rifle and that the Americans used
small bores and shot straight instead of
using a big gun and shooting anywhere.
There were several old co^et traders
on board, and what fun they had with
me! They were going out for three
years for a large coast trading com
pany, Which furnished e\'erything to Its
employes— European food exclusively
two or three bottles of beer a day, a
few bottles of seltzer water and as
much brandy and wine as theywanted;
and notwithstanding all thf«s, these men
hail tons of luggage of their own. They
laughed at my ideas of making Ameri
can pioneer life practical In Africa.
What was I going to do for "medical
comfort." as they called their cham
pagne and cognacs. Madeira wines and
liquors? I could not live without it to
put blood in my veins^ they said. But
before I arrived at the coast it was the
opinion of the people on board that I
knew what I was about; that there -was
6ome mission I had been sent on and
was Just going this way as a blind;
that my luggage was ful> of gold, etc
So the teasing stopped.
It was Just before Christmas of 1889.
and on Christmas day the Volte, a boat
of Elder Dempster & Co., was to sail
for the western coast of Africa. I had
taken passage on her, and though it
seemed very impractical to go and com
mit suicide, as every one thought, I de
termined to accept my fate.
Looking back at my start for Africa
I rather pity myself. I can see that
American boy on the Liverpool landing
stage, without a friend on that side of
the Atlantic and without a single letter
of introduction, but with infinite faith
that no matter what came he would ac
complish his end in some way. That
Inflated confidence soon was punctured.
I talked with several Englishmen who
were supposed to know the coast of Af
rica, and they all discouraged ma. At
last I visited Dr. Guiness at Hull
House, who had lately returned from a
trip up the Congo. I'told him my plans,
and he said that I could not live there
three months without medicine, Euro
pean food and backing from the civit
ized world, and that it was simply sui
cidal to go as I expected to. Xo con
vict ever heard his sentence with great
er despair than was mine as I listened
to Dr. Guiness exploding my pet theo
ries.
As the years passed I made every
thing conform to my boyhood's resolve,
and at last, in 1889, I found myself at
the mouth of the Congo.
I was then 22 years of age. I had
very little equipment, but I had a store
of knowledge gleaned from every Afri
can authority I could consult. I imag
ined I was well prepared to meet all
emergencies.
BT WILI4AM S. CHERRT.
(ATr-.cac Traveler, Explorer and Big Game
Hunter.)
CCojyyrlsSit, 1903. by Joseph B. Bowlea.)
So long as there Is anywhere on God's
earth a single spot marked "unknown,"
somebody is going to find out what is
In it Arctic exploration will not be
given up till some fortunate mortal
¦traddles the north pole. The jrolce
that calls some men to go forth Into the
unknown and blaze a way for the oth
ers to follow is the voice of destiny.
This voice came to me early in youth.
When I was about nine years of age
Stanley had Just returned from his ex
pedition of 1877 down the Congo and
across Africa. The world was excited
over his discoveries and the greatness
of his achievements. He had given to
civilization the knowledge of the Congo
basin and its boundless resources. In
discovering the Congo he has found a
new highway into equatorial Africa.
I remember with what interest I lis
tened to the reading of his book, and
how I spelled out its contents labor
iously for myself. It made my youth
ful blood run faster. I resolved to see
those wonderful things in the htart of
Africa.
Ef Dash Into "Africa.
or partially fnozen over. These inge
nious people long ago realized the
need of a vehicle capable of traveling
on either ice or water safely, and
about thirty years ago they launched
the first "scooter," a boat constructed
to travel on both Ice and in water. It
w%s a small boat, made fast to a sled,
which .was pushed on the ice and
rowed on the water. This crude mode
of travel with the wind against or
across the boat made the trip one of
tremendous exertion. In the course
of time a sail was tried, at first square
rigged and very small, but it was used
only when the wind was fair. Then a
special boat was built, which was par
tially decked, and the sled was matla
lighter until at last the scooter of the
present day came about, with nothing
left of the sled but the bottom of tho
runners, shod .with iron, or, better
still, as . experience has shown, with
brass. And so has developed the won
derful "scooter" of the Long Island
lakes and bays, a swift ice-boat that
will sail in the water and from one
element to the other quickly without
a Jar. — Country Life in America,
GENERAL GREEN in the Colusa - Sun
about the .effort 1 to acquire for. preservation v and
public use the Calaveras grove* of big trees that:
"The Calaveras big trees got into private hands through
the fraudulent use of the United States land laws,, and
now" the o\v*ners are busy, getting- up all. sorts of -petitions'
begging the Government to condone .the fraud and; per
jury by which the land passed into private. hands and in
addition pay a vast forjune for lands which cost $2 50 per
acre. We have a circular letter from Mrs: White telling
us all about the danger of the destruction of the big
trees. "Mrs. White could not be used directly in the
premises, but she is being used all the same by these
speculators." . • , ;» \
Now we think this is all a mistake, an honest mistakef
but . its 'effect may be deplorable. Long years ago>th>:
Calaveras big trees passed into private ownership and
became the property of' Mr. Sperry, . and: there was no
taint nor shadow of fraud in the transaction. He owned
them at least thirty years. Financial'Tiecessity caused
him to mortgage the tract for a large sum of" money. He
persistently and repeatedly tried to sell the -property. 7 He
proposed that the State should purchase, it, and there is
evidence that be made every effort to get out of his pre
dicament in such a way as to free himself of/debt and
preserve the trees for the public. But he met with no
response from any quarter. '.'.". fj*. :
Of course it is unfortunate that at that time public sen
timent in this State* on the subject' was not at concert
pitch and there was no such organization as the Waters
and Forests Society or the Outdoor Ltague to take ad
vantage, of his offer and secure the grove at a nominal
price. Failing at every turn he finally spld the* trees,
embodied in a large lumbering tract ; of yellow pine and
sugar pine timber, to Mr. Whiteside of Minnesota. After
this was done public sentiment was aroused and an ef
fort began to acquire the trees from, Mr.. Whiteside.
Instead of being used by a speculator to sell back to
the Government at a great price lands acquired by. fraud
and perjury Mrs. White has labored ceaselessly to make
the best of a situation created by the past neglect of our
people. This effort has attracted interest and. enlisted
effort far and wide. In New England and the Southern
States. it has the benefit of the splendid rise; of public
feeling for the guarding of the forests of the country. It
has secured the co-operation of economists who know
the value of forests as related to the conservation of
moisture and to the permanence. of a timber supply, and
it has the concurrence 'of sentimentalists who see the
scenic-value of saving the forests and their relation to the
esthetic life of the people. Now if the idea got out that
at the base of it all is a fraud akin to the, land frauds
that are now attracting so much attention and are under
judicial examination for punishment by the courts all
of this support will be alienated and the last state of the
big trees will be worse than the first.
For thesereasons we ask that General Green revise his
conclusions in the light of the facts as we have stated
them, for he is loyal to California and to the purpose of
Mrs. White's efforts. He will see that if if be true that
the old patent to these lands be vitiated by fraud, as the
statute of limitations does not run in civil cases against
the Government, the lands can .be. resumed to Federal
ownership and- no appropriation^ for their purchase- is
necessary. If this idea become current among members
of Congress their aversion, to appropriating money for
such a purpose will have an' excuse which cannot be suc
cessfully answered. We are warranted in assuming that
when •' Mr. Whfteside contemplated such a '. large invest
ment in real property he secured an abstract. of title
which showed that' the. fee simple was actually and law
fully and equitably in the man from whom he bought
This being the case there can be no legal ground for
voiding the title which he purchased and paid for. The
matter is of too much importance to be left whereit is
and, we are sure that General Green will give it his im
mediate attention. , ~ :
In his article he says: "There is. no danger in the wide
world; of the destruction of those trees. There is no
known machinery that will cut them into lumber/ and if
there.were the grove is worth more for a^ resort. than for
the lumber. If the petition asked the Government to
take up the matter of /.fraud in connection with the. title,
and if that should be found good to fix a price at some
reasonable, advance on the purchase price and take the
groves, we would sign it and work for it, butas long as it
has all , the' earmarks of being got", up and pushed by
the so-called owners we beg to be excused.'
Granting that the trees are worth more'standing than
felled and sawed/ they should be held by the public and
not by the private owner of a resort/subject to the muta
tions, of his fortune, as they were in. the. case of Mr.
Sperry: With the element of alleged fraud 'eliminated
the' "earmarks" suggested are non-existent. The tract
which it is proposed to purchase is heavily timbered
with_ other trees of. high commercial value, and we are
told that the land so timbered is worth the money pro
posed to be paid for it even if the Government were
moving in the. matter on purely, commercial. lines.
Just about dusk and shortly before
the hotel was lighted Mrs. Smith, all
anxiety, was waiting the arrival of her
hubby. She heard some one In the hall
say, "Hello, George." Out Into the hall
she rushed: With almost a yell of de
light she threw herself into the arms of
a man. "Oh, George," she gurgled,
clinging to -him" most lovingly.
Just at that moment out rushed Mrs.
Robblns from her rooms across the halL
She "also had heard the salutation.
"Hello, George," and Jumped to the
conclusion that it was her George who
was spoken to. It was her George,
but- — Z ,
It seems that Mrs. George — Smith —
and Mrs. George — Robblns — were each
expecting . her husband to return
from a business trip Thanksgiving eve.
The respective husbands had been away
for^weeks, 1 and 'naturally enough the
two' wives prepared to give them a
warm welcome.
Thanksgiving day did not bring hap
piness to four guests of a swell Sutter
street boarding-house. The other guests
all enjoyed the. day, however, and a
great deal of their' enjoyment was due
to the fou'r. unhappy ones. .
Warm Reception.
"Mbre'money! Didn't I give you $4?"
"Sure, you did." But you said you'd
pay me for waiting. I've been paying
myself out of your ticket money and
there's only %\ left. I'll earn that be
fore I reach the window.".
"Yes; what is it?" '
"This is the boy. you sent for tickets
for ''Ben-Hur.' "
"Well. Get the tickets?"
"No, sir. -Want some more money."
"Hello! That Captain Anderson?"
"Here, boy, tak& this money, go to
the Grand and " buy me two seats for
to-morrow night." Thus the ••regula
tor" addressed a diminutive messenger
In the early part, of the last week of
the play.
"Ain't got no time," responded Mer
cujy.
"Here's carfare. There's a car. Jump
now and you'll be back in ten minutes.",
Captain Anderson knew nothing of
the long line of humanity extending for
several blocks' length from the opera
house box office window. • When the
small boy told him of it and of the
waiting the purchase pf tickets might
Involve, the mariner was incredulous
and credited the youth's yarn to a de
sire for additional remuneration.
"Here's two bits for • yourself . Now,
hustle."
"That ain't goln' to pay me If I hare
to wait. I can do better 'n that sellln*
polpers." -
Then Anderson called what he thought
was the boy's bluff.
"You go ahead and get the tickets and
I'll pay you $1 for every hour you have
to wait."
That satisfied the youth, who trotted
away, and Anderson, interested in his
official duties, forgot ' all about the
transaction until several hours later,
when he was called to the telephone,
where the following conversation took
place. .
Although Cap*-'n John Anderson, of
ficial regulator of affairs on the Pa
cific Mail wharf, did not see the play of
"Ben-Hur" the subject is to him still a
sore. one. : \-.''r
A Budding Magnate.
MISTAKE ABOUT THE cTREES.
There was one thing I found that I
was not looking for — namely, the fever.
I had not been there three months be
fore my first attack. It was not serious,
but, of course, when a man has the first
attack he always imagines he Is going
to d.ie. He laughs about it afterward,
but he does not laugh at the time. The
fever is generally caused by biliousness,
and in this country It would not be
looked upon as serious, but it is gener
ally serious enough in its results.
Homesickness arid an excited imagi
nation have much to do with bringing
it about. At first my fever did not
amount to much, and there were inter
vals of some two weeks between at
tacks. Then they became" more fre
quent and at last the fever lasted all
the time. My temperature was*pos
sibly only a fraction of a 'degree above
normal in the morning with an Increase
of one or $xvo degrees during the day.
Some days it wouid run to three or
four degrees above normal. I gradually
lost my strength, and in the course of
three months was nearly a wreck. The
doctors said I must ¦ go home. ,Dr.
Guiness was right, then, and all those
years of planning and preparing were
to be thrown away. I believed im
plicity in the Congo State doctor, and
he said I would die. It was easier to
die than to return and admit failure.
The English boats came in once a
month. One was almost due.. The day
before it came I decided ¦ not to be
taken aboard, determining to stay at
all costs. I stayed and 'got well and
found out that I had not been taking
enough quinine. There was nothing
wrong with my constitution, as has
been proven since. For, after. learning
how to live in Africa, I never had an
other attack of fever during the whole
of my first trip, although exposed to
the worst hardships.
When I recovered from my acclima
tization I had an offer from a trading
company to go to the Upper Congo. I
was to take with me some heavy loads
of a section steamer that had been de
serted and left behind' by the carriers
and construct the boat on the Upper
Congo, above the rapids, on Stanley
Pool, the other part of the boat having
been carried up to the pool.' This work
would take me 300 miles farther*'! nto
the interior. It-was Just'what I want-'
ed and had been looking for, so I ac
cepted and went. . ;
At this stage the Upper Congo was
little known to the civilized world, and
there were many of , the tributaries of
the Congo with only a portion of their
navigable water explored, while .; the
inland was -totally unknown.' ' After
finishing the steamer I ran her on her
first trip to Stanley Falls, which was a
place of Importance to the Arabs. 'Van
Kirchoven was north of. the Arulmml
at the time with a big expedition, and
the Hodister expedition was being or
ganized. Tiputib was on his way. to
Zanzibar, having jusfleft the falls; and
Rashid, his nephew, had arrived with
a convoy of ne,wly raided slaves and
a great quantity of ivory. '' '. * •
Many of the slaves died here on ac
count of the failure in crops, and of
smallpox. Some twenty a ¦• day' were
dying and were pitched into the river.
AH the horrors pictured by the other
explorers were enacted here! I made
the acquaintance of some of. the great
Arab leaders of the Lamoml and Ny
angwa, among whom were TIputlb's
brother and " eon." ' On ' my 'return to
Brazzaville, . on Stanley . Pool, • we
learned of the massacre of Cranipell, a
French explorer^ who*; was trying, to get
through to, Lake Tehad from the": Mob
ang^ii River. Crampell had several
white men with him, also atroop ; of a
hundred or, 1 so Senegalese 'soldiers.
They, were all killed excepting one of
the white men, who "escaped "¦ "and
brought the news to Brazzaville. -
v An,<expedition was organized to chas
tise the "Arabs between the | Mobarigul
and Lake Tehad, with M.:Duboscy at
its head, and a little later I started up
the Mobangul . with part 6f.it. "I got
as far as ,the first rapids of the:Moban
gui, where the French post, , Bangui, is
now situated. • Then ¦ it/ was o»ly a few
huts. ' Here the 'steamer/ could : go no
farther, the current over the rapids be
ing, too swift for dny. stern-wheeler.
The expedition debarked: and; r went
back to Brazzaville, "\yhen I . returned
to, headquarters v I was '"• sent' up ' the
Sanga,-.* . -/• *. , r ' ¦'. •;;-'; : ". ..* • 'iv .
I had to keep still and wait for de
velopments. One might stay ' on the
coast, as some, men have done, for
years without- seeing any of the won
ders of this great country t and these
are generally the men who give infor-'
mation and advice. They have made
up Jn imagination what they lacked in
experience and have helped the world
to form an erroneous opinion of Africa
as a modern inferno.
I did not know what to think of many
things, and . great was my surprised to
find that my Ideas of the new country
were wholly different from the reality.
At a . distance the foliage looked j the
eame as in the temperate aorie. From
all I had read I had expected to find
great tropical forests, crowded with
palm, cocoanut and banana trees, with
dense undergrowth. ' Now, the palms
are comparatively scarce in Africa and
the cocoanut and the banana must be
planted like the orange.
• And where were the crocodile, snakes
and large animals familiarly associated
in our minds with Africa? I saw noth
ing: that had a tropical look but parrots.
Once I did see a few monkeys which a
native brought in to sell. There were
also a few crows with white spots on
them and a few vultures, very , lame.
The natives were not ferocious. They
wore the orthodox breech clout and in
looks they were as negroes in Ameri
ca. They all spoke a pigeon English,
Portuguese or French. And why should
they not, seeing they, had been used to
the white, man for the last 200 .years?
All along the western coast the prevail
ing speech Is English.
The heat was not, oppressive, being
at the seaboard, the air was balmy and
pleasant. And right here under the
equator, where I had expected it to be
unbearable, I suffered less from the
heat than I have often done in my na
tive land. I was much disappointed to
find things so tame. Look where I
might, there were no big animals, not
even little snakes. There were not even
active insects to be enthusiastic over, i
It to form a number to designate '. the
body. This state of affairs made the
men take more and more "medlcafcom
fort," and. it is a wonder = to • me why
many more of them did not die. .
ment. AVe have our Holy Rollers, Do wieites,- Mormons,
Theosophists and, as Mr. Venus would " say, "specyniins
warious.".. Each and every allegation of the English gentle
man is true, but we cannot agree with him upon, the deduc
tion ;that*these are the symptoms *of a coming attack of
rational paresis.. '
Our constitution and the spirit of our laws guarantee abso
lute religious freedom." A' man may set up. a golden calf in
his back yard and bow down to it thrice daily -without let or!
hindrance from the law. The Puritans came to Massachu
setts to gain religious freedom; the Lutherans left the Palat
inate, the CalvinistsleftjFrance for the same purpose. For
the same reason there come to our^shores to-day subjects of
the Czar and vassals of the Sultan: In these United States
there is in fact so much "toleration that freedom has become
license and waxed into such luxuriant growth.that it has de
veloped'characteristics which are unique. •
v Every country has its class" of individuals erratic in a mora
or less virulent form. In Russia, such people are housed in
prisons to rot.: In France and Italy'they are shadowed by
the police. Such repression develops religious fervor into
nihilism and anarchy.- In our country, where there is no
repression, the erratic, spirit assumes some most bewildering
forms, but our! freak religionists are. in the main harmless.
Our nihilists and our anarchists are all made abroad.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER -,($, 1903.
THE SAN ;FgANMS:G& CAI^L,
JOHN D^SPEECHLS, Proprietor. ..V . ..../. V .Address JJ1 * Commttpicatfoiis to JO^^ HcRAUGHT; Blanagcr
Publication Office ..;...';..V:.;. : . . C^|||^|*> " •••••• .Third and Market Streets, S. P.
SUNDAY....;..;;.:^.;., ...........:..;..^...: .:. >• • •• -."V. •';•. fV.^.....V... :...;. DECEMBER 6, 1903
32
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPIC OF THE
TIMES
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED AND
WOMEN'.The eighth annual entertainment and
ball under the auspices of the Swedish
Ladies' Society .was held: last night in
Turn Verein Hall on Turk street. A
large : crowd* was : In attendance \ and j an
exceptionally good programme -was
rendered. -
Swedish : Ladies' 'Entertainment;
; California- calendars, poppy, polnsettla,
redwood, -burnt wood; yucca, etc., now on
sale. Sanborn. ,Vall & Co. ,\; •
The Board of Education yesterday
held a conference with Commissioner
Herbert Schmitz of the Board of Pub
lic .Works for the purpose of coming
to an agreement as to whether Inspec
tor of School Buildings James B. Mc-
Sheehy or Assistant Inspector Com
mary shall be removed from his posi
tion under a resolution adopted by the
Board of Education at its last meet
ing.
By the termtf of the resolution the
Board of Education requested the
Board of Public Works to dismiss the
inspector of school buildings owin» to
lack of funds and the consequent lay
ing off of a number of mechanics In
the school repair department. '/;
The Board of Works refuses to re
move McSheehy| assigning as a reason
that McSheehy .was appointed from
the civil service . eligible list and Com
xnary was not. It was stated at the
conference that the Board of Educa
tion , desired to retain Commary be
cause he keeps the books of the de
partment. McSheehy is hot a book
keeper and the board declared that a
bookkeeper is absolutely necessary; In
the repair department. ;
The board further held that an In
spector of school repairs was not re
quired because there j was now \ but
three carpenters, two plumbers, two
plumbers' helpers, .'. one tinner, , two
painters and one ; locksmith , employed
on. school buildings .and these did riot
requite to be watched at their work.
The two painters will be laid off to
morrow and there* will be but nine ineri
employed in making repairs that are
absolutely : needed on school buildings.
For; that reason the' board Insisted on
the retention of Commary, who Is a
bookkeeper.
• Commissioner . Schmitz . stated that
he would report the desire of the
Preference in the sale and allott
ment of the bonds will be. given to sub-,
scribers.for the smallest, amounts and
lowest denominations, a. provision fa
vorable to the small purchaser.'
The ordinance throughout carries
out the regulations contained' In the
charter for the issuance of municipal
bonds for public improvements. •. Not
less than one-fortieth part of the whole
amount of indebtednessshali be paid
each year on a i day and place to be
fixed by the Board of Supervisors, to
gether, with interest on ail sums unpaid
at such date. - ;
/ The bonds so issued shall be "exempt
from all taxation for .municipal pur
poses and will bear interest a^ tn e rate
of 3% per cent per annum. '.They must
be signed by the Mayor and the Treas-
The Public Utilities Committee of
the Board of Supervisors yesterday
completed the preparation of a pro
posed ordinance authorizing the Issu
ance of bonds for new schoolhouses.
City and County Hospital, parks, sewer
system and other public improvements
for' which the people voted at the elec
tion held last September.
The ordinance will be introduced at
,the meeting of the board to-rhorrow
afternoon and will be preliminary to
the institution of a friendly suit by
Mayor Schmitz to, have the legality- of
the issue, passed upon by the courts/
This point is Important, as prospective
purchasers of the bonds j insist ; on a
court decision in the premises.
The ordinance provides that bids
shall be advertised for and' the bonds
shall be sold to the highest bidder at
not less than par for cash in United
States gold coin. They shall be sold
under sealed proposals and the Super
visors shall have the right to reject any^
and all bids made for the purchase of
the bonds. : Such bonds when Issued
may be sold by the Supervisors from
time to time as requlredand in such
quantities as they may determine nec
essary! ttvNC-v*
.When Captain J. W. Saunders of the
steamer Newport returns from his
ocean trip he will have to give a rea
sonable explanation for his failure to
appear, in Justice of the Peace'Law
son's court yesterday or else pay a fine
of. $50i Saunders sailed on his vessel
yesterday and is now 500 miles out at
sea. ' . '
- This is <¦ the second time that Saun
ders has failed to comply with a court
order, which accounts for his being
fined. On December 10 last he was
summoned* to appear on an order; of
examination^ by. Judge Lawson regard
ing a default judgment of $260 '44 ob
tained against him by Charles Arkell.
Saunders did not put in an appearance
on that date and as he -did not ap
pear again yesterday,. on an order to
show cause he was ¦ adjudged guilty of
contempt for disobeying the two or
ders 'of the court.
Master of Steamer Newport, S5O
for Ignoring' Orders.
Judge Lawson Fines J.- W. | Saunders,
ADJUDGES SEA CAPTAIN", )'r&.
GUILTY Of'cSONTEMPT
Two Municipal Boards
Dispute Regarding
Inspector.
Utilities Committee to
Submit Ordinance to
Supervisors.
NEW YORK, Dec. 5.— The follow
ing Calif ornfans are registered here:
From San Francisco — Miss Boyle, T.
F. Boyle, at the Marlborough; D.
Marx, at the Hotel Imperial; C. T.
Crocker, at the Manhattan; F. Fer
riero and wife, at the St. Denis; Miss
I. M. Tay. at the Manhattan.
From Los Angeles-— S. Bannerjle, J.
M. Holmes, T. KJas, A. T. Steele, at
the Cosmopolitan.
Californians in New York.
DISAGREE OVER
MAN'S REMOVAL
urer and countersigned by the Audi
tor. .. ,
The proceeds of the sales shall be
placed in the treasury to the credit of
the proper fund and shall be applied
exclusively to the purposes and objects
mentioned in the ordinance authoriz
ing their issue until 'such objects are
fully accomplished, after which, if any
surplus remains, such surplus shall be
transferred to the general fund.
The sword revenge has a sting m the
handle.
Hitchcock Military School of San Ra
fael, was the guest of honor at a din
ner given by a number of his students
at the Occidental Hotel last evening.
Covers were spread for eighteen and
the occasion was made one of general
mirth. - '
Board of Education to the Board of
Public Works. It is quite likely that
the last named board will proceed to
dismiss McSheehy, but he will at once
bring mandamus proceedings to re
strain it from doing so.
Dinner to Rev. Mr. Hitchcock. -
R^r. Dr. Hitchcock, president of the
The managers of the Little Mothers'
School, 942 Harrison street, are mak
ing elaborate preparations ' for their
annual Christmas celebration and they
make an anxious appeal to the public
for aid- Their plan is" to give several
hundred small tots a Yuletide treat
and all donations of candy, toys or
clothing will be thankfully received.
The prime % movers of the Little
Mothers' institution are ambitious lit
tle girls, who take care of their homes
and their smaller brothers and eisters
in the absence of the" mothers
who are obliged to toll to keep
the families supplied with the nec
essaries of life. The children
themselves conceived the idea of cele
brating Christmas and they are. being
Christmas Gifts Will Be Distributed
Among Manj Children at Har
rison-Street School. .
UTTLE MOTHERS MAKE
AN APPEAL FOR AID
helped in every way possible by the
managers and founders of the institu
tion.
An elaborate programme has been
arranged for the celebration. The en
tertainment will consist of games,
dances and a musical programme.' The
Christmas tree will be the real feature
of the occasion and a prize of some
kind will be hung there for each child.
A cordial invitation is extended to the
public to visit the school on Christmas
day and witness the happy celebration.
PREPARES BILL
FOR BOND ISSUE
Detective George McMahon. Corporal
Dan Sylvester, his squad and Special
Policemen George Downey and Gus
Finn were on the scenes of both af
fairs soon after they happened. The
officers learned the cause of the trouble
and until a late hour searched for Mah
Noon, but" were unable to locate him.
Noon is' the man who, on March - 30,
1S98, shot and killed LIm. Sier and seri
ously injured . Policeman . Pat , Tracy.
The indictment for. the latter crime is
still hanging over his head. While serv
ing a term for murder in San Quentin^
Henry T. Gage, who was then Governor,
acquired a taste for the Mongolian's
dainty cooking and, paroling him, took
him to his ranch at Downey.
On January 6 of the present year, the
then Governor granted Mah Noon an
absolute pardon, though his crime was
one of the most cold-blooded ever com
mitted in Chinatown and hjs record ona
' of the worst.
For the last two weeks Mah Noon
has been engaged in blackmailing
houses throughout the district and was
a leading spirit in the trouble between
the Wong family and the Sen Suey
Yings, which was recently settled.
SEARCH FOR MAH NOON".
When the Hod Sings learned that
Mah Noon was bent on murder several
animated discussi'ons regarding his pur
pose occurred on the streets. Then hos
tilities broke out anew, and a few min
utes afterward How Kam Yue, a Sen
Suey Ying man, lay on a sidewalk at
the corner of "Waverly place and Wash
ington street with a bullet through his
neck. Boo Wan Hoey, the Hop Sing
man who shot him, ran down to the
corner of Kearny and Sacramento
streets, where he was captured by Spe
cial Policeman Barney Maloney. The
wounded man Identified him at the Re
ceiving Hospital. How Kam Yue will
recover.
Then the Sen Suey Yings, bent on re
venge, started out in search of a Hop
Sing man and half an hour after the
first shooting Chan Luey was hit by a
bullet as he was passing in front of 17
Spofford alley. As In the first case,
his injuries were not serious and at
the hospital he accused Won Ah Chew,
a Sen Suey Ying highbinder, of having
fired the shot. The latter made his es
cape.
HOSTILITIES OPEN.
Mah Xoon, the notorious highbinder
v.'ho was paroled from San Quentin and
later griven a pardon by Governor Gage,
was the occasion of two shooting affairs
In Chinatown last night. He has been
in the city but a few days, and since
his arrival has returned to his habits of
strife, blackmail and blood, with the re
sult that war between two powerful
tongs, has been resumed, and the police
predict much loss of life before its
close.
Mah Noon is a Sen Suey Ying high
binder, and early last night lay in wait
for Mah On, the interpreter for the Hop
Sing tong. Mah On had been shot by
the Sen Suey Ylng men about seven
months ago near the See Yup head
quarters, but when he recovered the
hatchet was burled, and- it remained
for Mah Noon to revive . old' feeling as
soon as the gates of the prison had
been opened to him. Mah Noon had a
big revolver and intended to finish the
work of murder whioh his tong had
left undone.
Mah Noon Returns to City
and Bloodshed Is the
¦ Result. •
Shooting of Tong Man
j Quickly Followed by
\H Another..
BULLETS MAIM
TWO CHINESE
" ¦- "iTSW^HSHS5WSiaea ¦ -4 ¦¦"¦¦¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO. GALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER v6,;i 1903. V
33
Immense stock of
French, German and American Toys at
Very Low Prices
OPEN EVENINGS FROM DECEMBER 12 UNTIL XMAS
• SPECIAL SALE OF BAGS
HAND BAGS WORTH $3.50 at $2.50
In this line there is a new flat shape Morocco
Bag in Black, Red, Blue and Green, with
leather handle and fitted with purse, card
case and bottle, worth $3.50; also a square
bag with chain handle and separate purse to
match in all colors of Walrus and Morocco.
AUTOMOBILE BAGS WORTH $5.00 AT $3.50
This line is the regular one at $5.00 in Black,
Tan and pray Walrus and Red, Blue and
Green Morocco, has a chain handle and sep-
arate purse to match.
GLOVE AND MERCHANDISE
ORDERS ISSUED
SPECIAL SALE OF RIBBONS
Fancy Ribbon — Nos. 7 and 9, in light -i n _ __ j
colors. Reduced from 20c to .. lvC JTU
Dresden and Fancy Stripe^No. 16. 1C/> « 7/ |
Reduced from 20c to * Jl ju
Satin Taffeta, Extra Quality— No. 40. 9c* --J
Regular value 35c. CDs* ju
Fancy Ribbon, 4}£ inches wide— Light
colors. Suitable for Christmas 5C/> xtA
work Q3C yq
Dresden, Extra Quality, 9 inches
wide— Reduced from $1.75 Ci OC V J'
Brocaded Sash Ribbon— 9 y 2 inches, wide
in Pink, Blue, White, Cream, Lilac and
Nile. Reduced from $2.00 tf-j pC V #J
MEN'S FURNISHING DEPARTMENT
Barathea Silk Reefer Mufflers. d«| n/\
Umbrellas— Extra quality Pure Serge Silk,
Steel Rods, Beautifully De- tf q nn n
signed Sterling Silver Handles vp3»UU vu
Lounging Robes, New Styles ..$5.00 up
Blanket Robes— Bath Robes. ...... ...$4.50 up
Smoking Jackets, Newest Ef fects .... $6.00 up
ADVEHTISB3IENTS.
All, Now's Your . Chance Sec
Who Gets Beautiful Madge '
- '"¦¦/;-Stair. ¦.¦;/¦¦;
THE '* MABTES OF. APPLEBY
T VI CONCI.TJDED.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
SEE THE PICTURES.
ADVXBTISEMENT3.
/ Cor. Posts Kearny 3ts.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEilENTS.
. •.-:..• , v • ' — *^v '¦"'."'•
, Qu--^". Metal Bed — Colonial design, heavy up-
Brass Bed— 2-inch uprights in rails, 7-8 inch Pedestal Extension Table — Quartered oak, golden right, in top rails, gracefully curved filling,
filling, simple in design, but ex- t Cf\ finish, hand-rubbed polished, 6-foot C1Q AC comes in a variety of colors. CIA "5 1 *
ceedingly artistic. Price . . . . . >pft I «jU draw. Price tjUTMJJ p r i ce . • $l\J 9 L,D
:jL*- -g " ' — =-^Jj Mantel Folding Bed — Quartered «¦"*""" c g^ Box-Seat Diner —
gss -^sspss. sssrac- m^m f^k%^S M™0M$ h&% p m go »-
structed. ' CO 7ff b^vel French elate mirror, cast- the cabinet-maker S C3Q'7C counter swell bevel Frencli plato Price .....$1 HC.
Price.... . VO./O brass trimming:.... art. Price $OO.fJ r L..f .f... 1 *.. §24.75 Jl./D
Our Carpet depar:ment will be appre- *li "\t^^ ]:^S5^i Our December Sale of La ce Curtains. Cur-
rintpH hv lnv^rQ of hitrh art anH orricHV vil '. \fl ' Si >\"B tains at 25 per cent discount. Many important
Ciated Dy .lovers or ni^n art. and artistic J g| purchases made especially for this sale, fine
taste. The mammoth StOCk Of Carpeting a^^^^^^H'ISy laCe curtains ' portieres, couch 'covers, table cov-
which is open to : your inspection was !^^^^^^^flvKl e - 5 ' We havc marked a11 of them at reductions
carefully "selected by our carpet buyer MlP^W t&^Lti £££ S^X'S t
with the view of pleasing the most fasti- • ' goods of such u . alit >'- You win find Brussels,
dioilS. YOU Will not only find the gOOdS .®&%&^ IS^Wj/ Y XS \- Vc * n }\ Renaissan^ Tambour, Ruffled Net,
;•...,;•. ¦'- ." , .¦ . r r ~ '. -"' — w-t ¦ ¦-¦• JuJi#^ Arabian, Clunv, Bonne Femme. We auote a few
right, but whaMs of -far more importance, -; ¦• : - j_^ G3^ terns Wrelv as aeuide to our orices
. . , . _. ,f Mlssioa Socker — Quartered Oak. «-cjuj> -jiiciciy «ia d. guiae IO our prices.
The prices arc right. Our line em- gg^r<gSSSs£ $18.50 RufHed Swiss Curtains- 3 vards tf1 nA \
braces: Wilton, Axminster, Wilton Velvet, laSeSt" 1 !? the c"a1l on Furnlture th^ iong> 42 inches wide, six patterns \pl.UU pr
Body Brussels, Tapestry t^ m ffl flAn ff1 AA mti I Imported Novelty Ecru Lace
Brussels Extra Suner In I he Regal Range, $1.00 DOWD, $1.00 a Week Curtains-3 yards long, 50 inches
Drubseib. cxird ouper in- - t 0,0^ wide, trimmed with braid and in-
grain, Half-Wool Super In- gPBQS^^^1^^^>»^H^mra sertion, eight de-
grain, Heavy Cotton Ingrain, f §m&m^M?mvm signs. Choice....
« A •¦/ , *m ,.' I fSffl A ¦ I / fl I ° ¥ Couch Covers— 50 inches wide,
Cotton Warp Japanese Mat- I p3 | J (• I JL 3 yards long, Bagdad stripe!
ting, Linen Warp Japanese ¦ n^T? 8^^^ j'i^OJ 1 *^**ffl >^ii±a*iM s P eciaI C^ e>
Matting, Straw Warp China pteli S • j tl?g i B H iTzM' HJ^K^iJ pn^ e ' " ' * V V • *T •
.. ... _ .. ... .: ¦ Ibb^^' ¦Wg^S'few*'f\ l -!v MHBfftggTWiifn iiffPl) jaiMitfjffltmMM Re P an " Armure Portieres —
Matting, Grass MattingXmO- g^^^;^^^jg^g^ggg|5gjCJ| a|M|; rVfl?^^Mifflfi Velour and Tapes- n^v
leum and Oil Cloth. iBBffiS&Bi^^ try Portieres $D.jU pr
I -THE PERFECT PIANO PLAYER^ Jr.
So simple in operation (hat a child can play it. CovpJed with a U
good piano it will give more, genuine pleasure than any invention ol A
the age. You can execute (he simplest or the most difficult piece as II
well as though yov had spent years o! patient toil in practice and U j
study. We verify every statement by actval demonstration. Call | ;
at the store and allow us to convince you. It will make yovr piano j]
(he most valued article in yovr home. It \
1 We are agents for the BffiR BfiOS. 5 BAUMEISTES PIANOS. ' f
I Two Wonderful Specials!
I MIXED TWEED SUITS f
0 With Norfolk Jackets, leather belts, worth " £(\ %
8 $2Z50, reduced to , *!^>U |
I TAN MILITARY GOATS f
S Gilt buttons, fancy red and gold velvet CIO*£!JfV S
g collar, worth $20.00, reduced to. y. . . . Apl*»»vJVJ g
e ¦',..- " . "' o
I [SEE OUR WIMDOWS I |
O - ; ' • •
? -M^^^ -Wholesale Manufacturers 2
g gr .1142-1146 MARKET ST. %
ooocoooooeee6e«eoeoeooG09de90ooe9eeeedoeo9eoSReduced rates on household goods to & from
the East & South. Bckln'g. IX Moatcomery st. •
The regular quarterly meeting of the
members of the ;¦; Mechanics' Library,
the first in nine . months, .owing to the
inability to get a' quorum, was- held
last night in the library.' building on
Post street. The secretary reported the
total receipts ' for six months as ; J31,
968 73; expenditures, $27,022 72; cash on
hand, . $3248 15; reserve fund, $5243 51.
The librarian reported ; that the total
number' of books added in" sjx months
was ' 3436. The number of ¦ books deliv
ered to members for' reading \was lO5,r
248. The present membership.; is ; ' 3179.
An amendment to ' the constitution ! to
raise the life membership} fee from} $50
to $100 was defeated. An amendment
causing the secretary to\ notify each
member by : postal - pard : before 1 reach
quarterly, meeting was carried. <: Thirty
five candidates • f or *;, trustees'^ were * nbm r
inated for the" coming annual election.
Mechanics' library Meeting 1 .
Trapper's Oil cure* rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 60c flask. Richard & Co.. 4CXS Clay.«
GulUetfs Christmas extra mince pies. Ice
cream and cake. 005 Larkln St.: tel. East 198.'
Makes First Appearance.
A representative audience yesterday
afternoon enjoyed the first appearance
here of Miss Ingeborg Resch-Pettersen
at Lyric Hall. Miss Resch-Pettersen
was pleasantly received and was at her
best in some charming, Swedish folk
songs. The singer was assisted by Miss
Raums, violinist, and Fred Maurer, ac
companist. The programme follows:
Aria. "Ave Maria" (Das Feuerkreuz). Max
Brach: violin solo, (a) adagio from Concerto
Od 2G. Bruch; (b) Hungarian dance. Brahma
Joachim; songs, (a) —The -Willow"" Gorln«
Thomas: (b) "Le Vlolette," Alessanaro Scar
latti- (c) "Frtihllngszelt." Helnrlch Scbnell;
violin eolo. (a> "Albumblatt." Wagner-WU
lemny (b) "I^effende." Wlemawaki; "Irmelln
Rose "' V. Peterson Berger; "Malnat." Ch.
Slndlnjr: "Ved • Sundet," A. < Backer Grondahl:
"RaRnhlld." Ed Greljr: folk songs, "Strllevlse,"
"Agaths Fjeldsang." Norwegian; "FJorton AT/*
"Polska Iran ; Dalarne.'.' . Swedish. ,
Care of Criminal Insane.
The State Commission in Lunacy
has petitioned the Supervisors to pay
their judgment demands for $470 ob
tained against the city in the Justice's
court for the care ; of "criminal Insane
committed from this city by the Su
perior Court.
B.F.Stoll, dentist; i Halght & Masonic av.«
An investigation was made quietly
by the firm's employes, but no clew
could be found to the perpetrators of
the brutal act, and it was decided to
ask the assistance of the police. Several
of the men employed by the firm went
out oh strike about a week ago. Wheth
er or not the strike had anything to do
with the act of vandalism is a matter
of conjecture, but there is a strong sus
picion that the persons implicated are
known to the strikers.
A copy of the letter to the Chief of
fering the reward was read to the dif
ferent watches at the police stations
throughout the city yesterday, and
every effort will be made to discover
the identity of the vandals.
In the stockyards on "Wednesday
were fourteen lambs. They were all
right when Charles Riddy, the man
ager, locked up the place for the niffht,
but when he went there on Thursday
morning he found their dead carcasses
scattered over the place. An examina
tion by the Board of Health inspectors
showed that the skulls of the ani
mals had been crushed in, their necks
brokeuvand twisted and they had been
mutilated in other ways.
Chief of Police Wittman was notified
yesterday by Miller & Lux of a gross
act of vandalism that was perpetrated
in their stockyards, on Sixth avenue
and M street, South San Francisco, last
Wednesday night or Thursday morn
ing. The firm offers a reward of $500
for Information that will lead to the
arrest and conviction of the miscreant
or miscreants.
Does Not Know the Finder.
A'bunko man with the appear
ance of a tramp is making a prac
tice of visiting those who advertise for
lost articles and stating that he will
give the name and address of the finder
for a small sum. Those who have pur
chased experience from him thus far
assert that he deals only in fictitious
names and fictitious addresses. . <3"
Fourteen Lambs Killed
and Their Carcasses
Mutilated.
Darragh was formerly employed as a
pattern-maker in the .Itisdon, Iron
Works, but has not worked there for
some months. He said that he desires
to marry Miss Hayes in order that she
might study for the stage and admit
ted that the young gft-l had a desire to
shine behind the footlights.
The old man said that he intended to
send the -girl East to study with his
daughter, but admitted that he had not
notified any of his relatives of his in
tention to marry. >
Darragh was seen last night and ad
mitted that he had children and grand
children. His first wife died some
years ago and his second wife secured
a divorce from him in the State of
Washington, but Darragh could not re
member the date or the city where the
divorce was * secured.
Darragh's friends say that he is more
than 70 years old. His daughter, Jane
Darragh, and his granddaughter, Geor
gia Kane, are well-known actresses in
the East. Another daughter, Mrs. G.
Pearce, is the wife of an electrician at
Mare Island. ' .- : . = ' '*•-*;•¦ -. ». - -"-f
The young girl was accompanied by
her mother, and the latter said she was
willing for her daughter to wed the old
man. The trio left the County Clerk's
office and Darragh said he would get
the divorce papers from his* lawyer in
Oakland and apply to-morrow for a
marriage license.
John Darragh, 64 years of age," resid
ing at 4 Latham place, applied for a
license yesterday at the bounty Clerk's
office to wed Mary Hayes of Oakland,
17 years- old, but was refused the per
mit.
Deputy County Clerk Danforth ques
tioned .Darragh, who admitted that he
was a divorced man, but could not re
member the date of his divorce. .
John Darragh, 64 Years Old, Is Re
fused License to Wed 17-Year-
Old Mary Hayes.
AGED MAH DESIRES
TO WED YOUNG GULL
VANDALS COMMIT
DASTARDLY ACT
1 Louis Brunner , ; of; 558 Stockton
street called at the Mbrgjufer.yest^rday
and reported -that William whfciip^V a
waiter at the Casino, .had not; been
seen nor heard from'Bince November
Waiter. Wilkins Disappears.
¦9."' Wilkins roomed at 337 Stevenson
street No cause was assigned for his
f dl3ftr!Rear'Ancei'- . '' '•'¦;¦
'-Every, man i who lets himself loose
bfhdar himself fast to the deviL
Oocap'or.al oppbsition is an excel
lent thing for the club. It stimulates
attendances induces delinquent mem
bers to tettle their accounts in order
to. vote ami in a general way add:)
something to the life of the institution.
Ihe Dnion League Club is in.a._ pros
perous condition. The membership is
a^ettlrs close up to the seven hundred
mark. The sum of cash in bank is
considerable. There is a growing sen
tiijjent in favor of acquiring new quar
ters and giving the membership of the
club comforts and facilities which
cannot'be given in the rooms now oc
cupied by the league. Since the fail
ure of the plan to buy a lot and build
a house on Stockton street, facing
Union Square, J there has i been much
talk of a project to join . the Press
Club in a lease of the premises now
occupied by the Pacific-Union, but as
the last named institution will not be
able to get into the new building be
fore November next the proposition' to
co-operate with the Press Club has r.ot
taken definite form.
The presidency of the Union League,
Club during the year of a Presidential j
I campaign is regarded as a position !
I that carries considerable prestige in a:
I political sense. Next Tuesday there _
i will he a general meeting of club mem- {
I bers for the purpose of selecting a
committee to nominate officers for the .
ensuing , year. Colonel George H. ; •
i Pippy's second , term as 'president.. of/
the league is drawing, to a finish and
there is a deal of gossip among: the >
members concerning hissuccessor.* •¦. j
Next in the regular. order of promo- |
tion is First Vice- President Colonel !
! Samuel" J. Hendy. '.The incident^ how-.]
J ever, is recalled that the "regular or- |
; der" was set asid« one year, ago when J
L Duncan E. McKinlay, a- brilliant- and •
! persuasive orator of the Republican?*
! party, was defeated for the presidency |
[ by the advocates of a second term for,;
j Colonel Pippy. The latter had dis- j
1 played so much enterprise in the work |
i of enrolling new members and increas- ¦
'ing the club's store of money "in the
bank that many V members readily
acquiesced in the plan to set aside tra
ditions and re-elect him to leadership.
„. Duncan McKinlay accepted the. re
; Suit with as much complacency as
.could be expected. Whether Colonel
I Hendy's friends will now stand aside
I and give the campaign orator the right
•¦ ot way to the presidency of the club
may be determined at the general .
' meeting next Tuesday. j
; The ticket which is put forward by i
! the nominating committee is styled the :
, regular ticket and it generally wins
] out. It happens, ohce in a great while,
that a candidate for president pack*
I the general meeting with his special
supporters^Jhid thus obtains a-nomina
i tion contrary to the wishes of the gen
eral body of the league. .. When this :
happens the dissenting members put j
an opposition ticket in the field and a
fight in the open to a finish is the re
sult.
Members Are D jscu3sing the
Merits of Leading-
Candidate3.
Gossip Touching 1 Choice
1 of- President for
Next Term.
UNION LEAGUE
CLUB ELECTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO; CALL, ; Sl^DAY. /DECEMBER 0,^1903.
34
ADVEBTISEMEITTS.
visit DR. JORDAN'S grcat
t MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
1051 KASIIX BT. fci. 6A»7th, S.T.CU.',
w T1 15 L^fWi *»tooii«J Museum in th«
iWotld. a Weakaettcs or \ an* contracted ,
Specialist on the Coitt. j Est 36 jetn. (
DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN ,
Con»ult»tioa free and strictly prirate..
PMittm An la rrerjr else naderukea. | '
- Write for Book. PfULONUPBYaf
! valuable book tot mr n) ;r j •' ~ .•¦¦i , ¦•>'' .y,
DB. JOUDAS A CO.; 10S1 Market St. 8.V. '
EXPEBT OFTICIAl-:.
Hiffhest Optical Skill
George Mayerle's G'-ssses
AIT EXCSLXJBXT
XMAS GIFT
ADMTBAL DETET
"Who used George Mayerle's glasses *urSr< (Im
Spanish-American war. and is sttll u..*.-.;. : -'rr.
with much satisfaction, highly recomr.f.-, '* "'.
George Mayerle, and «ends the follow \--; tsaxi-
monial:
Mr. Georg» Mayerla, German Exr«t Or-
tician 1071 Market at.. S. F.—My Desr 3Ur; I
am still using with much iatisfa.:t!ca U •*
glasses you sent ma at Manila: also, tta v. • v
ones suit my eyes perfectly. Youra very truy.
GIXJRGE DiTCTEr.
co&oxnsxi ososas pbsticis.
Commander Pacific Coast Divlsicr.'.
tion Army Headanartw*. Saa TreacUco*
sayi:
"Tia fflaise* you mad* for m« «x&
cellont. and X ahaU take great pleasure to
recommend your »ervloe« a» a practical
optician. anoBOE rsEarcic."
SXSTSS VAST BAPTIST.
Slrter of Mercy, Mt. St. Mary'f, Qra«»
"I am perfectly dellfsted wtt3i tU*
cla«e. r**ggfZS& baptist...
-Sister or Mercy."
GrOEOS SXATSBXS.
German Expert Optician. Charter Member
American Association of Opticians.
1071 MARKET STBEEt, San Pranciaco.
Opposite Hibernia Bank. Telephone South 372.
OEOBOE MATEBIiE'S
German
'^^P Eyewater vUO
-,. ,."V:' <-'¦ By Man 62a.
JSTX1S MCAimrEP r^P^^
AI>V25B.TISE2ONT3^
¦ ¦¦>¦»¦*»"" ¦¦!¦»¦' ii'T-rt'
Oriental Goods
it Wholesale Prices
«r* Off ax Onx Sntlre Extra Plat Col>
we w»« xtotloa oX
Oriental Rugs
AP CDRTAINS j
At 25 Per Cent i
! s:>coont i torn. refftUar retail prl^sa.
We are sole agent.* tat
JOHN CROSSLEY & SON'S
CELEBRATED ENGLISH CARPETS
Ghas. M. Plum & Co.
: Cor. 9th and Market Sts. ;
Special Values in LADIES' and GENTS'
jLINEN and SILK
Handkerchiefs
FOR THE HOLIDAY TRADE
Ladies' Linen Cambric and Sheer Linen Initialed
Handkerchiefs ; quarter-Inch hem-
si. 00. S1.50 S2 25 and <a<* nn +*/>*
Gents' Linen Cambric Initialed Handkerchiefs;
half-inch hem— si.50, S2 40 and $3.00 box
(Half Dozen in Box.)
Ladies' Linen Cambric and Linen Lawn Hem-
stitched Handkerchiefs, y x and Inch hem—
$1.00, $1 50, $2.25, $3.00 up to $9.00 dozsn
Gents' Linen Cambric Hemstitched Handkercblefs-
In #, Yz anil inch hem— \ r
S1.75, $2.40, $3.00 up to $9.00 dozen
Ladies' Hemstitched and Embroidered Sheer Linen
Handkerchiefs—
15c, 25c, 50c, 75c. $1.00 up to $5.00 each
Ladles' Lace Trimmed Linen Lawn Handkerchiefs—
25c, 50c, 75c up to $1.50 each
Ladles 1 Real Duchesse Lace Handkerchiefs—
$1.25, $1.75, $2.50 up to $25.00 each
Ladles' Hemstitched and Embroidered Linen Lawn
Handkerchiefs; put up In fancu boxes, h3lf dozen
In each— $1.50 and $3.00 box
Gents' Japanese Silk Handkerchiefs, with handsome
embroidered initials— 40c, 50c, 75c and $1.00 each
Children's Plain and Initialed Handkerchiefs; In
fanGU boxes— 25c, 30c and 50c each
Full line of Gents' Silk Mufflers and Reefers,
Fancu Neckwear, Umbrellas and Kid Gloves.
"\T/^\"P 17 T Orders by man receive prompt attcitTa.-t
IN v_y 1 E* i All orders for samples or goods filled
.— 1-^il. ¦¦!-¦ 1 -¦l»jiiiq» and shipped same day they are rcc > .
ill; 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STRJEfif.
! ADVEKTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISE-IENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTTS.
Special Attractions i I
ror the Holidays I
-.', The' choicest' productions will always be found here.' |
-Every department of our store offers the most complete and i
.attractive novelties suitable for gifts. .Notwithstanding i
the superiority of our goods our prices are always reason- U
' , ' able.' 1 ;--. : - '¦ : . ¦'.-'.''. ' : " - "' ' ' ¦¦¦ ' '¦ I
I Children's Fur Sets I I
. . . ¦.",;'* Made of best quality of skins, such as baby lamb, i
squirrel, i mink, Thibet, marten, ermine and mole skin. g
.Price, per set, for muff and collar $0,00 I
i ••?.;• '•••••• «' ••••¦••• ¦•* ' up I
I Remarkable yalues in Boys' J
/ :-0- ' \: Bldonier Suits : > I
: ''" v; : - BOYS' ; BLOOMER. SUITS, Russian .effect, made- of i
;'.'- ifciported storm serge, lined-throughout;^ trimmed . with ||
'large sailor. collar. and embroidered emblems; colors navy, m
; - brown and red; sizes.2 to^,6. years; ,. any , size . , SQ.50 I
r for •:.-.,.:.;;¦. r:.vV-. ::.;.•.. ..;: .......,.,...:........... 0> I
Special Sale of 1
v Kiutted Underwear I
/ We just made an exceptionally . large p.urcnase from a M
1 "manufacturer who was forced to sacrifice his stock at a tre- f|
\mendous, loss. To-morrow we are going to offer these
go'ods - - . ¦ . Vj V- ./• ' ¦ ; ;';'.'.. .'
AT ONE-HALF THEIR VALUE
; :, Take advantage of this sale, as it is one of unusual im-
: portance. •; •. • i ' ¦
LADIES' VESTS>nd PANTS; silver gray; crochet
finish; . silk tape at neck; full finish;' quality guaranteed;
all sizes; regular value $1.50— SALE PRICE, per 7Rd
suit .........-:....:....:................ I wo
. SWISS ¦RIBBED* EGYPTIAN YARN VEfSTS and
PANTS; . crocheted necks; full finished; regular value 7fln
$1.25— SALE PRICE, per suit . . :..... I UU
. LADIES' VESTS^and'TIGHTSt pure Australian wool,
... with;floss silk finish, pink atid sky color only. Regular $4.50
value. , We have a- limited number that we will . .SOiOO
I close;, our to-morrow" at, per ; suit.. •..-. .'. : .". . . .,. L\
. We desire .o call special attention, to our !ine of RAIN p
PROOF SILK and CRAVENETTE RAIN COATS, 1
which we guarantee to be the best English-make and finish. fl
$19.50, $2L50,1 $23iO, $25.00 and upwards I
r:^ r r} : , V 918^2 Market TStreet. 1
• Our -Fall and Winter Catalogue contains a^complete line of stylish y
" wear fbr'womerf*andrchildren.v -It" will be senf free upon request. B
Christmas Suggestions. J
We have a store lull of 1
f suggestions for Christmas I
Gifts, and we are telling to- i
day as much of the news as |
possible, j .The better way |
would be for you to come p
and "see for yourself and note |
\ the high qualities we offer |
/fe and the low prices that pre« |
n vail. Every department has 1
// something to offer — art 1
goods, gloves, neckwear — in . i
o fact everything especially I
c2 adapted for the' making of |
Christmas gifts. i
We will issue as . usual |
\ merchandise orders which 1
will be redeemable at any |
time as cash in any depart- |
ment of the store. |
Fine Tailor-Madc Suits at I
Manufacturers' Prices I
3 $25.00 Suit for $15.00. 1
Black Cheviot Suit, blouse style, tuckea front and back. Jacket El
trimmed with silk ornaments and bands of same ma- <£1 tZ fifl M
tcrial. Skirt full 7-gore flare. Special price &ItJ»UU M
$35.00 Svit $22.00. |
Tailor-made Suit, with fancy cape over shoulders. Jacket ||
trimmed with fancy silk braid and bands of Peau de Soie. Long jy
coat effect. Skirt full 7-gore flare. Colors are black QOO f)fi ¥4
' and navy blue. See illustration. Special price v>^^.l/C/ B
$45.00 Novelty Svits for $30.00. j
Novelty Tailor-made Suits, blouse style. Long coat effect, g
trimmed elaborately with fancy silk braid and ornaments. Colors E|
black, navy blue, brown, and the materials are broad- C?/} fif) \\
cloth, cheviot and zibelines. Special price $iJU»UU H
$25.00 Coat for $20.00. |
Fine quality of .Kersey cloth. Capes over shoulders and trimmed p
with bands of same material. Full pouch sleeves, trimmed with ||
; fancy metal buttons. Length 30 inches. In black and OOfi f\fi M
j tan. Special price J)ZU»UU M
$7.50 Silk Waists for $4.95. I
Sample line of Peau de Soie Silk Waists. Fancy lace trimmed. II
Tucked front and back, with full pouch sleeves. AU q*j QP y
the latest shades. Special price , $*i*yO §1
$10.00 Silk Waists for $6.00. 1
Choice sample line of Peau de Soie Waists. Applique designs H
on yoke. Pleated front and back. Fancy sleeves. Latest c*f: r%f\ H
style and new shadeb, for *pO,UU H
$1.75 Wool Shawl $1.25.
Fancy Stitch Wool Shawl, with deep fringe all round as border. II
i Colors blue, pink, lemon, black, red and gray. In size 50X 0*1 ? t% ra
50 inches. Makes a useful Christmas present, for '&!•*!& IS
85c SilKs for 55c. 1
A choice line of 24-inch Silk Novelty Crepes, suitable for even- B
ing waists, fancy work, etc. In light blue, turquoise, Nile, maise, tan, 9
French gray, cardinal and cream. Worth regularly 85c the rc~. [i
I 3-ard, for this week special price will be, -per yard OOC ||
I Surah SilKs for Mufflers. 1
Special values at 75c, $1.00 and $1.50 per yard. Stamping free |1
of charge. " N
DRESS GOODS DEPARTMENT I
$1.00 Velvet Waistings for 75c. ; I
Here is a chance to secure a>stylish waist pattern and a suita- L§
ble holiday present at a very special price. Put up in neat box'es, and H
hundreds to choose from. On Monday we will sell our entire line 0
of fine wide Wale Corduroys, Metallic Velvets, Gun-metal Velvettas II
and Novelty Velveteens, in full assortment of colorings; all new de- M
signs. The corduroys are especially stylish just now, and are mostly U
in the broad cord effect so much in demand at the present time. D
: The price everywhere in town for these goods is $i.oo per yard, but H
i Monday morning, while quantity on hand lasts, your choice 'Tp P
of the entire lot at, yard ' uC g
50c Cushion Tops 35c. 1
Tinted Cushion Covers in beautiful new designs of holly ||
wreaths, also one line of conventional designs, very easily worked, f|
being tinted. Makes a pretty Christmas gift. Top .and back jr f|
included; each • O&C £]
E85 Pvrc Silk Hemstitched Mvffler $1 .35 I
Silk Mufflers. A very acceptable present for a gentleman. They H
j are fully I z / 2 yards lone, with 2-inch hem, hand work, and made p
of a good quality black Surah silk. The width is 24 inches, and g
we stamp them free of charge in any design you wish jp &
should you care to work them. Special price *pl**jO £2
25c Persian Open- Work Ribbon 15c yd. |
Just the' thing for fancy work of every description; also suitable If
for dress trimming. Entirely new novelties, secured especially for \i
the holiday trade. The Persian design runs through the center of* §1
the ribbon, with a neat lacy openwork on each edge. Comes i tZ m
| in all the leading shades. Special price, per yard i IOC gj
Columbia Kid Gloves $1.00. 1
Our celebrated Columbia Kid Gloves. Every lady that ever wore H
a pair became a resrular customer for these gloves, as we replace \ §3
them with a new pair if they break or tear. We are giving away a |1
very handsome glove-box with them from now until Christmas. B
Gloves are always useful, and if you don't know the size, secure a \\
glove order good at any time. We guarantee and fit ' qi (\f\ If
every pair. Price *pl>UU |J
$1.25 Ladies' Handkerchiefs 95c box. i
Made of fine sheer linen, with neat embroidered initial. Make a y
very pretty Christmas gift. We are offering this as a special this y
week to introduce our extensive department, where we carry a com- M
plete line of Ladies', Men's and Children's Handkerchiefs. Reg- ftp fl
ularly $1.25 for box of 6 handkerchiefs; special price box.... t J<rOC M
$2.50 Silk Neck Buffs $1.25. I
i-adies' Neck Ruffs. Made of a fine quality silk chiffon. Very U
full, with long Pleated tab ends. Very stylish and handsome for H
Christmas gift. Also neatly trimmed with ribbon, and come in all- P
black, black and white *and white and black. Regular price 01 "%r H
$2.50; special . v . .... . . .... - •pltjSO B
$2.75 Covch Covers $1,757
This is. without doubt, one of the best values we have ever of-
fered in Couch Covers. They are 3 yards long and 50 inches wide •
fringed on all sides. Beautiful Oriental effects. 'Regularly <t»« >j S
sold at $2.75; special price .> *p£. iO
We are, showing latest novelties in Gold and Silver Buttons
BATTBNBERG BRAIDS
Just received another new shipment of Silk Battenbcrg Braids
Also new collar designs and Coat Patterns, etc We carry a full line 11
y of Battcnberg materials. "..¦¦-¦¦ ¦¦ ¦_ |l
I We stanip all, goods purchased in our store free of charge. g
If you are at a loss what to purchase for Christmas gifts secure ¥\
one of -our Glove or Merchandise Orders. Good at any time. |l
Country orders/promptly filled. , ". -.1 .1
I An Eiderdown Garment Sale I
I Robes Woti $5^)0 at $3.95 |
! w&h SACOUES 1
! >rf<^eSfe?>v Plain Colors and s Striped, S
| - Worth $1.50, at 95c 1
• %\ It W^.Wl ' AVe purchased heavily in this 5
*. >JvM^li%l department, making our assort- J
| ¦J$|E^rab|ia^0 /ment of Eiderdown Garments •
! more complete than ever. These©
• ~^j||g^~^iS^^^> garments suggest very desirable §
i ' ' ' i '™™*=^ > Y_ Holiday Presents, as they insure •
| -so much comfort. They are made of am exceptionally good •
| quality eiderdown and handsomely finished. %
; Special Velvet Waist Offer, $3.95. I
i>- : ; We have arranged for the next few" days' selling several hun- %
1 dred beautiful metallic, figured Velvet Waists, which offer you every 9
K inducement as to styles/qualities, colors and 'price. They are very •
[ attractive, being all new designs. : - x •
Specially Priced' at $3.95 Each. S
| Women's Tailored Suits I
j Selling Out of the Ordinary. «
i':j Every express brings us the newest styles, and one feature W c '
• wish to expressly emphasize of our Tailor- Suits is that thev are S
i . ; strictly- tailored, Which insures "relatively correct proportions and a
1 style. distinctions not attained otherwise. Investigate and comoare •
1 these peerless values. On special sale Monday and throughout this 3
[:, "week. '¦ ~ ~ ¦.¦'^i*'. : ' : ¦''--&
; -v $25.00 and $30.00 Women's Snits $18.50 Each. •
M0.pav/s&c<> \
I; C6cp9€m/ St and Srxxntcive. %
1 Agents Royal Worcester Corsets.; *
990mQ999999999999999999999W9f96Q9 9 eetQ$
r; ;. A > man x«an * feel .; good , .without being
especially, good."
It is a sad, religion that is never strong
unless its owner is sick.
: Pyrography • outfits and things to burn
in wood and , leather. • W» are agents for
Winsor'& Newton, makers of the best
artist materials in- the world. • Sanborn,
Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. . *•
Announcement is " made -' by ' the j Santa ' F«
that their famous fast train ."California Lim
ited" will now leave San Francisco for Chicago
dally. , :.-¦;* . ¦
. This train, famous among transcontinental
travelers as absolutely the finest, has :been: re
cently built at heavy expense . for this • service;
everything up-to-date. .^srfppMflMtS^SBflBtt&EtHM
.; Leaving ¦ San* Francisco at 9:30 In the inorn
lnK. you are In Chicago the third day after.* r
Full Information may be had at 641 Market
street. ' . " -¦..¦•¦.-• ¦,*«_'--, - ¦•¦ • -
THE. CALIFOBNIA LIMITED
Begins New Daily Services-Through
to Chicago in Three Day s7*
Alternates, William Patterson, Will
iam Hatch, D. 1 1. Harlow, John Hart,
Uri McKee, J. J. Brice, E. W. Black,' J.
K.; Smedley, E. . W- Harris, J. Y. Lum
mls, C.< H. Amend, M.' Murphy, Adolph
Hromadz. ¦ E. W. Lincoln. .
Lincoln Post Election.
Lincoln, Post, No. 1, Grand Army of
the Republic,- has "elected the following
officers for the ensuing year: Com
mander,. William E. Estes; senior vice
commander, ; John . S. Marshall; Junior
vice Commander, Albert Hancock;
quartermaster, . J. C. Bolles; .surgeon,
J. S.\ Crawford, i M. D. ; chaplain, : M.
Murphy; officer, of the day, D. P. Ston
er;* officer- of; the ¦ guard, ; John Elcher;
delegates to', department . encampment
at Los Angeles, A. B. Cole, J. G. Craw
ford,. J. 'A. • Macbmber, Thomas Bur
goyne.'A. A. McLean, W. F. Lewis, J.
A. jWhiteside, T. J. ; Blakeney. John S.
Marshall, J. ; H. '. Garrett,' D. ; P. Stoner,
Victor. Duhem, . George H. Stevens, W.
P. Welton. — .. -
conferring with me. He also signed
the agreement under protest.
"A meeting of the Restaurant Keep
ers' Association was called on Thurs
day afternoon and it was decided to
take a determined stand in opposition
to.the unions. Another meeting was
held yesterday afternoon. On the
morning of the meeting the union called
out the ere* of J. Bettz's restaurant at
24 Ellis street because Mr. Bertz re
fused to be Intimidated into signing the
agreement. At the meeting In the aft
ernoon Mr. Bertz received instructions
from the association not to sign the
agreement and to keep his place closed.
It was also decided to send the unions
an ultimatum that If the men did not
return to work by 10 o'clock Saturday
morning all the restaurants would close
on Sunday night. Instead of heeding
our ultimatum, at 11 o'clock this
morning the union called out the crew
of the Tlvoll Cafe and that place closed
its doors. .
BESTAUBAITT MEN, TO MEET.
"At another meeting held this after
noon, the members , of the association
were instructed to close their places of
business Sunday night and not to re
open on Monday morning."
Mr. Johnson says that fully one hun
dred restaurants will close their doors.
He believes that restaurant men who
are not members; of the association
will stand by the organization in "this
fight. There Is to be another meeting
in Eagles' Hall, 731 Market street, this
afternoon and all restaurant keepers
are invited to be present so that they
may learn the true facts of the case. ,
Horace G. Platt, president of the
Geary Street Railway Company, noti
fied the Board of Supervisors yesterday
that its request that police patrol driv
ers be allowed to ride free on the cars
of the company would be complied
with.
Patrol Drivers to Bide Free.
The property conveyed includes a
franchise" granted by the city of Oak
land over a certain .strip of land, 60
feet in width, the center line of which
begins at the intersection of the'ea'st
ern boundary line of the city of Oak
land with the center line of East
'street, thence to and along
'certain streets to a point 30 feet from
the right-of-way of the Western Pa
cific Company, now used. by trains of
the Central .Pacific Railroad Company.
¦ The Ferry Company " also agrees . to
sell all its rolling stock and' equipment
and all other | property,- real and jj per
sonal, to the Western Pacific Company.
The consideration : mentioned for the
transfer Is $397,315 75 and 120,000 shares
of the capital stock of the Western Pa- ¦
clflc Company.
The agreement is signed, by W. R.
Hayward, president. of the .San Fran
cesco Terminal Railway and Ferry
Company, and W. J. Bartnett, presi
dent of the Western t Paclflc .Railway
Company, at whose request the, agree
ment was recorded.
An agreement was recorded yenter
day between the San Francisco Ter
minal Railway and Ferry Company
and the Western Pacific Railway Com
pany . transferring certain lands, right
of-way, franchises, maps, surveys and
other properties owned by the flrst
named corporation to the Western Pa
cific Company. '
The agreement recites that the West
ern Pacific Railway Company is de
sirous, of acquiring all the properties
owned by the Ferry Company for the
purpose of acquiring certain portions
of its lines of railroad and carrying
out its corporate purposes and func
tions.
Alonzon Tripp, former, general super
intendent of • the ' Southern ' Railway,
who has been engaged by the Brock
syndicate of •Philadelphia to' build, the
new railroad from the Tonopah min
ing district to Rhodes Marsh, is at the
Palace Hotel, having come here to pur
chase the necessary material for the
construction of the road. Yesterday he
confirmed the story ! published several
days. ago to the effect that President
Harriman.of.the Southern Pacific Com
pany. had f agreed :to, assist the smaller
company, in the building of the road,
and by. doing so he had assured Its
early completion. '
sj "We hope to have the road completed
by the mlddle^of May," said Tripp yes
terday, "and will begin operating trains
Immediately. 'The distance to be railed
is sixty : miles arid the grade is very
light. In' fact, bur engineers figure that
only about 330,000 yards of earth will
have to be' moved in the gradlng'of the
entire distance. Our survey has been
completed, and in a. few days we will
be shipping ties to the scene of opera
tions. My presence in San Francisco Is
for. the-, purpose ' of purchasing all the
materials for ; construction of not only
the road,*.. but a-great- portion of ;'the
rolling: Btock.' .. We will 'buy everything
In California: In a day- or so* bids will
be -received 'for/ the grading and the
supplies,' and the latter will be forward
ed 5 to \ Nevada as soon as - the contracts
are; awarded:
"By necessity we are compelled to
build a. narow gauge track, for the
reason--: that -> our connections will be
wi th a" si rrillar gauged road. At Rhodes
Marsh > our 'line ; will i with" the
Carson and ."Colorado 'road, and : from
this line .our freight' will" be' carried ?ori
to I the iVirginia^and Truckee ' line. • I ' ex
pect', to 4 purchase ; several .locomotives
in :• thls{ State-and-' we will build our
other rolling" stock,'. the first installment
of, .which \ will : consist; of 'about - forty
gondola and I box cars arid possibly 'two
coaches.*^,-.- '\-; ¦' ..;, '¦¦':¦¦
"It isestlinated that the costof con
struction 4 wttr* be* about ' $500,000.;.
Southern 'Pacific Company; has 'given us y
assurance ; ; of ? assistance .*;and will ;' do
ev"erythfrig'£witHin^its "power, tot aid us
in! the v early; completion *6f the rbad."'<.
Chief of Police Wittman requested
the Board of Supervisors yesterday to
transfer a lot owned by the city at the
corner of Kentucky and Twentieth
streets to the Police Department, to be
used as a site for the Potrero Police
station.
Lot for Police Station.
Constructor Tripp Here
Buying -Material for
New Line.
Secures Right of .Way of
Terminal Company
in Oakland.
WESTERN PACIFIC
BUYS FRANCHISE
TONOPAH ROAD
TO BE HURRIED
PROMINENT FIGURES IN THE FIRST MEET . OF - THE \ SEASON OF
THE SAN MATEO COUNTY HUNT DRAG HOUNDS, HELD AT THE
BURLINGAME COUNTRY CLUB YESTERDAY AFTERNOON.
.To mark the occasion fittingly, Mr.
Carolan entertained thirty-five guests
at a hunt breakfast on the clubhouse
veranda. In keeping with the day,
the table decorations were of a hunt
ing character. There were violets, smi
lax and pink roses with miniature
fences and brooks and also horses and
hounds in miniature. An orchestra
discoursed sweet music and lent its en
livening, influence to.the occasion.
•~; The arrival of Huntsman Jerry Keat
ing with j twelve couples of hounds on
the lawn near the clubhouse drew -the
merrymakers to (the scene. Hunters
were being' led upland down- and there
was an air of suppressed excitement
among the hunting men and their fair
friends.
.At the word from Mr.' ; Carolan, the
hounds were laid on and a rush was
made by the onlookers for a vantage
point from which to view the, first
jump.s This was into a 'field to the
northeast of the clubhouse. The first
flight were over clean, and then there
was a clatter of hoofs as some horses
struck the top boards. One horse, de
void of .sporting instinct, refused the
issue entirely.
The scent took the hounds down tow
ard the railroad v track, then to the
west past the Carolan place. It bore
to the.southwest here, over the Tevis
property in order to clear the golf
links, forbidden territory for the hunt
ing men.' The finish was on the George
Howard property. ' The distance was
about seven miles/ The run was a short
one and avoided the foothills, as both
hounds and hunters are not in condi
tion at this early date for severe work.
• Mr. Carolan rode his favorite hunter,
Merry Boy. Huntsman Keating rode
the Bell mare, while the two "whips,"
Fred Johnson and Charles Richardson,
were mounted on Spectator and Scar
boro, - also from * Mr. Carolan's stable.
Mr. Carolan had as guests Mr. Gerry,
a son of Commodore Gerry of , New
York, and a friend who accompanied
him to this coast. There were an un
usual number of strangers among the
field, which included Walter Martin,
E. W: Howard and others. One horse
was taken to the meet for a lady to
*lde, . but the fair sportswoman was
not in evidence. . ¦-..
- * C. W. Clark has sent East for '• two
hunters arid other enthusiasts have or
dered horses. With these and the for
eign ¦ polo contingent ; the season- gives
promise of affording great sport in this
healthful recreation.
The springy turf afforded safe and
excellent footing for .the horses yester
day, making galloping a delight to the
well mounted" hunting* men.
Burlingame Country Club in its set
ting of green made a fitting frame yes
terday for the first meet of the season
of the San Mateo County Hunt Drag
Hounds. The scarlet coats of the mas
ter, Francis J. Carolan, and of the hunt
servants, the hounds 4 and the well
groomed hunters made a series of bril
liant pictures. " .
Notwithstanding that Ferrell made
a wide, turn into the stretch, claiming
the three-year-old ran out, Bay Won
der won by a narrow margin from
horses he outclassed. In the race won
by Casclne on December 2 the Judges
again had word that Ferrell would not
try to win with Don Domo. The "gray
streak" ran third.
Adklnsywas developed by Dell Foun
tain, the Idaho horseman. Last sum
mer Fountain sold the boy's contract to
Tiehenor.& Newgass of Chicago a^d he
was to ride for that firm next season.
From- information In "possession of
the stewards, Adkins pulled Rollick
on Tuesday. December 1. when Milton
Jones' horse was beaten by Father
Wentker, ridden by HalK Rollick was
started back the next day, and, with
Martin In the saddle, finished first. On
the same day he rode John A. Scott
contrary to orders, when the chestnut
was. beaten -by Iridius. The stewards
have evidence in this case also that he
knew what he was doing in disobey
ing, stable instructions. The exhibi
tion Adkins furnished on Meehanus
December 3 did not help his case.
Bookmaker "Jim" Davis is a mem
ber of the Metropolitan Turf Associa
tion and is considered one of the keen
est pencilers in the business. He is
a Calif ornlan and" is well known on
tracks throughout the country.
M. Z. de Armond holds a contract on
Hall and Barney Schrelb^r has second
call on his services. "D." is a capable
rider and soon became popular with
turfgoerS. Among other rides charged
up against Hall, the one on Bragg,
which ran a disgraceful race, on No
vember 2S, is the worst. On this occa
sion, it is claimed, Davis took great
liberties with the horse. '¦Hall was
carded to pilot Divina In the handicap
yesterday and the officials were early in
receipt of information to the effect that
Hall intended to pull the horse. Book
maker Davis took all kinds of wagers
on the mare until Martin was substi
tuted for Hall. Then he rubbed out his
prices and stood pat. Diyina was beat
en, 'however, notwithstanding th»
change, owing to poor racing luck,
and Davis* sheets show he won more
than $3700 on the- race.
yMuch Information and facts possessed
by the stewards was not divulged.
From advices received by the Judges
at Oakland Ferrell was down to pull
Bay Wonder, from the} stable of his
employer, J. F. Newman, which started
favorite In a sprint on November 30.
DON DOMO IS PUT J.KT>.
"At a meeting of the board of stew
ards of the New California Jockey
Club, held at 23 Kearny street Decem
ber 5, the'-- following rulings were
made: James Davis, bookmaker, is
ruled off the turf. The stewards are
in possession of information to the ef
fect that Davis and Danny Lynch
have been in collusion with Jockeys D.
Hall, Ferrell, and M. Adkins to have
horses pulled and to lay against them
in a book conducted by said Davis.
Jockeys Hall, Adkins and Ferrell are
a^so ruled off. The said D. J. Lynch
having already been ruled off by the
Western Jockey Club, it is beyond the
power of the stewards to inflict any
further punishment upon him."
Not sincere days of the Little Pete
scandal, when Jockeys Chorn, Heln
richs and Chevalier were debarred all
privileges of the turf, has such a
bombshell been exploded and ' such a
sensation created. When scandal bobs
to the surface it looks as if the name
of Danny Lynch would not down,
whether guilty or innocent. Shortly be
fore the season opened "Frisco" Land,
who trained the horses owned by
Lynch until both were ruled off the
turf in Chicago, purchased a saloon
and lodging-house lit Emeryville not
many blocks from the track. Accord
ing to the evidence produced last night.
Hall made his first misstep by engag
ing quarters there.
HALL'S BAD RIDE ON BRAGG.
For some (lays since the inception of
the racing soason now in progress at
Oakland track there have been mur
murings of discontent and insinuations
cast about by owners that their horses
had been Dulled or had received bad
rides. ;::^-
Where there is smoke there is bound
to be some fire, and some of these poor
rides have not passed unnoticed by the
officials at Oakland. Competent and re
liable men were engaged to watch the
movements of certain riders whose
names were brought under suspicion,
as well as some bookmakers known to
be on friendly terms with these riders.
The denouement came last night.
The stewards of the New California
Jockey Clu'o met last evening and ruled
off the turf Bookmaker '"Jim"" Davis,
and Jockeys D. Hall, Ferrell and Ad-
Kins. The foil ruling is' herewith given:
RULING OF THE STEWARDS.
James Davis, the Well-Known Book
maker, Is Charged With Laying
Against the Horses Pulled
and Is Also Ruled Off.
"Failing to get the agreement signed,
they called out the crews of Owens &
Starr's two restaurants. Owens & Starr
• then signed the agreement under pro
test and the men went back to work.
"The committee Immediately " after
ward called out the crew of Jacobsbn's
restaurant, during. the absence of the
proprietor, who was then at my place
CALL "WAITERS OUT.
"The tacit agreement provided that
at no time should the association en
ter into any agreement with any em
ploye or set of employes giving differ
ent agreements from our agreement
with them. During the month of
August an agreement was entered into
by the unions with the Louvre, Zin
kand's. Odeon, Little Louvre and
Techau's wherein there was a stipula
tion for the recognition of the unions.
"When we were informed of that fact
we contended that our agreement
should be amended to meet these condi
tions, there being no question of chang
ing hours and wages. About the same
time a complaint was filed by the un
ions against Mr. Wolfe, who conducts
a cafe in the Claus Spreckels building,
because he employed a chief cook who
v.as a non-union man. Once before a
similar complaint was filed, and which
•was acted on to the satisfaction of the
unions, as In a good many instances.
"When the last complaint against
Mr. Wolfe was filed the Restaurant
Keepers' Association contended that he
should not be compelled to discharge
his non-union cook. Inasmuch as the
unions had entered into an agreement
with the Louvres and grottos giving
them "open ehop' conditions. The en
tire matter came up before the Mayor
on September 30 last, and the Mayor
took it under advisement and has since
failed to render a decision.
"About one week ago the Cooks'
Union No. 44, the Walters' Alliance No.
20, and the Cooks' Helpers' Union
mailed a blank copy of a new agree
ment to the individual members of the
Restaurant Keepers' Association. Last
Thursday a committee from the differ
ent unions called on Owens & Starr, J.
Jacobson and several others and re
quested them to elgn the agreement.
These gentlemen said they were mem
bers of the association and referred the
committee to it.
Mr. Johnson yesterday gave out the
following Btsatement for the press rela
tive to the present trouble:
"A year ag<^ the Restaurant Keepers'
Association entered into an agreement
with Cooks' U&ion No. 44 and Waiters'
Alliance No. 30* which specified hours,
v ages and general conditions, including
the recognition 'Of the unions. At the
H»me time and In the presence of the
ilayor" who signefl the written agree
ment as a witness, there was also a
tacit understanding, since, admitted,
that there should be a board of arbitra
tion, and this board v was provided for
in the written agreement and was to be
compoped of four men\ from each side,
and the Mayor was to cast. the deciding
vcte in case of a deadlock.
TACIT" AGREEMENT.
Unless a compromise is effected be
tTreen the Restaurant Keepers' Asso
ciation and the Cooks* and Waiters'
Union within the next twelve hours all
the leading eating-houses in this city
Tvill close to-night and will remain
closed until the differences between
the parties are settled.
The Cooks' Union and the Waiters'
Alliance have a certain agreement that
they want signed by the restaurant- i
keepers and the latter decline to affix
their Eig-rcatures because the terms do
not meet with their approval. Th#
present trouble has been brewing for
the last year and is now coming to- a
head.
Members of the Restaurant Keepers'
Association are determined to defeat
the unions and if necessary will keep
their places of business closed for a
month. This means hardship for the
public. The big restaurants cater to
many thousands of hur.gr>* people a t
day and if they close their doors there
will be suffering: and discontent. If
the restaurants close their doors home
cooking and cold lunches must be en
dured by thousands and a goodly num
ber will have to* avail themselves of
saloon free lunches to stay the pangs
of huugrer. The strike will throw many
thousands out of employment and this
v.ill be a sad Christmas season for j
many.
JIAYOR MAY ARBITRATE.
Mayor Schmitz will undoubtedly act
as arbitrator of the strike. He has
not been asked to intervene, but it is
almost a certainty that the city's chief
executive will take a hand in the dis
pute in order that the residents of this
city may rot puffer.
v Both sides have held meetings and
\s.re determined to fight each other to a
Vinish. The Waiters' Alliance has been
preparing for the strike for the last
six months and now that it has come
is\ ready to put up a hard battle. The
executive committee of the unions is
loth to make any statement in the
matter. A committee called upon M.
Johnson,* chairman of the executive
conmaittee of the Restaurant Keepers*
Association, yesterday for the purpose
of arranging a meeting with the pro
prietors. - The committee was Informed
by Mr. "Johnton that such a. meeting
was impossible, but that any communi
cation tivey might prepare would be
given immediate attention by the asso
ciation. \ ¦
D. Hall, Ferrell and Adkina
Are Adduced Guilty
of Fraud.
In a suit filed by Herman F. Klamt
against Blanche L. Klamt he asks for
a decree of divorce for desertion. He
alleges that Mrs. Klamt left him on
June S. 1902, nine months after their
marriage in Ohio.
Grace M. Oates is suing William H.
Oates, a gardener in j the employ of
the Park Commission, for divorce on
the ground of neglect. She says that
for more than a year past he has not
provided for her or their two chil
dren. Their marriage occurred in No
vember, 1893.
Emma J. West, who was married to
Joseph A. West in this city twenty
four years ago, alleges in a complaint
for divorce that he has been a cruel
and neglectful husband" ever since
their marriage. She says he has re
peatedly threatened to do her bodily
harm and has. almost continuously
used vile language toward. her. Mrs.
West charges also that West has been
a poor provider; that she has fre
quently wanted for the common nec
essariefe of life, and that as a result
her health has been greatly impaired.
The Wests have four children, ranging
in age from 23 to 16 years. - _ .
Bartholomew Marquis wants a di
vorce from Louise Marquis on the
ground of infidelity. He alleges that
during his. absence from home attend
ing to his duties as a nightwatchman
for the Pacific Gas and Improvement
Company she has entertained other
men, particularly one named Finard.
The litigants live at 1 909*4 Chestnut
street. They were married in Decem
ber. 1897.
George H. Hislop. a manufactur
er's agent, is the defendant in a suit
for divorce brought by Louisa K. His-^
lop. They were married in Canada in
18S7. The suit is brought on the
ground of infidelity, Mrs. Hislop al
leging that her husband, on many oc
casions since September, 1902, has
forgotten his marriage vows. She
says he enjoys an income of $400 a
month from his business, and asks the
court to grant her a divorce and suf
ficient monthly alimony to enable her
to provide for herself and three chil
dren.
Nellie L. Stull is seeking a divorce
from John Franklin Stull because of
the latter's alleged cruelty. She gays
that for the last four years he has
treated her most 'cruelly, on one oc
casion hitting her with a heavy pic
ture and quite frequently striking her
with his fist. Stull Is a marine en
gineer. They were married at Ta
coma in 1SS9.
Elizabeth Kuenzel-Floyd obtained a
divorce from Will! Kuenzel in Judge
Hebbard's court on November 25.
The following day she went to Marys
ville and there became the wife of H.
E. Floyd. Yesterday she filed a suit
for the annulment of the ties uniting
her to Floyd. She claims that she did
not know until a few days ago that
her marriage to Floyd was illegal be
cause it took place within a year af
ter she had obtained a decree of di
vorce from Kuenzel.
While the detectives were In Cooper's
establishment McSwegan. who Is em
ployed as a lineman in the department
of electricity,' drove, up In a wagon and
disposed of 400 poiinas of copper wire
for 539. In view of the fact that Cooper
had purchased such a large quantity
of stolen Government wire the officers
determined to investigate ; this latter
sale./ -
Superintendent" Hewitt, the City
Electrician, was sent for, but upon an
examination declared that the .wire
was riot city property. The superin
tendent of the Mutual Light and Pow
er Company was then called in and
stated that the wire was the property
of the San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company. McSwegan at first denied
his • guilt, but subsequently admitted
that in stringing wires for the city he
had come across a considerable num
ber of* dead lines and confiscated
them. /He is a married man and ow
ing to that fact it is understood that
the gas company will not prosecute.
Cooper and Farber. will be turned
over 'to the Federal officials for trial.
At the time of the exclusive publica
tion by The CalL of the fact that Un
cle Sam had been, made" the victim of
a bold ring of thieves, the military
authorities absolutely denied "all
knowledge of the matter, but subse
quent developments have shown the
'correctness 1 , of \ the report. ¦'
SOLD "DEAD LINES."
Their investigation shows that Cor
poral Lewis, who was also stationed at
Goat Island, was sent over to this city
by Simard to negotiate for the sale of
the wire. Lewis enlisted the services
of Farber, who took a sample of the
wire to Cooper. The market value of
the wire is 60 cents a pound, but Coop
er would give no more than 10 cents.
The wire was turned over to him and
he recently sold it to the Great West
ern Foundry, 217 First street. The de
tectives found about 50,000 feet at the
latter, establishment, and the firm has
agreed not to dispose of it pending the
final disposition of the case. '
Cooper and Farber were taken into
custody and brought before the mili
tary authorities at the Presidio. Cor
poral Lewi3 was sent for, but denied
all knowledge of the affair, j Upon be
ing confronted with Cooper and Farber
he broke down and confessed. He
stated that the two men in custody
knew where the wire was coming from
and told him to bring all that he could
get- .* From checks found fn possession
of Cooper and Farber it was ascertained
that the Great Western Foundry had
paid Cooper $176 50 for the goods and
Lewis was paid 5153 4t> as his and Sim
ard's share* of . the proceeds. Lewis was
arrested and placed in the guardhouse.
LOCATE THE W1BE.
Chief of Police Wittman received a
communication yesterday morning from
Captain W. S. Overton of the Artillery
Corps, U. S. A., relative to the loss of
a large quantity of wire from Goat Is
land. The captain in his letter stated
that about October 24 he went on a
month's sick leave and Electrician
Sergeant Henry Simard was left in
charge of the torpedo station at Goat
Island. Simard had under him Sergeant
Hodgman of the Twenty-eighth Com
pany of Coast Artillery and three pri
vates. On October 28 the launch Brisk,
with the name "Joe Kane" painted on
her stern, Visited the island . and took
away 60,000, feet of . insulated copper
wire. Simard at. that time told Ser
geant Hodgman that the wire was to
be' used at the Presidio so. as to allay
all suspicion. On November 7 the same
launch again visited the torpedo sta
tion and 52,000 feet of wire. was placed
on board. Sergeant* Simard boarded
the boat on that occasion and has not
been seen since.
•' Upon receipt of the communication
Detectives Ryan and Taylor were im
mediately detailed on the case, and
with the assistance of Detective Pete
Lewin had cleared up the mystery sur
rounding the disposition of the plunder
and landed three of the guilty parties
behind the bars before 5 o'clock. The
officers were highly commended by
their superior officers for their clever
work. \
The magnitude of the theft of which
the three men in custody stand accused
and for which they will be prosecuted
by the Federal authorities is surprising,
as 'sufficient wire to string a single line
between this city and San Mateo was
carried away in a launch from Goat
Island under the eyes of those In
charge of the station. A peculiar fea
ture attending the investigation of the
case by the police was the discovery of
another theft of wire from the San
Francisco Gas and ; Electric Company
by one of the employes of the depart
ment of electricity of this city, and as
a result the name of Philip McSwegan
of 350 Fell street appears on the detinue
book at the City Prison.
DARING THEFT.
With the arrest of W. Farber of 27
Chesley street and S. Cooper, a Junk
dealer at 1128 Mission street, by Detec
tives Ryan and Taylor and Southern
Pacific Detective P. Lewin yesterday
afternoon, and the taking into custody
of Corporal Lev.-is of "the Coast Artil
lery by the military authorities at the
Presidio, the story as published exclu
sively in The Call of a recent date rela
tive to the daring theft of 112,000 feet
of insulated wire from the United
States torpedo station at Goat Island is
substantiated in every detail. •,'..,
Story of Remarkable Theft
Is Substantiated by
Captures.
Marries Second Husband Day
Following Divorce
From First.
Unions Call Out Their Men
and a Big Strike Is
Imminent.
California Jockey Club
Officials Punish
Offenders.
Restaurants Will Close
Their Doors This
Evening.
Elizabeth Kuenzel Sues
to Annul Bonds but
Few Days Old
Officers Run Down Men
Who Stole Govern
ment Property.
HOMELESS MUST
HUNT FOR FOOD
WEDS HASTILY
THEN REPENTS
RIDERS FALL
UNDER BAN
OF STEWARDS
WIRE THIEVES
ARE IN PRISON
Pages 35 to 48
Pages 35 to 48
SAN FRANCISCO. SUNDAY, DECEMBER G,.. 1903.
Inaugural Meet of the Season at the Burlingame
Country Club Attracts ah Excellent Field.
HUNTING MEN ENJOY A FAST GALLOP
AFTER THE SAN MATEO DRAG HOUNDSDentists Defeat the Pharmacists.
The first annual football game be
tween the elevens representing the den
tal and the pharmacy departments of
the University of California took place
yesterday at the Presidio Athletic
Grounds.
The came resulted In a score of 18
to 0 in favor of the dental team. De
spite the one-sided score, the game was
close at times. The pharmacy team
was the heavier and had the advantage
of fsvo players of this year"s freshman
team. The teams were made up of:
Dental — Robinson, Bockman, Beaser,
Morehead, Eidenmuller, West, Pot
ter, Marshall, Wilkins (captain), Howe,
Flood, Steinmuller.
Pharmacy— "Wessel, Jackson (cap
tain) K Vaughn, Rogers, Paterson, Klein
heimer. McCoy, Hestal, Bowles, Foutz,
Lindsay.
Referee, Holt; umpire. Dr.. Noble;
timers, Minor and Dr. Wilkins; lines
men, Keoch and Cowes. ; " : ~, *¦
Loses Her Pet Pigeons.
BERKELEY. Dec. 5. — Mrs. D. A.
Sonntag of Fifth street swore to com
plaints to-day charging Joseph Dar
doza, Michael McKenzle, Jean Sum
mers, Harry Summers and A. L. Olsen
•with the theft of her pet pigeons. The
boys were arrested by Deputy Marshal
Carey and will* be tried before the Ju
venile Court in Oakland.
Jack O'Briea Knocks Out "Williams.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 5.— Jack
O'Brien knocked out Jack Williams in
the third round of what was scheduled
as a six-round bout to-night before the
National Athletic Club.
OAKEAirD RACETRACK— SATURDAY. -Dec. 5.-*- Weather nnej__Track'^faat. :
R414. FIRST RACE>— Six furlongs, .selling:. 3 : year : ql<is and up; value to flrsU $32o.
Index Horse and Owner. WtlSt. .%. W. %. Str. Fin. I 1 Jockey. ¦ , I . Op. CU %
5358 Saintly, a (T. Crowe) .... 108* 1 .... lliUl li/.l"% -l'%- D- Hall O 9 - 2.
5348 Fort Wayne. 3 <A. Ross):".... 100 5 ... 3 «•« 2«44 1%2 3.. Knapp ...» «»-•><¦ -
63»8 Quatre. 3 (E. -Tierney). 101 7 ... 18% 6 n.5 h .3 2 >. Foley .- r ±
<KU8) S. Towers, 4 (Stockton St.).. 99 4 ... 2 2 . 2 ¥• -2, 1^4 1% J. Lewis... ». %
M9T Water Power, 4 (H. Stover).. Ill 2 ... 4 1%5 1%0 35^ See ,* 9 zf
f>S36 Pure Dale, 3 (Thomais Co.)... 103 0 ... f) y, 4;i£.3.n : 0 2 • Henderson ¦' 15 a*.
5404 Hellas, 3 (J. Creely). ....... 109 3. ... 7 % 8% 7 2 *7 3. L.. Jackson. 20 *0 .
S318 Ural. 5 (F. Boughsman): . .. . 104 » . ,. 5 h 10 310 3\ 8 n A.-Brown..' «O loo
5S70 Goddeos of Night, 6 (Parks).. 104 11 ... 10 5^ 0 4 .8 2 9 »4 • H. Smith.. 60 .
MS4 EgK.NogTE, 3 (S. G. Morton).. 09 12 ... 12 112 114 10 1 J. Booker. . 15
5396. B.> Rose water, 3 (Nlchollas). . 00 8 ..." 6 n- 7,h/9 Ml'6 Chandler .. JO io ,
5307 Sir T. Tiddler, 4 (M. J. Daly). Ill 10 ... 11 0 12 12 " J. Paly ZO W
Time— ;23»4, :48, 1:13. » At pQst 12% minutes. OnVat <2:30%:\:Salntly, place, 4": show, 2.
Wayne, Dlace, 4-5; show, 2-5. Quatre, show, 1. Winner br. g. by Mldlothlan-An&e
llque. Trained by C. Pleasant.- .Start good. -Won in . a • very hard drive of three.
Saintly, usually a bad actor, got away sailing and held Fort "Wayne safe at the close. •
Latter ran tamely for a supposed quitter. Tpwers ault. > Hellas no" speed. Bee Rose
water quit 'early. - . ¦¦ • ',.¦ ' '
5415. SBCONI> RACE — Six furlones, purse, -2-yeax-olds; value to first, <325.^-. ". ' - ' .
Index | Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. % / *%• r 94- Str. -Fin. I Jockey. I Op. Ct
f>391 Padua (A. Josephs). ..7 '. 106 6 ... 8 1%5 2 1 n 1 n\[W. Waldo:. y>4 " T
6391 Military Man (Ferguson)...... 103 2 .... 8 h 4 % 31^2 1 J. MarUn. . 8-6 ,, 2
54(0 Ananias (J. F. SchonO 110 1 ... In' 1% 2 2 3 4 Reed ...... '5 ~-8
5379 Ebony (Hamilton stable) IOC 3 ... 2 1%2 1JJ4 n 4 n U..Daly 6>2 2
(5381) Capt. Forsee (Alhambra St.).. 110 5 ... 4n 3h 52 55 (See ........ * »
5391 Alamansor (D. Williams) 102 7 ... 7 4 7 3^.7 4 6 2% Chandler .. 20 40
0289 Flea (V. Gilbert) 107 4 ... . 5 2%6 & 6 1 7 2 Otis ... , 20 150
Northwest (Clifford & Co.).. 107 9 ... 9 82 85 8 8 Blrkenruth 20 "6O
5343 Abydos (P. Ryan) 103 8 ... 8h» 9 9 Adklns 6 8 .
5373 jSamar (Raisin City Stable) .. [102 Left. J 1 _Jones... 15 40 .
Time— :23»4, :48, 1:13%. At post 2% minutes. Off at 2:56%. Padua, place, 2: show, 1.
Man. place, 7-10; show, 1-4. Ananias, show, 6-5. Winner b. C. by Maxio-My Badge.
Trained by W. M. Murry. Scratched — Foxy GrandDa, Sol Smith. Start good. Won in
a hard drive of three. Padua was .more lucky to-day and .; received a vigorous ride.
' Military Man was best and should have won., He was In a pocket until less than' a
furlong from home. Later he was bumped by the winner. Ananias ran Ebony to a
standstill. Cant. Forsee was "Bee-zed." Abydos on* badly. ' \ _ -— —^^^, ',-,,- '.'-.^
5410. THIRD RACE^ — Mile and 80 yards; selling; three-year-olds and up; value first, f325.
Index) , Horse and Owner. Wt St. %. H- %• Str. Fin. I Jockey. I Op. CL
5402 Silver Fizz. 6 (G. Lanka) 89 3 6 \i B % 4 n 1 n 1 2& Anderson ..5 4
53S4 Shellmount. 4 (T. Wellman).. 94 4 3 n 3 % 1 1&2 3 2 5 Knapp . ™ - 15
5357 i Invictus 5 (Mrs Gabriel) 89 7 72 7%83 4h 3% Kunz ..... * 20 30
53S7 I O U. 4 (C. W. Chappelle).... 99 10 8^84 5^31 4 2^U. Martin".. "6-2 2
5296 IMlss Vera. 6 (p. G. Lynch). 102 6 8 1%6 % 7 Vi 0 n 5 I'. Spencer. 20 20
5401 The Ledaean 4 (Boots 8c. Co.) 97 9 9 1 9 3 9 3 5 n fl 2fc T. Butler.. 15 30
5402 Augle 4 (Ca'pps & Co.) 97 5 4 2 4 2 6 n 7 2 7 4 L. Jackson. 15 CO
5413 Chileno. 6 (Blasingame) 94 8 2 2V£2%'3l 82 8 4 Crosswalte 8 8
K396 Alice Carey. 3 (McNaughton) 87 2 In 1^2h 04 9n Connell ... 2 3
5402 I Rose of May. 4 (Kirk & Co.). 89 1 10 10 10 10 10 J. Lewis... 10 12
Time-^-:23%. :4S'i. 1:14»;. 1:40%. 1:43^. At post 2% minutes. , Oft at 3:19. Fizz, place,
3-2; phow 7-10. Shellmount. place 6; show 3. Invictus, show 8. • Winner, ch. m. ¦
by Silver Fox-Tonique. Trained by M. Garrity. Scratched— Iras. Start good. Won
easily. The next three driving hard.. Winner best. Invictus a supposed "mudder." I O
U off poorly* as usual. Chileno was outfooted. Alice Carey rated to_ p<K>r advantage. .
5417. FOURTH RACE— 1 1-16 miles; handicap; all ages; value to' first. . ?500. • . ¦
Index j -Horse and Owner. WtlSt $4 . #. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Ij 0^ &•¦
53O Horatlus 3 (J. McAllester) . . 94 6 2 2-lh 1 2%1 2%1 6 J. Booker.. B. 12 ¦
(53S2) Yellow Tall. 6 (J. Hackett).. 113 4 5 8%3 1%3 1%2 1%2 % King 3 5-2
5399 Divina 4 S (E1 Prlmero Stable) 110 3 3-l%5 2 6 n 5 2 '3 2% J. Martin.. .8-5 6-5
63S9 iDupont 3 (G B. Morris) 92 5 60«8 67 4%4h J, Jones... 4 =7
5359 Veterano, 3 (W. C Vlvell).. 87 '1 77 7 61%5n Anderson .. 12 ' 25
5393 Forest King 4 (Jones & Co.). IW 7 4 h 4 n 4 2^3 2 6 10 W. \ Dugan. 8 - 11
5332 tlshtar. 4 (A. Josephs) 03 2 In 2 1^2 n 7 7 Knapp .... / 4 8
Time— :24V4. :4S>4. 1:13%, l:39Vi. 1:453;. At. post 2% minutes. Off at 3:46. Homtius.
place 4; show, 3-2. Tellow Tall, place, 4-5: show. 1-2. Divina. show, 1-5. "Winner,'.'
b. c. by Odd Fellow-Kinda. Trained by. E. J. : Ramsey. Scratched — Dainty. Start ¦
good.* Won easily. The next two driving. Horatius showed- marked Improvement and
won in a common gallop. Divina was taken care of by Yellow Tall and Forest Klngr. "
Dupont outrun. Ishtar gave it up early as too hot. ¦
541S. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs: gelling; 3-ycar-olds and up; value to first. $325. '. ¦•¦
Index I Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. % . . %. %. «tr. Fin. I Jockey. . I . Op. CL
(5370) E. M. Brattain. 4 (J. Mlllln)..!llO| 2 ... 2iy a 2 2^2 1%1 ns IChandler .. "7^2.. 7-2
5.J97 Sad Sam, 5 (H. Green) 100 4 ... .1 n 1 3 1 2Vj2 % Sherwood .. 7-2 6
f.r.04 Martinmas, 3 (C. Henshall). . 10. r > 5 ... 4% 42 3n 3 2 Otis ....:.. 3 2
(5380) Bay Wonder, 3 (Newman) 107 1 ... .3 % .3 2' 4.2 4 % Ferrell .... .:¦¦ 8 3 . 8
(5368)1 Jockey Club, 3 (Fisher) 106! 7 ... 7 6, 1JJ5 n ¦ 5 If W.. Waldo. . -'6 8
(4&S7) 1 Headwater, a (Jones & Co.).. 1081 t? ... 5 1^ 1 « 5 6 7 Knapp .... 8 ' 20 .
53S2 ICaptivate. 5 (P. HUdreth) 10G| 6 ... 0'2 7 7 .7 . L. Jackson: -15 30 ;
Time— :23»4. :47. 1:13. At post 3 minutes. Off. at 4:15^. -E.M. Brattain. place. 7-5; show,
3-5. Sad Sam,' place, 2; show, 1. .Martinmas, show, 1-2. Winner, gr. g. by Captive- "
Leora. Trained by J. D. Millin. . Scratched — Pickaway. Glendenning. Start good. Won In
a very hard drive of three. Chandler rated the gray and won on the last stride. Martin
mas was elightly cut oft nearing the wire. Bay Wonder outfooted. So was Jockey Club.
Headwater showed an jnkjing pf old form.
5410. SIXTH RACE — One mile and 50 yards; selling; 3-year-olds and up; val. to first, $325.
Index I Horse and Owner. WtlSt. %. W- %. Str. Fin. | Jockey. Op! CU
Harry Beck. *4 (Lynch & Co.). 99 10 8n 7 2^7 4 2^12 J Martin.. 5 ~~8
53S7 El Oriente, 6 (W. J. Spiers)... 99 6 2 14 3 l}sl '^ 3 n 2 94 knapp 6-2 6-2
5392 J J. Corbett. 6 (Hedges) 102 8 4 2 2 h 3 1%1 h 3 2>,$ J. Booker.. 8 4
5405 Eurdoc. 6 (H. F. Parks) OS 4 14 1 1M-2 H44 1 4 1 U Chandler .. 12 15
540« Cambaceres, 5 (V. Gilbert).... 105 3 6 l%r> 1Vj5 5 ,Vj 5 n I. Powell... 4 5
B3S6 Dotierel, 3 <F. J. O"Rourke).. 89 2 3h414%62G2 Kunz 8 15
5405 Gallnthus. 5 (Mrs. Coffey) 92 5 9 6 8 2^8 2 83 7 2 W. Daly... 4 7
5398 Canejo. 6 (G. B. Morris). 97 7 6 1^6 2^6 n 7 % 8 2% J. Jones 6 7
53*6 Ohio Girl. 4 (Larsen & Co.)... 89 110 10 10 9 1 93 |J. Lewis. ... ' lo 10
5371 Prince Blazes, a (E. Here).... 100 9 7 n 9 ¦% 9 }&10 10 |Foley ..... 8 20
Time— :Zi%, :iS%. 1:14%. 1:41%. 1:^4%. At post, 2% minutes.' Oft at 4:40. Harry Beck
place. 3; show. 3-2. El Oriente, place, 1: show. 3-5. J. J. Corbett. show 1 Winner'
b. g. by Jim Gore-Melody. Trained by J. A. Lynch. Start good. Won gailoplng Next
two driving hard. If Knapp on El Oriente had hugged the rail he would have" won Bur
doc quit. Cambaceres can do better. Galanthus ran a cheap race. Ohio Girl bumped on
first turn. <,; ..*,».
General B, the handsome, smooth
coated St. r.ernard, was awarded the
prize for the best dog in San Francisco
County. He had a large field of com
petitors and the race for honors was a
hot ore. M. Coffey's Scotch collie Sir
Henry was declared the best dog en
tered from Sacramento County.
The banner dog from Santa Clara
County proved to be His Majesty of
Charlcombe, an Old English sheep dog
owned by the Charlcombe Kennels.
Irving Towrsend of Watsonville took
the prize for the best dog from Santa
Cruz and Monterey counties with his
Scotch collie Tyke.
A large crowd gathered around the
ring to witness the distribution of the
prizes by Mr. Stewart. Many handsome
cups and other valuable articles were
awarded the winners. A cheer went up
from the gathering when "Rags," the
Filipino dog:, went barking out of the.
ring under cover of the Stars andr
Stripes, his prize for being the only
naturalized Filipino dog in all the
world.
The dog, r-oultry and cat show at Me
chanics' Pavilion came to a close^ last
night after attracting an attendance
which thronged all the available space
in the big exhibition hall.
In every respect the exhibition was
the most successful of its kind ever
held in th? city. The directors and
patrons of the show are one and all
satisfied. The former feel highly elated
over the success of their efforts and are
already planning for next year.
The gTand closing event was the
Judging for the best dog in the show
and the banner crowd of the season
was on hand to watch the proceedings.
The lucky dog happened to be Minne
sota Joe, the superb pointer, many
times a prize winner, and the property
of Henry F. Ziegler of The Dalles,
Or. He wen from a large field and,
though there were some who did not
approve of the choice, still all admitted
the dog made a wonderful showing.
Against Minnesota Joe were pitted
two St. Bernards, John Rlpllnger's
English setter Elloree, which was the
reserve dog; two poodles, a Mexican
hairless dog, an Irish setter and a
Scotch collie. The judges were James
Cole of Kansas City and John X. de
Witt of this city. N. J. Stewart of San
Jose acted as the referee.
It took some time to decide on the
merits of the dog, as each was a win
ner in his class. Finally the two Judges
came to an agreement and awarded the
palm to Minnesota Joe. Both men are
fanciers of pointers, though no one can
say their fondness for this breed of
dogs influenced their decision. The
prize was an artistic silver cup donated
by the management of the St. Nicholas
Hotel.
ers, and as ShellmounC a 15 to 1 shot,
hit the stretch in front, it looked as
if he might win. Silver Fizz, though,
proved the better stayer and at the
close won easily. Invictus, at 30 to 1,
took the show. The winner received
steady support at 5 and 6 to 1.
Charley Henshall's Martinmas caught
the public fancy and was played down
to 2 to 1 favoritism to beat some fast
ones in the fifth event, a six-furlong
selling run. He ran a clever race,
though finishing no better than a close
third. Sherwood, a green boy, had the
mount on Sad Sam and gives promise
of becoming a rider. He got the erratic
Sam away well, kept him well In to
ward the rail and in the. most exciting
finish of the afternoon only lost to E.
M. Brattain by a nose in 1:13 flat.
Chandler rode the winner, which closed
at odds of 3% to 1. Bay Wonder could
not keep up, running a good fourth.
The final event, a mile a^d fifty yard
Ananias and Ebony raced off head
and head when the barrier was sprung
and It was apparent neither would
get a big chunk of the purse. On the
stretch turn Jack Martin, on Military
Man, ran into a beautiful pocket and
was compelled to wait for an opening.
Less than a furlong from the wire
he got out, but could not quite catch
Padua, and 8 to 1 chance, which was
rushed into the lead by "Bill" Waldo.
Willie, See handled Captain Forsee
with great care.
Martin also rode I O U, favorite
for the mile and fifty yard selling
event. The gelding is naturally a poor
breaker and got away from the bar
rier in such wretched form that he
had no chance. There were ten start-
A world of money was bet on the
maiden Ebony to win the 2-year-old
sprint at six furlongs. The big fellow,
which is a son of Hamilton II, reeled
off four furlongs in 47 1-2 seconds on
Friday and closed equal favorite with
Military Man.
MILITABY MAN POCKETED.
Fort Wayne, whose name revives
memories of E. J. Arnold & Co. of
get-rich-quick fame, started a 2 to 1
favorite for the opening sprint. Saintly,
which has been left at the post on one
or two occasions, had Hall up and the
Schreiber Jockey got him away. In fact,
he got the 10 to 1 shot away sailing
and was never headed. The first choice
closed strongly under Knapp's urging,
only to be beaten less than a length in
the fast time of 1:13. Quatre finished a
close third, quite an improvement over
her previous race.
In the interim, J. Booker, on Hora
tius, had shaken off Ishtar and gradu
ally opened up a gap of daylight be
tween the colt and the balance of the
bunch, scampered in the easiest imag
inable winner In 1:45 3-4. Six lengths
back of him Yellow Tail lead Divina
not quite a length for place honors. The
winner ran practically unbacked, the
price drifting from 5 to 12 to 1.
If the books made no money, then
they never will. Beginning With Fort
Wayne, a 2 to 1 choice, five other fa
vorites, Military Man, I. O. U. t Divina,
Martinmas, and El Oriente, all met de
feat The track was lightning fast and
fast time marked the running of the
different events.
Many even went further, for Jack
was hissed as he returned to the stand
after the. finish. .
D. Hall was. posted to ride the mare,
but from Inside information received at
the judges' stand, the Texas rider was
taken down shortly before post time
and Martin was substituted. Divina
carried 110 pounds and was extensively
plunged on by large and small bettors
alike. Of the other six starters, Yel
low Tail carried , the most backing.
While Martin came in for severe cen
sure for his handling of the favorite,
the misfortunes he met with were
plainly unavoidable. Ishtar and Hora
tius cut out the early running.
Before reaching the half mile ground
King on Yellow Tail cut Divina off, and
before Martin had the long-striding
mare straightened away he was again
cut off by Dugan astride Forest King,
losing several lengths. Martin next
moved up on the rail with his mount
and Just before swinging into the
stretch was once more cut off by For
est King. • *
HOBATIUS SCAMPERS IN.
As a rule the large gatherings of half
holiday pleasure seekers which assem
ble at Oakland track take defeat most
unconcernedly, but yesterday they
made wry faces when Jack Martin fin
ished third on Divina, favorite for the
mile and a sixteenth handicap. -
Successful Exhibition Closes
Under Auspicious Cir
cumstances.
Pointer Prom Oregon Is
Declared the Peer
of Them All.
Divina, the Favorite, With Jack Martin in the Saddle, Meets With Many Mis-,
haps, Finishing Third — Talent Is v SevereIy Buffeted, as All Six Choices
Are Downed—Padua Defeats Military Man-— EM. Brattain a Winner
MINNESOTA JOE
THE PRIZE DOG
HORATIUS, RIDDEN BY JIMMY BOOKER,
TAKES THE HANDICAP IN A GALLOP
SPORTS OF THE TRACK, TH E COURTS AND THE BENCH
Compared to the atheist, the devil is a
monument 01 credulity.
CHICAGO. Dec. 3.— The Rev. Frank VT.
Gunsaulus. president of Armour Institute, to
day formally declined" the presidency of Boston
tclverstty.
VALLEJO. Dec. 5-fIn the bright sun
shine there was a/ gleam of s
sound of music an.d a spirit of senti
ment on the streets of Vallejo to-day
such as have not 'been known in this
city in a long time. The occasion was
the laying of .the cornerstone of the
new Carnegie^ public library building
by the Grand/Lodge, Free and Accept
ed Masons of California.
The committee having the erection
of the building in charge is composed
of the Rev. T. F. Burnhajn. Professor
J. J. Rippetoe, George Roe, J. F. Ward
and C. E. "Walsh.
The procession was imposing as it
moved through the principal streets,
everybody on foot except Grand Mar
shal J. J. Luchslnger and his aids. In
the line were the Knights Templar
from Stockton, Santa Rosa, Napa,
Vacaville and Vallejo, Vallejo Canton
Patriarchs Militant, the Uniform Rank
of the Knights of Pythias, companies
of United States sailors and marines
and many organizations.
Following the parade were elaborate
exercises incident to the laying of the>
cornerstone. Mayor P. B. Lynch pre
sentad the silver trowel to C. "W. Nut
ting, grand master of the Grand
Lodge, who laid the stone. Features o\*
the elaborate exercises were the ad
dress by E. H. Hart. Junior grand war
den of the Grand Lodge.
Ceremony at
Library Buiming in .
Valiejfo.
STONE IS LAID
BY THE MASONS
Michael Roberts of 737 Mission street
was knocked down by a horse and wa
gon yesterday at the corner of Fifth
and Market streets. He was treated at
the Emergency Hospital for a lacerat
ed arm.
Knocked Down hy Wagon.
Indian and Mexican coods. burnt norvelties.
bead*. Cal. souvenirs. The Curio. 32 Eddy. •
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 5.— Frederick
H. Rlndge c* this city received, word
to-day of a disastrous fire on his Mal
ibu ranch in Ventura County, on the
coast. The Malibu ranch is one of the
largest In Ventura County, and was
well-stocked and highly improved.
The ranch house, recently constructed
at a cost of $25,000, together with a
number of smaller outbuildings, were
destroyed. Two thousand cattle stam
peded, and it Is reported that many
were destroyed by the flames. Definite
figures as to the damage done cannot
be obtained here to-night, but esti
mates run from $100,000 to $150,000. A
tract thirty miles long was swept by
the flames. ; ' -^
The fire started in the brush and
grass several miles from the ranch and
because of the high wind that prevailed
yesterday along the . coast the flames
were driven along the coast for sev
eral miles, finally reaching the Malibu
ranch. All efforts to check the progress
of the fire were unavailing.
Mr. Rindge is absent from the city,
but his attorneys said to-day that de
tails of the disastrous fire are lacking.
From reports reccelved here, however,
it. appears that the ranch was ewept
from end to end. T ;.." ;
Malibu Property in Ven
tura Lost in the
Flames.
FIRE DESTROYS
NOTED RANCH
Perhaps you should not play poker, but
if : you do we have ; the cards and chips,
loose, or put up:in elegant cases, that will
make -the" game^a pleasure; -also' plain
and- fancy -dicer game '--counters, • tally
cards, etc. Sanborn, Vail & Co. •
OAKLAND, Dec. 5— The Young
Phoenix ball team of St. Mary's Col
lege defeated the Western team of San
Francisco to-day. This j team Is made
up. of players from the Lowell and Mis
sion high schools, the Lick, the Poly r
technlc and Sacred Heart College. The
game was interesting and well played.
The ¦ battery work .of Thompson and
Burke, was brilliant, as was the fielding
of Favor of the Mission High School.
Victory for Young Fhoenix Nine.
NEW YORK, Dec. 5.— Arrangements
are under way looking to a boxing con
test-between James J. Jeffries and
Henry J. Placke of Amsterdam, Hol
land, who claims to be the cham
pion of ; tho Continent. Placke has
sent forfeit to' this city, to
support^ a* challenge. Billy Delaney,
Jeffries' manager, has signified his will
ingness to negotiate a match. Placke
is 33 years old, is six feet and one-half
inch tall and weighs 252 pounds. He
claims that he is backed by -members
of the, Netherlands; nobility, whom he
has ; taught to ' box.
Flacke "Wants „ to Fight Jeffries.
Stroud, center; Overall, right guard;
Stow, left guard; Heitmuller, right
tackle; Howard, left tackier Hudson,
right end; Demeritt, left end; More,
quarter; Snedigar, right half; Mini,
left half;. Force, full; -with Oliver,
Read, Elliott, Booth, Kittrelle, Whip
ple, Stern, Risley and Muther as sub
stitutes. ;•'.' '¦
> The men are all, in fairly: good con
dition, "so that, hard training will not
be necessary. until • a week ¦ or ' two • be
fore the game. ¦'¦ Practice will begin,
however, at once/- f\- :
Football' in the Northwest.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 5;— The Uni
versity of Washington defeated Mult
nomah to-day by a score of 6 to 0. '•
against Stanford, with the exception
that Snedigar will go in as right half
back in place of "Jack" Whipple and
Force will play fullback instead of
Stern. All the men say they are will
ing to play, and they are eager to get
.into training harness again. .There
,was a rumor about' that Heitmuller,
who . saved his eleven In the game'
against Stanford, did not care to give
up, his vacation and train, but Heit
muller says he! will play.
Coach "Jim" Whipple is ' authority
for. the statement that Force and
"Snedigar will } go in as one of the
backs.' He gives as his reason for this
proposed change the good showing
these men made in the Stanford game.
The line-up 'of the men then will: be
as follows: f- : -'l *'-%Kt ; . ...
• BERKELEY, " Dec. ' 5.— Manager
Ezra Decoto of the University of Cal
ifornia received a telegram to-day
from Manager E. D. Barnard of the
University of. Minnesota promising to
play the California eleven on New
Year's day in San Francisco. The
Minnesota manager agreed to all the
terms proposed by the California
manager and now both sides can go
ahead with their^. preparations ¦ with
the full assurance that there will be
a midwinter game.
Manager Decoto estimates that it
will cost at least $6000 to bring the
Eastern eleven but here and play it a
game. The game will have to draw,
that much money, and a good deal
more, probably, before California will
realize anything out of its venture.
However, Decoto thinks thegame will
be a drawing card and that there will
be a good round sum realized for the
fund that has been started for a new
football field on the university cam
pus. . ' '
This will have been the second
Eastern team that California has
brought to the coast.. In 1899,- when
the State University had the best team
in the history of California football,
the Carlisle Indians, who < were - that
year at their, best, came to the coast.
The game was played in San.Fran
cisco in the presence of an immense
crowd, the contest ending with a score
of 2 to 0 in favor of Carlisle.
The Minnesota eleven this year i3
the best that university has turned
out. It has ' won all but one ,'of its
games, having lost to the University
of Chicago. It played a 6 to 6 tie
with the University of Michigan,
which ranks among the foremost
elevens in the Middle ; West. There
will be twenty men in the squad that
Minnesota will bring to California.
None of their names are known', to
Manager Decoto. . N
California will ' be represented; by
the same men. who : played with the
eleven In the intercollegiate contest
Will Meet the Blue and Gold Team
on Richmond Field on New
Year's Day.
TJNIVEBSITY OP MINNESOTA
ELEVEN TO PLAY HEBE
Shaw of Stanford refereed the game,
which consisted of two halves of twen
ty minutes each.
BERKELEY. Dec. 5.— The first of a
series of intercollegiate' freshman bas
ket-ball games was played in Harmon
Hall this evening and was won by'- Cal
if ornia by a score of 22 to Stanford's
13. The line-up was as follows: Cali
fornia—Forwards, Horton and Wherry;
center; Bush; guards, Marshall Gross
and Egenhoss. Stanford— Forwards.
Pressley and West;, center, Redman;
guards, Dole. Stearns and Chalmers.
Defeats 'the Stanford Team '• by a
Score of Twenty-Two to
Thirteen.
selling number, went to Harry . Beck.
The St. Louis horse was a stranger
here, but, well handled by Jack Mar
tin and 8 and 10 to 1 in the betting,
came from behind, disposing of El
Oriente, .the favorite, by two lengths.
James J. Corbett took the show.
BASKET-BALL MATCH
IS WON" BY BEHKELEY
CHICAGO, Dec. 5.— The averages of
the American League : players for 'ist
season were made public to-day by Ban
Johnson. The teams' averages are ap
pended: • ,
Batting— Farrell, Boston/ 404; Lajoie,
Cleveland, 355; Delehanty, Washington,
3S8;' Altrock, Chicago, . 333; Crawford,
Detroit, 332; Dougherty, Boston, 332;
Hlckman,' Cleveland, 330; Young, Bos
ton, 330; Keeler, New York, 318; Orth,
Washington," 318. .
Pitchers— Moore, Cleveland, • 759;
Young, Boston, 757; Hughes, Boston,
750; Bernhard, Cleveland, 737; Dineen,
Boston, 656;'Howell, New York, 625;
Plank, Philadelphia, 590; Sudhoff. St.
Louis, 583; Chesbro, New York,, 583;
Griffith, New York, 583.
Outfielders— Jones, Chicago, 988;
Ryan, Washington, 980; Gessler, De
troit, 974; Hartsel,' Philadelphia, 968;
Pickertng, Philadelphia, 966.
First basemen— Anderson, St. Lo#s,
987; La Chance, Boston, 986; Gansel,
New York. 986; Isbell, Chicago, 985;
Carr, Detroit, 984., . , •
- Second basemen— McCormick, Wash
ington. 964; Long, Detroit, 961; Will
iams, New York, 960; Lajoie, Cleveland,
957; Padden, St. Louia. 955.
Shortstops— Moran, Washington, 946;
Parent, Boston, 934; M. Cross, Philadel
phia, 934; Wallace, St. Louis, 923; El
berfleld, New York, 928.
Third basemen— L. Cross, Philadel
phia, 954; Coughlln, Washington,. 952;
Courtney, Detroit, 947; Collins, Boston,
943; Hill, St. Louis, 929.
Catchers-^O'Connor, New .York, 988;
Sullivan, Chicago, 987; McAllister, De
troit, 983; Bemls, Cleveland,' 9S2; Pow
ers, Philadelphia, 980.
Farrell of Boston Leads the Other
Stickers "With, the High
! ; Average of 404.
LAJOIE IS SECOND
AMONG THE BATSMEN
William Page, who was a crack
player several years ago, has taken up
the game again. He is fast getting
back into his old form and made Her
bert Long play his best to beat him.
G. : W. Burnett caused quite a surprise
by. beating Dr. Lovegrove in straight
sets; V - • .
The following matches were played:
Dr. Lovegrove beat Daniel Volk
mann 6-4; Herbert Gray beat W. Mur
phy 6-4, 4-6, 6-3, 6-4; G. W. Burnett
beat Dr. Lovegrove 6-4, 6-3; Herbert
Long beat William Page -7-5, 7-5;
Harry Rolfe ' and Herbert Schmidt
tied Frank Stringham and Sidney Sal
isbury 6-2, 3-6, 6-4, 3-6. 4-4; Harold
Gabriel tied B. Spring 6-4, 4-6; Dr. No
ble and H. E. Punnett beat Dr. Love
grove and G. W. Burnett 7-5, 8-6;
Harry McAfee and Glenn * Cogwill
were, beaten by Tom Buckley and
Clarence Payne 6-4; Miss J. Wright
tied WV Volkmann 6-6 and beat D.
Volkmann 6-4; Miss Marion Wright
and Sidney Smith beat Miss Elsa Dra
per and G^Law 6-3; Miss Draper and
Smith beat' Miss Wright and Law 7-5;
W. Volkmann (30) beat Robert Drol
la 6-3, 6-4; Cogwill beat McAfee 6-4;
Smith- tied Miss M. Wright 6-3, 4-6;
Gould arid B. Wallace beat Buckley
and Payne 6-4, 4-6, 7-5; McAfee beat
Miss MacGavin 6-4, 6-3.
Club were in great demand throughout
yesterday. In the' morning many of
the 'fair racket wlelders figured in some
exciting mixed doubles and singles
matches. Miss Jeannette Wright car
ried off the honors.. Her knowledge of
the game, is somewhat limited, but her
style is good and with a little practice
she should develop a first-class player.
Miss Wright beat Daniel Volkmann and
tied William" Volkmann.
| In mixed doubles Miss Marion Wright
and Sidney Smith proved too strong
for Miss Elsa Draper and O. Law. Miss
Draper, • with Smith as a partner, took
a set rather easily from Miss Wright
and Law. • ,In singles Harry McAfee
won two sets from Miss Dolly Mac-
Gavin. - .
In the afternoon many good practice
matches were played. The feature was
a doubles between Frank Stringham
and Sidney Salisbury and Herbert
Schmidt and Harry Rolfel The former
were considered somewhat stronger
than their, opponents, but Schmidt and
Rolfe, by careful, steady play, man
aged to make a tie of the match. When
darkness put a stop to play, each had
won two sets and the fifth stood 4-4.
Another doubles match that was close
and exciting was between Dr. Noble
and H.E. Punnett and Dr. Lovegrove
and G. W. Burnett. Punnett was a
trifle stronger than the other three and
he and his partner won two close sets.
The courts of the California Tennis
Schmidt, Rolfe, Stringham
arid Salisbury Meet in
Doubles.
California Club Players
Figure in Exciting
' Matches.
TENNIS COURTS
ARE THRONGED
THE SAN RRANCiSCO: CALL, SUNDAY. DECEMBER 6, ¦. 3903.
SAN- FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
36
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENT 3.
Germ Infected Air. . fljl
Malaria is not confined exclusively to the swamps v|ilM*M
and marshy regions of the country, but wherever there is
bad air this insidious foe to health is found. Poisonous I'wl^l •
vapors and gases from sewers, and the musty air of damp rS-e»s^]
cellars are laden with the germs of this miserable disease, g^aS^i
which are breathed into the lungs and taken up by the 111^11 >-'
blood and transmitted to every part of the body. Then . m&MiM
you begin to feel out of sorts without ever suspecting the "y^ffiaJ
cause. No energy or appetite, dull headaches, sleepy and wf^^
tired and completely fagged out from the slightest exer- Lp '$imh
tioa, are some of the deplorable effects of this enfeebling H^r \ft
malady. As the disease progresses and the blood becomes \*
more deeply poisoned, boils and abscesses and dark or tiS^gjt&M — \
yellow spots appear upon the skin. When the poison is .^SJ«*r3£^afcJa
left to ferment and the microbes and germs to multiply in \—^T
the blood, Liver and Kidney troubles and other serious complications often
arise. As Malaria begins and develops in the blood, the treatment to be
Si , —^ effective must begin there too. S. S. S. destroys
/^-^ lO^ *k e germs and poisons and purifies the polluted
V^>^ blood, and under its tonic effect the debilitated
O J t^V constitution rapidly recuperates and the system 13
v *— S v *— * soon clear of all signs of this depressing disease.
S. S. S. is a guaranteed purely vegetable remedy,' mild, pleasant and
harmless. Write us if you want medical advice or any special informa-
tion about your case. This will cost you nothing. "
THE SY/IFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA.
ftHDMBttHMMfeMtiAMcHPh. k. *«.-*_-. ipi him ti 1 II' <'h ¦ flu i'injiiihii lit* i **
HAVANA CIGARS
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
The I
i Wrecking the system at the flood tide 1 j
I of its vigor, Ravager Alcohol, the King J
I of Pirates, scuttles the noble craft of |
| manhood and hurls it against the
1 5 a 2g e d rocks of misery where it is
I crushed, and the stranded hulk of
| the once gallant ship lies a pitiful f
fj example to humanity's fleet J j
B My treatment lor the Liquor Habit is the only scientific evre lor I
H the disease ol Alcoholism that is absolutely sale, permanent and I
I sure. It was established by me fourteen years ago, aud during I
1 this period It has saved 13,000 drinKing men Irom the curse ol the j
fi drinK disease. There is no case o! Alcoholism that I cannot per- | |
M Icctly and permanently cure in 3 days. ......... \J
I DR. J. J. McKANNA !]
B 14 GEARY STREET SAN FRANCISCO j 1
B **- Telephone Main 1037. fci
B The Original and Only Three-Day Cure for the Liquor Habit, j-.'-x
|| Open Day, Night and Sundays. li|
|3 Sanitariums— Chicago. 111.; Kansas City, Mo.; Oklahoma City, j|j
B O. T.; Des Moines. la.; Seattle, Wash. " . ..; -^ j ffl
M Dr. McKanna's Book on Alcoholism Sent on Request. 1 mIrene Greye, who resides at 149 Tay
lor street; coyly acknowledged to Judge*
Mogan that . she had loved I Ferdinand
Rollender, i ex-soldier and " stellar pitchy
er • for < an : amateur, baseball club, until
he Imposed upon her affection^ for him
by treatlrier-her with . unmerited harsh
ness. Then, she declared, her love
Gustave Marx,- an old soldier, re
siding: wlth\. his wife at- 3034 Fulton
street, '. invited . a comrade^ veteran
named! Th'omasHihes ito.'spend Friday
riight'iat his house, and as a result of
accepting v the invitation Hines Is "con
fined: to" his home. 1807 Halght stree t,
with. a badly cut head and Marx is
accused of assaulting him with a
heavy kerosene 'lamp. \';
. Judge ".Cabaniss .heard , the facts . of
the case > yesterday morning ; and : con
sidered ; them~. 'sufficiently ;* serioTus^ to
warrant him 1 in holding; Marx for trial
until" Hiries is able Tto appear' and-tes-
It looks as: if; Philip Kelly. of 31 8*4
Hampshire .street, who went to the
Hall of Justice, a few nights ago and
said he had- attempted to murder his
wife by stabbing her, will be vigorous
ly prosecuted after.; all. The injured
woman at first refused to enter, com
plaint against. her; husband,. but yes
terday, she 'appeared in Judge Mo
gan's • court and caused some . surprise
by ¦ voluntarily swearing he had tried
to k-Hl'her. The' hearing has been set
for to-morrow.
Amos Jones, proprietor of an El
lis-street apartment-house, was the
defendant in an assault and battery
case heard and continued by Judge
Mogan. The complainant was H.
Stecker, who manages a ladies' tail
oring shop at 459 Clementina street.
Mr. Stecker's story was to the ef
fect that he had . delivered to one of
Mr. Jones' roomers, a lady named
Gladys, a coat, and that after receiv
ing one installment of the price of the
garment he had been unable to find
Gladys to collect any more, although
he visited the hostelry in which'she
dwelt early, late and often every day.
He was obstructed by the elevator
man and other attaches of the house,
who evidently were ; not. in sympathy
with his quest, and when he called at
midnight Friday he was forcibly eject
ed from the place and severely pum
meled by the defendants
'For the defense it was urged that
Mr. Stecker was Ro persistent in his
pursuit of the elusive Gladys that he
annoyed the management of the hotel,
and that- he was not ejected until , he
had ' frequently been .requested to re
tire. - Furthermore, Mr. Jones assev
erated that in the process of escorting
Mr. Stecker to the sidewalk he had re
ceived sundry Bevere punches from the
fist of that person, . which fact, he
thought. . should be taken Into consid
eration by the Court. ' . ; ,
Gladys was called for, but did not
appear, . and the Jones ' forces smiled
significantly and apparently treated the
lady as a myth born and ¦urturedin
the brain of the complaining ; wltness.
The case was taken under advisement:
All restaurateurs accused of selling
liquor without license were dismissed
yesterday by Judge Fritz, three test
cases having fallen through for lack
of evidence sufficient to warrant con
viction. . • ;£££•
There were about a score of these
cases on the docket, the defendants
being keepers of small restaurants in
the Latin and Slavonian quarters, and
each of them demanded a jury trial.
The prosecuting testimony in the test
cases was submitted by policemen,
who ¦ had donned plain clothes and,
accompanied In ; each instance by a
woman, endeavored to purchase
drinks .from the defendants without
ordering, food at the same time. "'¦' In
each case the jury seemed to think
that a caterer should, be allowed to
supply his customers with liquid ap
petizers before they ; order solids.
At any rate, the prospect of secur
ing a single conviction appeared to
be so" remote that the. prosecuting at
torney suggested, dismissal of the en
tire bunch of ¦complaints.
1 MaryH. Mann's saloon is no longer
a refuge for the blbulously inclined
youth . of Silver street and neighbor
hood. Mrs. Mann paid a fine of 520 yes
terday and solemnly promised Judge
Mogan that she will forever abstain
from dispensing Intoxicants to minors.
Her former dispensary is closed.
After several postponements the
final match of the Scottish bowling
tournament was played yesterday a/
ternoon at Golden Gate Park. J. C.
Moffatt carried off the honors and is
the champion. James Gray was his
opponent and he worked hard to win.
Moffatt was steadier at critical ' mo
ments and ¦vt'on out by a small margin.
.. The ;"frlatch- was close from start to
finish and the outcome was in doubt
until -the ei\d. Both players were
rather nervous at the start, but this
soon wore off and some great bowling
was done toward the" end. The score
in Moffatt.'s favor was 21 to 18.
Some good practice matches were
played. J. C. Moffatt and A. Fore
man played a close game with M.
Crowe and Joseph Gray, the score be
ing 21. to 20.
In a match with three on a side
Crowe, Gray and A. Wood were .beat
en by R. Dalziel, J.' Duncan and Dr.
Gunn, 21 to 20. H. Tickner and G. C.
Patterson beat J. McLachlan and
McBean 21 to 16. -J— Elder and T.
Aiken beat J. T. Dare and George
Center 21 to 10.
tify. For the -defense it was pleaded
that Hlnes indulged in conduct that
fully justified Marx^ in hurling '. the
lamp at his head.
Fireman "William Gernandt disap
pointed some of the wiseacres in Mo
gan's court yesterday when he appear
ed in response to the bench warrant
issued for him the previous day. He
wasyout on $20, bail pending examina
tion on a charge of tolerating ill-treat
ment of his young daughter by her
mother, and when he failed to appear
at the appointed time it was freely
opined he had forfeited his bond and
left the. city. In of his
absence . on that occasion he yester
day'informed' thp court that ! he J was
compelled to be on duty at the engine
house. w
Gernandt's wife, a chronic invalid,
is. alleged to have abused her little
girl lay striking .her savagely with ; &
potato masher and' sticking the scis
sors points in her head while cutting
her hair. The: husband and father
pleads ignorance of the ill-treatment.
Six previous charges of petty larceny
have been resurrected and will be're
ferred to by Judge Mogan to-morrow
when he passes sentence on Lawrence
V. Hill, a hotel bellboy, who has been
convicted of having stolen an overcoat
belonging to A. W. Moore. Hill is about
23 years of age, and his punishment
will be - imprisonment in the ' County
Jail. «:f"
The parties will reappear in court
to-morrow and be Informed of what
the Judge thinks of their respective
sides or the case.
According to the story told by Mrs.
Flynn, her husband has been in the
habit of getting drunk twice a week,
and while influenced by Bacchus he
has regularly chastised her with a
broomstick, smiting her upon the
head and arms with the implement.
Mr. Flynn, on the other hand, swore
that he was never first to introduce
the broomstick as a medium of en
forcing domestic discipline, but while
defending himself from his helpmeet's
attacks he may have acidentally
"jabbed" her with the unmufflled end
of it. He cited one instance in which
Mrs. Flynn figured as deliberately
pouring hot tea upon his neck as he
sat awaiting his vesper- meal. Mrs.
Flynn acknowledged the scalding, but
averred it was accidental, as Mr.
Flynn, with the recklessness of intox
ication, had swung his arm and
struck the hand in which she clutched
the teapot.
A tale of marital discord was next
unfolded in Mogan's court; the prin
cipal narrators being Mrs. Frank
Flynn and her husband, who dwell in
infelicity at 8^ Federal street. Mr.
Flynn Is a longshoreman', and his
wife supervises his domestic establish
ment.
He Defeats Gray in the
Final Tournament
Game.
Mayor Schmitz yesterday sent a
communication in reply to one sent
by the Merchants' Asosciation that
fteps be taken to collect the shortage
of JSOOO in the accounts of VT. H. J.
White, the defaulting cashier of the
Board of Works. The Mayor states
that the necessary preliminary steps
have been taken for the* recovery of
the deficit and that action will be fn-
Ftltuted in due time.
Shortage to Be Collected.
Police Judge Conlan was indisposed
yesterday and the morning session of
his court was presided over by his
Honor Judge Cabaniss.
Among the culprits who faced the
substitute Judge was Conrad Keith, a
BOWLING HONORS
GO TO MOFFATT
Such was the strained relationship
between Ferdinand and Irene when he
forced an entrance to her boudoir Fri
day night and importuned her to bury
the hatchet. She, haughtily declined to
participate in the proposed Interment,
and -in disappointed rage Ferdinand
struck here uoon the right eye, discol
oring that erstwhile bright organ, and
systematically proceeded- to. inflict fur
ther bodily injury,, when her cries at
tracted the attention of Miss Ellen
Cowen, occupying an adjoining apart
ment, who heroically flew to her aid.
Instead of staying the punitive fist of
Ferdinand, however, Miss Cowen re
ceived it on her face, and the enraged
athlete had both ladies literally "down
and out" before he ceased his attack.
Against the name of Ferdinand Rol
lender on the Police Court docket are
inscribed three separate charges. . Miss
Gre.ye accuses him of assault and bat
tery and disturbing the peace, and Miss
Cowen Is the complainant in another
battery charge. The case'was put over
till to-morrow. '. :V.. .-
turned to aversion and she retailiated
in kind.
Witnesses corroborated Mrs. Flores'
charge, and Flores was pronounced
guilty and remanded till Monday for
sentence. ". -:;U .-. \
Silvano Flores, a Mexican sea cook,
made his seventh consecutive appear
ance in the Police Court yesterday,
with his wife as complainant. She tes
tified through the agency of an inter
preter that her husband has .a pen
chant for celebrating his returna from
sea by loving her 'dearly a day or two
and then radically changing that mari
tal policy to one of cruelty and coer
cion. The specific charge against him
yesterday was threatening to kill her.
The defendant stood before the bench
and bombarded its occupant with flat
denials uttered in fractured English,
and while his wife was testifying he
frequently scowled at. her and said
something in his native patois.
Mr. Donaldson evaded the issue by
declaring he could get the best cit
izens ,of San Lorenzo to testify that
his character in that thriving town is
above reproach.
"Well, there will be room for them
here next Monday," said the court,
"until which date your case is con
tinued."
Stewart Donaldson of- San Lorenzo
went to an O'Farrell-street playhouse
Friday evening and disturbed the peace
to such an extent that a>policeman
was called in to remove him. W.hile
escorting Stewart to the exterior the
policeman discreetly "searched his
pistol pocket and was rewarded by
finding therein a fully loaded revolver.
So carrying a concealed weapon was
added to the charge of "drunk and
disorderly", originally intended" by Mr.
Donaldson's captor.
"What do you mean by raising a row
in a theater and carrying such a mur
derous looking arrangement as that?"
quoth Judge Mogan to Mr. Donaldson,
and pointing with censorious digit at
the big pistol.
"Weel, yer Honair," was the reply,
"I was a wee -bit fu\ an* didna ken
wheer I was or what I was daen*!"
"Hoot, mon!" retorted the court,
"you ought to be ashamed of yourself.
A combination of drunken man and
loaded revolver is bad at any time or
"place or under any circumstances, and
in a crowded playhouse it is positively
a public danger. I suppose if the act
ing on the stage — or stages, for you
must have seen more than one — had
not been satisfactory you would have
unllmbered your artillery and taken a
shot or two at the offending mummer
or mummers? You ought to be thank
ful that you were removed before your
appreciation of histrionic worth was
shocked."
Open ftake. first r*und — Free Bern beat En
core. 19-8; Fenii beat Topsy Turvy 10-8; Lulu
Cirl beat Vina, 19-4; Firm Fellow beat Menlo
Prince. 4-3; Trale* Maid beat Ooverdalc 5-4;
Hose Tree beat HUrh Born. 9-(i; Mount" Ross
beat Slievenamon, 7-0; Laugrhlnc Water beat
JirllliEncy. £0-9; Harlean Gladys beat Roy
Hughie. t>-2; Money Musk beat Otto. 7-3;
Cloudburst beat Redwood Lad. 15-«: Colored
Lady btat Ruby Sankey. S-<; Lady Menlo beat
Maid of the Glrn. 10-0; Marpartt beat Little
Lucy. I2-S; Don Pedro beat Miss Green 12-0;
Tralee Lass beat Good Decision 17-5; Recce i
Actor beat Idleness. 5-O; Beauty Gold beat
Loretta 11-9; Pasha Pleasant beat Flaunt. 7-3-
Idaho Boy beat Mountain Poet. 21-7; Dorothy
M beat Toronto. 3-2; Mollle Me beat Cremo
7-5; Manru beat Pepper Jack. 14-5; Prometheus
beat Orsina. 12-7; Gold Lllyibeat Jimmy An
thony, .-4; Mark Twain beat Comique. 3-2:
Pure Pearl t*rat Doc Burns 11-6: Haphazard
wat MelMnwood. 15-5; Jerry Wright beat
Lady Plnta, 7-1; Conroy beat Pikrr 11-4:
>ortiiern Alarm beat Comstock 6-4- Rock ar.d
Rye beat Youn* Fearless S-7: Special beat
Wedg-ewood. 12-7; Raby Aurora, beat Irish Lad
4-3; Queen's Motto beat Ininrton Tralee 4-3-
Bob H beat Tobaseo Bob. C-4: Lord Granard
beat Rag Time. 5-4; Remisso Anlmo beat Real
Duchess 9-S; Rockefeller beat Dear Carton,
•-•: Ouida beat Yellow. Ta'.l 10-4- Rich Ar
r«»5>- beat Texas Betty. 4-0; Uttle Plunger beat
Full Moon. 10-.; Luxury beat Yankee Boy.
7-r.; Concord Boy beat Maid of Gowrie 24-1° •
Fofala beat Glaucus. 7-4; Linda Visia beat
Lucky Shamrock. 19-7: Homer Boy beat Tom
Hurllck. 11-S: Black Coon beat Doreen. 7-4.
Relief dogs were much in evidence
during the running of the open stake
yesterday at Ingleside Coursing Park.
Save for one or two short trials, every
course was a lengthy one and many
went well over the time limit
The day's feature was the defeat of
Full Moon by Little Plunger. Full
Moon ruled a strong favorite, five and
Fix to one going into the boxes In big
bunches that he would be returned a
winner. :
The dogs were slipped to a hare that
had speed and stamina and they were
in pursuit for nearly three minutes.
With the help of relief dogs the course
?.as ended with the short-ender's col
ors showing.
Harlean Gladys, after a four months'
lay-off, took a trial and outpointed
ftoy Hughie. a one to two choice, in
0»sy style. She has more than a fight
tng: chance for the stake.
Tralee Maid, at six to one, won from
Cloverdale and several other short ends
upset the calculations of the talent. On
account of the heavy running In the
first round the experts found It hard
to figure the winner in to-day's finals.
Pasha Pleasant looks good, with So
fala. Mount Rose, Lady Menlo and
Harlean Gladys close by.
Following are the day's results with
Judge Thomas Tierney's official scores:
Fall Moon, a Strong 'Cho ice,
Is Outpointed by Little
Plunger.
Mesdames Rose Dunn and A. Dondero
flatly and emphatically contradicted
each other's testimony yesterday morn
ing while Police Judge Fritz -was try-
Ing to get at the facts of the assault
case in which the ladies were princi
pals. Mrs. Dondero had Mrs. Dunn ar
rested on a charge of attacking her
with a deadly weapon and incidentally
informing her that she was "a dirty
dago." and also that she was "full of
vino," all of which Mrs. Dunn posi
tively denied, and supplemented the de
nial with the" accusation that Mrs. Don
dero had hissed uncomplimentary allu
sions to her nationality, she (Mrs.
Dunn) being a native of the Emerald
Isle.
The ladieB reside in neighborly pro
pinquity at Mason and Greenwich
streets, but the evidence showed there
had been nothing neighborly about
their social relationship. Mrs. Dondero
averred that Mrs. Dunn seldom or nev
er neglected opportunity to hurl Insult
ing epithets at the Dondero household,
and on more than one occasion carried
her antagonism to the extent of in
flicting bodily injury upon representa
tive members thereof.
"She struck me over the head with a
pistol." swore Mrs! Dondero, "and as
saulted me with a bag containing a
school slate. More than that, she hired
small boys to follow me and whistle
derisively."
"She called me a dirty old Irish
thing," was Mrs. Dunn's plea, "and I
never struck her except in self-de
fense."
As the casus belli was not made clear
and as the court was not perfectly sat
isfied with that phase of the prose
cuting testimony relating to the use of
the pistol, the case went over till next
week. Each side of the controversy
has a swarm of witnesses on hand, and
the vicinage of Mason and Greenwich
streets will be depopulated during the
next hearing.
street sweeper, who had been sen
tenced to six months for petty lar
ceny, had nled an appeal and fur
nished a bond and had taken advan
tage of his liberty to visit and utter
deadly threats against one of the wit
nesses who had appeared against him.
During the examination of MrrKeith
it was revealed that while he pursues
the humblest vocation that man .can
follow, he is fairly reveling in wealth,
having about $20,000 In bank and per
sonal property galore. The police al
lege that his street-sweeping act is
merely a '.'blind" for his real business
of "fencing," which means receiving
and disposing of goods which more
courageous practitioners of crime have
stolen. A quantity of jewelry, watches,
cutlery and other articles of which he
could give no satisfactory account
were found in the man's abode when
the police • searched it for evidence in
the petty larceny case. •
Judge Cabaniss remanded the opu
lent Mr. Keith until Judge Conlan can
dispose of the latest charge against
him. ,-,, vjvy
Has Good Chance ( in
the Open Stake at
Ingleside.
Vicinity of Mason and Greenwich Streets Scene of
a Conflict Between Two Families, in Which the
Female Heads Seem to Bear Brunt of Battle
PASHA PLEASANT
LOOKS A WINNER
WOMEN WAGE NEIGHBORHOOD WAR
AND AIR GRIEVANCES IN COURT
ond, Buttons third. Time. 1:26 2-5.
Second race, six furlongs— Bill Curtis
won, Bronx second, Magic Flute third.
Time, 1:17 3-5.
Third race, steeplechase, about -two
and a half miles— Billy? Ray won, Gyp
sy second, Morrellton Chief third.
Time, 5:16. .
Carbuncle Is First in the Maximum
Stakes Over a Distance of
Threa- Miles.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 5.— The fall
meeting at Bennings closed to-day.
Results: -
First race, handicap, six and a half
furloncs— The Major won, Fustian sec-
SEASON'S .RACING ENDS
At the bennings tback
The competition for the Council's
cup for men of the San Francisco
Golf Club has progressed nearly to
the final round. The tie for the eighth
place between Charles Page, Leonard
Cheney, Rolla V. Watt and R. Gilman
Brown was decided yesterday after
noon. Leonard Cheney and Rolla V.
Watt defaulted and Charles Page beat
R. G. Brown one stroke on two holes.
The opening match play round re
sulted as follows: S. L. Abbot Jr.
beat H. A. Blackman 1 up on 19 holes;
J. W. Byrne won 5 up 4 to play from
Dr. T. G. McConkey; H. M.'Hoyt de
feated Dr. J. R. Clark 1 upon 20
holes, and Lieutenant J. S. Oyster
proved victorious over Charles Page
4 up and 3 to play. -
In the semi-final round J. W. Byrne
beat S. L. Abbot Jr. 2 up and won his
way into the final round. The match
between H. M. Hoyt and Lieutenant
J. S. Oyster will be played to-day and
the winner will be matched against J.
W. Byrne in the final round.
The course is in excellent condition,
having dried out, since the last rain
and having a good,. strong turf upon
it.- Inasmuch as the two players who
have already two victories to their
credit, H. C. Golcher and S. L. Ab
bot Jr., are out of, the present con
test the cup cannot be won outright
on this occasion. The trophy must
be won three times by one player be
fore becoming his property.
Page Wins Eighth Place
Among Golfers Who
Fifth race, handicap, mile and a, fur
long — Potheen won, Little Scout sec
ond, Ben Chance third. Time, 2:00 3-3.
Sixth race, selling, mile and a quar
ter — Airtight won, Trocadero second,
Slddons third. Time, 2:18 2-8.
Third race, one mile^ — Miss Anthrope
won, Wreath of Ivy second, Tom
Moore third. Time, 1:51.
Fourth race, the new St. Charles Ho
tel sweepstakes for two-year-olds, six
furlongs— Ralnland won. Exclamation
second. Morning Star third. Time
1:18 4-5.
Fourth race, the Maximum, three
miles — Carbuncle won, Circus sefcend,
River Pirate third. Time, 5:36 3-5.
Fifth race, seven furlongs — Wager
won, Tocsan second, Mary "Worth
third. Time, 1:23 2-5.
Sixth race, handicap, one mile and
forty yards — Duke of Kendal won. Ar
rah Gowan Becond, Wlreln third.
Time, 1:45.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec 5.— Crescent
City results: ; ?_
First race, selling, six furlongs— Lee
Dorsey won, Ivonia second, Marco
third. Time, 1:19 3-5.
Second race, six furlongs— Tioga won.
Belle Mahone second, Goody Two Shoes
third. Time, 1:20. ,
BYRNE TO PLAY
IN FINAL ROUND
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY.' DECEMBER (>. 1903.
37
ADVEBTISEMEirraL
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVHSTISE2IEXTS.
FOR THE HOLIDAYS
BUY SERVICEABLE GIFTS.
FOR "HER" FOR "HIM"
PLRE SILK VESTS FORM-FITTING UNDERWEAR
A KNITTED JACKET ......A DRESSY SWEATER
FOR THE BOYS & & C/\f\
STRIKING BAGS f \ jH i^d% A I
f OOTBALL GOODS S/1^4£^'
TENMS RACKETS * * j/vw^w^
ATHLETIC SUPPLIES KNITZJTING CO. <
rx c- * „ ,. 60 CEARf STEET
Open Saturdays till 10P.M. SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
J^a> THE MODERN SPECIFIC THAT PRODUCE* fWtgg.
Jm&^h BESUTY ahd f>s%
i^m ' STRENGTH! £ M
v^Jf vr Ertry m*n *nd woman wmnts to >w
"V/ possess these mnd there Is so .
«^ ty reason trftr they should not. . f
The crttt serra toelc std blood retsedy, piwdse* KUH m\ »% ¦ gpi BWBt g&.
pn t o"th r .°c tt^.: »;u n vt.'SK asfir^ T jl U I t T S
Hs^i.^irii th. a^.. «d (^u4 InDLtLlO
cootala a!l th* cletacsU of lUe. Pocidrcly .
CVRE KIOXEY AKD BLADDER TROUBLES, Rheummttsm, All Dlsetaea ottko Blood,
Bmckmcke, mad Iterrous Dy&pepBtm, Clemr tko Complexion mad Aid Digestion.
Sire you a rood appetite, renew life, cells ia jrouf and old. Ptrainently restore youthful
viror and ritality. They tone op the whole ¦yitem and mike yoo fee! like a new person.
No remedy In the world to equtl them. Take a few Nerran Tablets and note the wonder-
'- } in all uquid kioney and rheumatic remedies condemns them
its irncrantly compoonded remedy, conuinioc alcohol. »» ntsrly all liquid kidoey remedies
do srUl stimulate them so violently that an inflammation wUI be set up, and Instead of being
¦ce'tely lazy, the kidneys wili.become diseased. Alcohol contests the kidneys .with blood and
Tbere is oo alcohol la Nerran Tablets to Interfere with the femoral ot all barmiul sedi-
ment from the body. The Tablets soothe and heal the kidneys when they are irritated and
inflamed. Ttfey enre the kidney diseases that make yon dizzy, restless, sleepless and irritable:
that make yon pass water often dorlnr the day and Bitht: (bat canse rheumatism, catarrh of.
the bladder pain in the back, joints and mnsdes: that make your bead ache and cause indi-
rection, stomach and liver trouble and a sallow, yellow complexion.
2,'ervan Tablet Co., Chicago, JK. Dear Slrs:-I desire to inform yon that I bare taken
N'erran Tablets for Rhenmatism and Kidney trouble and think they are wonderful. Don't
belie»e they can be equalled for the cure of diseases they are intended to cure. .
My wife was troubled with Rheumatism, was in bed-aereral days. 1 bad her take your
remedy and in three days ahe was up and doinrher work and is now entirely well. We both
wi. h yon success. VerytnUy. A.
No matter bow many other remedies you msy bare tried and found useless, remember the
ereat modern remedy. Nerran Tablets, the peer of all remedies.
rnrr Ltberml Trlsl Pmckmge (Eaoagh to Do You Coot) WlU Be Sent to
S* K fc. C. Anyone Upoa Receipt ot 1 0c to Corer Mmll Expenses.
Every Jl box sold with guarantee to reload your money should they fall to do all we claim
for them. Sold and recommended by - - , - ¦
1 rcZOir DRUG COKPAITT'S 8T0BSS:
214 Kearay Street. Stockton and 0701X011 Streets.
Market Street and Van JTesa Avenue. Sixth Street, Corner Mission. I
513 asoatiromery Avesue. 400 Satter Street. BMJ^MUsWmBS
Valencia Street, cor. Twenty-Third. California and riltmore Streets.
frgig\A/E/\i< yv\EN
WJf*«gH DR. HALL'S nELVVIGOHATOU
U~l hu4J stcpa all losses and unnatural dls-
0 : ¦ ¦ M charges tn 24 ' hours: You (eel aa
RSI f^ improvement from tho first do»*.
f*»yl fTflli We have 10 much confldenca tn our
Us'iU ImJ treatment that we offer Five Hun-
(a<1 ?3 dred reward for any ca»« w« ema-
mS5!mm££m not cure This secret remedy care*
lost power. : nightly emissions. ¦ wasted orfmas.
varicocele, gleet, strictures, kidneys, fallta*
memory, drrins Is tba urine, sunorrho**, dis-
ease of the (xostats glands and all other terri-
ble effects of self-abuse or excesses, which lead]
on to consumption and death. Positively cares
the wont cases tn old or youn« of that mortify-
ing condition, quickness of tho discharge, anil
wanting to do. and you can't. Sent sealed, ti
per bottle, three bottles. $3. Guaranteed ta
CU Calf r or 'address orders HALI/3 MEDICAI.
INSTITUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland. Cm!.
Also for sal* *t 1OT3& M«H«t ft.. 8. T. Iia4
tor tm book,:-. •
Gifts m
IV EYE CLASSES <Ji{
\^j OPERA filiSSES LJ
I?? KODAKS fl.
gj, J And Other Useful ArHcfca.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
era ¦'"¦¦¦ r^^^^i^~^^^^^^^^p ie^^^^.i^
'$ Ills -»->| WnfUS*CO | i Z
': wj^mKKB^^m^ . A flessage to flcn Who Want Strength: W^
JflS^B^BHi^H^^^L T HAVE perfected a new Belt, better and stronger than I have ever made be-
1 fore, a belt which will transform the. weakest, puniest specimen of "half {?[]I[S
\ J£ man" into a perfect cyclone of strength, and I want every man to use it I want §^\§
(nililr SHHH a t e ?t case v Therefore, I offer $1000 in gold to any weak man who will use fL>k
illtUjlp m|BB^H^^11 s e^ under my direction for four months and then show by examination cf 4 ]Mu*\
"f^p BW|iil8™S^^§ an y reputable physician that he is not cured, sound and welL V{ilS|ly
Wfif^nHliHHl^H ' This is especially directed to men who have doctored for years without }T )$
llinir benefit.' I want men with Rheumatism, Pains in the Back, Weak Kidneys, fL^^
$r***%^r^^^BJMJ C^ a^ ca> Lumb.go, Varicocele, Prostatic Trouble (I cure by a new method), Lo- |[jjljf^
W Jl^^g^^^HP^ comotor Ataxi-, Torpid Liver, Indigestion and Dyspepsia. AH of these troubles
*%Tltlf r^siiilf n c^ ron^ c orm can cure w^ tn th\s new Belt, even after all othej treatments |T
JJIilll, WM^m nave failed- To every weak, debil tated man who wears this new Belt I give %nr#'
|T my free electric attachment for men. jljjf
f7^V»w__^§ This attachment is made for the purpose. of treating all special ailments of men. and assures s cure of all wzsts of ¦fr»ny_frt_ «. j||| f>
TlT 1^ early decay and debility. Its current is invigorating and wonderful .in power. ' ¦yjr \&
j\ \ If you can call, come and see me. and I will show you my new Belt and prove to'yoa that it is at vaaderfjil dcrice. You y W
\1 MUu f can fed the glowing current of life that flows into the weakened nerves. , I will show yon letters from ycer own rtfighhors fgTTnrg fcl
J»^ how: I cured them. I have over 50,000 testimonials in the past 21 years. V fll| s* ;
K If you can't call, write, and I will send a book describing my new method, with letters from many gi«UcfuI mat end «rwn-n v 111 I .
/•ihrrfl^ ** Toa write send this ad and I will send the book, scaled, free. Cut the ad out and act to-day. fill }
? \jl)IL NEVER SOLD INDRUa STORES OR BY AGENTS all
A i HP M C, N\r\ AI IfiHI IN OOiS MnrU&t Qft-AAi Above mii8 ' .=__ '•¦ wtmr#
Yh^-Jr L/I%« 1T1. W» i*lCl-*rVUVJl llLilll^ yi/U XTlctriVCL OirCCL, ban Francisco % ||| v
1 TlT] Offle« Bonn, 8 ». is. to 8 p. m. Snadays, 10 to 1. Seattla OfSce, 103 Columbia St. I103 Aayelsa, 1S3 STtrti. Sjrrtoir Str* 3T^ lljl
"mWE-AK MEN -CURED I
*¦ "^^S^^ -" " By Dr * 3iawxeace ' B Hew Perfected , • . "*" ' H
¦Jr. Vacuum Developer I
I AND IN VIGOR ATOR." It quickly restores Lo«t Strength or Wasted ||
.,.; j i ' - Vital Power and never falls to cure , Varicocele, Stricture. . Drains. t|
,1 I"' "Weakness. Impotence or Prostatlc, Troubles.-; It, positively develpoa and I!
.: l\ n. vitalizes Weak or Debilitated Orsans. thus restoring full youthful vigor, pi
/ ; 2 , I ~ CUBE GUARANTEED OB MONET BACK. .
£ iTKfc To ¦ pri>v« the ' marvelous . and positive merits '.of the. VACUUM ¦
; VF*£j TREATMENT you may take it on 10 days' trial and approval ABSO- ¦
- ¦•• LUTELT FREE. W« can back up every claim we make. • pi
.' ••'¦' -Call or write ' to-day • for 64-pago illustrated book No. 6. showing male system and. |l
explaining this wonderful,"; convenient and simple HOME TREATMENT. Sent plain, gj
. We' are' experienced physicians. Our treatment the best and our fees less than r
one-half those of other strictly reliable specialists. |J
CONSULTATION FREE and confidential at office or by mall. -lours, 9 a. m. to j
.' ¦ 0 p."m. • Sundays,. 10 a;m. to 1 p. ru. Open evenings. ||
NO MONET KEQXJXBED XHSTCXTm CURED. 0
HEi^i^XI-i; AP!F > liIANe& OO., |
6 OTARRELL ST., Near' Market, San franclsco. M
¦¦.¦¦¦ • '¦: -'. -, *• • .¦-. < • , - "- ¦ « - ¦¦ '*.•¦ ¦¦ ¦- -. ¦ I-.-/ ¦-.-¦•-,¦ --. .-• . ... ¦ ¦ ¦ »., ¦ '.-. ' . - . -. ... * nARMY TRANSPORT CROOK, WHICH. IS BEING PUT INTO CONDI
TION FOR ANY SERVICE TO "WHICH THE WAR DEPARTMENT
MIGHT ASSIGN HER.
TO ARRIVE.
Morements of Steamers.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day
I. e.; at noon ot the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich time.' J. C. BURNETT
Lieutenant U. S. N., In chargs
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San . Francisco, Cal
December 5.
day, except when there are but three tides a& ;
sometimes occurs. The heights sriven are in j
addition to the soundings of the United States 1
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — > '
sign precedes the height, and then the number i
given Is subtracted from the depth -given' by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower - low waters. . .
TO SAIL.
SUNDAY. DECEMBER 6.
Sun rises. 7:lt
Sun sets. . .-. ................; .•."...: . . 4 :50
Moon rises...: 7:12 p. m.
0 iTime| ITImej ITime ITlme*
£ f— I Ft I Ft — Ft Ft
.• |H \v{ |L WJ -|hW :|L,w| •--••:;
NOTE— In the above cxoosltlon- of the.tldes
the early morning tides are given In the ieft
hand column and . the successive . tides , of . the
day in the onicr of occurrence as to time: the
fourth ' time ¦ column gives the last tide of . the
C I 1.211 6.11 5:561 2.8 11:58 5.9 6:501—1.0
7 12:10, 6.1] 6:60," 2.9 12:50 5.7 7:38|— 0.8
8 I 2:5S| 127:50 -2.9 1:48 B.4 8:291—0.5
0 I 3:43 5.3 9:01 1 ..'-2.8 2:51 8.0 9:20j 0.0
It) I 4:32i 5.4!10:18I '2.6 4:05 4.6110:1c' 0.6
11 6:20| ;5.6ill:85 2.1 8:27| 4.2 ll:20|>l.l
Grain for Europe.
The French bark Canrobert was cleared on
Friday for Quecnstown for orders with 47.411
ctle barley, valued at $50,500, and 11,107 ctls
wheat, valued -at " 816.CC1. The bark also
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The barkentlne Tropic ' Bird will return to
Tahiti with general cargo.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The new Spreckels tujr Dauntless took her
first business trip to sea yesterday, and about
5 o'clock the Merchants' Exchange lookout at'
Point Lobos reported her coming in with a big.
square-rigger In tow.
Dauntless Takes Her First Tow.
The Kcsmos liner Abydos was released from
quarantln yesterday and docked at Union
street wharf No. 2. The Abydos encountered
heavy weather in the Straits of Magellan.
Abydos Is Released.
Vancouver Tug Ashore.
The tun Eecort of Vancouver was reported
yesterday stranded at Crofton. B. C. It was
thohght she could be floated with little diffi
culty.
The follpwinc rates of reinsurance on over
duo vessels were quoted yesterday: Derwent,
10 per cent: Lurlter. 35 per cent; Fifeshire, 65
per cent; Paris, 05 per cent; Falca, 20 per cent;
Mlchele Blanch!, 10 per cent; Thalia, 00 ! per
cent; La Bruyere, 30 per cent; Beechdale, 13,
per cent. • \
The Overdue List.
-The big laie-bullt freighter -Mlnnewaaka has
arrived safely at Delaware Breakwater from
this port. The Minnetonka, also homeward
bound from here, left Rio de Janeiro December
4 for New York. The American-Hawaiian
steamship Oresonian, bound here from Ntw
York,- arrived yesterday- at Coronel.
Big Freighters Reported.
Martin Stclri, a youth of 17 years, who re
sides with his parents at r>OT Grove street and
works for George' Spaulding & Co., 414 Clay
street, was probably., fatally Inured yesterday
through the breaking of a driving shaft at his
place of employment. One of his arms was
badly lacerated, his back bruised and In ad
dition to a scalp wound It is reared that the
boy's Ekull is fractured r.t the base. He was
taken to the Harbor 'Hospital, where every
thing possible was done for his Injuries.
Doctors Fear Fractured Skull.
Mitis Alice Melville, E. Swlnfort and wife,
n. Hoax and wife; J. W.. Hansen, .Mrs. R- 8.
Lopcry and four -children. K. • Pacheco. John
Jenkins. W. S. Rodgers, Mrs. G. Young. F.
Pearne and wife, Dr. E. S. Moulton, wife and
eon. Dr. A. B. Clairmont, Joe-Sousa. Pedro
Michel. F. Green. M. Cummlngs. P. PalllgeB,
A. P. Field, James Brown. F. W. Eaper, H.
Melville. J. Treharne. John , Horr. William
Mays, wife and five children, M. Galedos, N.
Paslnovltch, C. A. Waters and A. W.. Brown.
John Jenkins, United States Minister
: to Salvador, was a passenger on the
Newport, and F. Pearne, the Pacific
Mail Company's agent at Panama, is
returning to the isthmus on the liner.
In addition to thirty-three Chinese, the
liner carried passengers as follows: •
The Pacific Mail Company's steam
ship. Newport, Captain Saunders, sail
ed yesterday for Panama and way
ports.' She carried a rather light cargo,
but her cabins were crowded with pas
sengers. The Newport- left the dock
promptly at noon«and as usual looked
very smart and clean as she hauled
into the stream and straightened out
on her seaward course.
Pacific Mail Company's Smart Little Steamship Sails for Panama and Way
Ports— United States Minister to Salvador Leaves on Liner, Which
Also Has on Board Other People Well Known in Central America
NEWPORT CARRIES A LIGHT CARGO,
BUT TAKES AWAY MANY PASSENGERS
PAR19. Dec. 6.— The Matin this momlnx
states that Mme. Therese Humbert Is 111 «h»
Is said to be suffering from lnsomnl* and
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. Pier.
December 6. j
Xcwburg. .. OrayH Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Iaqua Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Rival....... Wlllapa Harbor.... 12 m Pier 20
S. Monica.. Los Angeles Ports.. 4 pm Pier 2
8. Rosa San Diego & Way. tt am Pier 11
Pomona.... Humboldt. 1:30 p Pier 8
December 7.
W. Kruger.. Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Bonita Newport & Way... 8 am Pier 11
Curacao.... Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Phoenix.... Mendocino City.... 1 pm Pier 13
December 8.
Samoa...... Los Angeles Ports.. 10 am Pier 2
O.LJndauer. Astoria & Portland 0 pm Pier 14
Chlco Coqullle River .... 6 pm Pier 2
Doc ember 9.
Arizonan. . . Xew York Pier 23
Columbia. .. Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pter 24
Spokane.... Humboldt ......... 1:30 p Pter 9
Coronado... Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 10
December 10. , ,{
Eureka. Humboldt..... 9 am Pier 13
Arctic Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
S. Barbara. Seattle & Olympia. 4 pm Pier 2
Ventura.... Sydney & Way.... 2 pm Pier 7
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma. 0 pm Pier 20
Arcata Coos B.-Pt. Orford. 12 m Pier 13
StateCal... San Diego ft Way. 8 am Pier 11
December 11.
Rainier..... Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
North Fork. Humboldt J . . . 5 pm Pier 20
Coos Bay... Ban Pedro & Way. 0 am Pier 11
December 12.
Pt Arena. . Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
China...... China & Japan.... 1 pin Pier 40
City Para... N. Y. via Panama 12 m Pier 40
Queen Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier I)
December 13.
Alliance.... Eureka A Coo* B.. 10 amlPlnr 18
December 14. | \ |
O. W. Elder Astoria & Portland. Ill am! Pier 24
December 15. . | | . '
San Pedro.. Humboldt ...v. ... i|10 amlPier 2
, . December 16. | : |
Sequoia Grays Harbor...... 4 pm Pier 10
, December 17. | J
Abydos..... Hamburg & Way.. 2 pm Pier 19
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier* 9
Centennial., & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
.:¦:¦'¦ FROM SEATTLE. -./.'-/ V'
¦Steamer. -' ''For ••<. ' Sails.
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Dec. 10
Cottage CIty.\ Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 11
Dolphin ...... Skagway & Way Ports . Dec 14
Al-Kl 8kagway& Way Ports. Dae 18
Santa Ana.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Dec 18
Farallon ."..":.. Skagway ft. Way Ports Dec. 17
Valencia. Skagway & Way Ports. [Dec 18
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
- • ¦ " ; Saturday, ! December 6.'
Stmr Gualala, Hansen, • 13 hours- from
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United Statoa Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Heights of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to: Ban Franclscp
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.' . •"¦• ""' .
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at tht
city front (Mission-street wharf) about 23 min
utes later than at Fort Point; the height of
tide is the same at both Places.
Lecture on "The Call of the Twentieth
• Century" Delivered Before .
United Moderns.
David Starr Jordan, president of the
Leland Stanford Jr. University, lec
tured last night on "The Call of the
Twentieth Century" at Elks' Hall, ,223
Sutter street. The lecture was . given
under the auspices of the United Mod
erns, San Francisco Lodge No. 133.
¦ Dr. Jordan talked of this century, the
kind of a century It was going to be;
what it was going to do for us; and the
kind of young men It wanted to do Its
work. He told of the capabilities that
this young man should possess; what
they must have in the character line
and the bad habits they" "must refrain
from acquiring. He said that this cen
tury would be a strenuous, complex
and democratic onel It would ask for
young men of the highest caliber to'aa
sist tt in its work.
Dr. Jordan also told of the means at
hand for this young man to obtain an
education . and equip himself for the '
Immense amount of work that will be
demanded of .! him. •' ,A
A literary . and musical . programme
followed the lecture.
DAVID STABB JOBDAN
SPEAKS AT ELXS> HALL
The steamer Newport ealled yesterday for
Panama and way ports with a sreneral mer
chandise cargo^ valued at $(8,357, and distrib
uted as follows! For Mexico. $7151: Central
America, $0702; Panamo, $1421; Colombia,
$611; New York, $21,214: Trinidad Island. fJtiK;
Germany, ?CIO4: England, $63S: Holland,
$1400; Belgium, $600. The leading exports
were as follows :
To Mexico— 101 flsks quicksilver, 22 pkgs
fresh fruit, 23 pkgs paste, 8 cs whisky, 14 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 10 bbls beer. 31 pKgs
potatoes. 3ti0 lbs butter, 35 pkgs cereals, 100
gals wine, 12 cs olives, 2 en canned eoods. 22
cs electrical supplies, 2 pkgs ammonia. 46 pkgs
sewing machines, 5 cs ammunition, 16 cs drugs
and sundries, 3 pkgg plumbing material.' '
To Central America— 188 bbls flour, 1075 gals
12 cs wine. 109 gals whisky, 360 lbs tea, 12S0
lbs dried fruit, 756 lbs raisins. 400 lbs spices.
490 lbs mrali, 3 cs mineral water, 2C bis fresh
fruit. 90 pkgs potatoes, 25 pkgs onions, 610
lbs ham and bacon, 10 pkgs groceries and pro
visions. 24 cs canned goods, 21 cs thread. 20.932
lbs tallow, 11,930 lbs cement. 17 pkgs' leather,
12 kegs nails S3 cs paints and oils. 50 cs coal
oil. 9 pkgs dry goods, 1. pkg machinery, 4 pes
steel. ' •
To Panama— 2CS5 gals wine. 60 cs salmon, 27
cs canned goods 4 cs drusrs. S bales brooms,
14 kegs white lead, 1 bale leather.
To Colombia— 90 bbls flour, 309 gals .wine, 2
pkgs potatoes and onions,. 20 cs salmon, 0 cs
canned goods. • . " : • , '. ¦¦ ¦ : .
To New York— 59,065 gals wine, 75 cs
canned salmon, 27,430 lbs dry hides, 17 pkgs
herbs. 2 pkgs machinery. 40 bales rags. >
To Trinidad Island — SO cs canned fruit and
16 cs canned salmon. -
To Germany— 123.061 lbs dried prunes. 31,000
lbs 1 cs dried pears. 44- cs canned goods.
To England — 11.464 lbs dried fruit, 250 lbs
raisins, 8 c* grape juice, '1 cs honey.
To Holland — 45,329 lbs dried prunes.
To Belzlum— 20,001 lbs dried prunes.
Exports by the Panama Steamer.
The bark Kaiulanl was cleared for Honolulu
yesterday with an assorted merchandise cargo,
valued at $62,C42, and Including: the following:
1550 bbls flour. 140 ctls wheat. 2949 ctls barley.
14.058 lbs beans, 140.170 lbs bran. 75,098 lbs
middlings, 22.400 lbs sugar. 22,800 lbs salt. 103
ctls oats, 1000 bales hay, 1900 lbs meals, 1125
lbs peas, 812 ctls corn. 15,774 gals 100 cs wine,
1172 cs assorted canned goods, 1500 cs canned
75 bbls pickled salmon, 75 bxs paste. 750 lb*
hops. 17,150 lbs lard. 17 cs prepared fish. 76
cs whlrky. 40 cs mineral water, 1675 gals vin
egar, 1010 lbs dried fruit, COO lbs raisins, 142
cs table preparations, 26,«93 lbs castor beans.
15,4as lbs bread. 225 gals alcohol. 60' pkgs
matches. 2813 lbs .190 pkgs tobacco. 1850 bxs
soap, 16,345 lbs soda, 2 bdls. brooms, 23 pkg*
dry goods, C cs arms and ammunition,- 5 pkgs
wagon material. 300 cs powder, 10 coils rop«,
75 pkgs paints and oils, 1 cs hats, 43 bdls
shocks.
Merchandise for Honolulu.
Steamer. From. | Due.
M. Dollar Portland & Astoria Dec. 6
Leelanaw Tacoma Dec. «
S.Monica Grays Harbor Dec 6
Columbia..... Portland & Astoria Dec. 6
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma .... Dec 6
¦ 'Wyefield Nanaimo .-. .Dec 7
Chehalls Grays Harbor.... 7
Arctic Humboldt Dec. 7
W. Kruger. . . Tacoma .-. Dee. 7
Spokane < Humboldt Dec. 7
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom Dec. 7'
State of Cal. San Diego & Way Ports Dec. 7
Aztec Tacoma Dec 8
Czarina Coos Bay |Dec. b
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford|Dec »
North Fork... Humboldt |Dec. 6
Queen Puget Sound Ports.... |D<>c 8
Coos Bay San Pedro &. Way PortslDec. 8
Eureka Humboldt IDec. 8
Coronaao Grays Harbor IDec. - a
5. Barbara. . . San Pedro |Dec. 10
Pomona Humboldt ...... ....... Dec 10
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena.|Dec. 10
6. Rosa San Diego & Way Pts.jDec. 10
San Jose..... New York via Panajna-IDec. 10
G W. Elder.. Portland &. Astoria.... Dec. 11
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Dec. 11
Bonita Newport & Way Ports.. Dec. 12
Doric....,...- China & Japan Deo. 12
San Pedro.... Grays Harbor .'. |Dec. l'J
Senator Puget Sound Ports |Dec. li
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma..... Dec 13
Centralia Grays Harbor Dec 13
Serbia.. Hamburg & Way Ports Dec 14
Nevadan Honolulu*. Dec. 14
Sequoia Grays Harbor |Dee. 14
Alameda..... Honolulu Dec. 15
Barracouta. . . New York via Panama. IDec. 16
Columbia... .". Portland & Astoria.... [Dec. 16
G W McNear.
Bark Kalulani, Colby, Honolulu; Williams,
Dlmond & Co.
*-.*£* SAILED..
Saturday, December 3.
Stmr 'Eureka, Jess,en, Eureka.
Stmr Fulton, Lee, Port Los Angeles.
ftmr Montara. Rellly, Seattle. • * .
Stmr Newiiort, Saunders. Panama. > *'
Stmr Edith, Hall, Seattle.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Badger. ' Seattle.
Stmr. Robert Dollar, Johnson, Portland.
Stmr Point Arena. Miller. Mendocino.
Stmr Despatch, Lnvinson. Portland.
Nor stmr Tellus, Arntzen, Ladysmith. .
; Fr bark Canrobert, Bidon, Queenstown.
Nor bark Arabia, Nelson. Fremantle.
Schr Berwick, Petersen, Coqullle River. !
Schr Alice Cooke. Penhallow, Honolulu.
Schr Lily, Bottger, Umpqua,
SPOKEN.
Nov 18. lat 8 N, Ion 28 W, Ger ship Sylph
ide, hence Auk 4, for Hull.
Dec 1. lat 18 N, Ion 33 W, Br ship Oran
asla, hence Aug 13, for Antwerp.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Dec 5. 10 p m— Weather
bary; wind NE, velocity 12 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FARALLONE ISLANDS— Passed Dec ¦:&—
Schr Argus, from Astoria, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Sailed Dec 4— Stmr Columbia, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Dec 4 — Stmr Alliance* from San
Francisco, via Eureka and Coos Bay. Dec 5 — .
Br stmr Lothian, hence Deo 2.
Sailed Dec 5— Schr W F Jewett. for Re
dondo; stmr Homer, for Grays Harbor.
Arrived Dec 5 — Br ship Glenesalin. from
East London. ' ¦
' REDONDO — Arrived Dec 6 — Schr John F
Miller, from Grays Harbor; schr. Azalea, from'
Eureka: stmr Prentlss. hence i Dec 3..
. UMPQUA— Arrived Dec 2— Schr Beulah. Dec
3 — Stmr" San Gabriel, from San Pedro.
.Sailed Dec 3— Schra Caroline and Sadie, for
San Pedro. V3W*§SiA»*85Sfc < 5#3 •» -'¦'¦•
¦• SEATTLE — Arrived Dec S — Stmr Valencia,
from Kkacway: atmr Senator, hence Dec 2.
- Sailed pec r> — Stmr Queen, for San Fran
cisco.
COOS BAY — Arrived Dee C — Stmr ¦ Empire,
hence Dec 2: stmr Arcata, hence Dec 3.
Sailed Dec 0— Stmr Signal, for San Fran
cisco.
POINT REYES — Pawed Dec S — Stmr Grace-
Dollar, from Grays Harbor, for Ventura.
TACOMA — Balled Dec "6 — Stmr Aztec, for
San 'Francisco; Br ship LaurUton, for Queens-
CABPAR— Arrived Dec 8— Stmr Samoa,
hence Dec 4. ¦
FAIRHAVEN — Sailed D«c 4— Stmr Olympic,
for San- Pedro, f »••- .^- ,.. • • .., » .,
TATOOSH— Passed In Dec 6r-Schr Fearless,
from San Pedro, for Falrhaven; stmr Centen
nial, hence Dec 2. for Seattle; Br ship Nile,
from Chefoo. for Royal Roads.
¦ - Pa«ed" cut r>ec ' 5— Br- Bhlp Laurlston, from
Tacoma. • for United Kingdom. • ;'
:. EUKEKA— Arrived Deo 5— Stmr Brooklyn,
hence Dec 4 - ,
: Sailed Dec 6— Stmr San Pedro, for. San
Francisco- ¦ « •
. VENTURA— Arrived Dec 6— Stmr Newsboy,
from San Francisco.
-Sailed Dec 6— Stmr Newsboy, for San Pedro.
'.'¦' PORT HARFORD — Sailed Dec 6 — Stmr San
ta Barbara, for San Francisco. • -
- PORT LOS ANGELES — Sailed Deo 4 — Stmr
Noyo,- for Redondo. Deo 6— Ger chip Adolf,
for Port Townsend. ' rrcsnagBMsVjMfeeKsq;
HARDY CREEK — Sailed - Deo 5— Stmr
Marshfleld, for Little River.
FORT BRAGG->-Sailed Dec 5— Stmr . Bruns
wick, -for- San Francisco.- •• • -
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Dec 4— Bktn John
Bowens Landing.
Stmr Phoenix, Odland, 14 hours from Mea-
Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen, 12 boon from
Point Arena.
Stmr Westport, 8mlth, 24 hours from Eu
reka; up river.
Stmr Chlco. Martin, 63 hours from Bandon.
Stmr National City, Hammar, 15 hours from
Fort Brags-
Stmr Greenwood, Johnson, 16 hours from
Albion.
Schr Newark, Retnertsen, 17 hours from
Walshs Landing.
CLEARED.
Saturday, December 5.
Stmr Newport, Saunders, Panama; Pacific
Mail Steamship Co.
Stmr Pomona. Swanson, Eureka; Pacific
Coast Steamship Co.
Stmr Bonita. Gielow, San Pedro; Pacific
Coast Steamship Co.
- Nor stmr Tellus. Arntzen, Ladysmith; R
Dunsmulr's Sons Co. ¦
Br phi? Scottish Lochs, ParkhUl. London;
NEW YORK— Sailed Dec B— Stair EtrurU.
for Liverpool: stmr Mesaba, for London; itmr
Astoria, for Glasgow; stmr Finland, for Ant
werp; atmr Frlnz Adelbert. for Naples and
Genoa: atmr Philadelphia, for Southampton;
stmr Pretoria, for Plymouta.
ANTWERP— Sailed Dec B— Stinr Kroonlani.
for New York.
HAVRE— Sailed Dec 6— Stmr La Savote, for
New York.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Dec 8— Stmr Umbria,
for New York.
ROTTERDAM — Arrived Dec S — Stair Stat
endam. from New York.
Sailed Dee 6— Stmr Amsterdam, for New
York- , ¦ ¦ „¦ .
DELAWARE BREAKWATER — Arrived Dec
4 — Ship Acme, from Honolulu; atmr iXInne
w.i'Id hcrce Sept 11.
Sailed Dec 5 — Ship Hawaiian Idea, i:r Nsw
Tcrk.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
EASTERN PORT.
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to Dee 5— Jap
stmr America llaru. hence Nov 10.
SHANGHAI — Arrived prior to Dec S — Ger
stmr Eva, from Ttlntaa.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Deo 8— Stmr
Korea, hence Nov 13; itmr Tacoma, from Ta
coma; stmr Victoria, from Tacoma: Jap stmr
Kaga Mara, from S«attle. for Hongkong.
Sailed Nov 23— Stmr Oanfa. from Liverpool,
via Hongkong, fop Victoria and Tacoma,
IQL'IQUE— Arrived Dec 5— Schr Kona. from
Honolulu.
DEAL— Passed Dec 3— Br ship Beacon Rock.
frnnj Antwerp, for Port Los Angeles.
EAST LONDON —Arrived Dec 0 — Schr Ed
ward R Wait, from Grays Harbor.
CAPE TOWN— Arrived Dec 4— Br bark Ijord
Tcrapletown, from Port Gamble.
CORONEL — Arrived Dec 4 — Stmr Oregoniaa,
from New -York.
Bailed Dec 6— Strar Orfgonian, fGr San Fraa
el«co.
RIO DB JANEIRO— Sailed Dec 4— Stmr
Mlnnetonka, for New York.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU— Arrived Dec S — Br itmr Doric.
from Yokohama. •
Palmer, for Port Gamble. Deo 5— Stair Man
dalay, for San Francisco.
Arrived Dec 5— Schr Louise, from Umpqui;
schr Lucy, from Umpqaa.
. PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Deo 8— Br «tmr
TV'yneric, for China and Jaoan.
San Francisco Bay, California (List of Bea
cons and Buoy*. Pacific Coast. 1903, page 22) —
Notice Is hereby given that the first-class nun
buoy, marking the four and three-quarter
fathom spot. 1020 feet eastward of Pacific Mail
steamship wharf, is reported to have dragged
about £00 yards out of position. It will be re
placed os soon as practicable. By order of the
Lighthouse Board.
J. B. MILTON*. Commander, U. S. N..
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
San Francisco Entrance, California (List ot
Beacons and Buoys. Pacific Coast, 1903, page
21)— Notice U hereby given that the bell buoy
located one-eighth of a mile SW by W one
quarter \Y from Mile Rock, entrance to San
Francleco Bay, California, Is reported not
sounding; It will be put In working order as
soon as practicable.
Notice to Kariners.
The British ship Scottish Lochs was cleared
yesterday for London with 43.994 cs canned
fruit. 11.113 "cs canned salmon. 1.392.903 lbs
dried prunes. 12.8U9 gals wine, 31,031 ctls bar
ley, 100.S00 lbs cascara bark, 5S.092 lbs tallow
and 7 bbla catsup valued at ?2SS,274. . The
ahlp.also carried 20,000 foet lumber as dun
nage, valued at $300.
A Cargo for London.
carried 15,000' feet lumber as dunnage, valued
at |250.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAW. DECEMBER 6/1903.
38
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Mara Imlana aad Vallejo Steamers.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward.'- Sec-
ond class to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson ¦ Building)
New York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue, 8an Francisco
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
COMPAQNIE QENERALE TBAN8ATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. M ..
Sailing every Thursday instead of <«JEm&
Saturday, at 10 a. m.'. from Pier 42. iSBmBSb*
North River, foot of Morton street. . " ;'i >; :
ocwnic$,5,ce.«ss£
8. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Dec. 10. 2 p. rn
S. S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu, Dec.18, Ham
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti, Jan. 6, 1904*
11 a. m. * " ,, '
4J.I riECtatt ms.e8^i|{i..rctoten!ee,i4i itftiza
fntttltStf.!2! UtrtttSUftrli. l.tuJOttL
TOYO KISEN KAiSHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 d. m., for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hiogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of calling.
6. S. NIPPON MARU (calling at Manila)
Wednesday,' December 30, 1903
8. S. AMERICA MARU ~.
' ..Monday, January 25. 1004
6. S. HONGKONG MARU
. . . : Wednesday, February 17, 1904
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and paroage apply at Com-
pany's .office. 421 Market streets, corner First.
W. H. - AVER Y, General Agent. ••
e Steamers leave San Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketchlkan, Wrangel,
Juneau. Halnes, Ekaguay,
etc. Alaska— 11 a. m.. Dec
2. 7. 12. 17. 22. 27, Jan. 2.
Change to company's steam-
ers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. . Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett, Whatcom — 11 a. m., Dec. 2. 7,
12. 17. 22. 27. Jan. 2. Change at Seattle to
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.: at
Vancouver to C. P. Railway. .
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona. 1:30
p m. Dec. 0, J2 18. 24, 30. Jan. 6; Corona,
1:30 p. m.. Dec. 3, 9. 15. 21. 27. Jan. 2.
For Loa Angeles (via Port Loa Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara — San-
ta Rosa. Sundays. 0 a. ra. ...
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
Ean Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme. ;
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Dec. 3. 11. 19, 27, Jan. 4.
Bonita. 9 a. m.. Dec. 7. 13. 23, 31. Jan. 8.
For Ensenada. Magrdalena Bay, San Jos* del
Cabo. Maratlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa .Ro-
salia. Gusymas (Mex.). 10 a. ra., 7th of each
month. .
For farther Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or. sail-
ing dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharves.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANN, General Pasaenger A«ent,
10 Market street. San Franclaco.
ADVEBTISEMENT8. - •'¦ r '•
ELECTF.O-CKEMISTET CUKES CA-
TA3KH OF THE HEAJD, CATARRH OF
THE TE30AT, CATARRH OF THE
EABS, CATARRH OF THE LUNGS
AND CONSTITUTIONAL CATABSH OF
EVEEY VABflETT.
MOSS PRO Ol 1 1 _ '
Mr. T. T. Rea. Palo Alto. Cal.
MR. REA Fays: "Before taking: up the
i Electro-Chemic treatment I was exam- j
j ined by seven doctors, and no two agreed ¦
j exactly upon a diagnosis of my case. 1 !
I was naturally discouraged and went to
: the Electro T Chemic Institute, 118 Grant
\ avenue, San Francisco, for a thorough
X-Ray Examination. It was plain to me
that " the Electro-Chemic specialists
, knew their business, and I was so great-
l.ljr pleased with the examination which
i they gave me that I at once took up the
! Electro-Chemic treatment. My trouble i
! j.roved to be Constitutional,, Catarrh, j
; Probably every organ was more or less
: affected, but I felt the effects of the j
; catarrh mostly in my nose, throat, stom- i
I ach and heart, and my breathing was not
• normal, ko no doubt my bronchial tubes '
and probably the lungs were consider- ,
! ably involved. \
\ 'From the very start of my. treatment \
I I began to improve In every manner. I i
' do not feel the effects of the catarrh at !
'. all now. and I am sure that the disease j
¦ has been thoroughly cured. I never lost
, r. day from my work while taking the
: Electro-Chemic treatment, and my cure .
1 has been accomplished at my home. The
Electro-Chemic apparatus with which
i my treatment was applied was loaned to
mo. and I was saved the expense of pur- i
chasing the instrument. This made the
: treatment cheap indeed, when the won-
derful results are considered. I feel It
my duty to recommend the Electro- i
Chemic treatment to all catarrhal suf- '
ferers. I do this out of gratitude to the
Electro-Chemic physicians, and with a i
desire to help others. T. T. REA,
"Palo Alto, California."
HOME TREATMENT
We advise those living- at a distance;
to come to oar office for. one personal
; examination, if possible to do so. When
this is impossible, write us a careful de-
scription of principal symptoms and we
Trill send full instructions for home ex-
amination and treatment. We loan, free
cf charsre, our Electro-Chemic apparatus, ¦!
i for home treatment.
consultation rnrr
AND .I-M-I-
X-RAY EXAMINATION ¦ llLL
ELECTRO-CHEMISTRY CUBES
Catarrh Xaver Diseases .
Asthma Bladder Diseases
i Consumption Eczema
Deafness Epilepsy
Head Wolf es Piles
nervousness Women's Disease*
Cancer Men's Diseases
Tumors Skin Diseases
Brlsrht's Disease Blood Diseases
Diabetes Rheumatism
Dyspepsia neuralgia
ELECTRO=CHEMIC INSTITUTE,
118 GRANT AVE., Cor. Post St.. SAZT
FRANCISCO.
Office Hours — 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7
to 8 p. m. daily; Sundays, 10 a. ra. to 1
p. m.
Separate apartments for ladies and
gentlemen.
BATLWAY TBAVEL.
S CALIFORNIA |
L3 LIMITED TO fSHlGAGO . |
£ LE A VES DA ILY f
h» with diner and all trappings. ||
Other Santa Fe Trains : ,
oiS ?* I * or Stockton, Frewo, Baicertfield*
fiiSp^Slj M«ced, Hanford akdVUalla.
4.00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago. .
Ticket Officb: 641 Market St., and Ferry
Depot, a. T. Also 11U Broadway, Oak-
liTirt.CaL
¦ TO SAN RAFAELf
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
via Sausalito Ferry.
Suburban Service. Standard Gauee Electric —
Depart tram San Francisco Daily — 7:00, 8:00,
9:00, 10:00, 11:00 a. m.. 12:20. 1:45. 3:15, 4:15,
5:15, 6:15, 7:00. 8:45, 10:20, 11:45 p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Dally— 5:25, C:33. 7:40. 8:35. 9:35. 11:05 a.
m.. 12:20, 1:45, 2:55, 3:45, 4:45, 6:45, 0:45.
8:45, 10:20 p. m. i
FROM MILX. VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Dally— 6:45. 6:53. 7:62. 8:65. 0:63,
11:20 a. m., 12:35. 2:00, 3:15, 4:05. C:05, 6:U3,
7:05, 9:00. 10:35 o. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a. m. daily— Cazadero and way stations.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Totnales and way stations.
3:15 p. rn. Saturdays — Cazadero and way eta-
tlons:*
.Sundays only— 10 a.. in.. Point Reyes and
way stations. , ......
TICKET OFFICE — 626 Market st.
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market at.
i - ¦ ;','-.•' •-¦•'.'¦..¦'. ¦
IV.T. Tamalpais Railway
Leave TU SnaUito tvtj Arrive '
SanFrandsc- TtrtUUxrtMlL San Francisco
Week Sun- x'liii ~ San- Week
P»y^- days /fisfflffi ??lu *l*ys Days.
•n'.i8i *s:ooa EE$s£rky$m 12:05 rfoiiol
1 •l:*6f 9:00a BWJaBJUabW l:25rS:S0r
5:15r 10:00a \St^u^/ S:SOp 5:5Op
: 11:00a \*£Ho!Kr 4:5Op 9:ft0r
1:45p B:50p J.
) ~ 3;15f 7:OOp .„.„__
I *0«u«ct Titt «*c« far ' «»wsss4TaWyCissj
I 2^fJ, 1 626 m **kkt ST^(North Shore Railroad)
1 wnCl} I aad Sausalito Feaar. Foot Market St.
IffiAlM; ILOOjerlpap 1
SAXLWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave »n«l »r« due to arrivv »t
SAN KUANCISCO.
(ll»ln Line. Foot of Market Street > -
IIITI — KlOB NOTKXBEK 'Q.. 1VKW. — AKBITB
JJQQjl Vacariile. Wlntert, Bomifjr T&5r
7JCQa Bealcla, 8ol«aa. Elmir* and Sacra-
inento 7-25r
7 J3* V»!lc Jo. K>pv C*:uioe». Saata
lio»», Uartlaez. E»n Uunon 6.2&P
7 J3a Kile*. Llrersiore. Tncy. Lothrop.
* Stockton 7-25r
BOO* £fcwt» ExprcM— (VU Uarli). .
Wlillanu (lor Bartlett Sprtogt).
Wlllowt. trruto. Krd Bluff.
Portland. Tacoma, Seattle 7.5SP
8X9a !>»*:§. W.xxiland. Kclcbl* Lauding.
MaryevHe. OroTille 7.65P
8-3D* Port Coita. Martlnrz. Astloch.
Brroa. Tracy. Stock-ton. Kew-
man. Vo» Unnoa. Mendota,
Arsnona, Hnutord. Vlsalla.
Port#rrtl!e 4.2S*
930a Port Costa, Martlnex, Tracy. Lath-
rop. Modetto, Merced. Freiao;
Goabcn Junction, Hanford,
VUaUa. Bakergfteld ....« 4.55*
E-JQ* Kile*. San Jone, LIvermore. Stock-
ton, (' VKtou). tone, Sacramento,
Placemiie. Marysvllle. Chlco.
Rod BJnff 4.25P
3.50* Oakdile. Cbia«te. Jiiuwwirii. So-
nora, Tuolumne *.ud Angrts 4.2Sr
(03i Atlantic Express— Ogdca and Eait. 1 1 .25*
8^3* ttlrlrnond, Martlbcs and Way
SUttons 66SP
TOOT* The Overlaud Limited — Ogden.
l)fi rr r. Omaha. CblcnKO 6-25p
10-00* Vallejo 1225r
10420a Los Acireles Pa»»c nger — Tort
Costa. Martinet, Byron. Tracy, .
Latbrop. Stockton. Merced,
l:»»B'ori>l. Fresno. Goshrn Junc-
tion, Hanford. Leinoore, Vlsalla.
nnkersCeid. Los Anirelet 7.-:3p
1f.C0« Hayward. KI!es and Way Sutlons. 3.2SP
t]X)0r 6acr»mentoRiTer Steamers- tll.OO'
J-iOr Benlcia. Winter*. Sacramento.
IVoodlaad. Knights LandtnK,
MaryfrlUe, OroTllie and way
suUons 'S??*
SZOr Harward. KHes and Way Stations.. 7.65F
8.20r Port Cost*. Martlner. Byron,
1 racr. Lallirop, Modesto,
Merced. Kreeao and Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Costa 12-2Sp
UOr Martlnex. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 10 25a
4£0r Martinez.San i:i'.m->i. ValleJu.Napa,
Call* toe*. SuntaRusa 9 25v
4B0f Kile*. Tracr. Stockton. Lodl 4-2Sr
4.S0r Harward. Klics. Irvtoctoii, Ean I
Jose, Ltvennore < Jl 1.55*
6-CCr The Owl Limited— Newman. Los
Banos. Mer.cuia. Freitou. Talare,
Bakersnell. Los Angeles 8.55a
E.COr Port Costa. Tracy, Stockton 12.25P
IB S3r Ha.rward, Niiee and .-m Jose 7.25*
6.0flr (layward. Kile* and San Jose 9-b&A
iilOr Eaclera Ezpresa — Opden. Uenyer.
Umaha. St. l.oii ie. Chicago aud
Kact. Port Costa. Ite.nlcia. S ni-
ton, Elmtra, Davis, Sacramento,
Kocklln. Auburn, Coliaz,
Trurkee. Boca. Keno, Wads-
worth. Wtnnemocca 5 23*
C.OOp Tallejo. daily, except Sunday.... I 7 re.
7JJCr Vallejo. 6undar only if #D "
JjDQp t.lcnmond. ban Pablo. Port Costa,
Martintx and War Stations 11.25a
t-CEr Oregon A California Exprees— Sac-
ramento, Marytrllle, Redding,
Portland. I'uget Sound nnd East. 8-55*
8.1 Qr Bar*'ard, KUe< and San Jose (sua-
tlaronlr) . 11-65*
COAST LINE <*arr«w U*nge).
(r«ot of Market Street.)
8-16* Xewark. CenterTlllc. San Jose.
FeltoB, Boulacr Creek. Santa
Craz and Way Stations 55Sp
rt-iir Vewark. Centerrllle. Saa Jote,
New Almaden. Los Gatos.Felton,
Bonlder Cr^ek. Saata Crux and
Principal Way Stations +10 55*
4.1Br Newark. SaaJoce. Los Uatos and I 18.65*
way stations 1:1055a
C3-50p Hunters Train. Saturday only, San
Jose and War Eutloit. Ket urn-
Ipjj from \jn* Gatos finnrtsy only. t7 25f
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN rKA*. ClbCO, Foot or Market St. (SilpO
— rr:i* 9.00 n -xv a.m. 1.00 300 5-15 r.u.
Trota i.'AULASl), Foot of Hroadway — t«:UU i$:0»
t«:C5 10:»l *,.M. 1 2 00 2-00 4.00 P.M.
COAST LINE <Uroad «a«Re).
fir <1 hlrd wnrt l'ownsend Streets.)
6.10a San Jote aed Way Stations BZOr
7 CO* San Jo«e end Wnr Stations 5.56P
C 02* New Almaden (Toes.. Prld., only), 4.1Qp
• CO* Coast Line Limited — Stops only San
Jow, tillroy (connection for Hoi- ¦
lister), Pajaro. Ca«troTllIe. Sa-
linas. San Ardo. Paso Robles.
£antaMar?ar!ta.San Luis Obltpo.
Principal Mstiuns tbence Surf
<connertlon for Lomjioc) priccl-
ral ciaUcm thence Santa Bar-
bara and Los Angeles.. Conneo-
t'.ca at Castror1!> to and from
Monterey and Pacific GroTe 1B-4SV
S.C6* Eaa Jose. Tres Plnos, Capltola,
SantaCroz.PacIflcGrore.Eannaa,
S*n Luis Ublrpo and Principal
War Station* 4.10p
1820* San Jose and Way Stations 1.20*
11-20* Eacta Clara. Saa Jote. Lot Qatot
aad Way ststloes 7.30
}ZQr 6*n Jose and War SUtlons 8-38*
tX.br PMtficGruveKxpreits— SantaClara
San Jo**, Dei Monte. Monterey.
Paclnc Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Craz. Boulder
Creek afid Narrow Gauge Point*)
•t Gllroy for Holiister. Tret
Plaos. at Castrorliie for Salinas. 12.16r
2-SSp Tre* Plnot Way Passenfrer {10. 45*
"44&I- baa Jom. (via Sacu Clara) Los
Gatsa, and Prlaclpa! Way fcla-
tlou* (except Sacdar) ?8. 12*
t*>Z0r San JosctkBdPrinclpalWayEtatloBK tfi 00*
fc.'.Or bensrt Limited.— Hed word. Saa
Jose.Gilroy.^aJinas.Paso Kolilcs,
Ean Lui* Obit po, Santa Barbara,
Los A&celes. Drains. El Paro,
New Orleans. Kew York. Con-
nect* at Pajuro for Santa Croi
and at Ca»troTHl« for Pacific
CroTe and Way Stations 710*
tC.ICr SanMateo.Reresrord.Uelinont.Saa
Carlos. Bed wood. Fair Oaka.
MenloPark. Palo Alto tB.46*
(JVr 6an Jose and Way Stations G.3B*
11 .Mr boctb San Francisco. MUlbrae. Bur-
I'.Bsaine. San Mtteo, Belmont,
ban Carlos. Betfwood, Fair Okki,
Menlo Part and Palo Alt* 9.45*
• ti.JCr May&eld. Mountain View. Snnny-
vale. Lawrence, Santa Clara and
S*n Jut* iS4Sr j
A for Worn I cj. P for Af lernoos ' I
:tusdar onir
< btojm at all autloai on Enadsr.
tScnday excepted. a Saturday only.
trouij trains stopplac at Valencia St. tonthbooa*
»JTt:lC a.J£^::O0*.K^ 11:30 A.K., 8:80p.m. and 6:20p.m.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LrESSEE
SAN FRAIiCblO AN, NORTH PACIFIC
EAILWAY COUPAXTT.
Tibnrca Ferry, root of Market Street.
' BAWT raAKCTSCO TO SAN R*TArr,.
WEEJC DAYS — 7:S0, 9:00. ll:(x> a. m. ; 12:35,
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. ra. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 it. m.
Saturday* — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p.m.
BITXDAYS— 8:00. 8:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:20,
3:30, 5:00. 6:20, 11:30 p. m.
SAW RAFAEL TO SAN FBAKXttSCO.
WEEK DATS— «:05, 7:35. 7:50. 8:20, 11:13
a. m.: 12:50, 3-.40. 5:00. 5:20 p. rn.
s.it Unisys— r.x'-ra. trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
6UXDAVS— *:O0. »:*0. 11:15 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40.
4:55. 5:06, 6:25 p. m.
Leave .1 In Effect 1 Arrive
Ean Francisco. ( Sept. 27. 1903. 'San Francigco.
Week I Sun- 1 • DesUca- ) Sun- I Week
Days. ( days. [ tloa. | days. ( Days.
7:30 a! 6:00 a < 9:10 a! 8:40 a
8:30 a Issaclo. 10:40 a!10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30p 6:05 p 6:20 p
S:1O p C:OOp 7:35 p|
7:30a! . 1 9:10 al 8:40 a
8:00 a Kovato, 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30p 9:30a Petaluma 6:05pi6:20p
5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:33 p '
( 6:00 p Santa Rosa. j
7:30 a] 110:40 a;10:20 a.
8:O0a Fulton. I 7:35 p 6:20p
3:30 p| 3:30 p \ \
! ¦Windsor, |
IlealdEburg. (10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton. I.
3:30 p 3:30 pi GejBerville. |7:35p 6:20 p
( - j Ctoverdale. |
7:30 a f:00al Ilopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30p 3:30 pf and Ukiah. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30a! 6:0D>( WUlltgw |7:SSp[e:20p
7:30 al 8:00 oj 110:40 a!10:20"a
3:30p| 3:30 p| Guernevi'le. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a! £ :W0 a Sonoma, I 9:10a| 8:40a
0:10 p| 8:00 p Glen Ellen. |C:05p|6:20p
7:30a18:00al 110:40 a 10:20 a
'.', :30 p! S :30 pi Sebastopol. (7:S3p C:20p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for Ean
- Quentln; at Saota Rosa for - White Sulphur
H;>nr.K> ; at Pulton for Altrurta and Mark Weit '
fiprinK*: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
cervtll* ¦ I or Springs ; at CloverdaJ«* f or
th» Gej-sere, Booneville and Greenwood; at
Ilopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springe,
KeJseyvUl«\ , Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port abd.BarUett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Spring*. Saratoga Ppringa, Blue Lakes, Laurel
I3ell Lake. Wltte» Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo
Potter Vane5'. John Day's, Uiverslde. Llerly'a.
nuckr>«ir«. Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle, OTr"»
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Oomptehe, ¦ Camp
ttevBttS. Horkins, Mendocino City, -Fort Brapn.
"Weetport. TJsal: «t Willlt« for Fort Brass.
*»Vcstrprt,~6ticrwood, Cahto, Covello. Layton-
vJlle. Cummings, Bell's Eprlngs, Harris, Ol-
B*n's. Oyw. GarbervIUe, Pepperwood, Scotia
and Emka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
£uced rates.
On Sunday" round-trip tickets to all points !
beyond San Rafaet at half rates.
Ticket office, €30 Market etreet. Chronicle
build in;.
H. C. WHITOCO. B. X IITAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Paas. Agt.
. ¦ .
' SEE THE PICTURES.
ADVASTCE STYLES FOB 1904.
A Page of Photographs to Set
Every Woman's Heart Athrill.
, . NEXT SUNDAY CALL ;
"Columbia" sails Dec. 0, 19. 29, Jan. 8, 18,
2S. "George tv. Elder" sails Dec. 14. 24. Jan.
3. 13, 23. Only steamship line to PORTLAND.
OR., and short rail line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all points, all
rail or steamship and rail, at LOWEST
RATES. Steamer tickets Include berth and
meals. Steamer sails foot ot Spear St., at 11
a. m. S. F. BOOTH, Gen. Apt. Pass. Dept., 1
Montgomery St.: C. CLIFFORD, Gen. Agt.
Freight Dept., 3 Montgomery st. . .
O. R. & N. CO.
1^ ANOTHER OF BRYS01TS FAMOUS BEAUTIES 1
I ONE MORE FROM THE GOLD SERIES 1
IB TEe .Third of This Extraordinary Set |
NEXT SUtlDAY CALL I
iA Bryson in Gold, absolutely the richest art picture ever used ft
for any purpose by a newspaper. i\
Admiration is a type of beauty essentially modern. The strong- U
est element of modernity of this study, however, is to be found in its gj
composition. There are styles in women as well as in everything: H
else. The type preferred to-day has not the same element of beauty if
which our forefathers most admired, or perhaps that will be admired t
by the coming generation. Almost every year brings a new type of c
the "Summer Girl" or the "Golf Girl," etc. The clothes, manner and |
. mode of dressing the hair contribute much to the creation of an im-
pression that there is an actual change constantly taking place in |
the form and features of the fair portion of the human race. It is [
possible that new thoughts, ideas and conditions have an influence I
upon the form. of the body and features and perhaps the color of the f
hair and eyes may be affected- ¦ £
The type portrayed with so much grace and distinction bv Bry- I
son has the characteristic of up-to-date famininity. The refined type f
of beauty in the figure, the grace of movement suggested in her pose If
gj and the mingled expression of intelligence anj sweetness in her fea- 11
p tures, combined with the artistic arrangement of accessories, the f|
| H dash of color and the delicate flesh tints, make this a most beautiful r j
! tj] art study. f]
; H They are all readv to frame or can be tastily tacked up just as |!
: h they are received, the heavy gold border serving as a frame. N
I NO ONE CAN AFFORD TO MISS THIS j
| IT'S FREE WITH NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL U |
I Subscribe now for • It is San Francisco's \
I The Daily Call Greatest Paper t
Steamer Gen: FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:45 a- m., 3:15, and 8:30 p: m., except Sunday;
Sunday, 9:45 a/m.. 8:30 p.^m. Leave 4 VaIleJo,
7 a. m.. 12:30 and C p..m.,' ; ex. Sunday. Sun-
day, 7 a. m.'. 4:15 p.' m. Fare, 50 cents. Tel : '
Main 1508.' Pier 2, Mistilon-art.- flock.; HATCH
BROS ¦ .LIVERMORE, Dec. 5. — : J. A.
Schack, a | widower, living near; Liver
more, committed suicide ; yesterday , by
hanging himself to a hook in the cell
ing of his dining-room. '; The body was
f ou hd * by ; a.' farmhand. "The deceased
leaves one son. It Is supposed that the
cause of ; the j farmer's suicide • was ' de
spondency'over the loss Of some of bis
property.
Farmer Hangs Himself.
•¦':¦ OUTSIDE, BOUND IN. 12 MIDNIGHT.
Schrs C T Hill and Mary. Etta and aquare
rf f SCr ' DOMESTIC ! PORTS.
ABERDEEN— Arrived .Dec &— Stmr ' Ontrn
lla,. hence Dec 2. .
Sailed Dec 5— Strar Coronado. for San Pedro;
schr Henry VViliton,; for San Francisco. • .
. • PORT -¦-< TOWN SEND— Sailed - Dec 5— Bark
Reaper, for South Africa.
FOREIGN PORT.
- VICTORIA. •'. B , C— Arrived Dec 5— Stmr Sen
ator,"" hence Dec • 2. '»..¦ \
- Sailed •' Dec • 5— Stmr . Queen, for San' Fraa
elaco;Br atmr Amur, tor. Skaewajr.
lAte Shipping Intelligence.
MANILA, Dec. 5.— The Venetian fete
given by Governor W. H. Taf t waa one
of the most brilliant affairs ever seen
here. The citizens on their part or
ganized a water carnival and the
scenic effect was magnificent during
the parade as a flotilla of gayly deco
rated boats swept, past the palace
ablaze with vari-colored lights. Vast
crowds of enthusiastic spectators lined
the river banks, which were illumi
nated for miles, to witness the " gor
geous spectacular display. Governor
Taf t and his wife received the guests
as they arrived in costume at the river
entrance of the palace. *'., Farewell re
ceptions are being held nightly,, which
are largely attended by residents of all
nationalities.
"Water Carnival Held in Manila Be
splendent in Scenic Effects and
General Display.
GOVEBNOB TATT'S FETE
A GREAT SUCCESS
This makes the third student that has
been dismissed for cheating during this
term. ;The first two' students to be dis
missed were accused of • dishonorable
practices while the matriculation -ex-;
ami nations "were \ going- on in . August,
one of them being, a Junior, who had in
veigled a candidate for the - frqshman
class Into helping him to. pass the ex
amination, with the result that both
were caught and punished.
"On December,. 5, In accordance with
a recommendation by the Committee
on Students' Affairs, the president dis
missed from the university a student
who used dishonest methods in an ex
amination." .
For cheating In the midyear exam
inations a student waa dismissed from
the University of California to-day by
President Wheeler, acting; on the rec
ommendation of the Faculty Committee
on' Students* Affaire. The notice of
dismissal was published this afternoon
by James Suttqn, recorder of the fac
ulties, who refuses, in accordance with
a university rule, to reveal the name
of the culprit. The notice reads as fol
lows:
Berkeley Office" San Francisco Call,
4 2148 Center street, Dec 5.,
"If an Investigation Is begun I should
not tell you about. !t,"^he replied. "I
can -tell you that prominent members
have talked over - the : advisability • of
beginning one."
ii Because D. "J. Sully & : Co. estimated
the season's; yield Cat: only. 24,000 tiales
above the season's yield as indicated by
the Governrceht,. his name was; men
tioned ;in connectlop - with the -. allega
tions. , : The; estimate of ; . the Sully firm"
was compiled at .least three weeks ' be
fore the Government figures were pub-;
lished.
NEW YORK, Dec 5.— In cotton cir
cles little attention was paid to the
published charge that the Agricultural
Bureau's cotton report had been pre
maturely announced to a selected few.
Officers of the New York Cotton Ex
change said that they had received no
tangible Information on which to acV
The matter had been called to their at
tention, but no one, it was announced,
presented any evidence to connect any
members of the exchange with the dis
honorable practice, such as is charged.
Probably the sentiment of the ex
change is best reflected by the state
ment made by Robert P. McDougal.
president of the New York Cotton Ex
change. He said:
"Nothing has been presented to the
exchange as yet on the charge that cer
tain of our members utilized informa
tion dishonorably obtained on the Gov
ernment cotton crop. The report that
there was a leakage from the Agricul
tural Bureau was current In this city
and in New Orleans on Monday and
Tuesday,- when it was generally stated
that the Government would show a
crop of less than 10.000,000 bales. Tele
grams to this effect were sent between
the two cities as ordinary cotton gos
sip is sent."
Samuel T. Hubbard, a former presi
dent of the exchange, who believed
there was a leakage of the report, said
he had no tangible evidence to present,
but he yas convinced from a variety of
reas<«n«»that there had been a prior
publlcj&Jon of figures and that the In
formation had been used by certain
men. '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHEYENNE. Wyo.. Dec. 5. — John J
Slaughter, probably the oldest Wyo
ming pioneer, died in this city to-day j
'at the cge of 94. He came to Wyo- >
ming in 1867. Slaughter was Terri- j
tory and State Librarian for thirty |
years and wejs assistant librarian at j
the time of his death. He survives all !
his children and leaves seven grand- I
children, ten great-grandchildren and |
two great-great-grandchildren.
CHICAGO. Dec. 5. — Albert A. Honey |
of Chicago, inventor of the under- i
ground trolley, is dead from a stroke ¦
of paralysis in the Chicago Union Hos- j
pltal. Mr. Honey was an old-time tele- '
graph operator, being xrhen 12 years j
old with the old Illinois Telegraph j
Company. H» was one of the three j
operators first employed by the Asso- j
elated Press in Chicago. Later he en- j
tered into the emploj' of the Union •
Pacific Railway Company and later su
perintended the construction of the
lines of the Northern Pacific from Bis- !
marck to the Pacific Coast. Mr. Honey j
located in Chicago in 1S31 and until [
within the last six rnontliK. when 111- J
ress necessitated his resignation, he
was president of the Magnetic Equip
ment Company. He was one of the or
ganizers of the Old-time Telegraphers'
Association.
PHILADELPHIA. Dec. 5.^-Congress
man Burke died to-day at his home in
this city. I
OLD PIONEER
OF WYOMING
PASSES AWAY
J. A. C. Humphreys of London, sec
retary of Charles Butters & Co.,
Limited, a mining concern, which Is
largely Interested In American mining
properties. Is registered at the Palace.
Charles Butters, the head of the com
pany, arrived here three days ago and
departed immediately for Mexico.
H. R. Burk£ and wife, wealthy resi
dents of Portland, are at the California.
Professor David Starr Jordan of
Stanford University is registered at the
Occidental.
Dr. Robert S. Martin has Just re
turned from New York after an ab
sence of several months.
Will H. Crocker left the city yester
day to Join his family In France. He ex
pects to return to San Francisco next
spring.
Charles P. Masterson. formerly con
nected -with a Seattle bank in the ca
pacity of cashier, returned from a visit
to the East yesterday and Is registered
at the Palace.
PEBSONAL MENTION'.
Dr. and Mrs. S. I. Darrln of Portland
are at the Palace. ;
Dr. and Mrs. Thomas Flint of San
Juan are at the Palace. s
J. E. Terry, a lumberman of Sacra
mento, is at the Palace.
Fisher was the first one notified of
the death, and he went to the Morgue
and identified the remains of his life
long friend. -
Just how Megaham came to be In the
vacant house is not known. He left his
home at 1242 Linden street yesterday
morning, to go to Brentwood, where he
had a small orchard, and was not ex
pected back until to-day. Whether he
went to Brentwood Is not*known, but
evidently he was unable to find his
home, as he was several miles away
from it in an opposite direction. In his
pocket was found a small vial, partly
filled with strychnine.
The deceased was born in Berlin, Pa.,
and was 52 years of age. He was mar
ried in 1SSS to Miss Christine Lau
melster of Mission San Jose. He was
the father of four children, three girls
and one boy, the oldest being a girl 16
years of age. He was a member of
Alameda Lodge No. 167, F. and A. M..
of Centerville, in this county, and of
Mission Peak Lodge No. 114, I. O. O. F.,
of Irvington.
addressed. Is also a teacher and Is prin
cipal of the Polytechnic High School.
The two men had been friends since
childhood. They played together as
boys, graduated from the same college,
came to California the same year and
married sisters.
UNABLE TO FINT> HOME.
FACULTY EXPELS
STUDENT CHEAT
Megaham some weeks ago had trou
ble with the school department, and it
is now believed that it was the first In
dication of his breaking down and that ;
afterward it aggravated his unfortu- ;
nate condition. He preferred charges
before the Board of Education against
Superintendent McClymonds, who he
imagined was discriminating against
him and not giving him the assistance
he required. He offered his resignation
to the board at that time, which, how
ever, was not accepted, and upon sug
gestion he took a leave of absence,
which had not yet expired. .Another
note to his brother-in-law found among
the papers in his pocket, which it Is be
lieved refers to this, says: "P. M. Fish
er," 576 Vernon street — Dear P. M.: All
my efforts to understand details of my
experience are useless, and my brain
whirls with a fierce power every time
It. I am worn out and my head is
bursting. Good-by. A. M."
P. M. Fisher, to whom the notes are
OAKLAND, Dec. 5.— While in a state
of mental unbalance Ambrose Mega
ham, principal of the Peralta School in
this city, committed suicide some time
last night in a house in process of con
struction on Webster street, between
Twenty-first and Twenty-second, by
taking strychnine. His body was found
this morning by artisans employed in
building the house. -
Megaham had not been dead long
when discovered, for there was warmth
still in the body. In' one of the dead
man's pockets was found the following
note, written to his brother-in-law, P.
M. Fisher: "For P. M. Fisher, 576 Ver
non street— Help me to find my home.
Help me to find my dear ones." The
writing was straggling and not in his
usual style, and it is supposed was
written when his mind had so far gone
that he realized that he could not find
his way home. He lay on his face In
the unfinished house, and in both hands
were clutched some shavings.
GIVEN" A VACATION".
PRINCIPAL OF THE PERALTA SCHOOL OF OAKLAN*D, WHO WAS
FOUND DEAD IN A VACANT HOUSE YESTERDAY WITH A HALF
FILLED BOTTLE OF STRYCHNINE IN. HIS POCKET.
Johnson Is a senior in the college of
mechanics and was about to graduate.
His home Is In Roseberg, Or. He Is 24
years old.
Johnson was found in his room at
7:30 o'clock this morning by Mrs. Rob
ert Melville, in whose home he" boarded.
She detected the odor of gas at that
hour, and suspecting that it came from
Johnson's room tried to arouse him.
There being no response, she opened
the door and found the young man
lying partly on the bed and partly on
the floor. Hastily dragging the uncon
scious form out of the reeking room.
Mrs. Melville summoned Dr. E. Z. El
lis. Later Drs. H. N. Rowell and F. H.
Paine were called In to assist. The doc
tors said that if Johnson had remained
in the room a few minutes longer he
would have been beyond aid.
The gas that brought Johnson near to
death came from a gas stove. It is
supposed that he got up early this
morning and and after lighting the
stove went back to bed, because he
would not have been alive if the gas
had been escaping all night. While
dozing again the light must have been
put out in some way, and Johnson
realizing that the gas was escaping,
arose and went toward the window,
was overcome before he reached It and
fell in the position in which he was
found.
George S. Johnson, a student at the
University of California. Inhaled a
large, quantity of gas in his room at
1S11 Prince street this morning and now
lies unconscious, with the chances for
life and death about even. Three phy
sicians have been working on him all
day in an endeavor to keep going the
spark of life, and at a late hour to
night the patient was still unconscious,
though his condition was somewhat im
proved. ; i-';
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
214S Center Street. Dec. 5.
Whereas, said Officer James Hume Smith, j
with fcrowr!frds<? of approaching death and con- |
rrlous cf cuty well performed, awaited his flr.el ;
summons with fortitude and Christian resit- i
r.a*ir>n and died at twenty-teven nilautes past
fc o'clock p. m.. November 27. liKC; an-J
Whereas, said Officer Jarr.es Hume gralth at j
ail times •¦¦:••- a lovir.g and affectionate son and *
ty his affection and manly conduct in all the j
relations in li'e enceared himself to his friends J
trill acquaintances; and
Whereas. B*id Jajn«"s Hurae Smith was ap- I
pointed a. rtTJlar police officer cf the city "f
Oakland em dtc fith day of November. 1301,
and durtr.jr his official career had discharged
vith circular fi^lity every duty devolving
t:j>cn him and had at all times demonsxrated
an efficiency, zeal and treat fearlessness that
merits the hirhest commendation; therefore
be it
Resolved. That the Bnard of Police and Fire
Comrnisslorer* of the oity of Oakland <!eeplv
deplore th«? untimely death of Officer Jajnes
Hume" Smith, and reecxniie that the Police
IVpartmcnt has lort one cf its bravest officers
tnd the city of Oakland is deprived of a val
vk<5 and respected citiaen; and be it further
Ite^olved. That this board extend to the be
reaved family cf the <iec*-a6ed its sinere Fyin
pathy in their bereavement; and be it further
Resolved. That a copy of th<»*e -resolutions
be srread u: ¦ .r. the minutes cf the Beard of
Police and Fire CcmBr.ii«£icner» of the city of
Oakland, and a eery thereof be forwarded to
the i&milr cf the deceased.
Whereaj. said OfScer James Hume Smith.
T.-hUe cuftertivg- from his mortal wound, ex
tibited exalted courajre and heroically con
tinued to perfora his duty as an officer and in
desperate battle killed one of his criminal as
sailant*; anu
Wherca*. on the r.ight of November 27, 1903.
rUg-teiar Police Officer Jamrs Hume Smith,
while in the active discharge of hie duty a«
euch officer, and while attempting to arr??t
i wo de«;>erute criminals, was assassinated;
and
The Police and Fire Commissioners
this afternoon adopted the following
resolutions of respect to the memory
of the dead policeman:
"To the Citizens of Oakland: While
I appreciate the feeling of kindness
and generosity that has prompted the
friends of my son James to start a
subscription for the purpose of paying
off the mortgage on my home, I must
decline to accept any such subscrip
tion. I do this in view of the fact
that my son James, in connection with
rny other children, have left me amply
provided for. However, I am natural
ly anxious to have my son's murderer
apprehended, and if the citizens whose
interests he was protecting at the time
he met his death, desire to provide a
fund to be offered as a reward to be
paid to the person or persons who ap
prehend the murderer, they will be do
ing that which I am unable to do, and
for which I and my family will be ex
tremely grateful.
"MRS. JULIA SMITH."
Mrs. Julia Smith, mother of James
II. Smith, the brave police officer who
was shot and killed by David Kiniry,
the burglar, is more anxious for the
capture of the murderer of her son
thsji she is for her own financial ag
graridizement. As an incentive to Kin
lry's capture she" wishes the money the
citizens desire to present to her of
fered as a reward for the murderer's
apprehension. She has written the fol
lowing communication on the subject:
"OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. 5.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S BroadVay, Dec. 5.
RUMOR EXCITES
COTTON 'CHANGE
The Young People's Inter-denomina- !
tional Missionary Conference, which
has drawn "more than 2000 delegates
from all parts of Central .California,
will come to a close to-morrow; after-!
noon. The First Presbyterian Church,
where the conference has been held,
was too small to accommodate the
throng of missionary workers and vis
itors that was anxious to hear the ad
dress of the Rev. J. Wilbur Chapman.
Among the speakers at the morning
session" to-day was Professor G. "W.
Reine of the Adventist College. The
subject of the professor's address was
"Saving. Men," and he outlined the
merits and defects of the many differ
ent methods pursued by churches of
various denominations.
"Christ's Great Prayer" was the
subject of Dr. J. A. Fraser's address,
and the Rev. F. W. Clampett spoke on
; "Obeying Christ." The Rev. W. K.
: Guthrie delivered a brief address on
"The Ministry of Prayer." Dr. Sara
E. Wise gave a short talk on "Prayer
Conference."
At the close of the morning session
luncheon was served to the delegates
In the parlors of the First Congrega
tional Church. The arrangements for
the luncheon were in charge of the en
tertainment committee.
A feature of the afternoon session
was the relation by the Student Vol
unters of the motives which impelled
them to enlist in the great labor of
misionary work. The volunteers were
Miss Munroe of the University of Cal
ifornia, A. F. Rlttner of the University
of California, Miss Spencer of Cooper
Medical College. R. O. Reiner of the
University of California and Miss
Mills of Stanford University. Miss
Mills is the daughter of the Rev.
Thornton Mills and is a niece of the
Rev. Benjamin Fay Mills* formerly of
this city- .
The other speakers of the afternoon
session, were Rev.' J. N. Beard, Stuart
W. Booth, Rev. S. M. Freeland, Miss
J. K. Partridge, Miss R. Esther Smith
and Rev. Mr. Storey. The Rev. E. P.
Dennett presided.
Between the afternoon and evening
sessions dinner was served to the del
egates in the parlors of the church.
The subject of the evening session
was, "The Call For Volunteers." A
short song and prayer service was
followed by the scripture lesson, read
by the Rev. H. J. Vosburgh, from
Acts, chapter xx.
"A New Macedonian Cry" was the
subject of an address by the Rev. E.
R. Dille, pastor of the First Methodist
Episcopal Church. Dr. Dille outlined
the great work which has been ac
complished by the foreign missions
throughout the world and laid partic
ular stress upon the great strides
which have been made in the Philip
pine Islands and in China.
Oakland Offlce San FranclBco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 5.
Withes Money Intended for
Her Given for Mur
derer's Capture.
George S. Johnson's Second
Nap Nearly Costs
Life.
Rev. E. R. Dille Tells of
Great Work Done in
Philippines.
The residence of A. S. Baldwin, en the south
Dae of Washington street, 70:10 feet east from
Buchanan, with lot 33x100 reet. to John D.
Hcbertson for llG.uOO; lot on tbe south elde of
Page fitrtet, 100 l«et east of Buchanan, 137 :6x
i::7:fi. for J. O. Rels and J. R. Ryland to W.
E. Johnson for $12,000; lot on the north side
of ValJeJo street. 117 feet east of Baker. 63x
137 :<i, for the account of il. Meyer to Vir-
K*nla A. Smith for $75tiO: lot 37:0x201:0, with
tot 40x100 and two flats, on the west aide of
Lyon ttra't, between Oeary and Post. $4«25:
lot on the northeast corner of Twcnty-flfth
etreet and Potrero avenue. 100x125. bought by
Jair.cs C Bhafter from the San Diego • Saving?
Bank for $4000; lot and Improvements on the
north ride of Lincoln street. 114:7 east of
Jones. 21:11x70. with two cottares. Alice Row
land to M. Sherwood for $3250; lot and cottage
on the southeast side of Shicley street. 177:6
east of Fourth, 20x<£>, Catherine Kenely to
Margaret Rauiet for $1CTX); lot 20xS5 and the
1,'nion Hotel, en the southeast side of Howard
»trect, 1.05 feet southwest of First, John Burke
to H. E. Robinson, $13,250; southwest corner
of Folscm street and Ppecita avenue, conslst
lrp of a vacant' lot :J4Ox242 feet, for account of
th* United Railroads of San Francisco to the
S. Ducag Company for S10.600; the two-story
residence on the east side of Maple street, 102
feet scuth of Sacramento, with lot 23:10v<iX
112:rt by Joseph Nash from C. C. Crane for
$2760; lots U. 15. 5C and 57. In block 3 of
Kelly Park. »old for the Crocker-Woolworth
National Bank to C. G. Stuhr for S1000; two
fiats on th« north eide of Seventeenth street.
bet»«>en Castro and Douclara. sold by Marcus
Anderson to Teter Echlefer: lot on the south
cast corner of M street and Forty-sixth avenue,
25x100. A. Meyer to Mabelle N'ace for $.T75;
southwest corner of M street and Forty-fifth
avenue. 2SslC0, A. Meyer to Mabelle Nace,
5-"!25- fouth s'.de of N street, 140 feet west of
Nineteenth avenue, 25x100, George M. Mitchell
to Andrew J. Duke for '$300; south side of >f
strwt. 1»S feet west of Nineteenth avenue.
2."xl00. Georre M. Mitchell to Anna J. Duk».
$300- lot on the west side of Sixth avenue, 135
feet north of I street. 25x120. S. A. Born to F.
B. Ladd. $1450; east tide of Nineteenth ave
nue, 200 feet north of I street, 25x100. E. V.
PEICES ABE STE0NG.
Baldwin & Kowell report the follow
ing recent sales:
Lot 24x90 feet and three-story building on
the west side of Mission street. 13O ieet north
of Twenty-flrst. from James M. Scott to George
K. Lyons, for $0000; lot 37x250 f«et and four
flatj on the east line of Caatro street. 149 feet
south of Eighteenth, from E. W. Lick to Al
bert Comstock. for $C75G; lot 82x100. on the
northwest corner of Korty-slxth avenue and
O street, for $C00; lot 2Gx75 and eld building
on the north tide of Jessie street. 175 feet
west of Fourth, from the McDonald estate to
the California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany for $000: lot 20xS0. Irregular, on the
we»=t side of Hyde street, 65 fee* south of
Union, from Henry Slgel to P. Mltcheletti, for
$3000; lot 23x127 :SU and two-story residence
on the north line of Washington street. 114:3
east of Pteiner. from Wells. Fargo & Co.'s
Bank to Mrs. Mary M. Moffatt. for J7200; lot
r»">xl20. on the east side of Twenty-first avenue.
100 feet south of Lak» street, from A. G.
Freeman to J. F. Cheese Wright, for 91750. and
lot 25xS0 ar.d two-story house oi> tha north
line cf Nineteenth street. 105 feet east of
Valencia, from W. R. Stephens to H. Bon
nettl, for ?»2jO.
Sol Getz & Son report the following
sales the past week:
Let 50x120, on the fret*. line of Forty-seventh
avenue. 2So feet north of I street, to li. E.
Wise, for *l*»0; lot 50x120, on the west Uns
of Forty-fourth avenue. 12o feet nouth of U
street, to William Clifford, ror $250; lot 75x
100. on the north line of Q street. 57:<i feet
cast of Forty-second avenue, to F. J. Fargo,
for f.JO0; let 25x120. on the west line of Forty
eishth avenue. 87:6 feet nortn of M street, to
E. K. Donnelly, for *5G0; lot 25x120, on the
west line of Forty-eighth avenue, 112:0 f*et
north of M street, to M. C. Seam, for $500;
lot 25x120. with Improvements, on the west
line of Twentieth avenue. 123 feet scuth of J
Btreet, to S. E. O.ectham. for $S00.
Several realty deals of quite large
size and a multitude of smaller ones
are reported by the brokers In this city
for the weeJc just closed. Among the
more Important transactions were the
transfer cf :i cC-vara south of Market
street, which was sold through the
agency of Thomas Magee & Sons to a
client of Bovee, Toy & Co. for $150,000;
the sale by Bovee, Toy & Co., for A.
V. Clark, of a new four-story building
en the south line of Post street, west
of Mason, with lot 25x67:6 feet, for
$45,000; also t>y Bovee. Toy & Co., for
F. M. Dakin to a client, for $41,000, a
lot 25x95 feet on the west line of Sec
ond street, 55 feet south of Stevenson,
upon which a six- story building will
be or?ct?d; at*o by . th« same brokers
to George K. Fitch for Joseph H. Scott,
35x120 feet on the north line of Hayes
street, 137 :C feet east of Laguna. with
a three-story building containing
stores and 'fiats.
Among the leading tales cf the week
are also include! th«» transfer of the
riorthwfSl corrcr of Pirw and Devisa
«l«r«» stt-'t.. t?.xll0 re.*", wir!i iiat**
arnJ f'.ats, n Id through the agency of
A. J. Rich & Co. for Frank Maskey to
Mrs. Benjamin TIchner. for $S7.500;
through the agency of Shainwald.
BucUbee & Co. the lot and four-story
frame building on the north line of
Sutter street, 6S:9 feet east of Jones,
with lot 3»:4^xS0 feet, for $45,000;
through the agency also of Shainwald,
Buckbee & Co., 25x100 feet and im
provements on the east line of Fifth
street, 50 feet south of Shipley, for L.
Cooper, the price being $19,000: also
through the agency of A. J. Rich &
Co. 27:6x137:6 and three flats on the
south line of Bush street, 110 feet east
of Webster street, for M. Shef tel to
Mrs. M. "Weller for $16,000; and the
J. D. Hanna place, on the east line of
Davis street, 25 feet south of Sacra
mento. 25xS0 feet, with brick building,
through the agency of A. J. Rich & Co.
to a client of the brokers for $16,000.
Bovee. Toy & Co. report the follow
ing minor sales:
DEALS IN DETAIL. . '
A. • J. Rich & Co. have sold to John
Farnham, for Dr. del Monte, 25x100
feet and residence on the north line
of Union street, 50 feet east of Taylor,
for $6000; also for H. V. Brownell to
Daniel Murphy 25x123 feet and fiats
on the north line of Market street, 110
feet west of Sixteenth, for $6000.
Shalnwald, jBuckbee & Co. have sold
to E. Haver & Co. 25x87:6 feet and
three flats on the west line of Pierce
street, 112:6 feet north of Haight, for
$10,000; also 40x90 feet on the west
line of Central avenue, 87:S% feet
north of Jackson street, for $7750.'
At a meeting of the Oceanside Im
provement Club, after some remarks
by A. C. Campbell. Sol Getz, J. Herzog
and others, the president of the club
appointed a committee of fifteen to In
terview Mayor Schmitz relative to se
curing aid to have concessions made
that- will enable the property-owners
of the Oceanside district to make need
ed improvements without having ad
ditional obstacles placed In their way.
A report was received that the Park
Commissioners had promised to ex
pend $6000 for the improvement of the
Ocean boulevard. E. Henn was ap
pointed to ask the United Railroads
Company to change the position of the
electric light at the boulevard station.
On motion a resolution was adopted
whereby the members of the club
pledge themselves to do their utmost
the coming season to secure appropria
tions from the city to grade H street
to the ocean.
Through the agency of Bovee, Toy &
Co. six leases have recently been nego
tiated, ranging from 510.S00 to $25,
00©, according to locality and accom
modations offered.
OCEANSIDE DISTRICT.
Ix>t 470. 47:10xl37:C to rear street, and tlw
two-story brick building of three stores at 52«
and 528 Pacific street, with tenements at 2. 4
and 6 St. Charlts place; lot 27:6x100. with
three fiats and ten-room house, on the south
east corner of Jackson and Broderick streets;
lots on the south eide of Jackson street, be
tween Cherry street and First avenue; lot 27:8
xl2O and ten-room house at 927 Union street,
between Taylor and Jones; residence and lot
20x103 feet at 2624 Sacramento street, be
tween Stelner and Pierce; lot 60x95 feet on
the north side of Sixteenth street, between
Church and Hanchez; lot 50x125 feet on the
west side of Church etreet, between Fifteenth
and Sixteenth: lot 50x1.17:6, with houses and
fiats, at 1410. 1412 and 1414 Kearny street,
near Union; lot °34xlOO feet and Improvements
at 2031, 2033 and 2035 Polk street, between
Pacific etreet and liroadway.
On Wednesday, December 16, Madi
son & Burke will offer at auction the
following properties:
Lot 40x137:6 feet and 3-story house on the
north line of Halght street. 166 feet east of
Buchanan: lot 30x100 feet and a house on the
south line of South California street. 30 feet
west of Fifth avenue; lot 25x112 feet and two
story and basement dwelling on tbe north side
of Page street, between Lyon street and Cen
tral avenue; southwest corner of Treat avenue
and Twentieth street. 25x110 feet; lot 23x82:6
and three-story building: on the "'east ' line of
Polk street. 09 feet south of Birch avenue:
northwest - corner of Broderlck and Union
streets, 44x103 feet; the southwest corner of
Scott and Greenwich streets. 68:0x122:4: lot
25x75 feet and tenement flats at 323 and 323 Vj
Harriet street; lot and fiats on the southeast
line of Folsom avenue, 250 feet south of Fol
som street; lot 20x69 feet with two flats on
the south side of Minna street. 165 feet north
east of Eighth.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. will auction on
Monday, December 14, when they will
offer the following:
Properties of the Mary A. Roberts estate at
1S31 and 1833 Ellis street, at 1S29 Ellis and
oh th«j north line of Randall, between Dame
and Whitney, the first two being- improved
properties: residence and lot at ti~9 Waller
street, near Scott; lot 20x00 feet, with etore,
rooms and flat, at 1350 and 135S Pacific street,
between Hyde and Leavenworth; lot 25x137:6
and two flats at 1623 and 1623VJ Grove street,
between Lyon street and Central avenue; lot
25x87:6 and flats at 307 and 307% Castro
street; unimproved lot 80x114 feet on the
northwest comer of Sanchez and Duncan
street*, at referee's sale; lot 24:6x100 feet and
Improvements at 743 Seventh avenue; a lot
25x90 fe«t on the southeast corner of Twenty
fourth and Douglass streets; 24x100 feet ad-
Joining on Douglass street; lot 25x114 feet and
cottage at OS Hancock street; unimproved
northeast corner of Bryant and Harriet Etreets.
Auction sales to take place in the
immediate future are announced by
Easton, Eldridge & Co.. G. H. Umb
sen & Co. and Madison & Burke. On
Tuesday of the present week Easton,
Eldridge & Co. will offer for sale the
following described properties:
Eonthwest corner of Jackeon and Devlsa
dero streets. 137:6x6.1:9 on the south line of
Pacific avenue, 120 feet east of Broderfck
street, the ! southwest corner of Clay and
Pierce streets. 127:8^x200:3, the northwtst
corner of Sacramento and Pierce streets,
127: 8*4x200:3. the southeast corner of Devlsa
dero and Jackson atreets, 32:SUxllO. on the
east elde of Leavenworth street. 87:6 north of
Turk. 50xS7:6. on the west line of Leaven
worth street. 57:6 south of Eddy, 25xS7:6; the
northeast corner of Koarny street and Hardie
place. .38x40; the southeast corner of Post and
Stockton streets. 25x70 feet on the west' Bide
of Keorny, 24 :8 north of Sacramento. 23: 9x
2S:11, and on the west lino of Stockton street,
92 feet north of Broadway. 45:6x68:0.
Hooker & Lent have sold for the
Crooks estate, at auction, 120 feet on
Stevenson street, 57 feet east of Third,
with a depth. of 13S feet, running to
Jessie street, with old three-story brick
building, to Mrs. Jlorffew and J. J.
Crooks for J107.F.00. The same prop
erty was sold in the fall of 1902 for
$SG,900. The same brokers also sold at
auction Nos. 917 to 921 Dupont street,
with lot 43x137:6, to R. S. Browne, for
$26,500, an advance of $500.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. will sell at auc
tion, probably in January, the proper
lies of the estate of C. J. Wlngerten.
These include the following:
SALES AT AUCTION".
.Rldeout to M. E. Million for $1050: east side
of Twentieth avenue, 250 feet north of I street,
37:0x120. A. Meyer to Harvey Lonsr. $1,175:
southwest corner of First avenue and Lake
street. 24:"J4xS7:C, J. M&rsden to J. A. Foster,
J3CC0; east side of Fifth avenue. 120 feet south
of H ctre€t, 50x120. C!ty Realty Company to
J. I. Holland, $2S0O; southwest corner of O
utreet and Tenth avenue. 25x100. decree C.
Edwards to Edward McGrath, $365.
Mra Smith Is Anxious
for Apprehension
of Kiniry.
Student at University-
Lying at Point of
Death.
Inter - Denominational
Conference Draw
ing to Close.
Several Large Transactions Are Consummated While
Smaller Sales Are Multitudinous— Three Auc
tions Announced to Take Place in Two Weeks
Ambrose Megaham, Prominent as Pedagogue, Swal
lows Poison in House in Process of Construction.
Body Found by Artisans When They Go to Work
URGES OFFERING
OF A REWARD
MISSIONARIES
DISCUSS WORK
WEEK JUST CLOSED IS MARKED
BY HUNDREDS OF REALTY DEALS
PRINCIPAL OF PERALTA SCHOOL
KILLS HIMSELF WHILE INSANE
GAS OVERCOMES
HIM IN SLEEP
TH5 SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY/DECEMBER 6, 1903.
39
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I (>*%£ S\S\ FAD h tf^i IDF OF ANY* DISEASE a
g iUI\ A |>UKL .,ORWEAKN:SS.. §
I ACUTE CASES ONE HALF PRICE. ' I
H n r At the r? qutst of numerous applicants to place mv ,B
n T * ie * Jtn - n their reach » I h* v e decided to make a special B
H r rate lor toatment i°°6 untH Dec - '? th « l903 » and S
** / Vsa u *k'- s ' 4^ e offer I* 515 wi" t' v; a written guarantee g
" Aw jp*i t0 ture ra
5 I%ft 'T£& > J&Sf Ail Disease*, and Weaknesses of Men, such g
n 1/ fc9 as Lost Vl£or. Premature Decay. Nervous De&ll- ¦
O I >-*•' ¦/ I* y. Rupture, Tumors, Var.cocele, Stricture, Con- B
9 <tf£*ifeu If tracrea Ailments, Specific Blood Poison, Eci-rma, g
B / Sleeplessness, Rheumatism, Neural £1; Kidney g
R Jlc^$ Diseases. Bladder Diseases, iiplne Diseases, Heart g
H / ?**y-^ \ Diseases, Skin Diseases. Stomach Diseases, Rectal S
° I ""La / Diseases, etc., or Any Uncomplicated ACment for «
O I £l i" a Pee of Only 525.00. g
er. HCLsaiAN. physician with an established reputation has B
G TLe '"^Sm. i e ve: b*1° T * l ivin ** P» bHc s " ch a £ep?rous propes i- B
U fr tion and you sr culi net let it pass you by. g
¦ REMEMBER — Cures Guaranteed or Money Refunded, g
O I recite no chare* for a frlcndlr tsJk er cerrecpo&4ence. I have bren cxcluslrelr B
n trvfttiar «P«c:sJ diseases of nen for 17 ytan. Nothir.c sdance can derlse or monrjr Q
S buy ts lacidnc In ray office eqnipineat. 1 will use you honestly. tr«*t you skillfully Q
tnd rertcr« you to be&lth In th« snorteft time, vrilh the least medidse. dlscemfort m
" ari expense practicable I »u*rantf« U cure any case I undertake. One personal '• 5
C T-lidt ts always preferred, bet If yoa <*nnot call at roy office write ra» your symptotas ¦
C fuiiy. Jltnj cutt eta U emtd ftt bom*. FR2Z BOOK doscrfbtas; »y specialty at O
tS offlc* or by nu.ll. BBB n
| C. K. H0L8MAN, M. D. Wtt«&W®r» fef. tV |
SnuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiBiiiii!iiiiiiiiii
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OOG©0(5@COOOe©eCO©©0©0©0©0©©0«©00003000000000©
I EASTERN OUTFITTING COMPANY!
2 I32O (328 Stockton St., Near Broadway, •
3 For Useful and Ornamental Christmas Presents. o
§ "WE rXTEHD TOT/ CBEDIT. OTJB CXEDIT PXXCSS 10 j
pis csirr lowib thak powaTOwar rcre cash. | q
© y£^- ¦ i»T2.oa" sio.oo. nm g
© This artistic 'combination Book Case and Writing Desk, solid maho«> •
0 any. very best piano finish. 6 ft. 5 in. high. 4 it. 1 in. wide; 2 French plata O
» mirrors on top. bent glass on Book Case. Positively one of ti*»7<) f\f\ O
% the most elegant combination Writing Desks shown by any >/£.VV O
q furniture house in this city. Price 7. - ©
A Solid mahogany Writing Desk. Just like picture, with **+* g*fk Q
A French plate glass 20x6.. French shaped legs jllU.UU •
© We show an endless variety of Offlce and Writing Desks. T *T •
2- 85.00^- 84.95- S9.0O- .„ '#
3* In rockers we are th* A Music Cabinet will b» 2T
W leaders. ' The one we Ulu»- ' an . acceptable Christmas) Jf
O trate above, made of- solid Dressing; tables. <juar- present to any piano play- W
A •" oak, ¦ quartered ¦ and ¦ pol- ter-aawed oak - and pol- er. The one which w* O
2 'lshed. upholstered- In- sen- lshed. French plate glass, show above Is a very hind- q
2 "Ine * leather, 'CC HA large roomy drawer, some article, and . finished
• : only ....;....... ©OevFU Price ........ CA Ck^t to mahogany or goldea *f
O Ea-y -way to buy a rock- .. O*t*t7eJ oak. Price CQ AA •
A-. er— 60c per week. Others up to $50.00 each. <JJC7*W A
A Have a new floor, covering for. your kitchen for Christmas- English Lin- O
A' oleum. 'the very, latest florav inlaid wood and block designs: made or the 0
A very best cork and linseed oil; 35c per square yard. Please bring the meaa- a
Z urementiof your rooms.' .^BMPftiiaBPMi O
Z Foot Stools In velvet, Axmlnster and tapestry ...Each6Oc 0
S Goods selected now will 'be kept and delivered for Christina*. 0
000«0009C08w©0090900COOOO©0000000000000000000One of the most pleasant fraternal
banquets that has been given for .a
long time in this city was that given
last Friday night by Altahmos Tribe
No. 87, Improved Order 'of Red Men,
In a Pine-street rotlsserie in celebra
tion of the seventh anniversary of Its
institution. It was. partaken of by
about 150 members of the tribe and
several specially Invited guests. Among
the latter were Porter I* Bliss, great
chief of records; W. L. Brobeck of the
Improved Order of Red Men's board of
relief; Past Sachem Dastugue of To
semite Tribe,' and several frlend3 of
the host tribe. An excellent menu hav
ing been disposed of, August E. Wess
ling, the toastmaster, called upon a
number of those present to respond to
toasts. "Great Chief of Records Bliss
responded to "Our Growth," telling of
the : advancement of the • organization
and of the progress of Altahmos Tribe;
Sachem H. M. Blankenstein told of the
work of the tribe during his term; Jo
seph T. O'Connor, past : sachem -of
Blazing Arrow Tribe, but how a mem
ber ; of Altahmos,' spoke of the virtues
of the Red Men ; Ernest C. Stock - ref
sponded ' to' the; press, and J. Harry
Hutaff, great representative, •" respond
ed to "The Great Council of the United
States." V ; In ¦ addition - to the regular
toasts there- were " songs by Joseph
Bed Men's Banquet.
Better a sore foe than a false friend.
Pen troubles disappear when you get a
fountain pen that fits your hand. Having
all kinds we can fit any hand. Prices
from $1.00- to J5.00 each. Sanborn. Vail &
Co., 741 Market street, selling agents for
the "Waterman," "Regal" and "Marshall"
fountain pens. ••
Hdsbtfl cf philosophy are good places
on which to freeze.
A voting machine was on exhibition
yesterday in the Registrar's office and
its workings were explained by rep
resentatives of the manufacturing
company. A number of city officials
Inspected the machine.
Exhibits Voting Machine.
endeavor to arrange a public recep
tion to the board on its arrival in this
city next April. Mr. Nlederlein in
formed the Mayor that Governor Taft
has appointed thirty-five prominent
men in ths Philippines on the board.
Mayor Schmitz assured Nlederlein
that he will arrange a reception to
the board In which all commercial
and civic bodies will be asked to join.
much decoration, but foliage and re-1
berries were arranged in the hall, and
vases of cut flowers were set in avail
able places. A large number of, callers
was received- during the afternoon and
delightfully, entertained. The hostess
was assisted by. her' daughter, Mrs.
Samuel Austin Wood, and the follow
ing friends: *
Mrs. Lucy Otis,, Mrs. James Otis,
Mrs. Charles Otis, Mrs. M. Hall McAl
lister. Mrs. Fred Lake. Mrs., Frank P.
jrcLcnnon, Miss Marjorie McLennun,
iiias Nellie Treat and Miss Agriea
Bowman.
* • •
Mra. Burns Macdonald and Mrs.
HiJda Baxter save their third lunch
eon jesterday at the "University Club in
honor of Mrs. Victor Clement of Salt
Lake City. The table was dec-orated
with American beauties. Three more
luncheons will complete the series.
The guests were:
Mrs. Thomas Porter Bishop, Mrs.
Ferdinand Stephen3on, Mrs. T. Dan
forth Boardman. Mrs. Frederick Klm
ball, Mrs. Fred Griffin, Miss Gertrude
Dutton, Miss Bcrnie Drown, Miss
Katharine Dillon, Miss Helen Wagner,
Miss Helen de Young, Miss Patricia
Cosgrave^ Miss Charlotte Ellin wood,
Miss Ardella Mills, Miss Leontine
Blakeman. Miss Ida Gibbons, Miss
Marjorie Gibbons, Miss Elizabeth Cole,
Miss Ethel Patton, Mrs. John Rodgers
Clark, Miss Amy Porter and Miss Ella
O'Connor.
Mrs. John F. Merrill, her daughter
in-law, Mrs. John Sroufe Merrill, and
her daughter, Mrs. Harry Bates, gave
a large reception on Friday afternoon.
Society turned out in great force and
there was a' large number of callers
present during the hours from 3 to 6.
The decorations of the handsome
home attracted much favorable com
ment for their beauty and artistic de
sign. A wealth of crimson hollyber
ries decked the spacious hallway and
were thrown into bold relief by the
rich, dark colorings of the sidewalls.
Vases filled with gorgeous double
while moonlight chrysanthemums
adorned the dining-room, while long
stemmed American Beauty rose3 in
tall jardinieres filled all the available
space that the drawing-room offered.
Mrs. Merrill had the assistance of a
large number of her older frlend3 in
receiving her guests and also the
young ladies who are member;? of the
auxiliary to the Children's Hospital.
Marguerite and Chrysanthemum aux
iliaries were also represented. Among
the number were:
Mrs. J. B. Stetson, Mrs. Horatio Put
nay Livermore, Mrs. Chauncey Rose
Winslow, Mrs. Robert Oxnard, Mrs. M.
Norris, Mrs. John F. Swift, Mrs. P. B.
Cornwall, Mrs. .H. L. Dodge, Mrs. Han
nah Gale, Mrs. W. R. Wheeler, Mr3.
Henry, F. Dutton, the Misses Beaver,
Mrs. Horace Wilson. Miss Ardella
Mills, Miss Ethel Dean. Miss Zelda Tif
fany, Mrs. David Pond, Miss Eleanor
Eckart. Miss Paula Wolff, Miss Castle,
Miss Mabel Toy, Miss Marie Bull,
Miss Mabel Hogg, Miss Painter, Mrs.
Norris Davis, Miss Cadwallader, Miss
Drown, Mrs. Latham McMullin, Mrs.
Laurance Scott. Mrs. Walter Martin,
Mrs. Silas Palmer, Mrs. Tiffany, Mrs.
Loosely and Mrs. Citolloni.
A charming luncheon was given a few
days ago to Miss Alice Sullivan by
Miss Helen Pettigrew. Fourteen of the
season's debutantes were seated at a
round table beautifully decorated with
American Beauty roses.
Miss Leontlne Blakeman will go East
at once with Mrs. Percy Kessler, nee
Cunningham, who is on her way to join
her husband at his new post v Mrs.
Kessler's three-year-old son and baby
daughter will complete the party. Miss
Blakeman will visit her cousin, Mrs.
Tomlinson, in New York.
Miss Wiltrude Spaulding of San Ma
teo has returned from an extended
Eastern trip.
A reception will be given In Golden
Gate Hall next Thursday, from 2 to 5
o'clock, by the ladies of 53 of the Asso
ciation of Pioneer Women of Califor
nia to commemorate the golden anni
versary of their arrival In this State.
Dr. and Mrs. Guy Hunt Cochrane,
who have been guests at the Sabin resi
dence for several days, will returnyto
their horrie in Los Angeles to-morrow.
Mr. and Mrs. E. J. de Hart and Mies
de Hart of.Portland, Or., are at The
Ralston for the winter.
» • *
, Mrs. Gerrett Livingston Lansing has
taken apartments for the winter at St.
Dunstan's.
The board of directors of the San
Francisco Art Association has decided
to open the Autumn Water Color and
Sketch Exhibition at the Mark Hopkins
Institute of Art free to the public for
one week. It is understood that this
privilege refers only; to , the Scarles
Gallery, where the pictures are on view.
The usual fee will be charged for ad
mission to the Institute. This action
has been taken In response to the very
great interest shown in this exhibition.
Nearly all of the sketches and water
Every night at midnight she prepares
lunch for workmen in the reduction
works. This morning after the last
shift of men had returned to work Mrs.
Zieglemaier started to clear off the
table. Suddenly the pair of robbers ap
peared at the open door and thrusting
forward a brace of revolvers command
ed her to throw up her hands.
. At that minute her hands gripped
firmly the sides of a dishpan filled with
chopped cabbage leaves. Impelled by
fright Mrs. Zieglemaier did . throw up
her hands, with the result that the
dishpan and cabbage : went straight into
the faJes of the highwaymen. Partly
blinded and taken completely by sur
prise, the robbers lowered their weap
ons. The woman's screams resounded
through the house, summoning her
sleeping husband, who ran out pistol in
hand. The highwaymen turned and
fled. Handkerchiefs covered the lower
part of their faces.
TACOMA, Dec. 5.— At 1 o'clock this
morning two masked robbers attempted
to hold up Mrs. Amelia Zisglemaicr,
proprietress of a boarding-house at the
Tacoma smelter.
. SpeciaJ DispatcU to Th* Call
The proceeds of the sales from the
l'^saar are to go toward "the refurnish
ing of Ihe church. Those 1 in charge
«f thr aJTair expect to realize a sum
caQcient to beautify their house of
vrorsbip. ; _ .. -. --/,
The orchestra of the church, com
pescd of twenty-five pieces .and led by
i >tto Fl<?l!?sner. discoursed fine music
throughout the afternoon and evening.
- t ; omo of t'ne women -to •whom the
tuccess cf the bazaar is due are Mrs. L.
A- Kelk-y. Mrs. J. K. S. Latham, Mrs.
Willjam Low, Mrs. Wenzelberger, Mrs.
B. B. Burns, Miss Mabel Donaldson,
Miss Lolla Wenzelberger. the Misses
Henrietta and Emma Moffat, Miss Hel
cn PaviE. Miss Frances Fisher, Miss
Paula. Wclff, Mrs. C. C. Gross, Mrs.
Henry L. Kins. Mm W. K. Guthrie,
Miss George, Miss Helen Wright, Mrt.
J. G. Gilmore, Miss Mabel Leonard,
i:iss XellJe Fordham, Mrs. Charles
Sage, Miss Florence Marvin, Miss Caro-
Itafj Huffman, Mrs. J. G. Conrad. Mrs.
rr. Dorr and Miss Jennie Beach.
Th? bazaar opened Friday night by
the women of the First Presbyterian
Church in the church parlors was con
tinue <I yesterday afternoon and even
\v.%. The attendance was large all after
;con and evening. The prettily deco
rated room3 contained many enticing
i!i:nss to sell and a large number of
sslcs were made.
First Presbyterian Bene
fit Very Largely .
Attended. .
Tacoma Woman Acci
dentally Roufcs Two
Armed Robbars.
BAZAAR PROVES
GREAT SUCCESS
CABBAGE LEAVES
DISMAY BANDITS
Mrs. Samuel Cutter Blgelow gave a
charming reception yesterday at ¦ her
home on Central' avenue. : The, beauti
ful.'drawmjr-rooms:did:noti permit of
Mr. and Mrs. A. W. Jackson for
mally presented their daughter, Miss
AHcp Jackson, yesterday afternon at
a large tea'. , The Jackson residence on
Clay bueet was handsomely decorated
for the occasion. The reception rooms
and Horary wcra made unteilc with
pink roses and carnations, fol lags was
used in the hall and yellow chrysan
themums predominated in the dining
room. There was a. stream of callers
between the hours of I and 6 o'clock,
and charming hospitality was dis
pensed. Those who assisted in receiv
ing were:' ; . ¦ ¦¦? f %'-'y :
Mrs. Howard Taylor, Mrs. James
Spalding, Mrs. F. G. Dennlnston, Mrs.
Hcber C. Tilden. Mrs. Charles Goodall,
Mrs. wniiam Loring, Miss 'Feldham,
Miss McMullin; Miss Mau. Mrs. Wil
liam Hoyey, Mrs. George Hooper, Mrs.
John Deahl, Miss Alicia Mills,' Miss
Winifred Leory,- Miss Edith Muir, Miss
Lilian Field, Miss Ethel Smith, Miss
Paula Wolff, Miss Bessie Wilson, Miss
Lulu Borhln and Miss Noelle de Golla.
The Colonial Dames held their an
nual breakfast yesterda'y at the Sorosis
Club. Covers were laid for eighty-eight
and the guests included the members
and a number of their friends "whom
they ppecially invited for the occasion.
Eleven tables were decorated in yellow
chrysanthemums. On each place card
was painted a figure of a Colonial Dame
In yellow and gold, the colors of the
society. Mrs. Selden Wright, the club
president, who has just returned from
the East, presided. Dr. Clampett said
grace and the breakfast proceeded. Mrs.
Eleanor. Brown'was toastmistress, and
the followjng guests responded to
toasts with much tact and cleverness:
Mrs. Burke Holliday, "The Obstacles of
the Colonial Dames": Mrs. Helen . D.
Thayer, "The Compensation of the Colo
nial Dames"; Mrs. Eleanor Brown, "The
Influence of the Colonial Dames." Dr.
Clampett closed the programme with a
brief address. ¦ After singing "Auld
Lang Syne" the guests departed. Those
in charge of the arrangements were
Mrs. Arthur W. Cross, Mrs. George
Gibbs, Mrs. Henry Van Winkle,. Miss
Elisabeth Jones and MrV. Birkmayer.
- The committee of arrangements com
prised the following named: Mrs. John
M. Burnett, Mrs. G. J. Bucknall,' Mrs.
E. T. Brice, Mrs. Peer Tiffany, Miss
Caroline Van Dyke, Miss S. M. Hunt,
Miss Agnes Lowry, Mrs. Jerome Mad
den, Mrs. . Callxte de Neryaud, Miss
O'Callaghan and Mrs. Pflngst.
• • •
The Women's Auxiliary of the So
ciety of California Pioneers heldits an
nual breakfast yesterday in the new
auditorium at Pioneer Hall. The sides
of the room were hidden by palms and
clusters of huckleberry greens, and the
tables were decorated with a profusion
of Christmas berries and lighted with
red-shaded candelabra. Covers- were
laid for forty-nine members, including
wives and quite a number of daughters
of early residents. The society now
numbers 110 members and represents
the prominent pioneer families of the
State. Mrs. John tl. Jewett was the
organizer and is now honorary presi
dent. . The other officers are: Mrs.
John M. Burnett, president; Mrs. G. J.
Bucknall, first vice president; Mrs. Peer
Tiffany, corresponding secretary; Mtss
Van Dyke, recording secretary, and
Miss Hunt, treasurer.
The'breakfast began at 1 o'clock, the
guests being seated at several round
tables. Mrs. John M. Burnett extended
a most cordial and gracious greeting.
Mrs. G. J, Bucknall was a charming
toastmistress, and after the dainty
viands had been dispensed toasts were
cleverly responded to, as follows: "The
Days of Old," Mrs'. Margaret Deane;
"Our Ideals," Mrs. Franklin Bangs;
"Essentials and Non-essentials," Mrs.
Milan Soule; "California, the Land That
We Love," Mrs. D. W. Montgomery;
"The California Pioneers," Mrs. James
Irvine. . - . .
The committee that brought the af
fair to such a pleasant culmination
consisted of: .
Mrs. S..^ S. Palmer, Mrs. Erne3t
Loigh, Mrs. M. S. Biven, Mrs. Walter
A. Scott and Mrs. Martha S. Gallo
way.
Mrs. Sydney Smith Palmer, Miss
Lucy F. Adams, Mrs. Kate Roy, Mrs.
Lefflngwell. Mrs. A. Keith, Mrs. Ernest
Leigh, Mrs. Limbaugh, Mrs. Scott. Mr3.
Cloak, Mrs. Kate Nesmlth, Mrs. Biven,
Miss C. Adams, Mrs. Ruddoch, Mrs.
von.Ahnden, Mrs. Boucher, Mrs. Gal
loway, Miss Xippert. Mrs. Murphy,
Mrs. John Madison, Mrs. Laura Bride
Powers, Miss Eliza D. Keith, Mrs. J.
J. Donnelly, Mrs. Marsh, Mrs. Tillson,
Mrs. Meyers, Mrs. Hornberger, Mrs.
MfWiliams, Mrs. Gurnett, Mrs. Tem«
pJettiu; Miss Clark, Mrs. Gamase,
Mrs. Tuska, Miss White, Mrs. Ryan,
Mrs. Morse, Mrs. Norton, Miss Levy.
Mrs. Tricon, Mrs. Bruckman, Miss
Bt;ic!\man.
The guests were greeted by « the
president, Miss Lucy F. Adams, in a
charming little speech, after which a
dainty menu was discussed. The
music, drawn from guitars and man
dolins, proved one of the pleasantest
features of the afternoon. Mis Eliza
D. Keith performed her function of
toastrr.istress most creditably. The
following toasts were responded to:
"Daughters of California Pioneers,"
ilrs. Alice M. Morse; "Our Fathers,"
Mrs. Kcte Nesfield; "Nuts to Crack,"
Mrs. M. L. Gamagre; "The Future,"
Miss Annie Tlllson; "The Bear Flag,"
Mrs. Kate Hoy.
The following: ladies sat at the ban
quet board:
The table, honseshoe-shaped, was
laden with chrysanthemums, violets
snd f»rns and was lighted from above
by a rosy slow from weird lanterns,
from which bunches of Tiuckleberry
aml ferns hungr in profusion.
The annual, breakfast of the Daugh
ters of.. California Pioneers was held
yesterday in the banquet-room of the
California Hotel. This society is com
posed of lineal descendants of pioneers
ana the toasts of the -day were in the
nature of tributes to their worth, so
cial and civic.
Daughters of California Pioneers Pay Tribute to
Worth of Their Progenitors— Colonial Dames
and Woman's Auxiliary Sit at Festal Board
ARGONAUTS' DESCENDANTS ENJOY
BREAKFAST AT THE CALIFORNIA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. DECEMBER. 6. 1903
Gustavo Niederlein, member of the
Philippine Board,- having in charge
the Philippine exhibit at the world's
fair exposition in St. Louis next year,
visited Mayor Schmltz yesterday in an
To Arrange a Recaption.
Egan, stories by "Pop" Apple. "Past"
Sachem of the Old Guard Patterson
and "Brother" Nathan, arid then more
songs by J. H. and M. Fitzgerald.
Emello Lastreto, great representative,
now in the southland In the hope of
regaining his health, sent a telegram
of congratulation to the tribe and the
company drank to hl3 health. During
the repast an orchestra discoursed
popular airs.
colors are for sale at quite moderate
prices and, while a number have al
ready been sold, there are many that
are still under consideration. By hav
ing a week during -which visitors may
examine the pictures at their leisure
free of charge, intending purchasers
will have ample opportunity to make
up their minds as to the rival attrac
tions of the pictures which line the
walls.
40
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
' | 1
It's less than three weeks now to Christmas— the happiest
..day of all the year. Can't you hear, in imagination, the shrieking
laughter of the youngsters — the happy shouts — the mad music of fife
. and drum — the cooing of the little mothers to their new doll babies?
Can't you see the happy— the supremely happy faces of the grown-
N'othing will make the eyes of mother, fa .
wife, sister or friend sparkle more bright- s^asfJSs^EI&L '
Iy v.ith delight on Christmas morning than
to f;nd a new fur jacket or neckpiece i$&iilii!!pT^t^
If you buy it iicre you will have a iwm^S^^MS^^ J
practically unending variety to choose from T§ffl»aJBpk£te3& • i
sr.d will save enough to buy a present
for every other member of the family. °k $¦
Fur Jackets = 525.00 (o §350.00 Jljm^
Neck Furs = = $1.00 to $350.00 /fT^rn^
Matched Far Sels— Hat, Mnff and Boa, /J M
Ladies* Cloth Jackets
ftth Ladies' l/elour Coats
V Ladies' Tailor Dresses
Giveabie Ladles' Walking Suits
ThJngS Ladies' Feather Boas
That YOU Ladies* Neck Ruffsjti
r Ladies' Silk "Waists
Call Bliy tO Ladies' Petticoats j* at
Advantage Ladies' Trimmed Hats
upfg Ladies' Tailor Hats &
! Ladies* Undermuslins
Ladies' Underwear **
1 l&jfo^J^l^j^
Glove Orders 1^ V^/P Merchandise Orders
Grand Holiday Sale of Art Ware
At 1/t; Off Regular Prices.
Christmas is not far off. Goods in this sale are now in greatest demand for llolk'r.v Gifts —
and in the face of this we make the surprising announcement that every article in our *Art Ware
Department will be offered during this month at 25% 'ess than regular prices. We find ourseive.s
greatly overstocked and stock must be reduced. When you consider that our regular prices for
these goods are more reasonable than those asked for similar goods elsewhere, the great importance
of this offer, will at once be recognized. Included in the sale are :
Rear Bronze Ornaments — J4 Oif ; " *," Bohemian Art Glassware — 14 Off
Statuettes in Busts and Figures, with electric lights. Vasss and Bowls in unique shapes and artistic colorings.
Beautiful Art Bronzes — 54 Off Hand Engraved Glassware — % Off
For the cabinet — Animals and Birds of all kinds. Choice Karlsbad Vasts engraved in exquisite designs.
Choice Kayserzinn Novelties — J4 Off Novelty Liquor Sets — »4 Off
Trays, candle sticks, bottle holders, vases, liquor sets, etc. Representing automobiles, telephones, etc— mtirely new.
Fancy Metal Art Objects — % Off Fancy Metal Smoking Sets — \\ Off
Busts, Statuary, Groups, etc., in old bronze finish. A largt variety of odd designs, in handsome effects.
See. show window display of these beautiful goods. We suggest an early visit for best selections.
Clearance of Imported Neck Ruffs CEp?£)
AT LESS THAN HALF PRICE
.It is impossible to overestimate the importance of this very remarkable transaction. We offer
Monday at most unusual concessions in prices an immense line of exquisite French creations in
Ladies' Neck Ruffs, beautifully made of Chiffon, Mouseline and Liberty Silk — in white, black and
combination of black and white — coming with the advent of the Christmas season these handsome
articles of neckwear will not last long at these astonishing prices :
. NECK RUFFS, real value I5.50, $6.00 and $6.5o...>.en sale at J2.90
NECK RUFFS, real value 57.00, f8.oo and $8.50 on sale at $3.85
NECK RUFFS, real value $10.50, $11.00 and $12.50... on sale at $5.50
NECK RUFFS, real valut $14.00, $15.00 and $16.00.. .on sale at $6.75 - .-
HOUSE FURNISHING DEPARTMENT KNITTED VESTS AND BLOUSES
Vwo Special Offerings for Monday <At very Special Prices
(Second Floor Sutter St.) (Third FJoor. Kearay Street)
COMFORTERS— A special lot— large size and covered Ladies' Wool GOLF VESTS, woven in pretty stitches,
with fine auality silkoHne; they ar« well in red, white, black and navy blue, with
stitched and filled with pure white cotton; +i Aft neatest of colored stripes; real value $2.25 C4 ,--
special to-morrow at each «p!.W each; sale price Ipl.f O
CARPET SQUARES— So great has been the demand Ladies' Wool KNIT BLOUSES, made of best grade of
for these Art Squares, that we secured ah- worsted— colors red, white and navy blue —
other large lot. They are extra heavy, fine just the thing for winter wear; can be worn
colors, size 3x4 yards and can be used upon A - rt with or without a coat. Priced for this sale r
the floor in any part of the house. Special at «$>twU at
Appropriate Christmas Gifts in ("utSO
Real Shell* Gun Metal and Ebony Goods
REAL EBONY GOODS GENUINE GUN METAL REAL SHELL GOODS
The variety this season surpasses Wc show a S reat variety of exqui- Nothing is more acceptable as a giit
anv former assortment— all are hand- s ' te art^l cs » D " tn useful and orna- than a pretty shell comb. A great
any former assortment-al are hand mental> lhat flre mads from h , variety of styles and prices here to
somely decorated with sterling silver: handsome metal: choose from:
Hair Brushes ....$1.00 to $3.50 Match Boxes $1.65 to $3.50 Side Combs .63c to $7.00
Military Brushes..... $1.00 to $2.50 Pen Holders $1.25 to $4.25 Back Combs <l. CO to: 0.00
Hand Mirrors $2.00 to $3.50 Lead Pencils 50c to $3.00 Hair Retainers 70c to $2.75
Cloth Brushes $1 .25 to $2.25 Cigar Cutters $1.50 to $3.00 Neck Combs 60c to $3.00
Hat Brushes ..85c to $1.50 Coin Holders $1.25 to $4.00 Loop Hair Pins... ....$2 00 to $5.00
Dressing Combs 50c to $1.00 Pocket Knives 85c to $3.00 Hair Pins 10c to 50c
Also Ebony Toilet and Manicure • Also Cigarette Cases, Cigar Holders, Just received new Hat Pins —
Sets, silver mounted, $2.75 to $20.00 Chatelaine Bags, Neck Chains, etc. beautiful assortment. 25c to $3.50
We engrave initials FREE on all Ebony and Gun .Metal Goods — but don't wait until the
Christmas rush — select now that we may give the work proper attention.
Holiday Novelties in Art Embroidery •vs^rst)
Our famous , and well known Art Department was never more ready for your Christmas
selections. Richest ideas in Art Needlework are now being shown — daintiest designs in hand paint-
ing on Silk and Satin, Pyrographic Articles, Lace Scarfs, Pin and Sofa Cushions, etc. We mention
a few novelties that ar« attractively priced :
SOFA CUSHIONS, beautifully hand embroidered Pretty HAT-PINCUSHIONS, made of light color
In Poppy, Pansy, Clover and other designs $5.70 satins, a very useful article.. 50c
PIN CUSHIONS, with poppy design exguisitely em- VEIL CASES, mads of Tan Linsn, with artistically
broidered in Chenille ; trimmed with silk $2.50 painted floral designs— a very pretty novelty.... $2.25
Point d'Esprit TOILET SETS, pretty insertion of lace LETTER HOLDERS, of Tan Linen, with finely
and trimmed with ribbons $1.50 painted design of, mail-box and lamp-post $2.00
JEWEL BOXES of light colored satin, with pretty Dainty SHAVING PAPER HOLDERS, b«U shape,
designs in ribbon embroidery $1.35 handsomely embroidered in holly design $1.25
By selecting now you reap the advantage of an unbroken collection, and we will reserve any-
thing you may purchase for delivery at a later date. ¦ .>;
Sale of Ladies' Stylish Waists cssirsn
Considerably Below Regular Prices
Dainty Waists of Oxfords, Alpacas, Albatros, etc., in the Embroidered Waists of Bedford Cords and Reps, dainty
neatest of dots and fancy stripe effects; all 0 ~ ,__. designs on white and black ground— made *- A
this season's styles, were $4.50; sale price. . . 3«.(3 in the most charming styles; were $7.00, now $5.00
Handsome Waists of Wool Albatros, In all the desirable Waists of fine imported Wool Crepes, Reps and Henrietta
colors— some tucked, others accordion pirated; + A - A Cloth, In fancy stripes, black and white +, «^
were $5-75, sale price $*.5U figures, etc ; were $8.75, sals price $6.00
I t==s= f$s$b li&M *~ • I
i Dry Goods Company; . |
! LAD8ES' HANDKERCHIEFS fj
Showing the Lariest Importation of Excfusve ind irlglnal (leas fn w j
> These Articles Ever iftown Here . - ©j
t Real Armenian Lace-Trim- Embroidered Sheer- Linen ©j
- med Handkerchiefs, Arab- Handkcrcfrefs in a mul- ©
' ian linen Ia^rn centers; the tiplicity of patterns, showing; o I
> make confined strictly to strong: values. Pnces . 15C, g s
> our house Prices 75c. $1.00, 25c,50c,75c and $1.00 each, gj
| $125. $L50 and $1.75 each. r Embroidered §!
Arabian Linen Lawn Hand- HandkcrcnIefs in modcs gj
» ¥™ hlf * S - ? lt , h hand T" that are original and artistic, $ !
broidered initials; an exdu- ahowiag many notkeaBlc g
j r:ve importation, put up , in Hti £ PHces . . . . $1.00, g j
fancy boxes containing; halt £, 5Q $2 0Q $3 OfJ $4 ofJ Q
a dozen. Prices .,_ frt «oc c\r\ ,—rh ®
! 25c and 50c each. $500 op to 52500 "^ 1 1
! (Initialed Sheer-Linen Hand- Real Duchcsse Lace Hand- * I
> kerchiefs, hand embroid- kerchiefs, a fresh importa- © j
| ercd letters, in fancy boxes tion containing; a number oi $ j
i containing; half a dozen, with first showing;:: in designs. O
> 36 styles to select from. Prices $1.(K), 2i
! Prices .. $1.00. $150, $3.00, $1.50, $2.00, 52.50, $3.00, q.
' $4.50 and $6.00 a box. $4.50, $5.00 up to §25.00 each, gj
J : ; , • o|
j Initialed, Embroidered and Lace Trimmed Handkerchiefs gj
i On Arabian Linen Lawn, Sheer Irish Unrn, Ltcen Cambric and Shamrock Lawn. O j
! AH Our Handkerchiefs Pat Up in Handsome Boxes. £
1 CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY. %\
» ( rtrv red StocHoa Strejti, Union Soum. § '¦
I GET YOUR GLOVE ORDERS AT THE "CITY OF PARIS." © j
NEWMAN & LEVINSON.
ADVEBTLSEMENTS.
RAPHAEL REYES, j
The Mftn of the Hour in Co-
lombia.
The Columbus of Panama and
His Wonderful Discoveries.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
SEE THE PICTURES.
SMA/ui ¦ sex ¦wy-VHStpil^BBKf
'¦ tvsTjtfotrr. .:. ctrrrrpvn- • „.'.„- j. '.!rT : '
: -»< jx* &&. £&£crjt/cjrry « ojk. ' '
JTAAr/OAT TJf/J &/!£/( - «£4Z£ OJt
I ;__ : ,•- / ,; .PKK/TJZt . - , . .¦..-:,•-,
369 Sutter Street,
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes ars removed by
DR. and MRS. A. W.\ TRAVERSE. Donohoe
buildine. 1170 Market iitreet. cor. Taylor,' rooms
2S-23. with the electric needle without pain or
•car: permanency iruaranteed: hours 1 to 4 am.
FINEST AND LARGEST SELECTION
Paintings Cabinets ¦
* Pictures Tables
Miniatures ITflT TTI A IT Desks
Statuary H 1 1 I i II II Y Clocks
In' Bronze 0 11 III I M Lam P s "
Marble llUJJiLPll 1 China and
Ivory Glassware
Artistic Pottery
Electric - flTTIflin Shaving,
Fixtures • 3 I HI V Smoking and
Brass IT IP 1-1 1 Card Sets.
Goods; U^***M Thousands
S. & G. GlJfV&P CO.
Open Evenings. - - 113 Geary St.SAX JOSE, Dec 5. — A reorranlzatlon of tha
Sent*. Clara County Bar Association is con
templated by tbe attorneys of San Jose and
S&nta Clara County. A meeting of the lawyers
•wa* held at the courthouse to-day, when a
committee on reorganization reported. It is
proposed to combine the Bar Association and
the Sau Jore Law Library In one organization.
The police were notified yesterday
that while a wagon belonging to the
United Undertakers was standing at
the corner of Eighth and Harrison
streets on Friday afternoon a small
leather satchel, containing embalming
fluid* and implements, was stolen.
The value of the articles is placed
at $25.
Steal Embalming Fluids.
Pacific Council of the National
Union will celebrate the twelfth anni
versary of its institution by giving a
grand bail in Native Sons* Hall on the
night of Thursday next. The grand
march will be started at half past 8
o'clock.
Pacific Council's Anniversary.
Music at the Park.
The following programme will be
rendered by the Golden Gate Park band
this afternoon:
"?tar S^ansrlpJ n&sn«r." national anthem.
V. S. A. The audience la requested to arise
snil retn.iin stan-Jing during the rendition of
th!* number: march, "A <"oon Hand Content."
Arthur I'ryvr- <-vertur». "Poet and Peasant,"
Funr*": via.!tz. "'EiJlr'CPnec." Czbultca: »olo for
l-p.ryton*. selected. Walter H. ColvenS; selection
frcra *¦ Marl tans." V.*allac<: overture. "Rlenzl."
"H<itvai!sin Songs." Bersrer; descrip
tive. "A Bottle Scene," Hartznan: Miserere
frcm "II Trcvator*," Verfil: selection ircta
"Mikado," Ss31raa: "America."
The Treble Clef Club, one of the
prominent mysical societies of this
city, will have an open rehearsal in
Steinway Hall to-morrow afternoon at
3 o'clock. A programme that will de
light lovers of music will be pre
sented.
Treble Clef Club.
No charge for lettering your name in
gold on pocketbooks. card cases, cameras,
traveling sets, trunks, valises, dress suit
cases cr any other fine leather goods pur
chased at our store. Sanborn, Vail & Co.*
First Battalion of Artillery reported
during the week at Battery Slauughter,
Presidio, for instruction at the eight
inch guns. Lieutenant Garber, U. S. A.,
who is acting instructor of the bat
talion, thoroughly explained the mech
anism of gun and r carriage,,the various
kinds of projectiles and powder used,
the chart, azimuth instrument and cor
rection tables. The "non-coms" were
then drilled in the manual of the piece
for two hours and dismissed.
Lieutenant F. S. Emmal has been
recommended for promotion to captain
and assistant surgeon of the battalion.
"Regimental commanders should pre
scribe both the theoretical and the
practical instructions for their regi
ments and Insure their uniformity in
the several companies. To • that end
they should require their field officers
to visit the companies frequently for
the purpose of instruction. Brigade
commanders should visit each unit of
their commands, either personally or by
staff, at least once a year. It Is noted
with regret that, these essentials have
been generally omitted and attempts
made to supply their omissions during
encampments. The work of a year can
not be crowded Into a week of camp.'
Much can be accomplished in that time,
but much more can be accomplished if
officers and men are properly instructed
In the armories during the year."
During November twenty-three en
listed men have been discharged from
the service of the State out of , the Fifth
Infantry, sixteen on account of re
moval, six at expiration of term of en
listment and one for the good of the
service.
The school of instruction . for the of
fleers of the Naval Militia at this port
was opened on; board the "Marion last
week, with Lieutenant J. T.. McMillan,
U. S. N., of the'hydrographic office as
instructor. There will be instruction
every Monday and Thursday until each
officer becomes; a proficient navigator.
Arrangements J^ave been completed
for the Naval Militia clambake, to be
held at ! California City December - 20.
The^ Marion's steam launch will a tow, a
line of cutters with men of the two "di
visions in them to the point of destina
tion.
The officers and "non-coms" of the
COMMANDERS' OMISSIONS.
Another evidence of dilatorlness In
the National Guard is made apparent
in an order recently issued from head
quarters In Sacramento. It follows:
"The attention of all commanding
officers, and also all officers of the de
partment of rifle practice is called to
the fact that, with the exception of
the report for Troop B, cavalry, all
reports of target practice for the pres
ent year are now delinquent so far as
their receipt by the Inspector of gen
eral rifle practice is concerned."
At various times in the last two years
orders issued from the various head
quarters have been sent out in any
style and on all sizes of paper, and as
this practice has been commented upon
adversely orders have been issued that
hereafter all orders must be issued on
paper 5x7% inches. As soon as the same
can be obtained from the War Depart
ment at "Washington, D. C, files of a
suitable size for filing letters will be
issued to the different organizatolns.
The guard of the State has been or
dered to change the color, of chevrons
and trouser stripes from light blue to
white.
The division commander has come to
the conclusion that all is not as it
should be In the guard, for In a recent
order he says:
"For the lack of uniformity and in
struction given the men company com
manders are not alone responsible. It
is the duty of field officers to frequent
ly visit the companies under their
charge and see that they are given
complete and uniform instruction in
everything that the drill regulations
prescribe, not only the usual amount
of arms and company movements, but
bayonet exercise, guard and outpost
duty and extended order. A field of
ficer's responsibility is not limited to
the period of encampment or of assem
blies for parade. It extends through
out the year for the instruction of both
officers and men.
DUJLTOBY OFFICERS.
Another step In the direction of re
deeming the National Guard of Cali
fornia has been taken. It Is the call
ing for a meeting In the Assembly
Hall of the Mills building at 2 o'clock
on the afternoon of Thursday, Decem
ber 17, of brigade, regimental and
other commanding officers for the
purpose of discussing matters of In
terest to the organization and secur
ing uniformity of instruction and care
of property, to the end that needed
improvements may be made and that
all organizations brought to a degree
of efficiency.
United States Inspector Colonel W'll
helm and Colonel Bangham, assistant
adjutant general, visited the United
States arsenal at Benlcia last week
and there obtained Information to the
effect that during the current week
all organizations of the National
Guard in the State, will be provided
with Krag-Jorgenson rifles to replace
the Springflelds previously Issued.
This will be on the basis of fifty to all
companies or organizations except ar
tillery, which will be allowed seventy
for each battery. When this arm is
issued the commanding officers will
be Instructed to the effect that the
new rifles will have to be cared for
differently from the Springflelds and
that they will inspect or have them
inspected at least once a month, and
further that the weapon will not stand
the rough usage that is often given to
the Springfield. The arm is more ef
fective, requiring more attention.
The commanding officer of each
company of infantry, battery of ar
tillery and troop of cavalry has been
ordered to make immediate requisi
tion direct upon the quartermaster
general for not less than fifty nor
more than sixty dress coats ami caps,
except the artillery, which will be
allowed seventy for each battery.
Commanding officers of the Signal
Corps and Sanitary Corps will make
requisition for caps and coats neces
sary for the number of the men of
their detachments, and regimental
commanderji and the commanding of
ficer of the battalion of artillery will
make requisition for the necessary
number for non-commisioned staff
and bands of their commands. If
there are more than sixty men in an
organization except the artfllery some
men will be shy new caps new
coats.
In the case of Mrs. Ludmiller Bel
mont, who died on October 28, a verdict
of natural causes was returned.
The same Jury blamed R. C. Hares,
a helper in the United States Mint, who
was killed on October 27 in an elevator
accident. The verdict reads: "And we,
the undersigned jurymen, find that the
above R. C. Hares came to his death
through accident by running the ele
vator in U. S. Mint through careless
ness by himself." ":>•''.
Verdicts of accident were returned In
the cases of F. II. Knowlton, gas suf
focation, October 27, and Annie Mc-
Nab, who was suffocated with him.
In the case of Edgar Trefts. killed on
October 2S, the verdict reads: "And
we, the jury, find that same was caused
by accident by trying to Jump on the
car of the United Railroads while car
was in full motion on Ellis street, be
low Webster."
A verdict of suicide was rendered In
the case of Gustaf Lofgren, who shot
himself through the head last Friday.
Daniel Sheehan, an unfortunate la
borer, 62 • years old, who was killed
last Thursday by a cave In a sewer on
China avenue, between London ami
Paris streets, was blamed by a Coro
ner's jury yesterday for his own death.
After reciting the circumstances the
verdict goes on to say: "And we, the
jury, find that said Daniel Sheehan
came to his death by accident by not
properly supporting the excavation on
which he was working."
Sheehan, with several other laborers,
was digsinc: a trench preparatory to
the construction of a sewer, and the
bank caved in upon them, burying
them to the hips. All were speedily ex
tricated without material injury, but
the mass of earth had fallen upon
Sheehan in such a way as to fracture
his spine.
It appears that the trench was being
dug on the ground that had been-fllled
in, and the soil was therefore very
loose, a fact unknown to the workmen
at the* time.
Faults Discovered by Divi
sion Commander Subject
of Comment.
Declares F. H. Knowlton and
Annie McNab Were Vic
tims of Accident.
Jury , Says Two Men
Were Responsible for
Their Own Deaths.
Soldiers to Be Provided
With Krag-Jorgen
sen Rifles.
GUARDSMEN WILL
EFFECT CHANGES
INQUESTS HELD
IN MANY CASES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1S03.
41
0sjf^ Imported Millinery
AT HALF PRICES
? "t All our fine Imported Hats are now
(^^^ — marked less than European cost,
which in many cases is less than half
/r"^ vvN. price, every one of which we brought
i \^s\3 \ directly from Paris. All 'millinery
fX | O/ X reduced one-half during this sale —
r<> \ Vll Vw Walking, Outing, Ready-to-wear
ijr 'J' l *-A»i'jt \\\ Hats, every style, etc., latest, must be
sold, making space for eariy spring importations.
$10.00 and $i2.oo now ?3.OO
$30.00 and $3500 now ?15.OO
$15.00 and $18.00 now ?7.5O
$^0.00 and $50.00 now :... J?20.00
$20.00 and $22.50 now $10.00
Phipps & Atchison Hats. $8.50, $10.00, $12.50, now ...?3.OO
20 PER CENT REDUCTION ON LADIES' COATS,
DRESSES AND GOWNS. This is a great reduction at any time,
bet when it applies to our new extensive and exclusive stock of la-
dies' fine outer wear it is one of ereat interest to purchasers. HOL-
IDAY GIFTS REDUCED— ACCEPTABLE, DESIRABLE. Im-
ported hand-made and embroidered Silk, Flannel and Linen Waists
at reduced prices. Imported Neckwear, latest Fifth-avenue styles. •
Children's wear complete from shoes to hats. Parisian Belts at re-
duced prices.
Genuine $35.00 Electric Sealskin c^^^
Jackets. All Sizes for $25.00 Jyli
This is our famous $35.00 Electric Sealskin Jacket. *4(tSB&S&S$fo.
rcJi'J" in flip latest stylo, superbly lined and finished. ffigK£^Kyfflf
ft.'irft quality, selected whole skins mo piecing), all BB3xtB&m!&0i
Fiz.es from 2" to 44 bust. Country orders carefully ffljSfiraBgffi^i
: 'furs, stoles and muffs
In sin rr.dless variety of styles, in exclusive and OTlg-
Ir.al o^si^ns in ail of this season's fashionable Furs
from S2.5O to S1.1O.OO. • /^t^^^P
Blended Brook Mink, long double stole, with 4 choice mv^mtlfiTm
Eable Fox Tails, oord and tassel fastening. Extra 'ILiSRWIl'*
Fpc-cial value. SS. ."»O.
Natural Brook Mink, long- double stole, with 4 Sable Fox Tails. Very
handsome and surprisingly cheap. Only jgft.OO-
Genuine Black Marten Cluster Scarf. 6 choice Tails. Very stylish
and serviceable. Regular price $7.50. Our special price. S5.O0-
Genuine American Stone Marten Cluster Scarf. 6 choice Tails: dressy
and durable: exceptional value for 84.00
Children's and Misses' Fur Sets. Stoles and Muffs and separate Col-
lars, in all appropriate I-^irs. ranging from SI. 25 to $20.00
THINGS, CL04 ff fur CO. &
WEA*R*217Grant &^.mmm
ADVERTISEMENTS.
a booiStore for '
BOYS AND GIRLS
"We devote one entire floor
to books for boys and girls.
There are thousands of books
for young readers of every
age at the most moderate
prices. Search from Maine
to California^ you will find
no better collection*
EVERY BOOK WANTED
BY BOYS AND GIRLS IS
HERE J* J* j* Jt ,
and always at the right price.
A visit will prove a pleasure.
SPECIAL SALE ;0F BOOKS
at 25 c
Monday and this week -in
our new basement salesroom.
5000 books, 500 titles, usually
50c, this week 25c each.
CATALOGUE FREE.
THE NEW BOOK STORE
L. H. CARY, Mmager.
Telephone MAIN 5988.
23 Grant Ave., San Francisco.
PfllarP DON'T FAIL TO
lataWV gee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
5111(1 room, the EMPIRE
auu PARLOR, the
/V j PALM ROOM, the
llf/lliU LOUIS XV PAR-
UiailU LORt and the LA .
W DIES' WRITING
Hotels room.
Ra cing ilSS^^Radng !
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
Commencing November. l«Vp99CflB§
Racine , Each Week ; Dar. Katn or Shla*.
Six or More Races Daily.
Ktcta commenct af 2:15 p. m. sharp.
. For special trains stopping as the track taJt*
6 P. Ferry, foot ; ot Market street, at 13.
12:30. '1:00 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No « mowing sa
last two ' cars.- which ¦ ar* - reserved (or : ladlM
and - their ; escorts. -* - ~ ' - ¦'¦¦¦¦ -'¦ ¦:-'-<<
Returnlnr. :• trains ' leave track >. at 4:19 . uj
4:iB and Immediately Hfter the lam race. , ,. -,
THOMAS H.- WILLIAMS. President,
. rERCT W.' TREAT. Secretary.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
irAkiFORNlA]
Uj TO-NIGHT. \§*\
I Th« Evtr Welcome raro'ilte, \jt \
lT l Ygstrrsa Tifflt0Tn!l
YON SON
With Nelse Erlckson. th» greatest of all
Swedish dialect comedians,
INezt Sunday — Joseph Hart •
Tand Carrie do Mar In \W*
FOXY GRANDPA. ) fc^
. HE AT Rill
ALCAZAR 3 "'^^"
General Manager.
Matinee To-Day— To-Night.
A POOR RELATION
"A Smile Twister and a Tear Starter."
Etc.. 25c to 75c: Mats Sat. & Pun.. 15c to 50c.
TO-MORROW NIGHT— ONE WEEK.
First San Francisco Production of the Ro-
mance of Russia.'
A ROYAL,
PRISONER
CHRISTMAS— "BLUE JEANS."
Market st.. Near Eighth. Phone Sooth 533.
MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT LAST TIME.
THE COUNTERFEITERS
TO-MORROW .NIGHT— ALL NEXT" WEEK,
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
Tbe Great Sensational Melodrama.
NEW YORK DAY BY DAY
: A Reflex of Every-Day LiCe In* Gotham.
A Stupendous Production*. Matchless Orig-
inal Stcry. With Rare Heart Interest and
Abundant Comedy. Marvelous Electrical Ef-
fects.
PDirEC Evenings...... 10c to 50c
rniWCJ Matinees... 10c. 15c. 25c
SATURDAY NEXT AT 3 P. M.
IN STEINWAY HALL
ANOTHER PIANO RECITAX. will b* given by
MR. PERCIVAL K. VAN YORX. With the
Aid of
THE ANQELUS
SOLOIST.
MARY GARPAHETTO, Soprano
Complimentary tickets may be secured at pur
¦tor* any j time before , the recital.
. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
'; Kearny and Sutter Sts.; 3. F.
r anscEUJUTEOirs AarusEMEarrs.
SAH; FRANCISCO BY AUTOMOBILE.
Bates ; Leas Than Carriis* Hire.
Gall MOBILE Carriage (to
GOLDEN GATE AND VAN NES3 AVES."
Phones Larkin 3S41. Poik 3088. .
Downtown , office. Lobby . Palace ' Hotel." Pboa«*
Bush ,853. -
Too can secure these cars at thm offle of any
hot cl or c*X«.- Oj*n . night and j day.- •.
K^xrv \»1 Ksrt £9 S/rr>^3W^ v ft) S^fil^^fl
I TO-NIGHT AT 8:20.
Every nlsht this week and Sunday In-
cluded. Matinees next Saturday and Bun-
day.
Ellery's
Italian
Band
Half a Hundred Artists.
To-n!ght. Modern Italian Composers.
To-morrow nisht. Verdl-Blzet Night.
Every Nlcht Kew Features and Soloists.
Reserved Seats. 2Rc. COc. 75c. Box II.
Seat Sale To-day at Alhambrn.
Phone Hyde 1471.
All week at Sherman, Clay tt Co. ¦•
Wednesday Matinee at 2:30 In Kew
Greek Theater. Berkeley University. Take
1 or 1 :30 boat.
Admteslcn, COc. Tickets at Sherman. Clay
& Co.'s.
WEEK BEGINNING
MATINEE TO-DAY.
M'ARIB HEATH
iXD EXCILuTBT C0M?ART. •
— : —^ xn tsx3 CHAitamro
F?B^m FW EUEAL SSiXA O7
E %*Jr B \; WEW ENGLAND ZJCPE
MOTHER'S
A CO3TPI.STB jm mf *-*
SCENIC *5 /A B\ g-*,
nmrcc. enkkings :.i5c. 25c. boc. 75c
FHltbb:- MATINEES.... ...15c. 25c. 50c
MATINEES THURSDAY AND ' SATURDAY.
High-Class Specialties Eferj Afternoon and
Evening In the Theater.
ALLEN SISTERS: EVANGAL.INB DOWE:
CONLEY AND KLEIN: THE LA MOINES:
FLOOD AND HAYES: STANLEY AND
CARLISLE: MABEL LAMSON and
NEW . MOVING PICTURES.
BEE THE BABIES IN THE INFANT INCU-
BATORS.
EAMASB7AS TBt TKS , 2OO.
tots of Pun in the Penny Arcade.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
___AJ3MISSION : _l£crCHILDREN ; _5c— — —
-j^sosM^^xaM^AMra^acBKTS;^^
jEXCUftsioNrlro na 'r'Al
Recollect that the : weather Is ; <iellxhtful in
- Napa when It Is cloudy In San Francisco. .
% ,BTXAUJ!S ST. HELIKA
WILL LEAVE WASHINGTON-ST: WBAR7,
Pier 3, at 10 a. m.,
BVTSTDAY, SECSM3EB 6.
RAIN OR ; SHINE.
Tickets, round trip. 5O cents. -
DANCING ON BOARD STEAMER. -
- GOOD MUSIC. a."
BETRESHMENTS ON BOARD STEAMEB.
y
FOR
SENSIBLE HOLIDAY PRESENTS
•..PRICES LOWER THAN* ANYWHERE...
This is the p lace where you can obtain the most for
the least money. We are offering the newest style gar-
ments, well made and finished, good material, sponged
and shrunk. An elegant and most extensive variety to
choose from.
Tailor-made Suits at .CUT-RATE PRICES
Novelty SUk and Mmtary Coats at ......CUT-RATE PRICES
Longr Silk and doth Coats at CUT-RATE PRICES
Fur Jackets and Capes at.... .....CUT-RATE PRICES
For Boas and Stoles at- ............. .CUT-RATE PRICES
Silk and Etamine Novelty Skirts at CUT-RATE PRICES
Dress and Rainy Day Skirts at. CUT-RATE PRIGES
Ostrich Feather Boas at. CUT-RATE PRICES
Suit Special $10.00 2 5 per cent discount on all real
Black and Navy Blue Trim- Mink and Sable Capes.
med Etamine Suits, jackets silk-
lined, blouse effect; also new Skirt Special $7.50
mixture broken sizes; $20.00 ¦ •-.--¦ . „ . . ... .
value; on sale at 910.00 $12.50 Black Broadcloth Skirts.
> good quality, trimmed, on sale
Suit Special $15.00 $7.30
New mixture Novelty, Black
and Navy Blue Cheviot Suits, f U r Boas, $1.25
good quality, in Louis XIV and _. m ¦ . •
cutaway effect; $22.50 value; on Kxvvc Mink Fur Boas, regular
sale at ?1S.OO price $1.75; special §1.23
-
1230-1232-1234 Market Street, J£Z.
AMxrssacEyTB. j
if*£l! B!PU31£BH 8AS ra«™ra . TO-NIOHT
S*ULyS¥iB!JI LEADisa iHEA.Hf * v-niun i
«S ANOTHER WEEK! v
XVm. A. Brady's ElaDorate Production of the Most Popular of all Rural Vla.7*.
By Lottie Blair Parser. Elaborated by Jos. R. Gris.tier.
MONDAY, DECEMBER 14 f&r?Sl,t^
LULU CiLASER
In . the Dainty Comic Opera,
DOLLV VARDEN
By Stanlslaui Stance and Julian Edwards. Management P. C. Whitney.
The Advance Sale of Seats Begins Thursday.
ADVEBTISEMEUT3.
¦ Afcutt.i»«B«TB»
t Week Commancfne THIS iJTER.
j NOON. December «. .
Dazzling I
Vaudeville
Tha Qtie«n ot Cbmlo Opara,
PAULINE HALL
of ••ERMINIE" runt.
FRANGESGA REDDIN6
& CO.
Prwentla* "THE CATTLE QCEEN."
MINES AND REM1KGT0N
IntrodticJn* "MISS PATTER OV PAT-
TERSOX."
"BONNER"
"Tba Eorse With tha Homaa Bimtn."
A6NES MAHR
"Th» Ara«ric»a Tommy Atklai."
GLARIGE VANGE
The Inimitable Singer.
JOSEPH NEWMAN
Tha Daaver Seng Writer.
THE BRITTONS
America'* Foremost Colored Couple.
Last Week and Tremendous Success ot
HAL GODFREY & GO.
In the Succession of Laarhs, "A VERT
„..; >.-; . BAD BOY."
Regular Matinees Every
Wednesday, Thursday, Sat-
urday and Sunday.
Parquet, any aeat. 25c: Balcony, lOo;
Children, any part except reserved. 10c.
A few front Orchestra rows, reserved.
50c; front rows of Balcony, reserved.
23c. '.•'.--
MATINEE TO- DAT.
INSTANTANEOUS AND UNPAHALIJCIJEO
SUCCESS OP THE NEW AND
ORIGINAL BURLESQUE.
"I-O-U" 1
The Greatest of all Musical Comedies.
Full of Amuslnff Situations
New Sonffs. Dances and Fun Galore.
And our "All Star" cast. Including Kolb
and Dill. Barney Bernard. Wlnfleld BUke.
Maude Amber. Ben T. DIUon. Oeorgla. CVRamey
and the Althea twta sisters team. (Their first
appearance here.)
Our Beautiful Chorus of Fifty Voices.
Production Lavish In Every Detail.
Seats on Sale Two Weeks Ahead.
UCTTTRES A3TO COJCCTTB.
Jtj££S&t£ STEINWAY MALL,
/ft^H£||&|£$t T»-2«*it %t tOi ¦'•!«•*
/ TYNDALL,
*\2&S&%fo<s[ IMMORTALITY
With E5tr«rlas«nts to
Tickets. 23c. 5»o,
UNITED STATES BBANCH.
STATEMENT
— — OT THE
CONDITION AND AJB7AXB8
ROYAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
O7 LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND. ON TRB
31st day of December. A. D. - 1903. *a«
for tba year endlnr on that day. as made to
the Insurance Commissioner of the State et
California, pursuant to the provisions ot Bee*
Uons 610 and 811 ot the Political Coda, ooa-
densed as per blank furnlsaed by to* Com-
mlsslonar.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Comp*ay..*l. 421.013 £3
Loans on Bonds and MortocM.... 934.000 00
Cash Market Value of all B****
and Bonds owned by Company... ».*»|12* w
Cash to Company's Ofllc* *'*2 S
Cash la Banks T27.43S 97 ,
Interest dua and accrued on an
Stocks and Loans .' *!.«» O
Interest due and accrued oa Bonds
and Mortgages *30* U
Premiums In dua Course ot Col- ¦
lecUon
Rents dua «nd accrued 4.687 O
Due from other Companies for re-
Insurance on losses already paid. 82.801 3>
Total Assets .9T.7B2A3* 10
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid I47.8M St
Losses In process of Adjustment or ...-_, _,
In Suspense fSrSS ?Z
Losses resisted. Ineludln* expense*. 101.790 IS
Cross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $3,334.-
g39 77; reinsurance SO r*»r cent.. 1,677. il» SS
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nine; more than one year. $4,383.- _-;;j_ i*;._
201 87- reinsurance pro rata 3,449.S8S 83
Amount r*c!a!mable by tha Insured *
on perpetual flra Insurance pot-
tern : 111.5X1 trt
Liability under Llf* Department... loa3S3 S3
All other liabilities 46S.7SO 03
Total LUMUtlas .|3>,SCg.33S 10
INCOME.
Net cash actually receded for «r»
premium* ....... ..H,T**Z4« T»
Kecelved for Interest on Bonds and _ __ „.
Morts^tces ....;•••.-• ¦• Z1.II9 O»
Received for Interest and dlrtdeads
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and
from all other source* 1 H'^f £*
Received for Rents ao.«4 4»
Total Incoma .$4.873^23 «3
KXPEKDl'l LKE3.
Nat amount raid Jot Jin Losses
<lncludln« »«C9,22C 02, losses of
previous years) ................. $2.BM.02« 69
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ';'~V- 8S * TC8 u
Paid for SalxrUe. raes and ether
charges for officers, clerks, etc. . 883.883 81
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes • • 127.880 14
All other payments -and expendl- _ •
tures .••••• • i.«. •»•••••• 51T.23* *s
Total Expenditures .*. ...44.218.62S 60.
Tlrei. ¦
Losses lEcnrred durter tifca yaar. . .82.407.032 61
Risks and Premiums? , Flra; Risk*. Premtoms.
Net amount of Risks
yMr 8787.87S.fl03 P,aSSJS6 83 »
Net amount ¦ of Risks
Zgr?..*™!*?., 1 ?. W2.708.653 6.886.TW t3
K S^5g5tfl»a5!!| 7^073.303 7.864.0U64
K. F. BEDDALL. - V. S. Mana«ar.
Subscribed and sworn to before me.' tais 23ti
day of January. 1903.
* EDMUND HARVET. Notary PaMla
pacific co astTdepartment
ROLL A V. WATT, Manager,
201 Sansome St.. San Francisco.
JNO.-T. FOOARTT. Assistant Manac«r; T.
-.JCELLAM, .Branch, -Secretary;,- J3*O. It
HILLMAN. SupertiUe&dent ' Local Depart-
i ment. , , -\/J' :-\ I'-.
1 / /fM\' Furs that you can feel
5 /' ./ E^*>i -]V$a*&V ¦ V^ / safc aboi:t - st y!es that arc
b / /J j^^^ft 'I',' '^S^ xl'L/ l^ e est an^ p" ces t^ iat •
L $S7 A- 1^^3. \$&j &V$h- ir.adc H. Liebc? & Com-
l *7Al ! \P%$R *^5 vS^*^ P an >' the . lar S cst cxcl V"
5 ££& ) viv^V "p^ Our assortments are i
v- fr~ \ * £^ we!I ni^ 11 Iimit!ess — we
«^*T e|ii|5 havc what you want at ,
\ F0'"f^Kf^^$^^' trading stations through-
' iH ! ?H^-'^^^ out 1C ur "bearing dis-
\£$ S^5 tricts of the world, and
i Gr dfV can absolutely guarantee
[ every garment we sell,
I from the time it left the back of the animal to the day it was
I ?old to you.
| If you buy of H. Liebes & Company you buy direct,
u you buy right, you buy reasonably and you buy safely.
I Four Specials for
I Monday
Hr RIVER MINK SCARF— This scarf is illustrated above. It
p. is 90 inches long and has four tails at each end. The fas-
[J tening cord is tipped with a single tail. The price is
p $15.00
R SABLE FOX SCARF— 72 inches long, with two large brush
I tails. The price : $10.50
I GENUINE MINK IMPERIAL SCARF— 72 inches long: 4
I tails and passementerie ornaments. The price ?13.00
I SABLE FOX SCARF— The broad effect. 80 inches long;
I satin lined, finished with two large brush tails and four
j paws. The price $12.t>O
j Any article sent to the interior on approval. Write for
I our illustrated catalogue, which is sent free.
I We have catered to the San Francisco public for forty
I years.
I Thelanjest Exclusive Fur House in
4&|i 133-135-137 Vo&t^ St. F '^^^THE SAN FRANCISCO. GALL, SUNDAY. DECEMBER 6, 1903.
42
RIBAI^ ESTATE— -CTTY»--FO RESALE.
MADISON & BURKE,
30 Montgomery st.
AUCTION.
AUCTION. I
: AUCTION.
WEDNESDAY, Dec. 16. 1003, at 12 o'clock M.
PACIFIC-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Nos. 52t> to 528 Pacme ft.. and Nos. U and H
St. ChurleK place in rear; 2-story brick build-
Ing of a stores on Pacific st. and tenements In
rear; laelfic-st. building under lease to one
tenant; this location is Improving In value
rapidly.
Annual rent $2016; lot 47:10x137:6 to rear st.
FINE CORNER FLATS.
Southeast Jackson and Broderlck; 3 flats and
10-room luius?; modirn and well built.
Rent $-07 50 per month; lot 27:0x100.
JACKSON-ST. BUILDING LOTS.
South line Jackson st.. bet. Cherry and First
ave.; in mltfhbci i.ood <.'. artistic homes.
Size 134:11x128.
INSIDE UNION-ST. RESIDENCE.
No. 927 Union st., bet. Taylor and Jones;
containing 10 rooms and bath: only few min-
utes front business center, i
Lot -7:0x1-0.
. SACRAMENTO- ST. RESIDENCE. -
Xo. 2t24 Sacramento, bst. Stelner and Pierce
kit.; rhoke location for home; close to Fill- '
more st.; car facilities the btst.
Lot 2C-103.
.
SIXTEENTH-ST. LOT.
North line of Blxteenth St., bet. Church and
Sanchez; _ f_ie building lets.
Size CVxOS.
CIIURCH-ST. LOT.
West line Church st., bet. i-ifuenth and Six-
teenth; double building lot.
blze 50x125.
INSIDE INVESTMENT.
Nos. 1110. 1412 and 1414 Kearny St., n»ar
Union; houses and Hats; always rented; yearly
rfnls J774.
Lot 60- 137: 6.
INSIDE JACKSON-ST. CORNER.
No*. 808, 810 Jackson St.. cor. Bedford place,
bet. Stockton and Powell sts.; grand location
for flats.
Lo: W:C_117:e.
POLK-ST. INVESTMENT.
Noc. 2031 and 2033 Polk et.. bet. Pacific and
Broadway; with small expense present income
cuuld be greatly Increased; present monthly
rents $42 50. ••
Lot 31x100.
' MARINE VIEW CORNER.
Southeast corner of Jones and Vallejo sts.;
grand residence site. '
Rents $34 per month; lot 45:10x61:6.
TERMS AT SALE.
For catalogues and particulars apply to
MADISON & BURKE. 30 Montgomery st.
MADISON & BURKE,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.'
ESTABLISHED JANUARY, 1S5S.
30 Montgomery et Opposite Lick House
$19,000— Devisadero nt.: store and flats; lot
30x82:0; new building; rent $150.
$34,(XK> — Fine bvs:n*ss corner on Devisadero
st.; rent (24UO cer annum and tenants
make all rvuairw and pay water «xtra;
lot 60x100 feet.
$12,000— Poet St.; two large well constructed
houses; very large lot.
Jackson «t., 50- vara lot, corner Lyon: an ele-
gant, sightly building location; com-
mands grand, unobstructed view ana
best neighborhood In city; only $30 > OW.
FINE LOCATION FOR PHYSICIAN.
$11,000— Sutter St., near a transfer corner; 10-
room residence In fine condition; large
lot. 27:6x137:6 feet.
$8,000 — To clcsa an estate: Dolores st., near
Sixteenth; 3 bouses: rents $60; large
lot; must sell Immediately; call for par-
ticulars.
LCflre *?
$10,SOO — Jackson st.; 60-vara lot In the Pre-
rldio Heights district.
$4,200— Steiner St., near OTarrell; 25x100:9.
$2,500 — Lots on Larkin st., near Broadway;
$100 per foot.
Choice relldence lots on Sutter, Post and Stel-
ner sts., in sizes to suit.
Building lots. N. E. comer Golden Gate av».
and Baker et., in sizes to suit; prices
from $2000 upward.
Three lots, each 27:6x137:6, on south line of
Geary st.. near Flllmore.
$1,250 — Fine building lot on Douglass st., near
Seventeenth; lies level to grade.
$1,500— Snap; N. E. corner Sanchez and Val-
ley Bts.; 26:6x100,
MADISON & BURKE.
30 Montgomery st.. opp. Lick House.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATB COMPANY,
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
LARGE DEVISADERO-BT. BUILDING LOT.
$20,000—130x137:6, Devlwulero. near Wash-
ington, with old Improvements; must be eold
at once to close an estate. .
HOME IN SUNNY MISSION BELT.
$5250—37x90 to rear street; San Jose ave.,
near 25th; 9 rooms and bath; In the warm belt.
SUTTER-ST. APARTMENT SITE.
$26,000—38x120; Sutter St., near Larkin, run-
ning through to Fern ave.; in the best retail
locality of the Western Addition; $100,000
apartment-house In course of construction ad-
joining.
ELLIS-ST. FLATS.
$18,500—25x137:6; 3 new flats, Ellis st., near
Franklin, containing 9, 10 and 11 rcoms; rent
$145.
*
CORNER POLK AND LOMBARD STS.
$6000 — C0xC8:n; old Improvements; renting
for $30 per month; rapidly growing locality.
COR. JACKSON ST. AND CENTRAL AVE.
$16,000 — 81:2xl27:8U; unobstructable marine
view. >.-¦; ; ¦ ',
UNION-ST. BUILDING LOT.
$C200 — ll:Cxl25; Union St., near Van Ness
ave. Ai-^y-
COR. OF ASBURY AND FREDERICK STS.
$10.000 — 01:6x110; northwest corner Ashbury
and Frederick sts.; fine site for residence or
flats.
RAUSCH-ST. INCOME PROPERTY.
$6000— Rausch St., near* Folsom, running
through to Clementina; Improvements consist
of flats renting for $72 per month.
PINE-ST. FLATS.
$C000 — Pine st., near Van Ness ave.; 2 flats
and a cottage In good condition; renting for
$43 per month.
MODERN BAY-WINDOW FLATS.
$4500— Laguna st., near Union; 2 modern
bay-window flats; rents $34.
MISSION HOME.
$4500 — 80x122:6; Capp st., near 13th; 2-story
bay-window ¦ residence of 7 rooms and bath,
renting for $33 per month.
337 SHOTWELL.
' Price $3750. Easy terms.
Elegant 6-room cottage, with stable for S
horses. Gas In stable. AH new and modern.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
LOOK AT THESE TWO
Homes to-day.
Potrero e.ve. and
Twenty-third st. .
Each S rooms and
built and can be V
bought on easy terms. •
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post st.
FOR SALE BY
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st. .
$400—2 level- lots, nr. Mission and Crescent ave.
$700—4 lots near Railroad ave.
$950— Richmond lot, near Sixth ave
$800— Building lots, half block from 29th st.
$850 — 5 lots south of park, on 46th ave. *"'
$000— Level Richmond lot, half block from
Clement.
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post st.
. $600 FOR A HOUSE AND LOT
Only eight blocks from a >
echool. house and street car line.
Will sell for each or part cash and balance
In monthly payments.
The house- has S rooms, new and never teen
used. ¦•• ; ! «
The lot Is 25x100 ft. level and on grade.
This la a bargain and I want to sell It; , It
Is in a gosd - locality and Is ' worth more
money than I ask for It. •
¦ , An opportunity for a laboring man to owa
a home in from 3 to 4 years, and only pay
•f?. " *?Z 0U •" now P 8^" 1 ? rent; Investigate
this. Address Owner, box 4574. Call office.
%l 'WtZ? OTS: 18th * v -4 b «t. K and L; 60x120
$4.000 r -Green, nr. Sanfome; 45:10x68-0
$2,000—6 lots, off San Bruno, nr. Cbrtland
$8,000 — Jackson, near Sansome; 25x60; $50: 3
¦•'.¦¦¦- years' lease. \ . ¦¦¦..,. ¦ . .. .-.
$13,600— Folsom. nr. 3ii; 23x160; rent $«} 50
$4,500— Pacific, near Jones: 40x60; r*nt $32.
$15,000— Foleom. nr. 6th: 25x166: rent $10* mo
Apply LANDRY C. BABIN. 413 Kearny st. '
LOTS/- XT or. S' side, of Golden Gate Park, pur-
chased by W. J.' GUNN; 830 California et.
RBAL ESTATE- CITY-— FOIl^JJALE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., 638 Market st.
: auction
AUCTION
TUESDAY. Dec. 8. 1903. it 12 O'clock Noon.
HAIGHT-ST. INVESTMENT.
N. line of Haight St.. 160 ft. ::. of Buchanan;
extremely large lot, 40x137 :« ft.: Improvements,
elegant 3-story residence, 16 spacious rooms, i \
baths, driveway, excellent stable; rented per-
manently for $85 per. month; this property will
be sold to close an estate.
HARRIET-ST. INVESTMENT.
NE. line of Harriet st . SE. of Bryant, near
Sixth (Nob. 323-323Va): improvements, 4 excel-
lent flats renting for- $372 a year.
MISSION CORNER. ._
SW. corner cf Twentieth st. and Treat ave.:
magnificent . building lot, 25x110 ft.; level,
sewered, graded and ready for building.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT. I
E. line of Folsom ave* 250 ft 8. of Folsom
St.. between Seventh and Eighth (Nos. 23 to
23); 3 separate flats of 3 and 4 rooms; rent $31
; per month.
POLK-ST. INVESTMENT.
i E. line of Polk st. S of Birch ave.. between
Fulton and Grove (No. 20S); 3-story building,
i 7 rooms and store below.
PARK PANHANDLE RESIDENCE. ¦
N. line of Page st. between Lyon and Cen-
tral ave. (No. 132H);' Improvements consist of
2-«tory building. 10 rooms and bath, including
billiard-room. /
SCOTT-ST. BUILDING COKXER.-J *
SW. corner of Scott ami Greenwich ets.;
large parcel of land. 08:»xl2_:4 ft.
WESTERN ADDITION BUILDING CORNER.
NW. corner of Broderlck and Union sts. ; lot
44x103 ft.; flats erected on this magnificent
property would rent easily, bringing' a hand-
some revenue.
CAL1FORNIA-ST. RESIDENCE.
F. line or California Kt., 30 ft. of Fifth
ave.; lot 3i>xl00 ft.: a beautiful 7-room resi-
dence, pc.-celain bath, tiled sinks, .wood man-
tel, etc. t So. 4:;0'{).
MINNA-ST. FLATS.
P. line Ml Minna st.. lra ft. NR. of Eighth
(Nos. B53-MH): -' substantial flats of 3-4 rooms;
rent 1-12 per month.
KASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
O3S MARKET ST.
A UCTION.
AUCTION,
AUCTION,
TUESDAY, Dpc. 16, 1U03, at 12 o'clock noon,
At Our Salesrooms.
DEV1SADERO-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
West line of Devisadcro St., 32 feet south of
Page; lot 25x100; Improvements consist of spa- '
cious «tore and 2 modern flats; Nos. 2&9-25u^»-
201; prtsint rents very low at JOS per montn.
PIERCE-ST, RESIDENCE.
West line of Pierce St., 100 feU south of
McAllister; lot 37:0x112:0; No. 815; improve-
ments, elegant 3-8tory residence. Its room*; Ea-
lon parlors, dining room with Inlaid hardwoou
floors, porcelain bath, steam heat. etc.
MISSION RESIDENCES.
West lins of Andover at., 276 feet south of
Crescent ave.; lots 2Sx70 each; 2 new modern
2-story houses, containing 6 rooms, ' porcelain
bath, reception room; brick foundation, etc.:
Nos. 73.1-735 Andover it.; rented for $_5 each
per month.
BIRCH -AVE. FLATS.
North line of Birch a\-t.. 111:0 feet west of
Buchanan at.; lot 20x00; Improvements (Nos.
706-70UV5) consist of 2 beautiful flato, 6 rooms
and bath each; rent $30 per month; mortgage
$2500 at 6 oer cont cau remain.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
North line of First ave., south of Point Lo-
bos; Nos. 620-531; 2 new modern flats, 4-5
rooms and bath each: built less than a year;
rented for $42 50 Der month; mortgage $1500
at 0 per cent.
MISSION COTTAGE.
N - W. cor. of Twentieth and Hartford sts.:
lot 2Sx$2:« feet; Improvements consist of a
magnificent new cottage, 8 rooma and bath,
laundry, billiard-room and stable.
MISSION LOT.
North line of Eighteenth St., 50 feet west of
Diamond; lot 24:8x75 feet; bltuminlsed street;
title guaranteed: no reasonable offer refused.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS BUILDING SITE.
,. Is '- W. cor. of Belvedere and Frederick stf.:
o5x»o feet; also north side of Frederick st.. «5
feet west of Belvedere; lot 25x110 feet; to be
eold as a whole; this property Is situated so
it commands an unsurpassed view and will
make a most desirable building site.
WESTERN ADDITION BUILDING LOT.
North line of Greenwich st., 14G:10% feet
east of Polk; extra size lot, 37:4 Hxl37 :« feet.
tor further particulars and catalogue apply
to EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
033 Market st.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., '
,..„. _ C38 MARKET ST.
$30,000— Safe Investment; 3-«tory brick and
steel building, running from etreet to
street; leased for 10 years; 6 per cent
net guaranteed under secured lease;
$50,000 mortgage can remain; premises
! ».,« A occupied by large mercantile house.
$30,000— McAllister St.. near Franklin; 50x137:0
feet; pays well; rents $225 per^ month;
« elccant flats; steady tenants.
$2(,50O— PacUic Heights flats; magnificent; 0-9-
11 rooms and 2 spacious bathrooms In
each flat; positively new and designed
after tho latest European .models of
apartments.
512.000— Fremont-«t. corner, 45 feet frontage;
important business location; rents $125
Ver monthrS elegant frame dwellings.
$8,500—3 elegant flats, 0-7-7 rooms and baths:
only 3 years old; present rents very low
— only $70; could easily be tenanted at
$S5 per month; Waller st., near Scott;
Investments of this nature are scarce.
$7,7C0— New flats, near 18th st.; 6-10 rooms;
improvements alone cost $6600 less than
, a year ago; rents $65; lot 27x87:6 feet:
owner compelled to sell on account of
having mortgages on other property.
$6,750— Rents $H2 50; :i flats on 13th St.; 6-6-
G rooms and baths.
$5,C0O— Minna-st. cor.; store and flat above;
50 ft. frontage; rented for $30 per mo.;
lot alone worth more money. ,
$5,000— Shotwell at., near 20th; 2 beautiful
flats, finished throughout In first-class
condition; newly painted; modern
plumbing: lot 30x125 feet; beautifully
cultivated lawns.
$1,500 — Sacrlflce; Octavla at., near Union:
25xS2:6 ft.; large lot; easily worth $100
per front foot.
$1,000 each— 4 excellent buildings lots on ISth
St.; level and ready for building; posi-
tively cheapest lots In the Mission
warm belt.
For further particulars apply
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
C38 Market street.
F. B. SURRYHNE.
REAL ESTATE AGENT, .
138 MONTGOMERY ST.
FROM $2000 TO $4500.
The choicest and best building lots, fronting
Devisadero, Waller, Buena Vista Park and
Alpine r sts.
Do You Know This Location ?-
Don't fall to inspect this property and see
for yourself the view It commands, sheltered
location that it is, and the beautiful home*
which surround It. Streets all In perfect con-
dition, bituminized; only one block from
Haight-et. cars; a nice, quiet residence sec-
tion; lots all sizes; easy terms may be had if
ENOUGH SAID.' SEE THE PROPERTY.
$15,000— Big bargain: Mission et.; 4 substan-
tial houses, each containing 9 rooms and bath;
do not- need a general overhauling or new
plumbing throughout, but in fine repair and
rented low at $110 per month; large lot.
$4250 — Fourth ave., near California St.; hand-
some modern residence, 7 rooms and bath;
easy terms if desired: lot 25x120. ,
$10,000 — Hyde St., near Gear}"; 8 rooms and
batb; lot has 2 frontages; make an offer;
must be eold.
$5000 — Clos« to Devisadero and Geary; 6 rooms
and bath; lot 25x137:6.
$4000— Scott st.. near Haight: substantial 2-
¦ etory bay-window house, 7 rooms and bath;
lot 25x100; must be sold.
$4500 — Corner on Sanchez st. : 2 ¦• substantial
flats, 5 and 6 rooms and bath each, renting
• for $40,per month. . , .
My monthly catalogue will give you particu-
lars and prices of Investment properties, resi-
dence properties and all classes uf properties
for sale in -different parts of the city. You
should get one if you are thinking ef making
an Investment, j
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
$500 to $1200.
Nothing to compare with our Oceanslde lots.
Fronting Ocean, Park and Boulevard.
All on official grade, ready to build on.
THEY CANNOT BE DUPLICATED.
Unobstructed ocean view! Every lot a bargain!
Get off cars at cor. 47th ave. and list.
SEE THEM TO-DAY! EASY TERMS!
ISO to $300, near Park and Ocean; $5 monthly.
Oceanslde Branch Office on 49th avenue and
K street.
OPEN SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS.
* $500 to $1COO. Choicest Sunset Dlst. Lots. .
Graded and sewered; near -cars; $10; monthly.
Sunset Branch of nee on Oth ave., near H.st.
$1000. $1500, $3500 to : $5000—4, . 6, ; 6 and 8
rooms,; new, modern cottages and houses In
, Sunset, : Richmond. Oceanslde ¦ and Excelsior
Homestead! All bargains! Easy- terms! -
SOL ¦ GETZ & SON " ' V- Owners ¦ and . Dealers.
Room 64, Chronicle Building. '
RAYMOND, ARMSTRONG & CO., '
. ..Room 2, 7th floor. Mills bldg..
$35,000— Corner Broadway and Baker sts. ;
'125x132:7; 'elevated lot;' superb marine
i .-¦ • View." ¦,-.-:¦.¦ . ¦¦':
$10,000— Washington st. west of -Baker; lot
75x128; splendid site for. flats.
$7,600— Lot and residence: Broderick st.; fln-
¦lBhed basement, . double ; parlors, • recep-'
: tlon:hall, dlrnns-room, kitchen." 6 bed-
. . rooms, . bath, - toilet, etc. ; very desirable
at price. • , , <aiiatfa rt fawMlfSftW'wu rajjfcfarfcfjf
: $6.C00r-Wlllard st.. -College Heights; modern
•; residence. 7- rooms, bath, etc.; lot 37:<J
• ¦ front ;. stable,, etc. ;'. <> <
$3,100 — WelHh St.. near Fourth: 5 flats; an-
¦; nu_l: rents $444; water $2 40, -
$5,750— N*w, flats on . Greenwich ' st. : 6 i and 1 9
. ¦ . rooms 1 each; pay fine Income..: • ;
RAYMOND. ARMSTRONG & CO.
THE^CALL
3-Qgar P. SCT-EC-TEXS. Prcprltor.
Atfrts ccEEMiscticss to IQHM KcSADBHT, Manager
W. J. MARTIN Business Manager.
TELEPHONE.
Aek tor THE CALL. The Operator Will Con.
uect Tou With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. 8. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson et.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage <Cash With
Order): _-,'
PAILT CALL (includ. Sunday), 1 Tear $8.00
DAILY CALL Onclud. Sunday). C mos 4 00
DAILY CALL — By Single Month 76c
RUNDAT CALL. 1 Year 2.60
WEEKLY CALL, 1 Year 1 °0
• FOREIGN* I Dally. . .$8.80 Per Tear Extra
iosTAr ? Sunday.. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. I w «kiy. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZE!.
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Etnii,le Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail subscribers In ordering change of ad-
-reei should be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to Insure a
prompt and^correct compliance with their re-
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
1118 Broadway Telephone Main I0S3
BERKELEY OFFICE. _ __
£148 Center Street Telephone North *i
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRANE 1406 G Street. N. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
IV alacrt -Astoria. Hotel; A. Brentano. ol
Union Square: Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-ave-
cue Hotel end Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Kctcl; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.-.Marquette Building
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
fTEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building-
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
BT'SIICESS OFFICE of The Ban Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets: open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1006 Market etreet; opea until 11 p. m.
627 Montgomery street, corner "Clay; cpen un-
til 9:30 p. ca.
!5<V» Hayes street; cpen until 9:50 p. in.
GT» McAllister street: open until ©:30 p. m.
IWI Mimlon street; cpen until 10 p. m.
•U Larkin etreet: open until 9:80 p. ra.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open un-
til 9 o. m.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
ir»6 Valencia etreet: open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until V p. ra.
Northwest corner of Twer.ty-recond and Ken-
vjeky streets: open until 9 p. m.
2_f« Flllmot-' -trwt: nrwn untU 9 p. m.
nr.AL ESTATE— CITV — FOR SALE.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
GOOD INVESTMENT.
7 fine cew apartment flats, 4 rooms end
ha;h *ach: on N. W. corner on Pine et. : rented
for $178 60; price $19,000; pays 10 per cent net.
6OUTH OF MARKET j
On Clementina rt.: 4 flats; rented for $41
per menth; price $4250.
DOWN TOWN.
2 fists on small etreet. east of Jones, near
Post; lot 40 foot frontage; rented for $30;
price $10,500.
HUNNY MODERN FLATS
On Clay et.. near Baker; 6 and 7 rooms, attic
and bswment: rented for $77 50 per month;
lot 25x127; price $8750.
EEAUTIFUL 50-VARA LOT.
Locking into the prettiest part cf Golden Gate
Park: will subdivide: prices very reasonable;
this property has a great future; fine for ele-
gant Cats or aoartscnt house.
MISSION ST..
Between "d and 4ih, 3-etory building: rented I
very low et $127 per month; price $35,000.
PANHANDLE COTTAGE.
New. modern, ui>-to-<late. 7 rooms and bath;
price $i050; street bitumen.
PANHANDLE FLATS.
New medem flats. 6 rooms each; all rented
for fM» 60 monthly; price $5750.
MISSION COTTAGE.
Five rooms and bath; 2 lots, "0-1-1; near
leth tt.; close to cars; only $2500.
IN BERNAL HEIGHTS.
Nrsr Mission St.; good corner, 50x70 feet:
ctly 5750; owner very anxious to sell.
On Frederick, Willard and Carl sts.: 1 block
from Stanyan: close to all car linen; fine wide
lot*, looking Into Golden Gate Park; the street
work will b» done and feveral fine buildings
ti I* erected immediately; prices from $1200
tn S175O; a splendid chance to get a good lot
cheap; thes« prices will be raired; buy one
now; acy sire fronts jte desired.
LARKIN NEAR SUTTER.
Corner lot; fine new, sunny, modern a part -
rcent-houe»; 19 apartments, 3 and 4 rooms
each; bath, closet and basis in each aoart-
ment; hot water, gas and electric lights, etc.:
guaranteed leere for S years at $500 per
month; tenant pays water bill asd all repairs;
price. $62,500.
ON THIRD 6T..
Between Folsom aad Harrison. 2-story frame
building; rented at $67 CO per month; price
reduced to $13,730.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
10S MONTGOMERY ST.
NELSON, JOHNSON & CO.,
SOS Montgomery et., Opp. Mills Building
GRAND DOWNTOWN LOCATION.
126,000— 28 feet frontage on Howard st.. with
€3 foot outlet on Natoma st. ; Improve-
ments 2 storee, rooming house and 6
a flats; rents $2000. -;¦
NEW MISSION FLATS.
$12,500 — Reduced from $16,000 to force Imme-
diate sale: K2 feet frontage on Treat
ave.. near 24th; 4 new, up-to-date flats;
6 and 6 rooms and bath; as attractive
property.
MODERN FELL-ST. FLATS.
$9,000—5 rooms end bath each; thoroughly
up to date; very attractive In appear-
ance. . ... •;
NEW SOUTH OF MARKET FLATS.
17,700 — Rents $912: 4 handsome well-built,
bay-window Cats of 4 and S rooms and
bath; built one year ago; high basement,
light and sunny; nothing finer In the
district.
ATTRACTIVE ECOTT-ST, FLATS. '
$7,000— Two Trell-built bay-windowed fiats of
f> and 6 rooms and bath; modern; large
lot, choice bitumlnized carline street.
PAYS 14 PER CENT.
$6, M0— Rents $8S8; Vx block from FUImore-«t.
cars; 4 new up-to-date flats; electric
lights; frescoed ceilings, etc.
SUNNY LAGUNA-ET. RESIDENCE.
$6,250 — S Urge and sunny rooma and bath'
hay-windowed: good condition; near
O'Farrell street.
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO..
rO6 Montgomery st.. Opp. Mills BIdg.
{.'.nrxt-YVALLER St.: elegant res., 8 rmsl, bath".
$2<XXk — 2 flete. 4 and 6 rooms, hath.
f2C00— 23d, near Dolores; 6 rooms and bath
f400— Lot 7.1x100.
$200— Lot 25-1 R0.
Pine st.. near Taylor: 10 rooms, bath.
N.E. cor. 19th and Dolores; lot 120x128.
Dolores, bet. 23d and 2Uh; 2 flats: lot 2Sx
117. to rear street.
Tf-liiiua St.; lot 25x75; Improved.
Trhama: lot 23x150. throuch to Clementina.
2 flats. 14 rooms, bathe, carriage house, barn;
lot 45x122.
Chestnut rt. to Lewell; lot 40x_S7; Improved'
rents (Mt 00.
Larkspur; 10 scree: 10 cottage*.
PATTERSON. «11 City Hall Square.
U-.OOCV— FILLMORE-ST. flats: Income. .$105 00
flo.OfX) — Grove-st. fiats; income 97 so
%6,2X> — Diamond-st. flats; Income.... 62 SO
*«.25O — Nlnth-ave. flats; income .... 54 50
$C.O00— Broo>rick-st. flats; Income... 60 00
Valle]o-et- residence, 7 rooms and
bath; make offer
Trcment-ave. residence, 7 rooms and
bath; Income S7 60
Ftanyan-et. lot. 25x120; must be sold.
L-on-rt lot. 50x100: west line 6000
BaLer-ft. lot. 25x121:6; w«t line 2600
MONETA INVESTMENT CO..
39 Flood bulldlnr.
6 PER MONTH. LEVEL LOTS.
BEt-T PLACE TO BUT
IN TUB FANTA FE TRACT
AT POINT RICHMOND.
CeET/EN BROS.. 118 MONTGOMERY ST.
SOLK AGENTS.
I7or> — STORK and 5 roomf, bath.
2300 — New cottage, 6 rooms, bath: modern;
*2oo cash, balance ?23 per month.
MISSION REALTY CO., 2 23th st I
REAL ESTATJE--C1TY---FOR SALE.
C. M. WOOSTER CO..
d m! WOOSTER CO.'. &W MARKET ST.
S1S.00O 50x137:6; on north side of Po-t et..
clone in; present bandsocio Improve-
ments cay $21CO: the land alone Is cheap
. for the asking price; th* Improvements
cost $20,000; the bissest bargain on the
$3,200—2 flats and rear house, near Fourth
and Folsim sts.; rents $313; brick foun-
dation, etc.
$5,630 — 2-story and basement building on
Minna St.. near Third; lot 20x70.
$12,OCO— CGxS7:6; Jessie »t.. near First: old
improvements pay «i per cent; the rear
of thia property Joins the rear of Mta-
slcn-»t. frontage.
• ¦"¦.' ¦# ______ ' t ••..-"-•¦
$0.5CO — Flv» flats on Minna St.. near Third;
rent for $C0O; lot 25x70.
$1,250 — JOxlCO; Point Lobos ave., near Twen-
ty-second st.
$5,000 — Clementina at., near Fourth; 4 goo<l
Cats; rent $t:uo; lot 23_St).
$2.5CO — 4 flats, near Eizhth and Folsom sts..
i which If improved pro-erly at an ex-
pense of about $1*00 would «aaHy rent
far $300; present extremely low renla.
|; I2W.
1 $3,120 — Handsome modern residence, II
I* room?, batb, modern plumblns, etc. ; on
O'Karrell st.. near FVlmorw.
I $9,000—4 brand-n*w modern flats cn Flllmore
St.; r*nts $1020.
$700— Sfxteenth av«».. near C st. ; lot S0xl_O.
$10,000 — HamNom* modern residence In th*
1 heart cf the Mls«i"n warm belt; large
< stable, etc.; lot SOxlSS.
} $5.130 — 2 modern flats, 5 rooms and hath
each; stationary tuba, etc.; rents $33_:
' near Fourth and Fol3om: the lnaprove-
i inents are very sod.
! $2,600^ — Handsome new story and a half eot-
1 tasc 6 r<A.<ni9 and bath; porcelain bath:
\ tiled sink:: handsome mantels, etc.:
I Just completed; up-to-date in all details;
li^ar Eishteenth and Castro sts.; easy
terms.
$10,00< 1 > — 3 modern flats. 6-7-3 rooms and bath;
prrmonently rented to fine tenants fur
$114i>; near California and Webster its.;
- lot 25xlCO.
$2,200 — Bryant St.. close to Mall dock; cot-
tage; rents $216: lot 25x30; this prop-
erty hes a wonderful future.
C. M. WOOSTER CO., 64S Market it.
REAL ESTATE— -Coon try— For Sale.
A — *4O0O; ROADHOU3E. 15 rooms; 23 acres
best land in foothills; main stage road: Butte
County; near large mines. KREDO & CO..
763 Market st.
A— $600; 25 ACRES; Foss Valley, Napa Coun-
ty: best bottom land; bargain. KREDO &
CO., 7C3 Market st^ -,. .
A — $1300; S-ACRE orange grove, flgs. muscat
vines in bearing. KREDO & CO.. 765 Mkt.
A— $3<HX>; CO ACRES raisin vineyard. Fresno
County; clears $^000 yearly. KREDO &. CO.,
765 Market *t.
A— $1200; 100 ACRES best wheat land; Im-
proved: Fresno County; rare. KREDO &
CO.. 7U5 Market et.
FOR sale — $'">5 per acre: 540 acres highly Im-
proved land on Roberts Island; large ware-
house, good landing; % mile riTer front; 7
mi lea from Stockton: this is A No. 1 garden
truck, alfalfa or asparagus land.
• For sale — $40 per acre; down; fine fruit,
berry, table or wln»-grape land. In 6. 10 and
' 20 acre tracts: Sacramento County.
For sale — $10 per acre; 800 acres* choir*
stork land: Sacramento County; S0O acres
good plow land and Is under sood ditch;
well ftneed arsd cross- fenced.
Several dairy ranches, ranging from 44 to
320 acres.
QUIC.GLE. 7_a Market St.. care Whitaker
& Ray Co.. !> to 10 a. m., 4 to 3 p. m.. or
address box 15. Gait. Cal.
GOLDEN OPPORTUNITIES.
SUCCESS IS KNOWING HOW.
NO TROUBLE TO SHOW GOODS.
If you want a stock ranch, where condition*
are Ideal, magnificent timber, beautiful lakes
; and trout streams, the arduous battle of ac-
quiring title and reclamation won. fenced,
complete, wncre you can double your money.
t"OB & COMPANY. Real Estate Broker*, will
tell you all about It. 45 West Santa Clara St..
tian Jia . Cat.
FOIl sale — 13-acre fruit farm: good Improve-
ments; rood location: connected with San
Francisco by rail and electric cars. Call' or
address 710 Nineteenth st., Oakland. Cal.
$1100—20 ACRES fine level lar.d. near town. In
Lake County; 5-room house, barn. etc. -
$S0O — 160 acres, near town. Lake County; housa
and barn.
C. F. MOORE. 935 Market st.
FOR farms, orchards and vtneyarda. poultry
and stock ranchej. timber and grazing lands,
call or send for cur catalogue. ROTHER-
MEL & CO.. 507 California st.
FOR rent — In Red Blu.T. swell offices and
rooms. Just completed: suitable for dentists,
doctors and lawyers. Address owner, P. B.
NAGLE. Red Bluff. Cal.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10- acre farm.
$200 profit per annum per acre.
Write for booklet It's free. «03 J st.
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. CaL
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains : monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTEA CO.. 043
Market st.
A BIG list of all classes of ranches: atata
Yrhat'e wanted and I'll send descriptions.
N. D. SICKELS, the Land Agent. 6 Geary.
BUY a cheap home; send stamp for list; chick-
en ranches, alfalfa, stock, fruit ar.d general
farms. W. J. WHITE. 28 Montj-otnery st.
ALFALFA our specialty; best alfalfa land at
$20 per acre; ditch and artesian water. P.
H. JORDAN CO.. 11B Montgomery st,
WANTED — Ranch: Russian River or Wllllts;
part garden; $1000. Box 3121. Call.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The- Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th*
United States or Canada. one year for 11.
SA.JS MATEO REA^ gSTATTB.
BAN MATEO SAN MATEO
THE FINEST SUBURBAN 1 RESIDENCE
I DISTRICT NEAR. SAN FRANCISCO.
We have a choice list of excellent residence
properties, villa sites and acreage. Don't fall
to see- us before buying. Investigate* Ban
Mateo Park. The Ideal property of them all.
Lot* I of about one acra each. Easy terms.
Bound to be moat valuable. Se« our local agent,
i Frank S. Gruxnmon. San Mateo office opea
Sundays.
BALDWIN A HOWELL. 23 Poet St.
SPECIAL— 230 ACRES— CHOICE LAND.
Close to city of San Mateo. Oak trees, run-
ning water. Can be had at $175 per acre.
Sold to close an estate. Can be subdivided
Into 5-acr« tracts and sold at a splendid profit.
Particulars of FRANK S. GRUMMON. agent
at San Mateo. or BALDWIN A HOWELL.
23 Pest St.
roixT itirHMoxp REAI< I * :STA T E f' J
WATER front lots and bargains: at) tracts:
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott blJg.
REAL ESTATE 7 O E.TCIIAAGE.
HOUSE and lot tn Oakland to exchange for
country property. 463 Forty-fourth St.. Oak-
land.
STOCK ranch, cost S1CO.O0O; want offer. Box
2S30. Call office.
REAL ESTATE U'A.ITED.
WANTED— At or near Mlllbrae. home building
lot. HAltDUP. box 3779. Call office. ..
WANTED — BulMIng let. 12 to 13 feat; bargain;
c*»h. Box -Utl. Call.
'£_L?Hi VK .!jL Kn _! A 5JRL?5? P V IES#
' AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No.
1 Stnlth Pn>ml«r. $23; other typewriters at
MKhtr and lower prices; rentals $2 SO. Tee
Tvp»wrlt«r Exchange. 3-"C California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; gtt par.
titulars. L. A M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gom«ry it.
SD-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Wsbwter Typewrite r Inspre. Cn.. BOH Marfctt.
SPECIALISTS. ljrj ~
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES la BARJ
positively cured; new method; 1 we«k's treal-
ment free. Dr. Cottln.ham. 204 Sutter st,
Mill Valley Advertisements.
MILL VALLEY RE AL ESTATE.
VILLA sites and Improved property; dairy
ranches; Cushlne and Stetson tract*. For
information apply to sole agent far lands T.
L. & W. Co.. LOUIS L. JANES, real csut*.
Hay ward building. 488 California it.
REAL ESTATE — CITY—FOR SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN * CO.^ M0NTG0MERT „.
AUCTION
AUCTION-
AUCT1ON
AUCTION
AUCTION '
Of Investment, residence and unimproved prop-
erties will be held at our salesroom Monday,
December 14. 1903. at 12 o'clock noon.
MARY A. ROBERTS ESTATE.
Administrator's Sale.
' The following 3 properties must be sold to
close above estate.
Subject to confirmation by the court.
U)
1631-1833 Ellis St., near Scott; good im-
provements consist of _ frame dwellings, 8
rooms and bath each; rente $65 per month;
lot _C:2>4_75.
(2)
1S29 Ellis St., near bcott; good substantial
3-atory dwelling, 12 rooms and bath; rents $45
per month; lot -3:0H x 75.
(3)
Randall st., north line, bet. Dame and Whit-
ney sts.; building lot, 25x125.
AN ELEGANT PARK RESIDENCE.
679 Waller st., near Scott: new modern resi-
dence of y rooms and bath; high attic and
basement: built within the last 3 years; It ad-
joins Duboce Park and murt be seen to be
appreciated. A rare opportunity.
PACIFIC-ST. INVESTMENT.
1356-1358 Pacific et.. north line, near Hyde,
etore, 3 rooms and flat of 5 rooms and bath;
rent $25 per month: lot has 2 frontages.
CHOICE PARK FLATS.
1623-1623}4 Grove sL, near Lyon— 2 modern
flats of 5-6 rooms and bath each; rents $5u
per month; lot 25x137 :«.
MISSION FLATS.
307-307>4 Castro St., east line, near 16th. 2
modern flats of 6-6 rooms and bath each; rents
$42 60 per month: lot 25x87:0.
REFEREE SALE.
Subject to confirmation by the cbart.
N.W. cor. Sanchez and Duncan ets.; unim-
proved lot. 80x114.
BUSINESS HOLDING.
743 7th ave., near Fulton st.. store and flat
of 6 rooms and bath: with a little outlay this
could bo made a very desirable building; lot
24:6x100. '.
MISSION BUSINESS CORNER.
(1)
B. E. cor. of 24th and Douglass sts.; unim-
proved lot. 23x90.
(2)
Douglass St., cast line, near 24th; unimproved
lot, 2>xlOO. Both lots level and ready to
build on.
MISSION COTTAGE.
68 Hancock st., north line, bet. Church and
Sanchez, 18th and 19th ets.; a desirable cot-
tage of S rooms and bath; lot 25x114.
BRYANT-STREET CORNER.
N.E. cor. of Bryant and Harriet sts., close
to 6th Et. ; unimproved corner. 25x75.
For catalogue and further particulars apply
at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery street. .
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 MONTGOMERY ST.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
$C2,500 — Corner on Larkin wt.: new building;
renting for $0000 per annum; under a 5-
ycar lease; large lot.
$30 000 — Rents $200 per month; choice corner
on Fourth ft.; substantial building, con-
bisting of 2 stores and 2 flats; 20x75.
$20,000 — Polk-st. business property; flats and
stores; bay windows, brick foundations,
etc.; rent $175.
$25,000— Good site for an apartment-house;
Hyde St.: 50x120; 2 housee of 10 rooms
and bath each, renting for $100 per
month.
$16,000 — Valencia st.. near Sixteenth; improve-
ments nominal value; a splendid lot to
improve; «50 foot front; a -bargain.
$15,500— Rents $1238 per annum; good Mission
cufincss corner; stores and fiats; large
lot, Soxl22:6.
$11,000 — Rents $90 per month; Folsom et.. near
Fourth; a good substantial building,
consisting of store and 2 flats; lot 25xbu.
$9,500 — Rents SG5 per month; Guerrero and
Fourteenth St., N. W. corner; store and
fiat; portion of lot still vacant.
$9,000— Rents $68 per month, which is very
low; Mission St.; one of the best busi-
ness blocks; 2 stores and 2 flats; lot 40
foot front.
$S,COO— Rent $1020 ver annum; 7 flats, good
improvements; near First and Folsom
Ets.; lot 50x70.
$7,700 — Near Ninth and Folsom sts.; 4 flats
of 5-5-4-4 rooms and bath; bay windows,
brick foundations, ¦" etc.; rent $76;
3«5:6x£3.
$CS50 — Rents $73 per month; corner on Twen-
ty-fifth ft.; improvements consist of a
Etore and 5 flats.
$6,000 — Rents $600 per annum: Golden Gate
ave.; 3 flats; brick foundations, etc.; 25x
125.
$5,500— Pierce st., near Duboce Park: new
cottage of 5 rooms and bath and finished
basement; rent $35; bay windows; lot
_5x00.
$4,250 — Twenty-fourth St., near Dolores; two
flats of 4-5 rooms and bath each; brick
foundations, cement walks, etc.; rent
$33: 25x100.
$4,000 — By order of bank; very easy terms;
Market Et.; 2 large building lot?, about
145 feet deep. ,
$3,300 — Rents J384 per annum, near Fourth
and Folsom sta.; 2 flats and cottage;
25xS0.
$3,600 — Vallejo Et. ; 2 flats of 5 rooms and
bath each; rent $34; brick foundations,
etc.
$3.000— Rents $26 per month: close to How-
ard and Fourteenth sts.; 2 flats of 4
rooms each; lot 30 foot front.
$2,800 — Rents $406 per annum; near Seventh
and Bryant sts; 4 fiats In good order
s and steadily rented.
$2,100 — Rents $28 per month; close to Fourth
and Bryant sts.; 3 flats; 25x75.
For further particulars of the above and for
the "Real Estate Record," containing a list
of properties for sale in all parts of the city,
inquire at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
20 Montgomery st.
Heal Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 MONTGOMERY STREET.
$70,000 — Corner on Poet St.; 4-story building,
consisting of basement, stores and lodg-
ing house; rents $310 mo.: 3 frontages.
$25,000 — Rents $161 mo.; Fourth st,; substantial
3-Etory building, consisting of 2 stores
and 4 flats; in perfect order and steadily
rented: lot 60 ft. front.
$20,000 — An elegant home on California St., 12
rooms, 2 baths and 2 eervants' - rooms,
etc.; large lot, 34:4^x132:6.
$11,600 — Rents $948 per annum; business cor-
ner on Brannan St.; store and flats;
very lanre lot,
SS.500 — Renting for $732 per annum and very
low; Hayes Valley; 5 flats and lot 27>ix
120; two frcntaees.
$6,700 — Rents $720 per annum; 3 houses of 7
rooms and bath each; brick foundation,
etc.; Mason st.
For further particulars of the above and
for the Real Estate Record, containing a list
of properties for sale in all parts of the city,
Inquire at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
20 Montgomery street.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
DESIRABLE sunny building lots, close to Du-
boce Park, bltuminized streets; lots level and
ready to build on; a rare chance to obtain a
holding, admirably situated and close to the
city at a very reasonable' figure; diagram,
price and all particulars at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery street,
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
HAWKS & EKELTON.
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Property. ,
$18,000 — N. line Page, near Buchanan; partly
Improved: will pay to build flats on.
$5,500 — Seventh st.. near Folssm; lot 25xS0;
flats rent $30.
$20,000 — The finest view of the bay in this
city; convenient for cars and teams;
view assured forever; SW. corner Lar-
kin and Francisco; 137x137.
$7,200 — Marine view lot; Hyde st., near Chest-
nut; »6?8xll0; very fine view assured;
new building on each side of It.
$3,000— Lot , on SW. corner • Larkin aad Lom-
bard st». ; 25x105; magnificent marine
view from every window.
$4,500 — SE. corner Larkin and Greenwich 60
xC2:6; elegant view of Golden Gate and
bay. 1
$3,000— Lot. Franklin St., near Filbert; 63x
100; street sewered.
$4.000 — Lot, Greenwich st., between Van Ness
ave- and Franklin St.; 06:5x137:6- will
divide it
$3,000— Lot on Precita ¦ avenue, near Folsom
facing a park; on electric car line;
• ready to build on; 60x100; will divide
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st.
E. H. LANGE A CO.. ~~ ~~~ "
:,' 20 MONTGOMERY ST.. ROOM 23
$6,600 — Carl «t., near Stanyan; 2 modern flats
6-0 rooms and bath, with stable- rent
$57 CO; bargain.
$4,000— Bush St., near Baker: modern 6-room
cottage and bath; lot 25x100; rent $30.
$18,500 — Ellis st. near Franklin: 3 modern
• flats. S-9-9 rooms; lot 23x137:6; rent $150
$3,750— Folsom st, near 22d; 2-story house lii
first -class condition; 8 roome and bath
\ E. H. LANGE & CO..
, 2C Montgomery street.
15 PER cent on Investment; 2 new flats; Dor-
land st; rente 5«2 &0 month: $4000 cash-
$2500 at 6 per cont.
¦ $3XX) — Store and flat, with cottage; good
stock of groceries ' and bar.
. * D. COFFIN & CO-. 3303 Mlgglon et
JOSEPH BTRAUB, C30 Market st. < rr ~ r
$2100— Cor. Twenty.fifth and Wisconsin sts.;
ntw cottage of 4 rooms, -bath and basement;
good location for grocery; $300 down, $15 month.
. $t7u0 — Fine new cottage of 4 rooms, bath and
batement: $500 down. $15 a month; Wisconnln
¦t. near Twenty-fifth.
FOR sale — Cheep, neat cottage, 4 rooms, bath,
large basement; terms came as rent. Apply
owner, lumber yard, SE. cor. Alabama and :
Montca'.m ets. IXSSS!
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.. s
218-220 MONTGOMERY ST.
$9.750— Franklin-st. comer, near Golden Gate
ave.; two-story residence renting for $60
per month, extra lot. 4Ox7O; shouldi be
Improved: a big bargain.
$10,250— Clay vt., near Jones; 3 modern flats,
5-6-8 rooms and bath; rents $1050 per
annum; always rented.
|a >O oo_ Mmna , t . p near sixth: 4 flats, renting
for $0O per month; 3-5 rooms and bath,
lot 25xS<> feet: must be sold.
$32,500— Larkin St.. near McAllister: granu lot.
60x87:6 ft.: would be ideal location for
stores and apartment-house or hotel;
mortgage of $15,000 can remain; must be
sold; make offer.
$7,000— PregHio Heights corner. 35x107:6 ft.;
positively the biggest bargain for a sun-
ny corner lot in this district; both
rtreets bltuminized: side sewers, bulk-
bead and stone slde«mks.
$10,000 — Vallejo st., near Leavenworth: 3 mod-
ern flats one year old; 0 rooms and bath
each: lot 27:Cxl27:C ft.; rents for
$87 60 monthly.
$8,200— Howard-st. investment: rents $64 60
• monthly; lot 25x85 ft.; near Eighth st.;
substantial improvements.
$10,000— Reduced from $12,500; Clay St.. near
Buchanan: beautiful. 10- roomed resi-
dence; every modern Improvement: half
block from public square; lot SoxlOO ft.;
is being sold at the above figure to ef-
fect an Immediate Enle.
$85,000— Fillmore, corner Sacramento; one of
the best Investments In the maiket;
handsome let to Improve.
$18,000— New Presidio Heights residence: first
floor contains large reception hall and
living-room. dining-room. breakfast-
room, kitchen and butler's pantry: upper
floors contain 3 bedrooms and bath; also
;*' v bllllard-roorn; basement contains liall-
v room, laundry, servarts' room, furnace.
etc.; house just completed and sold cn
account of owner's departure from city;
lot 40x127:8*4 feet.
$45,000— b'Farrell-Kt. corner, downtown: three
frontages; old improvements renting for
$158 per month: lot SCxOO-ft. ; mortgage
of f2S.'.>0O at 6 per cent cair remain.
?2,2CK) — Northwest corner ot Castro and Alva-
rado sts.; lot 5o:Cx10j feet; elegant view
of cltyv
?31, 7cO— Fourth St., near Mission; lot 2S:10x
S2:B ft.; rents nominal; should be im-
proved.
J 5S.75O— Income S00O gross per Annum: 'J new
modern flats on sunny side of Sacra-
mento at.: will pay h per cent net; lots
25x100 /eef.
$7,200— Vresidlo Heights residence: Locust St..
near Jackson; almest new; 2-story, base-
ment and attic: 7 rooms and bath and
basement: 3 bedrooms and also roum for
servant; lot 25x112.'. feet.
$35,000— Mlsslon-st. corner: 100 ft. front; pays
over 10 rer cent ret: stores and apart-
ment-house above; fine Investment.
$30.000 — 3-story and basement brick building.
Battery st. ; one tenant: leased five years
at ?175 monthly; pays 6 3-10 per cent
net: lot 40x04 feet.
$7.000— Broadway, this side of Van Nna av*. :
2 modern fiat3 of 6-5 rooms and bath'
rents* «53; pick-up.
?5.25O— Mo-.-, ft., between Sixth and Seventh,
near Folsem: 2 flats, ft and 6 rooms and
bath; rents $40; lot 2txS0 feet.
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for eale.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBKE & CO..
Real Estate Agents.
218-220 Montgomery st.
$12.S00 — NINTH St.. one block from Market: 2-
story and basement building, containing two
bay-window flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath
each: bulldlntr should be raised and store
built.
I fGT'OO — Rent $67 BO; fin? northeast corner on
1 Castro St.: lot 26:6x105: Improvements, four
flats of 4 and 6 rooms and bath each.
$S5f)O r - Rent .»."5: corner on Marinosa and Flor-
ida sts. : two-.itory unildlng, containing store
with f!*t above of 4 rooms tnd bath.
57000 — Good business corner on Castro st. ; lot
00x85. with store and flats; rent $62; new
buildings; a great barraln.
$20.000— Investment on Pclk st.: rent $163;
four flats and two stores; new and modern.
PAYS ALMOST 12 PER CENT.
$6Qno — Perry et.. close to Harrison and Third;
four ftfttn.
INSIDE ELLIS AND HYDE STS.
$35.500 — Expensive Improvements: five flats, al-
most new. paying $220 month; lot worth
$21,000; over 3550 sauare feet.
$37. 000— Geary st.. east of Mason; two-story
building: land rapidly Increasing In value.
J8000 — Baker St., a short distance from Clay:
rent J75: two flats of 6 and 8 rooms and
bath each; lot 25x120.
$40,000— Turk st.. close to Hyde; lot W)xl37:<5:
old Improvements of nominal value; a good
location for modern •improvements.
$6750 — Rent $55 per month; two handsome flats
on Cole St., Panhandle' district: contains 6
and 7 large, sunny rooms and all latest con-
veniences; kitchen in center of the house:
dining-room Is paneled; all rooms prettily
tinted: lot 30 feet front.
$7C00 — Two expensive flats: new, well ar-
ranged, attractive, substantial; lot 25x100;
Lyon St.. near McAllister. •
$6600 — Nine-room house on Bartlett tt., near
24th: large lot: two frontages: this is a fine
home In one of the best sections of the Mis-
sion.
$3100 — Brand new cottage in the Richmond dis-
trict; 5 lanre rooms and bath; key lot. 25x
120: this property must be sold.
$10,000 — Rent $105; Geary sU near Hamilton
Square: 3-story building, containing five
flats, four of 3 rooms each and one of ft
rooms; this price Includes furniture for 13
rooms; large lot.
$17.500 — Fine corner near Park Panhandle, con-
taining five flats, 4 to 8 rooms and bath ; built
about one year; total rents $150.
jGOOO — Two flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath,
near Baker and California sts.; these flats
have been newly painted an<1 have new
plumbing throughout ; rents $50.
LYON & HOAG. X 116 Montromery st.
A. J. RICH & CO., Real Estate Agents.
112 Montgomery st.
$42,600 — Devleadero *nd Post; fine large corner:
fully Improved: with stores and flats:
paying ?277 per month; 60x112:9; must
be sold; make an offer.
f 38,000— Jackson st.: four new grand apart-
ments: rented for ?4000 per year; lot 60x
137:6. .
$30,000 — NE. corner of Sacramento and Hyde
sts.; large lot. 68:9x97; grand site for an
apartment house.
$20,000 — Valencia st. ; large lot; 100 feet front-
; age; near 19th st.
$17,0C0 — Harri"»on-st. corner: 66x100: near 6th
st.: paying a fine Income on the asking
price.
i $12,000 — O'Farrell St.. near "Lacuna: residence
and flats: lot 25x120 to rear street.
$12,000 — Bevlnadero sC; four modern flats:
near Haight st.: key lot; sun all day;
rents 300 per month.
$10,500 — NW. corner Jarkson and Baker; 40x
¦ 128: marnlficent lot for building either
a residence or flats.
$9,000 — Jackson st. ; modern residence; be-
tween Buchanan and Webster; two
frontages.*
$3,700 — Fell ft.: modern residence; near
Ashbury; facing Panhandle and Park.
$8,625 — Jackson St.; corner lot; 37:6xl27:8V»:
overlooklns Presidio: commands a fine
marine view; one-fourth cash.
$8,500 — Larkin -t. : fine modern cottage house;
near Washington; large lot: 29x100.
$3,500— Bcctt St., near McAllister; lot 23x
112:6: street work done.
?3,250 — Scott tt.: fine lot for flats; near Mc-
Allister St.: 25x87:0; key lot.
$.1.250— Fell St.: lot 25x137:6: near D.visad>ro.
?2,100 — Pierce-st. lots: 23x100 each; between
Vallejo and Green: one-fourth cash.
$1,900— Hayes-st. lets; near Masonic ave.:
easy oaymente.
A. J, RICH b CO..
112 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE BY W. H. CRIM A CO..
118 MONTGOMERY ST.
$11.000— Buchanan, nr. California: 4"J:6xlOO;
double house of 8 rooms, bath each;
rents $03.
$7,000 — Harrlsf.n. nr. 23th. opp. Garfleld
square; GOxlCO; flats of 0 and 7 rooms
and bath.
$S,230 — 4 flats. 4 rooms, bath each; rents $74;
mortgage of $3000; Fol*cm. nr. 14th.
$5.000— Julian ave., nr. 16th st.: 2 flats, 8
rooms, bath; 30x100. to small street.
$4, COO — Neat home; 8 rooms, bath; 20th St..
near Castro.
$9,250 — _ fiats, d and 7 rooms and bath; rents
$75; 25x122:6; Cole, near Haight.
$9,250— S flats: Stelner. nr. Union: 5 and 6
rocms and bath; 27:6x100; rents $.S0.
$6,600— Golden Gate a vp., near Laguna st. :
27:6x120.
$6,500— Webster, nr.' Waller: .1 flats. R rooms
and bath; 2tix9'>; rents $49 60: part ca-h.
ll.WHV— 2 lots: Clipper, nr. Church:-6O:llxll4.
$300 — Andover ave.. nr. Blaine St.; 23-70;
¦• Installments.
$l.S0O— A St.. nr. Oth ave.: 50xlCO.
SAVE ?5~~ ;¦
PER MONTH
By buying a lot In the growing city of Rich-
mond, where are located th* Standard Oil
Company, Santa Fe Railroad terminal, th*
Southern Pacific ' R. R. belt warehouses and
manufacturing plants. All level. Street*
graded. Maps free..
RICHMOND LAND COMPANY.
Crocker building. San Francisco.
SAN MATEO— BURLINGAMR*
Best uuburban homes near Pan F>ancU<y»;
no ferry; electric railroad now runnlrur: lots
and residences for sale: we can mtll good lots
as low as $500 each: we will be glad to snow
them:, we also have «ome acreage land near by
as low as $100 to $200 tvr acre.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
10S Montgomery St.. San Francisco. Resident
agent.* S. O. GOODHUE. Western Union Tel.
\-bldg.. San Mateo.
$4000— CLEMENTINA St.. n«ar St'i.; lot 25x
80: 4 separate flats: r*nt* $41 50 per month;
must be eold. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
' * 25 Post St.
FOR choice list of city property, housea and
lots.: also Oakland and Berkeley- bargains,
call on or address -.r»m<B-*«»irv "¦BSsa^uBHttt
ROTHERMEL & CO.. 607 California st.
NOE-ST. cottage for $3500; bet. 17th *nd ISth;
lot' 25x110; 0 room*, bath, high basement,
. barn;* owner must t sell; make offer. O. A.
BERTON. 323 Montgomery »t.
PLUMBING, gasflttlnr and general Jobbing.
'Ahlbaeh & Mayer, plumbers, 839 Howard st.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— -FOR - SALE.
BALDV.'IN & HOWELL.
25 POST ST.
10 LEVEL LOTS, . V ;
On -j;
, Hayes,
- Fell and
Broderlck
Flats or Residences..
$6,100— A positive bargain; comparatively new
pair of flats on the north aide of Fred-
erick et., near Ashbury: Nob. 212 and
214: ¦ large lot. 25x116:6; r "^ ern
throughout; rented low at $600 per
year; we are Instructed by the owner,
who- resides in the East, to sell this
property at once; the price has been
reduced from $7000 to make a. quick
sale; the flats could not be duplicated
for less than $0000; lot worth $2500;
get permit from our office.
$4,000 — Rent $43 per month; 4 separate flats
ot 4 rooms each, In splendid renting
location, close to Third st.} lot runs
through from street to street, having
double frontage; all in perfect order;
new roof, etc. ; must be sold tnis
week; a bargain can be. had in this
property. „
$4,250— Splendid residence on Pine Bt., --
story house, 7 rooms and bath; modern
plumbing: porcelain bath, etc.; cheap-
est house to be had in the Westeiu
Addition. • ¦ „ ,,, !
$9,500— Rents $€5 per month; large lot, 2oxl44;
cn Flllmore Bt., near McAllister; two-
etory frame building of 2 flats of 6 and
7 rooms and bath each; building could
be raised and store put in at small
cost, making thie a choice piece of bust- ;
ness property.
$13.0C0 — To close an estate, or will be sold
separately or $6000 and $9000; E11U
8t.; tn excellent location; three fine
dwellings. 2 and 3 Etories and base-
ment; lot CO-foot frontage; will sub-
divide for J8000; lot 35, with 2 houses,
rent $65. or for $<!00O. 3-story building, ]
renting for $45; -.Vfoot frontage.
$5,750 — Here you are: all you people looking ]
for 2 flats in "VVeetern Addition at a j
bargain: we have 2 flats of « rooms ;
and bath «ach; not far from the park, j
close to Halght-st. cars, on a lot -5x80. ;
and renting for $.>6 50 per month; this
Is a splendid investment.
$20,000^ — Mum be sold before owner leaves for
Europe on December 1 : large lot, 3Ox 1
137:6: frame building:, renting for $S2 50 1
per month; right down town, with ele- j
gant exposure; suitable for email hotel 1
or anartment-house; near Sutter and |
Powell sts. I
$2,0CO— Tremont ave., near Waller; only one j
block to Haight-8t. cars; very desirable •
little home, consisting of a cottage,
containing 5 rooms and bath: not oc-
cupied by owner, but renting for $22 50
per month: a well-paying investment if
not wanted for a home.
$1,000— The asking price; any fair offer will
take this property, belonging to an asso-
ciation which desires to sell Its real
estate; large corner lot, MxS5. com-
manding a splendid view; desirable for
a builder; corner Hill and Sanchez sts.;
take Castro-st. cars.
$8,500— Rents $900 per annum; lot 25x122:6,
to rear street; two splendid flats of 0
and 7 rooms and bath each, and cot-
tage cf 5 rooms; street work all done:
always rented; Vallejo st., close to Van
Ness ave.
* FOR SALE. "
ASHTON & GARDNER.
Real Ectate and Insurance,
411 MONTGOMERY ST. '
Telephone Main 1)4.1. j
$100,000 — Geary st., opp. St. Francis Hotel:
magnificent property in the heart of
the coming retail center.
$42,500— Main st.. near Mission; a full water
lot, with 3-story brick building; must
be sold to close estate.
N. W. cor. Haight and Flllmore sts.; 137 :6x
150:6; magnificent site for stores and
flats; make offer.
North cor. Ninth and Bryant sts.: 50x85; part-
ly Improved: rents $105 per month;
offer wanted.
$12,5C0— S. W. cor. Union and Dupont sts.:
Improvements consist of 3-story build-
ing renting for $1200 per annum.
$10,0CO — Fifteenth st., near Church; 3 new
flats, renting for $1050 per annum.
$2,S50 — Webster St., near Oak; fine building
let. 25x100.
$1,200 — Lombard St., near Baker; excellent
flat sites; lot 25x155.
Washington ft., near East; lot 20x60; 3-story
frame building; improvements coming this
way rapidly.
South line of Geary St., near Van Nees ave.;
lot 30x120; fine modern building, consisting
of three flats, renting for $1440 per annum;
neighborhood steadily Increasing In value.
Townsend, near Fourth St.; lot 23x120, with
improvements renting for $1500 on good lease;
opp. freight sheds; offer wanted.
'~~~~' SPECK & CO. '
C67 Market St., opp. Kearny,
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors.
Full charge taken of property.
BIG INTEREST PAYING FLATS.
$25,000 — Rents $230; corner; Western addition;
lot 37:6x84 feet.
$19, CCO — Annual rents, $21S5: Golden Gate
Park; modern, bay-window flats; lot 50x
137:6 feet.
$16,000 — Geary St., east of Larkla et.; rents
$125; 3 elegant flats.
$15,000— Annual rents, $1710; Webster st.; 4
new flats; select location.
$11,600 — Annual rents, $1328; substantial ¦ 3-
story building; lot 50x80 feet; -vicinity
of Second and Howard sts.
$10,000—2 beautiful Post-st. flats: close to
Gough st.; 30 feet frontage; always rent-
ed; yearly rents. $fKM).
$6,500— Yearly rents. $924; Ritch st..; lot 42x
75 feet; pays 14 per cent.
$5,000— Yearly rents, $624; 2-story building
and stable for six horses.
$4,600—2 Sutter-st. flats; 5 and 6 rooms; lot
25x137:6 feet; a good buy.
$3,250 — Yearly Income, $420: flats near Third
and Bryant sts.; lot 25x75 feet.
SPECK & CO.,
C67 Market it.
B. GETZ, Room 22, Chronicle BIdg,
OWNER AND DEALER.
$C0 to $500 — Ocean Heights and Ocean Boule-
vard lot*!'.'.
$300 to $500 — Nlneteenth-ave. Boulevard lots!!!
Graded and level, ready to build on.
$350 to $1200— Choice Sunset and Richmond
lots! 11
$160 up— Excelsior Homestead — warm belt of
the Mlsiion. Level lots, ready to build on
good car service.
All lots sold on easy monthly payments from
$5 up.
$1000 to $5000— New cottages and houses on
easy Installments.
NO TROUBLE TO SHOW MY PROPERTIES.
Call at my office, room 22, second floor,
CHRONICLE BUILDING.
FOR 30 DAYS ONLY. ~ *
IN THE HEART OF THE CITY.
Buy a lot; $250; 25x114;
For Christmas.
$5° down; $1 monthly.
No Interest; no taxes.
On Twenty-ninth st.. near Diamond; grand
view of city; 15 minute* to City Hall; electric
cars will f>oon extend on Diamond.
JACOB HEYMAN CO., 117 Sutter st.
IN COURSE OF ERECTION. "
6 rooms and 5 rooms and bath modern cot-
tage on -Hoffman ave., near car; remember,
¦ rent money buys these cottages. . ¦
JACOB HEYMAN CO., 117 Sutter st.
$650— PARK LOTS
On north side of J st. and near Forty-sev-
enth; graded.
JACOB HEYMAN CO., 117 Sutter st.
WILL build cottages for parties north and
south of park on easy terms.
JACOB HEYMAN CO.. 117 Sutter sj.
E. H. LANGE & CO..
26 Montgomery Bt., room 23.
$16,750— Gd St., near Folsom: 3-story building
in first-class condlton; lot 25x80; rent $90;
bargain.
MODERN . cottages; finished complete with
every convenience; easy terms; large lots. -
4 rooms — $2900. , .
6 rooms— $3250.
9 rooms— 53500. i
6 rooms-— $3600. 1
7 rooms — $41C0. • '
8 rooms— $4C0O. •
Located on First and Second * aves, bet.
Geary and McAllister st. cars and one block
north of park. F. NELSON,- builder. ¦ -.'.:¦
FOR sale — As a whole or In subdivisions; . 60-
vara lot. south line Union st., 137:0 feet east
of Pierce; lot northeast corner Green and
Pierce sts.; lot 103:6x137:6 feet, Inquire of
CHARLES C. BEMIS, Real Estate Broker.
221 Ssnsonw st. ...
BARGAIN — New l>&-story.- cottage, with . all
' modern conveniences ; porcelain bathtubs,
wood ¦ mantels, dome ceilings, tile sink, .- ce-
ment : wash trays; terms $500 \ cash, ¦ balance
$20 month. 20 Merrttt St.; take Eighteenth-
pt. cars, get off at Hattie. '
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we : loan
• full eemt, Improv. and part lot: at 6 per cent.
1 MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
' NEW flats for sale » on Sixteenth- st. near
Church; rent $00 a month.". D. CONDON,
' builder. .. ' .--.•..:. ...*'-.. : -.' • ¦ ;¦ ¦ .¦,
$2500 COTTAGE In the Mission; part cash;
balance at C per cent; easy payments. Apply
1 left Hartford st. -THE SAN . FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER. 6, 1903.
43
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
EFEC3AL. BARGAlNe-EABY PATMENTS.
$1000 fc'jys beautiful lot. fiOxlSO. near trains
asd schools.
«15O0 buys 6-rooei cottage; modern; very de-
sirable.
f2000 buys B-rocra cottage; lot 40x130; near
Clinton ave.
$_M0 buys beautiful 6-room colonial home;
San Joee ave.
$2?00 k-jy» modern 6-roojn cottage; lot 60x
153; a targair;.
JSC-iO fcuji S-roon cottage; Ean Antonio are.;
a erjtp. ¦•:. ;."
SS500 boys elegant "-room «olo_ial house;
%-ery ccsveslent.
$12M bey* ec'.oaial S-rootn house; all modem
ltr.prcn_-e£*.*. /-' ¦
jr/tno bsys ens ef the r__rt modern 8-room
co'or'a' lnms*i In Alameis.; new; fine corner
lot; beautiful location.
$650" bars choice corner lot. 60x150. together
w.ih large 10-room house, in the center of city.
$»<V> buys a fine S-rootn cottage; lot 60x
Z72 together with furniture: must be- sold cw- i
lag to <Seath cf owner; big bargain.
CALL AND GET A LIST OF OUR PROP-
CT.TIK9 FOR SALE.
FP1—NDID OPPORTUNITY TO GET A
HOME OHEAP
HOUSES BUILT. nENTEO AND EX-
CHANGED.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 PARK ST..
Te>phrce Grand 1«S1. Alsnaeda.
A HOME FOR E\T_RTBO_>Y.
$1^00 — 5-room lVs-etory cottage; lot 25x101;
terr_s.
$1000— 6-rocra 1 -story cottage; lot 26x100;
terms.
$1400— 6-roo_t 1-story cottage; lot £6x100;
tensa.
$1760— 5-room 1-etcry cottage; lot 26x125; %
cash.
$2150 — 7-reo_J 1-stcry cottace; lot 64x150;
I" '¦¦•:• each.
$2150— 5-rocsn 1-etcry cottage; lot 40x115; H
cash.
$2300— e-roota 1-story cottage; lot 60x150; %
cash.
$5100— 7-room 1-stery cottage; lot 60x150; U
cash.
Two r.lce water front cottage* on Central
ave.. near station; bargains; large list of realty.
Aptly to A. R. DENKE. 1400 Webster St.
CHOICE corner in neighborhood of handsome
henset; lot SSxlSO; trees end shrubbery:
hocce has thirteen room« sxd bath above
bas*mcr.t: launfiry. irvants' rooms, bath
storerooms and billiard room in finished base-
ment; stable, carriage bouee and chicken
house: worth $12,000; must be sold to close
«>cfate: examine and make an offer. Box
_S74, CaU office.
f.Hi.OOO— BUSINESS property for sale in Oak-
Itnd; 44 rooms; let Sf>xlOO; now leased for 6
>ears at $152 * ) *' r month; cood security: also
in Alameda. a brand new g-room house; up
to <!ate. CHARLES ADAMS A CO.. Eay
station, AlSTneds; phone 1811.
IT 3'ou wart to build, buy or s»5l property,
cell or adiress J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park et.,
Alasr-eda.
$350 — FINE larjx let. one block from Encinal
etation: street work, sidewalk »nd sewer
compete. Box SI 42. Call.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
WHY is Oefclsnd anxiou* to annex "Beautiful
Berkeley" ? Because they ere envious of us.
Lock at th!«, Mr. Oakland man — A fine lot
ctn be hid in Berkeley for $600; street work
done; cement walks down and only 600 feet
from rtat_ «f new Key route.
Only 3 lots left in the beautiful Hopkins
Terrace, overlookiar the bay; street work all
dear; a full .V>-foct lot fcr $1250; no eteep
f-limbing; nothing to eijuai them in Alameda
Count:'.
fTfiTft * new 7-rocm house; lsr~ lot; near
North Btrteiey _xtj>n; "a bonnit home."
A eood investment— I have a fine property. ''
e onstetlac cf a hr«uf* cf 30 rooms, large lot,
leased 'cr $10i per month; near the university.
?7'**0 — One of the b'rt built houses in Eerke-
ley; double floors, (urr_c«, etc.; fine corner
lot; a beaut r.
*t^""0(>^3 acres of land near the hills; a pret-
ty site Tor a gentleman'* home.
Special notic" — The new Key route cars stop
at my o5Scc: come over and spend the day.
JOS. J. MASON.
R«*a! F>ifcte Ag^nt. Berkeley station.
ALLEN & ELLIS SPECIALS.
Bargain* in Ix-:t, cn Macadamized Streets.
*-»?*i — »5xll5; .'. blocks of Berryman.
$575 — ."''sir': oboice lecatien; near Ashby.
*>:Sy — 4Cil_5; 2 block* cf tterryrr.an.
»KiO — iOxi«>; ea« of Ehattuck, rtraih of Rose.
t::.2T. — 00xir>0; Hillegars Tract; near Parker.
JH7S — &0vl_5; Scerac Tract: near Euclid.
$IU_» — Elegant lot: Berry-Bangs; near Parker, j
Bargains in Houses on Paved Streets.
$1200 — 6 rooms; near Achby.
tlfcSO — Neat 4-room cottsge; close In.
$2760 — Dandy 5-rocm cottage; basement; choice :
lot: near in.
SSSOO^ — 7 room*: lot 50x140; east of Shattuck, '
south of Vine.
JSSOO— 10 rooms; lot 60x125; east cf Shattuck,
south cf Vine.
$4003 — S roorrs; new; chctce location; east of
Dasa; near Dwight,
ALLEN & ELLIS.
Berkeley. California.
BUSINESS CHANCES IN BERKELEY.
For sale — A well-established business on
Center tt.. near university grounds; rtock, fix-
tures, including household goods with good j
will. $000; suitable for men or women.
For sale — Restaurant on Center st, $S0O: no i
better Investment; owner not Etrcng enough to •
kee-p up with increase of patronage. i
To lease — F"or a term of twenty-one (21) !
years, fine location at Berkeley etation; $io
per month tor ftret five years with a grad-
uated rental each succeeding five years; income
bearing property now.
For sale — Fli^e business lot cn Fhattuck ave .
near terminus of Key Route, Berkeley stat'on
BERKELEY UEALTY CO..
2147 Center at.
BUY ONE OF THESE CHRISTMAS PRES- I
ENTS.
$;200— Acre lot on Clareraor.t ave.; fine trees.
$<_0— Let overlooking bay; near College ave.;
a!! street work dor.e; cars 2 blocks.
$2500—60x130 cn Channing way. near Tele-
graph ave.; everything e!ee in block ££50.
$S per foot: fin; corner let, near new Santa Fe
nation.
CHENEr A BERET.
y- O- Hlock. Berkeley etation.
» 1 - 600 r: 1 "~ l'.i blocks from station. 2
block* from electric cars. -
$1,600 — 7-room house end well. lot 200 feet
front. 1S5 feet den>; street work com-
.„ y_« p - : mar et * llon » c «« and university.
*4.CeO~ < -rooni house In perfect crder: street
work ell done; lot 75x120; situated at
3021 King it.. Berkeley. ""»*«» ai
$2,400— 6-room hou*e; near etation. cchool.
etc.: lot 45x153; easy terms.
•l^C^^roorn^use; new; best location in
$:5,0C0— Business block at Berkeley station- a
snap; now earning 12 per cent.
U J. MORAN A CO..
£131 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley Station.
ALL GOOD BITYR.
$850 — i-room ixruse: fin* well, chicken house
and yard: lot 40>132; handy to cars.
$l,f>00 — 4-room bouse; high basement; Bice lot:
gas, betb and patent tol!et; on main
street and car line; $500 cash; balance
tlS prr month.
$1.610— 5-room hour*: high baeement: bath
and patent toilet: windmill and barn
nice garden; lot 40x127: street work com-
t-iete: well located; handy to cars.
$2,300 — Handsome 7-room house, almost new
all conveniences: lot 60x145; street work
fiorr.plete; epjendld location; close to car
line.
I2.CS0— Very handsome, well boat, 6-rocm
house; high basement: every convenience;
Urge lot; street work complete.
W. C. MORAN, Lorin Station, or
C. C. EMgLlE. Aehby Station.
WOO — Reduced from fioso for immediate sale;
cottage, 3 good room*; swell, large lot*
close to cars and ferry train: a snap.
ISGfW — New modern cottare, 6 rooms hath
basement, tinted walls, frescoed ceilinrs*-
improved street; close In.
ISSOO — A beamy; us-to-date colonial home; 7
rooms and bath: elegant paneled dining-
room: fine I or-at lor.; examine.
Buy a lot; now is the time; you will make
big money.
H. P. IRWIN. Lorin Station.
LAWTOX A ALBEE. real rstate, have for sale
Berkeley homes, residence and buslnes* lots
at lowest rrlces; choice investment property,
r* yir.g « per cent to 10 per cent net; refer to
. cither back in Berkeley. 2129 Center et.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKL.AXD REAL ESTATE.
I _z_ v
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
', 460-462 Eighth Street,
J Oakland.
; $6500— Pair new modern flats, 6 rooms each;
i rents $60; Telegraph ave.
j _.'¦"¦"..' : ' " ¦
| $2000— Pair new flats, 5 rooms each; lot 41x100;
< windmill and tank; rents $22; Berkeley.
$2750— Store and flat, 4 rooms: near Adeline
j ? station; rents $27 50; in fine repair.
$6S50 — Splendid pair flats. 6 and 7 rooms; lot
4inl00; near locals and car lines; rents
; $eo.
' $7500 — Bank snap; 10-room house: terraced cor-
ner. 150x140; overlooking Lake Merrltt;
$10,000 loaned on this.
$4000 — Mo-iern home; 10 rooms; terraced lot,
: 75x150; marine view; bargain.
$uC50 — Modern house. 9 rooms; corner lot, 40
| ; fett; near locals and car lines; cost $t>000.
' $4500^ — Choice home: S rooms; e\ - ery conven-
i ience; lot 54x145; barn; Merrlmac st.
; $3350 — Swiss colonial; 7 rooms; new and mod-
1 ern; near locals and car lines; very easy
I terms; must be sold.
¦ $3100 — New colonial; 8 rooms; lot 37:6x115;
j near Telegraph ave. and Thirty-seventh
: st_; eaey terms.
j $2750— Splendid house: S rooms; lot 35x125; near
Adeline station; easy terms.
j $2600— Two cottages; lot 50x100; rent $20;
V; Tenth ave.
11S50— Good house; S rooms; 30 feet front;
newly renovated: near Market st.; close In.
$2500— Modern cottage; 5 rooms; convenient to
Center-st. station, •
$1500— New. modern cottage; 5 rooms; $700
cash; ?ll 25 month: must be told.
LATMAXCK REAL ESTATE CO.
4C0-4C2 Eighth St..
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT (Inc.).
1060 BROADWAY, OAKLAND. CAL.
i "FOR QUICK-SIGHTED BUYERS."
! i UNIMPROVED. -^ ;; ."
| $375 — Would be cheap at $WX>: fine sightly
; lots; good surroundings; marine view;
close to schools, cars, etc.; size, 40x120:
street work complete; H cash, balance
easy payments.
; _. t.
[ $7C0. Remarkably .Low Price. $700
40-foot frontage* on Santa Clara »ve.. nr.
j Oakland ave.; "Linda Vista Terrace";
j elegant surroundings: just 7 lots left:
terms 'If desired; will build a home for
you on same; just like rent, only better
proposition. . .
g C A — —^—
»isoo. .... --
An S-rcom house: thoroughly remodeled:
hig-h basement; cement floor; heavy brick
foundation: within easy walk to business
center: ntai Lafayette Schocl; price cut
fcr quick sale.
21 -M
¦ $2500. * " * $?r,00.
Store end flat of 5 roctn«. etc.. In first-
rUf) order and condition; in good business
locality; will readily rent for $27 per
month. See this.
1157
$1250. $1250.
Cottage of 5 rooms, etr. ; newly remodeled;
first-clarn condition; 26x125; readily rents
for $12 50 rcr month; i-j cash, balance
bank mortgage.
1644
Why not build a home to your own Ideas?
We will build it on very easy terms, which
wil! surprise jrou. Get particulars at our office.
i HOLCOMB. KREEIl & BANCROFT fine).
j lOtSO BKOADWAT. OAKLAND, CAL.
_—_———_—_—_—————————__________________,
HOLIDAY OFFERINGS BY
¦ JAS. S. NAISMITH.
| f>34 Thirteenth £t. 534 Thirteenth St.
$225 will buy' lot 35xl2f». only one block east 1
[ of San Pablo a\e.. In North Oakland, where
; every thine is eolng up; good location, but j
; owner says sell it.
$1J.V) — On Alratrar ave.; cood ccrner lot,
: 54*100; street newly macadamized.
$1SOO — Close to Adellne-»t. local station; 8-
! room house; will be sold on easy terms.
$3750— Comer cn 12th St., with 7-room house
I that with little exvc nse could be changed into !
I two good fiats; between Jefferson and Market
sts.
J20 per foot: fine little lot on East 16th st..
i cloie to Sth ave.
Clos» to Linda Vista Terrace, fine large house !
of 7 good rooms: everything modern; large lot,
OO feet front: jrood stable: will be sold for
| J5T.no. cr will sell house with but 50 feet if
i desired.
• Your choice of IS lots in the AUlen Tract.
j situated on 4Cd. 44th anl 43th sts.; all lots
; are 50x100, and will be sold from $500 up and
i on your cwn terms; interest on deferred pay-
' ments but 7^~ per cent; see these before they
. advance.
I '
i NOTE OUR NEW LOCATION.
534 13TH ST.. OAKLAND.'
i 5C50O COST, and Is worth $1000— Thirty-fifth
st. near San Pablo; on'.y 4 blocks from
Key Route station; thirty minutes from
this house to San Francisco by Key
Route: only One fare; a modem bay-win-
dow cottage of 5 rooms, bath, high base-
; rnent: lot 30x140; two-story barn: gravel
1 drives: in fact, an ideal home; terms
' only *5(X» cash, balance mortgage; see-
1 ing is believing; call early; must be sold;
i no reasonable offer refused. J. S.
MYERS, or GEO. W. AUSTIN. 10C2
Broadway. Oakland.
$3250— Just think of it! Two cottages. 6 j
rooms bath, basement, brick foundation. ;
hot and co'.d water, gas: street work all ;
complete; lot 50x150; fruit trees, carrlase;
driveway: near school, local trains, cars
and business center; present Income $32 i
per month; owner has gone East and his i
! Instructions are to sell; we must sell; we
'• wMl sell to the first applicant who will
talk cash and make reasonable offer.' J.
S. MYERS or GEO. W. AUSTIN. 1002
Broadway. Oakland.
$5250— Reduced from $0500; death compels
owner to leave for \;O* Angeles, and he Is
forced to sell; location Webster St., near
Nineteenth: only three blocks from the
business center, poetoffice and narrow
gRUce local: 7 rooms, bath; only occupied
reven months; open lawn, colonial style;
nickel plumbing, plate glass; in fact, an
ideal home; mu?t be sold; see It and
make offer. J. S. MYERS, or GEO. W.
I AUSTIN. 1CC2 Broadway. Oakland.
WM P TODD. 1070 BROADWAY,
.OAKLAND. CAL.
Fine Building Lots Cheap.
150x135. 150x135.
Street work complete: only one block to Tele-
graph ave.; only $10 per foot.
One block to Telegraph: .'(minutes' walk to
Berkeley local and new electric line giving 12-
mlnute service to Kan Francisco. ."'*,-
$20.00 — Fine 6-room house and large barn: lot
r>0xl50; terms can be arranged; half a
block to electric line.
$5230 each — Two new 0 and 7 iwyn bungalow
cottages; lot 35xlC0; half a block to elec-
tric <*ar. '\ : -'~'~ '¦?
I $C5C0 — Fine new 9-room houss; near new elec-
tric line to San Francisco: 1st 42:6x115;
easy terms; would take vacant lot in ex-
change for rart payment:
WM. P. TODD. 1070 BROADWAY,
OAKLAND, CAL.
S M. DODGE & SON.
; *«K>— Snap: 24th-st. building lot.
$500 — A few left: centrally located building
lots; near local. .
$13C0 — Beautiful home site; lot 70x112; near the
lake. .
$20 per foot; positively the cheapest lots be-
tween San Pablo and Telegraph avts.;
sunny side of 32d tt. .
I $2500 — Well arranged 5-rocm cottage; extra
room In floored basement; Union st. "
$2300— Very pretty 7-room houee: finished in
lllfht woods: near Lake Merritt:
ONLY A FEW MINUTES' WALK
FROM 14TH AND BROADWAY.
Two choice offerings ; one a cottage of 5 rooms,
the other of 6; prices, $2800 and $3000 re-
spectively.
BERKELEY BARGAIN.
$1625 — 50-foot lot: near university, cars, 2 fer-
ry systems; finest view you ever had of all
bay points.
S. M. DODGE A SON.
11U0 -Broadway.
$1475— SUNNY cottage and lot; walking dis-
tance to 14th and Broadway: easy terms
THE ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broadway, Oakland.
$1750— COTTAGE. 5 rooms, bath,- and sta We:
17th St.. west from Grove; a bargain. THE
ALDEN CO., HIS Broadway, Oakland.
$2250 — COTTAGE, 6 room?, bath, and lot 3fix
120; ICth «t.. west of Adeline. THE ALDEN
CO.. HIS Broadway. Oakland...
BARGAINS in Piedmont residence lots. Includ-
lr-jr all kinds pf flowers and shrubbery; "will
i build to suit. Box 854. Call office. , Oakland. I
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY _E__ ESTATE.
$?850— Now or never; for a few day* w«
offer a nebby new house of 7 rooms and bath;
MJ?*i? nt *> Iuinl >'n*: street work done: house
elegantly tinted; price for few days $3S50.
XV. J. MORTIMER & CO..
•i»c ~- 123 c «-ter st.. Berkeley.
ir,*.r^S olrK 1Ike hot cakes; see that fine lot
in the Wheeler tract; size 60x120; view Is un-
surpassed in California: come and see it.
W. J. MORTIMER & CO..
2123 Center St.. Berkeley.
*•_?_. , thta an<1 el op paying rent; make your
— — Jy a Christmas present of a new. cozy,
up to date cottage; close to stations, school,
cnurcn and stores; 5 large rooms bath.
Pantry, folding doors. 2 bay-windows, high
basement, stationary tubs, brick foundation,
ga« and electric lights, fixtures and shades;
large lot; street work done and concrete side-
walk done; city water; price $2500; terms,
S~00 cash, balance $20 monthly. O. A. RU-
DOLPH. Lorin Station. Open Sundays.
XEVf 4-room modern cottage; large lot; close
to both ferry line stations and street cars,
stores, school and church; price 51500; terms
$100 cash, balance $15 monthly; same as
rent. O. A. RUDOLPH. Lorin Station. Open
Sundays.
ANOTHER SNAP — 5-rocm cottage; Improved
street; dose to station and electric cars;
must be sold: $1750; easy terms if necessary.
JUSTER & BAIRD. 2137 Shattuck ave.
12100— Let 103x162: easfcside of Telegraph ave.;
all street work done.
$350— Lot SCxlPO; cart of Telegraph ave.
LITTLE & WOOLSET. 2110 Shattuck ave.,
Berkeley. Cal.
IF you want a neat modern home in beautiful
Berkeley fcr $100 or $200 cash and balance
small monthly payments, call or write
FRANCIS FERRIER. REAL ESTATE.
2121 Ehattnck ave. opp. BERKELEY sta.
ONE left: a splendid new home in Berkeley:
small cash payment; remainder on install-
ment* !ess than rent. S. F. and S. Home
Building Society. 708 Market St.. S. F. -
FRUITVALEADYERTISEMENTS
FRCTTVAXE REAL ESTATE.
ENETSINGER & MATTESON,
1218 FTiiitvale ave., FruitvaJe. CaL
$2100 — 6-roo_i 2-story beure; near station; one
block from school and electric cars; large
lot. city water, electricity, large pantry,
bath, etc.; terms. Email amour. t cash and
balance on eaey installment*.
! $1600 — ?-room cottage; lot 50x176; n»ar school
and electric tars; high basement, city
water, sewer, barn; terms $200 cash easy
payments for balance.
* $1300 — Cottage of 4 rooms; excellent location;
large lot: east front: gus, porcelain bath,
patent toilet, modern pantry, large laun-
dry; beautifully tinted wails, cove ceil-
ings, etc.; & bargain for a new home.
Special bargain— One acre of irroun;!. with 6-
room cottage, well, chicken houses, pigeon
loft, fruit, flowers and berries: owner
must sell; investigate this and make an
offer.
$3200— Beautiful cottage of 5 rooms; half block
from cartine; lot 41xl5o : bam. chicken
yards, pigeon fly 4> rabbitry. shrubs, flow-
ers and lawn; a perfect home in every
respect.
SNETSINGER _ MATTESON.
121 C Fruit vale ave.. Fruitval?. Cal.
I H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station.
. $300— New 3-room cottage with ail modern
; improvements; lot 40x135; enly one block
from electric car line.
: $1C5O — Bay-window 5-room cottag*: hall. bath,
basement: nice att!<\ all floored: only 2
blocks from Fruitvale etation; this Is a
bank foreclosure sa'.e.
i $1250— Nice 5-room cottnge. hall. bath, laun-
dry rooms: also barn, etc.; lot 50_150.
! $1C75— New modern 4-room c<">ttace hall, bath
fh-Rh barmen*, etc; lot 29sI7JS; within
walking distance to local station.
J $2300— I~in- cottage cf 5 large rooms, bath-
room, pantry, closets; 7-foot tasemsnt;
rhoice fruit trees ard shsdp tr<*»s; rtn-
k'."i 3 chicken houses: fine vrrli. windmill
¦ n<i tank; lot 82:0x150; close to electric I
cars.
* - - I
; $210i>— New 5-room cottage, hall. bath, man-
tel, stationary tube and all modern Im- '
provements: in a flr.e location and oaly
2 blocks from Fruitvale station.
I $2250— Extra good 5-rcom cottage, hall, bath
and other modern improvement*; lot 72:Cx
174; only block from Frultvale-ave. car
line.
H. A. TLEITNER. Fruitvale Station.
H. RARKMEYER. 120G Fruitvale ave.. Fruit-
vale -
i $1150 — Cottage of 3 rooms, pantry, closst, etc.;
lot 37:6x100: chicken and pieecn house*;
cement walss; 3 blocks from Frultvale
staticn.
1 $1COO— New ccttaze of 4 rooms and bath; all
modern ; lanre lot; fine location; walking
¦ distance to local staticn: terms If desired.
¦ $lC00 — lij acres of rich soil In bearing orchard;
2-room house; near school and car line;
city water in street.
$leCO — House o£ 5 rooms and bath; all modern:
fine lawn and flowers; lot :t.',xl2.*; 2-story
tin; 3 blocks from Fruitvale ctaticn.
$1800 — New cotlare of 6 rccras and bath: por-
celain bath tub: all modern; high base-
ment: lot 40x120; terms $300 cash; balance
on easy monthly installments; near school
; and cars.
• $1550 — A bargain; new cottage of 5 rooms and
j bath: high basement; lot 40x115; half a
block from car line.
$£500 — ? 1-3 acres; the very best soil; in hear-
ing orchard: all kinds of srn_ 1! fruits;
house of 5 rooms4 large barn; chicken
houses: fine dug well; 4 blocks from elec-
tric cars.
Fcr particulars apply to -
HENRY BARKMEYEH.
Tel. Brook CSS. Frultvale.
:
I CHAS. F. LEE Phone Vale 230
Office. 3 ,i Blo^k Friitvale Station.
¦ $1750— '' roem anl bath cottage; high base- [
I rnpnt; good bam; fruit tree? and flowers;
! cement sidewalk: street work all done; sewered: i
2 blocks to electric cars; near depot: only $3tX) ;
cash: balance $17 monthly; lot ::5xl25. !
$1(00 farts — 16 large lots, 25x100 each; splen-
did 5-room cottage: K chicken houses: pigeon ;
cote, 12x100; all inclosed with fine galvanized j
wire: ebundar.ee of fruit trees and flowers; ber-
riex of all kinds in a high state of cultivation:
nice gravel walk*: entire property surrounded
by a fine tight board fence; only 2 blocks to
] electric cars; fine residence section; this plac*
¦would make * first-class chicken ranch; price
all told, $25C0; take quick sa>: owner leaving
country.
$75 lots in the bcnutful Rosa I<ee tract; fine
soil: rrand view; new hemes rapidly going up:
no coM winds or wet foirs «nd lots only $73
each" *5 down, balance $2 EO per month.
CH A RLES F. LEE 1222 Frultvale ave.
FP.UITVALE— BUY IN FRUITVALE.
SOLE AGENTS FOR SATHER TRACT. |
LeU $ 37B !
Lot* 5Oxl2S .Va) |
Ixrts 50x200 «H>,
6-room new cottage 1S50 |
See our $150 lots: close In; many bargains in j
cot lanes.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT CO.,
FRUITVALE STATION.
A BEAUTIFUL country home in Elmhurst: 8-
room house; elegant Interior finish; barn j»nd
carriage hcuse: chicken and numerous other I
out bouse*; concrete driveways; beautiful
Comer garden: 2 acres of orchard: one of the
prettiest homes in Atameda County; It is go-
Ing to go for half of its real value; price $40C0;
email payment down; balance on easy terms ;
will exchange for Oakland cr San Francisco
property. MITCHENER & BARTON. 1010
Broadway. '
ELMHURST ccttege of 5 rooms; nearly new;
lot 120xlM. with fruit trees; enly $1000;
owner going away.
7-rocm, 2-story house with lot I20_40; only
S3C00,
4-rocm ecttage: large lot; $1100.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT CO., |
Fruitvale Staticn. |
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
.- .i i. . ¦.»¦¦ . i ¦ . - ¦ ¦ .... .-.. ---?
$20 — 4-KOOM upper flat: completely furnished;
bath and laundry; two blocks from local sta-
tion. MONTGOMERY ft TILLEY. 1C3 Tele-
gntph ave.. Oakland. -
OAKLAKD ROOMS TO LET.
VENDOME AND GRAND HOTELS.
615 V, Washington and £10 Ninth sts., Oak-
land; furnished rooms en suite or eingle.' wua
_*L___________________L_______________,
OAKLA5D J^yj^^}^J}^J^^^b^
TO-MORROW the day for bargains ta furat-
• ture. H. Bchellhaas, lltb «t..cor.store.O_klnd.
PERSONALS.
A SPECIAL LOW RATE. 30 DAYS ONLY—
M. ELLA HARRIS.
To all whom I have made price* ta since
Jan. 1. 1903. <_ for the ensuing 30 days oaly.
I will make a liberal reduction from all
prices for my special deep-wrinkle treatment.
The lady who has been on exhibition in
the drag store windows may be seen at my
office- this week from 10 to S. In order to- ao-
ccm modate those who have requested to ex-
amine the face more thoroughly in private.
M. ELLA HARRIS,
T81 OTarrell st. near Larkin. CaU or wrlt»
for bock explaining method.
WE would like to put a copy of The Advertis-
ing World into the hands of every person
who keeps any kind cf a store: every news-
paper man. every advertising writer, every
person Interested' In business of any kind;
we send sample copies free on request, and
the paper usually makes friends for itself at
first sight. It isn't made to be pretty, but
I to be helpful— and its circulation of 23.000
1 < biggest of Its class In the world) shows that
It is helpful. May we have your addressT
The Advertising World. Cclnmbus. Ohio.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed;
\ guaranteed or money returned; it removes by
absorption in 10 minutes without pain or In-
Jury to the most delicate sktn; sent ta any
address, with directions, price $1; agents
wanted. DR. O. JACKSON*. 4_t Minna St..
San Francisco. Cal. :. J- V,
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dan draff
and itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1333 Polk.
LADIES* perfection seamless rubber gloves
keep the h_n<i3 smooth, soft and white whil*
doing housework: postpaid $1 23: send slu of
kid worn. Perfection Rubber Co.. box 57.
Lima. Ohio.
A YOUNG business man. ju3t rrom the East,
desires actmalntance cf young blonde lady
about 21 years; object, matrimony; no tri-
flers. Hox 31(5. Call office.
M"Alvs~r>psT~frU-nd^DrT~M^tters Quick Cure
for Lost Manhood: acts Immediately: '"It
dees the business"' sarrale free. KRAIUCO.
Chemist. Dept. 2M. Milwaukee. Wls.
DON'T dcsporJ: if your illness has not been
relieved by others my treatment will effect
a cure. IVAN MCLAUGHLIN. 40U-407
Starr King builiiinr. 121 Geary st.
NOT how cheap but how good la the motto cl
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the «ewtcg-inachire of to-day, i.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market sf.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' txperience. cur*s per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
edJress Central Pharmacy. 251 Crant ave..
ccrner gutter st. : fee moderate. __^
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres: dealer ia
carpet twine In hank or chain, at lowest
rat*s. Ceo. Matthews. 703 Fifth st.. Oakland.
4— LETTER received; day tint? bitter: will
await telesraiTi; nwk: it aay day but Satur-
day. L. and K. — 7.
LIQUOR habit cured In 2 days or no charges;
guaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure Co.. «07 Mar-
ket St.. rccm »C: phone South 751.
WIDOWER. 45. with means, wishes ta me*t
widow botwern 30 ard 4O of means; object,
matrimony. Hex 3715, Call office.
BKD-WETT1XO cured, any ajr; package o*
Pen-lne. direction* ard booklet free. ME 'm
«iuri Remedy Co.. D»pt. 6>J. St. Louis. Ms-
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overeoaui
HSd treusers at CHARLES LYONS". London
tailcr. 721 Market st.
FINE, trenulna diamonds, watches, jewelry
rheapf-r than anywhere. A. A. RITTER, 237
Kearny st.
ELEGANT suits on easy installments: 5O cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
dky evga.. Teutcnla Hall, Howard St., nr.
!>th: Prof. Foster: scdety dancing taught.
MANUSCRIPTS reorganised, revised or criti-
cized. C. DIXON. 2517H Castro St., 8. F.
MASQUERADE cwti'wa, play book*, wigs;
- rourtry cr.Wa. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SU1TS to order on installments. $1 per week.
Neuhaus & Co.. merch. tailors. 727-729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by e'.ec-
tric Tieeile. Dr. A Mrs. Traverse..ll70 Market.
THE bejt place to buy good umbrellas or have
t!;em covered cr repaired is 120 Stockton st.
TAILOR-MADS ruit $7 60; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Al-FREDL'M'S Egyptian Henna* restore* gray
tsir to tta natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
Easwrflaeea hair and moles removed with elec-
«r<r nee<!Ie Mrs. * Mlse Eaton. 1119 gutter^
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS.
OFFICE OF THE BOARD OF STATE HAR-
bor commissioners. Union Depot and Ferrr
House. San Francisco, California, Novea-
b«r 16. 1803.
Sealed proposals er bids will ba received at
this if Ceo at or prior to 2:13 o'clock p. _
cn Wedaesday. December 23. 1803. for th*
construction of a section of seawall and
wharf along same to be located between
King and Channel streets on the> water
front cf the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, in accordance with the plane and
specifications prepared therefor by the Chief
Engineer cf the Board and adopted by tae
Board August 27, 1S03. and on file in this
office, to which special reference la hereby
made. The work to be done under these
specifications consists In furnishing all ma-
terials and labor for constructing and erect-
ing a stcne e_*w_u with end embankments
and a wharf. I. to estimated that t_e sea-
wall and end • mbankmenta will contain
about 90,0O> _ ?_s of -stone; the wharf will
ccntain 30,Oea *q--<*re feet ot wharf sur-
face. This sect'on of the seawall will ex-
tend from the intersection of the northerly
Mne of Channel street (prolonged easterly >
with, the water front line, six hundred (600)
feet northerly along said water front line.
The materials to b« used for the construc-
tion of the seawall and end embankments
will consist of stone not subject to deeom-
pecition nor disintegration by the action of
cea water or air.
Two classes of stone vi:i b# recogn Usd.
The first class will tnclcda stone of one or
more cubic feet in fair assortment of sizes
between one and four cubic feet; no objec-
tion will be made to stone larger thaa four
cubic feet: this class of stone must be free
of seams and marked lines of cleavage.
The second class will include (tone of les*
than one cubic foot, in assorted sizes, bat
no stone less than five pounds will be ac-
cepted at the quarry.
The materials fcr the construction of the
wharf will consist of the requisite quanti-
ties cf first class, close grained. Douglas
yellow fir piles and yellow flr lumber (mer-
chantable quality), wira rope, wrought Jroa
bolts, spikes, etc. all of the best quaU:r
asd subject to a rigid exar_i__o_.
No hid will be received unless it Is made
on a blank form furnished from this, office
and 1» accompanied by a certified check for
five per cest cf the aggregate amount of
the bid. payable to tha order of toe Sec-t-
tary cf the Beard, as a guarantee oa ta*
part ef the successful bidder that he will
within six (6) days after the acceptance of
the bid enter Into a written contract to do
¦aid work, according to the plans and spec-
ifications prepared tberefcr. and will also
execute aad file with this Board a bond la
such sue: as the Heard may deem a<i*<iuat»
wit— a surety company, to be approved b*
the Board of State Harbor Commissioners,
and conditioned for the faithful perforr_»nc»
of such contract: ncr will raid bid be con-
sidered by this Board unless delivered to the
secretary or to the assistant secretary, a:
the efflcs of the secretary, at or prior t»
2:15 o'clock rw m. on Wednesday. Decem-
ber 23. 1303. at which time and place tbe
bids will be one red.
The Board reserves the right to reject any •»
all bids if deemed for the best interest of
the State.
Bidders ir» Invited to be present at tae open-
in, of the bid*.
CHAS. R. SPEAR.
JOHN C. KIRXPATRICX.
J. D. MACKENZIE.
Board of Rtate Harbor Commissioner*.
LCTT D. NORTON. CMef Engineer.
JOHN M. FOY. Secretary.
UNIVERSITT OF CALIFORNIA. Berk-ley.
Notice- to car.tractom. builders «nd materiat
men — Notice H hereby given to all concerned
that sealed proposals or bids are solicited for
performing the labor and furnishing the ma-
terials necessary for the exravatlcna and
foundations of California Hail, oa ta*
grounds of th« University of California, at
Berkeley. Alameda County. Oalkerma, and
said bfcte or proposals will be receiv-d at tna
office of the Board of Regents, Scutb Hali.
Berkeley, at cr before 12 o'clock m. «t the
11th day of December. 1903. And nctlc* Is
hereby further given that the plans ard speci-
fications, of M.H excavations and foundations
have been made and adopted and are placed
in above named office, where the same mar
be seen and examined during eaclt «*t from
ft o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock p. m . from
this date until said 11th day of t*ecerr ,eer.
1303. No btda or proposals wi;: be considered
unless th« «ame are accompanied by a certi-
fied check or a bond of said proposer equal to
ten <lt) per cent of his proposal, with suf-
ficient sureties, conditioned that. If said bid
or proposal shall b« accepted, tae r-s:-— r **o-
posing will duly enter into a proper contract
to faithfully perform the duty and obliga-
tions in areortiance with said proposal and
plans and specifications, which shall be and
are hereby required to be a part of such
contract. The risht to reject any aad alt
bids Is v hereby reserved. Thl» nattce is
given pursuant to an act entitl«4: "An act
to amecd an act entitled 'An act to ereata
and organize the University of California.'
approved March 23. 1*CS. and an act amend-
atory af section 25 thereof, approved March
28. 1S72. relating to the construction of build-
ings," approved March 3. 1S97. By order of
the Committee cr. Grounds and BuiMlags o*
the Board of Recent*.
W. A. Mcyo~EN. Sgcrrtarr.
Tor Additional Classified Ad«rtL«e-
xnents See Page 44.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE.
".' woodward. Watson & co.
1172 BROADWAY, COR 14TH ST.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
?'*..- JoSOO.
NEAR 86TH AND ADEUNE STS.
New, modern. 2-story house of 7 rooms and
bath; large lot. 50x122; this Is a fine home and
in the growing section.
LIN DEN -ST. HOME.
Here is a very fine cottage home in one of
Oakland's choice, nelzhborhoods ; lot SOkIOO;
on the west elde of street; the house has 6
large sunny rooms and fine basement.
RIGHT* IN" TOWN.
A very desirable cottag-e close to 11th st. and
Broadway: contains 7 rooms, bath; high base-
ment end all modem improvements; this place
is a bareain; terms if desired.
" A BARGAIN.
A 2-story modem 7-room house close to rail-
road yards in West Oakland: lot 29x14*: this
houee can be had for only $250 cash; balance
A CHplC^ COTTAGE.
On the north s de of 18th at., nsar Ade!hi«;
lot 33x110; the cottage Is the best In the nelgh-
borhocd and contains 6 rooms, bath and high
basement; a bargain.
ADELINri-ST. HOME.
Near 14th St.. on west side; a very desirable
2-story house; 7 rooms, bath and all modern
improvements; let 35x110; this Is all new and
in fine conditicn.
I " S4100.
• MAGNOLlA-ST. HOME.
A bargain \v. a new modern house of R
; rooms, bath, reception hall and all the latest 1
improvements; see th.g home at once; best la
this location.
WOODWARD, WATBON & CO..
1172 BKOADWAY. COR. 1«TH ST.
— . ___— . ,
J. H. MACEONALD & CO..
1052 Broadway, cor. Eleventh st.
$S50— Splendid northwest corner: 100x100; just
outside city limits In j Frultvale; near
electric lines and local stations; street
sewered.
I . ¦ - .i : - '" ;
i $isoo— Fine let. 5Cxl40; sunry; suitable for
residence or fiats: near car lines and local
stations; all street 'vork complete; on a
main thorouchfa: •=: «'C0O,'m_y remain ou
mortgage if dcsir^U. j
$1500 — Splend'd sunny . let.- €0x145; cn Thirty-'
eighth St.. near Ti.cgraph ave.; near "Key !
i Route" station; a good buy. ;
$24C0 — Choice residence site; 47xllS; on Tele- '
graph ave.: within easy walking distance,
of City Hall.
$0250 — Fine new n-o<lern cottare «f 5 rc«"ma
and every convenience: lot 40x145; near
•Key Route" station; extra cood neigh-
borhood. This house was NOT built for ;
sale,
$7250 — Splendtd corner on San Pablo ave.: lot
55x111; cottars of 5 rooms on in«id» of
lot: eood for business end sure to advance.
$5500 — 9 ROOMS and bath; large attic; go>i.
barn; gas and electricity: all modern
throuchout; lot 40x150 feet. j
$2750 — Lot 25x70; riyht in the heart of Oak-
land and only 150 feet from S»n Pablo
• ave., with cottage of B rooms and bath; j
rents well every month in the year.
$C0OO— Four flats on lot 50x125; pay 12 per j
cent.
$3000 — Lot 50x100; only 3 block* from 12th j
and Washington; will be on sale for one
week only.
GEO. H. VOSE. REAL ESTATE.
HIS Broadway. Oakland.
! !
AN IDEAL HOME.
$.T25O ca?h, balance to FUit purchase.-: a
grand, select home: modern house ¦ ?f 12 rooms
anl handsome grounds; well kept: L--Uh4tn ter-
race, adjoining East Oakland: one block from
car line; near steam local trains to S. F. and
fine *choo! house; Irvoly site; tn? outlook, view
of bay and mountain range unsurpassed; Al
soli: a fine variety of immense fruit trees, as-
sorted shrubbery awl flowers: this is a rare
home: fine stable for horses and covi ; six* lOOx
125; price in all SC5G0. Can or sf_d fcr cir-
cular, 455 Seventh st., opp. Broadway station.
Oakland; carriage free.
H. Z. JONES. Land Owner.
$10,500—1714 ACRES of e/ood land; nil level:
- near Frultvale: small house: good well
of water; jrood lor subdividing; fronts
on two streets.
C. K. MARSHALL. HIS Broadway.
$4700 ONLY for 2 fine flats In Oakland; rented
for $50 per month. P. C. LASSEN & CO.,
4C6 Tenth tt.." Oakland. Cal. -
A FINE 7-room house; must be sold this week;
pood location: easy terms. P. C. LASSEN
& CO., 466 Tenth St.. Oakland. Cal.
BARGAIN — New 7-room strictly modern house
and laundry: corner lot; elevated location.
Apply A. SORENSON. 1235 East 20th st.
¦ ¦
, HOUSE for sale In Oakland: to b- moved.
Box 874. Call office, Oakland.
I CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
t T T»'t«»rt F;»t«-*.«r Canada one year for $1.
DORSES AND WAGO.TS.
ON Monday. December 7. W03. at 12 m., j at
Animals' Home. 25U Sixteenth st.. will sell
to the highest bidder for cash one bay horse,
badly knee sprung and knuckled.
A — WILL be sold at auction: 40 cheap horses,
a let of wtgons, gurries, buggies, carts and
harness, Tuesday. Decemtcr 8, 11 a. m., at
1140 Folsom Et. '
FOR .-sale — I good horses, 2 work single and
double. $ years old. $240. and 2 for $45.
Come and see at once. S19 Folsom st.
GOOD second-hand Bailey runabout, pneumatic
buggy, phaeton, hack and Victoria cheap, at
.O'BIUEN'S. Polk st. and G. G. ave.
20 HEAD of broken and unbroken horses,
weighing. from 1000 to 1500 pounds. Greely
Salesyards. Seventh ave., near Point Lobos. i
FOR SALE — Shetland pony, harness and i
phaeton. To be seen at Mascot Stables, 1106 ;
Golden Gate ave.
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money,
at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. inc.. the bis store,
1145-1147 Market st., San Francisco. .
GOOD' road horse; round: 10 hands; 5 years old;-
cheap. 1359 Bush st.
MAN wanted to buy Inw-s»t v/agon, suitable
for carpenter: $S5. St3 Howard st.
FOR sale — Cheap, sand wagon : also 1 2-horse
hay wagon. 2410 Harrison st. :
STRONG sad Jle horse, broke to harness, for
sale cheat*. CS57 Twenty-fourth Bt.
WELL bred, gentle, small mare. fast. $40; top
¦wagon. ?C0; cart, $15. 70 City Hall ave.
MUST be sold at sacrifice; 5 good horses.
327 Sixth »t. '. '
Al EXPRESS wagen. light camping wagon
and go-cart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd. sur-
rey.hamess.work.drivlng horses. ISth-Valcnela
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and fiats to let: an Immense list:
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this deoartment: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
st., on the square.
PACIFIC ave.. 1642. near Van Ness — House of
6 rooms and bath: r«nt $23; will renovate
to suit tenant. VON RHEIN R. E. CO., 513
California -st. -. .
SAN JOSE ave.. 222. near Twesty-flfth St.—
Sunny . modern house of 0 rooms and bath;
large grounds and stable; rent . $40. , VON
RHEIN B. E. CO.. 613 California st.
7 ROOMS and . bath ; sun; garden: • all modern
Improvements; 'choice location: y, block from
electric; 5 blocks from local; Twenty-seventh
ave.; $22 CO; water free. . H. BARKMEYER.
Agent. Fruitvale Station.
2 SUNNY flats. 4 and 5 roomy, with I baths
and all modern Improvements; with or with-
out work-hop and barn. For .references ace
CENTER & SPADER. Real Estate -Agents.
7 ROOMS, bath and basement; outside house
north side street: thoroughly renovated; good
yard; modern plumbing; rent $47 50. Key
, 2006 Bush St., near. Buchanan.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 25 Post tt.
GUERERRO, 1128 — Modern and . sunny houss
of 10 rooms. " -^ ,"¦¦¦•
| BtlSCELLAXEOUS FOR -** 1 ?*?7^°£z
i SIX>T machines cheap: Chlcagos. Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIOALUPI. 933 Market.
FOR sale^-Improved Singer sewing machine,
2S.fcr>-enth St.. room 9.
! FINE steam automobile; first-class order. 520
I Lyon st. .
! DESKS and *afe»: see the complete line etlsl«
, - Market. »b. Van Negs. RICHARDSON BROS
I Priatlng office. 2 C. &P. press's, rector, cutter.
1 type, fixtures: doicp good business. 2938. Call.
| SAFES— New and recond hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. "07 Battery st.
A VERY tne d>?i:on<J heart for $210 at W. J.
TTESTHAL'P. 10 Sixth st.
I NEW and weend band machinery of all kinds.
I KROOH MNFG. CO.. 619 Market st.
! MOVING pictures, rr.scir lantern* sale, rental:
bargains.- Ballard A Breck. 131 Pest st.
MILES of pipe and fittings: all sixes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
S.tFES — New and second hand. E. B. BECK
_; CO^ 122 Market st.
AH bargains;camp stools and chairs: hammocks,
metal beds, mattresses. J.F.Hotter.712 Mission.
Ediecn phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclg»lnpi. 033 MXt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all «l»es. J. E. DOAK. 4H Fremont st.
ASK for price* on second-hand typewriers: all
make». ALEXANDER fc CO.. 110 Montg y.
A BRANCH efftee of The Call for the recep-
tion of adv?rt f »errer.ts r*nd subscriptions has
been opened at 100S Market ft., oppcslts
Fifth. Open until 11 p. in. !
j MISCELLANEOUS WANTH. i
WANTED — Secon.l-han.1 International Corr»-
spond^nce Schccl books cn electric lighting
¦ snd railways. At!ir«BS K. MARTIN, 3-00 En-
; tlnal ave.. Al&mada. Cel. . !
WANTED— Wide an^lc fens- PxlO or eSxS'-i.
_ rhoto huttcn machine a^d "-3 type; cabinet. :
Rqx S1I7. CjII offlfC.
WILL pay ca?h fcr gent's „ R. ticket via Kl
• Paso; principals enly for next 5 days. P.
tX bos 81. Alameda.' .
A CORRESPONDENCE course in mechanical
drawing: state r>rice. Bex 2SC1. Call office.
WANTED — 3x7 RcStx camera without ler.s.
ARTHUR INXKUfiLET, COS Montgomerj' st.
WANTI'D — Strsrg tanU frame 24 feet high. Ad-
¦ drc&s ltil.S COPCCt-ta st., Alameda.
WANTED — MahCKar.y combination writing
d^yk and bookcase. C52 Xauma st.
WANTED — A |tco<l re?onf5-h3nd hemstitcher;
rtate prices. Addrers box :;13O. Call.
WANTED — Fa'atoiiTa trunk in rood condition.
Call cr address liC4Vi Fc'sjm st.
WANTED — To rent poit or wholfi office; man-
ufacturer's agent. Bux S10<>, Call office.
A BARGK or ficat: state size; good condition;
reasonable. Bex SSS3. Call office.
WANTED — Good s?cond-han<3 piano: standard
make. Bdx S61. Call office. Oakland^
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES,
1149 Maric't rt.: phone Jessie 3741. or po»t*!. I
1 PAY highest prices for all fclriUs rt c-st-oil
clothing: send postal. MORRIS. S7O Folsom.
T1I-TON wants gooJ »e«.-ond-hand clcthing and i
theatrical goods, lit Sth St.; tet. Jessie 2531. i
3IONEV TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN X1UKPHY.
eOl-CC'-eoS Enmtncr buUdinj.
Quirk Mttletnentf; no disappointment.
Pave txpen^t* ty dealing directly.
Eststes. second mortgages, undivided Inter- '
ects. assignments of rents, property In trust.
etc.: legacies, life estates snd undivided In-
terests in proptrty purchased.
Courteous tteaiment. Strictly confidential.
When Tcu Need Money
free HERMAN MURPHY. .
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
remo'val: to i)erm»r.ent salaried people cn j
th-ir note without s-curity cr knowledge of
tmplojer; l«5we»t rates; no commission. NA-
TIONAL CREDIT CO.. 6S and C9 Docohoe
building. 1170 Market tt.
ETRICTLT CONFIDENTLY LOANS cn fur- '
nlture. plar.0* or to salaried people, on their
note: proper treatment guaranteed. ILLINIO3
TRUST CO.. r. 18. Phelan bid., tel. Main 701
3IONEY loaned to salaried people, retail — !»r-
chant*. learr-ten. boarding-houses. w!:hout
security: ras~ payments; largest business in
44 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY r'spectablo private place to obtain
liberal advances on olamords. jewelry, at
2 per i-?nt interest. Baldwin Jewelry Btor»,
S40 Market: tel. Main ltf+4. Kranch. 1'J Third.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or ptano: no rente-s-
al, no comm:«sion, no publicity :$2S up: quick.
private. cenflcVntlal. 28 Montgomery, rm. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE IC3 Grant a»e .
LOANS FROM $1 TO $:O.00O.
MONEY to loan on low interest; gold, silver.
diamonds, peart* and preclotn stones bought
. at W. J. KESTHALS. 10 Sixth »t.
NEW. easy n;ethud — To wage-earners on unln-
dorsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity
Loan Company, rooms 4S-49. Chronicle bldg.
TO calaried people without security; on furni-
ture; Indorsed note* and other security. S. F.
Discocnt Agency. 143 Phelan building.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianoe; strict
privacy; no commission installments accepted.
BONELLI 201 Eddy. Conservatory building.
OPEN Credit Ass'n. loans on salaries cooflden-
tltliy: new.slniple plan. Roem 60, 819 Market.
2% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mu-
tual Savings Bank bldg.. 70S Market «t.
ALL loans an diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH leaned salaried people on cotes without
¦ Indorser. MORELL. KC9 Examiner bldg.
Mt^SICAIi^ 1NSTKPMEXTS.
HOLIDAY SPECIALS.
$200 Upright. $150.
$250 Upright. $175.
$275 Upright. $200.
*.!Cfl Upright, $250; : . • -
$350 Upright. $500.
$450 Upright. $4C0.
SOUARES.
One Err.erson, $2f-.
One Symphony. $30.
One Hazelton. SiO.
One Arion. ?50.
One Knabe, *70.
One Weber. XSO.
Two SUinwayj". $30 snd $1CO.
One Schmer 4: Co.. $125.
ORGANS.
Standard. ?25.
Pac_arc\ 740.
Three Esteys. f 10. $50. *«>.
One Ma^cn A Humlln. $i5. -,
One Tabor. ?S5.
One pipe orj-an. $15C0.
Fine tuning our specialty.
OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL AFTER XMAS.
See our window display.
i BRYON-MAUZY. 508-S12 Post St.
A FEW SPECIAL UPRIGHT PIANO BAR-
GAINS:
ColUrfl. $35; Emerson. $65; Fllsher. $70;
Miller. $175; Chlckering. $1«7: American.
$IU5: Heine. $223; Haynes. $160: Stelnway.
- $185:. Ste'.nway. Iarse style. $323. and fifty
others. Rents. $2 up; Installments. $4 up. I
HEINE PIANO CO.. 2S5-237 Geary street:
Oakland branch. Fifteenth and Broadway, old
. P. O. bldg.
WE rent the best p!ano In the city for $3 per
month; we allow six months' rental and
cartage ($20) oil purchase price, thus giving
you a six months' trial of the Instrument for
nothing; our terms and prices cannot be
equaled in San Francisco. SCOTT -CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 5C0-M Hayes St.
A FINE lot of tccond-hand uprights from £30 |
up, including luch m-kes as Chick ert?-g. |
Vose. Krocger. (furtaz. Klrkham. Pc<ue,
Hardman. Marshal! A Wendell. Baus asi
others. BENJ. CURTAZ A SON. 1* O'Far-
lell rt. No branches In Saa Fraadseou
LOW prices, easy terms and good roods are
what we * offer: Behr Bros., Baumefeter
" pianos and Simplex Ptano Players are what
you want. Call and select now. THE ZENO
MAUVA1S MUSIC COMPANY, 7«» Market.
A TREMENDOUS sacrifice: unredeemed stor- j
age pianos and furniture selling to pay stor- '
- age; dirt ch«ar»- Whitehead's Storage, 1K56 '¦
Market st. Or>m evenings.
AI—UOST cheaper than firewood: storage planes
and furslture. 1630 Market st. Open even-
incs.
BAND Instruments; F. Bessoa. Paris, maker;
Gus Maiwald. Agt. Pac. Coast. STS OTarrell;
skillful repairing; 2d-hand instruments sold.
FOR SALE — Cabinet organ in good order, $10.
Apply 1010 Mission st. -
ALMOST. new upright; cheap: cash or Install-
tnent. ECHMIT2 * CO.. 18 McAllister st.
A 8TECK um-irht mahogany, nearly new;
must be sold. 218 McAllister st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedaI Stelnway upright piano;
perfect crder: sacrifice. Keeffe's,_H3 OTFarrell.
SOHMER. Byron M»aiy pianos. CedUan ptaao
player- BYRON MAP2T. 30S-313 Poet st.
SUPERIOR violins, ilthers. old and new. H.
. inTLLKR.' maker. '. repairer. 1 Latham p'.Sfe.
ACTTVB ypunsr man - with . city experience in
real estate;. fine opening. Box 28C7, Call.
'¦i HOUSES PURSISHKD— FOR ; SAX.— |
$150 — 7 ROOMS, partly furnished; Post, near 1
i ' La rkin; half cash, balance In payments.
¦ 6 Eddy St.. room SI.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms; furnished complete; piano;
basement; $185; rent $15. 111ft Leavenworth
st.. near Market.-
FOR sale — S-room house; elegantly furnished.
Box 3110. Call office. . .
8-ROOM house;, new. furniture; full; boarders;
near Jefferson Square. Box 2802, Call.
-HOUSES WANTED. ¦
STABLE wanted, with or without house. Ad-
j ..dress box 800; Call office.' , ¦ .
I
j HYPNOTIS?!.
! HYPNOTISM. |
American School of Psychopathy (only school
of Its kind on coast). cures chronic, nervous,
mental diseases by scientific methods; teaches
all occult psychological sciences. Dr. W. A-
"WI1J1. instructor. PROF. E. WM. BROWN.
practitioner. Hollend. 1007 Buah St.. nr. Jones.
j LOFTS TO LET.
'¦ 2 FINE lofts, 4SxlC0; new building: light front
i and rear: electric elevator. NOLAN-HEWES-
I GEORGE CO.. 516 Mission st.
i LOST A>D KOUXD.
1 A LONG gray leather purs?, lsdj's, with ini-
tial L. Liberal reward return to box 8132,
Call o.'flce.
«5 REWARD for return ot Maltese cat: no
questions a«ked. CLAUgSEN _ SCHNEID-
ER. Broadway and Dupont.
I LOST — Tuesday morn., lady 1 * gold watch;
"Edith" enf raved C n case. Finder please re-
turn to 225 Frederic st. asd receive reward. ;
.LOST — Thursday morning, lady's diamond'
horseshoe pin. valued as a keepsake. . Return
2018 Webster st. : receive liberal reward. j
LOST — Salesman's pocket memorandum book
containing list of cuirtomers end sales; rs-
ward. RAPKEN, 2421 Setter st. _ ,
LOST— $25 reward fer return cf 5x* Eastman j
kodak lost on Southern Pacific Stockton local j
.train Sunday afternoon between Sixteenth St.. ;
Oakland, 'and Caklund mole; same contains
flltcs which ar« valuable to the owner. WIL- I
SON-LYON & CO.. 220 Market st.. San Fran- |
cisco. : _. j
LOST— A pass t bocb with the Hlfcernla Sav-
ings and Loan Society oC San Francisco In
the name of MARY E. SPARKS. No. 2C?-
1193. The finder w'.ll please return to bank. ;
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings '¦-
aiiU Loen Society of San Francisco, in -the ;
name of ALICE L. VON TOBEL; No. 275-35i. ,
The finder will please return to bank. j
LOST— UlnU fur muff between Cliff House and j
Bu»h and Hyd* sts. Liberal reward If re- '
turned to 403 Ellis «t. _ j
LOST — Gold locket bet. ferry-Fruitvale: mono- I
gram W. K. H.; liberal reward. HATCH. !
31 Apr raisers' building.
LOST — Thursday morning. lady's diamond
horseshoe pin. valued as a keepsake. Return
"CIS Webster st.; receive liberal reward.
LOST — A liver colored and white setter; an-
. swers to name of Jack. Return 1412 Powell.
FOUND— Bicycle. Inquire 729 Laurel ave.
IT win pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
ffolrl and silver to make new watch cases.
MEDICAL.
' K. r .S. 1)K. WYETH. specialist fcr all female 1
complaints; instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience; removed to 820 Post st. j
MRS. DR. KOHL, r-iiar.le specialist for all ft- j
male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. lOOS'/j Market St., opp. 5th.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulatins pills
sold: price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets; price S5. By express
only on receipt of price. OsSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists, Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland. ¦ •
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble ccnsult this specialist on female
complaints: poeltlvely corrected; the unfortu- I
nate helped; the mo*t difficult cases treated:
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
Dri». Goodwin, 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
in obctetrlcs. female complaints; Iniit. relief;
treatment V.<>; hours, 10 to 5; 25 years exper.
MRS. D.ALLEN. 1115 Market— Reliable ladles*
specialist: a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
i DR. F.OSI-N resides 2395 Folsom st., corner
20th; ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
I DR. NO TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. opposite
I'nlcn square: all diseases cured by herbs.
M1LLI.\_HV.
LADIES — 2C0 styll«h hats to select from; lease
£Cid; must vacate February 1. l!X>t: save
money by calling on .MME. DOSCH. 207 Post.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
FINR store; modern windows; good location
•for any business. 315 OTarrell st., near
Mason.
DESK room in fine officer; c»ntrr_ *ocatlon;
.for rent cheap. W. F. Cummlr>. SiO Montgy.
STORE. 5 room and bath: large yard; $20.
150 Day st., near Church.
BICYCLE store to let. 1306 Railroad ave.,
Alameda. ¦ |
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-band machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-107 Fremont st.
______________
Repair it with claterlte; in rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good ever old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented nnd exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCH'Y CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
MODERN sloop. 24 ft. long, T ft. bsam. 8 in.
draught: Iron centerboard; new sails and
gear; water line 14 ft.; very fast. Box 3135.
Call office.
SLOT machine*; Dewey. Chicagoes, Twentieth
Centuries, etc.: entire stock regardless of
price. Eureka Novelty Co., 15C3 Seventh St.,
Oakland.
A— Fine suits. $7 50; dress pants, $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Pailors, 2X3 Kearny st.,
near Bush; open to 0 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
e;<v WH1TKLAW. 253-255 Spear *t.
i TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cost:
new Underweod visible typewriter' catalog
sent free. K. E. Revalk & Co.. San Francisco.
TRY cur men's khoes at $1 and Jl 50 pair
f cot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d »t.. Exam, bid.: catalog, free.
ALTERATION sale — Beit $2 80 hats, $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny at., near
Pine; open to ft p. m. : Sundays to noon.
ROSEWOOD Chtckorlng square piano; elegant-
ly carved case;- $1QO cash; bargain. Loc!;
box 33. Alameda. . ¦ ¦
! BP.ING tcp • only of oil stove and have new
chimney put on, from 25c up; try our hign
chimneys; intense heat. Weaver's, 308 Gough.
PRINTERS — 10x15 press with fountain and
side fixtures; good ord*r; $75; other presses
and material cheap. HOAU, 513 Market st.
DISPOSING of Wltte gas engines; 2 H. P., 20
H. P.: attractive prices.. The Traey Engi-
neering Co.. 151 Fremont St.. S. F.
A FEW genuine diamonds, cheap, . bj private
• party; largest «4 -karat rings, earrtuds, sun-
burst, stud. The' Mayflower. 308 Third, r. 5.
FOR sale — 2 fine model yachts for the new
lake: fine Christmas present for any one. Ap-
ply to 2506 Sacramento st.
SOME good second-hana gasoline engines from
1 to 12 H. P. cheap. _E. B. BECK A CO.,
122 Market st. ¦ . . .......
AXMINSTER carpet for sale: front and back
parlor; In use 3 menths. 4CS Eureka st.
FOR sale — A double bed lounge. 3S2 Katoma
St.. corner of Fifth, upstair-, .
FOR sale — Columbia gramophone and 40 discs;
cheap. 1071 .Thirteenth ave.. East , Oakland.
FOR sale— One ; Parisian card press for print-
. ing business : cards. . 215 Minna ; st. .
CHICKENS for sale in lots to suit. Address
box $76. Call office, Oakland, Cal.
ELEGANT sealskin coat for sale; bust SS. Call
915 Polk St.. 8. F. :.'..-
COMMERCIAL graphophone; perfect condition;
;half prise. H. B.. 27C Turk it . . ,
WATER spaniel pup. 9, months old, cheap.
CallSunday. 830 Iowa st. ...
10,000 KODAK mounts cheap; all sixes. Call
evenings, 121 Sixth st. ,
BINOCULAR field-glass, $10; cost $35. Box
3104. Call office. - . - .¦¦...? ¦¦':'.¦; z ,
FOR sale— One oool table, price $15; 2 0*g
poles. 182S Fifteenth gt.
INFANT'S crib with mattress; also foldlnr go-
cart: all $3. Castro st.
FOR | sale — Fine violin. Apply at 17 Fourth
st., room «.'. -.,,-..THE SAN FRANGISCO GALL, .SUNDAY, DECEMBER G, 1903.
44
encnen ggnvicr.s.
riRST Pretbyterlan Church. Van Ness ave.
and Sacramento st. Rev. William Kirk
Guthrie. pastor— Morning service. 11 o clock,
sermon by Ilev. J. Wilbur Chapman. D.D..
of New York. Evening service. 7-...0 o dock.
sermon by the pastor, subject "The Future
l_fe." Babylonian and Assyrian beliefs.
Babbath-whool. 12:30 p. m.; Christian En-
deavor Societies. 3:15 p. m . and O:15 p. m.;
Wednesday t> p. m.. preparatory service;
Friday 6 p. m.. men's club — election of offl-
ceri, and a discussion on the attitude of the
United States toward the republic of Panama.
All are cordially Invited.
CALVARY Presbytertan Church, corner Jack-
i<on end Flllmore at*. — Rev. John Hemphlll,
D. D.. pastor. Morning service at 11 o" clock.
The pastor will preach. Evening service at
7:30 o'clock. Dr. J. Wilbur Chapman, repre-
sentative ot the General Assembly's evange-
listic committee, will preach. Come early
and secure a seat. Sabbath school at !>:.>0
a. m . orchestral music: Christian Endeavor
meeting at «i:3l> p. xn. Prayer meeting Wed-
n*»day evening nt » o'clock. Sacrament cf
the Lord's supper will be administered at the
close of the morning service. ______
WESTMINSTER Presbyterian Church, cor.
Webeter and Pace ets. ; Hayes. Flllmore and
HaiKht st. cars handy. Sermon at 11 a. m.
by Ilev. J. T. Wills. D.D.; topic "The Ele;
ments of Power in the Teacnings of Christ.
tunday-school at 9:30 a. m. Christian En-
deavor at 6:30 p. m. Prayer meeting every
Weduesday evening. No evening service tnis
day.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner of Post
and M»m:i sts. — Rev. George C. Aaams,
P.D.. p*.«tor. will preach at both services.
At 11 a m.. topic. "How Holy Men Ot Old
Wrote." At 7:45 p. m.. topic, "Following and
Fiphing." All are cordially Invited.
THIRD Congrecational Church. Fifteenth st..
near Mission— Rev. William Rader. pastor;
11 a m.. "Mending Nets"; 7.3u p. m..
"Isaiah, the l»rophet. Statesman. Reformer
and I'oet"
PLYMOUTH Conjrrepatlonal Church. Post St..
near Webster— Rev. I. C. Meserve, D. D..
tt»tor. Morning worship acd holy commun-
Sen. with reception of membere. at 11. Even-
ing woreh!l> at 7:45. Tbe pattor'b morning
theme will b*: "Hear Ye One Another's)
Burd-r.s and So Fulfill the Uw ot Christ."
In th<» evening he will epea.k on "Caste and
Clays " this being the sixth in the series of
Sunday evening talUs en civic and social
righteousness.
UNITARIAN Church (First). S.W. cor. Geary
and Franklin sts.— Her. Bradford Leavitt.
rnlnifter. C. A. ilurdock and Rev. Christo-
rher Hues*, supts. of Sunday school. Junior
cliurch and Sunday school at 10 a. m. bun-
day service at 11 a. m. Parents may leave
children in kindergarten room during f=er-
vice. Mr. Leavitt will preach: subject. "The
Lord's fiupper." Mufic under direction of
H. Bretherick. organitt All are cordially
invlud. ;
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Twen-
tieth and Capp us. (Take Mission or Valen-
cia st car) — Rev. Jay Willlaui Hudson,
minister ¦ residence. 50<t Capp st. The Sun-
day-school meets at B :«S o'clock. Mr. W. C.
Maxwell, tupt rlntencient. At th» morning
•service at 11 o'clock. Rev. Jay William
lluilsun will preach, subject. "Why Do We
Need a Church?" Music by orchestra and
choir, under the direction of Mr. Jabtsh
Clement. All the eeats are free. No even-
Ins eervice.
EIMPPON Memorial M. E. Church, corner
Hayes and IJuchancn ete. — Rev. John Steph-
ens" the paster, will preach at 11 a. m. and
7:30 p. m. The monthly muilAai service
will be held in the evening, when an excel-
lent programme of the best muiic will be
rendered by a large chorus. I. E. Blake
director Sunday-school at 12:30 p. m.. C.
B. PerUins superintendent. Epworth League
at 6:30 p. m.. Dr. R. O. Moody president.
CENTRAL M. E. Church. Mission St.. bet
Sixth and Seventh — Preaching both morning
and evening by the pastor. Rev. George W.
¦White. Sunday-school. 12:45, Holla V. Watt,
superintendent. Your.g People's meetings,
6:15. Everybody welcome.
PIItfT DaptUt Church, Eddy et.. near Jones —
Preachins at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.. by
Rev Myron W. Haynes. D.D.. cf Chicago.
The'Lord's supper will be celebrated at close
of morning service. Bible echoc!. 12:30 p. m.
Christian Endeavor sen-ice, <>:30 p. m. Mid-
week prayer service Wednesday. 7:45 p. m.,
conducted by Dr. Haynes. All teats free.
FJK5T Church of Christ Scientist Central
block. 223 gutter et.. bet. Kearny and Grant
ave. — ChriFtian Science service at 11 a. m.; j
subject cJ lesson-ger— ion. "God the Preserver J
cf Man." Sunday school for children at the
same hour< Wednesday evening meeting at 8
o'clock; free reading room. 206 Kearcy St..
rooms 503-510; all are welcome.
THE People" ¦ Church holds services -very
Sunday evening in Elks' Hall. 223 Sutter
Ft., at 8 p. m. Every one welcome. Pastor,
Mrs. Anna L. Gillcsple^
REV. BENJAMIN WHEELER WARD, the
noted evangelist and Bible teacher from
Boston, ¦will preach in Bethel Hall. O.TO How-
•ird et., bet. Fifth and Sixth, this evening at
7:45 o'clock and every evening during- the
¦week except Saturday. The public are
earnestly invited. Don't fall to hear Mr.
Ward, who is a particular friend of Mr.
Henry Varley. the London evangelist
A GREAT union mass meeting for rcen only
will be held to-day at 3 o'clock at the Young
Hen's ChriFtian Association Auditorium. Ma-
son and Ellis ets. Rev. George B. Smythe
of China will sneak. A select Quartet of
Chinese young men from the University of
California will sing.
THE Theoeophleal Boclety— Col. H. S. Olcott
president-founder. Headquarters. Academy
of Sciences bldg., 819 Market st: public lec-
ture at S p. m.. In Main Hall, ground floor,
by Dr. Jerome A. Anderson: subject "For-
give C» Our Sins." Lotus Group, 11:30 a.
m. Study class. Thursday. 2:30 p. xn. Room
£0. third floor. Note removal.
•THEOSOPHICAL Doctrine." free public lect-
ure, by Miss M. A. Walsh, to-night, 8
o'clock. Flood building. S09 Market st. Li-
brary aad reading-room, same building, open
<!ally. 2 to 4 p. m.
BI-'DDHIST Mission. 807 Polk et— Ellis and
Larkin cars near by; 11 a. m., cervlce and
sermon. Ilev. K. Horl will speak on "What
Is Nirvana?"
EVANGELIST McCLURE from Belfast will
preach at Gorpel Hall. Sixteenth ft., near
Valencia, on Sunday at 7:45 p. m. Every-
body heartily welrome: no collection.
~MEETIXGS — SUNDAY.
MRS. DR. E. SANDERS. 418 Pest st
Tbe World's Greatest Medium.
DO
WE
MEET
AGAIN? ••*-;
Free Circle To-night
Everybody gets a test; sitting dally. Teaches
mental suggestion and develops mediums.
W. J. COLVILLE lectures in Flood building,
S(i» Market st.. 3 p. m. ; in Lorlng Hall.
11th and Clay sts.. Oakland. 7:30 p. m.
Subject. "The Great Psychological Virtue."
Class Instruction in same hall. San Fran-
cisco, Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday, 3 and
8 t). m.
JCATIE HEUSSMANX'B last circle to-night
free: 003 Market St.; circle Friday eve.. 25c.
ll>00 Harri«on t-t. : fittings daily; tel. Mint 997.
MRP. STARR, life readings dally; mat. stance
every Sun. 8 p.m.: inspirational music devel-
oped through epirtt power. 3C5 Larkin. r. 17. |
AT MASTER ADEPT'S. 1239 Market; test clr-
c> Sun.. Taes., Tburs., Frl. evenings; read-
ings daily.
Mi~. Stoddard's seances piv» reliable and -con-
vincing tests to each 10c; Bun., Toes. 27S 9th. ;
Friendship Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
lleyer; tests every evg. 10c; readings dally.
MRS. EKERHARDT'S returned meeting to-
nlght. 8 o'clock. 2230 Twenty-second; 10c.
\V. G. KEEOAN holds lest seances every night
except Sat. 10c; sit. 10 to 6. 148 Sixth st
TK.STS, front hall. «09 Market 2-8; Mrs. Plt-
ron*. Dr. Cowan. Mr. Wilson; 10c.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance to-night
at 8 o'clock; $1. 1084 Bush st
SUAnA^LECTCRES.
evening. Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle. 909
Market *t. Subject, "The Kidneys and Their
Functions," followed by views of a visit to
Germany; free tickets will be distributed for
X-ray exhibition at Sanitarium. Tuesday
« vg. Remember question box. Special music
O. V. ORLOW lectures this (Sunday) evenlnc
In GcHen Gate fupper) Hall. 623 Sutter et.
At 8 o'clock. The subject to be presented,
"Radium and Life."
Oood music and vocal eolos. Admission Is free.
TYNDALL en "Proofs of Immortality." Steln-
— ay Hall. 223 Sutter st. to-night; marvelous
manltot&Uons of {cychologlcal phenomena
Jollowlm?. including thourht transference,
clairvoyance and telapathy.
••JNGERSOLL on KEX." by Moses Harman,
ChieaKO, and Philip G. Peabody. Boston.
Odd Fellows' bids.. 8 p. xn. Seats aad dis-
cussions free.
LNGERSOLL on Sex, by Moses Harman, editor
Chicago Lirhtbearer, Odd Fellows' bldg..
Memorial Hall, 8 p. m.; seats free.
DR. PAYNE will break a 300-pound rock on
hypnotized subject at Golden Gat* (main)
Hall. 625 Batter St.; 10c and 25c
r. STITT WILSON at Alhambra Theater,
Sunday evening. Dec. 20. 1903; free.
••NOW" lecture, Henry Harrison Brown. "Tbe
Sunny Side of Life," Odd Fellows' bldg., 8
p. m. sharp; bring a friend.
PROGRESSIVE Spiritualists. Odd Fellows'
bid*.. Seventh and Market sts. MRS. It. S.
LILLI_, epeal_=.
BUSINESS CHANCES— -Continued.
A— HARDWARE STORE
For sale; a high-class business; long .estab-
lished and centrally located; owner desires
to retire: will Invoice about $5000.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 027 Market Bt
A— COMMISSION BUSINESS.
For sale^ — Butter, eggs and general produce;
receipts average about $5000 monthly; long
established; price $2000.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market St. •
STRANGERS, ATTENTION! .; '" v .
Are you looking for a safe and profitable busl-
• ness opening In San Francisco? If so, we can
offer you any number requiring an investment
from $1<X> to $50,000; every business oppor-
tunity tliat parses through our offlce must
stand the closest investigation, and we can
place you In a store, factory, hotel, mill, of-
fice, or, In fact, any business you may prefer;
kindly call and Investigate.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit 321, Emma Epreckels building.
A— MERCHANTS. ATTENTION.
Do you wish to enlarge your business, or do
you desire additional capital? If ro. we can
furnish you with an active or silent partner
•who will Invest from $100 to $50,000; we
have a large number of desirable applicants
on our books seeking good business openings.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit 321. Emma Bpreckels building.
A — GENERAL MERCHANDISE , ]
STORE FOR SALE; a nice, clean stock In
the best town In California; Involcs about
$4000; low rent: long lease.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market St.
A— FURNITURE BUSINESS.
A business man with from $2000 to $5000 can
secure partnership In established business in
this city and take charge of store.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market St.
A RARE OPPORTUNITY.
A— $230 cash and services secure Interest In
established offlce business paying $25 weekly;
experience not necessary ; simple accounts.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market st.
$30,000— MONTHLY PROFIT. $1200.
For sale, leasehold furniture and good will
of the most profitable apartment-house In the
city. VON RHEIN R. E. CO., 513 Callfor-
nla st. ¦ ¦ .- - ¦ . - ¦ ¦
LARGE list of furnished and unfurnished
houees and rooms.' rooming-houses and busi-
ness chances; all prices. MONTGOMERY A
TILLEY. 105 Montgomery ave.. Oakland.
WANTED — Active, steady young man with
$350; well-established business that will pay,
him $30 week and over; rare chance. - Call'
see MURRAY. 972 Broadway. Oakland. '
$300— FRUIT store horse and wagon ; rent $25.
$350— Bakery and, notion store; rent $20.
$500— Fruit and grocery store; 2 living rooms.
. Golden Gate Real Eatate Co.. 3 Taylor st ,
FOR sale — Delicatessen store; fine lunch room:
near Market st ; cheap rent; 7 furnished
rooms; everything complete. A. STENBERG
CO.. 783% < Market st. '
CHATTEL mortgage for sale; .-7000: Interest 0
per cent; discount $500. Box 2885. Cali.
GROCERY and bar for sale. Western Addition!
Address I. W. B.. box 3111. Call offlce.
GROCERY and bar for sale; '.price $1500. 124
Davis st.,*a%|HaEBBg5jg3Br£
A GOOD saloon cheap. Inquire 668 Mission
; street. ¦ , ¦
WANTED — To buy small laundry route; state
particulars. Box 3117. Call. ¦ '
PLUMBING business doing a jobbing trade of
$6000 yearly; well 'located. Box 8743. ; Call.
ADVERTISER wishes ¦ to invest $10,000, with
cervices.' In. sound,' paying business; nothing
- speculative or experimental: particulars nec-
essary to Insure attention. Box 2091, Call.
CHANCES — Continued.
LET YOUR MONEY WORK FOR YOU.
$100.00 ,
Invested with us
has earned
$70.00
in 13 weeks.
Average profit over 6 per cent per week.
- Indorsed by hundreds of satisfied Investors.
Amounts of $25 and upward received.
Profits sent Tuesday of each week.
Accounts subject to withdrawal on demand.
Send for our free booklet. Address
THE AMERICAN ASSURANCE ASS'N., .
(Incorporated.)
121 Geary st. San Francisco.
AN exploration expedition is now being or-
ganized for certain parts of South America.
We shall visit virgin gold fields as rich as
Any known to the world. Vast concessions
. of land, rich In gold, silver, copper, rubber
forests and a great variety of valuable hard
woods will be obtained. We are familiar
with the people, habits, customs,- govern-
ments and climate. Unhealthiness Is a
myth. Parties with some money can get
the best opportunity of their life for big
money-making by joining us. For particulars
address box 3l39. Call.
WANTED — Blacksmith with $1000 to start a
shop In good location, Sacramento County.
QUIGGLE. 723 Market, care Whltaker &
Ray Co., 0 to 10 a. m.. 4 to 5 p. m., or ad-
dress box 15. Gait, Cal. „/
WANTED — Man to purchase a first-class tin-
ning and dumbing business in good town;
Sacramento County; must have $1000. QUIG-
GLE. 723 Market St., care Whltaker & Ray
Co.; 9 to 10 a. m., 4 to 6 p. m.
WILL sell 1500 to BOOO shares to enlarge an
unusually fine paying established hardware
electrical and mechanlaal repair concern-
employment If desired; see for yourself'
Box 3145. Call.
BICYCLE and locksmith shop; old-established
trade; averaging $25 weekly; fine location*
stock and tools invoice $475; sell for $375-
must go East Immediately. Box 868. Call
offlce, Oakland.
WANTED — Buyers for .the "Veil of Isfe •• a
-curious pamphlet. . Sent on receipt of 10c
sliver or stamps. Hermetic Book Concern
509 Van Ness ave., 8an Francisco. v
$15 WEEKLY— Young man with $250 wanted
. as partner: genteel business: must drive horse
and buggy. MARIN CO.. 235 Kearny et.
WANTED — An active partner In an estab-
I Ished coffee, tea and spice business; capital
required. \ $1000 to $2000. Full particulars,
box 3711,', Call offlce.
MY business pays $400 a month; want huatllnir
• partner with $300; will guarantee $23 a week
above expenses to right party. Address box
3728. Call offlce.
$1500 — OLD established bakery doing a' bust-
ness -of $30 a day; price includes ¦ bakery
horses and wagon, all In good condition. Box
3120. Call offlce. None but principals. ,
BUTCHER shop; Al location; sub-leases pay
ground rent; teams and fixtures complete.
SMITHSON. room 307. 503 California st
MAN wanted with small capital to go Into a
- . commission business. Apply ALDEN CO .
• 1118 . Broadway, Oakland. , -
HAVE you anything to sell or money to In— st?
Write us for particulars: agents everywhere.
Altadena Investment Syndicate, 708 Market
i > st.;' San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED — Partner. Intelligent man. $13,000
; • capital,- '. for .wholesale manufacturing ,r busi-
ness: (rood profits; old established. Box 2831,
.Call office. ¦ "
IN THESE COLUMNS YOU CAN SELL YOUR WARES AND GAIN YOUR WANTS.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Contlnnea.
K G \v7lKe7~~R«- Estate and Business
Agent (established 14 years). 26% Kearny
st, rooms 9 and 10.
A $1600 COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
the water front, cloue to Market st. ; dally
receipts about $65; business clearing $300 per
month- trial given; a splendid offer: investi-
gate st once. See R. G. WIUCE. 26 £
Kearny St. _______
A— $3000; HOTEL and barroom with 30 rooms,
li Point Richmond; rent $100; rooms always
occupied by employes of railroad and Stand-
ard Oil Company; board bill ¦ iruaranteed by
company; owner never clears less than $300
per month. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st. —
A— $900; SALOON on water front, with 8 fur-
r.Uhf-d rooms; 3 Iron bedsteads In each room;
2% years' lease; rent $35; rooms alone par
J70 per month and saloon doing a good busl-
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny Bt
A— $350; EMPLOYMENT offlce. doing a good
business; must be sold at once on account
of sickness In owner's family. Call R. O.
WILKE. 2fi% Kearny at.
A— $1800; HALF interest In one of the best
corner saloons on water front; lease; dis-
agreement of partners cause of sale; v.'U
cell whole for J34OO. Call K. G. WILKE.
26% Kearny Bt '¦
A — $1230; CORNER saloon on Fourth st, close
to S. P. freight Eheds; 8 furnished rooms
and kitchen ; a good < paying business. See
P.. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny st .
A — $800; DAIRY produce and delicatessen
store; rent $22; business clears above $100
per month: living rooms; value In sight
Call R. Q. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st ¦ ¦
A— J2000; SAI^OON on Kearny st. about 2
blocks from Chronicle building; place estab-
lished years and doing a good business; or
one partner will sell his Interest for $1000;
disagreement cause of sale. See R. O.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st
A — $1200; COFFEE saloon and bakery; doss to
Phelan building; a good paying business,
but must be sacrificed on account of owner
being sick In hosnltal. Particulars R. O.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st
A— $."250; LEADING saloon on Market and
Mason sts.; net rent $150; lease with prlv-
1 liege of B years more; value in sight. Call
R. Gj^YlfKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — 16RO: CIGAR stand on Montgomery at.: a
' $700 cigar stand on Ellis st. ; stock at In-
voice; a $200 cigar stand on Third st; stock
at Invoice; a $400 cigar stand on Eddy st,
stock at Invoice, Call R. G. WILKE, 20%
Kearny st.
A — $1230; COFFEE saloon on Geary st. ; rent
$45. R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A WHOLESALE and retail ' butcher ¦ business
In Monterey County, with 6 acres of land,
dwelling : house, daughter house, shop fix-
tures, boiler,, tanks, etc. ; 8 horses, wagons
and a well AtablUhed trade; this is a flrst-
class business proposition. ' All particulars,
R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A $3500 corner saloon, about - 1 block south
of Chronicle bldg.; established years and\ a
first-class paying place; fullest investigation
solicited : this Is a very rare chance. Call
• R. Q. WILKE. 2C% Kearny st
I HAVE cash customers for saloon,' central lo-
cation, $4000 to $5000.
Grocery with clean stock, $1500.
Lodging-house. 12 to 15 rooms.
Livery stable, situated for boarders. Ap-
ply to A. H. ANDERSON, auctioneer, room
' -26, second floor. Phelan building.' T -;:¦.'¦ -i
MONEY In squabs; big profits, small expense;
beats poultry; easy. for women . and Invalids;
circular free;' our. squab manual' explains
everything; free ' to purchasers or 25c , post-
paid. Philadelphia Squab Co.. 2030 East
York st, Philadelphia, Pa. ¦¦>;
$1750— BUTCHER business; clears over $8 per
day; no agents. .Box 3123,' Call. office.*. .;
MEETINGS — TIIEOSOPHICAIi. |
Seer Eryptlan. Hlndco occult: reads dally; dr-
cles Wed..Fri..gun.. 8 p.m.; 10c. 54OElllsst.
MEETING NOTICES. j
OFFICERS and members gti. fl '
of Redwood Camp No. 91 _ r> .„ . W |
W. O. \V.. are respectful- #<54-i_£rI*/ %tf\
ly requested to attend the fc3i^'*ffirjfflaSfr' * ,
funeral of our late neigh- «i^~~""""^~^
N°ELL. SV «t **« Z _i i
fromhls late residence. 28 Klssllng st. In-
terment Holy Cross CemeU*^
J. N. BARCEL. Clerk |
AGENTS WANTED.
$50 WEEKLY and expenses; sample free;
greatest money-making Invention of the age.
Automatic Washer: does a washing In •
minutes without labor or attention: cheaper ,
than any ether; Indestructible; everybody
buys; u*ents coining money; thousands or
testimonials. Automatic Washer Co.. eta-
tlon U. Chicago.
WOTTED — Agents to sell splendid article to
housekeepers; all want It; one agent made
$100 In ten days in October; only reliable, !
Industrious agents need apply; new article;
ready seller: bis commissions. Address Jubi-
lee Iron Co., Omaha, Nebr.. 1503.
IF you are Interested In the mall order busi-
ness send us a dime to help pay pestage and
¦we will send you 100 sample copies of vari-
ous mail order magazines and newspapers.
Pacific Adv. Co.. 120 SuUer St.. San Fran-
cUco. Cal.
BKGIN buslncEE for yourself: stop working for
others- we start you In profitable mall order
busine&s at hoir.c; pleasant work; Immense
prcfltF; unlimited possibilities; full Informa-
tion fcr stamp. Franklin-Howard Co., Den-
ver .Colo.
WE give credit — Agents, $15 salary or liberal
commission: natural diamonds make money
last and eaty; drop everything: write for lib-
eral offer. Address Natural Diamond Co.,
Syracuse. N. Y.
AGENTS notice— A Job-lot of Xmas books, 15c
each; cell for $1. f^end 25c for sample copy.
Room 312. 70S Market St.. S. F.. Cal.
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that is
a decided Improvement on buildins and loan
is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company. Parrott building.
RINGS— Ladies' solid gold 14k. set with gen-
uine Ik garnet or ruby or diamond doublet,
$3 W>. A. D. ' & C. CO.. 21 Liebes build-
Ing 130 Post st.. S. F.
AGENT in «very county who will accept $200
for 5 weeks 1 work seilinc dry extinguishers.
Fyricide Mfg. Co.. .44 Murray St.. N. x.
AGENTS make ?."U per week selling Allen
Fountain Brush; write for outfit and terms.
Allen Mfg. Co.. Toledo. Ohio.
WE pay $32 weekly and expenses to men to
Sfll poultry compound. Imperial Mfg. Co.,
D 54, Parsons. Kans. *
LADY agents can make good salary working j
fcr us; new. S. B. Mdse. Co., 1S04 Michigan
ave., Chlcaro. - j
WANTKD — Agent to fpII Investment bonds. !
lu-.x Mil'-. Call offlce, Oakland. i
~ ATTOKX If: \\ iS- AT-LAAV .
w7~H. BITTNER.
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Phone South 743. j
Suite 222. Emma Spreckels building.
Divorces quietly and legally obtained for ;
eight causes: damages recured for Injuries to j
person or estate: replevins for prcperty un- 1
lawfully detained; attachments and garnish- '
ments for debts; bonds furnished; bankruptcy j
proceedings; wills probated; estates »ettled; ;
collections made In all parts of tbe U. S. j
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a Mnall fee. I
See me and save money: no pay in advance. I
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW. |
Established 22 jrn.; rms. 1. 2. 3. 4 & 5, 1st fl. j
1122 Market st., between Mason and Taylor, j
Advice free, all matters. Detectives employed, j
AA— THE Legal Advisory, inc.; relltb'.e attor-
neys; practice in all courts; attachments, di-
vorce estate?, bankruptcy, pruliate. 611. J
511A. 511B Cros*!ev bldg.. NE. cor. New .
Montgomery and Mission ets.; tel. John 292U. {
R. W. KIXG. Attornry-at-Law. Exam bldg.
Cth floor, entrance room Oil; established 20
years: all cases; general court and offlce :
practice; no fee In advance or for consuita- '¦
tlon; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3001. j
ADVICE free — I will advance cost in merltorl- 1
ous cases, divorces, r. rebate and all other law !
cases: no fees in advance; open every even- j
Ins. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market Ft., r. 31. j
ADVICE FREE. i
Columbian Law and Collection Agency, j
Room 85, 016 Market pt.; tel. John 022^^ j
DIVORCE costs 812; quick and quIetT open ;
evenings. Examiner building, room 315.
DIVORCE costs $12: open evenings: tenants :
e<ect«d. $5. 916 Market. r.C2;phone Black C51. i
DIVORCE — Costs. $12; quick, quiet; advice \
free; open evenings. 027 Market «t., r. 301. j
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bhlp.. 927 Mar- ;
ket et.; consultation fres; no fees In advance. '
1 1
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all I
law business. W. W. Davidson, 027 Market, i
A WEEK'S news for 3 cents — The Weekly Call, j
16 pages. In wrapper, for rea'llng. SI n»r year, j
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC. ~ |
WARBLING canaries, talking parrots; all '
kinds of 6ong and fancy birds; goldficn, seed
cages, etc. Give us a trial; we will please j
you. 1546 Market st. j
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
INDIAN motor bicycle. $100; Calif, tandem;
both good condition. Holle. 20th and Foleom.
GENTS' low frame, coaster brake, almost new,
$17 60. 2200 Pine st.
DOARDIXG FOR CHILDREN.
GOOD refined borne for child; lovely room for
parent if desired: references. Address box
3107. Call office.
A GOOD home for 1 or 2 children; terms rea-
sonable. Address box 2SC0. Call offlce.
LITTLE girl to board; good home; references.
2214 Larkin ft.
NURSE wishes children to board: private fam-
lly; best of references Dox 2842. Call offlce.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 0-10: tel. 5580.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A REGULAR INCOME GUARANTEED.
Five to seven per cent weekly on accounts of
$25.00 and upward has been paid by us every
Tuesday of 1003. We are but In the infancy
of our career, and yet we lead the country in
our line of business. Positively no mining, oil,
stock or betting system, but a plain, straight
business proposition commendable fcr any man
or woman possessing a small amount of Idle
capital. Principal returned on demand. Hun-
dreds of professional and business men through-
out the country have invested with us. Why
not you? Unquestionable banking and sub-
scribers' references, together with our hand-
some free booklet furnished upon request.
JOHN R. PEARSON & CO., 223 Dearborn st..
Chicago, III. j .
EUREKA! HERE'S THE PLAN
ALL INVESTORS NE_D.
THE "LEDGER" SYSTEM.
Positively rlskless business proposition; con-
sistent winner all the year round; affording
absolute security to all concerned; Illuminated
book of charts, fully explaining every particu-
lar, free on request. JAMES F. FARRELL,
Temple Court, New" York City.
FOR sale — Owner offers the complete furniture
nearly new, 60 bedrooms, 2 dining-rooms,
kitchen and barrooms, with bar license,
Mock and 0-year lease, of the best paying
hotel In tbe city, considering the amount in-
vested; respectable and well located; parties
having less than $25,000 need not apply; over
$1000 per month profit guaranteed to any one
who understands the business. Address 215
MASON OPERA-HOUSE. Los Angeles, Cal.
INCORPORATE your business under the new
Congressional corporation act, approved by
Pres. Roosevelt; broadest, cheapest and best
corporation law In the world; beware of ad-
vertisements of Irresponsible promoters; full
booklet. Information and refs. furn. free on
application. Add. National Corporation Co.
(Inc.). Starr King bldg.. San Francisco, Cal.
ADD to your Income — We offer men In many
towns positions as local manager; a* busi-
ness of your own; requires little time; $50 to
$500 monthly, all on small investment; we
start you for $15 and up, according to num-
ber of machines; be your own boss. The
National Automatic Cigar Vender Company,
suite 111. CO Dearborn st. Chicago.
A LEGITIMATE mercantile business: estab-
lished for many years; Is desirous of Interest-
Ing capital to the extent of from $5000 to
$20,000: will bear the closest Investigation.
This is no wildcat scheme or 100 r>er cent
proposition; no agents; only principal will
be dealt with. Box 3740.' Call.
WANTED— Partner, or will sell a flrst-class
bakery and restaurant In large country town
- Box 3737.' Call offlce.
A PARTNER In. hair dressing and manicuring- '
young girl with parents In city and refer- •
ences. 750 Ellis st j
SPIRITUALISM.
SEE page 4S for prophecy by ISMAR. _» won-
derful gypsy.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychto for slats-
writing and clalr voysnee: stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy it., nr. Octavla; phona Scott 887.
Ethel Crindle materializing seanc— s Sunday,
Wed. and Friday evgs.. 30c. 323 Ellia »t-
MME. MARSEAU. card reader; ladles, 25 cents;
gents. 50 cents; hours, 1 to 0. 545 Minna st.
MRS. L. HODGSON US Sixth St.. circles Wed..
Thurs.. Frl. and Sat. Readings dally. 10 to 5
MRS. A. R. SMITH of Portland. 706 Polk St..
. room 26. The Gladstone, corner Eddy it.
EDWARD EARLE 1002 Ellla, readings dally.
«:3O to 4: seancea Sunday and Thursday.
CLAUtVOYA.VrS.
A— PAUL DESTINE^
The First Registered Trsnce Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Franclsoo.
Read Carefully. An Honest Proposition.
No Charge. " No Charse
Unless you obtain the information for which
you consult me.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I promts* to
tell you If husband, wife or sweetheart U trua
or fa!»e; tell who and when you will marry: in
fact. I will tell every hope, fear or ambition
better than you can tell yourself; I reunite the
separated, restore lost aSectlons. cause speedy
and happy marriage, give you good luck, re-
store lost energy ; 10 a. m. to S p. m. : Sun. 2-0.
! 323 Q'Farre!! st. : low fee this week — $1. $1. $1.
1 MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
! Clairvoyant and buiineis medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
cccur in the future; if you are in trouble,
discontented or not satisfied In life, or hav«
domestic, love or business troubles, consult
this great medium and you will be told how
to overcome them; valuable advice In —11 af-
fairs of life; 25c up: satisfaction guaran-
teed: readings by mall. Tel. Black 4569.
REAR ADMIRAL GREER. U. S. N..
Says: "Mme. Llvorno demonstrated ray
character and career in a wonderful man-
ner."
L-I-V-O-R-N-O.
THE WORLD RENOWNED PALMIST
AND CRYSTAL GAZER.
34 KEARNY ST.
Over Hammersmith & Field's. Tel Clack 2433.
f3TSee portrait of Mme. Llvorno ar.d original
testimonials at entrance. Three qutitlens by
mail. $1. Send month and year of birth.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gyesy. clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently lockted at 1104 Market
•t.. cor. Turk: private readings dally. 10 a.
m. to 5 p. ra. : readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered. $1;
full life. $3: send lock of hair, date and year
of birth: don't send currency. Send postofflc*.
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
' MRS. A. H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading. 10c. for
a short time only; when ethers fall try me. to
convince yourself. 721 Franklin, nr. O. Q. av.
COME AND HAVE YOUR LIFE READ
BY MRS. DR. E. SANDERS,
And Learn Mental Telegraphy.
418 Post St.: hours 10 to 8.
SEE page 4S for prophecy by ISMAR, the won-
derful gypsy.
MME. CARROL, card and planet reader and
spiritualist; development circles Tuesdays and
Fridays; trumpet circle Sunday evenings at
8 p. m. 012 McAllister st.
MME. VEINA. wonderful trance medium and
card reader; Just returned from long ab-
sence. 400 Geary, near Mason, room 1.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th St.. near Market.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c. gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st."
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c.
gents 50c. 051 Mission St.. nr. 6th; open Sun.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
2GH Kearny, room 20; ladles 22c, gents COc.
MISS ZZMDAR. young gifted clalr. and palm.;
names; L.50c;G. $1. 714 Franklin. nr.G.G.ave.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; »lt-
ttnfrs daily. 44SV» Je*sl» st.. b»t. 5th and 8th.
CARPET BBATIXG_AXD CLEAMX;.
AIR compressed, dry. ice cold, is now univer-
sally used in sanitary cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or injury; prtcea mod-
erate. Apply 8. F. COMPRESSED All*.
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your wor>
send for SPAULDINO'S Pioneer Carpet-beat..
Ing Works. 333-337 Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
TRY Hopke Bros.; carpet beating: mattresses
made over. 1432 Howard; tel. South 216.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S09 Har-
lison St.: Al cleaning; 3c: tel. Mission 223.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero St.. teL Mission 43.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 4O2 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM A CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beatlns; works; prl~»»
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; teL Mission 263.
CONKLrN*S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
!B3 Golden Oate ave.: telephone East 126.
CU— _ 3 miyi'UJt— 1.
WHO DOES IT? HUNTER. 1206 Market St.
Send for circular. Why will you suffer?
SAN FRANCISCO. March 1. 1903.
Mr. A. Hunter-
Dear Sir: The ruptur* holder I bought from
you cured my rupture In ninety days. When
cured I discarded the holder, having no more
use for it. I feel like a new man sine* X
' was cured. Yours truly.
E. A. KENNEDY. Lick Itonn..
DENTISTS.
DR. ORUSS. 604-3-S Callaffhan bids;.. Markst
and McAllister sta.. uses tha Basford Obtuau
der. the only device aver Invented for grind-
ing* drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at offlce.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Markst. BT.Ele— nt_
—No charge for extracting when plates ar»
made; old plates made over like new: testtl
from $8 per set; extracting BOc; fas gJTsa.
A N— SW plate — Tha Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown. $3 BO; fi'.Tlns*. 50c;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and war.
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 2* atxth st.
A. ARTHUR CHISHOLM, surgeon dentist,
room 14. Phclan building. San Francisco.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 233 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Bet teeth $1 B0 up; crowns $2 up; Pilings 23a.
GOLD fillings. 73c; silver. 33c; crow m, $2; no
pain: open Bnnday. Dr. O.B. Hewitt. 2O4 Butter.
DRESSMAKERS ASP SEAMSTKESSEa
McDOWELX. DRESSMAKING
AND MILLINERT 8CHOOI*
Special to pupils entering this week.
Cutter and fitter wanted for Reno. Ner .
Imported patterns. Evening class.
1019 Market st. above. Sixth.
ACCORDION) sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button ft buttonhole factory. 11V) Taylor.
STYLISH evening dresses. $4; store suits alter-
ed. 710 Polk st.. bet. Eddy and Ellis.
EVENING towns and waists: exclusive- de-
Blgns. 730 Ellla st.. suite 2.
McDOWELX. Dressmaking _ Millinery School—'
Patterns cut to measqre:eve. class. 1019 Mrkt.
EDUCATIONAJL. __
HEALD'S BUSINESS CO__GE. 24 TOST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches ; day
and nlKht sessions; Illustrated catalogue fre».
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket st.; special summer course In all depart-
ments: handsome catalogue free: ltfs scholar-
ship. T>0; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkin st.
"A thorough school": positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; Individual in-
struction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing: established 20 years. 1412 Polk «..
between Pine acd California; both adult and.
children's classes are now open for the season.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, lay and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor: day and evenlnz sessions. Phelan bids.
THE PAUL GERSON School of Acting. th»
foremost Institution of the kind In the entlr*
West; 12 teachers: send for catalogue. Ni-
tl-re Sons* bids.. 414 Mason »t.
¦ ,_
ARE you satisfied with your music teacher? It
not. we can please you; we have the best on
the Pacific Coast; both vocal and instrumen-
tal. Room 218, Starr King bldg.. 121 Geary.
THE Jenne-Morrow-Long College of Voice and
Action; highest standards In every depart-
ment; In touch with best companies and
leading stars: position guarantd. 2132 Sutter.
LAWSON- KING* KENNY Dramatic School;
singing, acting, elocution, piano; evening le*.
sorts. 676 Sutter. bet. Powell and Mason;
LEARN shorthand, typing and bookkeeping at
the modern equipped Merrill-Miller College
865 Market st.: 300 graduates placed In po-
¦itlona In 1002. *^
A — ENGLISH School of Elocution and Music^
moderate terms; European teachers. 818 Turk,
A TRAVELING optician of thirty years* expe-
rience about to make a tour ot Oregon and
Washington desires a partner (lady or gent) |
with a little money, to vhem he will teach '
the business. Address box 863, The Call.
Oakland. Cal. •
A— WORKINGMAN'S boardint-house; good lo-
cation; low rent; steady boarders; no agents.
Box 2S03. Call office.
MAN wanted ! with small capital to ro Into a
commission business. Apply ALDEN CO.. i
1118 Broadway. \
FOR SALE— A -weU established harness busl- '
ness In the thrivlne city of Chlco. For par-
ticulars call on L. D. STONE & CO.. 41T !
Market St.. or writ* to box 263. Chico.
WANTKD — Mf-chanic as managing foreman
in Iron works; must invest at least 51000;
salary $100 month. Ik52 Market St.. room 23.
BRANCH bakery, delicacies, candy and station-
ery store for sale; sickness. 403 Sixth st.
$1«X^— Partner; $150 month guaranteed: per- i
manent business. Box 2813. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and* subscriptions
received at Call branch ofnee. 2200 Flllmore.
LODGIXG-HOLSES FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO., Phone 1050.
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds - of business chances.
23 r.; near Market: lease: $600 down.. $2250
t0 r.; rent $300: Market; clears $300 mo. a"'*'
7 r.: Van Ness; rent $22 50; home...... 2_S
I 20 r.; new. mod., elegantly furnished.. .."><>«>
11 r.; rent $00; new; fine fur.; clears $4? 850
0 r.; Ellis; rent $35: fine home; snap.. oM
«8 r.; cheap rent: clears $300 to «100. S£H>
30 r.; rent $05; good fur.; clears $1CO.
12 r.; rent $40; close in; well fuc £00
8 r.; up. Hat: everything mod.: departure .50
3 r.: rent $20; cor. flat; Leav.; snap £-->
20 r.; new house; furniture: clears $SO —>o«>
8 r.; rents $50; modern; Hnely furn .*po
22 r.; rent $S0: lease: clears $100...... I7«i
11 r.; Eddy.rent $r.0;wellfur.;clear3 $38 .50
- 34 r.; fine; downtown; makes big money 32W
8 r.: rent $42; modern flat; elegant fur.. 400
11 r.: rent $75; oak fur.; good carpets. 000
12 r.: close in; well fur.: bargain...... U0O
18 r.: fine corner; new and elegantly fur 2UK>
17 r.- downtown: always full: clears $115 loOi)
8 r.; close In: golden oak; monuet car-
pets, hair mattresses; coat $la0O; Inc.
$68; snap •••¦ Hrr
7 r.; rent $40; middle flat; oak fur..;. o50
21 r.;rent $S5;well fur.;lease;clears $lo0 1^«
14 r.; cheap rent; good fur.; snap...... MO
11 r.; rent $40; newly renov.: clear $43 50O
17 r.: central: Post; part cash. i»£» .
44 r.: rent $44; big money-maker...... 3000
25 r : rent $70: oak fur.: leaving city.. 1350
60 r.': new. rood, building: elegantly fur.:
central; lone tease; must be sold; oner
wanted • •• ii",*
10 r.: mod. flat: elegant fur. -.clears $54:
cost $2200; will sacrifice; must leave
0 r.^flatrrVnV^VoV'mod.'xlears $15; de-
parture 43q
" MARION- GRIFFIN. T __ XT ,
[MARION GRIFFIN. MARION GRIFFIN.l
[MARION GRIFFIN.]
[MARION GRIFFIN^ MARION GRIFFIN.]
[Room 400 Examiner Bldg.]
Phone Black 3607. Take elevator to 4tn floor.
20 ROOMS.
Big flat; near Market; $650; 2-year lease;
electric lights;/ good looking house; rent $40;
fU " ° f r °° m A?ARTMENT HOUSE.
Bargain; flrst-class. nreproof. modern house
of 177 rooms; new building; elegantly fur-
nished ; low rent; lease: clears $650 per month.
91C0O.
30 rooms In apartments: bargain at $2000:
will sell for $1600: owner must have change of
climate; Income $150: rent $C0; easy terms.
[100-ROOM HOTEL.]
Handsome corner hojse; private baths; splen-
did furniture: 5-year lease: modern in every
department: electric elevator: heart trouble.
[CLEARED $307 IN NOVEMBER.]
63-room corner roomlns-house ; accounts are
kept: nice, respectable: applicants waiting.
124 ROOMS— CLEARS J175.]
High class house; downtown; furnished 3
months ago with the best of everything.
[30 ROOMS— $ie00.]
Sunlit apartments; rent $00; corner: owner
must change climate; terms, one-third down.
[ELEGANT HOUSE.]
20 rooms on Golden Gate ave.; house built
one year ago; elegantly furnished In mahogany
' and oak; fin* Brussels carpets; Income $111
over rent* other Important causes sale.
[S3-R0OM HOTEL.]
Must be scld; reduced from $S00O to $6500;
fine bar. "
A VERT elegant new modern downtown hous9
; of 60 rooms, hot and cold water, electric el-
1 evator. cteam heat: in splendid neighborhood;
contiguous to the theaters, the beat restaur-
ants and tbe leading retail establishments of
San Francisco; the furnishings ore of the
best, consisting of oak. enameled Iron and
brass beds; Brussels and Axminster carpets
and elegant hangings: lease for 0 years:
clears $400 a month; terms can be arranged.
MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Hearst building.
HF.ADQUARTERS FOR LODGING HOUSES.
C. E. HINKLEY,
1020 MARKET ST.. OPP. FIFTH.
PHONE MINT 706.
Carriages for Customers.
CLEAR TITLES GUARANTEED.
BUYER AND SELLER PROTECTED.
13 rooms; MUsion St.: rent $50 $550
20 rooms; rent $55; snap.. 120O
9 rooms: housekeeping; clears $27 20U
12 rooms; north of Market; rent $40 500
11 rooms; Eddy st.; rent $50 600
60 rooms; trinalest; liquor license 2700
8 rooms; Post St.; rent $32; only 250
9 rooms; Sutter at.; 3 unfurnished 350
GRAND CORNER. 100 ROOMS: first floor of-
flce; lease; low rent; clears $500 monthly; ;
some country transient. Sec this flrst-class j
proposition. HINKLEY. 1020 Market st.
20 ROOMS: new; rent only $00; 3 years' lease;
clears $100; good carpets; oak furniture;
every room sunny; large yard. HINKLEY.
MODERN apartment house. 44 rooms; rent
$240: guaranteed to clear $200; 3 aad 4 room
apartments; eierantly furnished. See my
agent. C. E. HINKLEY.
120 ROOMS: rent less than $3 a room; op to
date In every respect: finely furnished; books
open; clears $350 to $400 monthly; $6000;
part cash. HINKLEY. 1020 Market st.
WORKINGMEN'S house; 20 rooms; one floor;
electric lights: rent $40; amazingly low price.
$650. HINKLEY, 1020 Market St.. opp. 6th.
A— H. C. DECKER.
LEADING ROOMING-HOUSE AND HOTEIj
• BROKER,
900 MARKET ST. 906 MARKET BT.
OVER 27 YEARS SELUjcq HOUSES IN
CITY.
JUST A FEW SPECIAL BARGAINS.
20 rooms north Market St.... 11400
ONLY $600 CASH REQUIRED.
8 rooms, Hyde and McAllister sts $500
2."i rooms, one floor; rent $70 - $1550
i 21 rooms, electric lighted: rent $30 $S30
ONLY $350 CASH REQUIRED.
8 rooms; must setl; only $100
! 7 rooms; a snap $75
13 rooms. Pine and Hyde sts. ; a beauty.. S65O
17 rooms. OTarrell «t. ; see it $S0O
20 rooms north Market st. ; rent $60 1115O
11 rooms; rent only $35 .' $550
12 rooms. Mason st.; snap $450
22 rooms; rent $50; money maker $1300
11 ROOMS— Stockton St.; cheap $550
17 rooms — Pine st.; rent $70 $e60
11 rooms — Fourth *t. ; rent $30 ..$423
16 rooms — Clears $66 ~> $1400
24 rooms — Transient: a bargain.
A number of elegant flats from D rooms
up; cheap. MOSSMAN. 411 Examiner bids.
$1100 — COR. 14 sunny 'rooms, well furn.; cen-
tral; bargain. Mossman. 411 Examiner bldg.
22 ROOMS, all full; fine location on Eddy st. ;
must be oold to highest bidder.
24 ROOMS; central, on Stockton; sacrifice;
price $2000.
23 ROOMS; finely furnished hotel: always
full; clears over $150 per month; $2230.
- VT. F. CUMMINS, 240 Montgomery st.
ONLY $1000 CASH. ~~
30 looms; rent $100; 1 block from Emporium:
hardwood furniture: good carpets; J225O:
payable as you make It out of house; best
of reasons for selling. If you want a bar-
rain don't fall to see this. Call at room
74, Columbian building, or phone Bush 843.
FOR SALE— A BOARDING-HOUSE: MEDIUM
SIZE: ELEGANTLY FURNISHED; LOCA-
TION BEST IN • THE CITY: LEASK:
OWNER LEAVING TOWN. BOX 2S3«.
CALL OFFICE. ________
A— $3000; PRIVATE boarding-house, with 40
elegantly furnished rooms, on Van Ness av«. :
rooms always occupied and flrst-claas patron-
age. gee R. Q. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st.
LEAVING city, I offer bargain; lodging-bouse;
25 rooms: X blocks from Market st. ; south;
r low rent: price $1100. Box 3122. CalL
86 ROOMS: $3S00: rent $2 50 per room; new
bldg.; new carpets; good furniture; sunny
1 rooms; $1200 cash. 6 Eddy st., room 100.
14 ROOMS: sunny corner; close In: must be
sold account sickness. Box 3141. Call office.
A SNAP: 2 roomidg-houses for sale cheap; one
26 roo— in and one 34 rooms. 393 Sixth st.
LODGING-HOUSES WASTED.
•WANTED--T0 buy a lodging-house, north side.
up to $1000: must be a bargain. Address
865H Market st.. room 1.
C— XPIT CX.OT— n;aB.
C. F. ADAMS CO. ~~~~.
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole family from hats ' to
shoes; everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. . 318 Mascn st. TKS^f*
BUY your suits and overcoats at LICHTEN-
STEIN BROS.. 23 Stockton . st.. on small
'weekly payments; goods ' delivered on . first
payment. ¦
FREE—TO WANT AD PATRONS—FREE]
PUBLISHERS' ANNOUNCEMENT.
THE SUNDAY GALL has completed an arrangement whereby 1
its Want Advertisers may obtain without additional cost a |
full size copy of the famous group picture of all the Presidents of i
the United States^ ¦ ¦'• . , . . |
A Genuine Photogravure Reproduction from the!
Original Oil Painting 1
fi_§H_£39 > £?^_— §R Sjh'^ I^MWt:**'^l|isJP^^:_^j_BCw^ r J^^s«iy s8jS_" _K-&i'ri¥V^_l HJ^w^^By''^^^^^^^ —^Trg^gM "_HiP_P___KrTrifll_S-^w?S^^^^™lii— KsiT^*^ I
REDUCED FAC SIMILE. FULL SIZH OF PHOTOGRAVURE, 16x20 INCHES. I
Copyrlffhted, 1901. All rights reserved. I
PRESIDENTS of the UNITED STATES j
ARTISTIC :: PATRIOTIC :: HISTORIC I
Every art lover and every patriotic American should own this magnificent photogravure reproduction H
from the famous oil painting. . fcj
The Portraits of the Presidents 1
Were painted from the most authentic originals, and in point of expression and fidelity in the matter of dress g
each is a masterpiece. In the backgrounds are I
Fourteen Typical Scenes in American History
Beginning with the Liberty Bell, as if sounding the note of American Independence, and closing with Ad-
miral Dewey's Victory at Manila, while over al! are draped the graceful folds of the Stars and Stripes. The ¦
picture is reproduced by the photogravure process on the finest quality of heavy plate paper and is not a
cheap steel engraving. |
Given Away to AH Want Advertisers in the j
NEXTSUlNDAyS CALL
Bring your little Want Ad to The Call Business I
Office, Third and Market streets; 1008 Market |
street, city, and to The Call Branch at 1118 Broad- %
way, Oakland, and get one of these beautiful pre- |
miums absolutely free. |
This offer opens Friday morning and closes Satur- 1
day night at 10 o'clock sharp. |THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1903.
45
FUTS TO LET. ,
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an lmrnenn list;
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furnitur* Co., 24S-2&U Geary
»t.. on the square. , - . .
y .•' •¦ • ¦' - ** ' • :i •".-
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses are
I listed In our renting department; let us give
you a list and help you find one in the loca- !
tlon you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY. 1039 Market St.; services abso-
¦'. lutely free. ' ;>> -
$47 50, $52 50. $C0 — CLAY, near Devisadero-^
Just comnlcted:' three artistic, sunny flats;
up to date In every particular; .'sun In every-
roorc; see Ihem. SHAINWALD, BUCKDEE i
& CO., 218-220 Montgomery st. j
PINE. 172Tand 1733, near Franklin — Two new •
sunny middle flats of 8 rooms and bath
each; artistic and strictly modern. Apply
VON RHEIN R. E. CO.. 613 California st.
McALLISTER. 1723 — A fine . sunny flat: 7
rooms and bath; elegant hardwood finish; 1
rent cheac $20. ASHTON & GARDINER, j
4U Montgomery Bt.
7-ROOM flat, with 2 rooms rented to unem- j
cumbered married couple, with board, $50 per.!
month; rent $30: don't apply unless prepared
to board us. . 41S Pierce st.
UNION. 10G5. near Leavenworth — Upper flat. 0
room* and bath; lots :of light and sun; fine;
marine view; first-class condition; $30; water I
free. ••*--.-_. ,
LOWER flat. 4 rooms; 3 Worth Et.. near j
Twenty-second and Douglass: key at gro-
cery store. 23d and Douglass; rent $8. ¦
A— ELEGANT partly furnished 7-room lower
flat; $45.. SPECK & CO., 667. Market st.
DORLAND. 172. near Mission High School— 2
new upper bunny flats/ C rooms, attic, $30. '
ELLIS. 824 and 8s* — 3 and 5 room fiats; Just i
. finished: $35 and $4S. . •-¦¦¦• ;
FEDEitAL. 20, near First and Bryant— Neat ¦!
flat; rent $3. ¦ ' . t
HAIGHT, 1700—2 elegant new snnny flats;: 8
rooms each: reasonable; near G. G. Park. \
LARGEST list of flats and houses to let. Call
en LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
MASONIC ave, 1317 — New sunny upper flat; 7
'rooms and bath; near, park. . , . \
MODERN flat, 7 rooms and reception hall; se-
lect neighborhood; rent $45. 3332 Clay st. "
SACRAMENTO. 3245 — 5 large sunny rooms.,
larre yard, $22 CO. .
UPPER flat, 4 nice sunny rooms and bath. 63
Dchon St., between 16th and 17th.
"WASHINGTON. 81SS — 7 rooms and bath; new.
.flat; key on premises. . , t . . ,
$18 — 5 ROOMS and bath. 610 Laguna et. Call
8PARROW. 107 Geary st. ¦
1 ¦ =>
, .l'.y.ff ats_^To _ L| yr~FUR:vi s hep. .
LA^KIN, .13O4V4 — Sunny, furnished modern ¦
I flat -for rent or will sen reasonable, as owner i
' la grolng.Ea.st. . . . ,
DIAMOND, '819^-Flat of 3 furnished rooms;
.hot. and cold water;'$161 .. ¦ -
FLATS FOR SALE— Ft'ItXISHED.
ELLIS. 421A— Newly furnished flat, 5 rooms
and bath; reasonable; departure.
JONES. 006 — Departure: furnished flat of 7
rooms and bath; a good Investment. •
FOR sale — 3 rooms; furniture at a bargain;
party going away. Call Sunday or Monday.
5 Klmball st.. off Sacramento, bet. Hyde and
Leavenworth. ¦
~ FCRXITURE WANTED.
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURD, auctloneer.1818 Mkt. ; tel. Howard 275U.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Ladles! Chlchester's English Pennyroyal PIII3 !
are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
stamps for particulars. "Relief- for Ladles"
in letter by return mail. Ask your druggist.
Chichester Chemical Co., Philadelphia, Pa.
LEFT at 35 Broadway with L. Marsill & Co..
on October 28. one bay pony and small bug-
gy; will be sent to country IX not called for
immediately. L. MARSILI.
HELP WASTED FKMALbT
A GIRL for cleaning In an Institution In city;
$20.
Two girls for a board Ing-house- In city; one
to. wait, the-other for chamberwork; |20
each.'
A .cook for boarding house in city; $35.
Two good second girls: $25 each.
A girl for cbamberwork and sewing for small
American family In Oakland; $25.
A nurse for two children; $25.
A German nurse for one grown child; $30.
MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st., nr. Powell.
A— THE DOMESTIC CLUB. .
233 Geary St., room 36.
Flrst-class Swedish cook. $35 to $38.
r . Flrst-class house.
Good young German cook, little housework,
$35.
Cook and little housework, $30.
Girl, help kitchen, little housework, $20.
Housework, general. 2 In family, $30.
Second girl and wait, $25.
Second girl and wait. $20.
COOK. San Rafael, $35, no washing; cook, deli-
catessen, $30; 2 cooks, $30-$35: 2 laundresses,
- $-J0; 8 second girls. $20-S23; 2 waitresses for
a young ladies' school. J 20: dining-room girl,
sanitarium, 120; 4 nurse girls, $2O-$25, city
i and country; kitchen helper, hospital, $20;
maid and seamstress, ¦ $25 ; housework, Ala-
meda, $30; second cook, hotel, San Luis Obls-
po, $35, and other places too many to adver-
tise. Call Monday. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
234 Sutter at.
A COOK who has some knowledge of German
cooking for small family In city; $35. MISS
PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St., near Powell.
• ¦ '
100 SALESLADIES.
• ' •¦¦-'¦ 100 SALESLADIES.
- 100 SALESLADIES.
1C0 experienced salesladies wanted at once.
Apply Monday and Tuesday mornlnga, tt to 11,
Superintendent's .office, THE EMPORIUM.
WANTED AT ONCE. -
AT ONCE.
¦ ' — — ¦
OPERATORS ON • CASSIMERE PANTS.
STANDARD FACTORY, COR. GOUGH AND
GROVE STS. ; ' , .
A— WANTED^-Olrls to • learn halrdresslng.
manicuring, etc. ; trade taught from A to 7.
In 2 weeks: $5 to those entering: now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at. $10 per week- up: loading school In
West. 233 Geary st.. room 13.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son: both seasons taught irom start to flnlsh
- In 1 month for $10: positions as trimmers,
saleeladle*. etc., guaranteed at $10 per wk. up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A— LADIES . to Icarn all branches halrdresslrtg
. trade; manicuring, massage, etc. 1230 Mar-
" ket st.; cor. Jones, room W; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve, class; call.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
' ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32tf FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WANTED — Reliable/ German or American
woman for general housework; good cook;
plain washing; family of. two; wages $20 to
$25; reference. Call 8unday from 11 to 2,
14C0 Golden Gate ave. >
WANTED— Girl for two ¦people | not home all
day to cook supper \ and take care of apart-
ment; wages $10 per month and room. -Ap-'
¦ ply between 0- and 10 Sunday or b and 0
. Monday, evening. v 1770 Pacific ave. .-•.-¦¦ - ¦
LADIES wanted H to learn barber trade in 8
• wetks and ladles' halrdresslng in. 4 weeks;
manicuring and facial massage also taught In
shortest time.-' Moler, System College, 63o
' Clay. St... .'.- -"'¦-'."¦ "-' -.'X- -¦ .:;;** ,,:.¦
LA.DIES, $8 to ; $15 paid weekly, . sewing at
• homer no experience; material free. Address
for particulars. ;;¦ Weber t Manufacturing - Co.,
_. lisa ? Broadway. New ' York. *
WANTED— Young . rlri -. to assist with i house-
work - In exchange J for .board. . room, - clothes
and an opportunity to learn ¦ dressmaking.
Call Sunday. 1C15A Clay st. :.-,;
SPLENDID opportunity, for Intelligent women
¦—••to -earn', money In spare . moments ; no can-
vassing. See MRS. STEGMAN,: Grand Hotel.
¦ " Tuesday and Wednesday, 4 to 7 only., -.
LADIES to do plecework'at home; we furnish
materials and pay • $7 to - $12- weekly. Send
stamped envelope to . Royal Co., 34 , E. ;¦ Mon-
roe st.;. Chicago; " ' '?" ¦ ¦*-':/,
LADIES— Most profitable home wprk; $0 to $15
; ; weekly; material > free; J no canvassing; .steady
d .work. \- Address SURETY, CO..^Chlcago. -•
WANTED— A v chambermaid. : -.- Potrero" HoteL"
•-: 301 - Twenty-second at. - • '
~ *. - j > - i . . - ¦.
EDtCATIOXAL-—^"^J^^i- '
EPAXUCa t»aclirr. 0 rw* with the BefOl*
Retools gives private tefS"ttS at residence;
moralnr* <r evenings: tri * s lr **- CyX 2K-3 «
£ail^orsee. _~_-Jr.
A— MlSS^bolDrK'p"^ 1 *' 1 - - rs * Piae et -~
Board; English. French. Cenr.an. rr.usic; $-0
month ; coach.
A- SAN" KKANCIPCO Business College. 123«
Market et — Prartlral. reliable;
day and cvtr.irjc *. s»iors; write for catalogue.
n.\'G IN K FBI N'-i— Ci vil. *Iee.. min.. tnech.. eur-
vcy, a«-a;."o8r.i<je; <5=>. ev.; «*t. 1804. Van
d«r NallHr. <rhocl. H3 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'F K^T;-ol cf Mines & Electricity .24 Poat
at g K * a practical school of engineering;
comrlcte' fi|Utr.rr.ent. tU<fccial catalogue tree.
L'ANCING ~T-*f<53r. Thursday. Saturday. Sun- j
£ay evtf* Tteutcala HalU Howard «., nr.
!«Ui. Prrf. Ycm'.pt: society dancing taught.
COnRESTONDnNCE course shorthand and
trrf-kkMTiT-.*: " :11 «^*nge fcr anything.
Iiookk».;'-r. 113 Poln^Lobos ave. 1
A PRIVATE school and klndercarten, 223 ]
Scott *•¦ ¦: l-'reach. dancing; coach; $4; with j
board. *20 j
AN taumlutoefl teacher gives violin lefsaas; 1
frrr-s reaaooabU. Studio, SOS Larkln st.. i
rocm SI. |
DANCING— Anderson's Academy. 940 Geary; j
hours 1 to 5 dally; ciasaes Monday and Wed- 1
Dosday evening*. ; I
DANCING, ballroom and stage, taught; classea j
en Monday and Friday evenings. IRVINE, 1
PROF. V.'. H. LIPSCOMBE. 813 Leavenworth i
«t. — Piano, harmony, etc.; reception 10 till I
11 a. m. I
ETANISH — Fascinating method: my fourth sue- I
cessful year of teaching. PROF. MAYA. 427
Sutter at.
A CHANCE to learn the piano: 25e a lesson.
MKS. II. ROBINSON. 1324 Eddy at.
PIANO conservatory method; lessons and daily j
practice at studio: $6 per mostth. 1308 Ellla. •
BARBER trade taught In I month: new meth- |
od. Add. R. M.. Ill 6t. Anna bldg.. 6 Eddy.
BANJO, rcandolia. cuitar; 2 hours, 60c 317
Qough «t.. near Hayes. - *
ENGLISH actress coaches for stage; $5 month
dunr.g 1&03. A.. Subatatlon 29.
PIANO lessoss. 25c: rapid, practical method, j
MRS. TOBIAS. 1425 Ellla gt.
PROF. BAKER'S boxing school open evenings; j
$5 fcr 12 lessons. 121 Sixth St. j
SCHOOL cf drawing, painting, designing, etc. J
H. W. WATSON. Y. M. C. A. building.
STAGE J!gs. horr.piya. skirt, ballroom, lessons
&0c; private. W. HOIO. 28 Mary et.
STENOGRAPHY and typewriting: Pitman sys-
tem; ladlvldBal instruction $5. .1317 Folsom.
WHISTLING lessoaF. M. GERTRUDE JUDD.
TWi Geary st.; rhone Hyde 933.
YOUNG men desiring an education at small
cart should call at 41 Fulton st.
KENT LAW SCHOOL— Always open, day and
right. r~.'. Parrot bldg. (Emporium).
EUGENE DE FOREST SCHOOL OF ACTING.
Saratoga Hail. 640 Geary St.; call 2 to 5.
6CHOOLOF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bcokkeepicg. grammar, writing,
etc. : day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, or. <ith.
EMPXgYMEyT OrcrcES^^ . _
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Port et.; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment offlce; fnr-
Elshes best help: contracts for farm help, etc •
A — ORPHEl'U Emp'.cj-ment Offlc* — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 PowelL TeL Main 57S2.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Offlce. 413
Stockton; tel. Grant 1€S: expert, reliable help.
F.ELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds he'.p. 215 Stockton; Main 51S&
JAPANESE Henry Housecleaniag Co. TeL
James KSL -¦ •¦"— Brannan st.
CHINESE Employment Office — Beat help at
Lecn Seung's. 411U.O*Farre:i; tel. East 42& 1
CHINESE ar.d Japanese help; estab. 20 year*. •
TpI. Meir. V^l~. BRADLEY & CO.. g40 Clay. ;
EMPLOYMEXT WAJfTED FEMALE.
A EWEDZ8B cock W.th good references wants !
a HI"— '¦" • $:'-0 to *35. Address MISS j
PLUNKETT. 425 Putter et., near PowelL ;
A COMPETENT, well-educated stenograp'atr j
of h years' btwlness experience, who Is fa- j
tntliar with bookkeeping and general efflce ,
work, wouid like imsJticn flrwt of the year at f
m. r-xwl salary; lii*be« refe. Box 311S. Call, j
TOU&G w;njn, puMic school teacher, desiring
to tpen-1 six we«ks In country, will coach
cfc'.Wren on a ranch In grammar grades for
board and transportation. Box 3109. Call.
WANTED — By a middle-aged American wo-
man, a 6:tuaticn as cook, city or country.
i.:*;: or ad-iress COOK. 114^ Turk St., rear,
care Mrs. Professor Wtnatow. city.
AN American woman wants a place as work-
ing housekeeper; no objection to cooking for
hired men or take charge cf rooming-house.
Bex 37M). CiU cfSce.
EEfPnCT.VBLE *CEi5 wishes a sl'.uatlcn in
American :«rr. .:> ; good cook and »i:i do j
»«_•¦;¦. ::i»r. reference; wages $15 to $20. 794 J
FclBcra rl. j
BY expert, fitting In clcak nrnS suit (8:30 or 9
o'clock) house, or as.' ; .5tant fitter cr cutter, or
repairing work tor first-class private dreas-
msker. Box 37S2. Call offlce.
STEADY and reliable isid'le-aged woman
wishes Ileht hou»»»-ork: private family; t-i
1<*t week. Box 2S87, Call offlce.
WANTED — By eo:r.j>eter.t la<Jy bookkeeper, po-
rltlcn £s principal or assistant bookkeeper.
Box 2SJ«. Ca'.l offlce.
WANTED — Position as working housekeeper
by young Englishwoman; experience and ref-
erences. Box S734, Call.
"WOMAN wants work for Tuesdays and
Wednesdays washing, ironing, housecleantng ;
$1 W> p«r day. Box 2ST2. Call.
YOUNO woman wishes few engagements for 1
shampooing, manicuring, scalp treatment.
Phone Capp 3573.
YOUNO woman w&sts pos!Uen as working
hoos< keeper; thoroughly trained; country pre-
! erred. Bex 671. Call office.
A WOMAN would like to go out to work two
half <!ays In the week. Call at 723% Broad-
»tr. ir. rear.
WANTED — Portion as lair's nuree by experl-
*nctd weman: capable of taking care of child.
Apply hex 3154. Call office. '
A WOMAN would Uke some p'.ain washing to '
do at her own hone. Call 725^4 Broadway,
in the rear. -'-:-'-..•
A DRESSMAKER m-outd like- a few more en-
gagements by the day: old garments reaod- !
el-d. li-x Call office.
GERMAN fatty wishes to take care of children
when parents go out shopping. Phone Red
4VJ1. :" r -
GERMAN woman, can do any kind of work.
v .-•.- «onif- more eararements by the day
$1 1*3, car fare. Pfcone Red 4841.
FTrtFT-clfcjs French laondresa wishes launder-
ing to Co at besna. Box 3148. Call office.
YOUNO wos-.aa wishes position as maid Bex
3731. Call.
WANTED— Po*:tim by invalid's nurse- good I
recent testimonial. Bo X 3753, Cail.
DKESFMAKKR. flr« -class, desires work by
the day. Bex 3721. Call orfic*.
A WOMAN wants a few t-Iscea to wcrk by the
<»ay: 75c ar.d car.'are. Address box 3103, Call.
V.'AN"T a nos-ltior. in a Private family ns cook*
wa/ren $30. Cail 2417 Clay st.
TJ'OMr.X want? work bv th» <5ay to do clean-
ing-. SI TXi a day. 174 Fourth rt.
TTOMAN with IItt"> rlrl wants place as house-
keeper. Box 2SJ1, Call of£cp. j
A FIP.FT-CLAfi? laundresn wants work by the
day: t'2. a day. Bex 2&S3, Call offlce.
0 CUM AN K'.rl wishf* to do light hounework
er.d a*e!*t v.-lth cooking. Box 2S7G. Call. i
A VOMAN wnali like wr,rk by the day] Call '
T25's Brcadway," In rear.
WILLING ta psy for a permanent poxltlon of
trast: cafhicr. vcrrtury. etc. Box 3127. Cail.
VOSIAX wish«^> work try the day; good laun-
<JrtF« ar.d «-lranlng. 321 Bryant st.. upstairs.
rilENOH lady wishes plain sewing at home;
winding. «larr:!r.g; neat Fewer. Box 2*>C3. Call.
GERMAN lady wru!<1 »ike a position es houee-
ke*per or to uait ia etore. Box 2SS7, Call.
WOMAN wants wcrk by day: 11 60 per day
and carfaro MRS. OSGOOD. 115 Hayes st.
1 ;¦:.'. 14 years old wirhes to learn ladies'
tailoring. r« Shipley et. .. !
>VOMAN r.-Rrtf klti-hen -wnrk cf any kind, or
will work by the day. 2«l Shipley st.
W'AXTEI>— Po»iticn arsirt with b«"3»ework and
care cf children. Addrt-ss box-2&S6. Call.
A YOUNO «rfrl wlsh*-» poeltinn a* rashier. Ad-
4r**t> O. W.. box 37S5. Call offlce.
FIUST-CLAHS laandrfts *1*hes work bv the
lay. 77 Ninth si -
L»!)T wacts work ty day. MRS. IVERSON,
X* Clara. *u
ROOMS FOR HOPSEKEEPraO.
AT Knickerbocker Asartmest*. 134O Pln« at..
t n*ar Hyde — Furnished 3-room tints:' $39 up;
cteam heated, electric lighted; fre« bath.
DEV1SADERO. 4*X>\ corner Oak — 2 nicely fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping: clean, sunny
and reasonable; to a desirable party.
FELL, SIC — Three rooms, neatly furnished, la
sunny toD flit; gas rasge. bath; adults.
FIFTH. 2«>4. cor. Clementina — Unfurnished 3
large clean connected rcoms. wiUi stov«;
sink; porch.
FILBERT. SUO— 2 light housekeeping rooms;
rent $11: every convenience; no children.
FILLMORE. 2219 — I large furnished rooms:
bath: housekeeping; choice; $30.
FIRST. 230. near Howard — I or 5 pleasant
rooms for housekeeping; business . center;
rent cheap.
FOLEOM. S34 — Sunny bay-window rooms aad
kitchen; bath, gas; two. together or separate.
FOLSOM, 8(53 — Larse sunny bedroom, adjoia-
ing kitchen: yard: complete housekeeping.
FOLSOM. 870. near Fifth — Sunny rooms;
housekeeping; newly furnished; $2 50 per
week. Call Sunday, after that evenings.
FOLSOM. 1057 — 2 sunny housekeeping rooms,
$12; larze front room, housekeeping. $i>.
FOUR con. rooms. 2 bedr. bath, toilet, gas '
and coal stoves; all necessaries. IXH Geary.
FOURTH. 223 — Nice housekeeping rooms; a'so
single rooms.
FOURTEENTH, 72, near Folsom — Nicely fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping.
FRANKLIN. 321 — 2 sunny connecting roomsw
well furnished: gas, bath; folding bed; ad-
ults; $20.
GEARY. 4C£ — 3 front connecting housekeeping
rooms; suitable fcr 3: gas rasge; running
water.
GEARY. 645—1. 2 cr 3 rooms for light hous«-
keeping: private; adults.
. 1 .
GEARY, 657— Sunny ftirnlshed ' rooms 1 ; sir.?!*,
suite and housekeeping; kitchen: reasonable.
GEARY, 677 — New aad nicety furnished house-
keeping rooms; ga^i range: reasonable.
C91 GEARY— Housekeeping suite, gas stovaw
$15; also single room cheap; phone, bath.
GEARY, 777 — Very large sunny room; gas
range, closet, running water; $13.
GEARY. 828 — Handsomely furnished front
room. $15: two rooms, well furnished, $1S.
GEARY. 878 — Sunny basement of 4 rooms, com-
plete for housekeep.ng, $20; 2 sunny back
rooms, $15.
GEARY, 023 — Two sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; gas range; $20.
— .
GEARY. 990^ — 3 outside furnished rooms; sun •
ail day; coal and gas range: reasonable.
GEARY. 13X1 — 3-room apartment, newly fur-
nished, complete for housekeeping; closets,
lavatory, pantry, gas range; hot water. Data;
adults; permanent.
GEARY. 025 — Two sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; gas range; $20.
GEARY. 1237. comer Gough — Unfur. hoas«-
keeping rooms and others: terms reasonable.
GEARY. 1417— Beautiful sunny parlor suit,
complete for light housekeeping. ?; >-»j ah
GEARY. 1527 — I large nlc?ly furnished rooms;
piano: bath; private family.
GOLDEN GATE ave . 414 — Housekeeping an4
other rooms. Call 2 to 4 p. m.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 507— 3 nicely fur. hase-
ment rms.; gas range, yard: com. hkjj. ; cheap.
GOLDEN GATE aveT] 620— Furnished back
parlor, with use of kitchen. $12.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. K33 — Housekeeping. on»
large front; running water: $13 50; 1 sunny,
$11: 2 single, $5 and $•"..
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 12C2— Sunny front al-
cove suite: connecting kitchen; running wa-
ter; gas range.
GOUGH. 137. near Oak — 2 sunny front rooms
for light housekeeping; private family.
GOUGH, 213— Two sunny unfurnished rooms;
gas. bath, laundry.
GOUGH. CG3. near McAllister— Large sunny
front parlor and kitchen, newly furnished;
others.
GOUGH. 1133 — 3 unfurnished rooms, regular
kitchen; gaa range; in new flat; rent rea-
sonable.
GROVE. 2 — 2 housekeeping rooms; gas range;
sunny; central; $3 75 week. 0
GROVE. 159. corner Van Nesa ave. — Nicely
furn. 3-room suit: housekeeping; adults; $20.
GROVE. SCO. cor. Flllmore — 2 large sunny
front furnls-hed and unfurnished housekeep-
ing rooms; gas range; bath; running water;
rent reasonable.
GUERRERO. S29— $11; sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; gas stove, bath, washrm. yrd.
GUERRERO. 54S — 2 housekeeping rooms, fur-
nished or unfurnished.
GUERRERO. 1151 — Rooms for families, fura.
and uafum. ; baths, pianos, porch; $10* to $22.
GUERRERO. 54S — Two pleasant housekeeping
rooms.
HAIGHT. 1787. near Park— Unfurnished parlors
and small room; light housekeeping; $1S.
HARRISON. 73C — A sunny front or back parlor
for light housekeeping: cheap:, large yard.
HARRISON. 8304— Nicely furnished front
housekeeping room, $2 25 week: also so-all
room. $1 week.
HAYES. 4S1 — Newly furnished room for 2 gen-
tlemen or young couple: bath and gas; prlv.
HAYES. C20 — Two furnished housekeeping
rootna: gas bath, phone; references.
HAYES 4S1— Furnished rooms, bath and gaa;
light "housekeeping; private family.
HAYES. 854 — Two rooms, complete fcr house-
keeping convenience*: rent $14.
. — — -
HOWARD, 827B — Nice front suit; gas rang*;
bath and phona; rent $1S: no other roomers.
HOWARD. 9S8 — Large sunny room: 2 closets,
stove, running water, folding bed, dishes: $10.
HOWARD, 1126— Front sunny double- rooms;
running water; gas or coal range.
HOWARD. 1310 — Sunny furnished housekeep-
ing room- and single room.
HOWARD, 2400, cor. 20tn — Two large sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms; largo garden;
bo children. __^_______—
HYDE. 6*i — Two sunny front housekeeping
rooms; gas- stove and folding-bed.
HYDE, 4C8 — Two sunny rear basement rooms;
yard and laundry; $14. •
HYDE 819 — 2 sunny front rooms: en suits- or
single; private family: reasonable.
LACUNA. -411* — 2. 3 cr 4 stmny well furnished
housekeeping rooms; bath; all conveniences.
LAGUNA. 630 near Tayea— Front unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; sunny; running water.
LAGCNA. 715— Two sunny front parlor*, fur-
nished complete for housekeeping; gas range.
" grate; reasonable.
LAGUNA. 1743. between Sutter and Bush-a
or 4 large unfurnished rooms; bath; prrrata
famlry.
LARKIN. 433— Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms. ,
LARKIN. 613— 3 larce front sunny rooms; ga*
grate and telephone. $22 SO.
LARKIN, 7CC— Large light sunny front room
and kitchen: gas and coal stoves; bath.
LEAVENWORTH. 411— Nicety furnished par-
lor floor of 3 rooms for housekeeping; central.
LEAVENWORTH, 1007— Two sunny and well
furnished , suites with kltcheus; also larg»
alcove. ¦
LEAVENWORTH. 1116— Two nice furnished
rooms for housekeeping: gas range, phone;
yard: $14.
LEAVENWORTH. 1117 — Two rooms; stt?ny.
well furnished: reasonable.
LIBERTY. 37—3 choice sunny front rooms.
with kitchen: complete for housekeeping;
bath, gas. phone: Mission warm belt.
MASON. 40C— Punny housekeeping mite; $3;
single room. $6. | ,
McALLISTER. 633 — 3 nicely furnished rooms
for housekeeping in a private family.-
McALLISTER, 790— Large sunny frqnt room:
bath attached: kitchen, wtta gas store;. all
newly furnished. ¦
McALLISTER. 787— Suite finely furnished: for
•couple or two gents; sunny; modern flat;
piano; phone. ¦
McALLISTER. 860 — 1 or 2 furnished rooms:
bath, gas. phone; reasonable.
acALLJSTEIl. BOS— Sunny front parlor. el«-
. gantty furnished, with* kitchen; all cOnvenl-
CiflCCf.
McALLISTER. • 037. • lower flat— Three partly
. - furnished rron»: gas stove: $15. - - •
MCALLISTER. 9S9— Sunny from corner partor
suite, complete for housekeeping; gas range,
yard; no children: $19.
MCALLISTER. MXMA— Larre runny 'front
¦ room, nicely furnished or unfurnished: ua«
of kitchen; $12.
MINNA. 4CS — Furnished v hors^kceri»K rooms,
complete: every e«ivenience: kitchen con-
¦ nectlng; single rooms.
For \ Additional Classified Adverti**-
ments See Page Forty-Six."
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MALE. ,
FIRST-CLASS tanner and currier would like i
steady position as foreman; married man.
Box 3777. Call office.- v
WOULD like to work for board and room; can
tend to horses and do chores. K., box
377S, Call office.
WANTED— Work at night after 6 p. m. Ad-
dress box 2S58. Call offlce.
WANTED — Position at any easy work. Box
- 2857. Call. - ' ;
AN energetic young man stenographer desires
position; experienced." Box »n"2. Call.
JOBBING carpenter; repairing neatly done at"
reasonable prices. < 007 y^ Capp su
HOSPITAL male nurse wants' a position giv-
ing massage. Bex 2SS2. Call offlce.
POSITION as night watchman. Address D. J.
F., box 2bSS, Cail offlce.
BARTENDER, German, wants a situation, day
or nicht. Box 2bS4, Call offlce. .,
POSITION a* porter. Address B. C. A., box,
3120, Call.
BARTKNDER. German, looks for position. 10 j
Franklin st. #
WANTED — Place as night watchman. J.
JACKSON. SOU Oak st.
WANTED — Position as coachman. Apply 11C
Fell «. , -. ',
SHEET metal and iron worker wants steady
positlon. $3 day. 1 Falmouth st.
CARPENTER wants work. Bex 3714., Call
office. - . - - - I
WANTED — Position as pressman. 425 Sutter
street. : , -
GOQD groom wants situation. Address 547
Castro »t. - ,
BOl' wants work on Saturday. Box 3138. Call-
A BUTLER wishes a situation In private fam-
ily; good references. Box 3739, Call. -
BUTCHER, good slaughtermen, wants position.
Audreys 549 Bryant su . . • \ .--. -.-
LUNCH' cook wants situation. . 20S Stevenson
street. , . • . .
/COOK wants situation. 209 Stevenson st. •
MAN wants position as bookkeeper; references '
furnlbhed. Box $73. Call offlce, Oakland, j
YOUNG man, 25. wants work; good references.
Address box 3133. Call office.
POSITION as watchman by steady,- reliable,
man.- Address box 28£0, Call offlce.
FOREMAN on a ranch and also a good black-
sislth wants a ppeltlon. Box 3719, Call. ¦
BARTENDER wants position. -' day or | night;
city or country. Box 3102. Call. ' - '¦ - ¦' • •
CUTTER and all-around tailor would Uk» po-.
ei t ion In city or country. Box 2S6S, Call.
GOOD strong boy of IS would like a situation
of any kind. W. F..- 1145ft Mission st. . :
WANTED — Work of any kind. OTTO DE
WITT, 1539 Kentucky sU
AS bartender by middle-aged man;' s!ngl«;
town or country; references. Box 2S9&, Call.
SITUATION as dishwasher. ' Address bZ
RICHARDS. Postofflce box 216.
GOOD boy wants to carry papers. Address box
867. Call offlce. Oakland.
YOUNG man would like work of some kind
evenings. E. BERG, 18 Franklin at.
YOUNG man. well educated, wants employ-
ment evenings. Box 3137. Call offlce.
MARINE engineer would like position of con-
struction. Box 3129. Call.
PAINTING, paper hanging and tinting; town
or country. 38 Mary Et. ,^_
BARTENDER desires posltloa. OTTO DE
WITT. 15 Third st.. city.
WANTED— Work as porter. E. WHEELOCK.
15 Third st.
A PRACTICAL farmer, recently from New
Zeajand, seeks a position; has a thorough
knowledge of pedigree snd grade stock; like-
wise considerable experience of fat cattle and
sheep; references and bond If required. Ad-
dress "H," 124 Sansome St., San Francisco.
AMERICAN, 24. experienced .salesman; also
expc.'' n< % ed in offlce work 'and shipping; ex-
perk.-iced handling men; ealary and commis-
sion % referred. G. K. COBB, box 1293. San
Jose.
POSITION wanted by middle-aged man as
waiter or dishwasher In a restaurant or ho-
tel; country ' preferred ; speaks four different
lanj- . igt-. Address F. R.. 1200 Howard st.
BARB r R desires position for evenings and Sat-
urda: (Sunday). 1410 Larkln -t.. near Cali-
fornia; call befora 9 a. m., bet. 3 and 4:30
and after 8:30 p._m... except Sunday.
POSITION wantsd by a competent engineer
and electrician: is familiar with large gen-
erating equipment; good references. Box
3710. Call office. _^^
WANTED — Situation to run small engine or
as watchman by a reliable, sober man. J.
H. WILLIAMS. 20* San Jose ave.; phone
Capp 2666.
COMPETENT gardener, orchardlst: pruning,
grafting; also landscape; outlay new lawns,
orchard, vines; small or large tracts; flrst-
claes work. Address G. O.. 613 Mission st.
POULTRYMAN, experienced and successful,
knows business frcm A to Z, wants place.
• manager large or small plant; not afraid of
work. Box 3718. Call.
YOUNG paperhanger and painter wants . po-
sition with contractor; two years' expe-
rience. Box 2848, Call offlce.
A YOUNG man of good education, capable of
doing anything, seeks position; Al references.
Box 64. 1008 Market st. -
FRUIT ranch; a No. 1 man wants place, man-
ager or foreman: understands fruit all
through. Box 2h59, Call. -
, YOUNG man wants position; will do any kind
of work. Box 3707, Call offlce. ¦ .
> AN elderly single German Is open for a posi-
tion where general administrative ability,
with practical knowledge of all agricultural
branches, especially forestry, would be la
requisition. Box 456S. Call offlce.
A YOUNG man with the best of city references
wishes position as salesman or solicitor.
Box 3702, Call offlce.
A SOBER and steady man wants position as
janitor, watchman or running elevator; flrst-
clasa references. • Apply J. J. M., 129& Cth,
A SOBER, industrious man, willtng to work,
wants position In business house or to drive
wagon. Box 2S34. Cail. ,
WANTED — A situation by ablebsdled man In
wholesale house; good common school educa-
tion. Apply PUTNAM. 40 Oak et. *
MAN wants to finish barber trade: has had 2
years' experience. Address WILLIAM WIL-
EON. OSS Howard at., city. ' '
JAPANESE, first-class cook, wants position in
small family In San Mateo; waves $25 up.
Address YAMA, 415 Seventh St., Oakland;
tcl. Black 2432. j
JAPANESE Laborers' Assn.— If you need a
good servant. Japanese cr Chinese, ring up
Tel. John 2531. or call at 15 Berry place, off
Grant ave.. near Bush st. -CfiEifiS • - -.-'
, 1 A
JAPANESE gentle boy. wishes position as a
schoolboy has references: answer by letter.
Address W. H.. 121 Halght st.
A JAPANESE laundryman wants to work In a
' family In town: 15 y?ars' expfr.cnce In Japaa;
$35 to $50. TAGUCHI. 055 Sacramento su
GOOD JcDanese wants a position to do half-
day general housework; $2 00 week. HASHI,
121 Halght st. Tel. Fell 7031. ¦ ¦¦ .
HONEST young Japanese wishes position
where he can get time to study In certain
hours of day. Box 3138, Call offlce.
JAPANESE youns boy" wants- a position at
housework In family. Address ASO, 514
' Pine at. . ¦ •
FIRST-CLASS Japanese cook wants a place;
city or country. 019 -Webster St., Oakland.
--* TACIAfr MASSAQE. v .
A — WRINKLES removed; fine complexion gnar-
' anteed. new method: SOe. M. LUTON. mant-
curlrp parlors. 764 Larkin St.; phone Polk 17.
rEAT^jtanaEgorATCp. _
OSTRICH feathers and boas remodeled/ curled
and waterproofed; gives a luster equal to
new; . can be worn a season without losing
curl. , Potter. Waterproofing Co.' CO Geary st.
• FINANCIAL.
— .-..-¦¦¦¦ ' t
STOCKS. BONDS.: .*;* SHARES.
We will sell. In lots to suit: -
500 Alaska Central Railway ......,...$5 75
¦JOOGcioonda '.. :\r
:SO Bocklovers' Library ....'....10 00
10,000 Mount Shasta 02%,
750 Gwln Mlnca' 7 is
1,000 American Oil & Refinery..;...... 00
• 1,000 Dabney Oil ....•¦ 53
And n.any others at equally attractive prices;
market letter free on request; we buy and sell
every class of stocks and ran secure ¦', you
quicker sares and offer better "bargains: than
you can obtain elsewhere; our specialty invest-
ments payinc; guaranteed dividends 10 to -3
per- cent:, conrtoondence solicited.
WATT & COWPERTHWAITE. <
Bankers and Brokers.' Stockton. Cal. - v
COMPANIES . lncomorated. financed and stock
. floated. . W. H.- BITTNER. 1 Lawyer and Fi-
nancial Axent. 322 Emma' Epreckels bid*-.
BEIiH \V*yTntV-M*?.K rm«W»«.
WANTED — Strong all-round mechanic . In
manufacturing plant; willing to work. Amer-
ican Briouettlng Co., 905 East st. • ',
A FIRST-CLASS bartender, wanted at once.
Apply between 10 and 2 o'clock. Sunday, 151
Fifth St., city. -¦
WANTED— Experienced floorwalker for dry and
fancy . goods. . Apply superintendent's office,
the Emporium. '
I SALESMAN of experience In tailoring line;
reference required. Apply S. N. WOOD & CO.,
710 Market st. '
WANTED— 500 men to eat first-class 25c din-
ners at Nick's Restaurant, C04 Battery st.
OLD gardener can find steady place, moderate
-- wages. Addrers Gardener. San Rafael P. O.
WANTED— A good" horse breaker. C. F.
MANSON. 187 Stevenson st. •
A BARTENDER wanted at 7 Perry st.
WANTED — A good boy to carry papers. Ap-
ply 1202 Pacific st.
A WAITER wanted at 18 Eddy st. : call early.
! DETECTIVES everywhere; good salary: no
j experience. Infl Detective Agency, Milwau-
I kee. WIs.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
. BRO8. & CO.. 24 Sutter St.
WANTED— A blacksmith helper. 2220 Fol-
soa.
PORTER wanted at 325 Prnmm st.
WANTED — Dishwasher; call early. 107 Berry
ttreet.
YOUNG man to work about 2 hours a day;
easy work. Box 3731, Call. ¦¦.,.,-,,-
WANTED— Experienced male stenographer.
Call Monday, 537 Mission st.
COOK", wanted. 10S Hayes st; call early.
LUNCH waiter wanted for restaurant 331
Bay st.
GOOD boy wanted to learn plumbing. Apply
Monday. 1104 Golden Gate ave.
COATMAKERS wanted. HARBHALL'S. 12
Kearny st. ¦
YOUNG man as dishwasher. 465-7 Valencia st.
BOY wanted to drive butcher wagon; expe-
rienced; call. Monday. 230-32 Ninth st.
UNCLE SAM wants help: 14.000 appointments
last year; free examination paper and cat-
alog giving positions and salaries. Dept Q.
Western Correspondence University, San
. Francisco. . • - / ¦ ' r . - '
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON.
477 and 47S Parrott bulldlnc; • :'¦ ;- ">
FOR sale — 1 barber chair, 4 oak sitting. 1 mir-
ror, boiler, pole;, cheap. 303 U Broderick.
WANTED — Boys from 15 to 17 yea-rs of age to
learn the dry-goods business. Apply between
9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
WANTED — First -class domestic salesman; also
dre£9 goods salesman. Apply between 9 and
11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
WANTED — Experienced shoe man to go to
Petaluma. - Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS. ''
WANTED — Experienced dry goods packer and
crater.- Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.*
TRY our. men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50. or
orthopedic shoes, $3 50; best shoes on earth. 11
Third st.. Exam. bldg.'. 5 doors from Market.
REGISTERED assistant pharmacist to go to
Los -Angeles; give references. Box 3709, Call.
SEAMEN for Australia and Europe; also green
hands for whaling. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart.
BARBERS — Well-paying two-chair shop for
sale cheap.- 1^ Polk st.
IF you are not satisfied with your salary, wa
have an opening whereby you can earn legiti-
mately $40 weekly; gentlemanly occupation;
good address, business knowledge necessary.
Royal Mercantile Co.. suite 18. Columbian bid.
WANTED — A reliable, competent clerk for a
liquor store; good salary and prospects for
right party. Address Jaffa Wine Co., 224 J
St.. , Sacramento. Cal. •
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50: we pay
express or mall charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
WANTED — An all around bookhtnder; one who
can do forwarding and finishing on full
bounds. Apply SAXBORN. VAIL & CO..
741 Market at. ¦
.FINE coat, vest and pants makers wanted.
Apply between 10 and 11 a. m. to the Steven-
scn-st. entrance of CIIAS. LYONS, London
Tailor. 721 Market St. \
A PLEASANT faced, fine appearing, good sur-
geon; positively no other; must be between-
40 and 55 and good case taker: no traveling-;
salary about $150. Box 4717. Call offlc*.
WA NTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Ilolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
BARBERS-^Nearly new hydraulic chair, mir-
ror and work stand. . oak. marble top, for
. sale cheap. 2S37 Greenwich st.
WANTED— For V. ,S. Marine Corps, able-
bodletl unmarried men, between 21 and 35;
good character; must speak, read and write
Sngllsh; marines serve at sea on men-of-
war in all parts of the world, on land lh our
Island possessions, and at naval stations In
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
fice, 40 Ellis. St.. San Francisco, Cal.. aad
401 K St.. Sacramento. Cal.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can set It done for 25c. 50c
' and 60c while you wait at 563 Mission St..
bet. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third st.?""
PENSION ATTY., M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.; 14
years" practice; references -from thousands of
persons for. whom I have secured pensions.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed.
S.: F. Barber School. 741A Howard at.
PENSION* atty.^ E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post.G.A.R.
MCDONALD & PERRY have a large stock of
new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 239 3d st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH offlee of The Catl for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at IOCS Market fct.. opposlt*
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ALL" sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. !M33 Mission st., bet.. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your Fh<x><>\ half soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. M3 Mission at., bet, rst and 2d sts.
I ,
j . PALSTS'TRY.
I ' '¦- • * \ - ;
• SEE page 4$ for prophecy by ISMAR, the won-
. derf ul sypsy.
MME. DEVAS, scientific palmist and astrolo-
glst: palm readings $1; ;t questions by ex*
press. $1; open Tuesday eve. also. 139 Post st
MME NEEKOARD'S class In palmistry begins
I Dec- 1. S p. m. 242 Post St.; terms $10. .
-H. JEROME - FOSELLI. 1 scteTttlSe palmist. 513
Taylor H.. near Geary. Phone Black 561.
PAPERUAXOIXG. PAIXTI.XG. ETC.
ROOMS papered. $3 SO up: tinting, painting.
Hartrcann Paint Co.. 219 3d St.; t«l. Main 413
CALL at C27 Turk st. or phone Sutter 154. for
rar^r hanging, painting' and tinting.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEOX9.
DR.-CVC. d"DONNELL— Ofilca "'and resid«ac».
- 1«21% Market st.. bet. «ta and Uh; parUcu-
« lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR.. BALL. 10T3H Markat St.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb - doctor,
.treats all. diseases' of tbe human body; for
, part four years at 115-117 Massn: novr la*
cated at pen Geary St.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Pa
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases ef fc-jn-aa
- by c«e of fcgrtm and teas. 727 Washington »t.
DR. H. C. WONO. 71» Post St.; all diseases
cured by Chinese herbs; consultation free.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dia-
>iw cured by Chlnene herbs. 74«-S Clay st.
PROPERTY WAXTEDr
WANT to purchase some flam In Mission from
$4000 to ?7000; no agents. Box 2S62. Call.
WANTED-^A- C-room cottage In the Mission;
. stat«- Price. Box , 2S30. Call offlee.
ST1. TKniXO - A>D 8TA.MMERI.\Q.
MELBOURNE School. Van Nejs-ltarket — Cur»
In every case: 'individual teaching', no m*dl-
"¦' rii?«. •lnnntr* Into -To-wier"*! eure»:hon"» enr»
, t . TO . LEASE. ~
BASEMENT to let; light and airy: cement
floor.. high celling; 40x.S5 feet. 71g Kearny st.
i/^ NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE — The Giant Powder Com-
» pany. Con. — A- dividend.- No. 60. of -fifty «5ti)
' cents' per share ca the Issued capital stock of
. the company has been declared, payable at
. the office of. tbe. company, rooms 202. 204 acd
i 2W Haywanl building. San. Francisco. -on. De-
. cember 10. 1903. Transfer books clcse Decem-
h»r x luoa. at noon. . C. C QUINN. Sec'jr.
_ HELP WANTED— FEMALE— |-Con.
LADIES having doilies, centerpieces. Batten-
berg, drawn work to sell: address LADIES'
EXCHANGE. 34 D Monroe it.; Chicago.
Vi'AXTED — Japanese girl to learn general
- - housework; good home. Call or address 2523
Hlllegazs ave., Berkeley. .
GOOD typewriter can have lessons in elocu-
tion from flrst-class teacher for occasional
work at home. Box 2SS0, Call office. .
EXPERIENCED saleswomen for fancy goods
wanted at LIVINGSTON BROS.. 123-9 Post ¦
- St.; call Tuesday before 10. a. m. ¦
EXPERIENCED salesladies; 3 first-class sales j
people; steady positions for right parties.
The Gamossl. 101 Post st. . .
WANTED^— Experienced glove, saleswoman;
also experienced lace saleswoman. Apply be-
tween 'J and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Girl for general housework; small •
family: wages $20. Call Monday at SW5 ,
Clay st. , "~
WANTED— Shirt polisher and neck, band
Ironer; also marker and distributer. 3372
Mission st." ¦ .*• j, .
LADIES and gentlemen wanted to eat flist- .
class 25c dinners at Nick's Restaurant, 601 1
Battery st.
EXPERIENCED salesladies in gloves, laces,
hosiery. JOE ROSENBERG.* 810 Market st.
A — OPERATORS wanted on ladles' underwear.
€56 Mission «..„ third floor.
i 7 4
A— OPERATORS wanted on ladles' waists. C5»J
Mission st., third floor. ¦
A'.NEAT young girl for general housework;
4 In family: wages $20. Call 1016 Page st.-
W ANTED — A girl for general housework, $15.
4C65 Eighteenth st. • . \
EXPERIENCED woman as housekeeper; 2 In
family; state refs., salary. Box 3116. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED, refined woman, companion
, for elderly lady; light housework. " 1311 York.
WANTED— A girl to do housework. 1102 Scott
street. . : •
PROTESTANT glrlr general housework; two
adults; $20. Box 2894. Call offlce.
WANTED — Salesladies; wages $5 a week: --rive
reference and experience. ¦ Box 3774. Call.
BIO money for lady representative. Address
box 2775, Call offlce.
WANTED — Immediately, a bright woman for
a position of trust. Box 3776. Call office.-
PANTS -finishers wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at 27 Geary st-. !
YOUNG girl for second work. .' 2344 Sutter st.
COMPETENT cook for Institution. 2344 Sut-
ter. tt ' . ¦
WANTED— An apprentice- at dressmaking; paid
while learning. 3212 - Twenty- fourth st- j
A. WOMAN with exceptionally high cooking
' ; ability; state- references arid particulars. Em
3712. Call. - ".. . .-....".
WANTED — Experienced saleswomen. Apply
ply between 9 and 11 a m. at HALE BROS.
FINISHERS and quick sewers on cloaks, and
skirt operators at M. SIMINOFF. 1228 Mar-
let St ' , ¦
FIRST-CLASS* stenographers furnished. Miss
M.. G. Barrett. Instructor. 302 Montgomery.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the recepl
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1006 Market *t.. opposite
Fifth.' Open until 11 p.. m. x
HELP WANTED— MALE.
OPEN TO-DAY,
SUNDAY, - 8 to 12 ' a. m. »
A— MURRAY & READY. C34-636 Clay St.
Phone Main 5843.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1002 we gave • 1903 we'll give
45.000 men work. 60,000 men work.
ARIZONA, close to PRESCOTT, $9.
OREGON— FREE FARE.
COAL MINERS, f.1 to f 5 a day.
Man and wife, cook and waiter, city.
Boy learn machinist trade. $3 week.
Cook, hotel. 50c fare, £50 found.
2 German-Swiss milkers, $30 found.
2 brickmasons, lumber company. $8 day.'
Cook, springs hotel. (30 found.
Blacksmith, mine. $90; helper. $60.
Head logger for woods, $75.
TImberman. mine, $82 50. -
' Pantry man, country hotel, $35 to $40 found.
Paper hanger, city. $3 50 day.
- - CABINETMAKERS. $3 50 DAY.
Striper and letterer. all-round painter. $3 day
2 coatmakers, *5 per coat.
OLD MEXICO— FREE FARE.
. Carriage trimmer, boss here.
Gang edgermsn, lumber co., north, $95 fd.
Tinsmith, $3 to $3 60 day.
Foreman, orchard and vineyard.
Sticker and matcher hand, $3 50 a day. '
- Man and wife, cooks, hotel kitchen, $90,
fare $3.
GOOD MINES:
Machine . drillers. - >90.
Chuck tenders, 567 50.
Single hand miners, $75.
Amalgamators, {90.
Rock-breaker men. $75.
50 laborers, $67 50.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
AT "E. & B." R. R. LABOR AGENCY.
638 Commercial st. Phone Front 39. *
Ryndon. Nev. — Free Fare.
25 tunnel men, ...... $2 50 a day
DO laborers and muckers, $2 to $2 25 a day
NEW RAILROAD WORK.
20 six and eight horse teamsters, $2 50 a day
. 20 2 and 4 horse teamsters. $2 to $2 25 a day
¦ 50 plow-holders and laborers, $2 25. $2 day
"E. & B." LABOR AGENCY. , -
'638 Commercial st. Phone Front 39.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520 Sacramento st. — 520
Phone Main 1191. . Cor. Leldesdorff st.
Open to-day (Sunday), 10 to 12. Special to-
day (Sunday).
Cook and wife, . mine, $65 found: second
cook, country - hotel. $40 found; craneman
ditcher, $33 found; 5 miners, ship to-morrow
morning. ?75. We* ship to Cnlco, Butte Co.,
' to-morrow. Teamsters, etc.
R. R. tunnel foreman, $120; 5 tunnelznen,
$60 found; 5 laborers. $2 25. -
Coal miners. New Mexico.
AT CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third St.— Man
and wife In city, man to cook, wife to wait
table; 3 lumbermen, redwoods, $50 a month.
Open Sunday. CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 61)
Third st.
A— HOTEL OAZETTE. 20 Montzomery. r. 12.
Second cook who can do Dastry. $40; store-
room man. $30-; bellboy. *3O. -
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Man to help gardener. $30 and found. .
GOVERNMENT positions— More than 13.000 j
appointments last year: chances even better ;
now: examinations In every State; thousands \
¦ prepared by the Nat'l Correspondence Instl- ;
tute. Washington. D. C, the originators of ¦
this work, are-now In theservlce: write for j
'¦ circular J-L snowing positions, salaries, • ex- i
aminatioiM, sample questions, etc, . to our !
Paeinc Coast offt«e. 927 Market St.. S. F.
SPECIALTY salesman— We have 2 exception-
ally good positions open for balance of year
and all of 100 J: salesmanship, energy and a i
¦ clean record required; general mercantile
trade: high commission contract, with $25
* weekly advance while traveling. W. E.
. HODGMAN & CO., 90-90 Prospect st.
EXPERIENCED. SALESMAN. OR PHYSI-
,- - CIAN NOT - PRACTICING. TO SELL TO
DOCTORS: ESTABLISHED TRADE: PER-
. j MANENT; REMUNERATIVE. P. O. BOX
MS. PHILADELPHIA.
A^ ~~ r 7 l ; y ~ -
'Men to learn the barber trade in two month*
and secure good positions: catalogue and full
' information mailed free. MOLER: System
. '. College, 033 Clay Et; 1 ¦ -
TRAVELING salesman for California: no tech-
nical knowledge, but active, all-around hust-
ler: established, well-rated house. F. R.!
: JENNINGS, sales manacer. Detroit, Mich.
SALESMEN make' 500 per cent commission
celling "Novelty Sign Cardsf'; merchants buy
10 to 100 on r *lght; SOO 'varieties; catalogue
" ; free." SULLIVAN CO.. 1139 Maple wood ave.,
. Chicago. III. . - •-.'•¦ . .
WANTED-— A young man. lC'to 17 years cf
¦"¦• age.' who lives : with; his . parents, to -learn
Welsbach light business and tend store. Call
Monday, 0-12 a. m., at 3152 Sixteenth st.
WE paid one salesman In January of this year
',. $891 . commission for selling *. Weir's Lead;
'pocket* Rample. For proposition .write D." T.
. Weir White Lf ad Co.. St. , Louis, Mo.
A YOUNO man IhingL with parents, about 1C
years of age. ¦ accurate at figures, rapid, legi-
ble handwriting and good address can secure
position In large wholesale house; reference*. ,
- Box 3124. Call. _'
WANTED: — A salesman '- for whisky ajidccr-
'-"dlal house:, one who i has Had experience and
can ; srlva 'first-class « references." 'Address -P.,
Y.'O.'. box; 2C50." Ban Francisco. "
WANTED everywhere — Hustlers to tack sign*.
: distribute circulars.* samples. . etc. : ; no : can-
- vatslng; good nay.' Sun Adv., Bureau.* Chicago
WANTED— Men 'everywhere; good pay: to dis-
' * tribute circulars,* adv. matter, tack signm etc
/.. No canvassing. 1 . Nat. i'Adv. Bureau., Chicago.
WANTED . / «'¦* once— Experienced . •" traveling
;¦•¦:¦ salesman > for California; none other need ap-
olv. .Address Drawer . S. Chicago. .:
EMI'LOVMEXT WANTED FE3IALE. I
FOUR flrst-class cooks, Germcn second girl, j
German laundress for laundry or Institution, j
also a Crxt-cliss nurse wish situations; best
Df reference*, tee J. F. CROSETT & CO.. |.
334 Gutter et. " J "
A COMPETENT woman can do all kinds of day !
work, can get up all kinds of dinners; $1 50 I*
per day and carfare; can give the best of ref- ! .
erences. Call or address J. V., 1403 Devlsa- j
d«o St.. city.
AMERICAN women wants work by the day; !.
is willing; guarantees satisfaction; carpet '¦ ,
cleaning a specialty; fine laundress; $1 25 1
dsy. 174 Fourth st.. room 10; car fare. . j '
A COMPETENT woman, one having country i
experience, desires position as cook, mining ;
camp, ranch or private boarding-house. 4C3 | .
Minna st. 1 ]
WOMAN -%ishe» to go out to work by the day. > .
214 Parker ave. ' ". j
ARTISTIC dressmaker is open for engagement | .
as forelady; co objection to San Jose or 1 ,
nelrhborlng towns. MADAME DORE, box J
1 S717. Call. '
I ; I .
COMPETENT woman wishes position to do | •
cooking and general housework, city or coun- j
try. 1411 Baker St.. between Sutter and ; ',
Post. j '
AMERICAN. Protestant, neat, strong and ca- ' .
pable, wants cookinr on ranrh or working ,
housekeeper's pcslUc-n. 64 Cumberland St.. 1 .
baselhent. _ j "
*A COMPETENT stenographer wants a perma- : .
rent situation : familiar with general offlce j
work. Box 3703. CalK J
WOMAN, good cook and housekeeper; young ; j
firl to do second work; private family; no ob- ;
lection to the country. Box 3706. Call. - 1 •
I LADY barber, f. rst class, experienced, would '
like work Saturdays and Sundays. Address .
Barber. 839 Eddy st. ! »
A MIDDLE-AGED responsible woman wishes ; .
position as housekeeper or cock Address
box 29. 1008 Market ft. I '.
SMART yonnir woman would like any kind of,
work during the day housecleanlng, etc. 118
Hayes Ft. *" \*
' ____ . ; j
REFINED young lady wishes position In wld-'
ower"s home as managing housekeeper where .
servant is kept. Box S64. Call offlce, Oakland, j ;
SITUATION wanted by a young lady to do
offlce work. Box 3143. Call. i
YOUNG lady wishes ponitlon as lady's com- i
r-anlon. Box 2&4ft. Call. . <_
A YOUNG girl would like work In bakery. '
Call at 342 Fifth st. j*
POSITION "wanted by rXpeetable lady as
housekeeper in widower's family; first-class -
references. Box SS9. Call offlce. Oakland.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED—MALE. !
COACHMAN of long experience, with Al ref- j
erences. understanding all about horses, as !
stableman for private house or any kind of :
work aroun 1 horses. Address box 312S. Call.
NEAT, sober and Industrious young Irishman, '
Etranger In city, would like to get a position
With reliable party where trustworthiness
snwiifl be appreciated: strong and willing and ¦"
a good penman. Address box 3112, Cail. 1
AN elderly single German Is open for a post- ! '
tlcn where general administrative ability. <
with practical knowledge of all agricultural j .
branches, especially forestry, would be In '• :
requisition. Box 456S. Call office. j
YOUNG man. £2. wants position during holi- j ",
days; understands bookkeeping; feat; rapid; •
can commence December 15 or earlier; best ! ,
references. Address Student, St. Mary's Col- j •
lese, Oakland. . j
SITUATION wanted by an enerretlc young ; "
man. capable of handling mining proposl- 1
tlons. rlacer or Quart:; no objections to go- j .
ing to Mexico. Address box 3113. Call. j ;
POSITION wanted — A reliable married man; :
understands care of horses, carriages and ¦' ;
harness and can milk; wife good cook and - '
laundress; reference. S. D., 77 Ninth st. I
STEADY, reliable young man, experience In J
bookkeeping, offlce work, desires position; ! •
first-class reference; wages no object to be- j '
gin. Address box 8732, Call. :
AN experienced office man desires employment I -
e« shipper or other position of trust In a
wholesale or manufacturing house; highest '
references. Box 3118. Call.
¦ ;
A MIDDLE-AGED man wants a situation at j
any kind cf work; handy with tools; best of
references. Address F. A., room 33, 54 -
Sixth st.
1 POSITION of trust or collector by a middlo-
aged married man; first-class reference from '
, last position of 15 years. Address box 3720, I .
CaJl offlce. j •
BARBER, young man; wants situation under !
good Instructor to finish trade; can shave !
good and hair cut. Further Information box J '
2S33. Call office. '
A TEMPERATE colored man would like to
obtain a position as porter or Janitor; best
of references. Address box S7SS. Call offlce. 1 :
A 6TEADT. sober and reliable married man ;
wishes work of any kind; understands horses; ;
good driver. Address 174 Fourth, room 30. 1
GOOD steady man with references desires i
work of any kind; city or country; state i
wages. Box 3119. Call offlce. •
A YOUNG man wishes position as helper In a
machine shop; good references. Address 41 1
Katoma St.
A YOUNG man not long out from Sweden
wishes any kind of work. Address 100 Te-
hama St., corner of Second. -
EXPERIENCED gardener wants position; late
gardener for Governor Markham; best ref-
erences. Box 870. Call.
ANY hsnest work, with chance for promotion,
by honest young man. Box 872, Call offlce,
Oakland. ,
ENGINEER and electrician wants a position; [
can give best of references. Address ',
GEORGE MANES. 840 Castro st.. Oakland. 1
EXPERIENCED electrician wanta position;
can give best of references; has had 9 years'
experience. Box S75, Call offlce, Oakland.
i SITUATION wanted by an experienced extract '
maker. Address W. W., Call branch, 639 j
McAllister st. . vv f ;
ENERGETIC young man desires position as
collector or salesman; references. Box 2S95,
Call offlce.
AN experienced young man etenographer with
knowledge of bookkeeping desires position.
Box 2S49, Call.
WANTED— Position as Janitor; capable ot tak-
ing charge cf building; best, of references.
Box 3144. Call offlce.
t A YOUNG man (28) desires a situation at any
| kind of work; handy .with carpenter tools.
; Box 2847. Call offlce.
BARTENDER, S years In one place and 2 in
last, desires flrtt-claca situation; city or
country. Box 3713. Call.
! COMPETENT painter wants work for private 1
parties, or In hotel, by the day or Job. Box '
3708. Call office. '
YOUNG French gardener and florist wishes j
Filiation In private family. Address box j
2St«. Call. « j
YOUNO Frenchman from Paris: don't speak !
KniriiFh: wants place; chore-man. Box 2S65, 1
Call offlce. , . '
WANTED — Position as blacksmith's helper: ;'
long experience; sober and Industrious. Box •
3140. Call offlce. ~ .1
* PAINTER and paperhanser ' and hardwood \
finisher desires a situation: no objection to j -
country. Box 2*64. Call offlce. ¦ j
AS valet. Invalid's attendant or to travel; {
. sp;aks French. German and English; refer- ¦
«nces. Box 2870. Call office- j
YOUNG man and wife, waiter and chamber- j
maid; positions out of town. Address 1220 1
Mission st- I
BOY 17 wishes position In hospital or. iaatltu- j'
tlon- moderate wage* and good home de- I
tired. Box 3125. Call. '
AB correspondent, situation wanted: English, !
Spanish. French. German; references. Box
2»71. Call offlce. . ¦ ¦ <
A PRACTICAL all round gardener wants work
on private place; - reference. Address box
2SK1. Call offlce. ..-¦•£'
BRIGHT boy. 13 to 17 years of age. wishes
work after school and Saturday; best of ref-
erence. Hex 310S. Call offlce.
COMPETENT." exnerlenctd stenographer, un-
derstanding bookkeeping,' desires' position.
Box 3114. Cail office.
GOOD meat' and -pastry cook wants situation;
sober and reliable. W. A. JONES, Allen-
dale Postofnce. Alameda County. .
YOUNG man wants situation as janitor. Ap-
ply 502 Busa st- •
A GOOD bed maker or night clerk wants a
tituation. Addrers 203 Ellis ave. .
A GOOD mtchlnlst and toolmaker desires eni-
ployment. Address box 2S75. Call. •¦
i A YOUNG man. prerser, wants position where j
I he can learn to raake pants. Box 2873. Call.
i WANTED— Situation In a chophousc Apply
Sa5 Harrison st. , ...;
WANTED — A situation aa baker. Apply 271A
Clemtntlna Et. -.
A POSITION as office assistant; 6 years* ex-
perience: best of rtferences. Address box I
2877, Call. V •;-¦
CARPENTER, jobblnr or bench. Box 2S13.s
e
John F. Ward .(owner) with Thomas Vodden
(contractor), plans by owner — AH work for a
3-story frame building (. # l fiats) on lot on K
line of A-hbury street. 73 S of "Page. 25 fcy
Fdward V. Pa?o.tiale (owner) with H. I*
Peter-en (contractor), architect T. P. R.jss—
Excavating for trenches, bulk head Ins. conci-fta
pier-, foundation area and bulkhead walls, iron
anchor*. . cast Iron and terra cotta drains for
a 2- story basement and attic frame bulldtmr
on lot f.t Interaction of NK Irne of Buen.i
Vista avenue and S line of "Waller street E
15S. S 555. W 128:2Vi. NW 441: WCtJl.
Charles Geddes to Sarah GecUles. lot on cor
ner ot Fifth avenue and California street South,
E 32:6 by S 100: $10.
Union Trust Company to George Wa!*. lot on
E line of Eleventh avenue. 200 N of O street.
N 23 by E 120; $10.
George F. Neal to J. W. WrUtht & Sons Irt
veetment Company, lot on SE corner of Forty
necond avenue ana R street. S ISO by E U0;
$10
Charles W.and Emma S. Llntner to Freder
ick V. Pfelfer. lot on N line of Fourteenth •ve
nue, 330 W of N street. W 2r. by N 10O, block
2G5. O'Nlel & Haley Tract: $10.
Johanna and Lenanl H»m to Edward F. _Mc-
Martin. lot on E line of Whitney street. K*> 3
of Thirtieth. S 23 by E 125, block 27. Fair
mount: $lO.flA4PWG9n0 _,, __
Alice «L. Walter to Christian Zinrm. h* on
SW line of Ronnoke street. 23 SE of Bemls.SE
2S by SW 113. lot 4S. block 4. Mission and
Thirtieth etreets Homestead Union: also let on
R line of Lewis street an-1 NW of B«nls. SW
R3.-.NW 70:8. E 125:4, lot 70, block 32. same;
Lulu A. and Frank B. Woodhouse to Henry
G H Schmidt lot on SE line of Paris street.
23 SW of China. SW 25 by SE 1C0. block 19,
Excelsior Homestead: $10. .
John N. Staud Jr. et al. to Leonce Oroth
well lots 224 and 223. Sliver Terrace Home
stead* also lot on E line ot Indiana street. 5O 3
of Coiusa. 9 75 by E 10W; also lot on W line of
Arkansas street. 3C<$ S of Army. S 50 by W
m '' m - Builders' Coatiacts.
John Scott to Jennie Scott, lot on B Un* of
Powell street. 68:6 N of Bush, N S3 by E 67:0;
Sharon Estate Company to Archibald Kalits,
lot on N line of Francisco street. 40 W of Leav
enworth. W 101 ::» by N 137:6: $10.
Christopher and Katie Munk to Alexander
and Laura B. Dunn, lot on NW Une of Slrrer
Ktreet, 200 SW of Second. SW 25 by NW 70;
$10.
S. F. and Ellen Sinclair to T. W. or Thomas
W. CbrcJer, lot on SE line of Natoma street.
73 SW of Seventh, SW 25 by SE 75. quitclaim
deed; $3.
Potrero Nuevo Land Company and A. Ev
erett Ball to Winnie O. Tripp. lot on E lino of
Potrero -treet. 98 8 of Seventeenth. E 10O, S
54:6. NW 101. N 48: $1.
A. Everett Ball. Winnie G. and Clinton C
Tripp to Potreto Nuevo Land Company, portion
of blocks 129. 137, 161. 234, 238. 303. 324. S33.
334 and ">'>-: also lot on W line of K&r_>arf
street. 87 S ot Nineteenth. W 10O. S 133:4. E
101, N ¦ 166: also lot on NE corner of Nine
teenth and Kansas streets. N 23 by E 100; alsa
lot en SB corner of Nineteenth and. Kansas
streets, 8 50. E 168, NE 45. N 7. W 200: also
lot on N line of Twentteth street. 23 W of
Arkansas, W 23 by N 10O; also lot on N I!n»»
of Twentieth street, 73 W of Arkansas. W 25
by N 100; also lot on W line of Arkansas
street, 20O N of Twentieth. N 5O "by W 10O;
also lot on W line of Arknnsas street. 3i> 3
of NIneteentn.'S 5i> by V,' 100: also lot on SW
corner of - Arkansas and Nineteenth strwts. S
25 by W lOrt; also lot on'E line of Wiscfn^lit
street. 150 N of Twentieth, N 5O by B HiO; fl.
Sadie Brauer to Franz Brauer. lot on S line
of Bay street. 137:6 E of Stockton. B 45:10 by
S 68:9: also lot on X line of Vnlon street. 97:4
E of Mason. E 40:6 by N 137:6: also undivided
fi of lot 28, block 5, Flint Tract Homestead
Association: also lot commencing at point 2002
NW from Schwerln street and 37»Tl& SW of
SunnyUale avenue, NW 110 by SW 205; also
lot commencing at point 937:0 SE f rom ¦Schwe
rln street and -."<¦•: 4 SW of- Sunny dale avenue,
SW 141 by SE 105:8; also undivided *4 of tract
of land being 1 in San Francisco and partly in
San Mateo County, which was conveyed to sat t
Alois Brauer and John Rueger. said tract con
sisting of 25 acres of which lots 4 and ft here
inbefore described were allotted In severalty to
Catherine von Hofen and also In proceeds of
sals of said land: sift.
Central Trust Company (formerly German!*
Trust Company) to Prospero Mortola and Ia.
Ferrari, lot on E line of Lomoard alley. 69:3
E of Lombard street, distant 137 :_ W from
Stockton. W 68 :» by S 68: $10.
KEtat-t of Alexander McLea, by Acnes IX.
Ross (McLea) and David Kerr, executors, to
Robert C. and Eliza M. Eolton and Davtd E.
Melllss. trustees, undivided 1-14 of let oo N line
of California street. 101.2 E of Kearny, H «s:»
by E 20:10; $5.
- Charles and F.mma ilarx to Frank Green,
lot on S line of Clipper street. 105 W ot
Sanchez. W 23 by S 114; $1O.
on W line of Hartford street, 09:8 N of Nine
teenth. N 24:8 by W 125; $10.
Mary E. Celestres. Pauline McMahon. Annls
Theresa, Agnes and John Goss to same, same;
$10.
City and County of San Francisco to Dennis
H. Stake, lot on E line of Hampshire street.
330 8 of Twenty-second, S 23 by t: 100; $ .
John O. and Margaret D. Barker to Harry
A. - Russell, lot on E • line of Laurel street
27:8K S.of Clay. S 25 by E 107:6; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Theresa
M. • Deane. lot on S line - of Thirteenth street.
218:3»_- NW of- Folsom, NW 46:314. SE 96-5
SW 7:11%. SB 76:5% to Erie, E 53, N 161:7;
City and County of 8an ¦ Francisco to An
tonle Ewan, lot on E line of Woodward avenue
212: S; of Duboce (Thirteenth) street S 25 by
E 70; f .
:; United 8tate» Laundry Association to Met
ropolitan Laundry Company. -lot on.S line of
Sixteenth street. 88 W of Valencia. W 6O 8
110. W 60. 8 90. E 120. N 200: also lot on E
line of Albion avenue. 106 - S of Fifteenth
street. 8 64, E to point 00 >W^ of Valencia. N
30. W 47:6, N 34. W to beginninir: $10.
Central 'Lumber and Mill Crfmpany to Jacob
and 'Nathan Harband, lot on N line of Seven
teenth street, 100 E of Howard. E 30 by N
112:6; $10. T
City and County of San ' Francisco to August
G. ; and ' Katharine . Wlesmantt, lot on 8 line
of 'Seventeenth street, 110 E of Guerrero B
25 by : S 80; $-: — . ;,v --'-•-'--
Chari-s- Gjjddea to 8a rah Geddes, lot on W
line of Guerrero street, 61 N of Twenty-second
N 30 by W 117:6: $10.
California.- .California- French and Franco-
California Laundry- Company to Metropolitan
Laundry Company, lot on NW «nmer of San
chez and Fourteenth streets,- S 105. W 105 M
105, E 105; $10. " ,
John .W. and 'Hannah McDonald, to Mary K.
Celestres.- lot^ on W line of Hartford streef,
80:8 N. of Nineteenth, N 24:8 by W 123; $1. .
, Elizabeth Goss to Mary E. Goss. . same, and
all Interest In estate of Michael Cassa or Cassar
or Goss, deceased: $10. '
. Denis Donoboe. to. Christian Melskov Jr.. lot
City and County of San Francisco to Win
throp J. and Mary L. Flfield. lot on NB corner
of- Gough and ¦ Fulton . streets, ¦ E 137:6 by N
120; 9 .
Same to . Jacaues ' Sassus, lot on N line of
Greenwich street,- 106:3 W of Oetavla. W 11:0,
N 44:6, NE to point. S 46 to beginning; $ — — .
Same to- Alexander W. Wilson, lot on S line
of Sacramento street, 137:6 W of Oetavla. W
65 by S 132:6; S — —.
Same to Hubert Galey, , lot on SE corner of
O'Farrell and Buchanan streets, E 31:3 by S
80: 9 — — . '•' ' - ¦
T. C. and Mary E. Coogan to Peter E. Lam
mers. undivided one-twelfth of lot on S line
of Sutter street. 137:6 W of Laguna, W 34:4 V;
by S 137:0; .$10,
I Julius and Florence Kahn to same, undivid
ed one-twelfth of .same; $10.
Charles F; Doe to William A. Nevllls. lot
on J>I-lln«. of -Hush 'street, 87:8 W of Larana.
W 25 -by N 100; $10.
German Savings, and Loan Society to same,
same; $10..
-William A. and Delia F. Nevllls *> George
I. and Selma H. Bluhn, same: $10.
Charles A. Gray to C. N. Douglas, lot on K
line of. Webster street, 120 N of Lombard. N
17:6 by E 137 :«; also lot on W line of Buchan
an street, 120 S of Chestnut, S 33 by .W 137:6:
$10. . \
City and • County of- San Francisco to Julius
Ruedlger.-lot on SW comer of Eddy and Fill
more streets, -W 137:6 by S 110; $- — .
Samelto Edward Pelsser. lot on S line cf
Pine . street, ,137:6 ¦ W- of - Scott, W 25 by S
137:6; ? / ~ ..
Balrd estate to John H. Graves, lot on S line
of Halfiht street, 25 E of Ashbury, E 23 by S
100; $10. '
James N." and Ellen Powell to Charles T
Krellnff. lot on S line of Oak street, 37:6 W
of Shrader. W 25 by 8 100; $10.
TIE AT. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alvlnia Hay ward to Charity Hayward.' let
on NB corner of Fulton and Polk streets, K
412:6 by N 120: $1.
John J. "and Cornelia Epleker to Patrick F.
Butler, lot on S line of Ellis street. 131:9 W
of Van Ness avenue, W 6tt by 8 120; ?10.'
E. II. Harrlman's interest In
the welfare of the California North
western Railroad, which he hopes to
some day use a3 a connecting link be
tween his main lines and Eureka and
other nothern points, was evidenced
yesterday, when, In company with
President A. "W. Foster and other of
ficials of the coast road, he made a
flying trip over the line.
It was stated yesterday that Presi
dent Harriman ha3' changed his mind
regarding a prolonged visit here and
has given notice to the officials of the
Southern Pacific Company to have his
car in readiness for his departure
within the next three days.
President of the Southern Pacific Ia
Preparing for His Return
to the East.
TrATvnrrnrAj^ GOES NORTH
OVER THE FOSTER I_L_M__
Machinists' Union No. 68 held, an
exciting election a few nights ago.
Owing to a tie vote for president, an
other election will be held to fill th«
position. The other officers elected
follow:
Vice president, V. Dunkeiberxer; recording
secretary, L. I*. Cummow; financial secretary.
C. W. Meyer; treasurer. C. F. Mlnedaw; con
ductor, J. E. Hooper; inside sentinel; Mr.
Hughes; business agent, W. R. Hagerty; trus
tee, A. Headman: auditing- committee — L.
Gelsaberger. J. Hucke and IV. J. McConnell;
delegates to Iron Trades Council — V. Dunkel
berger, W. R. Hagerty and J. A. Kelly; dele
gates to Labor Council — P. -J. Cowley, V>*. P.
Delaney, W. R. Hagerty, J. E. Hooper. J. A.
Kelly, 7 J. A. Mendla and R. I. WUler; dele
gates to State Federation of Labor convention
—P. W. Buckley and J. A. _t*Uy.
Resolved. -By the San Francisco Labor Coun
cil, that •' we earnestly and vigorously protest
against the United States Government using
soldiers In the construction of buildings where
such eoldlera are by such act of the United
States Government brought Into direct com
petition with the ctvlltan mechanics
whose wages run from $2 50 to $6 per day of
eight hours while the soldiers receive 916 eo
per month, with an additional 50 cents addtd
per day for the caroenter work, making h!a
pay for mechanical work a little more than 91
a day.
The following resolution relative to
the employment of soldiers as.carpen
ters was adopted:
The Labor Council at its meeting
last Friday night elected B. Benham
and A. C. Rose to represent the coun
cil at the State Federation convention
to be held In Fresno shortly.
The paper-box makers lost their
strike and have returned to work on
the old schedule of hours. . ;•/": Vi -
The butchers are still out and
neither side will give in. Miller &
Lux have refused to make conces
sions and the slaughter-houses axe
idle. .-., .-,iv .:'
Trouble between the United Rail
roads and its employes ia Imminent.
It Is charged by some of the men that
the corporation is not living up to the
rules laid down by the board of arbi
tration. The pay of two men has
been reduced and Manager Chapman
does not say whether the men were
fined or whether he ia cutting salaries.
The cloakmakers 1 strike is still on
and is likely to continue. The pro
prietors say they will Import men
from the East and also bring gar
ments from New York. Certain
stores on Market street are being boy
cotted.
CA-iKrEKr HAVE GBIEVANCE
AGAINST COEPOBATIOH
Claim United Eailroads Is Not Liv
ing TJp to Bules Laid Down
by Arbitration Board.
THE SAN' FRANCISCO :CALL.v SUNDAY. DECEMBER 6.-- 1903.
46
ROOMS . TO : LET— F-tb. and Uafnrn.
! LEAVENWORTH. Rll— Furnished room, with j
houselceeplng priyllegeB. -:..'. - ,-. . ¦-¦• ,,
LEAVENWORTH, 1003— Parlor floor (carpet-
ed), kitchen complete; also furnished alcove
- room. ..-.' . ¦ .. ¦ . -.-¦'..- ¦'¦.-'-'¦''
LEAVENWORTH. 1400— Large sunny - roome
and bath;, furnished In exquisite Oriental
style: phone East 1203.
MARY. 36— Front furnished 'room for rent.
MOZART. 321 Ellis— Furnished .rooms. 35c _ to
$160 day; $1 50 to f C week; open all nlgnt;
phone.'. . , ¦- . ; - --' -.¦¦¦- ¦¦¦ '•
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nliihed rooms; $2 50 week up; 30c day up. .
NINTH, 11B (Glllesple)— Nicely furnished room*
$1 50 to $2 00 per week; 50c to TPc per night
NINTH. 135— Large, sunny, front room, with
hall bedroom. In private family; use -of
kltchtp. bath, piano, etc.; no children; in-
' quire In grocery next door. Call on Monday.
O'FARRELL, SO 1 — Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
'. vator, electric' lights; unfurnished of flees.
O'FARRELL. 1127— Elegant parlor suite for
lady;- breakfast If desired: all conveniences.
PINE. 7C0, east of Powell— Elegantly furnished
suite, of parlors; running water, bath and
phone; In newly furnished flat: suitable ; for
man and wife or 2 gentlemen: also other
rooms;- muet be seen to be appreciated. . .--.
POLK. 823 — Best furnished ¦ rooms In the city
for the money; single or en eulte; everything
new and plenty of sunshine; terms very rea-
sboable; only 10 minutes' walk to 'Powell
and Market sts. '¦..-'.*'-
POLK. 823 — Best furnished rooms in the city
: for the money; single or en suite: everything
new and. plenty of sunshine; terms very
reasonable; only 10 minutes', walk to Powell
and Market Bit.
I POST, 242 — New sunny front eulte with bath;.
- referenc—.' .- *7 -•¦¦¦*.
POST, 605— Nicely frunlshed rooms. '
POST, COG — Bunny front,' nicely furnished room;
bath' adjoining; quiet family. . '
POST, C0&— Newly furnished front room; *en-
tlemen; private family; reasonable.
POST. 610U — Nicely" furnished sunny sulU of
parlors; also large sunny room; bath.
POST. 611— Nicely furnished minny • roomi;
running water; private family; modern,
POST. 015 — Sunny room, well furnished; .n*>
sonable; good value. - __.,
POST, 622 — Nicely furnished room, suitable tor
two; cat), bath; private family.
POST, 62&— Sunny front rooms for gentlemen.
POST, 700— Eleirantly furnished eunny rooms;
prices reasonable. * ...
POST, 711— Handsomely furnished eunny room;
large room; running water. - •
POST. 713 — Large sunny front room; hot an«
cold water; gentleman. . ¦ , .
POST, 710 — Sunny front room; reasonable.
POST, 726 — Nicely furnished, very sunny
. rooms; grates, gas range, bath.
POST. 762 — Furnished room' to let. -- . -.'
POST, 817— Handsomely furnished rooms In a
quiet home for two or three gentlemen.
POST, 822— Handsomely furnished sunny
roome; running water, baths; private family.
POST, 824 — Front suite to let; furnished..
POST, 826 — Nicely furnished rooms; • gentle-
men; reasonable." /¦
POST, 857— Pleasant rooms; also single sunny
room. 1 . ;
,POST. 838 — Furnished rooms; reasonable. .
POST, - MO — Nicely furniehed roome.
POST, 944 — Large eunny room, suitable for 2;
running water; gentleman perferred.
POST, 046 — Trt -o furnished rooms to let.
POST, 948 — Sunny furnished rooms, with run-
nlng water. . ¦ • • '"
m POLK,1243 — One room; light; eunny; rent
reasonable. .' ¦
POLK, 1810— Beautiful sunny rooms, furnished;
reasonable; references. . >
POST, 062 — Large sunny room, suitable for
one or two gentlemen or couple; also sunny
single room. ¦ F>
I'OST, 074 — A large nice front room.^sultable
for one or two; rent very reasonable.
POST, 713— Private, new, neat, clean; single
or en suite; low for permanent. :
POST.- 715 — Nicely furnished rooms; bath, gas;
gentlemen preferred. - ' •
I'OST, 717 — A large sunny front room, fur-
nished; reasonable. ' -. ' . <-
POST, 074, rear— Small furnished room.
POST. 070 — Newly furnished sunny front
. rooms, suitable for two; also single: quiet.
ROSALIND. 554 Geary — Sunny front; board
optional; electric light; bath; tel, Sutter 871.
J POWELL, 60CB— Nicely furnished front rooms;
bath and telephone.
STEVENSON 1 . 635— Sunny furnished front room
for gentleman. • .• '. -¦-.¦ ' ' ¦
STOCKTON. 332 — All elegantly furnished sun-
ny rooms; day. week or month; transient.
: SUTTER. 23C — The Crane— Elegantly furnished
rooms; downtown; suite or single; $10 up.
. IuTTErT 861 (The Larchmont)— New, mod-
. ern. reasonable: no carfare. ¦ . ¦
SUTTER, 1119 — Parlor floor, complete' for
housekeeping; other sunny rooms.
TAYLOR. 624. corner Sutter — Sunny front fur-
' : nlshed room. ' . -:
THE LARCHMONT. 361 Sutter— New; every
modem convenience: no car fare. . .• •
' -. ' - - THE PIERRE. •
570 O'FARRELL ST.: NEW, MODERN,
SUNNY ROOMS; REASONABLE..
THE BET, 675 Bush— Newly furnished suites,
$5 per week; singles, $2 up; tel. Red 5250.
THE ZOLA. 390 Jones, cor. Ellis — New house;
elegantly furnished rooms; all sunny; electric
light; hot water; steam heat.
THE VAN WINKLE, 207 Jones— Nicely fur-
nUhed eunny rooms or en eulte ; $2 to $6.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy St.. nr., Market—
400 single and family rooms; 35c to 9\ night;
SI 75 to. $6 week; elevator; electric lights;
reading-room; freebus and baggage. -
VALLEJO, 1343— Furnished -rooms to let, |3
to »6.- ¦ . ,.- : - ',-.•¦
VAN NESS,. 510 — Handsome sunny * furnished
suites and single rooms; all conveniences.^
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St., near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
S5c to $1 60 night: $2 to $8 week; elevator;
dec, lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
¦ . \ ¦¦ ¦. * *
2 SUNNY rooms to rent. Box 287P, Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan St Church sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been "„ opened at 1008 'Market «t.. opposite
Fifth. Onen until 11 p. m.
. r POAKD. ¦
A— HOTElTlLtrTON^— —_____!
S. E. COR. 1 PINE AND TAYLOR
,¦ This new andrustlc constructed hotel Is sit-
uated In the city's swellest ¦ quarter and will
be handsomely furnished throughout, ' with all
the very latest conveniences; .will be ready
for occupancy Dec. _ 15; reservations can now
be. made 00 . premises dally, v . . ...
'. . '-. - HOTEL BALTIMORE
VAN NESS AVE., NEAR GEARY BT
AMERICAN PLAN.
PHONE PRIVATE • EXCHANGE 706
SELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEI*
.HOT AND COLD OCEAN- WATER. * ,
SPECIAL RATES BY THE MONTH.
MUNOER &. ZEBERQ. PROPRIETORS.
CHANGE OF PROPRIETORS. - ~~"
• MANHATTAN- HOTEL. ,1704 Market St.— A
"¦ . strictly ilrst-class family and tourist hotel of
' unquestioned respectability. American . plan.*
A' THE DRESDEN^
SELECT FAMILY. BOARDINCKHOU8E. 1442
FULTON. BBT.BRODERICK AND BAKER.
SANCHEZ. ' 372. bet. 16th ! and ' 17th— Room for
-2 gentleme'n: double bed; good home cooking;
, . $18 Per month. ¦ '-.' :::, '-__¦' \,-.'. •. --
CALIFORNIA, 1240— Most select - location In
- modern. . elegantly furnished private home;
. table : unsurpassed: marine t view. =.. V ¦ ¦ .
GUERERRO, :; 114, * near^ Market— Large ¦; sunny
.- rooms; ', home i cooking; * running ' water; rea-
sonable. . v ...''... ' '. ¦
HOTEI. ¦ MARTINET. Geary st. and Van i Ness
. ave., has cfianged . hands; . hereafter conducted
. fl rat-class famllv: hotel:- table board specialty.
BTEVEK SON -mansion. ', 807. California st. — At-~
; tractive and . sightly . rooms; best , tabu and
.service: lowest ; rates. . "¦..••' ,. ¦ . .
TWO; sunny," front' rooms, J with" or .'.without
- board/. In crlvate ' family. ',1402 ¦ Washington
st.;. phone Hyde 44S1. . ..*'
FIRST, 323 — Board. and lodging,. $1 50*; changed
hands; all home cookina-. . , .-. •" '"¦¦; i
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
PTATOES
A DPT 17Q
- * \ ALL ' OTHER ¦; FRUITS -IN I SEASON.
HOW TO GET ', FINE PRODUCE AT ;
W un r iyoA t i? - pr » cv Q : '
We -sell direct -to COKSU-IXSSS the Best :' Gooda Produced by ' [ the
i'r.!v/lv^'.'. v .. -: . ' "Original Package,
AT CARLOAD PRICES^ .. *
; " "... '.¦<. FREE - DELIVERY TO r ANY, . PART OF ¦ THE CITY.
I '. -^ TELEPHONE,, WRITE OR CALL AND SEE'OUR GOODS.
JONAS: ERLANGER-^I) AVIS GO.
'¦¦', ' WHOLESALE - PRODUCE .MERCHANTS...
324 DAVXS ST. . Teleplioti* Main 1737. :
| ROOMS V'AND -V BOARIV^-Conttnned^
| LEAVENWORTH, '30C-^Lafge' front . sunny
;".- room, suitable for 2. .with board; references.
MCALLISTER, ' 1097— Two ¦ large sunny rooms,
corner, with or without board.-.
O'FARRELL, 308— Furnished rooms; ' home
cooking; German family; $6 per week. '¦ •• —
POWELL. 317— Sunny front suite fer doctoyor
• dentist: 'also .other; furnished rooms. '-.'¦' -. • ¦-
SUNNY furnlehedi rooms., with board ; If re-
- quired. 2460 Mission it. - ¦ '
ROOMS ' AKi *>^_HOA HP \V AXTED.
MOTHER and daughter desire rooms In private
family In good location; references required
and given.-- , Box 3704, Call ¦ office. -*-.-•
_/ -ROOMS WAlfTED.; ; ;
RESPECTABLE lady. wishW unfurnished
room:- Richmond district preferred. Address
box 3710. ¦¦¦ Call ; office. - ' .'¦ • ' - : . ¦ '
WANTED— Furnished room with running wa-
ter; near Market.; Box 2802, Call office. ,
XKW^io^E^ie^lnT^MhineTthls weekonlV;
$10.. $15. $20: slightly used: needles 20e do»
NEW HOME g.' M.- CO. ¦ 1081 Market, st.
A— EMPORIUM Btorage _ Van Ca; furniture,
. household goods stored, moved,. shipped. 728-
731 Howard st.. nr. arhlrd ; phone Grant 16L
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage * Moving Co.. of-
ftce Post tad Powell Bts.; tel. Prive. Ex. 071.
CONKLIN'8 Storage— Furniture and merchan-
dUe. a33 Golden Oate ave.; phone Kast 126.
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made; 840
Ml-alon nt; tel. Howard Ml. F. W." Zehfuse.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany.' 2320 Flllmore st_; phone Jackson 281.
BEKIKS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel.: Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
MABBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses- were lssued,
yesterday: . ' . .. • : -. •¦ ' : . - ¦ : •
Frank M. Gorman. 21. 144 Predt* avenue,
and Catherine O'Brien. 18. 1322 Jessie street.
- Alfred Q. Jensen, 21. 3006 Legun* »treeC
and Pauline Jensen. 10, city. . -.
Charles Sedgwlck, 37, -424 Clementina street.
and Sarah E. Taylor, 22. 1223% Geary -treet,
Edmund Pelle.: 27. Wlnthrop, and Lottie V.
Nelson, 24, Galveston, Texas. .
Martin F.- Hart, 42, Westport. and Helen E.
Hart, 36,- Hueneme. - ' -'"-- • -- ' " " ". ." •
-Walter A. Smith,- 25,- 1010 Dolores street,
and Helen L. Smith. 19, 2500 Howard street.
Charles F. Dornbachr22, 707 Diamond atreet,
and Esther H. Olsen. 22, 145 Valley street.
Jean F. peray, 25, San Jose, and Marie
Mlrandette.-20.-510 Linden avenue. '¦"
Charles P. Walsh. 24. 240 Dore street, and
Lillian Rauschenbach. 18. 1704 Harrison Btreet.
Henry M.' Lewis, 28,-2834 Pine Btreet, and
Maude E. Getchell. 27. Des Molnes, Iowa. -
'Claus Petersen. 26, Annapolis, Cal.,. and
Olive M. Patchet. 21, Annapolis. Cal.
John Harwon. 38, 1104 Powell street, anil
Grace E. Monroe, 26. 1104 Powell street.-
Frank W. Laughlln, 34. Mark West. and'.P.'
Augusta 'Tlbbetta, 24, Santa Rosa. -
Weetley Reid. 20. 1620 Sacramento street,
and Edna M.LoveJoy. 21. 1548 Hyde street.
Ferdinand W. Westdahl, , 26, 1043 Howard
street, and Agnes M. Sullivan, .22, Oakland.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. |
- Birth; marriage and • death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at. either of the publication offices and 'be
indorsed with.' the name and , residence of per-
sons authorized . to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In* this column
free of ' charge. . - __ __- \~ > . .....
BORN.
DAHMKE — In this city, November 20, 1003, to
the wife of" George H. Dahmke, a daughter.
DOWNEY— In this city, December 1. 1003. to
the wife of Captain M.' Downey, a daughter.
DUMONT— In this city, November 27. 1903, to
the wife of Frank A. Dumont, a son.
FITZGIBBON— In this city, November 25, 1903,
to the wife: of Dr. James G. Fltzglbbon, a
daughter. > . v . • ;•:.-> .- • - -
FORD — In this city, November 27,1003, to the
- wife of Maxim Ford.«a eon.
GARDINER— In this city. November 30, .1903,
to' the wife of Henry H. Gardiner, a eon.
HILLMAN— In this city. November 28. 1003. to
the wife of Frank W. HUlman (nee Van
Duesen), a . son. - • ' • . '. .
HOULTBY— In this city. November 29, 1803,
to the wife of II. Houltby,' a daughter.
KAMENA— In Oakland.* November 27^1903, to
the wife of William T. Kamena, a son... .
MELVIN— In this city, November 24, 1903, to
the wife of Michael. J.Melvln, a son. /
MICHELS— In this city, November 16,' "1903, to
-the wife of Theo. H. Mlchels, -_. eon. '
NIMMO— In this city. November; 29. 1003.' to
the wife of George Nlmmo, a daughter.-
ROGERS — In this city. November ' 28," 1903, to
the wife of Myron 'Herbert; Rogers,, a. son.
SCHLOEMER— In', this .city, November '30,
1903, to the wife of John F. Kchloemer, a
eon. ¦ ¦-,-¦¦ ' ~ •,,'".-•¦.'.;
SEAWARD- In Oakland. November 9, 1903,
to the wife of Frank. H.- Seaward, a daugh-
ter. . ."•:.'.,
MABRIED. ~
ACKER— BROWN— In this city, December 5.
1903. .by the Rev,. John Stephens, Edward
Lee Acker and Cornelia M. •' Brown,' both . of
San Francisco.- • • • ¦'• : '
ADAMS— COBB — In this city, * November'r 29,
1903, by .the- Rev." Dr. John A." B. Wilson,
pastor of^Trlnlty Methodist, Episcopal Church, .
John Qulncy Adams and Velma Myrtle' Cobb,
v both of Oakland. , ' -
DONOVAN— BURNS— In thla city, November
. 28,, 1903. by the Rev. Father Collins, Daniel
: P. , Donovan and {Catherine G. Burns, both
of -San Francisco. . :"• ..... ¦ .- ;
LAUGHLIN— TIBBETTS— In thls. r city. De-
cember 6. 1003, by the Rev. William ' K.
Guthrle,' pastor of the '.First Presbyterian
Church, Frank W. Laughlln ' of Mark West
and Augusta Tlbbetts of Santa Rosa.
ROSS— JOSEPH— In this city, November. 247
1903,' by. the Rev." Father Newell, Joseph
N. Ho? 3 and - Genevievo M. Joseph, ; both , of
San Francisco. .-w» '..¦-•.- \--..\ ;
DIED. *
• Botsford, Fred Hi .Krower. Dollle
Clark, Brick P.' -- - Lessman, Hannah . .'
' Cohen, - Mme... Sophie ;<-Lubosch,. Louis '
Conla'n, Mary . / McCarthy, . Thcs.' F. ¦¦
Creelman, Robert ... . McPherson, Margaret
Dawson, Frederick . Megahan." Ambrose ' .
Dittmer, Frederick .- O'Connell, John • .0
Doyle, Jennie . Quinn, 'James J.-
Dubrow, Ernest .' , Roemer, Mrs. -Bertha
Dwy.er, M. J. ; -Rosenk, Dr. Gustav .
Ferguson, Henry E. • Schubert,; Emllle
. Foley, Joseph J. - Smithers,' "Eliza*
Gates, ¦ Agusta E. " Smyth, Elizabeth -
Geddes, Charles • ¦ Sullivan. Nellie : V. . .
¦ Harvey, Ernest E. ., Twomey, * Cromer E.
Herlot.- Edgar L. , : Wlegand. Clothilda ;
Hussey, Ellen /' ~ Young," ' Caroline J.
Kelly, Angelette- "¦. . . ' . \
BOTSFORD— In*, thla city."- December 4, ,1903.
Fred Herbert.' dearly- beloved., husband- of
Fannie Lawton Botsford, ' a native of Illinois,
aged 46 years.' ¦ ... - . . • ; .-
CLARK— In this city, December 6, 1903, Brick
Pomeroy. Clark, 'beloved son. of- the late Co-
lumbus and Mary Clark,- and beloved brother
of. Noble Clark, ; Mrs. Jennie Nurse, Mrs. D.
R. Bnyder, Mrs. T. ;H- Kimble and Mrs. S.
I. • Depew, a native of California, I aged v 02
.- years.' ¦ 7 ' '.¦'¦- : - -'¦'.. ¦¦"*• ' ¦ '. " ¦ •' " S
COHEN — In this city. December 4, 1903,' Mme.
Sophie Waldo w - Cohen, beloved . wife < of : the
late Samuel . 1 1. Cohen. - a native of London,
England, - aged ~ 89 : years 4 months <. and ¦ 9
'. days.-'-'- .-•; ': -.-.. - ¦.-¦ ' : .-.._ ..¦•...•....¦¦¦
' tCThe funeral will take \place .. Sunday,
December,- 6, at- 10 .o'clock, from "her late
residence, 1249 Clay, street.' Interment Hills
of Eternity Cemetery,- via the 11:30 o'clock
I train from Third and Townsend streets j depot.
-. Please : omit flowers.. ;»•¦'.-¦¦'"'• .
CONLAN — In ;thls "¦ city, ' : December / 5, --.1903/
Mary, beloved, wife { of .the late Patrick 'Con-
lan, mother of Raymond, Francis and Bessie
'•/ Conlan. and sister of Mrs.- Samuel McFadden,
a. native of County Sllgo,- Ireland.'. aged 30
¦ >'*¦__• ¦¦'•-¦ -'¦'¦ ''. ¦*¦"¦ •';' ¦•'¦ " ¦¦¦',' ¦' ' ¦'"> • " '¦' - • „ "¦ ¦ :
.-.(Cy Friends .are : Invited : to attend the ' fu-
neral to-morrow " (Monday), • at = 9 :15 o'clock,"
from the -. parlors of McFadden, ' McBrearty
& . Green. 1 1171 ' Mission • street, : thence to the I
Church of-; the Moat Holy; Redeemer, Eight- : !
tenth and Diamond streets,' where a requiem ;
high J mass will be celebrated 'for: the repose'
HENRY/ J. CALLACHER -CO.
(Successors ' to ' Flannagan & Gallagher.) ""¦-"¦•:
-• «« •-^DANIEL P." DONOVAN. ;Mgr. . '
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
.; 20 Fifth . st.; opposite : Lincoln - School. : '
¦:.•-¦• , .Telephone : South 80. . .' ,:> i >'.y;;
united undertakers;
Funeral ' Directors : and Embalmers. — '
: ».v ! Formeriy * In Metropolitan Temple.
Now at 866 MISSION, v Tel: South 167, : "
Between Fourth and Fifth," near. Fifth : st.
•. ¦ ¦ - Finest - Equipments at ¦ Moderate r Rates. ' ¦
F. J. MONAHAN, Manager. '.Tel. 'Mission Li. I
MONAHAN, O^HARA^- CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS VAND EMBALMER3.
£•39-2341 MiMion 'st..* rear. Nineteenth,
. ¦ ¦ '.V'. San Francisco. .'.' -, -¦ ¦ '::,: J
James McGinn/ . -: "; Henry. Hanseou.
\.; r i _> JAMES McGINN ; & i CO.. ; -
x 'Formerly s With McGinn 'Bros.. •
-r-Funer-l Directors ! and Embalmere.— — '
'¦ — . 214_Ert<ly «t.: Tel. South BT6. __-_
nooMs you houskkkki'im;— r->->.
McAI^LISTER. 1051, n^ar. f»cnhan_Ie — Nlcelj
fumtehed room. '
MCALLISTER. 1200. corner Steiner — 2»or 3
furniehed liousokM-plng roo/ne.
MrALLISTER, 139_— 3 nunny unfurnished car-
peted rooms; gas range; als) furnished room.
MINNA. 873. near Seventh — Sunny yard, kltch-
rn. U.rk parlor, complete ; large front roonw
for light housekeeping.
MISSION. 1212 — 2 or 3 nicely furnlfhed sunny
rooms; housekeeping; walking distance. -; - .
MISSION, 191T — Two or three sunny house-
kovptng rooms: large porch; gas or coal
range. ' C -) i' "
MISSION, 31R1 — Wanted, couple to take part
cf flat, unfurnished, or 2 or 3 rooms fur-
nished, for housekeeping: rent not over $15.
C&ii Monday and Tuesday.
MISSION. 2752. near Twenty-third— Large
front eunny bay-window room; water, grate;
with connettlnc: room; stove; complete for
housekeeping. ¦
MODEL HOUSE. 1200 Stockton— Newly fur-
niched rooms; also housekeeping; gas, bath.
MODEL HOUSE. 1 208 Stockton st.— Newly
furnished rooms, >5-|12; bath, gas, phone.
MYRTLE ave.. 517. near Oetavla, between
Geary and O'Farrell — 2 housekeeping front
rooms, furnlehcd, with ca» etove: *14.
NATOMA. 245— Housekeeping and stegle
rooms.
NATOMA, 645 — 2 large *unny rooms, furnished
complete for housekeeping; (11.
NIXTiir~J65^J~rarge rooms. furnUhed cotr.-
plete for housekeeping; gas rar.ge; private
family.
NINTH. 157—2 nice housekeeping rooms; price
f 15 oer month.
NINTH, ies— noozr- $2 and $2 50 per week;
gas and bath; Private family.
NINTH. 235 — Sunny suite of rooms for house-
keeping, with bath; rent reasonable.
NINETEENTH. 3475—2 nicely furnished front
roome for housekeeping; gas, bath.
XOE. 106, nr^r Fourteenth — 3 sunny furnished
rooms and bsth for housekeeping; rent cheap.
NOE. 481, corner Eighteenth — 2 handsome bay-
window roome, complete; gas range; $16.
OAK, 27 — One nice large front room, furnished
for light housekeeping; rent $12.
OAK. HSH— Nicely furnished, complete for
hciuBeketjji^; fvery convenience; $8 to $16;
adults.
OAK. 125 — Two nictly furnished basement
rooms lor housekeeping; $10.
OAK, 400 — Nicely furnished runny housekeep-
ing fult<\ with gas range; rent reasonable.
OAK. 436 — A larrc sunny alcove room, fur-
nished or unfurnished.
OAK GROVE. 10. off Harrison— Furnished and
unfurnished rooms for housekeeolnK.
O'FAKKELL, _t* — 3 nicely furnl5hed connect-
ing roora-; gas stove, running water; $5 per
week.
OFAItRELL, C27— Furnished or unfurnished
lower floor of three rooms and bath.
OFAKKELL. S«23— Nicely furnished rooms';
gingie. double or «i suite.
O'FARRELL. 1136— Nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms; connecting.
POLK, KM— Three funny connecting rooms;
bath, gas ran»e; furnished; private; refs.
POLK. 1«1K. near Geary— Neatly furnished
front housekeeping rooms: reasonable.
RITCH. 20. near FolBom— 2 sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
EtCSa. 176, bet. 6th and 7th— 3 rooms, front
parlor; gas stove, coal grate, closets; reas.
SACRAMENTO. 1719— Unfurnished parlor floor,
4 rooms; other rooms.
SACRAMENTO, 3O2C — 2 eunny housekeeping
roomt-. fura. complete; gas range, bath; $16.
SANCHEZ. 154, nr. Market— Unfurnished. 2
beautiful sunny bay-window rooms in elegant
new upper oorr.er Cat; vicinity Duboce Park;
use of kitchen." etc.; complete; private.
SCVETCTH. 178— Large eunny furnished front
housekeeping rooms; running water; balcony.
SEVENTEENTH. 3045. near Castro— Three
bf-autlful, desirable unfurnished rooms; no
children; rent reasonable.
SIXTH. 436*4— Furnished housekeeping rooms
to let: double; in private family; rent cheap.
SIXTEENTH, 3077, near Valencia— Two large
w connecting rooms for housekeeping; cheap.
SIXTEENTH. 3HB. near Valencia— 1 or 2 fur-
nished rooms, with kitchen; bath; reasonable.
SIXTH, 33Vj — Furnished sunny front suit; com-
plete for housekeeping; rent $11.
STEVENSON. 664 — 3 Funny rooms complete for
housekeeping; large back yard; $16.
SUTTER. S32B — Elegantly furnished suit of
room?, suitable for gentleman or light hskpg.
SUTTER. 951— Housekeeping rooms; two pleas-
ant eunny rooms; bath; gas range; reas.
SUTECR. 1105— Nicely furnished front bay-win-
dow room; running water, grate, closets: also
large rear room; convenient light bousekpg.
SUTTER. 18OR— 2 newly-tinted, unfurnished:
gas, run. water, batb. phone; private family.
SUTTER, 2372 — 2 or 3 housekeeping rooms;
sunny; convenient; furnished; reasonable.
TAYLOR, C4. corner Sutter— Sunny furnished
room for light housekeeping.
TAYLOR. 011 — 2 furniehed rooms; gas range,
coal etove. gink; $10. Phone Kate. 2064.
THE ANTLER?, 413 Turk— Modern houee-
kpg. apartments; 3, 4. 5 rms. ; fum, unfura..
THIRD. 17, near Examiner — 3, 4 or 5' neatly
furnished rooms to let; rent reasonable.
VAN NESS ave.. 706 — Sunny front basement
suite and kitchen; complete for housekeeping;
reasonable.
WEBSTER, 711 — 2 or 8 unfurnished or partly
furnished room*; every convenience.
APAKT-DCHT HOUSES.
MONTCLAIR APARTMENTS.
Corner Pine and Taylor sts.; beautiful new
modern apartments; all eunny corner suites;
furnished or unfurnished; none superior: ma-
rine view. LYON It HOAG, 116 Montgomery.
A^ THE WILLARD.
Turk st-. or. Gough; 2, 3, 4 rooms, furnished
or unfurnished, with private baths and mod-
ern conveniences; open for inspection 1 to 4,
also 912 Pine sL; phone Red 5436.
OCTAVIA, 1423. near Post — Elegantly fur-
nished 3-4 room apartments: most private and
¦elect In the city; private hall, bath: refs.
HADDON HALL,
851 EDDY ST. P.EFERENCES.
BOOMS TO LET— Furs, and Cafira.
X^ THE .AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
116 AND 117 EDDT ST.
115 AND 117 EDDY 8T.
MOST MODERN AND UP TO DATE HO-
TEI. DOWNTOWN; 160 ROOMS; 35 SUITS
WITH PRIVATE BATH; ELECTRIC
XJGHTS: ETEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT: TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM;
BUTTS WITH BATH. $1 60 to $2 50 PER
DAY: SINGLE ROOMS. 75c to $1; HOT
WATER DAY A>*D NIGHT. TELEPHONH
SOUTH 1041. .
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom ets. — New
house, new furniture; every room outside;
modern and sunny; prices* from $1 60 pei
week up; this Is the or.ly up-to-date houte la
this vicinity; flm-class grill attached.
A VERY sunny corner suite; handsomely fur-
nished; refined and elegant surroundings:
grand view; breakfast; single rooms and
batb. N. E. cor. Sutter and Leavenworth.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth «t. — Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AEHWORTH, 320 Macon et.. bet. Geary and
Poet — Suite and eingle rooms with or with-
out private bath; sun in rooms all day.
AT "The Almonte," P73 Market st. (cr No. 1
Fifth Bt.)— Hoc— ;«. 25c, 50c. $1, $1 60 night;
$1 SO to $10 week; house open all night.
ABBOTSFORD (The), cor. Broadway and Polk
— Quiet, homelik;; charges reas.; cars direct.
ACH ave., f>93 — Unfurnished front room, cloeet
and grate; carpet; $3.
BARCELONA. 797, O'Farrell st,— Sunny alcov<
rooms; gas grate; running water; reasonable.
BRYANT. 456 — Furnished room to let.
BRYANT. *TS — A furnished room to', let.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlrhed rooms, suite, eingle; also unfurnished.
BUEH. 1006. cor. Jones — Two sunny front
rooms; southern exposure; telephone In house,
BUSH. 102S — Sunny rooms for gentlemen.
BUEH. 1030— Private family; low rate for per-
manent roomer.
BUSH. 1341 — Sunny room; running water,
bath; one of two gentlemen.
BUEH, 1370 — Nice eunny rooms, newly fur-
nished; reasonable to gents; quiet; homelike
BUEH. 1412— Two, stngle furniehed rooms foi
gents.
BUEH , 1C33 — Handsomely furnished sunnj
roome; running water; bath; electric lUrhu,
Brtvau family; sew Cat; phone Larkta 2S30,
B^H?Tm^4^Sunny furnl»hed room cheap;
bath. - ¦
; BUSH. 1423C— Single room, suitable for gen-
¦ tleman. ' \ ' ¦
BUSH, 1424— Nice eunny furnished front room
to let. '" • ¦ ¦ - ; -
CALIFORNIA. 1252. near Jonce— Elegantly
i furnished parlors in newly furnished flat:
also other rooms; gas, bath; phone; must
be Been to be appreciated.
i CALIFORNIA, 126R. near Leavenworth— Tw o
I .furnished rooms to let; (5 sod $6.
CALIFORNIA. 1252. n?ar Jones— Elegantly fur-
nished parlors and other rooms In new sunny
upper flat: run. water, gas, bath, phone; refs.
CENTRAL ave.. 544 — An English lady has one
¦ or two nice rooms, euitable for a' quiet ample
• or friends; no children; light housekeeping
i permitted; reasonable. Call afternoon or eve.
1 CLIFFORD. 204 EI11«. corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
• CRAGBUnTT 1007 LARKIN
/ Sunny single; also housekeeping rooms.
DALE place, 8, off Ooldin Gate ave., near
< Hyde — Sunny front room, furnished.
DEVISADgRO. 820— Front room, bay window.
EDDT. 42J<— Fine front and back parlor; tlio
stngle room, suitable for two; no children;
references. Call In afternoon. - ,
EDDY. 511— Large synny room, all newly fur-
nished and papered;' hot and cold water; phone
and bath; either aleeplng-room or housekplng.
ELLIS. 711— Sunny outside rooms..
EDDY, 806 — Elerant front parlor suite; run-.,
nlng water; phone; close to town.
EDDY. W4 — Nicely Mr.; eunny rooms; suitable
for 1 or 2 gentlemen; >9 and >10.
EDDY. 872^ — 2 nicely f urnlBhed' rooms, double
or Eingle; rent reasonable; phone, bath.
EDDY. 013— Elegantly furnished euite of three
or four rooms, or single; every modern con-
venience; private: board optional; central.
ELLIS. 317— A large furnished room for one
or two men; price reasonable. - - -
ELLIS, 323 — Well furnished rooms for gentle^
men; bath, running water; gas; clesa In.
ELLIS. 477 — Comfortably furnished room and
bath; phone, gas. .... - ¦
ELLIS. 605— Sunny front room for two gentle-
j men; hot and cold water. _¦
ELLIS, 571 — Large sunny front room; sas,
bath. | ¦
ELLIS, 589— Pleasant eunny room for gentle-
man: private family. '
ELJAS. 611— Large and nicely furnished front
room fcr one or two' gentlemen. '
ELLIS, C13 — Nicely furnished front suit, suit-
able for two gentlemen^ '¦ ______'
ELLIS. C59 — Large sunny front bay-window
room" for two. -
| ELLIS. 6S3— Single front unfurnished room;
I running water. >
i ELLIS. 821— Elegantly furnished eunny rooms;
j quiet and clean.
ELLIS, S25 — Sunny, furnished front rooms .
ELLIS, 843— Large front parlor; bay window;
1 for 1 or 2. ¦
ELLIS, 0C9 — Two well-furnished rooms, double
and single; bath, phone; reasonable.
ELLIS. P11H — Large room; private family;
j housekeeping.
j ELLIS. 1010 — Nicely furnished front room;
; bath; gas; reasonable^ -: 'j. •.*-. .' ¦
I ELLIS. 1157— Large sunny room. • running wa-
ter; also single room, can accommodate two.
: ELLIS. 1161— Newly furnished eunny front
; rooms, suitable for two. "
! ELLIS, 1315A — Front and back parlor or hall
j room ; neatly furnished. ¦
ELLIS, 1457— Sunny room; running water and
very large room. .
! ELLIS, 1631— Nice comfortable room for a gen-
i tleman: running water; closet.
i ELLIS. 1023 — A neatly furnished' room fcr one
| or two centlemen. I
i ELLIS, 1002— Large sunny roome, with run- :
ning water and grate; other rooms; reas.
FELL, 222— One furnished room, private fam-
j ny. <6. * •
| FILLMORE, 1007. cor. McAllister— Handsomely
; furnished front rooms; single or en suite; for
gentlemen: *un all day; electricity and gas:
running water, telephone; all the comforts of
home; call from 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
FILLMORE, 1021— Sunny* suite; suitable for
1 or 2 gentlemen or couple; also single room.
I — — •
I FOLSOM, 1220 — Nice 1'ght roomr suitable for
j man and wife or two gectlemen.
i FOLSOM. 2873 — Mission warm belt; furnUhed
rooms. «1 75, 12 and *3 week; board optional.
J FRANKLIN, 225 — Sunny furnished room; no
I sign. - ¦¦¦'_
I GEARY. 1418— Nicely furnished room for gen-
tleman; grate; private family.
i GOLDEN GATE ave., 239. cor. Hyde — Sunny
furnished- corner room for one or two. .
1 GOLDEN GATE. 325 — Nicely furnished front
: bay-window room for-1 or 2 gentlemen: reas.
i GOLDEN GATE ave.. 847— Furnished rooms;
all conveniences; private; rent reasonable.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 50c
to II 50 night; »1 to 93 week; reading-room.
GRAND SOUTHERN, Seventh and Mission—
100 rooms; 35c to >1 50 night; 91 60 to >7 wk.
GREENWICH, 529. above Stockton— Furnished
i . room in private houtq. :
! GROVS 796 — Sunny bay-window room; rery
cheap; hot and cold water, etc.
GUERRERO. 6ST; phone Church 4346 — Two
pleasant sunny rooms, suite or single; run-
ning water, bath and phone. ' "
HAIGHT, 55 — Sunny rooms, reasonable; pri-
vate family; references. . ' .' •
HAIGHT, (55 — Sunny floor of 3 unfurnished
rooms; %-ery desirable; best location In city.
HAIGHT, 141 — Large aunny room; 1 or 2 gen-
tlemen; gas, bath; 'Private family. - .
HAIGHT, 403— Large elegantly furnished room
suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; walking dls-
tance. - ... ¦ '.
HAIGHT, Ml— Large sunny room for 1 or 2
persons ; gas, bath; reasonable. .
HAYES. 3S5 — Front hall room; large closet;
suitable for a lady; $« .
I
HAYES r B14B— A sunny front suite; 118.
HAIGHT. C09— Nicely furnlihed, large, front,
sunny room, suitable for 2; gas, bath; reas.
HOTEL PANTHEON. 462 Eddy st.. bet. Leav-
enworth and Hyde — Sunny 'rooms, single or
en suite; private baths; hot water; elevator;
meals served In rooms If desired.
HOTEL FRANCISCO— Elegant suites, single,
transient; baths. MRS.. KING, Turk and
Taylor ets. ' -
HOTEL St. Clement. 271 Fourth — New house;
elegant suites, single; elevator; electric lights.
HOWARD, 2283, near Nineteenth — A large un-
furntshed room; bath connecting; price 17.
HUGHES HOUSE, 214 Third— Newly reno-
; vated; 25c and 50c per night; fl 50 to $2 a
, week. . . ." ¦ .- ¦'...'
HYDE, 414 — Two nicely furnished eunny stngle
rooms; 91 and 98 per month, ¦ ' . •
HYDE. 707— Sunny bedroom; , private family;
reasara-ble. „ . -." , . •
HYDE. 709 — Nicely furnished room; private
family. • I ¦ ¦ "
HYDE, 619 — Two sunny ' front rooms, ea . eulte
or Klngle; private; reasonable. . • ¦ - ,'
1 HYDE. 1111. near Callfornla^Furnlshed rooms
put table for two; baths, phone; private. . •'
JACKSON. 1609— Two '' sunny rooms,' furnished ;
gas; reasonable. • > '. ¦ ,
JACKSON, 1615— A large sunny room; running
water, gas and bath. ¦ -v- ¦¦¦¦
JACKSON, 1619 — Large eunny room; hot and
; cold water; private family. -~ ' -;'. -
JESSIE, 363. east U. H. • Mint— Furnished
, rooms, $5 and 87; for 2, $9. - .'.
JONES, 840. near . Sutter — Handsomely •; fur-
nished rooms in a modern flat." ¦ ... ' '
JONES. 041, near Bush — Modern . sunny ¦ fur-
nished room for gentleman. In private family.
KEARNY. 10 — Large . parlor, furnished ; ' elec-
'. trie llchts, heat: seats .200; suitable for la-
dies' club lecture or physical culture. (even -
' LAGUNA and McAllister, St. James flat— Sun-
¦ . ny eingle, room.- . , . . ' _¦;.-- - . -. ¦ . ' ~-^--
LARKIN. 247— Sunny rooms to let; 9 1 50 to $3.
LARKIN, 804 — Sunny single , back . room, • suit-
able for rentleman;' $4 60 a month.. . „-;
LARKIN. Sl« B— Small. . light room- Urge. hall,
closet, liath and phone; reasonable. . ¦
. LARKIN, 1305 — Finely furnished rooms; gas;
bath. - . , . ¦¦¦.-;.'-.¦•;-- ¦ -¦-;-.- - .-.
LARKIN.'. 1427-^-Sunny room:' running ¦ water,
bath, closet; euitable . for 2;^ private. *;. v ',." v . .
1 LARKIN, 1537 — Large eunny room' for gentle-
men; reasonable. ¦
(C Friends and acquaintances are respect-
; fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mli-
elon street, between Seventh and Eighth,
-.thence to -St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
. Qulemmiii will be celebrated for th» repose
of her soul- at 0 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
KELLY— In this city, December 6, 1903, An-
Kclette Kelly, beloved mother of Edward K.
Kelly and j H. A. Kingsbury, and slater of
Eva Hrndrlcftson, a native of Massachu-
setts, agred 61 years 1 . month and 6 days.
(Massachusetts papegs . please copy.) -
' E7" Funeral strictly private. •-'
KROWER (nee 8CHOENFELD) — la I New
York. December 4. 1903. Dollle, beloved wife
of- Louis Krower,- daughter. of Mr. and Mrs.
2 William ' Schoenf eld of Denver. . Colo., and
sister of Josephine, Ben and Jerome Schoen-
f eld of San Francisco. ,
LESSMAN — Friends and acquaintances are re-
j rpectrully invited to attend the dedication
ceremonies of the monument for the - late
-Hannah Lessman (nee Pinto), In Hills of
, Eternity Cemetery on Sunday, December 0.
at 2 o'clock.
LUBOSCH— In this city, December. 4,-1003,
Louis, beloved husband of the late NathaHa
. Lubosch, and .father of .Albert,. Georee and
Melville Lubosch. Mrs. S. Label. Mrs. B.
Phillips, and the late Julius and William
Lubosch, a native of Prussia, aged 70 years
7 months and 1 day. ¦—
- KZ?'l~i ienda and acquaintances are respect-
- fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), -at- 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
McFadden, McBrearty . & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street. Interment' Salem Cemetery, .by
' 11:30 'O'clock, train from Third and Townsend
•streets.'*. ¦ . ~ .-"..''
MCCARTHY— In this . city. December 6. 1903,
Thomas Francis, dearly beloved son of Mich-
ael and Mamie McCarthy, and ' brother of
¦ Laurette, James, Joseph, Michael J. and
Maria McCarthy,. a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year and 8 months.
McPHERSON— In this city, December 5, 1003.
Margaret McPherson, beloved wife. of -Sam-
¦ - uel>G.- McPherson, mother of Samuel G. Mc-
Pherson Jr. -and Mrs. I Margaret- Whitman,
mother-in-law of the late; Henry Whitman,
and grandmother of the late Mrs. Dollle
¦ Whitman, Fenton, aged 70 .years. .--.'.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully. Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 82S . Union street.- Interment private
,;ln I Mount ./Olivet ' Cemetery, i Please ! omit
, flowers. ¦ . • . ¦ . . (
MEGAHAN— In- Oakland. December 5.' 1003,
Ambrose; M., beloved husband of Christina
W. Megahan, a native of Pennsylvania, aged
jg E>2' years. • '" '."' - : ... .. . • ? ¦
MEMBERS of S«quola Lodge No. 349, F. and
A. M., of. Oakland, and all . Master . Masons,
are requested to attend a called meeting of
¦ this lodge Monday, December 7,- at 2 o'clock.
Masonic Temple, for! the 'purpose of conduct-
3 ing 'the Masonic service at the Oakland Cre-
' 'matory'at 3 o'clock of~our. late brother, Am-
brose Megahan, : late of Alameda Lodge No.
1«7. F.i and A. M.. of Centervllle, Cal. G By
order.' of the W. M. f - / .
¦ ' . - P. F. STRUCKM AN. . Secretary. .
O'CONNELL— In this city, December 4. 1903.
- ' John, • beloved husband of Jennie O'Connell,
¦. father of Edmund O'Connell, and ' beloved
- ' brother; of .Mrs. McAvoy, Rev. T. CConnell
- - and .. Mrs. - J. ¦ Rlordan, a native of I County
Limerick, Ireland, aged 41 years 11 months
and-7 days. ,' . •'¦-, .' . !_• - . ¦. •
', CTFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully - invited ¦ to attend • the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock.- from his lato
residence. * 2S | Klssllng ' street,' thence to St.
'Joseph's Church -for services, commencing at
1 o'clock. ; Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PIONEER' Council No.' 1,' Young Men's, Insti-
! tute-^Of fleers . and members of the above
" council are hereby notified to attend I the ; f u-
neral of our late brother, John O'Connell. to-
day (Sunday), ' from the residence. .28 Kiss-
ling : street, at ¦ 12 :30 o'clock.- thence to St.
Joseph's '. Church. : ¦ Interment Holy Cross
Cem'etery. ¦ Fines for non-attendance. .j~.'~.
. - _, E. C. CURTIS, President. '
ROBERT. TfoBIN. Secretary. s '
LEO Assembly. No. 4, Toung '. Men's - Catholic
Union— Officers and members ¦ of the above
I assembly are hereby notified 1 to '¦ attend the
funeral of our late brother, John E. O" Con-
. C_7" Interment at Vacavllle. Cal.
HUSSEY— In this city. December 4, 1903,
Ellen -Hussey. wife of Michael Hueaey. and
mother of J. M.. H. F., -' J. P.. Delia.A..
~ Nora""E.. W. "L. and Eva G. ¦ Hu-sey and
Mrs.'T. J. Lawien, a native of County Roe-
common, . Ireland, aged 60 years 5 months
and 11 days. - . . .. ,
CT Funeral services will be held at 1:30
o'clock Sunday, December 6, at Westminster
. Church, . corner. Page and Webster streets.
. ; Interment private. ' t
HARVEY— In Phoenix. Arizona Territory. De-
cember 1 5, 1903, Ernest E. Harvey, beloved
son of Captain Lewis P. Harvey, stepson of
Mary Larue Harvey, and brother of I* . P.
Harvey Jr., a native of San Francisco, aged
' 18 years 7 months and 8 days, . .
HERIOT— In- this city. December 8, 1003. Ed-
. gar L., beloved husband of Clara C. Hertot,
and father of Richard H. Herlot, * a native
ot - South Carolina, aged 78 - years and 10
days. - • - . . ; r • .%
' ff^" Friends . and I acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
December 6, 1903, at 1 o'clock, from her late
residence on Seminary avenue, near East
. Fourteenth, street, Frultvale. . Interment
Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland. :.
OEDDES— In this city. December 8, 1903,
Charles, beloved husband of Sarah Geddes,
¦ and father of Mrs. 8. - E. Thomson. Mrs. H.
F. Cheldon and Grace Adalalde Geddes, a
- native of Halifax, Nova Scotia, aged 83
years. . - .i r VJi'.' ,_'. ".. '. -.\'.-~-
|E-r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late
.residence, 12 Geneva street, „ between Sixth
and Seventh,' Bran nan and'Townsend. thence
to St. Rose's Church for services at 1 o'clock.
, Interment Holy. Cross Cemetery.
DUBROW— In Sausallto, - December 6, 1903.
- Ernest, eldest ¦• and 'dearly beloved son of
Fred and Katie Dubrow, . and brother of Ar-
- thur ' Dubrow,- a native of ' San v Francisco,
aged 12 years 8 months 1 and 10 days.
DWYER— Month's mlrid requiem mass for -the
repose of the soul of the late M. J. Dwyer
Monday/ -at 7:30 o'clock, 'at St. 'Charles
Church, Eighteenth 'and' Shot well streets.
Friends add ' acquaintances are Invited to at-
tend. , . . .
FERGUSON— In this city. December 8. 1903,
' - Henry Ktnlle, ¦ beloved - husband -'of - Llsettc
. Ferguson, a - native of ' West Virginia, aged
40 yeara 2 months and 11 days.
'B_7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited - to attend the . funeral service!
Sunday. December 6, 1003, at 1 o'clock, at
• the ' mortuary chapel of Julius S. Godeau, 805
- Montgomery avenue.
FOLEY— In Phoenix. Aria.. December 2. 1903.
Joseph J.. beloved husband of Mary E.
. Foley, : a native of Fall River, . Mass., aged
83 years. ...
:__T Notice of funeral hereafter. : :.'.;.-
OATESrrln this city, December 4, 1903, Agus-
ta Elmlra, beloved wife -of -Edmund Gates.
. and, mother of Mrs. R. G. Hamilton and EI-
wln W., Harold and Leslie Gates, a native of
-New. York, aged 54 years 8 months and 7
: , days... / .. ¦ .... ; . .. 4 . ¦¦ .- ¦- :.
.'. • ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late reil-
dence, 820 Hampshire street, . between Tw*n-
. tleth and - Twenty-flrst. Interment •. Mount
Olivet • Cemetery. •'.' ..' . ¦ •'
DOYLE— In' this city, December 3, 1003, Jen-
¦ nle.^ beloved '.wife of Thomas P. Doyle, lov-
.. Ing mother of Josephine, Annie C, Florence
G. and Francis T. Doyle,- and lov.'ng sister
' of Mrs.- James King and Martin F. Daly, a
native, cf New Ross, , County Wexford. Ire-
land, aged 30 years 10 months and 6 days.
. of her ' soul 'at ' 10" o'clock. .Interment. Holy
Cross -Cemetery. ¦: 'I -:Cl -"';"¦' - .' . fc - '" ¦'¦
CREELMAN— In -Los Angeles.. December 4.
1903. Robert Creelman. beloved* husband of
/Marion Creelman, aged 20. years; >-¦ --.:"-;•
DAWSON— In this city, - December • 6. • 1903,
; Frederick/ beloved and : only child ' of Fred-
- erlck and - Ellen Dawson, a native of San
Francisco, aged 5 days.- ';*."•• ,
DITTMER— In this ' city, " December ; 3. 1003.
• Frederick, 'beloved * husband of Meta : Ditt-
mer. father of Mrs. Katie Stebke and Her-
man " Dittmer, . brother of J.:H. '• Fruedenthal,
¦ and grandfather of- Alfred and Clara Slebke,
' a- native of Hanover, Germany, aged - €0
T^ years 3 months and 10 days.- A" member, of
I Polar Star Lodge No. 3027, Knights of
i Honor, and United '. Brotherhood of Carpen-
[ . ters and Joiners of America. Local union No.
' 1082. ",
nell. Sunday, December 6. from his late resl-
' dence, 28 Kissllng atreet. at 12:30 o'clock,
thence to St. Joseph's Church at 1 o'clock.
Members of .the . Gentlemen's: Sodality will
pkab-e attend house ofHce.at residence Sun-
1 day '. morning, at .10:30 o'clock. - ' Yours fra-
' ternally.' JAMES CALLAN. Pres.. Colma.
.JOHN T. BURNS.-Hec:. Sec, 10* Hoffman
avenue. . . . ¦
QUINN— In this city, December 5. 19C3, James
Joseph Qutnn, beloved son of Thomas Qulnn.
and brother of -Thomas Qulnn Jr. and Mrs.
, C. Curtis, a -native of. San Francisco, aged
25 years 1 month and 24 days.
. E7No*.lce of funeral hereafter.
ROEMER— In East Oakland. Decembers. 10O4,
Mrs. Bertha. Roemer. a native of Germany,
aged 70 years 8 months and 14 .days.
• B_TFrlend» and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her son, George H. Roemer,. 14_B Thirteenth
avenue. East Oakland. .'
RO8ENK— In Oakland. Decembc* 3. UW3. Dr.
Gustav Rosenk. a native of Germany, aged
88 years and I) months.-^ »^ > ->
ICT Friends and acquaintances' are respect-
fully invited to attend the tuneral aervices
Tuesday, December 8..10O3Yat 1 o'clock, at
his late residence. 410 Seventh street, Oak-
land. Interment private.
SCHUBERT— In this city, December 5. 1903.
Emllle Schubert, relict of the late Charles
Schubert, and mother of Paul and the late
Ernst Schubert, a native of Suggart. Wur-
temberg. Germany, aged 86 years.
J_7"FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Monday), at 1 :30 o'clock, - from ¦ her late
residence, 2164 Fifteenth street. Interment
I. O. O. F., Cemetery.
SMITHERS— In this city. December 4. 1903.
Eliza Smlthers.* a native of Ireland, aged
85 years. .
SMYTH— In this city. December 5. 1003. Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of John Smyth, and
¦ mother of John, William, Margaret and Dr.
J. W. Smyth. Mrs. J. G«ary and the late
Mary E. and George P.. Smyth, a native of
Ireland, aged 68 yean 11 months and 11
days.
S-TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 0 o'clock, from her late rest-
. dence, 1002 Ellis street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, . Oakland, by 11 o'clock
creek boat.
SULLIVAN— In this city, December 5. 1903,
Nellie V.. dearly* beloved daughter of Cath-
erine and - the late ' Jeremiah H. Sullivan,
and loving sister of Katie F. and Thomas
H. Sullivan, a native of San Francisco, aged
24 years.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 0' o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, '.216 '.Twenty-eighth street, thence to
St. • Paul's ' Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repoea of
her soul at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. •
TWOMEY— In Oakland, December 4, 1903. Cro-
mer Edwin Twomey, dearly beloved son of
C. J. and Sadie Twomey, a native of Oak-
land, aged 4 years and 10 months.
C7Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
December 6. 1003. at 2 o'clock, from the
parents' residence. 567 Telegraph avenue,
thence to St. Francis de Sales Church, where
services will be held at 2:30 o'clock. In-
terment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
WIEGAND — In this city. December 5. 1003. at
the residence of her stepfather. Adam Neu-
man, 2610 Bryant avenue, between Twenty-
fourth, and Twenty-fifth streets, Clothilda
E. Wieirand, dearly beloved wife of Eugene
A. Wlegand, beloved mother of Clothilda
and Eugene Wlegand Jr., daughter of Mrs.
Adam Neuman, and stepsister of Adam and
Philip Neuman and Mrs. T. F. A. Ober-
. meyer, . a native of Japan, aged 27 years 8
months and 18 days.
YOUNG — Entered Into rest, in this city, De-
cember 5. 1903. Caroline J. Young, a native
of County Roscommon, Ireland, aged 83
years and 1 month. ¦
E7Frtenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, at St.
Ann's Chapel, Episcopal Old Ladles' Home,
2116 Golden Gate avenue. Interment Cypress
. Lawn Cemetery. . , .Crook Being Cleaned Up.
The work of preparing thw army transpor
Crook for service. M» progressing rasldly. aw
before the end of this week Major Devon wll
have this extra, trooper ready ror anything tin
War Department might want. . . ; :
"The situation in Wheat is somewhat nux
alfng. We have advanced In this market about
6%c from the low point and Liverpool has ad
vanced about 2»4c during the same time This
indicates a great difference from our domestic
situation. The Argentine harvest is proceed
ing under favorable conditions and -It la re
ported that Agentlne Wheat Is being offered
freely, at a material 'reduction from our price*
The world 1 * shipments for the week are again
predicted . as liberal at somewhat - In : excess ' ot
current . requirement*. On the : whole, the do
mestic situation has some . very • strong feat
ure*. . The available . , stocks ;•¦.- are probably
smaller than In any year in the recent past
except one. and that year,very ; high prices
followed.' "Northwest advices indicate that the
movement from first hands Is materially de
creasing, ¦> With, anything .lik#: * normal- ex
port demand. It seems not Improbable that we
iWHEAT— Foreign advices contained nothing
new of Importance. ;
The* Chicago letter of Bolton, De Ruyter &
Co. said: I'-'-
Wheat and Other Grains.
- The fruit market . was devoid of feature, and
although, the extra demand for Sunday caused
a little more. : activity. In some lines " prices had
but little ; Quotable variance. A: majority of
the traile reported; the'Apple market- more,* or
less '- weak and i In ) some Instances prices ¦ were
shaded In order to effect sales. Winter Nellis
Pears ruled firm under llmltea supplies, white
Quinces, | Pomegranates and Persimmons were
quiet at unchanged rates. Firmer prices ruled
for choice * offerings of. Grapes ' In crates, 'but
as there was much. old. stock pn -the market
the 'quotations had ' a wide range. ••; Receipts
of -Strawberries i • . were light' • • and consisted
chiefly of poor -! and green - stock, r which : sold
slowly: at easier 'prices. Receipts of Rasp
berries '¦ were . about -. equal to • the • demand' and
prices were. unchanged. . £'.'
•. ¦¦¦. The cool * weather , had » a depressing effect
on the market: for Citrus fruits and trade was
of, a . very-* light' jobbing -character. ; 'Oranges
are still moving .slowly as -• the t f rul». • Is mostly
green '; and" lacks " sweet'ness. Ripe Bananas
continue firm ..' and extra - large ' bunches ' are
\Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Silver has done more ' fluctuating during the
past few weeks than for. a long time. It was
%c higher yesterday, as will be seen. Ex
change rates . remained unchanged. '
Sterling 'Exchange, sixty days.... — . $4 go%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 84%
Sterling Exchanse, cables........ — 4 gsu
New • York Exchange, sight. . . . . . — 05 ¦¦
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 07%
Silver, per ounce — &$%
Mexican Dollars ...........;— 44.
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Arrivals of ranch Eggs continue light ' and
go out of first hands as soon us Landed. Deal
ers are content to have quotations where th;y
are and- are . making no attempt to • advance
prices." The public^ are- still running' chiefly
on -Eastern and cold- storatre" stock. ' ¦ ¦ •
Receipts were 36,300 > lbs Butter, 660 cases
Ergs and 8200 lbs Cheese. ' " ; ¦ .
BUTTER— Creamery. 27%@20c for: extras,
and 25@26c for seconds;, dairy. 18©24c; store
Butter, . 17%c; cold-, storage,-. 24if 26c; East
ern. 23®25c per lb. , -¦ -¦
CHEESE — 12@12%c for vhe general market.
13c : for : select mild new and ll@ll%c for
lower grades; Young Americas. 13@14c; East
ern. 15%©16%c; Western. 14015c Der lb.'; ;
EGGS — Ranch. . 50@S2c for choice and 43®
48c for -small and- mixed colors;" store, nom
inal; cold storage. 2SS32%c; Eastern, 26@28«
for cold storage. .
The week closed on a depressed Butter mar
ket. There was no further decline, but the
market was extremely dull, • the, lower grades
being almost Immovable.
There is nothing' new In the Cheese situa
tion. :¦•• •••¦.-. .-•...; < • ' : . . •
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
WASHINGTON,
' TACOMA, Dec. 5.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
bluestem, SOc; club, : 76c
PORTLAND, Dec, 5.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 72c; bluestem, 77c; valley, ¦ 7S@80c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
EVAPORATED 'APPLES— Showed no mate
rial change either in prices or general trade
conditions as recently reported. Common. 40
e^'Vc 3 ** >/iC: 6 **' 8%©oac: fancy,
'PRUNEP— Are in light eu'pply, but "the de
mand was light and the tone steady at prices
*">>£** t™* 2 %- to «%c for all grades.
APRICOTS— Are moving tlowly at »«fO%c
f°r choice. 98iC10iic for extra .choice, and 110
WOOL^-Flnn. Domestic fleece. 28©32c
COFFEE— Spot Rio. steady; No. 7 Invoice,
69ic: mild, firm: Cordova, 7fi©12Wc coffee
futures closed steady, net . unchanged to 5
points lower. Bales were 104,950 bags. Includ
ing: December. 6.3006.35c: January. 6.35®
6.45c; February. 3.50c; March, 6.C03«.70c-
April, e.SOc; May, 6.65c; September. 7.50c; Oc
tober. 7.30e; November. 7.30®7.35c,
SUGAR— Raw. nominal; fair refined. 3 ll-16e:
centrifugal. 9tf test. 3 Il-16c; molasses sugar.
3 l5-w»2c: r*flned. nrm; No. C. 4.05c; No 7 4c*
ri% 8 <£,J?" 9 v : N «- f v. 390c: No - J0 - 3.85c;' Nor.
11. 3.60c; No. 12, 3.75c; No. 13. 3.70c; No. 14,
3.65c; confectioners' A. 4.30c; mould A. 4.70c:
cut loaf. 5.05c; crushed, 5.05c; powdered. 4.55c;
granulated. 4.45c; cubes. 4.70c. " "^"^ '
DRIED FRUITS.
WHEAT— Receipts. 7500 bushels; * exports.
t'6.200 bushels. Spot, steady; No. 2 red. iH)%c
elevator; No. 2 red. Olftc f. o. b. afloat;' No. 1
Northern Duluth, 94%i: f. o. b. afloat; 'No. 1
hard Manitoba, nominal, f. o. b. afloat. AH
things considered, wheat in New York was very
sttady early. At times the prices fell off with
we&knezs, but It rallied persistently on room
covering and the email stocks here. The close
was dull and easy. Influenced by a bearish pri
vate crop report. Larttprices showed a partial
l%c net decline. May, fc5%@68 l-16c, closed
85«ic; July. 82%eS2%c. closed S2?gc; Decem
ber. SO 5-10@01%c. cloeed 91c.
HOPS — Steady. State, common to choice
1003. 24©32c; 1902. 21®25c; olds, 9@12c- PaZ
cine Coast. 1003. lS®27c; 1902. 21@25%c; olds.
9012c. " "
HIDES— Steady. California, 21 to 25 pounds
19c. .-¦< ijfi|imaHMBwM^»&ai
NEW YORK. Dec. . 5.— FLOUR— Receipts,
27.200 barrels: exports, 18.200 barrels. Contin
ued firm and held higher. Winter patents," $4 35;
winter straights. $404 10; Minnesota patents,
$4 !",.". Ji4 75: winter extras, $3@3 35; Minnesota
bakers', $3 7033 ?5; winter low grades, $2 S0<3>
3 15. - u '
New York Grain and Produce.
SEATTLE. Dec. 6.— Clearings, S637.190;
balance*. 1118,789. ' ' Wff-CVfe
TA COM A.'. Dec. 5.— Clearings. $244,951; bal
ances. $34,862. ¦ ¦¦-¦.
PORTLAND, Deo. B.— Clearings, $533,036;
balances, $55,350.
SPOKANE. Dec. 8.— Clearings, ' $350,(500;
balances, $30,000. , : v'b
Northern Business.
United States District Attorney Wood
worth yesterday filed complaint ia the
United States Circuit Court on behalf
of the United States of America
against the New York Dredging Com
pany. John MeMullen and R. Percy
Wright to recover $37,333 02 damages
alleged to have been sustained by the
Government by reason of the failure of
the defendants to comply with the
terms of a contract dated October 25.
1897, to dredge the channel' in front- of
the United States naval station at Port
Royal, S. C. .
The complaint alleges that 'the con
tract price at which the ' work was
awarded to \ the defendants - w«i
$57,333 02, but that by reason of their
failure to undertake the work the Gov
ernment was obliged to pay $25,333 02
additional. It therefore demands this
sum, plus $31,750 as liquidated damages,
making the total of $37,338 02.
The management of the case has
been placed in the hands of First As
sistant United States District Attorney
Edward J. Banning.
Government Demands .f 57,338 02
From McMullen & Wright for Al
leged Breach of Contract. . . r ¦
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Sales. High. Low. Close
Atchison 12.400 68 67% 67%
Do pfd 300 92% 02 91%
Bait. & Ohio 6,945 78% 78 78%
Do pfd ' 219 87%. 87% 87
Canadian P«c 1,400 118% 117& 117%
Cantral of N J 158
Ches & Ohio 1,620 32% 31% 31%
Chicago & Alton .. 600 34% 34 «4%
Do pfd 100 70% 70% 70%
Chicago Gt W 1,600 16 15% " 15%
Do B pfd 27%
Chicago & N W.... 210 167% ie3 167
Chi Ter ft Tran ..... 9%
Do pfd 18ii
C C C 4 St Louis.. 200 74% 74 7S%
Col Southern 1,200 14% 14 • 13%
Do let pfd £25 64% 64% 64%
Do 2d pfd 300 22% 22 22
Del. & Hudson .... 100 169^i 167U 158V
Del, L A West 241%
Denver *RG 21%
x*> pfd ioo 60 ea" es
Erie 8.100 28U 276t 27*1
fDo let pfd 5,700 C7% €7% 67%
Do 2d pfd 540 49% 49U 49ti
Ct Northern pfd *.„* jJo'
Hocking Valley 73
Do pfd R3
Illinois Central .. 555 130% 129T4 129U
Iowa Central 21 •
Do pfd 39
Kan City Southern I9«
Do pfd 35*?
Loul« A Nash 3.400 lOOVJ 106% 105%
Manhattan L 2.200 141% 140« 141
Metropolitan 8t n.. 2.1W 121% 119*; 120U
Minn tt Bt Louis ..... sJj *
Missouri PacISc .. 12,975 92% 91 »i fi2U
Missouri. K & T.. 300 17% 17U 171I
4 »OPM 500 S>£ 33 8S«?
Nat R R of M Pfd 37*
N*w York Central 1.200 118% 117*4 1I7T4
Norfolk A Western 700 87 % 67% 07 u
Do pfd .. 87
Ontario & Western. 1,800 21% 21 U 21 u
Pennsylvania B6.300 Us 116% 117 /
PCCtStlWllt.. ICO 62 62 6ISJ
Reading 11.880 UM 43% 431!
Do I'} P« 100 77% 77%* 77%
Do 2d pfd 60
Bock Wand Co.... 20,600 26 25«i »3s;
I» pfd 200 «% ei«J 61
6t L & 6 F 1st pfd ..... ..... 60
Do 2d pfd 200 45% 45 45U
Bt Louis 6 W J52
Do pfd 300 32% 32% 32U
£t Paul 9,*50 1413| 141 141%
Do pfd 172
Southern Paciflc .. 6.025 46% 45% 46
Southern . Railway. 2,800 20% 20U 20*
Do pfd 200 7R*i 78% 78%
Texas A Pacific .. 2,200 24 s ; 24% - 24 U
Toledo, 6t L. & W. . 100 21% 21% 21%
Do pfd ......... 415 .".4 3414 .1414
Union Pacific 18.725 76% 75$J 76U
Do pfd , ..... 85%
¦yrabash 300 20 20 20%
Do pfd 2,125 86% 36 . S6H
Wheeling A L IMe 150 16% 16% 1«
"Wisconsin Central.. 450 17% 16% 16%
•Wis Cent pfd 200 3T%' 37% 87% •
DBEDGINQ COMPANY SUED
FOR HEAVY DAMAGES
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 5.— Cotton futures closed
steady, net 4 points lower, to 4 points higher.
Loans $SS2,002.300. Increase $1,163,600; de
posits $842,900,400. increase $1,348,400; circula
tion $46,058,600, Increase $21,600; legal tenders
$85,418,800. Increase $1,140,800; epecle. $151,
C11.600. decrease $620,600; reserve $217,030,400,
Increase $517,200; reserve required 5210,725,100,
Increase $337,100; surplus $0,305,300, increase
$180,100; ex-United States deposits $15,505,575,
Increase $177,950.
NEW YORK. Dec. 6. — The htatement of
averages of the clearing-house banks of this
city for the week shows: . .
'Associated Banks' Statement.
ST. LOUIS, Moi, Dec. 5.— Wool, steady, but
with a lower tendency. Medium grades, comb-
Ing and clothing. 17@21%c; light fine. 15Jjl7%c;
heavy fine, 12&14c; tub washed, 20@31c.
St. Louts Wool Market.
. SUGAR — The— Western Sugar Refining: Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A i Crushed and Fine Crushed. ¦ 6.65c;
Powdered, C.60c ; Candy Granulated, 3.50c;. Dry
Granulated,- fine, 5.40c; Dry Granulated, coarse,
5.40c; Fruit Granulated. - 6.40c; Beef Granu
lated I (100-lb bags only).- 5.20c; Confectioners'
A. 5.40c: Magnolia A, 6c; Extra -C. ,4.90c;
Golden C, 4.80e: *'D,'V 4.70c ;¦ barrels. 10c* more;
half -barrels, 25c more:, boxes, 60c more; 60>lb
bags. 10c more fof all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. 5.90c; boxes. 6.15c: H.<£ E. Crystal
Domlnos. 8.40c per lb. , No orders taken for
less than neventy-flvp barrels or Us equivalent.
COFFEE — C.' E. Bickford's circular give*
the receipts. at this port. thus far this year at
242.748 bags, against 109.831 bags during the
same period last • year. ' The - sales from ¦first
hands were 244.300 bags, against 1DS.587. ¦ The
stock in first hands December " 1 was 23,605
bags,'- against > 16,571 last 1 year. The 'world's
visible supply December 1 was 1S.8.JS.131 baps,
against 13.217.901. ¦ The circular sa^s: 'The
New. York Coffee market remained quite steady
following : the : Issue of our ' last - circular ' and
only a moderate business had been ¦ transacted
locally (owing, principally -to 'the scarcity of
desirable 'grades) up to a week ago, Hrhen th«
New York market began the advance amount
ing during the week to %o on,No,.7 Rio and
%c on No. • 4 Santos^ , Sales on the '. New York
Exchange have ¦ aggregated ', over one • million
bags in the same time. The: excited condition
there has naturally affected the local market
and - has .permitted .; active trading; between
second-band . holders, l some of . the , dealers ". not
having i faith \ in* the • present advance' and will
ing -to accept slight profits when obtainable.
This * market . " Is , almost bare : of low .. grade
coffees," as 'well an all desirable grades." Buy
ers in many directions are in need of the finer
qualities ¦ and nave been - at times i forced ' to
BAGS — Grain Bags, 6®5%c: . San Quentln,
6.65c: Wool Bags?, 32@35c; Fleece Twine, 7V>9
8c; Cotton Fruit Bags. 6%c. 6%c and 7&c for
the - three - grades : Brown Jute. 6%@7%c.
COAL — Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $S; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant. $0 60; Bea
ver Hill. $5 50; Standard. $7; Rosl/n. $7; Coos
Bay. $5 50; Greta. $7; Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond. $7 50; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and
$14 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 60; Cannel. $8 50 per ton; Coke. $11 500
13 per ton In bulk . and " $15 In sacks: Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per. 2000 lbs and
$12>80 per • Ions ton. according to brand. -:
* OILS — Quotations are for barrels; tor cases,
add 5c. Linseed. '45c per gallon for boiled and
43c for raw; Castor Oil, In cases. : No. I.. 70c; !
Bakers' AA, $1 10@l 12: Lucol. 44c for boiled i
and 42c for raw; China Nut. 55®70c per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil. In barrels. 68c for Ceylon and 53c
for Australian;- extra bleached- winter Sperm
OH, 80c; natural winter 8perm OH, 75c; extra
bleached winter W'hale Oil, 63c; natural Whale
Oll,"'fi0c; extra winter Strained Lard Oil, 85c;
No. 1 Lard Oil, 75c; pure Neatsfoot Oil,* 75c;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 65c; light Herring Oil,:
45c; dark Herring Oil. 43c; Salmqn , Oil. 88c;
boiled Fish Oil. 40c; raw Fish/OU. 38c; boiled
Faint Oil, J$5c; raw. Paint OIL 33c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal On in bulk.
15%c;- Pearl Oil In cases, 22c; Astral. 22c;'
Star. 22c; Extra «tar; 26c; Elaine, 28c; Eocene.*
25c; deodorized fatove Gasoline. In bulk, 17c: |
in rases. 23%c; Benzine, in bulk, l.Jc; In cases '
19'ic; SO-desree Gasoline. In bulk, 21c; In
cases, 27%c. , . ,
TURPENTINE— SOc per gallon In cases and
74c In- drums and iron barrels. ' v ¦-¦¦.
RElf AND WHITE, LEAD— Red Lead. 6%©
7c. per : lb: White Lead, 6%©7c,: according, to
quantity. ¦• . ; • . ,
General Merchandise.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys 27(?Z2Sc per lb;
live Turkeys, 21 @23c per lb; Geese per 'pair,
$1 75@2; GoMlngc. $2sJ2 25; Ducks, *$5®6 -per
dozen for. old- and $(5@7 for young: Hens, ?5@
5 5)0 for small and $tiii.(i 50 for. large; young
Roosters., ¦ $5®6 60; old Roosters, $5@3 50:
Fryers, 5@5 50;. Broilers. $4 6005 for large and
$3 50@4 for small; Pigeons, $1@1 25 per dozen
for old and$2<gi2 25 for Squabs. , \
¦ GAME — Mallard .Ducks, $HiT> 50 per dozen-
Canvanback, $4<EfO; Sprig, $304 50; Teal, $3;
Widgeon. $2 C0(g3; ; . small . . Ducks, $2-
Gray Geese, $3@3 50: White Geese. $1@1 50-
Brant, $1 50 for small and $2 50 for large;
Honkers.*$5 for large and $4 for small; Eng
lish Snipe, .$3: common Snipe- $1 75; Wild
Doves,* $1;« Rabbits. $2 for Cottontails and
$1 60 for Brush; Hare, $1 60. ' ¦'.¦-¦
Game closed the week firm, with the market
well cleaned up.' and prices of several descrip
tions were hl~her.
Trade In Poultry was quiet, as retailers were
well suoplied and with the exception of Tur
keys all descriptions of. livestock closed weak
with a considerable quantity still in Erst hands.
During the week seven cars of Western were
marketed and the receipts of domestic stock
were quite : heavy. Dressed Turkeys were
firmer yesterday under ¦ small supplies, only
four cases being received. •-
Poultry and Game.
NEW YORK, Dec. 5. — Total Imports of dry
goods and merchandise at the port of New
York for the week ending to-day were $10,
640.643. Imports of specie for the week were
$61,650 In silver and $24,081,798 In gold.
Exports of specie' from this port for the week
were $486,875 in silver and $113,632 In gold.
Exports and Imports.
The pressure has risen slowly over the coast
during the lazt 24 hours. A ctagnant hlzh
overlies the western half of the country, and
¦with the execution of light showers at Ta
tooeh Island. Port Crescent ar.d S**.ttle no rain
has fallen in the western half of the United
States.
North winds prevail generally In California.
Light to heavy frosts have occurred in the
interior cf the State and are likely to occur
again Sunday morning.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight. December 6:
Northern California — Fair Sunday: light to
heavy frosts in the interior; light north winds.
Southern California — Fair Sunday; light
frosts in the interior; light northerly winds
changing to westerlv.
Nevada — Fair Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Sunday;
light northeasterly winds.
A. O. McADIE. District Forecaster.
FORECAST
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
NEW YORK, Dec. 5. — Thef metal market
maintained a fair degree of strength to-day, al
though tba actual business reported was light.
Iron ruled quiet at nominally unchanged
prices.
Spot tin, 25.S0S26C.
Copper, nulet and unchanged;, lake, 122
12.37%c: electrolytic, 12.12%c and casting 12c.
Spelter, dull with an easier tone; spot, 5.25c.
Lead, unchanged at 4.25c.
New York Metal Market.
Sperry Flour Company
Standard Electric ". ' ......'
Tesla Coal Co ..... ; 32 50
Truckee Electric •.
Union Sugar ..... ......
United Gas and Electric.
OFFICIAL SALES.
. Mornlns Session.
1000 Occidental Oil 13"
2OO Sovereign Oil 3»
20OO Oil City Petroleum 24
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHAN1B.
Following were the sales on the Saa Fran
cisco Stock Exchange yesterday:
Mcrnl££ Session.
, 3C0 Andes 22 800 Mexican 1 15
200 Belcher 27 200 Occidental ... 4rt
300 Chollar 15 2C0 Occidental ... 45
300 Con Cal & V.I 20 200 Ophir 2 Si
300 Con NY 19 100 Potost 25
100 Crown Point.. 20 800 Savage 4S
100 Halo & Norc. 4!> 20O Sierra Nev... 55
J300 Justice 14 I 300 Union Con. . . . $.!
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes 21, :u*) Mexican ...1 J2>£
100 Caledonia .... 85I--15O Mexican 1 1<V
600 Chollar l.">; ::i';i.> Overman .... 15
: SCO Con C 6c V...1 20j 300 Potosl ....... 2;i
ICO Con C & V.I 17%f 30O Potosi ....... 2+
Bl)O Con N Y."... 17 200 Savage 47
3C0 Crown Point.. 21' 200 Sierra Nev... 6T»
500 Gould & Cur. 39 SCO Sierra Nev...- 57
150O Justice .*. I*! 800 Silver Hill... 73
100 Mexican 1 15! 2C0 Union Con... 65
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Saa Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
2500 Hannapah ... 10 100 Ton Midway.. 42
200 Mont Ton....l 60 100 Ton Midway.. 40
100 Mont Ton..t 37 >* 100 Ton Midway.. 34
6C0 Ton Belmont. 73
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Dec B.-12 m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 05 06 Julia 05. Oft
Alta 05 OtS Justice 14 IS
Andes 20 21 Kentuck ..... 04 03
Belcher 28 -29 Keyes Gr.. .. ... 1 SO
Best & Bel. 2 25 2 oi Mexican 1 10 1 15
Bullion t-8 00 Occidental ..49 31
Caledonia ... 83 8 1 Ophir 2 15 2 20
Challenge Con 23 26; Overman .... 14 15
Chollar 15 16iPotosl ....... 24 2a
Confidence ... 90 93 Ravage "4T 4.S
Con C & Va.l 15 1 20 Scorpion .... " 92 03
Con Imperial < «£ ' 04 Slg ' Belcher; . ¦ ' CS I<T "
Con N York.. 16 17|Slerra Nev. ...57 6J*
Crown Point. 21 22|4ltTer HIU .. 7tt ..
Eureka Con.. .. 60 St Louis ... 14 14
Exchequer... 13 1 4 Syndicate .... 04 06
Gould & C... 40 41 Union Con... 63 65
Hale A Nor.. 51 53 Utah .'. 17 " 1»
Lady Wasb 04 Tellow Jack.. 23 30
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Cojehan 18] Paymaster .. 07 03
Esperanza 01 1 Pine .Grove... 20 ..
Gipsy Queen.. .. 29 Rescue 05
Gold Moun 05 Ton Belmont. 63 71
Hannapah .. .. lOJTon A. Cai:.. .. 21
Lucky Tom.. .. C5|Ton M Co.... 5 SO 8 6O
MacNamara . 11 14 Ton N Star. 37 *»
Mlzpa.i Exten .. 25 j Ton Midway 30 38
Montana Ton.l 32 1 40 United Ton.. .. 12
N Y Ton 031 .'
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered' in San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle: •
CATTLE— Steera. S#9c; Cows and Heifers,
7#8c; thin Cows. 4®5c per lb.- -
CALVES — i@4V£c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%@4c;. Ewes. 3%®3%c
per lb (gross weight). ...
LAMBS— 4%@5c per. lb. . . ' .~ v
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 180 lbs. 5%c; over
180 lbs.. 6c; Sows. 20 per cent off; Boar3. 50
per cent on*.- and Stags, 40 per cent off from
above quotations.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to " deal
ers are as follows:
BEEF— 6%@7%c for Steers and 4\4@6c per
lb for Cows.
. VEAL — Large. S@9c; small. 939%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 8®8%c; Ewes. 8@S%c
per lb.
LAMB— 9%01Oc per lb. N '
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 7%®9c per lb.
The local butchers and packers are kept
well supplied with all descriptions and prices
show n»» chanze.
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
p a a a 25
§ Ji Jj "*¦* «• -
STATIONS. Jgjfijf |S |" S
j f f I j f
Baker 30.62 S2 24 SW Clear Ioo
<arson 30.50 44 10 E Clear .00
Eureka 30.32 58 44 NE Clear .00
Farallon 30.24 S7 05 N\V Clear .00
Fresno ... 30.22 52,30 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 30.28 Sf 20 NE Clear .00
Pocatcllo S0.5S ?,8 14 S Pt.Cldy .00
Independence .30.34 M 28 W Clear .00
I^os Angeles. .30.12 7O 44 gW Clear .OO ,
TainaipaiB ...30.2H f>2 44 N .Clear .00
Phoenix 30.16 06 34 NE Pt.Cldy .00
Portland 30.40 46 34 NW Cloudy .00
Point Reyes. .30.19 5<j T.2 N Clear .00 ',
Red BluS 30.24 <".2 26 K Clear .00 !
Hoseburg ....30. ."8 4(5 £$ ..'W Clear .00
Sacramento ..30.22 56 38 N Clear .00
Halt Leie So. 56 S8 30 NW dear .OO
Kan FYs.ndsco.80.28 58 44 NW Clear .00
S. L. Obispo..30.20 72 22 N Clear .00
Kan Diego 30. OS 70 4H E Clear .00!
Seattle 30.40 90 52 T.
Kpokane 80.46 36 24 NE Clear .00
Tatoosh 30.32 60 32 S Cloudy .04
Walla Walla. .30.46 28 24 NE Clear .00
"VVlnnemucca .30.50 4% 10 NE Clear .00
Turr.a 30.10 C8 48 N Clear 00
VEGETABLES— Green ! Peas, 2ff4c per lb'
String Beans. 2®5c per !b; Wax, 2jJ5c; Lima
Beans, 8c per lb; Tomatoes, 40®75c per box
for bay and C0@70e vr crate for Los An
geles; Summer Squash from Los Angeles, COft
C5c per box; Cabbage, 60c per ctl; Carrots 75c
per sack: Cucumbers. $1@1 25 per box for bay
and 60@75c for Los Angeles; Garlic. 6©7c per
lb: Egg Plant. 12%c per lb: Dried Okra, 12%c
per lb; Green Peppers. :tr>ijj,".Oo per box; Mush
rooms. 35® 75c per drawer; Marrowfat and
Hubbard Squash. $10^12 per ton for round lots
and %@lc per lb for sacked.
ONIONS— $1@1 20 per ctl,
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. 60#
85c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $1@1 45 per ctl;
Oregon Burbanks. S5c0$l 10 per ctl; River
Reds. 60@75c per ctl; .Sweet Potatoes. $125
per ctl. . 4
Stocks of Potatoes were heavy and the mar
ket was quiet, as buyers were expecting heavy
arrivals from Oregon . and were purchasing
just enough for immediate requirements. River
Bur-banks continued dull, but holders were
firm -in their views and. were not Inclined to
force sales. Two cars of Sweet Potatoes came
in from Merced and sold off ! well at the fa
malliar quotation. Onlwis were In ample sup
ply and ruled weak at previous Drlcea.
Pea* and Beans from Lbs Angeles arrived
fre«ly and choice lots me't with ready vale at
maintained prices. 1 1 The market was still over
loaded with poor stock." which dragged at un-
Eteady rates. Tomatoes were weak owing to
the cool weather and large lines of poor qual
ity offerings from across the bay were offering
below th* quotations, but found few buyers.
Prices of the other vegetables had no quotable
variance and supplies of all descriptions were
well up to - requirements. The market was
overstocked with Marrowfat and Hubbard
Squash, which ruled weak at easy rates.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. Dec. 5.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 600; market steady.
HOGS — Receipts. 10,700; market mostly 10c
lower: light, $4 50@4 CO; medium and heavv,
$4 60©4 60.
SHEEP— Receipts. 600; market 10@15c lower.
ST. JOSEPH,
CHICAGO. Deo. 5.— CATTLE— Receipts. 500;
nominal: good to prime steers, $5 15@5 75;
poor to medium, $3 60Q4 75; stockers and feedi
ers. $264 25: cows. $1 R0®4; heifers. $2pl 75;
canners, $1 60@2 40; bulls, $2@4 60; calves.
$2 . r i0@6 75; Texas fed steers, $3@3 73; Western
steers, $3®4 20.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 32.000; Monday,
60,000; 10@15c lower; mixed " and butchers,
$4 20©-4 55; good to choice heavy, S4 4004 60;
rough heavy. $4 150H 35; light, $4 20@4 45;
bulk. $4 30@4 45.
SHEEP— Receipts. 2500; sheep and lambc.
steady;, good to choice wethers. $3 75Q4 25;
fair to choice mixed, $3@3 73; Western sheep,
$i?«3 85; native lambs, 54 @5 75; Western
lambs, $l@0 40.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady. Creameries. 16@25c: Dai
ries' 14621c. Eggs, firm, 23®25c. Cheese,
steady, 10®10%c.
THE COAST RECORD.
Wool and Hides are quiet at previous prices
The only thing new In Hops Is the report rrom
Yaklma. Wash., which states that about four
fifths of the. 1003 crop has left the hands of
the growers, as compared with about one
eighth at the same. time last year.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIa and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 9c: medium." 8c; light. 7%c; Cow Hldra
7%c for heavy and 7%c for light; Stags. 5c;
Salted Kip, 9c: Salted Veal. 10c; Salted Calf.
10%@llc; dry Hides. 15c; dry Kip. 13o; dry
Calf. 18c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25@30c each;
short Wool. 40@t"0c each; Horse Hides, salt.
$2 75 fcr large and $2@2 50 for medium, $1 25
«'tl 75 for. small and 50c, for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 73 for large and $1 60. for me
dium, $1$1 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — pry Mexican, ¦ 32c; dry salted
Mexican, 25c: dry Central American. 32c. Goat
Skins — Prime- Angoras. 75c;- large and smooth,
60c: medium. 35c;' small. 20c. .
TALLOW— No. 1. rendered. 4%c per lb;
No. 2, 4c; grease. 2%@3c. ••
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquln Lambs'. 0-9
lie: Middle County. Il@r2c; Northern Free.
11612c; Northern Defective. 10@llc; Humboldt
and Mendocino. l2&14c: Nevada. 13@15c; Ore
gon- line. 185510c; Oregon medium, 17c per lb.
HOPS— 19&22c per lb for California.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 20.400 19,400
Wheat, bushels 63,200 133.SC0
Corn bushels 111.500 266,:»0
Oats' bushel* .1S7.S0O 194.300
Rye" bushels 12,500 1.700
Barley/ bushels ..114.100 10.300
Last. This Last
eta-tions. 24 hours. S*aeon. Season.
Eureka 0.00 14.34 14.93
Red Bluff O.OO 8.72 10.78
bacramento O.OO 3.52 4.02
?s.n Francisco O.OO 4.42 3.M
Fresno 0.00 O.54 2.67
Iridependence 0.00 0.42 0.79
fian Luis Oblspo 0.00 0.44 S.52
Lrs Angeles O.OO 0.43 2.47
t?an Diego 0.00 0.07 2.51
The advance in Lima* continues. They are
selling in the south at 3c and are reported
active for shipment. The other Beans show no
further change worthy of note. '.
BEANS — Bayos. $2 SO® 2 50; Pea, $3; But
terr. $."5 25: small White. $2 65@3: large White,
$2 40® 2 65: Pink. $2 50<tf2 70; Red. $3®3 23;
Lima. $3@3 15: Red Kidneys, $4 25: Blackeye,
$1 WVS2 per ctl; Horse Beans, $1 50@2." • ¦
SEEDS — Brown : Mustard, $3; Yellow Mus
tard. $2 05@2 85. Flax. $1 S0«U 90; Canary.
C@5%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, 11014c; Raoe.
l%62V>c; Timothy. ¦ 0#6%c: Hemp. 3He i 3%c
per lb: Millet, 3Q3Yjc; Broom Corn. Seed. $20®
23 per ton. . • ,
DRIED. PEAS — Green. $1 80©2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
flat* as compared with those of the same date
last season and rainfall in the last 24 hours:
<12Dth Meridian— Paciflc Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 5. 5 p. m
Weather Report.
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, firm; winter patents, $t@4 20;
straights. $3 7004 10; epring patents. $4584 30;
straights $2 50@3 75; bakers' $2 40@3 25; No.
2 spring wheat. 78ff82c; No. 2 red. K6@S6%c;
No. 2 corn. 42%c; No. 2 yellow. 44%c; No. -2
oata, 35%c; No. 3 white.' 35@ 37 tic; No. 2 rye,
Sl^c; good feeding barley. 34@37c; fair to
choice malting. 43@5Sc; No.. 1 flaxseed. 91c;
No. 1 Northwestern, 98c; prime timothy seed,
$2 85; mess pork, per barrel, $11 12%@11 25:
lard, per 100 pounds. $»f 37%©6 40; short ribs
sides (loose) $f.i}i(i 25: short clear sides (box
ed), $6 12%®6 25; whisky; basis of high
wines, $1 27; clover, contract grade, $11..
Everything under this 'head rules steady.
Hay moves into consumption - readily at the
good prices and Feedstuffa are generally
steady. All quotations remain as before."
BRAN— $19 50®20 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $26 50628 50 per ton.
SHORTS— $10 60/320 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $24@25 per
ton; Oil Cake Meal at the mill. $fr\**2S 60; Job
bing. $29&::0; Cocoanut Cake. $21tf22; Corn
Meal. $29@C0:» Cracked Corn, $2.i hQlf.H) r>O;
Mixed Feed. $22 00&23: Horse Beans, $3u<g>40
per ton.
HAY— Wheat, $14016 50; Wheat and Oat.
$13 50@16 50; Oat, $13@15; Wild Oat. Jll 50®
13 BO; Barley.. $11©13: .Stock. $10011; Alfalfa.
$10012 50 per ton. . . . ,.'
STRAW— 40©C5i per bale. v .
Has and Feedstuffs.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 8%c; three
half barrels, 8%c; one tierce. (>%c; two tierSes,
8%c; five tierces. 8%c per lb.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. ll%c per lb for
heavy. 12c for light medium, 14c for light.
14 %c for extra light. 18c for sugar-cured
and 20c ¦ for extra sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 14c; California Hams,
13 He: Mesa Beef. $11 CO per bbl; extra Mess
$12012 50; Family. $13; prime Mess Pork. $18;
extra clear. $24; Meas. $19: Dry Salted Pork.
12c; Pig Pork, $28; Pi£3" Feet. $5 25; Smoked
Beef. 15c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7%c p»r lb for
compound and 9c for pure; half barrets pure,
9Hc; 10-lb tins. 9%c; 5-lb tins. 9%c; 3-lb tins
10c.
Chicago was a little easier. .- Receipts of hogs
were little larger than expected and quite a
liberal run Is anticipated by the first of the
week. . .
Local trade continues dull at the recent
decline. Stocks of everything are ample for
current needs.
Provisions.
Articles — Open.' High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 — ,;
December .. 82% 82% 81% g2"
May 82% - 82% " ¦ 82 ' 82%
July 77% 78* 77% " 77%
Corn No. 2 — - •
December 42Ti 42%.. 41% 42%
May 42% 43% 42% 43%
July 43%. 43% 42% 43
. Oats No 2 — .
December 35>4 35»4 34% • 3i%
May 30%, 36%. 36. ' 30>A
July 33% 33%' 33% 33%
Mess Pork, per barrel — ..
January 10 90 10 92% 10 87% 10 87%
May ....11 20 11 25 11 20 11 22%
Lard per 100 pounds — ¦
January 6 37% 6 40 -6 37% 6 37%
May.... 6 45 6 52% 6 45 '6 47%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds—.
January 5 02% 6 92% 5 87% 5 S7&
May..: .6 05 6 07% 6 05 6 03
Flour Exports in November.
Th» following fhowt the exports of Flour
from San Francisco by e«a during the month
of November:
To — Barrels. Values.
<Tiina 34.829 J142.f«:»
•lepsn '. 1.542 6,770
Hawaiian Iiiandc 8,224 24,331
Mexico 322 1,384
Ontral Araerlc* 15.C91 62.811
Panama 1,480 6.120
Colombia 165 742
Ecuador 1,713 7. "is!)
Korea 125 BCl
fiamoan Islanfls 70. S.TS
Caroline Islands 20 80
Manila B 22
British ColcmBla 5 ' 19
Totals Cl.lfll $231,630
In November. 1902. the exports were 90.S4I
barrels. \-aJued at frCj.562. In that month
62.140 b«TT*"s. valued at $194.770..' went to
China and 8194 barrels, valued £t $2S,123, were
•hipped to Australia.
'/'.UNITED STATES BONDS.
. Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup... 109 110% 4s qr cp.new.l%i%134%
4s qr reg 109 110 3« qr coup. . .108 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — » Do 5s .... — i(TO
Bay CPC 5s. — 103 Do con os. — 104
Cal C G 5s. — 100 O G W 6s.. — 97
Cal C & E g Oceanic S 5s. — 7.>
m & ct 5a. — 102% Om Cable 6r.l20 123
Cal-st 5s ... — Pac G Im 4s. 95 100 '
C C Wai 5s. — 100 P E Ry 5s. 106%
Ed L & P 6s.l20 P & C H_fis.
F & C II 6s. — 117 P & O RTSs.116%120
Geary-st5s.. 45 00 Powell-st Ks.ll3»4 —
H C&S 5%s.lO4% — S F GAR 5s. — 100%
HC4S 5s.. — 101 SF & SJV5S.116U117
Hon K T 6s.l04%106%;S R of C 6a.ll2% — :
L A Elec 5s.l04%105%iS P of A 6a
L A Ry 5s.. Ill 113 (1JK3>) 107% — i
L A L Co 6s. — — (1910) 108%— '
Do gxd 6a. — — S P of C 6b
Do gtd 6s. — 104% (lOODSr A. 102% —
LAP lem 5S.100 — (l»06)Sr B.lu",%;04
Mkt-st C 68.118 — 0006) 104%105
Do lem 58.112 114 (1912) ....114% —
NRR of C6S.107 — SPC 1 eg 5s. — —
Do 6s 114%— Do stmpd.106%107%
N P C R 5s. — 107 S P D R 6S.131 —
NCR 6s... — 110 S V W 6s. .MW —
N C P C 6s. -,- 101 Do 4s 2dm. 98% —
N S R R 6e. 98 102V- Do 4s 3dm. — —
O G X. H 5S.107 . — " Stkn G&B 6s — 102%
O T Co Cs... — '117% U G & E 6a. — 105
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa. — ' 42 (Port Costa.. — — !
Marln Co. ..61 — JS V W Co.. 3S% 38%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3% 4%|S F G & E. 68 C8%
Mutual EL. 9% 10% S F Gas L. . 3 S%
Pac G Im... 54 54%jStkn G & El 5 —
Pac L Co... 56% — U G & E... — —
Sac E O&R. — — ' '
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. 67 67%
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd 320 —
" BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — 125 L P & A... — ,170
Anglo-Cal ..So — Mer Trust. ..230 250 <
Bank of Cal.445 460 Merch Ex... — —
Cal Safe Dp. 155 S F Natlonl. — —
First Nat... — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2225 2275 Sav t L So. 95 100
Hum S & L. — — See Sav Bk.400 600
Mutual Sav. — 105 Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U.GOO — -
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..— 205 IPresidto ....39% 45
Geary — 80 |
POWDER..
Giant 65 65% VIgorit — —
. ¦ V SUGAR.
! Hana PC— 80c Kllauea S C. — 6
Hawaiian C. 44 45 Makawell C. 22% 23%
Honokaa S C 13 13% Onomea S C 31 32
Hutch. S P C 9% 10% Paauhau S C 14 15
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.144 145 Oceanic S C. 5 6
, Cal Fruit As. 92 04 Pac A F 4% 5%
Cal Wine An. 01% 02 Pac C Borx.187. —
x Morning Session.
Board —
15 California Wine Association..- 91 75
20 Honokaa ....' 13 00
35 S. F. Gas & Electric Co 68 23
170 S. F. Gas & Electric Co 68 OO
20 Spring Valley Water Co..".... 39 00
. 10 Spring Valley Water Co 38 50
100 Vigorit Powder .....". • 4 25
1 $1,000 Northern Ry of Cal. 6s 114 75
$10. 001) Northern Ry of Cal. 5s...... 115 00
$2,000 Paciflc Electric 106 60
$3,000 S. P. of Arizona. 107 62%
$7,000 S. P. of Arizona.....' 107 50
$10,000 Spring Valley 6s 106 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange
• Oil Stock— - Bid. Asked.
Alma r 1 35 ......
Apollo 40 -
Associated Trust Cert 18 20
Aztec 80
California. Standard .11
Cerlbou 95 . 1 10
Central Point Con 65
Chicago Crude, .19 21
i Claremont 24
Krperanza ...' 1 CO . ......"
Four ITT 60
Fulton 4 50 *..'....' *
Giant.... ;...; • • 20"
Hanford 132 00 143 00 1
Home: 92% 97%
Imperial IS 00 ,
Independence 15 17
Junction . - 19
Kern ..... 5 00
Kern River ....: 10 00 13 00
Lion... 03 04
Monarch (of Arizona) 46 48
Monte'Cristo ..".v..'..:r. ..:"....¦"... • ¦ 80
Occidental of Wes* Virginia. 18 • 2O
"Oil City Petroleum. 24 28
Peerless 13 75 14 00
Plttsburg ....." 19 20
Reed Crude, old.. 43 ......
8. F. & McKlttrick.......... 8 00 .
Sen Joaauin O. & D 4 00 4 50
Senator.. 65 75.
.Sovereign ¦ 38' - 40
Sterling 2 50 2 65
Superior" 05 07
Thirty-three 7 00 -7 50
Toltec ...........;.... . 2O ...:..
Twenty-eight ...... .'........-- 4 00 . 4 40
West-Shore ...... si. ......; ¦ 2 9O ......
Associated Bonds 68 <&u
Reed Crude, new..- 4 23
Miscellaneous—
Abby Land &. Improvement . ...... ISO
Alameda Sugar
American Biscuit ...*.;. -
American District Tel....... ..... ....;. '
Cal. Gas & Electric Corp
Cal. Cotton Mills.. ; .;....
Cal. Jockey Club. .'.:. ....i. ¦
California Shipping Co 20 00 27 00 •
Cat., Title Ins. and Trust.... ...:..• ..-....•
Central Bank , of Oakland. .. . . . . . . ......
Chutes . Company 7 73
Cypress Lawn Imp. Co. .....,......" .......
Fischer's Theater ......."... 2 00 ' 2 25
Gas Conspmers' Association. ..... . ......
Honolulu Sugar ."... ...."..... ....:. f
N6rthern CaU Povrer... ........... 9-00
North Shore Railroad.. ......
Orpheum. Company ¦" ie 00
Paciflc States Tel. & Tel.. '
Parafflne Paint., .wiw.w,. 35 00- .i.-.j.- •
San Francisco Drydock.vrnTiWT; ; "• _ '. ; . . . .
Sanitary Reduction Works.-. ; 1 25 ......
Sausallto Land and Ferry.;*. ...T. '¦ v.MVi*"-'
SATURDAY. Dec. 5—12 m.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
Business on the 'Bond Exchange- was very
good for- Saturday, There was seme activity in
a small way In Gas and Electric at $6&SC8 25.
and Spring Valley Water was lower at $399
38 50. California Wine was firmer at 191 75.
Mining stocks continued to quiet down and the
oil stocks were very dull.
Sales on the California Exchange last week
were 31.050 sTiares, valued at $7732. the lead-
Ing sales being as follows: Lion, 150O shares;
Occidental. 4500» Oil -City. . JS.OOO: Superior.
4400: Home. 9C0; Chicago Crude and Monarch,
500 each.
Ex-dividend yesterday: Paciflc Lighting
Company, regular monthly, 35c per share,
amounting to $14,200; Onomea Sugar Company,
regular monthly. 40c per share, amounting to
$20,COO; Chutes Company. 5c. cr $3o00.
It Is reported that holders of North Shore 5
per cent bonds will shortly be offered the privi
lege of depositing their bonds with the Mercan
tile Trust Company, with an option for their
sale on June 1, 1904,- at par. The owners, of
the bonds will receive $20 per bond, which is 2
per cent, in cash when the bonds are deposited,
and will collect the May coupon. It is said
that Eastern parties are anxious to secura a
large block of these bends, and. If a sufficient
number are deposited, a sale will be made.
FLOUR 1 — California Family Extras, $4 60®
4 85, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 50@4 (JO;
Oregon and Washington, Vi 90#4 20 per bbl for
Family and $3 90@4 40 for Bakers'.
M1LI .STUFFS— Prices in packages are as fol
lows: Graharo Flour. $3 25 plr 100 lbs;. Rye
Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour, $7:
Corn Meal. $3 25; extra cream, do. $4; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy. $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour, $4 50@4 75; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Fa
rina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour;. $3 60; Rolled
Oats. bbls. $T 20@S 60; In sacks. $6 75@8 10;
Pearl Barley. $6: Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peae. $5 CO per 100 lbs.
Flouf and Millstuffs.
Txjcal back clearings during the week Just
•nded showed a gain of $4,889,112 over the cor
respondlc* week In 19fG. being $38,4SS,003.
asainst $35,548,891 In 1902.
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS
Con lO.Uttle Chief Sj>6
Alice l&lOntarlo 6 00
Breece 10-Ophir 2 00
Brunswick Ccn ... 03|Phoenix 02
Comstock Tunnel,. O.vpotosl 24
Cot. t-'al & V&....1 05 Savage 42
Horn Silver 1 00 Sierra Nevada ... 60
Iron Silver 1 95 Small Hopes 15
Leadvllle Con .... 02>Standard 2 00
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — AVestlnghftj com.. 73%
Call loans ....5%«?6 Mining —
Time loans ...5 CfOVi Adventure 3%
Bonds— Allouez ... 4%
Atchison 4i .... 99% 'Amalgamated ... 41
Mexican Cen 4§.. C9 {Daly 'West 35%^
Rallroada — Blngham 21 .
Atchison 67% Calumet & Hecla.435
Do pfd ." 91% Centennial .. 10
Boston & Albany. 245% 'Copper Range ... 44%
Boston & Maine. ia»Vi 'Dominion Coal .. 15%
Boston Elevated. .140 Franklin 7%
N Y N H & H..195 Isle Royale c%
Fltchburg rfd ...135 Mohawk 36%
Union Paciflc ... 76 Old Dominion ... 8%
Mexican Centra!.. 10% Osceola 57%
Miscellaneous — I Parrot 18 .
American Sugar. .122% ;Qulncy ... ...... 80
Do pfd 120 Ir-antaFe Copper. 1%
Amer Tel & Tel.l20%'Tamarack 85
Dom I & Steel... 8 Trinity... 4%
Gen Electric ...:16O United States ... 18%
Mass Electric ... 20% Utah t.. 27%
Do pfd .. .. 77% Victoria. ...' .... 2U
United Fruit .... 98 Wlnona ... ..... 7%
U S Steel 11% Wolverine 65%
Do pfd 65 " vt-.-'.-j
Express Companies —
Adams 220
American'. 1S5
United States .... 100
Wclls-Fargo 185
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 30,500 .41% . 40V4« . 41 U
Amer Car A F 200 19'.i 18% inv;
Amer Car & F pfd 65
Amer L Oil .... ' 9
Amer L Oil pfd 27
Araer Loco 700 15 14*4 14*i
Amer Loco pfd 100 76*4 76U 7<H«
Amer S & Ref 600 46% 40'4 -' 48V*
Amer S & Tiet pfd. S00 60 89H 89U
Amer Sugar Ref . . 1,800 . 123% 122% 122*i
Anaoonila Mln Co .... 70
Brooklyn R Transit 44,160 49H 47% 4S^
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 400 2S>4 20'. - 26%
Col & Hock Coal... 100 11^ 11% 11
Cors Gag 1.100.179% 178 178>i
Gen Electric ...... 200 1C1 100 1C0
Inter Paper 100 11% 11% 1«t«A
Inter Par*r pfd... 200 65 05 " 63
Inter Pump .... . 30
Inter Pumj pfd 73
Nat Biscuit 36
Nat Lead ..: ' 13%
North Amer / 7<?
Paciflc Mall 28%
! People's Gas 1.100 nO'i OOVi 0C%
; Pressed S Car 200 27 27 20%
Pressed S Car pfd 07
Pullman Pal Car 214
Republic Steel 71 Vi
Republic Steel pfd. «00 42- 41% 42
Rubber Goods 500 16% 15% 1ST;
Rubber Goods pfd 70%
Term Coal & Iron.. 1.100 03% 32 32 s *
U S Leather 200 7% 7% 7%
V S Leather pfd... 200 77 76»i 76%
U S Rubber 9%
U S Rubber pfd 3.S%
D S Stet-1 1O.ROO 12 U >.4 11^,
V S' Steel pfd 47.000 67 5.V< !V.u
Western Union .... 300 SS . 87% 8"7
North Securities 80%
Total sales 200.375
NEW YORK BONDS. , .
U S ref 2s reg...lC5% Hocking Val 4%s.lO0U
¦Do coup 106 L & N unlf As... 9»%
Do 3s rtg .....107. Manhat con g 4s. 102
Do coup ...*.. 107 Mexican Cen 4s.. ,73
Do new 4s reg.l33»i Do 1st inc ..... 15?4
Do coup ......133% Mihn& St L 4s..
Do old 4s reg..lO9 M K& T 4s. 90
Do coup 110 . Do rds .*......: 70%
Do 5s reg 101 '.i Nt of Mex ccn 4s. 75%
Do rouji 101 % I N Y Cen gen 3%s. 09
Atchison gen 4s.. 100 N J Cen <reu 6s. 129%
Do adjust 4s... 88 .Nortnem Pac 4s. 102%
Atlantic C L4s.. 03 Do 3 8 70%
Bait & Ohio 4s.. 100% Norf & W con 4s. 06%
Do 3%s 94% Or S L 4s & part. 92%
Central of G* Cs.104 Penn conv 2%s..,'95>.4
; Do 1st inc CO (Reading gen 4s..' 96%
Cfces & Ohio 4%s.l01%!St L&I M con 5s.lllV4
Chi & Altou 3Us. 73% ISt L & S F fe 4s. 85
C B & Q npw 4s. «2Ji|St L S W Ists... 02%
C MASt P ren 4s.llO ¦ Seaboard A L 4s. 71%
C & N W coii 7s. 130% Southern Pac 4s. 86%
C R I & P 4s 70V« Southern Ry 5s.. 112%
Do col 5s 75% Texas & Pac lsts.114%
CCC&St L gen 4s. 1)5% Tol St L & W 4s. 68
Chi Terminal 4s.. 76 Union Paciflc 4s. .102%
Con Tobacco 4s.. 57% Do conv 4s .... 94%
Colo A South 4s.. 84% U S Steel 21 5s.. 70V,
C F & I conv 6s. 67% Wabash l«s 113%
Denver & R G 4s.lOO Do deb B 50'
Erie prior lien 4s. 98',4 W & L Erie 4s... 86%
Do gen 4« 85 Wisconsin Cen 4s. 89%
Fl W & DC lsts.103 • '
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. DECEMBER 5.
Flour, qr sks.. 7.5521 Feed,, sks 12
Wheat, ctls ... 5.230 Rye. ctls '625
Barley, ctls ... 50,615 Tallow, ctls ... 522
Oats, ctls «585 Pelts, No ....." 4C5
Beans, sks 1.42OjHldes. No 89O
Potatoes, sks... 4,765. Raisins, bxs ...¦" 1,850 ¦
Onions, sks .... 350 Quicksilver, flak CO
Bran, sks .'. 40n!Leather. rolls .. 55 I
Middlings, sks.. 30, Wine, gals 102,6Oi>
Hay. tons 700 Paper, reams ... 54
Straw, tons ... 20 Lime, bbls ..... 40s
OREGON.
Oats, ctls ...... 640
CHICAGO, Dec. 5.— The fact that cables did
not respond to the advance here yesterday
caused an easier tone In ¦ wheat at the start
and opening sales on March • were unchanged
to «fec lower at 82% ®S2%c .There was a fair
scattered demand early, but offerings were
more than sufficient to meet the wants and
after Belling at 82%@S2%c May gradually de
clined. Local longs sold freely throughout the
entire session and there, was nothing In the
way of news to stimulate any large buying
movement. With the ezceDtion of the July
option, which was firm on continued dry weath
er In the winter wheat section, the market
closed weak, with May %c lower at S2 1 , 8 c.
after selling at 82©82Vfcc.
Expectations of heavy deliveries of December
contract caused liberal liquidation of that op
tion In the corn pit and the market weakened
under the pressure to sell.- The weakness .in
wheat also had a depressing - influence. May
closed at 43VbC. > ¦ • ' -
¦ - The name conditions that covered wheat and
corn prevailed in oat« and* the- market rul^d
weak. May closed at 36V»c. -•¦-—.
Liberal receipts of hogs and renewed talk of
enormous receipts for next week caused liqui
dation in provision* The selling was largely
by packers. Shorts were the best buyers, but
there was a scattered demand from other
sources -that held the market steady at the
gain. January pork closed 17"v4c lower; lard
and ribs were each 7%c lower. - "
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
The market continues ' dull, . as usual at this
time of 'the year. " Stocks of fruit are broken
up into small and scattered holdings, there be
ing few round lots of anything. Pears are
about gone. Apricots are also well cleaned up
and have been meeting with, more inquiry of
late* Prunes and Raisins are especially dull.
Honey Is weak and buyers are indifferent.
Walnuts continue the only firm description In
the list.
Outgoing vessels ¦ took for Europe, mostly
England. 1,581,387 lbs Prunes, valued at $31.
680. and 42,470 lbs assorted Dried Fruits at
?2915. ,
FRUIT— Apricots, ' 7@0c for Royals and 0@
lie for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 4@5%c;
sun-dried. ¦ 3 Vi® 4c; Peaches, 4%@«%c; Pears.
B@10c; Nectarines, 4@S^c: Firs, white. 4Q4%c
In boxes; black, 4 lie; Plums, pitted, ti@dc per
pound. .
PRUNES— 1003 crop. 2Hi©2«ic for th« four
sizes.
RAISINS— F. . o. b. prices, Fresno, for 1303
crop: 50-lb boxes— Loose Muscatel, 2-crown.
6Hc per lb; 3-crown, 5%c; 4-crown. fl%e; Seed
less Muscatels. 4%c; do. floated. 4i£c; un
bleached Sultanas, 4<ic; Thompson's Seedless,
5',-jc. London Layers — 2-crown. $1 25; 3-crown.
$1 35; 4-crown clusters, $2; 5-crown Dehesas,
$2 50; 6-crown Imperials, $3; Malaga Loose. 2
crown, 5c per lb: do 3-crown, 5%c; Valencia
Cured, 4%c; Paciflc, do, 3%c; Oriental, .do,
2%c. Seeded Raisins — ltf-oz packages, fancy,
8c per lb; choice. 7%c: 12-oz packages, fancy,
6%c; choice, 6%c; In bulk, fancy, 7 %c; choice,
7%c. ' ' ...
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 eoftshell. 13H@14c;
No. 2. 11%@12c; No. 1 hardshell, IV.&VJYjc:
No. 2, 11®11 '^c; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils.
10%c for I X L, lOVic for Ne Plus Ultra and
8%c for Languedoc; Peanuts, till 7c for East
ern; Pecans, M@13c: Cocoanuts, $4 50@5; Cali
fornia Chestnuts, SQlOc per lb. end 11012
for Italian.
HONEY — Comb, ll@13c for white and B@10c
for' amber: , water . white extracted, SifS^ic;
light amber extracted, 4%©«c; dark, 3H04c.
BEESWAX— 27®20c per }b.
Dried Fruits } Nuts, Raisins, Honey
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — . Dec. March. May.
Opening .......'.....", 6 4% 6'3tt
Closing "6 4% 6 3V4
PARIS. '
Wheat — ¦ Nov. Mar. -June.
Opening '.'." 20 65 • 20 85
Closing 20 70 20 S5
Floui" — ; . ' - • » • ¦
Opening 28 2!> 27 05
Cloilng-.v -28-30 r 23 00
Local bank clearings gain $5,000,000 over last year.
Silver advanced again. Exchange unclmiiged.
Wall-street stocks closed the week rather weaker.
Local stocks and bonds featureless and not active.
Whtat ar.d Barley firm, but not materially higher.
Oats, Corn and Rye as previously quoted.
Hay selling well. Feedstuffs steady.
Lima Beans still higher and in better demand. • ...
Butter and Cheese continue depressed. Eggs scarce, and steady.'
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins easy and dull. Honey weak.
Proz-isiov.s still in liberal supply and easy.
Wool, Hides and Hops as before quoted.
Meat market well supplied with live and dressed stock.
Fruit market well stocked and quiet.
Considerable Poultry on liand at the dose. Game firmer. e
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables in heavy supply.
Coffee firm and moving off well.
summary; of the markets.
PEACHES — Are - quiet. Choice. l\i@l%c;
extra choice. 7%®8&c; fancy. 0Vi@10V*c.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May .:. $1 OUtt $1 09% tl.OOH UttlK
December .. 1 11% 1 12 1 11% 1 12 ..
OATS— Remain aa before quoted, prices ru5
ins . steady, with offerings ample for all cur
rent needs. •
White, *1 20(51 SO; Black. Jl 40@l 60; Red.
$1 20@l 25 for feed and $1 25@1 35 for eeed;
Gray, nominal. • .
CORN— White, both domestic and Western,
is sluggish and more or less nominal. Yellow
is weak." The whole line is dull.
Western Backed, $1 25 for Yellow, SI 22%
for White and $122% tor Mixed; California
large Yellow. $1 22%@l so; small round do.
$1 40£fl 00; While, $1 25©1 30 per.ctl.
RYE— $1 25<3>1 30 per ¦ ctl. • '
' BUCKWHEAT— $2 2502 50 per ctl.
»" FUTURES..',.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
California Club, '$1400142^; California
White Australian. *1 50@l 52%; Northern Club,
fl 40@l 41 H; Northern Bluestem. $1 CO©1 51%;
Oregon Valley. $1 40. .
• . . -FUTURES. .
'•Session 9 to' 11:30 a.', m. '
Open.' High. Low. : 'Close.
May ..$137% ?1 38% 5137% fl S7%
December ..1 39Vi asked.
BARLEY— Bo^h futures and cash grain were
firmer, but prices stood about the same. The
demand was nothing extra. ...
- - CASH BARLEY.
Feed *1 08%@l 13%; Shipping and Brew
ing. fi-47>/t®l 20;- Chevalier, -$1 20C1. 45 foi
fair to choice.
have reached 'the"m'ax'imurn of accumulation.
There is more or less complaint' concerning the
condition of the ; growing winter . "Wheat crop,
but' we do n6t lay 'much" stress on this. A
dry -fall seeding almost invariably, results ' in
a rood, crop! although- its appearance .through
the winter will be Inferior. In a '. speculative
way the. holdings i are "\ in ; strong,. hands and
there is a, large scattered ; short Interest. ' At
the moment the market may be at a hesitat
ing point. I • There ¦ ia J the chance that
weather may be less favorable In the?Argen
tine and the strength here will .ultimately
affect foreign markets. There is bo much un
certainty about the situation that a conserva
tive course eeem« advisable. , but we. are In
clined to think that for the time being we
would ' buy Wheat on reasonable reactions Inas
much'as a persistent bull .market may; later
develop.", ,.•. . ..-..; • . ¦ : • •
In this market futures were stronser and the
cash ¦. grain was in good ¦ milling and ¦ feeding
demand at previous quotations.
CASH WHEAT. . . " ,_ .
respond to sharp advances." The total receipts
to date in this market exceed those of 190X
and there remains 17,016 bags of Central Amer
ican Coffee in first hands,' a quite normal
quantity for this period. To-day's first-hand
stock consists of 2321 bags Costa Rica. HIS
Nicaragua 22.80 Salvador. 11,053 Guatemala,
624 Mexican and . 6310 various; in all 22,320
bags. . Deliveries from first hands since the
6th ultimo Include: 1919 bags Costa. Rica, 670
Nicaragua, 2148 Salvador. 7030 Guatemala, 140
Mexican and 2705 various; in ait 14,61$ bags."
Costa Rica — 13@15Hc for 'strictly prime to
fancy washed; 12313c for prime washed; 11@
ll%o for goort washed; 10*i#12V4c for good to
prime washed peaberry; 0<gU>VaC for good to
prime peaberry: 9%©Uc for good to prime:
8©0c for fair; Sin Vic for common to ordinary.
Salvador— 11 V4©13c nominal for strictly
prime washed; »Vi®ll%c for good to prime
washed; 8Vi©9%c for fair washed; »H®Hc for
fair to prime washed peaberry; 8%eS%c for
good to prime semi-washed; 8Vi8*fcc for su
perior unwashed; 73i©Sc for good green un
washed; 88©c for good to superior unwashed
peaberry; 5©7c for inferior to ordinary.
- Nicaragua— 12Vi®13%c nominal for prinw to
fancy washed; 8%@10%c nominal fcr fair to
strictly good washed; 7*iCJS%c for good to
superior unwashed; Si4S8-> 4 c for good to prima
unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican — 14^4@15>4c nominal
for fancy washed; 12)4G13%c for prime to
strictly prime washed; 10%61H4c for strictly
good washed; 10@10%c for good washed; 8V&&
0Ho for fair .washed; 7e8 : 4c for medium;
5%t|6?ic for inferior to qrdlnary; PHGPllt&c
for fair to prime washed peaberry; S'.fc©9*ic
for good to prime unwashed peaborry; S@9c
nominal for good to superior unwashed; C©SVic
for ash-damaged.
Commanding a. premium over the quotation*. ".
Three" cars of Cape' Cod Cranberries are ex
pected durtne the next ten days. , . ' ¦' i
STRAWBERRIES — Longworths, : $4@8 per
chest; lart-e berries, $231 per chest. • .
• RASPBERRIES— J4©6 per chest. -
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, $U©U 60: Jer
seys. $10gl0 75 per bbl. *
APPLES — Fancy Spitxenbergf. $1 75S2 per
box; other varieties, $i®l SO (or fancy, 75'4«0c
for choice and 25350c for common; Christmas
Apples. U b(XS'2 50. :
PEARS — Winter Nellis, from cold storage,
$1 5«fi2 per bos. . . ..,-,-
QUINCES— BOeGOc^per box. -
POMEGRANATES— $1 25©1 60 per box.
PERSIMMONS— 50c«?$l per box.
GRAPHS — l0@«0e • ror small boxes and 60®
90c for crates: large, boxes, I1©1 50.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. ¦ $175®
2 60 per box; Seedlings, $1®1 00; Tangerines,
$l@l 25 for half boxes and $1 for quarter
boxes; Japanese Mandarins,. $1 26@1 75 per
box; Lemons, $1@2 per box; Grape Fruit.
$1 50@2 60; Mexican Limes," $4@4 60; Bananas,
$1 25©-' 26 "per bunch lor Hawaiian and -¦
for Central American; Pineapples, ?2@3 50 , per
dozen. . . : ¦- ; - ¦ . • r v
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, 'SUNDAY, DECEMBER G, 1903.
STOCK MARKET.
EASTERN MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
47
AUCTION SALES
HORSES FOR EVERYBODY!
TfflBD CONSIGNMENT FROH
CBUBCfflLL CO^ YREKA.
AUCTION SALE of ioo • BEAD unbrolw
mares and geldings weighing from 1000 to
1300. consigned by CHURCHILL CO.. YREKA.
SISKIYOU COUNTY. CAL.. from their wtil
know J. jr.. c. B. and D. ranches. Thes«
horses are biocky built, have good feet 1 and
legrs and will make good milk, express, deliv-
ery, bakery, grocery and general pttrpo»«s
norsea. They are very easily handled.
Farmers desiring horses to work or - breed
should not mlsa this salo. ¦' ¦¦
To be aold on - V;
TUESDAY, Dec. 8, 1903,
At 11 A. M-. At
SALESYARD K32 MARKET ST, cor. Vaa
Ness ave.. San Francisco. .
Horses at yard Saturday. Dec 3. ".
FRED H. CHASE & CO.,
(Successors to Kllllp & Co.)
Livestock Auctioneers.
fc» ANNUAL SALE OF $^
THOROUGHBRED YEARLINGS
-•' FROM '
ANTBIM STOCK FABM.
Charles Kerr. Proprietor.
The grandest looking- aons and daughters of
Imp. Kismet. Yo El Rey. Herald, etc.. out of
the dams of more race winners than were ever
offered from this great farm; also the- great
stallion Bright Pboebua. Sale takes place
MONDAY EVENING..DEC. 7, 1903
Commencing at 7:J3 o'clock sharp, at
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
240 THIRD ST., NEAR FOLSOM.
Catalogues ready. Horses at salesyard.
WAI. O. LAYNG. Livestock Auctioneer.
fc* *
In order to elos« out my EXTIRE STOCK I
will sell AT PUBLIC AUCTION 30 head e»r
YOUXO BROKEN HOKSES, 27 farm and
work horses. 4 STEEL and RUUF.ER-TTRB
SURREYS. 18 BIGGIES. 2 STANHOPES. 7
different styles of WAGONS i» CARTS. 40
sets ot SINGLE and DOUBLE HARNESS. I
FAST PACER, 1 stylish SADDLE HORSE. I
SHETLAND PONY. No reserve or limit;
must be sold. 1140 FOLSOM ST., TUES-
DAY. December 8. 11 a. m.
LH.BURD
"WXX.Z.
To-Monw, MONDAY, Dec. 7, H a. m.,
SELL BY AUCTION*
The elegant FURNITURE of RESIDENCE,
1039 ELLIS ST.
Don't miss this sale.
L. H. BURP. Auctioneer.
SEE THE PICTURES.
UBS. BTTSSELL SAGE.
One of the* Bichest Women ia
¦ the World Reveals a Fe*w
of Society's Finan-
cial Secrets. .
NEXT SUNDAY CALL;.*¦ A wise man 1 will watch himself as well'
as ' his • children" r'- y L'^4MUUUKl
Better find i iron than mine silver.
', Be the thing you wish" to be called.
it A fool may give a wise man counsel.
* "Better; be, alone than in ill company/ "
:;; Better ' sit , still ,than" rise i up and : t alL
;i . Great winning makes the work easy.
:. Better a dower in a girl ; than with her.
i*: Better sit • idle ; than s\ to work , for
naught. . HdBNMHHSRMBRfiMi
That virtue is always desirable which
the devil derides.
Chorus, -, ' 'Te Deum' V (Kotschtnar) ; bary t ono
solo. ' selected.' E.^ C. ; Boysen;' anthem,- "Hark,
Hark, Mv;Soul" (Hously): i violin. solo, A"L*r
go" (Handel), : Miss ' Key«er; duet, soprano and
tenor, ¦ : "Come "Unto '. Me" .'(Campana), • Mrs.', 1.
E. - Blake and ; . Leonard Coop;:, male, chorus,'
-"Listen to Those Bells" 11 (Warren): 'soprano
•olo,-* "Pilgrims- of ; the Night" (kiddle), Miss
The monthly musical . service of • - Simpson
Memorial- Methodist EplKccpal Church, corner
Hayes and Buchanan streets, 3 - will- be held: this
evening. • The programme includes the : follow
in? special music: ':¦"¦-*. ' .' ; - '.- ' .- ,
At the First , English Lutheran
Church this- morning "The Constrain
ing Love' of Christ'.'. will be the subject,
and in the evening "The King's High
way." Pastor, Rev. E."Nelander.
Most - Rev.' Archbishop /Montgomery
will administer confirmation^ iij - St.
Patrick's Church:, this afternoon at 4
o'clock. V '•'¦¦ '•' ¦•'' ' : V" -
Rev. Father Mahoney. will preach ; at
10:30 o'clock mass in St. Ignatius
Church this morning.; In '• the evening
Rev. Father For han .will .preach.
Rev. Father Smith, C.YS. P., will
preach the second of : his- course- of
advent sermons on v the' Pope's encycli
cals in • St. Mary's : ( Paulist) Church
this, morning, at : 11* o'clock; mass. ¦• ;¦ His
subject . will - • be : VIndivldual T - Revolt" ;
text. "He sitteth in. the temple of God.
showing, himself 'as if he, were God.','
At -vespers in^the evening the Rev.
Father Wyman", C. S. P.', will preach. .
DAY'S • SERVICES AT THE ; 7
HOUSES OF WORSHIP
Simpson . Memorial II. E. Church to
Hold its Monthly Musical Con
. cert .This. Evening.,,-
The diversity of tongues to be found
la one country is often a matter of sur
prise. Last year the Bible Society's
agents sold the Scriptures in fifty-three
languages in the Russian Empire, in
Diversity of Tongues.
- He was playing on some piles In the
wa{er- with boys of, his own age, Vic
tor Anderson of 136 Sixth street and
Sam and' H. Gundaker of 1050 How
ardrStreet.; The boys made a raft of
the piles In a shallow place in the
water and were Jumping on arid off,
until | the. piles' broke loose and began
to floaty into ; deep :water. \ ] The four
boys thereupon jumped overboard and
made for. the shore. They, all reached
it except young Milon, who sank to
the -bottom.
iCJoseph ¦Bartlett and Patrick Shan
ley; went overboard and ; grappled for
the body, : finally* recovering" it . at : 1 : 4 6
p. j mj, too ; late to resuscitate the un
fortunate „ child. '¦. ¦
' ' Frank- Mllon, a nine-year-old boy,
who resided with his parents at 514
Minna street, was drowned at 1
o'clock yesterday afternoon in the bay
near the intersection- oif. Sixth -and
Channel streets. r *
Frank Milon Jumps Overboard From
a Raft on -Which He Is '
Playing. ;
NIttE r YEAR-OLD BOY
DROWNED IN THE BAY
twenty-eight languages in Burmah, in
thirty in Malalsia and fifty- throe
in the Egyptian agency.
The following! musical programme
will I be rendered this evening at" St.
Stephen's Church: s
• Organ Drelude In ¦. D (Wely) ; processional
hymn No. 43: choral' evensong, festal use;
'"Gloria 'Patri,"- chant in* A (Woodward);
"Bonum v Est," 'In E- flat :(Buck);,."Benedlc
Anlma* Mea.~ " ' in D '• (Danks); : . soprano solo
(after third collect)," VA 1 Prayer" . (Tostl), Mlsa
Ellen Margery, M.irkn; hjTnn;No."338;. duet for
tenor "and . bass.' ."Rise, : Crowned .With Light"
(Brackett), : Rov. '-'Ernest Bradley and ",. George
Bird; quartet. "Jesus,', lover :'. of- My 'Soul"
(Williams), Miss M. E." Hussey, Mrs, ; R. .1*
Partlngton.Dr. H. D. Noble and George Bird;
anthem. V'What' Shall I Render" (Simper);
violin solo. "La Serenata" i (BraBa). Mte« Edith
Douglass • Evans: '• contralto fiaio. "I Will t Blag
of; Thy : Great '- Mercy,'.'; from ,"Sta bate Mater'.'
(RoeBlnl), Miss ' Xena Boberts; ; offertory, organ
solo, - March - Solennelle". (Westbrook): . reces
sional hymn No. 12; festival postlude (Zurnlel).
Martin Schuitx,-. organist and choirmaster."'"
¦ : At the First Baptist Church Rev. br. '
M. W. - ; HayHe8 r of ChTcaTgro '.will '"occupy'.
the r pulpit at-both services.
jthe Flrstj Presbyterian '.Church the
morning <. eiefrrion will -ibe'^ delivered v by.
Rev. v J. wilber Chapman of New_»York. :
Evening; Bubject;^"Thej Future t Life— •
Babylonian f and '; ABsyrlan Belief a.'.'. >by
Rev..lW.'K;\Quthfie.'pa'sto'r. X r '
Greninser: lch6rus,*'VThe Lord • Said" . (Tours).
The pastor, > Rev. • John Stephens, will deliver
a short . address., "I." E.'' Blake, director; Miss
Mabel 'Jones; organist. ' . • '.' ¦-
Rev. George , B. Smythe. for seventeen years
president of the" Anilo-Chlnese College at Foo
Chow, China, will trlve the address for young
men only at the Toung Men's Christian Asso
ciation mass-meeting - to-morrow afternoon at
3. o'clock. One of the unique features of the
service will be the singing; by a male quartat
of Chinese students of the University of Cali
fornia. Seats in the hall free to all men.
THE SAN FRANGISCO , CALL, ..SUNDAY. I DECEMBER G, 1903.
48
. , ADVEBTISEJgENTS. , ¦
A! Millions PerMonth
V^llliilsi^A Astonishing, isn't it. to think that two
/TTArTp*' 1 million* of Columbia . records are sold
j^'"' ¦¦''£&*£¦£}'$ I «ach month, whereas we up.ed to sell
, I but one million r-*r month? We hope
j^ rt aaag?giSaiBNg*fegi. ¦erJ . to double it ae-aln ln January. Perhajw
-#^dfi»^5Ji^^^^^ *<!CtX t ne urlce ha» somethlnc to do with it
'• . ' ' ,~r-O(yS i ' 1^^^ nt as the . ImDroved quality — two
fS&ArT. records for the price of one means money
¦^5^, .(<5ffiw?*% ln y° ur wx:lcet and our?, too. This is
WtfrsMrnNfiB not & temix>rar>' reducticn, . but 25 cents will
VOfc/Wy4lT-i1l!y b* the r*rman'int, prico of these records. If
' KHifJ^nESISBl J ou have J 10 ' heard them, we want you to do
tj? fftfwWg'WiffSg ~a bo- S^nd in the order coupon and your money
. ,. ¦WWf\SMf&T*flf33B&XJ~ 'jj ' n ' 111 k* cheerfully refunded if the records are
; ijSBt£H5KS?V5ji^4~~C~r^iiir • not satisfactory.. Can be used on any machine
MK|^^^9S£raSiGSffi»i '¦ Here's the best Christmas present you can
I- -^r!^fefi«^Ww^ I -¦'•• - possibly buy. for your friend. Add &> cents to
¦ '¦'" : - '-T^CT^^S^\i^^ral the C0U P° n and we w111 P re P tt i' express charges
j iK' ¦'""¦>• ' - OPEX EVERY EVENING FROM DECJ7M-
' ' ' PriD?^^ ijSmWW^ " ' BKR X2 UNTIL, CHRISTMAS. MACHINES
YTTiiw i^Sg^Se^y pold in the city on installments,
• l^ pl ".. ... ¦ •"^••rr"^ ti DOWN; *X PER WEEK.
Columbia' Phonocraph^Conspanr, 125 Oearjr street. San FYancisco:
Inclosed find «, for which please forward roe bv express 20 of your
NEW XP HARD" MOLDED 'CY14NDER RECORDS. 25 CENT8 EACH.
Tbt« onJer. is riven you on condition that these records are the 'same or .better than
those you have formerly cold at 60 cents each, and that if I am. not satisfied ? you will
refund the money If I return them to yon, transportation charges paid, inside of five ' days.
fORET ELLS COMING EVEIMTS WITH START-
LING ACCURACY.
Every day adds something new and was saved from a horrible death be-
wonderful that this more than remark- cause he heeded Israar's warning; an-
able woman has done in depicting other found a long-lost brother whom
>y _ r .»' '__ he had long believed to be dead; still
/s<£^%r£s^ another made an immense amount of
yftv a. vAttZSKzifeaK rnoney because he was told by Ismar
/ffiv - ,/fJLf/'l^^^^^^^\^Y^r what course to pursue; a young girl
/ p|§-^^^ffl^&kT2»l\ - found and married the man she loved
"^ J^^I^J^^^ry^^y $\ either in the past, present or future,
' c .*-'~'^fK*ffl-j$ti!^jSg3r ¥$^*K> ut that Ismar is able to reveal and
/f |\ prove her services .of the greatest
/f f i *^h\ benefit to you. She can do for YOU
/*§*•&£' -'^y '£/ * ij %'> w^- at s^ e as onc ant^ ls cont » n ually
I J"M \ Don't let false pride or. doubt deter
fcm.^^iS^4\N^E^2!-^- ' ZJfL / y° u - Call and let her prove the value
' /< iyftjbfrf ' J Yy^*- r *" 7i -'**& ff of her advice. She reads by mail as
j\af'^Sp* '-^Nwlra&ik— '*&'*'. well . as in person. .Three questions
¦ answered for $1.00. Full life reading,
coming events, the: revealme of.mys- $5-00. Send money by Wells-FargcH
teries or the'aiding of those in distress or P°stoffice order or registered let-
W: otherwise-unobtainable informa- s SeV^^c^^n^^Su^
tlon * • "41. Hours 10 a. m. to's P> m. Son-
; During the past month one man days, 10 to 12 m.
"Santa Sends His Greetings to Hale's" . ™e , store ifi .$12'5p Ostrich Feather Holiday Silks Art ThitlO**; fnr fhr»f«5tma<;
Good. A,d.wdl ¦llunr.ted for a ,5-year-oId Iad-Melviil e Col e m,n. b^, 0^ ' W3°^ ¦¦ Boas at $8.50 '¦ ' __ ' AFT - Mlinj^b- IOF\ V^nPli* tITlCl2»
HWHWnM^ljMWMj^^ This lively Christ- It was built for crowds. ¦ **"~ * l *. ' ,¦;-.¦,.;<¦;:•¦: - . Here's the always busy section. So busy we are most afraid some of
mas store « with its —To handle them safcl\ ¦ ' r: ~ '•' '" ' "' „ ,. Blach surahs for mufflers. 75c and the prettiest things will not last long; enough. .
P^^^^^^^^m^m -th -To g ™ them plenty pure air F f^. A * *" -o" CXlr3 $I^ dcSSTSS s^V^fi r*Z^^L?£J^ $
{WS^T^- and bright sunshine. fashionable shades,. : white, and $ , 5 o. , dTliJcd SXS' ? 5 '" the "'
Br- - '^> * { the crowds, the way it —To make it convenient for black and gray. They're per- I'or. waists and fancy bags are some brjc wh V h giyes them a, bright ap- ""Crocheted Slippers with lambs' wool
V\+ -^'-^ ' **^< and satisfies thcmtobuy. feet full ; an rf rine in everv v ? ?* brocades and fancy striped pcarance . 75c to $2.6q. .. soles, high cut. Women's arc 05c
I $L**'- ¦' ugr. . ' " every one, is eliciting Yonr hM , th or v o ur oockct is safe ' and n P e m ' e^ er y silks. $1.00 and $1.50. yard. Fa^cy Head Bests/ handoainted or ™^$i^
m2f%\ r- remarks and comments hc ? e ? Ur hCalth ° r P ° CkCt " SSfe way. We don't know of any- C repc de chines in these new shades. «tin others trimmed with ribbons. Crocheted Sandal^ 6;c. .,
BO^i r-i & ' the people as „„ — — ; , '. \ ,, " ¦ ; r This is the coveted material for f-mrv 9SC ' $I '° 0 ' $I ' 35 ' * 3 and 5I ° S - Beads and Jewels
W'H'ht ¦ never before Melville \ What tO See thing more suitable .. for a ib ] s > s the coveted material for fancy rancy pin CvsMonSf j* anv numbcr The assO rtments are still complete.
H ' # he H d J^fiKfflSSSr-^Sf"- Christmas. gift than an ostrich "^gg | g SS E. S " "'
1 'f***~A.+t AT did the rest. the^chndren have been sending us are f or a , f ew quick f olks to get one white effects. It's in a li K ht weight. Pillow Cords in new colorin K s. most " c <:?^h,> v*% 5c:
— ' ' Toyiand. where the toys and dolls are ' .. \ but a very sturdy, serviceable cloth. in combination. Mercerized pillow nex t." 6Vic and Yr t :v t > <*<>*•
This Santa Claus Contest Closes To-Day holding forth (3rd floor). #nd save a full third. . ., . . cords, 10c; silk cords 15c. and we The obions one«. io» ana t*o <io*.
The $5.00 prizes will be K iven up to next Sunday, December 13. The wi,o+ *^ VUl~C Akn.«t r\*u ''.* „. .t r lbel , mes; . $I ° o; $I ' 5 ° and dpnt' know of any better values in the ,££"„££! i<£ z -\
pictures we have receiveQ are on display in Santa Claus* Art Gallery on the G^ e "rtL-Sie-! 11 "e^rred yoi know Uthers > too: f'.fS- Mostly plain effects. . city. Luster cotton. 4c bail.
Women '^ Tailored S«iit<5- 122 " i^< "^ — -^^ g$
VVUIIlCIl b ldllUrCU t j^ any 8 u mp , -^^^^-g
with shoulder capes and brass buttons. $15.00.'' ' here in the store. s mm^m^W^^M ZIZ '' ' """ ' O- yf~^\
The honeymoon coats are $16.50. At $18.75 are some half-fitted Ker- there 'are cozy parlors for you to rest ... - " I >v-wt^ "Pl*^ *• "4" 1^ r* l"^./^H7g \''
seys with triple capes. Then at $20.00, ?22.so, $25.00 and up to $40.00 are " ' •"¦ '¦¦'- — — fc . *. - V .' / J 1 UyO 1 V-r JT L- 11. W " 1 . flY C 7 \\ \
any number of fashionable coats. Plenty less expensive ones, too. . ChriStlTiaS : RibbOHS ' ' o '^ rir ", r , ." • V^# - /KOBAT^?ASIC5\
JC.T5— Four clever styles In Kersey box J12.75— Four styles loose fitting, military • , ''¦ '- ¦ " - - ' f% ¦ iv CIV fUll JOY them; 1WIV CCOHdmy JOT tllC parents. ; ,V ///-^ f \ g^\\
cc«ts. double and single breasted. effect, long or short corsette coats; And the flowers and' bo\VS thev • Forgotten you. boys? >No. sirree, you would not think so if you saw what -we are doingr this week; saw all these f/{\ [ ) rf\
$.^5— Kerseys In blacks and oxfords. some with, capes and fancy ornaments, me iiuwcis diiu uuws UlC) engines and. trains; these boats, horses and wagons: these automobile cars. Don't miss the shooting gallery, nor this VA^J V J \J/ 1
..^^)? r 7 11:t *T style*. eome with stitched bands; all with the make - baseball game, which you can play^n the parlor without breaking the lamps and vases. Then there are printing presses .V^rr OA^ehjkiy ///
110.00— Loose jaunty Kersey coat, shoul- new sleeves and new trimmings. Zib- " laivc - . and table after table of books and games; piles and piles of drums. The girls have had their turn. Now It's yours. V\ DA3fctt*l.W/>/
dor capes, fancy ornaments. 1 cllnes and Kerseys. • • . What a Jolly time they did have playing with the dolls and doll furniture. But they don't know what fun it Is,, do /sS\ f J //£
; , Here are the new .effects in Gun ... ¦ Jii ey ' to run an r f nBine ' pul1 a .™*° a or . ." One .w«*to tt. P««J: ¦ • ;_ f^ K^/ / A
Suits: NewMixed Tweeds $.12.75 ; j|- U SEES^S^
A DeailtllUl O-inCll ClllllOn. . f'&£jfc-~\ only 59c; 25c tool chests are 15c, and some special drums are 29c. . TiBlLJ/V
Not many — so they are worth hurrying for. They're made in the latest - \^Tl_J\ Is This is the week to buy — while the best things are still here. ,
f^r. Automobile Cars New Game -=- Parlor &of \
" _^ Is better than ever; the quality is bet- J * v^ . ¦ . . ¦ •¦¦..¦¦¦ • -v -¦¦:. VV^ C J
Let's look at some of the other new cues. ' Lnades" 11 U 1O ° kS betler a « d ln - lovely The bovs are taken with them because thev take the '•¦• r> |« jl fflPlW
?is.w-zib.iine. and i mixed twej^. thre, new |is.75-Pretty mixed ,uit., some in cheviots. Another new ribbon is ¦ this fancy WW tw£ S bS'l-beaHn^ rSib h e a r-Tircd 1 VeeYs\ T°heJ DOWHllg W^\
gg'-rSSLZ 11 * CaPC *' """ mOn! "¦ *» f «•• — — ««• ««- with one vnth Dresden border on white 9«. the arms^by the one sS in the InterestinK alike for young and old and m^re to be g^ a
n«..w-Heiut if ui zihc.in. -uit* ln black, blue. braids, buttons, velvet and piping. j?ro jncs u itn solid color centers. 4 vJ^f-Ri rpar seat They run as easv as a bicycle and almost as . . . J . . . \ JS -fH
SSa : mo^£t5Ta. < SS5;S5 cheviot, and broadcloth,; ribbon STr bow with aigrettes »" ift Thev carry two three, four and five people, desired now than ever. This little box in which to set Q^lj^
beeves; large c*p«. ion*, etraight coats and some blouse ones. ,. ?! "JJJ | ' ' awreues, There - not h, nK hke them for the bovs, and at the the ten o i ns . ca tches the balls and keep3 the balls and M^
3 'Th 4 ose wid? Gibson Bows for the I^'tola?^"' M^ ° De1 "* ten pinsJrom rolling on the floor. $1.2,. $>.» and up
The Leather Store ¦ m^^^$^^^^^M^M \ t • " o tflt . D 29c .
J C i «I»S^ 'j rv tt- . i comes a lone line of flowers rihhrm : Bova' Velocipedes. plete set of tools. Everything a boy • Wo-Bat Baseball Outfit. 45c Drums, 29c.
\~A$h^ And Its Gift Hints. rfi^c JLl?£ r!™%;Z : twJ S> " b^ ° n v nf nn , v w,7t Tw but red or ereen, wants. We are making a special fea- This is another new parlor game played Wooden frame ones with painted scrdll
/ «^ AVl^X * 1- '• r° S i Ol tSfPOPpl j Sf Pr esden . softvs this by .two or more persons? the same tin sides, good sheepskin head. 8-inch
jT *JZZT 6J\//\yQ X Its large bags women like, now; an for the corsage and ribbon chrvsan- Sta wtth ? BDrtnS Four siBes. 16- week. But if you want larger ones as • regular baseball, by choosing standard size. Others as low as
f * <^fe $y£Z<4Z* y ' automobile, a carriage bag. a shop- themums-that look for all the world ffi wheel on P es"fi.76; 20-inch. J2.00; you . can get them as big as you sides . Youran be struck put anS 10c and as high as 55.00
r <ZJAE*' Ping bag or wrist bag. Here are the as if thev were real' ' ' ' " ' S «4.{nch^S2 50- 26-inch 13.00. want. 95c to $7.. ». you can make a base hit and a two- Boys Truck 15 inches long, already
lajfU.^^ A I — T-l new shapes and styles inthe new ¦ L__l_ -4-lnch. v sj.&o, J ..^lncn. -»o.v V . wheelbarrows, painted red. hard- bagger or three-bagger, and there is loaded with boxes, sacks-and bar-
&}H& SsZ^Zj J\ KsttxS trimminss sl v^ s m "•« new . ... ~ • Cycle Wajfon*. , wood frames.- steel wheels. COo. 70c. the score card to keep track. With it rels and hitched to a horse that looks
,Js\. <— «— If W t»,, m^ c *^^. j .» * „. ' " tlOIIuaV StaXIOnerV Little speed -affairs, with tricycle gear. gOc an( j goc. all the lamps and: ornaments of the for all the world as if he was alive.
«^* vZ^sT^sa^J Purses, top. arc In order, as j-ou will see „ m ,,~ V "«fi,. f - i ¦ i^ •. • painted red. steel' wheels. ?3.15 and °" - -^vi«» Tr«r- M .home are perfectly safe. The size of He is on a platform with steel
*^ by this display to-day; in fact, this Hurlbut s, Whitings and Berlin's. . j 3 .7o. - Rocking Horses. the field Is 27x37 lncnes. and with it wheels, so he can go If you want
-. ,, f , Lilt Tht« f me ?? every require- The best kinds are here 'and in bovs 1 coasters red very strong. Nicely mottled, with -rockers. 9oc. • comes a- complete outfit. $3.00. him to. $2.00. .....
Gold Jewelry S?S,e™mS. for the . men as wel1 as p^« y holiday boxes. §* t0.s4.sa a S?oo. < S 8 5o! r fe.oo r £d $4.oo y ff^fiSfy'SSSJ ShiS'nisS 8"« If- * ¦•¦„»«»« Str^-^p ig w-^ * ««»ti»r ; cwi«t.
__ < Cents; c^r case, card ca ses . letter ca**, ,n of them less than other folks victor Safety Oun, 48c. S.J T-b^/d ?t*S l^teSS h^ f^acl Th t e yp han in - k ln^ a n d g anf' :SSJgaf eaTK -flg^es^or 'US
«>al or gram leather. 50c to ?3.75. ask for rhem. It . s harmless, but it does not look like as well as a track for It to run on. southing the boy can play^with and gets. 95c to $2.50. • * "
a \\r i«k 4 «~u •^?— ~ b 4. Men#E cr women's roll-up toilet cases, all fitted Hurlbufs kid finished paper In fancy boxes, it. for it's a breech-loader, a self- $4.45. - . learn something at the same time. Books for Eon.
A Wealth Of Christmas Beauty complete. ?15O to *ir.. -SOc; worth 75c. cocker and goes off with a bang, but Mechanical engine. with passenger 59c ig exceptionally low for them. "Black Beauty*' is the lirat 'one that
Women's lap writing tablets, in 8 eal or alii- Berlin's Batiste Hemstitched Stationery, blue the ball it shoots is rubber. . coach and track; 45c, is. one of the Hale's don't do things in a common comes to mind. It's one that cverv
And not a- e^nsive as vou S^SSI - I S SS«S;M^ B °»S? fflSS pP&fS gg SSTJS-Stf&Sft. 2 S6 ifiWEU? '"* - - "> HS^T^a K ES
And nOt aS eXDenSlVe aS yOU ca"«« ««J-^r. to fold up. $2.i». est cut envelopes. 60c box. that Is Belling elastic wrist band, use for set of $1600. Boys' Games, OOe. Good large printing.
. l-% collar boxes, kid or satin lining:, $1.00 elsewhere In the city for 65c and 76c. four. - >-¦ • Special Engine, 95o. Messenger boy game and King Quoits "Jest Nuts." written by the author of
WOUld expect. • ln on a lh 8 e ea^nV^r! W Th%3^^T?he°; Thi8 , g th^*>fJ»& b6y8 It " T **<£?*£ d }* SSf^iffi^ To^n- S Tee^el *"* 2^3? SM^e/S^lff'cSLSS
Alligator Club B0XeS $ 4 .00. ir^^foVv^ engine.?. It-» Telegraph boy Ixmlse and motor car- picture on every page, handsopely
Jcwc:crs are surprised. Not a make-believe alli-ater either <l^- are playing. In each box Is a, com- strong. riago games. 45c. I painted. 9oc.
"How did you Ret them?" but the genuine one, in the°regu'lar size! " ~" " ' ~
"Why. yon ask SO little." with leather lining and covered frame. -jgjgJL" ¦ .. . _^ ¦ - .. 0 GloveSaild OlOVeOrderS - •bT </^^*. /S53*<V
was thinking of the next one. Thc WV ~^tfiF £P-j£Hi ~i » In 'styles fashion' likes. • " Wf M. l^\ lf%P "T^ *U^? C? —^ 1 *^
-inside- is yours.* . fW ' C^'f^^t^&JzT Ag^^'^^Sj^^^l^^^^^^^^^^g^ .What a nice idea it would be to mJf%^\A§i^. L/OQS IlC T
and without delay. They can't possi- ft fl ff_ I f < fl • *• and. have them, tied with pretty pink -^^^^S-;^^V<^^ There are many things to K ive
¦», ias, t! n a , ristm a, The Hand kerchiefs: b o^ put 6 n r^^ov= n bS 'mJ^^^^w-b.^
Brooch, f in <h^ Roman briitht polish and cham. *vM ! •--• . * m. -«»¦-. 'w»**'w»'jl«-'w aiid j)i)t & K j ovc orc i er j n j t Then let WsSf)9 vW^^gS^r^g^ novelties brought out this season—
lip^M. 1^. * 1Ul JC * el *- w =- 75c - "• J1 - 5 Desk M^^'lawLI- "So^fnany." her pick out the _ particular styles of (^ A i-ffiS-fcHiFm ' ash trays, pipe racks, cigar and ash
Then solid eoid brooche«_$2JM) to $15; 8om« t^caiv "Sonrpttv" gloves she likes after Christmas. ]gK§SL^-*rii 6ill trays (even one here for 2.^c).
jewei«J. *ome plain eunbums. PiYino*c preuj . _ ; (.)nc doesn't need to oav over $1.00 a iK^s^SSlE&L'l ] . \M -i," •„. « mn w ni , ., ,, .„_,-
Uorpjme watch chain, with jeweled slide*- rlXln^S SUv^k " [ aul ? lad l dl<1 » l wait. 5 ' '">,:. pair for a pretty crlove. Here arc five W^^I?^^I'W* W$ lhree-piece smoking sets, some
n«u v ¦< « - tr H Fnr Chn \tmn* 'ViSiU. So 1 it goes— one catches the holiday enthusiasm the minute . they catch leadinc styles at Sl.oo. -JI^^Hsi^^^***' W« vcrv clcvcr ldcas evcn at - e 5° c -
Becuty pin«-25c u> M. <?' L/iriStmaS Y^J VJ; sight of these handkerchiefs. We were busy last week selling box handkerchiefs 7. , n-' ' I 2. U,a Other new ones three nieces 6?c
Solid sold ones with pearls and turquoise- Ci7>?'l!<r 'M: &*** —women found them so much prettier than t^ey expected that thuy couldn't ??&Z£M*£^: V^S=^ M Utner new ones, tnree pieces. 0 a c
73cto*4.so UlolUg help buying. Now is the time to see the pretty ones, if you ever do. uur one%iatp « a^ K TovV ;r^^^-^^^_^^ and up to $6.00.
¦esTf^-«0e to $1.00. Solid gold one, up to p enWi , f P The prettiest of them all are these ,b ls ket5 .of roH,s. in . which six pretty gur^wb-S SEhHtoU. The cleverest smokingSCtS of
_.,**, „. ... •¦¦¦¦; :--Vv* j .1 .^T "' any n "" 1Dcr OI Styles handkerchiefs peep out between the fldwers. $1.50 box. . . And a misses' two-clasp lambskin. "*»-¦> . a " c cleverest smoiQDK sera or.
wuh^He Jl?ur« rs -ic c «r^«i : ? nd al °- th^ m 25c " Thc newest °»e Then the linen handkerchiefs, initialed, half : dozen to the box, 75c. Others Thrpp f . vnrit . ct v 1i»« nr <;r en all arc these automobiles, little miniature machines turned* oat of maple,
i*3S£^Sg|£££g£ .o » g^ft «f s ;^ P °J at "c&ffiM'-ffi.i**- iSSSSSSSiSS t hr e e S i .-. >$ S^tSS: : «~. f ak « or ch "^- One " Iow » $I - S °- Thc ". * 2 - ro - **» «** «»» •»
.<^ ,.. «A- . M lien mere are siampeu leatner pen The hand-made handkerchiefs attracted a great deal of attention last week. Our three-clasp Blanche Suede. ; to $6.50.
CnftPhTine wMchV aw iSri •n. n .»i»i J VI P e r s v of the pen wipers They're of very nne soft linen, with borders worked up in Point Rose lace.. $2. Our two-clasp Tan Foran Dent gloves. . The one thing, though, that completes every man's comfort il kj ~
opcn-?aee^w£^^^^^ $3.50 $4. $5. $7 and as high as $10.00 each. ; l6-buttonsilk gloves at $2.«5O a pair. - A ~ ,. # ¦ ' ,
<n lancv o««r«— 16 so ""^"j«b ina -p-T,-- T^.j-ti, •„ ,..^if , i,. j There is no end to the linen handkerchiefs at 75c. $1.00 and $1.25 each. Some ~ . " A SmnWinO* lf\r\cP>^
Ix>cket s si?Ti!n7«m e^ Jround or heart shape- . Pap " Y a \v u : , heads - of them are trimmed with very fine Mechlin and French Valenciennes laces. M^» o r ; E^^D^b'^E^ '• -,:1 A OlHOKing JdCKCl
60c to. $2. " horse heads, dog and lion heads, 75c At 35c and 50c is a richer variety than ever. . : ' IVlen S and bOVS UlOVeS. Thn 1 of course he doesn't need to smoke to tret th^rnmfor* nnt of it Cr**
oxidized b«it pin*-*i. 23. to S" oo And at 25c— what a choosing! One enthusiastic lady tpld us the other day . , ., . - J , ... , 1 no ot course ne aoesn t neea to smoke to get tne comtort out Of tt. Otre
sterling eiiver noveitie»-«oc. ¦ * ¦ -...._> Bhe hadn't seen prettier handkerchiefs at 50c. They show a wonderful, use of ' A dollar gives one a splendid glove, him one (if he hasn t one already). Then with a soft chaxr, a pair of slxp-
' Ink Wells 25c to $7.50. Hosts of lace and lace insertion. In some cases the lace runs almost to the center. For boys, a one-clasp cape elove. '.* pers and an evening paper he will be contented. Maybe you don't know
~~. i styles, in metal, , brass, ebonv. cut Linen handkerchiefs at 15c have lace borders and lace Insertion. They are For men. a one-clasp cape glove, too. what pretty house coats you mav get for little money you certainly won't
Hem«titrh^f1 Clnthc glass, gold plated with Cupid fieures. unusual - . , , ' '"k 6 p°a n ir" ClasP MoCha Bl ° Ves f ° r men " " * x :°? "till you see these. We had a party tell us this week that our $5.45 coat was
•Th^vi^hHn^i^ntit «« r A, 1 » The newest ones are the doe heads. • rrTT * jmKL.n •"' ' ' ~ — : even prettier and heavier than any he had seen' in the city for $7.00.
TO^»^H«?2ff tiSTirtuSS'SS H on f ea i s> - horse h ? • <ls< in hi r^ half (^L MT JM/ ¦ 20c Music Sale Others are , find j n^ h . bv^ thc ™ thc / | rc }>*&& ScIect >; OBrs Qow bcfo "
very heavy, quality ar,d all linen: the head is on a hinge and hits up /Mi *CV * Ut iTlu^l^ some one else does it. $4.0.1. $.v4S, $.1.85, $6.45, $6.7- up to $10.00.
$1.05. :u yards long. from the mouth, revealing the ink >SpZjS8Baagg3^«ltHy fjgfff AS&iffiL*&^ *& stiie&*==& -j " * * a Hosts of Neckwear styles; all new; most of them came in within
.¦*.-> _t"-i-'c* . - ; \t - pksk blotters, c* to $3. /ffif/ /jBRgf @&B&BJf *QBB0r {£$!&£* t^^^^^gf "Pirkanitinv" srhnttischc ' Silk Suspenders. That's it. 50c to $3.50 a pair.
Hemstitched Damask Sets paper cittters. isc to $1. /sly • =»--^^g^g«B^ riiKuninny, But of all things for men this week the most important are these
Another happy idea for Christmas. We THERMOMETERS for the desk, W)c to $1. /egm * \^^*> ' ' ~ " Dixir Girl " march /*.< —^v <-»... /-. * A^'^ - -!*-/-^
SSj8^^^-gi^ffj?slSSSSS^a^&%-^ ¦ «^ r -*e^]^aa> HOOOS^^ ... ' ¦>># y m . B«t &<«,»¦ .$1.SO-Silk Suspenders at $1.00
match. Each set boxed for holiday glv- or people they have met: 50c and i5c. TVlstrlct^t Npiir <sivth Qan TZvartr'i^rn '• > ¦ ' •''will' not Iast^lonsr." We -hope.we Uave plenty DUtton iasteners. * Solid colors, black, white, red, blue, pink OC tan. We
ing. I CALIFORNIA DIARIES. 10c to 85c. , ITldl IVCt. JUCCl, l^Cai JIAHIy J«*ll X^Jj <* ¦ *> ' P*" U «i . -. } ¦ of each of them ,.for_at ,lea»t one day. ---..;¦ .haven't many left. " v : . . . '/ ;
HALE'S.
HALE'S.
HALE'S.
HALE'S.
HALE'S.
SALE'S.
E-AXE'S.