NEGRO CONVICT SEAVIS IS SHOT AND CAPTURED AT AUBURN
AFTER ATTEMPTING TO KILL SHERIFF KEENA AND A DEPUTY
SARAFOFF TO COMMAND.
Will Lead the Macedonians Against
the Sultan's Troops.
LONDON, Aug. 6.— A news agency dis
patch from Vienna says that tho Mace
donian Central Revolutionary Committee
bas' fixed August 31 as the "date for a gen
eral rising,- and that Boris Saraf off, - one
Ferdinand" Returning to, Sofia.
SOFIA, Bulgaria,: Aug. 6.—The;newspa
pers, announce that Prince Ferdinand is
returning.""' Reports : received"" here , show
that crops \havo -'.'¦ been ¦'."''destroyed . - and
bridges blown up in the districts of:Mon
astir and Salonica, where the Macedonian
committee 'proclaimed a revolution. In
authoritative Bulgarian circles ; doubt is
expressed [as - to tho ¦¦ importance * of ; the
rislns- .-¦ "^.-./'.'v^v~-.-..-. ¦'., "'.- ¦¦ • • . .¦ '-
out the law and making preparation for
the digging of the Nicaragua canal."
Events have already borne out the pre
dictions of Senator ; Morgan thus far.
There is a suspicion In some quarters that
the Pacific railroads, especially the South
ern Pacific, have been up to their ""old
tricks, only that they have transferred
their operations from Washington to Bo
gota, and that they are ; responsible for
the delay. Influences that were able" to
hold the canal back in the United States
Congress for twenty years. It is ; argued,
ought to find the Colombian Congress
much easier to handle.
BARGE FLORRIE FOUNDERS
AND FIVE ARE DROWNED
NEW BEDFORD, -Mass., Aug. 6.— The
barge Florrie; In'tow of thetug.Roswell,
•while on her way from Norfolk for Prov
idence, foundered' Wednesday morning
between Barnegat and Fire Island during
a heavy". northeast , storm." '. Captain .' Cobb
of the barge .and one ., of '. the , deckhands
were saa'ed, but j Mrs. , Cobb,' the captain's
wife, 10-year-old son, a boy named Jones,"
who was 'making^ the *trip with the 'cap-'
tain : the engineer and r cook of * the barge,
whose names . a re not , known .went i down
with the .vessel; and were'lost. ¦'•
SEAVIS MAKES ATTEMPT TO KILL HIS CAPTOBS.
Keena and Coan started from the head of the train to the
caboase. >\Vheri they arrived at the pusher engine the officers
discovered their man and commanded "him to halt. Seavis
started to run, Yiring several " shots aV ne did so. The
offiers retaliated, but without effect. They followed Seavis,
however, and soon got another shot at him. Both officers shot
at the same time and, the shots took effect. • Seavis dropped to
the '¦ ground and, exclaimed : "Don't kill me ; don't shoot."
Keena responded with a /'Hands up," and Seavis replied:
"My;hands are up. Don't shoot."
A UBURN, Aug. 6. — The negro Seavis, one of the
Ywh escapes 'from the Folsom penitentiary, was cap-
V__ffl tared in the railroad yards here at 9:30 o'clock
/* la to-night by Sheriff Keena and Deputy Coan after
. 4l. -«SL a lively fusillade. The desperate outlaw fired with
a revolved on the officers when they started to
arrest him, and his aim was poor. The officers promptly replied
with their shotguns and- Seavis dropped to the ground . shot in
both legs. After being wounded Seavis threw away, his revolver
and begged the officers to spare his life. He received two flesh
wounds in the leg, but neither of them is serious;.
When freight train No. 214, eastjxuind. arrived here to
night Conductor O. N. Nelson informed Operator J. P. Schnit
zius that he thought the negro Seavis was on the train. Schnit
zius immediately called up the Sheriff's office and Sheriff Keena
/and Deputy Coan, armed with sawed-off shotguns loaded with
buckshot, hurried to the railroad station, taking each side of the
tram.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
advices which were received; here yester
day from Monastir indicate that the sit
uation In Macedonia was constantly
growing w>jrse. At a meeting of the
Ministers it has been decided therefore to
adopt measures of extreme severity in
order to suppress the revolution. It is
reported that Albanian troops will be em
ployed, in which event massacres are al
most inevitable.
The Bulgarian patriarch was summoned
to the Yildifc Palace yesterday and urged
to make a final appeal to his flock to de
liver up their arms and thereby avoid
bloodshed
The menacing attitude of the Kurds In
Armenia is causing increased alarm at
Erzeroum. Bitlis and Kharput. It is as
serted in some quarters that the authori
ties are secretly arming the Kurds, while
endeavoring to convict the Armenians of
revolutionary intentions.
FIFTY TURKS ARE KILLED.
Bulgarians Dynamite the Governor's
;.*?-. Palace in Krushevo.
SALONICA, Aug. 6.— A special messen
ger from Monastlr reports that the Bul
garian insurgents have dynamited the
konak (Governor's pdlace) in the town of
Krufihevo, twenty-three ¦ miles north of
Monastlr. Fifty Turks were killed.
A detachment of Ottoman troops has
burned the village of Dlhovie, near Mon
astir. ,
Eight Turkish battalions have been dis
patched to, Monastir and three battalions
to Salonica from Kossovo.
; Telegraphic communication with Mon
astlr Is still Interrupted.
Prospects of Canal
Are Becoming
Remote.
5?ecUl Dlsnetch to The Call
COLON. Colombia, Aug. 6.— The latest
advices from Bogota state that the advert
paries of the Panama canal treaty have
assumed a new attitude, which is based
on the recently published opinion of an
eminent lawyer at Bogota, who claims
that acceptance by the Colombian Con
gress of the Hay-Hcrran treaty would be
unconstitutional because Congress did not
sanction the last canal project, and* for
other technical reasons.
° £>r. Jose inslgnares has been nominated
to succeed Dr. Joachim Vclez as Governor
of the Department" of Bolivar.
OTBTEK BA\T. Aug. 6.— As the canal sit.
u'atlon Is ufc<3entood here, the outlook fot
an agreement with Colombia so that the
Panama canal oti l he transferred to the
United States Is *louded by much more
than the probability that the Congress at
Bogota will ask foi.an extension of time
in which ratiOcatiorV can be exchanged.
It is now fully exacted that while the
treaty will b* ratifie^ it will be ratified
after amendments ha\t been made. Only
one thing more darnagi-'g could happen to
the Panama project, aid that would be
a flat rejection of the trVity. An exten
sion in the time for replication would
necessitate the drawing "ftof a new pro
tocol, which would have' to.be submitted
to the Senate at an extra se«ion. Amend
ment of the treaty would up once
more in secret sessions of th\ Senate the
entire question. Th«* treaty Which was
ratified by the Senate last Mai\h was the
most liberal one that the s\iate will
adopt. If the treaty comes bafc with^a
lot of amendments it is doubtfurorhether
the Senate would adopt any of tint.
The day the canal treaty wasWifled,
and while Senator Hanna was rqpiving
in* congratulations of his friends ad as
sociates'. Senator Morgan, sitting V his
committee room, said with his inscrVlble
smile; \
"They can ehake one another's bads,
and pat one another's back*, but tfelr
treaty -will never be ratified. In a -W
months the President will be followli^
Facial Dispatch to The CalL
NEW YORK. Aug. 6. — A nurse employed
in the family of ex-Fire Chief Samuel C.
Campbell of 413 West One Hundred and
Sixty-second street left the house to-day
with or.e of the children— George, 3 years
and G months old— for a walk along the
speedway. Passing the home of Andrew
McCormick, a retired Wall street man,
they were Joined by his 4-ycar-old son,
Andrew Jr.
When the three reached Central bridge
the two children managed in some way to
escape from the nurse, who notified tho
police, and a general alarm was sent out.
A short time after this the" two children
wandered down to the bank of Cromwclls
Creek, The children were dragging a
small express wagon, and as they nearcd
the edge a section of the embankment
caved in, throwing them into the creek,
which is about eight feet deep.' .Their
cries were heard by John Renning, a cart
man. Renning ran to where the boys
were, followed by Detective Curran, who
had been scut out in search of them and
also had heard the cries.
As he approached, Renning says, he saw
the McCormick boy holding tho little ex
press wagon and trying to keep the
Campbell child above the surface. Before
Renning jumped into the stream the
Campbell boy sank, and a moment later
the other boy disappeared. The children
were quirkly brought to the shore, but
both were dead.
Bullets Whizz in Railroad
Yard and Desperado
Is Wounded.
Special 'Dispatch to The Call
KINGMAN. Ariz., Aug. 6.— One of the
greatest gold excitements in the history of
Arizona is now on, at this' piace. . R. A.
Gurley, a mining man of Denver, a few
weeks n go discovered great reefs of What
was supposed, to .'be granite three miles
south of -Kingman, carrying values j of
from $10 to $100 to the ton in gold. He as
sociated with him M. B.' Carpenter, and
Sullivan Brothers, lawyer and bankers of
Denver,' and 'purchased' the ground from
G. C. Davis for a large sum. They quiet
ly located these -big reefs and have many,
miners perfecting title. ¦ * - -. • . • -
News of the llnd leaked out and for two
days every man In Kingman has been out
locating ground. 'Discoveries are', being
made dally and the rush from the outside
camps . Is- unprecedented. Every, train
brings new gold seekers from California.
Arizona, New Mexfco and Colorado. Con
veyances arc insufficient to meet the de
mand and are being brought in from out
side towns. Hundreds of men were out
in the field . to-day and .many rich speci
mens of gold were brought to town. Even
the^gulehes are being located and. gold
panned from the sands. The .whole.coun
try for miles north and south of. the San
ta Fe Railroad Is dotted with location
monuments. •
Denver and Idaho mining men are now
on the ground and sa>% the field is far
ahead of Cripple Creek or even the great
blanket depoElts\of South; Africa.'. ; -
turkey's Greatest gen
eral AND THE SULTAN'S
GRAND VIZIER.
Elude Nurse and
Plunge Into
Stream.
Miners in Rush
to Kingman's
Gulches.
ESCAPED CONVICT WHO WAS ARRESTED IN THE RAILROAD YARDS
AT AUBURN LAST NIGHT, ONE OF HIS CAPTORS AND A SCENE
ATTENDING THE MAX HUNT.
COLOMBIANS
MAY AMEND
THE TREATY
BABES LOSE
THEIR LIVES
IN A CREEK
Special Dispatch to The Call
BAR HARBOR, Me., Aug. 6.— Lieutenant
John R. Edic, if. S. N., made a call upon
the beautiful young widow, Mrs. Cornelia
Baxter Tevis, at her cottage here one
evening a week ago. Asa sequel" to the
visit the lieutenant is now undergoing a
court-martial, after having endeavored to
participate in a duel with Ernest A. Wilt
see, the fiance of the wkjow.
Mrs. Tevis, whose husband was a Cali
fornia millionaire and who is now only 20
years old, declares that Lieutenant Edie
offered her certain insults. Captain Emery
of the Indiana and a board of officers are
seeking 1 to discover to what extent, 'if at
all. the lieutenant was guilty of conduct
unbecoming an officer and 'n gentleman,
as charged by the lovely complainant.
']jfjLteutfi!iant.,Edle bis gone^on the naval
&fcmiiX5X^JN$}j* '^.V Wl1 t?ee has t been
persuaded to gtf-to Boston tfy the friends
who separated him and Lieutenant Edie
at the Kelso Valley Club dance on' Sat
urday night last, when th*y were prevent
ed meeting on the Held of honor only by
Inability to agree upon a choice of" weap
ons.
The affair has caused a most emphatic
break in the hitherto somewhat dull sea
son in the way of scandal. It is naturally
a great topic of the hour.
The questions: Will the Navy Depart
ment discipline Lieutenant Edie. \ even
should the findings of the court-martial
be against him. considering hi* "pull" at
Washington ?-and: Will there yet be a
meeting to the death between the young
officer, a hero ai Santiago, and the fierce
young Colorado society man fund million
aire?—are the burden of all discussions of
the affair.
The officers hearing the case have met
every night since the charges ' werct'pre
ferred at Malvern and have not yet ar
rived at a decision. They can only report
to Washington, where thp findings may
be pigeonholed.
Mrs. Tevls has with her at her cottago
her sister. One of. her friends In the navy
is Lieutenant Charles E. Courtney. It
was he who took Lieutenant Edie to call
upon Mrs. Tevis afid Miss Baxter. It ap
pears that Lieutenant Edic got the im
pression that there was to bo a lack of
strict conventions; that he and his chum
wero to have a lively evening with the
Western beauties. Very soon after the
introductions he is said to have seated
himself familiarly upon the arm of Mrs.
Tevls' chair. Whether anything was said
at tho time or whether the impulsive
lieutenant was frozen out of the cottage
is not made public, h\A the next day. Mr.
Peters, a close friend of Mrs. Tevis and
dier sister, was sent out to the Indiana to
lodge a complaint with Captain Emory,
with the Idea of 'having Edic dismissed
from the navy or severely reprimanded.
of tho leading Macedonian agitators, has
been appointed commander of the revolu
tionary forces, with Alexieff as. his prin
cipal lieutenant.' \
Tho London papers print mail letters
descriptive of the Macedonian situation
and dated the latter part of July, which
Indicate that the committee was vigor
osuly preparing for an uprising at the
close of the harvest. The members. of the
committee, according " to these advices,
have been. vainly hoping for an outbreak
of war between . Turkey and Bulgaria or
some other sensational occurrence, such
as a massacre of Christians, to give them
an opening: but nothing has occurred,
and although the situation is critical it
is Just possible that the committee may
still further. put off the date of tho out
break. : '
Meanwhile the Turks are more ready
than ever to strangle any, rising at ' its
birth. The imperial troops, poorly paid
and poorly." fed, exasperated by the pro
longation i of the crisis and , the necessity
of incessant, duty.; night and, day., are
preying upon the pesantry and- would in
dulge in barbarities upon the slightest
pretext. ; >: ,
Board of Officers Passes
Upon Lieutenant Edie's .
Conduct.
Widow's Fiance May
Fight Duel With j
Offender.
Court-Martial Fol
lows Alleged
Insult.
Mussa Bey figured prominently during
the Armenian troubles in 1S34-5. He
wounded Rev. Mr. Knapp, an American
missionary. In 1S95, but, despite the evi
dence against him, was acquitted. The
United States Minister and the American
missionaries resented the verdict and to
appease them the Sultan exiled Mussa.
Bey to Medina.
MASSACRES ARE PROBABLE.^
Turkey to Send Albanian ' Troops
Against Macedonians.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Aug. 6.— Consular
who was responsible for many of
the Armenian outrages, has escaped from
Medina with several other Kurdish chiefs,
where they have been living in exile, and
that all attempts to Intercept them have
failed. The Sultan was so incensed that
he ordered the immediate dismissal of
the Governor of Medina, this being the
third time Mussa has escaped. It is be
lieved that he will reach Kurdestan and
lead a new insurrection against the Turks,
with, perhaps, a repetition of the atroci
ties in Armenia.
LONDON. Aug. 6.— Advices from Ted
da, dated July 11, report that the
notorious Kurdish chief, Mussa Bey.
Bulgarians Renew Dynamite Outrages^ and War
Fires Are Blazing Fiercely Throughout
theVBalkan Peninsula.
MRS. TEVIS
ACCUSER OF
NAVAL MAN
MUSSA BEY ESCAPES FROM MEDINA
AND WILL LEAD THE KURDS IN NEW
INSURRECTION AGAINST ABDUL HAMID
Cntinued on Page 2, Columns 2 and 3.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY^ AUGUST 7, A 1903.
• VOLUME XCIV— XO. 68.
A LBERT SE AVIS, the desperate negro who escaped with tzvelve other convicts from Folsom prison,' was arrested in the railroad yards at Auburn last night after shooting at Sheriff Keena and Deputy Coan. The
jc\ officers emptied their shotguns at Scavis and he dropped to the ground slightly wounded in both legs. The capture of the outlaw was mainly due to the good judgment displayed by the crew of^a freight train. The en
gineer discovered Scavis on tlic engine and quietly sent zvord to the officers. Seaziis thrczv his revolver away after being shot and begged his captors not to kill him.
The San Francisco Call.
GREAT GOLD
FIND STARTS
A STAMPDEE\ANS\1LLE, Ind.. Aug. 6.— John Gilbert
Shanklln, for many years a leading Democrat
of Indiana, died tCM*»y after a Img Illness.
H« waa formerly 'editor of the Kvansvllle
Courier. - .
JACKSON. Miss., Aug. fl.-Returns
from the State up to midnight indicate
that In the Democratic primaries held to
day Senator H. D. Money received the
nomination -for. the United States Senate
and James D. Vardaman the nomination
for Governor. .
Senator Money Is Nominated.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 6.-A11 arrange
ments have been perfected for the pre
sentation at Sagamore Hill to-morrow to
the President of Baron Speck von Stern
berg as Imperial Embassador. succeed
ing Herr von Holleben, recently retired.
The departure from precedent on the part
of the President was made as a special
mark of favor to the German envoy, who
for more than ten years has been his
intimate friend. This is the first time an
Embassador ever has been presented to
the President outside of Washington.
Breaks Precedent for Friend.
the chase ia being pursued with renewed
vigor.
OAKLAND, Aug.-6.-F. P. Kane, a train
agent in the Southern Pacific Company's
employ, , says he saw a man answering to
the description of . escaped Convict Fred
Howard climb off the - brakebeam of the
THINKS HE SAW HOWARD.
Train Agent Kane Tells Oakland Po
lice of His Suspicions.
Kills a Union Picket.
CHICAGO. Aug. 6.— John C. Weller,
foreman In the cornice factory of E. A.
Rysdon & Co.. to-night, while being at
tacked by union pickets, shot and killed
Michael Sweeney, a union cornice maker.
Wcller has antagonized his union by re
maining at work while most of his former
fellow employes had gone on strike.
These men were next heard from again
near D&vtsville late in the afternoon.
Constable Hainline and Deputy Sheriff
Johnson were notified and they inter
cepted the suspects about a mile north of
Dax-lsvIIte.' They arc now in JaiL The of-
| George Wolgamote was In the slaugh
ter-house at the time the negro sudden
ly, appeared and asked for a can of wa
iter. A white man, a companion of the
¦ negro, remained on the outside and a
good view of him could not be obtained.
After the negro had procured the water
he offered some bridle bits for pale. When
Jie turned to go Wolgaxnote observed that
he had a big dirk knife and a pistol In
Jus pocket. Wolgamote was so excited
that he forgot to notice in what direc
tion the two men traveled. A man In the
employ of Joe Doran saw the negro be
fore he and his companion reached the
slaughter-house. Under Sheriff Brown
pays the description of the negro fur
nished by Wolgamote tallied somewhat
<losely with that of Convict Seavis.
Brown and Griffin scouted all over the
country from the Cache Creek bridge to
the Nelson bridge and searched through
the orchards, but without finding any
trace of them.
WOODLAND. Aug. 6.— The officers of
T«"ilo County were kept busy to-day run
ring down reports that two of the escaped
convicts from Folsom prison are In this
vicinity.
Notification was tent to the Sheriff's
office shortly after 7 o'clock this morning
that a negro, heavily armed, and accom
panied by a white man, had called at
Chalmers' slaughter-house, about two
miles north of town. Their actions were
such as to arouse suspicion that they
were escaped convicts. Under Sheriff
Brown and Deputy Griffin drove out hur
riedly to investigate the report, but no
trace of either of the men was found.
Officers Believe That He Is in Hiding
in Yolo County.
SEARCHING FOR HOWARD.
• The search for Howard continues along
various roads running through Sacra
mento and Yolo counties in the sections
fleers believe -they "are criminals and will
hold them until to-morrow. That they
are not escapes Is positively known.
When Roberts was arrested in Davls
ville the officers suspected tb,at he lied
about Howard and that the latter was
making his way westward through the
brush that lines the bank of Putah Creek.
The officers at Winters were notified just
before noon to-day that a man answering
the description of Howard entered Put
ker's drug store and made a purchase.
Putker, who has a picture of Howard,
notified the Constable as aoon as he could
be found. In the. meantime the suspect
disappeared In the brush along the creek.
Constable Warder after some delay struck
the trail and followed It to Pleasant Val
ley, where the suspect left the creek and
turned Into Pleasant Valley, going In the
direction of Vacaville and Suisun. War
der then returned to Winters and re
ported. A posse was sent out from Sulsun
and another from Vacaville to Suisun
with the hope of intercepting the suspect.
Dave Colburn, a young farmer, living
east of Wopdland. drove to the Sheriff's
office about 9 o'clock to-night and re
ported that a -Sacramento posse Is trailing
a man supposed to be Howard along the
old canal between Sacramento and Wood
land.
The inevitable state of depression fol
lowing the period of exaltation came to
day, and Roberts had a civil word for
nobody. To-morrow, the practiced officers
figure out, will come a renewal of the
craving for the drug and then, as one of
the Sheriff's posse, expressed It to-night,
"Roberts will tell the secrets of every
member of his family back to his great
grandmother if the prospect of more opi
um Is held out to him."
If there Is one man at the county Jail
In whom Roberts will confide it is Dep
uty Sheriff Timothy Haggerty, fourteen
years an officer at the Folsom prison and
a man with whom the convict has always
been on good terms. In fact, Roberts,
despite his uncommunicative mood,' has
already conferred with his former keep
er, and he told him a circumstance -which
has thus far been kept a profound secret.
Roberts has informed Haggerty that
when Convict Gordon left the band of es
capes at Mormon Island It was with a
white face betokening the agony he was
suffering from a bullet wound inflicted by-
Guard Tommy Ryan, who played such a
conspicuous part in the events following
the outbreak of the prisoners. Roberts
told Haggerty that Gordon simply said,
"Boys. I'm shot, and I'm going to leave
you here," and that he then disappeared.
Roberts says he does not believe Gordon
•was seriously injured, but was suffering
pain from a wound In the leg or arm.
Haggerty, who has known Roberts for
years, expresses the utmost confidence in
the truth of the latter's statement with
respect to Gordon's wound.
SEARCH FOR HOWARD.
PRISONER IS DEPRESSED.
After he had .been safely auartered be
hind the prison bars Roberts phowed a
spirit of elation, only too significant to
these who are acquainted with the work
ings of the drug of which he is a victim.
An unwonted shrewdness was apparent
In his every answer. Try as he might
District Attorney Seymour could not trap
him into a single damaging admission.
He parried every question with the skill
of an accomplished lawyer. Drink was
offered him in the hope that it might
loosen his tongue, but Roberts glanced
knowingly at his questioners and declined
the proffered stimulant.
pteel-hned tanks at the County
Jail and his manner fs that cf a man
either insensible of his. position or de
termined to brave out his case to the
last. When Roberts was surprised by
the Sheriff's posse on the banks of Putah
Creek yesterday afternoon h*t w-as In a
stupor from the effects of opium and he
was under the influence of that drug dur
ing th? long examination at the hands of
District Attorney Seymour upon his ar
rival at the County Jail last night.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 6.-Convict
James Roberts is lying morose and
uncommunicative In one of the
Roberts refuses to see any newspaper
men and the officers will not force him
to, do so. His story given to The Call at
Davisville, in which he detailed his move
ments, is the only one which he has thus
far vouchsafed the press. Roberts clings
to his plea of innocence of a/iy greater
crime than breaking prison with a tenac
ity which leads the officers to believe that
he has never learned of the death of
Guard William I* Cotter, the result of the
conspiracy in which he was a prime fac
tor. He said to-day that he was not
worrying himself as the worst they could
do to ' him would be to take away his
credits at the prison. At the same time
he rather plumed himself upon the fact
that he had been selected by his fellow
convicts to carry the sticks of dynamite
with which it was proposed to blow open
the armory if tnllder means failed.
Sheriff David Reese returned from the
Webber Creek country this morning. He
states that the bloodhounds were unable
to find a good trail of the convicls, who
have been seen there several times in the
past week. Reese said it had been deter
mined that if the hounds failed to find the
scent to-day they would be sent to Shin
gle Springs and . put on the trail, of the
man supposed to be Convict Case, who
ate supper at a hotel there last Monday
night. Reese states he does not believe
Case has been at Shingle Springs, and
Sheriff Bosquit of El Dorado is also skep
tical of the report.
Roberts was given two hou'rs of quizzing
this afternoon, but very little Information
was wrung from him. What the meager
information was neither Reese nor Sey
mour would divulge.
htf:- REFUSES TO - TALK.
When Haggerty and several other dep
uties reached the neighborhood • Howard
had disappeared, and has ever since elud
ed the pursuers. Haggerty looks for no
repetition of the Roberts experience when
the capture of Howard Is attempted.
Howard, declare all who. know him, will
make a fight for his life so long as he
is able to handle a weapon. He has as
saulted every officer at Folsom prison
who has sought to punish him, and dog
ged brutality is written on his counte
nance and manifest In his face and gen
eral demeanor. Roberts does not present
a heroic appearance physically, but How
ard, with his broad shoulders and fierce
manner, has long prided himself upon his
superior prowess at the penitentiary from
which he escaped.
BELIEVE ROBERTS IS LYING.
Sheriff Reese, his son. Edward Reese,
Deputy George Wlttenbrock and Con
stable M. Judge made a search of the
brush along the banks of the Sacramento
River on the' Yolo and Sacramento sides
and below this city for a distance of sev
eral miles this afternoon in the hope of
finding Howard, but their ettorta were
not rewarded with success. They returned
to this city to-night without having found
the slightest trace of the man they are
seeking.
Sheriff Reese and the officers under him
do not accept Roberts' statement that
Howard left him at Agricultural Park last
Tuesday, since which time the two fugi
tives have not met. Roberts has said
that when Howard separated from, him he
said he waa going toward Worth, Nev.,
where he has a brother-in-law employed
by the Southern Pacific Company. The of
ficers believe Roberts is shielding How
ard, a belief strengthened by the report
from a reliable source that Howard was
seen in Yolo County last evening, west of.
the Yolo bridge.
The prison authorities want Roberts re
turned to the prison without delay, but
Sheriff Reese and District Attorney Sey
mour will probably keep him here three
or four days and subject him to daily
"sweatings" In order to gain full Informa
tion from him as to the movements and
whereabouts of the other members of the
escaped convict' band.
bordering the Sacramento River. Deputy
Sheriff Haggerty said to The Call cor
respondent to-night that he is certain he.
would have captured Howard if he could
have acted at once upon trustworthy in
formation brought to him before sunset
yesterday. Howard was seen sitting un
der a tree at the time of day mentioned
at a point about a mile west of the Yolo
bridge. Beside him lay a rifle, while at
the moment he was examining a revolver
which he had taken from- the prison
armory post.
ROBERTS IS DEPRESSED
AND UNCOMMUNICATIVE
Authorities of Sacramento Feel Certain That He
Will Soon Weaken.
In the case of Springer It was shown
that C. L. Westlake and William Blake,
the pickets, had fired simultaneously on
Springer. The young men were exoner
ated, the jury returning a verdict that
Springer was killed accidentally by the
pickets in the performance of their duty.
The fugitive convicts tre being closely
pursued by the three trailers sent from
VlHcr rville Monday night. Sheriff Bosquit
received a report to-night that the trail
ers were but one or two miles behind the
convict band last night at sundown, and
the belief is expressed, both by Sheriff
Bosquit. and Deputy Sheriff Kay, that
news of a battle between the convicts and
posses may be expected at any time.
The Coroner's inquiry into the deaths
of Fcstus Rutherford and William G.
Jones, the young Plaeerville militiamen
who were killed by convicts on Saturday
rvening last, and the Inquest into the de
plorable but 'jnavoidable death of Philip
Fpringer. who was killed by pickets on
the same night an he was wandering
along the road, occurred to-day. The ver
dict in the cases of Rutherford and Jones
»a? that the deceased met death at the
hands of escaped convicts from Folsom
penitentiary, who killed the men with
murderous intent.
Sheriff Boisqult feels certain that Sheriff
Norman should succeed in wiping the
t-and cut, ap he ls^ ahead of the convicts
and can ambush them In the Cat Creek
country, for which the convicts are head
ing.
Nothing has been heard since morning
from Sheriff Norman, but he is believed
to be in the vicinity of Wileys Station.
The posse which ha? been in the Web
r>er Creek country with Ferrel's blood
liounds is now at Shingle Springs prepar
ing to take up the trail left by Case and
!i!s pals near there on Monday night last,
li is probable that the preliminary steps
i:i the *e$reh will be taken to-night.
The men were most respectful and dis
claimed any desire to commit murder, but
paid in positive terms that if they were
cornered they would fight to the death.
According to the statement of the Fuller
l'oyp th*» five men were eeen near the
frjstal mine, east of Copper- Lead, on the
Middle Fork of the Cosumnes, this morn
ing, but they did not go to the mine. They
finally disappeared in the brush. It Is
nuthortatively utated that on Monday
morning la*t the five men breakfasted
with the family of a miner named Smith,
paying for the meal and a quantity of
provisions with a $5 piece.
According to the news received the out
laws are traveling very slowly, and have
only gone five miles east in the past three
days.
victs who ambushed the Fo'.dl<*rs.
Two eons of James Fuller, a miner, who
lives at Omo, came into fcjacervlllc to
night and stated that five men. heavily
armed, took supper laet night at James
Hawkins 1 ]>:aie_/.M*hey purchased tooi!
and paid $3 for it, the same as they did
at Smiths place, at the Copper-Lead
mine. Monday night.
PLACEBVILL.K, Aus-' fi.-Positive
r.cws received here lato to-night
gives the location of the live con-
Fugitives Start for
the Cat Creek
Country. \
TRAINMEN GIVE VALUABLE AID TO OFFICEBS.
After the train stopped at Auburn Engineer Waters "no
ticed a man sitting alongside of the track. Waters got ,off his
engine, and going closer saw that the man was a negro. Waters
asked him where he was going and was answered, "Oh, I'm go
ing harvesting over in Nevada."
Operator Schnitzius then telegraphed the train dispatcher
at Sacramento asking permission to hold the train until the of
ficers could arrive.
' The trainmen played their part well, for it was fully twenty
minutes before the officers arrived, and the residents overlook
ing the station were none the wiser that Seavis was in their
midst until after the shots were fired.
Beyond saying that he was Seavis and begging not to be
killed the negro refused to say anything. He stubbornly re
fused to be interviewed.
His wounds were dressed at- the iail and he Was then
Coming up to his man Keena then asked, "Is this Seavis?"
and the negro replied: "Yes, this is Seavis all right, but don't
It ; : \yas then discovered that one of the shots had taken
effect in Seavis' right leg and the wound was paining him in
tensely.': Some distance away was found a revolver, which. the
convict ha<Uhrown away.
A large crowd soon gathered and willing hands con
veyed the fellow to the jail.
According to Brakeman Hair Seavis got on the pusher
engine at Newcastle, four miles below Auburn. He was seen
on the road about three hundred yards below that station, but
evidently could not get on until the train slowed up.
Continued From Page 1, Columns 6 and 7.
Convict Seavis Is Wounded and Captured at Auburn
CONVICTS WHO AMBUSHED AND KILLED
SOLDIERS CLOSELY PURSUED BY TRAILERS
¦? — ¦
Officers Expect a
Battle With
Outlaws.'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, FRIDAY, AUGUST 7, 1903.
"This man started to walk down the
track away from the . freight train, and
as our train speeded up I could see him
slinking along."
i'As we slowed down crossing. the. draw
bridge a man Jumped out from the bag
gage coach truck and started down the
track. We were running then toward
Benicia. It was at 8:45 o'clock this morn-
Ing. The man pulled his hat down over
his face and had his coat collar turned
up. He was smooth shaven, wore a
brown slouch hat and a brownish coat.
His hair was cut short and I couldn't tell
what color it wfca. He appeared to be
about 5 feet 7 or 8 Inches tall and weighed
about 160 or 170 pounds. He had a promi
nent nose.
"I was within six feet of him and had
a good look at the man. who acted so
suspiciously that I could not help but
observe him. It was the cry from the
freight train men that must have scared
him out from under the car. I am.' sure
he was not an ordinary 'hobo,' because
they will not get out unless driven away
by force.
"As we were passing Cygnus I was
standing on a passenger coach platform
and heard the crew-on a freight train on
the siding yell. 'There's Howard on the
trucks.'
baggage car on the westbound overland
train this morning at Cygnus switch, be
twen Sulsun and ; Goodyear. As soon as
Kane arrived at the Sixteenth-street sta
tion he notified Policeman McCloud and
later the Chief of Police. Kane said:
"When the woman regained conscious
ness her pitiable screams attracted the
attention of passers-by, who rushed to
her assistance. She was taken to her
home, where she told of the brutal out
rage. A posse of the most prominent cit
izens of the county was organized and
set out in pursuit of the negro, who
escaped to the woods. The mob is fully
armed and bent on lynching the negro
when he is apprehended. Mrs.' Stowe is
In a critical condition^ as the result of
her experience. Her assailant is a well
known negro, C. E. Burns, who has been
practicing law in that vicinity. A report
received late to-night states that the
bloodhounds have scented the trail and
WHEELING, AV.Va., Aug. 6.-St. Clairs
ville, Ohio, a small city in Bellmont
County, was thrown Into a panic this
evening when it became known that Mrs.
M. E^ Stowe, one of the most prominent
and higrhJy respected residents of the
town, had been attacked by a young ne
gro lawyer. The young woman had been
out for a walk in the afternoon and re
mained later, than '.she had anticipated.
About 6 o'clock she started for her home,
the route extending-' through a lonely
tract of woods." When > within 200 yards
of her home she was seized by the negro
and thrown to tho ground. She made a
brave but unsuccessful struggle for her
honor. r; ,
Armed Mob Is Bent 09
Lynching Colored
Lawyer.
HOUNDS TRAIL
FUGITIVE NEGRO
Seavis was dressed in a light coat and dark : trousers. He
wore a light felt hat with the rim turned down. There was no
mistaking his identity, as^the photographs sent out were an ex
act likeness. -
Sheriff Keena and deputies had been in from the chase in
El Dorado but twenty-four hours and. were waiting to go out on
the hunt at a moment's notice. It 'is understood that .District At
torney Seymour of Sacramento will arrive to-morrow and en
deavor to get a statement from the negro.
Seavis says that he had walked fifty miles since last night.
Under Sheriff May believes that Seavis came into Placer County
from El Dorado by way of the Rattlesnake bridge on the El
Dorado side. This trail would be southwest of Pilot Hill, and
crossing the river he would come up the Rattlesnake road to
It 'is believed here by the officers that Case is somewhere
in this locality, as he and Seavis'are known to have been travel
ing together.
The full names of the trainmen who materially assisted in
the capture are Operator J. P. Schnitzius. Conductor O. N. Nel
son, Enginemen Ed Waters and F. Mezger, Brakeman G. N.
Hair, H. Gibbs and W-. B. Demerett and . Firemen Spark and
Baker.
placed in his cell. The doctor found that there were two flesh
wounds, one on each leg. They are not serious.
Operator Schnitzius speaks very flatteringly of the bravery
of the train, crew. Brakeman H. Gibbs wanted him to get him a
gun and he would go after the negro himself. Engineer Ed
Waters threw him off his guard and Conductor Nelson and the
others carried out their parts o/ pretending to be busy unloading
freight.
CASE IS THOUGHT TO BE IN THE COUNTY. .
2
AD VEBTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
v . / ' OF THIS >
CONDITION AND AFFAIBS :
— — — OF THE
Agricultural
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF'WATERTOWN. IN THE STATE OF
New York, oh the 81st day of December,
A. D. 1902. and' for . the . year ending on that
day, as made to .the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to .the
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Po-'
lltlcal Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the '. Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up ' ' %: '¦
in Cash ". $500,000 00
- .'• ASSETS.',' .' ~~ ~T
Real Estate Owned by Company.. $344,505 00
Loans on Bonds and 'Mortgages.. 584,715 07
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. SS5,189 25
Amount of Loans secured by
pledge of Bonds, Stocks, and
' other marketable securities as
collateral 321,202 40
Cash in Company's Office 13,834 21
Cash in Banks 179,732 70
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 14,948 33
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 10,177 71
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 20S.025 14
Due from other Companies Tor Re-
Insurance on losses already paid 1,273 46
Commissions on unpaid reinsur-
ance •' 2,663 39
Total Assets $2,566,268 78
;i, .'• LIABILITIES. '
Losses adjusted and unpaid $41,804 79
Losses in - process of Adjustment
or In Suspense 62,931 32
Losses resisted, including expenses • 12,621 32
Gross Premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less, $902.-
751 00; reinsurance 60 per cent. 451,375 50
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year,,
: $1,551,303 00: ' reinsurance pro
rata . .. •••••'•; "' 822.077 91
Commissions and Brokerage due
and to become due. 47,185 09
Reinsurance . premiums 10,873 17
Total liabilities 41.449,169 10
INCOME. ==
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,221,705 42
Received for Interest on Bonds
and Mortgages ...:.... 37,471 82
Received for interest and divi- '
dends on Bonds, Stocks, Loans,
and from all other sources 54.674 01
Received for Rents 4,502 68
Received from all other sources.. 114,412 73
• - Total Income ../....... $1,462,836 56
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
, (Including $98,934.70, losses of
previous years) $619.237 00
Dividends to Stockholders 50,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or •
Brokerage 838,279 73
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 88.027 71
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes •• 47.353 36
AH other payments and expendi-
tures "."... • 119.734 29
Total Expenditures ; . . ..$1,262,632 09
Fire!
Losses Incurred during the year.. $648,248 00
Rlaks and Premiums. | Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount. of t Risks
written during the
year $163,845,700 $1,781,635 00
Net amount of Risks
: expired during the
year 158.849,100 1.614,816 00
Net- amount -in , force - ¦ '-^
December 31, 1902. 245.005.200 2.454,054 00
". ':• ¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ A. H. SAWYER. Prest.
W. H. STEVENS. Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 24th
day of January. 1003.
L. B. COOKE. Notary Public.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS, Gen'l Agents,
411 and 413. California st.. : S. F. Cal. .
CEO. H. MURDOCH & SON, City Agents,
412 California St.. San Francisco. Cal.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIBS
FIBE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NETV TORK; IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on tb«v31st day of D-cember. A.
P. 1902. and for tha year ending en that day.
ss made to the Insurance Commissioner of th*
State of California. 'pursuant to th*» provision*
• •t fM»i.>nj. w u»r D|t ,.r .f^. roiltic— * om*,
condensed as per blank furnisned by the Com-
missioner.
' CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock* paid up
in Cash J 1400.000 00
ASSETS. """
R*aT Estate. owned by Company... $73,000 OO
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages... 54. SCO 00
Cash Market Value of all Stock
and Bonds owned by Company.. 8S0.579 00
Amount of Liana secured by pleds*
of Bonds, Stocks and othi»r mar-
ketable securities es collateral.. 5,000 00
Cash in Company's Office 3. 023 Oft
Cash in Banks 55.937 43
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans... S. 153 31
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages' 1.083 J>7
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 331.517 7*
Rents due and accrued " 400 OO
Total Assets- $1,410,101 60
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $24,904 (W
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 59,102 5!>
Losses resisted, including expenses. 1,200 0O
Gross Dremlums on Fire Risks
running one year er less. $1,115,-
905 70; reinsurance 50 per cent.. 571,733 7S
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more than on* year.
$50,705 57; reinsurance pro rata. 30,123 "3
Due and to become due for bor-
rowed money 70.000 00
All other liabilities 49,927 83
Total Liabilities $SCA,996 79
INCOME. "
Net cash actually received for F're
premiums $938,897 60
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 2,712 22
Received for interest and dividend*
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and
from all other sources 21.4RS 74
Received for Rents 4,S"O 4S
Total Income $367,006 X*
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount raid for Fire Losses
(Including $S1.143 10. losses of
previous years) $C9f,697 50
Net amount paid for Marine Louses •>t I t' >
(including * , losses of pre-
vious years) 2. IS*? "1
I>J viciends to Stockholders 12.000 0O
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 131. 7IQ 41
Paid for Salaries. Fee* and other '
charges for officers, clerks, etc. . IS.182 74
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 11.161 ai
All other payments and expendi-
tures 1 1.3-6 Si
Total Expenditures _£?!L.?IL!!i
Losses Incurred during the yea-'. . $404.710 65
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Ri>*s.| Premiums.
I
year-V:..:::..:.. ...I $KI.iS3.W2!«.:HM» 35
Net amount of Risks
ye^r": < !.. d " H . n !..^! «1W.«= 803.009 23
Net amount In force _ .»«»«« «-.
December 31. 1902. .1 r«.l«1.30Q 1.166.70127
" e C. JAMESON. Pres.
lVmAN' CANDEE. Sec.
Subscribed and »wo« to before mo this SOth
day of J«nj^W. Notary Public.
EDWARD FROWN & SONS,
GENI* AI ' AGENTS,
411 and <*13 Califoria St.,
SAN /RAXCISCO. CAL.
ttWEY t STR0N6 &C0.^gSK
(L patents; J5
n market slsfSSSt
DIRECTORY
oeResponsible houses.
Catposue and Price Lists Mallei
/ on Application.
TBESH AJTD SAT.T MEATS.
IAJL BOYES & CO SJUPPUi* Butchers. 1<H
jp. Ul/lUJ U W, ciay. Ttl. Mala 1204.
OILS.
tfBRICATING OILS. LEONARD A ELLI3.
; 418 Front st. S.' F. Pho n « Main m&j "»
[I wuaTxsoT *
1E.CBDGHES. » ls SS iF<
¦
STATEMENT
'.; * * OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIES
/ THE
DELAWARE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN* THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania on the 31st day of Decmber,
A. D. 1902, and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provision- o* M**i«ni, 610 » n d Ml r**.*^* Po-
litical Code. 'condensed «s per blank rurnisjjea
by the Commissioner: ¦ .. - ¦
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid; up '¦ '¦/
In Cash -ytflgJ^CO
ASSETS. .VXf--
Real Estate owned by Company... *2«>.5W 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 118,700 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Eonds owned by Company. 871,001; S\
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.. 225.0OO 00
Cash In Company's Office s j« ss
Cash In Banks • W.063 j-
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans ll.SiS 01
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and MortRage* 1. «3O 02
Premiums In due Course of Col-
lection f- 159.703 51
Bills receivable, not Matured, •
taken .for Fire and Marine Risks. 2,i91 «<J
Rents due and accrued 51; SA
Perpetual premiums uncollected .. 801 60
Total Assets .tl.6M.3M 71
LIABILITIES. ~ ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $1,975 00
Losses in process -of Adjustment _
or in Suspense «.s>65 00
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 3,780 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- -*
ning one year or less. -$565.- -,.-.„.
027 81: reinsurance B0 per cent. r 2S2.963 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
' ning more than on© year. $691,- :
708 95; reinsurance pro rata 339.138 61
Amount reclalmable by the In-
sured on perpetual fire insurance
' policlea 113,222 97
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.. 77 00
Commissions and Brokerage due
and to become due 27,563 39
Total Liabilities $813.200 87
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $737,1S5 4!>
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 5,605 42
Received for interest and dividends :,-\
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and
from all ether sources 4«,739 M
Received for Rents 9,63.1 3.T
Received from all other sources.. 125.446 17
Total Income $924,580 C9
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including ? . looses of pre-
vious years) $401,39758
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage- ......: 179,576 07
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 60,864 46
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 21.785 34
All other payments and expendi-
tures 53,726 29
Total Expenditures J71 7.340 63
: ; -V'V Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $397.187 11
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks.) Premiums.
Net amount of Risks!
written during thel
year . . /. $83,284,005 $1,017,223 22
Net amount of Risks
. expired during the
year 77,295,042 8S5.274 52
Net amount in force
December 31. 1002.. 112.946.190 1.257.636 7tt
'.-.' CHARLES H. YARNALL. Vice Prest.
HENRY LYLBURN. Secretary. t •
Subscribed and sworn to before me this - 19th
day of January. 1903. .
RICHARD H. REILLT. Notary Public
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS,
411 and 413 California St.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
. PAUL M. NIPPERT, City Agent.
r dr.pierces ~
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE I
1 BLOOD.1IVER.UJNGS.
JH^Bb&A MEN AND WOMEN.
*fJt$lwiRycr&£3*93S Uie Big O for unnatural
JBBSr lu ttel d »7»-vl discharges, inflammation*.
MSBtm Guaranteed 1Q lrriutlom or ulcerationi
H*fcJT not to •trtotsM. of m neon ¦ membranes.
r % Prw»«ta Co«tafi««. Pain'.eas, «nd not aitrin-
EftftlTHEtYANSCHEMlCAlCO. cent or poisonous.
*Kg& C!NCINMTI,0.H35| Sold by Brants!*,
wHtk. C. 8.4. jfgg" or tent in plain wrapper.
rnWiWlfflfci i<lKSI br exprn.i, prepaid, for
"V^Hir SBSSfiKSnH •l-OO. or 3 bottle* *2.7S.
-• H ctrculu- sect on rtauesi.
ADVZHTISEMENTS.
Chas. Keilus & Co.
Exclusive
Kfgh-Qrade Clothiers
No Branch Stores. No Agents.
Some ABC Suggestions
Don't it Appear Feasible
That Being Exclusive
liigh-Grade Clothiers and
For Men Only That All
Our Styles and Fabrics
Have Distinction of Note
. K fc a r a y »> t rV e e - 1
T.h u r 1 o w Block
' DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
TO BE DEPENDED ON.
Because it In the Experience of a
San Francisco CltUen'and Can
Readily Be Inveatlffated.
A stranger lost in a large city would
place far more dependence on the direc-
tions given him by a local resident than
the guidance of another stranger ¦ like
himself. This Is a natural consequence
of experience. It's like a ship In a
strange port— a trusty pilot familiar with
the harbor is always called upon to bring
her safely to her moorings. So it is with
Indorsement: we doubt the sayings of
people living at distant points because
we can't investigate, but public expres-
sion' of local citizens can be depended on,
for 'tis an easy matter to prove It. Evi-
dence * Ilka the following- Is beyond dis-
pute: . .
B. Edgecomb of 934 Mission street says:
"I knew from the condition and the ac-
tion of the secretions from my kidneys
that those organs were . not doing their
work completely or as satisfactorily ' as
I wished. I tried different medicines, but
without any effect, or If any it was so
unappreciable that I could, not notice it.
It was different with Doan's Kidney. Pills.
They do not act on the bowels, but act
directly upon the kidneys, soothing,
strengthening and purifying them so that
they perform their functions properly. ?
For sale by all' dealers. Price, 60 cents.
Foster-Milburn Co:, Buffalo, N. »Y., sole
agents for the United' States. • '. '^; -
Remember the name, Doan s, and. take
nn; tiihclilnta ; •
Things are getting interesting/ Good news, they say, ||
travels fast, but it seems that a good many people are just |
getting on to the fact that Gildea had a fire and waa compelled |
•to offer his stock at a, sacrifice. . \\
Hadn't you heard of it? |j
Well, here's the story. i\
It happened. July 27th. The fire-department was very |
prompt. Some few garments were burned, but the bulk of the ji
damage was done by. smoke and .water. Every garment in ||
the store, whether otherwise damaged or not, smells of smoke. |j
We don't want them. You do if you want real bargains, for |
you have the time to air them out and we haven't. n
We started out with $50,000 worth of goods; and we have y
F I
Of course you are interested in the price part of this sale, | J
and we will tell you all we have room for. . ||
OVFRfOAK that sold for ; 1WFNS SUITS that * 5 o ld I or \\
UVEKlUAla {rom $IO to $30 IUE113 3U113 f rO rn $18 to $.v> 8
are offered at the Fire Sale for are offered at the Fire Sale for M
$4.00 to $18.00 from J9.00 to $18.00 g
BOYS' SUITS &g %* 2S TROUSERS g^"",,'; $; S $
$8.00 are offered at the Fire Sale $500 are offered at the Fire Sale U
for for ' p
$1,75 g*£?.?° $1.45, $1.90, $115 and $3.15 (
I On All Goods Not Damaged by Smoke 20% Dis- i
count Allowed Off the Regular Marked Price. |
J. J. GILDEA J
796 Market St., CornerOrant Avei~_jWASHINGTON, Aug. 6.— General GI1
lcspio, chief of engineers, will be desig
nated president of the Board of Ordnance
and Fortifications on the retirement of
C-incrul Miles \
General Gillespie's Promotion.
OGDEN. Aug. 6.— Charles Sullivan, an
employe of Rlngling Brothers' circus, was
fatally shot at 5:30 o'clock this morning
near Hooper, about six miles south: of
Ogden. Sullivan had ordered a hobo trom
the car and the latter sh'ot Sullivan twice.'
one of the bullets penetrating the lungs.
The hobo escaped- Sullivan Is from New
York City, where he has a brother and 1
sister, and another sister lives in Buffalo,
JCcw York. .'-....:
Hobo Shoots Circus Man.
ELIZABETHPORT. N. J.; Aug. 6.— Five
vessels now beins built at the Crescent
shipyards have been seized by the Sheriff
on a writ of seizure granted' by the Su
preme Court Commissioner on the appli
cation of Frederick L. Heldlltter'& Co.,
timber ' and lumber merchants of Eliza
beth. The seizure Is made for lumber
and other materials furnished by the firm
and used ~Mn the construction . of vessels.*
The vessels seized are the gunboats Tam
plcoand Vera Cruz, being built for the
Mexican Government: the ferryboat
Plainfleld. beinrr constructed for the Cen
tral Railroad of New Jersey; the steam
yacht Czarina, building for Charles S.
Bryan of New ; York, and the side-wheel
steamboat' "Happy;, Day, building for
Charles M. Schwab. .
Crescent Shipyards, Constructing
Gunboats and Steam Yachts,
Finds Itself in Straits.
SEIZURE OF VESSELS
, FOR THE MATERIALS
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 6.— Annie E.
Shapley; -who Was arrested In New York
on Tuesday and brought here to answer
the charge of raising United States postal
orders, to-day confessed that her opera
tions had been carried on since May 25,
and that the New York City. Trenton,
Newark. Yonkers, Brooklyn, New Ro
chelle and other postofflces In New York.
New Jersey and Pennsylvania had been
victimized. by the raising of postal orders.
The -postal inspectors say Airs. Shapley
is one of the cleverest" women forgers in
the country.
WOMAN FORGER ADMITS
RAISING POSTAL ORDERS
Mrs. Annie E. Shapley Confesses to
Extensive Operations Defraud
ing - Eastern Offices.
SCRANTON. Pa., Aug. 6.— Conrad
Sohroeder, one of the wealthiest con
tractors and builders in Pennsylvania,
fihot himself In the head to-day, dying
almost immediately. His family say that
the revolver exploded while he was
changing It from one pocket to the other.
He returned from New York last night
apparently in a happy mood. . Schroeder
was a delegate to the national convention
which nominated Benjamin Harrison for
President. He was rated as a millionaire.
Millionaire Shoots Himself.
CALL .BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W.. WASHINGTON) Aug. 6.— Great in
dignation is express*^ by officials of the
Indian Offic* over thcsdetails of the sun
•lance as practiced by Vic Indians of the
<'h«>enne and Arapahte agency several
days aco for the allege^ benefit of two
scientists. The wpII knt*vn tendency of
oven the most highly ekicatc-d Indians
t«*- revert to a eemi-barba-ous state al
ways cause* uneasiness anong the heads
of the Indian Office when\anythir.z oc
curs on the reservation with 13 likely
jo «-xeito the red men. OCiciUs here fear
lhatt a great deal cf rrstivej^s and un
easiness will result amons cie Kiowas
* r.x a consequence of the ill savised en
thusiasm cf th? two scientists.!
One of the officials who 'has lfted many
ExiecUl Di«Pi*cb to The Call
Lowe has been advised of his daughter's
.death since he started on his journey
from the East, but will continue his rec
ord-breaking run, for which all arrange
ments had been made before the aew3
was communicated to him. I-
LOS ANGELES', Aug. 6.— The Lowa
special over the Santa Fe Railroad, which
left Chicago at 10:15 yesterday morning
for this city, is breaking all transcon^
nental records. The schedule, as ar
ranged, called for a run between Chicago
and Los Angeles, a distance of 2265 miles,
in sixty-one hours. Up to 5:45 this even
ing, at which hour the special reached
Albuquerque, three hours and fifteen min
utes had been gained. If the same ratio
of gain la maintained for the remainder
of the journey the special should reach
Los Angeles in about fifty-six hours. It
Is due here at 11:13 Friday night, but prob
ably will come in about S o'clock.
record for the run between Los An
geles and Chicago, eastbound. Is held by
the Peacock special, which. In March.
1900. made the distance In fifty -seven
hours and fifty-six minutes. It is a coin
cidence that the Peacock special was also
chartered by an official of the United
States Steel Corporation, and It was for
the purpose of enabling Peacock to attend
the meeting of the directors of -the big
steel corporation at the time of the con
solidation that the record-breaking run
was made. USA
The discrimination against Wilson &
Co. was not relished by the league mem
bers, and when a reply to the proposition
made by the league for a settlement was
received at the Builders'. Exchange, de
manding that the proposed settlement
must be made at once and not within ten
days, as specified, the league decided to
withdraw the whole plan and stand on
the original ground, which demands that
the workmen of all trades return to work
.on the Wilson contracts on exactly the
same conditions as existed before the
strike began, and thatMhe question of em
ploying union workmen, as well as, wa go
scales, would be taken up and arbitrated
PITTSBURG. Pa., Aug. 6.— Unexpected
developments in the peace move of the
Builders' Exchange League caused a new
break in thp plan for general operations
next weok. ' After the proposals for the
ending of the lockout had been sent to
the Building Trades Council yesterday,
which stipulated that the league should
employ only union .hoisting engineers
pending a settlement of the scale, it was
discovered that with one exception not a
contractor in the city was employing un
ion engineers as such, nor had they recog
nized the Hoisting Engineers' Union. No
attention had been paid to the other con
tractors by the workmen, -but they sin
gled out A. & S. Wilson as the firm to.at
tack and compel the signing of the union
scale before any. one else.
NEW YORK, Aug. 6.— Following a
weak, almost panicky, opening, to-day's
stock' market suddenly reversed Its
course, substantial gains beini; registered
by practically all the better class securi
ties. The average of net advances was
about 2 points. In some instances gains
were much' greater. New York Central
led the active list with a net- gain oi 3?&-
The change of front which occurred in
the. early trading was doubtless duo to
several reasons, the most potent of which
was the "good" buying whlc*i seemed to
emanate from high quarters. There is
little., room for doubt that stocks, were
purchased j freely ; to-day by Insiders— by
banks, : banking houses, financial institu
tions generally /and wealthy individuals
because they sfeemed cheep. No justifica
tion-could be found for th» report rather
industriously circulated that the Vander
bilts. Rockefellers \ and Harrimans, ¦ with
their host "of followers, had entered upon
a planUo lift prices. As a matter of f.\ct,'
no ; little part "of to-day's • Improvement
was undoubtedly due to extensive cover
ing. Many on ' the short sid'j regarded
the; market as being very much ovetsijld.
Despite the marked improvement, further
talkof trouble and probable failures was
heard on every side almost'to the close,
which was really buoyant.
Reports current In' trustworthy circles
suggest •¦ that several firms and Individ
uals whose affairs were found to. be* in
Builders' League De
cides to Withdraw
Disciplined.
. *
Scientists Who Incited
Indians Are to Be .
Average of Net , Ad
. vances Is About
2 Points. '
Train Is Breaking All
Transcontinental
Records.
LOWE SPECIAL
SPEEDING WEST
PROPOSALS FAIL
TO END LOCKOUT
STOCK MARKET
SHOWING GAINS
CRUEL SUN DUNCE
STIRS UP STORM
Methods of meting out punishment to
the scientists who are charged with re
sponsibility for the sun dance are under
consideration at the Bureau of Ethnology
in this city. Professor William H.
Holmes, chief of the bureau, to-day re
quested James Mooncy, special ethnolo
gist, to write a report of his investiga
tions and researches during the sun
dance, especially bearing upon the point
of his alleged Incitement of the Indiana
to perform certain barbarous rites in con
nection with this dance. This report also
is expected to cover the part in the dance
played by Professor Dorsey of the Field
Columbian Museum.
years on the frontier compared the res.
ervatfon Indians to a peaceful and so
cial tiger in captivity, which is all right
so long as it is not unnecessarily pro
voked or does not come into contact with
.¦inything that arouses his latent savage
instincts. .But the tiger or the Indian is
a deuSIar menace when his wild animal
Fpirit is awakened. The inciting of the
Indians to perform the ancient sun dance,
with its cruel and inhumane features, is
expected to arouse the Indians.
POTTSVILLE, Pa.. Aug. 6. -The concil
iation board appointed to adjust the dif
ference** between the anthracite miners
and the operators to-day failed to agree
on any grievances and made an appeal to
the-Judges of the Third Judicial Circuit
of the United States Court for the ap
pointment of a seventh man, or. umpire.
The questions, in dispute will be referred
to this umpire, whose decision wl'.l be
final and binding on both parties. The
strike commission in its award creating
the conciliation J)oard directed that if its
six members, three from each side, could
not agree an umpire should be named by
one of the Judges of the Third Judicial
Circuit of the United States. ' Judge Gray,
who was on the commission, is one of the
judges p/ the Third Circuit.
Conciliation Board Fails to Adjust
Anthracite Troubles.
ASKS FOR UMPIRE.
at once. This withdrawal of the peace
proposition places the lockout in the same
position it was a week ago, and the fight
is still on.
?-
bad shape have been permitted to make
private settlements, thus saving them
selves such sacrifices as would inevitably
have been made had their holdings, been
thrown upon the market.
The day's business was slightly less
than one million shares. Stocks that mada
the most extensive net gains included
Sugar, American . Tobacco preferred, St.
Paul, Colorado Fuel and Iron. Delaware
and Hudson, Denver 'and Rio Grande,
General Electric, Hocking "Valley pre
ferred, Illinois Central. International
Power, Louisville and ! Nashville 'and
Metropolitan Securities, New York, Chi
cago and St. Louis second preferred.
North American, Rubber Good's preferred,
Southern Pacific, Virginia-Carolina Chem
ical common and preferred, Wabash re
ferred. Westln/nouse Electric, Wheeling
and Lake Erie second preferred and St.
Louis and San Francisco and Eastern
Illinois certificates, the latter advancing
10 points.
Marked improvement was shown also
in the bond list.
THE SA:N FRANCISCP CALIi, FRIDAY, AUGUST 7. 1903.
3
ADVEETISEMENTS.\
• Vour grocer is glal to
moneyback Schilling's Best
tea baking-powder epices \
coffee ft* voring extracts *oda \
and ncbody wants the moneV
j&&i- Mah'c Suits : ¦ ¦ Siiits- • ' ¦¦¦ '»AA&.- v
Whether you call upon us with a precon- 'Our line of young men's suits for the fall of -fs^i^^fcs.
M^S^^^^m^i ceived idea as: to the kind of suit you want or 1903 is considerably larger and more comprehensive >^^^^»S#fe
/M^mSimm^^^m whether vou come fancy free, you are practically than any we have yet produced That it is better
Jilfyi^ certain to find here exactly the right thing iirfit, clothing in every way. is due to the fact that we have mM^^m^^lm.
/^^^J^mRSii stvle pattern and price • - niuch improved our manufacturing facilities. Noth-
/^^^li?^^^^^^^ra . , ' • \- t . A ing has been left undone to produce the be^t pos- '^M^^^^^^$^m^^
In almost any one -line, we have enough to sib i e do thes for the lowest possible prices. ¦
mllr completely stock many retaH stores. We study This vear we show a wonderful assortment of fc^^S^^g^i
i^^^^P^^^P our customers aesires;, and as we manufacture youths' suits from 12. to 19 years at $8.50. The §0^MmM^^S^^i
the clothes ourseWes, we keep the store well r abrics come in beautiful dark mixtures, striped
stocked with what is most wanted by the San effects, blue serges and blue cheviots. "^^m^^^^mm/
fel^^^^^^H Francisco public. T hey cojne in singie and doub i e breasted styles.
iMiMm^^M^^ Besides the vast assortment, which is a dis- w e will repair, sponge -and press the suits free of \
tinct advantage, there is the maker-to-wearer charge any time they are brought in. This preserves
mW^Wf P rice that means such a savin 2 t0 vou - a savin § e wear of the g a ™ ents an3 saves you at least $5.
Wi^^^^^^M an y man appreciates who likes to make his dol- Th e suits are on display in our show windows.
lars count , Our new fall line of bovs ! sweaters have arrived. •
For example we have a suit which we make As we unpacked them we were surprised ourselves - W^^^^^^^
to sell in our stores regularly for $9. Garments to see the beautiful color combinations and the vast W$?&0M W^W'^i
5^^&€| made up like ours sell about town for S12.50 in assortment. The stitching is the latest, the styles iS^-#f INlPP^
lltflf i|i|# stores that do not make their own g° ods - ' the newest " W$§M$
tipW Thp^p QiiiK irp union made— S N Wood We bu y tne sweaters in immense quantities di- WMiM W®m&
Wm^mSM made-guaranteed and money-backed. They rect from the mihs, and them at lowerj)nces 0,<0£y :
IPI Mm! a re mack up in the latest fall cuts and patterns. n >: ou usua y pay, quality considered. Particular |||@ WSKM.
MiJfe? ThA ann^ orSfanrv rhpviots hhrW tW\hrt* hlup attention is called to our line at $1.00. The other IPSSi PfSli
mBS^'-fflBBffl ' inepooasareianty cneviots, DiacK tnioets, Diue • <* t 7 c ct so «i 7c: iqn H *? no WWMi $W$&3
&0Z* WBM and black cheviots and blue serges; single or prices are 5)1 .^5, 5>I. 50, 3)1. 75»and W.UU. wilS0 fe##^
SN^f' mPr double breisted stvles* outside breast Dockets- B °y s calico waists, separate bands, in light anU ' §zm&- v f#S%l
S^ &fe bS^ho^dS'lewed with silk We sdf 2?h dark P atterns > our 25c waists for 20c - f&Mi
MSI fsu1tfor$9 00 "Mothers' Friend" shirt waists, made of the g|||
00$ plfif l ' # — best percale, two separate collars with each waist; to $0$Mi fe^^'
What is true of our suits is true of our close outbroken lots, our 75c and $1.00 waists are |g|| |g§|J -
life, W0%-x^ overcoats. Our assortment is extensive; our going at U( r- l : . . W&M l^Siv
kM^ /^*a^ nrirpc c^rp vnu mnnpv dov^ HK ni coioreci soil naib, in an snapes, at f- ;•:..•; i^Us^-
sa^ WfflSzL^ prices sa\e \ou money. # oor inH <?;i ?o ImSM m^-
W®^. • Covert too coats in a number of shades, v yutdnu^i.ov. # — ±:]^ F&$&;
fe Ion? overcoats' in blue and black kersevs and S ,. Boys blue and -mixed golf caps, in a hundred Jg||!
" 'hp\n"nt«;^O 00 patterns, Zoc ana 4«?c. • v^-^vfv'
j^^^ * " ' . . School Buttons free. We have them for the Primary, §QM
W^ll S7&CN3 FROtiprt Men S fancy worsted Striped pants in a Gramnw, Evening and High Public Schools of Sin _ .
number of patterns on special sale at $2.25. Francisco. W%*?, £*?=£
- @$leL^ '' * Don't think "that because we so often speak.of our . - .-i0^
&'**&'¦ (Br '""" $10.00 suits that this is the limit in our made-to-order :; t^& :i v - \\ ®f ' P^ : " 4 (1(1
R* uW department. We make .suits to measure fom $10.00 .|||| ' "Wff ! 0 I |UU
• ;: fi^^^^^^^^^^S^v^/ffrr^^^^^L Our prices for made-to-measure suits range from
For business wear our $1.30 hats are well adapted /^^^^^^^S^^^^^^M^ WW tO Here is .ojood value in the latest Style
as the cost is small and they wear well. At this price |^^SHB^^^H||iPP ._ : . golf shirts. The price IS $1.00; the value at
you can afford a new hat every three or four Out-of-town orders for made-to-order clothing filled— satisfactory least $1.25.
months, and the hats will always look well. fit assured through our self- measuring system — write for samples. Madras golf ShTtS in white tan and blue
We have them in stiff ami soft shapes in all the ! — . — ' "¦' '" ' ¦' *. V — — ' ? grounds, with stripes, figures and polka dots,
"id SS PC C ° meS; m 1^ i M A T~ 1 _ i 1 se P arate cuffs ' cushion°col!ar button protec-
"Hats like these are sold in exclusive hat stores We ml mail orders for | M § dF\ dHh W\ C^ /&&*& T/>0 °"' y **"" ma P ufac ' { Q T and other Comfort features, CUt full SJ2e,
for $2.00 : our price men's or boys' clothing, %ggg& Q • K li | %< I | | tunng all their men's, sizes 14 to 17; price
. CpioOly j catalogue. | .740 Market Street I l'> ' gfyJUHv/Boycotts and strike* fully and frankly dis
cueeed in the Wasp. .. \ •
MALDEN, ; Mass. "Aug. Ve.— Captain Georr*
r.\ Hollls. aged 46. formerly United Stat«
Consul at . Cape TowA.= South died her I
¦ STOCKTON. Aug. 6.-Deputy C n ", Ift
Collector Ellis to-day seized empfy cl gar
boxes ,in four Stockton saloons „ S
dence against the proprietors who fallVd
to cancel the Government stamps iliS
Tuesday he secured evidence ftfivL fc
Deputy Ellis recently warned localSS?'
Revenue Law Violators Arrested
ST. HELENA, Aug. 6.— A meeting of
the grape and wine men of the State will
be held here on the 15th lnst. for the pur
pose of discussing a national law regulat
ing the manufacture and sale of - adul
terated wines. The meeting has been
called at the suggestion of Congressman
Bell, who desires to obtain' the consensus
of opinion of the wine industry before
Introducing a pure wine measure at the
next session of , Congress. All members
of the delegation in Congress have been
invited to attend the meeting.
Hembers of the California Delegation
in Congress Have^ Been In
vited to Attend.
WINElOftr OF THE STATE "
WILL MEET AT ST. HELENA
/VALLEJO. . Aug. 6.-A reception was
given at Mare Island last evenine bv
Captain Dlxon, U. S. N., chief of th
steam engineering department of the navv
yard, and Mrs. Dixon in honor of S
son and his bride. Mr. 'and Mrs John i
W. Dixon. who arrived Monday f r±
Brooklyn N T where they wer^marrfed
KJSSS: take up *«r^il??n
Reception at Mare Island.
Forest Is Burning East of Folsom.
FOLSOM, Aug. 6.-A sharp fire in the
woods east of town caused some alarm
this afternoon, a report being circulated
that the County Hospital was in danger
of destruction. A large force of men was
dispatched to the scene a,nd succeeded In
keeping the flames from approachine
wtthli* a quarter of a mile of the hospital
A powder magazine, owned by a minintr
company, in which two tons of powder
were stored, appeared In danger at one
time and there was a scattering of sieht
seers when the flames approached the
building. The fire is under control
Secures Large Tract of Timber Land.
EUREKA, Aug. 6.— B. F. Durphy df
this city, who left for the East yester
day, has, with associates, secured control
of more than 100,000 acres of sugar pine
land located on the east slope of the
South Fork of Trinity River. Engineers
have made a survey from Eureka into
this body of timber and beyond to meet
the Southern Pacific at Redding. It Is
said that a large lumber manufacturing
concern of the East has been interested
in the project and will build a railroad
within two years. Large mills will also
be erected. . -¦•'•¦-
Brilliant Function by the Member*
of California No. 183 in'
Golden Gate Hall. ->'
The third annual banquet and ball of
California Chapter No. 183, Order of thi
Eastern Star, were given in Golden Gat j
Hall last evening. It was a brilliant func
tion, there being more than 400 ladles and
gentlemen in the tastefully decorated halL
The banquet-room waa made beautiful
with bunting, flowers and evergreens.
After a choice menu had been gono
through Past Patron John Tonringsen, aj
toastmaster, in an address of welcome,
introduced Harvey D. Loveland, tha
worthy patron, who made a pleasing re
sponse, after which Worthy Grand Patroa
Lyman C. Byce responded to "Our Or
der" and Cecelia Cords Mvored with a
recitation. Samuel M. Shortridge re-
Tsponded to "The Ladles." paying those of
the Eastern Star a prettr compliment for
the good work in which they are engaged.
Margaret Hewett. soprano, sang a bal
lad. Past Grand Mas-er Charles L. Pat
ton responded to "T*e Masonic Widows'
and Orphans* Home,*" for which the ladles
of the order have tone much., The pro
gramme closed witt* a tenor solo by Lout*
A. Steiger.
After the supp^ all returned to tha
ballroom, where to delightful music,
many danced un<* a late hour.
The affair wa/ under the direction of
the following r*nied committees:
Arransement«-^ohn Tonningsen (chairman).
Mrs. Cscella. jCr.fis. Mrs. Grace Buswell. Mrs.
Emma C. M TJlerbach. Edwin T. Mullen.
Reception — Xt- William C. Hassler (chair
man). Captair'and Mrs. Alexander Woodsid?.
Mr. and Mrtf Ed Algeltinger. Mr. and ilr?.
Clarence Ayr*. Colonel and Mrs. Charles. Bcx
ton. Dr. an/ Mrs. James A. Black. Mr. an i
Mrs. WJllWh E. Cumback. Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas S.j&uke. Dr. an<1 Mr , c i>i C hmlller.
Mr. and jr»- William GUndeman, Mr. ani
Mrs. Wlliwn Grover. Mr. and Mrs. Julius A.
Haste. Co»nel and Mrs. Aloph Huber. Mr. ami
Mrs. An(WW •Turpln. Mrs. Lizxle Tonninssen.
Dr. and *«¦ Isaak Jones. Mr. and Mra. Henry
Knust. |r. and Mrs. Benjamin Korta. Sherlif
and Mr/ John Lackmann. Captain and Mr*.
Thcmaj^A. Nerney. Dr. and Mrs. FranK
Pague./Chlef George W. Wlttman. Dr. and
Mrs. Charles H. Roese. Mr. and Mrs. Charic*
O. Sw^bergr. Mr. and Mrs. Charles ThlerbaoM.
Mr. afl Mr». Richard L. Radke Mr. ami "J' J -
Henr/Schaemer.
Fl«Jr— Otto F. Boye (chairman). Thomas P.
Andt^s. Alexander Bergen. Henry N. B<-*»' :v - ¦
Sair/el A. Clarke. Hamilton Elliott. Dr V I
r. jtaston. Albert B. Ebner. Howard VT. Fer
guiin. Henry Frank. Robert L. Franc?. H«r
mit V. Glngg, Dr. Albert B Ores?*. Edwar.i
Ciigory. Rahyh Hathorn.. Matthew J. Undsay.
JMTy T. Uaviside. Mark Lennon. Harry S.
jfioson. Wi'liam McKay Hanry Lundsteot.
rfward D. Mendell. Colonel Georg" H. PiPPT.
J7."7 y 2*'- Thomas. Dr. Thomas W. 3«vi»*
imon un«er. Dr. James W Liken*.
EASTERN STAB. CHAPTER
GIVES BANQUET AND BALL}
Council of Knights of the East (fourth apart
ment) — Music: Operatic march, ;;"operatlo
chorus, baas solo, chant, ; Lord's - prayer : and
grand chorus; director of ceremonies. Harry J.
Lask, 32°, K. C. C. H.; property master, Wil
liam H. Hlndle, 30". Choir — Director of music.
T. - K.; Wittlch, 30»; tenors. Benjamin Clark.
30°, . end ' Clarence T. , Wendell. ; 32° ; - bassos,
Louis i A. Larsen, 32\ and Julian Eisenbach,
IB*. ': ¦¦¦' "¦•"¦_¦¦''" ¦.¦" ' ' ¦. '. ¦- '',-.' ¦ :,._-.¦. '¦- ' ".
The degree was produced after the man-
Guards of the treasury — First guard, Alex
ander G. Rhodes 32° ; second guard. Jay H.
Reist 32"; third guard, Clayton K. Smith,, 32°;
fourth guard, James G. Rafael, 32". - •: -.¦¦
! Music — Operatic march, operatic chorus,
tenor solo. "The King."
The following named 'took -'pact in the
several sections of the work:
Council of the, Jews at Jerusalem (flrst and
third apartments) — Worshipful ruler, Francis
H. E. O'Donnell, 82», K. C. C. H; excellent
high priest, James £». Robeson, 30°; excellent
scribe, Frederick Krause, 32*; first saigon,
Jacob Mueller, 32 s ; second salgron, John Nield
32""; chief steward, Bernard F. Stromberg, 30°;
assistant steward, Horace H.Halght.- 32° ;
guardian of the temple, Enos B. Smith, 32*;
Prince Zorobabel, Louis L. Nelson, 32».
Hebrew guards — Captain, Francis V. Kees
llng, 32°; first guard, Walter E, Logan. 18°;
second guard. Alexander J. Patterson, 32";
third guard, Christopher Kelser, 32* ; fourth
guard. Percy H. Dubols. 32°; fifth fruard. Jud
son McCully, 32°; sixth guard. , Edward C.
Prindle. 32». i, 1
Music — Oratorical !" march, sadred' chorus,
march of triumph.
Court of King Cyrus at Babylon (second
apartment)— King Cyrus.." Francis H. E.
O'Donnell, 32°, K. C. C.H.; Prince Master of
the Treasury, Charles L. P. Marais, 32°; Prince
Chancellor. Philip Jacobovlcs, 32"; •• Prince
Master of Cavalry Thomas I. Miller, 32* ;
Prince Master of Infantry, Eugene Van Court,
32°; noble guard of the tower, Edward Pierce,
30" ; Prince Zorobabel, Louis I* Nelson, 32°.
Royal guard of the paJace — Noble captain,
Henry W. Adams, 32»; noble guards. Irwin O.
Griffiths (32°), Benjamin Dallerup (32°), John
A. Hill (S2°). Hans R. Sorenson (32°), Iven»
V. Ralph (82 rf ). James Prlngle (32°).
This was the ceremony of the 'fifteenth
degree. Knights of the East, of the
Sword, or of the Eagle, conferred by
Gethsemane Chapter No. 2, K. R. C, A.
and A. S. R. F. of the Valley of Oakland,
upon Invitation of Yerba Buena Chapter.
The ceremonies were conducted with a
solemnity and impressiveness never sur
passed in this city. The degree was con
ferred on a class of fifty, who occupied
seats in two sections in tl^e east. The
r obes worn were procured at a cost of
several thousand dollars and the sym
bolical paraphernalia was of solid , silver
and some heavily plated with gold, while
the altar was dressed in heavy, pure
white silk, ornamented with gold fringe
and embroidered gold emblems. *""
OFFICIATING MASONS.
'.he full form with elegant costumes,
but such degrees were conferred under
these circumstances last night under the
direction of Yerba Buena Chapter of Rose
Crolx. No. 1. D. H. R. D. M., of the An
cient and Accepted Scottish Rite of Free
masonry for the southern jurisdiction of
the United States, Valley of San Fran
cisco,. Orient of California. The ceremony
was conducted in the preceptory of the
rite, Commandery Hall, Masonic Temple,
in the presence of a large number of
members of the fraternity entitled to wit
ness the same.
THE conferring of the^ higher de
gress In Masonry, as they are called.
Is something that is seldom done In
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 6.— Instruction^
have been received at the local land of-*
flee from the general land office at Wash-*
ington foT the withdrawal from all forma
of disposal of upward of 12,000 acres oi
Government land lying in the bend of thai
Colorado River, north of the Yuma la*
dian reservation and located In San Dlegd
County. The withdrawal Is made on ac+
count of the projected Irrigation worl4
under the national Irrigation bllL
Government "Land Is Withdrawn.
Paraphernalia Is
of Silver and
Gold.
SAN DIEGO, Aug. 6.— The Board of Su
pervisors has passed an ordinance con
cerning the running of automobiles, which
regulates the speed of such vehicles so
that It be proper and reasonable and such
as not to endanger life or property. A
penalty of from fifteen, to thirty days in
jail is included as an alternative to a
fine of from $25 to $100 for violation of
the ordinance. The law further specifies
that any person driving such a machine
shall, when about to pass any horse, mule
or an ass being ridden or driven on a
public highway of the county outside the
city limits, immediately bring such ve
hicle and its motor to a full stop at the
right side of the road or upon the outer
side of a graded road and keep the ma
chine and its motor at a standstill until
such animal or animals shall have passed.
VIS ALIA, Aug. 6.— The Board of Super
visors of Tulare County has passed an or
dinance limiting automobiles to a speed of
twenty miles an hour on county roads In
this county.
M. W. T. Harry J. ., Lask, _• most - wise and
perfect master; M. E. Francis V. KmllnV
senior warden; M. E. Philip Jacobovlcs. junkfr
warden; M. V. George Varcoe, orator- M V
William 8., Moses, hospitaler; M. V William
H. Crocker, treasurer; M. V. Henry Burne?
secretary ; M. V. Marion McQ. , Ogckn. , master
of ceremonies : ; M. V. Burnside Cromwell "ex
EfU",^", Frank -O. Allen, assistant expert •
«• Yr- Charles Phipps. guardian of the! temple :
M. V. John D*Arcy, sentinel. r lc ™P' e »
The last two degrees will be conferred
by s the officers of Yerba Buena Chapter
who are:
After the chapter had been closed In due
form there was an adjournment to an ad
joining hall, where a supper was served
to nearly 400. Wise Master Lask of .Yerba
Buena Chapter was the toastmaster. On
his immediate right sat Wise Master
O'Donnell of Gethsemane Chapter and on
his left Louis L. Nelson, the Prince Zoro
babel of the same chapter, while on either
side were the officers, interspersed, -of the
two chapters. Owing to the lateness of
the hour at which the ceremonies "were
concluded there were no set speeches,
but the toastmaster delivered a short ad
dress of welcome to the visiting f raters
from the Valley of Oakland and thanked'
them for the very efficient manner in
which the ceremonies were conducted.
At a special communication of Yerba
Buena Chapter on Thursday evening next
there will be an illustration of the mys
teries of the sixteenth degree, or -Prince
of Jerusalem. Knight Philip Jacobovics,
junior warden, .communicant, and the
illustration of the mysteries of the seven
teenth degree, or Knight of the. East and
West. Knight Francis V. Keesllng, senior
warden, communicant, after which Knight
Harry J. Lask, M. W. and- P. M.. will
explain the symbolical degrees of the
rite. During the . evening the choir will
render \ appropriate music. An elaborate
supper will follow the work.
Thursday, August 20, there will be the
exemplification of the most sublime of all
the Scottish Rite degrees, the eighteenth,
or Knight Rose Crolx, j of the Eagle, or
of the Pelican, D. H. R. D. M., conferred
with all the accessories appropriate to the
occasion, in full form and ceremony,-. with
incidental music, new lights and scenic
effects and augmented choir. "
SUPPER IS SERVED.
ner of the finest Eastern cathedral of the
rite and the costumes used are the finest
and richest ever made on this coast. The
Oakland team, which had been drilling for
this event for months, was, at' the close
of the ceremony, highly complimented for
the manner in which it had been pre
sented.
SPOKANE. Aug. 6.— A romance extend
ing over a quarter of a century comes
to a happy climax next Wednesday, when
Weldon Brinton Heyburn, United States
Senator from Idaho, will marry Miss
Gheratine Yeatman of Chester County,
Pa. Years ago young Heyburn met Miss
Yeatman. like himself, a Pennsylvanlan
of Quaker ancestry, and they became
friends. In 1884 the young lawyer came
West and settled in Idaho. He became a
leader lat the bar, acquired wealth and
last winter became United States Sen
ator; but he did not forget the Quaker
girl. Now he has gone East and it is an
nounced they are to be. married next
Wednesday, probably at the home of the
bride's mother. A wedding trip to Spo
kane and Alaska will follow.
Engineers will cross the Tuba to-mor
row and from the foot of C street will run
a direct line to Sacramento. The survey
from Oroville to Marysville is completed.
The work was very carefully done, grade
stakes were set and It is believed that the
survey is intended to be permanent. Prior
to this a preliminary line was run be
tween these two points, and the conclu
sion is reached that the same plan will be
followed In running the line to Sacra
mento. The work being done now will
very likely be gone over again and some
slight changes made before the route is
permanently established. By the time the
gap is closed between this city and Sacra
mento it is figured that practically the
entire survey from Beckwith Pass to San
Francisco will have been completed.
There is no longer any question in the
minds of the people of this section that
the Western Pacific people mean business
and that the enterprise is backed by large
capital. Some of the surveys in • the
mountainous district above Oroville were
gone over six times In an effort to estab
lish easy grades, and every Indication
points to the fact that tbe"^rork Is being
thoroughly done regardless of expense.,.
The corps of surveyors here is made up
of fourteen people. There are thirteen
similar crews scattered along the line
from San Francisco to Salt Lake City,
and they are rushing the work to comple
tion as expeditlously as possible. So far
as learned no steps have been taken by
the company regarding a site for a depot
and wharehouse at this point. ¦
WILLITS, Aug. «.— The Santa Fe Rail
road has sent out another large body, of
engineers to-day, from here on the ter
minal work for their line north of here.
This Is the third large ,party; that, has
been equipped here In the last few weeks.
MARTSVILLE, Aug. 6.— The Western
Pacific corps of surveyors who have been
camped here for the past week finished
their work in this city to-day. The line
as run passes from a point between the
two cemeteries near the northern bound
ary of the city limits straight south on C
street ita entire length. C street is one
of the principal thoroughfares of the city,
but those who are familiar with the sit
uation nay that the present survey does
not necessarily mean that the new rail
road company intends to ask for a fran
chise ( to lay tracks on this street The
surrounding country is practically level,
and the line as far as this city is con
cerned is believed to be simply a prelim
inary survey, from which to make esti
mates and which may be changed later
on.
San Diego Passes a Law
Governing the Use of
Automobilea
ORGANIZATION WHICH EX
EMPLIFIED THE WORK OF
PROMINENT LOCAL LOIXJE.
Goes East to Claim the
Sweetheart of His
Youth.
Western Pacific Survey
ors Finish Work at
Marys ville.
SPQKANE, Wash.. Aug. 6.— Death by;
strangulation from being hanged over an
electric guy wire at the corner of First
and Fillmore streets by masked men un-»
known to the Jury is the substance of tha
verdict returned by the Coroner's jury afe
Asotin, Wash., in the Inquest over tha
body of William Hamilton, who was
lynched Tuesday night for the murder oj
little Mabel Richards. Hamilton's body;
was buried in Asotin cemetery this morn*
Ing. his father and two or three othe»
men taking it to the grave. No funeraj
ceremony was held. _ j
William Hamilton, Who Was
Lynched at Asotin, Is Buried
Without Funeral Ceremony.
BODY OF MOB'S VICTIM
CARRIED TO THE GRAVE
MOST NOT SPEED
MOTOR MACHINES
IDAHO'S SENATOR
ABOUT TO MARRY
MAP OUT LINE
FOR RAILROAD
LEE IN TEARS
IN JURY-ROOM
Former Lieutenant Gov
ernor Tells of Bood
ling.
WAHE REFUTES CHARGES
OF VIOLATING RULES
Pension Commissioner Bays He Has
Never Had a Coach or
Coachman.
TOPEKA, Kans.. Aug. 6^— United States
Pension Commissioner Eugene F. Ware
reached Topeka to-day for a twenty-four
hour stop en route to the G. A. R. reunion
at San Francisco.
In reply to a question as to the charges
cf Albert Martin being dismissed from
the Topcka Pension office as being a vio
tion of the civil service rules. Ware said:
I have not seen the newspaper accounts of
the chaiges. but understand I am charged with
promoting my coachman !n the burelu *, I
new had a coach or a coachman I think this
must be a mistake. We have done more
business in the Pension Office thi« ™ 8t m £Ir
than in any similar time In the preVious ttn
Mf-ar*. As you will we I « m not charged with
misconduct of office in any manner save a
violation of the civil service rules. No short*
ape cf funds is alleged. - "
In reality it eeemg to be an attack unon
the administration through this bureau by en °
tnies of President Rooeevelt. I court the molt
Held investigation by the Civil Service Com-
Stolen Letters Are Recovered.
BAKERSFIELD, Aug. 6.-About fifty
letters addressed to the Standard Oil
Company, Los Angeles, were found in a
box car at Kern and delivered to Post
master Edmonds to-day. The letters had
been opened and If anything of value waa
found it had been taken. Checks amount
ing to several hundred dollars, however
were discovered, not being negotiable, the
robbers did not take them. !
Burglars Rob & " Postoffice.
SAN JOSE/Aug. 6.— The postoffice, the
Wells-Fargo express office and Wright's
grocery at College Park, a suburb of this
city, were robbed last night. Entrance to
the postofHce was gained by breaking the
glass of a window. About $12 in stamps
and stationery was taken. There was $150
In the safe, but the burglars did not at
tempt to break into the strong box.
Wright's store lost about $2 and the ex
press office nothing.
Boy Hunting His Mother.
CHICAGO. Aug. 6.-A 17-year-old Portu
guese boy. August Ferrelra Gonsalves. is
staying at detective headquarters while
the police department is attempting to lo
cate his mother, from whom he is said to
have been kidnaped by his father seven
years ago in Honolulu. The boy tells a
Btory of hardships encountered since he
started penniless from Funchal, Madeira
lelands. where his father died nome months
B£o. He reached New York as a stowaway
and Is trying to go to Oakland. Cal.. hav
ing heard that his mother had made her
way there from Hawaii.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo.. Aug' 6.—At
torneys W. H. Phelps of the Missouri
Pacific and John H. Carroll of the Bur
lington were before the Cole County
Grand Jury to-day. They spent only a
short time before that body, and the gen
eral Impression is that they gave but
¦little information of value. It is impos
sible to learn along what line their evi
dence was Riven.
Elmer E. * Phlpps of Kansas City, a
former member of the House of Repre
sentatives, and Dr. A. G. Hildreth, a
member from Adair County, were the
other witnesses examined. The latter
was a member of the committee which
Investigated charges made by Speaker
Whitecotton that boodling existed in the
House in connection with the textbook
bill. It is believed his testimony related
to that investigation.
It has been learned that the Grand Jury
is investigating a report that an attempt
was made to secure money from brew
ers to effect thfe passage of the beer com
promise bill by which brewers were re
leased from paying fines for violation of
the beer inspection law on the condition
that they pay a stipulated sum into the
State treasury and obey the law in\he
future. Tony Stuever, C. J. Lemp and
Philip Stock, St. Louis brewers, were be
fore the Grand Jury this afternoon and
are supposed to have given testimony on
the matter.
J. W. Hensley, Representative from
Gasconade County, was also a witness.
He was a member of the committee ap
pointed to Investigate the contract labor
system at the penitentiary, and it is sup
posed he was questioned regarding- at
tempts to hold up contractors at the pris
on. Hensley resigned from the commit
tee, stating that he was not permitted
to see evidence taken by that body.
Speaker Whitecotton, who made charges
on the floor of the House that boodle
was used in the textbook legislation, and
which charges started the boodle Inves
tigation, appeared before the Grand Jury.
Former Lieutenant Governor John A.
Lee was again a witness. It Is believed
he identified the Lee-Kelley telegrams
and told of the transactions to which
they related. He broke down while in
the Jury-room and wept, and it was some
time before he could regain composure
and continue his testimony.
Superintendent Payne of the Postal Tel
egraph Company reported to Judge Hazell
this afternoon that his company could
find no messages ! handled between for
mer Lieutenant Governor John A. Lee
and D. J. Kelley, the baking powder leg
islative agent, in either Jefferson City or
St. Louis offices. ,
Superintendent Frankel of the Western
Union Telegraph Company submitted
some telegrams handled by that company.
Judge Hazell examined the telegrams to
decide if they should go before the Grand
Jury. Certain of ' these he ordered pre
sented tn th« Grand Jury.
Despondent Woman Kills Herself.
SAN* BERNARDINO/ Aug. 6.-News
bas been received here of the suicide at
Dawson City. Alaska, of MrsV Van Wie,
who. was formerly a nurse in the High
land Asylum. For. five years Mrs. Van
Wle had been struggling to amass wealth
sufficient to provide for her fatherless
children, whom she left in Southern Cal
ifornia. Just when she had accomplished
her purpose, her health gave way and
she was prostrated. In a fit of despon
dency over^ the hopelessness of her situa
tion she committed suicide.
SANTA ROSA. Aug. 6.— The report of
the Sonoma County Horticultural Com
mission, presented to the Board of Super
visors this afternoon, shows the general
condition of crops in this county. A ,pest
hitherto unknown here is In the Dry
Cr*fk Valley, in the northern portion of
the county. It is described as a snout
beetle, which bores into the wood about
three-quarters of an inch, going in from
the north and east sides of the trees, op
posite from other boring insects. The at
tack is seldom made more than four feet
from the ground, and the trunk and large
branches are the parts most affected. The
infect has not been identified, but its ori
gin is being inquired into!
The prune orchards are not looking well
this year and peaches will be light.
Phylloxera is actively at work In sev
eral portions of the county, and has also
been found in the vicinities of Vine Hill
and Forestville. where the sandy soil was
supposed to prevent its ravages. The fly
ing season of the phylloxera seems close
at hand, as many of the insects have
wing pads forming. A blight has ap
peared In many vineyards resemblipg
anaheim. The pernicious scale and the
oyster shell bark louse are tound in many
of the apple orchards. Hop yards are
looking well, the season and weather con
sidered.
SNOUT BEETLE DAMAGES
SONOMA COUNTY ORCHARDS
Indications Are That the Prune and
Peach Crops Will Fall Be
low the Average.
San Jose Parlor Is the oldest Native-
Sons organization in Santa Clara County.
and starting- with a membership of thir
teen now has several hundred names on
its nutf^taz " -i "¦/- xt —•=¦¦.. ''..-— ~/v
SAN JOSE, Aug. 6.— San Jose Parlor No.
22, N. S. G. W., celebrated its twentieth
anniversary this evening with an outing
at Alum Rock Park. Native Sons and
Daughters from this city and Santa Clara
were present in force. Musical and liter
ary exercises and dancing made up tha
programme. I>r. Decker, past grand pres
ident, and a number of San Franciscans
were present. Dr. Decker, who was pres
ent at the institution of San Jose Parlor,
delivered an interesting address. Prom
inent members of the three San Jose par
lors and from the Daughters also spoke.
The park was brightly lighted with elec
tric lights. It was after midnight when
the gathering broke up.
NATIVE SONS OF SAN JOSE
CELEBRATE ANNIVERSARY
Dr. Decker, Past Grand President of
the Order, Delivers an In
teresting Address.
8Cme time during Sunday night a chargs
of dynamite must have been placed under
the cabin and touched off. Pieces of tha
cabin were blown for a distance of a
mile, and the first thing that struck th»
packers was to ascertain whether or not
Egbert had been in the cabin. The men
made a careful search of the surround
ings, but found no trace of a body. It is
still unknown if Egbert was in his cabin
at the time of the explosion. His friends
believe, however, that he was not in tna
hut, but the fact that his whereabouts
has not been ascertained has caused m
strong suspicion that he was asleep Irj
the cabin at the time. A vigilant searc>|
is being made to locate Egbert, and if nd
is not found within the next few days a m
other search of the surroundings will be*
made.
One day last week a cabin belonging t<*
a miner named Shale, who also reside^
near Gold Lake, was burned while th©
owner was absent. Shale was in Downier
ville at the time and is satisfied that tha
fire was of incendiary origin.
NEVADA CITY. Aug. 6.— Miners around
Gold Lake. Sierra County, are greatly
excited over criminal happenings there.
On Sunday night a log cabin at Gold Lake
owned and occupied by John Egbert was
blown up with dynamite. The report was
so loud that it was heard at Basseta sta
tion, six miles from Gold Lake, and a tel
ephone query was sent to Sierra City ask
ing if any of the powder-houses around
there had been blown up. Monday morn
ing packers who visit the Gold Lake coun
try regularly were surprised to see that
the Egbert cabin was blown to atoms.
Nothing remained but • some splintered
wood to indicate where the cabin had
stood.
Owner of Place Is Missing
.Since Explosion and May
Have Periahed.
The police believe that Mr. Hodge can
materially assist them in solving certain
feature connected with the murder and
will communicate with him at once.
Mrs. Hodge persistently refuses to give
any information as to the identity of her
accomplice. A picture in Mrs. Hodge"s
effects has been identified as that of a
man who was seen in company ¦with
Ryan and Mrs. Hodge a few days before
the murder. Mrs Hodge at first said the
picture was that of her husband. This
she now denies. The police believe this
man was the accomplice and have reason
to believe that he ; s in Mexico.
Chief of Police Burbldge to-day received
a letter from Cornelius Hodge, the hus
band of the woman who has" confessed
to the shooting of Ryan. The letter Is
dated Hieh Grove, Cal.. and contains an
inquiry us to the facts connected with
the murder and expresses a desire to be
present at the trial.
SALT LAKE. Utah; Aug. 6.— Mr*. Au
rora Hodge, who confessed in Grand
Rapids, Mich., that she was implicated in
the murder of William X. Ryan, an aged
fpecta.de peddler, near Murray, Utah, a
few weeks ago, and who has been
brought here for trial, has considerably
modified the statement she first made in
regard to the killing- and now declares
she did not fire the ehot that killed Ryan.
Ryan's remains were exhumed yesterday
and a large bullet hole was found in the
top of th* head;' When Mrs. Hodge was
told of this sheappeared much surprised.
She said to her attorneys:
If he died from that wound I did not kill
him. I admit that I ehot at him, but I do not
admit that I killed him. I tied Ms hands over
by the big tree, but he rot loos« and started
*?t»r me. I had to protect rr.yeelt and fired
at him. I fired at his side.' It would have
be*>n impossible for me to shoot him la the
crown of the head when he «ai up and run
ning. If he died from that vound I did not
k!!I him. He was not tied when I ehot at
him. ar.d if he vras found tied some one else
Uid it.
Declares Seme One Else
Must Hare Tied Ryan
and K Ued Him.
Mrs. Hodge Modifies Her
First Confession of
Murder.
An Unknown Miscreant
Uses Dynamite to v De
stroy BuildingA
DENIES FIRING
THE FATAL SHOT
CABIN OF MIRER
BLOWN TO ATOMS
HIGHER MASONIC DEGREES CONFERRED AMIDST
SURROUNDINGS OF THE GREATEST SPLENDOR
THE SAN TRAN CISCO GALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 7, 1903,
4
I NEXT SUNDAY'S
"^ ; ART SUPPLEMENT,
••THE RUSSIAN WEDDING, "
Effectively framed either In
Flemish brown, ebony or gilt
fiame, about three or four
mchesj/framed closely.The agreement shall continue for twenty
years, dating from September 22, 1902, and
shall be terminable thereafter at five
years' notice on either side. It is pro
vided that the British Government has the
right to terminate the agreement at any
time should the combine pursue a policy
injurious to the interests of the British
mercantile marine or British trade. The
International Mercantile Marine Company
agrees that the chairmen of its British
committee shall accept service on be
half of the American company, of any pro
cess or other document arising in connec
tion with the agreement. The Lord High
Chancellor is appointed referee in any
dispute arising out of the agreement. His
decision in law and. fact shall be final.
The agreement Is- signed by Gerald Bal
four, for the Board of Trade; Admiral
Lord Kerr, senior naval lord, and Bear
Admiral May, third naval lord, for the
Admiralty; Sir Clinton Dawkins, on be
half of the International Mercantile Ma
rine Company, and by the directors of the
constituent companies.
combination. At least one-half of the ton
nage built or acquired during the contin
uance of the agreement shall be regis
tered as British. Any company hereafter
taken into the combination shall be sub
ject to the same terms. The British com
panies included in the comDlne shall con
tinue to be British companies, qualified
to own British ships, and at least a ma
jority of their directors shall be British
subjects. Nothing shall be done to jeop
ardize the existing British register or the
right of a vessel to fly the British flag.
Any British company .hereafter absorbed
by the combine shall be subject to the
conditions of the agreement, and the-com
bine shall advise the British Government
of any other lines of whatever nationality
they may be that may hereafter be ab
sorbed.
PROVIDENCE, R* I., Aug. 6.— The
members of the sub-committee of the
Senate Committee on Finance are assem
bling at Senator Aldrlch's country , resi
dence at Warwick, preparatory^ to' dis
cussing • informally the details of the
financial -bill: which, is -to be presented at
the next, session of Congress. The sub
committee includes Allison. . Aldrich,'
Spooner and Platt of Connectlcu* :
Finance Committee Assembles.
The Identity of the firebug is not known,
but a restaurant keeper in the block who
has been gambling heavily of late is sus
pected. The damage from a' fire here
would reach into the thousands.
Early this morning a Chinese passing
a stable adjoining that of Gow Kee smell
ed burning punk and stepped in to In
vestigate. In the center of a stack of
alfalfa hay he found an ineenlous con
trivance of undoubtedly Oriental origin.
Several pieces of punk had been fastened
together and about. two inches 'from the
tops blocks of matches attached. Pieces
of paper had been fastened about the
matches. The punk, would have burned
down to the matches, which would have
set fire to the paper,' and they in turn
to the ; hay. When the . discovery was
made the punk had burned almost to" the
matches. . /
FRESNO, Aug. 6.— Two cleverly plan
ned attempts to set fire to a big sec
tion of Chinatown have been made in
the past week and have been frustrated
by the merest accidents. Early last Sat
urday morning Gow Kee, a merchant,
went out to his stable, directly back of
his store, and found there a short candle
burning la the center of a pile of oil
soaked paper. _. The candle had less than
an inch to burn, when it would have set
the paper on fire and the hay filled stable
would have been Instantly In a blaze.
The stable is attached to the main build-
Ing, and all the buildings here aro fire
traps. Small brick structures face on
the streets, but behind them, covering a
great part of the block, are * wooden
shacks, occupied, mostly as bunkhouses.
Chief Ward of the fire department was
notified of the discovery, and he said
that had the fire got under way the fire
department could not have saved the
block. WZM
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Attempts to Burn Fres
no Chinatown Are
Frustrated.
PXANS FOB THE CORONATION".
Ceremony That "Will Be Performed
in St. Peter's on Sunday.
ROME, Aug. 6.— The coronation cere
monies will be performed In St. Peter*a
on Sunday, according to a rite dating
from the latter part of the fourteenth
century. As the Pope enters the church
a clerk of the papal chapel holds up be
fore him a reed surmounted by a handful
of flax. This Is lighted: lt flashes up for
a moment, and then dies out at once, as
the chaplain chants:
"Holy father, thus passeth away the
world's glory."
This Is done three times. The mass is
then begun as usual, but before the ln
censation of the altar. the blessing of the
Pontiff-elect Is announced by three Car
dinal Bishops, each of whom recites a
prayer over him. After the collects come
the so-called Laudes— that Is, the three
fold supplications to God for the welfare
of the new Pope. The coronation Itself
takes place after the mass. In the bal
cony over the portico of St. Peter's, over
looking the great piazza. The Cardinal
FIREBUG MAKES
FUTILE EFFORTS
MIXNEAFOLIP Minn.. Aug-. 6. — A thousand
l«bor»TE employed in the bulldiner trade* of
Minneapolis (track to-day for an Increase itj
¦ ? «
Thi» f!r,nrt»5t Crossed woman here plans &
mrprif". R«*h<1 th* Wagy. *
Cardinal Gibbons, accompanied by his
conclavist, Father P. C. Gavin, to-day
visited the church of Santa Maria in
Trastavere, the Cardinal's titular church.
He was warmly received by. the whole
chapter, headed by the canon and arch
priest.
The election of Cardinal Sarto as Pope has
aroused Indescribable enthusiasm here. The
people are preparing splendid festivities which
have been unanimously approved by the city
fathers. The village, being almost entirely
composed of peasants, has no idea about .the
policy or tendencies of Pope Pius, and I 'am
unable to give you any Information on that
point. He was of the humblest birth.
ANDREAZZA, Mayor.
Plus X has appointed his conclavist,
Monsignor Bressan, as his private chap
lain, which means that he also will be
the Pontiff's chief private secretary.
The Pope has decided to hold a secret
consistory on Monday next and a public
consistory on the Thursday following.
The Mayor of Riese, the birthplace of
the new Pope, in replying to an inquiry,
wires to the Italian bureau of the Asso
ciated Press as follows:
ROME, Aug. 6.— During one full hour
this morning there seemed to be nothing
but vibrating sounds, so penetrating were
the strokes of the bells of about 500
churches which, all ringing together, ab
sorbed all other noises. The ringing was
In honor of the election of Pius X— a wel
come unique of its kind and ordered by
Cardinal Resphigl, vicar of Rome, who
issued special instructions therefor. All
of the churches contemporaneously cel
ebrated masses for the event, the Inton
ing of the Oremus combining with the
harmony. The bells Involuntarily served
another purpose— that of ringing In the
great ceremony of the reception of the
diplomatic body accredited to the Holy
See. Rome has lately been surfeited with
Vatican functions, but that of this morn
ing was so striking that lt held Its own
with the others.
The members of the Sacred College
gathered before the hour set for the cer
emony and held an informal reception,
the conclave, short as it was, having
brought them cordially together. A pro
cession was then formed. First came ths
Swiss Guards, which give a peculiarly
medieval splendor to all papal gather
ings; then the. Palatine. Guard, followed
in irregular ranks by the whole pontifical
court, in its multiform and multi-colored
costumes, the Cardinals in all the gor
geousness of their scarlet robes, and the
Bishops scarcely less striking in their
purple. The Pope, in spotless white, his
gray hair in harmony with his whole at
tire, and surrounded by the Noble Guard,
who always remain near his person, went
on foot, just as the others.
The procession having gained the Hall
of the Throne, where the members of the
diplomatic body were gathered, Senhor
d'Antas, the Portuguese Embassador, the
dean of the corps, read in a clear voice
the collective greeting of his colleagues,
presenting their homage to the new Pope
and assuring him of their fidelity. Plus
X answered with great cordiality, thank
ing them heartily for their good wishes.
All then kissed his hands and the Pon
tiff took this opportunity of speaking per
sonally to each, showing a knowledge of
the politics of the divers countries which
surprised the diplomats, the i new Pon
tiff being credited with having taken
small interest in affairs outside of Italy.
It was another surprise to them to hear
him speak French, if not fluently, at
least with a certain readiness. Altogether
the whole audience gave promise of a
new era of international cordiality at the
Vatican.
Pius X Shows Knowledge of Inter
national Affairs. '
POPE RECEIVES DIPLOMATS.
It is now certain that his archeplscopal
ring was redeemed from a Venice pawn
shop the day before his departure for
Rome. Early in almost every month,
after expending all of his money on char
ity. Cardinal Sarto used to pledge his
archepiscopal ring at a pawnshop, where
lt often remained for considerable time.
Cardinal Gibbons and a party of Ameri
cans were awaiting the Pope in the Vati
can gardens to-day, and upon the Pon
tiff's arrival Cardinal Gibbons offered to
kiss his hand, but Pius X, amid the warm
plaudits of the party, kissed the Cardinal
and embraced him affectionately.
The new Pope made several departures
from time-honored customs, which con
vinces all that his reign will be most pro
gressive. The Pope is surprising the
whole Vatican world by his great sim
plicity and objection to luxury. He has
discarded all. of the ceremonial and. pomp
which had attained such a remarkable
degree of development during the pontifi
cate of his predecessor.
It is almost certain that he will abolish
the greater number of posts now existing
at the papal court, and it is said he In
tends to abolish absolutely the corps of
Noble Guards, which consists of seventy
five titled members of the Roman aris
tocracy, who form the Pope's guard of
honor when he goes to his apartments.
He declines to be escorted by the Noble
Guards or the Palatine Guards.
Pope Pius has decided that no stands
shall be erected for his coronation In St.
Peter"8. Consequently, contrary to cus
tcm, there will be no places reserved for
members of royal families nor for the
Roman aristocracy. In making known his
decision in this matter the Pope said:
"In the church all Christians are equal
before God."
Pope Pius X dined to-day with his
friend Domperosl, a noted composer. This
was a great surprise, as from time imme.
mortal it has been the custom of Popes
to dine alone.
ROME. Aug. 6.— The attention of Rome
is now centered upon the solemn corona
tion ceremony which is to occur on Sun
day, and for which great preparations are
being made. The throne of St. Peter,
which Pius X will occupy, will be sur
mounted by a canopy forty feet high.
The function will consume five hours. The
Pope has informed the Vatican officials
that he wishes to be received on the
threshold of the basilica by Cardinal
Rampolla. who, as archpriest of the
churcn, will address the formal greeting
to him. At the conclusion of the cere
mony the Pope will confer his blessing
upon the people, but lt has not yet been
decided whether he will do bo inside the
church or from the balcony looking out
upon the piazza, where many hoped he
would bestow his benediction on the day
of his election. It is said that Pius Is
favorable to the latter plan, but that the
influence of the Vatican officials Is
against it, on the ground that it might be
interpreted as a recognition of the pres
ent state of affairs in Italy. The holding
of the coronation ceremonies in St. Pe
ter's Itself represents a concession, as in
the case of Leo it occurred In the Sistine
Chapel. Although it is expected that
60.000 tickets will be issued for the event,
the demand for them is already very
great.
In the consistories to be held on Mon
day and Thursday next the Pope will
confer the red hat upon Cardinals Ajuti,
Taliani, Katschthaler and Herrero y Es
pinosa, who were elevated on June 25, but
who have not yet received these symbols
of rank because of the Illness and death
of Leo XIII.
It is believed that the Spanish Cardinal,
Herrero, will not be able to be present at
the coronation ceremonies.
Sped«i Cable to The Call and New Torlc
Herald. Copyright. 1903. by the .New York
Herald Publishing Company-
Sixty Thousand Tickets Are
Issued to Would-Be
Spectators.
that a hiph wind prevailed there this aft
prnnon, during which the roof of the ho
tel was blown off and a pavilion near by
blown down. Five persons are reported
injured, but their names cannot be
learned.
A special. to the News from Ferry Park,
Colo., a resort for tourists, located about
forty-five miles south of Denver, says
I'EXVER. Aug. 6.— Details of the storm
which prevailed along the eastern slope
cvf the Rocky Mountains in Colorado and
Southern Wyoming last night show It to
Imve been much ir.ore severe than at first
reported. In pome sections the hail fall
¦waj unprecedented. In the neighborhood
tf Grecley m<i Katon. in the northern
part of Colorado, chunks of ice, measur
ing:, in some instances?, ten inches In
length, fell, and the damage wrought was
immense. Bheep wore struck dead in the
corrals and cattle and horyes were se
verely injured. Farm houses and barns
nre wrecked and crops utterly wiped
out cf existence.
Near Greeley a man named Johnson
was severely bruised and rendered un
conscious by the. hall. The damage can
not be csiin:ated in that section, but •will
reach thousands of dollars. Near Lafay
ette, Colo., there were two storms, the
second following: the first within fifteen
minutes and with great severity. The
streets of the town were flooded, cellars
j-.artially filled with water and trees and
shrubbery stripped of foliage. Many v>\n
dovjs were broken. The crops In the
country surrounding were destroyed. Hail
lay on the ground in many places to a
•lepth of two feet. The damage in and
around Lafayette Js estimated at $200,000.
In Southern Colorado the rainfall was
very heavy, approaching the proportions
of a cloudburst in several places. Rail
road traffic was stopped on .the Kio
<«rande for some time by washouts. The
Santa Fe was also seriously affected.
deacon takes off the miter, which until
now the Pope has worn, and then the sen
ior Cardinal deacon (Macchi) places the
tiara on his head and all the people cry
out "Kyrie elelson."
The Pope reckons his pontificate from
his coronation day, although, of course,
he is Pope from the day of his election.
POCATELLO, Idaho, Aug:. 6.—John M.
Ramsay, a bridge man In the employ of
the engineering department' of the Ore
gon Short Line, died here this morning,
and Herbert Forney was sent to the. hos
pital at Salt Lake, as, the result of the
tailing of a thirty-two-ton steel girder
that was being put Into place on a bridge
over Hams Fork, near Opal, Wyo., yes
terday. Eight men jumped into the
river, narrowly escaping with their lives.
The huge piece of metal had been raised
in the temporary gallows frame - erected
at each end of the old bridge and was
being lowered, when, from some un
known cause, the gallows frame at one
end fell over. There were eight men on
the frame at the time and all Jumped into
the river anu escaped withput injury ex
cept Ramsay, and Forney, who clung to
the frame and were Injured by Its tim
bers. Ramsay was unconscious when
picked up. He was at once forwarded to
the temporary hospital here, but died
early this morning. Forney's injuries- are
slight. Young Ramsay was less than 20
years old, and his home was in Michigan.
Hailstorm in Northern Colo
rado Unprecedented
for Severity.
Eight Men Jump Into River
and Escape Without
Injury.
Pius X Will Ascend the
Throne of Peter on
Sunday. •
Massive Steel Girder
Palls With Gallows
Frame.
Sheep Are Struck Dead
in Corrals and Crops
Destroyed.
CORONATION
TO OCCUR IN
ST. PETER'S
CHUNKS OF ICE
FALL FROM SKY
CAUSES DEATH
OF BRIDGE MAN
THE SA1ST FRANCISCO CALL, FKIDAY, 1 AUGUST 7; 1903. > .
LONDON, Aug. 6.— The agreement of
the International Mercantile Marine Com
pany with the British Admiralty and the
Board of Trade is published In a Parlia
mentary paper to-night.
It provides that the British companies
included In the combine shall remain on
a footing of equality with other British
companies In respect to any military, na
val or postal services that the British
Government may require from the British
mercantile marine.
No British ship in the combine shall be
transferred to a foreign registry without
the consent of the president of the Board
of Trade. The vessels shall continue to
be officered by British subjects and carry
the same. proportion of British sailors as
Is prescribed In the case of any other Brit
ish ships engaged in the same line of
trade. The vessels shall still be subject
to hire or purchase by the Admiralty on
the same terms as existed prior to the
Admiralty Agreement
With Trust Is Pub
lished.
VESSELS MUST
REMAIN BRITISH
5
ADVERTISEMENTS. _• ' ;
8^k 5 $f^ s e °^ t^ ie ouse^°^, for without
/^ro iyif ' r^ no a PPi ness can b^ complete. How
ftilt si^9 W w!ffl sweet the picture of mother and babe,
B B VkaB& B angels smile at and commend the
B0^&B £Sti BB - ' thoughts and aspirations of the mother
lUff fall fzt^ ilT bending over the cradle. The ordeal through
Bag Illl^ which the expectant mother must pass, how*
\al tOB? H fa% ever, is so full of danger and suffering that
she looks forward to the hour when she shall
feel the exquisite thrill of motherhood with indescribable dread and
fear. Every woman should know that the danger, pain and horror
of child-birth can be entirely avoided by the use of Mother's Friend,
a scientific liniment for external use only, which toughens and renders
pliable all the parts, and _^ __ '_ Mm _ _
great crisis in perfect safety ., fclEafcoSfiSlfca Xdi*'
and without pain. Sold at $1.00 per gggBggh Bl Pagj P^W E^
bottle by druggists. Our book of priceless Wg. j^^ 1 WI Worn |f|i
value to all women sent free. Address |P $*& 1 H n™» MM
QRADFIEJ.D REGULATOR OO~ JUfaota* Om. B B @ U SB B «i BWF
I-KAlJlNG Bt^JNE?S COLLEGE OF THE
'VEST. 24 Post 6t.. San FrandFco. Cal.
Kf-.chiithed 40 years. Open entire year.
¦Write for illuytratea rr.ral- ?:;» <free).
a POLYTECHNIC
, /\ Business College and
1 £Eh' _ School cf Engrlneer-
£Bj££. JkV. Iek. Oakland. Cal.
nrS^^TdiSra. Largest nnd b«st
¦Qjjrel ElBpyp^ equipped school of
Y?^v?i r "«("'4[ a ~i~f3 business ? horthan 1
v^FjJ-c—Tn ASlisl v Bnd '"Sin'-erir.R weft
5r.f e»'K £ ? •T£,-«iifc rf Chlcairo. Perfect
czxs£ f* lr ii?*K2* i '7T^3 »¦ '•'lmate, exrcr.F^s low.
•' *' V.'rlte for free 100-
page catalogue.
MILLS COLLEGE A\D SEMIiXARY
(fOR Y0U\C LADIES).
Centers Degrees and Grants Diplomas.
Seminary course accredited to the universi-
ties and i«ad:rg Eastern colleges; rare oppor-
tunities cfTorei in music, art and elocution.
Thirty-eighth yp«r. Fall term open« August
12. 1J»O3. V/rfte for catalogue to MRS. C. T.
>tILLS. Prfs.. Mll'.g College P. P.. Cai.
THE LYCEUM
An accredited preparatory school for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges, la well
known for Its careful and thorough work. Coma
end bs with us; we prepare you well; refer-
ences President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
Jeesor. Pfceian building.
L. 11. GRAtT. Ph. P.. Principal.
HISS SASZEB AKD SUSS HUGHES'
school ros giuls
AT PALO ALT'), CALIFORNIA Formerly th«
TKOEXIEW SCHOOL.
Prepare* for the Universities and Colleges,
West and East. University lectures open to
rtudectE. Semeeter b»rln« August 25.
BELMONT SCHOOL,
FOR BOYS. EELMON'T. CAL..
Opens for new pupils August 10; for former
pupils August 12. Catalogue and book of views
en application.
XT. T. REID. A. M. tHarvar-d). Head Master.
HM/VILIIM SCHOOL
JLBD VA2T 2SXSS SEBIZ3TABY,
1M8 Jackson tt.. S. F. itoiflUis and day
school for girl*. Accredited by the leading
colleges and universities. Si>-i;^; attention
piven to music. Reopens Aucuu 10, IWXi
FARAH D. HAMLIN, Principal.
THE JENNEMORROWLONGCOL-
LEGE OF VOICE AND ACTION.
Sts^re and platform poEltions guaranteed;
ltncuegee; diplorns*. Catalogue. 2152 Eutter
*t. Phone VCeet 11C3. Reopens September 2.
SACRED HEART EVENING COM-
MERCIAL SCHOOL,
F ACBED HEART COLLEGE. Eddy ttd LtrkiaSti.
CLASSES OTIS KCOT)Ay. ACOUBT 3. 1803,
tt 7:15 p. a.
SAlxVT MARGARET'S SCHOOL
SAN MATEO,
Accredited to £taniord. reopens August 26 In
new buildings on Uonte Diablo ave. Modern
improvements. For JVrther Information or clr-
raUri address <MISS; I. U TEBBETTS.
ANDERSONS ACADEMY,
IRVINGTON, CAL.
X high-grade Military", School for a limited
ruir.ber cf bcQ-t of good tharacter. *."ext term
»>ee}ns August 12.
W I LKI AM WALKER ANDERSON. Principal.
Miss West's School for Girls,
2014 VAN NESS AVENUE,
Open* August 19. Home and (Jay school. Ac-
credited by leadinr colleges. r«x catalogue ad-
dretg MARY B. WEST. Principal.
Hitchcock Military Academy,
64.27 ItAPAEL, CAt.
Separate building for little boys. 'Xuuf term
will btgln en August 17.
St. Mary's College,
OAKLAND, CAL \
Ftudies will hf returned MONDAY. Algust 3.
'¦''<¦¦:¦ !2H°- ZKN'OXIAK. Present.
ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEpAy,
PKRALTA PARK. BERKELEY. I
noerding aivl day reboot for boys unJer 15tears
- f «?». 6turli»s coiiimr nee MONDAY. Aug«t 3
:?>a"> .Send lor y-' r *vclvs to Uro. Genebra^
HOITT'S SCHOOl\
FOP DuYE. Mmlo Park. California. Prepaii
f« any university or for buslnesn. Send fV
iilu»tratrd estaJacac. IUA G. HOITT. Ph. V>
rriticiimX. Fall term opens August 11. T,
THE EMPORIUM. | , THE EMPOBIUI-. THE EMPOBIUM. . . | THE EMPOBIU-I. _
If i ' * l" * I
i Laundry Bags 28c G. A. R. Flags, Decorations and Dainty Belt Buckles
1 Quaint Chinese Designs Pictures on ' Sale on Second Floor ' A 5 T a New Par / sIan /G f
tt —womji*** + mmr *^^. Arrived by express yesterday some of the latest
j A thousand denim laundry bags, all full size j[Z/ '¦ J(s ¦ - f V'* ideas in belt buckles brought oat trom Paris.
< and good quality; some embroidered with the / §fr%/fy£'MMIf£f' nc 8 rou P consists of fancy metal buckle* in
»J word laundry and" many of them tinted in &^%^Mltii7U£s{ / l4^[£&^ the shape of eagles', parrots' and cockatoos'
$ Chinese design, thttwere never sold for less California's ummj' V^ hcads tnd wb 2 J ' h ™' JjS'/^J^S
$ than 50c in the regular way; offered for • ' -^^B»" B ** H AMEmCA-s grandest STORS from ' * * / '.'?,*?,, °f S '. 7 ?
tt _.. ' j c . , . c± - 1 c 1 /~ j j j 1 ., Largt: assortment of oxidued metat bucklo, Indian heads,
I Friday and Saturday, each . . . 4A^ Special Sale Goods ordered by mail fl eur d s li, designs, rosebuds and leaves, eiki' heads,
J . . . . ¦ or telephone will not be sent C. O. D. . cu?id», e:c. .. 5Oc, 6Oc, 7 So and $ 1.0 O
| Big Purchase MMl 'Ends B©$soa+s&tawe Drapery Goods
I Lengths From 1 to 8 Yards— More Than 200 Different Patterns.
$ This was a splendid buy, for us and for you. The choicest lot of mill ends in drapery materials we have
5 ever been able to offer to our customers. There are both genuine and imitation taffeta draperies, art ticking, satta
5f silks and cretonnes in the collection— not a yard in the lot worth under 15c— -and from that up to 50c— all marked
* for the special sale to-day and Saturday at two prices— 10c and 20c. v',,
| 1000 yards of genuine and imitation Taffetas and hand- 1000 yards of Satta Silks and fancy Cretonnes, worth
tf some Art Tickings, regularly 30c to 50c j&bg&K a * least 15c the yard, in 1 to 8 yard ,**£?&
i the yard, in lengths from 1 to 8 yards, /^M§§]j* lengths, to-day and Saturday your choice WmBff^
i to-day and Saturday your choice per yd. * a F 1 ***^- p?ryard. m
\ *« \i*4 i [¦•'75c:ts^^^ikM^36q k Tard
1 AUVanCea I StyleS One of This Year's Prettiest Waist Fabrics.
*' #»if KsusiS***** M**w These are the real Tsatlee Silks, the well known high grade silk and
j ua b-*8Z3s&2> iww lisle mixtures, 30 inches wide, fancy striped effects, the kind we have
S fr**BB sold a11 the season for 75c the yard. There are about 25 pieces in this
S * **** %9Mb*35 specially bought lot, and although they will be much used next season,
if still because of our methods of never carrying over mer- &£> f*^
% NOW OBf §&!& chandise, we have cut the price for Friday and Saturday to
$ «*«-y er** * **-,** *%*% Iess tnan half the price ; ...«..". %jmMm&
*C &B M m%&%3 WO &7ObO*3 Matelasse Oxford — Some new advanced styles in fall Fancy Oxlords — Extra heavy weights, new effects,
Jf * vesting weights in garnet, blue, pink, g+gSj* woven colors, large variety, yard ir%
j£ . etc. ground, instead ofi75c the yard CPwCr mfQJG
1 1 jz Great values Fa## Suits and Overcoats $2.5O Shoes
\ Ladies' Hose _^ including the New - d>*% *x
J° Ladies' Imported Herms- Wkrn) Belted Back Overcoats iO$* %jp2£nll£$
* dorf ¦, Black , 2-thread, Maco J^ &12.SO To introduce our new Fall
I 'wfS^ p^ /m/f/ife^ mpa&m*9%9 line of the best $250
:5 ulul nihllL . M I k\ High grade ,uits for men, designed for/all and Shoesever brought tO
j all black, unbleached sole , mil II I IffcSL winter wear, the new patterns in cheviots, California we offer von
5 or entire unbleached foot, 11 Ili^ tweeds. ca»i m eres, worsted,, etc, suit, that hr^Xice to-dav and
5 plain or ribbed top, me- MfflJIii^ T b ° dy cvcry fcat T ? at *T '^V^ Saturdav of 20 of thP
| dlum or n heavy 2 B O ' mSS^^ Sw^stjLVmS
Siii^ffi^-H^S I SI Z£J2Z%&$12'5O p-t r m if hers for mcn
J dorf, Black Cotton Hose, - ill 11 1|\\ \\\\\\ Men's Overcoats — All the newest and latest gt**% * 99
J With White Or Colored Silk I ||| I HI designs for fall, medium and heavy weights, p a { r SZbBO
* embroidered inStepS in ''Ml ¦ I PI 111 in light and dark wfbrd grays, blacks and ; _^
2 £ ¦ «i.^;^^i a : «^ §M 'H I m \\\\\\ I fancy mixtures, belted back coats,- medium tmm . — ?
iJ fancy geometrical designs; I I • or long loose style,, silk .leeve lining, not Trunks and
I it n y : e perpair q . . 25o H I III ZSJZ I™ $12.50 Oxford Bags
I Ladies' Imported, 2-thread, >OuJ^ - our 8 P cdal Iow P rice V*****Y" Thehand. .
X real Lisle Hose, medium gauze weight, l"|fH,>lORfl Boys' Suits— Norfolk or double breasted sack some flat fr^g^T 1 -- - --^v^ka^
f Hermsdorf Back, high-spliced heel, *W ||||S|| f Ja • coat styles, cheviots, cassimerei and tweeds top trunk
If double soles and spliced scams; a most ' ' '|||lJiC(iy in thc ncw Fall patterns, <£^J /RCZ shown in f^^a^Ulifs^^is^^
j^> unusual quality for gf* <g fbff% sizes for 8 to 15 years . . *J9*9 **&<** picture, Jp^sJl f $\\ b '» S •
1 35O a pair, 3 pairs *P 3 *QJf*L0 Russian or Sailor Blouse Suits — Of fine all-wool worsted serges, in navy, covered i -J^fcYTi >¦ » vT^ '
JC ' royal and iancy, sizes 2*^ to 10 year., $6.50 values tffr^V €&££ with fancy f / H ff ( I iZ
$ Whsie Skirts n at , •••-••••; •„• - : ; : } - \ •.•%••' **• stripcd "
* O*<m *%O% gt*<G *%r— $ ** on^ a . nts u * te — al'-wool blue cheviots,^ancy tweeds and cassi- .duck, 1 ' ¦--¦¦' —
£ $1 mOB~ jmr $£ mZS mercs » made and lined, $7.00 values, forages 12 4&S5 Q5 leather bound, large corner bumpers,
$ These- are two real bar- to I9yan> ¦ • ¦ ' - V+'W two trays (the to P one with hat box.
I gains in whit? skirts: Butter Sale—Choice Liquors t^l^ltt^^r'
X No. 1— Good quality cambric skirts, Some of the Friday and Saturday Chances 30-inch . -SW.5O 34-inch . .$12.00
», trimmed with 1 row torchon insertion in San Francisco's Great Pure Food Department. 3*-^ • • $11.25 3*-™* - • $12.75
g and lace, made full and wide with Butter- Our very b«t creamery, rcgVar .kc Old Crow Bourbon Whiskey- Gallon $ 3 .i S , 38-mch ... $13.50
k » deep undcrruffle, for &4 g%f% squares, worth 45c, Friday and bottle 82C ,
.If *PimUU Saturday only JoC * Maltese Cross Gin- Quart bottles . . 75O AffiflatOT Oxford Bags— A new shape,
JC No. 2 — Fine cambric skirts in 2 differ- Swiss Cheese— Best imported, lb. . . 29o Claret— 7-year-old quality, gallon . . 45o with sliding lock and catches, leather
K ent styles; one trimmed with 2 rows Macaroni, Vermicelli or Spaghctti~Bx.£0c Others charge 73c to $1.00. lining, with pocket inside —
$ torchon insertion and lace; the other New Jams-Mr,. Stetson', loganberry or Champion Whiskey-Gal., |a. 4 o ; bot.75o io-lpch .. $3.15 14-kch . . $4.80
7» ltk .,1 r , -ti 1 strawberry, homemade, a jars. . . 25C Duff liordon Sherry — The imports— .¦ , A#> mt> . . __
jf h&mstitchcd, featherstnehed and Emporium Baking Powder- ilb. tin, 3Oc Regularly | 4 . 00 gaflon, $3.OO u-mch . . $3.5O 15-nch .. $5.25
S tucked; cut unusually *pg2 Port or Sherry Wines— 5 bottle*.,. $1.OO Regularly $1.00 bottle .. . 75o ia-«nch . .$3.95 16-inch . .$5.65
J wide and full, each.. Jesse Moore A A Whiskey— Bottle. . 81c Fruit Syrups — Asso;t:d kir.d, bcttlc . 45c ly'mcb . .$4.35 17-inch. . $6*10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BEERS
Famous the^ World
Over— Fully Matured.
Sold EVirptoher*:
HILBKKT MERCANTILE CO..
Pacific Coast Agents.
j&&B9±. V' m ' Vigor, Vitality ftr Win.
MORMON BISHOKS FILLS
JSUjLfc IeA have been In uso over Ctty
r^3SGv??£»4 years by the leaders of th«
«WJ4*ira3a Mormon Church and their
S«?B?S?wU followers. Positively cure th«
Cf-fji'^iTSS worst cases in old and youn^
V?$L'«aViCj "rising from e2ecti of self-
l£ran<)3&<£v abuse, dissipation, excesses or
VgSg^HJaJ cigarette smcklnc Cur* Lost
W^raT Manhood. Impotencx. Lost
Power NltM Losses, Insom-
nia, Pmlns In Back. EtII Desires. Lam* Back.
Nervous Debility.. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss cf Semen. tS A> VartcoceU or Con-
stipation. Stop Ner KJ vous Twltchtn* of
Eyelids. Effects are cBHTS 1 "™ 4 " 1 . Impart
vigor and potency CEWTO to every function.
Don"t get despondent, a cure Is at band. R«-
store email, undeveloped orxans. Sttmulats
the brain and nerve centers: flOo a box; 9 fo»
$" 60 by mall. A written guarantee to cur« ot
money refunded with « boxes. Circulars fr**
Address BISHOP REMTOTOV 40 1 Ellis st
San Frandaco. CaL GRANT DRUO CO.. 3$
and 40 Ttoird st. .
_____ — — — — . ¦^— ——^—^— — i^^— — — •
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aDhrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both saxes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of tne
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABEB. ALFS St BRUNE. Asents.
823 Market St.. S. F. — (Send for Circulars.)
>»3E»^Se_S5^L_0L-COI3- women
BKSjfci^Ai^-SS^SfSr SLSCTRIC BELT."*. ?«-
DOTTCIJT7C *" 0R BARBERS. BA-
Dl\ U_> 11 JuO *ers. bootblacks, bath-
W1IV~'aA-<w hoUMJj bl | llard ubles,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries. P»P«>-
hansers. printers, painters, shoo factories,
stablemen, tar- roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BBOS-
Bru__ Maxuif actoreri, 609 Sacramento St*
WEEKLY "ATT. $1 FEB TEAT*.
# ADVERTISEMENTS. '
"*"^fr -MILWAUKEE—
Scrupulous care in the bottling department is a Bla.t» law. The meet im-
proved and sanitary methods known to science are there In use.
Every bottle Is sterilised and every precaution exercised.
At club or cafe or delivered In bottles to thn home..
Blatz is the beer of qtiality. \
BLATZ MALT-VIVI1ME .*.• »^^^^r^ t^^^^.^
BRAUNSCHWEIQER & CO., Inc.
5 cod 7 Drutnm St., San Fraoclsco. Telephone Main 1646, Wholesale Dealer*.A few days ago a gentleman of this city, bewil
dered, no doubt, by the foreign shadows of night,
tried to get into his home by way of the chimney.
While this suggests no improvement, perhaps, upon
the expedient of the man vrho asked his wife to
throw him down a bunch of keyholes, it certainly
prefects a novelty in home-going to those who miss
China appears to be reaching the first stage of
civilization or the last stage of barbarism. Her slow
going but astute authorities are now jailing Celes
tial editors who have dared to publish suggestions of
reform in the administration of public affairs. Or
perhaps Chinese officials have seen one of the Amer
ican yellow sheets and have determined to hazard
any men2ce except that.
NEW YORK, Aug. 6.— The following
Californians are in New York: From
San Francisco— S. Meinin^er, at the Im
perial; W. J. S. Powers, at the Holland;
C. , M. ThaH, at the Metropolitan; C. J.
Waterhouse, at the St. Denis; J. F. Finn
and wife, at the Gllsey. Mrs. G. T. Fol
som, at the New Amsterdam: E» H.
Fowle and wife, at the Grenoble; G. R.
Wilson, at -the Grand Union; E. Kelley,
at the Hoffman; Miss M. B. Smith, at the
Continental. •
From Sacramento— A. F. Bo,oth, G. H.
Clark, F. E. Wright and wife, at the
Hoffman. \
From Los Angeles— L. J. Beeson, at the
Imperial; S. B. Hastings, at the Everett.
From San Diego — H. F. Grlswold, at tho
Marlborough.
Californians in. New York.
THE tearful appeal of Harpers' Weekly that Mr.
Bryan be treated with tenderness and respect
by the Democratic press is responded to with
derision. The Democratic press, especially that of the
South, seems to count as lost that day whose low,
descending sun marks a snoot at Bryan left un
snooted. In that section of which he was the primate
in politics he is now basted for his impudence, lam
basted for his weak and pretentious leadership, ad
vised to go way back and sit down, to clap a stopper
on his jawing tackle, mind his own business, go into
the political rag bag, and in other phrases expressive
of extreme contempt to let politics alone and go at
something for which he is qualified.
The outbreak of resentment is extreme. The Gold
Democrats in the last two campaigns expressed
themselves as to Mr. Bryan in terms that could not
be called fond or languishing, but which now loom
up as flattery in contrast to what is being said of
him by his supporters in those two battles. Un
fortunately for Mr. Bryan these pins stick him where
his quick is quickest, for his vanity and self-esteem
amount to' an intellectual eczema.
But, turning to the party in whose behalf Bryan
is now being harried, we find that the same organs
were doing the same to Mr. Cleveland in 1896 and
four years later. It proves its incapacity for admin
istration of national affairs by regularly choosing and
as regularly shooting down its leaders. The hero of
to-day is the poltroon *of to-morrow; the idol of to
morrow is Teproached for having clay feet the next
day. The country never knows on what to depend in
the aspect and case of that party. It defies prophecy
as to what it will do. Perhaps it has lost its mind
and these erratic courses are due to that misfortune.
One thing is sure— the people, who have interests at
stake in a consistent policy and the stability of gov
ernment, don't want the Government to fall into the
keeping of a party that either does not know its own
mind or has no mind to know.
BRYAN ON THE TOBOGGAN.
There can be no valid objection to the enforcement
of the law in that way. for if after the first condemoa.
There has been a strenuous effort to prejudice the
public mind against the act ever since it was made
known.. We have been told that it would injure this
or that foreign country, and that the injured would
retaliate. Furthermore, it has been declared that the
adulterated or falsely marked goods are not harm
ful and that it will be an injustice to exclude such
products from foreign countries when we permit the
sale of similar products of domestic manufacture.
Such statements should not be permitted to dis
credit the act in the public mind. There will be no
harm done to any fair commercial interest. Dr.
Wiley of the Chemical Bureau of the Department of
Agriculture, who will have charge of the inspection
of the suspected goods, has recently refuted some of
the sensational statements concerning the act. In
the course of his interview on the subject he said: "It
is the policy of the department not to obstruct or
irritate trade. We shall bar no kind of goods on
mere suspicion, and even in the case of actual adul
terations, in the first instance, the goods will be al
lowed to enter. In fact, in Secretary Wilson's let
ter, sent yesterday in regard' to expected consign
ments, it was distinctly stated that the department did
not ask that the cargoes be denied admission, but
that they should be. allowed entry, the samples taken
and the goods pass on out of the custom-house.
In a second offering of any articles that may be
found to be adulterated we shall refine entry and
compel the consignee to destroy the goods or ship
them out of the country."
£> ECRETARY WILSON of the Department of
Agriculture has applied to the Secretary of the
Treasury for authority to hold up the cargoes of
twenty ships now on their way to New York for the
purpose of inspecting such portions of them as come
within the scope of the pure food law. It is therefore
evident that the act prohibiting the importation of
impure or falsely labeled foodstuffs, medicines and
wines from foreign countries is to be rigorously en-
We may now expect an outcry from the American
importers as well as from the foreign producers and
shippers of such articles. The enforcement of the
act is going to interfere with what has been an ex
tensive trade, and of course somebody is going to
be hurt. It may be taken for granted, however, that
no legitimate industry or interest will suffer, and
such protests as arise will be no more than another
proof that "no rogue e'er felt the halter draw with
good opinion of the law."
FOOD INSPECTION.
It has been officially announced that since the oper
ation of civil service principles in this city the average
cost of each local election has been reduced from
$200,000 to $113,000. This is -one of the anomalous
incidents of political life, which occasionally startle
the public and utterly, baffle explanation.
J. E. Almada, a wealthy sugar planter
of Slnaloa, Mex., and wife are guests at
the Palace.
. E. A. Kerr, a wealthy lumberman of
Eau Claire, Wis., is at the Palace. He
is interested in. the Navarre timber prop
erty in the northern part of this State.,
Philip L. Crovat, a former railroad agent
in this city and now representing the
Stanford vineyard wines in the East, ar
rived from New York yesterday and is
registered at the Palace.
Robert Dunlop of Chicago, general at
torney for the Santa Fe road, accompa
nied by Dr." Charles Ashfleld of Cincin
nati, S. Ay. Moore, an attorney of Kan
sas City, and Dr. W. F. Fairbanks of the
same city, arrived from the East yester
day and are guests at the Palace. They
have come West with the idea of enjoy
ing a fishing trip along the banks of the
streams in Humboldt County.
Rev. William A. Henderson, wife and
child of Clearfield, Pa., are at the Occi
dental. .
R. H. Hay, Chapman, editor of the Los
Angeles Herald, is among the latest ar
rivals at the California.
Dr. J. II. Proctor of Petaluma. is at the
Pfl.lfl.C©» *
Banker George Nixon of "Winnemucca,
Nov.; is at the Palace.
Dr. and Mrs. J. W. Robertson of Liver
more are at the California.
C. D. Sparrowe, a mining man of "Wash
ington, D. C, is at the Grand.
Rev. Alexander Lewis and wife of
"Worcester, Mass., axe at the Grand.
Lemore Pfarr of Ogden, an elder of the
Mormon church, is at the Occidental.
Hiram Smith, the well known lumber
man, returned yesterday from a visit to
Eureka. ' *^
There was something of retributive justice the
other day when a gang of thieves robbed a gang of
gamblers in a Tucson den. There is reason for hon
est folk to indulge a spell of congratulation when
malefactors prey on one another. It gives the rest
of us time in which to rest comfortably.
PERSONAL MENTION.
. C. Greenberg in the conserva
tory of the Palace Hotel at the noon hour
yesterday. The ceremony was performed
fcy the Rev. Dr. Voorsanger in the pres
ence of about eighty-five friends of the
happy couple.
The bride was attired in an exquisite
gown of white crepe de chine, trimmed
In white lace. She wore a long veil and
carried a wedding bouquet of orchids and
lilies of the valley. There were no at
tendants on either the bride or the groom.
The room was tastefully decorated with
white blossoms and oak branches. After
the ceremony, a wedding breakfast was
served In the maple room of tho hotel.
At, the bride's table sat two young cou
ple's, all intimate friends of hers.
The bride is the daughter of Mrs. M.
Hyman and a sister of Mrs. Wilfred
MISS AGNES HYMAN, a charm
ing young woman, who is very
popular in the younger social
set, became the bride .of Max
It is to be borne in mind that the United Repub
lican League does not stand for a faction in the party,
but for the whole party. The men whom it proposes
as delegates are unpledged and untrammeled. They
will, if elected, go to the convention bound to no
man nor to any set of men, and will have upon them
no other obligation than that of faithfully nominat
ing a party ticket that will win because it deserves
For many years the better elements of the people
made a fight for pure primaries and the enactment of
1 law v« 'hich would place primary elections under of
ficial sanction. That law has now been obtained. It
remains to be seen whether they will profit by it.
Apathy and indifference on the part of any consid
erable number of good citizens will give the bosses
a chance to win out even under the law. It is therefore
imperative that the workingmen, the business men
and the professional men of the city rouse them
felves and take part in the contest. The United
Republican League has prepared the way for a good
convention and a strong ticket Now let all loyal
Republicans do their duty and in every district we
shall have a victory for honest politics that will go
far toward assuring a sweeping victory' for the party
in November.
ON Tuesday next the primary elections will be
held. Delegates elected at the primaries will
nominate candidates for city and county of
fice?. To assure good candidates it is necessary to
elect honest, public-spirited men as delegates to the
nominating conventions. That much is known to
every citizen. It is also known that the bosses and
their followers, who are in politics for the spoils,
will spare no pains to elect their henchmen as dele
gates in order that they may nominate men of their
choice. They can be deieated only by the votes of
good citizens in each party. It therefore behooves
all good men to begin to take an interest in the con
test and to fix in their minds a resolution to go to
the primaries on Tuesday and vote right.
The great parties and the several factions of each
party have put tickets in the field. The personnel of
each arid all of the tickets should be scrutinized care
fully, for the issue involved in the contest is that of the
election of men who can be counted on to nomi
nate no man for any office unless he is fitted to fill
it. Therefore the character and the reputation of the
men who have been nominated as delegates are the
dominant factors in the contest. It is a question
whether we shall have nominations made by inde
pendent and responsible citizens, or by men under
the domination of the bosses and bound to take or
ders and make nominations as the bosses dictate.
In the Republican party a good ticket has been
nominated in every district by the United Republi
can L«&-ue. The Call has published these tickets in
full in order that the list of names might be care
fully studied by the voters. Each and every one of
those tickets can safely challenge criticism. They
have been carefully made up and are thoroughly rep
resentative of all sections of our citizenship. There
is not one among them that does not deserve the
snpport of loyal Republicans, and that support should
STAND BY THE TICKET.
Outsiders find it difficult to understand the flurry,
and even those on the inside are apparently at a loss
to comprehend the forces that have caused it. Thus,
after each succeeding slump and failure, there have
come assurances from men intimately acquainted with
Wall street that the worst was over and that things
would immediately brighten. Even Russell Sage
gave out an interview after the first shock informing
the public that the lowest level had been reached
and that the reaction would come at once. As he
closed his interview with the announcement, "Now is
the time to buy," there may be a suspicion that he was
talking mainly for the purpose of holding up prices
until he could'sell out; but there are other authori
ties to whom no such suspicion attaches who were
equally sanguine.
Immediately after the failure in which Keene was
involved the New York Tribune made extensive in
quiries among bankers for an expression of financial
sentiment, and found everywhere buoyant words, if
not a buoyant feeling. One of the clearest statements
on the subject was made by a representative of J.
W. Seligman & Co., who said: "The recent severe
liquidation has imparted a feeling of safety and se
curity not only among the careful banking interests,
but with the prudent and sensible public. Conditions
which brought about the liquidation did not result
from any fear of tight money, but simply from over
speculation. The feeling of hopelessness that pre
vailed until a few days ago has been dispelled, and
investment orders for high-class securities have come
from strong parties. Fully $10,000,000 to $20,000,000
of European capital has been sent here for invest
ment within the last week. The ruling rates for long
time money indicate, in my judgment, that a money
stringency in the fall is most improbable. It is hardly
likely that we will increase our indebtedness to Eu
rope this year. I can say definitely, by way of assur
ance, that in case there should be any squeeze dur
ing the next two months the Treasury Department
will offer prompt relief to 7 legitimate financial in
terests."
In that statement we have assurances that ought to
calm the street if it be true that nothing serious is
the matter. With money coming in from Europe
at the rate of something like $20,000,000 a week, and
with a fair guarantee that the treasury will again save
the situation if need be, the country can watch the
flurry without excitement, and it seems the street it
self ought to brace up. However, it is probable that
the time has come for squeezing the water out of a
good many stocks, and those who have speculated too
far must pay the price of their folly.
MORE trouble in Wall street. Despite the
prosperity of the country, despite the rush
of business on every railroad and in the of
fices and shops of well-nigh every corporation whose
stock is listed on the exchange, Wall street con
tinues to bubble and squeak like a teapot with a tem
pest inside. Men of high authority say there is no
good cause for the shrinking of stock values, but'
none the less they continue to shrink, and within
eleven days six big Wall-street firms have gone
to smash and others are shaky. '
WALL STKEET'S TROUBLES.
FRIDAY AUGUST 7, *9°3
JCEN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor. _^
/<dre:s * II Ccrnnvnlcctlon* to W. S. LE^5vM^^£!!^
TELEPHONE.
A«k for THE CAUL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
prnUCATlO.N OFFICE Market «i»d Third. S. F.
eniroRm. UOO.-tf*. 217 to 231 Steven»on St.
Delivered by Carriers, 2O Cts. Per Week. 75 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Tinsi by Mall. Including Portaee <C**h With Ord«r) :
CAILT OULX <incln£lnc sun<V»'>. one year 2 *w»
DAJJLT CALL (Including 6uafi*y>. « month* *•""
DAILT CAXXr-By Eiojle Montn ™*
HTXDAT CALL. On« T**r *~!r
WSKKLT CALL. Oa« Ye«r •• _ T,""
f D»lly... *8.8O P*r Tear Extra
rOBTJCN roeTAGB i Sunday.. 4.13 P«" J*" £xtr»
I Weekly.. X-OO Per T«*r Extra
All PoBtm»«ler« are nntborUed to recelre
~ subscriptions.
Baxsjd* oopl«« wUl be forwarded when reqoerted.
M*U tcbKffttw 1b orderinr cbanjr* of aiMresj «nould b«
p*rtleul*r to *lv« both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in orter
to tazure * prompt and cermet compliance with their reQUest.
OAKLAMi OFFICE.
I US Braadvrnr vS.Telephone Main 1OS3
BERKELEY OFFICE.
X14S Ceater Street Telephone Worth TT
C. GEORGE KHOGSTESS, Mannjcer Forelsrn A«ver
tlKinc, Slarqnette BnlldlnftT, Chicago.
<Lcr.t Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
TTASHTNGTOX CORRESPONDENT:
MOR.TOX E. CHAXE 14OO G Street, 3f. W.
KTW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
(TEFIXEK B- SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CABXTOX Herald 9««are
NEW TORK NEWS PTA>T>S:
Waiaorf-Artoria Hotel; A- Brectano. 81 Union Square;
Hurray Hill Hotel; Flfth-aTeoue Hotel and Hoffman Hona*.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
EbermaTi Hooee; P. O. New. Co.: Great Northern Hotel.
Tmncnt «oc«e; Ao&ltcrmTn Hotel: Palmer House.
Bit AVCH OFFICES— 62T Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
eetll t:SO o'clock. SOO Haye«. open until 8:80 o'clock. «S8
McAllister, open ontU 9:30 o'clock. CIS Lexkln. open until
0-30 o'clock. 1W1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2281
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 100« Va
lencia, cpen untli » o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until S
oVlock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
orttl » f'"-!cck. 2200 Flllmore. open until 9 p. m.
What a -wonderfully rich field the officers of the
Federal Government have opened to themselves in
their decision to cut down useless expenses of gov
ernmental operations in the Philippines. If the plan
to prune expenditures be carried out honestly and
thoroughly the cost of owning our insular posses
sions will be so small that we may learn even to for
get that we have them at all on the revised map of
the United States. ' -
JUST before Regalado, the revolutionary usurper
of the Presidency of Salvador, left the office
which he reached by murder and administered as
a means of robbery he got drunk in the streets of the
capital, rode through the market, dispersing the peo
ple by shots from his revolver, and finally rode into
the leading store, kept by a Frenchman, jumped his
horse over the counters, destroyed a great deal of
property, and finally fell from the saddle and lay on
the floor in a drunken sleep for hours, while the
"state carriage" waited for him outsider-
Castro, the Monkey of the Andes, revolutionary
usurper of the Presidency of Venezuela, is open and
public in his debauchery and indecency. He claims
an annual tribute of maidens who strike his fancy,
and is monkey and Minotaur in one. Simon Sam,
President of Hayti, was another of these vulgar
voluptuaries with whom the nations of the world had
to maintain diplomatic relations. One marked fea
ture in these cases of public indecency by the heads
of Latin-American states is the silence of the people
and the press. Lese majeste is nowhere more tyranni
cally enforced than in those miscalled republics, which
are realty the meanest and most pestiferous autoc
racies that ever existed, with power founded on revo
lution, official fortunes founded on v stealing, and
diplomacy founded on lying.
Their Presidents, protected by our Monroe doc
trine, continually endanger the world's peace. If
that doctrine were not a principle of the United
States every one of the Latin-American nations would
by this time be annihilated by war brought upon
them by the thieves who rule them. The United
States would have the most of them, for we have suf
fered most from their international crimes. , True,
the Monroe doctrine does not restrain us from con
quest, but we have suffered robbery and insult, been
spat upon and had it rubbed in by the spiteful thieves
who rule those countries, and have not resented it
lest it be said that we hold to the Monroe doctrine
just to preserve the plum for ourselves. The time is
not distant when, without present conquest, we will
have to soundly whip several of those states to put
an end to organized theft and tyranny in this hemi
sphere.
The chaotic nature of their ideas about. government
and order was recently illustrated in Panama. Cobos,
the military commander of the state of Panama, got
drunk and put under military arrest all the civil
officers of the state he could catch while staggering,
and finally brqke into the Governor's house at mid
night to arrest him. The Governor escaped by
good running and hid in an American's house. Cobos
kept drunk all next day and declared the office of
Governor vacant and offered it to the American Con
sul! Finally his rampage ended by cutting off his
liquor; the Governor returned to his office, and, all
the press and people dared say about it was that "the
incident is closed."
Now this rampage was just like it would be for the
general commanding the Federal military department
of the Pacific to take a company of soldiers to Sac
ramento, put Secretary of State Curry in irons, seize
the treasury and chase Governor Pardee into hiding
in the house of British Consul Bennett! The consti
tutions of Colombia and the United States are simi
lar in their demarcation between civil and military
authority.. The outrage here would be no greater
than it was there. Yet who believes that it would oc
cur here and be spoken of as "an incident"?
Foreigners in most of those states have been and
at any moment are liable to be the victims of just
such drunken rampaping as that of Regalado, Castro,
Simon Sam and Cobos. . Indeed foreign Consuls
have been attacked, tied up and whipped on the bare
back by the savage and drunken brutes who parade as
presidents and comandantes in those states, and
when brought to account for such crimes the same
fellows have beaten their breasts and talked about
their "honor." It is time for the people of this coun
try to know what sort of formation we have to deal
with in most of Latin-America. -
RAMPAGING AT PANAMA.
?ion any importer should again bring the prohibited
articles to the United States he would deserve all
the loss that would fall , upon him. Furthermore, it
is to be noted that the Department of Agriculture
is not acting upon blind suspicions, nor has it asked
for a drag net investigation. It is proceeding upon
information derived from American Consuls in for
eign ports who have given notice of the shipment
of the forbidden goods. The law is a good one, and*
should have -public support, for it is designed to
serve the interests not only of consumers, but of the
producers of honest foodstuffs as well.;V ;
MANY FRIENDS PRESENT
AT ELABORATE WEDDING
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 7, 1903.
WINE MEN WILL
BE EXHIBITORS
AT ST. LOUIS
Leading winemeo of the State met In
the rooms of the Chamber of Commerce
yesterday afternoon to discuss ihe plan
of making a worthy exhibit at the St.
Louis exposition. Great enthusiasm was
shown and it Is certain that the exhibit
of wine will surpass anything heretofore
attempted.
j A Filcher. a member of the com
the assembied winemen that the Com-
S*b S2 rth^enTerTSe SSJ
ES? STJS
a snowS wfrthy of the important State
meeting was called tc , ord ler
reDresentatives of the Italian-Swiss Col
ony. Gunllach-Bundschu Company Cres
ta Blanca. A. Repsold & Co Japa and
Sonoma Wine Company, Jf ° n * R ° u ( f_
Wine Company. California U ine Am° J£- c
tion P Klein. Dos Meses Company. .
S Keyes and the Chauvet Wine Company
of Sonoma County were present.
The foregoing wine companies will ex
hibit at the world's fair and tho com
mittee in charsre of the important work
is sansuine that three score more deal
ers will Join them in making a fine show-
Ing for the State.
A committee composed of Charles Bund
schu, P. Rossi and Charles Bowan was
empowered to confer with the California
Commissioners as to the most suitable
installation of the exhibit. Commissioner
Filcher has been directed to send out
ir.vitatlons to the leading wine men of
the State to Join in the good work. The
proposition put forth by the Commis
sioners Is that the winemen furnish tho
wine and contribute $30 toward the cost
of installation. The next meeting of tho
winemen will be called by Commissioner
Filcher. It will probably be held next
week, as the work is of great importance
to the industry of the State.
In speakine about the coming exhlDlt
Commissioner Filcher said:
It Is planned to make It an Impressive ex
hibit and one worthy of this State. The space
al'otted us is the best in the hall. II Is In tho
center of the immense "tructure **? th ?
wine men show activity we will have the finest
wine exhibit in the world. There is no reason
why -lits Ftatt. should not capture ina pn*»-«
onYrcl ly tne exposition.
DESTROYING MONEY— F. M., City. If
a party is possessed of United States bills
representing mom. or gold or silver coin
and is silly enough to destroy the same
he is at perfect liberty to do so, as there
is no law to prevent a man making a fool
of himself.
HOME INDUSTRY— Marguerite. City.
This department is "not aware of any
"home Industry institution" in the State
of California. Possibly some of the- read
ers of this department can Inform the cor
respondent.
MUTILATED COIN— F. M., City. It is
unlawful for any one to mutilate United
States coin and. attempt to circulate the
same as coin of full value.
The officers of the French cruiser Pro
tet, now in this harbor, will give a dinner
party on board the ship this evening to
a number of the more prominent mem
bers of the local French colony. Among
the invited guests are M. A. Chamot, vice
president of the Coraite de l'Alllance
Francaise; Dr. Canac-Marquis of the
French Hospital, and M. Augustin Lusin
chi, editor of a French newspaper.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES-
Miss Amy A. Smith has returned from
a delightful outing of several weeks «.t
Bartlett Springs. Miss Smith is tall and
statuesque and has been immensely pop
ular during the summer season. She win
be a leading figure in functions of the
coining season in this city.
Mack. Mrs. Jesse M. Levy and Mrs. Phil
ip Meyers. The groom is a well known
young business man of this city. The
happy couple will spend their honeymoon
in Honolulu and after their return will
make their home in this city. _
INSPECTING TERMINAL
POINTS IN OAKLAND
Manager Wells and Other Officials of
Santa Fe Are Here for a
Few Days.
General Manager A. G. Wells of the
Santa Fe road, accompanied by Engineer
Robert B. Burns and Master Mechanic
G. R. Joughins. arrived from Southern
California yesterday morning and regis
tered at the Palace Hotel. Manager Wells
came north to look over the work now
in progress on the company's purposed
terminals on the Oakland side of the bay
and to Incidentallly confer with Engineer
Storey and the local officials regarding
the preliminary work of the surveying
and engineering parties on the new route
to Eureka.
Among the many things that are at
present interesting the head of the Santa
Fe's western system is the new hotel
which the company purposes to build in
the Grand Canyon of the Colorado. Dis
cussing this matter last evening. Man
ager Wells said:
We expect to have this establishment com
pleted and ready to welcome travelers in next
March. Chief Engineer Burns has been au
thorized by the directors of the road to Im
mediately let the contracts far th» preliminary
work and it will not be long before the outer
walls of the hotel will be up. The design of
the structure U to be similar to that of the
Alvarado Hotel at Albuquerque, that ts. of an
old mission type, and will afford accommoda
tions for about 30O ruests. It will cost about
$50 000. The plans for the hotel were de
signed months ago and work would have been
already well under way, but operations were
deferred until the necessary permission to build
in the canyon, which is a Government reserve,
could bo obtained from the authorities in
Washlnzton.
Cadets Will Give Entertainment.
The members of the Field Music, First
Regiment of the League of the Cross
Cadets, will give an entertainment and
dance on Wednesday evening, Septem
ber 2. at Mission Parlor Hall, Seventeenth
and Valencia streets. The committee of
arrangements. Sergeant James McNa
mara, Sergeant James Kane. Sergeant F.
Chrisllas, Corporal T. Catalan and Cor
poral Edward Shine, have charge of th»
affair and are making every effort to as
sure an enjoyable evening.
Appraise Hadenfeldt Estate.
The estate of the late Charles Hades
feldt was apralsed yesterday at $25,000.
According to the appraisers* report it con
sists of $5000 due an a life insurance policy
and an Interest in the- Jewelry firm of
Rothschild & Hadenfeldt, at 134 Butter
street, worth $20,000.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles. 60c a pound. In artistic fir*'
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st. above Call bldg. •
Special information supplied daily to
business nouses and public men by ths
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. *
CHARMING SOCIETY GIRL, WHO HAS JUST RETURNED TO THE CITY
AFTER A DELIGHTFUL. SOJOURN IN THE COUNTRY AND WHO
WILL, BE LAVISHLY ENTERTAINED DURING COMING SEASON.
The desperate man hunt, which has agitated Cali
*«r::ia for so many days and which has already cost
two honest lives, seems destined to end in some of
our big cities, where perhaps the escaped beasts of
Folsom may commit new crimes. Convicts seek the
city as rats swarm to the sewer*
The wise men ofBcrkeley have turned to be den
tists, and the subjects of their craft arc the majestic
oaks which adorn the college town. If, as some be
lieve, trees feel and think, it is to be hoped that the
trees of Berkeley won't suffer as the rest of us do
after the dentist Has stilled his hammer and we are
released from the' torture chamber.
• On Wednesday last Attorney General
U. S. "Webb, In response to a request from
Governor Pardeo to examine the title of
the Steffens property, filed an opinion ap
proving the. title of the proposed new
residence for the Governor in Sacramento.
Yesterday the Capitol 'Committee,, oh re
ceiving the Attorney General's opinion,
immediately closed the deal, and the v/ork
of putting the residence in readiness will
be commenced without delay
Steffens Property Bought.
6
\ SUNDAY CALLS 1
\ \ Watch for the full page of clever half-hour
\ \ storiettes.
S^\^\ Un|lflr theGopper Moon
r li ~lo7r i.\ . A -How the Race Was Won.-
rabl6S THE rOOIISn \ \ By Crlttcndeix Harriott.
By Nicholas Nemo. \ S^ \
\ w& \ Don's HaPPy Ncss N V C
The Oracle of MulA \^ \ By^tto b. s^nga.
•berry Center \ -j\ V A village Pincushion
By S. E. Riser. ; Y ¦ \ By garaft i^dsay Colemaru
The Etiquette of the\ \ ~
visitor \> a/ ine
By Madge Moore. \ \AV \
And ttie most cxdting installment yet pub-\ V£ \ 1 1 1 1 ST H I
Ushed of that merry lampoon of America'sX V^^ \ ¦pUlUI
Nouveaux Riches, - \ / \ By
\ ¦/'&¦ \ Edwin
...The Spenders... V .J\r~
By Harry Leon Wilson. 7 V^ \
"Wherein Uncle Peter Bines sacrifices $12,000,000 tcteach^C \ *
his nephew not to be a fashionable sosh. / \ \
EXCITING FICTIOnXMargaret A. Ratcliffe, sister of Mrs.
Elizabeth Pearl, filed an application yes
terday to be appointed guardian of the
person and estate of Mrs. Pearl. Mrs.
Pearl, who is at present in McNutfs Hos
pital, according to the petitioner, is in
competent to manage her interests. She
has two sons, Sylvester and Lawrence
Pearl, and Mrs. Ratcliffe wants them re
strained from removing their mother
from the hospital, as she claims they
threaten to do. Mrs. Pearl owns consid
erable realty.
Would Protect Sister's Interests.
Carnegie exhorted the trustees not to be
afraid of making mistakes, to try many
things freely, but to discuss just as free
ly, keeping in touch with the masses and
constantly aiming to improve their tastes
and to give Dunfermline something be
yond what was possessed by other cities.
Carnegie proceeded to say that he had
provided for thi3 experiment in his will
more than years ago, but his re
tirement from business enabled him to put
the scheme Into operation during his life
time. The problem set to the trustees
was, "What can be done in towns to
benefit the masses by money in the hands
of the most public-spirited citizens?"
If jt was proved that good could be
done the trustees would open new fields
to the rich, which, Carnegie said, he be
lieved they would hereafter be more and
more anxious to find for their surplus
wealth.
LONDON, Aug. 6.— In handing over to
fifteen representative citizens of his na
tive? town, Dunfermline, who were his
guests at Skibo Castle early this week, a
trust deed transferring to them J2.500.000
in 5 per cent bonds of the United States
Steel Corporation and PlttencrlefC Park,
Andrew Carnegie explained the objects he
had in view in these words: _
It Is an experiment the object of which is
to attempt to Introduce into the monotonous
lives of the tolling- masses of Dunfermllna
more of sweetness and light; to give them, es
pecially the young, some Improvement, some
elevating conditions of life which their resi
dence elsewhere would have denied, so that
a child in his native town will feel, however
far he may have roamed, that simply by vir
tue of being such, his life has been made hap
pier and better.
Wants Life of Toiling Masses
to Have Sweetness
and Light.
Carnegie States Purpose
of Dunfermline
Gift. .
RICH HERITAGE
FOR BIRTHPLACE
Fifty Ladrones Sentenced.
MANILA, Aug. €.— Fifty lacrones who
crere implicated in the recent raids near
Surigao. in the province of Mindanao,
have been sentenced to long terms of im
prisonment.
NAPA. Aug. 6.— S. M. Getchell,' proprie
tor of the Golden Cup saloon, who was
convicted on a charge of permitting a
minor to visit his place of business and
later cited to appear before the City
Council and show cause why his license
Bhould not be revoked, has left town mys
teriously. The bartender does not know
where Getchell has gone.
Saloon Man Mysteriously Disappears.
Special patriotic services will be held
in honor of the Grand Army and its kin
dred organizations at the Howard-street
Methodist Church, on Howard street, be
tween Second and Third, on Sunday even-
Ing, August 16. Rev. A. C. Bane will
A general invitation is extended to the
members of the Grand Army to attend
the reception to the Commander-in-Chief
and his staff. Department presidents,
past presidents .and treasurers are in
vited to assist the national president and
her staff in receiving.
The national officers of the Ladies of
the G. A. R. will tender a reception to
Commander-in-Chief Thomas J. Stewart
and his staff at the same ball on Thurs
day evening, August 20. Seven Pines Cir
cle, No. 3, will have charge of the even
ing, Mrs. Jeanette C. Harvey chairman.
In conjunction with the following cir
cles: John B. Wyman Circle, No. 22; Anna
Ella Carroll Circle, No. 1; Edward Roby
Circle, No. 2, Sacramento; .William Me-
Kinley Circle No. 31, George H. Thomas
Circle No. 22 and all other circles in the
department.
A general reception for members of the
Grand Army and their friends will be held
on Friday evening at the same hall.
The seventeenth annual convention of
the Ladles of the G. A. R. will hold its
sessions in Union Square Hall, August
20 and 21. from 9:30 a. m.
Sol Cahen, chairman of the committee
for the Ladies of the Grand Army, sub
mitted a programme adopted by the en
tertainment committee of * the ladies,
which was approved by the general com
mittee, and it includes the following:
The Department of California, Ladies
of the Grand Army, will open headquar
ters at the- Palace Hotel on Monday, Aug
ust 17, where all members of the organi
zation and veterans will find a cordial
welcome during encampment week. The
headquarters of the national president
will also be opened on the same day in
suite SeS-JtS, Palace Hotel. On Wednes
day evening, August 19, the Department
of California will tender a reception to
the national officers and delegates, to kin
dred organizations and their friends at
Union Square Hall, 421 Post street. Mrs.
Ella C. Smedley is chairman for that
evening.
Immediately on hearing that the fore
going communication had been made to
the Board of Public Works. General
George Stone called a special meeting of
the executive committee. The commit
tee met at 3 o'clock and discussed the
situation. Later on General Shatter, W.
H. Jordan and C. E. Wilson called on
John D. Soreckels and subsequently re
ported to the chairman. Another meet-
Ing of the executive committee will be
held at 10 a. m. to-day.
The contractors may be able to devise
some new method of supporting the sus
pended platform and canopy and proceed
with the work of constructing the arch.
Time is now an important element, as
the encampment will open on August 17.
DECORATION— ILLUMINATION.
The committee of the Grand Army de
sires to enlist the co-operation of the peo
ple of San Francisco in the matter of
giving the city a festive appearance dur
ing the week of the national encampment.
The funds thus far collected and what is
in sight are not sufficient to carry out
the plans of decoration and illumination
originally contemplated, and the work of
the committee in that respect will have
to be considerably curtaited. It Is there
fore most desirable, and the residents of
San Francisco are earnestly requested,
to decorate their premises with the na
tional colors and such other emblems as
they may desire for encampment week.
Especially are the proprietors of stores
and places of business appealed to, to
assist in illuminating the central and
business portion by a liberal use of in
candescents and other display. The com
mittee feels justified In calling attention
to the fact that the national encampment
of the Grand Army Is one of the most im
portant events in the history of this city,
and expects that the citizens will be equal
to the occasion.
The executive committee of the Grand
Army, at the meeting held last Wednes
day evening, decided to devote $500 from
its funds for the national encampment of
the Spanish-American War veterans and
for a reunion of all the veterans of that
war and the Philippine insurrection.
The Spanish-American War veterans
will hold a general meeting at Grand
Army headquarters this evening to per
fect plans for i the coming national en
campment.
LADIES OF THE GRAND ARMY.
The Board of Works will meet this
morning at 10:30 o'clock to consider the
communication.
THE Board of Public Works re
ceived a communication yesterday
from W. J. Martin and Engineer
Wolters of the Claus Spreckels
building protesting against any
further hoisting on the* cable ropes sus
pended from the building for the purpose
of erecting the many sections of the G. A.
R. decorative arch. The communication
states that the undue strain which is
brought to bear" on the structural stone
work and on the cornice of the fifteenth
floor Is a very dangerous proposition and
liable to dislodge some of the stone or a
part of the cornice, the results of which
would cause these heavy stones to fall
to the sidewalk, a -distance of over 200
feet, thereby endangering the lives of
passing pedestrians. The letter concludes:
In view of these facts, wherein we feel to al
low this work to proceed any further would be
simply criminal on our part, we therefore here
by order your honorable body to have removed
from this building: at the earliest possible time
all the hoisting cable, apparatus, gear, etc.. ap
pertaining to this arch.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 6.-Postmasters
commissioned: California— Thaddeus A.
Pursell, Semltropic. Washington— Clarence
W. Fish, New Kamilche; George W. Cole,
Fisher.
Navy orders— Lieutenant C. M. Stone
to Pensacola naval training station, San
Francisco. Assistant Paymaster J. F.
Kutz and A. S. Brown to Independence.
Mare Island navy yard.
Army orders— Leave of absence granted
Captain John W. L. Phillips, Twenty
seventh Infantry. Department of Califor
nia, extended three months.
Several New Postmasters Are Com
missioned and Army and Navy
Orders Are Issued.
OP INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Political Mustering of the
Forces Is Along Race
Lines.
ton and Burton of Kansas. Liberal mu
r.icipal laws ere demanded, also an ex
tension of American land laws to the isl
p.nds, and the Home Rulers accuse their
opponents of attempting to raise the race
issue in politics.
The DoMticaJ lir.e-up of forces in the
approaching campaign is almost entirely
along race lines. The Home Rulers will
have an all native ticket and a large
proportion cf the Republicans are op-
T-^sed to the nomination of natives on
their ticket.
that the< administration is "selfish, cor
rupt, biased, wasteful, extravagant, bent
upon perpetuating its own power and
control of public affairs," and establish
ing a xule cf "corporate and class
wealth," and it alleges that favorites
have been riven high salaried positions
and allowed to secure large and valua
ble tracts of T'^blic lands. Dole's admin
istration is declared to be dishonored at
hnme and discredited abroad, and the
Home Rulers call attention to the fact
that the administration was "roundly
condemned" bv the United States Sena
torial commission which recently visited
the islands to investigate, consisting of
Mitchell of Oregon. Foster of Washing-
cluded native newspaper men. It was
firoppeA without betas: voted on. The
platJona adopted by the Home Rulers
is severe In its denunciation of the Dole
administration. It contains* a statement
HONOLULU, July SI.— The Homo Rule
Territorial Convention, which began with
the jirospect of a spirited contest between
ox-Delegate to Congress Wilcox and Sen
ator Kalauokalani for the presidency of
the organization, ended in harmony, with
K.ilauokalanl re-elected and an under
standing that Wilcox Fhsll have the next
romlnation for Doleg-ate to Congress.
Wilcox sprung a new campaign, Issue In
'.he form of a movement by Hawailans
to ask CongToss to restore the independ
ence of Hawaii under a plan similar to
that of the Government of Cuba. The
idea was received with enthusiasm, but
tlie memorializing to Congress was post
poned until the next election.
The members of the convention were
a'.l Hawaiian? and their proceedings were
t-r.tirely in the Hawaiian language. At
one stasre a member introduced a reso
lution to exclude from the hall all per
sor.s, including press representatives, ex
< art members and a short list which In-
HONOLULU, July SL— The trial of the
George A. Davis disbarment case in the
Supreme Court was the moot sensational
ever' had In that tribunal here. Several
times during the progress of the hear
ing there ¦was talk of gun play, the re
spondent. George A. Davis, being reported
as making threats against Attorney Gen
eral Andrews. Davis' defense was mark
ed by the bitterest personal attacks on
Andrews, and the latter was unsparing
In his comments on the conduct of Davis
In the matters which brought about the
proceedings. The submission of the case
against Davis makes four attorneys be
fore the court for disbarment or other
punishment, all of them having been con
cerned In the long litigation over the for
tune of John K. Sumner. a capitalist 81
years of age. whom the court has held to
be not insane, 6ut mentally weak.
The last two cases submitted were those
of J. A. Magoon and George A. Davis.
The principal charge against Magoon was
that the fee of U000 he charged Sumner
was extortionate. Davis is alleged to
have "acted aeainst his own client In
threatening him to secure a fee of $2500
and to have brought a suit to declare
him insane for the sole purpose of secur
ing money for the plaintiff in that ac
tion, Sumner's sister, and a fee of $5000
for himself and the firm of Magoon &
Peters.
Andrews and Davis Exchange
Compliments in Island
Court.
Disbarment Suit Marked
by Bitter Personal
Attacks.
Convention Proceeding's
Are in the Hawaiian
Language*
GUN PLAY TALK
LENDS SENSATION
DOLE DENOUNCED
BY HOME RULERS
Without seeing: the Diamond Palace
would be like visiting Europe without see
ing Paris. It is the leading feature of Sam
Francisco and is conceded to he the most
beautiful, jewelry store in the world. Vis
itors or purchasers equally welcome. 221
Montgomery St.. bet. Bush 'and Pine. • -
To Visit San Francisco
Lizzie E. West, a woman aged 65 years,
residing at 420 Ellis street, while laboring
under a spell of i despondency through
grief and poverty, early yesterday morn
ing sought death by taking a dose of
chloroform. She was taken to the Emer
gency Hospital, where Dr. Armistead ad
ministered restoratives which relieved her
of the poison. ' She was afterward sent to
the City and County Hospital. Mrs. West,
whose husband and daughter died a few
years ago, was in straitened circum
stances, which, prompted her to end her
life.- Before taking the poison she made
arrangements with an undertaking firm
to have her boay cremated.
While Despondent Sought Death.
How Jim Corbctt .scared the actors. Read
the Wasp's gossip. •
The passengers officials of the Southern
Pacific Company are being daily reminded
by the numerous telegrams received from
the East concerning the movement of
trains that the westward tide of travel
attendant upon the coming Grand Army
encampment here has already set In. As
yet the passenger department has not
been able to gain a correct Idea as to the
movement of the westbound trains, but in
the course of a day or bo It will be able
to know where every special train is lo
cated and will settle down to the task of
bringing their passengers into San Fran
cisco on their scheduled time. In plan
ning to bring the trains through on t'me
the officials of the Southern Pacific Com
pany have had to carefully consider the
welfare of the California fruit-growers,
who at this particular time of the
year are busily engaged In getting their
products to the Eastern markets, and not
a few of them have shown considerable
anxiety over the possibility of delay of
their cars while the old soldiers are mov
ing westward.
Passenger Traffic Manager E. O. Mc-
Cormick, however, In order to allay this
fear, has sent out letters assuring the
fruit men that the company has adopted a
plan which will guarantee their shipments
of fruit against delay. It is purposed to
have Immediate reports made of the ar
rival and departure of special trains at
Grand Junction, Ogden, Denver and Salt
Lake, ' so that their progress westward
may be anticipated and congestion of
trains prevented along the lines, as has
been an experience of the Southern Pa
cific Company on several occasions In the
past. Every piece of available rolling
stock is to be utilized In facilitating West
ern traffic and even a number of engines
at present engaged In the construction
work on the Salt Lake cut-off are to be
temporarily assigned to service on the
main road during the heaviest of the
travel this way. By avoiding a congestion
of trains and keeping the specials running
on a certain schedule the passenger de
partment of the Southern Pacific Com
pany is confident of giving the freight
trains a clear way and Insuring the safety
of California fruit destined for Eastern
markets.
TO HANDLE TRAFFIC.
Southern Pacific Passenger Officials
Adopt a New Plan.
preach a patriotic sermon, and the choir
will sing familiar and new patriotic
music.
VETERANS WHO WILL TAKE
ACTIVE PART IN COMING
ENCAMPMENT.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL ,: FRIDAY. AUGUST 7, 1903.
Board of Public Works Receives Letter From W. J., Martin
and Engineer Wolters of the Claus Spreckels Building.
i Session of Executive Committee of G. A. R. Is Called
SUSPENSION OF WORK
ON DECORATIVE ARCH
7
AanJSEMENTS.
LESTER AND CURTIN: LITTLE BLOSSOM;
THE THREE KUHNS. AND A GRKAT
SHOW EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVE-
NING IN THE THEATER.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MOHT."
VISIT THi:
POUND AND ONB-HALP BABY
IN THE INFANT INCUBATOR.
THREE BABY TIGERS IN THE ZOO.
ELECTRIC FOUNTAIN SATURDAY NIGHT.
ADMISSION. 10c: CHILDREN, So.
W«tch for th»
"MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE."
I I V V/L.I house.
ALL THIS WEEK. SATURDAY MATINEE.
Tbe Third Week of the Special Engagement of
CAMILLE D'ARVILLE
In DeKoren'a Great Comlo Opera,
THE HIGnWAYMAN
Special Cast Throughout.
EDwrsr sxEVExrs a* roxr quxueb.
Arthur Cunningham. Annls Myers. Ferris
Hartman. Edward Webb Bertha Davis, Almee
Leicester and the bis Tlvoll Company.
The Next Attraction Will Be
——"THE TOWnnSTB TELLEB."—
With Anna Llchter In the leading- soprano
POPULAR PRICES. f^. 23©. 00c, 75c
Telephone Bnah 9.
GRAN_D8SE!&
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
ILjAST TWO NIQHTSI
RAYMOND AND CAVBRLY
And Our Superb Eastern Company la
IN WALL STREET
Next Sunday INlgHt
The Rogers Brothers' Success of Last Season.
A Gorgeous. Novel and Beautiful Production.
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
PRICES— 25c BOc. 75c
ALCAZAR Ts*~r
_____ Gen. Mgr.
TO-NIOHT— THI3 WEEK ONLY.
"Charming performance." — Chronicle.
"A delightful comedy." — Call.
"Went with a snap." — Examiner.
WHITE WHITTLESEY
THE BUTTERFLIES
Evg., 25c to 75c; Mat. Thur. & Sat, I5c to 50o
Next Monday— Farewell Week of the WHIT-
TLESEY Engagsment
THE THREE MUSKETEERS.
Monday. Aug. 17 — The Greatest of Rural Plays,
THE DAIRY FARM,
SYMPHONY CONCERTS.
FRITZ SCHEEL, 2™
Aueplces S. F. Symphony Society.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
ORCHESTRA OF 70 MUSICIANS.
Concerts at 8:15 p. m. FRIDAY. August 14.
WEDNESDAY. August ID. THURSDAY. Au-
gust 27. and every THURSDAY following up
to and including October 8.
SALE OF SEASON TICKETS BEGINS ON
MONDAY. AUG. 10. AT SHERMAN
& CLAY'S MUSIC STORE.
Price* of Seats— Season. Orchestra. $1 23:
Dre«s Circle, first four rows, $1 25; last four
rows. $1; Family Circle. 75c. 25c off each sea-
son ticket to members of the S. F. 8TM-
PHONT SOCIETY. Applications for member-
ship should be made to the Manager. Room 91,
Crocker Bldg., before 5 p. m. August 8.
MISCTXT.ATnSOUS AMUSEMENTS.
DAWSON PIONEER BAY EXCURSION
On steamer SUNOL. SUNDAY. AUGUST 9.
for Martinez, visiting Vallejo. Mare Island
Nevy Yard. Union Iron Works. Will stop at
Martinez one hour for dinner. Round trip BOc.
Leaves Washlngton-st. wharf. Pier 3. 10 a. m.
sA SI El fl sft Beds, chairs. Stoves, etc.
S I n Hii 1 Tents for rent and for sale.
1 01 1111 mm Guns. Rifles. Flshln* Tackle
¦ ¦flkllHl and Sporting Goods. Send
linill! f °r Catalogue. Shreve &
" " , Barber Co., 739 Marks* st.
[^ ¦ and 521 Kearoy **.
; _ _ PBAGEBS ¦
"2 for 1." "2 for 1.""" "2 for I."
Obtain 'H^jJ j Great*
Stamps i_|§ QPfk-dk $$[*lf® Bargains
at, Desk J^^WMwS^rfZJ 1 in AU
Near 1} * a wawreuabu£ Depart-
Entrance. 1 Ptt88-IWhUMErCT«^| ments#
A Friday Surprise.
Two Green Trading Stamps
Instead of One Will Be
Given With AU Pur-
chases To-Day.
The liberal offer of 2 Stomps instead of 1 will
be very welcome to shoppers. Besides the splendid
values that are in every department! each customer
will be given doable the usual number of stamps.
Fora 10c purchase two stamps will be presented;
for $1.00 worth, 20 stamps, etc. The same
low prices will prevail.
One ot 1 o-iiay s Many
Great Specials.
t> Jkkrtnc
A\mliJiJ\J llj •
ioc a yard — 1500 yards of 15c a yard — 2000 yards of
all pure silk taffeta and fancy the best quality of all silk rib-
striped ribbons, Z X A to 5 b° n * n Dresden and taffeta,
inches wide, in almost any 2>4 inches wide. Pretty de-
shade. Just the thing for signs and colorings. This
neckwear and fancy* work, ribbon is woven and not
Will wash well. A 39c value, printed. Worth 35c a yard.
19c a yard — 1000 yards of pure silk striped liberty taffeta
ribbon,' 5 inches wide. Comes in white, pink, blue and cream.
Makes a soft, dainty neck and sash ribbon. A regular 40c
value.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Skin Diseases 1
of the most stubborn and chronic kind
are promptly relieved and eventually
cured by the use cf
This powerful germicide is ab-
solutely -harmless. It has cured
cases pronounced incurable and
will cure you. By killing the
germs that cause skin diseases, it
allows Nature to restore a healthy
skin. Used and endorsed by lead-
ing physicians everywhere for the
last 1 2 years. Booklet on request.
Sold by leading druggists or trial
bottl; sent prepaid on receipt of 25 cents.
Gl.O Prince St. f New York
' S J jfs? &m 3^ T fab sSfioiH
rilDPQ FVFC REDEYELID3 \ J$\i M«r
6RANUtATI0N, IHrLAMHATION.ETC \^___^ijr^
BRISHTEN8 DULL EYE9,CL'RCS PINK i\l*~J^
I 50* AT DBUGGIST3 4 OPTICIANS 08 BY MAIL T.
ttURINE EYE REMEDY CO. CHICAGO,
e^^^«^s^«v^'^»^«&^v*^^>^v^'O
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great d
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
A CB 1051 lflBIIT ST. t«t. 6:b«7a,3.r.Cil.i
T Sj The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
Y fikg«9h disease fo«i(l«rlj cared hy tbe oldest ?
0 ISHI bpecialiit on the Coast. Est. 36 j ears. 0
6 Afftf A OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN I
\ Jr wjSSfon Consultation free and strictly pririte. \
A I YSw; M TrMtinent personally or by letter. A g
T fl fiT iS H /"onfite Cur« in every case undertaken. T
a 1* !1 IlA Write for Book. PBILOHOPnYaf A
Y * it I 1 * ItRRMfiB, MAILED FREE. (AT
\ n JL Yatuable book for mm) . \
f JDK. JORDAN A CO., 1051 Market St.. 8. P. f
Pala™ D °N' T rAIL TO
1 UlatW see the beautiful
- COURT Lounging
2211/3 room, the EMPIRE
aifU PARLOR, the
r j PALM ROOM, the
i!f*/.f1fl LOUIS XV PAR.
XiiailU lor, and the LA-
u . V DIES' WRITING
Hotels room
CUTLERY
EVERY ME.MRRATO
W, X. HESS.
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT-LAW,
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus Spreckels bldg.
Telephone Main 883. -
Residence. 821 California st., below Powell.
Residence Telephone James 1501.
AJfPSEMENTa
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
RECREATION PARK,
EIGHTH AND HARRISON ¦
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY. 3:30 P. M.; SAT-
URDAY, 3:00 P. M. .
SUNDAY. ..."....'................ -.2:30 P. M.
LOS ANGELES vs. OAKLAND.
LADIES' ' DAYS THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
; Advance Bale," 6 Stockton St.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND ATFAIBS
— ¦ — C f T7IK
ASSURANCE COMPANY,
OF BERLIN. GERMANY. ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D. 1902. and for the
year ending on that car. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner cf the State of Cali-
fornia pursuant to the provisions of Sections
KIo and t.11 of tbe Political Code, condensed
a* per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL. "•
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in cash $250.000 00
ASSETS. — -
U*ai Erta.t» owned by Company.. $428,634 34
Loans on Bcn^e and Mortgages.. 145,000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. 386.517 23 :
C&£h in Corr.ps.r.y'8 Office 23,»«4 05
Cash in Ear.ks 20»,552 84
Isterert cue and accrued on all
Stocky end Loans 1.589 02
Due from other Companies. Agents,
etc 524,641 06
Total Assets $1,770,108 69
LIABILITIES. ~
Z, <«rc adjusted end unpaid
Losses In process c{ Adjustment 1
orlnSusper.se \ $343,778 72
Losses resisted, lnc'.ufllnir expenses j
Grots premium* on Fire Risks
running on* year or less. $ ;
reinsurance 5© per cent 170,322 50
Gro*s rremlurns en Marine andl
Inland Navigation Rltkt. t-..;
reinsurance 100 per cent 200,548 28
Groes premiums en Marine Time
RiEks, $ : reinsurance 50
per cent J
Liability under other departments. S14.S10 02
< ash dividends remaining unpaid. 262 50
AU other liabilities. 3,594 77
Total Liabilities $1,033,016 7»
INCOME.
TCet cash actually received for Fire
premiums $427,783 41
ICet cash actually received for
Marine premiums 886,528 16
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgatres C. 850 00
Received for Interest and divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks, Loans
and from all other sources 2S.9C8 B4
Received for Rents 13.642 S3
Received from all other source*. 467.958 6d
Total Income $1,530,631 18
EXPENDITURES.
Net araour.t paid fcr Fire Losses
(including $ losses cf pre-
vious years) $281,SI2 91
Ne V amount paid 'or Marine Losses
(including $ losses of pre-
vious years) •• 249.1S7 23
r^vjfienfis to Stockifwlders 60,000 00
I'aid «r allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 295.673 47
X"«i<3 for Salaries, Fee* and other
oharsres tor officers, derka. «tc,
tf j-ff* of other branches 161,537 81
Tail for State. National aad Local
li-jxtt 2,900 75
All other payments and expen-
ditures 47.807 96
Total Expenditures $1,1«8.985 19
Risks and Premiums.) Fire Rlsks.| Premiums.
Net sunount of Risks'
written during the
year $222,226,500 $420.00710
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 223,918,835 427.78341
»t amount in force
December 31. 1902.. R8.256.500 170,322 80
I Mar. Risks.] Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written durinr tht
year $156,102,211 $2,397,666 17
Net amount of Risks
expired during the »
year 88.404,424 8*4.628 16
Net amount In force *
December 31. 1902.. 10.462,857 12S.H8 28
PAUL 6ZELIICEKI. Pr«t
MARC. MaCEL. Secy.
Subscribed and cworn to before me, this
SOth day of AprU. 1903.
JAMES H. NOUN AN. I
U. 8. Consul General
gutteITfrank, \
General Agents,
303 CALIFORNIA STREET,
6AN FRANCISCO, CAL.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIBS
—OF THE——
Iteft FM
INSURANCE COMPANY,
f\F PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
v Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
»>«r. A. D. 1802. and for the year ending en
that day. as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and Cll of the
fpllUcal Code, condensed as per blank furnish-
ed by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid
«P la Cash $300.000 00
ASSETS. "~
Real Estate owned by Company. . $205,700 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages. . . 387.022 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 884,836 00
Amount cf Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral. 137.000 00
Caen In Company's Office 4 934 31
Cash in Banks 66,69s 66
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans ggg 79
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 7 42 S 39
Premiums In due Course of Col-
lation .' 75 532 19
Bills receivable, not matured,
taken for Fir* and Marine
Risks 218 10
Rents due and accrued 4S4 47
Deposit with Philadelphia Fire
Underwriters' Association 100 03
Perpetual deposits in course of
collection 3^52 70
Total Assets 41^74^063 61
INABILITIES."
Losses adjusted and unpaid $10,174 71
Losses in process of Adjustment
or in Suspense 17,463 01
Losses resisted. Including expenses 9 222 &S
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less. $300.-
702 43; reinsurance 50 p«r cent.. 154,831 22
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year,
$330,167 C8; reinsurance pro
rat* 181.675 11
Amount reclalmable by the in-
sured on perpetual fire insurance
Policies 868,353 00
Due and accrued for salaries.
rents, etc 8,450 45
Commissions and Brokerage due
and to become due 17 727 14
All other liabilities 12,133 87
Total Liabilities $1,278 051 42
INCOME. ~ =^ = '
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $352,168 68
Received for interest on Bonds
and Mortgages 21 540 13
Received for Interest and divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks. Loans,
and from all other sources 40.658 3t
Received for Rents 9*897 75
Received from all other sources.. Tz',C92 33
Total Income $701,457 23
EXPENDITURES. : ~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $31,080 OS. losses of
previous yeare) $239,028 49
Dividends to Stockholders 30 000 0O
Paid or allowed ror Commission or
Brokerage 120,081 00
Paid fcr Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 29 528 13
Paid for State. National and Lo-
cal taxes 14 930 t<>
All other payments and expendl-
ture « B8.563 54
Total Expenditures $493,019 98
Losses Incurred during the year ....$235,389 88
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
yew $43,698,060 $505,628 85
Net amount of Risks ••«>»«¦
expired during tbe
rear 40.143,250 445,103 17
Net amotmt In force
December 31. 1902. 69,579,040 639,869 63
ROBT. B. BEATH. President.
DENNIS J. SWEENY. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 13th
day of March. 1903.
MARY L. CAMPBELL. Notary Public. '
gutteITfrank,
General Agents*
303 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. I
AMUSEMENTS,
Market Street, Near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— ONE WEEK ONLT.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Stupendous Production of Edwin Arden's
Powerful Russian Drama. •
ZORAH
— WITH—
HERSCHEL MAYALL as RABBI ISRAEL
FRANCOS.
EUGENIA THAIS LAWTON as ZORAH.
Gorgeous Scenic Effects! Splendid Costumes!
Brilliant Cast!
pjJIfCC EVENINGS ..10c to 30c
rKllLJ MATINEES 10c, 15c. 25c
Monday, August 10— "MAN'S ENEMY."
VIGOROUS VAUDEVILLE!
The Great Kaufmann Troupe; Dooley
and Tenbrooke; Roberts, Hayes
and Roberts; George Austin; Ma-
cart's Dogs and Monkeys and the
Biograph. Last times of Mme.
Konorah; James J. Morton and
Claudius and Corbin.
Reserved Seats. 23c: Balcony, 10c: Box Seats
and Opera Chairs. BOc.
fAbiFORNIAI
I ¦ LAST TIMES OF THE TRE- r\
\0 MENDOUS SUCCESa J 1
WEII.I.-MOROSCO CO.
7Jl Presenting Paul Leicester 7J> '
•*** Ford's Matchless Romance of
tZfk the Revolution. Qf)
¦^ V JAOTCE MEBEDITH. ")[
2J5 First time at less than $2 2jO
prices. Next Sunday Night.
"A ROYAL. FAMILY." Most
TjharmlnR comedy romance 090
I Jver written. W~~
HEATRUl
tf%AI BIUB9IH h* flWKScrs
ll*^|laUf¥iSl!M IEADISQ TCEATRi
iSiig?ALL NEXT WEEK
MATINEE SATURDAT ONLY.
lI7 T y¥> A "Tho Comedian
D^fWiTL You AH Know."
KENDALL
In His Great Starring Comedy Success.
"THE VINEGAR BUYER"
A LICKNSK FOR LAUGHTER.
Liebler & Co Managers
Aug. 17 — Henry Miller and Margaret Anghn.
$ ONLY 3 DAYS MORE OF
"UNDER THE RED GLOBE"
Combined With
"THE THREE MUSKEETERS. 0
Our "All-Star" Cast. Including:
KOLB AND DILL.
BARNEY BERNARD.
WINFIELD BLAKE.
HARRY HERMSENV
MAUDE AMBER.
RESERVED BEATS— NlghU. 25c. BOc and
76c. Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 23c and
60c. Children at Matinees. 10c and 25c
Seats now on wale for ••QUO VASS ISS" and
'•THE BIG LITTLE PRINCESS"— a great
double bill. (Too full of good things to enu-
merate^) . - ., ¦ . . ..
LECTTJBES AND CONCERTS.
affi&jtSjjte* STEINWAY HALL,
wffiBs^ffHfHgf^BJflm ' <Tne Marconi of the
.."'..-- . . Tickets 25c. BOc and 78c
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
NEXT SUNDAY'S
ART SUPPLEMENT,
"THE RUSSIAN WEDDING/'
Effectively framed either in
Flemish brown, ebony or gilt
frame, about three or four
inches; framed closely.E. COURTNEY FORD, CAPTAIN OF THE DEL MONTE RUN, AT THE STEERING WHEEL OF HIS BIG TOUR
ING AUTOMOBILE, ACCOMPANIED BY E. P. BRINEGAR, SECRETARY OF THE AUTOMOBILE CLUB OF
CALIFORNIA, AND BY TWO OTHER ENTHUSIASTS.
Los Angeles. . . 00000000 3 3 9' o
Tacoma 0 2 0 0 13 0 2 x— 8 . 11 0
Batteries— Johnson and Hildebrand- Lourk«
and Byers. •"«-«-»¦
BUTTE. Mont Aug. 6.— Three errors on the
pan of Salt Lake to-day, coupled with their
failure to connect with Dowllng at times when
hits were needed, waa the cause of the defeat
of the visitors to-day. Butte found Lundbom
with several bunches of hits. Score: < *'~"'
Butte 30012031 x— 10 rf' E i
Salt Lake 010000100—2 11 3
Batteries— Dowllng and Swindells; Lundbom
and Anderson. Umpire Huston.
SPOKANE. Aug. C— Spokane waa unable to
bit Leitm&n to-day wbej^liits meant runs.
Hogg was hit early *a5 often. McCarthy
face been suspended for a week and fined $50
for assaulting Umpire Warner. Attendance
800. Score:
n. h. e.
Epokxa* 0 0 0 0 0.0100—1 . H 1
Eaa Francisco. 0 2 0 110 0 l'O — B 12 1
Batteries — Horg and Hanson;' LcStman and
Zearfcca. Umpire — Warner.
Feattle OUWOOOO-^ '£ E j
Helena 0 0 0 0 3 0 0 0 0—3 8 5
Battrries — McCarthy and Hurley; Thompson
and Carrlach. Umpire — Colgan.
TACOMA, Wash.. Aug. 0L— Los Angeles could
not eolve Loucks' delivery to-day until the
ninth, when four singles, aided by a gift, re-
Fultod In three runs. The fielding of the locals
was clean throughout. Loucka etruck out eleven
cf the Angels. Johnson waa generous with
Sifts and walked eight men. He was hit hard
in epots. Score:
SEATTLE, Waeh.. Aug. 6.— Both Thompson
and McCarthy pitched winning ball to-day,
fimith hit • runner while trying for a put-out
st third. This error lost the game for Seattle
Score : *
(Pacific National League.)
W. L. Pet. I W. I. Pet
Lo»> Angcles.61 37 .C22IS. FTancisco.50 49 WO
Butte «0 37 .«52O Tacoma 41 fw *424
£poka.ne ....57 40 .588 Helena 35 f,s 370
Seattle 51 45 .531 Salt Lake... 11 22 \'£Sl
L0UCKS' CURVES MYSTIFY.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Portland 00000200 x — 2 82
Kacr&mento .U 0000000 O 0 6 1
Batteries — Butler and Vigneux; Thomas and
Graham. Umpire — Levy.
Feattl* 0 00030200— b' 4' 4
fan Francisco. .0 0000032 2 7 9 3
Batteries— Carrick and Wilson; Iberg end
Kelly.
PORTLAND. Or., Aug. « — Portland shut out
Firrenifnto to-day in a fast game Butler
end Thomas both pitched good ball, but Port
land hit Thoma* at opportune times. Score:
SEATTLE. Wa*h.. Aug. 6.— San Francisco
won another game to-day from Seattle by
seven to five. The locals could not connect
with Ibergs delivery, getting only four hits
Score:
IBERG IN GEEAT FORM.
TANNEHTXL'S PITCHING
WINS FOR NEW YORK
Washington Batsmen Unable to
Find His Curves for More
Than Three Hits.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 6.— New York took the
second game of the series by ehutting Wash
ington out. Tannehiira pitching was mainly
responsible for the locals' defeat. The game
was called at the end of the seventh Inning on
account of darkness. Attendance, 1000. Score;
n. 11. e.
Washington • 0 3 l
New York ft.: 4 9 1
Batteries — Wilson and Klttredge; Tannehlll
and O'Connor. /
CLEVELAND. O.. Aug. 8. — Cleveland lost
an exciting game to Detroit to-day. Pearson
waa hit hard and in addition lost the game by
Murdering on the base*. The hitting of Flick
and Crawford was a feature. Attendance.
3000. Score :
K. H. E.
Cleveland .......6 10 1
Detroit ••••• 7 16 4
Batteries— Pearson and Bemis; Donovan and
McOuire.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. flL — Boston and Phil
adelphia fought hard to-day for the seoond
tfiime of the aeries and the home team won
through good work at the bat. Attendance
9700. Score (eight innings):
R. II. E.
Borton 3 3 0
Philadelphia 4 12 2
Batteries — Young and Crlger; Bender and
Schreck. -
CHICAGO, Aug. 6.— Consecutive hitting, as
sisted by Kahoe's wild throw, scored five runs
for Chicago. White waa in rare form, holding
the visitors to seven hits and securing ten
Btrlke-outs. Attendance. 1950. Score:
' R. H. E.
Chicago S 12 1
St. Louii 17 2
Batteriee-pWhite and Slattery; Siever» and
Kahoe.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 6. — Cincinnati won from
St. Louis to-day In rather easy faihion. Fast
fielding characterized the work on both side*
St. lx)Uls making four double playa and Cin
cinnati two. Home runs by Ryan and Sey
mour were the batting features. Attendance.
1600. Score:
St. Louia. ....«' •• 3 10 1
Cincinnati 5 12 2
Batteries — Brown and Ryan; Hahn and Peitx.
Umpire — O"Day.
Western. Golf Championship.
CLEVELAND, Aug. 6.-The fourth
round of the Western amateur golf cham
pionship Is over, and three cities are rep
resented In the four survivors that will
play In the semi-finals to-morrow. . Chand
ler Egan of Exmoor, Chicago; his cousin,
Walter Egan, of the same club; R. H.
Russell of Detroit and Eddie Brown of
Cleveland are the men who will battle In
the semi-finals.
SARATOGA SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Gloriosa, Highlander,
rJuellst.
Second race^ — Bon Mot, Irascible,
Flara.
Third race — Baseful, Divinaticja,
Montreson.
Fourth race — Highlander, Birch
Broom, Stroller.
Fifth race — Avenger, Dutiful, Glad
Tidings.
Sixth race — Leonora Loring, Bad
News, Conundrum.
Fourth race, mile, wiling, 3-year-olds and
up— Surmise 10S. Stroller 84, Highlander 101,
Vineennes 104. Setauket 103, Birch Broom 90.
Fifth race, live and a half furlongs, maiden
2-year-o»dF — Longspur 114. St. Valentine 114
Fatin Slipper 111. Monochord 111. Van Esher
114, Glad Tiding* 111. Dutiful 114, Avenger
114, Otto Stifel 1H, Exclamation 114, Arietta
111, Wayfarer 114.
Sixth race, rnile, mares and geldings, 3-year
olds and up — /sad News 83. Stamping Ground
114. Molly Brant 1O4, Conundrum lt». Leonora
Lorinr 101.
Third race, five and a half furlongs, handi
cap, 2-year-olde — Baseful 123. Toledo 122.
Champlafn 120. Divination 120, Montreson 118,
Golden Drop 116, Blackamoor 113.
Second race, one and an eighth miles, handi
cap, all agee— Bon Mot 126. Surmise 123, Him
aef 120. IraFcible 113. Flara 105.
First race, six furlong*, handicap, selling,
3-year-olds — Karl of Warwick 1O7. Kentucky
Rosa 94. Caledonite 104, Duelist 107, High
lander 113. Glorioya 94.
SARATOGA. Aug. 6.— Weather clear; track
heavy- Entries:
SARATOGA ENTRIES.
One was down in the thirteenth when
Buck Francks singled out to left field.
Murdock forced him at second, making
the second cut. Baxter tore off a single
past Dillon, sending Murdock around to
third. Then Moskiman slapped the ball
down to Toman. He booted it and fum
bled it a while, till it was too late, and
Murdock landed with the precious tally
that held aloof for so long. The score:
Oakland — j Los Angeles —
AB. R. H. P. A.I AB.K.H.P.A.
OHnr.cf S 0 1 3 0 Hoy. cf. 4§0 0 10
Frrcks.s 5 0 1 S ~ \Vhfrl.2b « w 0 0 3 3
Murdlcrf 6 1112 Fmith,: j ,b 5 12 2 5
Schwz.Sb 5 0 0 5 1 Dlllon.lb 6 0 1 lit 1
Kaxtr.Sfc 5 12 4 5 Crvth. rf 5 O O 2 <•
Mofckm.lf 5 O 3 O 0 Ro«3. If.. 3 O O 4 O
L<-<h?r.n,o 3 O 0 3 1 Tonkin. s r, O 1 2 -J
Mpsrly.lb 4 0 1 39 1 Spi»s. c. 5 0 0 » 1
Cooper.p 4 0 0 1 S Corbet, p 4 0 1 0 3
Total*. 42 2 9 33 2T> Totals.45 1 6*3J> 17
•Two out » hen winning run was scored.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
L^s Angeles 0 <• O 1 00(100000 0— 1
Base hit* 1O0100000021 0—5
Oakland o 00000100000 1—2
Base hits 0 10011101101 2—0
SUM MART.
Stolen bases — Baxter 2. O"Ilara. M«*s»erl>-.
Krrors — Cooper 2. Francks, Wheeler. Meeeerly,
Toman, liaxter. Two-base hit — Moskiman.
Facrinc hits — Cravath, Smith. Lohman. Key.
r'irtt base on errors— Oakland 1. Los Angeles
.*(. Fir»t bate on called balls — Oft Cooper 2,
r>tt Corbett 5. L*ft on bases — Oakland 1<), Los
Angeles 5. Struck out — By Cooper 2. by Cor
tx-tt 7. Double plays — Francks to Baiter to
Messcrlj ; Wheeitr to Dillon: Cooper to
Schwartz. Time of game— 2 hours and 33
minutis. Umpire — O'Connell
As Jimmy Toman booted the ball and
Then made a few desperate stabs in his
endeavor to get it and wing it to the
plate yesterday at Recreation Park Mur
dock hit out over the rath that leads
to the rubber. Just a moment of anxiety
fnpued. Toman could not grab the ball,
Murdock ran still harder, then it was
over and the Oakland Cripples landed by
a score or 2 to 1 after thirteen innings of
strife with the Los Angreles team.
'Twas a royal battle from the first in
ning till Toman's disastrous mistake end
ed it all. The end could never be fore
seen, as each eide had chance upon chance
to score the telling tally.
The credit of the battle belongs solely
to Cooper and Joe Corbett. Each was
nt bis best and the way they pitched
hall was a revelation. It would be hard
indeed tr choose between the two, so good
was thrfir work. Each suffered from a
deal of hard luck, yet this did not seem
to dishearten them in the least. They
were always in the game and ready to
pitch the beet kind of ball* they knew.
The Angels got their only tally in the
fourth inninff. Smith drove a liner at
Cooper that was too torrid to handle.
Then Dillon bunted and Cooper fielded
the ball to the Moose, who dropped the
throw, and both runners were safe. Cra
vath also worked the bunt game and this
lime Cooper threw to third, but too late
lo hrad off Smith.
Ress hit a fly straight up In the air.
No one seemed to go after the ball, which
was descending near Baxter. Murdock
at last came runnins in from right field
and bare'.j- g-ot under the descending
sphere. He dropped It and Smith arrived
?t the ran with the run. In an instant
Murdock picked up the ball again and
threw Cravath out at second, thus sav
ine himself an error.
The Cripples created the long lasting
deadlock in their half of the seventh
ppasm. Baxter walked and promptly stole
second. Mo?kiman drove the ball over
Wheeler's head and the Moose sprinted
frr the- plate. Wheeler finally recovered
the baU and threw It home. It went wide
of Hi* plate and Baxter was safe.
Then began the fight in earnest. In the
ninth Wheeler made the mistake that lost
the tram., for the Angels. He was given
a chance on Cooper's error. Smith bunted
and Cooper sot wild again. He picked
up' tb« ball and threw it away out to
the bleachers. Wheeler was tearing
« round the bags. When but a short dis
tance from the home plate he suddenly
Ftopped and started for third again. He
was thrown out on this sttipid play, when
he should have scored the winning run
for his team.
W. L. Pet., W. L. Pet.
Lo* Arjreles.TO 42 .025 Portland ....47 69 .443
S. Franei*co.«8 50 .G76; Seattle 48 61 .440
Sacramento.. 59 r.r. ..Ms. Oakland ...50 73.407
(Pacifle Coast League.)
FTAJTDIN'G OF THD CLITBS.
Time, 1:18 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, F. G«bhard's ch. i. by Halma-Palace.
Passbook 111. Dorset 111. Rockmart 109, Le
narka 111. Heir Apparent 111. Gypsana 111. also
ran.
SIXTH RACE — Purse, maidens, mile:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin
25 to 1— Cottage Maid. 109 (Fuller) 1113
2 to 1 — Pan Lougin. 114 (Hoar).. 7 2 2 3
4 to 1 — RuFFel Garth, 114 ft)dom). 5 3 3 4
FIFTH RACE— Selling. 2-year-olds, five and
a half furlones:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1 — Grenada, S*i (Callahan).. 6 2 1 h
5 to 1— Sweet Tone, S3 (McCafty) 3 3 2 h
5 to I— Masrdala, 9f) (Redfern) 4 4 3 £
Time, 1:11 :;-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. Spaget's b. tc. by St. Gati^o-Turmoil.
Bath Beach Kff, Tamarix 99, Judge 101, Play
Ball ?2. Goldepink 102, also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Puree. 3-year-olds and up
ward, mile:
Betting. Horre. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin
11 to 10 — Rumi«>I*. 10B (O'Neill)... 1 116
7 to 10 — Masterman. 119 (Burns). 2-2 2
Time. 1:4S. start good. Won easily. Win
ner, J. A. Drake's br. colt by Charade-Zingara
THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
Spinaway StaJcea; 2-year-old fllliea:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Raglan. 110 (Hicks) 6 4 lh
3 to 1— Little Em, 116 (Fuller) 6 3 2 V4
10 to 1— Memories. 119 (O'Neill)... 7 13 3
Time. 1:12. Start bad. Won driving. Win
ner. F. Gebhard's br. f. by Plaudit-Royal Gun.
Rowena 119. Euphrata 119. Testimony 119
Dovecote 119. Fine Art 110, also raa
SECOND RACE: — One mile; 3-year-olds and
up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 10 — Florham Queen, 91 (Mc-
CaiTerty) 1112
IS to 5 — Flora. 96 (Creamer) 4 2 2 10
10 to 1— Peninsula, 98 (R^dfern).. 2 5 3 3
Time. 1:48 1-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner. Bristol Stable 1 * ch. t by Tristan-Hazel
W. Carroll D 96. Lowly 87. also ran.
SARATOGA. Aug:. 6.— Raglan won the
Spinaway stakes for his new owner to
day. He was purchased yesterday by
Fred Gebhard for JSOOO. and to-day gath
ered in a stake worth $11,000. IJttle, Em.
brought up from Brighton especially for
this race, was second. Raglan was not
backed to any extent, going back from 2
to 1 to 4 to L
In the fourth race Runnels made an ex
hibition of Masterman. He was under re-
Btraint all the way and made Masterman
look very common.
Gay Boy, favorite in the first race, won
by a head from Cobourg. Florbam Queen,
the favorite in the second, won easily.
Summary: •
FIRST RACE— Six furlongrs; Highwelgbt
handicap:
Betting:. Horse, Weight, Jockey. Bt. « Fin.
b to 6— Gay Boy,- 128 (Fuller) 3 it lh
U to 10 — Cobourg, 133 (Hoar) 2 12 1
B to 1— Risodon. 140 (Gannon)... 4 3 3 6
Time. 1:18 1-5,. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. F. Gebhard' s b. c. by St. Bavlor-Orlle.
Orloff 105, Sparkle Esher 108. also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Bothr Cooper and Corbett Ap
pear at Their Best and
Fight Bitterly.
Colt Purchased for $8000
Earns $11,000 the Fol
lowing Day.
Toman's Error Breaks
Up Sensational Ball
Game.
Raglan Wins Spinaway
Stakes for New
Owner.
VICTORY COMES
IN THIRTEENTH
FRED GEBHARD
PLAYS IN LUCK
AUTOMOBILE CLUB MEMBERS
ARE ON TOUR TO DEL MONTE
Forty Machines, the Majority of Which Carry Four Persons, Leave
This Gity and Stop Over at San Jose for the Night, Where
the Members of the Barty Are Most Hospitably Entertained
GALANTHUS FIRST
AT LIBERAL ODDS
FATHER TALLENT
BEATS GOOD ONES
Annexes the Youngster
Stakes at Harlem
Cleverly.
California Gelding Can
ters In a Winner
Delmar. \
Poor Oard and Heavy Going
Render the Racing t
Featureless.
Bab's WinV^t Odds of 26 to
1 the Sensation of the
Afternoon.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
CHICAGO. Aug. 6.-Father Tallent, «ec
ond choice In the betting at 14 to 5. clev
erly won the Youngster stakes at Harlem
to-day. Elwood was second and Peter
Paul, an added starter and the heavily
played favorite at 8 to 5. was third. The
track was sloppy, the weather threatening
and only the regulars witnessed the rac
ing.
The sensatlpn of the afternoon was the
win of Bab, a cast-off from the Schorr
stable, In the second race at odds or £»
to 1. Summary: \
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs, selling:
Betting. Hors*. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
4 to 1— Falkland, 104 (Helgeson). 7 o 1 nk
8 to 1— Banwell. 103 (Davis) 8 8 2 nk
5 to 2— J.W.ONelll. 104 (H.Phlps) 2 1 3 h
Time. 1:08. Start gocd. Won «*!'>'•
Winner. G. C. Bennett & Co.'s b. c. by Fal
setto-Fright. Charlie Slado 104. Phelan Ol.
Eva Claire 105. Pocasset 101. He°ry Lu «^
oiann Jr. 99, Ralph Young 104. Pcnd 102.
Freckman 105, al^o ran.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs, pwrse.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. .% Fla.,
25 to 1— Bab, 08 (Adklns). ... -••••• ? * 2 h
10 to 1— Mayr Johnsn. 90 (H.Phlps) 4 2 2 h
9 to 2— Emma A M. 98 <" 1 K» on^ T , • "*.
Time 1:22. Start fair. Won eaell>.
Winner. W. Cahill's b. m. »«*M«;W:
nan. Optional 97. Miracle II 9£ Br'^tful Jr.
104, Joe Martin 105, Mocorlto 97. Dunross 90.
Marion Lynch 97. also ran.
THIRD RACE— Five furlongs, youngster
Bating. Horse. Weight. Jockey St. «i Fin.
14 to 5— Fther Tallnt. 113 (DmncW 3 2 12
R to 1— El wood. 110 (J. Woods). . 8 3 2 2»4
8 to 6— Peter Paul. 115 <K n *PP>-l * » V»
Time. 1:C6 3-5. Start good. V,on fjsib.
Winner. Fred Cook's br. c. by Bermuda-Grati
tude. Mayor David S. Rose 105. Blumenthal
110, Lanark 100, Henry Lyons 97. Outwal 10*-,
also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; PJJrs*:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey, at, % Fin.
7 to 6— Jack Ratlin. 112 (Bonner) J JJ
30 to 1— Callant, 104 (Otis) * t 2 2
1 to 1— Brulare. 102 (Helgesen). . . 2 2 3 2^
Time 1:21 2-5. Start good. Wen drlvlne.
Winner. Gorman & Bauer's b. c. by Spend
thrift-Intacta. Otis 102, also ran.
FIFTH RACE— One mile and twenty yards;
sellinc: .. _,
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 2— C B. Campbell. 98 (Wlsn) 14 12
8 to 1— O'Hagen. 102 (H. Phillips) 6 3 2 n
3 to 2— Fonsoluea, 105 (S. Bonner) 2 13 8
Time. 1:51. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner S. C. Hlldreth's ch. g. by Kins Regent-
Gold Bond. Larry Wilt 9S. Lou Woods 101.
Hay. ion 103. Jaubert 101. also ran.
SIXTH RACE— One mile and twenty yards;
selling:
Betting. Hors«. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
3 to 2— Little Elkln. 95 (Wilson). 7 5 1 '•»
8 to 1 — Marcos. 101 (S. Bonner). 8 3 2 «
8 to 1 — Gracious. »» (Williams). . . 2 1 3 nk
Time. 1:52 4-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner J. Arthur's ch. g. by Lamplighter-
Emma Pickwick. Give All 100. Kunja !M.
Goldaga 104, Pat Morrlssey 107. Ed Adack 100.
also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 6.— The rack at Del
mar was very heavy to-day, and horses
that were at riome In the going came In
by themselves. Some of the races were
mere processions, the only close finish be
ing In the third, won by Folies Bergeres.
There were no stake horses among the
day's entries.
Galanthus, one of the long shots of the
afternoon, won in a canter hard held by
his jockey. In thl^race there were heavy
plunges on Miss Con and Varna Fonso.
The former made a miserable showing,
and the best the latter could do was to
run Into third place. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Four and a half furlongs;
selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 2 — Bride. 101 (A. W. Booker) 6 3 17
12 to 1— Allegrette 98 (Hennessy). 2 4 2 8
8 to 1— Soson 90 (Shea) ¦* 6 3 nk
Time, 1 :01. " Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner A. H. Pendleton & Co.'s ch. f. by Service-
Duchess Fourth. Grief 105. Our Llllto 101.
Bessie Kirby 95, Allie C 106. Juvenella 103.
Sextette 104. Canossa 95, Ann Dear 104. also
ran.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs: selling:
Betting. Horse Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Hydrophobia, 119 (Bonner) 4 2 15
7 to 2— Cressida. 110 (Watson) 3 3 2 5
5 to 2— Orion 119 (E. Austin) 113 1
Time 1:22. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner L. C Sloan's ch. g. by Madstone-Duchess.
Prince Herman 112. Carpet Knight 107. D of
R 117 Smart Piet 114. Judge Rankin 114.
Dr. Jones 109. Offset 105, My Pet 117, also
ran.
THIRD RACE— Five furlongs: purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ¦% Fin.
S to 1— Foil's Bergeres, 100 (Bookr) 3 3 1 h
3 to 1— B. Adklns 105 (Sheehan). 2 12 7
5 to 2— M Carpenter. 103 (Smith) 4 4 3 5
Time 1:OSH. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. E. S Gardner's b. f. by Hlmyar-
Frogmore. Tom Klngsley 106. Woods Perry
104, also ran.
FOURTH i:ACE— One mile: selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
6 to 5— W. B. Gates. 107 (Sheehan) .1118
3 to 1— Lindenella. 105 (Booker)... 12 2 8
3 to 1 — Mont. Peeress. OS (Bybee).. 2 3 3 10
Time 1:50. Start rood. Won easily. Win
ner. R.' R. Rice's b. g. by Prince Royal-Pene
lope. The Messenger 107, also ran.
FIFTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to 1— Galanthus. 100 (Bybee)... 3 2 18
5 to 2T-Her.ry of Franstamar, ""~
105 (Louden) 1 4 22
5 to I — Varna Fonso, 85 (Perkins) 4 13 8
Time 1:57>4. Start good. Won in a canter.
Winner. Mrs. J. Coffey's ch. g. by July-
Snow Drop. King's Sister 9O. Class Leader
02, Miss Eon 00. Sir Paul 106. Whiten 83.
also ran.
SIXTH RACE — Six furlongs: selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin
5 to 2 — Joe Goss, 119 (A. Booker) 4 1 1 l'i
H to I — Orleans 117 <Sheehan>... 3 3 2 %
15 to 1— MUs Gould, 110 (Hlgglns) 5 2 3 nk
Time, 1:21. I Start good.. Won handily.
Winner F. F. Lewis' ch h. by Lysander-Van
dalisht. Lynch 114. Custus 112. Northern Spy
122 Kohnwreath 117. Dotty Shute 110. Le
gation 112. Helen Hay 110. also- ran.
HAELEM ENTRIES.
CHICAGO. Aug. 6.— Weather clear; track
heavy. Harlem entries:
First race, six furlongs — Rabunta 11». Iceni
109 Besheka 1O!» Handley Cross ICO. Schwiri
wald 100. Mr. Timberlake 109. Don't Ask Ms
Second race, six and a half furlong*— Falc»
112 Censor ll2. Schwalbe 107. Incubator 105.
McGee 105. Uranium 105, Wainamoinen 107.
Big Ben 102. Spec 102. Anoke 100.
Third race one mile — Aladdin 117. Sidney
C Love 106. Postmaster Wright 101. Sioux
Chief 101. Minnie D 96.
Fourth race, steeplechase, short ccurs?.
handicap— Golden Link 160, Ceylon 153. Paul
aker 138. Mr. Rose 130. Coronatus 132.
Fifth race, live furlongs, two-year-olds — •
Codex 100 Liberty Bell 100. Miss Mollle 100.
Tapiola 100. Malwells 100. Atlantico 10&
Sixth race, one mile and fifty yards, selling
—Serge 107 Egg Nog* 104, Barney Burk 104.
Zepho 101 Kilmorie 101. Mezzo 101, Dr. Worth
\m Mr. "Dingle 99, Mamselle 90. Lord Mel
bourne 99 Floyd K 99, Sprlngstead 99. Flor
ence H 94.
HARLEM SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race— Babunta, Iceni, Mr.
Timberlake.
Second race — McGee, Schwalbe,
Big Ben.
Third race— Sidney C. Love, Post
master Wright, Aladdin.
Fourth race — Golden Link, Paul
aker, Ceylon.
Fifth race — Atlantio, Tapiola,
Codex.
Sixth race — Serge, Mezzo, Mam
selle.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 6.— Weather clear; trade
heavy. Delmar entries: .
First race one mile, selling- — Rochester 101.
llarfrie S 10.1. Baslleus 104.' Meddlesome 106.
Trombo 0.1, Dominis 101, Goo Goo 91. Leila
May 8«. Bendara 09. Schedule 101. Phil Archi
bald 109. Legation 07.
Second race, four and a half furlongs, selling
Glenerher 08. Dusty Miller 107. Foxy Grand
pa !» Sweet Note OS, The Frisco Line 1OS.
Haven Run 107. „. „
Third race, one mile, purse — \arna Fonso
US SIsteT Lillian Si*. Murmur 10-1. Hook S« Oka
103 .Ranchman 103. Blando 100, Judge Can
trili Tfc>. Never Such 105.
Fourth race, six furlongs, handicap — Actine
9O Malster 107, Stand Pat 86. Miss Gollghtly
10.V
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles, purse —
Lasso 98. Pirateer OS. Belvlno 108. Nearest 93,
I Know 103 Lindenella 103. Satin Coat 108.
Sixth race, one mile, selling— Sue's SUter 91.
Emma Meyer 01. Hezira M. Little Lois 104.
Ida Penzance 107, CHir Lady 105. Helen Hay
01, B«n Hempstead 104, Dr. Carrick 109, Extol
97, Baronet 106.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Maggie S, Goo Goo,
Dominis.
Second race— Haven Run, Foxy
Grandpa, Dusty Miller.
Third race — Sister Lillian, Mur
mur, Hook Se Oka.
Fourth race — Stand Pat, Actine,
Miss Golightly.
Fifth race — Pirateer, Lindenella,
Nearest. \
Sixth racer-Ida Penzance, Baronet,
Hegira.
Miss Anthony "Wins- Cup.
CHICAGO, Aug. 6.— Miss Bessie Antho.
ny, Western champion, won the 1903 Glen
view cup to-day from Miss "Johnnie" Car
penter of Westward Ho by two up In one
of the closest played matches ever wit
nessed on the Glenvlew links. Miss An
thony was completely outplayed the first
half of the journey and was two down at
the turn, with a medal score of 43 to her
opponent's 46. In the second half, how
ever. Miss Anthony played with great ac
curacy and the match was practically
won by»her nerve.
GRAND CIBCUIT WINNERS.
Two-Four Class Pace Is Captured by
Harold H.
BUFFALO, Aug. 6.— Grand circuit sum
mary:
First race, 2:10 class, pace, purse $1000 —
Nonaznle won third and fourth heats in 2:1-'.
2:lii. Blrdlna. won the aecond heat in 2:13 l j.
Five Points won the first heat in 2:12, but
waa distanced In th# third. Donaa McGregor
and Carthage Olrl also started.
Second race 2:25 class, trot, best three In
five Electric City stakes, purse S3O0O— Jay
McGregor won three straight heats in 2:1—
2:13%. 2:14fi. Klnney Lou, MoAdam Jr..
Prince Caton, Cole Direct, Katrlnka O and
Bonnie Blrchwood also started. ,.~w»
Third race. 2:04 class, pace, purse. J100O—
Harold H won the second and third heats In
2:08. 2:08H- Fanny Dtllard won the first
heat In 2:10^. Captain Sphinx and Dan V.
also started. ¦•¦, '¦•--¦¦¦ '¦'••' mnMnL
Fourth race 2:14 class, pace, purse $200i>.
Empire State stake— Star Hal won two stralcht
heats tn 2:12>4. 2:lOVi. Laura Spurr. Page
Hal Don Cozine and Harry D also started.
Railway Mail Clerk Wanted.
A United States Civil Service examina
tion Is announced for October 15 In this
city for the> position of railway mall
clerk; age limit, 13 to 33 years. Apply to
the commission at Washington. D. C. or
to the secretary of the Consolidated
Board of Examiners. 301 Jackson strea*,
for application foraa No. 304.
Tennis in the South.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 6.— Results of to
day's tennis play: Mixed doubles— A. C.
Way and May Sutton beat J. Donnell and
Mrs. Seymour, 6-2, 6-2; R. Variel and Mra
Hendricks beat A. AInsworth and Miss
Shoemaker, 6-2, 2-6, 8-6.
Men's doubles— A. C. Way and A. Bell
beat AInsworth and H. Gorham, 6-1, 6-2-
F. Hart and J. R. Britton beat Wallace
and Brown. 9-7, 6-4.
RACING, BOXING. BASEBALL, COURSING AND AUTOMOBILING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 7, 1903,
Polnts.far money makers in the. Wasp. Pajn
to read them. ¦ " • -
PEKING, Aug. 6.— Edward T. Williams,
the Chinese secretary | of the United
States legation, has made an extensive
Investigation Into the execution of Shen
Chien, the reformist journalist, who was
put to death by order of the Empress
Dowager July 31, and has handed Minis
ter Conger a report proving that the ex
ecationers, i after beating Chlen for three
or four hours; despaired of being able to
fulfill the Dowager Empress' orders and,
yielding , to ; Chlen's . pleadings : to : end his
misery, strangled him with their handj,
REFORMER, IS STRANGLED
WHEN BEATING FAILS
.Mover, ridden by Hildebrand, struck the
rail In the fourth race, broke bis neck and
pitched his rider thirty feet across •the
track. Hildebrarid was. uninjured.
Mover Meets Fatal Accident — Jockey
Is Uninjured.
SEATTLE, Aug. 6.— Following Is a sum
mary of to-day's races at The Meadows:
Six furlongs — John Boggs won, HIrtle second,
Thlsbe third. Time. 1:15. . ¦ .
¦ Five furlongs — Little Margaret won, Adnor
second. Bee Rosewater third. Time, 1:01.
Seven furlongs — Judge Voorhies won, Iras
second/ Young Marlow. third. Time, 1:28.- ¦
t Six s.nd a half furlongs — Sallte Goodwin won.
Miss -Vera. second. Assessment third. Time,
1:22.
HORSE BREAKS NECK.
HARBIN SPRINGS, Aug. 6.— It will be
quite a feather In James J. Corbett's cap
if on the evening of the 14th inst. he can
score a knockdown on Jim JeffrieB, even
though defeat should ultimately be his
portion.
The giant boilermaker, whose massive
frame seems welded together with rivets
of steel, has never measured his length
on the padded floor, and only cracks a
emlle when it is intimated Corbett may
accomplish the trick. "Jeff" went down
the line again on Wednesday, his fore
noon work consisting of the usual gym
nasium exercises, then four rounds with
Bcb Fitzslmmons and three each with
Jack Jeffries and Joe Kennedy. Just after
luncheon he shot a turkey for a private
repast and filled in the afternoon with
playing whist. After the dinner hour the
big fellow captained a nine that defeated
a team with Joe (Kid) Egan as captain
by a score of 14 to 9. In comparison with
the slashing four rounds of last Monday
to-day's bout was only a puff of wind
alongside a Kansas cyclone. Early in
the - game Fit* j placed a picket fence
around his bread basket and didn't try to
test the force of any more blows with his
face than was necessary. During all his
training Jeff has claimed that he Is sail
ing along under closely reefed sails. That
being the situation, Corbett is apt to en
counter come squally weather. Jeffries
to-day did not spar with the same snap
and ginger as In Monday's work either,
but can be explained - from the fact ' that
Fltzsimmons was not inclined to hit it up.
At that, the pace cut out was- not mild
by any means. At the conclusion of the
ten rounds the champion was fresh as a
Powell street car conductor.
Unless all signs fall, Jeffries will not
leave here for Oakland until Wednesday
next, the day before the date set for the
big fight. This conclusion was arrived at
yesterday. The champion's last rough
work-out will take place on Saturday,
after which only light work necessary to
keep him nimble and active will be in
dulged In. Bob Fltzsimmons and wife
will leave here on Saturday evening. for
the city. Secretary Kid Egan will follow
the next day.
Dr. Clarence F. Tinman, the official
physician of the Yosemlte Club> gave the
champion a thorough examination and
was amazed at his muscular develop
ment. The physician pronounced all. of
Jeffries* organs normal and In • perfect
condition, and pronounces him .one of the
grandest specimens of manhood '¦ alhre,
with fountains of vitality apparently ex
haustless.
While many think Jim Jeffries a dia
mond'in the rough,. a warm heart beats
under the hardy exterior, and ' he is : con
tinually endeavoring to alleviate the con
dition of the'distressed or afflicted. To
morrow night an entertainment will be
The guests of Sir Thomas Llpton on the
Erin to-day were Lieutenant General and
Mrs. Miles, Colgate Hoy t and officials of
the New York City police and health de
partments.
ATLANTIC HIGHLANDS, N. J.. Aug.
«•— Twenty-one and a half minutes In a
twenty-mile race, which occupied a little
more than three hours in the sea, was the
beating administered to Shamrock I by
Sir Thomas Lipton's new cup candidate
to-day. No shift of wind nor calm helped
or hindered either boat. The challenger's
victory was without a flaw.
An overcast sky, with threat of rain. In
duced Fife to limit the course to twenty
miles, a beat of ten miles south-southeast
from Scotland lightship and return. To
avoid another blanketing by the chal
lenger Shamrock I feigned a start. Run
ning from 'windward to the starting line,
she shaped' a course alongside of the new
boat as the latter crossed the line. A min
ute later she put about, returning to the
line, and made a new start. The starting
time of two minutes had elapsed before
she got away, and she was handicapped
eight seconds. ; Shamrock HI led by one
minute and forty-two seconds when they
started the beat out to the mark. The
boats went off on different tacks, but
Shamrock III soon tacKett and both head
ed eastward. The challenger quickly
demonstrated that it was the kind of
weather in which she was at her best.
The old boat hardly gave her a race.
At 12:05. when they made' the first tack
together. Shamrock III had won the race.
After that the only question was as to
the number of minutes. At 12:35 the chal
lenger crossed the bow of the old-timer
half a mile to the windward of her, and
after short tacks turned the mark half an
hour later, with a lead of nineteen min
utes and forty-five seconds. On the way
back both yachts carried spinnakers part
way: when the wind, was hauling they
smothered them and ran under balloon Jib
topsails. Shamrock III gained steadily,
adding four minutes and twenty seconds
to her advantage, and when she finished
the old boat was more than two miles
away.
Does Not Hit Up the
Pace With Jeffries
as on Monday.
Challenger Gains Vic
tory That Is With
out a Flaw.
OLD SHAMROCK
IS OUTCLASSED
given at the music hall for the benefit of
George Nutter, an old pioneer of this sec
tion of the country and an employe at the
springs. Nearly a year ago Nutter had
the misfortune to break one of his ankles,
and is in need of medical attention. Jef
fries has always been averse to permit
ting strangers in or about his training
quarters. As many were anxious to see
him spar he conceived the idea of the
benefit. Besides the champion's regular
routine work with his sparring partners,
Mrs. Fitzslmmons and the pick of the tal
ent here at the springs will contribute.
Bob Fltzsimmons, another willing work
er In a just cause, journeyed down to
Mlddletown this^ afternoon and in the
twinkling of an eye hammered out a large
horseshoe, which was glided and is on ex
hibition in the hotel office. This will be
sold to the highest bidder, the sum real
ized going to swell the benefit fund.
Billy Delaney, manager and trainer of
Jeffries, received a letter from the East
to-day in which the' writer states that
Gus Ruhlln Is anxious to meet Fltzsim
mons. With "Philadelphia Jack" O'Brien,
Tommy Ryan and now Ruhlln camping on
his trail Fitz Is apt to be a busy man
this coming fall and winter season.
F. E. HULHOLLAND.
Thirty of the chauffeurs are from San
Francisco, two from Stockton, one from
Sacramento and seven from Oakland and
Alameda. Each auto carriage carries
about four persons, so the party is fully
150 strong. This evening was spent In
visiting points of Interest about the city
and at the hotel, where an informal.re
ception was tendered the visitors by the
members of the San Jose Club. They will
leave here to-morrow at 9 a. m. for Del
Monte. Five machines from this city, un
der command of Captain E. T. Sterling,
will accompany^, them. It has not been
determined whether they will go by way
of San Juan Hill 4r via Watsonville. It is
expected the latter rpute will be selected.
The club members will remain at Del
Monte till Wednesday next, the time be
ing occupied with tours and racing.
Most of the machines left San Fran
cisco on the 3 o'clock boat and were
Joined by the Oakland contingent The
run is in charge of Captain E» Courtney
Ford.
are used by the members, who ar
rived here early this evening. The chauf
feurs are making the Hotel Vendome
their headquarters and the hostelry is
handsomely decorated with Chinese lan
terns in honor of the event.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 6.— The Automobile
Club of California, en route from
San Francisco to Del Monte, spent
the night here. Forty machines
"FITZ" CAUTIOUS
IN BOXING BOUT
8
ADVEHTISEM2NTS. / r^"-Victor in Mississippi Combat Barely
Escapes Lynching* by
« a Mob.
ASPIRANTS FOR OFFICE
'-3 FIGHT PISTOL DUEL
BERKELET, Aug. (.— Professor John C.
JlprrJam of the geological department of
<he State University returned this morn
ing from & month's trip among the Shasta
County caves. During the greater part of
the time Professor Merriam was with
Field Assistant Eustice C. Furlong ex
p'.orlng and excavating among a half
dozen new caves which Furlong had dis
covered. Two of these proved very rich
in palaentolog-ical remains, yielding up
the bones of animals now extinct and of
s species hitherto unknown to scientists.
Pome evidences tending to Ehow human
habitation of thrne caves were found, but
until a more thorough investigation has
rx-^n made it will be impossible to decide
definitely upon this point. Broken, round
rd and splintered bones were found.
Whether these represent the attempt of
an aboriginal people to provide themselves
with Implements or are simply manifesta
tions of animal life is a matter of ques-
Tion. The bones will be shipped to Berke-
>y during the coming week and further
light will be thrown upon the matter
there.
Aming the remains of animals fouqd in
these two caves were those of the bison,
the mountain lion, the cave bear and the
pround tloth. In the opinion of Professor
Marian these represent a period later
than the animals of the Potter Creek
cave. One evidence of this is the fact
That the caves are much nearer to the
Kodoad River than was the Potter Creek
care. "The relative age of the fauna, says
rrof^sor Merriam, is proportional to the
Besnten of the strata in which the re
mains are found to the river.
In on* of these caves an old tradition
!¦--. <\ it that a woman wandering about
rtumbled into a well, the bottom of
»h!ch °rould never be reached. Professor
M'rriam and Mr. Furlong discovered in
"r.e of them a 6haft leading down about
100 ft-et. At the bottom they found the
Fkeleton of a woman, fairly well pre
served, whom they judged to have fallen
or t.een thrown into the well about 100
years ago.
The Pottpr Crwk cave is now nearly"«x
hausted. Field Assistant Sinclair Is ex
torted to complete the work in the late
fall.
The cave bear, a species first discovered
la the Potter Creek cave, has been named
Lbe Eustiee Furlong bear in honor of the
young explorer who first discovered the
rave.
BUELINGAME POLOISTS
DEFEAT SOUTHERN MEN
Score Seven Goals to One Against
Santa Barbara in Match
at Del Monte.
DEL MONTE. Aug. 6.— Fully 1000 spec
tators witnessed the match game of polo
between players of Burllngame and of
Santa Barbara for the Del Monte cup
this afternoon. It resulted In victory for
the northern team by a score of 7 to 1.
Four periods of ten minutes each were
played. The Burllngeme players did most
of their scoring in the first two. They
rolled up three goals In the first period
and three in the second.
In the third period Santa Barbara scored
one and in the fourth and last Burlingame
scored one more. Fast, snappy polo was
played throughout by both sides, the
Burllngame men's superiority in ponies
being most pronounced in the first two
periods. In the last two, when the Santa
Barbara players rode their best ponies,
the game was at its best, each side being
able to make but one goal. The teams
were made up as follows: Burlingame—
Jvo. 1 F. J. Carolan; No. 2, J. S. Tobln;
No! 3*. Thomas A. Drlscoll; No. 4, J. O.
Tobln. Santa Barbara— No. 1. J. C. Colby:
No. 2. E. A. Boescke; No. 3. R. C. Rogers;
¦So. 4, E. J. Boescke. Joe Tobin 8nd Tom
DriscolI put up the best game for Bur
lingame. -Tobln. who has not played for
Eome time, showed remarkable form.
Drlscoll. who is the best polo player in
California, displayed great Judgment and
accuracy in scoring goals. Colby of Santa
Barbara made several brilliant strokes.
On Saturday another match will be
played by picked teams, made up of the
best players here, and a lively game is
anticipated.
Major Taylor Wins at Paris.
PARIS. Aug. 6. — Major Taylor, the
American ne^ro. last night won the in-
' f r^ational <riterum cycle race after a
tr.e struggle.
Referee George Siler Arrives.
Settge Slier of Chicago, the noted ref
'ree and sporting writer, arrived here last
r-!ght. accompanied by his wife. He comes
• report the championship fight for a
'-'hk-ag-o paper. ¦ .
ERADBUBY SUES FLOBISTON
PULP AND PAPER COMPANY
Alleges Its President and Secretary
Conspired to Cause His Disinis-
sal as Superintendent.
VI". K. Bradbury filed a suit for an ac
counting and for $2828 against the Floris
ton Pulp and Paper Company yesterday.
In February of last year he was engaged
iy the company as general superintendent
of its Nevada County plant at a salary of
ii'JiQ a year and one per cent of the com
pany's net profits. He was discharged In
March of that year, and the suit is based
en his claim that his dismissal was the
result of a conspiracy entered Into by SIg
Hosenbaum and Ludwig Schwabacher, re
spectively president and secretary of the
< oncern. •
Bradbury alleges that he has never been
raid any percentage of th/s profits of the'
' -ompany. as per agreement, and has been
Bested the right to scrutinize the books.
He asks that a receiver be appointed, and
:. l at in addition to awarding him Judg
ment for the amount he sues for the
rourt determine what part of the profits
b* is entitled to.
Corbett's Fast Work-
Jim Corbett devoted his attention to
evading Sam Berger for twenty minutes
yesterday without a breathing epell. Ber
ger tried to corner the elusive James, all
to xio purpose. Jim was light and active
on fiin feet and backed out of harm's way
In a surprising manner.
A number of visitors went to Alameda
yesterday expecting to see Tommy Ryan
put on the gloves wlOi Jim. Tommy has
found the California climate so beneficial
to him that he has decided to settle down
here. He went to Vacaville yesterday to
purchase a ranch, Roy Bennett showing
him about the country. Ryan is credited
with having saved some $00,000 of his ring
earnings. On this he can afford to be a
gentleman farmer and raise his own
pumpkins.
LIQUOR MEN TO GIVE
A BIG ENTERTAINMENT
Annual Christmas Fund to Be En
larged and Proceeds to Go
to Charity.
The California Liquor Dealers' Asso
ciation purposes giving a big theatrical
entertainment for the benefit of local
charities some time in November. The
proceeds will be turned over to tue
treasurer and a committee of prominent
citizens, who will apportion the money
among orphan asylums and hospitals.
This is done to stop the giving away o f
gifts during the Christmas season. Last
year the members subscribed $2000, which
was apportioned among charitable insti
tutions.
At a meeting of the association yester
day a committee composed of P. Wine
ger, A. G. Hagedorn, D. B. Faktor, T.
Lunstedt, William Clack, Thomas H. Lln
sey. B. L. Wagner, H. M. Meyer an.l R.
H. Stafford was appointed to arrange for
the entertainment.
Twenty-six candidates were initiated
yesterday. The organization Is a very
powerful one and is composed of retail
liquor dealers, who are banded together
for mutual protection.
The report of the executive committee
in reference to the agreement submitted
by the Bartenders' International League
was adopted and will be sent back to the
league for its approval. The association
agrees to recognize the Bartenders' In
ternational League. It further agrees to
give bartenders half a day off a week or
two days a month. Ten hours must con
stitute a. day's work and six and a half
days constitute a week.\ All differences
must be submitted to a committee com
posed of. two members from each organi
zation for arbitration.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Aug. 6.— The following mar
riage licenses were issued to-day: Edward
Vollnier, 26 years old, and Mabel L. Hamp
ton. 23, both of Berkeley; Richard \V.
Bender. 24, and Edith M. Hampton. 24.
both of Berkeley; William Turner, 37, and
Laura Woolf. 37, both of Alameda; Henry
M. Burnet, 49, and Erne E. Spooner, 29,
both of San Francisco; Frank A.' Bush. 26,
and Laura M. White, 23. both of Oakland ;
«nd Laura M. White. 23. both of Oakland.
Umpire CarTUthers at Tacoma.
TACOMA, Aug. j 6.— Bobby Carruthers,
a well known big league, umpire, who was
with Ban Johnson until a few weexs'ago,
arrived here to-day and will replace Ma
baffev on President Luca's staff.
The Rev. Father Rogers, who for the
last twelve years has been pastor of the
parish of Tomales, resigned his position
recently and at his own request was
transferred to this city. At present he is
temporarily assigned for duty by Arch
bishop Rlordan as assistant pastor to the
Rev. Father Nugent at St. Rose's parish.
Father Rogers has distinguished him
self by his energetic efforts while as
signed to parishes outside the city.
Through his individual efforts he caused
churches to be erected at Sebastopol.
Marshall, Occidental and Tomales. The
edifice at the latter place is built of
stone and was erected at great expense.
The Rev. Father Joseph Gleason,has
been assigned to succeed Father RogerSj
at Tomales. He has been stationed for
several months as assistant pastor to
the Rev. Father King at Oakland. Father
Gleason is a native of this city and served
with distinction as army chaplain both in
the Philippine and Chinese wars. At the
close of hla army experiences he traveled
for two years in Asia and Europe.
Is Temporarily Assigned as Assist
ant to Father Nugent in St.
Rose's Church.
FATHER ROGERS RESIGNS
AS PASTOR AT TOMALES
Pr&fessor at University
Back From Shasta
\ County Trip.
The first cablegram came to Attorney
W. S. Goodfellow of San Francisco, who
holds power of attorney for Lloyd, and
who Is his personal representative Noth
ing is said as to whether the body will be
brought back, but It is expected to come
by the Korea, now due to sail from China
SAX BERNARDINO. Aug. 6.— A cable
gram was received here to-day announc
ing the sudden death at Yokohama, Ja
pan, of Charles R. Lloyd, the Berkeley
capitalist who was shot In this city by
his nephew, William Boxail, on January
31 last. Lloyd wds a passenger from San
Francisco on the steamer Korea, which
sailed the latter part of June. .He Intend
ed to make the round trip with Captain
Seabury, a personal friend, and was ac
companied by Mrs. Lloyd. The trip was
taken at the direction of his physicians,
who hoped ti.at the voyage might help
his weak ! heart, which never recovered
from the effects of the shooting.
The causes behind the attempt to mur
der Lloyd have never been made public^
but personal and family matters entered
into the complications, in which his son,
Fred Lloyd, his nephew, William Boxail,
and nieces were all participants. On one
side there was the charge of conspiracy
to blackmail the capitalist, while on the
other the claim that he had mistreated
his niece, sister of the nephew who did
the shooting. The niece subsequently
swore to a complaint making charges
against Lloyd, and though the warrant
was never served personally, friends at
once appeared and offered bail In $10,000,
which was accepted.
The day of the shooting. William Box
all went to Lloyd's residence In this city
and after a conference between the two,
which was also attended by Miss Wilk
inson, Lloyd's housekeeper, Lloyd started
to leave the house. Boxail followed him
into the. street and fired three shots, all
of which took effect. One grazed the
backbone, and at first it was thought he
could not recover. After life hanging in
the balance for weeks, he Improved
enough to be taken to his Berkeley home,
but could not appear at the preliminary
examination of Boxail. which has not yet
been held. Fred Lloyd, the son, who was
arrested for alleged complicity in the
case, has never been examined in court.
He and William Boxail are supposed to
be at Santa Monica at present. Boxail is
out on 110,000 ball, charged with assault to
commit murder. It Is stated here that a.
new complaint will be Issued at once,
charging murder.
Besides a widow and the son, Fred
Lloyd, he left another son who Is -a-Lleu
tenant in the army, stationed at a post
in the East. Local representatives of
Lloyd know of property that will foot up
about $700,000, and they believe the estate
will go close to a million.
• Debray is 19 years of age. He was em
ployed through an agency In San J Fran
cisco three months ago. The prisoner
talked- volubly -about everything but the
crime of, which. he is accused.
Mintzer. «aid: "As a result of the ex
posure to our absolute satisfaction of De
bray's .guilt I 'am thoroughly convinced
Debray told his Wednesday
that he would like to go to San Fran
cisco the t following day. on business. ¦„ Only
too willing to accommodate. the suspected
servant,/ Mlntzer had him . driven yester
day morninsr; to San Pablo. There Con
stable Bouquet and Sheriff Veale awaited
Debray -and i took him Into custody. He
was sent to Martinez.
It w»s a lonely vigil in the dark and
foggy night. There was nothing stirring
until three hours later, when the watch
man espied the shadowy form of a man
flitting through the fog. But the In
truder did not go near the hidden bag. so
nothing could be done that night.
The next day Mintzer took Constable
Bouquet into conference. They devised a
second plan. A letter was written .to
Debray and mailed In San Francisco, of
fering him a position at wages $10 a
month more than he was being paid by
Mlntzer. In due time the butler. replied
In a note, written in French, and saying
he would call and probably accept the
supposed new olace.
That letter, of course, fell Into the
hands' of , the* officers. Comparisons • of
handwriting were made with the extort
ing " letter > Mlntzer found. It was settled
that the butler ,was the ; author of both
of them.! '"¦" , ; V . ' • : ..
NO SEARCHER COMES.
Following the directions in the letter,
Mlntzer prepared apparently to comply
with the demand for coin and at the same
time entrap the blackmailer. He filled a bag
with small stones, that it should simulate
a sack of coin, and himself placed it at
the appointed spot in -the garden ,on
Tuesday evening following the receipt of
the note, per instructions. That night at
11 o'clock he fired the shot and the guard
Mintzer had on duty near the cache
waited for developments.
On the same sheet was a rough diagram
showing in which corner of the garden
the money should be secreted that was to
save the lives of the Mintzer family.
After reading the portentous message
Mlntzer lost no time In forming a plan
of action. He decided that he had to
deal with either a crazy man or a des
perate enemy.
The message, a blood-curdling one,
breathing death and disaster, explained
the caiise of the shot. The writer said he
had fired to attract Mintzer's attention:
that to save his family Mlntzer must sur
render toOOO. The threatening screed was
Illy composed, showing the writer to have
been a foreigner and little acquainted
with English. It runs as follows:
Sir: Excuse my language if you please, be
cayie 1 am not American. I cm Italian and
no speak English too' much. I no want to
kill you to-night. I want i prove - 1 can kill
you. I am paid for kill all your family, but
if you want give me $3000 I no kill you and
I tell- the name of your enemy. If you ac
cept give mti signal. Fire a gun at 11-o'clocit
to-morrow evening and put your money in
the corner of the fence of your garden. If
you no want paid me I kill your children,
your wife and yourself. Suppose I am appre
hend by you or a policeman, my friend avenge
me after and I no tell his name.
DEMANDS LARGE SUM.
RICHMOND. Aug. 6. — Pierre De
bray, a young .Frenchman, employed as
a butler at the pala'tial country home,
thre% miles from Richmond, of "Wil
liam Mlntzer, manager of the large
Tewksbury estate, is in custody at Mar
tinez on a charge of having tried to ex
tort $5000 from his employer under a
threat to kill him, his wife and children.
The prisoner is also suspected of hav
ing set fire to the'. Mlntzer residence on
May IS, within two weeks after he had
gone there and accepted the position he
occupied ; when k he was taken into cus
tody. | j .
Debray was arrested yesterday morning
at San Pablo by Sheriff Veale of Contra
Costa County and Constable John
Bouquet after a trap had been set for the
young butler, who, it was believed, was
the author of, a threatening letter that
Mlntzer received under dramatic circum
stances a week ago Monday night at his
home.
The Mintzer residence is in the foot
hills three' miles east of Richmond.
The attention of the head of the house
hold was attracted Monday evening late
by the sound of a pistol shot In the gar
den In front of his bedroom window.
Hastily rising, Mintzer rushed to the yard,
but could not detect any one's presence.
While looking about the aroused man no
ticed an envelope on the front porch. lie
picked up the object and discovered that
It contained a . letter addressed to him
self.
Capitalist Fails to Rally
From Effects of
Shooting.
Employer Accuses Him
.With At'temping ' .
Blackmail.
nual Session.
The sixteenth Grand Council of the
Catholic Ladies' Aid Society will open
with mass in St. MAry's ¦ Cathedral on
Tuesday. August 11, at 8:30 a. rn. The ses
sion will convene In Loyola Hall. Tenth
and Market streets, at 1:30 p. m. Follow
ing are the grand officers and delegates
of the society:
Past grand president. Mrm. M. Deane: grand
president. Miss M. Carr; grand secretary and
treasurer. Miss M. Conlin; grand senior vica
president. Miss M. Fitzgerald; grand junior
vice president, Mrs. E. J. Thomas; grand di
rectors. Miss M. Carr. Miss E. McLaren. Miss
A. Dwyer, Mrs. M. Ilalton, Mm T. Peckham.
Mrs. P. J. Moor*. Mlsn F. Graves. Mrs. H. J.
Gallagher, Mrs. W. Toner. Mrs. P. Scnmltt ana
Mrs. O. S. Carvill.
The delegates are:
Oakland No. J— Mrs. T. Hogan. Mlsa K. Ma.
har, Mrs. J. Jordan, Mrs. J. Feneran.
San Francisco No. 2 — Mrs. J. McAIeer. Mrs.
J. Reidy. Mist A. Terry. Miss A. Reidy.
Alameda No. 3^ — Mr». V. O. de Lonne. Mrs.
C. Clifford. Mtas R. Scholten. Miss R. Gal
lagher.
Gilroy No. 6— Mrs. A. B. Ward. Mils H.
Qutlty. Miss E. Miller. Miss M. Fitzgerald.
Stockton No. 7 — Mrs. M. Sellman. Mrs. M.
Collins. Mrs. M. Brlsco. Mrs. A. Douglas.
San Francisco No. 8 — Misa J. 311tch«ll, Mrs.
M. Dunn. Mlsa Gallagher, Misa F. Auld.
Berkeley No. S> — Miss K. Byrne, Mlis A.
Freetes. Mrs. J. Gunther. Miss M. Gallagher.
San Francisco No. 10 — Mrs. K. Shaughnessy.
Mrs. C. Clark, Mrs. J. Maglnacs, Mrs. M. Gal.
lagher.
San Francisco No. 11 — Mrs. A. Collins, Mrs.
E. (yNeil. Mrs. J. McGlnney. Miss M. McBrlde.
Santa Crux No. 13 — Mrs. C. Mag;s. Mrs. J.
D. Talt. Mrs. F. Hanson. Mrs. L. J. Morgan.
San Francisco No. 18 — Mrs. C. Hagan. Miss
A. McDonough. Miss R. Short. Miss K.
O'Brien.
San Francisco No. 19 — Mrs. J. Adams, Jlios
M. Murphy, Miss K. Langdon, Miss S. Firz
pa trick.
San Francisco No. 20— Mrs. P. S. Fay. Mrs.
D. Ilalpin. Mrs. S. Galvln. Dr. E Lynch.
Hollist-r No. 21— Mrs. M. T. Cooling. Mrs.
M. J. Breen. Mrs. L. Dice. Miss M. Lynn.
Santa Rosa No. 22 — Mrs. C. D. Roberts. Mrs.
A. Sargent. Miss H. Fltts, Miss E. McOowan.
Petaluma Noi. 23 — Mrs. II. Purlin, Mrs. M.
Connolly.
San Rafael No. 24— Mrs. M. Spcluaan. Miss
M. Kaneen. Mrs. J. Mahon, Miss M. Boyd.
San Francisco Ho. 25— Mrs. K. GaJnes, Mrs.
M. Smith, Mrs. Hemmenway. Miss M Jones.
Oakland No. 27— Miss M. Short, Mrs B.
Stetson. Mrs. R. Flttori. Mrs. T. Whelan.
Delegates From All Parts of the State
to Attend Sixteenth An-
CATHOLIC LADIES WILL -
. CONVENE IN THIS CITY
One hundred and fourteen greyhounds,
divided between two stakes, will he in the
running to-morrow and Sunday at Ingle
f-ide Coursing Park. Twelve of these are
veterans of the field, while the remainder
Include Palo Alto and others in training.
The draw resulted as follows:
Open Ftake. K>2 entries — Pacing Billy %-s.
Prairie Maid; Prompto vs. Bright Fortune;
<io On vs. Yukon; Snapper Garrison vs. Med
l«>y; Little Mercy vs. White Buck; Haddlngton
vf. Thetis; Pofala vf. Fp*clal; Kiting Pride
vs. Lady Anselmo; Lord <Joff vs. Golden Rule;
Miss Wilson vs. Remlsso Animo: Jack Short
vs. £er>a; Bocco Girl vs. I'na: White aiystery
'"s. Krishna.; Star Sylvanus vs. Little Lucy;
Oold- tOjr vs. Idaho Boy: Master Rocket vs.
Yellowtall: Reta S vs. Mot* : Young Fearless
v*. General Dewet; Flora Belie vs. Homer Boy;
Bonnie Hughle vs. Lily Wright; PaJo Alto vs.
Renegade Apache; Golden Links vt,. Predta
Maid: KIttleman vm. Virginia Boy; May Hemp
stead vs. Flora Bird; Royal Friend vs. Clobe
fell: 'Wedgewood vg. Harlean Gladys; Lady
Meiilo vs. Belura; Tom Hurlick v&. Thelma;
Mary Ann vs. Little Plunger: Fair Play vs.
Otto; White Hat vs. Toronto: Master Clair vs.
Africander: Yanke* Boy vs. Mollie Mac: Terah
vs. Doreen; Rlenzl vs. F>rnbrook; Articulate
vs. Black Rex; Green Girl vs. Evil Eye:
Frisky Barbara vs. Piker; Vina ve. Topsy
Turvey: Rock and Rye vs. Whisky Hill: To
basco Bob vs. Gotten Garter; Siren vs. Ouida;
Cascade vs. May Connolly: Miss Brummel vs.
Firm Fellow; Hllevfnamon vs. Flower of Gold;
Ar?le W vs. Meddlesome; Idle Fellow vs.
Ruby Sankey; Red Brick vs. May Flush; Cres
wick vs. Ben Porter; East'.ake ve. McHenry;
Manni vs. Gramercy.
Veteran etake, twelve entries — Warburton
vs. Miss Griirle; Martha Washington vs. Jen
nie Wilson; R/iyal Flush vs. Magnet: Young
America vs. Motto; Fedora, vs. Hadlwist;
Statesman vs. Babe Murphy.
It was announced that members of the
club would have the preference in enter
ing dogs at Ingleside Park. When the
money in the treasury warrants it club
stakes will be run.
A permanent organization was effected
last night of the San Francisco Coursing
Club at a meeting in Pythian Castle. The
club has eighty-five members enrolled.
The officers elected were: President,
James Hurley; vice president. H. I*. Me
harry: secretary, J. F. Dunn; treasurer,
J. O'Shea; sergeant at arms, E. Preston;
executive committee— T. J. McHugh,
George Sharman, J. Kelly, J. F. Dunn
and J. O'Dowd.
A committee on constitution and by
laws was appointed, made up of T. J. Mc-
Hugh, Richard Julian. James Sullivan, J.
O'Shea and J. F. Murray.
ter Roll — Two Stakes Are Drawn
for Ingleside Park.
GREYHOUND OWNERS
ORGANIZE A NEW CLUB
Eighty-Five Members Sign the Char-
SERVANT TAKEN
INTO CUSTODY
O. Nagaga, a Japanese laborer em
ployed by the Santa Fe Railroad Com
pany, received injuries yesterday morn
ing near Mulr, Contra Costa County, that
caused his death in the German Hospital
In this city a few hours later. He was
run into by a locomotive while riding on
a handcar.
Japanese Laborer Killed.
"This collision caused a feeling of pain
and. indignation- over the ruthless meth
ods of Russia's strong man. Von Phelve,
to whose above mentioned instructions it
was due." ; f : ..'2/y^
The Times this morning prints a dis
patch from Kleff, Russia, dated August
1. which says that General Arzenieff. Gov
ernor of the district of Odessa, and the
Mayor of Odessa, together with a com
mittee of influential citizens, have in
duced the tramway strikers to resume,
on the distinct understanding that their
grievances will be considered and conces
sions granted. General Arzenieff received
instructions July 30 from St. Petersburg
enjoining -him to refrain from active In
terference with the men provided they
maintained order and obeyed the police.
In the event the mob became recalcitrant
he was directed to have the troops fire
blank cartridges, and then, if necessary,
three rounds of bullet cartridges.
The correspondent gives details of the
riots similar to those contained in the
accounts of the Daily Mall's correspond
ent. He says the strikers made no seri
ous attempt to resist the police, and that
General Arzenleff's actions are freely
condemned as unwarrantedly precipitate.
He says:
There have been a few fatalities, but
no serious disorders. It is stated that
while the strikers were trying to prevent
a train starting Saturday night four of
the strike leaders were run over and
killed. .
The strikers did not get all they de
manded, but In most cases were met with
fair spirited compromises on the part of
the employers. According to the corre
spondent, the local Odessa papers on the
day the dispatch was sent announced
that the Governor had issued a statement
to the effect that he had summarily con
victed seventy-one persons and had sen
tenced them to three months' imprison
ment for disturbing the public order. The
names given include many Jews and a few
foreigners.
The strike ended just in time to avert
serious food riots, as the high price of
provisions led to ominous popular threats
to storm the bakeries and flour mills.
The Standard's Odessa correspondent,
under date of. August 2, says that all the
trades have now resumed work and that
the strike is practically ended, but that
the city will remain under martial law
for at least another ten days.
FOOD RIOTS AVERTED.
The. epidemic of Incendlarlirn is spreading
through KumU. Scarcely a day passes with
out news of conflaeratlons. At Itaku alon«
the. destruction has been colossal. ¦ Tens of
millions of _ gallons of naphtha' have been
burned.' In "twenty-four of the largest towns
th« damage due to fire the past month Is e*U
mated-at WS.OOft.OtiO. The object of the bulk
or ; thcT?flre« f» to K«t insurance «raon*y. Many;
of the incendiaries are Jew* and the Inmi
rance companies in some cases "have raised
premiums W» per cent. Public opinion In
Odessa Is entirely on the eld* of the striking
sailors and stokers. A wealthy company
which hac to^tn employing men for years has
paid sailors at the rate of only 25 shillings a
month.
KIEFF. Russia, Aug. 6.-The strike in
the railway and private workshops con
tinues. An attempt by the strikers to in
terfere with railroad traffic led to a se
rious riot. The strikers refusing to dis
perse, they were fired upon by Cossacks,
who subsequently charged, killing and
wounding many.
At Batoum all the strikers have re
sumed work and the town is tranquil.
LONDON. Aug. ".—The Daily Mall's
Nikaeloeff correspondent, under ' date of
August 2, fully confirms the Times cor
respondent's accounts of strikes in South
Russia! , The correspondent says that
a quarter of a million men are affected
and that simultaneously strikes occurred
over a vast Industrial area. He says that
the amount of studied 'organization and
well concealed preparation were unpre
cedented in the troubled annals of Rus
sian labor. Prices of the necessaries of
life are rising by leaps and bounds.
. The strikers, on the whole, have pre
served exemplary order, but this has not
saved them from ravage attacks directed
by General Arzeniefr, Governor of Odessa.
Groups of men who assembled last Sat
urday with the Intention of holding a
meeting were driven into a solid mass
by 500 Cossacks, backed up by two lines
of infantry with fixed bayonets. About
2000 strikers being thus Inclosed by. _a dou
ble cordon, the Cossacks rode through
them, striking right and left with heavy
whips, the fallen being trampled under
the horses' feet.
ADMINISTRATIVE SAVAGERY.
The correspondent continues: -
When the living mass had b««en thoroughly
kneaded to the Governor's -will numerous m*n
were arrested as sucpected airitators. Th« In
fantry then marched off and the etrik-rs scat
tered In a dozen directions, with Cossack* at
their heel*. It Is rumorPd that 400 ittrlkers
were more or lers seriously injured and that
from six to a dozen pureumhed. • Th<» whole
affair Is a typical piece of administrative snv
»S*ry. The extraordinary feature of the move
ment \t Odessa is that the pollco and gen
darmes belonging to on» depot threatened to
throw .off their uniforms and risk all the t»r
rors of Insubordination unless the miserable
pittance of 11 to 14 "pence which they are
allowed daily was Increased and the hours of
labor reduced. Siberia Is losing Its terrors
eve-n for Kuasian policemen.
Instructions From St. Petersburg
Enjoin Him to Refrain From
Active Interference, but to
Maintain Order. .
General Arzenieff Orders Sav
age Attacks Upon Crowds
in Streets.
The Thirty-sixth District Democratic
Club met at Seavy Hall last evening and
adopted resolutions commending W. R.
Hearst for his work in the cause* of la
bor. The nomination J of Franklin K.
Lane for Mayor was recommended In the
resolutions. The club, which seems to be
an all around organization of varied ac
complishment.", will . meet at Harmony
Hall next Monday night and give an
athletic exhibition.
The Forty-second Assembly District
Democratic Club will hold a ratification
meeting at Saratoga Hall to-morrow
evening. Frank Gould, John J. Kennedy
and Charles Sweigert will speak. There
will be singing and refreshments.
James J, McQueeney, Leon Samuels,
John F. Mitchell, Charles H. Goldbeck.
Richard Cox, William H. Cannon. Wil
liam Hi Rays. James N. Wilson, Hyman
Levy. William Koehler, John S. Elliott
and John H. Nagelmaker. The meeting
was addressed by President James J. Mc-
Queeney. Leon Samuels and others. Re
freshments were served and the Columbia
quartet entertained with music.
The Union Labor Central Club, other
wise known as 'the opposing faction to
the Mayor Schmitz party, held a meeting
last evening at 102 O'Farrell street. James
A. Brien acted as chairman and J. Mc-
Namee as secretary. The meeting passed
off without any differences, most of the
time being, spent In arranging for the
mass meeting of delegates, which will
take plac«» 'to-morrow evening at the Al
hambra Theater. At this meeting the
labor party will be addressed by Con
gressmpn-elect Wynn and Llvernash.
The following delegate ticket selected
by the executive committee of the United
Republican League Club of the Twenty
ninth District was ratified at a big meet
ing held last evening:
Registrar Walsh has given notice that
he will . insist on strict compliance with
the law prohibiting any Identification
marks on tickets for the primary elec
tion. It if? observed that some printers
are putting the uriTon label on tickets,
ami this or any other mark is illegal.
There are no' indications at this time
of a very large vote at the primary elec
tion next Tuesday, but the interest in
the approaching contest is increasing.
Ratification meetings to-morrow evening
and Monday, night will, probably, bring
out many voters. ¦; The Democrats and
Union Labor men have sufficient contro
versy In their own camps to pjevent them
from Identifying themselves with the Re
publican contest. The hot light in the
Labor party will come on the proposition
to fuse with the Democrats. The fol
lowers of Mayor Schmitz have nominated
delegates In every Assembly district and
promise to give Casey's men a hard battle
at the polls.
The Independent Republican Club of the
Thirtieth Assembly District has selected
the following as delegates to be voted for
next Tuesday: Patrick M. O'Connor, Ar
thur H. Cousins. James Wilkinson. Dan
iel J. Curtln, William H. McCarthy.
James F.' Nichols. Joseph P. Tlghe, Mich
ael Rosenberg, Henry Cawley, Gus Lelser,
George W. Brennan, Ike "Benjamin, Wil
liam Tierney, William J. Murane and
Robert McCann.
; The men proposed by the United Re
publican League to serve as delegates to
the local convention of the Republican
party are well known citizens. They live
respectively in the distrlcta which they
will be called upon to represent, and they
are not pledged in advance to support any
candidate for public office.
Captain Snow Fays Miller's rights will
l>e protected, as the navy makes no dis
tinction as to color.
NEW YORK. Aug. 6.-The color line
has been drawn on board the': United
States receiving ship Columbia, at the
Brooklyn navy yard. The chief petty of
ficers have refused to mess with a negro
who has just been sworn in as chief car
penter's mate. This evening they assert
ed their unwillingness to associate with
him in any way or to receive or Qarry out
any orders that may come to them
through him in the line of duty.
Isaac Miller, the chief carpenter's mate,
is not a full-blooded negro. He has been
in the navy many years and has a good
record. For a long time prior to his re
cent promotion, which was for merit, he
ranked as carpenter's mate of the first
class. When Miller appeared at the chief
petty officers' mess on Wednesday eight
other members of the mess arose and left
the table. Miller ate his dinner as if noth
ing out of the ordinary had occurred.
Since then he has had no company at his
meals. He has been allowed, when he
reached the table first, to eat alone, and
when others preceded him he has waited
until they finished.
The fire amounted to nothing and* was
put out In a few minutes. It started in
the kitchen of the home and was caused
by a defective flue. The fire was dis
covered by one of the nurses, who turned
in the alarm. The damage amounts to
very little.
Several policemen soon arrived on the
scene, and they at once restored order,
though it was not an easy matter by any
means, as the old ladies were badly
frightened and Insisted on getting out of
the building. That many were not In
jured Is fortunate, as all of them lost
their heads during th© excitement and
forgot all else save the thought of escap
ing.
A disastrous conflagration was narrow
ly averted at an early hour this morning,
when a defective flue in the Old. Ladles'
Home In the rear of St. Mary's Hospital
caught fire. Fortunately the flames were
discovered in time and an alarm was sent
in from box 56. which brought the engines
to the scene and the slight blaze was ex
tinguished before any headway was
gained.
The home la a large • wooden structure,
situated directly in the rear of St. Mary's
Hospital. It is occupied by more than 100
aged women and when the alarm was
given that the place was in danger of be
ing destroyed there was a mad rush of
the occupants from the building.
There was no one present to calm the
old ladles and they started to rush from
the building. They appeared at the win
dows and many shouted for help. The
stairways were crowded and the passage
ways blocked, so that for a time it looked
as though a disastrous panic would re
sult.
CHARLES LLOYD
DIES IN JAPAN
A foreign liner brought in to-day the
last word of the attacking squadron, the
entire fleet being sighted several hundred
miles off shore on the evening of August'
4. At that time the fleet was steaming in
an easterly direction.
PORTLAND, Me., Aug. 6.-With thick
and stormy weather along the coast it
would seem as if the attacking fleet under
Rear Admiral Sands had the "best possi
ble conditions to-day in which to win the
war game by evading the defending
squadron under Rear Admiral Barker
and establishing itself in some one of the
numerous little harbors of the Eastern
Maine coast. But at a late hour to-night
nothing had been heard from the "ene
my." while reports from the defending
squadron during the day were somewhat
meager. Several of the swift torpedo
beat destroyers ran into Penobscot dur
ing the day and a naval tug came into
Bar Harbor for mail.
The main portion of Admiral Barker's
fleet, however, kept well off shore, and
it is believed continued the work of pa
trolling the coast between Eastport and
Cape Ann.
Admiral Sands has still about three
days in which to make his dash for the
coast, and it i3 believed that he will wait
until the last moment In order to give
the defending squadron plenty of prac
tice in patrolling and take advantage of
any relaxation in the vigilance of their
work.
FINDS TWO CAVES
RICH IN FOSSILS
the meantime the employes of the
: had discovered that the safe was
-¦;i. While Xhey stood discussing
re it could have been taken the
were at work with a drill.
robber* pot a charge of powder into
iole on top of the safe, then lit the
i'.r.d retired down Stewart street to
corner of Kourth avenue. There they
<i, watched by street car men, who
Sered what they were doing,
moment later the explosion came and
men ran to the place. The cracksman
-tically ran a race with these men to
h the F'afe first. They were too slow,
y had to leave without any of the
iey they had worked so hard to get.
rr-e the night when Tom King, alias
erta. stole the safe from the Flier
j office several years ago no crime has
hed this in impudence and with all
daring It ni shrewdly planned and
•led out. Only the fact that George
ilTsey came to clean up the barroom
hour earlier than usual prevented it
n retting the robbers almost $175.
esificr.t Roosevelt was entertained at
Washington while in Seattle.
Fi.ATTLE, Aug. 6.— Cracksmen capped
• rlimai this morning by carrying off
".Sly the safe from the bar of the Wash
..;<-n Hotel, then blowing it in broad
cyllfht within a hundred feet of the
ursuers. With rare Impudence they ex-
ZOVtA the boldest piece of work in the
fetory of ihe city.
Xhe bar of the Washington is on the
rr>ur.d ?.or>r. The robbers entered this
ofota by *' 'cing a window. They rolled
the window, lifted it up and
¦ of the main entrance to the ho
*.',rried the safe across the lawn.
ailed it down the twenty-foot em
::t to Stewart street, beneath the
• :v.e bridge, over which the elec
-r runs to the hotel.
re they knocked off the combination
¦hen drilled a hole in the top of tne
Special Dispatch to The CalL
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Aug. 6.-Criminal
proceedings were Instituted in the Federal
Court here to-day by attorneys represent
ing the City National Bank of Canton,
Ohio, against Albert W. Delbel, teller of
the latter Institution, on the charge of
embezzling about $22,000 in funds and
falsifying the bank's books. A deputy
marshal has been sent to_Canton to take
charge of Delbel, who is under arrest
there. Delbel probably will be given ' a
preliminary hearing before United States
Commissioner Gilmer. of "Warren, Ohio,
to-morrow.
CANTON, Ohio, Aug. 6.-A shortage in
the funds of the _Clty National Bank,
which, it Is said,' may reach $22,000, has
been discovered. The officials of the bank
declare that It will not affect the concern,
as it has a surplus and undivided profit
of $50,000. Albert W.^Delbel, teller 6f the
bank, has been arrested.
Employe Is Accused of Hav
ing Embezzled Large
Activity in Schmitz Faction
of the Union Labor
Defective Flue the Cause of
Small Loss, but Much
Excitement.
Governor of Odessa Is
Waging War Upon
Strikers.
Chief Carpenter's Mate the
Object of Their
Sands' Squadron Sighted Last
Several Hundred Miles
OffShore.
Seattle Cracksmen Commit a
Very Daring Piece
of Work.
Shortage in Funds of a
Can ton Financial
Concern.
Carry It Into Street
and Coolly Blow
It Open.
Inmates of Old Ladies'
Home Make a Dash
for Safety.
Vessels of the "Enemy"
Have Not Made Dash
for Harbor.
Registrar Walsh Gives
Atbple Notice to
Voters.
Petty Officers on Re
ceiving Ship Draw
Color Line.
RIOTERS FULL
UNDER FIRE
OF COSSACKS
BARKER'S FLEET
PATROLS COAST
WILL NOT MESS
WITH THE NEGRO
BALLOTS MUST
NOT BE MARKED
TELLER OF BANK
TARRIES IN CELL
ALARM OF FIRE
CAUSES A PANIC
BURGLARS WALK
OFF WITH SAFE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, FRIDAY, AUGUST 7, 1903.
, Receiver Wadsworth said yesterday
that if the, wheat now in the Crockett
warehouses can be sold under the order
of the court that has been acked for the
probability Is that the Epplnger estate
will be made to realize about 5300,000 for
the creditors of Epplnger & Co. Odds
and ends of small size are being picked
up here and there. One small Item con
sists of the value ¦ of growing crops on
lands that are mortgaged to the London,
Paris and American Bank. The bank has
the lands for ) security, but cannot lay
claim, to the crops -that are grown this
year. The\ sale of sheep belonging to
Epplnger & Co; by the receiver has netted
a few thousand dollars. ' ;
Receiver Wadsworth feels confident that
the American National "Bank cannot hold
th© wheat that was marked In the Crock
ett warehouses by its . agents. There is
need for prompt r action, : so ; says Mr.
Wadsworth. in the matter of the . sale of
wheat for the creditors.'; The expense- of
holding it in warehouses and paying men
for looking out for -It is approximately
$1300 } per • month.
Receiver Wadsworth Is in Haste to
Sell Remaining Wheat to Re
duce Running Expenses.
To Give Anniversary Sermon.
Rabbi Isidore Myers will deliver his an
niversary sermon In the Bush-street
Synagogue to-morrow at 10:30 a. m. Hii
subject will be "Comfort Ye, My Peo
ple."
EPPINOEB ASSETS MAY
TOTAL ABOUT $200,000
Frank E. Plantt, who was married to
Sarah Plantt at Santa Cruz In May, 1S30,
filed a suit for the annulment of his mar
riage yesterday. He claims that the lady
deceived him. Suits for divorce for deser
tion were filed by Mary E. Crouse against
Coleman Crouse, Christianl Ringle against
Anton Ringle, Helen F.' Marston against
Jothan . Marston and Cella Agnes Eadori
against William H. Eadon. Elizabeth
MacKinnon of 1486 Dolores street is suing
James MacKinnon for divorce for cruelty.
he -is responsible for the incendiary fire
at my. residence last May. It was only
by merest chance my . home was not de
stroyed. I happened to detect the odor
of smoke in the evening and went into
the basement to investigate. There I
found piles of kindling ablaze, over which
coal oil had been poured. It -.was -not
without much effort that I saved the'
house • The | case was so flagrant that I
offered $2000 reward for the arrest of the
guilty person. "At that time I did not sus
pect Debray. He had been there only
two weeks when the fire occurred." $
Mintter's family consists of himself, hla
wife and two sons, 8 and 11 years of age,
respectively. He Is the son-in-law of Mrs.
Emily S. Tewksbury. principal owner in
large ' landed Interests in Contra Costa
County, principally about Point Rich
mond. The Standard Oil Works' plant is
located on property purchased from the
Tewkabury; estate. Mr. Mintzer has gen
eral charge of the estate.
In the Divorce Court.
Promotion Committee to Issue Books.
The California Promotion Committee
will issue two books entitled respectively,
"California Addresses by President
Roosevelt" and "San Francisco and Its
Environs." The title of the first named
valume explaints Its scope. The second
is a guide to San Francisco and vicinity.
The promotion committee will sell thes«
books through the book stores at 23 centi
each. :-"
Nine citizens who had, been served with
summons to appear In the United States
Circuit Court last Monday morning to
serve on the Jury panel failed to appear,
and Judge Beatty issued a citation yes
terday commanding them to appear be
fore him on Tuesday of next week to
show cause why they should not be pun
ished for contempt. / Their names are:
Bernard Bienenfleld. J. A. Folger, Charles
Nelson, Horace . Newell, J. c.: Peters,
George Robinson. I. Tlllman Jr. and Her
man I* Welch.
Cited for Contempt.
MEMPHIS. Tenn., Aug. 6.— Sheriff I*.
W. Williamson of De Soto County, Miss.,
was brought to this city to-night for
medical attention, having been shot and
probably mortally wounded at Hernando,
Miss., this afternoon In a pistol duel with
County Surveyor W. II. Moody of Da
Soto Count* 1 .
Williamson and Moody were both can
didates for Chancery Court Clerk, and II
is stated that the difficulty" grew out ol
circulars that were distributed last night,
making certain charges against William*
son. Moodv surrendered.
A great deal of excitement developed
to-night over the shooting and at 9 o'cloch
a mob went to the county Jail, where
Moody was confined, and demanded that
the Jailer deliver him up. The officers
had anticipated such a move and almost
three , hours previously had spirited the
prisoner away. A committee from the
mob was allowed to search the Jail and
the people quietly dispersed.
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PLATES AT COST.
Made by the professors of this colless *ati
guaranteed a perfect fit. We solicit the moji
difficult cases and make a specialty of natsra,
looking *.nd s«rrlceable teeth.
Painless Methods — Extraction Pro*.
Week Days. 9 to 9; Sundays. 0 to L
POST-GRADTTATE DSHTAXi CO LI. EG 2
Sui Praaciaco— 3 Taylor Stre«*.
Oakland — 973 WaaUnftoa'StMet.
1 San Joi»— 45 East Saat* Clara f Srt«t.The bark Martha Davis sailed yesterday for
Hllo with an assorted merchandise cargo, val
ued at $31,707 and including the following:
• «*% bbls flour. 2781 ctla barley. 113 ctls
wheat. 571 lbs corn. 2n.02a lbs middlings.' 1258
bales hay, fill.STn lbs. fertilizer. 113-ctls wheat,
20.000 lbs. rice, 93.121 lbs bran, 7821 lbs beans
10,371 lbs sugar. 20,000 lbs 45 bales salt, 151<i
lbs ham und bacon, 3700 lbs lard. 200 cs canned
goods. 50 bxs past*. ' 18.10 gals wine. 95 gals 1
os whisky. iftO pkgs potetoes, 18 pkgs onions
and gariir. 72 pkgs freeh rruit, SOSO lbs codfish
,T5 bbls pickled salmon; 315 pkga. dried frultj
33f>0 lbs bread, 50 cs powder. 1 cs caps. 4 pkgs
agrirultural Implements. 200 pes p»j>e,Stt pkgs
BajjiiT. IV ce boots and Ehoea, 176 cs soap, ' 00
A Cargo for Hilo.
26uO cs canned fruit. 250 ca canned, salmon,
10 bbla vinegar. 14 pkgs household goods, »
bales rubber goods, 47 sks roots, 77 pkga paint,
70 bales rags and.l cs brushes.
The steamer Alaska, which waa cleared yes
terday for New York via -Puget Sound and
Honolulu, carried' the following merchandise
os rargo from this port consigned to New
York: ;
A Shipment for New York.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Lumber for Australia.
The British bark Port Carlisle sailed yester
day for Melbourne-Australia, with 1,055,102 ft
lumber, valued at ?39,124.
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
Aucrnnt 7.
C. Nelson... Grays Harbor 5-pm Pier 2
Alankan N. Y. via Pug»t S'd Pier 10
Arcata Coos B.& Pt.Orford 2 pm Pier 13
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Eureka Humboldt.... » am Pier 13
AiiKtint 8. .
Iaqua 'Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
G. Dollar... Portland Direct 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona r Humboldt : . 1 :30 p Pier 9
Curacao...., Mexican Ports..... 10 am Pier 19
Argo Eel. River Ports.... 4 pm Pier 2
Siberia China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
City cf Para n. y. via Panama. 12 m Pier AO
AlljXttKt f».
Phoenix Menclno City direct 1 pm Pier 13
Centralia... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
S. Roaa. San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier la
Ramona.... gan Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 19
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
Umatllla.... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
AiiKuwt 1U.
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pm Pier 2
> AllBOKt Jl.
Arctic Lob Angeles Ports. 1 pm Pier 10
Corona Humboldt ......... 1:30 p Pier 9
Ne\|rt>urg. . . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 2t
AngruRt 134.
a Monica... Los Angees Ports.. 12 m Pier 2
S. Barbara. Lo B Angeles Ports. 12 ' m Pier 2
Rival :. IVUlapa Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
Anurnnt 13..
State of Cal. San Diego & Way, 9 am Pier 19
Coos Bay... Newport & Way.. 9 pm Pier 19
Olympic... Whatcom. & Falrhn 4 pm Pier 2
Amount 14..'
Queen...... Pupet Sound Ports 11 am Pier a
AiiB'iiMt 15. ¦' I .- .
San Jose... N Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Mariposa... Tahiti direct ;...... 11 am Pier 7
Alameda. .. Honolulu . ..."'. 11 am Pier 7
St. Paul.... Nome & St Michael • ....
Ansnst 10. | .
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 1 11 am Pier 24
Ancnnt'17. I , .- ' _
San Pedro.. Humboldt,...- |10 am|Pler 2
¦ '-•• '> V - FROM SEATTLE. "
Steamer. - - ¦ For. I Sails.
Bertha... Cooka Inlet & Way Pta^Aug. 7
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 7
City Seattle... Skagway & Way PorU. Aug. • U
Faration.. Skay way. & Way. Ports Aug.. 11
Humbodlt.... Skagway &' Way Porte Aug." 12
Cny Toj>eka..' Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. r 14
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. Aug.- JB
Si -i'k:uit Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. -16
Oregon.; . Nome.. ........... -. Aug.; 16
Santa Ana.... Coikn Inlet & Way Pts. Aujr. 10
Tampico...... Nome & 'St. "Michael..' Augr. 17
Al-Kl. v.t; • . . Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 20
-The rate of reinsurance on the Wilton Park
was advanced yesterday to 50 per cent and the
rate on the Helen Brewer was marked up to
00 per cent. y
Reinsurance Changes.
The Pacific Mall Company's liner San Jose.
Captain G. W. Brown, arrived yesterday from
Panama and way posts. She brought 092 tons
of cargo and treasufe valued at *:12OO. Her
passengers, twenty-two in all. Included the
Jollowing named: Frederick Robinson and
wife, Fernando Cordova. Mm. Frank White
lock F. ¦ W. - Boynton. A. Reed, Mrs. James
Young, Charles M. Barrows, S. H. William*,
Angel Canobbio. G. Bayer, , James Ttmmlns.
Chris Martin, S. R. Gunnlson, William Shlp-
Ff-y Ike Levin. Miss Oulrina Karate, John
Behrcns. John Mahor.ey, ' Tim Uelaney.
«
San Jose Arrives.
The American-Hawaiian Steamship Com
pany's freighter Texan. ~whk:h arrived yester
day from New York, brought as part of her
large carco COO miles of rubmarlne cable to
be used in completing the telegraphic scheme
outlined for Alaska. This cable the Texan will
take to Srnttle and there transfer it to the
cable Fteamchip Burnside. The Texan was 19
days 7 hours from Coronel and 52 days from
New York. Captain Morrison reports an un
eventful trip, but says they encountered very
dirty weather at the ¦western end of the Straits
of Maeelian, where for. several hours they
drove through a heavy snowstorm.
Brings 600 Miles of Cable.
TELEGRAPHIC,
POINT LOBOS. AUg «. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind SW. velocity,- 8 miles 'per hour.
DOMESTIC ' PORTS. . v ..
MENDOCINO— Sailed Aug 6— Stmr Phoenix,
for San Francisco. ''¦.¦:.. • / •
• EUREKA — Arrlvtd Aug 6— Stmr , Corona,
hence- July 5; stmr Alliance, hence Aug 5.
SalNd Aug ¦ 0— Stmr North Fork, for v San
Francisco.. ¦¦,-.'.¦ ¦¦.. . .
REDONDO-^Sailed : Aug . 6— Stmr Brooklyn,
for San Francisco.' , : ' '/" ••
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Aug 6— Bktn J M
Griffith.- for. San Francisco. J •¦ : • >,
SEATTLE— Arrived -Aug,.&-rStmr, Dolphin,
from Skagway. Aug 5— Stmr Argj-U, h«ncc
¦Aug l.\ -¦-:-.• "..; : .-,.-• -.:. --¦.,-., -,
. -.Sailed :Aug 5-^-Stmr; Dlrlgo. .' for Skagway.
. Sailed- - Aug -. &r-Br-- stmr -Tottenham,! for
China;, , . - :• •. .-• ;. / •;¦... ¦ -, . ..
¦ Arrived - Aug* G-^-Stmr ; St P*ul.' from Nom».
ST. MICHAEL— In "port July-28— U S stmr
Per stmr St Paul— July 28, off Nuntvak, schr
Inca, from Newcastle,." A us. for Nome.
SPOKEN,
Thursday. /August 6.
Stmr Slate of California, Thomas, San Diego.
JStmr Samoa. ; Madsjn, • San Pedro.
Stmr Geo W Elder; Randall, Astoria.
Stmr San Mateo, Locke, Tacoma.
Stmr Ventura. Hayward, Sydney and Hono
lulu. . .,
Stmr South Bay. Jamieson, 'Eureka.
Stmr Arctic. Reiner, Eureka. , v/
Stmr Sooliii. Krickson. Bowens Laifiinsr.
Ger stmr Denderah, -Von RiegenTKamburg
and way ports. .
Bark Palmyra. Peterson. Port Gamble.
Bark Martha Davis. McAImon,' Hllo.
Br bark Port Carlisle. Oldfleld. Melbourne.
Schr Mary C. Campbell, Bodega.
Schr Antelope. Wldderstran. Coquille River.
Kchr Alumna,. Genberg, South Bend.
Schr Mary. G Russ, Nyman, Eureka. ;•
I y Thursday, August 6.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen, 15 hours from Cas
par; bound south; put In to. land passengers.
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, 14 , hours from
Greenwood. . ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦• .
Stmr . Texan, Morrison. • 52 days -15 hours
:i6 minutes from New York, via . Coronel 19
days 7 hours 32 minutes. ..
Stmr Gualala. Johnson, 11' hours from
Bowens Landing. • '.*.'-.
Ktmr Pomona. Swanson, 19 hours from Eu
reka. • .
Stmr Mackinaw, Starrs, 90 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Ramona, Eagles, 57 ' hours ¦ from New
port, etc. ;
Rtmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 41 hours from
San Diego. • • , ¦
Stmr ban Jose, Brown, 22 days 19 hours from
Panama. ¦ ,. -#•
Stmr Chehalis, Frantzon, 4S- hours from San
Pedro. , '.>•¦ .
Stmr Argo, Dunham. 24 hours from Eel
River. < ¦ • • ,-.
. Ktmr Despatch, . Hanson, 50 hours from San
Pedro. „ ¦¦
Ur stmr Coptic, Rlndtr, 26 days 19 houra 54
minutes from Hongkong, via Yokohama IS
days 21 «£ , hours, via Honolulu 5 days 21 hours
7 minute!!.
Nor,, stmr Tellus, Arntzen, 34 days from
Newcastle, Aus. .
Brbark Orion, Shand, 118 days from Ant
werp. •
Brig Galilee, Trcanor, 4 days from Aber
deen. . '.. -
Schr Bessie K, Merrlam, 26 hours from San
Vicente Landing.
Schr Mary Etta, Larsen, 4 days from Sius
law River.
Schr A M Baxter, Isaacson, 7 days from
Ballard.
CLEARED.
Thursday, August 6.
Stny Ventura. Hayward, Sydney and Hono
lulu: J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr Alaskan, Nichols, New York, via Ta
coina and Seattle -and Honolulu; Williams.
Dimor.d.& Co. . ¦ '
Ger atmr Denderah, Von Ricgen. Hamburg
and way ports; J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Bark Martha Davis, .Me Almon, Hilo; Welch
& Co. •
SAILED. .
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Steamer. From. I Dae.
CoroiijJdo San Pedro JAug. 7
G. Dollar Han Pedro ...I Aug. 7
North Fork... Humboldt I Aug. 7
I Point Arena.. Mendocino 6c Pt. Arena! Aug. 7
New burg Grays Harbor I Aug. 7
Marirota Tahiti ...|Auk. -7
Montana Seattle Aug. S
Mlneola Tacoma Aug. }«
Ital Norte Crescent City Aug. ei
Rival WilUpa Harbor |Aug. S
3. DoMar Seattle & Tacoma [Aug. "b
Columbia Portland & Victoria. .. I Aug. S
Centralia Kan Pedro Aug. . 9
Wyefiela Nanaimo Aug. 9
Corona Humboldt Aug. «
Olympic Whatcom & Falrhaven Aug. 10
Nebraskan.... Honolulu & Kahului... Aug.- It)
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 10
Coos I3ay Newport & Way Ports.JAug. 10
Queen Pug^t Sound Ports. .. .IAu«s. 10
Czarina..- Coos Bay .r Aug. 11
Eureka Humboldt Aug. -11
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford Aug. 11
Alarr.eda Honolulu Aug. 11
S. Monica.... Grays Harbor Aug 12
Argo Kel River Ports ..Aug. -IS
Pomona Humboldt Aug 12
S. Barbara... Seattle & Olympla Aug. 12
City Panama. Vew York via Panama.lAug. 12
Santa Rosa... San Dirgo & Way P^rts|Aug. 13
G. U.El.ler.. l-ortland & Astoria |Aug. 13
Atholl China & Japan ...|Aug. 13
Clavcritvr. China and Japan !Aug. 14
ban Pedro... Grays Harbor |Aug. 14
Ramona.. fan Pedro & Way Pts.|Aug. 14
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports (Aug. IB
Alliance Portland & Wny Ports Aug 35
Sierra.. Sydney & Way Ports.. Aug. 17
Amer. Maru. China & Japan... Aug IS
Sl'esla Seattle ~.|Au£ 18
NOTE— In the above expoaltlon ef the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height*.. and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Stories about noted peoDle in the Wasp.
Dcn*t miss th«»m. •
FRIDAY, AUGUST 7. 1003. : '
Sun rises ;..'... ...' H:1S
Sun sets 7 :lo
Moon sets ". ...4:57 a. m.
O > Tlmei (Timel Time , . Time
b 1 Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
» L W .II TV , L, W : H TV
~7 4:55—0.2 12:05 4.9 4:40 2.8 10:66 B.3
8 .5:24—0.112:37 .4.0 5:27 2.7 11:32 6.2
9 5:5.1 0.1 1:04 4.9 6:05 2.5
H W |L W ¦ H W L W
10 0:10 Ji.01 6:25 0.4 1:30 R.O 6:45 2.3
11 0:51 4.7J 7:00 0.7 1:65 8.01 7:20 2.1
12 1:35 4.5| 1:35 1.1 2:22 " 6.0" 8:lfl l.a
13- 2:22 4.318:14 1.5 2:5» 5.1| 0:07 1.6
WASHINGTON. Aug. S.— John F Carnell.
C" years old. a veteran clerk of the office of
The Auditor of the Postcfflce formerly of
Iowa, was arrc-Ete«l to-day by postofflce in
pp«tors on the charge of opening letters ad-,
dressed to the Auditor and appropriating the
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height of
tide is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to bun
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
TO ARRIVE.
Exports by the Kosmos Liner.
The German steamer Denderah of the" Kos
mos line sailed yesterday for Hamburg and
way ports with cargo U<len at this port, valued
at $74.7.V> and distributed as follows: For
Mexico — 5:»Cf>0: Central America, $10."iCO; Kcua
uor. $13$2; Peru, $37.SS2; Chile. $:;»5S1: Ham-
L-urg, Germany, J001S; Amstardam, Holland,
$1705. The leading exports were as follows:
To Mexico — 1500 cs powder cartridges, 11 cs
blasting fuse. 2 cs blasting caps.
To Central America — 'J~.:i^ti ft lumber. 5 bbls
flour. 1i) pkgs fresh fruit, 14 pkgs potatoes, 11KXI
lbs sugar, fj> pkgs groceries and provisions,
llfu lbs rice, 350 gals wine, ir.00 lbs beans. 4,ss
lbs ham and bacon, 8 bbls tar, 7 pltgs oil, 44
cs coal oil, 4 pkgs paper. 500 lbs sulphur, 20 cs
cartridges. 30 colls barbed wire, 19 kegs nails,
44 cs gasoline, VKK) c« blasting powder, 10 cs
caps and fuse, 1 cs firearms. " ¦'
To Ecuador — 250 bbls flour, 400 gals wine, 74,
cs canned Balmon, 7U pkgs groceries and pro
visions.
To Peru— 12,082 ctls wheat. 1610 bbls flour,
33xa lbs shrimps, 12 cs calmnn. 323 gals wine,
HOO lbs dried fruit, 27.COO lbs malt. W>O cs
blasting powder, 10 cs fuse, 25 bbls oil, 12,313
lbs tallow 7*jS gals palm oil, 10 drums sulphic
acid.
To Chile — 195 cs canned salmon, 2500 lbs lard
compound. 10 c« canned goeris, 10 cs candy, 751
pigs lead. OOSS ft lumber, ::0 coils rope.
To Hamburg. Germany — 418.R41 lbs dried
fruit, C50 cs canned fruit, 3 cs wine, 300 bbls
asphaltum, 0 rs machinery.
To Amsterdam, Holland— 5S0 cs canned fruit.
» \ - ¦ - -"
Movements of Steamers.
The time ball on the Ferry building was
dropped exactly at noon to-day, i. e., at noon
of the 120th meridian, or at S p. m. Greenwich
time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in Charge.
Time Ball.
Branch Hvdrcgraphlc Office, U. a. N., Mer
chants 1 Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., Au
gust 6, 1003.
Auckland— Mre. R. Blgelow, H. G. Keith. J.
Kirker, Miss Kirker. H. Levinsohn, Miss
Aimee Moore, Miss Acnes G. Murphy, C. B.
Russell. J. Williams, Miss E. B. Williams.
Sydney — Miss B. Berner. Mrs. M. E. Bor
neque, J. P. Brown, S. R. Brown, J. B.
Byrne. Mrs. Byrne. Miss Byrne, C M. Chap
man. Hon. Henry Copeland, R. L. Hassall, D.
E. Hayes, Miss Hayward, Miss E. Haywanl.
O. M. Henrie. Mrs. Henrie. four children and
Infant: Master Henrie, W. J. Hussey, Mrs.
Hussey, G. Hutchison, E. T. Kane, Miss
Grace B. Konopak. Peter S. G. Mackenzie. \V.
Mofflln. Mrs. Mofflin, C. H. Reynolds. Colin «.'.
Scott, Mrs. M. S. Shepherd. Mrs. J. L. Stan
ford, maid and man servant: A. Hord Winn.
Join at Honolulu for Sydney— M. Hoch
heimer. Mrs. Hochhelmer, Miss E. Hochhei
mtr. Miss L. Hochheimcr.
Honolulu— Miss Atchiscn, Miss M. T. Bird.
Mrs. W. J. Black. P. F. Butler. Miss Allc«
Butler. Miss G. Butler. Mrs. A. B. Outts. \V.
F. Fletcher, Mrs. J. E. Gorman, Miss Gor
man. W. L. Hall. Miss Sybil Harvey. W. J.
Kaseberg, Mrs. Kaseberg, Frank Kennedy.
Miss F. M. MpcSwain, Mrs. H. Meador, Mrs.-
C. E. Moor*. Miss B. Musgravc, Mrs. G. T.
Nicholson. Miss Nicholson. Miss J. A. Van
No?trand. C. J. Poiman, Mrs. Polman and
child, F. L. Putnam. C J. Rittenhouse H. C
Hcheckels. Mrs. Scheckels. •<. O. SeReckels,
Ferd Schultz, D. L. Withtneton, Mrs. Wtth
ington. two children and two servants; Paul
Wtthington, Lothrop Withington, ~ Frederick
VVIthlngton.
Pago Pago-^-Lieutenant Amos Bronson Jr..
TV. Davles. Carl Pft-iffer.
Something went wrong with the Ventura's
whistle yesterday as It sounded the "all
ashore" notice at 1:30 o'clock, end It was
reveral hours after the scheduled time before
the liner started on her voyage to the Antl
roJ^s. She carried a full cargo and many
passengers. Among the latter was Mrs. Jans
L. Stanford, who tnt-ends making a tour of
the world. The passengers Included the fol
lowing named:
~T~~
Ventura Takes Many Passengers.
The Copper Queen Js a vessel of about
six tons register, and was bound from
Rogue River to this port when she ran
ashore. She Is owned by C. H. Green of
Coos Bay, Or., and is commanded by
Captain Burns. She Is loaded with sal
mon. When she went ashore the land
was obscured by a heavy fog.
TIE little cchooner Copper Queen
went ashore at 2 o'clock yester
day morning about four miles
north of Point Reyes life-saving
station. The crew landed safely
and are now at Reeves rancli^ where
they will remain until it is decided what
can be don« with the schooner. It is
thought she will be saved.
bxs candles. CCO bbls lime, 50 cs oil, 79 bdls
steel and iron.
AMERICAN HAWAIIAN COMPANY'S BIG FREIGHTER WHICH ARRIVED YESTERDAY FROM NEW YORK
AND WHOSE CARGO INCLUDES COO MILES OF SUBMARINE CABDE WHICH WILL BE TAKEN NORTH
AND SUBSEQUENTLY LAID ALONG THE COAST OF ALASKA.
William Hemis, Mrs. William Benis Captain
J. Rugge <U. S. A.». U. Casey. Mr*. L. Casey,
K. \V. L>awson, J. FVench. R. L. Fulton Mrs.
It. L. Fulton. Miss H. Fulton. Ills* M.' Ful
ton. F. T. * Gjuep, F. Geneen. Mrr. C. XT.
tlrf^n. L. Hopkins, Dr. Kurt Jerschke, J. G.
•lury, Mrs. J. G. Jury, Master Jury. F. A.
Kinforth, M. Luery, Captain K. Osioihaus (I.
G. A.). C Patrick. Mrs. F. I. Randolph. Dr.
J. K. Reader, Mrs. J. K. Reader. K. Wolter.
«;. I. Shekuri". H. M. Wheeler. R. S. "Wheeler
Y. Yokot*. Frederick B. Allis- Mre. JXat::e U
WSchman:
The Coptic left Hongkong on Juir 11, Amoy
on July 12 and Shanghai on July IS. After
VasEiag, Nagasaki on July 17 she arrived at
Honolulu on July ol and proceeded to San
I-'Yancis.co. The City of Peking was met and
signals exchanged. On August 3 the Nippon
Maru was encountered and a day later the
transport Hhcri-5an was passed and reported
"All well." The following is a list of the
..'¦ .r. passengers: «
The *t*aiBsh!p Coptic arrived in "part last
nUrfct aaJ docked at the Pacific Mail Steam-
Fhip CoTr.?ar.y's wharf Ehortiy before »¦ o'clock.
Tbe commander reported a voyage without ln
< idem. Plea5B.ut weather was experienced and
tiie vi»ssel made schedule time. Aboard the
tKat was Curtain £arey, wjio was in com
mand cf the etearaer Victoria when she we.i'.
ashore on Little Bamboo Island last April.
<¦***>• ha« jurt sold the wrecked hull and
<argo for SriOOO and will assume command of
another of his cornoany's boats.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
TORT SAID— Arrived Aug 6— Slmr Deu
calion, from London, Antwerp and ¦ Liverpool,
for Seattle. '
BROWHEAD— Pass:d Aug 6— Stmr Cevic,
/from New York, for Liverpool. •
QUEEN STOWN— Sailed Aug 6—StmrNoord
lund. for Philadelphia; stmr Majestic, for New
York.
LIZARD — Passed Aug 6 — Stmr La Bretagne.
from New York, fcr Havre. .
HILO — Arrived Aug 2 — Bark St Katherine.
hence July 16. <. . - .
MAKAWELI— Sailed \ Aug 1— Bark Edward
May, for San Francisco. • . *
LAHAINA— Arrived Aug S— Bktn Addenda,
from Newcastle, Au«.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— SaWtd Aug 2— Oer bark No
mla. for Oregon. /
HONGKONG— Railed Aue 5— Br stmr Em
press of China, f6r Vancouver.
CAPE TOWN— Sailed Aug 6— Ship J U
Thomas, for Newcastle, Aus.
ACAPULCO— Sailed Aug 3— Stmr, City of
Sydney, for Panama: Etmr City'of Panama, for
San Francleco.
VICTORIA— Arrived Aug. 5— Br stmr Aoran
gi, from Brisbane.
ISLAND PORTS.
Thetis, from Nome; U S stmr Hugh McCul
loch. from Unalaska.
. ALTJION— Arrived Aug d— Stmr Celia. hence
Auk 4: Etmr Greenwood, hence Aug 5. *
FAIRHAVKN— failed Aug 6— Stmr Aztec,
for San^ Francisco.
SAN yDIEGO— Sailed Aug 6— Schr Mabel
Gray, for Eureka.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Aug *— Stmr Pasa
dena, for Eureka; nchr'Luey, for Umpqua.
UNION LANDING— Sailed Aug tt— Stmr Ful
ton, for San Pedro.
COOy 1JAV— Arrived Aue 6-Stmr Czarina,
hence Aug 3. Aug O-^-Stmr Acme, for San
Francisco. ' - ¦ ,
POUT TOWNSEND— Passed in Aug G— Stmr
St Paul, from Nome, for Seattle; echr Frank
W Howe, hence July 17.
Arrived Aue C— Schr Aloha,' hence July 25.
Sailed Aug «5 — Chil bark Cunon, for Val
paraiso.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Aue 6— Schr Roy
Somers. for Sati Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Aug fr— Schr Ida
Schnauer. for Port Ludlow.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Auj; 6— Schr Ida
Schnauer. from Port Gamble.
ASTORIA— Sailed Aug 6— Stmr Columbia,
for San Francisco; Fr bark Grande Duchesse
Oipa, from Newcastle, England.
Sailed Aus 0— Stmr Homer, for Dutch Har
bor.
Arrived Aug 6 — Schr Chas R Wllssn, hence
July 23.
TATOOSH — Passed In Aus 6 — Stmr llelvllle
Dollar, hence Aug 1. for Seattle: Br stmr
Aorangi, . from Sydney, for Vancouver.
Passed out Augr tf — Br stmr Aorangi, from
Sydney, for Vancouver: bktn J M Griffith,
for San Francisco. ;
Passed in Aug 6 — Stmr City of Puebla,
hence Aug 4, for 'Seattle. -- - -¦ .
VENTURA— Arrived Aug 6— Stmr Whlttier,
from Kahului.
Sailed Aus 0— Stmr Whittier,_for San Fran
cisco. ,_. :-¦¦], '
The Norwegian bark Prince Oorge is once
more reported In trouble. She left London
May 21. 1902, for Hon^ay. She was aban
doned by officers and crew near Zamboanga,
but -Kp- later picked up and towed into Hollo,
from which port she sailed July 15 for Honjcay.
Word comes now that sh* Is ashore at South
Mlndoro. No details have be»n received as to
how serious is her predicament. "• i I
m -T--T- ?..t..T..T..«..'..T..T.. ».¦•¦.• ¦»- »¦¦»¦ ?»»»»»» 4*
Prince George Is Ashore.
PRESCOTT, Ariz., Aug.- 6.— Fire early
this morning completely destroyed three
large boarding and rooming houses In
the part, of town known as Goose Flat.
The houses were owned by Mrs. Alexan
der Thompson and were valued at 520.000.
The Insurance amounted to 5400:). The
explosion -'of a lighted /limp caused the
fire.
LamTx Explosion Causes Big Fire.
Section 1!>. Xo Senator or member of Aeeera
bly eha!!, during the term for which he Ehall
have been el toted, be appointed to any civil
ctftit cf profit under this State which shall
have beea created, or the emolument* of which
r-»v* been ircrejused. during ruch term, except
nJT* offices as may be tiUed by election by the
l^opie.
la answer to a communication received
frcm Governor Pardee. requesting knowl
tdgc as to whether a member of the last
Legislature !s new eligible to appointment
to the oCJce of Code Comnaissiorser, as
provided for and approved by the Legis
lature on March 25, 1M3, Attorney General
Webb responded yesterday, stating that
it itss his opinjon that a member of the
last Legislature •was eligible to appoint
ment to the cfilce of Cede Commissioner.
The Attorney General, in giving his
cr-ialcn. explains In his communication to
ihe'Governor inat the. original office ol
Cede Conunlasioner was created by pro
vision cf section 1 cl the act of the Leg
islature in 15S5. but limiting the time of
the o£Sce, and that under an art approved
i.t the n;e*»tir;g cf the Legislature held
March 23, 13C2, there appears nothing in
the title or in the body of the later act to
indicate that the legislature intended to
dbolifh the office created by the act of
3*15. The later act is purely and profess
s^dly an amendment of the earlier one,
inasmuch us the provisions of the earlier
act incorporated in the later act are con
tinued. All of the portions of the act of
I&O.m-bich are copied in the act of 1?"J3
are not to be considered &s having been
repealed and enacted again, but are to
be considered as having been the law
from the datt* of th«* adoption of the first
art up to the present time.
For thc^e reasons the Attorney General
hnl^s that a member of Ibe Legislature
•would not come under the provisions of
rrction IS of article IV of the constitu
tion of this State, which is as follows:
PORTLAND. Or.. Aug. 6.— After being
more than a year with a cargo of general
merchandise from Antwerp, the French
bark Grande Duchesse Olga arrived in the
Columbia River to-day. Her voyage is
one of the longest on record, and but for
the fact that she had been spoken every
now and then her name would probably
have long ago been placed among the lost.
The Duchesse left Antwerp for Portland
with a cargo consigned to CJirvin & Eyre
early In the year 1802. She had a rough
passage down the channel, but met still
uglier weather In the South Atlantic, and
off the coast of South America was
caught In a blow that threatened to send
her to the bottom. Under bare poles,
however, she succeeded In reaching Rio
de Janeiro. Several months were lost in
the Brazilian port.
Believes Act of 1903 Was
Net Intended to Inter
d'e" Them.
Nearly Goes to the Bottom
Off the Coast of South
America.
Attorney General Holds
They May Be Code
Commissioners.
Takes More Thah.a Year
to Cross the Ocean
From Antwerp.
SCHOONER COPPER QUEEN
GOES ASHORE IN THE FOG
Little Vessel Bound Here From Rogue River With a Cargo of
Salmon Strikes the Beach Near Point Reyes---Grew Lands and
Is Cared For by Friendly Rancher— The Craft May Be >Saved
DOES NOT BAR
LEGISLATORS
LONG VOYAGE
DF FRENCH BARK
THE'SAN FBANCISCO CALL, FBI DA. Y, AUGUST . «• 1903» -'
10
m RAILWAY TRAVEL.
California >r
LimitGO...
To CHICAGO
[y^BS^^ An eal Train
[pfmi^S^i For Those Who
?'• SANTA EE TRAINS.
I^eave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local ILim'd Local OVrl'd
. . Dally | Dally Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran.... 7:30 a) 0:30a 4:00'p 8:00p
Ar. Stockton 10:40 a 10:01 p| 7:10pll:15p
"Merced l:05p 1:65 p| 1:2S»
"Fresno , 2:40p 3:20p....... 3:15a
"Hanford . 4:58p 4:07p... 7:50a
"Vlsalla 4:55p 4:48 p 5:00a
"Bakersfleld .. 7:15 p. 6:00 p 7:35a
"Kansas City 2:35a 7:00a
" Chicago 2:15 p 8:47 y
a for morning; p for afternoon.
7 :30 a. m. Dally Is Bakersfleld Local, stop-
ping at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:55 a. m. dally.
»:S0 a m Monday and Thursday Is the
CALIFORNIA LIMITED. carrying
Palace Sleeping /Car* and Dining Cars
through to Chicago. Chair car, runs to Bakers,
field for accommodation of local first-class pas-
sengers. No: second-class tickets -are honored
on this train. .'Corresponding train arrives at
11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday. ,
0:30 a. m. Dally, Valley Limited. ¦"Composite
Car and Reclining Chair Car between Bakers-
fleld and San Francisco. Corresponding train
arrives at 11:10 p. m. dally. •. \
4 :00 p • m. . Is Stockton Local.' Corresponding
train arrives at 11:10 a. m. dally., y
8:00 p. m. Dally Is the Overland Express
with through Palace and Tourlst| Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to .Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper; which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 6:25; p. m.dally.
Personally conducted parties for Kansas City.
Chicago and East leave San * Francisco every
Monday Thursday and Saturday at 8 p. ft.
Offices— C41 Market street and In Ferry. De-
pot. San '¦ Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oakland.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
. Leave • : Tia Stuahtt fmf . Arri\*e -
San Fran. NO W Marttt 81 San Fran.
Week Sun-. _BBg- Sun- Week
Days. days d^ys Days.
ei45A 8:OOa IT iJMMlnM' 12:OOn»:15a
1:45f 9:00a WH^gSB» 12:AOp3:3Op
5:16r 10:00a x&4»€8t 3:3Op 5:50p
11:3Oa 4:3Sp
l:SOp 5:*5r.-.—
| g-aKpj \.«r • , 8:oop -".;.,.:;¦
Iwto4ayi tsij, ttm Tiwra T 9:30r,trriT»S.r 11;30t
TIGUT 1 626 Ma&mct St^ (North Shore Railroadj
OTfKBS ( and Sausauto Fh»», ?-rf ZfzzZZl Sc ' ¦
OCEAN TRAVEL.
eeteaTners leave Ear Fran-
cifco as follows:
Fcr Ketchikan. Juneau.
Ekarw-ay, etc.. AUska— 11 a.
m.. August *. 9. 11. 19, 24.
29. Sept. 3. Chanfte to com-
rsnv'B tteamera *t Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver
Tort Tcwr.send. Seattle. Ta.
~ "^ coma. Everett. Wbatcom — 11
a. m., Aujrutt 4. 0, 14. 19. 24. 2a, Sept. 3.
Change at^ Seattle to this company'* fteamers
fcr Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle for Ta-
coma to K, P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humbclit Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. in.. August 2. S 14. 20, 26, Sept. 1; Corona,
1 :::0 p. m.. August 6. 11, 17. 23. 20. Sept. 4.
Fcr Ixs Aceeles (via. Port Los Ar.relea and
Rednndo). San Diego and Santa Uarbara—
Sar.ia Rota. Sundays, 9 a. in.
Rtate of California. Thursdays, 9 a. m. '
For ttcm Angeles (via Ean Pedro and East
Fan Pedro), Secta Barbara. Santa Crui, Mon-
terey, Baa Simeon, Cayuccs. Pnrt Hartord
(?an Luis Obiepo). Ventura, and Hutneme.
Coos Bar. » a- rn.. August 8. 13. 21. 23,
Kept. 6*
Rsinena. 8 a. ra.. August 1, 0. 17. 23. Sept. 2.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. Saa Jose del
'"«!,--, Mazatlaa, Altata, Lj, Pat, Santa Ro-
ralla, Gusytr.as (Mcr). 10 e. m., 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamer* or aall-
ir\s dat^s.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New llontj?om-
»r>" street (Palsce Hotel). 10 Market street aad
Hmadwajr vharf.
Freight office. 10 Market Hreet.
C. D. DUNANN*. Oen^ral Passen«rer Agent.
10 Market «.. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
"Columbia" tails Aug. 1. 11. 21. 31. "Ceorg*
' Tl". Elder" r-lls July 27. Aug. 0. .... 28. Onlr
tteairrhlp line to PORTLAND. OK., and short
mil line from Portland to all i o!ms East.
Tbrough tickets to all points, all rail or steaa-
thip and rail, at LOWEST RATES. Steamer
ticket* Include bertb and tneals. Stean~er sails
loot cf Sperr »t. at it ». ta. ~. V. BOOTH.
Hj«n. Agt. l'its. Dept., 1 Montgomery st. ¦ c!
CJ.1TTORD. Gen. Agt. I*rt. : ;pt.. 3 Montgoai-
* ry -*t. { •
TOYO RISEN KAfSHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO)
fcteamer* vrill leav e wharf, cornt-r Flr»t and
i:r*nnen ttreets. at 1 p. m. for VOKOHAVa
end HONGKONG, calling at Kob* <Hlogo)
Nafrui^akl and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with tte-amers for India, etc. No
• arco received on board on day of Valllnr
S. S. AMERICA MARU.... "*'
Wednesday, August 26 * 1903
H S HONGKONr. MARU calling at M*a-
ri»a> Falurday. September 19 latn
E. H. NIPPOX MARU..:..... ' 1803
Thursday. October i5."l90T.
.Via Honolulu. Round-trip ticket* at reduced
rates. F<-.r freight and jiarsage. ap-jly at Com-
rany's «fflce, 421 Market Ftreet. ctrner Firat
| TV. II. AVERT. General Agent"
QceaBies.S.Co.EBff
p P. MARII^JfA, fcr Tahiti. Aug. ir». n a m
H. S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Aug. I." 11 « ni
H. P. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samon. A«ck-
land mid Triursday, Aug. 27, 2 p m
U. tr CllkLLi & BiXo.CC., Asts.. Icte I KtstMa Kirirta '
. fnfct!CQc«.32S ivtaSL.fcr le. 7. Paafic tl
COKriGKIS CEXEEALS TSAHSATLAXTIQSi '
i/lRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS.
iiaJliag every Tfauraday. instead of .jf ior"! .
f-ttutCey. at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. --iPiZGSg '
iiorth Htver. Joot'cf Morton *treet. ; <~.
Flrft-cla»a to Havre. $70 and upward. See-
ci.d-clafs to Havre. (15 and upward. GEN-
KRAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 22 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New Tcrk. J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast
Ar<»nts. S Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Ticket* told br all Railroad Ticket Agents.
2£ar« ZsI&bA 'and Vallejo Steunero.
t-te*a:er GEN. FKISBIK or MONTICEI.LO—
P:45 • in.. 3:15 and 6:80 p. tn.. txrept Sunday.
fcutday. »:4i a. tn.. S:M p. m. Selves Vallejo.
7 £.. ex.. 12:30 noon, a p. in., ex. Sunday, .un-
4Jay. 7 a. tn.. 4:1S p. tn. Fere, U) cents, lei.
Main IS03. ' Pitr 2. Mifdoa-st. dock. HATCH
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave ami are due to »rri ve h*
SAN FKASCWCO.-
Otaln Line. Foot of Marfcet Street > -
LBATI — FlOM AB9O.T 1. 1:108. — *»»!?»
7 00 * • Bcnlcla, SaUuij. Klmlraand Sacra-
ment> 72sT
7.C0a VacsTille. Winters. Humsoy 7 2of
7-50a Martinez. S*a Ritinuii. Vallejo.
' Nupa. CaM't^K*. Santa Rot* 6-25P
j 7. 30a Vlle». Livertaure. Latbrop. Stoci-
8 00a Dans. Woodland. Knich:. 1 " I.*n<itD«r.
llarTsvllle. OroTllle. fconnecta
at llarysvllle lor Grtdley, Biggs
undChi-ot.. «Z'I5*
800a Atlantic Kxpres»— O-^iIrn «nd E.«*t. 10-254
I 8X0a Fort Oota. M»rtin»r.. Antlocb. i:> •
ron.Tr«cy.StoclcsoD,S«cT»inento,
Loa i:uno?. Mcndota, Hanforl.
Vtsnlln. rortrrvllle »» 4.281'
8X0* fort Contn. Martlaez. Trn.ry. Lath- JSm
riT>, Mi'desio. Merged. Fresno.
Oo»hen Junction. Uanforcl, VI-
MI1.-V nakersap'.J 5-2S»
820* Sb»*tJ» Eiprc»»— DitvU. wnilamt
(for ItertletC Springs). Willows.
+Krnti>. Ued KlufT. Portl<in<l 755^
833* Slles. San Jorc Llrrnnorf. Stock-
Tnn.lon!'.Sicmr.ifnto.l'li»rcrville.
M»ry*Tllle. Chlco. lied Ulnff 4.25*
830* Oakdale. Ch!iir«e. Jamestown, SO- •
Horn. Tu.,linr.ne and Antrel. 4 ZSr
800a Msirtlne* aod VTay Station* ..55-
10C0* Vallejo 122a/
i 10.00a El **a*o Possensrr. Eastbound.—
Port Costa, Martinez. Byron,
Tracy, Lathi-op. Stocktou,
Mcrcert. KnymonJ. Frrtno, Hao-
fonl. Vlsftllm Bakersfleld. Loa
Anseles nn<\ El Pmo. (West-
bound arrives TlaCoai-t Line)... #1-3CF
10 00a Tbe Overland Limited — Ogdf a.
Dcnrer. Omaha, Chicago 825?
12C0b Hayward. Kile* and Wny Station*. 3.25?
tl.00* fiiicr«m«-ntoHtver Slender* tll-COP
33Cr Bentcla. Winter*. fiacrnmento.
'Wuodlsnd. Wtlliama. Cotnn*. Wil-
lows, Kotfcbts Landing. Marya-
tllle. OrorJlic aad way stations.. 10-59*.
S-SOv Hajward.NllM(indW»jr 8»tlon».. /Sor
4.C0r Marttnei.6ani;ainon,Valle]o,Xapa,
Callitoga. Santa Ko»» ... 8'25*
400? MartlBe«.Tracy.Lathrop.SU)ckton. 10.29a
400r Nile*. LlTermore. Siocktoa. Lodl.. 4.25F
4 JOp Hayward. Nllea. Irvlngton. San I .J8.B5*.
Jo«<». LlTermore. f J11.55A
50C^ The Owl Mmlted— Fretno. Tnlare,
Balertlleld, Lot Anselcn; con-
necU at Baoffua for Santa Bar-
bara. 8.55a
5 C0p Port Co»t*. Tracy. Btockton. Loa
Daooa 12-2SF
15 30r Hayward, Xlles and San Jose 7.25a
6 OOp Hsy ward, Nile* and San Jo«e 10254
BCOr Orlczit.il Vail — Osden. DeuTer,
Omaha. St. Loala. Chicago and
Kast. (Carries Pullman Car pas-
sengers only oat of San Fran-
cisco. Tourist ear and coacn
pasteofrers take 7.00 r. x. train
to Keao, cuntlnniau thence la
their cars 6 r.K.trala eastward.. 4 2S>
'Westbound, Sunset Limited.—
From New- York. Chicago. Krw
Orleans, El Pmo. Loa Angelet.
Trnno, Berenda, Raymond (from
*¦¦ — Tt»einrte>, 7*Brttnes. - /irrtreu. . 8 23-4
7.C0P Saa Pablo. Port Costa, Marttaes
and Y,'*j Stations. 11.25a
J7.C0p Vallejo 7^5?
7 OOp Port cost*. Benicla, Sulsan, Davis,
Sacramento, Trackee, Reno.
' (stops at all stations east of
Sacramento 7-65a
8X5r Oregon ft California E«pre»a— Sac-
ramento, MarysTllle. Reddtag,
Portland, Puget Soand and East. 8-534
!9.10r Bay ward, Mies and Saa Jote (Sun-
day only ) til 53 a
11.25r Port Costa, Tracy. Luthrop. Mo-
art to. Merced. Iiaymond (to Vo-
Semite), Fresno, Hanford, Vt
aalla. Baterslleld 12 2S»
COAST LINE farrow ti*ag«).
(Koot of Uarltet Street.)
37-45 a Santa Cruz Excursion (Sunday
only) t8-10v
8.1 5 a JTewark. Center vine. Saa Joae,
Felton. Boalaer Creek. Santa
Crox and TV ay Stattoat 8 25*
t2*16r Newark. Centerrllle, Saa Jose,
New Almaden. Los GatocFelton,
Boulder Creek. Santa Crui and
Principal Way Stations 10-SSa
4.1Sp Newark. San Jose. Loa Gatos and
way stations (on Saturday and
- Sunday runs through to Santa
Cruz: Monday only from Santa
Cruz). Connects at Feltoa to -- '•'«' ,
and from Boulder Creek t8-88»
HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN * HA* CISCO. Foot of Market St <SUp*»
— fi:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. 100 300 515 t.m
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — tt:0O ti-.al
t8:0a 10:00 a.m. 1200 200 400 rx
COAST LI N E (Broad UaH^U
Of" (Third and fownnend Streets.)
0.10a San Jose and Way Stations 7.30r
?7 00 a Saa Jose and Way Stations . B-30r
/8.00a New Almadea (Tnes., Frld.) /4.10»
17.15a Monterey and Saata Crux Excar-
slon (Sunday only).: :33tt»
800 a CoaitMne Limited— Stops only Saa
Jos«,Gllroy.Hollli>ter,PaJaro.Cas-
troTiiie. Salinas. San Ardo, Paso
RoMes. Santa Marsrarl ta, Saa Lu!a
Obltpn.(prlncip<il stations the nee)
Santa B*rbara,Sauguo and Los An-
geles. Connection at CastroTlII*
to and from Monterey and Pacific
Grove and at Pajaro north bound
from Capltola and SantaCrus.... 10-45*
8X0a San Jose. Trea Plnos, Capltola,
SaataCrnz,Pa<:lflcnroTe,Sa!tnas,
/ San Luis Oblspo and Principal
Intermediate Station* 4.10*
TVerthound El Paso Passenger. —
From Cbicagrn. El Paao. Loa An-
•in *n „ K |e ». Santa Barbara. ArrtTes.. 1-30*
IOJBa San Jose and Way Stations... 1.£fly
11.00a Cemetery Passenger— South Saa
,, __ Francisco, Saa Bruno 1.C5»
ll.JUA San Jote, Los Uatoa aad Way Sta-
, _._ tlons.. 6-58*
¦l-gD' Saa Jose and Way Stations x7.0Or
|5°Z Ean Jose and W»y Stations {3-40a
£.. AST Cemetery Passenger — south fan
.,,-_ Franctico. Saa Brnno 4.35*
T -J-LUr Del Monte Express— Santa Clara. »
Ean Jo*e. Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Grove (eonnecU ac Santa
Clara, for Sanu Cruz. B° nI<Jer ,,, ,-
. --, Creek and Narrow Gauar Points) '1215*
••iOr Borllotrame. San Mateo, Kfdwood.
Menlo Park. Palo Altc Mayfleld.
Mountain View. Lawrence. Santa
Clara, San Jose, Ullroy (connec-
tion for Bolllster. Tres Plnos).
Pajaro <eoDnectlon for Watson-
¦vine, Capltola and Santa Cruz),
Pacific Grove and way station*.
Connects at Casjroville for S>>
Haas 10.45*
.4-30P SaaJosVind way'statioat. .... 8-38a
16X0* San Jose, (via Santa Clara) Los
Gatos. Wright »ad Principal W«y
Stations • f9-00A
15 30i- 6anJo«eandPr!r.clpalWayStatlon» t800*
t6.16* ban jiateo.Berrsford.Belmont.Saa
Carlos. Bf<l wf>o<1 ' Fa lr Oak*.
Menlo PsrS. Palo Alto t84SA
B.30* San Joie and «¦ »y Stations 6 38a
7 XCr Sunset Limited. Kastttound.— San
Luis Obtsp<>. Santa Rarttara, Los
Ancele^. l ! «nlng. El P»»o, Sew
Orleans. Sew York. (Westbound
aiTivtr»T:aS-nJc*oulnV*llry)... w8.7?»
S.COr Palo Alto an>lWay Stations 10 15*
• 1V3CF Millbrae. l'alo Alto and Way Sta-
tions • 19.45?
0 11.30* Millbrae. San Jose trnl W«y Ma-
A for Morning-. P fur Alleruuuu.
X Saturday and Sunday only.
{ Stops at all stations on Suaday.
t Sunday exerted. : Sunday oa!y.
a Saturda7 only.
d Connect!) atGoshen Jc. with trains for Haaforl
Vlsalla. Al f retno. for Vlnall.i via Sanssr.
« Via Coast Line. / Tuesday and Friday.
m Arrive via Nlle». n Dally except Saturday.
i wVia Ssn Joanotn Valley.
I * Stops Santa Clara couth bound only. Connects.
exrept Sunday, tor all putnt* Narrow Gaus*.
tSyOnly train* Mopping »t Valencia St. ai uthbound
are 6:W a.m^ lt:0O a.m.. 2:3> r.si. and «:30 r.J»-
WEEl^CALL
16 Pa^es. §1 pep Year
• BAIL WAT IBAVEL: _
LOW To Points
o_^. East and Back,
SIQITS Aug. 18^25, 26.
\ The North Western 5 [
Union Pacific Excursions I
/ afford unusual opportunities forTan 3
j economical and satisfactory journej^^ to \
vlllwagUtbe£dol S
j Excursions Every Day 2
Personally conducted parties leave I
San Francisco every Wednesday, I
Thursday, Friday and Saturday. | ;
Leave Los Angeles one day earlier. 1
Choice of routes. I
For full Information apply to or address 3
R. R. RITCHIE, S. F. BOOTH, 1
Oreral Age&t, Ceni Agent Pass'r Dept^ M
Chicago & North-Western Ry. Union Pacific R. R. ¦?
6 1 7 Market St. No. 1 Montgomery St. R
! I SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.' B
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN EY. CO.
L.BSSEB
SAN FRANCISCO ANU NORTH PACIFIC
EAILWAT COUFAST.
Tiburon Ferry, Toot of Market St.
SAN PEANCISCO TO SAW EAPAEI.
WfiEKDATS — 7:30. 8:00. »:0O, 11:00 a. m. :
12:35, 2:30. 3:40, 5:10,- 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
P. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00, 0:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
2:;«>. 3:40, 5:10, 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SA1T EAFAEL TO SA2T TEANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:05. 6:5O. 7:35. 7:50, 0:20.
> 11:10 a. m.; 12:50, »2;00, 3:40, o:0".», 5:20,
6:25 p. m. \
Saturdays— Extra. triD at 1 :45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35. 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:45.
3:40, 4:50, 5:CO. 5:20. 6:10. 6:25 p. m.
•Except Saturdays.
L»av* I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. I May 3, 1903. [San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destma- I Sun- | Week
. Days. I days. I tion. | days. | Days.
7 :.1O a 7 :45 a 7 :45 a
7:30 a 8:<K>a v 8:40 a 8:40a
8:00 a 0:30 a Isnacio. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:;«)p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p r>:10p 6:2i>p 7:25 p
I K 7:25 p
7:3Oa 7:30 a 7:45 a 7:45a
S:0Oa 8:00 a Novato. IO:2<) a 10:20 a
2;30p 9:30 a Petaluma. 6:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
- -. 5:10 p Santa Rosa. |
7:30 a 7?30a |10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a R;00a . Fulton. '[ 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p | 7:25 p
I Windsor. [
7:30 al 7:30 a Healdsburgr. 10:20allO:20a
. I Lytton. . )
2:30p!2:30p Gcyservill«. 7:25pf7:25p
I Cloverdale. |
7:.V>aj 7:30 al Ilopland. 110:20 a 10:20 a
2:30p| 2:30 p| and Ukiah. | 7:25 p 7:25 p
"l :30 a|JT :30a| WUlltg. • | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
"8:nOal~S:00~a["caoip Vacation. 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| '- Ouernevllie. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I 8:40 al 8:40 a
r>:10p| B:10p| Glen'Ellen. | 6:00 p| 6:20 p
~77r,Oa| 7::i0a~l |10:t:0 a|10:20a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebastopol. ( 7:25 pj 6:20 p
STAGES • connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln. at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs: at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark
West Sprint:?: at Lytton for Lytton Springs;
at Geyserville for Skajrars Springs: at Clover-
dale for the Geysers.' Roonevllle and " Green-
wood; at 'Ilopland for Duncan Springs. High-
land Springs, Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs.
Sml-i Bay Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs,
Blue Lakes. Laurel Pell Lake. Witter Springs.
Upper Lake.' Porno. Potter Valley. John Day's.
Riverside. Llorly's. Bucknelfs. Sanhedrin
Heights. Hullville. Orr's Hot Springs, Half-
way House Comrtche, Camp Stevens, Hop-
kins Mendocino City, Fort Bragg. Westport.
Uaal: !at Wllllts for Fort Bragg. Westport.
Sherwood, Cahto, Covelo, Laytonvllie. Cnm-
mings. Bell's Springs.' Harris. Olsen's,* Dyer,
Gartervllle, Pepperwood, Scotia and Eureka,
Saturday' to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half-rates. •
Ticket office. 650 .Market street. Chronlcla
buiMln;.
H C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pas. Agt.
¦CAZADERO, ETC.
via Saus&lito Ferry
'WEEK DAYS — (Holidays excepted) — 6:45.
t*7:45, 8:45, 9:45, 11 a. m.. 12:20. *1:45, 3:10.
4:15. |5:15, 'tttlS. 6:45. 9. 11:45 p. m.
7:45 a. m. train week days does not run to
Mill Valley. . f .'
SUNDAYS AND . LEGAL -HOLIDAYS— 7,
f8. t*0. t'10. 11. tll:30 a. m.. tl2::M> t*l:30.
2:35. *3: 50, G. fi. 7:30. 1), 11:43 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln. Those
marked <t) to Fairfax, except 5:15 p. m. Satur-
days.? On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train runs
to Fairfax.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week Oays— 5:25. t«i:25. 7:40. 8:15. JS»:35.
11:05 a. m.. 12:30, 2:20. J3: 45. 4:50. 8:30. 6:15.
10:20 r^ rn.
SUNDAYS— 6:15, 7:35. t8:lO. 0:40. ;1O:55,
Jll:45-a. : m.. 12:50. 2:30. J3:25. 4:W. {5.30.
6:55. 7:35, 10:20 p. m.
Trains ¦ marked (t> start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FR "vl
CISCO— Week days— 5:45. 6:40. 7:45 8-»5
9:45. -11:10 a.-ra.; 12:40, 2:45,-4:15.-8:10 7 : 05*
10:40 r. i-. . -
¦ SUNDAYS— 6:05. 7 :K).',10, 11:10 a. m l^-OS
1:05; 2:40, <$A\ 4:55. 6:05. .7:10. 10:10 pTm
, . .i THROUGH TRAINS. P
7:45 a. m., week days— Cazadero and way
stations.
. 5:15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Torr,ales and way stations.
3:15 p. m., Saturdays— Cazadero and way
stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays-^S a. m C&za-
dero and way ttatlons.
Sundays and I.oiral Holidays — 10 a. m. Point
Reyes and way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— «2S Market ¦•.
FERUY— Foot of Market at. .Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honey.
NEW FRUIT— Apricots, 6%@9c for Royals
and 9@10c»for. Moorparks; Evaporated Apples.
6%«?6%e; Peaches,, 4%07c for fair to good
stock; Pears, nominal at 7c.
OLD". FRUIT — Evaporated Apples. 4@5%c:
sun-dried.. 3®4c; Peaches. 4©5%c; Pears, ;4©
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, $106^®! 0S%; new Shipping and
2 , p. m. . Session.
Open. ' High. ¦' Low.' Close.
December ..$1 48% *1 48% , «1 48% $1 4S%
BARLEY— As In the case of wheat, buyers
aro paying more in the interior than on this
market. Prices here stand about the same.
.. Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$149 $149 $1 48% $1 4S%
California Club. $1 46®l 6p: California
White Australian, $160©l 62%; Northern
Club, $1 45: Northern Blue Stem, $1 65; Ore
eon Valley, fl 52%.
FUTURES.
' Session 9 to 11:30 a. m." •
WHEAT— Foreign futures were lower. There
was no news from abroad worthy of note.-
Chicago was about lc higher, and reported
farmers' offerings light and the milling de
mand rood. Reports from the spring wheat
crop were more favorable..
In this market both cash grain and futures
remained about the same. ' The cash quota
tions continue below what buyers, are paying
In the country. California continues by far
the highest market in the world to-day, but
San Francisco Is the lowest market in the
SUte " CASH WHEAT.
fphcat and Other Grains.
THURSDAY. Auj. 0—3:30 p. ia.
Bid. Ask. [ BM.Ank.
Alpha ..* OS 11 Justic* 13 15
Alta 05 07|Kentuck 03 04
Andes 09 lmLady Wash.. — Oh
Belcher 43 45Mexican 135 140
Best * Belch.1 90 1 92 Occidental ... 35-30
Bullion ,05 00 l>phir 1 75 1 «O
C C & Va...l 65 1 eo.Overman .... 26 2S
Challenge :... 45 49,Potost 20 22
Chollar 21 23 Savage 21 23
Confidence ...1 20 1 SO Scorpion 04 08
C New York. 1* 20 Seg Belcher.. 14 IC
Crown Point.. 21 23 Sierra Nevada 62 63
Exchequer... 02 03 St Louis...,. IS —
Eureka Con... — 45 Syndicate — e« •
Gould A Cur.. 44 43,Utah 34 35
Hale & Norc. 55 5i|Lnlon 94 93
Imperial 03 Oil Yellow Jacket Tl 73
Julia 03 04|
TONOPAH MINES.
Eid.Ask., BkLAsk.
Colehan *7 — j Rescue 11 12
Esperanza ... 05 06,Ton Belm't.l 90 1 »7H
E U i a 25 — Ton A Cal... 38 —
Gipsy Queen.. 26 —Ton Fraction. — TS
Gold Mt Con. 08 — Ton Gt West. — 08
Lucky Tom C. — 15lTon of Nev..,7 00 * Oo
MacNamara . 20 25jTon N Star... — SO
Mtzpah 1° — ; Ton Midway.. — 5O
Mont Tcn..l 02% 1 10 Ton A 8 Lake 41 49
N York Ton.. • 08 — Ton U N Co.. 18 —
Paymaster ... — 20 Utopia — M
Pine Grove... 50 —I
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid Ask
4s qr 'coup... 109)4110'* <* q c (new). 134 Vi 133 u
4r. qr reg l(«i«il!OV,!Ca qr coup. ..106H1O7&
MISCELLANEOUS. -V
Ala A W 5s. — . — Do 68 — 114
Bay CPC 0». — 105'^ Do.con 6s.' — . 105
)' C G 4 E 5» - — O W C g 5s. — 100
Cal G & E g •. Oceanic SC5s_. —
m and ct 5s — 100 Om CRCs.. — 128
Cal-st C 6s. . — - — P»e G Imp 4s 05 ' 100
CC Wat 5s.. 100 — P B Ry 5s.. 100 —
I d L & P 6s. — — P A C R 6s. — 105
K Cl R 6s.. 116% — P & O R 6s. — _
Geary-st R 5s 40 60 ,Powell-st 6s.llCU
H C&S 6^8.102^ — S E G&R 5s. — 103V
H C & S 5s. 95 — PF & SJV 5s.ll9*4 —
Hon R T 5s — • 10S S R of C 6s.llO4112U
L A Elec 5s. — — S P of A 6s .
L A Ry 5s.. 112^4 — »1JK)J» 107U108?i
L A L Co 6s. — — (1910) ....108 — *
Do gtd.6a. — — 6 P of C 6s
Do gtd 6s. 106 — (1905)Sr A.103»i —
LAP lem 58.103^1044 (19C5)Sr B. — ' 105U
Mkt-st C 6s. — 122^ (1906) ....107 —
Do lem 6s. 117 — (1912) ....117U —
N R of C 68.106% — S P C lCgSa.l20H
N R C(ofC)5s — 120\i Do stmpd.lOTVi —
N P C RR 5s — 100HS P B R 6s. — 140
N C Ry 5s.. — 114% 6 V Wat 6s. 107 —
N C P 5s... — 100%l Do 4s 2dm. — 100
NSR6s — 101 I Do 4s 8dm. — 100
O G L H 5s.H0 — Btkn G&E 6a. 97H —
O T 6s.:... — 112%U G&E 58.106 107
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa. 57 61 I Port Costal. 64 66!?
Marin Co.... 60% — tPpring Val.. 82% —
GAS AND ELECTRIC
Cent L & P. '.— 5 Sac E G&R. 39 —
Equit Gas.... 4% 5 S F G & E.. 66% —
Mutual EL 12 13 SP Gas..... 3 S%
Pac G Imp.. 52 52*4 Stkn G & K. 5 —
Pac L Co... 55% SGWJU G * E.... 34VJ —
UNITED STATES BONDS.
THURSDAY. Aug. 6—2 p. m.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
Silver was slightly lower. '
Sterling Exchange, sixty day*.. — 1,4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight _ 4 86 ',4
Sterling Exchange, cables _ 4 87V4
New York Exchange, sight. ... — 71.
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Silver, per ounce. — 54^
Mexican Dollars, nominal .... — 42
Exchange and Bullion.
Weather Report.
<120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 6—5 p. m.
The «-xports of Flour from Han Franci*co
by sea, during the month of July were as fol
lows:
To — BarrrK Values.
China 2«.541 $M 324
Japan 11.411 42.RV8
Korea 7« :r.'5
Hawaiian Islands B.«S? 25.847
'Tahiti fc .... 2.29*; P.«w;8
Samcan Islands ".... 32 :i:
Mexico L3CT ."..'20
Central America 9.7r> a7.O;«3
Colombia 1.690 5.8B6
Ecuador 1,775 «.7I!»
»Vru 250 848
.CMle 170 C54
The exports in July. 19C2 were 71.C63 brr
rvls. valued at 1230,347. As will be seen, the
i-rice p«r barrel «u much higher last month
than in July, 1302. The short crop and the
consequent bigh ;-:<•.. of the raw grain caused
« n ad vane* ar.d the export demand received a
• hr-ck. The large shipments to the Orient
were due chiefly to the recently reduced freight
Flour Exports in July.
Northern Wheat' Market.
OREGON,
PORTLAND. Aug. 6.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
70f78c; bluestem. 79i3S2c: valley, 79®S0e.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Aug. C— Wheat— Little doing and
prices unchanged. Bluestem, H-c; club, 78c.
Sales on the San Francisco- and Tonopah
Mining Exchange for the week ending August
5 were £0,4:<o share*, valued at $22,336.
Ex-dividend yesterday: Imperial . Oil Com
pany. 2'V per share, amounting to $20,000.
Thirty-three Oil Company, 10c per share
amounting tf> $10,000. . . . ,. .
The Presidio and I Ferries Railroad Company
has declared a regular monthly dividend of 2O
cents per share, payable- August 15.. ' ¦¦ >
The California 'Schuetzen Club -Park and
Building Association has declared a dividend
of 25 cents per share, payable August 20.
On the morning session ' of the Bond Ex
change Alaska Tackers was still higher at
$143. anil Spring Valley Water was firmer at
$$2 2*>MH2 37 Vj. Gas and Electric waa weaker
at $CSi2tf7 37 Vj. The market continued quiet.
The oil stocks were still Inactive.
In the afternoon Gas and Electric was lower
at $«7 50«<T7. and Spring Valley Water, was
firmer at $S2 73.
¦- SEATTLE. Aug. 6.— Clearing, SS22.006;
balances. $177,20fi.
TACOMA. Aug. (!.— Clearings. $.-,00,060; bal
ances;' JSS.SW.
PORTLAND. Aug. 6.— Clearings, $670,355;
balance*. $75,319.
SPOKANE, Aug. 6. — Clcaring3, $290,610;
balances. $33,320.
Northern Business.
The movement In call money did not affect
the late strength in stocks. The trade reports
on iron and steel gave prominence to the dif
ficulty of financing new undertakings on ac
count of the money and securities market sit
uation and cited cases of postponement of de
liveries and even cancellation of orders. Pas
¦eoxer raU disturbances In the West" and
NEW YORK, Aug. 6.— Wall street emerged
to-day from Its gloom, which still clouded the
situation during the early hours of the trading
in stocks, and an effective rally in prices wac
produced. The day closed with an animated
buying movement in progress and with tho
prices on the active list from 1 to over 3
points above last night. During the period of
early weakness there were numerous declines
of from 1 to 2 piints. breaking through pre
vious low levels of the year. The early wtak
ness was not universal, many stocks showing
good resistance and reflecting determined sup
port by means of confident twijrins; on tne part
Of the market manitcers for stocks. Ther*
»a* acute ueakn»*s tfter the opening, which
•¦enfrd upen Missouri Pacific. Atchison. Balti
more arid Ohio. This seemed -to be a contin
uation of yesterday's liquidation and the elop
ing out of '.ollateral in loans. The weak spots
In the market, of which the above etockx were
the rnoei notable, kept the tone unsettled and
r.ervou*. The eagernfja shown for the an
nouncement, which was made in a conspicuous
manner, that all *heets had safely passed the
St-jrk Exchange Oaring-house and the evident
relief after the announcement, showed clearly
that fears had b«ien felt that further failures
would re»ult from the. Mrained condition of af
f a ir*-. After the Oeartng-house sheets had
gone through there was a relaxation in the
wiling pressure and indications that liquida
tion of a more urgent character had spent its
courw. The stability of parts of the market
which were supported by large banking inter
ests arrceted the rapid Fhrinkage In collat
eral which arou*ed *uch acute uneasiness yes
terday. The market gradually strengthened
during the latter part of the day and became
quite buoyant at the last, lt may be accepted
as a matter of course that covering of short
contracts by provisional traders played an
important i>art Jn the recovery, as this class
of operators would not desist from putting out
short sales ss long as the decline in prices
continued. Thf mere fact of the turn in the
tide of the market also gave rise to a flood of
rumors intended to explain the change in sen
timent. The favorite rumor was that a coali
tion has been formed among the most powerful
capitalists in the country to buy all stocks
that were offered and to lend freely to the
distressed interests in the market. This rumor
presented so pleasing a prospect that every
body who gave credence to lt was disposed to
buy stocks to the extent of his ability. The
professional trader* short of the market were
of course foremost In this eagerness. As a
mstter of fact there Is reason to believe that
an exchange of views on the situation among
important capitalists has- disclosed an agree
ment of opinion as to the advisability of avoid
ing the further selling out of collateral as far
as possible. But the lenders In the stock mar
ket show considerable variation in the policy
pursued in this matter, as was disclosed by
further dosing out of collateral this morning
There wa* as little in the news of the day to
account for the rally as there has been for the
recent heavy decline. Liquidation in grain
and cotton was supposed to h* induced to nome
extent by the threatening situation In Wall
street and the rise In the call loan rate to 4
per cent this afternoon was said to be due In
part to the cancellation of some loans In cot
ton. '
New York Stock Market.
BT. LOUIS.' Aus. 0.— Wool, quiet, steady.
Medium srados comblns and flotlilnjr. 1S<{j22c;
light fine NJiftlftc; heavy fine, 12O15c; tub
washed. 20fl-29%c.
St. Louis Wool Market.
Most descriptions under this head were in
free supply and market conditions showed lie—
tin change from the previous report. The
rlvor boats arrived a little behind schedule
tlmo and brought large cargoes of Pears,
Peaches and Apples, chiefly low-grade -stock.
Business on the wharf was brisk, but the ma
jority of dealers reported a dull market along
the street. The canners were working al
most exclusively on Bartlett Pears and pur
chHsed sparingly of Plums and Apricots. No.
1 Bartlett . Pears continued rather scarce ami
desirable lot* readily commanded the top quo
tations In the afternoon. Owing to this short
age of fancy fruit, there was a better mpve
m«nt In lower grade offerings. Apples and
Peaches w*r<» In heavy supply and only fancy
shipping *tuck commanded tho maximum quo
tations. Highly colored Gravenstein 'Apples
packed In 4-lier boxes, sold for shipping at $1
per box, but It was difficult to obtain over
75c for the common run. Figs, Plums and
Nectarines were steady under continued light
receipts. All kinds of Melons arrived^ freely
from several sections, and although the warm,
sunny wenther stimulated the demand some
what, prices showed but little change. At
tractive lots of Berries continued to sell read
ily at good prices. A - small \ portion
of th«> receipts came to hand in poor order
and were sold below the quoted rates. Only
one chest, of Longworth Strawberries was re
ceived.
Citrus and tropical fruits were dull and
featureless.
STRAWBERRIES—?, per chest for Long
worlh.s and $:> r«( "-tj r» for the larger varieties.
RASPBKRKIES— HQ~ per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— ?2 50<f?4 per chest. v
HUCKLEBERRIES— SQ'Jc per Ib/
APPLES — 60c©$l per box for choice and fan
cy and :>54T5Oc for common:, Crabapples, 25040c
for *mal! boxes nnd WWeTw for large.
PEARS— Bartletts. 85c5?l for wrapped; large
open boxes, 90c@$l 25 for No. 1 and 23@10c for
No. 2; to canners. $20^40 person; Dearborn
Seedlings 50<3COc for large open boxes.
FIGS — 85c®$l for small boxes and $2 for
PLUMS — 5O@75ciper crate and 30@*0c per
box; large open boxes, 60@75c; to canners, $15
fr20* per ton. •
NECTARINES — 50iQ75c per box or crate.
APRH'OTS — 40350c for small boxes and CO©
75c for large; to canners. $15<g20 per ton.
: PEACHES— 2ri@50c for small boxes and 40®
70c for lnrge: baskets from the river. 2O@40c.
MELONS— Cantaloupes. T.VfiiJl 25 for small
crates and $1 50S2 for large crates from Win
ters and the river; Nutmeg Melons, 4O@75c per
box or crate; Watermelons.' f6(R2O per hundred.
GRAPES — Fontalnebleau. , 60«S60c per box or
crate; Seedless. 75c«tl 15 per box or crate;
other varieties, 75c©$l per box or crate.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. $1 50®
2 60 per box: Seedlings. $181 25; Valencias.
SI 5Oft3; St. Michaels. $2®3: Mediterranean
Sweets, $1 25(51 60; Lemons. 50c@*2 50: Grape
Fruit. $101 25; Mexican Limes, $4@4 50; Ba
nanas. $1 60<g2 50 per bunch for Central Amer
ican and 75c®?l 50 fok Hawaiian; Pineapples.
fl 60®2 60 per doxen. -
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
I EASTERN MARKETS.
Flour, qr sks... 8,0SS;Oats, ctls 1.0S0
Flnur. qr sks. .. 20. W» ! Shorts. s ks 207
Wheat, ctls 3,270 Feed, sks 21
Barley, ctls .... 5,225 Tallow, ctls 2(j'S
Beans, sks 80 Pelts, No 440
Potatoes, sks ... 6,370 Hides. No 470
Onions, ska 700 Quicksilver, flsks. 67"
Bran, sks 190 Leather. tdIIs ... 162
Middlings, sks .. 267! Wine, gals 25,300
Hay. tons 921jLlme. bbls 317
Wool, bales .... 1541
WASHINGTON.
THURSDAY. AUGUST 6.
Receipts of Produce.
"Hops are very backtranl. and the great
amount of cloudiness during (he week has be/>?»
«n unfavorable factor in the advancement of
this crop. Potatoes and gardens continue
thrifty and premising. Corn needs mere
warmth and sunshine. The blight previously
repart;»<l ae affecting field or.ions continues to
reread elcwly.
"Prunes are beginning to color and tarl>
¦ ;•.'.'* are ripe. A few correspondents *r*"port
Italian prune* as dropping badly, ani that the
yields will be Ws than anticipated, l'earc
are doing splendidly, ani a heavy crop ie ex-
I'tcted. Apples continue <3oir.g well.''
"The grain harvest is new well under way
ir. all »ectlons of the Ftate, and the yeilds are
reported good as to Quality, but below the av
erage in quantity.
The report of Edward A. Beals, Section Di
rector. United Etates Weather Bureau, for the
Oregon Crcp Eulletin for the week ended Au
fU5t 4, ie as follows:
"The pact ueek ha* tw»*n dry anf cool. In
the western 6t-ction nearly every mining was
cloudy, and in the coast counties the cloudiness
was almost continuous, which BTioutly Inter
fered with hsying. The hay crcp is now near
ly all secured, and the yields are estimated to
l>e slightly below th* average. In Southern
'"•r^gen and In the Grand Ror.de Valley come
cf the deficiency has been made up by cutting
gra-.n for hay. The second crcp of alfalfa Is
now being harvested in a few localities. Cor
reepon<i«>Titi In Polk and Jackson counties re
l?ort gra*fhcppers unueually numerous In the
el'-ver 'else.
Oregon Crop Bulletin.
CHICAGO, Aug. 6.— CATTLE— Receipts.
90CO. Good to prime steers, $5 20*95 60: poor
to medium, $3 C5Q4 00; Btockers and feeders,
$2 5C(g'4 35: cows. $1 00<54 50; heifers, $2@4 75;
canners. *1 50«T2 65; bulls, ?2'54 25: calve*.
$•-• 50ig6 25: Texas fed steers, $3 50@4 75;
Western steers, $3 5004 SO,
t HOGS— Receipts to-day. 24,C*X>: to-morrow.
20,000; left over, 3S00; 5«jl0c lower. Mixed
and butchers, $4 O.')«a.r» U5; gond to oholec heavy,
$5 2'.<f?5 50; roujh heavy, 4 654*5 25: light,
$5 .1505 70; bulk of sales, $3 ir.if/5 40.
SHEEP— Receipt*. . ROGO. Shren and lambs
steady. Good to choice wethers. $:; 5f»t?«: fair
to choice mixed. $2 r<0^3 .">0: Western sheop
U 2503 95: native lambs, $3 23T/0; Western
lambs, ?Dif/5 75.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
Cheese is the interesting article under
this head at the moment. Stocks are large and
dealers are offering freely at . 12%c, which Is
the top of the market except for an occasional
extra fine brand, which has a special custom.
The demand is slow and dealers complain that
they cannot move the goods.
Eggs and Butter are stationary and steady,
with stocks down to a point where they occa
sion dealers no anxiety. But the demand is
nothing extra.
Receipts were 51,200 lbs Butter, 759 cases
EggJ and 34,000 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. 24c; dairy. 22>£>923c;
Store Bvtter. 17fi2Oc: Kaftern, 22ti22%c.
CHEESE— New. 12@l2Hc; Young America.
13U<914»ic; Eastern, 15'4gl6c; Western. .14®
15c"per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 27%«2.Sc for large white se
lected and 25?j27c for good to choice; store, 18
®24c; Eastern, 18®21c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Hollister — Apricot drying about completed,
fruit of hich grade.
Palermo — No change in fruit conditions.
Colusa — Grapes drying fast; plum drying
j now en.
Livermore — Grapes about two weeks late in
ripening.
Santa Maria — Cool mornings and no fog; un
changed crop conditions.
King City — Threshing and harvesting about
completed.
Clowrdale — Peaches excellent quality, but
thin crop.
Stockton — Grain harvest on island practically
ever. a
Hanford — First dried peaches being deliv
ered; prospects of a large grape, crop.
Napa — Pears ripening, good crops.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Section Director.
Morning Session.
100 Andes ... .... 09[ 100 Overman .... 27
100O Andes 10j 900 Potoat 23
100 Best & Belch.1 0O; 300 Potost 24
600 Chollar ..\... 23! 500 Savage 2-1
200 Chollar 24 900 8corplon 06
100 Con Cal & V.I 65 300 Sierra Nev... US
400 Con N Y 21 10O Sierra Ner... B9
100 Crown Point. 25 1400 Union 1 0O
500 Gould & Cur. 48 j 200 Utah 37
|10O Mexican 1 45 600 Yellow Jack.. 74
400 Ophlr 1 90
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes C9\ 20O Opbir 170
400 Con Cal & V.I 55 1200 Overman .... 27
40O Con Cal & V.I 50 ! 200 Potosl 2t»
100 Confidence ...1 25 140O Savag* 22
ICO Chollar 20 1000 Scorpian .... 05
50O Chollar 21 i 100 Sierra Ner... «n
900 Crown Point. 22 200 Sierra Ner... 62
SfiO Gould & Cur. 42. 10O Silver Hi!!... 7*
10O Hale & Nor.. 55 100 Silver Hill... 79
17,100 Imperial ... 04 400 Union 93
200 Mexican 1 3<> 800 Union 94
200 Mexican 1 33 4 Co Utah 33
100 Ophir 1 75'
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHjANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
"Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
20O Belcher 44- 100 Mexican 1 45
300 Bullion 05 100 Mexican . .1 4TU
600 Challenge Con 47 10O Mexican 1 4o
20O Challenge Con 43 200 Ophir 1 87H
2f>0 Chollar 23 200 Potosl 24
5CO Con Cal * V.I 65 300 Savage 23
200 Con New York 21 200 Savage 23
600 Con New York 13 200 Sierra N«v... 60
200 Crown Point. 21 400 Sierra N«v. .. «K
600 Kentuck 04 500 Union Cos.... 93
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 43 10O Ophlr ... ...170
200 Chollar 2»1 300 Overman .... 27
100 Con Cal & V.I 50 300 Savage 23
600 Con Imperial. 05 200 Sierra Ner... 62
500 Con Imperial. 0* 200 Union Cen... 9«
10OO Gould & Cur. 45 200 Union Con... 9.1
200 Mexican 1 3(H 200 Union Con... M
200. Mexican 1 35 300 Utah 34
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on th» San - Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morntnz Session.
2500 EsperaazA; •• 06] 50<k. Too & C*I... 27
ICO MacNWnara.M 2Oi 500 Tow & Cat..'., JW
100 N l*Toii..;.." O7f 20O v TbnN Star..'.- »t
S0O Ton "£"Cal.:. SSi 200 Ton N Star... 50
Afternoon Session.
E0OO Esperanaa ... 06! 600 Ton * Cal... 38
10O Rescue 12 300 Ton N Star... 50
100 T Belmont.l 92%|
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mining Stocks.
- Wheat — Sept. Oct. Dec.
Opening « 4% 6 4 6 4»4
Closing 6 4% 6 4 G iVi.
PARIS.
Wheat — Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening .'. 23 20 22 25
Closing 23 10 22 20
Flour —
Opening 31 50 30 00
Closing 3140 29 05
LIVERPOOL.
Foreign Futures.
On the Produce Exchmange to-day the butter
market was steady. Creamery. 14f31S%c; dairy.
16mil7>6c. Eggs, steady at mark, cases in
cluded. Il!gl3c. Cheese, easier, 10®ll%c.
Poultry was particularly fine large
young stock, and although receipts were lib
eral, prices were maintained. Western Hens
were well cleaned up and the local article
moved off better in consequence. A car of
Western was reported close at band and sched
uled for to-day's, market. A few sacks of
Game came in and met with, prompt sale at
the previously quoted rates.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, nominal; Geese,
per pair, $1 25©1 60; Goellngs. $1 25@1 50;
Ducks, Wai per dozen for old and $3 50<34 50
for young; Hens, $485; young Roosters, $6@S;
old Roosters, $4 CO^S; Fryers, tiiii 50; Broil
ers. $3 5004 for large and $2 50@3 for small;
Pigeons, $1 50 per dozen for old and $1 50@l 75
for Squabs.
GAME— Rabbits. $1 25«1 75 per dozen; Hare.
$1 50; Wild Doves, $1®1 25 per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flcur. barrels 27.600 14.900
Wheat, bushels 83,700 23.400
Corn, bushels ...103,000 - 15H.90O
Oats, bushels 171,100 99,300
Ry*.. bushels 3,800 000
Barley, bushels 500 1.000
2 2 s? - 2 <
JS "-i? 9 ". <* c i : 2.
= 3-2 s» » o 5.— t ~
STATIONS. |§ |B [= T P r
c c 2 g • :
3 3 &i : • •
Cloverdale 103 50 ... Clear
Colusa S»5 57 ... Clear
Eureka SS 54 ... Cloudy N 12
Fresno 10U 60 ... Clear NW C
Hanferd 5*7 53 ... Clear ... ...
HoIUster 9« 44 Clear ,:.--
Independence .. U4 €2 ... Clear 6E 10
King City 100 42 ... Clear
Livermore IW -W> ... Clear ... ...
Los Angeles.... 8« 54 ... Clear W 10
Napa 8<i 4» ... Clear SW
Newman 105 T>4 ... Clear ... ...
Palermo 101 50 ... Clear S
Portervllle 9S 55 ... Clear
Red Bluff 102 «4 ... Clear S Lt
Riverside US 54 ... Clear
Sacramento tni 56 ... Clear N Lt
San Diego 74 to* ... Clear K W 6
Kan Francisco.. 70 4-S ... Clear W 32
San Jose SS « ... Clear
S. L. Obi*po... W 4S ... Clear NW Lt
Santa Maria ... 75 44 ... Clear W
Santa Rosa 1>4 44 ... Clear
Stockton 91 59 ... Clear
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 69
ni^c per lb; White Lead. 6@6%c according to
quantity. ' / ... -
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb in 10O-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.75c;
Powdered. 5.«5Oo; Candy Granulated. 5.60c: Dry
Granulated, fine. 6.f>Uc; Dry Granulates, coarse,
5.50c; Fruit Granulated. 5.50c: Beet Granulat
ed (100-lb bags only). 5.40c; Confectioners' A.
6.50c; Magnolia A, 5.10c; Extra C. 5c: Golden
C. 4.00c; "D," 4.60c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrel*. 20c more; boxes, 5Oc more: 5O-lb bags,
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half-barrels.
6c; boxes, 6.25c per lb. No orders taken for
less than 75 barrels or its equlvalert.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil in cases. 20%c; Astral. 20%c:
Star. 20%c; Extra Star. 24%c; Elaine. 26%c;
Eocene 23 %c; deoderized Stove Gasoline, in
bulk. 17c; in cases. 23%c; Benzine, in bulk.
13c; in cases, 19%c; SB-degree Gasoline, in
bulk. 21c; in cases. 27%e. •>
TURPENTINE: — 73c per gallon in cases and
67c in drums and iron barrels. -I —
OIL — Linseed. 44c for boiled and 42c for raw
in barrels; cases. 5c more; Castor Oil, In cases.
No. 1. 70c; Bakers' AA. $1 10® 1 12; Lucol. 41c
for boiled and 39c for raw in barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels. 90c; cases. 95c;
China Nut. 57%@62c per gallon; purs Neats
foot in barrels. 75c; cases 80c; Sperm, pure,
70c; Whale Oil. natural white. 60©55c per gal
lon; Fish Oil. in barrels. 45c; cases. 60c; Co
coanut Oil in barrels, 5Sc for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 4.85@5c: San Quentin.
5.55c; Wool Bags. 32©35c; Fleece Twine. 7%0
8c: Cotton Fruit Bags. 6%c, 6%c and 7%c for
the three grades.
COAL — Wellington, f-9 per ton; New Wel
lington. $8; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant. $6 50;
Beaver Hill. ?5 50: Stanford. $7; Roslyn.
$7; Coos Bay. $5 50; Greta. $7; Wallsend.
$7 50; Richmond. $7 50; Cumberland, $13
in bulk and $14 25 In sacks: Welsh An
thracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump. $11 50; Cannel.
$8 50 per ton: Coke. $11 50@13 per ton In bulk
and $15 in sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$S 45 per 2000 lbs and IS 50 per ton. according
to brand. ¦" ¦ • ' "
General Merchandise.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
dull but steady; No. 2 spring wheat, 81<aS2c:
No. 3. 70<&S0c; No. 2 red, 7S'g > 79%c; No. 2
corn ' ."li'ie; No. 2 yellow, 63c; No.- 2 oats,
33% c; No. 2 white. :s.">% 1 l &36>4c; >jo. 3 white,
34Vi@3Bo: No. 2 rye, Me; fair to choice malt
ing* barley. 47353c; No. 1 flaxseed, 93c; No. 1
Northwestern. 97tec; prime timothy seed, $3 30;
mea3 r>ork. per barrel. $13 304J13 35; lard, per
100 lbs. $7 70®7 72%: short ribs sldeg (loose).
$7 e2V4«?7 8714: dry salted shoulders (boxed).
$7 5frf7 fc"2%: short cltar sides (boxed), $9 25®
8 87'^; whleky, basis of high wines. Jl 30;
clover, contract grade. J12#12 50.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
For the twenty-four hours ending 5 n. m..
12Oth meridian time, San Frar.cisco. August tt:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
Sept. (old) 79H W)% 79?i SOJi
Sept. (new).... 79% *"?» "» 80%
Dec. (new) 80% 81% SO 81%
May 82% 83% 82% 83%
Corn No. 2 —
September f>2H 52% 61U 62%
December 61% r>2% 61% 52
May ...;. 52% 62% 61% 62%
Oats No. 2 —
September W4 34>4 33% 34 H
December 35 3.1% 34J4 35%
May 37 37% 30% 37%
Mess Pork. Der bbl —
September 13 55 13 S7ii 13 40 13 47%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
September 7 siO 7 DO 7 S5 7 90
October 7 70 7 70 7 65 7 70
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— •. •-.
September 8 05 S «5 7 90 7 97>-i
October 7 87H 7 87Vi 7 75 7 82^,
Potatoes ruled firm, with the market active
under a steady Jnquiry. both locally and for
shipment to the Southweat. Strictly fancy
stock in boxes was eagerlr sought after and
sold up to $1 l»0 per ctl. Sweet Potatoes were
offering freely and prices were shaded. On
ions ruled firmer at higher prices.
Receipts of Tomatoes from the river were
moderate, and as trashy stock was cleaned
up. prices were flrme*> — consignment of
eight boxes of bay ToTtfatoes was received, but
found no buyers, owing to the greenness of
the stock. Changes in the other vegetables
were slight, supplies of all descriptions being
more than sufficient for requirement*. The
market was still badly congested with Sum
mer Squash, Cucumbers. Egg Plant and com
mon Green Peppers.
POTATOES— New White, $1@1 35 per ctl
In Backs and $1 40@l 75 in boxes, with some
fancy higher; Early Rose. T.'rffSl; Garnet
Chiles. $1S*1 15; Sweet Potatoes from the river,
2*72%C per lb.
ONIONS— 75<gR5c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. *1<91 25 per
Back; crates from Alameda. $1 25@1 75; from
Berkeley, fl 25'5l 35; Green Peas, 2H@3c per
lb; String Beans. 2(g.3c per Ib; Wax, 2g4c;
Lima Beans. 3Vi@4c per lb; Tomatoes, 4(V@-50c
for large boxes from the river; Summer
Squash, 20@3. r >c per box; Cabbage. 75c@$l per
ctl; Carrot*, 75cg'$l per sack; Cucumbers, 25©
40c per box; Garlic, 263c per lb; Gr»»" Pep
pers. 25@40c per box for Chile and 4O@6Oc for
Bell; Green Okra, 65i@T5c per box; Egg Plant,
50(ge0c per box.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
LAMBS— Spring. $2 75@3 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. 6tfc;
under 149 lbs. SU^dc; Sows. 20 per cent off;
Boars, CO per cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered lr. San Francisco, less 60
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers, 8®0c; Cows and Heifers,
7©Sc; thin Cows. 4ff5c per lb.
CALVES — t@5»4c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4c; Ewes. WS/Z\c per lb
(gross weight).
DRESSED . MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— «®7c for Steers and 5@8c per lb for
Cows.
VEAL— Large, 70Sc; small. 90«%c per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers, 8®9c; Ewes, 8©8%c per
pound.
LAMB— Spring, WBXOViC per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 8Vi©®Vic per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The local packers have reduced their bids
for Hogs to 6 Vic. but sellers are not disposed
to let go at this figure if they can help It.
The market is quiet and easy, however, with
plenty coming in to satisfy the small demand.
Meat Market.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Friday;
continued warm light northeast wind, chang
ing to brisk westerly.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
District Forecaster.
Nevada — Fair Friday; warmer.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the inter
n-.ountain region and the Northwest. The first
Sonora etorm of the year has appeared in
Northern Mexico and will probably move slowly
northwestward over Chihuahua and Arizona.
Rain Is already falling at El Paso and along
the Mexican boundary. A maximum wind ve
locity of 4fl miles per hour from the south
east is reported at El Paso. At Tuma the
wind Is from the south and blowing 16 miles
ptr hour.
The temperature has risen 10 degrees or
more in the Sacramento and San Joaquln val
leys.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. August 7:
Northern California — Fair Friday; continued
trarra weather; light northerly winds Inland;
fresh westerly winds on the coast with fog.
Southern California — Cloudy Friday; proba
bly showers in the mountains; fresh south
west winds.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
¦¦ Beans are weak and dull at the decline
noted yesterday.
BEANS— Bayos, $3 10^3 25; Pea. $3 25;
Butters. $3 25; small White, $2 75®3; large
Whiue, $2 75#3; Pink. |2 90^3; Red, *2 00®3:
Lima. |3 25@3 50; - Red Kidneys, nominal;
Blackeye, $2 C5ig2 90, per ctl; Horse Beans.
$1 25®1 35. .
¦ SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. %\ 70® 1 80; Canary,
r>li5i<jc for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape.
iy«@2^c; Timothy. 6@«%c; Hemp, 3%©3%c
per lb; Millet. 3@3%c; Broom Corn Seed. *20@
23 ter ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green. $2©2 25 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asicad.
Caribou Oil Co 85
Four Oil .... TO
Hanfonl Oil 13f» 00
Home Oil 2 85 2 00
Imperial Oil 18 00 ....
Independence Oil IB IS
Junction Oil 20 22
Kern Oil 5 00 ....
Lion Oil 05
Monte Cristo Oil B3 9rt
Monarch Oil 54 M
Oil City Petroleum 23 29
Peerless Oil 14 00 ....
Reed Crude Oil 40 41
San Joaquln Oil ............ 5 75 ....
Sterling Oil 8 08 3 10
Thirty-three Oil ........... 8 0<>
Twenty-eight Oil 3 50 4 23
Union Oil T. WOO
United Petroleum US 00
West Shore Oil 3 05 3 50
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land A Improvement.. .... 1 25
Alameda Sugar 20 00
American Biscuit 00 00 100 00
American District Tel ...... .... ....
Bay Counties Power ....
Cal Central Gas & Electric ....
California Cotton Mills S3 00
California Jockey Club 108 ft)
California Powder ....
California Shipping Co....2500 3000
Cal Title Ins A Trust 130 00 14O 00
Central Bank of Oakland 63 0O
Chutes Company 850
City and County Bank ....
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 8 12^i ....
Eastern Dynamite .... ....
Bwa Sugar Plantation .... ....
Gas Consumers' Assn .... 22 50
Honolulu Sugar .... 19 5O
London ft S F Bank (Ltd.).. .... ....
Mercantile Trust
Northern California Power.. .... 9 75
Nevada National Bank
North Shore Railroad .... 7.00
Orphenm Company .... 15 0O
Pacific States Tel A Tel 122 50
Parafflne Paint 33 CO ....
Postal Device & Imp ....
San Francisco Dry Dock... 47 00 ....
Sausallto Land & Ferry.... 16 00 ....
Sperry Flour Company .... 27 50 30 00
Standard Electric 18 0O
Truckee Electric .13 25 16 00
.Union Sugar 22 60 ....
United Gas & Electric 34 50 ....
Western Fish Company ....
OFFICIAL SALESL
Morning Session.
Board —
550 Sovereign Oil 40
300 Apollo Oil 45
50 Monte Cristo Oil DO
300 Four Oil 68
COO Four Oil 60
2 Hanford Oil : ~ 130 00
150 Monarch Oil % . 85
Afternoon Session.
Board — ¦¦*¦'¦'
1000 Lion Oil 05
100 Home Oil 2 00
100 Hom« Oil (s 90) 2 KV
105 Monte Cristo 871*
CaliforniaStock and Oil Exchange
"Hereafter the tendency of prices ought to
b»> conservatively upward for really pood stocks.
More reactions are to be exj-ected because of
further liquidation on the part of concern*
that were recently tided over. But sales of
this chararw-r car.nrt be very large after such
a thorough house-cleaning a* we have Just
parsed through. Stocks have been drifting
into ftronger hande, and no doubt tome of the
big railroad deal* which have been pending
for a year or two will be facilitated by the
recent shifting of owner*h!i> and removal of
antagonistic influence*. How much the late
depression ha* been aprravated by operations
of this sort fcy some of the biggest leaders will
never be disclosed, but the skill and fore* with
which the downward movement was conducted
— alway* eSf«-ctua!!y checked when panic threat
ened — t-tronKiy suggests that powerful interests
have- shrewdly taken artvcr.tage of recent ccn
ditior.s to further important plan*. Good
railroad securities purchased with discrimina
tion on the declines will therefore eventually
prove rrcfitable investments."
"The most satisfactory feature of the last
few .«.; ;¦ has been the easier rates for time
money. Tfcls demonstrate* reviving coafl
dence on the rart of bankers who are obliged
to anticipate the future. While the high fig
ure at which loans continue to star.d la the
weekly bank statement is a matter of concern
10 -:•.,. observers who have been anticipating
a eha.ro contraction as the re«ait vl recent
liquidation, bankers <lo not fhow any anxiety
In this resjiect. probably because they non
have their resources unusually well in hand
ar.d profitably employed. There are three far
tors accountir^ ier this high level of loans,
which are sometimes overlooked. , vi *-< l^ e
la.rge increase of b&nkir.g capital in New York,
the lar»:e amount of railroad yaper cu'Jtax.J
ln* and the increesed extent to which tig in
dustrial establishments under the trust system
row borrow in New York inktead of near tne
mills es formerly. Stock market liquidation
must aJso have etrengtatntd the bar.iti much
more than ha* yet sj-p^ered m the w«*kly
statements. Besides; these factors gold 1* now
on the way here frcm Au*tr*!ia, and ia the
present confilti-w or the European money mar
ket* ar.v emergency here »ou!d quickly start
gold Imports to thif center. The local money
market, therefore, Ss in much improved condi
tion. Very «oon cre;i <!en-.ar.<is will assert
themselves ; but the bank* ere well rr p r*'<?d
for th«e. Kr.d tte present outlook is that no
rpeclfl inccn\ enier.ee will be caused thereby.
It is quite certain that l««itimate trade will
not ruffer for want of proper financial accom
modation this summer or fall: and ei*<rulatlve
d*rnar.O are not likely to be excessive for
¦orne time to corse.
•"Now that liquidation has about run its
course it Is proper to consider future influences,
such i.e crops, penerai business, railroad earn
ings, currency Irg'.slation and political can-
I>a!gi:*. As to erepa, the o»Jtlrx-k le still for
mere than averar^ yields of wheat, corn, cot
ton, oats, hay ar.d live stock. There will be
plenty cf wheat at t-ood prices to the iarrr.er.
Cora promises a :!.0>.>0,00(.t.UW crop. Cottcn is
liktiy to jleld a normal crop and is rare of
big pric*s to the grower, which means unurual
prosperity In the South l"c>r the next twelve
month*. Th!s i* one of the rc.nrt *triking prob
abllitlee of to-day. Live *tock raisers are
«!jo anticipating a profitable season. General
business has not Una far been disturbed by
the Wall street crash. Possibly new enter
prise* will rec«i%-e eome check in consequence:
tut all advice* from the interior agree in re-
, iJ>r:'.r.g saiisfactcry conditions tnd fair pros
pect* for ar.cthe-r good *«>«*on with distributer*.
Railroad earnings continue l«.rpe and in the
great industries production has not yet outrun
oi'Biumptlon. Soil* expedient remedial action
on ::)»¦ currency <)m>;ioii le «xp>ect«>d,from the
n^xt Ccngrt-ts. fcut no important legislation en
ei'.h'r currency or tariff ivetd lie -anticipated
l-efore a Presidential election. Discussion may
develop, but real and important action reed
not be exi^cted. TTe stock market is not
likely to be disturbed by political agitation for
6f>rr<? time to ocme.
'"The crisis in Wall etr*»et appear* to have
reached its climax, and from cow on improve
ment may be reasonably expected, accompan
ied, of course, by the usual setbacks mcl
.<:•.;-. to cocvtl«>«c*nee.
The New York circular of Henry Clews
8sye:
LIQUIDATION AND THE PO
LITICAL CAMPAIGN.
GENERAL BUSINESS, CROP PROSPECTS.
Outlook for Stocks.
Phoenix 29.72 104 8* W Clear .00
Pocatello 29.92 M 50 W Clear .00
Portland 30.12 76 58 NW Clear .00
Point Reyes ..29.9-' 50 46 NW Foggy .00
Red Bluff ...29. S4 102 64 S Clear .00
Roseburg 30.06. £4 68 NW Clear .00
Sacramento ..2S.R6 08 56 ,KE Clear .00
Salt Lake ...2&.bS 90 6S NW Clear .00
San Franclsco.S9.f>2 70 4S W Clear .00
S L Ofcispo..29.92 S4 4S NW Clear .CO
San Diego ...29.90 74 64 SW Ft Cldy .00
Seattle 30.20 70 r<6 W Clear .00
Sr*>kane 30.00 84 66 SW Pt Cldy T.
Tatoosh SO. 22 5S 48 SW Pt Cldy .00
WaJla Walla. 30. 00 90 62 SW Clear .00
Winnemucca .29.8S SS 49 SW Clear .00
Tuma 29.74 102 80 6 Clear .00
HIDES AND SKINS— Calls and brands -sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 10%c; medium. &%c: light. S%c; Cow
Hides, 8Kc for heavy and S«c for light; Stags.
7c: Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal, &%c; Salted
Calf, 10c; dry Hides. 16%c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf, 18c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25930c each;
short wool. 40fi50c each; medium. 70@90c; long
wool, $1®1 50 each: Horse Hides, salt. $3 75
for large and $2 2502 50 for medium. $2 for
small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $1®1 25
for small and 60c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. 32%c; dry salted Mexican. 26c; dry
Central American. 33c. Goat Skins — Prime An
goras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium, 35c;
small. 20c. ' -^ i '
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4%G5c per lb;
No. 2. 4{?4%c; grease. 2%@3%c
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquln Lambs'. 9®
12c: Foothill. 10©12c; Middle County. ll@13c.
Quotations for spring clip are as follows: Hum
boldt and Mendocino, 18@20c; Nevada. 13315c;
Valley Oregon, fine. lS@19c; do, medium, 179
18c: do, coarse. 16@17c per lb.
HOPS— 15@17%c to growers and 17%<?20c
from dealers to brewers.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
CHICAGO. Aug. 6. — Wheat ruled rather quiet
throughout the day. Opening prices were weak
on lower cables and more favorable weather
In the Northwest, September being a shade to
%@%c lower at 79©79%c. The market con
tinued weak the first half of the session on an
entire absence of news which could be con
strued as favorable to the bulls, but toward
the noon hour there was fair buying by spec
ulators and the price again .recovered. One
of the main causes for the advance was the
good export demand at- the seaboard. Offer
ings were limited the latter ' part of the day
and this fact contributed to the. late strength.
Under these ' influences September sold up to
80% c and closed at SOVi©SO%c. a net gain of
%©%c. ' - ¦ ? '
Trading in . corn was comparatively slow
owlrg to a lack of selling pressure. The late
strength in wheat helped corn- prices and the
close was steady with September unchanged
at 62%c.
Oats sympathized somewhat with the early
weakness in wheat, but -offerings were rather
light and prices recovered without much effortl
The close was firm with September %c higher
at 34UC.
Provisions ruled weak, with considerable
selling by brokers, supposed to be acting for
local packers. September pork closed 17%c
lower, lard was off 2%c and ribs down 10
©12%c
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
Hay continues easy, with receipts still large.
Feedstu-ffs show no further change. . '"
BRAN— $24 &0&25 60 oer ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27@30 Der ton.
SHORTS — $24©25 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $23©24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26®26 60;
Jobbing, $27®27 60; Cocoanut Cake, none here;
Corn Meal, $33 50@34 50; Cracked Corn, $34®
35; Mixed Feed, $23624; Horse Beans, $30 per
HAY— Wheat. $11@13 50; Wheat and Oat,
$lC(gl2; Oat, $0@12 50; Barley. $9@11; Clover.
*s Jiii&ll; Stock. $8®9; Alfalfa, $S 50@10 60
per ton.
STRAW— 50@60c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 50 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour. $7;
Cora Meal. $3 50; extra cream do, $4 25; Oat
Groats, $4 60; Hominy, $4 25@4 CO; Buckwheat
Flour, |4 SO®* 75; Cracked Wheat $3 75; Fa
rina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 75; Rolled
Oats, bbls, $7®8 60: in sacks, $6 50®S 10;
Pearl Barley, $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 603
4 85, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, f 4 50@4 60:
Oregon and Washington. $3 90@4 20 per bbl
for family and $3 9004 40 for Bakers'.
Flour and Millstuffs.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and 10®10%c for pure: half barrels,
pure. 10%G10%c; 10-lb tins, lJ%@llc; fi-lb
tins. ll%c; 3-lb tins. U%c.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 9%c; •¦ three
half barrels. 9%c; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces.
S%c; flva tierces, 9%c per lb.
CURED , MEATS— Bacon. 12%e per lb for
heavy, 13c for . light medium, 15c for . light.
15%c for extra light, l'Vjc for sugar-cured and
18%c for extra sugar-cured; Eastern sugar
cured Hams, iS^ic; California Hams. 15%c:
Mess Beef, $11 60«@12 per bbl; extra Mess. $12@
12 50; Family. $13 50; prime Mess Pork. 119:
extra clear, $25; Mess. $20: Dry Salted Pork.
12%c; Pig Pork. $28; Pigs' Feet. $5 25; Smoked
Beef. 15c per lb.
There was no material change yesterday,
either here or in the East. Trade continues
quiet.. '•¦¦:" -. ¦ . - -
Provisions.
Lscni securities continue quiet.
-Vru- York stocks decline, but recover and close higher.
! Exchange rates unchanged. Silver slightly lower.
Wheat and Barlcx still higher in the country tlxan here.
Oats steady and R\e firm and in demand.
Corn scarce, zrith liberal shipments of Western on the zvay.
Hay easy under free receipts. Feedstuff s uncJuinged.
Beans easy and dull at the recent decline.
Cheese declining under heavy stocks.
Butter and Egs in moderate supply and unchanged.
Provisions quiet here and in the West.
Local packers again reduce their bids for Hogs.
Potatoes and Onions active and firm.
Poultry ar.d Game in good demand and unchanged.
- Fresh Fruit market continues ar// supplied.
Money — I Adventure 5%
I Tall loans 3$4 Allooesi 4%
i j"imc loans 4'aCi Amalgamate.! ... 40
Bonds— Daly West :;r
J Att-himn 4s 97 |Blnghani
I Mex Tent 4s 70 'Calumet & Hccla.420
Railroads — jOntennlal " j-Hj
Atchison ....'..... f>RH;Oopper Range..., 41":
Atchiv)n pM X'i%j')omlniir)n Coal... g'J
Ko*ton & Albany. 245 Franklin fc
! lioston Elevated.. 1"."> tele Rovale '»U
j Fitfhburg pfd J.'S Mohawk 35'j
Union Pacific 71 'i. old Dominion.... 11 '
Mt-x Central 1-i^i Osc»ola 501}
Miscellaneous — jParrot iq
American Sugar.. 113 ;<iulncy gj
Am Tel & Tel 11:>V: Santa K(> Copper.. 1
Dom Iron St S »%]Tamarack . ... 75
Oeiieral Electric. 15:1 ITrtmountain ....; SO
Mass Electric 20%jTrln!ty 5
Ma»s r.lcc pfd.... 79%|Unltc<1 Statts 17
Vnited Fruit «5 (Uteh 24
U'B Steel 1 . 21^1 Victoria • .... 3%
L T S Steel pfd.... C9%jU'lnona 7
Mining — 'Wolverine 62
LONDON CLOSING STOCK8.
?on« for money.90 l.'J-lOiN Y Central 120%
ron.i for acct 91 Norfolk & West.. 81*2
Anaconda 3% Nor & W pfd 87%"
Atchison 5S Ontario & West.. 21%
Atcnison pfd SS (Pennsylvania :... 62
Bait & Ohio SOVilRand Mines »%
Canadian Pacific. 124 Heading 23K
Che» A Ohio 2*J% P.eudlng l»t pfd.. 41
Chgo G Western. 13V» Reading 2d pfd... :J3I4
C. M-& St P U»JJ Fouthern Ry is%
De Beers 1'J^iBo Ry pfd 8*
Denver & Rio Gr. 21'/ t !t-:o Pacific 40%
D & R G Pfd 7tt Union Pacific... .. 7lii
Erie 24 K Union Pac pfd... 87
Erie 1st pfd...... «Ms US Steel .... 21%
Erie 2d pfd 48 II fi I Steel pfd 70%
illiJiPis Central... 1 30 v~ y. a bash 1SV.
Louisvl & Nash..lO2»» Wabaeh pfd Siu
Mo. Kans & Tex. 17»i
Bar silver, steady, 25%d per ounce. Money
l%ijiH P* r cent - The ratc of discount in the
open market for short bills It 2% per cent,
and for three months bills 2% per cent.
Adams Con 10: Little Chief 06
AHre IS Ontario 6 60
J!n?ece 15 Ophir ..1 75
Urunswlck Con .. 04 Phoenix OR
rom«to<~k Tunnel.. 07 Potoni 20
Con Cal & Va 1 f>5 favage 18
Horn Silver 1 (*> Kierra Nevada.. . .¦ ' fl5
Jroj« Silver 1 50 " f mall Hopes 20
Lcadvllle Con .... 02. f tandard ... 3 OO
- % - -'BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg. ..106%; Mexican Cen 4s. 70
Do coup 100% Do l»t inc.... 15«
Do 3s re«; 106%;Mlnn & St I. 4s. !>s
Do coup 106% :M K & T 4s 95%
Do new Is reg.. 134 i Do 2ds 76
Do coup 1S4U.N Y Cen *n 3%s. 95
Do old 4s reg..l00i4:N J Cen sen 68:120*:
Do coup 109>4j Northern Pac 4s. U9%
Do 5s res 101 \\ Do 3s 70%
Do coup 101%|Norf & W con 4s 97
Atchison gen 4s.. 99 j Reading gen 4s.. JM54
Do adjust 4s... 87U!St L&I M con Cs 110»i
Bait & Ohla 4s.. 100% St L & S F 4s..' 96U
Do 3%s 92 jSt L S W l.«ts... «1%
Do conv ...100%) Do 2d« 67
Can South 2ds...UW jSan A & A P 4s. 70
Central of Ga 5s. 103 • Southern Pac 4s. K5
Do 1st inc 63 (Southern Uy 5s..liisi
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO2 jTexas A- Pac lsts.114
Chi & Alton 3%s. 97 Tol St L & W 4s. 70 T 4
C B * Q n?w 4s. 8S% Union Pacific 4s. nr»*i
C M&StP cen 4s.K)«% Do conv 4s... 9.1
C & N W con 7s.l2S% Wabash 1st* 114V,
C R I & P 4s... 100 i Do 2ds ..10:Ui
CCC&St L gen 4s. 05 j r»n d^b B 55
Chi Terminal 4s. 75 'West Shor» 4s.. .10715
Colo & South 4s. 85 TV & L Erie 4s.. ««
Denver & R G 4s. !)7%iWi«con Cen 4c... R<u;
Erie prior Hen 4s. S."5% Con Tobacco 4b.. ftfi%
Do gen 4s W>% Polo Fuel Con 5s. 78 '
Ft W & D C Ists.100 Penn <-on'n'4t... «4ti
Hocking Val 4%s.lO4% Rock Island 74
Steel 2ds 78% Manhattan con 4s,100
L & N unif 4s... »S* : 4
NEW YORK MINING "STOCKS.
Total Bales OS1.000 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Aug. 6.— United Railroads of
Ban Francisco bond transactions: 5<«00 at
$75 50.
NEW YORK BONDS.
Northwest are said to be- threatening. But
the great relief felt that no further casualties
occurred in the Stock Exchange circle carried
all other considerations before it and resulted
In the violent rebound in prices. -Speculative
bonds made violent recoveries In sympathy
with stocks. The general bond market was
irrerular. Total sales, par value, $5,100,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
. NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock— • Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 60.S00 XHi 55>A 6814
Atchlson pfd 6,600 86^ 79% " - S8H
Baltimore & Ohio.. 85,300 81 77ii S0&
Bait & Ohio pfd.. 2,300 85 84Vl 85
Canadian Pacific .. 9,600 127% 120ft 121 &
Central of N J ..„ .... 156
Chesapeake &. Ohio 6.000 89% S7% 89%i
Chicago & Alton... : 1.700 -20>£ 19 20>&
Chi & Alton pfd.. 2.500 C2% 61V* 62%
Chi & Gt Western 3,600 14% .3 14
Chi & Gt W B pfd 900 28 .26% 26%
Chi & X W 2.300 159% 155 159
Chi Term & Trans 6CO 9 8% 8«1
Chi T & T pfd 900 19 17% IS-h
C. C, C & St L 2,800 70% 6«£ 69%
Colo Southern 1.600 12 11 11%
Colo So 1st fd 1,100 46t£ 45 46%
Colo So 2d pfd 2.600 18% 17 18%
Del & Hudson 3,000 157% 163 157
Del. Lack & W 225
Denver & Rio Gr. . 600 22% 22 22%
Den & R Q pfd... 1.100 73% 72 73%
Erie 46.000 25% 23% 25
Erie 1st pfd 8,800 65 63 64%
Erie 2d pfd 2,100 47 45 46%
Great North pfd 165
Hocking Valley 600 70 68% 69%
Hocking Val pfd.. 800 81 SO 81U
Illinois Central 1,000 129 126%, 129
Iowa Central 16
Iowa Central pfd .. 800 32% 31% 82%
Kans City So .... 100 19% 19% 19%
Kans City So pfd.. 600 36% ,35 30
Louis & Nash 9,600 101% 99 101%
Manhattan L 14.000 131 128% 130%
Metroplitan St Ry. 14,000 114 111 114
Missouri Pacific ... 78,300 92% SSU 02%
M, K & T 1.700 18% 16% 18%
M. K & T pfd 1,900 38 . 35% 37H
Nat RR of Mex pfd 2,000 36% 35 36
New York Central. 16.100 120% 116% 120 :
Norfolk & West... 7,300 61 58% 60%
Norf & West pfd 85
Ontario *, Western 17,800 21% 10% 21%
Pennsylvania 69.500 121% 119% 121%
P. C, C & St L 69
Reading .- 46,600 47% 44% 47%
Reading 1st ?fd 79%
Reading 2d pfd ... 400 65 65 65'
Rock Island Co ... 29,300 21% 19% 21%
Rock Island Co pfd 1,600 60 57% Mt%
St Louis & S F % 50
St L & S F l*t pf d 70
6t L & S F 2d pfd 1,300 47 44 48"
St L Southwestern 1,100 13 12 . 12%
St L S W ofd 2.700 27' 24% 27
St Paul 42,000 137% 134% 137%
St Paul Dfd 169
Southern Pacific .. 37.900 42 39% 41%
Southern Railway.. 13,000 19% 17% 19
Southern Ry pfd.. 1.700 81% 80% 80%
Texas & Pacific 1.900 22»i 20% 22
Tol. St L & W 840 18% 16% 17%
Tol.-St L & W pfd 23%
Union Pacific 80.500 71% 68% 71%
Union Pacific pfd.. 700 86% 84 84
Wabash 3.300 19U 17% 19
Wabash pfd 7.000 32% 29% 32
Wheel & Lake Erie 1.500 14% 13% 13%
Wisconsin Central. 1,900 16% 15% 16%
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 1.900 37 S5 36
Express Companies —
Adams 100 221 221 221
American 300 17S 175 175
United States l>5
Wells-Fargo 200
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper.. 24,000 40 37 3fi%
Amcr Car & Found 2,200 32 30 32
Am Car & F pfd.. 300 82 81% 82
Amer Linseed Oil.. 300 9 ," 8 0
Amer Lin Oil pfd 29
Amer Locomotive.. 3.300 17 15% 17V4
Amer Loco pfd 1.000 81 79% 81
Amer Smelt & Ref. 7,000 42% 39% 42%
Amer S & Ref pfd. 1.40O SOH 87 81Hi
Amer Sugar Ref... 12.100 113% 110 113
Anaconda MIn Co.. 3.400 6S% 60 «S%
Brklyn Rap Trans. f>.6ft'> 43*54 " 40% 43
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 1,300 44 40% • 43%
Colum & Hock Coal 200 12 11% : 11%
Consolidated Gas... 7.300 174 170% 173%
General Electric... 2.90.0 153% 150 153
International Paper 500 11 10 11
Interntl Paper pfd. 1OO fi3% 63% 64
International Pump 200 35 34% 34%
Intemtl Pump pfd 70
National Biscuit... 1,500 3fl 34% 35%
National Lead 500 13 13 13 •
North American 3,5<V) 74% 70 73
Pacific Mail 500 IS - 17 17%
Peoples Gas 7.200 93% S9T. 02%
Pressed Steel Car. 200 3fl 3fl 3S%
Pressed S Car pfd. 100 80 80 79%
Pullman Palace Car 1,200 210 2OS 210
Republic Steel 1,000 11 fl% 10%
Prised S Car pfd. S00 "60% Z9- ¦' 61 '
Rubber Goods 400 ' 1.1 12% 12%
Rubber Goods pfd.. 10O C5 fi5 <3
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 4.4ciQ 37% 83% 37VJ
U S Leather 4,000 7Vi 7 7%
V S Leather pfd... 1.000 78 75*; 78
IT S Rubber 300 9 ft% »U
U S Rubber pfd 200 34% 34 35
U S Steel 62.000 21% 20% 21%
: IT S Steel pfd 41,*0O 70 6s' fi0%
¦ Western Union 900 '82% 81% 82
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
APRICOTS — Spot apricots attract a fair de
mand for choice fruit and the undertone of
the market is firm, though prices are un
changed at S@S&c for choice and 10@12c for
fancy. "
PEACHES — Are quiet and show little fea
ture. Choice are held at 7@7%c and. fancy
at 8G10%c.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market closed
about steady at former prices i with common
quoted at 4g5Hc: prime, 5%@6c; choice, 6VI
©¦6%c; fancy, 6%^'tVtC.
PRUNES — A continued jobbing demand Is
reported* for spot prunes and values remain
steady to firm. Quotations run from 3@7c for
all grades.
COFFEE— Steady for spot. Futures closed
firm, net 10Q30 points higher. Sales were 72,
250 bags. August, 3.55c; September. 3.70®
3.80c; December, 4.15c; May. 4.65©4.75c.
SUGAR — Raw. strong. Refined, firm.
DRIED FRUITS.
WOOL— Firm
NEW YORK, Aug. 6.— FLOUR— Receipts,
28.500 barrels; exports. 11,593 barrels. Market
fairly active and firmer.
WHEAT— Receipts. 93,050 bushels. Spot,
firm: No. 2 red 84%c elevator; No. 2 red.
86 V,o t. o. b., afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth,
97%c f. o. b afloat; No. 1 Northern Manitoba,
97%c t. o. b. afloat. Options were a little ir
regular around the opening, but developed a
firm tone, which was maintained all day. The
close for spring wheat was %@%c net higher.
May 8G?i©S9c closed SSc; September closed
SSese^c; December., S5i4c.
HOPS — Firm.
HIDES— Steady
New York Grain and Produce.
TRUSTEES* CERTIFICATES* I -¦¦>
S F G & E. 65% — . J
INSTJRANCB. J .. :
Flrem's Fnd.325 — " ' />
BANK STOCKS.
Am Natl Bk.125 — Lon P * A.M5 —
Anglo-Cal ... »3% — Merch Trust. — 28ft
Bank of Cal.52t> — Merch Ex... 55 15
CSDft T..142%160 S F Nation!. — —
First Nationl — —
SAVINGS BANK3.
Ger S & L. . — 2275 ?av & L So. 93% —
Hum S & L. — — Sec S*t BW..40O BOO
Mutual Sav.. f»5 — Union T Co.2150 —
S F Sav U..60O 750
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..200 — {Presidio .... 39 0
Geary — 60 |
POWDER,
Giant ....... CO 70 /Vlgortt ..... — »%
SUGAR,
Hana P Co. lc 15c KUauea S C. — «%
Hawaiian C 44 IB Makawell C. 20 22 V»
Honokaa S C — 13 Onomea S C. 22% —
Hutch S P C 12% 133 Paauhau S C 14 V* —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.145 146 lOeeanlc S Co T T»i
Cal Fruit As— 90% Pao A F A.. 2% —
Cal Wine As 96 98 JPac C Borx.lCS —
Morning' Session.
Board—
15 Alaska Packers' Assn 145 00
' 10 California Wine Assn 9T CO
20 Paauhau S P Co 14 25 '
15 S F Gas & Electric Co «S CO
10 S F Gis A Electric Co 67 75.
25 Spring Valley Water 9S 25
5 Spring Valley Water 83 &7*4
$5000 S F & S J V bonds../ 119 73
Afternoon Session.
Board —
B5 Alaska Packers' Assn 145 00
5 Alaska Packers' Aasn 144 73
2O S F Gas A Electric Co. a M 67 5O
10 S F Gas & Electric Co..- «7 50
10 S F Gas & EUctrle Co 67 25
10 S F Gas & Electrlo Co 67 CO
5 Spring Valley Water 82 73
M8FG4E (Trustees' Cert).... 65 80
20 S F G & E (Trustees' Cert.).... 65 23
25 8 F Q A E* (Trustees* Cert.).... 65 73
Street —
10 Alaska Packers" Asm 145 0O
Open. High. Low. Close,
December ..$1 07%* $1 OSVi $1 07% $1 07%
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 07% $1 07% $1 06% $1 06ft
OATS— There Is no change' to report In any
description. Trade Is quiet and the situation
is firm.
White. $1 20@l 30: Black, $1 12%@1 20;
Bed,- $1 121401 17% for common and $1 20@
1 30 for choice; Gray, nominal.
CORN— Quotations remain about the same,
but there are between fifteen and twenty cars
on the way here from the West, which may
make some change In prices later on. Th«
market continues practically bare, there be
ing only two or three samples shown on
'Change.
California large Yellow. $1 57%«rl 62%:
small round do, $1 70@l 7o; White, $1 55@1 60;
Egyptian, $1 45@1 50 for White and $1 403
1 45 for Brown.
RYE— Rules firm at $1 17&@1 22# par ctl,
with reported sales at $1 25.
' BUCKWHEAT— $2 25©2 50 per ctl.
2 p. m. Eession.
¦; FUTURES.'
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Brewing, $112% @1 17%; Chevalier, $120®
1 40 for fair to choice. V
7%d In Mlddlesboro. Locally Iron was qui«t
nnd more or less nominal. No. 1 foundry
Northern, $17 B0®18; No. 2 do, $16 5CU17; No;
1 foundry Southern and No 1 foundry soft,
$1^75®17. .¦.-•/-'.
4%c for quarter* and 5©6%c for halves; Nec
tarines, 4@5c for white : Plums. 4J?6c for pitted
and l@l%c for unpitted; Figs. 3%@4c for black
and 4®5c for white. ' '
PRUNES— 1902 crop. 29»02%c for the four
sizes, with %@lc premium for the large sizes.
RAISINS-M.9C2 crop are quoted as follows:
2-crown loose Muscatels, 50-lb boxes. 5V«c p«r
lb; 3-crown, 5%c; 4-crown, 6c; Seedless. loo»«
Muscatels, 5c; Seedlees Sultanas. 5c; Seedless
Thompsons. 5%c; 2-crown Lonaon Layers, 20
lb boxes, fl 40 per box; 3-crown. $1 60; 4
crown fancy dusters, 20-lb boxes, |2; 2-crown
Dehesas, 20-lb boxes. 92 50: 6-crown Imperials.
20-lb boxes. $3: Seeded, f. o. b. Fresno, fancy.
1-lb cartons. 7%c; choice. 7 %c.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 12%©13c;
No. 2. 10%@ll%c; No. 1 hardshell. ll%@12c;
No. 2, 10®10%e; Almonds, llo for Nonpareils,
10%@llc Tor 1 X L, 10@l6%e for Ne Plus Ul
tra and 8®S%e for Languedoo; Peanuts, 5@7c
for Eastern; Pecans. 11013c; Cocoanuts, $4 50
©5.
HONEY — Comb. new. nominal: new water
white extracted. 5%©flc; llghl amber extract
ed, 5^5 We; dark, nominal.
BEESWAX— 270280 per lb. . x
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 7. 1903.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Municipal development of water, gas.
electricity, street railways, markets,
baths and cemeteries In Nottingham.
England, has showed an average annual
net profit of $153,000 for the last four
years.' The money Is applied to Um re
duction of taxes.
| || |f ll |f I
STATIONS. |» || $3 £§ X m
• c ? • * ®
B*k«r ....... SO. 02 *>2 B6 NW Clear .00
*'«rson 29.82 fc* 44 w dear
Rureka 30.14 ES 54 N Cloudy .00
*>e«no 29.64 100 «0 NW Clear .00
PlagFtaff . 29.64 90 54 gw Cloudy .00 '
Independence .29.84 84 C2 6E Clear .00
Lo« Angeles.. 29. 86 86 64 W Clear 00
Mt. Tamalpals2».fifl h« M jew Clear .<»
North Head ..30.22 62 66 KW Clear .08
1 r in in » mil nii»»iii| ¦rflnnfiiii f ii hi -
NEW YORK. Aug. f-— Spot tin dosed £1 5s
higher In London at £12$ 10s and futures £1
5s higher- at £124 6s. Locally tin was- also
firm and higher, closing at 128 90029 25.
Copper declined 10s for spot In London, clos
ing - at £57 for that position, while futures
were unchanged at £66 10». Locally copper
Is quiet and nominally lower,- lake being quoted
at $13ftl3 12ft. electrolytic $13 and casting at
Lead wai unchanged at $4 20 locally and at
£10 18s 9d In London.
Spelter was 2s 6d higher in London at £20
2s Od; but lower here" at $5 75® 5 77%. "
Iron closed, at 52s 3d la Glasgow and at 46s
JWtc; Forfc Metal Market.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
11THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY; AUGUST 7, 1903.
12
SAX FIlAJfCISCO CALL.
BCEDCESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Ca:i. corner Market end Third Ftreetj; open
W3T1'. J2 o'clock every nipht in the year.
CKANCH OFFICES — -27 Montgomery street,
corner Oay; open until 8:30 p. m.
800 Hayes street; open until 8:30 p. m.
638 McAllister street; open uatll 9:30 p. m.
C15 Larkln street; oi*n until »:30 p. m.
U»41 Mission rtrett; cpen until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; cpen
e: •:; 9 d. n.
JCS Eleventh etreet: open until 9 p. m.
1W>C V.lrncia rtre^t; cpen until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner cT Twenty-*eccn<l and Ken-
tucky Etr***ts; cpen ur.tll 9 p. m.
?V'"> Ti'hr.cr* ftre*t: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING aiOTlCKS.
CALiroiiNiA Con tmandery No. 1. K.
X.— Kecular as*rtuWy THIS EVEN- «p^«
ING at 7:a>> o'tlock. Order of the u*^
Ten.iHe. Ail fr»ten. courteously in- <%**
"^THOMAS H. BROWNE. Commander.
T. L. HENDERSON. Recorder.
1'ACiFlC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. «
M _las<nic Tc:npi«?— StaUd roetting^_%f
THIS EVENING. 8 o'clock. /VN
G1.ORG B PEXLI KGTON. Soc.
CROCKETT LODGE No. 139. F. & A. fi
M._ Officers and members *re notl -7OC
flf*i Ji* atitnd tho funeral of our de- /V\
i«um Ni brother HENRY FORTR1EDE.
'r<':u MasorJc Temple. FRIDAY. Aupust 7.
at 1 p. tn^ J. B, ROHERTS. W. M.
SAN" FItANCISCO Tent No. >^^(^e55^
I« K. O. T. M. — Review &S££— - --SMX
THIS (FRIDAY* EVEN- Ej-jZi Cf, W§W3
ING at 8 o'clock. Pioneer tr*JJ
Kail' 24 Fourth fit. VZtLjf VJW?*
D. B. RICHARDS. V?SP^<J»TJ_/
P.eoord Keeper. N*j__j_5r
REGULAR meeting of the Cal*don- v <V 5^.
ian club THIS EVENING at 85\Q>^7
o'clock. Scottish Hall. 117 Larkin "^Oti-S
s-t A >! MACPHER.SON. Chief. **=_?**.
JAS. H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
TJ-'K aniiuai jncetint of the Ladiex" Seaman's
Friend Society vviil 1*» held at th<? Bailor*
Home, Ma:.n and Harrison sis . on WEDNES-
DAY, A-CUtt 10. 1900. at I o'clock r. m.
MRS: Wi!. H. BARNES. Cor. S**o.
CHEAPEST sue tx-.st in America — The Weekly
tall. 16 r»pi»E, wnt to toxy address in the
I'niied States or Canada one year for $1,
T'Ct-'.zg*' paid.
AGENTS WANTKD.
J_N ftctiv* en-i inUlliKrr.t canvaescr can earn
nci le.-s th.in *2<x> l*-r month: mu>t have
good :r,>rtnces. fcecrf t;iry. room 2ul. Spreck-
els A:.::c\.
WANTED— 2 or 3 house to house canvaFsers;
gjcd fcsition for ftrst-class men. Apply at
1114 AVathir.Fton, Et.. Oakland, bet. l> and 1-
a. m.. rron 3. .. .
f2<> for |M9 copying ;c:t*rs; *teady employment.
Particulars ¦fATRRTT NOVELTY CO.. P.
<"». bos 2*53. San Ffnrtacn.
LAPTKS an^i m«>r! canvassers <^n premium books;
falary aril corrrr-iyMori. iret Mission n.
iiPABTasxurrs to let.
OOMK out ;o-iiay and MC FA M> nt«"iey. a hand-
some new brick apartment house, just com-
pleted; of old ff«u".i;h mission architecture;
locate- en the juirth eide of Pine st.. bet.
tlyde and Leai*enwort— ; equipped with every
mi^ern convrnirme tor renne<i hcusekeepiiifi :
?•lertiic t It vat ors and ? !ectr:c lights ; hot an.i
00M water; janitor servic*; pah range, <hc. ;
the aiifirtmer.tji oonsiM of thrr» and four
rocm^. furnished and unfurnished, and ranpe
In riio«» from J3r> j«er month and upward;
ppsrtmente may be engage J now on the
premises.
ASTHOLOGY.
Attrolcgy taujrht. iiorortfpes ca*i. Prof. I-liLy-
mon-i. tKQkft-re. M9 Ellis. By I—all tf c«tir«d.
ATTOItXEVS AT LAW.
ADVICE FREE— ALL LEGAL MA1TER&!
E1VORCE AND PHOBATE CASES.
No pay in advance — No cfcarge without
Success; estates, attachments, ;a.T.n;s.
R. C. ADAilS.
Room 316. third floor. Exa-nln'-r building-
RGSX. W. KING. -u>'-_.t-law. Examiner t!<3..
rm. €11; all cases, da—taices. estates, wills,
Bttachn.ects, collections, stc, cufmltatfea
tree; no advance charces; call zx wme;
eveo.npa by appointment. Tel 1> 1 8001.
PP.CUPT attention to all >-ant. divorct, estate*,
collections; co fees unless fcuccestsful; call or
• rite; eve*. Tue*. and Fri.: eet. 15 yra. ED-
WARD ACKLEY. M27 Market: tel Jessie 1530.
_£>V1CK tree — I ¦ til advance cost in meritori-
cut chftt, divorces, probate and all oiner law
cafes: no tee* in advance: open every even-
tr.f 3. M. THUK6TOS. S18 Market *t.. r. 31.
ADVICE ire*-; <J:vorce» a. t-pecialty:quick. quiet;
co chars*- without succe?i; established 13 yr».
G W. HOWE. 1122 Market et.. cpp. Hale's.
L. S CLARK. _____ fcpreckels bldp.. 827 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
A*lT_EN & AITKEN. attorneys. r». 309-10-11
Our.!* bids:.. SOH California »t. : tel. Main 727.
niltOS. DOGS. ETC.
VOCNii talking parrots. $i each ;German sinking
canaries. $2; we will try to please rou;every-
tfcinr in cur lire at rlffht price*. 1540 Market.
BDMSKSS CHANCES.
A— *12.V.; COBKEXt saloon In w-holesale dis-
trict; eMab. many years, and known as a
ftrsi-^lKt!- ravins business. See R. G.
%V1LKE. 2«' ? Kearny st.
A— f:25: ttESTAURAKT and coffee saloon, on
r<>Ft St.; rent ?•{<."; avorase daily receipts.
My a Imrgaln. K. G. W1LKE. 2«/4 Kearny.
FI«0O-^CtGAR store near Market an.i Third.
$7(*« — Cigar Ft'ire in wholesale district.
(1000 — «.Mi1 rstablifhed wood & coal business.
$11. <*«?— Ladies" turn, and art store; bargain.
OCCIDENTAL INVESTMENT AND REAL-
TY CXI.. -218 Kearny st.
$300 BUYS ravins corner saloon; good stock;
swell fixtures; safe, raeh re_-i*ier; low rent;
make «>ff'r to-daj : departure. '215 Sixth et.
FOK sai< (Jroi-ery and J>ar: o!d established
buFJTics-s: O7\n»r retiring. 1131 Howard ¦—
RESTAURANT; rurhuig business; seating &_';
reap: m< Sunday work; departure, t.oti
1-V.urth Ft.
SAVINGS bank depositor* — A gilt-edge 5 per
cent reourity In lots. Address by mail
HENKT BROCK. 731 Baker st. '
tt(M> WILL buy interest in Ior.E-e»tablished
— t_4CMM and commission bu*inesj>: lnvett-
mtr.t will lay 15%. Cox 4274, Call.
FICST-CLAS8 bowling alleys In lively bay
town lor rest. Address box 4CiS. Call.
Bl'TCHKR s^hop for sale: en corner: good lo-
c*lity: doing nice butires*. Box 4<J4S. Call.
t'2"< BL'YS payinjr ci^ir Etor» to-day; new
ttotk; barrain; register; rent $ir». 219 Third.
FIB_T*CLA£S bakery fcr tale in country
tov.n. Address Ivjx S"r., Call .ijfice, Oakland.
Hairdressm* parlors, < heap: value in sight; pooc
location; retiring. |_3 Market, bet. 7th-8th.
Oli.vnUL Macksrfilth and rhoelng ehop; guod
location. U £;-nir Bt.
OI'TFIDE rcm» No. 4 this pafer for sale.
Inquire hardware store. 19th and Folsom sts,
CLASSIFIED advtrtlFemer.tii and subscriptions
received at Call branch <jfflce. 2200 FUlmore st
A ERAXCIl office for C«ll advertisements and
subr«;rir>lion« has been established at 1086 Va-
lencia *t.
LODGIXG-HOD8I2S FOR SALES.
100 ROOMS; house fcr men; rent $140. ...$1000
f»8 rooms; south of Market: rent flCO. 2000
24 rooms; corner: part cash; bal. eary. 850
11 rooms; rood income; rent 420 350
21 rocm«: water front; rent $40; lease. «50
120 rooms; rood lease: low rent C500
r.7 rtrs.: apartments;\Vestern Add; rent. 2&0
Money leaned at 1 per cent.
Hotel*.. ros<2houses, flats. 5 to 100 rooms
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Keirny st.
MARIAN GRIFFIN, rm. 406. Examiner bldg.—
Hotels. Apartment Houses. Flats and
RCOMING HOfSES. A BIG FRFTE LIST.
CAKPKT-nKATIM; ASD CLKA.VIXC.
A1K. cwnpreesed. dry. Ice ould. is now univer-
sally used in sanitarily cleaning carpets, en
flcor. without removal or Injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply S. T. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANIVG CO.. Call big. ; phone Main f.5.17.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
rend for SPAT'I.DTNG'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing TVorkg. 355-357 Tehiima Bt. ; tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero *t., tel. Mission 49.
TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating;
trsttrerspn made over. 14.'?2 Howard :South 216
AliVjlN''K Cart*1 Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.-
fl. Main r»4 OFO fffirnM « CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beatinjr works; prices
reasonable. 170.1 Harrlfcn *t. ; tel. Mission 263
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet -beating Works.
T<*! r,filflcn Otte yv .; t»i«r.hone Kurt 12B
CIIIKOPODISTS.
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE 60 Geary— All
sllroetits of «he feet /-ured: corns. bunions.«tc
COLLECTION OFFICES.
ADVICE free; bad tenants ejected epeedlly. CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY.. r. 83, 316 Market;
t»l. Red C18: collections; gren'l law business.
BAD tenants ejected for $*: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
00.. 413 Montgomery, room* 0-10: teL 55S0.
HELP WANTED— MAtE^- Con. _
MURRAY & READY] ~ C
634-636 Clay st. Phone Main 5818.
BUSINESS 7 A. M. UNTIL. 10 P. M.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Our offlce half block long; 14 clerks employed
By our own printing plant we publish a
free bulletin of labor nightly; ready for dis-
tribution 7 a. m.; also noon and evening
editions. Get one. - - ¦
THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS.
We Know No Distinction Between Man and
Man. .
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME
1902 We Gave ! 1903 We'll Give
45.000 Men Work. 60,000 Men Work.
We ship you Free to one.
Free to-day. Free to all.
Ogden. Ulah, All parts Nevada,
Los Angeles County. Santa Barbara.
Chatsworth Park, Hawaiian Islands,
Santa Susana, Oregon.
San Fernando, Washington.
Los Angeles County. Central America,
Arizona, Wllllts. Uklah,
And All Points North. East, South,
Including Ogden, Utah.
Carpenters and helpers, pile drivers, fence
builders, drillers, single, double and machine
corner and bench hands, muckers, chuck
tenders, car dumpers, teamsters, laborers,
track men. cooks, waiters, blacksmiths, etc,
$5. $4. $3 50. $3, $2 50, $2 day.
Free fare. Freo fare. Free fare.
Everybody talking. Thousands going.
Are you? Are you? Are you?
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
MECHANICAL HELP.
68 blacksmiths. $3.
8 helpers, $2; 12 bench hands, $3 50.
9 carpenters, $3 to $4.
Carriage makers, $4.
12 coopers, lie barrel.
9 brick molders, $3 50: iron worker, country.
155 other mechanics, $3 to $6 day.
MURRAY & READY. 684-636 Clay st.
153 Coal Miners. r Oregon. Free Far_
155 Coal Miners. Oregon. Going Free.
Free Fare— 55 Men "WilHts-Uklah To-day.
MURRAY & READY, 034-636 Clay St. _
BOYS. " BOYS. BOYS!
12 boys for a box factory; fare $5; $32 80 and
found. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
BIG SHASTA LUMBER
LUMBER TRUST SHASTA TRU3T
15 laborers, general work, you'll suit, $72 60.
2 screw setters, $105.
2 off bearers, $82 50.
10 cross-cutters for woods work. $60 and fd.
25 laborers to pile lumber $82 60,
SPECIAL FARE. $5; STEADY. ' Good Jobs.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
S5,fi00,000 BANKING SYNDICATE^
25 men among fruits, etc., fare $1. $2t{ fd.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
$1 TO BUTTE— $1. CHICa
26 teamsters, laborers and axmen, $75.
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay st,
WHERE ARE" THEY?
86 LUMBER TRUSTS AND SYNDICATES.
LOCATED IN FOUR STATES.
MANAGERS HERE. TWO TERRITORIES.
FREE— FARE— FREE.
095 laborers, no experience wanted, $33 to $70
and found.
186 experienced mill and yard men. $10 to
$150 and found.
3S3 woodsmen, $40 to $150 and found.
Stickermen. Tallymen.
Spool tenders. Machinists.
Buckers. trackmen. Hue pullers
Blacksmiths, wood turners, barkers, car
loaders.
Tree fellers. Jackscrewers.
Log loaders. Shingle sawyers.
Dolbeer loggers. Carriage setters.
Swampers and trimmers. Gang edcermen.
Saw fliers.
Pond men,, band sawyers, carriage doggers,
sorters, graders and peelers, chain tenders,
shingle packers, also Jointers chute build-
ers. $40, $50. $e0. $70, $S0, $90, $100 to $150
month and found.
3SC woodchoppers. tlemakers, shingle, post,
picket and box bolt makers; tools and pro-
visions found.
BIG L MURRAY & READY,
TRUSTS. 634 -63o Clay st.
NEW RAILROAD WORK. ~~
155 Italians. FREB FARE.
133 Greeks. FREE FARE.
155 Austrians. ' FREE FARE.
Board yourselves; managers at our offlce;
see them.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
GOLD— SILVER! '
COPPER— COAL.
SPECIAL.
10 machine miners, large gold mining com-
pany, $90.
ISO miners, single and double hand; machine
men, muckers, tlmbermen, furnace men, etc.,
$t>«, $S5 and $75 and found.
•ISO laborers, no experience required. $60, $75.
Fares from $1 50 )o $0; many managers- at
our offlce. ; - :
TUNNELS— QUARRIES. '
156 drillers, hammersmen, laborers, $00, $75
and $C0.
For stables — 12 men, $C0 to $75.
For farms — 123 men, $30. $35. $40 and found.
For orchards — 210 men. $23. $3o and found.
For dairies— r,5 men, $30. 535. $to and found.
For chords— - "0 men and boys. $30, $23, $20,
$15 and found.
For hay, harvest — 63 men. $1 50, $2, $2 50
day and found.
36 fruit pickers, $26 and found.
look:
36 teamsters, city, $22 week, $2 to $2 50 day.
655 laborers, country. $2, $2 50 a day.
Coachmen, gardeners, private choremen.
MARRIKD HELP WANTED.
18 men end wives for mines, ranches, dairies,
hotels, sawmills, etc., $40, $50, $«(?, $70, $S0
and found.
MURRAY & READY, G34-636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ETC.
37 cook*, all over California. $30. $80 $75,
$f0. $50, $40, $35 and found, for hotels,
mines, sawmills, camps, ranches, cafes, res-
taurants, saloons, harvest outfits, etc.; crisp
maker, $10; porter, city store. $40; second
cook, mine,~$40; also waiter, $30; steward,
$50 and found.
18 waiters, $35. $40. $30 and found.
30 pot and dish washers, $35. $30. $20 and fd.
18 bell and rlevator boys, porters, bedmak-
ctb, $30 to $15 and found.
C butchers, $40. SUIO. $tf0. $30 and found.
12 laundrym^n. all classes, $1S week up.
6 bakers' helpers, $55. $40. $30 and found.
12 boys, learn ¦ trades.
We riubllsh a free bulletin of labor dally,
containing 10,000 positions; get one.
MURRAY & READY,
C34-636 Clay st.
CARPENTERS. CARPENTERS.
B5 carpenters, bridge, new work. $97 50.
Al«o 12 men to carry lumber and help them,
$67 50.
FREE FARE.
MURRAY fc READY. 604-G.ifi Clay st.
GENERAL MANAGER
At our offlce to-day from Big Lumber Trust.
TUOLUMNE COUNTY. FARE PAID.
23 laborers for mills, woods, etc.. $60. $18
off for board, etc.
MURRAY & READY. 634-63(5 Clay st.
OREGON— FARE PAID TO~-DAY.~ ~~
25 woods and sawmill men. ' '
SANTA BARBARA. /
25 Italians free fare.
LOOK, $1— THAT'S ALL.
684 men for extra and section work of S. P.
own work.
FREE FARE.
Ship on all trains. Better go. had you not?
MURRAY & READY. C31-C36 Clay st.
SPECIAL ON MIDNIGHT
MAIL, PHONE AND TELEGRAPH.
Baker, city institution. $40 and found.
6 laborers, board yourselves, 10c fare. $2 25
day.
2 laborers to run car, mtne..$l 40 day found.
4 men about threshing outfit, fare $1 50, $40
pnd found.
Hedmaker. porter, bellboy, city hotel, $ 20 and
found up.
Butcher. Sonoma County. $35 and found.
Butcher, all-around man, fare $3, $40 found.
SPECIAL.
Bartender. German, country hotel, dofs here.
$40 fd. ; also yard man, same place. $23 and
found; 2 carriage setters, boss here, $2 75 day
and board.
Blacksmith, Alturas, fare paid, $3 50 day.
3 furnace men for mine, $3 fare, $75.
Awayer. old mine, boss nere. BIG SALARY.
Buttermakcr, also milker, north, $40 and $30
and found.
4 laborers, manufacturing 'company, fare 30c,
$flo. 1
Man run boring machine or crosscut saw- ;
ypr, $2. " I
Two waiters, same hotel, fare $2, $30 found.
¦ 2 • teamsters. 2 horses, haul straw, fare $1,
$30 and found.
Potwasher, also silver man, city cafe, $30 and
found.
Man and wife. -ranch, boss here, $40 found.
SPECIALLY GOOD.
10 teamsters, 10c fare, $40 and found.
« laborers, factory, board yourselves. $2 day.
Cook, hotel, mine town. $50 and found.
2 ¦ hog butchers, $2 to $2 50 day; shop
butcher, $45 and found.
Man and wife." both waiters, country, $55 fd.
Wood turner, city mill. $3 to $3 50 day.
' Cook,- also dishwasher. Nevada, $80 found.
Sheepherder. $30; milker. Slskiyou County,
?¦'!."> and found; fare paid.
Cook. 12 men. ranch. $30 and found; 15 fruit
pickers, $30 and found.
5 ground men for telegraph company, free
fare. $35. board and bed.
German' or Scandinavian, handle ice, city,
$2 day up.
Cook, boarding-house, mine town, boss here.
$75 and found.
3 car men for mine, extra good Job, $60.
LOOK.
15 laborers about warehouse, fare $1, $3 day.
-Plumbers' helper, little experience. ; city, $3
- day up. * 4 %
Janitor and watchman, city building. #10
and room. $XSS32P*m£p>i
Sandstone quarryman, boss here, J3 day up.
BEST WAGES AT MURRAY & READY,
1, BEST PLACES AT 631-C3G Cla.v _c
HELP WASTED FEMAIE— Con.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Hello Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Waitress, first-class summer resort $25
2 waitresses, first-class commercial hotel. $20
10 waitresses, city and country ....$20, $25
2 chambermaids to wait, city $22 50
4 girls to pick berries $5 week
Pastry cook, city 535
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Cooks, housegirls, nursegirls, second girls,
'city and country, best of wages paid.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 429 Bush st.
A— 3 NURSES, institution; mental cases: see
party here; $30. room, board and washing.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 429 Bush st.
GIRLS FOR FACTORY WORK; OOOD
WAGES; PAID WHILE LEARNING;
STEADY EMPLOYMENT; EXPERIENCE
NOT NECESSARY; APPLY AT ONCE.
AMES Ik HARRIS.
100 SACRAMENTO ST.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
and canning; steady work; highest wages.
Apply California Canneries Co.. Brannan
St.. between Third and Fourth.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'d
FACTORIES. 32 IJ FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WANTED — Experienced operators on wrappers
and ladies' muslin underwear In factory;
home work given. MARKS BRPS., 1220
Market st. '
WHOLESALE house desires a wide awake
woman to travel; position permanent. Box
4CS2. Call offlce.
GIRLS to Uarn millinery now for fall season;
trade .taught from start to finish in one month
for $5: -positions guaranteed at $10 week up.
Eve. School only. 143 Stockton St., rm. 13.
OPERATORS ON SHIRTS AND OVERALLS.
STANDARD FACTORY. CORNER GOUGH
AND GROVE STS.
EXPERIENCED salesladies; steady position
for right parties; apply between 8 and U.
THE GAMOSSI. 101 Post St.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for cooking and house,
work; wages $20; good home. Villa Mira-
mar. Ocean boulevard.
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
to travel. Apply Girls' Directory. Central
ave. and Waller st.
WANTED — Lady as business agent; stout pre-
f erred; good salary. Box 4640. Call.
GIRLS to learn millinery. $10; easy payments;
evening school only. Box 4939, Call.
TAILORESS as pants finisher and apprentice.
iVi Kearny st.. room 17, _ top fleor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offie« for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia et.
HEl'P WANTED MALE.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59 Third st.. nr. Call bldg.'; phone Bush 403.
FREE FARE— FREE FARE.
We ship daily; 8. P. Co.'s Own Work.
490 section hands, all part* of California.
Bakertifiold. Fresno, Sacramento and many
other points.
FREE FARE— FREE FARE.
EVERY DAY.
CHATSWORTH PARK— FREE FARE.
10 tunnHmen. $3 a day.
10 drillers and muckers. $2 25 a day.
¦ 15 laborer*, near city, $2.
10 drillers, $2 25.
BUTTE COUNTY— CHICO.
50 teamsters and rockmen, $2 50 day.
50 laborers and axmen, $2 25 day.
COAL MINERS.
FREE FARE— OREGON.
25 miners. $1 a ton.
12 laborers, >1 K0 a day and board.
2 carriage setters, sawmill, $65 and found.
Edgerman. $¥0 and board.
__ CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third st.
2 LABORERS about a mine. $2 a day; 3 farm-/
ers and wives. $40. $50 and $55 and found;
German to assist gardener. $50; foreman for
fruit ranch, $40 and found; stableman and
drlvor for institution. $30 an-:l found; 2
••horcmen for country. $15 and $25 and found:
milker, Santa Barbara County, $30 and
found: chore boy, 1 private family, $15 and-
found; 2 sheep herders, $30 and found; 50
laborers for quarries and mines, $1 50 day
and board and $2 to $2 50 day; 10 miners,
$2 50 and $3 day; 8 woodchoppers tor mine,
$1 50 cord; carpenter?, $3 day: and many
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sac-
ramento st.
WANTED — 2 farmers and wives, $50; see boss
at this offlce to-day. J. F. CROSETT &
__CO., 331 Sutter st. £
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
• Dishwasher. $30; porter, $25; hou"seman, $25.
WANTED — Young man who is experienced
domestic salesman.'- Apply between 9 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Experienced drapery salesman.
Apply between 0 and 11 a. ra. at HALE
BROS.' _
A GOOD underprcsser on vests; a steady po-
sition to an experienced person; also a young
man to learn underpressing. Apply S. N.
WOOD CO.. 27 Geary St. ¦ '..- »:¦
CASH boya wanted. Apply S. .,. WOOD A
CO.. 740 Market st.
PICK HOPS— Reduced rate tickets now on sale;
parties leave daily, beginning August 10; crop
heavy, picking easy. Call or write E. CLEM-
ENS HORST CO.. 122 Battery St., S. F.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 per
> pair, foot-form shoes at $2 60. or orthopedic
shoes, $3 60; beat shoes on earth. 11 Third
et.. Examiner building, 6 doors from Market.
WANTED — A good salesman ; one who under-
derstands pictures preferred. SANBORN,
VAIL & CO.. 741 Market st.
$150 — BARBER shoo; must be sold: owner
threre 10 years;' average $100 month; rvnt $8.
WINSltQHQ. MURRAY _ CO.. 75 Third st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third st., 1 Examiner bldg.
BOY wanted about 17 years old. DECKEL-
MAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
WANTED — Cash boys at STRAUSS &^KOH-
MAN. 107 and 100. Post st.
WANTED— Bright, neat cash boys. Apply su-
perlntendent'g offlce. The Emporium.
ASSISTANT bookkeeper for wholesale house;
references required. Box 4986, Call. .
WANTED — A man to work in fruit store. 1315
Stocktons st. ,
WANTED to rtnt or run barber shop in coun-
try. JOE, 11^ Eighth st.
MAN bedmaker wanted at New Adelaide, 611
Howard st.' <
WANTED — Two barbers, steady, at Russ
House. 217 Montgomery st.
BUSHELMAN wanted. S. MICHAEL. 117
Leldesdorff «=t. '_ , •
EXPERIENCED plumber's (boy) helper. H.
HUFSCHMIDT. C23 Golden Gate ave.
DISHWASHER wanted. C13 Clay st.
i DISHWASHER; first-class man wanted. Res-
taurant. 206 McAllister st.
THREE laborers, pick and shovel ; 14th ave.
and N st.. south; take Kentucky-st. cars.-.
COATMAKER for country. REISS BROS. &
-¦• CO., 24 Sutter gt. _.~ ¦
EXPERIENCED stock' clerks for ' wholesale
millinery. HOLM . & NATHAN. 512 MafKet.
NURSE or man with some medical experience;
good opportunity. Address box 4980, Call.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
JOBBING carpenter will work reasonable if
given stoauy employment; union man. Box
49S7. Call.
WINEMAKER.! perfect in all branohes. 20
years' experience, best references, wants
situation. Box 4978, Call. • :
EXPERIENCED man wants position to drive
wagon: bakery wagon preferred: 6 years in
last place. Address M. F.. 639 McAllister.
AN up-to-dafe landscape gardener and artlstto
florist, rustic wood and cement and rock
worker wants permanent position; married;
no children; German, 33 years old; best of
references. Box 4645. Call. '
MECHANICAL engineer, university graduate,
age 28, 5 years' experience in drawing room,
seeks immediate engagement in or near San
Francisco. Box 4(541. Call.
STEWARD— Position wanted by a good all-
round man in hotel or club; the best of
Eastern and California references. Address
H. BEMIS, 3215 Laguna st^
ACTIVE young man, recently from Switzer-
land wishes work of any kind. . Box N.,
465.1. Call office^ '
BRIGHT onergetlc young man desires repre-
sent reliable firm "in outside capacity; ref-
erences. Box 4634, Call.
YOITNG man with excellent references and ex-
perience wants position as clerk In hotel or
rooming-house. Box 4649, Call.
STUDENT wants work, night and morning, for
board and room; Christian family; time to
study. Box 4979. Call.
CLERICAL situation desired by young man
with experience in offlce of wholesale grocery
house. Address Box 42S5, Call.
JAPANESE man and wife would like situa-
tion to do general housework. M. FRANK,
1909 Fillmore st. ______
CLASSIFIED ndverusrments and subscriptions
• received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for -C_ll advertisements and
FUbscrlptions has been established at 109U
Valencia St. '
~~~ FINANCIAL.
BANK OF CALIFORNIA NEW STOCK.
Option for sale. , Fifty shares or more.
J. S. EWEN.
Stockbroker,
< Telephone Main 1552.) 318 Pln« Bt.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stock
and bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
told: stock accepted for services. Set.d for
Pacific fetates Investor. PACIFIC STATE3
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post.
FLATS TO LET.
HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list; ser-
vice absolutely free; take advantage of this
department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 243-250 Geary
St., on the square.
A SUNNY corner upper 6-room flat, basement;
half block from Market et.. within 13 min-
utes' ride of Golden Oate Park; Castro and
Elghteenth-st. cars. S943 Seventeenth et.
COTTAGE of 4 sunny rooms tind yard. 132
Rose ave.. bet. Gough and Octavla, nr. Mkt.
NICE 7-room flat: new; tinted; sunny, reason-
able. 447 Broderick st.. bet. Hayes and Fell.
NEW upper corner flat. 7 rooms and bath.
20S Church St., one block from Market.
PIERCE, 250 — ?i-room French flat, with bath;
sunny; take Haight-st. cars.
VAN NESS and Union— 7 and S rooms; sunny,
modern and up to date; marine view. .
$35 — BUNNY corner; 6 rooms and bath. 218
Van Ncsa ave.
NICE 7-roem flat: newly tinted: sunny; reason-
able. 447 Brorierlck st., bet. Hayes and Fell.
LIBERTY, 221, near Dolores — Flat of 5 rooms;
bath, cheap rent.
1 NEW upper flat and large attic. 2707 Twenty-
first fit. ¦*-'¦>-.:-¦
TO if t— Flat of four rooms; 1897 O'Farrell.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st.
FUKMTliRE FOK SALE.
$75 — GARLAND upright piano, carpets, stove,
dishes, furniture, milch goat and brooder for
sale. 2i»2O Point Lobes ave.
FL'KNITUKE WANTED:
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission, phone Red 44«2,
"buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
I "7 IIELP 'WANTED FEMALE.
WANTED — Lunch cook. ?7 week: 2 cooks, $35,
no wash, city; cook, small hctel, near
Benicia, $"¦">; laundress, $25, plain work,
hotel, Vallejo; chambermaid and waitress,
$25; waitress, hotel, Vallejo, $30; 3 second
Kirls. $20, $2o: working housekeeper, $20, no
objection woman one child, country, see
boss office, 10 o'clock; hou«eglrl, 2 family,
no waiting, Rosa Valley, $.'J0; 2 nurse girls,
$20. $25; kitchen helper, $25, eleep home; :{
housegirls, Berkeley, $25; French nurse girl,
$25; cook for Eureka. $30; housework, Ala-
meda. $30; kitchen helper, also waitress, for
a home, $25 each; 55 house girlc, city, $20,
¥25 $;!0. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
334 Sutter st.
, WANTED — Hairdresser for country; short dis-
tance; $10 week; steady place; call to-day.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
A GIRL for cooking and housework, 2 In fam-
ily, city, S25; a nurse for Infant and help
wTlh one other grown child, $30: second girl,
two in family, Sausallto, $20; 40 housework
girls, city and country. $20 to $3'»." MISS
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter, near Powell.
I HAIRDRESSING, manicuring, massage, hair
work; remr.va. of superfluous hair taught
from A to Z In 2 weeks for $4 50; positions
guH.-anteed; $10 to $20 per week; school day
and eve. 233 Geary r. 13; maids prepared.
A — LADIES, learn all branches halrdressuig
trade; manicuring, mas&age, etc.; 1236 Mar-
ket Ft., cur. June?, room 94: positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
employment; day and piece work; highest
wages. CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO..
Bryant and Tenth. " . *
*£,; '
A YOUNG woman as checker In restaurant;
must have some knowledge of shorthand; no
fee. Call 9 a. ra. to 12 m.. Restaurant
Keepers' Association, 6 Eddy st., room 46.
PICK HOPS — Reduced rate tickets now on sale;
parties leave dally, beginning August lOf crop
heavy; picking easy. Call or write E. CLEM-
ENS HORS^CO.. 122 Battery St.. S. F,-
WANTED — Millinery apprentices with some
experience. Apply superintendent's offlce,
The Emoorium.
FIRST-CLASS sewers ladles' waists, tennis
goods, etc. ; work sent or car fare paid. H.
FRIEDLANDER. 338 Fell st.
WANTED — Bodice and sleeve hand; none but
experienced need apply.._ Dressmaking de-
partment. White House.
NEAT young girl for general housework and
cooking; good wages. Apply 2110 Califor-
nia tt.
A— Practical Millinery School, estab. 14 years;
ti.-rniK easy, feltt O'Farrell. for. 1000 Va^J Net_.
WANTED— Experienced salesladies. MARKS
BROS.. 1220 Market St. ,
GIRL for general housework; wages $25. J.
STANGE. 938 York st.
YOUNG German girl for housework and plain
cooking. 2153. Santa tflara ave., Alameda.
GERMAN woman for washing Mondays. Call
420 Scott St.. nearJFcll. .
YOUNG girl assist with housework and chll-
| dren. 1020 Bryant, over store. !
' WANTED — Young girl for light housework,
take care of baby. 1137 Mission tt.
GIRL for general housework. 1053 Market St.,
upstairs. -
WOMAN for light housework; plain cook who
can read a little; $16. 716 Franklin st.
SPIRITUALISM. ]
JOHN SLATER— No circle to-night; readings
to-day. 10 to 4._3jSGJTF_arrcll et.
ETHEL rlilNDLE. materializlnirwseanee Fri-
day cve^. r>Oc. J115 Post St.. 8 o'clock sharp.
MME. 6WANSON. spiritual medium and card
reader. 17 Fourth et. _^
DR Collins, only trance writing medium on the
coast, circle to-night. S. 1043A Marke^st^
EDWARD "eAULH. 1052 Ellis, read'.nzs dally.
9:30 to 4; ceances Sunday and Thursday.
KATIE HBl'SSMAN. circle Friday evening.
2?^c: sittings. 1000 Harrison st.. cor. Sixth.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A^ CALL'AT ONCE 'AND SAVE $2.
My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
$1 jl $1 $1 *1 $1 51 $ l
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The ]"ir*t Registered Trance Clairvoyant ana
Talnvifct Kvcr in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make you no charge if I fail to tell your name,
oc«uiia*tlon and what you called for; I promise
to tell you whether husband, wife or sweet-
heart is true or lalse; to tell whom andjwhen
you will marry; In fact, I will tell you * every
hope, fear or ambition better than you can tell
yourself. He restores lest affections, reunites
the separated. «aue<?s speedy and happy mar-
nageo. makes yuu FUrc^ssful and prosperous,
cures distuse ami lost vitality without medi-
cine, locates hidden treasures: hours 10 a m. to
N P.m.: Sundays 2 to 8. :12U O'Farrell St., 3-<».
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
r.ootly located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
bldg. ; the nrads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future: if you are in trouble, dis-
contented or net satisfied In life, or have do-
mestic love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice In all affairs
cf life- 25c up; satisfaction guaranteel; read-
ings by mall. Tel. Black 4369.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St.. cor. Turk: private readings daily. 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. : readings by mai! as satisfac-
tory as in person: 3 questions answered. $1;
full life. $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth: den't Fend currency. Sind postofflce,
Ws-lls-Fanro mccey order or registered letter.
A — MME. PORTER. 3cienti£> clairvoyant and
card reade-. horn with a double veil and aec-
end sight: tells the past, present and future:
ladies, T-Oc; ?? nts. $1; by carUs. palmistry
and cUlrvoyant fitting; $1 SO. 126 Turk at.
Mrs. A. H. Kronenberg; palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will Rive a good reading. 10r. for
a short time only; when r.thrrs fail try me to
convince youraf-lf. UC Franklin, mar Grove.
A — Mm» Ravennr. leads llf»? business advice;
names given; 2oc up. 0 4th st . near Mr.rKet.
M. BELLE RUSSELL, ralir'st. 63 Third st.;
ladies, BOc; pentF. ?1; hrs. 10-9 (ex. Sunday).
OLDEST lady palmist end card render in city.
S6\i Kearny. room 20; ladies 23c gents 50c. 1
MKS. KHAFSK. clairvoyant cart reader; Mt-
tines daily. 44^14 Jessie St.. bet. 5th and Cth.
DEXT1STS.
DK. LUDLCM HILL, li+.i Market, nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
irade: o!d plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
A NEW plat«»— Th» Whalebone — cannot break;
warrant?.; 20 yre. ; crown. $3 30: fillings. 50c;
plates. |5; full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlor*. 24 Sixth st
GOLD filling;, fl; silver. 5^c; crowns. $2. Elite
Dental Ir.it.. 838 Market; open evenings.
PARIS DfnuM Parlors. 2H5 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Pet teeth. $1 5<' up: crowns. $2 up: fl!llngs.25c.
GOLD filllns"" 75c. sliver STic. crowns $2; no
l>ain: cpen Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
10 PER CENT off this month: estimates fre».
New York Denting. 9(50 Mifs'm et.. cor. Cth.
DRESSMAKERS & SEASlSTUKSSttS.
McDOIVELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any cattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
DYEING AST-* CXEA-fZHG.
fcKA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtiir.s. etc.. done by the Presidio
Heights Tye Works. 2W15 Sacramento; phone
for wagon. West 43:>. H. HICKMAN. pres.
EDUCATIONAL.
A— CALDWELL Co'.lege of Oratory. Acting.
Opera and Authorship; largest in the West;
14 teachers; positions guaranteed: fall term
begins Sept. 7; day & evening class; beautiful
new catalogue free. 121)5 Market, cor. Ninth.
SAN FRANCISCO business College, 12ia Mar-
ket: modern, progressive, practical; estab-
lished 15 years. Gresg shorthand, fastest.
fitiift, most readable. Actual business
bookkeeping; typewriter at home free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post, S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, :
languages, telegraphy, English branche*;
day and night sessions; illus. catalogue free.
DANCING — An evening class Is forming now
lor private instruction; ladles and gentlemen
only, tern-.?. *5 per month; must give name
and residence. Address A. D.. box 4619,
Call office.
AYRES, the It .ding business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; tpeclal summer course in all depart-
n:eni<!: handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship. J50; day and evening sessions.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing: est. 20 years; 1412 Polk st., bet.
I'lne and California; adult class now open;
children's class will open Sat. aft., Aug. 13.
CALIFORNIA Business College, .105 Larkln *t.
"A thorough fechool" : positions secured for
graduates; modem m«Hhix!s; individual in-
struction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
THE Berlitz School of Languages has removed
to 10(0 Van Ness ave. ; rates reduced during
summer. Send for catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, dec. rain.. mech..sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SYSTEM, discipline and results; the Golden
<jate Commercial College, Van Ness and
<"=o!den Gate aves..S.F. ;fllls every requirement
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonia Hall, Howard
Et.. neer Ninth; management Pruf. Foster.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrlclty.2* Post
tt., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON-g. 424 Pine st Night class
BTAX1SH Academy — Professor Arribas; classes
day and evening; private lessons. 8.14 Slitter.
LESSONS given In Water Color or Oil Palnt-
ing from Nature. CURRIER. 372 Batter st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc.; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mls3ion.nr.6th.
Cliicaeo Business College. 14:15 Market, nr. 10th.
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkpg.. $8 mo.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post st.; tel. BushTl33-^
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nlshcs best help; contracts for farm help. etc.
A — ORPHEl'M Employment Offlce — Japanese-
Chlnese help. 42B Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp Office, 413
Stockton: tel. Grant 168; expert. reliable help.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411 & O'Farrell: tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
ace; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 11-97. BRADLEY & CO.. 040 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A. SECOND girl, young, strong, especially neat
looking, -wants a r>Iace; has good city ref-
erences. Call at MISS PLUNKETTS, 425
J-utter st. Phone Main 5472. f
j COMPETENT German girl wants place as cook
or will do housework; wages $25 to $30.
Box 4C57, Call.
RELIABLE woman wishes general housework
in private family; willing to help with chil-
dren. 7U4 Folsom st., near Fourth.
AN experienced colored nurse would like posi-
tion an nurse for infant or grown children;
no cards. Uox 4im, Call.
SEAMSTRESS desires work; good at children's
dresses. Phone Grace 5O.>3.
AS chambermaid In lodging houce or hotel,
north of Market and east of Larkln St., by
woman 30 years old; sleeps at home. Answer
box 4U4. Call offlce.
WANTED — A woman wltb a child would like
position fis housekeeper or light housework.
Box 4(31, Call.
BY middle-aged American woman, position as
housekeeper In small family; country pre-
terred. Address Housekeeper, 1 Polk st.
A RELIABLE woman would like washing and
house-cleaning by the day. Inquire 125 Oak
St.. basement.
JAPANESE girl wants position ; willing to do
work In the city. Box 4«37. Call.
WANT ads and FUbyerlptlons taken for The
Call ajt Eaton's Bazaar. C33 McAllister st.
KMl'LOY.MEST WA.VTKD 3IALE^
TOUNG German butler, neat and capable
wishes situation. See J. F. CROSETT A
CO., 334 Sutter st.
POSITION by young man of good habits, per-
sonal appearance and drees; willing to do
anything to make a llvins. Box 4085. Call.
GOOD' cook wants situation In hotel or res-
taurant or lunch house. Call CSS Folsom st.
HISCELLANGOCS FOR SALE— Con-
A — Fine suits. $7 30; dress pants. $J 5l>. OTitfl-
Inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Keamy st..
near Bush; cp?n to 9 p. m. Sunday to poo a.
A— W 50 DERBY and fedora hat3. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny «t.. near Pln»;
open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 2M-S53 Spear st.
Al FRESH family cow. Ji»*t from the country.
Inquire SAM AFTEROL'T. MUsion road. nr.
Seven-Mile Housm ami county line.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 pair: foot-form
shoes at $2 30; we pay express charges. 11
Third St.. Examiner bid.: catalogue sent free.
SECOND mach'y. boilers. engines. pumps,
wood and iron working machinery, bought,
sold and rented. H. S. W.HITE. 130-132 Beale.
FINE Cocker purs; -l'blick mnles, 1 brown
male: cheap. ~9 City Hail ave.
FOR sale — Scotch collie pups. 2 months old.
from prize stock. Call room 500. Parrott big.
MO VIVO pictures, magic lanterns, saJ*. rental:
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Pn»t st.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all size*. EV'
OENE RILEY & SON3. 100 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture film and song slides. 1W
Montgomery st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
A CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargaina;camp stools acd chairs, hammocks.
' metal beds. mattressea.J.F.Hotter.712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupl. 033 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launched,
all sl»x. J. E. DOAIC. 46 Fremont st.
1 SAFES — New and second-hand. THS HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacram«nto st.
ASK for prices- on second-hand typewriter!: all
makes. ALEXANDER * CO.. HO Montar'y
MISCELLANEOUS WAXT8.
WANT San Francisco office— Responsible mall
order house wishes to arrange wtth party or
firm to receive their mall and forward samst
dally to our shipping" department. Addrs«a
Western, box 4370, CalL
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing aa-i
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.: tel. Jessie 2831.
MOXSY TO LOAN. _^_
AA_v— UEKM.VN MUKPHT
«01-6C_-tf03 Examiner balld-ic
Quick settlements: no disappoints—)--
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests assignments of rents, property In trust.
etc.; Ugacle*. life estates and undivided «&•
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly con—dea Ual.
When You Need Money
gee HERMAN MURPHY.
H1UHLY re«p«ctaOi« private place to obtara
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewslry. at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Stor*. 844
Market St.. tel. Main 1644. Branch. 13 Third.
MONET loaned to salaried ptopU. rctallf ra«r«
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, wttaoac
security; easy' payments; largest business la
46 principal cities. Tolman. 333 Parrctt bldg.
A— 1 per cent on furniture or piano: no removals
no commission; no publicity; $23 up: quick.
quiet. connd«ntla- 28 Montgomery St.. r. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant itiu
LOANS FROM $1 to $10.000.
AT cut rates on real estate, furniture or ptaao:
no commission. E. W. LICK. 1003 Mutual
Bav. Bk. bid.. 708 Market; phone Mala 81H.
6. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loans \o salaried!
people »n their not*.
The TOUSLET CO 143 Phelan bldg.
MONET to loan on low Interact; gold, silver,
diamond*. p«arls and precious stone* bougac
at W. J. HEST HAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. G. W.
MILLER, room 74. fifth floor. Chronicle bldg.
ONE per cent on furniture: $3 a month on «aat»
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery, room 19.
3% ON furnitura A pianos; $13 up; co rnmoval:
V. TREMAIN. room 81. 8 Eddy st.. flaor 4.
ALL leans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cant
mo. C F. Collateral Loan Ban*. 653 Kearsy.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loasetl salaried peopla on no:*a without
iPdorser. MOV.RELL. ft^O KTaminer blj.
MUSICAL INSTRUMKNTS.
ASSORTMENT of somo upright bargains.
3 Chlckenng $150. H>5. I2TJJ
1 Klmball. walnut upright, celluloid keysJt'S
2 Emerson $1*-C. $215
_ Steinway »1S3. £.' 1%
4 Ileln* $235 to S3B3
12 squares $15 to $17O
10 organs $10 to $73
Rents $2 up. allowed on purchase; Install-
ments $4 up; piano players from $U0 up; new
pianos from $117 ud. HEINE PIANO CO..
2;.5-"j;">7 Geary st. ; phono Main 3744.
$!?". — LEFT on sale; Fllsher upright pla&o. 237
Geary st.
STEINWAY upright, left by private party.
$165: great bargain. 237 Geary st.
A FEW good upright pianos from $70 up com-
prising Vose. Sterling. Jacobsan. Schwccb»
ten. Sherwood. Weser. Marshall A Wendell.
Halnes. Everett. Knabe and others; easy
payments. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 18-23
OTarrell. No branches In San Fraoclsoo.
THE SIMPLEX PIANO PLAYER Is the only
piano player that Interprets music as th«
author Intended it. The delicate touch or tn«
. powerful stroka can be given at tha deslr*
of the one playing. Call and examine them.
THE ZEXO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. Ibi
Market st.
BAND instruments; F. Besson. Paris, maker.
Gus Maiwaid. Agt. Pac. Coast. 278 O'Farrel!;
skillful repairing; 2d-hand Instruments) soid.
E—AUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnwa7 upright piano;
perfect order: sacrifice. Keeffe's,_S5 O*FarrclL
Family sailing for Australia offers at sacrifice)
handsome Steinway upright piano. S18 Eddy.
BUY direct from the factory and save 30 per
ce/it. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister at.
KOHLER _ CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.; largest
and oldest piano house.
BES"f renting piano in. city for $3 per montJv!
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st-
BARGAIN; good upright; must b« sold aC
ence. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
BCHMER. Byron Mauxy pianos. Cecllian 'piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 3C8-312 Post st.
SUPER1OR violins, xithers. old and n«w. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LETT.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. J27 Market si
Office to let; rent $13; light, he*?. Janitor anJ
telephone. ASHTON A 3ARDINER.
712 SANSOME st.. near Jackson — Handaoma
large atore; rent $25.
PERSONALS.
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
Wrinkles, yellow and flabby tkln. birthmarks,
smallpox plttlngs and scars scientifically re-
moved without cutting.massage.electricity or
medicine: special demonstrations t— Is week.
Call or writo Pit. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
WANTED — 777 ladles with scalp diseases; Iocs
of hair and premature graynesa prevented.
(Can treat by mall. Blank for stamp.) Con-
•ultatlon free. 8:30 to t>: Sundays. 10 to 12.
Prof. -GEO. A. CARLOW, Specialist, jjpon
218. 097 Market at." |
MORPHINE, opium and laudanum habits enrad
at home by a painless home treatment: In-
dorsed and used by leading physicians; corr«-
• pondence strictly cor-flcientlal: In plain. sealed
envelope; call or write to-day. India Drug
Cure. 201 Turk St.; Bruce D. Klmmla. Mgr.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair Im-
proves Its growth :stops faKlng-.cuxes dan<5ru2
and Itching scalp: no stain or stickiness:
cleanses scalp :at di%ssis«'. hairdressers' ac-
cept no substitute. Star RemedyCo.,3&jG*ary.
MY wife. KATHERINE .PARENT!, having
left my bed and board. V will not be respon-
sible for any debts contracted by her after
this date JOMKNICO PAREXTI.
NOT how cheap but how good. Is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. 13 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 231 Grant ave..
eorner Sutter at.: fee moderate.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonta Hall. Howard
st. near Ninth ; management Prof. Foster.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
*nd trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. "21 Market st. |
ELEGANT suits on easy Installments; 30 tents
»nd up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mat-
ket st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
BU1TS to order on installments. $1 per week.
Neuhaus ft Co.. merch.tallor».727-729 Market.
ALL »tyle» hairdressing. 23c: hair goods; mani-
curing 23c. G. LEDERER. 1_I Stockton si
TAILOP.-IaADE suit $7 50; Uress pants ?2 3f>.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and roclas removed by
electric needle. Dr._Mrs.Trav?rse,1170Market
MASQUERADE costumes, ptay books, wigs,
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO, 731 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Earyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1. at all druggists.'
Superfluous hair & moles removed with elec-
tric needle. Mrs. & Mlas 1119 Sutter.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
IS pases, la wraoocr. for mailing. $1 per year.
- HELP WASTEn—IH it.K— Con.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
020 SACRAMENTO ST.
- Phono Main 1191. Cor. Leidesdorff st.
Boss Is Here To-day — New Work.
For a big new Job. north; to open the camp
we want to-day 15 drillers $75; 15 labor-
ers. $67 50; cook and helper. $100 found;
special fare.
To Astoria, Oregon, near Portland, on the
O. R. & N. Co. 's fine S. S. Columbia.
Very cheap fare Fee $1
Company Work— No Discount— No Strike.-
25 laborers, $51 50 found.
25 rockmen, $50 found.
It's at Astoria, Oregon.
Boss I3 Here To-day Fee $1 i
Tuolumne Co.. $1 50 fare. Balance 13 free:
20 laborers, large sawmill company, mill
. runs every working day In year, $U day and
up; In the center of gold mines, near Yo-
semlts Valley; It's In lawn . and you bourtl
where you please. ~f
Tunnels. 6 of them. Free far».
6 tunnelmen. $75 to $S2 50. 8 hours; 6 muck-
ers, $60; 6 tunnelmen. $75. near city; 2 tun-
nelmen. $120; 3 muckers. $90, 30c fare; S
miners, $75 to $90; 20 laborers and muckers,
mines, $60 to $73; 10 laborers, $2 a 'day.
Butte Co.. Chico. Fee $1. Ship to-night.
50 laborers, stockmen and teamsters $2 25
to $2 60 a day
SAWMILLS, ETC.
20 laborers. $2 40; 25 lumber pliers. $2 75;
10 boys, box factory, $1 75 & day; 2 screw
sfttters, S3 SO a day.
North. Half fare. Saah and door factory.
12 young men, $1 50 to $2 25 a day acd in-
crease.
MISCELLANEOUS.
B Italians, stone masons, $4 a day; 10 Swed-
ish lumber pliers, Shasta Co., $52 and found;
3 farmers and team, $30 to $35 and found;
60 laborers different Jobs. $2 to $2 23 a day;
buggy washer, country town, $50 to $95 fd.
Free fare to Wllllts. '^ ' Fee $1
20 laborers and teamsters, $2 23 a day.
Coal miners, free fare, to Oregon.
Call and get free list of Jobs at the PA-
CIFIC EMP. AGENCY. 020 Sacramento st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at 12 SO; wt pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third si.. Examiner bldg.
WANTED— For the U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men. between VI and 35;
good character; must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
In all parts of the world, on land in our Inl-
and possessions, and at naval stations In tha
United States. Apply at recruiting efflce, 40
Ellis ft.. Baa Francisco. Cal.; 222H N. Main
St.. Los Aneeles. Cal.. and 401 K St., Sacra,
mento, Cal.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
months to complete and securs positions;
catalogue and full particulars milled free.
Moler System Barber College. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 130 large
rooms; 25c per nlcht: $1 60 to $3 per w«ek.
WANTED — First-class body makers on car-
riage work. Parrott Carriage Mfg. Co., Lc*
Angeles, Cal.
WANTED — Young man who Is thoroughly ex-
perienced In men's furnishings. Apply be-
tween 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BRO3.'
YOUNG man to work outside of school hour*
for his tuition. California Business College,
SOS iArkln st.
WANTED — -"Young man who Is an experienced
card writer and familiar with dry goods ad-
vertisements. Box 4644. Call.
FIRST-CLASS barber shop for sale; 3 chairs,
2 bathrooms and laundry office. E. 1L,
Vacavllle, Solano County, Cal.
MEN to learn barber trade; an Improvement
on all other systems. For particulars ad-
dress Western Barber Col., 647 Commercial.
YOUNG man !n tlnshop learn trade; age 16
yearn. 033 Mission st.
BARBERS- Good 2-chalr shop with living
rooms; snap. _>0S Howard st.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition In S. F.
Barber School, 741A Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
600 MEN to buy new and ?d-hand army shoes,
COc up; soling cheap. 923 Howard st.. nr. 5th.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bull is. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Pott.G.A.R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third et.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 35c nicht; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggaga to and from terry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement! and
subscriptions has been established at 1094
- Valencia str *
CLASSIFIED advertisements and tiubseiiptloas
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fl'.lmor*.
ALL sizes men's FhSs. slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shc?s half soled while waiting; 23c
to 50c. 363 Mission rt.. bet. 1st and 2rt sts.
HOISCS TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let: s»nd for
circular. G.H.UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery
A fi-ROOM house; finished basement; garden.
7S1 Cole st.
FURNISHED house of 6 rooms and bath to
let. cheap. 3933 Twenty-fifth st.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post st.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
A WELL furnished house, piano. 10 rooms;
very sunny; fine location; 1375 Masonic ave.
Apply MADISON & BURKE. CO Montg. st.
HOUSES WASTED.
UNFUR. house or flat wanted by Aug. 8; 2
adults; nr. Sth-Mkt. W.W.McCllnteck, 4S 8th.
HORSES AND WAGO.YS.
FOR sale — Bay mare 6 years old; broke to
harness and saddle; stylish, sound and gen-
tle. GEO. WALCOM. 4(TJ Sutter st.
! PEDDLING rig. $5rt; coal wagon. $50; laundry
wagon, $o0; wagon, $23; horse, $15. . 79
City Hall ave. v
TEAM roan mares, city broken, weigh 2750;
one doctors' horse; 2 business horses. Santa
Clara Stable, lt>4 Golden Gate ave.
ON account of going- to build, entire stock of
wagons, buggies and harness must to* aold at
sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valencia sts.
SOUND, young horse, true and gentle; weight
about 1500; bargain. 2S43 Mission st.
RARE chance — i good horses for sale cheap.
327 Sixth st.
ONE fine buggy, fruit wagon, cart. 2d-hand;
neir laundry wagon, cheap. 82S Harrison st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and Focart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
LOST A.\D KOl'.XD.
LOST— From McAllister car. Wed., roll em-
broidery. Return 213>,a Mason st. ; reward.
LOST — Wednesday, gun-metal lorgilette; pearls
ornaments; reward. Morning Call office.
LOST— Large Irish setter dog; heavily feath-
ered. Return 3 Grand St.; reward.
FOUND— Gold Masonic locket! Call Glen
Park. C. STADER. ,
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch casea.
MEDICAL.
A— Mrs. Dr. Sweet takei ladies before and dur-
ing couflrement: Infants adopted; $15; $3
.rooms & board: 23 years' experience. 2s£ 7th.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints: Instant relief guaranteed: <M)
years' experience. 728 Post St., near Jones.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— AH who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult cases trcat-
ed; advice* free. Office, 1018 Market st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fa-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. IOO8V3 Market st.. opp. 3th.
MRS. D. ALLEN. HIS Market— Rellabie'ladieV
specialist; a private home before and during
.confinement; best medical care; low fees.
Drs. Goodwin, 73."; Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
In obstetrics, female cotnp. ;25 yrs.experience.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERE3*
original method of treatment. 112B Market st.'
DR. ROSEN, moved to 2083 Folsom st cor
2tth; relief $10; ladles' exclusive office.
DR. NG TOY KEE, 319 Powell st.. opposite
Unlow square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MlSCKJL.LA.NteOL'S— r'QK SAX*;.
BOILERS, engines. 2-hand machinery MclN-
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
A GOOD reason to buy diamonds watches and
Jewelry from us Is that you need only pay a
small weekly payment on all purchases; all
goods delivered on first payment. Call and
examine our goods.- evea If you don't care to
buy. LJCHTENSTEIN BROS.. 23 Stockton.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterite; In rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; got»l over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO., 713 Market st.
WILL contract 2300 barrels per month for one
year. 14% gravltyoll at 25o f. o. b. Bakers-
field. C. E. PRICE. 605 Grant Building, Los
Ature'es-
Indeed it is pleasant at the close of the day
To lay all care aside, put one's business away,
And with dressing-grown on in the ease of home life
Discuss matters of interest to husband and wife.
The lady is tellinp what good servants are had
At a minimum cost through a Daily Call ad.
And husband replies that he always has found-
The 1 best help for the store, men of honesty sound.
By Want Ads in The Call — try this course if In need.
For the paper will prove its great value indeed.I. I. Brown to B. C. Brown, lot on S line of
Pine street. 140:5 W of Polk, W 25 by S 120
*10. ¦-..'¦¦
Patrick Landers to Carmen U. Dunphy, lot
on W line of Buchanan street, 178:0 S of Jack
son, S 25:6 by W 80; $10.
Calvin D. and Ada F. Brown to Rosalie J.
Colombat, lot on N line of Ellis street, CO E of
Devisadero, E CO by N 75; $10.
Lewis and Harriet M. and Benjamin Wil
liams to George Conn, lot on E line of De
visadero street, I02:8'i N of Jackson. N 25 by
E 110; $10.
John C. and Catharlna S. Schmidt to John
Bendixen, lot on S line of Pine street, 150 W of
Broderick, W 25 by S 137:6; $10.
Adallne C. Martin and Margaret E., Sarah
J., Cyrus and George R. Chambers to William
A. Lange, lot on SW Corner of Frederick and
Wlllard street. S 275. W 100, N 137:6 W 75. S
137:6. W 94:4, NE to Frederick. E 220:11: $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Eliza
beth G. Henderson (wife of John), Phlllls M.
Peck (wife of Edwin T.) and Mary C, Hackley
(wife of Simeon), lot on SE line of Mission
street, _02:C SW of Twelfth, SE 137:8ft, SW
32:5%. NW 137:2%. NE 40:5; .
Same to Wilhelmlne English, lot on E line
of Howard street, 215 N of Twenty-first. N
90 by E 132:6; .
Same to Louisa Thompson. MB. 67. • bounded
by Nineteenth and Twentieth and Mission and
Valencia streets; . -
Edwin and Kate Miles to Pierre E. H. de
Salsset. lot on E line of Valencia street, 85 S
of Nineteenth. S 25 by E 80; $10.
Catherine and Patrick Bannan to Catherine
C. Bannan, lot on SE corner of Twenty-first
and Chattanooga streets, E 25 by S 104; gift
Alexander and Victoria Spinner to Mary P.
Lang and Louisa M. Spinner, lot on W line of
Sanchez street, 21 S of Twenty-seventh S 23
by W M>; gift.
Edith A. Clarke to E- E. Walley, lot on S
line ot Twenty-sixth street, 231:5 E of Castro
E 50 by S 114; $157.
Lulgl and Carlotta Torre to G. B. Ceruttl,
lot on E line of Price row (Pierce row or
Graham place). 113:0% S of Union street and
HO E of Stockton. S 24:5% by E 57:6; $200
City and County of San Francisco to Clay
Slocumb, . lot on W line of ¦¦ Texas street 20O
8 of Twenty-fifth, S 60 by W 100; $ ;
Clay Slocumb to A. C. Freeman and George
E. Bates, same; $10. '
David and Jessie Hartley to A. W. Lehrke
lot on W line of Pennsylvania avenue 125 N
of Eighteenth. N 25 by W 100; $10. '.
Jennie M. and William H. UBher to James
R Watson," lot on N line of Market street
400 E of Thirty-ninth avenue. K 25 by N
123:11, lot 49, block 127SA. Market-street Ex
tension; $10. . .
Julia L. and Peter L. Plaskett to Mary E
Runsell, lot on 8 line of Clement street 90 E
of Eleventh avenue. E 30 by S 100; $1160
"Edwin Lewis to Mary E Lewis, lot on W
line of First avenue, 300 N of Clement street
N 25 by W 120; also lots 6 and 7. block 46*
Excelsior Homestead; gift.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to John
W. Hahn, lot in cemetery; $300.
Flora A. Bland to Peter O'Connor, lot on
E line of Park Hill avenue. • 177:7% S of
Buena Vista, avenue, S 75 by E 115. lots 9 10
and 11, block B, Park Hill Homestead; $lb
• Union 'Park Land Company to August
Etraub, lot on SE line of Diamond street
93.13 '. NE of Wilder. NE 81.S7. , SE 50 s\V
64.56. W 53. being lots .' 1. 22 and 23. 'block
2 Falrmount Extension "Homestead Associa
tion; $10. •¦:•;•¦-'.¦;¦ .. -¦¦"¦¦; V-; ¦•, ,
Helnrlch Weydemann to James Assallno lot
on SE line of San Jose avenue. 70 NE of Gen
eva SE.162," NE '69:5. NW 153. SW 70 lot
4. ' block 30. .West *• End Map 1 ; $10:
•i. Willis m and Maggie Kelly to Albert "Alder
lot 675. Gift Mao 2: $10.
THURSDAY, AUGUST 6, 1003.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
KOBE. Japan, Aug. «. — The French mall
steamer Tonkin, from Marseilles for Yoko
hama, has arrived here on fire. Tbe flames
will be extlnsutsbed.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug ft— Stmr MelTtll*
Dollar, hence 'Aug '2.
ABERDEEN— Sailed Au* «— Stmr Ntwhurs.
for Sna Francisco flW3Mg
Late Shipping Intelligence.
SAILED.
Thursday. August 8.
Stmr.Chehalts. Frantzon. Grays Harbor.
DOMESTIC PORTS. : . .
Frank White, alias Tony Bonetto, was
held, to answer before the Superior Court
by Police Judge Conlan. yesterday on a
charge of burglary, in J2000 bonds. He
was accused of having entered a vacant
house at 70S Webster street, on July 24,
and stealing a quantity of lead pipe,
which he had in a sack when arrested by
Policeman Earle. The Judge had agreed
to reduce the 'charge to petty larceny,
owing to the defendant's youth, if he
would plead, guilty, but when the case
was called yesterday the defendant's at
torney entered a plea of not guilty and
demanded a trial by jury- The Judge at
once held the defendant on the burglary
charge.
Held on Burglary Charge.
Attorney General U. S. Webb has
granted to E. P. Davis of Bakersfleld
leave to maintain an action in the name
of the People against Bert M. Tlbbet, to
determine Tibbefs right to the office
of City Marshal of Bakersfield.
The relator, Davis, and one T. J. Pack
ard were candidates for the office at the
election held April 13, 1903, and the City
Board of Trustees, upon canvassing the
returns, declared Packard elected.
Packard died on April 21 and the Board
of Trustees appointed Tibbet, who has
since discharged the duties of the office.
Davis, however, ¦ contends that- Packard
was not, in fact, elected, and the Attor
ney General has. authorized an action in
quo warranto to determine the matter.
Bakersfleld Marsh.alsb.ip.
Rose C C. William* (owner) with O. W.
C.lasser (contractor), architect J..H. Williams
Lathing and plastering for a four-story frame
building on NW corner of ; Waller and Web
ster streets: $1560. '¦ ¦ _
Same owner with Augustine Graining Com
pany (contractors), architect same— Painting,
graining, lynwood work, etc.,' for same on
¦D. *C Mohun, J. F. Brooke and Martha M6
hun (owners) with Otis Elevator Company
(contractors), architect William : Koenlg — One
electric .passenrer eWvator for', a -.five-story
apartment house on S line of Fell street, 151 W
of Van Nes» avenue; $2400. '¦
B. Bennett (owner) with P. L. Bassett (con
tractor), architect C..H. Barrett— All. work for
a three story and basement frame building on
N line of Eighteenth street, 75 E of , Collins
wnort. 25x75; *:.oo. WSSSSBtmlmi
Builders' Contracts.
VICTORIA, B. C, Aug. 6.-Mail ad
vices wero received by the steamer
Aorangl that there is a strong adverse
comment in New Caledonia regarding tho
proposed renewal of transportation of
convicts to the island. The attempt to
revive transportation was first mooted
some time ago, and ; in consequence of
Australian objections it was promised that
the project would be abandoned.
Sir Henry More Jackson, High Commis
sioner of Britain, was refused landing at
Tonga on arrival there in H. 1 M. 3. Plei
ades. The warship had gone to Tonga
from Fiji, nnd measles being epidemic the
local authorities refused the Commis
sioner , a landing. The British Consul
was at the time roughly handled by a
sentry when requesting permission from
the King to allow, the Commissioner to
land. For this an apology was given by
the King.
The British and Foreign Insurance Com
pany on" July 7 paid, Gillespie Brothers of
Sydney, owner of the cargo of the lost
French bark De Couedic, posted as v miss
ing on a voyage from San Francisco to
Sydney. £20,000 as full insurance on the
cargo of 48,177 sacks of wheat. ,
H. M. S. Archer," which went to the New
Hebrides with the , French f
Meuthe, where a joint AngJo«French com
mission was to. sit to investigate ; griev
ances existing in'the islands; has returned
to Noumea' owing to a severe, epidemic of
typhoid fever on board.
A rich gold discovery has been made in
Tuena district, Australia. There has been
a big stampede.
Twenty-five witnesses from Captain
Ewen's own county and other witnesses
from Powell County, where he resided
until he moved to Jackson some ten
years ago, testified that Ewen's morality
was bad, as was also his reputation for
truthfulness. At the same time some of
them testified that he was a churchgoer,
was a constant attendant at Sunday
school and never drank whisky or gam
bled. Many of them were confused on
cross-examination, especially those from
Breathitt County. The best impeaching
evidence was offered by a number of cit
izens of Powell County, including the
County Judge, the Sheriff and others, who
testified that Ewen had a Dad reputation
as to morality and truthfulness among
his neighbors, although each of these wit
nesses, as far as his personal opinion was
concerned, testified without exception
that Ewen paid his debta promptly and
never drank, and attended church regu
larly while residing among them.
"Tick" Beech, who testified several days
ago for the defense, was contradicted by
Witness Russell for the prosecution and
also by Cyrus Holland. Beech swore sev
eral days ago he had seen the killing, and
these witnesses say that he had told them
that he did not see the killing and that
he was glad he did not see it. The Com
monwealth will swear out a warrant for;
the arrest of Beech and John L. Noble,
who will be charged with having sworn
falsely.
CYNTHIANA, Ky.. Aug. 6.-H. P.
Smith, a salesman, was on the stand to
day in the Jett and White trial, to prove
the existence of a large hole in the floor
of the courthouse at Jackson, through,
which the assassin of Lawyer Marcum
might "have escaped. Green Strong and
James Lee were introduced to prove the
bad character and reputation of Captain
Ewen. Jett and White were recalled anil
stood some feet away from the Jury, the
defense seeking to show that at several
hundred yards they could' not be told
apart. r~~z—:zrz m z.~:jJZ-^?.Jr'-~ - ¦" ~ '
Attempt to Impeach
Man Who Exposed
Assassin^.
New Caledonia Objects
to Id flux, of Con
victs.
TRANSPORTATION
IS NOT DESIRED
JETT WITNESSES
DENOUNCE EWEN
The first arrests under a new ordinance
that came Into effect on July 27 last were
made by Corporal Sylvester and squad In
Chinatown yesterday afternoon. The or
dinance makes it a misdemeanor for any
one "to ejchlblt or expos© to view in any
barred or barricaded house or room, or
in any place built or protected in a man
ner to make it difficult of access or in
gress to police officers, when three or
more persons are present, any cards, dice,
dominoes, fantan table or layout, or part
of such layout, or any gambling imple
ments whatsoever."
Corporal Sylvester believed that fantan
was being played at 115 "W&verly place
and he went there yesterday afternoon
with his squad, but found the outer door
locked. He started to force an entrance,
when the door was opened, but sufficient
time had elapsed for a fantan layout to
be removed. Five Chinese were found
playing dominoes and they were arrested
and taken to the City Prison for violating
the ordinance. Set of dominoes and dice
were seized as evidence.,. - . . . ; •/.
Five Arrested for Playing Dominoes
in a Place That Was
Barred.
CHINESE CHARGED WITH
VIOLATING NEW ORDINANCE
: :¦¦¦ i ¦.-.., ¦ • ;• ¦ -
THE SAN --JTBAK CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 7, 1903.
13
ROO3IS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.^
FIFTH. 353 — 3 housekeeping, ?20, 2 beds; 3.
$13 SO. 2 bedwj_a. tlR; also single. $5 and $<S.
GEARV, SS2— 2 large unfurnished housekeeping
rooms; private sink and yard; private house.
HKKBKKT (The) — Sunny apartments for
housekeeping; gas ranges; Just newly fur-
nlshed. 1530 Polk tt.
LEAVENWORTH, 512V4— Large sunny room,
inc. gas; $12. Also. 3 sunny rooms, $20.
O'FARRELL, 1516— Very nicely furnished sun-
ny front housekeeping rooms; parlor floor.
STOCKTON. 1200— Model house, newly fur-
nished: front housekeeping rooms; phone.
VALENCIA. 209- Two sunny housekeeping
room*; gas range, running water, bath, phone.
UOOMS TO LKT — Kum. and llnluro,
AA— City Room Renting Agency.
1104 Market st.. cor. Turk and Market st»..
Rooms 3 and 4. 'Phone Jessie 4471.
FREE ! FREE
We locate you free of charge
. In Rooms with or without board.
Housekeeping Rooms or Hotels.
A— HOTEL NETHERLAND — EUROPEAN
PLAN. 18 TURK ST.. 4 DOORS FROM
MARKET: 250 OUTSIDE ROOMS; STEAM
HEAT AND TELEPHONE IN EVERY
ROOM: RATES 75c A DAY UP; SPECIAL
RATES BY THE MONTH. -
A GENTLEMAN of regular habits (tn secure
a single room or alcove suite, sunny and
comfortably furnished, with private family,
one block from cable and electric car Hnea
and 5 minutes' walk from pane entrance;
references. Box 4953. Call.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per light, $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market Et. (or No. 1
Fifth Bt.)— Rooms. 25c, 50c. $1, $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 wrek; house open all night.
ANTLERS, 415 Turk — 3, 4 and 5 room apart-
ments for hkpg. ; strictly mod.; elec. elevator.
A LARGE furnished room for 1 or 2 gents;
bath; running water; references. SS9 Post st.
BURNETT. 142B Market— (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Maion— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FIFTH, 33 — Sunny bay-window rooms; also
tingle rooms; $1 60. %1 50 to $4 per week.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Room* BOc
to $1 CO night; $2 to $6 week; reading-room.
HARRISON. 7844, near 4th— Finely furnished
sunny rooms; bath; homelike; $1 week up.
HOTEL GRAYSTONE
66 Geary -St.: phone Bush SSO.
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
furnished suite*, with baths end single*.
KEARNY. 420 — Six beautiful rooms to let.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
readlrg-room. smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
TURK. 810— Nicely furnlehed rooms; suites or
single. ¦
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy St.. near Market
— 400 single and family rooms: 35c to $1
night; $1 75 to $6 week; elevator; electric
lights: reading-room; free bus and baggage.
VAN NESS ave., 510 — Renovated; handsome
eunny furnished suites front rms.; mod. conv.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
85c to $1 50 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
ROO31S AXD nOARD.
AMOY. THE 901 DEVISADERO ST.
Strictly first-class family hotel; sunny rooms,
suite or single; billiards; steam heat.
OLD Stevenson Mansion, odp. Grace Church,
with annex, 807 California st. — Attractive In-
terior; exceptional table; free billiard-room.
OCTAVIA. 606— Rooms $5 up; breakfast and
dinner, $2 50 a week,
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
lfi pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ROOMS WAJVTED.
WOMAN wants housekeeping room, unfur-
nished, top floor, in Mission; closet and use
of gas; rent $5 a month. Box 4652, CalK
1 WPTTOKIKOAOT STAMMERHfQ.
MELBOURNE System School, Van Ness and
Market: positive cure for all. Don't delay.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following .marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Spiro G. Dragomanovlch. 43. 725 Sansome
street, and Eva yolyaga. 28, 160 Noe *treet.
Charlie Butler, 2*. New York City, and An-
nie Gibson, 28. New Orleans, La.
William P. Elliott. K7. Oakland, and Mary E.
Richardson. 24, Oakland.
John Devlne. 32, 1043A Folsom street, and
Sarah Cloney, 30, 1773 Market street.
Thomas E. Hale, 37, city, and Jessica A.
Browne, 20, city.
Giovanni Mollnarl, 24. Middletown. and Eu-
genia Cavagnaro, It*. Mlddletown.
Benjamin P. Abrahftmson, 33, 1111 McAllis-
ter street, and Rose V. Glass, 21, 227 Golden
Gate avenue.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They mwt be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
RAICEVICH— In this city. July 29. 1003. to
the wife of Louis A. Raicevich. a son.
SULLIVAN — In this city, to the wife of M.
D. Sullivan, a son.
THIES — In this city, July 24, 1903, to the wife
of John Thins, a son.
— — -—-—-
HYDE— HOPE— In Sonoma, July 30, 1003, by
the Rev. C. C. Klrtland. William H. Hyde
Jr. of Baa Francisco and E. Claire Hope of
Sonoma.
DIED. —
Blthfr. Evange'.ine Morrison. Samuel L.
Brown. Paulina Moylan, Patrick
Clarke, Louis A. .Sabina. Mrs. Nellie
Clyatt. Agnes Sewart, Ammboyce
Conway, Roberta Stratum. James
Craig. Irene Tannian, Martin
Fortriede, Henry Trittenbach. Jacob
Haley, Wilrfara H. Williamson, E. M.
Hayman. Mrs. Irene • Willis, Agnes
Hurley, Mary A. Wiods. Mrs. Bridget
McCorkell. John J. Young. Pauline w.
Manning, Emma C.
BITHER— In fc'unnyslde. August 6. 1003, Evan-
Kelbie, infant daughter of F. L. and Sadie
Blther, a native ot San Francisco, aged 2
months and 13 days.
BROWN — In this city, August 4, 1903, at tho
German Hospital, Paulina Brown, beloved
wife of Richard H. Brown, and beloved
mother of Roseo Brown and Mrs. -Harry E.
Hunter of Los Angeles, a native of Ger-
many, aged C2 years. A member of the San
Francisco Frauen Vereln.
IDTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to 'attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 0 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company,
1209 Mission street, between Eighth and
Ninth, thence to St. Boniface's Church,
Golden Gate avenue, near Jones street, whero
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at' 0.30
©O'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CLARKE— In this city, August 5, 1903. Louis
A., beloved son of William I. and Olive K.
Clarke, and brother of Marlon M. Clarke,
a. native of San Francisco, aged 5 years and
9 months.
E7"The funeral will take place from his
late residence. 1824 O'Farrell street, to-day
(Friday), at 11:30 o'clock, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, where services will be
held. Interment 6t. Mary's Cemetery, Oak-
land, by 1 o'clock creek boat.
CLYATT— In this city, August C, 1003, Agnes,
dearly beloved wife of William F. Clyatt.
beloved daughter of Mary and the late James
MacRae. and sister of Mrs. A. S. Douder
and Belle, James. Duncan and the late Mary
and Alexander MacRae, a native of San
Francisco, aged 27 years and 3 months.
CONWAY— In Alameda, August 5, 1903. Rob-
erta Rose,-' beloved daughter of ¦ Mrs., Delia
and the late Robert Conway, beloved grand-
daughter of Mrs. Catherine Conway and Mr.
and Mrs. Adolph Tanzer, and niece of Mary
Conway, a native of California, aged 4 years
7 months and 12 days.
C7* Friends and acquaintances are respect-'
[f NEAREST THE XITY /I
| OFFICE: 916 MARKET ST,. ]|
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successors to Flannaean & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. .DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80..
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
— — : — Funeral Directors and Embalmers- — — -
Formerly in Metrorjolitan Temple. -
Now at 860 MISSION. Tel.. South 167.
Bet ween. Fourth and Fifth, Near Fifth St.
Flnctt Equipments at Moderate Rates.
?A VrilUTZ* V.
MADAM DEVAS.Frj er .tifl c puin-.ist and artrolr.-
r'lfi. Office. 2« L!eb»s bldg.. 139 Post rt.: $1
;«.m readir.g a rpecialty; cpen Tuesday e v * :
• t*Al»CItn AKGIKC PAINTING. ETC'.
*"Vi OaiS I-aptred. $3 SO up; tinting, painting.
Hartraann Paint Co.. ::;i« :w st. : «el. IJalr. 413
¦'MUSICIANS AND MJltOKONs.
o DTI C. C. O'DOXN^LL^^Uce^cJ^ErienT^
Hr.lH Market tt., bet. SisJh and Seventh.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diwaees a epeciuJtj.
1JR. HALL. m73^ Market «t.
b^MOVIvP- DJC \\ ONC1 TFlM. herb doctcr:
:rea:s a:; c:*eases of the human body; it
1 aft four yti-.rF at 1 i 0- 1 1 7 Mason: now lo-
>»ted a . ct;7 Geary *-t.. r.ear Leavenworth.
• Ui l- , To - N^ TcTcHY. FUCces^r^TTrTiri Po
lal. herb (Sector; cure* g.11 diteasc of human
'•>' "use of herbs ar.d teas. 7^7 \Vathineton st.
WONO WOO. the famous hfb debtor— All dls-
«^»ey cured by Chineye herb?. T4«-S Clay ?t.
j. FnOPOSAi S.
ADVERTISEMENT for I ids for s;*am-heattng
and distributing ftpparktitt for the University
of Calitornia — Notice to coatraeiora. builder*
.and material men— N-i:-e is h< r. ly civen
by the Regents of the University el California,
to all concerned thet *^.i!ed propoasTs or bid*
are solicited on tlirre water-tut* bollem.
<*ach to contain cre-rmlf the heating surface
required to furnish >t«-»m for one «-ngine. as
outlined below; one vertical or horizontal
tress-compound non-c>r.<JeT^ing engine, to
be arranged for <iiie-ct .nnnection to one 2<>i>
K. W. alternator, ih* n«-e<-s*ary fotd pumps,
feed water heaters, steam s=e;>arat< ts>. traps
and Tuel oil burr.ir.s apparatus comi-lete, in-
cluding all necei-sary piping, valves and
fitting* within the Lutliiing. and all neoee-
lary piping between tank*, etc.. the plant
to be furnifheil ar.d installed complete at
Berkeley uj>f n foundations furniRhcd by the
.university. AIM s-uam piping for distribu-
tion of rteani for heating purposes to the
various bu!ld:nt*. f>aid sealed bid* or rro-
r^sals will b« received at room 1<>. South
Hall, at the University grounds. Berkeley,
on or before 3 o'clock p. m. of the 17th
<lay of AutruM. UOS. And notice is hereby
further given that plane and specifications
for Mid construction have been made and
adopted and are placed in the engineering
offices, room 7, .".:;i Pine , street. San Fran-
' Cisco, where the same may be reen and ex-
amined during each day from 9 o'clock a. tn.
until 4 o'clock p. m. from this date until
the 15th day of August. l»03. No bids or
iroposals will be considered unless th* same
er* accompanied bv, a certified check or ft
bond of said proposer equal to ien <10) per
cent of his proposal. w!th sufflcieut sureties,
conditioned that if eaid bid or prt>i>osal shall
be accepted the party proposing will duly
enter into a proper contract with the said
Regents to faithfully perform the duty and
• obligations in accordance with said proposal
and plans and specifications, whi'.h ehall be-
end are hereby required to be a part of such
contract. The light to fject any and all
bids is hereby reserved. This notice is given
pursuant to an act entitled "An act to
amend »n act entitled "An act to create
and organise the University of California.
approved March 25, 1$69. and an act.
ameniatcry cf eectlon 25 thereof, approved
March 2S. 1S72, relating to the construction
of bulldngs." arrroved March X 3^7. Hy
order of the Committee on Grounds an!
Building* of the Board cf Reseats. W. A.
McKOWES. Secretary of the Board of
Regents of "the University of California.
NOTICE to Contractors— Pursuant to an order
cf tbe Board cf Trustees cf the State Nor-
mal School cf Ban Diego, .California, notice
is hereby given that sealed proposals will be
received by said board until 2 o'clock p. m.
cf August 6, IPOS, fcr furnishing the ma-
teriaia and performing the labor necessary for
tbe erection ar.d completion cf the west wing
cf the San Diego State Ncmal School build-
ing * ifersxste proposal* will be received and
teparate contracts made for fumlshirur the
materials and performing lha labor nece«-
e»ry for *ach of the following parts cf taid
west wing, to wit: 1— For masonry work,
including all brick, concrete and cement
work, and all necessary excavating and fill-
ing. 2 — For the iron work. 3 — For tbe car-
penter, plastering, electric and glazing work.
4 — Fcr the plumbing and gasStting work. &—
For the etf am heating and ventilating work.
including the equipping of the central por-
tion end tbe east wing of the building there-
wits. 6— For the tlnnlr.g and galvanized
iron work. 7— For the painting and varnish-
ing work. No rrcposal will be considered
unless accomcanied by a bond of the pro-
i-oser eaual to ten per cent of bis proposal,
with sufficient sureties. tondiUoned that if
bit oroooeal shall be accepted he will duly
c enter Into a proper contract and faithfully
perform his or their contract or contract! in
accordance with eaid proposal. Each propo-
sal ir.u«t be made on blacks furnUhed for
that purpose, and, together with the abov«-
rsentloii~d bond, enclosed In a sealed enve-
lcpe addressed to the Trustees of the State
Normal Ucnool of San Diego. California, with
an Indorsement thereon showing wfcat por-
tion cf the building is covered by the ln-
ciomci TTountMl. end delivered to the Board
cf Trustee* of tne fftate ivcrroal ¦school of
Diego at the office of the echool la the
ttaie Normal School bullCing at San Diego,
California, before 2 o'clock p. m. of August
b. 1JKI3. Bald proposals will be publicly
opened and contract* based ther«cn will be
awarded on August 6. 1&C3, at 2 o'clock
p. m.. at the office of the 6chool in the State
Normal School building at Ban Diego, Cali-
fornia. The plans, description*, bills and
epeciflcatlcns for said west wing will ba
open to public inspection during all business
noun at the ctflee of Hebbard & GUI, archi-
tects, Oract building, 1036 Fifth et.. 6an
Diego, California, from the date of this no-
tice to tbe making of such contracts. The
Board of Trustees reserve* the right to re-
ject any or all proposals ma.de. State Nor-
tr-al School of Fan Diego. California, by II.
M. POWERS, President Board of Trustees.
Attest: FRED W. PARRISH. Secretary.
Dated at 6&n Diego, California, this 20th day
of Jutt. 1303.
PROPOSALS— Bid* wanted— Notice la hereby
given thai eealed proposal* will be received
by th« Board of Directors of the Veteran*'
Hoice of Callforcia at room 13. 220 Bansoroe
et.. Ean Francisco, Cal., up to 3:30 p. m.
en MONDAY, August 10. 1803. for furnishing
uniform ccats. pants and blouse* for the Vet-
erans' Horae. Napa County, CfiJ. (R. R. stA-
tlca. Tountville), for six month*, ending D«-
. cesber 81. 11*03. Preference Will be given to
roofi* manufactured In this State, price,
fitness and quality being equal, under the
provisions cf sec. 2247 of the Political Code.
Each bidder must accompany hi* bid with a
certified check upon eoine well-known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of th* amount of hi* bid, payable to
C. Maeon Kltine, treasurer, conditioned that
the bidder wlU eater lr.to a good and valid
coctr&ct upon notice of acceptance, as re-
culrtd by law. The board reserves the right
to reject acr or all bids and to order any
«juactlty ever or under the amount specified.
?ddrec Joha F. Eheehan secretary of the
Board cf Directors of the Veterans' Home of
Califorcia, room IS. 820 Bansome at. "»n
Francisco. CaJL By order of the Board of
Dlrecton. JOHN F. EHEEHAN. Bee.
PROPOSAL Tor public buildings. Office coj.-
etructiEg quartermaster, U. S. A., 34 Keat-
ing block. San Diego. Cal.. Aug. 5 l»03
Pealed proposals, la triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 10 a. m.. September 4 JJKtf
and then be opened for the construction"
Plumbing, heating ar.d electric wiring of two
tfouble orfloer*' quarters, one double N'-C-O-
quarteT* and cne coast artillery barrack at
Fort Rosecrasg. Cal. A guarantee required
to amount to 10 per cent of bid. Preference
will be given to article* of domestic produc
->n. coet and quality considered and to
«cae» of American production produced or
I en the Pacific Coast Bidders
«T7urt state In their bid* the titr.A i n which
they wiil complete work. Instruction* to bid
c>r» furnished at this office or at office of
chief quartermaster. Pan Francisco Cal
wher* plans and er>*clf!cationi» can be seen'
United States reserves the right tc accept or
reject any or all bids, or any r.*rt /hereof
Envelopes containing proposals should be in
donsed "Proposals for Putli? Bu!!d!r»rs Fort
Roaecranr, Cal." CAPT. R. H. ROLFE.'Q. M.
OFFICE cf C. Q. M.. Vancouver Barracks
* "Rash.. July 10. 1903.— Sealed proposals In
triplicate will be received here until 11
o'clock a. ra., August 10. 1S<J3. for furnishing
forage and qcddlng at post* in thu d«*p»ir.-
fn*nt for year ending June .'50. 1904. Inform-
ation furnished here or by quartf-rmas>ter«
at posts. U. S. rewerves the right i<> reject
nr acoe.pt eny or all proposals or any j*rt
thereof. En\-elopo* containing proixjsa:»
should be marked: "PrcpoBaU for Forage and
. Beddtcg at — " end addressed to undersigned.
F. H. HATHAWAY. C. Q. M.
ST0RAG2 AM) WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture"
household goods stored moved chipped. 725-
T31 Howard rt.. near Third : phone Grant 1CI.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co. of-
o ftce Port aad Powell «t*. ; trt. Prlv. Ex. 671.
COVKLIN'S storage— Furniture and roerchar.-
« <H»e. S33 Golden Gate ave.: phone East 128.
GOLDEN West Storage; advar.ee* made; 840
Mission rt.: trl. Howard 841. F. W. 2>hfus».
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2220 Fillmore «t. ; phone Jackson 281.
EEKINS Van and Storage Co 11 Montgomery
«t.; tel. Slain 1840, Ehlrping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
CRF.AT BARGAINS IS TrP^WRITERS^We
•ell better machines for les* money than any
house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewrite-r
Kxchange. ftTSC California; telephone Main 266.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each: get par-
tlculars, L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st. --- •
CD-HAND typewriters sold, rented repaln-d.
Webner Typewriter Inrpec. Co.. 203 Sunsome.
. m DIVIDEXD XOTICEg.
IjJVIL/UXD Notice — The OiahT~Pjwder~ConT-
pany. Con. — A dividend. No. 66, of nrty cent*
<J<Wc) per chare on the issued capital etock of
the comi*ny has been declared, payable at
"Jfice of the company, room* 2ti2, 2<U and 200
tinyward buildiag. San Francisco, August ly*
laca. Transfer books close August 3, 1902,
•4 i,e< r.. C- C QULNN, Secretary.
REAL KSTATE —^ClTY — KOH JIAXR.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 1*0 Montgomery st.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION-
AUCTION
I Of resldenoe, investment and unimproved prop-
erties will i;*. held at our salesroom, Monday.
August lo, 1903. at 12 o'clock noon.
ELLEN GALLAGHER ESTATE.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
COS Goush and ol7 Ivy ave.. SW. cor.; lm- .
rrovements consist of two houses of 7 and 10
rooms and bath pach. cottage of 4 rooms.
Steadily rented for'$SKX) per annum. Subject to
confirmation by the Superior Cour' : iot. Juxio.
• A. MA LONE Y ESTATE.
42«5--;o-3L» Eddy Ft nortli lino, near Leaven-
worth; modern building, consisting of •« ntus
of 5-<5-7 roon.j< and bath each, and also t«o
r«ar flats of r.-C rooms anJ bath each.^ in per-
fect order anJ steadily rented for V-nu per
annum; lot 2i!xl.:7:C. Subject to cur.firmation
by the Sui>crior Court. __
FOLSOM .ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Folsom Kt.. south line. bet. Fourth and Finn.
A large choice holding Will be offered In ) » u °-
OltrteUms. Lots level and ready for building,
street work ell done and accepted by 'he cii>.
A ttplendid opportunity for inverters.
WESTERN ADDITION DWELLING.
58 Elliott Park, off Stelner rt.. »>^. ° F " r '
rHI and Gfary: a good. *ubotantl»! dwelling
of 0 rooms ar.d bath- lot 22X70.
MISSION DWELLING.
4037 ISth *t. near Castro: two-story dwelling
containing * rooms and bath; lot -•'¦^i.'*-
THOMAS R. LECOUNT ESTATE.
ADMINISTRATOR SALb.
California and Locust fts.. NK. cor.; un-
improved lot 37:«xl07:7>*. Subject to con-
' h'rmation by the StfOerior Court.
CHOICE BUILDING IXVT.
Goueh *t.. east lire. bet. Vallejo and Green,
i unimproved lot, 27x100.
CATHERINE HILL ESTATE.
34 Bluxeme st., north line, near tourth; a
substantial three-Ftory building, consisting oi
Ftore 5 rooms and two flats of 5-i rooms
each; rents $C36 i>er annum; lot '_.>xi-O. »<">•
Ject to confirmation by the Superior Court.
J. B. PAINTER ESTATE.
The five following parcels will be offered:
No. 1.
SW. cor. Bryant end 25th sts.; unimproved
lets. CSxlOO each.
No. 2.
Kentucky st west line. bet. 26th and Army;
<" unimproved !ot. S0x2«<». to Tennessee Bt.
No. 3.
Lot r?4. in block. 12, of Flint Tract Homestead
i Association.
No. 4.
PW cor. Farallones and Capital sts.; un-
i improved lots. 25x105.
No. 5. •
Lots Sfift-7-8-9, Gift Map No. L
For catalogue and further particulars apply
G. H. UMBSEN 4 CO.,
20 Montgomery st.
j AUGUST OFFERING. \
Co buildlrg lots for *ale at half their value.
; Your choice of one or more lots at J20Q each,
i ra?h. or installment ; good improvements sur-
i rourd these lots. Title perfect.
••Young cr.an, buy real estate In San Fran-
risco. ar.d then work hard at your usual voca-
i tlon. Your real estate will make your old age
comfortable."
For further Information write or call on
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT CO.,
207 Montgomery street,
San Francieco. California.
52000 — HOUSE of 6 rms. and b. on Clipper St..
nr. Church: good barn; $500 down; bal. eaey
terms: must be sold. D. COFFIN & CO.,
5303 Mission st.. opp. Twenty-ninth.
|l«;ri0 — SUNNY houf-e, 5 rooms and bath, san-
itary plumbing: lot 2Rx70. 1S6 Lower Ter-
raoe. near Seventeenth and As^bury ets.
FOR sale — Houw s f ni*. ; high basement; sunny
side 10th. bet. Valencia & Mission; no reas.
offer refused. Stephens & Co.. Union-sq. Mkt.
$2*00— RENTS $30; 3 flats, 4 r. each on Vallejo
et.. nr. Leavenworth. Addrees 1128 Vallejo.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada, one year for $1.
REAL ESTATE— Country— For Sale.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logue «ent tree. CM. WOOSTER CO.. 648
Market st.
$10 000 — 40 ACRES good healthy vineyard near
Llvermore. SILAS C. WRIGHT. Llvermore.
WANTED to rent a place for raising chicken*
and vegetables. Box 4PS". Call office.
SUBURBAN REAL ESTATES.
MAPS~"and Information of Ban Rafael. Ross
and Mill valleys and Maxln County of
CROKER & CO.. real estate agents. 137
Montgomery rt.
REAL ESTATE TO QXCHANGB,
REAL estate exchange a specialty; free printed
list. Pacific Coast Exchange Bureau, SSO
Market st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAjMnei)Ajni^^
JUST WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR!
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded by flowers and fruit trees; near
train and schools; only $2S50; lot 75x125.
Nice 6-room cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
Tel. Grand 14C1. 1500 Park «t.. Alameda.
A SNAP — An eight-room modern house; best
of plumbing, on the runny side of San Joee
eve., near Cbettnut rt.; lot 60x150. Can be
bought for $3500 for a few days only.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
1422 Park st.. Alameda.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATES.
$4000— 1607 PRINCE et.. near Santa Fe R. R. ;
large 8-room bouse; high buement; sta-
ble; cow barn; 7 ttfiusea for chickens; lot
160x135; etreet work complete ; call and
W. C. MORAN A CO.,
2131 Ehattuck ave., Berkeley.
FINE. new. handsome cottages; up to date; all
conveniences; close to cars; large lots; $1560
to $1000: only $200 cash, balance $16 60 per
month.
W. C MORAN. Lorin station, or
' C. C. EMSLIE. Ashby station.
FRUITY ALE ADVERTISEMENTS
Fttt'ITVALC REAL ESTATE.
$750^-4-r6oM bouse! sewered -"lot 37x200;
bearing tr«-es; Upper Frultvale; $150 cash.
S. DOLSON. 2020 Point Lobos ave.. S. F.
Mill Valley Advertisements:
MILL VALLEY IlEAL ESTATE.
CHARMING Mill Valley is Krowlng very faat;
new hc'Uscs are springing up on all slJes,
land values are increasing rapidly; Lyon &
Hoag have placed a new tract on the mar-
ket, right at the station, and are selling lots
at from $S to $12 per front foot on terms of
10 per cent cash, balance $10 monthly; over
SO lots have been cold recently; streets aro
graded, water mains laid, electric lights,
etc.; grand old trees; don't delay, but get In
on the ground floor. Branch office. Mill Val-
ley, open Sunday. Send for booklet. LYON
A- KOAG. 116 Montgomery St. '
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OF.YICE, 1118 BEOADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL BARCAIxi^
$3,000 only for a Cne 7-room house; large lot;
all street work done;~«a«y terms.
$1,100 only for a 6-room cottage In healthiest
location cf East Oakland; easy terms;
must be sold this week.
P. C. LASSEN & CO..
4CC 10th St., i Oakland.
LOOK AT THI8.
XT you want to buy a cheap home on easy*
teims. It will pay you to see P. C. LASSEN
& CO.. 4C« Tenth st.. Oakland.
ALEX. MURDOCK. Chronicle bldg.. San Fran-
clsco. for Oakland. Berkeley or rural hornet.
O A KLAND ROO3IS AND BOAIID.
TO RENT— Rooms and private board. . 002
Fourteenth St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND KCJKNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains !n~7urn£
tur*. H. Schellhaas. 11th st. cor. «torc.Oaklnd
'^CIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
poslt'vely cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
nvrnt free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st.
. fully invited to attend the funeral services I
Friday, August 7, 19oa. at 1:30 o'clock, at I
her late home, 1200 Chestnut street. Inter-
ment St. Mary's Cemetery.
CRAIG— In Fruitvalc, August 6, 1003, at Pe-
ralta street, east . of school, Irene, beloved
daughter of David and Mary. CralK. a na-
tive of California, aaed 4 years.
FORTRIEDE — In this city, Autust 5, 1903,
Henw, beloved iiuaband of Pauline Fortriede,
and lather of Mrs. L. Cochiua and Herman
A., Augusta and Tillie Fortriede, a native of
Hamburg. Germany, aged ett years 1 month
and 20 days.
(LTTrlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlora of the H. F. Maass Company, 917
Mission street, thence to Masonic Tempie.
corner Post and Montgomery streets, where
services will be held under the auspices of
Crockett Ledge No. 139, F. and A. M.. com-
mencing at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Odd
Fellows' ' Cemetery.
.HALEY— In this city, August 6, 1903, William
. Henry, son of the late John and Margaret
Haley, and brother of M. 3. and J. M.
Haley. Mrs. M. ¦ liarradas, John Haley. Mrs.'
M. Shelly. Mrs. ~E. Armour and the lale
Mrs. Ellen Kiley, a native of San Fran-
. Cisco.
' EyFuneral notice in Saturday morning's^
papers. \,-
HAYMAN— In Bridgeport, Conn., August 3,
IBO:;, Mrs. Irene Everett Hayman, wife of
the late David L.. Hayman, and beloved
daughter of Daniel H. and Charlotte Everett.
HURLEY— In Caetroville. August 6. 1903, Mary
A., beloved wife of Daniel Hurley, and
daughter of Margaret and the late Michael
Uarry, a native of San Francisco, aged 4o
years 0 month* and 5 days..
tE^The funeral will take place Saturday,
at 9*30 o'clock, from her late residence.
McCURKELI.— In this city. August 6, 1003, at
his brother's residence, 221 Diamond street,
suddenly, John J. McCorkell, beloved son of
Hi>\ Margaret Madden and the late James
McCorkell, and brother of Oeorgs McCorkell
and Jam<M and Celia Madden, a native of
County Donegal, Ireland, aged 30 years 6
months and (j days. ¦¦¦•¦
MANNING— In Oakland. August > 5. 1903.
Emma Constance, wife of L. D. Manning,
and daughter of Edwin and Anna M. Suth-
erland.
IE?" Services and interment private.
MORRISON— In this city, August 6, 190S,
fcamuel L. Morrison, beloved son of the late |
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph H. Morrison, and
brother of Mrs. J. J. Byron. Mrs. C. Bauer,'
Mrs. J. Johnson. Joseph R. Morrison "ana
the late Fannie Barrowman, a native of San
Francisco.
MOYLAN— In this pity, August 5, 1903, Pat-
rick Moylan, beloved brother of Mary Moy-
lan, a native of County Galway, Ireland,
aged 62 years and 9 months. (Boston and St.
Paul, Minn.; >papers please copy.)
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 320 Minna street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his «oul. com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
BA BINS— In this city, August 5, 1903. Mrs.
Nellie • Sabins, beloved mother of Walter
Johnson, daughter of the late Matthew and
Ellen White, and beloved sister of Margaret
and Matthew White. Mrs. D. Klmball and
Mrs. H. c. Moyce, a native of San Fran-
cisco.
OTriende and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Friday), at 10 o'clock, at 2234 Tay-
lor street. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery, by carriage.
ALTA Parlor No. 3, N. D. O. W.— Member*
are requested to attend the funeral of our
late sister. Mrs. Nellie Sabins. to-day (Fri-
day), nt 10 o'clock, from 2234 Taylor street.
By order of »
MISS M. BROWN. President.
C. L. FAULKNER. Secretary.
STEWART— In Hajwards, t August 6. 1903.'
Ammboyce Stewart, wife ot William Stew- '
art, and mother of Martha A. and David J.
Etewart and Mrs. B. A. Strowbrldge, a na-
tlve of Canada, aged 74 years 4 months and >
10 days.
(LT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Friday), at 1 o'clock, at her late
resilience. Interment San Lorenzo Cemetery. ¦
STRATTON— Entered into rest, in Berkeley,
August 6, l!»03, at the residence of O. V.
Lange. 140O Mllvia street. James Btratton,
father, of Mrs. Ida A. Coady. a native of
Bolton, Mats., aged S3 years 7 months and
2tt Anyt.
CTFriPnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
FrIJjy aft» moon. August 7, 1903, at 2 o'clock, !
at th.* residence of O. V. Lange, 1400 Mllvia
street, Berkeley. Cremation private.
TANNIAN— In this city, August 5, 1903, Mar-
tin, beloved husband of Conelia Tannian
beloved sort of Mrs. A. and the late John
"Tannian, and brother of Mamie, Kate and
Annl« Tannian, a native of San Francisco,
aged 3S years and 21 days.
(E7"The funeral will take place Friday.
August 7, 1903, at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
.residence .616 Union street, thence to St.
Francis Church, where a high requiem mass ;
will be celebrated for, the rppoee of his soul,
commencing at t» o'clock. Interment private.
•Ple*«e'OTT)it -flower»> ¦ -i .-*» — •- • «¦ - —
TRITTENBACH— In this city, August 6, 190.'.,
Jacob Trittenbach, beloved father of Gus-
tav, Albert and Emll Trittenbach, a native
of Switzerland, aged 83 years 10 months and
11 days. '
WILLIAMSON— In this city. August 6. 1903.
Edward M., dearly beloved son of Joseph
and Mary Williamson, brother of Johnnie
and tho late Henry Williamson, and grand-
son of Mrs. Johanna and the late Michael
Llnchan, a. native of San Francisco, aged 1
year 11 months and 10 days.
WILLIS— In Missoula, Mont., August 3 1903
Agnes, beloved wife of G. A. Willis, daugh-
ter of William and Mary Burge. and sister
of Lottie and William Henry Burge and Mnj.
Edward Westohal, a native of San Fran-
cisco, agfd 18 years 7 months and 16 days.
TT7Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlora of
McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
WOODS — Friends and acquaintances are re-
spectfully invited to attend the month's mind
solemn requiem mass for the repose of the
soul of the , late Mrs. Bridget J. Woods at
Mission Lolores Church to-morrow (Satur-
day), at 9 o'clock.
YOUNG— In this city, August 6, 1003, at thu
French Hospital, Pauline Werner Young, be-
loved wife of J. B. Young of 1043 Sixty-
second street, Oakland, mother of William
Pauline and John Young, and sister of Mrs.
W. W. West of Penna Grove, a native of
Prussia.- aged 46 years and 14 days.
©B©fflOH©H«B©H©aesieB«HOB©H3H©a9BOH©H©BOH©n®S«aon©OOE«HOaOHOBOBOn«H«aOn
H- ¦ . ..¦..-¦•¦ 9
: -;-'\''iv-' ;i . * • .\ ' ' • • . . . , ¦
H , ¦ . - ¦ ;¦• - : . ¦;-¦."¦".._.;.::¦ ¦ ".V." ¦ .- •¦-:- .;-v ;;::.• .' ¦- ; • ' ¦
S A POLISH CUSTOM «|
• , . .¦ j|
I By KOWALSKI f
jl Call Art Supplement, August 9,l90T]j
§ ¦'¦'¦ * ¦ -. ¦ 8
g "The Wedding Party," by Kowalski, illustrates the Polish form of a g
¦ custom which exists in almost every civilized and many semi-civilized ®
g| . ' countries. o
O In the agricultural districts of Poland, where horses are most neces- q
% eary to cover long distances over the broad steppes, it is most natural . 3
? that the wedding procession should take the form of a "promenade en gj
i D voiture." It is such a scene, full of life and gayety, that is depicted in
j g the picture reproduced in the art supplement. Laughing faces, bright it
j © color and lively movement combine to give the scene a character of joy- 5
q ousness and a "go" seldom found in pictorial representations. B
¦ "The Wedding Party," which is at present exhibited at the Chicago 2
B Art Institute, is the property of Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Bosenbaum of Chi- O
fi cago, and is held in high favor. ¦
S I — ! — <— ' I
§ | Cut this description out of, the paper and paste it on the back of the picture after it is framed! 1 1
B ...... . . . ¦ . . - 55
b : This ; beautiful picture will be offered FREE, as usual, of course, g
S •' with the next Sunday issue of THE CALL. ©
i All Newsdealers Self The Sunday Calif
3 And it would be well to place your order early, as the supply is limited. §
0 ; „
§ THEY ARE FRAMING THE CALL ART SUPPLEMENTS |g
S ____ The Following Art Dealers Are Making a Specialty of Framing Call Art Supplements: ___ _ "
B SACRAMENTO— Hevener, Mler & ton Racket Store, 711 East Main street; SAN DIEGO— W. P. Fuller & Co.. n ¦
'5 Co 615 J street: C. N. Davis, book Gage's art store, 509 East Main street; F street. . •
1 store. 817 K street. vFhM* FRESNO-Sronce & Dick. g
S PETALUMA-H. S. Gutermute, J. oTkLANdTeIj: Sake, 13 Tele- REDDING-W. H. Bergh. "Bergh •
B M - Wyckott. graph avenue; A. A. Barlow, 369 Twelfth furniture Company"; T. J. Houston, g
O SAN JOSE— George Denne, M. Li«n- street. Houston Furniture Company. ©
h ten & Son. * ALAMEDA— C. P. Magagnos. 1333 REDWOOD CITY— W. L. Kline. B
i S STOCKTON— Morris Bros.* Book- Park street. ' SANTA CRUZ— H. E. Irish, Cooke Q
i a store, 20 North Eldorado street; Stock- CHICO— Fetters & Williams. Bros., F. R. Hew. George Hoban. • : H
; QB«BOH«H«aoB«HOBoaoi9a«aoa«HoaoH©noaoHonoHoaoEOBoaoHOHOHOiica9230BOBoaBank Stock paper, the best on earth. Mysell-
Rollins.'M Clay st. sell It. It saves the sight.*
- RoBcoe Kinsey^and Fred Brunson, pri
vates in the Twenty-seventh Company.
Coast Artillery, had a fight in a saloon on
Pacific street early yesterday morning
and Brunson used his teeth on Klnsey's
ear and linger. Klnscy called at the Cen
tral ) police , station and was \taken to the
Harbor Hospital, , where his wounded ear
and'flnger were'dressed. \ \ H
Bitten by a Comrade.
Secret of * three \ noted society women's
beauty. Read the Wai>p. : • ¦ ' • ':'
A coal oil lamp exploded on Wednesday
night In the bedroom of Mrs. Bridget
Ahern, 1009 Bryant street, and set fire to*
the window shades. The. flames were ob
served by Policeman : Butler, who called
Policeman William Hy land to. his assist
ance, and 'with the aid of buckets they
quickly extinguished tho blaze. Mrs.
Ahem Is more than 80 yearq. of age and
bedridden, and If it had not been for the
opportune, arrival of the- policemen she
might have been burned to 'death. She
suffered no;lll effects from the shock.
Save Old Lady From Flames.
A. Abrahamson of the Hotel Richelieu
had a badly inflamed foot which he cured
in a short time with Koenigstein's Red
Salve. •
MANILA. Aug. 6.— The effort of the
United States Government to introduce
Its new currency into the- Philippine
Islands has not met with the success that
was expected— Although "a large quantity
of the coins minted at Ban Francisco have
reached the islands, there exists consid
erable prejudice against their use, espe
cially in the provinces. The bankers, of
x.ianila, having become convinced of the
necessity of action In the matter, held a
conference to-day with Governor Taft,
and after a full discussion promised to
render the Government all the aid in their,
power to secure the acceptance of tie'
American peso as the standard of . value
and the general use of the new coins.
Prejudice Exists Among the Natives
Against the Use of the
New Coins.
AMERICAN PESO FAILS
M ' TO PLEASEi FILIPINOS
Adyson Blair, who while en route from
Ean Jose to this city June 25 last was ar
rested by Alexander Underwood and T.
W. Carroll of the Garden City, Hied suit
for $3900 damages against them yesterday.
He alleges that his arrest, which subse
quently proved a mistake, caused him
preat humiliation.
Arrest Causes Damage Suit.
The case of Daniel Lawlor, charged
with robbery, was dismissed by Police
Judge Cabaniss yesterday. He was ac
cused of having- held up Charles Mark
rnarj, a contractor, living at 333 Thirteenth
htreet, at Eighth and Mission streets on
the morning of July 30, along with an
other man, and taking a silver watch and
$14 from him. Marknian testified yester
day that he could not swear positively to
the identity of Lawlor. although he
picked him out of Fix men at the City
Prison a lew hours after the robbery.
Robbery Charge Dismissed.
* Burt ' Thomas,-;special revenue - officer,
the'n gave direct testimony. 'He said that
in searching/ through \ the fileroom he
found * the fourteen fraudulent duplicate
certificates mentioned in the indictment
against Dillard in ¦ a package by them
selves among \ some bona , fide . documents.
The originals of » the. duplicates were; not
in existence bo far as the. records, of the
office indicated." He also told of finding a
stubbook in Dillard's desk with the fraud
ulent ' duplicate certificate for • one Ho
'Quong still unattached and made out in
Dillard's ; handwriting.
About, May 24 the Chinese go-b»tween,
Toy .Man. Sing, called ¦ at Thomas'/ office
and at Lynch's office half : a" dozen | times
in an endeavor to get this incriminating
evidence. When Dillard was v discovered,
Thomas says that :> he went to the rooms
Attorney • Woodworth then called upon
the following members of. -the clerical
staff in '• the revenue offices to state that
Dillard had sole/charge of the issuing of
duplicate certificates: Charles F. Bright
enatein, Alfred Bettman, LeonyDennery,
Martin Lichtenstciner, De Witt C.Dixon,
William Gilchrist, Gilroy^ F. ifcott, C. G.
Perkins, J. G. Tyrrell, R. E. Martin, Miss
May Burke,' Miss Carrie A.- Jessup, Miss
E. Everhart, A. Lewis, Charles W.-New
house, John M. Platt,' Frank J. Snow. L.
M. King, C. T. Frost and Frank H.Drig
co'll..'. .-> • ¦ ¦ • > ' - ; '
Miss . Emma] D. Monnet, stenographer in
Lynch's office, and Miss Emma" Sloss, a
deputy; collector, 'were quizzed -at' some
lengt^i." Sh'ortridge accused Miss "Sloss
of- copying ;affldavits and certificates
for Dillard )? and .' other members '¦'¦;'. of
the office" staff, but, she vigorously denied
having ever done so. Miss Sloss Identified
the letter press' copy, of a letter dictated
to'-' her' by. Dillard.
V.Vfi THOMAS TELLS STORY.
At the hands of Shortrldge Mehan
fared badly. The attorney for the pris
oner at the bar tried, to make Mehan
acknowledge that.he doubted the genuine
character of any of Lynch's signatures
and. had . reduced the Chinese inspector
to almost temporary prostration < before
Judge'de, Haven interfered. ' ":.. : . . ¦*.
MEHAN IS FLUSTERED.
Wright said that when Lynch received
the note from the District Attorney of El
Paso,. Texas, inquiring for file 6S701. con
taining the originals' of' certificates
thought to be fraudulent, he searched in
the file room, and after a three days* in
termittent effort discovered the book on
a lower shelf, hidden behind a box of
envelopes, so as to be effectually con
cealed from any casual scrutiny.
Upon cross-examination Attorney Short
ridse, in attempting to prove that many
people were in the habit of frequenting
the file room, made Wright admit -that,
together with the young women in the of
fice, he had sometimes discussed a, lus
cious • watermelon below the| volumes of
Chinese certificates, and that on one oc
casion he had even gone in there with
Dillard to take a look at a flat bottle.
Charles Mehan. head of the Chinese
Bureau in this city, then related how he
had first discovered the existence of the
fraudulent certificates at Deming, N. M.
He said that he had doubted the authen
ticity of the reply purporting to have
come- from Collector Lynch In response to
a demand foe file No. 6S701 of the original
certificates and had put the alleged for
gery into the hands of the local -District
Attorney at Demine. . ., . -
George A. Wright, chief deputy clerk in
tho Internal Revenue Offlce, then related
his intimate knowledge' of Dillard's ac
tions while clerk In the office. He said
that Dillard took sole charge of the busi
ness of issuing duplicate certificates. Dil
lard.also had- the key to the ¦postoffice
box and opened all the ordinary business
mall before Collector Lynch came to the
office.
man, by which he had been smuggled int
the country' on a fraudulent certificate.
The trembling . witness then, said that
he paid 3100, into the hands of the white
man, whose name he did not remember
because American names were : not easy
ones. He said that the $100 was, also for
the- far away "black man." 'Like his pre
decessor, he failed to see. any similarity
between the portrait of himself and that
appearing on the original paper . in the
files of* the Collector of Revenues. He
taid that the white agent who . acted as
middleman to. get him across : the border
had metThim through. a. letter. from Toy
Man Sing. H§SI
ATE WATERMELON IN OFFICE.
Woo Yung next told 'a story »of similar
operations of a white man and a black
"In Deming, New Mexico. ' I had them
made and -gave thorn to the white mhn to
8end to the black man." . :
"It came from a -black -'man -in San
Francisco. '-Toy Man Sing got it from the
black man and' sent 'it to a -white man
where I was, in ElPaso/MexIco.'He gave
it to me." ; ¦-.;*.- -. "' .<-¦-..... . .
"Where did you have these photographs
on the' certificates taken?"' i '¦-"'.
"How did you yet that'"certlficate.. which
carried .you 'across '.the * border?'. 1 ; : asked
Attorney -tVoodwrorth; - • ' !* v '
• Sam. Tat Sam, who had the stand < yes
terday, when he testified to 'slipping 'over
the border on a fraudulent certificate,
was recalled by Attorney Wbodworth.
He was shown the photograph which ac
companied tha original certificate bearing
his name and swore that the photograph
on that one was not that of him' as it ap
peared on the fraudulent duplicate. At
torney Shbrtridire for the defendant could
not induce Sam Vat Sam to be uncertain
as to hisi-own identity, much as he might
waver- on other questions.- Ye To Yow
then. took' tha witness chair."- • ' ¦'. \
F. B. Bell and A.' I* "Worthy, attorneys,
first took the stand to say that they had
often bad dealings with Dillard in his ca
pacity of clerk of the Chinese, certificates.
They said that Dillard '. allowed them to
compare their duplicate ; certificates with
the originals in the- archives of the files.
CHINESE BEVEAL ! PLOT.
the Northern District of Califor
nia is greatly desired. This is Toy Man
Sing, erstwhile merchant of- Chinatown
and alleged accomplice of William' II. Dil
lard. the colored ex-clerk in the' office of
the United States Internal Revenue Col
lector, now standing trial for the forgery
of fraudulent Chinese certificates. Toy
Man Sing is lost to the grip of the law,
but hlsjllicit dealings with Dillard were
exposed before the bar of justice yester
day.
Three weazened-faced Chinese . testified
yesterday that they came across the
Mexican border on certificates furnished
them by this same Toy Man Sing"; who
had, in turn, procured the magic talis
mans from, some "black man", in San
Francisco. Revenue Agent Burt'Thomp
son told of the raid made upon the quar
ters of the shrewd Chinaman after his
hasty departure for the Orient, arid of the
discovery there of incriminating evidence
needed to complete . the chain which
bound the fugitive Dillard to the whole-,
sale fraud perpetrated upon the Govern
ment.
In Incongruous contrast to the Jabber-
Ing and thoroughly frightened Chinese
witnesses there were also pretty, stenog
raphers and chic young women ' clerks
from" the office of Collector Lynch, to add
their quota to the mountain of evidence
which is being piled, up against their for
mer dusky associate, j
SOMEWHERE among the swarm
- ing millions In far-off China there
Is a wily Celestial whose presence
in the United States Court for
Mar.y catches of fish are being daily made.
end the hunter with the deer on his shoulders
corneii in every evening tired and hungry, but
rmud.
ThlF whole rour.tr>' is a Mecca for the sports
man. If he has not selected a location where
he can board during his hunt the same will
be readily found in "Vacation 1903." issued by
the California Northwestern Hallway. •
BERLIN. Aug. C.-^Slegfreid Wagner has fin
ished his new opera, entitled "KoboJd" <Goh
lln). Tho premiere will be given at Lelpsio
next season. 1
of Toy at 625 Dupont street, but found
the wary Chinese had departed for China.
There Thomas said that he found dupli
cate photographs of. those appearing on
fraudulent certificates.
"I had been previously struck by the
fact," said Thomaa, "that Dlllard was
constantly In the company of Toy Man
Sing before the disappearance of both of
them. Toy was often in Dillard's office
and the prisoner was several times seen
by me at Toy's place of business. When
Dillard disappeared there were 200 certifi- j
cates missing from the stubs . of his;
books." * , iji-
The cross-examination of Thomas will
take place to-day.
"I wanted to go to Honolulu, but papa
wouldn't listen to the proposition, i He
also kicked last year when I asked him
to send me over to Europe,, but I'll get
there before many years. California is
a, great place for a boy to come to, for
there Is lots to see here and a fellow can
get along nicely without much trouble."
"Traveling ain't so hard for a boy if
he is used to it, and this trip didn't worry
me a bit until I got into California, and
then the fleas began to bite me. ( Whew!
But don't they chew you?
Master Dennett Bell, a mite of a boy,
12 . years of age, arrived from Los An
geles yesterday, having completed half
of a Journey which will terminate when
ho returns to his home in Chicago. The
youngster is the son of Frank Er Bell,
city ticket agent of the Burlington road
in Chicago, and alone he is making a tour
of the coast, seeing and. enjoying all that
appeals to his youthful mind. He is a
remarkable young traveler ip that this
is not his first trip around the country.
M'hen only six years old he was dispatch
ed on a pleasure trip down the Missis
sippi River to the Mexican gulf and since
then has made another journey from Chi
cago south as far as Alabama, this time
accompanied by his little sister. His only
credentials are his passes, provided him
by the various railroads, and a few let
ters which his father has given his son
addressed to railroads agents in the vari
ous towns and -cities which are included
In the' itinerary of the traveler.
Young Bell is a pupil of the Chicago
schools and Is allowed to travel during
the vacation months. He started west
ward on his present, trip on July 22 and
went direct to Los Angeles, where he was
afforded every facility within the power
of the railroad officials there to visit the
different points of interest, -and finally
he proceeded on his journey to this city,
where he contemplated with pleasure a
chance to visit the Cliff House and hear
the seals bellow. Dennett Immediately
upon his arrival here yesterday paid his
respects to G. W. Hallock, city passenger
agent of the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company, who is an old friend of the
boy's father and who at- once Invited the
little fellow to be his guest during his
stay in San Francisco. Discussing his
trip yesterday with a Call reporter, Den
nett said in a rather blase manner:
Little Dennett Bell of
Chicago Sees Sights
of Country
The complaint alleges that Mary A. Ha
gan assigned an insurance policy for $5090
to her in return for services and moneys
advanced. The terms of the policy were
that if Mrs. Hagan should die within six
months after the issuance of the policy
the defendant would pay to- the benefi
ciary double the amount called for by the
policy, aiirl that if she should die within !
a year aftrr that period her beneficiary j
would be paid one-half the amount of the ;
jtolicy, or $2500. The insured died within
the latter period, and the complaint al- x
lepres that the company had refused to
I>ay the complainant anything more than
the sum of the premiums paid.
« m ¦
August. STtemtxr, October and November
ere really the enjoyable months to spend in
the country, and la no place Js this more so
than along the California Northwestern Rail
way.
It is a time when the crops one after an
other are lipeninr. from the fruits to grapes
and hops. Nature is maturing and the cli
matic conditions are in unison.
During this time the fish are more readily
c»uRfct and they are plentiful. Trout in the
streams and trout and bass in the rivers and
lakes.
The pane has been well protected through
out thl? s«h tion acd deer are easily found. In
Marin County the open Keacon for deer is from !
July 15 to September 15; in Sonoma County, j
until September 1. and in Mf-ndocino and I>ak« {
counties until October 1. The dove season is i
open from July 15 to February 15. j
Clara Mauze. a widow, filed a suit yes
terday In the United States Circuit Court
against the Old Wayne Mutual Lite As
sociation of Indiana to recover 52500 al
leged to be due her upon a policy for
$25^0 upon the life of Mary A. Ha^an. de
ceased.
WIDOW DEMANDS MONEY
ON A FRIEND'S DEATH
Suit Against a Company on a Pe
culiarly Worded Policy of
Life Insurance.
BOY OF TWELVE
TOURS ALONE
GRAUMAN SELLS
THEATER STOCK
STOREKEEPERS
FILE PROTEST
Bitterly Complain of
Delay in Repaying
Third Street.
No Longer Manager of
House That Bears
His Name.
Dennis J. Grauman Is no longer connect
ed with the Pacific Coast Vaudeville Com
pany. Ho has resigned as, manager of the
circuit and also as manager of the theater
at Seventh and Market streets that bears
his name.
Grauman sold out his stock to the other
members of the company last Saturday,
and they allege that he has not given sat
isfaction either* a3 manager of the circuit
or of the Grauman Theater for some time.
Although Grauman has sold out his
stock in the Pacific_Coast Vaudeville
Company, he still retains an interest In
the Unique Theater, on Market street, of
which Mrs. Straus, former owner of th©
Bay State market, owns the majority of
the stock.
The Pacific Coast Vaudeville Company
was organized" in the month of April of
this year. At the present time, besides
owning tho Grauman Theater in this city,
it also conducts amusement houses in
Oakland, Portland, Or., and Seattle.
In discussing Grauraan's retirement
frpm the vaudeville company ona of the
stockholders said:
"Grauman retired as manager of tha
Pacific Coast Vaudeville Company on Sat
urday. He also sold out his stock at the
sanWtlme. I do not care to discuss the
matter or to criticize Grauman. All I Care
to say'ls that his business methods were
not satisfactory to us.
"Mr. Grauman was using tha attractions
that we imported from the East to play
In the theaters on his minor circuit. In
future we will have features of a ' high
order of merit and will change- the name
of the theater to the Lyceum."
Grauman Is supposed to have made a
nice profit in selling out.
Artificial camphor Is now made in Ger
many for the trade, as chlorohydrate of
terebinth. It has a peculiar valu© In les
sening: the dangers of nltroglycerin and
making gelatin dynamite more effective.
A | number of storekeepers on Third
street appeared before the Supervisors'
Street Committee yesterday to protest
asalnst granting the Barber Asphalt
Company an extension of ninety days
within which to complete its contract to
widen and repave the thoroughfare named
from Mission to Berry streets. The store
keepers bitterly complained that the
wretched condition of the street had
caused business to suffer to the extent of
50 per cent.
Gratz K. Brown of the pavingr company
stated that It was ready to proceed with
the work if it could get work room.
Brown said the railroad company was be
hindhand owing to the difficulty encoun
tered at the crossings. General Manager
Chapman, who I was communicated with
by telephone, said that the United Rail
roads did not desire an extension of time.
President Casey of the Board of Public
Works said the United Railroads had en
tered into a verbal agreement to turn
the cars from Third street at Mission to
Fourth street and thus permit the work
to proceed without hindrance. Casey
added that the company had not lived up
to the agreement, and that the only rem
edy was to compel the company to run Its
cars down Fourth street. The committee
summoned Manager Chapman and Super
intendent of Construction Lynch^o ap
pear before it this morning to seeif the
arrangements suggested could not be car
ried out so the work may proceed.
Tho committee reported In favor of a
resolution requesting the Board of Pub
lic Works to provide a sufficient sum out
of Its county road fund to repair Buena
Vista avenue, one-half of the expense to
be- paid by property-owners. •
The committee reported in favor of ac
cepting New Montgomery street. E. A.
Selfridge protested without avail on the
ground that a portion of the street Is pri
vate property. The committee held that
the city Jias a title by user and since 1SS5
has actually owned the street, despite the
fact that the Selfridges have paid taxes
thereon.
The Sanitary Reduction Works was
granted permission to build a spur track
on Rhode Island street.
• The committee reported in favor of the
map. showing the boundaries of the dis
trict affected and to be assessed fpr
changes of grades on Polk and Chestnut
streets; on certain streets on Parnassus
Heights; of ordering the construction of
a sewer in Pine street, between Mason
and Taylor; of referring, to the City En
gineer the complaint of the. University
Mound and Bay View Improvement Club
that tho Board of Public Works has not
removed obstructions in the districts
named.
The committee referred to the City En
gineer the proposed ordinance providing
for a grant to the Western Pacific Rail
way Company for a right of way for a
steam road along certain streets." he to
report upon the route selected by the peti
tioner. : ; .-';\iu "¦
SETS DATE FOR CIVED
*};"¦: SERVICE EXAMINATION
_The Civil Service Commission will hold
an examination for truckmen in the Fire
Department on September 5, 1903. The
scope of. the examination will be: Physi
cal qualifications, 50; athletic test, 20; gen
eral knowledge of duties. 20; writing of
report. 10: total, 100-^
Applicants must be 5 feet 9 inches in
height and weigh 133 pounds stripped.
The medical examinations will be held
August 27. 28 and 29; the athletic exami
nation August 31, September 1 and 2.
The athletic test will be as follows: Run
(about S3 yards)— 13 seconds. 20 credits;
14 seconds, 10 credits: 15 seconds. 5 cred
its. Ladder work— Hand over hand on
ladder, up and down five rungs. 4 credits
to a rung. Carrying dummy weighing 125
pounds up and down an inclined ladder;
maximum credit 20. Waultins the horse
(4 feet 2 inches)— Maximum credit 20: ten
credits off for touching any part of the
body, hands- excepted. Climbing perch
pole— Maximum credit 20 for 10 feet clear;
under 10 feet, 2 credits to a foot.
May Introduce Water Supply.
,The Spring 'Valley Water Company no
tified the Supervisors' Water Committee
yesterday that the request of property
holders in the district bounded by Eight
eenth and/Twentieth avenues and N and
O streets tor the Introduction of a water
supply will be compiled with only when
the district is graded and macadamized
and the number of houses is sufficient to
warrant the expense, when a subsidiary
reservoir may be constructed. . .
Referring to the: complaint of lack of
pressure on Pacific street, the company
says it Is laying a twenty-four-inch main
into the Western Addition, designed to Im
prove the fire and domestic "pressure in,
that reglon.^«BSHS£SB
Before a fay in the United States Cir
cuit Court yesterday the trial of the eult
cf Mrs. Maud Van Buren against the
Mountain Copper Company, Limited, was
begun. The suit was brought to recover
$30,000 damages alleged to have been sus
tained by the death of her husband, John
Van Buren. who was killed on March 3,
3902, by the caving of a stope In which
he was working. The case was tried in
the Circuit Court last year and the Jury
awarded Mrs. Van Buren 515,000 damages,
but the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals cet aside the verdict and ordered
a new trial.
J. C. Campbell appeared for the com
rteinant and T. C Van Ness for the de
fendant. The testimony for the plaintiff
wts to the effect th*t Van Buren applied
for work above ground and, contrary to
his protest, was sent underground to
work as a mucker, he being at the time
rot experienced in mining and having eo j
informed the agents of the company. It i
v as while so employed that the stope j
caved In and buried Van Buren and his
feven fellow workers.
The contention of the complainant was
that the stope had been improperly tim
bered and that the death of Van Buren
was caused by the gross negligence of
the defendant in failing properly to tim
ber the slope. Mrs. Van Buren testified {
That at the time of the accident she had
been married nine years and was the
mother of three living children: Maud.
Mabel and John.
The trial will be continued this morn
ing, t
Counsel for the other Fide conveys the im
pression that he has been foroed to do to by
their proceedings. I desire to eay such Is not
the case. His account is filed because it Is his
duty to file it, and not because of the proceed
ings instituted by the heirs. He is In court
within a very reasonable time after settling
all the claims against the estate, and is pre
pared to show that the charges made against
him are foundatlonless.
I do not" feel disposed to consent to that, in
view of the fact that there are jurisdlctlonal
defects In the present proceedings that I desire
to fo into. I am not willinff for a continuance.
My client's motives h^ve been irriiURne-i and
I do net feel that he . Vould rest under the im
pvtatlon that he lias not acted for the best ;a
terests of petitioners. He lias come Into court
with his final account and a petition for. find
distribution of the Cogswell estate within' two
weeks after the payment of the lant claim
against the estate, and I submit to the court
that he has shown that he has not ,been dila
tory.
Wheeler appeared disgusted with the
failure of his move. When Partridge
asked that the hearing of both petitions
go over, until August IS, he said:
William G. Henshaw, executor of the
estate of the late Caroline E. Cogswell,
who has been charged' by" the heirs of
Mrs. Cogswell w.ith delaying the distri
bution of her estate in order that he
might be pecuniarily benefited, executed
a flank movement in Judge Troutt's court
yesterday that had the effect of placing
the attorneys for the heirs in a peculiar
position. Through his attorney, Charles
S. Wheeler. Henshaw asked that the pe
tition for partial distribution be dismissed
because he had placed on file an account
of his stewardship and a petition ' for
final distribution of the estate.
Distribution is what the heirs want, but
they hardly expected that it would come
on request of Henshaw, whom they have
branded as an opponent of their interests.
Attorney John S. Partridge, who, with
Walter D. Mansfield, represents the heirs,
refused to dismiss his petition until he
had time to examine. Henshaw's account
and petition.
"It comes at this time,", he said, "like
a thunderclap but of a clear sky and I de
sire time to examine into the documents."
Wheeler, who, up to yesterday, had
used his best endeavors to secure con
tinuances of the hearing of the heirs' peti
tion, easily shifted his position and op
posed the granting of time and suggested
that Partridge consent to the dismissal
of his petition. The latter was obdurate,
however, and refused Wheeler's request,
though he intimated that a dismissal
would follow shortly. He preferred, he
said, that the matter go over until Au
gust 18, the time set for the hearing of
Henshaw's petition. Mansfield said he
was willing to consent to a dismissal, but
Partridge remained firm. He did, how
ever, consent that, the matter should be
heard to-day and Judge Troatt set it for
2 o'clock, when, in all probability, pro
viding the Henshaw petition Is not found
to contain a joker, the Partridge petition
will -be dismissed.
Surprises v Cogswell Heirs
by Petitioning for Ap
¦ portionment.
Charges the Mountain Copper
Company With the
Responsibility.
Alleges Her Husband's
Life Was Lost by*
Negligenca
Executor Henshaw Files
an Account of" His
Stewardship.
MRS. VAN BUREN
WANTS DAMAGES
DISTRIBUTION
NOW PROBABLE
THE SAISTFEAK CISCO CALLV FK1DAY, AUGUST 7, 1903.
Pretty Stenographers From Revenue Collector's Office-and
Chinese Who Were Smuggled Over Border Give Testi
mony Which Makes Strong Case Against the /Accused
INCRIMINATING STORIES
TOLD AGAINST DILLARD
GOVERNMENT OFFICIAL, WHO IS STRIVING TO CONVICT COLORED
EX-CLERK OF FORGING RESIDENCE CERTIFICATES FOR CHI
NESE, AND PRETTY STENOGRAPHER WHO TESTIFIED IN CASE.
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OINTMENT
Purest of ' Emollients - and
Greatest of Skin Cures.
The Most Wonderful Curative
ofAinime
For Torturing, Disfiguring
Skin Humours .
And Purest and Sweetest of
Toilet Emollients."
Cntlcura Ointment la beyond question
the most successful curative for tortur-
ing, dlsflguringhumonrs of the skin and
scalp, including loss of hair, ever
compounded, in proof -of which a
single anointing preceded by a hot bath
•with Cuticura Soap, and followed in
the severer cases, by a 'dose of Cutl-
enra Eesolvent, is of ten sufficient to
afford immediate relief in^themost
distressing forms of itching, burning
and scaly humours, permit -rest and
sleep, and point to a speedy cure when
all other remedies fall. It is especially
so in the treatment of infants and chil-
dren, cleansing, soothing and healing
the most distressing of infantile hu-
mours, and preserving, purifying and
beautifying the ekin, scalp and hair.
J Cuticura Ointment possesses, at tho
same time, the charm of satisfying the
simple wants of the toilet, In caring for
the skin, scalp, hair, hands and feet,
from infancy to age, far more effect-
ually, agreeably and economically than
tha most expensive of toilet emollients.
Its "Instant relief for skin-tortured
babies," or V Sanative,antlseptlc cleans-
ing," or "One-night treatment of the]
hands or feet,*? or '.» Single, treatment
of the hair," or "Use after athletics,"
cycling, golf, tennis, riding," sparrinsr,
or , any sport; each in connection with,
the use of Cnticara '¦ Soap, ; is sufficient ;
evidence of this. . <
.SoMthroofchwrt th«w«M^ Cntlmn *****?>*£'&. a 2, \
form <it ChoeoUta Coated PH1«,2Sc!.P«t tW lof «J).Ota«-
TatnU Me. Soap, 2£e. , Depotti London. 77 Cburttrhotut
Rq-l Pan., 6 Rui de U F»ixi Boetoa, 137 Columbu \ ATfc
roller Drag (t Chrm. Corp.. 8ole Proprietor. ;
' W Eend for •' Th» Cutiean Skin »«»*¦„"
ADVXBTISEMENTC
Sale of 50 I
School Dresses. |
Ages 12, 14 and 16 years, (|
A SPECIAL INDUCE- (j
MENT FOR FRIDAY ri
; AND SATURDAY. |
Made of basket weave cheviot, J
in shades of gray, tan, green
iv and navy; trimmed with cluny
;J lace and fancy silk braid; well '>
tailored and perfect fitting.
Replar
JyLjalne $15.50
SALE
Im&j] PRICE
NEW ADVERTISEMEITTS. ' >
WASHING WITHOUT WATER
Is Like Trying to Get Rid of Dan-
draff Without Herpicide.
Did you ever se^any one trying to wash
themselves without soap or water?
If you did, what would you say of him?
It is every bit as foolish to try to get
rid of dandruff and to prevent baldness
by feeding the germs which cause it with
cantharldes, vaseline, glycerine and simi-
lar substances, which form the principal
ingredients of most so-called hair vigors.
Newbro's Herpicide is successful becau.-e
it attacks and kills the parasitic germ
which feeds on th© hair roots.
It is the original and only genuine sca!p
germicide manufactured. /
Sold by leading- druggists. Send 10c In Q
stamps for sample to The Herpicide Co..
Detroit. Mich. .
CASTOR I A
For Infants and CMldren,
Us Kind You H27B Always Bought
Signature of C^Z^/r./^^^lt
U EeUk^Vt Ointment accomplishes Mton*
H IBtolng curw of sfctndtseae««, after the moat
H powerful internal remedies hare failed,
n After batiln ? t he part witb JZtitAetl'» &>ap
H lists HfitkeU't Ointment and it will qulrltl/ >
S remove a.'l Ittotcbes, Pimples. Kruptions
9 and Sorca. I'urea Tetter. Erysipelas, Salt
B Rheam. Scald Head, itch. Ringworms,
3 Ulcers, Piles. Barber's Itcb ; relieves and
9 beals Bums and Scalds. Makes the skin
9 soft and beautiful. Prescribed by pby-
9 stcfaDsforhalfacentarv. At druggists 30c.
M 8end for free boc& of testimonials. «
W JOBSSTOS, ROLLOWAT * CO., rtUsdalp&la.
liflaTfllMWlMftW
> »
.yfypfcr- German Eya Water, a harmles* ¦
remedy, 60c; by mail, CCs. CAU-
'^O&TjSal TION — The B^nuina bear* slgaa-
ture ot Geo - Mayerle, also trade-
mark — eye with a crown. GEO.
MAYEHLE. German Expert Optician, inn
Market. San Francisco. Cat Phona South 872.
-- • 1 . '¦¦¦ APV^RTisEMsanrs.
> < \> — T"
Raise the Standard I Tickle Your Purse
of Your Clothing ...by Saving...
By buyng^the- Best" In correct, mo ney you save by buying
comfortable, well-made ° " ' J . ¦
garments. | | your clothing from us.
V /
Our prices and oup garments are backed by 40 years' experience
and reputation. We have in stock the largest line of clothing
for man, boy and child that can be found in San Francisco.
The pride of our store is our Children's Department, where
We have every kind of a suit to please the little fellows.
We offer to-day and to-morrow
Sailor Suits &f)l flfl worth 2-Piece Suits 0^ f\ $\ worth
Ages 3 to 10 {p/iUU $3.50 Ages 8 to 15 {Qyi||U $ 4 - 50
In all-wool Serges and Cheviots, Pants lined throughout
OPEN SATURDAYS TILL 10 P. M,
Wholesale mi l a mi a u retailing
clothiers! 1JILIlL u 1 JlAn direct to you*
311^ t31Ol lAtCffiL I aH» I lUIIIuUiluu