WOOD'S PROMOTION
WILL BE BITTERL Y
FOUGHT IN SENA TE
ANTI-CHAMBERLAIN
OR A TOR Y IN FORMER
SECRETARY'S HOME
OPPONENTS OF JOSEPH CHAM
BERLAIN'S RETALIATORY
TARIFF POLICY.
ARMY OFFICER WHOSE RAP
ID PROMOTION WILL BE
VIGOROUSLY OPPOSED.
. BERLIN, Nov. 11.— The Frankfurter
Zeitung says it learns from Vladivostok
that a Joint stock company Is being or
ganized there with a capital of J3.000.000 to
operate the tin mines of Manchuria. The
promoters hope to break the Anglo-Amer
ican'monopoly.
Will Open Manchuria Tin Mines.
It is believed that, , In consequence , of
the German representations, the British
and Portuguese police in the adjacent ter
ritories ; will endeavor: to prevent further*
supplies of arms and ammunition ' being
sent across the border by. traders, :
BERLIN, Nov. 11.— The Governor of
German Southwest Africa cables that 330
mounted troops, with four guns, have ar
rived in the 'vicinity of Warmbad, but
he does not mention any flchtlns: with
thje rebellious , natives, who seemingly are
not combating the advance* of 'the troops.
Arrival of Mounted Soldiers in South
west Africa Has Quieting
Effect
REBEL. NATIVES NOT
ANXIOUS FOR TROUBLE
BERLIN, • Nov. 11.— The commission,
consisting of Dr. Stormer, Professor
Strassman and Portrait Painter Woe
gel, appointed by the court which is try
ing the I Countess ' Isabella . Wesierska
Kwilecki, charged with presenting a false
heir to an ; estate. to Wroblewo, to .decide
If any resemblance existed between the
Countess and her supposed son, has re
ported 'that therev is strong physical re
semblance between them, especially in the
form of the : ears, and that there is no
resemblance betwen the Kwilecki boy and
the son of Cecilia Meyer, the reputed
mother of the Countess* child. .. ,
Court Experts Discountenance State
ment That Reported Heir Is
Illegitimate
DECISION IN FAVOR
OF COUNTESS XWILECKI
ROME. Nov. 11.— At a lengthy confer
ence which Premier Gioletti had to-day
with King Victor Emmanuel at the royal
hunting lodge, the Premier suggested that
the Cabinet resign, so as to render in
effective the campaign of the party of the
Extreme Left. The conference was made
necessary by the suicide of Minister Ro
eano. The King, while expressing his
confidence in Premier Gioletti, said he
wished to give further consideration to
the political situation, at the same time
manifesting his determination to avoid, if
possible, a new Cabinet, especially on the
eve of his visit to London,
Premier Is Prompted by a Desire
to Thwart Purposes of the
Opposition.
SUGGESTS RESIGNATION
OF THE ITALIAN CABINET
SALONICA. Nov. 1L— The trial of the
men belonging to the Prlzrand Battalion,
who were charged with having committed
atrocities on the inhabitants of the vila
yet of Adrianople. has been concluded,
with the result that seventy-five of tha
men were acquitted and that 705 were con
demned to be banished.
VIENNA, Nov. 11.— A dispatch received
to-day from Sofia attributes the recent
arrests of army officers to the discovery
of a plot engineered by Bulgarian and
Servian officers to force war upon Tur
key, -which was to be attacked by the
combined armies of the two countries.
Revolutionary documents and pamphlets
advocating a union of Servla and Bul
garia a* being essential to the preserva
tion of the southern Slav kingdoms were
found.
The Austrian officials here have no con
firmation of the story from Sofia.
ARMY OFFICERS PLOT
"T-. A WAR ON TURKEY
BERLIN, Nov. 11.— The military court
at Metz to-day concluded the trial of
Lieutenant Bllzen, author of the book
entitled "A Little Garrison," and sen
tenced the lieutenant to six months in
prison and to dismissal from the army.
One month, the time the officer has al
ready served in prison, was allowed to
be deducted from the sentence. The novel
was ordered to be destroyed. The decis
ion of the court was based on the! fact
that in his novel Bllzen insulted his su
perior officer and drew a picture of events
happening in Forbach, Alsace-Lorraine
by which several persons living in that
place were compromised. The court fur
ther says that the lieutenant disobeyed
an order of Emperor William forbidding
any officer to publish a pamphlet without
the - permission of his military, -superiors
Author of "A Little Garrison" Must
Serve Time and His Novel Is '
Destroyed.
GETS SIX MONTHS
FOR WRITING. A BOOK
It is believed that Apostle Grant, has
succeeded in eluding the officers and has
left the city) but outgoing trains are be
ing watched. • :^r_y-.
SALT LAKE, Nov. 11.— Four deputy
sheriffs hunted all of to-day for Heber
J. Grant, apostle of the Mormon church,
'for the arrest of whom on a charge of
polygamous cohabitation a warrant was
sworn out last night, but up to a late
hour to-night they had not succeeded in
serving the warrant.
Apostle Grant was to have left Salt
Lake to-day -for Europe, where he will
have charge of the European mission of
the church. ¦ He was to have been accom
panied by his second wife, Emily Wells-
Grant, and their five daughters. She is
a sister of Governor Wells and 'is the
wife with whom the offense of polyga
mous cohabitation is alleged to have been
committed. .*<»
Deputy Sheriffs Search in Vain for
Heber J. Grant.
APOSTLE EVADES ARREST.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 1L— Dispatches re
ceived here to-day assert that William H.
Leavitt and his bride, who up to a few
weeks ago was Ruth Bryan, are happy in
the receipt of a check for $200 from the
bride's father, William J. Bryan, which
.the. genial Nebraskan sent them, for
spending money.
Mr. and Mrs.' Leavitt are visiting at the
country home of Thomas J. Alken, the
St. Louis 'politician, at Humans vlile, Mo.
Their stay. It is said, -will be prolonged
indefinitely. Leavitt, whose home la at
Newport, R. I., is a portrait painter and
finds little demand for his talent at Hu
mansville. According to the dispatches,
the young couple were so madly in love
that they forgot to be practical and they
married without fortifying themselves
against the financial distress which is
said to have overtaken them.
Dr. M. Dwlght Jennings of this city, a
cousin of Mrs. Leavitt's ' father, William
Jennings Bryan, said to-night:
.. "I know nothing about the reported
poverty of my romantic young cousin, but
presume it is not unlikely that it Is true.
The young lady's father • is not a" man
who is likely to change his mind. I have
never seen Mr. Leavitt nor any member
of the Bryan family since the wedding.
The fact that Mr. Leavitt is poor,'how
ever, need not interfere In the least with
their happiness, it seems to me. I hope
that he is a good artist at any rate
there, won't be much romance In my fair
cousin's sacrifice if it turns out that her
husband was originally cut out for a sign
painter."
Special Dispatch to Ths Call.
HARVEYVILLE, Kans., Nov. 11.1-rha
Coroner's Jury held another inquest to
day on the assassination of William
Smale and recommended that the widow
Mary Smale, and Charles Overman, a
fanner, be arrested as accessories to the
crime. The brother and father of the
woman are already under arrest, charged
with the murder. It Is the contention of
the officers that Smale was killed in ac
cordance with a plot participated in by
all the members of his family.
BURLING AM E. Kans., Nov. 11.—Ed
ward Thelf and hla father, Charles Thelf,
have been arrested by Sheriff Freye of
Wabaunco City on the charge of having
murdered William Smale, the farmer who
was shot at his hdme, northwest of here,
on Monday night. The murder has called
to mind that at least two other members
of the Smale family have died under sus
picious circumstances and the officers pro
fess to believe that a thorough investiga
tion will disclose a plot against the mem
bers of the family. It is probable that
the body of a young daughter who died
last summer may be exhumed and the
stomach analyzed for traces of poison
Several years ago the eldest son died sud
denly while the father was absent from/
home.
MAY HAVE PLOTTED
AGAINST WHOLE FAMILY
Arrest of Father and Son on Murder
Charge Recalls Suspicious Cir
cumstances.
By a fatal coincidence, this wag the
very expression which had been employed
in the first bulletin published regarding
the malady of the Emperor Frederick.
BERLIN, Nov. 11.— A painful tragedy
is at tbe present moment being played
within the walls of the royal palace at
Potsdam. For years past the Emperor
has been haunted by a fixed idea that he
would die of the same malady as his
father and mother.
When, two months ago, he began to
complain of a pain In his throat, ter
rible anxiety seized the Empress and her
children. She summoned Dr. von Leut
hold and asked him to examine her hus
band, without, however, exciting his anx
iety. ' The first examination only showed
the existence of a number of granula
tions. The Emperor, nevertheless, be
came more somber and more taciturn.
He spoke less and had fewer of those ac
cesses of {he charming, frank gayety
which render his company so agreeable.
Horltz Schmidt, after an examination,
diagnosed a tumor of the vocal chords.
He saw from the horror-stricken face of
the Empress that, far from reassuring
her, ' this medical expression only "aug
mented her fear. •
Special Cable to Tha Call and New York Herald
Copyright, 1903, by the New York Her
ald Publishing Company.
Poverty Is Sequel
to a Romantic
Marriage,
William Himself
. Fears Death
Is Near.
BRYAN AIDS
HIS DAUGHTER
FINANCIALLY
Steel Trust's Retrenchment Policy Is
Costly to Employes.
SAVES §15,000,000 IN WAGES.
NEW YORK, Nov. IL-In the work of
retrenchment which the officials of the
United States Steel Corporation have or
dered and planned it is proposed to reduce
the annual payroll of the giant concern
about $15,000,000, or slightly more than 10
per cent of the wages paid last year.
At a representative meeting of all the
important Eteel and Iron manufacturers
of the United States, which convened to
day in this city, price schedules were rati
fied and approved. No further cuts were
made and It was agreed to maintain
prices. It also was decided by the officials
of the United States Steel Corporation to
merge the American Tin Plate Company
and the American Sheet Steel Company
into one organization. It Is expected that
the consolidation will become effective
about January 1.
STARTS PROJECT TO AID
SAILING SHIPPING
Liverpool Owners Ask That France,
England and Germany Lay
Off Ships.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. ll.-The depression
In the Bailing shipping trade is so se
rious as to have led to a drastic proposal
on the part of the Liverpool owners for
an International combination, whereby a
certain proportion of the Balling tonnage
of Great Britain. France and Germany
should temporarily be laid up, with a view
to improving the freight market. The
crisis is attributed here to the cutting
tactics of the French.
EMPEROR'S
HOUSEHOLD
FRIGHTENED
Rathbone then came to Washington to
get his : case reopened. He ' ' compiled a
long statement of his case, which ," he
submitted to the Cuban Affairs Committee
of the Senate. He made serious charges
against Wood, alleging that Wood was
guilty of extravagances In Cuba. '.
In addition to this, the Military Affairs
Committee of the Senate will be con
fronted with a mass of information in re
gard to Wood's promotion. The long lists
of officers over whose heads he has been
promoted will be brought forward as a
reason why he should not now be made
major general, although when promoted
he was . the senior brigadier general in
the army. * */.'.>;">';
bitter fight against the con
firmation of the nomination of Brigadier
General Leonard Wood to be major gen
eral. Senator Hanna is expected to op
pose confirmation because he believes in
the Innocence of his friend, Estes G.
Rathbone, whom General Wood sent to
jail for postal frauds in Cuba.
There is no question that the Demo
crats will seek to discredit the adminis
tration by defeating the nomination of
General Wood, who is one of the Presi
dent's most intimate -friends, and who is
now in command of the Department of
the South Philippines. All those who are
fighting the nomination will receive the
active support of some and the tacit sup
port of other 'army officers, over whose
head General Wood has been promoted in
his sensational climb up the army ladder
since the beginning of the Spanish-Amer
ican War. when he ¦was a surgeon in the
Medical Corps and a friend of President
and Mrs. McKinley.
It was In the executive session of the
Senate to-day, when the nomination of
General Wood, sent from the White
House, was read, that Senator ' Teller
arose and requested that no action what
ever be taken in regard to this nomina
tion until he could file with the Commit
tee on Military Affairs a protest against
Its confirmation and charges to substan
tiate the protest.
Senator Teller is close to the leaders of
the Democratic committee, representa
tives and members of which went to Ha
vana several months ago in an effort to
get evidence that General Wood had re
ceived from a well-known sporting asso
ciation in Havana several valuable gifts
in return for having extended the char-'
ter of this association for a period of ten
years, Just as he ' was evacuating, the
island with the American troops in May,
1903. It is understood, however, that, they
gained 'no damaging information. ' '
After' Rathbone was pardoned Senator
Hanna ' took' ) up his case^ He believed
Rathbone 'innocent and also believed that
General Wood exceeded his power as Mili
tary, Governor, of Cuba in influencing the
Cuban courts against Rathbone., . - ; '
VLL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
ff T NV W.;" WASHINGTON, Nov.
& tl.— Senator. Teller of Colorado
BL to-day Instituted what prom
xfe^^ ises to be a sensational and
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Churchill devoted his speech to a de
nunciation of Chamberlain's propaganda
and urged the continuation of the free
trade policy of Great Britain, which, he
said, had done more to maintain the
peace of the world • than had been done
by all the Prime Ministers and Colonial
Secretaries during the past half century.
Lord Hugh Cecil followed ~ Churchill,
delivering* a speech in a similar vein.
A resolution denouncing the proposed
protective tariff and admitting the right
of the Government to impose retaliatory
duties in special cases was carried by a
large majority.
Hugh Cecil and Winston
Churchill, M. P., in opposition £o the fis
cal "programme of Joseph Chamberlain.
It Is estimated that the crowds surround
ing the town hall during the progress of
the meeting numbered 40,000 persons. A
few stones were thrown and some win
dows broken, but it is believed that the
prevention of more serious disorders was
due to the earnest appeal of the support
ers of Chamberlain, supplemented by the
advice of the local newspapers to give
the "free fooders" a fair hearing, as well
as to the excellent police arrangements.
The meeting was attended by 5000 per
sons. Mrs. George Cornwallis-West, for
mer Lady Randolph Churchill and mother
of Winston Churchill, was in the audi
ence.
Yj ¦». IRMINGHAM, England, Nov.
gf JEy 11. — There was no fulfillment
Mr'^^aL °' the expectation of serious
£a i» trouble at the meeting ad
fm *fr dressed here to-night by Lord
Manna May Join in
Campaign Against
the General.
Lord Hugh Cecil and
Churchill Invade
Birm ingham.
The Senate to-day received a number
of petitions protesting against Senator
Smoot of Utah remaining in the Senate.
In presenting a numerously signed peti
tion, asking the Senate to expedite tTie
consideration of ¦ the charges against
Smoot, Hoar took occasion to remind the
senders of petitions bearing upon Smoot's
case that the proceeding was out of order
and improper. He based his remarks upoji
the fact that the determination of Smoot's
rights •vfould be a purely judicial proceed
ing, to be determined by the laws and
the constitution of the United States.
"With all Oue respect to the signers of
petitions of this character," he said, "I
want to say to them that their petitions
are as much out of place when addressed
to this court as similar petlt'ons would
be if addressed to the Supreme Court of
the United States in any case pending
before that tribunal."
PETITIONS OF NO AVAIL.
It Is given out by a Democratic Senator
from the West that one of Carlisle's main
efforts will be to establish the truth of
the report longvin circulation that Sena
tor" I?annSt~and~t > err>*S. Heath, as chair
man and secretary, respectively, of tEe
Republican National Committee, pledged
Immunity to Mormons, so far as Congress
and the Government in Washington were
concerned, on condition that the electoral
vote of Utah be given to the Republican
party In 1900.
This allegation has been repeatedly
made by Democrats and anti-Mormons of
the West during the past three years,
but, except for an Impassioned speech de
livered In the Senate by Senator Rawlins
of Utah when news reached Washington
of the election of Kearns as Senator, the
accusation has never been publicly made
in Washington.
An effort also will be made by Carlisle
to prove that Senator Smoot practices
polygamy, In spite of his strenuous de
nials.
The Call correspondent, however, is in
formed by a person who assumes to have
positive knowledge, that Miss Helen
Gould has retained Carlisle.
POLITICS IN THE CRUSADE.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON, Nov. 11.- John G.
Carlisle, former Secretary of' the Treas
ury, has been employed by leaders of the
opposition to the- seating of Reed Smoot
as Senator from Utah to conduct the in
vestigation of that case before the Com
mittee on Privileges and Elections. An
nouncement to this effect was made this
afternoon by a Democratic member of the
Senate committee before which efforts are
now* being made to have the case of
Smoot brought as early as possible. Who
is to pay the large fee Carlisle is said to
have demanded is not definitely known
and this appears to increase Interest*
In the affair, because it tends to hold an
air of mystery which indicates that the
movement for the unseating of the Mor
mon Senator is growing In strength and
determination.
Special Dispatch to The Call
In regard to the situation In Macedonia,
he said that Russia stood firmly for the
maintenance of peace and order in the
disturbed provinces o* the Turkish em
pire and would Insist upon a restoration
of order and good government there.
"Now, however, the whole incident is
settled and, let us hope, in its grave,"
he concluded.
"But the feeling has been somewhat
strained In the last few months." he said,
"on account of the Klshenev incident."
The refusal of the Russian Government
to receive the American petition could
be easily understood, he said, by imag
ining: with what spirit a petition from
Russians In regard to the negro troubles
In the South would be received.
Speaking then of his own attitude, he
deojnred that he had gone to Washington
prepared to become a firm friend- of the
United States, but was astonished to find
in some quarters a feeling of enmity
which had made his few months thero
rather uncomfortable. He was apparently
believed by some, he said, to be an ad
herent of the Macchivelllan school of
diplomacy, whereas, on the contrary, he
believed that perfect frankness was an
essential In diplomatic affairs, especially
toward tjie United States, with which
Russia had been on terms of long con
tinued friendship and purposed to con
tinue the good relationship which had al
ways existed.
• Not only was the Russian Government
friendly but the same feeling existed
among the Russian people, and an Ameri
can Bishop with whom he had talked
after a stay of several months In Russia
had commented on this.
NEW YORK, Nov. 11.— Before depart
ing for Washington to-day Count Cassini,
the Russian Embassador, was shown a
dispatch from Paris Intimating that M.
Nellndorff, until recently Russian Embas
sador at Rome, probably would be trans
ferred to the vacant post at Paris, in
connection with which Count Cassinl's
name has been mentioned. He expressed
no surprise, saying that he had heard of
the matter while in Paris, and continued
with a statement of his pleasure la re
turning to Washington, which, he said,
"is now regarded as one of the most 'im
portant posts In the Russian diplomatic
service."
COUNT CASSINI RETURNS.
"It is declared her© that the- 400 troops
ordered to Moukden were sent there sole
ly for the purpose of restoring order. No
other measures have been taken."
Russia's demand for the recall of tha
Taotal Yuan, who is a Manchu, from the
Korean border, has been granted under
pressure by the Chinese Government.
There Is creditable information that the
Chinese are moving considerable troops
Into Manchuria.
ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. 1L-A dis
patch from Port Arthur received here
says In reference to the statement on the
subject published In the foreign press:
LONDON, Nov. 12.— According to dis
patches from Tientsin and Shanghai,
Viceroy Yuan Shi Kal and General Ma
have Informed the throne that 45,000 men
are ready to take the field against the
Russians In Manchuria and that they are
prepared to march on Sunday next.
The Berlin correspondent of the Stand
ard says that he has learned upon good
authority that the Czar of Russia told
Emperor William during their recent In
terview at Wiesbaden that he would not
declare war against Japan under any con
ditions.
TIENTSIN, Nov. 11.— Admiral Alcxleff.
the Russian Viceroy of the Far East, will
leave Port Arthur for St.' Petersburg on
November 17. Governor Wogack of the
Russian army Is daily expected here. The
report that the Russian capital of the Far
East is to be removed from Port Arthur
to Vladivostok Is unfounded.
Special Dispatch to The Oa.lL
PROVIDENCE. R. I.. Nov. 1L— That the
action of the Fall River mills will be
followed quite generally in this State and
Eastern Connecticut is considered a prac
tical certainty, as Rhode Island mills
have invariably followed the lead of those
at Fall Paver. There are about 25,000
hands employed In the mills in the Black
etor.e and Pawtucket valleys.
Representatives of the labor unions in
Fall River and other cities do r.ot appear
to expect any concerted action on the
part of the unions in opposition to the
new schedule. The union men have kept
themselves well informed as to the cotton
market and to-day's announcement at
Fall River occasioned little surprise.
While rot admitting the necessity for so
sweeping a reduction It is doubtful If
any considerable number would Join in a
fight with the mill atrents at this time.
BACK TO FORMER SCHEDULE
Although tha outlook at Fall River
from the operatives' standpoint is a rather
gloomy one. It should be remembered
that the new schedule Is really a return
to the conditions existing two years ago,
when an advance was made by the man
ufacturers. It was this advance in Fall
River which led to the great strike in
l«owell l?.st spring. The Lowell operatives
demanded the Fall River schedule, which
was refused.
The scale went Into effect en March 13,
1902. The price for weaving regular goods
to-day is 21. 7S cents per cut, and a 10
per cer.t reduction would make the new
price 19-6 cents. The old price, previous
to the date given, was 13.8 cents, and this
latter figure will prevail after Novem
ber Z2.
In Taunton. the Corr Manufacturing
Company has already announced a 10 per
cent reduction, and while the mill men at
New Bedford, Lowell and Lawrence are
reticent concerning: their plans, they ad
mit that the condition of the cotton mar
ket is all against the manufacturers. It
is believed to be equivalent to saying that
a wage reduction is something to be seri
cus'y considered.
TWO STATES NOT AFFECTED.
The situation in Maine and New Hamp
shire will hardly be affected. Maine did
pot share in the wage advance of two
}cears ago and so has a negative ad
vantage nor.'.
The mill agents at Manchester, N. H.,
¦which Is one of the largest cotton manu
facturing centers in the country, say that
retrenchment has not been thought of
so far.
BOSTON, Nov. 11.— Reports from the
centers of the cotton mill industry
throughout New England indicate that
to-day's announcement at Fall Iliver that
a. 13 per cent reduction in wages had b?en
decided upon by the cotton manufacturers
there, to go into effect en November 22,
has caused general uneasiness, owing to
ihe belief that an equal reduction at
other places is inevitable. It is considered
that this nill be the case in Rhode Island
«.nd Eastern Connecticut, and it is be
lieved other cities in Eastern Massachu
setts WlH follow the example set by Fall
River, though conditions are somewhat
dissimilar.
Other New England Plants
Expected to Take Sim
ilar Action.
Democrats Hope to Make
Capital Out of Anti-Mor
mon Crusade.
Forty- Five Thousand Men
to Take the Field in
Manchuria^
Ten Per Cent Decrease
in the Fall River
Factories.
Polygamy Charge to
Be Urged Against
Senator,
Generals Report That
March Will Begin
on Sunday.
Engages John G.
Carlisle as Her \
Counsel.
Market Conditions
Cause a Wage
Reduction.
Chinese Soldiers
May Attack the
Russians.
MONGOLIAN
ARMY READY
TO ADVANCE
MISS GOULD
DIRECTS WAR
UPON SMOOT
COTTON MILL
TOILERS ARE
THE LOSERS
Alcaiar — "The Private Secre
tary."
Calif oral* — Kerrmana tie Great.
Central — "Uncle Tom's Cabin."
Columbia — "The Storks."
Fischer's — "Bnoes and Boses."
Grand Opera-Koose — "Ben Hur."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Vaudeville.
Tivoli — Grand Opera.
TAH VHBATEBS.
forecast mad* at Baa Trma
clsoo for thirty hour* «xdlsff
xaidnlrtt Hovexaber 13 1
San XTmnci»co and vicinity—
Clcndy TliXLTBdEy; probably
showers; cooler; fresh south
erly -giTiflK. changing to north
erly. A. Q. SXcADXS,
District Forecaster.
PRICE FIVE CENT3.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1903.
VOLI3IE XCrV— KO. 165.
The San Francisco CallSTATESMEN AND NAVAL OF
FICER WHO FIGURE IN PA
NAMA DEVELOPMENTS.
A Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
Itching:.- Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
Tour, druggist will •" refund money if •• Pazo
Ointment fails to cure you in 8 to 14 da.v«. GOc*
Big Investment in Nicaragua.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, Nov. 11.— a for
eign syndicate has bought the liquor rev
enues, for . $1,600,000; yearly on a six-year
contract, beginning January 1 next.
Break in Northern Securities.'
NEW YORK, Nov. 11.— Northern Secur
ities broke three points on the curb short
ly before to-day's dose. Early in the
day the stock sold at 88 on moderate
trading. . .
Bank Depositors Will Not Lose.
PUEBLO. Colo., Nov. 1L— Assignee Eu
gene P. Shove to-day filed his report in
the District Court "of his findings in the
affairs of the Pueblo Title and Trust Com
pany, which closed Its doors immediately
after the failure of the First National
bank at Victor. It gives' the total assets
of the company, at 5447,359.25 and the to
tal liabilities at J260.359.38. Mr. Shove
states that he believes all the depositors
will be paid In fulL :..•
Strike Stops Building Operations.
STOCKTON, Nov. 1L— The strike of the
planing mill hands is causing a stoppage
of building ¦ operations in this j city • and
unless an adjustment is reached shortly
building will have to come to a stand
still or ' mill ' work will have to be done
elsewhere. The strike comes at a tima
when the mills are crowded with work
owing to the , large amount of building
being done here. The Federated Trades
and .the Building Trades Council are back
of the strikers, and the Merchants' and
Manufacturers' Association is .against
them. It promises to be a bitter fight.
Introduces a License Bill.
WASHINGTON, Nov. ll.-Representa
tlve Scott of Kansas introduced a bill
to-day allowing any State to impose a
license and occupation tax. upon persons
engaged in any business In such State.
The measure is calculated to supply ma
chinery for making effective State prohi
bition laws. . .."._
BROKEN WUF/RT. CAUSES
,. TRAIN TO 'JUMP TRACK
Five Freight Cars Roll Into a Ditch
and an Unidentified Tramp Is
Killed.
BAKERSFIELD, Nov. 11— An extra
eastbound Southern .Paciflo freight
Jumped th© track one mile east of Vincent
this - morning, the cause being a broken
wheel, and five cars went into the ditch.
An unidentified tramp who was stealing a
ride, was caught in. the wreck and so se
riously injured that he died a few hours
later. .; ' ' '
:" The. track was torn up for a considera
ble distance and a delay of about eight
hours was caused to all i traffic between
Bakersfleld and. Los Angeles.
Will Be Returned to Washington.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 11.— S. J. Mur
phy, Captain of Police at Tacoma, Wash.,
was at the State capital to-day for tho
purpose of securing requisition papers for
the return to Washington of Frank West
fall, under arrest in San Francisco for
grand larceny. It is claimed that West
fall, who was in the employ of a Tacoma
butcher, entered into a conspiracy with
a number of slaughter-house employes to
steal meats from various, concerns and
sell them at prices lower than the whole
salers sold them. The charge is , made
that $300 or $400 worth of meats was stol.
en from cars and sold.
CARTER WANTS CONTROL
OF ALL APPOINTMENTS
Successor to Governor Dole of Hawaii
May Refuse to Be
Sworn In.
HONOLULU, Nov. 11.— The heads of the
departments, with th© exception of Anoah
Kepoikal, Treasurer of the Territory, who
has. intimated his refusal to retire, have
placed their resignations in the hands of
Secretary Carter, who has been appointed
to succeed Governor Db"le.
Secretary Carter says he will not be
sworn in as Governor unless all his de
mands are granted and he is given con
trol over all appointments. Many appli
cations have been received already for the
vacant posts. '>.•¦;
Will Attack Administration on the
Panama Question.
DEMOCRATS PLAN" TROUBLE.
WASHINGTON, Nov. ll.-The Demo
cratic steering committee to-day again
considered the Panama situation. No
conclusion was reached, but th© Indica
tion Is that the Democrats will attack the
course of the administration with refer
ence to the establishment of the new re
public of Panama. '
Senator Cullom, chairman of the Com
mittee on Foreign Relations, to-day pre
sented a concurrent report requesting the
President to communicate to the Senate
all correspondence and other official docu
ments relating to the isthmian question
The resolution was referred to the Com
mittee on Foreign Relations.
ATTrnrDE or Germany.
Berlin Government Is in Accord With
the United States.
BERLIN, Nov. ll.-The Imperial Chan
cellor, Count von Bulow, authorizes the
Associated Press to declare that all ru
mors of German Interference In Colom
bian affairs are baseless, and that Ger
many follows with its sympathies the ef
forts of the United States to establish
order in the isthmus.
W. N. Cromwell, American counsel for
the "Panama Canal Company, sailed to
day for New York. During his stay here
Cromwell held extended conferences with
the company, and he goea home prepared
to represent the company during the ne
gotiations for a new canal treaty. The
company's officials have announced their
willingness to grant an extension of time
for the American purchase of the con
cession, sufficient to permit th© negotia
tions and ratification of a new treaty. It
is understood that Cromwell Is authorized
to give assurances on the subject of the
extension.
PARIS, Nov. 11.— Embassador Porter
called at the Foreign Office to-day and
had a long conversation with Foreign
Minister Delcasse concerning the events
at Panama. The discussion showed that
a harmonious accord of views existed be
tween the two governments. The Em
bassador took occasion to thank Delcasse
for the friendly and sympathetic atUtude
of France. Th© numerous Informal con
ferences held by Delcasse and General
Porter have contributed largely toward
insuring the French attitude of leaving
the United States untrammeled In con
nection with isthmian affairs.
Panama Canal Company Awaits the
Final Act of Purchase.
GBANTS TIME EXTENSION.
PANAMA, Nov. 11.— The United States
gunboat Concord, which left here yester
day afternoon, is said to be bound for
Buena Ventura. The United States cruis
ers Boston and Marblehead remain here.'
Building Entrenchments in Anticipa
tion of Invasion by Panama.
COLOMBIA EXPECTS ATTACK.
Heward for General Gomez.
HAVANA. Nov. 11.— In the Senate and
House of Representatives to-day a gift
of $50,000 was unanimously voted to Gen
eral Maximo Gomez, in recognition of 1T13
services as head of th© revolutionary
army. Of late the general has been In
poor health.
Start in Quest of Salvage.
HONOLULU, Nov. 11.— Th© eighty-ton
schooner Ada, carrying a crew of eight
men, started td-day for th© French Frig
ate shoals in the hope of effecting the
salvage of the French bark Connetable
de Richemont. which struck on a rock
there on October 10, and Is reported to
be lying In a perilous position. Another
expedition to the same end is being fitted
out.
MORGAN SAYS HE WILL
NOT QTJTT BUSINESS
New York Financier Denies Rumors
Circulated In America and
Europe.
NEW YORK. Nov. 11.— At the office of
J. P. Morgan & Co. to-day it was said
that Morgan had no intention whatever
of retiring from active business life.
LONDON, Nov. 11.— The report to the
effect that J. Plerpont Morgan proposed
to retire from active business was given
prominence here and the weakness of
Americans on the Stock Exchange was
attributed thereto, though the operators
were somewhat skeptical as to the truth
of the rumors.
"The king of trusts." "the Morganlzer
of the world," "the financial Titan," are
a few of the titles bestowed on Morgan
by the papers which comment on the re
port.
Morgan's London hous© declares the re
port of his intended retirement to be
"quite untrue."
MOB DRIVES CHINESE
OUT OF SOULSBYVILLE
Asiatics Are Transported to Sonora
by a Crowd of Determined
Union Miners.
TUOLUMNE, Nov. 1L-A mob of 200
men, composed of Summerville and Souls
byville union miners, have run the Chi
nese out of the Black Oak mine and the
town of Soulsbyville. The Chinese were
transported to Sonora. There was no vio
lence.
SONORA, Nov. 11.— The Black Oak mine
at Soulsbyville was shut down yesterday,
and to-day th© pumps were taken from
the lower level. Trouble has been brew-
Ing for some time on account of the em
ployment of Chinese as ore samplers.
About 150 minerB from the Soulsbyville
and Tuolumne unions, headed by Murray,
president of the Soulsbyville union, and
Godette, an agitator, went to th© mine In
a. body and demanded that the superin
tendent agree to employ no more Chinese.
He refused to accede to their demand.
The delegation then escorted th© Chinese
cook, th© only remaining Chinese, out of
the camp and sent him here.
The mine owners are determined to keep
the mine shut down for an indefinite pe
riod.- ;,-.; ;, .
The closing down of this famous mine
will work a hardship on the business men
of Soulsbyville, as there were employed
at tho mine about eighty men,' most of
whom have families. It is generally un
derstood that the majority of the mem
bers of the Soulsbyville union were op
posed to Interfering with tne Black. Oak
mine, as the company has always treated
its employes well, paying top wages and
furnishing single men with cabins, stoves,
wood and electric lights free.
ANNIVEBSABY NOT OBSERVED.
War in Panama Dampens Enthusi-
asm Over Spain's Natal Day.
COLON, Nov. 11.— This was the anniver
sary of the declaration of independence of
Spain made by Simon Bolivar in 1811, and
elaborate preparations to celebrate the
event have been on foot for weeks, but
the celebration was undoubtedly damp
ened by the occurrences at Panama.
Senors Mendoza and Fabrega, respec
tively Ministers of Justice and. Public In
struction, have written : to Monsignor
Javiar. Bishop of Panama, requesting a
continuance of the cordial relations which
have existed between church, and state
and soliciting the Bishop's co-operation In
educational matters. Bishop Javiar re
plied, promising his co-operation.
Santel Boyd, a brother of Frederico
Boyd of the Junta, who is now on his way
to the United States, has been appointed
Postmaster General of Panama.
PBOMINENT NEW YORKER
COMMITS STJICTDE
Assemblyman Hughes, Despondent
Over Financial Failure, Ends
- His Life.
GLENS FALLS. N. Y., Nov. 11.—Gen
eral William Hughes, Assemblyman from
Washington . County, to-day committed
suicide by hanging. General Hughes was
re-elected a member of the Assembly at
the recent election. His financial failure
and his subsequent course in bankruptcy
proceedings several months ago created a
great sensation in Northern New York.
SPANISH MINISTER
DECLINES TO FIGHT
Premier Villaverde Spurns Challenge
to a Duel While in Official
Position.
MADRID. Nov. 11.— Premier VUlaverda
has informed Senor Salmeron, th© Re
publican leader, who yesterday challenged
him to fight a duel as a result of the
Premier's speech in th© Chamber of
Deputies, reproaching th© Republicans
for obstruction, that h© cannot engag© In
a duel while he Is a Minister. Th© Cabi
net Ministers say that unless, after th©
debated elections, they receive th© reso
lute support of th© King and the Cham
ber, they will resign In a body.
The latest news received In Panama
from Buena Ventura was to the effect
that the Colombian authorities were ex
pecting an attack on that port from the
direction of Panama', that they are build-
Ing entrenchments and that the Colom
bian gunboat Bogota was being stripped
for action.
The Municipal Council of Panama has
unanimously approved a proposition by
which Dr. Amador will be considered
Panama's "favorite son," and has ordered
his picture, as a hero of the republic, to
be hung in a prominent place in the hall
where the sessions of the council are to
be held.
MOTOBMAN BISKS LIFE
TO SA.VE WOMAN
Erave Brooklyn Car Han Stops a
Runaway Horse, but Is Fatally
Injured.
NEW YORK, Nov. II.— Joseph Johnson,
motorman of a Brooklyn trolley car, has
probably sacrificed his life to save an un
known woman and two children from
death under the feet of a runaway horse.
Me is now in a hospital with a fractured
fkull and one leg broken. The doctors
eay he cannot possibly recover.
On its way to the Broadway ferries
Johnson's car had stopped to take on a
woman and two little children. They
were crossing from the sidewalk to the
rear steps of the car when Johnson, look
ing &hc-3d, saw a horse running wildly
toward the helpless woman. As it came
near he leaped out and seized the bridle,
throwing the horse to the sidewalk. The
motorman was dashed against a tree and
fell unconscious. The woman and chil
dren, who had stood transfixed with fear,
directly in the animal'B course, were not
injured.
i ERIE, Pa., Nov. 11.— Four persons were,
killed and . five injured to-night on tho
Erie Traction Company line, which runs
between hore and Cambridge Springs.
Two of the injured will die. The dead:
: CLARK A. AMIDON cf McKean.
• MRS. JAMES .BARTLEY of Edlnboro.
MISS C. LEHAM of Lavery.
•''"'MISS "& W. SHERWOOD of Cambridge
Springs. . v
Injured:
( MRS. .LIND of Cambridge Springs, leg
broken.
MISS C. "WILLING. Erie, badly bruised.
CLEM ANDERSON, motorman, ' hurt
internally; may die.
P. H. DAVIS, Goshen, Ind.. injured in
ternally.
PETER GUSCHES. McKean, hurt in
ternally.
The accident occurred eleven miles from
this city and one mile south of McKean,
and was caused by the brakes on a car
of gravel becoming loose and allowing it
to run out from a side track, on w'hich it
had been placed, to the main track, where
there was a heavy down grade. While
running at a high rate of speed it met
and almost crashed through tne passen
ger car, which left Erie shortly after 6
o'clock, and which, as usual, was filled
with people who- had been in this city
shopping and attending Criminal Court.
Runaway Gravel Car Is
Cause of a Fatal
Accident.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 11.— The United States
Government will be urged through former
Congressman .Kahn to make financial
amends to Captain Peter McMillan of this
city for infringement on a patent on ar
mor plate for battleships .and fortifica
tions. Five years ago, after appropriating
$15,000 to test McMillan's Idea, the Gov
ernment .began using his methods on all
its battleships, but has made no offer to
reimburse 'the Inventor. The device is
covered by a patent granted in 1SS7.
McMillan's device holds the outer sheet
of armor in place by dovetail keys which
bind the two plates together instead of
bolting them to the frame of the ves
sel. By this method, instead of the
plates being broken when hit by a
shell, each Indentation of a shot binds
them tighter. The space between - the
plates are filled with a prepared packing.
McMillan's method requires but two
plates to cover a space that formerly took
twelve plates.
Although McMillan has asked the Gov
ernment officials to reimburse him for his
patent, they have refused to do anything.
Former Congressman Kahn . has now
taken up the matter and will try and se
cure payment for the inventor. Every
battleship built in the last five years has
the device on its armor, and the sum the
Government will be asked to pay will
amount to a large fortune.
McMillan is a veteran of the Civil "War,
and was also an officer In the English
army. He came to California from Mis
souri about six months ago. Among those
who have also interested themselves in
his invention are Congressman Barton
and Senators Cockerill and Vest of Mis
eouri.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 1L— When
Bunau-Varilla returned from
his conference with Secretarj
5f State Hay this afternoon he
said that he would be received
by the President on Friday as Minister
Plenipotentiary and Envoy Extraordinary
of the Republic of Panama to the United
States. This course, he said, would mark
the passage of the de facto government to
a State. Bunau-Varilla first will call at
the State Department and Secretary, Hay
will accompany him to the White House
and make the presentation. ' The cere
mony will occur in the blue room. These
details were arranged at the conference
this afternoon.
Bunau-Varilla said that he would cable
to his Government advising it not to al
low General Reyes to land unless he bore
full credentials as Colombia's Minister
Plenipotentiary and Envoy Extraordinary
to the Republic of Panama.
• It Is stated here on authority that it is
too late for Colombia to make any ef
fort to resurrect the canal treaty with
the United States and beyond preventing
a hostile clash between Colombia and the
new Republic of Panama, the proposed
visit of General Reyes to Panama will be
without result. The same authority
points out that the United States Govern
ment, having recognized Panama as an in
dependent State, cannot now proceed to
negotiate with Colombia for any terms
for canal rights in a State over which
Colombia possesses no control, so any
future canal negotiations will be be
tween the United States Government and
the Government of the republic of Pan
ama.
The reply of the State Department to
the protest by Thomas Herran, the Co
lombian Charge d' Affaires, was forward
ed to him to-day. It was merely a for
mal acknowledgment that the protest had
been received.
The State Department has been in
formed that the two British steamers
which were detained at the port of Buena
Ventura by the Colombian Government
with the Intention of using them to
transport troops to the Isthmus have been
released and have left that port.
The State Department has received a
cablegram from United States Minister
Beaupre at Bogota, "dated November 9,' in
which the Minister reports that large
crowds were parading the streets on the
8th inst. crying, "Down with Marro
quin." There was a mass meeting/which
denounced the President and called for
a change of government. Hundreds gath
ered at the palace, and the orator, a
prominent general, called for the resig
nation of the President. The gathering
was dispersed by troops, several persons
being wounded; but there were no fatal
ities. The city was under martial law
and well guarded by soldiers. The lega
tion of the United States was under the
protection of the Government, but there
were no manifestations of hostile demon
strations. The residence of Lorenzo Mar
roquin (believed here to be a Senator and
sen of the President), has been attacked
with stones.
San Jose Inventor to
Ask Damages Prom
Government.
SAYS UNCLE SAM
USES HIS DEVICE
"WASHINGTON, Nov. 11.— Advices
reaching the "War Department from Ma
nila indicate that, before he "sails for the
United States on December 22 Governor
Taft will have succeeded in settling one
of the most vexatious problems connected
with the acquisition of "the Philippines,
the adjustment of the claims of the friars
for their extensive property holdings in
the islands. Negotiations to this end had
been in progress at Manila between Gov
ernor Taft and Monseigneur Guidi. the
Papal delegate, ever since the Governor's
return to the island from Rome. The
main obstacle to a settlement appears to
have been an issue between the Papal
delegate and the religious orders as to the
proportion of the purchase money, to be
paid by the insular Government, that was
•to be turned over 'to Rome. The friars
naturally desired to receive - the major
part of the allotment and when they
learned that the church insisted upon a
certain sum they sought to make good
.their own proportion by increasing the
sum total of the price demanded for fHe
Iand3. This raised the total up to about
$14,000,030, a sum entirely beyond any fig
ure which the insular Government was
willing to consider. Realizing that with
Governor Taft's departure the chances of
a settlement would become more remote
and suffering from the deprivation of
their lands without compensation month
after month, the church authorities have
brought pressure to bear upon the friars,
with the result that the insular Govern
ment expects to be able to acquire their
entire holdings in the Islands for a sum
approximating JS.OOO.OOO.
DEATH TD SIX
IN TRAIN WRECK
"WASHINGTON. JCov. 1L— Senator Hans
brough Introduced a bill In the Senate
xvhlch fcy Implication repeal3 the timber
cad stcr.e act, under which laiid is now
enquired nt $2 10 an acre regardless of its
rtal value. The measure is intended to
cure defects la existing laws, put a check
upon specuiadoa In timber lands and put
aa end to the frauds which recently have
grown into national scandaL It was re
ferred to the Committee on Public Landa,
of which the author Is chairaaa.
The Secretary of the Interior la author
ized under the tew bill to make examina
tions and estimates relative to tie quan
tity and value of the timber and stone on
the public lands and to have the right
t"> dispose of the same in such quantities
as may seem advisable to tie highest bid
ders.
This plan Is row pursued in the sale of
timber oa Indian lands in Minnesota. The
title to the land rexaalas in the Govern
ment, and the Secretary of the Interior
n.ay fix the limit of time In which the
turchaser of the right shall remove the
timber or stone. The right to cut the tim
ber and make it a merchantable quantity
1b made inalienable.
If Senator Hansbroug'h'a measure be
comes a law all the timber land on toe
public domain will be withdraw from en
try, and the Government will enter upon
the policv of disposing of Its timber at
the markrt value. One provision in the
lull prohibits the entry of these lands
v.nder the homestead or other land laws.
It is argued by Senator Hansbrough that
la leaving tho fee to the land in the Gov
ernment reforestation will take place and
the gale of timber will bo a source of
large revenue.
The second section of the bill amends
the lieti land cction so as to provide
vhen a settler whose entry falls within
a forest reserve selects another piece of
land in lieu of his original entry it must
bo more valuable for agricultural pur
poses than for timber or stone.
In the existing law many of the entry
tren who find themselves within a .forest
reserve cut and dispose of the timber on
the land and later go outside of the re
*tfv« and file a homestead on other tim-
%land.
third section. of the bill amends the
act of March 11, 1901, and requires ail
jiroofs of commuted homestead and desert
land entries to be made before registers
und receivers in local land offices. This
jiropo^ed amendment to the existing law
is recommended by the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, who in his last
r«port says:
"The privileges gained by the act have
h^en greatly abused, particularly by
United States Commissioners, who have
often be*-n parties to wholesale frauds in
X>roofe made before them."
One Clause Provides That
Timber Land Shall Be
Withdrawn.
Land Held at $14,000,000
May Be Had for Half
'That Figure.
Hansbrough Introduces
/Important Bill in
Senate.
Early Solution of Vexa
tious Question Is
Assured.
TAFT TO SETTLE
WITH THE FRIARS
President Roosevelt's Reception of Philippe Bunau-Varilla as Min
ister From the Isthmian Government on
Friday Will Formally Bring the New Nation Into Existence
WOULD PUT END
TO LAND FRAUDS
FINAL ACT IN RECOGNITION
OF THE PANAMA REPUBLIC
THE SAN FK A y CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1903.
2
>e©©©©e©©ee®oo©o©s©e©9©««©eo©o©ooec©soeecooo©
! 9 g
) >. If you don't feel right I ©
I >"*""*"*"v_ Ct \ can cure y° u with my Elec- q
\ /^*—^<\t\ .f \ trlc Belt. If you are weak. I q
j f >y-5 **O \^. \ can make you strong. If you Ii
1 ilH*-'&2h Y \ are * u 'l °* rheumatic pains. ?*
! k"?o£*3 I 1 \ * cnn knf>clt them out. I car. g
IwSfcfv^ IV \ pour oil into your joints ami ©
> V3S*o cS X\\ iirnber thorn up. I have 9
I « Vv \ 3t 1 \ often said that pain and elec- 0
) *¦** Jl \k \ J^T I * \ tricity can't live in the same
I jjftd^^y "*^***"i \ \ house, and I prove It every
\ cfW&tfL&L «— V. j) Mr. G»o. M. Curtis. Livingston. 2
§3(W?lf^ -m^f — ¦ O~V^ Cal., writes: I (.ufferfd with ©
I §3*07 -'l « ~ O -2^"^ ehronie lame back for years. lam Q
) §*"*5» 1 V^ \^ * ' -— -y^* *y^^ _|^ pleased to say th;»t aftor thro* q
> W&SJ I V. vS "" " months' us» of your Belt I am
> fcsg»«A V */ ¦ /^^5^^ i^* ccmpletPly cured arvi as well as I TJ*
! Bar ftV J /£&P*&4ii¥ for tie pra1- J*
> r$j k\ 1 1 I - ? I <^flBli?nmr nd ice due to the graat num- O
> a 4A\ N JtW-f£^'. taSSKS^i^.raW* wonld not too able to Handle ©
> K tho business that_won!d coma jj
I fiL- frVud^and tie "rrla Drasr 1 * 5
•*&&%. scheme. whlcH are not free at *J
1 /®£5*. all, have made evsry one <5
» tWjgSS^^ j4a>7/ wC»8Bils8KSSi^ skeptical, bnt I know that X 9
> V \>«*?re&Ks^?W^ have a «ood tfcinsr. and m O
» V: ><o>^* * \£flJ^'-^^£irfs* hammer away until you ©
I know it. Q)
) One thing every man ought to know is this: Your body Is a machine. 9
1 It is run by the steam in your blood and nerves. When you begin to 3
. break down in any way you are out of steam. That's just what I want «,
to give you back. 2J
Mr. John O'Brien. 1153 Fifth St.. Oakland. Cal.. writes: T suffered intensely from j?
very never© lumbaxo. Plasters and medicine afforded no relief. After using your if
' Belt for nine days my pains were gone and I have been free from sufferlns ever since. Jjf
1 I have a cure In evary town, fcell me where yon live and 111 sire yon 2
1 the name of a man I've cored. ®?
1 Tell me your trouble and I'll tell you honestly whether I can cure ®
1 you or not. If I can't cure you, I don"t want your money. I have been ••
• In this business twenty-two years, and am the blpsest man in it tr>-day SI
I by long odds, and I am growing yet, because I give every man all he 0
1 pays for. Q>
1 Now wouldn't you rather wear my lifc-sivinir appliance while you sleep ®
» every night and feel its glowing warmth pouring into you. and feel your- Q>
I self taking on a new lease of life with each application, than to clog your A
( Intestines up with a lot of nauseous drugs?' Surely. Try me. q
I Mr. James Cuyler, Reno, Nev.. ¦writes: ¦ I have used your Electric Belt and can A
, truthfully say that It has cured me of what wat supposed to be a hopeless case of m
( lame back. I am now in perfect health and the credit U due to your treatment. •* „
If you will come and see'me'I'll explain to you. If you can't call. 2
let me send my book, full of the things a man finds Inspiring to strength X
and courage. Free if you send this ad. . . ©
DR. M. C- Md AlIfiHI IN 906 Mar * e * SS., Above Ellis. £
UF»» 1»1. V* lUV*L.M.UVIliL.in, San Francisco. CaL ®
1 Office Hours — 8 a. m. to -8 p. m. Sundays, 10 to 1. ©
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
flpplfifmiL
Food eaten without appetite al-
ways causes gastric disturbances,
because unless the glands of the
stomach are stimulated by a de-
sire for food no digestive juices
are formed. Consequently the
food is wasted and clogs up the
bowels. For Loss of Appetite and
Constipation there is nothing to
equal the Bitters. Try a dose be-
fore meals. It also cures Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion, Insomnia and
Malaria, Fever and Ague.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS.
No more wakeful nights if you
give your baby Mellin's Food.
Mellin's Food babies sleep
well.
MELLIW3 FOOD CO., BOSTON, MASS.
Trade is as honest here as
anywhere else; but it has to
be hard, when nobody knows
the goods, and the risk is on
both buyer and seller.
With Schilling's Best there
is no risk for either; money-
back takes it.
.... ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦ ' _ | . . . . i . .
J (Two Beautiful Women Restored to Health by Pe-rona.)
A Beautiful Girl's Experience. | a
[yjISS AMELIA WETHER. Appleton. j^^^r^^^^^^ 9
"Early last summer / contracted a \ *
cold which seemed to hang on to me Jk g»j I V "V|
and could not ba shaken off. From II J^^Sr/^ v\r ik
the head it went to the threat, and (M\ffi®M jjSfl
then affected my lungs. My mother 1§W|!||11 "^"^^BEwfe^M iV
felt very anxious and as we had used " >J w|[py \
Peruna in the family beforo, she ad- s K&5§il i^C j^^j&lEv v^s^j \
vised me to try it. I was somehow MJ^^s tf^^^^^^^Tn^l
very opposed but was persuaded to try fcyi j jsj^ -M £l^|^|p3J^ \Vj
Feruna. Using it one day convinced W // »
ma that it was no ordinary medicine, \j/ [W^^^M^^^^mM
within a week I was much bettor and ¥ (.^fe 1^^^^^^^^
in two weeks I was well, and I feli £\ «T . . . _
. > . t 1 ±± fill Mis'Z MthJKIfF DAf MF& in A
much stronger and in much better iqjyi u*j*ji tuijiti* ¦tsxlu .iL*njL\£0
health generally. I was perfectly sat- — ¦^¦^ ¦ Jirr
mfifiH with' iha »tu//c from i'nn usb of Peruna. We do not recommend Peruna
isnea witn tne results mom we use or as a consumptlon cure> but we do clalm
Peruna."— Miss Amelia Y/eymer. that it win rrev-r.t consumption if taken
¦* before the disease Is thoroughly est.nS-
The Cause Of Consumption IS Often a lished. It is only the cases of inclpir; c
o^__-~_ f~n*i consumption that we feel confident that
Common Cold. Peruna will cure.
• Nine cases of consumption out of ten Aliss Minnie Palmer, 75 Austin Ave .
occur in this way: Atlanta. Ga., writes:
A person catches' a cold. The cold is vhich'devel^ped into^atarrh^ the head
not properly cured, and they quickly an( j throat. I tried sprays and other
catch another one. This cold is dilly- remedies, but nothing 1 gave relief. Then
dallied with by no treatment, or some I tried Peruna and after the use of four
treatment that is ineffectual, and the S^^^^Xdid^JetlteMd
cold continues. am in fine health."— Minnie Palmer.
Then they catch another cold and be- Congressman George Henry Whito of
gin to cough. Then they take cough Tarboro. North Carolina, writes the fol-
syrups, but they do no good. lowing letter to Dr. Hartman. in regard
By and by they get tired of taking to the merits of the great catarrh cure.^
medicine, and give 'up in despair. Peruna: J
Their cold continues and their cough "I am more than satisfied with PerunA
grows worse. Then they apply to a and find it to be an excellent remedy far
doctor, only to discover that they are In the grip and catarrh. I have used It in
the first stages of consumption. my family, and they all Join me i»»
At any time during the progress of recommending it as an excellent resa-
tho catarrh, from the first onset of tho edy."— George H. "White,
cold to its final settlement in the lungs. If you do not derive prompt and satis- 1 -
Peruna can be relied upon to check the factory results from the use of Peruna
progress of the catarrh. Sometimes write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving a
after a diagnosis of consumption has full statement of your case, and he will
been made by competent physicians Pe- be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
runa has permanently cured. "We have vice gratis.
testimonials from many people who Address Dr. Hartman. President of
have been given up to die of consump- The Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus,
tion, who claim to have been cured by Ohio. -^SPOKANE, Wash., Nor. 1L— A Tacoma
dispatch to the Chronicle announces that
fitate Senator Edward S. Hamilton died
tc-dar of malignant typhoid fever, result
ing. It is asserted, from exposure under
gone during a recent political trip ov«r
the State. Senator Hamilton was on« of
the leaders in the Legislature and \ras a j
cardinal* 'or the United States Senate. j
Death, of a Washington Senator.
KANSAS CITY, Nov. 1L— "W. H. Mur
ray of San Francisco, who was Injured In
the Santa Fe wreck at Dean, Mo., two
weeks ago, when Mrs. Booth-Tucker was
killed, passed through Kansas City to
day en route home from the railway hos
pital at Fort Madison. Iowa. 'While badly
hurt, Murray says that he received no per
manent injury. Murray Is connected with
the California Promotion! Committee of
San Francisco, in whose interest he was
making an extended trip when hurt.
Murray was accompanied by his son.
Warren E. Murray, who cam© East to
conduct his father home.
Santa Fe Disaster, Is Re
covering.
W. H. Murray, Who Was Hurt in
V 10177* OF TRAIN
WRECK STARTS HOME
TORONTO, Ontario, Nov. 11.— At the
annual meeting of the Canadian Club last
night TV. A. P. Parker, the newly elected
president, declared that the country was
living on the threshold of big events.
Many cf those present, he declared, would
see the great step taken that would lead,
perhaps, to separation and independence.
The president's remarks were wildly
cheered. Parker Is a well-known bar
rister and many prominent men are mem
bers of the club.
MONTREAL, Nov. 11.— The Introduc
tion of the Stars and Stripes at the close
of a play at the Academy of Music late
last night caused a great uproar. Cat
calls and groans filled the house and
lasted until long after a statue represent
ing Britannia was shown. After that the
whole audience arose and sang "God Save
the King."
Weil-Known Dominion Barrister Says
the Break Is Not Far
Distant.
CANADA'S INDEPENDENCE
PREDICTED BY PARKER
CHICAGO, Nov. 11.— The friends of Roo
pan Dyeian. a your.g Armenian who has
been found dead in bed, are cf the opin
ion that he was murdered and class his
death with the assassinations of Armen
ians which have been taking place of late
in different parts of the old world.
Dyeian was suffocated by the gas which
rscaped from an open jet in his room,
ar.d the Coroner's inquest which investi
gated the affair declared that he had
cither committed suicide or had met death
accidentally, there being no direct evi
dence to support either theory.
It is said by pecple living in the flat
building in which Dyeian had taken
rooms with an Armenian family that on
two nights recently a strange man was
*»*n in the halls. It !s thought by the
friends of Dyeian that the man made his
way Into the room where the young man
was asleep ar.d turned on the gas.
Dyeian had but lately arrived In this
country and was compelled to leave his
native country on account of his identi
fication with the revolutionary party.
Strange Circumstances Attach, to the
Death of Recent Arrival in
Chicago.
SUSPECT ARMENIAN
WAS MURDERED
It was announced that this money Is
to be raised by a tax label to be put on
every package of liquor and barrel of
beer, but some of the dealers say tha
label may not be used. They stated that
the money can be raised by regular as
sessment upon each saloon-keeper. In
Manhattan alone there are 6<»i members
of the association in good standing.
If every State represented in the na
tional association takes similar action the
defense fund with liquor dealers, at this
rate, will approximate $5,000,000.
"Our organization," said one of the of
ficers, "is not a political body in any
sense. It is a business men's organiza
tion, formed for strictly business pur
poses, but when a political party attacks
our interests we can play politics, and
henceforward we propose to do It. The
saloon-keepers are not alone In this busi
ness. Wholesalle dealers, brewers, those
who supply mineral waters and every
body associated with the business is in
the plan."
KETV YORK. Nov. 11.— In fear cf fur
ther drastic legislation, following that of
last winter when license fees in this State
were advanced greatly, the central or
ganization of the New York City Wine.
Uquor and Beer Dealers' Association has
adopted resolutions approving the de
fense fund plan formulated at the recent
lic.ucr dealers' national convention and
has fixed New Ycrk State's contribution
at JT30.O00.
2»e-w* York's Contribution to Fund
Alone Will Amount to
$750,0O0.
XJQUOK MEN COMBINE
FOB, SELF-PROTECTION
WASHINGTON. Nor. 11.— The annual re
rrTt 0 Adjutant General Hall cf the army.
trace public to-day, deals with every
phasa cf the military establishment. The
•'p:.t..-.s strength o£ the army on October
;;, S^jZ. was 33S1 officers and 55,500 en
listed rr.ea. There were lost to the army
during the year ended June 30. 1903. 29.213
men, as follows:
One hundred and thirty-eight officers.
ci when 25 were killed in action or died
from wounds cr disease; 2S,1«1 enlisted
rr.en. of whom 837 were killed in action or
died cf wounds or disease, the remainder
representing: men discharged for expira
tion cf term of service, for disability, by
sentence cf court-martial, desertions and
retirements. Forty-two officers resigned
tr.d 71 retired; 5034 enlisted men deserted
tr.d 203 retired.
A detailed account cf the workings of
the act to promote the efficiency of tha
militia passed at the last session of Con
gress is given. Inspections of the several
militia, organizations -were made and the
total number of the organized militia. In
cluding officers, was ascertained to be
116,542.
The adjutant general comments at
ltr.gth en the opposition developed in
toaie quarters to the militia law, which,
he cays, is less on tie whole than was
anticipated.
A number of recommendations looking
toward better service of organized militia
are made.
Fightiig Strength at the
present Numbers More
Than 55,000.
Adjutant General Piles
Statement With the
Department.
ANNUAL REPORT
ON THE ARMY
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, t NOyEMBER 12, 1903.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS. '- .
The annual varsity football game between the teams of Stanford and California will be held Satur-
day afternoon, November 14th, at 3 o'clock, on the Richmond grounds, corner of California street and
Seventh avenue.
If you are going to the game remember this: The weather in San Francisco is changeable. Be
prepared for any change. Take along your overcoat; then if it rains, grows cold or becomes foggy, you
will be comfortable.
You will want a new overcoat this winter, anyway, so buy it now. Buy it here direct from the
makers at a saving of middleman's profits. We are makers, wholesalers and retailers, doing an immense
business. Our business advantages enable us to save you $5 or $10 on an overcoat. We have an im-
mense stock of them, comprising every style, weave and price.
To give you an idea we will go into detail:
The materials are cheviots, vicunas, meltons, unfihished worsteds and kerseys; the colors are black,
blue, brown, olive, oxford gray and various mixtures; the linings are heavy ribbed serges, Circassian cloth,
satin and silk;. they are made with either plain backs or belts, and the lengths, range from 40 to 50 inches;
the prices are from $10 to $35; -~
If you prefer a "Cravenette" rain coat, we have the "genuine Priestly garments at prices from '$10 up
to $25. We bought the "Cravenette" cloth and made the garments ourselves, and are selling them for $5
to $10 less than any other store in. town. ; •.
If you intend to buy an overcoat, be sure and see our stock. We have just the coat you want for
at least $5 less than you expect to pay; The garments are here ready to wear, awaiting your call.
College Colors Free C^'.'^T il//\/\l^l £*: £w^\ Col lea e Colors Free
askm 9- m 7A£\ Mot«ir^4- Q-f t'iaia'f Cardinal.
• . ' • • . . -. ' '•¦•-• 1 ¦;* "Ty:; *7.m*| I>vt;: OvlvyL |STUDENTS , OF BERKELEY
WHO WILL TAKE PART IN
FARCE. / " :
? . NEfr YORK— Arrived Nov. 11— Stmr' Maine,
from Bremen. . ' " •,..>-.
rQUEENSTOWN — Arrived- Nov - 11 — Stmr
Cedrie,- from "" New "' York, '"for "Liverpool," and
proceeded,' • " "
Late Shipping Intelligence.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
VISALIA. Nov. 11.— Michael Mitchell, a
bartender, who was injured in the colli
sion here last night, is not expected to re
cover. He h^, two, brothers living in San
Francisco .'and a . sister In : Sacramento.
They have been advised of his condition.
Victim of Collision May Die.
ROME, Nov. 11. -In his private apart
ment.to-day Pope Pius bestowed the red
beretta upon the two new Cardinals Mjrr
Merry Del Val, the papal secretary of
state, and Mgr.' Callegari, the Archbishop
of Padua. "
Honors for New Cardinals.
CALDWELL* N. J., Nov. 1L— Th© final
taking of th© testimony of Mrs. Hannah
E. Nelson of this place In th© review of
the settlement of the Charles L. Fair es
tate was finished to-day before Commis
sioner B. D. Eisley, who will soon sub
mit his report to th© New York Supreme
Court. The examinations were conducted
Testimony in Fair Case Ends.
Question for Debate Is Announced.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 11.-
Th© general question for, the annual Car
not debate between Stanford and the Unl.
versity of California was announced to^
day. Tb.3 subject for discussion will be
the "French Judicial System." The Car
not question is always based upon some
matter connected with the politics or gov
ernmental 1 policy of France. The general
subject Is announced several weeks in ad
vance, but the particular phase to be de
bated . Is not ' announced . to • the ? speakers
until one hour before the contest.'' < " '<
PARIS. Nov. 11.— There Is now reason
to; believe that M. Nelldorff, until re
cently the Russian Embassador at Rome
will be appointed Russian Embassador at
Paris -in succession to Prince Ourousoff
transferred to Rome. • '
Nelidorff -May Go to Paris.
PORTllAND, Or., Nov. 1.— Francis Jo
seph Heney, a San Francisco attorney,
who has been appointed by Attorney Gen
eral Knox as special counsel to assist the
United States District Attorney In prose
cuting the land fraud cases of the Gov
ernment against Miss' Maria L. Ware.
Horace G.' McKlnley and S.-A. D. Puter,
arrived here this morning. j. •-
Heney Arrives in Portland
HOUSTON,- Tex., Nov. 11.— The Court
of Criminal Appeals to-day affirmed with
out reservation V the constitutionality.' of
the 5 new State law; prohibiting betting foh
horse racing in'. the State _of Texas." Both
the bettor and the acceptor of the wagerB
are punishable and the court decided that
the Legislature hi within its province in
providing different punishments for the
two classes. . • *.
Blow to Horse Racing in Texas.
.•TACOMA, Nov. 11.— As a testimonial of
the . esteem in which ho is held by the
employes of the Ames Mercantile Com
pany,-W. H.' Parson, the manager, was
presented with a beautiful ivory tusk
crlbbage board, suitably inscribed, just
before his departure for San Francisco
according to advices received from Daw
son to-day. After visiting San Francisco
Parson will. take a trip East. He has
been In the Klondike since 1S9S and has
held the position of manager of the com
pany since 1900.
Show Appreciation of Manager.
Report Against Heat Shops.
WELLINGTON, Xew Zealand, Nov. 11.
The Commerce Committee of the House
has reported adversely on Premier Sid
don's scheme to establish meat shops in
the United Kingdom. The committee says
New Zealand for the present has reached
the limit of Its frozen meat output and
that therefore It is unnecessary and in
opportune to start trade rivalry with Ar
gentina, which will Inevitably result in a
fall in prices.
TACOMA, Nov. 11.— A new method for
a bride-elect to reach her betrothed was
adopted at Dawson three weeks ago when
Miss Hark of Montana journeyed 'down
the Yukon from Dawson to Eagle . on a
common freight scow. She arrived at
Dawson after the last steamer had gone
down the river and the ice was already
running. Miss -Hark then accented pas
sage to Eagle on one of two scows which
Mall Contractor Downing was taking
"down « the river laden ; with freight. A
tent was erected amldshlp and- a couch
was Installed. Contractor Downing . and
his crew treated the young woman . with
the utmost j resoectj their -'admiration for
her pluck and determination making her
aueen of the fleet. '- . .
Bride-Elect Travels in Freight Scow.
DALLAS, Tex.. Xov. 1L*-A special to
the News from El Paso says: It became
known here to-day that arrangements
have almost been completed for the con
struction of a railroad from Juarez to the
Pacific Coast, backed by David Johnson
of Mexico City, the Hagenbarths of Salt
Lake City and Eastern capitalists.
The proposed road is to pass through
the villages of Colona, Dublan and Colona
Juarez, thence taking a. southwesterly
direction. As now proposed It will trav
erse on© of the richest countries in timber
and minerals of tho republic It is stlpu
late'u In connection with the grant of road
that 4000 colonists will be brought into the
land. ' : .
Capitalists Aro Planning tho Con
struction of a Line From
City of Juarez.
RAILROAD FROM MEXICO
TO THE PACIFIC COAST
Caught In Eevolving Machinery.
LOS AXGELES, Xov. 1L— Jacob W.
Pape. engineer of Bly Brothers' Stone
Works, met with a terrible death to-day.
Pap© had gone to the roof of the Eton©
works to repair a belt that needed new
lacing, leaving the machinery running.
While leaning over a rapidly revolving
shaft a set screw connected with a pulley
caught In his blouse, and In an instant
bis body was whirling through the air.
Before the engine could be stopped Pap©
v. as dead.
NEW ORLEANS, Nov. 11.— At the clos
ing session to-day of the thirty-first an
nual convention of the American Asso
ciation of Traveling Agents the CIt>» of
Mexico was selected as" the next place of
meeting over Portland, Or. E. F. Bur
nette, general Eastern agent of the
Oceanic Steamship Company at New
York, was unanimously elected president;
J.-W. Adams, president of the Pacific
Coast Passenger Association, was unani
mously chosen vice president, and Louis
Landmann was elected to succeed him
self as secretary and treasurer.
Travelers to Go to Mexico City.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Nov. 11.— The caso of
Hugh H. Price, on trial for alleged brib
ery, was dismissed to-day upon instruc
tions of the United States Court to th©
jury to acquit because the testimony pre
sented was not consistent with the In
dictment. The case will be referred to the
next Grand Jury. The difference between
the indictment and evidence was that the
latter did not show that money had been
paid previous to the performance of work,
but subsequently, If not paid at all.
The defendant was the Surveyor Gen
eral of Arizona and was removed from of
fice not long ago and accused of having
charged applicants for mining 'patent fees
in excess of those provided for by law.
It was an old custom of the office. prior
to and Including Price's administration to
charge extra fees to those who desired
early action on filings, the office being be
hind in clerical work and the plea being
that in order to hasten matters It was
necessary to ' hire clerks to work ' out 'of
office hours. Chief Clerk Murphy, who
had been in the office for years, was in
dicted jointly, but a severance of the case
was granted. Ftar other Indictments are
pending against Wth Price and Murphy.
Evidence Adduced at. Price Bribery
Trial Fails to Support Allega
tions of Indictment.
COURT INSTRUCTS JURY
TO ACQUIT A DEFENDANT
TACOMA, Wash., Nov. 11.— The state
penitentiary at Walla Walla has on hand
about 1,000,000 grain bags, manufactured
during the past year and for which a de
mand was not found during the harvest-
Ing. The bags are at the penitentiary and
will be carried over to next year. This
is something very unusual, as in the past
there has seldom been bags enough to
go around, and two years ago the output
of ' the mill had to be divided pro rata
among the customers, each receiving
about half what he wanted. The great
shortage in the wheat crop is the cause
for no demand for jute bags.
No Demand for the Grain Bags.
ICENO, Or., Nov. 11.— That love comes
to the sightless as welL as to the seeing
is demonstrated in the marriage of Miss
Sadie BrJstow and II. C. Smith, which
¦was solemnized here yesterday. Both
are blind, but both at cne time in their
lives were able to see. Miss BrJstow re
ceived her education at the Salem school
for the blind, where ehe afterward taught
for several years. It was while there
that ehe became acquainted with her pres
ent husband through the medium of cor
respondence for the blind. Smith Is a
man of considerable means, owning a
store and much property In Klamath
County. He is 40 years old and bad per
fect sight until he was 21, when hard
ftudy. after a severe case of measles,
caused his blindness.
SIGHTLESS COUPLE JOIN
FORTUNES IN MATRIMONY
Groom Is a ilan of Considerable
Means, Ovming Much PTop
erty in Oregon.
SANTA ROSA, Xov. 11.— The sessions
of the Sonoma Association of Congre
gational Churches, which convened in
this city Tuesday, closed this evening af
ter an Interesting and successful meet-
Ing. The association sermon was preach
ed by the Rev. W. E. Eckles of Green
Valley, followed by a communion ser
vice. Rev. A. B. Snider of Cloverdale
was elected moderator, and Rev. R. B.
Cherlngton of Kenwood secretary. There
were a number of splendid addresses
made to-day and several papers on re
ligious topics were presented.
Church Convention Closes.
NEW YORK, Nov. 11. — At Commissioner
Greene's reauest Police Inspector Mc-
Laughlln to-day made a report on ths
disorder at the Roxbtirghe-Goelet wed
ding, yesterday when the crowd surround,
ing the church, mainly women, made it
difficult for tho bride and guests to enter
the church. The inspector says that tho
police were not severe enough, on ac
count of the great number of well-dressed
women. This, he Bald, prevented tha
police handling the crowd as If It had
been composed of men. He found that
eeventy-five policemen could not manage
the crowd and they were forced to send
for more.
POLICE NOT SEVERE
AT GOELET WEDDliSTG
Inspector Says That Patrolmen Were
Gentle Because Women in Crowd
Were So Well Dressed.
TACOMA; Wash., Nov. 11.— Slat© and
Xazlna, Copper River's two placer pro
ducing districts, yielded $500,000 in gold
during the past season, according to
George M. Esterly, one of. the heaviest
operators in that section of Alaska.
Esterly Is just out from the Copper River
country. He estimates that of the total
output Xazlna produced about $150,000 and
Slate Creek in the neighborhood of $350,
000. The past season has demonstrated
that Xazlna is essentially a hydraulic dis
trict and the man with the pick and
shovel stands little chance there.
Placer Districts Show Big Yields.
Police Officers Evatt and Cregan ar
rested a youth aged 16 yea Is last night
on North Point street, near Polk, and
sent him to the detention hospital at the
City Hall. They found him asleep in a
buggy which he had stolen from the rear
of the Palace Hotel Tuesday noon. The
police have been on the lookout for him.
The boy is supposed to be demented. He
has a mania for stealing horses and bug
gies. The one ho was found with last
night he has stolen twice. He has ap
peared in the Juvenile Court recently for
stealing a horse and buggy and was re
leased on probation.
Mania for Stealing Horses.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 11. — Deputy
United. States Marshal Place, who has
brought here from San Diego fifteen Chi
nese for deportation, reports that a
strange vessel has arrived oft Oceanside.
San Diego County, and is lying well off
shore. Deputy Place asserts that the
vessel has been acting In a manner that
has aroused the suspicions of United
States officials, who, he says, believe It
is a craft loaded with Chinese seeking to
land on United States soil at some out
of the way place. .Officers are patrol ins
the beach in the vicinity of Oceanside to
prevent a possible attempt to land Chi
nese.
Officers "Watch Mysterious'Vessel.
OAKLAND, Nov. 11.— The following
marriage licenses were Issued by the
County Clerk to-day. Otto R. Nilson. 21.
and Bessie S. Lake, 24. both of Oakland;
John Innes. 33, and Nettie if. Geary, 23.
both of Oakland: John Christiansen, 24,
Oakland, and May F. Norton, IS. San
Francisco: Oliver D. Towles, 22, and Flor
ence L. Ramsden, IS. both of San Fran
cisco; Alexander Williams. 26. San Fran
cisco, and Gertrude Peltcher. 19,*OakIand.
Marriage Licenses.
The national master recommends legis
lation for the further extension of free
rural dHlvery, postal savings banks, the
election of United States Senators direct
ly by the popular vote of the p»ople, giv
ing Congress power to regulate corpora
tions and combinations, enlarging the
j>owers of the Interstate Commerce Com
mission, enactment of pure food laws and
a *hip canal connecting the Mississippi
Klver with the great lakes.
ROCHESTER, N. Y.. Nov. 11.— National
Master Jones in h!s annual address to
the National Grange, Patrons of Hus
bandry, stated that the growth of the or
der had been more rapid in the past year
than ever before In Its history. He urged
the extension of nature teaching in the
I ublic schools. "Agriculture," he said,
"has not enjoyed an equal degree of pros-
I'f-rity with manufacturing and oth*r ln
duFtriai and commercial enterprises in
the United States. Farmers are rosing
their relative position in the wealth and
j'roduction of the nation. It is the duty
ef this order and of every farmer to ln
vstigate and discover the causes that
have contributf-d to this condition and
j:id in their remedy or removal where
lound."
National Master Jones Makes Im
portant Suggestions Before
the National Grange.
URGES THE PROMOTION
OF FARMING INDUSTRY
SEATTLE. Nov. 1L— The French bark
Ville de Mulhouse has been disentangled
from the Alaska cable.. This morning:
•when the vessel's anchor was hoisted It
revealed the fact that a mass of cab'.a
rope had twisted about the anchor sev
eral times, making it difficult to separate?
them. The cable had also been barked
and the outside surface of it marred con.
siderably, though In no place had the line
been severed.
Alaska Cable Is "Uninjured.
ROME, Nov. 11.— The Duke of AbruzrI.
commander of the Italian third class
cruiser Ligurla, now at New Orleans, has
been instructed by the Admiralty here to
proceed to Santo Domineo if the revo
lution there renders such a step neces
sary for the protection of Italian subjects.
Puke of Abruzzi Instructed to Watch
Santo Dozningan Affairs.
ITALY MAY SEND CRUISER.
The several adults who had witnessed
v/hat they thought was a shocking trag
edy rushed forward as the train passed,
expecting to find two mangled corpses.
They found a little girl, crying and laugh
ing hysterically and smoothing the dress
of her baby brother. "You're not hurt,
are you, Jamie?" was all she could say.
The little folks live at Golden Gate,
near the tracks of the Berkeley local,
and an errand had called them to cross
the tracks. While the elder paused in
caution at the whistle the younger ven
tured between the glittering bands of
steel, despite his elster's warning, and
nearly caused the death of both.
Oakland Office. San Francisco Call,
• ;. • llijja^oadway, Nov' 11.
. Spurred by a grAtf necessity and actu
ated by a courage far beyond her years
and judgment, little 8-year-old Louise
McParland ran Into the open maw of
death yesterday to rescue her 4-year-old
brother James. Several adults stood
alongside the .track, and._sa,w. young
ster standing helpfjes)i at th'e 'approach of
a giant engine. Not so his little sister,
who had paused outside the danger line
while her baby brother, all unknowing,
wooed destruction in his toddling voyage
across the tracks. She warned him with
her voice, and, bewildered, he turned to
question her while the giant locomotive
bore down upon him.'
Before time could scarcely mark a pause
it became too late for coaxing. Another
moment would have seen the little toddler
ground beneath the Iron wheel?. Suddenly
the little sister rushed forward and
grasped the bewildered baby in her arms.
A slightest pause, an instant of suspense,
would have meant death to both the chil
dren. There was no falling in the little
heroine. With every muscle strained to
the breaking point, she carried her heavy
burden to the other side of the track
Just as the engine rushed past.
She fell Just beyond the reach of the
wheels, her brother safely clasped in her
arms. Some of the cocks on the engine
struck and bruised her and the air of the
onrushing locomotive caused her a heavy
fall. From these Injuries she will be con
fined to her bed for several days, but her
brother escaped entirely without injury.
The morning and the evening trains of
the new system are well patronized, but
the half-hourly trains through the day
are never filled. This is .so because the
line, depends entirely upon transient
travel. When commutation tickets are
sold after the first of the month there will
probably be a difference in the amount of
trailic.
Passengers say that the 5:30ifast train
was fast enough, but that the one put on
to-night exceeds it. After leaving Six
teenth-street station the engineer opens
the. throttle so wide that the train simply
leaps over he rails. Some women on to
night's train were frightened at the rock
ing and swaying of the cars.
The fast train reduces the time ten min
utes, which is about ten minutes slower
than the new system. It reaches Lorin,
the first stopping place, at the half hour
and then fifteen minutes are consumed In
stopping at the stations between • Lorin
and Berkeley, making forty-five minutes
for . the trip. The new system does the
trick in thirty-five minutes.
To meet the cut in time between .Berke
ley and San Francisco made by the new
ferry line the Southern Pacific Company
put on a second flyer to-day on its local
system. The company has been meeting
the. 5:30. o'clock boat for several months
with a fast train, but now the inroads
on its -traffic by the competing line have
forced If to put on a train to meet the 6
o'clock boat.
Berkeley Office San Francisco* Call,
2148 Center Street. Nov. 11. \
The play and vaudeville will: be under
the management of N. N. Eddy. Rob
ert A. Roos will be the stage manager,
assisted by W. W. Boardman, Phil Carey
and Jack Levy, commltteemen.
,The Messenger '. .Le Roy*Smlth, '02
J The play will be followed by vaudeville
performances by professionals from the
San Francisco theaters, the following
;'havlng been engaged to exhibit their tal
ents:" Phil and Nellie Peters, the Brit
ton colored cpuple. Lew Wells, Serra.and
f.Bella Rosa, Fred Warren and Al Blan
chard. ... .
THE IMPLICATED.
Ko Ed (a woman sti*dent of Yu See)
; Rush McComa*; '04
Ko To (graduate Mangarln of Yu See;
Mel Jeftress, - Ot
Wool See (his assistant) Howard Merrill, 'Oi
Mak See (whom we all know)
Pauline MeVey; '05
Oh Con (oi the California n) — scribe
Walter De Leon. 'C6
Ah Price (of the Occident) — scribe...'
Lew Bulkeley, '05
Pah Ken (of the Magazine) — scribe
i. Brook Lowe, 'OS
Yu Gene (of the Blue and Gold) — scribe..... .
; . . .Herb Baker. '05
Captain Bounceback (of the Pal Lo Eleven).
Mark Daniels, '05
STUDENTS AT YU SEE. "
Carlos Black Fred Berry. '03
(Jus Black Mollle Bingham, U«l
Scctty Hentracks Bert Campbell, '05
Frank Harmon (gym.) C. B. Cox, '0(J
Willie Vault Bert Einstein, '00
Art Kappa? Dan Fess«nden, '06
"Judge" Whalebone ¦. . . . .Frank Gillelen, '05
Leo PI Phi Jag Jaggard, "05
Hart Longgreen Sam Lilienthal, '05
Nat Sing Sing Clyde Llnscott, 'Ofl
Jack Bevie . . . . Archie Macleish, '03
Mike Whathelly Mayor Schmidt. '06
Phil M. Korey.. Chauncey Triebel, '04
Billy Uoundworld- Wld Wldney, '00
"TAI LO ELEVEN.
Cleat Anne Anloff, '05
Sprouts ..Bab Babson, '06
Tommy : „. Doc Blsbee, "04
Heavyman Stew Chlsholm, '06
Scab ..C. J. Cox, '0(1
Loudmouth '..Jack Dlebert, '04
Bchmltz ,Stew S. Hawley, '03
: .Terpcntlne Quilly Quilli&m, '06
Dolores ...;....... Rusty Russ, 'Ofl
"Jim Dumps " , Ray Tyler, '05
B— — EKELEY, Nov. 11.— Whether the
football eleven wins next Satur
day or no the "students of the
...-University of California are going
to have some fun ;at Stanford's
expense. If the eleven wins the satire in
drama at the Alhambra Theater on the
evening of the game will smart according
to the depth of the score, but If It loses—
well, the fellows will laugh anyway.
The drama to be exhibited la a farce
called "Under Protest." It was written
by A. C. Keane andJo Loeb. It deals
with the aftermath. o£ a .football game
between the elevens of two Chinese uni
versities—Yu See and Pal Lo (Alto).. The
Pai Lo eleven, wearing a* lobster on the*
breast as an emblem, instead of an S,
protests that it lost the game because
there was a co-ed ori the Yu See .team.
The emperor sends his soldiers to ap
prehend the maiden, who has disappeared.
She is captured and the condition 'for her
release is that she shall tie up the Pal
Lo eleven, which she does. The. upsHot
of the whole thing Is that Pal Lo forces
Yu See to promise to play at least four
co-eds in each game, so that Pal Lo may
win once in a while. The, cast of char
acters is as. follows:
Child of Eight Shows
Great Presence
of Mind.
ern Pacific to Im
prove Service.
New Liue Forces South-
•Williams and MlS3 Peltcher are both
employed at Idora Park. He. lives in San
Francisco, and came over bright and
early this morning and at the license
counter gave his age as 38 years and that
of his Intended as 19. He also made an
engagement to meet Justice of the Peace
Geary at the noon hour with the girl of
his choice! When he returned it was to
call the engagement off. He did not ask
for his money back, but said he had a li
cense he did not want that any one could
buy cheap.
Le Lievre got his license to marry Miss
Ella Wright, who lives at 1007 Jackson
street. It transpired that she did not
know until the day of the wedding that
Le Lievre was a motorman, and when
she found It out she began to cry and
decided that she could not consent to be
come the bride of a car man. The guests
had assembled before Le Lievre was in
formed of the bride's change of mind.
As the eatables had been prepared he
proposed that the guests be entertained,
and while the wedding did not occur the
breakfast was served. Tho bride has gone
to San Francisco.
Last Saturday William Le LJevre bought
a permit to marry Ella Wright, and the
cerembny was to have been performed
that evening, but the couple are still un
married.
Alexander Williams purchased one of
these licenses this morning for the pur
pose of marrying Gertrude Pelcher, and
two hours later returned' and said that
the engagement made with the Justice
had been called off 'and there would be
no wedding.
Two marriage licenses were reported to
the County Clerk to-day as having failed
of their purpose, the reason being that
the intended brides had changed their
minds when the hours for the ceremonies
arrived.
Oakland OfHce San Francisco Call,
1}1S Broadway. Nov. 11.
SAN JOSE. Nov. II. — Light showers
have been falling since noon. Measure
ment 1 at 10 p. m., .22: total for sea
son, 183 of "an inch. •
PETERSBURG. Ind., Nov. 11.— A ter
rific windstorm passed through the west
ern part of this county to-day, doing an
immense amount of damage. The White
River Chapel Church, five miles west of
here, was lifted from its foundation and
carried a distance of twenty-five feet,
turned completely around and demolished.
Houses, barns and outbuildings were de
stroyed in a number of places. .
The building completed, by the J. D.
Carter glass factory In the western part
of the city last Saturday at a cost of $30.
000 was blown from its foundation and
badly wrecked.
Wind "Wrecks Building and Causes
General Damage Near Petersburg.
HEAVY STOBM IN INDIANA.
LITTLE HEROINE
SAVES BROTHER
COMPANY ADDS
ANOTHER TRAIN
Women R9fuse to Marry
After Licenses Are
Bought.
WASHINGTON. Nov. II. — Captain
Briggs, commanding the cruiser Balti
more, cabled the Navy Department to
day ' from Puerto Plata that the Balti
more left there this morning for Macoris
end San Domingo City. It is said at the
State Department that the Instructions to
the American naval officers are of a char
acter to prevent any further bombard
ment by the Government or insurgent
forces of any Dominican ports in which
American interests are involved without
pivlng notice, as required by international
law.
General Paul Cabrera, at the head of
S90 revolutionists, with e!x pieces of ar
tillery and a treasure chest containing
$4000, arrived yesterday before the city.
The euard for the German consulate,
which was landed from the cruisers of
Germany now in port, kefp in instant
communication with the latter by means
of a Fignal station which has been erect
ed over the consulate.
Last D&hfc artillery duel resulted In
no damage, as the insurgents' shells failed
to explode. Both Fides express confidence.
The peneral idea is that the capitol can
not l>e taken br assault, although the
Government forces have been bottled up
elnce the last sortie.
The German cruiser Gazelle, accompa
nied by the merchantman Athen. has re
turned from St. Thomas to force the
blockade at Sanchez, Macoris, Puerto
Plata and Samant.
The foreien Consuls held a two-hour
conference yesterday and decided to ig
nore the insurgents.
SAN DOMINGO. Nov. 1L— The Insur
gent*, having oSclally notified the for
eign Consuls yesterday that they contem
plated a heavy bombardment on the capi
tal, made an all night attack with ehells
and Email arms. The attack was repulsed.
The city government refused the rebels'
demand to surrender.
Epeciel Dierateh to The Call.
General Cabrera Brings Troops
and Artillery to Reinforce
the Besieging
Army.
Foreign Consuls Refuse to
Hecogniz3 Insurgent
Government.
Policeman Wallace related that on the
night of the party he was awakened by
the racket and went next door to request
that it cease. After his sister had re
ferred to Mrs. Tilden as a "snip" the door
was flammed in his face, and he caused
a warrant to be issued some* days later.
Wallace says that he would not have
urged the arrest had It not been for the
fact that the Tildens seemed to have in
vented new devices for creating noise in
the days that followed. He said that a
hammer wag, used by his - neighbors for
pounding on the walls. As a reason for
this opinion he said that Tilden was a
carpet-layer and thoroughly conversant
with the use of the hammer. He said the
charges In the Police Court were not dis
missed at his suggestion, but at the earn
est request of the defendant. The com
mission at this point found that the po
liceman was Justified in causing the war
rant to be issued, and dismissed the
charges against him.
Miss Annie Henneberry, who is em
ployed by the telephone company, told of
"noises beyond description" that kept
everybody in the house awake. She re
ferred to the Tilden house party as a
party of "wild Indians" and said she was
Rlad when the neighbors packed their
trunks and left. "From the evening of
the party until October 15, when they
moved," said the witness, "the noise in
creased. Every day something was add
ed to its intensity, and these people had
some iron instrument that traveled from
room to room, battering on the walls." F.
Golden, who Is employed in the cashier's
department at the Union Iron Works,
had paid the officer a brief visit on one
occasion and had heard the turmoil next
door.
Attorney. Walter Gallagher opened the.
defense with a statement that the charges
brought by Wallace were dismissed on
the pleading of Tilden. Chief Bond and
Warrant Clerk -Fltxpatrick testified that
he had sent notice of the complaint to the
Tilden home, but," with the exception of
a telephone message, no attention was
paid to it. Miss Theresa Johnson, who oc
c.ipies a room in the Wallace house, de
scribed the disturbances in the Tilden
house as being caused by the slamming
of doors, moving of things on the floor,
battering of objects against the walls and
running up and down stairs. She said
the Tilden party on October 3 was a noisy
affair and that she was compelled to leave
her room until after midnight, when it
broke up.
t PARTY OF INDIANS.
George S. Tilden, cashier for Baldwin
& Howell and a brother of the complain
ing witness, tes tilled to having been pres
ent at the house party and to the of
ficer's visit Then Miss Edith Tilden took
the stand. She said that whenever she
attempted to play the piano these "so
called people," as she termed her neigh
bors, would hammer on the walls, slide
furniture across, floors and roll the "can
non ball" up and down stairs. A. Roth
child, who visited the Tilden home on one
occasion, said that be heard the "cannon
ball" in operation and that the 'racket
made him Jump.
CANNON BALL ON STAIRS.
It required two hours' time and 200
pages of stenographer's notes for the Po
lice Commission to ascertain last night
whether Baron 6. Tilden, a carpet layer,
and his relatives, residing at 1525 Bush
street, or Police Officer .Thomas A- Wal
lace and his relatives, residing at 1523
Busn street, created the greater disturb
ance In that neighborhood. Tilden al
leged that the officer should carry the
banner in this respect, but the Commis
sioners accorded that distinction to the
tack driver and the charges made against
the policeman were dismissed. If the*
voluminous testimony is to be believed,
such things as "cannon balls." "iron in
struments that travel from room to room,
banging on the walla"; "coal boxes that
are used as targets." noises "beyond de
scription" and "wild Indians" played im
portant parts in the rackets.
The proceedings were ludicrous from the
beginning. Tilden, acting aB his own at
torney, livened things up and testified
that the trouble began vhtn Wallaces
sister objected to a little Spit* dog that
his sister had brought on the premises.
He further stated that the policeman had
nailed a large elecion banner, extolling
the merits of one "Webster." across the
front of his house and would not take it
down for several days. On the evening
of October 3. when he was having a lit
tle party In the kitchen, Wallace came to
the door and threatened the members of
his family with arrest if they did not
cease their noise. Mrs. Tilden was pres
ent when the threat was made and Miss
Wallace Is said to have shouted from her
door to her brother: "You're lowering
yourself to talk to that dirty, little
snip." Tilden said that noises as If a
cannon ball was being rolled up and
down etairs came from the Wallace resi
dence, also thumping on the walls and
pounds as of the marching of cavalry.
Finally, Tilden says, he was obliged to
move to 1407 Van Ness avenue. He was
then arrested on a complaint of having
disturbed the peace, sworn to by the po
liceman, and claims that he suffered hu
miliation by being placed in a cell for tfn
minutes.
CHANGE MINDS
AT LAST MINUTE
Amalgamated officials say that the oth
er properties of the Amalgamated In
Idaho and Wyoming will be started up at
once. Directly and indirectly nearly 21,
000 men will return to work.
The Butte Miners' Union has passed
resolutions thanking Governor Toole for
his action in calling a special session of
the Legislature. The working people of
Butte and the State are Jubilant -and the
depression that has been felt in business
circles for the past twenty day3 is much
relieved.
BUTTE, Mont., Nov. 11.— Work was re
sumed to-day in all the properties of the
Amalgamated Copper Company in tho
State. In Butte 6500 men went back, fn
Anaconda 2000 men are again employed In
the Washoe Smelter and at Great Fall3
the Boston and Montana smelter has
started with a full force of 2000 men. The
work of lowering mules, horses and tool3
into the mines was begun this morning
and soon the three shifts will be working
as before.
Marchant went there armed with a
hatchet and revolver, it is alleged, and
when refused an entrance he demolished
the rear door, but the young woman
escaped the front way and was taken to
the convent. When the doctor learned of
her escape It Is alleged that he* threatened
to kill her brothers. Then they appealed
to the police. Meantime he made a- vic
ious attack upon the two boys. "When
his wife learned that he was to be ar
rested she warned him and he took a
north-bound train. Ha is said to" hav*
threatened to kill the whole family if
Violet is not produced by them. It is
believed that his infatuation has affected
his mind.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. U.-Because of
his infatuation for his sister-in-law and
as a result of his efforts to find her here,
even to the extent of breaking down
doors and threatening murder. Dr. Grant
Marchant. a wealthy physician of Mlll
edgevllle. Ohio. Is a fugitive from justice.
He left the city to-day when ho learned
that the police held a warrant for his ar
rest. The charge Is that of disturbing
the peace, but a more serious charge
probably will b« lodged against him.
Miss Violet Chltty. aged 22. is the sister
in-law, and she is now in the Convent of
the Immaculate Heart hiding from him.
She came here two weeks ago to escape
him. After her departure Marchant. it
Is said, forced his wife at the point of a
revolver to tell him where her slater had
gone and then sold his property and fol
lowed her here, bringing his wife with
him. He could not find his sister-in-law,
but his wife says he beat her until she
had to tell him that her sister and two
younger brothers were living oi South
Grand avenue.
Special Dispetch to The Call
Cannon Balls, "Wild Indians"
and Hammers Figure
in the Case.
More Than Twenty Thousand
Men Return to Their
Place3.
Capital Gity Holds Out
Against Bombard
ment.
Mad Infatuation for His Sister
in-Law Leads Him Into
Trouble.
Police Commissioners
Sit as Experts on
Noise.
Work Resumed in Amal
. gamated Company's
Properties.
.Relatives Accuse Him of
Threatening to'.Com
mit Murder.
DOMINGAN
REBELS FAIL
IN ASSAULT
LISTEN TO TALE
OF MIGHTY DIN
COPPER PLANTS
ARE REOPENED
GRAVE CHARGES
AGAINST DOCTOR
FOOTBALL SATIRE TO FOLLOW
AS AFTERMATH OF BIG GAME
University of California Students Expect to Have Fun in Drama at
the Alhambra Theater on Saturfay Night Where Yu See and
Pai Lo Alto Teams' ¦¦\VfiHvife^the^;f^rsons : /^o^ ; ;the: Play
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1903.
4
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
/ A. gACT PBOTIg
Should Convince Even the Uoit Skeotl-
cal of Its Truth.
If there Is the slightest doubt In tfie
minds of any that Dandruff perms do not
rxlst, their belief Is compelled by the
fact that a rabbit Inoculated with the
germs became bald in six weeks' time.
It must be apparent to any person,
therefore, that the only prevention of
baldness Is the destruction of the eerm
— which act Is successfully accomplished
In one hundred per cent of cases by the
application of Newbro's Herpldde.
Dandruff is caused by the same germ
which causes baldness and can be pre-
vented with the same remedy — Newbro's
Herpldde.
Accept no substitute. '^Destroy th9
cause yon remove the effect."
Sold by leading drugjrlsto. . Send 30c In
•tamps for sample to The Herpicido Co.,
Detroit. Web, z .._., -. . - '•
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
"I have no more
nervous headaches
and rest very well at
night."
When a woman snffers from female
weakness and irregularity or other forms
of womanly disease, the effect is cer-
tain to be marked in her nervous sys-
tem, the general effect being, as in Mrs.
Woodin's case, " nervous headaches, rest-
lessness at night " and a run-down condi-
tion. .It. is simply common sense then
which says if you cure the female weak-
cess, irregularity, etc., you will cure the
nervousness, sleeplessness and other con-
sequences of womanly disease.
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription cures
the womanly diseases which undermine
the general health. It establishes regu-
larity, dries enfeebling drains, heals in-
flammation and ulceration, and cure3
female weakness.' It cures headache,
nervousness, sleeplessness, etc., by cur-
ing the womanly diseases which cause
these ailments.
Sick women are invited to consult Dr.
Pierce, by letter, free. All correspond-
ence strictly private. Address Dr. R. V.
Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
"I feel more than grateful to you for the
benefit I have received from Dr. Pierce'* Favor-
ite Prescription and 'Golden Medical Discov-
ery," writes Mrs. Ervie B. Wt«^!la. cf Millerton.
Dutches* Co., N. Y.. care of k£x No. r. " For a
sumber of years I had be«n troubled with feat ale
weakness, nervous .headache, irregularity, rest-
lessness at night, and, In feet was *ll run-down,
but after taking three bottles of ' Favorite Pre-
scription' and one of 'Golden Medical Discov-
ery 'feel that I am entirely cored.1 have no
more nervous headaches, and rest very well at
night; in &ct, feel like a different person,
thanks to your kind advice and wonderful medi-
cine. I earnestly advise all who suffer from, any
similar trouble* to write to Dr. Pierce at once.
They will not regret it*
"Favorite Prescription 1 ' has the testi-
mony of thousands of women to it3 com-
plete cure of womanly diseases. Do not
accept an unknown and unproved sub-
stitute in its place.
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets should bo
msed with w Favorite Prescription » when-
ever a laxative is required.
V - * V BBmOEWOSK AT COST.
-. Yfny w«nr-a--cumb«raom« slate that covers
tha roof oi tha mouth when you can hav» teeth
without? • Our orofesaor of bridge work per-
sonally superintend* this work and furnishe* a
written iruarantee for 10 years) Painless Meth-
od*.- Cleaning Fr»e. Graduates Only. Extrac-
tion Free. Week* Days." 0 to 0; Sundays. 9 to 1.
FOST-GXLASTJATE DEJTTAIi COL1EOB
San Pranclico — 3 Taylor Street.
Oakland — 973 Wasliiaffton street.
San Jose— 45 East Santa Clara Street.
Sacramento— 407 *i J StratiPATRONS AND THEIR FRIENDS VIEWING EXHIBIT. OF "ARTISTS AND
. SCULPTORS AT OPENING OF FIRST \ ANNUAL SALON IN MAPLE
ROOM OF THE PALACE HOTEL. .. . : \ -,\^ ;^J-
C. J. Dickman has three impressive
canvases entitled "Dawn," "Twilight and
Moonrise," in which a subtle blending
of color conveys the meaning better than
any word can describe the varying
H. W. Seawell has a masterpiece in "A
Lonely Fireside." It represents a peasant
woman sitting beside a wide, Flemish
hearth, with the interior furnishings and
architecture worked out delightfully in
the shadow. Only ' the light from the
hearth and the window apparently give
the lines. Another beautiful thing of his
is "In the Old Chateau Grounds." Among
his other meritorious offerings are "Vil
lage Street." "Old Stone Bridge. Nor
mandy," "Venetian Landmark," "In Ven
ice," "Venice by Night," and "A Bit of
Chinatown."
LINES IN SHADOW.
L. Maynard Dlxon has two desert
scenes in oil that are. strikingly realistic
in conception and execution. For the in
terest in- the theme, "Without Water"
will probably attract more general atten
tion, although "The Mohave" Is the abler
of the two. The first depicts a desert
traveler plodding along, leading his horse,
in the shadows of an approaching sand
storm. The coloring Is entirely in dull
grays and blacks and excellently handled.
The desert scene In the other picture, In
similar colors, conveys to the full the
idea of utter dreariness and desolation.
Other exhibits of his in t>il are: "April
Showers," "Bay Tree" and "Valleclto." In
water colors he has an exquisite bit,
called "Red Canyon." It represents an
Indian gazing up at the walls of one of
those | canyons whose coloring can be
found only' on the desert and It is so true
and impressive as to attract at once the
gaze of the looker. HIb other water colors
are: "Road In Monterey," "Round Oaks,"
"Pueblo Indian" and "Mounted Navajo."
John M. Gamble's most striking oil Is
"Golden Poppies." It represents a stretch
of poppies widening up toward the top of
a bill and Is fairly overflowing with the
rich coloring of the beautiful flower. The
composition is carefully worked out and
the canvas is one of the most striking of
the exhibition. His "Evening on the
Marsh" is another composition that, at
tracts much attention. He has some de
lightful water colors In the flower line,
the best being "Near Lake Merced," de
picting a field of daisies running far out
to the water's edge. Among his offerings
in oil are "Twilight," "A Summer Night,"
"Washington's Monument," "Morning
Fog," "The Rising Moon," and In water
colors "Spring Flowers," "In Violet.
Green and Gold," "A Rocky Knoll."
"Morning on the Lagoon, Venice." "Alta
dena Poppy Fields," and "The Hay
Wharf," the latter especially deserving of
mention.
his is "Chinatown, Monterey," which ex
hibits wonderful fidelity In coloring and
drawing. Other exhibits of his are: "On
Point Pinos." "Near the Ocean" and
'"Foggy Weather." ; ;
TWO DESERT SCENES.
One of the features of the exhibt are
the beautiful rugs used for decoration,
which were loaned by Bengulat, the Ori
ental importer.
Among the many other exhibitors whose
work shows merit and warrants mention
are Lucia K. Mathews, who. has pre
sented "Waiting, MontereyV' "Gera
niums," "Child at Play," and "Summer
at Monterey." C. D. Robinson offers
"Morning In Jack Hays Canyon," "In
Monterey Bay," "Sunset from the Oak
land Shore," "Autumn Afternoon," "The
Stone House," "On the Rio Grande," and
"Nightfall." M. Fancher Pettls exhibits
"Redwood" (oil), and "Soquel Creek"
(water color). Elmer Watchel offers
"Mountain Tops," "Winter Evening,"
"Midwinter In Southern California."
"Pines at Gualala." "Santa Barbara
Coast" and "Lagoon at Gualala." G. A.
P. Plazzoni offers "La Vista." "Winter,
California"; "Tramonto"; "Twilight, Go»
Ing to Pasture"; "The Pool, Pasadena";
"Blossoms"; "Afternoon, Catallna Isl
and"; "Morning, Catallna Island"; "In
terior, Forest of Fontainebleau" ; "Au
tumn, Carmel Valley."
Harry Stuart Fonda exhibits "The Na
tivity." "The Pool," "The Decline of
Day," "The Rising Moon" (marine), "A
Gray Day," "A Woodland Nook," and
"Fishing Boats, Chloggia." His "Ris
ing Moon" is the best marine of the
exhibit, but while splendid in compo
sition, seems to lack lateral breadth
and coloring. J. W. Clawson has
loaned two excellent portraits for
the exhibition. C. P. Neilson has on ex
hibition "Mission Dolores, San Francisco
(1S33)"; "In Corridor, San Juan Mission":
"Kitchen, San Juan Mission"; "In China
town. San Francisco"; "Tin How Mae,
Chinese Temple. San Francisco"; "Alley
in Chinatown, San Francisco"; "General
Castro's House, San Juan, Cal."; "Chap
el. San Juan Mission. Cal."; "Landscape.
Monterey Coast"; "Custom House, Mon
terey": "On the Bay. San Francisco";
"On the Coast, San Francisco.".
Only one exhibitor In statuary was rep
resented. He Is A. Putnam and he has of
fered six remarkable productions, five in
plaster and one in bronze. They are:
•Tiger." "Puma and Deer," "Blood
hound," "Puma," "Man and Snake."
"P*uma Reclining."
OTHER EXHIBITORS.
changes of daylight to night time. Alice
B. Chittenden has offered only one pro
duction, a bunch of roses, which makes
the visitor, wish that she had submitted
more of her exquisite flower painting.
Everything is there, color and form and
beauty, even to the falling petals. Her
roses will mock the snow drifts and neves
fade away.
Henry Raschen has a striking canvas.
"Apache Scouts," depicting two Indians
on ponies passing a broken lot of desert
bluffs. It has life and strength and col
oring and Is one of the remarkable oils
of the exhibit. In addition he has six
heads that are typically true and attract
much attention.
Captain Guiggied headed her for Tilla
mook Bay. Although the bar was break-
Ing clear across she passed in safely.
The Klose was en route here to load lum
ber.
After a rainy day how cozy a gas
heater makes the home! And it Is so
much pleasanter than roaming the
streets downtown. Buy one ¦ from San
Francisco Gas and Electric Co., 415 Post.*
- CaDtaln Reed Is in command. She Is a
stanch boat and was built In 1S33 in San
Francisco. Her tonnage is 237 tons. Her
length is 131 feet, her breadth 33 feet and
her depth 10 feet. . *
The steam schooner Ruth was driven
ashore last night Just south of Ffsher
nian's Bay. At last reports the Ill-fated
vessel was hard and fast on the rocks
and no attempt had been made to save
¦her. Her crew was still on board, an
ticipating the probability of her being
floated when assistance should be sent
them. She was partly loaded with rafl
road' ties -Intended for this port, and
through some unknown cause she was
forced ashore. Early this morning tugs
will be sent from here to her assistance,
and If th» . weather keeps mild chance j
are good for her belns pulled off from
her perilous position. The vessel is owned
by George D. Gray & Co. and was being
loaded by Bender Bros, of 5 Market
street.
The steam schooner Acme, which sailed
from San Francisco for this port about a
week ago with the schooner C A. Klose
in tow, arrived this afternoon without her
tow. While coming up the coast the
Acme encountered very severe weather
and her hawser parted several times. The
last time was early last evening when
off Tillamook Bay. The schooner made
sail and hove to and the Acme stood by
until, this morning, when the storm had
Increased to a gale and and was driving
the schooner toward the shore. As it was
impossible to work the Klose off shore.
Captain Doran reports that shortly be
fore 8 o'clock yesterday morning he sight
ed a collier bound south with a steam
schooner In tow about twenty miles off
Trinidad Head. While he was fully five
miles from the collier and her tow and
could not identify either vessel. Captain
Doran says the latter answers the de
scription of the Charles Nelson even to
having a . yellow smokestack, but her
deck was above water and her hull ap
peared to be Intact. The vessels sighted
by Captain Doran are undoubtedly those
seen Monday by Captain Taylor of- the
Rosecrans.
ASTORIA, Ore., Nov. 1L— The steamship
Columbia, due here this morning from San
Francisco, did not arrive until this even
ing and reports an exceptionally rough
trip up the coast. No damage was done
the vessel except that her cargo between
deck's shifted and gave her a small list to
starboard.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Believes One of Them Is the
Abandoned Coaster Charles
f . Nelson.
Crew Stays by Ship , and
Tugs Will Go to Her
Rescue.
Steamer Ruth Driven
Ashore in Fisher
man's Bay.
Captain of the .'Columbia'
Passes Vessels Off
TrinidadHead.
HARD AND FAST
ON THE ROCKS
SIGHTS A STEAM
SCHOONER IN TOW
. An illustrated lecture on ¦: the -unique
customs' of the natives, of India, will' be
delivered by Professor.. C. F; Saldanha of
the - University of Bombay .. to-morrow
evening at the Acadeiny, of Sciences .hall.
Professor. Saldanha- Is , ; a : renowned V lec
turer,In^hls':native*landland'has made ¦; a
life'study of the customs and 'peculiarities'
bf« the": Indian people.^' . ..*
Lecture on' Indian Customs.
The case of Patrolman Hammll was
heard by the. Police , Commissioners , last
night and action postponed , until next
Wednesday evening. ' The proprietors ... of
the Malson Riche." a restaurant at the
corner of Geary street and Grant avenue,
were "cited to appear v to show, cause. why
their licenses should not be revoked.; Last
Saturday evening Sergeant Chris tianson
captured a roulette game in the place.'
Police Commission.
Henry Vlllegas, a recent arrival , from
Stockton, visited a drinking resort in
Hinkley alley last evening -.and there met
Theodore Marino. In the course of the
evening Vlllegas Informed Marino that- he
had money on : his person, and the new
found friend Invited the new "arrival to
pass the night at his home, 13 Hinkley
alley. While partly asleep , Vlllegas felt
some one going through his pockets. He
searched himself and found he was minus
a silver watch and $15. He made a com
plaint, and Marino and Anton ..Florrls,
who were in the room, rushed ', from ' the
house. Vlllegaa gave chase and the three
men rushed down Broadway to | the sea
wall. Officers O'Keefe and Bean joined
the chase and took the three men in cus
tody. On complaint of Vlllegas the host
was charged . with grand larceny. Mrs.
Blossl Marino, wife of the prisoner, -was
also taken into custody, ' and she and
florrls- were detained. .As Vlllegas was
without a lodging- place he was allowed
to sleep In the Hall of Justice.- 1 '. • - >
Henry Villeg-as of Stockton Has
Novel Experience "With Fellow
Mexicans. .
XBW YORK. Xov. ll.—The engagement i*
announced cf Thomas L.. James, president of
the Lincoln National Bank, to Miss Edith Col
burn of Stratford-on-Avon. England.
:. JouHin's "The Death Watch" Is a striking-"
ly 'original conception, filled with mournful
detail; and 'correctness ; of i composition; ? It
represents an.Indian : watching . .by ; ,the
side* of a dead comrade! in- the, interior; of
a? house. ' The ;. coloring of; the -quick ; and
thefdead is ; the; most startling ; feature/
true v as • life" and f death I itself and ; impres
sive;? beyond . Swords. : ; Every '* detail '"'Is
worked , out i, with ! nicety, and precision ana
"anfextended ' study reveals rnew;verl-~
ties ln!theTcanvas.%The."conipanlon?plece. s
".The ; Medicine : Man," , all
the ; perfection in ; coloring; and : detail \ that
Peters' four moonlight scenes are utter
ly beyond description. They represent old
adobe houses, in, the .foothills ."around
Monterey. The surroundings, as well- as
the houses, are steeped in the soft white
light of the moon with such ; skill; that
the looker ; can almost feel ' the-; moonlight
at his - back.= Undoubtedly .the best; is
"By Monterey Bay." 'The entire . canvas,
shadow! and light, seems permeated with
the ,' clinging I moonbeams. „ . In : viewing it
one almost; listens .for.; the, tinkle ;of a
sheep bell to disturb -the solemn stillness
of the moonlight"* night, i with \ the ] yellow
red ; beams I streaming from the flighted
windows, of the "adobe cottages . grouped
about , the hills.'- Almost ¦ the :. same effect
Is found In the ,T canvas "Colton : Hall,"
but in, "Casa Estrada"- the light effects
on the house are ) slightly " too bright- re
yealing:in'a measure the secret of. the art;
v DEPICTS I LIFE < AND ; DEATH.V '£
The honors of the exhibition are car
ried off by Charles Rollo Peters andAm
adee Joullln, although this is said with
the full consciousness that there .are
many canvases displayed which' nearly
approach in | merit the exhibited , produc
tions of these masters. These two excel
undoubtedly in power and continuity of
effort. Peters has four offerings and Joul
lin three. Each of them is almost per
fect. The former clings to his moon
light effects ' exclusively and the latter
in two of his pictures lives again the life
of the Pueblo Indian. The third canvas
by Joullln. however,' exhibits an" unex
pected variety in depicting a field of gold
enrod, stretching away toward 'low, pine
topped mountains. It ; is forcible , and
beautiful 'and displays a wider range of
vision than would usually be credited to
one- who can depict" interior Indian life
and: scenes -.with* marKed . fidelity" and
strength. . ,. % • ;-> -:
TWO MASTERS EXHIBIT.
The hanging of the many pictures was
excellently accomplished, despite the diffi
culties offered in coloring and theme.
Barring perhaps a few smaller pieces
which are eclipsed, by the riotous color
ing of .a stretch of golden poppies, ex
cellently done by John M. Gamble, every
canvas obtains its full value In its posi
tion. ,
painters and sculptors, which
opened in the Maple room of the Palace
Hotel yesterday afternoon. The opening
day was a private view for patrons only.
For the next three succeeding days it will
be open to the public generally and will
close Saturday night.' Any one who loves
good pictures, and does not see the ex
hibition will miss^ an opportunity which
may never come aeain.
_,. Diversity may be said to be the key
note of the exhibition. Landscapes rang
ing from the heart of the desert to the
abundant vegetation - of mountain . and
marsh; life "from tile heavy beamed cot
tages of a Flemish kitchen to the reed
woven wickiup of an Indian village; moon
light scenes in all their softness and chas
tity; sunlight scenes in their warmth. of
profligacy; Venice and Norway: golden
rod and snowdrifts— all these greeted the
viewers, dripping wet from the dirty
street. .
yso CENES far afield from the- noise
an( j bustle of Market street were
offered to the visitors to the first
annual' salon of San Francisco
vC; Chapel Judson has a canvas, riotous
in, color,- called "Golden Evening." The
sky tints of fire are carried to the trees
and' stubble of the field below, where a
woman Is gleaning. The efftct Is vivid,
perhaps too vivid. His pastel. "Morning,"
is more restful and more perfect in com
position and ¦ is the , best water-color in
the exhibition. It represents a meadow,
with ' a pool of water In the ' foreground,
shaded partly by a massive oak tree. On
the horizon the first hint of the rising sun
is seen, encompassing the landscape with
the faint light of dawn. It is an exquisite
piece of work. A clever thing in oil of
G. Cadenasso has six of his character
istic canvases on exhibition. Perhaps the
best of' these is "Berkeley," showing , a
long vista of open space between over
hanging and massive trees. It has a
wealth of green coloring that is almost
odorous in its freshness and the com
position is careful. The | same may be
said of all his canvases at the exhibition.
They are all of the same general char
acter and flow with the life of vegetation.
In "The Pool" some cattle are introduced
at the end of the vista with pleas
ing effect. Others are: "After the
Shower," "Strangers,"-' "Springtime" and
"Meadow."
marks "The Death Watch," Iack6* the
power of suggestiveness conveyed in the
latter canvas. .
Painters', and Sculptors' Display Is a
Triumph for Local Men.
BAKS^SFIELD, Nov. 11.— The San
Joaquin Valley Federation of Women's
Clubs will hold its annual convention in
this city to-morrow. A large number of
delegates from various points through
the va'.Iey will be present and a number
of papers read. Many of the delegates
arrived to-day and are being given a re
ception by the members of the Bakers
f.eld Women's Club.
Women's Clubs to Meet.
It was explained that the moving factor
in the transaction was the knowledge
that Cuba was without a navy, and as
the United States has undertaken the
protection of the island against a for
eign foe and desires the station as a
naval base to protect its own interests
the transfer was made in order that this
Government might complete Its plans
mapped out some time ago.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11.— Without any
formality the United States has come Into
actual possession of the coaling station
at Guantanamo. Although the flag rais
ing has not taken place, it was learned
at the Navy Department to-day that the
transfer was effected in a quiet manner
several days ago. Under the arrangement
Cuba will pay the owners of the prop
erty.
Transfer Was Effected a Few ' Days
Agt) Without Any Formal
Demonstration.
UNITED STATES NOW -
OWNS GXTANTANAMO
Work on New Rail-way to Be Rushed.
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 11.— Director Frank
A. Brush returned to-day from San Fran
cisco, where he attended a meeting of the
officers and directors of the projected
electric railway to run between this city
fend Petaluma. and thence to Forestvllle,
la Green Valley. At the meeting Tues-
Cay the company ordered 1000 tons of
f=~vcnty-pound rails with which to begin
the work of construction. The engineer
ing crops was ordered to prepare plans
for the necessary bridges over the pro
posed route and to furni?h estimates of
grades for the same. Everything- points
to the commencement of actual construc
tion within thirty days.
The Southern Pacific through express train
for Berkeley, rr.akinc no stop before Lorln, will,
commencing November 11. connect with both
the 5:30 p. m. and 6 p. m. boat daily except
Sunday. • n
Another Berkeley Flyer.
NEW . ABBIVAX BOBBED
BY ALLEGED FRIENDS
And to do this "means much; to desire
to do It means to be an artist with a
streak, at least, of the great stuff In him.
It is precisely In the poetic charm of Mr.
McComas' earlier ' work— or. let 'me say
rather, in the general recognition of it—
that I foresaw an element of danger to
the artist, and looked forward with some
what of apprehension to his 'future. The
power to charm, the almost certainty of
a great popular success, can come too
early. It requires firmness of character
and great integrity of purpose to resist
the temptation to work the vein that
yields money and applause galore and
keep one's eyes well beyond mere imme
diate success and one's striving always
and only for the best that is to be got
out of oneself— malgre the . chance of a
temporary lessening of the public favor.
To be able to do this is to have courage;
it seems to me that Mr.- McComas is
showing just that kind of courage, and in
this little exhibition we are seeing the
fine fruits of it. The breadth and dignity
of his golden-toned Moncrey Bay, as well
as the noble and simple lines of such a
composition as Doud's Canyon, attest
high endeavor and, already, high achieve
ment, while the charm and poetry of
some of the lesser poems is as exquisite
as you will find It in the songs without
words of Mendelssohn or the preludes of
Chopin.
M.r. McComas is reaching out for other
qualities as well, and shows some cy
presses of rugged strength and a well
nigh dramatic tendency, not to. my mind
as entirely successful as some of his oth
er work, but still full of a fine perception
of at least one phase of his subject. It
is In his purely lyrical episodes that Mr.
McComas Is still at his best; the bigger
side of things he is reaching for, slowly,
steadily, but with just the right kind of
persistence: And it is bound to come to
him. v-v-V ; '*: / -;
a soft neutral gray which serve as
an admirable background for the twenty
odd landscapes of Francis McComas that
are at present to be seen there, a series
of canvases noteworthy as an evidence
of the progress that Mr. McComas is
steadily making in the technique of his
art, as well as toward that fuller, higher
expression of himself which is (or should
be) the end and aim of all striving after
technique.
To those who remember Mr. McComas'
last exhibition it will be patent at once
that the last year has been one of hard
study and— as a reward for faithful work
—genuine growth. The pictures are not
larger than those of other years; they are
not more striking; perhaps, on the whole,
they are even slightly less so than what
he has heretofore exhibited. The gain is
in depth and subtlety of expression, in
purity and, above all, certainty, in-line,
and in positive charm of color, which
Mr. McComas is learning to make as
sweet as music without the least suspi
cion of a sacrifice of truth or concession
to* mere prettiness.
THE crimson wall decoration . . of
Messrs. Vickery, Atkins and Tor
rey's little gallery on Post street
has been replaced by hangings of
By Oscar Weil.
McComas' Display-
Shows Wonder
ful Growth.
Included in the amount which the Gov
ernment is asked to appropriate is $200,000
fcr the erection of a memorial building,
to be used for literature, arts and science
and for the history of the Oregon coun
try. The President is given power to ap
point seven commissioners to be' desig
nated as the International Lewis and
Clark Centennial and American Pacific
Exposition and Oriental Fair Commission
as a board of arbitration to adjust all
matters of difference between the national
commission and the country. The expo
sition is Intended to exploit the resources
of the Northwest and will include exhi
bitions of national interest customary for
expositions of this character, including
displays to be made by the United States
and foreign governments. -The bill fixes
the sum of $250,000 as an estimate of cost
for the Government building, $100,000 for
the works cf art for the memorial build
ing, makes as an appropriation of $1,500.
000 to aid in carrying forward the expo
sition and $25,000 for an exhibition of the
Indian industrial school.
WASHINGTON, Nov. ll.-In a bill in
troduced In the Senate to-day by Senator
Mitchell of Oregon the Government is
asked to appropriate J2.125.000 to aid in
the celebration of the exploration of the
Oregon country by Captains Merrlweath
er. Lewis and William Clark. The Lewis
and Clark Exposition will be held in Port
land, Ore., commencing May 1, 1905, and
ending November 1, 1&05, or beginning, a
month later and closing a month earlier
if the date should be so designated by
the legislative assembly of Oregon.
Senator Mitchell said in reference to the
bill that the exposition would receive the
support of the State of Oregon through
the appropriation of $500,000 and a con
tribution by the citizens of Oregon of
$400,000. The author of the bill gave no
tice of his Intention to make a few re
marks in connection with the measure
before it was- referred to the Committee
on Industrial Commissions.
SFOKAN'E. Wash.. Nov. ll.-Another
proof thrt the murder of Charles Then
v.'.s at Ovan, Lincoln County. Washing
ton, is connected with the Lewis double
trapedy cf December last was brought
to light by tne receipt of an anonymous
threatening letter by Dr. L. Lewis of WI1
hur. a brother of Judge Lewis and his
aped wife, who were murdered at their
home near Almlra. The letter was mailed
at Wilbur and reads:
Old Lewie, look out. If that man Is hung
that is in J&il your body will be mangled
w.jiie th*n your brothers wat. The mine ain't
brefca bp j«-
Tbe letter is written on common paper
in a difcuised hand and there is no sig
r.ature. The epistle was mailed a few
days ago # but the officers have tried to
keep the matter secret. Many anony
mous letters have been received by per
s-ons connected with the Investigation of
the Lewis and Thennls murders. AH are
threatening and Indicate the existence of
a desperate gang in the wild country of
Western Lincoln, Douglas and Okanogan
counties. The man in jail referred to in
the last letter Is Cyrus Victor, who is
now on trial for the killing of Charles
Thecnis last April. It is believed that
Thennis was murdered because he had
1'oasted that he could lay his hands upon
the murderers of the Lewis couple. A
masked man entered a saloon conducted
by Th^nnis and shot him without any
apparent motive. Thennls died without
giving the name of his assailant.
The Lewises were an aged couple living
a few miles from Almira. Their bodies,
horribly mangled, were found one morn-
U-,g In December last by neighbors who
broke Into the house after noticing that
it had remained shut three days. Evi
dences of robbery were on all sides, the
murderers having ransacked every room
in the house, even taking up the carpets
In the search for money which Judge
Lewis was known to keep in his house.
No direct clew has ever been obtained
to this mystery, though the anonymous
letter and murder of Thennls seem to
bear out the statement of j the officers
that an organized gang of desperadees has
its headquarters in Central Washington
ar.d committed the deed.
Sped&l Dlcri«Jch to The Call.
Event Intended to Oommemo
ra' e Work of Lewis
and Clark.
Vow to Assassinate Him if
Alleged Murderer Is
Convicted
Senator Mitchell Urges
Federal Aid for Ex
position. .
Washington Thugs Mail
Him Anonymous
Letter;?
OREGON WANTS
A GREAT FAIR
THREATEN LIFE
OF A PHYSICIAN
TBE SAK FBAiyCISCO CALL, THURSDAY,: NOVEMBER- 12, 1903.
FIRST ANNUAL SALON SHOWS
REMARK ABLE WORKS OF ART
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
KOHLER & CHASE beg to an-
nounce that their new building,
cor. Post and Kearny Sts., is now
.complete in.every detail. The pub-
lic is cordially invited to visit our
six floors and inspect the largest
and finest stock of Pianos, Pianolas
and musical goods ever shown on
the Pacific Coast
Open Saturday Evening.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ean Fr&ccieco, Thursday, 12 November, 1903.
This handy little table
in weathered oak
Stands 30 inches high and top measures 24 inches
square. Has two shelves beneath .top for books. It came
in only a few days ago with a line of new tables which
are attracting considerable attention. If you intend buy-
ing a small table for the living room or library^ — see this
one. You will not easily duplicate the value
You can pay less than twenty dollars for a bureau here
and choose from a good variety of patterns. One in oak,
finished golden^color, for $14.00 is really equal to
the average $20.00 bureau. Have to see it, of course, to
judge of the quality. .
; (Formerly the California Furniture Co. )" •
957 to 977 Market^Streetv San FranciscoCHIEF LIBRARIAN, COLUMBIA
UNIVERSITY. WHO WRITES
ON WIFE'S ECONOMY.
The new republic of Panama may not be a very healthy
baby in the family of nations, but -it has raised a.••tremen
dous-.stir, and a great noise since^ its advent , in the world.
It is strange that such a little thing 1 should be j so necessary
to the success of Uncle Sam's big" canal project
Since we are to have a coaling station in Cuba let us hope
that we will never have to use it except for "ihe equipment
of our fighting ships on' missions of peace and goodwill
And let all our. friends among the nations know that we are
thus fortified in peace J to. protect us against the, occasion* of
war. _ There is ; nothing ) so : conducive ' to good feeling as to
let the other fellow know you will fight if you have to and
can fight when you must '}• -
Eastern' capitalists have expressed a desire to buy our
newly authorized municipal bonds as soon as the Supreme
Court has passed judgment upon* the question of their valid
ity. It is refreshing to know that San Francisco does not
have to accept this desire as a compliment. What we have
to sell is an advantage to the buyer, not the seller.
A notable feature of the present eco
nomical situation in the industrial world
is the migration of industries from one
country to others, In order to neutralize
protective- tariffs or antagonistic labor
movements, and the starting of facto
ries outside of the zone covered by the
hostile tariff. Thus many English firms
have recently opened branch factories in
the United States, and from Germany
comes the news that representatives ' of
several great German chemical Industries
are negotiating with the Russian authori
ties to obtain permission to establish
works in Russia. Of course, this move
ment on the part of German: manufac
turers is the direct . outcome of the new
Russian, tariff.— Baltimore American.
Migration of Industry.
California is t exporting oranges 'to Italy and to Cape
Town. What blaze of trumpets or exaggeration of oratory
can praise the State higher? . In our orange groves we have
wealth more inviting and more - permanent than in our
mines. It is smair wonder that the counties of the State
are in friendly but stern rivalry for space at the St. Louis
Exposition, that great emporium "where the world will be
on dress parade to see what each nation has best to display.
Federal officials stationed in this city are giving them
selves much mental concern to /determine whether a Chi
nese manufacturer, 'desiring entrance to the United States,
is, within the meaning of the law, a merchant or a laborer.
If it be not impracticable a little light might be shed on the
subject by the testimony of, say, Schwab or Carnegie. ;: No
one will deny that they are merchants and a shrewd suspi
cion is abroad that they are laborers.
"Some years ago I was a passenger on
a train on which Aggergaard was return
ing to South Dakota from Chicago. He
had gone in (with "a full "trainload "of
steers and, was; traveling back on a cattle
man's - sass.'/ In his ; pocket . he ' carried a
check whose figures ran well up ' into the
"Aggergaard arrived In, ..Dakota from
Denmark about twenty-three years ago
and took up a Government claim. -He had
Just $100 In cash and this went for a yoke
of oxen and a few necessary farming im
plements. In those days the settler's ex
penses were light. Cattle were cheap on
the ranges, there* was. an abundance of
game and each ranch was rich In cereal
foods. Land could, be bought for" a dol
lar an acre, and the profits from a single
wheat crop. Invested in the virgin soil of
the prairie, have made many a man in
that pioneer land Independent.
"Aggergaard, after 'breaking' his claim
and marketing the first crop. Invested the
money In cattle. His herds have accumu
lated until thousands of his cattle browse
on the ranges of five counties. From the
start he also put every spare dollar into
the then cheap Government land. To-day
he owns seventy-nine . quarter * sections,
and a .conservative estimate would fix
their average value at 540. an acre.
"Turner County, South Dakota, boasts
probably the only millionaire who lives
in a hovel," cays Colonel Sam West of
the Pickerel State, who Is visiting this
city. "His name Is Peter Aggergaard,
and he is a cattle king.
Penny Wise.
Students in a New York medical college initiated an
unfortunate seeker after learning into one of their Greek
letter fraternities the other, day and killed him. These
young men would probably be shocked if they were tried
for murder, but will feel no inconvenience in going through
life as unconvicted murderers. Somebody will rise some day
to prove to collegians that blackguardism is not an incidental
liberty of the campus, nor are murder and outrage essentials
to sweetness and light. •
O Matron, on whose once bright hair
December's snows fall fast,
The tree that knew they lova -*nd ca»
Now ehadeth us at last!
•Tis still our boy. he ever stands
To us, indeed, a friend —
Bon, lend us now thy strong 1 , kind hands,
And lead us to the end.
O. N. LOWE.
Swift ellfle tha seasons o'er my head,
The. years are rolling past;.
The boy Is gone and in his stead
A man hath come at last —
A man who kindly smiles on me
. And tells me— ah! too true:
I am not what I used to be;
Tha years have changed me too.
Back from my toll when flay is done.
And lo! the babe Is cone.
A sturdy lad the evening: cun
Now kindly beams upon.
'Tis still my babe, though changed la form —
He holds my heartstrings yet —
Lord, shield my boy from cars and storm.
Grant ha may ne'er forget!
0 little babe In tiny cot.
Glad visions Klld thy sleep!
May happiness be e'er thy lot.
God's angels thy soul keep!
The fleeting smiles upon thy lips
Find place forever there — 1
1 kiss thy rosy finger tips;
God bless my babe 10 fair!
The Son.
It Is well to have this fund, small ! or
large, entirely disconnected from the busi
ness of the husband— a epecial ¦ eavlsfs
Church and charity expenditures are
not Included here, since these are and
ought to be considered strictly personal
matters. Then a definite amount, agreed
upon between the two, should be laid
aside as a general contingency fund
cither for accumulated pavings, if this
is possible, or at least to meet especial
emergencies— such as fire, sickness or
death.
Certain expenditures, easily determined,
should be charted to family expense.
This charge will cover rent, taxes, fuel,
light?, water, sen-ice. *food, household
equipment, fire and life and accident in
surance, clothing, etc., for. children as
long as these are a charge upon the fam
ily, amounts paid for books and maga
zines and the daily press, and recreation
and traveling expenses in which both par
ticipate.
The best plan advanced for determining
these relations is for each party to make
a plain, systematic business statement of
his or her entire concerns at the close of
each month.
There may come a time when both may
be able to command the services of ex
pert assistants who will relieve them of
the personal care of details and give them
leisure for recreation or more congenial
undertakings; but until that time comes
each must be faithful to his or her trust.
A wife who for any reason treats her
bounden duty in a left-handed manner,
neglects It or postpones till to-morrow
what should be done to-day, or sets It
aside that she may do that which is
more enjoyable, is simply disloyal to her
husband and family; precisely ,as he
would be disloyal if he were guilty of
similar action in regard to his calling.
But where the wife is conscientious and
lnyal prantlng her fitness to be married
at all. Fhe is entirely competent to deter
mine financial details and expenditures
and to account for the name. If she is
not. Fhe oucht to be— and she will not
become so by continually refusing to give
her the opportunity for this.
Wherever they seem to fall below the
male standard In these matters it Is sure
ly because they have not been given ex
perience op opportunity.
It is the duty of the man to render such
service In his part of the professional or
commercial world as will secure a return
adequate for the maintenance of a fam
ily. It is the duty of the woman to care
for the expenditure and general adminis
tration necessary to the maintenance of
th* home.
Each ought to advise with the other,
and *ach will advise freely where the re
lations are at all mutual or what they
ought to be; but neither will intrude upon
the fleld of the oth*>r. The administration
of the home oupht to be, and under nor
mal conditions is, the first care and re
ceives the best thought of the woman. A
wife may no more properly neglect this
duty, nor make it subsidiary to her own
pleasure or personal comfort, than a hus
band may treat his daily work In this
vr&y.
eatisfy the •writer that women are, or
under proper conditions become, Just as
careful and Just as accurate and just as
¦wise In matters of expenditure as men
are.
BY treaties recently established between the republic of
Paraguay and the Governments of Germany and
France, through bills of lading are now granted upon
all merchandise shipped from Asuncion to ports of either of
the European powers. Instead of having to procure one
bill of lading at Paraguay's capital city for the shipment
of merchandise down the La Plata, and a second one upon
transhipment to Buenos Ayres, the German and French
exporter now has only to turn over his goods to the
river steamship company at Asuncion, receiving therefor
ajhrough bill of lading to Europe. By the freedom from
anxiety and the insurance against delay consequent upon
this new ¦ commercial arrangement the trade interests of
Germany and France in the great La Plata Valley are in
creased twofold.
This is but another step in the march of commercial
supremacy in South America exerted by England, France,
and especially Germany. In Brazil five of the largest gold
mines are worked by English syndicates and one by a
French company, the united capital of the six being $6,700,
000. British capitalists own most of the great refrigerating
plants for meat preservation in Argentina. Through its nu
merous colonies in Brazil and Argentina, by the influence
of its commerce and the power of its bankers, Germany is
practically conquering the two largest South American re
publics. While it obeys the letter of the law in the eyes
of diplomacy, William's empire is subverting the Monroe
doctrine by the growing power of trade.
In the commercial enterprises of the eastern coast of
the southern continent more particularly the United States
cuts no figure at all. One American Consul writing from
a port of Colombia sends up the despairing cry that there
is not a merchant from his land in the district. Of the ex
ports from Argentina in the year 1901 $28,920,759 went to
Great Britain, $28,637,121' to France, $21479,882 to Ger
many and only $9,296,454 to the United States. In the
same year the British exports into Brazil amounted to
$5,921,745; the imports from the United States were only
$2,347,075 for the same year.
Much has been said during the last year of the com
mercial invasion of Europe by the United States. Our
merchants have , fought Germany over their meat and > fruit,
and bickered with other European powers over the endless
question of tariff. Meanwhile the great continent below us,
which we have sworn to protect from European armed in
vasion, is falling before the assaults of European trade.
SOUTH AMERICAN COMMERCE.
The many varieties of cells may be di
vided into four classes-epithelial cells,
connective tissue cells, muscle cells and
nerve cells. These will be discussed in
the next article.
There are several methods by which
cells multiply or reproduce themselves.
These processes are not as yet perfectly
understood. Enough, however, is known
to show that the act of reproduction is a
very complex operation.
The process of cell reproduction Is thus
found to be fundamental to all continu
ance of life and constitutes one of the
most beautiful and interesting phenomena
of nature.
The study of the activities and struc
ture of the cells Is beset by many tech
nical difficulties. Among those may bo
mentioned the microscopic size of j the
cell, its extreme delicacy, its translucence.
rendering artificial staining necessary and
the difficulty, often the impossibility, of
keeping it alive under the changed con
ditions of the microscope slide. In spite
of the difficulties, however, enough is
known to establish the belief that eome
if not all of the cells are themselves com
plex bodies composed of numbers of
smaller bodies and provided with a tubu
lar pystem In which is a circulating fluid.
Another fact which seems firmly estab
lished Is that the cells after reaching a
certain degree of differentiation form no
new varieties, but simply go on reproduc
4ng, "each alter, its kind," continuing this
process until the cells bo reproduced are
of an Inferior quality. This deterioration
of any body of cells, that is, of an organ,
results In Joes of health and ultimately in
death for the entire organism.
In the first place we find that all the
cells of the body, widely different as they
are in form, structure and function, have
come from one original cell— the ovum.
The splitting up. or segmentation as it
is called, of the ovum leads to the for
mation of the embryonic or "indifferent"
cells, and these "indifferent" cells divide
and subdivide, becoming ever more and
more highly differentiated, until, In the
adult bodv. wi find a number and va
riety of cells passing comprehension— cells
ranging from those of tooth or bone struc
ture, the duty of. which Is merely to stay
In place and resist pressure, to the pha
gocytes, or devouring cells of the blood,
which are actually the guardians of the
body and which exercise in the perform
ance of their duties a certain degree of
what must be regarded as volition and
intelligent choice.
(Editor Health Culture Magazine. New York;
author of "Fool Values of Meat." "Com
mon Disorder*," etc.)
As stated in a preceding article, the hu
man body, instead of being, as It appears,
a solid homogeneous structure, is a mass
of cells, in number beyond computation,
and each organ is a body of cells which
has its special duty. When it is said,
however, that each cell is a separate.
Independent and, in many cases, appar
ently intelligent individual, the statement
may seem incredible. That this may be
understood we will consider a few facts
concerning the cell as an individual. .
BY W. R. C. LATSOX. M. D
Wonders of Body's Cells.
Some of our local police officers, noticeably those that
have been most frequently in trouble/are agitating a scheme
to ; force every person making complaints against them to
file a bond as a pledge that he will prove hi3 charges. Such
a plan of protection is obviously unwise. The worthy offi
cers of the department do not need it, and the unworthy,
who think the world revolves around their clubs, should not
be armed with it as a menace to legitimate inquiry of their
acts.
"Lend you $500 on that hand? Well, I
should say that I will," the bank presi
dent was heard to remark in a sprightly
tone as he took down his checkbook from
the pigeon hole. That banBT president
knows a few things outside of clearing
house reports and second mortgages.
But that hand contained four kings and
a queen. The other banker— the one with
the gray whiskers— he held a right little,
tight little straight flush.
night."
The next morning at 9 o'clock the com
fortable gentleman called upon one of the
presidents of a local bank upon a matter
of confidential business. ij?3^£
The dealer gave each man a new hand.
Two of the players laid down their hands;
each of the remaining twain "stood pat."
"Twenty-five for a starter," said the
man with the gray whiskers, put ur.gr a
crisp s roll of greenbacks on the table.
He used greenbacks because he came
from New York.
"Raise you twenty," came from, the al
dermanlc banker across the table.
"Raise you twenty yourself," retorted
the gray-whiskered gent with a reassur
ing look at his hand.
And so it went until the roll of bills
on the tabl« began to give that little
back room the appearance of a sub-treas
ury. At last the eager gentleman with
the comfortable embonpoint confessed
that he had no more money with him.
but that he would not back down and
would be glad to continue the betting in
the morning after he could make a loan
at one of the local banks. The other
agreed, and the fat "kitty" on the table,
together with the two fateful hands of
cards were locked in the safe for the
It's a shame to tell the story, but really
it is too rich to keep.
The thing all happened while the Bank
ers' Association was holding its conven
tion here three weeks ago. Four of the
best known financial men of New York
were shut up in a back room of a down
town resort, freeing their souls from the
labors and responsibilities of the conven
tion by a stiff little game of "draw."
They were bankers and they were playing
a game which was well up in the line of
limits.
Tale of a Kitty.
Taxing the Host.
According to a titled European observ
er of affairs of the day. a royal visit by
one of the crowned heads call3 for an
exchange of financial courtesies which are
rather disastrous to the nation which has
the fortune to play the host.
"There are no shrewder business people
in the world than the Italians, the Lom
bards, Indeed, being the originators of the
modern system of banking." says this
keen observer. "No surprise will, there
fore, be caused by the fact that the Ital
ians are about to take a remarkably
clever advantage of the excellent Impres
sion created throughout Europe by the
recent visit to Paris of King Victor Em
manuel and his beautiful consort— an im
pression which is likely to be rendered
still more agreeable by the cordial wel
come which the excellent 'Papa Loubet,'
as the French President is known every
where, is certain to receive a few weeks
hence at Rome. The advantage In ques
tion is nothing more nor less than the
conversion of the Italian debt from S to
3 per cent interest. Nearly JSOO.000.000 of
the Italian debt Is held in France, and
the result +>t this conversion 0$ Italian
bonds from 5 to 3 per cent will constitute
a severe blow to the Incomes of the petty
bourgeolse of France, by whom the Ital
ian Government stocks are largely held.
The preparations for this conversion are
already under way. Of course, the Ital-*
ian treasury authorities do not dream of
admitting that there is any connection
between the transactions and the visit
to Paris of the King and Queen of Italy;
but the popularity which the latter have
acquired In France, more especially In
the gay metropolis, has been turned to
good account by those who are arranging
for the conversion of the debt. For they
have managed to create such a boom in
Italian Government stocks as to bring
their price up to 105. and It is on this
ground— that is, the exaggerated value of
the bonds — that they are to be converted
into 3 per cents."
T American Hospitality.
In commenting on the reception of the
Honourable Artillery Company in Boston
and New York, the London Globe says:
"The gastronomic perils which the mem
bers of the Honourable Artillery Com
pany have found In America afford but
one more instance of tha splendid hospi
tality which America offers to her vli
Itors from this side. A writer in a weekly
paper was discussing this some time ago,
and comparing it with the hospitality
which we sxercised toward visitors from
the States. He came to the conclusion
that in this respect. If no other, we have
much to learn from America. Nobody
who has not crossed the Atlantic can ful
ly realize the boundless hospitality of tlie
American. The reports of it which find
their way Into the papers deal only with
the manner In which celebrities have been
received, and it is not as regards these
that the hospitality Is so remarkable, for
every country likes to welcome people of
importance. It is when the private indi
vidual goes across that he has the op
portunity of judging. One letter of in
troduction will carry him through a city
In a sort of triumphal progress. People
will make It their business to Introduce
him to their friends, and to see that he
enjoys himself. The normal condition of
the average Briton in such cases Is one
of haunting fear lest he may be saddled
with a bore, end be unable to get rid of
him. "We might take courage and profit
by the example of our cousins of New
York and Boston."
World's Fair Notes.
Wurzburg. Germany, will exhibit tiro
large paintings at the World's Fair, show
ing the growth of the city during the last
fifty years.
New Mexico day at the World's Fair
will be August 19, 1904. It ia the anniver
sary of the day on which General Kearny
took formal possession of the Territory. .
Minnesota will exhibit, at tho "World's
Fair, a aeries of photographs of flower
vegetable gardens cultivated by the pu
pils of her public schools.
The Hotel Men's Mutual Benefit Asso
ciation has been Invited- to make St.
Louis the place of its next annual meeting
and the Inside Inn, within the World's
Fair grounds, its headquarter. .'
Satisfactory progress Is being made on
the replica of the Castle of Charlotten
burg, which at the World's Fair" will Be
Germany's national pavilion. It stands
on - the top of the hill northeast of thei
east restaurant pavilion. The flm story
has. been raised. The contractor says he
will have the building under roof Novem
ber 15. A dome 160 feet above ground
will be the striking feature of this his
toric structure, the plans of which were
revised by Emperor William.
Latest in Policemen.
The dog policeman Is the newest of
ficial on the force of Ghent, Belgium.
The particular duty of the police doggie
will be as an "emergency man." The
officers are stationed at various intervals
in the street, the dogs being held in leash
at points between two "beats." .'When the
"emergency man" is needed the police
man blows a trumpet. At the sound the
animals axe loosed and rush to report for
duty. They are trained to spring Into tha
water, follow a track or join a man hunt
alons the- docks.'KjBBrafa
-• - < ~ — - - ¦¦- '
Special : Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1M2. •
Townsend's California glace fruits *n<i
candles, BOo „ a .pound;/ In artistic fl*«
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market at, above Call bid*. *
This Is not the place in which to dis
cuss the pros and cons of a woman's abil
ity to fulfill her part in the marriage
contract. It will be sufficient to say that
thirty years' experience and observation
The world has made great strides to
ward the betterment of this condtilon,
but there is largo room for improvement.
Undoubtedly a great part of the misun
derstandings and differences arising with
in the domestic circle come from ignoring
?.hese very necessary and altogether
proper business relations.
HT JAMES H. CAXFIEI-D. A. M.. U* »•
tEx-Presi<Sect Ohio St*te University; CfcleT
LLrar!!.". Columbia University.)
The relations of husband and wW« are
marked by certain business characteris
tics as well as by sentiment and emo
tion. Precisely aa the church has a busi
ness elde to It. a secular side, which
should be very carefully distinguished
from Its religious side, so there are or
oujrht to be those definite business rela
tions between two married people. Just
as those In the church who refuse to
recognize the 6ecular side of their organi
zation and hava much to say about Its
spiritual nature are very apt to leave
their minister's salary* unpaid and the
general credit of the church at a very
low ebb, so men who lay special stress
upon the emotional relations and In a
lather lofty way decry tho business re
lations of husband and wife are very apt
to leave their wives In a state of abject
dependence, which is exceedingly galling
and which is sure to result In friction, if
rothlng worse.
Manager of the Home.
thousands. At Alton. Iowa, the train got
stalled in a blizzard and was held there
for three days. All of the passengers ex
cept Aggergaard went to the two hotels in
the town. The cattleman slept in the wait
ing-room of the railroad station, and
twice a day he would tramp through the
snow to a little grocery store and pur
chase 5 cents' worth each of crackers and
cheese. His net living expenses for the
three days aggregated 60 cents. When
the road was again clear and the train
had reached the South Dakota station
nearest the millionaire's headquarters
ranch he purchased the usual meal of
crackers and cheese and the last I saw
of him he was trudging six miles through
snow eighteen inches deep to reach, his
own fireside."
AS far as the investigation by the State Board of Trade
has gone it is demonstrated that the deciduous fruit
growers of California have nothing to say about the
cost of boxes, transportation, commission or final price to
the consumer. They pay interest, and taxes, the cost of
plowing; pruning, thinning, picking and packing their
product, and then their property goes into the hands of
the middleman, who charges a commission, which they pay,
but do not fix, and who makes to them such return as he
pleases.
' No other farm crop is marketed that way. The open
price, honestly returned, in Mark Lane fixes the price of
wheat to the producer. The Mark Lane price, determined
by supply, and demand, influenced entirely by what the con
sumer can pay and by the volume of the supply, goes back
to the producer, less Insurance, transportation and cost of
handling. So it is with all the great staple farm crops of the
country. The natural law that fixes price works for the
benefit of the producer.
A farmer should be in training, as he is in faqt an in
ternational merchant. The wheat-grower in California is
affected by the yield in India. If the monsoon come upon
the Indian field in its season, he knows that a full crop will
meet his in the world's market. If the monsoon fail, and
drought or the fly appear in the wheat fields of the Black
Sea country, he knows that the world's bread corn is short.
In either case he gets the proper price for his own crop, in
fluenced by supply and demand. So it is with cotton, to
bacco, rice, sugar and all of the great staples of the world.
Though fruit is a more perishable property, the difficulties
of its transportation to a distant market have been so far
overcome that the green fruit of California is steadily mar
keted in London in prime condition and in competition with
the green fruits 6f Southern Europe. The shippers who
attend to their own business get a larger profit out of that
far market than others, who have nothing to ' say about
'their fruit after it leaves the packing-house, get out of the
domestic market, only half as distant.
. An investigation of the price paid by the consumer shows
a wide discrepancy between that and the returns made to
the producer. This must, in the nature of things, mean that
the consumer .is paying too much or that the. producer is
cheated. If the price paid by- the consumer for California
fruit were subject to the same law and regulation as the
price of wheat, when the consumer pays fifty cents per
pound, the producer would receive fifty cents per pound,
less freight, refrigeration and commission. We desire to
make this plain, in order that the fruit-grower may be put
in the way of establishing the same method and the same
means for securing the natural and proper price for his prop
erty as the grower of other staple crops.
The producer takes all the risk. He stands exposed to
all the risk of wind and weather, of deluge and drought.
The insects and fungi attack him. He stands at the initial
point, the origin of the business. He it*is who goes with
naked hands to the conquest from nature of a valuable
article of commerce." necessary to the welfare of others, re
quired for their health and nurture. When the raisin
grower of Fresno fights phylloxera and thrips, red spiders
and grasshoppers, and meets frost with smudge, and stacks
and unstacks his trays as it rains or shines in the drying
season, and gets six cents a pound for his finished prod
uct, and the consumer only,- 200 miles away pays for it
twelve cents a pound, it is evidence that one hundred per
cent has been absorbed somewhere, somehow and by some
body between the producer and the consumer. Extend this
condition to the whole fruit crop of this State, green, dry
and canned, and it is believed that in the process of dis
tribution, after the product leaves the grower, there is an
equal average absorption of one hundred per cent, which
the consumer pays and none of which reaches the producer,
who has taken all the risk to create the supply.
How this is done, by whom, and at what stage of the
passage from producer to consumer, is what the State Board
of Trade is determined to find out. ' If the fact is established,
then a remedy may be applied. The middleman, the com
mission man, takes no risk at all, at least none that is so
far apparent. If the fruit do not sell; for enough to pay
the freight, he exacts it from the producer just the same
and also takes hisT commission out of whatever price the
fruit brings* He is apparently the master of the situation.
The grower makes the investment, produces the property,
pays all the cost of getting it to the consumer, stands the
loss in transit and has nothing to say!
The investment in fruit plantations in this State is enor
mous. It runs far into tens of millions. It is increasing,
since it is proved by the absorptive capacity of the market
that overproduction seems impossible. "New land in the
foothills is yearly cleared for new citrus and deciduous or
chards. The olive and fig follow the' lead of deciduous and
citrus planting. For every tree and vine put in the ground
a new consumer appears .within ..'transportation- reach.
Wheat fields are turned. into. orchards and. vineyards. This
i3 the greatest fruit-growing country in the world in area,
in possible variety, in stability and certainty of supply. If
a proper return from the consumer in all markets that
we reach come back to the producer, we have in fruit
growing the most interesting, attractive and profitable in
dustry related to the soil that the world has seen. Let
all the facts about the market and the profit and the pro
ducer's rightful share be threshed out, by upholding the
State Board of Trade in its comprehensive inquiry.
Making such modifications in this gen
eral scheme as may be necessary or seem
desirable, in Individual cases, it will be
found entirely feasible.
Its result will surely be lessened fric
tion, a more correct appreciation on the
part of each of the difficulties which each
must encounter in the care of his or her
part of these matters of mutual interest,
and with clearer understanding tlrere will
always come leas misunderstanding— a
consummation moat devoutly to be
wished.
To this may be added a small "interest"
in the "business," from which the child
will clothe himself or provide for mis
cellaneous personal expenditures or even
begin a savings account. "Where there is
more than one child each may be so
taught by giving each this work and this
Interest, say from the age of 15 to 18.
It is especially desirable that daughters
be trained in these business habits, be
cause they will scarcely get them else
where, while sons may" receive equally
good training after they reach the busi
ness world.
The division having been made, each
may again advise the other, if advice is
sought, as to deposit or Investment or use,
but neither should offer unsought ad
vice. Each should be made to feel that
that which has been received through
this division is absolutely personal prop
erty for his or her own unquestioned use.
Children may be brought into this
"partnership" and may be . taught busi
ness habits by making them serve as ac
countants for this "firm" (after they are
old enough to do such work) and by let
ting them know all the details of this
"business."
It has been said frequently that this is
entirely impracticable in the case of an
extensive business, and nothing is lost
by admitting that there may be cases to
which this general rule does not apply.
But with far the vast majority of la
borers, wage-earners, salaried men and
men conducting ordinary business in the
ordinary way, this scheme Is entirely
feasible and practical. It has stood the
test of years of practice In more than
one family.
These matters being cared for, that
which remains of receipts or profits ought
to be systematically and regularly . di
vided between the two. In the case of a
man with a ealary, this division may very
properly be half to each, since the man
has no special demands upon his purse
for maintaining his position.
In the case of a business man, this di
vision may perhaps b« two-thirds to the
husband and one-third to the wife— since
there are some necessary personal ex
penses which a man must meet in con
nection with bit business.
It will be better, however, to charge
this against the business (or, in case of a
salary, against family expense) before the
division is made.
It will be understood that in case of a
business man that which is shared from
month to month, after the payment of ex
penses, is such part of the net profit of
his business as may be safely withdrawn.
Profits or earnings which must remain
in the business, of course, cannot be
shared in this way. If the question be
asked as to what shall be done in case
there is no profit, but an actual loss —
the wife will draw from her savings
enough to meet her share of this loss pre
cisely as the man will draw from his ac
count to meet it.
deposit or Investment of some kind in the
name of both or in the name of the hus
band aa trustee.
THE DOMINICAN BRAWL.
rpHE Panama situation may be studied not only in the
I light of the past brawls on the isthmus, and of the
A revolutions, so called, in Salvador, Honduras, Guate
mala, Nicaragua and Venezuela, but by the glare of the
present proceedings in San Domingo.
-The United States is pledged to support the Monroe
doctrine by every consideration of national honor and
safety. The risk we take in doing so is yearly made greater
by. the vicious disorders in Latin- America. Brawling and
theft, of . which European nationals were the victims, fol
lowed by the bad faith of Venezuela in disregarding her in
ternational obligations to Europe, put upon us the great
strain incident to the concerted blockade of the ports of
that country. The diplomatic world has been kept in a
ferment by the issues of that act, which barbaric disregard
of decency made necessary. Now San Domingo, not yet
recovered from the revolution of last ; year, and not yet
having paid for the theft or. destruction of the property of
American and other^ nationals, is at it again. ,
A band of thieves representing the "outs" is after the
band of thieves representing the "ins" with fire and sword,
torch and guns, hammer and tongs. Both bands of thieves
on land have in partnership crews of pirates with armed
ships on the sea. Both bands are proclaiming blockade,
and American ships are fired upon, and German ships are
threatened, .turned back and prevented from landing their
cargoes. The commerce of all nations is interfered with,
those who carry it on are endangered, and there is roar
and uproar throughout the Caribbean Sea.' Right across
the Mona Passage our flag flies over Porto Rico. Jamaica
is near by. Civilization is handy to San Domingo, but its
influence does not penetrate the impervious skulls of the
people of that little autocratic flea among nations. Ger
many has to send a warship there to protect her subjects
and their property. It may be fired upon by some of the
fool pirates who are chasing the merchant ships of other
nations. In a moment the most serious complications, in
volving the Monroe doctrine with the rights of Europe, may
arise.
On the isthmus our treaty of 1846 makes us the police
man to protect the' rights of the world to peaceful transit
of that narrow strip. The Monroe doctrine makes us the
policeman of the Western Hemisphere. As such it may
become our duty to take these San Domingan thieves by
their ample ears and sit them down with a jolt that will
break fcheir teeth.
It is time an example were made with some of these
brawlers. They may any day involve us in a war with
Europe, or, in what is worse, a surrender of our hegemony
of the hemisphere. If civic principles and human rights
were being advanced by these revolutions, as they were
advanced by the revolutions of 1643, 1688 and 1776, it would
be our duty to keep hands off and hope for the victory of
principles. But there is no principle at stake in any of them.
They are simply plundering raids to attain power and
use it for oppression. They deserve no more respect than
a train Tobbery in Montana or Missouri.
"One hot day the mules were tugging
through this here sandy stretch that
borders the 'devil's tract,' when I noticed
an odd little bundle a mile or so off in the
waste. Being a little ahead of time, I
drove across the hot sand in the direction
of the bundle, more out of curiosity than
anything else. I thought some prospec
tor had cached some of his provisions out
there and covered them with a canvas.
When I got nearer I see a dog sitting by
the pile and a way off to the west a
couple of burros were picking up what
little bunch grass they could find. As I
approached the dog gave a snarl. I could
see t that under the canvas was the form
of 'a human being. I succeeded in con
rinclng the dog that I was all right and
pulled back the canvas. It was an awful
sight that greeted my eyes. An old man
was lying there dead, by his side an emp
ty canteen. A lump rose in my throat as
I dug a shallow hole with a piece of
board. Then I got out my beat horse
blanket and carefully wrapped the poor
devil in it and slid his corpse into the
hole, my every movement being greeted
with a snarl from the faithfui dog.
"As I finished I heard a low howl and
turned to see three coyotes steadily
watching me from a little knoll not far
off. Every time I tried to get the dog to
leave the spot he would only growl, so I
drove off, thinking maybe he might fol
low. As I looked back I could see his
dark form outlined against the white
background, sitting there in that terrible
waste of sand. I didn't pass again for a
week and looked for the dog, but he was
gone. I drove over again and found what
was Jef t of the poor critter lying mangled
and torn by his master's grave. A few
meatless bones told the tale. How long
the dog had lived or what a terrible fight
he had against thirst and in trying to
keep the coyotes from the grave, God
only knows."
It was along a dusty ride and the stage
driver was telling a story. "You see that
vast stretch of alkali land over yonder.
"Well, a few years ago that place used to
be the coyotes' delight. I guess there's
been a score of men perished there in the
last five years. "Whenever one of the boys
happened " to have to cross the 'devil
tract,' as they uster call it, and ran across
a few bones scattered over a. square rod
of ground they'd push 'em together, dig
a little hole and shove 'em in without so
much as a prayer for the poor devil who
uster own 'em. -TV;
Love Past Understanding.
THE FRUIT MARKET.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1903.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GA:L|
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. .' . . *",-,»/• ¦, • Address AH Commtmications to JOHN McNAUGHIV Manager
Publication Office ...'... • ' «^j^> .Third and Market Streets, S. P.
THURSDAY .....................NOVEMBER 12, 1903
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
6John McMullen, representing the Atlan
tic, Gulf and Pacific Company,' which had
made the lowest bid for doing the work,
was present and made a strong appeal in
the Interests of his company..
The Commissioners, however, relied
upon the original estimate of Engineer
Lott D. Norton, who placed the -cost of
construction at $100,000, as against the bid
of McMullen's company of $111,100, and
decided that from the figures in their pos
session, based to some extent on the price
that the Santa Fe Railroad Company was
paying for work of a similar character^
they could not in Justice to themselves
and to the city's welfare award the con
tract on the terms offered.
Mayor Schmitz arrived after the meet-
Ing was concluded. However, In deference
to his ex-offlcio position on the commis
sion the matter was again opened up and
informally discussed. The Mayor was of
the opinion that the contract should have
been awarded to McMulIen'B company.
The difference of $11,000 over and above
the engineer's estimate, and even added
Interest and sundry small costs, appeared
to him to be a minor detail in ,the matter.
Commissioner Klrkpatrlck was, however,
of an entirely different opinion. He did
not Intern? for a single instant to allow
the city's money to be wasted, he said.
The work under discussion is the con
struction of 600 feet of seawall. In the
near future about 4500 feet more will in
all probability be constructed, and the
price of construction of this latter will be
based upon the King street wall, which
Is the subject now at issue.
Commissioners Spear, Klrkpatrlck and
Mackenzie were present, and each took a
lively interest In the subject In question.
The pros and cons of the case were fully
discussed.
The Seawall Commission at the regu
lar meeting yesterday decided that it
would reject all bids for the construction
of the King street seawall and would
advertise for new offers. '
Suspicion points strongly to the woman
with the muff, who is said to be a
wealthy society dame. The person who
stole, the articles ladt year is undoubtedly
the same that got the silverware on Tues
day. The management does not feel Jus
tified in notifying the police authorities,
but a watch will be kept on the display
room for the woman supposed to be the
thief. -
Shortly after the latter three left the
room the young women in charge noticed
that five costly butter knives had disap
peared from one of the tables. Then
they made a hasty examination and to
their surprise discovered that five hand
some teaspoons and a pair of knlvea and
forks were also missing from two of the
other tables.
The young ladles who were in charge of
the room on Tuesday say that Just before
the noon hour a handsomely gowned
woman, wearing a large muff, came Into
the room and began to examine the things
on the tables. She seemed much interest
ed in the high art china and glass and
asked many questions.
The woman had been In the room sev
eral minutes when an elderly woman and
two younger ladies entered and began to
examine the articles. The first woman
then left tho place and soon thereafter
the other three took their departure.
The room is In charge of two saleswom
en whose duties are to look out for the
articles and show them to prospective
buyers. The room Is carefully watched
by the two young women, so It would be
Impossible for any one but a clever sneak
thief to take any of the articles on the
tables. ' -' / ¦
The theft occurred in what Is known as
the Thanksgiving display room. This
apartment Is situated in the center of the
store and each year, shortly before
Thanksgiving, crockery^ glassware and
cutlery of the value of several thousand
dollars are on display on several large
tables.
The crockery and glassware establish
ment of the v Nathan-Dohrmann Company
on Sutter street received a visit {rom a
sneak thief shortly before noon on
Tuesday, and handsome cutlery to the
value of $20 was taken. The manage
ment of the concern is of the opinion that
the daring thief is no, other than a well
known society woman. A peculiar phase
of the case is that last year a similar
amount of the same pattern of cutlery
was stolen and the se'eond theft makes
the set complete.' -
Suspicion Points to One Who
Is Said to Have Social
Hank.
Refuse to Award Contract Be
cause Too Much Is
Asked.
Commissioners Decide
to Stand by Engineer's
Estimate.
Crockery Establishment
Robbed in Daring
Manner.
SOCIETY WOMAN
MAY BE THIEF
WANT NEW BIDS
FOR SEAWALL
" Campbell W. Craig filed a. libel yester
day In the United States District Court
against the British ship Ben Lee. to re
cover $629 damages, alleged to have been
done a consignment of American .whisky.
by barrels of cement In the hold ;
Libel for Damages.
A favorite c,at of Miss Sullivan came
along, and espying the piece of meat ate
it, notwithstanding the frantic protests of
the terrier. Two minutes after the cat
swallowed the meat she turned up her
toes and gave up the ghost Miss Sullivan
alleges she can prove that Carter threw
UT» piece of meat over the fence. .
Miss Sullivan owns a prize bull terrier,
acd she alleges that Carter had often
threatened to poison the dog because Its
barking disturbed his slumbers. He Is a
neighbor of the Sullivan family. On No
veraber 6' a piece of poisoned meat was
thrown over the fence Into the yard of
the Sullivan house, close to the dog's ken
nel. The terrier -wras chained, and he
made frantic efforts to reach the piece of
meat, but failed.
Miss' Nora Sullivan, who lives at 1832
McAllister street, secured a warrant from
Police Judge Frit* yesterday afternoon
for the arrest of "John Doe" Carter, a
real estate agent on Montgomery street,
on the charge of administering poison to
an animal.
Warrant Out for Arrest of Real Estate
Agent for Killing a ;'.:,?'•
Feline.
PUSSY GETS THE POISON
AND BULL PUP ESCAPES
Mrs. L.' J. Maguln, a young married
woman living at 625 Golden Gate avenue,
was arrested yesterday afternoon by Po
liceman Edwards on a warrant charging
her with petty larceny. The complaining
witness is Frank L. Nell, a special police
man at Hale Bros.' store, on Market
street, who alleges that on Monday Mrs.
Maguin stole two purses belonging to cus
tomers, one containing about 913 and the
other about Jl 20.
Mrs. Maguln's statement of the case
places Neil In a peculiar light. She said
that be arrested her on Monday In the
store and she handed him the purses,
claiming that she had picked one up from
the floor and had found the other one
hanging by a chain on a chair. Nell told
her to meet him the next day at 11
o'clock at Sixth and Mission streets, and
he would in the meantime endeavor to see
the owners of the purses. 8he met him,
and he told her that he had seen only one
of the ladles, but If Bhe would meet him
at Market and Taylor streets at 4 o'clock
he would let her know If he had seen the
other. She was there, and he said he had
not seen the other lady, but that Mrs.
Maguln was to meet him at the same
place yesterday afternoon. She was there,
and Nell met her with Policeman Ed
wards, vrho placed her under arrest
Peculiar Conduct of Special Officer
Frank L. Neil May Be
Investigated.
South Africa Is probably destined In
the near future to become a formidable
rival to California and Australia as a
competitor for the English market In
the supply of fruit.
Jacob F. Schuster, a farmer at Santa
Rosa, filed a petition in insolvency yes
terday In the United States District Court
He owes $17,788 and has no assets.
Insolvent Farmer.
YOUNG 7vrA-R-R.TT.-n WOMAN
ACCUSED OF LABXZE2T?
Contracts were awarded to Flinn &
Treacy for the paving of Green street,
from Devlsadero to Broderick, and to the
San Francisco Construction Company for
grading Fourth avenue, from H street to
Hugo.
Property owners protested against the
proposed reduction in ths width of the
sidewalks on Clement street, but action
was postponed until November 25, when
the proposed bltuminizlng of Clement
street will be acted upon.
City Engineer Grunsky reported that
the cost of bltuminizlng Dupont street;
between California and Sacramento, and
Pacific street and Broadway would be
$3950. The Board of Supervisors will be
asked for authority to expend the amount
for the purpose.
Commissioner Schmitz was delegated to
Investigate t the encroachment of a show
window on the sidewalk on Geary and
Powell streets, which was constructed
without a permit. It being the decision of
the board that tho window should be
moved back.
The board expressed itself as opposed
to the proposed construction of a spur
track on Filbert street, from East to
Sansome, to connect with the Santa Fe
tracks, as the spur would take up al
most the entire width of the street by
pursuing a zigzag course. The City En
gineer was directed to modify the plans.
At the request of a property owner the
board decided to construct the sidewalks
on Third street with angular corners.
The property owner agreed to construct
new sidewalks in front of his property
and will endeavor to induce others to do
the same.
The Board of Publlo Works yesterday
decided to permit Lenora J. Rowland to
file her claim for damages In the sum of
$2500 to her property on Lombard street
as the result of proposed grade changes
on Chestnut and Polk streets. The board
first held that the claim had bean filed
too late, but in order to avoid a lawsuit
accepted It and referred it with several
others to the City Engineer for adjust
ment.
Will Ask Supervisors for Authority
to Bituminize Four Blocks on
Dupont Street.
BOASD OF WOBKS ACCEPTS
BELATED DAMAGE CLAIM
General Stone was chairman of the,Re
publican State Committee throughout the
Presidential campaign of 1900. When the
message was conveyed to party leaders
in the East that California gave 40,000 plu
rality for William McKinley many.con
gratulations to Stone were flashed over
the wires. Senator Mark Hanna expressed
special delight over the management of
the campaign In this State.
During the past week General Stone has
exchanged views on the political situation
with representative worklngmen of the
State and is fairly familiar with politi
cal conditions on this coast. Informa
tion derived from press dispatches and
private telegrams causes the Impression
here that Senator Hanna will again man
age the national campaign on behalf of
the Republican party.
The Republican National Committee will
probably meet in December to designate
the city in which the convention shall
be held and to fix the time for delegales
to assemble. Early action In this respect
is desirable in order that the city win
ning the convention honors may have
ample time to arrange for extension of
the customary facilities.
There are no indications that San Fran
cisco will enter into the competition for
the honor of entertaining the Republican
National Convention of 1904, as the great
Triennial Conclave of Knights Templar
will be held here next summer. During
the present year the public I spirited citi
zens of San Francisco contributed in gen
erous fashion for the reception of the
President and for the entertainment of
the National Encampment of the Grand
Army of the Republic. Later on, perhaps
in 190S, San Francisco may resolve to
enter the field In competition with East
ern cltlefl for the national convention
prize.
General George Stone will leave San
Francisco for Washington, D: C, thia
evening. It is Quite well understood In
the Republican camp that he will confer
with Senator Hanna and other leaders
of the party before he returns to the city.
There is no foundation for the conjecture
that the Postmastershlp of San Francisco
has anything to do with his expedition to
the national capital. He goes to "Wash
ington in response to telegrams from men
high in the councils of the Republican
party.
The case of Feld. charged with murder,
was called in Judge Fritz's court yeFter
cay morr.ing, but was, by consent, contin
ued till Saturday.
Police Sergeant Blank, who arrived at
the house shortly after the shooting, tes
tified that Feld had denied having fired
the shot that killed Dirking.
The dying statement of the decedent
was read to the Jury. In It Mr. Dirking
stated that Joseph Feld, his son-in-law,
had shot him.
"?•'€» the undersigned Jurymen, find that
Fritz Dirking came to hla death on No
rambtt 3 through a gunsnot wound ln-
Cicted by Joseph. Feld. end we charge
said Jcseph Feld wlta the crime of mur
der." ".V;
guc'.i was the verdict rendered yester
cay by a Coroner's Jury, after hearing
witceesea recite how Policeman Joseph
Feld had shot down hi» father-in-law.
Fritz Dirking, on his own threshold, at
II Fair avenue, on November 2.
v/hile the widow of the murder«d man
was on the stand telling how Feld came
to the house and beat her and her hus-
Land -with an iron Jimmy before firing
u. bullet into the old man's breast, Fe.'d
emiled sarcastically. The smile faded
away but once, and that was when the
widow, while leaving the Btand. bent upon
h:sn a look of such burning reproach that
his eyelids dropped.
Feld's wife left him last September and
!;led suit for divorce, Feld In the mean
time paying alimony by order of court.
Mrs. Dirking, the widow, testified that
h( r daughter had been forced to separate
frcm Feld because of his brutal treat
ment, he having threatened very often
to take her life. Fearful that he might
carry his threats into execution, she and
irer daughter consulted a lawyer, and he
advised thtm not to admit Feld to the
house. A little after 6 o'clock on the
evening; cf November 2 Mrs. Feld went
to the telephone in answer to a call and
recognized the voice cf her husband. She
hung up the receiver without answering,
but the bell continued to ring. At a quar
ter to 7 o'clock Feld came to the back
door acd tried to pry It open with the
Jimmy. The witness and Mrs. Feld ran
toward the front of the house, screaming
"Murder! help! police!" He then went
around to the front door and while the
eged -witness had her knee acalnst the
door Feld struck her on the knee with
the Jimmy ar.d struck her husband on the
head with the same weapon. Almost im
mediately afterward Feld fired and shot
her husband, then turned and ran toward
California avenue # with the wounded man
In pursuit. At the time Dirking was shot
he had no weapon.
Fritz Dirkir.c Jr.. a son cf the mur
dered man, about 16 years of age. cor
roborated the testimony of his mother
concerning Feld's attempt to break into
the house. After Feld had shot the old
man the boy ran into his mother's room
and grot a cheap revolver out of a drawer
end snapped it at Feld,' but the hammer
failed to explode the cartridge. The wit
ness admitted that after the fatal shot
was f.red he gave his father a carving
knife to defend himself with, and that
as his father chased Feld the prisoner
eaid. "I've got something Quicker than
a knife."
Irwin's attorney held that as Irwln had
been accused of malfeasance in office the
charges should be sworn to, but the com
mittee ruled it would not be necessary.
Brandenstein said the committe would
make a thorough investigation of Irwin's
administration outside of the charges
made by the society, to which the attor
ney objected.
"This Inquiry will be conducted with a
view to determining whether Irwin shall
be retained," said Brandensteln. "We can
remove him without a trial if we desire.
Irwin's own testimony shows that he has
not conducted the pound properly."
Action on the society's charges was
postponed until next Thursday at 2 p. m.,
when witnesses will be examined and Ir
wln heard In his own defense.
. Chairman Brandensteln stated that in
asmuch as the charge was made by the
eociety that there was a defalcation In
Irwin's accounts, in that he had failed to
make proper returns of fees collected by
him, it would be necessary to expert his
books.
The Supervisors' joint Committee on
Finance, Judiciary and Police yesterday
directed tho Hassell Audit Company to
expert tho books and accounts of Mayor
Schmitz's poundmaster, H. O. Irwln,
against whom charges have been filed by
the Pacific Humane Society, which also
petitioned that the management of the
pound be placed In its hands.
Finance Committee Still on
Trail of Mayor Schmitz's
Appointee.
Conference With Senator
Hanna and Other Leaders
Is Expected.
She Swears That He Broke
Into Her House and
Killed Dirking.
General George Stone
Leaves To-Day for
Washington.
Supervisors Investigate
Pouiadkeeper's Alleged
Defalcation.
He Smiles While His
Victim's Widow
Testifiea
GOSSIP IN CAMP
OF POLITICIANS
FELD CHARGED
WITH MURDER
IRWIN'S BOOKS
TO BE EXPERTED
THE SAN FKANCISCO CAL-LV THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1903.
England's trade with her colonies is
much more valuable, dollar for dollar,
than that with other countries, because
it is largely manufactures.
The hands and fingers of three work
lngmen were bruised yesterday afternoon
and all three men were treated at the
Emergency Hospital. The left Index
finger of J. I* Lang, an employe of the
Rlsdon Iron ! 'Works, -was cut off by a
planing machine. Samuel Carter lost the
tip of the third finger of his right hand
at the Union Iron "Works, and T. "Wil
liams was badly cut on the left hand
while at work on the roof of an CFarrell
street dwelling.
Three Workingpmen Injured.
7
[ SCOTFS EMnTLBIOlT. . ;'*
Seventy-five people out of
every hundred need Scotfs
Emulsion just at this season;
the other' twenty-five would
be .benefited by it— there's
scarcely anvone whose, gen-
eral condition would not be
improved by Scott*s Emulsion
at this time of the year. It
puts on solid, healthy flesh
and builds up the whole body.
That is what .Scott's Emul-
sion is guaranteed to do. As
Scott's Emulsion has been
the standard for thirty years
this guarantee means some-
thing.
By reason of the great
scarcity of cod liver oil just
now substitutes of all kinds
are being offered to the public.
Insist upon Scott's Emul-
sion and you will get the pure
oil and the best- emulsion
made. .
Scott's Emulsion never
changes in quality, purity or
effect
Well send yoa a sample free, upon rsqvest
SCOTT & BOWNE. <•« Psari Street. New York,
H Make Yonr tfome M
y More Attractive Fa
fA Nothing will 4a It so well kl|
LfflB or so cheaply aa tasteful pic-
1^3 ture* nicely frampd, and they py!
p^A need not be expensive, either. \f k
j^l The rlzht kind of a fjA
YX Picture Frame Fa
HQ adds much to the attractive- BM
k ¥ ness of the picture. We study %Jrt
KkJ to produce appropriate and ar- W A.
|W| tlstic frames at the lowest JjB
w A P°9 slb ' e cost - Out splendid rcj3
F^S line of moldings enables us to L \j
ski frame properly any picture Ik 1
Lv] submitted. Let us make your f]HJ
sV 1 next frame on approbation. Bfl
Km Tou will not have to taXe It W A
W1 unless It is in every way sat- UU
M GALLAGHER BROS, ki
kl 27 GRANT AVB. Fj
A Mark of Good
Breeding
Is to be perfectly at ease in* evening
dress — impossible if one's shirt bosom la
wrinkled, collar crumpled, cuffs frayed.
Avoid all such calamities by having us
"do up" your linen. We will undertake
the contract of putting you at ease so
far as your linen is concerned if you will
favor us with your orders. >;
UNITED STATES LAUNDBY
077X02) 1004 acaJKXBT STBEET,
V Near Powell.
f EXPERT OPTICIANS. f$S
MAKE OCULIST'S Y^g
'Prescription
EYE GLASSES H
At Moderate Cost, vj
Pfl1arp DONT FAIL TO
laiaWV iee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
51 flii room, the EMPIRE
ailU PARLOR, tho
r j PALM ROOM, tho
lTf/.f1(j LOUIS XV PAR-
H X^1« DIES' WRITING
Hotels room-
AMUSEMENTS. *
PIANO RECITAL
ANGKWJS PIANO PULTEB.
SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 14th, AT 3 P. M.
ll\l STEINWAY HALL,
Another Piano Recital will b« rlvta by Mr.
Percival K. Van Yon. -with, the aid of
...THE ANCELUS...
Soloist: MISS DAISY COHN. Soprano.
Complimentary tickets may b« Becorad at oar
store any time before tha recital.
SHERMAN, CXAT * CO..
Kearny and Butter Sts., San Francisco.
BASEBALL!
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
. RECREATION. PARK.
EIGHTH AND HARRISON
CHAMPIONSHIP filMES.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY. 3 P. U.; SAT-
URDAY. 3 P. M.
SUNDAY...... .......2:30 P. M.
vs. SAN FRANCISCO.
XJUDIES\ DAYS THURSDAY, AND FRIDAY.
1 _.i_ /Advance ;Sale.\5StocktoaiW j
AXUBBXEXffiL
GOLUmBiA iMaaTHswa
LAST 4 NI0HT9— MATINEE SATURDAY.
KZUT HTPSICIJLI. PA2TTAST,
STORKS
A GREAT
SINGING COMPANY.
A REAL
BEAUTY CHORUS.
(Management Dearborn Theater Company.)
NEXT MONDAY Charles Frohinan present*
VIRGINIA HARNED
In A. V,". Plnsro's Masterpiece.
"IRIS"
The Moat Talked of Play In th« Past Decade.
SEATS NOW BEADT.
Prices During Miss Harned's Engagement,
13. |1 50. |t. 73c. 30c. 25c.
GRANDS
Evenings at 8; Mat. 'Wed. and Sat. at 2.
SEATS^ NOW READY
FOS Alili BTTTVTATTTXgQ PESPOSM-
ASTCES UP TO AND XSdtXTDlXfO
SATITOD AT. WO VEMBEB 23.
SPECIAL MATINEE THANKSGIVING DAT.
DAW and ESLABTOES'S
Stupendous Production of General "Wallace*
"BEN HUR"
Dramatised by William Young— Music by Ed-
gar Stillman Kalley.
Next Monday — Third Weak of BEN HUR.
..CALIFORNIA..
BRINO THE CHILDREN SATURDA.T.
The- World's Most Marvelous Magician.
t HERRMANN
THE GREAT.
Accompanied by the Mlll-
tary Musicians. THE
LASKYS.
NEXT SUNDAY— The only and original
HOSE MELVILLE In "Sl» Hopkins."
First Time Here. Seats on Sal*.
"There ain't no sense In doin' nuthin'
for nobody -what never done nuthin' for
you." — -.
PEERLESS~VAUDEV1LLE!
Bellman and Moore; Warren and
Blancnaxd; Jack Theo Trio; Phil
and Nettie Peters and the "Village
Choir" Quartette. Last times of
Max "Wai don; Olivette; The Two
Roses; Goleman's Dogs and Cats
and the Ingleside Automobile
Races shown in Motion Pictures.
Referred Seats 25c[Balcony. 10c
Box Seats and Opera Chairs 50c
TIVOI I OPERA
II VV/LJ HOUSE.
v . TO-JIQHT ,
Saturday Matinee and Sunday Night,
Verdi's Ever Popular
"IL TROVATORE."
Friday and Saturday Nights,
Puccini's Tragic Opera.
"TOSCA."
The great STEINDORFT NIGHT win be on
MOSDAT EVENING NEXT. 16th Inst.
Next week will see ,ta» featurs of tie
operatic season.
"ZAZA"
Prices as usual 23c, 50c 7So
• • • Telephone Bush 9.
ALCAZAR
General Manager.
"The Vew Alcazar Company Has Mads
Good, In Every Flay." — XTews i.e«er.
TO-NIGHT— MATTNEES SAT. AND SUN.
SHOUTS! SHKIEKS! SCREAMS!
The Private
That
Secretary. SF
Ergs.. 25c to 73c; Mat. Sat. ft Sun., 13c to SOc.
NEXT MONDAT— First Tlm« In This City.
The New Tork and London Success,
THE CLUB'S BABY.
A Comedy Convulsion In Three Spasms I
CENTRABlg
Market street. Near Eighth. Phone South 333.
TO-HIOHT — ALL TKTff WXIX.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SCNDAT.
Stockwell's Mammoth Production of
UNCLE TOM'S CABIN
To-Morrow Night, Prize Cake-Waik.
DDTrtC EVENINGS 10c to 50o
rKlVCj UATTNEE3 ,...10c. 13c. 2So
MONDAT, NeTtmber 18— Th» Oorgeoun
Boectacle. "TJNDER THE POLAR STAR."
Introducing. Fir«t Tim* In th» United State..
Esaulmaux and Esquimaux Dogs of KoltehotTs
Arctic and Alaskan Exhibit, en routs to St.
Loul3 World's Fair.
What Do T Tnrned Them
Yon Think j Away Again
| RUBES AND ROSES \
That Exceptional Musical Comedy,
Our "All-SUr" Cast. Inclndlnj
KOLB AND DILLk ;
BARNEY BERNARD.
WINFIELD BLAKE. , :
MAUDE AMBER.
GEORGIA CRAMIT,
SEN T. DILLON.
MATINEE ON THANK8GIV1NO. "
Rehearsing "I-O-U."
______
Hl_h -Class Specialties Every After-
noon and Evening In the Theatre.'
TO-HIQHT
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE
• Concluding With-—
NEW LIVING PICTURES.
ETUaOSTAS XK TZCB SOOt
——VISIT THE
"MTSTXO MZBSOB MJLZE."
ADMISSION 10o I CHILDREN.1 9*
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THB
Great Mexican Remedy: gJres health «d
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
leiFCttOOirYsai
ADVEETISEMZUTS.
ti GONORRHOEA
] And All Disease! of
j MEN
1 1 PURM A HJJBTliY CUBED.
S ~ I By ray own mod-
1 1 _^i^^5^^. ern method* I use
| > «• tp^'isJ Irrigatisn
M >*?Jf^SP^^S3l ryrua '.n rr.y prac-
H rt*i*r'Jtr t!c<? - and "Jtorether
li rt-i#V35* \ new PVire » *° r lr —
H Wt&SB rtallaticms. I cure
!j vi£*fi. /"isrt? t2 Gonorrho** PEK-
3 KrTV '*-?" V MAXEN'TLT 1 n
f? V /' r- '/¦ I from 2 to 10 fiayp.
(J <fc---4 < >* i "i« .fflL^.^ tniB becaus* I fro-
B C4ir'*^2l'^ Quently exairJr.«
tj J d 'jfJ tfc « '•ana.I bj- means
I * Jl v -^J^WiW|jMy of *¦ pmall electric
0 y\ lirht. and am en-
M S A I k >^ able<i to treat e&cn
B / Vv. I Sl\ V* <2'****« | 3 part sep-
II / t^SLcif^r \ I »™ tf 'y a*"l tntelll-
il l"^I? r y \-"* <r ' r ' l 'J r - Following
| DH-O C. JOBLEN. ?£
H The Leafl'.nr Ep^itllrt reenJu. There Is
B- no Btrictwe to
i fe&r, and no chronic condition (some-
jl time* called grWt) ev*r occurs.
p Mr fee* ar* fair:
1 j Ton can pay whtn cured.
I j At cf&ce or by mall, consultation, ad-
I rice, instructive pamrhlet and colored
II chart rf tfce orrana all free.
DR. O. C. JOSLEN
li Cor. MARKET and KBARNT STS.
Private Entrance. 702 Market rt.
[ JUST PURE BEEF J
JLIEBIG M
COMPANY'S
Extract of Beef
I Genuine with £L**<*^£.^ I
I bine signature -'ff^' —m»*~*~*~m*~m ¦
AN ARROW J>$lp'
>^ANTAB."A M
hf m . M *DE IN QUARTER SIZES |
19 CTS EACH Of? TWO FOR 25 CTS.
£J?^Cl.VZTT, FEABOPy 4. CO., Makihi
Always. Remember the Pall Name
jj^axatrve jjromo Q^^ 11110
Cores ©CoM aOneDty, Gripta 2 Days
@ JKy£fann&» to. 25C
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOR DECEMBER IiS§MH'
Is the most necessary maga- I^^M^i'^^^p
child, and its departments
cover every phase of the home and social
Four Full Pages in Color, representing -
BABYHOOD GIRLHOOD
CHILDHOOD MOTHERHOOD
Are so appealing every mother should secure them
Of your newsdealer or any Butterick agent, or of the, publishers, at Fifteen Cents a H
copy, One Dollar for an entire year. THE BUTTERICK PUBLISHING
COMPAN Y; Limited, 17 West Thirteenth Street, New York
¦l|"»l %T"*T^ A beautiful black and white miniature reproduction of a 80-cent (20 cents to subscribers) four-sheet calendar, :
H t* H H Printed in colors, artistically mounted, representing BABYHOOD, CHILDHOOD, GIRLHOOD and
A. MXJLsJLJi MOTHERHOOD, will be sent free to any one writing: a postal for it and mentioning this paper. Write to-day.;
Subscriptions to The Delineator can be handed in at any of the following Butterick Agencies in this City:
The. Butterick Publishing Co., (Ltd.), 201 Post street. .
The Emporium. >
Weinstock, Lubin & Co., Grant avenue and Geary street
~I. S.: Cohen, > 1 45 Siarth street
Schoenholz Bros.' & Co., " . >" 201 1-2013, Fillinore street. -MEMPHIS, Tenri., Nov. 1L— Miss Doug :
lass Calhoun. prominent in society circles
and ' a ; member : of , an aristocratic j family,'
was ; killed ' by : a * car last ;• night. J;,The
young lady, her " brother ? and a' woman
friend were taking : a horseback ride, j: At
the approach of * the ? car 'the* animal ibe-,
came '•, frightened r and : Miss Calhoun was
thrown, immediately- in; front of .the; rap
idly; moving car and instantly killed.. ;xi
Society Girl Killed by a Car.
MEXICO CITY,' Nov. 11.— It Is rumored
here on what' is considered good authority
that- the Mexican Railroad i Company," of
London . is = negotiating in Baltimore 1 for
the acquisition of the ;Vera ,Cruz and Pa
cific Railroad. The road is said to be held
at $7,000,000 ;gold.'ii It c holds ; an ; important
place as the connecting link between \ the
railroad of Northern and Central' Mexico
and the isthmus of Tehuantepec.'j&SSSf
May Buy Vera Cruz Ho ad.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 11.— The .remains
of. the man found in Sausallto' Sunday
have been Identified as those of George
Buzzlni of San 'Francisco, aged 64, who
had- been missing. from home : since ; Sep
tember 6. The body was found in the un
derbrush, in. the Sausallto *ills, with a
bullet hole 'through' the head; - The v re
volver used by'Buzzini was", the one with
which \ George Wilson;, killed himself In
San Francisco two years ago. • • ¦ t )
San Franciscan Kills Himself.
Wichita Track Full Measurement.
WICHITA. Kans., Nov. 11.— The Wich
ita track over which Cresceus trotted in
1:59% October 19 was re measured to-day
to-day and found to be two feet over a
mile in length.
Schmitz Befuses to Confirm That
William J. Dingee Will Be
Park Commissioner.
It has been stated on good authority
that- George »B. Benham and Louis Wal
lensteen, who assisted Mayor Schmitz In
his recent campaign, are to bo rewarded
by that official with positions on two of
the public boards of this city. Benham, It
is said, Is slated for a place on the Board
of Education. He Is at present president
of the , San Francisco Labor Council.
"Wallensteen, who is an active member of
the Retail Clerks' Association, it Is as
serted, Is to be given a place on the Board
of Election Commissioners.
It has been rumored that William J.
Dingee, president of the Contra Costa
"Water Company of Oakland, is to 6e
made one of the Park Commissioners. In
reference to this latter appointment May
or Schmitz last night said:
VI shall neither deny nor affirm the ru
mor regarding Mr. Dingee's appointment.
I will not give out nor make any appoint
ments until after December 13. I am go
ing into the country for a little recreation
and these matters will be allowed to rest
until after my return."
Temperance Women. Meet.
The ; San Francisco Chapter of 'the
Women's ' Christian Temperance Union
met yesterday afternoon at the home of
Mrs. McCoy on Ninth street. Owing to
the weather but few of the members were*
present and transaction of business was
postponed until the next meeting. After
the adjournment Master Arthur L. Merri
field played several pieces on the piano
and received a vote of thanks from the
ladies. Refreshments , of lemonade, „ tea
and; cakes were served, which concluded
the meeting. ; ,'
Cherry May Kb-wr Fight NeiL
DETROIT. Nov. 11.— By getting the de
cision over Tommy Feltz of Brooklyn to
night Joe Cherry of Saglnaw, Mich.,
earned the right to have a bout with
Frankle Nell, champion bantam-weight
pugilist of the world. Nell had agreed
that he would meet the winner of to
night's fight before the Metropolitan Ath
letic Club of Detroit and both men fought
fast and hard for the decision.
Football Player Disqualified.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 11.— a. T
Bmlth, the University of Pennsylvania
fullback, who played in the game against
Harvard last Saturday despite Harvard's
protest that he was Ineligible, was to
day disqualified by the faculty athletic
committee.
Benevolent Woman Dies.
Mrs. Lydla Pettus, who died Monday
from the effects of an operation for ap
pendicitis, was laid to rest yesterday In
Laurel Hill Cemetery. She was the wife
of T. Asa Pettus, the well-known con
tractor and builder. - She was a woman of
great nobility of character and dearly be
loved . by her many friends. Her many
charitable acts will be missed by ' those
who have been favored with her count
less-bounties. The Rev. Dr. 'Rader offi
ciated at the - funeral • and .the Knicker
bocker .Quartet sang a number of beauti
ful hymns. y-A \ - . /, :. . r-v
NEW YORK. Nov. 11.— Raymond Mc-
Veigh, IS rears of age, a member of the
Cadillac football team, lies at the point of
death at his home In Brooklyn from.In
juries received in a gaxre November 3.
When he returned from Long Branch, N.
J., where the game took place, there was
a bruise over his right eye, but he did not
conrplaln. Several days later he wai
found unconscious on the floor of his
bedroom and grew rapidly worse. The
do^-crs say his brain was Injured and he
rroDfebly will die.
Football Player Fatally Injured.
rirst race— Joan Terkea, Quiz XX, Mis*
OolisrhtlT.
Second race — Sanatomo, Baialand.
Proof Reader.
Third race — Havlland. Antolee.
Boaster.
Pourtli race— Alma Dvfottr, Z,lda Lelb,
Voila.
Fifth nee— Thane. Reservation, roa
solnca, -
Sixth race — Mamsella, Bosimond, Pair
XiRdy Anna.
SELECTIONS.
By New York Morning Telegraph.
Sixth race, seven-eighths ot a mile, selling —
Nestorla 102. Fair Lady Anna 99, John Coul
ter 103. Rosamond 108. Sinner Simon 102,
Olonetz 99. Irby Bennett 102, Guadalqutver 90
Oalba 108. Diamonds and Rubies 94! Beaucatra
94, Boundary 99, Mamselle 103. Blue Grass
Girl 94.
Fifth race, one and an eighth miles, handl^p
— Bardolph 100, Reservation 112. Thane 108,
Fonsoluca 107, Tancred 97.
¦Fourth race, five and a half furlongs — Je
hane 103. Voila 103, Lida Lelb 109 Rachel
Ward 100, Hlndilene 100, Bride 106. Alma Du
four 100. Katie Powers '106.
Third race, mile and seventy yards, selling—
Kilmorle 100. Antolee 100, Sidney Sabath »7.
Chickadee KM, Boater 108. Havlland 100 Bu<l
Embry.101. Flora Wllloughby 99 Adelant'e 103
Trocadero 104. John J. Regan 89.
Second race, three-quarters ot a mil*— Henry
Lyons »7. J. F. May berry 10O, Ralnl&nd 112.
Sanetome 112, Henry Leuhmann- Jr lOtT
Prince of Pllsen 100. Proofreader 104. Rough
and Tumble 106.
First race, three-quarters of a mile, selling
—Quiz II 104. The Boer 103. John Yerkes 9«.
Miss Golightly 105. Lovable 105 Gallagher 9o,
Fleuron D7. Charlie Grainger 97, Jim Hale
105. Angea, 87, Frivol 97, Haidee 92.
CINCINNATI. Nov. H._ The «ntrle« for th*
Latonla races to-morrow follow:
Weather clear; track fast.
LATONIA ENTRIES.
The Street Railway Employes' Hospital
Association will elect a new board of di 1
rectors on December 1. The following
men, from whom six- will be chosen tto
serve, have been nominated for the posi
tions: P. M. Belknap, Castro-street line;
F. W. Clapp, San Mateo line; J. Gogorno,
Powell-street line; J. Deveney, Kentucky
street line; R. S. Henry. San Mateo line;
J. A. HIckey, San Mateo; R. H. Keyes,
Butter street; G. W. Lane, Mission street;
A. T. Leslie, Twenty-fourth street; Pat
Lynch, Mission street; E. R. Moore, Ken
tucky street; F. G. Shallenberger, • Hyde
street; T. S. Scott, Sutten* 1 street; J.
Shields, Union street. This association
has proven a great benefit to the carmen,
910 of their number having received medi
cal attention during the last year.
To Elect New Directors.
MAYOR WILL NAME TWO
LABOR MEN ON BOARDS
i Billy .Cahill, looking a bit 1 grayer, per
haps, after another season of guessing on
the .Chicago tracks, is out bright ; and
early /.with .; his -horses ¦, at Oakland these
mornings.. *^;. -,;i . />,. , "^ •; ; : .--;..; ¦ .
. I If s It I continues, raining ..the field .; in the
opening, handicap is apt ; to -bo. made up
from . the following / horses : ;. Kenilworth,'
119: ; Claude, 1 114; 'Luden Appleby." 112; Ben
MacDhui, 109; Jack de Mund, 107; Horton,
107 ; s Horatlus , ':'- 107 ; *, Incubator;, 107;' « Warte
Nicht, ¦ 106;; Fossil, , 106; > Major " Tenny, 105;
Bchwalbe; 104 ; • NIgrette, 99; Eonlc, 99, and
Colonel ;Van^ 98.' :^t 1
V. HarryJ;Monahan, who . was connected
!with T the booking enterprises of "Plunger"
Joe VJTaeger / all ; summer, Is : home again,
with 7. the -latest ' effects - In v winter : cloth
ing; and ; gloves,-; both -i dressed ? and un
dressed. > r "Keegan";: is }, the • only * man 1. In
tho business who can roll a cigarette with
his left , hand;' flgure : out ,'a ', "Dutch" with
his / right,'; catch • the ? ticket : writer* g num- r
ber,;on' the , fly ,*; wrinkle and ! unwrinkle his
f ace j while telling f a ? Celtic \ yarn;»j and \ all
within V' a 'quarter ' of .*• a oecond -of ' the
record. ,", -¦' '..¦¦'¦-' -~ ; -- • ¦".' -• r ";•-;.¦;' ¦>
that is I , out here ; with the ; stable of S. G.
Morton. - / .'¦'-,¦ .'.".>' :'".¦¦ i ;
NEW YORK, Nov. ll.-An official out
line of George J. Gould's plan for build
ing a jiew tidewater line from St. Louis
to New Orleans was made public to-day
in an application ; to list . 812,1:42,000 St.
Louis, Iron Mountain and Southern lines,
gulf division, first mortgage 4 r per cejt
thirty-year . bonds, which represent that
portion of the authorized $50,000,000 which
have been sold. Gould recently estimated
the total cost, of .these improvements as
between $40,000,000 and $50 ,000 ,000.- The pur
poses-' for which the bonds will be used
are stated in detail In the application to
list andyare partly as « follows:
Provision is made- for the Immediate
issue of $7,200,000 par value of bonds as
applicable in the acquisition of all the
railroad property and franchises formerly
belonging to the St. Louis Valley Rail
road.
N One million. dollars Is reserved to be
certified, from time to time for the ac
quisition of an equivalent amount of the
first mortgage bonds of the Union Rail
-foad; Company, a corporation of the State
of f Tennessee; $148,000 par. value of this
reservation of bonds is Immediately j is
suable as applicable to the bonds of the
.Union' Railroad Company, deposited with
the Mercantile. .Trust Company at, the
time of the execution of the mortgage;
$15,700,000 of. the bonds Is reserved to
provide, for the, cost of, the acquisition
and "the completion. and, extension of the
lines ¦ of railroad formerly, belonging to
. the White . River ; Railroad . Company, the
Memphis, Helena and Louisiana Railroad
Company; $2,175,000 is reserved to pro
vide for cost of double tracking the I line
extending from East St. Louis to Thebes;
$2,500,000 in ; reserved to • provide for ad
ditional - terminal '¦ and ferry properties,
facilities and equipment at St. Louis, East
St. Louis and Thebes; $4,600,000 Is re
served for the construction or acquisition
of • second track,, shops, depots, > terminal
properties, 'rolling -stock and "^ other*, ad
ditional . property; $5,675,000; Is to provide
for, the acquisition : of lines of railroad
connecting the lines of railroads formerly
"owned by;.the"8t v : Louis Valley Railroad,
the Memphis, Helena and Louisiana Rail
road Company and' the .White River Rail
road Company; the remaining $11,250,000
is . to provide . for the actual . cost of lines
of railroad constituting extensions * or
branch lines connecting with _ the railroad
of thei company subject', to,' Hen of the
mortgage. '.< ¦ -
In Canole he will meet a different style
of fighter and the contest should be more
Interesting. Britt's fight with Seiger was
advertised as being for the lightweight
championship. As neither Britt nor. any
other boxer has been able up' to the pres
ent time to smoke out Joe Gans, the rec
ognized champion, the claims of Tues
day night's fight promoters carry no
weight. Bmwli/SMy^rTPi^S^P!@SB^^B
This is not likely, as he seemed-ln-per
fect condition. He is naturally slow on
bis feet,- in this respect^ being in marked
contrast to Martin Canole, who is quick
and graceful in ¦ his movements ' even" in
ordinary attire. * . I /-¦'¦
. Britt and Canole meet one week from
to-morrow night at.Colma. There . is
much work to be done . on, the new pa
vilion before a fight can . be held there. ,
There was a wide . difference of opinion
yesterday as ; to ' Britt's showing against
Seiger. Some, thought he performed bril
liantly, while others felt he lacked, the
dash ', and freshness which characterized
his earlier efforts In* the His * face
seemed drawn and haggard and he had
a serious cast of countenance, showing
the complete absence of bis former, buoy
ancy. On one point- the majority of ;the
spectators' agreed. . That was .that Britt
did not have the power to knock Seiger
out. He hit him repeatedly In .vulnerable
spots,-; but the stopping power ; waa- not
in the blows. . .
"Who ever told you that you could box
like Corbett? Why didn't you get in and
fight Britt Instead of trying to be clever?"
This is Manager Billy Roche's end of
a colloquy held with Seiger yesterday
when they were discussing the
night's fight. 1 .
It represent* the point of view of the
spectators as well as that of Roche.
Seiger, who played the part of the al
most; human punching bag, could; only
say he was disappointed, at; his
and believed he had been In ¦ tralnlng : too
long.
Fight Patrons Expected
More of the "Iron
Man."
First Move Is Made on
Line Prom St. Louis
to New Orleans. ;
The second series of boxing contests un
der the auspices of the Pacific Athletic
Association and the Olympian games com
mittee will be held to-morrow night in
Mechanics' Pavilion annex. The main
event will b,e between Gua Peterson and
William Stewart, the welter-weights. The
other bouts are: Joseph Kelly vs. Willie
Carroll, 108 pounds.vDick CuUen.vs. Billy
Duffy, 118 pounds; W. Jansen vs. Frank
Hardy, 133 pounds; George Murdock vs.
Mike Synfy, 128 pounds, and Joe Thomas
vs. J. Cooper, 135 pounds.
Amateur Boxing Bouts.
it was figured in turf circles that
there , would be fully twenty-five. This
may be a liberal estimate for the opening
day of the season and probably Is, but
this number of layers chalking prices will
be exceeded before the meeting is far
advanced.
From outward "observation It is ' reason
ably certain the following firms will make
the weight on Saturday: Hoffman & Co.,
Paul Hoffman, Jim Davis, Henry Wendt,
Joe Harlan, John Coleman, Caesar Young,
Barney Schrelber, Hughey Jones, Jimmy
Jackson, Sam Stevens, Frank Bain, . M. D.
Miller, "One- two-three"" Martin' and
Henry Friesenhausen (Little Henry).
Frank Eckert will not reach here until
seme time In December. He will then
hang up his slate. r
Henry Wendt will, book for Bart Cav
anaugh of Sacramento. Tom Cook, for
merly with Jim Davis, will be the cash
ier. , •
. Johnny Lyons will put his name down
the first day If he does not " think the
number of books excessive.
Bob Lloyd and Dan Donelly, two mem
bers, of the ¦ Metropolitan Turf Associa
tion who booked here last season, will
probably not reach here in time to cut in
the 'first day. Both were much impressed
with the clean and' healthy aspect of .tho
racing here and have been great boosters
for California in the far East. - - -
George Rose, It is said, will book at
Los, 'Angeles. . . ¦ , > ¦¦
, Willie Applegate, who last season "ran
a leather shoestring into a tannery and
then .went back to Chicago and separated
himself from most of -it, - Is i back here
again. Willie is up country with John
Coleman shooting ducks, but la apt to
take a hand on Saturday. ,
Joe Rose and Bill Jackman will soon
bid " the New -York tracks : farewell • and
start for California. At last accounts
Jackm'nn had replenished his shrunken
bank roll and was reported a good win
ner. Rose's ledger also showed a balance
on, the right side. , - ;
Fred. Cook, who led the list of winning
owners at Chicago with $48,771 to his
credit, will book out here this winter. ,..-.
J. F. Newan, who is here with Don
Donio, Burnle Bunton. Our Bessie and Bay
Wonder, picked .up . 121,140 .with the four
sprinters named on the Chicago tracks.
That's. showing some entry speed and no'
mistake. , - .-.
¦ . "Plunger". . Joe Yaeger .'and 1 Frank Lan
terman are duo to drop In * almost any
day.;- Yaeger will race a stable of horses
here, besides making, a . book . that Is apt
to cut out the running ' for 'some of - the
smaller, fry. •' ¦"¦';. :, , ;
EmilHerz, whose horses are; quartered
at ' Oakland track; is«due' here' to-mor
row. Herz was formerly ¦'¦! a partner of
"Boots" Durnell, . the 1 firm at .. one time
owning the crack McChesney. '
¦' Jack : Martin, " who will . unquestionably,
give the other riders ; a : hard : : tussle ' for
first ; place, honors, is galloping horses ev-.
ery morning at Oakland '. for Walter Jen
nings. * The I latter ; turfman" made a; ten
strike when] he secured Jack's ¦, service's.'* I
Harry Green,'of Spokane, it Is said, will
likely put on a book ; at ', Oakland the , first
week. ; '¦ Green > owns j Sad Sam ' and . one
day; during. ; the : late ; ¦ lamented v, Seattle
meeting won noughty, nought dollars and
noughty cents, when R.. Sullivan' rode the
sprinter.^ Sullivan was later, ruled off at
Seattle, went - to ; Chicago and •: . had his
name * in \ the » paper* v because \~: of \ being
knocked! out for a day ..'or. two by, stepping
on * a I llve> wire ; that v had; • fallen in the
street. It ; created "quite a ; sensation, . for
the . public ; had * become 1 practically, reconf
ciled I to i seeing \ Sullivan' on . nothing but
dead ones. - >,-¦ -v- ; -•-"^gfflBfflffMI'IgfflfflB
It is J imroy Booker, and T not H. Booker
IT is up to the street and ticket
now to determine the number of
bookmakers that will cut In at Oak
land track on Saturday. Last night
SEIGER'S SHOWING
IS DISAPPOINTING
Some of the Well
Known Layers
Now Here.
GOULD'S PLANS
ARE DISCLOSED
CHESTNUT SON OF NOMAD, ONE OF THE POSSIBILITIES FOR THE OPENING HANDICAP AT OAKLAND
RACETRACK ON SATURDAY, WHEN THE NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB WILL INAUGURATE THE
WINTER SEASON OF RACING. „" . '
Joseph" Holle (chairman) C. A. Stork. B. D.
Balart. R. A. Greeninger. L. Hables. A. Yonge.
L A. Krauer. W. Rhodes, H. M. Strohlein and
M. Newmark; George E. Dixon, announcer.
Bay City Wheelmen. Frank Y. Pearn* and
Victor Grey; Garden City Wheelmen. W. Wai
bel and Merle Gray: Oakland Wheelmen, Gus
Hearther and Charles "» Bergner; California
Cycling Club. Walker Spellman and Warren
Brown: Star Cyclers, F. Klrschner and C. Bof
flnger; New Century Wheelmen, A- VV likes and
D. Mainland.
The committee In charge of the affair
is made up of:
The second annual entertainment of the
New Century Wheelmen will be held to
night in Native Sons* Hall. The principal
part of the entertainment will be home
trainer races, for which the leading clubs
have entered teams. The entries so far
received are:
Indoor Contests for Cyclers.
The Harbor Commissioners held their
regular weekly meeting- yesterday.
The question of placing a fog bell at
the foot of Market street came up for
discussion. Captain J. B. Milton, U. S.
X., Inspector of lighthouses, stated to
the commission that he thought a steam
whistle would fill the requirements to the
best advantage, as the sound of the whis
tle was far more acute and penetrating
In foggy weather than a bell. As soon
as practicable a whistle will be placed in
position.
In relation to what . is known as * the
Woodward law Commissioner Spear of
fered the following resolution, which was
adopted:
Resolved. That all wharfingers and such other
employes of the board as have police powers
are hereby instructed to. at once accompany
any one making complaints that he has been
.refused an opportunity to purchase fruits on
the t^:arve a under the control of the board. - to
Immediately Inquire Into the case, and if he
finds that tuch refusal has been made, to warn
the offender that he Is breaking the law and
to immediately report such offender to the
board for such penalty as provided by law.
It was ordered that every wharfinger
be notified, of the board's resolution.
Fruit Buyers "Will Have Benefit of
Protection Through Enforce
ment of Woodward Law.
HARBOR COMMISSIONERS
HOLD WEEKLY MEETING
First race—Alpaca. Homestead. As
cension.
Second race— Buttons, Demurrer. Elver
Pirate*
Third race — Emerzency. Monet, Toi
San.
rouxth race— Kin* Pepper. Elsie !¦.
Iran a Lindsay.
FlftH race— Bob Boy. Clear th» Arras,
OoiTDeUa.
Sixth race— Mart Mullen. Sir Ship,
Grantsdale.
- Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, maid
ens — Pass Book 107, Heir Apparent 107 Mart
Mullen 110. Grantsdale 107. Albany Girl 107.
Burning Glass 107. Sir Ship 110, Aminte 12J,
Nult Blanche 107. Hymettu* 107. Dinna For
get 107. Labor 107. William Pigeon 110.
SELECTIONS.
By New York Morning Telegraph.
Fifth race, five and a half fnrlongs, maiden
two-year-olds — Alforten 110. VTUllgess* 107.
Mohican 110. Clear the Arena 107, Coppella
107. Fortune Hunter 110. Sir Carter 107. Moni
tor 110. Rob Roy 107. Bronx 110, OrUkany 110.
Yellow Hammer 110, Prince Salm Salm 110,
Buster 107, Tlthontc 110, Conkllng 110.
NEW YORK. Nov. 11.— The following horses
are entered for to-morrow's races at Jamaica
track : •
Weather clear; track . fast.
First race, six furlongs, selling— Blserta 1C0.
Forward 100. Neither One 100. Ascension 110.
Foxy Kane 110. Homestead 106. Alpaca- 0*.
Featherweight 100, Sentry 88. Andrattua 10O.
Worry 10O.
Second race, one and a sixteenth miles. han
dicap—Duke of Kendal 124, Buttons 115. River
Pirate 123, Tribes Hill 115. Colonsay 107.
Melsterslnger 106. Ostrich 103. Demurrer 103.
Sam Craig 100.
Thlnl race, six furlongs, two-year-olds.
Boulevard stakes — Revtlle 102. Wizard 109,
Eagle 89. Sourlere 107. Emergency IOC, Toi
San 99. Monet 106.
Fourth race, six furlongs. Union handicap —
Gay Boy 132. Young Henry 126, Lux Casta
121, Irene Llndsey 116, New York 115 Illyria
111. King Pepper 105. Sweet Alice 10S. Elsie
L 94. Eagle 88.
JAMAICA ENTRIES.
Rain Prevents Baseball Games.
There was no baseball game In this city
yesterday on account of the rain. The
game at Sacramento was called at the
end of the 'second Inning for the same
reason. /
Hall was wild In the second and third
innings and allowed six hits. After this
he steadied down and pitched in his best
form. Both teams hit the ball hard, but
the locals were lucky in placing theirs
where the fielders could not get them.
Francis for Portland and Ross for Los
Angeles were the particular stars, both
making remarkable catches of line hits
that appeared to be Impossible chances.
Score:
Los Angeles — , Portland —
AD.H. H. P.A.! AB.R. H. P.A.
Hoy, cf...5 111 0 VanB, cf..5 0110
IVhelr. 2b.5 2 3 4 2 Andsn, 2b. 4 112 3
I'mlth. 3t>.5 0 2 2 0 Nadu If.. 3 1 14 0
Dillon, lb.5 o 2 11 1 Fnnn. lb.5 0 0 13 2
Crvth, rf.4 12 3 0 Blake. 3b.5 12 12
Ross. If.. .5 0 15 2 .Francs, s.4 0 2 3 3
Raymd, s.5 0 0 1 6j Thlmn. rf.4 114 1
Spies. C...5 015 2,6hea. c.-.S 013-1
Hall, p. ...4 1 11 ljButler. p.. 4 0 0 0 2
Totals. 43 5 13 33 14 Totals.3O 4 0*31 14
•One out when winning; run was scored.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 0001010200 1—5
Base hits 0113020310 3—14
Portland 01200001000—4
Base hits 0240001 2000—9
SUMMARY.
Stolen base — Wheeler. Errors — Raymond 2,
Smith. Hall, Francis. Home run— Thielman.
Two-baee hits— Dillon, Blake, Francis, Smith.
First base on errors — Portland 3, Los Angele*
*1.' First base on called balls — Off Hall 4.
Struck out — By Hall 2. by Butler 2. Left on
bases— Los Angeles 8. Portland 6. Double
play — Rosa to Wheeler. Sacrifice hits — Thiel
man, Cravath. Hit by pitcher — Nadeau. Time
of same— 1 hour and 50 minutes. Umpire-
McDonald. • •
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 11.— Portland and
Los Angeles played an interesting eleven
inning game to-day, the locals scoring the
winning ( run in. tho eleventh with ono
man out. Score: Los Angeles 5, Port
land 4.
BERKELEY, Nov. 11.— Graduate Man
ager Ezra Decoto announced to-day the
names of the men who will referee the big
Intercollegiate game next Saturday In San
Francisco. Ben Dibblee, once captain of
a Harvard eleven, will * act as referee.
Charles Dudley, an old Yale player, who
umpired last year's game, will officiate
In the same capacity again. Dr. A. C.
Steckle, who coached the successful Uni
versity of Nevada eleven and was once
a star tackle on the Michigan University
eleven, will be the head linesman and
timekeeper. Dr. Steckle's assistants will
be Everett Brown of California and A. C.
Blake of Stanford.
The varsity eleven did not indulge in its
last line-up practice game against the
second eleven, as intended, this afternoon.
Coach Whipple decided the grounds were
too wet for that, so the men only went
through signal practice. The two days
now remaining before the game will be
devoted simply to signal practice, kicking
and running with the ball. •
It looks now as if it would rain Satur
day, which means, of course, a slow, slip
pery, muddy game.. The grounds at Rich,
mond will not put the players to the same
advantage as the Berkeley grounds did
last Saturday, however. The Richmond
ground is sandy and will not stick to the
feet, as the Berkeley mud has a habit of
doing. Coach Whipple thinks the chances
of the teams will not be changed whether
it rains or not. '
"The men on both sides are so evenly
matched in weight," he Bald to-night,
"that a wet ground will be of no advan
tage to either team. I prefer that it
should be dry, however, as then the men
play a better game.
"I have definitely decided to put Stern
In first as fullback. His work last Satur
day against Nevada convinced me that
h« Is the man for the place. Forse will
be reserved for tackle in case we need a
man for that position.
"As to Hudson, there will be nothing
decided until just before the game on Sat
urday. It all depends on how he feels
then. If he thinks his leg will stand the
rough-and-tumble he will go in. Then he
can play as long as he stays unhurt."
Mr. Reid, the principal epeaker.'gave an
address on "The Trials of a Coach and the
Spirit of Competition," using many In
stances observed while he was coach at
Harvard to Illustrate the points of his
remarks. He urged the students to sup
port and not to criticize, the coaches of
Ihelr teams taylng the latter had enough
to worry them without being troubled
with hasty and unnecessary criticisms of
their methods. Mr. Reid also advocated
pure athletics and denounced the practice
of trying to "rattle" players In varsity
baseball games and similar unsportsman
like co r.G'jct.
Tc-mWrow night a monster football
rally will be held In Assembly Hall, and
If weather conditions permit an open air
Jolly-up "«rfll follow.
STANFORD .UNIVERSITY. Nov. 11.-
Thls morning's general assembly was de
voted to the discussion of matters con
nected with athletics. W. T. Reid Jr. of
Harvard and Dr. Frank Angell, chairman
of the faculty athletic committee, ad
dressed the meeting, which was presided
over by President Jordan. As but two
days intervene before the day of the big
same the enthusiasm displayed by the
rooters at this morning's assembly sur
passed all previous exhibitions of college
spirit as exemplified by \igorous cheering.
Dr. Angell spoke of the changes in
athletic conditions recommended by the
Stanford and California faculty commit
tees, particularly with reference to play-
Ing future intercollegiate football games
on the campus gridirons and as to the
proposition of having- the rival freshmen
teams determine the Intercollegiate cham
pionship by a series of games to be played
in February of each year, and also that
the freshmen of the two colleges have
contests on the track and diamond. The
speakers heartily indorsed the recommen
dations cf the two committees, particu
larly the desire /or campus games, which
he declared could be made a thorough
success from every standpoint.
Prominent Speakers Address General
Assembly at Stanford University.
DISCUSS ATHXETICS
The threatening weather conditions are
worrying the Stanford supporters at
present. A light team must depend on
cpeed If it Is to win a fotball game, and
should Richmond field be heavy on Satur
day it would .probably prove detrimental
to Stanford's chances of scoring. The
cardinal team, despite the confident asser
tion In one of the morning papers to the
contrary. Is considerably lighter than that
of their opponents. The weights of the
Berkeley center trio are heavier than the
writer announced, according to the state
ments of the players themselves. A cas
ual glance at the two elevens will show
there Is a greater difference than one
pound to the man In the aggregate weight
of the two elevens.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Nov. 11.—
The last secret practice of/ the football
sea* on occurred on the gridiron this after
noon. The coaches put their men through
two hours of strenuous work. The men
appeared on the field at 4 o'clock Instead
«f a half hour later as has been the prac
tice heretofore.
While the varsity and second teams
lined up for a half-hour's hard scrimmage
work the larger part of the time was de
voted to signal practice and punting and
goal kicking. The team does not appear
as thoroughly familiar with their signals
as It should be. and this defect the
coaches are attempting to remedy by
continued practice at running through the
different formations.
NEW YORK, Nov. 1L— Alexander
Shields turned three tricks at Jamaica
to-day, with Lady Amelia. Lady Poten
tate and Buttons, all running In the name
of his partner. E. R- Thomas, who is
abroad. In each case Shields placed a
heavy commission In the ring, setting the
example for hundreds of fortunate specu
lators. -.
The card was the most attractive of the
meeting. Four favorites and a third
choice won. The crowd numbered fully
15,000 persons. Including W. C. "Whitney,
Harry Payne Whitney and Herman B.
Duryea, who came to the popular track
to see the Metropolitan handicap winner.
Gunfire, run in an overnight event, which
resulted in a hollow victory for the daugh
ter of Hastings. Summary:
First race, five and a half furlong*—Ortho
dox won. Harangue second. Mimosa third.
Time. 1:07 3-5.
Second race, six furlongs, selling — Foxy
Kane won. Blue and Orange second. Our Nug
get third. Time. 1:14.
Third race, mile and seventy yards, handicap
— Gunfire won. Sabot second, Bollna third.
Time. 1:45 1-5.
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs. th«
Phoenix handicap — Lady Amelia won, Dolly
Spanker second. Race King third. Time.
1:00 4-5.
Fifth race, mile and a sixteenth. selling-
Lady Potentate won. Widow's Mite second.
Stonewall third. Time. 1:48.
Sixth race, handicap, mile and a furlong —
Buttons won. Brigand second, Mastermaa
third. Time. 1:33 4-5.
CINCINNATI, O.. Nov. 11.— Latonla. sum
mary:
First race, mile — Chantrelle won. Drumxnond
second. Grand Maria third. Time. 1:47. -
Second race, six furlongs — Melita won. Ruth
Parrlsh second. Miss Mollle third. Time, 1:19.
Third race, mile — Ocean Dream won. Brief
second. Miss Mae Day third. Time, 1:46V*.
Fourth race, handicap, short course steeple
chase — Charawlnd won. John E. Owens second.
Falella third. Time, S:12.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs— Delmon.
lco won. Preaknes* second. Rough and Tumble
third. Time, 1:11%.
Sixth race, mile— Havlland won, Frank Mo
second. Moor third. Time, 1:48.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
W. I* Pet. I W. L. Pet.
Los Ang..l21 73 .624 San 'Fran.101 1C5 .490
Seattle ... WS 03 .505 Portland . 89 97 .479
Sacto 98 100 .405 .Oakland . 85 121 .412
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Stanford Adherents Hope for
a Dry Field on Sat
urday.
Charles Dudley of Yale Will
Serve Again as an
Hall Is Wild for Two Rounds
and Allows Six Safe
Fifteen Thousand Persons
Witness the Racing at
Jamaica. v*
Much Attention Is Paid
to Perfecting the
Signals.
Ben Dibblee, a Harvard
Graduate, to Act as
Referee.
Tally.
Home Team Finally
* Scores Winning
Lady Amelia, Lady Po
tentate and Buttons
Score.
SECRET PRACTICE
FOR CARDINAL
OFFICIALS NAMED
FOR BIG GAME
ELEVEN INNINGS
AT LOS ANGELES
SHIELDS TAKES
THREE PURSES
SPORTS OF THE RACE COURSE, THE RING AND THE FIELD
THE SAK FB AN CISCO CALL, THURSDAY;: NOVEMBER 12; ;1UO3.
MORE BOOKIES THAN EVER
WILL CUT IN AT OAKLAND
8
ADVERTISEMENTS.- ¦
Rheumatism
;* «THE5 PAIN KINO, W
Those who have ever felt its keen, cuttingpains; or witnessed the intense
suffering of others, know that Rheumatism is torture, and that it is right-
ly called "The Kingof, Pain." ' '
•. All do not suffer alike. Some are suddenly seized with the most excrucia-
ting pains, and it seems every muscle and joint in the body was being torn
asunder. Others feel only occasional slight pains for weeks or months, when >
a sudden change in the weather or exposure to damp, chilly winds or night
air brings on a fierce attack, lasting for days perhaps, arid leaving the pa-
tient with a weakened constitution or crippled and deformed for all time. "..! .
* An acid, polluted condition of the 1 blood is the cause of ; every, form and ;
variety of Rheumatism, Muscular; Articular, Acute, Chronic,' Inflammatory
and Sciatic, and the blood must be purged and purified before there is an
end to your aches and pains. External applications, the use of Hhiments and
plasters, do much toward temporary relief, but such treatmentdoes not reach
the real cause or cleanse the diseased blood ; but S. S. S., the greatest of all .
blood purifiers and tonics, does cure Rheumatism by antidoting and neutraliz-
ing the poisonous acids and building up the weak and sluggish blood. . It is
S - safe and reliable in all forms of Rheumatism. It makes
//-¦Q /|pJ the old acid blood rich, and the pain-tortured mus-
V?^>. V^^fc. cles and joints are relieved; the shattered nerves' are
?^^ j h^^ J made strong, and the^ectire system is invigorated and
S— y toned up by the use'of this great vegetable remedy.
If you have Rheumatism, write us, and our physicians will furnish with- ?
out charge any information desired, and we will mail free our book Ton
Rheumatism. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA*
ADVERTISEMENTS. s
HAVANA CIGARSH -M. M. Ratigan was the Interlocutor and
F, L. McNally stage director. After the
programme there was dancing. - ;
National Parlor No. 118, Native Sons
of the Golden West, gave a minstrel en
tertainment in Native Sons' Hall last'
night. Despite the unpleasantness of the
weather there was a largo attendance and
the audience was entertained with the
following programme:
Grand Introductory overturn by the entire
company. Introducing "The Bame Old Crowd,"
."Black Man From Troy," "Fly, Fly, Fly,"
"Congo I*>v« Sons;," "Juno" and "My Palm
Leaf Maid"; "That Black Man From Troy,"
Syl Newman; barytone solo, Frank Thompson
"You Don't Need Nothln' for Your Nerve,"
Joe Broude*; tenor solo, David Manlloyd; "I'm
Unlucky," Guy Clayton; selections, Knicker
bocker Quartet (H. Williams, Dr. R. R. w
Emlth, D. B. Crane. L. A. Larsen); "My Octo
roon Lady," Bill Vaugh; barytone solo, Fred
Giannlnl; "Oh! My Baby," Lou Hufachmldt;
bass eolo, 1* A. Larsen : "Show tha Whits of
Yo\ EyV Elton Lambert; grand finale by the
company. ;,;..- . • • . , - :
National Parlor Minstrels.
Lena S. Walton, .whose mining experi
ences at Nome have led her Into a lot of
litigation with Charles Lane and his as
sociates, arrived from tho north yester
day and Is staying -at tho Lick. The
woman has come south to attend .to her
6ults against Lane, now pending in the
United States court.,
Several weeks ago Miss "Walton and
Land met in a. drug store In .Nome', and'
an argument over : their differences re
sulted in an exchange of wordy abuse,
and finally Lane; in the heat of passion,
slapped Miss Walton in the face. ~:7~' : -
WILL PROSECUTE SUITS
AGAINST CHARLES LANE
Lena Walton, Whose Face Mining
Man Recently Slapped, Is Down
From Nome.
PUEBLO, Colo., Nov. 11.— Five persons
injured, one seriously, and a considerable
damage to property was the result of a
switching train backing Into a street car
tc-day. Tho street car was going at a
high rate of speed and the train was run
ning about six miles an hour.
Tha injured : R. S. Ryan, Santa Fe
switchman, arm and back injured, right
ankle broken and left foot badly bruised;
Mrs. Thomas Truman, bad scalp wound;
Mrs. Reed, kneo injured and severe
bruises; J. H. Milliard, rib fractured; Gar
rls Nemer, fracture of left arm.
Several Persons Are Seriously In
jured in a Collision in Pueblo,
Colorado.
SWITCH TRAIN AND
STREET CAR MEET
Rainfall Is General Along Coast.
Rain fell generally along the coast
north of San Francisco yesterday. The
winds were unusually high in Nevada and
off shore. Owners of vessels In the ports
between San Francisco and Seattle were
warned to delay sailings until the end of
the 6torm. Cloudy weather with probable
ehowers is the prediction for to-day.
PROPERTY OWNERS OBJECT
TO INCREASED ASSESSMENT
San Jose Taxpayers May Appeal to
the Courts for Relief From Extra
Burden.
g^.jj JOSE, Nov. 11.— An organized
movement by taxpayers against an In
crease of city taxes, caused by tho State
Board of Equalization raising tho assess
ment of Santa Clara County 15 per cent,
is being undertaken by some of the large
property-owners. The City Council had
fixed the city tax rate at Jl 25 per $100 be
fore the county assessment was increased.
Tho Increase gives the city J30.000 addi
tional revenue. The taxpayers object to
the extra burden, but the additional tax
is now being collected.
- Many of the large property-owners have
not yet paid their taxes, while others
have paid under protest. .
Asks for a Site for College.
SANTA CRUZ, Nov. 1L— Before the
C|ty Council to-day Theodore Martin Ful
ler presented a communication asking
tor fifty - acres of land on Laveaga
Heights for a site for a college of higher
education to «cost no less than 12,000,000.
The bulk of the money is expected to
come from Andrew Carnegie. Fuller
states that an 'electric road from 'the
heights to connect with the lines already
In operation will be built. ...
Proof of Death Is Insufficient.
SANTA CRUZ, Nov. 11.— Judgo Smith
tc-day denied the petition for letters of
administration on the estate of O. Foss
bey, who disappeared some years ago, on
the ground that satisfactory proof of
death was not presented. Foesbey left
most cf his estate to charitable organiza
tions.
BOSTON, Nov. 11.— The plan for an in
ternational labor federation was enthu
siastically received by the convention of
the American Federation of Labor to-day.
This International alliance was proposed
by James O'Grady, fraternal delegate to
the federation from, the cabinet-makers
and upholsterers of Great Britain, who
urged that the laboring element in Eng
land and America work together in har
mony. Delegate O'Grady's plan was sup
ported by James Simpson of Toronto, a
member of tho International Typo
graphical Union.
Mayor Collins to-night entertained the
delegates to tho convention at a banquet
in Faneull Hall. Addresses were delivered
by Mayor Collins, President Samuel Gom
pers and many of the delegates.
Delegates of the Boston .Convention
Favor the Formation of an In
ternational Federation.
WILL ORGANIZE LABOR
ON BOTH CONTINENTS
• SAN JOSE, Nov. 11.— A, D. Stdbbs, an
Englishman, who was accidentally shot
while hunting at Pacific Grove yesterday,
had his right arm amputated to-day.
Ftubbs went hunting on the reservoir of
jhe Pacific Improvement Company and in
getting ashore he attempted to drag the
¦gun from the boat by the muzzle, when
\he trigger caught and the weapon was
discharged. The charge of shot entered
the right arm, badly tearing it from the
forearm, to the shoulder.
Hunter Accidentally Shoots Himself.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 11.— The managers of
Agnews Insane AcylulA to-day rescinded
the contract awarded to Clark & Henery
for the erection of a eteel water tower
for JMU3. On June 10, 1303. Clark & Hen
< ry were awarded the contract, but owing
to* an irregularity it was later rescinded.
Whea bids *ere again opened on Septem
ber & Clark & Henery's bid was found to
be the same The Western Iron Works
of San Francisco bid SS143. Clark & Hen
cry were given the contract, notwith
standing th'ir bid was T350 higher. This
caused a great deal of criticism.
Trustees' Rescind the Contract.
Hon. Joseph Chamberlain, M. P., has
addressed the folowing letter to a num
ber of British residents in this city In re
sponse to a communication addressed to
him on the subject of his fiscal policy:
HIGHBURY. Moor Green, Birmingham, Oct.
24, 1903. — Dear Sirs: I have received with
great pleasure your letter of October 7 and am
gratified to think that my fellow-countrymen
abroad approve of tot efforts to promote the
union of the British Empire. I do not believe
that my policy would be injurious to any for
eign country and least of all to the United
States of America, to whom the prosperity and
strength of the United Kingdom must ever be
a matter of Importance. The future of the
world largely depends on the union of Anglo-
Saxondom. and toward this great final Ideal
my policy Is an Important step. With thanks
for your kind wishes, I beg to remain, yours
very faithfully. J. CHAMBERLAIN.
Union of Anglo-Saxondom.
CHICAGO, Nov. 1L— A general strike
of the 3000 employes of tho Chicago City
B-ailway was decided upon to-night at a
mass-meeting of the men. They will quit
work at 4 o'clock to-morrow morning.
This decision was reached after a con
troversy that has lasted for over two
weeks between the representatives of the
union and the management of the rail
way. Numerous conferences have been
held In an effort to adjust the difficulty
by arbitration, but without satisfactory
results, and the decision to-night to strike
to-morrow morning was unanimously In
dorsed by the men. The demands of the
union were for an advance in wages of
23 per cent, recognition of the union and
several other minor concessions.
The company, it Is said, has several
hundred men in readiness to take the
places of the strikers and will endeavor
to run the cars with non-union men.
The Chicago City Railway controls all
the surface lines running on the South
Bide of the city, making a total of over
220 miles of track. .
Three Thousand Men Will Walk Out
in the Lake City.
CHICAGO CARMEN STRIKE.
ALASKANS FOR ROOSEVELT.
Territorial Republican Convention
Elects Delegates Favorable to
the President.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11.— President
Roosevelt to-day received tho following
telegram:
JUNEAU, Alaska, Nov. 10, 1003.— The Presi
dent. Washington, D. C. : Territorial conven
tion to-day elected J. O. Heide, Charles 8.
Johnson, William T. Perkins. M. D. Grant, J.
W. Isvey, Oscar Forte delegates to tho Na
tion convention. Instructed for Roosevelt.
JOHN M. HEIDE, National Committeeman.
Redding Woman Dies at Dawson.
TACOMA, Wash.. Nov. 11.— Dawson ad
vices state that Mrs. Charles Anderson,
formerly of Kedding, Cal., died at Et.
Mary's hospital three weeks ago after
undergoing an operation for Internal com
plications. Mrs. Anderson was ¦ an ex
ample of womanly, devotion and pluck.
For weeks she. nursed her husband when
he was ill with typhoid fever and from
him contracted the disease. She was
taken ill Just after her husband's recov
ery. She had, a hard siege, with the fever
and began to improve when internal com
plications followed the typhoid and neces
sitated an operation. Her remains were
embalmed and will be shipped to Red
ding.
Milk Below. Standard.
Health Officer O'Brien yesterday or
dered warrants sworn out for tho arrest
of P. M. Vidak of 1340 Mission street and
M. Bilofer, 3047 Sixteenth street, restaur
ant keepers, on charges of selling milk
below standard.
Tho Ladies' Aid Society of Emanuel
Evangelical Church opened a bazaar last
night at Foresters! Hall, the proceeds of
which will be devoted to the embellish
ment of tho church. Unfortunately, ow
ing to tho weather, the attendance was
not as large as was expected, but the
beautiful display of needle and painted
work brought many a dollar to the wor
thy cause.
During the evening Mrs. Lv Becker ren
dered several piano solos In response to
encores, the Misses Schnetzler and Berg:
gave a duet and answered the applause
with another, and Miss Edna Wallis gave
a recitation.
The bazaar will continue to-night and
to-morrow night, and it is hoped that
pleasanter weather may draw a much
larger crowd to" admire "the exhibit of
woman's handiwork and enjoy the music
programme. Ice cream and other refresh
ments will be served.
Women of Evangelical Church Pre
sent Pleasing Programme and
Exhibit Handiwork.
WASHINGTON, Nov. ll.-Jones of
Washington introduced a bill to-day pro
viding a subsistence allowance of $250 an
nually for rural free delivery carriers.
Allowance for Eural Carriers.
T.ATOES' AID SOCIETY
GIVES ENTERTAINMENT
Rescue H. D. Evans After He Had
Been Entombed in. Shaft for
Sixty-Eight Hours.
NEVADA CITY, Xov. 1L— After being
imprisoned In the Union blue grave! mine
lor cixty-«ight hours and given up for
Oea<J. H. D. Evans was rescued by daring
miners, who \emured through the quick
t-ar.d. *
Kvaris vras Tv-orking in breast No. 6 and
did not hear the cave. He heard Miner
Angello phout, but thought a car vras off
The track and started down the tunnel to
assist. He got Into the quicksand and
then realized what had happened. He
walked back to No. 6, picked up a coat,
¦wrapped it around himself and then
looked for the highest place of safety. He
found Eome Timber, made a platform for
his fort and a place to fit down, with his
back rfstir.g'figainfst a pick handle. Only
once did he fail asleep, but he was Quick
ly awakened by being struck on the head
by falling sand.
' Evans did not lose his head. Ho real
•.z^d that it was absolutely necessary to
liave air to pusiain life. He blew out his
<an<31e so as not to consume any more
oxygen than was necessary. For sixty
tight houre he raced about In total darK
ntss. not knowing whether or not he
would oee daylight again.
Finally his companions reached him and
he was carried to the surface.
EASING MINTRS SAVE
LIFE OF A COMPANION
Sudden Death, of Mrs. Edith Palmer.
SAN RAFAEL. Nov. 11.— Mrs. Edith
Palmer, wife of Charles Palmer, & banker
of New York City, died suddenly at the
Hotel Litchenburg here this morning.
Mrs. Palmer had been sojourning in Cali
fornia for several months and had been
in San Rafael the larger portion of the
time. The deceased was 25 years old and
a daughter of Colonel William Blrk
helmer.
.When near the corner one of -his ppra
panions shotted" to "him to 'beware, and
upon turning he saw ' Migalo advancing
toward him with a large knife in 'his
hand, he says. Believing his life was In'
danger, Nicolo alleges, he drew his re
volver and fired one shot, then turned and
ran to his home, throwing the gun away
In his flight.
The statement of Nicolo Crudo was
taken down and will be used at the trial.
According to the police they are in posses
sion of evidence that will prove conclu
sively to a Jury that the deed was pre
meditated, and the plea of self-defense
will not hold. Their star witness, whose
name they withhold on the ground that
his life might be placed in jeopardy if
given publicity, is believed to be Joe Da
manti, one of the trio present at the
shooting. It Is claimed that his testi
mony will be that the two Crudos and
himself waited at the corner of Green and
Kearny streets for Migalo, and as he
came up Joseph Crudo spoke to him. Joe
and Migalo then began fighting, and Mi
galo was struck In the face. Nicolo Crudo
then came up and shot him with a re
volver. Nicolo then turned and ran down
Kearny street to Vallejo and then to Du
pont. Joe remained for a moment and
then took to his heels.
LITTLE CREDENCE IN STORY.
Lorenz Wederroth, who resides at 1217&
Kearny street, will also be an important
witness for the prosecution. He was lying
in bed on Sunday night and was unable
to sleep. He heard some men talking and
then a shot. He threw open the window
and saw two men running away and two
pick up a prostrate form, carry it to the
curb and then walk away.
Joe Wolf of 1218 Kearny Btreet was
across the street from the shooting, but
owing to the darkness was unable to rec
ognize any of the participants in the
crime. He walked over to the dead man
and then went in search of an officer.
The police have ascertained that the
trouble between Migalo and Crudo arose
over Migalo's loss of a bootblack stand at
Eddy and Taylor streets last August.
The Board of Works ordered him to move
his stand from the sidewalk and he ar
ranged with the proprietor of the grocery
to pay $15 per month rental and the ex
pense of remodeling the side of the build
ing In which to place the stand. Crudo
approached the bartender in the place,
and, it is claimed, offered him 5200 and
the proprietor $25 -a month if he could
have the place. He secured the place and
Migalo was put out of business.
The police place no credence In Crudo's
story of self-defense and he will be
booked on a charge , of murder. They
point to the fact that there was no knife
found near the body of Migalo as disput
ing Crudo's statement that he feared his
life was in danger, from a knife thrust at
the hands of Migalo. Crudo is about 50
years of age and of small stature. All of
the principals in the tragedy are natives
of Calabria and it is feared that more
bloodshed may result from the murder.
After being In jail six hours Crudo sig
nified his desire to make a confession and
was accordingly taken before Captain
Martin at 10 o'clock last night. Through
Interpreter Martini he made a statement
of the affair, in which he admitted having
fired the shot that caused the death of
Migalo, but declared that he did It In
self-defense. His story of the tragedy Is
to the effect that he met Migalo In a sa
loon on Dupont street shortly before the
killing and they became engaged in a
wordy war over Crudo's action in ousting
Migalo from a bootblack stand at the cor
ner of Eddy arid Taylor streets. No
blows were struck, and in company with
Joseph Crudo and Joe Damanti Nicolo
walked up to Green street and down to
Kearny.
Nicolo Crudo has confessed to the po
lice that it was he < who fired tho shot
that brought death to Prosporo ¦ Mlgalo,
bootblack, at the corner of Kearny and
Green . streets last Sunday night. This
Clears up the mystery of the killing, as
far as the actual murder; is concerned,
but the police have yet a search to make
for evidence on which to convict Crudo.
Nicolo Crudo, who was taken into cus
tody yesterday, is an uncle of Joseph
Crudo, who was arrested In connection
with the killing and charged with mur
der. The police have been actively scour-
Ing the Italian quarter for Nicolo, but it
was not until yesterday that information
was received that he was in hiding and
intended to leave the city as soon as an
opportunity presented itself. In the after
noon several officers from' the detective
bureau surrounded , a house opposite
Crudo's home at 22. Lafayette place and
upon effecting an entrance found the man
for whom they had v been searching, sit
ting by the fire, contentedly smoking a
pipe. He was manacled, taken to the
Hall of Justice and put through a" severe
examination. To all questions, however,
he declared at first that the murdered
man was 1 his friend and that he had not
seen him at all on the night in question.
He further stated that he had gone home
at 10:30 p. ' m. and knew nothing of the
shooting until the following morning,
when some of his relatives apprised him
of the affair.
ADMITS FIRING FATAL SHOT.
Arrested Man Says He Feared Knife,
but Police Believe He De
liberately '> Committed
Murder. " . '¦••.-
Is Concealed.
to House Where He
Detectives Force Entrance
Captain William N. Shelley was the
first bay pilot on the Pacific Coast. More
than fifty years ago he was a pilot on
San Francisco Bay and retiredj on ac
count of old age about ten years ago. He
waa born in Maine in 1S17 and came to
California in early * days. He leaves a
wife, two children and a comfortable
estate. Captain Shelley was a second
cousin of Senator Gorman of Maryland.
Only 600 volts are used to operate the
North Shore trains and the tracks are
Inclosed by a wire fence, with danger
signals at short intervals. This voltage
was not deemed strong enough to cause
death. Captain Shelley, together with tho
wet ground, intensified the force of the
current.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 11.— The first vic
tim of the third rail on the North Shore
Railroad is Captain William N. Shelley.
Captain Shelley was killed about 6 o'clock
this evening near hia home at Alto Sta
tion, about eight miles south of San Ra
fael. Shelley, Its seems, was walking
along the enclosed right of way to avoid
the mud and stepped upon the- live rail
and was killed.
SALT LAKE, Nov. 11.— The coal miners
of this State have been granted an in
crease of 10 per cent In their wages. Spe
cials from the different camps show that
the advance has been general, the rate
of pay being raised from $2 50 to $2 75 a
day.
Hundreds of miners have already drawn
their savings from the banks at Trinidad
and gone away to seek employment else
where.
Colorado Fuel and Iron Company of
ficials claim to have more men working
in the southern field than on Monday,
but the number of miners on Btrike in
that region Is conservatively estimated at
7000. With 1S00 additional idle miners In
Fremont County and about 2000 in the
northern field, the total number of strik
ers in this State exceeds 10,000.
James Kennedy, member of the national
executive council of the United Mine
Workers of America said to-day that
transportation for 4000 miners from the
Trinidad district to Iowa -had been ar
ranged for and that unless a settlement
with the operators were reached 6oon
2000 men would be sent from Colorado to
Missouri and Illinois and 1600 to Texas.
DENVER, Colo., Nov. 11.— Reports from
all coal camps where miners are on strike
are to the effect that good order is still
maintained. The Trinidad union's 4iead
quarters has received a request from
Texas coal districts for 500 men and Okla
homa has asked for 150. These probably
will be sent at once.
PUEBLO, Colo., Nov. .11.— Independent
coal mines are -one by one. making terms
with the strikers and this will have an In
fluence with tho two principal operating
corporations. A special -.. to • the Star-
Journal from Trinidad says that at a con
ference between representatives of -the-
Coal Miners' Union of District No. 15 and
the management of the San Juan .Coal
Company of Aguilar, the coal company
agreed to every demand except the 20 per
cent advance. A compromise was finally
effected at 10 per cent. President Howells
asked if the San Juan Company would
consent to a conference with the small
operators. This was granted and a con
ference was held and an agreement made
which. It is believed, will settle the strike
so far as they are concerned.
TRINIDAD. Colo., Nov. 11.— It Is re
ported here late to-night that negotiations
are pending between the Colorado Fuel
and Iron Company and the Victor Fuel
Company and the operators in the district
whereby a settlement of the difficulties
may be reached before the end of the
week. It is stated also that miners to the
number of 175 were shipped into Denver
to-night bound for this point to take the
places of the strikers and that they will
arrive to-morrow.
• WASHINGTON. Nov. 11.— Publlo bills
were, introduced 'In the Senate as follows:
By Burton — To establish a pension and give
to each man who eerved for ninety days in
the army or navy of the United States during
the Civil War a monthly pension of not less
than $12." . . . '. .
By Lodg-e — To place hides on tho free list.
¦ By Stewart — To provldo for the repayment of
unexpended money deposited for platting min
ing: claims. - •- .
By McCumber — To authorize the purchase of
land in Shanghai. China, on which to erect
wharves, warehouses, etc., for the encourage
ment of commerce.
| By Fulton — To prohibit the Introduction of
mlsbranded salmon from one State to another.
By Duboln and Mitchell — Providing for the
election of : United States Senators by direct
vote of the people.
By Gamble — For th« adjudication of Indian
depredations claims.
By Mitchell — Extending the right of suffrage
to women.
Senate Sill Provides $12 a Month for
Civil War Veterans.
rtfCBEASIira PENSION LIST.
. WASHINGTON, Nov. 11.— Secretary
Wilson has asked Congress for an emer
gency appropriation of $25,000 for the pure
food section work. Laboratories for test
ing food products entering the country
are to be established at New York, Bos
ton and New Orleans, and the one at San
Francisco will be enlarged.
Chemist Wiley predicted to-day that
within two months olive oil, which- comes
mostly from Italy and" France, will cease
to be shipped ..here in adulterated form
and that imported wines will be sent here
in better form. .It Is understood that the
commission on pure food will recommend
to Secretary Wilson that white wines
¦containing not over twenty mlligrams of
sulphurous acid, per 100 cubic centigrams
of wine be made the standard. -
::me cf the battle on April 19 and did the
Fliooting, together with Jim McKlnney
and & third man unknown to her. She
contradicted her testimony given' at the
inquest on several points at the prelim
inary examination, and subsequently In a
rew?paper Interview declared that she
had perjured herself and that Hulse was
not present at the shooting and that Mc-
Kinney was the only one who shot. She
had -declared several times to officers at
the jail that she will so testify when on
The stand.
oner's inquest and preliminary hearing
swore that he was In the josshouse at the
HAaL'I^FIELD. Nov. II.— The twelfth
Jur^r In the Hulse case was chosen this
afternom at 5 o'clock Just before court
adjourned. At the request of counsel for
the defense the jurors were committed to
the care of the Sheriff to be held until
after the cise is determined. Of the
twelve chosen nine are farmers from the
surrounding country and three are resi
dents of Kern City. Of the last three
one is a prominent merchant, another a
machinist and the third a prominent
eheepman. All residents of this city who
wfre drawn on the panel were excused,
nearly all for bias against the defendant.
The taking of testimony will begin to
morrow morning. Interest is centered
largely on the probable testimony of Jen
nie Fcx. Hulse'e consort, who at the Cor-
SANTA CRUZ, Nov. 11.— Rain began
falling this morning and continued stead
ily all day. It was the heaviest of the
season.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 11.— A 6torm
which forcibly presaged the coming of
winter .struck this city last night with
unusual severity. The wind gauge at the
Weather Bureau recorded a velocity of
thirty-four miles an hour at an early
hour this morning and at several points
nearer the coast the wind attained a ve
locity of fifty miles an hour. In this city
the wind was accompanied by torrential
rains and some damage was done. The
most serious effect of the storm was the
razing of a six-room cottage, in course
of construction Jn North Portland. Signs ¦
and awnings were blown down, but no
casualties resulted. It is believed that
shipping interests suffered but little, ow
ing to the timely warnings sent out by
the Weather Bureau to shipping points
along the coast, but reports of disaster
on the high Eeas may yet be received.
It is believed that the crest of the storm
has passed.
SPOKANE, Wash., Nov. 11.— A storm
of snow and rain, which seems to center
off the strait of Juan da Fuca, is cover
ing Oregon, Washington and British Co
lumbia. The railroads report little trou
ble, but telegraph lines are badly crip
pled, especially toward the west. The
snow here is melting rapidly. The weath
er office gives warning that high winds
may be expected.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 11.— News from
Northern California to-day is to the ef
fect that a light rain is falling all over
the Sacramento Valley. Quite a heavy
rain fell in the mountains along the line
of the Central Pacific road, but there
has not been a fall of snow thus far this
season. A light rain fell In this city to
day.
GRASS VALLEY, Nov. 11.— Rain worth
thousands of dollars is now falling In this
country. It is a veritable godsend to the
farmers and cattlemen, as the long dry
spell had caused a great lack of feed on
the ranges. Hay has been selling at fancy
prices, large quantities being imported
from the State of Nevada and the valley
counties of this State. The present storm
bids fair to continue for some time.
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 11.— Rain which be
gan falling about midnight Tuesday has
kept up all day. The ground is becom
ing pretty thoroughly soaked and when
the rain ceases will be in splendid con
dition . for plowing. Tho rain was gen
eral throughout the county, and even far
ther north. The streams In this vicin
ity have been dry for some time past,
but from this time on will contain plenty
of water. The grass on the hills Is spring-
Ing up nicely from previous rains and
Eome grain is beginning to sprout. The
rainfall to date this season is considerably
behind last year.
Oregon, Washington and British Co
lumbia Receive a Drenching.
STORMS ALONO THE COAST.
DENVER, Nov. 11.— A special" to the
Republican from Gunnison. Colo., says
.the mercury stood at 10 degrees below
zero at 9 o'clock this morning. A high
wind prevailed there all day, the air be
ing filled with sleet and snow.
HELENA. Mont.. Nov. 11.— For four
days snow has fallen throughout Mon
tana. The fall is heavy in the central and
northern portions. In Helena five Inches
cover the ground and snow is still falling.
Range conditions are satisfactory and no
damage reported.
SALT LAKE, Nov. 11.— The whole Pa
cific Coast from British Columbia to
Southern California and the States of
Oregon, Washington, Idaho, Montana, Ne
vada, "Wyoming:. Utah and Western Colo
rado were pwept by a storm to-day that
has resulted In an almost total prostra
tion of telegraph service over that ter
ritory and In the mountains has all but
tied up the railroads in a regular mid
winter blockade. The storm, which is/s till
raging with unabated fury t is the severest
on the coast. For live days rain has been
falling without cessation in the Puget
Sound country, which turned into snow
to-day, accompanied by wind, which to
night is blowing at {he rate of thirty-five
miles an hour. Heavy gales are reported
along the Pacific Coast in California, ac
companied by torrential rains. So far no
marine dhqffcters have been reported. In
the gorges of the Cascade Mountains
snow fell to a depth of four feet on the
level and is still falling and railroad traf
fic la eeriously impeded in consequence.
At Helena and Butte and over the ranges
of Central and Eastern Montana the rain
storm has turned into a blinding blizzard,
with eight Inches of 6now at Helena, six
Inches at Butte. with a high wind and
rapidly dropping temperature. South
ward, in Wyoming, Nevada and Utah,
there has been little precipitation so far,
but high winds have prevailed for nearly
twenty-four hours. Telegraph service has
been practically wiped out. Prostrated
telegraph poles and wires burieel in snow
drifts resulted in the Pacific Northwest
being- almost completely cut oft from the
outside world for the greater part of the
day, while conditions were almost as bad
In California.
Captain Shelley Meets With
Accidental Death in
ivi3Fin L/Ounuy.
Importation of Adulterated
Wines and Oils to
Be Stopped. ¦ \
Their Course May Influence
„ the Larger Corporations
in Colorado.
Interest in Case Centers in
Probable Testimony of
Jennie Fox.
Blizzard in Montana and on
Northern Coast Causes
Great Damage.
Nicolo Crudo Says He
Fired Fatal Shot at
Booiblack.
Will Care for Men Who
Are to Try Hulse
for His Life.
Differences Arbitrated
by Independent Min
ing Companies.
Secretary Wilson Wants
Money for Testing
Stations.
Comes in Contact With
Third Rail of North
Shore Road.
Railroads Blockaded and
Telegraph Service
Prostrated.
CONFESSES
THE KILLING
OF M1GAL0
ELECTRIC SHOCK
KILLS AGED MAN
MAKING TERMS
WITH STRIKERS
STARTS FIGHT
FOR PURE FOOD
STORM SWEEPS
THE NORTHWEST
SHERIFF TAKES
CHARGE OF JURY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1903.
8T. LOUIS, Nov. 11. — Announcement was
made to-day of the purchase of the Cane Belt
Railway of Texas by the Missouri. Kansas sam
Dr. H. w: Fairbanks of Berkeley de
livered a lecture before the Ban. Francisco
Teachers' Club last night at 305 Larkln
street His subject was "The Concrete
Side , of Elementary Geography." The
lecture was profusely Illustrated T with
Etereopicon views and - was largely «at
tended. ;'-•' " .. *
lectures on Geography.
9
QBAPE-UTJTS.
OFF FOR SCHOOL
Send Youngster Away Well Fed.
Unless the school child has food that
nourishes brain and nerves as well as
muscles the child •will not develop as it
Ehould.
Brain wastes away daily Just Ilk© the
rest of the bo<5y and must be rebuilt and
th<s / only way to do this Is by the proper
food selected for Just this purpose.
: A schoolgirl cf Worcester, Mass., wrote
en interesting article about her experi-
ments with food to study on: "Two years
epo I had Indigestion so bad that food
did not nourish m« and I lost a great deal
cf flesh and ctrcngth and was always
Buffering from trouble in my stomach.
I could not study, for my head always
seemed clogged up.
"One day at school I noticed that one
of the girls had a box cf Grape-Nuts. I
. "ackhd her ebout it and from what she
. told :r.e made up my mind to try the
food.
. "As the result, of eating Grape-Nuts
three times a day in place of Improperly
•elected food I have at last found the
way to permanently cure my indigestion.
•Grape-Ni:!s food Is light, delicious and
digests vithout trouble, the heavy feel-
ing in rr.y stomach is gone and I have
been gaining flesh rapidly ever since I
made the change to Grape-Nuts. .
"Not only is the Improvement physical,
but 1 feel so much better and clearer In
ray head and I have more ambition than
I have ever known before. I used to feel
po faggrd cut in my brain and stupid
and had headaches, but that Is all gone
end now I feel like a new person.
"I am absolutely certain that Grape-
•i.'uts helps me get my lessons, because
now I can sit for hours and study and
. accomplish a great deal, while when I
was living on th« old diet I would simply
thrre and accomplish nothing.
F-, To t»>n tho truth. Grape-NutB, as I tell
BJJ my friend*, worked a miracle in my
<35 «' M >' raothrr is signing this letter to'
; confirm all the statements I have made."
-»ame given by I'ottum Co., Battle Creek,
Mich. '
Lock in each package for a copy of
rvIuvllTe?" 3 IUUe b °° kf " Tbe Ro< * d tO
ADVERTISEMENTS.
j||||ii/Ary trio
jc55^2vjm59 T&S-3P9 1 B TT" 4 Bat
SIOK HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
JAtao piiis.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspcps!s,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drovrsl-
mss, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tcngua
P»in in the Side, TORPID LIVER. Thej
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill, Small Dose.
Small Price »
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
tHUSEUH OF ANATGMYf
\ Cj' T)> e Latest Anatomical Museum in the \
4/ I Jl_i World or any contracted A
' 5*5 SSJ di«a*e nrwl :>y th? oklc-i f
© J\iMj Speuaistca the Cottt E»t. 36 j-n\. 9
d flj&f* S C3. JORDAN-DISEASES OF KEN 4
\ »H!^5u Consultation free anJ itrktiy print*. \
0 5 Jj4£ H TriM!roe;lt p?"oniHy or by letter. A Q
\ H W Si H '•"'*•• £1 " r# '¦ erery «»*• undertaken. \
AvU lift w rite for Book. raiLO»orav.ri
* II II 9*nalAGE, XAIUD FK3&. (Af
A tJ ti valuable book for nj~n) \
" DILJuaDiS it CO . 1051 MurketSL.S. F. V
OCEAN TBAVEL.
e Steamers leav« San Frmn-
dsco a.s follows:
For Ketchikan, Wr&njrel,
Juneau. Hainea. Skagway,
etc.. 11 a. m.. Nov.
Change to company's steam-
ers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
„_ _ Tort Townsend. Seattle. Ta-< -
coma._ Everett, TVhatcom— 11 a. m. Nov 7.
ZZ\ ' ?• Dec - 2— Chanf?« at Seattle to
i tnis company's steamers for Alaska and O. N.
«y. ; at Seattle or Tacoma to X. P. Ry. ; at
: \ancouv e r to C. P Ry
For Kurcka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona 1:30
?•.??• Nor * 6 - 12 - 15 - -*¦ 30 D**- «: Corona.
1:80 p. m.. Nov. 9. 15 21. 27 Dec 3
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and .
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara
Santa Rosa. Sundays. f> a. r.i.
State of California. Thursdays 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harfoni (San
Lula Oblspo). Ventura and Huer.eme.
Coos Bay. Km., Nov. 8 17. 23, Dec. 3.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Nov. 5. 1.1. 21. 29. Dec T.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Ro-'
¦alia Guaymas (Hex.). 10 a m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to cbango steamers or sail-
Ing dates.
TICKET OFriCOCS— 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street and
Broad-way wharves. *
FreUht office. 10 Market streets .
C. D. DUNAXN. General Passenger Agent,.
10 Market street, San Francisco.
O. R. «& TV. CO.
"Columbia" rails Nov. 9, 19. 29. Dec 9. 19.
29. "George -5V.- Elder" sails Nov. 14 24.
Dec. 4. 14, 24. Only steamship line to PORT-
LAND. OR., and short rail line from Portland
to all points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail at LOW-
EST RATES. Steamer tickets Include berth
and meals. Steamer galls foot of Spear st.
at 11 a. ml S. F. BOOTH. Gen. A*t- Prns*.
Dept., 1 Montgomery st.; C. CLIFFORD, Gen.
Agt. Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery gt.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK— SOUTHAMPTON— LONDON.
St.Louls.Nov.l4,9:30 am|3t.Paul.Nov.28,9:3O am
N.York.Nov.21. 9:30 amJPhlla...Dec. 5. 9:30 an
ATX^AXTTXO TBAITSPOBT LOTfi.
New York — London Direct. r
M'n't'a.Nov.l4,l:30 pn-.j Mlr.ne'ha.Nov. 2.?, nooa
Mln' polls. Nov. 21, 7 a;n, VIenominee, Dec. 5,9 am
Only First-class Passengers Carried.
DOMXHIOIT LINE.
Montreal— Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Canada Nov. 23/Cambroman ....Dec *
Bo*too Mediterranean w«ct
AZORES— NAPLES— tiENOA.
Vancouver Sat., Nov. 21
BBS STAB UXnS.
Kew York — Astwarp — Paris.
Vad'ld.Nov.l4,10:3O am|Zeerd.Nov.2S. 10:30 am
Kr'nld.Nov.21. 10:30 ami Finland. Deo.5.10:30 am
WEITE STAB LINS.
Kew York — Qneenitown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Armenian. Nov.17,3 pm Teutonic. Nov. 25, noon
Oceanic. Nov. 13, 6 am Cedrlc.Dec. 2. 2:80 pm'
Cymric. Nov. 20. 6 am Arabic. Dec 9, 9:30am
Boitoa— Qneenitown — Liverpool.
Cretlo Dec. 10. Feb. 11
Cymric Dec. 24. Jan. 28. Feb. 23
bostos Mediterranean sbbvxcb
Azores, Gibraltar, CTaple*, Genoa,
ROMANIC Dec. 6, Jan. 18. Feb. 27
REPUBLIC (new) Jan. 2. Feb. 13, Mar. 28
CANOPIC Jan. 80. Mar. 13
C. D. TAYLOR, Passenger Agent Paclflo Coast.
21 Post St.. San Francltco. >¦.¦¦ ¦¦ -*
ixJ^SiuiS. nARSEiuLts. cwqaSiI j
fef NAPLES erALEXANDBlA. eGTPT.^J
ROMANIC. Dec 5, Jan. 16, Feb. 27, Apt. 9
REPUBLIC (new). Jan. 2. Feb. 13, Mar. M
CANOPIC ..Jan. 80. Mar. 13
(Send for rates and Illustrated booklet.)
These steamers are the larreet la Medi-
terranean service.
First class, 175 and ISO upward. wceorCXng
to date of sailing.
Boston to Liverpool o ae ;lwn
CRETIC Dee. 1». F«b. 11
CTMRIC Dec 24, Jan. 23. J"»b. 23
First class. $00 upward. For plaaa, etc.
address
WHITE STAB LETO. 77-O State «U •
Boston, or to C D. TAYLOR, 21 Post st. ,
TOYO KISEN KAISHA. -
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
eteameni will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA,
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe <Hlogo).
Kagasakl and Shanghai, nad connecting . at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc Xo
cargo received on board on day of sailing. ¦
B. S. HONGKONG MARU „...
...; Thursday. December 3. 190C
8. B. NIPPON MARU (Calling at Manila) .
Wednesday. December 30. 1903
S. S. AMERICA MARU
Monday, January 23. 1904
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office, 421 Market street.' corner First. |
y W. H. AVERT. General Agent. ;
S. S. SONOMA, tor Honolulu. Samca, Ancle-'
land and Sydney. Thursday. Nov. 19, 2 p. m.-
B. B. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, Nov. 28.11 a.m.
B. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti, Dec 1, 11 a. m.
4J.J?l£nRJl8Ul.t3,ljt»..Til3tO3cs,!43liitt3 '
I flfcrtE2a.aa atrbtJl.PSrla. 7. ttsSs li
C0XPA8SH GEXEaiLB TBASSATUIJTIW* '
DmECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. _^^«w "
Sailing every Thursday instead o(4RfKfi-
Saturday. at 10 a,.m.. from Pier 42, •SsBbbss5I >
North River; foot of Morton street. ,.t
First-class to Havre, $70 and upward. S*c-,*
ond-class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AM>'
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agrnrai 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. .
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mare Island and Vallejo Steamer*. *;
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
0:45 a. m.; 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:43 a. m.. 8:3O p. m. Leave Vallejo..
7 a m.,' 12:30 and 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day, 7 a. m. -4:13 p. m. Fare, 80 cent*. T»l-'
Main 15CS. Pier 2. MUalon-st. dock. HATCH ~
rtnrvq. — —
ADVERTISEMENTS^ ,-
8 ule J CIy fc lind i « fr ««*' v «ly I" ¦•! c«»«« o' Ntrvous Headache, 6lcK
$$$Q$$^ o i*3PV Lu . mbt J» 0 ' 8e«-8ieknei«, Car-Sickness, Irritability,
Periodic, Bearing-down and Ovarian Pains. • - *
§$§S«$ * u* 1 Z tT7 f 1 ?*?" 1 tbftt _ii* ve fo H n<1 roch a P«tfeet remedy
:S$CS$$S for heaOacb*. I had a muwtroke while in the army, and «ver
CvccsSSS since have suffered greaty from h«aaach« and biliousness. Tho
only thins that ever g*ve rno any relief is Dr. Miles* Antl-Paln
SSSSSSS; P" 18 . wb J? h J 1 !?^ S»«**actory results for a number
ccc^s« of yeara."— M. S. BAJLLARD. 9a Catllna Ave., Pasadena, Calif.
S$CSCS*v "I have frequently usod Dr. MlleT Anti-Pain Pills for Nen-
vNSSSSsS ralfia. and they Invariably give spetdy relief. Also in traveling.
sivsNNsSx am never without them to prevent drowsiness and headache."-—
NNNsSSxS E. L. BAKFORD. itgr. Etna Springs Hotel. Etna Springs, Calif.
v§oc$$$i "Two years ago I had a severe, attack of La Orlppe. and waa
SS5SSSS» under tho doctor's care for five days without any relief. Then I
SSSSNSSS bought a box of Dr. Miles' Antl-Paln Pills, and five Pain Pills
L SNSSSSSx iw cured me. A short time ago I had another attack, but thanka
to the Pain Pills I was soon cured, taklnr only three of the
lV>XN>X>>xysy* Pills."-JOHN N. PUBTTEMAN. Olendale, Ore.
§NSXS^s: Neuralola, RheumatUm, Sciatica, Bac»caeh«, La Grippe, Pain In
SSSSSSSS stomach. Aguo Pains, Indlaeitlon, Dizziness, Nervoutnesa and
S>>S!nSn£ 8leepleMne»».
"Once, and often twice a week, for years I have had spells
sS^vsJvV" - of dull., heavy pains across the forebead accompanied with.
§$$$$$$: pains in heart arm and nhouldera. 1 find Dr. Miles' Antl-Paln
nS$Sc$^ Pills very beneficial, one tablet usually beln* sufficient to stop
:^C$S§$$ the para.\'— MRS.' LfcONA ELDER. Wnwrtland. Calif.
$o$o^^^ "1 could not ret along without Dr. Miles* Antl-Patn Pills.
vSSSSS>S They give me almost instant relief from almost any pain.
§S$$SSX' ' I Klve them to all of the children, even tho baby, and we feel
SSSS$$SS J no bad effects afterwards, as one does from JQOstj medicines."—
MRS. IRA ALLEN. 208 Indiana Ave.. Riverside. Calif.
'L §§§§§!L Dr. Mllea' Antl-Paln Pills are sold by all drugaltta, 2S cent* •
box. under a positive guarantee that the first box well benefit
l^ttMM&Mi or money refunded. ~ - .
I he Genuine Dr. Miles' Remedies are neyer sold at Cot Prices. *TO SAIL.
The French «hlo Europe, ; which arrived at
Portland- on Tuesday, was chartered prior to
arrival for wheat to Europe at 19s 3d.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping. Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
United States Coast and . Geodetic Survey-
Time and Heights of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San •: Francisco
Bay. Published ' by official authority of
the Superintendent. %}:'.*. ¦¦¦*"-•¦¦ :
NOTE— The high and low. waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25 min-
Sun, Moon and Tide.
¦¦•¦ Tbe Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at. noon to-day
t.:^. at noon of . the - 120th - meridian,-' or at 8
p. m., Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant U.S. N., In charge.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchanpe, San Francisco, Cal
November. 11. 1903.
Time Ball.
The steamship Gaelic, bound for this port
from the Orient, arrived yesterday at Honolulu.
The tug Sea Rover is still 'at Astoria, unable,
en account of the rough weather, to cross tbe
bar with tfce ship Two Brothers.
The vessels detained at Grays Harbor have
not yet hetn able to proceed to sea on account
of the rouKh weather continuing. - .
The ertny transport' Logan is due here Sat
urday. She is bringing ten troops of the Fif
teenth Cavalry, 617 enlisted men, 10 sick and
2 insane.
Water Front Notes.
Collides With Pier.
The stemtsshlp. Yucatan, which arrived yes
terday at New York from Colon, damaged three
plates and broke her rudder in a collision with
the wharf.
The 10.CC0- ten pile of coal In the Dunsmulr
yards, which has been heated for several weeks
past. Is still emoklng, and yesterday a large
force of metf* was engaged In* the task of re
distributing the fuel bo that it could be cooled
down with the water, which at present does
not seem to reach Rie hot places.
Coal Still Smoking.
The army transport Thomas was sighted oft
the Farallones late yesterday afternoon, but
entered the harbor too late to pass quarantine.
She brings Troops <3 and H of the Fifteenth
Cavalry. 114 enlisted men, 120 casuals. 32 sick,
2 insane patients and 33 general prisoners.
Tfansport Thomas Arrives.
Wednesday, November 11.
Stmr Prertlss, Ahlstrom, 10 hours from
Benders Landing; bound to San Pedro; put In
for passengers.
Stmr Eanta Monica, Olsen, 90 hours from
Grays Harbor: bound to San Pedro; put In to
land passengers.
Stmr Brunswick, Johnson, 13 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr Noyo, Ellefsen, 15 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Bonita. Alberts, 66 hours from San
Pedro and way ports.
U S stmr Thomas, Buford, 32 days from
Manila, via Nagasaki 25 days 16 hours, via
Honolulu .7% days.
Bktn Omesra, Mackie, 11 days from Colum
bia River. , ¦ - • ;
CLEARED.
Wednesday, November 11.
Stmr North Fork, Nelson, Eureka; The Chas
Nelson Co. ¦ •
Stmr State of California, Thomas,' San Diego;
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Stmr American, Colcord, Puget Sound, Ha
waii and Philadelphia; Williams, Dlmond &
Co. -
Schr Halcyon, Scbroeder, La Pax; Hlckman
& Masterson.
SAILED.
Wednesday, November 11.
. Stmr Prentlss, Ahlstrom, San Pedro. -
Stmr American, Colcord, Puget Sound, Ha
waii and Philadelphia.
¦ Stmr Santa Monica, Olsen, San Pedro.
Schr Wm Olsen, Rorvlk, Port Townsend.
Schr Onward, Thomas, Coquille River.
SPOKEN.
No date, lat 34 S, Ion 79 W, Fr bark Mare
chal rte Turenne. from Antwerp, for Port Los
Angeles.
Per U S stmr Thomas— Nov 10, lat 35 05 N,
Ion 128 44 W, Br ehlp Wayfarer, from Ant
werp, for San Franclaco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT. LOBOS, Nov. 11, 10 pm— Weather
thick; wind SE, velocity 24 miles per hour.
. . DOMESTIC PORTS.'
REDONDO— Arrived Nov 11— Stmr Santa
Cruz, from Port Harford; stmr Melville Dollar,
from Astoria. •
VENTURA — Arrived Nov 11 — Stmr Whit
tler, hence Nov 10.
Sailed Nov 11— Stmr Whlttler, for San Fraa-
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Takes Valuable Cargo.
The British ship Dundonald. .which was
cleared for Bristol and will sail probably to
day, will carry one of the largest and most
valuable cargoes of grain that , ever left this
port. It includes. 69,257 centals of barley and
20.261 centals of wheat, and is valued at
$104,460.
tury English . was the ; native speech of
perhaps 20,000,000 of men and women,. and
at the close of the century it was spoken
by 130.000.000. ; . - . , .
Orertfue ships listed for reinsurance are as
follows:
Charlonus, Bunbury to United Kingdom, out
129 days, 10 ser cent.
Daisy, Belize to United Kingdom, out 96
Cay?, 85 p«r cent.
Fifeshlrc. Manila to New Caledonia, out 96
days. 25 per cent.
Paris, Hamburg to Honolulu, out 1SS days,
20 per cent.
The Overdue List
Steamer. For. | Sails.
Humboldt..'.. Skagway & Way Ports. |Nov. 12
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 13
Santa Ana. . . Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Nov. 1(1
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. lo
Dolphin. Skagway & Way Ports. | Nov. lf»
Valencia Rkagway & Way Ports. Nov. 19
Cottage City.. Skagway * Way Ports. Nov. 27
Al-Kl Skagway & Way Ports. |Nov. 20
FROM SEATTLE.
The structure consists of a concrete pier
surmounted by a white two-story wooden
buiMlner. with a brown roof, a square tower
rising from the roof at Its southerly end and
the trumpet projecting from . the westerly aide
near the northerly end of the building. The
tower is surmounted . by . a circular lantern
Bray, with black roof. '
An ollhouse is located a few feet northerly
of the lighthouse, and a derrick at the extreme
northerly end of the Dier. ¦ . •
On the game date the temporary flxed white
lens-lantern light, located on a small island
northeasterly of Lincoln Rock, will be per
manently discontinued. (Lighthouse Iioard bul
letin No. 14S, paragraph ¦ 28.)
Bearings are magnetic and given approx
imately; miles are nautical; -height In referred
to mean high water. By order of the Light
house Board. ¦ J. , J. HEAD,
Bear Admiral, U. S. Navy, Chairman.
The approximate geographical position of the
light, as taken from chart No. 8200 of the
United States Coast and .Geodetic Survey
will be: Latitude, north, W degrees «l minutes
(31 seconds): longitude, west, 132 degrees 41
minutes (35 minutes). Small Island ofT Point
Stanhope, right tangent, E 13-1U S, 4U miles-
Coffman Island, ripht tangent, SW W \v :
Blashke Island, left tangent, W 11-lG s 7U
miles; Marsh Island, left tangent, N\V 9-16 NT
On ths same date there will be established
in the structure a Daboll trumpet, operated
by compressed air. to sound, during thick or
foggy weather, blasts of three- seconds' dura
tion, separated by silent Intervals of twenty
seven seconds, thus: Blast, 3 seconds; silent
interval. 27 seconds; blast, 3 seconds: silent
Interval. 27 seconds.
«. A r I T A^ KA 'T L i ncoln Rock lltnt nation <LI«t
or Lights and Fog Signals, Pacific Coast, 1903
page 48, No. 212; list of Beacons and Buoys!
Paciflc Coast. 1903, page SO). Jl
Notice is hereby given that on or. about
£f,rt? * ' f, ¦ a flxed whlte -»Kht of the
fourth order. Illuminating the entire horizon,
«vili be established In the structure now being
completed on Lincoln Rock (submerged at hteh
water), easterly elde of the northerly end of
Clarence Strait, about ten miles east-south
easterly from Point Nesbitt. .
The focal plane of the light will be 57«i
feet above tbe water and «.%( feet above the
!£\ 8e th. t he t0W f r> and the n * ht wm vls 
lble thirteen miles in clear weather, the eye
of the observer fifteen feet above tha sea.
\eseels should not attempt to pass to the
northeastward of the llEht.
Notice to Mariners.
Captain Thomas D. E. Wilson, who has
charge of the stevedoring for the Paclflo Mall,
Toyo Klsen Kaisha and Occidental and Oriental
Eteamshlp companies, was taken violently sick
yesterday with what proved to be ptomaine
poitoning. He wm removed to his home, where
he will rerasln under medical treatment until
he recovers, which. Tn view of the captain's ro
bust constitution, will bo probably within a
few daj-E. A derelict bivalve masquerading
with coma »*aworthy brothers and concealed in
the sauces of an oyster cocktail is the accred
ited cause of the captain's suffering'.
Is Down With Ptomaine Poisoning.
Captain A. B. Milne of the British ship
Dundonald has been four months in port
and will sail to-day. On Tuesday night
he decided to see the sights and met May
Smith, a woman of the half world. They
had several drinks together and early yes
terday morning Captain Milne had the
woman arrested on a charge of grand lar
ceny for stealing $75 from him. The case
was called before Police Judge Mogan
yesterday and was continued till this
morning.
Ship's Captain Sees the Sights.
clseo.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived N'ov 11— Stmr Na
tional City, hence Nov 10.
WHATCOM— Arrived Nov 11— Stmr Rainier,
from Seattle.
SEATTLE— Sailed Nov 10— Stmr Bertha, for
Valdez.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Nov 11— Stmr South
Bay, from San Diego.
Sailed Nov 11 — Stmrs Samoa and South Bay,
for San Francisco: schr Mabel Gray, for Eu
reka.
EVERKTT— Sailed Nov 11— Stmr Grace Dol
lar, \ for Pan Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed in Nov 11— Stmr George
Loomis. hence Nov 7, for Seattle.
CLALLAM BAY— Passed In Nov 11— Schr
Columbia, from Ballard. for San Pedro: schr
Forester, from Seattle, for Redondo: schr Oli
ver J Olson, from Everett, for San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Nov 11— Schrs
Snow & Burgess and Gamble, for Manila.
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Nov 11— Schr
Laura Madsen, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA — Arrived Nov 11 — Stmr Columbia,
hence Nov 9.
ISLAND PORTS.
HILO — Arrived Nov 9 — Bark St Katherlne,
hence Oct 17. •
HONOLULU — Arrived Nov 11 — Br Btmr Gae
lic, from Hongkong: schr Alpena, from New
castle, Aus; bark Alden Besse, hence Oct 17.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK — Arrived Nov 10^ — Stmr Yuca
tan, from Colon.
Sailed Nov 10 — Stmr Allianea, for 'Colon.
CAPE HENRY— Passed Oct 10— Br stmr
Katanga, from Junln, for Baltimore.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Nov 10— Ship
Arthur Sewall, from Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
GIBRALTAR— Passed Nov 10 — Br stmr Tre
bla, from Manila, for New York.
MONTEVIDEO — Arrived Oct 10— Br stmr
Condor, from Coronel.
ANTWERP— In port Oct 80— Br ship Speke,
from Port Los Angeles. ,
SINGAPORE — In port Oct 28 — Br atmr
Oanfa, for Victoria and Seattle.
HAKODATE — Sailed Nov 11 — Stmr Stanley
Dollar, for San Francisco.
. NANAIMO— Sailed Nov 11— Br «tmr Wye
fleld, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Nov 11— Stmr Car
pathia. from Liverpool, for New York; stmr
Saxonla,- from Ltverriool. for Boston.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 11— Stmr Penn
sylvania, from Hamburg.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Nov 11— Stmr Teu
tonic, for New York, via Queenstown.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Nov 11— Stmr Kai
ser Wllhelm der Grosse, from Bremen, ¦ for
New York.-
GLASGOW — Arrived Nov 11 — Stmr Hun
garian, from Montreal." for Liverpool.
NAPLES— Arrived Nov 8— Stmr Roma, from
New York.
COPENHAGEN— Arrived Nov 8— U S stmr
New York, via Chrlstlansand. •
HAMBURG — Sailed Nov 11 — Stmr Anubis.
for - San Francisco.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 11.— San Joseans are to
be given an automobile meet next Sunday,
when Barney Oldfield will attempt to
make a new record for a mile. Agricul
tural Park, where the meet is to be held,
is well suited for .fast racing, and Oldfleld
will attempt to beat his record of 55 4-5
seconds for a mile. The San Jose Motor
Cycle Club is to have charge of the races.
Besides the riding of Oldfleld there will
be a. number of other races. There will
be five and ten mile races by. Oldfleld In
addition to his going for the mile record.
The programme will include races for
motor cycles, light runabout automobiles
and touring cars, and a number of outside
entries are expected. Agraz and Limberg,
professional bicycle riders, will meet in a
five-mile race.
Oldfield to Try for Record.
Steamer. Destination. Sall3. Pier.
November 12.
Phoenix.... Mendoeino City ... 1 pm Pier 13
Chico Coquille River 6 pm Pier a
Centralia... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma. 2 pm Pier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt l:30p|Pier u
State of Cal. San Diego & Way. 9 amjpier 11
Queen Puget Sound Ports 11 amjpier l)
San Pedro.. Humboldt :... 10 am I Pier •»
November 13. |
Empire Coos Bay direct .. 12 m Pier 1.1
Bonita Newport & Way...] 9 am Pier 11
November 14. f
Arctic Humboldt 12 m Pier 10
Redondo I-°s Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier Z
S. Barbara. Seattle & Olympia. 4 pm Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena | 4 pm Pier 2
San Juan... N. T. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
G.W.EIder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
November 15.
Eureka Humboldt 9 am p; e r 13
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Coronado... f-os Angeles Ports. |lo am|Pier 10
Corona Humboldt |1 :30 p| Pier 9
November 10,/
S. Monica.. Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos B.& Pt.Orford 10 am Pier 13
November 17.
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way 9 am Pier 11
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
November IS.
Korea China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
November 10, |
G. Lindauer Astoria & Portland| |
N. Fork Humboldt '. . 5 pm Pier 2
Sonoma .] Sydney & Way Pts. 2 pm Pier 7
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
November 21.
Colon N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Nevadan... Honolulu : 3 pm Pier 20
Rival Willapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 2
November 22.
Umatiila... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom) 4 pm|Pier 10
The steamer Curacao, which sailed on Sat
urday for Guaymas. carried an assorted mer
chandise cargo, consigned to the port of des
tination and the principal Mexican ports, val
ued at $75,380, and including the following:
0470 gals 22 cs> wine. Its pkga groceries and
provisions, 521 cs assorted canned goods, 47,828
lbs rice. 185 bbls flour. 105 cs canned salmon,
143 cs 07 gals whisky, 4 cs brandy, 20 cs min
eral water, 1420 gals vinecar, 2056 lbs 22 cs
meals. 571 lbs codttsh, 2052 lbs nuts 425 lbs
peas and beans, 741 pkgs paste, 124t>* lbs ham
and bacon, Mio pgs potatoes, 411 pkgs onions
12CO pkgs fresh fruits, 4200 lbs dried fruit, 25
pkgs fresh vegetables. 56 cs olives, 3197 lbs
tea. 1S76 lbs 3 cs cheese, 4808 lbs 19 cs spices
24:;0 lbs 20 cs bread, 34.t>00 lbs coffee, 3254 lbs
16 bags sago. 20 ctls barley, 1210 lbs 12 cs
raising, 2145 lbs sugar. 284« lbs 2 cs butter
ltt cs baking powder. 200 flasks quicksilver,
330 pkgs paper, <> cyls gas, 49 bales bags, 217
pkgs paints and oils, 62 cs assaying supplies
GS bdls 3ti pes steel. 103 bdls 181 pes iron 37
cs fuse. 503 pkgs machinery, 94 bdls wire
77 pkgB electrical supplies. 73 pkgs tank ma
terial. 1000 pes 454 crts firebricks, 67,500 lbs
cement, 25 bxs candlea, 109 pkgs nails, 2W>
colls rope, 6 cs ammunition, 27,491 feet lumber
3170 lbs resin, 8(J sks coke. 21 car wheels, 4503
lbs soda, €802 lbs nitrate, 8 bdls shingles 762
bdls shocks, 10 pkes sewing machines, 8* bdls
oars, 8 cs soap, 1670 lbs bluestone 92 pes rails
The Curacao's Cargo.
The steamer American, which was cleared
yesterday for New York, carried as cargo from
this port S1.060 cs canned salmon, consigned
to New York, and 5175 cs for Philadelphia.
Canned Salmon for the East.
The steamer Santa Monica, bound from
Grays Harbcr for San Pedro, put In here
yesterday to land passengers. She sight
ed the Nelson in tow of a collier at 2
p. m. last Monday, thirty miles south of
Cape Blanco. The Nelson was entirely
submerged astern and the collier was
making slow progress with her tow.
Investigation into the abandonment of
the steamer Charles Nelson was begun
yesterday morning by United States Local
Inspectors Bolles and Bulger. Captain
Thomas Gundcrson told a straightfor
ward story and the other officers testified
to a similar state of facts. The steamer
was abandoned at eea on Friday morn
ing, November 6, about fifteen cr twenty
THE collier that has hold of the
! waterlogged derelict Charles >Tel-
Eon is havine a hard tussle and
is making slow progress with her
prize. Everything points to its
being the Edith Captcin Hall, and if it
is the Charles Nelson will probably be
brought to port. Hail is one of the ablest
navigators on the coast and is a thorough
seaman. His steamer is stout and able
and if the job can be done Hall will do it.
The steam schooner Lakme is probably
by this time in the vicinity of the Xel
son, as is also the tus Defiance. The
Lakme has great power for a steam
schooner and the Defiance is one of the
most powerful tugs on the coast. Be
tween the three vessels, the Nelson should
be saved.
miles off Umpqua. At the time of the
abandonment the ship was almost full of
water. All the crew, twenty-flve in num
ber, and the nine passengers were taken
off in the two lifeboats.
The captnin stated that when the vessel
was being abandoned there was no disor
der or accident. Two days before the
abandonment a fierce gale sprang up and
strained the vessel, causing her to list to
port. She began to leak so badly that
steam was ehut off from the engines and
utilized for the pumps to keep the ship
afloat. While in this condition the port
lifeboat was washed overboard and two
of the sailors volunteered to go after it
with the liferaft. They rescued the boat
and brought it to the lee of the steamer.
By orders of the captain, who kept
cool during the whole time, all the
crew and the passengers put on life pre
servers and took to the boats. After
floating for twenty-four hours they were
picked up by the tug Sea Rover, which
transferred them to the steamer Tltania.
They were landed in San Francisco last
Monday.
The inspectors have taken the case un
der advisement.
The British thip Crown of Scotland proceeds
to Putet found to lead lumber for Sydney at
27s 6s; ootlon of Adelaide at 30s.
The bark Star of Bengal Is chartered for
sugar from Honolulu to Delaware Breakwater.
The British ship Belford, previously reported
chartered for lumber to Australia, is free.
The British ship Ben Lee proceeds to sea in
ballast end the German ship Industrie and the
French ship Leon Blum go to Australia in bal
last.
Steamer. . From j Due.
Chico Coquille River |Nov. 12
Edith.. Tacoma |Nov. 12
«. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Nov. 12 i
Arctic Humboldt Ncv. 12 i
San Mateo... Tacoma Nov. 12;
S.Barbara... Han Pedro I No V, 12
Colon New York via Panama. |Nov. 12
Kantn Rosa . . . Pan Diego & Way PortSjNov. 12
Point Arena.. Mendoeino & Pt. Arena. JNov. 12
Montara Seattle |Nov. 1.1
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orford|Nov. 13
Czarira Coos Bay |Nov. 13 j
Hureka Humboldt |Nov. l;>
Corona Humboldt INov. V.i i
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports |Nov. IS I
G. Lindauer. . Portland Nov. 14 j
Kedondo Humboldt Nov. 14
Chehalis Grays Harbor [Nov. 14 1
¦ Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports j Nov. 14 ,
1 S. Monica San Pedro |Nov. 16 !
l'omina Humboldt (Nov. 10 i
Columbia Portland & Astoria.... Nov. 16!
North Fork . . . Humboldt - - Nov. 10
BUt* of Cal. . San Diego &. Way Ports Nov. 16
Nevadan Honolulu |Nov. 17
Gaelic China & Japan |Nov. IV
Bonita Newport & Way Ports.|Nov. 18
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom (Nov. is '
Umatiila Puget Sound Ports (Nov. Is
City Sydney.. New York via Panama. |Nov. 18
Abydos Hamburg & Way Ports. (Nov. M
Rival Willapa Harbor ...... |Nov. 10
I Nlcaria Seattle INov. 20
: Alliance Portland & Way Ports. |Nov. 22
Puppy stakes, twenty-four entries — Fiddler
vs. Pursuer; Recruit vs. Norah Hill: Gunpow
der vs. Paciflc; Rlchochet vs. Rose of Gold;
Nellie Wise vs. Blue Craig; Finoola ve. An
zella; Rose Tree vs. Rialto; Frank Dunn vs.
Rockaway; Falrstone vs. Jlgstep; My Grafter
vs. Tralee Maid: Fine Thoughts vs. Spring
heels; Tralep Lass vs. Hawkeye.
Open stake, sixty-four entries — Remisso Anl
mo vs. Articulate; Bonnie Pasha vs. Harvey M;
Donnybrook vs. America; Anchor vs. Vandal;
Mellinwood vs. Wattles; Amandan vs. Rene
gade Apache; Grace Greenwood vs. Young
Johnny Rex; Precita Maid vs. Redwood Lad;
Rocklin Boy vs. Duhallow; Thelma vs. Sem
pronius; Medley vs. Otto; Vina vs. Luxury;
Conroy vs. Emin Bey; Glancing Pasha vs. May
Connolly: Game Boy vs. Rural Artist; Ad
vance Guard vs. Barge: Reno vs. Rockefeller;
Lord Goff vs. KIttleman: Rapid Water vs.
Liberator: Consort vs. Melrose; Snapper Garri
son vs. Flora Temple; Ml Amlgo vs. Adonis:
Tricksy vs. Hurry On; The Referee v«. Frisky
Boy; Lord Granard vs. Pepper Jack; Rubber
Ankles vs. Pepper Hill; Tralee Boy vs. Mar
guerite; Mickey Free vs. Flora Belle; Old
Ironsides vs. Ragtime; Irvington Tralee vs.
Rock and Rye; J E H vs. Eastlake; Roulette
vs. Van Nora. '¦:-'::'/¦
As there are eighty-six courses to be
run the first brace of 'puppies will bo
Blipped at 10 o'clock. The 10:15 o'clock spe
cial train will take out the older dogs.
The draw last night resulted as follows:
Rubber Ankles, the California grey
hound which won the American Waterloo
some days since, is back on the coast
again fresh from her Eastern triumphs
and will start in the open stake Sunday
at Union Coursing Park. Grace Green
wood, which was among the last eight in
the big stake this year and am6ng the
last four last year, is also entered.
The puppy number attracted an entry
of twenty-four baby coursers, of which
sixteen have never started before.
TO ARRIVE
Movements of Steamers.
utes later than at Fort Point; the height of tide
Is the tame at both places. ¦
THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 12.
Sun rises 6:JS
Sun sets .' 3 a. in.
| Moon rites 0:00 a. m.
C ITimel |Tlme| jTime| |Time|
¦ I 1 Ft. I 1 Ft. i «J Ft. | j Ft.
? |H W| |L W| [HAY] It. W|
12 6:C0| 5.2|l77r>0| 2J5| 5:30| 4.6|11:51| O.S
13 «:50| 5.41 1:UO 2.C|7:0U| 4.5l |
L \V |H W |L W |H W|
14 0:57 1.1 7::>!t 5.5 \:t>s- 1.4 SU2| 4.0
15 1:50 1.8| S:24| 5.7 2:4:1 0.8| 0:20l 4.7
10 2:37 1.7| »:06| 5.9 3:31 0.3|10:21| 4.8
17 3:21| 2.0| 0:4C| 6.0| 4:1S|— 0.2111 :14| 4.0
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column ana the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the U:rited States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depjh given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Rubber Ankles Returns
After Her Eastern
Triumphs.
WATERLOO WINNER
TO START HERE
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 11.— Adolphus
j Ammerman and his wife are suffering
j from eevere injuries received last night
| In an automobile accident, in which they
had a miraculous escape- from death.
Miss Ammerman, who was with her fath
er and mother, escaped without injury.
The party had been touring in a new
gasoline autocar and were returning from
Pasadena by what is known as the adobe
road. As they neared the city limits a
team was met and in attempting to give
the horses plenty of room Ammerman
steered the automobile too close to the
edge of the roadway. The machine
plunged down a ten-foot embankment and
turned over.
Ammerman was thrown out and severe
ly cut and bruised. His wife was pitched j
headlong against a fence and seriously
injured. Although Miss Ammerman was
pinned down under the heavy car; when ¦
she was extricated it was found that she
had not been hurt. The car was running
at a\hifi:h rate of speed when the acci- ,
dent occurred. j
I MERCED, Nov. 11.— The jury in tne
case of Leigh Ingalsbe, charged with the
murder of Henry Cowell, the millionaire
lime manufacturer, returned a verdict of
acquittal this morning after having been
out all night. The lawyers for the de
fendant sprang a surprise yesterday by
submitting the case -without argument.
Hiram Johnson of San Francisco and F.
II. Farrar of Merced assisted District At
torney Hoar in the prosecution. The de
fense was conducted by F. G. Ostrander
of Fresno, G. G. Goucher of Madera and
W. M. Gibson of San Francisco.
Ingalsbe shot Henry Cowell last March
and was acquitted on a charge of assault
to murder on the ground of insanity.
Cowell's death followed in August and
now his assailant is acquitted of the mur
der charge. The defense in the murder
triaJ claimed that Cowell's death did not!
result from the bullet wound.
The trial lasted a month and cost the
county more than $10,000.
Occupants of Car Narrowly
Escap3 Being Crushed
to D=»ath.
Trial of Defendant Ccsts
Merced County More
Than $10,000. .
Machine Plunges Down
an Embankment acd
Turns Over.
Find Him Not Guilty of
Killing Millionaire
Cowell.
AUTOMOBILISTS
ARE BADLY HURT
JURORS ACQUIT
LEIGH INGALSBE
Santa Monica Reports Having Seen the Waterlogged Vessel Off Cape
Blanco in Tew of a Collier Supposed to Be the Edith, Which
Was .Making Very Slow Progress With Her Unwieldy Prize
COASTING STEAMER SIGHTS
DERELICT CHARLES NELSON
THE FAN FB AK CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1903.
BRITISH SHIP DTJNDON'ALD, WHICH HAS CLEARED FOR ENGLAND AND WILL. PROBABLY SAIL TO-DAY
WITH ONE OF THE LARGEST AND MOST VALUABLE CARGOES OF GRAIN EVER TAKEN FROM HERE
ON A SAILING VESSEL.
10
| The Only Double-Track Railway Between
the Missouri River and Chicago.
The
The Most Luxurious Train in the World.
Electric lighted Throughout.
Buffet-smoking cars, with barber
and bath, Booklovers Library, din-
ing cars, standard and compartment
sleeping cars and observation cars.
Less than three days San Francisco
to Chicago daily without change, via
Southern Pacific,
Union Pacific and
Chicago & North-Western Rys.
I-eaves San Francisco daily at io.oo a.m. Two
other trains daily at S.oo a. m. and 6.co p. m.
For tickets, sleeping car reservations and
full information apply to agents Southern
Pacific Co., or
' R. R. RITCHIE,
I General Agent Chicago it North- Western Railway.
617 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
NW»7 ' '
I CALIFORNIA |
I LIMITED TO GHICAGO g
I Leavos Mondays and Thursdays g
9 at 9:3O a. m. f through In 3 days, 1
I with diner and all trappings. s
Other Santa Fe Trains :
! 7:30 a. m. ) for StocktotJ> Fresno, BakersStld,
l : 03 p' m' f Merced » Haaford and VtaUia.
¦ 4.00 p. m. for Stockton.
¦ 8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Graad Canyon and
I Chicago.
Ticket Offics: 641 Market St., and Parry
De-pot. S. F. Also 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCU ANU NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Toot of Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN EAPAEL.
WEEK DAYS — 7:30, 0:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:3o,
:i:iiO 5-10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11 :30 p. zn.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 9:30, 11:00, a. m. ; 1:30. 3:30,
f»:€0 fi:20. U:S0 p. m.
SAN EAPAEL TO SAN PBAITCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:05, 7:35. 7:50, 0:20. 11:15
a m.: 12:50. 3:40, 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturday? — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:CO. 9:40, 11:15 a. m.; 1:10. 3:40,
4:55, 5:05, 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect J ¦ Arrive
San Francisco. I Sept. 27. 1003. ,|San Francisco.
"Week | Sun- | Destlna- j Sun- I Week
¦ Days. | days. | tion. | days. | Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a' 0:10 a 8:40 a
9:;:0a Ignacio. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3::!0p 3::*0p 6:05 p 6:20 p
. 5:10 p 5.00 p 7:35 p
7 30 a 9:10 a 8:40 a
8:00 a Xovato, 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma, 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 pi 3:30 pi and 7:35 p
| 5 -<X> p ! Santa Rosa
7:30 a 10:40 a|10:20 a
S:0Oa Fulton. 7:35 p| 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p| |
(Windsor.
Healdsbursr. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Geyserville. 7:35 p 6:20 p
| | Cloverdale. |
7:30 a! 8:00 al llopland 110:40 a|lO:2O a
3:30 at 3:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:35 pj 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 al Willits. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a! 110:40 a!10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 pf Guerncvllle. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a I 8:00 a| Sonoma. I 0:10 al 8:40 a
5:10 pf 5.C0 p| Glen Ellen. | t>:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a! 8:00 al 110:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p| ."5:30 p| Sebastopol: | 7:35 p ti:20p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quenttn; at Santa Rosa- for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton fcr Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers. Boonevllle and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs
Kelseyville, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakel
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurvl
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Lpper Lake. Pomo
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerly's'
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville, Orr's
Hot Springs. Halfway House, Comptche. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoeino City.- Fort Bragg
Westport. Usal; at Wllllta for Fort Bragg
Wcstport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. Laytcn-
vllle, Cummlngs. Bell's Springs, Harris, oi-
sen'M. Dyer, Garberville, Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 630 Market street. Chronicle
bU Hf l cf WHITING. R. X. RTAN^ V "
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pans. Agt.
THE WEEKJFCALL
$J1 per Year.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
(M»ln Line. Foot of Market 8tra«t >
"l»at« — Kkom Qctob«k 21. 1903. — a»»it»
' 7.00* BenlclaL,8ulsan,Elinlr»aad Sacr* "
mento !•?>'
7.00a VscstIIK Winters. Ranuer 7 65^
7J0* Msrtinez. San Ramon. Vallejo,
Kapa. C»li»toira, SanU Bois 6-25p
7J0a Nlles. Llrermore. Tracy. Latnrop.
8v«ckton 7.2Sp
8 00* D-.- .s. Woodland. Knights Landing.
Ziiu-ysvllle. OroTiUe..... ......... 755p
8 00a Atlantic Exprenn-Ostlen »nd East. 10.2SA
810* Port Costa, Martinez. Antlocn. By-
ron.Tr»cy.8toclctuD.aacramento,
Newman. Lo* ll«no», Menduta,
Armona. Lemoore. Uaaturd.
Vlsnlla. Porterrllla 4JSr
8 X0a Fort Costa, Martines. Tracy. Latn-
rop. Modesto, Merced. Fresno.
Gotten Junction, Lemoore, Haa-
ford. Vlsalla. Baltersneld 4 55?
8.3CA Shanta Express— DaTls, Williams
(for Bartlett Springs). Wtllows.
tFrnto. Ked Bluff. Portland 7-53?
8.30a Ulles, San Jone, Ll»ermore. Stock-
ton, lone, Sacrnmec to. PlacerfUle.
MarysTille. Chico. Red Elaff 425p
8.30a Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown. So-
nora. Tuolumne and Angels 2 - ?5 F
9.00a Marlines and Way Station* -SXr
10.00a Vallejo- _..,....„ 12.25#
SO.QQa " ~
Ton cosxa, jaarunez. Uyroa.
Tracy. Lathrop. 8 toe k ton.
Merced, Raymond, Fresno, Haa-
ford. Vlsaila, Balcersflsld. Ui
Angeles ¦• «"Westr
1 boand arnTes TiaCVast Line)... «l30f
1000a Tbe OTerland Limited — Ogden.
• Denrer. Omaha. Chicago. f Z&r
1200m Bayward. Niles and "Way Sutlons. 3.25F
nOOr Baeramento Rlrtr Steamers t11.00*
330r Benida, Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland, Knights Landing.
Marysville. OroTllle and way
stations •• ..?•...•••-.•. iu*o»A
3.Z0r HaywarU.NIles'andWay Stations.. 755»
3 30r Port Costa. Martinez, Byron.
Tracy, Lathrop. Modest*.
Merced. Fresno and Way Stv
tions beyond Port Costa 12.25P
330p Martinez. Trscy, Stockton. Lodi... 10.25a
4C0r MartInex.8anU»mon,ValleJo,Nap«,
Callstoga, SanU Ro»a 925a
4 COr Klles. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4.25p
4Z0r Hayward. Klles. Irrinstoo. San (, t8.55A
Jos*. Llvermora I :11.55a
BOOr Tbo Owl Limited— Newman. Los
lltnos. Mendota, Fresno. Talare,
Bakertoeld. Los Angeles 855*
B.OOr Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton....... 12.25r
f 5 iOr Hsyward. Klles and San Jose 7.25a
COOr Hayward. Klles and San Jose 10-2Sa
COCr Oriental M»ll— Os'len. Dearer.
Omaha, St. Louis. Chicago and
Fast. Port Costa, Benlcla, Sul-
sun, Elrairs. Davis, Bacrameoto^
Rocklin. A uburn, C o 1 f a z .
Truckee. Boca, Reno, Wads-
worth, Wlnnemacca, Battla
Mountain. Elko 4.23*
S.OOr Vallejo, daily, except Sunday.... t 7 eg.
7-CSp Vallejo, Sunday only f '' aa
7.C0r 8an Pablo, Port Costa, Martinei
and Way Stations. 11.25a
CX6p Oregon ± California Expreis— So
ramento, MarysTille, Reddiag.
Portlaad. Puget Sound and Xait. 8.69a
S.I Cr Bayward. Klles and San Jose (Saa-
daronly) 11.55a.
COAST LINE (-""arrow (iangs).
(Foot of Market Street.)
8.15* Newark, CenterTllIe. San Jose.
Felton, Boulder Creek. SanU
Cruz and Way Stations 6-55*
t2-15r Kewark, CeatervIKe. San Joia,
New Almaden. Los Gatos. Felton,
Boulder Creek. Santa Crux and
Principal Way Statlous 10 55a
4. 15' Newark. San Jose, Los Oatos and
way station* 18.55 a
39 30r Banters Train. Saturday only, San
Jose and Way Station*. Sunday
only return* from Los Gatos t7 25*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rrom SAK FRAK CISCO, *'oot of Market St. (Slip*)
-n:13 »:0O 11:00 aJI. 100 300 615 pm.
Krom OAKLAND. Koot of Broadway — t«:0O «:«
t8:03 1U:00a.M. 12 00 200 400P.lt.
COAST LINE <Uroad Uaaso).
tS~ (Third nn.l f ownsend Street*.)
610a SanJoneand Way Station! 8 ZCr
7 00a S»n Joee and Way Stations ... 5 3Sc
8 00a Kew Almaden (Tues., Frld., only), i-IQr
8.00a CoaitLlne Limited— Stops only Saa
Jose, Gilroy (connection for Hol-
11»ter), Pajaro. CMtroTllle. Sa-
linas. San Ardo, Paso Roblea,
6antaMargarlta,Sao Luis Obiapo,
Principal stations thence Surf,
(connection for Lompoc) princi-
pal stations thence Santa Bar-
oar* and Los Angeles. Connec-
tion at CastroTtiis to and from
Monterey and PacISc Gruve 10.43V
8.00a Ban Jote. Tres Pinos, Capltola,
£antaCruz.PaciHcGroTe,Sallnaa,
San Lnti Obltpo and Principal
Way 8tatloD« 4-10r
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations. 1-20v
11. 30 a Santa Clara, San Jose, Los Gatos
and Way Stations 7.30p
130p San Jote and Way Stations 3 3Ba
i-LOr Paciflc Grore Express— SantaClar*
B»n Jose. Del Monte, Monterey.
Pact9c Grove (connects at Santa
Clara fur Santa Cruz. Boulder
Creek and Karrow Gauge Points)
at Gilroy for Holllnter. Tres
Pinos. at Castroville for Salinas. 12.18*
S-ZCr Gilroy Way Passenger 51045a
t4 45r San Jose, (via Santa dara) Los
tiatos. and Principal Way Sta-
.c t« tlous (except 8unday) t9-28A
<530r EanJoieandPrlnctpalWayStatlon* t8.0UA
8.C0r Boniet Limited, Eaatbound.— San
Luis ObUpo, Santa Uurhara. Los
Angeles, Iteming. £1 Paso. Kew
Orleans. Kew York. (Westbound
.„¦¦¦• arTlTesTl»S*nJ«MiqulQValloyl... ir9-25A
fS.15f SanMateo.Beresfoni.Belmont.8an
Carlos. Ketiwond. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto 18 48 a
P.70P San,Jo«e and Way Stations 8 36a
11 .30* South San Francisco. M (librae. Bnr-
Hnsravne. San Mateo. Belmont,
San Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and 1'alo AUo...... 9 4Sp
• H-SOr Mayfield. Mountain View. Sunny-
vale. Lawrence, Santa Clara and
San Jowe t9-45*
Aforilornlnx. P for Afternoon.
I Sunday only.
t Etops at nil stations oa Snnday.
t Sunday excepted. a Saturday only.
«V la Coast Line. u Via San Joaquln Valley.
%w Only trains stopping at Valencia St.*outsNjund
*»««: 10 a.m.. t7:CCU.Jl -.11:30 a.m.. 3:30 P.M. and«:30r.M.
HCAZADERO, ETC.
via Sausalito Terry.
Suburban Service Standard Gauge_Electrlc— -
Depart from San Francisco Dally— ..op. 8:00.
»:0o. 10:00 ll:0O a. m.. 12:2O. .V .V
4:15 513 "615 700 9:45. 10:2O, 11:45 p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
-Daily-5:23. «:a3. 7:40. 8:M. 0:^5 11 :W
a. ra.. 12:20. 1:45, 2:55. o.io, 4:15. 5:45, 6.1J.
8:45 10"20 p. m.
FKOM MILL VALLKT TO SAX FRAN-
SStSS^R^A*^fei SIS:
'^^^••^hU-ghtkaiks.
8:no a. m. week U*ys — Cazadero and way
stations
:>:!•> i*. m. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations.
Sun<i«v« only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyes ana
way stations.
tiCive.1 OFFICE— 626 Market st.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave YU 3jas&U«> ?«rr; Arrive
San Francisco t««X «t lui.n S^ San Fran dsco
Week Sun- tnra '¦ Sun- Wee*
Dn>-^. days d^ys Days.
•18:33 A*8:OO A f^itS^St l*:O3rl0:4Cl
•1:45c »:OOa TO^»£i@^7 l:«f»:5-ir J
S:lSrlO:OOA 2:5 >P •">:"»<»'• "^
„... 11:O»a 4:»Of 9:S0f
*Caaa«rt Tith it*g» tu - * ttjtm sad TUkw Cu#
TtCltr I 626 Maxkkt ST.,(N*prta Shore RailroMl)
077ISB | and Sausauto Kurv. Foot Market St.
I Where Does It Go?
| *' That is a question we are asked every day — ?
1 where does the Rock Island System go? The ;
1 answer is: Pretty nearly everywhere east of !
I the Rockies and west of Chicago.
g From Denver to Peoria and Chicago. :
1 From El Paso to Kansas City and Chicago. j
i From Ft. Worth to St. Paul and Minneapolis. |
1 It is nearly 8,000 miles long; runs through :
1 fourteen States and Territories and operates
I the most extensive system of through cars of \
I any line crossing the continent. {
i Our time tabl: and our (older "Across the Conti-
0 Tsx&^Sxg^m? nent in aTourist Sleeping Car'*|vefuUbformation; „
£ J|^3^*jrjq*J^I F. VV. THOMPSON*, General W«t:rn Agent,
H |^^^jTj[i > j[|wTO| 623 Market Street, San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Its least virtue is that
it lasts so.
Soap is for comfort and
cleanliness.
Pears' soap cleanliness-
perfect cleanliness and
comfort.
Sold all over the world.
W0fA tLDOm£l> I
SOLD E.VER.YWHEXE. B
HILBERT MERCAJf'i'ILK CO.. H
Paciflc Coart Affenta. £fSTOCKS MARKET.
EASTERN MARKETS.
FOR WEDNESDAY. \ NOVEMBER 11.
Flour, qr eacks.": 6,4»5 Feed, sacks "....' ."200
Wheat, centals.'. 10,S8(i Alfalfa seed,. sks 7
Barley, centals. 45,215 Tallow, centals. 255
Cats, centals... 6T>0 Pelts. 1 number.. 1,800
» orn, centals ... 12;Hides, number. . Jt.W
Beans sacks... 5.420,Qulcks!lver, flks 305
Potatoes, sacks . 2. 21 0 ( Leather,- rolls... 113
Onions. ' sacks .. 300IRalsins, . boxes..' , 2.000
Mus.' seed. 'sacks 181 jfugar, centals ..¦ 1.250
Bran, sacks .... 2,755 1 Wine, gallons... 133, 700
Middlings, - sacks , 390, rhlcory," barrels. 30
¦Hay tons ..... 484'Paper, reams... . 40
Hops.bales .... 148. Wme. barrel* .. - 690
Wool,; bales .... 7891
Receipts of Produce.
Sterling Exchange made another pronounced
decline yesterday and Is now: down to the re
markably low quotation of $4 7994 for 60-day
; bills. Thi« figure la so very low that It has
been touched only two or three times. Silver
is also off sharply, and lower rates seem to
be the rule all around.
Sterling , Exchange, 60 dayi. — $4 79«i
Sterling Exchange, sight........ — 4 M» t
Sterling Exchange, cables..;..... — '4 84*i
New York Exchange, sight. ; — ' 02%
' New Tork Exchange, telegraphic. ' — "05
: Silver, per ounce- .-...- — ' ¦ • 66%
Mexican dollars ................. — ' 44
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The Chicago ¦ market ¦ continues ¦ to
decline. Foreign cables show nothing new
worthy -of mention. * . \~
Locally the situation remains • about the
same. Futures rather lower again. .
CASH WHEAT. /
California Club. $1 40@l 46; California White
Australian. $1 5091 66; Northern Club. $1 400
1 42H; Northern Bluestem. SI 60©l 65; Oregon
Valley, $1 40©l 45 per ctL B
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
~ Open. High. > Low. Qose.
December ..$1 3Sfc $1 38^ $1 37% $l 37%
May ....... 1 87% 137^ 1 36% 1 36^
'¦2p.m. Session.
" Open. ' High. Low. - Close
May ...... ..$1 36« $1 36% $1 86V4 $1 8«U
December ..1 37* : 1 37^, « 1 37% 1 37^
BARLET— In i addition to ' the 250 tons of
Chevalier reported a few days ago. the British
bark Inverkip will take out 1 for Australia 250
tons more, making 500 tons. In all. She will
also take 760 tons Brewing.',- ¦ * , . .-. . ..•.•-
The local. market was"" weaker yesterday "W-'
ln» .to. the. rain,- and. cash; Feed -was quieter.
Futures shaded off somewhat.."' '\-'- y
1 - CASHiBARLET.
. Fc«d, $1 13?i<ri 15; Shipping and Brewing,
Exchange and Bullion.
- Eggs continue scarce, and as the demand has
Improved materially • of late the market < rules
firm nt a further advance. About half the
trade report themselves practically cleaned out
of fine ranch eoods. . Sj^PSSKS^SSE
Cheese rules plentiful and weak; at previous
Butter maintains the advance without diffi
culty and is Quoted firm with moderate stocks.
Receipts were 14.600 lbs Butter, -650 .cases
Eggs and 36,500 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. 31 @32c for extras and
265i 20c for seconds; dairy. 21@25c; store But
ter. l"V>@19c; cold storage. 24©26c; Eastern,
23ff25c per lb. '
CHEESE— 12@12%c for ihe general market'
130-13>4c for. select mild new and 11@11W C for
lower grades: Tountr Americas. 13%@i4c : East
ern. 16V4til6Hc;. Western^ 14@15c per lb.
. EGGS — Ranch; 42H©45c for choice and 37%»
40c for small and -, mixed colors ; ; store, nom
inal; cold storage, 27^@32Ho;; Eastern, 27%©
30c for fresh and 25©2Cc for cold storage.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Weather Report.
<12r«th Meridian— Pacific TTrne.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 11—5 p. m.
The ?ollowlrjr are the seasonal rainfalls to
<iate as compared with those cf fine date last
eeason and rainfall in Ian twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
i^^ff-::::: 026 2.20 ..w
Sacramento J 0.^0 3.31
Tncir^encV':: 0.£ T O.S9
Faa Luis Obispo .... O.00 O.*6 3.20
\jry% Angeles £.00 O.43 2.39
Fan Diego 0-<*> 005 lot
THE COAST RECORD-
———~~ ~ _ -x
I if n :f 'p I
S |3 || ?=; 2= ?
BTAT1OX8. - 5 £ s§ ?- -
-i c - c . — n — •
• C C • "-¦•'•* S
.-»¦: • ¦ -¦ ¦ m «1 •
, .... a "» • • - • v
Baker 29 -68 46 .. NE Snow .18
OarioYl 2»C8 54 44 W Pt.CIdy T.
r^-reka » »8 •'•« SS EE Cloudy .7«
j^Son W.04 68 52 W Cloudy .06
iCe-ao. 30.08 63 Z9 SW Pt.Ody .00
riaxstaff 29.90 M 26 NW Clear XH>
SK5S3S!.:S:S S H S r S
%r 0 JZ a "-»-g% Z U KW P^dy^
tSSSMSSi « S iw S^y :S
Point Wes... 80.00 M .. W Rain .02
Red Bltiff ....23.94 M M FE Rain .26
*acra™-n» ...23.02 00 48 S Cloudy T
P»n Fraod«oo.30.C« 60 4S BW Rain .00
g U. Obl«po...30.12 C« 50 W Cloudy .00
lanDlesoV. --»*'»«* 52 *™ Pt-Cldy .00
geattie 23.64 42 84 SE Cloudy .24
Spokane 23.60 34 28 W Clear .10
Tatoosh 29.C0 48 .. W Rain .08
TTalla Walla .25.62 50 .. EW Cloudy .06
ffar??v.:ia s « y g t % y y^
TTEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A storm of marked lnterslty U sweeping rap
idly over the northwestern portion of the coun
try. The pressure has fallen more than half
an Inch durUur the past twenty-four hours
ever Wyomirr- It bas risen half an Inch In
the part twelve boors over Washington.
Tbe dirtarbanee bas been marked by ' g*n
*rous rains orer the Pacific slope north cf San
FrarxUco an! hlrh wlnCi both on the coast
sund inland.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Careen City. 64 miles per hour from
the •outbweex: Winnearncca. 60. southwest;
Walla Walla, 46. southwest ; Baker City. S\
EXireka, 86. southwert; Red Bluff,
• S6 southwest; Portland, 82, west; Pocatello,
80,' south; Lander. 22, southwest, and Port
Crescent, SO. north.
Forecase made at Baa Francisco for thirty
hours ending midr.lght November 12:
Northern California— Cloudy, unsettled
weather Thursday with showers; cooler; fresh
*°Fouihe l rn California— doody. unsettled
weather Thursday, probably showers; fresh
southwest wind*. BBSS&& _
Nevada — Cloudy vrlth rain or snow Thurs
day; nrach colder; high west winds, dlminlsh-
Francisco aad vicinity— Cloudy Thurs
day: probably shower*; cooler; fresh southerly
,-lnos. c 5^ a S Si McADIE. District Forecaster.
The market for local Poultry had a firmer
tone as receipts were light, 'the demand steady
and there was no Western offering. Large
young Chickens had the most call and Fryers
and large Hens were quoted higher. . Livn
Turkeys were In free supply and continued
easy. Dressed etock was offering . in small
quantities and met with quick sale at good
prices.
Game arrived freely and was easier, as re
tailers were liberally supplied from the pre
vious heavy receipts and were backward buy
ers anticipating heavy receipts and lower
prices to-day. Teal. Widgeon and Mallard
Ducks were quoted lower.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 20@24c per
Ib- live Turkeys. 17@19c per lb for young and
14®16c for old; Geese, per pair. $1 75©2; Gos
lings $2©2 25: , Ducks. $465 per dosen for
old and $5<S6 for young; Hens, $4 50®5 60 for
small and $6@7 for large; young Roosters. $5 50
©6- old Roosters. $4 50®5; Fryers. $5@5 60;
Broilers $3 50®4 for large and $3@3 60 for
small- Pigeons $1@1 25. per "dozen for old and
$2<S2 25 for Squabs.
GAME — Mallard Ducks, $4@5 per dozen;
Canvasback, $4®7 ;. Sprig, $4@4 60; Teal. $1 60
fll 75- 'Widgeon. $1 50@l 76: small Ducks,
*l 60; Gray Geese,, $303 50; White Geese, $1®
2; Brant, $1 50 for small and $2 60 for large;
English Snipe, $3; common Snipe. $1 75;
Wild Doves. $1 25; Rabbits. $1 75 for Cotton
tails and $1 25 for Brush; Hare, $1 25@1 60.
Poultry ami Game.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 5®5#c: San Quentln, '
5.65c; Wool Bags. 32@35c; Fleece Twine. 7%
©8c; Cotton Fruit Bags. 6V4c, 6%c and 7Uo for
the three grades ; Brown Jute, 6i£@7%c.
COAL — Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington $S: Seattle, $0 50; Bryant, $6 50; Bea
ver Hlil *5 50; Stanford. $7; Roslyn. $7; Coos*
Bay $5 60; Greta. $7; Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond. $7 60; Cumberland.- $13 in bulk and
$14 25 in sacks Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel, $8 60 per ton: Coke. $11 60®
13 per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 80 per long ton. according to brand.
OIL— Linseed, 40c for boiled and
47c for raw In barrels; - cases, 6c more:
Castor Oil, - in cases, No.- 1, 70c: Bakers'
A A. $1 1OH1 12; Lucol. 44c for boiled and 42c
for' raw In -barrels; Lard Oil,- extra winter
strained barrels. 85c; cases. 90c; China Nut,
6&@70c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot, in barrels,
75c; cases. 80c; Sperm, pure, 75c; Whale Oil,
natural white. 50055c per gallon; Fish Oil.
in barrels. 50c; cases, 65c; Cocoanut Oil. in
barrels 68c for Ceylon and 55c for Australian,
COAL OIL— Water White, Coal Oil in bulk.
15tic; Pearl Oil In cases, 22c; Astral. 22c;
Star 22c; Extra Star.' 26c; Elaine, 28c; Eocene.
25c;' deodorized Stove Gasoline, In bulk, 17c;
In cases 23Hc; Benzine, in bulk, 13c; in cases.
19 %c; 86-degree Gasoline, 'In bulk. 21c; In
cases. 27 %c.
TURPENTINE — SOc per gallon In cases and
74o in jdrums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6%®
7c, per lb; White Lead, 6$®7c, according to
quantity. - *
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany-quotes as follows, per lb. in 100-lb bags:
Cubes . A . Crushed ' and Fine Crushed. 5.85c;
Powdered.- 6.70c; Candy Granulated. 6.70c; Dry,
Granulated line, 6.60c; Dry Granulated, coarse. 1 !
5.60c; Fruit Granulated. . 5.60c; Beet Graau- ¦
lated (100-lb bsgs only). 6.40c; Confectioners'
A 6.60c: Magnolia A. 5.20c: Extra C. 8.10c;
Golden C. 6c; "D," 4.90c; barrels. 10c more;
half barrels. 25c more; boxes. 60c more; 60-lb
bags* 10c more > for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels 6.10c; boxes • 6.35c; H. St B. Crystal
Domlnos : 8.60c -¦ per lb. . - No orders . taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
General Merchandise.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo.. Nov. 11.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts 2570: steady to 10c higher. Cows and
heifers, $1 75©4 60; stockers and feeders, $2 50
64.
HOGS— Receipts, 8100; 10@20c lower. Light,
$4 6004 90; medium and heavy. $4 40@4 85.
SHEEP— Receipts. 1481; steady. Top lamts,
$5 25; ewes, $3 25. y~- .
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 11.— Wool, nominal; me
dium grades, combing and clothing. 17021 We;
light and fine. 15@17V4c; heavy, fine, 12Q14U,c
tub washed, 20@30c.
-Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Nov. 11.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 73c; blue stem, 77c; valley, 75©76c. ¦
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Nov. 11.— WHEAT— Unchanged ;
blue stem, ?9®80c; dub, 75@76c.
ST. JOSEPH
CHICAGO. Nov. 11.— CATTLE— Receipts,
22,000, including 2500 Texans. Western,
steady. Good to prime steers, $5 2&@5 65; poor
to medium, $3 25@4 76: stockers and feeders.
$1 75©3 25; cows, $12564 25: heifers. $2®
$4 60; canners, (1 25@2 25; bulls. SI 7594 25:
calves $2 60<@7 60: Texas fed steers, $2 75®
3 60; Western steers. $3^t4 25.
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 25,000; to-morrow,
25,000; steady to 5c higher. Mixed and
butchers'. $4 60@5 05; good to choice heavy,
$4 4O@4 90; rough heavy, $4 10®4 50; light,
$4 5004 90: bulk of sales. $4 5O@4 75.
SHEEP — Receipts. 26.000; sheep and lambs,
steady. Good to choice wethers $3 754&4 25;
fair to choice mixed, $2 75@3 25; Western
sheep $3 50^4 15; native lambs, $455 75;
"Western lambs, $4 25@5 10.
CHICAGO.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. 8©9c: Cows and Heifers,
7®8c- thin Cows 4$5c per pound.
CALVES — l@4%c per pound (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 3%@4c; Ewes, 3Vi@3}jc
per pound (gross weight).
LAMB3— 4*4©5e Per lb.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 150 to 250 lbs. 5%@6%c;
under 150 lbs. 5@5Wc; Sows. 20 per cent off;
Boars 50 per cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
. Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6®7c for Steers and 6©6o per lb for
Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7@8&c; email. 8@9Uc per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers. 7%€TS%c; Ewes. 8@8&c
per lb.
LAMB— 9%@10c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 7%®9o per lb.
LIVESTOCK . MARKET.
DRESSED MEATS.
Hogs are easy at the decline already, noted.
Otherwise there is nothing new* to report.
Meat Market.
Previcus prices ruled for Potatoes and the
market continued quiet. Fancy Salinas and
Oregon Burbanks wars' In small • supply- ana
steady while cheap stock, particutarly river
kinds ''was abundant and easy. A car of
Sweets came in from Merced and sold slowly
at the long established price. Fancy Onions
were in good demand and firm, while common
offerings were very dull.
Fresh arrivals' of Peas and Beans from Los
Angeles met with -a good demand at fair
prices, while poor and carried-over stock went
begging at 75c@$l 25 per sack. Lima Beans.
Summer Squash and Cucumbers were in lim
ited supply and steady, while other descrip
tions were in excessive supply and easy. Re
ceipts of Tomatoes were light and occasional
lots of strictly fancy stock sold above the
quotations but poor stock, which constituted
the bulk of the supplies, sold slowly within
the quoted range.
POTATOES^ — Burbanks from the river, 60@
75c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $l<gl 35 per ctl;
Oregon Burbanks. "OcGfl per ctl: River Reds,
5045 «C.c prr ctl: Sweet Potatoes. $1 25 per ctl.
ONONS — 80#92V4c per ctl for fancy and 50®
©"So fm lower (trades. ¦<
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, 2@3c .per lb;
String Beans. 2%@3c per lb; Wax. 3S4c; Lima
Means, SM:®4Wc per lb; Tomatoes, 25@50c per
box; Summer Squash, 75c per box; Cabbage, 60c
per ctl ; Carrbts, 75c per sack; Cucumbers, 60®
75c per box; Garlic. 4#5c per rb; Green Pep
pers 25® 4Oc per box for Chile and 40@C0e for
Hell ; Green Okra, 60OS3C per box; Egg Plant,
5O4ItX)c per box; Marrowfat Squash. |10@15 per
ton; Hubbard, $15@20.
Potatoes , Onions and Vegetables.
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour,' active but weak; No. 3 spring wheat,
7.1076c: No 2 red. 76*4@79T4c; No. 2 corn.
42^4c; No. 2 yellow 43«-ic; No. 2 oats, 34«ic:
No. 3 white. 33%@37c: j; 0- 2 rye; 6314c; good
feeding barley. 83@3Sc; fair to choice malt-
Ing barley. 4SS66c: No. 1 flax seed, 01c; No.
1 Northwestern. 95%c; prime timothy seed.
$2 40; mess pork, per barrel. $11 C2%@11 75;
lard, per 100 pounds. $6 S5@6 87*4: short ribs
sides (loose) $7 2537 75; short clear sides
(boxed). $6 75©« 87 M:: whisky, basis of* high
wines. $1 25; clover, contract grade. $10 50.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 63,200. 19.800
Wheat bushels 424.000 - 69.200
Corn, bushels .' 810,200 173,200
Oats bushels 4S1.300 112.200
Rye' bushels 19.000 3,500
Barley, bushels 373,000 9,700
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was, steady. Creameries, 18021 Vjc;
Dairies, 14£lSHc Eggs, firm, 21%@23V4c
Cheese. 10©llc.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL. .
Wheat— - Dec. March. May.
Opening 6 4% 6 4V* 6 3<*
Closing 6 5 6 4Vi G 3^
PARIS.
Wheat — Nov. Mar.-June.
Opening 20 85 20 95
Closing 20 85 20 95
Flour —
Opening 29 95 2S CO
Closing 25)05 28 60
Eastern Livestock Market.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
All descriptions under this head were In am
ple suoply and ' the market was dull;, as trade
was ¦ Quiet ; on , local t account owing • to the ¦ in
clement, weather, and there was nothing doing
In the shipping line.;- Grapes In small packages
were : steady.- and , choice offerings > of dry stock
in crates. were firmly held; in anticipation of a
good demand ; for shipment on the Puget Sound
steamer which sails < to-day. " Large open boxes
were easy and unchanged. The .'Apple market
was t heavily - supplied ¦¦>¦, and quiet, .• except * for
strictly fancy"' stock.- The recent ' arrivals : • of
fine Spltienbergs from Oregon were firmly held
at $2 26 per box and were in fair; request. ; but
the top : quotation • was -, considered ,. an .extreme
figure . for : California stock. Figs ; and late red
Plums ( were; offering In limited: quantities and
attracted, very •little: attention. • The 'other de
ciduous ; fruits ! were plentiful and ' prices stood
as previously; quoted. '.
¦ :New crop, navel Oranges were offering freely
at $3@3 25 per. box, but I moved slowly, as > the
stock. wae too green. to Invite custom. , Tbe first
carload • of > the season came In ¦> * from ' Porter
viHe: < The Jaffa? that arrived on Monday were
offerlng.'at $2 : 50@2 75 jperbox.; a declined but
no ' sales v were ¦ reported. : Other Citrus .ffuiu
were : quiet . and f eaturelei's. ; ¦ . . _
- STRAWBERRIES^Longworths, $5^10 per
: The feature of local securities was the 'sharp
drop int Spring Valley, Water from $38 60 • to
$36 /There • were no . other variations wide
enough to call . for , notice. - Trading, though
light was better than of late. .The oil stocks
were dull. ' with Home selllnr up to $1 again.
¦ Ex-dividend yesterday: California-street
Railroad Company, . regular monthly, 75c per
share,' amounting to $7500. v. ,
¦ * California Powder Works (new corporation)
will pay;a regular monthly dividend of 60 cents
per share on November: 20.- .¦¦:¦_ •. .. : .- • ,
• - A -. rexular ¦ semi-annual dividend at the rate
¦ of .7." peri cent' per 'annum ..will :be paid- by the
Canadian Bank of. Commerce on November 30.
¦-¦ West Shore , Oil - Company : paid on Novem ber
la regular monthly, dividend of 6c per share,
amounting to $5000. '' :*l»E^»S3aHWH(|
¦v The Poeey Consolidated Mining Company has
levied an • assessment of 6 cents per, share/ de
linquent December .; 11. - v- ' ' '• -''¦:¦- /
-:«\ The i stockholders i of ; the San Francisco Sav
ings «Unlon^ have- -nominated :the old " board of
directors for. re-election an dthey will voted
for; at r a > meeting ; to \ be held > on ; December I5. 
.Tbe i board > Is • composed : of . E. • B. Pond, W. C."
B. s de ¦ Frenwry.1 Bobert .Watt. Henry F. r Allen.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHAJTOB.
• Following were the sales on - the - San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange board yesterday:
Morning - Session.
100 Caledonia .....1 001100 Ocerman 16
$00 Chollar ...... 12 tdo Overman ..... 15
{00 Con Cal A Va.1 05 r.00 Potosl 10
t00 Con Imperial.. 03 !00 Savage .". 15
100 Crown Point... 12 100 Sierra . Nevada. 31
WX> Exchequer .... ,13 tOO Silver Hill ... 57
100 Mexican S3 100 Union Con .... 41
I0O Occidental .... 25 300 Utah ... ..... 12
100 Ophlr .1 43
•/ . " ¦ ¦ • ¦¦- Afternoon * Sesston. '
600 Alpha ........ 05 BOO Ophir . . . ... .1 45
200 Andes ... .... 16 600 Savags ...... 14
600 Belcher 08 100 Sierra Nevada. 31
100 Caledonia ...... »7 <00 Union Con :... 41
100 Exchequer .... 12 TPO Union Con .... 43
• too Mexican ...... 82 100 Utah .:......? 12
600 Mexican . . . .. 81* ' . v .
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANQE.
! Followln» were the »ales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday :,. \ .
Morning Session.
; tOO Con Cal * Va.1 051 200 Mexican ft*
i 600 Con Imperial. 03J1000 Sesr Belcher.. 07
30O Crown Point.. 121 300 Union Con" .. "42
200 Gould & C 21| •
I Afternoon 'Session.'
: 600 Belcher *..'.."..' OB^ 300 Justice i . . ... 02
'200 Caledonia .... 97 500 Mexican ..... 83
.300, Chollar ...... 11 ICO Ophlr, ...... :l'4O
100 C Cal * Va.1 02« 200 Overman ...i t 15
' 100 Con Cal A.Vail 05 400 Savage ; ..;... : 15
500 Con ; Imperial. 06 300 Seg Belcher .. 07
300 Gould A C.:. 21 300 Sierra Nev... 81
600 Gould'ft C... 22 600 Union Con ;..' 43
200 Hale* Nor.. 511 400 Tellow -Jacket 34
; TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
< 4 Followlns; ": were the ' sales -. on - the Tonopah
and San Francisco Mining Exchange yesterday:
¦;/....;¦ - Morning .'Session.^
.200 Mont I Ton. .T'. . •¦; 97) 100 Tcnopah^Bel. 99
500 Rescue ... .. -04J 100 Tonopah Bel.' 8S
1 1000 Rescue ....;. C6| 200 Tonopah N S. 31
Mining Stocks.
63. block 123,-. Smmyside Addltlon.No. 1; $90O.
. r Builders' Contracts.
'. E. J.*t Ls Breton (owner) with J. St. ' D*nis
* ¦ Co. <i (contractors), architect : Albert Pl»«1s —
Painting and.tlntlns; for'butldlngii for Hom«
of *Ajred 'of the Little Sirters of the Poor, on
N line of Lak« street. 12OB of Fifth avwnu*.
E 34O.-N 780:6. SW 391 :0%. SB .703:5%: $8070.
' Congregational Sherith" Israel • (owners) -with
P,"? Noble ' (contractor). ¦ . architect • aam«~Steel
work .'for- Synagogue, building on NE corner
of California and Webster str-ets, E 133:6 by
N J 182:6;- $13,040. -----
¦ Samn- owners with Th» McGllvray Ston*
Company (contntctors>. architect same — For
same on same; $55,500.
Same owners with J. J. O'Connor (contrac
tor); architect sanw — Brickwork . for sam« oa
same; $17,050.
• Same owners with C. Chlsholm A Son (con
tractors) architect same — Carpenter ¦ work and
hardware for same on same — *3«,5<V>. -««an
Same owners .with Duffey Bros. • (contrac
tors) architect same— Plumbing, gasflttinc. Are
hos«»" reels, plumbing, flxtures. marblo work.
mosaic floors for same on sam-; $5495.
Sam* owners with J." R. Tobln (contractor),
architect ram? — Lathing? and . plastert&f tor
same - on same; $3390.
¦WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 11
Jacob and Kat« Goldberj to Mary J De-
P«w (wif» of C M.), lot on 8 line of Jack
son street. 127:8 E of Octavla. B 50 by S
Alfred and Carolina Auerbach to Max Gold
berg, lot on S line of OTarreU street 87 6 W
of Pierce, VT 25 by S 100- $10
Elizabeth O. Baldwin to Edward F Mohr
hardt. lot on N line of Filbert street! 165 E
of Devisadero, E 27:6. N 193. W 5 S 484 W
22:6. S 188:34; $10. ' »«•¦». w
Veronica C. Balrd to William Frlede. lot on
8 line of Page, street, 115 B of Aahbury E
60. S 137:8. V/ 40, N 12:6. W 10. N 123^'$10
William Colton to Jam*. M. Colton. tot on
N^r 1 g'g3r a V& 206 *" «' Bryan?
135 N of Twenty-first. N 25 by E 1228* JHo
Caroline A. Snook to Joseph anT Jennie
SsSuK i a 2f svhrssr itreet - w 8 ot
Of Kearny street. 62:10% N of California, v
17:104. E 62:6. S 17^4 woS\S
agreement a» to party wall between lot of
grantor and lot hereby conveyed; $5C00
Estate of N. Schmidt fby B. C Hawe*' ad
ministrator) to Henry E. Bothin. lot ra SE
" n 5 « A CT l mentln * ¦ tr * et - 2* NB of AnSony
•nd 810 NB of Second. NE 23 by SES75J
Wlillaxa and Bertha Muehe to Oeorge A
of Sixth street. 57 NW of Htrrtion. NW i«?
NE 72. SE O. inche. NB 37sE 75f*BW7»' ill
Herman J. and Mary A. Koch to Ellji J
Grahn. lot on B line of Carolina ttreet. 275 N
of Twenty-fifth. N 25 by E 100; $475/*
Lillian P. and Hugh T. Slm« to G«orze D
Toy. lot on NW corner of Twentlethalenue
and Lake street. W 57:8 by N 100; $10 * ¥#nnd
Charles O. and Llllie Nystrom to William
CockreU. lot on W line of Third aTenueTsS
S of Lake, etreet, S 25 by W 120- $10^
Calvin N. and Maud Laagton ' to * Jowph
Head, lot on NE corner of Seventh avenaiand
w^SVoT"*" N m:3% ' E s "*^
Charles L.* and Mrs. Cnarte* L. Bow»a (for
merly LUIey or Lillle M Kind man) and Viola
Hindman to Aaron Heringal undivided % ot
lot on NW corner of Eighteenth avenoe Tand
California street. W 29 by N 120; $10.
Same James and Jennie Hindman to aamn
same, quitclaim deed; $10. ,
Emily N. Jordan to Robert MllUgan lot
on NW corner of Forty-sixth aveaua and O
street. W 82:6 by N 10O; $10.
James McHaffie to Solomon Gets. lot on S
line of N street. 57:6 W of Forty-atxth avenue.
W 60 by 8 1C0; also lot on W line- of Forty
sixth avenue, 275 N of O street. N 25 by XV
120;. also lot on N. line of Q street, 57:8 e of
Forty-second avenue, E 73 by N 100; $10.
Solomon and Dora G«ta to Patrick Oracy. lot
on SW line of Brazil avenue. 60 SB of Lisbon
street. SE 25 by SW 100. block 23. Excelsior
Homestead; $10.
Jacob and Una Heym&n to Philip and Ails*
V. McCaU. lot 40. block 8. Holly Park; $10.
Jacob Hey man Company to msm, same' $10
Johan B. and Ellen P. Rette to Albert SchoenI
an, lot on S line of Powhattan street. 23 B of
Feral ta. E 25 by S 95; $10.
Henry. Caroline M. and Theodore Elbea to
Henry J. Eiben. lot on S tin* of Ltzxle street.
90 B of Mission (old line) and 73:9 E of Mis
sion avenue as widened, B 83:6 07 8 70. lots
43 and 44. Cobb Tract, and all Interest la estat»
of Dorathea A. Eiben: $10.
Thomas Moran, La Rue or Laruei T^wi» r
John Tonna. lot on NE Ua» of Nineteenth ave
nue. 150 NW of K street. NW 75 b% NE 100,
lot 14, block 866. South San Frandaco Home
stead and Railroad Association; $10.
Hamilton Miller to Hans and dim* C Han
sen, lot on N lln* of Merritt street. 15&39 W
of Hattte; W 25.06. N 76.87. B 23.18. S 73.5«.
lot 7, block CV Park Lane Tract; $10.
Estate of M. E. Arnold (by A. M. Smith,
executor) to Henry VTrtght. lot on N lla* of
Silver avenue. 200 W^ of Bamcvald ttreet. W
75 by N 15A. lots 0 to 11. 33 to 40, block 11.
People's Homestead; $3000.
! Daniel E. fcr Daniel Arnold ta same, same.
quitclaim deed; $10. ' - . .
Frederick W. and Mildred O. Peter* (by D.
W. Lorfn* and C F. Rtlllet (trustees) to Con
tinental Bulldlns; and Loan Association. 1571
D. 263, lot on N line of Merrltt street. 375. 90
W of Hattle. N S7.37. NW 25.15. SW 88.69, SB
25.06, lot 18. block C. Park Lane Tract, trustee*
deed: $515. .
William It. de Wotf to Bothflda M. Hlndrup.
lot on K line of Johnston avenue, 323 S of Point
Lobos avenue, S 25 by B 125. Johnston T>act
No. 1: $200. .-'."¦• • -- ¦. '¦ -¦
Botbllda M. Hlndruo to Violet EL Johaaoo.
lot on E lln* . of Johnston . avenn*. 829 S of
Point Lobos avenue, S 25 by B 12S,-aam*; |10.
• Arthur -L.- Little to. Oscar M»nchen. lot on
BE corner of Thlrty-thlni street 1 and Stanford
Heights avrane. 1 S ICO by B 53:4. lots 53 and
"RTIAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Receipts of Beans continue only about half
of what they were a fortnight ago, and if they
continue moderate the market will have a
chance to recover some ,of its lost tone. Prices
remain unchanged. Trade is still dull.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 16«2 40; Pea. $3<gZ 25;
Butters $3: email White. $2 90<83 10; large
White $" 2032 50; Pink, $2 153>2 i.5; Red. $2 60
©3- Lima, $2 73®2 95; Red Kidneys, $4 25;
Blackeye, $2 15©2 35 per ctl; Horse Beans,
«EEDS— Brown Mustard, $3; Yellow - Mus
tard $2 75@2 SO; Flax, $1 70®l 80; Canary.
C«i54c for Eastern; Alfalfa, 12813c; Rape,
1%©24c: Timothy. 6@«4c; Hemp. 8H@34c
per lb; Millet. 3S3^e: Broom Corn Seed. $20©
DRIED PEAS— Green, $1 S0®2 per ctl. " "
Beans and Seeds.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about 14c under quotations. Heavy . salted
Steers. 9c; medium 8c; light 74c; Cow Hides.
7%c for heavy and 74c for light; Stags. 5c:
Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal, 10c: Salted Calf,
104®llc; dry Hides. 15c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf ISc: Sheepskins, shearlings, 25@30c each;
short Wool. 40®'60c each; medium, 70@9Oc;
long Wool. $101 50 each: Horse Hides, salt.
$2 75 for large and $2^2 50 for medium. .$1 25
fl 75 for small and 50c. for Colts; Horse Hides,
ry. $1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $19
1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. - Buck Skins
' — Dry Mexican. 32c; dry salted Mexican, 25c;
dry Central American, 32c. Goat Skins — Prime
Angoras 75c: large and smooth, SOc; medium,
35c; small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 44c per lb; No.
2. 1 4c; grease. 24@3c. - , -> >
WOOL — Fall clip— San Joaquin Lambs' 9®
lie; Middle' County, ll®12c: Northern Free.
11012c; Northern Defective. 10@llc: Humboldt
and Mendocino. 12'@14c; Nevada, 13@15c; Ore
gon fine, 18<?19c; Oregon medium, 17c per lb.
HOPS — 20@23c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv,'Wool and Hops.
Bld.A«k.| BliAak.
4s qr coup.. .111 112 Us qr new. ,.1344135%
4s qr reg. ..Ill U2 J3a qr coup. .108 109
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
A 'a AW 6s. — — Do 5s — 108%
£*7 CPC 5s. — 1O3»; Do con 5s. — 104
Ca C O 5s. .104% — O W C g 6«. — 97
Cal C & E » Oceanic S 5s. 75 79
m & ct 6s. — 102% On C R 6s. .120 —
£*};" **•'•• — — Pac B Im 4b — 97
£ ? Wa 4 S*,^; 100% P E Ry 58.105 106%
E L * P 6«.12O — P AC H 6s. '
£ * c . H _«»- — Hi P4OR 6s.ll«4l20
If C t 5*-,^T,, 100 SP * 8JV5S.116U11T
Hon R T Cs.1044 — » ft of V «b.1124 —
L A Eleo 6S.10141054 S P of A 6s
£¦ A Uy BS.11241U <100B) .... — i<»
L A. L _Cp6«-— — <1910> ....— 109
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6a
t f^ £s- 102 ttI00 (1905)Sr A.10241OT
5j^f. \ c ™ «•• — 103 (1906)Sr B.103iiiaiH
Mkt-st C ««.118 — a906> ....1044106
S9.^, B^-V' 108 ~ 3 V W 6«.."lO6^ — ';
2o»S5"-~ "~ *"> ** 2dm - — 834
£ « ? S S*\~ " Do«* »dm. 99 —
S 2 i. H Bilw — - Stkn O&B 6s 95 102 tf
O T Co 6a I17H TJ O t, B 5s. — 105^
WATER STOCKS.
Contrsi Costa — 40. fPort Costa.. — —
Marin Co ... 61 — JSp V "W Co. 88 —
OAS AND ELECTRIC.
O«mt L A P. 8H 44 Sao B CMkR. _ —
B I* — WH9P O A B. 68% 69
Oak O L&H. — _. 8 r Oas ... 3 3«
Pao O Im.. — 55 Stkn O A B. 8 ~
Pao L Co... 55% — U O A E. .. J —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F O & E. 684 69
. INSURANCE.
Flrsm'a Fnd.320 - — . .
;ii,. BANK STOCKS.
Am Nat Bk. - 125 LPAA 170
I 4$ = SSch'K:: 5 !; =
F^atEn-i =¦ ™ SFN »^
SAVINGS BANKS.
S. r m 8 «**Pr ~ —-!»?* X- So. 85 10O
1 ««m SAL. — Seo Sav^ Bk.400 600
t Mutual. Sar.. 90 110 Union T Co - —
B F Sav U.600 . \ - -
STREET RAILROADS.
California. .. — 205 [Presidio .... 89 —
Geary ...... — 80 J
V-T '.: POWDER.
GI *nt 63 67 /Vigortt — 4%
SUOAR.
Hana P Co. 6O0 70c Kllauea 8 a — "e '
Hawaiian C. — 48 MakaweU C. 23% _
Honokaa S C 13 13«6 Onomea S C. — «2%
Hutch S P C 10% 104 Paauhau SC — 18
MISCELLANEOUS.
8 ** fack.140%150 Oceanic S C. — 6%
Cal Fruit As. — 94 Pac A F A. 3 lg
Cal Win* Aa, 90 — Pac C Borax.167 — *
Mornlsz Session.
Board—
20 Giant Powder Con ....• 65 60
40 Hutchlnson S P Co 1025
10 Oceanic S S Co ...... .. . « 00
COS F Gas A Electrto Co '.'.'. C9 00
125 SDrinar Valley Water Co 38 00
60 Spring Valley Water Co 37 S7?4
,50 Sorine Valley Water Co 37 75
100 Trust Cert (S F G & E) 69 00
#4000 sf^a s_j v bonds .....::::::iii75
$1000 Honolulu R T A L Co 6s 105 00
Afternoon Session.
. - • Board —
135 Hutchinson S P Co 1050
10 S F Gas A Electrio Co... 68 50
100 S F Gas A Electrto Co 69 00
10 Spring Valley Water Co 87 50
10 Spring Valley Water Co 37 O)
20 Sprine Valley Water Co 38 50
16 Spring Valley Water Co 3« 12U
155 Spring Valley Water Co 36 00
Street — .-. \ .. . .
60 Paauhau S P s Co .....16 75
50 Paauhau S P Co 15 0714
$1000 S F A S J Valley bond lie 75
California Stock and OilExchange
• : , ---.w " : ¦¦- • ** '-•>'.:¦
Oil stock— Bli A»v«^
Alma j '. " ia * As^-
Apoiio ; ••;$ 14 °
Associated Trust Cert ¦ 20 **"*
Altec '-Xi
California Standard " Tt
caribou *. ";: . i*
Central Point Con 65
Chicago Crude 19 **«A
Claremont ;.... 22 20
Esperanxa 1 60 "
Fp« r 67 "eo
Fulton ..:.... 4 5o .._
Giant jq
Hanford 140 00
Home O2U oru
Imperial V ;;"*. M %™
Independence is 17
Junction 18
5 crn 5 00 5 25
Kern River 13 00
Lion 05 04
Monarch of Arizona .T" ....
Monte Cristo .4..... go
Occidental of W Va is "19
Oil City Petroleum 27 '28
P«* r 'e ss 13 75 14 25
Pittsburg »5
Reed Crude 40
S F and McKlttrlCk 2 75 HI".
San Joaquin OAD 5 75
S«nator 65
Sovereign 37 ....
Sterling 2 60
Superior 04 06
Thirty-Three 750
Toltec 22 1 24
Twenty-Eight 3 80 4 25
West Shore 2 00 - • ....
Miscellaneous^ —
Ahby Land and Imp ....... 1 SO ..'..
Alameda Sugar .... 29 00
American Biscuit .... 95 00
American District Tel .... ...;
Cal Gas tc Electrto Corp ....
Cal Cotton Mills SS 00 ....
Cal Jockey Club 105 00
Cal Shipping Co .....'. 23 00
Cal Title Ins and Trust 130 00 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland 60 00 ..'..'
Chutes Company 8 25
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 6 CO 7 25
Fischer's Theater 2 00 2 25
Gas Consumers' Assn....... ....' 22 50
Honolulu Sugar ............ 14 50 ....
Northern Cal Power 9 00
North Shore Railroad 600 ....
Orpheum Company- 15 25 16 25
Pacific States Tel and Tel... .... 115 00
Paraf fine Paint S3 00
San Francisco Drydock .... 47 00 ....
Sanitary Reduction Works... 150 .8 00
Eausallto Land and Ferry.. 16 00 ....
Bperry Flour Company 27 50 80 00
Standard Electric 18 00
Tesla Coal Company 82 SO
Truckee Electric ' 13 25- ....
Union Sugar . .~. '23 50 ....
United Gas and Electric 84 60 . ....
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board—
125 Occidental . Oil IS
600 Occidental Oil. b 90 19
. 8tre*t — _ - • ¦;..
1000 Occidental Oil ..«« IS
¦ Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Monarch Oil SO
600 Horn* Oil, b 90 1 OO
EOHom« OH 05
50 Fulton Oil 4 50
Article* — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 — -
December 774 77% 78H 76«4
May 77*, 77»J 764 7«»4
July 73% 74 73V4 73&
Corn No. 2 —
December 42^ 434 42 43^
May 43% 43\ 41% 41**
July 42«g 42% '414 4l£
Oats No. 2 —
December 344 35 Xl% 33%
May 351,6 354 S3 85
Mess Pork, per barrel —
January 11 80 11 M4 11 «24 11 #m
May 11 SO 1195 1170 11724
Lard per 100 pounds —
December 6 824 6 S5 -6 824 6 724
January 6 75 6 SO (i 674 6 674
May ...6 70 6 774 6 05 6 65
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
January 6 174 6 20 6 10 6 10
May 6 274 6 S24 6 20 6 224
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 9%o; thre»
half barrels. 9Uc; one tierce. 94c; two tierces.
9c; five tierces, 8T4c per lb.
The only scarce description in the list . Is
extra sugar-cured Bacon. 1 which Is hard to* ob
tain, and prices are quoted still higher. Hams
and Lard are in good supply and weak at the
decline already noted.
Chicago waa much lower yesterday, with the
packers ¦ not supporting the market. Receipts
of Hogs are . small, ' but prices are -declining
nevertheless.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12e per lb for
heavy, 12 4c for light medium. 14%c for light.
154c- for extra light. 184o for sugar-cured
and 20@214c for extra sugar- cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams 144c; California Hams.
]3-%c: Mess Beef. $11 50 per bbl; extra Mess.
*12@12 50; Family. $13; prime Meas Pork, $18;
extra clear, $24: Mess. $19: Dry Salted Pork.
12c; Pig Pork. $28; Pigs' Feet, $5 25; Smoked
Beef. 15c per lb. 1 ,
LARD^-Tierces quoted at 7^c per lb for
compound and 9c for pure; half barrels, pure,
P^c; 10-lb tins. 9%c; 5-lb tins, 9%c; 3-lb tins.
10a
Provisions.
"Railroed earnings continue satisfactory,
roth grots and net. although decreases in the
latter grow more frequent. Railroad managers.
however, are often making strenuous efforts
at retrenchment, not only In improvements, but
eJso la ordinary operating expenses. Whether
thl* Is due to increased cwj of labor and
materials cr to fin anticipated decline In busi
ness does cot yet aspear. But tfce movement
1» clrn^ccant sr.d is probably partly owing to
both causes. Bank clearings for several weeks
bave been showing declines of 15 to 20 per
cer.t compared with last year, the heaviest
shrinkage, cf course, being ia the Eastern
fir.tEC.al centers, while the Western cities ftill
continue to ehow gains over last year. A con
een atl\-e - policy eo*m» penrral in business cir
cle*. The sharp <Seclir.es in Iron products at -
tract attention, ar.d at first exert a deterrent
effect. EvestnaTIy. however, or a* «oon as it
1* evident that more tattled conditione have
been reached, a new run of orrters will be re
ceiviy;, for it is well understood that much
contract wr>rk has been held up by high prices.
At th«> lower level manufacturers' profits are
being reduced to a rr.Sr.'.mum. tnfl labor will
sooner or Uter be obllred to recornlie the
ccanKed situation acd ailow concessions. At
•the lower level, to which we are now coming;
more rtaWe If lee* profitable conditions will be
reached and work will be found for all if
reason rules. The inevitable shrinkage of boom
profit* will, cf course, affect the Industrials
adversely. Fortunately, these are held by the
rubllc. as a rule, to cn!y a limited extent, and
the reorganizations or readjustment* which
must com* in due course of time will fall
heaviest upon tb«lr rrocesitcrs.
"As already Ir-iimated la these advices, the
market shows a tendency to differentia**, the
hirt grade of *ecurities cutting away from the
bad. A fair recovery ha« been made, and now
much depends ujx>« monetary development*.
Stringent money trouid probably mean cheaper
stocks and vice versa."
ExcmanKT.
l*U man advices from New Tork eay:
"Our foreign trafie movemetit 1b growing
more favorable to gold imports for the reason
that exports hithmo backward are increasing
while imports are decreasing. The latter is a
new feature, the result of depression here and
a lessened demand for luxuries, and is having
th* effect of decreasing- national revenue at
a time when national expenses are at high
•u-ater raarlc
FTOCKS AND MERCHANDISE VALUES
STILL DECLINING. WITIIOUT ANY
Condition of Trade.
Bar silver, taa 264d per ounce. Money
3464 per cent. The rate. of discount In the
op«n market for abort bills is 449414 f(4 , r
cent and for thr*e months bills 4% per cent
Stock— Close. Southern Pacific.. 40«
Atchiaon 63«* Southern Ry 16\
Atchison pfd 88%i Southern Ry pfd. 71 V,
Baltimore & Ohio. 73£ Texas & Pacific.. 62it
Bait & Ohio pfd.. 87 Tol. St LA W... 16^
Canadian Pacific. 117% Tol, S L&W pfd. G5
Cent ot N J 155 Union Pacific 70
Ches & Ohio..... USH Union Pacific pfd. S5li
Chicago ft Alton. 27S Wab»sh isu
Ohgo & Alt pfd.. 63S Wabash pM.. aoi-
Chgo & G W U<fc Wheel & L Erie" i«
C & G W. B pfd. 26U w >s Central 35
Chga A Nwestn.,162 Wis Central pfd ' 33
Chgo Term & Tr. 8 • Express Comnanl**
Chgo T & T pfd. 164 Adams ... pan «£?
CCC & Ft Louis.. G9 American """l<cJ
Colo Southern 11% United States 100
Colo 60 l»t pfd.. 51 Wrlls-Fargo .". lfls
Colo So 2d pfd... 19% Miscellaneous—
R* t Hudson... 153 Amalgam Copper. 37U
Del. Lack & W r ..235 Am Car & Kdrv is?
Dea & Rio Gr... 184 Am Car & F pfd" 05^
Den & R G pfd.. 65 Am Linseed Oil su
Erie- 20 Am Lin Oil pfd.'.' 25
Erie 1st pfd ?>3*i Am Locomotive l*>i4
Erie 2d P fd 47-* Am Looomot pfd 74*1
Great Nor pfd... 160 Am j?m«-li & fi e f t2
Hocking Valley... C9 Am E & R prd K«
Illinois Central.. .129 Anaconda Mln Co. la *
lc>»a Central 19 Biocklyn Rrd Tr ."la*.
Iowa Cent pfd.... 31* Colo Fuel * Iron 26
Kans Clt.v So.... 16^ Colum & H Coal UK
Kans C So P M... 29 Consolidated Oas 17«il
Loulsvl & Nash.. 99 General Electric 148
Manhattan Kiev, .l.ism Internatnl Paper l0^
Metroiol St Ry...Ul%jIntern] Paper pfd • Cl
Minn & St Loui«. 48 j Internatnl Putrp. .10
Mo Pacific.. 88H!lnteml Purr r pfd. 6S
Mo. Kana & Ter. 16 National Biscuit.. 844
v ; vv,\? pfd - H iNaUonal Lead.... 11*4
Nat RR Mex pfd. 37 ; North American.. 70*»
v Z % n ± T %l- ••••• 1 J£H N«* SecuriUes... S5
Norfolk * Westn. Mij Pacific Mail 3
Nor & West pfd.. W Peoples Gas MU
Ontario & V. estn. 19«i Pressed Steel Car. 25^
B'g^PaVi^S? g«-ssj S Car ptSi B7V4 .
PCC4SIL....O5 . Pullman Pal Car.210 ;
Hea-'ng 41 Republic Steel.... <5«
n*a<Jl3g 2d pta... R7- [Rubber Goods 13^
Rock Island Co.. 23^ Rubber Goods pfd end
Rock Island pfd.. W T «:n Coal & Iron. 21%
Ft Louis * S F.. 60 US Leather 7
I SUS. 1^ vt A- *? ""' u s father "Pfd". TV*
=. V^^ F M pM - 4 * tT s Rubber...... 8*4
It t" f° W f Sta ;V 15 H U s Rubber pfd.. 26
St L Swstn pfd.. 23 U S- Steel.. ...... 10^
|J au ••• 13«H IT S Steel pfd.... 60$
ft Paul pfd 172 IWestern Union... S2?i
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO
fn^B^V Xov - "-Bond transaction.
tJU Railroads of San Francisco: 10,000 at
NEW YORK BONDS
V S ref 2s. reg... 10654 IL & N unified 4s. PS*/,
Do coupon 10C% Manhat con g 4s. 102
£o3a, reg log Mex Cen 48.*.:!. 70
Do 3s. coup 108 Do 1st Inc 14ii
Do new 4«. reg.I84^j Minn & St L 4s.. 97
Do coupon 134>i a. K & T 4s.... 87«t
Do old 4*. reg. .ill Do 2nds .. . 75
• Do coupon 111 NatRR of M c 4s. 74
Do B!l . «B lOHJ K T Cen 34*.... 99W
00 coupon -...lOlH S J Cen gen 5s...l»%
Atchison gen 4S..I00 Nor Pac 4s. loir:
Do adjt 4s .... MVi Do 3s I . 70#
At an Coast L 4s. «H» N'or & W con 4s. 66U
& Oblo 4S...1OOH D 8 L. 4e. ......'. n£
r- .A* 85V* iPenn conr 34s.. »4U
/l Of i.t, 5 ' *21 ,"»««""« K«4i... M%
V° }»t inc 66 RtL&IM cen 5s.. 110U
rhes & Ohio 44s.l01U| nt L & S F f g 4« si «/
Chi * AJton 34s. 72i? Ct L S W isf, 4 !:-^
C. B & Q new 4b. 03'* r>eaboard A L 4s. 67U
r, M&gtP iren 4sllO Fo Pac 4s »7i?
rni Term 4s 75 Do conv 4s . . 0.3*4
Ton Tobacco 4s .. 56« C S Steel 2nd 5s. &T
r?2£J*l** H, w »bash l*ts list;
D A R O 4« fl»4 Do deb B...... 55
Erie prior lien 4s. fi«4 Wh & L E 4s..'. 87U
.,0°. ten 4s ..... 83 Wls Cea 4s 89
SoSii W ITA^ rol ° 53 C0D 48 - « ¦
,NEU' YORK\MIXING STOCKS
Adams Con 10 Little Chief . * 07
AHce 14 Ontario .'.'"4 60
Breece 10 Ophir 135
Brunswick Con .. 04; Phoenix " m
Comstock Tunnel.. 05 Potosl . m
Con Cal &Va 05 Savage 12
Horn Silver 1 00, Sierra Nevada* ".'.'. 30
Iron Silver 1 80 Small Hopes . 15
Leadville Con .... 02: Standard ... . . ] .2 25
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS
gSTSS: 5-«« w ffil?SL c »- ; »«
Time loans 54©6 Adventure 4
Bonds— Allouez .'."" Zii
Atchleon 4s 99% Amalgamated ... Slit
Mexican Cent 4... 08 Bingham .:?.. |l4
RailroadB— Calumet & Hecla*45O
A « c £ son 634 Centennial ... iMi
Atchison pfd 88£ Copper IUnge 42 C
Boston A. Albany.248 Dominion Coll "" 734
notion A Maine. .171 Franklin . ?2
& J L ** H & H..195 Mohawk ." 351:
Fltchburg pfd... .135 Old Dominion »2
Union Paeiflc... C9% Oeceola ...... {J^ 3
M t?. lc * n .. C * ntnU - 8^ Parrot .......... 37U
Miscellaneous — Quincy kA
American Sugar:.114Vi Sanu Fe'cop'^r.' 14
Am Sugar pfd. ...us*; Tamarack si
Mrs 1^^ 8 :;:^ gS.r *"«—M
V B Steel 10 Wolverine «x*
D S Steel pfd.... 60S Daly W«t" |L
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS ""
Consols, money.87 9-lfl N Y Central m
D» »cct 87 11-16 Nor & West .'." 5SU
Anaconda 3?i Do prefd . R9 i?
Atchison 68%» Ontario * West' 20U
t, 1 ?* P i ef^.""- SJ* p *«°«>lvanla !!::
Balto & Ohio .. 77'i Rand Mines ou
Canadian Paclflc.l21*i Reading .. mu
Che« & Ohio .... 30* 4 Do 1st prefd'" 39
Chicago O W .. 15U Do 2d prefd. " 31
Ch|M & St P..142** Southern Ry ,0
D«Be«rs 20fj Do prefd ...... 7*
Denver * EG.... 1»V» Southern Pac -."" 4->t'
Z>o prefd (SSM Union Pacific . 73*4
Erie .... 27% Do prefd gSU
Do 1st prefd... 68U U S Steel 7mI
l>o 2d prefd.... 49H Do prefd m$
IlllnoH Central... 135 Wabaah .... ... 191J
Louis * Nash ..1034 Do prefd .... * 34
Mo Kan &. Tex.. 17 I "
NEW TORK STOCK LIST,
The news that th« Amslgaraated mines were
to reopen explained yesterday's advance in that
stock, hut did not help it more than a frac
tion to-day. The market closed rather dull and
weak, with Pennsylvania at 112*4. or only Yt
above the !owe«. Additional engagements of
gold for import were made in London and the
further drop in exchange indicated the proba
ble continuance of the movements.
Bonds were dull and heavy. Total sales,
$1,545,000.
United States bonds were unchanged on the
last call.
CHICAGO. Nor. 11. — Firm cables brought
out a fairly good demand for both December
and May wheat at the start and December
opened M>G%c higher at 77%@77%c. Offerings
were light early in the day and with a fair
advance in the price of December at Minne
apolis. December advanced to 77%c within
the first hour. Later in the day weakness. in
corn with lower prices at f. Minneapolis and
New York brought heavy selling orders and the
market became very weak.' Large primary re
ceipts and small clearances helped to create
a bearish sentiment. Closing prices were at
about the bottom with December %c lower at
76«fcc. after It had. touched 76?4e.
Corn ruled extremely weak after a firm open.
ine. December closed at 42SS*2>ic, a loss of
Oats enjoyed a fairly steady market until
the corn break and then prices declined. De
cember closed *4@%e lower at 33%<T34c.
Provisions were sready early in the day on
a good cash business and on a strong demand
for lard, but later with grain prices showing
weakness, the market turned weak. Pork
closed 12^4c lower January lard 7%<gl0o lower
and ribs 7^4® 10c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
ClUcago Grain Market.
Afternoon* Session.
600 Esperanza ... 02 j 500 Montana Ton. SS
600 Golconda Con. 13! 1000 Paymaster 11
2C0 MacNamara . 12} 300 Rescue p«
200 MacNamara . 13 1 500 Tonopah N S. s:
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Nov. U— 4 p. m.
i VI «. Bid.Ask Rid Ask
A Pha 05 OOJulla ........ 05 ', m
¦*»«. 02 03!/ustlce ...... — ce
An , d « s 14 16|Kentuck 03 04
Belcher 09 lOi Keyes Qraslr 1 «o
Best & B.1...1 30 1 401 Mexican^ _f: g3 X m
P" 1 " 0 ". °7 00[ Occidental ... 23 X
£j'*?cnia ....lC»J10T.fOpa!r ...... Il 40 I 45
Cha'enge ... 20 23 ovsrman .... 13 in
Chollar 11 12 -Potosl ....... }o 11
Confidence. ... 65 75: £ avage ... J* i\
Con C A Va.a 00 1 05isccr?ton ...I oi ©2
r?Si m ? erlal - % W Beg Belcher.. 07 &
R on N Hi ra w Sierra Nev.. fc 31 s^
& own *™ nt - 12 K Silver Hill..* 66 67
Eureka Con.. — ©OjSt Loula ..." u —
Exchequer ... 12 13 Syndicate ... — m
Hala & Nor.. 51 64 Utah H 14
Lady Wash.. 03 04 Tellow Jack., st 35
TONOPAH MINES.
w— "^liu^ ...... Bl^%
I2SSS::: S S^i^S-—- ~ S
SEE.??: !i 1
Yesterday Theresa Dexnpsey, a domestic,
filed a suit for $23,000 damages asalcst
Charles Harley and hla wife, her former
employers. She claims that her reputa
tion has been damaged to a great extent
because Mrs. Harley remarked In the
presence of divers persons that the plain
tiff, who was employed by her as a cook,
had purchased liquor and taken It to her
room.
Wants Damages for Slander.
The circular of Somers & Co. says of Hay:
"Receipts of hay still - continue rather light,
the total lor th« week just ended amounting
to 1900 tons, in comparison with 1S00 tons for.
the week preceding. The situation remains
unchanged. in every way. Town trade is very
quiet, owing to the fact that most consumers
had large amounts of hay forced on them dur
ing the early fall. M&ny of these, however,
are expected to be out of hay within the next
few weeks, and during the winter w». will
have our usual fair, demand.
"The account of etock compiled by the San
Francisco Hay Association shows a total of
about 97 000 tons of hay available for this
market in districts from which w« always draw
our supply. Last year's report on the first of
November showed OS, 000 tons and we had
barely enough to last us through. With an
equal demand this year we may see some
shortage next spring, especially if the crop
is late. In any event, the market will be a
sensitive one for the balance of. the. season
and we cannot but believe that rather high
prices will rule from this time on.
"Livestock cars are being utilized in the
IJvermore Valley for shipping hay, so we
are now getting a somewhat larger proportion
of the choice grades. With this exception the
market shows no change from that of last
— J20iff21 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S26@23 per ton.
SHORTS — $2<VS21 60 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, |24 50@25 per
ton- Oilcake Meal at the mill. $28^26 50; Job
hine S274i27 50; Cocoanut Cake. $21022; Corn
Meal $S0@31: Cracked Corn, $30 5O@31 50;
Mixed Feed/ $22 5OTJ3 50; Horse B»ans, $300
HAV— Wheat $145?16 50: Wheat and Oat,
$13 5OS16 50; Oat. $12 50@14 60; Wild Oat.
$11 50&13 DO; Barley, $U@13; Stock, $10@U;
Alfalfa. $10S12 50 per ton
STRAW — 10@C5c per bale.
Stocks of Hay tributary to San Francisco
are about the. same as last year at this time,
being 97.000 tons, against 8S. 000. The market
rules steady at unchanged quotations.
Bran continues weak, while Middlings rule
firm.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FRUIT— Apricots,- 708%c for Royals and'©^
10c for Moorparkg; Evaporated Apples. 4©8%c;
sun-dried, 3V4®4c; Peaches. 4%@6ttc; Pears,
rj&10c: Nectarines. 4®6%c; Figs,: white. 4@4%e
in boxes: black, 4%c; Plums, pitted. 6®8c per
pound. '¦¦¦ • . .
PRUNES— 1903 crop,'2 1 ,4S'3c for tb« ifour
sizes.
RAISINS— F. o. b. Drices. Fresno, for 1903
crop: 50-lb boxes — I/oose Muscatel 2-crown,
5&c per lb; 3-crown. i%c; 4-crown. 6%c; Seed
less Muscatels. 4 He: do floated. 4«4e; un
bleached Sultanas. 4%e: Thompson's Seedless,
B^c. . London Layers — 2-crown, $1 25; 3-crown,
SI 85; 4-crown clusters. 92: 5-crown Dehesas.
$2 50; 6-crown Imperials. $3; Malaga Loos*. 2
crown, 6c cer lb: do 8-crown. oftc: Valencia
Cured. 4Vic: Pacific do, 3%c; Oriental do. 2%c.
Seeded Raisins — 16-oz packages, fancy, \8c per
lb; choice, 7%c: 12-os packages, fancy, 6%o;
choice. 6%e; in bulk, fancy. 7%c: choice.. 7%c
NUTS— Walnut*. No. 1 softshell. 13HO14c:
No. 2. Il%ei2c; No. 1 hardshell. 13913^4c:
No. 2, H^llHc; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils.
10«4c for I X L, 10% c for Ne Plus Ultras and
8%o for Languedoc: Peanuts, 607e for East
ern; Pecans. 11® 13c: Cocoanuts. J4 50(53; Cali
fornia Chestnuts. 10315c per lb. -
HONEY — Comb, new. 12014c for white and
Offllc for amber: new water white extracted,
6H@6c; light amber extracted. 4HO6%e; dark,
<@4ttc. ,' . . .
BEESWAX— 27©29c per lb. VijJ.V'
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as fol
lows: Graham Flour. S3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal. $3 ;• Rice . Flour. $7;
Corn Meal, $3 25: extra I cream do. $4; Oat
Groats, $4 60; Hominy. $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour $4 60<g4 75; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Fa
rina. $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats, bbls, $7 25$S 60; in sacks, $6 75@8 10;
Pearl Barley, $6: Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
Peas. |5 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $4 60@
4 85, uaual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 50®4 60;
Oregon and Washington, $3 9004 20 per bbl for
Family and $3 90S* 40 £or Bakers'.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Sterling Exchange declines to a remarkably low point.
Sih-cr drops like a shot to 56^2 c. Mexican dollars lower.
Wall street stocks lower on' the day.
Local stocks and bonds still inactive.
Ji'hcat futures lower and the cash grain quiet.
More Barley engaged for Australia. Feed lower.
Government report of the Corn crop considered bearish. }
Xo further change in Oats or Rye^^
Bears still inactive and more or less weak. i
Eggs continue to advance, with fine ranch scarce.
Butter steady at the recent advance. Cheese weak. .
Extra sugar-aired Bacon scarce and higher. Other cured Meats
weak.
No further variation in Cattle f Sheep and Hogs.
Wet weather interferes with trade in Fresh Fruits.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables show little cltange.
Poultry rather firmer and Game rather weaker.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— In light supply,
the market dosing steady, with common quoted
at *S5V4c; prime. 6fc©6c; choice, 6%e6\c;
fancy, 7c.
PRUNES— Quiet. Prices range from 2$4o to
7c for all trades.
APRICOTS— Quiet. Choice, »Vi©10c; extra
choice. 10@10%c
PEACHES— Dull; choice. 7MO7Xc; extra
choice. 7%e8%c; fancy. »%C10Uc.
DRIED FRUITS.
oc^E W T0RK - Nov - 11— FLOinV-Recelpts.
28,663 barrels; dull
WHEAT— Receipts. 48,500 bushels; exports,
11,150 bushels; spot, weak; No. 2 red, 83%o
elevator: No. 2 red, 63 %c f. o. b.; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 8«%o f. o. b. afloat: No. 1
hard Manitoba, nominal, f. o. b. afloet. Options
closed %©H,c lower; May, 81@«2c, closed at
Rlc; December, 83 %c.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Firm.
SUGAR— Raw, nominal; refined. Quiet.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice.
6W>c; mild. firm. Futures closed steady and
unchanged; sales. 72,000 bags; November,
6.45c; March, 5.85c: September.* 6. 25@«.30c.
New York Grain and Produce.
4«g 5%d in Middlesboro. Locally Iron was
unchanged. No. 1 foundry, northern. $15® 10:
No. 2 foundry, northern, $18 25^15; No. 1
foundry, southern, and No. 1 foundry, south
ern, soft. $14214 25. i j
UNITED STATES BONDS.
WET>NESI>AT. Nov. 11—2 p. m.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
Simpson's counsel was also granted per ¦
mission to Introduce testimony as to the
good character of his client. The Com
missioners stated that the testimony giv
en by Captain Spillane was for the pur
pose of refreshing Policeman Murphy's
/ecollectlon. They declined to strike the
testimony from the record, but said they
would not base a decision on It.
Counsel for both sides admitted that
the case was practically closed. AH that
was lacking was the testimony of Loa
Angeles residents who would testify
against Simpson. The latter has been
granted permission to frame cross-inter
rogatories, with a view to learning wheth
er the witnesses were hostile.
At the urgent request of the attor
ney for George B. Simpson, the saloon
man who preferred charges of extortion
against Sergeant Reuben A. "Wolfe." the
Board of Police Commissioners yesterday
ruled that the various depositions Intro
duced by Attorney Metson in behalf of
Wolfe and which tended to show that
Simpson's character was bad should be
taken over again In order that the wit
nesses might be interrogated as to their
hostility to the prosecutor. An adjourn
ment was taken until next Tuesday night
and the depositions will be relniroduced.
Police Commission Postpones Wolfe
Trial at Bequest of Saloon-Man
Simpson.
WILL ENDEAVOB TO PBOyB
WITNESSES ABE HOSTILE
Open.* High.' ¦ - Low." Close.
December |1;13U%$1 12T, %l 12%
OATS — The market is quiet and unchanged.
White, $1 2myi a^ti; lilack. $1 4o@l fJ%;
Red. $1 20&1 25 for feed and $1 25S 1 ! 35 for
seed: Gray. $1 22H«1 27% per ctl. :
.. CORN — The Government report, indicating a
crop of 2.300,000,000 bushels, ¦ was ¦ considered
bearish at Chicago, and made considerable
liquidation, with a good deal of selling pres
sure. Sttll lower prices are thought probable.
This market continues quiet and unchanged.
¦ Western" sacked, ¦ *1 oOvl 32% for. Yellow7
Jl IKKij 1 32% for White and $1 30 for mixed:
California large Yellow, fx 35@1 40; small
round do, $1 5001 CO;- White. $1 35©1 40 per
cental.
RYEr— $1 25igfl 30 per. ctl. .»j
bULK"Sviifc.Ar— *2 25©2 00 per ctl.
FUTURES.,-
Session 9 to- 11:30 a. m.
Open."- ; High. ¦¦¦•"•¦ "-Low. ' Close.
December ..$1 13% $1 13 Va 91 13V4 ?1 13*i»
2 p: m. Session.
$1 20@l 23; Chevalier, $1 20® 1 45 for fair to
choice. '-.'-¦ - :¦"¦•¦¦; v '-:?> ¦'
- APPLES— 00c©$l 25 per box for fancy. 60©
85c for pood to choice and 25©40c for common:
Christmas Apples. $2 50@2 76 per box.
PEARS— $I@1 25 per box for fancy Winter
N>ll!s and :50878c for other varieties.
.QUINCES — *0©60o per box.
FIGS — 50c@$l per -box..-
POMEGRANATES — 753S5c for small boxes
and $1 50®2,75 for large.
. PERSIMMON'S— 50c@$l per box.
PLUMS — Coe's late red. 50c per box.
GRAPES— 40@50c for small boxes. 50®73c
for crates and 7.V8J1 50 for large open boxes.
NUTMEG MELONS— 60#S5e per box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Valencia Oranses, %2Q
3 50 per box; Lemons. $1@2 50 per box: Grape
Fruit. ?1 50©3 50; Mexican Limes, $4@4 50:
Bananas. $1 5O@2 per bunch for Hawaiian and
S2 5O#3 25 for Central American; Pineapples,
$2g 2 50 per dozen. ,
HUCKLEBERRIES— Nominal.'"
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. $11»11 60: Jer
eej-s. flOglO 75 per bbl; Coos Bay, $2 609S per
box. : '---T-r^ J *-i*~4*r>tripge*'ljlJli|i) "MttiB*
chest; > large Berries, $2@3 for Malindaat and
$4@6 for the other varieties.
RASPBERRIES— $4@6 per cheat. . -/
George C Boardman, Jacob B&rta, William A.
Magee.Fred H. Beaver and C. O. O. Miller.
It- Is * reported . that ths San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company will. declare a dividend
of $3 per chare In December to cover the period
is which there has been no dividends, and that
shortly after ths first of th* year regular quar
terly > dividends at the rate of S per cent per
annum will bo commenced.
THE SAN /FRANCISCO CALL.1 THURSDAY; NOVEMBER 12^:1903.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Nczv York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK. Nov. 11. — Th» cotton market
closed 2 points higher to 6 points lower.
NEW YORK, Nov. - 11. — Tin declined about
17s 6d in London, spot there dicing at £18 Ss
and futures at £116 2s 6d. Locally - the de
cline In tbe quoted rates was 36 points, with
spot closing at $25@25 10.
Copper was £1 7s 6d lower in London,' spot
there doilcff at £56 7s and futures at £55 15*.
Locally, copper was Quiet. Lake $13 60; elec
trolytic (14 63, and casting. 113.
Lead- was unchanged ¦ at £11 10s 3d in Lon
don aod at $<J 50 In New York. ¦ «,•¦¦.
Spelter - was 85 » point* lower in New '', York
market, doslnr -at$5 78 nominal. The Lon
don market „ was UDchanred at £21.
Iron closed at *Sa «d ? In ' GlMjrow , and at
Nrj.: York Metal Market
iW ForJSr Stocfe Market.
NEW TOF.K Not 1L— To-day's stock mar
ket w«* literally i«unp«a under the torrent of
PeniiErlvfcnia stock, the total sales of which
numbered half t* much as the aggregate shares
of all other «ocks sold during the day. Even
• hen It 1* allowed that the total Dumber of
rennrylvar.la shares sold bficf at $50 per
chare should b« halved off In comparison with
ia>s of otiw-r nocks, the volume of selling of
th!« nock, *'hirh had to be absorbed la the
market was truly formidable. During the ear
ly part of the day the contrary movement in
United State* Bte»l preferred served a« an off
set to tbe downward course in Pennsylvania,
but the pertinence of the latter movement.un
dermined th* market find determined lt« ren
erfcl tendency, it : « true that there were
heavy short covering operations In Unite*! States
Eteel preferred, but they were not very evj-
Ont elsewhere. Th-. conviction was vary gen
eral that renuina liquidation of. Pennsylvania
was on a very Urre scale. There . was . Inter
ested disoiseion, v. httPver there mifht bavt
**U«a cf credence, cf a theory that the Standard
Oil party were in a. way to oontrol United
Etp.t«8 Steel, with a cons^uent powerto divert
tbo enormous frf-yrfct traffic of the corporation
.o railroad interests, to which that party bad
1^2 ,*£ Oa ' Th * rF *» ort that the United
firVT c cT»«TiUcn -was seeking a reduc-
JSnes w&c tn Inclflert to this line of dl«cue» ion.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11THE SAN FK ANCISCO CALI/; THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1903.
12
HELP WANTED— MALE— <!otitlnn«d.
A— MURRAY A READY. 634-630 Clay st.
Phone Main .6848.
; Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1902 we- gave 1903 we'll give
45.000 men work. 80.000 men work.
' ARIZONA-
— ARIZONA
OREGON. A ." NEVADA.
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe systems; free
pass
On Every Train.
Section hands, muckers, drillers, extra gangs,
teamsters, hammersmen. - . . ¦
Farmers and orchard bands. $30, $35, $40 and
found; milkers,' $30 to $50 and found.
Stablemen, city, country Jobs. $30 to $60.
385 woodchoppers.
2S7 tiemakers.
COOK& WAITERS. PORTERS.
Cooks hotels, restaurants, camps, mines and
ranches, city and country. $30 to $70 found.
Waiters, city and country. $25 to $45 found.
Butchers different jobs. $40" to $00 found.
LOCATED EVERYWHERE.
Laborers and teamsters, city and country.'
many in San Francisco. $2 25. •
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st.
COAL OREGON. FREE FARE.
MINERS. OREGON. / $3 to $5 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
- THOUSANDS OF MEN IDLE. CAN YOU
USE ANY? ' •
To Every Employer of 'White Male- Help:
We can supply yon with white male help
of all kinds, free of chare*.
No syndicate too large, no firm too small
for us to supply; no objection to distance;
we ship good help; phone, telegraph, write or
call in person and procure your help from,
MURRAY & READY.
We gav« employment
In 1897 to uoward of 17.000 men.
In 1898- to upward of 19,000 men. i
In 1899 to upward of 21,000 men.
- In 1900 to UDwaxd of 36,000 men.
In 1901 to upward of 37.000 men.
' In 1903 to upward of 45,000 men.
Office open 7 a. m. daily.
Sundays. 8 to 12 a. m.
Help wanting work, hundreds of places
awaiting your selection. Come, read our bul-
letin boards.
MURRAY ft READY. 634-636 Clay st.
TYPEWRITER and stenographer, boss here,
. $30 and found. .
Porter, grocery store, boss here. $30 and fd.
Track R. R. foreman, sawmill. $40 found.
Cheesemaker. $40 and found; 3 bedmakers;
bell boy; 2 coatmakers: 16 coopers.
¦?¦;-•'-: MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st.
12 CABINET makers; plasterer, free fare both
ways, $5 day. _
Gang edgennan. lumber company, $63 found.
OLD MEXICO — FREE* FARE.
Carriage trimmer, boas hers, g-ood wages.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
6 ITALIAN or 6 Austrian foremen, R. R. work.
$3 a day. - - -
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st.
TOGETHER. ~
4 carpenters, factory. $3 60 a day.
Rivet-heater, factory. $2 28 a day. .
Man run electric hoist. $2 SO a day.
Night' buggy washer, city. $15 a week.
Stableman, south, $35 and found.
8econd baker on cakes, city. $18 week and fd.
Waiter, far* $1 60. $8 a week and found.
2 waiters, same hotel, fare $1. $35 and fd.
Mr. Appleton, carpenter, please report.
Choreman. private family. $30 and found.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN * CO.8.....Emp. Office
429 Bush st ...642 Clay st
BOO laborers. State of Nevada $2
Board $4 50 week Free fare
Absolutely free fare for all above.
Bridge carpenter, country. $3 80 day; stable-
man,' private stable. $35.
Head waiter and steward, country Jiotel. $60;
polisher, country laundry, $60; Mexican
chicken tamale maker, country hotel, best of
wages; slaughterer, country. $30; waiters,
porters bell, elevator boys, dish, pot wash-
ers kitchen hands, others; pantryman. $30.
C. R./HANSEN & CO.'S Emp. Office
429 Bush st............ m Clay st.
AT "E A B." R. R. Labor Agency,
* 638 Commercial st.
Free Fare — Free Fare.
60 tnnnel men, $2 50 to $3 day.
50 muckers and drillers, $2 to $2 50 a day.
100 laborers, $2 a day.
Long; Job; eight months', work.
Free fare— Ryndon. Nevada.
"E A B." R. R- LABOR AGENCY.
63S Commercial at.
WANTED — Young man with some knowledge
of operating an English band frame; apply
any day after 1 o'clock. J. J. PFISTER,
60 Geary st. . -
A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a good
talker eager to make money. F. PERSON.
477 and 478 Parrott bulldlnr.
BARBER shop for sale; gw>T paying; steady;
2 chairs; transient trade. 660 Folsom st.-
OFFICE boy; advancement; good chance. Ad-
dress own handwriting box 3439. Call.
I WANTED— Man to clean up a yard. 1520 Page
street. •
BOOTBLACK wanted at 7 Eddy st. :.
WHY pay big prices to have your ahoe» half-
soled when you can get it done for 25c. 50c
and 60c while you wait at 563 Mission «t..
etb. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third st.T -
WANTED — For U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied unmarried men. between 21 and 33;
good character: must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-
* war in all parts of the world, on land in our
island possessions, and at naval stations in
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
fice. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cat. and
401 K St.. Sacramento.' Cal. -
WANTED — Thoroughly capable bookkeeper:
must be quick, accurate «nd conversant with
modern systems; prefer one who has had
experience with lumber concerns; no objection
to brains: state age. experience, salary want-
ed, cal. White Pine Lumber Co.. Loyalton. Cal.
WANTED — Boys from 16 to 18 years; height.
5 feet 4 Inches and over, to Join a social mili-
tary rifle corps; regulation uniform and drill.
Apply S. SZANIK. -473 Valencia St., any
evening between 6 and 8 o'clock.
MAN of good standing and wide acquaintance
can - secure a good position with an Eastern
company: must - have connections and be a
good solicitor. P. O. box 2694.
MEN wanted. to learn the barber trade in two
months and secure pood positions: catalogue
mailed free. MOLER System College, 635
Clay st.
WANTED— -Laborers and mechanics to know
- that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st. ; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 BO pair; foot-form shoes at $2 SO; we pay
express or mall chrzs. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.: 14
years' practice: references from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
COATMAKER wanted for the city; steady
work. DETMER WOOLEN CO. ,
BOY 12 to 14 years; must understand German.
¦ BARKHAUS' BOOK STORE. 213 Kearny St.
BOY for lumber office work; from school pre-
. ferred. Box 2C44.' Call office. -
TWO-CHAIR barber shop and cigar -tore for
sale; bargain. . Inquire . Call office^
COATMAKER for • country. Apply. REIS3
BROS. A CO.. 24 Sutter st. • -. .
BARBER trade taught In . 5 weeks. Address
- W. C. B.. 047 Commercial st. -'"'.'
MCDONALD & PERRY have a large stock of
; new and second-hand shoes; cheap.' 230 3d st.
MEN to learn barber trade: catalogue mailed.
S. F. Barber School. 741A Hownrd at. •-•
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
bldg.,Fast Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post.G.A.R;
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms, 35c night; readinu rooms;
'.free "bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan A Church sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
.received at' Call -branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
..-. price, r 563 Mission st.. > bet. 1st and 2d sts.
'GET your shoes half soled white waiting; 25c
- to Sflc. ' S63 Mission -t.ybft. 1st and 2d sta.
HORSES AND WAGOXS. * v
TO Whom ; It May Concern— We will sell > at
. public auction at the Arcade Horse Market.
- 327 ; Sixth *W .Wednesday. • Nov. . 17, , at 11 a.
- m.;':~ oneiohaeton and single harness,' "the
v property of Frank M. Stone (the same being
i'-'? sold for ' storage ' bill).* ' Devtaadero-st. 8ta-
;ble. ARMERS& WISECARVER.
BREWSTER " extension '. brougham. coupe
' rocka way. . good phaeton. ' Toomey TA Fra-ier
cart. -cheap. :; O'BRIEN'S." -Polk st. and
-Golden, Gate wve. ; .-_¦ ,- -S . ;¦
ALL' kinds / of horses,' wagons, carts, buggies
¦ ¦ and harness - sold at auction every Tuesdav
.. 11 '. a.V m: ar 1140 \ Folsom st.-.- * """*
IHORSE; $25; young jack,' $100: top wagon.' $80-
. buwy. $10; .cart, $15. .79 City Hall -. ave. '
-
HORSES AXP WACONS—Contlaned.
HARNESS and saddles, the J>«st for the money.'
at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. Inc., the big store.
1145-1147 Market St.. San Francisco.
A LOT of cheap horses at Fifteenth and Shot-
well. ¦ ' .' ' - "
MUST be sold a£" a sacrifice; 5 good horse,.
327 Sixth «t- .
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wa S0! ,
and gocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission at.^
Largest aeeortmt 2-hand wagons. buckb*d. Bu r -
rey.hameg».work.dfivlag horses. lwtn-\aieneu
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for dr-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 1-i Montgomery.
A— HOUSES and flats to let: an immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage nf
this department: it will save you tlnie and
, trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.» 243-209 Geary
BEFORE moving get our printed list of house*
to let. BALDWIN A HOWELL 25 Pest st.
LOST AAO FOCXD.
BLACK pearl; lost the 9th Inst.: ?10O reward
if returned to A. SCHILLING & CO.
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernta Savings
Bank of San Francisco In the name of DORA
E. CRAIG. No. 248-1001. Finder please re-
turn to the bank.
LOST — Off Baden Pcint, Sunday night, new red
duck boat. 12 feet long. 4-foot beam. Finder
notify Anderson's Shipyard. Hunters Point;
reward.
LOST — Saturday evening, small agato ring of
no value only as an heirloom. Return to
1277 Eddy St.; reward.
LOST — A gold locket with monogram B\ W.
W. ; valuable as keepsake. Return to 1013
Market St.. hat store, and receive reward.
LOST — Pocket-book containing note and con-
tract: $5 reward. CRAIGIE SHARP. 718
Sycamore St., Oakland.
LOST — Brown and gray setter; bale rop« on
neck. Return 48 Twelfth st.; reward.
FILLED watch, with diamond fob. witlj ln-
ltlala P. G. Return »27 Halght st.: reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold and silver to malts- new watth cases.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WTETH. specialist for all f em*i»
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed: 30
years' experience; removed to 620 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fs-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant r«-
llef guaranteed. 1008% Market st.. opp. 3th.
VALPEAU'S female, pills; best regulating pills
? cold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's
I syringe and tablets; price $2 50. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who ars- sick or
In trouble, consult this specialist on femal*
complaints: positively corrected; th* unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated:
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk, nr. Van Ness — Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints: Inst. relief;
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5: 25 yra. cxper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1113 Market — Reliable ladle*'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low feea
i)R. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS :
original method of treatment. 1126 Market sc
DR. ROSEN resides 2993 Folsom st.. cor. 26th;
ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell st.. oppos!t»
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MILLINERY.
LADIES — 20O stylish hats to select from; leaso
sold, must vacate February 1. 1904: sav»
money by calling on MME. POSCH, 207 Po<tr.
ailSCELLAXEOLS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McLV
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 105-137 Fremont St.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterite; in rolls easy to lay:
needs no pa in tin? or coating: good over old
iron, tin *r shlnsles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market it.
FOR sale — New 50-ft. ga3oline launch ' with
modern 40-horsepower engine and all extras;
good business: only cash sale considered. Ad-
dress G. B.. box 52O. Sacramento. Cal.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged: see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-132 Beala st.
BEAUTIFUL collection of Moro krises. bolck,
spears, shields, etc. Apply PVT. KAUF-
MANS, Hospital Corps, General Hospital.
Presidio, between 1 and S.
A— Fine suits, $7 50; drees pants, $2 SO. Ori*l-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23S Kearny st,
near Bush: open to 9 p. m. ; Sunday to noca.
A— $3 SO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
nlar ' Price Hatters. 330 Keamy st.. near
Pine; open till 9 p. m. Sunday to nooa.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pip?, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st.
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at coat:
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog
sent free. R. E. Itevalk A Co., San Francisco.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 30 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.: catalog, free.
IMPROVED Singer sewing; machine^ for sale
cheap. 28 Seventh at., room 9.
¦A VERY fine diamond heart for $210 at W. J.
HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
FOR sale — Open rubber-tired carr!a_e, wit*
break on; $300. Call 1327 Pierce st.
3. 6 AND 10 hp. gasoline engines ; 2d-hand; alt
sizes; new. E. B. BECK A CO.. 123 Market.
NEW and second hand machinery of all kinds.
KROGH MNFO. CO.. ol» Market st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE H£R-
MAXN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard A Preck. 131 Post st.
MILES of pipe and nttlnxs: all slzea. SU-
OENE RILEY A SONS. 10!> Vallejo at.
MOVING picture film and sons slide*. 1O
Montgomery st. / .
SAFES— New and second hand. B. B. BXCK
A CO.. 122 Market st. /
All bargains -.camp stools and chairs -.hajnmock*.
metal beds.mattressea_I.F.Hotter,713 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machine*, films. Badgalupl. 333 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Montry.
WAXTS. '
WANTED— Air compressor, duplex. 12x14. belt
driven: state make.
, 1 Westlnghouse motor. 60 to. 75 horsepower.
1 return Sue tubular boiler. 34ilfi. complfts
with fixtures, stack, etc.; give lowest casb
price.
AH the above must bo in first-class condi-
tion; to be delivered f. o.' b. Sacramento.
Box 2693. Call office. - _ ;
PAINTING, tinting, papering and wall P«P* r
cleaning; work dons at right prices. M. U.
MORRIS. 1214 Geary st.: phone 2158.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of ca3t-off
Clothing; send postal. MORRIS. 870 Folsom.
BOOKS and libraries bought. B. C. H 0LM i^'
114» Market St.: peons Jessia 3741. or postal.
TILTON wanu good secend-hand clotHlaS »>»
theatrical goorta. 154 Oth rt.: tel. Jefla S^^-
A BIO ortce paid for sealskins: fend post*:.
25 Stofktr-n »t.: rhone P"«* ***
'.^2 MONEV TO LOAS.
AAA— HERMAN"MURPHY. •_-•«.—
601-*Wi. > -tf i >* Exssainer building.
Quick settlements; no disappointm«nt.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortyacM, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents. Property Intnut.
etc. -legacies, life estatea and undivided in-
terests In property » urch §ff?;._ i
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
- Wheh You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
ADVANCES »on furniture and pianos wtthout
removal -~ to permanent salaried people on
their note without security or knowledse of
emnlnver- lowest ratfs; no conjrmnsion. NA-
TIONAL* CREDIT CO.. 63 and e» Done hoe
building, 1170 Market st. -
i HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry. »t
'west rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 8l«
- Market rt?" el. Main ifiU. -Branch. 19 Third.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
niture, pianos or to salaried people on thJir
note- proper treatment guaranteed. ILLINOIS
TRUST CO.. r. ltf. Fhelan bid., tel. Main 7OI.
XIOVEY loaned to salaried peoole. retail mer-
chants teamsters, boardins-hou*^. without
security- easy payments; larjres* business in
46 principal cities. Tolman.,553 Parrott bldg.
A i' D pr cent on furniture or' piano: n_> remov-
al no commission, no publicity;*.."! up; <j«lck.
private, confidential. 2ft Montgomery, tin. ».
M JACOBSEN & CO.. room €21. Emma 3pr»ck-
• els building loans monpy on real estate and
,11 , o^er securities;- confidential: low rate*.
LODOIWQ HOUSES FOR SALE---C011. j
¦ ' - '. rSEE - '-'-
TETLOW & DEACON. '
Phone Folsom 2957, ,
1023 Market St.. between Oth and 7th,
For hotels, , rooming-houses and business
I chances, any part of the city.. ",-l*-.~-,
'. A— $3000; PRIVATE boarding-house, with 40.
elegantly furnished rooms, on Van Ness ave. ;
rooms always occupied and first-class patron-
age. See R. G. WILKE. 20V4 Kearny st.
I ELEGANT, corner flat, 8 rooms. Western Ad-
dition; rent $35; cheap, $900; large list of
houses, 6 to 200 rooms. EITEL A CARROLL,
212 Kearny st. ¦
SPIRITUALISM. 7
1 Returned— Miss C. C. Kotter circle every ere.,
! 10e; Mon. eve. developing circle: sittings dal-
ly; L. 50c Q. $1; card reading 25c 34 6th.r.l3
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance: stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy st.. nr. Octavla; phone Scott 8S7.
MRS. CONNOLL, 148 Sixth st. ; circle every
night; tests to all. 10c; readings daily.
j EDWARD EARLE, 1052 Ellis, readings daily,
0:30 to 4; eeancea Sunday and Thursday. _.
CLAIRVOYANTS^ _^
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Rezlatered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Franc'sco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fail to tell your name, occu-
pation and what you called for; I promise to tell
you whether husband, wife or sweetheart Is true
or false- tell you who and when you will marry;
In fact. I will tell you every hope, fear or ambi-
tion better than you can tell yourself; I will give
you luck that wins suocess in love, marriage, dl-'
vorce, business, speculation, mining, health and
lost vitality, etc.: hours 10 a. m. to S P. m.
326 — O'Farrell St.— 826. Readings $1.
MME. M. BERNARD. ' THE FAMOUS ;
-Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives aa
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happanings and portrays events to
occur In the future; If. you are in trouble,
¦discontented or not satisfied In life, or have
domestic, love or business troubles, consult
this great medium and you will be told how
to overcome them; valuable advice In all af-
fairs of ;ife; 25c up; satisfaction guaran-
teed; readings by mall. Tel. Black 4569.
A— L-I-V-O-1t-N-O.
L-I-V-O-R-N-O.
The World-Renowned Palmist
and' Crystal' Gazer,
31 Kearny st.
Over Hammersmith & Fields. Phone Black 2435.
DO NOT LOSE HOPE.
"Madame Llvorno saved me serious mis-
takes," saysv,Sarah Bernhardt. Thousands say
the same thing. Three questions by mail, $L
Bond month and year of. birth.
LIFE MYSTERIES REVEALED.
MRS. DR. E. SANDERS.
Spiritual medium; only teacher of mind teleg-
raphy In the world whose system never falls.
Learn It: it will bring you HEALTH,
.WEALTH and LOVE. Develops mediums
and teaches occultism. Hours, 10 a. m. to 8
p. ra. 418 Post st. - '
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St., cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a,
m. to 5 p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't send currency. Send postofflce,
. ¦Wells-Fargo money order or/regletered letter.
MRS. A. H. Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading, lOo, for
a shsrt time only; when others fail try me to
convince yourself. 721 Franklin, near Turk.
REV. DA VIS-DA WSON— Special life read-
Ings, 50c; absolutely free unless correct; cir-
cle to-night; teats to all. 10c. 34 6th. rm. 6.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 6 4th St., near Market.
MME. MARSEAU. clairvoyant, card reader;
ladies. 25c; gents. 50c. 645 Minna st
OLDEST lad^ palmist and card reader In city.
26% Kearny, room 20; ladles 25c; gents 50c.
MISS WARD gives names, dates and -facts;
hours 11 a. m. to 9 p. mv" 4,13 Mason ;no sign.
MRS. E. L. DAVIS, clairvoyant, card reader.
859 Mission st., room fl. ,-.¦? / ! :-..¦ ¦ • .
MME. BARTAN, professional "' card reader.
.216% Sixth at.: 25c. . '.. '
MME. LAMAR, wonderful palmist; card read-
er; 25c r 00c. 820 Jones St.; hours 1-9 p.' m.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tlngs dally. 44SK Jeaale St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
CAKPET BEATIJfOATO CLEANING.
AIR compressed, dry. ice cold; Is now univer-
sally used in sanitary cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or Injury: prices mod-
erat». Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO., Call bid.; phone Main 5237.
WHEN y«m become disgusted with your work
' send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 355-357 Tehama st. ;' tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning' Works. 1809 Har-
rlson st.; Al cleaning; 3c; tel. Mission' 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co., J. McQueen,
proprietor, 329 Guerrero St., tel. Mission 49.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prlcea
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate avevj telephone East 120.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country, PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 6586.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE — 4. sunny rooms, bath, basement and
very lars-e yard. 29 Harper at., near Thir-
tleth, bet. Sanchez and Noe. ¦-
COTTAGE of 7 rooms to let. 419 Laurel St.;
rent $30. '^ ' .' - •<
$27 60— 6- ROOM cottage to let. Key at Park
House. 2304 Fulton St.
¦yj CREDIT CLOTHIERS.
C. F. ADAMS CO. . «•
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole family from hats to
shoes; everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. 318 Mason 'at.
DENTISTS.
DR. GRUSS. 504-5-6 Callaghan bId^!7~Market
and McAllister sts., uses the Basford Obtun-
der, the only device ever Invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break-
Tff 1 ™. 1 . 11 20 ,. yrs: crown.: $3 W);- fillings. 50c!
platee, $5; full set; aU work painless and w» r .
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns $_ up; fillings, 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 3.'»c: crowns, $2- no
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt,204 Sutter.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory.HQ Taylor.
MCDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1010 Market.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST S
F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing'
languages, telegraphy, English branches- day
'and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
HINMAN'S Academy: a thorough school' of
dancing; established, 20 years. 1412 Polkfst
between Pine and California; both adult 'and
children's classes are now open for the season.
AYRES, the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; special summer course in all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
shlp, $5<); day and evening sessions.-, _
CALIFORNIA Business College.'. 305 Larkln st.'
. "A thorough school',' ; positions . secured for
' graduates; modem methods; ¦ Individual ln-
structlon. Writo for, illustrated catalogue. -.'
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
'for the university, law and medical colleges;
*. ref.. President : Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening, sessions. Phelan , bldg.
THE PAUL GERSON School ¦ of Acting. U the
foremost institution of the kind In the ¦ entire
• West; 12 teachers: send for, catalogue. Native
'. Sons'. bldg.,'i 414 Mason st. / •:.., __..-'
A— SAN FRANCISCO , Business V College/- 1236
Market st. — Practical, progressive,^reliable;
day and even Ins sessions; write for catalogue.
DANCING Tuesday/ Thursday, ; Saturday, \ Bun-
' day cvgs.. .Teutonla'- Hall.- Howard;" St.; nr."
Oth.' Prof. - Foster; society- dancing, taught.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. mech.*: sur-
vcy, -• assay,* cyanide ; . day. ev. ; ; eat.': 1 S64. -. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr.. City Hall.-
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrictty,24 Post
st.', : 8.*: F. ; ' a practical school f of ¦ engineering ;
¦ complete equipment." "'Special j catalogue ; free.'
1 GOLDEN: Gate Com' I. College, '630: Golden ;Gato
ave. ; full.- business course;; day.; and ' v evening.'
SCHOOL " OF * ILLUSTRATION.' .r.. '.Day -and
PARTINGTON'S, 424 Pine at;TT:Nlght- class.
ARITHMETIC.' bookkeeping, 1 grammar, iwritlng,
I' ¦: pta.: rtitv or eve. 15 mo. 1021 Mission. nr. - 6th.
HELP 'WANTED— FEMALE. ;
WANTED— Cook no wash. $35; 4 cooks, $30;
2 parlor maids, $25. $30; 6 second girls, $25;
laundress for Sacramento. $25, for a home;
nurse San Rafael. $25; 4 waitresses for com-
mercial hotel, country: kitchen helper. In-,
stltution' $25: housework. $30: chambermaid
and waiting, $20. $22 50; housekeeper, $22 50;
cook for girl students, $38; waitress for cafe,
$8; 44 houseglrls. city and country. $20, $25,
$30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT ~& CO.. 834
Sutter st. ¦ : . •
A PARLOR maid and waitress for 3 in family,
$30 a month; a thoroughly good second girl.'
: $25; a good cook for 6 In family. $35; a cook
with some knowledge of German cooking,
$35; a waitress for hotel. $20; a German
nurse for one grown child, $26; 30 housework
girls for city and country, $30 and $25.
MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St.. nr. Powell.
AT S. F. Emp. Bureau. 17 Fourth at. — Woman,
light work. 12 to 6 p. m.. $15 and found;
¦woman, housework, . city. $30 and found;
waitress city, private, $30 and found; 6
girls, salesladies. Oakland. $6 week. S. F.
Emp. Bureau; phone Grant 11. ¦ .
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
. both seasons taught from start to finish in 1
month for' $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladles, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn hairdressing.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school in
Weat 233 Geary St., room IS.
A — LADIES to learn all branches halrdresslng
trade; manicuring, massacre, etc. 1236 Mar-
ket st., cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve, class; call. ¦
SEWING MACHINE 'OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES, 32 % FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION, NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WANTED — Experienced Jacket and skirt alter-
ation hand. Apply between 9 and 11 a. xn." at
HALE BROS.' ..¦••¦; -. ,
EXPERIENCED salesladies wanted. GREEN-
BERG & GREENBEIUJ. Geary at. . and
• Grant ave.~ .
EXPERIENCED alteration hands on skirts and
jackets. Apply Superintendent's Office, Em-
porium.
MANICURER for shaving parlor. Crossley
building. New. Montgomery and Mission ets.,
sixth floor. - .
A LADY of indomitable energy to make money
and a convincing talker. P. PERSON, 477
and 478 Parrott building.
¦WANTED — An experienced wrapper. Apply
SANBORN. VAIL & CO.. 741 Market st. ,
GIRL for general housework; good wages.' 862
Lombard et. • • ..
YOUNG girl to mind baby. B07 Mission st. ' .
A HAIRDRESSER; state salary and experi-
ence; also an apprentice. Box 2945, Call.
NEAT girl for general housework; wages $15;
references. 31 Guerrero st. • • •
EXPERIENCED lunch and dinner 'waitress;
good pay. 631 Clay st. • " .
GIRL or middle-aged woman to assist in gen-
eral housework. Apply 848 Thirtieth St., Oak-
. land. -¦¦¦:¦•.-
GIRLS about 15 for factory work: good wages.
Apply at once. AMES A HARRIS. 100 Sac-
ramento st. .
GIRL wanted to assist with light chamber
work; must understand sewing. 1124 Gough.'
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
.' M. G. Barrett, instructor. 302 Montgomery.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
'.'. received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. '. ; ' -. - - .
• HELP WAKTED--.MALB.' T
PACIFIC E^i?L^Y^im?r~AGENCY: ~~"~~^
520— SACRAMENTO ST.— 520.
Phone Main 1191. .. Cor. Leldesdorft st. ;
10 • laborers' cheap' fare, ship to-night, big
Job, $2 25 day.
',BUTTE CO.. CHICO— HALF FARE— Ship
to-night; "25 2 and 4 horse- teamsters $2 23
and $2 50 day— TO-NIGHT.
' 6 tunnelmen; half fare." $00 found; 6 labor-
ers, long Job, $07 50; raftman,' lumber.com-
. pany.; boss here to-day. , $3 to $3 ' 60 day; as-.
. sistant gardener, middle-aged; near city, $26
' found. -¦
' SPECIAL.
Farmer and wife." orchard •„¦ and : ranch, on
. shares. ; boss : here ; ? bookkeeper., and ; account-
ant, lumber company,>boss here, good wages; I
cook. : city.' $30 found : potwasher. hotel, also !
a bar porter, . $30 ' and $25 found, new, fare :
.paid to-day;, 'call: early; elevator boy, $30 1
.found, hotel; 3 farmers: woodchoppcr, $4
• cord, ; every thing, furnished; 15 tiemakers, •
tools * furnished. 9c- to 18c, tie; call to-day.!
PACIFIC -EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 520
¦ ¦ Sacramento st.; ' •
MILKER.' $40. and found,* 1 see boss here;: fruit
, farmer ; and ; wife. 5 - $45 and found; boarding- }
house . cook. ' $40 . and < found ; oysterman. , $40
and board; butler, $35 and found, and others.
J.F. CROSETT & CO., 623 Sacramento st.' i
ANDRE'S Office, 317, Stockton St.— Cook, hotel,
Fresno Co.; .$50; waiter, . grillroom, $10 60
'•' week; ' waiter, .coffee - house, ; $30 >; and found;
'. butler; "- $45 ; t second :¦ bu tl er, j $35 ; oysterman,
.. assistant," $40 : and : board, etc. • l -.- ¦'-.,->-. : •'
AT: a:< F. EMP. ;¦ BUREAU.' 17 ; Fourth '; st.—
' : Laborers ¦¦ and ! rockmen, city,' $2 25 day; ' new
..Jobs of all kinds* in city... Call early and we
clwlll place you. ¦;' /¦
WANTED-- By -^^ large importing .^ house.-, an of- '
I flee boy about. 15 years old; must.be of. neat
appearance, and reside with parents. Address
in own handwriting, box 2944. Call office, i
V''''- ;:: v '""""• ¦ ~ — ¦ --« ¦ _ 1
.WANTED — Active -advertising .and -insurance •
r- solicitors on new.^proposition: sells on Its own
'..merit; .'exclusive* territory :,i tor good 'agents; '
- good compensation. .' Call from 9 to 10 a. m., j
[ ; " suite ; 19; i Columbian bldg., ; 91C = Market 1 st. rv' I
TRYv our ; men's shoes, union made,^ at $1 and i
$1 50 ' per ' pair, ? foot- form : shoes at $2 "50/ or
•; "orthopedic shoes,'$3 50; best shoes on earth. '11
'-; Third st.VyExam.*: bldg.; 5 doors from Market.
WANTED— Experienced v young W man r to : run
.: electrical l elevator. Call -at "STRAUSS &
-;. FROHMAN'S,Tl07;:Post,8t. ; --%¦•'. .,,- u
GERMAN;; steady;; references; ! tend; bar; wine '
. business;: .useful; .,; married -preferred; call
:¦ ./ afternoon.'. 15 : City • Hall , square. ... ; . - . .- . ' . . •
; BOY*- wanted.-,/ Apply 'after- 9 -a. , m. . at the :
'y. Steveason-st. entrance --of -CH AS -LYOXS ¦
iy. London Tailor. -; ; 721 ; Market v st. ' y ,s -¦¦¦.¦"-'"
HANDY! man 3 for i toy, department/ • Apply^Su^
j-.perlntendent's', Office. 1 Emporium.,* ¦ . '- -
BOY -\ well i acquainted .with ' the city at > 1103
\i' Market ; »tr> "¦'¦¦-V'X-' '¦¦" •: ' ->--.¦-'•.¦• -•-
. . ..v-:-,,,-. •. . ::-.¦¦ ..¦ •.--•.'--.¦
GEORGE AOKI, 431 Post st : tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese ¦ employment office; fur-
nlshes best help; contracts for farm help, eta
A— ORPHEXJM Employment Office— Japanese-
Chlnase help. - 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 1C8; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main B188.
CHINESE and Japanese help: eotab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY A CO.. 640 Clay.
ESaiPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
A NEAT Swedish girt (good cook) wants a
place at $25 where there is a second girl kept;
also a good strong Swedish girl wants second
work. Call at MISS PLUNKE-TTS, 425 Sut-
ter st., near Powell. '
LADY, highly, educated, first-class pianist,
wishes room and board In exchange for ter-
vlces ag companion and to assist. Box 2943,
Call office. . '
A YOUNG girl would like to be a companion to
-,a lady In a high-class family; speaks French;
live with parents. 109 Day et., corner Dolores.
SWEDISH girl wants position to do 8"»eral
housework, American family; $25. M., -50
Lexington ave.. hear Twentieth st.
MIDDLE-AGED German lady wishes position
¦ as housekeeper In country; no lncumbrance;
small wages. 234 Minna st.
YOUNG woman would like a situation to do
general housework or take care of children;
best of references. 516 Pacific »t.
GIRL wishes position as second girl and wait-
lng. Call 2207 H Pine st.
GIRL wishes position as first-class cook; city
references. Call 2207 Vi Pine st.
FIRST-CLASS pianist wants position with or-
.. chestra or dancing school. Box 843S, Call.
A RESPECTABLE woman wants work by week
. or month; good plain cook; kind to children;
reference. Address Call branch. 300 Hayes.
GOOD Japanese girl, is a gord cook, will do
housekeeping; small family. 1239 Stevenson.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan A Church sta.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been - established at 1096
Valencia st. r , -
EMPLO |YB^yT^WAWTEp~-MALB.
2 UP-TO-DATE window trimmers, card writers
and electrical wish situations; confidential.
J. F. CROSETT, 62S Sacramento st.
POSITION wanted aa collector, salesman or
assistant bookkeeper by experienced and en-
ergetic man; city references. Box S437, Call.
WATCHMAN, first-class references from Gov-
ernment, wants position. Call 944 Howard st.
STRICTLY temperate honest • retired sea cap-
tain desires suitable employment, such as
shlpkeeper, wharfinger or in command of
yacht or steam launch, etc. Address R. F..
postofflce box 2163, San Francisco. Cal.
SINGLE, middle-aged, capable American, best
of references, will care for gentleman's place,
Alameda or near suburbs, for lodging and
provisions. Address 321 Ellis at., room 69.
ENERGETIC salesman, 7 years' experlenoe, is
desirous of accepting position as traveling
salesman .with mercantile house.' Box 2020,
Call office. ¦ ¦- -- - _ , . .
STRONG willing younar man would like a- po-
sition in ' a wholesale house; can make
himself . generally useful. Box 2045. Call.
A COLORED nu-a and wife want situations as
cooks in boarding-house; city. Address 1137
Pacific st. -.'"•¦-
PROFESSIONAL photographer, with 7 years'
experience, .desires situation. Address -Pro-
j fesslonal Photographer, box 3431, Call..
FIRST-CLASS dairyman and wife wish to
take charge of a small dairy in the country.
T. 8., .77 Ninth st. , . . . :;-
BOOKKEEPER; experienced in manufacturing
and other business: state salary. Box 3425,
Call office.. . • •¦•-¦'•¦¦•.¦• ¦ ¦ ¦ .
AMERICANIZED Chinese boy wants position;
' wholesale house or office; speaks and writes
English. Ed. 1011 Pacific 'at. . ' •
YOUNG Japanese boy wants position to help
photographic business: has good experience.
M. McKEE. 1703 Market st. ¦ ¦ " . -
YOUNG Japanese boy wishes situation as a
schoolboy. OKUDUISA. 1304 Post ' st.. tel.
Polk 2157. " - ¦-¦¦¦--¦-
JAPANESE, honest boy. wants a position as
- schoolboy. OGAWA. care Nako Hotel, 509
.. Bush St. .-. . '¦--¦ ¦¦'.-^¦¦-." :. ¦ : ¦:.. ;
JAPANESE strong man ' wants position to do
any kind of work before 7:30 a. m. or after
',. o:30 p. m. AKI, 1303% Castro st.,' -' '
JAPANESE boy desires position as schoolboy;
speaks English. K.UETA, 20 Lewis place. ,
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office. ; cor. Duncan A Church sta.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch. office. 2200, Flllmore.
' FLATS TO . LET. '¦- '' ' _ .
A— HOUSE8 and flats to let; an immense: list;
service ; absolutely free ; - take advantage of
this department; it will save , you time and
- trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
st.", on the square.
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses are-
listed In our: renting department; let us give
you a list and help you find one In the loca-
' tion yon - want. STERLING ? FURNITURE
,, COMPANY. 1039 : Market st. ; services ¦ abso-"
. : lutely free., '." .> '.¦¦: -~* '¦- - ---.'•- -."••" •*"
JONES. \ SIO.' near : O'Farrell— Rear lower flat.
;y;three sunny, rooms; large cellar: rent $lo. --.
ELLIS '. 810; nr." Polk— For business purposes; 3
¦: rms. ; ; all conveniences ; electric : light, power.
$lft— Upper flat to let., 518 Jersey, near, Twen-
i"ty-fourth:"*5Srooms>and bath. ¦¦*; _•
$375—5 ROOMS and bath ; handsome carpets
1 and; furniture;' worth ;double; before 12' or
after. 6 p.' m. a 354 Oak st. ¦'•'•'"¦
V""~. 'FPHNITtIRK FOR >AXJB._ i .[_',^ '¦_'':
$20 WILL buy furniture of a 3-room flat If sold
¦ ..-; to-day ; rent > $5. v 52 ; Jessie st. - ' -. ¦¦ • • "
; FUIIXITURE ; WANTED. ; >
A^WOLLPERT C773" Mission. V phone | Red '4460.'
v buys, rents, .repairs. 1 packs furniture, carpets.'
• HIGHEST, price for furniture and ; mdse. • L." H."
. BURD.fauctloneer.1818 Mkt.;tel.Howard 2756.*
.:.:". ;;'¦ * ' rAcnuii..*cABSAc»i; : v .^ " y^
A— WRINKLES removed; fine complexion guar-
~~? anteed. i new. method ; OOc.'y; M."; LUTON.' manl-
. ¦ curiosc sartors." 764 Laj-kln _t. : phon« Polk 17. I
THE. i§f CALL 1
JQgy D. sg-M-SgEIig. Proprietor.
Tims icssmcaiioEs to IQEj KcBADGHT, Kaiagtr
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Coa-
r.cct You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Offlc* Market and Third, S. F.
E.ilcrial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson at.'
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week, 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Torres by Mail. Including Postage (Cash With
Order):
J'AILY CALL (iiiclud. Sunday).. 1 year. .$8.00
DAILY CALJ. <lnciud. Sunday). 6 aos.. 4.«)
iiAILT CALL— By Single Month 73-;
SUNDAY CALJ* 1 Year 2.ftO
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year 1-00
l^nnr-irK- Dally. ...$S.M> Per Year Extra
Sunday.. 4.J5 Per Year Extra
I*OisTAO£. Weekly.. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
E«npl? Copies wilt be forwarded when re-
quested.'
Mai! rur*cribers in ordertmt chance- of ad- ,
Crers rho_:_ be particular to clve both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
j:rcmpt ar.d ccrrect compliance with their re-
CAKLAND OFFICE:
HIS Croadway Telephone Main 10S3.
BERKELEY OFFICE: '
21*8 Center Street Telephone North 77. |
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRANE 1406 O Street. N. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STAXDS:
Waldorf - AFtnrte Hot»l : A. Brentano, 81
Unlcn ?quare; Murray HU1 Hotel; Ftfth-are-
r.ue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel; Tremont House: Auditorium
Hotel: Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE.
C. GEORGE KROGNESS . . Marquette Bulld*c
'Long Distance Telephone, "Central 2619.")
NEW TOBK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH »0 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAP.LTON Herald Square
bESlicEES OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets: open
ur.Ul 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
t27' Montgomery street, corner Clay; cpen un-
til 0:S0 p. in.
."00 Ka>es street: cpen until 9:30 p. m..
ra> McAlItrter street; open until »:30 p. m.
•"15 Lcrkin street; open until 9:30 p. to.
1911 Motion street; ©pen until 10 p. m.
?2C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
c»tll S p. m.
7 Oft Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
IOt Valencia street; open until 9. p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
oprn until 9 p. m.
Northwest „ corner cf Twenty-second and
Kentucky streets; eren until 9 p. m.
rCOfi Fillirve street; open until 9 p. m. .
_J MKKT1X. NOTICES.
VERSA Buena Chapter of Rose r-i
Oroix No. 1. A. and A. S. R. of • :.-_J '____
F/>\, in. called and particular jGT~3
communication THIS (THURS- T?l^
KAY) EVENING, November 12, |1J
1303. st 6 o'clock, in the pre- K|
oTtcry of ihe rite. Commandery . I I
Hall. Masonic Temple, when the U
Order of Knight of Rose Crolx,
D-H-R-D-M.. <-is:hteenUi degree, will be con-
fcrrtd.in full form and ceremony, with new
arid appropriate mutlc and effects. All
KnirMi- lies p Crolx are Invited to attend. - *
HARRY J. LASK. M. W. and P. M.
- HENRT BURNER. Kt. Secretary.
MISSION Charter No. 79. R. A. M. — ©
Spec!*] meeting THIS (THURSDAY) VVT
EVKNING ~:'JO o'clock. M. M. de- /V\
gree. By ord'r of the H. P.
JNO. R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA LoSce No. 1. F. and A. «
if. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) VV
EVENING. Nov. 12. at 7:30 o'clock. /^f\
Third degiw. By order of the Master.
. p FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. O
M— Spwial meeting THIS (THURS- XX
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o" clock. Sec- /V\
end decree. Fellow-craft Masons cor-
dUUy invited. By order of the V,'. M.
FREDERICK BARKY, Secretary.
SOUTH San Francisco Lode* No. 212. «
F. and A. M.. m«*>ts THIS (THURS- >fVf
r>AY) KVENING at 7:30 o'clock f or /VN
Urst decree. By order of the Master.
E. C. HARE, Secretary.
DQSIG Lodge No. 21«. F. and A. M.— Q
Spf-rlal matins THIS (THURSDAY) VV
EVENING at 7:30 o - clock. First de- /V\
£"<-•.-. liv cnlcr of the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
STARR KING Lodge No. 344. F. and «
A. M.. 317 Devisadero st — First de-VY
gr.* THIS EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. /^^
Master Slasens cordially invited. By
order of the W. M.
A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
LOlJGE FRANCO-AMER1CAINE ,c*»_r<*_.
No. 207, I. O. O. K.— Memb.TS^_ijd^2fe.
crt requested to attf-nrt our n i ?xt>^^^* l J
regular meeting THURSDAY. **z8to4^
November 12. Initiation. Visitors are wel-
come. J. V. OROGNON. N. O.
L. L. P.EMY. Secretary.
EUREKA Lodge No. 3. K. of P.—
Attend funrrai of our late brother, *?§_>,•
JOHN D. MAHLER, from our hall.
jun FRIDAY. Nov. 13. 1903, at 1 _S_$_»
p. m. By order JBi"*>*
FRED KLEIN. C. C
J. W. C BEATTIE, K. of R. and 8.
THE Kan Francisco Scottish Thistle - *-y
Club m-ets THIS (THURSDAY) 3k 3_fc SH
EVENING. Fraternity Hall. 32>\x^
O'Farrell ft., at S o'clock. Nomi- ¦"*£_!>%
nation of officers for ensuing term.
GEO. W. MILLER, Royal Chief.
GEO. W. PATERSON, Recorder.
MEMBERS of Awashte Tribe No. 89. _-_-___.
L O. P.. M., take notice to attmid "^aSKS
;h* funeral of our late brother, tf&^f
JOHN FRANCIS. 305 Montgomery ave
FttlDAY. Nov. 11, 1903, at 2 o'clock.
NOTICE of meeting of stockholders — Office of
Fpring Valley Water Company, roon. 3. sixth
lioor, 12t> Stockton street, San Francisco,
Ctl.. September 15, 1Jh3 — To the stock-
holders of the Spring Valley Water Com-
pany: Notice is hereby given that, pur-
tuaut to a resolution of the Board of Direct-
ors of the Spring Valley Water Company, a
corporation, unanimously adopted en the 15th
cay of September. 1903, at a meeting of
taii board, duly called and held at the
office cf said company in tbe city and county
of Ban Francisco. State of California, a
meeting of the stockholders of nald corpora-
tion will b< held at the office and principal
place of business of said corporation, to-
wit, in room three, sixth floor. In the build-
leg en tbe southeast corner of Geary and
Stockton streets. In the citjr and county of
£an Francisco. State of California, known
as No. 126 Stcckton street, said building
. beliig the building where the Board cf Di-
rectors of eald corporation usually meets
• nd -aid room being the room in said build-
ing where the directors and stockholder* of
•aid corporation usually meet, on Monday
the 23d day of November. 1803, at 2 o'clock
p. ta.. tori the object and purpose cf then
and there ' considerins and voting upon a
proposal 'to create a bonded indebtedness of
cald Spring Valley Water Company in the
sum of twenty-eight million (J28.O00.O00 00)
dollars, payable December 1, 1923, with In-
terest thereon at the rate cf 4 per cent
per anr.um. payable s-eir.l -annually, and prin-
cipal and Interest payable In cold coin of
the United States of America of the present
standard of weight ana fineness; and to
secure the bonded indebtedness, to proposed
to b» created, by a mortgage ut-xi or deed
cf trust of aU the property of said corpora-
tion now owned or which It may hereafter
acquire and during the life or term of said
xnortgaxe or de«d of trust. By order cf
the Board of Directors.
PELHAM W. AMES,
Eecretary of the Spring Valley Water Com-
I»apy.
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting— The annual meet-
ing of The Union Ice Company win be held
at de office of the company. 324 Pine st..
Fan Francisco, on 'WEDNESDAY, November
3«. 1903. At 3:15 p. m.. for the purpose of
electing a board of directors to serve for the
ensuing year and for the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
Ing. C. K. MELROSE. Secretary.
November 4. 1008. .
ACE.VTS WASTED.'-
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that is
a decided improvement on building and loan
is worth having. Great Western Improve*
ment Company. Parrott bldg.
ATTOnjVI-yS-AT-LAW.
W. H. BITTNElC ~"~ ' v'
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Phone South 743.
Suit Z22. Emma Spreckels building.
Ii;-.-orc«* quietly and legally, obtained for
eight causes; rtamajrea secured for Injuries to
i-<-:f««n or estate: replevins for pro&erty un-
lawfully detained; attachments and garnish-
ments for lebts; bonds furnished; bankruptcy
proceeding; wills probated: estates settled;
collections' mace in all Darts of the U. S.
AA— TI£E-J>r-J Advisory. Inc.: reliable attor-
neys; practice In ell courts; attachments, di-
vorce, estaXes, bankrt'ptcy, probate. .511.
MIA. 511B Croes'ey bids;.. N. E. - cor. ¦ New
Mcntcomcry and Mission *ts. ; tel. John 2326.
ADVICE fr-* — I will advance cost in meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
cases; no fee* In advance: open every even -
tag. 3. M. THCRETON. 819 Market St.. r. 31.
ATTORXEY.AT-IiAW-^-CoBtinned.
""" " """advice" free.
i OLD ESTABLISHED.
COLUMBIAN LAW & COLLECTION AOENCY
Able attorneys. Rm. 83. 91« Market, opposite
Emporium. .Bad tenants ejected speedily and
reasonably. Collections, no matter how small,
attended to; attachments; bonds furnished: cor-
porations organized; civil and criminal practice.
Tel. John 622ti. Open evenings by appointment.
We «ol»cit an lntervle-w with you.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fee.
See me a-><"« eavs money: no pay In advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 yrs, ; rms. 1, 2, 3, 4 & 6. 1st tt.
1122 Market St.. between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free, all matters. Detectives employed.
ROBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid..
room 611; all cas^e. damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc., consultation
free; no advance charges; call or write;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3001.
ADVICE fre%— I xvlll advance costs in all cases
of mertt ; no advance charges, no fee, unless
successful. E. J. BANKS, Examiner build-
ing', third floor. . ¦ ." ¦ - "¦:
DIVORCE costs $12; open evenings; tenants
' ejected. $5. 010 Market, r. 52; phone Black 651
L. S. CLARK, Emma Sprackerls bldg., 927 Mar.
ket st.; consultation freo; no fees in advance.
AITKEN 4~AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 309-10-11
Clunie bldg., £03 California st.; tel. Main 727.
N. TEMPLE, atty-at-law. 03 Chronicle bldg.;
commissioner for oaths, England and Ireland.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
law business. W. W. Davidson. 927 Market.
BUSINESS CHAKCI29.
rT'gT'wiLKe! Real Estate and Business
Agent (established 14 years), 2GH Kearny
St., rooms 0 and 10.
A $1600 coffee saloon and restaurant on
the water front, close to Market St.; dally
receipts about $65: business clearing $300 per
month; trial given; a splendid offer: Investi-
gate at once. See K. G. WILKE. 26&
' Kearny st. ' , .
A— $3500; HOTEL and barroom with 30 rooms,
j In Point Richmond; rent $100; rooms always
occupied by employes of railroad and Stand-
ard Oil. Company; board bill guaranteed by
companies; owner never clears less than $300
per month. Call R..G. WILKE, 26 & Kear-
ny st. . .
A— $900; SALOON on water front, with 8 fur-
nished rooms; .3 iron bedsteads in each
room: 2% years' lease; rent $35; rooms alone
pay $70 per month and saloon. doing a good
business. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— $400; CIGAR stand, close to Market St.;
stock will invoice the price; dally receipts
$15: rent $30. Call R/-G. WILKE. 2tt«4
Kearny st^
A— CIGAR stand close to i Market and Ellis
sta.; good will; $700 stock at invoice; rare
rhance; best business location. Call R. G.
WILKE. 28^4 Kearny Bt. .
A— $1050; STATIONERY and school supply
store on Geary St.; this etore Is kept by pres-
ent owrer 16 years and will stand . closest
- investigation. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H
Keamy st. . ' - . ' ¦
A— $3M>: EMPLOYMENT office, doing a good
business; must be sold at once on- account
of sickness In owner's- family. Call 'R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny et. .
A— $4000; ELEGANT and flrst-clats saloon
doee to Market St.; net rent $125; <% years'
lease. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26 %
Kearny st.
A— $350: CIGAR stand on Third St.. close to
Call building: a good paying stand. See
R. G. WILKE. 26fr Kearny sL
A— $2650; CORNER grocery and bar with 10
years' lease; rent $00: on leading buslnees
street south of Market; place established
years. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 2<Jtt
Keamy st. ;'
A— $1800: HALF Interest In one of the best
corner saloons on water front; lease; disagree-
ment of uartners cause of sale; will sell
whole for $3400. Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
A— $1250. CORNER saloon on Fourth St., clooe
to S. P. freight eheds; 8 furnished rooms
and kitchen; a good saying business. See
It. G. WILKE, 2Ci$ Kearny st.
A— $S00; DAIRY oroduce and delicatessen
store; rent $22: business clears above $100
p*r month: living rooms: value In sight.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny St.
A^ MERCHANTS. ATTENTION.
Do you wish to enlarge your business, or do
you desire additional capital? If so, we can
furnish you with an active or silent partner
who will invert from $100 to $50,000; we
have a large number of desirable applicants
on our books see-king good business openings.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO.,
Suit 321, Emma Spreckels bldg.
STRANGERS. ATTENTION!
Are you looking for a safe and profitable busi-
ness opening in San Francisco? If bo. we can
offer you any number requiring an investment !
from $100 to $50,000: every business opportu- I
nity that passes through our office must stand
the closest Investigation, and we can place
you in a store, factory, hotel, mill, office, or,
in fact, any business you may prefer; kindly
call and investigate.
.. ' GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit 321. Emma Spreckels Building.
$200 CASH and services secures interest In
high class real estate office: third party
wanted to Incorporate. GERMANIA IN-
VESTMENT COMPAN-Y. 322 Emma Spreck-
els building.
A PROMINENT percentage bookmaking firm
proposes making one of the largest books on
the California racetracks during the coming
winter. The public is invited to take stock
in our book. Amounts received in sums of
$25 and upward. Statements and settlements
made weekly. We positively do not take
any chances, as this book will be conducted
etrtctly upon a percentage basis, the only
system of bookmaking that is certain of suc-
cess and has stood the test of years. Can use
subscription of $2000 more. Call or write for
particulars, THE HERMIS CLUB, rooms 3
and 4. 930 Market et.
FOR sale — Furniture, carpets and good will of
a new brick apartment house of 175 room*
in the city's .wellest locality; partly fur-
nished, and although Just opened is over half
filled with regular tenants already: long
lease; if you want an apartment house don't
fall to get particulars of this at rooms 1404
and 14C5. Call building.
GOOD opportunity for an intelligent young
man 23 to 35 years old; I will teach one of
the best arts in America in 5 months for
$200 cash, with contract to leave you in a
position getting $100 a month at the end of
5 months. Box 3434. Call office.
$8000— BEST paying country hotel in Califor-
nia; profits clear about $400 month over ex-
penses; cause, sickness; whole property in-
cluded; alt completely furnished. THE AL-
DEN CO.. 1118 Broadway. Oakland.
$1400 — OLD established bakery and coffee sa-
: loon in Alameda County; all complete. P. C
LASSEN & CO.. 466 Tenth St.. Oakland. Cal.
ONE-FIFTH interest and salary position in
mfg. buslners for the sum of $3000; particu-
larly suited to young man desiring an in-
dustrial business career. Box 3433, Call.
WANTED — Party to Invest In exclusive patent
right for Pacific Coast. Address Patent, box
3432. Call. ,
HORSESHOEING, carriage making business
for sale: owner leaving city; bargain. Fell
and Gough sts.
FOR sale — Barber shop: 3 steady chairs; big
bargain. Western Realty Co.. 1007^5 Market.
BAKERY for sale at 1550 Church st. : good
buglsess; all -tore trade; owner going East.
WHOLE or half interest In one of beet located
saloons in city. Box 3423. Call office.
DELICATESSEN, liquor store; good location,
for sale; r»as.: no agents. Box 8426. Call.
BRANCH bakery for sale. 1020% Hyde St., op-
pozlte power-house.
LODGI.NG-HOL'SES FOn SALE.
¦*•
MARION GRIFFIN.
Room No. 406. - "Examiner" building.
. Phone Black 3607. Take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date offices. Strictly business methods
¦;. i. NEW AND MODERN.
47 rooms, elegantly furnished in vtlvet car-
pet* and golden oak: electric elevators; leas*
for 5 years: make offer; will clear $215.
FIRST-CLAPS HOTEL— $7000.
Cost $14,000; clears $400; aristocratic; corner
40 ROOMS — $1000.
Wide halls: 2 floors; rent $100; long lease-
building and furniture nearly new.
15 ROOMS— MAKE OFFER.
Near First Congregational Church; clears
$C5 month; owner leaving city;- Installment
sale.
IS ROOMS— $600.
This big flat Is full of roomers; north of
market; rent $25; almost no work.
100 ROOMS— $S500.
Hotel, new and modern lti ¦ every depart-
ment, electric elevator; electric lights, suites
with private baths: large commercial sample
rooms; long lease; special attention to tourl.t
and family trade. £«N_MMBgM|
$200 DOWN.
S-room corner fiat. 4 blocks north of Mar-
ket: rent $30; price $CV»; newly furnished
OUR NICEST*. "„
SO rucms, new and modern 1 ; extra fine fur-
nishings; hot water in every room: very swell-
$1CU> to Jl.ViO cash necessary; clears $170 ••-"
$4500 — Clears $*00.TO $500. '
Greatest transient money r - house In . San
Francisco; ¦will clear $400 to $500 a month:
the best business proposition in this city; re-
duced for quick sale to $4500; strict accounts
; kept. ' ¦. . . - -
\ .22 ROOMS. . ¦
¦. Partly furnished house In nice ' location; 4
blocks north of Market; full: eric* *ft0a,-*-.S.
This couple would seem to be deeply in love.
Tp judge from their attitude noted above, ;
. ¦ . '.And. the chap, while his arm round the girl he lets drop.
Thinks this a' grood time the grreat question to pop.'
He's undoubtedly rififht, but Jusfhere we wiirsay
There is never a time when .The Call ads don't pay.
The cost is but trifling. -the returns are e'er great,
> ; . Since this paper is found In all homes of the State.Held on Forgery Charge,
John Cooper, alias Harry Cooper, was
held to answer before the Superior Court
by Police Judge Conl&n yesterday on a
charge of forgery in $3000 bonds. On Oc
tober 29 he passed a check for $24 drawn
on -the Wells-Fargo Bank and purporting
to be signed by Martin & Hankie on W.
E. Grant, a saloon-keeper,* -52S Jackson
street.
Thrown From Buggy.
C. C. Wells, formerly a police officer.
was thrown from his buggy, at tbe corner
of Pierce and McAllister streets yesterday
afternoon and suffered a dislocation of
the shoulder blade. .Wells was driving
with his son, when the horse took fright
at a passing car. The son was also,
thrown to the ground, but escaped with
out injury.
GRASS VALLEY. Nov. 1L— The propo
sition of the State University to establish
an, agricultural station in this county is
creating much r interest ; here. What in
terests local, people most is the proposed
plan of- H." H. Lawrence and the univer
sity to experiment on .the hills with a
new plant calculated to furnish feed for
sheep. If this plant will convert. the bar
ren hillsides into extensive ranges, as
claimed, it means a big awakening among
the sheep men. If the .University of Cal
ifornia means to locate, an experimental
farm ' in .' Nevada \ County strong l induce
ments will be offered by influential local
men to establish ; it • near this place, where
Ideal conditions exist. .
Sheepmen- Are Greatly Interested.
A suit for $1175 damages was filed
against the Geary Street, Park and Ocean
Railroad Company yesterday by Jose
phine Hubbard, who on the afternoon of
June 2S last fell from a Geary-street car
at tbe Junction of Grant avenue , and
Geary street. She claims that her fall
was caused by the t<g> sudden starting
of the car.
Says Car Was Hastily Started.
M. Blum of Bier & Regensburgerj.
money brokers, secured a warrant from
Police Judge Mogan yesterday for the ar
rest of Robert Bitber on a charge of ob-,
taming money by false pretences. Blum.
alleges that Bither represented to hnr*
that ho was. Walter Evans and on that
representation was advanced $25. Both
Bither and Evans are employed by the
Pacific Laundry Company.
Impersonates Another Man.
John T. Whelan, 518 Vermont street, se
cured a warrant from Police Judge Mogan
yesterday for the arrest of Mrs. Emma
Brant, a neighbor, on a ¦ charge of dis
turbing the peace. Whelan says that both
families use the same party telephone line
and alleges that many . times recently,
particularly last Monday, Mrs. Brandt
has called up his wife by telephone and
has used Insulting language toward her.
Party Line Leads to Trouble.
The case of David Levy, a tailor from
Los Angeles, charged with disturbing the
peace, came up for trial before Police
Judge Cabaniss yesterday. The complain
ing witness. Miss Angelina Sartorlua. a
pretty girl, IS years of age, testified that
while she was walking with her elder sis
ter, Alvanise, at Turk and Mason streets.
Levy stepped between them and grabbed
hold of her arm. He walked along with
them for' three) - blocks, and persisted In
talking to them and wanted her not to go
to her aunt's, but to go with him. Sho
was corroborated by her Bister. The Judge
continued the case till to-morrow and In
creased the . defendant's ball to 1200 cash.
Levy's Bail Increased.
NEVADA CITY, Nov. 11.— C. P. Wilson,
a miner, who had accepted a Job cutting
wood on the Parsons place, about three
miles from Grass Valley, on the Banner
road, is missing, and his disappearance
has caused his employer and friends' to
fear that he . may have lost his life or
been done awaj\ with. Four weeks ago
Wilson drove by Waiter Cannon's place,
at Hills Flat, in a buckboard, and Can
non offered him a job cutting wood. Wil-
Bon Bald he was a miner, but having
trouble with his "lungs would accept the
job In the hope that the change of occu
pation might benefit him. He rented a cab
in on the Parsons place, stocked it with
provisions, purchased the necessary tools
and put his horse on pasture at the Han
sen place. He paid for all his supplies
and went to work. Five tiers of wood
shows what work was done. When Can
non went to the place not long ago he
found things in good order, but Wilson
was missing. The buckboard was stand
ing at the cabin, the tools were where
Wilson had been using them and the
wood that had been cut had been piled up
for measurement. A search was made in
the vicinity, but no trace of Wllson\was
found. His rent was paid in advance, he
had received nothing on the work done
and all his effects are still on the ranch.
He Is the Victim of Foul
Play.
Priends of C. E. Wilson Fear That
NEVADA COTJNTY MINEB
SUDDENLY DISAPPEABS
J. A. Burton of this city will go to Los
Angeles to become a partner in the
Grant Bros.' Construction Company, a
railroad contracting firm. Burton was re
ceiver of the California and Nevada Rail
road, which he sold to the Santa Fe. Ha
has been connected with the contracting
firm named since 1890. In that period Ha
assisted in the building of a great many
miles of road and established a reputation
for efficiency. Upon the death of A. A.
Grant he acted as Grant's executor under
the will of the capitalist and closed up
his business.
The California* and Nevada Railroad
was one of the enterprises in which Grant
was interested. There was some litiga
tion over the bonds of the road. Burton
handled the business successfully. The
company in which Burton now becomes
a partner is engaged In constructing
about 120 miles of railway in Arizona,
from Prescott to Phoenix, and also is
building about sixty miles of road from
Prescott to the Crowned King mines. .
Former Beceiver of California and
Nevada Company Besrumes Active
Work of Construction.
GOES TO LOS ANGELES
TO BTJHJ> BATXROABS
Columbian Banking- Company Begins
. Action Against W. J. Watson for
Nearly $15,000.
A suit for 514,072 37 was filed yesterday
by the Columbian Banking Company
against W. J. "Watson, manager of the
Pacific Refining and Roofing Company.
Tha money is due on three promissory
notes executed by Watson in January.
1901, and In May and August, 1903. Judg
ment Is also asked for. interest at 8 per
cent on tvro of th« notes and 12 per cent
on the other.
The note made in January, 1301, is for
$10,000. It was made payable In ninety
days and calls for the payment of In
terest at the rate of S per cent, com
pounded monthly. The note made in May.
1903, is for $279 37, with interest at 8 per
cent, compounded monthly, and the note
of August, 1302. is for $3755. with Interest
at 12 per cent, also compounded monthly..
SITES TO BECOVEB MONEY 'M%
DUE ON" PBOMISSOBY NOTES
THE SAN FEA^CJSCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 12. 1903.
13
REAL ESTATE CITY— FOR SAI^K.
Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 MONTGOMERY ST.
• -•. AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
~v. AUCTION
r auction »
Of Investment, residence and unimproved
prcperties will U held at our salesroom. MON-
DAY, NOYEJfBKR 18, 1903, at 12 o'clock noon.
_,, REFEREE SALE.
T73-0-7 Bush St.. b«t. Powell and Mason; im-
pro\-era«nts consist of 3 flats o* 5-S-ll rooms
itnd bath each; rents »7S per mo.; 22x84; sub-
ject to confirmation by the Superior Court.
CLEMENT1NA-ST. INVESTMENT.
S23 Clementina, st, north line, near Fourth
rt.; improvements consist of a 2-story frame
dwelling of 9 rooms and bath; rented low at $23
per month.
No. 2.
324 Clementina st. ; improvements consist of a
ccttage of S rooms; rented low* at $13 pe.*
month.
BUCHANAN-ST. RESIDENCE.
1C23 Buchanan «t.. bet. Po«t and Geary; Im-
provements coajslst of a 2- story dwelling of 7
rooms end bath; rents 1ST 60 per mo.; lot 2ix
87:6.
BRYANT-ST. INVESTMENT.
P12 Bryant St., north line. bet. 6th and "th.:
Improvements consist of • tenements; rents |40
; per month; lot 25x75.
CHOICE BUILDING LOT.
Page et.. near Clayton; unimproved lot. 25x
137:«: level anj ready to build on.
FOLSOM-of. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
1227 Folsom St.. bet. 8th and Oth; improve-
ments cocflst of 2-etory dwelling of S rooms
and bath and 2 rear flats of 3 rooms each; rents
$43 per month; Jot 25x90
DOWNTOWN PROPERTY.
525 Howard St.. bet 1st and 2d; old lmprove-
( meets oosslst of double house of C rooms; rents
] nominal; lot 25xS5; splendid holding to im-
1 prove.
M. LANDERS ESTATE.
The follo-wlng five properties must be sold to
¦ close the above estate:
No. 1.
824 Shotwell et.. west line, bet. 22d and 23d;
j Improvements consist of a substantial 2-story
! resilience of 9 rooms and bath, with stable and
fiat of 4 rooms and bath In rear; rents f 50 per
month; 40x122:6 irregular.
No. 2.
Sbotwell St., west line. bet. 22d and 23d sts.;
choice building lots; splendidly located In th«
> Mission -warm belt; 3 lots. "7:6x145 each.
No. 3.
Mission Ft., east line, bet, 22d and, 23d sts.;
2 lets. 25x112:6 each.
No. 4.
Market 6t.. southeast line, bet. Dolores and
Church sts. ; unimproved, lot, 25x100; splendid
holding for enhancement
No. 8.
Lot No. 3 cf block No. 284. South San Fran-
cisco and Railroad Homestead Association. 75x
100.
For further particulars of the above and for
catalogue apply
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery st.
$2600. ~" ~ ~
MONTGOMERY-AVE. CORNER.
Orer 42 feet frontage, with two-story frame
building.
THOMAS MAGE-B & EONS,
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
MODERN cottages; finished complete with
every convenience; easy terms; large lots.
4 rooms — 1 2»00.
6 rooms — $3250.
6 rooms — $.1500.
6 rooms — $3600. . «
7 rooms — $4100.
6 rooms — $4000.
Located on First end Second ave., bet.
Geary and McAllister st. cars and cce block
north of park. F. NELSON, builder.
$200 AND $20 month; cottage. 6 r. and b., on
Diamond, bet. Jersey. Elizabeth. 25th, Army.
$4500 — 2 new flats. 4-5 r. and b: Mission & 29th.
$5C0 dov.n; rents pays the balance.
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3S03 Mission st
$50.000— 3-STORY rressed brick and basement
building in the very center of Oakland; lease
for five years under guarantee lease; paying
owner 6 per cent net on $50,000. Address
Owner, box 843. Call office. Oakland.
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
FOR sale — SE. corner of Vicksburg and EIlz-
abeth: lot D(»xll4: $2400. 25-'!6 Howard St.
FINE income fiats on Fulton, nr. City Hall;
reasonable. Inquire 142 Fulton St., owner.
I CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, eent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
j HEAL ESTATE Caantry — For Sale.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 64S
Market st.
FOR poultry and dairy ranehen yielding a good
profit. HAMILTON & KENDRICICPetaluma.
I CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
rorVT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
I WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts;
mgp» phr-trm etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldr.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
I in University Heights, adjoin^
ing university crounds.
$100 — 10-foot lots, one block from car line 1
j factory site; on water front and railroad, West
I Berkeley; S10 per front foot.
3 acres, near town line; 6-room house, well,
barn, fruit trees, etc.; near electric cars-
$2600; owner's health falling; must be sold at
I once.
CHENEY & BERRY.
I Postofflce B'ock. Berkeley. .
OAKLAND iBTEHTlSEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND ItKAL ESTATE.
j $ti5lK> — BITILT and formerly occupied by the
present Governor at a coat of $i>000; house
of 10 rocms; dining-room, library, hall and
entrance finished in hard wood; hot air
heaters, modern dumbing, electric spark
lighting, 5 expensive mantels; beautiful
etyle of architecture; fine marine view
corner lot, 75x125, with rustic stone coping
and iron fence, coet over $1000; convenient
to school and cars and business center;
present owner a non-resident and must
eell; no reasonable offer refused: first
cc:ne first served. J. S. MTERS or OEO.
W. AUSTIN*.
I $"250— JUST think of It; 2 cottages. 6 rooms,
bath, i/aseraent. brick foundation, hot and,
cold water, gas. etreet work all complete-
lot S0xl50; fruit trees, carriage driveway 1
near cchool. local train, cars and business
center; present income $32 per month-
owner hae gone East and his lnptructiona
are t* Fe ll; we must sell, we will sell to
the fir*t applicant who will talk cash and
make reasonable offer. J. S. MTERS or
GEO. W. AUSTIN. """ 3 or
|55OO^S?t UC 3 ED tr ? m 'esOO-Death compels
owner to leaye for Lob Angela and hels
forced to ee'.l; location, Webster st n«»J
|^:only3 block, from the taStaeV. 2S?
ter. pot-tofflce and narrow-gauee local- 7
rooms, bath; only occupied 7 months- open
lawn, colonial style, nickel plumbing
plate glass; In fact an ideal homermufi
be sold; see It and make otter j S
MTERS or GEO. W._AUSTIN.
12500 COST and Is worth $3000— 35th B t near
Ban Pablo: only 4 blockTfrom K^y* route
Btatlon; 30 minutes from this h^jse to
Ban Francisco by Key route; only on§
fare; a modern bay-window cottars of J
rocms, bath, high basement; -lot 30x140-
2-story barn, gravel drives; j n faV. . *
Ideal home; terms only $500 cash baj'amv!
mortgage. Seeing is believing; call I earlv'
must be sold: no reasonable offer re'ii««2i
Brcldwayf R^ Or § AUS ™ i&
1200 CASH. $10 monthly, for 16 lots 200x200
covered with variety of fruit trees; more lanri
adjoining at same rate; price $500.
$5 cash. $5 monthly: 4 lots, 50*200- erica
$300; the same price for 100x100 feet square-
also more land if needed. '
$500 cash. S12 60 monthly; 6 full acres
French end German prune orchard; 2 fine
springs; no better soil or climate In Califor-
nia; away from fogs and raw winds; adjoin-
ing East Oakland; price $2750; will sell you
what you want of It. :
Call or send for circular, 455 Seventh st.,
opposite Broadway station, - Oakland. Car-
riage free. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
ABSOLUTELY new 8-room house, bath.' gas
amd electricity, elegant paneled dining-room,
fireplace, buffet, etc.; lot SSxllB; in fashion-
able Linda Vl*ta district; $350 down, only
$23 monthly; $3250; worth S3S00; selling ac-
count change of business. Call or address
"Owner." 410 Walsworth ave.; Oakland. •
$50.000 — Three-story, pressed brick and base-
ment building In the very center of Oak-
land; lease for. five years under guarantee
• lease; paying owner 6 per cent net on $50,000.
I Address Owner, box 643, Call Office, Oakland.
SPECIAL bargains — Two fine flats, rented for
$50 per month; price only $4700; good loca-
tion; also a One 4-room cottage, with bath;
only $1050. P. C. LASSEN & CO.. 460 Tenth
rt.. Oakland. Cal.
OAKL.AJVD FCItXITUIlE FOR SALE3.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Schellhaas, 11th et.,cor.6tore,Oaklnsl,
• SPECIAL NOTICES.
Ladles! CMchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
i are .best; safe reliable; take no other. Send 4c
stamps for particulars.- -."Relief for Ladles"
•' : ln letter by return mall.-' Ask your druggist.
'Chlchester Chemical Co.: 'Philadelphia. Pa.
: > SCIENTIFIC "OPTICIANS.
DURING the G. A. R. encampment Dr. Cllse,
1023 Market st.. bet. 6th-7th. fitted glasses to
Gen. Mllee: yon want' the best as well as he.
SEWING M ACKn>'jSS^ _AJXP S CJITL IK^
NEW HOME sewing machine; this week only;
$10 $15 520: slightly used; needier 20c dox.
NEW HOME S.'M.'-CO.. 1051 Maraet st.
spECJA3L1STS " ~
CATARRH~DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st.
STUTTERING - AND ySTAMMERim
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market — Cure
In rvery case; individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire Into wonderful cures ;home cure.
PROPOSALS for Clothing and Equipage.
Depot Quartermaster's Office, 36 New Mont-
. gomery St.. San Francisco; California, No-
: veml>er 0, lOOM. — Sealed proposals, ¦ In tripli-
cate will be received at this office until 10
o'clock a. m... Monday, November 2»." 1905,
Pacific Standard Time, and then opened, for
furnishing at either the Philadelphia. Bos-
ton Chicago or San Francisco depots, of
Mattresses. Pillows, Mattress - Covers. Bed
Sheets, Pillow Cases and Card Holders, con-
forming In all respects -¦ to - standards and
specifications to be seen at this office. Quan-
tities to be subject to an increase of 20 per
cent. If desired by the Department. Bids
for the same articles will be opened same
time at the other depots above mentioned.
To avoid misunderstanding as to the exact
nature of the articles to be furnished, bid-
der" will carefully examine the standard
camples aud speclncationE, so that proposals
may be submitted by them with a . full
knowledge of what will be required, as an
absoiuto compliance with the standards and
rpeoiticatlons will be lnaisted upon in the
inspection of the goods. Unguaranteed bids,
and bids for delivery, or inspection at other
points than those named above, will not be
considered. Early deliveries are essential.
Bidders must state in their proposals the
rate and time of dt livery, -should contract be
awarded to them. Preference will be given
to articles of domestic production and manu-
facture, conditions of price and quality being
equal (including in the price of foreigm pro-
duction and manufacture the duty thereon),
and such preference will be given to articles
of American production and manufacture
produced on the Pacific Coast to the extent
of the consumption required by the public
service thare. T*e United States reserves
the right to accept or reject any or all pro-
posals or any part thereof. Information and
blanks for proposals will be furnished on
application. Envelopes containing proposals
will be indorsed, "Proposals No. 8679," and
addressed to Major C. A. Devol, Quarter-
master. U. S. Army, Depot Quartermaster.
MARBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
Ulick C. Burke, 21, 433 Noe street, and Mary
Moran, 21, 1220 Pierce street. . —^V
Fred W. Beik, 40, 2474 Mission street, and
Theresa M. Gedeon, 25, Sacramento. *¦
Giuseppe Ribello, 66, city, and Maria Pa-
gano, 43, city.
Walter H. Matthies, 2S, 1524 McAllister
street, and Vcrna M. Cereghino. 26. Petaluma.
Gaetano Mancuso, 40, 415 Broadway; and
Romilda ReDetto. 24, 414 Vallejo street.
Manuel Zaraxoza. 22. 828A Pacific street,
and Irenie Salazar, 18, 028A Pacific street. |
Ross W. Smith. 2S, Los Angeles, and Helen
N. Davenport, 23, city.
William F. Riordan. SO, 11 Powell avenue,
and Delia A. Carey, 25, 716 Tehama street.
John Matson, 21, San Lorenzo, and Maggie
McSweent-y, ¦ 21, city.
Nicholas Poliiori, 25, 1132 Folsom street,
and Mamie W. Williams. 23, 1151 Folsom st.
D. Frank Webster, -2S. 1S48 Page etreet, and
Delia 15. Bee.be, 2s, 1157 Stanyan street.
Samuel Friedmar.n, 28. 2757 Bush street,
and Ssdic Roi-enstein, 22, 1433 O'Farreil street.
I Martin E. Brown, 23. 7 Elizabeth street,
and Minnie Valdez, 23. San Luis Obispo.
S. Nelson, 60. 131 Fifth street, and
Bertha Drosel, 43, 310 Folsom street.
Edward Gerlsoh. 27. 1 Marcy place, and
Katharine F. Mahnke, 23, 1 Hall place.
Peter Jensen. 32, city, and Sarah Larsen,
Fred O. Iiiiber. 25, 41 Third street, and
Emma Kdlm; 24. G23 -Larkln street.
Normand \V. Mohr. 2.1. 2218 Van Ness ave-
nue, unl Anna L. Segelken, .19, 2734 Twen-
tieth street.
Herman Atctrs, ."0. Lancaster, Pa., and Daisy
H. Bciwfltcer. 27, city.
Alvin 1V.-1 Phetteplaee, 20, 2831 Sixteenth
street, ar.«l Mamie Byrkett, 29, 32 Bernlce st.
• Walter E. Pratt, 21, Rio Vista, and Martha
E. James. 23. Rio Vista. " * *
Nicholas Barry, 2S, 2415 Clay street, and
Mary Fitigerald, 27. 2713 Clay street.
Enrico GhUardl, 21, South San Francisco,
nrid Itoflna Lera, 19. South San Francisco.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, man-lace and", death notices sent' by
mall -will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the- name and residence of p*r-
eons authorized to have the same published.
DIED.
Aherne, Margary Lend, Pllade
Blethen. James K. McCarthy, Johanna
Bliss. Mary J. Mahler, John D.
Canevaro, Frank Manning, John W. .
Davey, Maria . Neville, Charlotte
Delagnes, Rosine . Nichols. George B.
Fitzgerald. Jas. F. O'Brien, Mollle
Francis, John . O'Sulllvan, Jeremiah
Gately. John Roberta, Robert T.
Hamilton, Wm. J. Rogers, Clarence E.
Harrison, Annie • Rogers, George W.
Hedderich, Henry Seeger. Emil
I^arsen, Louisa Walsworth, Elizabeth
Layd&n, Michael
AHERNE— In this city, November 10, 1903,
Margary Aherne, wife of- Patrick Aherne,
and loving iwcther of Catherine, Dennis,
-Jennie and Eugene Aherne and Mrs. 11.
- Petersen, a native of County Donegal, Ire-
land.-
(C7The funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 3470 Twentieth street, near Mission,
thence to St Charles Borromeo's Church, \
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for tbe repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
BLETHEN— In this city, November 10, 1003,
James R., beloved son .of James H. and
Mary *E. Blethen, a native of San Fran-
" Cisco, aged 3 years 1 month and 16 days.
Q7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 437 Sixth street.
BLISS — In Alameda, November 11, 1903, Mary
Jane Bliss, beloved wife of J. G. Bliss,
mother of Joseph, Alfred, Arthur, Harry and
Grace Hawthorne Bliss, and daughter of
Rev. John Flynn of Vancouver, Wash.', a
native* of Oregon, aged 40 years.
CANEVARO — In this city. November 10. 1003.
Frank, dearly beloved son of Giovanni and
Geconima Canevaro, and brother of Bap-
tlste, Nicholas, Katie and Nelchesa Cane-
varo, a native of Zoagll, Italy, aged 24
1 years 0 months and 19 days. (Black -Dia-
mond. Martinez and Ant loch papers please
copy.)
<C7" Notice of funeral hereafter.
DAVET — In Oakland, _ November 11. 1903,
Maria Davey, beloved slater of Batie,
Mathew, * Thomas and the late Peter Davey,
and cousin of Mr*. D. J. Moran and Maggie
Davey, a native of South Leitrim. County
Ellgo. Ireland, aged 35 years.
E7Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
November 13, 1003, at 8:30 o'clock, from her
•late residence, 753 Jefferson etreet, thence to
the Church of the Immaculato Conception,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul at 9 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
DELAGNES— In this city, November 10, 1003.
¦''- Roslne Delagnes, beloved wife of Henri
Delagnes, mother of Esther and Blanch
Delagnes, alster-ln-law of Benjamin Delag-
nes. aunt of Alblne and Ida Delagnes, and
cousin of Mr. and Mrs. Colmels and Mr. and
Mrs. ,L. Henri, a native of Decaievllle,
• France. - ;
ETFrlertds and acquaintances are respect-'
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
. to-day (Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock, at her
late residence, 7<1 Howard street, thence to
French Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
FITZGERALD— Entered into rest In this city.
November 0,-1903. James F., dearly beloved
husband of Bridget Fitzgerald, and dearly
beloved father of Mrs. M. J. Fitzgerald and
Mrs. B. J. Pye. a native of Dublin, . Ireland,
aged 77 years. :
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to •• attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1134 - Broadway, thence to gt.
. Brigld'3 Church, - where^ a solemn requiem
IP mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
feoul, commencing at 10 o clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. ' • -
FRANCIS — Entered ¦ Uito rest, November 11
1903. John Francis, dearly. beloved husband
of Annie Francis, and father of Harry and
Raymond Francis, a native of . Hull, Eng-
land, aged 40 years. -A member or Ahwashte
Tribe No. 80. I. O. R. Sl.->
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
I fully invited • to attend the ; funeraj services
James McGinn. ' . # \_J^.» Henry HansenTI
james Mcqinn & co.,
"Formerly .With. McGinn Brtw.. - '
' —I—Funeral Directors and Embalmers.' L.
214 Eddy St.; Tel. South 576.
F. J. Monahan, ? President. *
MONAHAN & CO.,
:¦ .. :'" :'-' '(inc.) • '•'¦'¦ :•¦---'.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2339-2341 Mission str* Telephone Mission 31.
F." J. Monahan, > President. •
MOKE1 TO LOAN — -Contlnnefl. '
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFTICn, 103 Grant ev^.
LOANS rttOM 11 TO $10.000.
UOrTBT to lota oa low ir.terost; cold, silw,
Claraonda, pearls and pr^o'.oue *tcnea bought
at W. J. IIESTHAL'B. 10 Sixth >L
TO salaried ptooie wKhott security; oa fornt-
ture; Indorsed n^tes aa'. other «*oarlty. S. F.
Discount Ar«scy. 14.1 l'he^an building.
TOL* eta harrow more nreney on your furniture
than any other fAatm ia city; no dvnimisMaa.
612 Parrott ball dry; ptwn* South '«S3»
AT lowest rates oa furniture and plaeo«: strict
privacy; no coniTi:'"«^on:lnrtaninoat» stf>cepted.
BONKLH, Sol E-iiiy. Oouserratory building.
OP32C O«?4!t As«'r\ 3ojm» en s»larlns confiden-
tially; new. simp'* plan. Room 50. 819 Market.
OX persosaJ and real property. E. W. LICK,
1003 Mutual S.iv1n#^ Itar.k bldy.. 70S Market.
fcJOKET loan«sl to salaried employes. O. W.
V.:i.l.!T:-.. room 74. 6th floor. Chronlola bidg.
8% ON fumtturi & pianoe: 215 tip; no removal.
V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st., floor 4.
X1L !oen» on <i!amon<a» and Jewelry 2 per c*nt
tno. S. r. Collateral Loan Baak. 533 Kearny.
6T> R L< -en Co. of Wyoming loan* money to
Ealaj-:«-J eir-r^yee- R. 311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried pe-cple on notes without
ir.Joryer. MOIUTL.L. OS) Examiner bldr.
MTSK^AJ^IMTRCMmS.
RKM a p:*no for $3 per month; we allow eix
-.'.. ¦ ;i.: rental of Ui« purchase price If you
»:sh to tuy; this gives you elx months' trial
of tbe ir.struintmt for nothing; if the p'.anj
rented does not «ult we allow the rectal en
*cy instrument in our etcres; with such goo-is
fcs the McFhall of Boston, the Schiller and
cur owa make to select from we can gaar-
fciitee ta.tisfact.icn to every one In quality,
price and terms. See the Scott-Curtas
"b:Jcru." the umaHest full scale piano in S&a
Fiencisco. fcCOTT-CUKTAZ PIANO CO..
tC0-C2-C4 Hayes Et.
ALL "; ' -t ; ts on our b&rgala elate to-day—
Ooliard, *33; Flleher. J50: chertr.an & Hyde,
J'.oo: Weber. *C5: Kiinball. $115; Manfi3eld &
Nos.r.1. tl^S: Haynes, *15U; American. $165;
Crlrkering. fl67; Emerson. J172; Miller,
$173; 2 Stelnivayc, large and rn.aii size, |1S»
ana ;»'• . Heine, large style, slightly used,
J3'J5. Rents 52 up. apply ca purchase; ln-
st&liir.FCU f* up. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-
2^7 Geary st.; Oakland branch. Fifteenth and
Urc»i»iy, old P. O. Blig. Largest escla-
tiv« whoV'Sc.le and retail dealers of th« West.
WE do not adviat the purchase of cheap pianos,
h. they are seldcm eatistactory, but we have
pianos at & medium price that can be guar-
;.: •• • .» to p>ase the most critical. Our best
*¦¦.¦:!¦ sre tht Cehr Brca.. Baumeister and
fcefcubert. THE 2E.NO SIAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.. 7C3 Market «=t.
A FINK lot cf second-band uprights from $50
up. Including such makes as Chlckeria^,
Vos». Kroeger. Curiaz, Kirkham, Pease,
:¦.-:...::. Marshall & Wexdell, Baua and
ctfcers. BENJ. CUKTAZ & SON. 16 O'Far-
reli Bt. No branches in San FTacdaco.
A MASSIVE solid walnut case Kstejr nrpn
two banks of keys and pedal ba&e; cc*t «750 -
your own price. BOWERS & SON. 11 Mason.'
BAND instruments; r\ Besson, Paris, maker;
Gus Malwald. Afc-t. Par. Coast, 27S O'Farreil;
skillful repairinc: 2d-kand Instruments sold.
$55— FIJCE. t=ma:i upright piano in irood condi-
tion. 101 Welch Et.. southwest cor Fourth.
BEAUTIFUL 3-p»dal St^ir.way upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's.2S5 OTarrelU
A IiARE chance; a Hornun£ Eros." upright;
little used: must be soli, 216 McAllister si.
BARE chance; cash or payments: elegant high
grade upright. 1C McAllister st-
Unre<Jeeri:ed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. WhJlehfcad's Storage. 1C30 Market st.
EOKMEU, Byron Matiry r-ianos. Cecillan piano
player. BTP.ON MAPZT. 3a«-3J2 Post et.
SUPERIOR vlcllr.f. zithers, old an<l n«:w. ii7
MULLKR. makfr. repairer. 2 Latham p'.ace.
OFFICES AXD STOIIES TO LET.
STOP..E with larce bafraent; below Kearay
tt. : rect tao. Apply C v ,6 Clay gt-. room 1.
PERSONALS.
ATTENTION". LADIES—
To ee« is to believe; go and see the exhibi-
tion at the Union Drug Store, cor. O'Farreil
and Stockton els.; a living model with the
wrinkles and bagsriness removed from ore
tide of the face a year ago bv M. ELLA
" HARRIS cf 781 O Farrell et.
"WRINKLES and all facial blemishes removed
by new Parisian method; superfluous hair re-
moved by electrolysis; lessons given in ir.aa-
lcurinir; terms reasonable, MME. H. EAST-
WOOD, r. 702. Alto bldg.. Bush and Kearay.
* THE 5tar Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
prove* Its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
end Itching «ca!p; no etain or stickiness;
clfacsts scalp;at drupfrists'.halnirpesprs' ; ac-
cgpt no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1335 Polii
NOT how chra:> but how good Is The motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid notary
Standard, the eewins-machin* cf to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market et.
PHYSICIAN, 15 years' exrterieno*. cur*»s per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call cr
address Central Pnarrracy. 2T-1 Gract ave.,
corr.er Putter st. ; fee moderate.
• RAO carpets wove to order and for eale: also
chenille-wove ru^s. silk r>ortier*-s; dealer In
carpet twin*", in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews, 703 Fifth Ft., Oakland.
ELEGANT yuits on *ary installment?: 50 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS 1127
Market ft., bet. Seventh and Eighth.
DANCING Tuesday Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day «"V|ri=., Teutonla Hall " Howard st. nr.
Pth; Prof. Foster; eockty dancing taught.
LIQUOR hab'.t cured. We guarantee to cure
the liquor habit in 2 days or no charges.
Acme Liquor Cure Co.. W~ Mark<t. r. 202.
DRf.VKEX\E?S. morphine and all drugs dif-
«'a*«»s positively curod by Willow Bark Co.,
• 1K39 Polk Et-: consultation free; call or write.
REMOVAL — DR. W. C. PTUATTON has re-
moved his offW from 22." Mission st. to*
rooms f,73 and r<74. Parrou b!<5g (Emporium)."
AT less than cost, uncalled for suit? ovwecat*
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. 721 Market St.
AXTJfBBSOS — Elr-cant theatrical and masquer-
ode costumes rented. 2'J O'Farreil Ft.
FT'ITS to order on Installment.*. $1 x^r -nrrV
Kruhaus & Co.. m<reh.ta!!ors.727-720 Market!
f UPETIFLUOT'S h.iir & moW removed hy elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse, 1170 Market.
THE rc»st rlac«> to buy good umbrellas or
have them covered or repaired Is 120 Stockton
TATLOtt-MAPn nUf7S0; <?re.«=s pants J 2 TA.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. r.ush an<1 Dupont.
MARQT'ETIADE costumes, play books, wigs,
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt!
ALF7VErr>UM'S Errptlan Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1; at all druggists'.
BtJI^rfluous hair ar.<J m^les removed with elec-
tric r.eefll*. Mrs. & Miss Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
PAX«IISTKY.
JIME. DEVAS — ?c!ent!3c palmist and astrolo-
»rlrt: palm readings $1; 3 QUESTION3
FREX; open Tuesday eve. also. 139 Post st.
II. JEROME FOFELLI, ecler.tlflc palmist. 513
Taylor ft.. Bear Geary. Phone Black E61.
r PaPERHAXGLVG. PAIXTIXO. ETC.
ROOMS papered, 13 SO u»; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 819 3d et. ; tH. Main i!3.
PHYSICIAAS AKD Sl'BGEOM
DR. C. C. CDONNELL— Office and residence.
1021^4 Market *t.. bet. €th and 7th; parUcu-
• lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, ekin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073 X^ Market rt.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diaeaaes of the human body; for
;-*(¦: four yeara at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
catefl at ggj Geary «t., near lcavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHT. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal, herb doctor, cure* all dlwaj*"** of human
¦hy use of herba and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR. II. C. WONQ. 719 Po*t rt.; all diseases
cured by Chinese herbs; congultatlon free.
WONO WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dU-
«ases cured hy Chinese herbs. 7*6-8 Clay st.
A— EilPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; farnitureT
household roods stored, moved, chipped. 723-
T31 Howard st.. near Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPn Storage & Moving Co., ol-
fio Post and Powell gts. ; teL Prive. Ex. B71.
CONKXJN'S Storage— Furniture and merchan-
fllee. Golden Gata are.; phone Bast 128.
GOLDEN West Etorare; advances made; 840
M'.tsion st. ; tel. Howard ML. F. W. Zehfuss.
•PACIFIC Storage and Furnltore Moving Com-
panr. 2320 Ftllmore et.; phone Jackson 281.
EEKINS Van and Btorage Co.. 11 Montgomery
•t.: tel. Mala 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
-* P^ l ' RITEns &XD SUPPLIES.
•-AEAT BAROAnCB lit TTPE^VVRITERS^wi
eell better machines for less money t»n" any
house In the cltr; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. u>6 California; telephone Main 268.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
. tlculars. L. &. M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery «t.
2D-HAND typewriters eold. rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter laepec Cp.. 608 Market.
Friday, November 13, 1903, at 2 o'clock, at
the mortuary chapel of Julius S. Oodeau,
805 Montgomery avenue. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery-
GATELY— In this city, November 10, i003,
John, beloved husband' of Catherine Gately,
and loving father of Mary, Nellie, Agnes,
Anna and Josephine Gately, a native of
Cottnty Roacommon, Ireland.
ICT'Notlce of funeral hereafter.
HAMILTON — In this city," November 10, 1003,
William J., beloved husband of Annette
Hamilton, a native of Canada, aged 69 years
7 months and 23 days. ....
(CTFuneral services Friday,' at 11 o'clock.
at the chapel of N. Gray & Co., 357 Sutter
street.. '
HARRISON— In this city, November 10. 1003,
Annie, beloved wife of Harry Harrison, and
beloved daughter of Richard and Mary Wil-
llame. a native of San Francisco, aged 27
years 4 months and 28 days. .
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents. 904 Filbert street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by carriage.
HEDDERICH — In Alaroeda, November 10,
1003, Henry, beloved son of C. H. and Meta
Hedderlch, a native of San Francisco, aged
22 years and 3 months.
CT Funeral Thursday, November 12. • at
1:30 o'clock, from 'the, residence. 812 San
Antonio avenue, Alameda.
LARSEN — In this city, November 11, 1003,
Louisa, dearly -beloved daughter of George
D. and Ada D. .Larsen, and sister of Mil-
dred and Sidney Larijjn, a native J of San
Francteco, aged 1 year 2 months and 22
days.
LAYDEN— In this city, November 11. 1003,
Michael ' Layden, \ dearly beloved father of
James. Charley and Walter Layden and
Mrs. J. T. Crummey, a native of Ireland,
aged 85 years.- ' • • " '
(C7"Remalns at the parlors of Carew\ &
English, 29 Van Ness avenue.
LENCI— In this city, November 0. 1003, Pllade,
dearly beloved husband of Lucy Lend, father
of Robert I-encl, son-in-law of Mrs. Robert
McPherson, and brother of Vincenao Lend,
Mrs. A. de Santl and Mrs. Italia Malerbi. a
" native of Italy, aged 2U years 1 month and
27 days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1920 Stockton street, thence to Italian
Cemetery.
MCCARTHY — In this city, November 11, 1003,
Johanna McCarthy, beloved mother of Mary
and Thomas McCarthy, and wife of the late
John McCarthy, a native of Boston, aged 41
years. .v^r'-'-: ,?¦
MAHLER— In this city. November 11, 1003, at
his residence, 2220^ Mission street, between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth, John D., be-
loved husband of Dora Mahler, father of
Gladys and the late John H. Mahler, brother
of Mrs. C. Schroder, Mrs. J. Mack and Henry
J. and Christian Mahler, and son-in-law of
Mr. and Mrs. P. Dro.se, a native of Hanover,
Germany, aged 30 years 7 months and 28
days. A member of Eureka Lodge No. 0.
K. of P.: Germania Club, and Court El
Dorado No. 31, F. of A.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock,, from Knights of
Pythias Hall, 015 Market street, between
Fifth and Sixth, where services will be held
under the auaolcep of Eureka Lodge No. 9,
K. of P. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
MANNING — In this city, November 10. 1003,
John W. Manning, beloved son. of the late
Michael and Julia Manning, a native of San
Francisco, aged 30 years and 0 months.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
I . (Thursdav). at 12 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros.. 224-226 McAllister
street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of Golden Gate Aerie
' No. 61, F. O. E., are requested to attend
the funeral of our late brother, John Man-
nlng, from the funeral parlors of McGinn
Bros., Thursday, November 12, at 12 o'clock.
E. C. LAWS, President.
OFFICERS and members of Hackmen's Union,
Local No. 224, I.' B. O. T. — Please take no-
tice that you are earnestly requested to at-
tend the funeral of our late brother, John
Manning, Thursday, at 12 o'clock, from the
funeral . parlors of McGinn Bros.; 224-220
McAllister street.
M. W. COFFEY, President.
NEVILLE— In Colma, San Mateo County, No-
vember 11. 1003. Charlotte Neville, dearly
beloved wife of Daniel Neville, daughter of
Henry Beaver, and Bister of Arthur. Flossie,
Hazel and Grade Beaver and Mrs. Julia
Sturla, aged 28- years and 1- month.
i (CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the . funeral from the
residence of her Bister, lira. Julia Sturla.
# Friday, November 13. VcXXl. at 11 o'clock.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
NICHOLS— In this city, November 11, 1003,
George B., beloved husband of Florence
Nichols, and father of Hannabel and Samuel
P. Nichols, a native of Vermont, aged 57
years and 6 months.
O'BRIEN — In this city. November 0. 1003.
Motile, dearry- beloved daughter of Morgan
J. and Mary O'Brien, and beloved sister of
Catherine and Susie O'Brien, a native of San
Francisco.
tCFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 347 Bartletf street, thence to St.
James Church, where -a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 0 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross CemHery;
O'SULLIVAN— In this city, November 11,
lftOS. Jeremiah O'Sullivan, beloved husband
of the late Hannah O'Sulllvan, and father
¦ of Jeremiah O'Sulllvan Jr.. Mrs. Philip
Evens, Mrs. Charles Chieldes.and Mrs. John
Victor, a native of Ireland, aged 50 years.
ROBERTS— In this city, November 0, 1003,
Robert T. Roberts, beloved husband of the
late Hannah Roberts, and brother of the late
Mrs. Owen Pierce, a native of Wales, aged
78 years 7 months and 27 days.
K3"Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thurs-
day, November 12, at 1 o'clock, from the
mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Company, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty- first, thence to the Welsh Presby-
terian Church, Fourteenth jstreet, between
Guerrero and Valencia, where services will
be held at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
ROGERS — In this city, November 10. 1003,
Clarence Edmund, beloved con of Clarence
B. and Jessie Rogers, and brother of Leslie,
Gordon, Jessie and Georgia Rogers, a native
of San Francisco, aged 8 months and lt>
days.
tC7The funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, i from the residence
of the parents, 270 Harriet street. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery. v -
ROGERS — In Oakland, November 11, 1003,
George W. Rogers, uncle of Mrs. James
Hulme, a native of New Jersey, aged. 70
years 1 month and 10 days.
EEEGER — In this city, November 11. 1003,
Emil, beloved husband of Paulina Seeger,
and devoted father of Fritz. Julius. Kmil
and Carl Beeper, a native of Wurtemberg.
Germany, aged 30 years 3 months and 23
days.' A member of Gambrinus Verein and
Bottlers' Protective Union.
CJ'Romains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth.
WALSWORTH — In this city, November 11,
1003, Elizabeth Ann. beloved wife of Wp»-
ley WaUworth, and mother of Mrs. Charles
Plathe of Oakland and Miss Hazel Wals-
¦ worth, a native of Manchester, England,
aged 44 years 10 months and 12 days.
REAL, ESTATE— CITY— FOR , SALE.
CREDIT AUCTION.—
CREDIT AUCTION. " : :
CREDIT AUCTION. ,
CREDIT AUCTION. \ ? '
CREDIT AUCTION. •
CREDIT AUCTION.
THURSDAY. NOV. 19, 1903, ' - '
AT 12 M.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO.,
C13 CALIFORNIA ST.
WITHOUT LIMIT OR RESERVE.
1-8 CASH, REMAINDER IN 1. 2. AND 3 Y.RS.
INTEREST 6 PER CENT.
DeTlat»ero lot; 34x103:1%; east line ot De-
rlsadero, 08 ft. south of Union; splendidly.
adapted for residence or modern flats. ... . |
Green-st. lot; tnperb marine view; S4:l^x'
137:6; south Hd« of Green; 103:1% east of
Derlsadero.
E I —W^ t*.| TERMS tSO'
r— 4 Hr; ti p " lot h
3 3 5°_i £ (157) 5
H3 *0'«) 29 a & REMAINDER AT- 8
ga g | 28 3 A $10 PER MONTH. C
to 3 6 -J7 ' C INTCRC3T G%
" 1 36 u J g^Tr ST. CARS g
C 3 8 £5 ' *" WiTHIN ONE SLOCK g
5 5 9 24- ¦ : «J Aa LINES TRAMS- *
5 3 10 ' »". 3 I f r E A V° 84TSS1 H
*3 11 S^Tl £ CAR- •_••• —
Imps smfhimUt -jj£ »tji« ta
teWDA » zz* emtrr
(t7th.) fUsiPO3A <&T uj
jjj 03 £j
uj / O
5 '¦"' / I
. /to u v 5
"" * / 7K CASH < S
§ ° A<?« ST. CARS WITHIN «j
g / ONE BLOCK H
p > ALL LINES TRANSrER 5
5 gj. TO MT»STCAR3... : g ,
£ (l&til)£0LAtiO <5t
50x100— W. line of Arkansas, commencing!
850 ft. 8. of Colusa (Twenty-sixth st.)
60x100— W. line of Connecticut, commenc-
ing 466 ft. S. of Colnaa or Twenty-sixth.
73x100— E. line of Michigan, commencing '
200 ft. S. of Colusa or Twenty-alxth.
100x100— E. line of Missouri, commencing
B0 ft. S. of Tolo or Twenty-fifth.
25x100— B. line of Arkansas, commencing
200 ft. N of Nevada or Twenty-third.
25x100— N. W. cor. Nevada or Twenty-third
and Connecticut. - -
60x100— W. line of Connecticut, commenc-
ing CO ft. N. of Nevada or Twenty-third.
75xlOO— E. line of Connectl<>nt. commenc-
ing 100 ft, N. of Nevada or Twenty-third.
97:9x100— E. line of Connecticut, com-
mencing S50 ft. N of Nevada or Twenty-third.
100x100— W. line of Missouri, commencing
100 ft. N. of Nevada or Twenty-third.
50x100— N. W. cor. Missouri and Nevada'
or Twenty-third.
60x100— E. line of Connecticut, commencing
100 ft. south of Nevada or Twenty. third.
60x100— E. line of Connecticut, commenc-
ing 200 ft. 8. of Nevada or Twenty-third. ;
SOxlOO— W. Use of Missouri, commencing
100 ft. S. of Nevada or Twenty-third.
60x100— W. line of Missouri, commencing
200 ft. 3. of Nevada or Twenty-third.
60x100— E. line of Missouri, commencing
60 ft. 8. of Nevada or Twenty- third.
60x100— E. line of Texas, commencing 100
ft. N. of Nevada or Twenty-third.
48:8^x100— E. line of Mississippi, com-
mencing 123 ft. N. of Nevada or Twenty-',
third. [
25x100 — S. E. cot. Texas and Nevada or,
Twenty-tblrd.
23x100— B. line of Texas, commencing 23
ft. S. of r>eyada or Twenty-third.
100x100— B. line of Texas, commencing 300
Jt. S. of Tolo or Twenty-fifth.
B ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BIRCH. 615 — Three i?ood unfurnished roortis
for housekeeping; $f. Apply C42 Grove st.
CHL'RCH. 2C9 — Two nice connecting- furnished
N rooms; $15; Castro or Fillmore cars.
HOWARD, 1050 — Sunny housekeeping- rooms,
i also single; gas; (6 to (14 month.
MODEL. HOUSE, 1206 Stockton st.— Newly fur-
nished rooms, $5-$12; bath, gas, phone. !
SACRAMENTO, 1390 — 2 housekeeping: rooms,
furnished or unfurn.; sunny; 2 large closets.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubecriptlona has been established at lvfttf
Valencia st.
UuaBekpRT Rooms— Apartm't Hounea.
A '""'"""— THE IAjCERN'E -" "
LARKIN ST.. BET. SUTTER AND BUSH;
THE SUNNIEST FURNISHED APART-
MENTS IN THE CITY; THOROUGHLY
MODERN: SUPERIOR SERVICE; CHOICE
LOCATION; ALL. CAR LINES; NOW OPEN.
EL. MONTEREY, the city's newest apartment
hctel, located on the north sMe of Pine St.,
. between Hyde and Leaven worth; a superb
brick building of Spanish architecture; all the
comforts of housekeeping combined with the
conveniences of hotel life; an excellent grill
room In connection; prices very reasonable.
THE Frederick. 901 Stanyan. opp. Park— Furo.
apartments: prl. bath: steam neater: janitor.
ROOMS TO LET— Fora, an d Un fa r n.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth St.— Rooms
26c to $1 ptr night, $1 25 to ?5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market at. (or No. 1
Firth et.) — Rooms, 25c, 60c. $1, $1 60 night;
SI 60 to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market fold No. 1364)— Fur-
nifhed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
' furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
PRANKLIN, 721, near Turk — Two sunny, fur-
nished -front rooms; all conveniences; private
family; 112 50 and $10. .
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission— Rooms 60o
to $1 50 night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
KNICKERBOCKER apartments. 1S40 Pine, nr.
J Hyde — Steam heat, electric lighted, free
bath; 3-room suites furnished, $30 up.
LAGUNA and McAllister". St. James flat— Bun-
ny single room. .
ROYAL House. 120 Ellis— Incandescent llghta.
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night, 36o to $1 50; week, 93
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with' hot and cold water; baths.
THE GllleBpie. 119 Oth st.— Furnished rooms.
$130-$2fi0 wk.; trans.. 60c-<l night; quiet.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy St., near Market—
400 single and family rooms; 85c to $1 night;
$1 75 to $6 week; elevator; electrlo lights;
reading-room; free bus and baggage.
VAN NESS. 51ft— Handsome ¦ sunny furnished
suites and single rooms; all conveniences.' ¦
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d «t., near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
33c to $1 50 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus: baggage.
A £ V * : S rnSE _ MENTS ' subscriptions received at
• Call Branch of flee, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of flee. 2200 FlUmore.
ROOMS AND BOARD. '"'': '/
* "^^^^^trfE^TBALTIMORE V "i^""
VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST.
AMERICAN PLAN • ¦
PHONE PRIVATE EXCH2A NGB 708 ¦ '
SELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEL.
; HOT AND COLD OCEAN WATER, -i.
'.'¦r SPECIALNRATES BY MONTH. '
| MCNOElt & ZEBERG. PROPRIETORS.-
STEVENSON mansion, 807 California «t. — At-
tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
service; lowest rates. .
Greater San Francisco's
) Greatest Paper . . . . .-. .
The First of BBYSON'S SEBIEsITgW
It Will Be Issued FREE With The
==NOVEMBER 15=
"AT THE OPERA." V
The first subject selected could scarcely be recogpized
by the half-tone above, "on account of the Cnpossibility- of
showing the exquisite coloring of the original by this
process.
Copies of the original which are to be given aveay are
displayed in prominent places throughout the city. Don't
fail to inspect one.
"At the Opera" has a decidedly pleasing flavor in its
composition. It depicts a beautiful, budding young
woman, rich in all the attractiveness of her young life,
and typically an American Girl.
The ideal Grecian profile, the rich coloring of her au-
burn hair, the carelessly draped opera gown, exposing
her delicately chiseled neck and bust, all combine to give
the study a distinct character. The background could not
be more aptly described than by the saying — it's Bry-
son's — as in his execution and handling of colors he .
seems to impart to his creations a bit of life and dash
seldom attained by contemporary artists.
REMEMBER— The publisher has no possible way of
knowing just how many of this set to order; the best he
can do is to guess; and as it will take weeks for addi-
tional orders to be refilled, it seems proper to suggest
that every one wanting this beautiful "Series in Gold"
ought to order from his carrier, newsdealer or 'phone
this office in ample time. The demand will be tremen-
dous. . , .
ORDER TO-DAY. DO' IT NOW.
Next Sunday's Call.PRINCIPLES IN NOTABLE WEDDING, ONE OF UNUSUAL INTEREST TO
SOCIETY, AS THEY WERE DEPARTING FROM ST. MARY'S CATHE
DRAL AFTER THE SOLEMNIZATipN OF THE CEREMONY.
The alumni of the . Chicago Business
College held its last meeting before com
mencement on , Tuesday evening. Ar
rangements were perfected for the annual
I dance and exercises to be held in Golden
I Gate Hall at a future date. .
College Alumni Sleets.
Anton Olsen, a carpenter, residing at 117
Jersey street, fell, from the scaffold of , a
new building at Masonic avenue and Oak
street yesterday afternoon and : fractured
his right shoulder blade. . He was .treated
at the Park Emergency Hospital '
Carpenter Falls From Scaffold.
, A jury, in Judge Graham's court yes
terday cave Charles Otterson a verdict
for $10 damages against Tobias Brilliant
of the T. Brilliant Furniture Company.
He sued for $10,000 for the brutal treat
ment of his wife, Elfrieda, at; the Post
6treet store of 'the defendant. • "t-f \\h
Small Sum Awarded Otterson.
: In addition to the.. ball several boxing
bouts between prominent young amateurs
have been arranged -and Robert Fltzsim
mons and Eddie .Graney will referee the
matches.. A large number of tickets have
already: been sold for the benefit and the
committee. in charge expects a big crowd.
The .members of Electrical Workers*
Union No. 6 will give a benefit ball; and
entertainment at ( Mechanics' Pavilion 'on
Saturday evening November 21. The pro
ceeds of the affair will go toward helping
several of the , members of the union who
are suffering from injuries received while
at, work. .One of the members of the or
ganization fell, from a building while
decorating for, the; Presidential entertain
ment last summer and he has been unable
to work .since that time.
Proceeds Will Be Given to • Several
Members of the *
. . , Organization.
Dr. C. "W. Nutting of Etna Is at the
Occidental.
F. A. Hihn. a capitalist of Santa Cruz,
is at the Palace.
Former Mayor Hatfleld of Sacramento
Is at the Occidental.
George Nixon, a banker of Winnemucca.
Nev. Is at the Palace.
Admiral and Mrs. McCalla arrived at
the Palace last evening. ¦
• Dr. and Mrs. S. C. Hooker of Philadel
phia are at the Palace.
B. F. Brooks, an oil - man of Weed
Station, is at the Palace. /
Dr and Mrs. W. S. George, of Antioch,
are registered at the Grand.
• Julius Paul Smith, - a winemaker of
LJvermore, is at the Palace.
E. J. Knapp. a mining man of Rampart,
Alaska, is at the Occidental.
H. Weinstock, the well known merchant
of Sacramento, Is at the Palace.
Thomas Derby, who Is connected with
the New Almaden aulcksllver mines, is
registered at the Palace.
D. McVichie, a prominent mining man*
of Salt Lake City, and wife, are among
the latest arrivals at the Palace.
Baron von Selfried, who is interested in
coffee plantations in Guatemala, arrived
here yesterday with her two children and
is registered at the Palace.
Calif ornians in New York.
NEW YORK, Nov. 11.— The following
Californlans registered here to-day: From
San Francisco — E. Brand and wife, at the
Broadway Central: I* Burchard and wife,
at the Belvldere: B. Jackson, at the Man
hattan: Mrs. D. Kane, at the Westmin
ster; W. A. Richardson, at the Navarre;
H. S. Foote, at the Gllsey.
From Los Angeles— B. Burns, at the
Cosmopolitan; S. Burns, at the Cosmo
politan; C. H. Burns and wife, at the
Cosmopolitan; Miss Hende, at the Astor;
S. Maraula and wife, at the Astor.
Californlans in Washington.
"WASHINGTON, Nov. 11.— The following
Calif ornians registered here to-day: From
San Francisco— D. J. N. Bill, at the Na
tional: H. E. Lamar, wife and son, at
the Rlggs: Mrs. W. A, Jenkins, at ths
Rlggs.
Sues Partner for Accounting.
Yesterday F. Hahn. who purchased
from Mrs. F. Schnittger a half Interest
in a lease of the Borner ranch. In Sonoma
County, filed a suit for an accounting
against John Rose, owner of the other
half Interest- He says that Rose Is se
creting the wine he made from the crop
of grapes raised on the ranch last year.
Rummage Sale for Charity.
The members of the Ladles* Auxiliary
of the Pacific Christian Hospital will open
a rummage sale at 341 Fifth street on next
Saturday mornlne. The proceeds of the
sale will be devoted to the hospital fund.
The ladies in charge of the affair will be
thankful for any donations of old clothes,
pictures, crockery and household utensils.
Bert Ross Must Hang.
The Supreme Court of the United States
notified United States Circuit Judge Mor
row yesterday that it had affirmed his ac
tion in denying a writ of habeas corpus
to Bert Ross, who was sentenced to be
hanged on January 10. 1902, for the murder
of Deputy Sheriff William Ward In San
Luis Oblspo County in 1899.
¦Within the last three days United States
Internal Revenue Collector John C. Lynch
and United States Internal Revenue
Agent Bert M. Thomas have "held up"
thirty-five cigar dealers and imposed fines
ranging from J50 to $100 for taking
cheroots and tobacco out of the original
packages and putting them into other
packages, a thing forbidden by the rev
enue laws.
Cigar Men in Trouble.
Guillen's Thanksgiving extra mince pies, ice
cream and cake. 905 Lark In et. ; tel. East 195.»
PERSONAL MENTION.
Samuel A. Gettings, a pensioned soldier,
65 years old, died suddenly yesterday
morning at 765 Mission street. Heart dis
ease is believed to have been the cause
of death.
Old Soldier Dies Suddenly.
The official count yesterday showed a
loss of five votes for Supervisor Lough
ery in the Seventeenth Precinct of th«.
Thirty-second District. Loughery now
leads Hocks by the narrow margin of
eleven votes. Other changes in the Thir
ty-third District were: Godchaux for
Recorder lost two, Walsh for Supervisor
gained thirty, Dodge for Assessor lost
E and Salomon for District Attorney lost
five.
Loug-hery Still Loses Votes.
The newly married couple 'will spend
their honeymoon in the East and on their
return' will take up their residence in Los
Angeles, where the groom is engaged in
business. ¦ * .
The bride was beautiful. Her gown
was of liberty satin,- covered with silk
veiling. Miss Alice Groff of Los Angeles
was maid of honor. The . bridesmaids
were Miss Clara Smith and the Misses
Claire and Gail Converse. Their gowns
were of pink silk mull, embroidered in
dots. Little Dorothy Davenport, a sister
of the bride, was flower , girl. ' The best
man was Russell Taylor of Los Angeles
and. the ushers were Robert Adams, Dr.
John Muriettaof Los Angeles and Allan
Smith of Omaha, a cousin of the groom.
At the conclusion of the ceremony the
wedding party enjoyed a delightful re
past at the home -of the bride's parents,
Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Davenport, 2052 Fell
street.. The house was tastefully decorat
ed with flowers. . .
Miss Helen Davenport and Ross Wil
liam Smith of Los Angeles were united
in marriage in St. Stephen's Church last
evening. The ceremony was witnessed by
a large number of friends of the couple.
The interior of the Bacred edifice present
ed a beautiful .appearance with its deco
rations of ferns and white chrysanthe
mums. Rev. Ernest -Bradley, rector of
St: Steuhen's, officiated.
The house was simply but tastefully
decorated with chrysanthemums and
potted plants. After the ball supper was
served. Mrs. Parrott was assisted in re
ceiving her guests by her niece and her
two granddaughters.
The home of Mrs. Abby Parrott on Sut
ter street was the scene of a charming
informal ball last night, given by Mrs.
Parrott in honor of her niece. Miss Jose
phine de Gulgne, and her two granddaugh
ters, the Misses Parrott. The affair was
enjoyed by a few intimate friends of the
family.
three weeks. Upon their return they will
live at the home of the groom in San
Mateo. Many good wishes attend the
young couple, whose future should be as
bright as wealth and the devotion of
friends can make it. The presents re
ceived were unusually numerous and
beautiful.
Mr., and Mrs. Welch have left on • a
wedding trip which will cover ;two or
ELECTRICAL WORKERS .TO •. ..
GIVE A ; BENEFIT BALL
One hundred and fifty guests were in
vited to the wedding breakfast, . which
followed at the home of the bride's fa
ther at 122S Geary street. Here the dec
orations were carried out chiefly in pink.
The large drawing-room was in baskets
of pink carnations and clusters of Amer
ican Beauty roses. Mr. and Mrs. Welch
received congratulations in a bower of
pink roses with a large wreath of roses
over their heads. The hall was in red
madrone berries and in the library and
dining-room white chrysanthemums were
placed, interspersed with foliage.
¦The bride's, table: was In pale pink car
nations and knots and bows of. white
tulle. Those seated at the bride's table
were: Mrs. Welch, Mrs. Charles J. Welch,
Mrs. A. J. Welch, Miss Laumeister. Miss
Artal. Mrs. Charles K. Harley, Miguel de
Laveaga, Charles J. Welch, Archbishop
Riordan and Rev. Father Lally, Samuel
Poorman, Jr., and little Miss Frances
Lent, Master Livingston Welch and. the
bride and groom with their attendants.-
Charming among the guests, was Mrsi
Andrew Welch, the groom's mother. She
wore a. handsome gown of black, panne
velvet and velvet wrap heavily trimmed
with Jet. ¦ •
The Tivoli orchestra rendered impressive
music under the leadership of Professor
Paul Stelndorff. Slgnor Marquart played
a violin solo, Handel's Largo, accompa
nied on the harp by his wife. " '
The musical programme was as follows:
Overture, "Joseph, His Brothers," Me
hul; Largo, Handel; violin solo, Mr. Mar
quart; "Angel's Serenade,". Baraga; "Ave
Maria," Bach-Gounod; Intermezzo, "Cav
alleria," Mascagni; wedding march, Men
delssohn. ... .
clouds outside lifted and the sun shone
through the stained-glass windows on the
south side of . the church, flooding the
beautiful Interior with a wealth of rich
colors and brightening the faces of friends
who recalled the old superstition and felt
grateful for the blessing which the sun
foretold. Archbishop Riordan performed
the marriage ceremony, after which high
nuptial mass was conducted by Rev.
Father Lally, who wore a shining vest
ment of white silk and gold embroidery.
Piso's Cute is an effectual remedy for cold on
the lungs. Sold by all druggists. 23c. •
The attorney for Joseph Crudo, who is
suing V. Ruggiro et al. in Justice of tfie
Peace Dunn's court for $100 for labor and
services performed, moved for a contin
uance yesterday on the ground that
Crudo is now in custody on a charge of
having killed Prospero Migalo. a boot
black, last Saturday. Judge Dunn denied
the motion on the objection of the de
fendant's attorney, but the latter con
sented to a continuance. The attorneys
stated lhat the murder was the outcome
of the suit filed by Crudo, it having en
gendered much bad feeling among the
friends of the litigants.
Attorney for Joseph Crudo Gets Con
tinuance Because Client Is in
Police Custody.
SAYS MTJRDER. IS OUTCOME
OF JUSTICES' COURT SUIT
Cruelty is charged in the I complaints
filed by Vina Bicford against George Blc
ford, Martha Schmidt against John Frank
Schmidt and Marie J. Iverson against An.
drew Iverson.
Decrees were rranted to Conrad Mol
lath from Anna Moliath for desertion and
Nellie T. O'Brien from. Arthur O'Brien
for neglect. ; j •* '¦:, . .
Judge Kerrigan refused to grant ' Sol
Lowenberg a divorce from Lillian E. Low
enberg because of the lack, of evidence
proving his charge of desertion.
Suits for divorce on the' ground' of de
sertion were filed, by Tobias. J. , Hock Jr.
against Nellie Hock, Teresa Jacobsen
against Lars Jacobsen, Agnes E. Rouard
against Anthony C. Rouard, ' Philomena
Silva against Pasquale Silva, Alex Mc-
Innis against Alice Mclnnis and Edward
L. Coon. against Maria Coon.
Grace A. Bryant was granted an inter
locutory decree of divorce from Fred E.
Bryant, an actor, by Judge Graham yes
terday. He deserted her in October- 1901.
They were married in New Zealand in
1899. Mrs. Bryant says her. husband re
cently played the part of the villain in
the performance of "The Christian" ' at
the Grand Opera-house. : • . ... ¦
Grace Bryant Gets Divorce From Ac
tor Who Recently- Played Similar.
Bole in "The Christian." . .
The altar was covered with vases of
the long stemmed blossoms, among which
candles glimmered. In corners of the
chancel were masses of graceful date i
palms, which were also grouped about the
walls and balcony. At each pew were
arranged clusters of white chrysanthe
mums in tall gold cornucopias, each ex
tending several feet in height. A profu
sion of emilax was intertwined in the
chandeliers and many strands were grace
fully suspended. Each stained glass win
dow was trimmed with greens and foliage
was arranged in every available place.
At 10:30 o'clock Archbishop Riordan, in
full canonical robes and miter, entered the
chancel with his acolytes and the pro
cession started with the first strains of
the "Bridal Chorus" from "Lohengrin."
The four ushers led the way. They were
Eugene Lent, J. Vincent de Laveaga,
Thoma3 Doyle and Louis Welch. Miss
Marie Russell, the flower girl, came next in
a dainty gown of pale pink chiffon with
Valenciennes lace and a pink hat. She
carried Cecil Bruner roses in a leghorn
basket. Then came two of the brides
maids, Miss Olga Atherton and Miss
Alice Butler, wearing gowns of crepe
mignon a shade deeper than the pink
worn by the flower girl.. The" other
bridesmaids followed— Miss Florence Cal
laghan and Miss Agnes Clinton— in simi
lar gowns of still deeper pink. Pink bea
ver hats with plumes were worn . by all
the bridesmaids, who also carried tall
staffs crowned with pink ¦¦ carnations held
by tulle and satin ribbons.
Mrs. Eugene Lent was matron of honor.
She walked alone, wearing a gown of
point applique over pink silk and a pink
chiffon hat with plumes. She carried a
large muff of carnations. : ;•-
At last came. the bride on the arm of
her father, Miguel A.- de Laveaga. She
was beautiful in white panne velvet with
garniture of Venetian point , lace. Her
tulle veil was fastened with orange blos
soms and she carried white orchids. Her
only ornament was a handsome pearl
necklace, the gift of the groom. , ¦
The bridal , party . was met at the altar
by the groom and his best man, William
Humphreys.
As the bride stood at . the altar the
PLAYS PABT : OF VILLAIN .
IN DOMESTIC TRAGEDY
THE wedding of Miss Julia de La
veaga and Andrew P. Welch at
St. Mary's Cathedral yesterday
morning was one of the most elab
orate that San Francisco has seen
for many a day.
Long before the appointed hour the
splendid edifice was thronged with invit
ed guests and the streets were lined with
eager onlookers, many of whom crowded
near the doors to get a glimpse of
the arrivals. One thousand invitations
had been issued and, notwithstanding the
Inclemency of the weather, several hun
dred handsomely gowned women added
their gladdening presence to the scene.
The interior of the cathedral had been
transformed into a bower of beauty
wherein white chrysanthemums and
palms were grouped with charming effect.
Perhaps the most interesting of this
offering is the block bounded by Kansas,
Nevada. De Haro and Humboldt streets.
There are four corners on this block un
sold. A desirable site for manufacturing
purposes will be sold as an entirety, and
consists of three-fifths of the 'block
bounded by Solano. De Haro. Mariposa
and Carolina streets. In addition to
these, the catalogue shows lots on Con
necticut, Arkansas, Michigan, Missouri.
Nevada and Texas streets.
Monster Credit Auction.
The Von Rhein Real Estate Company's
monster credit auction is advertised for
next Thursday. The terms of one-fifth
cash are calculated to attract buyers of
modest means. The list, in addition to
a lot on the east line of Devisadero
street, south of Union, 34:4x103 feet, and
one on the south line of Green street,
cast of Devisadero, C4:4xl37:6, includes
about eighty lots suitable for homes for
mechanics an'd other employes of the
Union Iron Works, sugar refinery, cord
ape works and similar industrial estab
lishments at the Potrero. On these lots
a cash payment of $50 only Is required;
the rest is paid in monthly installments
of $10. Twenty-fourth street cars go
•within a block of this property and all
other lines transfer to Twenty-fourth
street.
At a tpccial meeting pf the San Fran
cisco Grocers' Union held last night in
B'nai Brith Hall it was decided that af
ter November 15 r.o member of the or
ganization should give his customers trad
ing stamps. For the last three months
the- grocers have be«n working against
the system, which, they assert, enriches
trading stamp companies to their own
loss, and their work came to a head last
ev'.-n'nc
More than 100 grocers attended the
meeting. The discussion was long and
interesting. There seemed to be a unan
imity of opinion that the gr<»cers of this
city should follow the example set by the
vegetable dealers and butchers and de
clir.e to give their customers a trading
stamp for every collar's worth of goods
they purchase. The grocers claim that
the trading stamp scheme deprives them
ef 5 per cent of their gross receipts. By
doing away with the practice of giving
stamps the trade will be saved from
fc'VOO to $30,000 a month. At the present
time the grocers pay one-ha!f a cent for
a stamp. Some of them stated, they lay
out as much as J125 a month for stamps.
A conference was held between the re
tcil and the wholesale grocers and the
latter promise to render the former all
the assistance in their power. Of the
H/A) retail grocers, only live declined to
give up the stamp system.
The following committee was appointed
to take up the light: William Lenhoff.
vice president of the Retail Grocers'
Union; Joseph A. Stulz, president State
Grocers' Association; J. Salomon, direc
tor Grocers' Union, and T. J. Parsons,
George Wheaton and I). Dangers, rep
resenting the wholesale grocers of the
city.
T. II. Corcoran, president of the Gro
cers' Union, presided at the meeting. He
announced tb&B on and after November
11 any grocer caught giving trading
stamps would be fined $50. v
The board designated the district in
which the Starr King and Cleveland
schools are located for the carrying out
of the compulsory education law by the
Associated Charities, which will bear the
entire expense.
The board appropriated $200 for the
teachers' institute to be held in this city
next month and $50 to defray the ex
penses of a school exhibit at the St.
Louis exposition.
Mrs. Genevieve Holden, teacher of deaf
children In the Harrison School, was au
thorized to appoint an assistant teacher,
subject to the approval of the board.
The board was so busy with other mat
ters that it did not have time to render
a decision in the case of Miss Jean Dwy
er, principal of the South End School,
who was tried for punishing Frank Dulg
nan, one of the pupils.
Miss , Katherine ¦ Ball, supervisor of
drawing, addressed the board at length
in defense of her methods of teaching,
which have been sharply criticized by
Mrs. Hattie B. Steele. Miss Ball declared
that good results were achieved as a re
sult of her teaching and she forcefully
denounced the strictures of Mrs. Steele.
Miss Murphy, assistant teacher of draw
ing, corroborated Miss Ball. Mrs. Steele
argued that the course was too long, and
Superintendent Langdon was delegated to
inquire as to whether it could not be
shortened in some instances.
£ Attorney Stephen V. Costello appeared
before the board in behalf of a petition
filed by Mrs. Rebecca Greenan for a re
hearing of certain charges upon which
she was removed from her position as
principal of the John W. Taylor School.
Costello argued that some of the wit
nesses upon whose testimony Mrs.
Greenan had been dismissed had since
confessed that they had perjured them
selves. The board took the petition un
der advisement. Should .a rehearing be
granted, it will be with the understand
ing that Mrs. Greenan waive all claim
to any rights she may have to her po
sition in the School Department until the
final determination of the case.
The Board of Education yesterday* ap
pointed Miss Elizabeth E. Kelly princi
pal of the Jefferson School. This ap
pointment was foretold in The Call more
than one month apo. On the first bal
lot Miss Kelly received the votes of Di
rectors Walsh and Roncovieri and Miss
Martha Galloway those of Directors
Woodward and Mark. On the second bal
lot Miss - Galloway was supported by
Woodward alone and Miss Kelly was de
clared elected.
The board cleared Mrs. F. M. Gannon,
a teacher in the Harrison School, of
charges filed by the Retail Grocers' As
sociation. Superintendent Langdon's re
port to the effect that Mrs. Gannon her
self did not order goods from Grocer Kast
under the assumed name of. Mrs. Dan
iels, but that one of her family did, was
adopted." The board decided that it could
not compel Mrs. Gannon to pay a debt
owing to Kast, that being a matter for
the courts.
Claim That Promoters of
Scheme Are Being
Enriched.
Clears Teacher of Charges
Made by Retail Grocers'
Association.
Retail Grocers Take
Stand Against the
Practice.
Places Miss Kelly at
Head of Jefferson
School.
REFUSE TO GIVE
TRADING STAMPS
BOARD APPOINTS
ONE PRINCIPAL
THE SAN FEAKCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1903.
Society Attends
Ceremony at
St. Mary's.
Beautiful Floral
Decoration of
Cathedral.,
WELCH-DEL A VEAG A WEDDING
A VERY CHARMING EVENT
14
* HALE'S. | HAT/F/S.
Halc's Open Saturday Evenings Now Till Christmas.
Handkerchief Harvest
At H ale's: Ripe for the Reapers.
See the new handkerchiefs. Here are 7^e handkerchiefs, worth ice and
somc beautiful lacy ones at 23c I2l4c Very fine lawn, dainty hce
with dainty linen centers. With borders. In fact, there are any
them are some embroidered ideas, number of patterns. _ Think how-
some hemstitched effects with lace many there must be in lico dozen,
insertion; some with scalloped 2 y for s omc Unfinished Hand-
borders. It's a choice selection. / W rrl i>fs
You fhay know how rare it is when kercmeib.
iou may y , some of the corners should b«»
we tell you that we have seen some trJm thrcad ,
of these identical handkerchiefs cuUlng . some of the stitche3 need tak .
sold lately at 5OC. \ng out. They're all little faults that
Equally unusual are these linen any one wlu qu j ckly overlook, for a
handkerchiefs, 15c, with lace f ew minutes' work will double their
borders, embroidered corners, cdz- worth to you. They're mostly hem-
inj? and hemstitching — fixed up in stitched styles, with lace insertion and
so many pretty ways. embroidered. 500 dozen.
<H1O^ Particular Stationery
Jj) 1 Jmt O for particular folks.
Christmas Prize Money Show discrimination in your writ-
t* u i. - -:~;««,1 mVturr* in & P 3 P er - Though the little* differ-
For the best 25 original pictures cnces are bardy noticeabIe they are
Of Santa ClaUS. quickly detected and help perhaps
.... * ... , f Mr u as much as anything else in making
A winner will be picked out cacn good impressions on the recipient,
day beginning to-day and the picture Take a new shade - m papej . of a
printed three days later in our aa- ncw shap ed envelope or some of this
vertisement. new folded paper; some of it may be.
First one Zvill appear next Sun- with the writer's initial; stamped on.
, It all means little in cost, but much
day- in effect.
Any child of school age may draw. Initials come now like stamps.
And draw as many times as they which one may paste on the paper as
like, but don't trace or copy. Use a crest or as a monosrram on the en-
black ink and white unruled paper, velope. 4 dozen for 20c. Or if you
But add some six-word phrase which want
includes the words "Santa Claus and Your Initials Engraz'ed
Hale s. Only 10c a quire, whereas usually you
It will be taken into consideration pay $1 50 first for the ( y ye . and then
as well as the age. (Don't forget to the printing la extra. Now you don't
put the age on.) The idea will count, have to buy dye; only the cost of
too So don't be backward about {££,"£ mo . TOXE LINEN - station-
sendmg in a laughable picture. Enr with square flap envelope. 45c box.
If vou want ideas this Christmas Another with jiexicax stitched pa-
store" is the place to get them. ™
blue or tinted. 20c. Tha envelopes to
match are 10c.
smm. *n** ***** i «•*•%, U"!e bo* of JUVENILE PAPER and
n*S* 1^ Tl 13 en v elopes. tinted and white. 10c.
ii II I & ] \ M S h Curtain Stretchers Again
ill % lH 1 S PH h\ Han n^ as Sood a > an v one needs.
V il Ills ifUllil]! They're made to fit any sized window
JL H A ffl fl iH A HljL curt ' v:n - Bm there are other ccod
»^^ Ba> *^ P™-Jigi- ¦*'.< * iy^gg*^H^L»y Folding Ironing boards, 08c: strong; they
don't wobbl?. Regrular price $1.45.
I T .-.-. 1~« «~/--vT 1 »-» M**v*?/-» Sleeve board on stand, 40c Sold elsewhere
umureiici lxews. at coo.
75 CENTS-26-lnch mercerized English Glo- J"^^ ««££« &» \£ k!n4 that
ural wood handles. It's a B ood and strong g« B * d nd b^ r £ o £ d ° f £*
umbrella. meats 15c
$1.»O ONES are steel umbrellas, email. * " .
neat roll with case and tassel, with those _.
pretty light horn handles. Inlaid silver nail rg^AwV^/K^
heads; mounts are of partridgf wood with €***\ /ifi _^pt.
f 1.83 — Fine taffeta. with s»lvagp. larpe /&/ /£#/ J^^*** *S^ &£** «e5!!2?
steel rod. also case and tassel. The han- /Mff * j_T""
dies are detachable. We don't think you *T^ ,-,{%. r**.
can find a better looking umbrella at any "in. i """^
price. They wear just as well as they look. Mflrl«TPt Vc»o •« Ci v + U
Either men's or women's. lUdTlVCLOt. , i>ear OlXin
ADVERTISEMENTS.
.•M EN,.
As Well as Women Are Kept
Off the Operating Table by
Electro-chemistry.
ME. FETEB C. AXSEBSOV,
Pents Grove P. O., CaL
"After four years' suffering from loss of blood
from mr bladder, caused by a bleeding tumor
and after many doctors had failed to cura me'
I waa sent to a hospital in San Francieco to be
operated upon. I was so weak from loss of
blood that the hospital surgeon Informed my
wlf« that there was little chance to save my
life. It was decided that before undergoing
the dangerous surgical operation It would ba
beet to try the Electro-Cheinic treatment, so
mr wife took me to the Electro-Chemic Insti-
tute, 118 Grant avenue, and placed me under
th* Electro-Cbemic treatment. In three
months' time I was perfectly cured. The loss
of blood had etopped. I had regained my lost
flesh and strength and I wa« able to do mv
heavy work in the hay fields." *
(Signed) PETER C. ANDERSON
Penns Grove P. O CaL
CONSULTATION IT ITft IT* CT-
AND I" BJPg- §.
X-RAY EXAMINATION I fl%B_!_
! Specialties — Coxunxmptlon, Catarrh.
Bronchitis, Asthma, Cancers, Tumors,
Deafness, Head and Ear Noises, Rheu-
matism. Paralysis, ZTenralgla, Plies
Diseases of the Stomach, Liver, Kidneys
and Bowels. Special Diseases of Men and
Women. Chronic Diseases.
HOME TREATMENT— If you live at a dis-
tance, try to come for a personal examination.
IX you can't come, write for Instructions for
home examination and treatment. : '?" ¦
ELECTRO=CHEmC INSTITUTE,
118 QBAZTT AVE, Cor. Post St,
saxt rsAHCisco.
Office Hours— 9 a. m. to fi p. m. and 7 to 8
p. m. dally; Sundays. 10 a. m. to 1 p. m.
Separate apartments for ladies and gentlemen.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Master Touch
acquired through filly-two
years' exhaustive study in
Piano making has given the
Yose Piano
the delicacy o! tone and
chastity of design that
characterizes the sweetest
exponent ot harmony.
Ben]. ClirtaZ : ;.8. Son
SOLE AGElfTS
~. 1 V~ (Curtaz Buildlnr)
16 O'FABSEIiZi STBEET. 8. V.
San Jose. * Fresno, ' Alameda, Stockton,
' ." ' Palo Alto.'
39 STOCKTON STBEET.
Telephone Main 5522.
Our Delicatessen Department !s growing
In favor dally, aa Is shown by the Increas-
ing crowds- that patronize It. "Watch our
Thursday, Friday and Saturday Specials.
CREAMERY BUTTER, per square, 40c
Usual size and Quality. rec 45c
FANCY EASTERN E66S, per doz., 30c
Guaranteed. reff. 85c
Eastern Sugar Cured Hams, per ft., 15c
The Ideal Brand. reg 17c
Basket-Fired JAPAN TEA, per Ib., 40c
Like all our teas, chesen with sreat care '
National Biscuit Co.'s Biscuits, g' 10c
Graham. Oatmeal. Butter Thine. Social
Teas and Zwieback. reg 15c
ALMONDS, Son Shell, 2 lbs. for 25c
This season's. ng. jjc j D
LEMOINE SARDINES, 2 cans for 25c
,~_ . Tf S. 13c each
The Monk brand, that never disappoints
IDEAL LAUNDRY SOAP, 7 cakes for 25c
Once used, always used. reg. 6 for 25c
CREOLE RICE, In 5-lb. packages, 40c
Fancy Head Rice. res. 50c
In 2^-lb pities 20c. reg 23c
SWEET EASTERN CIDER, per gal., 40c
CALIFORNIA BRANDY, per ftottlei'Wc
Per gallon. $3.00
reg. $l.oo and *l.w>
Just In season for your mincemeat.
Private Stock Bourbon, per bottle, 90c
_, . , Per srallon. 84.00
RIESLNG, per gall:n 43c
A llgrht, refreshing table wine, re* 5Oc
ASK OR WRITE FOR CATALOGUE^
For Stomach Disorders
Gout and Dvsoepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkalino Water.
A. VIQNIEB CO., San Francisco.
EXPERT OPTICIAN.
GEORGE MAYERLE'S
•*S§|§|. GERMAN
EYEWATER
The Greatest Eye Bemedy in tie World.
INSTANTLY RELIEVES ALL. ETE TUOU-
bles. A harmless and effective remedy for
Weak Eyes. Poor Sight. Painful. Sore. Dis-
charging. Burning. Smarting, Itching, Inflamed
or Injured Eyes. Headaches. Dizziness. Nerv-
ousness. Red. Crusty and Gluey Eyelids' Float-
Ing Spots, rCloudy Vision, etc. Price. 50c. By
mail. 62c.
SISTER MARY BAPTIST. Sister of Mercy.
Grass Valley, writes: My eyes ha.vs much Im-
proved by.th? use of George Mayerle'a German
Eyewater, and I heartily indorse It.
rSOM OENEEAL VTM. U. SHAPTEE.
MR. GEORGE MATERLE. 1071 Market St.—
Dear Sir: The classes made by you received
yesterday. I nave never been better Htted thaa
with this oair. Very truly yours.
WM. R. SHAFTER. Major General V. 9. A.
BEWARE O7 I3TJTJEIOTJS IMITATIONS
INSIST on getting the genuine, bearing the
trademark— an Eye with a Crown. Price. 50c;
by mall. 62e.
GEO3OS MATESLE,
Highest Optical Skill. Charter Member Ameri-
can Association of Opticians. Graduate- Amwi-
can College of Ophthalmology I'hil.r'.'Mph.*^ -
tlcal College. N. I. College .of OphthalmoISfJ".
S. B. College of OdUcs. Honorary Memb«r of
the Delaware and Iowa State Optical Societies.
1071 MABJCET STBEET,
Opposite Callaghan Building, near Sercnta.
Telephone South 372. Eyes TVr*™^^ f rce ,
CtT THIS OCT.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
B. KATSCHINSKI
Philadelphia Shoe Co.
(0 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
Adjoining Call Building 1 .
FLANNEL LINED SHOES
' Many ladies suffer from cold
feet and chillblains. and yet how-
easy they could keep themselves
warm and comfortable and at a
small outlay! We certainly have
the warm lined goods to offer, and.
as usual, at a big bargain. Ladies'
Fine Vlci Kid Lace Shoes, with
white flannel lining:, plain broad
toes, durable soles and low, flat
heels. OUR PRICE ONLY..81.4O
Sizes 3 to 8.
ALASKA SEAL LACE
Our Alaska Seal Shoes for men
.are guaranteed water-proof, as
the soles and uppers have been
tanned in Viscol oil. They are
either calf or drill lined, and have
rounding toes and tips and heavy,
welted double soles. "The price
83.00
All sizes and widths.
Special Announcement — Viscol-
ize your own shoes and make
them water-proof. PRICE. PER
BOTTLE ... ....25C
B; KATSCHINSKI
I Philadelphia Shoe Co.
10 THXBD ST.. San Francisco.