NO WELCOME
FOR THE KING
Mexican Soldiers Will
Suppress the Indians
Who Terrorize Sonora
TROOPS MOVE
UPON YAQUIS
q\ OME, July 14, 7:30 a. m.—
*V The Pope has passed a
somewhat restless and agitated
night. He awoke at 5:30
o'clock, . but shortly afterward
dropped again into a heavy
sleep. The Pope called out sev
eral times in his sleep, and
\/hen he awoke during the
night showed signs ¦ of depres
sion, with his ideas somewhat
confused. The patient's breath
ing is again difficult. He says
he feels very tired.
GENERAL MEOLAS ROLANDO, COMMANDER OF THE VENEZUELAN
INSURGENT FORCES IN CIUDAD BOLIVAR, WHICH CITY IS TO
f! BE ATTACKED BY LAND AND NAVAL; FORCES. '
day (to-day) with a fleet, which will co
operate in a general attack on the city.
¦ Itvls learned through deserters that
General Gomez, before entering the val
ley of the Orinoco, defeated the revolu
tionists under General Antonio Paredes,
who surrendered Puerto Cabello in 18S9,
and who was subsequently captured by
the. Liberals. near Irapa. General Gomez
thus secured the safety of his rear guard.
. Notwithstanding local public opinion to
the contrary, it is not believed that Gen
eral Rolando, who holds Ciudad Bolivar,
will be able to resist the Government's
attack. •
MANILA, July 13.^The Philippine Com
mission will resume, the public. debate on
the opium bill on July 15. Tne commis
sion' to-day^: cabled . to.} Washington ,a -ide- 
tailed review, of , the -Philippine conditions
and strongly urged " the \ necessary; regula
tion of the opium ?traffic' .. ' * '••;
Opium Traffic in the Philippines.
LONDON, July 13.— In the beautiful
temporary ballroom,- erected . t on . th«
grounds Marlborough \ House, the
Prince and- Princess of ..Wales', to-night
gave their first ball ., since the : death of
Queen Victoria. , ¦ The- scene was .a very
brilliant one, the guests including the
King and Queen ; and thirty other, mem
hara at thm raval familv. SfE*S
Ball Is Given at Marlborough Housa.
LONDON. July 13.— Count Wolff Met
ternich, the German Embassador, gave a
dinner to King Edward at the German
Embassy to-night. .= The guests included
the D'Jke arid Duchess of Marlborough,
Consuelo, Duchess -of Manchester; the
Duchess of 'Buccleuch, Sir -Frank Las
cellcs, the- British Embassador at Ber
lin. 1 and Alfred de Rothschild.
Gives a Dinner to King Edward.
ATHENS, July 13.— M.Railli; the new
Premier, made a statement' of the Govern
ment's., policy" in t the .Chamber "of Deputies
to-day. * % The Ministry,* he said, 'would use
every^ effort; to : secure~the . withdrawal of
the ; objection made by , foreign , powers , to
the , currant i monopoly, and '¦ if k they were
unsuccessful recourse would bo had to
other .methods ~ to > satisfy* the people. A
;vote of .confidence in' the new Ministry
mraanammoA '.•'-•
Outlines ' Policy of : His" Government.
When the hour arrived he could not be found. Inquiry
at his room in the Le Franc building resulted In the news
that he had not been seen since last evening. His room was
entered. Over his bed lay his black suit of clothes In evi
dent readiness for the celebration. , In the pocket of his coat
tras the programme of exercises and a copy of the speech
he wa§ to deliver. In a vest pocket was his gold watch and
In his trousers pockets $10 in money. His gold-headed cane,
which he always carried, etood in the corner.
Ail the afternoon and evening the .police and the Sheriff's
officers have been searching, but. up to a late hour to-night
nothing that sheds light on the strange disappearance had
fceen found. The conjecture is that Jin a temporary fit of
dementia he rode away on his bicycle and committed suicide
in some unfrequented spot. The circumstances of Boring's
life lend color to this theory. Ten years ago he was a wealthy
and popular man in political circles. When he disappeared
b» was practically penniless. He had threatened suicide of
late,
SAN JOSE, July 13.— Samuel W. Boring, former County
Cierk and pioneer of the State and county, haa disappeared
under circumstances which lend a deep mystery to the event.
He, as a prominent member of the Mexican Veterans' As
sociation, had arranged for the flag raising - celebration to
day and was to preside at the gathering.
BERLIN, July 13.— Admiral von Kos
ter, inspector . general of the navy, - has
given notice of 'aii'appeal against the re
vised sentence of two years and : a " half
incarceration in a fortress imposed on
Naval Ensign Hussr.er for killing Artll;
leryman' Hartman because the. latter did
not salute the former properly. ; This ac
tion' Is taken upon the unanimous demand
of the newspapers of all parties.
Admiral von Koster- Not Satisfied
With" Penalty Imposed on Ensign
Who Killed Artilleryman.
REVISED SENTENCE FAILS
TO MEET WITH APPROVAL
Mi s. Cummings' will on July 20 be tried
for : the alleged murder . of , her.; third hus-
Irand, Edgar' M: Harris, who died in Oc
tober; 1902: .
Jury Fixes the Penalty at Ten Years'
¦ Imprisonment in the State
. Penitentiary.
ST. LOUIS, July 13.— The sealed ver
dict of the Jury,, read in court to-day,
finds Mrs. Minnie Cummlngs, charged
with killing lif r - husband. Dennis Cum
mlngs, April 18. - 1903, is guilty of i murder
in . the "second . degree. The ; penalty was
fixed • at ten : years' -Imprisonment In the
penitentiary.' - : v: ¦ • ¦ • •• • ' ' • •
WIFE IS FOUND GUILTY
OF MURDERING HUSBAND
SALT LAKE, July 13.— The first step
toward closing the gap of 113 miles along
the route of the San Pedro, Los An
gcles and Salt Lake road between Ca
lientes, New, the southern terminus, and
Daggett, Cal., the point from which the
Salt Lake , road will use the Santa Fe
tracks to the coast, was taken to-day,
when the Empire Construction Company,
organized for the purpose of building the
road, advertised for bids for the con
struction of two sections of the road ag
gregating ninety-five miles. The bids will
be let with the least possible delay..
Gap on the San Pedro Line Between
Calientes and Daggett to
Be Closed.
ORGANIZES FOR PURPOSE
OF BUILDING NEW ROAD
POLICE SEARCH
FOR A PIONEER
CALL BUREAU, 1406 O STREET, N..W., WASHINGTON.
July 13.— Germany, and the United States are upon the threshold
of trade warfare!., German wines, beer. Bait, sausages, bev
erages and other, focd products which have been exported" to
this country - in Increasing quantities and valued at many
millions of dollars 'annually .will , be. barred. from this country
under the operation of the new.. pure food law,' which has
Just gone " Into effect. 1 Officials of the Agricultural Depart
ment make no "secret that the 1?ure food law is mainly de
signed to counteract the discriminations practiced by Ger
many against American - meats, fruits, canned goods, lum
ber and other articles of export to the fatherland.
Within a few days the first consignment of German foods
liable to inspection under the law.' which went Into '¦ effect
on July 10.- will, arrive' and unless shippers have conformed to
the rigid requirements' of the new law the cargo will b« re
jected. ¦
The important statement is made at ' th t Agricultural De
partment that under this law German sausage, sparkling and
still wines, salt, beverages, beer and other food products
will be rejected and. if not taken back to the port from which
the cargoes wera shipped they will be destroyed. How se
riously this will affect ' German trade relations with ui may
be gathered from the fact that imports of snorkling and still
wines from that country amount annually to more than $1,300.
000; Imports of hops to more than (600,000; of malted liquors
to nearly $200,000; - of sausages to nearly $200,000; of sausage
casings to $190,000. while various other imports of food stuffs
from . Germany ~ aggregating several millions annually will
be severely affected' by the new law.
• An official, from the German embassy called upon th»
Agricultural Department authorities to find out what. the new
law signifies and to convey information to his Government
as to It3 possible effect upon German exports to this country.
It is learned here that the German Government U consider
ably worried by. the. new 'law. Dr. Wiley says that it Is sim
ply the adoption of the rule, "measure for measure"; or, M ha
puts It jocosely, "sausage for' saoaaxe."
PURE FOOD LAW
HURTS GERMANY
WASHINGTON. July 13.— Minister Con
ger at Peking has Informed tha State~De
partment that Wu Ting Fang, formerly
Chinese Minister to the United States,
has been appointed second assistant in the
corps of under secretaries.
"While," says Conger, "this . gives Mr.
Wu nominally only a clerical place, yet
it makes an opportunity for utilizing
his foreign knowledge and experience, if
the Foreign Office so desires."
Minister Conger reports also that Wien
Fank has been promoted to the -position
of first secretary, or director, of the
Board of Foreign Affairs, vice. Na Tung,
the present president ' of the Board of
Revenue, and that Ku Pi Hsin has been
appointed second .secretary and director
of the Board of Foreign Affairs.
BUCHAREST, Roumania, July 13.— It Is
eald that the Servian authorities have
unearthed a conspiracy to avenge the late
King Alexander. A lieutenant of the
frontier garrison has been arrested,
charged with having made threats against
Colonel Maschln. A search of the lieu
tenant's quarters disclosed evidence that
twelve officers ' had \ formed a league to
take vengeance upon the regicides.
BELGRADE, . July n 13.— Major Lazaro
vlcs, who . Is credited' 1 with having fired
the first shot at King Alexander, having
threatened to resign because his ., name
was omitted from the list of King Peter's
birthday promotions, has been made a
lieutenant colonel. r»
It Is understood that Katsura's threat
ened retirement was a protest against the
interference of the irresponsible elder
statesmen in the Government policy.
Count Matsukata and Marquis Yamagata
have been appointed Privy Councilors.
YOKOHAMA, July 13.— The political
crisis resulting from the resignation of
Premier Katsura is passed, and the Pre
mier has resumed office. The Marquis
Ito, who it was thought would be called
to rncceed Katsura, has closed his con
nection with the opposition political party
of the Zel Yuka (Constitutional Political
Association) and has accepted the presi
dency of the Privy Council.
Political Crisis Is Passed and Mar
quis Ito Accepts Presidency of
the Privy Council.
PREMIER OF JAPAN
RESUMES HIS OFFICE
Servian Soldiers
Seek Lives of
Regicides.
Now Only Clerk
in a Peking d-
DUluctU*
BLOOMINGTON. III., July. 13.— The people of Bloomlngton
have but one topic of conversation to-night— the arrest to-day
of Maude Jordine, charged with the murder of her 2-year-old
sister. Mabel, last Thursday evening. - The prisoner is 17 years
cf age and the eldest of a family of seven children. She be
trayed wonderful self-possession when -taken into JalL She
denied the chance, but was advised not- to submit to an in
terview. Sheriff Edwards would allow no one to see her
except officers cf the city and county departments. Detec
tive Butler, who arrested the girl. Bald:
"I arrested Maude Jordine because I believed she mur
dered her little sister. I Investigated thoroughly the relations
between Maude, who is the eldest daughter, and the baby.
I found that Maude wai the principal nurse for the* child and
had been from its birth. She had been forced to carry it
about, Cress it and give It other . attentions, such as partly
devolve upon a mother or nurse. She also was disturbed by
the fact that the child was crippled. and unable to walk. She
was prevented mingling with her girl friends to the extent
that she doubtless would have wished by the care of the
Laby. The prisoner was employed at a caramel factory and
the is alleged to have remarked concerning her life at home
tfect there tm going to be a change soon."
MURDERED BABES
SISTER ARRESTED
FORM PLOT
TO AVENGE
LATE KING
July 13.— Wild scenes to-day marked the cec
m 1 ond day's debate by the municipal corporation on the
* ¦£ Question of presenting an address of welcome to King
Edward on his arrival in Dublin. The public gallery
was crowded long before the meeting of the House. Lord
Mayor Harrington made a violent speech against .the address
end compared the Nationalists who favored it to men "who
had cold the Irish Parliament."
Maude Gonne was among the demonstrators, who contin
ued the uproar until the Lord Mayor finally called in the
police, who Cleared the hall.
After a «tormy sitting cf four hours, the motion In favor
of the address was defeated by GO to 37 votes_
The roving' bands -of Yaquls have been- augmented of late
by Indian laborers, : who deserted the ranches. In tho moun
tains, preferring the life of the savage. The outlawed bands
subsist by raids 'on . ranches and travelers. Not long ago a
band of Indians • ca»tured two children of "a wealthy . propri
etor near Torrin arid held them, for ransom. These Yaquls
were pursued and when overtaken they fired on the pursuing
party, but seeing,' defeat was inevitable they abandoned the
children and fled- to 'the mountains.
General Torres proposes to patrol these roads with mount
ed troops so as to make them safe for all kinds of traffic-.
His plans also include a public road along each side of the
Yaqui and the territory on each side of all roads will
be cleared, so as to make an attack from ambush . an impos
sibility. Without a safe retreat the Yaquls will be compelled
to lay down- their arms and go to work on the ranches, and
the ranchers and residents of the towns along. the river will
be able to go from ranch to ranch and town to town without
fear of molestation.: -. - ,'
of troops determined to crush the bands of raiding
Yaqul Indians,' who continually harass the ranchers along
the Yaqul 'River.
General Torres "only recently returned from the City of
Mexico, where a plan of suppression was formulated. Torre*
bad given up all hope of ever wholly conquering the Indians
as long as they could find shelter In the fastnesses of tho
Sierra Madre range. He now proposes to open up the Indian
retreats to civilization by building roads into the heart of
the mountains, over - which Federal troops and rurales can
be moved.'
GUAYMAS* Mexico, July 13.— A dispatch to the Sonora
Dally Mail of this city from Torrln states that General
Luis E. Torres has arrived In that place with a body
Special Dispatch to Th% Call.
THE "IRISH JOAN OF ARC." WHO LED THE DUB
LIN DEMONSTRATION AGAINST PRESENTING
AN ADDRESS OF WELCOME TO KING EDWARD.
MEXICAN ARMY OFFICER WHO HAS MUSTERED
TROOPS IN SONORA TO MAKE A FINAL, AS
SAULT ON THE MURDEROUS YAQUIS.
EX MINISTER
WU SHORN
OF HONORS
taken by Government troops. \ A
press correspondent who came overland
with the Government troops from aa.&
turin witnessed the shelling to-day of the
strong trenches constructed along the
river front before Ciudad Bolivar by the
revolutionists. It is believed that the
Government troops will make a landing
on that side of the river upon the arrival
of General Gomez, the Government com
mander in chief, who is expected on Mon-
OLEDAD, Venezuela, Friday,'. July
m 10.— Soledad, which is a strategic
• ¦ position opposite Cludotl Bolivar,
on the Orinoco River, has ? been
Dr. - Rossonl was reported to have said
in an interview yesterday:
"The Pope's pulse reached 90 pulsations
and over. Just calculate how many times
it has pulsated in ninety-three years and
you understand that In his present condi
tion all of his organs and the pulse must
end by getting so tired that they will
stop forever."
At the American embassy It was said
that no request, official or otherwise, had
been received up to yesterday for Infor
mation regarding the Pope's . condition.
King Edward . has instructed the British
Embassador, Sir Francis Bertie, to tele
graph twice dally the state of his Holi
ness.
The Tribuna printed last night that the
Pope's real illness was cancer of the
liver. Dr. Mazxoni characterizes the
statement as a falsehood without an atom
of foundation.
PARIS, July 14.— The Rome correspond
ent of the Eelalre telegraphs that when
the Pope was not in a somnolent condi
tion yesterday he suffered from nervous
contraction in all , his limbs and was un
able to bear the contact of the bed
clothes, which consequently bad to be
supported by wooden 1 hoops. '
According to a dispatch received here
from Rome, the -Pope's strength was
heavily, taxed and his sufferings Increased
by the. number of visitors, altogether
sixty-seven persons, whom . he , . received
during the past couple of days. Eighteen
Cardinals/ fifteen relatives /and a number
of high papal officials 'imposed their visits
upon him and, as the Pope wished to say
a few words^to each, the fatigue caused
fresh progress of his malady.
VITAL ORGANS EXHAUSTED.
Never before has the patient's weakness
progressed . as it did yesterday. For the
first 'time since his illness the Pontiff
asked to have the shutters almost closed,
as the light hurt his eyes, and, at the
same time, contrary to his custom, he
begged to be left as quiet as possible.
Another noteworthy symptom of his
awakening condition was the docility with
which he took his medicine ' and nourish
ment. Previously— indeed, during his
whole life — Pope Leo has been against the
prescriptions of doctors or anything that
had the aspect of being. forced upon him.
His feeling of fatigue and Indifference
was interpreted as a sign that his vitality
was fast diminishing. Late last evening
nine Cardinals, Including Satolli and
Martinelll, were admitted to the sick
room, but the Pope could not even speak
to them, merely giving them his hand to
kiss. .1 -;:;
ROME. July 14, 2:56 a. m.— "While there
is life there is hope," was all the conso
lation that Dr. Lapponl would give to
night in admitting that Pope Leo's condi
tion was "very, grave."
The Pontiff has suffered another relapse
and he lies this morning in a more critical
condition than at any time since the mid
dle of last week. The semi-comatose con
dition into which he fell at midnight and
the confused state of his heretofore lucid
mind on his awakening at an early hour
this morning, accompanied by still great
er depression than during yesterday, are
regarded as symptoms of the gravest na
ture and as pointing to an imminent dls
solutlon. Even in the early evening 'med
ical opinion was less pessimistic and Dr.
Mazzoni believed the end .was not within
sight. He expressed the belief that unless
the disease took an unexpected turn there
was no reason to apprehend death for
two or three days. This statement, how
ever, did not relieve the anxiety of those
who know what powerful stimulants are
being administered. Some attribute the
Pontiff's extreme weakness to-night to
the excessive mental and physical efforts
undertaken yesterday in receiving visit
ors, hearing mass, etc.
EVIDENCE OF WEAKNESS.
The latest announcement by Lord Cran
borne in the House of Commons on June
25, indicating that Russia intends to keep
faith in Manchuria, has already had some
effect and the Japanese press this morn
ing adopts a more optimistic tone.
General Alexelff has telegraphed to St.
Petersburg and to the Russian Minister
at Peking that the Russian troops distrib
uted throughout Manchuria are in perfect
readiness and all arrangements jkve com
plete.
The Japanese press continues to exhibit
excitement as to the Russian attitude in
Manchuria and on the borders of Korea,
but the Jiji and other papers of high
est reputation deny the presence of any
"crisis," and appeal for a rousing of na
tional sentiment to Insist upon a peace
able settlement of outstanding Far East
ern problems.
General Kouropatkin, Russian War
Minister, left Kobe on the 23th inst. for
Nagasaki on the warship Askold, and
after a short stay of two days at the
eastern port of Japan was to leave for
Port Arthur en route for St. Petersburg,
which he expected to reach between the
15th and 2Sth of July. ' On the way he was
to review the Russian troops. The Askold
was accompanied by the Xoolk.
A Japanese cruiser and three torpedo
boat destroyers left Japan for Korean
waters on the 25th inst.
TOKIO, June 27.— The Osaka Mainichi is
sued an • xtra on June 25 that is generally
discredited In Tokio. It stated that Prince
Ching went to Mr. Lessar and told him
all about the British and Japanese joint
protests ind warnings regarding Manchu
ria. M. Lessar laughed and told Prince
Ching to take no notice. He added that
Russia was quite prepared for all contin
gencies. After conversing for some time
Prince Chirg agreed to .do as M. Lessar
said.
CHEFOO, China, July 13.— General
Kuropatkin, the Russian War Minister,
and staff, who have been present at the
important conference at Port Arthur of
the Russian Minister to China, M. Les
sar, and all the high Russian officials in
North China and Manchuria, at which
the Russian position in the Far East was
discussed, left Port Arthur to-day on
their return to St. Petersburg.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 13.— According
to the newspaper Novikral, published at
Port Arthur, Russia has Informed China
that she is compelled to exclude foreign
ers from Manchuria .and postpone the
opening of Manchurlan ports, owing to
the presence of Englishmen and Ameri
cans § . who, In disguise, are engaged In
espionage. Russia, according to the pa
per, promises to open the ports six years
hence, when the country has been tran
quillized and settled.
The newspaper adds that during the six
years no foreigner* whatever will be per
mitted to take up their residence in Man
churian ports.
Newspapeivdn Port Arthur
Responsible for This
- Statement.
Czar Claims Absolute
Possession for Six
Tears. •
Manchuria to Be
Closed to All
Foreigners.
Venezuelan Forces-Will De*
t liver Onslaught on Ciudad
Bolivar by Land and Sea
BOLD PLAN
IS CHARGED
TO RUSSIA
FLEET TO JOIN
IN THE ATTACK
POPE'S BRAVE
STRUGGLE IS
NEARING END
Venerable Invalid
Suffers Sharp
Relapse.
For First Time Weak
ness Extends to
His Brain.
All Symptoms Now Point to
an Imminent'Disso
lution.
The San Francisco Call.
SAN FK A NCISCO, ; TUESDAY, JULY 14, 1903.
VOLUME XCIV— iXO. 44,
PBIOE FIVE CENT&
Municipal Corporation of
Dublin Votes Jlgainst
Presentation of AddressCall . for \ up-to-date traveling ; bags or
suit cases. Do you need a' new trunk?
Carload prices to the user. Leather Goods
Department. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street, •
Trunks for Summer Outings.
PENSACOLA. Fla., July 13.— Three men
were drowned near this port to-day by
the foundering in a squall of the Amelia
Lyons, a fishing smack from Mobile. The !
dead: Seaman McVeagh, William Ward
and the cook of the smack. J
Fishing Smack Founders.
?k B1 IT, TE - M °nt.. July 13.-A special to
the Miner from Livingston says that the
second trial ' of Martin Zeitnwlr, charged
with the , murder of George Relder on
Trail Creek two years ago, was called In
the District Court to-day.. Zeltmelr was
found fuilty in the first degree -in the first
trial several months -ago.
Placed on Trial for Murder.
OMAHA, Nebr., July 13.— Richard S.
Berlin, a politician and real estate deal
er, was found dead in his office early
to-day, having been asphyxiated by gas
from an. open fixture. It is. believed the
wind blew the cas out while Berlin was
asleep. He had been a . member , of the
State Legislature, Missouri River Com
missioner and - held ' a * number of minor
offices. He was a Republican.
Omaha Politician Is -Asphyxiated.
MONTGOMERY, Ala., July 13.-The
Jury in the case of the United States vs.
Fletcher. Turner, charged with having
held Glennle Helms, a negro. In a condi
tion of peonage, reported that it could
not agree and was discharged to-day.
The other cases, against Turner have
been continued : until August. .
Jury in Peonage Case Disagrees.
NEWCASTLE. Wyo.. July 13.-A small
flockmaster southeast of Gillette was vis
ited by a band of masked cattlemen a
few days ago. Dynamite was placed un
der his humble sod house, windmill and
watering tank and all blown to atoms.
He was bound to a post while the work
of destruction was going on and when
the mob left him they, admonished him
to leave the country and make no further
attempt to rebuild.
Blow Up the Home, Windmill and
Watering Tank of a Wyoming
Flockmaster.
MASKED CATTLEMEN
RESORT TO VIOLENCE
Death of Well-Known Railroad Man.
FORT SMITH, Ark., July 13.— Frederick
Bond, chief engineer of the Fort 8mlth
and Western Railroad, is dead here, aged
52. Bond was . one of the most widely
known railroad men in the WeBt. .In the
seventies he was in the employ of the
Federal Government and was connected
with the ;Hayden geographical survey
through Colorado and Arizona.
WILKESBARRE. Pa., July 13.— Three
men were killed, two seriously injured
and three buildings were destroyed to-day
by an explosion In the press mill at the
Latlln Powder Works at Laflln. The force
of the explosion shook every house In
Laflln. Joseph Gray was 'found 200 feet
from the mill with his body literally
blown to pieces. His son. Joseph Gray
Jr., aged 23. and Alexander Moore, U
years old, were klllod.
Explosion Kills Three Men.
SEDALIA, Mo., July 13.— J. J. Frey,
formerly general manager of the Santa
Fe Railway, died here to-day after a long
illness from kidney trouble, aged 55 years.
Frey entered the railway service when
17 years of age as a - messenger boy on
the Ohio and Mississippi. He became
night dispatcher on that road and in 1868
became trainmaster on the Missouri Pa
cific. In 1872 he was made trainmaster
on the Missouri, Kansas and Texas and
later' became successively superintendent
of telegraph, division superintendent, vice
president and sreneral manager of that
road. In 1893 he was made general man
ager of the Santa Fe, which position he
resigned in November, 1899.
J. J. Frey, at One Time General Man
ager of the Santa le, Passes
Away at Sedalia.
FORMER RAILROAD MAN
DIES AFTER LONG ILLNESS
ST. LOUIS. July 13,-George Collins,
alias Fred Lewis, the confederate * of
"Bill" Rudolph, the bank robber, who es
caped from jail last Monday, was taken
to Union to-day for trial on the charge
of killing Charles Schumacher, a detec
tive who had been, sent to arrest the two
men. Although not present. Rudolph will
be tried on the same charge. Sheriff
Thomas B. Bruch of Franklin County,
accompanied by four deputies, escorted
the. prisoner to guard 'against his escape
or rescue by Rudolph, who is etill at
large.
Bank Robber Is Still at Large.
NEW YORK, July 13.— McDougall
Hawkes. Commissioner of Docks and
Ferries, made public to-day a statement
answering charges made by C. F. Mur
phy, leader of Tammany Hall and former
treasurer of the dock board under the
Van Wyck administration. Concerning
Murphy's allusion to the lease by the
present administration of a pier to the
Central Hudson Steamboat Company, re
ferred to by Murphy as "Governor Odell's
company," Hawkes says that the city
made an excellent bargain; that the lease
was approved by the Sinking Fund Com
mission and the Controller's "office, and
that Murphy's figured loss to the city of
$480,000 is made out of whole cloth.
"The whole story of Governor Odell's
relation to this matter," he adds. "Is pur
est imagination and an attempt to make
political capital and was thoroughly ex
ploded after most careful examination by
the members of the sinking fund."
Commissioner of New York Docks
Says Murphy Is Attempting to
Make Political Capital.
ANSWERS CHARGES MADE
BY LEADER OF TAMMANY
WASHINGTON, July 13.-The Treasury
Department to-day confirmed the report
that gross irregularities had been charged
in connection with the assay of Imported
lead ores at El Paso,- Tex. The depart
ment was asked by the Collector to ap
point a commission with Government
Storekeeper Fulkerson as chairman to In
vestigate the charges. This the depart
ment declined to do and Instead directed
Special Agents Evans at El Paso and
Johnson at New Orleans to make the- In
vestigation and instructed Fulkerson to
turn over to the special agents any facts
in his possession bearing upon the sub
ject.. Fulkerson refused to do this, on the
ground that the agents would hot treat
his evidence as confidential. .
Thereupon the department directed that
charges be preferred against Fulkerson
for" Insubordination. It Is reported that
Fulkerson has resigned, but the depart
ment has no knowledge of this action if
it has been taken. The investigation is
now in progress. ,
LONDON, July 13.-A white paper was
Issued by the Foreign Office to-night, giv
ing the correspondence between Great
Britain and Germany in connection with
the German-Canadian tariff discussion.
The dispatches cover the period from May
9, 1897. to July 7, 1903, but their text adds
little to the statements by Foreign Office
officials brought In Parliament from time
to time. The general tone of the corre
spondence Indicates a greater willingness
on the part of Germany to discuss In a
friendly way the question, after Colonial
Secretary Chamberlain's public advocacy
of retaliatory tariff policy.
On July 7 Germany suggested an Inter
change" of ideas with a view to a friendly
settlement. This suggestion was accepted
by Lord Lansdowne, although the British
Foreign Secretary In closing his note re
iterated Great Britain's refusal to admit
Germany's right to treat Canada or any
other colony granting special tariff con
cessions to the mother country as a sep
arate customs territory, to be. made to
suffer by retaliation for privileges granted
to the United Kingdom.
Kaiser Is Not Desirous of Engaging
in a Tariff War With Great
• ¦ Britain.
GERMANY NOW SUGGESTS
A FRIENDLY SETTLEMENT
Treasury Department Is
Investigating El Paso
Scandal.
Former Californian Dies,
NEW YORK, July 13.— Francis Granger
Adams is dead at his home near Cox
sackie, oa the Hudson. Adaras was one
of the pioneers to California in 1S19. Later
he became engaged in the banking busi
ness in Chicago and his bank was one of
the few that passed successfully through
the trying times of 1S57.
Conflict Between Presi
dent and Chamber
Continues.
Senor Corea Returns to His Post.
WASHINGTON. June 11— Senor Corea,
the Nicaraguan Minister, who has just
returned to his post here after a visit to
Managua, paid his respects to Secretary
Hay to-day and gave an interesting pic
ture of the rapid improvement of condi
tions in Nicaragua since the last insur
rection.
PORT-AU-PRINCE, Hayti. July 13.-
The conflict between President Nord arid
the. Chamber continues. A state of siege
has been proclaimed and the national
guard has been summoned to arms.
The conflict is apparently the outcome
of- the discovery some months ago of al
leged extensive frauds in the issue of
Haytien Government securities. The
amount involved is about $2,000,000, and it
was alleged that securities were fraud
ulently issued with the complicity of the
National Bank of Hayti. The President
appointed a committee to probe the mat
ter and the Minister of. Finance, who was
opposed to the investigation, resigned.
President Nord vigorously denounced the
attitude of the Chambers and ' the Na
tlonal Bank as being hostile to the Gov
ernment. The troops cheered the Presi
dent, shouting "Down with the Cham
bers!"
Retired Broker Commits Suicide.
NEW YORK. July 13.— Edward D.
Phelps, formerly a well known piano
manufacturer of Brooklyn and more re
cently a broker of the Consolidated
Stock Exchange and real estate operator,
was found dead in bed to-day at his home.
The room was full of gas and the police
and Corone r's reports give his death as
suicide. • Waldo Phelps. a ton, declared
that his father had died of heart failure,
under natural causes. Phelps was 52
years of age. When he retired from the
business eighteen years ago he was re
puted to be a millionaire.
NO SIGN OF APOPLEXY.
Report of Autopsy Surgeon Received
in San Rafael.
SAX RAFAEL, July IX— Each day de
velops some additional evidence against
"Dr." John Donald Woods, and Alice Cloy
Wood. To-day District Attorney Boyd
received the offlcial report from the au
topsy surgeon, Dr. McKenzle. of Newark,
N. J. This report flatly declares that
Colonel William J. Best did not die from
apoplexy, and that the whole case is an
extremely suspicious one. Some of the
pieces of organs were not analyzed, but
are en route to San Rafael and upon ar
rival will be sent to a San Francisco
chemist in order that it may be de
termined Just what poisons were used.
The report received is as follows:
"Thomas P. Boyd, District Attorney, San
Rafael. Cal.— Dear Sir: Acting under your
telegram to Mr. Best, I made this after
noon aji autopsy upon the body of Wil
liam J. Best. I would say that the body
had been previously opened and the
stomach, intestines and lungs removed.
Nearly all of the organs were severed
from their connection with the body, but
were in the body. The brain was intact,
and showed no indication of apoplexy.
The case is exceedingly suspicious, and I
advise that a most thorough chemical ex
amination be made. Yours very truly,
"W. H. McKEXZIE.
"County Physician."
Detective de Pue apprehended Ihatchki.
the Japanese, who was a servant in the
Woods household during Best's illness.
To-night he was interrogated by the au
thorities in the hope that he might throw
more light upon the case. The- District
Attprney received to-day a letter from
the former Chief of Police of Harrisburg,
Pa., asking tor information about Mrs.
Wood and an infant child. The letter Is
as follows:
Dear Sir— I have read a newspaper erticlft
referring to the arrest of Dr. J. D. Woods and
Miss Alice Cloy Wood for causing the death of
Colonel William Best, who died in your city
during April. 1903. Can you inform me
•whether or not Mrs. J. D. Woods and infant
child are living yet in your city or elsewhere?
The infant was three to five years old when
residing In Harrlsburg, about 1895 or 1808.
The Woods people are well known here and
considerable interest Is aroused in their recent
escapade. They were »ubjects of notoriety
when living In thl« city. S. J. ANDERSON
SEATTLE. Wash.. July 13,-WIlliam E.
Best of this city, mentioned In the Eas
ton (Pa.) dispatch, said to-day:
"The Etatement of Mrs. Woods that tha
autopsy was ordered by me is an error.
At the time I heard of my father's death
in California I wired there ordering the
body embalmed and prepared for ship
ment East, and that was done. Upon the
arrival of the body in the East the cir
cumstances were such that an autopsy
was made at the instigation or the offi
cials who were investigating the case and
fully consented to by my brother. That
autopsy revealed the fact that peculiar
actions had been performed by the men
who had had charge of the body prior to
Its shipment from California."
Naturalization Papers Are Set Aside.
ST. LOUIS, July 11— Judge Rodgers in
the United States District Court to-day
set. aside the naturalizations of thirty
nine Russians and Italians on motion of
District Attorney Dyer, who. It is said,
will ask to have the naturalization pa
pers of. several hundred more Italians
and Russians declared void. The proceed
ing are the result of the conviction of
John Barabaglla and Nathan Levin for
aiding. Italians and Russians in. fraudu
lently securing their citizenship papers.
To Bar Alien Anarchists.
WASHINGTON. July 13,-The State De
partment has given notice that it has con
strued the naturalization law passed by
the last Congress, as requiring it to reject
all certificates of naturalization Issued
after July 3, 1003. which fall to set forth
the fact that the person naturalized is
not opposed to all organized government
and likewise is not affiliated with any or
ganization eo opposed; also that he does
not advocate the killing of officers of the
Government.
Western Union Wins Victory.
BALTIMORE, Md.; July 13.— In the
United States District Court to-day. Judge
Morris Issued an order restricting < tha
Philadelphia, Baltimore and Washington
Railway Company from interfering with
the polea and wires of the Western Union
Telegraph Company that are located. on
the property, of the railway company.
This prevents the railway company dupli
cating in Maryland its act in Pennsylva
nia.
r^ath of Former Finance Minister.
VIENNA, July 13.— Benjamin von Kal-
lay, lor a long time Auitro-Hungarian
Finance Minister, died to-day after a
brief Illness. He was born in 1839, and
was the author of several historical
Work*. ¦¦';*:."? .- ,
ECZEMA, NO CUBE, NO PAY.
Your druggist will refund your money if PAZO
OINTMENT falls to cure Ringworm,- Tetter,
Old Ulcers and Sorea, Pimples end Blackheads
oo the face, and all sklo diseases. 60 cent*. •
HAYTIEN TROOPS
ARE UNDER ARMS
to-day under the auspices { of
the Association of Mexican War Vet
erans. The Pioneer Society also took a
lively interest in the affair. The exer
cises were held at the northwest corner
of Post and Market streets and were wit
nessed by a large number of people.
A slight hitch in the arrangements was
caused by the absence of Colonel S. W;
Boring, who had taken the lead In per
fecting arrangements and was to pre
side. City Attorney F. B. Brown pre
sided in his stead and the programme
proceeded. The proclamation issued . by
Commodore 81oat at Monterey, proclaim-
SA-: JOSE. July 13.— The fifty
seventh anniversary of the raising
of the American flag in Santa
Clara County was celebrated here
FRAUD IN ASSAYS
OF MEXICAN ORE
ing the domain of California under the
rule of the United 8tates, was read by
Chairman O. H. P. Bailey.
-J. W. Hines, a prominent member qf the
Pioneer Society, made a ringing speech,
in which he related the history of the
flag-raising event. Addresses were also
made by Major E. A. Sherman of San
Francisco, an officer of the Mexican War, 1
and by Captain J. C. Boyorth, also a vet
eran of the Mexican War and a partici
pant in the battle of Buena Vista.
When Commodore Sloat raised . the
American flag at Monterey, July 7, 1846,
Governor Jose Castro was in charge of
San Jose for the Mexican Government.
When this act was accomplished the com
modore, sent a messenger to San Jose to
announce the fact and immediately Qov
ernor Castro started for Mexico. Upon
hearing' of Castro's departure Captain
Tom .Fallon. who wa» camped in 'the
Santa Cruz Mountains, marched to San
Jose, seized the Juzgado. arrested Dolores
Pacheco, the Alcalde, .who surrendered
the. keys of the public archives, appointed
James Stokes Justice of the Peace and
hoisted the American flag on a staff in
front of the Courthouse on July 13.
There was much speculation In the post
office to-day over the sudden return to
the city of a half dozen postal inspectors.
It is paid that some of the postal^nspec
tors served a number of subpena#*to-day
on officials of trust companies and banks,
requiring them to produce the books of
their concerns befcre a "John Doe" in
vestigation scheduled to be held within a
few days in Washington. The nature of
the investigation could not be ascertained
and the names of those served were
guarded with great secrecy.
The investigation of the railway mail
transportation service was taken up to
day. Acting Second Assistant George F.
Btone was called into conference with
the Postmaster General and Bristow this
afternoon. Previous to that conference
Bristow received some documents and
material from John M. MaEten, assistant
superintendent of the rai'road mail serv
ice. Second Assistant Shailcnberger is on
his vacation, but informed the Postmas
ter General that if his presence was de
cired in connection with the investigation
if the railroad mail transportation he
would return £t any time.
CALL BUREAU, 14^6 G STREET N.
W\, WASHINGTON, July It—Notwith
ettndir.g the oft repeated statement that
the end cf the postal investigation is in
tight, there were a number of important
conferences and developments to-da?
which proved that the final chapter of the
ecandal may be most sensational. Post
master General Fayne and Fourth Assist
ant Bristow, the sleuth of the depart
ment, were in consultation for more than
an hour late this afternoon, and it is un
derstood there will be a general sweeping
cut of subordinates of the Postoffice De
partment.
The Grand Jury will reassemble to-mor
row and has received instructions to con
tinue the postal fraud cases. It is un
derstood that George W. Beavers, former
eupcrintendent of the division of salaries
and allowances, will be called to testify
before the Grand Jury and that his testi
mony will be rather incriminating in
character, while involving officials whose
names have net i.jjj»eared in the postal
ecandal thus far.
Commissioner Procter of the civil serv
ice board was in conference with Post
master General Payne to-day and efforts
are bring made to smooth over the diS
culty wh:ch has arisen over the appoint
ment of skilled laborers, messengers and
clerks from lists offered by the commis
eioik. Postmaster General Payne prom
ised to give all the co-operation possible
to the efforts of the civil service depart
ment to apply the regulation of the merit
law more rigidly to the postal service.
There is, nevertheless, a feeling in some
quarters that the assistance rendered the
civil service cemmirsion is only half
hearted.
facial Dispatch to The Call
The convention was in full progress at
4 o'clock and, although there were signs
of rain and some wind was blowing, no
trouble was looked for by the manage
ment. The sides of the tent were up to
admit the air and this enabled the squall
to lift up the big canvas as if it were a
balloon. The gust of wind which carried
over the tent came so suddenly that no
preparation could be made to forestall
the consequences. The wind swept under
the tent, the roof of which bellied out
like an immense sail and it was seen
that the -poles were being drawn from the
ground. The smaller guy poles gave the
first intimation of danger to the throng,
being pulled from the ground.
Immediately the 8000 peisons were In a
panic, which the screaming of the women
accentuated. It was then that Ramsay
sprang to a chair and loudly called on the
men to hold up the canvas and catch the
larger supporting poles as they fell and
avert that danger. Hundreds of men
sprang to their feet and successfully car
ried out the Chicago man's suggestion
and consequently no, one was injured in
this way.
As the poles fell more than 1000 persons
who were seated near the walls of the
tent escaped the folds and these imme
diately formed themselves into a relief
corps. The hospital tent was speedily
filled with women who had fainted and
those who were suffering from injuries.
SUDDEN GUST OF WIND.
A feature which showed the religious
nature of the participants was seen when
the majority were extricated from the
canvas folds. Led by an Eastern delegate,
all gathered around in tho open air and
an impromptu praise service was held.
Among those who are suffering from se
vere nervous shocks are: Miss Blanche
Fearer. Oregon, 111.; Miss Adams. Oregon.
111.; Miss Nipper. Pueblo, Colo.; Miss
iuyrtle Moore, Warren, 111.; Mrs. Small,
Denver.
The more seriously injured are: Mrs.
Thornburgh. Denver, very bad wound In
forehead; Allela Murdock, Denver, arm
fractured; J. C. Peterson, Alamoaa, Colo.,
scalp wound and shock; Mis* Mary Ellis,
Denver, bruised about body; Miss Powers,
Trenton. Neb., knee injured, body
bruised; Mrs. I. N. Johnson. Denver, bad
ly bruised and fainted from fright; J. C.
Patterson, Alamosa, Colo., head hit by
electric lamp, bad scalp wound; Miss Etta
Ward. 1515 West Taylor ctreet, Chicago,
large pole fell across back and badly
bruised her.
Mrs. Winifred Sleep of Denver, who was
in charge of the St. Mark's Hospital tent,
seeing the catastrophe at the big tent,
telephoned the electric company to shut
off the current. This prevented any dam
age being done by live wires, for of
course they fell with the poles.
SOME OF THE INJURED.
The presence of mind of A. M. Ramsay
of Chicago, who sprang to a chair and
called to the Endeavorers to hcid up the
canvas and poles, undoubtedly prevented
danger of suffocation, but as it was many
women fainted and were extricated from
the folds of the canvas with much diffi
culty.
Mrs. Jessie M. Thornburgh of Denver
was the moat seriously injured. Her nose
was -crushed and she sustained several
scalp wounds.
DENVER. Colo.. July 13.— The big tent
Endeavor, where the Christian Endeavor
Convention has been held- for the past
four days, was blown down this after
noon at 4 o'clock while more than 8000
persons were attending the convention.
The injured numbered nearly a score, but
fortunately none of them were fatally
hur».
General Su-eeping Out of Subor
dinates Will Es One cf
the Sequels to the
Scandal.
Great Canvas Structure Is Lifted
by Sudden Squall and Crashes
Down Upon Eight Thou
sand Christians.
Coolness of a Chicago Man
Prevents Probable
Loss of Life.
The results of these separate Investiga
tions will be gathered together by Wil
liam C. Hodge of the bureau, who has
general charge of the California work,
and will be presented to the State in a
formal report, accompanied by maps.
The bureau will also make a study of
the chaparral lands of Southern Califor
nia in order to learn whether it will pay
to plant them with timber trees. A very
Interesting question has been raised as
to whether . chaparral— which includes a
great variety of scrub trees, such as
manzanlta. scrub oak. valley mahogany
and scrub cherry— will retain the mois
ture in the soil well as timber trees.
Chaparral growf^enser than timber trees
and often reaches a height of twenty to
twenty-five feet and a diameter of six
teen to eighteen Inches. L. C. Miller, who
has charge of this work, is now making
a study of the conditions under which
chaparral grows in the San Gabriel Moun
tains, near Pasadena, where the bureau
has been planting pines and cedars for
several years.
The effects of fire on the forest, espe
cially after lumb.erlng, and what may be
done by the State to prevent fire are sub
jects that will take a long time to work
out. In September E. A. Sterling of the
bureau will try to determine what is the
cheapest and most effective method of
protecting from fire land that has been
lumbered.
The work has been begun on a large
scale. Six men are now examining pub
lic lands in the State to determine what
parts of them are suitable for. national
forest reserves, and similar studies will
be made of lands for State reserves. A
etudy will, be made of all lands owned
by the State in order to determine the
uses to which they may best be put, who
should administer them, and what port
of administration they should have. A
forest map of California will be made,
showing the location of all forest areas
and distinguishing between the different
kinds of forest. In connection with the
forest map will be a study of important
trees In order to learn with exactness the
commercial range of the valuable species.
An investigation will be made of the ef
fects of lumbering on the forest in order
to determine what ought to be done to
cut-over lands. It is of great importance
to know what happens to the land in dif
ferent parts of the timbered regions after
it is cut over by the lumberman— whether
it comes up again in timber of whether
•It becomes, waste land.
policy, California has undertaken this
year, with the help of the Bureau of For
estry, a comprehensive and detailed study
of its forests. The State Legislature re
cently appropriated $15,<X#.for the study,
the condition being that it should be car
ried out by the Bureau of Forestry and
that the bureau should bear half the ex
pense. •
The State desires to know those facts
about its forests that will guide it in
passing wise forest laws. It desires to
know, for instance, what disposal should
be made of the State forest lands, what
should be done to regulate the cutting of
timber on them, how forest fires may best
be restrained, whether tree planting In
denuded areas will pay, etc.
The task of securing all the informa
tion necessary for a forest policy for Cal
ifornia the Bureau of Forestry has be
gun this summer. The work is of such
.magnitude that several years will be re
quired to complete it, but valuable and
Suggestive results will be secured each
year.
CALL, BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, July 13.-The Bu
reau of Agriculture has given out
the following: With the intention
of fixing upon a proper forest
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"On Thursday he was better in the
morning, but grew worse in the after
noon. He insisted on getting up and put
ting on hi& trousers, but he soon became
exhausted and was glad to have us put
him back to bed. I sent for a nurs« In
the evening. She came. The colonel cried
and said that strangers irritated him. I
asked him where I could reach you and
your sons, but he implored me not to let
you know. He feared his left side was
becoming paralyzed. Once he sent for me
and I was with him constantly until he
died of cerebral hemorrhage. Beneath his
pillow was a purse containing a $10 gold
piece and 40 cents in change and his
watch. The nurse and I removed them.
I took the $10 with $10 of my own and
paid the nurse. These are the only bills."
NEW YORK. July 13.— Alics Cloy Wood
has written another letter to Colonel
Best's, widow in which she says:
"CoJonei Best came to our house in San
Rafael on the evening of March 25. On
the ferry he had complained of feeling
I1L He left March 31, expecting to go to
Denver, but returned the same evening,
as he was not feeling well. He told us
not to worry, as he had had similar at
tacks in Denver and Leadville, and he
would conquer. I remained with him all
day except to get my meals. While I
was at dinner he told the maid that he
had been unconscious at the breakfast
table and once since, but not to frighten
us by telling us.
Another Letter Is Received From
Woman Who Attended Best
Alfred M. Best denied to-day that any
autopsy had been ordered by his broth
er William ar.d added that when ¦ his
brother reached San Rafael from Seattle
his father's body had been embalmed
and was in a casket. Mrs. Woods' state
ment that Colonel Best had given a bag,
which she and her husband are accused
of stealing, to their daughter, is the third
version she has given of this matter.
Best says.
4
MRS. WOODS WRITES.
NEW YORK. July lS.-That Dr. John
D. Woods and his wife are now in Canada
is believed by relatives cf Colonel Best.
They base this belief on the fact that the
letter written to the editor of a newspaper
in Easton. Pa., by Mrs: Woods was
mailed ir. Buffalo. X. Y., on Friday last.
It was written on paper of a hotel at
Niagara Falls. ¦
When this came to the knowledge of
the late Colonel Best's sons to-day, Alfred
M. Best telegraphed to the Chief of Police
of Buffalo that a detective from San Ra
fael was expected here daily with war
rants for the arrest of the Woods and
with extradition papers. He told of the
crime of which they are accused and also
reminded the chief that Wocd3 is a fugi
tive from justice in this State. This was
a reference to Woods' disappearance after
he had been arrested in Oloan thirteen
years ago on a charge of bigamy pre
ferred against him by the woman who is
now with him.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Dragnet Likely to Ensnare
More of Department's
Officials.
Experts Will Secure Data
Upon Which to Base Need
ed Legislation.
Son of the Late Colonel Best
Informs New York
Police.
Score of Endeavorers
. Are Injured at
Denver. . '
Postofflce Inquiry May
Have Sensational
Ending.
Bureau of Forestry Be
girt Investigation in
California.
Doctor Accused of Mur
der Said to Have
Gone North.
MEN HIGH
IN OFFICE
TREMBLING
CONVENTION
TENT FALLS
BEFORE GALE
WOODS REACHES
CANADIAN SOIL
FOREST POLICY
BEING STUDIED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 14, 1903.
Impressive Ceremony Held in Observance of
an Anniversary at San Jose and Promi
nent Men Deliver Stirring" Addresses
VETERANS OF THE WARS GATHER
TO RENDER HONOR TO THE FLAG
MEXICAN VETERAN WHO PAR
TICIPATED IN ANNIVERSARY
CEREMONIES AT SAN JOSE.
2
iLDVEBTISEliIEETS.
THESE WORDS WXZ.£ CAtTSE
UASTT MOTHERS TO THINK
About thfdr children'6 school »hoe8.
l'y callins; on as we can 'save them
both TI5IE and MONET.
!0% REDUCTIOM
On all Boys*. Youths' and
Misses' School Shoes.
OUR BOTS* AND'TOUTHS 1 *•*
"KAST IRON"
E BUILT TOR HARD Vk'EAR
Urn the tx>st In the market for dura-
>UHy-~Just the shoe for the bays — here
ii* ¦• few prices: .
•izea 10 to IS. irpilar $1.75. sale ¦*' . ;
price fl.GO
•lizes 1314 to 2, regular $2.00, sale
price *1.SO
?!xes !"'.» to B>£, regular $2.25.
rale price frS.OO
THE CLEARANCE SALE
¦ »tlll 'In proxre«s. We still have
nary smart Ftyles In MEN'S.
WOMEN'S and CHILDREN'S SHOE3
to eelect from at greatly reduced prices. .
BOQTERIE-
104-110 GEARY 5T,
ADVEBTISEMENTC
JgiCAflTEftS
Positively cured toy these
Xittle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsfa,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, -Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Toaguo
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. SmaD Dose.
Small Price-
A Remarkable
Showing.
SB. KOEHIQSTEIS'S BED
8AX.VS lias been upon tlie
local market but a t aw montis,
- c " lrat in that ehort ttme liaa ef-
fected, some really remarkable
cures of varlou* «kln com-
plaints, and among* those cured
are some very well-known
people of this city. Below Is a
partial list ot those tnat will
gladly testify to tse merits of
DR. KOENIOSTEIN'S BED
SALVE, and tlie parties named
have been relieved, respec-
tively, of all classes of skin
complaints, such as Eczema,
Poison Oak, TJlceratiGns, Pers-
piring 1 Peet, inflammations,
/ Blood PoUoning-, Etc
J. C. Crooks. Deputy Cleric State Supreme
Court.
John F. Slebe. Hamburg-Bremen Ins. Co.. •415
California street. '2.ZJ.
Frank C. Selfrtdze. California pioneer. 2433
Jackson street.
Jesse W. Lilienthal Jr.. 2027 Sacramento street.
J. Frank Moroney. president Jessa More-Hunt
Company. .
William Mooser architect. 44 Geary street.
Mrs. Harriet McCarthy. 711 Pine street.
E. W. Gates, cashier F. Cavagnaro. 544 CUy
street
A. Abrahazason. proprietor Hotel Richelieu.
George C. Goe, ferry postofflce.
J. W. Van Praaj. manufacturers' agent. 222
Sutter street-
John Morrlsey. manager Orphenm Theater.
J. B. Araermsnn, manufacturing stationer. 40
California street.
W J Sullivan The Hoffman. 601 Market st.
Charles H. Krause. treasurer Tivoll Theater.
ASK THEM ABOUT IT!
fiOc and $1.00 per Jar. at Union Drag; Com-
pany's stores.
Depot. Koenlgstein Medical Company, 123
Kearny St.. room 22.
COLLARED AND CUFFED
Adequately is the satisfactory state
every man envies. That's the kind
of work we turn out— collars, cuffs,
shirts, etc., to suit the most particu-
lar man in this big town. We are
looking for laundry orders.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
orriCE 1004 market stbeet,
Near Powell.
PERFECT
JJsed by people of refinement
Tor over a quarter of a century
PREPARED BY
A visit DR. JORDAN'S grcatJ
f MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
A QJ 1551 MASS!? S5.tr.. Sft«a,S.T.Cal. 0
\ *3f The Largest Anatoatul Museum hi the \
Q . jl»_ World. Weakneuai cr any contracted 0
jSSfSy d:sea-e r»«MI*«-I)r rare* »y the oldest f
O I »* 8 J b P ec - i: '« on «*« Coast. Eit. 36 years. ©
A i1*y* 4 DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEM A
\ ifiy^J Con«uluticn free aad ttrictly pri-rate. \
n K Vi*/() Traannent personal^ ct by lr;t-r A O
\ R 7 MV P—Ht— CW«u* e»ery case undertaken. T
ISA I! A Write for Book, PUlLOHUPUV.f A
T H P BARItlAGK, MAILED FRKS. (AT
1 A IL valuable book for mra) • \
f OR JORDAN A CO.. 1C5I Market Ht.S. F. f
l^l'3/^ /^^ YOllR EYES
CURES AIL EYE DISEASES. V"^ My
INFUMED EYES.6CALES OH LlOSvIS^^- "«•>
GRANULATION ETC '**> M^
California sunlight, strong winds and alkali
dust cause eye trouble. Little troubles grow.
Murine Is * favorite toilet requisite, restores •
faded eye to natural brlUlancy, doun't imart.
•oothes eye pain.
The laboratories of the Murine Eye Remedy
Co.. Chicago, are the largest la the world pro-
ducing an. exclusive line of eye remedies.
Sold by Druggists and Opticians
Coal Reduction
200O Pounds
Put In Your Bin
AMERICAN GANHEL $10
Sold bj All Sellable Dealers.A flock of ostriches at Phoenix, A. T.,
now. numbers more than 1000 birds. Their
increase is rapid, because a pair," barring
accidents,: vrll\ raise a brood each , cum
mer i for seventy years.; . Each i pair:pro
duces In ' feathers and eggs about • $30 a
year.V/- : ¦.¦-¦¦ ! ' -
When . you get a fountain pen that suits
your. hand. There Is nothing gives so
much satisfaction as one of our pens that
never fail - you; but write without 1 any
shaking or coaxing. Prices - J1.00 ; to ; $4.00
each. Mohey back if not satisfactory,
fianborn. Vail & Co., 741 Market st. • •
Pen Troubles Disappear
All true Moslems when eating must be
gin with salt and finish with vinegar. If
they. begin. with salt they will escape the
contagion . of seventy diseases. If they
finish. with vinegar their worldly prosper
ity will continue on the increase.— Wash-
Inston Star
A Moslem Meal.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, July 13.— A spirited
team driven by, AY J. Gooley, a prominent
resident of Santa Margarita, became
frightened on the Cuesta grade this after
noon and ran away, throwing Gooley out
of the buggy '.and causing a. fracture of
his skull. He was brought to this place
for treatment. He may die.
Citizen Injured in a Runaway.
A Toledo real estate man paid $500 for
an old dock at Manhattan, Ohio, a year
ago and his friends said he was crazy.
He has been selling the oak and walnut
logs of which the dock was constructed
and has thus far cleared $20,000, with
prospects of making as much more. The
dock was sixty years old and the water
curing has made the Jogs more valuable
than they were when newly cut.—Balti
more American.
Not as Crazy as He Seemed.
American Rifleman Is Third.
BISL.EY, England, July 13.— In tho
Waldegrave competition, which was won
to-day by Major Oxley with an aggregato
of 99 points, the American, G. E. Cook,
was third with 97 points. Cook used the
Krag-Jorgensen service rifle, while his
opponents were armed with the finest
match rifles. <
It has been observed that the unpleas
ant sensations when on board of a ship
come on usually as the vessel sinks down
into the trough of the sea. The same
sensation is felt in an elevator as It
starts ' on its downward trip. A simple
remedy to overcome this trouble is rec
ommended by O. Bornbluth: Just as the
vessel sinks one should take a 'long
breath and hold it for a* few moments.
This inflates the abdomen and fixes 'the
diaphragm, and If continued for some
time Is effectual in keeping away the un
pleasant nauseous* sensations.
As a preliminary treatment he also rec
ommends the dally evening administra
tion for a week previous to embarkation
of fifteen to forty grains of sodium bro
mide.'. The diet^and the time of taking
food should not vary from that to which
the -individual Is accustomed.— Medical
News.'
Remedy for Seasickness.
SAN JOSE. July 13.— Burt J. Forbes,
former traveling . agent for the Edward
Thompson Company of New York, pub
lishers of law books, is wanted on a
felony charge of obtaining money under
false, pretenses. Forbes induced Attorney.
W. M. Beggs to indorse a draft on tho
Thompson Company for $100, which was
subsequently dishonored.- . A warrant
was issued to-day for the arrest of Burt
J. Forbes.
Police Seek Traveling Agent.
TACOMA,.Wash., Julyl3.— The hunt for
Murderer Smith has been abandoned, tem
porarily at least. Sheriff Denholm with
drew his men to-day and Sheriff Urqu
hart of Lewis County returned home. He
left a couple of deputies to work quietly
on the case, but the bloo<fhounds were
taken back to McNeils Island.
Officers Abandon the Pursuit.
CHAUTAUQUA. N. Y... July 13.— The
anniversary of the destruction of the
Bastile was celebrated here to-day. Mr.
Benedict, president of the University of
Chicago, made a patriotic address and
"The Marseillaise" was sung by the Chau
tauqua choir and an audience of 5000 per
sons.
Celebrate Fall of the Bastile.
DOWNIEVIL.LE, July 13.— F. D. Sow
ard, Assemblyman from the Fifth Dis
trict, comprising the counties of Tehama,
Ptymas and Sierra, and a former Super
low Judge of Sierra County, died at Loy
alton this morning of erysipelas. He had
been 111 one week. At the time of his
death he was the resident attorney for
the Boca and Loyalton Railway Com
pany. The remains will be brought to
Downlevllle for interment.
Assemblyman Dies Suddenly.
. The beggar grew wary at this eagerness
and demanded five. Needless to say he
got it and also, of course, the cent piece
has never since left the . business man's
watch chain, which It now adorns.— New
York Commercial.
At that moment the electric light fell
upon the coin and the business man, to
his amazement, caughfslght of the let
ters "H. L." on the cheek of the face., He
took the coin and examined It more close
ly. Sure enough, there were his own ini
tials just above the feathers where he
had placed them a half dozen years be
fore.
At once his prejudice against begging
vanished.
"I'll give you a dollar for that coin!"
he cried. k
- A year ago he chanced, being of a cu
rious turn of mind, to fall into conversa
tion one evening with a professional beg
gar at Broad and Chestnut streets. He
upbraided the man for getting so much
money for nothing.
"Oh," said the beggar, "I don't get so
much. That's all I've cot In the last
hour." And he held up a cent piece.
Take an ordinary copper cent piece,
stamp it with a private mark, put It Into
circulation and what are the chances that
you will ever see It again? There is one
man who says he tried the trick and suc
ceeded in it. He Is a business man over
In Philadelphia who refuses to allow his
name to be used In print about the story,
but he tells the tale to many of. his
friends and he vouches for its truth.
In 1894, he says, he found a»~one-cent
piece, dated 1893, in the restaurant of the
Lafayette Hotel. He* pocketed it for luck,
and as a memento of a jolly little dinner
scratched his Initials on It Just above the
feathered head, while on the cheek he
added those. of the hotel. Until 1S96 he
treasured the coin, then drew It out of his
pocket with a handful of other change
and before he realized it the cent piece
had gone the mysterious way of all
money.
A Penny That Returned.
BRESLAU. Prussia, July 13. — Thirty lives
have been lost in a flood which has destroyed
fifty houses, at Graeffenbere. a village of Aus
tria, in the valley of Frluwalda.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., July 13.— John Tins
ley, alias Lee Brown, the negro who killed
Policeman Louis Massey at Evansvllle, is
giving the Jeffersonville Reformatory of
ficials a great deal of trouble. He arouses
the guards about midnight and pretends
to be dying, v Dr. Sharp has to be called
and sedatives administered. Brown, or
Tinsley, fears to be taken back to Evans
ville. In spite of his nervous fears he Is
improving and soon will be well.
Negro Murderer Feigns Sickness.
The inquest to-day lasted about one
hour. , Very few witnesses were called,
but those who did appear testified to the
effect that the railroad company was in
no way to blame for the death of En
gineer Hamilton. The jury . returned • a
verdict' that Fred Hamilton met his
death accidentally by the overturning of
an engine.
The .further Interrogation of witnesses
in the case of the Point Reyes disaster
on June 21 will continue on Thursday. At
that time several of the passengers, who
have been too ill to appear, will give their
testimony. F. M. Angellotti, Associate
Justice . of the Supreme Court, is able
to be out of doors* and .will be an im
portant witness at the hearing.
SAN RAFAEL, July 13.— There was an
Inquest over the remains of Engineer
Fred Hamilton of the North Shore line,
who lost his life a't Camp Pistolesl on
July 5, when his locomotive ran into a
dead cow. Evidence was presented to
Coroner Sawyer and a jury to show that
not only was the cow dead before the
train struck it. but that it seemed to
have been dragged along the company's
right of way and placed upon the rails.
The railroad detectives have been work-
Ing 1 on this opinion and hope to obtain
more evidence. There has been no claim
made for the loss of a cow. Usually
when an animal is killed by a train the
raljroad company receives a bill soon
after.
Special Dispatch to The.CalL
CHICAGO. July 13.— All the freight
handlers employed by the Chicago Ter
minal Transfer Company at its western
side depot struck to-day because of the
discharge Saturday of twenty-one men
who refused to handle freight from the
Kellogg Switchboard and Signal Com
pany. Pickets turned away every team
ster who sought to deliver goods at the
depots. The teamsters made no objection
and appeared to be in sympathy with the
strikers. Business at the station is tem
porarily at a standstill.
Chicago Freight Handlers Strike.
Nprth Shore Disaster
Considered by Marin
County Jury.
Lord Avebury read a paper at the meet
ing of the Geological Society of London,
on May 27, on the formation of moun
tains. According to the report in the
Times, he said that experiments had been
made long ago by Sir J. Hall, and after
ward by Daubrle, Ruskin, Cadell and
others, by arranging layers of cloth, clay,
cement, etc., and studying the folds and
fractures which resulted when they were
compressed. In all these experiments,
however, the pressure was in one direc
tion only, whereas it was obvious that if
mountains were due. at any rate in part,
to the contraction of the earth, in nature
the contraction and consequent pressure
took place from all sides. Lord Avebury
said that he therefore provided himself
with a square case compressible on all
four sides at once. In the central space
he arranged layers of sand, cloth, etc.,
and compressed them, thus throwing
them into folds. He then took -in each
experiment four casts in plaster of paris.
beginning from, the top, and these casts
were exhibited to the society. They pre
sented an Interesting analogy' to actual
mountain districts, though, of course,
they did not show the results of subse
quent denudation due to rain and rivers.
It had long been observed that mountain
ous districts showed two sets of lines at
right angles to one another. Any one
who would glance at a map of Scotland
would see this clearly. One set was rep
resented by the Great Glen, with the
lochs and valleys parallel to it. the sec
ond series at right angles to it; by the
Sound of Mull, etc. This characteristic
of mountain regions had long been
known, and there had been discussions
as to whether the folds were simultane
ous or successive. Lord Avebury's casts
showed this feature very clearly and it
was evident that the cross foldings took
place simultaneously.— N. Y. Sun.
The Formation of Mountains.
ST. LOUIS, July 13.— Julius Lehmann,
a former member of the House of Dele
gates, went to his second trial to-day on
the charge of perjury in connection with
the city lighting boodle deal, In which 547,
500 is alleged to have been divided among
members of the House combine. Leh
mann was convicted on the first trial and
sentenced to tfce penitentiary, but the Su
preme Court reversed the verdict and re
manded the case on a technicality. Judge
Ryan is hearing the case.
Second Trial of Lehmann.
NEW YORK, July 13.— Some 20.000 skill
ed mechanics in the building trades re
turned to work to-day under the modi
fied plans of the Employers' Association.
The number will be increased to 50,000 by
Wednesday, unions with that member
ship having voted to accept the terms of
the employers, one of the effects of which
Is to do away with walking delegates
and refer all disputes to a joint board of
arbitration. With the mechanics a large
number of laborers returned to work and
operations were resumed by material sup
ply men. *
The United Board of Building Trades
held a long and stormy meeting to-day.
The four unions that accepted the plan
of arbitration by the Building Trades As
sociation and which' placed .their men
back at work to-day were expelled from
New York Board of Building Trades
Expels Four Unions.
MECHANICS RETURN TO WORK.
NEW YORK, July 13.— Another search
for Captain Kidd's treasure has come to
naught and all there Is to show for It
is a big hole in the cellar of a store
house connected with a big coffee mill
In Brooklyn. Rains have filled the exca
vation and the manager of the plant has
stopped the treasure search, in spite of
the fact that Henry Endum, a! eng.'ueer.
is positive that the "spirits" which
caused the search were playing no idle
Joke when they transmitted to him the
information that Captain Kidd had de
posited 550,000.000 worth of loot in the
ground on which the building stands.
Fails to Find Kidd's Treasure.
The warrant officers of the Kearsarge
gave a «moker to-night to the warrant
officers of the British ships.
Admiral Cotton has invited several hun
dred officers and officials with their fami
lies to a reception on board the flagship
to-morrow afternoon.
The chairman of the Town Council' of
Kingstown, Ireland, to-day telegraphed a
cordial invitation to the American squad
ron to visit Kingstown during its visit to
Ireland. Admiral Cotton replied, express-
Ing his warm appreciation of the invita
tion and his deep regret at being unable
to accept it. as the squadron will sail for
Lisbon next Thursday.
The British officers gave a ball to-night
In the naval barracks in honor of the
American visitors. Five hundred persons
were present, including the majority of
the American officers. Consul General
Evans and the Misses Evans, Mrs. *Mc-
Crea, wife of Commander McCrea of the
Machlas; Mrs. Cowie, wife of the pay
master of the Chicago; Miss Cowie and
Mrs. Hodges.
INVITATION FROM: IRELAND.
Not to be outdone In courtesy. Admiral
Beresford took up a position In front of
the British bluejackets forming the royal
escort, who were drawn up on the dock
facing the battleship Kearsarge. Obey
ing a sharp order, the detachment pre
sented arms, while the British band
struggled, with rather poor success,
through the "Star Spangled Banner." As
the escort marched away the Americans
again rendered "God Save the King."
During his Inspection of the Kearsarge
the Prince of Wales evinced a deep In
terest in the superimposed turrets, and,
in response to his request. Captain Hemp
hill conducted him inside the forward
double turret. The Prince stepped to en
ter the lower turret and mounted the
ladder leading to the upper S-lnch guns
turret
"Did the German Emperor do this?"
asked he.
Captain Hemphill replied: "Emperor
William never grot so hieh."
The Prince of Wales asked numerous
questions regarding , the superimposed
turrets, particularly Inquiring how rap
idly the guns could be lowered. Midship
man Belknap, In charge of the forward
turret, ordered a round of ammunition
from the magazine to the 13-inch gun.
The operation was rapidly performed, to
the apparent gratification of the Prince.
"The Prince Is a naval officer and
knows what he is talking about." said
Captain Hemphill.
On the Prince of Wales expressing a
desire to inspect the ship Captain Hemp
hill escorted him along the gun deck of
the superstructure and also below. The
Prince apparently had already some
knowledge nf the Kearsarge, as he was
familiar with her characteristics. At the
conclusion of the Inssection the Prince
complimented Captain Hemphill on the
splendid condition of the battleship.
The departure of the Pfjce of Wales
was marked by the samy ceremony as
on his arrival. He came on deck, accom
panied by Admiral Cotton, and saluted
and shook hands with the admiral and
the officers of the Kearsarge and the
captains of the other American ships. As
the Prince crossed the gangway Lieuten
ant William V. Pratt of the Kearsarge
shouted. "Three cheers for his Royal
Highness the Prince of Wales." The
same cry arose simultaneously on the
other American sniDs and the crews of
the four vessels heartily hurrahed, the
Prtoce standing in the center of a group
of officers with his hand at salute.
As the Prince's train pulled out from
the station the American squadron fired
a royal salute and the bands played "God
Save the King."
BRITISH JACKIES REPLY.
INSPECTS THE KEARSARGE.
toasting the King and the President, the
br.nd in the meantime playing national
airs. .
ST. LOUIS, July 13.— Rather than fail
to respond to roll call at the end of his
two years* furlough. Emll Albrecht, of
Germany, to-day pleaded guilty to a
charge of grand larceny In the Circuit
Court at Clayton and was sentenced to
three years In the penitentiary.
Albrecht was indicted on the charge of
having stolen $108 on April 8 from his
room-mate. According to his statement
he Is the son of an aristocratic family in
Germany and is a student in a German
military academy. He hopes to Tbe par
doned before the time of his furlough
has expired.
Albrecht was captured at Los Angeles,
Cal., and a St. Louis detective sent to
bring him back. At La Junta. Colo., the
prisoner escaped from the train, but the
detective later recaptured him in Den
ver.
German Military Student Is Sent to
Missouri Penitentiary for
Grand Larceny.
HOPES TO BE PARDONED
BEFORE FURLOUGH EXPIRES
RAILROAD MEN
BLAME WRECKERS
C. A. Rutherford i& comparatively un
known among the Sail Francisco passen
ger traffic men representing the various
roads, but his reputation in the middle
West is that he is a clever traffic man, a
fact that he has clearly demonstrated
during his connection with the Rock
Island office in Omaha in the capacity of
general agent. He is succeeded there by
James A. Howard, former passenger
agent of the Rock Island roaU in Kansas
City.
The coming of the new agent Is ac
companied with the usual speculation
among the local agents and clerks as to
what changes will follow the assumption
of duties In the office here by Rutherford.
Reports from Omaha are to the effect
that Rutherford has not intimated there
that he has any intention of making
changes in the personnel of the San Fran.
Cisco agency, but it has been seldom the
case where a new man takes charge of
an office that he does not have some fa
vorite subordinate for whom he Is anx
ious to make room and it is naturally
supposed that Rutherford is no exception
to this rule. If any changes are made it
is the general opinion that. they will be
few and of a minor character.
city to succeed Clinton Jones,
resigned, Is expected here to-morrow and
will Immediately enter upon his new du
ties.
CA. 1 RUTHERFORD of Omaha,
recently appointed to the posi
tion of district passenger agent
3 of the Rock Island road in this
Out of respect to his memory the offices
of the water company will be closed dur
ing the hours of the funeral, which will
take place to-day from St. Ignatius
Church at 10 o'clock. The interment will
be at Holy Cross Cemetery.
The pallbearers will be Herman Schuss
ler, J. McKewen. W. R. Hathaway, T.
M. Pennell, W. Lawrence and P. W.
Ames, his associates In the water com
pany, and C. Rlley andVW. F. Wilson.
has been in the employ of the Spring
Valley Water Works, occupying various
positions of trust, and for several years
he has been the adjuster of its financial
affairs, and was longer In its employ
than any other man.
Early in May he started for the East
with the intention of making a visit to
Europe. He was In the best of health
when he started on his trip, but by the.
time he reached Chicago he had become
very ill. On arrival at the Hoffman
House In New York he was pronounced
to be in a serious condition from effects
of aggravated kidney trouble.
His family Immediately responded to a
telegraphic summons requesting them to
come on at once. They had him taken
to a hospital and all that medical skill
could do was done, but without avail.
He passed quietly away, surrounded by
his family. The body was brought home
to be buried beside that of his wife, who
died some five years ago.
Mr. Quinlan was born In Ireland in
1833. He came to California In 1S52, and
went to the mines In El Dorado and put
In the first water works at PlacervWe.
He then came to San Francisco and went
to work for the company In whose em
ploy he died. He was always a. Repub
lican in politics and took an active In
terest In all prominent affairs of the day.
He was a member of the old Knicker
bocker No. 5 Fire Exempts, th« El Do
rado Society, the Union League and was
an ex-caotaln of Union Gatllng Battery.
He was a personal friend of the late
Senator Broderick. and was present at
the famous Broderick-Terry duel.
During his extended residence here ho
had become the friend of nearly all the
old residents and enjoyed the fullest re
spect and highest esteem of all with
whom he came in contact. He was wide
ly known throughout the city.
He leaves two daughters and one son.
Mrs. M. G. Watson. Mrs. Charles D. De
laney and W. S. Quinlan. all of whom
reside In this cltv.
IN the death of P. B. Quinlan. which
occurred in Xew York last Tuesday,
San Francisco loses an old and hon
ored citizen. For forty-five years he
There were no Fpeechrs after the break
fast, the company merely rising and
After saluting Admiral Cotton and Cap
tain Hemphill the Prince of Wales shook
hands with them, walked aftward. be
ing f>alu1ed by the marine guard. Arriv
ing on the cjartordeck, the Prince sa
luted the other guf-sts and proceeded be
low to the cuarters of the admiral and
captain, whi^h for the occasion were
thrown tojrrthrr the tables being taste
fully <3*<?oratr-<j with flowers. The Prince
eat on Admiral Cotton's right. The other
quests at the Fame tahl* were I»rd Sel
borne, Emba5?ador Choate. Admiral Lord
Kcrr. Field Marshal Lord Roberts, Ad-
Xnlral Sir Charles Hothara, Captain Sir
Archibald Mllm, Vice Admiral Beresfora.
Hear Admiral Henderson . Captain Lamb
don. Rear Admiral Sir Edward Chiches
ter. Henry White, secretary of the United
States embassy: Captain Stockton, the
"United States naval attache, and other
American and British emcers.
With the drums and busrles sounding
four flourishes and in response to a eig-,
r.al from the flagship all of the Ameri
can vessels hoisted the royal standard at
the main mast and fired a salute of twen
ty-one frzns. A? the first gun boomed
all of the ships In the harbor, Including
the royal yacht the Victory, and, the
Channel fleet, lying off Spithead, dressed
*hip.
The deck of the Kearsarge presented
an eventful scene at the time of the
Prince of Waifs' visit. The British union
jack was flyir.e at the main mast and
the whole ship was dressed in rainbow
fashion. Crossing a red Craped gangway,
the Prince, who was accomnanied by
Embassador Choate. the Earl of Sel
borne. First Lord cf the Admiralty, and
others, passed through the line of sailors.
ROYAL STANDARD TJNFURLED.
The Prince was received on the quar
terdeck of the Koarsarge by Admiral Cot
ton and his officers and the party de
scended to the admiral's cabin for break
fast, at which President Roosevelt and
King Edward were toasted. Adrafral Cot
ton subsequently escorted the Prince of
Wales around the ship, after which the
Prince landed, with the warships firing
another royal ssJute, and boarded a train
Icr London.
Rear Admiral Cotton on the flag
ship Kearsaree. All of the ships in the
harbor and the Channel fleet at Spithead
dressed ship, rainbow fashioned, and fired
a royal caiute as the Prince boarded the
American flagship.
PORTSMOUTH, England. July 13.—
The Prince of Wales visited the
United States scjuadron this
morning and breakfasted with
Succeeds Clinton Jones in
the Office of Rock
Island Road.
Oldest Employe of Water
Company Will Be
Buried To- Day.
Son of Edward VII Inspects
American Squadron's
Flagship.
A paper in Nature of May 7 on engineer
ing education should be read In full by
every one Interested. The subject has
been fully treated in reports by English
experts, which are there summarized. The
American schools considered are Cornell,
the Massachusetts Institute of Technol
ogy and the Sheffield School of Yale. The
number of students in civil, mechanical,
electrical and mining courses is:
Tear. Tale. Cornell. M.I.T.
1895-Ofl 20fl 617 337
lSOrt-97 174 62.1 - 3u2
1807-98 1C3 645 35«
1898-9fl 166 686 347
1899-00 162 '' 774 350
1900-01 1G3 844 372
Tables of the sort are given for the Ger
man and Swiss schools, with remarks on
the peculiarities of each system. The fol
lowing comparative table is especially in
teresting. It gives the percentage num
ber of hours' Instruction at Massachusetts
Institute of Technology, Cornell,, the Ber
lin Technical High School and the Zurich
Polytechnlcum that are devoted to each
group of studies:
Study. M.I.T. Corn. Berlin. Zurich.
Mathematics S 5 14.5 10.2
Physics B R 6.8 6.0
Chemistry 7 7 1.7 3.0
Applied mechanics. 7 10 22.5 19..%
Mechanism 4 — 8.0 —
Stoara engine; ther
modynamics 6 6 4.1 8.0
Mechanical, etc.,
drawing 26 20 31.0 SO. 3
Electrical englneer
; ing. 2 2 3.4 5.0
Commercial subjects 2 — 8.0 —
Workshop practice.. 14 30 ¦ — —
French p — — —
German 3 3 — —
English 5 — — —
Engineering labora
tory 5 9 ? ?
100 100 100 100
Approximate hours.8000 300O 4000 4000
Course in vears.... 4 4 3 3
Marked differences In theories of train
ing Is evidenced in these curricula. The
American courses are more practical In
character and require more laboratory j
training than is even recommended in the ;
German plan, and they devote a large :
proportion of the time to teaching, skill
In handicraft. They give much less time
to mathematics, and perhaps there may i
be a loss of power In mature life on this
account, though It Is certain that immedl- j
ate and practical ends are gained by the \
American programme. The whole paper
is full of Interest.
Comparison of American Schools
With Those of Germany and
Switzerland.
ITEMS OF INTEREST ON
ENGINEERING EDUCATION
RECENTLY APPOINTED ROCK
ISLAND DISTRICT PASSEN
GER AGENT IN THIS CITY.
WELL-KNOWN^ CITIZEN OF
THIS CITY WHO DIED IN
NEW YORK.
ROYAL GUEST WHO WAS EN
TERTAINED ABOARD THE
KEARSARGE.
It has been learned that the traction
lines will be operated by a separate cor
poration from the other Huntington com
panies, but that Huntington will dictate
the policy of all the companies, Harriman
simply participating in the profits and
busying himself only with his steam lines.
Thus a street railway trust will be
formed here, for no corporation is power
ful enough to combat such a combination.
ihe price for the traction lines does not
Include the $100,000 paid by Harriman for
an option and a second $100,006 for an ex
tension of that option and the total price
paid is therefore about tl,730,000.
It was stated In The Call about that
time that the new deal meant a combina
tion of the Huntington and Harriman in
terests and to-day's purchase of the trac
tion company's roads confirms that state
ment. I
LOS ANGELES, July 13.— All doubt as
to the intention of E. H. Harriman to
Join interests with Henry E. Huntington
in securing absolute control of the electric
railways in this part of the State and
particularly In Los Angeles County was
removed to-day when the sum of $1,550,
000"was~depoEited"in~aT local" bank~to" the
credit of the Hook family for the trans
fer of the property of the Los Angeles
traction system, the only line in the
county which competes with the Hunt
ington system..
The money came from the Southern
Pacific and although the Hooks will re
tain the management of the traction
lines for a short time, the terms of the
deal are such that the control will ulti
mately pass to Huntington.
In return for this Harriman or his rep
resentatives will acquire an interest in
the other electric railway corporations
now controlled exclusively by Huntington.
and Senator W. A. Clark, who essayed to
enter the local street railway and inter
urban field, will not be a factor in the
control of the properties.
Three months ago Harriman and Sena
tor Clark Joined forces to compete with
Huntington, secured an option -on the
traction company's property "and in direct
competition secured some valuable fran
chises from the City Council, one of
which cost them J110.0W. Huntington
then sent in his resignation as vice presi
dent of the Southern Pacific, but before
it was acted upon he went to San Fran
cisco and held a personal conference with
Harriman. the result of which was the
declaration «f a truce.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Corporal Seidensticker of Troop M was
fatally wounded in the groin and Trum
peter Davis, also of Troop M, was shot
through both thighs. \
The men who did the shooting are un
known at present. One hundred shots
were fired and a house wrecked. About
fifty men are implicated. It is said that
many troopers were injured.
A terrible fight occurred last night be
tween the men of I and M Troops on one
side and E Troop on the other, all of the
Fourteenth United States Cavalry, at Bo
nita, three miles from Fort Grant. Re
volvers, carbines, knives and slungshots
were used.
TUCSON, Ariz., July 13.— A special to the
Star from WIllcox, Ariz., says:
Traction Roads of Los Angeles Are to
Be Operated Under a Name
Different From That
of Syndicate.
Corporal Receives a Fatal Wound,
Trumpeter Is Shot Through the
Thighs and Many Men
Are Injured. \ »
Knives and Carbines Used
to Settle Quarrel in
Arizona.
Huntington Ultimately Will
Control AIL Lines in ,
the South.
In Connecticut and in Delaware Smith's
Jurisdiction .has been extended to the
plants within those States. It does not
necessarily follow that the California pe
tition will be similar. It is possible that
it will be for a separate receiver.
Receiver Smith's attorneys made appli
cation for an ancillary -ecelvershlp In
Delaware on Saturday. This Is not an
unusual proceeding and Is proper in this
case, especially because of the fact that
the Delaware plant needed and had to
have financial aid. It is probable that
the Maine plant is In the same financial
tangle and that a receiver is needed to
keep It going. The San Francisco plant
is the best fixed financially. buMt Is like
ly that an application will be made ere
long, unless some reorganization plan is
adopted.
Lawyer Untermeyer of Smith's counsel
denies that the Maine court refused to
appoint a receiver. Receivers have, in
fact, been appointed in Delaware and
Connecticut. He says Judge Putnam de
cided only that he would require notice
of application to be given as customary.
Judge Putnam will hear the application
to-morrow.
WILMINGTON, Del.. July 13.— In the
United States Circuit Court to-day James
Smith Jr. of Newark, N. J., took the nec
essary oath before Judge Bradford, as re
ceiver, of the United States Shipbuilding
Company for the District of Delaware
and cave bonds in the sum of $50,000. the
American Surety Company of New York
being on the bond. Smith at once as
sumed his duties as receiver of the local
plant, formerly the establishment of the
Harlan & Holllngsworth Company. The
receivership, it i« said, will make no dif
ference with respect to the affairs of the
Harlan & Hollingsworth Company, which
will be oDerated as heretofore.
"Well, we do not know yet," the re
ceiver replied. "Even the lawyers seem
in doubt about that.''
In order to get Into control of the prop
erties the receiver had terminated these
leases. The order, the receiver said, did
not include the Bethlehem Steel plant.
"The Bethlehem Steel Company does
not stand on a par with the other sub
sidiary companies?" -was asked of the re
ceiver.
NEW YORK, July 13.— A long confer
ence between Receiver Smith and counsel
was held at the offices of. the United
States Shipbuilding Company. The con
ference, the receiver said, was one of
many which have been held lately In re
gard to the legal phases of the receiver
ship. He said that he had signed an order
terminating the leases of the subsidiary
shipbuilding plants. In the organization
of th« United States Shipbuilding Com
pany, he said, the properties of the sub
sidiary shipbuilding companies were ac
quired and then leased back to the sub
sidiary companies for one year, with a
proviso by which the leases might be
terminated at five days' notice by" the pa
rent company. The properties were leased
upon a rental to consist of the earnings
of the plants.
The appointment of General Oliver, it
can be* said, is r <iulte to Sen
ators Platt and Dep"ew, who were con
sulted regarding it.
General Oliver served in the Civil War
as a volunteer officer and subsequently
as an officer of the regular army estab
lishment. In both the infantry and cav
alry branches. For many years he has
been Identified with the National Guard
of New York, and now is a brigadier gen
eral in command of the brigade whose
headquarters are at Albany. General Oli
ver is engaged in the iron business and
is quite as prominent in commercial cir
cles as he is in military affairs.
In connection with the consideration of
appointments, it can be said that the
President has not thought seriously of
naming Charles S. Francis of Troy, N. Y.,
as Embassador to Italy, because, so far
as the President is aware, Embassador
Meyer has no Intention of resigning that
post. The rumor, it is said, is on all
fours with that which indicated that Em
bassador McCormick was to retire from
St. Petersburg, to be succeeded by Mayor
Low of New York.
The appointment of Oliver has been in
contemplation for some time, as It has
been known that Secretary Sanger de
sired to retire. His resignation was
placed in the hands of the President to
be accepted as soon as convenient.
It has not been decided definitely when
General Oliver will assume his new of
fice, but as Colonel Sanger desires to re
linquish his duties as soon as possible
the probabilities are that General Oliver
will undertake the duties of the office as
soon as he can arrange his business af
fairs.
OYSTER BAT.'l, I., July 13.— At the
conference to-day between President
Roosevelt and Secretary Root It was de
cided to appoint Robert Shaw Oliver of
Albany to be Assistant Secretary of War,
vice William Gary Sanger, resigned. San
ger has decided to retire on account of
the 111 health of his wife.
Illness of tlje letter's Wife
Causes His Voluntary
Retirement.
Troopers of the Four
teenth Regiment Have
a Battle.
Status of Bethlehem Steel
Company Puzzles Even
the Lawyer3.
Southern Pacific Money
Used for Los An
geles Deal.
First Move by the Ship
yards Trust's New
Manager.
Robert Shaw Oliver to
Succeed William
C. Sanger.
CAVALRYMEN
VICTIMS IN
FIERCE FIGHT
HARRIMAN'S
HAND SHOWS
IN PURCHASE
NEW ASSISTANT
WAR SECRETARY
RECEIVER SMITH
CANCELS LEASES
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 14, 1903.
DISTRICT AGENT
RUTHERFORD DUE
HERE TO-MORROW
P. B. QUINLAN
PASSES AWAY
IN NEW YORK
PRINCE OF WALES
A GUEST ABOARD
THE KEARSARGE
3
DR. PIEBCE'S REMEDIES.
motherhood," says the doctor. Some-
times he qualifies the statement, and
eays: "Impossible without an opexm-
| Hon.* Yet both these "impossibles"
! have bees made possibles by the toe
' of Dr. Pieice's Favorite Pre-
scription. Many times the J&Sb*.
hindrances to mother-
hood are to be found in .JfijflK^^Hfr
womanly diseases or JH| 3^ tBI
weaknesses, which j^Spvf L *^ffla JB
are perfectly and U
. vonte x*re- '^fiKSiJgJHBk^^— *r M&
xneui- S l^r c^ a °
jPSaffi^gSer $ t^ for
{%!*v/ 1 inflammation and
r^ «7''^j|SS»ffir ulcer at ion, and
Raj&^j >«»8r cures female weak-
gj^r i m&r ness. It makes weak
E» rar women strong zed sick
Hf \ j women well.
Iff ) I "I wish to add toy testimony
F S *° hundred* of others as to the
¦ value of Dr. Piercc's medicines,"
writes Mrs. Ida M. De Ford, of Latena. Babbard
I Co., Minn. "Have doctored with a great many
?physicians— some specialists ; have twice been
in a hospital for treatment. My case has heeu
regarded as a hopeless one. and ther knew not
what the trouble was. Heart was b*d; stomach
all oat of order; tired oat; aetre pains to all
parts of the body ; siskin? spells, aad nearly
every aUxnent a woman could hare. > took
many a bottle of * patent medicines' without
effect Jbcjan taking Dr. Werce'sFfcTorite *re-
¦cription, and ten month* afterward X jtvs
With to a ten-pound boy. A'd Mnwaw had
ttatid as a jfcet that I nevtr ttmkt bear a thOd.
Both the baby and myself were strong-, and I
got alone splendidly— thank* to your medicine.'
The Com"i"" Sense Medical Adviser,
1008 large pages, in paper covers, a sent
free on receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to
pay expense of mailing only. Address.
Sr. R. V. Pierce, Bufialo, N. V
ADVERTTSEMZ3JTS.
KELLER'S
HALF PRICE SALE.
' { li
1 'II
Men's Underwear
At Half Price.
Bach un<3ersarm^nt« a» th««» trer«
Dawer before offered .at «uch price, re-
durtiorm In this dtjr. It'* a bargain
that w> may never be able to offer -
«irain.
Thif un<J*r*ear always pold hereto-
fore at not less than {2.00 per gar-
ment.
Fine fancy worsted, medium weight.
«Jerbjr r-.bbM. form-flttlnK. full-farh-
)T)»'5. with largo pir.k Firijv'". SRjKgil
Sale price, £ , (\r\
per garment, 4> 1 •W
I02S-108«» MARKET STREET.
Ran P"rancl8oo.
11S7-11S3 WAFHLNGTOS STREET.
Oakland.
You are glad you have found
them out— Schilling's Best—
and your grocer is glad.More machinery to • facilitate ¦ quick,
good printing just Installed;- Business
cards, -invitations, pamphlets all printed
at the right prices. Let us quote you
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market ot. •
A Prosperous Printery.
BAN JOSK. July 13.— Mr*. Marie L. Good
rich, on behalf of herself and two minor chil
dren, began suit against the San Jose and
Santa Clara Railroad to recover S50.000 dam
ages for. the lost of her husband, who was
killed in an accident at Alum Rock Park June
C while a passenger in one of defendant's can.
MARSEILLES, July 13.— The mall from
Haiphong brings. news of a terrible, cy
clone in . the . French possession' of .Ton
quin, June 8. One hundred and fllty na
tives were killed and many villages laid
In ruins. ¦ -• • . ¦ ; • >.
Natives Are Killed , by a Cyclone.
• Bevolutionists Accused of Murder.
VIENNA, July 13.— It Is reported from
Kieff, Russia, that the police have ar
rested two members, named Wieropotoff
and Gerschunt, of the executive commit
tee of the revolutionary society concerned
in the murder of the Russian Minister of
the Interior, M. Sipiaguinc, who 1 was as
eapslnated at the Ministry April 16, 1302,
by a student, and of M. Bogdanovitch,
Governor of Ufa, who was killed by two
unknown men in a public park at Ufa lam
May. .
HONOLULU, July 6.— Professor J. H.
Ammo, a noted violinist, died suddenly
of ptomaine poisoning, due to eating can
ned sardines. Prior to coming; to Hono
lulu he was concertmeister of the Cleve
land (Ohio) philharmonic" orchestra. He
was. 56 years of age and a member of
the Masonic fraternity.
Noted Violinist Dies of Poisoning.
HONOLULU, July % 6.— The breaking of
the first sod, for, the Kohala-IIilo Rail
road took place on July 4 at HUo, ar
rangements . having been made in San
Francisco by Phillip Peck for financing
the building. ¦ German capitalists will
take the entire bond issue of.' $3,000,000 as
soon as the road is completed to Ha
kaiau, so that funds are In sight for con
structing the road to Kawalkae or Ma
hukona. t: f: .i*'?pH i ''r*''
Break Ground for New Railroad.
OTTAWA, Ont., July 13.— Hon. A. G.
Blair, Minister of Railways, has resigned
his position in the Cabinet. Efforts were
made to-night to get a statement from
Blair, but he refused to be interviewed.
The difficulty between himself and his
colleagues appears to have arisen over
the Eastern section of the Grand Trunk
proposition. Blair has been opposed to
the extension to'Mocton, as he said that
would be paralleling the Government line.
No' official statement is obtainable and
it is not likely that there will be any
until such time as the Premier makes one
to Parliament and Blair will reply.
Retires From Cabinet Because of a
Disagreement Over the Grand
Trunk Proposition.
CANADIAN MINISTER
OF RAILWAYS RESIGNS
NEW YORK, July 13.— Frank Pilcu, for
sixteen years New York manager for the
Wardlow Steel Company of Sheffield,
England, was to-day arrested on two In
dictments charging grand larceny, and
subsequently released in $5000 ball. Mar
maduke Wardlow of the firm came to this
country last April to look into the com
pany's affairs. He found Pllcu had disap
peared a day or two before his arrival and
the books with him. The books were
found later, and, lt Is said, showed a
shortage of more than $70,000. Through
counsel ; Pllcu offered to return and pay
up the alleged shortage, in order to avoid
arrest.
Wanted by Sheffield Police.
HONOLULU. July 6.— Charles R. Bish
op, vice president of the Hank or Cali
fornia, has donated $50,000 to Oahu Col
lege. Mr. Bishop used to be head of the
Honolulu bankir.g-house of Eishop, & Co.
and has made many donations to public
institutions here.
Donates 850,000 to Oahu College.
HONOLULU, July 6.— Emil Fetter com.
mined euiclde by shooting himself
through the temple July 4. Fetter was
despondent at not being able to get work
at his trade of a tinsmiin, and deafness
prevented him from securing employment
at any other occupation. He had recent
ly consulted specialists in San Francisco
to have the defect In his ears cured, but
was told that It was impossible. He re
turned here and was living with his Bister
and brother-in-law, Captain Paul Smith,
at whose house the deed was committed.
Emil Fetter Commits Suicide at Hon
olulu Because Deafness Prevented "
Him Getting Employment.
DESPONDENT TINSMITH
BLOWS OUT HIS BRAINS
SAN JOSE. July 13.— Charles A. Tup
¦per. city editor of the Evening- News and
a prominent worker 5n the Prohibition
rank?, died to-day of pneumonia. He
¦was 45 years of age and leaves a wife
ar,d three children.
San Jose Editor Dead.
WOODLAND. July 13.— The apricot sea
son is over and the output of the Wood
land cannery is about 200,000 cans. That
represents about half of the apricot crop
of the county. The run on peaches will
not begin before the £7th and the cannery
will be shut down until that time.
TACOMA. Wash.. July 13.— Judge de
Haven of the United States Circuit Court
to-day denied the application of George
Roberts for a writ of habeas corpus and
he will leave to-night for San Francisco
to answer the charge cf grand larceny.
He has fought extradition and had five
writs of habeas corpus.
. e
Apricots in Yolo County
Prisoner Fails in Courts,
At Rostrever, County Down, there were
1S00 police and soldiers in the. town and
vicinity, which gave the place the ap
pearance of being in a state of siege.
BELFAST, Ireland, July 13.— The - Or
angemen to-day engaged in their annual
celebration of July 12 in their customary
way. About 100,000 men participated in
the celebration here. While the Orange
men were returning from the demonstra
tion they were attacked by Nationalists
and a serious riot ensued. There wu an
exchange of missiles, many windows were
broken and a number of policemen and
civilians injured. Reinforcements of po
lice restored order. Similar rioting oc
curred at Carrlck Hill.
Attack Orangemen After a Parade in
Belfast and Several Persons
Are Injured.
IRISH NATIONALISTS.
PRECIPITATE A RIOT
HAVANA, July 13.— President Palma
has sent a 'message to Congress recom
mending the appointment of a member
of each house to net with an appointee
of the ; executive commissioners to pro
ceed to the United States and negotiate
a $35,000,600 loan. Th.e Senate held an ex
tended -session this'-- evening, but did not
reach the matter • of the : ratification of
the United States naval stations treaty.
Cuba Wants to Negotiate a Loan.
Fourth-class postmaster appointed — Califor
nia: H. V. Wripht. Hoaglln, Trinity County,
vice D. W. Ofbom. resigned.
Army orders — Captain Champec McCul
louKh Jr., assistant surgeon, now at San Fran
cisco, to proofed to New York City. Contract
IVntal Funteon William <5. Hammond, now at
t>an Fraacltco. is asptgned to duty in the De
partment of California. Lieutenant Charl»>fi A.
Williams, inspector general, now at San Fran
clf-ro, in ordered to return to this city, thence
to St. I'aul. Minn.
WASHINGTON. Ju'.y 13.— Postoffice estab
l^hfd — Washington: Myrtle, Clallara County,
M. E. E. Poilow. x<ostma»ter. I'oetoffice to be
discontinued July 31 — Washington: LIttell.
JLewis County, mail goes to Chehalls. Poet
mast^rs commissioned : California — George H.
liua<=<~n. Po'iasky. Washington: Howard Love
joy. Km- land.
Of Interest to People of the Coast.
LONDON, July 14.— The Times corre
spondent at Hongkong in a dispatch re
ferring •'; to Collector Schuster's decision
that no foreigners under contract can be
allowed into the Philippine Islands says
this interpretation of the United States
immigration law menaces all the foreign
business houses and banks, which are
chiefly British.' The British firms con
strue the decision as an attempt to drive
them from the Islands in order that Amer
icans rqay secure the trade. <
Believe That Americans Intend to
/; y Drive Them From Philip
:: '¦¦- pine Islands.
FOREIGN BUSINESS HOUSES
• CLAIM LAW MENACES THEM
In the confession Fischer further dis
closed many sensational facts of his
eventful life. He claimed he had been a
criminal since birth and had often robbed
his employers, as well as perpetrated
other crimes, for which he had been pun
ished. He asserted that he had no. desire
to kill his wife until she suggested the
operation. As soon as she became uncon
scious, he said, the insane desire to do
away with her was paramount In his
mind, while the greed for gold made the
desire ungovernable. He thought he could
burn the body and thus leave no trace,
and then collect the Insurance on her life.
Soon Rfter his confession he was sen
tenced to be hanged within sixty days,
the minimum limit. Thus it fell on a
Tuesday. Fischer arrived at San Quen
tin on May 1 and since that time until
Friday has occupied condemned cell No.
4. Friday afternoon he was taken into the
death chamber and J. Connell and F.
Abrogast were appointed as death watch.
Since his Incarceration in San Quentin,
and particularly since being placed In the
room adjacent to the scaffold chamber,
he has been very uncommunicative and
would allow no one to interview him.
SACRAMENTO. July 13.-Governor Par
dee arrived In Sacramento to-night and
took up the case of Fischer, the River
side wife murderer now at San Quentin.
sentenced to be hanged, in whose behalf
the Rev. Dwight E. Potter of Oakland
made intercession. The Governor Bent a
mtspage to the Rev. Mr. Potter that after
examining the papers and carefully con
sidering the caee he could see no Buf
flcient reason for , exercising executive
clemency.
confessed and the course of the
law is not likely to be interrupted. Not
one of them has been , in the condemned
cell longer than four months.
Frederick C. Fischer from Riverside, W.
R. Howard,, a negro from Santa Clara,
and Ung Ting Bow from Kings County
are the men who will go to the gallows.
Fischer will be executed to-morrow morn
ing at 10:30 o'clock; the Chinese will die
three days later, and the negro will fol
low in one week. Fischer will be the
firft man ever executed in California on
a Tuesday. Many years ago there was a
hanging at San Quentin on a day other
than Friday, and to-morrow will be the
second occasion of that kind.
Frederick C. Fischer killed his wife on
April 23, 1>J3, in Riverside. The crime
created great excitement in the Southern
California town and the officers there had
great difficulty In keeping the culprit out
of the hands of a mob. The young wife
had a sore eyelid and the husband sug
gested that she inhale chloroform in or
der to undergo an operation. She con
sented and soon became insensible. Pre
viously Fischer had had his wife's life
Insured for $1000. While phe waa uncon
scious he poured oil on her body and at
tempted to destroy it by setting fire to
the building. The evidence against the
man was slight when he was arrested
upon suspicion, but after several nights
in Jail he 6ent for the Sheriff and con
fessed. He told minutely how he had
done the deed and declared that he wish
ed to be punished for his act without de
lay.
SAN RAFAEL, July 13.— Within the
next ten days three murderers
will receive the death penalty in
San Quentln prison. Each has
Special Dispatch to The Call
Slayer of a Young -Wife at
Riverside to Pay the
Penalty To- Day.
HONOLULU, July 6.— But for the -action
of United States Judge. Estee the Fourth
of July would have passed without any
celebration except a small parade on the
part of the Federal soldiers and National
Guard of Hawaii. With their usual In
difference to events " of national impor
tance, the citizens of Honolulu decided
not to have any celebration on the Fourth ;
but Judge Estee decided that there should
at least be some recognition of the an-;
nlversary of American independence.
That there are some patriots In the city
who onjy wanted an opportunity to show
their Americanism was evident from the
crowded condition of Judge Estee's court
room when court was opened by the bail
iff In the usual manner. The Justices
of the Supreme Court were seated on
the bench with Judge Estee, Federal offi
cials filled the jury uox and a section of
the court was ret apart' for ladles.
Judge Estee called upon Attorney Cath
cart to read the Declaration of Independ
ence. Remarks were then made by Gov
ernor Dole, several Federal officials, at
torneys and other citizens whom the Judge
selected from among his visitors. The
court was prettily decorated, and- the
Judge has the thanks of the community
for preventing the day from passing with
out some appropriate recognition. . ....
Through His- Efforts Citizens of Hon
olulu Commemorate Anniversary .
of American Independence.
JUDGE ESTEE JMIBANGES ...... .] r -
A PATRIOTIC CELEBRATION
WIFE-MURDERER FREDER
ICK FISCHER. WHO WIL.L. BE
HANGED TO-DAY.
Does Not Believe There Is AnjDan
! ger "off the i Old Liner's Captur- \
. • .ing. National Convention. , \ ;
Milwaukee; ;\vi8., July 13-w. j.
Bryan was Interview here to-day as to
the Cleveland -movement. Mr. Bryan said :
. '.'It fs a comedy as It now, stands, but
a; tragedy if It should succeed."
IBryah declared that all he desired to
Bie was the nomination by the Demo
cratic party of some one .who would
stand for Democratic principles. •
"B-y-. Democratic principles," said. he,_'-'I.
mean the principles enunciated at th^
Kansas 'City convention, the last oppor^
tiinlty the party had to declare the* prin
ciples pn, which lt starids." ,- -
'; Asked' if.' he believed there was anjj
danger of- the -old line or Cleveland-Dem
ocrats, capturing the next Democratic
convention, said: • . ,
"I do not think such a thing Is a prob
ability.-" If there waa such a probability,
danger" would be the right word' to use
In connection with the results It would
work to the Democratic party."
BEYAN SAYS CLEVELAND ;
I '< : • MOVEMENT IS A COMEDY
"The command has been obeyed," the
preacher remarked, "and the various
branches are woven together into the
same booth. Putting on the prophet's
mantle, 1 declare that in the next few
years we are to see a great change in
church organisation and methods. The
denominational br«mchea are to be woven
together into the same booth. The church
will no longer trail In the waie of secular
enterprise. Combinations, trusts and
economy of resources are in the air, and
the church must combine. When it Is
sought to evangelize a city, how foolish it
is to build a half-dozen edifices of wor
ship in the central blocks. The ideal way
to evHngellze and to furnish church facili
ties for a city of this population would be
for all denominations to Join forces in
one organization, build a central audito
rium that will seat 5000 or 6000 people,
then distribute chapels and prayer meet
ir.gs and Sunday-schools in the outlying
districts. Three ministers, with a corps
of deaconesses for visiting work, would
be euSlcient- There would be fewer ser
mons to preach, hence more time to pre
pare, and a larger crowd of listeners,
ber.ee more Inspiration to stimulate de
livery.
"Among the ministers let there be im
mersicnists and asperskmists, so that all
who unite may have their choice. At
communion let there be two vestries, one
who commune with those immersed and
one for those who hold that baptism is
not prerequisite— one man as good as an
otber if baptized with thimbleful or bar
relful. Under such regime the church
would have a marvelous effect on the
world. Thousands to whom it is now a
sealed book would be led to follow the
crowd. Church unity will ba the glory
of the coming age."
SAXTA ROSA. July 13.— A Santa Rosa
minister, the Rev. W. Lt. Gaston, pastor
of the First Baptist Church of this city.
the edlflce that has gained considerable
fame as the church built entirely of one
tree, preached a sermon Sunday morning
In which he advocated the combination
of churches and religious movements
similar to the combinations in commercial
business. He prophesied that In the next
few years the trusts would embrace one
of religion. He took for bis text the fol
lowing:
"Go forth unto the mount and fetch
o!!ve branches, and pine branches, and
myrtle branches, and palm branches, and
branches of thick trees to make booths.—
Nehemlah vlli:15."
Special Dtepaich to Tim Call.
The closing session. was held this even-.
Ing. Dr. C. F. Reid ¦ of Korea delivered
an address on "The Eastern Question and
Its Relation, to the Christian Mlssiona-.
rles."
Harvey. L. Birchell, president of the San
Francisco district, delivered an ' address
on "How to Promote Closer Connection,"
and J, Burks of Oakland upoke on "Busi
ness Methods in.. League Work."" A. C.
Read led in the discussion that followed.
Others who took part., were Judge E. N.
Rector, president of the San Joaquln dis
trict, and C. R. Wicks.; president of the
Colusa district. . ,-¦¦•. , . . : .
The subject' was brought up In a. paper
written by Li J. Shuman of Oakland,"
which was read -by the Rev. J. C^Wooten
of that city. -He argued for a northern
and southern State convention", holding
that the distance is; so -great there Is
much waste of 'money and time in attend
ing the State conventions, and pointed
out that ¦¦ the delegations always are
smaller than .they .would be If it were not
necessary to. -travel so far. Many of the
members, are students in the high schools
and colleges and these are "unable to leave
their books' long "" enough to make long
Journeys across the State. : -
.LOS > ANGELES, July $. 13.— The State
convention of f the.Epworth League of the
Methodist Episcopal-Church- South con
tinued its sessions to-day.. The question
of State' division took up most of the time
at the morning' session. .
: SEATTLE. VVVaah., July 13.— John An
derson, a naturalized "citizen, petitioned
the Superior Court to-day -to change his
name. He otated that he la a son of
Frederick VII ; of* Denmark. He has been
known as John Anderson tor a number of
;years, but avers that hlir proper name Is
Karl Christian Frederick Vaocen . Tuer-
Jdenejuld. .' " , <• ¦ ..,'¦; '.: .
f He waa '. born; In* 1844 on the estate of
Kraprup, in : the state of Sea mlla, Sweden,
and came to thlj country when he was a
young man,: r He went Into the United
States, navy and states that In the Civil
War he served as commander under tho
name of Karl C. .Vaacen. . ~
Interesting Papers Are Read
at a Session in Los
Angeles.
John Anderson Declares He
Is the Eon of a Former
; ! . •.:¦>>.¦¦•;¦;. kixig."':-.': : X,- \
The Denominations, He Says,
Should Assemble for
Advancement.
Santa Rosa Clergyman
Speaks for Religious
Unity.
Seattle Dane Desires a
Change in His Exten
sive Name.
State Division Question
Interests Ep worth
League.
CLAIMS KINDRED
WITH ROYALTY
PASTOR URGES
CHURCH COMBINE
MINISTERS WANT
TWO CONVENTIONS
- - ¦ ¦..-.-¦> . * ¦ ¦ . • . . ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, JtTLY 14, 1903.
GALLOWS ROPE
WILL END LIVES
OF MURDERERS
4
ADVZKTISEMZNT5.
Years of Severe
Heart Trouble.
Obtained No Relief
Until I Tried
Dr. Miles* Heart Cure-
It Cured Me.
Since the advent of Dr. Miles' Heart Care
the general public has learned to know that
heart disease ii csnible. Fluttering, palpi-
tation, shortness of breath and heart pains
-rapiciy disappear before its magic influence.
It is onequalled as a heart and blood tonic
"My case was' one of Ion; standing. As
early in life as my thirty-sixth year, or more
particuJarijr November, 1863, when returning
Lome from a jocrorr, I was taken with a se-
vere congestive chill, which caused my whole
frame to shake, aad which a noted physician
pronotnred a ca&e of severe congestion of the
heart. From that time on for thirty years I
gradually became enfeebled in health, until
1892, ray sufferings became intense from
shortness of breath and palpitation of the
heart, I coald obtain no permanent relief,
although I spent much money in procuring
medical advice, until I took several bottles 1
of Dr. Miles 1 New Cure for the Heart I
continued the remedy until my health was
restored, and always keep a supply on hand
for any emergency. I am now past Jo years
of age and weira 176 pounds. 1 hare also
used Dr. Miles' Nerve and Liver Pills, Anti-
Pain Pills and Nerve Plasters with good re-
sults. The Anti-Pain Pills proved most
effective in a most paintul attack of neu-
ralgia, and also for sciatica. It is my exper-
ience that the remedies can be relied upon
absolutely crcrj time they are properly
osed."— W. G. Bowers, Beaver City, Utah.
All druggists sell and guarantee first bot-
tle Dr. Miles' Remedies. Send for free book
on Nervous and Heart Diseases. Address
Dr. Miles Medical Co, Elklwrt, lad.
n #X A r% /"» f\ H OT SPRINGS, SONOMA
SK J&liNS COUNTY; only 4% hours
Wfl/i \J\J\J from San Francisco and
but 9 miles staging; wa-
ters noted for m«^llcinal virtues; best natural
hot mineral water bath in State; boating and
swimming In Warm Springs Creek; good trout
streams; telephone, telegraph, dally mall, .ex-
press and San Francisco morning and evening
japers; KIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE
SERVICE; both morning and afternoon stages;
round trip from San Francisco only $5 50. Take
Tiburon ferry at 7:30. a. m. and 2:30 p. m.
Rates $2 a day or $12 a week. References, any
guest of the past eight years. Patronage of
1002 unprecedented. Information at Peck's In-
formation Bureau, 11 Montgomery st. ; also at
Traveler office. MO Market st.. or of J. F.
MULGKEW, Skaggs. Cal.
NO RESORT
I In California equals Yogemlte for real beauty
j of scenery. Low camping rates bring it within
the graap of everybody. / Trout are biting now
1 and you can have a trout breakfast every day at
CAMP CURRY.
.Learn about lt at 11 Montgomery street
I (PECK'S BUREAU) or 641 Market street (THE
; SANTA FE OFFICE). ¦
AGIA CALIENTE SPRINGS.
Open all year round. The nearest natural
Hot Sulphur - Springs to San Francisco.
Temperature j 115 degrees. No staging. Fare
$1 10. Sure cure for rheumatism, asthma and
all kindred aliments. We have five different
hot sulphur springs and tub and plunge baths
and the largest mineral water swimming tank
in the State. Competent lady and gentleman
masseurs In attendance; also swimming In-
structor. Table and rooms first class. Inquire
Peck's, 11 Montgomery St.. or address Theo.
Richards, Agua Caliente, Sonoma County, Cal.
C AM f* VACATION.
A hotel under canvas. Situated near Guerne-
ville, with a mile and a half frontage on the
Russian River. Tents In a beautiful grove of
redwood, cak, madrone, laurel and other trees.
A lovely valley of 150 acres. Boating, bathing
and fishing'. Terms $10 per week. Railroad
fare, round trip from San Francisco, '$2 CO.
Take . beat at Tiburon ferry. Address MRS.
L. C. CNOPIUS. Camp Vacation, near Guerne-
vllle, Sonoma County. Cal.
Seigler Hot Springs.
Natural hot baths, wonderful stomach waters,
swimming pond, games, livery; $9 to $14 per
week. Booklets at Peck's ¦ 11 Montgomery st..
or H. H. McQOWAN. Seigler. Lake Co.. Cal.
Campbell Hot Springs.
10. hours' rail to Boca; stags for springs con-
nects 6 p. m. train from city; round trip. In-
cluding stage. $14 BO. good for season. Rates,
$10 per week. . - ... .
NORTHf Ol » T° niaI «» Bay. oe*r depot, a
_-.^.__) nice hotel. Good table. Place
onUKtt for Tomales Bay Clams. Fresh
HnTPI / nil*. $1 M Per $» per week.
HU I tl* { Mri shields. Marshall. Marln Co.
OCEAN VILLA.
¦ • - 8ANTA CRUZ.
Large grounds. Boating and bathing free.
Dancing, billiards. Free , bus. R. M. . CLARK.
BO NNIE N OO IC
Alt. 4000 ft.; half ml. ata.; cottages, tents,
boating, bowling, elect, lights. H. D. WIARD.
Towle. Placer County. Cal. " > '.
TIFF!) PkDU IMV aDd cottages; 6 ml. from
HECK rAKrV IN R Lake Tahoe; oten June
1 : elev. 6607 ft. ; mineral spgs. Traveler, two
Mkt St.; booklet. J..B.- Scott. Deer Park. Cal.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM
Hydrotherapy,' electricity,'. X-ray, massage, eta.
Modern. Ideally located. Send for literature.
fflGH AND DRY, |
IPASOROBLES
1 HOT SPRINGS |
INVIGORATING- ATMOSPHERE.
• SPARKLING "WATERS.
MEDICINAL BATHS
Invite you to
REST. RECREATION, RECCTPER-
Write:
W. A. JUNKER,
Lessee and Manager.
Paso Robles, Cal..
Or call on
THOS. COOK & BON.
625 Market street, San Francisco,
Information Bureau,
Southern Pacific.
613 Market street.
PAP.AISO SPRINGS
MOXTEBEY COUflTX. CAi.
The leading Summer Resort of the
Pacific Coast. Hot Soda and Sulphur
Baths, large Swimming Tank, first-class
table. Send for beautiful illustrated
booklet and rates to F. W. Schroeder,
Manager, or San Francisco Agent, n
Montgomery street.
Spiers Springs
V ; LAKE COUNTY.
Wonderful curative properties for all disor-
ders of the stomach. Alto a positive enr« for
liver and kidney troubles. New hotel aad cot-
tare- $10 to $14 per week. Beat trout flsbtns
In Lake County. Round-trip ticket. 8. P. of-
fice $8 For particular! call at Peck's Bureau.
11 "Montroroery «t.. or addresa JOSHUA
SPIERS. Prep.: mail Tla Mlddletown.
Hotel Rowardennan.
BEN LOMOND. SANTA CRUZ COUNTY.
. ALWAYS OPEN.
Regular season opens June 1. under entirely
new and progressive management. For lnfor-
matlon and free booklet apply Peck's Bureau.
11 Montgomery street: the Railway Handbook.
630 Market street. San FVanciseo. or to
H. F. ANDERSON. Proprietor.
A. C. ROSCOE. Manager. - - r
SAN LUIS HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
' THE IDEAL SPOT OF THE PACIFIC
COAST. Surrounded by wood-covered hUls.
.live cak and sy camera groves. Fishing.. boat-
Ing, .ocean beach one mile. Hot sulphur baths
free to guests. Miraculous cures of rheuma-
tism, liver, kidney and womb troubles. The.
greatest resort on the coast (or health and
recreation. Rates *9 to SI4 per week. Bocnd,
trip by rail or steamer at reduced rates. Ad-
dress San Lnis Oblspo. Cat.
HOB^1 HO " TOCALOMA *%™
Bertrand Hctel: first-class accommodations:
reasonable rates for families * parties: flshin*,
bathing, beautiful drives to Bear Valley: tel*.
phone. JOS. F. BERTRAND, or Bulletin ofne*
every Friday. 2 to 4 p. m.. or No. shore R. It..
«2O Market st.
Sissons Tavern
Near Mount Shasta, altitude 3353 feet; ep«n all
yar. Headquarters Mount Shasta climbers:
plentiful table; fine fishing and drives. Par-
ticulars Peck's Bureau. 11 Montgomery. S. F.
OWN A flOME^r^t 1 - CAMP MEEKER
Free from tog and wind. Lots $10 up. Cot-
tages built by Meeker, $50 up. Boating, bath-
ing, tenting ground; sawmill, depot, store. P.
O. Sausallto ferry. M. C. MEEKER. Camp
Meeker. Sonoma County.
STTBTMTT HOXXSS,
Bollnas Ridge. Marln County, 1300 feet abov*
tea level, refurnished and under n«w manage-
ment. Boarders any period. Parties and clubs
catered tor; S mile* from Ross Valley: *1 BO re-
turn bv. stage from San Rafael. Terms. G.
CRANFIELD.
WHITE STJI.PHTJB SPRISG3— Most
accessible springs to San Francisco. Round
trip $1. no stage fare. Only 2H hours' ride:
flv» miles from Vallejo. Hot. cold and plungi
sulphur baths; wenderful cures- of rheumatism,
neuralgia, eczema, kidney, liver and stomach
diseases. Beautiful grounds and lake for beat-
ing and bathing. Dandntr pavilion, bowling
alley, croquet grounds. Rates. $lo a week anl
up. Address MANUEL MADRID. Vallejo. Cal.
WITTEB 1IEDICAL EPIJI2TOS, Lake
Co.. Cal. — Good climate, unsurpassed table aa4
best mineral water on earth: hotel oaen for
guests the entire year: positively cures Stom-
ach. Liver. Kidney and Bladder Troubles.
Tickets via Cal. Northwestern R. R. to Cklah.
Address Witter Medical Springs Co., main of-
fice and water depot. 918 Market st.. S. F.. or
R. McCormick. Witter 8piings. Lake Co.. Cat.
TBUCXEE BITES COUWTTlT CX.T7B
Bummer Resort and Sportsmen's LwU*. ThirJ
Season opens June 1. Fishing Unexcelled: rain.
bow trout; hatchery enlarged. Sierra attrac-
ttons. New management. MR. and MRS.
OEOROE H. FOULKS. . 48 Nevada block.
8. F.. or Verdi. Nev. -
IHB GETSESS — A flrst-class family
resort. Leon CoblenU. formerly with Mar-
chand's and D«lmonico. has entire supervision
of tha cuisine and dining-room. Swimmia?
baths, hot springs. Hunting, fishing; $10. $11
and $14 per week. $2 BO per day. Information
Cal N. W.. Ry.. 630 Market St.; also FABIU3
FERAUD. Prop.. The Geysers. Sonoma Co.
"XiATJBXXt DXXJi" — THo only lake re-
sort In the State that has Its own mineral
springs and a chemically pure spring. Boating,
swimming, marine toboggan, new livery tally-
ho coach, croquet, bowling, new walks anj
drives. Pamphlets at -Peck s. 11 Montgomery
st. E. DURNAN. proprietor. Laurel Dell, Lai,
County. ' '"
PZSCADESO,
Swanton House «">d«r new management,
popular hotel of San Mateo Co. Commodlom
cottages, beautiful gTOundstamous p«bbl«
beach, fishln?. bunting, sea **thing. j% OM .
Rates. $3 and *10 P«r w«ek. W. L. STEVENS.
Proprietor. __^
BEAUTXTTTXi CAMP MXEXias>— A
grand family resort In the redwood mountains
of Sonoma Co.: climate and water perfect;
over 10O cottages already built; lots for sale;
boating, bathing and other amusements; excel-
lent table: rates ' *« P«' ~e*k: take SausalUo
ferry. Address H. M. GREG3ON. Sole Prop.
HOTEL I** HOSDA—Situated in th«
Redwoods. Good trput fishing. Telephone!
FXinS OBOVE HOTEI^ Sierra Re-
sort: alt. 3200 ft.: lst-class accWV malaria A
aathma cured: Phone; temperance housTm
wk. E.H.Moody. pro.. Gold Run.Placer Co.. Cal.
AMONG THE VOTES— Alt. 808-4 ft
I ? nCh wrl l tt' l ?n WeeIt: P«-«tlv. no con-
sumntlvea; writ* for pamnhlat s.k» b»
Warbam. Applegate. Placer Countyf ah.
BEBOESHS3M— l n the Santa Crta red-
water, daily mail: excellent tiw- n ia t> «i :>rtn *
wk. MRS. WH. CBANDIXJuS£kS£ dE
Known everywhere as the largest and
most" choice mountain resort In the Pa-
cific: States; located. In the scenic moun-
tain region of Lake" County; elevation.
2375 feet.
All kinds of amusements to occupy your
mind and the wonderful JSartlett Water
to repair your body; cool nights. The
climate Is the best In the world for health
and there are no mosquitoes or fleas.
Mineral, .tub, steam and massage baths;
large swimming tank.
Plenty of fine trout streams for the
sportsman.. ..;
Two. routes: Via Southern Pacific or the
California and Northwestern.
Write J. E. McMAHAN, BARTLETT
SPRINGS, LAKE CO.. CAU. or apply
to Water Office, 2 Sutter street, San Fran-
cisco. . • . . » ,. -
Pamphlet mailed • free.
napa Napa County,
SODA SPRINGS,! Cal,
FOR HEALTH; AND PLEASURE GO TO
Napa Soda Springs. Situated 1000 feet above
the beautiful Napa Valley. Hot and cold soda
baths. Shetland ponies and burros for children.
Two trains dally, 7 :30 a. m. and 4 p. m. Add.
DOLLMANN A JACOBS. Napa Soda Springs.
Santa Catajma Island
SM Hours From Los Angeles.
Season 1903.
Our Marine Band of 30 Artists,
OUTDOOR PASTIMES, COATINO. BATHING.
FISHING, GOLF. ETC.
The Famous Canvas City Is Now Open!
With an Entirely New Equipment, in Shady
. HOTEL METBOPOLE,
With Mcdern Appointments. Always Open.
Reservations Made. Address
BANNING CO.. 2Zi SOUTH SPRING ST.,
LOS ANGELES. OR
PECK'S BUREAU. 11 MONTGOMERY ST..
¦_ 8AN FRANCISCO.
OPENS JULY 15th
HOTEL TpKELEY
An Elegant Family, Tourist and
Commercial Hotel.
DWIGHT WAY. BERKELEY.
Equipment and Cuisine First-class.
J. S. MARSTON. Manager.
Correspondence Solicited.
La Moine
FIrst-olriss hctel on SHASTA ROUTE; rc-
centls eniarccd, furnishing modorn ;icvo:n:vo-
dations. including electric llghtx. Bert FISH-
ING AND HUNTING on the Sacramento Riv-
er. Finest scenery In the woriti. Two trains
dally to and from San Francisco. Go to rleep
in Oakland and wake up at I..t Motnn, and
vice, versa. Terms reasonable. A<l<lros.s all
communications to CLIFFORD '.TOOGIN.S.
Mgr.. La Molne, Cal.
gLUE TAKES
Our famous White Sulphur Spring for dys-
pepsia and all stomach ailments. Plenty jf
boating, bathing, fishing and huntlnir. New
cottages. Tnnnlx court, regulation size. Send
for new pamphlet. O. WEISMAN. Mldlaits
P. O.. Lake County. Cal.
AN OUTING AT
JETNA SPRINGS
Combines rest, pleasure and happiness). Its
waters are world-famouK. Delightful bathing,
mountain walks, beautiful drives, saddle horse*
and amusements of every eort. Send for
pamphlet. Round-trip rate from San Francisco
$7. • • : • ¦
. AETNA SPRINGS COMPANT,
Aetna Spring's, ZTapa Co., CaL
Gilroy Hot Springs
For health and pleasure; water unsurpassed
for rheumatism, kidney, liver and stomach
trouble. Trained masseur. Long distance
phone. Trains from Third and Townsend at 9
a. m. and 3 p.m. Write for pamphlets.
"r R. ROBERTSOff.
Adams Springs
Why does Adams Springs. Lake County, get
the crowd T Because it cures. It is the best
water, has the best -climate and gives the best
service. Send for book of testimonial*. Full
particulars at Travelers' Information Bureau,
630 Market street, or by addressing
DR. W. R. PRATHER. Proprietor.
VILLA PONTENAY — Flnt-clasa resort;
Santa Cruz 'Mis.; hotel, cottages; croquet
tennis, billiards, bowling, amusement hall'
electric lights; table first class; $10 to «14 :
phone; campers' return tickets, $2 60- clrcul
fars. J. II. HAESTERS, Glenwood. Cal.
HOTEL BON AIR.
New. modern 80- room hotel; Roes Valley
first -class every par.; fishing, boating swiml
mlng, beautiful drives; bus meets 10 11 2
trains Kent sta. MR. Xc MR3. J. E*MAN-
LOVE. props. P. O. ad. Rp«s Valley, Maria Co.
La Honda and Pescadero
-' Buy your railroad ticket to Redwood City
9 5'. n « tni111 Tom Third and Townsend su
aad 9:20 a m. train from San Jose; connect
ay Redw d o^ Ct C,t y . AddfCM WALTE *
HOTEL BEN LOMOND,
i 8 AWT A CRUZ —OIJTSTAXXIS.
Now-open. For booklet, apply to Peck's Burean.
KLAMATH SPRINGsf
BE8WICK.SISKIYOU CO.. CALi
the . coast. E«nd for bvoklet. ¦ . - - - .
... EPSON , BROS.. Proprletora.
EAGLE STABLFS Uktah - Tou '»«t«. -»mp-
a* ™. ; * # M "•• h «»t«™. Write to H.
A. fcldred for rates for any kind of turnout.
Highland
Springs
FOR HEALTH
MINERAL WATERS of proven efficacy, f«
liver, kidney, malaria, rheumatism aad stom-
ach troubles. A physician of ability, experi-
enced in advising- their use (free). BATH3 at
all kinds and massage. Purest mountain air.
FOR PLEASURE
I-arg« Livery Stable and excursions to other
resorts and points of interest, many of which
can be made In one day. REGULATION
ALLEY. TENNIS. CROQUET, P1NG-PONCK
SHUFFLE - BOARD. FREE BWIMMINO
TANK and ORCHESTRA. DANCING six
nights of the week. Beautiful walk* aad
drives.
Telephones, express and postofflc*.
Hard-flniibed rooms; first-class table: elecmo
lights.
Rates. $10 to $19 a week.
For booklet and other Information eau on
Peck's Tourist Buread. 11 Montgomery «-.
"Travelers" Bureau." 630 Market st.. or addres*
CRAIG & KEKR.
Highland Springs. Lak» Co.. Cal.
YOUR CITY ADDRESS
IS IN THE DIRECTORY ,
BUT THE ADDRES3 OF YOUR
SUMMER RETREAT 13 IN
"Vacation 1903"
ISSUED BY THE
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN
RAILWAY
And which contains over a hundred
pages, giving full particulars In regard
• to mineral spring resorts, select camp-
Ins spots, and country homes and
farms where summer boarders ar»
taken, together with the terms, which
rang! from $7.00 per week up.
To be had In response to a mall request, or
at Ticket Offices. €50 Market street CChronlclo
building) and Tiburon Ferry, foot of Market
street: General Office. Mutual Life Building,
corner Sansome. and California streets. , Saa
Francisco.
H. C. WHITING. R. X RYAN.
' General Manager. Gen. Pin. Agt.
NEW ANNEX.
GOLF LINKS.
. ¦¦¦¦¦¦,- - - ORCHESTRA.
HOTEL VENDOME,
SAN JOSE, CAL
SWIMMING.
BOWLING. . •
AUTOMOBILES.
Tahoe Tavern at Lake Talioe
Is now open for the reception of guest*.
Our patrons of last season soy i "Tahoe
Tavern in the equal 61 any summer resort
hotel in the world,"
and that Lake Tahoe has no equal. Visit as
and prove statement for • yourselves. Rates
from $3.60 per day upward. For particulars
or reservation of rooms address Taboe Tavern,
Tahoe City, Cal. • •
YOSEMITE VALLEY
ONLY IS HOURS FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
OVER OILED ROADS via WAWONA AND
INSPIRATION POINT. • -
THE ONLY ROUTE TO MARIPOSA BIO
TREES! - , . . . •
THE ONLY ROUTE VIA INSPIRATION
POINT!
For particulars address A. S. MANN, 613
MARKET ST.. SAN FRANCISCO.
HOTEL DEL CAZADEBO
AND
ELIM OBOVE HOTEL.
Under a new and progressive management.
Everything renovated inside and out. Good
hunting, fishing, bathing, boating, daacing.
New stables and first-class meala. No stag-
ing. Depot on the ground.
Take Sausallto Ferry. Round-trip tickets,
good for six months, $3 TS. Rates. $2 per day.
$10. $12 and $14 per week. . J. J. THIRION.
Proprietor. Cazadero. Sonoma County.' ' *
aafoifirTZlxxr'vxsw bascs hotsl
And cottages in heart of mountains, near
Santa Crux. Our table Is our recommendation;
let-class .accom.; new lmpvts.; gas through-
out; terms, |S up; phone, swimming tank,
amusements, croquet, bowling alley, dally
mall: campers' tickets to Glenwood. Inc. stage,
$3 75 round trio.
FRANK R. DANN. Santa Cram.
JOHANNISBERC
Hotel; modern conveniences; large, airy din-
ing-room; exhilarating air: hunting, fishing,
swimming, boating; rates $10 and $12. THEO
BLANCKENBERO JR.. Prop.. Oakvllle. Naps
Co.-. or PECK'S BUREAU. 11 Montgomery st.
RUBICON T>AJR.XL
Delightful summer resort on shore of Lake Ta-
hoe. Everything new. Best beach for bathing-
bring suits. Fishing, hunting. Boats, fishing
tackle; saddle horses at moderate hire; $14 and
$16 per week. Postoffice. tel. A. L. FROST,
P.ubicon Park. Lake Tahoe, CaL
VICHY SPRINGS.
3 miles from Uklah. Mendoclno Co. Natural
electric waters, champagne baths. Only. place
in the world of this class. Fishing, hunting
Crystal Springs. Accommodations: table first
class. J. A. REDEMEYER & CO.. Props. .
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two miles from Hopland. Mendoelno County
Unsurpassed mineral waters: fine hotel and
first-class table. Rates $10 to $12. Furnished
housekeeping cottages. J. 8. HOWELL, Pro-
prietor. . .
MONTRIO HOTEL ~^
One mile from famous "Bohemian Grove";
new management: all refitted. Quietude, com-
fort, pleasure, hunting, fishing, ¦ boating : frasa
milk, cream and best of everything. Addreaa
C F. CARR. Manager. Montrlo. CaL
TEEEHAN HOTEL,
Auburn, Placer Co.. Cat. Moat popular sum-
mer and winter resort in the foothills. Eleva-
tion 1400 feet. Electric bells. Electric lights.
Prices moderate. Address
FREEMAN A WALSH. Proprietors.
LOTUS PAEM STJMMEE BUSOST — 8 Hi
miles from Napa. in the redwoods. Natural
lake, boat riding, fishing, fine drives, hunting.
Terms, $8 and up per week; children under IX
$5 per week. Carriage to or. from Napa. 73c
J. TEPLY. Prop.. Napa. Cal.; P. O. box 120.
ELITE HOTZ£, Bonoma, Cal. — Peter
GOUAILHARDON. Prop. Newly renovated
and now open for summer guests. Rstes raa-
ii( Vjtvyv i c5fw f * f L-^_ "* \<J § / ¦'/fc/ ¦ I' Y/9 I 111! y M GmM ' v? Js^sTCLEVER STAGE. FAVORITES
AND SCENE- FROM FISCH
ER'S LATEST OFFERING.
With a camera creates a lifelong remem
brance. '.The Photo Supply. Department of
Sanborn;& Vall's, 741 Market. street, has
everything In the photographic line. •
A Snap
I Zano," a : clever sleight of hand perform
er;: mystified a large audience at' Grau
man's Theater last night, the Burroughs
kept ! the* house In a gale of laughter for
fifteen minutes with an ' amusing travesty
and the male ! member, , of the - Wilsons,
singing; and* talking comedians, composed
several [verses about people 'seated in the
parquet as: he sang. Robinson and Grant,
rrildget comedians, gave a funny boxing
exhibition: ¦ Kraff t" and' Daley appeared In
a new black-face ; specialty, \< and ¦ Harry
and Carrie La Kola varied their Japanese
Orauman's.
Hanlon's Pantomime Company,, In their
lively and surprising act. "Phunny Phrol
lcks,".and the Lutz brothers. In their mu
sical and shooting turn, are the headllnera
of an unusually strong programme at the
Chutes. " (Van Fossen and McCauley, the
"Darktown Disturbers"; Marion George, a
pretty and talented violinist; George W.
Moore. ; monologlst and parodist, and' the
Waldron ; brothers, German comedians,
\also made hits. : The animatoscope views
were! new. and amusing.. The amateurs
will appear on - Thursday night.
Chutes.
t That -.the* Rogers Brothers' productions
have; caught -the popular fancy was evi
denced last evening oy the crowded house
that 'greeted the beginning of the third
week of "In Central Park" at the Grand
Opera-house. Cj
Grand Opera-House.
The revival, of. Edward Rose's version of
¦Anthony Hope's "Prisoner of Zenda" at
'the Alcazar' last evening. drewu.a large
audience that, exhibited considerable. en-,
thusiaBm'and was with* applause'
for the many striking situations, in. the ro
mantic play. . White; Whlttlesey and Fred
Butler were the '? prominent . • characters
and, v with ; Miss (Bertha; Creighton.vthe
.Princess Flavia . of ' the cast, ..were , of ten
called before the footlights. Miss Crelgh
ton is a ; charming. Flaviaand ; .plays the
love scenes with, true-archness ;and.feel
ing. In the ; prolog"ue Miss .Julia Crosijy
makes her. appearance in" the - Vole • of
Amelia,-, Countess; of Rassendyll, 'and, last
night the warmth of ; the greeting, show
ered upon' her. by -the large auuience was
a- striking .testimonial of \ the/ popularity
which she • has .worthilyt.earned. : Mr.
Whittlesey plays the Englishman and the
King to Buifhis partial matinee ; admirers,
but more exacting critics would "complain
of "a certain" lack of . virility /~; of
sturdiness. ¦:, f or r the \ herb/ of ;; -. Hope's : ro
mance. L He "Is,* ably: supported ', ? by -Fred
Butler, who possesses, Just those dramatic
qualities which' the, critics would; like j to
see | in | Mr. % Whittlesey. 1 ;> Butler's. | Colonel
Sapt.is a fine bit of character ;actUig and
is : appreciated' to" the .utmost. : v Mr. ' Whit-
Alcazar.
I juggling act The three Kuhns, novelty
[musicians; Clinton Montgomery, the bary
tone. singer of illustrated songs, and the
bioscope, with new moving pictures, com
pleted an excellent programme. The dally
matinees are well attended.
STOCKTON, July 13. — Stockton Lodge No.
218 B. P. O. E.. to-night purchased a 100-foot
square lot for $25,000 at the southeast corner
of Weber avenue and flutter street and will
begin work at once on a $100,000 building,
which will be five stories and modern in every
particular.
The dredger Golden Gate was sold yes
terday to Marshall Harris for $31,000.
The dredger at the present time Is en
gaged in Government work at Redwood
City.
Dredger Is Sold.
• As many people were turned away from
Fischer's. Theater last night as the house
holds.- By. the time the 1 curtain rose on
the first act people crowded the*alsles and
every] nook and . corner of standing
room."-, Never did this popular resort have
a more successful production. From the
moment that Misses Hope and Emerson
came, upon the stage and gave their
clever* song- and dance. Imitating . the
famous •; Cherry sisters, the enthusiasm
was unbounded. As the Peroxide Sisters
they had ¦¦torespond to, no less than six
encores. .Their "make-up" and costum
ing were .most original and they danced
themselves into favor from the start. The
scenery" and? the costumes, as in all the
Fischer productions, are in perfect ' har
mony- with; (the splendid performances
that this popular house gives. There are
a number, of* original specialties and nov
.eltle?.;- This : production will be another
"record-breaker."
Fischer's.
After an ¦ illness of six years duration
Mrs. Ida M. Stringer passed away yes
terday, at the residence of her daughter,
Mrs. L. Eugene Lee, 2744 Steiner street.
During all her years of suffering Mrs.
Jjjtrlnger was uncomplaining and was
cheerful even to the last. Mrs. Stringer
came to this country in'ISaS. when a mere
child. She was the wife of the late Wil
liam J. Stringer, a pioneer carpet and
furniture merchant and a member of Cali
fornia Commandery, Knights Templar,
and . California Lodge of Masons No. 1.
Mrs. Stringer was an ardent member of
the State Floral Society, the Academy of
Sciences and of the California Club. She
leaves a son and daughter, who were con
stantly at her bedside during her illness.
Her friends will remember her as a chari
table, hospitable and generous woman.
Mrs. W. J. Stringer Passes Away.
E. J. Ratcliffe acquited himself well: in
the difficult role of Romeo. Herbert Carr,
as Friar- Lawrence,* was .also particularly
pleasing. Fa nnie. Young, easily won J sec
ond honors as the nurse. Her .work ,was
applauded bothfrequently and with 'vigor.
L. E. Stockwell got a considerable
amount of fun out of the ..character V 6f
Peter and Charles . Bejcher handled the
part of Paris very creditably. .The others
of. the cast- furnished' admirable support.
"Elizabeth" will be presented Thursday
evening r only, and "Macbeth" ' oh 'Friday,
Saturday and * Sunday, evenings. ,• . • ,
California.
. Nance O'Neil and her . company, ; In
"Romeo and Juliet," proved, enough of an
attraction to crowd the California^ .Thea
ter to the doors last night. [The applause
was almost continuous ¦ throughout ; the
performance. In. every way the reylvalof
the wonderful play wa3 a 'great success.
. As Juliet, Miss O' Nell shows that' same
remarkable power which has made, her
famous in other characters. From th«
balcony -scene-, to^the 'death in ; the tomb,
she held her hearers by her
worthy interpretation of this work of the
great' master of literature.; Surely few.
have been able .to play to- better advan
tage the part of the beautiful maid of Ve-.
rona. .. .¦ .;-' v - : > <•¦'¦•. ~ '•¦'•".
Central.
For' pure,- adulterated fun, In satisfy
ing ¦> ;abundance, "Muldoon's Picnic,"
-which- began the week last night with a
packed: house at the Central Theater, fills
the bill to perfection. The piece is an
extravagant farce-comedy, and the Peter
Daily, "version' has been brought up to
date by 'Comedian Corrigan and the
comic character artists, Conlon and Ky
der.'.The,special starring engagement or
James .Corrigan at the Central has
proved . an -unbounded success, and the
closing week, with "Muldoon'a Picnic,"
has* started in for a continuance of tho
Immensely^^profitable business that re
sults from .giving the public the kind or
a show it likes and demands. Last night
the!audience was kept in an almost con
tinuous uproar of mirth, and the gallery
had' occasion, to enthuse to its heart's
content...' Several surprises In the way ot
burlesq-ue stunts were sprung as an ac
companiment ' to the performance, and
Ernest Howell and Elmer Booth intro
duced a very -catchy turn with a trick
automobile that brought down the house.
The- "Picnic" Is made doubly enjoyable
by, the-. numerous specialties that are
sandwiched "in here and there.
Orpheum.
• Lovers* of an all-start vaudeville cast
should' not iiiiss the Orpheum this week.
Some of the , best people in the business
are on there and they are being greeted
by'blg houses. /
bibulous father 'is worth nugsjets and
who shares in some of the -more effective
scenes. Mr. Lackaye . has done j nothing
better. The character is a combination. of
Micawber and Ecelrti, ' with 'a reminis
cence of Merrythought, ana there Is- not
a phase of the' fatuous, vain, irresponsi
ble,, amiable, verbose cre'ature- left'un
painted. Lackaye's every -moment here is
precious. Mr.'Abingdon is Brinker, with
out particular effectiveness; :George Spink'
is amusing as the reformer and Mr. Carew.
Is clever as Hargreaves, the first lover.
Of the women Miss- Fernandez brightens
the cast amazingly -"in- a. small part land
with a bit of . good contralto song; j Miss
Wesley is the mother' and : Miss Ring a
pretty Olivia. ¦ : •• ' ¦ ' ;.''.-'
. BLANCHE PARTIXGTON.
• ."Wang" "continues to be the attraction
at the Tivoli. Opera-house. Last evening
it; entered on it3 last week. It has the
fame cast as heretofore, with the excep
tion of Marie Welsh, who takes the part
that'-.was formerly assigned to Frances
Gibson. Jj Next week "The Highwayman"
.will be put on, beginning Monday even-
Ing.' - __
Tivoli.
The third act finds her In her own'sump
tuous apartments> in, a : scene that; would
have been more effective' had it preceded
a similar one in "The . Christian." ;, She
is at supper' with' her associates,-* and to
her comes her father, her first lover, and
a reformer— a' burlesque John; Storm. Her
first lover, saves her from taking her life
at the act's end and points out the new
way. The fourth act finds her; there.
All that. could be: done for. the part of
Katinka Miss - Blngham has done " for it
She shows a bright and flexible humor,
womanliness, sympathy, seductive charm
and an emotional grip that roused the
audience to much noisy .testimony of ; its
pleasure. Her attractive sincerity, deep
earnestness and consclenceful art pervade
the whole- production that .from:; the
production standpoint Is unexceptionable.
Very handsome, too,, is 'the . picture she
makes, and the gowns are marvels. .
The best, chance, of -the 'piece goes to
Wilton' Lackaye, whose picture of the
FOUR hundred nights in' that amaz
ing New York is the record of "A
Modern Magdalen," presented here
for the first time last night by
Amelia Blngham and her excellent
i company. One wonders j wb,y that four
'hundred nights.- One deplores the waste
of Miss Blngham and people upon the
| material Mr. Chambers has here pro
j vided. One regrets the squandering of
some excellent material upon a play in
j its whole so unsatisfying.' Yet, for exam
j pie, the splendid portrait of the Mlcawber
j like Jenkins, the many-faceted'opportuni
j ties of the central figure, together with
the brilliancy of thV acting, the delight
; fully complete setting of the picture, go
j far to explain the play|s vogue. •
j But it failed to. convince. Programmed
! as "a drama in four acts, by Haddon
j Chambers," the play is actually a dram
; atizatlon from .the Danish by the play
l wright, and herein lies its essential weak
! ness. The story is Danish, the tragedy
1 of the Old World, and in Its new setting-
Mr. Chambers nas laid the scene in' New
York— it becomes curiously incredible.
The original tang Is . untranslatable, the
atmosphere apparently Impossible of con
veyance. Thestory concerns iitself with
one ICatlhka, who is discovered in. a
wretched home in New York. She is the
daughter of a drunken father, and the
butt of a shrewish stepmother,- one tie
alone binding, her to. her home— the love
for a younger, sister. Katlnka Is beauti
ful, and we see her first flying from the
pursuit of a man about town who follows
her to her home. She repulses him. He
leaves her, • but leaves - his visiting
card. She has been. looking for work ali
day without success. Then appears the
stepmother .with coarse reproach for. her
ill-fortune, and -her.- father, with a pro
posal of marriage from a rich old man
whom she has been eluding for a whole
year. But before this a young working
man, who shares the Jenkins • roof , has
also asked for Katinka's hand. But he
is too poor. She will not marry him-be
cause he cannot help* her invalid sister';
Then, driven to madness- by her sister's
weakness, cowardice of her father, the
stepmother's brutal meanness, the ad
vances of the old man Brlnker, the close
of the first act finds Katinka.on her way
to the man about town. ' *
A marriage with Brinker would of
course have served, . and better served
Katinka's purpose— but then no play. In
New York also she could have earned
otherwise the money necessary for her
sister's support. But then there could
have been no "modern Magdalen." One's
sympathy is ' demanded for an unneces
sary and horrible sacrifice, the sympathy
is not forthcoming.'; " . ¦ •
The second act shows the Jenkins fam
ily settled in bourgeois splendor. in a new
home, the sister recovered, the mother
handsomely dressed, the father with the
flowing bowl. at will.. The change Is ow
ing to the contributions of Katinka, now
become a successful' music hall singer;
but of this the mother and daughter are
kept in ignorance by • the father, who at
tributes their sudden' affluence to his own
exertions. Katinka comes • home \ in • all
her splendors and is. repulsed by. her'
mother and sister. '
The play is well staged and scened, and
if, the opening night may be taken as a
fair indication of the remaining perform
ances the -management and the public will
be. equally well pleased.
tlesey, despite his defect of over-refine
ment and excess of gentility, gives q. per
formance that is satisfactory to the aver
age, audience and plays with his usual
conscientiousness.
CARO. Mich.. July 13.— The Exchange Ban*
cf Caro. of which (Tiarle* Montague is presi
dent, has suspended payment. Montagu? has
l«»>n r*Tut«j to be the wealthiest man in this
c'Ftrlct.
Edgar Allen Poe is now the State's at
torney In Maryland, having been ap
pointed by the Governor to fllll the unex
ptred term of Robert M. McLane, who
has been elected Mayor of Baltimore.
Lawyer Poe was born in 1S71.
SACRAMENTO. JuJy 13.— Governor Pirde*
has authorized the effertrg of a reward of $2.V>
for the arrest of the hijthr-ayman who robbed
the Bartlett Pprinc* «a>r- r«»<viHiy. Sheriff
f-hoarpr ct r«!usa County rlve« notice that he
w'.ll offer a small additional reward
Whites and blacks are to reside together "tn
this country permanently and we should los«
no opportunity to cultivate in every manly
way the greatest harmony between the races.
Whoever. North or South, blark or white, stirs
up strife needlessly by word or deed la an
enemy to both races and to his country.
"There Is going to be a reaction against
the atrocious crimes with which the
papers have been filled. I expect that it
will come soon. I cannot say what form
it will take, but there will be an uprising
of popular feeling against lynchlngs
which will result in legislation or a rem
edy of some other form."
ATLANTA. Ga.. July 13.-»-Booker T.
Washington to-night addressed an Im
mense audience at the People's Taber
nacle on the thirty-sixth anniversary of
the First Congregational Church (col
ored.) Washington spoke in part aa fol
lows:
The time has come here In the South lOen
I believe ¦ the very highest type of Southern
white men and women are Roir.sc more anil
more to take a hand In the elevation of the
blacks at their doors.
"The principal participants In the crime
can be held by any court in the land for
murder in the same degree as If the
crime were committed by an Individual.
This statement was made by Associate
Justice Brewer of the United States Su
preme Court, who is in the city on pri
vate business.
MILWAUKEE, July I3.-"Evcry man
who participates in the lynching or the
burning of a negro is a murderer pure
and simple."
"There is great need in this State for
a whipping post, for by such means only
can criminal acts of the character of
which the defendant stands convicted be
properly punished. He should be treated
In the same way as his mother was treat
ed by him and made to feel physical suf
fering for his inhuman conduct. Such
mode of punishment is provided in other
States for offenses of far less gravity
than the one at bar."
,"It has been observed by this court."
continued the Judge, "on other occasions
in connection with cases of gross bru
tality that physical chastisement should
be provided for such crimes. Any period
of incarceration, either in the penitenti
ary 'or in the County Jail, necessarily
falls to adequately punish offenders of
that class. . .
George J. Crane was tried before a jury
in -Judge Lawlor's court yesterday on a
charge of assault with intent to do griev
pus bodily harm and the jury brought in
a verdict of guilty in seven minutes. As
he waived time for sentence the Judge
sentenced him to serve two years in the
County Jail.
Crane, while under the influence- of li
quor, brutally beat his aged mother.
Nora Crane, at their home, 6 Germania
place, on May 4. It was for a time fear
ed that owing to her advanced age the
shock to her system caused by her son's
maltreatment might prove fatal. At the
preliminary hearing before Police Judge
Mogan she refused to testify against her
son, claiming that he was her sole sup
port and if he werj£ punished she would
have to go to the 'almshouse.
Judge Lawlor, In passing sentence,
said he would take into consideration the
fact that Crane had never been arrested
before and he would not send him to the
State's penitentiary, as in that event he
would probably lose his rights as a citi
zen.- -
Says It Is Proper Pun
!§ ishment for Brutal
Crimes.
Noted Jurist Declares
Against Unlawful
Practice.
JUDGE SUGGESTS
WHIPPING POST
BERLIN. Ju'.y 13.— The highest floods
known in the region for many years are
reported from Silesia, j Nearly the whole
town of Troppau was under water. The
crops of the entire district were destroyed
and traffic at several points interrupted
owing to the destruction of bridges and
embankments. In the Sudeten Valley all
the villages were flooded so rapidly that
thirty of the inhabitants were drowned.
Fifty houses were destroyed. Even the
town of Breslau is reported to be In dan
ger and the nremen have been called out
to repair the dykes protecting the city
from the overflowing River Odere.
Terrible hailstorms have devastated the
country along the lower Rhine. The
damage done to crops is incalculable.
Several persons were killed by lightning.
The Democratic League Club of the
Thirty-eight Assembly District met last
evening at Powers* Hall, 1036 Pierce
street. Charles Peery. In calling the
meeting to order, said that th«? time had
tome for the rank and file of the party
to be admitted to a voice in the party's
affairs; that the delegates should be
elected to conventions at club meetings
and not in back rooms, and that the dis
tricts should govern themselves and not
"be governed by a boss in a downtown of
fice. The following temporary officers
were elected: James B. Mulcahy. chair
man: C B. duff, secretary; Frank Zach
arias. financial secretary; Charles Vorn,
treasurer; Frank Dunn, vice president';
P. A. Kennedy, sergeant at arms.
Democratic Club Meets.
SAYS LYNCHERS
ARE MURDERERS
Populous Districts in
Silesia Are Under
Water.
FLOODS DESTROY
GROWING GROPS
REDWOOD CITY. July 13.— The south
bound passenger train, which arrived
here at 4:20 o'clock this afternoon, ran
down a four-horse wagon Just within the
city limits, instantly killing John Culley
and injuring the driver of the team,
George O'Malley, who later died from
his injuries. One of the animals was
killed and the wagon was broken to
pieces.
The accident occurred at what is known
as "Finger's crossing," one of the most
dangerous crossings in this neighborhood
and where a number of lives have been
lost. So far as can be learned now
O'Malley whipped up his horses Just be
fore reaching the crossing and attempted
to pass in front of the train.
Both men had been working for P. J.
Foley of this place, hauling rock. O'Mal
ley was well known here, having rela
tives in the north end of the county at
Colma. The other man was not so well
known. Both bodies were taken to the
morgue by Coroner James Crowe. The
date for the inquest has not been fixed.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Cantrell also claims to know the secret
cf the disappearance of Kenneth Law
rence, a wealthy man who inherited
HOV'fO and who disappeared from Belle
fontaine. and was last heard of in New
York.
CcntroH to-night was uncertain as to
which grave Fhe was buried in. He said
?he had been placed in a grave that had
been robbed several months before.
Miss Savasre'R brother was in the party.
Two graves were opened andone was
found to have been disturbed, as Can
trell *aid. with the rough box broken
open and the coffin turned upside down.
The body in It, however, was not recog
nized by Savage. Other graves will be
opened to-morrow.
IN'DIANAPOI.IS. July 13.— Acting on
statements made in affidavits by Ruius
Cantrdl. now serving sentence at the
Jeffersonville reformatory, officers to-day
accompanied Cantrell to the Union
Ohapel cemetery near Nora, eleven miles
from Indianapolis, and two praves were
opened. It was expected, according to
The 5tatement«= of Cantrell, that there
would be found the body of Miss Carrie
Savage, an Indinnapolis schoolteacher,
who disappeared from the Union State
Hospital on March 11. 1900, and was never
recaptured.
According: to the etory of Cantrell two
phouls found the insane woman wander
ing on a country road a? they were re
turning from & grave robbing- expedition
on the morning of her disappearance.
They ir.viied her into their buggy,
learned Fhe was demented and took her
to a cabin in Hamilton County, where
f he was kept for weeks. She was moved
to a hut in Indianapolis and when the
foarch for her became too close, the
ghouls chloroformed her and buried the
body in the Union Chapel cemetery.
Driver Whip3 Team, but He
Fails to Escape Ap
proaching Engine.
Seek Body of Insane Woman
Who Suffered an
Awful Fate.
Nance p'Neil^Scores Complete ; Success >Bef ore. Great Audi
, ence as Alcazar 'SpleridicSlyJRresents "Prisoner
ill of Zenda— People
Officers Open Graves in
a Cemetery in
Indiana.
Two Men Are Killed at
a Crossing Near
Redwood City.
TRAIN CRASHES
INTO A WAGON
PROBING GHOUL'S
TALE OF MURDER
AMELIA BINGHAM'S CLEVER COMPANY
IS STRONG IN " A MODERN MAGDALEN"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAiL, JTOBSDAY, " JULY 14, 1903.
5
FREE X RAY
EXAMINATION AND
TREATMENT
gm<* \ All persona calling at
Electro-Chemlc Inati-
r J&& '"tSSl"- tUte *'" he K !v<> r> *
<\*'5<ys5fcS7LVv - '* fr *A X-Ray namina-
b*S£l I ffiOlnO" 0 * 1 " 111 dlajrnosla. A
£jgj\ 1 PlS,«f \/ truthful and sincere.
f A , 1 0\P 'opinion will be given
_J!L ' V)i . f*^/'l In alK case*. Curable
>SJ' ** r^f diseases will be Riven
* • ' - a free treatment. Xo
" * t" incurable cases will be
undertaken. Call at once. Absolutely no charge.
Electro-Chemistry . cure* painlessly
and without operation Consumption,
Cancer, Catarrh, Deafness, Khctuaatism,
Fistula, ' Paralysis, Loccmotor -Ataxla,
Asthma and Bronchial Troubles, Pil»«,
Nervous Diseases, Skin and Blood Dis-
eases and tho Special Diseases of Men
and Women.
The Electro=Cheraic Institute
118 Grant Ave., Cor. Post St..
SAN FRAXCISCO. CAU
BACK EAST
EXCURSIONS
BY THE
JULY 12th. 13th, 14th,
15th and 16th.
AUGUST 13th and 19th,
\ 25th and 28th.
THBKB AMD BACK
ONE FARE.
STOP-OVERS GO-DAY LIMIT.
Ask Alents
SANTA FE
for Particular*
641 MARKET STREET
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HEALTHY OLDAGE
Pe-ru-iia Invaluable for the — -^ — !==gS sS r
Catarrhal Diseases Pe- |¥j \4$$?£2Si£$&k \
IN old age no matter how healthy the |H _^ JiSSi
person may be there Is a tendency to i fij/*. /^^pfl^i ' I
.coldness, sluggishness .of the drcula- 3 Pw f6/S& »*W» w<1l
tion,. Inadequate digestion of food. Such B Ki / * i^ ["*""* M U
a condition- Is not exactly a disease, but yl V«* /, . r A
is one of the inevitable consequences of |j \&»\ r^C^ JJ ,;l
old age. Peruna la peculiarly adapted to %a r^^S mM I
these conditions, which result from old It **«. 'B&.
age. It spreads a grateful warmth >9v jt&fftk^ \
throughout the whole system. It invi«- I <JR&^5£*<aJH&BrWfti I I
orates the circulation. It increases the h] -^KKSHBRBflPStRr^l I It
digestive powers. In short, it mitigates I I
all of the, symptoms which are directly l^g^^^BM^M^Fia^ffl j
Peruna never fails to be of inestimable M^K^^^r^^^W^Mcra IT
worth to old. people. It prevents prema- fl KiSs^^SHiliafe^^SifflSB V*
ture- wrinkles. It gives health and elas- LffiPi^fSllHlJaSfi^ESS^iA^/ Jil
ticlty to the skin, and under its use the TSfOT
sallowness and wizened expression disap- - _{'!'* ""tgSSSfifcf
pears. It has been stated over and over V^»"^ ~7^ F^>\«^8*f?5\
again in letters from old people that "Pe- JW >»>i %{'u
runa has made me look twenty years *- pr J\ t»^JA5/^jV^^^K'z
In old age the mucous membranes be- »/^S^N *-^S(£!3 wi'V tfcs£$all
come thickened and partly loso their fT/fr %l A P^frM>''lM'^-aH,il
This leads to partial loss of hearing, \1f § I if ft l(\^P^3wlFr
smell and taste, as well as digestive dls- Whq^^J*/' PuTl iP*S ! W
Peruna corrects all this, by its specific trn]»V^''*'V*>^LIHflM^SlrNtl
operation on all . the mucous membranes «i*'
',[ Mrs. Jerusha M. Crane, Deerfleld. Mich., writes: t Ym<M\
"I must claim you as a friend, for you have cured me of ' J^i M'l 1*1*
M my suffering. I cannot speak too highly of you and your ' [ J^il ll
( | Peruna, for I believe It has saved my life. I suffered with Ai^rl 1 J
, my head, throat, lungs, stomach, intestines and bladder (sys- , |< 1
,, temic catarrh). I am now. feeling well, thanks to Peruna. I . _2»Sl
., can eat anything I want and it does not hurt me. I can i
.sleep, and get up feeling well and good. I am so thank- " '^jS""
, fill that I found your Peruna. I am almost seventy-one ' \^S*>
, years old."
A New Man at 79 trial and il rejuvenated my who!« tys-
„ « 1? , JS w Cr ' «... tem - l ' eel thankful therefore, for al-
Major Frank O'Mahoney, West Side, though 79 years old I feel like a young
Hannibal Mo., writes: man."— Major Frank O'Mahoney.
"Up to a few years ago I felt no need to One bottle will convince anyone. Once
test its medicinal potency, but lately used and Peruna becomes a life-long
when my system needed it, your Peruna stand-by with, old and young,
relieved me of many catarrhal troubles. If you do not derive prompt and satis-
Some two years ago I weighed 210 pounds, factory results from the use -of Peruna.
but fell away down to 168 pounds, and be- write at once to Dr. Hartrnan. giving a
sides loss ot flesh I wa3 subject to stom- full statement of your case and he will
ach troubles, indigestion, loss of appetite, be pleased to give you his valuable advice
insomnia, night sweats, and a foreboding gratis.
of getting my entire system' out of order. Address Dr. Hartman. President of The
During some months I gave Peruna a fair Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, Ohio.
£an Francisco, Tuesday, U July. 1903.
IS SRI
Igip ff#|
To=day's special
summer price
===== .- ¦
A golden oak, eight-foot extension table which
sells regularly for $ 18.50. Special price — $11.45 — posi-
tively for to-day, Tuesday, only. No telephone or mail
orders will be accepted at the special figure and only
one table will be sold to each buyer. Measures 42
inches square when closed and has five fluted, tapering
legs.
We begin this sale with what we consider , a big
(enough stock to last all day, but to avoid a possible dis-
appointment, come early.
Our "Pacific Cable Edge" woven wire is too good a
mattress to always sell at $2.65. We're satisfied ¦ with
this price until August 1st to get it introduced. The
regular price, $4 .00, will be asked after that date. . »A "
window display showing the different parts separately
is now attracting attention.
\ (Successors to California Furaitnre Co.)
I 957 to 977 Market Street, Opp. Golden' Gate Avenue.Crime, it is alleged by one of our Judges, is in
creasing with remarkable and alarming strides among
the youth of our city. This, however, neither ex
plains nor justifies the existence of dives, gambling
dens and crime-breeding resorts on the leading thor
oughfares of the city. The police might give us a
housecleaning and remove some of the temptations
which assault our youth.
Bulgaria and Turkey are still making faces at one
another and Europe is speculating whether or not
there will be war. While it looks as if one is afraid
and the other dare not, the rest of us would not take
it amiss if they got together," mixed things a little
and changed the geography of that part of the semi
civilized world. ""'; i:
The. careless reading of a telegraphic order the
other day resulted in a disastrous train wreck and
the loss of several lives. The explanation is given
probably not as an excuse but as an illustration of
current railroad methods which have- become so
alarmingly frequent as to be accepted almost as mat-
However efficient our Fire Department may be in
fighting flames, it seems to be utterly unequal to the
task of destroying the smoke of scandal which arises
from its affairs. In any discussion of themselves
the Commissioners must admit, modestly or other
wise, that the public has a horse on them.
Kansas has in sight a wheat crop, estimated to be
worth upward of $65,000,000, but ) labor, is so scarce
that she is now calling louder for help in the grain
fields than she ever called for it during flood time.
Calif ornians in New York.
NEW YORK. July 13.— The following
Calif ornians are -lit New York: From
San Francisco — J. Blanchard, at the
Hoffman; S. W. Coleman, at the Vic
toria; W. A. Daggett and wife, at the
Herald Square; S. G. Dow, at the Grand
Union; Dr. L. J. Hunkin, at the Grand;
Mrs. G. R. Jay, J. McDonald, at the Im
perial; E. J. Kelly, at the Bartholdl; C.
O. Major. J. Schilling, at the Broadway
Central; and Mrs. Moorer, at the Gregor
ian.
From Los Angeles—Miss Bartholomew
and Mrs. G. S. Bartholomew, at the Al
bert; M. W. Bush, at the Sinclair; L.
Gregory, at the Grand] Union; Dr. H. G.
Bayless. at the Navarre; W. H. Holablrd,
at the Manhattan; W. H. McConncll and
T. H. McConnell, at the St. Denis; T.
Payne, at the Grand.
From Redlands— N. Messerer and J.
Poundstone. at the Park Avenue.
Cnlifornians in Washington.
.WASHINGTON, July 13.— The following
Californlans registered at the Raleigh to
day: Emlle White of San Francisco and
P. W. Wldney of Los Angeles. .;.;.
QUIET as is the world, and promising as are
the prospects of peaceful industry and trade
to all the nations, we are not yet out of dan
ger 01 battle and war. From two centers come inti
mations of strife that menace the peace of the world.
One of these is Port Arthur; the other is Constan
tinople. In the one the fate of Manchuria is in
volved; in the other the reorganization of the po
litical condition of the Balkan states. \
The report from Port Arthur is due to the recent con
ference there of a number of Russian officials of high
rank in diplomacy, war and civil administration. A dis
patch says that among the members of the conference
were Minister of War Kuropatkin, Admiral Alexieff,
the Russian Ministers at Peking and Seoul, the po
litical agents in China and Korea, including Pokoti
loff, recently Russian financial representative at Pe
king; General Dessino, the military agent in China,
the civil and military officers at Mukden, Harbin and
Kirin, and the administrator of Newchwang.
That is certainly a formidable array of dignitaries
to assemble in a place so remote from the seat of
Russian government. .Their proceedings, it is said,
were "enveloped in profound secrecy." The mystery
doubtless augmented the feelings of distrust with
which the conference was watched, and we are told
that the foreign commercial officials at Port Arthur
and at Newchwang are convinced that the probabili
ties of war are increasing rapidly. They hold that
the conference met for no other purpose than that of
preparing for an open rupture with Japan and pos
sibly with Great Britain.
The war rumors from Constantinople are of a simi
lar character. It is said a council of war has been
held at Yildiz Kiosk, and that the Turks have de
cided to send additional troops to the Bulgarian
frontier ready to cross the border at a moment's no
tice. The action of the Turks is reported to be due
MORE WAR TALK
The Servian Legislature is making an -effort to set
tle the debts of the murdered monarchs Alexander
and Draga on a basis of twenty cents on the dollar.
The creditors have set their feet firmly on the propo
sition that if the Servian people held their rulers
as of no account their debts must be considered par
value or the courts will know why.
Dr. T. E. Bailly. gynecologist of St.
Mary's Hospital, left Saturday afternoon
for a two weeks' stay in the southern
part of California. During his absence
he expects to visit the various summer
resorts, including Coronailo and Catallna
Island.
Colonel Charles H. Blinn and wife have
returned from Europe. They went abroad
to visit their son, Holbrook Blinn. an
eminent actor of London. They had a
delightful time in England, France and
Switzerland.
Goodman King, head of the largest jew
elry firm of St. Louis and Exposition
Commissioner to Japan, returned from the
Orient yesterday and is registered at the
Palace. • \.
j. W. Nesmuith of Denver, who is large
ly interested in the Colorado Fuel Com
pany, is at the Palace. .
FIrsti Lieutenant A. H. Potter, U.. S. A.,
who is en route to Manila. Is at the Pal
ace. He sails in two weeks.
Humboldt Gates, the Alaska mining
man, returned yesterday from a trip to
the south and is at the Palace.
•William M. Cutter of Yuba. Chairman
of the Republican State Committee, is
in San Francisco.
Dr. E. Bockins of Chicago is at the
Occidental. *
T. W. Mather, a banker of Napa, Is at
the California.
John M. Vance, a wealthy lumber man
of Eureka, is at the Lick.
J. H. Edwards, a dairy man of New
man, is stopping at the Lick.
Ben Morgan, an attorney of Inverness,
is registered at the Occidental.
Rev. K Smith- Dampier of Winchester.
England, Is registered at the California.
San Francisco would highly appreciate the devel
opment of the scenic attractions of Oakland. A
surpassingly fine view of the bay and mountains is
had from the level land running from Sixteenth street
north. No city has a finer site for a park. Com
mercialism is not occupying it, but the coming con
vention of Oakland ladies should observe that,
though on the windward side of their city, it is used
for a vast garbage dump, and all the overland and
local travel that passes . it looks out upon piles of
filth that fester in the sun, and shine and stink and
stink and shine, like John Randolph's rotten mac
kerel by moonlight.
Mayor Ohiey has right ideas about the city he is
called to govern. If he succeed by help of the ladies
in developing its latent beauty, cleaning it up, put
ting crematory and garbage where they belong, and
ending that hideous, cancerous, pestiferous, fly
breeding veneering of filth', upon which hundreds of
thousands of people look with rising gorge as they
pass West Oakland, he will not only deserve many
re-elections, but a monument in the park that ought
to be where filth now is. ..
The fact is that the charming towns in Switzer
land, with gem-like lakes in front and the Alps be
hind them, are concentrated centers of the spirit of
commercialism. Their people do not trade nor man
ufacture anything. Their business is the fleecing of
the admiring tourist. When they ornament their
water front the purpose is as purely commercial as
when we build docks and slips, coal bunkers and the
various devices required in the passing of commerce
into and through our great cities. We do not say
that this is discreditable to them, but only to empha
size the fact that commercialism in one form is just
as creditable as in the other. Our cittes need beauti
fying. No one denies that, and if these traveled
ladies return with the sentiment which inspires their
letters they can be made a force for advancement in
Maj-or Olney of Oakland has declared his intention
of calling the women together in a city beautifying
convention some time in September. The idea is
original and attractive. Such a convention need not
insist on tearing down the coal bunkers and remov
ing the shipyards which are on the estuary of San
Antonio. If they are in the mood to use the besom
they will find a garbage crematory located in the
midst of the best residence part of their city, against
the protest of every property-owner in sight of its
ugly chimney. The Mayor's convention will find a
scenic water front in Lake Merritt. the finest water
park in the world, but with ignoble surroundings,
though there is no commerce on its shores.
SEVERAL lady residents of Oakland and- San
Francisco now doing the grand tour in Europe
are writing home interesting letters on the sub
ject of scenic and landscape features in cities. These
communications have an antithetical quality. They
praise small places like Lucerne for its hotels and
drives on the lake front, and one writer who has been
in Asia recalls the avenues and drives along the
water front of cities in that part of the world. With
these pleasant memories of boulevards and avenues
along the water the writers want the same at home
and at once. It is demanded that hotels line the
water front of Oakland and that the same be turned
into a flower-bordered promenade, and that the San
Francisco water front, "now entirely abandoned to
commercialism,"' be fixed up the same way.
While these suggestions are so impracticable as to
be amusing, the sentiment behind them is right and
needs only direction to make it useful to any city
in which it is found. The cities in Europe and Asia
which give up their water fronts to scenic and land
scape treatment and use as places of amusement and
recreation are not commercial cities. American sea
ports exist at all for commercial reasons, and if
they were turned into tourist resorts and their water
fronts were given up entirely to esthetic uses, where
would we get our provisions into market and our
coal to cook them, and where, in fact, would we find
the business to^earn the money that enables dur peo
ple to go abroad and spend it in places made beau
tiful for the purpose of drawing travel for the profit
that is in it?
BEAUTIFYING CITIES.
PERSONAL MENTION.
THIRD-STOKY PLANS.
.In the third story will be a sergeant" s desk-
The additions to the Hall of Justice are to
be upon lands to be acquired, but at present
privately owned, easterly from Dunbar alley
fronting on Washington street. It is proposed
to lntermeet the County Jail and the Hall 01
Justice at the level of several floors by means
of a covered • oaesage, sufficiently elevated
above Dunbar alley to avoid interference with
the uae of the alley roadway.
The County Jail will be a six-story brick
structure of an architectural type conforming
to that of the Hall of Justice. It will have
a frontage on Merchant street of 100 feet, on
Dunbar alley 13T feet, 6 inches, and on Wash
ington street 100 feet.- It is to be a slx-ntory.
fireproof structure. The first two stories are
to be of sandstone,' the rest of the building
of brick with terra cotta trimmings.
The ground floor lr to be set apart for use
of the Coroner, space b*ine afforded for a
main office room and a private office, two
witness rooms, an inquest room, an exposure
room, a' cold storage room, a wash room, two
store rooms, chemical analysis room, autopsy
room, recotd room, a vault, boiler and engine
room, corridors, clothes closets and the like.
The main entrance Into the building will be
on Dunbar alley and opens into a vestibule
and main hall from which a stairway and
two elevators will afford access to the upper
stories. One elevator may be 6et apart for
the exclusive use of prisoners.
There will also be an entrance from Mer
chant street.
In the second story will be an office and
four administration rooms for the Sheriff, a
record r<;om, elf sets and vault, a hospital
ward, dining-room, four Jailers* bedrooms,
an officers' dlninjr-room. a commissary store
room, a prisoners* kitchen with dumb waiters
to the uuoer stories and to an outside pas
sage along the easterly side of the building,
a laundry and drying-room, a fumlaating
room. llr.«n closets, clothes closets and lava
tories. The floor of the second story is at
the same helcht as the first floor ot the Hall
of Jueilce.
The site selected for the new
County Jail lies just easterly from Dun
bar alley, and is separated from the Hall
of Justice by this small street. Owing to
the proximity of the sites ft is proposed
that the Jail be connected with the Hall
of Justice by Inclosed bridges.
A statement regarding the proposed im
provement follows:
PLANS and specifications for the
proposed County Jail to be erected
In this city are rapidly nearins
completion. " ,
BRYAN has at last given to the public his views
of the recent Democratic convention in .
Iowa. He explains in the current number of j
the Commoner that he did not speak at first because |
he "had not secured the information necessary for
an intelligent discussion of the situation." He has
now obtained the information and declares the con
vention "was controlled by the reactionary elements
of the party, and the refusal of the convention to re
affirm the Kansas City platform was due principally
to the influence exerted by^ the representatives of
corporations, but partly- to neglect on the part of
friends of the platform."
As an explanation of the way in which the cor
porations captured the convention Mr. Bryan says:
*The corporation Democrats. are in politics as , a'
matter of business;, they assume that their salaries ;
cover their political services and they can attend
conventions at little expense, while the ordinary
Democrat must pay his way." As evidence of the
validity of that theory Mr. Bryan quotes statements
of the Creston American to the effect that in several
counties there were chosen as delegates to the con
vention a number of Bryanites and a number of re
organizers, with the Bryanites in a majority; but
when the time c*ame for the convention to assemble
the reorganizers attended to a man, while a good'
many of the Kansas City platform men stayed at
home. -
The American says: "The Wapello county con
vention, for instance, passed resolutions indorsing
the Kansas City platform. They did not, however,
instruct their delegates. Of the seventeen delegates
selected nine were in favor of reaffirmation, but only
a few of the nine attended, and the majority of the
votes of the county were cast against reaffirmation,
although the county convention had by vote de
clared in~favor of indorsement. Mills County is an
other example. The county convention passed reso
lutions indorsing the Kansas City platform, and yet
the vote of that county was cast solidly against it."
Upon that showing one would suppose Mr. Bryan
as a representative of political principle would call
upon all true Democrats to repudiate the action of
the convention and vote against its ticket. That
would be the logical outcome of his presentation of
facts proving that the convention was dominated by
the representatives of corporations who were untrue
to their constituents. However, Mr. Bryan does not
take that view nor give that advice. On the con
trary, he urges his followers to repudiate the platform
but support the ticket.
In defense of that crooked method of doing poli
tics he says the reorganizers, after capturing the
convention and setting aside the Kansas City doc
trines, were afraid to nominate a reorganizer for
Governor, and adds: "If they had nominated one
of their own kind his candidacy on such a platform
would have aroused widespread protest, but instead
of that they place the party standard in the hands of
Hon. J. B. Sullivan, one of the ablest and stanchest
of the silver Democrats, whose county and Congres
sional district made a gallant fight for reaffirmation.
Judge Caldwell and the other nominees were also
faithful to the party in 1896. The Democrats of Iowa
have therefore to choose, between a good ticket on a
cowardly platform partly good and a Republican
ticket running on as bad a platform as could well be
conceived. What should they do? Vote for Sullivan
and his associates .on the ticket, but continue to
fight for Kansas City platform principles."
As it is unquestionable that the nominee for Gov
ernor has formally accepted the platform on which
he was nominated, it is not easy to sec how Mr.
Bryan can still look upon him as a stanch supporter
of the Kansas City programme. He must be a very
duplex sort of a politician if he can run with the Bry
anites while standing with the reorganizers. The
voters of Iowa will doubtless be keen enough to take
note of the fact, and the country will take note that
according to Mr. Bryan the corporations have in
vaded the . Democratic camp and captured the works.
It will be worth while recalling that next year.
BRYAN'S VIEW OF IT.
THE PROPOSED NEW COUNTY
JAIL. PLANS FOR WHICH
HAVE BEEN PREPARED.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
in four sections. There are to be 7f> «*"••*
feet by 10 feet, and 140 cell- 9 £*t *J *-
feet. The cells are to be constructed of steel
plate* and are to b* seven feet M*°" j^
space above the cells will facilitate J«»tJla
tion. The larger cells ar« to be equipped with
four bunks, the sraaOr with three. " c *»
cell is to have a toilet fixture and wash ¦**¦"¦•
They win be lighted at night by elertrtcU>
through heavy *lass platen In the cellin«. a
light being placed above * n « m «« tln A i ,P?i 1 'i
of the walls of four or two cell*, as tne cas
m f>ui£b" waiters already referred t»wtU afford
easy means of ending food from the kitchen
to the several floors. _«.*.
The roof et the building Is to be flat with
Just sufficient pitch for drainage and wl»
afford outdoor breathing and e«rci»o placo
for th« prisoners. . .
The roflf walla, as well as all stair and
elevator landings, are to be provided wltn
suitable guard railings to prevent escape.
The buildlns U to be heated and ventilated
throughout and will be wired for electric
"* hUrS ADDITIONS TO HAT.L.
Th* several flcor plans and elevations «ub
vltteil herewith «how the proposed .ubdiv
slons of space on each floor. Jund the archi
tectural features of the exterior of tlxe bulld-
Ine are indicated In elevavioa. .
The additions to the H ? U of Justice have
been clanned to occupy all of t$ax porUon of
the tract of lantf bounded by Dunbar alley.
Kearny. Merchant and Washington street, not
now covered by the Hall of Justice. Thw ad
dition U to be constructed and Cnyvata in
s»ri. t conformity and harmony with the main
portions of the building, being an txteaslon
of the eame to the lines of a rectangle bo
as to make a uniform whole.
The basement ot the addition Is to be used
for storage ruoma and stable, feed and harness
rooms by the Police Department. „__,.
On the first floor there wfll be a ltcens»
office, addiuona! rooms for the property clerk,
and .\ private room for the Police Commls
' P the second floor are to be apartment* for
the Grand Jury, a Jury and a stenographer
room for Police Court No. 4 and a Jury
room for Poilce Court N*o. 1.
On the third floor there will be three rooms
for deputies t-f the District Attorney, a Jury
I room and Judge's chambers for Superior Court
No 1 and additional soace that may b* as
signed to t»-« County CUrk.
The fourth floor Is to serve as a separate
prison for the worst class of criminal*
The co*t of construction of the new Countv
Jail ii estimated at W10.C00: the cost of the
necessary Unda to be acquired is estimated
at $116,000. the total cost being *52b.00O.
The co*t of construction of additions to th*
Hall of Justice is estimated at $115,000; the
cost of the necessary landa to be acquired is
estimated at $t 5.00O. the total cost amounting
to $171,000.
room with a search room and arivate room,
a visitors" room with two Drisoners" conver
sation rooms, a chief Jailer;* department, con
sisting of an office, a private office, a library,
a dtnlnK-room. a commissary store room, a
kitehen with dumb waiter*, two bedrooms, a
bath room., a toilet room, closets and the like.
Th!s floor will be at the same helsht is the
second floor In the Hall of Justice. This
floor and others are to be connected with cor
responding floors of the Hall of Justice by
means of a covered passageway. The north
erly half of the third story will afford space
for prisoner*' cells and the necessary corridors
for cuards and prisoners. There will be an
open taltery around the Iisht court on the
floor leve! ot tills and each of the upper
St The*" fourth. * fifth and sixth stories will be
set anart for rrl*onens' cells. All cell space
throughout is to be securely protected with
bars around exterior walls and alone the aiaca
toward the llsrht CJurt. All staircases and
elevator landings, as well as other exits, will
have grill guards. The prisoners corridors
between ard around the eroups or sets of
cells will be barred off from guards corri
dors, and are to be provided with shower
baths and sinks.
The cells are to be so separated by corri
dors that they form sets, affording easy means
of kecpine prisoners of a class separate from
others. Each floor being divided into two
euual halves by the Hc-ht lourt which extends
thioutfh the builume from east to west, there
will be i-evtn main comrartznents containing
ceils. In ench of tnese the cells are arranged
A CHANCE/TO SMILE.
NATIONAL. ROAD— M. S. W.. City.
What Is known in United States history
as the National road was the one to be
built from Cumberland, on the Potomac,
to the Ohio River. On March 23, 1S06.
Congress authorized the President -to ap
point three commissioners to - lay out a
road between the points named and $30,000
was appropriated for the purpose of pay
ing the expenses of the commission. The
road was built as far as Illinois in 1S3S,
the last act in Its favor being on May 23
of that year. The total amount appro
priated was J6.S21.246.
Break Into a Cigar Store.
Thomas Toomey, who was charged with
burglary for breaking Into a cigar store
at 116 Leldesdorff street, agreed to plead
guilty to petty larceny in Police Judge
Cabaniss' court yesterday. The Judge
sentenced him to serve five months In the
County Jail.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles. 50c a pound, in artistic flre
etcbed boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st.. above Call bidg.»
Special -Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Alien's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 104i , •
Northern Nigeria is to have a new po
lice force 1000 strong, recruited In the ter
ritory and on the lines of the Royal Irish
Constabulary.
"Yes, she has a case of 'nerves.* "
"What's that?"
"Well, to be frank, it's the name we use
when a wealthy patient is Just plain
cranky."— Chicago Post.
"He is now, they say. on the very pin
nacle of fame, and yet he isn't exactly In
comfortable circumstances."
"That's not surprising. Did you ever
sit on a pinnacle of any sort."—Philadel
phia Press.
B. Lunder— Funny! I always get "demi
john" and "demagogue" mixad up.
E. Xewltt— Well, there isn't anything
strange about that. The contents are
usually the same.— Philadelphia Record.
True Gratitude.— At Wichita a woman
passing along the street with an armful
of packages dropped her purse, contain
ing 1750. A gentleman found the purse
and returned it to her. "Oh. how grat
ified 1 am," she exclaimed. And .then
she impulsively opened one of her pack
ages and said: "Won't you have a
cookie?"— Kansas City Journal.
And now the bluff of spring, enthusing
! hope.
The housewife turns her thoughts to lye
and soap.
While man. mere man, by stovepipe spec
ters dogged.
Would fain his troubles drench in bock
ish dope.
—Atlanta Constitution.
Much noise and not a little congratulation are be
ing expressed over the fact that the employes of the
Board of Health are making a spasmodic and ener
getic raid upon dishonest milk dealers. The crusade
serves at least one public purpose. It shows us what
our health officials should be doing all the time and
not simply upon occasions for recreation and display.
TUESDAY .' ....j.JULY 14, 1903
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Ktntt All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
Aek for THE CALL. The Operator 1 Will Connect
You With the Department Yon Wish. '
PUBLICATION OFFICE!... Market and Third. S. P.
HDITOnUL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stercoaoa St.
Delivered by Carriers, 2O Ctsl Per Week, 75 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 6 Cents.
Terxst fcr Mall. Znclu<Sln« PoaUf • (Cub With Order):
OAXLT CALL (lncluaio* Sunday ), on« year fSjOO
DAILT CAX*L (including; Sunday). 6 montbi 4.OO
DAILT CALL— By Slacia Month '. TSfl
CL'KDAT ***T.r^ On» Tew 2JLO
WEEKLT r^xix Oa» Tear 1-<W
f Dally... £S.SO Per Tear Extra
PORXXGN POSTAGE. < Sunday.. 4.15 Per Tear Extra
I Weekly.. 1.OO Per Tear Extra
All Foitmaatera ar« authorised to recetT* •'
subscriptions.
Eunpie ccptta will be forwarded wbea rcqaeitcd.
UmM •nbaerSbers la erferlnc rhano of addreu ahoald tie
BtrUcnlar to tlve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
le Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICB.
HIS Broadway Telephone Slain 1083
BERKELEY OFFICB.
XI 4S Center Street Telephone North 77
C. GEORGE KROGXKSS. Man«crr Forrlen Adrer.
tfalDff, Starqvette Batldinff. Chiccso.
(Lone Distance Telephone "Central 2t51».">
WASHINGTON' CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON K. CRAMS 140tf G Street, If. W.
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
6TEPHEX B. SMITH SO Trtbane Building
BRA\CH OFFICES— -327 Montgomery, eoraer of Clay, open
ctrtl »:S0 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 8:30 o'clock. «S9
ICcAHlster, open until 9:80 o'clock. CIS LarkJn. open until
• :S0 o'clock. 1941 Mission, cpen until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market. cors«r Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1098 Va
kaeU. open until » o'clock. 10ft Eleventh, open until 0
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
ucUl • o'clccfc. 2200 FUlmor*. open until » o'clock.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYKG TOWK FOR THE SUMMER
Call tob«rrtbrrt eontemwlatlna- a fbanc* of
residence dnrlnjr, the lamtntr months can hare
their paper forwarded by mall to their nevr
addresses by notlfylBs; The Call Business OOlce.
This paper will also be on sale at all summer
rriort . and l« represented .«r a local •cent* in
all town* on the coast.
The world has moved rapidly in a hundred and
twenty-seven years. Now every nation rejects negro
slavery, makes the slave trade piracy and forbids that
man shall be a chattel. The Jew is free of disability
everywhere except in Russia and the small buffer
states of Southeastern Europe. His emancipation
from all disability has become the humane issue of
this century. It has been accentuated by the horrors
of Kishenev, as the opposition to the slave trade was
by the horrors of the middle passage. Public opinion
in many nations has found voice, but nowhere mofe
emphatically than in the United States. The inten
tion of the President under certain conditions to send
a protesting petition of the people to the Russian
Government was necessary to make the Czar aware
of the force of public opinion here.
The petition is not yet in the hands of the Presi
dent, and no diplomatic exchange concerning it has
occurred. But the Czar has heard the voice of
America and has heeded it, even as this country heard
and heeded the voice of the British abolitionists.
Such justice as is found in Russia has been put in
motion. The public authorities who winked at mur
der in Kishenev have been put under arrest and sev
eral hundred of the murdering members of the blood
thirsty mob ?.re in prison. Russia will not hesitate to
sacrifice them if it be necessary to set herself right
in the opinion of the United States.
Going thus far, she will see farther than she goes.
The massacre was the direct and legitimate out
growth of the disability of the Jews under Russian
law. Whenever a class in any country is put under
legal disability, denied the power to order its place of
abode or to defend itself and its property by legal
means on equal footing with others, it is exposed to
such outrages as that in Bessarabia, which startled
the world. In punishing the murderers Russia is
punishing acts of which the Government is the
cause.
There is no escaping the logic of this statement.
If she punish the effect without removing the cause
she further endangers her authority over her ortho
dox subjects, who are moving uneasily and are rest
less and discontented from the Crimea to the Neva.
Public opinion has found the crease in her armor of
self-righteous autocracy, and President Roosevelt,
representing the people of the United States, has al
ready accomplished the whole effect of presenting a
protest that is not yet in his hands.
The widespread expression of public opinion in this
country against Russian treatment of the Jews fur
nishes another impressive instance of the same kind.
At the time of our Declaration of Independence
every kingdom, principality and power* of any im
portance sanctioned negro slavery. The negro was
believed to be appointed by nature to that sort of
subjection, and the fact that it was the only race
that patiently endured chattelhood was declared to
be evidence that it was divinely ordained to that con
dition. At. the same time the Jew was everywhere
held under some form of disability more or less gall
ing. In his case, too. Scripture was quoted, and he
suffered for the tragedy on Calvary.
THE United States once sanctioned slavery; as
a "domestic institution" in the States. From
; the time that John Quincy Adams defended
the right of the people to petition Congress for its
abolition slavery became the controlling factor in
American politics. The issue was intensified by the
Wilmot proviso and the compromise of 1850. But
from the beginning of the abolition and free soil
movement this country was powerfully affected by
the public opinion of Great Britain. Wilberforce had
led humane England against the slave trade, which
he denounced as "the sum of all villainies,'* and the
movement, which began as a protest against the im
portation of. negro slaves into the jurisdiction* of
Great Britain, had been supplemented by the genius
of universal emancipation, until it could be the boast
of Englishmen that the shackles fell from awlave
when his foot touched British soil.
The Duchess of Sutherland and other English abo
litionists were en rapport constantly with the abo
litionists of the United States. Thompson was
an Englishman, who came here to join the
crusade and was an inspirer of Wendell Phillips,
Gerrit Smith, the Lovejoys and other American
champions of freedom. In modern history, and per
haps in all history, it was the most striking example
of the force of public opinion in one nation moving
public opinion and finally governmental action in
another. It was an illustration of the community of
man. of the impossibility of a nation living unto it
self alone,* in disregard of the good or bad opinion
of the world.
to the continuance of disturbances and the fear that
the European concert will not be able to s keep the
peace. ,'\-
Neither of the reports is sufficiently serious to be
deemed "alarming," for in each case the cry of com
ing war has been heard so frequently that the world
no longer gives much heed to it. Nevertheless the
incessant repetition of such reports is in itself a proof
of the unsettled and uncertain condition of affairs in
North China and in the Balkans. So. long as those
conditions remain we shall never be sure of peace for
as much as a year ahead, and the recurring rumors
serve to remind us that there are still in the world
of international politics a number of active volcanoes
liable to break forth with violence at almost any
unexpected time. .
PLANS FOR PROPOSED COUNTY JAIL
ARE RAPIDLY NEARING COMPLETION
EFFECT OF PUBLIC OPINION.
THE SAK FEANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 14, 1903.
6
Whisper to Your Lady Love
SOMETHING NEW— SOMETHING FASCINATING •
. ¦ ... _ . _
Ode to the Summer Girl
BY MARY E. WHKINS
This Is the First of a Series of Fnll-Fage Pictures, With Catchy
Appreciations by Famous Authors, Which Are Just
as Good for the Bashful Swain as the
Ardent Suitor. . .
IBS SUNDAY CALL 1
Truth, Philosophy and a Laugh in Every Line of the "Letters Froia
a 'Self -Made Merchant to Hi3 Son," Called
U Pastels in Pork No- 3
CHRIS COX'S STRANGE WONDERFUL CAREER OF A
CHINATOWN EXPERIENCES BLIND "CATTLE KING"
\ Yoti'fl Simply Roar Over the Next j
And There's a Splendid Masterpiece in Color, Made Especially.
for Framing,
BRYSON'S "LADY IN GREEN"
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
COLD KILLS THE GERM.
Lieut. Ferry Says There Are No Bald
Heads in the Arctic Region.
The people who come back from Klon-
dike testify to the fact that no native
bald heads are there. The ¦ evidence is
that the cold climate kills the germs that
eat the hair off at the root. Lieutenant
Perry, who went to the Arctic regions,
gives the ""* same evidence. Newbro's
Herpicide has the same effect as the cold
climate. It kills the germ -that eats the
hair off at the roots, and the hair grows
again. Herpicide is the flret hair rem-
edy built upon the principle of destroying
the germ that eats the hair off.i Its phe-
nomenal sale demonstrates the correct-
ness of the scalp germ theory. 8old by
leading druggists. Send 10c in stamps for
sample . to The -Herpicide; , Co.',' ."Detroit,
Mich. -The elephant has a trunk. Have you?
If not.' buy one from Lelbold Harness Co.,
211 Larkln st. Ten per cent off for next two
weeks. All roods marked in nlsln fl«rur<*« •
Plans to Start a Home Rule Paper.
HONOLULU, July 13.— Theresa "Wilson,
the wife of ex-Delegate Wilson, Is plan
nine to start a home rule paper here.
Everybody likes nicely framed pictures
and everybody can have them nicely
framed if they will let us do the framing'
New mouldings, new. mat; boards and
binding papers Just received. Sanborn
Vail &. Co.. 711 Market street • '
Pictures and Frames.
Michael Verduzco and his wife, Ftan
clsca, sued Joseph and Frank Gluseppl
and Madalena FlKone yesterday for ¦ "COCO
damages for injuries received in a fight,
in which Mrs. Verduxco was* severely
beaten.
Damage Suit Results From Bow.
Appropriations Exceed Estimates.
HONOLULU, ; July 13.— The extra ses
sion of the Legislature appropriated J8,
500,000, being $2,000,000 more than the esti
mated ' Government receipts. •
Dr. Li. M. Laib, dentist, has removed his
offices 1 to 5G0 Sutter street. •
The nine Chinese arrested on a charge
of murder, on Indictments returned by
the Grand Jury, must remain In jail pend
ing their trial. Judge Murasky yesterday
rejused to order their release on ball
bonds, as was petitioned for on a writ of
habeas corpus. He ordered the writ dis
missed and the prisoners remanded.
Chinese Are Remanded.
Mrs. Evelyn Aldridge had her ! hopes
that she would not be prosecuted blasted
yesterday afternoon when she and her
husband, William Aldridge, were booked
at the City Prison by Detectives O'Dea
and Mulcahy on five charges of petty lar
ceny each. She was employed for a short
time in William Baron's cloak house, on
Market street, and is accused of having
stolen five garments. Her husband was
employed In a bowling alley. „
Mrs. Aldridge's Hopes Blasted.
HONOLULU, July 13.— The body of the
late Judge Wilcox will be given a' public
funeral. Flags are everywhere . at half
mast and all of the courts have adjourned
as a n?ark of/ respect to his memory. It
Is expected that there will be a great as
semblage of officials, whites and Ha
wailans at the funeral to do honor to the
distinguished jurist.
Funeral of Late Judge Wilcox.
Marco Arraigned in Court.
Charles Marco was instructed and ar
raigned in Police Judge Cabanlss' court
yesterday on a charge of grand larceny
and by consent the case was continued till
Thursday. He is accused of having stolen
jewelry and coin of the value of $7000
from Mre. Bertha Kline, who accompa
nied him from St. Louis to this city to
start a restaurant about a year ¦ ago.
Marco fled and was traced to Chicago by
Mre. Kline and arrested. He was brought
back on Saturday night by Detective Di
nan.
Petitions in Bankruptcy.
Petitions in bankruptcy were filed yes
terday in the United States District Court
as follow*: W. Q. Orr. locomotive engi
neer. Berkeley, liabilities $565, no assets;
T. 8. Kaney, saloon and hotel keeper,
Dummuir, llablliUc» $2719; no asset*.
William Wilson, 1020 Treat avenue,'se
cured warrants from Police Judge Caban
iss yesterday for the arrest of John Re
gan and two others on a charge of assault
with intent to do grievous bodily Injury.
Wilson is a nonunion man and was work-
Ing at the American Steel and Wire
Works, where there is a strike. He alleges
that Regan and the two others, who are
strikers, attacked him on Saturday night,
knocked him down and kicked him on the
face, arms and body.
Warrant for Strikers' Arrest.
DULUTH, Minn., July 13.— Alderman
George Tischer was to-night charged in
an open meeting of the City .Council with
having solicited a bribe of.J75.to be used
in furthering the Interests of an applica
tion to conduct an employment office.
Tischer indignantly resented the charge,
but the Council ordered an investigation.
Accused of Soliciting -Bribe.
When the case of Joseph King, former
pugilist, charged with assault with a
deadly weapon on Chan Cheung, Chinese
merchant, in a restaurant on Jackson
street Sunday night, was called in Police
Judge Conlan's court yesterday, the
Judge was informed that Chan was seri
ously ill. Dr. Buckley was in constant at
tendance upon him, and, it was reported,
would allow no one to see him except his
Immediate relatives. King was instructed
and arraigned and the case continued till
July 2L ,IUi-<;
Chan Cheung Seriously HI.
LONDON, July 13.— The Unionist free
traders held another, meeting to-night un
der the chairmanship of Sir Michael
Hicks-Beach, former Chancellor of the
Exchequer, In a committee-room of the
House of Commons. A Unionist Free
Food League was formally organized and
it was announced that a large campaign
fund was accumulating. The league will
Immediately start an educational crusade.
An appeal will be made to Premier Bal
four to set an early day for a full fiscal
debate. ¦
Unionist Free-Traders Form League.
The evidence was to the effect that the
night was calm and clear, that the Cas
tle Rock was lying at anchor In the
straits and that the Onisbo ran into her
at full speed. The bow watchman on the
steamer reported to the pilot that there
was a ship ahead In the stream. Jarvis
swore that he saw the ship 400 feet away
and that he tried to port the helm, but
the helm refused to work and the steamer
at full speed collided with the ship.
The inspectors found Jarvis guilty of
negligence and unskillful ness. The follow
ing occurs in their opinion: "Had he
stopped and backed his engines at full
speed instead of going on full speed ahead
he would have avoided the collision."
The license of Pilot William C. Jarvis
was suspended yesterday for six months
by Captains O. F. Holies and John K.
Bulger, United States local Inspectors of
steam vessels, for having run the steamer
Onisbo into the ship Castle Rock in Car
qulnez Straits on the night of June 18.
The Inspectors found that the steamer
had been damaged to the extent of $2000
and that four plates of the Castle Rock
had been broken.
His License Suspended Because of
Collision Between the Onisbo
and Castle Bock.
PILOT JABVIS MAY
BEST SIX MONTHS
Because of the mistake of a well-mean
ing but careless neighbor, the infant
child of Mr. and Mrs. Lulgi Lirata of C63
Chestnut street lies on a slab in the
Morgue, poisoned.
Little Gluseppl, for that was the name
his parents gave him, was only S days
old, and the doctor had prescribed syrup
of rhubarb for him. On Sunday after
noon Mrs. Susa Sansamino, a good-heart
ed neighbor who had been nursing Mrs.
Lirata, was requested by the mother to
give the baby a dose of rhubarb. Mrs.
Sansamino mistook a small vial of lysol
for the rhubarb and gave tha baby half a
teaspoonful of it. The child went into
convulsions and before the doctor could
be called it had died.
The vial containing the lysol was la
beled "For External Use Only" and the
word "Poison" was written with pen and
Ink, but the requisite death's head and
crossbones were missing. The shock has
made the condition of the mother very
grave.
Mrs. Sansamino Gives Little Giu
seppi Lirata Lysol Instead of
the Prescribed Rhubarb.
FIVE-DAY-OLD INFANT
POISONED BY MISTAKE
Hongkong- Maru Is at Honolulu.
HONOLULU, July 13.— The steamer
Nippon Maru will sail for San Francisco
at 10 o'clock to-morrow morning. The
Hongkong Maru arrived to-day from San
Francisco.
Mr. and Mrs. A. T. Love have returned
from a sojourn at the Rl^rslde Hotel at
Glen Ellen, Sonoma County. V. ;
The Misses Huntlngton are entertaining
Miss Virginia Nokes at Piedmont.
Mr. and Mrs. James. Miss Hogg and
Miss Callaghan are at San Jose.
Miss Bessie Bowie returned on Satur
day from an extended trip abroad and
is being warmly welcomed by her friends.
Mrs. Gus Taylor will entertain her
cousin, Mrs. Eugene Murphy, and Mr. Eu
gene Murphy upon their return from Del
Monte,' where the Murphys are spending
their honeymoon.
Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Costigan, nee Nash,
are at present at Del Monte.
An elaborate dinner was given* by Mr.
and Mrs. H. H. Bancroft last week at
the St. Dunstans to Professor and Mrs.
Hart and Professor and Mrs. Palache
of Harvard. Among those present were
Paul Grlfflng and Philip Bancroft, grad
uates of Harvard, and Miss Lucy Ban
croft, who has Just returned from Eu
rope.
Mrs. J. C. Crawford gave an Informal
tea yesterday afternoon at her home, 2226
Post street, complimentary to Miss Boyd
of Plttsburg, who is her guest at pres
ent. A number of friends dropped In
during the afternoon to meet Miss Boyd
and enjoy a cup of tea. The afternoon
was most pleasantly spent.
Miss Mary Josselyn Is being extensively
entertained in Honolulu, where she is the
guest of Mrs. Allle Hatch.
• • •
Captain and Mrs. McCalla and the
Misses McCalla have given up their quar
ters at Yorba Buena Island and moved
to Mare Island, where they will reside
for the present. The McCallas will be
greatly missed in this city, where they
were active in society and the ruling spir
its in affairs for charity. Prior to the
departure of the family for Mare Island
Miss McCalla was the guest of Mrs. Cool-
Idge at the Presidio. The Misses Mc-
Calla intend visiting Santa Cruz next
month, chaperoned by Mrs. Harrington
of Colusa.
LIMA, Peru, July 13.— Both chambers
opened to-day in perfect order. The ses
sions were occupied with preliminary
business. Isaac Alzamora. on behalf of
the Civil party, and Pedro Osma, the
president of the Democrats, signed to day
a settlement of^thelr political differences.
Peruvian Legislature Opens.
SOCIETY WILL
GREATLY MISS
THE McCALLAS
An Interlocutory decree of divorce was
granted by Judge Murasky to Charles
W. Liebscher from Olga Liebscher for
cruelty.
Suits for divorce were also filed by
Mary T. Tubesing against J. B. Tubesing
for desertion, Mary F. Smith against
Walter G. Smith for neglect and Agnes
Tuttle against James K. P. Tuttle for de
sertion.
Isaac Selby, the Australian minister,
who a few days ago filed a suit for $25,
000 damages against Donald McRac, a
furniture dealer, for alienation of Selby's
wife's affections, will have a chance to
answer a few charges himself within a
short time. Yesterday his wife, Theresa
Beatrice Selby, to whom he was married
at Auckland In 1SS6, and whose affections
Selby claimed were won by McRae, filed
a suit for divorce against him, charging
him with cruelty. She not only asks for
a divorce, but for the custody of their
three children, whose ag*-s are 14, 13 and
11 years, and for monthly alimony.
But one charge is made by Mrs. Selby
based upon the suit for damages brought
by Selby against McRae. She says that
the filing of the suit has caused her the
keenest mental agony and charges that it
is the result of Fplte on the part of her
husband. In connection with this she
cays that for years Selby has worried,
traduced and menaced her by his threats
to expose her to public shame and oblo
quy by exposing her alleged relations
with McRae. and that the suit Is but the
carrying out of her husband's plan to
cause her shame and suffering.
Helene E. Greer Is at a loss to account
for the violent dislike she alleges her
husband, Percy H. Greer. conceived for
her within two months after their mar
riage In May, 1S39. Rather than Buffer
further mental torture of the sort she al
leges she has had to undergo since her
husband's love turned to hate she has
sued for divorce. Her peace of mind has
been destroyed, she says, and she there
fore asks the court to give her freedom.
Frank H. Seawell, a druggist. Is the de
fendant in a suit for divorce brought by
Ada Seawell. to whom he was married at
Redwood City in March, 1901. Mrs. Sea
well says her husband is cruel to her and
she accuses him of threatening her life
with a knife, a pistol and a razor. She
also says he dragged her by the hair
through the hallway of their home and
slapped, choked, beat, cursed and abused
her. She asks for a divorce and $30 a
month alimony.
If Morrissey Is able to prove what he
claims he will have established a com
plete alibi and the authorities must look
further for Nelson's assailant.
Up till June 9 or 10 I was employed ae a
teamster for the firm of Farn»worth & Ruggles,
on which date I w«nt to Stockton and accepted
a Job on the ranch of J. C. Smith & Co..
•where I have b«<?n employed every day until
I told Chief Walker my name and was placed
under arreit. Mr. Wilson, who U a foreman
on the ranch, came to see me while I wu In
Jail at Stockton and he telephoned to my father
to find out what I was charred with.
Mr. Wilson and all the ranch hands, and
also the company's books will show that I have
worked at the ranch steadily sine* June 11.
Ab to the Teamsters' Union card which was
found, I can't account for that, except that
when I left the employ of Farnsworth & Rug
gles, I left on my wagon an old coat and
overcoat, and It Is probable that I left th*
card In one of the pockets, as since my arrival
In Stockton I have been unable to find my old
card.
Morrissey will this morning be dressed
in the clothes left on the beach at the
time of the robbery and Nelson will make
another attempt to identify him.
Morrissey states that he Is Innocent and
that he Is prepared to prove an alibi.
Morrlssey's father visited him at the
Hall of Justice last night and the two
held a long conversation.
Morrissey made a statement last night,
as follows:
Nelson was immediately summoned to
the Hall of Justice for the purpose of
identifying the prisoner. After a close
examination Nelson indicated by shak
ing his head that he was unable to Iden
tify the man before him, but later stated
that he was not sure as to whether it was
tho right man or not, and asked that the
prisoner be dressed In the clothes which
were left on the beach by his assailant.
They went Immediately to the Hall of
Justice, where Morrissey was locked up
and his name placed on the detinue book.
Morrissey was dressed In a blue shirt
and a new suit of clothes. He wore his
hair close cropped, but otherwise his ap
pearance corresponded with the descrip
tion of the man Nelson claims he spent
the day with on the beach on June 13
last.
Detective Ed Gibson arrived in this city
last night from Stockton with Frank
Morrissey, who is suspected of having
assaulted and robbed Herman Nelson on
the ocean beach on June IS last.
Kelly 6tates further that last February
he demanded of the directors of the Sutro
Railroad Company that they take action
to prevent the giving of the properties
of the company into the control
of the United Kallroads, but that
no attention was paid to his de
mand. He eays further that he would
have railed a meeting of the stockholders
to protest against fuch action, but that he
felt it would be useless because the large
«tockhold*T8 were under the control of
the United Railroads.
Continuing, Kelly alleges: "That said
Sutro Railroad Company had no author
ity or power, either under the laws of the
State of California or under its articles of
incorporation or under the franchises
granted to it from the city and county of
San Francisco to sell or transfer its prop
erties or right* or privileges to the United
Railroads, or to sell at all; and that the
sale was and is void, and that the United
Railroads had no power or authority to
purchase the properties; that the acts of
the Sutro Railroad Company and of the
United Railroads are beyond and outside
the powers of each, either through their
boards of director* or through a majority
cf their stockholders or three-fourths of
their Btckholders; that by reason of said
unlawful acts the said railroad company
is in danger of losing its properties, fran
chises, privileges and rights, and is in
danger of having Its franchises forfeited
and taken from it, both from the State
and city, and by reason thereof the said
stock of the Sutro Railroad Company will
become worthless and of no value."
There i» dissatisfaction among the mi
nority stockholders of the United Rail
roads, as vat etated in The Call a few
days apo. The appeal to the courts,
which, this paper etated would be the re
sult of the continued growls of the dis
gruntled ones, occurred yesterday, when
Joseph A. Kelly, a stockholder in the Su
tro Railroad Company, a corporation ab
sorbed by the United Railroads, filed a
euit to declare the sale of the road void
and for the restoration to the stockhold
ers of the "possession, use, control and
management of the Sutro Railroad Com
pany's franchise, properties and privi
leges." He asks that a receiver be ap
pointed to take charge of the road pend
ing the trial of the suit. The suit is
brought against the Sutter-street Railroad
Company and R. F. Morrow. Joseph L.
Schmitt, E. Durbrow. D. Friedenrich and
\Y. G. Morrow, its directors, and the
United Railroads.
Kelly, who own* twenty shares of stock
in the Sutro P-ailroad Company, bases his
suit on the action of the directors of the
company in transferring to the United
Rcllroad? the entire possessions of the
compj* ¦¦'• without the consent of the mi
nority s-.ockhoiders. He claims that such
action was void because of the failure to
secure a unanimous consent of the stock
holders. He alleges that the United Rail
roads is a foreign corporation, organized
for the purpose of monopolizing the street
railroad buslneFs of this city, and that in
accordance with such plan it combined
and confederated with the principal stock
holders of the Sutro Railroad Company to
bring about a transfer to the United Rail
roads of the possession of the Sutro Rail
road Company.
Kelly claims that the mere acquirement
of these possessions does not give to the
United Railroads the right to conduct a
street railroad in this city, and that the
corporation has, therefore, been conduct
ing its business without warrant or
authority from this city.
In support of his claim he alleges "that
the United Railroads did, for the purpose
of acquiring the Sutro Railroad Company
property, conspire with the principal
stockholders thereof and thus obtain con
trol of three-fourths of the stock of the
road, so that the eald road was under the
absolute control and guided by the will
of the United Railroads; that the said
holders of three-fourths of the stock
called a meeting, and at said meeting,
without obtaining the consent of the re
maining stockholders, voted to transfer
to the United Railroads the entire plant,
roMlnj? stock and possessions of the Sutro
road."
PHILJUDELPHIA. July 13.-General
John Q. Lane of this city died to-day at
the home of his son-in-law in Atlantic
City, N. J. General Lane fought through
out the Civil War at the head of an Ohio
regiment. He was wounded a number of
times and early In the war was brevetted
brigadier general for conspicuous services.
On one occasion, with 800 men, he blocked
the advance of the Confederate army un
der General Hood and received credit for
saving the Union army of the West.
General John Q. Lane Dead.
So Says Mrs. Selby, W*fo
of the Australian
Minister.
Herman Nelson Pails
\ to Identify the
Prisoner.
Kelly Piles Threatened
Suit Against United
Railroads.
M0RRISSEY MAY
PROVE AN ALIBI
DIRECTORS' ACTS
ARE QUESTIONED
DAMAGE SUIT
DUE TO SPITE
Colonel John WeJr, a irell known min
ing 'man of New York and Mexico, who
has been prominently identified with the
Guggenheim syndicate In its operations
in the southern republic Is a guest at the
Palace, having Just returned from. Chi
huahua, where he recently purchased one
of the biggest tracts of timber land that
has ever been sold In that country. Act
ing for himself, Paul Morton, vice pres
ident of the Santa Fe road, and Walter
S. Eddy, the Saginaw lumber king. Col
onel Weir closed a deal a few weeks ago
wherein 2,500,000 acres of timber land ly
ing north of the city of Chihuahua passed
to their control. The property was owned
by the Garcia estate of the City of Mex
ico and is said to have been disposed of
to Weir at a comparatively low figure,
one that will yield to Morton, Eddy and
Weir a good sized fortune in the way of
profit when they decide to turn it over
to other parties. The land is heavily
wooded with white pine, yellow pine, ce
dar and a nondescript species of pine
commonly known as "black Jack." The
soil is rich and well watered .and when
It is eventually stripped of its wood it is
expected that it will become one of tho
richest regions in the republic for farm
ing purposes.
In order to make the tract available for
lumbering purposes its owners, according
to Colonel Weir, are already contemplat
ing the construction of about sixty miles
of railroad southwest from Terraxas, tho
southern terminus of the Rio Grande,
Sierra Madre and Pacific Railroad, or
about fifty-five miles northwest from Mln
aca, on the Chihuahua and Pacific road,
the connecting link in the new system of
the Kansas City, Mexico and Orient Rail
way. In either case the projectors of the
road figure that it will result In the con
struction of the few more miles of line
necessary to complete another road across
Northern Mexico from El Paso to the Pa
cific by way of Mlnaca and the Orient
road. ' Colonel Weir stated yesterday that
a project was already on foot to have a
portion of the ' newly acquired territory
colonized by Boers, who, he had been as
sured, would be willing to leave their own
country If ample assurance were given
them that success would attend their un
dertaking In the new world.
A communication from E. " P. e. Troy,
complaining of the methods used by the
Spring Valley Water Company. in collect
ing Its bills, was received. and placed on
file. & r - ¦•**.
A permit was granted to the California
Sugar' Refinery to construct a ten-inch
pipe along Twenty-third and Michigan
streets in order to convey crude oil to its
refinery on Louisiana and Twenty-third
streets.
Sundry bills, amounting to $6362 40. were
passed by the board. . . . - . .¦
Ellis street, between Larkin and Polk,
and Carl street, between Stanyan and
Willard, were accepted by ordinance.
The ordinance to prohibit the game" of
fantan and other gambling games behind
doors inaccessible ,to the police was pass
ed to print. The ordinance had been
amended in committee so as to provide
for a fine of $500 or six months' imprison
ment, or both, for any one convicted un
der the ordinance.
The ordinance providing penalties for
any person who Interferes with the equip
ment of the fire and police telegraph
alarm systems was passed. The penalty
is $500 line or eix months in the County
Jail, or fine., and imprisonment.
The petition of property owners In the
Mission that tho city acquire the old
Jewish cemeteries located at Dolores,
Twentieth, Church and Eighteenth streets,
and use the same for park purposes was
referred to the Committee on Public Util
ities. The bodies interred In the ceme
teries were removed some yearB ago and
the trustees offered the property to the
city, but terms could not be arranged.
STJRPLTTS FUNDS TRANSFERRED.
A resolution was adopted carrying the
following unused amounts from the ap
propriations to the general fund, the same
to be used for the purposes designated:
For the expenses of the trial of Cordelia
Botkln, $4000; purchase of lands known
as South Park, $10,000; construction of a
smallpox hospital, $7500; from the surplus
fund of 1901-02 for the construction of a
smallpox hospital, $7ujO.
A resolution was finally adopted providing
for the appointment by the Mayor of a
board of trustees for the disbursement of
the funds of the Exempt Firemen's Relief
Association. The board Is to consist of
five numbers of the association, each to
hold office for four years. The relief for
dfs ability Is not to exceed $25 per month
nor $50 for funeral expenses.
Mayor Schmitz sent a communication
to the Supervisors saying that the De
partment of Electricity had informed him
that it had recently passed a resolution
requesting the Mayor to have a resolu
tion adopted to provide for positions In
the electrical department. The Mayor's
letter explained that this did not mean
that new appointments were to be made,
but to secure the validity of the present
appointments in accordance with the
charter. The matter was referred to the
Finance Committee.*
HOSPITALS MTJST BE FIREPROOF.
An ordinance was finally adopted pro
viding that all hospital buildings erected
in the city must be not more than four
stories high and built of fireproof ma
terial.
A permit was granted to the Yosemlte
Club to hold a boxing contest at the Pa
vilion during the month of August.
The petition of Gray Brothers that nine
months be granted to them before t^iey
close their stone quarry at Clipper and
Douglas streets was sent to the Commit
tee on Streets.
0FFEKS RAILROAD TO THE CITY.
In accordance with the charter, the
Presidio and Ferries Railroad Company
ottered Its franchise and equipment for
sale to the city, this being In reply to a
recent resolution of the board that the
quasi-public corporations be requested to
make offers of their property to the city.
The company offered Its franchise and
property to the city for a sum equal to
the total amount paid into its treasury
by the stockholders. It also asked 5 per
cent interest on the amount until the
same was paid by th§ city and stipulated
that the city must assume all debts of
the company, if any existed at the time
of purchase. The company agreed, in the
event of a sale, to deduct the amount of
dividends paid its stockholders since the
<5ay of its Incorporation. The matter was
referred to the Commute on Public Util
ities. \ .
Supervisor Braunhart then Introduced
a resolution that the clerk of the Super
visors be authorized to- communicate
with the United .Railroads Company and
request the corporation to at once com
ply with the specifications and carry the
work to completion as speedily as possi
ble, i <
IS ASKED TO ELECT McCOMB.
The legality of, the position of Justices'
Clerk, now being held by George S. Mc-
Comb, was brought up by a resolution in
troduced by Supervisor Comte. Comte's
resolution was to the effect that the Su
pervisors elect McComb to the position
he now occupies in order to make his
standing perfectly legal.
Mayor Schmitz desired to know from
Comte if such action would also author
ize the payment of salary to McComb un
der the provisions of the charter. Comte
replied that he did not know.
Supervisor D'Ancona was of the opin
ion that it would be ill advised for the
board to elect McComb until further legal
advice had been given the board, so as
not to conflict with the recent decision
of Judge Sloss. The resolution of Corate
was therefore referred to, the' committees
on judiciary and finance.
The petition of the Lincoln Athletic
Club to hold a 'boxing contest at the
Mechanics' Pavilion on August 2 was re
ferred to the Committee on Police.
The delay In the repaying of Third
street was the most important subject
taken up yesterday by the Board of Su
pervisors.
Last week a complaint was filed by
property owners and business men on
that street calling the attention of the
Supervisors to the bad condition of the
thoroughfare. The matter was referred
to th6 Committee on Streets and that
body made its report yesterday.
Supervisor Braunhart said he had been
in communication with the Board of Pub
lic Works and that body had Informed
him that the United Railroads Company
was mainly responsible for the condition
of the street in question. Tho Board of
Public Works had written to the officials
of the United Railroads calling their at
tention to the fact that the corporation
had not made its improvements on the
street in the time stipulated.
To a request by the Board of Publio
Works that the railroad company send a
reply as to when it would finish its work
no answer had been sent.
Colonel Weir and Others Buy
2,600,000 Acres in
Chihuahua.
Legality of Position of the
Justices' Clerk Is
Taken Up.
American Capitalists In
vest in Southern
Republic.
United Railroads Taken
to Task by the
Supervisors.
SECURE TIMBER
LAND IN MEXICO
DELAYS PAVING
OF THIRD STREET
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 14, 1903.
7
[CALIFORNIA
MISS
NANCE O'NEIL
FAREWELL WEEK.
To-Nlght. To-morrow Xlght and Saturday
Matinee.
ROMEO AND JDLIET
Thursday Night— "ELIZABETH."
Friday. Saturday and Sunday Nlghta —
"MACBETH."
Next— XEILL-MOROSCO COMPACT ta
"IN THE PALACE OF THE KINO."
TIVOLRS5&
Every Night This We»k. Saturday Matin**.
Last Performances o*
WANG,
With EDWIN STEVEN9 In the Title Role.
NEXT WEEK
CAM1LLE D'ARVILLE
Will Appear Under Special Eagarement la
"The Highwayman"
With EDWIN STEVENS as foxy Quffier.
POPULAR PRICES 23c. 50c and fijp
Telephone Bush 9. *
DeXolta; Bailey and Madison; Hodges
and Launchmero; Charles Dic'csan
and Company; Mosbor, Houghton.
and Mosher; Young: and De Voie;
Julian Koj.0, the Biograph and
LAST WEEK OS" % .
MABEL McKINLEY,
Favorite Niece of the Late President
McKlnley.
Raaerred 8«ats. 23c: Balcony. 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chairs. 60c.
ALCAZARTe-T
Oen. M«r.
ANOTHER NOTABLE TBITTBCPH.
TO-NIGHT— THIS WEEK ONLY.
WHITE WHITTLESBY
And a Great Alcazar Cast In a Magnificent
Production of Anthony Hope's
THE PRISONER
OF ZENDA...
Ergs..25c to 73c; Mat.Thurs. It Sat., 13c to 80c
Next Monday— MR. WHnTLESET In U» First
Stock Presentation of
Hall Calne's Famous Play,
We are filled with much joy, oar new baby's a
boy.
He is sturdy — strongr-lunped, but the noise
don't annoy.
Come to see him, he's twins, he's our great
"double bill."
Tou'll feel good to be here, for with laughter
you'll thrill.
THESE
'I-- IS
..¦r^; 1^ 1 no
SUCH
WOBD AS FATL WITH X7S.
"Under the Red Globe" combined with "Th»
Three Musketeers." Another tremendous, bis
hit. Come and Judge for yourselves.
Seventh and Market Sts.
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING).
POLITE VAUDEVILLE.
The Great Zano; Robinson and Grant;
The Newmans; The Burroughs; The
Three Euhns; Krafft and Daley;
Harry and Carrie La Kola; Clin-
ton Montgomery and the Bioscope.
/ PRICES— Night. 23c. 20c, 13c. 10c; Matinees.
2Oe and 10c.
Phone for Boats — South 1022.
THBEE TS2SXS LHCTUKX3.
Academy of Sciences Hall. Tuesday. 8 p. sm..
"The Course of Empire and What Next?**
Thursday. * p. m.. '"The Eastern Question.'*
Saturday. 8 p. m.. "The Millennium— When?
Where.". By E. J. Hlbbard of Healdsburg Col.
Use. Excellent music. Prof. Beardjlee, director.
USun BS 0 sH <fe!k. US K9 m *jLev Kl 39 ffm
rrjEi U Sf *-! ft'sf wtm RS iSOc I El G9
Mr.ur:..u..,*;.Lijy.K..!^.^^^ Klj xniantB ana Vfjuiaxeii.
Kind You Have
p^^^^^^^i I AJwavs Bought
I A\^getablePreparationforAs- m -
lingthcStomacteardBow^sor j9 B83XS th.0 M t
Promotes Digestion.CheerfuK- As f »f Ijv
ness and Rest.Contains neither :S r fL J* m%
Opium.Morphine nor "Mineral. M Ul #f\ \\J
Tvot Narcotic. y fliVVvP*
jakveafOUjySAKUELlTtCnXR ri l|/\
/imyJtm Seui" » M 1 fiT 9
W/fr X Hop
Aperfecl Remedy forConsBpa- ffll W UOU
lion, Sour Stomach, Diarrhoea tag I 1ft/
Worms .Convulsions .Feverish- $| i &P^ F#%m ftirrtp
j\eas and Loss of Sleep. || \ s^ r » | U I U V U I
Facsimile Signature of *J|
<£<#&^ i Thirtu YpfirQ
XEW YORK. W I II II IV lUUlO
THC C«NT*U* COMMNY. RCWTOM eiTT,
ADVEBTISEMENTS. , ' .", ,
I tasbeentsforetkeputKcasanealtJi-
I ful an! d.eligktful t everage for sixty
I years. Pabst Beer is served daily
§ on tke tables of a million of the best
I families in America. Pabst I3eer
I is tbe kind you will be proud to
8 serve your friends at the-home table
j Orders filled by
Is •*•»- — -" W. Collins & Co., Telephone Grant 149- iiw^nwl
AKUSTnvrFyTs.
THIS WEEK ONLY.
Matinees Wednesday and Saturday.
AMELIA BIN6HAM
And Her Company, Presenting HadJon Cham-
ber»' Powerful Play,
A MODERN
MAGDALEN
First Time Here— 300 Nights In New York.
Next Week— AMELIA BINQUAM la
"THE FRI8KY MR8. JOHNSON."
Proprietor*.
Market Btre-t, Near Klthth. Phone South 633.
TO-XIGHT— LAST WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
Th* Favorite Comedian,
JAMES CORRIGAN
I In the Funniest of All Farce Comedies.
MULDOON'S PICNIC
Brimful of Amusing Specialties! '
Songs, Dances. Medleys, Burlesques!
PHICFS Evenln * 10c to 5Oc
I ftlVLJ Matinees 10c. 15c, 23o
Monday, July 20— MR." HERSCHEL MAY-
ALL In a Grand Spectacular Production of
"FAUST." _
GRAND 8SBH
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
- - LAST FIVE NIGHTS - -
RAYMOND A JTD CAVEBI.T
And Our Superb New York Co.
1 IN CENTRAL PARK |
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT
Flnt Time In This City of the Famous Musical
Eccentricity,
I IN WALL^ STREET |
Secure Your Seats Now 23c. 80c.. 73c
FALLUBASTILE
(FRENCH NATIONAL CELEBRATION),
TUESDAY. JULY 14, 1903.
DAY .............. AND NIaHT
AT THE_€HUTES.
LITERARY EXERCISES CONrrn-n
FIREWORKS (MODERN) ,t"t p. nT
GRAND BALL EVENING
ADMISSION 25c. Children 10c.
"'SErti-KSr 1 ft ! raoon - Be « In « 1:30.
English Oration by Stephen V. Coatello. •
Palace D0NT fail to
laiaw iee the b^jfc,
j COURT Lounging-
5Jflfl room, the EMPIRE
UUU PARLOR, the
C~~~A PALM ROOM, the
tin! flU LOUIS XV PAR.
n^i,, DIES' WRITING
Motels RooM - • ,California Souvenirs. Great variety <at
Sanborn &. Vail'a. 741 Market street •
SALT LAKE, July 13.— Arrangements
have been concluded for a twenty-round
contest in this • city the latter, part of
this month between' Aurelio Herrera and
Oscar Gardner'
Herrera tc Meet Oscar Gardner.
WASHINGTON. July 13.— United States
Minister Bettupre cabled to the State De
partment : to-day from Bogota that the
Panama canal treaty was dragging alone
before the Colombian Congress. Ho does
not indicate its chance of ratification.
Canal Treaty Dragging Along.
DETROIT, Mich.. July 13.— Tom Cooper,
the bicycle rider, was operated on for ap
pendicitis to-day. Cooper's trouble is said
to have been developed from a strain sus
tained on July 4 at Lexington, Ky.
Noted Bicycle Bider Is HI.
NEW YORK, July 13.— Shamrock III
had no opportunity to-day for the antic
ipated first test since the change in her
sail area by stepping a new mast. .. Sir
Thomas LJpton, on the "Erin, and the two
Shamrocks left the Erie Basin early to
day and were tow*d by the Upton tug
to Sandy Hook, where they, lay at moor
ings for the remainder of the day, for the
greater part in a drizzling rain and wind
too light for racing. Sir Thomas expects
to race the Shamrocks to-morrow.
No Wind for the Shamrocks.
EL RENO..O. T., July 13.— Lieutenant
General Nelson A. Miles arrived at Fort
Sill to-day and to-morrow morning at 4
o'clock he will leave there for a ninety
mile ride on horseback to Fort Reno. Re
lays of horses are arranged for each ten
miles of the distance ami every precau
tion has been taken to Insure the long ride
being made within the scheduled time.
General Miles Is familiar with every part
of the route,' having hunted and soldiered
In this section for, years.
Ninety -Mile Bide for Miles.
SALT LAKE, Utah, July 13.— A deal was
consummated In this city to-day where
by J. M. Reynolds of Butte and W. V.
Garret t of Spokane secure control of the
Salt Lake team In the Pacific National
League..
Acquire Salt Lake Baseball Team.
R. II. E.
Los Angels 0 0 0 10 0 0 0 1—2 M 4
Portland... 2 0003 00 0* — 6 10 1
Batteries — Gray. Drlnkwater and Spies; Hogg
and Hess. Umpire — Levy. .
PORTLAND; July 13. — Portland won to-day
by superior batting and errors of Los Angeles.
Gray was easy for Portland and they made two
earned runs In the first Inning. Drlnkwater
vu substituted in the second and pitched good
bail until the fifth, when two hits, together
with two errors by Los Angeles, netted Port
land three runs. Hogg pitched good ball and
held the visitors down to six bits. Attendance,
roou: Score:
Portland Defeats Southerners.
Archie Cameron, aged 16 years, residmg
at 240 Ninth street, had the fingers of his
left hand so badly injured by a planing
machine yesterday that he nad to be
taken to the Central Emergency Hospital
for treatment. Dr. Harvey found it nec
essary to amputate two joint? of the in
dex linger.
Boy's Fingers Badly Injured.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, July 13.— The sum
mer meeting of the Columbus Driving
Park Association opened to-day. Re
sults:
2:30 trot: purse, 1S0O — Roblzola won the
second and third heats and race. Time. 2:15)4,
2:17ft- Patclien Maid won the first heat In
2:14V«.
2:18 pace: purse, $1000 — Rampart D. won
in straight h«ats. Time. 2:12*4. 2O3H.
2:24 trot: purse, S1U00— Joymaker won in
tvo straight heats. Time. 2:13*;, 2:14%.
2:20 pace; puree, $««00 — Five Points won la
two straight heats. Time, 2:12)4, 2:10V&.
Trotting Races at Columbus.
William Hester, residing: at 310H Clem
entina street, had his left foot and leg
badly crushed by the wheels of a passing
wagon at the Fourth-street drawbridge
yesterday. Hester was tpken to the Cen
tral Emergency Hospital, where his
wounds were dressed by Dr. J. V. Leon
ard. There Is some doubt about saving
the leg, as the bones were ground under
the wheels.
Hester's Leg Badly Crushed.
Eva Russell had a quarrel with a male
companion over money matters at 5
o'clock yesterday morning at 624 Kearny
street. In her desperation she secured a
bottle of carbolic acid and swallowed a
portion of the poison. Policeman D. Ho
gan took the woman to the Central
Emergency Hospital and after working
over her for some time the medical at
tendants pronounced her out of danger.
Woman Attempts Suicide.
Wrlffht, Dery AVnrldrll.
Second Knee—- Jin J or Tenny, KU
morie, Marco*.
Third Race— Proceeds. Flo Bob,
Fourth. Race— Bondage, Hariris.
Mtratr.
Fifth Race— Stevedore, The- Major.
Walnamolnen.
Sixth Race— Lingo, Fading? Llsrat.
Jaubert.
LOS ANOKLE?. July 13. — Th« statement
sent out by the Associated Press yesterday to
the effect that'. Herman W. Hellman had ac
cepted the presidency of the Farmers" and
Merchants' National Bank was an error. Mr.
Hellman has accepted the presidency of th<t
Merchants' National Bank. Ha was formerly
vice president of the Farmers* and Merchants*
Bank, of which I. W. Hellman la president.
The first ceremony of the Young Men's
Christian Association Jubilee Week will
be held next Thursday afternoon, July 16,
and Is to be devoted to a mothers' meet
ing. The exercises will be of special in
terest to boys. Mrs. John F. Merrill,
chairman of the mothers' tribute commit
tee. Is to preside over the deliberations.
There is to be music and short addresses
are to be delivered by Mrs. Merrill. Mrs.
Isidore Lowenberg, the Rev. A. H.
Brlggs, D. D.. Rolla V. Watt, president of
the association, and the general secre
tary. Every woman in the city Interested
in the work is invited to attend. The
meeting will open, at 3 o'clock.
Work in the Interest of Boys.
WASHINGTON PARK ENTRIES.
CHICAGO, July 13. — Washington Park's en
tries for Tuesday are:
t £'"$«£***• 5 furlon KS— Martina 108. Honest
John 10S. Salray 108. Blumenthal 103, Fon
casta 10t«. Instructor 10S. Atlantlco 108. Oudon
108. Father Tallant 108. Wm. Wri*ht 10».
r£ te \, J - r 5 ?.™'? , 108 ' Ga >o»* 1<». Apolllnarls
105, My Alice 10&, Alamode 105. Durbar 105.
Hindllene 105, Nellie Cromwell 105. Dunnui
non 105. Bery Waddell 105.
Second race, mile and one-elffhth. selling—
K lmorle 01. Major Tenny 9a. Carat lttl.
Miracle II 104. Slap Dash ICG. Bard of Avon
100. Marcos 107.
Third race, five and a half furlonrs. E«Jee
water Stake— Flo Bob 123. Ed. Tlerney 121.
Lonsdale 121, Batts 121, Proceeds 121, Fred
Leppert 121. English Lad US, Sanctum IIS.
Silk Maid 115. Peter J. Somera 113. (Ensltfh
Lad and Fred Leppert. Cook entries.)
Fourth rac«. mile and one-eighth, handicap
— Hargls 112. Bragg 110. Nitrate 106. Schwalbe
Fifth race, six furlongs — Henry Bert 124
The Glrer 122. Scorpio 121. Stevedore 119'
Walnamolnen 117. Luckett 113. The Major 113
Christine A. 108, Glendale 103. Capable 10o!
Marry Flight 98.
Sixth race, mile, sellinc— Foxy Kane 107.
Jaubert 107. Ed Adack 100. Bluemint 104.
I.lniro 103. Litson 101, Alum Water 09. Marlln
90. Fading Light 84.
Weather clear; track fast.
WASHINGTON PABK SELECTIOITS.
(By the Chicago Inter Ocean)
Firnt Race — Onnsmnnon. WilllSm
Nelson Wins the Match Race.
PROVIDENCE. R. I.. July 13— The
ir.atch race between De Guichard and
Nelson, twenty miles, motor-paced, for
$1000 a plde. was won to-night by Joe Xel
son. who defeated the little Frenchman
by four and a quarter laps, covering the
distance In rS:201-5.
Since his arrival in San Francisco the
Embassador has evinced a deep interest
In our methods of cold storage and has
asked those who have been attending him
on his trip* to furnish him with all the
information they possess regarding the
subject and especially as to the methods
in vogue on the transportation lines for
the handling of perishable products.
Italy, as is the case with France, Is
far behind the balance of the world, and
particularly the United States, in Its re
frigerating customs and it is thought
that the Embassador, realizing this fact,
Is making a study of our methods with
a view of preparing a report to his Gov
ernment on, the matter.
It is his intention to give a public re
ception Saturday evening at Washington
Square Hail between the hours of S and
10. when he will be pleased to meet his
countrymen.
WILL GIVE RECEPTION.
The Embassador returned yesterday af
ternoon from his visit to Astl vineyard,
where he showed a marked interest In
the progressiveness of the Italian-Swiss
colony and expressed himself as well
pleased with the hospitality shown him
by those who undertook to entertain him
during his stay there. To-day he expects
to attend the celebration of the Fall of
the Castile as the guest of the French
Consul-General.
In a few days the Embassador's sover
eign is to visit France as the guest of
President Loubet and in view of this ap
proaching event his excellency regards
It as a pleasant privilege to join with
the members of the local French colony
in celebrating a day which all French
men loyally observe.
Asked last evening as to how long he
expects to remain In San Francisco the
Embassador replied that he contemplated
making a stay of at least ten days, dur
ing which he hopes *to visit the typical
little Rome, known as Black Diamond,
hear Martinez, San Jose and Stockton
and possibly the University of California
at Berkeley and Stanford University at
Palo Alto, for he Is deeply interested in
all American Institutions, particularly
those of an educational character.
Among the speakers of the evening
will be Mayor Schmitz, who will formally
greet the distinguished visitor on behalf
of the city, Major-General MacArthur,
Count Grimanl. Italian Consul; Dr. Paolo
de Vecchl; G. Almagla, editor of 1/ Italia,
and possibly Governor Pardee, who has
been invited but up to a late hour last
evening had not notified the committee
of his acceptance.
RETURNS FROM ASTI."
Chevalier G. Calegaris, president of the
Italian Chamber of Commerce and chair
man of the committee which has in
charge the plans for the entertainment
of the Embassador, will preside at the
banquet and S. Sbarboro will act as
toast master.
Mayor des Planches, Italian Embassa
dor at Washington, will be the guest of
the Italian colony at a banquet to be
given at the Palace Hotel this evening.
The arrangements for the affair are very
elaborate and it will be attended by a
number of the representative citizens of
the city other than members of the Ital
ian colony.
Mxth race, six furlongs, three-yea r-clds and
up — Lenarka 99. St. Daniel 107, Lux Cast a TJ J
King Pepper 115, John A. Scott 107. If You
Dare 115. Isle of Wight 92 Counterpoise 101.
Colonel Rorer 105. Orloff 104, North-rn Star
Fifth race, six furlongs, two-year-olds, sell-
Ins — Dinah Shad VQ, Ruby Hempstead 10t>
Thistle Heather 104. Charlie Fisher lie. llar
bcr iO7. Jlr Step 107. Short Cake 10*. Lumin
osity 104. Sailor Knot 1 <•"_'.
Triird race, mile and an ei^th. handicap —
Hunter Raine 12«. Thorneycroft 117, \V. R.
Condon llti. Elliott 116, Cardinal Woolsey lift
Daly 110, Ccrswell 106. Tugai Hey 107.
Fourth race, six furlongs. Glencove handi
cap — Eupenia Burch 117. Astarlta 117. Mino
taur 110, Sir Voorhles 10S. John A. Scott 10j>
Pt. Daniel 107. Invincible 103. Royal Sum
mons lwl. Captain Blllle Lee 100. Gravlna 103
Tarn o' Shanter 102, Profitable 97, Cinquevalll
100, MennenCeld »0.
Second race, mile and a sixteenth — Turnpike
P«. Neither One Wi. Knight of the Garter 101.
Colonel Padd*>n 101, Gibson Light VXt Ros
tand «i». F^r'.y Eve ICO. Nevermore 102, Anak
11«. Har Le Due 1C7, Dark Planet 1C4. Jus,
tloe iwi. Trump HH>, Ella Snyder 09, Cincin
nati W. Courter.ay 100.
First race, five and a half furlongs, two
year-olds — Fine Fleur 107, Letola 107. Sweet
Gretchen Iu7, Petunia 107. Communicant lt.7.
Bur.nyelde luT. Rowena 107. St. Homa 107,
Foriiel 107. Huth Parrish 107. l'ristina 107.
White Plume 107. Nine Pin 107. Short Cake
107. Hydrangea Io7. Dinah £had 107.
NEW VORK, July 13.— Brighton's entries for
TiK-kday are:
BRIGHTON BEACH ENTRIES
The Ladles' Auxiliary, under the auspi
ces of the Young Men's Hebrew Associa
tion, will hold its annual public installa
tion to-night at the Association Hall, 13T9
Page street.
After the officers are installed refresh
ments will be served and a dance will be
given in the social hall of the association.
The officers who will be installed ars:
Mrs. A. Rush, president; Miss T. Sterling,
vice president; Sarah Cohn. recording sec
retary; Juliet Hayman. financial secre
tary; Bertha Cohn. treasurer.
Friends of Ladies' Auxiliary of
Young Men's Hebrew. Association
to Welcome Executive Staff.
INSTALLATION OF OFFICERS
WHX BE A SOCIAL EVENT
Italian Colony Prepares
an Elaborate Affair
for To-Night.
WILL BANQUET
DES PLANCHES
t=T. LOl'IS, July IX — The entries for to-mor
row are:
First race, five furlongs, selling— Bessie Klr
l>y MO. Ea«ter Walter* 110. Bush Smith 110.
Carycta 110, Oria 110, Lona S 110, Allegreue
110. Marie Sicne 105. Pinky li la'..
St-cond race, six furlongs, selling — Trialmore
I«i7. Iverraa 105. Laroogre 112. Tenny Belle 107.
I'n* Price 112. l>r. Clark 114, Kentucky Mudd!e
US. I.- ¦:> Aiialen* 105. Certain 107. Wild Katie
112. Mollie T 110. Grantor 114.
Third race, five and a half furlongs, purrc —
Enigma Itw. V. :'. :•-¦ : L 110. Town Aliiore US.
Imp Pretension 110. Kl!o 4C5. Woodlyn lOfc,
Lord H<?rm*Tice luv Matt Wadlelgb Iu5, liril
!iant« 10s. Lustig 113.
Fourth raee, six furlongs, handicap— StarJ
Pet WU. Frank Be'A 11.1, Two Lick ft*. Maltster
103. F<~ur Leaf C «>, Martinmas 103 Helen
Print 10*.
Kifth race, one and an righth miles, selling
— Book Se oka U0. Tempt 100. Kenyonwood i»5
Hanson l'JC. KJmrs Pet 102. Varner 107. Carrie
Hope 10>>. Baronet ltS.
Mxth rere. cne mile and seventy yards, purse
— Bucclrutli 102. Lunar 9H. Handrplnner 02
Ocldrn Glitter 100. Bengal 104 Mvnhe?r loo'
Lvea G DC. J»m Clark 104.
Weather clear; track fast.
ST. XiOTJTS SELECTIONS.
• n.v the New Tork Telejrraph.)
l"ir«i Itao« Dash Smith. Alle-
Cr.lt.-. I'inUv B.
m S ZS? nA n Rm ?Z — J 7 *"""*". KentncUr
Mnddlr. Or. Clark.
Third liner Matt Wadletch. Bril-
HontK. Kilo.
Fourth Ra«« Fonr Leaf C, Stand
Pat. MaUter.
Kifih Hare Ilaronrf, Davrnoo.
Varnrr.
"•Imth Haee — HaBdiplDner, Jim
Clark, Mynheer.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES
' A dispatch received by Captain Martin
las^ night from Detective Thomas L.
Ryan, who Is in Tacoma, contained the
information that he would soon start for
this city- with George Roberts. Roberts,
who Is a bunko man, was arrested In this
city on a charge of grand larceny, and
after a preliminary examination was
bound over to the Superior Court, bonds
being fixed at 11000 by Judge Cabaniss.
Upon the calling of the case in the upper
court he failed to put in an appearance.
A bench warrant was Issued for his ar
rest and he was located in Seattle. De
tective Ryan was sent to the northern
city to bring him back. Roberts took ad
vantage of every technicality to resist ex
tradition. Several weeks ago the officer
started for this city with his prisoner,
but upon arriving at Tacoma he was
stopped by two deputy sheriffs, who took
the prisoner from him by virtue of a writ
of habeas corpus.
Detective Ryan has been in the north
ern country for more than two months
In an endeavor to bring back Roberts,
and during that time has made several
trips to Olympla and appeared before the
Supreme Court on several occasions. It
appears that the northern officers placed
every obstacle in his way to prevent him
taking the bunko man and the local po
lice are much gratified to hear that he
will be speeding southward soon.
George Roberts, Who Jumped His
Bonds, Being Brought Back
to. This City.
BUILDING WHERE MANY
SCHOOL CHILDREN WILL
RECEIVE TRAINING.
Will Take Day Oft Next Sunday and
Recreate in Fernbrook
Park.
The members of the Retail Fruit Deal
ers' Association of San Francisco will en-
Joy an excursion and picnic at Fernbrook
Park, Nlles Canyon, next Sunday, July
19. All retail fruit stores will be closed
on the day of the outing.
The membership of the association num
bers more than five hundred.
Following: is the list of the committees
having charge of the excursion:
Arrangements — J. Del Carlo, chairman: f*.
J. Witt, vice chairman: John H. Dtimbrell,
treasurer; J. I* Polito. secretary: G. Fonge.
Floor — John H. Dumbrell (manager). F. Rlc
coral and O. Fonge (assistants). N. BaldoccL
E. Lorenzlnl. D. Delplno. L. Blanchlnl.
Tombola — L. Gotelll (chairman). M. Conn. C.
Grossllcht. R. Johnston. E. Domenchtnl, A.
Lutvlsi, A. Canapa, L.. Muzio.
Reception — George Gianinl. John Campo
donlco. I>. Biact. F. W. Butler. A. Jacobs,
Thomas Burns. V. Chtuda. John Demartlnt. J.
Eveleth, Charles Magginl. John Isola. C. Li;-.t.
A. Runyon. W. Minaker. J. Pastene, Jay T.
Na.«h. M. Corrtea. N. Gill. Frank Buckley, B.
Trobock, John Wetmore. D. E. Allison.
RETAIL FRUIT DEALERS
TO ENJOY AN" OUTING
118. Avignon 04. Earl of Warwick 107.
Weather cloud}-; track muddy.
BRIGHTON BEACH SELECTIONS.
(Ey the New York Telegraph.)
Klrnt Ilric-«> — Nv»cet Circtcben, Pe
tunlu. I,<-toln.
Second Knee \fv*rmorf, Knight
of the Garter, HI In Snvder.
Third Itn.-f — W." It. Condon, llnn
ter llainc, Thornejrcroft.
Ponrth Hare— Invincible, Mino
taur, I'uKenliT Hnrch,
Fifth Race— Laminoaitr. Short
Cake. Sailor Knot.
Sixth Kaoe Northern Star, Lnx
Cunt a. If You Dare.
WASHINGTON*. July 13. — Washington won
mainly through the pitching of Lee, who held
the vtFltcrs to three singles. St. Louis* fielding
was poor. Attendance, CCO. Score:
R. H. E.
Washington 4 8 2
St. Louis , 2 ti 4
Batteries — Lee and Klttridge; Sudhoff and
Kahoe.
NEW TORK. July 13.— Detroit began the
series here with a victory over Griffith's team.
Smith btole home with the winning run while
O'Connor had stepped away from the plate to
argue with the umpire. Attendance, bJ>0.
Score:
n. .h. e.
N>w York 3 0 0
Detroit 4 9 2
Batteries — Chesbro and O'Connor; Donovan
and McGuire. »
AMERICAN LEAGUE
R. H. E.
St. Louis ¦* s ¦*
Philadelphia « » 3
Batteries— Brown and J. O'Nell; Sparks and
Zlmmer. Umpire — Moran.
CINCINNATI, Ohio. July 13.— Cincinnati won
by bunching hits in the seventh. Taylor was
not hit as hard a* was Halm, but the latter
kept many of the hits scattered. Attendance,
£CW: R. H. k
Cincinnati 5 8 3
New York '. 4 10 1
Batteries — Hahn and Bergen; Taylor and
Bowerman. L'mptrf — O'Day.
PITTSBURG July 13. — Boston won In the
flr*t Inning with four hit*. After that Wll
h*>im kept hits scattered until the ninth, when
three hits and three errors scored four more
runt. Malarkey kept the hits well scattered
throughout. Attendance, 2000. Score:
R. H. E.
Plttsburg 3 « 3
Boston ..." S 12 «
Batteries — Wllhelm and Smith; Matarkey and
Moran. Umpire — Emelle.
CHICAGO. July 13. — Brooklyn won in the
thirteenth Inning, after two men had been put
out. two hltn following Tinker's wild throw of
Garvin's *asy grounder. The game was loose
ly played on both slde». four l!ghtnlng-fas>t
double plays by the locels being the only fea
ture?. Attendance, 14C0. Score:
Chicago 4 . I
Brooklyn • 8 4 ''
nattertes— Menefee. Kunilgren, Kllng and
Cook; Garvln and Mcrtln. Umpire — Johnstone.
ST IjOUI5. July 13. — At no stage of the
game were the loeais dangerou*. A catch by
Wolverton In the last Inning was the feature
cf the game. Attendance 20uO. Score:
f>r*<HE Jesuit Fathers of St. Igna-
II tius Church in this city are tak-
II Ing 2< deep an interest In building
** up the bodies of the lads and
young men under their charge as
they are in attending to their spiritual and
mental welfare. The plan of the Rev.
Father Illckey, S. J., to establish a strict
ly modern gymnasium in the college ha«
been adopted. Much of the parapher
nalia has already arrived at the college
CHICAGO AND BROOKLYN
PLAY A TIRESOME GAME
Cincinnati Defeats New York by
Bunching Hits in the Sev
enth Inning.
NATIONAL l-EAGUE.
DETECTIVE RYAN LEAVES
TACOMA WITH PRISONER
and has j been put in place. Before the
close of rext month the gymnasium will
be complete.
Besides the students of the college, the
members of the Young Men's Sodality
will have free use of the rooms, which
are designed to be perfect in every detail.
A few months ago the Jesuit Father*,
who also have charge of Santa Clara Col
lege, built a. gymnasium there and it be
came Immensely popular with the stu
dents from the start.
ST. 1X>U1S. July 13.— This was an off
day at Delmar Park. Outside of the
fourth race there was no particular fea
ture. In the fourth race Bas d"Or defeat
ed Maud Gonne and Taby To*a In an
impressive manner. Summary:
KIRST RACE — Four and a. half furlong»,
l>tttnpt. Hor*e Weight. Jockey. St. »«• Fin.
]i; to r— JcS'-lthrlft. 11" .IU-11) 1118
".*i to 1 — liufitler. U'7 iKauntlemy). 2 2 2 3
IS to I — Dusty MiMer, HO (Kelly). :t i :il'4
Time. :"i. Btart :>o*>r. Won ea^iiy. WJn
twr. «;. G. Mo?-hi«r a. Co.'p ch. c. by In/-)!Js
t>r-Adf.lld. r-nian lOtr. Port WarJon 110,
Clrn Csher 11<». I^amont 110. Tom Howe 1«»;.
Ad CrnitJi 1X9. 1'otter lilt also ran.
SECOND RACE— Six furlor.Bn. t» llirpr
Hettinp. I! "*. VOISht, .'ockey. ?i. \. Fin.
ft 10 2— !)<¦'.:>• Gray. !in <L».Aurtin) It 2 1 > a
K to 1— Msf.ie. M illowell) :t 1 2 »?
:: to 1— Kittle Ct a l*h. tCi (Sheaj 7 3 3 U
Tlnte. :::«:>¦.. Start go.nl. Win driving.
Wmnt-r. T. P. Hayes" b. f. by «t. Gejrs*.
I'almetto. Lady Charlotte l<Hi. Irf'lia May \)\
:¦:.--. l(«i. lh>lly llayman !<3. M.rtJeaf let,
i:rr:r.-.a Xlr»-er S»7. Uou iJeaih *.<S. Cre/FtJa '.»•».
i:!uegr£»» Girl li« also ran.
THIRD RACE— Five and a hair furling*.
I ur^e:
15ett;aK. Hor»e. Weight. Jockey. ?t. \. Fin.
7 t > :. -F<rehar.d. 1<»> (Iliggln*). 3 1 1 2
¦i to 1 -Major fYlham. 115 <Dale>. 2 :: 2 &
*; to 1— Jehane. ;<:."i .JI.UcKikPr). . ; 2 *«
Tirr.f. 1:O%. Start rood. Wen easily.
Winn. r G. t\ Hennett * i'o.'m ch. c. by Hand-
Ml-CteCMCm. V.i C »am itB. l^-e.-h 108, QdUH
<U 1W». Orient 312. Bride 105 also ran.
FOfRTH RACE— One rail* and seventy
yard*, purse:
BetMng. ilor»e. Weight. Jockey. Ft. 3* Fin.
to 2— 8m dOr. K«» «Hlrgin«).. 2 1 1 «
7 to ?— Tsby T-is-s. :«7 .Faur.tlry) 1 3 2 «
4 t« — Maud Gonne l<rS (Booker) 3 2 3
Time. 1 :40X». Start good. Won easily.
Wlr.n.r. \\ . Mulke>-» ch. g. by Dochart-
Coiden Slipj*r.
FOl'RTll RACE— Seven furlor.gs. selling:
l>ttimr. }!or?e. Weight. Jockey. S;. % Fin.
fl to IV— MI5S M. Day. 107 iSmith) 3 5 14
3 to ¦••».: !¦¦<; .i> Hall) 1 1 2 lo
3 f> 1 — Orleans KM (Earl) 4 S 3 n
Tirr.e. l•.2^^,-" Start fair. Won driving.
IVlaacr, \V. W EXfiotfa br. «n. by H'rinfni-i!-
Aa!« l^ln. Do^kln 07 Duela »7 Mi»s tio
lightly »«•. J;maUing 111. NablocVl'srh 109.
yuUkMIver Sue V'7. al*o ran.
SIXTH RACE — One and a sixteenth railei.
WHIni"
Betting. Horsw. Weight. Jockey. St. *« Fin.
;; to 2 — Orpheum. s > (Howellt... 2 1 In.
:»s to 5 — Mcrt. Feorfse iW (Shea) 4 H 2 h
to 1 — Murmur. K" <D. Auctln). 12 3 4
Time. 1 :T<<*. Start roor. Wen drivlr.g. Wln
r«-r P ' J Nolan's b. c. by Ornament-Blanche
J i! Sardiaa 9.», Virgle d'Or lU'i. Pjnho 101,
also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call
NEW YORK. July 13.— Visitors to
Brighton Beach race course to-day were
confronted with a track heavy and slip
pery, the worst fince the meeting began.
De»pite cuch unfavorable conditions, the
racing was good for the class of horses
engaged. The steeplechase was «-?pecial
ly interesting. Almost for three parts of
the journey Walter Cleary and Tankard
ran brads apart. Tankard was first to
tire and Walter Cleary. well handled by
Ray. safely !ai..!t-l the heavy sums wa-
K<;ed on him. Although the others were
well beaten, there were slngular'.y few ac
cidents. Two horses fell at one jump.
The*-.? w>re Hold Ray and Tour Grace.
Ga.«gar fell Jn the home stretch and his
rider eU<\ twenty feet. Summary:
FIRST RACE— fix furlongs; selling: 2-year
oidi:
Hetilng. llors>*. Weight. Jockey. Pt. *; Fin.
6 to 1— Sailor Knot. PS <l-nrscn> . . 2 3 1 Vi
7 t.j lo— Tom Veil, 102 tO"Nelll> 1 1 2 «
« ti. 1— Sir Walt. ,V< (MrCaflVrty).. 3 2 3 S
Tin;? 1:15 4-5. Start fair. Won cleverly.
'Winner H. F. Movers" b. c. by The Sailor
Prince-Sea Bud. Blower 103, Fair order 113,
ait ¦ ran.
SECOND RACE— Abcut two miles; cteeple
< ha**-: ?Wling:
iicttlng. Horse. We'ght. Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
4 to 5— Walter Ci»«ry. 1K3 <Kay) 8 1 1 15
4 to 1— Tankard. IS3 (G. Ureen).. 2 2 '2 15
3l» to 1— iJidy fU.lnor. 132 (O'Uon
nclil 7 4 33
Tim*. 4::j.V Mart fair. Won easily. Win
ner. J. W. foil's l>. g. fcv Oandl«>mas-Kanawha.
May Harrison IXi, HJgbie 153. King Edward
IX'. Libretto II 1415. Uawrar 1 It;. Gold Ray 132,
Your Orace 1-!U, also ran. "
THIRD RACK— One and an eighth miles;
handicap; 3-*'ear-olda and up:
Batting. Hur*e. Weight. Jorkey. St. *; Fin.
2 to 1 — HA Mot. 121 (Gannon)... 3 3 In
r. to 1 — Himself, 112 (Creamer)... 112 8
SO «o 1— S»tauket. 115 (Treubei). . . 5 » 3 2
i.-7 lRlt '' J;-' 5 ,?- 5 - Star t Poor. Won driving.
Winner. H. K. Rowell's b. h. by Flujames
yue*ns. Taste. Andy Williams US Satire 110
I>. Ureen 113, also rnn. '
FOURTH RACE— Five furlong?, the Distaff
•takes, fillies, two- year-olds:
Betting. Home. Weight. Jockey. St «i Fin
.» ta 1— Possession. ION <Bullman)..10 « 1 a;
I lo 5 — MonsoGn. 105 (Redfern) 1 3 « v
« to 1— lit* <Uurns) '..'. 7 & 3 n
Time. 1:02 2-5. Start fair. Wen driving.
V\ inner. Cox* b. f. by R«<ju!tal-Ketalned II.
Memorlam 1U>. Cyprlenn* M5. Ulad Hmlle ia\
Turquoise Hlue 10.'.. Komobo 107. Piryutte 110
Leda Ueb lu'>. also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Mile and a sixteenth, selling,
three-year-old* and up. ridden by boys who
never rorte m winner:
letting. Horse. Welitht. Jockey. Ft *i Fin
20 to 1— Anklet. }>4 tSoott). .......•«" i* 1 •""
h to 1— The R<«gent. US (Farham) 1 2 " 1
* to J — Carroll l>. 106 (Racine)... a 3 ;{ 3
Time. 1 :52. Start bad. Won easily. Win
ner. O. li. Hills ch. f. by Ornament-Maggie
Oay. K. Carter W». Beverly 1Ch». Nodo sa
Flora l«s, I>ocne US, P. Bailey 107, also ran.
SIXTH RACE— Six furlong*, three-year-old*.
rurse:
Hfttlnff. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St \ Fin
7 to t— TTl5t?*se. 100 (Burns) 3 1 1 ;'
* to 3 — Albany Girl. IOiJ (O'Neill) 12 2 6
25 to 1— Nult Blanch. 100 (Haack) 2 3 3 1
Time. 1:1b 4-6. Start poor. Won eaully
Winner, R. W. Walden's b. f. by Bowling
Brook-La Ml*er#re. Thoughtless 106 Show Girl
1C0. Queen H*u!a ICO, FaKtoral lwi. E. Shen
perd K<J. Bolina 1C7. Helen C 8 lOt; Bethel
Uray Um. lUby M 103, Cappamore 1(HJ, also
ran.
Special I>!*patch to The Call
SIXTH RACE— Five furlongs purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin
3 to 1— Silk Maid. 105 (Wonderly) 2 114
" to 2— Witchcraft. 112 (Henry).. 7 5 21
4 to 1— Shawana. 108 (Adkln?) 6 3 3 1
T lme - Jj 00 2 " 5 - Start good. Won easily.
5 l ? ne £ »¦ , K - L S w i" & Co> " b - '• »>y SSS
Kate Pelletler. Trompeuse 112 Susie Chris
tian 105. My Jane 100. Miss Moliie 100 Badger
Girl 10S. Vallarambla 100. Grief 100 also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Mile and twenty yards lell
ing:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
0 to 1— Harry. 90 <H. Phillips)... 5 111
5 to 2— Lampoon. 97 (Helgesen).. 4 4 2 h
. to 2 — Capt. Arnold. 100 (Robblns) 3 3 3 1
Time. 1:41 4-5. Start poor. Won eastly.
Winner. M. H. Tichenor & Co. 'a ch. g. by Hin
doo-La Esmeralda. Ontonagon 102. Miracle
n .A W - F 3 ank M 104 - Kunja 90. also ran. Aline
Abbott 99. left at post.
FOURTH RACE— Seven and a half furlongs,
selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
To ° 1- Bar rlca. 100 (Adktns). .. 6 * 7 1 2»4
17 t0 .i~ A1 * e - 102 < H - Phillips).. 3 5 2 2
nL° 10 -r T . rttver9 - 1OS <k TViI«on> 6 2 3 n
Time. 1:33. Start good. Won easily. Wln-
« er - &, E Parks- b. m. by The Bard-Rica.
Hot 103 Orfeo 100. Red Tip 1W. The Ken
tucklan 110. Egg Nogg 94 also ran.
THIRD RACE— One mile, purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
« to 5— Bad News, 112 (Davis)... 2 2 1 1*4
o to 2— Bondage. 100 (Robblns)... 5 4 2n
12 to 1— Postmaster Wright 110
(Henry) 6 ( 3 <i
Time. 1:40. Start good. Won putted up.
Winner. Woodford & Buckner's br. g. by Fly
,"¥ Du Jchman-Black Sleeve. Airtight 09. Mary
Glenn 1C5. Byways 05. Sid Silver 102. also ran
SECOND RACE— Six and a half furlongs,
puree:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
5 to 1— Elsie L. 97 (Helgesen) 2 4 1 h
3 to 5— Runnels. Ill (C. Gray) 4 5 2 4
11 to 2— Golden Rule. 118 (Doml
nlck) 3 2 3n
Time. 1:19 2-5. Start good. Won In fierce
drfve. Winner. M. H. Tichenor & Co.'s b. f. by
St. Leonard-Elsie. Rhola 03, The Crisis 93,
also ran. '
CHICAGO. July 13.— A barrel of money
was burned up at Washington Park, when
Elsie L, 5 to 1 In the betting, defeated
John A. Drake's sprinter Runnels In the
second race. Runnels was heavily played
by Drake and his friend*, who forced the
price from even to 3 to 5. Jockey Gray
got Runnels off In a good position, but
he kept the horse back until well into the
stretch. Klrle won the verdict by a noae
at the wire after a fierce drive.
The original fifth race was declared off
on account of numerous scratches and
a selling affair was substituted.
Twenty constables were engaged for the
fourth time by Attorney Cantwell, acting
for E. E. Farley, the turf man ruled off
at Detroit, to serve warrants on officials
and bookmakers at Washington Park to
day. Only one constable was admitted to
the track. He served the warrants on
the men. The men arrested were Law
rence Young, president of the club; Sec
retary Howard and nine bookmakers. The
bookmakers had been arrested in the pre
vious raids. They at once glive bonds
and racing went on as usual. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs, telling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
7 to 2— N. Hodge, lft-j (L. Wilson). 5 111
9 to S — Ag. LawIs, 10CI (Helgesen). 3 3 2 2
9 to 1— Ralnland. 103 (Henry) 2 8 3n
Time. 1:H 3-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. W. Darden & Co.'s ch. f. by Rosslng
ton-Mrs. Lane. Soldier of Fortune 101. General
Steward 1«{. My Ester 97. Sauerkraut 100.
Banwell 100. Mlngore 103, Frank Carr 05, also
ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call
In addition to the championship tro
phies offered by the citizens* committee,
the Potter Hotel Company has put up
two valuable cups for men's singles and
ladies' singles.
Men's Singles— H. F. Fuller beat O. A.
White, fr-4. 6-2; Mr. Wallace beat J. R. H.
Wagner, S-4. (M; A. Spauldlng beat A.
Keeney. 6-1. 6-0: Eugene Overton beat L.
W. Redington. 6-3. 6-2; Dr. Seger beat II.
W. Mellen. 4-6. 6-4. 6-2; Frank Carter beat
Arthur A. Alexander. 6-1. 6-1; Horace
Donnell beat B. O. Bruce, 6-2. 6-0.
In the ladles' singles Miss May Button
beat Mrs. Hendricks, 6-3, 6-3. and Miss
Florence Button beat Mrs. Seymour, SS,
6-3.
The features of the first day's events
were tennis matches, which opened at the
Potter Hotel courts this afternoon, and
In which nearly all the best players on the
coast have entered. To-day's play re
sulted as follows:
Several of the yachts from southern and
northern port?, which were scheduled to
arrive last night, had not put In an ap
pearance at the hour fixed for the races,
owing to delays en route, but all will be
In to-night and a double programme will
be on to-morrow. The harbor is well
filled with all classes of boats from
schooner rigged yachts to the small flsh-
Ingr craft. aJl classes having been entered
for trophies.
SANTA BARBARA, July 13.-The mid
summer tournament of sports opened to
day under the most favorable auspices.
The programme, which covers thirteen
days, embraces tennis play, yacht races,
polo. golf, water polo, pony races, rowing
and other sports. There Is a large at
tendance of spectators and contestants
from Northern and Southern California
and Arizona.
Miss Mae Day Scores Again
in the Seven-Furlocg
Sprint.
Tennis Flayers Contribute
to the First Day's
Programme.
Gasgar Falls in "the Home
Stretch and Throws
His Rider.
Heavily-Backed Sprinter Is
Beaten by the Mare
in a Drive.
Interesting Tournament
Begins at Santa
Barbara.
Wins Steeplechase at
Brighton Beach in
Clever Style.
St. Louis*
Outfoots Maud Qonne
and Taby Tosa at
Jesuit Fathers Believe That Young Men Under Their Charge
Should Be Well . Developed in Body as Well as in
Mind Before Taking' Up the Great Battle of Life
Elsie Lt Gives Plunger
a Jolt at Washing
ton Park. v
BAS D'OR WINS
FEATURE EVENT
WALTER CLEARY
BEATS TANKARD
DRAKE'S RUNNELS
LOSES BY A NOSE
SUMMER SPORTS
DELIGHT CROWDS
MODERN ATHLETIC PARAPHERNALIA
INSTALLED AT ST. IGNATIUS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 14, 1903.
8
ADVEBTIg'g'wrpTTTS
| MEN, WOMEN, HERE
• Is Health and Strength
I tttCcn. Sick and weak people: I can cure
I A j^gTa>e| tnousanas of others. I can make
> &J3Lm the b ' ood circulate in youp veins,
* tBvjlT ! he nepves tinjrle with vigorous
» F*S&8] I anc * l^ 8 s Pi p i^ °^ energy show
| f ?. I itself in every move of your body.
I f* [ * have told you that Electricity Is
I f . Sl "Life," and now all scientists and
I fVv jt *\ do - tors are approving my claim.
> w'J^S. * ¦¦A'" Letm e prove it to you; let me show
> M, "s V^i"i A you how m^ nietnod of applying
9 A v^v v J \Ta this great power has revolution-
| IwaV^^\JL } v\ ; '^^Ii ized medlcal treatment.
I j^^^§S^ Dr - McLaughlin's
! Electric Belt
i MM&b/> J ' IVawSSi Is a Modelf a Modem Home
* t^ y l^* ntjr year "_ ot » tl »<ly «re shown In this grand appliance. Tou win wear it
I with comfort at night, and the EL.KCTRICITY infused Into your body cure, all Xer-
r vous and \ Ital Trouble, Kidney and Bladder Troubles. Rheumatism. Lame Back In-
f digestion. >Veak Stomach and all forms of pain and weakness. It restores the M»
) while you sleep, and must cure. '
I Mr .?- C ? raXn ot Kearny Park. Fresno. Cal.. writes: 'Tour Belt has. done nor*
| ftir me than I ever «*P«cted. I hav« been In bad health for the last twelve years, try!
| ing everything I could think of without obtaining the least relief. Now. I consider
I my ?'i f en y w'.i'HT" 1 '. X ns * d t0 *>• w **k »nd full of pain: now I am strong and
J healthy. I shall b« glad to answer any question la regard to the merits of your
9 treatment. ,
9 DO TOU SUFFER? If »o. don't hesitate, don't waste your tlm* oa drug*. wh!c*>
) give no strength. Wear this life-saving applUnce as I direct and it will cur* y«,i.'
| Come and see me to-day. Se« what has been done for other*. Test It rre*. gat £y
I frte advtce and follow it. You will find It the. road to health.
I BFAT) MY ROOK I . have * book which «\err man should read (one for women
J IVLrtU i«t uww * alao). It tells facu that are of Interest to every man who wants
9 to remain young In vitality at any age. Fend for this book to-day. If you can't call.
| I mall It sealed, free. If you call I will give you a fre« test. Remember, my Beit
| doe« not burn, though you can feel the current and can rcgulat* It. I warrant lt to
. give Ta strong current for years, though no man who usei It right needs lt over tbree
J months. Cut this out and act to-day.
( [)r M C Mol ail£h.in 906 Market Street
I 1/1 • Ifl. V». IUOLC1U£III.II, Above Ellis, San Franc!s««
f Of&ce Hours— S a. m. to S p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 1.
AD V *¦¦ UTTft 1-; M V/rOTSL .
A POOR CRUTCH. (jSJik
Experience is a dear teacher, as those who pin their f*&jjg&ir% y
faith to Mercury find out sooner or later. This power- VS/^sh W'r
ful poison combined with Potash, is the treatment gen- fif Y\ we
erally prescribed for Contagious Blood Poison, but failure 79f /> \ \
and disappointment is the invariable result. These min- j^lJJLJ J
crals drive in the sores and eruptions, and apparently the /f^/fif \ >
disease is gone and the patient believes the cure perma- (•$[, &£g0^§k
nent, but soon jlearns better when the old symptoms NW^^^^^^I
return almost as-soon as the treatment is left off. You > * U!S^
must either keep the system saturated with mercury or endure the tortures
of sore mouth, ulcerated throat and the mortification that one naturally
feels when the body is covered with disgusting sores, rashes, copper-colored
splotches and other aggravating symptoms of this vile disease.
Mercury and Potash are poor crutches, and their use eventually breaks
down the constitution, ruins the digestion and cause the bones to decay.
S^-^ S. S. S., a guaranteed purely vegetable remedy, is the
M^^l r^^1 oa ly antidote for Contagious Blood Poison. It de-
iJ^V stroys every atom of the deadly virus, overcomes the
g-J/ ba( * effects of the mercury and cleanses the blood and
system So thoroughly that never after are any signs
of the disease seen. Nor is the taint ever transmitted to others.
We will send free our book on Contagious Blood Poison, which is inter-
esting and contains full directions for treating yourself at home. Medical
advice or any special information desired given without charge.
' THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA.
*&m*$£££^ HOTEL DEL MONTE
ULl^\ I // by th* ««• »r he. rii:r.rr 6 A v'Vni IVTPC
Wg^^gp^^OMiiilPjJ^gy fiLKCTBIC BELT.~ A W»a- Al>l>UU!>WC5
l,'m$gPKg £S£ -SSSi.2r5.SS e D <~> P? TT OS
Urccoo ii.lt Belt d««. C«U «r ml tut ' • '-' ~ m ' w
tbu 'f^T*' B<>< ?. 1 "»2!'rI C ?iwvU"5it?! voljO AXD RACES— Aujrust 1 to 8, under
r«iw. ** rVfCe clectlX «««««*"«> the lurplcts of tbe Pacific Co*rt Polo and
Btrm.N«»Yertor206PortSL,S»aFr*neUco.C»I. p O ny Racing Association. K. M. Tobln Secre-
¦ tary. Entries to and Information from 181
f»ri«trvcrorw<e ... '^—^^ Crocker building, San Francisco.
>?7^DQ.TY,STR0KG gcCO^^S^ avtomobilc Rt r ?=Iu P u 8 t e to u. from
0« 6OATCMVC ¦ San Francisco, lncludlnx meet at Del Monte.
H ' "AA B Cm l\i I W ' '. J under tbe auspice* of tbe Automobile Club of
VVr Atmir ITX1 ii ill '¦W»yfcfi|ftJ7 «:allfornla. K. A. Hyde I'n'si.lcnt. Entries to
*^"Q riAflMf-T ST. jr^lxir^ 131 Crocktr Bulldlac. 8an Francisco.
GOLF TOURNAMENT— August 24 to 31.
Weak Men and Women 01 ' 8^
&^£E£i£2». R a1ib T . H n? fo? PEK r^AMPlONiFlP. TBAM MATCH.
ttrregth to «fxual orc«n». I>fpot. STJ Market. for Hyrn« Cup, \s. South.,
VTEEKLY CALL,- $1 PEB YEAIU J J^. TSm«V PS ~ Xmateur Tournamen i.As a matter of fact, the university
authorities have been casting around for
a place for some time. There Is plenty of
time, as the rule does not go into effect
until the year 1906, but President Wheeler
more high school teachers' cer
tificates shall be granted to the graduates
of its old-time enemy,, the University of
California, unless the university Incorpor
ates a practice department as part of the
pedagogical curriculum, the university
has begun to look around for a place to
establish such a department.
BERKELEY. July 13.— Now that
the Normal School majority In
the State Board of Education
has officially decreed that no
The San Jose Is a sister boat to the
Terba Buena and was built with the last
named at the yards of John Dickie on tha
estuary. She is 200 feet long with a tvam
of 53 feet and a draft of lOVa feet. There
are two decks for passengers on the San
Jose and the cabins are fitted up to com
fortably accommodate 2000 passengers.
It Is expected that the San Jose and
Terba Buena, which is yet to have- her
trial trip, will not go into service until
September or possibly October, when the
San Francisco, San Jose and Oakland
Railroad calculates to have its new ferry,
line In operation. The builder and own
ers of the San Jose feel certain that she
will be able to make the trip from the
San Francisco slip to the Emeryville pier
slip In twelve minutes when the bearings
of her machinery Is worn smooth.
Among those aboard during the trial
trip were Isaac L. Requa, W. Q. llen
shaw, E. A. Herrin, Henry Rogers, W. H.
Mackinnon, Howard C. Holmes. Joseph
Kelly, Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Kelly. Myron
Holcomb, J. Q. Brown. Harmon Bell. Ar
thur Brown, Tyler Henshaw, Messrs.
Squires. Hopps and Dorward.
Captain TV. A. Rasmusen. who was in
command of the vessel, and the officiate
of the corporation to which the craft be
longs were well satisfied with the per
formance of the San Jose.
Fourteen knots wa3 easily averaged by
the new ferry steamer Saa Jose of tho
San Francisco, San Jose and Oakland
Railroad, which was given a trial trip on
the bay to-day. After leaving her moor-
Ings in the estuary this morning at . 10
o'clock the handsome steamer was headed
up the bay and went as far aa Raccoon
Straits before being brought about for
the return run to San Francisco, where
the San Jose was steerel into the slip at
the foot of Market street.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, July 12.
San Jose Proves Speedy
on Trial Spin About
the Bay.
NEW FERRYBOAT
CLEAVES WATER
The decision of the District Attorney
In this regard will necessitate the draw-
Ing uo of an entire new set of forms, as
all the saloons in the county at the pres
ent time come under the same objection.
Petitions were also filed by the South
ern pacific Company for liquor licenses
for the bars conducted on its ferry-boats.
The applications were taken up. but ow
ing to the decision of the District At
torney In regard to the wording of the
bonds the petitions were returned to the
company and new ones will have to bo
drawn up.
The saloon men got the first knockout
In the big fight that Is now on against
the resorts along the San Leandro road.
Some of the residents of. the district In
question are fighting the granting of any
more licenses to roadside resorts, and the
Board of Supervisors Is swamped under
a load of petitions and counter-petitions.
The anti-saloon people appeared before
the Supervisors this morning and object
ed to the wordlnsr and form of the ap
plications and bonds of the saloon men.
The board asked District Attorney Alien
to pass upon their legal objections, and
the District Attorney upheld their ver
sion oC the law. Lpon this the board
rejected all of the bond3 and applications
now pending, and the saloon men will
have to begin their work all over again.
Those whose petitions were thus treated
were J. F. Gonsalves of Fltchburg. I. N.
Batt. Herman Goehllch of Elmhurst and
Fred C. Schuarr. who Is desirous of re
opening the Hermitaee In upper Fruit
vale.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1113 Broadway. July 13.
Southern Pacific Company
Wants Licenses for Bars
on Boats.
Form of Applications
and Bonds Is
T t ~ V
I I I arfO I
Axlcgal.
SALOONS SUFFER
FIRST KNOCKOUT
OAKLAND, July 13.— Herbert Barnes,
the "gas inspector" burglar, was held to
answer In $2000 bonds to-day by Police
Judge . Mortimer Smith for trial In the
Superior Court on a charge of burglary.
The complainant was Andrew Matthieson.
"Gas Inspector" Burglar Held.
OAKLAND, July 13.— Charles Arnold,
who Is connected with the business de
partment of a San Francisco evening pa
per, was arrested to-day, together with
his wife, upon a warrant sworn out by
Mrs. Mary C. Robinson, the proprietress
of a rooming-house, charging them with
the theft of 5200O worth of diamonds. The
evidence Is circumstantial, Mrs. Robin
son claiming that the stones are gone and
that Arnold and his wife were the only
ones in the room Just before she missed
the gems. Bonds were given by the pro
prietor of the paper upon which Mr.
Arnold is employed for the release of
himself and wife.
Charged With Theft of Diamonds.
OAKLAND, July 13.— The following
marriage licenses were Issued by the
County Clerk to : day: Eugene H. Llckel,
San Francisco, 20, and Violet L. Mockel.
Alameda, 24; Arthur E. Haws, 29, and
Margaret L. Billings. 24, both of San
Francisco; Lemuel P. Adams, over 21. and
Elizabeth L. Leigh, over 18, both of Oak
land; Frederick E. Nelson, Portland, 23,
and Fannie H. Avery, DImond, 22. .•¦•_ *• ¦:¦•
Marriage Licenses.
In accepting the gift Mayor Olney said:
"This ; is a beauty spot that the city
can well afford to take. We need much
more of this kind of thing in Oakland."
' OAKLAND, July 13.— Burglaries hava
been reported to the police as follows: 1.
Plmental's residence!, 254 Haven street, $25
stolen; Charles Marcovlch's residence, 513
Eighth street, $12 and clothing taken.
be made the central point of distribution
for the adornment of the public squares
about : the city. The Adamses purchased
the hothouse two years ago from the A.
K. P. Harmon estate, moved It to its
present site, filled the mudholo that then
marked the spot and created a beautiful
two acres of plaza under the highest form
of cultivation." The park is in grassy
lawns, with a profusion of maple, poplar,
birch, willow, bamboo, eucalyptus and
palm trees planted in pleasing arrange
ment. ' :
Minor Burglaries Reported.
The Board of Public Works, on behalf
of the city, this afternoon accepted as &
gift from EdBon F. Adams, John C.
Adams and Mrs. Julia P. A. Prather the
large conservatory and Improvements on
a public park site. Edson Plaza, fronting
on Twenty-fourth Btreet and bordering
the northwest arm of Lake Merrltt.
The conservatory and hothouse is fully
equipped and Is stocked with 5000 potted
plants. The Adams have laid out the
surrounding grounds with - beautiful
shrubbery, grass plate and sightly land
scape gardening, under direction of John
McLaren, superintendent of Golden Gate
Park, San Francisco. J
Acceptance of the generous gift to-day
marks the first step in an Important move
shortly to be Inaugurated for the benefit
of the park system In Oakland. ' The
Board of Public Works contemplates the
appointment of - a ' skilled landscape gar
dener and expert on trees, plants and
flowers : to have , complete control ; of the
conservatory . and the ; public parks. The
force of gardeners j now employed, one at
each park, will be placed under his su
perintendence and the 'conservatory will
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 13.
City Possesses- a Fine
Conservatory and
Plaza.
Death of Aged Mason.
OAKLAND. July 13.— The funeral of
"V.iMiarn Lee Kidd. who died yesterday at
the King's Daughters' Home, will be held
to-morrow from the Masonic Temple. De
based was €3 years of age and was a na
tive cf Ohio. He leaves three daughters.
OAKLAND, July 13.— The last rites of
the Masonic fraternity were exemplified
at the funeral of the late Dana Harmon,
held this afternoon at 2 o'clock from the
Masonic Temple. The services were con
ducted by Bradford Webster, master of
Live Oak Lodge. F. and A. M., and were
participated in by Knights Templar.
Before the removal of the remains to
the temple services were conducted at the
late home of the deceased by the Rev.
Dr. Maynard, formerly of St.
John's Episcopal Church. The pallbearers
were A. Eastland, A. Gordon, Colonel
Noyes, Captain Ward and James Vance.
Knights Templar and Members of
Live Oak Lodge Attend
the Funeral.
LAST TRIBUTE TO MEMORY
OF LATE DANA HARMON
OAKLAND. July IS.— Ida J. Breen be
gan an action of divorce to-day against
John M. Breen, a saloonkeeper at Sev
enth and Brush streets. They had a fierce
quarrel Saturday night and she alleges
that he beat her and she had him arrest
ed for battery. While the case is still
pending she has begun an action looking
to a final separation from him. She bays
that he has beaten her before. He was
formerly Postmaster at Lorin.
Ida Breen Wants Divorce.
BERKELEY, July 13.— Profewsor Charles
raleche of Harvard Cnlvenrtty will lead a par
ty of summer school rtU(3ent« on a field trip
to Fort Point next Saturday. The excursion
Is Intended primarily for tho*e Interested in
mJueraJory end reolccy. a» Professor Palacbe
nrtll point out the formation and character of
the land pa»F<*d over, but It will be open to all
rtudenu cf the Bummer session. T*e party
will take the 6 o'clock train from Berkeley sta
tion asd those gcing are expected to take th< ir
lunch.
Recorder Rutton announce* that the Orf
rraduate scholarship for 15*03-04. donated by
Mir* Adrienne Cert. B. L.. 1*00, will be award
ed In Ausrurt. ArT'Jications will be received un
til Aururt 15.
A. H. Koehay. Euperintendent of Schools cf
I>ts Anirelee. will deliver three lectures on "The
Practice of Teachlmr" tht« week for the bene
fit cf slimmer «cbool students.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
Broken Flang-e Ditches Train, Caus
ing Blockade on Road for
Several Hours.
OAKLAND. July 13.— Four heavily load
ed oil cars Jumped the track this after
noon at the Cedar-s\reet entrance to the
Southern Pacific yards in West Oakland.
About fifty yards of track was torn up,
blockading the line until late In the after
noon.
A broken flange caused one of the cars
to leave the rails, pulling three others
with It. No one was Injured In the accl-
I dent.
HEAVILY LOADED OIL
CARS LEAVE THE RAILS
v Trustee Ferrier's ground of opposition
is that the Southern Pacific Company
seeks to block the lines of the Oakland
Transit Company with its freight cars.
BERKELEY, July 13.— A hundred busi
ness men have signed a memorial ad
dressed to Town Trustee Francis Ferrier
asking him to vote for the removal of the
Southern Pacific railroad yards from
North to South Berkeley. The petitions
remind the trustee that the people of hl3
district are unanimously in favor of send
ing the yards to South Berkeley.
The railroad recently purchased the
gore at Adeline street and Shattuck ave
nue for the yards, but wben it asked for
a franchise Trustee Ferrier refused to'
vote for it.
Petition Town Trustee Ferrier to
Vote for Removal to bouth
Berkeley.
BUSINESS MEN WANT ¦
RAILROAD YARDS" AWAY
The house was set afire by the explo
sion and the services of the fire depart
ment were required to put It out.
OAKLAND. July 13.— R. H. Simmons
of 705 East Fourteenth street, a Southern
Pacific gateman, tried to fill a gasoline
stove at noon to-day while It was. still
lighted. The attempt ended In the us
ual disaster, and Simmons was severely
burned on the face and hands. There is
a likelihood of his losing his eyesight, as
the flames burst directly into his face.
Simmons' wife saw the accident and
in attempting to assist her husband was
herself burned. Her clothes caught fire,
but she saved herself by jumping into a
barrel of water.
R. H. Simmons and His Wife Are Se
verely Burned by Explosion
of Gasoline.
ATTEMPT TO FILL STOVE
ENDS IN A DISASTER
head of the department. Is highly es
teemed as an educator and his reputation
Is worldwide, but the instruction he gives
Is almost all theoretical. It Is understood
that some effort will be made to Induce
Mr. Heaton to remain and take charge at
the proposed new practice department.
If the university does not succeed in
getting a practice school or retaining Mr.
Heaton, it can blame it all to that ancient
rivalry with the normal schools which
culminated In a set of rules restricting
the students and powers of each. With
President Wheeler, Professor Elmer E.
Brown. Irving Stringham, Frederick
Slate, W. A. Merrill, A. F. Lange and K.
C. Babcock on the university side and
Frederic L. Burk, E. T. Pierce. C. C. Van
Liew and S. T. Black on the normal
school side, educational Interests may
look upon an absorbing warfare, of which
no man can foretell the end, for each Is
out for the humiliation and death of the
other.
ACCEPTS A GIFT
OF GARDEN SPOT
The university's pedagogical department
will be somewhat crippled next year by
the absence of T. L. Heaton, who has re
signed to take a position as deputy Su
perintendent of Schools in San Fraiiclsco.
Mr. Heaton gave the students what little
Instruction In practice they did get, and
as he Is a very able educator he will be
sadly missed. Professor Elmer E. Brown,
OLD-TIME RIVALRY.
Having children taught by fledglings,
however, is not such a terrible thing,
after all. In places In this State where
there are normal schools the parents pre
fer to send their children to them, as they
are supposed to receive more individual
attention than in th« ordinary public
school. The teaching is all carried on un
der the supervision of capable instructors,
so there would be no danger of half
hearted work:
there would certainly be a great protest
from that Quarter.
OAKLAND, July 13.— General R. H.
Warfield has eventually won his suit
against M. F. Cochrane, assignee of the
estate of Colonel P. A. Finigan of Berke
ley. A remlttltur was received to-day
from the Supreme Court reversing the de
cision of the lower court, from which
Warfield appealed.
The origin of the suit goes back to the
summer of 1S97. Lillian. Maud and Mary,
the daughters of the colonel, spent the
season at the Hotel Rafael and their bill
was (3000. About this time Finigan was
forced to go through insolvency. The
colonel deeded valuable lots to his daugh
ters and they in turn deeded them to
Warfleld in payment of his claim. Coch
rane demanded the realty for the cred
itors and alleged that the transfer of the
lots to a preferred creditor wag illegal.
His contention was sustained by the low
er* court, but was reversed by the Su
preme Court.
Lengthy Litigation Over Berkeley
Lots Is Ended by Supreme
Court Decision.
WARFIELD GETS LAND.
FROM FINIGAir~ESTATE
There are two good reasons why the
Berkeley School Department does not
want to give up one of Its schools. One is
that it will mean the dismissal of ten or
twelve teachers in that school and there
would certainly be an uproar over that
proposition. The other is that the parents
do not like the idea of their children be
ing practiced on by mere students and
and his confreres are a good deal worried
about it. The trouble is there seems to be
no school available for the purpose. The
university people hoped to get one of the
schools of the Berkeley School Depart
ment, but Superintendent S. D. Waterman
frowned when it was suggested to him.
so they withdrew temporarily to look
around some more. If the university
authorities can prevail upon the Berkeley
School Superintendent and the School Di
rectors to grant this privilege they will
6elect the Dwight School.
TWO GOOD SEASONS.
SOME OF THE EMINENT EDUCATORS WHO HAVE BEEN PROMINENT IN THE" CONTEST BETWEEN THE
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA AND THE STATE NORMAL SCHOOLS OVER THE ISSUING OF TEACHERS'
CERTIFICATES TO GRADUATES OF THE FORMER.
OAKLAND. July 13.^Tbe Board of Su
pervisors appointed Clayton K. Smith to
the position of druggist at the County
Infirmary recently made vacant by the
removal of George Bax'ey. to-day. The
position of visiting physician for the in
firmary was re-established at a salary
of $75 a month, and Dr. H. N. Rowell ap
pointed to the place".
Robert Turnbull was appointed to
enumerate the electors In the district of
Fruitvale. which has filed a petition for
incorporation.
The board was addressed by J. A.
Filcher of San Francisco. E. B. Willis
of Sacramento and Mr. Wiggins of Los
Angeles In regard to making an exhibit
at the St. Louis World's Fair next year.
It was decided to appropriate 110,000 for
a county exhibit and three commissioners
will be appointed, one from the Board of
Trade, one from the Merchants' Ex
change and one from the Board of Su
pervisors.
SUPERVISORS CONSIDER
NUMEROUS QUESTIONS
Clayton Smith Appointed Infirm
ary Druggist — Board Urged to
Make Big Fair Exhibit.
The officers of the synod who will serve
during: the next three years were elected
to-day at the afternoon session of the
Germcn Lutheran conference. They are:
President. G. Runkle of Los Angeles; first
vice president. Rev. G. Bernthal of St.
Paul's Church, San Francisco; second
vice president. Rev. J. H. Theiss. pastor
cf Zicn Church. Oakland; secretary. J. H.
Wine of Alameda; treasurer, J. H. Har
ger.s cf San Francisco.
After the election aa additional report
was made by the committee on admis
sions to membership recommending the
admission of Rev. T. C. Bauer. The re
port was favorably acted upon.
During the morning session the doc
trinal discussion on the means of grace
was concluded. A number of guest* of
the synod took part in the- morning's dls
cuMsion and will attend the remaining
pefsions of the conference. Among the
p-uests were Professor F. Graebner of
Australia. Rev. H. Wolters of Australia,
Rpv. M. T. Winkler of New Zealand. Rev.
E. Stensrud cf San Francisco and Rev. N.
Giere of Los Ar.gel***.
An entertainment was given this even
ing by the Young People's Society of the
Zicn Evangelical Lutheran Church, in
honor of the visiting delegates. All those
taking part were members of the society.
The following prop-ammo was rendered:
Piano duet, MIfs B. Stut and Professor J.
G. Theiss: piano foIo, Miss Clara Theiss;
soprano foIo. Mrs. Rlngger; dialogue.
"Right and Left"; violin solo. Carl
Schwa rz; dialogue. "Instruction of Re
cruits." Those taking part In the dia
logues were: C. F. Wessel. W. Theism. C.
Theis«, A. Theiss. H. Riede. H. Melnert,
F. Lorcdz. Miss B. Stut, Miss R. Street,
Miss C. Theiss. Miss L. ThelES. Miss E.
Stut, M1?f E. Franke and Hiss I. Theiss.
The Board cf Missions will be elected to
morrow afternoon.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
IHI Brcadway, July 13.
Elect Men Who Will
Manage Affairs of
This District.
nue.
George M. Hedges, living at Fourth and
Clay streets, was treated at the Receiv
ing Hospital this afternoon for Injuries
sustained by having a bale of hay fall
on him. His back and legs were badly
hurt, but it Is believed the Injuries are
not permanent.
OAKLAND. July 13.— Edward Jurgens
was crushed between a load of hay and
the floor of a barn loft this afternoon at
Golden Gate and Is at the Receiving Hos
pital. His life is despaired of. It Is
feared that he has sustained internal in
juries and that his case is hopeless.
Jurgens worked for William Donnelly
and was driving a load of baled hay Into
a barn. There was not room enough to
allow him to Bit up and drive In. so he
leaned back on the load and as he went
through the doorway a beam caught him
across the abdomen, crushing him terri
bly. He is 23 years of age and lives at
Sixty-seventh street and San Pablo ave-
Edward Jurgens Leans Back as
Wagon Goes Into Barn and
Is Jammed.
CRUSHED BETWEEN LOAD
OF HAY AND LOFT FLOOR
The woman was removed to the County
Jail this afternoon and will occupy the
woman's department In the same place of
detention that confines Walkirez. The
murderer has declared he would like to
marry Mrs. Ross. But there is an in
surmountable barrier to such a culmina
tion in the form of a statute against mis
cegenation.
Mrs. Ross represented herself during
the trial this morning and declared she
was not a vagrant, but had been a hard
working woman. She vehemently and
vulgarly announced that Ehe had con
fessed to the knowledge of the Leroy
murder to save herself, but insisted she
would refuse to give any testimony at
Walkirez's trial that would assist the au
thorities In the prosecution of her negro
companion.
The testimony that convicted Mrs. Ross
was given by George Flood, the colored
machinist, and friend of Mrs. Elizabeth
I^eroy, who was strangled to death by
Walkirez. and Cephas Oliver, a colored
man who lived on the Leroy premises
while Mrs. Ross and Walkirez stayed
there.
Vowing that Ehe would never give tes
timony against her negro companion at
his trial. Mrs. Anna Ross, the white con
sort of Victor Walkirez, was escorted out
of the police court this morning after Po
lice Judge Mortimer Smith had sentenced
the degraded creature to serve Elx
months' imprisonment In the County Jail
for vagrancy.
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, July 13.
LUTHERANS NAME
SYNOD OFFICERS
:ad time to make a move the earth had
aJlen around his feet and held him. fast
tad closed in on him until the ditch was
'ull and only his head was left above
he ground. As quickly a« possible his
rirnpanions summoned the police patrol
ind in the meantime began digging, tout
r was fully half an hour before he was
fscued.
John Gafney also was in the ditch, but
rscaped with a wrenched knee.
ccted that he had been hurt in any one
particular place. The mass of earth
packed around him. however, was suffi
cient to crush him. His lower extremities
were paralyzed and he had great difficul
ty in his breathing.
' The accident was a peculiar one. Dris
ocll. with some others, was at work dig
ging a ditch for a sewer. Little more
than the heads cf the rnt-n could be seen
r.bove the bar.k. which suddenly caved In
where Driseoll was at work. Before he
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, July 13.
A landslide in a sewer this afternoon at
Adair.? Point buried Marty Drlscoll up to
his neck and the terrible squeezing he re
tcived from the weight of earth around
him, before he could be dug out, it Is
JVared will cost him his life. He was
taken out cf his l!vir.g tomb in an uncon
scious condition and removed to the Re
reiving- Hospital, where he was attended
to fagr Drt. J. M. Kane and J. L. Milton.
Examination failed to disclose what his
injuries were and it is believed that his
lur.gs are what have suffered most. No
bcn«>j« were broken and no abrasion indi-
In speaking of the work of the solici
tors. President Rosenthal said:
We aiirwd to set a correct and uninfluenced
opinion from the south-side commuters
with respect to the removal or retention of the
Kates on the local trains. Every commuter
was politely asked to sign his name in the
for or against column. There are two sides
to the gate question and it was not our desire
to go before the City Trustees or the railroad
management with any petition that would
show but one side of the situation. The South
ern Pacific has made application for a re
newal of one franchise and for an original
franchise for a road which the company has
always operated without a franchise. The
applications are before the City Trustees and
are for fifty years each. Th« matter is now
up to the peopfe for settlement and it is of
vital Importance to the future of Alameda
that It be settled rightly. This cannot be
done by attacking the Southern Pacific In
any way. The proper way to reach a com
promise or adjustment is for the parties to
both sides to meet and amicably arrue the
question, permitting each side to tell what it
wants and what it will give or concede. That
is the reason the Board of Trade arranged
the mass meeting for to-morrow eight. We
have no selected orator or exponents of our
sld« of the matter. Everybody who desires to
express himself one way or another will be
accorded a considerate hearing.
There has already been one public dis
cussion of the matter before the West
End Improvement Club, at which a straw
vote of commuters Indicated that they
were opposed to the retention of train
gates at a ratio of five to one. Other
concessions, such as the replacing of two
stations on the south side road In their
original locations, the improvement of
the car service and the removal of the
old single track on Railroad avenue west
from Eighth street to Fifth street are
demanded by some in exchange for the
two franchises, but the privilege that
concerns all residents and which was sus
pended by the Southern Pacific at the
first of the present year, is that of free
travel. Local merchants claim that the
city was built up under the. free travel
service and that Its discontinuance is
now working to the detriment of business
interests. They are opposed to having
the City Trustees grant franchises to the
Southern Pacific Company for more than
five years and then only on condition
that residents be again given the benefit
of traveling locally without charge.
Among those who canvassed the senti
ment of the commuters on the gate ques
tion this morning were President Henry
Rosenthal of the Board of Trade, T. F.
Baird, secretary-treasurer of the same
body. Herbert D. Clark, and Charles F.
Fisher. Each commuter was requested
to sign a petition for or against the res
toration of the train gates. Nearly all
compiled with the request of the solici
tors, but some shied at placing them
selves on record. Rosenthal found 45 for
and 9 against removing the gates; Baird
found 90 for and 4 against; Clark 75 for
and 24 against, and Fisher 46 for and IS
against the removal of the gates.
POLL IS AGAINST GATES.
DEMAND FBEE TBAVEL.
It is for the purpose of obtaining a
general expression of public opinion as
to what the people of this city want from
the Southern Pacific in exchange for two
fifty-year franchises, for which the cor
poration has made application that the
mass meeting has been called by the
Board of Trade.
ALAMEDA, July 13.— According to a
signed poll of the commuters who travel
on the south side road of the Southern
Pacific made this morning by members
of the local Board of Trade, the com
muters stand as five to one In favor of
having the railroad company remove, If
it will, the gates from its local trains
and restore the old order of service,
which permitted passengers to travel
within the city limits without the pay
ment of fare. To-morrow morning the
sentiment of the commuters on the north
side road will be ascertained In the same
manner and the result will be made
known at the mass meeting of AUme
dans to be held in- the evening in the
City Hall under the management of the
Board of Trade. **
No Bones Are Broken But His
Irjuries Will Probably
Prove Fatal.
Alamedans Will Hold Mass-
Meeting to Discuss
Franchises.
Woman Is Wrathful Because
She Was Convicted of
Vagrancy.
Anna Boss Refuses to
Testify Against
Walkirez.
Buried Up to His Neck,
He Is Taken Out
Unconscious.
Board of Trade Mem
bers Find Them Op
posed to Gates.
CITIZENS POLL
THE COMMUTERS
MAN ENTOMBED
IN SEWER DITCH
SEALS HER LIPS
IN MURDER CASE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 14, 1903.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA BERKELEY OAKLAND ALAMEDA NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALMEDA
Normal School Majority in Board of Education Hastens
' Such Action by Declaring That High School Teachers'
Certificates Shall No Longer Be Granted to Graduates
STATE UNIVERSITY DECIDES AT LAST
TO ESTABLISH PRACTICE DEPARTMENT
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f* CELEBRATED *M
» ST0MACH -a k^
If you have any form of stom-
ach trouble you will find the Bit-
ters very beneficial. It contains
only those ingredients that will
strengthen the stomach.
Try it for Heartburn, Flatu-
lency, Indigestion, Dyspepsia or
Malaria. It • positively cttres.
FREE DENTISTRY
'" '
.-. AXTXSTXC COLO rXUUSQS
Painlessly Inserted for the cost of material.
Teeth cleaned and regulated froe. Natural
locking artificial teeth mad* to St the mo ji
difficult cases.
All our work Is guaranteed for 20 yean.
Using the purest sold, our fillings will not tar a
black or fall out. H{9|
Week Days. 9 to 9; Sundays. 9 to 1.
Painless Metiodi. i Extraction JFre*.
- . -Graduates Only, deaning Free.
POST-GRADUATE DENTAL COLLESE.
Ban Francisco — 3 Taylor it., cor. Gold** Cat-.
Oakland— 973 Wajhiajtca at, coxacr TeatX
We take pleasure in notifying our pa-
trons who are going to the country for the
summer months that THE CALL can be
served to them at ANY POINT either by
mail or through local carriers.
Give address to your carrier or any
branch office and prompt service will be
made.
Notice to Subscribers!United States; District Judge Jameu H.
Beatty of Boise. Idaho, opened the Unit
ed States District Court and the United
States' Circuit Court yesterday morning.
Judge de Haven being absent in, Tacoma,
and Judge Morrow being engaged ln
cases in the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals " ¦
Judge Beatty Presides.
. But whatever ; I may hold as to the failure
of the Iibelant to sustain his- claim- for dam
ages-against the- chip by reason' of the negli
gence of the ship's officers • in causing the In-'
When the accident took place the vessel
was 1700 miles from Newcastle, 1500 miles
from Tahiti and 770 miles from Auckland.
Ten days later she was only ' CO miles
from Tahiti. Captain Friedburg made the
nineteen days' trip to Honolulu with /the
disabled sailor in the second mate's cabin.
Langaas is barely able; to walk 'and hla
right leg is three Inches shorter than the
other. The court says:
HONOLULU, July 13.— Judge Estee, in
the Federal Court, i has awarded - $2500
damages to Sinsfrcd Langaaa. a sailor of
the barkentine j James Taf t, because the
captain did not put into tho. nearest port
after Langaas had his leg broken. The
accident was caused by tne loosening of a
spar, but the court holds that no negli
gence was shown till after the injuries
were received. "V- '^. ''' .
Judge Estee Awards Big
Damages to Injured
Sailor.
This llbelant all this time was lying In' his
berth, with his -leg encased In a wooden box,
subject to • further Injury by: the shaking up
due to the constant movement of , the vessel.
Honolulu was - over, 2000 miles . away, but no
attempt was made by the ; captain ¦ to ' make
this near port of Tahiti, although he had still
before him a three weeks' sail to Hawaii.
Jury, which was not, made clear,' there la no
doubt whatever', that' he la entitled to dam
ages for the gross negligence of the captain In
falling to put Into the nearest port at the time
of the Injury or as soon thereafter aa It' was
possible to do so, to get proper surgical aid for
his man.
The maritime law • Is sensitive aa to the
rights of seamen and rigorous ln providing for
their protection. • When injured In the service
of the ship, or disabled by illness, they are en
titled to be cared for and cured if possible,
at the expense of the vessel; 'and where that
duty is not ¦ performed and the seaman suffers
from the neglect, the ship la -liable ln damages
for the < suffering and pain" caused - by euch
failure. . . •
A motion will be argued to-day before
Judge James H. Beatty in the United
States District Court to remand to the
State Court the conversion suit brought
against Henry Wadsworih, receiver of
Eppinger & Co. and of the Pacific Coast
Warehouse Company, by the American
National Bank and the Bank of Monte
rey. The suit grew out of the interfer
ence by the receiver with the removal of
grain from the Pacific Warehouse Com
pany's premises at Crockett that was
claimed by the banks and to remove
which they had a barge taken up to the
wharf at Crockett and partly loaded.
Two Creditors Seek Remanding of
Suit Against Receiver Wads
worth to State Tribunal.
The San Francisco Police News Pub
lishing Company was Incorporated yester
day with a capital stock of $25,000. all of
which is eubscribed. The directors and the
amounts they have subscribed are: J. C.
Crooks. E. W. Gates and E. C. Lefflng
well. $S230 each, and W. S. Barnes and C.
S. Farquar. $5 each.
Police News Company Incorporates.
While searching ln the hold of the Gov
ernment transport Thomas yesterday
morning the customs searchers found ln
the vessel's hold four cases of merchan
dise belonging to Captain William, W.
Harts of the engineer corps, United
States army. The cases were taken to the
Appraiser's store and found to contain an
elegantly embroidered screen, a set of fine
chinaware and other dutiable articles
which had not been "declared" by Cap
tain Harts. Three times the value of
these, plus thiye times the duty, will be
added to the fine which has been demand
ed of the captain.
A. B. Watson, a layover passenger from
the Korea, arrived from Honolulu on the
Doric, and nine packages of ' decorated
chinaware, cloisonne vases and other du
tiable goods were found to have passed
the customs official}" at Honolulu without
the payment of duty.. Watson mado a
frank statement and was allowed to take
the goods upon payment of the duty of
K»50. •
the Hold Consigned to Cap
tain William Harts.
More Dutiable Articles Discovered in
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights, of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
CONCEALED GOODS FOUND
ON TRANSPORT THOMAS
BANKS' GRAIN AGAIN
FIGURES IN COURTS
WASHINGTON, July 13. — The amount of the
3 and 4 per cent bonds so far received at tho
treasury for exchange Into 2 per cent consols
Is $77,<i60,350. These refunding operations,
which will close on July 31. It is said at the
treasury, have to date resulted ln Increased or
new circulation of national bank notes to the
amount of approximately $33,000,000.
FINDS CAPTAIN
WAS NEGLIGENT
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Monday, July 13.
Stmr Despatch, Hansen, 48 hours from Port
Los Angeles.
. Stmr Francis H Legstett. Jahnsen, 72*4 days
from Newport News, via Rio de Janeiro 45 %
days, rla Sandy Point 32Vi days and Coronel
23 >,$ days.
Strnr Pomona, Swanson, 17 hours from. Eu
reka.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, 42H hours
from San Diego and way ports. ¦
Steamer. • For. Sails.
City Seattle.. Fkawway & Way Ports. July 14
Portland Nome & St. Michael... July 15
Dlrigo Ekagway & Way Ports. July 15
Meteor Nome & St. Michael... July 15
Conpmaujfh. . . Nome & St. Michael... July 15
Al-Kl.... Bkairway & Way Ports. July 16
Santa Ana.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts July id
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. July 18
City Topeka.. fckagway & Way Ports. July is
Farallon 8kagway & Way Ports. July 10
Eureka Nome July 20
Spokane Skagrway & Way Ports. July 21
Cottage City. . Skagway & Way Ports. July 22
Oregon Nome July 2.3
Nome City.. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts|July 29
Decide Same.
The Board of Supervisors will meet this
evening at 8 o'clock In order to sit as a
Board of Equalization and hear applica
tions for reduction of assessments.
There are more than forty appTicatfons
already on file, but many personal ap
plications for reduction are expected to
be made verbally to-night. Among those
who filed applications yesterday are the
following named:
M. M. Reeensbur, southeast corner of
Union and Broderlck streets, reduction asked
from StiOno to *5000.
E. P. Wincerter, southeast corner of Stock,
ton and Post streets, reduction aeked from
f 33. 750 to I25.0TX).
K. P. Wlneerter, southwest corner of Pierce
and Clay streets, reduction aeked from 8'^ -
250 to 1 15,000. '
Har-na Lando, south eide of Eddy street,
east from Van New avenue, reduction asked
from $5000 to $3500.
SUPEBVISOBS TO MEET
AS EQUALIZATION B0AHD
Will Listen to Applications for Ee
duction of Assessments and
Name Is Now Whitney.
The petition of Joseph Albert Crackbon
for permission to change his name to Jo
seph Albert "Whitney was granted by
Judge. Murasky yesterday. The petitioner
was formerly a policeman. He killed a
dairyman on Sixteenth street a year a?o
and was dismissed from tho force. Ho
desired to change his name, saying the
name of Crackbon had been held up to
obloquy ever since the killing.
That the ladies always appreciate some
thing new and catchy, so, when giving a
card party or a dinner you will want
something unique and out of the ordinary
in cards. The Stationery Department has
them. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market
street. •
Don't Overlook This.
The office of the City and County Treas
urer will be closed to-day ln order to al
low the Treasurer and his assistants to
count the money In the vaults and check
up the various accounts. The work will
be done ln the presence of representatives
of the fidelity company that is on the
bond of the Treasurer.
To Count City's Coin To-Day.
FROM SEATTLE,
The eteamer Xebraskan. which called on
Friday for Honolulu and Kahulul via Seattle
and Tacoma. carried an assorted merchandise
cargo, valued at $75,33C, and including the
following: 245 bbls flour. 2191 ctls barley.
7S.166 lbs rice. 10S0 lbs sugar. 36.6S5 lbs mid
dlings. 176.132 lbs bran. 4.".<i ctls wheat. <»M4
lbs corn, 14 pltgs fresh vegetables. 345 pkgs
potatoes and onions, 23.305 lbs salt, 2244 lbs
bean*. 11,000 lbs codfish. 4118 lbs ham and
bacon. 1771 lbs 12 cs cheese. 391. cs canned
goods 66 pkgs groceries and provisions. 791
lbs smoked meat. 79$ lbs peas. 300 lbs hops,
1558 lbs coffee. 20 bbls salmon. 7C8 lbs choco
late, 3178 lbs lard. 2950 lbs butter. 1190 lbs
4 cs mlllstufTs. 125 bxs paste, 1000 lbs 10 cs
tobacco. 6 cs hats. 28 cs boots and shoes. 188
pkgs dry goods, 211 lbs 15 pkgs bread. 723 lbs
shrimp*. 400 lbs 1 cs tea. 720 gals 12 cs whis
ky 850 gals 15 cs wine, C72 casks bottled beer,
1611 lb« candy. 03 pkga furniture, 8 cs electri
cal supplies 7 pkgs ammunition. 100 'cs can
dles B31 cs soap. 77 pkgs nails. 783 pes 25
bdls' iron. 40 bales twine, 242 bdls 22 pes pipe,
831 bxs soap, 18 pkgs millwork. 177 pkgs ma
chinery 128 pkgs wire, 27 colls row, 80 cs
paints. 155 cs 44 bbls oil. 1085 lbs bras* 114
pkgs paper. 3S<» gals gasoline, 19.500 lbs ce
ment. 18S9 lbs tin. 5 tons coal. 160 cs powder,
3 cs fuse. 25 bbls fire bricks. 3000 red bricks.
The Nebraskan's Cargo.
The British ship King David (on Puget
Sound) loads lumber there for Valparaiso, for
orders (Plsagua range), at 32* 6d; 2d less di
rect: option of Callao. 32s Cd. chartered prior
to arrival. The bark Roderick Dbu returns to
Hllo with general cargo.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
David Spring, who lives on Wood street,
Oakland, fell from a piledriver yesterday after
noon and was treated at the Harbor Hospital
for a sprained back and ankle.
Falls From Piledriver.
Francis Thomas Armstrong, an elderly
man living at 14*7 Mission street, waa treated
at th« Harbor Horpltal yesterday for a frac
ture of the left arm. He had been knocked
down, he raid, on Market street, near Third,
by cable car No. 254 of the McAllister-street
line.
Old Man Hurt.
It Trill be some time ere the question of
Peter J. Donahue's competency to care
for his estate will be determined In the
courts here.
The petition of Baroness von Schroeder,
for letters of guardianship over his
person and estate came up yesterday
before Judge Muxasky, pitting for Judge
Slose, and was dismissed, the Baroness
and the other parties concerned consent
ing to the action. It will not come up
again until after the return from England
of James P. Donahue and Richard Burk,
a cousin and a brother-in-law, respective
ly, of the millionaire. Burk and Donahue
will leave tot England within a few days,
the purpose of their trip being to Inter
view the alleged incompetent and to thus
determine, if possible, if it is nece5sary
to appoint a guardian and to ascertain
from Donahue, if possible, his ideas of
the guardianship procedings. Upon their
return new proceedings, if necessary, will
be instituted.
WILL GO TO ENGLAND
TO SEE PETEE DONAHUE
Bichard Bark and James P. Dona
hue to Interview the Alleged In
competent and Keport.
Victorlo Lazxere, an 8-year-old boy, who
lives at 5 Vincent street, was run over by a
buggy yesterday near Lombard-street wharf.
At the Harbor Hoepltal it was found that th«
youngster had sustained a compound fracture
cf the right leg.
Eight- Year-Old Boy Injured.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
~~ ~ ~ July 14.
laqua Humboldt 1 pm Pier 2
R. Dollar.. Astoria & Portland. B pm Pier 2
S. Portland. Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier 1»>
Chlco Coqullle River ;... C pm Pier 2
July 15.
Chehalls.... Grays Harbor 3 pm Pier 2
Rival Wlllapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt |l:30pPlerl9
Argo Eel River Ports....! 4 pm Pier 2
Peking China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 27
Jnlj liJ.
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 19
Sonoma Sydney & Way.... 2 pm Pier 7
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 13
I July 17. I
Enterprise. Hllo 6 pm'Pler 10
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor 1 pmfPler —
G.W.Elder.. Astoria & Portland. 11 amlPier 24
July- 18. |
Corona...... Humboldt l:30p|Pierl9
Eureka Humboldt 12 m, Pier 13
S. Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. 9 am Pier 2
Arcata Coos C. & PtOrford 10 am Pier 13
Colon N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 10
July 10.
5. Rosa.... San Dle*o & Way. 9 am Pier 19
6. Monica. . Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Centennial.. Seattle &. Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
Jui> 21).
Pt. Arena. . Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
S. Cruz Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 1»
City Puebla. Puget Sound Pts.. 11 am Pier 2T
Jnly 21.
San Pedro.. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Lothian.... China & Japan Pier —
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos Bay & pm Pier 10
July 22.
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 amjpier 24
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pmiPler lu
Jnly 23. |
Doric China A Japan.... 1 pmjPier 40
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pm|Pier 2
TO BAIL..
The canro of the steamship City of Peking,
which sails to-morrow for the Orient, will In
clude 15.0(10 railroad ties for use in the Philip
pines. The Peking will call at Manila, for
which port a number of passengers have al
ready been booked.
Ties for tlie Philippines.
Registrar Walsh filed charges against
Pratt, accusing him of gross neglect of
duty, refusing to obey orders, fighting
with 'a fellow clerk and using abusive
language in the office. It Is charged that,
though Pratt has held his position for two
years, he has been absent from the of
fice one-third of that time. The Civil Ser
vice Commissioners will make an investi
gation of the charges against Pratt; who
meanwhile is suspended from office.
The Election Commissioners also made
the following -awards for the holding of
the primary elections»*Printing poll list,
Phillips & Smyth, $363: printing of of
ficial ballot. W. N. Brunt. $149; erecting
booths, J. B. McSheehy. $13 90 per booth;
lamps and chairs for booths, J. Abrams,
$3 95 per booth.
The Board of Election Commissioners
met yesterday and passed a resolution
recommending the suspension of Charles
C. Pratt, a clerk to the f Registrar of
Voters. '
Registrar Walsh Recommends His
Suspension, for Unbecoming Con
duct and Absence From Duty.
CHABGES FILED AGAINST
• 1 CLEBK CHABLES C. PRATT
Steamer. i From. * Due.
Coronado ! Grays Harbor July 14
S. Portland... San Pedro July 1*
R. Dollar Pan Pedro July 14
Kdlth Seattle July 1*
Barracouta.. . Acapulco July It
G. IV. Blder.. Portland & Astoria July 14
City Sydney. . »w York via Panama. IJuly 15
Del Norte Crescent City I July 16
Ban Pedro... Humboldt ...I July 10
G. Dollar San Pedfo July 16
Eureka Humboldt. July 1«
Corona Humboldt. July 16
i Rainier Seattle & Whatcom July lfi
Santa Rosa... 6an Diego & Way Pts. July 16
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. July lfl
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports July 16
Point Arena.. Point Arena July 17
Santa Cruz... Newport & Way Ports. July 17
8. Barbara.. Seattle & Olympla July 13
Alliance Portland «: Way Ports July 19
Pomona Humboldt July 19
Argo Eel River Ports July 19
North Fork... Humboldt July 1ft
ganta Monica Grays Harbor July 19
Silesia Hamburg & Way Pts.. July 1!>
Columbia Portland & Astoria.... July 19
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. | July 20
Olympic Falrhaven IJuly 20
Coos Bay San TedroVi. Way Fts.|July 21
Lothian HonBk'r via Manzanllla July 21
X. Maru China & Japan July 21
Alameda Honolulu July 21
Vmattlla Puget Sound Ports July 21
Heredot Seattle July 21
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma .... July 22
Newport New York via Panama. July 23
Nevadan [ Honolulu & Kahulul... July 23
(>ueen | Pu^et Sound Ports.... | July 26
The other Interesting notice is to the effect
that the United States HydrogTaphlc office
has in view the publication of meteorological
charts of the South Atlantic and of the South
Pacific oceans similar in scope to the present
monthly pilot charts of the North Atlantic and
North Pacllie. The proposed charts will be
published quarterly Instead of monthly. The
llt-Et to appear will be a chart of the South
Atlantic 'or the winter months of 1003-04. This
will be ready lor distribution by November 1.
More *>o now than ever the Hydrotrraphic office
asks the co-operation of mariners, especially
captains of sailing ships, in the preparation of
these charts. Blank forms for recording: me
teoroloplcal observations will be supplied upon
application to the Navy Department, and In re
turn for this co-operation Uncle Sam will sup
ply the volunteer obpervers with the charts
free of charge and Irrespective of nationality.
The United States Hydroffraphlc offlce made
two announcements yesterday of considerable
Interest to navigators. The first was that a
revised edition of Bowdltch"s American Prac
tical Navigator has been prepared and is now
on sale at the different agencies of the Hy
droirraphlc office. This valuable work has bt-en
practically rewritten, the matter that had be
come obsolete having been eliminated and Its
place taken by explanations of some of the
readier methods of navigation in use at tho
present day. with tables for the same. Among:
ether Improvements the traverse table has
been extended to distances of (K>0 miles.
J Of Interest to Mariners.
Hovements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Branch Hydrographic Ofnce. V. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
July 14. 1003.
The Time Ball on the Ferry bulldinf was
dropped exactly at noon to-day — 1.-*«., at noon
of the 120th meridian* or at 8 p. m... Green
wich time. . J. C- BURNETT.
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
Time Ball.
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTK — Th% high and low waters occur at
the city from (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the highest tide Is the sam« at both places.
TUESDAY, JULY 14. 1003.
Sun rises 4:57
Sun sets 7:33
Moon rises 10:00 p. m.
3 Time (Time Time Time
5. Ft. I Ft. Ft. Ft.
? H W JL W H W L W
14 I l:J»0l 4.5 8:05 . 0.6 3:19 6.0i 8:57 2.6
15 I .•5:38, 4.2 8:45 ' 1.0 3:50 5.1 'J:5S . 2.3
IS I 3:40 3.6 0:30 1.6 4:25 6.1 10:49 1.9
17 I 4:491 &7 10:19 1.9.5:08 6.3 11:53 .1.4
IS I 6:13| 3.7|11:16 2.2 0:49| 5.5|
IL W| |H W L W| H W
10 10:54 0.8 7:421 3.8 12:10 2.5 0:39 6.7
20 I l:50j 0.21 S:57| 4.1 1:20) 2.7 7:33 5.9
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
da", except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the heights, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference la the
mean of the lower low waters.
Hooper defies Hoibrook to prove his
charges a^d says he is fully prepared to
meet them.
That was eome months ago and it Ss
crJy now that the chanres have been
filed. It is eaid that the derreas© in the
society's revenue has como*!'.*l Hoibrook
to file the charges. The society Is en
titled to a proportion of all fin*s and for
feitures and when Hoibrook applied to
the Board of Supervisors for a proportion
of those brought about by Hooper's ar
rests he was refused on the jrround that
the society had nothing to do with the
arrests.
The trouble between Hoibrook and
Hooper was rauEed by an anonymoua let
ter sent to the board of directors of the
society, reflecting upon Hoibrook'a wife
end the secretary's method of conii'jcthvr
the business of the society. Hoibrook
blamed Hooper for being the author of
the letter and demanded his removal from
the society. Chief Wlttman removed
Hooper, but declined to assign another
officer to the society till Hoibrook pre
ferred formal charges against H&oper be
fore the Police Commissioners and proved
them.
HOOPER IS DEFIANT.
It Is alto alleged that while Hooper has
been detailed ca similar work by Chief
W'lttman he has been openly hostile to
the society and in proof thereof It Is
shown that during the trial of DomlntCK
Shannon of the Injrleside Counlig Park,
charged with cruelty to animals. Hooper
¦web a witness for the defense and his
testimony virtually led to the fccquuial of
the defendant.
One Instance in particular is given.
From June, ZS39. to December. 1902, Hooper
furnished eighty-three reports of crippled
horses In a wagon of which the license
number was 11.S36, when, as a matter of
fact, the wagon In question had been out
nf commlsslcn for two years prior to De
cember. 1X12. During the same period, it
Is alleged, there were eighty-nine cases
reported In connection with wagons with
th« final figures "S36."
HOLBBOOK'S ALLEGATIONS.
Some sensational developments are ex
pected at the meeting of th* Police Com
missioners to-r.icht, when the charges
preferred by Secretary Hoibrook of the.
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals against Policeman W. T. Hooper,
formerly attached to the society, are
heard. The complaint filed by Hoibrook
bristles with startling allegations. Most
cf them, however, had been made pre
viously to the board of directors of the
society.
The complaint, eunor.g other things, al
leges that Hooper for the three years
prior to severing his connection with the
society falsified his reports with the ob
ject of showier that he was doing his
usual amount of work, whereas he was
cpendlr-g his time at the race tracks in
this city and Oakland and in the pool
room* at Sausalitn.
It was also announced yesterday by the
Southern Pacific Company that hereafter
two funeral trains will operate dally be
tween this city and the burial grounds In
San Mateo County in order to meet the
requirements of the San Francisco public,
which is now compelled to Journey to the
adjoining county toj perform the last iltes
over their dead. The first train will leave
the city at 11 o'clock in the morning and
the eecond at 2:30 In the afternoon. They
will run as far as San Bruno, where they
wt}l turn around on the "Y" : shaped
track. A wait there of three-quarters of
an hour will be made to permit the final
ceremonies at the graves. These new
trains will stop at the Valencia-street sta
tion. .
E. D. Thomas, auditor of the North
Shore *road, has resigned his position and
yesterday Manager Rank announced the
appointment of his successor in the per
son of Oscar F. Glffln Jr.
The company has not abolished the station
altogether, but has Issued orders that through
trains — the New Orleans, the Del Monte flyer,
the Coast Limited and live others — pass on
without stopping at Valencia street. Increase-1
traffic has of course made the trains heavier,
and It Is with difficulty that they are stopped
and started again at this station, for there is
a 'wade between there and San Bruno, aver
aging ninety feet, and just beyond the station,
coming this way, the grade encountered Is over
110 feet, which Is hard to overcome with a big
train, especially when it Is remembered that
the greater portion of the track from Valen
cia street eastward- to Third and Townsend
streets Is curved. For the convenience of com
muters who live In 'the vicinity of the Valencia
street station an.i work in the city or down the
road, we have arranged to have certain trains
stop In the morning and In tho evening. Th*
change will, not affect the traveling public
other than to bring passengers Into the regular
depots on time.
A notice waa issued yesterday by the
passenger department of the j Southern
Pacific Company to the effect that here
after the Valencia-street station will not
be a general stopping point for trains and
that the sale of tickets there has been
abandoned. General Passenger Agent T.
H. Goodman, referring to the change,
said that it had been found necessary by
reason of the increased trafflo and the
fact that stops made there resulted In de
lays to the regular trains, which tended
to demoralize the schedule. He said fur
ther:
THE Occidental and Oriental
Steamship Company's Doric,
which arrived Sunday night from
the Orient, . docked early yesteiv
day and landed her passengers at
the Pacific Mail dock. £Jhe brought 31S7tf
tons of cargo, which included 23,154 boxes
of tea and 2SC bales of silk.
During the last three days ol the voy
age heavy head winds were encountered,
but the weather was exceptionally fine
for all the rest of the trip. Among the
passengers was Goodman King of St.
Louis, who has been in Japan as a com
missioner from the St. Louis Exposition.
Several missionaries returned on the
Doric and a number of globe-trotters
bound for England were among the paa-
Eengers. Dr. E. Sisson of this city re
turned on the Doric from an Oriental
tour.
The pasrengers were:
Dr. Gaorire W. Betr, Mrs. Georie W. Betz,
E. G. Craig, Jcse M. Cuenco, J. B. Cumming,
Miss Lida H. Dorian. A. F. Demuth. Mrs. A.
F. Demuth J. Growder. H. G. B. Gully, F.
Hardeck. Thomas Hawkesworth, Goodman
Glng. Mre. Goodman King, A. C. Kohler. T.
H. Lee. Tong Lewn. W. II. Maelntyre. -»T.
Maekie. Miss K. A. Mctt. Miss M. E. Moulton,
A. NivinB, Chester North. Otto Nottebchm . O.
II. P. Noye*. C C. Oeborne. Mrs. C. C. Os
borne. Miss Nellie Pierce. F. L. Powers, Mrs.
F. L. Powers, Miss M. A. Quinby, Paul H.
Schroeder. Dr. E. Sisson. F. W. Sirson, Miss
E. Sisson, C. H. Smith, Mrs. C. H. Smith.
Rev. J. L. Sm!th-Dampler. Y\\ E. Bteer*, Mrs.
II. Stephf-nson, Lim Hu Teh, Mrs. C. W.
Vance. Captain B. F. Weddrlngton, James
Weir, Mrs. James Weir, Miss Jennie Weir,
Mn. TLorras H. Wilson, W. J. Powers.
Charges of Falsifying Reports
and Neglecting Work
Made.
HAMBURG— Arrived July »— Stmr Graf Wal
dersee, from New York via Plymouth and Cher
bourg. 10— Stmr Deutschland, from New York
via Plymouth and Cherbourg.
Sailed' July 11 — Stmr Alcldes, for Montreal;
stmr. Concordla. for Montreal; stmr Pomera
ninn. for Montreal.
» MOVILLE — Arrived July 13 — Etmr Furnessla,
from New York for Glasgow, and proceeded.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived July 13— Stmr Prin
cess Irene, from New York for Naples and
Genoa, and proceeded.
BREMEN— Arrived July 13 — Stmr Barbaras
»a. from New York via Plymouth and Cher
bourg.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived July 11— Stmr Staat
endam, from New York. .
GENOA — Arrived July 11— Stmr Bolivia, fm
New York via Lisbon. . '
NEW YORK — Arrived July 13 — Stmr Victo
rian, from Liverpool.
CHERBOURG— Arrived July 13.— Stmr Kron
prinz Wilhelm. from New York, via Plymouth,
for Bremen, and proceeded.
Sailed July 12 — Stmr Friedrich* der Gross*,
for New York, and passed Lizard July 13.
KARATZU— Sailed July 10— Stmr Elm
Branch, for Port Lo« Angeles.
PLYMOUTH — Sailed July 13 — Stmr Pretoria,
for New York.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived July 13 — Stmr Cym
ric, from New York; stmr Parisian, from
Montreal.
Sailed July 13 — Stmr Siberian, for St Johns,
N F, and Philadelphia.
GLASGOW — Arrived July 12— Stmr Sardin
ian, from Montreal. -
OCEAN STEAMERS.
AUCKLAND— Arrived July 13, 6 a m— Stmr
Sierra, hence June 25.
ROTTERDAM— Sailed July 8 — Fr bark Bob
suet, for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed July 4 — Br bark
Brodick Castle, for Honolulu.
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to July 11 — Jap
stmr Kaga Maru. from Seattle. 13 — Jap Btmr
America Maru, hence June 11.
TENER1FFE— Arrived July 11— Ger stmr
Totmes. hence March 18. .
PISAGUA— Arrived July 12— Schr n C Blade,
from Grays Harbor.
HAIPHONQ— Sailed July 6 — Schr Robert
Searles.'for Port Townsend.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed July 13 — Stmr Tremont,
for Victoria.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ISLAND PORTS.
MAKAWELI— Sailed June 26 — Schr Olga, for
Grays Harbor.
HONOLULU — Arrived July 13 — Br cable
¦tmr Iris, from London, via Auckland.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived July 11— Ship
Kenllworth, from Honolulu.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Arrived July
12 — Ship Clarenco S Uement, from Honolulu.
Stmr O C Llndauer, Allen, 68 hours from
Grays Harbor. V
Stmr Argo. Dunham, 20 hour* from Port
Kenyon.
Iiktn Chehalls, Simpson, 6 days from Colum
bia River. . " .
Bktn Gardiner City, Walton, 29 hours from
Eureka.
Sthr Defender, Helllngsen. lTtf d*y« from
Fuako.
. . CLEARED. _
Monday, July 13.
Stmr Santa Crui, Gielow, San Pedro; Pac
Coast B S Co.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San Diego;
Pac Coait 9 8 Co. ¦
Stmr North Fork, Kelson, Eureka; The Cbas
Nelson Co.
BAILED. . , ¦ „
Monday, July IS.
Btmr Eureka, Jessen. Eureka. '
Btmr Phoenix. Odland, Mandoclno.
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson, Greenwood.
Stmr Point Arena, Miller, Mendoclno.
Stmr Centralla. Ericsson, Eureka.
Stmr Greenwood, Johnson, Mendoclno.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Glelow, San Pedro.
Stmr Aurella, Peterson, Port Rodgers.
Schr Newark, Relnertsen. Stewarts Point.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— July 13. 10 p m— "Weather
foggy; wind SW; velocity 12 miles an hour.
SPOKEN.
April 13— Lat 27 N. long 22 W. Fr ship Alice,
from Antwerp for Vancouver.
June 12— Lat 43 S, long 62 W, Br ship Cor
tez. from Hamburg for Seattle.
May 10— 'Lat 15 N. lone 28 W, Ger bark
Professor Koch, from Bremen for Portland, Or.
June 6 — Lat 43 20 S. long 50 45 W, Br bark
Inca, from Liverpool for Talcahuano.
MISCELLANEOUS.
SEATTLE. July 13— Tug Pioneer run down
by stmr Enterprise at Port Townsend last
night; Pioneer had two-foot hole atove In her.
BOMESTfC PORTS.
REDONDO— Arrived July 13— Stmr Brooklyn,
hence July 11.
1IAHSHFIELD— Arrived July 12— Stmr Czar
ina, hence July 10. 13 — Stmr Signal, hence
July 10.
TATOOSH— Passed In July 13— Schr Salem,
from San Pedro for Olympla; schr William
Renton. hence June 25 for Falrhaven ; schr
Oliver J Olson, from San Pedro for Ballard;
stmr Umatllla, hence July 10 for Victoria and
Puget Sound Ports; stmr Nebraskan, hence
July 10 for Seattle and Tacoma.
Passed out July 13 — Bktn John C Meyer, fm
Ballard for Ban Pedro.
SEATTLE — Arrived July 13 — Stmr Tampico.
from Nome.
Sailed July 33— Stmr City of Puebla, for San
Francisco.
BALLARD— Arrived July 12— Schr Maria H
Smith, from San Pedro.
WESTPORT— Arrived July 13— Stmr West
port, hence July 12. and sailed for Bear Harbor.
SANTA BARBARA — Arrived July 12 — Stmr
Scotia, from Bowens Landing. 13 — Stmr Santa
Rona, henc« July 12, and sailed for San Diego.
PORT TOWNSEND — Passed In July 13 — Schr
Salem, from Son Pedro for Olympla.
EUREKA— Arrived July 13— Stmr San Pedro,
hence July 12; stmr Corona, hence July 12;
atmr Arctic, hence July 12.
TACOMA— Arrived July 11— Stmr Lyra, from
Hongkong. 12— Stmr Leelanaw. hence July 9.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed July 13 — Schr Alum
na, for San Francisco.
SITKA — Arrived July 10 — U B itmr Burn
«Ide. from Nagasaki.
FAIRHAVEN— Arrived July 13— Btmr Olym
pla. hence July 7; schr B K Wood, hence-
June 27.
EVERETT— Arrived July 13— Stmr Melville
Dollar, from Seattle.
WHATCOM— Sailed July 11— Schr Challen
ger, for Monterey. 13 — Stmr Rainier, for San
Francisco. _
GRAYS nARBOR— Sailed July 11— Btmr Cor
onado. for San Francisco. 12 — Schr J H Bruce,
for San Francisco.
Arrived July 11— Brig Lurllne, hence June 23;
schr Volant, hence Juna 24. 12— Schr C A
Thayer, from I^evuka.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived July 13— Stmr Samoa,
hence July 11; stmr Sequoia, from Tacoma.
Sailed July 13 — Barge ganta Paula, for San
Francisco in tow of tug Rescue.
MENDOCINO— Sailed July 13 — Stmr Gualala,
for San Kranclsco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed July 13— Br
Btmr Tottenham, for Portland.
EASTERN PORTS.
Southern Pacific Closes Its
Ticket Office at That
Point.
Sensational Hearing Be
fore Police Board
Expected.
Pacific Liner Encounters Heavy Head Winds During the
Last Three Days of Her Voyage,, but Weathers the
Blow and Lands Passengers Safely at the Mail Dock
Valencia Street Station
No Longer in Gen
eral Use.
HOLBROOK SEEKS
HOOPER'S SCALP
THROUGH TRAINS
SAVED ONE STOP
STEAMSHIP DORIC BRINGS BIG CARGO
OF TEA FROM THE FLOWERY KINGDOM
fHE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 14, 1903. >
10
THE WEEKLY CALL, $1 PER YEAR!
ADVERTISEMENTS.
No soap in all the
world is so cheap.
No soap in all the
world* is so good — none
so lasting.
Sold all over the world.
CUTLLEFXV
EVES/JLADEMRRANIID
, RAILWAY TRAVEL.
California ,
Limited...
to CHICAGO
f^^ffl^^j For Those Who
SANTA FE TBAINS.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
I Local I Llm'd I Local I Ov-'rl'd
I Dally I Daily | Dally | Dally
Lv. San FranT^ 7730 a 9:30 aj 4:00 pi 8:00 p
Ar. Stockton... 10:40 a 12:01 p 7:10 p 11:IB p
"Merced 1:05 p 1:55 p| 1:28 a
"Fresno 2:40 p 3:20 p 3'15 a
••Hanford .. 4:58 p 4:07 p 7:50 a
" Vlealla 4:55 p 4:48 p 5:00 a
"Bakersfield 7:15 p 6:00 p 7 35 a
" Kansas City 2:35 a.. 7:00 a
"Chicago 2:15 p 8:47 p
a for mbn.ieg; p for afternoon.
7 :30 a. m. Dai.y is BaVsrsfleld Local, stop-
ping at all points ln San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:55 a. m. dally.
9:30 a. m. Monday and ' Thursday i; the '
CALIP OBJSriA LIMITED, carry iiij- Pal-
ace Sleeping" Cam and Dining Cars
through to Chicago. Chair car runs to Bakera-
fleld for acconimcnlntion of local first-class pas-
sengers. No second-class tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrives at
11 :10 p.m. Tuesday and Friday.
9:30 a. m. Dally, Valley Limited. Composite
Car and Reclining Chair Car between Bakers-
field and San Francisco. ¦ Corresponding train
arrives at 11:10 p. m. daily.
4:00 p. rn. Is Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives at 11:10 a. m. dally.
8 :00 d. m. dally Is the ¦ Overland Express
with through Palace ¦ and Tourist Sleeper* and'
Free Reclining Chair cars, to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 6:25 p. m. dally.
- Personally conducted parties for Kansas City.
Chicago and- East leave, San Francisco every
Monday, '.Thursday and: Saturday at 8 p. m.
flees — 641 Market street and . In Ferry De-
sat. San Francisco: '1112 Broad war. Oakland.
| .-¦-.-.- T —~'
When You
Go Hast
Let mo attend to the details of your
trip, and relieve you of all the respon-
sibility and worry. That's what our
office force is here for — at yonr ser-
vice. Through glorious Colorado from
Salt Lake City to Denver, aad then on
' to Chicago, St. Louis and Boston.
That's the way we take yon. It's the
roost intensely interesting rida in
America.
Kindly let me hear from yon.
W. D. SANBORN, Gen'l Agent Burlington Roate.
631 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
C90 Phone. Main 1188.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN 111. CO.
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
haixway coaspAirr.
Tibnron gcrry. j'oot of MaxKtt St.
SAW PBAHCISCO TO SAZT SAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. S:0O, »:0O. ll:0O a. m- :
12:35. 2:30. 3:40. 5:10, 6:50. tt:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30, 8:C0, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
2:30, 3:40. G:10. 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAN BAPAE1 TO SAJT rRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:05, 6:50, 7:35. ,T:50. »:2U.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50, t2:00, 3:40. 5:00. 5:2W.
6:25 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p.m.
SUNDAYS — 6:50, 7:35, 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:45,
3:40, 4:50. 6:00, 6:2O. 6:10. 6:25 p. m. tEx-
¦ cept Saturdays.
Leave ! I In Effect I » Arrive
gan Franclsco-I May 3, 1903. |San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- | Week
Days. \ daya. | tloa. JjJaya. | Days.
7:30 a 77*5 a 7:45~a
7:30a 8:00a 8:40a 8:4Oa
8:00 a 9:30 a Iffnacio. 1O:2O a 10:2.) a
2:30 p 2:30 p ¦ 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 6:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
7:25 p -
7:30a 7:30a 7:43 a 7:45 a
8:00 a 8:00 a JJovato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma. 6:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa.
7 :ao a 7:30 a \ 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a > Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30p 2:30 p 7:25 p
Windsor,
7:30a 7:30a Healdsbur?, 10:20a 10:20a
Lytton,
2:30 p 2:30 p Geygervllle, 7:25 p 7:25 p
I Cloverdale^
7:30a|7:30al Hopland ]10:2O a!10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
7:30 al 7:30 a[ Wllllts. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Camp Vacation. 110:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Ouftrnevllle. |7:25p 6:20 p
8:00 al 8:C0al Sonoma. I 8:40 al 8:40a
5:10 p| 5:10 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:00 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 7:30 al 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 pj 2:30 p| Sebastopol. | 7:25 pf«:2U p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln, at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark
West Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs;
at Geysenrllle for Skaggs Springs; at Clover-
dale for the Geysern. Booneville and Green-
wood; at Hopland for Duncan Springs, High-
land Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs.
Soda Bay. Lakeport'and Bartlett Springs; at
Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Sprim*?,
Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake Witter Springs,
Upper Lake, Pomo. Potter Valley, John Day's.
Riverside. Llerly's, BuckneU'n. Sanhedrta
Heights. Hullville, Orr's Hot Springs, Half-
way House, [ Comptcne, Camp Stevens, Hop-
kins. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. Westport.
Usal: at Wllllts for Fort Bragg, Westport,
Sherwood, Canto. Covelo. LaytonvlIIe, Cum-
mtngs. Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's, Dyer
Garbervllle, Pepperwood. Scotia and Eureka
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday— Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. . • R. X. RYAN 1 .
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pag. Agt.
TO SAN RAFAEL
SAH QUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADZRO.ETC.
via Sausalito Terrj
WEEK DAYS (Holidays excepted)— «3:45.
t*7:45, 8:45. 9:45, 11 a. m.. 12:20. »1:45. 3:15,
4:15. t5:15. *6:15. 6:45, 0, 11:45 p. m.
7:45 a. m. train week days does not run to
SUNDAYS AND LEGAL HOLIDAYS— 7.
tS. t*». t*10. 11. tll:30 a. m., U2U5O. t*l:3o.
2:35 »3:50, C 0. 7:30, 9, 11:45 p. m. "
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
Those marked (t> to Fairfax, except 5:15 p. m .
Saturdays. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train
runs to Fairfax.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week days— 5:25, J8:25. 7:40. 8:15. J9 : a5
11:05 a. m.. 12:30. 2:20. $3:45, 4:50. 5:30. 6:43
10:20 p. m. •
, SUNDAYS— 6:15. 7:35. JS:10. 9:40. tlOM
111:45 a. ,m.. 12:50. .2:30. W:25. 4:40. J5 5o"
«:55 7:33. 10:20 p. m. * >w '
Tralnj marked (J> start from San Quentin
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN'-
CISCO — Week days — 5:45, 6:40. 7:45. 8->*i
9:45. 11:10 a. m.. 12:40. 2:45. 5;15. 5:10 7 : 05.'
10:40 p. m. "^
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 7:55. 10. 11:10 a. m. 1205
1:C5. 2:40.. 3:45. 4:53, 0:05. 7:10. W.vi i^
THROUGH TRAINS. P " "•
'7:45 a. m., w*ek days— Cazadero and way
stations. , ; 4- -
6:1? p. m.. week days (Saturday*, excentedi
— Tomales and way stations. »••.-«».»
: 3:15 p.- m.. Saturdays— Cazadero and war
stations. ' . *
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 8 a. m Caza-
dero and way station*.
Sundays and Legal Holidays— 10 a. m Point
Reyes and way rotations.
TICKET OFFICE— <£« Market it.
• FERRY— Foot of Market st_
MENANOWOMEIf.
•rara^CUKEa^Wa CeBigGforunn.turst
JEBS& I* t to t i»r»-\3 diiclifcrges.inatnimatlont.
|«V Om»r»nued lrriutions or ulcerationj
gL*^ ; ot " " 7"" "•. of mucous membrsneg.
K?HlT«c«y^ruTil^Hr 1 ii p » ln '»". »»d not sitria*
Jfi»sTH£EVAKSCHEM[C*lCO. gent or poinonoui
"Igfflk CINCia!(lTI,O.^^ Sold by I>rn»!s(s,
V^k CB.4. -2kI or Mnt ln " l4ln *r-.pper,
n^Jiirln'ifca i»rfnrr?H ° r exprsM. prepaid, for
TggfffflBBgri •100. or 3 bottles 12.73.
y ClrcaUf tect on request.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
(MUa Line, root of iUrfcet 8tre«» > +*
latTK - r*oM JP»» 2>. I-* 18 - ~ 11M^
~7.C0a Ben»«-1». Balsna, Blialraw** 8»crv
niento •••• vs2?
7.00a VtenTllle, Winter*. Brnnacy....—. /-26»
7 JO a X'artlnc*. 8»a l:*mon. V»llejo» _
Naya. Callstog*, 8»ot» Ro«« fisl
7-JOa i;ilf». Latbrop. Stockton........... 7.26*
8 00a D«TU.Woo«i:>r.<t. KntirUO L.inJUvt
Jinrysvllle. OrorMe. (eonneou
»tM»ry»TiUe lor Grtdley, lilgs*
andCW<-o> -C"* «Z»f
8 CO* Atlantic Eir>rfM-OBaen»n««B»««. 10^5*
B COa *vn Cnsta. Umrtinei. AnUoeh. By-
roB.Tr«cy.Sto<kton.S«cr«m«nta.
Los tnnoi. Mendota. IUnfqrd.
Vlnlln. l'orteiTlU* j-..««4JS»
B.00* Tr-rt Costa. Marttnei. Lalhrop. M»
desto. Mrrred. Kre.no. Go.h«
JacctKt.. Uanford, \Ualta.
E*ter«fleld B "* W
8.50a 6fe»»M Errr^M— Dnrls. WJtlUint
(f,,r D»rt:ett Spring*). •WlUawa,
+Krnto. Heil Tlnff. Portliwd J.lR»
8.30a JTile*. Saa Jo»e. LlTerwre. Bttx-c-
to3,Ione.Sacr»meoto,l»l>»cerTtn«,
JlaryrrlHo. CHlco. l:ed Blcff..... 4-25»
1.50a O«k'.»lr. Cl>!ne»e. jBmeatown. 8o-
nor». Tnolumne »od Ansels ..... « Z3»
9/Ta SUrtlnrs and W»y Stations ,2'SfJ
10LO-* V;:llejo 1Z.ZS»
•104W* Ciefcentaty Kxrrewi, Eastbonnd,
—Port Coit*. Ujron, Tr»ey, L»-
ttrop. Stockton. Merced. Ray
mona. rrc»no. Hanford. VUAlla.
Bdkerotlcld. !*• Amreic» and
Sew Or!riin«. <Wr«tbound %*¦
rives •» Pacinc Cc»»* Eipreu.
ilaCoaot Line) #1^01
10 COa The Oyerland Llmlmd — UBfeB.
Denyrr, (+w»ba. Chicago 5 »*
1200k Haywarii. Nllct a»«l Wi»y Stations. 3.2S»
ti.COr SacrxTneotn ItlTer Stearaerm. 111.00*
SJOr Bentcla. \rtntora, Saer«m«nto,
Wocdlnpd, Williams, Coluw.Wil-
lows. Katjchta Landing. Mary»-
•»llle. Ororine and way * tatlon*.. 10-&BA
5J0f Haywanl. Nile* and Way SUtlona.. Jb&r
4X0r Wart:nez.Si»nlUmon.VaUejo.Kapa,
Cnllntrpn. Santa llo«» m.. ... .J-"*
4.00r M»rtlner.Tracy.lJ»H3rop.SUc5£tOtt. 10 25a
4 COp Ktltr*. I.lv*nnore. Sto»kto». Lodl.. 4.25*
430P Haywurd. NHf-s. lrrlnston, S»n I 18.6S*
J< »c. Ll»ennore i tll.OOA
6C0i» The OmI Mmit«U— rrcino.TnI»xo,
Hnkennelil. I.'.s Anuvl«-n; ron-
nrcU at Suoyua tor Santa Bur-
b«ra 8.58a
8-COr Fort Coata. Tracy, fctocktun, Loa
l!tsoo 12-?S»
15.307 Klles. aur Jok Lo«-»i 7-25*
6 COp n«y*ard.Nlle»acd Sun Jons. 10-26*
6X0? Orleutnl JJall — Citden. Penrer.
Onmtia. M, I.ov-Ik. Ctalca^o and
Kast. (Carrie* Pullxnan Car pa*
¦ecgcri only out of San Fran-
cl.'co. Tourist ear and eoarh
padwagen take T.U) p. u. traia
to Ktjr.o, fnr.tli.ulne tbenco la
" their ran 6 p.M.tmJu eainwanl.. 4.23*
ITrstbcunA. £ansct Limited.—
From >'ew York. Chicago. New
Orlrnns. El Paso. Loa AEgelea.
J ret-no. Brrenda. Raymond drcia
Yoceinlte), Martloei. Arrlyes.. 8 25*
7 C0i> Baa Pablo, Port Costa. MarUnes
ar.d V.uy StalloEa... 11. 25*
17.C0T VaUeJo 7.65»
7C0f Port Lost*. Bcnlcla, Snlsua, DaTla,
eacrtmento. Truckee, Reao.
Etopn at all nations eaat of
Sacramento ...................... 7-58*
8X5 p Oregon a CalMornia Exprxst— Sao-
ramento, MarysTllle. Keddlag.
Portland. Puget S<und and Ease 8S5*
1 tS.IOr Bayward, Nllea aad San Jose (ioa-
««yor.ly) t11.6Sa
11.25p Port CofltA. Tracy, L*ttrop, Jlo-
deito, Merced, Raymond (to To-
teintte), freaco 12-2S9
Hanford. Vl»alla. B*ker»aeld 5.2ST
COAST LINE (Harrow tangt). "
(jfootuf M»r>tt 8tra«t)
"t7-«5A Santa Croz Excursion (Smaday
only) 13.10*
8.15a Sewnrk. Centenrme. 8aa Jota,
Feltoa, Donlaer Creek. 8ant*
. Crui and Way Stations 8 25»
12.15r Kewark. Ccnterrtlle. Saa Jo«a,
5ew Alma(>n. Lo» Gato«. v eltOB,
Boalder Creek. 8anta Cms aad
Prlnetpa) Way Statlona 10-53*
4.16* Kewark. San Joir. Loa Gatoa and)
way stations (on Saturday and
SnDday rnna (aroagh to Santa - «
Crat. connects at Feltoa tot
Boulder Creek. Monday only
firm Santa Crox) tS.BS^
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN >'KA> CISCO, f out of Market St. (SltsSk
— 17:13 »:0O 11.00 a.m. 100 300 B-1Sr.it.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Ttroadway — tb:0O J3:J»
t«:(» 10:00 a.m. 12.QQ 2.QQ 4.QQ t.m.
COAST LINE (Uroad Uaag«).
(Third anrt Townsend Streeta.)
6.10a Ban Jo*e and Way Stations 73Cr
t7 COa S«a Jo»e «n<l "Way Stations 830*
/7 00a New Almaden y4.1Q»
17.15a Monterey and Santa Crtu Excur-
sion (Sunday oaly) til t/w
•8-OOa Coa*t Line Limited— 8toj>* only Saa
JoM.Gllroy.Bolllster.Pajaro.Ca*-
troTllle. Pallnaa. Saa Ardo.Paa*
Roblea. Santa Margarita, Saa Lots
<tt>lspo.(PTlnr]pal «tatlonstbenee>
Banta Barbara, and Loa An-
jeles. ConneetJoa at CastroTlIl*
to and f rum Monterey anrt Padflo
Urote and at Pajaro north bon&d
. .„ _frcm Capltola and SantaCrnz.... 10.48*
8X0a g»a Jow, Tres Plnoa, C»pltolal lu '* am
|aataCrnz.PaclncOroTe.SaItnaa.
fan Lol» Oblapo and Prloetpml
Intermediat* . Station* . 4.1S»
IFeftbound only. Pactar Conut Ex»
prera.— From JTew York.Cblcanw
liew Orleans. El Paso. Los An*
in Tin -*«''•• s «"'«, Barbara. Arrrres.. 1J0»
11 J0a ean Jose, Los Qatos and Way Sta-
tlom * K.3SP
,A™f 6»n Jo«e and Way Stations {3.40*
n3.C0PDel Monte F.xpre»»-Ssnta Claril •****
* S ln . Jt^- Del Monte. Monterey.
raclflc GroTe (connects at Santa
Clara, for Snnta Crn». Boulder
aSJO» r, Cl , e , rk • nd Points) t12-18»
03+.QT EnrUDjtsroe. San Msteo. Kedwood.
Alenlopark. Palo Alto, Msyfield.
Won u tHln V lew. Lawrence. Sant*
Clara, 6*n Joae. GUroy (cocneo
Oon for BoUlster. Tres «1no8>.
Pajaro (connection for Watson*
vllle. Cap/tola and Santa Cms).
Pacific GiOTe and way itatlona.
» Connect! at Castrovtlle for S»v
* Unas ........... 10.48a
J2e»2* e »B Jiscai.1 War 8t#t»onp 8.38a
•t»X0p San Jc«e. (tU Santa Clara) Let
ii atos. Wright and PrinclpaJ Way
. " _ Statlona »q nn>
o{|.;Cr e«nJo*e»i)rtrr;nclpiinV!»r9t»t!oa» t8CflA
•IB.IBp San Mateo, neresford.Bem>oBt. Saa "••****•
Carlo*. Redwood, Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto t8 43»
6.3C* Saa Jose and Way Stations IlSSl
•7.CCP Sunset Limited. Eastboand.— Saa * Mao *
Luis Ohl.xpo. Ssnta Bnrbara, Loa
AriRi-if s. l-rnilnir. El Paio. New
Orleans. Xew York. (Westbound
snlve»vl»f»nJr.sqalnV»Uey)... v8 ?3a
8. COr Palo Alto andTT«»ySta»oni«^.... ioi«7
"11.201 Mtlltrae.Pala Alloand Way Sti- lu " lOA
¦ 11 XQt MlllbrseVsVn" Jo'sV* and'WaT*sii> tfl - 4S>
tlon » J* '*-
- Aior^raiBj. - P for AneraooBl""^
X Sstnrdsy and Snnday only. -«««.
i t tors at all stations on Sunday.
i Sunday ezcepted. i Saaday onlr
{•Saturday only. -
• Connects atGoshea Jc. with trains for R*r<tnm*
\ Stops Santa Clara sontn bound cnlr r«in....
except Suncay. for ail joints yarrow OiiniL^^^
fDces'not »toD at Yale&cla fit. """*>*
MOUNT TAMALPA1S RAILWAY
Leave Ti* Saottiiia ferry Arriv- '
SaaFran. rMrfMar^a, 7 San Fran.
H|| w S^
¦sto4>7» salj. tow 8;3Op tI rrtT»iy. j'iTsg;
I™™ 1 •^ A -' ltItT St - (-^<>rlh Shore RaUToad;
OWICB Mad Sausalito Furrv Foot MartetS^
The sensible pj^ fPL -«^
way east. P^V<£5§^ pis
6o# of the people §M
who cross the conti- V>$i ft^ y^li V l > )MmMm&
nent make the trip in Y&j ' £Q^S||1§I?§^|
a touristsleepingcar. fTPY/* $t&&4 fe : '^V 1
1 1 is the sensible £ '?C3>^"^&kPlSm * I
less expensive than j|
traveling in a stand- . a
ard sleeper,' and almost as comfortable. % h
But be sure you go the right way — via tne is.oi.*w |
Island. "Scenic" or "Souther/i" route, whichever |
' Soatbern route cars leare San Francisco t > * er " ri
— «^afe*Mftt»~B-!» tonally conducted three times a wrek. *„„.':.»*- Pi
>jrS£irta > fi/j*ia5^ Scenic line cars leave Saa tnncisco V. eanes-aj*, ft
lillm «M(illil3 Saturdays and Sundays. ?i,v.» office*. H
A*it for lolder. Tickets at Southern Pacific ticket oinces. £j
IbSji nr iKU& ' Finf TKOJirso.v, G. \V. A., §3
ffiSfiP* L vg0r g HBp§a 623 Market St., San Fraacisco, Cat. MGeneral Merchandise.
NEW YORK. July 13.— Spot tin was £2 2s
fid higher In London to-day at £125 12s Cd
and futures closed £2 10s higher at £123. Lo
cally, tin. Influenced by tho advance abroad
was also firm, closing at 527 50<g27 75. . -
Copper was about 6s lower In London, where
spot closed £5(5 7s Cd and futures at £53 17s
6d. Locally, copper was quiet, with lake and
electrolytic quoted at $13 73©14 and casting
at $1» 23^13 60. ¦
Lead advanced 2s 3d In London to £11 6s 3d
and was unchanged here at f4 12>4.
Spelter was in demand at £20 17s (3d In
London and firm locally at $C@C 12J4.
Iron closed at 62s 4d In Glasgow and at 46s
I>/jd In Mlddlesboro. Locally, Iron was quiet
and . nominally unchanged. No. 1 foundry.
Northern,. $18 60619 60; No. . 2 "do, $17 50®
18 CO: No. 1 foundry. Southern, and do soft,
$18© 18 60. . -. ;. •:. :,
New York Metal Market,
Poultry opened the week steady. There wax
a good demand for" large fowls and two earn
of Western Hens that were en sale cleaned up
well at steady prlcca. Receipts of domestic
were very l!ffht. as usual on Monday, and all
quotations stiUiil as before. Game was in
light receipt and cleaned up readily at steady
VoULTRY— Live , Turkeys, nominal; Geese
per pair. J1©1 23; Gosllnpj, $l@l 25; Ducks'
$3 50<{i.4 50 per doxen for old anil 1 ; for
young; Hens. $4 50(&i» 50; young iiooofrs $,sg;
10; old Rooster.-, $4 50#5 CO; Fryers ,<4 50@.«^-
Broilers. *J '*»-ii tor large and *_• .-.off?:; (of
email: .-Pigeons. $1 50S1 75 per dozen for oid
crd $1-75. for squabs. ( .-•.¦•
OAMK— R»bbit»>. ¦ SI .25<il Bo ner dozfn-
Hare. $1@1 23; Wild Doves, $1@1 50 per dozen!
Poultry and Game.
SOUTH ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. July 13.—CAT
TLE— Receipts. 1200; 10S15c highe!*. Natives.
S4ig5 25; cows and heifers. $1 50@4; sto^kers
and feeders $3g4 10.
HOGS— Receipts. 3700; 5®10c lower. Light
$5 30(85 40; medium and heavy, $3 23S5 35
SHEEP— Receipts. 2007; steady.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: No. 3 spring wheat. 75©1Sc; No. '_¦
, red. 70U87B%c; No. 2 corn. r>u-">ic; No. 2
yellow, 50V«c: No. 2 oats, 37«4<§38lie: No. 3
white, 3a I ,5«?40c: No. 2 rye, 3Oc; good feeding
barley. J0^-i3^c; fair ¦ to choice malting,
t$S.4S*c; No. 1 flaxseed. flse; No. 1 Northwes
tern. 51 1)2; prime timothy seed. f'J 40; mess
pork per bbl, $14 0(Xffl4 OG; lard, per 100 lbs,
17 40S7 50; short ribs sides (loose). $S 2008 ;«;
dry salted shoulders (boxed). $7 75® 7 S7>4;
short clear sides (boxed), $8 0O&8 C2^; whis
ky, baste of high wines. $1 30; clover, con
tract grade. ?11 30<gll 75.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments..
Flour, barrels 22,300 10,000
Wheat, busliels 25,100 89,000
Corn, bufhela 3W.700 231,000
Oats, bushels 2CS.200 21S.O0O
Rye. bushels 7,«00
Barley, bushels 17.600 l.fcOO
On the Produce Exchange to-day the But
ter market was easy; creameries. 15@20e:
dairies, 14@16c: eggs steady at mark, catcs
included, 13S14^c; cheese, steady. lOtfll'/iiC.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — July Sept. Dec
Opening « «*i « 4 « 3ii
Closing 6 Cri ti 3T4 0 3"-»
PARIS.
Wheat — July. Nov.-Feb. .
Opening Holiday.
Closing Holiday.
Flour —
Opening Holiday.
Closing Holiday.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. July i:j.— CATTLE— Receipts
23.000, including 1000 Texans; Western,
steady. Good to prime steers, $5@5 50- poor
to medium. $3 W)(g5: itoekers and feeders
« 50©4 50; cows. $1 50@4; heifers, $2 25 a
4 40; cannem, $1 5(x?2 SO; -bulls, $2 2304
calves, $2 f>0iff6: Texas fed steers, $3 25©4 75
HOGS— Receipts to-day 52.000; to-morrow.
10.000; left over. 5200; 13920c lower. Mixed
and butchem. $5 25J75 55; good to choice
heavy. S3 40<25 50; rough heavy, $5®5 :»5
light *5 40<S5 70; bulk cf sale*, $3 334*5 ZA)
SHEEP— Receipts. 15,(XK). Sheep, strong!
Lambs. 15?i25c higher. Good to choice weth
ers *."! 75&4; fair to choice mixed, ?3B3 50-
Western sheep. $2 G0&3 75; native lamba
$3 25@C 40.
- 8T. JOSEPH.
NEW YORK. July 13— Th'.r* wxg further
drastic liquidation of stocks to-day, but lt be
ctm" apparent toward the latter part of the
dzy't rtrsion that the be.srs had over-extended
their »hort contracts and they took frig!it over
th« (scarcity of tee cCcttagl brought out by
their rtlher urgent bida to cover. The result
wes a *>trcnr rally, which wiped out practl
raliy all of the day's earlier lotef-% end .estab
:.sl:ea net trains running to a point for some
cf the leaillr^ active stocks. The anthracite
oarri*r* were cont-i«icucug In the rally, ani
New York Central bliared in the recovery quite
»ct«bly. New York Or.tral showed tome signs
< f UKr.f eupported throughout, although the
irenerai weakness of the market was due to the
:<c<-t'i wide decline in that Cock as much a*
to er.y en* thimr. Its extreme decline *ts two
j.c!r.ti! but the low price at ll.'J'.i v.e.s but mo
la'jita'ry. Pennsylvania wnn rather more se-
KCSdy ututj than New Yoi-k Central, and lt
was fcrcf d (Jo*n tr.rougli the ccbecrii'tlcn price
of 120 to 119*4: These tr.-o great trunk lln«
levies' Sa conwaiuence reached a lower price
tr.a;i Tor tose yearn past. Many other low
i<'.o:<:» for tl:!s year trere made among the.
Granger Pacifies. Southwestern, Vanderbilts.
:<< :v Y ,-rk jnjbllc ut.il. tie*, the Express »tocks.
Analcanutcd Copper and ether industrials and
epcci«luctt IlUnols Central dropped 4=i. 8t.
It". 2% Manhattan T-% and some of the la
activr Mock* mat!) larger amounts. Chicago.
Bt. ! i.'..:, Minr.eajMDlis and Omaha slumped two
• ¦ B a Haste eale. and Biff Four droj-ped
'•<. Much cf in!* v.f-akn««£s was the result of
¦elites order* accumulated over Sunday by
rr.a:: and te!«sraph at a r*rult of an uneazi
n-t* .^at'd ijy lirt »*^lf e trading. The pro
teceiMai tracers w«>re quick to detect attempts
to extent* t!-e Mlllnsr orders and were very
*>''•<! in tiking the market from under them and
buy'.cg to cover at a profit when the long stock
c«n-.e u;*,n the market. Tho day's numerous
fpawnodir; rallies wcr«s evidence of these pro
c*«!iKr» by the ijeax clement. A small engage
ment of gala for export on Tuesday, the large
J'jks of bar.kz on account of la«t Saturday's
rold lli'iwinuu indicated by the #ob- treasury
fipurr* and a «rong tone In the time money
market. wh:-h carried rat« for elx months' ;
Joant to tii^s p, r c* Bti were additional In
cuceinmts to t*ll. Cabl« reports were deceived
« attersj/t* by American borrowers to secure
JUTidi in Berlin without success. Paris was re
*>crted an urrest bidder for iroid in I^ondon In
prer.arci.ion tcr a Russian loan and London
tool had to meet an Installment on the Trane
vem i^tj to-morrow. But for all this there
»•»« tin *rtive demand for Mock* for London
«>ccrn:nt. The «¦« kly Ptatlttics of railroad
traffic were very favorable. The late rally In
the market »•« not fully held to the laet and
•*tiv ln * *'" nttl " r 'rreP 11 **" * Dd very
The bend market chared In th« early weak-
Mtt cf etocki aad recovered when the- stock
New York Slock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn. $l@l 50 per
sack; crates from Alameda. $1^1 CO; from
Berkeley, 65c@$l; Asparagus, J2 25©2 30 per
box for extra fancy, $1 75(}J2 for No. 1 and $l«j
1 50 for No. 2; Green Peas, 3Q5c per lb; String
Beans. 2»i@4c per lb; V.'nx, 24«?4e; Tomatoes,
."Ofi75c for small boxes and 51 50*32 for large
hoxta from the river; boxes and crates from
Los Angeles. 75cGfl: Summer Squash $1©1 23
per box; Cabbage. 75c©$l per ctl; Carrots. 75c
0*1 per sack; Cucumbers, 40®50c per box for
Marysville and ?l*il 23 for bay; Garlic 24«J
3Vjc per Ib; Drlerl Peppers, 5c per lb; Green
Peppers. 75c<fi$l 25 per box; Green Okra 15c
per lb; Egs Plant, $1 2501 50 per box.
POTATOES— New White. ,75c(g? I per ctl In
sacks and $1 1001 50 in boxea. with some fan
cy higher; Early Rose, 83cg$l; Garnet Chiles.
$1«1 15; old Burbanks from Oregon, $1 35@
1 00 per ctl.
ONIONS — Red, 25@40c per sack; Sllversklns,
65<ft70e per ctl.
Receipts of new Potatoes were heavy end
as there was no demand for shipping the mar
ket had an easier tone and prices were lower
all around. As usual a few lots of strictly
fancy ripe stock commanded a small premium
over the quotations. Trading In old Burbanlc9
was light and prices were unchanged. The
steamer due from Oregon to-day will bring
about 1400 sacks. Onions were In ample sup
ply and yellow were fairly steady at the pre
vlorsly quoted rates.
Changes In 'vegetables were, slight. Summer
Squash, Cucumbers and Tomatoes continued
to move freely at 6teady prices and Peas and
Asparagus cleaned up quickly at previous quo
tations. Green Corn was steady for good
stock, but i>oor and wormy stock, which was
in free supply, was hard to dispose of. String
Beans and Green Peppers were generally weak
and only the very best offerings received any
attention. • . .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Previous prices rule, with a quiet market.
BEANS— Bayos. ?.l «0®3 70; Pea, fi 23^3 50;
Butters. S3 23; small White. $11 15<2:J SO; larja
White $2 »0S3 10: Pink. $2 S5.#3 10; Red
$2 00(g3; Lima, $3 45@3 CO; Red Kidneys, nom
inal; P.lackeye. $2 5003 per ctl; Horse Beans,
$1 25<ai 33.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard. $3® 4; Flax. $1 00#2; Canary. 54c for
Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, l%@24e;
Timothy, 0@64c; Hemp. :JVi©3Vic per lb; Mil
let. 3®3Hc: Broom Corn Seed, |1S@2O per ton.
DRIED PEAS — Nominal— none here.
Beans and Seeds.
Oil Stocks — Bid. Asked.
Caribou Oil Co S3 05
Four Oil 72
Hanford Oil 112 00
Home Oil 2 95 3 CO
Imperial Oil 19 On
Independence Oil 18 17
Junction Oil 20
Kern Oil 5 374
Lion OH « 07
Monte Crlsto Oil 1 00 1 C5
Monarch Oil 52 55
OH City Petroleum 2» 31
Peerless Oil 13 73 14 50
Reed Crude Oil IS 40
San Joaquln Oil 8 75
Sterling Oil 2 90 3 00
Thirty-three Oil ' 8 25
Twenty-eight Oil 3 50
Union Oil 6S CO
United Petroleum 11» HI .
West Shore Oil 3 50
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land A Improvement. 1 20 1 40
Alameda Sugar 29 CO
American Biscuit 93 CO 100 00
American District Tel .:...
Bay Counties Power
Cal Central Gas A Electric
California Cotton Mills .... S3 00
California Jockey Club 103 00
California Powder
California Shipping Co 25 CO
Cal Title Ins & Trust 130 00 110 CO
Central Bank of Oakland... 60 00
Chutes Company 9 to
City and County Bank . ......
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 6 12VJ .....
Eastern Dynamite
Ewa Sugar Plantation
'Gas Consumers' Association 22 5O
Honolulu Sugar 19 50
London ASF Bank (Ltd.) . .....
Mercantile Trust
Northern California Power 9 75
Nevada National Bank
North Shore Railroad lOW
Orpheum Company 16 00
Pacific States Tel A Tel.... 122 50
Paraffins Paint 3300
Postal Device A Imp 2 25
San Francisco Dry Dock... 47 00
Sausallto Land A Ferry.... 18 00
Sperry Flour Company 32 00
Standard Electric is oo
Truckee Electric : 13 00 16 CO
Union Sugar 22 50
United Gas A Electric .... 34 50 ,
Western Fish Company
OFFICIAL SALES.
Morning- Session.
Board— . !; ;;;..-,,;
100 Monarch Oil B2
43 Junction OH 20
Afternoon Session.
Board — , .~*<.j
IOO Alma Oil 1 50
1000 Home Oil 2 l»5
100 Junction Oil 22
1C0O Junction Oil 21
15 Peerless Oil t ; U CO
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE. .
The following were the- sales on the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morninr Session.' .
1 200 Challenge ... 4!» 200 Sierra Nev .. 60
1300 Imperial . 06 IOO Union Con ... 89
100 Gould AC..- 40 400 Union Con ... S7
ICO Ophir 1 M 500 Yellow J .... . 75
100 Savage 19
Afternoon Session.
100 Potosl 23 SCO Belcher 13
100 Crown P ..:. 24 ICO Belcher 45
200 Yellow J .... 73 200 Utah 33
1000 Imperial 06 200 Overman 31
700 Alpha 06 200 Caledonia ....1 25
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday : .
Morninr Session.
IOO Caledonia ..1 224 200 Savage IS
100 C C A Va ..1 424 SOO Sierra Nev ..59
500 Con NY .... 18 200 Sierra Nev . . 60
200 Mexican ...1074 300 Union Con .. M
200 Ophir 1 524 300 Union Con ... 87
20V Overman '31 200 Utah ....*... 23
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Independent Electric Light and Power Com
pany (owners) with Conlin A Roberts.' archi
tects Bliss & Favllle. metal work for skylights
and roof for addition to main central power
station, between HumboMt and Twenty-third
streets, from W side of Georgia eastward; to
tal. 13240.
Builder's Contract.
Estate of Dorcas Clark (deceased) <by J. N.
Asher. executor) to Joseph A. Jeffery, lot on
S line of Hayea street. 137:6 E cf Pierce. E
26:104 by S 137 :«; $4125.
City and County of San Francisco to John
Lucassen. lot on S line of Oak street. 81:3 K
of Scott. E 25 by S 75; $ .
1 William H. and Catherine F. Reed and
Clarence T and Mary J. Cleve to George H.
Dannemark'. lot on W Hne of. Clayton street,
32 N of Frederick. N 27- by W 98:104; flO.
Susanna N. Taylor to Rachel Co; by (wifa
of Ernest H..», lot on S line of Cumberland
street. 2SO- E of Sanchez, E 25 by S 114: $10.
President and Board of Trustees of Santa
Clara College to Augustus J. Ranken. lot on
S line of Fourteenth street. 105 W of Sanchez.
W 175 by S 113; $10.
Georgena F. Ranken to same. same, quit
claim deed; $1.
Augustus J. Ranken to Carl E. Be?kman.
lot on S line of Fourteenth street. 223 W of
Sanchez. W 23 by S 115; $10.
Htberoia Savings and Loan Society to Joha
P Relmers lot on E line of Church street.
76:6 S of Duncan. S 25 ty E 100; $923.
John Sheridan (by James N. Block. Tax
Collector) to M. McCann. lot on E Un« of
Church street. 101 :fl S of Duncan. S 1 vigln
tllllonth of an Inch by E ICO. tax deed; $9.
Kate M. Delavan or Del^van to Flllppo
Busculnl. lot on N line of Union street. 123
E of Taylor. E 23:9 by N 12S:9: $5300
Zella. Nuttall (Plnavt) to Magd&lena Nut
tall undivided 1-13 of lot on NE corner of
Taylor street and Broadway. E 03. N 30. W
2 N 23:6. W »1. S 62:6; $lo.
' Magdalena Nuttall to Roberta L. Nevon
Rlgan (Grunland) and George H. F. Nuttall,
lot on NE corner of Taylor street and Broad
way E 93 N 09. W 2. N 23:8. W 01. S 62:8;
$10 *
Philip and Mary A. CDonnell to Louts
Frledland«r and Frederick K. Houston, lot oa
W line of Leavenworth. 70 N of Washington.
N 67:6 by W 137:6; $10.
Mary A. C. Bourne to Leo RosenfeldL lot on
NW line of Clementina street, 423 SW of
Fifth, SW 25 by NW 73; $10.
Edward and Sarah A. Phillips to Luther G.
Rhodes, lot on N line of Clement street. 57:«
W of Thlrty-flrst avenue. W 25 by N 100; $10.
Richard Murphy to Ann Murphy, lot on 3
line of Twenty-third avenue, IOO S of Clement
street, E 12U by S 73; also all other real estate
that I may come in possession of; girt.
Mary L. Craig (Hoffman), formerly Foster,
to Palomares Land Company, lot on E line of
Fortieth avenue, 330 S of Point Lobes avenue,
S 130 by E 120; al.-o lot on S line of B street.
128:1 W of Fortieth avenue. SW 462:7, >T
826:2. NE 126:8. B 81:3: also all Interest in>
Outside Land block 341; $10.
Hlbornla Savings and Loan Society to John
A. Daniell. lot on E line of Twentieth avenue.
173 N of B street, N 23 by E 120; $245.
Mary M. B. Martin to Harriet S. Clark, lot
on S line of M street. 00:10 E of Tenth ave
nue, E 29:2. S 150. W 120. N 30, E 90:10. .V
ICO; $10.
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Joseph
F.Dolan. lot on N lln* of Laidley street. 43O
E of Harper. E 23 by N 100, lot 20. block 20.
Falrmount: $200. *
Inter Noa Building and Loan Association to
Oscar Heyman. lot on S line of Heyman ave
nue. 70 W of Prospect. TV 23 :S by S 70. lot 90,
Hey man's subdivision of Cobb Tract; $10.
Ida Meyer to Anna Hommann (wife of
John H.) lot on W line of Stanyan street. 25
S of Parnassus avenue (Sullivan), a 25 by W
SI. portion of block C. Sunset Heights;. $10.
Catharine Storey to Amanda Mather.- Lydia
McMenomy and Mary Lumsden. lota 1114,
lllii. 1118 and 1120. gift map 3; gift.
Domenlco and Lena Navarra to Antonio Bat
taglla. lot on W line of Manchester street. 323
N of Stoneman. N 23 by W SO, subdivision 3.
lot 122. P. V. lands: $10.
John W. Quick to Georjre J. Doering lot on
W line of Douglass street. 133 N of Twenty
second. N 23 by W 123. lot 11. block 4. Nee
Garden Homestead Union, 310.
MONDAY, JULY 13L
EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Hay was weak, receipts being almost 1500
tons, and though close buyers could shade the
quotations there was no positive decline. The
feeling In Bran and Middlings was reported
rather firmer.
BUAN— »-4C25 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27©S0 per ton.
SHORTS— J'24®25 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Uarley. $22323 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $2C©26 60;
jobbing, $27<f2'< 50: Cocoanut Cake. S'JWQ'SL:
Corn Meal, $27 . r .0Q2S 50; Cracked. Corn,
$28 5C©2-.» 50; Mixed Feed, *:>2@23; Horse
Beans. $30 per ton.
NEW HAY— Wheat. $10612 50; Wheat
and Oat. $0 50®ll: Oat. $8 50&12: Barley,
$8 5O@10 50; Clover. $9910; Stock, $7 60fi8 50;
Alfalta. $0®10 per ton.
STRAW— 35@60c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Artleief — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July (Old) 79% 7,0% 76% 76»/i
July (new) 7» 7$> 7«' 4 7«H
September (old) S0»; SO'; 77% 77%
September (new) 80 80 7CTi, 77
Corn No. 2 —
July 5»<Ti fio«4 43% 40',
September 51% 514 fiO .Wfe
December 514 514 50 50
Oats No. 2 —
J-.ily 404 404 394 .":>•(,
September 31$, 34% :<4ig 344
December 35 35 34 34 &
MeJE l'ork per bbl —
July 14 20 14 20 13 00 13 itj
September 14 50 14 55 14 20 14 25
Lard per 100 lbs —
July 7 <-iO 7 «0 7 40 7 40
September 7 7O 7 77 4 7 57 4 7 07 j4
October 7 60 7 62 Vi 7 45 7 4T ; , S
Short Ribs per loo lbs—
July 8 45 8 45 8 324 « .{'i l i
t-eptember 8 45 8 45 S 324 8 324
October 8 10 8 15 7 Do 8 00
HOGS— Live Hoss. 140 to 2C0 lbs. G>4©64c;
under 140 lbs. 5Vi(&tic; Sows. 20 per cent off;
Boars. 5u per cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
The following quotations are for good, sounj
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, leas i'J
per cent shrlnkaze for Cattle:
. CATTLE— Steers. 839c; Cows and Heifers,
7CSc; thin Ccws, 40Dc per lb.
CALVES — lOMic per. lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4c; Ewes. 349J;jic per Ib
(gross weleht). .
LAMBS— Spring. f2 .5®3 per •'-ad.
Wholesale rates from elaught«rers to dealers
are as fellows:
BEEF— «4©7%c for Steers and 5yS®64c per
lb for Cows. . 1
VEAl.r— Large, 7©Sc; small. 9@3}je per In.
MUTTON— Wethers. £<Ql>c; Ewes. SflStfc
PC LAMB— Spring. 100104c per lb.
POltK— Dresred Hog*. 84®04c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
DRESSED MEATS.
The market shows no further change, and
th<* conditions which prevailed last week are
still reported.
Meat Market.
The downward tendency In Hops continues.
Late mail advices from New Vork say: "Tele
graphic adv'ces received from the coast say
that In California the Sonoma ctod will not
yield over two -thirds of an average, as hot,
dry winds the j.-ayt few days have done con
siderable damage. The market on the coast,
however, continued ecsy. and it was learned
that last week about 200 boles of desirable
Orepons sold at ISC. It was alia reported that
it was possible to secure 1903 hops in Washing
ton at 15c. Advirca received from up the State
continued to report favorable crop prospects.
No new developments were reported from Eu
rope. The local market was flat; dealers had
practically no demand from brewers, and as a
consequence they were slow buyers, claiming
there was nothing In the situation to warrant
purchases."
HluUti AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about 14c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 104c; medium, 04=; light. 84c; Cow
Hides 84c for heavy and 84e for lteht; Stars.
7c; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 10c;
Salted Ca.r. l'J4c; firy Hides, 17c; dry Kip.
14c; dry Calf. l'Jc; Sheepskins. shearlinKS. £5'9
30c 'each; short wool, 40®85c each: medium.
7oft Ode; long wool. $101 50 each; Hurce Hides,
salt $2 75 for large and $2 50 for medium, $2
for 'small and 00c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium, $1@1 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins— Dry
Mexican, 32',jc; dry salted Mexican, 20c; dry
Central American. 33c. Goat Skins — Prime
Angoras, 75c; Iarse and smooth, 60c; medium,
35c; small. 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. Mjfi'/ic per lb;
No. 2. 44«M%c; grease. 2>4@34c.
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaqum Lambs", 9®
lie. Quotations tor spring clip *re as fol'.ows:
Humboldt and Mendoclno, lS@20c; Foothill,
defective ll&13c; Nevada. i2Q13c; San Joa
quln, defective, 9®llc per lb; Southern. 99
lie; Valley Oregon, fine. ITJjlSc; do. medium.
164? 17c: do. coarse. 15® 1 0c; Lambs', 13c
per p'-und.
HOPS— 17620c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
CUKED MEATS— B*lv«.. .*4c j-«r ib lu.
heavy, 13c for light medium. 15c tor light, 154c
for uxtra light, 174c l<- 'ujrar-cured and lac
for extra sugar-cured: astern nucar-cured
Hams 154c; California Han'.s, 14V4gl5c; Mesa
Uoef. $11 50*312 c«r Ubil extra Mess. *1-W
12 flu; Family. $13 50: prim* Mess Pork. <1U;
extra clear. $20: Mess. *lh; Dry Salted Pork.
l'J4c; Pig Pork. $28; Pigs' Feet, $5 U5; bmcked
Beef, 15c p*r lb.
LARD — Tierce? quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and 10V«o for pure: half barrels,
pure, 104c; 10-lb tins, llVic; 5-lb tins, llfic;
a-lb tin?, 114c
COTTOLENE— One half barrel, 9;4c; thre«
half barrels. n%c: one tierce. f»?ic; two tierces,
84c; five tierces. 0%e per lb.
Chicago was lower, with the supply In ex
cess of the demand, stocks Increasing and
plenty of Hogs.
This market remained as previously quoted.
Provisions.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Four. $3 25 per ICO lbs: Rye
Flour, $3 25: Kye Meal. $3; Rice Flour. $7;
Ccrn Meal, $3 25; extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats. $4 50: Hominy. $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 5O4J4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 60; Fa
rina, $4 25; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50: Rolled
Oats, bbls, $6 75@8 60: In sacks, $6 2555(8 10;
Pearl Barley. |5 50; Split Peas, boxes. |7;
Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 40^
4 65 usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $t 'M'-j.
l\ 40; Oregon and Washington, $3 7O#4 per
bbl for Family and $0 70@l 20 for Bakers'.
Flour and MillstufFs.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alt* - 01 02 Julia 02 c\
Alpha (..> 00 Justice 11 15
Andes 00 11 Ken tuck 03 61
Belcher 41 46 Lady Wash.. — 03
Best A Bel. ..2 10 2 23 Mexican 1 03 1 M
Bullion 05 Oti Occidental ... SO 32
Caledonia ...1 SO 1 35 Ophir 1 55 1 60
Challenge .... 51 5^ Overman .... 30 32
Chollar 23 24,Potosl 23- 25
Con C A Va..l 4rt 1 OO'Eavage 19 2O
Confidence ...1 30 1 45 Seg Belcher... 10 12
Crown Point.. 23 23Slerra Nevada 5H 61
Exchequer... 01 02 6ilver Hill 93 —
BouIdACur.. 33 41 L'tah 34 3."
Hale & Nor... 60 62|Unlon 83 87
Imperial 05 06| Yellow Jacket 73 73
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. • Bid. Ask.
Colehan IS 20 Rescue 14 13
E&peranza ... W C8 Ton Belmont..2 00 2 1O
Eula Con ... 25 — ,T A Cal 22 —
Gipsy Queen. 26 30 Ton Fraction. — 73
Gold Con OS ifrTon »OW.. CO —
Lucky Tom... 10 — t Ton of Nev..T 73 —
MacNamara . 2« 29 Ton N Star.. 53 60
Mlzpah Exten. 35 —Ton Midway.. — 4i»
Montana Ton. 88 90 Ton Union .. — 1 00
Pine Grove... 50 — United Ton... 13 —
Paymaster ... ll* 21|Utopta — 34
MONDAY. July 13—3:30 p. m
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRUITS— New Apricots. 7©8c; old Apricots.
64@74c for Royal and 7©9c for ordinary
Moorparks; Evaporated Ap^laa, 4@5H'c: sun
dried. 3®4c: Peaehe*. 4®5Hc; Pears. 4S4 4o
for quarters and 5®«4c for halves; Nectarines,
4C5c for white: Plums, 4Q.«c for fitted anJ
l^l'-ic for unpitted; F.'gs. 34®4c for black
and 4a5c for white.
PRUNES — lt'to crop, 2»4@2%c for the four
fcSzes, with VjQ lc premium for the large sizes.
RAISINS — 1U02 crop are quoted aa follows:
2-crown loose Muscatels, 50-lb boxes. 5V;c per
lb; 3-trOwn, 5%c; 4-crown. 6c; Seedless, ioo*»
Muscatels, 5c; Seedless Sultanas, 5c; Seedless
Thompsons. 54c: '--crown London Layers, 20
lb boxes, $1 40' per box; 3-crown, $1 61); 4
crown fancy clusters. 20-lb boxes. J2; 2-crown
Dehesas, Su-tt> boxes. $2 60; tt-crown Imperials.
20-lb boxes. $3; Seeded, f. o. b. Fresno, fancy,
i-lb cartens, 7 : >;c; choice, 74c.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 sottshell, 124@13c;
No. 2. 104&llVic: No. I hardshell. lli^U'c.
No. 2. lOftlOVJc; Almond*.' lie for Nonpareils,
lO'A&nc for I XL. 10#104c for Ne Plus Ul
tra'nnd &8.8HC for l>».nguedoc; Peanuts, 5S7c
for Eastern; Pecans. 11013c ; Cocoanuts, $4 30
OS.
HONEY — Comb. new. nominal at 13@144c;
new water white extracted. 64c; light amber
extracted 6c; dark. 5©54c-
BEESWAX— 27g-0o per lb.
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
CHICAGO, July 13. — Wheat, after a strong
opening to-day, ruled for the greater part of
the session weak and the close was at a de
cline of 24@2%c. ¦ Corn, though showing some
strength early, reflected the weakness in
wheat and closed with a loss of l'&l'tc. Oats
were down %c and provisions showed a loss
of 224©50c.
Firm cables caused strength in wheat at
the opening but lt did not hold long. Septem
ber showed a gain of »*<&4c at 7;»-*<ft.sii 1. ¦ an
high point for the day. and Immediately
slumped of! on selling by some of the large
commission houses influenced by good grow
ing weather throughout the country and bear
ish construction placed on the Government re
port. Local long holders followed the lead,
and before the selling was over September had
touched 76%c. A slightly better tone devel
oped near the close, but wlfh a small cash
demand and increasing receipts, there was not
much recovery and the close was weak at 7OTs
@78c. a net loss of 24@'2%c.
There was ronsiderable weakness In corn,
due to free gelling by local traders on reports
of good weather and on the easier cables.
The opening on the early strength In wheat
was unchanged to 4c higher at fil%©51%c.
with a firm tone and at times there was fairly
good support to the market, but in the face
of the weakness In wheat, a steady decline took
place. September selling down to 604c and
closing weak at 504Q5o%o. a loss of lQl^c.
Country offerings were quite liberal with buf
little support.
Oats were lower In sympathy with corn and
wheat, but there was some good buying in de
ferred futures and prices suffered but little.
The crop situation prevented much selling and
the cash demand was light. September closed
* t c lo«-er after ranging between 34 V*,c and
34 a -;*|34"»,c, the opening figures.
Local traders bought provisions on the break,
but the buying had little strengthening in
fluence. A big run of hogs and lower prices
at the yards caused a break In the market
and the close showed a net loss for Septem
ber pork of SiOc. while lard was down 274°
and ribs 224"!?25c. Stocks are increasing and
the demand shows little improvement.
The leadli'ir futmes ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
ICO Colehan 20i SOO Gold M Con. . 10
100 Colehan 19; IOO Lucky Tom.. 10
100O Colehan 21 i 10OO Lucky Tom .. 12
250O Esperanza ... 07! CO Mont Ton .,.¦ S3
101.0 Esperanza. ... (*!' 20O Rescue 14
ICO Gold M Con.. 07; 7*H> Rescue 15
100 Gold M Con.. OS 6C0 Ton N Star.. S5
100 Gold M Con.. 09:
1100 Draper C9 40O Rescue H
1COO Esperanza ... OG 30O Ton N Star 51
500 Mont Ton ... 85 40O Ton N Star 5.;
100 Paymaster ... 19 200 Ton N Star. . to
600 Rescue 15|
Afternoon Session.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mlnlns Exchange yester
day:
Mornlne Session.
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 45] 100 Hale A Nor . «•»
200 Belcher 44 100 Mexican ...1 074
100 Caledonia ...1 274 20o Ophir 1 574
S«O Chal Con .... 50 30O Overman .. 31
20O Chal Cen 51 20O Potosl 2S
100 C C A Va .1 424 200 Sierra Nev .. »{)
200 Crown P 24 200 Utah 35
300 Gould AC.. 40! 300 Yellow J .... 7:5
200 Hale A Nor . . 63; 300 Yellow J . . . . 75
.:2^h Meridian— Pacific Time.>
SAN FRANCISCO. July 15—5 p. m.
COAST RECORD.
. STATIONS. £ - K| *f r§ |-» S
••-»?. • o
C C • • D
: ? ? : : :
B«ker So.OO 72 50 NE Clear .00!
• 'arson 23.88 76 56 N Clear .00
LurtKa 30.14 M »« N Clear .00
Fresno l*9.ftft !»« 58 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff -J9.76 K6 60 W Pt.Cldy .02
lneer«n(!enc« .29.7t5 I>0 C4 fE Clear .Cm
Loe Aneeles. ..23.K2 WJ «O SW Clear -«X)
Mt Tamalrais.«rt.O2 72 r*i NW Clear .00
Nrrth Head. . .'il}.'^2 i^> 52 NW Cloudy .0»
Phoer.ix 29.64 10S 82 NW Clear Tr.
Pocatello 2H.74 M r.0 W Cloudy .00
TortUnd 30.10 «:S 54 NW Cloudy .01
Print Reyes... 2».«s f»S W) NW Clear .00
Red Bluff 2S.»2 8« 56 SW Clear .00
Kosebur* ;M>.12 70 54 NW Clear .00
Sacramento . .2».«i «2 5<> K Clear .00
*a!t Lake 29.C0 t»« 76 NW Cloudy Tr.
Sen Franciseo. r'.i». «>2 w» M \V Clear .<X>
Pan L. Obisro.2&.H« 76 42 W Clear .00
San Dicro St.SS 7R «2 NW Clear .CO
Prattle 3<MS r.2 ttO W Rain .22
29.5*6 70 56 W Pt.Cldy AM
Tatocsh 30.^0 58 SO W Cloudy .16
Walla Wa'.la. .St«.uO 76 r-6 W Pt.Cldy .00
"\Y;nnemucea .29>4 S2 r* NW Clear .00
Yuma 29. tS 106 S2 SW Clear Tr.
¦WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
• Fair leather prevails ever the Pacific slope.
escort In Washington. Northern Utah and
Southern Idaho, where It Is cloudy. Light rain
bas fallen In Western Washington. A thun
der storm i* reported from Seattle. High
••outhwoEt wind* are reported from Southern
Ut«h.
The pressure has riren rapidly over the
ti-»rthncftem prrtion cf the country and fallen
sllpht'y over Utah.
The temperature has fallen over the northern
rcrtion cf the Pacific flcpe and remained nea:
;>¦ stationary over the southern.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hears ending midnight. Ju!y 14:
Northern California — Fair Tuesday; wanner;
ligrhl ncrthweit wind.
Southern California — Fair- Tuesday; fresh
»w wind.
Nevada — Fair: cooler Tu°s=day.
San Francisco — Fair; w&rrr.er Tuesday; light
r.crthweet wind.
G. H. WILLPON*. Local Forecwter.
Temporarily in Charge.
I'ntit and Weather Bulletin.
For the rwcr.ty-'our hours rniing 5 p. m.,
12ftn meridian time, San Francisco. July 13:
s» b» a r. n <
g£g| == ?? |1 1%
iflljl la Efife
STATIONS. £5S 5 =-r \ o \
c c ~— " "• •
3 3 S.2 : : :
; ; if j j ;
Clcvcrdale ... 89 42 Clear
Cclusa K5 57 Clear
Eureka 5S M Clear N 20
Fresno H'2 56 Clear W 6
Hanford &•'{ 45 Clear
Hollieter fe4 43 Clear
Independence. 90 C4 Clear PE IX
King City .. S2 46 Clear N Lt.
Ltverrocre ... M 48 Clear
Los Acgf'.es.. m CO Clear SW 8
Njipa 75 41 Clear
NVwmtn •• 49 Clear
Palermo 8» S» Clear R
Red Bluff RS M Clear S W 6
Facrsnntato . . £2 50 Clear S Lt.
Kan Diego ... 7S C2 Clear NW 12
Fan Francisco. CO SO Clear W 20
F. L. Obispo.. 76 42 Clear W 8
Par.ta Maria.. 71 £2 near
fcar.ta Rosa... W> 41 Clear
Ft-v-kton R4 tA Clear
Willows 84 £3 Clear E Lt.
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Kollister — Apricot drying commenced in most
orchards; pear crop of fine quality.
Hanfcrd — Crops Jn flrst-class condition.
'Willows — Weathf.r comlltior.s very favorable.
Cclura — Crop conditions unehangrd.
Fanta Maria— Beet harvt-st beginning; vrry
».¦"¦-. outlook; train thrcthing continues heavy.
Llvcrmore — Weather favorable for all cr»>;i».
Stockton — Apricot waion ccroir.g to a clas»
raridly.
Newman — ConCtiong unchanged.
Palermo — All crop* as before reported.
Clwerdal* — Seeor.fl crop of olives not very
proxr.iein*:.
Penta Rr«a — Crop conditions unchanged.
Napa — All crops doing well.
G H. WILLS'jN. Section Director.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
BId.A'k. Bid.Ask,
4s quar coup. — * 11U4 4s qr c new.1354138
4s quar reg.lll 111*; 3s qr coup. .10*4 lW'i
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — Do 5s — —
Bay CPC 5s. — IO64 Do con 5s. — 105
C C G&E 5s. — 1074 Oak W K 5s. — 100
C G & E G M Oceanic S 5s — 83
& C T 5s. — 1024 Om G R 6S.124 125
Cal-st 5s . . — — Pac G Im 4s 664 98
C C Wat 5s. — 10:! P E Ry 5s.lO6%108
Ed L & P 6s. — 128% P A C R 6s. — —
F & Cl RC».11C4 — P & O R 6s. — —
Geary-st R5s — — Powell-st Cs.llStf —
H C&S 54s.lO24 — Sac EG&R5s — 1044
H C A S 5». 9C 9K SF A SJV5s. — 121
Hon R T L6s — 103 S R of C 6s.llO —
L A Elec 5s. — — S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5s. — 1154 (1908) .... — 108%
L A L Co 6s. — — (1910) .... — 109U
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 5s.lO« — (lftO5)Sr A.1034" —
L A PlmSs.10341044 (1905)Sr B. — 105*i
Mkt-st C 6s. — — (1906) — 107Vi
Do lem 59.1174 — (1912) — 1184
N R of C 6s. — IPO s P C lcgSs.1204 —
Do 6s 119 121 Do stmpd.107% —
N P C RR5s. — 1084 S P B R C6s — 140
N C Ry 5s. — 1144 S V Wat 6s. — 107%
N C P 5s.. 100 — Do 4s 2dm e»%101
N S R 5s.. — 100 Do 4s 3dm 994 99Tj
O G L C 5s.llO — Stktn Gas fis — 102
Oak T 6s... — 122 U G & E 5a. — 107
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 59 64 (Port Costa.. M 664
Marin'Co .. 60% — (Spring Val,. 834 854
GAS AND ELECTRIC
Cent L A P. 4% 4T»|Sac E G A R 33 —
Equit Gas... 44 5 S F G A*E. 69 70
Mutual E L. i;{', t 14 S F Gas 3 3>i
Otk G L &H — — Stkn Gas .. 5 —
Pac G Imp.. 544 554 U G & E 34»4 —
Pac L Co — 574 :
TRUSTEES* CERTIFICATES.
S F G A E. 60 694/
INSURANCE.
Firem's FnJ. — 350 /
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bnk.125 — Lon P & A.163 —
Anglo-Cal .94 100 Mer Trust ..200 250
Bank of Cal. ."..". 575 Mer Ex 55 75
C S D A T.1424160 a F National — —
First Natnl. — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger SAL.. — 2275 Sav A L So. — 1024
Hum SAL.— — Sec Sav Bk.4CO 500
Mut S Bank 95 — Union T C.2150 —
S F Sav U..600 750
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 205 iPresldio .... — 43
Geary — €0 |
POWDER. •
Ciant 724 73ViiVIgorit — 54
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 75c Kllauea S C. 3 84
H C A S... 40 — Makaweli B. 23 24%
Honokaa S C — 12 Onomea S C. — 234
Hutch S P C 12% — Paauhau S C — 17
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alask Pa.... 1504 — Oceanic S C. 7 —
Cal F C A.. — 91 Pac Aux F A 2% 3«4
Cal Wine A. 8S% — Pac Cost B Cito —
Morning Session.
Board —
$1000 S F A S J V bonds 120 50
Street—
60 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar.. 40 00
50 Mutual Electric Light 13 25
50 S F G A E (Trustees 1 Cert.).... 60 25
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Assn 151 00
50 Hana Plantation Co 50
60 Mutual Electric Light 13 75
110 Mutual Electric Light 13 50
CO S F G & E (Trustees 1 Cert.) 63 00
MONDAY. July 13— 2 p. m.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
Weather Report.
market rallied. Total sales (r*r , value),
$2,660,000.
Uulted States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atrhlfon W.5OO tJ5'« 63Vi «5H
Atchlson pfd 1,200 «0% 8yi 4 »0
Halt & Ohio 4.200 " £3% 83U 8S}i
Bait & Ohio pfd... 100 03 93 92^
Canadian Pacific .. 32,700 122U 118% 121%
«>n of N J 100 160 1C0 157Vi
Ones & Ohio ; 2,700 381,; 3514 3G»i,
Chi & Altcn 1.000 25 »* 24 '* 25V,
Ohl & Alton pfd... 100 «6ti ««'« 66*»
Chicago & G W .. 3.900 17*i 17V* 17%
Chi & G W B pfd. 100 34 34 33* 4
Chi &. N W 3,000 1C6 l«P,i 16*5
Chi T & Trans 12
Chi T & T ofd .. 2.100 224 20 l i "'
, C C C & St Louis.. 80i> 81 "9% SI
Colo Southern 500 lti 15V4 J5H
Colo So l*t pfd .. 55
Colo t>o 2d pfd .. 2,200 26>-i 24»i 25?;
Delamare & Hud.. 2.100 17««-I 167 170',
Del, Lack & \V . . 1.31*0 250 244 244
Denver & Rio G . . 1.5O0 25Mi 24*fc 25^
Den & Rio O pfd.. 600 - 80*,* 79*» SO*,
Erie 27.100 3m 30H 31*;
Erie let pfd 7.700 C6S «8 6«Vs
Erie 2d pfd 4,700 5« 54 55ft
Great Northern pfd 172
Hocking Valley .. 500 80% SO S0&;
. Hocking Val pfd &7
Illinois Central .. 15.000 130% 12»H 12»
Iowa Central 400 24 H 23^» 24
In wa Cen pfd 4.1
Kansas City 80 22
Kan City Bo pfd 42
Louisville & Na»h.. 6,400 1CS 106*; 108
Manhattan L 700 133 T » 132» 4 133H
Metropolitan St Ry. 3.500 1224 US 1204
Minneap & St L 78
Missouri Pacific ... 44.700 1003, »8!% 100*4
Mo. Kan & T 400-21 20 214
Mo. K & T pfd 2,101) 48 UYt 46V4
National of ilex 20Vt
Nation of Mex pfd. 100 304 394 SO
N Y Central 39.5U0 116«.» 113«* 115U
Norfolk & Western. 7,300 64% 62% 64 4
Norfolk & W pfd S9
Ontario & Western.. 8,600 24H 23Vi -*Mi
Pennsylvania 81.000 1214 HBtt 121 «j
PHUburg. CC &StL 100 67 67 C7
Reading 77,100 49«i 47U 404
Readme m pM *14
Reading 2d p!d .. 1.500 6S»i «S4 6**4
Rock Island Co 24.«tK> Bl»» SO** 314
Rc>ck 1*1 Co pfd .. JK>0 71 tiS*; 70*4
St Louis & S Fran 6*>
St L & S F 1« pfd. 100 73 73 70
St L & S F 2d pfd. 1.S00 69% 57« 5y
St Louis S W 800 15 144 HVi
St Louis S W pfd.. 800 35 33 344
ft Paul 67.SOO 145 1424 1444
St Paul rfd 1" : *
Southern Pacific .. 27.00O 47% 444 *?
Southern Railway .. 3.600 23^i I'll* 24
Southern R R pfd. IOO S64 S«4 gfji
Texas & Pacific .. 3.60<> 2C»; 26 2tof;
Toledo. Bt L & W.. 300 24 U 22U 22>>;
Tel. StL&Wpfd ;•• 5.2
Tnion Pacific .... 47.700 78% " J8J4
Union Pacific pfd
Wabarh I... 1.4«V) 23 214 22J4
Wabaeh pfd 93.200 40% 3&% 40^,
Wheel & Lake Erie. «0O 20»; in 194
Wieconfin Central.. SOO 194 10 19^i
Wisconein Cen pfd. 13.000 J0% 33 3J>»;
Express Companies — oo
A Jams ¦*- 1
American 200 183 H 1«1 1S1
United States 100 105 105 100
Well*- Fargo 1*»
Miscellaneous —
Amaigam Copper.. 71.R00 6O"« 48% 505^
Amer Car & Found 14.500 35 •» 34 U 354
Amer Car & F pM *%r*
Amer Linseed Oil 104
Amer Un Oil pfd 33
Amer Locomotive.. 3oO 21 21 214
Amer Loco pfd 200 83 89 884
Amtr Smelt & Ref. 2.600 444 W* **
Am Smelt & R pfd 91
Amer Sugar Ref... 16.2<>O 11« 116% 117^4
Anaconda Min Co.. 2.000 !<24 8O4 S3
Brklyn Rap Tran.. 13.1«» 55 Kt4 54%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 2.600 61 59 61
Colum & Hock Coal IG%
Consolidated Gas.. 6<X> lSSVi 1W4 1?7";
General Electric 400 172*; 171 >* 1724
Interntl Paper (*«) 134 13 13yj
Interntl Paper pfd. 100 674 <5"tt 67
Ir.tcrntl Pump 43
Inter pump pfd 774
National Biscuit... 100 37% 37H 384
National Lead 700 164 16U 16* 4
I North American 82 4
Pacific Mail 3O0 26 ' 26 2«
People's Gas 2.100 07 »64 fl7^
Prejse<l Steel Car.. 1,800 51 fll 504
Pressed S Car pfd.. 400 85% 854 85
Pullman Palace Car 200 205 205 200
Republic Steel 34.400 134 124 1-*H"
Republic Steel pfd. 400 73 72 73
Rubber Goods 600 21 204 20
Rubber Good* pfd 7<14"
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 4,900 49»; 46i; 4»
IT S Leather....... 2.300 «>4 g 8 4
U S Leather pfd 1.100 82% 81 82
i: S Rubber 12}«
U S Rubber pfd.. 100 484 484 4S4
i; S Steel 40.300 26% 2» 28%
1* S Kteel pfd 2C.4OO 79V« 7«4 79
Western Union 400 S3«J 834 83
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..lO64»jU S Steel R0»;
Do coup 106% }L & N Unl 4s .. 90
Do 2s reg lO79i Mex Cent 4s 7rt
Do coup 1084 Do 1st inc .... 214
• Do new 4s reg. 1354 Minn & St L 4s. O04
Do coup 1354 M K & T 4s 95%
Do old 4s reg..lll Do 2ds 81
Do coup Ill N Y Cent g .IU.1. 96
Do 5s reg 1O.{ .IN J Cent K 5s.*. .129
Do coup K.3 iNor Pac 4s 100*4
Atoh gen 4s ... 99*; j Do 3s 71 %
Do a4Jt 4s W iNor & W con 4s. 8S
Balto & Ohio 48.100 .Read Gen 4s 94
Do 3'is 02 S L & I M c 5s.Hl
i Do conv 4s ..10^4 St L & S F 4s.. 96>i
Canada So 2ds...lM St L S W lsts ff '
Cent of Ga 5s... 104 j Do 2ds 77
Do 1st Inc ... 73 K A & A P 4s.. 784
Ches & O 44*.. 103>.i Southern Pac 4s.. S7
Chi & Alton 3KS. 744 Southern Ry 5«...1124
H & < Z>** W ** 8I^ Tex & Pae »sts..H6
C M & «V e 4s.lO3% Tol S L & W 4s.. 75
Chi & N W c 7s.l30% Union Pacific 4s. W9v4
<: H 1 & P 4§...101 Do conv 4s ..'.-01%
I C C C & 8 L g 4s 97»« Wabash lsts ....114^
I Ohi Term 4c .... 1H Do 2ds 10<J
! Colo & So 4s 88 Do Deb B .... C1K
1 D & R G 4s 97y. West Shore 4s ..1OS
j Fr!e |;r!or lien 4s. OS Wheel & L i; 4. HO
Do pen 4s S3 Wis Cent 4s N»Vi
Ft W & D C lsts.lOC Con Tob 4s 54
!lockln«r Val 44s.l«^ v Colo F & I 5s.. P2'i
Pennsylvania ...: 94% Manhattan 100
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con OSILtttle Chief M
Alice 21 [Ontario ..6 50
Breece. 15 Ophir 140
Krunswlck Con ... '» Phoenix .....t.... 08
Comstock Tunnel. 074 'Potosl ............ 26
Con Cat* & Va...l ZOiHavage 15
Horn Silver 1 O-t|Sierra Nev .... 55
Iron Silver 125'Small Hopes .... "5
Lcadvllle Con ... 02:Standard 2 5Q
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — iVVostlnghse Com. S8
Call loans 3JU! Mining-
Time loans 4 4W-3 Adventure 4
Bonds — fAllouez &ri
I Atchiron is , «84'Acialgamated ... W)%
Mex Con 4s 74 'Blngham 244
Railroads— jCalumet & Hec.425
Atchlscn Ki l<j?i
Atchitscn pfd .... 89 4 Copper Range ... 4»4
Boston & Alb... 2IS (Dominion Coal .. 80
Hoston & Maine. 1<K> Franklin 8
Hesion Elev 140 Isle Royale 0
U Y. N H & H.l»5?4 Mohawk 394
I Fitchburg pfd .. 135 Old Dominion ... ll*i
Cnlon Pacific ... 784 Osceola 51
Mex Central 204 Parrot 10
Mlscollaneous^ — Quincy 95
Amer fiugar 118 f-'a/ita Fe Copper. 14
Amer Sugar pfd.. 11*% Tamarack 90
Amer Tel & Tel.l29Ji Trimountaln .... 81
Dom Iron & Stesl 14U Trinity 45;
General Elec ...170 United States ... 10$.
Macs Elec 211% Utah .....23%
Mars Elec pfd... f2 Victoria 3V«
United Fruit ...102 Wlnona 7H
U 8 Steel 2*>?i Wolverine C5
U S Steel pfd.... 7a
LONDON CLOSIMO STOCKS.
Con for men... 83 5-16iN Y Central 1184
Con for acct... 02 7-lt; Norfolk & Wes..U4<«
Anaconda 4 V4 Norf k & We* pfd 92
Atchlscn 65% Ontario t We... 24%
Atchlson pfd .... 03 Pennsylvania .... C2%
Jial & Ohio 84U Rand Mines .... 10
Canadian Pac ..123% Reading .........24%
Chesapeake & O. 87 Reading l*t pfd.. 41 >J
Chi Gt Western.. 18'4 Reading 2<l-pfd.. Zi
Ctl Mil & £t 1'. HSU Southern Rail wy. 23
WHEAT— The foreign markets remained j
about the eame. TTi« world's shipments for ;
tho week were as follows, in quarters: Rus- I
plan. 454.<V<O; Danuhlan. 34,000; Argentine, '
113.000; Indian. 13S.OO0. The American visible
supply decreased l.tiSO.OOO bushels.
Chicago advanced from "OVJc to 60c and then
steadily declined to 77V4C. The break was
caused by the heavy selling of Armour and the
Northwest and rumors of financial difficulties
In New York, which -started the bulls to real
tzing and a great deal of long Wheat came
out. The selling of Armour and the North
west was supposedly due to better crop pros
pects in the Northwest.
In this market futures were lower, but the
cash grain was unchanged.
New vVheat, 51 37»4©1 42ft for ehipplng and
$1 45@1 50 for milling.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 4001 42H; California
White Australian. $1 50@l 62V4: Northern
Club, $1 40@l 42%: Northern Blue Stem.
51 49*i©l 50; Oregon Valley. $1 47%.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 3S $1 3&i,i $1 37tf ji s~^
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 3M4 $1 37% $1 37»4 $1 37^
May 1 40
BARLEY — Opened the week somewhat lower.
1 both as to cash grain and futures. The mar
ket was quiet and uninteresting.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, new. $1 01US1 03ft; new shipping
and brewing, - $1 1-^01 lt^; old brewing,
$1 15gl 20; Chevalier, $1 15<&1 30 for fair to
choice.
FUTURES.
¦ Session U to 11:80 a. rn.
Open. High. Low. Close.
I December... U^S f'2ii I»2 ; l>2j;
.2 p. m. Session.
No eales.
1 OATS— There Is nothing new to report, the
1 market being steady.
New Hea. $1 15© 1 25 per ctl.
! Old crop — White,' «1 17^8125; Black.
! $1 lu@l IT 1 *: Ked. $1 12%@1 17^ for common
¦ and SI 2001 25 for choice; Gray, nominal.
I CORN — The situation remains the same, re
; cel>its-beinK light, stocks meager and the mar
ket stronger. Prices are unchanged.
California large Yellow, $1 iufcl 45; small
¦ round do. $1 7o#l 70; White, »1 4o@i 43;
j Egyptian, $1 45£1 50 for White and $1 4oj
! 1 45 for Brown.
I RYE— $1 10© 1 13 per ctl.
: liUCKWIiKAT— 51 <S<&2 per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
# *
All classes of securities were very doll In
the forenoon, and the only noteworthy changu
was an advance in Mutual Electric to $13 25.
The oil stocks were especially dull.
In the afternoon Mutual Electric was still
higher at $13 5O<?13 75. No other changes.
Alaska Packers was ex-dlvldend of $1, or
$48,000. yesterday.
Mill Valley. Marln County, has decided to
Issue $50,000 in bonds for municipal improve
ments.
Silver advanced materially.
Sterling Exchange, tixty days.. — $4 w t
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87»i
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 35}.-/
New York Exchange, slpht — - 02«i
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 05
Silver, per ounce — M^
Mexican Dollars, nominal .... — 41^
Exchange and Bullion.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market was
quiet to-day, but holders show considerable
confidence and prices are steady. Common
are quoted at 4'55 I ,4c; prime, 5^i35?4c; choice,
6c; fancy, e^'ST^c.
PRUNES — Spot prunes generally are firm
and the larger sizes are reported i:i light sup
ply. Quotations ranee from 3c to 7c for all
grades.
APRICOTS attract a moderate Jobbing de
mand and are steady at 7%@SVjc for choice
and 10S12M-C for fancy.
PEACHES remain steady and unchanged at
7<g7Hc for choice and SSlOtyc for fancy.
DRIED FRUIT.
SUGAR— Raw firm. Fair refining. 3 l-16c;
centrifugal, DC test, ."t U-lGc; molasses sugar,
2 13-lCc. Refined was iirm.
NEW YORK, July 13.— FLOUR— Receipts,
12,7dO barrels; exports. 11.5<>2 barrels; mar
ket weaker and lower to sell.
WHEAT — Receipts. 27,300 bushels; exports,
PO.C87 bushels. Spot steady. No. 2 red, S5',ic
elevator and SbHc f. o. b., afloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth, !»2>4c f. o. b., afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba, «2c f. o. b., afloat. Options
opened firmer on cables, but at once eased off
and for the rest of the"day were very weak
under extended liquidation by flne weather and
closed *4ff}ic lower. Sales Included: No. 2
red. July 85»i@$8?ie, closed 83Vic; Septem
ber, 81 15-10©S*4c closed 81%c; December,
Sl%C63'ic. closed S\%c.
HOPS— Dull.
HIDES— Easy.
WOOL— Firm.
PETROLEUM- Steady.
COFFEE — Spot Rio quiet. No. 7 invoice.
5 3-iec; mild, quiet. The market for coffee
futures ruled yulet and displayed little feature,
closing dull, net uncharged to 5 points lover.
Sales were about 1500 bags, including: Sep
tember, 3.P0c; November. 3.50c; May, 4,.00@
4.C5r.
New York Grain and Produce.
PORTLAND. July 13, — WHEAT — Walla
Walla 7C(g7Sc; Bluestem. 80c; Valley. 70©80c.
,. WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. July 1.1. — WHEAT— Steady. Blue
stem. b'Zc; Club. 70c.
OREGON-
Northern Wheat Market.
Flour, qr *ks....5O,0W Feed, bales ..... 72
Wheat, ctls .... 1.210iTalIow, ctls .... 230
Barley, ctls 0.050 Pelts. No 105
Oats, ctls 8,690 Hides. No 7S6
Corn, ctls' 700 Raisins, bxs 1.70O
Beans, ska OO.Quicksllver. risk. 41
Potatoes, sks ... 4.950 Leather. . rolls .. 289
Onions, sks 1.4001 Wine, gals O2.«0«>
Middlings, sks .. 321 Lime, bbls 4«7
Hay, tons 1,496 Paper, rms &W
Btraw, tons .... 17 Chicory, bbls .. 10
Wool, bales .... 36 Brandy, gals . . . . 100
OREGON.
Wool, . bales .... 33
FOR MONDAY. JULY 13.
Receipts of Produce.
Local securities featureless and very dull.
Xczo York stock market unsettled and not over firm.
Silver advanced. Exchange as before quoted.
Wheat breaks at Chicago, with the longs unloading.
Barley zirakcr, both as to futures and cash grain.
Oats steady, Corn firm and Rye quiet.
Hay zirak under large receipts. Bran and Middlings firm,
Xo further change in Beans and Seeds,
Butter, Cheese and Eggs firm and in good demand.
Another decline in Provisions at Chicago.
Hops continue to tend dozvmvard slowly.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs as previously quoted.
Potatoes in heavy receipt, dull and lozvcr.
Poultry and Game in light receipt and steady. •
Good frfsh Fruit selling off very weU,
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
MELONS— Cantaloupes from Coachella. $23
2 50 per crate; Watermelons from Coach»lla,
lCSSOc each: from Fresno, $1 75*i:J 50 per doz.
GRAPES — From Yuma. «Oc@$l for Seedless
Sultana and 75c@?l 25 for Black Malvoise.
CITRUS KKtiiVej — Quotations lor Oranges
and Lemons arr for *ound rppai-ktd stock onl>.
Naval Oranges. $1@3 per box; Seedlings,
$1@1 25; Valenclas, $2 25ff3 for fancy. $1 75
lu'z lor choice ana $>i -¦>«! do for aianuaru;
fct. Michaels. $1 Mf«f2 75. Lemona. 76e@*l for
standard, $1 25Q1 75 for choice and $2@3
Jcr fancy: «".ra|* Fruit. ?1«1 •..".: Mexican
Limes, $5 50Q8; Bananas, $1 50©2 50 per bunch
for Central' American and 75C&S1 50 for Ha
waiian; Pineapples, $2@3 per dozen.
PEACHES — JOCfUOc for 'smalt boxes, with
pome fancy higher; baskets from the river, 30$
00c.
CHERRIES— Black, -<er box and
per lb In bulk; ..oyal Anne. 65@Soc per box
and n^JSc tier lb In bulk.
APRICOTS— 5O@73c per box or crate; large
open boxes, 75ci@$l; In bulk $20@35 per ton.
PRUNES— Tragedy. 50(360c per crate and
25<p50c per basket; Slmonl, «0ft75c per crate.
As usual on Monday the receipts of de
ciduous fruits were somewhat light, and as
choice rip* stock was rather scarce prices 'of
small packages were generally well main
tained. Green stock, particularly Plums and
Prune3. were offering freely, but moved slowly,
there being no inquiry for shipping. Apricots
in bulk were in limited supply and cleaned up
quickly. The top quotation was obtained only
In a small way from the regular trade. $30 per
ton being about the highest figure paid by can.
ners>, who were the nrindpal buyers. Good
sound and Pears were in fair request,
but trashy stock, such as culls and windfalls,
was Rtlll in heavy supply and dull. Peaches
and Flss wer* In ample supply and showed
but slight variation. Cherries were very scarce
nr.d cleaned up promptly at higher figures.
Prices of Grapes had a wider range and moved
slowly Owing to the poor qualitv of most of
tho offering. "The market was liberally sup
plied with Melons, and. as the weather oper
ated ngaln*t trade, prices were lower. Two
ears of Watermelons came in from Fresno and
2 from Coaehclla. Occasional lots of fancy
Berries sold above the quotations, but the com
mon, run of offerings were generally easy. Cur
rants were firmer under llKbt receipts and a
steady inquiry.
Price* of Citrus fruits were unchanged and
the market was amply supplied with all de
scriptions. Overripe Bananas were well cleaned
up and firmer prices ruled for the Central
American product.
STRAWBKr.RIF.S- ?4@7 per ch»st for Long
worths and -82*? 3 for the. !arg?r varieties.
RASPBERRIES— S4ifit; per chest.
LOGANBERRIES— SI 7.VH2 60 per chest
BLACKBERRIES— $2 SOft.J 50 per chest.
CURRANTS— $2<R3 50 per chest.
APPLES— 6Oc55?l 50 per box; Crabapplw,
30<ft."i0c per box. •
PEARS— Bartletts. $l@l 25 per box for
choice and 25@75c for common; Dearborn
Seedlings, 50Q60c ncr box and 30<g50c per
baeket.
FIGS— Single-layer, 25(gu5c per drawer:
double-layer, 40«ZC0c per drawer. *
PLUMS— 25@40c per box. 40@G5c per crate
and 15^;J5c per baeket.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
TACOMA. July 13.— Clearings, $324,002; bal
ances. $.'!0,334. ;
PORTLAND. July 13.— Clearings, $S47.003;
balances. $123,530.
SPOKANE. July 13.— Clearings. ?4C0.732;
balances. $49,0SS.
SEATTLE. July 13. — Clearings. $781,673: bal
aneeR, $137,452.
Northern Business.
DeBeers lDJiiSouth Ry pfd «>
Denver & Rio G.. 2«^iSouth Pac 46%
Den & Rio G pfd. S3 lUnion Pac T»ft
Eric 31Vi!Un!on Pac pM..."«*W
Erie let pfd 06% U S Steel 2$!»
Erie 2d pM. 50 U S Steel pfd... SHi
Illinois Central... 134'/, Wabash 22
Louisville & NashllOVilWabash pfd 41
Miss. Kan & T.. 20%(
Bar Silver, firm, 24&id per ounce; Money,
Ufc2 per cent.
The rate of discount in the ooen market
for Short Bills is 2*i per cent, and for Three
Months Bills is 2\t V** cent.
GREAT FALLS. Mont.. July 13.— To-day's
wool eales on the Great Falls wool market were
the largest In ' Montana for the season. Over
40,000 pounds of fleece were disposed of. ex
ceeding three times -the record for any one day.
The prevailing prices were from 15c to lGc.
Wool Sales in 'Montana.
14c; Pearl Oil in cases. MHc; Astral. 20^c;
Ettr, 20«c: Extra Star. 24%c; Elaine. 26%c;
Eocene, 23 He; deodorized Gasoline, in
bulk 17c; In cases. 23Hc; Benzine. In bulk,
13c; In cases. 19 He; 8G-d»sree Oasollno. In
bulk 21c; In cases. 27%c.
TURPENTINE — 70c per gallon In case* and
64c in drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. «J
«tte p-r lb; White Lead. 6#6%c. according to
quantity. \
¦ SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In ICO-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fins Crushed. 5.65c;
Powdered B 50c; Candy Granulated. 5.50c: Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.40c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.40c; Fruit Granulated. 5.40c: Beet Granulated
(10O-lb bags only), 5.30c; Confectioners' A.
5.40c; Magnolia A 5c; Extra C. 4.00c; Golden
C. 4.80c; "D," 4.70c: barrels, 10c more; half
barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more: 5O-lb bags.
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half-barrela.
5.90c: boxes. 6.15e per lb. No orders taken for
less than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
bushels: oats 4.346,000 bushels, decrease S000
bushels; rye 5M.00O bushels, decrease 84,000
bushels; barley 475,000 bushels, increase 30,000
bushels.
quoted as the top for ranch by almost all deal
ers. Stocks are moderate and the demand Is
very fair. . • '
Receipts were 48.000 lbs Butter, 1135 cases
Eggs and 7400 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery. 24®25^c; dairy. 22^@
24c; store Butter, 17®20c; Eastern ladle
packed, nominal.
CHEESE— New." 12@12^e; Young America,
12>4@13c: Eastern, 15H@10c; western, 12&c
per pound.
EGGS— Ranch, 22®24c for white and 20tf?21c
for mixed colors; store, 10©l0c; Eastern, 17©
19c per dozen.
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 14, 1903.
LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. July 13.— The visible supply of
irraln Saturday. July 11, aa complied by the
New York Produce Exchange, was as follows:
Wheat- 14,311,000 bushels, decrease 1^;5!»,000
bushels; corn 7,447.000 bushels, Increase 229,000
Visible Grain Supply.
"I suppose, colonel," remarked a citizen
to the. president of the Ice company one
cold morning last winter, "that you n-on't
charge us so much tor our ice next sum
mer as you did last. You're getting a
tremendous crop." "We may have to
charge more." stiffly replied the president.
"Think of the trouble and expense In
volved In cutting ice three feet thick!"—
Christian Register. _^. -
< Butter opened the week, at a further slight
advance. The floors were kept reasonably
clean by a steady demand, and nobody had an
excessive ¦ supply. _, * . , " -
Cheese Is unsettled. Some dealers are quot
ing 13e, but the majority > name 12'/Sc as th«
top figure.. Any attempt to advance the mar
ket would probably shut oft the country and
southern orders, as already, mentioned, ': hence
those dealers who are. shipping prefer to keep
the market where It is to work off stocks.
.Eggs remain about Uie eame, 2ic being
Butter; Cheese and Eggs.
BAGS— Grain Bags. 4.73<33c; San Quentln,
n 55c; Wool Bags. 32S?j35c: Fleece Twine,
7Vi©^c; Cotton Fruit Bags, 6*ic. tf&c and 7&c
for the three grades. - . •
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; New Welling,
ton, *s: Seattle, *tt 60; Bryant, ?tJ &o; Roslyn,
$7; -Coos Bay. ?5 50; Greta, $7: Walliend.
$7 80; Richmond,*"*? 50; Cumberland. $13 In
bulk and 914 25 in sacks; Welsh Anthracite
Keif. $13; Welsh Lump, $11 60; Cannel. $a 59
per ton; Coke, $11 SOU 13 per ton in bulk and
$15 • in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 60 per ton, according
to brand. --."¦¦
• OIL — Linseed. 4*c for boiled and 46c for raw
In barrels: cases. 5c more; Castor OH. in cases
No. 1. 70c;., Bakers' AA. $1 10®l 12; Lu
col. 40c for boiled and 44c for raw in barrels;
Lard OH. extra winter strained, barrels 80e;
cases, 05c; China. Nut. 87H©62c per gallon;
pure Neatafoot. In barrels. 75c; cases, . 80c;
Sperm, pure. 70e; Whale OH, . natural white.
60@55c per gallon: Fish OH. In barrels. 45c:
cafes. 50c: Cocoa nut Oil. In barrels. 68c for
Ceylon and 55c for Australian. ' :
COAL OIL—Water Wait* Coal Oil la bulk,
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION SALES
THE FINAL SALE
j —OF—
Trotting Horses
From SANTA ROSA STOCK FARM
(Estate of Henry Pierce, deceased). .
Will Take Place
WEDNESDAY, July 22. 1903.
Commencing at 10:30 a. m.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
248 Third st. S. F.
This sale Includes all the mares, colts, geld-
ings and fillies on the farm. Among th«m aro
many with records, and seven three-y«ar-o!ds.
that have trotted quarters better than 33 sec-
onds, sons and daughters of Sidney Dillon (sir*
of Lou Dillon, 2:03& champion); Direct. 2:054;
Palo Alto, 2:0SVi; Inferna, 2:24%; Altamont.
2:1«H; L. W. Russell. Almonll
" On «- 2: 24W. etc.. out of famous broodmares—
the finest Individuals aa well aa the choicest
bred ever led into a sales ring. All are thor-
1 ougniy broken, handsome and gentle. They
| represent the result of many years' study on
the part ef Mr. Pierce, and' seekers after high
class trotters and pacers, splendid broodmares
with foals by Sidney Dillon at foot, will get
what they want at this sale. It wtll be th*>
last opportunity to get such well-bred horses
at auction. No reserve or limit: every animal
must be «old. Catalogues Issued Tuesday.
July _H. Horses at salesyard July 19.
WM. O. LAYNG. Livestock Auctioneer.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE!
£* fe>
AT MERCHANTS' XIVERY STABLE.
607 California St..
TUESDAY. July 14. 2 p. m.
Consisting of 40 good livery horses 3 good
hacks. 3 surrey*. 5 open buggies, rubber tired;
10 wagons. 33 sets harness; must be sold, with-
out reserve or limit
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer, office 327 gth st.
£^- £» 5^>
AVCTION SALK. W.EDNESTJAT JCT/T 15.
1903. at 11 a. m.. ARCADE HORSK MARKET
327 Sixth st. 20 head of young horses; also
lot of heavy work horses harness buggies anj
wagons. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
£* £» fc>
Just arrived, a carload of good all-purposel
horses; must be sold TUESDAY. July 14. 10
a. m.. at 1140 FOLSOM st.; also a lot of wag-
ons, buggies, carts and harness of every de-
scription.THE SAN FBAIs CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 14, 3903.
12
HELP WANTED — FEMALE— Con.
A— IRONER for a country hotel, wages $35
and fare paid; a mangle girl for same place.
$20 and fare paid. MISS PLUNKETT. 425
Sutter St., near Powell.
A NURSE for 3 children, $25; a chambermaid
for city hotel, wages $30 per month and
room, no board; a cook' for lunch rooms, $1 25
per day. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St.,
near Powell.
GIRLS FOR FACTORY WORK; GOOD
WAGESj PAID . WHILE LEARNING;
; STEADY EMPLOYMENT; APPLY AT
ONCE. -
AMES A HARRIS.
: 100 SACRAMENTO ST.
GIRLS to leam millinery now for fall season :
trade taught from start to finish in 1 month
for $5; positions guaranteed at $10 per week
up. French School. 143 Stockton et., rm. 13.
WANTED — A girl to do light housework and
plain cooking In a bakery and help some In
• store. 011^ Larkln st.
GIRL wanted to help In photographic studio.
Apply 233 Montgomery ave.
WOMAN to assist in general housework; two
in family. 229 Ashbury ave.. near Hayes et
NURSE girl for child 3 years. Apply morning.
2022 Broderlck et. ; references. .
WANTED — Girl for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde st. , •
WANTED— Young lady for store. MASKEY'S,
32 Kearny st
FIVE practical carpet-sewers wanted.' J.
SPAULDING A CO., 353 Tehama st.
A— Practical Millinery School, estab. 14 years:
terms easy. 81« O'Farrell, for. 1000 Van Ness.
— j _
GIRLS TO RIVET OVERALLS;. STEADY
WORK; PAID WHILE LEARNING.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.,
32 H FREMONT ST.
APPLY TO MR. DAVIS.
AT OUR NEW FACTORY. 1S73 MISSION ST..
NEAR FIFTEENTH. SEWING MACHINE
OPERATORS ON OVERALLS WANTED.
INEXPEP.1ENCED PAID SALARY WHILE
LEARNING jOPEUATORS AND RIVETERS
ALSO WANTED AT OUR MAIN FACTORY,
32»* FREMONT ST. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.
APPLY TO MR. DAVIS.
GIRLS TO LEARN ON SHIRTS AND OVER-
ALLS; A STATED AMOUNT GUARAN-
TEED. " STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY.
COR. COUGH AND GROVE STS.
A — OPERATORS on ladles' underwear; good
wages; steady position. I. MAGNIN & CO..
C'.ti Mission st. ¦
A— OPERATORS wanted on ladles' waints;
good wages: steady employment. C50 MIs-
slon St.. 1. MAGNIN & CO.
A — OPERATORS wanted en children's and In-
fants' wear: steady position: good wages. I.
MAGNIN & CO., C5<j Mission. «t.
WANTED — Girl to do general housework;
wages $20. 701 McAllister st.
TALENTED amateur performers.- Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday: salary no object.
PICK hops In August; enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outfnc for men, • women and
children. Call or write E. CLEMENS
HORST CO.. ¦ 122 Battery St.. San Francisco.
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear, children's
wear and ladlm' waists. 43-53 Ellis st. Ap-
ply bet. 9 and 10 a. m. Ask for MR. V.
MAGNiN. . . . .
WOMAN of tact and knowledge of business
methods for commercial position. Box 2531.
Call office.
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
' to travel. Apply Girls' Directory. Central
ave. and Waller st. '
WANTED— Salesladies for waist department
CAILLEAU'S. 114 Kearny st.
WOOL" sorters or women willing to learn with
pay. HENRI MARX. 134 Bluxoroe st.
FINISHERS on men's white shirts. ROGER-
SON'S. 535 Valencia st. -
YOUNG lady for carpet sewing. Mission Car-
pet Store. 2020 Mission st.
GIRLS for factory work; good was«?s; no ex-
perience." Apply Gulf Bag Co.. 700-711 Front.
Experienced operators muslin underwear; be-
ginners paid. G.W.lteynolds & Co., 507 Mission.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
' subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. . ~
HELP WANTED MALE.
AT THE CAL. EMP. AGENCY,
69 Third St., near Call Bldg. Phone Bush 405.
FREE FARE.
S. P. R. R. CO.'S OWN WORK.
NEVADA AND UTAH. _»
500 laborers, $2 a day.
CHATSWORTH PARK- TUNNEL.
FREE FARE.
490 section hands all parts of California.
FREE FARE ON CAL. NORTHWESTERN.
10 teamsters and laborers, $2 25.
WILLITS. UKIAH.
HUMBOLDT COUNTY.
FARE ADVANCED.
20 lumber pliers, $35 and board.
12 laborers, $H5 and board.
1 odgtrman, $S0 and board.
COAL MINERS. ; FREE FARE.
OREGON. FAMILIES SHIPPED FREE.
25 coal miners. $3 to $5 a day.
FREE FARE TO TUOLUMNE COUNTY.
10 lumber handlers and laborers, $35 and
board up; ship dally.
CASPAR. MENDOCINO COUNTY.
10 tunnelmen, $2 75 a day. " .7;
10 teamsters and muckers, $2 25 a day.
12 laborers, mill and yard men. fcr lumber
company, $30 to $40 a month and board.
Blacksmith helper, shoeing, $2 50 a day.
CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 50 Third st.
A — HOTEL Gaz-tte. 20 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Second cook for cafe $75. colored waiter.
$35; cook. $70; restauiant steward, $73.
WANTED— Cash beys. Good reference neces-
sary. Call between S and 0 a. m.. 43-53
Ellis st.
TRY cur men's shoes, union made, at $1 per
pair; foot-form sho*-s at $2 50 or orthopedic
shoes. $3 50; best «hof s on earth. 11 Third
St., Examiner building, 5 doors from Market.
WANTED— Experienced wagon boys to deliver
packages Call between « and 8:30 a. m.,
43-53 Ellis Bt. V - - . ¦
AN experienced wrapper. Cloak ' and Suit
Dept. M. FRIEDMAN & CO.. 237 Post et.
ELEVATOR boy. Apply » to 11, D. N. A E.
WALTER, & CO..' 520 Market, at. ;
WANTED— Tailor. ROSS ' BROS.. 25-37
Kearny et. *. '"' " ;
DISHWASHER wanted at 606 Howard st. No
Sunday work. ¦ t
WANTED— Boy i for factory. MASKEJY'S, 32
Kearny st. ¦ ' " '
ALL sires men's shoes, slightly damaged, half-
price.- 503 Mission «t.. ¦ bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while, waiting; 25c
to 50c. 503 Mission St., bet:, 1st and 2d sts.
BOY wanted, about AT, 1 office work. Oppor-
tunity for advancement. Box 1815. Call.
WANTED— A good waiter, or : waitress. ' 134
Third St. - . ..¦¦;¦¦ '
GOOD - operator • and - retoucher. ¦¦• JOHNSON'S,
10^ Sixth st.- ,,-.'¦'•:¦¦¦'. • -
WANTED — Experienced bedmaker, and good
..sweeper. Apply, 25. Third. st. .¦
GOOD barber to work short hours/ 863 Bryant
- street. ; 33_!H«&ts_SS5".'' ' • .
WANTED— Men - to . learn barber trade; cata-
" logue. S.' F. Barber College, 741A" Howard. ;
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520 SACRAMENTO ST..
Cor. Leldesdorff st. PHONE MAIN 1191.
We ship all over CALIFORNIA, also ORE-
GON. WASHINGTON, NEVADA. ARIZONA,
OLD MEXICO and ALASKA.
WE SHIP TO-DAY TO
Wllllts— Uklah rout*: FREE FARE.
CO laborers & teamsters, $2 25 day. FEE $1.
OREGON —— FREE FARE • OREGON.
20 coal miners — 2 mines — good wages.
Superintendent here to-day for BUTTE CO.
Cheap fare. Diamond Match Co.'s Works.
300 laborers, teamsters, woodchoppers and
rockmen, $2 25 and $2 50 day. FEE $1.
FREE FARE FEE $1 FREE FARE.
S. P. Co.'s Own Work.
10CO section and extra gang hands all over
the State. Come and see about it. We ship
on all trains. FREE FARE.
New sash and door factory, north.
10 young men to make themselves useful,
learn trade, chance to advance: cheap fare;
a steady Job, $1 50 to $2 25 day.
FREE FARE to CASPAR— BIG TUNNEL.
SAWMILLS, ETC.
Night crew for sawmill; 100 laborers for
mills, yards and woods of 6 different lumber
companies, Humboldt, Tuolumne, Placer,
Mcndocino, San Mateo, El Dorado counties;
some fare paid, half fare and part free fare.
FREE FARE — - NEW TUNNEL.
25 muckers, $60; 25 tunnelmen. $73; cheap
board; no discount. NEW TUNNEL.
• MINES, ETC.
85 miners, all over State, some 8 hours. $>o
to $CO; 250 muckers, carmen and laborers,
$00 to $75; 10 driller-, quarry. $15 found.
MISCELLANEOUS.
10 laborers, uew work. $2 23 day; 3 black-
smiths, shop. $2 50 to $3 day; circular saw
filer, $4 found; corcmaker, city, $3 day; 3
iron molders, 0 hours. $3 50 day: shingle
sawyer and drag sawyer, $60, $65, found;
wagon-maker, ranch, $45 found; tt trackmen,
pay weekly, board home, $2 day.
FARMS. ETC.
3 farmhands. $30 found: 2 farmers, south. $30
found; choreman, vineyard, $25 found; team-
ster, country wholesale house, fare paid, boss
here. $50; _ milkers. $35 and $40 found: 2
farmers and wives. $70 found, $50 found.
COOKS. ETC.
Cook, hotel. $>5 tound; cook, camp, $40 found;
bell-boy. $15 found: waiters. $23 to $40 found;
dishwasher, $J0 found; fruit cook and helper,
cannery^ CA *__, AND SEE us EARLY.
Get a Free List or Jobs at the _„,__ '.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY f
B20 Sacramento ft. PHONE MAIN 1101.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO., EMP. AGENT3.,
42U Bush St.— 642 Clay st.
Hello, Grant 185.
SHIPPING TO-DAY and FREE FARE.
Laborers fcr Alaska $35-$40 and found
Laboivts, Wlllits,. Mcndocino Co ..W A»
Tunnelmen. muckers, Marin Co $2 2j-$- «A>
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK, L. A. CO.
Machine men and drillers ....$2 _5-$J
(Bonus 25c day, remain until work Is done.)
Laborers. Chlco ?- 23
Tunnelmen, muckers. Marln Co.. ..$2 2j-?J oh
FOR CO.'S OWN WORK In Cal. & Nevada.
Timbermen steel, track and section labor-
ers $1 "0-$3 50
(FREE FARE FOR ALL ABOVE.)
Choreman nnd wife, farmer and wife, waiter
and wife, $5O-$t5O: milkers, farmers, hay-
makers, blacksmiths, leverman 1 for dredtjtr,
$(i0 and found; men for Ice plant, r.uith;
stonemasons, $2 50-$5.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Manager, small country hotel. $50; head pan-
tryman and storeroom man, $50; assistant
storekeeper. $35; relief cook. $70; officers'
mess cook, $70; other cooks. $10-$W»; pantry-
man and dishwasher, springs, . $30; 3 dish-
washers, Santa Cruz. $J0; waiters, bellboys,
kitchen help, city and country, ' $l5-$35, and
hundreds cf others.
C R. HANSEN & CO. Employment Agency.
420 Bush st ,642 Clay st.
A SCHOOL teacher and attend store. Alaska;
$50 a month and found first year, $C0 eecond
year. $75 third year; see party here; free
transportation. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 420
Bush Bt. - .
TWO manglers for country laundry; washer fcr
country laundry. $15 and found; stout young
man for country store. $50; foreman for fruit
ranch, $C0 and found; 4 men and wives for
ranches and private families, $40, $30 and
$75; 2 choremen for ranches. $20 and $30: 2
farmers, milkers, $35; 2 hutter-mnkers, $10
and $50; sheep herder, $30;.- assistant gar-
deners and men about place, $25 and $30;
choreboy for vineyard, $12; saw filer. .5:5 day;
shingle sawyer, drag sawyer, sash' and door
machine man, $3 day; miners and quarry-
men, laborers, coopers and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 02S Sacramento st.
CAMP cook, $15 and found, . fare paid; hotel
manager and steward. $40 and $50 and found
and Increase: second hand baker, $40Xand
found; hctel cook, $50; restaurant cooks, $12
week and $50 a month: bellboy. $15; elevator
boy, $15; waiters, dishwashers and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S Office. 317 Stockton St.— Hotel
butcher, $53 : relief cook. $75; assistant cook,
hospital. $30; ward nurse for . hospital $25
and found; lunch man. large restaurant* $30:
waiter, private boardlng-hounc, $25 ' and
found; two assistant waiters. £M); waiter for
springs. $23: night waiter, restaurant, coun-
try. $.15 nnd found; dairyman. $;J3; oyster-
man. $2 a day. etc.
BARBERS' Union Local 14S. J. B. I. U. of
A. had their telephone taken out' on account
of boycott; all persons wishing to communi-
cate with the society will please do so by
mall or message.
WANTED — A first-class shoemaker. Address
EILER BACHER. 1013 Seventh st. Sacra-
mento. Cal. j
WANTED — Youth or younjr man ¦ to work on
picture frames, etc. CALIFORNIA FRAME
CO.. »27 Howard st. \
TRY our men's xhoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at ?2 50; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third St., Examiner bldg.
WANTED — For the U. & Marine Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men, between 21 and 35;
good character; must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
In all parts of the world, on land In our Isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations In the
United States. Apply at recruiting office 40
Ellis st.. San Francisco, Cal.: 222% N. Main
St., Los Angeles. Cal., and 401 K St., Sacra-
, mento. Cal.
WANTED — Laborers, rockmen and
rough carpenters for ditch and flume work.
Apply at office, Placervllle. Cal., or room, 14.
20 Montgomery st., San Francisco Construc-
tion Co. . ' '
PICK hops in August; enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable out'.ng for men. women and
children. Call or ' write to E. CLEMENS
HORST CO.. 122 Battery et.. San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
months to complete and secure positions-
catalogue and full particulars mailed free.
Moler System Barber College. C35 Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 50 to $3 per week.
W^J. E ?IFo Er M a arget b s 0 tr- f*™**^
NIGHT cook and dishwasher. 185 Fourth st.
DISHWASHER at New Golden Gate Hotel.
164 Fourth st. .
OLD establisher barber shop; 3 chairs; 4 llv-
ing rooms; owner retiring. 229 Hayes st. . \
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $lpalr:
.foot-form shoes at $2 50;. we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third St.. . Examiner bldg.
ELDERLY man to assist on light woodwork
and polishing. Box 1806. Call office. '
WANTED — A man for fruit store; must be ex-
perlenced. 1315 Stockton st: .-...¦
WANTED — Cutter on men's heavy work. Ap-
"ply Stllson Shoe Co.. Tacoma; Wash.
WANTED — Young .min • as an- understudy to
. I an advertiser; must be a college graduate and
be a (rood grammarian; state age. experience.
If any, and salary expected. Apply Box 2230,
Call office. . j. _V . ., .
MEN '¦ wanted • to take contract cutting boilers.
Apply BERCOVICH, 5th and Webster. Oakld.
1 lst-class barber shop for sale: ."5 chairs, 2 bath-
rooms, laundry, office. Ad. ¦ E.M.',VacavlIlc,CaL
HELP "WANTED— af ALE— Con.
MURRAY *fc READY.
034 and 638 Clay st. "¦
PHONE MAIN 5843. PHONE MAIN 5843.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS. ___ _„
WE KNOW NO DISTINCTION BETWEEN
MAN AND MAN.
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL,
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
1902 We Gave l^ 03 We'll Give
45,000 Men Work. 60.000 Men Work.
WE SHIP YOU ~ FREE TO ONE.
FREE TO-DAY. FREE TO ALL.
Ogden. Utah. All Parts Nevada.
Los Angeles County. £ Santa Barbara,
Chatsworth Park, Hawaiian glands.
Santa Susana. „ *? r t^"'
San Fernando. „ . Vf t ashinift £ n -
Los Angeles County. C \" 1 ™' Ar ?" l =?'
Arlrnns •¦ •» IllitS, LjKWn.
AND ALL POINTS NORTH EAST SOUTH.
INCLUDING OGDEN, UTAH.
Carpenters and helpers, pile drivers, fence
builders, drillers, single, double and machine
men, corner and bench hands, muckers,
chuck tenders, car dumpers, teamsters, la-
borers, track men cooks waiters. |nK^" e " 3 j
blacksmiths, etc $5. $4. $3 50. $3. $- M ana
FREEWARE. FREE FARE FREE FARE
Everybody Talking. ", T" 0 " 8 *"^!. o^
AREY0U7 ABTOUT Tft ARBTObT
C3i and 636 Clay st.
HE IS HERE TO-DAY.
2 engineers, gold mine. $3 day.
Watchman, gold mine. $2 7t. day.
4 single and double hand miners. $S_ -O.
BIG SAWMILL. NORTH.
. 25 laborers, fare paid, go to-day. $30 to $S0
°TO 'PARADISE— BOSS HERE.
65 teamsters, laborers. $75.
65 drillers and hammersmen, $75.
OREGON— FREE FARE.
26 coal miners. $3 to. $5 day. _ T -r-
FREE FARE FOR SOUTHERN PACIFIC
RAILROAD.
165 laborers, etc., different divisions. Includ-
ing Santa Barbara. San Luis Oblspo, Milton,
Farmington, Gilroy. Los Gatos. *
TO OREGON.
26 laborers for a good mine, you'll suit, $75.
GOLD AND SILVER,
COPPER AND COAL.
90 miners, single and double hand, some 8
hours. $S5, $00.
16 ttmbermen, different Jobs, $00.
165 muckers, different Jobs. $75.
S04 laborers, no experience required, $6<X
TO QUARRIES AND TUNNELS.
2C5 drillers and hammersmen. $75, $SS.
304 laborers, no experience required, $60,
$07 CO.
LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS.
555 laborers for all classes of work, including
factories, excavating, buildings, mills, etc.,
$2 50 and $2 day, located In San Francisco
and all parts of California.
TO HAY AND HARVEST FIELDS.
16-1 hny and harvest hand3, $1 50. $1 75, $2
and $2 r<0 a day.
TO ORCHARDS AND VINEYARDS.
263 general hands. 15 fruit pickers, $30 and
$35 and found.
TO DAIRIES AND HAY BALERS.
06 milkers, butter and cheese makers. $30,
$40 and $50 and found.
16 hay balers 20c to 25c ton.
STAISLES AND PRIVATE RESIDENCES.
16 stablemen, city and country Jobs. $75. $70
and $60.
26 choremen. $40 $35 $30 and $25 and found.
MEN AND WIVES.
16 farmers and wives, different Jobs. $70,
$G0. S50 and found.
4 cooks and wives, hotels, mines, sawmills,
etc.. $.S.*>, $t;0. $50 and found.
5C4 WOODCHOPPERS. TIEMAKERS.
Post, picket and shakes, also shingle bolt
makers.
MECHANICAL HELP.
84 blacksmiths and helpers, city and coun-
try. $3 50. $3, $2 50. $2 day.
9 wagon and carriage makers. $3 50. $3 day.
12 carpenters city and country jobs. $4,
$3 50. $.{ day. ,
9 machinists for wineries and sawmills, frre
fare, *r>0 and found.
15 coopers, lie; 5 carriage painters, $00: 6
.. brick molders, $3 50 day; plasterers. $5 50;
structural Iron workers.
12 bench hands and paperers. fare $1. $2 23
to $•"{ 50 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 ,C!ay st.
HOTEL~DEPARTMENTr ETC. ~~
57 cooks, all over California. $30. $S0, $75.
$00. $o0. $10. $35 and found, for hotels,
mines, sawmills, camps, ranches, cafes, res-
taurants, saloons, harvest outfits, etc.
15 waiters. $35 $40. $30 and found.
30 pot and dish washers. $33. $30. $20 & fd.
18 bell and elevator boys, porters_. bed-
makers $30 to $15 and found.
12 laundrymen. all classes. $1S week up.
6 bakers and helpers. $."J5. $40. $*50 and found.
Walter and dishwasher, same camp. $33 fd.
12 boys learn trades.
• MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st.
YOUR FARE PAID
TO SO SAWMILLS.
WOODS. YARDS. ETC.
. YOUR FARE PAID.
Located In 4 States and 2 Territories.
869 laborers without any experience, $35 to
$70 and found.
<;7 men for planing mills.
1G full day crews for woods and mills; 9 night
crews for woods and mills.
126 men 'and boys for box factories, etc.
Wnges $150. $100. $90, JSO, $70, $60. $50. $40
and found.
Everything from a swamper to an engineer.
MURRAY & READY. C34-636 Clay st.
NORTH.
¦ . FREE FARE.
NORTH.
35 laborers without any experience, you'll
suit. $35 to ISO and found. <
Big-, (rood sawmill, woods. FREE FARE.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
NORTH. BIG I_ CO.
ANOTHER GOOD JOB.
2o laborers, YOU'LL SUIT, $f0.
Blacksmith, little shoeing. $00.
Blacksmith helper, $67 50.
Blacksmith helper, woods. $67 50.
Man handle logs on deck at mill. $67 50;
board, etc., 45c day; fare $3; LUMBER
TRUST.
MURRAY & READY. 634-C36 Clay st.
FREE. SOUTHEAST! FREE.
25 laborers to pile lumber, YOU'LL SUIT.
$t>0.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MIDNIGHT ORDERS BY
PHONE TELEGRAPH and MAIL
Blacksmith, factory. lCc fare, $a day
Cook, ranch. 5Cc fare, $30 found
Steward, country hotel, $40 to $50 fd.
German or Swiss milker, Slsklyou Co. fara
raid. . «,•><;
2 carpenters.Humboldt Co.. plain work. $75 fd.
Cake baker, also bread baker, fare $1 CO,
$45 found, $13 week found.
Sheepherder, $30 found; teamster, city pack-
lnjj-house, $ko
2 carpenters, city, $4 25. Painter, Sonoma
Co., *.1.
Carpenter, factory, 20c fare. $3 day
Handy man about machines, 20c fare. $3 50
Cook, hotel, 25c fare. $00; cook, also dish-
washer, boarding-house, fare 75c. $50 and
$22 found; night cock. city. $9.
Nurse. State Institution. $25 found: second
cook. State Institution. $->0 found; young
man about city paint store, $9.
Hotel cook, country, boss here. $70 fd.
Ratchet setter. Alles block. 23 M mill, $S5.
2 foremen, excavating:, city Job. $3 day.
6 laborers, free fare. '14 miles away, $60.
Tallyman, lumber company, boss here. $4 fd.
Cook. State hospital: plasterer. $5 50 day.
MURRAY & READY. C34-630 Clay st.
WANTED — A reliable and experienced clerk
for a grocery store. Apply to F. G. EICK-
HORST & CO., eor. Greenwich and Pierce.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third St., . Examiner bldg.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen fee Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
SCO MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
f>Oc up; soling cheap. 023 Howard St.. nr. 5th.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mail charges. 11 Third st. Examiner bldg.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls, room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Ceo. H. Thomas Post.O.A.R.
WINCHESTER Hctel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. . 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
CO HEAD «f fresh dairy cows for eale at $70
per head. Addrera THOMAS A. McCOY.
Gcnzalcs. Monterey Co., Cal.
ON account of going to build, entire stock of
wagons, -buggies and harness must be sold at
. sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valencia sts.
SURREYS, buggies and carts cheap at 100
- Golden Gate ave. >
RARE chance; 7 good horses; must be sold.
327 Sixth st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HOUSES ' TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let: send for
circular. G.H.UMBSEN & CO.,14Montgomery
BAKER. 2118. cor. Jackson — A nicely furnished
¦ corner house; 11 mis. .bath, basement; stable;
choice- location for a doctor; $75 per month.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post *U
HOUSE. S rooms and bath;, 140 Carl St.. near
Cole. ¦ Kent.' $37-50. . ,
V . LlVrilY STABLES^ ~
'.OMKINSON'S livery stables. 57-50-61 Minn*
it-, bet. 1st and _d — Vehicles ot every de-
scription for hire at. most reasonable rates;
cut rates for strangers. Telephone Main 153.
IH'SINKSS CHANCES— Continued.
OUTSIDE route No. 4 - this paper for sale.
Inquire hardware store, 19th and Folsom sts.
IXSOO— ROADHOUSE and furniture; 11 rooms;
a snap. S50 Market st.. room 5.
STALLS tn general market for rent; space
suitable for grocery, delicatessen store and
creamery. Call 2C14 Mission st.
FOR SALE — Good paying oyster and chop
house. 100 Fifth Bt.
$4000 — GOOD paying grocery and general rner-
chandlce business In Oakland.- Address box
3092. Call office. Oakland.
BAKERY and delicacy store for eale; must be
eoid; owner going away. 715 McAllister st.
AN outfid* route for sale. Apply Call office.
LODGING-HOUSES KOIt SALE.
H. C DECKER. 900 MARKET ET.
COR. STOCKTON & ELLIS. Phone John C31.
ESTABLISHED IN THIS CITY IN 1877.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING-HOUSES,
HOTELS AND FLATS.
I OFFER THE FOLLOWING BARGAINS:
fO-room corner house, only $3,500
21 rooms, only $."00 ca?h. bal. paymfs 1,100
II rooms, only $150 cash 350
VI rooms, on Geary St.. near Powfll.. S"i0
20 rooms, on Market; clears $200.... l.f>."»0
_4 rooms on Grant ave.. only 2.400
12 rooms, new furniture, cost $1200.. ti'JO
CO rooms. Just finished 5.&00
4S rooms clears $300 per month .... 5.C/K)
34 roon^s.' on Howard St.. clears $200. 1.7<1O
56 rooms, elegant corner, clears $3T>0. 5.S00
Hotel and bar. 80 rooms, clears $500. 10.0W
24-room house on Howard Ft 330
100 houses from 5 to 500 rooms: all prices.
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
I HAVE REMOVED TO 906 MARKET, eor.
Stockton and E'.lla. H. C. DECKER.
100 ROOMS; house for men; rent $140 $4000
f>8 rooms; south of Market; rent $100. 2000
24 rooms; corner; part cash; bal. easy. 850
II rooms; good Income; rent $20 350
21 rooms: water front; rent $40; lease. 650
120 rooms: good lease; low rent 6500
f>7 rms. ;apartments; Western Add; rent. 250
Money loaned at 1 Der cent.
Hotels, roadhouses, flats. 6 to 1C0 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
THOMAS & WILSON.
REAL ESTATE BROKERS.
1027 H Market st..
Have Removed to 1104 Market st.
Phone Jesile 4471.
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 400 Examiner bldg. —
Hotels, apartment houses, fiats and
ROOMING HOUSES.
$GM) — GREAT bargain; 10- room house on Eddy
st. ; positively clearing $40. 1032 Market, r. 4.
$6W> — 11 rooms, beautifully furnished; first-
class In every way! C12 Taylor. D. McRae.
11-ROOM houSe; steady roomers; other busi-
ness; must sell. S50 Market St., room 5.
SUNNY well fur. eor. flat. 14 rms.; rent $37;
price $050. 204 Second St., upstairs.
SPIRITUALISM.
MEDIUM card reader; readings 25c; sittings
dally; ladies only. 252 Natoma st., bet.
Third and Fourth,.
MRS. HARLAND — Readings dally. 113 Sixth.
Prophetic test circles evengs except Monday.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages
to-night. 10c. G19 McAllister. Come, skeptics.
KATIE HETSSMAN, circle Friday evening,
25c: sittings dally. 1000 Harrison st^
W. G. KEEGAN holds a test meeting to-night,
10c; sittings, 10 to 12 and 1 to o.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
X^ CALL AT~ONCE AND^AVeIi
My Regular $3 Reading This Week For
»1. |L $1. $1. $1. $1. $1- $1-
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make you no charge If I fail to tell your name,
occupation and what you called Tor; I promise
to tell you whether husband, wife or sweet-
heart is true or false; tell whom and when you
will marry; In fact, I will tell you every hope,
fesr or ambition better than you can tell your-
1 eelf. He restores lobt affections, reunites the
separated, causes speedy and happy marrteges, j
makes you successful and prosperous, cures
disease and Io5t vitality without medicine, lo-
cates hidden treasures; hours 10 a. m. to 8 p.
m. : Sundays 2 to 8. 326 O'Farrell st., 32ft.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant an*] business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third su. next Exam-
iner b!<lg.; she reads your life correctly,
gives an accurate description of the past, re-
veals the present happenings and portrays
events to occur In the futurs; it you are in
trouble, discontented or not satisfied In life,
or have domestic, love or business troubles,
consult this great medium and you will be
told how to overcome th«?m; valuable advice
In all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction
guaranteed ; readings by mail. Tel Black lf>ca.
ISMAR. ths Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant "and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St.. cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
tn. to 5 p. m.; readings by mail as satisfac-
tory es in person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5: send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; .don't rcend currency. Send postofflce.
Wells- Fargo money ord*r or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight; tells the past, present and future;
ladles. 50c: gents. $1: by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting. $1 50. 126 Turk st.
A — Mtne. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given: _5c up. 5 4th St.. near Market.
A wonder; have you seen her? LELA, palmist
end clairvoyant. 277 14th st.. near Mission.
illiS. SHAFSR. clairvoyar.t card reader; sit-
tings dally. 44SV4 Jessie St., bet. 5th and Cth.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
_t>',4 Kearny, room 20; ladles 2.1c ; gents 50c.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladies
25c; gents 50c; readings dally. 1^2 Sixth s*.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: la. 25c;
gents 50c 901 Mission et, nr. Gth; open Sun.
MME. MARFEAU. clairvoyant, card reader;
ladles 25c: gents 50c. 545 Minna et.
CARPET-BEATING AND CLEANING.
AIR, compressed, dry. Ice cold. Is now univer-
sally used In sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or Injury; prices mod-
erate. Appiy 8. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call big.; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. SS5-3S7 Tebama St.; tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero ft.; tel. Mis&lon 42.
TRY HOPKE BROS.' excellent carpet cleaning;
phcr.» Bush 421. 411-413 Powell st.
•ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co. 402 Sutter st.:
tfL Main 3^4. GEO. WALCOM ft CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH A CO.. carpet- beating work*; prices
r«-a?cr.able. 17C3 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 203.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
233 Golden Oate itm teUnhor.* East 12«.
CHIROPODISTS.
DR. WOODRUFF. 855 Market. Cth fl.. rm.
697 — Corns, bunions, inc. nails treated. $1;
hrs. 9-6; Sun.. 10-12; phor.e Howard 3226.
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 50 Geary— All
aliment)" of the f*»t cured: corns, bunlona.ete.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
ADVICE free; bad tenants ejected speedily. CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY.. r. S5. »16 Market;
tel. Red *>1S; collections; gen'l law business.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 41S Montromery. roonn n-10: tel. flssp.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE. 0 rooms, b_th and yard; fine view.
1323 Washington st., near Jones.
DENTISTS.
DrTlUDLUM HILL, 1413 Marketer. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
REMOVAL. \
DR. C W. RICHARDS, dentist, has re-
icoved frcm 47 Pert Et. to Mutual Bank bldg.,
room C14, corner G?ary and Kearny sts.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone— cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs. ; crown, $- CO: fillings, 60o;
plates. $5: full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth »t.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 225 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Bet teeth. $150 up; crowns.$2 up; nl!lngs,25c. -
GOLD fillings 75c/ silver SC=. 'crowns $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt,204 Sutttr.
10 PER CENT off thin month; estimates free,
New York Dentlrt*. 9C9 Mission St.. cor. Cth.
DRESSMAKERS & SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1010 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button fc buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
KDUCATIONAL.
OALLAOHER^XUSH^
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course' to be had; In-
dorsed by official 'court reporters. 1382 Mkt.
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket st.; specie! summer course In all depart-
ments : handscme catalogue free; life scholar-
chip. $50; day and evening sessions.
DANCING— Prof. Drew's studio of society
dancing, culture of graces. SG Geary . st.,
room 43; ladies' and gentlemen's private In-
struction; reception dally; phone Black 3738.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Cs.ll. corner Market end Third streets; open
C-til 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 127 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
800 Hayes street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
C39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
616 Lerkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
ir-41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until Dp, m.
106 Eleventh street; open cntil 0 p. n_
1C96 Valencia etreet; open until 9 p. ra.
Northwett corner of Twenty-eecond and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 9 p. m.
2200 mirror* street; open until 8 p. tn.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter 5.R. A. M.. ®
will meet THIS OTITE_DAY> EVEN-VV
ING, July 14. at ' t :M o'clock. P. M. /V\
and M. E. M. decrees. By order ci
the H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
GOLDEN Gate Lodee No. 30, F. and J»
A. M.— Called rneetinr THIS lTUES-'vS<
DAV) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /VA
first decree. Hy order of W. M.
KDW1N L. MISIKW, Secretarj-.
ORIENTAL LODGE No. 144. F. and «
A. M.— First dp.ree THIS (TUiiS-vy
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'cla.K. /Tr\
A. 6. IIUBUARU. Secretary.
THMPLAR LODGE No. 17. I. O. j^gv^-
O. F.— Triple initiation 'MHa-SC^iUDS:-
(TUE-DAY) EVENING. \'i£itiug t £gg_?3a__r
brothers cordially invited. "^ZiSXS^
J. It. MORRISON, ii. a.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. 204, I.
O. O. F. — Installation of officers jgSSBiagfo:
TUESDAY EVENING June I4.5*^^^?i
Members and visitors cordially "^SswS**'
invited. M. H. LUDLGW. N. G.
ANCIENT Orler cf United Workmen. VjjCft>
attention — Supreme Master Workman jjg-jLs
W. H. MILLER will arrive In Eantjg^
Francisco en THURSDAY. July 1«. *2JS^
and a reception to him h_s been ar-
rsr.gcd to lake place In Stein-ray Hall, _32
Sutter e_. on THURSDAY EVENING. July
16. at S o'clock, at which time the supreme
master will thoroughly explain the new plan
recently adopted by the Supreme Lodge. All
members of the order are cordially Invited
to be present.
C. T. SPENDER. Grand Recorder.
ANNUAL MEETING — The regular annual
meetlnc of the stockholders of the Spreck-
r'.t Sugar Company will be held at the office
of the company. 327 Market Et.. San Fran-
cisco, en MONDAY the 27th day of July,
1903, at the hour of 11 a. in., lor the pur-
pose of electing a board of directors to serve
*or the ensuing year and for the transaction
of such other business as may ccme before
the meeting. The trant:>r books will close
on Friday, July 24. Ii»o3. at 3 p. m.
VV^ H. HANNAM. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING^ — The regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Monterey
County Water Company will be held at the
"fflce of the company, 327 Market St.. San
Franclscr. on MONDAY, the 27th day of
July, 1JKW, at the hour of 11:30 a. m., for
the purpose of electing a board of directors '
to s»rve for the ensuing year and for the '
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting. The transfer
books will close on Friday. July 24 #luO3, at
3 p. m. W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting— The Risdon Iron and Lo-
comotive Wcrks — The _nua.l meeting cf the
stockholders of the Risdon Iron and Loco-
motive Works, for the election of trustees
fcr the ensuing year and the transaction of
tuch other business as may be brought be-
fore the r_e«tir.c will be held at the office
of the company. No. 20S Fteuart street. San
Francisco, on MONDAY, the «d dcy of Au-
gust, 1003. at 11 o'clock a. m.
AUGUSTUS TAYLOR. Secretary.
NOTICE TO STOCKHOLDERS OF THE
BANK OF CALIFORNIA— NOTICE 13
HEREBY GIVEN that a rpecial meeting of
the stockholders of the Bank of California,
hereby caUed by the President thereof, will
be held at No. 400 California street, the
banking-bouse of said bank, in the City and
Co__ty of San Francisco. State of- Califor-
nia, on WEDNESDAY, the 15th day cf July.
1903. at the hour of half-past three o'clock
:t. the afternoon cf s-ld <lay. for the pur-
pose cf considering acd deciding what dis-
position ehs.ll be rr.ace cf the new or In-
creased capital stock of said bank that may
be authorized by sold stockholders on said
cay, and of providing bow. to whom, when
r r.<5 at what price and under what conditions
ta:d new or Increased capital stock may be
sold, and for the purpose of authorizing and
directing the Board of Directors «f said
bank what to Co In the premises.
WILLIAM ALVORD.
ss President cf ths Bank ct California.
Deted July 1. l!>03.
THE California Debris Ccmniisslcn, having
received application to mice by hydraulic
r-rocess frcm F. W. McLean In Hampton
placer mine, on McRea Ridge, Plumas
Co.. C_l.. draining Into Nelson Creek,
which reaches middle fork of Feather Riv-
er, gives notice that a meeting will be held
at room $Wt Flood blrtg., San Francisco, Cal.,
July 27. 1903, at 1 :S0 p. m.
NOTICE of meeting. — The regular «ju»rUrly
Tneeticg of v-e directors of The Bask of Cali-
fornia wUl be held at the banking-house. 400
Cs!iror_la street. San Francisco. «n TUES-
DAY. July 14. 19C3. at 3 o'clock p. m. The
transfer bocks for the transfer of stock will
riote en Tues£ey. July 7. 1303, at 3 o'clock
p. m., _nd will reopen en Wednesday, July
;5. at 9 o'clock a. m. By order of the board.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the San Francisco So-
< l#ty for tee Prevention cf Cruelty to Anl-
ir._is will be held In the Parrctt building on
Mon<ay. July 20. 1903, at 4 o'clock p. m..
when a board cf trurtees will be elected.
C. n. HOLBROOK. Secretary.
ADOPTION.
A BLUE-EYED girl baby for adoption. MRS.
DR. Ft-'NKE. 1416 Eighth et.. Alameda.
AGENTS WANTED.
THE c_ly authorized life cf Pope Leo XIII.
written with the encouragement, approbation
and blessing of his holiness, by Msr. Bernard
OreiJly, D. D.. L. L. D.. who for eight years
Jived in the Vatican as domestic prelate to
jhe Pope; this distinguished American au-
thor was sut-moned to Rome and appointed
by the Pope as his official biographer; ap-
proved and recognized by Cardinal Gibbons
ar.d all church authorities as the only official
biography of the Pope; over S00 pages, mag-
nificently Illustrated: unparalleled opportuni-
ty for agents: best commission; elegant outfit
fre*. Send IS cents for psst&ge to the JOHN
C WINSTON CO.. 328 Dearborn st., Chicago
III.
AGENTE^ — W« have an article that every
woman wants and will buy 11 her attention
Is called to n.
We want women of sense, energy and push
for that purpose; evary eale means a perma-
nent customer. Do you want money? An
you energetic? If so. ea'l bet. 10 a. m. and
4 p. m.. room SIS. Phelan building.
. ASTROLOGY,
Astrology taucht. horoscopes cast. Prof. Ray-
mond bookstore. G49 Ellis. By mall If desired.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ROBT./W. KING. _tty-_t-!aw. Examiner bid.,
rm. Cll; all cas»s, damages, estates, v.-ills,
ettachments. collections, etc. ; consultation
free: no advance charges; call cr write;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3C01.
I'KOMPT attention to all cases jdlvorce. estates,
col lections; r.o fees unless successful; call or
write; even. Tun. and Frl.; est. 15 yrs. ED-
WARD ACKLEY. 927 Market .tel Jessie 1530.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost In meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
rases : no :<<r in advance; open every even-
ing. J. M. THUIiSTON. 6l» Market et.. r. 31.
ADVICE free; dli'orces a specialty ;qul<rk,qul»-t;
no chare* without rucress; established IB yrs.
G. W. IiOWE. 1122 Market St.. opp. Kale's.
AITKEN & AITKEN. atttorneys. rs. 303-10-11
Clucle bide. SC3 California s_; teL Main 727.
WICK MATTHEWS, attorney at law. C32 Mar.
ket st.. room 23; legal a •vice; back refs.
ADVICE free; no charge unless eucersyful; all
casee; open evgs. W.W.Davidson, 927 Market.
I_ H. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 027 Mar-
ket st.: consultation free: no fees in advance.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
;."iCE home for Infants or children by one
who loves them. lblS Prince tt.. Berkeley.
IIL'SINESS CHANCES.
V? AIUCLKG ~~" ' '¦""¦-
To the— —
Investing Public.
We announce the completion of our
Wonderful Ditching and Dredging Machine,
mhlcb will _o the work of hundreds of men
end hcrses.
On or about July 20th.
L'pcn it« completion no stock will be offered
for lees than $1 per share. Until then a few
chares remain to be sold at We. for cash or In-
ttaliments. Persons desiring to see this
Marvel of mechanical Ingenuity
can do ro by calling at the offices of ths
NATIONAL DITCHING & DREDGING CO..
CCl-t;o_-aa Examiner Building.
THOMAS & WILSON.
REAL ESTATE BROKERS.
IO2714 Market «t.
Have Removed to 1104 Market fct.
Phone^ Jessie 4471. ¦¦
tlSO — Restaurant; first -class, all complete. D.
McRAE tz CO.. 827 Mlcsion St. " ' -.
BANK DEPOSITORS "sending names and ad-
Crecses.will receive, free, valuable inferm*-
tlon. Box 2555. Call office.
IlAlRDIiEEPING parlors; cheap; value in sight;
cood location; retlrlns. 1153 Mkt.. bet.7tb-SU_
LOST AND FOCXP.
i^uT-ftn Oakland or Sausaltto ferry, lady's
Howard lavement; g^™.™
E. B. H.: liberal reward. H. I*. HINMA^t.
1 Spear st. ¦ -
st. ; reward. . _________
— — . v i c i n ity Pin* and Baker sts..
L< bu£n J of y keV BetuVnJOg^ Hyde; reward.
LOST-Lady's gold watch: Initial- A M.; pic
ture Inside; reward. 42b tt Fulton st.
LOST-A St. Bernard dog Reward 3573
Eighteenth St.; tel. Church 4^0.
LOST-Keys to saTTdTposit box; return to 21
Palace Hotel: reward. _____
_X>ST-Boy's overcoat. Reward at 20O4 Six-
teenth st. • .
CH »nd^rg]tf^--^l Urn tO b * nh -
LOST-Parrot; wings -iiitatly clipped. Return
to 057 Mission __: $2 CQ____a__
1^ reSa^ ; H^nV ST
suasss aBSR^gSIS
gold *v.<\ sliver t» make new watch caar».
MEDICAL.
1 VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pllla
sold- Drice $' W) by express. Pasteur* a syr-
fngt' a P nd Ce tableU: prlc U 50 >.»rj™™>
only on receipt of price. , OSG °°£ n 5f°^ H J
ERS. wholesale druggists. toawntn ana
¦ Broadway. Oa-Jand. _____________
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for 'all femalj
complaints^ Instant reUef «^ aran " e 5' .,
years' experience. 723 Po»t St.. near Jones.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable «P*c», alist . f °f *" JT
male troubles and irregnlarltles; Instant w-
lief guaranteed. 1008^ Market St.. QPP- 3tn.
DR G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult thus specialist on M™***
complaints: positively corrected: th* unror-
tunate helped; the most difficult cases treai-
ed; advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
DR. ROSEN. 2995 Folsom. cor. 26th— Ladlea'
exclusive office- and homo where relief is ob-
talned in all case- taken: consultation free.
MRS. D. ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist: a private home before and durinff
confinement: best medical care: low fees.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, female camp. : 25 yr* exper'nee.
DR and MRS. DAVIE3 and HINDOO HERB3.
original method of treatment. 1123 Market at.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. opposite
XTnlon square: all disease* etired by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS-— FOR SALE.
BOILERS engines. 2-band machinery. — tcIN-
TOSH A WOLfMAN. 135-197 Fremont st.
ALL our goods delivered on first payment; you
can buy from us diamonds, watches. Jewelry,
sealskins, men's tailor-made clothing, trunks,
suit cases, on a very smalt weekly payment;
no Interest charged: It will pay y°u to ex-
amine our goods and prices; established 1S5Q.
LICHTENSTE1N BROS.. 25 Stockton t.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with Elaterlte; in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good o~er old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
SECOND-HAND machinery, boilers, engines,
pumps, water pipe, bought, sold, rented an.t
exchanged. See Sunday's papers. II. S. WHITE
MACHINERY COMPANY. 130-132 BeaJe St.
A— FINE suits. $7 60; dress pants. $2 80. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny st..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to nonn.
A— $3 60 DERBY and fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near
Pine; open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pip*, shafting, pulleys.
etc WHITELAW. 233-255 Spear st.
GENTLEMAN'S black double-b— *a«ted Ion?
overcoat: imported gooda; cost $50; will sell
for any price. Box^ 1812. Call office.
HANDSOME black cocker spaniel, full p«»t.
perfectly house broken. C. DUJARDIN. 201
Castro st.
BEAUTIFUL, intelligent, lonsr-halred black
watchdog; good size. Odeon. from 11 to 12.
MILES of pipe and fittings: all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY A SONS. 100 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture fllo and scnir slides. 1C_
Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
A CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains; camp stools & chairs, hammock*.
metal beds. mattressea.J.F.Hott?r.712 Mlaalon
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupl. 933 Mfrt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches,
all nlzes. J. E. DOAK. 48 Fremont it.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ASK for prices on «econd-ha_d typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER A CO.. IIP Montg"y.
MAGIC lanterns, new ar.d 2d-hand moving plc»
tures. BULLARP A BRECK. 131 Post st.
3IISCELLANEOCS WANTS.
WANTED — Old pictures ot George Washing-
ton. Jefferson. Adams, Napoleon, etc.; hlga-
est prices paid; send name of engraver and
publisher on picture: by mail only. OEO.
L. GOODMAN. 2180 Sutter st.. San Francisco.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing" and
theatrical goods. 154 9th »t.: teL Jessie 2351.
$;CCO WORTH cast-off clcthing wanted; highest
price raid. 322 Grant ave.: tel. Red 39;{2.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY. -
€01 -€02-603 Examiner building.
Quici settlements; no disappointment
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust.
' etc. ; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly- confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 to $10.000.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rate?. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 8W
Market st.. tel. Main 164-1. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants teamsters, boarding-horses, without
security: easy payments; largest business in
46 principal cities. Tblman. 55.T Parrot bldg.
A 1 por cent on furniture or piano; no removal:
no commission; no publicity: $25 up; quick,
- quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st..rm. 7.
AT cut rates on real estate, furniture or piano;
no commission. E. W. LICK. 1003 Mutual
Sav. Bk. bid.. 70S Market: phone Main 816.
S. "fT DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loans to salaried
people on th?ir note.
Th« TOUSLEY CO 14."*. Phelan bids.
MONEY to lean on low Interest: gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHALL'S. 10 Sixth st.
GOOD names; 1% on furniture. 2d mortgage:
any security. 302 Montgomery St.. rm. It*.
3% ON furniture & p'ane*; $1?> up: no removal:
V. TREMAIN. room SI. 6 Eddy st.. flcor 4,
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
- mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 K'arny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on* notes withou;
lndorser. MORRELL. 600 Examiner bid.
3IUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A FEW snaps selected from 200; all reduced on
account of summer season for June. July:
8 Chickerlsg 5»3. $37. SlS-1
2 Emerson $95. ill3
2 Heine $233. $3S»
2 Stelnway. small A Urge uprtght.$13S. S3S3
New pianos from $137 up
£8 Squares frcm -••• ..$13 up
Piano Pl_yers. $9O up: rentn reduced to $3
up. apply on purchase; Installments, one-
tenth down, two years to pay balanca.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary st.; te_
Main 3714.
STEINWAY upright, left by privato party.
$185; gr;at bargain. 237 Geary __
BUY your piano now and begin payment waea
you return from your vacation. By mis
means you secure the benefit of our reduced
prices. Large stock, desirable goods aad
easy payment. THE ZENO MAUVa_*
MUSIC CO., 7ffl> Market st.
A FEW good upright pianos from $70. compris-
ing Vose, Sterling. Jacobson, Sc_wec_t?n
Sherwood. Weser, Marshall & Wendell.
Halnes, Everett and others: easy payments.
BENJ. CUKTAZ A SON. l«-20 O'Farrell st.
No branches in San Francisco.
BAND Instruments; F. Season. Paris, maker;
Gus Maiwald. Agt. Pae. Coast. 27S O'Farrell:
skillful repairing: 2d-hand Instruments *old.
MAGNIFICENT Knabe. 3-Dedal upright plant*
at grtat loss: leaving city. 820 O"K_rrell st
BEST renting piano In city for $_ per month.
SCOTT-CURT AZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayas ax.
BARGAIN: good upright: must b* sold at
once. SCHMITZ A CO.. 16 McAUlstsr St.
EOHMER. Byrcn Mauzy pianos. Ceclllan Dlano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post ic
SUPERIOR violins, xlthers. old and new _L
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 220O FUlmore.
EPtTCATIONAL— Contlnncd.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Electricity. 24
Post st., 8. F. ; a practical school of engineer-
ing; complete equipment. Special catalogue
free. ¦ ' ¦¦ ¦ ' ¦ '
THE Berlitz School of Languages has removed
to 1000 Van Ness ave.; rates reduced during
summer. Send for catalogue.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at TeutoriSa Hall, Howard
st., near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mln., mech.. sur-
vey, astoy. cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Xaillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A SUMMER school of shorthand and bookkeep-
ing; enroll now and be ready for poaltion In
fall. S. F. Business College, 1236 Market St.
LESSONS given in Water Color or Otl Paint-
ing from Nature. CURRIER. S72 Sutter st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping,' grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr.6th.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkpg. $8 mo.
HEALD'S Buclnees College. 24 Post st. S. F.;
founded ISftS: new 80-nage catalogue free.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEOrtGE ACKI. 421 Post «t.; tel. Bush 135 —
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
CAN supply 15 Japanese laborers on quick no-
tice for farm work 8nd picking fruit. Ad-
drese II. ICHIYASU. 1221 3d st.. Sacramento.
A — ORPIIEUM Employment Office — Japanese,
Chinese help. 420 Powell. Tel. Alain 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp Office, 415
Stockton: tel. Grant 168: expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chines* Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 year*,
Tel. Mnln l!)07. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT AVANTED-^-FEMALE.
A SWEDISH eecond girl: good waitress and
seamstress. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
A SWEDISH cook; 5 years one place: wages
$35 to $40. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter St.
STRONG American woman wants work by the
day. washing and Ironing; first-class house-
cleaner; $1 and car fare. Address box 1814,
Call office^ .
DRESSMAKER of experience will accept en-
gagements In families. $1 35 per day; refer-
ences. 1237 Webster Bt.. near Ellis.
WOMAN wants a situation to do light house-
work In a small family or to work by th»
day. Call at 64S Stevenson »t.
POSITION wanted by young girl as lady's
maid; speaks German: willing to travel or
live in country. Address box 1S31. Call.
GERMAN woman, good cook and light house-
work wishes position in small family in
country: wages $20. 322 Jessie St.. nr. 4th.
GERMAN cook wishes situation In private
family; wages $35; city references. Call 1809
California^.
WOMAN" with a child 3 years would like po-
sition as working housekeeper. Apply 1350
Minna et. ¦•¦ '
WANTED— A situation for downstairs work;
a good cook; references. 220S Bush st.
LADY stenographer wishes position; 30 to 60
dictated letters dally. Box 1804. Call office.
DRESSMAKING— A thorough fitter ar_ trim-
mer on ladles' "and children's gowns wants
engagements; $1 50 day. 928 Post St.. phone
Hyde 3452. ' "
ACCOMPLISHED musician from the East
wishes a few more music scholars: terms 6Oo
per lesson: piano and organ. Mrs. Steuder,
27 Laskle St., bet. 8th and Oth, off Mission.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. C33 McAllister et.
EM I'LO YME NT \V A XTE D MALE.
RELIABLE, sober man wishes situation as
choreman and care for garden or assistant
gardener; can milk and care for horses.
Box 1S1C, Call. j
GENTLEMAN (32 years), highest references,
speaks several foreign languages, wishes
position of trust: bond If required. Box
1102, CallL j
BOY of 10 from country wants to work for 1
board and attend Lick Polytechnic School.
Address MRS. M. W. ELilORE, Sebastopol, 1
Cal. 2
RELIABLE elderly man wants situation where j
he can make himself useful; moderate wages;
har.dy at most anything. Box 1817, Call.
STUDENT wishes to work in private family
in return for board and room; goes to Lick
School. Box 181!>. Call office.
TRAINED male nurse desires position, city
or country, care of Invalid; terms moderate;
references. Box 1811. Call.
COOK experienced meat and pastry, sober,
and reliable wants position. W. A. JONES.
Frultvale P. O.
A YOUNG man would like a few hours' work
dally. A. M. M., room 206. Emma Spreck-
els buildlnc.
JANITOR or porter wants Job; used to Insti-
tution; good with all kind of tools. Box
1S19. Call office. - '
A SOBER young man would like to get Into
some barber shop In center of trade or In
Oakland: has had 2 years' experience. Box
1810. Call. -
FIRST-CLASS stonemason wishes position as
foreman or Journeyman: expert on water-
tight masonry. Address J. F., Denver House,
Third tit.
RESPONSIBLE man would like place In office
to run set of books and do collecting; $65;
ben of references. P. R:. 1332 Church St..
upstairs.
RAILROAD construction, mining or similar
work by bookkeeper and accountant: thor-
oughly experienced with rolls, time, supplies,
etc. Box 2590. Call.
GOOD Job shop foreman carpenter or cabinet-
maker; 25 years' experience: 6 years with last
firm. 270 Hartford St.. city.
WANTED — Position as bookkeeper, cashier, or
bcth; references. Box 2297. Call office.
ACCOUNTANT cf experience wants position;
best of references. • Box 2534, Call.
YOUNG Japanese neat N boy wishes position
cleaning doctor's or dentist's office or similar
work; reference; postal answered. T. H.,
418A, Post 6t. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmor^.
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stock
and bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
sold; stock accepted for services. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Poet.
FLATS TO LET.
HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list: ser-
vice absolutely free; take advantage of this
department: it will save you time and trouble.
Cordcs Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary st.. on
the square.
PARK flats; rew; elegantly finished; on Sac-
end ave. and C st.. one block to McAllister
cars; 5 rooms, 6 rooms, 7 rooms, 10 room*;
$25 to $45: sunlight all around; open.
HAIGHT. 442— Lower flat. 6 rooms and bath.
GREENWICH. 2727 — Upper; sunny; 6 rooms;
new; ir.erlna view; $25; open.
MCALLISTER, C37 — 3 large sunny rooms, bath,
yard, every convenience; adults; reasonable.
TO LET— Flat of 4 rooms; 1897 O'Farrell.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st.
FURNITURE WASTED.
L. AND L. Auction Co., 1059-01 Mission; phone
Jessie 1871; cpot cash for furniture, etc.
A. .WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HELP WANTED--FEMALE.
WANTED — Housework, country, 2 In family,
$35, no wash; 2 cook;, $30, $35; cook for a
home, $50; 2 infants' nurses, $25; 14 nurse-
girls, $15, $20, $25; chamberwork, private
family, $25; 5 hotel waitresses, ?20, $25;
head waitress, $35; 2 laundresses, country
hotels, $25 and $40; housework, 3 in family,
Ross Valley, $Z0; cook, small short order
restaurant. $35; cleaning woman, children's
home, $l'0: dormitory girl, $20; chamber-
maid ar.d waitress, country hotel, $25; wait-
ress, same hotel, $25; 44 houseglrls at $20,
$25, $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT A CO.,
334 Slitter st.
HAIRDRESS1NO, manlcurlnir, massage, hair
work; removal of superfluous hair taught
from A to Z in 2 weeks for $4 50; positions
guaranteed: $10 to $20 per week; school. day
and eve. 233 Geary, r. 13; maids prepared.
•HAIRDRESSING,- manicuring, massagej scalp
treatment, hair. work, removal of ¦ superfluous
hair; $5 2 weeks; day and eve. class; wages
$10 to *20 wk. V£W Market, cor. Jones, r. 04.
WANTED — A girl for light housework; no car-
pet sweeping; no windows, no cooking; refer-
ences requtred. Apply between 10 and 12,
1392 Geary st. '
EXPERIENCED alteration hands on - ladles'
tailor-made suits; steady position.. Cloak
department, M. FRIEDMAN & CO.. 237 Post.
WANTED— .Reliable, willing; girl to do general
housework; wnges $35 per month. Call before
2 p. m.,- 1905. Broadway.
WANTED — Talloress. 927 Market Bt., .room
623. - ' ..
PANTS operator and finisher wanted at once;
•teady work, j 240 Seventh H.J. ,
If you contemplate a visit to countries far away, ' \ ~ . . .
And would like a nice companion to help in work or play,
A, pleasant Girl you'll get, no doubt, and that without delay
By a want ad. in this paper— but state the wage you'll pay.. Jacob and Helena Walter (wife) to .Jacob
Mueller lot' on W line of Watts street,' 115:1
Nof Peralta, N 30 by W 135, portions of sub-
Robert T. and Rosa Ward to T. E. and Miss
Kat*y Rice', lot on W line of Market street.
151:7 KW of Fourteenth. S 40 by W 125, Oak
land In consideration of the eum of $4000 now
owing from first to second parties and secured
by mortgage on eald property, subject to con
tlltion that first rartf« s shall have use and pos
session of said premises for one year from
date at $30 rental and right to redeem within
one year, deed and defeasance; .
¦ W S and Helen Mary Merriam to George
H Ismon lot 3. block 1. map of Linda Vista
Terrace, 'Oakland, subiect to mortgage for
Standard Building and Loan Association <a
corporation) to Dlxon Brabban. lot on S corner
of Fifth avenue and E Eighteenth street. SE
100 by SW 50, block 00, Clinton, East Oakland;
* 2 W°' H and Rose E. Feary to Calvin A. Shaw,
lot 14 block A, map of subdivisions of Heald
Twenty-third avenue Tract, Brooklyn Town
"''jonn 1 !'. and Edna F. Beckett to John Mc-
Millan lot 27 and E 10 feet of lot 27}4. amend
ed map of subdivision of Mosswood Tract, OaK
13 Wimam B Merrill to Martha J. Merrill, lot
on W line of Linden street, 261 :fl S of West
Twenty-first. -8 39. W 132. N 24.21. E 132,
block B, map survey of Northern .Extension,
Oakland; $10. ' '
Oakland Paving Company (a corporation) to
Herschel Miller. N 60 feet of lot 12 block S.
64S map survey of same, Oakland; $10.
Margaret and Lester B. Hlscox to W. F.
Kroll lot on NW: line of Thirteenth avenue, 25
NE of Bay View. NE 25 by NW 100. lot 11.
block E. map of Bella Vista Park, East Oak
* Louise Nielsen (single) to M. Nulty. lot on N
line of Grayson street, 130 E of Eighth, E 30
by N 100, lot S, block 163, Grayson Tract.
Berkeley $10.
Matilda E. and David T. Cahlll to Martha
Benton (single), lot on N line of Cilnton'etreet.
B0 W of- Summit. W 125. N 125 to S line of
Hopkins street. E 125, S 100 to beginning;,
block A. map new town of Lynn, East Oak-
Frederick ' D. Talt (widower) to Ernest ¦ L.
Lawton or.Lawson, lot on N- corner, of High
street <slnce widening) and Glen avenue, thence
NE 207.62, NW 335.97, SW. 207.12, SE 303.50.
portion of lot 3, map of lands of Brooklyn
Land Company. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Amelia Sharon (single) to P. F. and Hannah
Donlon, lot 6, block D, map of Hemphlll Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10. • -
Alameda County.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Magnus Talt to Aser.ath F. Talt, lot on N
line of Greenback avenue. 195 E of Pleasant
Valley, E 25 by N 135. lot 7. block D. map of
Lincoln Park (warranty deed). Oakland; $10. :
William -North or William Norh Dudgeon
(single) to William Cron- Jr.. lot 17, map of
Rldgewood. East Oakland: $10.
A. W. and R. S. Naylor iwlfe) to J. C.
Rouse, lot on S line of Durant' avenue. 50 E
of Fulton street. E 60 by S 90. block 13. prop
erty of College Homestead Association, Berke
ley;'$10.
Glennle Davis (single) to Mrs. Sarah R. and
Howard F. Jones (son), lot on W line of Ox
ford. Street, 120 N of Rose. N 40 by W 135.
block 22. map of property of N. Byrne m
Berkeley Villa Tract/Berkeley; $10.
Rosa or Rosle and Aline Schmaltz and Jules
F. Hancock (and as attorney), Charles O. and
Emilie B. Schmaltz. ¦ Victor A., Frank J. and
Rosa Hancock to Abraham I. Neumann, lot
beginning at a point In center line of Fruit
vale avenue, SW82 distant from Nff- corner
of tract formerly conveyed to Julius W.
Wyman, 383 D. 303. said point of beginning
being SW 423.50 from S line of Huff avenue
or county road 1540. thence SE 235. N and In
line with fence. .NE 70. . NW 208.50 to point
on E lino of Frultvale avenue at Intersection
of land of said. Wyman with lands of C. and
E. S.~ Deering, thence- at an angle NW to
center line of Frultvale . avenue to NW -corner
of land so ' conveyed to said Wyman. -SW 83
to beginning. Brooklyn Township; $10.' .
5 John and Frederick A. J. Treadwell to Oak
land Realty and Investment Company, (corpo
ration), 12 acres, same aa In ninth deed In
Transcript No. 3802, July 10. 1800, Eden Town
ship; $10. v --¦¦ - •
William H. and Frances Macklnnon to S. H.
Look. W H ot lot 20. block P. property of
Central Land Company, formerly Brown Tract,
Oakland: $10.
divisions B and C In lot 7. block 803, map 2,
Watts Tract. Oakland; $10.
Harlow P. Bancroft to Catherine P. Rea
(wife of John), lot on N line of Sherman ave
nue, 100.67 W of Gold street, W SO by-N 115,
lots 24. 24 Vi and portion of lots 22. 23, 25 and
til. amended map of subdivision of Mosswood
Tract. Oakland: $10.
Ira M. and Samantha D. Condit to N. H.
Chamberlain, lot at intersection, of S line of
Knox avenue with line parallel and distant W
from Telegraph avenue 460.31. thence E along
said line of Knox avenue 60.225,- S 142.431, W
60. N 140.03, lot 13 and W 10 feet of 'lot 12,
map of. Knox Park. Oakland: $10.
ARRIVED.
. . • - Monday, July 13.
- Stmr Robert Dollar, Johnson, 50 hours from
San Pedro.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 10 hours fm Bodega.
Schr Honolulu. Nellaen, SI days fm Pisagua.
SAILED.
Monday. July 13.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen. Mendocino.
Stmr Despatch, Hansen. .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ABERDEEN— Arrived July 13— Brig Galilee,
hence June 27: schr F M Slade. hence June 27;
stmr Santa Monica, hence July 0; schrs "W H
Smith, Bangor. Nokomls and Wlnslow. from
San Pedro.
Sailed July 13 — Schr Sailor Boy. for San
Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived July 13— Stmr Nebras
kan, hence July 10; stmr Umatllla, hence
July 10. . •...:
Sailed July 13 — Stmr Humboldt, for Skagway.
> FOREIGN PORTS. •
VICTORIA. B C— Arrived July 13— Stmr
Umatllla, hence July 10.
Passing in July 13 — Jap stmr Shinano Maru,
from Yokohama."
Late Shipping Intelligence.
No Reason Known for the Suicide.
DETROIT, Mich.. July 13.— Frank F.
Rogers, aged 19 years, brother of Mrs.
William A. Rublee. wife of United States
Consul General Rublee at Vienna, was
found dead in a barn last night. His body
was not identified until to-day. In his
pocket was a small amount of morphine.
No reason Is known why he should have
committed suicide.
NAHANT, Mass., July 13.— With band
concerts, sports and other pleasurable
features the celebration of the semi-cen
tennial of the founding of Nahant, begun
with appropriate religious services yester
day, was continued to-day. The town for
mally welcomed the officers of the North
Atlantic squadron, the vessels having
come to take part In the ceremonies, and
extended to" those in command the free
dom' of the town.
Celebrate Founding of Nahant.
OAKLAND, July 13.— The City Council
to-night passed to print th,e ordinance
to license boxing exhibitions in Oakland.
In committee of the whole, indefinite post
ponement was voted on a proposition to
increase street sprinklers wages from $4
to $3 a day.
To License Boxing.
OAKLAND, July 13.—L. Bartholdi. a
laborer, Is in custody at the City Prison
pending Investigation of a charge that he
raised a time check on the county from
one day to twenty-one -days and induced
Joseph Vlguiar, landlord of . the. Arcadia
House, to cash the fraudulent paper.
Laborer Charged With Fraud.
OAKLAND, July 13.-Chief Engineer
Ball of the fire department has received
$1500 in subscriptions to the firemen's re
lief fund. Additional subscriptions re
ported are: Hugo Abrahamson, $25; John
A. Britton, $50; Clay Hawbaker, $100; W.
G. Henshaw, $100; Contra Costa Water
Company, $50; W. G. Palmanteer, $25;
Taylor & Co., $10; George C. Yager, $2 50;
George Merrill, $10; A. C. Hodges, $1; G.
L. Daniels, $1: W. E. Watson. $25; Thom
as Prather, $25; C. G. Burpee, $25.
Firemen's Fund Subscriptions.
The directors of the California Retail
Grocers' and Merchants' Association have
appointed a committee to take the pre
liminary stepa to establish a mutual fire
insurance company In this State, in which
the merchants will be largely concerned.
At the last session of the Legislature a
bill was presented and went through both
houses concerning mutual fire insurance,
but It was pocketed by the Governor. It
is now proposed by the merchants who
were back of the measure Introduced in
the Legislature to proceed under the gen
eral Insurance law of the State.
The committee referred to will suggest
the names of the first board of directors
of the new company. On the committee
are: Joseph A. Stulz. president of the
California Retail Grocers' and Merchants'
Association; T. H. Corcoran, president of
the local retail grocers; R. H. Warfleld,
Frank H. Gould and W. F. Burbank. The
committee has been instructed to have
hardware, drugs and other branches of
business represented on -the first direc
tory.
The paid up capital of the new company*
will be $200,000, divided into 2000 shares of
the par value of $100 each. The stock will
bo placed with retail merchants all over
the' State, so say the promoters of the
new company.
The nomination of the first directors
probably will be made this week- Tn«
committee is busy interviewing prominent
business men to secure their active sap
port. One purpose of the new company,
as stated by those concerned. Is to insure
properties of its members, but a general
Insurance business is also proposed, to be
confined to California.
The only contest of the meeting was on
the election »of treasurer, and that sim
ply applied to the question of compensa
tion attaching to the office. Several di
rectors maintain that the policy adopted
by the board of 'regents of the State Uni
versity In designating a treasurer and
authorizing a bank to conduct the finan
cial business without expense to the Insti
tution should be- adopted by the Veterans'
Home.' The ballot on nominees for treas
urer was secret, but In the discussion at
tending the contest Directors Loop and
Burke opposed the payment of $1300 per
year, or any other sum as salary of the
treasurer. Directors . Bllnn and Ruddick
spoke in favor of continuing the compen
sation of the treasurer.
On tha first ballot the vote stood— C.
Mason. Klnne, 5; James K. Wilson. 5.
The second ballot stood— Klnne. 5; Wil
son, 4, and one blank. The chair ruled
that Colonel Kinne was elected treasurer.
Mr. Wilson had no information that he
would be voted for. but Director Loop
assured the board that the San Francis
co National Bank, of which Mr. Wilson
Is president, or the Bank of California
would perform the duties of treasurer
without expense to the home.
George W. Strohl of Napa County, who
was recently appointed to the board by
the Governor, took his seat. Officers of
the board and of the home were re-elect
ed as follows: President, Samuel W.
Backus; vice president, W. J. Ruddick;
secretary? John F. Sheehan; treasurer,
C. Mason Klnne: commandant. George W.
Walts; adjutant, C. B. Graham; medical
director, Dr. W. F. McAllister; assistant
medical director. Dr. J. S. McCue; quar
termaster, J. J. Lyon; chief engineer, Ray
D. Clark.
The board of directors of the Veterans'
Home of California met yesterday and
opened proposals for a new Corliss en
gine for the power plant and for laundry
machinery. The bids were referred to the
building: and grounds committee. S. J.
Loop, chairman, and the chief engineer,
Ray D. Clark, to determine the lowest
offer.
Committee Is Appointed to
Nominate a Board of
Directors.
Plan to Continue Salary of
Treasurer Meets With
- Objection.
Propose to Form Mu
tual Fire Insurance
Company.
Officers of. the Veterans
Home Re-elected
for Two Years.
RETAILERS PLAN
TO UNDERWRITE
DIRECTORS MEET
AND OPEN BIDS
IHE.SAN FBASeiSCO CALL, TUESDAY,, JULY 14, 1903.
13
nEM ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
W." J. GLNN.
i; rnn 530 CALIFORNIA STREET.
fl.jOO— Building lots, very choice in that new
and desirable neighborhood where flrst-
cla.«s «n<1 coMly residences are going up;
2Sxl2i> each with pretty view «nd lock-
ing into Presidio on high pround: street
work done; a few steps? from the elec-
tric carp; easy terms cen be- arranged;
>mi can pay in installments; west s de
of Sixth ave.. north of Lake *t.. up
toward the Tr«>tli!io wall. Our sign on
the lots.
?:0.<XK> — Green, north elde Jur.t ea*t of De-
: »viFadero: BOrlCS : the choicest residence
l^t on Pacific Heights with grand ma-
j rine vif-w.
SI. 750 — Union, north side, west from Broder-
' lck; lot 25x100; fine marine view; cheap.
: e- •'•On— T'nion. north side, near t'cott; Iot3
• 25xllf>: cheap
f4.r*Vi— Bujlrtss i ot on 1'nlr.n. 50x110.
$F5(!— 1 lot lfft on north side A. near Eighth
ave.. r.'.xinfl; cheaiv-Ft lot In Richmond;
eewered ready for building; » lines cars:
can borrow $600; fine buy: or will sell
on Installments. $1OO first payment.
KSSO only for both— Another bargain: 2 lots
a Jew steps from park: Fulton-st. cars
pass; 50x120; marine view.
W. J. Gl'NN.
530 California st.
A PMALL tract of land that Is wooded and
1 at rtream. or creek, in sltelv location. Is
tec.ulr*<1 b; n. club within reasonable dls-
atr.ee of gar Francisco: state price and give
d. sciit.tion: propositions will bo considered
t:l*<> t:' land on McCloud River or in Lake
Tiho? region. W. J.GUXX. 530 Califor-
nia tt. ;
$450o_FOR sale; 2 new 2-flat hou*ee, just fin-
Uh«4, containing 4 and 5 rooms: separate i
yard and basement for each flat; open plumb-
• ing and all modern conveniences; on Golden
i Gate ave. near North Willard st.; 2 blocks
from Golden Gate Park. Apply on premises j
or at 220 North Willard St.; take McAlIlster-
! st. cars, j
I WHOLE block of houses Just started near the
Park on Carl Cole Shrader&Parnassus avs.;
plant terms prices to tult; apply premises.
JAMES ROUNTREE A CO.. 137 Carl st.
FOR PAI.E— House of 8 rooms, high base- i
ment; sunny si<le of Nineteenth St.. between
Valencia and Mission; muit sell; no reason-
able offer refused. STEPHENS & CO.. 221 ;
Powell st. • I
THE BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPA
NY 511-512 Callaghan building, will buy you
a lot and build you a house: email cash pay-
ment- tS per month pays principal and ln-
i terest on each $1000 of balance due.
FOR sale — New 7-room modern cottage: nicely
decorated; easy terms. 27 Lizzie, nr. 30th .
and Mission. Apply owner. 3252 Mission st.
INVESTMENTS south of Market st. from $1500
to IU.O0Q, paying from 10 to 15 per cent.
byndicaie InveEtment Co.. 207 Montgomery.
NEW houses, and flats on Second ave. a»d C
tt. for pale on easy payments; one block to
McAllister cars: prices to suit you; open.
r»Oxl<iO: NORTHWEST corner Folsom and
Eighteenth sts. ; It controls the crossing. Call
at 213S Folfom ft. ' , '
'< Slt^'O — House 8 rooms and balh; brick founda-
tion. MADISON & BURKE. 30 Montgomery.
HOME lets In the Mission. $500; $10 monthly;
no Interest. Own«r. 636 Clay st.. room 1.
REAL ESTATE: — Country — For Sale.
FOR SALE BY C. S. CAPP & CO.,
Real Estate Agents, 630 Market st.
Fifty acres In heart of Mill Valley, Marln
County; convenient to railroad; suitable for
picnic grounds or subdivision Into buliding
lot*: to be soli as a whole.
Over B300 acres fine stock lands In Monterey
end Han Benito counties; well watered and
very desirable.
Also 122o acres adjoining; good stock land; for
Bale separately or together.
Over 800 acres in Fresno County; 10 miles from
Fresno: with canal and right o* way: on the
line of S. P. R. R. and San Joaquin River.
A full block in Fresno; well locaied and a bar-
gain.
«&0 or 640 acres In Tehama County, within
a mile or so of railroad: near Hooker sta-
tion, 10 miles north of Red Bluff.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches. ¦ orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
! lom:e sent free. C M. WOOSTER CO.. 643
I Market »t.
! POJTJKT KICHMO.M) KEAI. BSTATB.
| % ~
' FOR sale— 127 acres near Point Richmond:
price *17..VK). Address A. B. PATRICK &
CO.. 415 Front St.. San Francisco.
1 ¦
SAX 3IATEO REAL ESTATE. j
FOR Fale or to rent. 4*4 acres near San Mateo; ]
improvements. Inquire GRUMON. 25 Post.
PROPERTY WAXTED.
; WANTED — Two houses. Western Addttion; 8
tn 8 rooms. 830 Market st.. room 5.
j SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
j f 15 50 drop-head oak. guaranteed; second-hand,
to to $15: some nearly new; 60 days' exchange
agreement. Chicago 6.M. Exchange, 933 Mkt.
i St.. bet. Sth and Cih: phone South 433; eleva-
tcr: branch. 2S5 Geary rt. : phont Main 750.
LEGAL. ADVERTISEMENTS.
j NOTICE TO CREDITORS Estate of J. HARRY
BRENNAN. deceased — Notice is hereby
given by the undersigned, administratrix of
f.c estate of J. HARRY BRENNAN. de-
ceased, to the creditors of and all persons
hiving claims against the said deceased,
to exhibit them with the necessary vouchers
within four months after the first publica-
tion of this notice to the said administratrix
at the office cf A. F. ST. SURE, room Jfo.
1^C3. Claus Spreckels building. San Fran-
cisco. California, which said office the un-
dersigned selects as her place of business in
all matters connected with said extate of J.
HARRY BRENNAN. deceased. CATH-
ERINE A. BRENNAN. Administratrix of
the Eetate cf J. HARRY BRENNAN. de-
ceased. Dated San Francisco. July 3, 1003.
A. F. ST. SURE. Attorney for Estate, Claus
Spreckels building. San Francisco.
AUMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
JUST WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR!
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded by flowers and fruit trees; near
train and schools; only $2S50; lot 75x125.
Nice C-room cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
Tel. Grand 1461. 1500 Park fit.. Alameda.
BERKELEY' ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
STOP PAYING RENT.
A new 6-room cottage, bath, stationary tubs,
patent toilet, gas and electric light; street
work done; price $2500; terms, small cash
pa j ment. balance to cult.
O. A. RUDOLPH, Lorin.
Open Sundays.
HAVE YOU $1200?
If so I can sell you the best 5-room cottage
in Berkeley; nice garden; street work done;
clos* to station and streetcars; price $2400;
terms, one-half cash, balance to suit.
O. A. RUDOLPH, Lorln.
Open Sundays.
SEE THIS HOUSE.
• A beautiful new 7-room house; strictly up to
date: convenient to station and streetcars;
Ftreet work done; price $3000; terms, only
$'.£0 cash, balance same as rent.
• O. A. RUDOLPH. Lorln.
Open Sundays.
$3300 — 7-ROOM house, barn; large lot; on
street car line; exceptional easy terms to
responsible party. ,
$1600 — 5-room house; lot 35x135; one square of
Grove-st. cars.
$2T*00->-r*-room house; lot 50x135; one square
from Berkeley station. . .. ¦ !
J1650 — 6-rr?om house, near College ave.; lot
40x120.
$1000 — Lot 45x125, east side Fulton; street
work done.
11600— 5 rooms and bath; 35x135; Parker st.
$1600 — l-room cottage; lot 50x135.
(2500 — 7 rooms and bath; lot 00x100; half
block to cars.
CHENEY & BERRY,
P. O. Block, Berkeley.
>2&VO — HANDSOME, well-built 7-room house;
windmill, barn, stable, wagon shed; -lot
00x143; street work complete; close to
csrs; $250 cash, balance $25 per month.
$£00 — A Berkeley chicken ranch; 3- room
house; chicken houses, stable, wagon
.*_"* sheds; lot 90x125; fenced; tj block from
cars; can sell on terms. ¦• :
«1300 — Handsome, well-built 5-room house;
hard finifh'-d. bath, toilet, high, hard fin-
ished basement; nice l~t; email barn;
close to cars; fZOO caeh, balance $14 per
month. W. C. MORAN. Lorin station, or
C. C. EMSLIE. Ashby station.
Alex. Murdock & Co.. Lorln station. Berkeley—
I ICeal estate brokers, owners, builders, etc.
STUTTER IXG AND STA3IMERING.
MELBOURNE System Schoul, -Van Ness • and
Market: po*itive cure for al* Don't delay. 1
rilOPOSALS. -• V
OFFICE of -C; <J. M-. -. Vancouver - Barracks.
¦Wash.. July IO. liitft. — Sealed - proposals In
triplicate; will be -received here until 11.
o'clock a.-riv, August 10, 1003. for furnishing
forage and bedding at poets in UiU d,*r.Rr:-
ment for year jending June 30. . 1004. 0 Inform-
ation furnished here or -by quarterma^ers
at posts. .,U. Sw.. reserves the rlghjt to: reject
cr accept 'any- or. all proposals or any part
thereof. Envelopes ' proposals
should be marked: "Proposals for Forage and
Beddlns; at — "'and^ddrepsed to undersigned.
•...-, F^ H. HATHAWAY. C. Q. M. ¦
OFTICE of the Custodian, San Francisco
Quarantine "Statlon.-Anper Island, California,
July 13, 100.1.— Sealed proposals will be re-
celvod at this 'office until 3 o'clock p." m. on
the 30th day of July. 1903, and then opened.
for the miscellaneous repairs at i'ne U. S.
Quarantine Station, \ngel Island, can Fran-
cisco Harbor. California. In accordance with
drawing and specification, copies ot which
may be had at this office. HUGH S. CUM-
MING, Passed Assistant Surgeon, Custodian.
P. O. address. Angel Island Quarantine Sta-
tlon. San Francisco, Cal.
PROPOSALS for Iron Pipe.— No. 36 New
Montgomery st., San "Francisco, California.
July 13, 1903.— Sealed proposals. In triplicate,
'will be received here until 11 o'clock a. m.,
August 12. 11)03, for furnishing about 1)00
tons cast-Iron pipe and 12,000 feet galvanized
Iron pipe., with flttingB, delivered at ships'
tackle In San Francisco. The United States
reserves the right to accept or reject any or
all proposals or any part thereof. Informa-
tion and blank proposals furnished on appli-
cation. Envelopes will ' be Indorsed "Pro-
posclo for Iron Pipe," and addressed Major
C. A. Devol. Quartermaster. U. E. Army,'
Depot Quartermaster.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Phoenix Savings.
Building and Loan Association. No. 638 Cali-
fornia st., San Francisco, Cal., has declared
- semi-annual dividends to June 30, 1003, pay-
able July 20. 1903. at the following rates, to
' wit: On installment certificates, 9 per cent
per annum; time deposits, 6 per ceut per an-
num; savings accounts (withdrawable at any
time), 4% per cent per annum. A. A. Wat-
kins, president; C. K. Bishop, vice president;
K. Prentiss Smith, treasurer; C. Grange,
managing director. •
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Nevada National
Bank of San Francisco — At a regular meet-
Ing of the board of directors of this bank,
held July 7. 1903, a dividend was declared for
the half year ending June 30. 1903. at th*
rate of 7 per cent per annum, payable on
and after the ISth lnst. Transfer books will
be closed from the 10th to the ISth lnst.,
both days Inclusive. San Francisco, July 7,
1003. GEORGE GRANT. Secretary. .
MABRIAGE LICENSES..
. The following marriage licenses were lcsued
yesterday: ..
Howard M. Engle, 28, 333 Eddy street, and I
Hedwlg B. Buss, 2tf, 333 Eddy street.
Harry Abrams, 22, 730 Broadway, and Flor-
ence Mllsner, 21. 110V4 Silver street.
Andrew Millar, 24, 11SS Stanyan street, and
Bessie Stanfors, 23, Sol Scottt street.
Frederick G. Menklng, 35, Stockton, and 8a-
dee Ray, 21, Stockton.
Michel Rojdgers, 40, city, and Nellie Cunning-
ham. 30, city.
Charles M. Rhyner, 50, 3100 Folsom street,
and Pauline Wyss, 35, 3636 Twentieth' street.
Glullo Tamel, 25, 039 Broadway, and Esterina
Barbonchlelle. 19, 63» Broadwaj-.
Leopold J. W. Burchard, 21, 162 Moss street, j
and Augusta C. Siem, 18, 429 O'Farrell street.
Joseph P. O'Ryan, 2S, 100 Golden Gate ave-
nue, and Mary J. Coffey, 25, city.
A. William Tornstrom, 49, Los Angeles, and
Alma Fried. 24 city.
Frank C/Xowell, 52. 1605 Market street, and
Margarette Gardiner. 39, 1605 Market street.
• George H. Rudontck, 19, 25 syreka street,
and Lizzie D. Bartley, 19, lf>3 States street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— CEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons "authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BE BERNARDI— In Alameda. July P. lJKO, to
the wife of D. F. De Bernardl, a eon.
SUTTON— In this city. July 10, 1903, to the
wife of Frederick R. Sutton. a daughter.
_ tj IED — _—
Adler, Elkan Hodgklns, Mary M.
Ambjornson. Lars G. Ivers. Nellie
Bell. Clara S. Johnston. Capt. Louta
Brennan, All. ' Llsson, Joseph W.
Bruml. Lena Littler, Kate
Clark. Rose C. McAllister. Ida F.
Daley, John H. MeConologue. Mary
1 Delahanty, Thos. I. McMahon, Christina
Ooleovjch, gplro Nunes, John S. .
Griffin, Jessie E. ' Plconeo,- Bartolomeo
Gropper, Karl E. Qulnlan, Peter B.
Guerln, Fltz W. Schnutenhaus, Ed-
Harman, Ida L. mund
Henderson, Egbert F. Stringer. Ida M. -
Hetzel, Edward C. - York. Ethel J.
ADLER— In this city, July 12, 1903, at his resi-
dence, 15ti2 Union street, Elkan Adler, be-
loved husband of Bertha Adler, and father
of Charles Adler of New York. Jake Adler,
Mrs. J.- It. Hardy, Mrs. Frank Hutchlngs and
• Rose Relda. a native of Bavaria, Germany,
aged 77 years 1 month and 10 days.
E7 Funeral and Interment private In Eter-
nal Home Cemetery Wednesday.
AMBJORNSON— In Sausallto, July 12. 1003.
Lars Guttaf Ambjornson. dearly beloved huB-
band of Johanna M. Ambjornson, and father
of Mrs. Henry Prosser. Henry and Clarence
Ambjornson and Mrs. Charles H. Peters, aged
70 j'ears 7 months and 2tt days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of Sausallto Lodge No. 20, A. O. U.
\\\, are respectfully Invited to attend the
funeral on Tuesday at 2:15 p. ra., from the
chapel of the Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Inter-
ment private.
BELL — In Alameda. July 13, 1903; Clara So-
phia, beloved wife of Alexander G. Bell, and
mother of Rowena E.. Alexander H., ' Doro-
thy A. and William A. Bell, a native of
California, aged 42 years 1 month and 6 days.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday, July 15, at 2 o'clock, at the
residence, 153(i Mozart . street. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery-
BRENNAN— In this city, July 2, 1003. All.
Brennan, a native of San, Francisco, aged 34
years. A member of Boilermakers' and Iron
Shipbuilders' Union. Local No. 25.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
McFadden. McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter,
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BRUML— In Lockeford. July 12. 1IW3, Lena,
beloved wife of the late Moses Bruml, be-
loved mother of Amelia S. Dairy. Julius L..
Henry J. and the lato Albert N. Bruml. and
sister of Mark Levineky and Hanchen Cohn,
a native of Exln, Prussia, aged 72 years 10
months and 17 days.
Zy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the par-
lorR of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. In-
terment Home of Peace Cemetery by 11130
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
CLARK— In Oakland, July 12, 1003, Rose
C. Clark, beloved daughter of the late Ed-
ward and Emily Clark, and beloved niece of
Mrs. Mary Crosson, a native of San Fran-
cisco.
ICFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the- funeral to-day (Tuesday), at 8:30
o'clock, from the residence of her aunt. 1200
West street, thence to the Church of Im-
maculate Conception, where a requiem high
• mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 0 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery.
DALEY— In this city, July 13. lftO3, John
Henry, beloved son of Patrick and Catherine
• Daley, and loving brother of Dennis. James.
Frank and Mary Daley. Mrs. M. Manning
and Mrs. Margaret Schubert, a native of San
Francisco, aged 37 years. (San 'Jose papers
please copy.) . y .
ICy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
•(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
' residence, 40 Rlnggold street, near Ninth,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a
i solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of hit* soul, commencing at !)
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DELAHANTY— In this . city, July 13, 1903.
Thomas Ignatius, dearly beloved < and
. youngest son of Thomas and Julia Delahanty
and brother of Nellie, Martin. . Francis and
John Delahanty, a native of San Francisco,
. aged 1 year 1 month and 25 days.' .
GOICOVICH— In this city. July 11, 1003, Spiro
. Goicovich, beloved cousin of Mitchell, Nicho-
las, Drago and George J. Goicovich, a na-
tive of Mokrine. Boche di Cattaro. Austria.
' aged '20 years. „ .
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
July 14, 1U03. at 1 o'clock, from the mortu-
ary -chapel- of J. S. Godeau, 306 Montgomery
avenue, thence to Russian Church for ser-
vices. Interment Servian Cemetery.;:
GfclFFIN— In this city, July 11, 1903, Jessie
E.. beloved, wife of Samuel M. .Griffin, and
mother of Raymond Earl Griffin, a native of
•Maine, aged 31 years.
E^Friends and acquaintances " are, respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral services
(Tuesdaj 1 ), July 14. 1903, at 1 o'clock.- at her
late residence. ; 1255 Sixteenth avenue. Pre-
| NEAREST THE CITY T
¦IjHlssw «y7MPwawsssBsyBSjssss«»ag^s»Bn»»»ypT»i^i»fr»« i
). OFFICE: 916 MARKET ST, j
F. J. Monahah, President. /
IkOINAHAN & CO.,
' (Inc.) '••¦¦<
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2330-2341 Mission st. ' Telephone Mission 3L
rnvsiciws and srncEoss.
Ll'. «¦-. <-*• O'lX/XNElX — O.'fice cr.4 residence.
IfflK Market »t.. bet. £lxth ar.J Seventh.
atrMOVElj—Dii. \\ONG~IUM. toerD doctor;
trrats !>.: citnitt cf the ruir.ar. body; for
jsrt rour :e»r» «t 112-117 M.-i«oc: now Io-
at <U>7 (irary »t.. near lyoavenwarth.
a_'i.\ lO.N'ii PO Clli'. successor to t>r Li ft
Tat. herb doctor; cure* all d!be?ses ol humau
by «»•* of fc,.rbs and rei*. 7»7 Washington s:.
EIOOO. fkir. ar.d recta! diseases a specialty.
: " iiAlX. HT.'H^ Market tiL
• V. -NG KOO. the fsmou* herb doctor— AU dis-
• ¦¦>>>>¦ < ur~ j tv r^-Anr-f h- r^.r 74C.fi O«v *»
' ' ' -L* * E - W L - A - x "- fT 0 ,"
$2V— NO. 5.;4 Bush st.. bctv.cen Pupor.t and
fc'l ¦¦t..n. targe ftore snd rooms. Arr'V to
l''_. M - <:;T '*' ; & <^ . sn M.-iHtgnrefry ft.
PEtrSOXAi.S.
OTAJCTED — "VJ m*-n with t=calj» diFf-asi*s: l«*s
< ¦: bail- ae4 hs'.cr.f-s prevented; «can treat by
mall, hiank for Etainji); consultation free; j
* -:u \j <-. Sundays 10 to 12. Professor;
GECP.CS A. QABLOW. K[>e(.ifili*t. room 2lt», j
;i. ; Martet tt. |
A— FAC3AL ULKMISHJ^S KEMOVED.
¦»V"rir.k:«. yellow ani flabby j.klt>.n.rthrr.ark«.
t.l.nKrcx ji!t;1ngs an<2 s.-sr* scientifically r»-
tr.oi*<5 ¦rttbOBI cutting. mtM**tt* fclfM Irltj t
uzz&clsm; t;»'»tal demooctratloos this week.
<;*!! cr write DI'.. I. WU.MA VS.: *7l Geary.
tlGtWUXSiti, cjuum nnd jaua^uaia baMtS cur»vl
at home by u palalec* bot&c treatment: la-
oorted and u.=«<i by UaOiiig physicians; corre-
tponderce s^ietlj eonXidcBtlal; in l'.ain. sealed
toveicpe; <a.;i or »r;t* to-day. India L>ru«-
Cur*. Turk et. ; Droce D. Kirr.mls. M«r.
V-liE tier Hair Remedy restore* gray hair, lm-
' prcACf its grjtvtlj; irtoj-s lallir.g.cures tiandruQ I
j4n<J Iterant tralj-; 110 stain or sttcklSCSS,
< it.ri.lr; at JriJKsisis'. hairfirt-tsers 1 ; ac- 1
cf ; ; no sut»utut«. trti*rl : temedyCo..3Ss5 Geary. •
JVC-T l.ov cheap, but hew good. Is the motto of !
l^..' nicr.ufieturi.Ts of the Hap:d Hotarjr
Pta taard, iV:e tewing-rnachme cf to-day. J.
\V KVAN.-". agent. 1CC1 Market st.
PHTPICf AS. 15 yt-ars' experience, cures j>er-
irant-ntly morrhine. cccalne habit. Call or
' address Centnii Pharmacy. 2T-1 Grant ave..
<orr.*r Gutter st.; tee modfrat*.
AT :¦»-* than cost, uncalled ror suits, overcoats
' *•.: Hooters, at CHARLES LYONS'. Lcndoa
Taiior. 721 Market et.
'DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Faturday and j
Bsaftay *>vrr.:r.;s at Tfuton'.a Hall, Howara
'*t., r.ear N;r.ih; management Prof Foster.
ELEfiAXT fuUs on easy installments: 60 cents
erd up prr week. LEON* LHMCS. 1127 Mar-
. krt £t.. between Seventh and Eighth.
£ £'1TS :o crdcr on Installments. SI D*r week.
Neuhau; & C«v. mTch. toilers. 727-723 Market.
ALL rtvles hitirdreyrir.r, 25c; hatr goods; manl-
cunr.p 2r.c. G LEDERER. 12.'. Stockton st.
TAILOR-MADE euit $7 50; dress pants ?2 50.
Mlfftt Ciot!-::np Parlor, cor. Hush and Dupont.
SUPERFLUOUS ta:r and melee rerr.r.vcd by j
• electric r.^efAf. Pr.tyr? Travpr»«.n7"Ma-»-'
MA£QCERAT>£ eneuiuies, plai booK* »¦<•--. ;
t coun-ry rrrt^rs. OOLnPTICIN & CO.. 733 Mkt. j
ALKREDUMS Errrt'-aa Henna restores grs.y
hair to its r.aturcl c^'.rr; $1; at atl drucglsrs.
fuperfiu^us hair & moles removed w!th elec-
tric needle. Mrs. & Mi's Eaton. Ilia Sutter.
VARICOSE veins and catarrh cured at home.
r«n or writ* fcr TfftiTnor.idls. DR- WILL-
IAMP on 1*o Coarv gt. S F.
pal5Jist:»y.
MADAM PEVA?. aetesUfle pal:r.i5t and astrol-
oplst; $1 palta r^adirjrs a specialty; rooklej
jrratis; ;{ q stations answered free. 139 P^t
m.. office No. 2<i.
1MRAMAT"R. the i-r.:y EaFt In4ia psychic
en* palmist. 2 1 *.' K«-srr:y pt.. city: fl up.
PAPERHA>C1\G. I'AINTIXG. ETC.
ROOMS papered. $3 50 up: t'.cting. painting.
Ilsrtmar.n l'aint Ox. ."13 -M ct.: t-1. Malr. 413
imktm:hs wanted.
$360 — LADY partner wanted: one-third Inter-
«*t. C&ll 2 1 v Kearr.y st San Franclsfo.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum hereby
Sives' notice that the following orphan and
hslf-orpbaa tirls acd b->ys have been ad-
j? tn'XteC to the tsylum. from Janu-
* *ry 1, 1C03, to July 1. 1303:
Viclet Dutro. * yrs.: Augusta Dutro, 6 yrs.:
Frank Fasslna. :2 yrs.; Louise Fecclna. 10
:ts. ; Josephine Feceil-a. S yrs.; DavlJ Fee- j
<. - ir.a. « yrs.; Joseph Clancy. 5 yrs.; Rosa i
Alcmeia 0 yr«. : Gasper Cattell. h yrs.; Wil- I
liam Casttll. 6 yrs. ; Martin Castell. 4 yrs.; i
. Carrie Cano. 6 yre.; Nettie Car.o, C yrs. ;;
Hij.hael Car.o. 4 yr<.; Gertie Robinscn. 1 yr. j
0 rr.ot.; May Ccnely. ' >t«- : I™ ConeJy. 6j
>Tf. ; Otis Conely. •* yr?. : Benjamin de Ro5e. i
v yr F .; lla::a d* R^se, 12 yrs ; Marraret [
I < "c»-i i: lit yrs.: i:rr.:na Cowep. 6 yr?.; Maria!
Cowcp, 5 yrs.: 'Willie "Cowep, 3 yrs. 6 mos.: I
Samuel iJeloglch, 4 vrs. 2 mos.-. Pauline |
kVoUe, k yr>. ; Vichatl Mastro«=anti. ti yrs.:
Mary Belovlcb. lu yrs.; Antonet Belovlch, Si
>Tf.; Charily del G;ensi, 7- yrs. ; Louise del ]
GreEdi. *> yrs.: Marion Cbaprr-an. 6 yrs: 6 ¦
mos.; Edrrcnd Chapman, 3 yrs. 0 mos. ; May J
Chapman. 1 year C rr.os.; Iteroond ifchwell. 4 J
yn. ; Ella Crequf-. C yrs. ; Agues V. Johnson, I
7 >r*.; fam Walsh, 'j yrs.; William Mc-
KfTiffy, h yrs.: Itsil.el McKcns*y. » -yrs. ;
Chariot Sorrns-cn. t> yrs.: B»rnardlne Flynn.
5 yrs. 6 mos.: Catherine Murphy. 3 yrs. 6
mot. ; Sarth Murphy. 2 > f». ; Joseph Mahoney,
t yrs.: Mary Johnston. 7 jts. ; Nellie John-
eion. Z yrc. : Jamf-s Johnston. 2 yrs. : Clara
Johnson, 19 yrs. 7 mot,: Ethel Wagner. «
jrt.: Maiia Kir.p. 7 yrs.; Rose King, 5 yrs.;
' Winrred King, :; yrs. ti mos.; Henry King.
• 1 year r. mos.; Sam Schmidt. 3 yrs. ; Mary
HcJCldteOs. 7 yrs.: Ajtipf McNickells. 7 yrs. ;
Em:!y McXickel's. 5 yrs. ; John Wagner. 12
vrs.; liana. Watjr.er. 10 yrs. : Chester War--'
ner. 5 yrs.: CUra Futterer. 9 yrs.: L-wis
Cfceerello. <J yrs.; Eva Narvls. 7 yrs.; John
HmderjKm. a yr*.: Margaret Baansn, 8 yn. ;
Jchn Green. 0 yr*. ; Henry Past^ne. 4 yrs. : I
«>!la Brar.d. 3 yr?. ; Maria Walsh, 1 year 6 j
mos.; Elizabeth Kelly. 2 yrs.: Willie Sum- |
mery. 2 yrs. 4 mns. ; Michael Lopue, 2 yrs. 2 j
mot.; Josephine Eaker. 1 year 4 mos. ; Elsie
Jenkins. 2 yrs. C rr.os.; Annie McDonnell, 9
' yrs. : Eaiile M*snn. 7 yrs. : Frank Logan. &
yr*. ; Agr.es Buckley. 12 j rs. ; Lottie Camp-
bell. <5 vte.: E!!a Morar. 8 yr«. : Margaret
Loftu«,'2 yrs.; Ids. Anderson, 4 yrs. 2 mos.;
Florence Buckley, & yrs. 2 nif>s. : Dora
Gleischner, 4 yrs.; Addie WVshPr. 5 yrs. ; Jo-
eeph Hwayne. 1 year 2 mos. : Rachael Myers.
2 ITU. ; Lilhe Kearney, 1 year t mos. ; Michael
Morgan, 2 >ts.; Violet P:ck«-tt, 10 yrs.; Frank
CTblie, 4 yrs. ; John Wicin, 4 yrs. ; Joseph
Miller. 5 yr«. ; Gracie Hc-pscn. 7 yrs.; Cams
Coliiss. « yrs.; Harriet Methan, 12 jts.: John
K8ne, 2 yr*.: Grade Mihigan, 11 yrs.: Joseph
Rlcrtan. 6 yrs.; Emma Campbeen, 7 yrs.:
T£« rcsa HI 11. S yrs.; Leonard Fisher. 8 yrs.;
Ar.r.a Itdler. S yr*.; Ll!Ii» Caslxll. 4 yrs. ;
Klcrenc*- Nelson, 2 jr«. ; Rcsie Fosett, 4 yrs. ;
Theresa Drvnaid, 5 yrs.: Ar.r.le Brag. 2 yrs.:
Fred Ccriley. 3 yrs.; Mary Bryant. 4 yr*..: Al-
•¦¦Tt Nlcholi*. 4 yrs. S» rros. : George Hoffman.
5 yrs.; Alice Nicfccdls. 7 yrs,; Antonia Louise,
2 vrs. ; Theresa Fisiier. & >ts.: Myrtle Fisher.
7 yn.; Mary Smld. 7 yr*.. ; Hilda Holvereon,
:¦'' yrt.; Either Holverson. ({ its.; Lizzie
-I'.epan, 7 jte.; Delta Ilegan. S yrs. ; Mary
It* can, fi yrs.; Phi'omr-r.a Morse, 2 jts.; John
Maschini. 7 yns. ; Hazel Itoche. 10 yrs.
NOTICE — The secretary ot the Ean Francisco
Protestant Orphan Asylum Society herewith
glvcc notice that the To! lowing orphan and
half-orphan r.r .- and boj~s have been admlt-
• ted to the asylum on Halght and Laguna
»ts.. from Jan. 1. 1903 to July 1. 1903:
Mabel G. Clark. H yrs. and 10 mos.; Dora
' M. Campbe.ll. it yr#.; Martha Brown. 9 yrs.
* 4 mos : Annie Brorrn. 7 yrs. 1 mo.; Christina
Cr.rituanaon. 15 yrs. ; Lulu A. Deahl. 3 yrs. ;
-Louise Mohr. 7 yns.; Alice E. V.'hightman. 11
yrs.; Ar.nie Ciitwl. 7 yn. ; Martha Goissel.
f, >T«.; Da!'.as R. Clark. 7 yrs. 3 mos.; Frank
O Clark 6 yrs. 2 mos.: Joseph A. Etenan. 3
yr* 3 rnx.; James Ketnan. 2 yrs.; Herman
Mchr 5 yrs. 6 moa. ; Albert William Whlght-
man 7 yrs.; Albert Caldwell. 2 yn. 1 mo.;
Harold W. Anderson. 3 >ts.; Frederick Goas-
Ml. » yrs., and Henry Koenicke. 8 >ts.
TIIL' Pacifx liebrew 'Orphan Asylum and Home
Society bersby give* notice that they have
ndrr.itted jn'o the on^hanage from January 1.
l»0S. to June 20. 1003. the following named
orphans »^<3 half orphans, boys and girls,
v;*: Lcuis. I>ovia. eped 7 years; Irene W.iil.
fe|:<?d l 4 yean- 3 months; 'Helen Well, aged H
years 2 rrjinxht: Charles Bernstein, aged 12
year*: Harry Borr.steln. aged 10 years <1
raortht; Kd.-.a Well, afed 6 years 6 months:
tiadie Markowltz aged 9 years S months;
Louis Robert ConstlM. aged 10 years 3
months; Vatsia* Ptone. aged 8 years <i
months: Ismdor Klein, aged H year*; Solomon
Klein, aced 5 j-e?.ri» 7 months: Ida Miller,
need 10 years S menth*; Rose Miller, aged 6
years: Lawrence Maurice Heck, aged 5 year*;
Roe Elvr. iwt 4 yars> 11 months.
LskS!**? ChlrhfFter'e English Pennyroyal Pills
«r«? best. Esff- reliable; take no other. Bend
4c utarr.ps f.r particular*. "Relief for La-
die*." in W-ttert>y return mall Aek your
drur-rlst. Chlchortcr Chemical Co.. Phlia-
. <1elph!a. Pa .
_% PECI ALI STS. '¦ ''£ ¦''¦
CATARRH. nEAFNESS~8nrNOI£ES In EARS
positively cured; new method- 1 week's treat-
tn«^»t tree. Ijt. Cottlngham. 204 Butter st. -
DR. CARRIK ED\VABDS~»T». ear. nose and
<hroiit. l!>wiv>il t^ <2»' n.idy »t.
JTORAW AM) WAKCHOl'SES.
j.-EMPORXl.M
f.cusehcld goud* ftored. moved, ealpped. 725-
<31 Howard tt.. near Third; phone Grant 1C1.
*TERCE-RODOLPI1 Etorage^t Moving Co oT-
f.re Pest and Powell «t>.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 371.
•VNKLIN'S storage — Furniture end merchan-
%_ 4.M. 533 Cclii'ii Gate ave.; phocft East 126.
<i<.(LDEN V.eft Storage; advanfts made; 8r»
Mig*ion et.; tel. Howard 'j«. F. W. ZehfUM.
P/.CiriC Etorage tna Furniture Mo\1cg Com-
psny. 2220 rilitcart tt.; phene Jackson 2S1.
BKKINS Van and fc-.orac* Co.. 11 Mootgoznery
M.J taL Mala ISitt Etlppicg at cut rates.
OCT. AN TRAVEL.
e Steamers l«av« 8an Tran-
clsco as follows:
For Ketcbikaa, Junean.
Skagway, etc.. Alaska — 11 a.
m.. July 10. 15. 20. 25. 30.
August 4. Change to com-
pany's steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend, Seattle, Ta-
coma, Everett. Whateom — 11
a. m.. July 10. 15. 20. 25. 30, August 4. Changs
at Seattle to this company's steamers for Alas-
ka and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle for Tacoma to N.
P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m., July 9. 15. 21, 27. August 2: Corona.
1:30 p. tn.. July 12, 18. 24. 30. August 5.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara — Santa
Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (Saa
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. July 8, 18. C4. August 1.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jos* del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Uex.). 10 a. m. 7th of each
month. • -
For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-*
Ing dates.
TICVCT O^TOF* 1 — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight Office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Franciscan
O*' R. & /V. CO.
"Columbia" sails July 12. 22. Aug. 1. 11. 21.
81. "G€org» W. Elder" sails July 17. 27. Au*.
6. IS. 26. Only steamship line to PORTLAND.
OR., and short rail line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all points, alt
rail or steamship and rail, at LOWEST
RATES. Steamer tickets include berth and
meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at U a.
m. S. F. BOOTH, Gen. Agt. Pass. Dent., t
Montgomery st.: C CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt. Frt.
Dept.. 2 Montgomery st.
AVEBXCAS LISB.
2T«w York — Southampton — Iiondoa.
St.Paul.July22. 10 amIPhlla. .Aug. 12. 10 am
N. York. Aug. 5. 10 amISt.Louis.Aug. 19. 10 ara
ATLANTIC TBAB87OBT IiISTE.
Haw York — London.
Mln'nka.July 25. 6 amlMlnnha.Aug.S. 5:30 an
Mln'lls.Aug.l. 11:30 "ami Mesaba. Aug. 15, 9 am
Only first-class passengers carried.
Doamnosr xjjste.
Boston — Oneenitown — Liverpool.
Commonwealth. July 301 Commonwealth. Aug. JT
New England... Aug. « New England.. Sept. S
Mayflower Aug. 13' Mayflower..... Sept. 10
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea pas33£«
Kensington July 25[«!©uthwark Aug. 9
Dominion ...Aug. ll Canada Aug. 23
Boston MXDXTXBBAXXAir Service-.
Aiortt, Gibraltar, Naples, Genoa.
Cambroraan Sat.. Aug. S. Sept. 19, Oct. 81
Vancouver Sat., Aug. 29. Oct. 10. Nov. 21
HOLLAND AMERICA J.XZTE. . ,
STew York — Rotterdam, via Boulogne*
Sailing Wednesday at 10 a. m.
Rotterdam July 29; Statendam Aug. 13
Potsdam... Aug. 5' Ryndam Aug. 19
RED STAB IsTSfE.
' Hew York — Antwerp— Paris.
Vad'rl'd.July 25, 10 amfZeeland.Aus;. 8. 10 ant
Kroenl'd.Aug. 1. 10 ami Finland. Aug. 15, 10 aa
WHITE STAR UCTE.
• ZTew York — Queenstowa — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Victorian. July 21. 9 am Oceanic. Jtaly 29.9:30ara
Majestic. .July 22. noon Cymric. July 31. 11 am
Celtic... July 24, 5 pm Armenian. Aug. 4, 6 am
C D.TAYLOR. Passenger Airent. Pacific Coast.
21 Post St.. San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO>
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hiogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India. «tc. No
cargo received on board on day cf sailing.
S S. NIPPON MARU.... Friday. July St. 1801
8* 8. AMERICA MARU
* Wednesday. August 2«. 1903
S S. HONGKONG MARU (Calling at Ma-
• nlla) ..< Saturday, September 19. 1808
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and- passage, apply at Com-
oany's office, 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
ftamburg- American.
For PLYMOUTH — CHERBOURG — HAMBURG
Twin- Screw Express tad Puicagtr Strrin.
F. Bismarck. . . . July 16 Moltke ,". . Au*. 9
Patricia July 18 Waldersee Aug. a
Bluecher July Ti PalaUa Aug. 15
Pretoria Aug. 1 Bluecher Aug. 20
HAMBUBO-AMEKICAW LIWI. 37 ffway. ». 1.
HERZOG ft CO.. 401 California St.. Gen. Agts.
VVVumvwvivv* DiKCf u*. w ttHnu
SS SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney Thursday, July 11 2 ;. o.
rS ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. July 25. 11 a. m.
ssl MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. An*. 15. 11 a. m.
¦|j.!?ttWElSiBUS.BUIj!i..rxbt:Sci.M31irW3l
¦ Fr#ttl^l2ilaftatSL.rierla.7.PacificSL
COM? ASMS 6X9ZSALS TBAMATLAHTIVJl
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. Lf^,
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of •«!££»•
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from PUr 42. •3«siffi3
North Rlv»r. toot of Morton street.-
Flrat-dass to Havre. J7O and upward. Sea-
'nrd-clas* to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED FTATE3 AND
rtVADA. 32 Broadway (Hudscn building).
vtw Tork. J. F. FUOAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast
Arents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets mild by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
****• Isilaa<l and VaOlaJo St»sn«r«. -
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MCNTICELCQ
9:43 a. m.. 8:13 and 8:30 p. m_. ex. Sunday.
Sunday, »:43 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves Vallejo.
It m.. 12:80 noon. 6 p.m., ex. Sunday. San-
day, 7 a. m.. 4:13 p. m. Fart. 80 ctata. Tsl-.
Main 1508, Pier ~, Mlsslon-st. doclL HATCH
{•OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
! OETTICE, 1118 3K0ADWAY.
! OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
I $100 DOWN— In " Piedmont; monthly ' pay-
1 ments; cotttge of 6 rooms, all In nice
condition; close to cars; street work all
: ' done. ' ' ' /
$3000 — Nearly new. modern colrni.il -cottage of
6 rooms, high basement, brick foundation,
porcelain bath, sanitary plumbing all In
; line condition; lot S0xl40 (note the size);
i meet work all done; - stone Sidewalks
! laid; open lawn; choice residence loca-
tion; near Grove st. ; fine barn, gravel
driveway, garden and a few fruit trees;
j must be Fold; owner away; cannot be
: duplicated at the price: must be «en to
be appreciated; terms of payment if de.
i sired. j
$3500— East lake cottage of 6 rooms, bath, high
basement; lot 34x135; good email barn;
all In fine condition; for rent at $25 per
month; No. 5C7 2oth St., near Grove.'
Fend for 8-page printed catalogue.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
CHICKEN ranch, very complete and cheap;
good 6-rm. farm house large barn. 16 chicken
houses. 3 Incubators (600 capacity), brooding-'
houses and brooders; good horse. and wagon;
f>00 chickens. 200 pigeons; plenty One water,
with power; abundance of small fruit, shrub-
bery, berries, shade trees, etc.; all fenced: C
chicken yards: 1^ acres sandy loam soil; this
- -Is a lovely site and home; see It at once; ad-
joining East Oakland; no fozs nor harsh
winds here; price, all told, $3500; one-half
cash, balance to suit buyer. Call or send for
j circular. 455 7th St., opp. Broadway station,
Oakland; carriage free.
' HENRY Z. JONES.
WANTED for cash customer, some Realty Syn-
dicate 6 per cent certificates at a discount.
ALSO
For sale. 8 lots near Idora Park, 201 feet
east of Telegraph ave., at $225; "cash.
W. E. BARNARD, ." " /
\ 476 Tenth et., Oakland.
O^KLAXD FUnXITJUnE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
j SCHBLLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A NEW apartment house: furnished and un-
. furnished rooms; new management: elevator;
hot and cold water. 1049 Market, opp. Jones.
AT Mayflower: cut rates now for summer. G03
3d st.; $5 up; also beautiful rooms $1 week.
ELEVENTH, 100 — Sunny furnished rooms com-
I plete for housekeeping. .
FILLMORE. 2219 — 4 "large furnished rooms;
bath; housekeeping; choice; $30.
GROVE. 361— 2 or 3 housekeeping rooms; every
convenience; bath, gas; private family.
HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments for
housekeeping; gas ranges; Just newly fur-
Dlihed. 1830 Polk St. '
KEARNY, 104 — 3 newly papered sunny unfur-
nished rooms; $20; references.
TEHAMA. 44 — 2 front housekeeping rooms.
VALENCIA. 187— Three large, sunny rooms,
furnished complete for housekeeping;' separate
entrance front and back, with bath and gas;
no small children; rent $22 50.
j VALENCIA. 1232—2 furnished housekeeping
j rooms; gas, bathtubs, yard; all eunny. .
| VAN NESS ave.. 706 — Three basement rooms
In rear complete for housekeeping. $18.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia et.
ROOMS TO LET— Kuril, and Infurn.
A^ " * ~~~- ' "
GRAND ARMY OF THE REPUBLIC.
ENCAMPMENT AUGUST, 1903.
The Committee on Hotels and Accommoda-
tions of the Grand Army of the Republic
has arranged
# Wlth the
CITY ROOM RENTING AGENCY,
1104 Market «t., cor. Turk and Market,
Rooms 3 and 4, Phone Jesule 4471. '
To act with the Committee In locating
visitors to the Encampment, In private,
residences, boarding and rooming houses.
Householders desiring to accommodate visit-
ors are requested to notify without delay, the
City Room Renting Agency of such accom-
modations as they have to offer. Nose but
thoroughly respectable houses will be listed,
and the same will be subject to Inspection by
a representative of the Agency, and in all
cases must be approved by the G. A. R.
Committee of Management before visitors *
will be assigned thereto.
A. A. — City Room Renting Agency,
1104 Market St.. cor. Turk and Market sts..
Rooms 3 and 4. Phone Jessie 4471.
FREE FREE
We locate you free of charge
In Rooms with or without board,
Housekeeping Rooms or Hotels.
A— HOTEL NETHERLAND— EUROPEAN
PLAN. 18 TURK BT.. 4 DOORS FROM
MARKET; 250 OUTSIDE ROOMS; STEAM
HEAT AND TELEPHONE IN EVERY
ROOM: RATES 76c A DAY UP; 6PECIAL
RATES BY THE MONTH.
A^ HOTEL GRAY8TONE.
C6 GEARY ST.. PHONE BUSH 88a
CENTRALLY LOCATED; ELEGANT SUITES
WITH BATH AND SINGLES. '.
AN elegant, sunny room for $3 a week; single
rooms $10 a month; bay-window suites $20
up; cars direct to ferry. Cliff House- and
Park. 967 Sutter, near Leavenworth".
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open ai: night. ;
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c 50c. $1, $l'5O night;
$1 60 to $10 week; house open aU night. »
ANTLERS. 415 Turk— 3, 4 and 5 room apart-
. ments for hkpg.; strictly mod.; eiec. elevator.
ARDELL. 15 Page — Large furnished house-
keeplng rms.. double beds. $1 25. $1 60. $2wk.
A LARGE furnished room for 1 or 2 gents;
bath; running water; references. 889 Post st.
BURNETT. 1426 Market— (old No. 1304)— Fur-
nlshed rooms, suites, single; also furnished.
CLIFFORD— 204 "Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
•furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
GEARY. 402 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms.
$2 50 to $4 50 per week; strictly quiet.
'GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rcoms 50s
" to $1 50 night; $2 to $6 week; readlng-rocm,
OR ANT ave.. 7— Nicely furnished sunny suite;
also single rooms. $2 to $7 week.
HOTEL ST. VINCENT, 641 8ixth— Beautifully
furnished; rooms slngl« or en suite; $1 per
week up.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
POLK, 1643 — 1 large, newly furnished, sunny
front room; running water; $10.
ROYAL House. 120 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night, .15c to $1 50; week.' $2
to $S; month, $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SUTTER. 1531 — 1 large front furnished room
with private bell and telephone.
TO let — A newly furnished front bay-window
room in new modern flat, with use of bath;
15 minutes from Third and Market sts.; north
side of Market; handy to 8 car lines; must
have references. Box 13. Call office.
TURK. 410. Regina— Beautiful sunny suites Sc
single; latest 'Impts; lowest rates In the city.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy st., near Market
— 400 single and family rooms; 35c to $1
night; $1 75 to $6 week; elevator; electrto
lights; reading-room; free bus and baggage.
VAN NESS ave., 519 — Renovated; handsome-
sunny furnished suites front rms; mod. conv.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
85c to $1 60 night; $2 to SS week; elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room: free bus: baggage.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
AMOY THE 901 DEVISADERO ST.
. Strictly first-clsss family hotel: sunny rooms.
suite or single; billiards; steam heat.
VAN NESS. 1714 — Select private boardlng-
nuuse; rooms single or en suite; deslrabl* lo-
cation; all conveniences of home.
OLD Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church,
with annex. 807 California et. — Attractive in-
terlor: exceptional table; free billiard-room.
THE JOHNSON, 605 O'Farrell- st.— Sonny
suites and slnglo rooms, with board; refs.
ROOMS WASTED.
TWO unfurnUhed rooms for housekeeping;
downstairs: in a quiet family; in Oakland,
Alamfda or Frultvale, Box 1808. Call office.
_ TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES. "
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— Wi"
¦ell better machines for less money than any
house In the city: rentals $3. The Typewriter
S Exchange, 530 California; telephone Main 268.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars. L. A M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont.
Comery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Xnepec. Co., 206 Sansome.
order of
sidio Reservation. Interment Cypress, Lawn
Cemetery uy carriage. •
GROPPER— In this city! July 13, 1003 Karl
Emll, dearly beloved son of John and Gussie
Cropper, a native of San Francisco, aged rf
years 4 months and 20 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day. July 15 at 10 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents. 130S Jackson street,
between Leavenworth and Hyde. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
GUERIN— In this city, July 11. 1903. Fltz W.,
beloved husband of Ella Guerln. and father
of John. Fltz. George, Henry and Robert
: Guerin, a native of Ireland, aeed 5i years
• 3 months and 24 days." ¦ ¦ .
CTRemain3 at the mortuary chapel of the
. Golden .Gate Undertaking Company. 2175
. .Mission street,, near Twejity- first. '
HARMAN— In this city. July 13. at St. Mary's
Hospital. Ida L., beloved daughter of Cath-
erine. and the late N..H. Harman, and sister
of William and Isaac Harman. Mrs. W. M.
:Cox, Mrs. W. W. Coaler and Mrs. H. Grota-
vent, a native of Fort Bragg. Mendocino
County, Cal.. aged-10 years 2 months and 27
days. - v .
HENDERSON — In this city. July 10. 1003.
Egbert French Henderson, a native, of Tuam.
County Galway. Ireland, aged 29 years..
HETZEL— In this city. July t», 1903, Edward
Charles/beloved husband of Isabelle^ Hetzel,
a native of Pennsylvania, aged 44 years and
15 daj'3.
CTThe luneral services will 'be held Tues-
day, July 14, at 2:15 o'clock, at the chapel
of Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric car
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at 1:30
o'clock. Remains at the parlors of Halsted
'& Co.. 946 Mission street. • -.
HODGKINS— In this city. July 12. 1003, Mary
M. Hodekin8 (nee Barry), dearly beloved sis-
ter of M. H., J.* J.'. and G. F. Barry, a na-
tive of West Maltland, Australia.
£7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late rosl-
¦ dence. 12K0 Union street, thence to St. Brid-
get's Church, . where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of- her soul,
commencing at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
IVERS— In this city, July U./1B03, Nellie, be-
loved wife of John W. Ivers. and mother of
William, Edwin, Lfflle and. Francis Ivers. a
native of Boston, Mass., aged 48 years and
1 month.
(t^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, -from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor &Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Brendan's Church for services
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
JOHNSTON— In this city, July 13. 1903. Cap-
tain Louis W. Johnston, beloved husband of
Anna L. Johnston, and father of George F..
Walter L.. Edwin C. -Charlotte M., Harry
V. and Ada M. Johnston, aged 73 years U
months and 9 days. > -• . .
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10- o'clock, from his. late
residence, 729 Shrader street. pri-
vate, Holy Cross Cemetery.
JLISSON— In this city, July 11. 1903, Joseph
William, beloved son of Mrs. Matilda and the
. late Joseph Llsson, and brother of Matilda
C. and Annie Llsson. a native of Callfornfa,
- aged 33 years 8 months and 5 days. , \
IcyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday) at 3 o'clock, at his mothers
residence, 1431 Myrtle street, between Eight-
eenth and Twentieth, Oakland, Cal. Inter*
ment private.
LITTLER— In this city, July 13. 1903, at SV,
Polk street. Kate, beloved wife of the late
Joseph Littler, and mother of William Me-
Avoy and Katie Littler, a native of San
Francisco.
MCALLISTER— In this city, July 13, 1903, Ida
F. . McAllister, dearly beloved daughter of
John and Eliza McAllister, beloved sister of
J. C, A. J.. H. E. and the late Sampson
Grant McAllister, and niece of Mrs. J. W.
Vaugh, a native of Sea View, Sonoma
County, Cal., aged 15 years 6 months and
23 days.
McCONOLOGUE— In this, city, July 11, 1903.
Mary E.. beloved wife of William E. Me-
Conologue, sister of Mrs. M. Hulten and Mrs.
J. Taylor, and niece of Miss Margaret Kelly,
a native of San Francisco, aged 32 years. -
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 829 Douglass street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mars will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
RAMONA Council No. 28, D. of P., I. O. R.
M.: Officers and members of Ramona Coun-
cil No. 28, D. of P., are respectfully invited
' to attend the funeral of our late sister, ftlary
MeConologue. from her residence, 829 Doug-
lass , street, Tuesday, at 8:30 o'clock. By
order of LIZZIE WEBB, Pocahontas.
LENA BAUER, Secretary.
- McMAHON— In this city, July 12. 1903, Chris-
tina McMahon. beloved wife of the late
: George McMahon, and beloved mother of Rob-
ert James, Alexander, Andrew, George Jr.,
William and Thomas C McMahon. Mrs. John
McPhale. Mrs. Robert Anderson and Mrs.
Thomas McMurry, a native of Ireland, aged
- 76 years.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
• to-day (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, at the
„• parlors of the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking
? Company, 1209 Mission street, between Eighth
and Ninth. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
' tery.
NUNES — In Sausallto, July 11, 1903, John S.,
. beloved husband of Rose Nunes, a native of
Portugal, aged 47 years.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock sharp, from his
late residence, Sausallto. thence to St.
-' Mary's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
Interment Sausallto Cemetery.
PICONSO — In this city. July 13, 1003, Bartolo-
meo, dearly beloved husband of Louisa Plcon-
so and loving father of Rose and Lawrence
Plconso, Mrs. Addlson Parry and the late
John Plconso, a native of Italy, aged 48 years.
QUINLAN— In New York City. July 7, 1903.
Peter B. Qulnlan. father of Mrs. M. G. Wat-
son Mrs. C. B. Delaney and W. S. Qulnlan.
ICTThe luneral will take place to-day
(Tuesda- 1 July 14, from his late residence,
716 Golden Gate avenue, at 9:30 o'clock,
thence to St. Ignatius Church for services at
10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery
by electric funeral car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets,
SCHNUTENHAUS— In Manila, P. I., May 31.
1003, Edmund SchnuUnhaus. only and be-
loved son of Edmund and Margaret Schnu-
tenhau*. a native of San Francisco, aged 27
years s> months and 2 days.
[CTFrlends an<l acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
July 14. at 10 o'clock, from N. S. G. W. Hall,
414 Mason street, where the funeral services
will be held, under the auspices of National
Parlor No. 118, Native Sons of the Golden
West. Interment private. Odd Fellows
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
MEMBERS of National Parlor No. 118. N. S.
G W. : You are requested to- attend th«
funeral of our late brother, Edmund Schnu-
terihaus, Tuesday, at 9:30 a. m.. Native Sons'
Hall. 414 Mason street. <
HENRY G. MULLER. President.
W. V. DOUGHTY, Rec. Sec.
STRINGER— In this city. July 13, 1003, Ida
M beloved wife of the late William J.
Stringer, and mother of W. A. Stringer and
Mrs. L. Eugene Lee, a native of Danzig, Ger-
many, aged 50 years and 10 months.
ETFrlends are Invited to attend the funeral
services Wednesday. July in, at I o'clock,
at her late residence. 2744 Stelner street. In-
terment private. Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
' Please omit flowers.
YORK— Passed Into a higher life, July 13.
inai Ethel J., eldest daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. A. S. York, and sister . of Zena and
Rosco York, a native of San Jose. Cal. (San
Jose papers please ccpy.)BROTHER OF THE MAYOR,
WHO IS 'INVOLVED IN THE
MERSHON SCANDAL.
.Aston Webb, president of' the Royal In
stitute of British Architects, Vwho recent
ly visited this country, told his associates
that Americans: are laying out their cities
with great monumental dignity.
Briefs and: transcripts- printed reasonably;
rapid and reliable, Mysell-Rolllns, 22 Clay. •„
PALO ALTO, July 13.— R. Keatln B e, a Palo
Alto business man, started acrosa the conti
nent tft-day • on his "way to England to pay a
vlMt to General R.,H. Keatlnge, his aeed
father. General Keatlnge.: a. retired general of
the British army. Is now eighty-three years of
age,. and Is enjoying a hearty life on his fam
ily estate about forty miles from London
, RED- BLUFF, July 13.— Word has bw>n re
ceived of a flre which occurred at the Gallatln
ranch, twelve miles - west of Red Bluff, last
night. ? It. destroyed a .barn and several out
buildings, together with about ICO tons of har
twelve- -head- of horses- and The ori
gin of the flre has not been determined.
This affidavit is. subscribed and sworn
to before H. L. Van Eman, a notary pub
lic in and for the county of Placer.
Frank Schmitz declines to discuss ser
rlatum - the - charges made against him
which are contained In the Mershon^af
ndavit.. He says that the entire docu
ment Is a tissue of lies, with only enough
truth toehold it together. He says It -is
false in its meaning and many of the
facts, particularly those which reflect
upon him are entirely without founda
tion. -At the proper' time* and- place he
said he would make a foil statement and
that- he would : welcome any • investigation
Into the charges against him contained
in Mershon's affidavit. , .
"'Why don't you tell your brother
exactly what you told me, that you gave
the questions to Blakeley, and tell him
tho whole truth?' Frank Schmitz replied:
•I can't do it. for if it leaks out that I did
this Job he will disown me and run me
out of the State. Frank Schmitz was
also telling Mr. Mershon that he (Schmitz)
would bring him (Mershon) some papers,
one of them being a chart,-but I went up
stairs and did not hear the balance of the
conversation." I ' x ¦ . •
The San Francisco Fire Department
Are now being supplied with Murine Eye
Remedy for use by th'o firemen after a
hot, smoky fire, as it so quickly relieves
Eye pain and restores red, sore, inflamed
and faded Eyes to normal condition.
Murine aids those wearing glasses and is
a harmless and painless home Eye rem
edy. At Druggists and Opticians. - •
stairs. I overheard their conversation, as
they were talking loud and excited. I
heard Mr. Mershon say:
The speakers of the evening included
John:S. Partridge, Charles Waterman.
M. Anthony, -William M. Scholer. William
'J.- Gutlfoyle,- Colonel E. J. Berl, Fred
Elliott ' and • Ed ward Short.
"All the speakers urged that factional
disputes should be laid aside and that
unity in tho ranks . would • result in a
sweeping Republican victory at the polls.
E. M. Hitter, president of the club, was
In the chair and the .-many, members ot
the . club \ listened to some stirring
speeches and enthusiasm ran high. The
committee on organization reported pro
: gress and outlined the steps for having
a careful canvass of the district carried
ion. It was' decided', to keep the head
quarters open ¦ each . evening and for the
club to bold a regular meeting each Mon
.jday evening Until the primary elections
take place." -
A rousing meeting: was held last even
ing by the members of the Thirty-fourth
Assembly District Club of the United
Republican League at Twin Peaks Hal).
2W9 Market street.
Unity of Party Is Slogan Sounded
by Speakers Who Address
Electors.
REPUBLICANS HOLD RALLY
IN THE THIBTY-FOUBTH
"In the- forenoon on May 2.- 1903. Mr.
Mershon : was ' again at my, said residence
when Frank Schmitz 1 called there.. I
opened the door for - Mr. Schmltat. '• I no
ticed that he was greatly ! excited, 'i He
joined . Mr. '• Mershon . In the . parlor. The
parlor door was open and 11 ! stood on 'the
HEARS CONVERSATION.
"I met Mr. Fuhrman at- about 5 p. m.
on said day on Halght street, near De
visadero, and I also met. then and there
J. McNamara. and about, fifteen minutes
later Mr. Fuhrman called -"alone"* at- my
said residence. 106 Devisadero street, and
had a conversation with Mr.'- Mershon.
."After McNamara's brother had left my
said j. residence I. telephoned, at the re
quest of Mr. Mershon. : to 1 Attorney Al
fred -Fuhrman and- asked _him whether
he .would "advise Mr. 'Mershon to go to
Tonopah, and asked him also .to call. Mr.
Fuhrman' replied over . the ¦ telephone that
Mr; Mershon should not go- under any
circumstances; that people were trying
to make him (Mershon) appear a fugitive
from Justice, and thaf he • (Fuhrman)
would call at once.
- "On May 1.. 1903.. the said James R. T.
Mershon called at my said residence at
about 1:30 p. m. and remained there dur
ing the entire afternoon.,- At about 3 p. m
on said day McNamara's- brother called!
I opened the door for him and took him
Into" the parlor where" Mr. Mershon was
sitting. -Said ..McNamara's brother then
and', there took from his pocket several
pieces of gold and 'handed-; them to Mr.
Mershon, saying at the same time: 'Here
is the money Jack got for you to go away
with. Jack says for you to be sure and
take the train to-nljrht.*.
¦GIVES MERSHON MONEY.
"Mary- Donnelly, being duly sworn de
poses and says: My name'js Mary Don
nelly and T resided during all the'tlmea
hereinafter mentioned, at- 106 . Devisadero
street. San Francisco, California. I have
known James R. T. Mershon for several
years last ' past. : I also : know by sieht
Frank- Schmitz and the brother of J Mc-
Namara. The said James R. T. Mershon
spent some parts of. several. days, to wit
May 1 and May 2, at my said' residence, 106
Devisadero street, so as to avoid report
crs. •* v ¦ . , .
In corroboration of this latter statement
Mrs. Mary Donnelly, who .occupies the
premises at 106 Devisadero street has
made the following affidavit: < ' "
"State of Carlifornia, County of Placer,
On Saturday, May 28, 1903, X was
arain at 106 Devioadero street, wher*
Frank Schmitz called on ma at about 11
a. m. I then accused tttm of giving a
copy of the question* and answers he
had furnished me to Blakeley, and
Prank Schmlta then and there admitted
he had done «o, but he aald that Dough
erty would g-o oh the stand and swear
that ha (Dougherty) did not *et the
papers from Blakeley; that Doug-h
erty had promised to do that. Wa wara
than slttlnr In the front room with the
door toward tha hall open, and tha land
lady was standinr In the hallway I
then said: "Why don't you tell tha
Mayor the whole truth?" Re replied: "I
cant do It. My God, If It leaks out that
I did this thlnar tha Mayor will run ma
out of the State and disown ma."
In the same affidavit Mershon swears
as follows:
MERSHON'S CHARGES.
If we can't hush this matter up my
( brother will make me send in my resigna
tion and drive me out of the State." Mrs
Mershon claim3 to have been present at
the interview and corroborates her hus
band's statement.
bers of the Grand Jury state that this In
vestigation will not be smothered for po
litical reasons and that if the results of
the inquiry warrant It criminal prosecu
tions will be instituted against those who
are found to be culpable In the affair.
Former President Mershon of the be
smirched commission, whose resignation
was forced by Mayor Schmitz when the
scandal first became public property, is
making every effort to Justify himself and
throw the onus of the transaction upon
the Mayor and his brother Frank- In his
affidavit Mershon charges that on April 27
Frank Schmitz came to his house and
during the course of a conversation last-
Ing an hour said to him:
- "Bad* luck \ followed, j We mortgaged our
home; and lost It. Then I commenced to
sell my, jewels. 1 ;.My ) $8000 diamond neck
lace," which my, mother gave me/Iipawn
ed for $1200. as. I had hoped to redeem It,
although Mr. Shreve had offered to buy
it for $5000. Little by little everything
went, . and - now we-lare worse than ; pen
niless. My husband ..was always good
ness itself to'me, 'and we all .love him
dearly. My oldest son Is 13. He has just
had, the misfortune to cut off the i end of
his flngerl My, youngest ; boy, ; Emanuel,
is 11, \ and . helps me as much as ! he; can.
• "My! husband is" a' member 'of the Uni
versal Order . of < Knight Commanders i of
the", Sun, and here are the orlglnarparch
ments granted him. , I think he was also
one of the charter members of ; the Bo
hemian Club.' If-is a'very'sad ending to
the . life of a man .with a brilliant I brain,'
with : accomplishments and ; with" so gen
erous and kind a heart for all his friends.
"We have been very unfortunate.. When
I came from Paris, • fourteen years ago, I
brought $60,000 ? with ¦ me and used it ¦ In
paying . property here: and then built . a
beautiful home in' Berkeley. . All * went
rwell until General Ezeta, persuaded. us. to
go Into his San Salvador scheme, -and. he
was :;so* persuasive «~ that we put in
$40,000— and we lost every^ cent ;'of It. ;
RUINED BY I SPECULATION.
Mrs. Wells, who Is -a highly educated
and refined Parisian,' Is broken hearted
over the thought of his position." She said
with tears streaming down her pale face:
"I do not care for .myself; I am' young
and can work* for. my, two boys, -but to
think that my v . husband's friends should
allow him to become a burden to, the city
is almost more than. I can bear.r When
we were in deep distress, -surrounded, by
poverty and sickness, ;i- wrote to several
of his former wealthy, old-time and inti
mate friends In the Bohemian •'. Club \ to
come to his relief with food and metilcal
attendance, but not one of. them replied.'
I did , not ask for • anything for myself,
only for him, - and that • appeal . they ¦ re
fused him. To-day he fainted f cur times
on the way to the. hospital, and- when I
left him he was almost, unconscious. Oh!
I do not want him to die" there. Don't you
think someof" his; old friends.. will do
something for him- and put him into a pri
vate sanitarium/ where his last hours can
be sj>ent? - - £ .-'---¦ . ' -..., .. ..;... j
Two months ago, to save the family
from actual starvation, Mrs. Wells took a
position as housekeeper at the Vienna
Lodging-house, 533 Broadway, where, with
their two young sons, she was just
enabled to make enough to keep the wolf
from the door. As she had to do the en
tire work of twenty rooms and also cook
ing for the. family, she had no time to
give her husband the constant nursing
that his case . required, but was by his
side whenever she could steal a, moment
from her work.
GOES TO^COUUTY HOSPITAL.
Yesterday afternoon when the ambu
lance came to take Wells away he said:
"I hope there won't be a crowd to see
me put Into the ambulance, as I ; don't
want the people to see me m this poverty
stricken condition." This -<vas too" much
for his wife to bear, and. she borrowed J2
from some kind neighbors, a hack was
procured and the -sufferer was, carried
down the rickety stairs and placed in; it
His wife and sons accompanied him, to the
hospital and made him as corrlfortabfe
there as possible and then bade him fare
well and returned to 1 their humble lodg
ings. . * .• ' ,- ¦ ,. "*""1
Broken in spirit, sick nigh unto death,
his arms paralyzed,'. his mind partially de
ranged from his sufferings, he was com
pelled to seek the only relief at hand and
become a ward of the city. His faithful
wife has struggled nobly -during his four
months' illness. He has. been during all
that time entirely, helpless, the result of
five apoplectic shocks.
FRANCIS ' MABJON WELLS,
sculptor, litterateur, club member
and well-known man abcut town,
was forced by dire illness and
strain of circumstances to apply
for admission to the City and County Hos
pital yesterday. He is now lying there in
a helpless and pitiable state. Not one
single friend came to him In his distress,
although when in affluent circumstances
his beautiful home and grounds at Berke
ley were filled with those who enjoyed the
royal hospitality that they were always
welcome to there. *
The total amount of money embezzled
by dishonest employes during 1902 in the
United States and Canada reached , the
enormous amount of $6,933,516.
Among other works are the bears over
the entrance to the First National Bank,
which have marked merit in conception
and' design.
He also. did some artistic modeling for
the Hibernia Bank, which adds much to
the beauty of that handsome structure.
The great owl which stands at the top
of the grand ' stairway of the Bohemian
Club is also of his handiwork. Other
work which has been highly commented
upon adorns St. Ignatius Church, the
quadrangle and the memorial chapel at
Stanford University.
He was born in Louisiana, his father be
ing General Francis Marion Wells, but he
was educated In the eastern part of Penn
sylvania."
SCULPTOR OF LIBERTY.
Marlon Wells, as he was called, has
been well known here for many years and
has been one of the most prominent
sculptors In the city. His statue of Lib
erty on the dome of the City Hall Is a
fine piece of work and a monument to his
abilities. The figure Is modeled from his
wife and the poise is extremely graceful.
The bas relief of John Lick, which was
executed at the request of the Lick trus
tees, and now hangs In the Pioneer Hall,
is a splendid likeness of the great phil
anthropist. The John Marshall monu
ment In Sonora County, erected to com
memorate the first discovery of gold In
California, also exhibits great talents.
That body purposes sifting the scandal
thoroughly with a view to placing the re
sponsibility for this grave breach of offi
cial trust where it belongs. The mem-
he specifically charges Mayor Eugene
E. Schmltz and his brother, Frank
Schmitz, with complicity in the disclosure
of questions intended to be used In the
examination of candidates for the Fire
Department, the Grand Jury has decided
to undertake a thorough examination of
the matter.
IN view of the disclosures made re
garding the scandal In the Civil Serv
ice Commission in an affidavit made
by James R. T. Mershon. In which
STANFORD. UNIVERSITY. July 13.— A cu
rious legal procedure took place on the Univer
sity campus to-day. All roads by which an
approach can be made to the university wer«
closed and guarded the whole day. simply aa
a matter of form. For every vehicle that
came along- the road was opened and the ears.
rUge allowed to go through. This ceremony
has to be performed every five years la order
not to >oae the franchise.
P\LO ALTO, July 13. — Plans for the Pal»
Alto Carnegie Library have been submitted by
a dozen architects, and the contest narrowed
down by the trustees to three sets: These ar»
now In the East, where Mrs. Mary Roberts
Smith, professor of sociology at Stanford
University. Is discussing them with, the best
authorities, and having them perfected.' .
Should the funeral take place here it
would be strictly private and would be
attended by only the immediate relatives
of the deceased.
Mr. and Mrs. Rickard lost.no time in
making up their mind and at once de
cided to go East.
As to whether the family will bring the
remains for Interment to this city will
all depend upon consultations which Mrs.
Rickard will have with her late father's
friends In Montreal. It is her Intention
to do whatever she may learn would have
been the wish of the doctor. If she finds
that It was her father's desire to ' be
burled In San Francisco the body will be
brought here without delay. Mrs. Rick
ard said that she could , not. say .very
much about the burial, the news being so
sudden. . .
The first intimation of the death of her
faher Mrs. Rickard said she learned in
the columns of yesterday's Call. Later,
she said, she received a telegram con
firming the news from her daughter,
who was with her grandfather,
Dr. McDonald, at the time of his
death. The telegram read: "Grandpa
dead. What shall I do?"
MAY BRING BODY HEBE.
"I feel proud of my father. My main
Idea is to vindicate him, because he was
a very good man. I am perfectly willing
to take upon my shoulders all the blame
for the failure of the banks. I claim
whatever I did was right and I would do
it again, no matter what the consequences
might be.
"I am the only surviving son. My
brother Frank died In London. My father
was a good man and has a record to be
proud of. I arranged with him that he
should have identification papers on him
in order that he might be taken cara of
in the event of his sudden death. There
was always a sum of money on hand to
pay his funeral expenses. He always
stayed at the Bath Hotel, Montreal. He
was very popular in Montreal. He had
many friends there. He was greatly in
terested in church work and was a mem
ber of the leading church there."
Richard McDonald Jr. is now engaged In
the practice of law in this city. He feels
greatly depressed over the death of his
parent. He denies that he was ever
estranged from him and said concerning
him:
The deceased was 83 years of age at the
time of his taking off. He was born In
Macksvllle, Ky.. on June 21, 1820. He
came to California in 1S49 and was a mem
ber of the Pioneer Society. H.e studied
medicine In St. Louis in 1843. He worked
his way Arough college and practiced
his profession with great success. Upon
his arrival In California he opened a drug
store in Sacramento and accumulated
quite a fortune out of patent medicines.
He was a leading Knight Templar and
was the oldest member of the order <n
the State. The money he accumulated by
the. sale of his patent medicines he put
into the Pacific Bank and for many years
was president of the institution. He was
a candidate for Governor on the Prohibi
tion ticket In 1SS3 and received • 5000 votes.
He leaves surviving him besides his son
and daughter his brothers, Captain J. M.
McDonald, Marian Jasper McDonald, the
Park Commissioner, and Colonel Mark
L. McDonald of Santa Rosa.
But for. the publication in The Call of
the news of the death of Dr. R. H. Mc-
Donald, formerly president of the Pa
cific Bank of this city, his own children
and surviving brothers would not have
known yet of his demise. The exoluslve
publication of a dispatch from Montreal,
where the self-exiled capitalist spent the
last years 6f his life, telling of his taking
off, was read with a great deal of Inter
est by those who knew him.
As soon as the late Dr. McDonald's sur
viving daughter, Mrs. Mattle Rickard,
learned of her father's death she Imme
diately made preparations to leave for the
East and to take charge of the body. She
closed up her residence at Ross, Marin
County, and took the overland train for
New York last night. She was accom
panied by her husband. Richard H. Mc-
Donald Jr., the only son, is ready to leave
for .the East if he can do so in time to
attend his parent's funeral.
The son was greatly shocked over the
news. He telegraphed his sister yester
day morning to learn more about the
death of his father, but she was unable
to tell him more than that which ap
peared in yesterday's Call.
DENIES ESTRANGEMENT.
Body May Be Brought Here for In
terment, and Funeral in That
Case Will Be Pri
vate. '
Daughter Dspart3 to Take
Charge of the Exile's
Remains.
The novel plan of both sides agreeing
that they wt>uld presume that Patrick
Calhoun. who is now In New York, was
present In spirit at the proceedings and
had grlven his testimony was among the
incidents yesterday. Livernash and Moore
agreed to the fiction that Calhoun had
pone on the witness stand and answered
various questions regarding the opera
tion of the road and his relations with
Brown Bros, of New York. Moore sug
pested that if Calhoun was present in
person instead of in fiction he undoubt
edly would not answer any questions of
the character presented, but as he was
absent there was no trouble on this score,
and the incident was soon closed.
When the arbitration board meets one
cf the first points it will have to decide
will be the questions whether it is just
for the company to be compelled to show
its books and give testimony about its
earnings. If the arbitrators decide that
puch Questions must be answered Secre
tary Willcutr. President Holland and Pat
rick Calhoun will be called by Livernash
and asked to explain about the purchase
of the roads, the value thereof and other
financial questions pertaining to the cor
poration.
Livernash will call one witness this
mnrnlng and then close his case for- the
carmen. The I 'nited 'Railroads will open
in the afternoon session. It Is generally
known that the United Railroads In hand
ling its case will call but few witnesses
and wijl rely solely en figures and sta
tistics it has been gathering in Eastern
cities for months.
The filing cf these statements was vig
orously protested by Attorney Moore, on
behalf of the street car corporation.
The statements, however, were filed and
they will be among the documents the
three members of the board of arbitra
tion will be asked to examine.
E. J. Uvernash. on behalf of the Car
men'« Union, spent most of the time yes
terday in the arbitration proceedings in
filing affidavits and statements in support
of the fact that the cost of living has
materially increased in this city during
the last few months.
In the afternoon Livernash filed state
ments written by Rabbi J. NIeto, Hugh
Craig. William Greer Harrison. Judge J.
M. Seawell. Franklin K. Lane and E. A.
Walcott. These well known citizens, at
the request of Livernash, wrote their im
pression on the third demand of the
carmen, namely t that the wages of the
men is insufficient to properly maintain
them.
Frequent meetings of the executive
committee will be required from, thl»
time until August 17 in order to keep
pace with accumulating business. Georga
Stone, chairman of the general commit
tee, advised the veterans on this topic at
the meeting last night.
Provision will be made at the Pavilion
for 5000 guests other than veterans of
the Grand Army. The fare will consist of
beans, hardtack, coffee, pipes and to
bacco. ./
Last night at a meeting of the executive
committee, Thirty-seventh National En
campment. Grand Army of the Republic,
the sum of ?5370 was set aside to pay the
expenses of three leading functions at
Mechanics' Pavilion durlngr encampment
week. These functions will be a camp-,
fire, reception and concert. Charles E.
Wilson, acting chairman of the enter
tainment committee, submitted an elabo
rate report containing an itemized state
ment of the cost of each feature. Owing
to the' absence in Europe ot Colonel
Charles H. Bllnn. chairman of the com
mittee, this work devolved upon Mr.
Wilson. The executive committee, by
unanimous vote, adopted the report an-1
appropriated the amount estimated as
necessary to carry out the plan of enter
tainment at the Pavilion. Colonel Bllnn
returned from Europe last Saturday and
will resume active operations on behalf
of the encampment.
The great campflre will. take place Fri
day night. August 21. It will call to the*
mind of many veterans the campflre In
honor of General Grant, which was held .
at the Pavilion shortly after his arrival
in this city on his tour around the world-
Elaborate Report Presented
by the Committee on
Entertainment.
United Railroads Will Begin
Calling Witnesee3 This
Afternoon.
R. EL McDonald Jr. De
fends Name of His
Late parent. _
Livernash Winds Up
His Case With Series
of Statements.
Money Allowed to Carry
Out Plans at the
Pavilion.
DECLARES
FATHER WAS
HONEST NAN
CARMEN'S SIDE
IS PRESENTED
BIG CAMPFIRE
IS COMMENDED
FRANCIS MARION WELLS FORCED
TO ENTER 'THE COUNTY HOSPITAL
Weil-Known Sculptor, Artist, Litterateur and
Former Glub Man, Afflicted by Illness,
Compelled to Ask Municipality for Help
THE SAN FK ANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 14, 1903.
Landlady of Devisadero-Street Dwelling Makes
Affidavit 'Corroborating Mershon Regard
ing Frank* Schmitz's Visit to. Her House
GRAND JURY DECIDES TO PROBE
INTO CIVIL SERVICE SCANDAL
WELL-KNOWN AND TALENTED
SCULPTOR REMOVED TO CITY
AND COUNTY HOSPITAL.
14
. ADVEBTISE2ffENTS.
pR.:CHARLl5S. FLESH FOOD
.For the Form and Complexion.
/5£§aRx&>*. fully used b > - lea <i-
AS&F*' T^» lnK actr "«». sing.
£P>iX J&K ers Bn^ women of
•Kttfiga ({&fi fashion for mora
P^** W*} than -J5 years.
V%9 ~S r Wb«r*ver applied
vS" 'TT/.-' , • H Is instantlr »b-
m ,— z 1 ' ¦ torted throush tha
Jr " 5 pores of the skin.
' '¦ '"Jr '.'¦ C *'*¦'• * nd lts ' wonderful
¦•X'.'.' nutrition feeds th«
f . /V ; vastlnt: tltsues.
kfjX* ; Removing Pimples
"aW»Svw^V s 5? wnK * rwnark-
' able Improvement
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD la posU1v«1t
the only preparation known to medical »cleii. Z.
that will round out hollows Jn the neck «nt
produce firm, healthy flesh on thin cheet» ir m,
and hands. '¦ •• * ¦••"¦
EOB DEVELOPING THE BU^T
(0 breasts shrunken from nurslnc It bas tha
highest Indorsement of physicians. Two box*.
Is often • sufficient to make the bust firm!
large and beautiful. -
• SOLD BYVTHE EMPORIUM AND OTHER
DEPARTMEJ*Y STORES AND
Regular price. «1.0o a box. but to all who
take advantage of this SPECIAL OFFER and
send us one dollar we will send two (2) bozea
In. plain wrapper. '
FD K F <— A "tnple box and our book.
if .,,\ RT; OF MASSAGE." fully U.
lustrated. will be sent free to < any lady send-
ing 10 cents to pay for cost of malllr.r. Addresa
ES. CHARLES CO.. 19 Ptxk FImc, Rtw Terk.
ADVESTISE3IENT3. I
MRS. HANS BJERRE
1522 MadUon Ave., New York City,
Writes of the Virtues of
Cotlcnnu
"To-day I am thankful to say my
boys are hearty and strong as any chil-
dren in the city, bnt I had my fair shart
of care and work when they wer*
babies. An infant's skin is so delicate
- and fine that the least thing will hurt It.
For chafing, for all eruptions and out-
breaks on tho skin, for roughness and
chapping, I always used Cnticnra.
•• If my boys all passed thro^h baby-
hood without any serious or'alarmlnj
skin trouble. I attribute that circum-
stance to the prompt and free use of
Cnticnra when the first sign of disease
appeared. I should add that we always
used Cnticnra Soap In bathing the chil-
dren. It ¦eems to get all the impuri-
ties ont of the skin, and If there is a
single ingredient in it that can possibly
do harm, I have never found a trace of
it. 8ome times I read in papers of
babies who bare been allowed to suffer
a long time with a terrible disease be-
fore their mother* started to use Cutl-
cura. I think such cases as strange as
they are sad for by this time everybody
onght to know about Cuticura and
nobody ought to wait for weeks and
even months to pass before resorting to
this remedy.
"I wish every mother la the world »
could learn what a splendid thing Cuti-
cura is. Then we should have vastly
fewer sick, disfigured babies and vastly
fewer parents tortured with anxiety. 1 *
Sold t&nracaeat th. wmM. Cvtltan Rmolwat ma,
(Inform at Chocolate Coated Fill*. IM. »« »t»t at *>\
uinunsnt. Me., Smb. Me. V* pott : LooJoa. ft Cbartof
houi. 3q.» P»nt, i Rat c. U frix • BMn, Iff Colon*
kva Ar«. Fstttt Drue * Chant. Corp.. SoU Flops.
mm- 8tad tmt " Mow to Ow lain Dlnssia."
EVERY WOMAN
; _, T - gr ~. is interested and should know
wsgg^^Sy about thc "ronderfnt
iSfSWrn EdflRVFI whirling
«^\WV\ ¦WIllfcL SPRAY
wIt\&,VVvVsJm4 Jnjtetun and Suction.
\\\«3S«^eP^M Best— Safest— Most Con-
%^y^O^-.gj^i>w venient. ItCleaa«e«
N^^^^^ 1^®^^ laatantly.
Ask yo«r <r 8J ilit far It. \, /ffl^T-^C^^
MARVEL iccrpt no \. *^»K««47V-»
sthtr. Nit «rnd rtamp fcr Uln*. V<< #^«??^V/
tntpdhook— «O»I*<I. It gives fan Vjr " M ""/£
particulars »n<1 >1ir« M'ni invaluable C&. / lm
loladle- ».%BVKI. CO- <0J '"it. ¦: im m
Room 203. Tlm«« Bdjt.. N*w York. *>W£tl£r
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lisjs Mailed
en Application.
7BESZ AJTD SAiT MEAT3.
JAS. BOYES & CO l^PP 10 *- Butcneri. 1(H
JflJ. UVlLiJ U Vv. gay, fal. UaJa l»t
WnCE, BA2TX YUBSITOTUB, STC.
GEO.H. FULLER DESK CO. SZJM.' .
«1» Front st.. .B..r. Phono Mala 1113. *
FBiarcaro.
ROSENTHAL'S
CLEARING
j^2^ • ¦ ; *^d^l55isswTsBl2i5Ss(py ?^^""*'""""""*"""'*t
Jii£&^Br¥wB Thc Bar £ ajns arc
.,^msS0?!jg i Nothing short of
ITS THE RESOLUTE SUMMER CLEAN-UP— THE FINISHING
TOUCH TO OUR MOST PROSPEROUS SEASON
If you were here yesterday you would know what a Real Shoe Sale
looks like. Almost with the opening of our doors the crowds began^o
gather, and all day long — every business minute of the day— our big sfore
— on thc main floor and in the basement department— was thronged
with busy and enthusiastic buyers. How the shoes did go! — the' store
fairly hummed with the pleasing hurly-burly of rapid selling. The like
was never known before. ¦
IT WAS ANOTHER PROOF OF THE PEOPLE'S
CONFIDENCE IN ROSENTHAL'S
The values will be as big and numerous to-day as yesterday. As fast as" the lots
melt away others equally good take their places.
HERE ARE SIX OF THE BARGAIN LOTS
There are hundreds of others ail equally amazing.
Men's and Women's Best $3.50 Shoes and Oxfords ¦ m/% r> r
Fifty of this season's xnoct elegant (styles In all leathers— air elzes % / Vk
and all widths. REDUCED FOR THIS SALE TO sMiA flail
Men 1 * Department— Main Floor, . .1pm9\J%J
Women'e Department — Main Floor.
Women's Best $3.00 Oxfords ti»T AA
Kid or patent leather— hlch Louie IBth h»-]«— 1000 pairs - In the T* / III!
lets— a!l sires. REDUCED FOR THIS SALE TO tDwtVV
Women's Department — Main Floor.
Men's Best $6.00 and $7.00 Tan Shoes frr *p
The famous Ha nan make — this season's moat popular styles— 750 V »% V*%
pairs In the lot. . . •H«l-/ J «l
.REDUCED FOR *HIS SALE TO ....: %{ftf%m%J
Men's Department — Main Floor.
Women's High or Low Shoes \ dw / a
A biit ir.iBcellaneoue lot of ends of lines that eold at $8, $5, $4, $3 I nil
anfl J2— mostly narrow width*. . .fl I I III
REDUCED FOR THIS SALE TO ;... \|/1»W ¦
B«eement Department. - / .
BOYS' AND YOUTHS' LACE SHOES
Solid as a Rock
These shoes are enduringly rood for wear. They * are built from
leather that will last almost like Iron, and the solea are- thickly* stud- '
ded with steel horeshoes. Reduced for this sale to the following prices:
ut«* ol»oO tuu'hx 5 1 •To.;'
Basement Department. ., ¦ . .• > .',
CHILDREN'S PATENT LEATHER KID OR
BOX CALF LACE SHOES
Reduced for This Sale to the following prices: . ....
Siin5U8 . 81us8!4t*10'{ SistslltiS : x .' <¦
61.00 S1.25 $1.50
Basement Department.
COME, EVERYBODY— Never before since dollars were
first invented did they have such a purchasing power. " -
Mail Orders for Sale Shoes will be filled as long as the
lots last. ,-..: '¦¦&**&-¦ .
Satisfaction guaranteed or Money Back.
107. 109. III. 113 KEARNY ST.. SAN FRANCISCO