Keene and his friends, when they first
prepared to bring Harriman Into court,
raised the cry that a plan to wreck the
leased companies was part of Harri
rnan's scheme to acquire a firmer hold
on the overland roads and they claimed
that if they were given a chance they
would prove their charge in the courts.
Since the sudden termination of that
litigation the charge has been frequent
ly revived and Is, again being discussed
by brokers and others of the Western
financial world. It was a subject that
was talked, of on Change early yester
day, hours "the mortgage was
Long before the beginning of th©
Keene-Harriman suit It was ' openly
discussed in Eastern railroad circles,
and frequently on the quiet In local
quarters, that Harriman, under the di
rection of the moneyed men behind
him, was planning some means for
burdening the older .-roads financially.
with the apparent object of finally.tak
ing them out of the control of all but
the Southern Pacific Company of Ken
tucky, which holds a lease upon tho
various lines in the West. .
TTATrRnffA-Kr AT WOKS.
, The mortgage seta forth that bonds
to the amount of J22.315.000 have been
authenticated by the Central Trust
Company under the collateral mort
gage, and the Southern Pacific Com
pany is desirous of issuing additional
bonds to the amount of J5.775.000, and
for the purpose of procuring the au
thentication thereof conveys as secu
rity to the trust company the entire
rolling stock of the Southern Pacific
Railroad and the Central Pacific Rail
road companies. This stock is valued
The mortgage is signed for the South
ern Pacific Company of Kentucky by
E. H. Harriman, president, and Alex
ander Hamilton, secretary, and for the
Central Trust Company by Francis
Hyde, second vice president, and
George Bertlne, secretary. The prop
erty given in trust as security Is enu
merated as follows: Ninety-one loco
motives, thirteen chair cars, seven din
ing cars, twenty-three passenger
coaches, 753 box cars, 224 furniture cars.
200 stock cars, 850 fiat cars." 612 oil tank
cars, seven acid cars and 163 gondola
cars.
Yesterday afternoon John E. Foulds,
assistant chief counsel of the Southern
Pacific Company, filed in the Record
er's office a mortgage for . the sum of
J5.775.000 supplemental to a collateral
mortgage of J22.315.000 of December 1,
1900. The indenture is made between
the railroad company and the Central
Trust Company of New York and se
cures an issue of bonds by the Southern
Pacific Company designated in the doc
ument as "two-five years 4% per cent"
gold bonds, to an amount not to ex
ceed J30.000.000.
PILING ON INDEBTEDNESS.
There was filed yesterday for record
a document that has led many local
financiers, and especially those inter
ested in the welfare of the Southern
Pacific Company, to strongly suspect
that the Harriman syndicate is quietly
planning an absorption of the South
ern Pacific Railroad companies, the
Central Pacific Railroad and their
many small tributaries into the Ken
tucky corporation of which he is the
directing power. That the railroad
magnate i3 in a position to carry out
such a scheme no one acquainted with
the conditions that make him an Im
portant factor in Wall street will deny,
and that he has long cherished such
an undertaking is well known in the
higher circles of the railroad world.
To place those roads in a state of
bankruptcy and eventually deliver
them to the Southern Pacific Company
of Kentucky would be a trick that
would necessitate the employment of
the same brains that are now employed
in the management of the combined
systems, and to fully realize an ambi
tion of this magnitude would only be in
keeping with the desperate struggle
now in progress among the big manip
ulators of the East to gain a firmer
grasp on the gigantic railroad holdings
of this country.
Mortgage of Millions May
Wreck Transportation
Companies.
Financial Maneuvers
Arousing Much
Interest.
Harriman Is Sus
pected of Gigan
tic Plot.
In Trying to Avoid a Collision With an Anchored Scow Big Passen*
ger Boat Runs Ashore, hut No Fatalities Attend the Disaster.
PILING DEBT
ON PACIFIC
RAILROADS
FERRYBOAT SAUSALITO GOES ON BEACH
AT ANGEL ISLAND DURING A DENSE FOG
to necessitate the Vessel's croinsr at half
speed, and two lookouts were placed on
the forward end. - ' ¦
According to the captain's statement
the vessel was in her regular course
until off Point Knox. when the look
out reported a scow lying at anchor
beam \ on before the vessel. The cap
tain was at the wheel at the time, and
as soon as the scow was reported he
ported his helm and swunsr the Sausa
lito around in order to escape striking:
the scow. The vessel either answered
her helm "too readily or the captain
failed to resume his original course in
time, for - the ferry-boat crashed upon
the beach and immediately swung; over
against the rocks.
There were but sixty passengers
aboard the boat at the time of the acci
dent,-about forty-five men and fifteen
women. .>The whole affair was so Un
expected that before the passensrers had
time to stampede ..the boat's nose was
high and dry on the beachl
The accident occurred at 0:10 and by
a number of distress whistles the.steam
er Cazadero was summoned, which pro
ceeeded-"as quickly as possible to the
scene of the trouble, and lowered a
boat; preparatory to transferring the
passengers- from the Sausalito. Owihe
to ":. the size ¦ of the Cazadero's boat but
six -or: seven Vpassengers were allowed
to ; be taken off at one trip. At ii:qo
b'clock'.thef e still remained about thirty
passengers aboard.
"The' special. launch of The Call ar-
Continued on Pago 7 t Celiuaa 9%
Continued on Page 3, Column 6.
a little while the ferryboat Cazadero
was'lying'some distance from the Sau-.
salito; ready to give assistance.-
PASSENGERS TRANSFERRED.
The, passengers of »; the Sausalito
were transferred from; the .wrecked
vessel to' the Cazadero in the small
boats and TheCall's tug. Perfect or
der prevailed.'. It was after midnight
when the Cazadero started for Sausa
lito with the belated passengers of the
-wrecked sister boat.. When the pas
sengers-landed at their' destination
they stated that they did not know
that the Sausalito was off her course
until she struck the beach of Angel
Island/ They credited Captain Lucky
and his men with remaining calm uh
der the ; circumstances, and the assur
ances .of the ship's 'officers that there
was no danger served to prevent the
slightest sign' of panic \ among * the
passengers. \
Johnson, the regular captain
of the Sausalito, was not on duty yes
terday. He went over on a trio of the
vessel from San • Francisco to Sausalito
and remarked that the fos: was thicker
than he had ever seen it in his twenty
three years' experience.
, The. crew pf the Sausalito at. the time
of the wreck was a'sJollows: Captain, J.
'C.;; Lucky; first officer.' Charles H. Jan
sen;'second-officer, John; Nelson; chief
engineer, Dennis . Gorman, and a crew
of sixteen. Thejmaster of the Cazadero
is; Captain - Matheas.
'¦.''¦-The Sausalito's quota of passengers
abo'ard : at * the*- time she '"struck I was .as
r: The transfer,' of the passengers was
accomplished 'without \ accident.' At
half-past ; I o'clock this! morning tHe
Cazadero^arrived at her > slip at Sausa
lito .with 1 the "1 wrecked -}p|assehgers Cdf
the" Sausalito. The. news of. the wreck
had ¦' alarmed v the ;¦¦„¦ pretty \ t settlement
across ; the ; bay and ; there was* a large
cro'wdj of; people awaiting the arrival
of •.the Gazadero. '^^^Ba^ra
¥ ".When}' the"^ Sausalito left ; Her : slio in
SaJo'^Franciscoithe^ four was ;so rdchsc: as
AFFECTING SCENES.
went iip towntohotels.
Others determined to cross the dark
waters "of ; the N bay, however, and at
midnight there':. were ; about' sixty peo
ple, patiently waiting for. : a . ferryboat
to. arrived- \.' '.'-»,; v>v; : ,
•. Captain Stofen of the Government
tug McDowell left this. side last night
at 1 1:30 'o'clock on -a regular trip to
Alcatraz and Angel ¦ Island.
On his; arrival back on ..the bay
front, Captain f Stofen stated that ,the
fog was very' dense. He saw the lights
of. the Sausalito\and the Gazadero and
went close up., to .^hem to offer assist
ance, but 'he was 'informed that no
help- was needed/| •
i. When the . news of i the wreck was
received iri" this" city. a. staff of report
ers and artists ! were dispatched toUhe
wreclc in a launch. \On .arriving at the
spot where the Sausalito was -fast-on
thobeach) an - offer was , made- to' Cap
tain 'Lucky to trahsfef/sonie of .' his
passengers i to' the ' Cazaderb, .'• which
layabout a half-mile from' the wreck.
The wreck (of the last :nieht
once", again ', draws 'attention ; to ,the • peril
of .travel ;6n ,the , bay ."> during . ioezy
weather.- \ ': .-. ¦ •• "* ;^ ¦• ,: .; :. ¦•.»:....; |
The Sausalito • is the ferry-boat _-. that
was in cblli sion "with the ferry-boat; Sari
Rafael" two years "aKO.'wHen the' latter
vessel ; went ¦ to \ the ;, bottom* of ; thej bay;
where" she- still. rernaihs.'V.: . , >,<"i / ; •
.That there' wasino-Rreat" loss of life^at
that rtime^andfthe}l3ck;bf/ fatalities \z%\
night Iwere. the' woHc;ofj,t»rovidenceV ,," ;
A-; number of • passengers .waited v in
the ; ferry ? house \6i\ the >North < Shore
Company^fbr^manyv; hours * last ; night,
expecting that- they' would : bV taken? to
their' homes' acrossjtHe • bay,^ The news
oftheaccidentdaunted'some'm'en'and
women • f fbnr.takina: hhc *• trio ": arid it they 1
PEBILT LIES; Ut " THE FOGk
Dr. Anderson, Mill Valley : Mr. San-^
ders, San Rafael: Dr.'.T; O: Hyde. Mill
Valley; Paul I Parker. Mill; Valley; S.'.H:
Smith, Mill Vallley;.Fred^,Carlson, Sau
salito; Harry. Marron.^San < : Rafael;, TV
Wi Dolan,- Sausalito; >T.. Clauson.; San
•Rafael; Joseph .Grey,*; Sausalito; -Dr. J.
B. Cluff, Mill Valley";' J.- Samuels. Mill
Valley; Ralph Sheldon. 'Mill Valley; D:
R. McCann, San Rafael : : S. F., Barker-
Mill Valley; S." Clifford." Mili Valley: E:
Edlander, Mill .Valley : Frank Vard. San
Rafael; C t ! Cohen.; Sausalito fT-'R. Lef-j
bruder, San Rafael; S. Jones. Sausalito;
A.{ B. Fields. G. Jones/ Sausalito;? P. 1 T'
Whilf. Joe-Samocci,..Varo Veucci. J.'
O'Brien, A. B:"Donhey." Miss^Farrell;
San- Rafael ;' John Starkey. 'Sausalito : J'.
B- Salberg, Sari Rafael, and Miss" Har
ris;. \ . .¦.*.,.•...,'..'
In the dense fog that prevailed; over
the bay last night the ferry-boat Sausa
lito of the North Shore Company ran
on the beach at Point Knox oh ..the
western shore of Angel Island. ,
No fatalities attended the disaster and
good fortune once again hovered -over
the passengers that risked their lives in
crossing the dark waters of the bay.
The Sausalito was in charce of Cap
tain J. C. Lucky, and his explanation
of the wreck, piven last nicht. was that
he was on his regular course, bound
from San Francisco to Sausalito. leav
ing this side at 8:48 p m.
While off the shore of An«l Island
the look-out of the Sausalito reported a
scow anchored ahead. Captain Lucky,
claims that he tried to swing the ferry
boat between the scow and the shore,
but that his. vessel answered her helm
very quickly and in an instant the Sau-
salito had run on to theisandv beach of
the island and then poked her- nose
against the rocky cliff. C
To the credit: of the passengers., there
was not a single si«n of panic when it
became known that the Sausalito "was
ashore. The ferry-boat slid on to the
beach with an easy, Rlidins: motion and
poked her bow hijrh and dry ' 'against
the rocks of 'the island.
The whistles of {he Sausalito, at
tracted the attention of the soldiers on
duty at Fort McDowell, and 'a num
ber of the men:; responded* -to ; the
alarm. Word : was telephoned r from
the military quarters , to the-:Prc : '
sidio and irom that pointto the offices
of the North" Shore Company. 'and* in.
FERRYBOAT THAT WENT ASHORE ON ANGEL ISLAND .LAST ? NIGHT MAND DIAGRAM SHOW^G WHERE SHE STRUCK.
Continued , en. Pagq 7, Column 2.
An investigation revealed the fact
that the schooners had no fixed price
for carrying these passengers, but
_*iuld agree to carry them at all kinds
< f figures. The greater part of the new,
but rapidly developing business was
mainly acquired by commission through
local "scalping" agencies, who, for the
purpose of catching the unwary trav
eler, had the fronts of their offices em
blazoned with b'.g s!grs announcing cut
rates to coast points. The Pacific Coast
company finally figured that.lt was los
ing between 5250,000 and 5300,000 a year
by th;s dangerous competition and
Fteps were at once taken to force the
schooner owners out of the passenger
business. " JU ".' -
Two weeks ago J. C. Ford, vice presi
dent and general manager of the Pa
cific Coast company, accompanied by
\V. E. Pearce. manager of tbe Pacific
Coast Steamship Company, and C. D.
Dunann, general passenger agent of
the same company, made a hurried trip
to Southern California. Two days
later, as was announced in The Call's
dispatches, they had formulated plans
for a bitter fight against the lumber
schooner owners.
They made public their intention of
inaugurating a service of lumber
schooners between the nprthern and ;
southern ports and of establishing lum
ber yards . in San Diego, Los Angeles,
Ganta Barbara, Pasadena and San
Pedro, with the latter place as the gen
eral distributing point and then cut the
Prevailing prices of lumber to a point
that would keenly affect the milling
companies which have been operating
their own schooners and dabbling in
Angeles, where with ft number of prom
inent^ lumbermen of this city and the
soutfr the existing condition of affairs
was secretly discussed and plans sug
gested for preventing the Pacific Coast
Company from carrying out its threat
to enter into the lumber trade on the
coast and cut rates at all the ports
within the local territory.
The trouble dates back several
months, when the Pacific Coast Com
pany, which controls the Pacific Coast
Pteamship Company, discovered that a
large number of the lumber companies
operating schooners between coast
ports ostensibly for the carrying of the
product from their respective mills had
lately enterec- into the passenger traf
fic business and were getting a large
share of the second-class business be
tween the Sound ports and San Pedro.
HABVEST FOB SCALPEBS.
zero.
SECEETLT IN SOUTH.
It ts a critical condition of affairs,
which, however, the Harriman repre
sentatives, led by General Freight
Agent Luce, hor-e to adjust in a few
days. It was in the furtherance of this
end that Luv!<? went last week to Los
entire coast and naturally seriously af
fect the traffic of the Southern Pacific,
as well as the Santa Fe road. Hence
the sudden interest taken in the affair
riy HerrfrMn and the support offered
him by the heads of the Santa Fe road.
If the agents of the Southern Pacific
Company fail in their present efforts
to bring the ©intending forces together
under a favorable agreement regarding
the handling passenger traffic the
big railroad company threatens ;o en
ter the fight and c establish rates that
will put the lumber schooners out of
business and make *he Pacific Coast
Company's prcfts dwindle down to
Jrtertst in the threatened war be
tween the Pacific Coast Company and
the lumber corporationsQ operating
schooners between coast ports has been
developing to a great extent. A fight
between the two interests it is feared
will demoralize the fcmb© trade of th©
The Southern Pacific Company has
unexpectedly thrown itself into the im
pending fight between the Pacific Coast
Company and the lumber schooner
owners on the coast, and given the bel
ligerents warning that they must settle
their differences at once under penalty
of incurring the enmity of the Harri
man syndicate. Supplementary to this
peremptory demand President Harri
rnan has offered his services as medi
ator in the troubles of the opposing in
terests, and through his traiTic agents
in this city and Los Angeles and with
the moral support of the officials of the
S^-nta. Fe road he has already set about
u>:.vh!ish!ng peace.
Schooners Take Passengers,
Which Results in Big
Squabble.
Fight Against Lumber
Carriers Menaces
Industry.
Railroad 0 threat
ens Pacific Coast
Company.
HARRIMAN
MAY WAR ON
STEAMSHIPS
* . j*^%^ rran
•lniaa^h.t.-ScTemlJer S5: y
J3p 3rra£ci!xo &al Tici*It7—
Cloh*? - witt tog;
lirrit acxfirrly vrlftC. /
.71-^ O "^ °* 32 *
'331strlct'rcreeast«r.
THE TKSATSSS. B .
Alcazar — "4. Poor JUUXitm.'V >
California*— "At the Old Crow
Roads. 1 *
Central— "Midnitrbt la Chisa
tewn."
Columbia — Virginia Sarned In
-iris."
risefcer's — "Bu"be« and Roses."
Grand — "Ben Hur."
urpkeum — Taudavllle.
. Tie Cnntes — Vaudeville.
Tirol! — Grand Cnera.
PRICE FIVE CENT3.
SAN FK AN CISCO, WEDNESDAY; NOVEMBER 25, 1903^
VpLUME XC1V— NO. 17S.
r JHHE ferry-boat Sausa-
JL HtOj which left the ferry
slip pn this side last evening
at 8 45 o'clock, was wreck
ed on. the beach at Point
Knox on the ivcstern side of
Angel Island. The night
was very foggy, but Captain
C. J. Lucky was steering his
regular course. When off
Point: Knox the captain
- sighted an anchored scow,
and in trying to get around
her the Sausalito ran on to
the rocks. The sixty and
mo*re passengers remained
calm, s and perfect order pre
vailed. The passengers were
\ transferred to the ferry
boat Cazadero and taken to
their destination at mid-
The San Francisco CallEUREKA, Nov. 24.— Ernest Sevier,
a prominent attorney here, died at his
home in this city last hlghtl".
Attorney Ernest Sevier Dead.
Resents Dismissal of Fellow Em
ployes by Throwing Bomb, Which.
Kills Six People.
VIENNA, Nov. 24.— Instigated by a
desire to obtain revenge for the dismis
sal of 500 fellow employes, a man em
ployed in railway work to-day threw a
bomb into a group of men. among
whom was the contractor who had dis
charged the men. Six were killed and
sixteen injured.
VIENNESE BAILRO AD MAN
TAKES TERRIBLE REVENGE
Nixon was asked about his ' previous
acquaintance with Schwab and the con
nection of the Carnegie and Bethlehem
companies with the "United States Ship
building Company, with a view, Unter
myer said, to bringine out .Schwab's
knowledge of shipbuilding affairs be
fore his connection with the company.
"Witness said that an agreement was
made by which the shipbuilding com
pany was to obtain steel for foreign
ships from the Carnegie company at
a price enabling it to compete with
foreign builders. He was asked about
the bids submitted by the United States
Shipbuilding Company this year on two
battleships for the American navy, and
testified that he was not allowed to
submit the bids prepared by himself,
but other bids, drawn up under Pam's
direction and signed by Hanscomb' of
the Eastern Shipyards Company, were
submitted instead.
PIERPONT MOBGAN'S PBOFITS.
The agreement of July 2, 1903, be
tween Nixon, Dresser and Schwab, pro
viding that Schwab should loan to
Nixon and Dresser $7,246,871 to pur
chase, the Bethlehem stock from J. P.
Morgan & jCo., as syndicate managers,
in return for which Schwab was to re
ceive $15,000,000^ in ' stock and '$10,000,000
In bonds, was introduced in evidence,
Nixon : testifying that he had ¦ always
understood that Schwab, and not | Mor
gan & Co.; owned the Bethlehem stock.
Receipts from Schwab, per attorney,
stock at the reorganization. Of this
stock, it was brought out. Max Pam
obtained 51,000,000, Nixon and Dresser
.$1,000,000 each and the Trust Company
of the Republic $1,000,000. Nixon said
he did not know what disposition was
made of the other million.
"Did Mr. Schwab get it?" he was
asked.
"I do not know."
against the Ministerial inactivity.
One popular- Tokio newspaper has
been twice officially suspended for pub
lishing verses indirectly suggesting the
assassination of the Ministers. It is
feared that popular feeling may mani
fest itself on December 5, when the
Diet meets, unless some decided devel
opment in the negotiations occurs in
the meantime. The Ministers remain
reticent, professing confidence in their
ability to control the situation.
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 24.— Port
Arthur was opened to-day as a trad
ing port. Ship dues and commercial
NOTED MILITARY AND NA
VAL LEADERS OP THE
JAPANESE EMPIRE.
NEW YORK. Nov. 24. — The architec
tural iron works of Richey, Brown &
Donald. In Long Island City. were
burned to-niRht, involving a loss of
$300,000.
Untermjjer took up the matter "of the
additional compensation demanded by
the Trust /Company of the Republic for
its services, and witness testified to
the .Issuance of $5,000,000 additional
Untermyer servedj a request upon
Guthrie tq produce' certain letters in
Schwab's . possession', concerning the
plan. ...„ . , v;U ,*;. ! . .
Nixon then testif<fed to having writ
ten to Schwab a letter and obtained
from- him a ; letter /confirmatory of the
proposal in the letter of May 26 to
Hoadley. SchwaTo^s letter stated that
the proposal was/ contingent upon the
success of the, F&eldon reorganization
plan, and. Nixon* said that he then let
the matter dro}^
The witness mid, in reference to the
Sheldon plan," '/hat he felt "greatly ir
ritated" becavtee he, though president
of the . shipyards company, had not
been consulted, and reiterated his
statement made at the previous hear
ing' that his /only knowledge of the re
organization., plan had come from con
versations "with Pam.
WHAT BJECAME OF $l,00O,000 P
"As to my deriving #amy profit from
the transaction, that is fnonsense," said
toixon. "The transaction concerned
others and I prefer ythat they should
tell it." . ; , / : ,
YOKOHAMA, Nov. 24.— No reply has
been received from St. Petersburg oh
the subject, of the Japanese overtures
and there are many indications that
the delay in the negotiations is embar
rassing Japanese foreign trade and
raising impatience in Japanese circles
as shown by public meetings in Tokio,
Yokohama and Osaka, protesting
seph H. Hoadley, New York, N. Y. — Dear
Sir: Providing, the United States Ship
building Company reorganization is per
fected, I hereby guarantee to pay H.o your
order $40,000. amount of paymorA which
has been made to the Sheldon -syndicate
on a subscription of $100,000 made by
Lewis Nixon. I also agree to 'have said
subscription placed to my actctiunt and
guarantee to have a complete .'release is
sued to said Nixon by said Sheldon syn
dicate. CHARLES M. SCHWAB.
"After the date of these letters, did
or did not Mr. Hoadley get you to ac
cept this plan?" asked Untermyer.
Nixon explained that Hjbadley ad
vised him to consent to the/ Sheldon re
organization because Schwab had re
fused to accept the assessment plan
and that he (Nixon) bad thereupon
written a letter, recommending the
Sheldon plan.
Troops from European and Asiatic
Russia are now arriving in Lower Man
churia. It is reported that the Rus
sians have occupied Hatching and also
that there has been a serious encoun
ter near Hsinmlngtin with bandit
forces, which are very active at pres
ent.
Uchida, the Japanese Minister here,
has hitherto denied that he had any
knowledge of negotiations being car
ried on between his Government and
Russia.
tions is particularly favorable for peace
and the views of Sir Ernest Satow, the
British Minister, that the complications
In Manchuria are particularly fore
boding are alike taken as evidence that
the situation since the reoccupation of
Moukden. by the Russians has stead
ily become worse. #
PEKING, Nov. 24. — Assurances given
>y the Japanese Legation that -the
itatus of the Russo-Japanese negotia-
After devoting some time to a discus
sion of the real value of the constitu
ent plants and the reasonableness of
the prices paid for them, the hearing
was adjourned until Tuesday, Decem
ber 8.
and J. P. Morgan & Co., acknowledg
ing the delivery on August 12 of 75,000
and '25,000 shares of preferred stock
and the same amount of common, re
spectively, were introduced In evidence,
as was the Trust Company of the Re
public check for $750,000 in favor of
Harris, Gates & Co., to provide work
ing capital for the company, and a
copy of the memorandum of commit
ments, showing the arrangements far
the division of the shipbuilding secu
rities allotted as profits to the Trust
Company of the Republic, Promoter
John W. Young and others.
A resolution of the shipbuilding di
rectors, adopted in January,' 1903, stat
ing that legal steps should be taken
to recover shipbuilding securities to the
amount of $760,000 in bonds and $3,600,
000 of stock from the Trust Company
of the Republic for the rightful owner,
the Shipbuilding Company, was read,
but Nixon could not say that any legal
action had ever been undertaken in
connection therewith.
HONOLULU, Nov. 18.— The Italian
protected warship Elbe has arrived in
port from Acapulco, Mexico, whence
the vessel sailed October 30. The trim
looking vessel, much like an American
warship, is anchored in the stream. A
salute was fired as King Emmanuel's
ship came down the channel and a
crow.d collected on the wharves to
watch the vessel* maneuver. The Elbe
will remain in Honolulu a week and
will take on a supply of coal before
proceeding to Yokohama, where she
will join the Asiatic division of the
Italian navy. The Elbe is returning to
the scene of her former triumphs, for
the vessel took an important part in
the campaign of 1900 against the Box
ers and sent detachments of marines
and sailors to the relief of Peking.
For three months this year, up to
October, the Elbe lay at Callao. Taking
coal there last month she proceeded to
Acapulco under orders to report on the
Asiatic station. On the day that the
vessel reached Acapulco the United
States cruiser Boston entered, en route
to Panama.
Italian Warship Visits Island Port
on Way to Asiatic Station.
duties will be levied In accordance with
the Governor's orders.
ELBE AT HONOLULU.
SAN BERNARDINO. Nov. 24.— The
preliminary examination of William
BosvUl, charged with the attempt to
murder Charles R. Lloyd, the Berkeley
capitalist, in this »city on January 31,
1903, and Fred W. Lloyd and Horace
G. Little as co-conspirators with Box
all commenced here to-day before
Judge* Oster, sitting as committing
magistrate, behind closed doors.
Lloyd died while on a return voyage
to Japan last August, but* whether as
the result of wounds has not yet been
established. Margaret Boxall was on
the stand to-night and went Into the
details of the case in much the same
manner as reported in the will contest
at Oakland last -month, when Fred
Lloyd*sought to break his father's will,
but failed. The examination will con
tinue several days.
Alleged Attempt to Murder the Late
# Charles Lloyd to Be
Probed.
EXAMINATION BEGINS
% IN THE BOX ATX CASE
LOUISVILLE. Ky.. Nov. 24.— By an
agreement reached to-day between at
torneys representing the legatees the-4
estate of the late Captain W. F. Norton j
will be divided according to the laws of
California. Captain Norton before his
death became a citizen of California and
his will was drawn there. By his will
nearly the whole of the estate was left
to the Baptist Orphans' Home of this
city. The point was raised that th«
California law prohibited the distribu
tion of more than one-third of a testa
tor's estate among charitable Institu
tions. The attorney for the Baptist Or
phans' Home admitted at the confer
ence to-day that the California statute
governed. The orphans' home will ac
cordingly receive but $120,000. Instead of
$400,000, as the will devised. The re
mainder will be divided among Captain
Norton's next of kin.
tees 1 Menns Large Sum for the
Norton Heirs.
Agreement of Attorneys for Lega-
ESTATE TO BE DIVIDED
BY CALIFORNIA LAW
Alluding to Mr. Chamberlain's charge
that he (the Duke) was a "drag on the
wheels of progress," the speaker said
he was content to act as a drag on the
engine which was running down grade
against all signals.
Lord Goschen moved, and Lord Ham
ilton seconded, the following resolu
tion, which was passed by an over
whelming vote:
"This meeting, while prepared to con
sider in a friendly spirit any measure
the Government may submit to Parlia
ment in special cases for mitigating
the effects of hostile tariffs, Is of the
opinion that strenuous opposition
should be offered to any fiscal policy
involving the protective taxation of
food and the establishment of a gen
eral preferential or protective system."
The Duke of Devonshire said he was
prepared to prove that Mr. Chamber
lain's Glasgow budget would entail a
tremendous loss to the consumer, while
the workingman's expenses would be
increased 10 per cent. He believed that
there could be no greater fallacy that
from the prohibition or restriction of
imports from abroad would increase
the profitable employment of capital
and labor at home. The country was
prospering everywhere, yet Mr. Cham
berlain asserted that only stagnation
existed. #
He was epposed to the ] taxation of
food because he thought that sueh tax
ation was the keynote of the entire
policy to which he took exception.
Should the price of food be raised some
compensation must be given to the
workingmen., He recognized the great
service of Joseph Chamberlain, but
even the great services of the pa3t
should not blind any one to an acute
consideration of the result and signi
ficance of the former Colonial Secre
tary's fiscal scheme. In his budget Mr.
Chamberlain apparently had not con
sidered the increased cost of living for
the workingman.
Referring to the speeches of Premier
Balfour, the Duke of Devonshire said
that they did not indicate the objective
policy of. the Government. Had he
been assured that a moderate use of
the proposed power of retaliation would
be made by the Premier, he still might
be a member of the Government.
Continuing, the speaker said that
while the fiscal policy was not yet a
party question, there was nothing
which the advocates of the scheme,
which emanated from the brain of a
single eminent statesman, would like
better than a general election which
would turn on this question alone.
I This reference to Joseph Chamberlain
was greeted with mingled cheers and
hisses.
•v The Duke said the meeting was one
cVf Unionists desiring to urge on th»»
Government the danger of taking a
certain course and the expediency of
resisting a certain course. It was not
the policy of the Unionist Government
which was before the country. The
public liked a clear issue, and such an
issue had been placed before them by
Mr. Chamberlain, who left the Govern
ment in order that he might be freo.
Cheers and hisses again followed this
mention of Mr. Chamberlain.
LONDON, Nov. 24.— The Duke of
Devonshire presided and was the prin
cipal speaker at a great demonstration
in Queen's Hall her,p to-night under
the auspices of the Free Food League.
It was the Duke's first public speech
since his resignation as Lord President
of the Council and the first really im
portant meeting of the free fooders aj
an offset to the active propaganda of
the Tariff Reform League. The hall
was packed and the prominent person
ages present were the Duchess of Dev
onshire. Lord Balfour of Burleigh,
Charles T. Richie, Sir Michael Hicks-
Beach, Lord Goschen, Winston Spen
cer Churchill, Lord Hugh Cecil, Lord
Robert Cecil, Lord Lytton and a num
ber of leading members of the House
of Com mobs.
The Duke of Devonshire outlined the
object of the constitution of the Free
Food League, which he pointed out was
formed a few months before the Gov
ernment's declaration of its fiscal pol
icy and therefore could not have been
formed for any purpose of hostility to
the Government. The name of the
league indicated the purpose thereof.
There might be differences of opinion
concerning the extent to which retalia
tion might legitimately go. Some mem
bers of the league were not altogether
opposed to some form of protection,
but they were all united and prepared
to resist to the utmost the imposition
of any protective taxation on food or
protective duties generally. He himself
claimed the right to oppose anything in
the nature of a return to protection.
Prolonged cheering followed this
statement of the Duke.
NEW YORK, Nov. 24.— Testimony of
a sensational nature was introduced in
the United States shipbuilding hearing,
which was resumed to-day. During the
course of his redirect examination of
Lewis Nixon, president of the ship
building company, Untermyer, counsel
for the complainants, brought out from
Nixon the statement that of the $5,000,
000 additional stock issued when the
company was reorganized to take in
the Bethlehem company, $1,000,000 went
to Max Pam, Schwab's counsel, and
$1,000,000 each to Nixon, Dresser and
the Trust Company of the Republic,
leaving $1,000,000 the disposition of
which he did not know. He did not
know whether Schwab obtained it.
It was also brought out that at the
time the Sheldon reorganization plan
was under consideration Schwab of
fered to purchase $100,000 bonds, with
the accompanying bonus of 25,000
shares common and 25,000 shares pre
ferred stock, issued to Nixon, for $90,
000, while the market value was far less
than this.
CHARGES ATTEMPTED BRIBERY.
Untermyer made the direct charge
that this was in the nature of a bribe
to induce Nixon to agree to the Shel
don plan of reorganization, instead of
the plan for an assessment of stock
which he had previously advocated.
The offer was shown in two letters of
Schwab to Joseph H. Hoadley, dated
May 26, 1903, copies of which were in
troduced in evidence. Hoadley, it was
testified, had conducted the negotia
tions with Schwab' when Nixon was
endeavoring to persuade Schwab to ac
cede to the assessment plan and had,
after the proposal, urged Nixon to ac
cede to the Sheldon plan. Nixon said
that at Hoadley's request he had done
so.
"I think the testimony to-day shows
clearly that there has been no settle
ment," said Untermyer during the re
cess. '¦
* At the conclusion Nixon gave out for
publication a letter he had received
from Hoadley in answer to Nixon's
request for copies of the correspond
ence between Schwab and Hoadley.
Lewis Nixon was the first witness to
day. His redirect examination was
conducted by Samuel Untermyer, coun
sel for the bondholders. Untermyer
again took Nixon over the affairs of
the Bethlehem Steel Company and its
connection with the shipbuilding com
pany. Nixon declared himself ignorant
of affairs of the Bethlehem Steel Com
pany before its acquisition by the ship
building company, having made no in
vestigation thereof and having relied
upon the reports of the accountants.
For matters sir.ee that time he gener
ally referred Untermyer to the min
utes of the meetings, declining to tes
tify to matters of record, and in regard
to the listing of the shipbuilding se
curities he adhered to his previous at
titude—that he had left this to Judge !
Gary and Pam, who, he said, had com
plete charge.
In this connection Untermyer em
barked on a long course of question
ing about the relation of the shipbuild
ing company and the constituent com
panies when Ahe several plants and
their assets had been leased "back to
the constituent companies under these
circumstances. Nixon said he was un
able to speak with authority on so com
plicated a point of law, especially as
he had no opportunity to consult the
leases. The leases were sent for.
SCHWAB'S LETTERS PRODUCED.
Nixon was then caused to relate the
steps he took in opposition to the Shel
don reorganization, when an assess
ment on the stock of the shipbuilding
company was suggested to him by Jo
seph H. Hoadley, and he and Hoad
ley endeavored to persuade- Schwab to
consent. to this plan. During this re
lation Nixon described 'himself as "an
amateur in the business," and then
Guthrle objected to the whole state
ment- ITntermyer said he had no ob
jection to' striking out Nixon's refer
ence to amateurism'.
Untermyer offered in evidence two
letters from Charles M. Schwab to
Hjiadley,. offering to purchase certain
etocks and bonds of the -shipbuilding
company. Nixon I admitted 1 , that the
stocks and bonds referred to were
those given him at the formation gf the
company, in case the Sheldon reorgani
zation plan were ' agreed to.
immediately objected to these letters,
but Untermyer declared them relevant,
as showing that "Mr. Schwab bribed,
or attempted to bribe, the president of
the shipbuilding company to agree to
a plan of reorganization to which he
had, previously objected.".
Untermyer thrice repeated this state
ment' about attempted bribery and fin
ally secured the admission, of one of
the 'letters, the. authenticity of the
other, a copy,", being unproved. " The
letter was as follows:
NEW YORK, May 26. 1903. — Joseph II.
Hoadley,- -New York City,- N. Y. — Dear
Sir: Providing the United States Ship
building reorganization is perfected, I
hereby guarantee to take and pay for
$100,000 of flrsn. mortgage .bonds of the
United States Shipbuilding ' Company,
25.000 shares-rof preferred and 25.000
shares of common stock, for.- the sum of
J9(K000, plus Interest on said bonds, on
or oefore December 1. 1903. Said bonds
and stocks to be deposited with Messrs.
Mclntyn? & Marshall, 74:Broadway, New
York, and to be exchanged for securities
of tho reorganized company, as designat
ed by agreement issued by the reorgani
zation committee: •> Very truly yours
CM. SCHWAB.
The second letter, wjiich was later
admitted as "evidence, is as follows:
NEW YORK, May. 2C, '1003.— Mr. Jo-
Says- Scheme of Opposition Emanates
Solely From Joseph Chamberlain,
Whose Name Audience
Hisses.
Head of Bethlehem Plant Is Openly'
Accused of Having Attempted
to Bribe Trust's Presi
dent.
Starts Campaign to OfF;et
Propaganda of Tariff
Reform League
Lewis Nixon Doesn't Know;
Whether Schwab or
Another Got It.
Nearly 1000 people are affected by the
mistakes and there appears no way of
remedying them, as the Supervisors,
depending upon the Assessor's figurrs,
have made appropriations of money
covering the total income. A number of
lively suits are expected to result.
Another peculiar thing is that the
Methodist Episcopal church, supposed
to be free from taxation, was assessed
for $7500. The First National Bank was
compelled to pay taxes on a quarter of
a section of land, which, according to
the Assessor's figures, contained 560
acres.
FRESNO, Nov. 24.— Protests from
taxpayers are coming in to the Super
visors in great nulobers on account of
numerous clerical errors made .in the
oflce of Assessor George W. Cameron.
The protests so far have been of little
avail, and in most cases the property
owners have paid the taxes under
promises of a rebate.
Most of the errors were due to igno
rance on .the part of the clerks in the
Assessor's ofnce. In setting down the
amounts they Invariably put two ci
phers after the sum of dollars. On the
assessment list there is no column for
the cents and consequently the sums
are read as dollars. In one instance
Mrs. Rosetta Hines, who should have
been assessed for J10 worth of personal
property, was assessed for 51000 worth.
13. F. Smith of Clovis, who possessed
$t>5 worth of personal property, was
compelled to pay taxes on over $0000
worth. Supervisor Burleigh himself
was assessed for office fixtures valued
at $725. His protest is that he has iio
office.
— > ?
Special Dispatch to Tne Call.
of Protests.
Ciphers Added to Sums of
Dollars Cause Flood
NEW YORK. Nov. 24.— A burglar
may go too far, even in Brooklyn,
when he steals a cuckoo clock in oper
ation from the home *f a sleuth. That
is what one tried to do last night. John
Baldwin is his name on the police
records. Detective Joe Price lives at
162 Washington Park. He is a plain
clothes sleuth in Captain Miles O'Reil
ly's precinct and works nights.
Baldwin got into the Price flat by
forcing the hall door and selected a
lot of silverware to carry away. The 1
silver was in a grip. Baldwin had one
free hand and, being thrifty, picked a
Swiss clock off a nail on the dining
room wall and hugged it up against
him as he got ready to go.
Just then it became the duty of the
cuckoo to tell the hour of midnight and
it started in. Baldwin tried to get rid
of the clock, but he could not. The
carved ends of the wooden bird's wings
caught in Baldwin's coat collar. Not
only could he not lose the clock, but
his coat refused to come off and the
more he struggled the harder the
cuckoo cuckooed. The noise awakened
the detective's son William. He ran
out only to see the thief flying down
stairs two steps at a time and every
Jump jarred another cuckoo out of the
cuckoo bird. Price caught the burglar
after a chase of two blocks. He was
held for trial.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Voice of Stolen Timepiece
Leads to Crook's
Capture.
No Trace of a Large
Block of Shipyard
Shares.
British Duke Addresses
"Free Fooders" at
London.
Fresno Property Owners
Amazed at Assess
ments.
Clings to Brooklyn Bur
glar While Sound
ing Alarm.
DEVONSHIRE
WILL FIGHT
PROTECTION
STOCK WORTH
ONE MILLION
DISAPPEARS
CUCKOO CLOCK
A THIEF TRAP
ERRORS ALARM
THE TAXPAYERS
THE SAN ITKA^CISCO CAtLV? WEDNESDAY; NOVEMBER 25, 1903.
General Yuan Shi Kai Informs the Emperor That He Is Ready to
Begin Hostilities to Regain Manchuria and General Ma Will
' March at the Head of< an Army of Eighteen Thousand Men
GOVERNOR OF A CHINESE PROVINCE
WILL DECLARE WAR UPON RUSSIA
T- ONDON, Nov. 24. — Private advices from Peking are to the effect that General Yuan Shi
I Kai, Governor of Chili province, has informed the Emperor that he is prepared to declare
¦¦— ' war against the Russians in Manchuria. General Ma is said to be ready to march into*
Shanhai-Kwan at the head of 18,000 men.
2
Gives these organs vigor and tone for the
proper performance of their functions^ and
cares all their ordinary ailments. Take it.
Hood'sSarsaparilla
It is highly Important that these organs
Ebould properly perform their functions.
When they don't, what lameness of the
side and back, what yellowness of the skin,
what constipation, baa taste In the month,
sick headache, pimples and blotches, and
loss of courage, tell the story. '
The great alterative and tonic
Liver and Kidneys
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LEADING BUSINESS COUUOT3 OF IHB
WEST 24 Poet »t-. San Francisco. Cal.
Established 40 years. Open entire y«ar.
Writ* for Illustrated catalogs* ' <fr—V
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Priea Lists Mailed
. on Application.
rBE3H ATTD SALT MEATS.
I4C RftVFS & C A 8blppln*. Butchers, 104
JA>. DUICj tt VU. Clay. T»L Main Ufc*.
'- OII.S. *
LUBRICATING OILS; LEONARD A ELLIS.
4IS Front St.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
7SX2TTZHO.
ECBUfiBES, - .u«2SKSt».
Sehoois and Colleges.
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money if it fails to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature is on each box. 25c. •
To Cure a Cold in One Day.
CAN' FRANCISCO. Xov. 23, 1903.— Dr.
"^ W. A. Houck, physician at . Rhea,
Ark., has started on the Compound. He
writes:- "I spent the summer of 1902 at
Excelsior Springs, ila. There I met a
young man from Slater, Ho., a typical
case of Bright's Disease. On June 12,
1903. he left the springs and went home
to die, but by accident heard of your
Compound. This last summer I went
back to the springs and found him much
improved and on the road to recovery.
This man and his case induced me to
Ftart on your Compound."
Drupgist C. C. Comfort of Jenkintown,
Pa., writes: "That case of Bright's Dis-
ease I wrote you about took the Com-
pound. In two months he was out. lie
wai given up by his family and the doc-
tor. To-day he is all right. He wants
the address of your Philadelphia agent."
San Fernando Drug Co. of Fernando,
Cal., writes: "A hard case of Bright's
Disease here is going all right. Patient
is gradually returning to business." . •
O. L. Halsell, druggist. Santa Ana,
Cal.. writes: "We have a case of Bright's
Disease that has now used two dozen.
Patient shows remarkable progress."
6..F. Boyce, druggist, Duluth, Minn.,
writes: "Write to W. M. Later bach.
Ixiwell block, this city. He has used
eleven bottles of the Bright's Disease
Compound and is about well. A. T. Parks,
Superintendent of Schools, St. Lo U i s Co.,
is on the Diabetes Ompound and reports
the usual progress."
Buschraayer Bros., druggists. Louis-
ville, Ky., writes: "We now hav« a num-
ber of physicians who are prescribing
the compounds with success.
BrigrhfB Disease and Diabetes are now
curable In nearly nine-tenths of all cases
by the Fulton Compounds. Jno. J. Ful-
ton Co.. 409 Washington st., San Francis-
co, sole corapounders. Compounds and
pamphlets at all first-class druggists in
thi* city and following interior agents:
Alinu da. Prosper Pacific Grove. Tuttle
Anderson. Edwards Pasadena, Ward
Arucels Camp. Goodloe Paso Robles, Janny
Auburn, McLaughUn Pet&luma. Maynard
liakersflcld, Baer Red Bluff, Eimore
lienicia. Trauu . Redding, ReJg Drg Co
Berkeley, Pond K*d!andt, Abbey . ,
Cfclistcra. Armstrong Redwood City, Walsh
Cnlco, L*« Riverside. Gardner
trioverdtle. Markell Sacramento, Willis
Colusa. Roblnaon Salinas. Kroug-h
Crockett. Crockett Dr San Andreas. Peters
Co. ¦ ¦ San Bernardino. Towne
Davlsvllle. Campbell Han Diego. Strahlman
IHnu-ba. McCracken Hanger. Mesrer
Kagleville, Power* San Jose, Fisher & P
Eureka. Skinner Pan Mateo Colpe
Fresno, G. H. Monroe San Pablo. Solomon
Urase Vy, LoutzenheJ- Ban Rafael. Wolfe
•er Santa Ana, Halsell
Gilroy. Johnson Kama Barbara Ruiz
Golden Gate. Klinkner 1 Santa Clara, Robinson
Jlanford. Cousins * H. Santa Crut, Palmer
Haywards. Eporn4U Santa Monica, Ramaee
Hraldsburg, Evans Banta Rota, Newman
Hollister. Wapple Kebastopol. Worth
Honrut. Horton Sisson, Lee
Kern, Kern Drug Co Bonora, Eddy
I,ivermore. Beck ' St. Helena, Brownlee
!x» Angeles, Owl Stockton. Holden
Ix>6 Gatos, Johns & J Gutter Creek. Morrish
I^cmpoc, T>an Truckee, Thomas
M&dera. Luttrell Tulare, Lasch
Mererd. Dlxon Tuolumne, Curley
Mill Valley. M V Dg Co Ukiah. Oibson
UodeEtn. Husband & 1 Vallejo. Topley
Monterey. Moore Ventura. Cerf.
Morgan Hill. UHDCo Volcano, Olute
Mtn View, Johr.eon Visalia, Boynton
N«i pa. Lovejoy Watsonfille, Krough
Nevada City. Vinto Wheatiend. Brown
Oakland, Owl Williams. Touch
Oranpe. Watson's Winter*. Day
OroviUe, Eckman Woodland. Eholton
Bright's Disease and
Diabetes News.
JNO. J. FULTON CO.
Any honest person who suffers from Rheu-
matism is welcome to this offer. For years L
searched everywhere to find a specific for Rheu-
matism. For nearly 20 years I worked to this
end. At last, in Germany, my search was re-
warded. I found a costly chemical that did net
disappoint me as ether Rheumatic prescriptions
Had disappointed physicians everywhere.
I do not mean that Dr. Shoop' s Rheumatic
Cure can turn bony Joints into flesh again. That
is impossible. But It will drive from the blocd
the poison that causes pain and swelling, and
; then that Is the end of Rheumatism. I know
this so well that I will furnish for a full month
my Rheumatic Cure on trial. I cannot cure all
cases within a month. It would be unreason-
able to expect that. But most cases will yield
within SO days. This trial treatment will con-
vince you that Dr. ghoop's Rheumatic Cure la
: a power against Rheumatism — a - potent force
i against dlseaso that Is Irresistible.
My offer Is made to convince you of my faith.
My faith is but the outcome of experience — of
1 actual knowledge. I know what It eaa do. And
\ I know this so well that I will furnish my rem-
edy on trial. Simply write me a postal for ray
book on Rheumatism. I will then arrange with
a druggist in your vicinity so that you can se-
cure six bottles of Dr. Snoop's Rheumatic Cure
to make the test Tou make tak» It a full month
on trial. If It succeeds the cost to you is *3 00.
If n falls the less I* mine and mine alone. It
will be left entirely to you. I mean that ex-
actly. If you «ay the trial Is not satisfactory I
don't expect a penny from you.
I have no samples. Any mere sample that
can affect chronic Rheumatism, must be drugged
to the verge of danger. I use no such drugs,
for It is dangerous to take them. Tou mart g*t
the disease out of the blood. My remedy djj^s
that even In the most difficult, obstinate caae».
It has cured the eldest cases that I *r*r met.
and in all of my experience. In all of my SOOO
tests. I never found another remedy that would
cure one chronic case in ten.
Write me and I will send you the book. Try
my remedy for a month, for It can t harm you
anyway. If It fails the loss Is mine.
Address Dr. Shoop. Box 630. Racing Wta.
Mild cases not chronic are often cured by ona
cr two botUea. At all draggl**
Costs .Nothing if It Pails.
Dr. Shoop's
Rheumatic Cure
DB. SHOOP'S REMEDIES.CHICAGO, Nov. 25.— The strike of the
employes of the Chicago City Railway
was settled at an early hour this morn
ing at a conference between the Mayor,
the Aldermanic peace committee. Presi
dent Hamilton and E. R. Bliss, counsel
for the company, and . the executive
board of the local union of strikers. The
basis on which the settlement was
reached is a complete victory for the
company as far as the original demands
of the men are concerned. The agree
ment reached will be ratified at a meet
ing of the men at 9 o'clock # this morning,
and it is expected that traffic on all the
lines of the company will be resumed
to-day.
Agreement to Reinstate the Men
Who Walked Out the Only Con
cession Made by th©
Company.
Traffic on All Lines Will
' Be Resumed Before
Nightfall.
Street Railway Strike
Settled by Peace
Committee.
alter my course each time in order to
clear them. We were going about half
speed when the lookout reported a scow
ahead. The fog was very dense
and by the time I could make her
out we were on top of her. I put mv
helm hard to port and swung her
around just in time to miss the scow's
stern, which was pointed toward us. I
guess my vessel answered her helm too
quickly, for before we knew it we were
aground. I have navigated this bay as
long as any captain in the service and I
guess have had as few accidents."
Mr. Rank, manager of the North
Shore Company, was aboard the Sau
salito shortly after the accident and is
of the opinion that it was due entirely to
the fog, which was extremely dense.
Those of the passengers that were in
a position to judge the accident believe
that it was due entirely to the foz and
that the captain was out of his course.
No one was injured and it is thought
that the damage done to the vessel is
slight.
HOLE IN STEAMER'S HOLD.
There is undoubtedly a hole stove in
the forward end of the steamer, and a
thorough investigation will be made be
fore any 'attempt is made to float the
vessel.
Miss Farrell of San Rafael, who
was a passenger on the Sausalito, said:
"We left San Francisco at 8:45 for
Sausalito. The night was very foggy
and most of the passengers were inside.
I was seated in the upper cabin read
ing a book. I thought we were near
our destination, when suddenly I felt
a slight sensation as if the boat was
on the sand and an instant after it
came to a sudden halt and the passen
gers ran to the bo,w of the boat. I was
not afraid and the rest of the passen
gers appeared cool. We immediately
saw that we were on the beach. In
front of us was a rocky cliff and we
felt that the boat could not sink. The
captain immediately notified us that
everything was all right and that re
lief would be summoned and we would
be sent to Sausallto. I was surprised
how cool we all were. I suppose it
was because the boat went ashore so
lightly."
C. Cohen relates the following story:
"I was seated inside the lower deck at
rived in time to help them out of their
difficulty, however, and in a very short
time had all of the passengers on board
the Cazadero. As the thirtv-odd pas
sengers climbed aboard the laree steam
er they gave three lusty cheers for The
Call and a vote of thanks for its timelv
aid.
C. J. Lucky, captain oi the Sausa-
Hto, gives the following explanation of
the accident:
"There were three or four small
scows anchored in my wav between San
Francisco and Point Knox. I had to
ashore. *
Captain Lucky reported last nighi
that the Sausalito was leaking slightlv
forward, but not sufficient to endancer
the vessel. Collision mats prevented
the inflow of water from reaching the
fire and engine rooms.
"A steam launch used by Call men
brought a big bunch over to our boat
and everybody cheered the newspaper
men. From what I could gee there was
no panic or fear shown by the passen
gers. It was very calm and the fog
was not as thick as when we started."
When the Cazadero reached this city
it took on those who were waiting to
go to Sausalito. As soon as It3 new
cargo of precious burdens wert» taken
aboard the steamer started through the
fog for distant Sausallto. The Caza
dero has orders %o return and stand by
the Sausalito and at high tide will use
her powerful engines in pulling the
Sausalito off the beach.
After landing the wrecked oassenccrs
the Cazadero returned to San Francisco
for the passengers that had waited for
hours to return to their homes across
the bay.
She passed close to the Sausalito
and Captain Lucky reported that his
vessel had not shifted and that there
was no danger of her being further dam
aged unless a storm blew up. The cap
tain and his crew remained on the
wrecked ferry-boat and will stav with
her until she is pulled off or hopelessly
wrecked.
The Cazadero left this side at i:.^o
o'clock this morning, taking nearly sev
enty passengers for Sausalito. Captain
Matheas of the Cazadero stated before
he left that an attempt would be made
at high water this mornine to Dull the
Sausalito from the spot where she went
"Jack" Ferry and Sam Kalisky re
turned to this city 'on the Cazadero.
They had been over to Gardner's train
ing quarters at Larkspur and had start
ed for San Francisco after 8 o'clock.
Kalisky said it was very foggy on the
bay and the Cazadero'3 whistle kept
blowing all the way. "When near An
gel Island the Sausalito's whistles were
heard signaling for help," said Kalis
ky, "and the Cazadero went as near the
unfortunate steamer as was possible.
The passengers were in no danger. A
small rowboat brought passengers to
the Cazadero and they were glad to get
out of danger.
DISTRESS WHISTLES BLOW.
the time the Sausallto went ashore. At
first there was a light grinding below
as the boat scraped the bottom and In
an instant it came to a sudden halt.
The passengers immediately ran to the
front of the boat and noticed that there
was no immediate danger, as we could
get ashore. The captain notified the
passengers that everything was safe.
On the trip over I noticed that It was
a very mean night, as the fog was very
thick- The Sausallto was constantly
sounding her whistle and using every
precaution to avoid a collision."
CAR WHEELS
WILL TURN
IN CHICAGO
, GRAND RAPIDS. Mich., Nov. 24 —Mr.
and' Mrs.; George Smith," 60 years of < age,
were *, burned v to : death to-day laa flr«
which consumed their hornet '
DENVER, Nov. 24.— A special to the
News from Cripple Creek says the Cor
oner's inquest in the case of two
men killed by the explosion in the Vin
dicator mine was begun to-day. The
evidence produced demonstrated con
clusively that the explosion was the re
sult of a plot to blow up the mine, but
nothing of a definite nature developed
to indicate the guilty persons,
j The articles found at the scene of the
explosion were put In evidence. They
consisted of Dart of a stick of giant
powder of a different make from that
used by Vindicator miners, some elec
tric wire and fragments of a Colt's 32
caliber revolver.
Several witnesses were examined, but
no newfacts were brought out. At 6:30
o'clock the inquest, was adjourned until
2 o'clock Friday afternoon.
This afternoon Adjutant General
Sherman Bell, whorls in Denver, stated
that a laree amount of evidence had
been secured for the trial of the men
suspected of the outrage. A telegram
.was received to-day from the manufac-
Evidence Shows Vindicator Mine Ex
plosion Was Result of Plot.
CORONER'S INQUEST BEGINS.
The calling out of the militia was a
step I was extremely loth to take, and
I only decided to do so after- full investi
gation. A large number of miners aro
perfectly satisfied with their wages and
?heir hours, but the strikers, led by so
called organizers, won't let them alone,
but are threatening them with bodily
harm if they continue at work. I have
been informed of instances of personal
violence and threats to kill and burn per-
Eons and property. We were foremost in
the West to legalize the eight-day hour
in Utah, and instead of being applauded
and assisted and respected for it, these
agitators are seeking to punish us for it.
It won't do. As long as I am Governor
I shall resist the tyrannical and unlaw
ful interference of individuals or unions
with the peaceful pursuits of the citi
zens of this State.
We are not to be jeered at nor sneered
at. and we don't propose to stand for
anything of that kind. You are expected
to be firm in purpose and quick In action
in quelling any disorders or violations of
the law. Soldiers on their beats are cau
tioned to submit to no insults or intimi
dation. We propose to see that this uni
form is respected, and any soldier who
allows It to be insulted is unfit for duty.
Concerning the strike situation and
the necessity for calling out troops,
Governor Wells said to-day:
SALT LAKE CITY, Nov. 24.— A spe
cial train of seven cars left this city
shortly before 12 o'clock to-night bear-
Ing the State troops who have been or
dered by Adjutant General Burton into
Carbon County, the scene of the dis
turbances between the striking coal
miners and the Utah Fuel Company.
En route the train will take abot-.rd
the local guardsmen at Bountiful and
Provo. Altogether the soldiers number
about 400 and are prepared to stay in
the district an indefinite length of time.
Two Gatling g^uns are included in the
equipment taken from this city.
The train' is expected to reach the
scene of the troubles about daybreak.
Upon arrival cabips will be established
immediately. Brigadier General Can
non will probably establish his head
quarters at Rcofield, the two mines near
that town. Winter Quarters and Clear
Creek, being the special points of pro
tection by the State troops.
Before leaving this city General Can
non addressed the guardsmen, giving a
general outline of the manner in which
they should conduct themselves while
on duty.
MORRISTOWN, N. J., Nov. 24.—No
tices have been posted 'In all the mines
of the Empire Steel and Iron Company
In Mount Hope, Hibernla and the other
big mines in Morris County to the ef
fect that a 10 per cent reduction would
be made In the wages of all miners, be
ginning Docember 1. Also that only
one shift of men would be used where
two formerly "worked. The order af
fects 3000 men. .
This, with the cut of 15 per cent,
made October 1; the shutting. down of
the Wharton mines and the blowing out
of the Port Oram furnaces, has caused
unrest in labor circles In the northern
part of New Jersey. .
New Jersey Miners - Notified of a
> Ten Per Cent Cut.
BIG WAGE REDUCTION.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 24.— President
Roosevelt entertained at luncheon to
day representatives of the labor organ
izations of Butte, Mont. The special
guests were Malcolm Gllles, president
cf the Stationary Engineers' Union;
Edward Long, president of the Miners'
Union; M. R. Dempsey, ex-president
of the Miners' Union; F. M. Cronin,
president of the Hotel and Restaurant
Helpers' Union; William Robinson, for
mer secretary of the Miners' Union; J.
W. Gilbert, president of the Working
men's Union, and Frank Doyle, presi
dent of the Trades and . Labor Assem
bly. Invited to meet the labor repre-"
sentatlves were Secretary Cortelyou of
the Department of Commerce and La
bor; Carroll D. Wright, Commissioner
of Labor; Representative Dickson of
Montana and Wayne MacVeach, former
Attorney General and one of the coun
sel of the Pennsylvania coal operators.
President Roosevelt Gives Luncheon
. * to Prominent Union Men.
ENTERTAINS LABOR LEADERS.
TELLURIDE, Colo., Nov. 24.— About
500 members of the . State guard ar
rived here this afternoon and are now
encamped about the various mines and
mills of the district. Aside from the
welcome extended to the troops by citi
zens of the town and owners of . the
mines no demonstration has occurred.
One hundred men were sent to Ophir
Loop and Eames Station, 16 miles
southwest, but the remainder of the
troops ( were distributed in the vicinity
of Telluride. The Tomboy Company ad
vertised to-day in a local paper for
miners, announcing that the mine
would resume operations to-morrow.
turers of the pistol found in the Vin
dicator mine, he said, which stated that
the revolver in question was sold to a
hardware firm In Tellurlde, Colo. Gen
eral Bell added that one of the men
suspected of complicity 1 in the explo
sion recently went to Cripple 'Creek
from Tellufide. The general also stated
that infernal machines ready to be ex
ploded had been found in two other
mines and that there was positive evi
dence that the plot included five mines
in all. He expressed the opinion that
the explosion In the Vindicator occur
red before the perpetrators intended, as
most of the troops were on outgoing
trains, but had not started when it oc
curred.
COMMANDER OF UTAH MILITIA. AXD CHIEF EXECUTIVE, WHO
ORDERED THE STATE SOLDIERS, TO THE SCENE -OP THE MIN
ING TROUBLES IN CARBON COUNTY. 'A^
Prussian Supreme Court Defines the
Limits of Police Jurisdiction.
BERLIN, Nov. 24.— The Prussian Su
preme Court has decided that strike
picketing is lawful, if conducted from
a building where the pickets' presence
is not objectionable to the tenant.
A •• lio'iceman at Posen ordered a
picket , notQDnly to leave the street in
crhlch was the strike locality, but to
leave the entire neighborhood. The
pielm entered a saloon im
mediately opposite from the strike lo
cality. The local court held that the
police had the _right to order persons
whose prepenc inipht occasion disorder
t<^ leave particular streets, which in
cluded premises opening on said streets.
The Suprerre C^urt. however, has de
"oTdex! thrt.rhe pollre Ftreet ordinances
Co not extend b«ynr.d the street. !
Appointment for Polavieja
MADRID. Nov. :4.— Kins Alfonso has
appointed^ Marc'Jis Polavieja as chief
of his military household. Marquis
Polavieja has been Captain General of
Cuba, Governor of the Philippine Is
lands a no Minister *of War.
• m • .
SAN JOSE. Nov. 24. — Edward Ford, a
pioneer merchant of this city, died this
afternoon, aged 73 years. He was the
father of ex-Fire Chief Henrv Ford
STE.IKE PICKETING LAWFUL
American Mining Man Brings News
of Fights With Merciless Na
tives in the Wild Sec
tions of Sonora.
Another member of the expedition
was J. Sydney Poole of Rockport,
Mass. J. K. Carpenter of San Fran
cisco, chief engineer of the company,
was alor.g ¦with his son, as well as
Walter Kelley of Portland, Me., audi
tor of the company. Horace Chase of
San Francisco came north with the
party.
How many of the soldiers were killed
Fleming does not know, because every
effort was made by the Mexican au
thorities to keep the matter secret.
The company of troops which was
routed was escorting a wagron train
containing supplies for a mining camp
near the head of the Yaqui River. The
attack was made after nightfall in a
narrow ravine, after the soldiers had
pone into camp without placing: pick
ets on guard. It being: supposed by
them that they were beyond the zone
of Yaqui trouble.
Fleming declares that there is noth
ing In the general denials which are
often sent out from over the border
to the effect that there was no Indian
outbreaks in Sonera. Two of Flem
ing's men, both Mexicans, were shot
dead from ambush in an attack made
by the Indians during the trip from
Ortiz to Cumlripa. on the Yaqui River.
A week before the fight at Rapairo
a ba:;<i of Indians captured a caravan
that was freighting to the mines of La
Dura district on the same road which
his party traveled. They stripped their
Mexican prisoners and turned them
loose in the wilderness to wander back
as best they might, without food or
water.
He says that the attack took place
near where the Fleming party was
camped. A band of fifty Indians sur
prised a company of soK.iers in camp,
and after a sharr> fight in the dark
ness scattered the entire command. At
the time of Fleming's departure only
six of the entire company had been ac
counted for, and these were found dead.
The rest had fallen into the hands of
the natives or been driven into hiding
in the reugh mountain country. The
company was under the command of
Colonel Francisco Picardo of the Fifth
Regiment of Rurales.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 29.— S. J. Flem
ing of Boston, president of the Boston
and Mexican Gold Placer Mining Com
pany, who has returned from a two
months' trip along the Yaqui River,
brings the first news of a battle be
tween Indians and Mexican troops
which took place in the early- morning
of Sunday a week ago at Rapairo,
near Sciqui Grande, resulting disas
trously for the Mexicans.
Ppeclal Dispatch to The Call
Mexican Rurales Surprised
by Half a Hundred
Savages.
js months old. Her former coachman.
J-lznilio Aiaterni, also disappeared some
time ago. The Princess supposedly is
in Italy. The Princess' sister, the Prin
ocfs Elvira of Bourbon, eldest daughter
of Don Carlos, the Spanish pretender,
eloped •with an Italian painter. Folchi,
several years ago and lives with him at
Milan.
Prince and Princess Victor Frederick
F.rnest have lived apart for some time.
The Prince had also broken off rela
tions with his father, and is now hunt
ing in Styria.
Princess Alice is described as being
email and pretty, with bewitching eyes
and of an extremely ardent tempera
ment. The coachman, Kmilio Materni,
is reputed to be unusually handsome.
He was married to a German girl, but
the Princess' liking for him was well
known at Gauernitz. where he occupied
a position of confidence. Prince Freder
ick of Schoefburg-WaJdenberg is de
scribed as an unsympathetic soldier.
Princess Beatrice, another sister of
Princess Alice, married Prince Massi
met di Roviano and eighteen months
ago Jumped into the river on account
of Jealousy, but was rescued, and cele
brated her reconciliation with her hus
band in a theatrical manner.
MENTOXE. France. Nov. 24.— It is
said here that Princess Alice is living
in retirement at Sori, in the Italian Ri
viera. Friends deny that she has
eloped and allege that she is instituting
legal proceedings to obtain a separa
tion from Prince Frederick.
BEHI-IN. Nov. 24.— It now appears
that the Princess Alice, wife of Prince
Victor Frederick Ernest of Schoefburg-
Walcenberg-, left her home at Gauer
nitz three -nonths ago. taking her son,
Marrici Life Unhappy and
Elcpement a Family
Weakness.
Desperate Engagement
Fought in a Ravine
at Night.
Three Months Since She
Left Horns With a
Coachinan.
YAQUIS KILL
AND CAPTURE
IN A BATTLE
PRINCESS ALICE
MAY BE IN ITALY
THE SAN FHANCISCO CALL/ WEDNESDAY, JNOV EMBER 25, 1903.
FERRY-BOAT ASHORE
ON ANGEL ISLAND
Continued- From Page 1, Column 6.
Seven Cars Loaded With State Troops Are
on the Way to Carbon County— Soldiers
Number 400 and Take Two Gatling Guns
UTAH MILITIA LEAVES
FOR SCENE OF STRIKE
LONDON. Nov. 24.— A dispatch to a
news agency reports desperate fight
ing at Warmbad, Great Manaqualand,
German Southwest Africa. The rebels
captured the town, killing four Ger
mans. Subsequently the German field
force of 150 men succeeded, after a
struggle, in expelling the rebels and re
occupying the town.
Desperate Fighting Is Reported at
Warmbad, Great Manaqualand, in
German Southwest Africa.
REBELS DRIVE KAISER'S
• MEN FROM AFRICAN TOWN
The only Important concession made
by the company was an agreement to
reinstate all of the strikers, including
the outside unions who went out in
sympathy with the trainmen, with the
exception of those who resorted to vio
lence during the trouble.
The arbitration of the wage scale is
to be according to the wages paid out
side of Chicago and not on the basis of
the local street railways. These are the
two points that have been the stum
bling block to a peaceable adjustment
of the strike for the past week. The
company has insisted that it pays high
er wages than any similar corporation
in the country. The men were fearful
that the arbitration on the scale paid in
other cities would decrease their wages
and they fought stubbornly for that
point.
3
ADVERTISEJEENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Seasonable Announcement Concerning
Cravenettes and Rain Coats
jjST I ' THE rainy season is
III I here at last. Showers
1 '»any day — don't get
wet, but get a good Rain Coat
or "Cravenette" at once, or a
Mackintosh, if you prefer.
Genuine Rain-proof "Cravenette" Coats, in Tweeds
Cheviots and Worsteds ; long cut, with box back;
batin yoke ; some with silk lined sleeves ; Black'
Oxford, Tan and Pattern goods. ' ' '
From $10.00 to $40.00
Mackintoshes, in Blues, Blacks and Tans full length-
Double-breasted, Gladstone or Inverness style'
some with capes; fine rain shedders. '--/-.
From $5.00 to $40.00
UMBRELLAS
Silk Umbrellas; Natural-wood handles; newest de-
signs ; Sterling silver ornaments.
From $2.50 up
KEARNY AT POST
Cl J r .,•..,
I Can >* ou dj st,nguish between
GB lilffc Ammunition. HanUn, and Best and'E. humbug
SIRiV Goods. Largest . , ,
i Ills *. l<xk - L"»-««t price*, send in the advertisement'*
VIlV EHKEVEtBARBEH CO.. TT -\
739 Market Ft. and 811 { XlOW f ,Great Northern Train Wrecked.
Austria Accepts the Situation.
VIENNA. Nov. 11— The Associated
' "res* is informed that the Austro
'"ursrarian Government has-decided to
¦'(•jniz? the republic of Panama.
The annual .winter billiard tourna
ment at the Waldorf parlors \"will com
mence next Monday. William George
has been made favorite with O. W. Pil
lage, G. A. ' Mitchell and W. I. Barry
next in demand. The" entries:
O. W. Page. William George, G. A.
Mitchell, J. .Barree, W. I. Barry, W. e.
Davis, Louis M. Howe, H. D.' Cashman
and Mr. Anantte of San Francisco;
Will Noel and R. B. Shumway of St:
Louis.
Billiard Tournament Entries.
, OAKLAND, Nov. 24:— Th* following
marriage licenses were, issued by . the
County Clerk to-day: •John Abrams,
28, Oakland, and Genevleve C. Atklson,
22. Fruitvale; Joseph S. Gonsalves, 25,
and Ghlirmena Costa, 19, both of Hay
wards; Patrick McDonnell, over 21, and
Mary McNamara, over 18, both of Oak
land: Max A. W. Hubert, 27, Oakland,
and Lucy R. Atwood, 23, Berkeley; Al
fred W. Manderson, over 21, San Fran
cisco, and Annie I. Berry, over 18, Oak
land? William Bost. 29, Fresno, and
Laura Roberts. 31, Los Angeles; Otto
Kropsch, 25, and Jennie Ruiz de Royas
17,'bo.th of Oakland. . '
Marriage - Licenses.
NEW YORK, Nov. 24.— Frederico
Boyd and Dr. Am a dor, the Panama
Commissioners, who came to this coun
try to frame the new canal treaty, to
day delivered the new treaty to the
purser of the City of Washington, who
will deliver it to the authorities in
Color.. The Commissioners brought the
treaty ,down In a small sealed iron
box. .They took the greatest care of it
and did not allow it to get out of their
Kisht until it had been turned over to
the purser and they had his acknowl
-djrmrnl.
Treaty Starts for Panama
Joseph King, ex-pugilist, who was
convicted by a jury in Judge Lawlor's
court on a charge of assault with a
deadly weapon for striking Chan Che
ung on the head with a club in a Chi
nese restaurant on -July 12, appeared
for sentence yesterday. Motions for a
new trial and for arrest ;_of Judgment
were denied. The Jury having recom
mended that the fullest clemency per
missible be extended to the defendant,
the Judge sentenced him to serve four
months in the county jail..
King to Serve Four Months.
Rev. F. M. Harvey will deliver a lec
ture this evening at the .Alhambra
Theater in aid of ' St. Joseph's Home
for Deaf Mutes,- the subject of the ad
dress being "The Merchant of Venice. "
An excellent, programme of music
has been arranged by the committee' in
charged and the band of the League of
the- Cross' Cadets will give a concert,
beginning at 8 o'clock.
Rev. Father Harvey is a brilliant
speaker and he will render many pas-,
sages from the play of " Shakespeare
during his; lecture. There has been a
large demand for tickets for the enter
tainment, which promises to add a
material amount to the funds of the
Institution, which .is the only Catholic
home in the West for deaf mutes. , t It
has been established; eight years". and
has graduated more than ;300 scholars.
,'J/The committee in charge of to-night's
entertainment comprises; many;, prom
inent citizens who are Interested in the
welfare of the home in question. .'
Pleasing Programme to Take Place
This Evening at Alhambra
• Theater.
FATHER. HARVEY TO LECTURE
IN AID OF DEAF MUTES' HOME
Wardle alleges that on October 21
Hopkins called at his office and pre
sented • a draft for $88 65 drawn on J.
H. Bedson, 312 East Berry street, Fort
Wayne, Ind., and asked Wardle to cash
it, as yie' banks were closed and he was
in -urgent need of the money. He as
sured Wardle that the draft was all
right, as he had been doing business
with Bedson, ..who -would honor it.
.The draft was cashed by- Wardle, but
It - was returned dishonored, Bed
son alleging that Hopkins had no
authority to draw on him for any
amount. Wardle could get no satis
faction from Hopkins or ' the Coloniza
tion; Bureau and when h'e found, as he
alleges, from a prominent lumberman
in the city, that there were other drafts
of a' similar nature that had been pass
ed by'^Hopkins he decided to have him
arrested. • '
Francis R. Wardle of Wardle & Co.,
230 Montgomery street, secured a war
rant yesterday for the arrest of George
W. Hopkins, general manager of the
California Colonization Bureau^ Chron
icle 1 building, on a charge of obtaining
money by false pretenses.
ACCUSED OF PASSING
A WORTHLESS DRAFT
CALIFORNIA CLUB HOLDS
BIO DEBATING MEETING
According to the arguments offered
at the California Club yesterday the
consensus of opinion seems to be
against the problem play. The ques
tion of debate was. "Resolved. That
the problem play is beneficial to the
playgoer." The question was brilliant
ly represented on both sides. Speaking
for the affirmative were Miss Mary
Fairbrother. Mrs. Horace Coffin, Ma
dame Emella Tojetti and Miss Cron
dace. On the negative side of the argu
ment were Mrs. J. W. Orr. Mrs. Fred
erick Handen, Mrs. Frederick Baker
and Mrs. C. Mason Klnne.
When the vote was taken the result
showed 32 votes for the affirmative and
40 for the negative. Now this is net
meant to prove that the problem play
is doomed, so far as the California
Club is concerned— far be it from tMs.
The result of the .voting was entirely
on the merits of the arguments offered
and not on the merits of the problem
play itself. A feature of the entertain
ment was the recitation of "The
Chariot Race" by Mr. Kelly of the Ben-
Hur company. Mrs. Frank P. Deering
presided, with charming grace and dig
nity. Altogether the meeting was ore
of the largest and most animated that
this representative clirb-ffas held..
' The arrangements were under the I
charge of Edward Mills Adams, secre- \
tary of the union. Among those pres
ent were V. M. Alvord. F. A. Andrews.
L. D. Bishop, J. 1 R. Buchanan, H. H.
Burton Jr.. W. E. Cahlll, Albert L. !
Clark, George. H. Clute, C. O. Esterly, |
Alfred C. B. Fletcher, John Fletcher. '
W. N. Gabriel, Charles H. Ham, Dr!
L. F. Harvey. N. S. Kelsey, H. P.
Mathews, E.. A. Palmer, C. E. Parkin
son. H. S. Pond. F.'S. Ray, J. B. Rich-!
ardson, J. B. Sawyer, H. N. Shoecraft, j
Dr. E. R. Sill. Sidney V. Smith. R.
Spaldlng, A. R. Traphagen. Professor |
E. J. Wickson. Dr. Sidney Worth. Pro- |
fessor. Charles Mills Gayley, Edward |
Mills Adams, Joseph Naphtaly and t
Hon. George Partridge. |
The Pacific \P8i Upsilon Union cele
brated the seventieth anniversary of
the foundation of the fraternity by a
dinner last evening at the California
Hotel, in accordance with its custom.
The union is an association of Pacific t
Coast members of the fraternity who '
are graduates of ' universities having"!
chapters of the fraternity. It has a I
membership of seventy-seven. Sidney '
V. Smith acted as toastmaster at the I
dinner. Resolutions of sorrow at th\» !
death of Brothers R ov . Charles A.
Buckbee and Professor L. D. 8yle were
adopted. Remarks were made by Sid
ney-' V. Smith and Edward Mills j
Adams. ,
Pacific Coast Graduates of the Two
State Universities Gather Around
Festal Board.
PACIFIC- PSI UPSILON
UNION GIVES A DINNER
Wi!lie Waddell, 10 years of age and
living at S19 Sacramento street, quar
reled with Thomas Can. another boy,
in Prospect place yesterday and stab
bed Can on the face with a pocket
knife, at the same time cutting his own
hand in two places. Waddell claimed
that Can had struck him on the head
with a piece of chain en Sunday and
thnt when he met him yesterday Can
pulled the same piece of chain out of
his pocket to strike him again, when
Willie drew his^ knife, and he said Can
ran against it. Tbe arrested boy was
released on $20 cash ball.
One Boy Stabs Another.
The funeral of Mrs. Antoinette Cleve
land Aiken took place yesterday from
the Hotel Berkshire at 3 o'clock. The
presence of a large number of friends
and the wealth of florai offerings at
tested the feelings of regret and friend
ship that were held for the bere'aved
family. Rev. Dr. Guthrie read the
funeral service most impressively. The
hymns, "Lead, Kindly Light," "To Sleep
in Jesus" and ''Abide With Me." were
most effectively sung under" the direc
tion of H. J. Stewart. At the conclu T
Bion of the services the members of
the family took the 3:30 train for Cyp
ress Lawn Cemetery, where the remains
were placed in a receiving vault.
The pallbearers were M. Dundas, T.
J. Bachelor, A. F. Lawton, Charles K.
Field, Laurie Bunten and G. H. Mas
tick.
Mrs. Aiken's Funeral.
Church People Present Excellent
Show, the Proceeds of Which Go
to Building Fund.
St. Brlgid's parish gave an entertain
ment last night at the Alhambra The
aterfor the benefit of the church build
ing fund. The parish has been erecting
a new church at Broadway and Van
Ness avenue which will be one of the
finest in the city. The edifice is about
completed and the proceeds of last
night's entertainment will go to help
pay for it.
The theater was filled with an en-,
thusiastic audience which enjoyed to
the end the excellent programme, it be
ing as follows:
Trio In D minor (Andante and Finale) .. .-: ..
Mendelssohn
(For piano, violin and cello.)
Mm. S. Martinez, P. Marino, W. W>r.tsch..
Bass solo, "Due Granattleri"..t .... .Schumann
Signor AgOKto Dado.
Duo In C ' minor (Allegro) Griear
(For violin and piano.)
Mm. P. Marino and S. Martinez.
Soprano boIo,- "Peacatorl di Perle" M. Bizet
Slgnorlna Tina de Spada.
Recitation Selected
Miss Lillian Quinn.
Vocal duo. "Rondlnelle" (from "Mlgmon"!..
Thpmas
Slgnorlna de Sparta and Slgnor Dado/
Monologue, M. J. Hynes
Comic specialties r. . . .'.],., ..•
Mm./W, Bracket and E. Lambert
The committee of arrangements was
composed of William O'Nell, B. M.
Power, F. B.'Duffleld, James R. Kenzei
and B. O'Donnell.
ST. BRIGID'S PARISH
GIVES ENTERTAINMENT
WASHINGTON, Nov. Hi.—Represen
tative Stevens of Texas to-day offered
a resolution directing the Secretary of
the Interior to report to the House the
result of the investigation into the land
fraud cases. The resolution recites
that it is currently reported that the
United States has been defrauded of
vast tracts of public lands by means of
fraudulent entries under the stone,
desert, timber and homestead acts and
that public officials have entered into
unlawful arrangements to obtain pos
session of the public lands. The reso
lution reciting the fact that the exist
ence of lan<3 frauds 'Is officially ad
mitted calls' for specific details, includ
ing natnes, dates and places.
Representative Stevens of Texas
Wants Details of Investigation.
TO PROBE LAND FRAUDS.
Victor Ferran. W. F. Cody. F. VT. Hlllman,
Mias Isabel Davis, Miss Lillian Douslas, Miss
Helen Darling. Miss Elsa Tolon, F. Rembach.
Miss' Irene .Stenerson, Herman Wenzel, Mies
Martha Barthel. Hedwig Muller, Joe Fritx and
J: O.. Detterbeck-
The audience was highly delighted
With the programme and , among the
very successful exponents of comedy
art was Miss Elsa Tolon, who was be
wltchingly. captivating in ; the role of
Marie in a pretty sketch with th.e at
mosphere of the Franco-German war.
Miss Tolon, as the French girl, sang
and danced and merrily flirted with the
German < soldier, Frederlch Wilhelm
Schulze, a part most capably played
by, F. Hembach.
"Chums," the one-act farce, and the
German comedy, "Das Schwerdt des
Damokles," were admirably presented.
Those who took part in the enter
tainment were: / .
, Madame Fabbrl. Mueller gave her
third subscription theatrical perform
ance in English and German last night
at Golden Gate Hall. So popular have
Madame Mueller's entertainments be^
come in the city- that neither fog. nor
rain can dampen the enthusiasm of her
many friends. —
Bright English Farce and Clever Ger
man Comedy Delight a Large
Audience.
ENTERTAINMENT GIVEN BY
MADAME FABBRI MUELLER
VISALIA. Nov. 24.— Horace Brad
shaw, alias W. J. Foster, is in the
County Jail in this city on a charge of
murder. His mind is giving way under
a heavy strain. In a half demented
condition he confessed to the officers
that he killed a man named Thompson,
in Rabun County, Georgia. December
13, 1301, near Cross Roads Schoolhouse.
Bradshaw t,ays he and a man named
Monte York were on the road from the
schoolhouse, where vacation exercises
had been held. They met Thompson,
who was a spotter on moonshiners.
Bradshaw and Thompson got into a
quarrel and made threats. Bradshaw
says he thought Thompson was going
to draw a gun to ehuot and he (Brad
shaw) got his gun out first and shot
Thompson twice, killing him instantly.
Bradshaw is held pending instructions
from the Sheriff of Rabun County,
Georgia.
Confession About a
Shooting. '
Prisoner in the Visalia Jail Makes a
TELLS THE OFFICERS
HE KILLED A GEORGIAN
According to the complaint Emmel
died intestate November 1. 1900. The
following day Mrs. McDonald, under
the name of Burke, applied for and se
cured letters of administration upon
his estate. In the following February,
representing that she was the only heir,
she asked that the estate be distributed
to her and her petition was granted.
Mrs. O'Connor says she was not noti
fied of the proceedings and therefore
could not take any steps to prevent tho
alleged fraud upon the court. She says
that since her sister secured possession
of the property she has collected rents
amounting to '$704, and she asks for
judgment for half of that sum and to
be declared an owner of a on«-half in
terest in the realty.
In a complaint to set aside a decree
of distribution in the estate of Conrad
Emmel, filed yesterday by Mrs. Lillla
O'Connor (nee Emmel), she makes
serious charges against her sister,
Amelia McDonald, administratrix ot
the estate. Mrs. O'Connor accuses her
sister of deceiving the court and by
representing that she was the sole heir
of Emmel. securing distribution to her
of his entire estate, which consisted of
a lot with improvements on Clara
street, near Fifth.
Lillie O'Connor Says Amelia McDon
ald Obtained Her Father's Estate
by Practice of Fraud.
CHARGES SISTER WITH
DECEIVING THE COUET
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 24.—Investiga
tion to-day by the authorities of the.
story told by the captain of the Ger
man ship Octavia, which arrived yes
terday, to the effect that three mem
bers of her crew had been poisoned. by
the sailmaker out of revenge disclosed
the fact that the captain, while he may
have believed the story, magnified the
truth. He still asserts that he believes
that the sailmaker was responsible for
the death of the three seamen who
were burled at sea three weeks ago,
but when asked for his evidence, he
could produce none.
Inquiry among members of the
crew showed that the poisoning of
three sailors and the first officer was
an accidental result 'of a drunken ca
rousal, in which many members of the
crew participated. The part that the
sailmaker had in it was that he discov
ered where the men could obtain whis
ky and piloted a number of them into
the hold. They became intoxicated and
while In that condition three of them
got into a portion of the cargo contain-,
ing carbolic acid and, mistaking it for
whisky, they swallowed the poison and
died. The first officer took only a small
portion of the acid, not sufficient to kill
him, but still sufficient" to make him a
very sick man, and he is still far from
well. The Federal authorities here are
now satisfied that the only punishment
which can be meted out to the sail
maker is such as may be imposed fgr
breaking into the cargo and violating
orders.
Captain of the Ship Octavia Unable
to Prove Murder Was
Intended.
POISONING AT SEA
RESULT OF ACCIDENT
BERLIN. Nov. 24.— The frivolous
game of "My Aunt and Your Aunt," a
simplification of baccarat, with the
Minister of Justice occasionally keeping
the bank, has corrupted society at Ol
denburg, capital of the Grand Ducky
of Oldenburg, according to testimony in
a libel suit brought by the minister
against a schoolmaster. Dr. Rios, who
disclosed the extent of the gambling.
The testimony proved that nearly all
the judges and the State's Attorney of
Oldenburg had during fifteen to twenty
v'ears been zealous devotees of the
goddess of chance; that the stakes
reached as h!j?h as ?25O and that the
players often borrowed money, even
from visitors.
GAME 01 CHANCE CLAIMS
VICTIMS IN HIGH LIFE
My Aunt and Your Aunt" Corrupts
Society in Grand Duchy
of Oldenburg.
Sir John for a long time had been
suffering from Bright's disease and
heart trouble. The deceased Baronet
was a typical figure in this busy age.
He was with equal success a business
man, race horse owner, country squire
and member of Parliament. At the age
of 16 years he commenced business in
his father's small furniture shop, which
gradually developed into . its present
huge proportions. His title was a re
ward for political services to the-Un
ionists. Hardly an election has been
held In the metropolis for .many years
without Sir- John personally driving
voters to the polls in a four-horse
coach. His exposure of the remount
scandals In the South African war was
one of the earliest movements toward
the reform of the War Office. Few men
played a more promirient" part in the
racing world than Sir John Maple in
the last two decades. He headed the
list of winning owners in 1902 and had
the largest racing stud in the United
Kingdom, but the aristocratic Jockey
club persistently denied him admit
tance, presumably on account of his
connection with business, until last
September, when It was already known
that his illness must be .fatal.
Sir John gave large' sums in benefac
tions, notably $600,000 to the University
College Hospital. His only child is the
wife of Baron von Eckhardsteln, first
secretary of the German embassy in
London.
LONDON, Nov. 24.— Sir John Blun
dell Maple, bart., M. P., is dead. He
was born in 1845.
Strenuous Baronet of
England Victim of
Disease.
FORT SMITH, Ark., Nov. 24.—Thir
teen miners were killed and great dam
age was done by an accidental explo
sion of gas to-day in coal mine No. 20
at Bonanza, Ark., twenty miles from
this city. At nightfall only six of the
victims had been recovered.
The explosion occurred at 1 o'clock
this afternoon: There were about 175
men in the various shafts at the time.
All escaped without injury except thir
teen. The force of the explosion was
terrific and timbers were torn from the
walls' of the passages for several hun
dred yards.' The passages were so com
pletely obstructed that the work of res
cuing the entombed men was tedious
in the extreme and several hours were
consumed before- the first body was
found. . ...... _,
It is thought that the gas was acci
dentally Ignited by a miner's lamp.
Fatal Gas Explosion Oc
curs in Arkansas
Goal Pit.
In compliance with the orqer of the I
District Council of Painters a 1 vote will J
be taken next Monday evening by the j
unions affected by the proposed raise
of wages in which the varnishers, pol
ishers, paint burners and fresco paint
ers are concerned.
Butchers' Union No. 115 announces I
that all meat markets will be closed I
Thanksgiving day. The union has do
nated $100 to the striking slaughterers '
W Los Angeles and $50 has been do- :
nated to the sausage makers of Chl-j
cago. i
A. F. Breslin. president of the union, "}
has been elected a delegate to the con- \
vehtion of the State Federation of i
Labor to be held at Fresno, January!
4. 1904. i
The condition In the affairs of the !
locked-out . cloakmakers has not •
changed and from the present outlook '
there does not seem to be the slightest j
chance of the employers acceding to j
the demands of their late employes.
The employers consider that it is un
fair that their help should elect to de
sert them on a Saturday afternoon at
4 o'clock, an hour they submit when
many customers come to their stores
to have their garments fitted. The
employers claim that it wouid be im- j
possible to have alterations made for |
purchasing customers if all the girls j
leave work Saturday arternoons at the >
time specified In the demands. It is I
said that th^ firms affected have com- !
blned with the object of resisting the!
demand. :
A demand for a raise of 20 per cent
on their wages is to be made by em
ployes of Wells, Fargo & Co. Every
man from the senior messenger to the
stablemen has entered a combination
in making the demand, which is to be
pushed forward by the International
Union of Railway Expressmen. Jan
uary 1 next is the date fixed for the
demand to go into effect.
There is no change in the position of
the paperbox makers, who are out on
strike, and there seems little likelihood
of the employers acceding to the de
mands made upon them.
The contemplated consolidation of all
the laundries. of the city has caused a
good deal of uneasiness in the Laundry
Wagon Drivers' Union. Tha drivers
feel that there is likely to be trouble
from the consolidation "should there be
a strike or any difference of opinion be
tween themselves and any one of the
many laundries.
EMPLOYES OF WELLS-FARGO
TO DEMAND HIGHER WAGES
Laundry Wagon Drivers' Union "Un
easy Because of Contemplated Con
solidation of Laundries.
WOOD BATTLING WITH MOROS
Insurgent Position on Hills of Jolo
Stormed and Captured.
MANILA. Nov. 24.— General Wood ]
captured the Morn position in the hills j
of J.-lo. north of Taglibi. on the 20Ui j
inst. and destroyed the earthworks the ]
insurgents had thrown up there. Fii- j
vate Martin Brennan of the Fourteenth |
Cavalry was killed during: the engage- ]
ment. and two other privates were
wounded, one seriously. The loss on
the Moro side Is known to have been
seventy-five killed, but it was probabiy
more, • as the ground is covered by
brush end bodies are hard to find.
The expedition has returned to Jolo.
and, pending an investigation. General
Wood says that- eo far as he can se«»
there will be no more trouble or oppo
sition «5n the part of the Sultan's men
who lfd the fighting. According to his j
understanding, this action on the part j
of the Moros abrogates the Bates |
treaty.
About half way down thi slope is
another outbreak that Is always at
tending to business. Near the sum
mit, perhaps one-tenth the distance
down from the summit to the. inter
section", is one that has been, seen five
or six times, but Is not so constantly
active as the others. It seoms to be
some distance beyond the ridge. Then
three-fourths the distance down is a
smaller one, which at times sends up
quite a quantity of smoke, bui Is not
always visible. East of the Intersec
tion spoken of, about three weeks ago,
there was a large volume of smoke ris
ing for about four hours, when clouds
intervened and it has not been clear
there since. The upper three-fourths
of the slope is frequently quite clear
between daylight and sunup, and oc
casionally between 1 and 4 o'clock p. m.
HONOLULU, Nov. 18.— News from
the volcano on the island of Hawaii
shows that its activity is increasing
and its fires are growing more brilliant.
From the first day of the outbreak at
Mokuaweoweo there has constantly
been one outbreak a day and sometimes
two. As seen from Kaupo the eastern
slope of Mauna Loa* and the western
slope of Mauna Kea intersect at nearly
a half way point between the summits,
with perhaps the longer distance
toward Mauna Loa. From th« first day,
when there were no clouds intervening.
Mokuaweoweo has been distinctly in
evidence. *
VOLCANO ON HAWAII
INCREASES IN ACTIVITY
Fires Are Growing in Brilliancy and
Eruptions Are of Daily
Occurrence.
When Captain Marmion arrived at
Samana and later at Sanchez he filed
a protest with the insurgent govern
ment. He was told that his steamer
had been- taken for one of the Domin
ican gunboats.
"We were entering the west channel
when I heard the report and a shell
Whistled over my head. The channel Is
very narrow and the shore rises into a
hirrh bluff. I pretended that I had un
derstood the shot for a salute., and or
dered' the quartermaster to blow three
whistles. Then we went In as fast as
we could, because the channel was too
narrow to turn around."
.United States Minister Powell in
formed the revolutionary chiefs that
periodical revolutions ought to coase,
because . they interrupted commercial
relations with other countries and aug
mented 'thV'debt' of San Domingo,
which was without means to pay for
eign creditors. The Minister said,
further, that these periodical revolu
tions endangered the peace of his Gov
ernment and of the governments of
other nations and that the present rev
olution, if continued, would imperil the
sovereignty of San Domingo.
| NEW, YORK, Nov. 21.— the Clyde line
steamship New York arrived here to
day from Dominican ports, at one of
which, Samana, the steamship was fired
Upon by .insurgents. The New York
touched at all the other ports of the isl
and: wlthout.,being molested, although
at the capital, San Domingo, . she was
exposed to Hie firing between the Gov
ernment and insurgent forces. —11
¦The New- York' was entering the .-bay
of Samana at 4; O'clock in th^monfing
on ..November ,11 yhen a shot%asf jpfred
close ' tb"'t. ! hV"sh'U>' fromathe'^ insurgent
fort. Captain Marmiori of the New
York said:
CAPE HAYTIEN, Nov. 24.—Dis
patches received . here from Puerto
Plata say that the city of San Domin
go was' surrendered to the revolution
ists this morning and. that President
Wos y Gil and his Ministers took refuge
on board a German warship. The dis
patches'further say that great enthus
iasm prevails there. . .
i WASHINGTON; Nov. 24.— In a cable
gram received to-day from Minister
Powell, dated San Domingo, Novem
ber 23, he announced that the President
of San Domingo, had agreed to sur
render" the city' to the revolutionists'.
The articles of capitulation are being
drawn up. The surrender, thfe cable
gram said, will occur to-dav.'
SAN DOMINGO, Monday.* Novem
ber 23.— President Wos y Gil requested
the. Ministers of the United. States, Bel
gium, Hayti and Spain to Intervene in
behalf of : the Government. The In
surgents refused to accept the terms of
fered and. demanded the immediate
capitulation of the city.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Clyde Line Steamship New York Is
Fired Upon by 'Rebel Fort While
Entering Samana
Harbor. ; „
when this course is taken some charges
will be presented to the Senate which
the committee has excluded from the
testimonies. From the attitude of Sen
ators opposed to the confirmation of
General Wood It Is certain that a de
mand will bo made for the appointment
of a sub-committee to go to Cuba to
inquire personally into several of the
charges. Major Rathbone to-day reit
erated his determination to go to Cuba
at the same time for* the purpose of
pointing out sources of information
which form the bases of many of his
charges.
Opponents of the confirmation of
General Wood openly express the opin
ion that the Military Affairs Commit
tee will report the nomination favora
bly to the Senate, but declare that
r^-ssion that probably more than two
\. eclcs woul-J be occupied in hearing the
witnesses ;he-* committee already has
determined to summon. Then if, as is
generally believed, a committee is
ramod to %o to Cuba, an adjournment
probably will be taken until some time
rest March, which is considered the
best time to visit the islands.
ruminated by the President to be ma
jor ccscxaL An adjournment was
ial:on until 11 o'clock on Friday, when
Major Bcndc will be the first witness.
It was said at the close of the last
WASHINGTON. Nov. 24.— Two • ses
sions trere hold to-day by the sub-com
mittee of the Senate Committee on Mil
itary Affairs, which is investigating the
vhaije as.iinsl General Leonard Wood,
¦ «
B3 Preferred on .floor
of Upper House. .
Charges Against, General to
In all $2250 was secured and Marks
says the money was evenly divided
among the three men.
Harvey Vandine and Peter Neider
meier are named by Marks as his ac
complices in the car barn murders. Ac
cording to Marks' story the fhree men
went into the office of the railway com
pany for the purpose of robbery. Marks
pays that when he ordered the men to
throw up their hands they obeyed, but
Xeidermeier burst in the window, of
the office and commenced shooting.
Vandine then broke down the door with
a sledgehammer, Marks says, and went
into the office and took all the money
he could find.
CHICAGO, Nov. 24.— The mystery
surrounding the hold-up of the cash
ier's office of the Chicago City Rail
way last August, during which two of
the employes of the office were shot
and killed without warning, was clear
ed up to-day by the confession of Gus
tave Mark?, who was arrested last Sat
urday nisht for the murder of Detec
tive John Quinn, whom MarkB shot
down while trying to escape arrest.
Marks confessed to-night that. in ad
dition to the two murders at the car
barns he had been connected with four
other murders since that time. All of
these crimes were similar in character
to the killings In the barn, being the
robbing and shooting of men on- the
streets and in saloons.
Mott, who has been living at Ama
lia for some time, is said to have been
acting strangely, but not to the extent
of attracting any particular attention
to himself. On Saturday last, how
ever, he became involved in an alter
cation at Mojave. Words were follow
ed by blows and it is alleged that Mott
was struck on the forehead and
knocked down.
Since that time the injured man has
been subject to a most peculiar af
fliction, is power of speech seems not
to be connected with the brain and his
replies In answer to questions are never
to the point. He seems hot to have an
understanding of what passes around
him so far as his ability is concerned
to express his impressions by speech,
yet he is able to answer all written
questions by writing his replies. He
has an occasional convulsion and fits
of violence.
Mott is a man of education and
means. He has valuable mining prop
erty in this county and is said to have
real estate in South Dakota and Chi
cago, where he formerly had a lucra
tive law practice. His friends have
been notified of his condition.
BAKERSFIELD. Nov. 24.— R. S.
Mott, who is said to be a lawyer of re
pute and whose former home was ¦ in
Chicago, is detained in the county jail
here as the result of a seeming mental
affliction that is puzzling the physi
cians. v ; ;^
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SIR JOHN MAPLE
DIES IN LONDON
The engine drove the caboose' frame
into the forward oil car, which, was not
seriously injured. The engine lost its
pilot and headlight and its forward
pony truck was derailed. A construc
tion train crew, which was at work
south of Los Banos, hurried to the
scene and at 3:10 o'clock the track
was cleared. . '
LOS BANOS, Nov. . 24.— A rear-end
collision occurred one. mile « north of
Los Banos at about 10:25 o'clock this
morning between a southbound freight,
followed by an engine and caboose. No
one was seriously injured, as the crew
of the freight had time to escape.
Extra freight 2064 was followed by
light engine 2220, both trains running
on the same time. The freight broke
In two, leaving behind two tank oil
tars and the caboose, which were im
mediately stopped by the automatic air
brakes. The light engine was less than
100 yards behind and the engineer did
not at once. observe the accidept, so
his engine ran into the freight "at a
high speed, splintering the caboose,
throwing the house part into the ditch
and piling the frame and trucks on
end. The rear oil car was smashed and
overturned. - * -
Special Dispatch to The Call
As to Berkeley, where the competi
tion with the new system is keenest,
the company will attempt to further
reduce the time by putting on more
more morning and evening flyers. It la
possible that twelve' minutes will be
cut off the present schedule* by these
trains and the time-saving devices at
the mole, thus reducing the time of the
trip to within five minutes of the new
system's schedule. New cars, opening
on the side instead of at the end, like
those in use on some Eastern road3.
may be purchased and used exclusively
for ferry traffic.
MORE FLYERS PROMISED.
Of course, it was too early for Man
ager Kruttschnltt to say anything as
to the methods the Southern Pacific
will pursue to meet the competition
and he refused to commit himself when
asked his opinion on the subject. It
may be taken for granted, however,
that the company will formulate some
plan for saving itself from the inroads
of the new system.
It is understood that the old com
pany has already begun to figure on
the means for reducing the time be
tween the east and the west sides of
the bay. Among the principal innova
tions will be a new method to overcome
the time lost on the punching of tickets
at the mole and the handling cf freight
on the boats. The present ticket gates
will probably be abolished, so that pas
sengers may be transferred from the
trains to the boats without having: to
punch tickets at all, an antiquated
method that now consumes much valu
able time. The freight will be diverted
entirely from the passenger boats and
sent across the bay on separate boats,
thus effecting another saving in time.
It is believed that at least ten minutes
in time will be saved by these means.
MAY ABOLISH GATES.
That the officials of the Southern Pa
ciflc Company are worried about the
way the new ferry system la cutting
Into their receipts became patent to-day,
when General Manager Kruttsclnitt of
the old company, accompanied by Su
perintendent James Agler, W. 3.
Palmer and J. C. Wilder and J. H.
Wallace of the maintenance and way
department rode over the Berkeley lo
cal line on a tour of Inspection.
The tour was made in a private car
that was drawn over the whole length
of the line, which included stops at
Berkeley and Berryman stations. At
Berkeley station the officials alighted
and looked over th* ground. A train of
the San Francisco, Oakland and San
Jose Railway was standing at the sta
tion and in this Manager Kruttschnltt
was very much interested. Superin
tendent Palmer explained the economy
of the new system to him, pointing out
its superiority in the way of appoint
ments and the equipment for making
fast time.
Berkeley Office San Francl3co Call,
214S Center Street, Nov. 21.
THIRTEEN FIND
DEATH IN MINE
Randel, who had for years followed
his vocation In the Fresno County hills,
'was at Trimmer. Springs last Friday
with friends and stated that he was
going on a tour and would probably
return ¦ Saturday evening. He took
just one day's provisions with 'him.
When he did' not return Saturday
evening his friends became anxious.
On Sunday they were more so and on
Monday it was resolved to send out a
I searching party to look for him. The
party had been out only a few hours
yesterday morning when a part of the
old man's outfit | was . discovered near
the mouth of an old shaft. The search
ers were thus prompted to look into the
shaft, where the body, was found.
Randel had probably been dead for
several days. The supposition is that
he fell into the shaft at night. The
dead man . was . an uncle of Edward
Bush, a Hariford oil magnate.
• •M"M I I-M-H .H"I"M-M-M"M"M-#
FRESNO, Nov. 24.— The. body of J.
E. Randel, an aged prospector, - was
found early this morning in an aban
doned mining shaft on Sycamore Creek,
forty miles east of this city, by a party
of friends who. were searching for him.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
President ,Wos y Gil Finds
Refuge on a German
! Warship. \ !
Old Company Is Planning
Time-Saving Device ;
for Ferries.
Telh Police Who Helped in
Robbery Which Co3t
Two Lives.
Seeming Mental .Affliction
Connected With Alter
cation.
Friends.
Uncle, of Oil Magnate Found
Lifeless by Anxious
Railroad Froperty Damaged
in Accident Near Los
Banos.
Capital City Is Taken by
the Besieging
Forces.
Queer Condition of a
Well-to-Do Man at
Bakersfleld. '
Man Who Held Up Cash
ier at Chicago Car
Barn Confesses. \
K.L.hbone Will Go With
Senate Committee
to Cuba.
Crew of a Freight Train
Escapes From a
Collision.:
Aged Prospector, Top
ples to Death in
the. Night.
Officials of the Southern
Pacific Look Over
Ground.
ENGINE SMASHES
INTO A CABOOSE
DOMINICAN
INSURGENTS
VICTORIOUS
ADMITS SHARE
IN SIK MURDERS
JAIL INMATE
AMAZES DOCTORS
SEARCHERS FIND
BODY IN SHAFT
INSPECT RIVAL
COMPANY'S LINE
WOOD'S ENEMIES
ARE IMPLACABLE
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, KOAvEMXJER 25, 1903.
BERLIN. Nov. 24.—An imperial decree »
has been issued assembling the Reich- '
stag on December 3,
, BERLIN.' Nov. 2 4— Emperor • William
intends to lead the annual court hunt in
the Letzlingen forest on December 3» '
SALT LAKE. Utah, Nov. 24.— Two
rhoekB of earthquake were felt in this
c!ty early this morning. No serious
damsi-e w as done.
Earthquake Jars Salt Lake City.
; ASTORIA. Or., Nov. -21.— While the
i steamer Columbia was, coming down
| the river from Portland to-day one of
j her sailors. William": Biddlesford. fell
I overboard and was drowned. Biddies-
I ford. lived in San Francisco.
Sailor on Columbia' Drowned.
Moody Commends Hubbard.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21.— Secretary
Moody has addressed a letter, of com
mendation to Commander John Hub
bard of the cruiser Nashville and the
men under his command in connection
wittf recent events at Colon. >
GLASGOW, ; Mont., Nov. 24.—Passen
ger train No. 3 on {the Great ', Northern
was' wrecked at Lanark, I about 100 miles
east* of here, this v evening.: Engineer
Hoey and" Fireman Taylor were* killed.
Seven coacbis were ditched^ ; ' - ..;
4The Superior Court decided against
the bank and appeal was taken to the
State Supreme Court, with the same re
sult. Yesterday Tobin &. Tobin. for the
Hlbernia Bank, petitioned the Supreme
Court for a writ of error in order to
bring the case before the country's
highest tribunal in that manner. Chief
Justice Beatty denied the petition and
the matter will now be carried directly
to" the United States Supreme Court.
The amount involved is small.
The Hibernla Savings and Loan So
ciety will appeal to the United States
Supreme Court in an effort to recover
the amount of certain taxes paid to the
Assessor of San Francisco. In 1899 the
bank was taxed for a treasury check
Issued in payment of Interest on Gov
ernment, bonds. It was argued " that
the assessment was illegal In that the
money was the property of the Gov
ernment.
Steps Are Taken to Carry Tax Case
to the United States Supreme
Court.
HIBERNTA BANK WILL
NOT GIVE UP BATTLE
DOCTORS SAY
IT WAS MURDER
Salinas Rancher's Skull
Shows Evidence of
Violence.
SALINAS, Nov. 24.— "Alex Cartler
was murdered with some heavy instru
ment, such as an iron bar or ax." :
This was the verdict of the physi
cians here who had. been requested by
Sheriff Nesbltt to examine the frag
ments of skull found on the San Juan
hills. The fracture, they declared,
showed conclusively that death was
due to violence. The physicians also
declare that it would be an impossibil
ity for the bones composing the skull
to be crushed as those exhibited were
by a fall of twenty feet. .
Further developments to-day, showed
that Cartler had when he disappeared
$250 in gold and silver in a buckskin
pouch, a heavy gold watch and chain,
a double-barreled shotgun and, several
small trinkets. -These, cannot be found.
He sufrered from. muscular rheumatism
and was J unable . to . walk even a', short
distance unless aided..- It -.would have
been impossible ; for him. to have gone
to the spot where the body was found.
.The officers are now working on the
theory, that he was murdered with an
ax near his home and that the body
was carried - to the cliff "and placed
there^ . -
Incompatibility. of temper, causing di
vorce and - domestic -_troubles, . may be
avoided' by using gas for fuel. It makes
home so comfortable that troubles can
not^ come.- Buyyour .- range ' from San
Francisc6 Gas and Electric Company, 415
Post street. . ,, • .
'James Duke, the : tobacco magnate, re
ceives a- salary of $100,000 a year. He
says that all this t money is given him,
not ; for what he does, but for the mis
takes which he does not make. ' i :•;
MILWAUKEE. Nov. 24. — Charles
Cook, former Alderman, was arrested to
night charged with soliciting and ac
cepting a bribe of J1000 from John E.
Fitxgerald of the Milwaukee Boiler Com
pany, in connection with an ordinance.
BAKERSFIELD, Nov. 24.— The fate
of Alfred W. Hulse, the companion of
Outlaw McKlnney, is now In the hands
of the Jury. To-day the case was
argued by Attorneys Alfred and Laird
for the defense and prosecution respect
ively. Their speeches occupied the en
tire day. .,-..-!
Judge~ Mahon began his charge to the
Jury after 5. o'clock this evening. He
instructed the Jury that It was not
necessary for the defendant to account
for every minute of his time in estab
lishing an alibi ] and that it le a prin
ciple' of the law. that "It Is better for
ninety-nine guilty men to escape than
for one Innocent man to suffer."
At 10:30 o'clock there were no signs
jit a verdict being rendered and Judge
Mahon retired, announcing that he
would receive a verdict in the morning.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
Bakersfield Judge May
Receive Verdict This
Morning.
FATE OF HULSE
WITH THE JURY
TURKEYS BRING HIGH
PRICES IN NEW YORK
With Ducks and Geese the Thanks
giving Bird Is Selling at Thirty
Cents a Pound.
NEW YORK, Nov. 24.— Turkeys will
be a. luxury to most New York people
this year. The price is almost a record
breaker. Turkeys, geese and ducks are
selling at 30 cents a pound in the city
markets, or 10 'cents higher than In 1901.
The price of all classes of poultry has
risen steadily this week, even chickens
being almost at a prohibitive figure.
Eggs also have risen so far as prices
are concerned, being quoted at 40 cents
a dozen. Poultry raisers, to take ad
vantage of the scarcity in turkeys, are
killing their chickens to get the big
prices.
SAVANNAH, Ga., Nov. 24.— In the
United States' court to-day Edward J.
McRee and William McRee of Valdosta
entered a plea of guilty to thirteen'In
dictments charging them with peonage,
and Judge, Speed sentenced them to
pay a fine of $1000 in two of j the cases
and suspended sentence in the others.
The fines will be paid.
Plead Guilty to Peonage.
The Supervisors' Printing Cpmmlttee
yesterday awarded- the contract for
printing the revised- ordinances tothe
Hlester Printing Company, the lowest
bidder; at $1 13% per page for 1700 vol
umes. ¦ '¦'¦
Awards Printing Contract.
HARRIMAN OFFICIALS ARE
HEADING FOR THE WEST
Will Participate in Ceremony of
DriVing Last Spike of Lucin
.. ".¦:-. Cut-Off.
OMAHA, Neb., Nov. 24.— A special
train of nine private cars carrying rail
road officials of the Harriman lines and
other railroads started West early to
day over the Union Pacific road en
route to " Ogden, near which city the
ceremony attending the driving of the
last .spike of the Lucin cut-off on the
Central Pacific will take place on
Thanksgiving day. Included in the par
ty were' President E. H. Harriman of
the. Southern Pacific and party, Presi
dent A. J. Earling and a number of
Milwaukee officials; J. T. Hanrahan,
second vice president, and several other
officers of the Illinois Central; General
Manager, Holdredge and a- number of
local Burlington Railroad men; General
Traffic Manager J. C. Stubbs and par
ty, including Freight Traffic Manager
Monroe and .General Passenger Agent
Lomax; President Burt and a party of
Union Paclflc officials, Including Chief
Engineer Berry and General Solicitor
Kelly;. General Advertising Agent Al
fred Darlow and a number of news
paper men. * •, C w,
/At Salt Lake the train will be met by
a large party of Southern Paclflc offi
cials, who will also be, present at the
ceremony, j The train will reach Ogden
Wednesday evening.
TUBERCULOSIS SURRENDERS
TO • OPEN AIR TREATMENT
Out of 127 Patients 84 Are Dis
. charged Cured and Only
¦ ' Eleven Die. ; : -
NEW YORK, Nov. 24.— The "open
air"'"treatment for tuberculosis started
by the .health department on North
Brother i Island has, proved a success,
say the. physicians who have watched
the ' experiments. A hospital , for the
treatment of the disease was estab
lished on the island, and out of 127 pa
tients < who , entered the , institution six
months ago eighty-four, have been dis
charged as cured and only eleven are
under ; treatment now.. Eleven have
died. The mortality, is placed at 25 per
cent, twhlch . is a low average .when , it
is considered only, the worst cases have'
come to the Island. Pure air, sunshine,
good ?food ; and absence of worry have
been : the principal . factors In attaining
these results.' . <^^^ . x*' : :
"The intense", love of the ; Filipinos for
music; Is, notably, shown in '.their funerals,
their home 'entertainments* and in .their
theaters.^ The Filipino' voice is small and
thin," but ; it : makes up the ! deficiency , in
shrillness. .
The wills of Robert L. Sherwood of
the firm of Sherwood & Sherwood, who
died November 22, and Brainard W.
Rowley, editor of the California Fruit
Grower, who dropped dead in his office
on the 23d lnst., were filed for probate
yesterday. Both men left estates ex
ceeding $10,000 in value.
Sherwood provides that one-half of
his estate shall go to his sister, Dora
Sherwood Chapman, and the other half
to Mrs. Chapman and W. R. Sherwood,
executrix and executor of the will. In
trust for his daughter, Xadlne Sher
wood, now living in Marysvllle. In the
event of the death of his daughter her
share Is to go to Mrs. Chapman.
Rowley leaves his entire estate to his
widow, Mary E. Rowley, trusting to
her to care for his two sons, R. Lloyd
and Howard C. Rowley. The last
named has applied for the appointment
as executor of the will, his mother,
was named as such in the document,
having declined to serve.
Merchant and Editor Leave Estates
Exceeding $10,000 in Value to
Their Immediate Relatives.
WILLS OF SHERWOOD
AND ROWLEY ARE TTLED
The Judge said he desired to hear
argument in the preliminary matter
as to the richt of the defendant to In
quire as to what took place before the
Grand Jury and the attorneys could go
into the issue of the motion afterward.
The point was of the gravest import r
ance and he wanted It fully argued.
Campbell agreed to allow Ach to
make the opening argument and Ach's
associate, Peter F. Dunne, to close.
Ach spoke for two hours and a half
till his voice failed him. He quoted
numerous authorities and decisions in
support of his contention that, the do
ings of the Grand Jury were subject to
review. The argument will be resumed
this morning at 9:30 o'clock.
WANTS POINT ARGUED.
CAMPBELL GIVES WARNING.
Attorney Campbell retorted that he
did not want to talk Just to hear him
self talk and hoped counsel would re
frain from ' indulging In personalities
because he would give him notice that
he was better than a raw hand him
self at that sort of thing and would
give counsel all that he wanted. He
contended there was only one propo
sition and that was, could they con
sider these affidavits under the motion
to get aside the indictment? • Did they
In any way support the motion? He
disclaimed any Intention of sidetrack,
ing the defendant.
The Judge said he wanted to be ad
vised as to how far they could inquire
as to what actually took place before
the Grand Jury. Was not that es
sentially a question of law? , If the pro
ceedings before the Grand Jury were
eacred It was the province of the court
to safeguard Its interests.
When the case of Herman Eppinger
was called Attorney J. C. Campbell,
counsel for the people, renewed his ob
jection to the affidavits filed In support
of the motion to quash the Indictment.
He desired to submit authorities on
the question and said. If his objection
was well taken it* would obviate the
necessity of going into the merits of
the motion. His objection was that. the
affidavits were irrevelant, Immaterial
and did not tend to support the motion.
Attorney Henry Ach objected strong
ly for the defendant to any argument
being made on the objection. made, by
Campbell, as he contended it 1 would be
placing the defendant in a false posi
tion. He wanted the argument on the
motion to be proceeded with. He spoke
In a sarcastic vein.
Counsel for Herman and Jacob Ep
plnger of the bankrupt " firm of Ep
plnger & Co., charged with obtaining
money by false pretenses, are determ
ined that the case shall not go to, trial
without a - struggle. Judgo Lawlor's
time was occupied all yesterday after
noon In listening to the arguments of
counsel on a point as to the defend
ants' right to inquire as to what took
place before the Grand Jury prior to
the finding of the indictments against
the defendants. The Judge wanted that
point decided before hearing the argu
ments on the motion on behalf of Her
man Epplnger to quash the indictment.
The arguments were not concluded
when court adjourned. Both defend
ants were in court, but sat far apart.
RENEWS OBJECTION.
Argument Partly Heard Be
fore Superior Judge
tawlor.
Jamea Kavanaugh, a saloon-keeper
at 1SE2 Folso-2; -street, endeavored to re
pair a financial- loss of $2 by beating J.
J. TZz.£l:sh on the head with * catsup
bottle. The quality of the catsup was
not argued when the case came before
Judge Cabaniss. The mere fact that It
was used as a weapon instead of a con
diment appeared in the testimony. The
complaining witness works in - a glass
factory and a fellow workman had be
come indebted ;o the saloon-keeper In
the sum of two large American dol
lars. When English came in to buy a
¦drink and had absorbed it after pay-
Ing the stipulated price, Kavanaugh
recalled the incident of the 52 owed
him by the fellow workman and de
clared that all glass workers were
"bums." Against such a summary
generalization English made a mild
protest and the incident of the catsup
bottle followed. The, Judge concluded
that the complaining witness was en
titled to some reparation for having
Patrick Doyle is an ancient man who,
by faTor of the Harbor Commissioners,
ekes out a. slender living by selling pea-
Tnts and popcorn in front of the ferry
building. Dally foregather there drivers
of transfer -cn^jons and hackmen with
J2.UOOUS voices. In their rough way
they have made life miserable for the
j-oor, old man, who Is trying to make a
Jiving' for hlrnsslf- All the depleted
Btreagth of his^Iung* has been used up
la blowing iris police whistle to prevent
pretended ?rsaults from these brawny
young men who pester him. Ser
gftam Moon^y advised r,im to have one
of them arrested and Jie followed the
id vice. J. P. Beck was the "fall guy"
for the croVrd and he appeared before
JudgiFritx yesterday. He tried to Im
press on tb« court the Immensity of the
Joke that was played on the old man,
but Judge Fritz developed an unac
countable lack of humorous sense in
this particular case. While there was
really no charge upon which to punish
the (• fendant. the- Judge made it clear
to him and his fellows that an old man
gaining a living was not a legitimate
object of torment. Whenever Patrick
Doyle is bothered again he will find full
solace in Judg'/ Fritz's court.
Pierrot erd Columbine were heard
beiors Jndse Fritz yesterday. This
cay socsd 2ika an anachronism, ba
c&usa the two lovers mimed before
Nero, pirouetted when Charlemagne
resJed la £is test between battles and
have. plAT»3 their little comedy and
?rac&Jy silica the world began. But
they really appeared again before
Judge Fritz under th« names of George
W. Avis, who In L>atin -would ba "a
bird." a=d Uttle Martha. Murray, who
vas pttac^ally represented by her
father. Avla cam© to the city two
years tr-, fresh from tha laurels and
damp, siclst heat of a campaign In
iha Philippine*. Hera he found Ms Co
lurn.bJne In Ui« person of Martha Mur
ray, 1£ years of age. Doiiag all tne
weary months he has laid outside the
palace doors, as represented by- the
parental residence of the girl, -waiting
for slg^i of her. Occasionally she came
forth, but the lover, abashed, allowed
her to pass -without accosting her. Aa
a modern resource, Pierrot took advan
tage cX the postal service and in a
series d well written letters he told
Col-trm'bine the wondrous secret of his
love for her. Dismayed, she handed
iha epistles over to her father and he
had a warrant issued for the ardent
6wain. There was nothing criminal In
the method of wooing. Judge Fritz
concluded, but he told Avis -not to
¦bother his Immature Columbine any
longer aad then 1st him go.
• • ¦ •
Old man Mueller was given six
months !n the County Jail yesterday
by Judge Mogan. He Is venerable in
appearar.ee, but bad at heart. He fre
quently represented himself as the
father of some prominent man and bor
i rowed $3 and $10 from various saloon
! keepers. When the putative sons wan
i dered in to relieve their thirsts the pro
! prietor would take them quietly to one
side and whisper: "Say, the old man
had a stew on about a week ago and
I save h!m a flver." Some of them
were horrified to think that their re
spectable parents had left the family
fireside to get drunk in a saloon and
others assured the proprietors that for
years and years their parental progeni
tors had been in their graves. Then
the saloon-keepers commenced to look
for the benevolent old gentleman who
borrowed money when his load was
heavy... Captain Martin found him one
night. In court it developed that Herr
Mueller had served several sentences
/or petty larceny and the Police De
partment was treasuring his photo
graph in the hope that he could be
laid away for the remainder of his
useless life in one of the State peniten
tiaries whenever he violates the statu
tory provision sufficiently to separate
his offense from misdemeanor to fel
ony.
suffered for the financial delinquencies
of anotber i and found Kavanaugh
guilty of battery. It will cost him sev
eral times more than the amount of
the unpaid account when sentence is
pronounced to-day.
a • •
Judge Cabaniss was called upon yes
terday to settle some differences be
tween the Sons of Jacob. I. Lichen
stein was one of the Sons of Jacob and
L. Ro&enberg was another of the same
household. LJchenstein keeps a store
| at 1004 Howard street and Rosenberg
carries on a business at 102S Howard
, street. Llchensteln claimed that dur
| Ing a dispute over the affairs of the
I order of th« Sons of Jacob, In which
j he occupies an exalted position, Rosen
l berg hit him on the head with a ham
mer. There was no testimony lo cor
roborate the alleged assault and Mrs.
E. Rabb swore that no particular vio
lence was offered during the course of
the argument. Judge Cabaniss dis
missed the case. "
• • •
Peter Black, a colored trooper who
loved and lost and tnen went East,
may be brought back here as a conse
quence of writing one too many letters
to the object of his affections. Julia
Kennedy, a comely quadroon, had Rich
ard Pugh arrested for cutting up lier
clothes in a fit of Jealous rage. v When
she appeared before Judge Fritz yes
terday she told him she had been mis
taken. Some days after she had sworn
out the complaint she received a letter
from Trooper Black, In which he oon
fessed he was the guilty one. He said
he was eoing East and he was afraid
that an innocent person might be pun
ished for his act. But, beyond that, he
wanted to let her know that in return
for her rebuffs he was the one who
rendered her wardrobe a desolate
waste. Judge Fritz discharged the de
fendant and immediately issued an
other warrant for Trooper Black, for
whom the police of many cities will ;
look. '•
Important Point Raised
by •Attorneys for
Eppingers.
Judge Fritz Passes on the Question of the
Ages— Catsup as Weapon Is Convicted.
Items of All Four of the Departments
ANCIENT TALE OF LOVE
TOLD IN POLICE COURT
ATTACK SECRECY
OF GRAND JURY
rrtus :sa:n fka:nci^;o : cAliv 25, 1063.
The Supreme Court decided yester
day that A. C. Soule was liable for
what he owed to the Union Collection
Company. The defendant held that
more than four years had elapsed after
the issuance of the promissory note in
dispute and that action was barred by
the statute o/ limitations. Soule was
going through insolvency proceedings
between the time he incurred the debt
and the time suit was commenced
against him, but he never secured an
order of court discharging his debts.
The Supreme Court declares that the
time consumed during the insolvency
proceedings does not count
Collector Still Pursues Him.
5
It is always best t-o get the best re-
sults from our food that some simple
and harmless digestive should be tak-
en after meals to assist- the relaxed di-
gestive organs, and several years'- ex-
perience has proven Stuart's Dyspep-
sia Tablet's to be^a very safe, pleasant'
and effective digestive and a remedy
which may be taken daily with the
best results. •
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets can hard-
ly be called a patent, medicine, as they
do not act on the bowels nor any par-
ticular organ, but only on the . food
eaten. They supply what weak stom-
achs-lack, pepsin • diastase, and by
stimulating the gastric glands- in-
crease the natural secretion of hydro-
chloric acid.
People who make a daily* practice of
taking one or two of Stuart's Dyspep-
sia Tablets after each meal. are sure to
have perfect digestion, which- means
perfect health.
There is nq danger of forming an In-
jurious habit, as the tablets contain
absolutely nothing but natural diges-
tives; cocaine, morphine and similar
drugs have no place In a stomach med-
icine, and Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
are certainly the best known and most
popular of all,- stomach remedies.
. Ask your druggist- for a .fifty-cent
package of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
arid after a week's, use note the:. im-
provement In health, appetite and
nervous energy.
As a general rule, meat once a day
is sufficient for all classes of men,
women arid children, and grains, fruit
and vegetables should constitute the
bulk of food eaten.
But many of the most nutritious
foods are difficult of digestion and it is
of no use to advise brain workers to
eat largely of grains and vegetables
where the digestion is too weak to as-
similate them properly.
Nearly every one will admit that as a
nation we eat too much meat and too
Uttle of vegetables and the grains.
For business men, office men and
clerks and, In fact, every one engaged
In sedentary or Indoor occupations,
grains, milk and vegetables are much
more healthful.
Only men engaged in a severe out-
door manual labor can live on a heavy
meat diet and continue in health.
Is of Little Benefit Unless It Is Di-
gested.
BRAIN FOOD
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTiaEilENTS.
. .^™r-. oi her life. Becoming
a mother should be a 6onrce of joy to all, but the suffering and
danger incident to the ordeal makes its anticipation one of misery.
Mother's Friend is the only remedy which relieves women of the great
pain and danger of maternity ; . this hour which is dreaded as woman's
severest trial is not only made painless, but all the danger is avoided
by its use. . Those who use this remedy are no longer despondent or
gloomy ; -nervousness, nausea and other distressing - conditions are
overcome',-* the. system is made ready for the coming event, and" the
serious accidents so common to the critical
hour are obviated by the use of Mother's l||A|ftkA|>9f>
Friend. "It is worth its weight in gold," |f|||l|lf^|' \
says many who have used it. $i.oo per ifivllSvs V
bottle at drug stores. Book containing
valuable information of interest to all women, will fCtrt 2 4\Wh 1*1
be sent to any addrew free upon application to I| I Mgllfi
BRADF1ELD REGULATOR OO.. Atlanta* Ga. fi I IVh8\I
NEXT1SUNDAY-CALL
"THE ROAD THAT
MIA CHOSE."
A Story With a Strange
Ending.
" BY SARAH COMSTOCK.
THE EMPORIim ;. -.' ~> ; | . 'THE EMPORIUM ' '."-.; ] THE EMPORIUM | THE EMPORIUM
I The Filipino Midgets--Sma§!esti of Living People—Are Here ]
| ' Exhibited^ for first time in Free—Daily 10 to .12 K and 2 to 5 — on second floor. %
I Lace Stocks We T;%%;^£{i^££Z Wo S!iPjlZu^^Yi nB I
jj Wednesday Only p«h.t» vou «ili need a '»
U Vcnhe Lace Stocks made of Arab' medallion tabs fffi C* //T^AS £***£' M m * KM* new coat for yonrThanks- Jk^k^^s *
J in a variety of pretty, new, up-to-date pat- $^?gj^J^i^ls£^jtjeL^Alyiffi giving outing. If so, i^p^^rj \
£ term. Just the sorr or neck pieces that every T*\i\n\ imimii i J cx%^*^^ y^^i—^ eome good bargains are V * 5 &v *f -J
»> woman wants several of; on sale a CB^% hiuhhhi'I i^ttH*^ 1 *"* 1 ™ a^ 9^^^ ready Jor you at the big (<*^"' j«
M to-day only, each . . . . / BmjfG -"J^eggaffffgUr AMERICA'S grandest STORE ror . t o-dav We do V "i *
J . 4 w ,»-¦••¦» i _ 9 hUl '"W VANS 1 __i -_
$ Main Aisle. . iU!lf*n'& fEnffoSinn not wait until the season /^///^V -2
I -; BWatSMM Z5> ZjSUitging ; s p rac ti ca lly over before CgH k i, \ 'J
I $1-JH>Sacque&$1dM That Satisfies ofFcring T pr i cc >, induc " ////> T\ *
5 ¦ ¦ • - - -v/ n.. ¦ r , ments. Just wncn yoa / / f 7* \ jt
g New Eiderdowns That i. the strength of our clothing depmment-the C an use t dressv, service- /;/ L ft \ 'J
J Th is a one day opportunity 'and to-day is COthmg *\ ™ K * U '(&%£ We exercise the ut- ablc coat wc ' ¦ fj 1 M \ >
£ u j \xr n r^ Uilu ""/ "a lo aa /- " most care in buying, using the product of on y well-known „ ,,_.„•,, L nM ,.[ Ifi , \'\ Ml *
I that day. Wdl made, all-wool Eiderdown and re, P onMb!e makers. The clothing we sell look, good, is " ?£* , a ! f on U ' E3» / *
I Sacques. in gray, b^ue, red and pink. The m .de ri^ht. and is sold at our department store small profit. JEJ_ red ttion/ have \1 k LjKt? 3
J collars prettiiy appiqucd in black satin, the -__T v Many reductions have >^L HMr^^hr^ J*
V edges finished with crochet scallop* black satin Cs^-^~") <§tth CC ° mt< * c on ro^ cn W'pp> V "*
J r.bbons to tie at the neck and Urge si k irog \mjF} (P? • lines and the new itocks \|JJ ' -J
g for fastener. These garments will make use- J§£^J t^Ov /f~\~ arriving daily are priced )*
It? ful Christmas presents. They are worth " ' st/r- v uncommonly low. For example, we are ofFcring: jj
l}f regularly $1.75, price Wed- gfr<m '<§*% '($ is&^A Cheviot Box Coat — w »h cape and pouch sleeve?. .^
** ncsday. . . .... . . %?Bmi%$ Wj A \i """"li YTaN^ b'ghiy tailored, a wondertu! value at j{
•i Main Aisle. Ill ' \S\ I WtyJ v\ Pebble Cheviot Jackets, only . . .$6.75 3
jj • r'JB /-I v \ J tjft\ f \ Kersey Box Coats — A leader, in black and tan, •*
I Carvers^ut Cracker* || ff AlU P?) S5JT2& ,^c^ t^5 \
J For Thanksgiving . . fl f M J \*V ¦ 'V C If pouch sleeves and pointed cuffs, tailor strapped" 3«
If Stag Handle Carvtn— John Ru«-ell Cutlery Co., a'piecef, Tjf fi 1 l**s-K\ ' %V^T an(^ stitched around edgjj, satin '«
JJ in two styles, per pair . . . $1.00, $1.25 -f Ml 1 5.1/^^ "^V^ f Hned throughout; a genuine $ 15. co coar, for *
» Se; of 3 p : ecn, stag handle.,. . $3.SO, S4-.5O H I I ft V, W»s^ - / «#/» T K 5
5 Set of 3 pieces, white handle. . . J4.5O Sfl S j I ! I \/J, W^^ / ' * * T * 9tUmT5 J
K Henckel's Carvtn-S:a S> whte or bufF handlev vrieci ! fl ? 1 fM A' / BbcK Kersey .JacKetS— Tailoring and fit us- J
*. set ;;. $6.00 ([ ¦ Mi • \ I [M MM i^^ equaled, fine satin lining, exceptionally low *
J. Ltnders, Frary & Clark Carvers-Genuine sug, white — V8trm»™r-^^ l/JB/VrfffW M price at $15,00 %
i P«rl, d^fi^ put up jn neat case, . | Wf^ fc|i| T A Tan Covert Corset Coat5-Uniq Q e> strapped .nd \
tt . $t, 91.5O, $2.23, $3.50. $4.5O Hi il— , <5^ KT Kff V Ker3CV Coat-Black md tan, half fitted baclc, ha. •«
X Poultry Shears-Fine sterl . . . . . $3 OQ ' WJ*^ ¦ $P ]M shoulder cape and is aU satin lined . . . .$16.75 %
J£ With pearl handle . . . . . . %3 75 ' £& Cloth Cap« - Of black Kersey j*
% Roast of Mutton Holdtrs— Horn and black .T.". : ¦'** $7.25, $7.75™* $16.50 <*
a,*' *n'i,' .". 'l. 't- '' i ' ' ' • $1*75, $2.25 Men's Overcoats $15.00— In a variety or ityies, such as Second Floor — Front. >,
*: 6^ P x l£ksUlthCracker - Kickel P : «< d . &ncy d M - S n t c^n only be obtained in stores of a larger size. The WslkinO Skirt $2.6 O *
% Silver plated 'in ' fint '-white ' UaihentUc'as^Z 0 "^ of these Overcoats are in the two lengths so A VerV SoCCial Sale %
J 6 Nut Pick, and Cracker- Silver p.ated, in br£ y e ?°f\" *» ««son_the medium a trifle below the knee. To . d on - the .^gES down stak, several S
?» maple caj;, ImeJ with white satin . ... . S1.5O and the lo "g. loose, swagger style; made ot Oxford Cheviot, black t. j j • j u- r *¦'"".«
J Sets of la Picks and 2 Crackers— Nxkel plated .**•"? ' Thibet, imooth Kersey in blue and bbckr, and mix-d p!a!ds and mixed rainy day skirts for women and M
»* ........../. . $1.QQ and $2*5O eff "-' ct «- AH of the important parts are hand &*'Qg£ f%6% misses that were made up by our regular \
X Nickel plated Nut Cracks . . . 25o, 35c, 5Oo : worke;J » w '5>ch means the best of fit and wear *P B'uJmGJU' tailors during a recent dull season, at a frac- •*
J SJyer P lated * ct c " ck »» "ch ¦ . . 75o Men's Business Suits $12.50— In the new ovenhot plaids, tion of the usual charge; skirts made gore and *
»» _ "^"^"""T^T™^™" neat muctures and in P^'n colo «; a hundred differtnt styies to select flare effect of fine all- wool material in Oxford '•
£ TUrkey ROaSterS 59C ' fr °™ " th ' f P ri «; the garments »e perfectly talored, and wou'd gray an d brown will be sold at' 0% —-. %
*• n— O I -r r% easly bring 515.00 if we asked it. You will jrft» 17O EZf% \ u i l • r - G£^ &*BM X
£ On Sale To-Day be well satisfied 1 with, these .u'ts at. . . .-. mpiZm SO the heretofore unheard of price \ x
% Th f 8C ' f , bMt i ng roast P ans that ««>or Men's Rainprool Coats— The long, loose coats that all of Main Aisle - «
fc , duccd; made of refined Steel, with reinov- " the bl-s: dressers are wearing this season— comb'niton raincoat and ThsanfrSttivintitSSiVSIZXMJIt*** '2
ftf ab'e rack or meat rest and nickel nla'ed overcoat; suitable for day or evening and any sort of overcoat weather, -. 1 „ *~ * " *** , . "T „ X
*: ventilator; size 105^ by i6inchei for No' 7 "'" ° r ' h!ne; man X price,, varj-in & from Clear OpUc Glass Vases— 18 inches ttU. for ;,
K or No. 8 coal /ange, regular^ 1^' ? Main FloOr ' StO.OO JO $25.00 J*™? "decorate the table, each . . 25c *
$ 8 5 c, to-day only . . . * Y 59C m H . - , Thin Blown Glasswarc-On slender stem,, with J
5 \ y /•-.... ww^v Men's Thanksgiving * damt / ]acc p™"* "graving: .j
tf Mam Floor. Furni&hinn Gtnndsz GobIeti ••• * 2S0 doz - cham F «gne cit.$2jo dor. -?
t- -¦ ¦ ¦ FUrniSntnff UOOaS CarevG!a«e. . $2.00 doz. Lemonade GIs . $2.25 do*. X
* B "**lm**c*9 OAr.^ Snti UitaerWear Safe .WineGla J ie«..$l.90dai. Cord;«l G!a«es..$!.8^ d«. ,X
j: &Z*B&£LHUiGS &nOGS Do you know Way's celebrated Ribbed Underwear? T UTk J^ l ™£: t^T stt ? 7 **?' 9 f* ' m -^ * ?
| $3.00 Styles for $2.35 Are you familiar with its many merits? If youare W^^^S^^^0M i
I SSL SH 5 i c 0 S Groceries and Li^ors \
* 1^^^ l£tw -25 \JSS iV ?? special sale in the main aisle for ... 73G m . Special Sale To-Day Only 3
i vS^.szs n *LTi- iliii m |l| SS i SS= SEH^ : A ; ; ill ?
| per pair '"" $2.35 "f ™ m -™ ""^ #£?£ jfeJS I
¦ rr ••• *V *Tr^ r*'fc" finish, such as Fownes and Dent make for particular dressers: Jmvnu Fi«— B-st* imDo*rted* ti-dW \h ' '" on« "5
X' ' .••-.- Section 8— Right. SnverdeU or NadcnalOub WhUkv- Bottle? . ..75© X
2TEW ADVEBTISE2IENTS.
HSAITE7 PLAffTS
B«QBlr« tha SCort Careful Attention as
W«U M Good Bo%.
DIA you ever see a rosebush which
<I*sp!te the most beneflcent environment
of Foil — of sunshine — and of atmosphere
— seemed never to achieve a healthy
gTOWth.
A ton of manure will not help a. plant
that has canker eating out Its heart.
You must destroy the cause before you
ran remove the effect.
You cannot c-«re Dandruff and Bald-
r*ss by rubbing on hair lotions, and rub-
bir.e in vaseline, etc
You mu^t look to the cause of the
trouble — it's a germ at the roots of your
hair •which causes it to fall out.
Newbro'R Herpiclde destroys the germ,
and healthy hair 4s the sure result
Sold by leading: druggists. Send 10c In
Gtarrrs for sample to The Herpiclde Co..
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
Tb8 Kind You Have Always Bought
% Bears th© >^r y/^T/t . s* m
Signature of (•^ux^/jfAo^c^U/ti
BE,ERS
Guaranteed Pure.
None So Good*
i Sold Evtrsfoforsz 1
HILEERT MERCANTILE CO..
Paclflc Coast Airenta. H
t FAVORITE
SCRIPTOM
WWEAKWOMEW; J
yj£l^6aM MEKAKDWOMEft.
<!@^CK£6>« Cte Bird for ccDktonl
fyZWU t u4 4»tv\S <5i»chvEe»,infinum«.tioDi,
W&& OtuuMt l: imutoDi or deration*
L* > J *•« *• •meter*. of oncom nembrtnti.
~~T rr~m.* ct»rW. Paj c ; eMj , n< l BO t *ttr»»-
ftat or IKjieonoot.
fc«5\ CJ*CKMTI,C F££J! MdbrDrartXtl,
C*. a. jgS* or •*<" In Pl*la wrapTMr.
d^vfr »XFr»»«. prepaid, toe
V^pRHjRrcf'g llJ0.orSbctUMt2.76.
tr m Circular net en neMrt. 'BRITISH EMBASSADOR, WHO
WILL PRESENT CLAIMS
OF BONDHOLDERS.
LONDON, Nov. 24. — Foreign Secre
tary Lansdowne has requested the
council of the " foreign bondholders to
supply further details of the Colombian
loan. When drawn up tnese 'will be
forwarded to Embassador Durand and
presented to ¦ Washington, to urge the
rights of British bondholders .In con^
nection with the republic of Panama!
From the council the* press received the
following: ,.
"In regard to the reported statement
of the Panama commissioners that
Statement to America.
British Government Will Address , a
ACTS FOB, BONDHOLDERS.
; For many years the deceased made
his home at the Pacific Union Club in
Sari Francisco, but' for the - last nine
years ..had lived here with his sister,
Miss Eliza F. Gerald. He was a brother
of Mrs. John A. Anthony and: a half
brother of E. F. Gerald of this city.
Deceased was unmarried and 67 years
of age.; He was widely known and pop
ular among the railroad men of the
early days. ; '^ j. *
ALAMEDA, Nov. 24.— Ezekiel F. Ger
ald, for many years prominently iden
tified with the Central Pacific and the
Southern Pacific railroads, died last
night at his residence, 1620 Central ave
nue, from pneumonia. He entered the
service of the Central Pacific when that
road was built through Ogden. Later
he was the first agent for the com
pany at Elko, Nev. Through his ex
ecutive ability he was promoted to be
the chief traveling auditor for the vast
combined system, a position he relin
quished ten years ago, when he retired
from active service.
Former Traveling Auditor of Central
and Southern Pacific Roads Dies
at Alameda.
EZEKEEL F. GERALD
GOES TO- LAST REST
Davis to Be Canal Commissioner.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 24.— It is un
derstood that Major General George
W. Davis, retired, who has just relin
quished command of the forces in the
Philippines and returned to the United
States, Is likely to be appointed a mem
ber of the Isthmian Canal Commission.
General Davis was a member of the
original Isthmian Canal Commission.
to his own prowess but to the assist
ance of the United States.
"All roads that the President trav-
els," he said, "lead to the Panama ca
nal, but some "of his discreet friends
should caution him not to burn the
bridges behind him."
That war had, he said, deserved the
condemnation of all Christians because
of the brutality of Marroquin's conduct,
and yet, notwithstanding this conduct
was such as would have done discredit
to the bearer of a scalping knife or
to a Mohawk, the United States was
the ally of that leader throughout the
conflict. He referred especially to Mar
roquin's confiscatory decrees, and said
that President Roosevelt must have
known of them.
Hanna challenged ' the statement of
Morgan that President McKinley had
been" favorable to the Nicaragua route.
"I know of my own personal knowl
edge," he said, "that when, in 1899, It
became known that the Panama Com
pany's property could be purchased he
gave the question serious consideration
Local Representative of New Repub
lic Visits Custom-House.
IS CONSUL FOR PANAMA.
Ramon Arias Feraud Jr., the newly
appointed Consul of the republic of
Panama, called at the Custom-house
yesterday to meet some of the Federal
officials. A false rumor gained cur-'
"It is practically impossible for Co
lombia to reach us except by landing
troops on our" shores," he said. "With
out the United States, however, we
might not be so successful, for Colom
bia has an excellent army, which is
well drilled and competent. I believe
that we could get ships if there were
any necessity for so doing." The young
men of Panama are going into the
army. There is a . most enthusiastic
feeling on the isthmus. All parties are
now united and I believe that in case
of necessity we could put 10,000 men
into the field. We do not want war;
what we want is peace and prosperity."
"Things are quiet on thei isthmus at
present and are moving smoothly. The
junta, which consists of a governing
board of three, will rule until the na
tional convention meets, which "may be
in about two months, j The constitution
will then be adopted and there will be
a change in the Government. There
will, of course, be a President and a
Cabinet. I cannot tell you .whether
there will be a Vice but
there will be a provision whereby there
will be a substitute In case of resigna
tion or death of the President."
Speaking of the arrival of Colombian
peace delegates, Dr. Arosemena said
they were well received and that the
conference was held on board the
Dixie. He thought Panama cpuld
maintain her lndependencewlthout aid
from the United States if she could
procure vessels sufficient to defend her
coast. • •
Speaking of general conditions In
Panama and of its government, Dr.
Arosemena said:
NEW YORK, Nov. 24.— Among the
passengers who arrived to-day on
board the steamer Seguranca from
Colon were De Pablo Arosemena of.Pan
ama and Captain F. H. Delano of the
United States ship Dixie. De Pablo
Arosemena will act as counsel for the
Panama Commission, which recently
arrived from Colon.
Could .Then Protect Itself Without
Aid From United States.
PANAMA NEEDS WARSHIPS.
BERLIN GRANTS RECOGNITION.
BERLIN, Nov. 24.— The Foreign Of
fice to-day* made the following official
announcement:. ¦ :
"Upon the Imperial Chancellor's
written proposal * the Emperor, yester
day directed that the new free State of
Panama be recognized by Germany."
Neither the German Foreign Office
nor the German Charge d' Affaires in
Bogota has in any way furthered the
desires of Colombia.
Yellow Journal Fake Exposed.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 24.— The atten
tion of the State Department was call
ed to what purported to be a verbatim'
copy of the new Panama' treaty, which
has been published In New York, Chi
cago arid San Francisco. The authori
ties say that the draft of the treaty, as
published, was inaccurate and that no
genuine copy of , the, treaty entire has
been published or can be published at
this time. The first five articles alone
have appeared "In the 'Associated Press
dispatches. ' . * \ "...-
; After having spoken for two hours
Morgan requested (the privilege of tak-;
ing his rseat,; where he continued, his
delivery. There was no objection. '
I Morgran reviewed; 'at length , the 'Co
lumbian^ revolution in , 1902,° declaring
that ; Marroquin's triumph" was ; due ' not
No plea of '.'reasons of state" would
be acceptable, for, < said Morgan, rea
sons of ; state were out of place in 'ja.
republic and were regarded only" as
the; plea of a tyrant. In "abandoning
the McKinley policy,- Morgan declared,
the President had destroyed the rights
already 'acquired at much expense of
time, and effort. ' ~ -
Speaking of the report of the Isth
mian Canal Commission, favorable to
the Panama route, Senator Morgan
characterized that report as the "dyna
mite that has rent in twain the repub
lic of Colombia." He said further that
the report was a desperate adventure.
He declared that if Mr. McKinley had
lived the protocol with Nicaragua and
Costa Rica would have been observed.
"But he is dead," the Senator went
on, "and a.new- Richmond comes upon*
the field, and he seems not to feel the
obligations of good faith when a more
enticing feeling for the unique admin
istration breaks on the vision of this,
ambitious spirit."
: He declared that it was President
Roosevelt's ambition to have all the
glory of constructing the canal for his
own administration.
"Has the President," he asked, "any
excuse for' his failure to carry into ef
fect the agreement with Nicaragua and
Costa Rica; unless it- be resentment
toward Colombia and gratification of
; personal ambition which /the laws : de
' prlve himof the furtherpower to in-:
dulge? Whatever the" incentive he will
fail to' carry the people with him in his
wild and Inexcusable raid."
WASHINGTON, Nov. 24.— The Pana
ma canal question was again the lead
ing topic under consideration- by the
Seriate to-day and. Morgan was again
the speaker of the day. .He continued
his review of the history of the ef
forts to secure an isthmian canal and
declared that to the President's ambi
tion to secure the credit of a unique
administration must be credited the fa
voritism manifested by him toward the
Panama route! He asserted that Pres
ident McKinley. had favored the Nica
raguan line and this statement was
challenged by Hanna, who said he
knew of his own personal knowledge
that Mr. McKinley had urged a" most
careful investigation after he had
learned that the Panama canal prop
erty was ''available.
One Attacks and the Other Defends
President's Canal Policy.
MORGAN AND HANNA CLASH.
The foregoing is the gist of a lengthy
statement which will be forwarded to
the British embassy at Washington.
Panama declines responsibility for the '
Colombian debt, oh the ground that
when the greater part of the money
was borrowed Panama was not in
cluded in Colombia, the facts appear
to be as follows: Panama declared its
Independence of Spain on November 28,
1821, and In. the solemn declaration of
the revolutionary junta stated; 'That
the territory of the isthmus belonged
to the republican state of Colombia,
to the Congress whereof It would, in
due course, send its deputy.* The war
with Spain continued for eome time
thereafter, and in 1822 Colombia Issued
an external loan of $10,000,000, the
greater part of which was to be devoted
to prosecuting the war of independence.
In 1824 Colombia issued a further loan
of $23,750,000 for the same puroose. It
would be surprising if Panama at
tempted to repudiate responsibility for
the money which assisted her to become
part of a free state." v -
WASHINGTON, Nov. 24.— The Unit
ed States r.aval fleet near Colon will
-Jje augmented shortly by the gunboats
Casting and Bancroft, which have been
specially fitted ouf for service in isth
mian waters. It is expected that these
two boats will start on their cruise to
the south in a few days. Their arrival
will increase the naval fleet at the isth
mus to eleven warships, of which num
ber seven will guard the north or Car
ibbean coast and four the Pacific Coast.
Sending More Ships of War.
The Indians on the reservation, the
superintendent said, were very super
stitious and had been wrought Into a
high pitch of excitement. They believe
in witchcraft, and they place the blame
for the death of both boys on the in
dustrial te»cher and are threatening to
attack tlie school.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 24.— News of
trouble with threats of \-iolence at the
Jicarllla Indian School In New Mexico
reached the Interior Department to-day
from Superintendent Johnson, in charge
there. lie telegraphed that an Indian
boy who had entered the school fell
dead in the arms of the industrial
teacher. Phillip Sales, immediately
after £a bath yesterday, and that an
other boy who was being dieted on ac
count of stomach trouble had eaten a
large quantity of prunes which he had
stolen from the school kitchen and his
death resulted.
Deaths of Two Youths in a Reserva
tion School Arouse Supersti
tious Tribesmen.
NEW MEXICO INDIANS
THREATEN AN ATTACK
The passengers, considering them
selves fortunate at having come out of
an Arizona gun play alive, hugged to
the coaches during the remainder of
the stop at Gila Bend.
and investigation, and with his influ
ence provision was made in the river
and harbor bill for an appropriation of
$100,000 for Jhe investigation of all
routes. That this request was made
because of his interest in the Panama
proposition I know of my own personal
knowledge. President McKinley had
decided to follow the 'recommendation
of his commission, and that Is what
the present executive is doing: so there
has been no change in policy."
Morgan replied that he had spoken
only from the public record of Presi
dent McKinley and not from knowledge
of his private views.
"I know," he said, "that he entered
into compacts with Nicaragua and
Costa Rica to secure the Nicaragua
route, and there is nc record to show
that he changed his mind."
Hanna— It is incorrect to say that
McKinley preferred Nicaragua. I know
better. It was only the high price of
the Panama property that deterred
him.
The tempestuous, cowboy was evi
dently trying to see how near he could
come to some of the passengers with
out hitting them. He happened to be
a crack shot fresh from the range, and
fortunately none of the passengers
were hurt by the flying bullets. The
women screamed and all rushed for
places of safety in the coaches.
When the vaquero had used up all
of his ammunition, the constable and
Justice of the Peace who had arrived
on the scene with their sixshooters,
covered him with their guns, and al
though he endeavored to hit them on
the head with the butt of his revol
ver,-they finally succeeded in dragging
him to the town prison, where he was
tied up with a heavy logchaln to
await trial.
GILA BEND. Arizona, Nov. 24.—
While the Sunset Limited eastbound
train was standing at Gila Bend at
noon to-day, delayed by a freight wreck
ahead, and the passengers from the
eleven coaches were parading up and
down the platform, a cowpuncher, who
had come to the town to celebrate and
had filled upon bad whidky, rushed out
of one of the saloons with a sixshooter
in his 'hand and began firing Into the
crowd.
Special Dispatch to The Call
The complaint c/ Wade alleges that
he and Mrs. Wade were married in Jan
uary, 1901. In April, 1902, they became
acquainted with O'Connor, who, the
complaint says, began lo make love to
Mrs. Wade, to buy wines for her and
induce her to drink them; to seek her
company day and night and to make
her costly presents, until the scandal
became the town talk of Downs. This,
says Wade, continued for a year, when
Mrs. Wade quitted him.
Mrs. Vlasto says that Mrs. Culver
ha* deprived her of the comfort, so
ciety, aid and assistance of her hus
band, especially during the last two
years, but there has been a breach in
the Vlasto family relations for a much
longer period. Mrs. Vlasto said she
separated from her husband in 1901,
after her return from a European trip,
and since then haB had only meager
subsistence and lived in a humble way,
refusing his overtures for peace, al
thpugh he contributed to her support.
She says his friendship with the Cul
ver family brought about her separa
tion from Vlasto. Mrs. Vlanto main
tains that her husband is not of noble
birth, as has been asserted.
SPOKANE, Wash., Nov. 24.—Mar
garet D. Wade, clerk in the White
House Clothing Company, with John
O'Connor of Downs, Wash., Is a defend
ant in a suit brought by James Wade
to recover $80,000 from O'Connor, re
puted to be worth $250,000, for the al
leged alienation of his wife's affection.
The suit was first brought in Lincoln
County and change of venue has been
taken to Spokane County.
The complaint of Mrs. Vlasto charges
that Mrs. Culver, "willfully intending
to injure plaintiff, enticed her husband
to live apart from her." She mentions
Paris and Switzerland, besides New
York and other cities in this country,
as places where he has resided re
cently.
Mrs. Vlasto says that she was married
on November 20, 1875, In this city and
that the issue of the marriage Is a son,
Constantlne, now 27 years old." The re
cent announcement of the divorce pro
ceedings of the Culvers was a surprise
to their friends.
Mrs. Culver, a daughter of Senator
William A. Clark of Montana, is al
ready in the public eye because of the
divorce suit instituted by her. against
Dr. E. M. Culver. In the latter case
the greatest secrecy has been main
tained.
Solon J. Vlasto, who is a well-known
Greek and one of the proprietors of the
Greek newspaper Atlantis, returned
from Europe on the White Star liner
Oceanic on November 11. Mrs. Culver,
with her daughter, 8 years old, and a
woman friend arrived eight days later
on the Teutonic of the same line.
NEW YORK, Nov. 24.— Charging
that Mrs. Everett Mallory Culver has
alienated the affection' that Solon J.
Vlasto should have for her, Mrs. Eliza
beth R. Vlasto of this city to-day be
gan suit in the Supreme Court and
named $500,000 as the amount in which
she is damaged. At the residence of
Mrs. Culver papers were served on the
defendant. *
Special Dispatch to Ths Call.
Rejected Wife Declares Western
Heiress Has Displaced Her in
the Affections of Her
Helpmate.
Women Scream and Scamper to Rail
road Cars, While Officers Subdue
tn« Whisky-Laden Tornado
From the Range.
" The interior of the country remains
tranquil, in the expectation of a favor
able issue of the peace mission, on which
Generals Reyes and Holguin are now
proceeding to Washington.
American residents in Bogota seem
surprised at the action of the United
States on the Isthmus, and express confi
dence, in view of the enormous damage
that would result to commercial inter
ests and in consideration of the most
friendly relations existing between the
United States and Colombia, that the
United States Government will retrace
the steps it has taken in Panama. <
BOGOTA, Nov. 21, via . Colon, Nov
24. — A prominent politician here, who
is loyal to the Government and thor
oughly posted in the affairs of the ad
ministration, to-day characterized the
actions of the United States on the
isthmus of Panama as most unjusti
fiable. He added:
Colombians hope that the reasonable
and fair-minded people of the United
States will bring such pressure to bear
on the Government at "Washington that
the result may be the saving of the
isthmus to Colombia, and the protection
of Colombia's unquestioned right there.
All Colombians protest, as would the
people of other nations, against this ag
gression of the United States. Colombia
is' confident that justice will be done her,
and all Colombians are unanimously re
solved to sustain and defend the national
integrity, even at any sacrifice. \ The Bo
gota Government is receiving the sup
port of all political parties, and there are
daily made generous donations of gold
and jewels to meet such expenses as
may become necessary.
The French colony at Bogota has
unanimously offered to the Government
its services and property, while the Ger
man and English colonies have manifest
ed extreme sympathy with Colombia's
cause.
Holders of Commercial Interests in
Colombia Are Alarmed.
AMERICANS MAY SUFFER
Still Panama is willing to declare the
debt canceled and even will pay a big
sum of Colombia's debts here for public
services and war exactions, but she must
energetically reject any proposal from
Colombian debt bondholders.
PANAMA, Nov. 24.— There is a dis
position here already to hold fast to the
money that the United States is to pay
for the canal rights and to oppose any
proposition looking to Panama's pay
ment of a proportion of the Colombian
debt, which European powers may in
sist upon In behalf of foreign holders
of Colombian bonds. Should the Pan
amans take this attitude, despite the
pointed suggestion from Washington
that the isthmian Government will be
expected to assume part of the Colom
bian debt, it may embroil the United
States, as protector of Panama, with
European nations.
Referring to the Question of the re
public of Panama paying a part of the
foreign debt of Colombia, the Star and
Herald gives the following data, reck
oned in gold, of sums derived from the
isthmus which were used exclusively
for the benefit of other departments:
Sale of railroad reserve, $5,625,000; for
extension granted to canal companies,
at least $3,000,000; exemption paid by
railroad for not constructing its line
to Flamenco, as per contract, $250,000;
sums paid by Panama which Colombia
should have paid, and which were
never returned, $1,000,000. The paper
adds:
Daughter of Senator *Clark
of Montana Is the
Defendant.
Six-Shooter in Hand, He
Scatters Lead Around
a Crowd.
Some time ago Allen acquired a tract
of 250 acres of land in 'Southeastern
Texas. The land was worth less than
55 an acre and ¦ was practically of no
use cicept for pasturage. A few weeks
ago a gusher oil well was brought in
at Batson Praire. within a mile of Al
len's land. The new oil field has been
the scene of the wildest excitement
since then and a town of 1000 popula
tion has sprung up at Batson Praire,
where there was only one store build
ing prior to the oil discovery. Land
values are increasing daily.
Allen could 6ell his entire tract at
$3000 an acre, but it is said that he is
holding It for $5000 an acre, which
¦would bring him a fortune of $1,700,000.
AUSTIN, Tex., Nov. 24.— James Lane
Allen, the novelist, has suddenly be
come a millionaire' through a chance in
vestment of a few hundred dollars in
the Texas oil field.
Social Difpatch to The Call
Colonel W. B. Hamilton. Acting Col
lector of the Port of San Francisco,
stated last night that the new Consul
of the republic of Panama had not/
called upon him. .
Colonel Hamilton said that the official
news of the appointment cf Consul
Feraud would probably arrive in > San
Francisco by the end of the week and
recognition would be given to the new
consular official after the receipt of tha
Washington advices.
rency last evening that Consul Feraud
had been refused recognition by certain
Federal officers, for the reason that no
official advice had been received from
"Washington relative to the appoint
ment of the Consul. In speaking of his
visit to the Custom-house Consul Fer
aud said:
1 went there in company with a broker^
friend, and at his request, to ascertain '
whether the office had received any offi
cial notification from the State Depart
ment at "Washington of my appointment
as Consul at San Francisco. I did not go
there expecting to be recognized in my
new capacity, as I took it that the noti
fication would have to reach the Custom
house In the usual way. through the
mall. As I only received telegraphic
Information of my appointment yester
day from Washington, it will probably
be four or n\'e days yet before written
notification will arrive in San Francisco.
I was well received by the Custom-house
officials and one of them told me that
only in urgent Instances was the ap
pointment of such, officers as Consuls
officially sent from Washington by tele
graph. The telegram I received yester
day announcing my appointment as Con
sul at San Francisco for the new repub
lic of Panama was signed by my father,
R. Arias Feraud. who is now In Wash
ington on business connected with' the
affairs of Panama. Whether the appoint
ment was made by the Minister of Pan
ama at "Washington or the Panama Com
missioners, who are also in that city at
the present time, I have not as yet
learned. I am prepared to commence my
new duties as soon as all the details in
connection with my appointment have
been properly adjusted.
R. Arias Feraud Jr., Panama's first
Consul in this city, is not a stranger
to California. He was educated at
Santa Clara College and Is a gentleman
of scholarly attainments, thoroughly
versed In finance and diplomacy. Hi3
father is the manager of the American
Trade Developing Company of Panama^
and is one of the substantial bankers^
of that place. Consul Feraud resides
with his family at 2020 Encinal avenue.
Alameda. He Is enthusiastic over the
start that the new republic has made
in the world and every recognition by
other governments of the Government
of Panama is hailed by him with patri
otic satisfaction.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 24.— A dispatch
to the Times from Monterey. Mexico,
says that the first American woman to
die of yellow fever during the present
epidemic In Monterey was Mrs. Henry
Reuter, who was Miss Mary Teresa
Brabant, formerly of Los Angeles. She
was taken sick five days ago, and In
spite of assiduous attentions of her
busband and family physician her con
dition went from bad to worse, until
every hope was exhausted.
Mrs. Reuter was 20 years of age, and
with her husband had lived in Mon
terey four years. She was born in Oak
land, but spent nearly all her girlhood
days in San Francisco and Los An
geles. It was in the latter city she met
and married Mr. Reuter. She has rela
tives in both cities, and in Monterey
leaves her husband and 3-year-old
daughter Gladys.
During the early part of the epidemic
Mr. and Mrs. Reuter took a cottage .
high up in the mountains at the Diente,
and lived there without visiting the
city. They were forced to come Into
Monterey one day, and while there Mrs.
Reuter was bitten by a mosquito. She
paid little attention to the insect bite
and returned to the Diente. Three days
later the symptoms of yellow fever
manifested themselves and she was
hurried to Monterey for treatment.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
Mrs. Vlasto Sues^ for
$500,000 for Alleged
Alienation.
Mrs. Henry Router, a Former
San FranciscaD, Re
ported Dead.
Playful Arizona Vaquero
Makes Merry With '
Travelers.
Oil Gusher ; Is Brought in
• Near" a Tract That He
Purchased.
Investment in Texas
Land Makes Him
a Millionaire.
California Woman a Vic
tim of Yellow Fever
in Mexico.
PUTS HIGH
VALUE UPON
A HUSBAND
NOVELIST ALLEN
WINS A FORTUNE
GAY COWBOY
"SHOOTS UP"
PASSENGERS
MOSQUITO BITE
ENDS HER LIFE
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY; NOVEMBER 25. 1903.
Isthmians Are Already Protesting Against Assuming Part of the
Colombian Dej^t, Which Foreign Powers May Insist Upon as
a Measure of Protection to the Holders of Bogota's 'Bonds
PANAMA MAY EMBROIL THIS NATION
WITH THE GOVERNMENTS OF EUROPE
WASHINGTON, Nov. 24.— Upon the ratification by Panama of the canal treaty, the
Ninth and Sixteenth regiments of infantry, now at Forts Madison and Slocum in New
York and McPherson, Georgia, and the Twenty-eighth mountain battery will be §ent to
the isthmus to take possession of Panama and Colon, and the several islands which treaty gives
into the keeping of the United States. The feeling is growing that Colombia will declare war
against the United States.
6
NAME — -— ~—
p. O — — ~
8TATC— — J —
Tor fr«o trial box. mail this coupon to
Foster-Silbarn Co.. Buffalo. ••». T. U »b»T«
iptN it larafflcient, writ* addrcw on *¦&*¦
rtfilip. ,. . - .
When a Woman's
Back Aches-
A Trial Free
TO SAN FRANCISCO CALL READERS.
llili|l^i|i|ip{|
4>9deQooocoeeoo99®®te6GO9ooe9&o9Ods»
Mrs. Margaret Leech, of 112 William street, says: "I cannot
begin to tell you the different kinds of medicine I have used nor
the quantity I took during the years I have been subject to at-
tacks of backache. Just as I had used many another preparation
in the past when I noticed an advertisement about Doan's Kid-
ney Pills in one of our San Francisco papers I made up my mind
to try the remedy^ It acted just as represented, stopped the back-
ache and pain in the side, and, what is of much more importance
to me, during the last six months I have not had the slightest
; ' indication of a return."
The aches and pains that assail a woman's back when the
kidneys are sick take all the life — all the energy — all the ambi-
tion out of her. Backache makes her tired out and weary, with
nerves unstrung — she must attend to daily duties even though
racking kidney pains make every motion of the body a misery.
Then, too, when the, kidneys are not relieved there is the an-
noyance and danger of urinary disorders. Good health can
only be obtained with Well kidneys. Keep the kidneys well
with the greatcstof modern specifics, Doan's Kidney Pills.
DOAN'S KIDNEY FILLS.
From B. H. Palmer, Windsor, CaL:
"I have been troubled for fifteen years
with piles and have tried different
salves and .ointments, but never came
across anything like your Pyramid Pile
Oure. I used two 50-cent boxes three
months ago. and they have made a
complete cure, and I am recommending
them to every one I know to be afflict-
ed.- Thanks for the cure."
From Thomas A. Nixon, 854 N. Bam-
brey street, Philadelphia: "It is now
time I should let you know that I am
cured of bleeding piles. If you only
knew how I have suffered from them
for the last nine years In pain. Last
April I went to the drug store and
bought a 50-cent box of Pyramid Pile
Cure, and I found ct last a good cure.
I had epent dollars trying to get cured
of my piles; all others have failed to
cure me. but now I am happy to have
a pood sleep and be able to work also!"
Pyramid Pile Cure is sold by drug-
gists generally. If yours doesn't keep
it he will get It for you if , you ask him.
Book on cause and-cure of piles sent
free. Address Pyramid Drug Co., Mar-
shall, Mien.
There is only one sure, safe and quick
cure for piles. It is the Pyramid Pile
Cure. It is a recent discovery and its
.properties are such that It cleanses,
soothes and heals the inflamed parts,
reduces the inflammation at once, and
with continued treatment removes all
swelling and all trace of the disease. It
puts the membranes in a healthy, ac-
tive condition and cures completely and
permanently.
From Samuel Victor, Detroit. Mich.:
"I had not written you sooner because
the first box of Pyramid Pile Cure I
used helped me so much, and I wanted
to wait until I was completely cured,
and so it was that after using three
boxes of your Pyramid Pile Cure I am
entirely cured of the terrible disease
from which I have suffered six months;
and r.ow I am using Pyramid Pills,
which helo me very much."
Just a little pain may so distract a
man'r mind that it will cost him hun-
dreds of dollars. Life is a battle. To
succeed one needs all his, energies and
all his brain force to apply to the ques-
tion at hand. Even a corn will make
him Irritable, cross, angry— and an an-
gry man seldom succeeds. The trifling
pain of a corn is a pleasant feeling be-
side the agonizing ache of piles. That
is a pain which seems to pervade the
whole body. It communicates itself to
all the parts near the seat of the trou-
ble and brings on a heavy, dragging
feeling in the perineum. Those who
have never so suffered do not know
what it means. It racks the nerves,
prevents sleep, prevents concentrated
thought and makes a. man lose flesh as
fast as he would with a virulent fever.
And yet piles are looked upon as a
little thing. They are neglected— al-
lowed to run on from month to month
and year to year. By and by comes a
dangerous surgical operation. Maybe
it cures — maybe it kills.
He Cut Eat, Can't Bleep, Can't Get
Comfort Any "Way But One — Pyra-
mid File Core WU1 Core Tf»Tn.
Give Belief at Once — Never
Knows to Fall.
WHEN HE IS SUFFERING WITH
PILE?
A MAN CANT WORK
ADVEHTTSEMENTS.Many Beverages
are so vastly, improved by the added
richness Imparted by the use of Borden's
Eagle Brand Condensed ' Milk; The Eagle
Brand i is prepared from the , milk . of
herds of well fed, housed, groomed cows
of ; native:. breeds. Every can is tested
and Is therefore reliable. . -.•?¦¦
A fair ,-, maiden dowerless will have
more wooers ; than ; husbands. .
A fool's bolt Is soon shot.
pAKLAND, Nov. 24. — The organiza
tion of the Security Bank and Trust
Company has been completed, and this
new company will begin business on
December 1, with offices at 1020 Broad
way. The officers and directors of the
new bank are: President, H. C. Cap
well: vice president, A. D. Wilson;
cashier, Charles A. Smith; assistant
cashier, Robert S. Knight; dlrectors^ —
H. C. Capwell/A. D. Wilson, F. W.
Corder, Dr. H. G. Thomas, Theodore
Gler, R. T. Harding. C. E. Snook. W.
F. Burbank, C. J. Heeseman, W. H. L.
Hynes and E. P. Vandercook.
Will Open December First.
Mrs. A. W. Allen of 139 Rose avenue
and her niece came near dying last
night as a result of taking some bi
chloride of mercury tablets to cure
dyspepsia. Early In the evening the
woman went to a drug store and asked
for some antiseptic tablets. She first
asked for charcoal tablets, then for an
tiseptic tablets, and said that she
wanted them for a case of dyspepsia.
The clerk misunderstood her meaning
and thinking that she wanted an anti
septic wash gave her the bichloride.
She took two tablets and gave her
niece, who was suffering with the same
trouble, one. They Immediately began
to have a "queer feeling, as they term
ed it, and hastened to the Emergency
Hospital. Dr. Armstead pumped the
poison from their stomachs Just In time
and saved them from death. Hereafter,
the women say, they will get their
dyspepsia medicine on a doctor's pre
scription. , -
Fright Banishes Dyspepsia.
"With all . the roads of the Southern
Pacific systems under Its absolute con
trol, : the Harriman . syndicate would
create for itself a position in the world
of traffic and finance that could not be
easily attacked by the other ambitious
railroad combines, now struggling for
supremacy' In s , this country.
"The Southern Pacific Company o*
Kentucky has realized the need of ad
ditional equipment with which to op
erate the roads on which it has a lease.
It has gone into the market and pur
chased the necessary material and
loaned it to the Southern Pacific Rail
road Company and the Central Pacific:
Railroad. It has borrowed the money
to pay for the equipment and has given
as security the rolling stock of the
companies. Being a foreign corpora
tion it was necessary that the mortgage
be recorded In the county in which the
main offices of the company are locat
ed and we complied with that require
ment to-day."
In this indebtedness, thrust upon the
leased lines,- shrewd financiers foresee
final' trouble. These roads, about
twenty-three In number, including the
Central Pacific Railroad, Southern Pa
cific Company of California, Southern
Pacific Company of Arizona, Southern
Pacific Company of New Mexico, Hous
ton and Texas, Gait and lone Railroad,
the Sacramento Valley Railroad, Tulare
and Porterville Railroad and numerous
other small branches, together with va
rious other properties, among them the
buildings at Fourth, and Townsend
street/i and lands along the Oakland
estuary, are forced to share the burden
of interest and principal of the debt.
Another loan ostensibly for the bet
terment of the service may follow this
one, and the Interest and cost of wear
and tear will continue to increase upon
the leased roads. Eventually, accord
ing to the views of shrewd men, the
companies will drift into bankruptcy,
as has been the fate of nearly all the
roads in the country except those found
ed and fostered by the late Collls
P. Huntington, and will then, as a last
resort, be merged into the Southern Pa
cific Company of Kentucky as the mea*
ger asset of a once great liability.
years ago.
ATTORNEY FOULDS EXPLAINS.
When asked yesterday concerning the
mortgage. Attorney Foulds stated that
it Was simply to furnish means for
properly operating the roads, and he
added :
filed at the City Hall, and the appear
ance of the document naturally tended
tc strengthen the' theory that Harriman
is maneuvering stealthily toward the
achievement of a plot conceived some
It was shown by these companies
that the competition planned by th*
Pacific Coast Company would ruin
their business on the coast. The repre
sentatives of these lumber concerns
disclaimed any interest In schooners
that are involved in the passenger
traffic along the coast, yet the steam
ship company purposed to enter Into
competition with them. C. A. Hooper
& Co. practically control three of the
largest lumber companies doing busi
ness in Southern California, namely
the Southern California Lumber Com
pany, the L. w. BHnn Lumber Com
pany and. the Russ Lumber and Mill
Company, in which Pope & Talbot are
also interested. F. P. & J. W. Hooper
are at the head of the San Pedro Lum
ber Company, which has its docks and
yards at San Pedro.
These properties have been leased for
years from the Pacific Coast Company,
which now seeks them for the promo
tion of its own lumber business. The
Hoopers, besides their agencies at \£he
seaports, have numerous yards along
the lines of the Southern Pacific^ and
Santa Fe lines. In fact, they control
nearly two-thirds of the lumber busi
ness in Southern California, of which
San Pedro, as the general distributing
point, and handles nearly 300,000,000
feet annually.
HARRIMAN TO THE RESCUE.
If these immense lumber interests
It was the railroad company that ar
ranged the secret meeting in Los An
geles last week, at which Harriman
was represented by General Freight
Agent Lure. At this meeting were rep
resentatives of the big lumber con
cerns, including C. A. Hooper & Co.,
F. P. & J. VST. Hooper, Pope & Talbot
and the E. K. Wood Lumber Company,
all of which have offices in this city
and agencies at San Pedro and the
Stimson Mill Company and the' Kerck
hoff & Cuzner Lumber Company of
Los Angeles and San Pedro.
BIG INTERESTS AT STAKE.
One of the first moves made was to
give notice to several big lumber com
panies at San Pedro to vacate the
wharve? and grounds owned by the Pa
cific Coast company, but leased to the
lumber concerns, the explanation given
by the company being that it would
need the wharves and yard space for
Jts own future business.
Up to this time the fight had in no
way concerned the Southern Pacific
Company, for it regarded th* trouble
as affecting traffic that its lines could
never expect to control, but when the
lumber companies that had been or
dered to move from San Pedro showed
the Harriman officials how their busi
ness was about to be ruined, the rail
road company was quick to jump into
the fight with a view of effecting an
immediate settlement.
HOOPERS MUST VACATE.
passenger traffic. Hardly had the Pa
cific Coast company announced Its
plans before It began to carry them into
effect.
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
Among the lumber mill companies
that are accused of handling passen
gers between coast ports, and against
%vhlch the Pacific Coast Company is
mainly directing its present fight, are
the Charles Nelson Company, J. R.
MANY MILLS INVOLVED.
To" the Bchooner owners the edict has
gone forth from the railroad that if
they persist In engaging in passenger
traffic the land lines will arrange for
carrying lumber and delivering it at
the points touched by the schooners at
a rate that will make freight handling
a ruinous business for the vessels now
engaged in It. "In short Harriman is
prepared . to stand by the interests,
which, apparently, without proper jus
tification, are' threatened with ruin by
the trade competition about to be in
augurated by the Pacific Coast Com
pany in the interests of its steamship
enterprise.
As yet no intimation as to what stand
it purposes to take in the face of Har
rlman's threat has been given by the
Pacific Coast Company, nor the own
ers of the schooners that are hauling
passengers up and down the coast, but
the presumption is that they will show
fight, for they laugh at the prospects of
the Southern Pacific Company engag
ing itself to haul lumber at this par
ticular time of the year, when," as its
own general manager has already-ad
mitted, it has not enough cars to meet
the demand of ordinary traffic over its
lines or" motive power to haul. its reg
ular trains. I
The Pacific Coast Company has been
Informed that -the Southern Pacific
Company's agents are ready to assist
the steamship company In an adjust
ment of the existing difficulties and
will even go so far as to temporarily
ally itself with the ocean line in forc
ing the lumber schooner owners out
of the business that does not seem to
properly belong to them, but in no case,
say the Southern Pacific Company's
agents,- will co-operation be undertaken
where it Is likely to affect -the lumber
trade as a whole, as the Pacific Coast
Company's project now threatens.
EDICT TO LUMBERMEN.
Then followed the mandate of Har
riman, issued through the office of
Traffic Director Stubbs in Chicago and
concurred in by the officials of the
Santa Fe road. The representatives of
the 'Pacific Coast Company were quiet
ly informed that while the* railroad
companies were in sympathy with their
concern in its efforts to protect its
ocean passenger traffic, the latter could
not be permitted to jeopardize the
whole lumber business of the coast and
deprive the railroads of their share of
natural traffic by indiscriminate Var
fare, as It was termed, against the big
traders of the State. I
were destroyed the Southern Pacific
and the Santa Fe companies would lose
a large amount of profitable local
traffic and it did not take the freight
traffic agents of the two roads long to
fully appreciate the danger that threat
ened them and to report the facts to
their superiors.
Continued From Page 1, Column 1.
THREE POPULAR BELLES,
WHO DANCED AT THE CO
TILLOX CLUB ASSEMBLY.
Quong was to be deported as a Chi
nese felon, but he claims that he was
born in llarysville and that he has
never been out of this State. He speaks
English perfectly. He was released
from the penitentiary on recommenda
tion, of Prison Director Wilklns and
Senator Felton, his conduct having
been exemplary.
Henry Quong, a Chinese lad about 18
years of age, was released from the
County Jail yesterday by the Federal
authorities on a bond of $300 furnished
by former Senator Charles N. Feltbn.
Quong was awaiting examination on
deportation proceedings and had been
in jail a week- He had been arrested
by the United States immigration of
ficials immediately upon being released
from the penitentiary at San Quentin,
where he had served part of a sentence
for embezzlement, his father and moth
er having been the prosecutors.
Henry Quong Is Released From the
• Penitentiary and Held Up for
Deportation.
CHINESE BOY HAS SOME
INFLUENTIAL FRIENDS
The money should have been paid
November 23. In Kavanagh's answer
to his wife's suit for maintenance he
denies that he has refused to support
her or that she ever had to beg cloth
ing and food from her parents.
Police Officer James H. Kavanagh
has not complied with a court order
directing hini to pay his wife, Charlotte
M. Kavanagh. $25 alimony and $40
counsel fees and he has been cited to
appear before Judge Kerrigan next
Friday and show cause why he should
not be punished for contempt of court.
The citation was issued yesterday.
Police Officer Kavanagh's Wife Has
Him Cited to Appear on Charge
of Contempt.
MUST EXPLAIN TO C0UB.T •
HIS FAILUBE TO OBEY
PILING DEBT OH PACIFIC ROADS.
Will Investigate Her Death.
ALAMEDA. Nov. 24.— Mary McCar
thy died last evening at the maternity
hospital conducted by Mrs. M. K.
Funke, 1416 Eighth street, and there
¦will be an inquest to determine the
cause of the woman's death. She came
to the hospital on the 11th inst., but
had not been attended by a doctor un
til a few hours before her demise. De
ceased was a house servant, aged W
years, and informed her attendant at
the hospital that Michael Kelly of 719
Clay street, Oakland, was her brother.
At the secret meeting in Los Angeles
last week no definite action was de
cided on between the big lumber men
and Mr. Luce. The last named was
forced to leave the south in order to
Join General Manager Kruttschnitt and
other officials of the road in their Jour
ney over to Oerden,' but he made It
clear to the Hoopers and others at the
meeting that Harriman Is determined
to protect them and will personally
take up the matter, with Kruttschnitt
and Stubbs when he arrives here late
this week.
In fact, the business has become so
enormous that the railroads have been
forced to take cognizance of it, but
they have determined on -no plan by
which thev can get a share of it be
cause, as stated before. ] it is second
class traffic that would naturally go
to the Pacific Coast SteamshiD Com
pany if the latter's new competitor was
to withdraw from competition.
In so far as a fight with the Pacific
Coast Company is concerned, that is,
if the latter sho\ild see fit to defy , the
efforts of Harriman to bring about a
peaceful settlement of the existing
trouble for' the protection of the lum
ber interests that are contributing to
the railroad company's revenue in the
south, the railroad would have an ad
vantage over the steamship company.
It could make a deep cut into rates
between San Francisco and southern
ports and soon control a large share
of the business that it now permits the
steamships to enjoy. The cutting of
rates, however, is not to the ? liking of
the head of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, ' and it Is to avoid this that his
agents seek to bring about a settle
ment of the present troubles between
the Pacific Coast Company and the
lumber men in a more friendly manner.
MAY CUT THE RATES.
¦ Those present yesterday were: Mrs.
Harrington; Miss' Louise Harrington,
the bride's sister; Mrs. Tennent Har
rington of Colusa, Mrs. Beach, an aunt
of the bride; Lieutenant Leahy and J.
H. Jewett. ,
H.anify & Co., George D. Gray & Co.,
Swayne & Hoyt. the Robert Dollar
Steamship Company, Pollard & Co. and
Beadle Bros. Between Puget Sound
and Grays Harbor on the north coast
and San Pedro and San t>iego on the
southern coast there are at present ope
rating a fleet of sixty odd schooners,
the majority of which are carrying
passengers, who, in the absence of this
means of travel, .would have to patron
ize the Pacific Coast steamships. A
large number of these vessels load in
the north and on their way down the
coast put into this port for passengers,
frequently getting twenty and thirty
at a time.
At Grays Harbor ana on the Sound
the passenger business developed by
the schooners has beqome so large that
agencies have been establishd for plac
ing the traffic and thousands of dollars
are paid in commissions. These agents
in the north have even gone so far as
to contract for traffic in Tacoma and
other points and pay the way of pas
sengers over rail to the ports of sail
ing.
The marriage of Miss Mary Harrlng
•ton and Lieutenant Commander Albert
P. Nlblack took place yesterday after
noon at 3 o'clock at the home of the
bridge's parents, Mr. and Mrs. "William
P. Harrington, 2129 California etreet.
Chaplain A. A. McAllister, U. S. N., of
ficiated. Owing to the serious illness
of Mr. Harrington, the bride's father,
the large number of invitations issued
¦were recalled and only half a dozen
re'latiyes witnessed the marriage cere
mony?
C. Evans. J. Clyde Harris, Charles L.
Pugh, M. J. Tansey, William F. j
Hooke, Ed W. Gordon, Walter H.
Robinson, Dan C. McCord and O. H.
Hoag Jr. . . • ]
Miss J. A. Dwyer did not put in an
appearance, as was expected, yester
day at the South End School, from
which she was removed as acting prin
cipal by the Board of Education. Officer
Floyd was detailed to escort her out, as
he did the day before, but his services
were not needed.
Mrs. I. D. Reeves, who was consoli
dated out of her place in the Polytech
nic School, reported for duty, but left
after remaining half an hour. She will
report daily to preserve her legal rights.
Miss Dwyer Does Not Appear.
HARR1MAH MftYWAB OH STEAMSHIPS
The members of the Entre Nous Co
tillon Club held another successful as
sembly and german last evening in the
new ballroom of the Palace Hotel. The
ball and reception rooms were taste
fully decorated with palms and flowers.
Five pretty figures were danced un
der the leadership of Sanford G. Le
wal'i, assisted by his partner. Miss
Edr.a L. Mohr. The following named
were in the leading set: Misses Vic
toria G. Armiiage. Viola Bruckrr.an,
Gertrude E. Stephens, Grace Bruck
man. Elizabeth Baker, Anna P. Cow
penhwaite, Mabel Fraser, Juliet Grass,
Alma Deal, Lucy Priber, May
Cowperthwaite, Sallie Sadler, Ella
von Kapff, Pauline E. Ryder,
May Fraser, Henrietta J. Kruse,
Lulu Grundel, Gertrude Hurtzig, Em
ma Planz, Emily C. Edgar, Etta Laugh
rehr, Dora Joost, Maud Wilson, Lulu
Wepener, Dr. Maud Noble, Eleanor
Wegrener, Susie B. Logan, Minnie Sul
livan. May Laydon. Freda Steward.
Edna Wichmann, Messrs, Roger Wil
son, Frank Brown, Richard T. Mills,
Harlow Culver, Walter Conneau, David
Selby, Paul Sturdivant, L, N. Baudoin,
William N. Elfendahl. Dr. A. T. Derby,
Roy S. White. Harry G. Beckwlth. Dr.
Edward D. Keeffe. Roy White, George
On Thanksgiving Day and every Sunday,
the foltowlne round-trip rates in effect via
North Fhore R. R.— Point Reyes, $1 00; To
male? $1 50; Camp Meeker. Monte Rio. Mesa
Grande. f2 00; Duncan Mills and Cazadero.
S'2 CO Train leaves via Sausallto Ferry at S
a. m. K« turns 6:50 p. m. Ticket of flee, C20
Market Street. ¦•
Take a Day Off.
The Supervisors' Street Committee
yesterday recommended that the Board
cf Publif) Works make an estimate of
cpst and cdeate an assessment district
for the reduction of the grade of Golden
Gate avenue from Jones to Leaven
trorth streets with a view to carrying
the improvement into effect.
The committee met with a number of
property owners, a major
ity of whcjrn are in favor of reducing
the grade. Three of the committee of
property owners — James D. Phelan,
Ilenry P. Sonntag and F. A. Hihn — to
whom *£ie matter was referred, report
ed in favor of lowering the grades on
"co'ine equitable plan for the assessment
of damages and benefits, while the oth
er two members, M. Mcrfrenthal and A.
Meyer, dissented.
FAVORS LOWERING GRADE
ON. GOLDEN GATE AVENUE
Annie O'Hare, aged 4 years, was the
first to succumb, her death occurring
on November IS at her parents' home.
Ada Mary, aged only 1 year, died on
the next day, also at home. Eugene,
aged l> years, and Genevieve, only 7
months and 7 days old, were removed
to the City and County Hospital, both
suffering from the disease. The former
"ciied on November "3 and the latter an
?werc-<l the dread summons yesterday.
Now another child and the mother are
in danger of death.
Whooping Cough Carries Off Nearly-
All the Offspring of Eugene
O'Hare.
Four children in the same family, the j
oldest 5 years of age, have died within j
the last six days of the whooping
cough. They are the children of Eu
gene O'Hare of 714. Treat avenue, arid
the record is all the more sad because
another child is very low with the >
dread diseaoee at the City and County
Hospital, and the mother, Mrs. Kath
leen O'Hare, lies seriously ill at her
home.
FOUR CHILDREN IN SAME
FAMILY CALLED BY DEATH
As the result of a conference held
yesterday in the office of Attorney Gen
eral Webb the United Railroads agreed
to pay into Judge Seawell's court the
taxes cm its personal property, aggre
gating in round numbers $400,000. The
corporation has been willing all along
to pay the taxes, but as it was as
sessed both by Assessor Dodge and the
State Board of Equalization it did not
know to whom to pay the money. It
has instituted euit on an interpleader
between the city and the State to de
termine which shall receive the taxes.
The conference was caljed for the
purpose of devising means whereby the
taxes could be paid into the treasury
so the city's portion could be made
available at once. There were present
at the conference besides Webb Dep
uty Attorney General Sturdivant. Dep
uty State Controller Douglas, District
Attorney Babcock of t>an Mateo, Dep
uty City Attorneys ikme and Brobeck
of this city and Tirey L. Ford and Wil
liam M. Abbott, attorneys representing
the United Railroads.
It was agreed that the taxes should
be paid in court and the city's por
tion, bas<?d on the tax rate of $1,076,
will be turned over to Tax Collector
Smith, while the State's portion, based
on a rate of 56.1. cents, will be paid into
the State treasury.
No matter what the decision of the
court may be, the United'Railroads will
thus settle its obligations, both with
the city and the State, and escape the
penalty for ticn-payment owing to the
conflict of authority in the premises.
The committee appointed will prob
ably meet soon to call a convention rep
resented by Congressional districts and
take vigorous action in accordance with
the desires of the members of the St.
Helena Pure "Wine Convention.
Congressman Thomas A. Bell and the |
special committee appointed at the j
meeting for the purpose of drawing a
bill to protect the pure grape wine of
California have had several* meetings
and it is believed have agreed upon
some measure to sustain Dr. Wiley in \
his application tc- Congress to protect j
the viticultural Industry of the United
States.
Pursuant to this resolution A. Sbar
boro. chairman of the meeting, has ap
pointed or. that committee J. L. Ber
inger of St. Helena. Senator M. F. Tar
pey of Fresno and P. C. Rossi of San
Francisco.
Resolved, That the vineyard and wine men
cf the State be requested to call meetings at
central points within each -Consregsional dis
trict, to which meetings Congressional Repre
sentatives be especially Invited, tor the purpose
of lomenting. Interest In the grape and wine In
dustry and to select three delegates to a central
convention to be held hereafter.
Resolved. That the chairman of this conven
tion Is hereby authorized to appoint three dele
gates to meet and confer with like delegates
lrcm other Congressional districts of the State,
to the end that permanent Congressional and
State conventions of crape and wine ] men be
held annually to promote their industry.
v At the meeting of the Pure Wine Con
vention held in St. Helena recently a
resolution proposed by Senator Tarpey
was adopted, reading as follows:
Conferenca Between Attor
neys Results in an
f Agreement.
Will Call Meeting to Pave
Way for Permanent
Organization.
United Railroads Will
Satisfy Obligations
in Court
READY TO PAY
PERSONAL TAXES
Appointment Author
ized by the St. Helena
Convention. .
Members Ga'ther in New Ballroom of the Palace, Which Is-Deco
rated With Palms and Flowers, and Dance Five Pretty Figures.
Niblack-Harrington Wedding Held at Home of/Bride's Parents
SBARBORO NAMES
WINE COMMITTEE
ENTRE NOUS COTILLON CLUB HOLDS
SUCCESSFUL GERMAN AND ASSEMBLY
THE SA1ST FKAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 25. 1903.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A $9.50 TRUNK
F0R $6.00
Made to stand wear and tear. A
eplendid value for $9.50. Has all
beavy brass trimmings, double straps
and two extra trays. Our special
price, $6.00.
DEESS SUIT CASE — Genuine sole
leather, well made, handsome in ap-
pearance. Is worth much £rj r»n
more, but we offer It spe- <fiQiUU
daily for * u uu
Come In and see otir stock of holi-
day Leather Novelties In Suit Cases,
Bags and Traveling Toilet Outfits.
A. B. SMITH CO.
Trunks and Leather Goods.
128-132 Ellis Street Above Powell,
SAK rRAJTCISCO. ¦
(t i visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
OF AHATOBY?
> The i-*rprst Acatomica! Mosctna in the \
40 f. lyt. w World. WeaJuM»« er ii.jr cnntnctrit A
' "¦**; tr»i «Jne»>e »«rt««»»l7CT»4t>r the eldest f
gffgjajl -^citiiiooUtCoir. Esc 36 years. £
P kS&s cr - JORdam-diseases cf men a
X F55t5B CoriMiluooo free «nd ttritljr pfirirc. \
O t J>«< H Treat-orm prnontlly « tj Irrter. A g
1 S If 11 K '""¦c* Own in erery case mxlrnaken. ~
c r / Hip > •« (« d «a. puii.okh'uv «r j
\ j\ if ' SillRIAUK. MAILED FKEE. (Af
A <i It- »--!'«• toot for B'tj Jl
J cn - JUBDtN' Ct CO.. 1051 Market St.. 8. F. r
~~ . i
Jff^ Those enfferin? from weak-
_ r^ _ nesses which sap the pleasures
ZJL S of life ehculd take Juven Pills.
"' One bottle will tell a |tory of
SEI*!? 11 ,?/*** l V Th *» medicine has more
E£ SSJSP £ tAli ! in e *°rc« than has ever
bf-en offered. Sent bv mall in plain package
OE xf ? a .f*** 1 ** 9' til* adv. and 5L
b &"* ?n*»nators C. L Hood Co.. pro-
prietors Hood* bareaparilla, Lowell, ilasa.
ff **iL^ A MILLION GRANDMAS all over B
1 /&G5**^i*T\- America point to OASOARET3 D
h «§P^ \V-^* O^k Candy Cathartic as the most per- If
I ar^ % _flrm f® 0 * fiunily medicine ever discov- II
| JT j» •Ov^^SSs*. ©red. Good, kind, tender-hearted |
| I x --^" "'^wS^bS^L old soul — grandma tries to help BJ
E I v v^T *" VJiiciSSH® others by tellinsr of the good things |i
I * &Y '&£9L f§Hg|£aSM she haa learned through experience I
I I •~\ Kfy&siiH and so the sale of CASCARET3 is it
8 \ra& pWJL^^N OVER A MILLION BOXES A \
k{ p^Jn i ir^~ J^^&*tt^$3gM MONTH. Yeara of experience -with R
1 / /v jmBBaoaF her own health, and grandpa's and |
4 V i> ki&te*z^i(d&%2$S&!& her children's, and her children's g|
N V^^^^-^^?«^^*^ children's have taught grandma M
a V\vteSs3Ey^fl»iiiL. tliat OASOARETS Candy Cathar- |
H 1 \v?5»>v sJBsasS&S tio are tne only perfect medioine m
§1 I 0m,^T ,ffS|ii^A for *& oo-wel troubles, children's |f
|J | jf£&s?fi&£*£r diseases, diseases of the stomach |
P V .ifciirejfyifeffl and 1 i vor » si 0^ headaches, bilious- m
y ness, and bad blood. Best for the |
p §jp^g*§&g£||Cg3H^ bowels. All drug-gists, 10c, 25c, |
H J^^V^ay^^ag^li^y 50a Never sold in bulk. Genuine ||
E A^^ SfiSOiP^^ tablet stamped C C C. Sample and p
0-^C^^(r^i|lp^ "Thmy ntakm STERLING REMEDY COMPANY,
pi Jp&.ASr m0fee J,» • Chicago or New York.
i D"VT CATM AF*TI C^^ ggjgrgl^^
I ANNUAL SALE-TEN MILLION BOXES I
FRAGERS
To Every Visitor to Our Store.
Great Red Letter Day Special.
Price 50c— Tape Girdle Corset— $ 1 .00 Value
As the great feature of to-day's bargains we have taken an entire
stock— five hundred pairs of Corsets, and marked them at an extremely
low price. These Corsets ere made of heavy tape, boned with rust-
proof celluloid tipped steels. The colors are pink, blue, white and b!ack ;
sizes IS to 24. They are as pretty and serviceable a Corset as con be
found in the market, end at the price we are offering them are a bar*
gain that should not be nvssed.
fACWAY^RELIABLE
123ft-J250 MARKET St«****
This store will remain open unto 10 o'clock this evening and be dosed
all day to-morrow (Thanksgiving).THE S AN FRANCISCO 6 ALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . . - ." • . ... . Address Afl Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
~ • '. . . ~ * _ _ .
Publication Office...... <jgg§ip^> Third and Market Streets, S. 7.
WEDNESDAY NOVEMBER 25, 1903
In a court controversy in Santa Rosa an attorney sought
to demonstrate a few days since that a hasty marriage is
proof conclusive of- insanity. Such efforts as these, de
signed, by implication, at least, to make us duly suspicious
of. many of-pur fellow-men, otherwise worthy, cannot be too
quickly 'discountenanced or sternly suppressed
INFORMATION BUREAU— A Sub
scriber, City. The California Promotion
Association on New Montgomery street
is an information bureau as to the
State. There are a number of private
establishments that have information
bureaus In connection with their busi
ness, but this department will not ad
vertise such.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies. 50c a pound. In artistic are
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bids. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main IOC •
Striking exercise with all the pairs of
finger* on both hands alternately,
counting exactly as in the non-striking
two-finger exercise and gradually In
creasing the tempo by means of the
count system explained in the last les
son.
.Watch his relaxing, for there are
now three things which he is doing at
once— striking, using two fingers and
appreciably Increasing his velocity —
and under the weight of all this respon
sibility he cannot always be expected
to remember to keep perfectly relaxed
Juet at first The very fact of his hav
ing so much to do is enough to make
his muscles tighten in the desire to do
It all as well as possible, if you do not
remind him of the necessity to free his
muscles by frequent applications of the
circle motion, of the non-striking-flnger
notion (this last a great help if used
alternately with the striking motion),
the "down-arm" and so forth. Make
b!m go over the old ground frequently,
and be will each time return to the
present exercise with added ease and
understanding. He will find all the old
exercises of more value Instead of less
ae time goes on.
When he has entirely mastered this
last exercise and his fingers have sig
nified their willingness and desire t'o
work happily together in the proper
manner, be has passed a milestone
NEW YORK ELECTION— Subscriber.
City. The question asked in regard ta
majorities in "Hearst's district in .New
York" is too obscure to admit of an an
swer. I If you will state definitely what
you want to know, this department will
endeavor to give the information de
sired. Correspondent* in asking ques
tions should state them plainly.
THE LOBSTER— S. A. M., Sebasto
pol. Cal. The true Eastern lobster la
not to be found on the coast of Cali
fornia. The crawfish, which is sold in
the markets of California as lobster, is
taken along the coast from Santa Bar
bara south.
"Mrs. Marie Pigrum Harrison was
the old lady's name, and she was born
In Hampton Parish, Middlesex, about
twelve miles from London, England,
in the month of November, r803. Her
father, she was fond of telling, was
bootmaker to George III, and it was in
the vicinity of Hampton Court Palace
that she frequently saw that potentate
in the course of the rambles about the
neighborhood which history describes
Farmer George as fond. of taking.
"Mrs.; Harrison was a handsome and
sprightly young girl when George III
died,', but her recollection of him went
back to the time when she was a little
child and when one day as the Kins
met her In his rambles he stopped and
spoke to her. and chucked her under
the chin, as Mrs. Harrison always re
lated in recalling the' incident.'
"It was not until she was a married
woman of 36 years that she came with
her husband to this country, and for
•ixty-four years— longer than the aver-
"There died in Brooklyn— 146 Law
rence street— recently a lady whose
span of life covered an even century,
whose memory went back to George III,
who was 23 years old when Thomas
Jefferson died, and who was a mature
woman of 34 when Samuel F. Morse
filed his caveat In the Washington pat
ent office for the electro-magnetic tele
graph," says the New York Sun. "She
was 8 years old when Thackeray was
born and 9 years old when Dickens was
born. 7'.
Saw George III.
DESCENDING SCALE, THUMB
UNDER.
LEGAL ADVICE— S.. Novato, Cal.
The several questions In the letter of
inquiry to this department are such as
should be answered by a reputable law
y$r. This department does not give le
gal advice nor decide questions of law.
CADET — Reader, City. A young man
desiring to become a cadet on board of
a vessel of a steamship company that
has such should make application to the
company as to the method of procedure
in order to secure an appointment.
THE time is fast approaching when at the St. Louis
Exposition California must take her place among her
sister States and, in the stern competition among
them and the nations of the earth, be judged. By her works
and not by what she may say of herself the State will be
known. What she has done in her fields and farms, in her
orchards and vineyards, will tell the story of her value to
the seeker after wealth and' contentment. . How her people
have labored in the arts and sciences, what she has of re
fining, healthy civilization will be the test that will attract or
repel desirable settlers who want conditions better than
their own.
It is a duty, therefore, of the highest moment for every
county of the State to co-operate heartily and enthusiastically
with the commissioners of California to this great sample
emporium of the world's best things. Every endeavor must
be made to make California's display what it easily can be—
the best in the United States. , We have wealth beyond com
pare and must show it that our words may not seem idle
boasting. It is from actual things, exhibits, visible, tangible
proof that the world judges, and these we must supply.
Our products themselves are our best praise. They speak
more eloquently than volumes of statistics or catalogues of
boasted advantages. Perhaps the virtues of exhibits, occa
sional and permanent have been most worthily recited in
the statement in The Call by Frank Wiggins, sec
retary of the Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce. - On this
vitally important subject Mr. Wiggins, wrote as follows:'
"Besides maintaining a permanent exhibit of California
products in its own quarters, which has been visited by over
a million people, the chamber has had charge of and partici
pated in four local citrus fairs. The orange carnival in Chi
cago was visited by 100,000 people. Regular shipments of
fiuit were made to 'California on Wheels/ a traveling- ex
hibit visited by a million people. The Southern California
exhibit in the World's Columbian Exposition was admitted
to be one of the'fmest State exhibits there, and was visited
by an immense 'number of people. . '.'¦ :\
"A fine'Southern California display was -made in an artis-
BY OUR WORKS. WE ARE KNOWN.
THE ANGELUS— J., Sanger, Cal.
"The Angelusr," painted by Jean Fran
cois Millet in 1S59, was never exhibited
in San Francisco. His painting entitled
"The Man With the Hoe," painted in
1863, was.
To the men who go down to the sea in ships these are
sad times of wreck, disaster and death. The storm, god
that is bringing rain and life to the- fields and farms is
clothing the coasts with a pall of gloom out of which are
dashed the mangled shapes of ships and men. To this story
of the seasons there are always two sides.
PARNELL— Subscriber, Walker, Cal.
Charles Stewart Parnell was born in
Avondale, County Wicklow, Ireland.
June 27, 1S4S. H<? died in Brighton,
England, October 6, 1891.
TELEGRAPH— J. E., City. The prop
osition to Issue bonds for the Improve
ment of Telegraph Hill Park was car
ried by the necessary two-thirds vote.
'Answers to Queries.
In descending the scale the wrist does
almost all the work in ' bringing\ the
third finger into position, and with it
the hand. Get the child to concentrate
his thought on his Wrist as much as
possible right here. The "imaginary
string," pulling the wrist sideways,
will help, and a few trials of the "wa
ter motion" will make it easier f~- him.
In both the ascending and descending
scale there is a decided lateral motion
of the wrist. In the ascending scale it
helps the thumb at the moment when
the thumb having moved up under the
hand until it stands over F, it drops
upon the key and the wrist motion
brings the hand along until each fin
ger stands free, in playing position
again.
• . • - •
The third finger is now once more in
its old place, over E, bringing the sec
ond finger over D and the thumb'over
C; so the rest of the descent Is simple
enough, always remembering to follow
all the rules.
All will be plain sailing until the
thumb (striking F) is reached. The
moment the thumb hits F the third
(middle) finger rises, -and, still keeping
its curved position, moves over the
thumb to the left until it stands up
raised (but still curved) over E. The
other fingers slip lightly along with it
but do not change their curved posi
tion In the meantime.
When the highest note of the octave
has been successfully reached start
down again by striking B with the
fourth finger and so on.
As soon as the thumb is in place on
the key of F make a revolution or two
of the circle motion to Insure perfect
freedom, and then let the fingers con
tinue their way up the scale to C, al
ways counting "one, two, three" be
tween each two movements of the
finge»s, taking plenty of time between
each two strokes to see that everything
is working correctly, but making the
stroke itself as rapid as possible in
each case.
The sweeping motion, . which brings
the thumb from the key of C to its po
sition over to F, all comes from the
tip of the thumb, in the same way as
does the lifting motion of the thumb
in the two-finger exercise. It is pre
cisely the same thing, except that one
motion is vertical and the other lateral.
The thumb, while in its upraised
position under the hollow of the hand,
must keep as free and easy of action as
when it is in its natural position on
the key. It is important that the pupil
should understand the exact position
of the thumb when held under the hand
in this position. It should be almost at
right angles from its ordinary playing
position, and yet the knuckles should
be curved as always, and not allowed
to become displaced.
tion. The arch of the knuckles must
remain perfect, and hand, fingers, wrist
and arm must be perfectly relaxed.
"The prisoner was a man. say 35
years old. He had been a typical mor
phine user, but evidently the drug had
long ago ceased to satisfy his cravings.
You would not believe that he went
to the gas burner in his cell for con
solation, would you? That is precisely
what h« did do, and this is the way
he worked his extraordinary method of
stilling the nerve call for narcotics.
"The gas burner was out of reach
from the floor, so my man stood on
a chair and thus brought his mouth
and nostrils above the orifice. He turn
ed off the fluid, extinguishing the flame,
and waited a minute or two for the
burner to cool. Then, placing his mouth
over the burner, he turned on the key
and inhaled the poisonous fumes un
til almost overcome apparently. But
he retained sense enough to turn off
the key and then to get to his bunk.
The dose lasted him for several hours.
After recovering the gas fiend would
repeat the performance, and I have
known him to take three or four such
doses in a night. He said it was better
than morphine or any other drug he
had been able to buy."
1
"In twenty-five years' experience
with the lowest forms of humanity I
have encountered some queer custom
ers," said a gray-haired prison keep
er. "But the limit was an illuminating
gas fiend who was locked up one night
and gave us no end of trouble.
Beats Kerosene Frappe.
Senator Perkins has served continuously since he "was
appointed, in 1893, to fill the vacancy caused by the death of
Senator Stanford, and ranks now quite among the seniors
of- the Senate. His experience and standing have won for
him steady progress on the committees, and he is now
chairman of the Committee on Civil Service and Retrench
ment — a leading committee — and is a member of the com
mittees on Appropriations, Commerce, Fisheries, Forest
Reservations, Naval Affairs and Transportation Routes to
the Seaboard. It will he observed that six of these com
mittees touch closely the interests of California, while the
Civil Service Committee relates to the whole Union.
Senator Bard has also fared well. He is chairman of the
Irrigation Committee — a leading place — and is a member of
the committees on Indian Affairs, Public Lands, Railroads,
-Territories and Woman Suffrage. Of these four have im
mediate bearing on the interests of this State and the West.
Our two Senators include in their. committee influence Ap
propriations, Commerce, Fisheries, Forest Reservations,
Naval Affairs, Transportation, Irrigation, Public Lands,
Railroads and Territories. Inspection of the new committee
list will show that in no other case do the assignments of
the two Senators from a State show as exact application to
the requirements of a constituency as theirs.
It is no easy matter to make a happy allotment of the
Senators to committees. There are fifty-five standing com
mittees ' of the Senate and ninety members to be placed.
Each party names its members to each committee, the ma
jority, of course, taking the majority of each and leaving
the lesser number to the "minority. There are fifty-seven
Republican Senators for placement on fifty-five committees.
As their party has upon it the responsibility that goes with
power, the assignment is no easy task. The people of this
State are to be congratulated that they fare so well.
The most noteworthy change in the Senate committees is
the passing of Senator Morgan from the chairmanship of
Interoceanic Canals. This was foreshadowed in his long and
vigorous fight against the Panama route. The Republican
Senate had kept him at the head of that committee, in recog
nition of the' great interest of the South in a canal. But
when his personal views became so indurated and stubborn
that he seemed incapable of looking over them to! the
broader issue involved, he naturally took on the character of
an obstructionist. In that capacity, soon after the meeting
of the present session, he attacked the administration in the
Panama: matter, and no one will more readily recognize the
propriety of retiring from the head of. the ; committee than
he. It is necessary to the construction of the canal that the
chairman of the committee shall work in harmony with the
administration. The minority will doubtless' give to Sena
tor Morgan a place on the committee, where it is to be
hoped he will be at last found working in harmony for the
success of the project.
IN" the committee assignments the California Senators
have fared well. This State is so remote and, after all,
is so little understood, that it needs the, power and in
fluence of consecutive service in both branches of Congress
in order to get the attention from the Government which
its interests require. ~
DESCENDING SCALE, THIRD
FINGER OVER.
CALIFORNIA IN THE SENATE.
It seems almost incredible that the United States of Co
lombia wishes seriously to be annexed to the republic of
Panama, but the information to that effect seems to be
authoritative. Let no one dare to doubt hereafter the fable
of the tail that would wag the dog. But what impudence
there is in such a tail.
Suddenly he reached for the blank de
cree, gazed sharply at the- title and
then at the newspaper. Then he tore
up the legal document. On the. first
page of the paper were the pictures of
a man and a woman. Underneath them
were these lines: "Pictures of James
Adams, who was drowned yesterday,
and of Mary Adams, his wife, who
gave up her life in attempting to save
him."
"Come in," he said, and in walked
a newsboy with the afternoon papers.
The Judge purchased one, and then,
forgetful of the document awaiting hi»
signature, commenced to read.
A Superic-r Judge sat in his cham
bers last Saturday afternoon, busily
poring over the notes he had taken dur
ing the progress of the trial of the suit
for divorce brought by Mary Adams
against James Adams. No defense had
been entered by Adams, and the Judge
was about to sign the decree .when he
was interrupted by a knock on the
door.
The Unsigned Decree.
Sometimes the first finger (thumb)
evinces a tendency to throw itself out of
joint at the lar~e knuckle. I' have often
seen this happen, when the other fin
gers were all under perfect control, and
there was apparently no reason for it.
It signifies absolutely nothing but a
slight wpaknPFS of that particular Joint
and a little lack of control, and while
cot in the least alarming is something
which must not be allowed to go on.
The only way to cure it is to stop the
exercise and bring the knuckle back
Into position every time it happens — a
thousand times if necessary. It some
times takes weeks to effect a complete
cur*, but when once conquered the
fault never returns, and it is worth
overcoming, not only because the trou
~-ble indicates weakness^ but because It
fives a vory ugly look to the hand.
• • •
Th« child must now practice this
exercise to practical use and begin
"striking."
This he mupt do in exactly the same
way that he practiced the single finger
exercise — that is, cut Just enough
Strength (not one bit more) into the
tip of ihe descending finger to depress
the k«-y on which the finger'lights suf
ficiently to cause a slight sound. While
this must be done as lightly and deli
cately as possible, great care must be
taken that the stroke is not slovenly
and that the finger hits the center of
the key, so as to avoid hitting the note
on either side of the one in present use.
Be sure, too. that the fingers do not
etraighten themselves in their efforts to
bring the rroper sound from the key.
They must ke kept arched, exactly as
in the non-striking exercise.
TWO - FINGER EXERCISE. .
STRIKING.
Most of the revolutions of the nine
teenth century resulted from troops
taking the same view as the Round
heads in the days of the Great Pro
tector in England. The overthrow in
1868 of Queen Isabella of Spain; of Em
press Eugenie when Regent of France,
in 1870, or King Louis Philippe, in 1S48;
of Kins Otho of Greece, in 1859, were
due to the failure of the soldiers to
rally round their sovereign in moments
when the latter were in open conflict
with their people — that is to say, with
the state — while It was solely due to
the loyalty of the army to the monarch
and to its preferring its allegiance to
the crown to its obligations to the peo
ple that the rulers of Holland, Prussia.
Baden, Saxony, Austria and other
states were able to save their thrones
from being engulfed by the great wave
of popular revolution that .swept over
Europe in 1843.
Revolutions.
' Like fiends from hell abreast they rode;
Uncanny, gaunt and grim.
Way in the reefs like sea-bulls lowed
The fierce rote, dull and dim.
While like a throng of hydras sleek
You'd hear the hissing surges speak-
Abreast they rode, with heads thrown
• back,
Undaunted for the strife;
A moment on a vessei'a tack
They feasted full with life.
Then, 'mid the spangles of the sheen.
They toyed with Death, all white and
lean.
j Then leering up the sullen north.
They swerved by ledge and reef.
A-strewing blooms of yellow froth
And sprays of fadeless grief. J
Then leisurely, witlL»hissy Jog,
They taunted long the scowling fo£
i A moment now a winging gull
They seemed to catch and hold;
\ Then backward 'gainst a heaving hult
They hurled It dead and cold;
I Then leaping in a trembling sail.
They dragged It downward to the rail.
Now underneath their stomachs dark
They hid a struggling prow.
And tossed a spar and cowed a bark
To take Death's awful vow. - ;-
J Ihen reaching out like some great arm..
1 They clutched a billion bubbles' charm.
; All through the night, all through the
day.
Like Furies did they dance,
I Until from out the heavenly way
God woke their savage trance.
: And led and guided by- his hand.
' All penitent, they kissed the sand.
—Boston Transcript
Masque of the Combers.
In our last l^fson we took up for the
first time an exercise in which more
than one finger is employed, and as
Boon as the pupil has accustomed him
•elf to using the two fingers in com
bination it is time for him to put the
BT ANICE TERHL'NE.
(Son*: writer formerly director of music In the
College of St. John the Haptist. N>«' York.)
<CapyriRht. IWJ. by Josoj.h 15. Bowies.)
Practice in Scales.
age lifetime of people who are consid
ered pretty, well on In years when thej
die — she lived in the United States."
As the original supporter of the free market. The Call
points out the impolicy of rushing to the conclusion that its
failure is due to the non-action' of the- Harbor Commission,
which we think is not the case. To put the blame there is
to continue what we think will be found to.be the real
cause — the inertia of the producers themselves. When that
is overcome the market will appear.
If organization among the producers will do it, they
should organize. They have an excellent organization al
ready in the Grange. It is found in- nearly every rural
neighborhood. It holds annual State conventions. Its
purpose is to promote the social side of rural life and
defend rural industries against unjust : aggression. Why
is not this relation of producer to consumer a proper
object of its solicitude? We have certain city or
ganizations. One, we believe, is composed of ladies who
refuse to trade at stores where the women help are not sup
plied with proper facilities for resting, but are compelled to
stand on their feet all day long. That is a praiseworthy
purpose. Why cannot such an organization agree to go
marketing to the free market, or to take household supplies
from the peddlers and distributers who get their stock in
that market? - . ' . .
A CORRESPONDENT recalls the pioneer effort made
by The Call for a free market, in which the producer
and consumer of fruits and vegetables can come into
immediate relations. The Call led public sentiment to de
mand such a market, and after a long struggle a law was
passed empowering the Harbor Commission to furnish fa
cilities for it on the public docks which belong to the State.
We are not aware of any action on the part of the. Har
bor Commission to evade the law or refuse the facilities it
provides. Yet there is no market on the designated' dock
where producer and consumer come together, ana the cur
rent rates of domestic supplies of fruits and vegetables fur
nish evidence that tae consumer is being squeezed, but not
for the benefit of the producer.
It is the same condition that prompted The Call's first
action in this matter. As an illustration of what then ex
isted, we showed that a grower of sweet potatoes had to let
his fine crop rot in the ground because the combination of
middlemen offered him less than the cost of digging, while
the consumer was paying a price that would have netted
the producer $600 per acre for his crop. He would have
been content with a less return that would have promoted
consumption by a lower price to the consumer, but between
producer and consumer there was a control that neither
could master, so good food rotted and the consumer was
exploited.
One need not go far afield in search for proof of the
present existence of the same conditions. The question is.
Can it he retredied? We are convinced that if producer and
consumer meet on the free market dock they can deal with
each other. But they don't seem to meet there. Professor
Hilgard says it is due to the lack of a faculty of organization
in the producers. But. by natural law, where the demand
is, there the supply should gravitate. And so, where the
supply is. there demand will go for satisfaction. The trou
ble seems to be that the producers have not the habit of
attending to their own business, and they don't know how.
Every day nearly 400,000 consumers in this city pay cash
for their fruit and vegetable supply. At a low estimate the
daily supply costs $40,000. If the producer and consumer
could be brought together, the exchange of products for
money would amount to that every day. Who and where
is the wizard that can bring them together? It must be
done by each class taking on a new habit, of going to mar
ket, one to sell and the other to buy. Is it possible that
the water front is not conveniently located for the buyers?
Would they focus the demand in one place and tempt the
supply to come there if the location were different? To
make a market there must be buyers and sellers, and where
they are not there is no exchange and no market.
Some suggest that the geographical location of San Fran
cisco, in its relation to the source of supply, is against a
fiee market, for a producer can't hitch up his team and load
his market wagon and take an all-road drive to (town. In
all the large Eastern cities there are fine free markets,
largely patronized, and banked around them are the carts
and wagons of the producers who have driven in, in the
early hours of the morning, the loads that they stowed the
night before. Such was the custom in the remote time
when those cities were villages, and it is a fixed habit that
has followed their growth. But it seems never to have
been the custom here. .How shall it be made so?
When Mascon was not watching
Luigi slid without a cry into the icy
waters. Some one will" pick Mascon
up, he thought, and then the children,
won't have to starve. But he was not
to be allowed to- go to his death un
seen. Calling to him to swim for his
life Mascon plunged from the raft to
the aid of his fellow fisherman, who
he thought had become exhausted and
lost his hold.
Vainly he attempted to reach him
and get back to the raft again, but the
waves were cruel and beat him unmer
cifully in the face, taking away his
breath. Luigi, knowing that death
stared them in the face, made a last
attempt to reach Mascon. Fate was
against them and the morning sun
rose over the watery grave of two he-
But a sudden flurry capsized the
craft, which sank immediately. The
men hung to a hatch that floated free
from the boat. . It soon became appar
ent that the small mass of boards
would not hold the two of them. Luigi
thought quickly. He had no one to
depend on him. Mascon had always
been as a brother to him ar.d had once
saved his life at the risk of his own.
Yes, what did he care for life if his
brother should perish? One of them
had to let go the frail raft in, order
that the other might be saved.
, Luigi and Mascon were two Italian
fishermen who sailed the deep waters
of the Golden Gate and out beyond into
the blue waves of the Pacific in search
of the finny inhabitants of the ocean.
It was one day in November that the
two fishermen sailed out through the
heads with the hope of filling their lit
tle smack with the diet of Fridays. The
weather was threatening, but Mascon,
the master of the craft, knew that
there were four little mouths to feed
at home and four little bodies to clothe.
Luigi had no special need to venture
from the wharves on that day, but
as Mascon's companion and fearing
nothing lie went. Outside the heads
a few miles the small boat was struck
by a terrific gale. All thought of a
catch that day was abandoned and the
two men put about the boat to make
for the harbor.
Friends Unto Death.
In affecting this sleight of hand move
ment, so to speak, the hand must not
for an instant be thrown out of posi-
¦The thumb takes the place of the
fourth finger, on F, and as the thumb
is lowered over the note the other four
fingers fall at once into position on the
remaining four notes.
It would be well right here to remind
the pupil that the notes occupied by his
five fingers are C, D, E. F, G, and that
the other notes in this octave are A.
B and C. Consequently the note that
the thumb is hovering over, ready to
strike, is F, as E has just been struck
by the third finger.
As the thumb falls on F. the second
finger is again raised, and falls in its
turn on G. Then the third finger
strikes A (still emitting no sound), the
fourth falls on B, and the fifth finger
(little) takes the only note left to it
(C) and so completes the octave.
With the hand at playing position,
raise the first finger (thumb) of the
right hand slowly, according to the
two-finger, non-striking exercise. At
the count three lower it instantly (noc
striking) and raise the second finger,
also according to the two-finger, non
strikins exercise. Here, however, the
similarity between the two exercises
ceases^ As the second finger drops
again into place after being upraised,
the third finger rises (at the count
"three," as did the second finger be
fore it). At the same time (and here
the pupil must attend very carefully,
for it is most important) the first finger
(thumb) leaves its place on the key
(C), and. while the rest of the hand in
no way alters its position, the thumb
moves under the second finger, toward
the right, or upper part of the piano,
until, as the third finger stands up
raised, the thumb is over the same key
as is the fourth finger, and is held up
until it almost touches the palm of the
hand, as it waits for the signal to
drop; for in this case the thumb (first
finger) is to strike the note that, in or
dinary sequence, 'would be struck by
the xc-jrth finger, and it must be ready
to do so the instant the third finger
drops upon its note.
which marks 'an epoch in his musical
progress. In other words, he has
reached the mysterious land of scales,
and can turn and look back along the
road up which he has toiled and see
plainly Just why each turning had to
be made, in order to bring him without
harm and in the least fatiguing way to
the summit of this first little eminence.
through the State.
"The State Board of Trade has never thought, nor does
it now think, that the highest function is to stimulate a large
movement of people into the State, without reference to
their-condition, unless intelligent direction is given newcom
ers after they are here, that they may in selecting future
homes do so with judgment and wisdom and. become con
tented and prosperous citizens.
"In this direction the State board stands alone — so far as
the central and northern parts of the State are concerned.
Bare statistics do not give all the information required by
the homeseeker; statistics are valuable and often important,
but they need to be supported with general information in
respect to conditiqns in the'various districts of the State."
With such advantages for proper presentation of the re
sources of the State at hand it seems suicide on the part of
any county that will net take instant measures to avail itself
of them.
The manifold advantages of adequate display by the coun
ties of California at St. Louis simply emphasize the need of
permanent exhibits in large centers of population in Cali
fornia. While we are to gain much by entering as we
should into the world-wide competition made possible by
the exposition, we should not forget that thousajids of vis
itors arc entering' California every month. They go, natu
rally, to our great cities, to Los Angeles, San Francisco,
San Jose or Sacramento. They come with a purpose to in
vestigate us and our conditions, for themselves. They have
money to invest in new enterprises and in new homes. They
wish to improve and cultivate our rich lands, but they want
to see what we can do and what we have to offer.
Where better may they see our resources in actual results
than in permanent displays prominently and attractively
made in San Francisco or elsewhere? That we have such a
display the splendid work of the State Board of Trade
amply attests. This is what Arthur R. Briggs, manager, of
the State Board <*f Trade, had to say on this subject in The
Call, and his words should be heeded by the progressive
people of every county in California. In part he said:
"No one can form anything like a correct estimate of the
wonderful resources and marvelous productiveness of the
State without seeing and investigating for himself. The ex
hibits which have been maintained by the board during the
period of its existence, since 1888, are object lessons which
unfold to the newcomer some idea of the productiveness
and agricultural wealth of the State. These object lessons
give to many people information that cannot be obtained
in any other way except by personal observation and travel
tic building at the Midwinter Fair in Sc . Francisco. A
permanent exhibit was maintained in Chicago for two years
which was visited by half a million people. A most suc
cessful display of products was made by the Chamber of
Commerce at the Pan-American Exposition in Buffalo in
1901, the secretary of the chamber remaining in Buffalo dur
ing the entire period of the exposition.
"Other exhibits have been made by the Chamber of Com
merce at Hamburg, at Guatemala, at Atlanta, at Omaha, at
the World's Fair in Paris and at many other places.
"The chamber maintains a permanent exhibit in the Board
of Trade rooms in San Francisco."
THE FREE MARKET.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1903.
8
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESSANTA ROSA, Nov. 24. — Ed Lambkin,
an aged resident of Garberville, was
found dead yesterday afternoon under
the porch of the Frank McNamara house.
The man had been intoxicated Sunday,
and it is presumed he wandered around
and crept under the porch for shelter.
A Coroner's Jury rendered a, verdict ; of
death from exposure to the cold, super
induced by alcoholism.
Charles Goodstein, 307 Jones street,
secured a warrant yesterday for the
arrest'.of "John Doe" on a charge of
battery. He alleges that he met a
young man on Monday night, who
complained of being very sick. He
took pity on the young man and invit
ed him to his room, where he had some
medicine he thought would do him
good. He gave the stranger a dose of
the medicine and tO: his surprise the
supposed sick man struck hinv on the
face, threw him to the floor, and pick
ing up $2 that fell from his pockets,
ran out. •
Kindly Act Not Appreciated.
HONOLULU^ Nov. 24.— A compro
mise has been effected between the
United States and the Honolulu Plan
tation Company in the matter of the
lands of the corporation desired by the
Government for its naval station - at
Pearl Harbor. The verdict of a jury
had fixed the price to be paid at $102,
000. An appeal was taken and the case
has now been settled by the payment
into the Federal court of $75,000 by the
United States. For this sum the plan
tation company will give deeds to the
property and the Government will ac
quire all the land needed for the naval
station. This settles the last of the
Pearl Harbor land suits.
Compromise Has Been Effected and
Government Gets Naval Station
Site for $75,000.
LAST OF PEAEL HARBOR
LITIGATION IS FINISHED
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Nov. 24.— A
homing pigeon wearing a silver band
with this legend, "For you alone, H. L.
E., Fort Selkirk, 1903." was shot in Co
lumbia, Mo., to-day.
Bullet Slays Carrier Pigeon.
The California Promotion Committee
has prepared a letter to be sent to
prominent citizens asking them to co
operate with the committee, that the
work may be extended. In the com
munication it is set forth that the com
mittee has about 300 associate mem
bers and an income of $2000 per month.
It Is believed that this can be aug
mented by calling the attention of those
who are now members to the necessity
of an increase of membership. The
communication is In full as follows:
The Callfprnla Promotion Committee has
about three hundred associate members and an
income of $2000 a month. The committee be
lieves that this should and can be greatly aug
mented by simply calling the attention of those
who are not now members to the necessity of
an increase in the membership to carry on the
Experience has shown that many effective
methods may be employed to advertise Cali
fornia more extensively and be the means of
bringing thousands of desirable people to our
State. Results have already proven how much
can be accomplished by systematic and per
sistent effort.
¦With a larger fund the plans or the commit
tee can be carried out.
That California should be advertised In a
fitting way and corresponding with her im
portance In a fact no one disputes. May -not
your co-operation be expected?
From the Inclosed card you will observe that
bv becoming an associate member one does
nbt obligate himself as to time, this being en
tirely optional with the subscriber. It la an
ticipated the work will show such results that
associate members will be permanent. This
has been the case since the organization of the
committee. ¦ *
The names of all associate members are luted
in For California, the monthly publication of
tho committee, under business headings. The
distribution of this publication is world-wide.
First issue will appear December 10, 1903.
Circular Letter Is Issued in Which
Purpose to Extend Work "Is
Set Forth.
PROMOTION COMMITTEE
SEEKS .MORE MEMBERS
LONDON. Nov. 24.— The Countess of
Euston died in London of bronchitis
to-day. The Countess, who was on the
variety stage when she married in 1871,
FUCcesEfully fought a suit to nullify her
marriage brought by the Earl of Eus
ton in 1SS4. The case was regarded as
one of the most extraordinary ever
heard in the District Court here. The
Earl petitioned for a declaration of nul
lity of his marriage on the ground
that when he married Kate Walsh she
had a husband named Cook alive. The
successful defense of the Countess was
t!?at the man with whom she had gone
through the ceremony of marriage be
fore she married the Earl of Euston
already had a wife living, so that she
was free to marry the Earl.
COUNTESS OF EUSTON
DIES AT BRITISH CAPITAL
Death Eevives Memory of Her Hus
band's Unsuccessful Suit for
Divorce in 1884.
Italy and France for Peace.
ROME, Nov. 24.— M. Narrere, the
French Embassador here, has almost
concluded negotiations for an arbitra
tion treaty between Italy and France.
FLORENCE, Italy, Nov. 24.— A civil
marriage took place here to-day be
tween Miss Cornelia Scovel, daughter
of Mrs. Roosevelt-Scovel, and, Count
Arturo Fabricotti. United States Con
sul Cramer and . Count <Bastogl were
the witnesses. " ~ t! ¦ '
Yankee Bride for Italian Count.
By the terms of the treaty the United
States relinquishes in favor of Cuba all
claims to title to the island and re
ceives in consideration grants of coal
ing and naval stations in Cuba. It is
agreed that citizens of the United
States who at the time of exchange of
ratifications of the treaty reside or hold
property In the island shall suffer no
diminution of rights or privileges ac
quired prior to the exchange.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 24.— The treaty
between the United States and Cuba for
the adjustment of title to the owner
ship of the Isle of Pines has been re
turned to the Senate Committee on
Foreign Relations for an inquiry con
cerning the interest of American citi
zens before action is taken. The treaty
was reported favorably by the commit
tee yesterday and in executive i session
to-day Senator Bacon called it for rati
fication. Objection was made by Sena
tor Penrose, acting for Senator Quay,
on the ground that certain citizens of
Pennsylvania have Investments on the
island which have not been properly
safeguarded under the treaty. He pro
tested against precipitate action and
at his request the treaty was ordered
recommitted to the Foreign Relations
Committee. The extent of American in
terests will be made the subject of In
vestigation.
ing Interest of American Citizens
Before Taking Action. •
Senate Wants Information Concern-
ISLE OF PINES TREATY
RETURNED TO COMMITTEE
COLUMBIA, • S. C, Nov. 24.— A re
port has reached here that^. James Nel
son, a negro charged with attempted
assault on a white girl, has been
lynched near Jefferson, S. C.
Reported Lynching in. South.
ROME, Nov. 24.— The report that the
Congregation of the Propaganda has
decided to propose to the Pope the ap
pointment of Bishop Messmer of Green
Bay, Wis., as Archbishop of Milwau
kee, Wis., in succession to the late
Archbishop Katzer, is confirmed.
To Be Archbishop of Milwaukee.
1 WASHINGTON, Nov. 24.— The White
House Is in mourning on account of the
death of the President's \mcle, James
K. Grace. There will be no social en
tertainments until the Cabinet dinner,
December 27. President ' and Mrs.
Roosevelt will attend the funeral next
Friday in New York.
White House in Mourning.
Daughter of tiie Late Senator James
G. Pair Is Again a
Mother.
NEW YORK. Xi-i. 24.— Many con
gf.±tulatior.s were sent to Mr. and Mrs.
¦\YilIiam K. Vanderbilt Jr. at their
home to-day because of the birth of a
-daughter. The little one was born
shortly before noon and servants and
rv-.^senpers were dispatched all after
noon with messages for intimate
friends of the family announcing the
-arrival. Among the first of Mrs. Van
derbllt's friends to reach the house was
Mrs. Clarence H. Macicay. Other inti
mate friends called during the after
noon. According to Dr. Swift, who at
tended Mrs. Vanderbilt, mother and
child are doing well. He said the baby
iM p. fine, healthy one.
Mr. and Mrs. William K. Vander
bilt Jr. were married at the home of
Mrs. Hermann Oelrichs in this city.
April 4. 189S. The bride was Miss Vir
pinia Fair, a daughter of the late Sen- !
Jtor James G. Fair of California.
1 This is the second daughter of Mr.
autf Mrs. W. K. Vanderbilt Jr. Little
Muriel, their first child, was born Xo
7--~?r«-ber 24, 1900. Muriel was christen- ;
fd by Father Murphy in the private
I hapel in the archepiscopal palace ad
joining St. Patrick's Cathedral in Jan- j
uary, 1901.
STOEK BRINGS ANOTHER
GIRL TO VANDERBLLTS
PARIS, Nov. 24.— The Patrie asserts
that four secret arrests have been made
at Marseilles of anarchists suspected
of plotting against the King and Queen
of Italy when the royal train recently
passed through Marseilles and appar
ently confirmed the report that another
attempt on the lives of the Italian sov
ereigns occurred at Cherbour?,' where
a soldier is said to have discovered
rocks on the rails. Both reports, how
ever, are unverified.
SUSPECTED OF PLOTTING
DEATH OF KING AND QUEEN
French Police Arrest Anarchist Who
Would Have Killed Italian Ruler
and His Consort.
stranded during last night's storm off
this port. No attempts to rescue the
crew were possible.
Sixteen members of the crew of the
Victoria and two persons who were
passengers on board of her were
drowned. Five persons were rescued
from the steamer.
Victoria Goes Ashore and Sixteen of
the Crew and Two Passengers
, Perish.
STAVANGER, Norway, Nov. 24.—
The Norwegian steamer Victoria was
NORWEGIAN STEAMER
STRANDED OFF STAV ANGER
LONDON, Nov. 24.— A dispatch to
the Central News from Vienna says it
is authoritatively announced there that
if Turkey does not accept . forthwith
the Austro-Russian demands the two
powers will proceed > with their own
forces to establish order in Macedonia.
All the signatory powers of the treaty
of Berlin, it is added, will first be asked
to co-operate.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Monday, Nov.
23. — The Council of Ministers deliber
ated for ten hours on the Macedonian
reform scheme yesterday and resumed
its discussion to-day. It is said that
there are pronounced divergencies of
opinion among, the Ministers regarding
the reply which should be given to the
Austro-Russian note. The Ministers are
so impressed with the gravity attach
ing to their decision that they did not
even separate for dinner yesterday
evening. They were served with re
freshments in the Council chamber and
sat until 10 o'clock at night.
BERLIN, Nov. 24.— The Russian For
eign Office, according to information
from an authoritative source, is confi
dently expecting official notification of
the Turkish acceptance of the latest
Russo-Austrian Macedonian reform
proposals no later than Thursday next.
The occupants of the room fled and
the lunatic was. finally overpowered by
the attendants.
It appears that the lunatic asked to
see the manager of the Bank of Eng
land and was shown into a receptlon- (
room, where Mr. Grahame and others
were gathered. The stranger took up
a position in front of the fire, pulled
out a revolver and commenced shoot
ing, in the meantime shouting:
"Come on, you coward!"
LONDON, Nov. 24. — A murderous at
tack with a revolver was made to-day
on Kenneth Grahame, secretary o£ the
Bank of England, who is -veil known
as a' writer, by an individual who is
supposed to be insane. He llred four
shots in rapid succession, but Grahame
was not hurt. Considerable difficulty
was experienced in securing the would
be assassin. -A firehose had to be re
quisitioned before he could be disarmed
and taken to the police' station. The
would-be assassin is a Londoner from
the East End. The doctors certified
that he is a lunatic.
The decision of Judge Lacombe in
sures the production of "Parsifal"
scheduled by Manager Conreid for De
cember 24 at the Metropolitan Opera
house.
Former Judge A. J. Dittenhofer, rep
resenting Mr. Conreid, declared that a
great many of the sentimental claims
made by the plaintiffs' counsel were
not founded upon fact and established
the fact by affidavits that the great
composer himself had parted with at
Jcat-i the publication rights of the play
for a consideration of 77,000 German
marks to the firm of R. Schott's Sons,
Mainze.
sented by counsel representing Mrs.
\V;ip!i<r and her son in support of his
contention that Manager Conreid's
production in New York . would
be illegal, the lawyer appealed *to the
court to preserve, the sacred atmos
phere with which the widow and son
eurrounded the composition, and pre
vent* Us production on any stage other
than that at Beyreuth. The composer
himself, the lawyer argued, declined all
offers for a license to produce "Parsi
fal 1 made by the many manager*-' of
Uurope, many of them representing
royal and court theaters.
and Siegfried Wagner, heirs of the" late
Kichard Warner, restraining Manager
lleinnch Conrad from producing the
dramatic festival play "Parsifal." In
addition to the many legal points pre-
rORK, Nov. 24.— Judge La
the 1'nited States Circuit
lay declined to grant an in
?ked for by Cosima Wagner
He had not been in office long before
he began to feel the effects of the large
amount of routine work that devolves
upon the head of the office and as time
wore on the demands that this work
made on his time and strength and the
constant friction that has been Inci
dental to the office under every admin
istration led to his distaste for the of
fice. Mr. Ware has insisted on the ex
pedition of the work of his bureau and
improvement of the standard of ser
vice performed by the personnel of his
bureau, and it is said to be probable
that the work of the office will be
brought up to. date by the 1st o'f July,
the beginning of the next fiscal year.
Despite the secrecy with' which the
proposed change of the head of the
pension bureau has been guarded, a
number of candidates already have de
veloped. Ex-Representative Richard
Whiting Blue and ex-Representative
Samuel W. Peters of Kansas have been
mentioned in connection with the suc
cessor to Mr. Ware.
Mr. Ware's acceptance of the office
last spring created much surprise at
the time.* He had a law practice that
was one of the largest in Kansas and it
brought him considerably more income
than his salary as Commissioner of
Pensions.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 24.— It can be
announced that Eugene F. Ware, the
Commissioner of Pensions, will retire
from that office by about the middle of
November, next year, and will return
immediately to the practice of law in
Kansas. His contemplated action is
generally understood among Kansas
politicians and has been made the sub
ject of several interviews with the
President, which have been kept secret.
The decision to resign and return to
private life is /the result of his long
felt dissatisfaction with the nature of
the duties of- his office, a feeling that
has grown steadily since the early days
of his administration of that bureau.
Mr. Ware has steadfastly refused to
discuss the matter and to-night de
clined to admit that he has or ever had
any intention of tendering his resigna
tion.
Colonel Dunn confirmed the state
ment which had been made by Gov
ernor Odell that a satisfactory agree
ment of the measures at issue had been
reached, and he added that all the
Republicans in New York State would
work in harmony for the success of the
national and State tickets. "You will
observe," said Colonel Dunn, figura
tively speaking, "that there has been
a lot of hot bricks thrown around, but
they have not been hitting anybody."
Colonel Dunn will leave for New York
to-morrow morning.
Both Senator Platt and Governor
Odell have announced their desire that
President Roosevelt next year should
be nominated and elected. It can be
stated, however, that at the confer
ence to-night the subject ol national
politics was not considered except that
in so far as New York State politics
naturally merged into national affairs.
Senator Platt drove, from the White
House to the Arlington Hotel and re
tired at once to his apartments. He
declined to discurs in any way the
results of the conference, but it Is un
derstood they were entirely satisfactory
to him.
It is understood authoritatively that
Governor Odell was accorded practical
ly all for which he contended. The
agreement reached to-night is of such
a character that it is not considered
now that the necessity for future con
ferences will exist. It can be said that
Senator Platt will continue as the lead
er of the New York Republican organ
ization, but that Governor Odell will
direct in detail the campaign in New
York next year.
ODELL GAINS HIS POINT.
The conference to-night was stated,
after its dose, to have been more than
satisfactory. Senator Platt and Gov
ernor Odell have come to an obsolute
agreement, and both will work in per
fect harmony with each other and
with the President /or the promotion
of the welfare of the Republican party.
The conference was concluded short
ly after 10 o'clock. Governor Odell,
from the White House, went directly
to the Metropolitan Club. He declined
to make any extended comment on the
conference, but, pressed for a state*
ment, said:
"A satisfactory and harmonious
agreement has been reached. Matters
at issue have been compromised and
satisfactorily arranged."
At midnight Governor Odell left for
New York.
For several months it has been
known that political differences existed
between Governor Odell and Senator
Platt. These differences were of such a
character as to cause concern in the
minds of their friends, although they
did not take the form of an alignment
of factions in New York State. They
grew out of State appointments origin
ally, and, it is stated, practically were
confined to State affairs. The fear was,
expressed by some friends of President
Roosevelt that the trouble between the
Governor and Senator Platt sooner or
later might include national political
features; but it can be said authori
tatively that at no time has either
Governor Odell nor Senator Platt
wavered in his loyalty to President
Roosevelt.
Yesterday Senator Platt returned
from Now York to Washington, accom
panied by Colonel Dunn. On Monday,
by Invitation of President Roosevelt,
they took luncheon at the White House.
PRESIDENT AS PEACE MAKER.
At that time the President expressed
a strong desire that whatever differ
ences existed between the Senator and
Governor Odell should be adjusted.
After the luncheon the President tele
graphed to Governor Odell an invita
tion to come to Washington to discuss
the New York situation with him and"
Senator Platt. Governor Odell arrived
here to-day in response to the invita
tion and he and the other parties to
the conference dined with the Presi
dent at the White House this evening.
The President believed that the time
had come, in view of the numerous ru
mors about, that it would be a good
idea to have Governor Odell and Sen
ator Platt meet him at the White
House.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 24.— Senator
Thomas C Platt and Governor Ben
jamin B. Odell of New York have
reached an absolute and entire agree
ment politically. Both will work in
perfect harmony with each other, and
with President Roosevelt.
This, in brief, it was announced, is
the r.et result of a conference held at
the White House to-night. The parties
to that conference were the President,
Senator Platt, Governor Odell and
Chairman George W. Dunn of the Re
publican State Committee of New
York.
Two Powers Threaten to
Send Armies Into
Macedonia.
Fixes Date of Relinquishing
Office About One Year.
Henc3.
Bullets Fly Wild and Dcctor3
Say Man Behind Gun
Is Insane.
Meet President at White
House and Peace Com
pact Results.
Defies Mine. Wagner's Plea
for Prevention of the
Froduction.
Must Yield to Austro-
Russian Demands
Forthwith.
Fires Four Shots at
Kenneth Grahame, the
Secretary.
Judge Lacombe Declines
to Grant an In
junction.
Commissioner of Pen
sions Would Return
to Private Life.
Their Political Differ
ences Adjusted by
Roosevelt.
LUNATIC INVADES
BANK OF ENGLAND
LAST WARNING
TO THE SULTAN
EUGENE F. WARE
SOON TO RETIRE
PUTT AND ODELL
NOW IN HRRMONY
"PARSIFAL" WILL
BE PRESENTED
THE SAN FBAIfCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, IKOYEMBER 25, 1903.
9
Look in each package for a copy of
the famous little book, "The Road to
¦Wffcllville."
Those who have never tried the ex-
periment of leaving off qoffee and
drinking Postum in its place, and in
this way regaining health and happi-
ncps, can learn much from the experi-
ence of others who have made the trial.
One who knows says:. "I drank coffee
for hreakfast every morning until I had
terrible attacks of indigestion, produc-
ing days of discomfort and nights of
BlceplfesnesB. I tried to give up the
use of coffee entirely, but found it hard
to c f > from hot coffee to a glass of
water. Then I tried Postum Food Cof-
fee.
"It was good, and the effect was so
pleasant that I soon learned to love it
and have used it for several years. I
improved immediately after I left off
coffee and -took on Postum, and am
now entirely cured of my indigestion
and other troubles, all of which were
due to coffee. I am now well and con-
tented, antl all because I changed from
coffee to Postum.
"Postum is much easier to make
right every time than coffee, for.it is
so even and always reliable. We never
use coffee now in our family. We use
Postum and are always welL" Name
riven by Postum Co., Battle Creek,
a reason, and it is proved by
trial.
Coffee Usually Means Sickness, but
h Postum Always Means Health.
THE DIFFERENCE
POSTTJM CEBEAL.
Sold Only ia 51 Seffal Shoe Stores, Prom New ] York to San Francisco and
London. Also by Mail.
y ¦ ¦ ..-.,. ._-., .^0*. ..-¦»¦- •¦ : ¦¦ :' " •' ¦ /
San Francisco Store, Con Geary and Stockton Sts.
e don t think we have talked en-
ough about "King Calf." It is
our own exclusive leather, made be-
cause no other leather was good
enough. It is chrome-tanned, from selected skins. It is
practically indestructible. To all intents it is water proof.
It is soft, smooth and pliable. It has the feeling of kid
and.the toughness of raw-hide.
King Calf Shoes are shoes for service. And they
look well. They have the Regal style. Made on lasts
of various shapes in siloes of all styles. One man we
know Has worn one pair of King Calf shoes in all; rough
weather in town, and in woods and mountains in vaca-
tion time, for all of three years-^and the leather is still
unbroken. We can't guarantee such wear, but it doesn't
surprise us. ¦
$3.50— same as all other Regals. S
There are 60 Regal Stores— 20 of them in Greater New
York, where the styles originate. The new styles are on sale in
our San Francisco store at the same time as in the New York
stores. ; Other dealers get the same styles a year later.
REGAL SHOES
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THIS LITTLE TURKEY
Is intended to make people
realize that to-morrow is ,x
Thanksgiving:. * jj\
ARE YOU READY^rJ
TO BUT A PINE PIANO AT V^s-Jb
THE PRICE OP AN OBDI-
NARY OHE? 7 "
There are . thousands of music lovers
in need of a piano who have no money to
waste, to whom pure tone and responsive
action Is everything. Where a piano is
for use, perhaps continued hard use.
rather than parlor ornamentation, a great
many advantages can be secured by buy-
ing a piano that has been used and the
price greatly reduced. Such is the case
with those offered to-day and Friday.
Some have only been a trifle used. Rent-
ed a few months, perhaps. Some have
been used much longer, but have been
thoroughly gone over and put in good
condition, and for practical use most of
these pianos are as good as new. But
the list that follows tells you how much
you can actually save.
Wing: & Son piano, handsome . walnut
case, orchestral grand, having five
pedals. fine condition, originally
$300.00, now 5165.00.
Newman piano, small upright, solid rose-
wood case, $90.00.
Bord ft Co., small upright, fancy case,
French make, good tone, $87.00.
Bnsli ft Gerts, ebonized case, one of the
best instruments made in this country,
was $500.00. now $145.00.
A. B. Chase piano, mahogany case, inside
same as new, was $450.00, now $235.00.
Antisell piano, ebony case, was $300.00,
' now $118.00.
Harper Bros, piano, good tone and condi-
tion. $10000.
Beatty Square piano, $48.00.
Sbafer Square piano, carved legs, fine
tone. $43.00.
Crown Upright piano, was $425.00, now
$287.00.
Fischer Upright piano, ebony case, was
$350.00. now $137.00.
Ximball Upriffht piano, mottled walnut
case, was $400.00. now $285.00.
Jacob Doll piano, oak case, colonial style,
fine tone, was $400.00, now $210.00.
Steinway piano, mahogany case, was
$750.00, now $435.00.
Tose Upright piano, artistic make, re-
duced to $285.00.
Kimball Uprisrht piano, fancy walnut
case, was $500.00, now $297.00.
Kroegfcr piano, walnut case, was $350.00,
now $158.00.
One Ansrelns, fancy mahogany case, was
$300.00, now $175.00.
ALL ARE WARRANTED.
Every piano sold by Pommer-Eilers is
fully warranted as to its material and
workmanship and also as to price. Money ;
back if not satisfactory. Applies to
every purchase, whether large or small.
Nor need the payments worry you.
$10.00 on higher priced instruments
down to as low as $5.00 and small
monthly installments of $3, $5 and $8
per month.
If you cannot attend this sale in per-
son, write or telephone us for price or
catalogues. First comers receive choice.
Remember the place.
POMMER-EILERS MUSIC CO.,
653 Market Street,
San I-'rnnclnco. Cal.
San Francisco's busiest and best piano
store.
ipi
Notice is hereby given that the taxes
on all personal property secured by
real property and one-half of the taxes
on real property will be due and pay-
able on Monday, November 2, 1903? an4
will be delinquent on -Monday, Novem-
ber 30, 1903, at 6 o'clock p. m., and un-
less paid prior thereto,; fifteen per cent
will be added to the amount thereof,
and that if said one-half be not paid
before the last Monday in . April next
at 6 o'clock p. m., an additional five per
cent will be added thereto; that the re-
maining one-half of the taxes on all
real property will be payable on and
after the first Monday in January next,
and will be delinquent on the last Mon-
day in April next thereafter at 6
o'clock p. ' m., and unless pald^ prior
thereto, five per cent will be added to
the amount thereof. J
That all taxes may be paid at the
time the first installment as herein
provided is due and payable.
That said taxes are due and payable
! at the office of the Tax Collector, New
, City Hall.
N. B. — For . the convenience of tax-
payers unable to call during the day,
this office will be open continuously
during the month : of November from
8:30 a. m. to 9 p . m., commencing Mon-
day, November 16, 1903.
Taxpayers whose assessed valuation
is covered by mortgage will this year,
owing to the increased valuation for
State purposes, have a tax to pay,
and should in all cases ask for their
bills.
Taxpayers -will greatly facilitate this
office and themselves by bringing last
year's tax bills.
(Signed) EDWARD J. SMITH.
Tax Collector of the City and County
of San Francisco.
v
PfliflrP DON'T FAIL TO
I aUIVA' gee the beautiful
1 COURT Lounging
/¦fill room, the EMPIRE
aiiU PARLOR, the
r j PALM ROOM, the
fiT/stid LOUIS XV PAR-
ui aim LOR^ and the LA _
U j | DIES* WRITING
Hotels room. |
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
tS A pREAT RESTORATIVE, INVIGORA-
tor and Kervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for, the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy - for Diseases of tha
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER, AL.FS & BRUNE. Agents.
323 Market St.. S. F. — (Send for Circulars.)
IA/. T. HESS.
Votary Public and Attorney-at-Iiaw.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus SpreckeU bid*.
'mtM«H]lll«l Till ill Main 0S3.
Residence. 821 California St.. below Powell.
Rfslder.ce Telephone 'James 1801. *
AMUSEMENTS.
'¦¦ - J ¦
Racing !p§l^ Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKET CLTJB.
Commencing November 14. , ,
Racing Each Week Day. Rain or Sblna,
Six or More Races Daily.
Races commence at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
For special trains stopping at the track take.
6 P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12.
12:30. 1:00. 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No smoktas ia
last two cars, which- are reserved for ladles
and ; their • escortMiSNS^SSHflHSUBMMMlHB
Returning, trains leave track at 4:15 and
4:45 and immediately after tha last race.
>» - THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCT W. TREAT, Secretary,
AMUSEMENTS^
MATINEE TO-DAY.
LAST 1 HIOHTS-1A3T 3 MATINEES.
Evenings «t 8 — Matinees To-day. To-morrovr
¦. and Saturday at 2. \
KLAW t ERLANOEHS
Stupendous Production of General Wallace'!
"BEN HUR"
Dramatized by William Young.
Music by Kdgar Stillman Kot;*y.
Positively Last Performance of 'TEX HUR"
Next Saturday NiKht. November 28.
Special Matinea To-Morrow. TnanlirtT-
insr Say.
Prices— $2. $1JO, 31. 75c and SOc.
HE3CT SUNDAY MATINEE
Openinar of the Kesrular Combination
Season. Fox One Week Only.
The Famous Scenic Melodrama.
OVER NIAGARA KALLS
Aatonndinar Electrical Effects.
All Special Scenery.
Don't Miss the Realistic and Marreloaa
ITiaarara Falls Scene.
Popular Prices — 15c, 25c, 50c, 75c.
SEATS NOW ON SAX.E.
REGULAR MATINEES — SUNDAY.
THURSDAY ACT SATURDAY.
f*tf%l EiflligSiA smawsars
lUULUgOTjiiJ* LEMTKEAfRi
LAST 4 NIGnTS— MATINEE SATURDAT.
SPECIAL MATINEE THANKSGIVING DAY
CHARLES FROHM.VN PRESENTS
VIRGINIA HARNED
In Plnero's Masterpiece.
"IRIS"
Thin famous play has set all San Francisco
talking.
Sunday Nixht, November 29 — G«rman per-
formance by a utmnr cast.
"IM WEISSEN ROESSt." "
("At the White Horse Tavern.")
Next Monday — Elaborate Production of
The Greatest of All Pastoral Plays.
Way Down East
SEATS READY TO-MORROW.
MATINEE TO-DAY. WEDNESDAY. NOV. 2S.
Parquet, any seat. 25c; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved. 10c.
Annie Abbott; Annenis-Tito Quar-
tette; Bryant and ! Saville; Searl
and Violet Allen; Wright Hunt-
ington and Company; Three Zol-
ars; Serra and Bella-Rosa; Tha
Brittons and Orpheum Motion
Pictures, Illustrating the Life of
Napolecn.
irALIFORNTTT
UJ TREMENDOUS ]IbI
| OVATION I ||\
Al I lie GREAT CAST. .
(")I T\ ESTMA WILLIAMS.
JAMES BROPHT.
PD O •> <> JANE CORCORAN.
ROADS. and ° ther *
T.I SPECIAL. THANKSAlVINO ,
jj MATINEE TO-MORROW. J HOD
ALCAZARlr-ir
General Manager.
"The Alcazar Company has never been so
well balanced as now." — Chronicle.
TO-NIGHT— MATS SAT. AND SUNDAT.
EXTRA MATINEE THANKSGIVING
A POOR m
RELATION f^£ 8
An ideal performance, quaintly humoroue,
delightfully pathetic, peopled with little chil-
dren and resounding with song.
Evgs.. 23c to 73c; Matinees. 13c to 50a.
NEXT — The Romance of Russia.
A EOTAL PRISONER.
Market St.. near Eighth. Phnr^ South 533.*
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES THANKSGIVING, SATURDAT
AND SUNDAT.
The Ircmensely Successful Comedy Melodrama
MIDNIGHT IN CHINATOWN
Vivid Pictures of Life In San Francisco's Ori-
ental Quarter!
Scenes on the "Barbary Coast."
The Police Raid on Jh« Opium Dens?
1 Thrilling Incidents!- Humor ia Abundance »-
I HIVLJ. Matinees •'••10c. I*?. 23o
Monday. November 30. •
\ THE COUNTERFEITERS.
TOU HAVE HEARD THAT THE REST
SHOW IN THE CITY IS
[ RUBES AND ROSES^
"Well." This Is the Last Week *
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
Next Monday Night— Tho Event of Event*.
I-O-U.
A Marvelously Funny Burlesque. Mag-
nificently Produced In Every Way
Our "All Star" Cast. Including: Kolb and
Dill. Barney Bernard. Winfleid Blake. Maude
Amber. Georgia ©"Ramey. Ben T. Dillon.
First Appearance of the ALTHEA TWINS.
SEATSNOW ON SALE.
High-Class Specialties Every After-
noon and Evening In the Theatre.
TO-NIGHT——
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE
Concluding With
NEW LIVING PICTURES.
Si Attractions Thanksgiving
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN 8c
'FINAL RECITAL
ANGELUS PIANO PLAYER
SATURDAT, NOVEMBER 29. at 3 p. m. .
Ia
STEINWAY HALL.
Another Piano Recital will be given by Mr.
Percivat K. Van Ton ar the piano, with
the aid of
THE ANGELUS.
SOLOIST.
Mr. Joe Rosborough,
CcmpJtntentary tickets may b# secured at oax •
¦tore any time befor» tha recital.
SHERMAN. CI*AT A CO..
Kearny and Sutler sts., B. F*
. ¦PORT HURON, Mich., Nov. 24.—Wil
lie Fitzgerald of Brooklyn' knocked out
Otto : Sleloff of Chicago to-night in [ the
third 'round 'of what was to have been
a. ten-round bout.
Willie Fitzgerald a Winner.
HALF RATES ON
THANKSGIVING DAY.
On Thanksfrtvlng day. November 26, the Cali
fornia Northwestern Railway will sell. tickets
to all' points, exceof suburban, at haljf^ rates
or one fare for the round trip, with limit of
return Friday, the 27th.
Tickets will be on sale at Tiburon ferry on
Thanksgiving day. •
.. The regular monthly boxing exhibi
tion of the San Francisco Athletic Club
will be held in the Sixth-street gym
nasium" under the direction of Alex
Greggains on Friday, night. The match
es are: Oliver Sullivan; vs. : Joe King,
210 pounds; Al- Smith vs. Charles Au
gustus, 140 pounds; Charles Arthur vs.
Mike Synfy; Pierpont Ordway vs. Jim
Williams; Jack Nolan vs. George Lar
kin; Billy Jansen vs. Billy Donohue;
George Henry vs. Charles McChesney.
Seven Amateur Fights.
SELMA, Nov. 24.— The Selma foot
ballteam will go to Visalia on Thurs
day, to play for the championship of
the San Joacuin Valley. For several
years the Selma eleven has easily de
feated all comers, but a close contest
is expected on Thanksgiving, as the
Visalia team Is a strong one. The Visa-
Hans have defeated the Fresno, Fow
ler and Tulare teams this season and
this wlll.be the first game with the
Selma team. CJay Tucker, the Stan
ford player. Is a resident of this city,
and he will play with the Selmas.
Football at Visalia.
Reliance Bowling Club Contests.
The members of the Reliance Bowl-
Ing Club held a contest at Elntracht
Hall Monday night, at which several
good scores were made at nine pin
alley. A great deal of rivalry exists
among the members, as they are all
well known residents of the Mission;
Chris Hartmann, the president, was
high man, with a score of 70 pins. The
club was organized about three months
ago, with the following officers: Chris
Hartmann. president; P. Moore, secre
tary; Charles Panckowe, treasurer; H.
B. Rye, scorekeeper.
An entry of fifty-six greyhounds was
made last night for the holiday stake
to be run to-morrow at Ingleslde
Coursing Park. The first brace of
hounds will 'be slipped at 10:30. The
draw resulted as follows:
Manru vs. Crockett Boy; Golden Links vs.
Mark Twain: Golden Light vs. Yankee Boy;
May Flush vs. Tom Hurllck. Meddlsome vs.
Lost Girl; Krishna vs. Manruerltte; Agitator
vs. Cluster; Brilliancy vs. Real Duchess; Mies
Wilson vs. Maid of Mercy; Mornlnp Glory vb.
Mountain Poet;' Master Clalr vs. Encore; Gun
powder vs. Hesper: Lord Goff vs. St. Louis
Boy; Comlque vs. Irish Lad; Brown Belle vs.
Una; Go On vs. Anchor; All Baba vs. Rocke
feller; White Mystery vs. Maid of Gowrie; To
basco Bob vs« Beauty Gold; Summer Girl vs.
Rose Free; Young- Johnny Rex vs. Finoola;
Hurry On vs. Star Sylvanus; Pacing: Billy vs.
Rock and Rye; Yukon vs. Mollie Me; Little
Sister vs. Lady Pinta; Ouida vs. Concord Boy;
Regal Attire vs. Our Myra; Flora Temple vs.
Ncrthern Lad.
Fifty-Six Closely Matched Grey
hounds Carded to Start in the
Special Event.
HOLIDAY STAKE ARRANGED
FOR INGLESIDE PARK
The water polo game at the Lurllne
baths last night by members of the
Lurline Swimming Club was one of the
best held for some time. There were
sixteen players and good team work
brought forth some unusually good
plays. When time was called the team
captained by W. Pomln had thrown
three goals and the team captained by
W. Harris one goal. The winners were
W. Pomln (captain), G. Dawson, E.
Smith, O. S.chultz, T. Harris, H. Heinze,
E. Dawson and J. Jackson. The losing
team was made up of W. Harris (cap
tain), A. D. Schmidt. J. A. Geddes, "W.
Bray, H. ( Kennerson, T. Bacon, P.'
Sunberg and A. Heinz. The relay team
consisting of O. Schultz, A. D. Schmidt,
W. Harris, T. Bacon, A. Heinz and W.
Bacon defeated G. Dawson, H. Heinz,
"W. Pomln, E. Dawson, W. Bray and
T. Harris. /The Lurline members will
assist at the Olympic Club next Friday
night. The programme will consist of
an exhibition game of water polo by
two teams of the Lurline Club, 100-yard
race for the Olympics, 100-yard race for
members of the Lurllnes, fancy swim
ming and diving.
Water Polo at * Lurllne ' Baths.
Sixth race, two miles— Barney .Burke
won, Tufts second. Goo Goo third
Time, 3:40.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs—
Lida Lieb won. Alma Dufour second
Laura J third. Time, 1:11.
Fourth race, handicap, 'one and an
eighth miles— Jack Ratlin won, Ethel
Wheat second, Ocean Dream third
Time, 1:56%.
Third race, steeplechase, four-year
olds and upward, about two miles—
Conover won, John E. Owen second,
Red Hawk third. Time, 4:10.
Fourth race, seven furlongs— Meister
singer won, Highlander second Paul
Clifford third. Time, 1:31.
Fifth race, six furlongs— Lord of the
Valley won. Clear the Arena second
Tom Cod third. Time, 1:17.
Sixth race, seven furlongs— The Major
won, Red Damsel second, All Gold
third. Time, 1:30.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 24.-Latonia
summary:
First race, seven furlongs— Easy
Trade won, Lovable second, Circus Girl
third. Time, 1:31.
Second race, six furlongs— Ed Tierney
won, Delmonico second, Harfang third !
Time, 1:17.
Third race, one mile— Christine A
won, Adelante second, Trocadero third
Time, 1:44.
Second race, one mile and fifty yards
— Champlain won. Paget second, Sam
Craig third. Time. 1:46 2-5.
First race, six furlongs, highwelght
handicap— Sals won, Foxy Kane second,
Icewater third. Time, 1:16 4-3
The Major Annexes the Closing
Event at Bennings.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 24.-Bennings
summary: .
WINNERS IN THE EAST.
T.35S Foul Play (J. Nichols) 103
<3".M)*F!orinel II (H. W. Hoag) 101
<534S)*Dotterel (F. J. O 1 Rourke) 00
4424 Filver Fizz (L. Eiell) ire?
.VM Matt Hottan <W. P. Magrane) 100
(M"0)Alta G (Mrs. Hertzell) 10*
Flxth race — One mile; three-year-olds and up;
selling.
E3S8 *Canejo (G. B. Morris) fi$
•V«s 'Lady Kent (F. Wellman) J>6
r>333 *C n. Campbell (S. G. Morton) 9S
ESS "Pluck (M. J. Daly) 01
(. r .3. r .r,)Krne fJ. Curl) 07
r>"22 Ledus (T. II. Ryan) 97
4729 'Mesto ( Ray Wilson) ; . 87
.V542 "Billy Moore (F. F. Itector) 34
(W44)Sugden <W. II. McNames) 101
•Apprentice allowance.
PR0EA3I.E WINNERS.
First race — Silurian, Bedner. Oro Viva.
Second race — Sorlce, Anirad, Avenger.
Third race— Mr. Dingle, Constellator.
Fat Morrissey.
Fourth race— John A. Scott, Bnrnie
Bunton, Captivate.
Filth, race — Matt- Hosran, Bard Barns,
Dotterel.
Sixth race— Snjrden, Pluck, C. B. Camp
bell.
PRINCIPALS IX TO-NIGHT'S
FIGHT FOR LIGHT HEAVY
WEIGHT CHAMPIONSHIP.
MEASUREMENTS
OF THE RIVAL
HEAVY-WEIGHTS
that has been brewing at Larkspur
came to a climax yesterday, when
Casey, In the presence of Gardner,
Foley, Eddie Graney and newspaper
men, sneaked a right cross which land
ed on Ferguson's jaw. Ferguson shook
himself together and sailed Into Mr.
Casey. In -a minute the pair were bat
tering away at each other for keeps.
Casey used choice expressions every
time he aimed "a punch at -Ferguson
and the latter lost his temper com
pletely. Ferguson was first to- stop.
Casey pulled off his gloves and started
to mix things again, but "Billy" Pierce
pluckily got between the giants and
kept them apart. Casey was bleeding
profusely from abrasions and cuts and
he descended to the rubdown room to
repair damages. Ferguson followed
and the fray was started <over again.
Casey threatened to shoot and "Sandy"
grabbed two bottles to protect himself.
.Afgaln they were separated, and the
upshot of It all was that Casey packed
his grip and departed on the next train.
Ferguson has a bad temper and is un
popular with every one over there.
Gardner taught him a lesson a few days
ago and Harry Foley has been trying
some choice wallops on the -.boy won
der."
Fltzslmmons. Gardner.
5 ft. 11% in Helsht 5 ft. ll\ In.
75 inches Reach 76 inches
1&3 pounds Weight 16S pounds
14 inches Neck 18 inches
12 Inches Forearm lUi inches
1314 inches Biceps lji^ Inches
IU Inches ...Wrist 74 inches
40 Inches Chest 424 inches
31 Inches Waist S3 inches
3-* Inches Hips 3<5 inches
21% Inches Thighs 22 Inches
lVi ch ! s CaIf 14^ lnches
8% Inches Ankle f, i nc h e8
Ryan to Fight Jack O'Brien.
CHICAGO, Nov. 24.— Tommy Ryan
and Jack O'Brien were matched to-day
for a six-round contest to be held in
Philadelphia about the first of the year.
The fight Is to be at catch weights and
if both men are on their feet, at the end
of the sixth round a twenty-round bout
will be fought in some other city.
Gardner submitted to a physical ex
amination at the hands of Dr. Clarence
F. Tillman yesterday. The doctor went
into raptures over his subject. He said
he was one of the finest physical speci
mens he had ever gazed upon. Dr.
Tillman's examination of Gardner was
a careful one. He, used the stethoscope
and other scientific. instruments to test
Gardner's heart and lungs. He tapped
him and noted his heart beats,.exam
ined his pulse and felt the firmness of
his muscles, and when he finished de-
Gardner rested yesterday. It was the
first time in four weeks that the cham
pion eased up in his training. He -slept
half the time, and when called by his
trainers he dressed and took a short
stroll through the canyon near Lark
spur. He was accompanied by Billy
Pierce, his manager. Gardner was in
the best of spirits. He did not worry
over his- coming "contest, but took
things as a matter of course. Never
was a' boxer more confident of winning.
Gardner never for a moment derided
his opponent or plumed himself.' He
simply announced that he expected
some hard knocks from Fitzsimmons
to-night, and: he was in shape to as
similate any punches he might deliver.
He has the highest regard for Fitz as
a fighter, and yet he is supremely con
fident that he will take the Cornish
man's measure.
GARDNER ENJOYS A REST.
George Gardner, the Lowell boxer,
will make his most ambitious bid for
pugilistic fame to-night when he faces
Bpb Fitzsimmons in a twenty-four-foot
ring In Mechanics' Pavilion. "When
betting commenced ten days ago Fitz
simmons was at once Installed a 1 to
2 choice, which was an indication of
what the public thought of the rela
tive merits of the two men at that
time.
Since then there has been a decided
change of sentiment. The odds fluctuat
ed yesterday between 10 to 9 and 10 to
SV£, the latter being the closing price.
The marked change in the betting Is duo
to the fact that Fitzsimmons has had
several setbacks in his training and is
not as good as he and his admirers
would wish hlm.^ He has been suffer
ing from a cold and from blistered feet,
both of which have hindered him in
his work in the gymnasium and on the
road.
While Fitzsimmons has had his set
backs in training a visitor at his quar
ters yesterday afternoon would never
believe it. He devoted his attention
chiefly to the punching bag. For thirty
five minutes he belabored this until the
din raised sounded like distant thun
der to the passersby. There was never
a sign of weakening nor of distress in
arms, legs or breathing apparatus. The
perspiration flowed freely until his
whole bo*dy was aglow.
While his work looked impressive
Fitz kept complaining about a stiff
ness in the cords of his neck and of
a general disinclination to exert him
self.. When he finished his work he
stepped on the scales and the bar bal
anced at 163 pounds. On the day before
Fitz was down to 161 pounds. His
muscles stand out like whipcords,
showing he has done a lot of work.
Trouble is expected to-day over the
bandages. The articles allow soft
surgical bandages. These are the ones
Fitz will use, but he wants to put them
on .before he leaves his hotel to-night.
Gardner objects to this, insisting that
they be adjusted in the ring. Fitz-
Eimmons professes to believe that
Gardner wants to use for a bandage
what is commonly called tire tape.
This hardens into a solid mass, and
when used with boxing gloves cuts
like a knife. The question of bandages
will probably be settled at "weighing
in time, thus preventing any tiresome
delay in the ring.
clared him a marvel In physical devel
opment.
BANDAGES ARE DISCUSSED.
The doctor also measured Gardner,
and his measurements showed him to
be as big as Fltzslmmons in every way.
Gardner expressed himself freely to
Referee Graney on the bandage ques
tion. Graney brought over a piece of
surgical plaster that Fitz intends put
ting on his hands shortly before the
contest. Gardner says he will not per
mit Fitz to do this. He was informed
months ago that Fitz usecj bandages of
this kind on his hands when he mtt
Jeffries and every time he hit Jeffries
he cut him. Gardner is willing to allow
Fitzsimmons to wear bandages, but he
is not willing to have the bandages in
the form of hard bands. Referee Granny
promised to see to it that the bandages
worn by both men were the proper
kind.
The men will weigh in at 60 Ellis
street at 3 o'clock to-day. Harry Cor
bett has issued tickets to the newspa
per men and those interested in the
weighing of the big fighters. Gardner
will weigh not more than 167 pounds, as
he has dried out and is within the
weight. Fitz will probably weigh not
more than 164 pounds, if either man is
over 168 pounds he forfeits (2500.
Eddie Graney will referee the main
event. Graney will don his Tuxedo, as
the contest is for the championship.
Tiv Kreling, the crack Olympic Club
boxer and wrestler of some years ago.
will referee the two preliminaries. The
latter will be between Johnny Ritchie
and Georgie Curran at 120 pounds, and
Mauro Hen-era of Bakersfleld and Joe
Welch, who hails from Missouri, at 135
pounds. Both bouts will be of six
rounds' duration.
An effort will be made to get the bis
fellows into the ring not later than 9:45
p. m. This is done in order thai the
report of the battle may be sent to
Eastern newspapers in time for theJr
early editions.
CASEY AGAIN LEAVES CAMP.
Casey, the Irish giant who worked
with Fltzslmmons for a few days' and
left because Fitz wanted him to do
menial work. Quit "Sandy" Ferguson
yesterday because the big heavy-weight
used rough tactics. Ferguson boasted
each day that he would knock Casey
out and the latter. objected. Not that
he feared "Sandy," but because he did
not think Ferguson was pursuing the
right course in training. The trouble
SUMMARY.
Two-tase hits— Byers. Cravath. Ross.
First base on balls— Oft St. Vraln, 5; off Cor
bett 1. Sacrifice hits — Janslng. Struck out—
By Corbett, 0; by St. Vraln, 2. Left on bases
—Los Angeles, 7; Seattle. 7. Double plays —
St. Vraln to Dolan to Brashear. Mohler to
Dolan ¦ to Brashear. Hit by pitcher — Dolan.
Mohler Passed ball— Byers. Time of game —
Ono hour and flfty-flvfi minutes. Umpire-
McDonald.
LOS ANGELES", Nov. 24.— Seattle and
Los Angeles began to-day the final se
ries of the season. Los Anpeles won
to-day by the closest possible score, 1
to 0, and the game was one of the best
played on the home grounds this sea
son. Neither side erred in fielding and
both pitchers were in superb form. Cor
bett pitched a great game. At critical
times his work was little short of mar
velous. In two different innings Seat
tie had two men on bases and one out
and Corbett retired the side by strik
ing out the next two batters. The
score:
Los Angeles— | Seattle —
AB. R. H.P.A. AB. R. H.P.A.
Hoy, cf.3 0 3 3 O.Lum'y.cf 4 0 12 0
"VVho'r. 2b.4 0 0 1 4 Moh'r,2b 3 0 13 2
Smlth.3b 3 0 0 0 0 ?mlth. rf 4 0 0 0 1
Dlllon.lb 3 1 2 14 llBra'r. lb 4 0 0 6 2
Crav'h.rf 3 0 10 OiZIns'r. If 3 0 0 1 0
Ross, If.. 4 0 10 Oiran'g, 3b 3 0 0 3 2
Ray'd ss.3 0 10 2 ! Dolan, bs 3 0 1 6 4
Eager, c.2 0 0 7 .5 Hyers. c 3 0 2 3 3
Corb't, p. 3 0 0 1 5 St. V., p. 3 0 jO J> J2
Totals 1 8»28 15 Totals 30 0 6 24 16
•Smith out, bunted third strike.
' RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Los Angeles 0 1 0 0 0 00 0 x— 1
Base hits 1 0 1 1 1 11 2 x— 8
Seattle 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
Base hits 0 0 2 0 110 1 0— S
Final Series of Season Commences on
the Southern Field.
FIRST GAME *F0R ANGELS.
Errors— Shay 2, Messerly 2, Devereaux.
Pabst, Rockenfield. Home run— Meany. Two
base hits — Meany, Murdock. Krur. Delmas 2,
Leahy. Sacrifice hits — Rockenfleld. Messerly.
Gorton, Irwin. First base on errors — Oakland
1. San Francisco 4. First base on called balls —
Off McKay 1, off Hodscn 2. Left on bases —
Oakland 4, San Francisco 11. Struck out —
By Hodson 2. Time of game — One hour and 30
minutes. Umpire — O'Connell.
Oakland 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2—3
Base hits 1 0000010 1—3
San Francisco 2 0 0 0 12 11 x — 7
Base hits 3 0 2 0 2 3 2 3 X— 13
SUMMARY.
Totals 20 3 3 24 7 Totals 40 7 15 27 15
RUNS AXD HITS BY IXNINGS.
AB. R. II. P.A.! AB. R. H.P.A.
O'Hra.cf. 3 .1 0 4 OShay.s.. 5 0 0 0 S
Rcknfid.s 3 1112 Meany. rf 5 3 4 0 0
Mrdck.rf 4 1 1 3 0 Irwin.Sb. 4 112 2
Swrtz.2b. 4 0 13 1 Leahy.c. 5 13 2 1
Krugr.lf. 4 0 0 4 OKrup.cf.. 4 0 3 + 0
Devrx,3b 3 0 0 1 0 Lynch.ir. 5 0 0 3 0
Mssrly.lb 3 0 0 5 O'Pabat.lb. 4 1 2 13 0
Gorton. c. 2 0 0 3 2 Delms,2b 4 12 3 0
McKay.p 3 0 0 0 2 Hodson. p 4 0 0 0 4
Hodson had on fogproof armor and
a sDecial mitt that guided the sphere
safely through the atmc-sphere. The
Cripples were always worried when the
leather came Eailingr up and the best
they made during the progress of the
battle was three hits. They also man
aged to pile up three runs, but one was
all they had coming, and that one came
about in the initial inning.
Up to the last period the home per
formers fielded well. Then they got
rattled for the time being and Shay
and Pabst committed three errors be
tween them which were instrumental
in allowing two of the Cripples to hot
foot It over the pan.
Pat Meany lined out a home run clout
in the eighth inning. This was one
of the prettiest ever seen ion any ball
field. It took a straight course direct
ly over the second bag and avoided
O'Hara, going right out to the fence.
Pat took on a good burst of speed as
soon as he rounded the turn of the sec
ond bag and easily beat the throw to
the p'.ate. The score:
Oakland — ¦ I San Francisco —
The foe was so thick yesterday on
the Oakland ball field that Mr. Mc-
Kay's offerings could not penetrate its
dense banks at 'their usual speed, so
therefore when the ball reached the
plate it was generally tame and easy.
The Natives always met the leather for
a fare-ye-well when it came lobbing
up, and that's the reason they won, 7
to 2.
OAKLAND RACETRACK— TUESDAY, Nov. 24.— Weather cloudy._Track heavy.
5354. FIRST RACE — Six furlongs: selling; 4 -year-olds and ud; value to first, ?325.
Index I Horse and Owner. IWtjSt. %. %. *|. Str. Fin. Jockey. OP- <-''•
C33S (Prince Blazes, a (R,. Herz)... 105i 2 ... "n "n 5 2 12 Foley 5 3
6330 jHandpress. a (Magrane) liH) 3 ... C 2M>4 '.-4 3 1Vj2 2 I. Powell... 8 6
5330 |K1ouri6h. 4 (S. Polk) |lio| 8 ... 8h 8 1 h 3n Fell 6 0
5344 Mountebank, a (Keating) 1O2| 1 ... 2 h 3 % 4 l%4 14 Hild'brand 3 5
4205 Torila, 4 <Ray & Co.) 1071 C ... 4n 22 C4 5 2H J. Martin.. 10 20
5340 Pat Morrisuey. a (Wellman).. 11O|1O ... 1U (i « 2 7 H «1 LJnton .... 10 15
5330 Nullah, a (G. S. McKensle)... 1021 6 ... 03 10 2 8^74 JKunz 15 -'0
6330 Roltalre. a (Kirk & Co.) 105' 7 ... 3>^5h 9 2 8 n J. Lewis... 15 JO
4G19 Jennie Hughes, 4 (Hughes)... 1071 4. ... 1 1%1 % 2 2 . 9 2 W. Nan-aez 20 .40
Ed lianlgan. a (R. Peters) U0| 0 ... 6 % 0 1 10 % I* Spencer.. 10 40
6318 Rinaldo, a (Slsklyou Stable).. 103.11 ... 11 3 11 8 11 2 11 2 |Chandler .. 10 1
Augie. 4_(Capps A^Co.) |lio!l2 ... 12 _ 12 12 12. _ [Blrk'nruth. 15 30
Time— :25i4. :50%. 1:18%. At port 6 minutes. Off at 2:18. Blazes, place, 7-5: show. 4-5. .
Handprees, place, 5-2; show, ti-3. Flourish, show, 4-5. Winner, br. r. by Blazes-Bettle
Prince. Trained by F. J. Shannon. Start rood. Won In a drive of four. The track
was mushy and Just suited the Prince. Handpress will be difficult to handle next trip
out. Flourish tired. Mountebank quit. Pat Morrissey showed a trace of old form. Too
far for Roltalre. Klnaido eft poorly.
.".355. SECOXD RACE — Seven furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Index) Horse and Owner. IWt St. H- H- %• Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
5S28 Erne. 4 (J. Curl) 103 5 4n 64 64 34 11 IKnapp 8 11-5
5344 iCaneJo, 6 tG. B. Morris) |107| 1 72 3h 2>/4 21 23 Ferrell .... 3 7-2
KS12 Sherry. 3 (J. Woods) 100| 4 2 >4 2 l»,il h 1^30 |J. Martin.. 10 15
5118 iYellowEtone, 4 (W. P. Fine).. 105; 0 1 h 4 n 3 1U4 1 4 h iHIldebrand 15 8
5341 'I O IT. 4 (C. W. Charpell) |100i 3 fin IS «3 51 5 2^|J. T. Shehnj 0 0
4WV5 iShellniount, 4 (T. Wellman). . iltXt 7 5 h 5 V. t 4 1 « C t> « Adkins 1 4 7
6340 'Step Arouol. 3 <F\ Devin) 09| 2 3 IVil % 7 20 7 20 7 U0 J. I^ewls... 5 5
I Dora Thornton. 3 <Beall Co.). . |UH| B S 8 8 8 8 Bredln | 15 40
Time— -:25H, :50*i, 1:18*4. 1:32»;. At post half a minute. Off at 2:3ft. Erne, place. 4-5;
show, 2-5. Canejo, place. C-5; show, :5-5. Sherry, show. 2. Winner, br. k. by Eon-Guava.
Trained by J. (^url. Scratched— Adirondack. Start good. Won In a drive of four. Erne was
slow to begin, holding his knockout punch in reserve. Canejo In the deep going, with
no chance to e«"cai^ it. Sherry a fair mudder. Yellowstone had sixed. 1 O V ran a
poor race. Step around quit badly. Shell mount likes a last track best.
BSSO. THIRD RACE— Five and a half fulongs; 2-year-olds; value to flrirt. $325.
Index j Horse and Owner. WtlSt. %. JJ. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey, j Op. Cl.
4520 Tascine (Burns &. Waterhouse) 110! 1 ... 1 1K1 4 1 2U1 2 (Adk'ns 1 C-5
5337 'Military Man iFerguson) 104i 2 ... I 1U:> (! 2 2 2 7 J. Martin.. 8-5 3-2
531» Libbie Candid (Aj.pleby) 101 5 ... 5 »i"4 1 «<[4 1 a .J IHIldebrand 6 15
(5011)iF. E. Shaw (W. H. Sink Jr.). 110] 4 ... 4 2U3 :: :{ n 1 5 IL>. Hall « 7
JEbony 'Hamilton Stable) KiS*! (I ... <; 20 0 .';0 U 12 5 3 !J Daly 15 25"
iThe Jew tK. Wilson) 10113 ... 3 3 6 1 5 2'AC 10 R. Wilson.. 30 50
lEthel G (C Klein) 101 j 7 ... 7 7 7 7 Kunz 30 100
Time — :2D'4. :r.lU(, 1:11. At post 2 minutes. Off at 3:0<i. Casclne. place, 2-5; show, 1-C.
Military Man. p'.ace. 2 5; ehow, l-<5. Libbie Candid, show. 2. Winner, ch. c. by Colonel
Wheeler- Early Rose. Trained by C. T. Patterson. Scratched— Ananias. Start good. Won
easily. Second driving. Third easily. Catcine beat the others away and won Kalloptng.
Military Man did his best. F. E. Shaw can do better when he jjets mixed up with cheaper
company. Ebony made his first trip to the barrier.
j .V157. FOURTH RACE-^nT"ln7leTPsTnTn9r*nirel^ea^^
! Index! Horse and Owner. IWt I St. Xi . £f! %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. I Op. cT.
r^2R iVeterano 3 (W. E. VI veil) 2 SSI 3 5 1 2 2 1 3H1 .1 1 C !Hi!<l«rbrr.d 20 20
(S342)'f5re<>riock. 0 (J. Woods) |10S| 2 4 V, 3 '4 4 1 3 I142 I'-Ol Powell... S 3'
<K311);FossIl. 3 (Parker & Co.) 11081 0 3H4h 2n 2 3 3 2 iBuxton 1 11 10
T.344 Galanthus 5 (Mrs. Coffey)..! S>S! R 6 fi 6 C on 5 1^4 S IConnell C 6
(B.?20)lMeehanus. a (F. W Doss). . |10S| 112 1 l>-.3 1^4 2 T> n ID Hall 0-2 6
5342 iBurdock, C HI. F. Parks) OS' * 2 n 5 % 6 6 6 6 <i 6 |H. Smith... 30 CO
5341 ilnvlctus. 6 (Mrs. F. Gabriel). | 9S| 7 7 ?J 7 3 « 8 7 4 |Kunz 40 00
5311 !Chub. a (Pelter & Guthrie).|106! 88 S 7V4738 iDonovan .. 15 60
Time — :25>i. :52U. l:10'i. 1:4G'4. 1:59?4. At post 2'4 minutes. Off at 3:30. Veterano,
place. 6; show. 2. Greenr>ck. place. 4-5: show. 1-3. Fossil, show. 1-4. Winner, b. c.
, by Rey El Santa Anlta-Ornnsre Leaf. Trained by W. C. Vivell. Start Rood. Won han
dily after a drive. Second driving. Third easing up. Hilderbrand stole away on the
far turn and could not be caught. Buxton's ride was an idle dream. If he had waited
much longer the la.<u race would have been over. Galanthus ran an ordinary race.
Mcehanus quit. Chub will bite at the bait some day.
C35S. FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and upward; value to first, $325\
Index i Horse and Owner. iWtlSt. Vi . \i~- * 4 . Str. Fin. | Jockey. i OpI CK
6340 !Mil. Sehultz. 4 (H. I. Wilson)! 9S 4 ... 1 ltfl 1 13 1 Hi Hilderbnid ~2 0^5
KM 4 !J. J. Corbett. 6 (P.W.Hedges)lll3 1 ... 3 2 2 h 2 1H,2 3% Ferrell 10 "5
5313 lldcgo, 4 (S. Rafour) lllOl 5 ... 5 >$ C 2 4 2 3 3 " See fl 7
(5313) Quiet, 4 (H. E. Rowell) il0»! 3 ... 2 *i 3 S',43 n 4 n |Reed 5-2 2
4450 Bvander. 4 (W. Fisher) J107 8 ... 7 'i 5 h 5 1 r. S IW, Waldo.. 6 12'
K53O iFoul Play, 6 (J. Nichols) »s! 2 ... 4 n 4 2*46 1'6 2 | J. 'Lewis 15 30"
(f.22£) Botany. 4 (Stewart & Co.) I105. 1 7 ... S 8 8 7 % Larsen 10 30
47«« Horn Slavin. 5 (T. C. Clifford)!llO C ... f\ I>i7 2 7 3 8 L. Jackson. 20 40
8332 iSalntly. a (T. Crowe) |105| Left I. Powell... 8 12
Time — :2f>. :50. 1:18. ,At post 4 minutes. Off at 3:."0. Schultz. place, 7-10: show, 2-5
Corbnt. place, 8- Fhow. 4. Idogo. show. 1. Winner, br. m. by Orvietto-Coalesce. TralneU
by D. Cameron. Scratched — Loyal S. Wyoming, Bard Burns. Start poor. Won easily
Second handily. Third driving. Winner was best. Corbett showed Improvement. Idoso
rap hls_ race. Qulet_qult in the stretch. Er^rder will improve. Botany likes sloppy going.
53T.0. SIXTH RACE — One mile; purse; all ages; value to first. $325.
Index I Horse and Owner. IWt|St. 14 . \T. % . Str. Fin. I .Jockey, j Op. CK
(5T,35)Ben MacDhui. 5 (P. Ryan) . . 1 1 00 1 3 3^41 1 2>4l 2^1 SUlAdklnsTT! 4T5 I3.«»o
(.V?20)!Warte Nlcht. 3 (Wilkerson). .|1OS| 5 4^2%3 23 1>A2-IHU Powell 7-R Q •>
4&S.T iModlcum. 3 (D. S. Fountain). llOli 4 5 5 4 1^4 n "3 ns- IFerrell -7 ik
(H347)! Diderot. 5 (J. P. Atkln) 11031 2 1 ij Hi 2 S ! n 43 IHIlderbrnd" . 7 15
r»320 iL. Crawford, 3 (Bchrelber). .| fl.*| 1 2 % 3 h 5 5 5 jKnapp 15 40
Time— :2CH. :52. 1:18. 1:45. At post % minute. Off at 4:24 I »4. Ben, place, 1-4- show
out. Warte, place. 1-4; show, out. Modicum, show, 1. Winner, b. h by Bc'n d'OT-
Sierra Madra, Trained by P. Ryan. Start rood. Won easily. Next two driving Ad
kins moved to the front with MacDhui when ready. He cut Warte Nlcht off on b-ck
stretch. Latter had too much weight. Diderot said "Hello" and hung up He doesn't
fancy heavy going.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
FatMeany Lines Out a Home-
Run Drive Within the
Inclosure.
Fifth nf* — Futurity bourse; three-year-olds
and up: wiling.
63.18 "Bard Burns (D. S. Fountain) ifti
V3Z2 laureates (3. Pelton) ."*:,*. ...100
Tom Mayb!n airs. E. E. Miller) ini
§3H2 neirdos (J. Green) 103
4016 Ncrv&tor (Boots & Co.)...... ..101
Fourth rare — Six furlonps; three-year-olds
end up; handicap.
634 « Captivate <P. Hlldreth> 03
6327 Burrle Bunton <J. F. Newman) no
K327)John A. Scott (It. Jones) no
AMI Rvea O {Mrs. .T. Coffey) 105
£333 Jfurwca (Mrs. E. E. Miller) 03
Third race — Seven furlonc*: three-year-olds
and up: celling.
5302 Prestolus (F. Devln) .'. 104
Bofle Ban (Post & Co.) 107
G354 •Flourish <F. Polk) 07
8330 Achilles (McCabe & Co.) 102
£338 Del Vista <G. McKenzle) f»9
.... Minnie Amett (J. J. Arnett) 107
53S2 »Mr. Dingle <8. Judge) fi7
IW.S Loyal S <V. Gilbert) 107
B322 "Crnstellator (Keatinr & Co.) 94
C3M Pat Morr1s»ey <T. Wellman) 03
6051 'Bose of May (J. L. Kirk) 97
Second race — Seven furlongs; two-year-olds:
*«m n r.
6331 Purfcar (J. Curl) 101
K507 •Charlie. Schweirer (I*. A. Blaslngame) 04
r-"*43 *Sil Emlth ( 3. W. Cooper) fl4
r."'.O Tiur.par.r.on <.T. Knebelkamp) 10)
*Ma* Scott <Scott Brew.) P4
C$37 Instrument 'J. J. McAlester) 103
6331 "Anlrad (3. Coffey) 03
fS331)Dorioe (B. Schreiber) 10/
CS43 # Avcnger (J. F. Schorr) 100
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
First ra*-e — Futurity course; three-year-olds
and ur>: eelling. ¦¦:•¦ .
r.34<5 •Silurian (Letnuney Bros.) 101
R312 r.eduer (J. A. Crusa) 103
M33 Oro Viva (Ward & Kane) 101
K330 Cherries (Tate & Co.) 109
£119 "Miss Nettle (J. I*. Kirk & Co.) »8
B3M Mcrwaa (J. J. MeAleeter) 104
f.SSfl Krtucate (C. TV. Cbapptlle) 10C
5338 Buecleuth (B. Schreiber) 103
4T.4O »Greyf eld (R. A. Smith) 1)8
f>330 Amasa CRowley A Co.) »1O6
KUS # Toto Oratlot <E. Barron & Co.) 00
.... Elsenvire. ( J. Wilson) ICO
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
Little Hilderbrand is riding in good
form again. He piloted the long shot,
¦'eterano, and also Mildred Schultz.
Before the first race Emil Herz of
fered to sell Prince Blazes for 5400.
"Bill" Henry, a well known St. Louis
turfman, is paying California another
visit.
The old mud lark Prince Blazes, with
Foley ur>. captured the Introductory
six-furlong sprint. In the betting his
odds were played down from 6 to 3,
and while he was outrun the first part
cleaned up impressively at the end.
Handpress took the place from Flour
ish.
William Knapp got home first on
Erne In the seven-furlong selection fol
lowing. The Curl entry was backed
from 3 t 11 to 5, and won by a length
from Canejo, the recent purchase of
Green Morris. Sherry, a 15 to 1 shot,
ridden by Jack Martin, led for a piece,
finally ending up in the third position.
Garnet Ferguson's Military Man was
played to defeat Casclne. the Burns &
Vaterhous* colt, in the two-year-old
event, but could not accomplish the
trick. It was the latter's initial appear
ance and, with Adkins In the saddle,
he won buck Jumping. Libbie Candid
took show honors from F. E. Shaw.
Almost any price about Mildred
Schultz looked grood. and the mare was
returned an easy winner of the six-
Turlong run. fifth on the card. She
closed at odds of 9 to 5, and finished
nearly two lengths in advance of James
J. Corbett. a 25 to 1 shot. Quiet, the
second choice, died away In the stretch,
losing th» show to Idogo.
Ben MacDhui scored his third
straight victory in the concluding mile
purse race. Adkins waited with him
until ready and then assuming the lead
won with plenty in reserve from Warte
Nlcht. Modicum was third.
• The track was heavy, but form was
well maintained. But for the downfall
of Fossil six favorites would have gone
through. A chunk of fog obscured a
clear view of the second 'event, but
this gradually lifted. The attendance
was large as usual.
Buxton got bo rattled near the pad
dock that he Quit riding and threw
away the place to Greenock. Then
came the second ovation. Buxton was
liberally hooted by a big gathering of
bettors and for his negligence was sus
pended for tw6 weeks by the Judges.
If "Buck" will Just get in and gallop
horses now during his enforced period
of idleness he will no doubt redeem
himself and yesterday's misdeed will
be forgiven.
HORSES RUN TO FORM.
"Buck" must have imagined he was
riding Dick Welles, for he took a good
hold on his mount, and even when Hil
derbrand, astride the 8S-pounder. Vet
erar.o. stole away on the. far turn the
favorite's pilot did not get scared. Vet
erano, against which 20 to 1 was quot
ed, failed to back up and won by six
lengths.
As he and his mount passed the stand
they were the recipients of a mild ova
tion. When they returned after the
finish another one was tendered, only
it was different. According to an alge
braic computation, counting the time
the ficJd was at the post and the time
consumed in running the race, Buxton
was a public idol for four minutes,
twenty nine and three-quarter seconds.
Eddie Sweeney was elected for an un
expired term and served one whole day.
JEERS FOR BUXTON
All summer long things were dull
with Buxton. He finally did get a
chance to do some riding up in the
Jungles of Oregon and Washington,
where squash and pumpkins are rec
ognized as legal currency and whiskers
worn by the male element reach a
length of four feet three and a
half Inches without artificial irrigation.
Indeed, Buxton became the real thing
in those remote regions.
In an indulgent mood the stewards
at Oakland track restored the rider to
good standing on Monday. For his re
appearance Buxton had the mount on
Fossil yesterday, the even .money fa
vorite for the fourth event, a mile and
a furlong: selling affair.
On the closing: day of the meeting at
Oakland last spring Buxton had the
mount on Divina. At the first turn
he bumped and threw Dr. Boyle, the
favorite. For this breach of turf eti
quette he was Indefinitely suspended
by the Judges.
Poor Jockey Buxton! His reign as a
popular Idol was even shorter than
Eddie Sweeney's term as Police Judge.
Fifteen Times' the Crip
pie Twirier Is Hit
Safely. \
After Riding a Poor Race the Jockey Throws Away the Place and
Is Set Down for Two Weeks by the Judges— Five Choices Win
. at Oakland— Ben MacDhui Scores His Third Straight Victory
NATIVES LIKE
M'KAY'S CURVES
BUXTON ON FOSSIL IS PLEASANTLY,
THEN MOST UNPLEASANTLY, RECEIVED
FITZSIMMONS CONTINUES TO RULE A FAVORITE OVER GARDNER
RIVAL BOXERS EXPECT HARD BATTLE
WHEN THEY MEET IN THE PRIZE RING
Measurements Show Them Nearly Equal in Size, While Gardner
Has the Advantage in Condition and in Youth Over the Man
Who Has Been One of the Central Figures in Boxng
TBE FAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 25. 1903.
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OF THE
MOST STUNNING GIBL
IN SAN FRANCISCO.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
A FULL, PAGE PICTURE
§Vim. Vigor. Vitality for Ke.i
MORMON BISHOP'S TILL!
hava been In use over fifty
years by the leaders of tho
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure tno
worst caaes In old* and youo<
arising from effects of sell-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette smoking. Cur* Lost
Manhood. Ircputency. Lost
Tower. Nlsht Losses, Insom-
nia Pains in Back. Evil Desires. Lam« Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Untltnesa to Mar-
ry Lo«a of Senwn. ~ Varlcoc«i» or Con-
.ilpatlon. Stop Ker *^ {1 vous TwUchlnc of
Eyelids. Effects are^-;'~r Immediate. Impart
vlior and poteno*- CJlx «»to every function.
Don't Bet despondent, a cure Is at hand. R«.
store small, undeveloped organs. Stimuli^,
the brain and nerve centers; COc a box; 8 tor
$2 50 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 8 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis St..
San Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. i*
and 40 Third at.
ATroij}ipu]! of I
, MILWAUKEE^
-A Good Hand A
And a steady one. for it meana
sweet words of approval. Th«
"dispenser." whether host or
dealer, is never embarrassed by
the feeling- that It won't please.
There's QUALITY back of it —
Quality that means "Blau"' in
every glass. Uniformly Pur»
and Mature.
Always the Same Good Old Blatz
BUU Kilt-ViTini (Moa-Iatax) T»aij
Druggists or Direct.
Yal. Blatz Brewing Co., Milwaukaa.
Braunscliwelaer & Co., me
5 and 7 DRUMM ST., San Franciica .
Tel. Main 1646. Wh:!esa!« Dealers.PAINTER OF CALIFORNIAN
SCENERY, WHO DIED IN
NEW YORK.
SPRINGEK. N. .Mex.. Nov. 24.— Fire
to-day destroyed the Floersneim Mercan
tile ¦ CompaJxy'R : store <• and -several .'other
buildings, hi the business district, caus
inc a total lbss of 560.000. . •
AUBURN, Nov. 24.— E. L. Flint, a
well '• known contractor of this city,
died suddenly at Lincoln lust night.
Flint had, been up to Chico looking af
ter some co/htracts. While at Gazelle
he ate some 'beefsteak pie and it is be
lieved that he died of ptomaine poison
ing. . .
Dies After Eating a Pie.
On Thanksgiving day. Thursday. . November
26, - the California Northwestern Railway will
sell tickets* from San Francisco to all points
mentioned; below, at half rates or cue fare fo r
the round trip, with limit of return Friday '¦
November . 27 : ¦¦ "' - ¦
St. Vincent. Tgnaclo Novato, Petaluma. Co
tatl," Santa Rosa,' Fulton, v Windsor, Healds
burg, ' ; Lytton, GeyservHle, Asti, - Clovenlaie
Preston, Hopland, ; Guerneville, , Shell viile'
Vlneburg, Sonoma, ¦ Agua Galiente. Glen Ellen*
Sebastopol, Ukiah. Calpella, , ftedwood Valley'
Laughlin. .Wllllts. >
• Tickets will b« on sale at Tlburon ferry on
Thanksgiving day. ¦¦ ¦ : •
On the California Northwestern Bail
way. ._
fggg H AXE j RATES
FOB THANKSGIVING
Isaac Berkman, 188 Albion avenue,
secured a warrant yesterday, for the
arrest of "John Doe" Klass on'a charge
of petty larceny. Klass was a boarder
at the Berkman home and it is alleged
that he disappeared oh Monday, taking
with him Berkman's gold watch" and
chain and 515, besides owing three
weeks' board. . •
Accuses Boarder of Larceny.
KANSAS CIXTT, Nov. 24.— The body
of J. W. KhodeSfc a banker of Navasota,
Tex., ageji 47, "who escaped yesterday
from a private sanitarium, was found
to-day ' in the lake at Troost Park.
Previously Rhodes. had tried to commit
suicide by throwing himself under a
street car. Rhodes ¦ had entered the
sanitarium voluntarily to be treated
for" depression-
Texas Banker Drowns Himself.
MOUNT VERNON, 111.; Nov. 24.—
The bank at Ewing, a small town six
teen miles, south of this city, was en
tered by robbers early this morning
and an attempt made to loot the safe.
Six charges of dynamite were used,
but the robbers succeeded in blowing
only the outer door off. The robbers,
three in. number, left their tools in the
bank in, their haste to escape.
Bank Bobbers Score Failure.
CHICAGO, Nov. 24.— John Templeton
of Humboldt, Neb., a passenger on the
fast Burlington train from Kansas
City, due in Chicago to-day, commit
ted suicide by jumping from the steps
cf one of the coajches while the train
was going at full speo^d near Chilll
cothe. Mo. Templeton's sister and
daughter were on the train. He was In
ill health, largely the result of worry
over business troubles, and was much
depressed, imagining that he was
about to be arrested.
Throws Himself From Train.
LBADVILLE, Col.. Nov. 24.— Charles
Runyon, aged 79 years, died to-day of
general debility. Runyon came to Col
orado in the 40s with General John C.
Fremont and was, one of the original
party of fifteen that accompanied Fre
mont to the San Juan country. He was
a dispatch bearer for Generals. Fremont
and Kearny during the Mexican war
and afterward accompanied ' General
Fremont to California, where he re
mained for several years. . Runyon had
resided In Leadville ever since the dis
covery of carbonates here.
Death Calls Follower of Fremont.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Nov. 24.— A mall
pouch that was rifled near Oelwein,
Iowa, has been received at the office of
Chief Postoffice Inspector Dice. The
pouch had contained several hundred
letters from different points tn the
West. Every letter had been opened
and the money taken. Money orders
and checks amounting to $10,000 were
left. Nearly all the letters were torn
or mutilated in such a manner, that it
will be impossible to forward .them to
their destinations. The sack was last
seen intact at St. Joseph, Mo.
Thieves Loot Mail Pouch.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Postoffice Changes, Army Orders and
the Latest Patents Issued to
Western Inventors.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 24.— Postoffice
discontinued November 20: California —
Oarmel. Monterey County, bail to Sali
nay. Postmasters commissioned: Ore
gon — John D. Stevens, Holbrook. Wash
ington—Arthur J. O'Leary, Wilson
Creek; August Blomquist, Clinton. Free
delivery service will be established, in
December at Chico, Cal.
Army order — Lt-ave of absence of two
months is granted Lieutenant Colonel
Joseph D. Garrard, Ninth Cavalry, to
take effect upon his being relieved from
duty in the Department of California.
The following patents were issued* to-
day: California — Drury D. and J. O. Bal
lsy. Banner, roasting furr.aceattachment;
Frederick H. Ru.sby. San Francisco,
plove; Philip Dahle. E-weka. house-mov- |
!ng truck; Charles S. Ellis, assignor one- I
half to R. C. Lane, Berkeley, feed regu
lator for ore feeder;- Charles G. High
tower. San Mateo. bicycle attachment;
John J. I^ewin, Palo Alto, movement cure
apparatus: Henry P. Lyon. Riverside, ro
tary vegetable prater; "Walter O. Sher
lock. San Francisco, rheostat.
Oregon— James W. Green, Portland, pre
serving eggs; Louis Oliver, Ontario, com
bined water wheel and elevator; Elijah J.
Parrott, Portland, carbureter.
Washington— Rosa H. Boyd. Seattle.
plastic composition; Charles A. Butler.
Port Townsend. acetylene gas generator;
William Dobler, Sumner^steam boiler;
John W. King, Waitsburg/Wevator and
•Jump; William A. Warson, bTattle, plas
tering tool:*lx>uis Williams. Seattle, elec
tricity in electric therapeutics and electric
treatment.
Tree Crushes Woodchopper's Body.
SANTA ROSA. Nov. 24.— Max Drink
waiter, a wood chopper, was brought
to the county hospital to-day Irom Clo
verdal*. puffering from a splintered
bone of the left leg, caused by half a
tree' falling on the member and press
ing it into the ground. The portion ojf
the tree which fell was too heavy to
b* moved by John Harmon and George
Williams, the companions of Drink
tvalter, and they were compelled to dig
the earth from bes^ath it In order to
liberate their frier.d.
San Dieg-o Belle to Marry.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 24.— The an- I
nouncement of the engagement of Miss |
L*>na Sefton of this city to Franklin |
Vi'c-bster Wakelie!d of San Francisco j
w "as made this afternoon at an infor- j
ma] tra given by Mrs. Hugo Klauber,
p -n intimate friend of the bride-to-be.
*?irs Soften is the daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. J. W. Sefton and is a leader
irr.or.R the society people of the city.
Thp -vveddirjr is to take place at the
First Presbyterian Church on the 29th
of rcxt month.
rroops for the Philippines.
JWINNfcMUCCA, Nov. 24.— A detach
ment of the Twentieth United States
Infantry in command of 4 Major J. S.
Rogers passed through here to-day at
noon. The troops will arrive at the
Presidio to-morrow morning. The de
tachment, including officers, numbers
203 men, and is on its way to the Phil
ippines to relieve the Twenty-seventh
When the stove smokes look out for
trouble. A pas stove never 6mokes, so
th*re> no trouble to look out for If you
have a range from San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company, 415 Post street. •
The report created a sensation and
instead of discharging the jury for the
term the court ordered them to recon
vene December 21, when the alleged ir
regularities will be fully, investigated.
PRESCOTT, Ariz., Nov. 24.— The
Territorial Grand J*ury, which has
been in session here two weeks, to
day submitted its final report. The re
port contains a severe arraignment of
a number of county officials.
The committee appointed to investi
gate County Recorder P. J. Farley's
office reported that the book in which
certain fees of the office were kept
prior to July 1, 1903, is missing and no
explanation is offered by the Recorder.
As a result of the ' examination the
committee estimated that $3000 in fees
was collected and not accounted for.
The jury also charges criminal negli
gence in the management of the Poor
Farm and .the County Hospital, alleg
ing that patients were can-fed on the
roll months after being discharged.
The jury estimates that the county has
been swindled out of thousands of dol
lars in this way.
Startling Report Sub
mitted to Officials
in Arizona.
HONOLULU, Nov. 18.— Mrs. Hiram
Bingham, wife of one of the oldest sur
viving missionaries in Hawaii, died yes
terday after an illness of ten days fol
lowing a stroke of paralysis. She was
69 years of age. Mrs. Bingham and her
husband began missionary work ! in
1856, being members of the party on
the famous brig Morning Star. The de
ceased was known throughout Micro
nesia. 1 She assisted her husband in
translating the Bible into the language
of the Gilbert Islanders, and translated
a number of works into that language.
Rev. Hiram Bingham is still living*
Well-Known Missionary Dead.
JURY CHARGES
GROSS FRAUDS
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Nov. 24.—
Counbel for the widow of Philo S.
Bennett, to-day, filed an appeal to the
superior, court firomj the ... decision of
Probate i Judge " Cleaveland regarding
certain portions of the will of Mr. Ben
nett. The appeal is taken from section
12 of the will, which refers" ' to the
sealed letter providing for a gift of
$50,000 to William J. Bryan and family;
also from the sections providing for
trust funds of $10,000 each to be aid
ministered by Mr. and Mrs. Bryan fior
scholarships and. prizes In colleges and
from the section nominating Bryan as
executor of the will.
Bennett Will Again in Court.
Enfeebled In mind and body by sick
ness and the Inroads of years, Mrs
Margaret Hopkins of 2709 McAllister
street stole out of her bed at 4 o'clock
yesterday morntng, Bwallowed the con
tents of a vial of carbolic acid and was
found a half-hour later by her husband
dead in the back yard. She had been
released recently from the St. Helena
Sanitarium, and her mind seemed 'to
have become unsettled, but her rela
tives did not suspect that she contem
plated suicide.
Her husband, R. H. Hopkins," a con
ductor on the McAllister street line,
awoke at 4:50 a. m., and finding that
his wife was not in her bed went in
search of her and found her body lying
in the yard. A vial that had contained
carbolic acid was near by.
Mrs. Hopkins was 54 years oid and
the mother of three grown "children.
AGED MRS. HOPKINS
TAKES CARBOLIC ACID
Her Mind Had Become Weakened by
a Long and Severe Spell of
Sickness. •
One of the best paintings of Rix ia
now in possession of the Bohemian
Club and represents the Christmas
greeting sent by the painter to the
club in 1881. It is a blending of winter
scenery in the East and glorious sun
shine effect of California, typical of the
artist's greeting from the snowbound
coast of the Atlantic to the summery
skies of the Golden State.
One of the last works of Rix is now
in possession qf William Morris, the art
dealer, of this city. It depicts a winter
scene near Harlem, N. Y., and. its glow-
Ing sunset effect is somewhat Turner -
esque.
Rix never married. His father,
Judge Alfred Rix, is still alive and re
sides in San Francisco, and this city is
also the home of two half-brothers and
one full brother of the dead artist. Ed
ward A. Rix, an electrical engineer, Is
a full brother of the dead man, and his
half-brothers are,, William Rix, the at
torney, and A. S. Rix, manager of a
commercial firm.
While Rix never attained a standing
that might be called "great," he was
undoubtedly one of the best landscape
painters in America. He had a wonder
ful faculty of reproduction of scenery
and was a superb colorist. His work
was sincere and honest, and he was
loyal to his profession and did not al
low fame to interfere with his artistic
productions.
WAS SINCERE IN HIS ART.
For the last fifteen years Rix spent
most of his time in New York, though
he returned to California last year and
spent one month at Santa Barbara
painting landscapes. He was a mem
ber of the Lambs' and Lotus Clubs of
New York.
Miss King was 24 years old and had
been an inmate for the Home for Fee
ble-Minded Children at Glen Ellen, but
was taken out about a year and a half
ago to be employed as a house servant
in Mr. Gould's family. Her dead body
was found in the laundry in the base
ment, with one end of a piece qf rub
ber tubing in her mouth and the other
end affixed to the gas burner. A doctor
was summoned and pronounced her
beyond the reach of resuscitation.
Gould was one of the directors of the
home and played a prominent part In
the legislative Investigation 'Into the
affairs of the home last spring. It was
alleged that he took the girl from that
institution without authority of the
board of directors to work as a servant
for him. Coroner Leland avoided this
phase of the case and asked no ques
tions concerning it
The Scottish Clans.
The silver anniversary of the found
ing of the Order, of Scottish Clans in
this city will be celebrated in Scottish
Hall on the evening of Friday next by
a* grand literary entertainment and
dance under the auspice3 of ; Clan
Fraser No. 78. The entertainment will
commence at 8 o'clock and continue un
til 10, when dancing will be In order.
WASHINGTON'. Nov. 24.—Representa
tive Mondell of Wyoming introduced ; a
bill to-day prohibiting- the selection .of
timber land In lieu of lands within a for
est reservation. ~tr*aBtxaaaa*thx*it*mit&*wri
"Suicide" was the verdict of a Cor
oner's jury yesterday In the case of
Rose King, who suffocated herself with
illuminating gas on October 21 at the
residence of Charles W. Gould, 1713
Green street.
She Is Taken From Home for Feeble
Minded at Glen Ellen to
Work.
Introduced to prominent men In New
York City when the painter went East
at the ago of 33 years, and in a brief
period the California artist had made
his mark in the- Atlantic metropolis.
Klacknor, Harpers and other prom
inent publishers took the paintings of
Rix, and the "Four Hundred" showed
eagerness to secure the canvases of
the successful artist. He secured entree
to promir.' nt clubs and his rise io fame
was rapid.
VERDICT OF SUICIDE
IN ROSE KING CASE
Rix showed great ability In painting
California scenery, and some of his
works attracted considerable attention
in the East. Through the efforts of
William Morris, the art dealer. Rix was
Julian Walbrldge Rix, the famous
landscape painter, died in New York
City yesterday Crom the result of an
operation, and 1 the news of his demise
was received with deep regret in San
Francisco, where, he lived for many
years. . .
Rix was born in Peacham, Vt., In
1851, and came to California with hjs
father. Judge Alfred Rix, when he was
a child. " At the age of 8 years Rix was
sent to his 'native State and was edu
cated there, and returned to San Fran
cisco when he was 15 years of age.
As a boy he showed promise of be
coming an artist, but his father vas
opposed to his son's selection of a ca
reer and apprenticed him to a firm of
house and sign painters, hoping to cure
the lad of any desire of becoming an
artist. I
Young Rix, however, did not take
klndiy to house painting and was soon
engaged in the work of getting up deco
rative signs. This wlietted his appetite
for drawing, and he astonished his
friends by his work. He attracted the
attention of Jules Tavernier, Tom Hill
and Virgil Williams, and was enrolled
as one of the first pupils of the San
Francisco Art Association. William
Morris, the art dealer, also lent his
counsel and aid to young Rix, arid the
result was that it was not long ere
Rix was in demand.
WEALTHY. MEN HIS PATRONS.
Rix rapidly came to the front as a
painter of California scenery, and his
works were purchased by the late C.
P. Huntington, Irving M. Scott, William
[ Morris, the Crockers and Louis Sloss.
The Bohemian Club also encouraged
Rix, and many of his paintings were
secured by the club and are .among its
most valued belongings. He was made
an honorary life member of the Bohe
mian Club, and wealthy patrons came
to him in number.
HONOLULU, Nov. 18.— J. 'Nurney of
the Sixty-seventh Coast Artillery, sta
tioned here, was found guilty of petty
larceny by a jury In Judge. Gear's
court and sentenced to pay a fine of
$50. Nurney is one of three soldiers
who were arrested for burglary and re
arrested against the protest of the mil
itary authorities on charges of larceny
when the burglary indictment was
found to be defective. The action of
the civil authorities in pressing the
cases after one release caused some
animated correspondence between Ma
jor McClellan and Governor Dole, and
it is understood that the major made
a protest to the War Department on
the ground that the men were taken by
the police after they had been arrested
on a military warrant. Nurney's two'
companions were acquitted. .
Member of Sitxty-Seventh Coast Ar
tillery Sentenced by Civil Court
to Pay Fine.
SOLDIER AT HONOLULU
CONVICTED OF LARCENY
A witness, D. J. Brown, was produced
by the contestants, who testified that
he was the confidential adviser of Mrs.
McDermott. Shortly before her death
Mrs. McDermott, he said, told him that
phe had made no will. This testimony
went in under objection and was sub
sequently stricken out as hearsay.
To-morrow Attorney C Michener will
be subjected to a cross-examination by
thf attorney? for the contestants, with
a view to breaking down his testimony
tfrcr. In support of the will.
Subsequently Mrs. Burns brought
ether things to Mrs. Foye's house with
the same request that they be kept un
til called for. About three or four
months after this Mr. Burns, husband
of Mary Anne Burns, came after the
things, bringing a large hamper with
which to carry them away. In trans
ferring these things from the basket
to the hamper Mrs. Foye discovered the
will and gave it to Mr. Burns. This
will Durr>orts to be executed on- No
vember 22, 1902. Mrs. McDermott died
In December following.
the document produced as the will of
Bridget McDermott to be a bold, crude
and raw forgery.
It Is claimed by those upholding: the
will that it Is signed by Mrs. McDer
mott by her marking her cross in the
presence of two witnesses, C. MIchener
and James Kerwln. The handwriting
expert stated positively that the man
who wrote the name C. Micheaer is
the person who* attached the cross be
tween the words "Bridget McDermott."
A large number of exemplars of Mrs.
McDermott's crosses signed to various
documents, and admittedly genuine,
¦were produced, no one of which bore
the slightest resemblance to that upon
the will, according to EisenschimeL
Mrs. Catherine Foye, who found the
will now in Question, was subjected to
a rigid crc» -examination on the part
of the contestants, but her testimony
was r.ot shaken. If fraud was prac
ticed in the production of the will Mrs.
Foye appears to be wholly innocent in
the matter. She stated that she was
at the McDermott house on the night
Mrs. McDermott died: that on that
night Mrs. Mary Anne Burns, who, with
John J. Fannen, are the sole legatees,
gave her a basket containing clothes
and asked her to take it to her home
and keep it until called for. This she
did.
H ED WOOD CITY. Nov. 24. -Carl
nSfensehimel. in the McDermott will
contest, testifying as an expert on dis
puted handwriting, to-day pronounced
facial Dispatch to The Call
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 24.— Frank
"Walters dislikes to look upon the dead,
but -when volunteers were needed to
lift the body of a drowned boy from
the river, he took hold of the rope 'and
pulled. When the corpse was hoisted
to the wharf, Walters turned his head
and walked away. A minute later his
curiosity mastered him. He returned
and found that the dead boy was his
brother Robert, a 17-year-old youth.
Sailors on a French bark at the Ore
gon Railroad and Navigation dock
saw a lad fall into the water from the>
pier and sink immediately. The report
that a man had been drowned spread
rapidly and a searching party set out
in a skiff. When they found the body
they tied a rope around it and started
for shore.
Frank Waters, who had been watch
ing them, went to the house to tell his
younger brother of the accident. His
mother said Robert had gone up ten.'
Frank returned and, not wishing to see
the corpse, stood_ at a distanced Only
two men were on the wharf, however,
when the body arrived and they asked
Frank to help pull the body up.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Interesting Developments in
the McDermott Es
tate Case.
Volunteers to Hoist Body
and Discovers Dead
Relative.
•Portland Man Has Dis
tressing Experience
on a Wharf.
Witness Testifying As
Expert Discredits a
Document.
Famous Painter of Landscapes of This State
Passes Away in New York City, His
Demise Following a Surgical Operation
SAYS THE WILL
IS A FORGERY
ARTIST JULIAN W. RIX
IS SUMMONED BY DEATH
DROWNED BOY
HIS BROTHER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 25, iyO3.
11
W1O FINALLY WINS
PRETTY MADGE STAIR?
SEE THE NEXT
SUNDAY CALL
G. A. HENRY 8c CO.
General Agents Pacific Coast Department.
215 SANSOiviE STREET, SAN FRANCISCO, CALo
STATEMENT
OF THE— —
CONDITION AND AITAIB3
OP THE—
National Standard
INSURANCE COMPANY
("|F NEW TORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
V!*ork .on the 31st day of December A D.
1002 and for the year ending on that day aa
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
Statu of California, t.ursuant to the provision*
of sections WO and Cll of the Political Code
condensed as per blank furnished by th« Com-
missioner 1
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid np
In Cash $200,000 00
ASSETS.
Ctafe Market Value cf all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company J442.0T7 so
Cash in Banka 1O4'9^7 "tj
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1 54a g,.
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
11011 85.369 62
Total Assets ....$834,121 04
LIABILITIES.
Losses !n process of Adjustment or
In Suspense $49,035 00
Losses resisted, including expenses. 733 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $383,421 86;
reinsurance 60 per cent 194,212 43
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one J"eur. $76,-
279 OS; reinsurance pro>rata 42,283 68
Commissions ard Brokerage due and
to become due 16.949 $*
All other liabilities 21.293 34
Total Liabilities $324,310 33
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Flr«
premiums $424,082 33
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 4 73
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 13.T71 9>
Received for profit on sale of Bonds. 10.117 i§
Total Incomo $447,988 U
EXPENDITURES. ~~
Net amount paid for Fire Losse*
(including $ . loasea of previ-
ous years) $268,272 70
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including $— 1 . losses of previ-
ous years) 39 20
Dividends to Stockholders 10,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or •
Brokerage '. . . 116,687 73
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for of fleers, clerks, etc. . 1.333 00
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 14.231 14
All other payments and expendi-
ture* '4.063 43
Total Expenditure* $413,579 21
Losses Incurred durlrg the year $282.300 90
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $53,664,f29 $743,347 es
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 50,334.413 €33.361 M
Net amount In force
December 31. 10C2. 3G.9S4.5C2 464.703 91
Marina
RtsJcs and Premiums. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks t
written during the
year $ $9 49
Net amount cf Risks
expired during the
year » 49
Net. amount In force
December 31. 1002
~~~" R a RATHBOXE. Prest.
JOHN B. COONET. Seey.
Subscribed and itnro to before m« this 21st
day of February. 1903.
CHRIS. BAMBACH. Notary Publlo.
STATEMENT
— — OF THE-
CONDITION AND AFFAIBS
— — OF THE
AssuranceGompany
OF AMERICA
OF NEW TORK. IS THE STATE OF
New Tork. on the 31st day of December,
A. D. 1002, and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisions of sections C10 and 611 of the Polit-
ical Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid np
In Cash $200.000 00
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $454,277 30
Cash in Bank» 76.S24 47
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1.623 82
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 75.6G3 12
.Total Assets (60S.394 PI
* . LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of Adjustment or
tn Suspense 548. » 43 00
Loeses resisted. Including expenses.. S50 (H)
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $381,123 W;
reinsurance 50 Der cent 130,662 87
Cross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $80,-
347 SI" reinsurance pro rata 44,867 S9
CommUelon* and Brokerage due and
to become due 15.0S6 83
All other Liabilities 17.734 14
Tctal Liabilities , $317,818 83
¦
INCOME.
Net c»*h actually received for Fire
Dremlums ¦ .$429,636 72
Net cwh actually received fpr Ma-
rine premiums 4 74
rtpeelved for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources . ..., 13.453 21
Received for profit on sale of Bonds. 13,204 »1
Total Income $456,205 53
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount P«W for Fire Losses
(including $ — . K»ae» of pre-
vlous yfcars) 267,400 03
Net amount paid for Marine Lossea
(Including % • lossea of pre- -
vlous years) 89 IS
Dividends to Stockholders : 10. COO 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ¦• 113.316 50
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerka. etc... 1,433 vH)
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes -- ••• 12.002 51
AH other payments and expendi-
ture** ,....••..••....»•-••».¦«..•• B66 03
Total Expenditures $409,863 31
Losses incurred during the year.... $282,624 21
" ~ Fire Pre-
Risks and Premiums. Risks. miums.
Net amount of Risks
written during ' the
year ....:........... $ 32. SM.14S $630,016 21
Net amount of risks
expired durin* the,
year ."...". 54.642.030 645,050 07
Net amount tn force V*-
cerober 31. 1002....... 36.665.10O 461.473 25
I Marine | Prc
Risks and Premiums. Risks. naiums.
Net Rtnount of risks
written during the
year n 74
Net amount of risks
expired during the
year 4 74
Net amount In force De-
cember 31. 1002. ..' Non«.
ROBERT C. RATHBONE. Prest.
. R. B RATHBONE. Secy.
Subscribed and "worn to before me this 21st
day of February. 15)03.
CHRIS. BAMBACH. Notary Public
THE POPULARITY OF OUTDOOR SPORTS
~^— WAS NEVER MORE IN EVIDENCE THAN TO-DAY
"AT WORK"
'. • ¦ '
The publisher of The Call, in anticipating the tendency of the times
( in giving more time to recreation, hunting and fishing, has acquired for
their exclusive use a series of art pictures which will serve as reminders
during the busy months of those delightful days passed in the field.
"At Work," the title of the next Sunday Call's offering, is a reproduc-
tion from an oil painting by J. M. Tracy, an artist whose paintings of
dogs have never been surpassed.
Mr. Tracy had for the subject of this study the celebrated Llewellyn
setter, "BODEBIGO," who became famous in this country by his clean
sweep of bench and field events.
This picture, while it appeals strongly to those who know every point
in a dog, is perhaps just as interesting to the many who love the faithful
animal.
In handling, color and action, "At Work" is a most life-like study; a
picture that, when framed, could with difficulty be distinguished from
the original oil painting.
g To overlook this is to miss one of the best of the Sportsmen's Series.
> DON'T DO IT. ORDER THE CALL TO-DAY.United Etates Ccast and Geodetic Survey
Time and Heights of High and Low Water*
' at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Time Ball.
Dranch Hydrographlc Office. U. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. uSan Francisco. CaL.
November 24, 1003.
The Time Ball was not dropped to-day.
Wires down. - J. C. BURNETT,
Lieut., U. S. N.," In Charge. .
NEW YORK, ' Nov. 24,-From: San
Francisco— B. G. Geary, at the Broad
way Central: S. Hale, at the Grand Un
ion; J. S. Rountree, at the Imperial;. J.
B. Bigrelow, at the Everett; C. S. Dick
inson, at the Broadway \ Central; Mrs.
J. Hecht. at the Netherland; F. Jaynes
and wife, at; the Manhattan; : V. T. J Mc-
Gallyandy and wife," 1 at" the Park Ave
nue. From Santa- Barbara— J. R. Fith
lart, at the Manhattan. ; 3SSB
Californians in New York.
In addition to the cargo previously reported
the steamer Umatilla, which sailed on Sunday
for Victoria, carried 416 pkgs fresh fruits, 20
pkgs fresh %-egetabtes. 5O6O lbs fertilizer and
12 pkgs machinery, valued at $10.14.
Additional Cargo.
The German state gives to one univer
sity more than the British Government
allows to all the universities and univer
sity oolloces In Kngland. Ireland, Scot
land together.
An unusually heavy tule fog fell upon
the roast and upon the ocean for twen
ty-five miles off shore yesterday after
noon. Profersor McAdie of the Weather
Bureau said last night that masters of
ships would have to exercise preat care
to avoid mishaps. It is predicted that
the foe will continue to be heavy to
day. . :" '¦
Fog Is Heavy.
The steamer Nevadan sailed on Monday for
Honolulu and Kahulul with an assorted mer
chandise cargo, valued at $153,753. and in
cluding the following: - 1200 bbls flour. 4447
ctls barley. 78.735 lbs middlings. 673 bales hay,
152 ctls wheat. 178.141 lbs bran. 151 ctls corn,
03,379 lbs eugar, 660 pkgs potatoes, 170 pkgs
onions, 9 pkgs fresh vegetables, 343 pkgs fresh
fruits. 6C7 pkffs bottled beer, 14.030 lbs lard.
2001 lbs driml fleh, 2176 lbs 2 ca cheese. 10,998
lbs beans. 7530 lbs £*3 cs meals, 1500 lbs salt,
330 lbs her! 1 . 3088 gals 01 cs wine. 1284 gals
281 cs whisky, 25 cs gin, 1432 cs assorted
canned goods, 236 pkgs groceries and provis
ions, 1888 lbs. nuts. 1058 lbs glucose, 1171 lbs
4 cs dried fruit. 1105 lbs candy, 13 cs salad
oil, €232 lbs ham and bacon, 8 cs eggs, 400 bxs
paste, 11.018 lbs 24 cs bread. 3720 lbs coffee,
0570 lbs codfish, 81O cs canned 118 pkgs pickled
palmon 18 pkgs olives, 1083 lbs butter, 162
pkgs dry goods, 112 cs boots and shoes, 50 pkgs
drugs and sundries, 24 cs hats, 275 tons fer
tilizer. 25 pkg* paper, 84 pkgs machinery, 64
pkgs wagon material. 112 pkgs wire, 1520 lbs
starch. 104 colls rope. 39 pkgs mlllwork, 16
pkgs electrical supplies, 1650 gals distillate,
pks electrical supplies. 1650 gals distillate, 174
bbls 124 cs oil, 124 cs palnta. 15 bales oakum, 25
pkgs rubber goods. 106 bxs soap. 42 pkgs plumb
ing material, 474 kegs nails. 42 cs benzine, 6 pkgs
agricultural implements, 71 cs matches, 31 cs
arms and ammunltldh, 78 bdJs 40 cs pipe, 25
bales twine, 1600 cs coal oil, 17 cs turpentine,
60 kegs white lead, 6 bbls tar, 21 tons coal,
19,000 lbs SO bbls cement, 58 pkgs acid, 8 pkgs
leather. 5 cyls ammonia, 2555 lbs soda, 70 bxs
candle*. 5 cs gasoline, 6 crts sowing machines,
250 hogs, 15 mules, 6 horses. .2 cows, 16 coops
poultry.
The Nevadan's Cargo.
The British ship Ancalos is chartered for
wheat from Portland to Durban. South Africa,
and the French bark Eugenie Fautrel, eame
business, from Tacoma to Europe (prior to ar
rival).
The British ship Crown of Denmark is char
tered for lumber from Puget Sound to Sydney
or Port Plrie at 27s Cd, with option of Mel
bourne or • Adelaide, at 30e; schooner W. F.
Gnrir.s. same business, from Portland to Taku,
Tslntan, Shanghai, or Manila, at 35s. The
British chip- William Tillie, which made port
on Monday, was chartered prior to arrival for
lumber and merchandise to Sydney at lCs 3d
for lumber and t*s for merchandise.
. The schooner Llllebonne has been sold at
auction at Hongkong for $S000.
Hatters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.'
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Nov 2, on the equator, long 25 W, Br bark
Invermay. from Antwerp, for San Diego
Per atmr Alameda— Nov 23, 6:35 a m. lat
35 14 N, Ion 120 53 W. full-rigged ship bound
S; 7:05 a m. lat 35 17 N, Ion 129 46 W 4
maeted bark, ~ bound S; 4:15 p m, lat 3(J 13
N. Ion 127 26 W. Br ship Cralgmore, from
Vancouver, for Callao; 7:30 ,p m, lat 30 34
N. Ion 12G 32 W, met U^ S army transport,
bound SW. Nov 24, 1:45 a m, lat 37 13 N,
Ion 124 48 W, met a steamer bound SW.
Per Br ship Mozambique — Nov 1, lat 12 N,
Ion 110 W, bktn Puako, from Ballard, for
Algoa - Bay. . .
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Nov 114, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind NE, velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT HADLOCK — Arrived Not 24 — Bktn J
M Griffith, from San Pedro.
REDONDO — Arrived Nov 24 — Stmr Des
patch, hence Nov 22.
Sailed Nov 24— Schr G W Watson, for Ana
cortes. • • -- • - (
SEATTLE— Sailed Nov 23— Stmr N.ome City,
for Portland: itmr Farallon, for Skagway. .
Arrived - Nov 24— Fr bark- Eugenie Fautre!,
from Hamburg; itmr City ". of Seattle, from
Skagway. ?
COOS BAT — Arrived Nov 24 — Stmr Empire,
hence Nov 21.
EUREKA— Sailed Not 23— Stmr Brooklyn,
for San Pedro: bktn Amelia, for Honolulu.
Arrived Nov 21 — Stmr North Fork,' hence
Nov 22: Btmr Francis H Leggett,' hence 23.
Sailed Nov 24^ — Stmr laqua . and •• schr Mary
Buhne. for San Francisco; etmr Senator, for
San Francisco. - . '¦'--.-'
EVERETT — Arrived Nov 24— Bktn John C
Meyer, from San Pedro. •; .
Sailed Nov 24— Schr Susie M Plummer, for
San Pedro. . , -
TACOMA— Sailed Nov. 23— Schr Manila, for
San Pedro. 1 ;
Arrived Nov 24 — Simr Mackinaw, hence 20.
• Failed Nov. 24 — Br ship. Slieve Bawn, for
Callao. . -
BEAR HARBOR — Arrived . Nov 24-^-Stmr
Westport, from Westport, : and ' not as ¦ before
reported. . - . \ - , ¦¦
BANDON— Arrived Nov 24— Stmr Chlco,
hence Nov 21.
MARSHFIELD— Sailed Nov 24— Stinrs Czar
ina and Navarro, for San Francisco. .
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived , Nov 24— Brl«
Echr Chas E Falk.
. '•: SPOKEN.
. SAILED.
.Tuesday, November 24.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall. Aatoria.
Stmr Signal, Bendegaard, Coos Bay.
Stmr Maggie, Corning, Port Denlson.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr National City, Hammar, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Rival, McCleraents, Willapa Harbor.
Stmr Del Norte, Green, Crescent City.
Fr ship Champigny, Boju, Havre.
OUTSIDE BOUND IN, 12 MIDNIGHT
• Tuesday, November 24.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, Eureka; Pacific
Coast Steamship Co.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nlcolson, San Pedro; Pacific
Coast Steamship Co.
CLEARED,
Tuesday, November 24. i
Stmr Newbun:, Anfindsen, 87 hours from
Cray* Haibor.
Stmr Alcazar, Martin, 22 hours from Port
Hnrford.
Stmr Alameda, Dowdell, C days from Hono
lulu.
Stmr San Pedro, Andresen, 74 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Magcie, Corning, 8 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Fr bark Ernest Lesouve, Pllllvuyt, 82 days
from Newcastle, Aus.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
The French bark Ernest Legonne, which ar
rived yesterday, ninety-two days from New
castle. Australia, brought a cargo of 3000 tons
of coal.
Chief Engineer Hough of the steamship Ne
braskan has resigned from th" service of the
American-Hawaiian line to take a position In
Honolulu. His successor on the Nebraekan Is
Bernard Mills.
The German ehip Optima is going to New
castle. Australia. In ballast.
Water Front Notes.
Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Blank and daugh
ter, Mrs. Dieckriede,"* and Miss Lillian
Anheuser are stopping at the Palace
Hotel. Mr. Blank is the Western gen
eral manager of the Anheuser-Busch
Brewing Association of St. Louis. The
party has been touring Southern Cali
fornia and after remaining in San
Francisco for a week or ten days in
tends paying a visit to the Northwest
ern States before returning to St.
Louis.
R. Allyn Lewis of New York, who Is
a heavy stockholder in the Green Con
solidated Copper Company, is among
the latest arrivals at the Palace.
L. A. Crane, the Santa Cruz fruit
grower, and wife, who have been stay
ing at the Palace for several days, de
parted for the south last evening. •
H. Helm, who is interested in the
construction of the Valdez Railroad in
Alaska, arrived from the north yester
day and is registered at the Palace.
Hon. S. A. Campbell, Collector of
Customs at Eureka, Cal., has returned
from a trip throughout the " East and
expect to leave for Eureka on Friday.,
John A. Wilson, a distinguished pro
fessor of church history and pastoral
theology of Pittsburg, and a party of
relatives and friends arrived from the
East yesterday and are staying at the
Palace. 1
E. "Wortmann. representing the pas
senger department of the North Ger
man Lloyd Steamship Company in New
,York, is in the city'on a tour of in
spection of the company's Western
agencies. He is staying at the Palace.
. B. W. Arnold, a millionaire lumber
man of Albany, N. Y., formerly a di
rector of the New York. Central Rail
road and a partner of General "Alger in
a number of big . enterprises in Minne
sota, arrived at the Palace yesterday
with his -wife.
Henry Callahan, the well-known
wealthy mining man, who has been
abroad for several months, . has re
turned to this city.
A. B. Hammond, the well-known
timber and railroad magnate, left yes
terday for Portland.
W. F. Snyder, a mining man of Salt
Lake, who is interested in . a number
of properties on the coast, is registered
at the Palace.
A; Musto, a merchant of Stockton, is
at the Grand. ,
A. F. Dixon, chief of the construction
department at Mare Island, is at the
Occidental.
Rev. A. S. Clark of Stockton is at the
Grand.
Dr. M. E. Grossman of Honolulu Is
at the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
The grip of the dummy in striking
the cable wrenched the slots of the
crossing out of shape. A gang of work
men was rushed to the scene and suc
ceeded in fixing the damage so that
passenger traffic, which was delayed
for half an hour, could be resumed.
Mrs. Murphy was so badly shaken
that the had to be placed in bed to re
main a time before she could go to her
home. Nichols, after having his wounds
attended to. was allowed to go to his
home.
Two people were injured last night
about 5 o'clock while riding on a north
bound Ninth and Larkin street car.
The gxipman on crossing the cables of
the Market-Ftreet line failed to release
his grip in proper time and it struck
the crossing cable with a terrific crash.
There were several people in the car
at the time. Two of them. Mrs. J. W.
Murphy of 1675 Bush street and "W. F.
Nichols of 9 Mary terrace, were thrown
to the front of the car, striking the iron
bars over the windows. Mrs. Murphy
sustained a severe contusion of the
back and right shoulder. Nichols es
caped with a bruised head and skinned
nose. The injured people were taken
to a drug store at 1602 Market street
and from there to the Receiving Hos
pital, where their injuries were dressed.
All of the passengers were badly
shaken.
Ninth and Larkin Street Car Gripman
Fails to Release His Lever in
Time.
DUJIMY STBIKES CABLE AND
TWO PEOPLE ARE INJURED
The China Commercial Company's- steamship
Lothian will po from here to Portland to load
flour and general cargo. She will return here
before starting for the Orient and take aboard
1500 tons of flour.
"Will Get Cargo From Two Ports.
The sh!^ Edward Sewall, which left Phila
delphia for this port, went aground at the
upper end of Reedy , Island, but was floated
on the rise of the tide without *ustainlng any
damage and yesterday proceeded on her way.
Ship-Edward Sewall Aground.
The pritish bark Beechdale, out ninety-nine
days from Guaymas for Callao, was placed
on the reinsurance list yesterday at 10 per cent.
The other overdues are quoted as follows:
Charlonus, 10 per cent; Lurller, 15 per cent;
Flfeehire. 50 per cent; Paris, 40 per rent:
Talca, 15 per cent; Llndistarne, 15 per cent;
Thalia, 90 per cent; La Bruyere, 20 per cent.
Reinsurance "List.
The steamship Gaelic sails \o-day for the
Orient with forty-five cabin passengers and
3900 tons of cargo. The liner will call at Ma
nila this trip and has 2000 tons of cargo for
the Philippine port. Her Manila cargo in
cludes 75,000 feet of lumber. She takes 2000
tens of flour and 700 bales of cotton.
Gaelic Sails To-Day.
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
November 25. |
S. Monica.. Grays Harbor .... 4 pm|Pier 2
Phoenix Mendocino City.... I 1 pm|Pler 13
Chehalis Grays Har"bor ....I Pier —
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
Arctio Humboldt 2 pm Pier 10
Olympic... Whatcom & FaJrh'n 4 pm Pier 20
Eureka. Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way 9 am Pier 11
Gaelic China & Japan ... 1 pm Pier 40
November 20.
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 amlPler 11*
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm|Pier 20
November 27.
Coronado... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Corona Humboldt ,. ll:30pjPier 9
Nicarla.... Hambunr & Way..|12 m|Pler 19
Alliance^ Eureka & Coos Bay Pier 16
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
November 2S.
laqua Humboldt 9 amlPler 2
Newbury. .. Grays Harbor .... 4 pm'Pier 10
F. LeEgett. Los Angeles Ports. 10 amfPler 10
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm|Pier 2
San Pedro.. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Alameda... Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
C. Sydney. . N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
November 2O.
S Rosa.... San Diego & Way. » smjPIer 11
Bonita Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Columbia... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
November 30. ¦ ~
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier-»3
December 1.
Centralia... Grays Harbor [4 pmlPIer 10
North Fork. Humboldt | 5 pmfPler 20
Marlposa... Tahiti direct Ill am Pier 7
December S. |
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 110 am Pier 2
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. Ill am Pier 9
December 3. |
Coquille River .... 4 pm Pier 2
H. K. Maru China & Japan.-,.. 1 pm Pier 40
December 4. |
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
December 5. j
Arlzonan... New York J [Pier 25
Newport N. Y. via Panama. 12 m| Pier 40
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. j Balls.
Al-Ki Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 25
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 27
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts|Dec. 1
Dolphin Skagway & Way Port*. IDec. 2
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way PtsjDec 7
The German bark Bolide, which arrived at
Honolulu November 16. 199 days from Leith,
encountered a terrific hurricane when off Cape
Horn. Captain Brader was knocked down by
one of the Feas which swept the vessel's deck
and seriously injured. His right shoulder was
dislocated end his arm sprained. During the
height of the hurricane the first mate was
taken violently 11] end later suffered great pain
from a frost-bitten hand.
Hard Time Off Cape Horn.
Steamer. From. | Due.
Nicarla Seattle I Nov. 25
laqua Humboldt ....J Nov. 25
Centennial Seattle- & Tacoma Nov. 25-
Senator Humboldt Nov.i 20
Coronado.... San Pedro Nov. 25
Artec Tacoma Nov. 25
H. K. Maru... China & Japan Nov. 25
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Nov. 25
Newport N. T. via Panama Nov. 25
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena. Nov. 20
Santa Rosa.. . Ean Diego & Way Porte Nov. 20
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Nov. 2t>
Columbia Portland & Astoria Nov. 26
Humboldt Seattle Nov.. 26
Hawaiian.... New York Nov. 27
Czarina Coos Bay Nov. 28
Edith Seattle Nov. 28
Pomona Humboldt Nov. 23
Eureka Humboldt Nov. 28
North Fork... Humboldt Nov. 23
City Puebla.. Pugret Sound Ports Nov. 28
Aijydos Hamburg & Way Porte. Nov., 2a
F. Leggctt... Humboldt Nov. 28
Ciracao Mexican Ports Nov. 29
Del None.... Crescent City Nov. 23
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports... Nov. 30
Chlco Coqullle River Nov. 30
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports Nov. 30
Stale of Cal . . San Dlepo & Way Ports Nov. 30
Corona Humboldt Dec. 1
S. Barbara... Seattle & Olympla Dec 1
G.W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria Dec 1
City of Para. N. Y. via Panama iDec. 2
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports.... |Dec. 3
China China and Japan |Dec. 4
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive . tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
Eometlmca occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
el£n precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Sun rises 7:00
Sun sets 4:5J
Moon seta 10:44 p m.
O ITirae Time Time . Tlmel
P Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft. f
? |H W L W II W L. W|
25 4:44 4.8110:08 3.2 3:33 4.2 0:57 0.8
20 5:25 4.9111:20 2.0 4:39 3.0 10:43 1.1
27 «:07 5.1|12:20 2.C 5:63 3.8 11:43 1.4
28 ( «:47 5.21 1:11 2.0 7:06 3.8 1
L W |H W L W H W
20 0:34 1.6 7:24 5.2 1:50 1.6 8:14 4.0
30 1:20 1.9 8:00 5.4 2:30 1.0 9:12 4.3
1 2:05 2.1 8:32 5.6 3:12 0.3|10:08 4.4
A quarter of a million school children
in California will be interested In the
fact that they or some of them have
afforded enough educational exhibits,
in connection with the photographs,
etc., supplied by school authorities and
boards of education, to already over
crowd the space allowed to California
in the educational building at St.
Louis. Not all the tounties have made
arrangements to be advertised educa
tionally at St. Louis. There are ten
counties at least in the list of those*
that will not show as counties. They
may take part in the collective Califor
nia show, but not individually.
Robert Furlong, head of the division
of education for California, acting un
der the direction of the California Com
missioners to the exposition, said yes
terday . that much more space could
have been well filled with California's
educational display if it had. been pro
curable. The educational part of Cal
ifornia's offerings is not proportionate
ly larger than is the general collections
from the several counties that are at
work. As a matter of fact, there is a
demand for at least four times as much
space in the collective California dis
play as is allotted to the entire State.
As a result the California Commission
ers ! are full of business, trying to ad
just matters as nearly as possible to
the satisfaction of the people. Uncle
Sam is reaping a harvest from the
postage needed to carry the letters of
explanation, inquiry and demand.
Educational Chief Furlong says that
it Is about settled that Stanford Uni
versity will not exhibit at St. Louis.
After the first exclusive announcement
in The Call to that effect there was
some hope that the authorities at Stan
ford would find a way to make some
sort of a showing, but as nothing has
been heard for some time Mr. Furlong
thinks that Stanford will not be rep
resented.
One striking fact about the Califor
nia educational exhibit will be the
work of the technical schools in this
city, the California School of Mechan
ical Arts, otherwise known as the Lick
School; the Polytechnic High School,
the Coggswell Polytechnic School and
the" Wilmerdlng School. The ]ast
named is under the same direction as
the Lick School. These four institu
tions can make a fine showing collec
tively in the line of practical education.
marriage took place fourteen months
ago. ,- . -a^'.I* ¦-.*"-'•
Hulda Rundberg: i wants a divorce
from Peter Rundberg on the ground of
neglect. She alleges that he abandoned
her and their two children in October,
1897. They were married twenty-six
years ago in Sweden.
Desertion Is the ground on which
Charles H. Gage is seeking a divorce
from Pauline M. Gage. He complains
that she left him more than a year ago
at Los Angeles. They were married
June 30, 1897.
Interlocutory decrees of divorce were
granted by Judge Kerrigan to Emma
G. Hall from Ed G. Hall for desertion
and Mae E. Hagler from William Hag
ler for neglect. 1 Judge Sea well granted
a divorce to Dottie W. Dana from Par
sons F. Dana for infidelity, and to Ellse
M. Lawrence from George W. Law
rence for neglect.- Mary Mitchell was
granted a divorce- from John Mitchell
for cruelty by Judge Troutt, and Judge
Murasky severed the ties uniting Tilly
Pearl Neef to Emil Neef on Mrs. Neefs
complaint on a cruelty charge.
Leona F. Schultz is seeking a divorce
from George F. Schultz,' an engineer,
on the ground of cruelty. She says that
on . August * 20^ of ; this year, he : ; brutally
beat and kicked her and, threatened to
kiirher with a pistol, and that 'on No
vember, 7 he again beat her in a most
shameful manner aiidtold'her he would
kill her. She says he possesses an un
governable : temper, \ and ; she ; fears that
he will carry out his threats. . Their
FEARS HER HUSBAND.
Gelhaus is a coal dealer on Four
teenth" street. He was married at San
Jose in 1894. Three months ago Mrs.
Gelhaus sued him for divorce on the
ground*, of cruelty. 'He filed a .cross
complaint, in which he also charged
cruelty. When the case came -up for
trial Judge , Graham advised them for
the sake of the children to make-up.
Gelhaus .was willing^ but his wife was
not, and Judge Graham, hoping she
would change her mind, continued the
ckse.* At the second hearing Mrs. Gel
haus was still obdurate," and Judge
Graham again continued the .case.
The reconciliation. was not effected un
til yesterday morning, a short- time be
fore the case was called for the third
time. '
The efforts of Judge Graham to ef
fect a reconciliation between Wilhel
mina Gelhaus and Frank Gelhaus. prin
cipals ; in divorce proceedings in his
court, proved fruitful| yesterday. Mrs.
Gelhaus, for trie sake of her children,
consented to a dismissal • of the suit
brought by her, Gelhaus withdrew his
cross-complaint' and together they
walked ; out of the courtroom. They
were followed by nine of their children,
the tenth being a babe In arms.
She was penniless, she says, and but
for her friends and relatives j would
have been in a sorry plight. They came
to her rescue, says the affiant, provided
her with means and, then; brought her
case to the attention of Messrs. Bige
low & Dorsey, the attorneys, who vol
unteered to defend her. ,_.
COUPLE RECONCILED.
In connection with her present rela
tions with- 1 her husband, Mrs. Madden
says she has not seen him since Sep
tember 6 last. She says. that when she
arrived here from Manila a few weeks
ago on' the transport Thomas she was
met at the dock by her husband's fath
er, who ushered her into -a cab and In
stalled her as a guest at the Occidental
Hotel. Hardly "had she taken off her
wraps, she claims, when she was serv
ed with the summons in divorce.
The order was Issued by Judge Heb
bard upon the reading of an affidavit
filed by Mrs. Madden, in which she
avers that but for the sum of 540 ad
vanced her by a friend she is without
means or the wherewithal to enable
Tier to live in the style she is used to
as the wife of a captain in the regular
army, who earns, or rather receives,
$216 67 per month. Mrs. Madden says
that her husband can well afford to
pay her $100 a month, as in addition to
his salary he gets his quarters and
food free and has no need for more
than $40 a month to spend for inciden
tals.
Mrs. Madden's affidavit is a lengthy
document and contains many state
ments that do not redound to the cred
it of her soldier spouse. She also says
some unkind things about Jerome Mad
den, her father-in-law. She says all
her troubles are due to Madden senior;
that he is responsible for the attack
upon her reputation. At least, she says
that she is informed and believes that
Jerome Madden caused to be filed the
action in divorce. She says he controls
Captain Madden; that he hired the at
torneys who represent her husband and
that he caused to be brought the
charges that .would blast her reputa
tion as a good woman and a true and
faithful wife.
MAY FILE COUNTER CHARGE.
Continuing, she says that she in
tends to wage a bitter fight in defense
of her honor and will prove ere the
case is finished that she has been a
much maligned woman. She will prove,
she says, that Madden has ever since
his marriage at Fort McPherson, Ga.,
in April, 1898, forgotten on many occa
sions his marriage vows. In this coun
try and the Philippines, says Mrs.
Madden, her husband has on many oc
casions forgotten j his marriage vows.
She will prove this, she avers, by the
testimony of his fellow-officers and
others acquainted with the doings of
Madden. ' : ";£;
Captain John F. Madden, regimental
adjutant of the Twenty-ninth Infan
try, U. S. A.; learned yesterday that
there Is a vast difference between car
rying on warfare in the divorce court
and doing battles along lines laid 'down
by Uncle Sam'a instructions at West
Point.
This fact was impressed upon him
by Judge Hebbard in an order direct
ing him to provide Edith Madden, the
woman from whom he Is seeking: a di
vorce on the ground of Infidelity, with
the sinews of war. In other words, he
has to furnish her with the means to
wage battle against him, to support
herself while the battle for freedom,
from irksome matrimonial bonds is on
and to enable her to provide the evi
dence . she claims she can secure to
show that she is blameless, and that
her husband is the one at fault; that
he and not she is the one who forgot
the promise to remain faithful.
The order made by Judge Hebbard
provides that within the next five days
the. gallant captain must pay over to
Mrs. Madden the sum of $200, half of
which is to be used for counsel fees and
the procurement of evidence needed by
Mrs. Madden to refute her husband's
charges and the other half to enable
her to provide herself with the neces
saries of life. The ord^r also commands
that Madden shall on the 6th of each
succeeding month during the pendency
of the action pay her $100. Until the
order Is complied with • Madden must
take no further steps in the case.
SAYS SHE IS DESTITUTE.
WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 25.
Technical Institutions in This
City Are Well Repre
sented.
"When Captain Finch of the Occidental and
Oriental Steamship Company's Gaelic supplied
the schooner Andy Mahoney wltlT provisions
he included a number of delicacies for the
wife and children of Captain Anderson, the
skipper of the hungry nailing vessel. The own
ers of the Andy Mahoney, when the Gaelic
arrived here, paid the Occidental and Oriental
Steamship Company for the provisions and
thanked Captain Finch for his kindness. The
Gaelic met the Andy Mahoney in mid-ocean
on August 20 last flying signals o f distress.
The schooner - 6 larder was empty and was
promptly refilled. The incident had been al
most forgotten by the Gaelic's people, but yes
terday morning- Captain Finch received a
gratifying reminder of the occurrence In tjie
form of a handsome- leather sofa pillow, bear-
Ing in brilliant colors the head of a Sioux
Chief. Attached to the leather frlnce was a
card en ¦which was inscribed a simple little
"Thank you" message from "Little Oscar and
Baby Helen Anderson of the schooner Andy
Mahoney."
Eemember Captain's Kindness.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Alameda arrived yesterday from
Honolulu with 164 passengers and 1005
tons of cargo. She encountered bad
weather throughout the passage, but in
spite of high seas reached port on
schedule time.
The passengers Included a number of
prominent Honolulu people, among
them W. G. Invln and Alexander
Young. Paymaster F. F. Wilkie of the
navy, with Mrs. Wilkie and two chil
dren, came uj> on the Alameda, Cap
tain McFall. another passenger, a well
known master mariner, is here to take
command of a ship. Captain Jean
Rault, commander of the French bark
Connetable de Rlchemont, which was
wrecked on French Frigate 6hoals, also
came up on the Alameda. He is on> his
way to France.
The Alameda exchanged signals "with
the Korea at 1:05 a. m. of November 21
in' latitude 30.43 north, longitud© 141.82
west.
The passengers Included the follow
ing named: '
Mr*. F. M. Breed, Major Berkhelmer, Mi*.
W. E. Berkhelmer, F. F. Falrcloth. J. 8. C.
Fraser and wife, E. A. Fraser, the MIss»s
Fisher. Dr. 11. Grossman, J. K. Gait. H. Hana
berg. Hon. W. G. Irwin, S. A. D. Jones, Cai>
taln McFall. D. McGregor, Paymaster F. F.
McWilkie. wlte and two children. Mrs. Swank.
M. J. Lindsay, J. Michaels, E. B. McClanahan
and wife. W. Parquet, Captain Jean Rault, J.
J. Sullivan. Mrs. D. P. Smith. J. J. Thorn
bury, D. T. J. Thornbury, A. Young.
While on the tour of inspection
Schweinhard says that his companions
and himself went into a Pacific-street
saloon to have a drink. He ordered
whisky and after drinking it he became
aware of a dizzy sensation and soon
found consciousness deserting him.
After that, he claims, he knew nothing
until the following" morning, when he
awakened in the Xew Avenue lodging
house, sick and still stupefied. He then
iound that his wallet, in which he car
ried $62S, had been taken from his
pocket during his slumber and *.he
money extracted. It was in paper,
with the exception of a couple of pieces
of gold. The empty wallet had been"
replaced in his pocket.
Upon questioning the l?ndlord he
learned that he had been taken to the
place by a m^n who had the appear
ance of a Spaniard. This man secured
the room for him and escorted him to
After that his supposed friend left
him and no more was heard of him.
Captain Martin is making a thorough
inquiry into Schweinhard's story, but
has not yet given out a report on it.
A week ago Monday Mrs. Schwein
hard called at police headquarters and
stated that her husband had not been
at his home since Saturday. An inves
tigation was had and it was found that
the real estate man had said he was
going to San Mateo on the afternoon
he disappeared, but all trace of him
was lost after that. Tuesday Schwein
hard appeared at his home suffering
from the effects of drugs and related
the story of the robbery. He said that
he had told a friend to telephone to his
wife that he had been suddenly called
to San Mateo and that he went there,
returning next day. Instead of going
immediately home he met two men in
his office who desired to purchase sa
loon property and he escorted them to
the neighborhood of Kearny and Pa
cific streets to look at a place that was
for sale.
Schweinhard called upon Captain of
Detectives Martin and solicited his aid.
At the time Martin had Detective T. J.
Coleman at work in an effort to dis
cover the whereabouts of the real es
tate man. his wife having reported his
disappearance a couple of days before.
Martin has since followed up the case.
G. W. Schweinharrt. a well known
real estate dealer, with offices at 1031
Market street, tells tie police a tale
of drugs and robbery on Barbary
Coast. He claims that he was taken
into a saloon and after one drink
lapsed into unconsciousness. When he
awakened some time later he found
himself in a near by lodging-house and
discovered that ?C28 had been stolen
from him.
Folics Investigating Story of
G. W. Schweinhard, Who
Was Missing.
Heal Estate Man Re
ports Los3 of Mori^y
in a Dive.
She Piles Affidavit Charging
Father-in-Law With
Causing Row.
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at tha
city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25 min
utea later than at Fort Point; the height of tide
Is the same at both places.
NEW YORK — Arrived Nov 24 — Stmr Lom
bardla, from Genoa and Naples.
Sailed Nov 24— Stmr Kaiser Wllhelm der
Grosse. for Plymouth, Cherbourg and Bremen;
stmr Carpathla, for Algiers, Naples, Palermo,
etc; stmr Sicily, for Naples and Genoa.
Arrived Nov 24 — Stmr Neckar. from Boston.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Nov 24— Stmr Ivernia.
for Boston.
GENOA— Arrived Nov 23— Stmr Calabria,
from New York. •
MARSEILLES— Arrived Nov 21— Stmr Cali
fornia, from New York. .
BREMEN — Arrived Nor 24 — Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm II, from New York, via Plymouth
and Cherbourg.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Nov . 24 — Stmr
Westemland. from Philadelphia, for. Liver
pool, and proceeded.
NAPLES— Sailed Nov 21— Stmr Llmiria, for
New York. ' . . .
PUNTA ARENAS— Sailed Nov 7— Ger stmr
Denderah, for Hamburg. •
PISAGUA— Sailed Nov 7— Br ship Edenmore,.
for San Francisco.
CAPE TOWN— Arrived prior to Nov 23— Br
bark Trongate, from Vancouver.
CALLAO— Arrived Nov 10— Br bark Isla
mont, from Tacoma.
CORINTO— Arrived Nov 6— Ger stmr Aby
dos. from Hamburg-, for San Francisco.
GENOA — Arrived Nov 7— Ger stmr Nauplla,
from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
GUATEMALA — Arrived Nov 7 — Ger- stmr
Uarda, hence Oct 21.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Nov 11— Br
stmr Oanfa, from Liverpool, for. Tacoma.
Sailed Nov 24 — Jap stmr Nippon Maru, for
San Francisco.
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed Nov 4 — Ger stmr Lux
or, for Hamburg.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Nov 11— Br stmr In
drani, from Norfolk.
IXDNDON, Oct 26— Br ship Hartfleld. from
Antwerp, for San Diego, anchored In the
Downs.
TENERIFFE— Passed Nov 9— Ger stmr Se
eostris, hence June 22, for Hamburg.
Sailed Oct 31 — Ger stmr Memphis, from
Hamburg, for Seattle.
SUEZ — Arrived Nov 23 — Br stmr Indradeo,
from Yokohama, for New York.
TABLE BAY— Sailed Nov 11— Br ship
Sprlngbank, for Port Natal.
SAN BENITO — Sailed Nov 21 — Ger stmr
Abydos, for San Francisco.
RIO DE LA PLATA— Arrived Nov 23— Br
etmr Cumbul, from New York.
SYDNEY — Arrived prior to Nov 24 — Stmr
Sierra, hence Oct 29.
FREMANTLE— Arrived Nov 24— Br ship
Rlvr Indus, from Port Blakeley.
OCEAN STEAMERS,
NEW YORK — Arrived Nov 24 — Stmr Se«u
ranca, from Colon. ¦ ¦ ¦.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HILO— Sailed Nov 13— Scbr Aloha, toe Port
Gamble. . . -
MAKAWELI— Sailed Nov IS— Bark Bdward
May, for San Francisco. .
HONOLULU— Arrived Nov 24— Stmr Korea,
hence Nov IS, for China; stmr Ventura, from
Sydney. . x .
KAANAPALI— Sailed Nov 15— Bktn T P
Emigh, for Port Townaend.
EASTERN. PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Nov 23— Scbr Hono
lulu, for Anacortes; stmr Fulton, for San Fran
cisco. Nov 24— Bktn Chas F Crocker, for
Everett. «
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Nov 23— Schr B
K Wood, from San Pedro.
Sailed Nov 24— Schr David Evans, for Syd
ney; schr F 8 RedHeld, for San Francisco;
bktn Wrestler, for Santa Rosalia.
Arrived Nov 24— Scbr H D Bendixsan, from
Ban Pedro: schr Henry Wilson, from Aber-
BOWENS LANDING— Sailed Nov 24— Stmr
Scotia, for San Francisco.
VENTURA— Sailed Nor 24— Stmr Noyo, tor
San Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
Geneva, from Honolulu; Br ship Mozambique,
from Cardiff.
TATOOSH— Paaeed out Not 24— Stmr Nome
City, from Seattle, i for Astoria.
Passed In Nov 24-rSchr Rosamond, hence
Nov 12, for Tacoma. *
Passed In Nov 24— Stmr Umatllla, hence
Nov 22. for Victoria. _ .
PORT ANGELES— Returned Nov 24— Schr
Lyman I> Foster, from Whatcom. for Sydney,
on account of donkey boiler blowing up and
scalding cne man.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Nov 24 — Schr Chas R
Wilson, from San Pedro; schr H D Bendlxsen,
from San Pedro.
Sailed Nov 24 — Schr Sophie Chrlstensen, for
San Francisco. »
POUT LUDLOW— Arrived Nor 24— Schr
Bangor. from Port Gamble. ..
ASTORIA— Arrived Nov 24— Br ship Vin
cent, from Vancouver; stmr G C Lindauer.
hence Nov 21. .
Arrived Nov 24— Stmr- Melville Dollar, hence
Nov 21 ; schr Orient, from San Pedro.
Sailed Nov 24— Stmr Columbia, for Ban
Francisco. ¦ . .
Exhibits. Offered for
World's Pair Exceed
Space.
Hebbard Orders Army
Captain to Pay His
Wife Alimony. /
Oceanic Company's Liner Arrives From Honolulu After Tem
pestuous Voyage With One Hundred and Sixty-Four Pas
sengers in Her Cabins, Among Whom Are Many People of 'Note
CLAIMS THIEVES
GAVE HIM DRUGS
STATE SCHOOLS
EAGER TO DISPLAY
COURT OPENS
MADDEN'S PURSE
DESPITE RAGING SEAS AND OPAQUE
FOG ALAMEDA GOMES IN ON TIME
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1903.
12
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Dyspepsia
and other stomach troubles
quickly relieved and in most cases
surely cured by the use of
This scientific germicide is abso-
lutely harmless; it subdues the
inflannralion of the mucous mem-
brane of the stomach, and by re-
moving the cause, effects a cure.
Used and recommended by leading phy-
riciens. Take no substitnte aud see that
each bottle bears my sijrnatur*. Trial size.
Ski. OO, at druggistsor by mail, frcm \
C1.0 Prlact St. - »ew Tork I
tatdjor Booklet I
BAIL WAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave hikI »r« due l» arrive »c
»AN FKANC1SCO.
(M»la Llae. foot of Murlcet Street >
HATH — FHOM XOTIOTIIK a. lWt — A«KI7«
7.00a Vacavllle. Winter*, liumsey 7 55?
7.0J* Benlcla, Salsaa. Elmlra sad Sacra-
mento 7.25p
7.30a Vallejo. Xapa. Caiisto**. Santa
Hou. Marttnex. Sun lUmon R.2jp
730a Nile*, LtTermore. Tracy. L»lbroj>.
Stock:on ..: 7 23p
800* Shanta Kxpresa— (Vt» Darl»>.
Wllilami (for Bartlett SprlnpT").
Willow*. tFroto, Ked Bluff.
Portland. Tacoma. Seattle JStr
8 00a Davis. Woodland. Kntzats Landing.
liaryivtlle. Orovllle (SW
830a. Port Coita. Martinez. Antioch.
Byron, "Tracy. Stociton. New-
man. Las B.inoa. M e n d o t a.
Armona, Ilaaford. VI an! la.
Port^rTllle 4.Z5»
8-SO* Port Co«ta, Martinez. Tracy. Lain-
rop. .Modesto. Merced. Fresno.
Govhea Junction. Iianford. ...
Vl*altft. nakersdeld «-63»
8-30* Nile*. Ban Jone. Ltvermore. 8t«x:it-
ton.<t.\lllton). lone. Stcramento,
Placenrtlle. MarysTllle. Chlco.
lied Bluff ;. 4.23!"
830* Oakdale, Chinese. Jamestown. So-
nora, Tnolnmne and Angels 4 25?
9 00* Atlantic Expres*— Ogdcn * nd Ba«t. 11-25*
830* Richmond, Martlnes and Way
Stations 855r
10.00a The Orerland Limited — Ugfden.
Denver. Omaha. Chicago. 8.2Sr
10.00a Vall«Jo_ 1225*
10.00a l«s Anirele* Pasienger — Port
Coeta. Martinez, Byron, Tracy,
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond, Fresno, Goahen June
tlon. Hanf ord, Lemoore, VUaila.
Bakertnetd. Lot Angele* 7-7S?
12.00m Hayward. Ktles aad Way Stations. 3.25P
Ti-OOr Sacramento River Steamer* tii.OOr
3-50P Benlcla, Winter*. Sacramento.
Woodland. Knight* Landing.
Marysvllle, Orovllle and way
•Utlona 10 55a
8J5Ot Hayward. Slles and Way Station*.. 7.55*
iJSQr Port Costa, Martinez. Byron.
Tracy, Lathrop, Modesto.
Merced. Freano and Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Costa 12 25*
ISOp Vartln«.Traey. Stockton. Lodl... 1025a
4.C0r Martinet. San B*mon.ValleJo,2?apa,
CaUatoga. Santa Rosa. 9.234
400r Kllea. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl A25r
4$Qr Hayward. Kllea. IrTlajtoo, Saa I ?8.65»
Jose, LtTermore "j til. 55*
I -OOP The Owl Limited— Ke win* n. Lot
Banoa. Mendota. Fresno. Tnlare.
BakersAeld. Loa Angeles 855*
BJJOr Port Coita. Tracy. Stockton 12 25*
tS-SOr Hayward. Kllea and San Jose 7.2S*
8.00r Hay ward. Nnea and San Jos*. 9 s5a
6-OOp Eastern Expresa— Oftden. Dearer,
Omaha. St. Loula. Chlcajo and
Xut. Port Coata, Benlcla. Sul-
tan. Elmlra, Davis, Sacramento,
Roekltn. Auburn, Colfas.
Trackee. Boca, Reno. Wada-
worth, Wlaneniueca B25»
f.OOr Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... I 7 .-_
7-OOp Vallejo, Sunday only f '•"»»'
7 .OOp Klehmond, Saa Pablo. Port Cotu,
Marttnex and Way 8tatlons 11.25a
I.OSp Oregon * California Expres*— Sao-
ramento, Maryavllle. Redding.
Portlaad. Page; Sound and Ea*t. 8.53 a
9.10P Hayward. Nile* and San Jo«« (Sun-
day only) 11.55a
COAST LINE |.Urr*« Uiag.).
(Foot of Market Street.) _
8.16a Newark. Centervllle. San Jo*e,
Pelton, Boulaer Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Statlona 5.55*
t2,16P Newark, Centervllle. San Jom,
New Almaden, Los Gato*.Fe!tOB.
Boulder Creek. Banta Crat and
Principal Way Station* ?13 55*
4.1 Bp Newark. Ban Joae. Lot Oato* and » t8.55*
— waytutton* ti10 55A
•9 J0p Hnnters Train, Saturday only, San
Joie and Way Station*. Return-
lnjr from Lo« Gatos Sunday only. X7 2Sp
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN KUAN CISCO. Foot of Market St. ( Slip «
-ftM *:00 11:00 a.m. 1C0 3 CO 615 r*.
from OAKLAXD. Foot of Broadway — r*:0u {3:08
t8:05 10:C0a.m. 1200 200 4-00 p.m.
COAST LINE (Broad Kance).
QT* (Third anil l'own»en<l Street*.)
6.10a Ban Jose and Way Station* 6-30p'
7.00a San Jose and Way Station* 6.3Bp
8 00 a New Almaden (Tues.. F.-l.l.. only), - 4.10r
8 00a CoattLJne Limited— Stop* only San
Joae. Gllroy (connection for riot-
ltiter), Pajaro. Castrovllle. Sa-
llnaa. 8an Ardo. Paao Roblea,
SantaMargarlta.San Luis Oblspo,
Principal stations tbence Surf
(eonnrctloa for Lompoc) princi-
pal station* thence Santa Bar-
bara and Loa Angeles. Connec-
tion at Castrovtn* to and from
Monterey and Pacific Grove 10.43**
8. CO* Ban Jose. Trea Pino*. Capltola.
Santa Craz,PaeI He Grove.Sallna*.
San Luis ObUpo and Principal
Way Station* 4.1O
1040a ess Jote and Way Station* 1.23*
11 40a Santa Clara. Saa Jote, Loa Oatos
and Way Station* .'. 7.30
1-30p San Jose and Way Station* 8-48*
3X0r Parlfle Grore Kxpre«» — SantaCIara
tan Jose. Del Monte, Monterey.
. - Paelne Grove (connect* at Santa .
Clara for Santa Cruz. Boulder
Creek and Narrow Canse Points)
at Gllroy for Holll«ter. Tres •
Plnos. at CastrovlUe for Salinas. 12.15**
S-30P Tre* Plnoe Way Pasiens-^r S10-4SA
14 4 or tian Joae, (vt*> Santa Clara) Lo*
Gatoa. and Principal Way Sta-
tion* (except Sunday) { t9.12a
$6 iOr SanJoteandPrlBclpalWayStatloni t80JA
6-COr Snntet Limited.— Redwotd. Stn
Joie, Gil roy.Sallnaa, Pago Kobi»*.
San Luis (iblspo, 8anta Barbara,
Lot Angeles. Demlnjr. Kl Pa**,
New Orlean*. New Tork. Con-
necti at Pajaro for Santa Cru»
and at Ca«trovi;i«» for Pacific
Grove aad Way Button* 7.10a
tfi.1 Bp Can Mateo.Beresford.B?!mont,Saa
Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oak*.
MenloPark. Palo Alto tS4>A
6.J0p San Jose and Way Station* B.38a
1 1 .30p South San Francisco. M Ulbme. Bur- .
llngame. San Mateo, Belmont. ' ¦'•
: Sao Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oaka, ¦"
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 8 45p
•11-SOt May field. Mountain View. Sonny-
Tale, Lawrence. Santa Clara and
San Joae 19.45,
A for Morning. . P for Afteraoos
3 Saa4ay only. ¦ ¦
I Stops at all a ta tlon* oa Bnaday.
tS»nday eccepted. a ttatnrday only.
tWOnly train* » lopping at Valencia St. *onthbo«B4
arei:lOA.Ji.,7:(»A.JC., 11:30 a.m., 3:30p.m. and »:Xr.n.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN fiT. CO.
SAN FRANCISCU ANU NORTH PACIFIC
SAILWAT C0K7A2TT.
Tlburoa r«Tiy, root of Market Strwt.
SAN PBANCISCO TO SAW XAFAX&.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:0O. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30. Si 10. 6:2p p. m. Thursdays — Extra trla>
at 11:50 p. nf.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 and 11:30 p. m.
8TJNDAT3— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. ra.; 1:30. i:3O.
6:00. 6:20. 11:30 d. m.
SAW RAFAEI. TC SAX 7BAV0X8CO.
WEEK DATS— 6:03. 7:35. 7:30, 9:20. U:13
a. ra.: 12:50. 3:40, B:00. 6:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra, trip at 2:05 and 8:33 p. ra.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40w
4:55. 6:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave. I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. I Sept. 27, 1908. [San yrancltca.
Week I Sun- I Deatina- J Sun- ) Week
Dayg. I daya. | tlon. 1 daya. | Days.
7:30a 8:00a 9:10a S:40a
9:30 a Irnaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p 3:30 p . «:0»p .6:20 9
8:10 p 5:00 p 7:35 p
7:30 a 9:10a 8:4Oa
8:00 a Norato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:08 p 6:20 9
8:10 p 3:30 p and T:35p
- . 5:00 p Banta Roaa.
7:30 a ' 10:40 a 10:TOa
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p ; g
Windsor,
-7:30 a 8:00 a Eealdsburr;, 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
8:30 p 3^0 p GeyasrvlUe. 7:33 p <J:20»
'---. ¦. ' Cloverdale. .
7:30a| 8:0Oa| Hopland 110:40 a|10:2;j »
8:.TOa| 3:30 p| and Uklah. \ 7:35p|t:i»>P
7:30a|8:00al WUIlta. |7:35p|«:2»P
7:.10a| 8:00 a j P^'i^^*
3:30 p| 3:30 pi GoerneTlIle. I hjSpI 6:2Q p
7:30 a| 8:0Oa| Sonoma. I 9: i!? a ! 2 : .t2 *
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. I 6:O5 pi «:J> P
7:30 a| 8:COa|. lia.40 «jll>:iro »
3:30 p| 8:30 p| SebagtopoL I ':35pl 6:^0 9
STAGES connect at Green Brae for Saa
Quentln: at Santa Kosa for White !»ulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Marie VVesc
, 6prtngs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
¦ervllle for Bkagga Springs; at Cloverdaly for
the Geyaers, Boonevllle and Greenwood : at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland bprlnss.
KelaeyvUle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. -Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo.
Potter Valley. John Day's Riverside. Llerlyji.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Orr"»
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Bra<«.
Westport. Usal: at Wllllta tor Fort Brag*.
> Westport. -Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. Layton-
vllle, Cumminars. Bell's Springs. Harris, Ol-
taen's. Dyer. Garbervtlle. Pepperwood. Scotls
and Eureka. M -
Saturday. to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday* round-trip tickets to all points
bevond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market atreet. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. ' R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manawr. G*n. Pa»s. Art.
The Weekly Call
"61 per Vcar»
EAILWAY TBAVEL. '
ff 8ALIF0RNBA §
I LIR9STED TO CHICAGO |
If Leave* Mondays and Thursday* B
fej at 9:30 a. m., through In 3 days, M
B with diner and all trappings. S
Other Banta Fe Trains:
t-30 a' m' I for St0 « kt «>n. Fresno, Bakersfield,
8:00 p.* m'.\ Merced, Haniord aarfVUalla.^^
4.00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. ra. for Kansas City, Graad Canyon and
Chicago.
Tickbt OPFtcm: Ml Market St., aad rerrr
Depot. & F. Alto 11U Broadway, Oak-
land, CaL :¦•*;:
CAZADERO, ETC.
Suburban'.Service, Standard Gauge El«ctrl<J —
Depart from San Francisco Dally— ":00, 8:00,
9:00. 10:00. 11:00 a- m.. 12:20. 1:45. 3:19, 4:15.
5:15. 6:15, 7:00, 8:45. 10:20, 11:45 p. m.
I FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Dally— 6:25. 6:35. 7:40. 8:35. 9:33. 11:05 a.
m., 12:». 1:45. 2:55. ,3:45. 4:45. 5:45. 6:43.
8:45, 10:20 p. m.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO 8AN FRAN-
CISCO— Dally— 6:45, 6:55. 7:52. 8:55. 9:53.
11:20 a. m., 12:35. 2:00. 3:15, 4:05, 6:05, 0:08.
7:05. 9:00. 10:35 p. m.
... THROUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a. m. dally — Cazadero and wmy stations.
5: 15. p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Tomales and way . stations.
3:15 p. rn. Saturdays — Cazadero and war sta-
tions.
Sundays only— 10 a. ra.. Point Reyes aad way
stations.
TICKET OFFICE — 626 Market st.
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market st.
iViT. Tamalpais Railway
" Leave .- TU Saaolito far; Vrrive
Stn Frandsco Not ,t )Urk.t fr/ San Frandsco
Week Sun- Sun- Week
.P»y»- foyy day Days.
5:1Sp 1O:OOa w*5*2gmjPjr *:50p 5:5<»i>
1 J. : 25 A * :50 ' 9l&0r
¦Cmaaat ¥iti ihgi fcr *: '• tfrw tad TOot C*f
£Sfrw' i ST^(North Shore Railroad)
; if TIMS I and Savsaltto Fcaay, Foot Mart* ScCalifornia Stock and Oil Exchange
OH Stock— « ,. BM; Asked.
Alma 1*0
Apollo *2 -
Associated Treat Cert 19 2O
Aztec • JJ
California Standard 11
Caribou »O 100
Central Point Con es •••!•
Chicaso erode 19 21
Claremont » ,-££•* *""*
Esperanza, 1 *o ".i^
Four •.....•..-*.....•.*.**¦*.*
Fulton » ¦* 5° ¦"¦""iA
Hanfort V.V.V.V.V.V.V..1 133 00
Home W •;•?•
Imperial ~ •• IS W>
Independence 15 I»
Junction .f.. ..... 19
Kern -•-- » OO
NEW YORK. Nov. 24.— Cotton futures closed
barely steady, net unchanged to 6 points lower.
NEW ORLEANS, Nov. 24.— Cotton, steady;
middlings, 10 3-1 6c
Eastern Cotton Market.
Nearly all dealers, both wholesalers and re>
tellers, were busy with Turkeys and raid less
attention than usual to the fruit trade. The
market; however, win quite active.' particularly
on Apples, which continued . to arrive . freely,
and, although supplies were very heavy, prices
of good stock were well maintained. 1 Grapes In
small packages arrived freely from Santa Cruz
and continued, to bring good price*. Receipts
of large boxes from Martinez were light and
sold at $1 50<@2 per box. There were moderate
receipts of Berries, and attractive lots cleaned
up readily at good figures. A considerable por
tion of the receipts of. large Strawberries were
In bad condition and had to be dumped.. Cran
berries were In good request and firm at un
changed rates. ... ,
. Supplies ' of Citrus fruits were ample, and;
although there was a little better demand ' for
well-colored Oranges, prices were no /higher.
Bananas were" plentiful ¦ and moved ' freely at
good pric*es.*The steamer Alameda arrived from
Honolulu ; with 4165 bunches t Bananas , and 33
crates Pineapple*." '¦ • ' . ;
STRAWBERRIES— Longworths. $8©12 per
chest* large berries. $406 per chest..
RASPBERRIES— $6(08 per chest.
; CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. $11@U 60; Jer
seys. $10® 10 .79 per bbl; Coos Bay, $2 60®3
per box. WOwWMMf^WW'itiirW'ICTI' li >y ''" ~: ¦¦:¦•.
APPLES— Fancy Epltzenbergs, $2 25 pej^ box
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits,
California Club. $1 40@l 45; California White
Australian, $1 &0<gl 65; Northern Club. $1 40®
1 42^4; Northern Bluestem, $1 50® 1 65; Oregon
Valley, '¦ $1 40@l 45 . per ctl.
i Session 9 to 11:30 a. m. .: ..
, Open.' High. Low. Close'
December ..$1 34^i $1 34i,4 $1 34^ $1 84*{
May ........ 1 32%; 1 32% 1 32y 4 1 32^
Session 2 p. m. >.
May............... • .....\.$1 32%
December ¦.':'..'...:"..': ..:..- 1 34 \t,
BARLEY — Previous prices ruled for cash
grain, but futures ; were higher. A-round^lot
ofiflne, bright Feed sold at $1 12 H. . though
CASH WHEAT.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Current chartering
Is at 10s Cd to H« 3d, usual European options,
wlrh almost all the business for Barley, as
little or no Wheat is being shipped. The
chartered Wheat fleet in port has a registered
tonnage of 21.780, against 38,800 tons on the
same date last year: disengaged. 117,720 tons,
against 49.700; on the way to this port, 184,
600 tons, against 197,570.
WHEAT— Argentine cables as to crop
prospects were : favorable, the official report
giving an acreage of 15 per cent .larger than
last year. Bradstreet s gave the world's vis
ible, supply an increase of- 5,500,000 bushels. ¦
Chicago was V5° higher and featureless.
There has been a. recent steady, accumulation
of grain by local interests, which may advance
-prices. - f • ¦ '.'¦¦¦
In this market futures were steady, but of
ferings of cash grain were larger and holders
showed more disposition to meet the market,
which gave the situation a weaker tone. Quo
tations were no lower, however.
Wheat and Other Grains.
r NEW YORK, Nov. 24.— Tin was lower In the
London market, closing at a decline of 10s,
with spot at £116 and futures at £117 5«. Lo
cally tin was dull and about 25 points lower,
closing at $25 25025 60. •
Copper showed little change abroad, spot
closing at £54 15s and futures at £54 12s <id.
Locally copper remains more or less unsettled
and nominal. Lake* $12 5O®13; . electrolytic,
$12 50@12 87V6; casting, $12 60012 76.
Lead was unchanged In London, closing at
£11. The local market was unchanged at $4 25
for *pot. --.'¦'
. Spelter was unchanged abroad and in New
Iron closed at 4Ss M In Glasgow and 42s 9d
In Mlddlesboro. Locally iron was unchanged:
Vo. 1 founlry. $1MJ16; No. 2 foundry, 114015;
No 1 foundry, Southern, and No. 1 foundry,
Southern, soft, $13 60® 14.
Nezv York Metal Market.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 80%
Sterling Exchange, sight — ,4 84%
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 83%
New York Exchange, sight — Par
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 02»£
Silver per ounce — 67%
Mexican Dollars — 46}$
Exchange and Bullion.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. Nov. 21. 5 p. m.
The following' 7 are tb# seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same, date
'.Rft eeason and rainfall In last twenty-four
hours : . i ¦>. i
<I20th Meridian— Paciflo Time.)
Weaiher Report.
CANNED VEGETABLES — Tomatoes, 2tf-lb
standard. S2'S<esr>c: Green Peas— Baby petlts
pol.i. »1 50; petlts poIb. $1 35; extra sifted.
*l 15- standard sifted, $1;- standards, ; gSc;
marrowfats. 82Hc: gallon, sifted. $4 25; gal
lon, standard. $3 75. •
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington $8: Seattle, $0 OO; Bryant, $8 50; Bea
ver Hill. $5 60; Standard, $7; Ronlyn, $7; Coos
Bay $5 50; Greta. $7; Wallsend, |7; Rich
mond $7 60; Cumberland, $13 in bulk and
$14 ii In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel, $S M> per ton;' Coke. $11 50@
13 per ton In -bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky
Moiintatn descriptions, $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 90 per long ton. according tft brand.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb. 3»4c:
cases, regular, 4c; cases, extra large. 4%c;
Eastern style. 6Hc; boneless. 4V5c; "Norway,"
AVic; "Narrow Gauge." 5c; "Silver King,"
C%c; block*, "Oriental," 5c; blocks. ""Sea.
bright," 5Hc; tablets, Gc; middles. 6U©"^c;
fancy boneless. 868%c; pickled Cod. bbls,
$7 50; pickled Cod, half bbls, $4 50.
CORDAGE^ — The local company quote* as
follows, CO days or H Per cent discount for
cash, no sales under 10.000 lbs: Manila. 14 Vic;
Sisal, lie; Duplex. 10c; Bale Rope, 10@llc
COFFEE — Costa Rica — 12H015c for strictly
prime to fancy washed; 11H&12HC for prime
washed; 10H if 11 -Vie for good washed; 10® 12c
for good to prime washed peaberry; S^fi 10c
for good to prime peaberry; IVEflOHc for good
to prime; 7%0S%c for fair: «H07c for com
mon to ordinary. Salvador — Ilftl2o nominal
for strictly prime washed; 9@llc for good to
prime washed; 8@9c for fair washed; l>V,*SlO4c
for fair to prime washed* peaberry; 8KO8%o
for good to prime semi-washed; 7 T 4©3«ic for
superior unwashed; ,7%fJ7%c for gcod green
unwashed; 7%®S%c for good to raptrior un
washed peaberry; 4H@8Hc for Inferior to or
dinary. Nicaragua — mi«313c nominal for
prime to fancy washed: 8310c nominal for
fair to strictly good washed: 7©7%c for good
to superior unwashed; 7%iffSc for good to
prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala and
Mexican— 13H613C nominal for fancy washed
im 013c for prime to strictly prime > washed •
10@10*ic for strictly good washed; 9ii®fl*v. c
for good' washed: 7%©8%c for fair washed
6Vi®7Hc for medium: 4 %©«c for Inferior to
ordinary :.8»4ai0Hc for fair to prime waahed
peaberry; 7%-g8*ic nominal for good to supe-
LOCAL MARKETS.
CHEESE— 12®12>4c for the general market,
13c for select mild new and 11011tjc for
lower grades; Young Americas, 13@14c; East
ern. 15H*giCJ£e: Western. 14®15c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 52«4«55c for choice and 450
50c for small and mixed colors; store, nom
inal; cold stdrage, 28@32&c; Eastern, 2<3®28c
for cold storage.. • .
71311 " 0 ** 8111 * 1^'' 30031c' for extras and
2fi*p:2nc for seconds; dairy. 21©25c; store Butter.
17H«10c; cold storage, 2*jJ20c; Eastern, 23®
25<* per lb. - , .
Eggs continue scarce and firm at the fancy
quotations which have prevailed for some days
Receipts .were .12.200 lbs Butter. COS cases
Ek*s and 4S0O lbs Cheese.
The Cheese market is In the same old rut.
supplies being very heavy and the feeling
weak. ~ r . , ._?
The weakness In Butter Is more pronounced
and the market Is at least lc lower. Cards are
being sent out offering the very best cream
eries at 30c. Stocks ar« large and Increasing,
and the soft moist weather increases the de
pression.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Nov. 24.— Wheat— Unchanged.
Bluestem, 79c; Club. 75c.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Nov. 24.— Wheat— Walla Wal
la. 72c; Bluestenr. 77c; Valley. 7Cc.
Northern Wheat Market.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 5#5%c; San Quentln.
5.55c: Wool Bags. 32335c : Fleece Twine. 7ViW
8c; Cotton Fruit P>ags, 6^e, 6%c and 7Hc for
,jthe three grade*; Brown Jute, oti©7Hc
CANNED FRUITS— The California Fruit
Canners' Association quotes the following price
list for 1003 stock: ______________
°* -3 s " . p" a.
FRUITS. £?»•_"
" 2. • :
? : : : ¦
Apples $1 65;$1 3O!$l 20 $1 10
Apricot* 1 35 1 25
Blackberries 1 «> 1 40 1 30 1 20
Cherries. R. A. 2 15 1 90 1 70 1 40
Cherries, white 175 160 135
CherriM. black 2 00 175 160 133
Grapes 135 120 110 100
Yellow Free Peaches 140
Lemon Cling Peaches.... ISO 160 130 120
p-,— 2 OO 1 75
flums 1 35 1 15 1 Oft 95
Raspberries 260 225 2 10 190
Strawberries 2 00 175 160 140
General Merchandise.
SEATTLE. Nov. 2t.— Clearings, $771,087;
balances. $15S,l>01.
TACOMA. , Nov. 24.— Clearings. $320,032;
balances. $30,195.
PORTLAND. Nov. 24.— Clearings. $018,954;
balances. $126,457. .
8POKANE. Nov. 24.— Clearings, $375,548;
balances. $07,812.
Northern Business.
LONDON. Nov. 24. — There was a large at
tendance at the opening of the sixth series
of wool auction sale« r to-day. The offerings
numbered USSl bales. Competition was fair at
lower prices. Fine and medium crosBbreds
were &?ilO per cent lower and coarse crosa
breds showed a loss of .12^ per cent. Cape of
Good Hope and Natal grades were unchanged
at 5 per cent lower. The home trade and the
Continent took eijual shares of the offerings
and America bought a few lots of medium.
Sllpes were In large supply. A quantity of
West Australian new clip sold readily.
Scoureda were in fair demand and several lots
¦were bought in. as bids were somewhat below*
sellers" limits. Cape of Good Hoi>e and Natal
sold to Germany and France.
London Wool Sales.
LAMBS — »Vi©r.c per lb.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 140 to ISO lbs. 5Uc: over
180 lbs. 5c; Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars, 00 per
cent off, and Stags, 40 per cent off from above
quotations.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, leas 60
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. 8(50c; Cows and Heifers,
7<S-Sc: thin Cows, 4@5c per pound.
CALVES — I04>4c per pound (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers. WSric; Ewes, 3U'33'£c
per pound (gross weight).
VEAL— Larpe, SgSc; small. 9©9%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%«Jhfto; Ewes, SfcSHo
per lb. \
LAMB— »H@10c per lb. *
PORK — Dressed Hogp, 7%"$ 9c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
BEEF — «(g"c for Steers and 4'a'cfCc per lb
for Cows.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
DRESSED MEATS,
Aside from fractional variations In Veal
there Is no change to note. The supply about
balances the demand all around.
Meat Market.
20 Cal Fruit Canners 92 0O
15 Giant Powder Con 6« 00
10 Hawaiian Com A Sugar 44 OO
SO 8 F Gas A Electric Co 68 75
5 Spring Valley Water Co 33 C'H
Street —
$SO0O S V Is bonds <2d mortgage) 90 00
Ger SAL--* 2300 |Sa* * I* So. OS 100
Hum SAL. |Seo Sav Bk.400 BOO
Mutual Sav. 100 110 (Union T Co.. — —
S F SaT U..600 — I J
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 205 Presidio ..... Mtf —
Geary • — w
POWDER. I
Vlrortt - 4*JGlant7 8S «6H
SUGAR.
n... p Co.. — SOc Ktlauea S C. — «
Hawallaa C. 43 — Makaweli C. 22 24
Honokaa S C 12 13 Onome* 3 C. — 32
Hutch S P C 10 10% Paauhaa S C 14H 15»i
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska. Pack.143 145 lOceanlc 8 C. — «
CalFrult Co. 02 M Pac A FA.. 4% »!i
Cal Wine As. 91% 92\4lPac C Borx.167* -?
Morning Session.
Board —
25 Alaska Packers' Aaan .....144 75
60 Hutchlnson S P Co 10 12<4
30 Spring Valley Water Co 3» 87 *»
Street —
$5000 Nor Ry of Cal 8s bonds 114 B2H
$3000 S P of, C «• bond* (190K) 104 «i\%
$2000 S P Col lat con 5s (stamped).... 106 75
Afternoon Session. .
Board — >
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup..llt>HlllV4l4s qr cp newl34%l.'»V %
4s qr resr...llOV*HH»i2» qr coup. .107HlC8ti
MI9CEIXANEOU8 BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — Do con Ba. — 105
Bay CPC 6«. — 103% O W O 5a.. — 07
Cal C G 5s. — lOtfM. Oceanic S 5s. — 75
Cal C & E m Om C R 6s.l2O 123
m & ct 5a. — 102H Pae O Im 4a. — 9T
Cal-st 5s ... — — P E Ry 5S.106 10T
C C Wat 6s. — 10O P A C H 6m. — —
B L A P 6S.120 — P A O R 6».llfli412O
F & C H 6». — 117 Pow«ll-st 6».113% —
Geary-st 5».. 43 90 S E GAR 6a. — 10&4
II C&9 5'4».1O1 — SF A SJV5s. — 117
H C A S 5s. — 100 S R of C 0s.ll2>6 —
lion R T Ca.lO4Hl«'' I 4 8 P of A «•
L A Elec 59.104HI05H <!«»> 107%109
L A Ry 5s. — 113 <191O> — 10O
L A L Co Bs. — — S P of C 6s
D gtd 63. — — (19C3)Sr A.102%l«Hi
Do gtd 53. — 103% (1005)Sr B.103%104
I^AP lem 59.100 — (1906) 104^105
Mkt-st C 63.11S — ' (1912) 114%115H
Do lem 5s. — 114 SPC 1 eg 5s. — —
NRR of CCa.ifX^a — ! Do stampd — 107
Do 5s 114% — ,B P B R 6s. — 134
N P C R 5s. — 107 S V W 6s.. — 1064
NCR 6S..1C0 — ! Do 4s 2dm. 88% —
N C P C Rs. — 102«4 Do 4* 3dm. 97% 99
N S R R 6». — 95 Stkn G*E*>. — 102'$
O G L H ts.107 — U O A E 5«. — 105
O T Co 8a.. — 117V4
Do Bs — 10©
WATER STOCKS.
Contra, Costa 39% 42 Port Costs,.. ¦— —
Marin Co ... 61 — Sp V W Co. 39 S»%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent 1. 4 P. 3% <H S P O A E. OTtf 89
Mutual EL. — 10H 3 ** Gas L. . 8 —
Pac O Im.. 65 R5% Stkn n A B. 5 —
Pao L Co... 60% — V a A E... — —
6ac E GAR. — —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
E F O A E. 68 6S*i/
INSURANCE!
Flrem's Fnd.320 — /
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl B*. — 123 L P A A — 11*
Anrlo-Cal .. M — Mer Trust. . .230 23O
Bank of Cal. 450 4«O Merch Ex... — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 155 3 F Nation! — —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
TUESDAY. Nor. 24—2 p\ m.
UNITED STATES BONDS
Stock and Bond Exchange.
STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Nov. 24. — A destructive on
slaught en the t-tocks of a number or industrial
corporatiuos un-ettl?d the etock market to-day
and turned the course of prices downward after
tsome ktaow of rt-dlMance in the standard stock*.
The advances ia the latter which were made
yesterday in faoe of similar unsettling Influ
ences ifncouragei some buying In that quarter
this morning. Orders for London account
were conspicuously In evidence, a new stock
account having opened there to-Jay. Hut
Southern ITlcific. which was the sustaining In
fluence yesterday and In which the principal
speculative influence was noticeable, was sold
to take £>rofits, and this served to damjicn en- !
thuslasm over Oe whole market. The rise of
1*4 in Sugar, which wa« mostly lout afterwara, i
represented the \letrs of speculators over the j
outlook for the Cuban treaty. The average '
level of Trices w»s a traction over last night
at one time, in sympathy with this and a few !
ether special mo\mn'nts. The acute demorali
zation Jn lndustnais and specialties checked
any evider^ctr elsorhere, but the principal weak
ness in. the. Keoecel- market div.it.-XK.il alter tb*
fpeclaJtles had kx-ea relieved from pressure and
¦when the call lean rate ran up to « j>er c«-nt.
the hijihest of tae season. It was then that
a number of sttadard railroad stocks ran off
to about a poii.t under last n!i;ht. They
steadied again f.c<] the closing waa ilightly
irregular and dolL It was asserted on th«
'- floor of the istoctt Exchante that the collapse
jn sperlaltiec v.as enclneered by a party of
proteselocal trad-rs for effect on the ecneral
market. Whate". er the cause of the break, it
was clear that a very vulnerable portion was
uncovered. Loss>« of 12^ in Cora -Products
preferred, 4'i In the common. 8 In locomotive
preferred, 4^« In Car preferred, 2 in the com
mon, 3^« In Leather preferred, 3 in flag pre
lerred and from 1 to 2 In various others are I
auffi< lent evidence of public^distrunt of values.
In the case of Corn Product* it was alleged
' that formidable mw competition uaa preparing.
General considerations played a part In the de
cline, such aa comparisons with the urice of
the United States Steel stocks in the Industrial
class. It was pointed out that the absorption
at hlerh valuation of competing plants was
proving to be an Invitation to the organization
of new ©oro petition for industrial corporations.
Assertions that the present level of prices for
sterl products «ai merely tentative and was
likeiy to give way to further reductions played
a part In to-day's market. The resumption of
the hearings in the United Stat»s Shipbuilding
suit seemed to be considered a fitting occasion
for an onslaught tpon industrial securities In
general. ¦ As a more specific cause a number
of loans in which these stocks figured as col
lateral were said t> have been peremptorily
called and the collateral thrown on the mar
ket. This «erves t> explain the flurry' In the
money market. Sterling exchange responded to
this development vHh a sharp drop, and the
fencing tactics between London and New York,
by which the former seeks to protect her gold
supply, were renewed. Announcement was
made, however, of tn engagement of $1,000,000
In gold for Import .'or account of a Boston In
stitution. Upward of a half million In gold
previously engap-d arrived by an Incoming
steamer and went into bank reserves.
The bond market was Irregular. Total sales
par value, *2.317,00ii.
United States tw» and the old fours de
clined % per cent on the last call.
NEW TOP.K STOCK LIST.
Btocka — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchleon 17.000 CO*;. 04% C4ti
Atchicon pfd LU00 l-o% . «;»>•- kqu
Dal & Ohio ltt.100 70^ 76^ 75%
Hal & Ohio pfd Q-; 7 *
Canadian Pacific... 1.000 110% 118V4 I18W
Central tfS J 153
Ches & Ohio 1,700 30% 30' j$oU
Chi A Alton 3,000 31 Vi 3(Hi 30H
Chi & Alien pfd , .... c? 73
Cbl & O-We*t....'. 600 15% '" 15U 151;
C & G West B pfd. 100 20^ 2t}£ 27 '4
Chi A N W 100 105 1G5 163
Chi Term & Trans w»/
Chi Term & T pfd. 100 IS 18 17
C. C. C & St Louis * .... C9
Colo So 12% 12»i 12%
Colo 80 1st pfd.... 100 62 62 61
Colo 60 2d pfd.... 400 22 22 20%
Del & Hudson 154
Del. Lack & West 23H4
Den A Rio O .. 600 lU't, v.ni \u4
DcnJt KloOpM... S00 C8H 68 60
Erie 12.W00 27H 26% Stitt
Brie 1« rfd 100 Wfr 08^ «eS
Erie 2d pfd 400 49 48 48
Great Nor pfd jgo
Hocking Val '..".. 72 •
Hocking Val pfd g<>
111 Central 1,000 129^ 12S% 125) '
Iowa Central 100 20',4 20% ' 20
Iowa Central pfd g 5
Kens City So w 30 .
Kans City So pfd.. 600 33% 33H : 82
Ix>uis A Nash 10.100 103% 1<C>* 10-2K
Manhattan L, 3.000 139% 138H lZ*i?
Met St Ry 6,000 110% 11.1$ m %
Minn & St Louis. .. 100 61 «l M
Mo Pacific * 10,700 00% nu% go*;
Mo. Kans A T 100 17% I7« ic5
Mo. Kara A- T pfd. 100 ;«iS :;t;i<, - r ,.v
Nat RR of Mex pfd 100 37' 37 ««
N T Central 1,»<X> J1R% 117 ,, 7
Nor A West SO0 56»4 06 651;
Nor & West pfd 04
Ont & West 1.500 20% 2014 20%
Pennsylvania 41,700 114% 113(2 11314
Pitts. C C ft St U 100 69 69 57 '*
Reading 21.200 <Hi, 39U , ays*
Reading 1st pfd... 200 75fc 752 75
Reading 2d pfd.... -300-60 69 157
Rock Island Co 2.700 24%. 23% 23%
Rock Island Co pfd 300 69% t&il ro
Bt L & S F Ut pfd ..... S>
Ft L & S F 2d pfd. 100 44% 44% 44
St Louis 8 W i»i/
St Louis S W pfd J'11?
St Paul 18.100 133 137% 137%
St Paul pfd. 200 172% 172VA 172
80 Pacific 4.200 46H 44% 44T4
So Railway le.ROO 19% 18$ iRtZ
fio Railway pfd 3.000 76^ 75 K 7^8?
Tex & Pacific 2,500 23% 23U 22il
Tol. St L & W.... 100-20% 20% '20t
ToU St L A .? pfd. 600. 32H 32 3"
Union Pacific 36,<VY> 73U 72 « 7?u
Union Pac pfd 200 J 85% 85% &$
Wabash . .. 400 19% 19U icr"
Wabash pfd 6,600 S5H 34U 34«
Wheel A L Erl«... -400 -15 15 15*
Wta Central 400 :.17 16U 16%
Wis Cent pfd...... 300 37% 86% 36^
Express Companies — i«* - ,*
Adams ...:...' ". ... .... 120
American 100 180 190 l«t
United States .... jfjo
AVa- York Stock Market.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about l^c under Quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 0c; medium.. 8c; light. T^c; Cow Hides,
7%c for heavy and 7V4c for light: Stags, 0c;
Salted Kip. 9c: Salted Veal. 10c; Salted Calf.
l»H@llc; dry Hides, 15c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf, 18c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 2Ti4i30c rach;
short Wool. 4(>^(3Oc each; medium, 7ixfr!>«»c; long
Wool, ?l'al fiO each; Worst; Hides, salt.
$2 75 for large and *•_"« 2 5tt for medium, |1 25
®1 75 for small and 5tic for Colts; Horse
HMes, dry, $1 75 for large and $1 SO for me
dium. *lftl IS for small and 5oc for Coita.
Buck Sklns^ — Dry Mexican. 32et dry' salted
Mexican. 25c; dry Central American, 32c. Ooat
Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c: large and smooth,
SOc: medium, 35c; small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%c per lb; No.
*, 4c; grease, 2 »4® 3c.
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquin Lambs'. 09
lie: Middle County. ll®12c: Northern Free,
linr-V; Northsrn Defective, lohllc; Humboldt
and Mendoctno. 12f?14c; Nevada, 13@15c: Ore
gon, fine, ltj@l!lc; Oregon medium, 17c per lb.
HOPS— 11VS21C per lb for California and 100
21c for Orf-on.
Wool remains as before. Nobody Is doing
anything. As a local dealer expressed It yes
terday. "Nobody is offering anything, and no
body is trying to buy." Stocks are not ac
cumulating, as the clip is pretty much all In.
Hops are dull and featureless at the revised
prices below. A firm of hop dealers In Sac
ramento recently estimated the Pacific Coast
hop crup of the present season as follows:
California, 45.000 to 47.5OO bales, or 60<)0 to
80O» less than in 1002": Oregon. 75.U0O to 8<>.0u0
bales, or from SOW to lo.OOo bales less than
In 1U02; Washington, from 32.tHK> to 35,iM»
bales, making the total const production from
152.WO to 1C2.00O bales.
Hides remain as previously quoted.
Hides: Wool, Tallow and Hops.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The presrore rrcntlnues high over the greater
portion of the Pacific Slope. A small disturb
ance ie- movlcg In on the far nothorn coast;
No rain has fallen west of tha Rocky Moun
tains.
Tule fog preraila In the great valley and also
along the coast frcm Cape Mendocino to Point
Conception. Frcm the Farallonea to Point Reyes
the Iok Is denre.
Forecast mate at San Francisco for the 30
hours ending rcldnlght, November 25, 1903:
Northern California — Fair Wednesday, ex
cept showers Ta the extreme northwest; tule
fog In the va!>y and along the coast; light
northerly wind.
Southern tialifomia — Cloudy. unsettled
weather Wednesday: fresh southerly wind.
Nevada — Fair Wednesday.
San Francisco and Vicinity— Cloudy Wednes
day, with fog; light northerly wind.
A. G. McADIE,
District Forecaster.
Eureka Summary. — Farming is practically
suspended on account of heary ralus. Gracs
and grain are rr.ak'.n.r rapid growth. Streams
are bank full of water, but are new receding
a little in the xaounuins. '
Los Angles Summary. — No rain fiurin* tho
ireek. Dry seeding continues, but work la not
b«inc rushed. Farmers are awaiting rain.
In"! cation continues.
erous rain* in the BBfGSzra Dorti-n cf t:Q> vai
>-y. gradually dloilnSshing to Hsiit showers in
the southern portion. Ibe rain was very
badly sek-ed t£ soften the ground for plowing
ft.nd to 6t2Tt me new rrass. Heavy sr.ow Is
reported frora the mountains east of Tulare.
Plowing and seeing are progreyeinjc as rapid
ly as the w ••».:;.• r and tb« condition of the
ground wiU permit. Dry feed is scarce, but
n«w grass will soon be plentiful.' The grape
harvest ia over. Dried fruit is being shipped
to tfc« packlrjE-houFe« In large quantities.
Olive* are making cood prcgires and a fair
crop !¦ promised. Oranee picking and fhtp
lns- continue*. A h»«vy frost oerurred on the
3i;th In many scrt int, but caused no d&mase.
Southern CaJHomia, — The weather during the
past week has been clear said pleasant. The
vainut crop has been harvested and the last
carload was shipped Eaat from Anaheim on
tV.e li*th. The crop was light, but the quality
excellent. The raisin crop has been gathered.
Th* eacar beet harvest has been completed.
Oranges are coloring and promise a large crop
of sood Quality: Llcbt frosts are reported
from feme localities. Rain is badly needed
and plowing and seeding are at a standstill
until the rains begin. Olive picking Is pro
jrwESlne-
Tte CTour.4 in, the rent rat and^eou them pcr
ttf>ns is in sTryni condition for plowing, but
the fcpavy rrun« In the norfn hare made the
soil too wn to work. Early sown rrain Is
coining up nicely. Grass h\M made rapid growth.
and tric-tn ieed will socntoe plentiful. Stork
la '.a cood condition." The celerj- crop In the
vicinity oi Mtt^eld <§ reported excellent and
:^rre «htpmf«its 'ara being made.- Crops ar«
about all h«rv«Tte<l. CloverdaJe oranges are
:n cood condiUc*. , ¦ . •
San Jcaquin VaJIej. — Ge^rally cloudy, ram
weather rre-.«illed during; uce week. with, gen-
Coast and BSjr fcectlone>-TIie weather dur
ir.g the week »« cnerally cloudy and warm,
with E*a*re-Js rains In the bay and north
coast sections tnd Hcht thowers and Sequent
Ioct oa ' the south coast. Severe frosts oc
curred Ca the ICth, but raus*4 no Uamaee.
Southtrn Caiifcrnta crang<» s ere in good cin.
<5!tioa and prj*wl«e a. line, large crop. In the
Sacramento *!.*-- &»a Jflaijain Valley - districts
orar.ge* 1 are ripening rapidly and shipment*
continue. The vield and quality are reported
axce'.le'JL. <Xlve* are doing .** ell. Dried fruits
are being- •hipped ta tn^ pafklns'-houses in
large T»>e 1a*t carload cf iraJiiut* ,
was 6* :pv^1 from .*- aaiwim on the 10th.
Sacrament" Valley. — G^nernlly clcudy. warm
weather pref^iu-d <lurir« the week, with gen
.-rous rair* in iJl sections. The rainfall
uvraged. ioout three' Inches ia the northern
portion of the valley and two la the southern.
The soil is ia fine condttlon and pic wine snl
seeding '«r* ia J""fgress. The grass has ntar;e<J
r.lcely and ere. ii feed will soon be abundant.
i_irly s .v :-, grain is poming up. Orciuinii««
are bury pruTilr*-. Orang*» are rijiening rapid
ly, and iar£<» fmemfntf are being made from
Orovill' 4 and Palermo; proFpecls are good for
a large crtip. Stock Is improving. TTie streams
have risen ccntidTab;y <Ji>ff.ng the week, but
have caused no damaee. . J^
Tt.1 weather Jarinc the wHt was clear and
warm ;u the south, and *renerally cloudy and
Tiara ia the northern and control portions.
Generous ralss feli oier the north and cen
tral portions, util ;¦.£'. -i gbowt-rs in the south
ern iKTtion of the San Joaqutn Valley and
south coast district. The rainfall from San
FVaacisco Bay northward averagroJ lrotn two
t« three inches. Fotrs occurred along th^ cen
tral coeet- Hm^t Irofia occurred in «me dis
tricts cc the ICth, but catis*^ no dnma^
The ¦soil In the t^acranvTHo Val!*y. the bay
fcc^ion £J<J iior? v iera jnartion of the San Joaquin
Vilify is tn tx^i'.ent oondttioa and rapid i>ro
erves will now he- msde in plowing Bnd Feed
ing. In the nurrth coaFt section the ground
ia in many, plac«-s too T.-et for plowins. The
sea*onat prt'^ipi'^tlc* tn t!ie central and north
era portions oi. the State Is nearty normal,
bJt la the southern portion cf the cJati Joaqula
Valley, the tcuth coast section and Southern
California it Is b^low the normal. All sum
mer crops are under cover. Early sown srala
is eorcins up. - and gr<*n f«*-<l will soon be
abundant in til* northern portion of the St*.te.
T?,e wafk'.r report of A- G. tSeMn. Potion
director cf the cllcsate end crop service of
the fcTYeathpr Bureau, is as follows:
GENERAL SUMMARY.
EEEF— Prim* Roast, 15315c; Porterbwis*
Steak l*ff22H<a Venderloin Steak. 15^1Sc;
S'rlota Pi^k. liUtT15o; Top Round b^-ak.
12»~r- i$c*f Ftew. 10c: Com Beef, SfflOo.
So«V Bcw-es 4c; S iup Meat. bQlOc.
VEAL-*-Lo1^ Roest. i:<V2*; Shoulder Roo--t,
32%(Sl5c: Ctc.:>s and Cutlets. 15520c; Stew,
1 '* *« 1 5c.
MUTTON— L«*. 124<ffl5c: Forequarter. 8©
I0c; Ptew SglOc; Prime Cnops, 12%<?18c.
LA.i?3— *jeg. 20c; Forequarter. 12%«JU-c:
H'.ndsuarter. l*V?<*-, Sbouldex Roast. 10?
12%c: Chops . 15©flSc. .«.„._
POnK— Roasv 12%ei5c: Chops, 15^1Sc.
jvtfe prices do not cover the cheaper graJe*.
as :t is iiapoffKiie to quote regular prices on
lieia- g . .
The Weather and Crops.
Tte- foiiOTrtng retell prices for nreatj ar»
quoted by the Retail Butchers' Protective As
sociation: !
Retail Meat Prices.
San Diego 3J.O0 66 54 NW Cloudy .00
Seattle S0.12 44 SO E Cloudy .W
Spokane 30.21 40 34 NE Cloudy T.
Tatocsh ">-0» 52 42 E Pt Cldy .00
Walla Walla.. SO. 32 S8 S2 SB Foggy .00
Winnemucca .S0.20 54 32 N Clear .00
Tuma 23.92 74 68 E Cloudy .00
Receipts of other Poultry were moderate and
the market ruled firm for all descriptions and
was well cleaned up at the close. There were
no changes In Game and the receipts continued
to come to hand In poor condition, being rnoro
or less tainted, owing to the close weather.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 2C£30c per lb;
live Turkeys, 21(S24c per lb; Geese, per pair,
si ~Z><Q'i; Goslings, ?2ft2 25; Ducks. $5@G per
dozen for old and $ti(S"7 for young: Hens, $5^?(>
for small and $0 50®7 5") for laree; young
Roosters, $C®7; old Roosters, $5(85 60; Fryers,
$5@5 50; Broilers. $4 50S5 for large and $3 50
64 for small; I»iKeons. $1©1 25 per dozen for
old and $2£72 25 for Squabs.
GAME — Mallard Ducks, $2 50@S per dozen-
Cnnvasback, $.105; Sprig. $2; Teal. $1 60;
Widgeon, $1 BO; small Ducks, $1 25; Gray
Geese. $.1; White Geese, $1@1 60; Brant, $1 25
for small and $2 for large; Honkers, $5 for
large and $3 CO for vmnll; English Snipe, $2 50;
common Snipe, $1 60; Wild Doves, $1 25; Rab
bits, $1 75f/2 for Cottontails . and $1 25 for
Brush; Hare, $1 25.
The market for dressed Turkeys was very
much excited and supplies were far b?low re
quirements. TJie exact receipts could not be
ascertained, but were estimated at about 100
' tons. Fin? largo birds were eagerly sought
after and there was sharp competition among
. dealers, who wertt outbidding one another In
' their efforts to obtain supplies, and some lead-
Ing retailers were obliged to pay as hlsh as
.' :?2c. ixt oonnd for the pick of the floors. In
addition to the demand for local consumption
: there was a steady Inquiry from nearby mar
! kets and orders were received even from Los
' Angelas. Several ehlpplng orders could not be
i filled, owing to the shortage of supplies. Live
¦. Turkeys were firm at sharply advanced prices
j and available supplies were quickly snapped
i up.
Poultry and Game. K
Kece ipt» of vegetables from Los Angeles were
liRlit hs -usual on Tuesday, and choice lots
found quick fale at higher rates: Stocks of
Pens Included much poor stock, which moved
slowly at the Inside quotation. Bay Tomatoes
were In free supply and dull and there was
much v>oor stock unsold at the close. Receipts
of other veKetables were light and prices had
no quotable variance. Mushrocms were offer-
In? and sold at GO®75c per drawer.
POTATOES — Burbanks from th* river, 75®
90c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $l*jfl 45 per ctl;
Oregon Burbanka, Wc@$l 15 per ctl; River
Reds, COU75c per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, ?l 2.MJ
1 ?S) per ctl.
ONIONS— $1 lOgl 50 per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 3©6c per lb:
String Beana, 5ig7c per lb; Wax. 5@7c: Lima
Beans. 4i|"5c per lb; Tomatoes, 60(§75c per box
for bay and $1-5 per crate for Lc« Angeles;
Summer Squash, %W\ 25 per box for bay and
7tVfi$l for Los Angeles; Cabbage, 60c. per ctl;
Carrots, 75c ner sack; Cucumbers, from Los
Angeles, fi£®75e per box; Garlic, 6@8c per Ib;
Dried Okru. 12%c per lb; Gr**n Peppers, 354*
60o per box for Chile and 50<S73c for Bell;
Kf?s Plant, 40ffi50c per box: Marrowfat Squash,
$1(MJ15 per tori; Hubbard, $15^20.
Table Potatoes were In good supply, but the
market was active and ruled firm, particularly
for high gra.le offerings. Trashy stocks, of
river Burbanks were well cleaned up and the
quotations had a narrower range. There were
no fresh arrivals of Sweet Fotatoes and carrted
over stock was Steady at previous prices.
Onlor.s ruled firm at unchanK«»>l rates.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
There Is nothing new in Beans beyond the
firmness In Pinks already mentioned. The
other sorts continue quiet. Seeds remain as be
fore quoted.
> BEANS— Bayos, $2 2562 40; Pea, $3@3 25;
Butters. $:; 25; amall White. $2 75®3; larpe
White $2 .'to<ij2 50: Pink. $2 50^2 65; Red. $.1@
:; 25; "Lima. $2 7532 95; Red Kidneys, $4 25;
Blaokeye,- J2 1j1i2 35 per ctl; Horse Beans,
$1 50© 2.
SEKPS — Brown Mustard, $3; Yellow Mus
tard, ?2 05®2 85; Flax. $1 7<J@1 So; Canary.
5^3%c for EawUrn; Alfalfa. U&lic: Rape,
I%fiir2%c; Tln.r.thy, C@ti%c; Hemp, 3Vi@^'.<ic
per lb; Millet, 3<&:»%c; Broom Corn Seed, $20@
23 'per ten.
DRIED PEAS — Green, $1 S0^2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
The Hay market shows no change. Receipts
are light now and the market is firm. Feed
stuff's are steady enough, though Bran Is not as
steady as It has been, owing to liberal receipts
from the north.
BRAN— $2i>f<21 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $2U(fj28 per ton.
SHORTS— $2C©21 per ton. •
FEEDSTUFFS— Kolle-i Barley. $24 50S25 per
ten: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $2«®26 50; Job
bing, $27*027 50; (Tocounut Cake, $21622; Corn
Meal, $.1C@31; Cracked Corn; $30 5O®31 5«>:
Mixed Feed. *22 50i§23 50; Horse Beans, $30®
40 per ton. j";
HAY— Wheat $14@16 50; Wheat and Oat,
$13 MHgKi 50; Oat. *13f»45; Wild Oat, $11 50®
13 50; Barley, $11013; Stock, $IO®11; Alfalfa,
$10«?il2 BO per ton
STRAW — 10<S65c per bale.
J. -H. Jones, of Chico. a heavy handler of
Hay . in the north. Bald yesterday that he
looked for a Hay situation this year similar to
that of 1S97-US, when Hay ran up to fancy
prices. He said that there was no surplus Hay
In the northern part of the State, and that
Oregon ami Washington could not supply this
market as they dhl In those years; furthermore,
that other sections which shipped In to Califor
nia then to relieve the scarcity here are this
year calling on California for supplies, so he
looks for a scantily supplied and strong market
the rest of tho season.
Ha\> and Feedstuff s.
ST. LOUIS. Nov. 24.— Wool, quiet, steady,
medium grades combing and clothing. 17«?
214c; light fine, 15®17%c; heavy fine, 12#
14%c; tub washed. 2C®rj0c.
BOSTON. Mass.. Nov. 24. — Dullness haa
been the chief feature cf the wool market the
past week. Manufacturers see no encourage
ment in the light-weight trade, and will prob
ably continue their method of securing sup
plies as lone as this trade lasts. It is believed
that when heavy-weights are opened the ten
dency will be to buy more wool as business
warrants. The market for both fleece wools
and Territory wools is quiel. No chanKCR ore
recorded in forelcn wool quotations. Trddlng
has been dull. Territory quotations are:
Idaho — Fine. 14015c: fine medium, 16fJ?17c;
medium, 18©i»c. Wyoming — Fine. 14© 15c;
fine medium, 10317c; medium, 18@19c. Utah
and Nevada — Fine. l. r i@llic: fine medium. \~<(b
17%c; medium. lf»S20c. Montana— Fine choice.
l(V§'20e; fine medium choice, l!>!g20c; staple,
20021c; medium choice. 20<S21e. .
Eastern Wool Market.
ST JOSEPH Mo.. Sav. 24.—CATTT.E—Re
ceipts 3CC0. Steady. Natives. $3 5065 35;
eowa and hflfrrs. $1 TiC(p4 50; stockers anJ
feeders $2^0®4 15.
HOUS — Receipts SrKJO; ."fflOc lower. Light,
$1 15W4 .'55; me>lium and heavy. $404 25.
SHEEP— Receipts, f.00; 10@15c higher. Na
tive lambs, $:> 40; wethers, $t .W; ewes, $.1 35.
HOGS Receipt* to-day. 35.000; to-morrow,
R5.000. Opened l«)S515c lower: clope<l steady.
Mixed and butchers'. $1 10(84 45; good to
choice heavy $4 2OW4 32%;. rough heavy, $3 70
©4 15; light, $4gi 2.'; bulk of sales. $4 15
©4 25
" SHEEP — Receipts.' IS, 000. Sheep, steady.
Good to choice wethers. $.1 CTX&F4 25: fair to
choice mixed $2 ".">!&:$ CO: Western sheep. $2 50
lii'M S.V native lambs, ?-"l 'tO&'t 50; Western
lambs; 13.3005.^ J( ™£
CHICAGO. Nov . 24. — CATTLE — Receipts.
700O Including 2000 Texans. Western, steady.
Goocl to prime steers, $3 10#5 tt: poor to
iT>«Hilum J.'! 50<&-4 SO: stockers and feeders, $2
<S4 10; 'cows. $1 23©*4: heifers. S2®4 CO; can
.ners $1 2Mi2 30: bulls. $1 75©4 35; calves,
$2(g«j 60; Texas fed steers. $2 75@3 60; Wet-t
ern i-teers. $."Jiat 50.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — Dec- Mareh. May.
Opening « 5% « 4% 6 2%
Closing « 5% 6 4 6 2%
• PARIS.
Wheat ' Nov. Mar.-June.
Opening •• 20 B0 20 95
Closing 20 S5 . 20 95
oS~ 29 10 28 35
, Closing 29 IV 28 35
Foreign Futures.
NEW YORK, Nov. 24.— Special cables and
telegraphic communications received by Brad
stroet's show the following changes in avail
able supplies, as compared with last account:
Wheat— United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, increased 3,231,000 bushels; afloat
for and in Europe increased 2.400,000 bushels.
Total supply, increased, 5.631,000 bushels.
( - orn United States and Canada, east of the
Rockle3. decreased 1.955.000 bushels.
Oatg United States and Canada, east of the.
Rockies, decreased 777.000 bushels.
Visible Grain Supply.
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour steady; No. 3 spring wheat. .9®
81%c: No. 2 red. S2%<gS4c; No. 2 corn. 42%c;
No 2 yellow. 44%c: No 2 oats 34%c; No. 3
white C3%@:iS%c; No. 2 r>2e : Bood feed-
Jn»r barley 43c: fair to choice malting, 53c;
Xo 1 flaxs'eed, 91c; No. 1 Northwestern. 97%c;
prime timothy seed. $2 87%; mess^pork. per
barrel $11 25^11 37%: lard, per 100 pounds.
$0 50/s-G 62 %• short ribs sides .(loose). ¦$« 500
6 S 7%- -hort clear sides (boxed). $($ 37%@0 50;
whisky "basis of high wines, $1 25; clover, con
tract grade, $10 S5.
»_h»i m _~ -- J Receipts. Shipments.
Flou" barrels 24.400 20.800
C?rn at bush e !s elS &S3& ™^ "WM0
Oats, bushels 280. 400 l0 \-^.
giriVy bushels •::: '..141.100 ,15.700
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm. Creameries. 16@24c; Dal
ripn HWlOe Ek^s. firm, at mark. ca*ea in
eluded. 23@20c. Cheese, 'steady. 10@10%c.
The millers report a fair export demand for
Flour, though It is not as brisk as It has been.
MillstufTs continue to move off well, races
for everything remain as before. .. ~,.x»-
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 Wf
4 85, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 5O®4 tO;
Oregon and Washington, $3 90@4 20 per bbl for
Family atui *3 90@4 40 for Bakers'.
V ILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as fol
lows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour. V;
Corn Meal, $-1 25; extra cream do, $4; Oat
Groats «4 50; Hominy, $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour '$4 50@4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats, bbls, $7 25®S Ou; in sacks. ?« 7568 10;
Pearl Barley, $6; Split Peas,, boxes, $7; Green
Peas, |5 60 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
At the adjourned annual meeting of the
shareholders of the Spring Valley Water Com
pany, over 200,000 shares V»re represented and
the Issue of .123,000,00» of bonds was duly au
thorized.
Bclton, de Ruyter & Co. report from New
York that tbe Bank of England has reduced
the price of bar gold %<1 an ounce to 77s and
lid, and American eagles to 77s 6d.
Business continued quiet on all tha ex
changes. Alaska Parkers made a further re
covery to $144 75 and Gas and Electric was
weaker at $i»S 75. Other changes were Insig
nificant.
FOR TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 24.
Flour, qrsks... 3. «1 ft Screenings, ska. 200
Wheat, ctls 1.852 Feed, ska 325
Barley. ct!» 1.175 i'atlow, ctls 227
Corn, ctls XSOpelts. No 30
Beans, sks ".€*<« Hides, No 144
Potatoes, sks... 3,210 Raisins, bxs.... f~i>
Bran, sks 150 Leather, rolls... ins
Middlings, sks.. 161 Wine, gals 29.050
Hay. tons 1 (U. Lime, bbls 317
Straw, tons 10 t u*ar, ctls 2.95>»
Hops, bales ixO'rhlcory, bbls... 40
Wool, bales lWJBrandy. gala 8.«0O
WASHINGTON.
Flour qr sks... 13.22Hi Potatoes, sks... 24«
Wheat, ctls 870 Bran, sks 4,207
Barley, ctki 370 Feed, sks ISO
Oats, ctls 8,678
Receipts of Produce.
rior unwashed; 5H®7% C for ash-damaged.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy, 20<8;:2c: extra
heary. 30@40c per lb; medium. 27©23c: light.
24jjr2tic: Rough Leather. 2&g28c: Harness
Leather, heavy. 35i@cac for No. 1 and 3O».15c
for No. -2; medium. 20fI37c; light. 29«:J3c:
Skirting, No. 1. 40® 42c; No. 2, 3«®38c; Collar
Leather. 15fct0c per foot; Trace Leather, 4O.j>
44c; Kip. unfinished. 4C(S50c per lb; Veal, fin
ished. SOigCOc per lb: Calf, finished. 65c&$l per
lb; Wax sides. lftf»7e per foot: Belt Knlfa
Splits. H©l«c; Rough Splits. 8@10c per lb.
TA NBA RK— Ground, »2t>&2S per ton; stick.
$l**ilS per cord.
OIL — Llneeed. 49c for boiled and 47c for
raw in barrels; cases. 5c more; Castor OH, In
cases. No. 1, 70c; Bakers' AA. fl 10®l 12;
Lucol. 44c for bolted and 42c for raw In bar
rels; Lard Oil, extra winter strained, barrels.
S5c; cases. 90c; China Nut. Br^Oc per gallon:
pur» Neatsfoot. In barrels, 75c: cases. S»c;
Sperm, pure. 75c; Whale OH., natural white,
5tXg55c per gallon; Fish Oil. in barrels. 50c;
cases, 53c: Cocoar.ut Oil. in barrels, 58c for
Ceylon and 65c for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil in bulk.
15%c: Pearl OU rh casee, 22c; A&tral. 22c;
Star, 22c; Extra Star. 2«c: Elaine. 28c; Eocene.
25c: deodorized fetove Gasoline, in bulk. 17c;
in cases. 23%c; Benzine. In bulk. S3e; In cases,
19%c; 86-degree Gasoline, In bulk, 21c; In
cases. 27 %e.
TURPENTINE— SOc per gallon In case* and
74c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD^-Red Lead. 6%vJ
7c per lb; White Lead, 6%©7c. according to
quantity. i
QUICKSILVER— $43 50®45 for local us« and
$42 50#43 60 per flash for export. '
SALT— The Amalgamated Bait Company
quotes aa follows: Genuine Liverpool, $143U>;
Bales, common. $1 65: Dairy, per ton, $12 50:
Half Ground. $9 75©10 25: Rock Salt. $S 50-j*
9 73: Imitation Liverpool, $12 50@13 25; Gran
ulated. $12 .Intti:: 25 per ton.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as folows, per lb. In 100-lb ban:
, Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.85c:
Powdered. 5.70c; Candy Granulated, 5.70c; Dry
' Granulated, fine. 6.60c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
, 5.60c: Fruit Granulated. 5.«0c; Beef Granu
lated (100-lb bags only). 6.40c: Confectioners'
A, 5.6Cc; Magnolia A. 5.20c; Extra C. 5.10c;
Golden C. 5c; "D," 4.9")c; barrels. 10c more;
I half barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb
* bags,- 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. 6.10c; boxes. 6.::5c; H. A E. Crystal
Domlnos. 8.60c per lb. No orders taken for
less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent.
LUMBER — Pine, ordinary sizes. $1$@19: ex
tra sizes higher; Redwood. $19-fi2-1: Latb, 4
feet. V. 9C«4; Pickets. |19®2«: Shtnglea, $2
for No. 1 and $1 CO for No. 2: Shake*. $13 for
split and $14 for sawn: Rustic, $25<331.
Wall-street Stocks lozvcr again.
Silver declines V 2 c. Domestic and Sterling Exchange uncltanged.
Local Securities stUl qxdet and without feature.
* \Vhc~t freights lower, with plenty of tonnage.
Wheat easier, with holders more willing to sell.
Barley end Oats steady. Corn weak and Rye dull.
Hay situation in good shape for holders.
Bran easy, with larger arrivals. Middlings firm. (
Fair local and export demand for Flour.
No further change in Beans. Market for Seeds nominal.
Butter ic lower and depressed. Eggs and Cheese unchanged.
Dried Fruits, Raisins cmd Honey very quiet.
Prcz-isons continue slow.
Wool and Hides quiet and unchanged. Hops inactive and weaker.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs as previously quoted.
Good Potatoes in demand and Arm. Southern Vegetables higher.
Turkeys remarkably high and scarce. Other Poultry arm.
Game coming in more or less tainted.
Fresh Fruits meeting with a very good demand.
The Chicago market continues !n an unsat
isfactory condition, and the tendency Is toward
lower prices. This market remains as be
fore with only a fair demand. "
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy. 12%c for light medium. 14%c for light
15%c for extra light. 18%c for sugar-cured
and 20$j21%c for extra sugar-cured; Eastern
eug.ar-cured Hams 14%c; California Hams.
13&c; Mess Beef. *11 5<> per bbl; extra Mess.
Sl2iS12 50; Family 913; prime Mess Pork. ?1S;
extra clear *2»; Mess. $19: Dry Salted Pork.
12c: Plff Pork. $28; Pigs' Feet. $5 25; Smoked
Beef. 15c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7H<5 Per lb for
compound and 9c for pure; half barrels, pure,
9V4c; 10-lb tins, 9%c; 5-lb tins, J>T«c; 3-lb tins.
10c
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 0%c; three
half barrels 9V4c; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces.
9c; five tlercea. 8%c per lb.
Provisions.
RAISINS — F. o. b. prices. Fresno, for 1903
crop: 50-lb boxe* — Loose Muscatel. 2-crown.
5%e per lb; 3-crown.- 5%c; 4-crown. 6%c; Seed
less Muscatels, 4«4<>: do floated. 4%c; un
bleached Sultanas, 4%c: Thompson's Seedlees,
5%c. London Layers — 2-crown. SI 25; 3-crown.
$1 35; 4-crown clusters. $2; 5-crown Dehesas.
$2 60; 6-crown Imperials. $3; Malaga Loose, 2
crown 6c per lb; do 3-crown. 5-%c; Valencia
Cured,' 4Uc: Pacific do, 3%c; Oriental do,
2%c. Seeded Raisins— 16-oz packages, fancy.
8c per lb: choice 7%e; 12-o« pftckagen. fancy,
6%c; choice. 6%c; in bulk, fancy, 7%c; choice.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 13%@14c;
No 2 HW012c; No 1 hardshell. 13®1.1>;c;
No. 2," 11011 Vic; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils,
10%c for I X L lO^c for Ne Plus Ultra and
8%c for Lancnedoc: Peanuts, 6®7c for East
ern; Pecans. ll«J13c; Cocoanuts. $4 6T>95; Cali
fornia Chestnuts. 8©10c per lb. andll©12%c
for Italian. , '1:1
HONEY— Comb 11@13<5 for white and 0010c
for amber; water white extracted. 6<S5%c;
light amber extracted. 4%@5c: dark, 3%@4c.
BEESWAX— 27@29c per lb.
FRUIT — Apricots. 7@9c for Royals and 90
lie for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4t?5%c;
sun-dried. 3%@4c; Peaches 4%©8%c: Pears,
6@10c; Nectarines. 4{25%e: Figs, white. 4@4%c
In boxes; black. 4V 4 c; Plums, pitted, 6@9c per
pound.
PRUNES— 1003 crop, 2%®2%c for the four
sizes. i
The situation shows no change whatever.
The market for everything 1» quiet and easy,
except Walnuts, which are scarce, in dimin
ished supply and firm. Peaches are about out
of first hands, and growers have but few
Apricots left, except some 60 or €0 cars In
the southern part of the- State. Prunes and
Raisins are especially dull. The Raisin crop
is reported the largest ever known In the
State, and not over half of It has yet been
sold. Honey continues dull and weak.
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
\rtlcles " Open. High. Low. Close.
De\ Vhe new X ?:. 2 r 79% 80 79% 79%
May . 78% 79% 79% 70%
July 74% 74% 74% 74%
De^mbS 0 :.?". 42T4 42% 42% 42%
May"... 41% 42 41% 41%
July : 41% 41% 41% 41%
D^beV*.. 2 ". 34 34% 34% 31%
MaTY.... ..-.•• 35% 35% 35 Vi 35%
July 33Vi 33% 33 33%
MmTo Pork per barrel—
JanulrV .f..'.f.ll 22% 11 62% 11 17% 11 22%
May ...U 30 11 37% 11 30 11 35
Ja^ary' P f. r . ™ 40 6 35 6 37*
Ma\" ........ 0 45 6 47% 6 42% 6 47%
Short Ribs per 100 pounds — /
January A..'.:. BW> 5 021^ 5 8T % 5 87%
May ... ........ 6 02% 6 05 6 00 C 02%
NEW YORK, Nov. 24.— FLOUR— Receipts,
13.450 barrels; export*, 24,500 barrels. More
active and steadier.
WHEAT — Receipts, 50.700 bushels; exports,
63,700 bushels. Spot, firm; No. 2 red. 87%o
elevator; No. 2 red. 88%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth. 90%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba, nominal, f. o. b. afloat. Op
tions were firm and more active this morning,
influenced by vigorous support at Chicago, war
news and lower cables and the replacing of
sales made by room buyers yenterday. Con
tinuing firm through the afternoon, they closed
U.<a%c net higher. May. SSVi^S-TJic, clcsed
«S%c; July 791 l-lfi®S0 lS-HV. closed SO V&c;
December, >7«'»©87%c. closed 87*4c.
HOPS — Steady; Pacific Coast, 1903 crop, 21
CT2Sc.
HIDES — Steady.
WOOL — Firm.
PETROLEUM— Firm.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady; No. < Invoice,
611-lOc- mild, stead}-. Futures closed steady,
net 5W10 points higher. Sales, 4i.O0O bags. In
cluding: Dewmber, 5.50c; January. 5.60c;
March. 5.85c: May. 6.05c; July, 6.20c.
SUGAR — Raw, easy; reftned, quiet; No. 6,
4 05c- No 7 4c: No. H. 8.85c; No. 9. 3.00c: No.
10 3'Soc; No. 11. 3.80c; No. 12. 3.75c; No IB,
3 70e; No. 14. 3.65c; confectioners' A, ,4.30c;
powdered 4.55c; granulated, 4.45c; cubes, 4.7Cc.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinued easy in the absence of important de
mand. Common. 4@5c; prime, 5%©5«4c;
choice. U@(i«ic; fancy, 7c.
PRUNES — Show a rather irregular move
ment but on the whole are quiet. Quotations:
2%<5<3%c for all grades.
APRICOTS— Quiet; choice, 9V4@9%c; extra
choice. 10V;c; fancy, lie. - _
PEACHES— Quiot; choice. 7V467%c; extra
choice, 7%©8Uc: fancy, 9V4#KH4c
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
Wells-Fargo 195
Miscellaneous — ,
Amal Copper 38,700 SOU 37% 37%
Amer Car & F 6,300 19-4 1"% W%
Amer Car & F pfd. 3.700 JJCVi C3% 64
Amer L Oil 100 »8% 8% 8%
Amer L Oil pfd 25
Amer Loco 1.800 14 12% 12%
Amer Loco pfd.... 2.700 78^4 71 72
Amer S & Ref 3.300 44>/b 43% 43%
Amer S & Rof pfd. 1.000 88% 87 87
Amer Sugar Ref... 2U.200 119V4 117% 11**4
Anaconda Min Co.. 200 63 G3 62
Brooklyn R Trans. 11.800 S9% 3S% 38%
Colo Fuol & Iron.. 2,900 28 ' 25% 26
Col & Hock Coal.. 100 10% 10% 10%
Cons Gas 1,500 179ft 178 177
G*n Electric 1,000 155 152 152»4
Inter Paper 10
Inter Paper pfd.... 100 62 62 62
Inter Pump 30
Inter Pump pfd 68 *
Xat Biscuit 200 36% 35H 35Vi
Nat Lead 1,400 15 14V» 1*%
North Amer 100 71% 71% 71%
Nor Securities .... ' 87
Pacific Mall 9C0 26H 25 25
People's Gas 700 94% 9.1% 9*5<.
Pressed S Car 8.100 2fiVi 23 23%\
Pressed 8 Car pfd.. 1.000 C7% 64% 64
Pullman Pal Car 210
Republic Steel 900 6 5% 5%
Republic Steel pfd. 19.S0O 41 39 3936
Rubber Goods 14
Rubber Goods pfd 68
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 1.600 28% 27% 27%
U S Leather ... 2.000 7% 6% 6%
U S Leather pfd... 1,400 77% 74 74%
U S Rabtw 8%
V S Rubber pfd... 200 38% 86% 36
U S Steel 9.20O 11% 10% 11
U S Steel pfd 42.2C0 52% 50*4 MM,
West Union 600 85 84% 84%
Total shares 501.800
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Nov. 24. — No bond transactions
to-day. j
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s,' reg...lO«Mi | Hocking Val 4^3.100%
Do coupon 10CH I, &. N unl 4s 97%
Do 3s, reg 107H Ilnhtn en gold 4s.lO2 ! S
Do coupon.. %*..107H Hexiean Cen 4s... 71%
Do new 4s, r*g.l34^ Do 1st inc H%
¦ Do coupon 134^4 Ulnn & St L 97
Do old 4*. reg..H0V« II. K & T 4s 08
Do coupon 110% Do 2ds 75
Do 6s, reg 101 V4 ITU RR Mex en 4s 75'4
Do coupon ..'...HOW W Y Cen gen 3&s 90%
AtchUon gen 4s.. 99% K J Cen gen 6a... 129 \i
Do adj'4s 93 Do 3s : 70
Bait & Ohio 4s...l00%!i;orthern Pac 4s.. 10214
Do 3%s 94H, K & W con 4s 97
Central of Ga 5s.. 104 I) S L 4s and part 91%
Do 1st inc 64 I'en conv 3Hs.--- 6°
Ches & Ohio 4'4s.lOO'/i jteadtng gen 4s.. 97
Chi & Alton 3%s. 73^j'JtL & IM con 5s.llO T 4
C B & Q new 4s. 93-4 IHL & SF fg 4s.. H2%
C.M & StP gen 4s.lO9 U Lou!s SW lsts. "81%
C & N W con "s.. 130-4 leaboard A L 4s. 72
C R I&P RR 4s. 71% Southern Pac 4s.. $$%
Do col 5s 74VJ '.outhern Ry 5s.. 112%
CCC & StL gen 4% 07 Tex & Pac lsts.. 117
Chi Terminal 4s.. 75 V. St L & W 4s.. 71
Con Tobacco 4s... 54% Union Pacific 4s.. 102%
Oolo & South 4s.. 84H Do conv 4s 94
rolorado Fuel 02% U.'S Steel 2d 5s.. •!«%
Den & Rio G 4s.. »fl VVabash lsts 113
Erie prior lien 4s. 98 Do deb B MV,
Do gen 4f 84% Wheel & L E 4s.. H<>
ft W & DC lst.-lOtt 1^ Wisconsin Cen 4s. 89
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 09 little Chief 00 '
Mice 14 Ontario C UO
|:reeee 10 Ppnir 1 2T>
JJrunswick Con.. 0.1 Vi Phoenix «>2
lomstock Tunnel 05 Potosi li
JcnCal&Va... 00 Savage ......... --'O
Horn Silver 1 00 Sierra Nevada... 33
Iron Silver 180 Small Hopes 1j
JeadviUeCon 02 Standard 2 00
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
' Money — 1 W*s>tlng com.... €8
Pall loans CHSS Mininc —
Time loans e^fca Allouez 4
Bonds — Adventure 3' 4
Atchlso'n -4a 9914 Amalgamated 37'4
Mex Cent 4* 09 Daly West -io
Railroads— Blngham 21
Atc-hlsun *M*i «"al /t .Hec!a ....440
Do pfd «'.»U Centennial 14 '4
Boston & Albany. 247 Copper Range .. 40%
Boston & Maine.. 170 | Com Coal 72
Boston Elevated. 140 j Franklin tVi
N Y, NH & H..195 lisle Royale <".
Fitchburn pfd...l:»O ; Mohawk .'i5
I'nion Pacific 72 '4 Old Dominion 88
Mex Cent bijiOsceola f>
Miscellaneous— ! Parrot IS
American Susar.IlSi4!Qulncy SO
l^j pfd 120 S F Copper l*j
Am Tel & Tel... 125 Tamarack S5
Dom Iron & Steel. hV t I'nited States V2, H
General El»*cttic.lW 1'tah *i ¦¦
Mass Electric 171^ Victoria VA
Do pfd 70 Wlnona • . <Vi
CnltoO Fruit 95 Wolverine Go
U S Stoel 11
Do pfd trl •
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Con for money.88 11-10 N Y Central 121^
Cons for acct 8S% Norfolk & West. !W^
Anaconda 3% . lx> pfd S»v-
Atch!sf>n G7 !> , Ontario * West.. -Hi
¦ Do pfd 02% yennaylvanla. 59'v
Bait & Ohio "s^ }tand Minea »Ji
Canadian Pac...l2:i> 4 Ueadinc 21U
Che* & Ohio :U>i Do idt pfd 39
Chi Gt Western.. 10U T-o 2d pfd 80
C, M & St P...14n>i Southern Ry l'Ju
De Uefra *-'0) s t Do I'fJ 7S
D & it G 20«i|Ecuth Pacific... 47*4
Do Df d C0%| Union Pacific ~Ti\
Er i» 2S^ Do pfd..
Do iVt t>fd.... C8« \V S Steel ....... 11%
Do 2d pfd 501/^1 Do pfd >> v i
Illinois" Central.. 1 ST. 1»H
Louis & Naph...lO«>i Do pfd 35V4
M K & Tex 15V
Bar silver, steady. 2«%d per ounce. Money.
3S3% per cent. The rate of discount in the
open market for short bills is 4 per cent and
for three months' bills 4 per cent.
SUMMARY' OF THE MARKETS.
December ranged between 79V ; ®70«Sc and 79%
680c, closing %c higher at 79%c.~ - ;
The feature in the trading In corn was the
heavy selling of both December and May by a
prominent commission house. May closed a
shade higher at 41 %c. December closed %c
lower at 42%c. •
Oats was weak on heavy selling. May
closed V&c lower at 35>4c; December, %c lower
at 3i56c.
•Provisions felt the weakness in hogs, which
were selling at a decline of 5@10c. January
pork closed a phade lower, lard was 7^c low
er and ribs were off 5@"V4c i -
. Tho leading futures ranged aa follows:
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 11 $1 11% *1 11 $1 US
May, 51 CS% bid, $1 CStf asked.
2 j>. m.» session.
May $1 Of!i
December 1 H?fc
OATS— While the Government order men
tioned yesterday tends to Impart firmness to
the market, there is no particular chance in
the situation. Offerings continue ample for
all needs and the demand I Is nothing extra.
Quotations remain as before: White, $1 200
1 30; Black. 11 40@l 00; Red, $1 1001 22^ for
feed and $1 25® 1 35 for seed; Gray, nominal;
none here. .
CORN — Weakncps continued to characterize
the market. The demand is slack and receipts
from the lower coast, seem to be increasing.
The tendency in prices Is downward. Western
sacked. $1 27%<&1 30 for Yellow,. $1 30 for
White and fl 25<&1 27H for Mixed; California
large Yellow, $1 22%©1 32>4: small round do,
|1 40® 1 0<>; White, $1 25®1 30 per ctl. .
RYE— Dull and unchanged at $1 2501 30 per
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25@2 60 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m
Feed, $1 10<gsl 13%; Shipping and Brewing,
$1 17**@1 22&; Chevalier, $1 20@l 43 for fair
to choice.
CASH BARLEY.
for the local trade $1 13% was the general ask
ing price, with off grade lots selling down to
$1 10. Trade continues quiet.
for Oregon .and $1 60@l 75 for California:
other varieties. $1@1 25 for fancy. 75<©95c for
choice and 2."VJ?5Oc for common; Christmas Ap
ples. $1 5C62 50. - "
PEARS— $1 25*81 CO per box for fancy Win
ter Nellls and 50(g75c for other arietles.- = .' •
QUINCES — 60@75c per box.
POMEGRANATES-^ 50©2 per box.
PERSIMMONS— 6O@90c per box.
GRAPES— COeCOc for small boxes and i5c<9$1
for crates.
CITRUS FRUITS— Valencia Oranges. $29
3 50 per box; Navels $2S3 25; Seedlings, $1 75
©2; Lemons. $102 50 per box; Grape Fruit.
$1 5002 50; Mexican- Limes. $4651 Banana*.
f 1 25®2 25 per bunch for Hawaiian and S29*
for Central American; Pineapples, $2 5©@3 50
per dosen. ». ¦ : ¦
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CAliL, WJiUiSJiiSDAr, JNUVEMBER 25, 1903.
13
Continued on Page Fifteen*
CHICAGO. Nor. 24. — Wheat ruled strong,
although there was little Improx-ement In the
volume of trade. The Impression prevailed
among traders that too much has been finding
Its way Into the hands of a bull operator and
as the crowd In general was short, there' was
a rood demand from this source throughout the
day. . Outside markets - were higher, the .' re
ceipts at Duluth and Minneapolis being ¦¦ espe
cially strong, which influenced prices here.
May was In better demand than December.- and
opened a shade to %@^c higher at 78 H@>
78%C and advanced gradually as the day pro
gressed. Advices from Argentina state that
the exportable ' surplus will be much less than
at first estimated and this fact had a.* strength
ening , Influence during the- latter * part , of the
session. The close .was :s@lc higher at "O'-gc.
Chicago Grain Market.
Last | Th!t Lestt.
Sutlon» — 2* Hours. e*ason. Season.
Kureka 0.00 13.89 13.13
n*a uiuir o.w s.-o 10.09
Sacramento O-00 3.52 3.69
Fan Franelfcco O.00. 4,41 3.CS
Fresno 0.00 0.04 2.67
In4"r^n(3enf« 6.00 _ T. 0.79
San Luis Obi— x>... O.OO • 0.44 3.52
Lo« At^v'es • O.OO O.43 2.4".
Bu too 0.00 0.06 2.60
— — — , 1 **"""¦>
3*H~ COAST RECORD.^"'
~ c S K 0 2 *3
ETArro^l f|*J|gf |»1; I
- e e : : §
: ? ? : : <v :
***-"" 3022 4« & PE Cloudy .00
U*Z"Z n --• A - :{f '-16 66 32 KW Clear .04
SKSEl; 3Ol ° " 02 SW Cloudy .00
rr«d %L<* W »* * w Foggy .00
EfT" 0 ¦ 30.04 64 4S N Clear .00
p£ I 0 - 06 60 2« W Pt Cldy .00
Pocatello ....50.30 4<5 <2 TV Clear T
Independence 30.05 08 08 6 Clear .00
~*°* Angeie*. .30. f4 «'» r_ «TP "Pt ndv 00
isrls? _& " 8 * E «
__£v- _f ? « * " »s* : »
F&cramento ..30.04 70 f,2 \t -Imi- 00
SaJt Lake ...30.24 B2 38 %'W Setr 'oi
6. U Oblspo.. 30.08 64 18 w Clear .00
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
EASTERN MARKETS.
AUCTION SALES
SALE EXTRAORDINARY
ARCADE HORSE MARKET.
S27 SIXTH ST.
THIS DAY.
WEDNESDAY. Nor. 25. at 11 a. m.
By order of Overland Freight and Transfer
Company I will sell 8 pairs of condemned
Horses and Mares, weighing from 1200 to 1800
lbs.' This Is a rare chance for farmers and
tno'o wanting good work heroes and brood
mares at their own price. A~o I will tell 1
Phaeton. 1 Coal Wagon. 1 Farm Wagon. 10
Sets of Harness. Everything must be aa rep-
resented or money refunded. Horses can ba
seen at cur stables' any time before sale.
JOHN J. DOYLE Auctioneer.THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER
14
COATMAKER wanted for the city: steady
work. DETMER WOOLEN CO.
BARBER wanted evenings and Sunday morn-
Ing; steady. Box 4752. Call offlce.
BARBER shop wanted In good country town.
Particulars, address S; C. T.. Napa. Cal.
PAPER rulers; first-class Job ruler wanted. F.
MALLOYE, 422 Sacramento st.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M.G.- Barrett. Instructor. 302 Montgomery.
A BRANCH offlce for. Call advertisements and
subscriptions haa been established at 1096
Valencia it," . ~ . ¦ . ...
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
MUST *>« sold at a sacrifice; 5 good hones.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd. sur-
rey.hafness.work.drlving horses. 15th-Valenda
A WEEK'S news for 5 centa— The Weekly Call.
10 Bwes. in wra Me r. far malllne. Jl *r Xe«.
ADVERTISEMENTS,- subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce. cor. Duncan tt Church sts.
HARNESS and caddies, the best for the money,
at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. Inc.. the big store.
1145-1147 Market St.. San Francisco.
A LOT of cheap horses, mules,' wagons. «ur-
ries, buggies, carts and harness will be sold
at auction Tuesday. November 24. 11 a. m..
at 1140 Folsom st. .
HORSES AND WAGONS.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting: 23a
to 50c. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
.price. 663.Mlsslon st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BUSINESS CHAXCES---Coitttnq_ea.^ t
P. G. WILKE. Real Estate and Business
Agent (established 14 years), 20*4 Kearny
ft., rooms 9 acd 10.
A $1000 COFFEE faloon and restaurant on
the water front, close to Market tt. ; dally
receipts about 500; business clearing $300 per
month- trial given; a splendid offer: Investi-
gate at once. See R. G. WILKE, 26',4
Kearny st. | •
A $3500: HOTEL and barroom with 30 rooms,
Jn Point Richmond; rent $100; rooms always
occupied by employes of railroad and Stand-
ard Oil Company; board bill guaranteed by
company; owner never clears less than $300
per m'ontb. Call R. G. WILKE, 26H
Kearny st.
A — $t)00; SALOON on water front, with 8 fur-
nished rooms: 3 iron bedsteads in each room;
2^ years' lease; rent $35; rooms alone pay
$io per month and saloon doing a good busl-
nega. See R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $350; EMPLOYMENT office, doing a good
business; roust be- sold at once on account
of sickness in owner's family. Call R. G.
WILKE. 20% Kearny ft,
A— $1SOO; HALF Interest In one of the best
corner Baloons on water front; lease; dis-
agreement of partners cause of sale; will
fell whole for $3400. Call R. G. WILKE.
20^ Kearay gt. _^___
A — $1250; CORNER saloon on Fourth St., close
to S. P. freight sheds; 8 furnished rooms
and kitchen: a good paying business. See
R. O. WILKE, 20 Vi Kearny tt.
A— $800; DAIRY produce and delicatessen
etore; rent $22; business clears above $100.
per month:- living rooms: value in sight.
Call R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny St.
A— $2000; SAIXMDN on Kearny St., about 2
blocks from Chronicle building; place estab-
lished years and doing a good business; or
one partner will Fell his Interest for $1000;
dleagreement cause of sale. See R. G.
WILKE, 2014 Kearny Et. ,
A— $12O0; COFFEE saloon and bakery; close to
Phelan building; a good paying business,
but must be sacrificed on account of owner
being sick In hosnltal. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 26',^ Kearny St.
A— $3250; LEADING saloon on Market and
Mason sts.; net rent $150; lease with priv-
ilege of 5 years' more; value in sight. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2CH Kearny st. ;__
A— $650;" CKJAR etand on Montgomery st. ; a
$700 cigar stand on Ellis st.; stock at in-
voice; a $200 cigar stand on Third st.: stock
at invoice; a $400 cigar stand on Eddy st..
stock at invoice. Call R. G-- WILKE. 26^
Kearny st.
A— $1250- COFFEE saloon on Geary St.; rent
$45. R. G. WILKE. 26VJ Kearny st.
A^ MERCHANTS. ATTENTION.
Do you wish to enlarge your business, or do
you desire additional capital? If so. we can
furnlEh you with an active or silent partner
who will Invest from $100 to $50,000; we
have a large number of desirable applicant*
en our books seeking good business openings.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO
Suit 321. Emma Spreckels building.
A WORKINGMAN with $400 wanted as part-
ner in etore business; must be steady. will-
Ing to work and yatisfled with $75 to $S3
monthly. MARIN CO.. 235 Kearny st.
AN old established wholesale produce commis-
sion business for sale; owner wishes to re-
tire. Price reasonable. Box 4507. Call offlce.
LIGHT manufacturing business; over half
profit: small capital required. 6.6 Bryant
St.. near Fourth. _________^^__
OLD-ESTABLISHED Jewelry store for sale,
near the city; account sickness; $6 a day in
work. Box "4521. Call office.
WANTED — A man with $500 for half Interest
In good paying business; paylnr $300 month-
ly. Address box 4579, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS delicatessen store; good busi-
ness, good location; 3 living rooms. Box
45C0. Call office. __^___
FOR saJe — Good paying paper and laundry
route in country town, near city. Address
News Acent. Mill Valley. Cal.
WHOLE or half interest In saloon; best of lo-
cations: $2.">00; no agents. Box 4753. Call.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE. <
- - - -¦.-.-.- "V "
(MARION GRIFFIN.) !
(BUSINESS)
(IS)
(BOOMING.)
moom 40C, Examiner Building.)
Phnne Wack 3007. Take elevator to 4th floor. <
4W rooms — $.';0OO: furniture and building NEW.
21 rooms and RESTAURANT— flOOO; clears
$125.
65 rooms— $5000; rent $250; ELEGANT furnl- '
ture.
35 rooms— NEW; will furnish to suit buyer.
VJ rooms— $12.10; APARTMENTS; rent $75;
clears $S0.
80 rooms— NEW: will furnish to suit buyer.
IS rooms— $:»<IO: SE. CORNER: clears $60.
43 rooms — $:t<>00: one-third down: rent $125:
income $308; 5-year lease; NEW house;
NEW furniture; price reduced from
54400: death the cause.
1C rooms— $700; rent $70; clears $61; 7 block*
north: owner In HOSPITAL; must sell.
60 rooms— $lW>0 cat=h necresary: NEW house;
FINE furnishings; 7-year lea.«e; clears
$:iOO month.
20 rooms— EXTRA fine: 20 nelect boarders;
corner; beautiful lawn; very fine; clear*
$150 month. *
80 room*— High class; BEAUTIFULLY fur-
nished- GUARANTEED to clear $050.
200 rooms— APARTMENTS: clears $1000 per
month: SPLENDID up-to-date house.
12 rooms- $500; rent *40; clears $40; north.
44 rooms— $4500; TRANSIENT: cleared $«S in
October; books open to bona fide buyer.
VERY nice. re?p«*table house: well furnished
and full of rooriers; In best of down town
locations; will rlear $70 a month; thorough-
ly f=afe and trustworthy proposition; the rent
is C6S and the price Is »14. r .0. MARION
GRIFFIN. 400 Examiner building
C. E. HINKLEY PHONE MINT 796
1020 MARKET ST., OPP. FIFTH.
EQUARE DEALINGS. CLEAR TITLES.
EASY TERMS.
10 rooms; clears VK; rent $20; a snap... $200
14 rooms; clears $45; a good buy COO
00 rooms; transient; liquor license 2750
19 rooms; rent $5o; housekeeping 550
42 rooms; ;ipartment-house; Post St.... 3000
21 rooms; rent $45: price only 80O
10 rooms; rents $22 50 200
100 rooms; offices and country transient. 7500
SPECULATION — 17 rooms; clears $U0; rent
$4j; price 5750: easy terms.
HINKLEY, 1020 Market Ft.
MODERN — 18 rooms; electric lights; lease;
clears $80; transient; nicely furnished; easy
terms: we this. C. E. HINKLEY, 1020 Mrkt.
LUXURIOUSLY furnished 50-room modern
apartment-house; choice location; long lease?
Bwellert houso of the size in the city.
HINKLEY, 1020 Market st.
MONEY-MAKER — 80 rooms; transient: liquor
licence; clears $50*0; 2 entrances; oak and
maple furniture; a gift at $2750.
HINKLEY, 1020 Market st.
NEWLY furnished 14 rooms; rent $55; choice
location; large yard; oak and mahogany fur-
niture; clears $50. C. E. HINKLEY, 1020
Market et., opp. Fifth.
BEST bargain In a large, dependable rooming-
house; very centrally located: CO rooms and
all large. light and airy; furnished splendidly
und In most artistic taste; lease for
eight years at very low rent; house
Is clearing $300 per month, guaranteed: price
$C000; electric elevator; hot and cold water;
modern improvements; cause of sale, owner
compelled to be out of city on business;
will pell or exchange for real estate.
MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner building.
FOR sale — 4 flats of 11 rooms; also lodging-
house 20 rooms, all elegantly furnished ; ex-
cellent climate; thriving town Southern Cali-
fornia; is paying 25 per cent on price asked;
owner must have money to meet business ob-
ligation, hence the sacrifice. Particulars
from ALEX. MURDOCK. 16 Chronicle bldg..
San Francisco.
SEE
TETLOW & DEACON.
Phone Folsom 2957.
1023 Market st.. between Cth and 7th.
For hotels, rooming-houses and business
chances; any part of the city.
A— $8000; PRIVATE boarding-house, with 40
elegantly furnished rooms, on Van Ness ave.:
rooms always occupied and flrst-class patron-
age. See R. O. WILKE. 26H Kearny et.
ELEGANT corner flat. 8 rooms. Western Ad-
dition; rent $35; cheap, $000; large list of
houses. 0 to 200 rooms. EITEL & CARROLL,
212 Kearny st.
6 ROOMS; clears rent: north of Market St.;
good furniture; smali payment down. Call
room SI. St. Ann's building. 0 Eddy st.
CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING.
AIR compreesed. dry, ice cold, is now univer-
sally used In sanitary cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply • S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main B237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison st.; Al cleaning; 3c; tel. Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating. Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor, 329 Guerrero St.. tel. Mission 49.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prope.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
„• y.3 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
dtr or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery, rooma 0-10; tel. C5S0.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at\Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI, 421 Post HC: teK~BuslT'l3£^
Japanese-Chinese employment offlce; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Offlce^ — Japanese-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell. TeL Main 5732.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 0183.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— FEMALE.
YOUNG woman with a child wishes general
housework for grown people or cooking for
men on a ranch; can do chamberwork and
waiting at table In hotel or . boarding-house.
Address 190 Preclta ave., near Mission . st.
Tel. Capp 1831. ¦¦ - -.
A FINE pianist, accompanist and teacher
(lady) desires engagements; will give in-
structions in exchange for room and board.
Box 4730. Call office. . .
STENOGRAPHER with experience In I mlme-
ography desires situation; willing, to start
with small salary. Address box 47, Call
Branch. Church and Duncan.
A COMPETENT German woman wants wash-
Ing and ironing by the day. Call 1203 Val-
lejo>t. - ¦ , -
HOUSEWORK of any kind. Including mend-
- ingr 20 cents per hour. Address box 50, Call
Branch, Chiirch and Duncan.
WOMAN wishes position as cook- in private
family: city or ; country. Call at 47 'Shipley.
YOUNG French sirl wishes position as second
work: $25 per month. 119A Sixth st. ¦ -
COLORED girl for office or "¦.upstairs work;
•¦ »leep at home. 418% Natoroa st, y. .
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 35c night: reading rooms:
free 'bus and baggage to and frum ferry.
McDONALD & PERRY have a large stock ot
new and second-hand shoes: cheap. 239 3d st.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullis. room 40. Phelaa
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thoma* Pos»,O.A.R.
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.: 14.
years' practice; references from thousands ot
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed.
S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard tt.
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale; on account of
other business. 704 Tolk »t.
'¦ . • -
3OTDX O. SFHECSXlriS. Proprietor.
AddrEss CGMEimicafom 10 IDEM asiUSHT, Kasager
W. J. MARTIX. .... .Business Manager.
TELEPHONE.
AfV for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With th« Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Itooais 217 to 221 Stevenson at
Delivered by Carrier*. 20 Cts. Per Week. 78
Cts. Per Month. Sir.ple Copies S Cents.
Terras by MalL Including Postage (Cash Wltn
OrCer): ,„ _-
DAILY CALL <!nclud. Bunfiay). 1 year..$S-0C
PAILY CALL <inc!ud. Sunday). 6 mos.. 4^09
lUrl-X CALL — By Single Month «»o
Pl-NDAT CALL. 1 Year 2.60
% X-EKLT CALU 1 Y,ar £ «"-«£
rcREIG? { g£Sfc£5;3 III Year Extr»
POSTAGK. \\\>ekly.. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Eair-ple Copies will be forwarded ween re-
quested.
Mall subscribers !n ordering «**"»*•. °!J!£;
£ree» fli-'tld be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
«uest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
HIS Broad way Telephone Main 10S3.
BERKELEY OFFICE:
tliS Center Etreet Telephone Ncrtn 77.
WASHINGTON "CORRESPONDENT I
MORTON E. CRANE. . -^1400 G Street. N. W".
NEW YORK :mVS STANDS:
Waldorf - Artoria Hotel: -^ ,^gi*!?' "
Cnlon Square: Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-ave-
nue Hotel and Hoffman House.
1 CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hctel: Tremont House; Aad.tortum
PaJmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS...Marq'jette BulUL».
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central 261». >
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San ¦ Frandioo
Call corW Market and Third streets: open
until 12 o'clock ev«ry nirht In tbe year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
C27 Montgomery etreet. ccrner Clay: open un-
til 9:30 p. m. .. . -- _
800 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p.n.
639 McAllister street ; open until 9:30 p. m.
C15 Larkin etreet; open until 9:^0 P- ™-
1M1 MiFFion etreet; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth, open
until 9 p. m.
ICtf Eleventh Etreet: open until 9 p. m.
1CJ8 Valencia Etreet; open until » P- m.
JCortheUt corner Church and Duncan streets,
op*n until fl p. no. _J_» .,.«
Northwest corner of Twenty - second and
Kentucky streets: open until 9 p. m. •
2T"ft ri'lrr.nrf rt r »ft: orfn until fl _Pj_P2i_^_^_
MEETING NOTICES.
"a^-SSSS mfeflg^l T*$4*
NESDAY) EVENING at 7::S0 o'clock. /V\
Third degree. 6<?c .
CR^Tf.^
PAY) EVENING, ot 7 o'clock. l^y/?^
order of the Master. '
H. ». McPHERSON, Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. ICG. F. and A. 5J
M— Third decree THIS (WEDNES- > )Qr
DAT) EVENING, at 7 oVlock pharp. /? \
II. J. OWEN. Pec^
MIPPION Lodge No. 1TO. F. and A. m
M —Called meeting THIS (WED3FES- W
I>*.Y) EVENING, at 7:'5O o'clock. /VA
Third degree. It. E. ALLAN. Sec.
EYP \«'l'PR Lodee No. GS. JC of P.. -^*?
m.-<-:s THIS EVENING. Will confer Vi£>^
the Knight rank, after which will 7^5*?'
entertain all Knights attending this, j>£X'
< ur SSd. Thanksgiving convention. ma^\^\
with turkey and the UFual trimmings that
g o with It m 6T«^I£g&£t£ c.
GEO. RADRITT. K. of It. and S.
•"liE California Debris Commission having re-
* retred application to mine by hydraulic pro-
t*«s frcm Omeza Placer Mining Co., in
Omega Placer Mine, near Washington, Ne-
•.sfla County. Cal., draining into Scotch-
Pci-tchmans Crefk. which reaches Yuba
Rtverj from W. H. Murchle, in Murchle
>!lne ' near Nevada City, Nevada County.
(al'.,' draining Ir.to Doer Creek, which
roaches Yuba River; and from W. I.
l*iph la Eaes'r Mine and Liberty Hill
Mine, near D-jtch Fiat. Nevada County, Cal..
. draining into Stump Car.ycn, which reaches
lk-er Hlver, giv«s notice that a meeting will
!? held ct room 00. Flf.od l;Ui:<Jlnr. San
Franclcco. Cal.. Dec. 7. 1903. at 1 :'M p. m.
AGEXTS WASTED.
IF you would rather let porch climbers ar.d
burglars have your jewels than to ray $3
for an absolute detector, that is your busi-
nrsF. Sole agency. 400 Klalto building.
Bl'ILLilNO and loan agents for city, state
and <-oaft towns; best seller; brst pay. Call
cr write. CM Parrott bldg.
A^TTOKNEYS-AT-LA\V.
" \\\~h7 BITTNER^ m
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Phone bouth 743. ,
Suit 322. Emma Epreckels building.
Divorces quietly and legally obtained for
eight cauws; damages •ecured for injuries to
person or estate: r?slevlr.s for property un-
lawfully detained; attachments and garnish-
ment* for lebts; bonds furnished; bankruptcy
proceedings; wills probated; estates settled;
collections made in all parts of th« U. b.
' ~~ ADVICE FREE.
OLD ESTABLISHED.
COLUMBIAN LAV.' & COLLECTION AGENCY
Able attorneys. Rm. S5. 916 Market, opposite
Emporium. Bad tenants ejected speedily and
reasonably. Collection?, no matter how Email,
attended to: attachments; bonds furnished; cor-
porations organized ; civil and criminal practice.
•Tel John C226. Open evenings by appointment.
We solicit an Interview with you.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fe«.
See ir.e and »ave money; no pay in advance.
O W. HOWK. ATTORN EY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 jtt.; nr.s. 1, 2. 3. 4 & 5. tat fl.
1122 Market et., between Maaon and Taylor.
Afivlce free, all roattrrg. Detectives employed.
AA— -THt; Legal Advisory. Inc.; reliable attor-
ney*; practice In all courts; attachments, di-
vorce, estates, bankruptcy, probate. 611,
FllA. CUB CrosRley bldg.. N. E. cor. New
Montgomery and Mission ris. ; tel. John 21)20.
J'.OBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
-com Cll: all cafes, damages, estates, wills.
' attachments, collections, etc.. consultation
-. -»e- n» advance charges; call or write;
- f v«>ninc» by appointment. Tel. Red 3001.
3tJ& 'ICE free — I will advance cost In merttori-
i s cases, divorces, probate and all other law
case*- no fees in advance; open every even-
ing. j^i^HUR^TOj^Sl^^arketj^r^Sl.
DIVORCE — Costs. $12; quick, quiet: advice
tn*: open evenings. 027 Market tt.. r. 301.
DIVORCE coets $12; quick and quiet: open
evenings. Examiner building, room 315.
L. B CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket «t- ; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless Buccessful: all
law buylnrfs. W. W. Davidson. 927 Market.
BIRDS, DOGS, ETC.
WARBLING canaries, talking parrour^an
klr>4s of eor.r and fancy birds; golcflsh, seed
cages, etc. Give us a trial; we will please
you. 1546 Market »t.
BUSINESS CHAXCES,
ETRANG^ ERsTaTTENTION !
Are you looking for a safe and profitable busi-
ness opening in San Franclsoo? If bo, we can
offer you ar.y number requiring an Investment
from $100 to $50,000; every business oppor-
tunity that pasBM through our office must
etand the closest lnvestig-atlon. and w« can
rlac« you in a store factory, hotel, mill, of-
flce or. in fact, any businres you may prefer;
kindly ca'.l and investigate.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit ."21. Emma Spreckels building.
A— $!2CO; SALOON on Market st: rent $40.
$3000— Fift-nUure business ; rent $."i5. j
}-,!!.. — Butcher shop: good buy; Investigate.
y;jOO — Kestaurant; up to date; north Market.
GOLDEN GATE REAL ESTATE CO.. 3 Taylor
A~RARE opportunity for an active business
maa with about $30,000 to become a part-
ner in a splendid paying old established
wholesale liquor business. Box 4738, Call.
LARKIN., 5005 — Drcsymakir.c parlors: cheap
rer.l; fine location for any other business;
houeelieep'.Tis rooms, furnished; $123.
jiOO-^-PA RTNER lisht work; ?1M month easily.
Particulars Ci:» P.ryant gt.
A SAFE INVESTMENT. <
$1000 caslrand (services **curos half interest
in «ziablirhed Installment house; Inx'estcient
secured an.1 $50 weekly ayrured.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit .'221. Emma Fpreckels building.
FOR SALS — A weiJ established harness busi-
ness in the thriving city of Chico. For par-
ticulars ca!l on L. D. STONE & CO.. 417
Market et.. or write to box 2C8. Chicj.
CIGAR etore: elegar.t location, fronting tbe
~ entrance of two Kalootvs; stock at invoice;
a snxin for the right party. Apply at CHAS.
WATTHEAS & CO.'S. 1430 Market Bt.
j^OlTTIl^First-cTa^r weil-eetab dressrcaklnc
/ buslnw: excellent location. Box 47C6. Call.
6TOCK and fixtures for sale cheap; del!cate»-
kb etore. Box 13CC, Call.
BUSHELMAN and pants maker for country-
Apply REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter st.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sale; snap. \\%
Polk st.
MEN to learn barber trade; good positions fur-
nished. Apply 611 Commercial «t,
BOY about 13 to drive butcher wagon. 1303
Buchanan ct. ; call early. , .
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED llsiTof houses to'let : — T^ 1
cular. O. H. UMBSEN A CO.. llj." g^-
A— HOUSES and flats to let: an hnm«M- >.,.
service absolutely free; take a.IvU",J i
this department; It will save you ,?' Be of
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 21^-ir?. an<1
et.. on the equare. "" 3 Gear '
BEFORE moving get our printed \ist~» h ~ '
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 'p" v V*
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED?""
FOR SALE — C-room flat; newly furrUsTT
partly rented. 1C3 Ninth st.
COMPLETELY furnished house, 12 roo^Tc^T
ifornla. nr Pierce. Apply 37 Columbian 'bw«
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Chinchilla mu.f on Van Ness ave.. b»t.
Pacific ave. and Sacramento st. Suitable re-
ward If returned to MRS. A. C. DODGE.
Hotel Baltimore. 1013 Van Nesa ave.
LOST— Diamond screw pin. on Market st.. s^n
urday night. Finder please return to
CHARLES NEWMAN. Russ House, and r--
celve reward.
LOST— Tuesday, at Gruenhagen Candy Store.
umbrella. Finder pleasa return there anj
receive suitable reward.
$5 REWARD— Lost, large pearl scarfpin with
small rins attached. Address Golden Wes:
Hotel offlce.
LOST— Mink n»ck fur on Sixteenth or Valencia
st. car en route to ferry. Return to 237 Do-
lores st.; suitable reward.
LOST— Collie pup. male, about 8 months old;
white on breast: no col'.ar on Return y
707 Ashbury gt.; tel. Park 3£3.
LOST — Irish setter bitch. Sur.ilay evening Re^
turn" to 179 Albion ave.; reward.
LOST— GoU scarf pin; draeca; 1 diamond- re-
wanl. 2CC0 Fell st.
LOST— Scarf pin. 3 pearls, srr.a:: diamond la
center. Return 210 Market st. Keward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that :h» rallfornla
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter n .. needs old
rold and *1'ver tr> make ne-w w>t~h case*.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all femala
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed; id
years' experience; removed to 82« Post st.
MRS. tR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all f»-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief graranteed. 10C8H Market st.. opp. Bth.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELLr— All who are s'.cli cr
In trouble consult this specialist on femala
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Offlce. 1018 Market st.
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
in o»>stetrics, female complains: Inst. relief;
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5; 23 yrs. exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladiea"
specialist; a private home before and durtns
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
A maternity villa: private: secluded; confiden-
tial. Dr. E. Funkc. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
DR. ROSEN resides 2003 Folsom St.. corner
26th: ladles, relief or no fee: $H>.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HEKBS;
original method of treatment. 1120 Market Bt.
DR. NO TOY KEE. 319 Powell st.. oppostta
Union pquar**; all diseases cured by h<»rh<.
MILLINERY.
LADIES — 20O stylish hats to select from: leas*
sold must vacate February 1. 1904; sav«
money by calling on MME. POSCH. 207 Post.
MISCELLANEOUS — IFoiX, SALE.
BOILERS engine?. 2J-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-107 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterlte: in rolls easy to lay.
needs no painting or coating; good over old
lrcn. tin or shingles: best for n*w roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engine:. PWM
pullers. shafttrK. etc.. etc., bought, sold,
rented and excharg-d; see Sunday papers.
H. S. W H1TE M'CH'Y. CO.. 130- 13a Deale St.
A-Flne suits. $7 50; dress pant£ $2 1 50 Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 2CS Kearny st..
near Hush; open to 9 p. m.; Sunday to neon.
Ar— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear St.
2 72x16 rlORIZONTAL tubular boilers, front
and all fittings. TRACY ENGINEERING
CO., 151 Fremont Bt., San Francisco.
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cost;
new Underwood visible typewriter catalo*
sent free. R. E. Revalk <fc Co.. San Francisco.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 5O hats, $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter. SCO Kearny st.. near
Pine; open to 0 p. m. ; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and Jl 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 ¦t«l St.. Exam, bid.: catalog, free.
DESKS and safes; see the complete Una at ISIiJ
Market, ab. Van Nesa. RICHARDSON BROS.
GASOLINE engines for sale. Bay City Iron
Works. Third and Washington sts.. Oakland.
Printing office. 3 C.&P. presses, motor, cutter,
type, fixtures; doing good business. 2986. Call.
SAFES New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
A VERY fine diamond heart for $210 at W. J.
HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st.
3 6 AND 10 hp. gasoline engines; 2d-hand; all
'sizes; new. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Market.
NEW and second hand machinery of all kind*.
KROGH MNFO. CO.. 519 Market st. •
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, oalc. rental;
bargatns. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post it.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 100 Vallejo Bt.
SAFES — New and second hand. E. B. BECK
& CO..- 122 Market st. ;
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs; hammocks,
metal beds, ma ttresses. J.F. Hotter. 712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, filma. Baclgampi. O.,o MKt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sixes. J. E. DOAK. 4C Fremont St.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewrlers: all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgy.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
SECOND-HAND gasoline engine, 8 h. p. or
less; wood working machines. Box 4311.
Call office. _
WH VT have you to exchange for first-class
dentistry? Addre«3 box 4742. Call offlce.
IVANTED^ — A good second-hand bicycle at 41*
McAllister st.; call before 9 a. m.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1149 Market st. : phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of caat-olt
clothing; send postal. MORRIS. 870 Folsom.
TILTON- wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Jessie 28.' 1.
A BIG price paid for sealskins: send postal.
25 Stockton St.; phone Bush 4S4.
MONKV TO LOAN.
AAA— HroMANMUTRPHY^ ~ ~*~~
€01-602-603 Examiner buying, j
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing direct;?.
Estates, second mortgages, undlvlde.1 Inter-
ests, asshrnments of rents, property lr> trust,
etc.: legacies. Mfe estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal; tn permanent salaried people en
their note wltlyut security or knowledge ot
employer: lowr»t rates; no com-iil'sion. NA-
TIONAL CREDIT CO.. CS anJ G> Donoho«
building. 1170 Market st. >
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
niture pianos or to salaried people on their
note: proper treatment guaranteed. 1LLINIO>.
TRUST CO.. r.1 M£ Fftrtaat *M£j _U**i MyTO*.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, a?
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. SH
Market St.. tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Thirx
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy paxments ; largest business ia
46 principal cities. Toiman. 5.T3 Parrott b!dg^
A 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no remov-
al no commission, no publicity ;$25 up: quicx.
priyate. confidential. 2C Montgomery, rm. <¦
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. IKS Grant ar«..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.0na_
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold. '''''J;
diamonds. pearU and precious stones bougm
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st^
TO salaried people without security: on furni-
ture: Indorsed notes and other security, s. *•
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bH'^jjjfj ,
AT lowest rates on furniture and pinnos: st rict
privacy: no commtsslon:lnstal!m< > nJs accepted..
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building^
OPEN Credit Ass'n. loans on s.ilariM corjflden-
I tl&lly: new.slmple plan. Room f»0. 619 Market.
; MONEY loaned to salaried empToyes. O. W.
, MILLER, room 74. 5th floor. Chronicle oldg.
' « 3% ON furniture fc pianos; $15 up; no trtnoval.
',' y. TREMAIN. room 81. S Eddy «t-, floor *.
WANTED^ — A harnessmaker. 122 Montgomery
avenue. •
BARBERS wanted, to have shears ground;
. price reduced to 15c; first-class work guar-
anteed. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis «t.
BARBERS — Largest and best paying barber
shop and baths tn San Francisco for sale.
Inquire DECKELMAN'3. 106 Ellis St.
BARBER trade taught in one month: new
method. Address W. C. B.. room 111. St.
Ann's building. 6 Eddy et.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair: foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay
- express or mail charges. 11 3d St.. Exam. bid.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, haa
added 100 new rooms to the Denver Hou*e,
217 Third «t. : 250 rooms j 23c to 80c per night.
MEN wanted to learn the barber trade In two
months and secure good positions; catalogue
mailed free. MOLER System College. 633
Clay st. ¦
WANTED— Boys from 16 to 18 years; height.
6 feet 4 Inches and over, to Join a social mili-
tary rifle corps; regulation uniform and drill.
Apply S. SZANIK. 473 Valencia St.. any
evening between 0 and 8 o'clock.
FLATS TO LET. '-
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list;
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 243-259 Geary
Bt.. on the square.
TWO beautiful modern flats. Just completed:
all the very latest Improvements; northeast
corner of Chestnut and Leavenworth sts.; 6
rooms and bath each; every room sunny;
grand marine view; swell location; walking
distance from town; rent reasonable; open.
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses are
listed In our renting department: let us give
you a list and help you find one In the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY, 1039 Market St.; services abso-
lutely free.
VAN NESS — Modern, 8-room. sunny flat for
. rent; or will sell. Phone Folsom 2891.
ELLIS. 824 — Sunny. 5 rooms: Just finished;
electricity for light and power; $45.
HAYWARD. 2,; off Harrison, near Eighth —
Sunny upper flat. 4 rooms; rent $11. :
TO LET— Sunny flat, 0 rooms and bath. 115
Leavenworth st.
$7— IX)WER flat. 726H Harrison st., between
Third and Fourth. ¦ .
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent*— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
FLAT to let; 3 rooms; furnished: $1200. 3flA
Gilbert Bt.. Off Brannan. bet. 7th and 8th.
MISSION. 1148 — Elegant front flat; 4 rooms;
complete for housekeeping: piano If desired.
FI'ATS FOR _ r SAIjE^^ 1TR^ 1^ I1B P' r ,
FOR SALE — Departure sacrifice; 7-room flat,
nicely furnished. 900 Jonea et.
- FI.VANCIAL.
COMPANIES Incorporated, financed and stock
floated. W. H. bITTNER. Lawyer and Fl-
nanclal Agent. 322 Emma 8preckels bldg.
TACIAI. MASSAGE.
A WRINKLES removed; fine complexion guar-
anteed, new method: 6Oc. M. LUTON, mani-
curing parlors, 764 Larkin St.; phone Polk 17.
"~~~ FURMTUnE WANTED.
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURD. auctloneer.lSIS Mkt.-.tel.Howard 2756.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HAIB PRESSING.
YOUNG woman wishes few engagements for
Ehampooing. manicuring, scalp treatment.
Phone Capp 3573.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
COOK small restaurant. $35? delicatessen, $30;
second cook sanitarium. $30; 4 cooks. $30;
5 second girls. $20, $25; kitchen helper, $25;
lady's maid $25. hotel, sleep home; cham-
bermaid private family, San Mateo, $25;
waitress small restaurant. $5 week; 3 nurse-
¦ girls $20 $25; dining-room girl, sanitarium,
$20- "housework 3 in /amlly, no washing, San
Anselmo. $30; "2 laundresses. $30, and other
places too many to advertise. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter Bt.
WANTED — Chambermaid and waiting, flrst-
class resort, open year round. $25. fare paid;
call to-day. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334
Sutter st.
A-^-COLORED cook for two in family; must
go home nights; car fare paid; wages $-'5.
MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter. nr. Powell.
A— WANTED — Girls to learn hairdresslng.-
manicuring, etc: trade taught from A to
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
•Itlons to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school in
We«t. 23.1 Geary St.. room 13..
A— Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish in 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 p*r week up:
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A— LADIES to learn all branches hairdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc. 1236 Mar-
ket Bt.. cor. Jones, room 94; position* secured
at highest wages; day and eve. clas»; call.
BEWINO MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO/3
FACTORIES, 3214 FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION, NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WANTED — First-class alteration hands on
suits. Call at STRAUSS & FROHMAN. 107
POBt St. \
WANTED— Girl to do general housework, flat,
three In family. Apply 1C38 Fell St., be-
tween 10. And > 12 < a. m. to-day.
EXPERIENCED bodice, sleeve hands and stock
girl. Dressmaking Department White House.
TYPESETTER on monthly, $9 week; steady.
510 Commercial st. /
GIRL to learn typesetting on monthly. $3 60
week at start. 516 Commercial st.
SALESLADIES for lace department. Apply
Superintendent's Offlce. Emporium.
GOOD hands on vests, who know how to make
buttonholes. 641^ Stevenson st.
GIRL for 'general housework and cooking; 4
adults. 3325 Clay Bt.. near Central ave.
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser. Apply DIehl Hair
Store. 528 Fourteenth at.. Oakland.
RESPECTABLE young lady, light offlce work;
small wages; references. 473 Valencia «t.
WANTED — A good lady beroer, German, or
good ' sober young -man. Address JOIIX
MENSINGER. Baker City. Or.
WANTED— By a wholesale house, . 8 young
women to fill temporary positions; must be
accurate at figures. . Box 4509, Call.
A WOMAN to go to country for general house-
work. ¦ Call 2512 Folsom ¦ st.
WANTED— -Experienced saleswomen. Apply
, between 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
BOOKFOLDERS ; experienced operators want-
ed. F. MALLOYE, 422 Sacramento st.v
CANVASSERS wanted; permanent employment.
Room 9, St. Elmo, 508 V4 15th St., Oakland.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
EDUCATED elderly German * Catholio lady as
• children's nurse; $3 per week. 1071 Market.
WANTED — A first-class finisher and polisher;
only those with good references and sober
need apply. Jackson Furniture Co., 523
Twelfth st., Oakland.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTEJP-^^FjSMAIjg^
AN American woman wishes to take charge
of a rooming-house or keep house for wid-
ower; no objection to cook for hired men.
MRS. H. COOK. 124 Eleventh St.. city.
A YOUNG lady, educated, of Bood family,
wishing to have her expenses paid East,
will go' as lady'e companion nurse or in
almost any capacity. Mox 4oo8. can.
GOOD German girl wishes I) ° s i" o 1 n Sddv^st"
eral housework; wages $25. liWVa Eddy St..
WOM"AN. would like situation by the day.
washing and house cleaning. 1310 fanotweu
St., between 20th and 27th^
A CAPABLE, clean housekeeper will take full
charge rooming-house for use of three gooa
living rooms. Box 4743, Call offlce.
A REFINED middle-aged lady wants a posi-
tion as housekeeper for a small family. Ap-
ply or address Mrs. V. P.. 1059 Pacific st.
SITUATION wanted by lady as manicurist In
a shaving parlor. Box 4750, Call offlce.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office." cor. Duncan A Church sts.
EMPIiOYMEXT WANTED — MALE.
M^RRlEuT^nIn7"aged~4T. good health habits
and perceptive qualities, rapid and accu-
rate with figures, understands bookkeeping,
last 7 years' experience mercantile business
and mining in Southeastern Alaska. «e sl re3
a permanent situation; can furnish city ref-
erences and bond if required; in that or sim-
ilar lines will pay $40 to any one assisting to
procure the same. Box 473 1. Call 01 nee.
LANDSCAPE gardener and orchurdlst; kr.ows
his duties; to lay out or start anew orchard,
etc.: also pruning, grafting, dried fruits,
wants place to care for or do pruning: nrst-
class work. Address O^g-. 613 Mission st.
STEADY reliable man and wife wish to take
charge "of a gentleman's place or a stock
ranch; good references. S. P.. 7i Mnth st.
GERMAN 30 years old. 3 years in country,
wants work as porter or other, work. Uox
4734. Call office. ¦ ___
B VRBER first-class, wants steady Job. Please
address" THEO. WUESTEMANN. care
Charles Tamm, SCO Bartlett st.. S. F.
YOUNG man. speaks French Italian wants
position as coach man or t» rare for l horses,
good driver. Adlress box 4740. Call offlce.
BARTENDER— A flret-class, steady man;
with good references; must have work. Box
4721) Call. ;
SITUATION wanted by expert and experienced
draftsman and designer. Address box 857.
Call offlce. Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS groom (English) desires situa-
tion. Box 4730, Call offlce.
YOUNG German wants work of any kind, $1 60
day. SS23 Army st.
BARBER wants position; short hours; steady.
Address box 4733. Call offlce. .
POSITION wanted by thoroughly reliable Scan-
dinavian on city or country place as coach-
man, gardener and general utility man; can
milk and understands his business thorough-
ly; references. Box 4594, Call offlce. \
FIRST-CLASS Installment houses— For youi
domestic dry goods department, experienced
salesman In linens, curtains, blankets, etc.;
excellent stock keeper; flrst-class references.
Box 4757. Call offlce.
GARDENER, understands flowers, vegetables,
small fruits, first-class horseman, wants
work on private place; reference. Box 4(45,
Call offlce.^ \
ADVERTISER will give $25 to any one pro-
curing him position; age 34; height 6 ft. 8 in.:
strong and active; no objection to hard worK
of any kind. Box 4748. Call offlce.
A GENTLEMAN of large business experience
lately from the East is open for active em-
ployment; is an expert r.ccountant; executive
or manager. Box 4751. Call.
ENERGETIC salesman of good appearance. 7
years' experience. Is desirous of accepting po-
sition as traveling salesman with mercantile
house; good references. Box 4529, Call.
WANTED— Position as bookkeeper or an assist-
ant by young man of 5 years' experience;
quick, accurate and good penman; can give
best of references. Box 4554. Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED and willing young man wants
position In wholesale house as salesman or
assistant bookkeeper; good references. Box
4531. Call offlce. ?*:>, .*.;¦'.
EXPERIENCED laundry distributer desires
position In city; 6 years' experience, some
experience In marking room. Address box
4552. Call office. '
Al CLOTHING and gents' furnishing goods
salesman capable ot taking full charge of
either department; 20 years' experience;
country preferred. Box 4762. Call office.
POSITION by experienced salesman from the
-East; desires to locate here; has handled
cutlery and grocers' specialties. Box 4517.
Call office. ¦ ¦•
WANTED— By a first-class mechanic, painting,
paper hanging or tinting, by the day -or con-
tract; all tools furnished. R. D. MAK-
EHALL. 429 Douglass St. -. ¦
GOOD middle-aged hotel waiter Atn\rea «teady
position. Address -New Atlantic Hotel. 207
Montgomery ave., room 69. __
A RELIABLE young man, . 22 years of ajre,
would like position in electrical line: has had
considerable experience. Box 4565. Call office.
GOOD piano player as bartender, with few'
hundred dollars, wishes a position in saloon
business in country town. Box 4jl3, Call.
YOUNG man".. German, clerk and typewriter,
best references, wishea position. L. MZL,
box 470J. Call offlce.
A TEMPERATE colored man would like to
obtain a position as Janitor or porter; best
of references. Address box 4550. Call office.
AN elderly man, reliable, good - references*
wants position as night watchman. JACOB
BAKER.' room 110. Winchester House.
EXPERIENCED gardener, best referencesi
wante steady posltton In city or near by. Box
,4533. Call office. - - • ¦
YOUNG man desires position with reliable
house where he may advance; 3 years office
_ experience; best ; references. Box 4626, Call.
WILLING young man, 19. and fine penman, de-
slres position In office or wholesale house.
Box 4520. Call offlce. - ¦' ¦ . V, v
WANTED— By experienced retail grocery man.
a few hours' work dally; cigar stand pre-
ferred. Address box 4503. Call offlce. :
A PAINTER, paper hanger, ' whltener wants
work; has all tools. 1302 Webster St.; tele-
phone Jackson 1321. ' v : ¦
JAPANESE wants position to do housework In
hotel. or lodging-house. Address CHARLES,
1006 Hyde st. ;^ - --
BARBER— Situation -wanted- by a thorough,
first-class man; city > only. Box 4741. Call.
STUDENT wants position in dental laboratory;
' - has had 1" year's experience. Box 4532.' Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
;¦, subscriptions " has been ¦ established at 1096
Valencia st.
WANTED — Active advertising and Insurance
solicitors on new proposition; sells on Its own
merit; exclusive territory to good agents;
good- compensation. Call from 9 to 10 a. m..
suite 19. Columbian bldg. 916 Market St.
WANTED — An all around bookbinder; one who
can do forwarding and finishing on full
bounds. Apply SANBORN. VAIL & CO..
741 Market st.
WANTED— For U. 8. Marine Corps. abl»-
bodled unmarried men. between 21 and 33;
good character; nrust spetk, read and writ*
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-
war in all parts of the world, on land In our
Island possessions, and at naval stations la
tbe United States. Apply at recruiting of-
fice. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. CaL. aad
401 K St.. Sacramento. Cal.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 aad
$1 60 per pair, foot- form aho«a at $2 SO. or
orthopedic phoes. $3 SO; best shoes on earth. 11
Third St.. Exam. bldg.. 3 doors from Market.
COTTAGES TO LET.
MODERN furnished cottage. 114 Hawthorne
St.. near Folsom. between Second and Third.
CREDIT CLOTHIEES.
c."fTadXms co.
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole family from hats to
shoes; everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. 318 Mascn st.
CURES BTJPTTTRE.
WHO DOES IT? 1iUNTER~12O6 Market it.
Send for circular. Why will you miffer?
~~ DEXTISTS.
DR GRTTSS, 504-5-6 Callaghan bldg.. Market
and McAllister sts.. uses the Basford Obtun-
der the only device ever Invented for grind-
Ing', drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 14H Market* nr.Eleventh
No charge for extracting when plates are
made- old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs; crown, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates. $5: full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kenxny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth $1 50 up: crowns $2 up; fillings. 25c.
GOLD filling*. 75c; silver. 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain; or^n Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt,204 Sutter.
ACCORDION sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking A Millinery School —
Patterns cut to nuasure;eve.clasg. 1010 Mrkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S nVSlSESs'cOlA^GErii^T'OS'r. &¦
y — Bookkw-ping. shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and nleht twsslons; Illustrated catalogue free.
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; special summer course in all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship, $50: day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkin »t.
••A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; individual In-
struction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing: established 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, lay and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening cessions. Phelan bldg.
THE PAUL GERSON School of i Aoting, the
foremost institution of the kind In the entire
West; 12 teachers; send for catalogue. Na-
tlve Sons' bldg., 414 Mason st. j
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1238
Market St.— Practical, progressive, reliable;
day and evening se salons; write for catalogue.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday, Sun-
day eves., Teutonla Hall. Howard St., nr.
Oth. Prof. Foster: society dancing taught.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. min., mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, ev. ; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Eleetridty.24 Post
St.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
SOPRANO Just from the East wants church
position; good reader. Box 4662, Call.
EUGENE DE FOREST SCHOOL OF ACTING.
Saratoga Hall, 840 Geary St.; call 2 to 5.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION ..xDay and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st NlgSt clasg.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
WANTED — Young men setween IS and 20
years of age to set up toys; mast be handy
with tools. Apply between 0 and 11 a. m.
at HALE BROS'.
BARBER shoo, fully equipped; rent $10 per
month. 3510 25th st.
DISHWASHER and lunch waiter wanted. 331
Bay st.
BARBER for to-day; young man; unipn. 799
Geary, corner Hyde.
WANTED — Marker arui distributor. The
French Laundry Co., 3372 Mission st^
GOOD talkers, acquainted with wage-earners,
can make blc money. 554 Parrott bldg.
BOOTBLACK tbr country. Apply 111 Ellis st.
SPIRITUALISM.
PROF. Fred P. Evan3, noted psychic for » la ' e -
writlng and clairvoyance; stamp f or circular.
1112 Eddy St., nr. Octavla; phone Scott SS7-
MRS. C. KOTTER— Test circle to-night: deyel-
oping circle Mon.; sittings dally. 34 Oth st. _
MRS. HARLAND-S Thanksgiving test circle
to-night, 10c; readings dally; DOc. $1. 143 6th.
MRS. Ai R. SMITH of Portland. 700 Polk St.,
room 26. The Gladstone, corner Eddy st.
EDWARD EARLE, 1052 Ellis. r e ?L d . ln £f ( ,. d v UIyf
9:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
. CLAmVOY^TjS^______
PROFESSOR~PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San 1 rancisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fail to tell your name, occu-
pation and what you called for; I PfP™ 18^ 0 "»
you whether husband, wife or sweetheart is true
or false; tell you who and when you will 1 marry,
in fact. I will tell you every hope, fear or | ambi-
tion better than you can tell yourself; Ij 111 g£e
you luck that wins success in love.marrlag em
vorce, business, speculation, mining, health ana
lost vitality, etc.; hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
326— O'Farrell Bt.— 320. Readings $1.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg.i she reads your lite correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; if you are in trouble
discontented or not satisfied in life, or have
domestic, love or business troubles, f?"^
this great medium and you will be t° ld how
to overcome them; valuable advice In all af-
fairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaran-
teed; readings by mall. Tel. Black 4^C9.
A— PRESIDENT DIA3
.OF MEXICO says:
"You have demonstrated to what perfection
your studies in this science have been car-
rled -" l-j-V-O-R-N-O.
THE WORLD-RENOWNED PALMIST
AND CRYSTAL GAZER.
34 KEARNY STREET.
Over Hammersmith & Field's. Tel. Black 2435.
ICrSee portrait of Mme. Llvorno and orlg-
lnal testimonials at entrance.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy. cl f 1 "'°>' an , t (lr a , 1^
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
Bt.. cor. Turk; privete readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m.; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, »i,
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth: don't send currency. Send postotnee.
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clalr. & palm.,
has second sight; a wonderful prophetess.
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestlo
trouble, bus. and financial success; names;
L.. 50c; G.. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
COME AND HAVE YOUR LIFE READ
BY MRS. DR. E. SANDERS.
And Learn Mental Telegraphy.
418 Post St.; hours 10 to 8.
MRS A. H. Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading. 10c, for
a short time only; when others fall try me to
convince yourself. 721 Franklin, near Turk.
MME. VEINA; wonderful trance medium and
card reader; Just returned from long ab-
sence. 406 Geary, near Mason, room 1.
A— Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 6 4th fit., near Market.
MISS WARD gives names, dates and facts;
hours 11 a. m. to 9 p. m. 413 Mason; no sign.
MRS. AVERY. clairvoyant card reader. 940
Howard st. ; ladles only: 25c; no sign.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
26% Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c; gents 60c.
MME. LAMAR, wonderful palmist; card read-
er; 25c, 60c. 620 Jones st. ; hours 1-9 p. m.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: slt-
tlngs dally. 44S^ Jessie at., bet. Sth and 6th.
MURRAY *
Leading Employment and
1002 we gave -$ {m jnen work.
45.000 men work. y w>
ARIZONA.
ARIZONA, jjj^da.
Sout^Padflc and Santa Fe .vsterns: freo
pass
pipllllili
Stables. Farms Orchards Da Wes.^^
Farm and o« h »5*
865 woodcboppera. 2g _ tlen iaker3.
COOKS-WAITERS-PORTERS.
Cooks, hotels restaurarus. camp . $7Q
and ranches, city a ° < L c^ l £/ un * tr y. $25 to
#.£? SounSf ffihe^d^'eren? Job, $40 to
$90 and <°und. ated EveryTrh ere
Laborers and teamsters, many In San *ran
C>CC^l5 2 RR^Y^EADY : j34-636 Clay st.
CABINETMAKERS. ISMW'^
Kr^retK: S^nfSUr. 13
5u^5SrSSJ! 5^ SSU 2 boy. learn
PalnUn S'LDMEXICO-FREE FARE.
Carriage trimmer, boss here. $63 fi
Gang edgerman. lumber C^« n0 £fL,!d
Coal miners. Oregon, free *««'_! n^3 e £ e e k .
Waiter $40: waiter, coffee nouse. 9" wee*.
tinsmith. $3 to^^day.^
2 machinists, fare 60c $3 «<> day-
Porter, city ealoon, *««*•«•
PLUMBERS. ,
8 plumbers, country. 3-month steady Job, *4.
FOREMAN
For orchard, to start $50 *"«& „„ Bt _
MURRAY & READY. u>4-636 Clay Bt.
155 ITALIANS, new R. R. work.
155 Greeks, new R. R. work.
155 Austrlans, new R. R. vr '?^ fnn „,_ .»
MURRAY & READY. t34-630 Clay mz.
628 Sacramento st.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
620 Sacramento St. •«?• _ B .
, "¦ Phone Main 1101— Cor. Leidesdorlt St.
Chico. Butte Co half fare: 2- 2 and 4
horse teamsters. $2 2^ and $J 50, bar P°""
and yardman, hotel, fare pald.^ 52o. f°V n( i.
bell boy. $15, found, city; 2 plow teamsters.
$10 found; 2 farmers. $20 f . oun , d : .^ 4 « farV
4 laborers, clear and grub land. $1 40 fare,
$2 23; cook. city. $30; waiter, solicitors, city;
4 ranches to lease. .
WANTED— For U. S. army, able-bodied, un-
married men. between ages of 21 and 33. citi-
zens of United States, of good character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write English. For information apply to Re-
cruiting Officer. Rialto building. New Mont-
gomery st.. San Francisco, or Masonic bulld-
lng. Sacramento. Cal.
BUTCHER boy wanted, between 17 and 20
years to drive butcher wason and make
himself generally useful; wages $7 a week.
Apply at 202 Eddy Bt. afte(f 9 a. m.
WHY pay big price* to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get It done for .ttc. OOa
and 60c while you wait at 5«3 Mission St..
bet, let and 2d sts.. or 11 Third st.?
WANTED — First-class fancy goods man to go
to Stockton: state age, experience and salary
expected. Apply box 4732. Call.
WANTED— First-class men's furnishing good*
man to go to Stockton; state age, experience
and salary expected. Applj box 4731. Call.
TINNERS and sheet metal workers. Apply
7 o'clock sharp 40 East st
TINSMITHS wanted. Apply 17 Drumm Bt.
WANTED — Hand finishers on men's . straw
hats. Union Hat Co., 573 Mission st.
The lad and the man with hands on his knees,
As shown in the sketch, are like as two peas.
The youngster looks up to the darkly garbed sage
And gives the respect that is due to ripe age.
The man tells the boy, who is eager of brain.
That the way to success is open and plain;
That in every line of business life.
To get a fine job, to find a good wife, .
To hire men or girls who will orders obey
And give cheerful service by night or by day.
The best of results from ads large or ads small
Are certain as death if the ad's In The Call.
'^ »^^^ »*^^^"^ *"^Exchequer ... 11 12 Syndicate .... 04 06
Gould t Cur. ;2O 21 1 Union Con 36 37
Hale * Norc. 48 60} Utah .:...... 11 12
Lady Wash... — 041 Yellow Jacket 27 2S
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask J- . . Bid.As*.
Esperanza ... — C2;Ton Belmont. — 93
Gold Mt Con..- — 05] Ton & Cal.... — 21
MacNamara . 09 13} Ton of Nev... 5 75 7 00
Mlzpah ...... 20 Ton N Star.. 34 25
Mont Ton... 1 10 1' 12*4; Ton Midway.. 35 37
New York Ton 01 0i I Ton & S Lake — 65
Paymaster ... 05 (Hi, United Ton... — 12
Rescue ...... 03 051
500 Andes 14 300 Kentuck 03
100 Belcher 15 200 Mexican 60
S00 Bullion 07 100 Occidental ... 35
200 Caledonia ... 82 100 Occidental ... .04
, 200 Chollar 09 300 Ophlr 130
300 Ccn Cal * Va 89 400 Sliver HUJ..- 54
1000 Con N York.. 04) 100 Utah 11
Afternoon Session.
100 Con Cal & Va DC 200 Mexican 62
500 Exchequer ... 11 200 Ophlr 1 40
100 Gould & Cur. lfc 500 Potosl 09
COO Gould & Cur. ¦ 20 20O Savage 13
100 Julia 0« 100 Union Coa 35
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales on th« Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
•>';*-•'>¦' Morning Session.
1000 Alpha Con... W 1100 Ophlr 135
300 Belcher 15 700 Overman .... 13
1100 Caledonia ... 81 S00 Savage 13
400 Con Cal & Va 88 500 Sierra Nevada 27
200 Crown Point.. 13 fiOO Silver Hill 55
1000 Exchequer ... 11 200 Union Con.... 34
300 Exchequer ... 12 30f> Union Con.... 35
1000 Justice .-. 11 "00 Yellow Jacket 27
300 Ophlr 1 30
Afternoon Session.
200 Caledonia ... 8311800 Potosi ....... 09
50 Con Cal & Va 80j 200 Savage * 13
600 Gould & Cur. 20 BOO Union Con.... 3fi
100 Mexican 62 1100 Yellow Jacket 27
150 Ophtr 1 35 300 Yellow Jacket 28
200 Ophlr 1 40;
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales en the San ¦
Francisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yes
terday:
| Morning Session. -^
5000 Esperanza ... Oil 500 Ton & Cal... 20
100 Montana Ton.l 1W 200 Ton N Star.. 34"
100 New York Ton 05| •,_-• • j[ i
Afternoon Session.
COO Draper 14(1000 Montana. Ton. 110 :
50 MacNamara . HH1500 Ton N Star.. 35
100 Montana Ton. 1 0.1|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, Nov. 24 — i p. m .
• - : , • . Bid. Ask.] Bid. Ask.
Alpha ....... W OS.JuIia 0« 07
Alta ......... 01 02 Justice 10 11
Andes . .-. 14 15 Kentuck ..... 02 03
Belcher i5 17[Keyes — 1 SO
Best tt Belch.1-20 1 30; Mexican 61 63
Bullion i. 07 I* j Occidental ... 32 34
Caledonia.... 82 84,Ophlr 140160;
Challenge Coa" IT l»;Overman .... 12 13 1
Chollar 09 lOtPotoa OS (».
Confidence... 70 TSISava*: .. ,13 14
Con Cal & Va 91 P2f Scorpion *<n 03
Con Imperial. - OS 03 Seg Belcher. .. 05 06 1
Con N York.. 03 04i Sierra Nevada 28 29
Crown Point.. 12 13| Stiver Hill.... 54 56"
Eureka Con.. — 50jSt Louis...... n (
Charles E-, CnarUs W. and Harriet R. Hasel
tine to Elizabeth G. Buckley, lot on S line of
Green street. 137:0 E of Sansome. E 9% Inches
by S 50. quitclaim deed; $5. •
- Elizabeth G. Buckley to Isaac H. Morse, lot
on SW corner of Green and Battery streets. W
137:6 by S 50; $10. '_" ••;">- , .
• G Cc^ta to Mine, lot on W line of 'Battery
street 50 S of Green, S 43:8 by W 137:6, quit
claim' deed: $10. .Y-iL;
J Cuneo Company to same, name; $16,000.
Jesse D. Carr to Samuel E. KUner and Du
mont Clark (trustees estate Frederick Billings),
lot on NW corner of North Point and Dupont
streets N .137:6 by W 137:6. NB block 12; $10.
Samuel E. Kllner and Dumont Clark (trustees
Frederick Billings)) to William Tracy, same;
Louis M and Katie Juhl to Giovanni Picettl.
lot - on . E .- line of Stockton street, ' 40:6 S of
Chestnut, S 25 by E M:6; $10. , . ;
Saverlo Farente to Mary Panella, i Louis, Joe
and Anthony Parente, lot on W, line of Powell
street, 50 S of Francisco, S 25 by W- 87:6; $10.
Jane T. Egan to Jessie W. Robson, lot on N
line of Bernard street, 137:6 W of Jones, W 23
i F.' Humphrey to W. Laurie Sanford. ,
lot on S line of Washington street. 106:6 E of
Hvde E 28 by S 137:6; $10. • -.^ - ;
Estate of Jane Tiffany. alla«,Tiffaney (by Sa
blna Kendall, executor) to Rosa Constant, lot
on S line of Union street. 22:6 E of Larkin. E
23 by S 67:6: $2300. * . - . . -
Henry Joost to Landry C. Babin and Samuel
Crosier, lot on NW line of Folnom street. 105
NE of Thlrd.'NE'25 by NW 160; $10.
Annie Cooper to Lus Cooper, lot on NE line
of Fifth street, 250 SE of Folsom. SE 25 : by
NE 100: gif t. ¦¦•• • ' - , - ¦"'- "¦' "- ¦ "- - -;-""¦¦-.' • ¦
-' Alfred E.- Blake to Marie L. Blake, lot on E
I line of Sixth avenue,' 209 i N of Lake street, K
25. E 127:5%, SW 25:0V4.iW 128:1%: gi/t
'. Albert - : Meyer to Horace V. " and Annie - 1*.
Louise J. Tnidell to Ermlnla . A." Davidson
(wife of James), lot on E line of Pond street,
2C2:6 S of Sixteenth, S 25 by.. E 68:9; $10.
John O'Brien to Rcsanna J. Espel, lot on W
line of Noe street, 25 N of Henry, N 51 by W
00; $10. '
Annie and Louise McElroy to William Hol
land lot on NE corner of Clipper and Church
streets, E 101:10 by N 31:6; $10. ¦ .
William A. and Grace G. Lange to T. S.
Downar, lot on NW corner of. Carl and Willard
streets. W 100 by N 33: $10.
Same to Edwin McAfee, lot on S line of
Frederick street. 27:6 W of Willard, W 27:6
by S 100; ?10.
William A. and Grace G. Lange to Susan
E. Norris. lot on SW corner of Frederick and
Willard streets, W 27:6 by S 100; $10. -
Katie Sandhas to Giovanni B. Devincenzi. lot
on E line of Collins street, 175 S of Geary,' S
56 by E 120, block B, Junlpero Homestead; $10.
Mary A. Luke to Annie Luke, lot on N line
of Pine street. 110 W ot Webster. W 25 by N
87:6: $ 10.
Mary H. Cunningham to Hannah Gerstle. lot
on S line of Broadway. 137:6 E of Stelner. E
47 :C by S 137:6; $10.
Alfred Shepbard to Adam Gllliland, lot on
S line of Vallejo street, 112:6 W of Pierce, W
25 by S125; $10.
.. O. H. Greecewald to Owen M. Brennan. lot
on N line of Washington street, 137:6 W of
Lyon. W 57:7% by N 127:8%; $10.
Robert and Christine F. McMillan to Celia
G. Hewea (wife of M. S.), lot on NE corner
of Hayes and Shrader streets. N 27:6 by B
U0: $10.
¦M. S. Hewes to same, same; gift.
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 24.
BF,AT> ESTATE THANSACTIONS.
Morning Session
The following were the sales on the. San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Mining Stocks.
Will Continue Street Inspection.
OAKLAND, Nov. 24.— The City Coun<*
cil has authorized the Mayor to con
tinue the appointment of. a street and
sidewalk inspector for two months. N.
"W. Denton has been holding the posi
tion.
OAKLAND, Nov. 24.— Mrs. Helen N.
Webb -was committed to the Stockton
Insane Asylum this morning by the In
sane Commission, which convened in
Judge Hall's courtroom. She is the
wife of a contractor of Berkeley, and
her Insanity Is at times of a violent
nature.
Mrs. Helen WeBb Insane.
SALES.
Morning Session.
2000 Associated 20
200 Reed Crude (old Issue)...'. 40
3500 Lion 03
Street —
100 Home, s 60 87%
Afternoon Session.
Board —
2O4 Associated *. 19
f.00 Monarch _ 45
f.O Monarch .......> 47
10 Peerless 13 75
Kern River 10 00 13 0O
Lion 05 M
Monarch (of Arizona) 45 46
Monte Crt«to «J>
Occidental of W Va 18 20
Oil City Petroleum 27 28
Peerless 13 50 14 00
Plttsburg »
Reed Crude (old Issue) 40
S F & McKlttrick 2 75
San Joaquin O & D 4 0O
Senator <>3 T5
Sovereign *° •••"
SUrllng 2 70 2 85
Superior 05
Thirty-three TOO 8 CO
Toltec 23
Twenty-eight 4 20 4 3O
West Shore 2 SO
Associated Bonds 53 »0
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Impt 1 50
Alameda Sugar 2S 00
American Biscuit 85 00
American District Tel
Cal Gas & Electric Corp
Cal Cotton Mills 8S 00
Cal Jockey Crab.. 105 00
Cal Shipping Co 22 00
Cal Title Ins & Trust 130 00 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland 60 00
Chutes Comrany S 00
Cypress Lawn Imnt Co 6 60
Fischer's Theater 2 00 2 25 -
Gas Consumers" Assn 22 50
Honolulu Sugar 14 60 16 00
Northern Cal Power J> 00
North Shore Railroad
Orpheum Company • 1« 25
Pacific States Tel & Tel 115 00
Parafflne Paint 33 00
San Francisco Drydoek 47 00
Sanitary Reduction Works... 1 00 2 00
Sausallto Land & Ferry 1« 00
Sperry Flour Co 27 60 30 00
Standard. Electric J 18 00
Tesla Coal Co ; 32 50
Trucke« Electric .' 13 25
Union Sugar 22 50
United Gas & Electric..'. 34 50
Continued From Page Thirteen.
OAKLAND, Not. 24.— In compliance
with an order issued by the Supreme
Court on October 30, Dr. Andrew J.
Powell of Haywards paid the clerk of
Department No. 1 the sum of $900 last
Monday. The sum was the amount of
an insurance policy carried by Archi
bald Miller, who was at one time en
gaged with Dr. Powell in the business
of importing cigars. Dr. Powell claim
ed that Miller owed him $2000 on a Joint
debt incurred in the business, but thft
court ruled that the insurance money
could not be held for a. debt.
Pays Money as Ordered.
OAKLAND, Nov. 24.— A number of
local artists met yesterday evening for
the purpose of forming an association
of professional artists In Alameda
County. The object of the association
is the general advancement of art on
this side of the bay. Chairman God
dard Gale. Secretary Edward Hill and
J. M. Grlffln were appointed a commit
tee to secure a permanent meeting
place. The following were among those
present: James M. Griffin, Sidney J.
Yard, Warren E. Rollins. Edward R.
Hill, Edwin Dekin. H. T>. Gremke. Thad
"Welsh. Mrs. L. P. Welsh. Levina B.
Hill, Goddard Gale. Edward J. Ixragh
and Thomas H. Rabjohn.
Artists Form Association.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
D. Richard Martens (widower). Albert H.
Reich] Insr (slnxle) and LllHe H. Theurkauf to
Fannie D. Lake (wife of F. W.). undivided
five-sixths Interest In let on W line of Linden
street. 70 N of Elgrhth. W 115 by N 60. except
ing u»fc of water from wen on property of
Francis Relcblln* in his lifetime, then known
as flit Linden street. Oakland; $10.
D. Richard Martens (tuardian of the estate
of F. R., Anita L and Richard O. or Richard
Martens, minors) to same, all Interest being
undivided V> interest in same with tame ex
ception. Oakland; $1166.
Richard J. Montgomery to Anthony McMil
lan, lot on E line- of Grove street, 144.10 N of
Forty- first. N 64.94 by E 90. lots 3 and 4.
block 2090. map of Central Oakland Tract. Oak
land: $10.
Ellen Montromery (widow) to same, lot 3S.
S 25 feet of lots 42 to 46, block 2090. same
map. Oakland: $10.
John A. Munson to Louisa Munson (wife),
lot on E line of Telegraph avenue. 1Z4.5C 3 of
Falrvieur street. E 129.37. S 3d W 137.O, H
31.14, lot 2, Map No. 1, Moller Tract, Oakland;
gift. > .
Solomon Kahn (widower) to Lude B. Butter*
(wife of H. A.), lot on S line of Tenth street.
174 W of Telegraph avenue. NW 1 foot. SW
110.78. SE 2.31. NB 112.S7. Oakland; $10.
Georpe and Carrie R. Sterling (wife) to Ellen
Montgomery (widow), lot on S line of Forty
sixth street 365 E of Linden. E 50 bv S 100.
beins E »4 of lot 10 and W V, at lot 11. block
2107, Alden Tract at Temescal, Oakland; *10.
Richard M. and Lucy H. Anthony to
Charles H. Hopkins, lot on SE comer of Ade
line and Twenty-sixth streets. S 2ff*.:6 by R
254 belnc N l<, of block 041; also lot on SE
corner of Chestnut and Twenty-sixth streets.
S 2C3:6 by E 264. beiwt X V, of block <U0:
also lot on "W line of Linden street. Sl:9 S
of Twenty-fourth S 50 by W 105. block R33:
al*o lot on E line of Chestnut street. 81:fl S
of Twenty- fourth S 50 by E 132. block «33:
also lot on W line of Chestnut street. 163:6
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Em
ma R. Koster (widow), lot in cemetery. Oak
land Township ; $7&.
A. W. Wilson (by James B. Barber Tax Col
lector) to O. L. Fitz. lot 7. block C. Klink
nerville Tract, tax deed, Oakland Township;
Same owners with Blller A Qualman (eon
trartors), architects same— Carpentery, plas
tering, painting and glazing for same on same;
SS031.
Alameda County.
"The United Realty ComDany (owners) with
Thomas W. Butcher (contractor), architects
Hemenway £ Miller— Brick work for a seven
story building on NE corner of Third and Sher
wood streets. N 25 by E 77:6; $11,340.
Same owners with Thomas H. Day's Sons
(contractors), architects same — Carp«nter work
for same on same; ?S!HK)
Batrd estate (owners) with M. F. Gal« (con
tractor), architects same — -Brick and terra cotta
work for a five-story building on N line of
Mission street. SO E of Fourth. E 25 by N ICO;
$ 1 1 , SJ*O.
Carter, lot on E line of Eighteenth avenue. 200
Nof I street. N?5byE 12«: $10.
William H., Grace M., Samuel M.. William
H. Jr., George S. Crim, etc.. as trustee under
estate of Samuel Crim, to Louise M. Ogborn
(wife of Joseph B.). lot on W line of Twelfth
avenue. 275 S of I street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Relda Mote, lot
on-S line of J street. 82:8 E of Tenth avenue,
E 37:6 by S 100; $10.
Mary E. Sexton to Daniel W. Sexton, let on
W line of Lee avenue. 250 N of Holloway. N 25
by W 112:6. lot 39. block 3. Lakevlew; $5.
Stephen R. Doyle (by J. V. Elchbaum, com
missioner) to Provident Mutual Loan Assccia
t w L U lot on ™ Un * of Farallones street. 350 W
of Plymouth, W 60 by N 125. lot 7. block M.
Railroad Homestead: $1649
George and Harriet E. Thlstleton to Samuel
and Matilda Moffett. lot on N line of Faral
!°nes street. 375 W of Plymouth. W 25 by N
125. lot 7. block M. same; $10.
• Builders' Contracts.
Rachel Searles t widow) to John Dittle. lots
II to 14. each said lots 4f>, on Orchard a»e
nue bv t30, Searles Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
Eva M. Atwel! (single) to Kittle E. Hardln.
lots 32 to :i5. block R. map Laurel Grove
Park. RroHilyn Township; $10.
Louiw M. and Charles or Charles A. Keeler
(husbanrf) to A. A. Sedgwtck W 4 feet of lot
15. block A. Batchelder Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Anna F. and Arno F. El<1ri<.1g<» to Elizabeth
Jenkins, lot on E line of Phattuck avenu«
(since widened to W feeQ, 9.1.71 S of Delaware
street. S 40 by E 53. portion lots 9 and 10.
block A. Percy Tract deed and agreement.
Berkeley; $10.
Genevra E. and Walter E. Magee to J. C.
Ford, lot beginning at stake 6 in center Ur«
of Panoramic way. thene» PE to X lino land
conveyed to Frederick H. Clark. SIS P. 2».
thf-nce E to point to center line Panoramic
way. distant S£ 10:0 from station 19. NW
along said center line. etc.. to point which
would be Intersected by line extended NIJ
from stake No. 6, thence SW 219 to begin
ning, being pcrtion lots 9 and 10. University
Terrace. Berkeley; $lc<o
Union Saving* Bank to George U. Cunning
ham, lot on S corner of Ninth avrnue and
East Flft?ent!> street SE 100 by SW 110.
block 60. Clinton, etc.. East Oakland: $10.
James E «nd Annie E. White tr> Henry and
Bertha von Hagen. lot on NE line of East
Seventeenth street, 110 :>4 SE of Twenty-sec
ond av>nuc. SE 40 by NE 140. lot 6 and por
tions 5 and 7. block 64. San Antonio, East
Oakland; $10.
Ft-rdinand Koeatg (widower) to Guisepp*
Gazzo. lot or» SE rorr.er of Nineteenth and
Peralta streets, E 122:9. S 52:l ! ~. W 130. X
53:11. block 6C3. Boardman Map. Oakland;
?10.
C. M. and Louise L. Cook (wife) to Mrs.
Annie M. Clisby, lot en E line of Telegraph
avenue. 50 N of Prospect avwnoe. N 43. E
100.25. S 45, W 100.1S. lot 2 map McClure
Academy Grounds Oakland; *10.
John W. Baker to lZmma Baker (wife), lot
on N line of East Twentieth street. 24:>.6fi B
of Twenty-fourth avenu*. E 35 by X ISO.
block M. Ad Associates Tract East Oakland;
gift. *
S of Twenty-fourth. S 25 by W 127. block «12;
also lot on W line of Chestnut street. 2«tJ:«
N of Twenty-seeond. N 50 by W 127. block
632; alro lot on E line of Chestnut street. 73
S of Thirty-sixth S 00 by E 122. portion low
5 and 6, block e><2. map No. 2. Watts Tract;
also lot on NE corner ot Eighteenth and Pe
ralta streets. E 112:5 N 10S:i». W 76. S ICS
block 6C5. B. Basse Tract; also lot on SW
corner of Fifth and Cyprei-s streets. W ICfi.W.
N 1SC.W. etc, E 101.19, S 13S.S3. block 4'J.t,
Oakland: $10.
15
THE SA!N FBAKCISCO CALL. WED-SESDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1903.
J|gc Dr.R.L.Walsh
JSrjHi \*v AM rue me J dtattl rxtetisa
ik V; 847 Geary St
tlrecfy opposite Suttsg* E»I1
Reduced Rates for Thirty Days
Painless Extraction 25c
LOOK T 0K THIS AD. EACH OTHXB DAT.
Fillings. .. ....... ..50c
Crowns. . . . . . $2.00 to $5.00
Plate Work ... $5.00 to $25.00
OCEAN TRAVEL.
J?s^. Steamers leave San Fran-
/Al^-^wis eisco *• follows:
/U&Z Xi*V For Ketchlkan. ¦Wraisgel.
j£t/rc@C96t \-*\ Juneau. Haines. Skag-way.
f I vKsSa \ 1 etc -. Alaska— 11 a. m.. Nov.
\ \ \w£kA/ / —. -"'• E**- -¦ Change to
Vf\ \Y company's steamara at 3eat-
X^XjeCW/ For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
coma, Everett, Wbatcom — 11 a. m., Nov. 22. 27.
Dec. 2. Change at Seattle to this company'*
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seatt!»
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P.
Railway.
For Eureka (HnmboUt Bay) — Pomona. 1 :30
p. m.. Nov. 24. 30. Dec. 6; Corona. 1:30 p. ra..
Not. 21. 27. Dec. 3.
For Los Angeles (v(a Port Los Aagelea and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa. Barbara — San-
ta Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m. ¦*
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles 'via San Pedro and East
Saa Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Crux. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (Saa
Luis Oblspc), Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Nov. 25. Dec. 3.
Bonita. 0 a. ra.. Nov. 21. 29. Dee. 7.
For Eosenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jcae del
¦ Cabo. Maiatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Ro-
' salia. Guaymaa (MexO. 10 a. m.. 7th of eac.i
¦ month.
For farther Information obtain folder.
Fight is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates.
TICKET omenss — t New Montroxn-
: ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
: Broadway wharves.
Freight office, 10 Market street.
C. D, DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
- 10 Maiket street. San Francisco.
O. /?. & N. CO.
••Colombia" «all« Nov. 19. 29. Deci 9 19.
29. "George W. Elder" sails Nov. 24. D#c
4. 14. 24. Only steamship line to PORTLAND.
OR., acd short rail line from Portland to all
points East- Through tickets to all points,
all rail or steamship and rail at LOWEST
RATES. Steamer tickets include berth and
meals. Steamer sails foot of Sp«ar st. at 11
a. in. 8. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept..
1 Montgomery st: C. CLIFFORD. C«a. Agt.
Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery it.
TOYO KISEN XAISHA.
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.>
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. ra.. for TOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hiogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
5. S HONGKONG MARU
'..'.....: Thursday. December 3 1903
S S. NIPPON MARU (calling at Manila)
Wednesday. December 30. 1903
S. S. AMERICA MARU
.— .'...............Monday. January 23 190*
Via Honolulu. Roand-trtp tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
t>any*s office. -421 Market Btreat. corner First
*~ W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
AAAHnf AC C TA «*i»mi. wi!(u, tea
S S. ALAMEDA. for HonofcUuJs'ov.28.11 a.ra.
S* S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Dec 1.11a.m.
8 S. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday. Dec 10, : p. m.
il.tft!XtHSft im.Cl. «gtL,Ittst8Rk8.l43 lanra
fogtBCcLSlI SvUSLfbrla. l.tu&tL
*.0X?ASNIE (TCIXXAZ.S TKAS3ATLA5TXQ17S
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PjCRIS. jm|w
Sailing every Thursday Instead of 4*J35?*)
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. ¦*' a *'
North River, foot of Morton street.
" Flrst-cla** to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FUQAZI * CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents & Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets* sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
VUlx* I«Iana and Vallejo stt an«n.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9-45 a. m. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo.
1 a. m." 12:30 and 8 p. xn.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day" 7 a m« 4:15 9. m. Fare. 60 ceats. T*L
Main 1508, Pier 2. Mlsslon-st. dock. HATCH
*tO\n> TO 1.OA5! Con tinned.
• FER <*«U oa furniJuiv or piano. i003 Mu-
tual Savings Bank b'.'i?.. 7C-S Market st.
Al-*~. '.oans en dtarooncl*: and je-a-plry 2 p*r cent
• . B. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearny.
?TAH Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
•slaripd .-mployes. H. 311. Mutual Bav.P,k.b:d.
. AFH losr-fi salaried rx^rle on notes without
¦ ntlorjfr. MOKELL. <XS» Examiner fcldg.
MfMCAL IXSTRUUKXTS^
.-.. Nf a piar.o tcr $3 per month; r-t allow six
rror.rt*' rental cf the curchaee price I* you
¦rlrti to buy: tfcis gives* you *ix months' trial
cf the ir.fvr-jn-.tnt for nothing; If the piano
,er.ttJ d*s "->t *»'t we allow tb« rental on
aay testrujneat in cur ttoree; with «uch goodt
ut'ibe ilcPhail of Boston, the Schiller and
, -^r own nitke to select fr«n we can guar-
ustec eaiitUction to every cne in quality
C price *n"i terms. S«e the Scott-Curtai
Eijou." the *mallest fu'.l scale piano in «»n
rrar Cisco. SCOTT-CURT AZ PIA2CO CO
Z.itaS't* liaye* =t-
llX urrtrfct* cm ow bargain slate to-<Say—
Collar*. $33: Filsher. $00; Shermaa & Hvda.
H»; W*t*r. ftt; Kimbaa. JUS; MaasSeld A
y :r ;. ¥125; Haynes, $150; American ties-
oring. $167; Emerson. J172; 'Miller'
f - -2 PuiawtyB. large and amall size »1S5
i S3>0; Heine, large style, ellghtly used.
f ' Rents f2 up. apply on purchase; ln-
xCaaettta *4 up. HEINE PIANO CO.. 233-
• - Oeanr et.; Oakland branch. Fifteenth and
Iwmy. old P. O. Bldg. Largest exclu-
>¦ and retail dealers ot the West.
A CAB1OAD of beautiful Draper Eros pianos
. • rt^-eived. They are offered as the beet
.: -. in the rrarket for the price. $300. We
also a fine assortment ot Behr.Bres:
at Baunwieter pianos. Simplex Piano Piay-
jr* ar.d ail kinds of musical instruments
",J.<t ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC COMPANY!
7C9 iiarket st. . ,*
A FINE lot of second-hand uprights from $29
up. including such ouJces as Chickertng.
\"c*e. Kiwger. (Turtax. Klrkham. Pea»».
Htrtmta, Marshall & Wendell. liaui and
ethers. BEXJ. CURTAZ & SOX. IS O'Far-
re'.l tt. No branches la Saa Francisco.
BAND toBtrumects; F. Bcsson. Paris, maker;
Gus MaJwtld. Agt. Pac Coast. 278 O'Farrell:
tk'.llful repairing; 2d-hand Instruments sold.
A MASSIVE solid walnut case Estey organ,
two barks of k«r» an<! pedal base; coet $750;
your own price. BOWERS A nON. 1 1 Mason.
ALMOST new upright ; cheap: cash or instail-
taeat. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
A 6TECK wsright mahogany, nearly new;
taust be aold. 216 McAllister rt.
BEAUTTF"UX, 3-peda! Bteinway upright piano;
3 perfect order: sacrifice. Keeffe'e,2S5 CFarrelU
, Cnredeemed etorajpe ptasoa and furniture dirt
cheap. Wh!tehead 6torage. 1C36 Market st.
EOIIMER. Byron Mauzy piano*. Ocilian piano
Flayer. BTRON MAUZT. 308-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR viclics, rlthers. eld and new. BL
MI'LLER. maker. rer^alTT. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AXD STORKS TO LET.
6TORE with large basemeat: below Hearcy
rt.t rert $C0. Apply 636 day st.. room 1.
PERSONALS.
A SPECTAL LOW RATE 30 DATS ONLT—
M. ELLA HARRIS.
To ail whom I have made price* to «ince
Jan. 1. 1903. & for the ensuing 30 days only,
I will mak« a liberal reduction from all
prices lor my epecisl fieep-Trrinkle treatment.
The lady who has been on exhibition in
the drug store windows may be seen at my
ofSce this week from 10 to 5.*in order to ac-
oomncKiaie those have requested to ex-
amine the face more thoroughly in private.
M. EX.LA HARRIS.
TSI O'Farrell St.. near Larkin. Caller write
for book explaining method.
. E A RON'S CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE.
VdSBff ladies rtesdlly employed can have
liaroti s cloaks, cults, furs acd tailor-made
Full* to order, in weekly or monthly pay-
m«Tiis plan, at regular marked rrices. Con-
vince yourself by calling en BARON, 7C2
Uarkt-t st.
T>i" Star Hair Remedy restcirs gray hair, iin-
prove* it5 growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching scalp: no etaia or stickiness;
clousaes *ca!p;at drurgistc'. liair<lress<*rs' ; ac-
eept no subftitute. Star Remedy Co.,1338 Polk.
NOT how cheap but how good Is the motto of
the rr.ar.ufaeturf-rs of the Rapid Rotary
ftar.dard. tfce sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVAN?, agent. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN, 15 years* experience, cures s>er-
rr.MTier.t!y morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
aodress Centra! Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.,
ct rTitr Butter st. ; fee moderate.
I •::".VKrx.Vli?S, morphine and all drug ais-
eaees positively cured ty Willow Bark Co.,
1S38 Pott PL; conFUltatlcn free; call or write.
ICASSAdE, hand-rubbing treatment; face vl-
fira.ii 1 ry machine: genuine tube. Prof, llorris.
406 <>ir>' St.. nr. ilsu^oo; nurse assuoar.i.
AT !•*»¦* than cost, uncalled for euits, orer coats
aed trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
T&V.rrr. 721 Market st.
LIQUOR habit cured in 2 days or no charges;
rus.ra.ntee.5. Acme Liquor Cure Co., 997 Mar-
ket ft., room 1X3.
EI-E'jANT suits on easy install meets; 50 cect«
and vp per week- LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
fcrt st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
DANCING Tuetdar. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day *vgs.. Teutcsia Hall. Howard et.. cr.
J'lh; Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
X. X. — Do come home. Tour N. X.
MASQUERADE costumes, play bock*. w!r*:
cour.tr? orfler*. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. "S3 Mkt.
ANDERSON — Elegant theatrical and masquer-
¦ ade cortumes rw.ted. 2€ O'Farrell Et.
SUITS to order on Installments, tl p«r week.
tSmtOmOM & Co., rnerch. tailors. 727-723 5Iark*t.
SUPERFLUOUS hair tt moles rtrnovM by elec-
tric needle. Dr. A Mrs. Tra verse.. 1170 Market.
THE be« place to boy good umbrellas or have
them covered cr repaired is 120 Stockton et.
TAILOR-MADE «u!t ?7 W); dress pants $2 L0.
M'.gf.t Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDL'WS Egyptian Henna restores rray
hair to Its natural color; $1 ; at all drugglf-ts".
Firperfiuous hair and moles removed with elec-
trr needle. Mir. & Misg Eaton. 1119 gutter.
PALMTiTRY.
MME. DEVAf, scientific palmist and astrolo-
Fft.; palm re&dlngs $1; 3 Questions by ex-
preae, $1: «pen Tu»-s<iay eve. also. 133 Post st
MME. NEERGAARD has moved to her new
bldg., 2i2 Poet;phone James 1; mail readings.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist, 51»
Taylor *t-, near Geary. Phone Black 561.
PAPEB.HAAGIXG. PAJXTIAG. ETC.
ROOMS papered, f 3 SO up: tinting, painting.
Harttr.am Paint Co.. 819 8d »t.; tel. Mais 413.
PHYSICIANS AAD SCItGEOSS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and reeidene*,
1021 Vi Market «t.. bet. Cth and StU particu-
lar attention paid to diaeacea of women.
£LOOD. Ekin and rectal diseases a specialty.
PR- BALL. 1073 H Market st.
EEMO^D-DIL WONG HIM. herb doctor.
treats t'.l disease* of the human body; for
part four years at 115-117 Maaon: now lo-
cated at 667 Geary rt.. near Leavesworth.
DR. TONG PO CHT. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tl.'. , herb doctor, cures all diseases *¦; human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington at.
DR. H. C. WONG. 7l» Post St.; all diseases
cored by Chinese herb«; consultation free.
WONG WOO. the fuioui b«rt> doctor^ — All dl»-
e«»e» cured by Chinese herb*. 74C-S Clay »t-
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods rtored. moved, fhlfped. 725-
721 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant Id.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post ar.d Pomell »u.; tel. Privc. Ex. S71.
CONKLIX'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEV West Storage; advances made; £10
M>fion ft.; tel. Howard 9*1. F. W. Zehfui-e.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Corn-
ier: y. 2320 FlUEccre et. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
•t.; tel. Main 16*0- Shipping at cut rates.
£E\VI.\G aiACHXM2S AAD SUPPLIES.
JOEW HOME sewing machine: this week only;
$10. $15. t20- elightly u*ed; needle* 20c dot
NEW HOME P. M. CO. 10S1 Market st.
SPECIAL! »Tg^
CAT^R^R^rCD^AFNEsTana 1 NOISES In EAR3
posltlveiy cured: new method: 1 week'* treat-
rcent free. Dr. Ccttlr.gnam. 204 Setter «t.
TO U?T.
SHOEING, wacon and paint ehop. 22xS0. In-
quire in groc*rj'. couth wcat corner Geary and j
Brr*3ericJc r!s. ¦ »
TVFJ5WRITERS AAD SUPPLIES.
GEE^T~BARGAINS~In't1'PEWRITERS— We
•ell better machines for !*¦*« money than any
hous* la the city; rentals *3. The Typewriter
Excnasge. 536 California; telephone Main 2tftS.
tFEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery et. -
i'D-HAXD tyjx-irrlters kjM. rented, repaired.
Webster T«?ewrltcr Intpcc. Co., &CS Maxltet. '
ROOMS TO LKT— Fnrn. nnil Fnfnrn.
ROYAL Hou«>. 120 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor, rooms per night. 35c to $150; week, $2
to^ $8: month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor;. rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SUTTER. 1C22%. r^ar Hyde — 2 large sunny
parlors, with outside kitchen or laboratory.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy St.. nr. Market—
400 single and family rooms; 35c to $1 night;
$1 75 to $6 week; elevator; electric lights;
reading-room; free bus and basgage.
VAN NESS. 519— Handsome sunny furnished
suites and' single rooms; all conveniences.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. rear Market —
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms:
35c to $150 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
ROOMS AAD HOARD.
"^^^^^^^^TlOTiETr^BALT^MORE!
VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST. j
AMERICAN PLAN. '
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.. '-
SELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEL.
HOT AND COLD OCEAN WATER.
SPECIAL RATES BY THE MONTH. 4
MUXGER & ZEBERG. PROPRIETORS.
HARRISON. 570, 4 blocks from Palace Hotel —
Large room for 3 or 4 persons; also singles;
good home board $4 week.
HOTEL MARTINET, Geary st. and Van Ness
ave., has changed hands; hereafter conducted
first-class family hotel; table board specialty.
STEVENSON mansion. 807 California st.— At-
tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
strvlce ; lowest rates,
FIRST, 323 — Room and board. $4 50 per week;
home cooking; house changed hands.
ttUU.au AMJ 11UAUU WAJKTJBU.
WANTED — Room and board In good hotel at
?30 per month few a gentleman; north of
Market st. and west of Taylor. Address box
4060. Call office.
KtOiiS WA.VTED.
WANTED — By young man, room In private
Protestant family in vicinity of St. Luke'a
Church. Address Episcopal. 4730. Call.
STUTTERING AXD STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market— Curn
in every case; individual teaching: no medl-
dne. Inquire into wonderful cures ;home cure.
1'UOPdSALS.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS.
OFFICE OF THE BOARD OF STATE HAR-
bor Commissioners, Union Depot and Ferry
House, San Francisco, California, Novem-
ber 18. 1903.
Sealed proposals or bids will be received at
this ctfice at or prior to 2:15 o'clock p. m.
on Wednesday, December 23, 1903, for the
construction of a section of o>'a\vall and
wharf along same to be located between
King and Channel streets on the water
front of the City and County of San Fran-
cIeco. in accordance with tbe plans and
specifications prepared therefor by the Chief
Engineer of the Board and adopted by the
Board August '.'7, 1903, and on file In this
office, to which special reference is hereby
made. The work to be done under these
specifications consists in furnishing all ma-
terials and labor for constructing and erect-
Ing a stone seawall with* end embankments
and a wharf. It Is estimated that the sea-
wall and end embankments will contain
about 90,000 tons of stone; the wharf will
contain 36.000 square feet if wharf sur-
face. This section of the seawall will ex-
tend from the Intersection of the northerly
line of Channel street (prolonged easterly)
with the water front line, six hundred (COO)
feet northerly along said water front line.
The materials to be used for the construc-
tion of the seawall and end embankments
will consist of stone not subject to decom-
position nor disintegration by the action of
tea water or air.
Two classes of stone ¦will be recognized.
; The first class will Include stone of one or
more cubic feet In fair assortment cf sizes
between one and four cubic feet; no objec-
tion will be made to stone larger than four
cubic itet; this class of stone niust be free
of i.aiiis and marked lines of cleavage.
The second class will include stone of less
than one cubic foot. In assorted sizes, but
i no etone lees than five pounds will be ac-
cepted at the quarry.
Tbe materials for the construction of the
\rbarf will consist of tbe ie-quisite quanti-
ties of first class, close grained, liougias ,
yellow fir plies and yellow fir lumber (mer-
chantable quality), wire rope, wrought Iron '
bolts, spikes, etc., all of the best quality
and subject to a rigid examination.
No bid w ill be received unless It is made
on a black form famished frcm this offW j
and is accompanied by a certified check for
five per cent of the aggregate amount ot ¦
the bid. payable to the order of the Secre- I
tary cf the Board, as a guarantee on th« !
part of the successful bidder that he will !
within six (6) days after tbe acceptance of '
tbe bid enter into a written contract to do I
eald work, according to th« plans and spec- :
lficatlohs prepared therefor, and will also
execute and file with this Board a bond in
such sum as the Board may deem adequate
with a warety company, to be approved by j
the Board of State Harbor Cotnmtesioners
and conditioned for the faithful performance
of such contract: nor will said bis be con- ¦
sidered by this Board unless delivered to the I
secretary or to the assistant secretary at
the effice of the secretary, at or prior to
2:15 o'clock p. m. on Wednewlay, Decem-
ber 23. 1903. at which time and place the '
bids will be oDeced. i
The Board reserves tbe right to reject any or
all bids if deemed for the best interest of
the State.
Bidders are Invited to be present at the ODen-
ics of the bids. *^
CHAS. H. SPEAR.
JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK,
J. D. MACKENZIE.
Board of State Harbor Commissioners.
LOTT D. NORTON. Chief Engineer.
JOHN M. FOY. Secretary.
PROPOSALS— Bids wanted, Notice is hereby
river, that sealed proposals will be received
by the board of directors of the Veterans'
Home of California, at Its office, room 13, 320
Sansome st.. San Francisco, Cal., up to 11
¦ o'clock a. m.. SATURDAY. DECEMBER 5.
1903. and opened immediately thereafter In the
presence of bidders, for furnishing and deliv-
ering quartermaster and commissary supplies,
etc.. for the Veterans' Home, Napa County,
California (railroad station Yountvllle),for six
months, commencing Jan. 1, 1904, and ending
June 30, 1904. Schedules .with information
and instructions for submitting bids wlli be
furnished upon application by the under-
signed. Bidders will carefully follow the con-
ditions of the schedules, and no bid will be
considered unless It is in accordance with
such schedules. Bids on tea. coffee and sugar
must be made oa samples submitted. .No bids
will be received from partie* who are not
regular dealers In and carrying stock of sup-
plies on, which they bid. Each bidder must
accompany his bid with «. certified check
upon some well-known and responsible bank-
ing-house for at least 10 Dcr cent of the
amount of his bid, payable to C. Mason
Klnce. treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
¦ will enter into a good and valid contract
upon notice of acceptance, as required by law.
The board reserves the right to reject any or
all bids, and to order any quantity over or
under the amount ««peclfled. Address JOHN
F. SHEEHAN. Secretary of the Board of Di-
rectors of the Veterans' Home of California,
room 13, 320 Sansome street, San FrancUco,
Cal.
By order of the Boanl of Directors.
_JQHN-F. SHEEHAN, Secretary.
PROPOSALS for manufacture of clothing.
36 New Montgomery St.. San Francisco Cal..
Nov. 23, 1903. — Sealed proposals In triplicate
will be received here until 10 a. m., Decem.
ber 7, and then opened for the manufacture
of olive drab overcoats, service coats,
breeches and flannel shirts, as per U. S.
standard and specifications. All cloth, serge,
flannel and lasting to be furnished by the
U S. The contractor to furnish all other
materials and trimmings. Including buttons.
All patterns, cuttings and remnants to re-
main the property of the United States. The
United States reserves- the right to accept or
reject any or all proposals, or any part there-
of. Information and blank proposals fur-
nished on application. Envelopes containing
proposals should be indorsed. "'Proposals for
Clothing No. 9097," and addressed to MAJOR
C. A. DEVOL, Q. M.. U. S. A., Depot Quar-
. termafcter. -
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., Nov. 23, 1903. — Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here
uatll 12 o'clock, noon, December 23, 1903. and
then opened, for furnishing at San Francisco
Cal., Portland, Or., or Seattle or Tacoma'
Wash., for shipment to Manila* P. I., 8.&4O-
000 pounds oatn and 10,870,000 pounds hay
Government reserves right to reject or accept
' any or all bids in whole or In part. Inform-
ation furnished on application to WILLIAM
S. PATTEN. Assistant Quartermaster Gcn-
«ral. Chief Q. M.
MAKRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Frank E. Roblnaon. 49, Sebastopol, and E.
Lcuise Bennett, 42, El Paso. 111.
.William F. Fant. 29, 2305 Howard (street,
and Nellie E. Leonard, 26, 907% Mission st.
Thomas Brown, tiO, 457 Haigbt street, and
Catherine Bacon, 40, 444 Halght street, y.
. Ralph W. Peckham, 35, Chicago, and Annie
M. Mahlke. 31. city.
Robert P. Legge, 31, McCloud, and Irene
Farejon. 29, city.
Allen G. Searcy. 26, 1C31 Lyon street, and
Doris K. Brunkhorst, 19, 1815 Lyon street.
Joseph N. Rose, 30, 301 Leaven worth etreeV
and Genevieve M. Joseph. 25. 1605 Broderlck.
William J. Y. Ryfkogel, 21, 515%fDevlsa-
dero street, and Margaret F. Whelan, 18/ 1510
Eddy street. 1 > : - . ¦ * 1., -' - »., , ¦ . > »
John Coughlan, 23, G14 Guerrero street, and
Eva Sonne, IS, 10 Redwood court. ¦ ,-
.George A. Forrest, , 31, - 496 Fell' street, ' and
Catherine A. Barrett. 24, 576 Fell street.
Edward B. Flint, 25, 325 Ellis street, and
Margaret L. Tierriey, 25, 1527 Dolores street.
Albert J. Phillips, 2«,'- «09 Locust avenue;
and Emma C. Schlink. 20, 1310B Harrison St.
Henry Curtis, • 4U, city, and Alice Grada,
29. city.
Felix DasDit. 20, S90 Eddy street, and Mary
J. Mudd, 20, city. -
¦ G«orge R. Kerr, 26. 313% Ellis street, and
Alice E. Griffin, 25, 313»£ Ellis street.
Otto A. Klett, 25. 501 Post street, and Mol-
lle F. Robertson. 23. 402 Van Ness avenue.
Joslah W. Tillson, 32,1107^ Vallejo street,
and Elizabeth A. Best, 27, 1325 Pacific street.
John Marti, ' 25, city, and Rose Boehm, 20,
Seattle, .
Fred W. Mosier, 23, Stockton, and Sadie E.
Cole,'20.i city." '
Charles F. Schermerhorn, 31. Honolulu, H.
I., and Marie C. Lawler. 29, Portland, Or.
-Hiram H. C. Alexander, 28, 2015 Greenwich
street, and -Theresa E. Peszolo, 22, 223G Green-
wich street.
- Lidsey- A;- BnelJ. - 38. 2 Cottage Row, and
Florence E. Moldrup, 24, 1713 Webster street.
Charles M. Treraskls, 20, 36 Boyce street,
and Harriet H. Nleman, 19. 36 Boyce street.
August Wardman,. 30, 1350 Forty-ninth ave-
nue, and Ida E. Brown, 20, 130S Buchanan St.
; BIRTHS— MARRIAQES— DEATHS.
'Birth, marriage and , death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized- to. have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In thti column
free of charge. , - ¦ ' ¦
i 'B0BN.
BACIG ALUPI— In" this elty. November 16,
1S03, to the wife of Joseph Bacigaiupi, a
¦on.
KINZIE— In Treadwell, Douglas Island,
Alaska, November 20, 1903, to the wife of
R. A. Kinzle, a son. (
~ MAKRIED.
BRUXSTAD — OLSEN — In this city, November
21, 1803, by Uie Rev. O. Groensbent, Louis
O. Brunstad and Ollvle Olsen.
OLSEN — KRIHTENSEN— In this city, Novem-
ber 12. 190.S, by the Rev. O. Groensberg,
Jens Olsen and Gertrud Krlstensen.
TYLER— RUXDEL — In this city. November 21.
l'J03. by the Rev. H. H. Bell, Phllos H. Tyler
of New York City. N. Y., and Martha L.
Rundel of Waco. Texas. '
— IED
Notices of deaths are published fr»o \ of
charge. Additional matter, such at funeral
announcements, etc., is charged for.
Alter. Melvin - Miller, Henry
Bartlpv, George W. Mitchell, Emma O. "
Bassiliio, Catherine Munson, John A.
Blum, Jacob Nichols, William M.
Cavanaugh, Edward O'Hara, Edward
Clark, Mrs. Isabel O'Hare, Genevieve
Davis, Charles Power, Michael C.
Gendar, Edward F. Beam, Elszle
Griese, Elizabeth • Rodgers, William R.
Isaacs, Joshua L. Sanqulst. Mrs. J. U.
Kelley, Catherine Schulz, Ethel J.
Kruse, Henry H. Smith, Caroline
McConville, John J. Valencia, Mary A.
Matty, Mrs. Sarah R. Wolf. Jeanette
ALTER— In this city, November 23, 1903,
Melvin, twin brother of the late Jean R.
Alter, beloved eon of Fred and Laura Alter,
and brother of Harry K. Alter, a native of
San Francisco, aged 9 months.
BARTLEY — In this city, November 24, 1903,
George W. Bartley. a native of New York,
aged 42 years 5 months and 16 days.
BASSILLIO— In this city, November 23, 1903,
Catherine, dearly •beloved daughter of Mar-
garet Bassllllo and of the late Joseph Bas-
siliio, . and sister of Joseph, John, William
' and Clara Bassiliio and Mrs. George Brown,
and niece of Mrs. - George Nightingale, a
native of San Francisco, aged 21 years.
[C7"Frien<Js and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral on
Wednesday, at 8:15 o'clock, from her late
lesidence, 216 Union street, thence to St.
Francis Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencelng at 8:45 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cress Cemetery. t
BLUM— In this city, November 22, 1903, Jacob
Blum of San Rafael, beloved brother of Mrs.
Anna Schudel. John Blum, Mra. Verena
Hass and Marx Blum, a native of Canton
Schafhausen Beggingen, Switzerland, aged
47 years 11 months and 13 days. A mem-
ber of Tamalpais Lodge No. tiO, K. of P.,
and the Fraternal Order ot Eaatles No.-
206. (San Rafael papers please copy.)
{C7 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clocJc, from the parlors
of H. P. Petersen, 228 McAllister street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by elec-
tric funeral car from Eighteenth and Guer-
rero streets. .
CAVANAUGH — In Fruitvale, November 23,
1903, Edward, beloved son of Jane Cavan-
eugh, and brother of John Cavanaugh, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 37 years.
tCTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
' (Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the par-
• lors of'Carew &. Enrtlsh, 20 Van Ness ave-
nue. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CLARK — In San Rafael, Cal., November 23,
1SMJ3, at the residence of her soc-ln-law,
A. V. Pacheco. , 13C9 Fourth street. Mrs. Is-
abel Clark, a native of Buenos Ayres, aged
74 years and 27 days.
(ETTriendii and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to atund the funeral on
Wednesday, from her late r«-stdence, 1309
Fourth street, at 10 o'clock, thence to St.
Raphael's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will ba celebrated for the" repose
of her soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock.
Interment Mount Tamalpais Cemetery.
DAVIS— In Modesto, Cal., November 21, 1903,
Charles, btloved husband of the late Mamie
C. Davis of Turlock, father of Mrs. G. A.
Swett and the late Agatha Davis, son of
Captain C. Davis, and brother-in-law of T.
P. Kennedy of San Francisco, a native of
Alvarado, Cal., aged 48 years.
GENDAR— In this cilty, November 24. , 1903,
Edward F., beloved husband of Ann M. Gen-
dar, and father of Edward Jr., John .and
1 William Gendar. a native of New York City,
aged 90 years S months and 1 day.
K7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday). • at 1 o'clock, from the family
residence, 545 Stevenson street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by electric car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets. . ¦
GRIESE — In this city, November 24, 1903,
Elizabeth Griese, wife of the late Adolph
Griese, and mother of Mrs. B. Wilbrand and
Mrs. A, Kuhllng. a native of Oldenburg.
Germany, aged "65 years 6 months and ti
day.*. .
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her daughter, Mrs. B. Wilbrand. 113
Germania avenue, thence to St. Boniface's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her eoul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Crocs
Cemetery.
ISAACS — In this citv. November 24, 1903,
Joshua Laura Isaacs, beloved husband of
Sophia Isaacs, and father of Sarah Isaacs,
a native of Poland, aged 75 years.
KELLEY— In this city. November 24, 1903,
Catherine, beloved mother of Michael J.,
William 3. and Catherine Kelley, a native
of Ireland, aged 02 years.
ICTRemalns at the parlors of ilcFadden,
McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission street
between Seventh and Eighth. Notice of fu-
neral hereafter. .
KRUSE^ — In this "city, November^ 22, 1903.
¦ Henry H. Kruse, a native of Germany, aged
l>7 years and 4 days.
{C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the under-
taking parlors of Iaccherl, Duclos & Co.,
(i29 Broadway, between Dupont and Stockton
streets. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
McCONVILLE — In this city, November 23
1K03, John J., dearly beloved husband of
Mary G. McConviUe, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aced 38 years 4 months and 24 days.
(EyFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, TH Arlington street, thence to St.
John's Church. wh«re a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. Please omit . flowers.
MATTY— At Wright . station, November 24,
1903. Mrs. Sarah R. Matty, beloved wife of
A. Matty, and mother of Thomas, Frank,
; . Alice and Annie Matty, a native of Bal-
linadloe. County Galway, Ireland, aged 67
¦ years. ¦ • ¦ '
tCT Funeral -from -Woodrow's undertaking
parlors, San Jose, Thursday, November 2«
at 9:30 , o'clock, thence to St. Patrick's
Church. Interment Calvary Cemetery, San
Jose.- ' • . .
MILLER— In this city, November 24, 1903
Henry Miller, dearly beloved eon of Henry
IX and Marie Miller, and devoted brother of
Mrs. Oscar Fengler and Lena and Charles
Miller, a native of Golden, Colo., aged 23
years 1 month and 14 days.
" CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral tomorrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 233 Langton street, between Seventh
and Eighth, Harrison and Bryant. Inter-
. ment'-Mount Olivet Cemetery.
MITCHELL-— In Alameda, Cal., November 23
1903, -Emma Octavia. beloved wife of R*
: Brent Mitchell, "and mother 1 of R. Brent
Mitchell: Jr., Mrs. W. H. Sellman and
Juliet E. Mitchell, and sister of Mrs. B c
Mackay, Mrs. W. *H. Woodward. Mrs. • E."
W. Davies, M. B. Augustine and H. W. Au-
gustine. ¦.- •:' ¦ - •¦ > .i '
, (C7 Funeral and interment private. ¦
MUNSON— In Oakland. Cat.; ': November 22 i
1903. John A., beloved husband • of Louisa ,
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
. (Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.) ; -
'. DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st/. i opposite Lincoln School.
•Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS;
— — -Funeral Directors and Embalmers.— ——
' Formerly in Metropolitan Temple, "
Now at fc66 ; MISSION. Tel. TSouth. 167. •.
'-¦; Between • Fourth . and Fifth; near Fifth : st. '¦
. Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates. -
5^^_ESTAjrjE--CITV — FOR SALE.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
«-v e i er Victon We « Lots Sold so Fast!
&n 1^ are choIce « and cheapest,
fr^t *° *1200-Evcry lot graded for building;
fronting boulevard, park, ocean and cars- un-
obstructed ocean view from ev«ry let- don't
m'se this opportunity ror bargains; see them
to-day; easy terms.
$75 to $000— Near park and ocean; $S
monthly. ....--,
¦ ;•••» v
Oceanside Branch Office on 40tb ave. and K
«t. Open Sundays.
$500 to $1000 — New lots in Sunset District;
rraded and sewered; near cars; $10 monthly.
Sunset Branch Office on 9th ave.. Near H *t.
$1SO $200 and $309— Level Excelsior Home-
etead lots; near electric cars; $5 monthly.
$1000. $1500. $25C0 and J5000 — i -5. 6 and 8
room modern cottages and houses In Sunset.
Richmond. Oceacslde and Excelsior Home-
stead! All bargains! Easy terms.
£OL GETZ & SON. Owners and Dealers.
Room 54. Chronicle Building.
?500 FOR A HOUSE AND LOT '
Only eicht blocks from a
school house and street car line.
Will sell for cash or part cash and balance
in monthly payments.
The house has 3 rooms, new and never been
rwtiflj
The lot is 25x100 ft. level and on grade.
This is a bargain and I want to sell It; It
Is in. a goxl locality and is worth more
money than I ask for It.
An opportunity for a laboring man to own
a home In from 3 to 4 years, and only pay
on It as you are now paying rent; Investigate
this. Address Owner, box 4574, Call office.
MODERN cottages; finished complete with
every convenience; ea*y terms; large lots.
4 roonio— $2800.
6 rooms — $3250.
6 rooms — $CSuO.
6 rooms — $3600.
7 rooms — $4100.
6 rooms— JlCOO.
Located on First an4 Seccn3 ave., bet.
Geary and McAllister et. cars and one block
north of park. F. NELSON 1 , builder.
EXTRAORDINARY CHEAP!!!
i ELEGANT NEW MODERN COTTAGE, 4
i ROOMS AND BATH,
EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD. WARM BELT.
NEAR CAR LIN'E. VERY EASY TERMS.
MUST SELL. FOR PARTICULARS AT
B. GETZ, ROOM 22. CHRONICLE BLDG.
JOSEPH STKAVB, C30 Market st.
$2100 — Cor. Twenty-fifth and Wisconsin sts.;
new cottage of 4 rooms, bath and basement:
good location for grocery; $."$00 dawn, $15 month.
$1750 — Fine new cottage of 4 rooms, bath and
bcseinent; $300 down, $15 a month; Wisconsin
et.. near Twenty-fifth.
$350 DOWN an<i $20 per month, cottage. 5
rooms and bath; 4145 23d St.; the latest.
S:ifKJ down and $25 per month; (f>room hOU5e
on Duncan St.; a snap.
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission st.
JUST opened a new tract of splendid lets in
the best part of Berkeley; terms very attrac-
tive: call or send for map and particulars.
S. F. and P. Home Building Society, 709
Market St.. S. F.
TWO beautifgul cottages. Just finished, in
Mission district, H block from cars; can be 1
bought oa easy payments. OSCAR HEY-
MAN. 14 Po«t et.
FOR PALE — Cheap, a fine 5-room cottage on
EUz.u>eth St.. near Dougla«s; must be sold
this week; price $1500. Apply at grocery
ftore. corner Twenty-fourth and Douglas.
BUILD on your unimproved realty: we loan
full eort Improv. end part Jot at 0 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
LOTS N or F side of Golden Gate Park, pur-
; chased-- by \V. J, GUNX. 530 California st.
. ESTIMATES on plumbing work, new or old.
Ahlbach & Mayer, plumbers. fvJ6 Howard st.
A WEEK'S r.ews for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
1« pages, in wrjpper. for mailing. $1 per year.
REAL ESTATE — Country — For Sale.
. ALFALFA landa. *tock ranches, orchards,
vlnevards: inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues Efnt free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., 6*3
Market ft.
t FOR rale — A house of 4 room?, with 2 lots,
each £0x70 fort. In a town In Soncrr.a County.
; For particulars apply at Call offlco.
" I ! > ?J^'L "l 0 "**?*" nEA ,£ . I ? STA T E -
J WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts;
n--*r>5. photos. • > tc. BETJ1.. 417 Parrott bl-ijj.
HEAL ESTATE "O EICHAXGe!
OAKLAND property to exchanR-* for ranches
not too far cut. P. C. LASSEN & CO.. 406
T<r;h St., Ockland. Cal.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
$2750 — NEW. modern 6-r. cottage; lot 40x133; :
one block from North Berkeley station.
$6000 — 3.S4 acres on Claremont ave.; choice lo- ;
cation for fine home.
$1200 — One acre; near new Santa Fe depot;
Addison et.
$1500—104 feet on Grove St., near Parker; this
price for limited time; three factory sites
on ra:lroad. "Wert Berkeley, for sale.
$4000 — *0 lota, Weet Berkeley, en R. R. ; best
bui-iness fclock in North Berkeley; now
rented and paying S per cent en asking
price.
$4500— 7-r. house; Cariton St.; lot 200x270.
Large list of houses and lots for sale.
CHENEY & BERHY.
Poelofflce Block. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 3118 BB0ADWAY.
OAKLAXD ROOMS TO LET.
' VEN'DOME AND GRAND HOTELS. *
I'-'w'i Washington and 510 Ninth st«.. Oak-
land; furnished rooms en suite or single, with
or without board; special rates to families.
OAKLAXD FURMTURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furnl-
ture. H. Schcllhaas. 11th «t-.cor.store.Oaklnd.
Mill Valley Advertisemepts.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
j VILLA sites and Improved property; dairy
! ranches; Cushing and Stetson tracts. For
I information apply «to pole agent for landa T.
L. & W. Co.. LOUIS L. JANES, real estate,
Hayward building. 4SS California st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
1 AT Knickerbocker Acartments. 1340 Pine st..
j near Hyde^ — Furnished 3-room cults; $30 up;
«team heated, electric lighted; free bath.
GEARY, 878 — Sunny baeemeat, 4 rooms; com-
plete .for housekeeping.
GEART. 1933 — For adults; 4 connecting rooms,
hath, toilet. ga». coal stoves; all necessaries.
HOWARD. 1310— Sunny double parlor* and
elngle room for gentlemen. "
JONES. 390 — The Zola: newly furnished suites,
3 & 4 rms; also single; water; steam heated.
LARKIN. MSB — l nicely furnished front house-
keeping rooms; running water; bath, phone.
MISSION, I14S — Front rulte complete for
housckeeplrig; piano If desired.
MISSION. 1CS2H— 3 sunny rooms; furnished
housekeeping; 2 beds; coal stove.
OAK, 117 — Sunny suites; $8, $12 and $16; gas
cange, hot bath; laundry; adults.
SEVENTEENTH. 3345. near Castro — 3 beauti-
ful desirable unfur. rms; no children: reason.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfirn.
A — BRUNSWICK House, 14S filxth «t. — Rooms
26c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. Cor No. 1
Fi.'th rt.)— Rooms. 2»c. 50c, $1. $1 50 night;
, $1 SO to $10 week; bouse open all night.
BURNETT. 1420 Market (old No. 1364) — Fnr-
Biefced rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, comer Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
DEVIEADERO. I52&— 1 cr 2 sunny unfurnished
front rooms to let. .
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission— Rooms 50c
to $1 60 -night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
HOWARD. 1310— Sunny double' parlors and sin-
gle room tor gentlemen.
KEABN'Y 101 — Sunny unfum. front eult; 2
rooms $10. with kltcben $15: adults. ,
LACUNA and McAllister. St. James flat— Sun-
ny giggle room. - .
NINTH, 119 CGilespie)— Nicely furnished rooms,
$1 CO to $2 60 per week; 60c to 75c per night.
PINE. 7t». east of Powell — Elegant parlor
suite, running water, private bath; also other
room* in elegant furnished new. fiat; gentle-
tnen preferred. * • -. -¦- .- -'
PINE. 1735. near Van Ness— Newly furnished
sunny bar-window room; electric lights; pri-
vate family.
POWELL 317— Sunny front eulte for ' doctor
or dentist; also other furnished rooms. 1
To our many friends and acquaintances,
who gave so many evidences of their heart-
felt and comforting sympathy and beautiful
floral offerings during our late bereavement
of loving mother, "Lorenza Sands, we desire
to return our sincere thanks.
4 MOURNING CHILDREN.
CARD OF THANKS.
YOUNG Men's Catholic Union — A requiem
high mass for the repose of the souls of the
deceased members of the Young Men's Cath-
olic Union wlll.be celebrated in the cathe-
dral at 10 o'clock on Thanksgiving Day
(Thursday morning, November. 26). The rela-
tives and friends of deceased members are
respectfully Invited to attend.
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 721V4 Tehama street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
O'HARE— In this city. November; 24, 1903,
Genevieve, beloved daughter of Eugene and
Kathleen O'Hare. and sister of Horace and
Kathleen O'Hare and the late Grace, Ada M.
and Eugene O'Hare Jr.. a native of San
Francisco, aged 7 months and 7 days.
POWER— In this city, November 24, 1903, at
his residence, 1217 Filbert street, Michael
C. beloved husband of Emily Power, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 61 years.
REAM— In this city, November 23,1903. Elszie
Ream, beloved mother of Lutheran and Wal-
ter Go«ney and Frank Patten, a native of
Missouri, aged 51 years and 11 months.
RODGERS— In Oakland. November 24,. 1903.
William R. Rodgers, beloved husband of
Jeanette Campbell Rodders, and father of
Mrs. P. F. Roche of Tulare, Mrs. Jackson
Prultt of this city, William N. Rodgers of
Seattle. Mrs. F. H. Draper of San Francisco.
S. J. Rodgers of this city. Mrs. E. J. Strain
of Marysvllle and Mrs. C. Murry of San
Francisco, a native of Kentucky, aged 70
years 3 months and 1 day.
SANQUIST — In Rohnerville, Humboidt County,
Cal., November 9. 1903, Mrs. Johanna Ulrica
Sanqulst. wife of J. V. F. Sanquiat, a na-
tive of Falun, Sweden, aged o"7 1 years 8
months and 1 day.
SCHULZ— In this city, November 23, 1903,
Ethel J..- dearly beloved daughter of An-
drew F. and Johanna E. Schulz, and. be-
loved sister of Annie. Loretta, Andrew and
Margaret Schulz. and granddaughter of Mrs.
Margaret Schulz, a native of San Francisco,
' aged 3 years 9 months and 19 days.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, 287OV4 Twenty-second
street, between Alabama and Harrison. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SMITH — In this city, November 23, 1903,
Caroline, beloved wife of John F. Smith,
daughter of Mrs. Caroline Helm, and sister
of Mrs. -Frank Slebrecht, Mrs. Herman
LoCks en<5 George Helm, a native of New
York, aged 39 years and 9 months.
iryFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1364 Vallejo street, between Hyde and
Larkin. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
carriages.
VALENCIA— In this city, November 24. 1903,
Mary A., beloved wife of Milton P. Valen-
cia, mother, of Cyril, Felton and Melville
Davidson, daughter of John and Mary Grif-
fin, sister of John J., Harry, Agnes and Bes-
sie Griffin, and niece of Mrs. J. Demalder, a
native of San Francisco, aged 27 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral from her
late residence, 508 Third street, Thursday,
November 26, at 9 o'clock, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
WOLF-.In this city, November 21, 1903.
Jeanette, dearly beloved wife of W. Woir,
and elster of Julius, Joseph and Jacob Ros-
enblum. a native of Poland, aged 76 years.
(New York papers please copy.)
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral' services
to-day ( Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, - at her
late residence, 1111 Gough street. Inter-
ment Hills of Eternity Cemetery by 11:30
train from Third and Townsend streets.
Please omit flowers.
THE Congregation Sherith Israel requests its
officers and members to attend the funeral
of- Jeanette, the highly » esteemed wife of
our member, William Wolf, this (Wednes*-
day) morning, at 10 o'clock, from 1111 Gough
street. CHARLES HARRIS. President.
ALEXANDER L. BADT, Secretary.
Munson, uncle of Xellie Munson, and cousin
of Mrs, Emma Gustafson of San Franclsso,
a native of Sweden, aged 60 years 7 months
and 14 days.
ETFrlenCs and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
' Wednesday afternoon, at 2 o'clock, at his
late residence, 6520 Telerraph 'avenue, Oak-
land. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
NICHOLS — In this city, November 23, 1SKG.
at bis late residence, 2219 Powell ¦ street,
William 1 M. Nichols, beloved husband' of
Margaret Nichols, and father Of j Sister M.
Annunciata and N. A. Nichols, a native of
Ireland. • ¦ ' ¦ 4 ¦ ' .
E7"There will be a solemn requiem high
mass at St. Francis Church to-day (Wednes-
day), at 9:30 o'clock. Interment private.
Kindly omit flowers.
O'HARA — In this city. November 24, 1903. Ed-
ward, husband of the late Elizabeth O'Hara,
and father of Mrs. C. J. Robinson and Ed-
wara, John * and Samuel A. O'Hara, a native
of Paterson, N. J., aged 72 years and 20
days. (Paterson. N. J.. papers please copy.)
O V?t pv l* t *t3L5%*^*'*Vg?iyy^^ Trf***"*irt^^ f"^ft'Vf***^ *V.~^t^^^j^iIt's good all the way through — Patto
sien's furniture. See our window display
of dining-room furniture and note the
prices. It pays to buy for cash in the
Mission. Pattosien Co., 16th & Mission •
rates on household goods to a»d from
the East and South. Bekln'a. 11 Montgomery. •
BOSTON. Nov. *U;— Charles Dupee
Blake, author of "Rock-a-Bye Baby" and
other songs, is dead at his home in
Brookline, aged 60.
were discovered by Jason.
"A remarkable thing in connection
with the wreck is the fact that all Fri
day evening my wife was in a state L of
deep depression, and though we had
jolly friends in the house who tried to
cheer her up, she remained despondent
and finally shed tears, stating that she
knew something terrible was about to
happen and many lives would be lost.
Little did we know of the terrible
tragedy that was being enacted so near
our doors."
Deasy Bros., Retired.
Good shoes at half price.,20 Sixth st.
Come early. \ •
DES MOINES, Nov. 24. — T. N. Hooper,
general agent of the Colfax and North
ern Railway and formerly assistant su
perintendent of the Great Northern,
died here early to-day.
Concert and Picture Show.
To-night! Mark Hopkins Institute of
Art, California and Mason, 7:30 till 10.
Also open daily. Admission, 25 cents. •
Harry Miller of 233 Langton street
died frpm injuries- received
on November 21 ; in Pitcher's tank
works, corner of Hooper and Sixth
streets, by "being caught in the shafting
and mangled. He was 23 years old.
Died of His Injuries.
' "We have here a problem of cutting
a canal through a mud bank for a
short distance. It is apparently easy
enough to remove the quantity of mud
estimated, but will the banks hold up
under the pressure of that weight?
We think not. Then piles driven to
solid ground is our only means of safety
for a permanent passageway through
this portion. Actual tests show that in
the mud of the Nicaragua Lake it Is
400 feet to solid bottom.
"Piles 150 feet long may bo had in
Oregon, you may say, and the stability
of the 'deeper mu4, under pressure, is
presumably sufficient to hold the piles
in place. Well and good if It was here
or in a country like this, but Nicaragua
is a volcanic country and what would
become of a canal if it be cut across
a mud bank 400 feet .deep when the
whole bank was set trembling by a
temblor? How long would It be before
the piling would be not only thrown
out of line, but be actually floating on
the surface of the water? There you
have the reason for De Lesseps cutting
through that hill, where the Chagres
floods are the only Inconstant factor
in the whole scheme."
With reference to a long-standing
contention as to the : respective geo
logical fitness of Nicaragua and Pan
ama as the site for the trans-isthmian
canal, Joseph Voyle, an engineer, resid
ing In Berkeley, learned some interest
ing facts while on a visit to the East
several years ago. He says that the
Nicaragua site is a mud deposit and
adds:
Affirms That It Is Not Pos
sible to Dig a Canal
There/
Joseph Voyle Says *It
Is a Dangerous
Mud bank.
ENGINEER TALKS
ON NICARAGUA
WRECK OF THE COPPEE,
SCENES ON SHORE. AND A
GOOD SAMARITAN.
Why put it off any longer. Tou must
jave a gas range. Buy it now and have
the comfcrt at once. We sell them. San
rranclsco Gas and Electric Company, 415
?ost street. ' • .
DUBL.IIC. Nov. 24. — At a meeting of
the Irish Parliamentary party here to
3ay. at which John Redmond presided, a
vote of cordial confidence . in Redmond
svas unanimously adopted, as was a reso
lution, proposed by Redmond, asking
-.hat William O'Brien withdraw his res
ignation as member of Parliament for
city. '
Prospective Diamond Purchasers
Would do well to see my assortment of
perfect goods and consider the extremely
low prices before deciding where to buy.
The price of diamonds is steadily rising
in the diamond markets of the worlcf
The longer you wait the more you must
pay. Make selections now and I will
keep aside goods until Christmas."A. An
drews* Diamond Palace. 221 Montgomery
street, diagonally opposite Mills build
ing. •
Charles I Maltzen, who cared for the
f ourj surylyors who landed on his ranch
yesterday, told the following story to, a
Call representative:" . . .
' "The! first intimation I had of the
disaster^ was Monday - afternoon; when
Tom Jasonj a herder in my employ, in
formed me that he had seen three men,
who apparently were . starving, digging
up potatoes in my patch. The men were
almost naked ; and - said they I had been
cast ' from a wrecjt on Bird Island,
where they' remained since Friday
night, and that during that: time they
had' neither eaten nor slept. . They had
managed on Sunday afternoon to gath
er sufficient that' had drifted
ashore to construct a raft and float
over to the mainland, which was only a
few; hundred yards distant. On'arriv
ing here they had; not 'the ; strength t to
walk - to. my . house, and _they stayed all
night ' In my . hay loft a short . distance
from, the i beach. , . .
"The - following ; day , (Monday) the
men : gained . sufficient strength- to .walk
over to the ' potato patch, i where' they
RANCHER MAI/TZEN TALKS.
Etlenne Lanel, the French Consul at
this port, was closeted about an , hour
yesterday morning with First Mate
Edouard Molines and Seamen August
Victor and Daniel O'Neil of the. Ill
fated Coppee's'crew. The sailors were
questioned closely as to '/ the^ state of
discipline aboard the bark during, her
voyage, and their answers satisfied, the
inquisitor that there was no mutiny
nor even serious dissatisfaction" to "war
rant the sensational story >that. was
published here Monday. This informa
tion, was not. received from Monsieur
Lanel, for when requested to /disclose
the tenor and result of the inquiry he
took refuge behind a true Consular bar
rier of icy reticence." It was First Mate
, Molines who told what 5 he ' was ques
tioned about- . , . v '¦'. ¦'¦ v .: \ ,. ;
Nor r does Leon Blum, the local agent
for, the owners of the Coppee, attach
any credence to the insubordination
story. "From what the four survivors
of .the wreck now in this city have
told me," said Air.- Blum yesterday, "I
am. perfectly satisfied thatithe feeling
between the officers j and men of -the
bark was harmonious. . The discipline
shown by the men when the vessel was
breaking up under their feet was most
admirable, ¦ and the' fact that Captain
Inrye'-was thelast man, to leave the
ship shows that he; was, neither a cow
ard nor a: bully.". . y , vj.
j The nine men who are expected to ar
rive here to-day on the Scotia are:
James v Webb, Fred OJsen; Samuel Rays,
Edward Anderson," ~W. G. Taylor*- Fred
Perkins, Yres Gonzien, seamen; Jean
Louis' Nlcoi; steward; August , Hlliion,
cabin boy. ¦' , ¦ :¦
CONSUL INVESTIGATES. '
Frederickson and Seaman T. i Evans.
Sachet is known to be dead, and it is
believed that his was the headless body
seen by several persons • about : a mile
south of the wreck last Monday after
noon. - ; • ¦¦ ;• . ¦ • - . '.
The list of missing ; is i as , follows :
Captain Inrye, Boatswain Rose Olivier,
Boatswain Francis [ Conway,- Cook Paul
Sansom, Carpenter P. Chaigneau,, Sea
man Jules Sachet, Seaman • Frederick
Carr, Seaman' Charles • Gray, "Seaman
Clemento - Delgado, < Seaman " Frederick
More details of the wreck will proba
bly be available to-day, : when the
steam schooner Scotia .arrives' from
Bowens Landing with the . '. nine men
whom she : picked up at- sea last Satur
day. The Scotia cleared from the north
ern, port at 4 o'clock yesterday morning
aad 'binder .favorable elemental, condU
tions she should make the run in , ten to
twelve hours. An extremely. dense fog
was hanging over the coast last night,
however, and the little steamer Is likely
to ppeed under a slow! .bell, if she does
not lay N to until she'/can * make | safe
headway. Weather Observer McAdie
stated last evening that the murk will
probably, cling to the; coast to-day, so
if the Scotia does not enter the heads'
until this afternoon .nobody 'will -be
surprised. . - ;
Pursuant j to the . Federal statute re
lating to shipwrecks, ¦ Surveyor of j the
Port Spear yesterday dispatched a"cus
toms inspector to examine the wreck of
the Coppee and report. *E.'D. Kellogg
was the man detailed for the trip, and
at 5 o'clock he started for Point Reyes.
- Adolph Victor is the- only member, of
the auartet' of survivors , now in ; this
city" who has not perfectly- recovered
from the effects j of; that, terrible ¦ expef
rience which has been -so graphically
narrated by .First. Mate; Molines.."In
his struggle to reach -the. rocks after
the small ; ntoat had", been dashed ; to
pieces Vlctbr'was buffeted like a cork
by the mighty • billows," and . his head
and body were badly bruised and cut.
He is now. in a sanitarium, but will be
out in a day or two.' When his three
shipmates visited the French consulate
yesterday they/ showed * no • traces ,, of
thelr.recent hardships. \ All the surviv
ors will be sent back, to France by the
consulate, if they, desire to go there,
and they, will be taken care of by Con
sul Lanel and Agent Leon Blum until
they are ready to travel. -;';
THE SAVED AND. MISSING.
MOBE SUBVTVOBS COMING.
All hope of there being more j than
thirteen survivors of the wreck of the
Francois Coppee has departed. Four
days have passed since the lifeboats
left the bark, and It is no longer con
sidered possible that any of the. eleven
men still missing could either- have
reached the shore alive or managed to
stay afloat in the turbulent sea.
Not until yesterday was the wreck
definitely located. Captain Jorgenson
and his crew of life savers from the
station about' six miles north of Point
Reyes arrived at the scene Monday
evening, but owing to the dense fog
then prevailing they could not see fifty
yards away. ¦ They found the ,, wreck
yesterday morning, however, and Jor
genson immediately sent the following,
dispatch to the Weather Bureau In this
city; . '
"Bark Francois Coppee. is wrecked at
Pierces Point, - Bird Island, 200 yards
off shore, one mile south of entrance to
Tomales Bay. " Thirty feet of starboard
bow visible at- low tide. Masts ¦ gone.
Vessel probably broken in two.'.'
Jorgenson left a patrol on the beach,
with Instructions to look out for bodies
coming ashore, but at a late hour last
night none had been reported. Quanti
ties of wreckase were . washed land
ward, however, and the few folk on the
beach rescued clothing,' casks" of wine,
cognac and [ other stuff. At Bodega,
ten miles north of where the Coppee
struck, considerable wreckage came
ashore. ' '¦' ' - V •
The Oakland was badly damaged by
the collision. The front rails on the
side where she struck were all torn off
and one of her davits and a lifeboat
were completely wrecked. The Bay City
was but slightly damaged, as the full
force of the collision seemed to have
been felt by the Oakland.
A wild stfene on the decks followed.
The shrill cries of women could be
heard above the harsh> gruff commands
cf the officers and the frightened tones
of many of the male passengers, who
ran wildly about the decks or Into the
cabins seeking a place of safety.
Several women passengers I tainted
outright, while others ran about
screaming wildly, begging of the men
to save them. Others sat down on
benches and cried for fear; nor could
their fears be calmed till they were
landed Eafely on the Oakland mole.
Finally the Oakland was brought to
a standstill. Her master gave orders
to back her out into the stream again.
It was Beveral minutes before the boat
finally made the slip. She barely
crawled along and felt her way in amid
the thick fog. While ehe was entering
the fears of many passengers were
again aroused, and whenever her sides
came in contact with the piles sur
rounding the landing place It was a
general signal for hysterical screams
from the thoroughly frightened women
passengers. ...:.'.-
PANIC ON" THE DECKS.
When the Oakland struck she shiy
ered all over. People were thrown out
of their -»t^ts, and for a moment the
big boat was unsteady, and from her
wobbly motion many of her more timid
passengers were led to believe that 6he
T.-as about to Gink.
As the speed of the Oakland began
to slacken slightly the Bay City loomed
up grimly not twenty-five feet away.
It could be seen distinctly by those who
were standing on the Oakland at the
time. Some one shouted, "We are go
ing to strike; look out." The engines
were reversed with all possible speed
at the command of the captain, but too
late, for in another second the Oakland
went crashing Into the Bay City.
The big craft did not 6eem to slacken
its sDeed in the least and those who
knew the slip well had an inkling that
ail >-as not right, for the tones of the
fog bell came from south of the boat
instead of directly in front.
PAESEKGEES HAVE FEAES.
The murky fog that hung over the
bay all day made it impossible to dis
tinguish an object twenty feet in front
of the boat. Along the water line and
rising to a distance of about fifty feet,
the hazy cloak that enwrapped itself
over the water made navigation on the
bay not only difficult but dangerous.
The Oakland was a few minutes
ahead of her regular schedule when
the collision happened. A large ma
jority of the passengers were standing
on the front deck, waiting for the boat
to land. It was impossible to discern
an object twentj' feet atray, yet the
solemn clang of the fog bell at the
entrance to the slip told those on board
that the boat was about to dock.
The boat was running at a. high rate
of Fpeed when the acciaent occurred,
notwithstanding the fact that the com
pany claims the fog schedule was
strictly adhered to. Berore the Oak
land ran afoul of the Bay City many
were commenting on the high rate of
speed which the boat was making and
a general query on the decks was why
the captain did not slow down.
As the ferry-boat Oakland was try
ing to steam into her slip at the Oak
land pier on her 2:30 o'clock trip yes
terday afternoon she went crashing
into the ferry-boat Baj- City, lying in
the adjoining slip. The fog was so
dcr.se that the captain of the Oakland
lost his bearing* and ran his boat Into
the wrong mooring place. When the
big ferry-boat struck she shivered from
bow to stern. Women went into hys
terics and many fainted; men rushed
wildly about and during the few in
tensely exciting moments that^ensued
an awful panic was narrowly averted,
for the crew of the huge passenger
boat feared the danger as much as the
passengers and were powerless to act
for the time being.
Luckily the boat carried but few pas
sengers at the time she struck, other
wise many would eurelj- have lost their
lives in the fierce scramble that fol
lowed. Some rushed forward, others
ran into the cabins seeking shelter,
while many Btood on the decks, too
much terror-stricken to move and ren
dered speechless from abject fear.
HIGH SATE OF SPEED.
Some Women faint, Others Go Into
- Hysterics and Men Cry Out in .
Tear When Shock
Comes.
Terror - Stricken Passengers
Run Wildly Over Decks
of Moving Vessel.
The Perry Boat Oakland
Misses Slip During
Dense Fog.
CRASHES INTO
THE BAY CITY
AT MOORINGS
The typewriter is ; more largely, used in
Mexico .than* In < France- - ,; .
' .. - . - ~ 'T" inHwt '¦¦"*' yin . ¦*¦*•
Wedding; cake' boxes,' wedding stationery. Ed
ward S. Koowlea, 24 Second St.. Main 503. *
By stipulation of both parties to the
yuit United States Circuit Jndge Mor
row yesterday dismissed the case of the
Mabel Mertz Gold Gravel Mining Com
pany vs. H. B. McCormick. The stipu
lation provides' that the complainant is
not entitled to the possession or con
trol of any part of the Mabel . Mertz
placer, mine, the Viola placer mine or
the Viola Extension placer mining
claim and is not entitled to work, pros
pect or purchase those properties. "•
Mining Case Settled.
Rule 68— No member of the Police- Depart
ment shall borrow money or any representative
of value upon his salary warrant, nor assign
or sell hla salary warrant to any person or cor
poration as security 'for any loan made to him
by any person. ¦ y
Any member of the'PoIlce Department vio
lating any of the provisions of this rule ehall
be subject to such penalty as may be Imposed
by the. Board of Police Commissioners.
It was also ordered that patrolmen
doing duty on the night watches carry
pocket lanterns to assist them in their
duties.
-. The case of Sergeant ' Reuben
A. Wolf was then taken up and depo
sitions made in Los Angeles by
S..E. Bisbee, N. J. Powell, Frank H.
Lemon, George E. Gard.'F. M. Fowler,
John B. Morrison, Sylvester P. Hens
ley, Earl Rodgers, Mary Mlltenberger,
William A: Appel, Henry A. McClain,
C. E. Sawyer, G. F. McCulloch, Edward
F. Dishman, F. M. D. Spencer, George
Brown, F. J. Williams, John Hauer
waas, Joseph M. Cota and H. H. Appel
were read.
All the depositions showed that the
reputation of George B. Simpson, the
saloonkeeper who accuses Wolf of hav
ing taken money from him, is bad and
that Simpson was engaged in* several
shady transactions and conducted a
saloon of a highly notorious character.
Simpson took the stand and stated
that, with the exception of three, all
the persons who made depositions were
his personal- enemies. One, S. E. Bis
bee, Simpson said was his half-brother
and that he had served a term of five
years In " Sing Sing penitentiary. He
refused to tell of .his trouble with ex-
Sheriff Gard or to state the reason why
the latter should be his enemy. This
was so in relation to several of the oth
er persons .who made depositions. The
case was then submitted and a decision
will be rendered next Tuesday night.
A rule was passed by the Police Com
missioners "bt a meeting. last evening
that prevents members of the depart
ment from borrowing money on their
salary warrants or from selling or as
signing such to any person or corpora
tion. The rule is. to go into effect im
mediately and will be embodied In the
police manual. It is as follows:
Policemen Are Prevent
ed From Dealing With
Money Brokers.
MUST NOT SELL
THEIR WARRANTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1903.
Ill-Fated French Bark Lies on Pierces Point, Bird Island, About Two
Hundred Yards From Shore, and It Is the Opinion of Those
Who Have Seen Her That She Is Broken in Halves
WRECK OF FRANCOIS COPPEE FOUND
ONE MILE SOUTH OF TOMALES BAY
16
Ill, 118, 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
"Mf^T^TI^ Orders by mall receive prompt attention.
1 * JL-1/ AH orders for samples or goods filled
¦ and shipped same day they are received.
We have Just received a large shipment of FRENCH
VALENCIENNES LACES, Edgings and Insertlngs to
match, In all widths. Prices from
• 40c to $2.00 Per Dozen
GENTS' LINEN CAMBRIC INITIALED HANDKER-
CHIEFS SI.5O, S2.4O and S3.00 Box
Half dozen In box.
... SI.OO, SI.5O, S2.25 and S3.OO Box
Half dozen In box.
LADIES' LINEN CAMBRIC and SHEER LINEN HEM-
STITCHED and INITIALED HANDKERCHIEFS......
Half dozen In box.
40 PIECES 48-INCH, FRENCH CHIFFON, (a Yeru supe-
rior auaiitu), In Blade, White, Cream and an tna
leading shades 60c Yard
Regular price 75c.
150 DOZEN LADIES'- UNLAUNDERED SHEER LINEN
INITIALED HANDKERCHIEFS,, (all letters)
• • 6 for 90c
400 DOZEN LADIES' SHEER LINEN HAND EMBROID-
ERED HANDKERCHIEFS, put lip In fancuhoxes....
...$f.5O and S3. CO Box
100 DOZEN LADIES' FINE LAWN EMBROIDERED
SHIRT WAIST STOCKS...\50ctoSl.50 Each
750 YARDS NAINSOOK, CAMBRIC and SWISS EM-
BROIDERED FLOUNCINGS, 16 inches deep, m a large
Yarletu of patterns. .....50c Yard
Regular value 75c. .• ' . .
75 DOZEN LADIES' WASH STOCK COLLARS In ahOUt
12 different patterns 25c Each
Good value for 35c —«**•¦
125 DOZEN LADIES 1 VENICE LACE STOCK COLLARS,
White and Ecru, (extra fine goods).... 40c Each
J Regular value 75c.
175 DOZEN LADIES' VENICE LACE STOCK COLLARS!
in Doth Whlt3 and Ecru ..30c Each
Regular value 5Oc.
DEPARTMENTS. .
SPECIAL VALUES IN OUR
LACE and HANDKERCHIEF
10,000 cans of W. G. M. Beans, with
Chili Sauce, sfild In 10 days.
MABKS BB0S.
ADVEB.TISEMENTS.
Drink s v!:
CoMarin l||(|SlF o Ilife ||
i On EarthHSiMiii :
Cereal da^»^
DRINK i
Cof-farin and your:
Nerves and Dlgcs-:
jtion will be all right
One Bottle Cures
Rheumatism or
Neuralgia. fi^Sk
IMcBURNEY*S KID- »*». V ,^J°£' sj
NEY AND BLAD- J iiiVJffiB
DER CURE is ruar- f . ? Jsltfff
anteed to be abao- ¦ 1^^ ~ Z$W
lutely harmless and R*V W J
a strong tonic in I * I
building up the weak M** A.
and debilitated. It tJw
cures Acute or Mus-
cular Rheumatism. Still Back and n
m Pains in the Hips and Lotnt. Chronio ¦
3 Rheumatism. Sciatica, Lombaso and ¦
H almost Invariably cures befon on* bot' ffi
El tie has been used. U
%1 Bright'* Disease, Brick Dust Depoait. ¦
M Bed Wetting. Gravel. Dnyp«y. Diabetes B
M cured with one bottle MeBuntar*! Kid. ¦
|l ney and 'Bladder Cure. Relief in 20 ¦
w minutes. Express 'prepaid $t 50. Send B
H 23 cents to W. F. McBurney for flv» ¦
pj days' treatment. 228 South BprtRX H
S street. Loa Angeles. Sold by dnmrfsta. ¦
M IS THE MARK OF H
CLUETT, PEABODY <& CO. K^J
i|a j MAKERS ' JBh
mmmmmm
.TJOTTC1J17C FOR BARBERS. BA-
DilUOllJuO ke ". bootblacks, bath.
houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders. • candy-makers, canneri,
dyei ». flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hdnseri, printers, painters. tho« factorle*.
itabtemen. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, eto.
BUC3AHAS BEOB,
Sxusli MaauXactxurer*. 609 Sacrameato n.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I NECK-CORSAGE tf SASH BOWS \ |
w rer lara.' inch?g wide. / pgr Yard. I wide. y
Jk At I5C . I Luster .and Mtin TAF. I At 23C ' I Satin taffeta and fancy W
jS Ppr Yii-rf < F1 \? A « IBBON : 4 n -J j WASH HIBBON; 5 to K
m. rer. yard. I inches wide. •-. j p e r Yard. 1 7 inches wide. •»
J .> CORSET BARGAINS. >
f|l At I WARNER'S or W. B. I At I Royal Worcester wiB
M CORSET: hose *up- «> li./ Warner's >£on<1ed B
H' Ol Of! Porters, attached: rust ft _ hip CORSET: mad^ of K
•H- -VI II II ' proof: .double aide f» H fin best quality of French r
"•¦ fl " ' *¦¦ OliUU 8te . el8 : VP lcndld *l-35 |S / 1 II U Sateen : a. *ood $250 I
Mam - ¦ *" ValU©. ' - " - " ¦ '^ V&lUO. * *'-' t
I FLANNELETTE ?£ o EIDERDOWN - I
J GOWN5 V DRESSING 5ACQUE5 ¦
T -^At - fSSO^iidl At liir^J^Hii
»j m r blue stripe*. -Trimmed _ _ sleeves trimmed with ftft
U /LhP in Rood washable braid. AQn a .hand-crocheted de- P*
*S TWU/ e5c.value.--/ *tUu "'Kii-of worsted. 75c t^
3|a| ii -• ' Women's Heavy-weight . j gft
\Sa - .'¦•• .ni- Flannelette -GOWNS. At Women** heavy-weight W^
1 11 '. X v ...'., Cuffa, collars and front nl Eiderdown dressing W
m «¦. trimmed in flannel of _ _ SACQURv TMibon bow ilV
*Tl /fin contrasting color. Pink /"I* at neck. Cclors red HF
« I UL 1 and blue stripes. 05c fj||." K™ 1 *. W^e and pink! t ,
2"J. , .; ';¦•**" , ¦¦ value. / ¦ *# U | qsc value. gk
3 At I Women'..; Flannelette I k\ . \??To^ n^vL^ K
ggg m GOWXS. Solid colon. rtl SACQUE Beiffil? |»»
ft ftp and stripes. Neatly nn Front and «Ta lor coll ar &
T& II h P trimmed Ir. Torchon Q Q A trimmed with black B*
*-« • VUU lace. Worth $1.25. ' • 3 O U tailor-stitched bands K
M ¦ , .. ; r { I ~ w | S1.25 value. . ' W-
I > HOSIERY. H
¦¦j|V- I WOMEN'S BLACK I At ' I CHILDREN'S mrv" iP
A 1 0ft LACE HOSE. Several IO#* CLE R^bId HOSe" Ok
5 IllC WrtT: 2^° 8eleCt frOm - IllR g°«ble htel?Toe. H tael- &
Kg . IWJ I Worth 25c. lUU . I 20c value. .* .. ¦W f "
\' KNIT; UNDERWEAR SPECIALS. L
% «• • LADiES* VESTS. > At . V^DIES' RIBBED I W-
.€| __ _¦¦•..•• LUle and wood mixed. . m X E . s To- Fleece lined, fit
KM 7f)« ' Pant* to match. Col- v J t\ _ -. f; x tra _ heavy. . Colors. W
6 I "if: ¦"" white and gray. ZLMP n ; Ue and cr * a ™- Q»
» I JU Worth $1 .00 tUU | w£th COc match - B
H I QO A PRICE PLACED UPON OUR J1.25 BUCK lIERCFBlypn" 1
1 .yOC^F^. PfTTICOATS. Made %lth deep wn E ?ffi k
CT I v<> flounro. finished with narrow rufflo. Extra full. pa " M |B
S ; CLOSED ALL DAY THURSDAY. OPEN TO-NIGHT UNTIL 10-30 ' B
M " ' GREEN TRADING STAMPS - GIVEN WITH EVERY PURCHASE. W
1 7V\^f?Kp Bg(3S|
Ij 1220^1222-1224 J^^