PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCV— NO. 22.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1903.
HEAD OF THE BUREAU OF NAVI
GATION AND SQUADRON COM
MANDER AT THE ISTHMUS.
BRITISH FINANCIER. WHO HOPES AMERICA WILL INTERFERE IN
THE ORIENTS AND MINISTER WHO PRESENTED JAPAN'S RE
PLY REJECTING THE RUSSIAN PROPOSALS.
Continued on Page 2, Column 1.
MARINES ARE KEPT BUSY.
PANAMA, Dec. .21.— The United
States* gunboat Concord returned thjs
MELBOURNE. Victoria, Dec. 21.— The
harvest is generally turning out excel
lent. It is estimated the total yield of
wheat for the six States win be 78.000.
000 bushels. The previous highest re%»
ord was 4S.000.000 bushels.
Australia's -Harvest Good.
MADRID. Dec. 21. — According to
the Spanish newspapers a project is
on foot for the marriage of King Al
fonso to his cousin, the Princess Ma
ria- del Pilar of Bavaria. She is 13
years of age. .
of Bavaria.
plan on Foot to Effect a Union of
Alfonso and Princess Del Pilar
SPAIN'S KING MAY
MARRY HIS COUSIN
FLUSHING, Holland. Dec. 21.— Ths
passengers of the Red Star liner Fin
land, which left Antwerp on Saturday
for New York and went ashore near
here, have landed. The Finland Is leak
ing and her carpi; is beins discharge 1.
The .work is progressing slowly, owing
to*a lack of lighten*. : r
Finland's Pass»ensers Are Landed.
FRANCE NOT TO BE DRAWN IN.
a Clear Field.
Russia. and Japan Will Be Left With
PARIS. Dec. 21.— An authoritative
denial is given of the reports from
Peking that the French, Minister has
Continued on Page 2, Column G.
ROME,' Dec/; 2J.— The idea of a
Catholic federation . in thexTJnited
States has again 7 been ventilated, es
pecially after r *the Mb'st'Rev. Sebastian
Mesmer..was appointed Archbishop '.'of
Milwaukee, .when Attempts' were made
to^ see how the^movement /would • be
received .at vtheVaticair'and by the
propaganda. Here are, much
divided.; -The supporters of !the mbve
ment'.thinkf.th'ey^have Cardinal , Mar
tinellii;former ..papal delegate ;: in., the
United States^ oh their side.": ' : . ; . "
Proponents Are Still in Doubt ns to
How the Proposition Will Be
Received^ at .the Vatican.
OPINIONS DIVIDED ON
CATHOLIC
LONDON. Dec. 22.— Specials from
Paris to the morning papers say that
France and Great Britain are re
doubling their efforts in St. Petersburg
and Tokio, respectively, to prevent a
rupture between Russia and Japan. ii
According "to the Daily Telegraph's
Nagasaki correspondent, the Govern
ment has given notice that it will re
quire all the drydocks in the country
for the use of the Japanese fleet, th»
vessels of which already are beginning
to dock for cleaning purposes. " Tn»
France and Great Britain -Exerting
. '¦¦'.*-.' Their Friendly Offices.
STILL STRIVING FOR PEACE.
Appointees Under the Rnsso- Austria
Reform Scheme Meet Death
in Albania.
CETTINJE. Montenegro. Dec. 21— A
Christian Judge and two Christian
prndarmes have been murdered by
Mussulmans at Gusinye, in Northern
Albania. The victims were recently ap
pointed to their positions in conformity
with the Macedonian reform scheme of
Austria and Russia. ""*.;
MUSSULMANS MURDER
JUDGE AND GENDARMES
TOKIO, Dec. 21.— Japan's reply to
Russia was handed to Baron 'de Rosen
this afternoon at a conference between
the Russian Minister and Foreign Min
ister Komura pt the Russian legation.
Japan's reply is in no way in the na
ture of an ultimatum, but she asks
Russia to reconsider certain essential
points in her reply to Japan. Baron de
Rosen is now sufficiently recovered to
resume the negotiations. -; ifv
Sixty military engineers have been
dispatched to Korea to replace the civil
telegraph operators attached to the
Japanese telegraph lines on the penin
sula. It Is officially asserted that this
step has no military significance.
Rejects Czar's Proposals, but Is Not
In Nature of Ultimatum.
JAPAN'S REPLY TO RUSSIA.
Whitecaps Murtlcr a Negro.
BROOK HAVEN. MiS3.. Dec. 21. — .
Eli Hilson. a negro, living eight miles
from Brook Haven, was assassinated
while - on the way home from town
alone In his buggy. Last winter Hil
son was warned by whitcaps to leave,
which warning he "disregarded. Hil
son is the second negro murdered by
whitecaps in that portion of Lincoln
County within the last month and the
other negroes are greatly alarmed over
the situation.
. "They were ordered to Manila," it
was. stated, "to relieve the Eleventh,
which in turn is ordered to- Fort Des
Moines, this department."
At the office of the adjutant of the
Department of Missouri it was said
this afternoon that there was no truth
in the report.
OMAHA, Neb., Dec. 21. -One hun
dred and four members of the Second
Cavalry, United States army, with an
officer, passed through Omaha this
morning on a special Union Pacific
train for San Franciscg. to sal'l on the
transport Thomas on January 1. The
men come from Fort Sheridan*. Al
though they are under orders to sail
for Manila, the men confidently profess
the. belief that instead of being sent
to the Philippines they will be held in
readiness at San Francisco to be sent
to Panama, should exigencies demand
the presence of American troops on the
isthmus. One private said:
"All of the boys on the train thor
oughly believe we will be in Panama
long before we ever see Manila. I don't
know where the information came
from, but it seems to prevail in the
entire -orce."
Troopers of the Second •Believe They
Arc En Route to Panama.
CAVALRY MAY. BE NEEDED.
Bone Replaced After False Tissue Is
Cut Away and the Patient
Will Recover.
SIOUX CITY, Iowa, Dec. 21.— An ope
ration said to have no parallel in the
surgical wcrld was performed In St.
* Joseph's Hospital to-day by Dr. Wil
liam Jepson of the State University.
John Norstrom fell from a load of
hay, striking on his head and breaking
his neck. He has been almost para
lyzed *or weeks.
A portion of the third cervical verte
brae was removed, the false growth of
tissue was cleaned out and the bone
replaced. The patient Is doing well,
with every prospect of recovery.
PORTION* OF THE SPINAL
VERTEBRAE IS REMOVED
WASHINGTON, • Dec. 21. — It ft
stated at the Treasury Department
that where a pension certificate has
been issued to . a woman who Imper
sonated the widow of a deceased pen
sioner and pension checks have been
drawn payable to her and delivered to
her upon vouchers executed by her
and the bank cash such checks.. which
were indorsed and paid at the sub
treasury upon which they were drawn,
the Government will .make reclama
tion of the amount. .
In other words, bankers and other
persons who cashed pension checks
are charged with: the responsibility of
establishing the identity of the payees
of such checks to the same extent that
they are charged with the responsi
bility of establishing the identity of the
payees of checks issued in ordinary
commercial transactions. The exhibi
tion of a pension certificate is not
identification of a person named
therein.
Should Fraud Be Practiced at
Cashier's Window. .
Government "Will Not Bear the Loss
BANKS MUST IDENTIFY
PENSION* CHECK HOLDERS
NEW YORK, Dec. 21.— When Frank
Henry Burris. a ship's cook, was placed
on trial In Brooklyn to-day for the
murder of Captain George B. Town
send, sklnper of the lumber schooner
Charles Buckley, on November 10, the
prisoner admitted his guilt and a writ
ten confession was submitted, in which
he declared that he had shot the cap
tain deliberately and with premedita
tion because the latter owed him
money, and that he desired to facili
tate the trial because he preferred to
be executed rather than remain In prig
on. The confession further stated that
the prisoner had previously killed three
men.
SHIP'S COOK CONFESSES
MURDER OF THE SKIPPER
According to the St. Petersburg cor
respondent of the National Zcitung, in
a dispatch quoted by the Berlin cor
respondent of the Times. It is believed
in Russian official circles that a' winter
campaign In the Far East is possible.
It is the expectation in St. Petersburg
that the Question of war will be de
cided within fourteen days. Russia, it
Is added, is determined not to declare
war, in order to avoid the odium of tak
ing the initiative.
The Tokio correspondent of the Times
says that, owing to the rumors of' the
assembling of military transports at
Hiroshima, there has been a sharp fall
in market quotations on all Japanese
stocks.
LONDON, Dec; 22.— The Peking cor
respondent of the Times says a report
is current, and is believed to be true,
that Japan's request for the reconsid
eration by Russia of her reply to Ja
pan's demands was accompanied by a
specification of a time limit.
On account of the open ".hostility of
the entire Russian regime in Manchu
ria to American trade, the withdrawal
of American capital in\-ested there has
already begun. ' . . - ;
The gravity of the situation is fully
verified by the report of the Japanese
and British Ministers that Japan has
dfmanded that Russia, consider her re
ply within a limited time. The report
is generally credited. ;
PEKING, Dec. 21.— Because of the
receipt of a dispatch from the Chinese
Minister in Tokio, warning the throne
of the imminence of war between Ja
pan and Russia and urging the Dow
ager Empress to- prepare for the con
flict, a' secret meeting "of the Grand
Council has been convened. The high
est Chinese officials are greatly alarmed
and are helpless. • '
Special Dispatrti to The Call.
Reports received here from both cen
ters of the Japanese-Russian contro
versy lead the officials. to conclude that
the situation, while serious, does not
involve an extension of the present
crisis. A dispatch received to-day from
Tokio frankly j sets forth the agitated
state'of Japanese public sentiment and
the Intense feeling against Russia and
foreshadows ¦ the -possible- dispatch of
Japanese trooos to Korea; but, it Is
added, if this is done it will be with
the assent of Russria, which ..will re
lieve the expedition of, having the sig
nificance of a war move against Russia.
The official advices from St. Peters
burg continue to have a hopeful tone,
and with . advices from Tokio • of . the
same tenor the authorities here assert
they have good reason to believe that
the situation, although serious, has not
reached the point of a war crisis being
imminent.- >¦- - ¦'- ;
A dispatch to the Hava Agency from
Seoul, Korea, says:
"Numerous conflicts have occurred at
Chemulpo and Monsampho between
Japanese and Korean inhabitants.- The
Japanese telegraph operators have
charge of "the line from Seoul to the
coast. The possibility of Japanese
troops landing to preserve order is dis
cussed, but it would be done only with
the consent of the Russian Govern
ment."
The feeling on the Bourse torday con
tinued depressing, owing to unsatisfac
tory reports regarding the Russo-
Japanese situations. All internationals
were affected, Russian securities the
most. Toward the close a calmer feel-,
ing prevailed on the report that Japan
was seeking to transfer the negotia
tions to St. Petersburg. Industrials
shared in the depression, Rio Tintos
losing 12 francs. " V' ¦ ;
notified China' that if she allied her
self with 'Japan pendfng. a settlement
of the Japanese-Russian controversy
France would advance in Southern
China. • It is said in 'this connection that
France has not taken any steps what
ever and is not contemplating action
tn the event of a rupture between Ja
pan and Russia. On the contrary, the
official view is that France and Great
Britain" are not" likely to become in
volved'and that' Russia' and Japan will
be left: to settle- their own controversy.
Realization of the true situation, it
is said, .will not prevent General Reyes
calling upon the United States for a
reference to The Hague, of several of
the questions at issue. It is on this
point- that European diplomats have
told General Reyes that it is expecting
too "much to' ask .this Government to
pubrriit any phase of the Panama mat
ter to The Hague. Several Embassa
dors have earnestly advised the general
to ihjpress upon his people the fact
that Europe wants the isthmian canal,
and that Colombia can expect no sym
pathy friom that quarter. It has been
further pointed out by. these diplomats
that the proffered sympathy of several
South- American, republics can avail
Colombia nothing in the event of war
with the United States.
It is hoped that the receipt of this
news in Bogota will do much to" calm
the feelings there and hold the Coloni
bians in check until General Reyes can
return.
i. Great -Britain and -The Netherlands
have taken pains to let General . Reyes^
know indirectly 'tha'f Colombia reckons*
witfiout her host if she interprets "their
delay iri » recognizing, the republic of
Panama. as. an evidence^ of their sym
pathy for Colombia or as due, to other
than a -desire, to , protect the interests
of their financiers, who are the largest
holders of Government bonds. \*
.Official -confirmation has reached
WASHINGTON, Dec. 21.— Diplomatic
pressure will be brought to bear upon
Colombia by several European powers
to prevent - war between- that- country,
and the United States. THe first step
in this direction already has been taken
by several foreign powers through
their representatives here, who have in
formed General Rafael Reyes of the fu
tility of any attempt by Colombia to
retake Panama,' declaring -that it will
result only in precipitating the Bogota
Government into war with the United
States. The result of such a catas
trophe, they* declared, Colombia herself
must realize.
If this be not sufficient, the repre
sentatives of these countries in Bogota
will be instructed, to, inform President
Marroquin that Colombia can expect no
sympathy from the European powers
in i any movement i she may. make, upon
Panama, which would inevitably fn
volvo her in war with, the United
States.
REYES FEARS AN OT7TBREAK. •
Thfi members of the diplomatic corps
have been informed by General Reyes
himself that he fears he can. with' difi
culty check his people much . longer.
General Reyes is not talking for publi
cation, but to several European Embas
sadors he has confided his fears with
frankness and has said he is . doing
everything in his power to prevent an
outbreak before -the conclusion of his
mission, but that, r although his .in
fluence with the army is considerable,
he is so far away that it- is difficult for
him to make this felt as strongly as if
he were on the ground and in com
mand. •• : ¦ 1 •-. ¦ ' : ;
Diplomats whom General . Reyes has
approached on the subject, say. that
what he. most fears is the result of an
announcement in' Bogota of the failure
of. his mission. He realizes that the
most h*v can hope for from the Govern
ment of the United States -is an offer
that it\v.ill .use moral suasion to pre
vail, upon Panama to assume her por
tion of the , Colombian debt. Frequently
General' Reyes has been" told that he
can expect, nothing. .,.'.;
"I came to Washington to save what
I could from a shipwreck," he said to
a I diplomat of high rank.
CANNOT BE ARBITRATED.
t Under the impression that war is
surely to -occur between the United
States and Colombia, the quartermas
ter general of the army has been be
sieged by railroad and shipping men
desirous of transporting troops.
It was pointed out to-day that, while
the landing- of marines on foreign soil
occasions but little comment and is
only an evidence of a disturbed condi
tion of affaire, the embarkation of
troops' puts a different aspect upon the
situation: For this reason the navy
•will be permitted to continue to, control
affairs in isthmian waters, for the pres
ent at least, or until'matters reach a
stage necessitating the co-operation of
the army.
A long cablegram was received to-day
from Rear, Admiral Coghlan. com
manding the force at Colon, in which
he requested that crackers instead of
bread be dispatched to the Isthmus, as
the latter fowd molds quickly in the
trbpicarclimate.
Washington of the landing of Colom
bian troops on the Island of Los Pinos,
which lies close to the coast of Panama.
,Th,ese troops number eighty and they
have taken up a position on this high
island with the intention of making
paths through the Jungles.
It is safd here to be unlikely that our
naval commanders in Panama waters
will go to the extent of dislodging the
Colombian troops. On this point, how
ever, the policy of the Government has
not been definitely decided.
Rf ar Admiral Taylor, chief of the Bu
reau of Navigation and executive head
of the General Naval Board, to-day was
in conference with Captain John E.
Plllsbury, assistant chief of the bu
reau; Captain William Swift, chairman
of the general board's committee on the
fleet; Commander Winslow and Lieu
tenant Belknap of the Bureau of Navi
gation, in the secret office of the Bureau
of Navigation. Several cablegrams
which arrived from Rear Admirals
Glass and Coghlan over Sunday were
taken up for consideration and instruc
tions In reply were prepared and sub
mitted to Secretary Moody for approv
al. Nothing official regarding the con
ference was announced, except that it
concerned the isthmian situation.
COGHLAX i\SKS FOR CRACKERS.
. Coleman was made a battalion chief
last August. He won the Bennett medal
for bravery eight years ago for rescu
ing two women from a boarding-house
tire in East Tenth 'street.
Richard Joyce, a fireman, who was
appointed only ten days ago, was re
ported miss.ing after the fire was extin
guished. He was last seen in the build
ing just v before the walls fell.
After the building had been totally
destrpyed the body of Chief Coleman
was found .wedged under fallen debris
in such a position that the firemen were
unable tc reach it.
WON MEDAL FOR BRAVERY.
Father Smith, with three firemen,
turned back to the rescue and dragged
out Jones, who managed to stagger to
his feet. Jones, in pulling himself out,
'felt for Coleman. He found him so
pinned he could not rescue him, but got
his helmet, which he put on and es
caped. Within a minute the entire rear
and side walls fell.
DEATH OF CHIEF COLEMAN.
The fire,started ori.the third floor, and
when the firemen arrived the first, sec
ond'arid'third floors' were ablaze. The
third, fourth and fifth alarms^'ere sent
in in rapid succession And about tttvhour
after the fire started the 4 "two
alarm was sounded.
Battalion Chief Coleman had entered
the building with a number of men, in
cluding Lieutenant Jones and Father
Smith, the Fire Department chaplain.
They were about twenty-five feet in
side when the fire came through the
walls and the building shook. The fire
men saw the danger and dashed out.
The chaplain escaped, but a beam fell
and hit Coleman and Jones, pinning
them to the floor. . . • .
. Battalion Chief Martin Coleman per
ished In the fall of two great walls of
the factory, and a fireman is missing.
There was a frightful panic among the
inmates of the swarmfng front and rear
tenements opposite, and the "firemen
and police reserves from three precincts
had the utmost difficulty In getting the
people out to the street.
NEW YORK, Dec. 21.— The "two
nines" fire alarm, summoning more fire
apparatus than any. other alarm pro
vided for in the New York department,
was sounded to-night for a' fire which
destroyed the six-story factory build
ing of the Hermann Furniture and
Plumbing Cabinet Works In M.ott street
and the four-story x'arnlsh factory of
the firm, operated under the name of
the Hermann Lumber Company. A
quarter' of a million dollars' damage
was done. . . ' .• .
Cool men interceded and the young
Iran was conveyed to the County Jail,
where he was protected by officers dur
ing the day. His preliminary examina
tion was held this afternoon, and he
was placed under ?20O0 bonds to await
the action of the Circuit Court. He was
unable to furnish bail and was brought
to the County Jail in this city late this
evening, where he appears downcast,
but Fays he is thankful that he escaped
th«» wrath of the mob.
Rogoway's fathrr resides here, whore
he conducts a second-hand store. His
brother, Phil Rogoway, is a politician
In Portland. •
Gro*s had left tiwn before the fire,
but Rogoway was present. A number
of ci'jzens farmed a committee and
waited upon him. At first he denied any
knowledge of the affair and'maintaJned
that he was in his room asleep when
the alarm sounded. His hat, however,
was missing and he admitted that he
h2d lost it la the burning building.
A number of the business men be
came incensed at the position assumed
by Rogoway and secured a rope. A
noose was slipped around the man's
neck and the other end was tossed
over an end of a convenient telegraph
pole. "When the hemp commenced to
tighten around his throat Rogoway
collapsed and told the story. He said
that Gross was his brother-in-law, had
arranged ?or the fire and had hired him
to start it. H» afterward made a con
fession in writing, as the . one made
¦while the rope was around his neck
would be worthless in court.
THANKFUL FOR ESCAPE.
Th*» blaze started in Gross & Rogo
v.ay's store, in which was a stock of
goods, mostly odds and ends, which had
been brought to Lebanon for a "closing
out." The fire was clearly of ineendiary
origin and suspicion at once pointed to
the proprietors <if this store.
SIGNS OF INCENDIARISM.
ALBANY. O%., Dec. 21.— With a rope
around his neck and a mob of enraged
citizens clamoring for his life', a young
man named Rogoway made a confes
sion of incendiarism at an early hour
this morning in the town of Lebanon,
about fourteen miles southeast of liere.
That he was not lynched was due solely
to the fact that a few cool-headed resi
dents cf the town arrived in time to
counsel observance of the law.
A disastrous fire started in Lebanon
after midnight and caused the destruc
tion of the store of Gross & Rogoway,
Smith's candy store, a saloon and a
barber shop. The loss exceeds $10,000
and there is very little insurance. By
hard work the new Lebanon hotel and
adjoining business buildings were
saved.
• Special Dispatch to Tte Call.
Cockran will speak for Murphy. ii9
has received his portfolio as official an
nouncer of the Tammany policy. Cook
ran and Mr. Cleveland have not been
the best of fronds in the past, but they
will have an opportunity to bury tha
hatchet at the dinner \o the Mayor
elect.
- Murphy has not" only invited Cleve
land and Hill to speak but has been
assured that W. Bourke Cockran. Au
gust Belmont, John G. Carlisle. John
D. Crimmlna. A. P. Fitch. Hugh J.
Grant ami -other men of influence in
the financial world •will sit at the main
table. Mr. Cleveland sent a letter of
acceptance to Murphy to-day.
Mr. Cleveland in hl3 speech is ex
pected to outline what he considers will
be the paramount plank in the Demo
cratic platform.
Not even Murphy would tell what
was to be. the keynote of Hill's address.
but the 'leader of Tammany Hall is
willing to accept Hill's suggestion as
to the feasibility of nominating a New
York State man for the Presidency.
Murphy, and Hill have come to an un
derstanding in regard to Judge Parker,
and unless the dinner to Mayor-elect
McClellan develops a strong Cleveland
sentiment Judge Parker -probably will
be the choice of the influential men of
the New York Democracy.
OLD RIVALS BURY HATCHET.
Many Democrats said to-night that
Murphy had displayed skill in inducing
Cleveland and Hill to sit at the same
table. It will be the first time in sev
eral years that they have been brought
into contact, and this is regarded as
an indication that neither Icok3 upon
the ether now as a rival for V:.z -Presi
dency.
CLEVELAND WILL ADVISE.
NEW YORK. Dec. 21.— Judge Altro
B. Parker'3 boom for the Democratic
nomination for President will be
launched next Monday evening at a
dinner to take place in Sherry's, at
which former President Grover Cleve
land and former Senator David B. Hill
will speak. The dinner was arranged
by Charles F. Murphy, and, while It
is ostensibly given in honor of* Mayor
McClellan, It will really show for the
first time Murphy's hand in national
politics.
Murphy has been in communication
with party leaders and has laid tis
plans to carry this State for the Demo
cratic Electors. The fact that he has
invited and has received acceptances
from the Cleveland wing of tho party
is an indication that the Bryan element
has been thrown overboard.
The features of the platform of the
Democratic party may be outlined at
this dinner.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
Disastrous Fire the Result of a Con
spiracy Between Two of ths Shop
keepers of -Lebanon.
for Bravery Perishes While
Directing His, Men.
Man Who Won the Bennett Medal
Sage of Princeton and His Old-Tinw
Rival Are Expected to Advise as
to the 1904 Platform.
Young Man Pleads Guilty
to Save Himsell From
Angry Citizens.
GFOYer. Cleveland and David
B. Hill to Sit at tne
Same Table.
Hero of New York
Fire Department
Loses His Life.
Palling Walls of a Furni
/ ture Factory Pinion
Martin Coleman.
Lynching Threatened
in a TowLin
Oregon.
New York Demo
crats Will- Hold
Love Feast; ;
Jlre in Full Accord
With American
Nations of Europe
Bring Pressure
to Bear.
Japan Fixes the Time Limit for Final
Reply From St. Petersburg.
BATTALION
CHIEF DIES
IN FLAMES
TO LAUNCH
CANDIDACY
OF PARKER
MOB'S ROPE
ENFORCES
CONFESSION
CHIMA IS WARNED
FROM TOKIO THAT
WAR IS IMMINENT
FOREIGN POWERS
WARM COLOMBIA
TO KEEP PEACE
THE THEATXSB3.
Alcanas— "Bin* Jeans."
California — "Taxy Grandpa."
Central — "Alphona* and Gaston."
Columbia— "Dolly Vardea."
Plscher'*— "I. O. V. n/
Grand— "A Llttla Outcast.'*
Orpbeum — Vaudeville.
The Chutes — "Vaudeville.
rcrecast made at Baa Pram-'
cisco for thirty hoars endinr
midnirht. December 32 1
San rraaciBco and riciaity—
Pair Tuesday; Ujrht north wiad.
A. O. McADIE.
Oiitrlct rorecatter.
TEE WEATIES.
The San Francisco CallA Guaranteed Cure for. Files.
Itching, Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
Tour druggist will refund money if Paza
Ointment falls to cure you In 6 to 11 days. 50c*
NEW; HAVEN, •Conn.*,: Dec. 21.— At
a meeting- of , ;the parish of St. Paul's
Episcopal Church to-night it was vot
ed tbT. extend" a', call ; to' Rev. Edward
L.';Parsons of San Mateo. Cal., to suc
ceed -Bishop E. L. Lines ' of : the I Epis
copal diocese of Newark, N; j. 1 ••' '
San Mateo . Rector, Called , East.
VICTORIA, B. C. Dec. 21.— Rear Admiral
Bickford. C. II. G., retiring ' commander In
chief of the British squadron In thfc North Pa
cific, -.who ( to-day, rave place to Commander
Goodrich left . for England to-night; accompa
nied by his etaff. •
POTTSVILLE, Pa., Dec. 21.— Much
excitement has been caused here b.y re
ports f rom Aucheys Station, Schuylkill
County^ of the discovery 'of. beds of pure
anthracite coal far* beyond Mhe/llmitB
of \w hat 'has heretofore been' considered
Ah'e southern boundary of the hard coal
region in Pennsylvania.. Many. farmers
in the district have begun "to prospect
for veins on their property.
• * •-. ¦¦¦' i,'.? :-.•:"¦¦¦:? ¦-.'"¦ •-'"¦ ' ' ¦. :
New Coal Lead Discovered.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 21.— The Cor
oner's jury in the case of Tom Pen
dergast, the "pugilist who died a few
hours after his t fight with Kid Wil
liams last Friday, night, returned a
verdict that .".deceased . came to his
death f Tom rupture '"fit / a blood j vessel
In the brain caused by; blows' received
in a boxing contest withT Kid Williams
in this city, and, in our opinion, with
out malice." ~ . t , ;
Pugilist Killed "Without Malice."
WASHINGTON, Dec. 21.— The Navy
Department is advised of the # arrival
of the gunboat Helena at Newchwang,
China, where, she has gone into a mud
dock for. the winter. For some time
the department was without advices
from the Helena, although she had or
ders to. proceed to her present station.
The report of her commander contains
no news "bearing on the situation In
Manchuria. . ' ,' ; .- V
Gunboat Helena at Xewchwang.
Playing cards, game- counters, • poker
chips, dominoes, chess a'nd checkers in
elegant cases for Christmas. Sanborn
Vail & Co. ... • '
BATON ROUGE. La., Dec. 21.— Both
houses of the Legislature to-day adopt
ed a resolution requesting the United
States' Senators from this State to vote
in favor of the treaty providing for the
building of the Panama canal.
Two Democratic Votes for Canal.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 21.— The cruis
er Topeka, Commander Witner, will
leave Admiral Wise's fleet to-morrow
for Colon, stopping at Key West for a
detachment of marines. The orders
were received from Washington to-day.
The other ships will remain here until
Saturday.
Reinforcements for the Marines.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Dec. 21. — The
Building Trades Council ..and the
Plumbers'. Union were temporarily
enjoined by Judge Hosea of/the Su
preme Court to-day from interfering
with the employes of the Contractors'
Association, by way of discipline, j The
application grows out of an assault
said to have been made on E. W.
Blake, foreman, by strikers because
Blake, who is . also a stockholder in
the company, persisted in working on
a contract.
Trades Unions Enjoined.
The Spaniard, badly wounded, then
ran into a saloon and came out again
with a dagger, having emptied his pis
tol. The Mexican, with great ' effort!
had risen to his feet, and supporting
himself against the side of the saloon
building he flred at the Spaniard again.
The latter was making a savage effort
to attack him with the dagger, but was
held off by officers, who had just ar
rived.
The Mexican lived a short time. He
had been married only two months. The
Spaniard may not live through the
night. . l t _
TAMPA, Fla., Dec. 21.— A discussion
over the alleged obscenity of one of
Emile Zola's novels led to a street duei
with pistols in Ybor City this mornlng;
one duellist being killed and the other
fatally wounded.
Jesus Fernandez, a Spaniard, and En
rique Velasquez, a Mexican, were em
ployed in the Levere cigar factory!
They got into a dispute over the book
last night and had a fist fight. They
parted swearing to slay one another
when next they met. f
'At 9 o'clock this morning the Span
lard and the Mexican met at the corner
of Eighteenth street and Ninth avenue,
a thickly settled quarter. Both backed
off a few paces and drew revolvers. The
Mexican fell at the second fire, but
raised on his elbow and fired a third
time at,his adversary, who had in the
meantime put five bullets in the Mexi
can's body.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Russians Express Optimism.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 21.— Officials
of the Foreign Office do not share the
pessimistic feeling regarding the situ
ation in the Far East which now seems
to be general. They say there is no
reason to despair of. a peaceful settle
ment of the difficulties over which Rus
sia and Japan are at variance.
Miss Robson in New Comedy.
• -WASHINGTON, Dec. 21. — An un
usually large and fashionable audience
to-night welcomed Miss Eleanor Rob
son in the' new National Theater when
she appeared in ZangwtH's comedy.
•JMerely Mary Ann." Senator' Platt of
New York had a pariy of friends pres
ent and many Senators and members
of the House of Representatives, who
are spending the Christmas recess of
Congress in Washington, attended Miss
Robson's opening performance.
Davis Arrives at Alexandretta.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 21.— The Navy
Department is informed of the arrival
at Alexandretta yesterday of the
cruiser San Francisco, carrying as a
passenger Consul Davis,. who recently
left Alexandretta for Beirut because of
trouble with the police at the first
named city.
One 3ran Dead and Another
Dying as Eesult of a Dispute
Over a Novel by Zola
morning from San Miguel and reports
that the two outposts at Yaviza and
Real Sar*ta Maria are in good shape
ar.d well established. The monitor
Wyoming has ascended the estuary be
tween the outposts and is now an
chored twenty miles therefrom. The
system of communication is so good
that Admiral Glass can get news from
. the outposts in eighteen hours.
The detachment of marines at Ya
viza is engaged in scouting the entire
district, and eo far has not reported
the presence of Colombian troops. The
' detachment of marines at Real Santa
Maria is provided with four Colt' ma
chine guns. Each post possesses two
ship boats, and the marines are doing
much river exploring In these boats.
Th<* presence of ten was re
cently reported at Tapjili. They posed
as rubbcr-cuttcrs, but it is believed
Continued From Page 1, Column 6.
COLON. Dec. 21.— Information has
been, received here that about 100 Co
lombian troops have landed at the
Island of Pines, northwest of Cape Tlb
uron, which is'sltuated at the western
entrance of the Gulf of Darien. The
Island of Pines is in Pajnama territory
and is the only islapd along "that coast
which is wooded, peaked with moun
tains and well watered, thus offering
every facility for camping and being
used as a base of operations.
The United States auxiliary cruiser
Mayflower left this harbor yesterday,
bound in the direction of the Island
of Pines, to obtain information. The
United States gunboat Bancroft Is still
on that coast in the vicinity of Nombre
di Dios. The United States cruiser
Nashville has returned -to Colon - from
Bocas del Toro.
Rear Admiral Coghlan has trans
ferred his flag to the United States
auxiliary cruiser Prairie.
Thirty- five . of the United States
cruiser Prairie's marines were landed
to-day and took a train for Baa Obyspo
station* near. Emperadoi-. They will
occupy the canal company's house at
Bas Obyspo. ;
Small Force of Colombians Lands on
the Island of Piues.
PAXA3IA SOIL INVADED.
they were Colombian spies. Some of
them were arrested by the Panama au
thorities and were sent by schooner to
Buena Ventura. The others scattered,
a few of them appearing later at Cana
and at Paya, a small hamlet. Other
wise the Darlen district Is quiet.
Orders have been given to the com
manders of the gunboats in the San
Miguel gulf and to the outposts to
keep a careful watch for Colombian
troops, to avoid contact or the opening
of hostilities with them as far as pos
sible and to inform the Iflagshlp . im
mediately of their presence.
REVOLVER DUEL
ENDS QUARREL
FOREIGN mm WARR COLOMBIA
The board of directors of the associa
tion recommends that the objects, and
constitution of.the Citizens' Industrial
Association of America, recently organ
ized in Chicago, be approved, and that
the association send delegates to the
convention to be held in February and
pledge the support of the Manufactur
ers' Association to the new movement.
,NEW YORK, Dec7 21.— After working
on the problem for more than" a year, a
special committee of the Manufacturers'
Association of New York presented a
report on the subject of capital and la
bor at the meeting in the rooms of the
association in Brooklyn to-night. .
The report, which was laid on the ta
ble until the next meeting, discusses the
question of labor and capital at much
length, dealing with the inception of
trusts and the rise of the labor unions.
It suggests, as the solution of some of
the labor.troubles, the restriction of Im
migration and the founding of trades
schools, diplomas from which will in
sure its owner a right to work unmo
lested for such-wages and such hours as
may be agreeable to him personally.
Manufacturers' Association of
New York Presents Important
Beport on Capital and Labor
BERLIN. Dec. 21.— W.r in the Far
East is regarded in official quarters
here as improbable for several weeks,
for the reason that Japan will continue
to negotiate, and Russia's policy is un
derstood to be simply to "sit tight and
hold on"; {o make no specific promises
concerning the territories in dispute and
to meet an' attack if Japan will be sat
isfied with nothing else. Russia will let
nothing go. Japan must be^content with
that or 'fight. This attitude, it is be
lieved. Is approved by the Czar,, who is
not willing' -that Russia, should take the
aggressive.- The Czar's advisers believe
that Great Britain, will not be involved.
. The financial editor of the Tageblatt
says neither Russia nor Japan can hope
for a loan from Germany, because the
German bankers neyer. engage In for
eign government loans without consul
tation with and the consent of the For
eign Office, and the Foreign Office will
not give consent. . . Russian securities
are not in favor in Berlin now. A fresh
loan to Russia would not. In any case,
be made without excellent terms, and
not at all without government approval.
The bankers "here believe the greatest
security of peace is the difficulty, per
haps the impossibility, of either Rus
sia or Japan obtaining money in the
United States, France, Germany or
Great Britain. i
tiate Desired Loan.
Neither Russia Nor Japan Can Nego-
BAXKS MAY PREVENT WAR.
LONDON, Dec. 2i— Lord Rothschild,
while declining to-day to venture an
opinion as to the. outcome, of the Jap
anese-Russian crisis, said: j
••;"One.of the most important factors
Is> whether America will seize the op
portunity to press her claims for open
ports in Manchuria. If she dpes, it
would "certainly help toward a peaceful
solution. I have heard of no suggested
loans, -.'either Japanese or Russian.
What they would have to do in case of
war .Is a hypothesis I do not care to
discuss.' So far there is no war and the
present conditions arei quite puzzling
enough without endeavoring to proph
esy," . .'..-: ,• .- ¦ . ¦ /
The . dispatch _rom Tokio was the
first intimation the Japanese legation
here received that Japan's reply had
actually been .communicated to Baron
de .'Rosen, f The, legation, however, had
been adyjsed^that the reply would be
transmitted.'jib-day. The legation later
communicated the details of the reply
to* the British Foreign 'Office, But in
formed the press that" it was not per
mitted to' divulge rtlhem. ' The legation
admitted t^tiviri; general -terms the
."proes dispatch j f rtjrh . Tokfo covered the
situation,: whicjv. a legation | official
characterized- as :belng "Quite : grave,"
but one from which no decisive devel
opments could be -expected immedi
ately... .
British-Financier Says America Could
. . * Jnsure Peace in Orient.
LORD ROTHSCHILD'S VIEW.
panies.
HOUGHTON, Mich., Dec. 21. — The
wages of iron mine employes . of the
Oliver Mining Company, which is -the
iron end of the steel trust, will be re
duced from 10 to 17 per cent on Janu
ary 1. ¦ < -.
NEW YORK, Dec 21.— The directors
of the United States Reduction and Re
fining Company have passed the Janu
ary dividend on the preferred stock.
In a circular, letter *o holders of the
preferred shares the statement is made
that the business of the company had
been seriously affected by labor. troubles
since February last, r.t which time a
strike was declared in a Colorado City
works of the company by the ."Western
Federation of Miners. -
PUEBLO, Dec. 21. — Notices were
posted at the Colorado. Fuel and Iron
Company's works this afternoon that
when the works resume, which prob
ably will be within a few'days, it will
be at a reduction of 10 per cent in wages
of the main, body of skilled workmen.
This is understood to be a result of the
similar action taken by Eastern com-
SHARON, Pa., 'Dec- 21.— The wages
of the furnace workers of the Mahoning
and Shenangro" valleyrf will -be reduced
about'10 per cent. The Shenango Fur
nace Company was the first to make
the cut; and the independents it. is said
will make a similar reduction.
JOLIET, 111., Dec. 21. — The suspension
of work at the Illinois Steel Company's
plant here will be practically complete
by the end of the week;- The converter
and billet mills, employing 1000: men,
closed down to-day. Officials here as
sign ho cause for the shut-down, neith
er can they estimate the duration ,of
the suspension. .
- CHICAGO, Dec. 21. — President Buf
fington of the Illinois Steel Company
termed the shutting down of the mills
"the usual winter closing" and gave
the date of probable resumption as
January 25. Four thousand steel mill
laborers at South Chicago, employed by
the Illinois Steel Company, have been
notified that they will be laid off next
Thursday. Thirteen hundred employes
of the slab, open hearth and slate mills
have already been discharged. Needed
repairs is given as the reason.
XO JANUARY DIVIDENDS.
PITTSBURG, Dec. 21.— Semi-official
information was given out to-day that
after Christmas a general reduction in
wages is to be made at all non-union
iron and steel plants in the country, to
average about 10 per cent. Representa
tives of -the United States Steel Cor
poration are said to have'met with in
dependent interests, and an agreement
has been reached for a uniform- read
justment of the wages of all employes.
A high official of the Jones & Laugh
lin Company ' said to-nighl that no
signed agreement had been made be
tween the United States Steel Corpora
tion and the independent manufactur
ers as to a wage reduction, but a con
ference between the local concerns had
been held in order to have the read
justment uniform throughout the dis
trict. He said the reduction would
amount to, about 10 per cent and be
come effective after January 1.
Including the workmen who have al
ready had their wages cut Yind those
who will be reduced after the first of
the year it is estimated that the num
ber of iron and steel, men affected in
the Pittsburg district, which Includes
Aharon, Youngstown and the valleys,
will reach fully 80,000.
The Glassport hop mills resumed-op
erations to-day after a shut-down of
several weeks. .The tonnage men re
turned to work at a reduction in wages
varying from 20 to 35 per cent.
The idle window glass workers of the
country will, receive cash Christmas
presents from the 'organizations; of
which they are members. Fully $75,000
will be distributed. This money will
come directly out of the treasuries of
the two associations. . -,-.'¦
* TEX PER CENT DECREASE. V:-
ALTOONA. Pa!, Dec. 21.— The Buf
falo, Rochester and Pittsburg Coal and
Coke. Company announced to-day a
wage reduction at its Helvetia plants
amounting to 10 per cent, to go into ef
fect on January. 1. While the Helvetia
mines are an insignificant part of the
company's works, the reduction, is con
sidered prophetic of a more sweeping
move by theTcompany shortly, which
will cut the Wages of no less than 16,000
men. The reduction is said to be a vio
lation of the Altoona scale agreement,
and it is feared other competing com
panies in the field may follow suit, with
a far-reaching result to the miners of
the central field.
WOULD FOUND
TRADES SCHOOLS
NEW YORK, Dec"; 21.— By, the arrest
to-day of Emil Totterman, a Swedish
sailor, the police, believe" they "nave*
cleared the mystery -of the murder of
Sarah Martiiv'w.hose mutilated' body,
was found yesterday afternoon in .Kel
ly's Hotel, a low 'sailors' 'resort on the
East River, fronts. _T.he arrest,_which
was made in the Sailors' Union.head
quarters, followed information received
from detectives who '-were^ .sent., .to'
Bridgeport,. Conn.*," to follow Wclew s.up
plied;by a purchase. 'check "pf^ Meigs/&
Co. of Bridgeport for 'a pair, of shoes;
and a sweater! which.; was found Jn.'.th*'
room in which the crime was commit
ted. , £>V£ •:- : , ¦'¦*¦> ,¦¦
On the wrapper of a parcel left in the
room by the murderer was written .in
pencil the name "Fred C. Belaho,".and r
underneath, the name "E. Totterraan."
The detectives reported . from Bridge
port that the schooner Fred C. Belano
was lying at that port and that a sailor
named Totterman had been discharged
from her on Saturday. They also ob
tained, a good description of the .man
who on. Saturday purchased the shoes
and sweater from Melgs & Co. .With
this description, detectives in this city
picked out Totterman from" among a
crowd of seamen at th§. Sailors' ,UnIon.
When searched there was found on him
a sailor's claspknlfe, the blade of which
appeared to bear blood stains.
At police headquarters the, prisoner
was fully identified by James •Kelly,
the proprietor of the hotel, his wife and
other persons as the man who on "Sat-,
urday night accompanied -the woman,
Sarah Martin, to the room in which! her"
body was fo.unct. 1 " Totterman declared"
that he had -never been at the -hotel,", al
though he admitted'that Jie had come
from Bridgeport on Saturday. He also
denied having purchased there the
shoes and sweater.- Totterman was ar
raigned Uv the Police. Court and re
manded on the'technical charge of "be
ing a "suspicious .character." "Later
two salesmen for Melgs & Co. fully
identified Totterman as the man who
bought the shoes and sweater.
The police say that Totterman is also
known as Carl Nielson.
Prisoner ; 'lsr Identified ¦- by Pro
prietor^ of Resort in Which
the Brutal Crime Occurred
All Employes of the Illinois
Company's Works at Joliet
Are TJirowri Into Idleness
NETWORK OF EVIDENCE
STEEL MILLS SHUT DOWN
Reductions Will Go Into Effect
at Many Eastern Plants on
the First of the New Year
New York Police Confident
/That They Have the Slayer
of Sarali Martin Under Arrest
correspondent says that Russians have
b£gun the building of a rampart
around Port Arthur, to Include the new
town, and that the old rampart is- to
be demolished. *;,j - .
' The Daily Mail prints a' report from
Seoul to the effect that M. Pavloff. the
Russian Minister, has- entered objec
tions to the landing of Japanese sap
pers'attached to the telegraph guards.
The Daily- Mail's Shanghai ' corre
spondent says that the British, crulsor
Sirius, which should have wintered
there; has been ordered to proceed to
Welhaiwei, where, it-is" expected, a
naval concentration 'will take place.
Late last night, in reply to an in
quiry. Baron Haynshi, the Japanese
Minister, said that he had -no further
information or dispatches concerning:
the progress of the negotiations be
tween Japan and' Russia. ' • • -¦
> * -. •¦ - ••- • • - '¦» ¦'- j - % » ¦
LABOR'S WAGE
IS DECREASED
TRACE MURDER
1 TO i 'SEilMAN
CHINA IS MED HIM Mil
i . ••'¦VJV- , t
Continued From Page I, Column 3.
*THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL 4 , TUESDAY, / DECEMBER , 22, 1903.
2
Trouble and Never Suspect It
Almost every one, from personal experience, knows that the effects of any kind of severe physical
strain are felt, first of all, in the small of the back-"- in other words, in those Vital Organs,' the Kidneys. This is
as true in the case of the very powerful as it is with one of less strength, and it is especially true' whenever the'
kidneys are weak or out of order. ?' • * ' . . j
The Great Kidney Remedy, Swamp- Root^ strengthens the kidneys and through them helps all the
ciher organs. ¦ ' "' ' \ : (*
WOMEN* suffer untoM mjsery because the nature of. their, disease is not always.^correctly understood; in many cases
when doctoring they are led to believe that womb trouble or female weakness of some sort is responsible for their ills,
when in fact disordered kidnevs are the chief cause -of their distressing troubles. Perhaps you suffer almost -con-
• rintaihr with pain in the back, bearing down feelings, headachy and utter exhaustion.'^ .- ~ *"-
I^_ I' YOUR poor health makes' you nervot/s, irritable, and at times desoondent:
DIDN'T KNOW I H'D KIDNEYTBOU^LE I. but thousands of iust such suffer-in*. or bVokcn-down weftnen are beine re-
1 stored to health' and "strencth eve_rv day by the use of that wonderful discovery.
I had tried M n^ny remrtie, without their Dr. Kilmer's- Stparhp-Root. the srreat kidney, liver and bladder remedy.
taring benefited me ttat I. was afrout discour- . , , ,. , i , ¦ , , WQ-r on l y dOCS Swamp-Root brinC
" ; TODAY I AM IN SPLENDID HEALTH \ new life and activity to the' kidnevs. the
/yf'-*'^ - " . ' ' . ¦ . cause, of the trouble, but by strengtn-
// ' , . >O\ About is months ago I had a"very severe at- en i n i the kidneys it acts as a general.
. If-''-'*- >: -'W>-^<r^C s '¦'•¦¦:>:'-:-W i tack of grip. I was extremely sick for three 7 ,.° . e j r__ tt.- . n »; rl > rnn«;ri-
//^&MS§ff&£ "-- VVS, weekB. and when I flnaUy washable to leave my tonic-and food for the entire constl
/ ' '•'&*£ :; iil \ if' '/?C$^£iira$Mipii^ ' \\ My kidnf>ys nnd biaador gave ini? Brent trou "
C ' ¦ ' ' ' ' f li^alth irl n nn d?wn r1^"\ nzT'h N VJHEELFR liT) V^^^^S^SS^S^^fiV
had ¦ appetite. vv«5 dirzy ana»fuff*red nith H ,^\ Mnb>. W./V. WliCtLt.K. /J[/ \ \4M^ J^WKS^^/,WfMM/ 1
h'-ac'v : • moM : thf ::::..- I did r,9'. kr.o.w that . ¦ , • "' . . , , , , \S^^S^^X%jS^^M*^~-.'mijMi I
r , k !ne>« ¦'¦:¦ the . m .-•• of my trouble but l)f " i l wa? Ieft ' Blth excruciatins rains In my \ \^*i^a^^4if^^i^%<lC ? W/
f : ¦, . > -i.r rnUrh: bf ft-.d I Vpun t«k- back, which ropvincfd me that I bad a severe \T^vro*!O@@C ( *bsnn^^K//
:-. Snairy-Root. as above ftateri Therf i= kidney trouble My rhyFlcal condition ¦ waS \\V\\V\\«VfeJ^C''>Ti^r /
furh f. r.V;.- -• •. -•<• to Pwan:r--Root and it fuch th8t ' ha * n ° strength and wa^ all run WVuVWVS 'aJ^//
»- • .- ripht :a th* rooi and drive* <1!s«p?.5p out of down. My sitter. Mrs. C. K. LiltlCfiWd. or Lynn \^A\\\\\\^SrCV^V/
th" wrtan. It haf> cured me, Tnaklnir me advised me to «rlve Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root a V^\\V\l%«l«yv
Ftr^rjrer p.nl b'ttrr in rverj' way, arid I rhper- trial. I procured a bottle and Inside of three \^^r
fully rpcon*!nc-nd it tn a'l Fufferers Orat^'ully dayt* commenced to get relief. I followed up .» ¦¦¦^^ fc ' ' ' *~^ — 'k 1^^^/
yours. WRS." A. L. WALKER," that bottIe wltn anol her and at the completion MRS EL AUSTIN. Ijl / .
46 "n-ept Linden Ft Atlanta Ga of thi<? one found J was completely cured. >\jl #r<r>c^ *** '^f f j
, 2 ' __ My strength returned and to-day I am as well . *
THE IV7 1 LD.and~extraordin.-iry effect "T™^^ 1 .? deal oV t°he ?, me* "and L'v™ I became -eak. ' emaciated and very
Of the WOrld-famcuS kidnev and blad- to us " much energy in cetting around. My much run down. 1 had great difficulty in re-
Af.r , ..,. j, "».-a,vi^ Vssj-.t ":^ cure is «h*"r«-fcre all the more remarkable and taininy my urine, and was obliged to pass wa-.
rcraeaj, , s S oon re- !„ exceedingly gratifying to me. Swamp-Root ter very often night and day. After I had used
allZed. It Stands the h.ghest for its 1» Pkaear.t to take Sincerely youre. & B _p,-, e - bottle of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root,
wonderful Cures OX the most distress- 20 Prospect Bt. Lynn. Mass. sent me on m y requtsU I experienced relief.
inc cases. A trial will convince any ~ " ~ > — ¦ and I imniediately bought of my druggist two
one— and you may have » sample bottle cent free bv mail • largre bottl «' 9 and continued taking it regularly.
t,, «-,l.; nrr i~> r x.:*:!^.--', C -T— . o » a j \' i i m I arn Pleased to say that Swamp-Root cured me
fnr J' \t \ bwa . mp -, Ro 1 ot - vo " affor , d n^Ural help to Nature. , nU rely. 1 can now -.tana on Vnv feet all day
lor bu amp- Koot is the most perfect nealer and gentle aid to the kidneys that without any bad symptoms whatever. sw>m?:
has ;?ver been discovered. Don't make any mistake, but remember the name. Root has proved a blessing to me. Gratefully
Swamp-Root. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the address, Binehamton. N. Y.. yourB « ' ' "
on every bottle. . • ¦„ , ¦ • mrs. e.austik.
19. Xassau St.. Erocklyn, N. Y.
. f '. : . •" . . ¦ . • ¦
To Prove What SWAMP-ROOT, the Great Kidney, Uver and Bladder} Remedy? Will doigrYOU,
I Every Reader of The Call May Have a by Maif. \
I "" ™""""""~~"^ ¦>~---»--->--------->«Baa------BB__^_ a __ a ___»
EDITORIAL NOTICE— No matter how many doctors you have tried— no matter how much money «
• vo-j may have spent on other medicines, you really owe it to yourself, and >td~ your "family, to at least Rive "'
bwamp-Kr.ota trial. Its strongest friends to-day are those who had .almost given up hope of everbecoming '
; well again. \ o;: may have a sample bottle of this wonderful discovery, Swamp-Root, sent absolutely free j
by mail, also a book telling all about Swamp-Root, and containing mapy of the thousands upon thousands of '
testimonial letters received from men and women who owe th6ir good health, in fact, their very lives to its i
wonderful crrative properties. In writing to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamtpn, N. Y., be sure to say that you read '
this jrenerou? offer in the San Francisco^ Daily Call. If you are already convinced that Swamp-Root is what '
yon need, you can purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-dollar size battles at the ,drug stores everywhere
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
rReal Easy %<^
Save lots of il,
Everything that's
Beautiful
Chin aware. Crockery
Glassware
Fancy Holiday
Ornaments and Novelties
Dolls, Lamps, Clocks
Rich Cut Glass
Dinner Sets
Come before Parting with
your Money '
fGet our prices 9.
Great American Importing Jm
Tea Co. *|f
100 Stores I
That's ths Reason. _0
SCI Market. 1418 Polk. 1S19 J )evlf. a <3»ro
210 Grant »%-. 705 I.arkin. 300C Kixteenth.
140 Sixth. 475 Haight. t21 Mcntg'jr _r.
:-_¦. Hayes. £."10 Mirsicn. 3265 Mission.
.140 Ninth. r.2 Market. R66 Third.
200SFlUroore. 27S2 24th. 469 Fourth.
SJl B EcbWUbI @
PERFECT
Used by people of refinements
for over a quarter of a century
PREPARED OT
TIME. * ' % '
' Choice Selections to Choose From.
Novel "and exclusive designs in
' f every department. ¦ , ,
We invite inspection of goods and
comparison of prices.
W. & J, SLOANE_&..CQ.
J* Carpets, Furniture, Draperies j*
;U4-H3-H8-if2<M22 Post Street
Positively cured hy these
•* Uttle Pills.
They also relieve Distress fronx Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
feet remedy for Dizziness, Xausea, Drowsi-
&«s, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tong_s
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Sinai! PI!!. Small Dose.
.Small Price.
EVMBLADEWRRANTED
OCEAN TBAVEL.
® Steamers leave San Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketchlkan. Wrangel.
Juneau. liaines, Skaguay.
etc.. Alaska— 11 a. m.. Dec.
17, 22. 27, Jan. 2. Chang*
to company's steamers at
Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver,
Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. 'Whatcoro — 11 a. m.. Dec. 17.
22. 27 Jan U. Change at Seattle to thl3 com-
pany"s steamers for Alaska ar.d G. N. Ry.: at
Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver
to C. P. Railway.
For Eureka (Huir.ooldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30*
p. m.. Dec. IS. 24. 30. Jan. 5; Corona. 1:30 p.
m., Dec. 21, 27. Jan. 2.
For Loe Angeles <vla Port Los Anselei and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a: m.
State of California, Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles <vla S^h Pedro and East
San Pedro), .Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz, Mm.
terey, San Simeon. Cayums. Port Harfonl (Saa
Luis ObisrJo). Ventura and Hueneme. • . .
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Dec. 19. 27, Jan. 4.
Bonita. 0 a. m.. Dec. 2.1. 31. Jan. 8.
For Ensenada. Masdaiena Bay, San Josa del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Hex.). 10 a. in.. 7th of eac_
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
trig date*.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 N'ew Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street a_(*
Broadway ¦wharves. • \
Freight office, 10 Market street.
C. D. DUN ANN. General Passenger A Kent.
10 Market street. San Francisco.
A-TERICAX? Hire.
Plymouth— Cherbourg: — Soutliamptoa.
From New York Saturdays at 9:30 a. m.
Philadelphia ...Jan. 2!New York Jan. 18
St. Louis Jan. 9iSt. Paul '.Jan. 23
SPECIAL NOTICE.
• After January 1, 1!X>4. American Line steam-
ers from New York for Southampton w!U calL
at Plymouth and Cherbourg to land maila and
passengers for Lon.ion and Paris.
ATLANTIC TRAKSPOKT _.INE.
New York — London Direct.
Mlnnehaha.Jan.2. 5 am:Minnetnka.Jan.l6.5 an*
Mesaba. ." .Jan 0, ft ani'Mt*nomnee,Jftn.2-'5.9 ara
Only Flrst-«^a3s Fasipnaers Carried.
DOMHTIO1T. Z.INE.
Portland — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Canada ... Jan. 2|Canarlrv Feb. 9
Dominion" .;...Jan. 2?J Dominion ...-.Feb. 2T
RED STAB LINE.
Hew fork — Antwerp— Parfa.
Finland. Jan. 2. 10:.'ti> aifk»Krm<t.J<ui.li>. 10:3b ara
Vadlrd.Jan.9. 1O:3i> a—i|Zf»!r!i1.Jan.2r!,tp:r?O am
WHITE STAB TJXTE. |
2Tew York — Qnaenstown— UveroooL
, Saiktne Wednfmlays. *^
Celtic ..Tier. 3f*. 1 pmlTeutonic,Jan.20. 10 ara
Majestic .Jan. <5. 10 am Crdrlc. . . Jan. 27, noon
Celtic ..Jan. IX 2 rml Majestic. Feb. 3.10 ara
Boston — Qneenstown — Liverpool.
Cymric Jan. 21. Feb. is, March IT
Cretlc Feb. 4. March. 3. March 31
BOSTON MEDITERE-l^SA IT SERVICE.
Azores. Gibraltar. XTaples, Genoa.
REPUBLIC (new) Jan. 2. Feb. IX Mar. 2<*
ROMANIC ...Jan. 16, Feb. 27. Apr. 9
CANOPIC Jan. 30. Mar. 13
C. D. TATT.OR, Paswnsrer Asrent Pacific Coaat.
v - 21 Post st.. San Francisco.
__ . 1 — i «
|)_^>rc?ER5. MARSEILLES^ C£\Oa!^ 3
Iff NAPVZS 6c AUnCANDRiA.
REPUBLIC (new).. Jan. 2. Feb. irj. Mar. 2ft
ROMANIC Jan. 16. Feb. 27. AfV 9
CANOPIC Jan. 30. Mar. 12
(Send for rates and illustrated booklet.)
These steamers are the largest In the
Mediterranean sex-vice.
First class, $65 upwird.
Boston to Liverpool o ««_So--.
CYMRIC Jan. 21, Feb. IS. Mar. 17
CRKTIC - Feb. 4. Mar. 3. Mar. 31
First class, $65 upward. For plans, etc..
address
WHITE STAR LINE. 77-S1 State «t..
Boston, or to C. P. TAYLOR. 21 Post »t.
¦ 1 _
O. R. & N. CO.
"Columbia" sall3 Dec. 29. Jan. 8. IS. 2*.
Feb. 7. 17 and' 27: "OeorRe »V»'. Elder" sail*
Dec 24 Jan. 3. 13 23. Feb. 2. 12 and 22.
Only steamship line to PORTLAND. OR., an<J
short rail line from Portland to all points
East. Through tickets to all points, all rail
or steamship and rail, at LOWEST RATES.
Steamer tickets Include berth and meals.
Steamer nails foot of Spear. St.. a-t II a. m. a.
F. BOOTH. Gen. Act. Pass Dept.. 1 Moat-
Komery St.: C. CLIFFORD, Gen. Agt. Freight
Dept.. 3 Montgomery at.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.^
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO) A
Steamers will leave -wharf, corner First ana
Brarnan streets at 1 v- ra.. for YOKOHAMA
•nd HONGKONO. calling at Kobe '(Hiogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Honskons with steamers for India, etc. Na -J
cargo received on board on day of saiMns.
S S. NIPPON MAKU (calling at Manila)
Wednesday. December 30. 1903
S. 8 AMERICA MARU
Monday January 23. 1004
S. S. HONOKOXG MARU.
Wednesday. February 17. 13O4
• Via Honolulu. Round-tria tickets' at reduce*
rates. For freight and passagn apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market stre-t. corner First.
W p . H. AVEr.Y. General Ag*nt.
S S SIERR-\. for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
'land and Sylney. Thursday Dec .31. - p. m.
8. S. MAR1POSA. *°r Tahiti. Jan. B. 1JO4.
S^S.'a.LAMEDA. tor Honolulu. Jan. 9. 1004,
tfllPHEHElS J BHOS.W.. ijti.. T3cistfllto.B43 BatJia
MtU2te.32S EarbtlLRtfla. I.PuiSs tl
COMPASSIB CBHEHALB TBANSATkAHTiyja.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS^
Sailing every Thursday !n?t»-d
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. :
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. *70 and, upward. Sec-
r*NADA 32 Broadway (Hudson ; RulMmgK
Ntw York! J. F. FrOAZl & CO.. Pacific Ccas|
Agents 3 .Montgemery avenue. San Francisco,
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
-— ' - rl
• Mara Island and J^gjg^g^ggggS?
Steamer GEN". FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
0-45 a. m. 3:15 and 8:30 p. ra.. excapi Sunday.
Sunday. 0:43 a. ni.. 9:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo.
7 a tiJ 12:30 and 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare.SO «au Tel.
Main 150S. rier 2. Ml»aion-«t. dodc. HATCH
bbos. , - •- ¦ .¦;,. .: • .-.
DB. KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT.
AD VEBTIS EMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.EMPEROR OF ABYSSINIA AND AMERICAN AGENT WHO IS VISITING
HIS CAPITAL IN FURTHERANCE OF PLAN TO EXTEND OUR
COMMERCE TO HITHERTO UNEXPLOITED TERRITORY.
DENVER. Dec. 21.— United States Senator
Mark Hanna has declined an Invitation to at
tend the annual banquet of the Denver Cham
ber of Commerce next month.
, Our frame department is showing a •
new line of frame* In gilt, oak and Art !
Nouver.u finishes. - Good for Christmas ¦
Sanborn, Vail & Co. • |
NASHVILLE, Tenn., Dec. 21.— The j
last of the victims that were reported '
missing was recovered to-day from the 7
ruins of the dormitory at Walden Uni
versity. The total loss of life by Fri
day's fire is now placed at thirteen.
Fire Victims Number Thirteen.
CHICAGO, Dec. 21.— At a meeting
held here to-day of representatives of
fraternal organizations September 20
was selected as the date of the W»orld's
FraternaI«Ccngress at the St. Louis Ex
position. , Fraternities in all parts of
the world have expressed willingness to
take, part and a building will be erected
by the combined associations.
Fraternities to Meet at St. Louis.
Give Him a Camera.
Nothing could prove a more acceptable
Christmas present. Kirk, Geary & Co.,
112 Geary street. •
KEOKUK, Iowa, Dec. 21.— Fire to
day destroyed the main building of Hu
binger Bros.' Starch Factory, the larg
est independent factory in the country.
The loss is 5250,000, insurance $100,000.
An explosion in a drier room started
the blaze.
Starch Factory Is Burned.
NEW YORK. Dec. 21.— Letters ad:
dressed by children to Santa Claus are
reaching the postoffiee here in larger
numbers this year than ever before.
They come from all parts of the coun
try, even Alaska. The childish peti
tions are carefully set aside and will be
forwarded to the dead letter office at
Washington. The collection will weigh
at least a ton and is double the quanti
ty received in any. previous year.
Number of Letters Is Double That of
Any Other Times and Collection
May Weigh a Ton.
MANY CHILDREN* ARE
WRITING TO SANTA CLAUS
Saturday forenoon the Nanaimo po
lice received notice that some marauder
had been killing chickens by the whole
sale. These reports soon became fre
quent and all day Saturday remained
unexplained. Sunday morning the
mystery of the long series of tragedies
was cleared up by the capture of the
malefactor in the act. In Duncan
Stewart's henhouse the dog was quietly
devouring a hen.
A trail of blood leading through sev
eral streets and alleys had caused the
citizens to suppose murder had been
committed. Investigation showed the
source of the trouble. The owner of
the dog has promised to settle by pay
ing for the 103 fowls.
TACOMA, Wash., Dec. 21.— A return-
I ing Klondiker who reached Nanaimo
last week had little idea of the amount
-of trouble that could be caused by one
Malamute do*g in a civilized commu
nity. Early 'Saturday morning the dog
got loose. Before he was recaptured
Sunday he had killed and partly de
voured 109 fowls, scattered through
nearly twenty henhouses of Nanaimo.
Special IMfpatch to The Call.
Death Ends Woman's Suffering.
STOCKTON, Dec. 21. — Mrs. Isabella
Canine 6f a Klondiker Has
a Merry Time in Xanaimo
Destroying Valuable Chickens
NEW YORK. Dec. 21. — Senator
Hanna, who has been ill here since
Saturday with an attack of the grip,
was greatly improved to-day.
Senator Hanna Is Better.
DOG ALARMS
THE POPULACE
CHICAGO. Dec. 21.— Alderman John
J Brennan wa«= to-day sentenced to one
year in the House of Correction on a
charge of complicity in ward election
frauds. A sentence of six months was
given Charles McCarle and three
months to Robert E. Kenton on similar
ehargf-s.
Alderman Goes to Prison.
J. King of this city, feeling that she
had an incurabel disease, took five
tablets of corrosive sublimate on De
cember 11 with suicidal intent and last
night death ended her suffering. The
df*ceased, who was 13 years of age,
was recently married.
SUISUN. EKc. 21. — Joe Howard.
Kjced IS, John Everding. aged 16. and
John Clark, aged 17. were sentenced
t'~>-<iay by Superior Judge Buckles to
th«* V.'hittier Reform School, the first
two for being implicated in the bur
glary of a saloon in Benieia a few weeks
'-.= -'. snd the last for robbing u freight
e;ir Bi Elmira. Howard and Everding
¦were born and reared in San Fran
cisco, where their parents now reside.
Bov« Sent to Reform School.
Americans were then conducted to the
Palace of Ras George, where they are
lodged. Consul Skinner and his party
are receiving every attention.
A formal audience and conference
with the Emperor to discuss the pur
poses of the mission took place during
the day. The Emperor accepted Con
sul Skinner's invitation to send an
Abyssinian exhibit to St. Louis.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 21. — The gun
boat Machias, which recently left
Jubitli. French Somaliland, on a cruise
in the Red Sea, has left Perce on her
return to Jubitli to await the arrival at
that port of the Skinner expedition 'to
Adis Ab?da, the capital of Abyssinia.
ADIS ABEDA. Abycrinia. Friday,
Dec. 1?., by courier to Jubitll. French
Somaliland. Dec. 21.— Escorted by sev
eral thousand Persian soldiers, the
American mission to Emperor Menelik.
headed by Consul General Skinner, en
tered the Abyssinian capital to-day.
The reception of the Americans was
brilliant and picturesque. Emperor
Menelik personally received Consul
Skinner. The Emperor. surrounded*by
tta<* principal functionaries of the cap
ital, delivered a cordial discourse of
welcome, to which Skinner responded,
presenting an invitation to the Emperor
to visit the exposition .at St. Louis. The
Additional Testimony Cliveij. at Vic-
toria in tlic Matter of the Late
' .Millionaire- Estate. •
VICTORIA. B. C. Dec. 21.— In the
Hopper-Dunsmuir will case to-day evi
dence was given for the defense by
H. Prather. a surveyor of Oakland,
Cal., and Patrick Nevin. a coachman,
who was in the employ of the late Mr.
and Mrs. Dunsmuir at San Leandro.
Prather told of the dates when he
went to San Leandro to survey the
piopeity f r.d paid thiit the late Mr.
Dunsmuir had always been able to
(rive instructions intelligently and to
remember well what he had told the
uitness. N?vin. the coachman, gave
Similar evidence. He had seen Duns
muir almost daily in 1$$9 and found
him a healthier man :n December than
in March.
SURVEYOR IS CERTAIN*
as to DcysMunrs min*d
Engineer B. -A. Dewees of Fort Scott, j
Conductor Roy of Topeka and Fire- !
man Bishard of Fort Scott were all in- |
stantly killed, and Express Messenger
John Bell of Kansas City was seriously
injured. Others of the crew and almost j
every passenger on the entire train
except those in the sleeper, who escaped
with a severe shaking up, were injured,
some of them seriously. j
It • was still dark when tho wreck
occurred and the utmost confusion fol- j
lowed. It was some time before those ,
of the crew who had escaped injury j
were able, with the help of the pas- 1
sengers who' were unhurt, to aid the '
injured. %'4'^i'i iw* I
A wrecking crew, carrying phy- •
sicians. did not leave Fort Scott for
the scene until several hours after the
wreck occurred and it was 11 o'clock
before the dead and injured were
brought to Fort Scott.
John Bluebacker, the news agent,
was curled up on a seat in t!«e rear of
the smoker, near the stove, when the
crash came. He was taken out alive, !
but died during the afternoon. He was ';
23 years old. His parents in!
Greeley, Colo., and a sister lives in St. j
Joseph, Mo.
TRAINMEN* ARE KILLED.
In the crash the baggage car tele- ;
scoped the engine and landed in a corn !
field, while the smoker and the two 1
chair cars were piled in a mass on top .
of the engine. Most_of the injured were j
in the chair cars, which took fire soon j
after the wreck occurred. I
The wrecked train was one of the '
finest and fastest in th? service. It j
was made up of two baggage and mall I
cars, a smoker, chair cars and a sleeper. ]
Wtien the train reached Godfrey it was
behind time and running at full speed j
to make up time. The crew of a*<
freight train that had preceded the
Meteor Iett the switch open and the;
passenger train jumped the track 'and
rolled down an embankment. All save '
the sleeper turned over and so fast
was the train running that- tne engine
and the forward baggage car landed
nearly sixty feet off the roadbed before
they stopped. The sleeper remained •
upright and none of the passengers in |
this car were injured. The baggage
cars were completely wrecked and the
smoker was badly damaged. Five of
the dead were in the forward end' of
the smoker and four of th~m were I
instantly killed. ">. '
The responsibility for the wreck is
laid at the door of a brakeman of the
freight crew, who failed to flag the
passenger train. He has disappeared.
The engine of the freight had become
"dead" and the crew was ordered to re
main on the main track and turn the
switch for the passenger, then about
due. the brakeman being ordered to
flag the Meteor. This -neglected
to do.
Fatally injured: Sheridan . Kan
able, Hoopertown, O. T.; B. F.
Garroway, Jonesboro. Ark.; John- Bell,
express messenger. Kansas City; H.
B. Darlington, mail clerk, Kansas City.
Seriously injured: Mrs. . E- E. Call.
Hobart, Okla.; Henry McKinley, Sni
der, Okla.;- Thomas Kent, Mountain
View, Okla.; I J. W. Goill, Ottuhwa,'
Iowa; Henry M. McDonnell, Lodi, Ohio;
L. Howard Lee. Oklahoma City, Okla.;
Joseph H. TDonohue, Franklin. 111.;
Walter Godsby, Kansa City; J. D. Bry
ant, Davenport, Iowa; W. R. Farmer,
Blackwell, Okla.; Elmer Corbin, Bessie.
Okla.; Jacob Rooseler, Parker, Okla:;
C. J. O'Donovan, Snider, Okla.: J. W.
i\damson, mail clerk, Kansas City.
Fifteen others were hurt slightly.
Most of the injured were badly
burned, as well as being maimed.
BRAKEMAX IS RESPONSIBLE.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Dec. 21.— In to
day's wreck at Godfrey, Kans., of the
"Meteor." the St. Louis and San Fran
cisco Railway's fast train from the
South, nine persons were killed and
thirty-two others injured. Of the in
jured four probably -will die and four
teen were seriously hurt. The dead:
JAMES KILPATRICK, Mosby. Mo.
GEORGE HOYT, conductor, Sapulpa,
I. T.
A. A. DEWEES, engineer, • Fort
Scott. Kans.
JAMES H. TWTMAN (colored),
Fleming, Kans.
THEODORE BISHARD, fireman,
Fort Scott. Kans.
ASA MORELAND, Lenexia, Kans. ¦
LON CORBIN, Bessie, O. T.
JOSEPH CORBIN, Bessie, O. T.
JOHN BLUEBACKER, news agent,
Kansas City.
She and h?r brother Charley have
been !iv;rs in a mansion in a beau
tiful orange grove in Pomona Valley.
To-day they started to drive to Po
mona to buy Christmas gifts and then
£¦> calling upon friends in the vicinity.
While driving into Pomona just be
fore noc-n the horse, an animal with
a racing record, took fright at a car
standing on the Salt Lake Railroad
tracks. The horse whirled about. Mr.
Cooper was thrown upon the ground
and Miss Cooper was hurled against
a tree a second later. Mr. Cooper es
caped with only flesh wounds. Miss
Cooper was picked up unconscious. Her
ekull had been fractured. She remain
ed uncenscious three hours and died.
Miss Cooper was 51 years old. She
•v. as very wealthy in her own name and
v.as famous in Chicago for her chari
ties and work arr.eng the sweatshops.
POMONA. Dec 21.— Miss Elizabeth
Cooper, sister of Henry Cooper of the
firm of Siegel, Cooper & Co. of Chi
cago and Nex\- York, was killed here
lo-day in a runaway accident.
£r*cii.l Difratch to The Call.
Almost the Entire Crew, In
cluding the; Conductor and
Engiiuecr, Are Either Killed
or Injured in the Accident
Miss Elizabeth Cooper, Noted
in Chicago for Her Many
Charities, the Victim of
the Melancholy Disaster
AMMAL FRIGHTENED
AT RAILROAD CAR
CARELESS BRAKEMAX
LEAVES SWITCH OPEN
Xine Are Dead, Four Will
Die and Eourtcen Seriously
Hurt in Disaster on St. Louis
and San Francisco Railway
Wealthy Resident of Pomona
Valley Killed in a Runaway
Accident While Driving to
Town to Buy Christmas Gifts
a Royal Welcome and Accepts the Invitation
to Send an Exhibit to the St. Louis Exposition
Emperor of Abyssinia Gives Consul Skinner
MANY DIE
IN WRECK
OF TRAIN
RACEHORSE
ENDS LIFE
OF WOMAN
AMERICANS WARMLY GREETED
AT THE CAPITAL OF MENELIK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 22. 1903.
3
Moneyback -means
Schilling's Best at your gro
-pr's.
It costs, him nothingf; costs
.-sobody anything.
ROOS BROS.
Want a Housecoat or
a Lounging Robe?
4f*T* MAYBE YOU ARE EXPECT-
g» I 1NQ ONE OR THE OTHER
II I FOR CHRISTMAS : : : :
"*THIS IS A HINT THAT WE
HAVE THE FINEST STOCK IN SAN
FRANCISCO ::::::::::
BETTER COME AND LOOK AT THESE
BEFORE THE BEST HAVE GONE : !
Smoking Jackets $5 to $35
Lounging Robes $5 to $70
KEARNY AT POST
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Sketched from Lift VS-"? •
IF N y ou are going to give HIM a smoking jacket for Christ-
mas, this is the place to' buy it. The assortment is so
extensive that you are sure to find the color you want
at the price you wish to pay.
Furthermore, the garments were made by us in our
own workshops from material purchased direct from the
weavers.. We selected only pretty patterns when we
chose the goods^and through making them ourselves we
can save you the middleman's profit, which- is from $2
to $J on a garment.
If you could have seen the crowd of women in our
store buying smoking jackets last week, you wouldn't
for a minute doubt the values we give.
The value is apparent to anybody. The jacket we
sell for $5.00 will cost at least $7.50 in any other store.
The proof is in the merchandise.
We give below a partial description of our smoking
jackets, dressing gowns and bath robes.
Any garment.can be exchanged after Christmas, but
if preferable money will be refunded.
Santa Claus is herewith gifts for the children. Any
child accompanied by an adult will be given a present.
Open evenings until Christmas.
¦ ¦ * .
Smoking Jackets Dressing Gowns
Smoking Jackets made of double- The dressing-gowns are made of dou-
I faced janus cloth, in Oxford, black, ble-faced janus cloth. The plaid inside
navy, % brown, silver gray, garnet and of the cloth folds over and forms the
purple, in check or figured stripes, at trimming; the gowns are fastened with
$4» $5» S5, $7, $7.50, $8, $8.50 and $10; two loops and have a heavv girdle
made of extra heavy mercerized mate- . with tassels around the waist;' the gar-
lasse,.in black, brown and navy, at $5; ments are cut extremely long and come
made of silk matelasse, lined with-fine almost to the ankles.' The price for
silk or satin, at $10 ; made of velveteen, the dressing-gowns are $10, $12.50 and
lined with plain or quilted satin, in $13.50.
green, tan, black, brown, navy and gar- The standing- figure in back shows
net, at $8. what an elegant dressing-gown we
The above pictures weje sketched make for $10.
from life from models who had put on The bath robes are made of eider-
two smoking jackets and a dressing- down flannel, in stripes, checks and fi>-
gown taken from ouf stock for the pur- ures, in colors that harmonize with the
• pose. While the sketches are accurate ground color of the garment. Almost
and are well drawn they fail to give^ any color can be secured, so enumera-
a correct idea of the garments. You tion is not necessary. We have an ex-
must see the harmony of colors in the cellent line of these goods, which we are
jackets themselves to properly appre- able to sell at very reasonable prices
date their beauty. because we made a fortunate purchase'
In selecting a smoking jacket as a of the material. A bath robe of equal
gift the chest measure is all that is re-^ quality to ours usually sells for $10 to
quired in determining the size. $12, but our price is $6.
DeptL .740 Market Street An/Amount
Coal Reduction j
"American Cannel |
Sold by All Reliable Dealers, j
irheumatTsm^^e?!
¦ CelplMB, Fhj*ic*l and FRiaaciai caSerao lonstrM
M For informaikm. write SAN LUIS HOT SUL-8
HFHUR SPRINGS. SAN U/IS OBISPO. CAL HDIRECTOR GENERAL QF THE LATE OAKLAND STREET FAIR AND
THE- SECRETARY OF THE ASSOCIATION" THAT NOW FINDS
ITSELF FACING A FINANCIAL DEFICIT.
: : . «, . _ , . _ ¦ j.- J
Pocket books, wrist «bags, letter and'
card cases, bill books, cigar cases and
manicure sets for Christmas - lettered
free. Sanborn, Vail & Co. ¦ • •
Dr. Edward Hanlon Arrested.
Dr. Edward R. Hanlon, who-con
ducts the. Elite Pharmacy at 201
Gough street, was. arre3ted last night
arid booked at the City Prison at the
instance- of -United ; States Marshal
Shine". l Just what the charge. against
Hanlon is could not be learned, as
Marshal Shine could not be found.
Ackerman Released From Custody.
John p. Ackerman, an attorney, 606
Montgomery street, was released from
custody by Judge Cook yesterday on a
writ of habeas corpus. He Was ar
rested on a warrant from Kern County
charging him with a misdemeanor. He
was -accused ""of having: sent some men
to work at the Yellow. Aster mine at
Randsburg, knowing there was no
work there for them. . The writ was
granted on the ground that if any of
fense had been committed it was in
this city. and county. and not In Kern
County. . - • •_¦-:•
"Faust" selection (Gounod). Professor J.
Lombardero's Mandolin Club: "May Morning"'
(Denza). Miss Sannle .Kruger: recitation. Miss
G Cavltt: alleero from. "William Tell" <Ros
sl'nl), Mrs. M. Luna and .Processor J. Lom
bardero; ballad. Miss V. de Green: serpen
tine dance. "Tauciahn" : VThe Serenade."
»ong. Professor . J. Lombardero; tambourine
solo, Sr. C. Garcia: "Panruita," song and
dance, Mrs. J. Lombardero; "The Coon Walt
er." eons, Mr. Navarrete: "Maderita," little
Stoanlsh* dancer, S. Madero; "Carmenclta,"
Spanish eonfr. Miss S. Kruger; "Espana,"
Spanish dar.ee, Taudann; "Los the
three wharf rats, sons: the "Spanish" Fan
danRO."- : Miss C. Navarrete, Mrs. J.' Lombar
dero, A. Soria. Sr. J. Maria, Spanish students,
toreadors. Spanish senoritas, gorgeous Span
ish ¦ costumes ; dancing after performance..
La Fiesta of Sevilla, a night In
Sunny Spain, was the name given to
an entertainment and dance given last
night at Golden Gate Hall by the
pupils of Professor J. Lombardero. A
large crowd was present and the even
ing was thoroughly enjoyed. The pro
gramme was as follows:,
A Xlglit in Sunny Spain.
More trouble is in store for. Dr. J. A.
Fritz, who, is. now -.figuring in a sen
sational divorce case, and when a
Deputy United States Marshal serves
him with the warrant of arrest, issued
last Saturday by United States Court
Commissioner Heaccok, he will have
to face a very serious charge. • The
complaint alleges that on ;May 22,
1903, Fritz mailed" in San -Francisco a
letter addressed "George Marshall,
Laurel Grove, Upper Fruityale, Ala
meda County," which letter is too
filthy and obscene; the complaint
states, to be copied In the court rec
ord. SE9k!B9B
Mr. Marshall is the uncle of Fritz's
wife and the letter refers to her by the
flippant title of "Sandhill Jen." and is
of the most scurrilous and insulting
nature. The charge against Dr. Fritz
is that of mailing an obscene letter
and Assistant United States Attorney
Banning sayg that £e wiir bring the
case before the Federal Grand Jury.
DR. FRITZ TO BE TAKEN
v*^ BEFORE FEDERAL JURY
OAKLAND, Dec. 21. — The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: John H.
Durkin. 23, San Francisco, and Ethel
M. Britton. 17, Oakland; Thomas J.
Vitaich. 22. Tesla, and Winnie Fish,
18, San Francisco; Henry W. Taber,
36. Berkeley, and Louie F. Gould, 25,
Haywards; Remijio Rueda, 24, Berke
ley, and Grace V. Road, 23, San Diego;
HJalmar Ringdahl, 35. and Emily L.
Persson, 19. both of Fitchburg. .
Marrinjje Licenses.
NEW YORK. Dec. 21. — The follow
ing Californians are registered here:
• From San Francisco — W. C. Aiken,
at the Murray Hill; H. W. Bloom, at
at Grand Central; B. Blower, at the
Continental; L. A. Drefesne, at the
Spaldlng; J. M. Gamble, at the Hoff
man; C. T. Hemingway, at the Man
hattan; T. Hopkins and wife, at the
Holland; W. D. Jamison, at the Ra
leigh; O. Kelday, at the Vendome;
J. T. McDevitu, C. W. Poke, at the
Hoffman; Miss Vandqsen, at. the Bar
tholdl; W. S. Wallace, at the. Navarre.
, From Los Angeles — F. P. Barnes,
at the Broadway Central; Mrs. L. M.
Foy, at the Herald Square:
Californians in New York.
"Alameda Is no country village, ind
chickens should be regulated here," re
marked Stott as he bowed himself
from the presence of the local legisla
tors.
On motion of City Trustee Bowers
the " two proposed railroad franchises
were referred to the City Attorney for
revisement. "
ALAMEDA, Dec. 21. — Roosters mny
crow and hens may cacklp at all hours
of the day and night In th^ municipal
ity^ without let or hindrance in the fu
ture as they have in the past, for the
famous anti-fowl ordinance was with
drawn by City Trustee W. M. Bov»rs
to-night at the' suggestion of City
Trustee. Dr. Henry May Pond and
President J. F. Forderer of the munic
ipal board.
A. W. Stott appeared before the City
Trustees and ' protested against their
procedure, saying that if they did not
compel chickens to move at least
twenty-five feet from his bedroom win
dow he would move' from Alameda.
Stott was advised that there was law
enough In Alameda at present to en
force the abatement of an unsanitary
nuisance due to chickens or other ani
mals. ,
Proposed Ordinance to Drh-e
Hens and Boosters From Ala
meda Not Favored by Trustees
Before Mrs. Cooney died J. O. Gali
her, the motorman of the car that
struck her down, was arrested for bat
tery and released on bonds. He will
be rearrested and charged with man
slaughter. P. Marks, the conductor
of the car, was not taken into custody.
Dr. Fritz and John Collins, both of
whom reside at 31 33 Mission street,
witnessed the accident. They say the
victim of the accident walked right in
front of" the rapidly moving car and it
was upon her before a hand could be
raised to save her life.
An ambulance was quickly sum
moned and the unfortunate woman
taken to St. Luke's Hospital, where
Drs. Robert and Munger amputated
the injured limbs, but the operation
was ¦without avail.
An electric car carried death last
night to Mr.". Cooney, who resided at
3313 Mission street. The unfortunate
woman died at St. Luke's Hospital at
1 1 o'clock, two hours after the wheels
of an outbound Mission-street car had
mangled her limbs ma shocking man
ner.
At the hour named Mrs. Cooney
started across Mission street, at Pre
cita avenue. A car speeding upon her
was unnoticed until it was too late and
the ponderous vehicle was only
brought to a standstill after it had
ground her lower limbs to a bleeding,
palpitating mass.
IVHEXXfi OF ELECTRIC CAR
GRIND OIT WOMAN'S LIFE
The recent row among the officers
and directors of the Union Laundry
Company culminated yesterday in the
filing of a suit by the stockholders
against Punayea Williamson,* one o\ |
the directors. The suit is for an in«
Junction restraining Williamson from
disposing of any of his stock In tha
concern on the ground that he obi
tained it fraudulently. The suit is als<J
against Mrs. Hattie Whipple, who rei
cently purchased stock from William*
son, the court being asked to prevenj
her from selling or disposing of th<J
same pending the trial of the action.
It is alleged in the complaint thaj
Williamson, for the purpose of secure
Ing control of the concern, has caused
the directors to take steps that arc
Injurious to the other stockholders,
They complain that the directors, aj
the solicitation of Williamson. hav<
placed in his hands large blocks o|
stock and that unless he is restrained
he will dispose of the same and there*
by injure innocent purchasers.
ACCUSE P. WILLIAMSON
OF BEING A MANIPULATOR
Charles H. Brozard, City Attorney of
Redding, is. spending thg holidays with
friends in this city. _;' ; I
O. J. Salisbury, a well-known mining
man of Salt Lake City, arid daughter,
arrived at the Occidental yesterday.
General W. T. Clark, U. S. A., re
tired, arrived from Washington yester
day and is staying at the Occidental.
E. B. Gage of Tombstone, who i is
heavily interested In mining In Arizona
and timber properties in this State, is
registered at the Palace.
James R. Kent, well known in the
local railroad world, has been appoint
ed traveling passenger agent of the
Chicago and Great Western road, with
headquarters in this city.
J. S. M. Ritchie of the British navy
arrived yesterday from the Orient and
is at the Palace.
Dr. Alexander J. Younger, surgeon of
the steamship Sierra, is registered at
the California.
George K. Burton, a hardware mer
chant of Portland, registered at the
Grand yesterday.
A. F. Eaten, a rancher of San Jose,
is at the Grand.
H. H. Clark. «a mining man of Tono
pah, is at the Palace.
Rodolf Tombs J». of Columbia Col
lege is at the Palace.
W. E. Lloyd, an attorney of Los An
geles, is at the Grand.
F. A. Huggins, a railroad man of
Seattle, is at the Grand.
R. Robertson, proprietor of Gilroy
Hot Springs, is at the Grand.
Fred G. King, a mining man of So
nora. is staying at the Grand.
Thomas Barrett, a realty agent of
San Luis Obispo, is at the Grand. .
John B. Read, a newspaper proprietor
of Butte, Mont., is at the Palace.
Attorney J. C. Campbell departed
yesterday for New York on legal busi
ness.
As a matter of fact there can be no
balance on the right side of the ledger
for the last street fair, and this has
never been suspected before except by
the very few who had to do with the
n>anagement of the institution. If the
Oakland Street Fair Association Is able
to defeat the Oakland Electrical Com
pany in its suit for $4000. there will be
no balance, and if the electrical com
pany wins there* will be a deficit.
It was thought when : the fair closed
DEFICIT IS CERTAIN.
The next announcement made was
that there was trouble between the
fair association and the Oakland Elec
trical Company, of which C. F. Reuter
is the president and manager. The bill
of the Oakland Electrical Company
amounted to some $4000, and when" that
was . presented the members of the
fair association made a mo3t strenu
ous and whole-souled objection to the
amount. Director General Max L.
Schlueter of the fair association de
clared he had checked up every item
of the electrical work or the fair and
that he could only figure about $2000,
or about one-half of the amount of the
bill of the company. Upon this asser
tion the fair association refused to
pay the bill and the Oakland Electrical
Company brought suit for the full
amount. This suit is now pending in
the Superior Court of Alameda County
and the funds of the Oakland Street
Fair Association have been attached to
keep them where the electrical com
pany can get theni If .the court decides
in its favor. • v'
But still no report has been rendered
of the condition of the funds of the
fair association. A meeting of the di
rectors was called for one day last week
and Secretary Dave Sinclair and Di
rector General Max L. Schlueter were
both present and ready with a lot of
figures and accounts, but the directors
were not thereto listen and so the mat
ter Is still up in the air and can hardly
be settled until after the holidays.
It was announced at the close of the
fair on July 4 last that it? would take
several weeks or months to close up
the accounts of the concern. The weeks
have rolled by and so have the months
and still the accounts of the event have
not been straightened up.
ELECTRIC EIGHT BILL $4000.
. OAKLAND, Dec. 21.— Nearly six
months have passed, but as yet no
final report has been made by the Oak
land Street Fair and Carnival Associa
tion, and the indications are that the
affairs of that organization are not as
prosperous as was at rtrst expected.
As a matter, of fact it depends upon the
"determination of a suit that is now
pending whether the association will
quit even or will. find itself $2000 short.
This condition has hardly been sus
pected by those who estimated, at the
close of the fair, that tnere would be
a balance of nearly $9000 on the right
side of the accounts.
But It Is a fact, nevertheless, that the
Oakland Street Fair and Carnival As
sociation will have to *rin the suit now
pending between the Oakland Electrical
Company and the association in order
to quit, even, and if that suit Is lost
there will be a deficit of $2000 to be met
by somebody.
The last fair was ia the hands of an
incorporated association, .while the first
one was in the hands of the Oakland
Lodge of Elks. The association was
composed almost ¦ exclusively, of those
who were the managers of the first
fair for the Elks, and it was under
stood that the profit was to go to the
building fund of the Elks' lodge. The
officers of the association were: Di
rector General, Max L. Schlueter; presi
dent, F. P. McFeeley; vice president,
A. T. McDonousn; secretary, D. A. Sin
clair; treasurer, W. W. Landon; assist
ants to the director general C. J. Heese
man and Guy T. Smith. The manage
ment was almost exclusively in the
hands of Director General Max L.
Schlueter and Secretary D. A. Sinclair.
Stock was subscribed by the mer
chants of Oakland, with the under
standing that if there was a profit the
amount subscribed should be returned,
but since the fair there has been no
opportunity to strike a balance.
Max L. Schlueter, director general
of the Oakland Street Fair and Carrr
val Association, said to-night:
"We have held a number of meetings
since the close of the carnival, but un
til the 'suit of the Oakland' Electric
Light Company is settled we will be
unable to tell how we are going to
come out.
"As to the condition of the finances,
even with the electric company's bill
eliminated, I have not the figures at
hand and cannot tell how we stand." '
NOTHING FOR THE ELKS.
on the^Fourth of July night that there
would be something in the neighbor
hood of $9000 profit, but this profit has
dwindled until it has become a question
of a suit whether there will be an even
balance or an actual deficit.
The reasons for this are given by
some of those who had charge as the
long term of the fair, the small at
tendance and the increased expense.
The fair ran for eleven days, which is
now said to have been entirely too
long, while the attendance was (some
30,000 less than during the year pre
vious. The expenses of the fair were
greater than for the year before, and
so the event that was so largely adver
tised proved a failure.
PERSONAL.
VICTORY RESTS
WITH CHICKENS
Butchers' Union No. '• 115 has is'sued
orders/that all meat .markets and pork
shrfps 'shall close on' Christmas day.
The, Brassmolders' Local Union Np. 58
elected the following officers for the en
suing year: John Mecredy, president;
John Kelly, vice president; Stephen J.
Reilly, recording secretary; Henry Da
vis,;" financial secretary; C. Dawson,
guardian; C. Reali, :' treasurer; E.
O'Donnell, statistician; board of trus
tees—Alfred Chamn.ereax, Timothy San,-,
try and Fred Schaetzer; delegates to
Building ; Trades Council— Willis ;Tay r
lor, Timothy Santry and Fred Barlow.
There was a large attendance of the
members of the Brotherhood of Team
sters at the meeting held on Sunday
afternoon at the Alhambra Theater.
The constitutional "clause prohibiting
persons not actually engaged in team
driving belonging to the brotherhood
was to be voted on. Had this clause
received a majority of the votes of the
delegates assembled President Michael
Casey would have been dropped from
the roll. The popularity of Casey was
sufficient in the -minds' of- the. ' ¦> local
brotherhood toiffclly-tohis support: arid
defeat the amendment;. to . the r conStitu-*
Brotherhood of TeamsterS Votes
Against the International
Constitution.
CASEY'S FRIENDS SAVE
HIM HIS MEMBERSHIP
The Daughters of California Pioneers
met yesterday afternoon In the parlors
of the Pioneer Hall. It was social day
for Pioneers and many of the argonauts
were in 'attendance. An audience of
nearly 100 listened to an interesting
programme. Miss Lucy F. ! Adams,
president,- gave an address of welcome
to the Pioneer Daughters and Pioneer
guests. Papers setting forth many his
torical facts of the early days were
read by Mrs. Hutchinson and Miss Su
sie Adams. Then there were reminis
cences by Miss Eliza D. Keith, histo
rian of the society, and Mrs.' Ernest
Leigh. Mr. Paul, one of the early Pio
neers, spoke of the Vigilance Commit
tee, to which he had belonged.
After the programme the guests were
seated at tables in tne banquet hall,
where elaborate refreshments were
served. Primitive effects were observed
as far as possible in the decorations,
artichokes and beetR being arranged in
panels .on one side of the wall. The
candles on the tables were set in po
tatoes. Christmas berries and smilax
were also used in the decorations. Con
fetti were thrown with lavish hands
over tie heads of the guests as the
luncheon progressed. The Pioneers of
fered little speeches complimentary • to
the Daughters, and in reply Miss Eliza
D. Keith gave a toast in honor of the
Pioneer mothers.
An Interesting feature of the after
noc-n was the loan exhibit, members
having been requested to bring souve
nirs of early days for this occasion.
An Indian basket made near Los An
geles was presented by Miss Susie Ad
ams, who said it had been fifty years
in the family. Mrs. M. Biven exhib
ited a silver butter dish given to her
mother as a*wedding gift In 1S52. Mrs.
Gamage brought a picture by F. Mar
ryat showing the celebration of the
admission of California. A book given
by Admiral Farragut to James Adams
was exhibited by his daughter, Miss
Lucy F.' Adams.
Miss Martha GalloWay wore a silk
dress In which her mother appeared at
the first ball given by the Pioneers
early in the sixties.
The pleasant afternoon closed with
an .informal reception. '
* • *
A very pretty tea was given yester
day afternoon by Miss Mattie Milton
at her home, 2001 Lyon street, In honor
of Miss Katherine Selfridge, an inti
mate friend of the hostess. The affair
was entirely informal, the guests be
ing asked by telephone. The fifty call
ers hospitably entertained during the
afternoon included the closest friends
of the guest of honor. The drawing
rooms were made artistic with Christ
mas greens and red berries.
The charming tea was given for the
special purpose of announcing the en
gagement of Miss Selfridge to Lieu
tenant Frederick Kellond of the Nine
teenth Infantry. No date Is set for the
wedding.
Another surprise which awaited the
guests was the announcement of Miss
Ethel Kent's engagement to Lieutenant
Gilbert Allen, also of the Nineteenth
Infantry. The wedding will take place
in April. Many good wishes were ex
tended to the happy brides-to-be by
the many friends of the popular young
women.
Those who assisted in receiving were
Miss 'Elsie Dorr, Miss Jane Wllshire.
Miss Alice YTreanor! Miss Ruth Foster
and Miss Florence Cole.
", The Outdoor Art League met with
Mrs. Loveil White yesterday xtfternoon
at- 1616 Clay street. Interesting reports
were read by the Calaveras Big Tree
committee and other business was tak
en under advisement. A feature of the
day was an address by Mrs. J. M.
Hutchings on' the subject of the Big
Trees, in which she is especially in
terested. Mrs. Hutchings I* the widow
o^ the late. J. M. Hutchings, who was
for many years . guardian of the Yo
.Semite Valley and Calaveras Big Tree
Grove. Mrs. White, as president of the
"lub, presided.
: Miss Florence Bailey gave a very
pretty tea yesterday afternoon in honor
of Miss Bessie Wilson. The Bailey
home on Franklin street was prettily
decorated with Christmas berries and
greens and the' callers were extended
cordial hospitality. The hostess was
assisted by Miss Wilson. Mrs. Henry
F. Dutton, Miss de Young and Mrs.
! John R. Clark.
Celebrates Forefathers' Day Withi
Banquet at Which Prominent and
Learned Men Speak.
The Congregational Club of Sam
Francisco and vicinity held Its Fore*
fathers' day meeting and banquet last
night at the California Hotel, the occa-.
sion also being ladles' night.
The programme was admirably ar-»
ranged, beginning with an Invocation.
At the banquet which, followed some-,
thing like 100 sat down. Business fol
lowed the feast and after the hymn,
"O God. Beneath Thy Guiding Hand."
an address. "The Pilgrim Fathers and*
the California Fathers." was delivered
by Professor John W. Buckham. ' Miss
Lillian M. Branston then sang Schu-^
b%rt's "Serenade" and Professor John*
S. Mackintosh, D. D., gave the assem
blage an address entitled "The Purl-«
tans of Ulster."
Among those present were Dr. and
Mrs. Thomas Fletcher, the Rev. Mr.
and Mrs. William Rader, Mrs. Thom,
Mr. and Mrs. W. M. Searby, D. G. Dex
ter. Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Ham and Mis3
Ham, Frank Sternberg, C. Z. Merritt;
Lieutenant C. W. Weeks, Thirtieth In
fantry, U. S. A.; A. E. Magary. B. S.
Hays and Miss Hays, H. A. Davenport,
Mrs. Davenport, Dr. and Mrs. C. IL
Brown, Dr. and Mrs. Meserve, Dr. anfl
Mrs. McLean, Mrs. S. A. D. McKee.
Mr. and Mrs. F. D. Arnold, Mr. end
Mrs. F. H. Kemp, Rev. Mr. and Mrs. R.
Brooks, Rev. Saciuel Patterson, Kev.
Seneca Jones. Rev. Mr. and Mrs.
Madge, Mr. and Mrs. S. M. Dodge. Miss
Edna Stedman, Mr. and Mrs. •" Morri3
Marcus. Mr. and Mrs. Gates, Professo;
Buckham and Professor and Mrs. John
S. Mackintosh. D. D.
CONGREGATIONAL CLUB
ENTERTAINS ROYAUi!3
ENGAGEMENTS
ARE ANNOUNCED
AT PRETTY TEA
WASHINGTON, Dec. 21.— Tha United
States Supreme Court to-day decided
two cas^s Involving the question as to
whether long-continued possession of
land within the Central Pacific Rail
road land grant in Utah constitutes a
valid title by virtue of the statute of
limitations. • The cases were those of
the Toltec Ranch Company vs. George
Cock and others and the Toltec Ranch.
Company vs. William Babcock and
Louisa Babcock. The ranch company
claimed title under a transfer from the
railroad company, but the claim in each
case was disputed on the ploa of pos
session for. twenty or thirty years.
The Supreme Court of the State of
Utah decided In favor of the settlers
and the Supreme Court of the United
States td-day affirmed that decision.
The opinion was handed down by Jus
tice McKenna.
Witness said he had never heard tell
of Alexander Dunsmuir wanting
amusement as described by Mary
Howe, who said Dunsmulr had Induced
her and another maid to spar for hia
amusement. He al6O gave evidence
that the San Leandro property brought
in $7000 last year.
J. P. Taylor, a coal dealer of Oak
land, Cal., and friend of the late Alex
ander Dunsmuir, told of witnessing the
will in question and that during wit
ness' acquaintance with the . dead
millionaire, from 1877 to December 21,
1S99, he always found Dunsmuir intel
ligent and able to do business without
question, although he had periodical
drunks.
Witness had frequently stayed at
Dunsmuir's residence over night, and
told of conversations he had had with
Dunsmuir, particularly In regard to
procuring his marriage license. He re
cited the details of the wedding:, cor
roborating the evidence of Rev. Mr.
Shaw of Oakland in that regard. He
and Alexander Dunsmulr had one
drink of whisky, which witness poured
before the ceremony. Both were sober.
He told of huylng the bark Oriole from
Alexander Dunsmuir. He had wit
nessed the will which was drawn up
on the evening after the weddihlr and
identified his sigmature. He had been
asked then to keep the marriage quiet
by both Alexander and Mrs. Dansmuir.
VICTORIA, B. C, Dec 21.— A new
issue has been raised in the Hopper-
Dunsmulr case. When Mrs. Dunsmulr
entered the Hopper-Dunsmuir suit as
an intervener against James Dunsmulr,
her son, the defendant, in that suit, it
was understood that the will of 1899
was the only one at Issue. Now, after
the evidence of Mrs. Dunsmulr has
been put in. the defendants have raised
the Issue of a will made In 183S and Sir
Charles Tupper, counsel for Mrs. Duns
muir, has objected, as It would now be
necessary for him to call new evidence,
including witnesses as to the laws of
California. A decision will b«» given
to-morrow whether this refeience to
the will of IS98 will be struck out or not.
Patrick Nevin, a coaenman In the
employ of Mrs. 'Dunsmuir, and now
employed by Mrs. Hopper, was cross
examined this afternoon, the plaintiff's
counsel asking questions tending to
show that he had promised to give evi
dence in their behalf, but had gone over
to the other side. He denied this and
mentioned that Mrs. Hopper owed him
$400 for several months' work.
The ret* lution is considered by many
to be a violation of the Platt amend
ment an-] it is doubtful if it will meet
with thr approval of the Senate *nd
President Palma. • . .
HAVANA, Dec. 21.— By a vote of 40 to
?, and alter a prolonged discussion, the
House of Representatives to-day final
ly passed a resolution to suspend the
payment of the rentals of church build
ings occupied by the Government under
the ror.tract entered into in 1302 by
General Wood, then Governor General,
and Monsignor Sbaretti, formerly
Bishop of Havana, and recommending
an investigation as to the propriety of
the contract. Under this agreement
between General Wood and the church
authorities, 5190,000 was to be paid an
nually, for five yearg as the rental of
several buildings in Havana and else
where. During the discussion of the
resolutions the charge was made that
thf rontals were exorbitant.
SKTS ASIDE A CONTRACT.
The manner in which the succession
to the command of the army will go if
General Wood is confirmed and if
straight seniority be followed hence
forth will he: General S. M. B. Young,
the present chief of staff, until 1904;
Major General A. R. Chaff ee until April
14. 1906; Major General H. C. Corbin
until September 21, 190C; Major General
J. F. Wade until April 14, 1907; Ma
jor General Arthur MacArthur until
January, 1909; Major General Leonard
Wood until May ISO. 1924.
President Roosevelt, however, having
told the Senate that he would not again
promote' General Wood, this will leave
the command of the army to go after
General MacArthur to Brigadier Gen
eral Fred D. Grant, who in turn will be
followed by Generals J. F. Ball and
Frederick Funston.
"The charges against General Wood
were unconfirmed. They were simply
rot. Furthermore, several of us went
to see the President, and he assured us
that if we confirmed General 'Wood's
nomination he would not again pro
mote him in the way indicated, which
would block so many deserving of
ficers."
This is a very important statement
in view of the fact that one of the chief
reasons for the opposition to General
Wood has been that if he were made
major general now he would, in order
of seniority, become senior major gen
eral in 1909 and would be promoted to
lieutenant general of the army and
chief of staff until 1924, or fifteen years.
This statement by the President
means that Frederick D. Grant prob
ably will command the army in 1909.
Senator Warren said to-day:
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON, Dec. 21.— Senator
Warren of Wyoming, a member of the
Senate Committee on Military Affairs,
said to-day that President Roosevelt
had said that even if General Wood's
nomination as major general were con
firmed he would not again promote him
while he was President, and therefore
General Wood would not command the
army during the time Mr. Roosevelt
was in office.
ST. LOUIS. Dee. 21.-A battery of
seven boilers in tho power-house of the
St. Louis Transit Company at Jefferson
and Geyer avenues exploded to-night,
killing three employes, injuring six and
wrecking the building.
Without premonition the boilers ex
ploded, the brick walla fell outward
and the heavy truss roof dropped, cov
ering the debris, in which almost
twenty employes were Imprisoned. In
stantly all the electric lights went out
and the darkness prevented prompt
work in rescuing the injured, whoso
cries could be plainly heard. The dea-H
W. WILSOX, steam fitter.
LOUIS BARBER, colored. .
FRA*JK STEELE, colored.
Fatally injured: "William Gantt,
Simon Nixon, colored.
All but Wilson were stokers and boilw
er cleaners.
.At the caucus this , afternoon a mo'-*
tion was adopted by a small majority
which. provided that the session should
adjourn at midnight Wednesday and
that all legislation, however important,
which was. not enacted "by that time
should go over until next, regular ses
sion. The motion was not adopted, how
ever, until after a most heated discus
sion, which lasted for three hours dur
ing the afternoon, when recess was
taken until 8 o'clock this evening.
The first action taken by the caucus
this afternoon was the adoption of a
resolution, by a rising vote, to the ef
fect that it was the sense of the Re
publican members of the Oregon Legis
lature that President Roosevelt should
be renominated for President of the
United States and all of the members
pledged themselves to support, him.
SALEM, Or., ' Dec. 21.— The Oregon
Legislature convened in extraordinary
session to-day for the purpose of re
vising the tax laws of the State. Both
houses were organized with the old
officers throughout. Governor Cham
berlain's message dealt with tax legis
lation only and contained no recom
mendations. <
By a vote of 33 to 12 on a resolution
of Representative Bilyou /the House
went on record as being* opposed to
confining Itself to tax legislation only,
and referred . a resolution to that ef
fect to the committee on resolutions.
Both houses adjourned until 10 o'clock
to-morrow morning out tof respect to
the memory of Representative Murphy
of Union County, deceased.
Caucus Decides That All Work
Must Be Done Quickly and
Indorses President Roosevelt
Emplo3'C of Plaintiff Explains
Why He Has Not Changed
Sides in the Noted Case
Tragic Results of a Catastro
phe in a Power-House of the
St. Louis Transit Company
If Senate Confirms His Nomi
nation as Major General No
Further Honor Will Be Given
Opinion Is Rendered by Justice
McKenna and It Affirms the
Act of the ' State Tribunal
President Promises That He
Will Not Again Promote
the Former Army Surgeon
GOVERNOR NON-COMMITTAL
NEVER TO SUCCEED MILES
COACIDIAN ON. THE STAND
MANY 31 EN ARE INJURED
KAILROAD TRANSFER VOID
Legislature of Oregon Begins
( a , Special Session to Pro
vide Funds for Counties
Lawyers in the Hopper-Duns
rauir Case at Victoria Stir
Up Some New Complications
•Uifited "States Supreme Court
Decides That Long Possession
Gives Legal Title * to Land
Disaster Comes Without Warn
ing and Walls Fall Covering
the Employes With Debris
WOOD TO STOP
WHERE HE IS
LAW ON TAXES
IS THE THEME
EARLIER WILL
NOW AT ISSUE
FARMERS WIN
FIGHT IN UTAH
BOILER BURSTS,
KILLING THREE
DEFICIT FACES PROMOTERS
OF THE STREET CARNIVAL
Electrical Company Puts in Bill for $4000 and
if It Wins Suit It Has Brought to Collect That
Amount, Association Will Be Short $2000
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1903.
4
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
Upon that theory, proved beyond a
doubt, a cure for dandruff was sought
after. Scientists, chemists, druggists
and physicians all "took a hand" and the
successful issue is the present product
known as "Newbro's Herpicide."
This remedy actually kills the para-
eites that .Infest the hair bulb, does its
work most effective and contains not an
atom of substance injurious to anything
rise than the germ alone. Herpicide
causes .the hair to grow as nature intend-
ed it should, soft and abundant. ,v ¦>
Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c in
stamps for sample to, The Herpicide Co.,
Detroit, Mich. ¦
European Skin Specialist Says Dan-
druff Is Caused by Parasites.
UNXA DEFINES A CAUSE.
"I hare taken one bottle cf Doctor Pierce's
Golden Medical Discovery for indigestion and
liver complaint." writes Mr. C M. Wilson ol
YadVin College. Davidson Co.. N. C. «Ha»a
had no bad spells since I commenced taking
your medicine— in lact. hare not felt like tho
same man. Before I took the 'Golden Medical
Discovery' I could not eat anything witha*
awful distress, but now I can eat anything*
wish without having unpleasant feelings. t^Sff
summer our baby was teething and wu so ooot
he was almost a skeleton. We gave him your
"Golden Medical Disovery* and now he U u
healthy and well as any child. I will apeak a
good word for your medicine wheaem I have
an opportunity."
. Dr. Pierce's Pellets enre sick headache*
In the six day bicycle races the paca
tells terribly at the end. Man after
nan falls out exhausted. The victor
wabbles wearily over the line. In the
business race it's the same. Man after
man drops out exhausted. The success-
ful man is often a dyspeptic, unable to
enjoy success. ,When the stomach is
diseased there is not enough nutrition
assimilated to sustain the body and re-
pair the daily waste of tissues. The
result is weakness, tending to collapse.
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
cures diseases of the stomach and other
organs of digestion and nutrition. It
enables the perfect assimilation of food
by which the body is. built np with
sound, healthv flesh. , <
I Tells*AW. are selling agents for fountain
pens that'will fit your hand. Cost from
$1.00 to $5.00 each. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741:Market st. • '¦
* Kodaks ~ and "cameras make useful and
instructive Christmas : presents. ' Kirk.
Geary & Co., ; 112 Geary street. v •
Everything .In: Photography.
• "The Prince of Peace," a new can
tata, will be sung next Sunday night
at the'Third Congregational Church by
the choir. The work is by the English
composer, A. R. Gaul. The choir ren
dering the piece will be composed cf
twenty-four male and, female voices
under the direction of W. C. Stadtfehl.
The. cantata will- commence at 7:30
p. \ m. The, soloists will be Mrs. F. J.
Trist/' soprano; Mrs. F. N. Elliot, alto;
A.' E. Lawrence, tenor; E. C. Boysen,
barytone; ; Dr. G. L. Bean, basso, and
Miss K.'.F. ; Hutchinson, organist.'
New Cantata by; English Com
.; . poser, A. II. Gaul.
Third Congregational Church to Offer
LARGE CHOIR WILL SING
"THE PRINCE OF PEACE"
HONOLULU, Dec. 15.— The Torrens
land court, established by an act of
th3 last Legislature, has been so little
patronized that there is talk of disj
charging its employes and practically
closing it up. . Judge P. L. Weaver, a
registrar and deputy, stenographer and
clerk are under salary in the court and
there' has been only, one case In six
months. , Governor Carter has suggested
that the court partially disband until
'some business comes In. The court was
established with a view to introducing
the Torrens 'system in Hawaii, but ap-;
plications .for titles 'under the system
have" not comein. .
Torrens Land-Court in Hawaii Proves
a Failure and There Is Talk of
Disbanding Tribunal.
ONLY QNE CASE IS C'
1 TRIED IN SIX MONTHS
BOSTON, Dec. 21.— Rev. Brooke Her
ford, D. D., a distinguished Unitarian
clergyman and writer, is dead, aged 73
years. . '.'.;[¦ V£
Distinguished Clergyman Dies.
Round-trip tickets to Paso Roblef . $7.20, ena-:
ble all to pass holidays at the most charming
resort 'In California. .Beautiful country.- -with
fine drives. Invigorating sea and mountain air,
glorious «tinshlne. baths in mud or water from
hit medicinal eprinss. and faultless serrlco
and cuisine of the famous hotel. Far reserva
tions apply to W. A. Junker, manager and
lessee Paso Robles Hot Springs, Cal. •
Paso Rob les Hot Springs and Ret am.
HOLIDAY EXCURSION.
OAKLAND, Dep. ', 21.— Mrs. Isadore
Arth, a native of Germany, 28 -years
of age, died to-day at her home, 1611
Brush street. Mrs. Arth leaves a hus
band and one son. ' ¦ ,
Death of Mrs. Isadorc Arth.
PHILADELPHIA. . Dec.' 21. — Rev.
Mother Walburger, head of the Provin
cial Order of Nuns in the United States
and. also head of! the Convent of. the
Holy Child Jesus at Sharon Hill, near
this city, died to-day, aged 65 years.
Golden Gate Harbor No. 40 of the
American Association of Masters and
Pilots of Steam Vessels has elected
the following named as officers for
the ensuing term: P.' N. Stofen, cap
tain; J. T. Jones, ' captain's clerk; J.
Fetzenger, first, and, W. H. Hig
ginson. second pilot;. J. T. Jones,
grand representative to . Washington 1 ;
J. P. Ca'rson and W.S. Joy, alternates;
William Elsasser, Oscar Anderson and
J. A. Carson, trustees."
Harbor Election.
, HOUGHTON, Mich., Dec. 21.— After a
harrowing experience, in which thirteen
men, nearly lost their lives, the bodies
nf-the two Petersons and of Gregor
Iveich, who were suffocated in the Isle
Royale mine flre, were brought to the
surface to-day. The thirteen rescuers,
Ic-dby Captain Moyle, went down 700
feet through old shafts and winzes. As
they moved about in the old workings
they stirred up the gas and It began to
asphyxiate them. One man returned to
the surface and collapsed the moment
he .reached fresh air. Thirteen volun
teers at once went to the rescue. Two
of thie injured rescuers were found
crawling toward the surface, while the
other; ten were found unconscious. The
asphyxiated men were brought to the
surface and restored..
Thirteen Men Almost Lose Their Lives
in Attempting to Bring Bodies
' ¦-• ' . to the Surface.
VICTIMS OF MINE
' "I "'' DISASTER RESCUED
i
Governing Body of Ohio Odd Fellows !
Gives Notice That Liquor Dealers |
Will Be, Excelled. j
SPRINGFIELD, Ohio. Dec. 21.— The
Ohio Grand. Lodge of, the Independent.
Order of Odd Fellows has issued a cir
cular to the effect that on January 10,
1904, all -saloon-keepers, bartenders or
professional gamblers shall either quit
the order or those occupations. In the "
event\of a refusal to cease such call- I
ings they will be tried and expelled. j
PLACES SALOON-KEEPERS
UNDER BAN OF LODGE
The failure of, the. Treber-T^ack-« j
nung Company involved a loss of.
about $3,400,000 and resulted In sev- '
eral of ' the company's officers being .
sentenced to imprisonment. j
BERLIN, Dec. 21. — Dr. Moritz !
Meyer, /o/merly professor of political
economy at the Technical University j
of Charlottenburg and a writer of re- i
pute on financial subjects, has been I
arrested on the charge of fraud In \
connection with the failure of the Tre- j
ber-Tracknung (grain drying com- ;
pany) Bank at Cassel in July. 1901.'
His wife, a former actress, also has j
been arrested. Dr. Meyer is accused i
with a banker named Hugo Leeways'
of assisting the Treber-Tracknung di- j
rectors in deceiving the public by
manipulating the newspapers.
Dr. Moritz Meyer nnd Wife Are Ac
cused of Influencins Newspaper
to Cover a Bank Fail nre.
UNIVERSITY PROFESSOR
CHARGED WITH FRAUD
SAX JOSE. Der. 21. — George R. Jartvj<».
proprietor of a lodKin^-houje In \Test Sun F»r
nandn street, was found dea'l in b«»<l this
mornins. Death was caused by gas asphyxia
tion.
DEATH GALLS
A NOTED NUN
TO LAST REST
Le Roy Burns Smith of Cornell Uni
versity, class of 1901, was unanimously
! elected at .the last meeting of the board
I of directors of the Young Men's Chris
i tian Association as the educational di-
I rector of this large and.growing.de
| partment of the association's diversi
j fied" work. During the senior year of
Mr. Smith's work at Cornell he was In-
Etructor in public speaking, and he has
taken a post graduate course in peda
gogy. After his graduation he became
general secretary of . the Young Men's
Christian Association of the University
j of Wisconsin, which position he held
j for two years. He is 28 years old and is
la native of New York State. Mr. and
I Mrs. . Smith will be tendered a public
| reception at the association building
| Monday evening, January 4.
Smith will have charge" of all the edu
! cational work . of the institution, In
! eluding the night law school, the night
school for men, the day commercial
school, the three night schools for em
ployed boys and the industrial classes
including steam engineering, electrical
engineering, architectural, mechanical
and freehand drawing, naval architec
ture, assaying, chemistry, etc. The San
Francisco association's educational de
partment is the second In size in the
country, having enrolled nearly 700 stu
dents during the last year. It gives in
struction in all lines from the fifth
grade to preparation for the university,
including private coaching, and it is
one of the most practical departments
of .the large work of this Institution.
The winter term -will open January 5,
and the classes will conllnue through
out the year, night and day.
More than 30,000. students were en- !
rolled . in the night school department
of the Young Men's Christian Associa
tion In the United States last year, and
in many_ cities the .schools, have been !
very' largely endowed as permanent in
stitutions of our day. . ¦ ..
Le Roy B. Smith to Direct
Educational Work
Of Y. MCA.
MANILA. Dec. 21.— Governor W. H.
Taft will leave this city on Wednesday
next, the 23d inst., for the United States.
He will visit Tokio en route to meet the
Mikado, at the request of the latter.
He will be tendered a reception by the
citizens upon his arrival at Honolulu.
Taft Leaves Manila To-Day.
NEW DIRECTOR OF THE ED
UCATIONAL DEPARTMENT
OF THE Y. M. C. A.
Headaches From Colds.
I-axatlve Eromo Quinine removes the cause. To
get the genuine, call for the full name. 25c. •
CHICAGO, Dec. 21.— James Vleik, a
saloon-keeper, who a- few days ago
choked his wife to death, strangled
himself in his cell at the County Jail
to-day with a handkerchief. It is now
believed that insanity was n-u feigned,
but that Vleik took the life V>f his wife
and his own after being driven slowly
crazy by the woman's alleged drinking
spells.
Wife Murderer Ends His Life.
The German cruiser Condor left Apia
on December 2. The "vessel is bound for
FIJI and is expected to return to Samoa
July next. •
TUTU.ILA^ Dec. 8.— Several shipping
disasters have occurred in German Sa
mca. On December 2 the German Gov
ernment motor yacht "O le Aeto" was
destroyed through the explosion of gas
oline. She, was lying at anchor in Apia
harbor when at dusk' a loud explosion
was heard and immediately the vessel
was enveloped in flames. There was
only one Samoan on board and he es
caped with a severe burning.
On November 27 the Norwegian bark
Kalisto was sailing out of Matautu
harbor in the island of Savaii with
1000 tons of copra belonging to a Ger
man firm when she ran on a reef and
became a total loss. All the crew were
saved. The vessel and cargo were in
sured.
German Yacht Is Destroyed by an
Explosion and Norwegian Boat
Strikes on a *Rcef.
SHIPPING DISASTERS
NUMEROUS IN SAMOA
• Speyer Loan Is Marie Up.
TORONTO. Dec. 21. — F. II. Clergne
stated to-day that the full amount
necessary to meet the Speyer loan and
to set the works of the Lake Superior
Company in operation had now been
made up. Altogether a sum of
$8,000,000 was required for that pur
pose end $1,000,000 of it \3 said to
be at present in the hands of several
banking firms, while the remaining
$7,000,000 has been definitely prom
ised by financial firms in England,
Canada and the States. The English
firm is said to be Vickers & Maxim.
NEW YORK. Dec. 21. — A repre
sentative of the Speyer syndicate,
shown the Toronto dispatch,
said he failed to see how Clerguo's
statement in any way affected the
present state of affairs. Until some
bona fide ofter is submitted those now
controlling the Consolidated Lake Su
perior intend to proceed iv'ith their
reorganization plan. •
Statement Ij* Made That the Full
Amount Necessary to Meet
WILL REORGANIZE
LAKE SUPERIOR FIRM
No one could afford to pass by the un
derwear department without seeing th«
vast assortment of rare domestic and
imported lingerie. The lovely French
hand-made sets, consisting of three un
dergarments, all. to match, are, examples
of richness and daintiness that will
please fa&tidious femininity.
Perhaps- the most prominent character
istic of the Magnin store, and the one
which Is first noted by visitors, is the
manner in which the stock is displayed.
There is very lltle of the commonplace
about it. It is unlike other stores — it Is
a women's" store — and women do like
daintiness and elegance.
Another department displays an infi
nite variety of fancy neckwear — embrac
ing many unusually attractive designs of
hand-embroidered. and real lace effects;
also a splendid line of fancy belts of the
latest- design. The 'department devoted
to eiderdown robes and sacques. blanket
robes and imported negligees and tea
gowns made of French llannel and sill:,
trimmed with real laces and handsome
ribbon effects, is important to women
who admire garments of style and com
fort.
In the children's and misses' cloak and
suit department there are hundreds of
styles of the most exclusive design,
made of such materials that are best
adapted for them. Particularly attrac
tive is an entirely new line of misses'
dresses and two-piece suits, made of
sheerest wnite materials and trimmed
with fine laces, specially appropriate for
party and festival wear. In the chil
dren's and misses' hat department one
sees the very choicest and most exclu
sive styles' of Parisian hats, caps and
bonnets — the handiwork of the most
skillful designers.
In the -rear of tho store you will see a
large department devoted exclusively to
the necessities for infants. It seems that
tit no other store is there so much atten
tion* paid to the outfitting of infants. An
other department is devoted to dresses
for -older children and suits for small
boys. " .' •
The window display is an index to the
interior of the store. To the right, as
you enter, you are in one of the largest
waist sections* in the West. Here one
may be shown the most exquisite waists
created, made of the very newest weaves,
colorings and textures of silk and woolen
materials, trimmed in a thousand differ
ent ways. The assortment comprises the
choicest Parisian hand-made waists.
In passing by the various stores dur
ing the holidays one sees innumerable
displays,, each commanding more or less
attention; but "one. in particular, is fas
cinating. It is the attractive store of I.
Magnin'& Co., 918-022 Market street. For
years this firm has ranked' foreniost as
leading manufacturers, importers and re
tailers of only the best grade of wearing
apparel for women and children. Mr. E.
Magnln has just returned from the fash-
Ion centers of the East, where he has
been for several weeks selecting the
choicest goods obtainable for. the holiday
t raue _his purchases embracing, ideas in
exclusive garments that will not be
found elsewhere. In addition, their Eu
ropean buyers, who are constantly
searching the markets for the best, pro
ducts of foreign skill, have contributed
largely toward the unsurpassable line of
novelties. .
The Grandeur of « Fashionable Store.
KISHENEV. Bessarabia. Dec. 21.—
Two Russians, named Gnetschin and
Marosjeik, who have been on trial,
charged with murder as the authors of
the massacre of Jews here last spring,
were sentenced to-day to seven and
five years' penal servitude respectively.
Twenty-two persons charged with
having been involved in the massacre
¦were sentenced to periods ranging from
one to two years each. One person
was Sentenced to six months' impris
onment and twelve were acquitted,
¦while forty-eight civil actions brought
against the accused were dismissed.
The costs of the prosecutions must be
paid by the convicted persons.
LONDON. Dec. 21.— The Jewish com
munity here has received an alarming
report from Kishenev, saying that a
renewal of the outrages is p'.otted for
Christmas. Governor Prince Urussoff
summoned the president of the Klsh
«jiev Hebrew congregation and inquired
¦what the attitude of the Jews would
be in such a contingency. The presi
dent replied that the Hebrews would
defend themselves. Thereupon, accord
ing to the report, the Governor #said
that in that case troops would protect
the assailants. According to the Rus-
Fian calendar Christmas day falls on
January 7.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Rumor That Fresh Outrages
Agninst Their Race Are Be
ing Planned Excites Members
of London's Hebrew Colonv
MUST PAY THE COSTS
OF THE PROSECUTIONS
PARIS. Dec. 21.— The Commissary of
Police, who has conducted the investi
gation into the attempt on the lifts of
Max Xordau, the well known writer.
at a Zionist ball here Saturday, has
taken the testimony of Weschki, a by
stander, who was wounded by one of
the bullets fired by the Russian named
Chain Sellk Louban, the man arrested
on the charge of attempting the life of
Xordau. Weschki declared that Lou
ban fired into the air and that he. the
witness, wag struck because one of the
bullets riccocheted.
Louban has abandoned his first dec
laration that he /as chosen by a revo-'
lutlonary congress held at Berne. Switz
erland, who made ur» Nordau's polit
ical adversaries, to kill Nordau. He
now says he had no intention of kill
ing anybody, but simply desired to at
tract attention to himself.
The charge against Leuban Is on* of
carelessness In the use of firearms.
Nordau maintains that the shooting
was the result of a division over the
establishment of Zion.
LONDON, Dec. 21.— Both the Nation
alists and- Unionists are discovering s«-,
rious flaws in Irish Secretary Wynd
ham's-land act, which will necessitate
further 'amendment in Parliament.
In the Land Judges' court In Dublin
to-day, after several days' discussion.
Justice "Ross delivered judgment re
garding the sale of Lord Ely's estates,
according to which the .tenant for life
Is not entitled to appropriate the bonus
under the new aet for his own use, but
must hold It. subject to- trusts of set
tlement.
This- -important judgment, if upheld
on appeal, will prevent landlords who
are tenants for life from selling, as
they' would thereby lose the chief -in
ducement to sell under the act. The
judgment .will probably have the' effect
of all sales and negotia
tions'to sell until Parliament has tak-.m
steps to remove the doubts' and diffi
culties which have arisen In the Inter
pretation of the act.
.The postoffice officials refuse to talk
about the robbery and await the ar
rival of an Inspector. It is known that
a 'valuable registry pouch comes . to
Vallejo every evening In the 6 o'clock
mail. This pouch is said usually to
contain money and. valuables to the
value of several hundred dollars.
Naval offictrs'and others in the ser
vice who have families at. this point
use this method of sending money home
and these remittances are frequent.
The fact that this is -the holiday season
leads to the belief that contents of the
pouch were very valuable. »
The thieves must have been familiar
with the custom of leaving mail sacks,
arriving Sunday night, at the depot
until Monday morning. ' .
A report from Port Costa says a
number of opened letters were found
there this morning in a box car. The
thieves probably made their way to
that place in a boat and caught the
train to San Francisco.
Postoffice officials front San Francis.co
arrived here this afternoon and togeth
er with the local police are seeking the
trail of the robbers.
VALLEJO, Dec. 21.— The Southern
Pacific ticket office at this place was
robbed some time last night and sev
eral mail sacks were ripped open and
rifled of valuable contents. Only a
small amount of money was secured
from the cash drawers.
In response to Bryan's inquiry con
cerning the progress of public instruc
tion in Russia, the Czar gave a minute
description of the system of education
in the empire, showing an intimate
knowledge of educational methods and
the statistics relating thereto.
Bryan was entertained at dinner t>y
Embassador McCormick to-night. He
will leave for Berlin to-morrow.
ST. "PETERSBURG, Dec. 21.— William
J. Bryan was received In audience by,
Czar Nicholas at ndon tc ; -day. The au
dience, which lasted fifteen minutes,
was arranged almost on the spur of
the moment by Embassador /McCor
mick, who until yesterday -was uncer
tain as to the time of Bryan's arrival
In St. Petersburg. - .' .
During the conversation with Bryan
the Czar expressed in the most em
phatic manner the feeling of friendship
entertained by him and. by the Rus
sian nation for the United States and
the hope that the good relations which
had always existed between the two
nations Tvoii!d never be disturbed. He
gave evidence of deep Interest and ac
quaintance with affairs in the United
States. "- . - • /
The Waterman and Smart boys start
ed to run across the country to the
railroad tracks, when the Reynolds boy
fell, but they were called back. They
are both in the City Jail awaitlns the
result of the Coroner's inquest. Wa
terman admits the Reynolds boy was
shot while the gun was in his (Water
man's) hand, but he insists that it was
an accidental shooting. He says that
he had hastily placed a shell" in the
shotgun and was about to aim at a
bird, when the weapon was discharged.
The dead boy was the only son of a
poor woman, whose grief when s*he saw
her dead son was pitiful.
The two boys and a companion, Eu
gene Smart, started out to shoot wild
doves in the foothills south of Pomona.
The lads went across lots and had been
gone twenty minutes, when the report
of a gun was heard at the corner, of
Hamilton avenue and Second street.
People who ran to the scene of the
shooting saw the little Reynolds boy
lying in a pool of blood in the dusty
ruad. There was a wound in his neck
and part of his jaw was blown away.
The jueular vein was severed and the
lad died from loss of blood.
POMONA. Dec. 21.— Lester Reynolds.
a 13-year-old boy, was shot and killed
by a school chum, Frank Waterman, in
Pomona this afternoon.
Special D>patch to The Call
Well - Known Novelist Main
tains That the Shooting Was
the Result of a Dispute *
Companions of the Dead Child
Run From the Scene, but
Are Afterward Arrested
Progress of Public .Instruction
. in Russia Is Described .in
Answer ,to : . an' Inquiry
lords From Selling * -Rights
The; Judgment, if Upheld, Will
Prevent Life-Tenure Land-
Naval Officers May Have Lost
Money Contained in Let
ters in a Registry Pouch
YOUNGSTERS IX THE JAIL
Twenty-Five Russians Are Con
victed of Having Incited the
Hassacre of Jews and Sen
tenced to Periods of Servitude
OFFICIALS SEEK A TRAIL
PARLIAMENT MAY ACT
SMALL CHARGE PREFERRED
TALKS OF HIS .OWN . E3IPIR E
Thirteen-Year-Old Schoolboy Is
Shot and Killed by a
Companion at Pomona
Railroad Ticket? Office at Valle jo
Is Entered at Night and
Company's Cash Is Taken
Nationalists and Unionists Are
Each Objecting to Certain
Provisions of the Measure:
Xordau's Assailant Declares He
Had Xo Intention of Har
der, but Desired Attention
Expresses to the Xebraskan His
Feeling* .of '.: Friendship for
the People of America
KISHENEV'S
RIOTERS GO
TO PRISON
TRAGEDY ENDS
A DOVE HUNT
THIEVES CUT
SACKS OF MAIL
WTNDHAM'S ACT
SEEMS FAULTY
LOUBAN SATS
HE FIRED IN AIR
CZAR NICHOLAS
GREETS BRYAN
THE SAM FRANCISCO GALL, "TUESDAY. DECEMBER 22, 1903.
HIGH HONORS
BESTOWED ON
A YOUNG MAN
5
AD VEBTISEMENTSl
For Christmas
* - • ' ' ¦ T'. <
WsmS J \ j
isonnra m&os of latest pat-*i
tern. In all fashionable leathers, beautiful'
and well made.- as low as 93.OO. <
Card Cases. Letter Case*. Wallet*. Cl««r'
Cases. Music Rolls. Pnraea and Wrist Bars, <
all at cpeolal holiday prices. . <
• •. " . ; \' . .. <
THAT MAN PITTS :
. Tr^W. PITTS. The Stationer. !
1OO8 MARKET STREET, ;
Above Powell. ' i
SAJJ FRAXCISCO. ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Something useful for everybody and easy to buy— have
it charged and pay at your convenience. Punctual delivery
assured and you can depend on the goods being received ,
in perfect condition.
SHE j A CHILD HE
' would be pleased with would be delighted with would welcome
' A toilet table A metal criti A big leather arm
1 A cheval mirror A rattan rockcr ' chair -
A boudoir desk • . An office desk
A bedroom table A hrgh chatr A shavih ;c _ binet
, A dainty chiffonier A combined baby * u;,tt-*
A dresser, with large . . . . J A buttet .
irfirror jumber and rocker A b ig chiffonier
A brass bed A baby swing to hang A bookca.se-desk
i A cliina closet j n doorway ' A library table
I A music cabinet - A Morris chair
A p:ano stool j A nursery chair . A bo ' okcase
: A dining table . j A walking chair A card table
A tabourctte . Acombined high chair- An Oriental rug .*-''
A parlor rocker _, carriage A fancy screen
A charming maple A rattan crib . A comfortable couch
bedroom set . •-. A big davenport '¦ v #
] A wardrobe box couch A rca Morns chair A rfvo 1 ving office
; A pedestal for statue A child s folding bed c i la j r
« A curio cabinet A dainty wood rocker A sectional bookcase
?S e "lSUt and I We are going to give away a six-room I 7"" " Cdlt
I Wednesday !l0use an . d lot --\ b - v I0 ° fcet - Iocated in the is * 006 -
j new residence district on Sixth avenue, near iw car
Thursday C street-May 28th, 1904. • Sixth
Nights. Ask for particulars at the store. Street.
957 to 977 MARKET STREET. V
SHREVE & CO.,
MANUFACTURERS. •
. . IMPORTERS OF . .
Precious Stones ;
Gold and Silver Smiths
POST End MARKET STS.
' OPEN EVENINGS
L'HTiL CHRISTMAS
BIENNIAL STATEMENT
The San Francisco
"Savings Union
AT SAN FRANCISCO. CAL
14th DEC"EiIEER. 1903. ' 1
SHOWING UNCLAIMED DEPOSITS.
In accordance with Chapter C1.IV of an act
to compel savings banks to publish a sworn
statement of all unclaimed deposits (approved
March 23. l:ta:>, the following statement ta
submitted from our books at close of business
on the above date. via. :
Xame and tast Known Residence or
Postotflce Address — • Amount.
Baxter. William U.. Humboldt Bay.
Eureka $434 25
Blckel, William. Ansels Camp, Cal.. 430 »3
I)ii*gerier. William. Columbia. Cal.... 150 2tJ
Dunphy. William H.. San Francisco. . 207 &4
French. James. Stanyan St.. near
Grattan, Saa Francisco 51 50
GuitUelml-ettc. Vespasiano. Ko. 703
S torkton St.. S. F 89 2S
Hauler. Mrs. Ad-lalde, Tr., Xo. 107
Austin St., S. F. '. .; 74 9-4
Hatrtck. Miss Mary. No. 439 Bryant
St.. S. F «3 23
Holt, Mrs. Anna. No. 20O Stockton
St.. S. F S2 09
Kennedy. William. Alanvda Co.. CaJ. 315 *>»
Little. Mrs. Sara C. Seaside. Cal 7940
MrPherscn. John R.. New Washington
Hotel. S. F .."....-. 129 S3
O'Connor. Ml»s Ros« E.. International
Heel. S. F 139 73
Parsons. <'har?e» G.. Honolulu. H. T. 2.32D 0-i
Spllier, Mrs. Ann!e M.. Xo. 32 SUth
i«trf*et. S. F ISO 42
Staplfton. Joseph.* No. 1C2 Terry St..
P. F • 151 S3
STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
City ard County, of San Francisco— as.
1 do solemnly swear that I nave a personal
knowledge of the matters contained In tha
fcr»gofnsr statement and that every allegation,
statement, matter and thins therein contained
Is true to the he«t of my knowledge and belief.
LOVELL WHITE. Cashier and Secretary. .
Subscribe and swern to befora m« this
14th -lay of December. 1!*n. .
HAMILTON A. BAtTER.
Notary Public In and for the City and County
- of San Francisco. State of California.
.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KE1RW ST. Established
!» 1S34 forth* treatment of I'rivata
Disease*. l-o«t Manhood. Debility or
AH^as" urearlnjron body ami mind and
Sktn Dij>e»se». Th« Ooctor cures when
others fall. Try htm. Charges low.
4'urr<cnaranlrfil. Oi'.lor wrjjg>
Dr. J. F. UIBBON, ban Francisco, Cal.IN THE UPPER PICTURE IS SHOWN A PORTION OF THE NEW TIV
OLI'S HANDSOME INTERIOR. THE LOWER ILLUSTRATION IS
OF THE BUILDING'S EXTERIOR.
, The Central Theater threw sensa
tional melodrama in 'the -shade last
( night : and kept an immense audience
.laughing and applauding , for '-' nearly
;three hours with the jingling, musical
extravaganza, "Alphonse *and. Gaston."
From the time the over-polite French
men arrlve'in a dirigible balloon and
Central.
The Burton Holmes lectures, which
made such a favorable impression her&
last season, will again be given this Jan
uary in San Francisco. Mr. Holmes ex
pects to give ten or. more lectures during
his'.stay In this city; these will be divid
ed into two courses of five lectures each,
with possibly one or two extra lectures.
The two courses, will be .^s. follows:
Course A will comprise an all-American
series of subjects, the individual topics
befng: "The.Yosemlte Valley," # The Yel
lowstone Park/!- vThe Grand of
Arizona" and two on Alaska.*: Course B,
which will ba. given on . evenings alter
nating with the* all-American series, will
be devoted to Mr. Holmes* journey of two
cummers ago' by a new route'arouhd the
•world. -In this series he will give his ex
periences in Norway, Russia, Siberia,
China and Korea.
The Burton Holmes Lectures.
California.
"Foxy Grandpa" is in It3 second week
at the California Theater and is draw
ing crowded houses nightly.
The new officers'* are: Edward C.
Landis, worshipful master; • Byron- G.
Mantle, senior warden;. William V. "Bry
an, junior warden; Charles L. Haskell,
treasurer; Walter G. Anderson, secre
tary; James SI. Gleaves, senior deacon;
Samuel H. Clawson, junior deacon;
Walter K.- Fletcher, marshal ; Freder
ick A. Houseworth, senior -steward;
George E. Kammerer, Junior-steward;
R. Fletcher Tiltori, organist; George T.
Fischer, tyleri
- Retiring Master Snook .was presented
with a Jewel of his rank and a case of
silverware for Mrs. Snook.
The officers of Occidental Lodge," . F.
and A. .M., were installed In the Ma-
Eonic Temple , last -night byr James A.
Snook, the retiring master. After the
ceremony about 250 went to the Lick
House, where they partook of an instal
lation banquet. -. '-- r i&lj
Ceremony In the Masonic Temple Is
Followed by Presentation and
a Banquet. ' .
OCCIDENTAL .LODGE 1 ' '
INSTALLS OFFICERS
Columbia.
"Dolly Varden" began its second
week at the' Columbia last night. Lulu
Glaser is winning new fame in the
piece.
OAKLAND. Dec. 21. — The Hayward
Review has. issued a handsomely il
lustrated Christmas edition, setting
forth the many improvements which
have been made In that vicinity dur
ing the present year and telling of the
general prosperity of the interior of
the county. *•
Review's Christmas Number.
"I O U," at Fischer's Theater, Is
giving visitors during the. Christmas
week the worth of their money In op
portunities for many good laughs. Last
evening the business was good.
The Chutes offered its annual
Christmas spectacle yesterday for the
first time and twenty pretty and tal
ented children gave a half hourfs en
tertainment that was like a gjimpse
of fairyland. Their specialties ranged
from vocal solos to ambitious ballets,
the "fencers' quadrille" being espe
cially interesting. A beautiful elec
trically illuminated Christmas tree,
from which every child in attendance
next Friday afternoon will be gfven a
present, was shown at the conclusion
of trie act. Joe and Sadie Britton. the
inimitable .colored dancers; Esmeral
da, the talented- xylophone soloist;
Carter and Mendel, sidewalk conver
sationists; Vera Chandon, singer of
illustrated songs, and the animato
scope. showing many new and amus
ing moving pictures, completed aivun
usually good programme. The ama
teurs will appear on Thursday night.
Fischer's.
The Chutes.
The play is as well put on as usual
at the Alcazar and furnishes an ex-*
cellent Christmas entertainment.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
In the smaller roles two distinct hits
arfe made. Eleanor Gordon makes one
of them. This young woman la coming
out at a hopeful rate and does this
week a sketch of, the Dutch servant
Beelena that Is full of humor and char
acter. Her dialect is delightful and
her makeup of a high order of'self
sacrifice. Harry S. Hilllard is also very
funny, as the fool boy, Isaac Hawkins,
particularly, in its relation to the pret
ty parts usually assumed .by. the lead
ing, juvenile, and Marie Howe was
clever, as the 'mother. .
All plays seem to look alike to 'the
Alcazar company, which .is to say
again that it is an unusually versatile
one. This week the buzzsaw drama,
"Blue Jeans," is the bill, and It doesn't
lose a . thrill in the acting. There Is
shrewd fun a plenty in the play, wads
of heart interest and a buzzsaw In
action, not 5 to speak of the yearling
Durham — one rather expected him to
begin mind-reading after the Orpheum
bills of this and last week! He how
ever took the center of the stage as if
he had been born to the business, while
Frances Starr valiantly laid her pretty
cheek against his shaggy neck. Of the
long cast Miss Starr as June is perhaps
happiest in her part. She gains in ten
derness and depth dally. Naturalness
she always had, and every note of her
work rings truly. Miss Block is cast as
the adventuress, Sue Eudaly.and with
her black brows and eyes, succeeds In
convincing that she would like to be
an adventuress if she could. .. She Is
a very "amiable villalness, however,
though quite heavy enough foV "Blue
Jeans." Mr, Osborne does not quite hit
it as the political boss. Colonel Rlse
ner. He Hardly seems to have the
character definitely outlined for him
self, and it creates, therefore, a rather
hazy impression upon the audience.
Mr. Durkin is a pleasing Perry Bas
com.
"Blue Jeans," the Buzzsaw Drama,
Holds the Boards This Week.
ALCAZAR'S BILL THRILLS.
BUTLER. Pa.. Dec. 21. — Tfcsre wer» no
deaths to-day from typhoid fever and but one
new case was reported.
Pretty papeteries in beautiful boxes—*
envelopes and paper tied with Bilk rib->
bons. Useful for Christmas. Sanborn,
Vail & Co. • •
There are- few theaters anywhere to
compare with the hew Tivoli in all the
modern essentials to public conveni
ence. It is big and handsome and com
fortable and as safe as strict compli
ance with the building and: fire'ordi
nances could make it. Architectural
Ingenuity and decorative art have made
it a playhouse that any city- onvearth
might Justly be proud. of, and that San
Francisco is proud of it finds ¦ rrfahifes
tatlon every, time a loyal citizen* Is ". al
lowed to inspect its Interior^ Pride is
also reflected from every glance : east
upon, the unfinished exterior by jthe
townfolk who pass it. . .'. '•:
As the exterior' speaks for;itself — or,
at least, will speak with more respect
compelling' eloquence when .the' work
men have finished their tasks and re
moved the . unsightly . scaffolding— it, Is
of the completed interior as it will' be
seen by the first-night audience .to
morrow that this article purposes 'to
treat. ! '' \
Of the structure as a wholeU let.-, it
be understood that. It. is entlrely,,*of
stone, brick and ornamental metals.
The style of architecture throughout* is
French renaissance and the "scheme '; is
sustained in the decorations/ The'to
tal seating' capacity Is' 220(KiO(^
auditorium, eight boxes an.d.;as^m'any
loges; 700 -in* the" dress circle and ,-500
in the upper circle. The balconies ; are
unusually free from obtrusive posts,
ENTIRELY MODERN.
When the general public— or as much
of it as could proceure admission tick
ets — enters the new Tivoli Opera
house to-morrow evening It will see
very little to remind it of the old Tiv
oli that for thirty consecutive years
endeavored to give what San Francisco
demanded in the way of .combined mu
sical and dramatic entertainment.
The transformation eclipses in com
pleteness anything of the kind ever
produced upon the stage of the vener
able structure that has been aban
doned. Manager Leahy told it all
when he stated that only the human
features of the old Tivoli had j been
rrfoved across the street.
Even the atmosphere is changed. The
odors inseparable 'from staleness have
given way to the more pleasant ones
pertaining to. fresh paint and upholr
stery. Sentimentalists" may grieve
when -they first miss the .hard-seated,
straight-backed chairs .in which they
sat in the old house, but such regrets
cannot- withstand the ; onslaught of
solid comfort that comes with reclining
at the proper ease angle in a seat of
padded leather and with enough space
in front to enable the legs to be ex
tended or crossed without kicking rny
thing.. It is also rnuch more agreeable
to have an unobstructed -view -of the
stage without neck-craning thanto sit
and wish mean things of the large
headed man or „ blgrcolffured"' woman
whom fate has placed .in your line of
vjslon.. The oldrtimer who sits in the
new Tivoli may sigh perchance for the
old Tivoli and the' old "days— and more
power to him for so doing— but it would
be unwise to bet on his willingness to
give up the new for the old.
-From the middle front of- the dress
circle Js the best place to view the
boxesan.d stage. The great proscenium
arch, brilliant with its many electric
lights, rich in gold and artistic decora
tions, encircling, the stage opening and
flaring out to sides and ceiling to the
very center of the house, some 30 feet
In'- depth... with its open ornate boxes
gracefully stepping from line of balcony
to stage level, and with its " further
magnificent plastic ornamental arcade
settings as background to boxes ris
ing" to the full height" of the audito
rium, is a decorative feature worthy of
note. The stage is 120 feet -in width,
68 feet in depth and 60 feet in height,
arid its construction ' is up-to-date in
every .detail. ' It is equipped, with an
asbestos curtain and a "set. of scenery
upon which the painters have been at
work for months. The electrical switch
board is patterned after -.that of : the
Metropolitan Opera : hoUse. New York.
Numerous airy dressing-rooms promise
comfort for the performers. , . .
Throughout the Interior the decorat
ive work Is an artistic combination of
delicate green, cream and gold, and
when all the lights are ablaze the gen
eral effect is.. bright, but flacking the
garish' that disfigures so many, theaters.
Surmounting the proscenium arch Is. an
appropriate picture, group In which the
colors* blend most harmoniously '.with
the environment. . - .,...'.-. ' . •
But bare description, no matter how
elaborately or glowingly worded, can
VIEWING THE STAGE.
The theater has a clear width in
side of 124 feet and its depth from the
main entrance to the back of the stage
is 100 feet. The main floor Is level with
the street surface and through the nu
merous exits the house could be emp
tied. In a very few minutes. Unlike
most theaters, the main auditorium
opens directly upon two streets— MasOn
and Eddy—through five wide doors.
Each balcony is approached by sep
arate stairways, two . of these being
outside the theater walls and two oth
ers at opposite ends of the foyer. At
the main entrance is an elevator to
give rapid and easy access to the upper
balcony. Each floor has a separate
foyer, the main one being 12 feet In
width and 180 feet in length— spacious
enough to give about 1000 people com
fortable standing room. * Beneath the
corne» structure is- the gentlemen's
cafe, descended to by two wide stair
ways. ...
¦>' To see the entire interior in all its
beauty one must stand upon the stage.
From this viewpoint everything indi
cates most careful treatment architec
turally. The lines are so placed and
the subdivision 'of parts so arranged
as to make an effect at once ingenious
and graceful. On either side, level with
the dress circle, is the handsome group
of four boxes, with their morocco up
holstery and glistening brass work, and
extending beyond them, on tho main
floor, are four luxuriously furnished
loges, with low dividing walls of marble
topped • with morocco. Each loge has
a separate dcor r from the foyer. The
two balconies sweep gracefully in per
fect [semicircle.
NUMEROUS EXITS.
the cantilever system of support hav
ing been used as much as possible.
' OAKLAND, Dec. 21. — Fire In a
closet last night at the Eureka HoteT.
Seventh and Washington streets, ap
peared to have been deliberately start
ed, but H. Luderman, the proprietor^
has no idea what might have prompt
ed an incendiary to workl No serioua
damage was done.
Suspicious Fire In Hotel.
According to Ainsa's affidavit the of-"
flee. of. the company was in the Hobart
building. He saya the directors of the
concern met there as late as last No
vember and transacted business. Hop
kins' affidavit is to the effect that the
directors of the company sometimes
hold meeting in this city, but that
none have been held since last June.
In support of his statement he incor
porates in his affidavit a copy of the'
articles of incorporation, of the com
pany purporting- to. show that the
headquarters of the . concern are in'
Phoenix, Ariz.
The 'affidavits filed yesterday in the
proceedings against the Mexican An
thracite Coal Mining Company by J. P.
Hopkins, private secretary of Alvinza
Hayward, one of the directors of the
concern, and Santiago Ainsa, a stock
holder, are conflicting and only serve
to add to the haze that surrounds the
affairs of the concern. The. affidavits
were called forth by the suits Against
the company instituted by Kate J.
Black, who is seeking by the aid of the
law to recover the large sums she in
vested in the concern. ¦.
J. P. Hopkins and Santiago Ainsa Dif
fer as to Location of Office of
Jlexican Coal Company.
Little gold clocks, candle sticks, can
delabra and trays. A dainty line for
Christmas. Pleases everybody. San
born, Vail & Co. •
COYFLICTIXG AFFIDAVITS
FILED IV MIXING SOT
Owing to the lateness of the hour last
night the sale of Merriwa stock farm
race horses was not concluded. The bal
ance of the stock will be disposed of to
night at the Occidental Hor?p Ex
change. Thirty-seven fine thorough
breds were disposed of at prices rang
ing from $75 to $5000. Among the pur
chasers was S. Polk of Montana, -who
bought a number of thG highest priced
animals, including the bay sister of
Articulate.
Sale of 3Icrriwa Stock.
Give Her a Kodak.
We carry a complete stock of them.
Every instrument guaranteed. Kirk.
Geary & Co.. 112 Geary street. ¦ •
TRENTON, N. J.. Dec. 21.— James M.
Edge, the bank teller who embezzled
about $110,<ft)0 of the funds of the First
National Bank of Paterson, N. J., was
to-day sentenced to seven years' im
prisonment in the penitentiary.
begin the exploitation of America the
fun is fast and furious. One humorous
situation follows another in quick suc
cession, and a big chorus of well
trained voices opens and closes each of
the three acts.
The music is of the catchy variety,
and many of the new popular songs
are effectively rendered. Miss Virginia
AInsworth, who appears in the leading
female role, made a brilliant hit with
her 'superb vdcal performances. She
possesses a voice of remarkable range
and power, i Tony West, as the long,
lean, lank Gaston, filled the bill to a
nicety, and Millar:- Bacon, as the short
partner, Alphonse, was very clever in
his vocal specialties. . The singing of
Myrtle Vane and /Lillian Levy, (he rag
time piano-playing by Elsie G. Rafael,
the drum specialty by Essie Doreen
and the fancy dancing .by Merle Bunn
and Grace Darnley, were greatly appre
ciated and enthusiastically encored.
Henry Shumer figures in the cast as a
candidate for office, passing around the
glad hand; Ernest Howell as a man of
ideas who needs only money to become
a millionaire, George Webster as an up
to-date policeman and Elmer Booth as
one whose object.in life is to put money
into circulation.
Miss Genevieve Kane has the role of
a leader of the aristocracy. Some ele
gant costumes are worn by the women
of the cast,- and the chorus girls are
strikingly graceful and pretty. "Al
phonse and Gaston" is one of the fun
niest pieces ever seen at the Central.
The actors enter, into the lively spirit
of the piece with relish, and there is
vim and snap to every bit of the rollick
ing production. There were many cur
tain calls and the opening night recep
tion of the Central's Christmas-week
attraction assures a big week's run. ,
Bank Teller Gets Seven Years.
To open the new house tho manage
ment has appropriately chosen an at
traction pertinent to the season. "Ixion;
or, the Wheelman," Is its title, and it
is announced as a musical .extrava
ganza that . will bring out the full
strength of the company and the best
of the scene painters', mechanics' and
electricians' art. . The piece was put
together by" Ferris Hartman, than
whom there is no better caterer to bid
and young children "to be found any
where. Paul Steindorff,' the music di
rector, has composed a new march and
dedicated it to 'the' new house, and it
will be the first orchestral number to
resound there.
The cast of "Ixlon" will include Bes
sie Tannehill, one of the best singing
character comediennes in •America;
Wallace Brpwnlow, an English bary
tone, who will make his first appear
ance in musical comedy in this, country,'
and such established favorites as Annie
Meyers, Anna Lichter, Aimee Leicester,
Mamie Davles, Nettie Deglow, Ferris
.Hartman, Arthur Cunningham, Ed
ward Webb, William Schuster and
many others. There will be more than
one hund/ed and fifty people on the
stage at one time. Among the ballets
will be the "Greek Picture," "Ballet
of Love," "Wines of California," "Snow
Ballet" and "Early Days in California."
The ballet movement from Tschaikow
sky's "Nutcracker Suite" will be one of
the incidental numbers played by Di
rector Steindorff and his orchestra.
convey no adequate idea of the beauties,
of the new .Tivoll's interior. Every one
in San Francisco will hasten to see it,
of course, and equally of course it will
be inspected by every theater-going
visitor to the city. So it might be un
fair to forestall in any degree the pleas
ure to be derived from a personal in
spection.
FOR THE OPENING.
President Wheeler does not believe
that McKowen will attempt to evade
the penalty for his crime by pleading
insanity or relying on some technicality
in the proceedings of the' law.
"He is not insane," said President
Wheeler.:- "That plea would not 'work
in this case. And I don't believe thir«»
is any chance for him to take
tage of technicalities. We have* checks
in our possession that were cashed by
him. and on ,these He certafnly must
have secured the money." .. V - .'. ,
President Wheeler denies tlie .story,
that 50000 entrusted to him by '.the par
ents of Filipino children being educated
in this country .were engulfed by; Mc-
Kowen's race track operations. Luck
ily for President Wheeler this rhgney.
was safeguarded In such a way that
McKowen could not have spent it if he
would and therefore not a cent of it
has been misspent. , ?.
"That money I held In my own
name," said President Wheeler.' "It
was no matter of the university's at
all. It is true that McKowen dispensed
the money for the maintenance of these
Filipino boys, but it was done under
my direction andit was Impossible for
him to get hold of any more . money
than I was willing to give. . I have
vouchers for all . the money that was
paid out for these boys.". ;
The tormal charging of McKowen
with embezzlement . was apparently
done as a precautionary measure in
case his attorneys should attempt to
obtain his release through habeas cor
pus proceedings. It was announced
last Thursday that no formal complaint
would be filed until the bookkeeping ex
perts had concluded their task and the
exact amount of McKowen's defalca
tions was ascertained, and that Attor
ney Harry A. Wright, on behalf of the
accused, had promised to take no ac
tion to secure his client's liberty pend
ing the investigation. McKowen him
self at that time declared he had no
yearning for freedom until his case had
been disposed of by the Regents. Con
sequently, the filing of the formal com
plaint yesterday came as something of
a surprise to the miserahle prisoner.
Accountant Norman McLaren last
evening acknowledged that sufficient
evidence to convict McKowen of em
bezzlement, if he should attempt to
withdraw his confession and substitute
a defense or seek to elude justice
through a legal technicality, has al
ready been obtained from the books.
Thus far the bookkeeping experts have
devoted their efforts to getting specific
facts upon which to base a formal
prosecution, and having succeeded in
accomplishing that ' they w«Jl now -go
through the books more systematically.
It is expected that their task will not
be finished until after the holidays. The
Board bf Regents will meet on January
12. by which time the finance commit
tee hopes to have all the available evi
dence to lay before them.
In speaking of the- effect which Mc-
Kowen's peculations will have on th?
finances in the hands of the university
authorities. President Wheeler said
yesterday that the scholarship funds,
so far as knojvn, still contain the origi
nal amounts subscribed by their
donor*. It is the funds provided by the
State for the maintenance of the uni
versity that have suffered, as these
were dipped into by McKowen. to make
good the deficiencies in the scholarship
funds caused by his race track plung« h.
These deficiencies in the State funds, it
is supposed, were covered up by Mc-
Kowen when he charged up the money
to "expenditures."- -
McKOWEX NOT INSANE.
A CAUTIOUS MOVE.
William A. McKowen, the embezzling
secretary of the University of Califor
nia, has been formally and specifically
charged with having embezzled funds
belonging to that institution.
Complaint 'was filed against McKow
en yesterday afternoon In 'Oakland by
Norman McLaren, acting for the 1 fin
ance committee of the Board of Re
gents of the university, and a warrant
was accordingly issued by the Alameda
County District Attorney. As the ac
cused man has been in the custody of
the Sheriff ever since he confessed his
crime last Wednesday, necessity of ar
resting him was obviated. But the pros
ecution which the Regents evidently
intend to press relentlessly is formally
under way. • -
The complaint accuses McKowen of
having on May 25, 1903, embezzled the
sum of $3515, which had been donated
to the anthropological department, the.
money having been paid to him and he
having appropriated it to his own use.
The name of the donor of the money
thus pilfered is withheld at his request,
but it Is known that this item Is only
one of several positive proofs of dis
honesty that have been unearthed by
Expert Accountant McLaren in his ex
amination of the secretary's books and
vouchers.
Not until yesterday did the story be- j
come known. It was alleged that the .
captain and some of the passengers J
made the statement that Second Officer i
Jones, who was oo the bridge at the (
time, was insane and steered the ship j
from her course and with the reckless- j
ness of a maniac endangered the lives |
of all on board by nearly running the ;
vessel ashore on the island. The Sher
man was headed about just in time to
avoid gning on the rocks.
Immediately after the escape from de. J
Etruction Captain Bruguiere suspended
Jones from duty and the ship proceeded !
on her voyage to Manila. She arrived '
on the return trip here several days j
ago.
F. W. Jones, against whom these j
grave charges were made, when inter
viewed last night, said that he was not
insane at the time Wake_Island was j
approached and that he was steering on i
the course laid down by Captain Bru- j
guiere. He says the captain told him •
fifti^en minutes before the_ ship came j
near being wrecked to log Wake Island j
as having been passed abeam, two and j
a half miles off. *
Jones' statement is as follows: "The
ihief engineer, captain and two passen
gers were on the bridge. Captain Bru- '
giere was busy conversing with them I
and gave them all of the glasses on the <
bridge, leaving none for me to see with. !
I was steering his course. At 6:30 he
thought he saw Wake Island on the j
starboard bow, and at 7 he told .me to ;
log it as .having been passed. At 7:15, !
when the land loomed up ahead, he flew j
into a rage and suspended me from !
duty, although he had fifteen minutes i
before t"ld me to log the island as
passed. I was not insane, nor did I at- !
tempt to take my own life. Had I set '¦
the course and been to blame for the*
trouble I would not now be aboard the i
vessel and drawjng my pay.
"This attack on my character is felt
keenly by me, for I was not to blame. |
I have been a master and officer for I
seventeen years and have never had an I
accident. Had the captain been attend- I
inc to the laying down of hii? course j
and not allowed passengers to come on
the bridge, take ajl the glasses and oc- i
cupy all of his time, the trouble would i
never have happened."
On October IT the transport Sherman,
v. hile on her trip from Stfn Francisco to
the Philippines, came near running
ashore on Wake Island, a small piece of
land in the mid Pacific, between the
Hawaiian and the Ladrone islands.
Mercier's report, it is believed, not
only established that Dreyfus was in
nocent of writing the bordereau, but
dwelt with emphasis on the modifica
tion by Gribelin, keeper of the War
Office records, of his testimony before
the council at Rennes. Grebelin then
swore that Dreyfus was guilty, while
the modification of his testimony now
indicates that the alleged treason was
committed by Colonel Henry, who was
at the time chief of the intelligence de
partment of the Ministry of War.
PARIS, Dec. 21.— It has been learned
that at a meeting of the Dreyfus Com
mission next Wednesday Victor Mer
cler, reporter for the commission and
one of the directors of the .Ministry of
Justice, .will submit a report recom
mending revision of the case of Cap
tain Dreyfus. It is not yet positively
known whether Mercier's report will
recommend revision b;- the Court of
Cassation or by* the court-martial, but
there is every reason to believe that the
Court of Cassation will now reconsider
the case in the light of the facts gath
ered by Mercier, at the same time pass
ing upon the other documents submit
ted. • •
While It is impossible at this stage
to predict what view will be taken by
the commission, it Is expected that it
will adopt, by at least a majority. Mer
cier's recommendation. If the revision
of the case should be favorable to Cap
tain Dreyfus he will be restored to the
army, no matter what protests may be
made, but it. is not expected that he
will assume active service.
Belief that the Southern Pacific is
taking measures to acquire the North
Shore Railroad is entertained in bank
ing circles, but many railway men hold
to a contrary view. The latter insist
that the Southern Pacific is in position
to extend its lines northward by ntfier
routes and would not care to buy the
North Shore for the purpose of widen
ing its suburban system.
Other railway men observe that the
Santa, Fe is making extensive prepara
tion to extend its system to the great
redwood forests of Northwestern Cali
fornia. They argue that the Southern
Pacific is taking measures to meet fu
ture competition on the north coast.
When John Martin, president of tha
North Shore, was in New York a few
weeks ago a well known capitalist of
fered to take a large block of the com
pany's bonds provided the negotiations
could be conducted speedily. »The capi
talist or agent of th£ purchasing syndi
cate agreed to take the bonds at their
face value and pay accrued interest.
North Shore Railroad honrts to the
value of $1,500,000 have been deposited
with the Mercantile Trust Company of
this city. The option time limit «
pir«?d last Saturday, but before the ex
piration the requirements of the par
chasing syndicate had been compiled
with. Intelligence derived from several
sources is to the effect that the negotia
tions for the purchase of the bonds are
being: conducted on behalf of E.
H. Harriman. A railroad man
who is familiar with thev inside
affairs ef the deal • remarked yes
terday: "It isr.bvious that one of these
three companies— thr> Southern Pacific.
Western Pacific or Santa Fe— is inter
ested in the transaction." Positive de
nial of any interest in the negotiations
comes froni headquarters of the San
ta Fe.
Man on Bridge Says Master
Told Him to Log Wake Island
as Passed Before Reached
3FeKowen's Chances of Release
on Habeas Corpus Removed
by the Action of Regents
Bankers Entertain Belief That
the Real Purchaser. Is E.II.
Harriman of Southern Pacific
Should the Outcome Be Final
Triumph for the Captain, He
.Will Be Restored to the Army
EXPIRATION OF OPTION
ITS ACCEPTANCE EXPECTED
BLAMES CAPT. BRUGUIERE
A PRECAUTIONARY MOVE
Architectural, Structural and Decorative Art Combine
to Equip San Francisco With a Playhouse That
Any City on Earth Might Be Proud to Have
Second Officer Jones of Trans
port Sherman Charged With
Endangering Many Lives
Expert Accountant Accuses
Secretary of University With
the Embezzlement of $3515
Large Block , of Company's
Bonds Acquired by a Syndi
cate of Eastern -Capitalists
Favorable Keport Will Be Sub
mitted to the Commission
by Merrier on Wednesday
SHIP NEARLY
RONS ASHORE
DREYFUS CASE
TO BE REVISED
NORTH SHORE
RAILWAY DEAL
NEW TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE IS READY
FOR OPENING SHOW TO-MORROW NIGHT
M'LAREN FILES
FORMAL CHARGE
THE SAN 'FRvVNCISCO CALL', TUESDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1903.
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
We'll teed you a Maple free npon request.
•COTT & BOWNE, 409 Pearl Street, New York.
ment may be Scott's Emul-
sion will prove a valuable
addition. It has often turned
the scale of health the right
way. Because Scott's Emul-
sion contains the pure cod
liver oil it furnishes heat and
fat ¦_ The hypophosphites pro-
vide tissue-food, blood-food
and' marrow-food The com-
bination of the two represents
a wonderful form of nourish-
ment and one that can be
readily taken and retained at
any stage of the disease.
Scott's' Emulsion gives best
results when used mosjt reg-
ularly. Made a part of the
consumptive's regular diet it
will invariably afford relief.
Occasional use of Scott's
Emulsion is a test unfair to'
the Emulsion and the patient
There is no specific for
consumption. The nearest
approach to a cure is right
living and Scott's Emulsion.
No matter what the treat-
SCOTT'S EMULSION.
JijtoiJDAY thoughts
— One of our alluring
Cellarettes will delight
the man who keeps
" Bachelor's Hall. Mass-
ive and simple in.thejr
/ lines— capacious 'and
: 'handsome— in the fin-
ishes that discrimina-
ting men like. Charm-
ing gifts for .women.
All the most vvanted
ideas— Writing Desks,
Toilet and ' Work, Ta-
bles, Dressing Stands,
Costume or Skirt
Poles. A visit to our
'Show Rooms, where
only exclusive things
are shown, is one of
the real Holiday Op-
portunities.
Open Evenings.
* opp.Kearny
For Stomach Disorders
jjffij Cout and Ovsoopsia
DRINK ¦ ,,
Best .NATURAL Alkalino Water.
A- VIutflEB CO., San Francisc*McClellan Tenders Resignation.
WOODLAND, Dec. 21. — Arthur, the
11-year-old son of Mr. and Mrs. Mose
McGrew, died under pathetic circum
stances last Saturday while on the way
from Gulnda, in Capay "galley, to the
town of Capay for medical aid.
On Thursday, December 10, the boy.
while playing with a 22-caliber rifle
near Gulnda, shot himself in the head.
A physician who was called at the
time declared that It was nothing but
a scalp wound and was not a serious
matter. The boy seemed to be improv
ing and for a few days was up and
around the house. A few days ago hl3
condition became so serious that an
other, physician was called. He found
that the skull had been fractured and
removed part of the bone. ' Saturday
morning it was decided to perform an
other operation, and the parents start
ed for Capay for that purpose. The
boy died on the road, near Tancred.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTI^E, Dec. 21.— The steamship
Farallon reached Seattle thl3 morning,
having on board the passengers of the
overdue Canadian Pacific steamship
Amur. , . j..;
The Amur left Skugway on Sunday,
December 13, and ott Monday, the 14th,
ran on Harbor Reef 'at the entrance to
Port Simpson. : At high tide she pulled
off, but broke her tall shaft. She suc
ceeded In reaching the wharf at Port
Simpson ahd on Friday the Farallon
went in ahd took off her x-assengers.
She will probably have to be towed to
Vancouver.
The. Amur struck the^ rocks of Har
bor Reef about 4 o'clock In the morning.
Favorable weather probably prevent
ed her from pounding; to pieces. No
sea was running at the time and the
officers did not find It necessary to
send the passengers ashore In the small
boats. The bottom of tlje Amur is
stove* in, but as the vessel has water
tight compartments it was not neces
sary to use the oumos.
Parents of an Injured Child
Hasten for Surgical Aid, but
All Efforts Prove Futile
Overdue Canadian Pacific
Steamship Suffers a Disaster
on the Alaskan Coast
DEATH STOPS
THEIR JOURNEY
AMUR STKIKES
ON THE ROCKS
Headaches From Colds.
Laxative Erorno Quinine removes the cause. To
r*t the rer.u!r.e, ca!I fr>r the full name. 25c. •
Lumber Firm in Bankruptcy.
CHICAGO. Dec. 21. — The lumber
yards and business of the George E.
White Company were placed in the
hands of a receiver to-day. The action
followed the filing of a petition by cred
itors, alleging bankruptcy of the firm.
The liabilities are placed at $250,000 as
sets not over $200,000.
KANSAS CITT. Mo.. Dec. 21.— Attoreey*
General E. C. Crow, who yesterday an
nounced that he would go to Redlands Cal
to recover his health, shattered In h!« persist
ent fiitht to com-ict legislative boodlers left
for the West to-day.
Thomas Hill and Fred Tucker were
before Judge Mogan on charges of rob
bery yesterday. They wore arrested by
Policeman Dan Driscoll and Special Of
ficer Con Kelley because they had
robbed an old man of $5. In the confu
sion of the chase the officers lost the
complaining witness, so they made a
charge of vagrancy against them. The
inquiring Judge finally developed the
fact that the only charge' that could
properly be placed agalnft the defend
ants was that they had succeeded in
leading Jim Hoffmann of the Bohemian
cigar stand into paying Mm $1 50 in ex
change for 80 cents in silver. "Hand-
GRAND RAPIDS. Dec. 21. — In the
Superior Court to-day all respondents
in the prosecutions for bribery and
conspiracy arising from Lant K. Sals
bury's confession of the attempt to
put through the Lake Michigan water
deal, who had not previously con
fessed, pleaded not guilty. January
1 1 was settled upon as the day for
the beginning of their trials. Those
who were charged with conspiracy de
manded separate trials.
Alleged Boodlrrs Plead Not Guilty.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 21.— The Su
preme Court to-day affirmed the de
cision of the Court of Claims refusing
to grant increased pay to Ulysses S. G.
White, a civil engineer in the navy,
under the navy personnel act of 1S99.
White was appointed to the position in
1887. He claimed to have reached the
maximum rate of pay in the army by
reason of five years' service before en
tering the navy and to have been en
titled to a higher rate for the time of
his entire naval service. The court
held otherwise, however, on the
ground that the operation of the law is
prospective and not retrospective.
This was a test case. • i.
Supreme Court Decides Technical
Question and Rejects Demands
of N'aval Engineer.
WHITE'S SALARY WILL
NOT BE INCREASED
BEDFORD, IncL. Dec. 21. — The jury
In the case of Mrs. Cora Weeks, who
has been on trial, charged with the
killing of Mrs. Susanna Ireland., her
p.gcd mother. - to-day. after deliberat
ing since Saturday., reported its in
ability to agree on a verdict. The ju
rors declined to give the \ results of
their ballots. Joseph Weeks, husband
of Mrs. Weeks, is under indictment on
the same charge.
Jury in Work*: Case Disagrees.
Claude Meyn, a sailor, had a diffi
culty with Joe Frudenthal, also a sail
or, on Mission street Saturday night.
After the trouble'had been In some sort
alleviated Meyn followed Frudenthal
half a block and landed on him with -a
knife. He inflicted several wounds on
the head of his victim. Frudenthal was
unable to appear in court yesterday
owing to his injuries and Judge Fritz
held the defendant without bail.
Secretary of Treasury Issues Circular
Letter to Oflicera of the
Customs Service.
GIVES INSTRUCTION'S
ON THE CUBA TREATY
WASHINGTON, Dec. 21.— The Secre
tary, of the Treasury has issued a cir
cular letter of instructions tc officers
of the customs service and others in
terested In bringing into operation the
treaty of reciprocity with Cuba, ap
proved on December 21, 1902, and mads
effective by act of Congress and the
President's proclamation of December
17/ 1903. The circular declares that the
treaty becomes operative one minute
after midnight on December 27. »
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Departments Order Postal Changes in
California and Oregon. Trans
¦ . i ¦ .' fers In Army.
. WASHINGTON, Dec. 21.— Orders
have been issued as follows: Post
masters commissioned: California-
George Watterson, Bishop; Peter T.
Hamann, Blocksburg; Fred Ohrt,
Prize; Nancy J.Willburn, Caution.
Oregon— John F. O'Bryant, Haines.
Fourth class postmasters appointed:
California— Frank Storer, Elmhurst,
Alameda County, vice Newton Gay, re
signed; Fred H. Smith, Nestor, San
Diego County, vice Clarence C. Park,
resigned; R. H. Curry, The Geysers,
Sonoma County, 'vice Isaac Werthei
mer, removed.
Oregon— George H. Sitts, Keasey, Co
lumbia County, vice E. W. Keasey.'re
slpned.
Army orders— Captain Arthur M. Ed
wards, commissary, now at San Fran
cisco, to New York City; First Lieu
tenant John H. Allen, asslsrant sur
geon., now at San Francisco, to General
Hospital, Presidio of San Francisco,
relieving First Lieutenant Walter C.
Chidester, ordered to Fort Lawrence,
Washington, to relieve Contract Sur-.
geon W. E. Sabin, ordered to Philip
pines.
Joseph Keogh was arrested Saturday
afternoon for obstructing the sidewalk.
Keogh imbibed the steam beer bubbles
and slumber overcame him as he was
driving one of the McHenry express
wagons. He blocked the. Market-street
route, the McAllister-street route and
the Larkln-street route during sleep
ing moments and was finally arrested
at Howard street. He received an ex
cellent recommendation from his em
ployer and Judge Mogan let him go
with a reprimand.
California calendars and art souvenirs
for the million. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market st. •
President's Congressional Holiday.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 21.— President
Roosevelt began *to-day the obserVance
of the Congressional holiday' recess.
During the next two weeks the Presi
dent will receive only s"uch callers as
have to present him the most urgent
public business.
Fair Dealing by Cuba.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 21. — Mr.
Squiers, United States Minister to
Cuba, has arrived in Washington and
reports that the Cuban Government
practically had accepted all the sug
gestions the State Department had put
¦forth relative to the Isle of Pines —
namely, the establishment of schools,
provision for a modified form of Judi
cial proceeding and the opening of a
port for the convenience of American
settlers on the island. It practically
has been decided that these undertak
ings need not lead to the amendment
of the pending Isle of Pines treaty, but
can be given effect by reduction to the
form of diplomatic not^s to be ex
changed between the United States
and Cuba.
Refunding to Be Discontinued.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 21.— The Sec
retary of t"he Treasury gives notice
that the refunding of United States 3
per cent bonds, loan of 190S-1918, and
4 per cent bonds, funded loan of 1907,
now proceeding under the circular
of September 23, will be discontinued
after December 23. Bonds that are In
tended for refunding must be forward
ed so as to be received at the Treasury
Department not later than Decem
ber 31.
Thomas Snailham is in trouble again.
It seems that at every public dance
this "pseudo pugilist" must have some
kind of a mix-up. This time he is'ac
cused of resisting Officers Skelley and
Murphy, who tried to subdue him In a
fight he was having with " Edward
O'Neill. Snailham is an unfortunate
victim of the liquor habit who thinks
that everybody is his enemy when he
gets drunk. Judge Mogan thinks a
good long rest will do him good.
Jennie Close paid all . the damage
which she Inflicted on the windows of
Laura Trevor, the gas company's Nem
esis, and was released from custody by
Judge Mogan yesterday. The release
obviated many difficulties for Judge
Mogan, as Mrs. Trevor Is an insistent
and acute attorney in her own behalf.
Saturday night was a warm one for
the Japanese. The reports in the news
papers that their mother country had
taken a decided stand against Russian
aggression must have fired their mar
tial spirit. G. Okino and Tom Cowain
ato persisted in serenading their geisha
girls on Pine street, notwithstanding
the repeated warnings of the police that
they were disturbing the p^eace and
quietude of' the neighborhood. Finally
they had to be arrested to curtail their
cantatory offerings. About the same
hour G. Howado and Harty Emma, also
from the land of the chrysanthemum,
who, tanked to a standstill, went
on a tour of ringing doorbells
in the same neighborhood. When
the local policemen remonstrated
the Japs became abusive and were
gathered in by force of arms. All these
came before Judge Mogan yesterday
and were fined in sums varying from
$20 down to $5. In' addition there were
before Judge Fritz four other Japs who
held high wassail on Dupont street and
were gathered in by the police. Each
was assessed $10 or five days. In Judge
Conlan's court two belligerent Japs ap
peared who under the influence of
liquor engaged in a prize-fight. They
were still a little crusty under the whip
of justice and were sent to jail for
twenty-four hours each.
Judge Fritz had plenty of hoboes be
fore him yesterday. Nine of these he
committed to Jail for six months be
cause they looked as though they might
be potential footpads. The others he re
leased with the warning that they must
leave town within twenty-four hours.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 21.— The of
ficials of the Northern Pacific Railway
denied the statement attributed to
Frank Waterhouse. manager of the
Boston Steamship Company of Seattle,
in his recent testimony before the In»
terstate Commerce Commission that
his company had a contract with the
Northern Pacific which prohibited the
railway company from receiving
freight brought in by tramp steamers.
They assert that while the company
has no exclusive contract and no
agreement beyond a division of rates
on business from the Orient, it is the
general practice of the railway com
panies in the transaction of their busi
ness to make a concession, to* estab
lished and permanent linei with a
fixed and regular schedules of sailings
and arrivals, and with advertised
routes, with dockage facilities, etc.,
over transient tramp ships and steam
ers, mostly foreign, which have hap
pened to pick up a cargo and have no
regular business.
Company Not Prohibited From Carry
ing Freight Brought in By Tramp
Steamships.
NORTHERN' PACIFIC DENIES
THAT A RATE POOL EXISTS
"Lefty" Bannon, who is known at
the Registrar's office as William G.
Bannon, was before Judge Fritz yes
terday on a charge of malicious mis
chief. According to "Lefty's" story,
he was running for the car in ycom
pany with Richard Welsh, the chief
wharfinger, and accidentally bumped
into the complaining witness, throw
ing him into a showcase. The damage
was promptly settled, and on this show
ing Judge Fritz allowed him to go.
The two brides-to-be who were de
tained at the Oceanic dock yesterday
awaitlns the arrival of their prospective
husbands have probably forgiven them
the delay if caused by their having
stopped to purchase a gas range from S.
F. Gas and Electric Co.. 415 Post st. •
\ Pat O'Toole carried under his vest
a steel jimmy of the most approved
manufacture. A policeman found him
In front of a pawn shop on Mission
street and arrested him. Police inves
tigation developed the fact that he had
gone under the names George Reynolds
and George Raymond and had a crimi
nal record. His case was continued to
to-day tr/ allow further investigation by
the police. '¦ ¦
David Brown is a preacher. He
preached through the barrens of Can
ada, "where the wolverine tumble the
pack" Lately he has been merely a
waiter. In company with James Scott
he essayed to help Silas Long to his
lodging Saturday night. In the course
of the journey the duo abstracted $1
from the old man's pocket. , Yesterday
they, pleaded guilty in Judge Fritz's
court to petty larceny, to which the
original charge of robbery was reduced.
Both got six months In Sheriff Lack
mann's resort.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 21. — Charges
having been filed with the President
affecting the moral character of Be
nito Legardo, the Secretary of War to
day transmitted by mail to the Civil
Governor of the Philippine Islands a
copy of them for his information.
These charges were contained in a
cablegram to the President from per
sons In Manila.
In. commenting on the case to-day
Secretary Root expressed the belief
that, the cablegram was sent in order
that jt might be given to the press
and thereby work irreparable injury to
the Commissioner. That men's repu
tations should be thus publicly assail
ed before they had a chance to speak,
he strongly condemned.
Legardo is one of the most prominent
men in the Philippines and War De
partment officials say that on several
occasions he 'exhibited great bravery
on behalf of the United" States, when
overtures were being made to Aguin
aldo to. surrender, having gone per
sonally to him- at the great risk of his
life and sought him to give up his op
position to the American authority.
He is one of three natives appointed
by "Governor Taft on" the Philippine
Commission. /
LOS ANGELES.. Dec. 21.— With her
foretopsrallant mast carried away and
with every appearance of having ex
perienced disaster at sea, the large
four-masted bark La Bruyere, which
was practically given up as lost, has ar
rived at Port Los Ange!<?s with a cargo
of 1700 ions of iron from Newcastle-on-
Tyne, England, three months overdue.
The Bruyere sailed from the English
port on the 10th of last May, making
the voyage in 212 days, or a trifle over
seven months. One de&in is reported
to have occurred on the voyage and
two seamen are now laid up In the
ship's hospital.
The stories told by the, captain and
crew of the reasons for the delayed
voyage are rather mysterious and con
tradictory. The general tale given out
Is to the effect that the bark encoun
tered heavy storms and hurricanes
after being out about a hundred days,
and that the distressing weather con
tinued during the voyage. A strange
feature is that other vessels which left
England several weeks after the
Bruyere. bound for this coast, have ar
rived, discharged their cargoes and
are Ions on their homeward trip, and
none of them tell of having experi
enced any severe weather.
When the subject of mutiny was
broached Captain St. Martin had noth
ing to say, and his crew likewise re
fused lo discuss the subject.
It was Intimated at the Interior De
partment that no further arrests were
expected until about the date of the
hearing in the Benson case, which is
scheduled for the 30th inst., unless
something demanding immediate action
should be revealed" in the investigation
of "the land office records now In pro
gress in connection^ with the cases in
the West.
The sjtatus of Woodford D. Harlan. a
clerk in the land office and until about
a year ago chief of the special service
division, in view of his alleged receipt
of moneys Benson is accused of having
paid to influence action on pending
matters and in view of the fact that
he is still on the rolls, has caused con
siderable speculation. Leading officials
refuse to* say what information Is ex
pected to be obtained from Harlan.
The Interior Department to-day re
ceived a dispatch from Inspector Green
at Portland, Or., saying that Albert
Harrington of Falls City, Or., had been
held under $1000 bond for impersonat
ing assistants to Special Agents Pat
terson and Hobbs, who have been in
vestigating land frauds.
The great bulk of the land frauds
which have been brought to light are
under what is known as the lieu land
selection law. A large number of en
tries filed under that law are being
withheld from final action, and all in
which John A. Benson, the San Fran
cisco man recently arrested here, was
interested have been suspended. .
Secretary Hitchcock to-day sent for
Assistant Attorney Pugh, who has been
on the Pacific Coast investigating the
frauds, and conferred with him regard
ing the situation. Hitchcock said there
had been no developments In the work.
ARRESTS TO BE MADE SOOX.
HARRINGTON* UNDER BOND.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 21.— The Secre
tary of the Interior has revoked the or
der under which final action on the en
tries on the stone and timber act were
suspended, and all such entries, aggre
gating a large number, will now be
acted upon in the regular order by the
General Land Office. The order Involves
several hundred thousand acres of the
public domain in the West, all entries
on which have been held up because of
the big frauds perpetrated upon the
Government under the timber and
stone act. The suspension, which has
been in force many months, has served
a good purpose, and in the view of the
Interior Department has been the
means of protecting and preventing
many fraudulent entries. A rigid scru
tiny of all entries under the act will
be continued, but the revocation of the
suspension order will have the effect of
allowing all valid entries to be pat
ented.
This was the important development
to-day in the land fraud proceedings,
and indicates that the Government be
lieves that the backbone of the alleged
ring that has been speculating in and
taking unlawful means of acquiring
lands under this act has been broken.
HELENA, Mont.. Dec. 21.— The most
important witnoss the State has yet
introduced in ihe Gravelle case was put
on the stand this afternoon — Myron
Fhsr.ks, an express-man, at whose
house, in Helena. Gravelle made his
headquarters after he got out of the
rer.itcntiary. in July and during Au
gust, September and part of October.
Shanks testified that he had known
Gravelle for seven years. having
worked in the defendant's butcher shop
at Clancy at the time Gravelle was ar
rested and convicted of grand larceny.
He said Gravelle came to his* house
July 24 last, and Shanks testified that
a short time before August 23 Gravelle
told him he was the man who was do
ing the dynamiting on the Northern
Pacific, and that he expected to get
5C0.OO0 out of the railroad. The' witness
paid Gravelle to!d him he hari blown up
the bridpe at Livingston, and that he
intended to blow up that at Townsend
if the railroad did not pay up. Shanks
paid that early on the morning of Au
gust 24 Gravelle returned to his house
and told htm he had made a bull of
the Job: that he had gone to mee't the
engine with the money: that he had
fallen in a holo and his lantern, which
he was to signal with, had been broken:
that the wind was blowing and all his
matches went out. so he could not light
it apain. and he had seen the engine
with the money pull out again. The
witness said Gravelle had with him a
riflle. which he had borrowed. The
next time he set ont for the payment
of the money was September 2. and the
witness testified that Gravelle told him
that nitjht the railroad people were
'ate, and when he was about a mile
away, after waiting two hours, he saw
the engine pa<=s by. The witness s?M he
paw Gravelle writing in his barn a let
ter addressed to J. M. Hanford. and
also testified that he had mailed two
k-tters for Gravelle. one addressed to
Vice President Blabon of the Great
Northern. The witness also detailed a
stnry he said Gravelle told him about
his dynamiting of the streetcar track
in Butte. The defendant told him he
pot on the wrong track. The witness
said Gravelle told him on several occa
sions if he told on him he would settle
him. According to the witness Gra
velle asked him if he would take $23.
000 or ?30.000 East, after the railroad
had paid, and get it chanced into other
bills.
Elliott was an earnest champion of
this measure and appeared before the
Committee on Ways and Means during
the last Congress in advocacy of its
passage, and he has again urged it be
fore the Committee on Territory.
In the event that effectual regulations
for preserving the Alaska seal lierd
could not be agreed on. the Secretary
of the Treasury was authorized to kill
every fur seal of the Priblioff Islands
except 10,000 females and 1000 males.
This measure empowered the Presi
dent of the United States to conclude
negotiations with the Government of
Great Britain for a review of conditions
of affairs relating to the protection of
fur bearing animals in the Bering Sea
country, to determine what further reg
ulations shall be ordered if any can be
devised, to restore the industry, and,
pending the investigation and review,
authorized the President to conclude a
modus Vivendi with Great Britain
whereby the killing of any or all fur
bearing animals on the land or sea by
subjects of the respective governments
should be entirely prohibited, except the
few hundred young male seals needed
by. the natives of the islands at St. Paul
and St. George for food.
WASHINGTON. Dec. :i.— Henry W.
Elliott of Cleveland, who for many
years has been interested in the 'fur
seals of Alaska, recently has teen called
to Washington by members of the Sen
ate Committee on Territories. Four
members of this committee — Senators
lMllingham, Burnham. Nelson and Pat
terson — visited Alaska last summer and
investigated the seal islands and fur in
dustry. The report which the commit
tee will submit soon after the assem
bling "of Congress will devote much at
tention to this feature of Alaska. It is
expected that the committee will recom
mend the passage of the Tawney bill,
which passed the House last session,
but failed in the Senate on account of
the statehood bill.
Vessel Meets Storms Which
Others on the Same Course
as She Did Not Encounter
Warrants Will Not Be Served
TJntil About the Time of the
* Hearing of John A. Benson
Henry W. Elliott of Cleveland
Is Called to Washington to
Give Information on Subject
Details of Plans to Blow Up
Mines Are Given by Man
With Whom Accused Lived
Believes Enemies of Official Are
Maliciously Endeavoring to
Besmirch His Reputation
MORE ARRESTS TO BE MADE
Ah Maru, a Chinese, who claims he
works in a powder works at Berkeley,
was captured by George McMahon at
an early hour yesterday . morning
equipped with a large and formidable
gun. Before Judge Mogan . yesterday
he explained that he carried the gun
for self-protection. It was doubtful to
the court whether the weapon was in
tended to offset any possible explosion
in the powder works or carried for
highbinder purposes, therefore the
chink was given forty days in the
County Jail.
MYSTERY OF THE VOYAGE
DEFENDANT'S CASE IS BAD
SECRETARY ROOT ANGERED
WILL REVIVE OLD BILL
Mrs. Came Brown, who lives on
Eddy street, between Larkin and Hyde,
was the proud possessor of a diairond
ring Saturday night which she valued
at $140. In the wee hours of Sunday
morning she discovered that the bauble
had disappeared. ' Following up her
tangled train of thought from the night
before she concluded that Edward
Gallberth, an actor without an act, had
abstracted it from her finger. Accord
ingly she had a warrant issued for his
arrest. The case was heard before
Judge Cabaniss yesterday. The com
plaining witness frankly told of a Sat
urday night spent among the wine
cups. Gallberth played the' piano
while she and two woman companions
indulged in wassail in a Market-street
resort.
Then they adjourned to a hotel
across the way in search of a friend.
The friend was "sporting the oak." but
Colonel Currier, an employe of the
Mint and generally a good fellow, who
roomed across the hall, -was more hos
pitable. H'j gave the merry party ac
cess to his room and tumbled into bed.
While they chatted the complaining
witness testified that Gailberth slipped
her ring from her finger. At the time,
she said, she thought it was done for
her own protection, but later she con
cluded that the act was committed for
the sole benefit and profit of Gailberth.
When she reached her lodgings she
summoned the assistance of Policeman
Hutchings and they repaired to the
room of GaSlberth, who denied that he
had possessed himself of the ring.
"What was the value of the ring?"
queried Judge Cabaniss in his usual
dulcet tones. "Well, I paid 5170 for.it
originally. I put it In pawn once and
the pawnbroker readily gave me $60
on it." "When your uncle gives you
$60 on a ring." supplemented the Judge,
"it is certainly worth $100." "Your
Honor knov/s something about the
business yourself," remarked Mrs.
Brown. The courtroom tittered and
even the Judge broke into a laugh. '"I
have not been up against them yet, but
if Christmas came twice a year I sup
pose my shirt studs would pass into
their custody temporarily."
Mrs. Brown's story of the larceny
'was denied by the defendant and was
uncorroborated by any other testimony,
so the case was dismissed.
some Jimmle" admits his fault and will
appear in court Monday to prosecute.
Senate Committee Discusses
Ways and Means to Perpet
uate Fur Bearing Herds
Persons in Manila Attack the
Moral Character of Philip
pine Commissioner Legardo
Most Important Witness for
State in Great Northern Dyna
miting Case Tells His Story
La Brnyere, With Foretopgal
lant Mast Gone, Arrives
at Port Los Angeles
Secretary Hitchcock Revokes
Order Holding. Tip Entries
Under Stone and /Timber Act
Mrs. Carrie Brown Tells a Tale of Misfortune to
Judge Cabaniss— Judge Mogan Arbitrates on
Japanese Spirit of Warfare— Bannon's Luck
FORLORN SHIP
REACHES PORT
SAYS GRAVELLE
TOLD HIM ALL
FILE CHARGES
BY CABLEGRAM
REOPENS LAND
TO SETTLERS
ONE NIGHT OF REVELRY
COSTS A VALUABLE RING
WILL PROTECT
FUR INDUSTRY
THE SAX FRANCISCO. CALL, TUESDAY. • DECEMBER 22, 1903.
HONOLULU, Dec. 21.— Major Gen
eral MacArthur, who has been study
ing the defenses of the Hawaiian Isl
ands, sailed to-niRht for the United
States on the Pacific Mail steamship
Siberia.. which is" due to arrive at San
Francisco on December 2% v '
General MaeArthur Returning.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 21.— Speaker
Cannon to-day received a letter from
Representative George B. McClellan,
In which he stated that he had for
warded his resignation as a member of
the" House to Governor Odell. The
resignation becomes effective upon its
receipt by the Governor.
7
REGAL SHOES.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
an(^ so^ at $3-50 per pqjr, arid the queition l| j-j \i
quickly arose — "Why should not the same De true II H §j§j
or Women s ohoes ?. , ; r " v'^* - ;V'. f| j! H
So the same Regal system of " tannery to wearer '[has been appKed to the ffl || |1
_ Women's Shoe problem, ahd the result is that you can now get the siyle and per- E Pj Hi
B _ f ect fit of expensive cuilom-made shoes combined with Regal durability for $3.50. f) h M
H 8 "¦- fl : Style is the most marked feature. The leading boot-makers of Paris, London, jjj || fj
H H Vienna, and New York make the models for our shoes. Within 45 days exact pj y f I
H H duplicates are on sale in our New Y or^ &ores in all sizes and widths. Other pi fj JJ
H H manufactured shoes are ordered from samples submitted at least six months in SI | J m
H IB advance of the time when they go on sale. J f \\ l\
m mi Their manufacturers are necessarily working twelve months behind the t ii H
P If up-to-the-minute styles produced by custom boot-makers, because of their oJd» L Lj ?
H' B fashioned, slov/ methods cf selling their products. ! j i
II li Why have you paid $6 to $12^br shoes? Simply because you have not | sj
|| Eg been able to get an exclusive style for less. Now, we say to you positively that || ti | I
H Bj you can get more style, comfort, and wear in Regal Shoes at $3.50 than in || 0 ) j
§1 II any $6 shoe you can buy— they will equal the $12^ sort And we ask only H -B fj
|| II that you come and make your own comparisons. f E| J £|
ra H e "Women's stores are distinct from the Men's. M | §|
f| p| The location of the San Francisco Regal Store for Women adjoins our Q 1 H
ij « Men's store, at the corner "of Geary and Stockton Streets, but the Ladies' |j 1 t\
M H store is entirely, separate, with a distinct corps of salesmen, particularly pi 4j £|
m p trained to properly fitting the Regal line. Kj 1 j J
I | §AN FRANCISCO STORE : COR. GEARY AND STOCKTO& STS. M § W
"^5>ix will Find
g O urs is a store for men. We I
(j g~H . are specialists in furnishings, and ''¦
j§ 'BF you will always find us with com- 1
Ii*V^«^ W-i-rr* plete lines of "everything. It's a §
liVA JL&JL1.1J1 logical place for you to come I
\ when searching for suitable tokens for father, brother, hus- |
I band or friend. We always increase our stock to meet the
jj Christmas demand, and this year we are ready as usual
I with the best of everything 1 . Following are a" few sugges-
B tions which may help you to decide :
P S1.00 to $2.25 a pair. $1.00 to $5.00.
I HANDKERCHIEFS— FAXCY VESTS—
K 25c to $1.00 each. $1.50 to $4.00.
Jj UMBRELLAS— HOSIERY—
j? $1.00 to $12.00 each. " 12$$c to $1.00 a pair.
) NECKWEAR— SWEATERS—
B 25c to $2.00. $1.50 to $4.00.
I SUSPENDERS— MUFFLERS-:- I
a 25c to $5.00. $1.00 to $3.50. Sf
J BATH ROBES— HATS— 1
fi $5.00 to $15.00. $1.95, $2.50, $3.00, $4.00. i
| " SMOKING JACKETS— Merchandise Orders— 1
H $5.00 to $18.00 eacb v Any Amount — Any Department. I
j] W281G30 MARKET STR£EV SAN FRANCISCO. \LUMPY JAW— A New Subscriber.
Mayfleld, Cal. Actinomycosls, also
called "lumpy jaw" and "hoid fast." is
a parasitical, infectious, inoculable dis
ease observed in cattle and also in man.
characterized by the manifestations of
chronic inliammation, with or without
suppuration, often resulting in the
formation oJ granulation tumors. The
disease is due to the presence of a
characteristic micro-parasite, the ray
fungus, actlnomyces bovis, which is
composed of fine mycellal threads and
club-shaped bodies. The most frequent
and most curable form is when the ab
scesses form about the Jaws or teeth.
The only treatment of the disease la
removal o? the Infected tissue. When
the parasite has found a nidus in the
lungs or digestive tract all treatment is
useless. * \ '-?'¦.'
Outfits for oil painting, water color,
drawing, and taking photographs are de
sirable for ChH«tmas. Sanborn, Vaii &
Co. •
« ? ¦
- Townsend's California clace fruits and'
candies, 50e a pound. In artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st.. above Call bldg. *
. Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tb* •
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cau>
fornia street. Telephone Main 10-13. *
Of a recent order of the French
Chamber of Deputies a European dip
lomat speaks as follows:
"Ever since the first. Napoleon re-es
tablished the Roman Catholic church
in France — 100 years ago — and relegat
ed to oblivion the Goddess of Reason,
set up by the Terrorists; the crucifix
has always figured In every court of
justice in France, on the wall, just be
hind the seat of. the presiding Judge,
adding a certain solemnity to' the
scene. The French Chamber of Depu
ties has, however, now passed a vote
by a considerable majority, providing
for the disappearance of the crucifixes
and of the paintings of Christ on the
cross from all the courtrooms and tri
bunals throughout France. This is to
be regretted, for In . courts where so
many judicial errors are perpetrated as
those of France, it cannot but have a
salutary effect to keep Judges, the
lawyers and the public in mind of. the >
great judicial error In the of
the world, namely, . the condemnation
by the Roman. Judge Pontius Pilate of
.a. man whom he admitted to be lnno-
Radical Deputies.
» Just at present there is no better-missionary field for
cool-headed labor leaders, who'feel the impulse of Amer
ican citizenship first of all obligations, than Chicago. The
lawful authorities seem to have retreated or'" surren
dered, and left the field open to "such missionaries. If
the dead may not be buried, and the right to use for that
purpose private vehicles is withdrawn arbitrarily, as it
is now in 'Chicago by making such use too dangerous r to
be attempted, and if there be a force strong enough to
IT would seem as if industrial war has reached its
acute stage in Chicago, where the removal of the
bodies of the dead from the homes of bereaved peo
ple is forbidden and their burial prevented by the strik
ers. The Board of Health has suspended its interment
regulations and forbidden the publication of deaths, be
cause the house of the dead is at once surrounded by
pickets, who deny the right of ingress and egress. When
armies are in battle they^make truce to bury the dead,
but in this great city of the United States there is no
truce, and the dead must life where the breath left them.
Such incidents cause grave doubts of the "supremacy
of the law and of its capacity to protect individual rights.
A new issue entirely is raised, that has no right relation
to labor questions. It is entirely, an issue between law
and lawlessness, between the enjoyment of the' most
primitive and necessary of personal rights and their ar
bitrary denial.
THE CHICAGO STRIKE.
The glad tidings of an impending revolution in Hon
duras have come to us from the volcanic civilizations of
the south. What a splendid opportunity now. presents
itself for unloosing the colony of crooks which we in
dicted upon the little republic. • Force the rascals to
fight and we may get some of them back for merited
punishment.
PATCHES— Subscriber. San Jose,
Cal. The custom of ladles wearing
black patches of gummed taffeta on the
face with the idea of heightnln£ the
brilliancy of their complexion dates
back in England to 1653. In "Artificial
Changeling," published at that time, a
writer contributes the following: "Our
ladies have lately entertained a vain
custom of spotting their faces, out of
an affectation of a mole, to set off their
beauty, such ar Venus had: and It Is
well, If one black patch will serve to
make their faces remarkable, for some
fill their visages full of them, varied
into all manners of shapes." The fash
ion of wearing patches on the face was
common with Roman dames \n the lat
ter days of the empire. ' i.i\'
"My rank, as your Majesty knows,
is that of Eeneral," protested the no
bleman. >
"Then I make him a general, too, and
thus the beating you are to get will
come from a man of your own rank."
The noble now took his punishment
philosophically. As for the young sol
dier, he was next day commissioned a
general and made a Count. From him
the present family of the Tolstois is
said to be descended. — Boston Post.
The Russian family of the Tolstois,
to which the great novelist belopgs,
owes its rise, according to one of the
pilgrims to Isnaya Polyana, to a cu
rious episode. The founder of this fam
ily was. in Peter the Great's time, a
simple doorkeeper before the apart
ments of the Emperor. One day, as
he was standing at his post, a noble
man approached and asked to be ad
mitted. The doorkeeper, however, re
fused to let him in, declaring that the
Emperor had given him positive orders
that no one that afternoon was to be
admitted to his presence.
"But," said the noble, "I am the
Prince" —
"Still. I cannot admit you, sir," said
the doorkeeper. fv;: J.
Exasperated, the noble struck the
doorkeeper across the face with his
riding whip.
"Strike away, your Highness," said
the other, "but nevertheless* I cannot
let you in."
The tumult had been overheard by
the Emperor. He now opened the dooT
and asked what the trouble was. The
noble told him. He listened in silence,
and then he said:
"You, Tolstoi, was struck by this gen
tleman for obeying my orders. Here,
take my stick and strike him back."
"But, your Majesty, this man is a
common soldier." *
''Then 1 make him *<! captain," said
the Emperor.
"But I am ar. officer of your Maj
esty's household."
"I make him a colonel of my Life
Guards."
A Good Yarn.
A well known up country storekeeper
was in this city a few days purchas
ing holiday goods. While chatting in
one of the wholesale houses he told the
following story of an old attorney in
his town, who did a thriving business
as a collector of bad debts.
"About a year ago," said the mer
chant, "I told this lawyer that if he
could collect from a resident .of my
town a bill of $20 he had owed me for
several years he could have half of it.
He accepted the commission. I did not
hear from him for months, and one
day, a few weeks ago, I met the man
who owed me the money and told him
I had engaged the lawyer to collect it
from him. 'I know you have,' he re
torted, much to my surprise, 'and I
have paid him.'
"The next day I sent for the attor
ney-collector and asked him why if
Blank had paid him he had not turned
the cash over to me.
"The answer I got nearly staggered
me. 'Why,' he said, 'I was only able
to get my half out of him.* "
Collected His Fee.
In the year 1776 the first move against the trade in
human chattels was made. The place was the English
House of Commons and the men who sounded the cry
of warning were Fox, Burke and Pitt. But in England
the moral sense could not yet override vested interests;
it remained for the King of Denmark to .be the first
successful champion of the cause of humanity and in
1792 to prohibit his subjects from all dealing in the bodies
of black men. Then the British Parliament overcame
the resistance of the slave owners and in 1807 it passed
the famous act for the abolition of the slave trade.
From that date England assumed the leadership in the
opposition to the noxious traffic and never ceased until
the last of her possessions in Africa were cleared of it a
few years ago.
The story of. the bitter struggle over slavery in our.
own country is writ too large in our, history to make a
reference to it necessary. Comparatively few, however,
know that there is hardly a file of the year's correspond
ence in our Department of State from 1815 down to the
passage of the thirteenth amendment which does not con
tain 'some diplomatic negotiation with Great Britain on
the subject of the slave trade.
Upon the close of the civil war our Government united
heartily with Great Britain in the patrol of the African
coast and the slave evil began to be hunted down in its
lairs. By the partition of Africa among the * Europeaa
powers at the' Berlin conference of 1885 the slave states
of the dark continent were opened to purging. The
Brussels Congress in 1903 declared fora complete scour
ing of the whole east coast and Central Soudan, Congo
Free State, German East Africa, the French provinces
below the Sahara. Piece by piece the man hunting
dhows were forced to relinquish their territory until the
fall of 'the potentate of. Wadai marks the disappearance
of slavery from the theater of civilization!
THERE appeared in the press recently an insignifi
cant paragraph to the effect that Wadai, the last of
the independent states of Central Soudan, had
finally passed into the power of France under a pro
tectorate. This bit of news has a humanitarian interest
far greater than the trivial import that it may carry to
the diplomats, for the fall of Wadai marks the eradica
tion of the last vestiges of fhe slave trade from the con
tinent of Africa. In the year 1442 Prince Henry the
Navigator, King" of Portugal, became the first African
slave trader. In the year 1903 the submission of some
nameless dhow of the Soudan marks the passing of the
last one.
WOUNDED KNEE— Ex-Volunteer,
City. At the battle of Wounded Knee.
Nebr., Decamber 28-29, 1890, when the
United States military authorities at
tempted to put down the Indian ghost
dancers, trDops of the Seventh United
States Cavalry took part. Captain
George D. Wallace, Lieutenant J. D.
Mann and twenty-eight of the trooper*
were killed and thirty were wounded.
Two hundred Indians were killed.
THE FALL OF WADAI.
THE OREGON— Subscriber. City.
The steamer Oregon, which brought tha
news to San Francisco of the admis
sion of California into the Union,
crossed. the Golden Gate, Inward bound.
October 18, 1850. The celebration of
admission day was held October 29, the
oration being by Nathaniel Bennett of
the Supreme Court and the poem by
Mrs. Willis.
IMMIGRATION— S.. Llvermore. Cal.
The immigration to the United States
during June, 1903. was 93.821; during
May of that year the number was 137.
614. and in July following 67,533. The
figures for each month are from tha
first to the last of the month.
'Answers to Queries.
From t & prominent society leader
complaint was lodged at police head
quarters that a number of valuable
jeweled rings had been stolen. Investi
gation by detectives centered the theft
upon a young woman who was a close
friend of the loser of the gems. The
missing jewels were traced to a pawn
shop, where, it was proved, the sus
pected girl had pledged them. Thence
the fact was uncovered that the thief
had bought other jewelry with the
money received from the sale of the
rings and had sent the purchase to the
friend from whom she had stolen.
Still farther the police went and to
their astonishment uncovered the fact
that Miss Blank, the thief, was a con
firmed chloroform "fiend." Physicians
studied the case. Opinion was unani
mous that the degenerating effect of
the drug was responsible for the girl's
action. Doctors and police accepted
the facts as conclusive that a real
mania existed. Of course the disclos
ures barred prosecution.
Kleptomania as an excuse for theft
is accepted at most police headquarters
with much reservation. But once in a
while police detectives run across
cases that give such strong evidence of
abnormal mental processes that they
are set down as remarkable psycholog
ical phenomena. In point is the follow
ing:
Qticcr Kleptomaniac.
Noticing that the gray winter unN
forms of German troops and the blue
clothing of Chinese spectators could not
be distinguished from each other at
long distances, a German officer in
China experimented on the visibility of
uniforms. A column was divided into
five sections, each with its special
clothing, and was placed in close for
mation behind bushes without foliage.
At about 1400 yards the section in gray
and that in overcoats appeared like
uniform dark posts, while the section La
khaki and that in canvas were hardly
visible. At 500 yards the gray began to
look lighter than the dark blue. The
gray overcoats, like long dark stripes,
made very good marks, but both khaki
and canvas were difficult marks at all
distances.
Invisible Uniforms.
From a recent consular report It de
velops that the ice business in Jerusa
lem is growing. The first plant was
established at Yafa, the seaport of Je
rusalem. In 1830. but it had a rather
precarious existence until 1S99, when
there was a boom In the business, and
the plant began doing a paying busi
ness. It took nine years to acquaint
the natives with the delights of Ice, and
now it is used in all the hotels and by
the foreign residents as well as the
wealthy natives! In 1899 another plant
began operations and has since been,
successfully running in Jerusalem. The
price is 5 cents per kilogram (nearly
21-5 pounds). When the works were
first established the price was 10 cents
per kilogram. The water in Yafa
comes from wells and, owing to their
proximity to the sea, is brackish. The
Ice is never clear, and when melted
leaves considerable sediment. The wa
ter used in Jerusalem is rain water,
from cisterns, and the ice is like crys
tal. No natural ice is taken to that
country.
Ice in Jerusalem.
In the southern counties the situation appears to be
more serious'. A report from Los Angeles says: "There
have been rains in the counties both north and south of
Los Angeles, but in the belt which includes Los Angeles,
Orange, San Bernardino and Riverside the season has
been as dry as it was during the years of dought. Prac
tically no rain has fallen here since the first week in Oc
tober. There have been a few slight sprinkles, but noth
ing which wet the ground so as to make the ranchers
cease irrigating. As yet the conditions cannot be said to
be very serious except to owners of stock, but rain is
badly needed."
The tenor of the reports throughout the State is to
the effect that while more rain has been desired, the situ
ation is by no means alarming, even to those who are
most prone to look on the dark side of things and to
suffer from fears of evils that have not yet befallen them.
The season, moreover, is not yet far- advanced, and there
will 1 be time enough for abundant rains later on., In
most of our counties the spring rains count for much
more than those of the fall and early winter, so that
there is nothing" in the present shortage in some locali
ties to disturb anybody. We may confidently indeed
look forward to a year of average prosperity, and that
means a prosperity which in any other State would be
regarded as a record-breaker for abundance!
REPORTS from all parts of the State on the rain
fall of the season show that while it has not been
equal thus far to the desires of the farmers, it
has nevertheless been ample in most localities for the
needs of the time. San Francisco, with a total rainfall
this season of 6.02, as compared with 5.13 a't the cor
responding date last year, and Santa Rosa with 15.07 to
u»53 l ast yea r » are the only points that show a heavier
rainfall this year than last. Everywhere else there has
been a shortage, but in very few places is the shortage
sufficient to occasion uneasiness.
Most of the reports are, of a satisfactory nature and
show a sanguine and hopeful spirit among the farmers.
Thus from Stockton, comes the statement that the
weather this season "has come just right for San Joaquin
County." The report goes on to say that, the rainfall
thus far has been a good average, that the ground is well
moistened, the country looks green with growing grass,
there is an abundance of food for stock, and in the or
chard and vineyard districts the work of the season is
well under way.
Sonoma has had ample rain, and reports from there
are glowing. One of them says grass is making a splen
did growth and is almost large enough to nurture stock.
Early sewn grain is doing splendidly, farmers are cal
culating on exceptionally fine grain crops from the fact
that their fields never looked more promising at this sea
son of the year. Santa Clara has had a short rainfall as
compared with last year, but there has been enough, it
seems, to keep the ground in good condition for the
fall plowing. Salinas Valley needs more rain, but a
hopeful feeling prevails and some of the weather-wise
farmers are reminding one another that the seasons in
which the rains came late have been as a rule the most
beneficial.
THE SEASON'S RAINFALL.
The great extent of this glacial move- j
ment in former times was shown by 1
the distance » which some of these
bowlders had been carried. Many
large masses of rock from Mont Blanc
were found more than a hundred miles j
away on the flanks of the Jura Moun- j
tains, which border the opposite side |
of the main valley of Switzerland.
Bowlders from the same region were
carried as far east as Zurich, and as
far west as Lyons in France, and are
sprinkled freely over the east coast of
England, nearly as far inland as Lon
don.
In North America the transportation
of boivlders by glacial ice has been
-ven mow remarkable. The backbone
of Cape Ood and Long Xsland, a line
of hills from one hundred to two hun
dred feet high, and two or three miles
broad, is simply a pile of bowlders and
email fragments transported from New
England and Canada. Plymouth Rock
Is a glacial bowlder which journeyed
from its' northern home thousands of
years before the Pilgrims set cut from
Holland. Bowlders from the Adiron
dack Mountains arc- found upon the
summits of the Alleghenles in North
eastern Pennsylvania. In Southern
Ohio there are long belts of Canadian
bowlders which can be traced to ledges
of rock north of Lake Huron. Even in
Boqne County. Kentucky, a fow miles
south of Cincinnati, a number of red
Jasper conglomerate bowlders, some of
them two or three feet in diameter,
have been found, which came from
w^ll-known ledges in Canada north of
Lake Huron. Bowlders'of large size
That ice in great masses could flow
like cold tar or molasses or any other
semi-fluid seemed, until a short time
ago. impossible, and did not enter into
the thought of mankind. Bjt about
f cventy years ago it was demonstrated
in Switzerland that the ice was actually
moving down the valleys, proceeding
not like an avalanche, but creeping
with a true flow and carrying on its
back and frozen into its mass frag
ments of rock of varying sizes, some of
them being as large as a small house.
Under the lee of one of th^se rock
masses on top of the Aar glacier Agas-
Fiz built him a hut and conducted many
of his most important observations.
In thinking of the glacial period it
should be kept clearly in n-md that
glacial ice is simply compressed snow.
Glaciers are formed wherever there is
a snowfall which exceeds the melting
power of the warm season. Every one
is familiar with the fact that a snow
ball may be made as hard as ice by
sufficient pressure in the hand?. Where
snow accumulates its own wright pro
duces the necessary pressure and trans
forms the lower strata into ice.
But during the glacial period proper
the ice to a depth of more than a mile
covered 4,000,000 square miles of
North America and 2,000,000 square
miles in Europe. In North America
the southern border of this ice field
extended into the ocean off the New
England const, rising like a. great ice
wall out of the water, and westward
to a line running throuph Long Island,
across New Jersey and Pennsylvania
to Salamanca, N. Y., where it turned
pouthwestward, and. with many minor
variations, reached the Ohio River
fifty or sixty miles above Cincinnati,
crossed Kentucky and Southern In
diana, reaching its farthest extent at
Carbondale, 111.; thence, bending
northwest, it crossed the Mississippi
River at St. Louis, and followed the
Missouri and Kansas rivers to Topeka,
where it swunfr northward across the
eastern parts of Kansas and Nebraska,
and through Central Dakota to near
the Canada line; thence proceeding
(with a long loop where it crossed the
Rocky Mountains and the Sierras) to
Puget Sound and the Pacific Ocean.
If one had approached this line dur
ing the glacial period anywhere from
the south he would have immediately
etruck the conditions of Greenland
and found them continuous for thou
sands of miles. Alaska still retains
the stumps of this great glacier, sev
eral hundred square miles being cover
ed by the Muir glacier alone, and a
still larger area by the Malaspina
glacier, which comes down from
Mount St EHas. In Europe the ice
fields radiated from the Scandinavian
penisula. extending across the North
Soa to Southern England, and ucros3
the Baltic to Central Germany and
Southeastern Russia.
rtv o rnnoriKicK wright. a. m.. 14* n.
[Author oj -The Ice Age in North America."
"Man end th<> Glacial Period," Etc.]
<Oi vrisht, 1W-3. ».v JusKI'h B. Howler.)
The story of the glacial period has
not yet been half told. Its wonders
are increasing every day. It is the
last of the great geological epochs, and
has not yet passed away. Greenland
is still shivering under the rigors of
glHcial conditions. With the excep
tion of a narrow belt of mountains
around th<* southern end, the whole
continent, some 500.000 square miles
in extent, is still buried beneath ice
from on? mile to two mile3 deep, while
the Antarctic continent, with a still
greater area, is so completely en
veloped in ice that explorers have yet
b«»en able to penetrate only the merest
fringe at two or three points.
In the Ice Age.
cent of wrongdoing, to death upon the
cross, the victim of his error being the
founder of, Christianity. Fortunately,
the vote of the French Chamber of
Deputies has still to be ratified by the
Senate, which, it is hoped, will with
hold the necessary approval which is
needed in order to convert It into a
law of the land."
The interesting fact has developed in connection with
the New York inquiry into the affairs of the ship-build
ing trust that the dishonest manipulators of the concern
set aside two hundred thousand dollars with which to
bribe and subsidize the French press. This appears to
be one of the very few dishonorable plans of the
schemers which did not materialize.
The California raisin retains its glucose within the
skin, where it performs its proper function in giving
character and relish to the fruit, and our raisin is the
favorite in the trade, because it is a long keeper. When
consumers discover, as they soon will,- that the'Cali
myrna fig reaches them fresh, with all its excellence upon
it, it will take the market. Our climate is entirely adapted
to the fig. The different varieties , grow all over the
State. So abundant is the crop that the purple fig is a
common food used for fattening hogs, and there is no
fresh pork finer or more wholesome than the .fig pork
of California.
The next conquest of our horticulture will be the do
mestication on the deserts of Southern California of the
highest quality of dates, the Deglet noor. This has al
ready been accomplished in a limited area in Arizona,
where the conditions are less favorable than here.
The next generation of Californians will see the mar
ket of this country supplied with California dates, of the
highest quality, and this State will then have command
of the most valuable special productions in fruit known
to the world, in table grapes,- figs, oranges, olives and
dates. What more can be desired?
Let it be remembered, too, that no other part of the
world, of similar area, produces all of these. Their pro
duction here embosses upon California the highest hor
ticultural capacity that has ever been found anywhere.
This fact cannot be too often, emphasized nor too widely
published. At St. Louis next year it will be impressed by
the presence of the actual products.
tion.
Mr. Roeding says that the white Adriatic fig may be
budded or grafted over into the Smyrna, and this being
so our progress may be more rapid than if it wait for the
propagation of new trees. The price we pay annually' for
imported figs is nearly two millions of dollars, and is in
creasing. All of this will finally come to California. Our
Calimyrna fig has the advantage of reaching the con
sumer fresh, without being filled with worms,* as is th<
'case witti'tlie imported 'fruit) which passes through many
hands, and by reason of primitive methods in drying has
its -merits as a delicious food offset by infection. It is;
destined to meet the same preference into which oun
raisins have grown. The Spanish raisin exudes its glu
cose, which crystallizes on the skin. But not being suffi
ciently saccharine to be antiseptic, this glucose molds
and destroys the raisin, making it a short keeper and bad
stock to carry.
WE desire to impress our readers with the im
portance of the statement made by Mr. Roed
ing yesterday in regard to the production of
the true Smyrna fig in .California. When Smyrna figs
were first planted in California the trees were obtained
with great difficulty, because of the indisposition of the
Greeks to permit them to be taken abroad. Some plan
tations were made by sprouting the seed of the dried
figs. When the trees grew and set their fruit it withered
and dropped without rea'ching maturity. An inquiry into
the cause of this was made by Mr. Maslin of the State
B.oard of Trade, and the discovery was made that alone
of all the fig family the Smyrna requires fertilization, and
that service is performed by a minute insect of the
wasp family, called the blastophaga.
Efforts were made then to domesticate this insect in
California, but they failed, and the effort was abandoned
until the State Board of Trade brought it to the atten
tion of Secretary of Agriculture Wilson. That gentle
man, with his usual energy, procured a scientific exami
nation of the matter, which dis'closed the fact that the
blastophaga breeds in the fruit of the wild fig, or capri,
and emerging from it, smeared with its pollen, enters the
immature Smyrna fig, fertilizes it, and breeding there
migrates again to the capri fig. Then the capri trees
were imported with the fruit on them inhabited by the
insect. Mr. Roeding took charge of them in his nursery
at Fresno, where he had an orchard of Smyrna figs. The
capri fruit passed through the winter months, and
about eight hundred figs survived up to the time of emer
gence of the insect, The Smyrna figs were then ready
and were entered and fertilized, and in due time the in
sect migrated back to the capri figs, which had then set
another crop. The problem was solved. Since then the
capri figs have flourished and the insect has increased
and seems to be entirely at home.
That first crop produced six tons of dried figs, in
1900. In 1901 the crop was twenty-five tons. In 1902 it
was thirty-eight tons, and this season it was sixty-five
tons. The fig, to distinguish it from the imported crop,
has been named the Calimyrna. As we have the Smyrna
trees now in abundance for propagation by cutting, and
the capri trees capable of multiplication by the same
process, another certainty appears in the horticultural
history of California. We are now capable of controlling
the orange, prune and raisin market of this country, and
in a few years we will control the fig market also. It
reads like a romance, 'and it is the romance of produc-
on. •
The stranger with the harp slipped
timidly over to a dark corner and
there unslung his burden. Placing the
tarnished gold base of the instrument
between his feet, the aged musician
bent caressingly over the strings with
his cheek laid in tenderness against
the dark sounding board. Then hi3
knotted fingers began to slip over the
chords.
At first there was the faintest ripple
of harmony and /then stronger and
more surely the melody swelled into
some wild, uncanny Hungarian rhap
sodie; the wailing of the restless spirts
of the steppes, heart cries, sighs,
breaths of anguish. Then the thrum
ming almost ceased and drop by drop
there sounded sweet, liquid rain notes
— the smiling of a summer shower in
Po Valley. Then a song,, far oft some
where, sounding echo-like, as of a
spirit voice.
The half raised wine mug was stay
ed midway there in that dingy wine
shop. Men sat with mouth agape,
forgetting to breathe. The anarchist
with the shock of whiskers was bowed
over on the table in front of him,
moving not. The barkeeper stood with
arms rested on the bar, his hands cov
ering tightly both of his eyes. And
over there in that shadowy corner
beneath the smoking lamp was the
old musician, head bent in reverence,
eyes closed, nursing the sounding
board with his withered cheek.
Still on and on sounded the whirr
ing and the organ pealing of that
1 golden harp; plaintively beseeching
at times, again ringing out with war's
alarm, then dropping to the croon of
a lullaby. At last, with a shuddering
sigh of anguish the music halted and
1 ceased. The bent old man arose with
out a word, shouldered the great gold
en harp and slipped out into the
night.
"Ah, he was a maestro once," whis
pered the barkeeper.
It was in a little wine shop, up
der the shadow of Telegraph Hill. The
noisy crowd of fishermen were sitting
about the tables with their pint pots
of wine before them, laughing, chat
tering, pounding their tin cups on the
stained boards. One big bearded fel
low in the corner was engaged in a
highly heated argument with his fel
low over the relative merits of so
cialism and democracy when he was
interrupted by the entrance of a little,
bent old graybeard, bearing a heavy
golden harp on his shoulders. One
casual glance in his direction and the
laughter, the vociferations of the
bearded man and the drinking went
The Maestro.
Although these transported bowlders
are such striking witnesses to the slow
but majestic movement of glacial ice
during the glacial period, they are by
r.o means the only ones. As the ice
slowly crept over the surface fragments
of rock became frozen into its lower
strata, and bowlders, gravel, sand and
clay were dragged along beneath it,
furrowing and scratching and polishing
the surface of the rock to an aston
ishing degree. Almost anywhere over
this glaciated area the removal of the
soil will reveal scratched and polished
rocks underneath. The direction of the
scratches and the 'grooves shows the
direction in which the ice was moving
at the time they were made. This was,
in the main, outward, toward the mar
gin of the glaciated area which we
have described, but they were many
curious variations. In Central Ohio the
direction of the glacial scratches is
southwest, whereas on the islands in
the western part of Lake Erie it is
very nearly west. At Logansport. Ind.,
extensive grooves and scratches have
been found where the movement is to
ward the north. This variation in the
direction of the grooves and scratches
indicates that there were eddies in the
ice, such as are found in the current
of a deep, slow moving stream of wa
ter. The grooves on {he islands in the
western end c-f Lake Erie are among
the most remarkable in the world. One
groove, in hard cornlferous limestone,
was about twenty feet broad and eight
feet deep, extending for a long distance
across Kelley Island. The surface of
this groove is most finely polished, cor
als and other fessils being cut off as
sharply as could be done by any grav
er's tool. The direction of these grpoves
in the bed of Lake Erie is evidently
due to the fact that the depression of
the lake a". vei ted the ice movement -in
I its closing stages in the direction of its
1 longer diameter toward the natural cmt
j let on the west.
The size of these ice-transported
bowlders is certainly surprising. Sev
eral in Switzerland which have been
moved more than 100 miles would
weigh more than 1000 tons apiece. The
celebrated Pierre-a-Bot, a bowlder
above Neufehatel, Switzerland, meas
ured 50 by 20 by 40 feet, containing
about 40,000 cubic feet, while another
near Monthey contained more than 60,
000 cubic feet. Ship Rock, near Pea
body, Mass., is a glacially transported
bowlder estimated to weigh 1100 tons,
while Mohegan Rock, in Montville,
Conn., near Norwich, would weigh 10,
000 tons. At Madison, N. H., there is a
bowlder measuring 20 by 40 by 75 feet,
which can be traced to ledges of Con
way granite, about two miles away.
The so-called Judge's Cave, or "West
Rock, near New Haven, Conn., is
formed by a transported bowlder weigh
ing 100 tons, which can be traced to
well-known dykes of trap sixteen miles
to the north. A granite bowlder near
Lebanon, Ohio, which was brought by
the ice from Canada, measured 17 by 13
feet, with eight feet out of ground, and
evidently a much larger mass under
the ground. But Professor Orton has
described a mass of Clinton limestone
in Freeport, Warren County, Ohio,
which is three-fourths of an acre in
area and sixteen feet in thickness,
which has been brought several miles.
The central part of Northern Iowa con
tains a great number of bowlders of
exceptional size brought from several
hundred miles away. One of them fur
nished building stone enough to con
struct an entire church.
from these san^e ledges have also been
found as far southwest as Keokuk, la.
Armed with these facts concerning
the former extent of the Swiss glaciers.
Agassiz went to Great Britain and
came to America and initiated those in
vestigations which have shown the
spread of glacial ice over the areas al
ready mentioned. Scandinavian bowld
ers cover Northern Germany, and are
found 700 miles southeast at Kief, Rus
sia; found at Tuscumbia, sixty miles
up the Osage River, which comes down
from the Ozark uplift to the south.
They are also found on the south side
of the Kansas River as far west as
Lawrence and Tor>eka, while windrows
of them are found in Central Dakota,
which have been derived from ledges in
the vicinity of Lake Superior.
drive out of the hearts of men that respect for the dead
who can work and war no more, there is present an is
sue the most peculiar and the most painful that has ever
been joined in civilized 'society.^ It goes far beyond ar
bitrary deprival of the means of living.
Such use of power heretofore has been somewhat
indifferently opposed by those who administer the law.
Heretofore human enmity, in savage and civilized con
ditions, has been under the rule that when God's hand is
on a man and his breath is gone man's hand is with
drawn. The violation of this rule, and acts that go fur
ther in violation of what has been universal usage, is a
most portentous circumstance.
THE CALIFORNIA FIG.
fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 22, 190b'.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. . . . . . . ... Address AH Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
PubUcation Office . . <lg|j|5|^> • • .Third and Market Streets, S. P.
TUESDAY « • • •• DECEMBER 22, 1903
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
INSTRUCTIVE STDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
8Mrs. Idaline Rosekrans was ap
pointed guardian of Horace Virgil
Logan by the Superior Court yester
day. Her ward is the son of Dr. M.
H. Logan, a well known physician,
who was recently adjudged insane and
sent to Agnews. Mrs. Rosekrans is the
aunt of the boy. *¦
Ills Aunt Is His Guardian.
A beautiful framed picture makes a
good Christmas present. The only large
assortment of good things is at Sanborn
& Vail's. •
A suit to recover on a lottery ticket
was filed yesterday by Francis Kulow
against the Charles Rothschild Com
pany. The amount involved is $1250.
It is claimed by the plaintiff that the
defendant refuses to acknowledge his
claim because the ticket entitling him
to the amount has been lost or stolen.
Sues for Lottery Prize.
Action on the ordinance authorising
an expenditure of (3000 in payment to
John J. Doyle for ten horses and $2475
for nine horses purchased by the Fire
Department was postponed for one
week by the Board of Supervisors yes
terday for further investigation. The
Finance Committee previous to the
meeting of the board resumed its In
quiry into the alleged high prices of
the horses. James McNab testified that
the prices were reasonable for the kind
of horses required by the Fire Depart
ment, and on that showing the commit
tee recommended that the bills be
passed.
Braunhart opposed the passing of the
bills and demanded a full investigation
to determine j if the Fire Commission
had used due diligence In an endeavor
to secure horses at the lowest price ob
tainable, and whether horse dealers
generally had been communicated with
when the commission desired to pur
chase horses.
The Fire Commission will be cited to
appear and explain the transaction In
volving the purchase of the horses .in
all its details.
On recommendation of the Joint Com
mittee on Finance, License and Police
an ordinance was passed to print au
thorizing the refunding to various
claimants of licenses on nickel-ln-the
slot machines aggregating $4270. The
licenses were paid during the begin
ning of the quarter and the machines
were ordered out by the Chief of Police,
so the license tax was pot earned by
the city.
City Attorney Lane filed an opinion
stating that he does not find any char
ter provision requiring the Park Com
mission to Durchase materials or en
gage labor by means of contract alone.
The charter permits by implication the
purchase of supplies in amount less
than $500 in the open market, Lane
says, and he further advises that no
contract can be made without the ap
proval of four members of the Park
Commission.
City Attorney Lane was requested
not to appeal certain judgments ob
tained by the various insane hospitals
o gainst the city for the care of criminal
insane, he having Informed the board
that an appeal was inadvisable.
In passing to 'print several ordin
ances granting time extensions to street
contractors Brandenstein stated that
the extensions would be illegal if the
bondsmen for the contractors did not
agree thereto. Inquiry to that effect
will be made before Unal passage of the
bUlS.
Amounts Aggregating $4'270
for Nickel-in- the-Slot Ma
chines Go Back to Owners
LICENSES TO BE RETURNED
Supervisors Order Investigation
of Alleged High Prices Paid
by the Fire Commissioners
TO DETERMINE
HORSE VALUES
The Board of Public Works served
notice yesterday on the owners of .the
following premises to repair specific de
fects in their sidewalks:
Northwest corner Van Ness and Golden Gate
avenues'; 511-609 Van Ness avenue; 611 Larkln
street: COS-610 Larkln street; 620 Larkln street,
G22 Larkin street; 708 Larktn street; 806 Lar
kin street: S12A and 812B Larkln' street: -317
Larkln «treet: lOOl-lOOTJ Larkln I street: 1008
1003% Larkln atreet; 1210 Polk street; 1010
Gough street; Seventeenth street, between No«
and ' Sanchez.
Notified to Repair Sidewalks.
At the monthly meeting of the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals, held Saturday, Secretary
Holbrook reported that 217 cases of
cruelty, involving 466 animals, had
been Investigated during the month of
November. The, prosecutions amount
ed to twenty and the convictions num
bered fourteen. The trustees of the
society elected the following named
applicants to membersship: -Bessie
Bennlon, Mrs. G. Ballings, Eugene de
Forest, G. H. Lent, Mrs. Maud H.
Norton and Emile Kahn.
Many Animals Are Aided.
The will of the late Phebe L. Sim
mons 1 was filed for probate yesterday.
She leaves her entire estate to her
daughter, Elizabeth, but provides that
it shall be turned into cash and de
posited in a bank in her name -and
that of Charles S. Cornell, executor of
the will, and there held subject only
to drafts drawn by Cornell. The lat
ter is instructed to use the estate for
the daughter of the deceased as he
sees fit.
Leaves - Estate to Daughter.
of the charge that she had acted in an
Improper manner with one Frefl Peters.
She says that she has always been a
good wife, but that Ross had neglected
her and has compelled her to depend
upon her relatives for her support, not
withstanding that he is worth $75,000.
Suits for divorce for cruelty were
filed by Mabel Rogers against Robert
Rogers and by Lydia A. Jurgensen
against Ernest Jurgensen.
Interlocutory decrees of divorce were
granted to Lucia Getzler from Freder
ick A. Getzler for desertion, and M. I.
Palmer from C. R. Palmer and Olaf
Nelson from Charles Nelson for cru
elty. ,The divorce suit of Fannie C.
Ayers against W. F. Ayers, to whom
she was married in 1876, was taken
under advisement by Judge Sloss.
Buyers of Christmas Presents
Should visit Andrews Diamond Palace,
221 Montgomery St.. under Russ House,
and see large stock of diamonds, watches
& Jewelry at lowest prices. Open evgs. •
We, the undersigned real estate brokers,
agree to close our respective offices Saturday.
Decembr 20, 1003. remaining closed from (De
cember 25 to December 28. thereby giving- our
employes a three-day holiday:
Madison & Burke, Thomas Magee & Sons,
Hooker & Lent. Speck & Co. ; Bovee, Toy & >
Co.; Lyon & Hoag. Boardman Bros. (& Co.:
Sh.iinw.ild, Buckbee & Co. : Burnham. Marsh '<
& Co. ; Davidson & Leigh. Sonntag Bros., Von !
IUieln Real Estate Company, Guy T. Way
man, McAfee Bros., O. D. Baldwin & Son, j
Center & Spader, G. H. Umbsen & Co., A. J. |
Rich & Co., F. B. Surrhyne, B. P. Oliver, J
W. H. Crim & Co.. Ashton & Gardiner, Bald
win & Howell. David Stern's Sons, E. W. Haw- I
kins. Cranston & Sona. Nelson Johnson & Co.,
II. E. Coffey ACa, C. V. Hughes & Co. i
Real estate men of this city will give
their employes a three-day holiday this
week. The following petition was
signed by the leading brokers of the
city:
Real Estate Brokers Agree to Close
Their Places of Business From
Friday to Monday.
EMPLOYES TO HAVE
THREE DAYS' HOLIDAY
John Turner, a capitalist of Eureka,
appeared before Judge Murasky yes
terday with the complaint that certain
documents in the case of Turner vs.
Hearst were missing. Turner did not
tell what papers could not be found.
Judge Murasky nevertheless issued an
order that County Clerk Mahony pro
duce all the records in the case this
morning in court.
The complaint also charges that he
was served with an order purporting
to have emanated from Judge ilur
asky's court and that no such order
was ever issued. The case has been in
the courts for about ten years.
Turner as owner and agent controls
millions of acres of timber land in
various sections of the State.
Judge Murasky Directing That
Court Records Be Produced.
John Turner Secures Order From
CLAIMS THAT VALUABLE
• PAPERS ARE MISSING
Christmas cards and calendars — good
things for everybody. Sanborn, Vail &
Co. •
Mary Holmes, widow of Captain W.
H. Holmes of Engine Company No.
37 of the Fire Department, who died
on the 1st inst. from injuries received
in a collision between a car and the
engine on which he was proceeding
to a fire In August of last year, sued
the United Railroads yesterday for
$50,000 damages. She alleges the col
lision was the result of the careless
ness of the company's employes. The
accident occurred on Twenty-fourth
street, near Potrero avenue. Holmes
received injuries that rendered him un
fit for duty for nearly a year and ulti
mately caused his death. He left, be
sides his wife, two minor children, girls.
A comparison of the expense of elections in
the larger cities of the United States places
San Francisco in the lead for economical ad
ministration under like conditions. Boston is
the .next lowest, and the per capita cost of
election of 1902 was $1 49. *
The introduction of the voting machine will
still further reduce the expense of election*
and I trust the city will havp them in opera
tion at the next general election.
Registrar Thomas J. Walsh has made
his report to the Election Commission
ers of expenses Incurred for elections
during the year 19*03. In part it is as
follows:
The crlmary election Aujruet 11. 1003, cost
approximately $<JS(K> 84, or 36 2-3c per vote
cast. Sorcial elections for improvements Sep
tember 29 and acquisition of Geary-street Rail
road October 8 cost together $19,121 CS, or
30 3-10c per vote cast. Municipal election
November 3, $61,810 28, or $1 Oi per vote
cast, a total for the four elections of $U0.
4!»2 80. Thia Includes registration and every
item of expense connected with the department
up to December 1. 1003.
A study of the figures given above when
compared with the cost of the department un
der the consolidation act will demonstrate the
improvement which the charter has wrought
through the operation of civil service regula
tion in the employment of clerks and the
purchase of supplies of every kind by competi
tive bidding. The first election held under the
Australian ballot law in 1892 cost this city
$29«,988 18. or an estimated cost per capita
vote of $3 30. Since the charter went into
effect there has been a surplus at the end of
each fiscal year, which was seldom known un
der the consolidation act.
Head of Election Department Shows
That San Francisco Leads All Other
Cities for Economy.
CAPTAIN HOLMES' WIDOW
SUES UNITED RAILROADS
REGISTRAR THOMAS WALSH •
3IAKES HIS ANNUAL REPORT
Laxative Bromo Quinine removes the cause. To
get the genuine, call for the full name. 25c. •
Headaches From Colds.
The claims of .the First National
Bank for $13,026 37 and the Crocker-
Woolworth Bank for $3634 37 for refund
of taxes paid under protest for schools
and a hospital were reiected.
The ordinances regulating shooting
galleries and imposing licenses thereon
were finally passed.
Action was postponed one week on
the ordinance granting permission to
the Associated Oil Company to lay an
oil pipe line along Berry street to
Sixth, thence along Townsend to the
storage tank of the San Francisco Gas
Company.
Loughery thought the route of the
line should be changed so as to go
along King- street.
Henry E. Bothin was granted a per
mit to maintain a rock crusher on Sec
ond street, near Harrison, for a period
of ninety days for building purposes.
The City Attorney was authorized to
employ an expert to testify as to val
ues of property in an action to condemn
property for the proposed St. Mary's
6quare. The City Attorney was also
directed to proceed with one suit for
such condemnation, but to suspend
further proceedings until the Finance
Committee has held a conference with
him.
The amended ordinance regulating
the placing of electric wires on poles to
safeguard human life so that It will go
into effect on April 12, 1905, was finally
passed. All the electric companies
have agreed to comply with the law be
fore the date named.
dero culvert to the Oc"ean road, but is
waiting to hear from the Spring Valley
Water Works on the subject.
Grades were ordered changed at cer
tain points on California street, Twen
ty-seventh, Twenty-eighth, Twenty
ninth, Thirtieth, Thirty-first and Thir
ty-second avenues, Xoe and Nineteenth
streets, San Bruno avenue. Twentieth
street. Fifteenth, , Sixteenth. Seven
teenth, Eighteenth, Nineteenth, Twen
tieth, Twenty-first and Twenty-second
avenues and I. J and K streets.
Bills were finally passed fully ac
cepting the roadway of Green street,
between Buchanan and Webster, and
the roadway of Noe street, between
Seventeenth and Eighteenth, prohibit
ing animals or vehicles upon sidewalks
or street crossings, imposing a license
on bill posters, advertising sign paint
ers and street car advertisers.
The communication from the Point
Lobos Improvement Club calling atten
tion to poor lighting service in the
Richmond district was referred to the
Light Committee.
The. Board of Works sent a communi
cation stating that it was prepared to
extend Nineteenth avenue from Troca-
The Federation of Mission Improve
ment Clubs filed a complaint with the
Board of Supervisors yesterday re
garding the alleged bad .quality of the
gas furnished to consumers. The fed
eration desires to know what quality of
gas is required by ordinance. The
communication was referred to the
Light Committee.
The petition of the same organiza
tion to hava Castro street, from Sev
enteenth to Twenty-first, paved be
tween the car tracks was referred to
the Street Committee.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
postponed action for one week on the
ordinance granting a franchise for a
steam road to the Southern Pacific
Company along the bay shore. This
course was pursued by the board be
cause the corporation had failed to file
certain agreements to pay damages for
change of grades and to deed land
necessary for the widening of Ken
tucky and Fourth streets, although its
representatives promised to produce
the agreements in twenty-four hours.
Jere T. Burke, attorney for the com
pany, stated that the City Engineer
had recommended that the company
file an obligation to pay such damages
as the latter had designated.
¦ "The awards of the damages esti
mated by the City Engineer will be
made by the company," said Burke,
"and a stipulation to that effect will
be filed with this board within twenty
four hours, i We will follow the City
Engineer's recommendations in that
respect."
"The company should designate the
exact parcels of land to be deeded for
widening the roadways of Kentucky
and Fourth streets, which It has prom
ised to do," said Curtis.
"That will be done also In the next
twenty-four hours," said Burke.
"It seems to. me," said Mayor
Schmitz, "that these stipulations should
be filed before the franchise is finally
passed," and the Mayor's suggestion
prevailed.
City Engineer Grunsky in his report
fixes the amount of damages to ad
jacent property at approximately $75,
000, but this amount will be increased
to $100,000, with the added exDense of
putting the streets already Improved
In a like condition of improvement with
reference to grade changes, which ex
pense will be borne by the company.
The report further says that the ap
praisement of damages is accepted as
final by some property owners. It in
cludes damages to land and improve
ments and allowances for Increased
cost of grading streets not now im
proved.
The Kearny Street and North Beach
Improvement Club petitioned the board
to take steps to build the addition to
tHe Hall of Justice under the recent
bond issue.
Commissioner of Public Works ,Man
son submitted his plans for an amphi
theater on the children's playground
and they were referred to the Finance
Committee.
Stephen Potter was appointed stenog
rapher to take down and transcribe
testimony in the forthcoming annual
Investigation for the fixing of water
rates. Potter Is to receive $8 a day
and 15 cents a folio for transcribing.
Supervisor Connor gave notice that he
will move to begin the investigation
immediately after the new Board of
Supervisors is inducted into office on
January 8, 1904.
The amended ordinance regulating
the numbering of buildings so that
every one-fiftieth of a block shall be
entitled to a number ¦ was passed to
print.
A resolution was introduced at yes
terday's meeting of the Board of Su
pervisors by Brandenstein directing the
Board of Public Works to make pro
vision hereafter (prior to the paving
or repaving of any street) for perma
nent conduits thereunder for the ac
commodation of any pipes or wires that
may be placed under the surface of the
street.
Brandenstein explained that the reso
lution was designed to prevent the con
tinual tearing up of streets by light
ing and other corporations.
¦ The ordinance authorizing the Elec
tion Commission to appoint a store
keeper-mechanic was passed to print.
The ordinance does not create a new
place, but simply legalizes the appoint
ment of the Incumbent of the position.
Braunhart objected to the ordinance,
saying that there are already several
temporary appointees whose appoint
ments were never legalized by ordi
nance, and a precedent would be estab
lished In legalizing the same to the ex
clusion of civil service ellgibles.
The ordinance accepting a deed for
conveyance to the city from .Charles
Patton to lands required fpr the open
ing of East Park street was passed to
print. Similar action was taken with
the ordinance accepting a deed from
E. N. Fritz to land for the opening of
De Long avenue.
Action on the ordinance ordering
street work on Ncre street, between
Elizabeth and Twenty-fourth, was
postponed for one week to hear pro
testing property owners.
F. H. Colburn appeared before the
Finance Committee and urged that an
appropriation be allowed for a munic
ipal exhibit at the St. Louis exposition.
The committee said there were no funds
available for the purpose, but an ap
propriation might be made in the next
budget. The committee then deferred
action for three weeks, when the new
Board of Supervisors will have been
installed in office.
Emma Roes, defendant in the suit for
divorce brought by Angus Ross, has
ajiswered his complaint with a denial
Mrs. Hopkins further avers that In
the month following their marriage her
husband boasted that he had won the
love of a woman named Gene Danera
and of another named Ethel, and said
that he had made a date to meet them.
He also, alleges his wife, on the same
occasion nearly broke her heart by
breaking up her Jewelry box and jew
elry and his own watch, and then
boastlngly informed her that he had
"bucked the tiger and lost $10."
Mrs. Hopkins says that it was her
husband's dally habit as soon as he
arose in the morning to pull her hair
until she puffered agonies and then
curse her and tell her that he was sorry
he ever married her. To make matters
worse, says the plaintiff, her husband
never allowed her to forget that he had
been married before, and completed her
humiliation by informing her that he
liked his first wife better than his sec
ond choice. He would also, she says,
torment her by calling her mother a
"dictator" and her sister a "big fat
slob."
PLEADS IXXOCEXCE.
Mr?. Hopkins charges her husband
with cruelty, and In support of her al
legations says that four days after
their marriage he left her and went to
Humboldt and remained there three
weeks. Upon his return, she saj-s, he
told her what a lovely time he had
flirting with numerous damsels in the
northern port, and when she cried and
objected to listening to his boasting he
threatened to leave her and go to Chi
cago,.from where, she avers, he said he
would not return if "he met any one he
liked better than her."
DESTROYED JEWELRY.
The charge of infidelity preferred in
the complaint, she states, is false in
every particular, brought for the pur
pose of saving Madden at her expense
and separating her from the child. She
says while she knew of her husband's
actions she never would have preferred
a charge against him tnat would have
injured him and told him frequently
that if he elected to commence an ac
tion for divorce on any ground that
would insure a separation without no
toriety she would have defaulted and
allowed him to have his freedom.
Pauline Hopkins, thcrugh a wife but
little over ninety days, is already
yearning for freedom. She has filed
sin action in divorce arainst John L.
Hopkins, a clerk, in which she alleges
that *ver since September 3 of this
year, the day she became his wife, she
has suffered intensely, has had fre
quent attacks of hysteria, spent many
a sleepless night and otherwise suf
fered, so that she is now a physical
and mental wreck.
In the affidavit Mrs. Madden lays all
the blame for her present unhappy pre
dicament upon Madden's parents. She
says that Fhe returned to this country
at her riband's solicitation with the
understanding that 6he was to be al
lowed, because of their unhappiness,
to secure a decree of divorce on any
pround that would not injure Madden's
came as an officer and a gentleman
or her own fair name. She says the
eubjoct of divorce had been discussed
by her and her husband after she had
discovered that he had not been faith
ful to his marriage vows. She avers
that her husband's parents interfered
and without his consent and solely for
the purpose of holding her up to ridi
cule and robbing her of her good name
instituted the proceedings.
DISLIKES NOTORIETY.
A sensational affidavit was filed in
the divorce proceedings of Captain John
A. Madden against Edith May Madden
yesterday. Mrs. Madden la the affiant.
The document V as filed with a notice
to the attorneys for Madden to the
Effect that on Friday. January 8. when
the case comes up for hearing in Judge
Hebbards court, her attt*neys would
move that it be dismissed on the sround
that the complaint was a sham, false
in fact a nd not pleaded in good faith.
Madden's attorneys are also to be noti
fied on the same occasion. In the event
that the motion to dismiss is not grant
ed, that Mrs. Madden will seek to stay
all proceedinss in the case until such
time as her husband returns to this
country, in the event of these pro
ceedings failing the affiant states that
Fhe will demur to the complaint on
the ground that it is ambiguous, de
fective, unverified and not brought at
the solicitation of the plaintiff in the
action.
Get an Extension of Fifteen
Months to Comply With Law
Regulating Electric Wires
Company Agrees to Pay Claims
and Deed Land to Widen
Fourth and Kentucky Streets
Says She Would Have Let
Him Obtain a Decree Had
He Sued on Other Grounds
GM^KY FIXES DAMAGES
Connor Gives Notice That Water
Rate Inquiry Will Begin Im
mediately After January 8
CORPORATIONS GAIN TIME
WILL ASK A DISMISSAL
STOREKEEPER TO REMAIN
Resolution of Supervisors Di
rects Works Board to Pro
vide for. Permanent Conduits
Mission Club Files Complaint
"With Board of Supervisors
About Illuminant Furnished
I>oard Exacts Stipulations From
Southern Pacific Before It
Grants Bay Shore Privilege
Wife of Army Officer Files
Another Document in the
Proceedings for a Divorce
BLAMES CAPTAIN
MIDDEN'S FOLKS
SAYS QUALITY
OF GAS IS BAD
DELAYS ACTION
ON FRANCHISE
STOPS TEARING
UP PAVEMENTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1903.
9
COTTOLENE.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA SRS
I AST 5 anoHTs
*" rt< * * 2 MATINEES
MAT. CHRISTMAS AHI> SATOTUDAT.
F. C. WHITNEY Presents
The Queen of Singing Comediennes,
LULU GLASER
In Stance & K<1 wards' Dainty Comic -Opera.
DOLLY VARDEN.
Next Monday— Clyde Fitch's Best Play.
"THE OIBZi WITH THS OBEXXT ETZ.S**
Strong cast of favorites, including IDA
CONQUEST. ROBBBT DROUET. MRS. WHIF-
FEN, GRAO3 HENDERSON and others.
AT P A7 A TJBeUaco A Mayer.
ALCAZAR srssi.
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— CHRISTMAS WEEK.
THREE MATS. — SAT.. SUN. AND XMA8.
Th« Famous Indiana Comedy Drama,
Df ¥ jp lA/ill
DLUC Never
JEANS outf
GREAT CAST— WONDERFUL. REALISM
The Brass Band. The Pet Bull. The Barbe-
cue. The Santa Claus Scene. Tha Thrtlllnz
Duzisa*- Sensation. Order Seats In Advance.
Evenings, 23c to 75c; Matinees, 15c to 00c.
Monday, Jan. 4— A LADY OF QUALITY.
„ . gelasco A Mayer. Proprietors.
Market St., Near Eighth. Phone South 833.
TO-NIGHT— ALL. THIS WEEK.
MATINEE3 CHRISTMAS (FRIDAY). SATUR-
DAY XSV> SUNDAY.
The Musical Extravaganaa,
ALPHONSE AND GASTON
Richest. Raciest. Cleverest of AU.
A Whirlwind of Rollicking Fua.
Special Engaxement of
COMEDIAN TONY WE3T
Vaudeville Specialties in Every Act.
MISS VIRGINIA AINSWORTH
And Chorus of Forty "Birdie" Girts.
PPffCC Evenings 1&, to gjj,
rttlL£3 Matinees 10c. 1*£ 22
New Year's Week. December 28— "THB
DAIRY FARM." _*^
TIVOLJ555S
Corner Mason and Eddy Streets.
OBAITD OPBJI1HQ,
TO-KOBBOW (Wednesday) STXnfXsTO.
MATINEES CHRISTMAS AND SATURDAY.
Magnificent Production of the Holiday Spec-
tacle,
IXION
Or *t*Hn ui H I-' irr.Twra^w
A Mythological Musical Extravaganaa faa
Three Acts.
See Bot&well Bxowno'a Beautiful Ballets.
USUAL. POPUUVR PRICES.. 25c. 60c and T3o
Proscenium and Mezzanine Box Seats.... 11.00
Seats on sale two weeks la adTuxe* srt
the Old TItoU.
BIO OHBXSTZSA8 8PZCTACXS.
THE BB1TTOK3.
And a Great Show Every AX tnsooa aa4
Evening ia the Heated Theater.
TWIN SISTERS LN THB INFANT LNCC-
BATORS.
AMATEUR WIGHT THXTSSDAT.
PRESENTS FROM THE CHRISTMAS TRBE]
FOR A1.1. CHILDREN FRIDAY
AFTERNOON.
Admission. 10c. Children. 5c
ADVANCE
ANNOUNCEMENT!
PATH,
The world's greatest songstress, will appear ia
San Francisco, her banner city, on the night o£
January 7 and the afternoon of the 11th.
Popular Prices,
One, two, three, four and five dollars, will pre.
rail.
Full particulars regarding sale of seats will
be announced later.
Racing !pB^ Racing!
EVERY WEEK DAT. RAIN OR SHINX.
NEW CAXJFORNIA JOCKEY CXUB. .
INGLBSIDE TRACK
Commencing MONDAY, December 14.
Six or More Races Daily.
Races start at 2 p. m. sharp.
Reached by streetcar from any part of the city.
Train leaves Third and Townsend streets at
1:15 p. m. and leaves the track Immediately
after the last race. No smoking In last two
cars, which are reserved for ladies and taelx
escorts.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERa THB
Great Mexican Remedy; rives health aad
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 per Year.
Established over xoo years.
* Agreeable soap for the
hands is one that dissolves
quickly, washes quickly,
rinses quickly, and leaves
the skin soft and comfort-
able. It is Pears'.
Wholesome soap is one
that attacks the dirt but
not the living* skin. It is
Pears*.
Economical soap is one
that a touch of cleanses.
And this is Pears'.
Jim* *\b^- i^
FBAOEBS
ADVZBTISEMENTS.
ALWAYS ON TIME
For Christmas or any other occasion
linen handled here is delivered -when
wanted and as wanted — in perfect condi-
tion as to cleanliness and finish — tho
shirts fit about the neck, collars and
cuffs are not .rivals of saws and the
work in general Is pleasing to the crit-
ical eye.
Can you ask more or expect less? No
saw edges. :
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
orriCB 1004 maeket stbebt.
Near Fow«li.
Phone South 420.
7) visit DR. JORDAN'S great d
OF ANATOMY^
0 Q) iosiUA2X2;c?.t«t.8tB*7a,s.r.C4.4
\ C3r The Uiriit Anatomical Museum ia Ike \
Q i World. Wukaeue* or uf contracted A
6 SX2 £JN di»M« yo«ili«lrrare« hy the oldest T
f£5|3| SpecUltMon the Com. EsLJAyexn. Q
A # J$f & DR. J0R0AN-D!3EASES OF MEN d
\ lwn)9 Consultation free tad strictly prime. \
A I JVWn Treatment penoiutiy rr b* letter. A a
W K if ?Ih f—itir* CWtin every cast nndenakea. \
A P (I ll D Write for Book. PBILSSOPBT ml A
V * ll II' Bannuci, mailed pkbb. CAT
\ Q y, T»iu»ble book for an) ¦ \
£ DHL JunDiN dC CO.. 1051 Market St.. 3. P. V
AMUSEMENTS.
TO-NIGHT AT 8 SHARP. THE
Great Orpheum Road Show.
Merian's Dog Pantomime and "Cae-
sar," the Mind-Reading Poodle;
Elizabeth Murray; 4 Nightons; Ed.
F. Reynard; Eckhoff and Gordon;
Melani Trio; Albertus and Millar;
Henry llumberty, and Ernest Ho-
gan, Mattie WHkes and Company.
SPECIAL MATIXEE CHRISTMAS.
Reserved Scats. ;5c; Balcony/ 10c: Box Seats
and Ooera Chairs. 50c.
CT7BTAX2r RISES AT 8 SBABF.
MATINEES Christmas Day and Saturday.
Benefits in Aid of tbe
WIDOWS' AND ORPHANS' FUND
SAN FRANCISCO FIRE DEPARTMENT.
E. J. Carpenter Presents the Sensational Mel-
odrama,
A LITTLE OUTCAST
The Performance Will Conclude With the One-
Act Drama.
HOW TO FIGHT A TTBJS.
Characters by Members of the San Francisco
Fire Department and Police Force.
Beginning Sunday Matinee. W. B. PATTOX.
the Peculiar Comedian, In "THE MINI3-
TER'S SON." . , '"..'-
Said the doctor to the cloomy man,
"It's hard to cull you through.
There's one chance left to save your life,
You must see
[ "I-O-U" ,
The Uproariously Funny Musical Comedy Stllll
Delighting Thousands. 1
Our "All-Star" Cast. Including* Kolb and
Dill, Allen Curtis, Winfleld Blake, Maude Am-
ber, Georgia OTlamey, Althea Tvrlns, Ben
Dillon.
In Conjunction "With Our Chorus of Fifty In aa
Entertaining Melange of Mirth and Sons;.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
SPECIAL MATDIXE CHBIBTMCAB _
W| LAST FIVE NIGHTS. iMI
BIOGEST HIT OF THE SEASON.
FOXY [HETl
GRANDPA 1 CHHI5TMA5 1
MM Joseph Hart
P Carrie De Mar
NEXT— ARE TOU A MASON?
Pfliarp DONTr fAIL T0
laiaWW 8ee th e beautiful
j COURT Lounzing
Afifl room, th& EMPIRE
allU * PALLOR, the
r j PALM ROOM; the
(in. tid LOUIS XV PAR-
U1UUU LOR, and the LA-
nr^iu DIESt writing
Hotels 1 room-
An Incentive for Early Shopping
8:30 a. m. to 12 o'clock noon
Double Green Trading Stamps
WUl Be Given With AU Purchases
g/lLWAYS^RELIABLE
a« 1230 Market st«-^»
' sBT^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Ts^^^^^ It II ll J* i Rpl
1^9 * ¦! Jfr&HMfaKja?plk Ii I * l Jrjty J?"no
fVM isHsB^SHHssm^^Sm J^OrU rkFVtWL'fi mSSSSBtm f^vm.! «*3
rya * I" »•» Uwl* tX V v Uip C I CU * v/OOJCi »'-M
ll She is Experienced and Capable, but she is an old Fogy and pf
if will not use Cottolene for Shortening. fc|
II Oh, how Foolish! |f|
H She has made all the Family 111 with her Greasy Griddle M
ll Cakes, her soggy Biscuit, her Lard-Soaked Doughnuts, and her If
ll Tough Pastry, and now they say she^has got to go! ll
ll Why will she not use Good, Pure, Nutritious Cottolene? ||
|J Because "The Way of the Transgressor is Lard." H
Ig Cottolens will be fouad.at good grocers. Sold ooly in sealed pails. 20-pace Cottft- Ki
M lene Primer, illustrated m colors, from which above is one page, sent free on requ eit. |J
fl M * de 0Bly b7 THE W * K ' FAIRBAlr K COMPANY, D«pt. a6o CHICAGO HFOUR MEMBERS OF ALL-CALIFORXIAX ELEVEN* THAT IS SCHED
ULED TO PLAY CARLISLE INDIANS OX CHRISTMAS DAT IN
THIS CITY AND OF WHOM GREAT THINGS ARE EXPECTED.
"The team will play straight football.
A few tricks have been practiced and
may be used if necessary- I believe our
line will withstand the plunges of their
fast backs and our ends will not be
skirted, as Hamilton and Tarpey are
big and strong and know their posi
tions. They will break up interference
and nail the runner every time. 'Dutch'
Hobbs has taken off ten pounds during
the last week, and by Friday should
play in his old-time form. Leadbetter,
the clever Nevada quarter, will be in
the game. He will run the team and
will take orders from Geisler, who has
been selected captain. Geisler will be
behind the line and. will do the punt-
Ing. He has not an enual on the coast 4 "
Smith's confidence is ' borne out by
facts. Every afternoon , and evening
the Californians are out practicing fall
ing on the ball, tackling, interference
and all the points of the game. If the
team had another week-'s work their
chances of victory would be even great
er. In the short time they have been
playing together they have mastered
intricate plays and signals. The men
are enthusiastic in their work. No one
has suffered an injury so far, and all
will go into the game in shape to put
up a grueling contest.
try, but this only makes us work the
harder. Our men have been going out
twice a day for practice and are round
ing into form.
The sale of seats opened.- at Cla
brough. Golcher & Co.'s yesterday and
a large number were sold. Orders^ are
flowing in from all quarters. The col
leges will send large representations,
as their best men are on the team.
Oakland will be well represented, as
the team will play under the colors of
the Reliance Club.
There has been a great deal of curi
osity to see the-Indlans in action. The
reports of their continuous victories
have aroused a great deal of interest
in the football world. When the In
dians played here before they were ac
corded a great reception, and they will
receive Just as cordial a one this* time.
Johnson, the captain of the Indians'
team, will play quarter. He was se
lected by Walter Camp as a member
of the All-American team. He is a won
derful drop-kicker, tackles hard and
runs his men with coolness and ability.
The Eskimo center also will be an at
traction. He is the only member of his
race in the game, and he is conceded to
be a good one. He has been pitted
against the best centers of the country
and has held his own.
The Indians will arrive in this city
to-night and will register at the Occi
dental. They will loosen their muscles
to-morrow afternoon and try the
grounds. Both sides are praying for
good weather. If rain does not fall the
spectators will see a fast contest.
SANTA CRUZ. Dec. 21.— A marriage of
more than unusual Interest Is to be celebrated
on ¦ Christmas day, when Miss Lottie Randall,
daughter of Horace Randall of this city will
marry Frank E. Knight of Yreka. Mr. Knight
Is a stockraiser of Del Norte County.
Buckhorn military brush sets, shaving
mirrors, letter cases, bill books, travel
ing sets, dress suit cases" and grips
make good presents for men. Prices
right, Sanborn, Vail & Co. ¦•
ELKHART. Ind.. Dec. 21.— A receiver has
been appointed for the National Manufactur
i"J5.r £S mpany - As8 «t 8 . 1125,000; liabilities,
? ln>,WO. . ,
ROME. Dec. 21.— The Ministry of Marine
has offered the transports Volta and Gariglal
ano for the transportation of t ho Italian ex
hibits to the St. Louis Exposition
First race— Ereanui, Myrtle a, Bas
senzo.
Second Kace — Aveagrcr, The Core, In
structor.
Third race — Mountebank, Maresa,
Dora I.
Fourth Race — Mo&lcnm, Incubator,
Fossil.
Fifth Bace— Dolly Hayman, Nervator,
Arcade. <
¦ Sixth Bace — Lord Melbourne, Forest
Xing-, Xtosarie.
John Mazzalo was arrested yesterday
afternoon by Patrolman Mathe*on and
booked at the City Prison on a charge
of burglary. It is alleged that Maz
zalo entered a room in the Colombo
Hotel on Sunday night and stole a
watch, clock, opera glasses and sweat
ers. The stolen articles were found
In his valise.
Charged .With Burglary.
The Fight Is Open to Club Offering
Best Inducements, Barring
San Francisco. >'•:; .-
NEW YORK, Dec. 21.— Jack Munroe
and Tom Sharkey were matched to
day to meet in a limited bout some time
before March 1, before the club offering
the best inducements. \
Because of Sharkey's injunction San
Francisco is barred from bidding for
the contest.
MUNROE AND SHARKEY
HAVE BEEN MATCHED
SU1SUX. Dec. 21. — George Pensacola. the
fisherman convicted In the Superior Couri
some time ago of the murder of Fred Potter
on Aupust 18 last, was to-day sentenced by
Judge Buckles to serve twenty years in Fol
eom Prison.
Westcott bases his claim for mone
tary balm on the fact that since his
suspension he has been unable to en
joy the comforts of the clubrooms of
the harbor in the ferry building. He
also avers that his reputation has been
hurt and that because of " the action
of the mariners he suffers humilia
tion., As a final cause of action West
cott alleges that h^ is unable to pro
cure work. The harbor, he says, is
also a labor union and he, as a sus
pended member, Is not allowed to
work with members of other labor or
ganizations with ' which the harbor is
affiliated.
Captain W. A. Westcott, who, at a
meeting of California Harbor No*. 15,
American Association of Masters and
Pilots of Steam Vessels, was suspend
ed, filed anamende'd complaint in his
legal proceedings against the harbor
yesterday. He asks for SIX), 000 dam
ages, claiming, as an" amendment to
his original complaint that by reason
of his suspension he has been dam
aged to that extent.
Asks Court for Judgment for $10,000
Against California Harbor of Mas
ters' and Pilots' Association.
CAPTAIN W. A. WESTCOTT A;,^
NOW DEMANDS DAMAGES
Fifth race, seven furlongs— Annie
Max won. Bud Embry second, Ivernian
third. Time. 1:28 3-5.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy
yards— The Regent won. Satire second,
Malay third. Time. 1:47. >r.<-X;
Third race, seven furlongs — Inquisi
tive Girl won, Bronx second. King
Croker third. Time, 1:30.
Fourth race, handicap, one mile and
twenty yards — Exclamation won, Bon
dage second, Mauser third. Time,
1:43 3-5.
"Winners at Xcw Orleans.
NEW OR # LEANS, Dec. 21.'— Crescent
City summary:
First race, six and a half furlon-gs —
Falernlan won, Harmakis second, Louis
Craft third. Time, 1:23 2-5.
Second race, one mile? — Captain Ar
nold won. Tribes Hill second, Rankin
third. Time, 1:41%.
. Thomas Upton, a > machinist em
ployed by the Southern Pacific Com
pany, was found dead in his bedroom
at 2426 Folsom street yesterday after
noon by his wife, who had gone to>
arouse him. An open gas jet and the
odor of the deadly monoxide in the
room left no doubt as to k the cause of
death. Upton - had been drinking
heavily Sunday and owing to his quar
relsome disposition when in his cups
it became necessary 'to call in Patrol
men Douglas and Weatherford to
quiet him. About- 9 p. m. he retired
and no attempt was made to waken
him until last evening about 6 o'clock.
Mrs. Upton, upon opening ths door,
found him lying on the floor and sum
moned her son-in-law, Charles East
wood. An examination showed that
death had occurred several hours pre
viously. The Coroner was notified and
Deputy J. P. Fennel was detailed to
make an investigation.
Gas Claims Another Victim.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 21.— The Marin
County Grand Jury, which has been
in^session here for some weeks, to-day
found an indictment against Vincent
C. Lewis, a young man from Oakland,
charging him with perjury. J
Lewis, In company with a. young
woman by the name of Sarah Hood,
also from Oakland, came to this city
on November 16, 1901, secured a mar
riage license from the County Clerk,
giving his age as 21 and that of the
young woman as 18 years.
The two then went to the office of
Judge George Rodden and were mar
ried. They immediately returned to
Oakland and the marriage was kept a
secret. After it became known that
they were k married, objections to the
bride were made and young Lewis ap
plied to the courts for relief. He sued
for annulment of the marriage on the
ground that when he was married he
was under 1 age.
The case was tried \before Judge
Melville of Oakland and the suit was
granted on the grounds set forth in
the complaint. Upon the witness stand
Lewis swore that he was under age at
the time the license was granted, aa
was also his bride. No sooner was the
marriage annulled in Oakland than
Lewis secured another license, this
time to wed a Miss McKay of San
Francisco. Judge Melville addressed
a letter to District Attorney Boyd of
this county giving the facts of the
case. Boyd lost no time In bringing it
to the attention of the Grand -Jury,
which returned an indictment this
evening.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Oakland Young; Man Indicted
in 3farin County Because
of a Secret Marriage
JURY DECLARES
'TWAS PERJURY
Road work, rope Jumping, boxing and
shadow sparring constituted Eddie
Hanlon's training work at- Croll's
Gardens in Alameda yesterday. In the
morning he went out for a seven-mile
sprint with Harry Foley and returned
to his gymnasium feeling, fine and
frisky. In the afternoon the little boxer
put on the gloves for five rounds with
Jimmy Franey, a local amateur fighter,
and Fred Landers, one of his regular
boxing mates. Eddie took on Franey
for two rounds and Landers for three.
After concluding the mitt work Han-
Ion skipped the rope a thousand times
and hammered the bag for half an
hour. In speaking of his condition Ed
die said:
"I do not remember having . felt
stronger than now in training for any
of my previous battles. I am satisfied
with my weight at present, and am
sound in every way. I will continue
my usual daily programme of work
until a few days before the contest,
when I will slacken some."
Keeps Up Fast Clip and Is in Fine
Shape. •
HAXLOX WORKING HARD.
BERKELEY, Dec. 21.— If "Heine"
Heitmuller; the California right tackle
who saved his team from defeat in the
intercollegiate game, cares anything for
sentiment he will not play with the
All-Californian team against the Car
lisle Indians. That is what many stu
dents and football men at the Univer
sity of California think, and among the
hardest thinkers on the subject is Col
onel George C. Edwards, chairman of
the athletic committee at the univer
sity. In speaking about the possibility
of Heitmwller being prohibited from
playing with the All-Californians on
Christmas day Colonel Edwards said
to-day:
"There is no rule to prevent Heit
muller or any other • California man
from playing with another team nor
will any attempt be made to interfere
with the game. But there is a well
defined serftiment against such playing.
If the Reliance team wants to play
Carlisle it is no affair of ours, but
they should not attempt to attract col
lege players."
Colonel Edwards was. interrogated
because there were rumors that the
committee of which he is chairman in
tended to stop Heitmuller, the only
University c-f California' man - on the
All-Californian - team, " from playing.
There were likewise rumors that the
Stanford athletic committee intended
to prevent any Stanford men from par
ticipating in the game. It seems, how
ever, that only sentiment stands In the
way, though. there is, abundant chance
that after the game the college player
may be accused of professionalism for
playing in a game where the money
will probably be divided among the
players-
University Men Object to Heitmullcr
Plnying Against Carlisle Indians.
A special oar will stop in front of
the athletic institution and carry the
members to the ocean heach. Presi
dent William Greer Harrison will walk
the^jcrowd down the beach and on the
retutn trip those who desire to take a
dip into the ocean may do so. A spe
cial cottage has been provided for
dressing purposes. / After the swim the
members will be served with an elab
orate lunch, either at the beach or in
the club's dining-room.
' Many of the members will ride to
the -beach in bicycles. There are near
ly 200 wheels in the basement of the
clubhouse and members are leaving
orders to have their bikes cleaned and
air pumped into the tires. Max Rosen
feld, captain ofthe club, has the affair
in hand and he thinks it will surpass
anything of its. kind given by the or
ganization.
Easterners can soon Judge for them
selves that in California a man can
go in swimming on Christmas day.
The Olympic Club athletes will do the
swimming and photographs of the
swimmers will be sent East by the
California Promotion Committee, with
accompanying affidavits. The club run
promises to be well attended. More
than fifty members have signed the list
of those going.
Olympic Club Athletes to Hold "Cross
country" Walk and Festivities at
the Bench Xext Friday.
QUESTION* OF SENTIMENT.
WILL SWIM IX OCEAN*
OX CHRISTMAS DAY
Training rules are being strictly fol
lowed by the men who will compose the
All-California eleven that will be pitted
against the victorious Carlisle Indians
on Christmas day. There are nearly
twenty in the squad, and the husky fel
lows are working with a vim. They
will not be satisfled by simply making
a showing against the red men. They
have set their hearts on victory, and
the Indians will have an awful tussle
to defeat them. Pete Smith, coach and
manager of the All-Californians, is de
lighted with the spirit shown by the
men. He says this augurs well for a
victory.
"The Carlisle Indians will have no
easy time next Friday," said Smith
yesterday. "The eleven that represents
this State will be one that includes
tried and true football players. Every
man has played the game for years
and has had the advantage of the
coaching, of the best experts of the
country. Not a man on our team will
weigh less than 180 pounds. This means
brawn and muscle, which, properly ap
plied, will play havoc with the Indian
line. We know we are going against
one of the foremost elevens in the coun-
I IKGLESEDE RACETRACK — MONDAY, Dec. 21. — Weather fine. Track heavy.
j .14 VZ. FIRST RACE— One mile: selling; three-year-olds and upward; value to first, $325.
Index j Horse and Owner? " WtlStT »i \ \£. ft. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. C\.
rj?a l-^wK'y- * 'Clayton) mi « 7 »i .1 xi. ;i \ 2 »i 1 % |Haack 12 15
•rii? \l^°- 4 ?' Rafour » |Hf»| 4 3 it 2 h" 1 h 1 4 a -1 U Jackson. * 11-2
\ ?Ui '{ 1Iou °n. 5 OV. D. Randall)... 1 1CO| 0 8 t£ 7 1 5 3 3 1%3 b Hlldebrand 5 7
Klio 'i "I" \ iS V O^ 1 * Co) i»10( 3 4 1* 5 1 4 h 4 h 4 14 C Kelly.... 5 5
riil' 'i! urdock :. %<**£ y - Parks)....|105| 2 5 h" « h 8% 8 K 0 ." Huxton .... 7 . »
r1.« 'T.?^' ( V '• M a«rran<?>.... 10ft 10 10 » n 0 0 3 \V. Coleman 15 10 4
vis? '5 ,? i e> . 5 « aV - J - SPler*)-- HOI 8 «2 4 >i 7 Vj « »J 7 h Waterbury . 2 1U5
51S !A" Ila r l{ <J -' Cree '- V > 102 1 2 34 8 1 8 1 7 1 8 10 J. T. Rhee'n 10 To
tMh Gibraltar, a IQ. McKen 2 Ie)....|110 7 1 iv, 1 'j, 2 1 5 It |\V. Xarvaez 20 25
! t»ray Pally. aj^Hutt-Mnson). . .jllO) « 9 »4 I'ulled up " |Foley 30 M>
, Tln-e— :2(i?i, :n2. 1:1SU. 1:48. At post 1% minutes. Off at 2:O7'4. Arthur Ray. place. 6;
I x-.T". "W- Pla^.,11-5: fhow. 1. Illilouon. show, :j-2. Winner, b. h. by Nomad
i «- Tr * l , n 1 ed b >' p - s - RJckman. Scratched— Q. W. Trahcm. The Ledaean. Start
eood. W on ridden out. Second and third driving. Winner is a good horse in heavy going.
Jdogo met with better luck to-day. Plan can do better. Tamm Is a elow beginner. El
i >^^JX!!i^S>S!iLiL^SS^£!^ the decision.
! •*»-<?>3. SECOND RACE— glx furlong? ; purse; 2-yenr-clds* value, to first, $325.
j Indf *j Horge and Owner. (WtlSt. V t . »« . Str. Fin. Jockey. | Op. C\.
-j«! i?! 1 " 1 ? 1^' 5 Ian 'f er B *.on) !lC3 3 . . . 1 h 2 3 In 15 Oonm-U .... "o'-lO 4-5
I -^ " ar « la .. ( B. Schrt-iber) |lO!t 4 ... 2 2 lh 2 2 2 3 Burns..'... 1 H-5
' -i'3 \- , ( )- G ' Ibert > ! 102| 2 ... 4h 3 3 3 1 3 4 Hlldebrand 15 20
i '*** ;V^ lnia V c >' Winter & Co.). .'102 1 ... 5 4S 4 10 4 25 L. Jackson. 40 100
, ¦»-.«. ;bcht;zo (Pueblo Stable) !lO5 5 . . . :; h 5 5 5 R. Butler... 50 200
; Time— :25V». :49*i. 1:1CVj. At post 1U minutes. Off at 2:33'i. Military Man, place, 1-5; •
, Fnow, 1-12. Uargin. place, 1-S; ?how. out. Flea, fhow, 2-5, Winner, oh. c. by St
(.eorse-Fan Fare. Trained by T. G. Ferguson. Soratched— Sacredus. Start good. Wen
!?;»«, \*J7 C and tHrd drlvln B. Winner best. Under hard riding, Dargln made it fii
1 _^^J^^j^L^C-i^J^I^^. the route - Flea ran his race. - v
j r '* U4 - THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs: selling; all age?; value to first, $325.
j InCexj Horse and Owner. [WtlSt. \i. 1$. «;. Str. Fin.) Jockey! Op! cT
'^-"Vr^^- - • < , Da c-! Cn *,r°- ) -r M 5 ••• 4 h * M. ¦•« h 1 a 4 [Anderson .. ~*10 To
1 'ra'u V?i nsdow , ne . J <H«Wrald). .. »:. 1 ... 3h 52 4h 2 1 htoach 10 15
: S4.M ;A |beinarle 3 .<E Tierney ) . . . . il(>2 « ... 7h 3^51 32 fHildebrand 7 K
I Futurita. .1 (W. H. Kraft) ... |102 7 ... 53 it 2 (I 14 4 1 C Smith .. 3 In
; .r.4-;><R a rdwrtl »«V « 'V* Armand).. 105 9. ... Mi « 1 7 h 6 Ollphant .'. 2«» CO
1 54. h), Reeves. 3 (Kamasney Urog.).. 10.1 8 ... S 'i 7 •' 8 1 rt " Folrv 1 11 1
' e w arey - :{ -. <K i H , ? U ° lh T !ll> - :: •^•«* " ?51 braver; •::: 12
; 4 -i irfiiT 0 ' , 4 lM . r '-c, R ? bl ? Mn) -i IIO l * ¦•• 10 10 10 "" !>- Jaokson. 20 60
.¦4.. jOlAidennlng. 4 <Slnk Jr.). . . . \w»\ 2 ... In lh 2 1 10 iUirw-n .... 3 3
Tirn TT : "H if :r>11 2. 1:0 »'-- At post 2>4 minutes. OfT at 2:5». Soufriere. place, fi; show, 3
I-ansdowne. place B: fhow. 2. Albemarle. fhow. 1. Winner, ch. f. by InsWtor B-
Landslip. Trained by A. F. Dayton. Scratched— Bummer. The Cure. Start Rood Won
Cleverly Second and third driving. Winner bid up to ?9O5. hut retained bv owner. 4 Be"
f, *t?,?, °? as lf t , he wlnner win beBr watching. Lansdowne ran to form." With a rider
up Futurna ran win next time. Cardwellton ran a fair race. Reeves was 2 to 1 at one
stage of the betting. Tills is not his race. Fort Wayne quit. Glendenning also passed
.%•*».%. FOl RTH RACE— Six furlongs; handicap; all ages; value to first. $40o!
Index j Horse and Owner. jWtiSt. ft.- V 2 . % . Str. Fin. ) Jockey. Op^ Cl.
54S:: jKonllworth. 5 (H. Stover) |'ll9[ 1 ... In 1 n 2 2 11 IRurns 4~^i T7
.MWK'Royal Rogue. 4 (Nealon).... 108 4 ... 3 1 %2 2 lh 2 2 Vvonderiv"" i 4
r.4.Vt I Iridius. 3 (Jennings & Co.l.Jll4 3 ... 4 1 32 3 8 J Mart n " 3 4
54i^i iMuresca, 4 >Mrs. Miller)^. Aj^lJ^. .2 14 4 4 4 jHlj^brand" 8 9
Tlme-:24U :4S 1:14% At post U, minute. Off nt .t:23«/.. Kenilwo7th7 place. 1-3:
show. out. Rogue, place. 1; show. out. Iridius. show, out Winner br h bv Sir
K?n. r i e^ir n H T „ T r aln '" J bi \F- , St< ? Ver - Ptart good - Won Brit three driving!
KenUworth was lucky to win. Wonderiy in some way managed to lope a stirrup
Iridius zlg-zafrged through the stretch. It was a comical raco all the way 5tlrru P-
S*?>0. RACE— Or.e mile and seventy yards; selling; value to first. $325.
Index) Horse and Owner. |WtlSt~U- K. % . Str. Fin. | Jockey. Op^ a.
5477 ISilurian. 5 (Lamasney) | j»| 1 15 12 11 11 lh |Fol»y 5.0 i 6 . s
V^--.' ) S* rC ? aI - 1 ' c T h »PP*»e & Co.)|100| IS 7 7 4 h 2 h 2 <> iHildebrand " 7-5 1
54.:: (Royalty. 4 (H. Green) afl 0 fi % 2 % 2 2 4 rt 3 liilOHphant 8 10 '
54S»1 iCougar. 5 (B. & H.) 10712 5 1 J 4 6 5 66 4 1 C Kellv • 6 « "
5401 (Prince Blazes, a (E. Herz)..104 3 4 5 0 1 B.I 3h 5 rt Kurt* *' 5 »
»477«)Tuck Back, 3 iA. Ross). . . .| 99 7 3 2 3 5 3 H ff U 0 4 I.T T ShVhn 25 1C0
5474 [Rio Chlco. a (Harris & Co.)[10l| 4 2l 4h7 7 " 7 |L. Jackson 30 1C0 j
Time— :25. :49a; 1:16, 1:44. 1:48. At post Vt minuTe. Off"^t~:i746Uv~Siiu7^~^a7,"
4-5; show 2-5 Caronal place 1-2; show. 1-5. Royalty, chow. 2. " Winner, br. g b^
llelvidere-Mrgie D. Trained by D. Lamasney. Scratched— lllowaho Start Rood
Won :n a hard drive of three Many viewing the finish from angle hooted the decision"
« aronal would have won if Hildebrand had kept him up. Hello! Royalty Couear
very tired to-day. *' s " .
SIXTH RACE— Seven, furlongs; celling; 4-year-old.* and upPTaluT'tT*n>s7r7325] ' \
Index) Hcrse and Owner. jWtjSt. »i . «4 . Str. Fin. J Jockey. Op! cT*
544S Harry Thatcher, 6 ( Hastings) 1 1121 3 15 15 14 1 "Un IC Kellv r> -
(54C1) R*y Dare. 5 <J. C. Nealon). .. ;112f 2 R 14 4 3 2 h 2 l" 2 h Wonderlv" 5 •> IK k
54S4 Bill Massie. 5 (McAlester). ...J107I 6 4 1 « % 3 14 3 1 3 1 Hlldebrand' % 2 %"k
5(W(» jEl Chihuahua. 4 (Spiers) fll»| 1 3 h 3 1, 4 ? 4 4 2 \VaterbSn- 20 V
64S5 iAchtlles, 4 (J. J. McCabe) |H0i 7 7 3 7 3(ih 5 h 5 h I.arsen 1 1
IChorus Boy. a (Robinson)... .11121 .% 8 2 8 2 8 1 « h <i h iFolev «<\ r ui
S123 ,Axmlnfter. 4 rW. Randall). ..<110! 8 9 9 a p 71' |ii uxtf , n o
.... I Lunar. 6 <\V. McLemore). . . .|ll2i » « 14 5 h 7 '4 s 1u;h 4 H^we '"' i«* ¦£.
54S4 |The Stewardess. 4 (Winter). .J107I 4 2 2 2 2 fi 4 7 \ U I.. Jackson! 30 «O '
Time— :24>4. :49^, l:15--«*. l:30'4. At poet 2 minutes. Off at 4:19. Harry Thatcher nlace
3; thew. 7-5 R«y Dare, place. 7-5; show. 3-5. Bill Massie. show. 1-3 Winner be
by P'rate of Penzance-MIss l>extngton. Trained by J. B. Harris Scratched— rjirtemf'
Start cood. Won first three driving. Harry Thatcher fell off the Christmas treeV.^'
Next Thursday will be a banner day
at Young Corbett's training quarters
on the ocean beach. He has issued in
vitations to newspaper men to come out
and see him weigh in. The champion
has always been satisfied that he would
make the weight, and will only weigh
himself for the purpose of satisfying
these who believe he has been shirking
his work. .'
To those who have watched the cham
pion train for 1 other contests it is ap
parent that he is rounding into mag
nificent condition. His skin is as pink
as a babe's and his breathing apparatus
could not be improved. There was a se
lect crowd at his. quarters yesterday
afternoon, and those present were
treated to some fast boxing. The "If id,"
as he is familiarly called by his trainer,
Harry Tuthill, worked nicely. He wore
three suits of underwear, had a heavy
llannel round his stomach arid had a
stove going that raised the temperature
of the room to 100 degrees. Corbett per
spired freely and seemed to enjoy his
work. He lambasted the leather sphere
until the room echoed with heavy re
ports. He hammered the bag for fifteen
minutes without a let-up, and wound
up by knocking it from its fastenings,
a la Fitzslmmons.
Then George Sanfransen, one of Tim
McGrath's finds, put on the gloves, and
he and the champion mixed things, for
three rounds. Corbett took some on the
jaw and then sailed in. He soon had
the, Klondiker bleeding from the nose
and worried. Corbett was asked to go
easy in the next round, and was obey
ing instruction's until Sanfransen tried
to knock his head off, and then the lit
tle fellow tore loose again. After three
rounds of fast work "Top Sergeant"
Otts donned his inflated chest protector,
and Willie punched it until he knocked
the wind out of it and Otts, too.
After this hard work he was rubbed
down and donned his bathing suit. He
ran to the watei*s edge and with a wild
whoop dove into an incoming breaker.
Corbett. disported himself in the icy
water until his trainers grew nervous.
When he came out he was muffled in a
dressing-robe and rushed to his quar
ters for another shower and rubdown.
The Hayes Valley Athletic Club will
hold its regular^ boxing exhibition to
night in- Mechanics' PaVilioh annex.
The main event will be a four-round go
between Joe Carroll and Paul Martin
for the feather-weight championship.
There will be five other good battles.
. _#
Boxes Fast Rounds With His
Sparring Partners and Has
a Kef resiling Dip in Ocean
TRAINING FAITHFULLY
Sixth r»c* — One and a sixteenth miles; 3
ysr-olds and upward; selling:.
<5t«»)»Lord Melbourne (Bender & Co.) I0T.
(MR?i)Forest King (S. .Ton*?) .;.'... 107
MT7 *Lacy Crawford (B. Schreiber) !«>
MSO 'Allopath (Lamasney Bn».) 101
5473 •Rcsarie (C. W. Chappelle) 101
C2S3 "Searcher (Partlngton Bros.) V8
•Apprentice allowance
Fifth race — Seven furlonrs; 3-year-olds;
r>'jr*e.
<5472)Nervator (Boots & Hollenbeck) no
<544W)Dolly Hayman (W. McLemore) 107
< MM) Arcade (Jennings & Co.) 110
M.*>3 Martinmas <C. T. Henshall) 107
S45»0 Glennevls (\V. Durker) 107
Fourth race — One mile and 70 yards; handi
cap: ail ages.
MRS* In'-ubator (F. Van Meter) 101
&.*9S» Our Bessie (J. F. Newman) 102
M71 Fowil (Parker & Thwaites) Ho
TAX* Modicum <D. J. Fountain) 99
M53 Divina <E1 Primero Stable) 10:1
Mfc* Jockey Club <VV. Fisher) 100
f.471 Horatlus (J. J. McAlrater) io»
&471 Fauleonbridge <E. Houseman) 104
Namtor (Frank Regan) 108
Third race — Six and a half furlocfs, three
year-olds and s tjp filing:
MRS »Maresa (R. E. Dolan) 97
f.4S6 'Mr. Phlnzy (II. Robinson) HO
f«9 Oro Viva <W«rd & King) 107
K4K1 Mountebank (Keating & Co.) 107
R4S8 I^urpne (W. L.. Pritchard) 107
B3W B**dn«T <M. Cruza) 112
5479 Oscar Toll* (KlundT & Burns) 110
MM Evander <W. Fisher) 102
R4«i # Merwan < J. J. McAlerter) f>9
R4C2 Dora I (W. M. Ingalls) H2
5474 Adirondack (H. I*. Shannon) 104
MSI Past Master (C. P. Fink) 104
Second race — Futurity course, two-year-olds,
celling:
M.12 "The Cure (TV. Fisher) 105
6470 Avenger <J. F. Schorr) 110
R4S0 Hogarth (P. J. Carmody) 103
M.*i2 Instructor (Boots & Hollenbeck) 106
MM» Younjr Pepper <T. J. O'Rourke) 107
S47O Mies Ringlets «T O Ferguson) 110
MRS Andrew B. Cook (fitanfleld & Ellis).. 110
4415 Oro Rose (Ward & King) 107
R47S Atwood (G. Hemmlngray) 106
M78 *Corcner Kelly < Bonder & Co.) 101
»r>u*ty Miller (P. Sheridan) 10.1
MM) »Hoc*o (Bums & 1Vaterhou3«) »S
S4«3 CornJvol (Jchnson & Co.) 106
Fred Kelly, who for twelve years act
ed as trainer for the stable of James
Nell, died at Fabiola Hospital yester
day morning of .pneumonia.
The stewards have decided that the
contract held by Caesar Young on the
services of Jockey Chandler is valid.
Stakes of the Coney Island Jockey
Club close January 4. Entry blanks
may be obtained from James Scanlan.
Ed Stutte. Joe Teager and Frank Lan
terman left Chicago for this city on
Sunday. Steve l'Hommedleu will fol
low them shortly.
Soufriere, winner of the third race,
¦was bid up from $600 to $900 by U. Z. de
Annan. Dayton & Co. retained the
filly.
: M. J. Sweeney, official caller at Har
lem track, Chicago, is here.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race — Six and a half furlongs, three
yewLr-ol&a and upward, (selling:
, R475 "Basscnzo (Walz & Co.) 107
f>354 'Nullah (G..S. McKenrle) 107
M»2 •Illilouon (W. D. Randall) 87
f>4Sl BoutonlWTe (Johnson Si Ca) 90
.V(t:2 Rosle Ban (Dr. leaner) 112
5422 Jyur.tra. <Mrs. Michaels) 112
6423 Brennus (S. Judge) 109
MC2 Grand Sachem <J. J Mcraa) 102
f^ftO 'Myrtle H (Mrs. Hcrtzcll) : 107
B372 Torfll* 'Rav ft Co.) IM
K36 Little Sister <Graffort & Co.) 112
. 64S8 "Gyro* 'H. Green) 101
The padding patience of Harry
Stover's Kenilworth was finally re
warded- at I ngrleslde yesterday. The
brown 'bird." with Tommy Burns in
the saddle, was a 4 to 5 favorite for the
six-furlong handicap, even i though
asked to pick up 119 pounds. The race
was an unsatisfactory one from every
point of view, as four-horse affairs
usually are. Kenihvorth went away in
the lead, but in the stretrh was passed
by Royal Rogue, which latter horse
, seemed only to be callopir-sr. As the
wire was approached IViyal Rogue be
pan slowing down and the favorite in
a drive won by a scant length. Iridius
ran a poor third, eight lengths before
Muresca. Otto Wonderjy piloted Royal
Rogue, and as an explanation of the
peculiar showing made by the Xealon
entry, said that he lost a stirrup soon
after the start. On the way to the
post the jockey said he shortened his
stirrup and carelessly neglected to see
that it was properly buckled.
Fast time was an impossibility, as
the track was still heavy. Military
Man and Kenilworth were the only
successful fovorites, long shots almost
taking poss^-tsiim of the card.
There was quite a demonstration
when the Judges displayed the number
«-f Silurian first at the finish of the
mile and seventy-yard selling event.
Caronal went to the post an even
money favorite and to many of the
spectators it hx>ked as if he got up in
time to receive the decision. Xearing
the wire Silurian swerved toward the
inner rail and Caronal bore out some,
which served to complicate things. At
any rate many were displeased and
hooted the official verdict.
El Oriente looked like "oil in the can"
to win the first race, a mile selling
event— only for one thing. Waterbury
had the mount and succeeded in losing '
himself in the discard. Fortunately for
him. the judges were all kind-hearted.
Arthur Ray. a la to-1 chance, out
stayed Idogo. winning by nearly a
Irngth. Illilouon was third and Plan
fourth.
Charley Connell succeeded, in infusing j
some life and vim into his work, and j
put Military Man over the Tine winner j
of the two-year-old fixture. The Fer- .
pruson colt ruled favorite over Dargin
at 4 to 5. and after a mild early argu
ment with the Schreiber entry •was re
turned first, with pounds to spare.
Flea finished a moderate third.
Dayton & Co.'s Inspector B filly Sou
friere, a 16 to 1 shot in the betting, de
feated quite a rax** cluster of speed in
the five and a half furlong scramble. \
She had little Anderson on her back
and. nicely handled, moved up from
fourth position, disposing of Lansdowne
by three parts of a length. Reeves, the
favorite, ran a miserable race, never
being a factor. Glendenning played a
one-night stand out in front and then
finished last. Futurita opened at 3. and
around post time 10 in profusion could
be obtained.
Harry Thatcher held a celebration in
the concluding seven-furlong selection.
Backed from 15 down to 7, the gelding
made all the running and in a hard
drive C. Kelly landed hlmiflrst, a neck
In advance of Rey Dare. Bill Massie.
the favorite, was third.
XOTES OF THE TRACK.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
Little Champion Agrees to
Being Weighed by Sporting
Writers on Thursday Next
Arthur Ray, Soufriere and Harry Thatcher Finish in
Front at Long Odds— Military Man Outruns Dargin.
Verdict Given Silurian Over Caronal Displeases
CORBETT WILL
GO ON SCALES
WONDERLY LOSES A STIRRUP EN ROUTE,
AND KENILWORTH DEFEATS ROYAL ROGUE
SPORTING NEWS AND HAPPENINGS AT RACETRACKS AND TRAINING CAMPS
ALL-CALIFORNIANS TRAINING HARD
AND READY FOR STRENUOUS INDIANS
Local Football Players Supremely Confident They
Will Defeat Red Men When They Come Together
in City on Christmas Day for Gridiron Honors
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1903.
10
PKOBABLE WXXHEBS.
AD V3BTISEMENTS.
THOUSANDS OF MEN
>i dfMM)j& mere Digmiea of what nature ln-
U /u|f\ - tended them, backward, over-sensitive. \
?z tuttty?* fearing to venture, delicate, easily d!s- <
I |s - ( >i couraged. short of breath, weak nerved. 5
!;!; JiP^ 1 W \ lackin S the srlt, the "sand" which is |
J^fj^ x^v l^ e P° 9?ession of vigorous strength. \
lB&\ ' Au ¦%M<S88Si§i&i^ They need Electricity, which is animal i?
--fc'-fv^lsBcir^ vitality. It is the foundation of all
€P^"^P \i\ vlsror - n ls the fuel to th* engine X
W A^k^h^&r HHHk whl ch runs the human machine. Elec-
7 A ll/'lF' BSiy tricity, as I apply it. is a source of new
Lr iS&sZfiK*. Ut ° tO aI1 parts of the b °dy. My $
DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S I
MmvtWm ELECTR| c belt §
t "' 1*11^11/ Restores the snap, th- vim. the vigor
—^..TjJ8® r s^Survm O f y OUt h. Any person who wears It »
can be a giant In mental and physical development. Are you weak, have
you pains In the back, varlcocele, weak stomach, constipation, lumba-
go, rheumatism, or overworked? My method of applyingelectricity while
you sleeD at night will cure^you. it rills the nerves with the fire of life.
'" tw m.t .,,,kii n n~.» ei..^»«/ 1(J 10 Alabama Street. San Franctscow Cal.
nnd?h r at M »fh^^^
ly complicated with bladder, prostatlc and kltae°?r£w£ Mytac /jJl 1, Zch Ve t-V
' ¦ ROBERT LANE. f
counTrV e Vh?cTh e aVn y ot d c a u're f 9 rO b I y D^^I^Er^efe " *
look to you for their future happiness, tr^n now J let tw,'™!™* 1 ,' *"« to K those ™ ho
C ought not to be delayed Act thls •nlnute. Such a matter 2
j Dl\ M.'C. McLaughlin ° 06 Market St.On December 24 and 25, and on December -31,
1903, . and January 1, 1904, the Southern _ Pacific
¦will »cll at reduced rates . special round-trip
tickets between all local points in California
where r*irular one-way, flret-class fare does not
exceed $10. Returning, tickets will be good till
December 28 and January 4, respectively. Full
Jaformation at 613 Market street. •
Reduced Rates for .the Holidays.
BERLIN, Dec. 21.— Berlin at mid
day to-day was in twilight and the
whole business of the capital was car
ried on by artificial light. The met
eorological office has not noted such
a phenomenon in a generation and^ at
tributes it to the light, motionless at
mosphere in which the city's smoke
and vapors did not ascend, thus blan
keting and darkening many square
miles. ,. • ¦•» .• •- • .*
Smoke and Vapors Hang as a Blanket
. Over the City, Causing Gen- .
era! Darkness.
BERLIN USES GASLIGHT
AT MIDDLE OF DAY
. The crack Presidio post team won the
baseball game on Sunday at San Jose
with the Mayer Bros.' team of all pro
fessionals by a score of 1 to 0. The
! game was a fine one 'all through, the
play being very fast. ? The game lasted
one hour and twenty minutes. The
post team showed up in great shape, the
entire team playing well. • i
j Forsythe's* pitching was sensational.
He struck but 13 men, and only allowed
3 hits off his delivery. He was cool at
all times and never during the. game
j did he lose his control. He also figured
in a very fast double play." . The fea
tures of the game were catches by out
fields Lamb and Cusack.
Conrad did excellent work behind the
bat, and it was due to his superb
catching that Forsythe was able to do
such effective work. His" throwing to
bases was of a high order.
Manager Joe Wagner of the post
team was naturally proud of the work
of his colts. A great crowd was In at
tendance and it is very probable that
the team will play again. next Sunday
in San Jose and an excursion may be
planned to go from here for those who
want to see first-class ball played.
A report, widely circulated through-
out the Presidio yesterday that Cap
tain C. L. .Bent had been shot, proves
to be entirely without foundation. At
the time the alleged fracas was sup
posed to have taken place, Captain
Bent was at home with his family in
Alamedn. When the rumor reached
the camp of the Thirtieth Infantry it
caused a great sensation and the-ru
mor rapidly spread air over the post.
Captain Bent returned to the camp
shortly after 9 o'clock and was much
amazed when he was informed of the
report. . He stated he knew nothing
of the affair, nor how such a story
could have originated.
POST TEAM PLAYS WELL.
and two companies will go to Fort
Reno. The remaining eight companies.
Including the headquarters and band,
in command of Colonel J. J. O'Connell,
will leave for Fort Crook on Wednes
day morning.
The transport Sheridan, which sailed
from Manila on the 15th inst., has on
board 810 enlisted men of the Twenty
eighth Infantry, 205 casuals, forty-six
sick, four insane and forty-four gen
eral prisoners. The Twenty-eighth,
Colonel Sweet commanding, will be sta
tioned at the Presidio and will go into
the cantonment recently occupied by
the Seventh Infantry prior to its de
parture for, Manila. '*'
Pyrography outfits and things to burn.
Art material department, Sanborn, Vail
& Co. •
BALTIMORE, Dec. 21. — The board
of directors of the Union Trust Com
pany, which was placed in receivers'
hands about two months ago, to-day
decided to resume business. The'cap-
Ital stock of the company is $1,000,
000, the resources about $3,000,000.
Baltimore Concern Reopens.
All leather goods lettered in gold free
of charge. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market st. •
HAMBURG, Dec. 21. — A meeting
to-day of representatives of the prin
cipal ship owners of Hamburg unan
imously agreed to a proposal for the
establishment of an international
union of sailing ship companies with
th* view of fixing minimum freight
rates for homeward and intermediate
voyages. The minimum rates will
barely cover actual expenses.
May Have Sailing Ship Union.
On Friday. December 25, Christmas day, the
California Northwestern Railway will fell tick
ets nt half rates, or one fare for the round trip,
with return limit Saturday. December 26, from
Han Francisco to the following jxiints:
St. Vincent. Iirnaeio, Novato. Petalumn. Penn
Grov«\ Cotati. Santa Rosa. Fulton. Windsor,
Healdsburg- Lytton. GeyservillP. Astl. Clover
dale, I'retton. Hepland. Guerne\1lle. Schellvllle,
Vineburg. Sonoma, Agua Caliente, Verano, Glen
Ellen. Sebastopol, Ukiah, Willits and points in
t*rmediat«. • . • •
Holiday Rates.
An interesting Christmas festival will
be given at the Fourth Congregational
Church to-night at 8 o'clock. The pro
gramme will include solos by Wiley
Crist and Miss Mclntire. two selections
by the church orchestra, a violin solo by
Mr. Day of the orchestra, solo by Miss
Alfreds Tibbets, recitations by the Sun
day-school scholars, and the pro
gramme will end with "Santa Claus
and TTncle Sam," a Christma3 cantata.
In which several soldier boys from the
Presidio will take prominent parts.
Christmas Festival.
The Northern California Baptist
Convention, in session yesterday at the
Young Men's Christian Association
Hall, issued an invitation to the Rev.
George Robert Cairns to become con
vention evangelist. The Rev. Mr.
Cairns has just returned from England,
where his work has been pronounced
most successful. His first work will be
gin about the first of the new year at
Santa Cruz.
H. H. Bell of the, United Presbyterian
church is vice president and- the Rev.
Dr. Thomas Fllben secretary-
Bishop J. W. Hamilton of the Metho
dist Episcopal church is chairman of
the provisional committee, the Rev. Dr.
Association Hall. A committee to have
charge of" united evangelical work will
then b% formed. The plan proposed is
that all evangelical churches of the
city shall enter into sympathetic co
operation In the work; arrange for
union meetings of prayer and confer
ence, to be addressed by the ministers
of the various denominations, and to
carry on together aggressive Christian
work.
UKIAH, Dec. 21.— Hemby Ford, aged
fl years, was shot and seriously wound
ed by a boy companion this morning.
Russell and Hemby Ford, sons of Ar
nold Ford, a well to do hop grower of
this city, and their cousin, Floyd Bank
er, took a shotgun and started on a
hunt. The boys had been taking turns
j in carrying the gun. When the acci
j dent occurred young Banker was carry
ing the gun across his shoulders with his
j arms thrown over the weapon. In some
manner he slipped and started to fall
backward. The gun was discharged
before he touched the ground, the
charge grazing young Ford's neck and
striking underneath his jaw, tearing a
portion of it away and fracturing it in
three places. His face also was badly
injured.
Floyd Banker, in whose charge the
gun was at the time of the shooting, is
12 years old, as is the other Ford boy.
It has been reported to the jury that
checks of the union were honored at
the First National and Hibernla banks.
Treasurer Shea was ordered to produce
all of his books and records for 1903.
He will also be asked, it Is said, to tell
if he paid money or received ' orders
from the higher officials of the union
to pay money to "professional slug
gers." ;•• •
GRAXD JURY' INVESTIGATION'.
The Grand Jury' to-day commenced
an investigation into the, acts of vid
lence committed during the recent city
railway strike and against non-union
men employed by the company since
the termination of the strike. A num
ber of witnesses were questioned as to
their personal knowledge, of so-called
"wrecking crews" and "educational
committees." Among these witnesses
was General Managed McCuIlough of
the City Railway Company, who said,
after leaving the jury room, that he
had testified {hat he had no personal
knowledge of specific acts of violence,
but that he had told the jury in a gen
eral way of the violence which had fol
lowed the company's attempt to move
cars with, non-union crews.
The investigation will continue to
morrow and evidence will be sought in
connection with the press feeders'
strike, which has been In progress for
several weeks. Among \he witnesses
who have been subpenaed in this con
nection are John M. Shea, treasurer of
the union; R. J. Street, cashier of the
First National Bank; John B. Clark,
president of the Kibernia Bank. These
witnesses will be questioned in an ef
fort to ascertain if money was paid to
"wrecking crews" and ¦"professional
sluggers."
A funeral party from the Northwest
arrived in Chicago to-day, arid . after
the body of the deceased had been
taken from the Union Railway Station
in a "dead wagon" pickets .stopped an
omnibus In which the mourners were
being transferred to the Dearborn sta
tion. It was explained to the pickets
that the body was being taken south
ward and that train connections had to
be made, but they refused to allow the
omnibus to proceed until a union busi
ness agent arrived. He heard the de
tails and then declared that the mourn
ers should proceed without interference.
Plans had been made by John Curran
to have a coffin containing the body of
his wife carried on the shoulders of six
pall bearers from his home to St. Pat
rick's Church and from the latter place
to a railroad station, but in consequence
of the slippery condition of the side
walks he abandoned the idea. The
body was removed in a "dead wagon."
More than one hundred mourners, in
cluding children and babies , carried in
arms, formed in a procession and fol
lowed the undertaker's wagon in the
street.
On top of Chief O'Neil's order came
the announcement^ to-night that peace
plans looking to the settlement of the
strike had been launched. Through the
efforts of the Chicago Board of Arbitra
tion, which was largely instrumental in
the settlement of the laundry strike last
summer, a committee of four was ap
pointed at a meeting of the four livery
men and undertakers' associations to
meet with a committee of four from the
Drivers' Union and endeavor to bring
about an amicable adjustment of the
trouble.
The committee met to-night and
agreed upon a basis of arbitration. The
proposition will be submitted to a vote
of the men on both sides to morrow
and it is said that the result probably
will be an agreement to settla every
thing by arbitration.
INCIDENTS OF THE STRIKE.
While the courts havje;been inclined to
permit peaceful' . picketing. Chief
O'Neil's orders, tend' to/prohibit picket
ing of any' kirtd* around the houses of
mourning-.- He declared to-night that,
fn his opinion, no court would be found
which would fail to sustain an act of
such evident necessity and propriety as
that contemplated by the Police De
partment.
EFFORTS TOWARD PEACE.
CHICAGO, Dec. . 21.— Picketing of
houses from which funerals are to start
by the union livery drivers who went
on strike four days ago is to be pre
vented by the police, under direct or
ders issued to-night by Chjef of Police
O'Neil. J; A. Wadsworth, secretary,
and Charles Stevens, business agent of
the'Liverymen's Union, were summoned
before Chief O'Neil to-night and told in
decidedly plain language that any dif
ferences the union might have with em
plbyers would have to be settled "away
from the houses of mourning.
Chl.ef O'Neil to-night issued a general
order to all the inspectors of police. He
Instructed the commanding offices to
accompany- funerals, : If circumstances
seemed to require it, to see that the last
rites over.' the '.dead were in no way in
terfered, with. V
ROME, Dec. 21.— To-night's Osserva
i tore Romano, the Vatican organ, pub
' lishes an important document signed
by the Pope on the_ action, of the Cath
olic laity, which is said to be. rendered
necessary by the proceeding of the
recent Catholic congress at \ Bologna,
which showed such opposite tlndenctea
of the Catholic Conservatives- and the
Catholic Democrats. ' . ;
His Holiness remarks that divergent
views in field practice easily cause "di
vergencies in that theory so essential
to the strengthening of the principles
which must direct Catholic action. .. The
document quotes nineteen articles and
rules taken from the encyclicals of; the
late Pope Leo on the subject of instruc
tions to congregations, . the following
being the most important: - .
"Christian Democrats • nrost entirely
abstain in Italy from participating in
any political actions, which in ••- th?
present circumstances and for reasons
of a;very high order are Interdicled.*.'
Thus the Pope destroys -all hope a M
tertained by the Liberal, elements. In
the Catholic"party* that. they would be
allowed to participate . In the political
life of the country. "'
Other important rules mentioned are
for the direction of Catholic writers-,
who must abstain from antagonizing
the \-iews of the Holy See on leading
subjects. They must sumbit all writ
ings concerning religion, Christian
morals and natural ethics to the cen
sorship of their Bishops, and they are
constrained to do this even in the case
of publications on mere technical sub
jects. In . the case of differences of
opinion* among Catholics, instead of
making these differences public In the
newspapers they must submit them to
the ecclesiastical authorities, who will
pass upon them. ,
These rules have greatly dampened
the enthusiasm of those who hoped that
the present pontificate would be more
liberal than the last one.
A meeting of the Baptist Ministers* ,,
Union took place at the Young Men's]
Christian Association building yeater- ;
day, when \ the ' Rev. A. W. Rider of j
Oakland delivered a book review on
Harlan P. Beach's "Atlas j and Geogra- '
phy of Missions." The address of the'
morning was delivered by the Rev. H.
J. Vosburgh of Oakland on "Topical
Preaching."
•A' meeting of representative ministers
of varfrms denominations was held at |
the rooms of the*Young Men's Christian 1
Association yesterday afternoon, when
the question of federated evangelistic
work in San Francisco, originally con
sidered when the Rev. Dr. J. Wilbur
Chapman was In the city the early part j
of. this month, was under deliberation;
It was decided to issue a' general call \
for a * meeting to be made • up of one
minister and" one layman from each
evangelical churah of the city, next
Monday afternoon. December, 28, at 3
o'clock} at the Young Men's Christian ,
Rev. Dr. Pond read a paper on '
"Questions for Information Concerning
Evolution" before the Congregational
Ministers yesterday. - i
President Tlev. J. K. McLean. D. D.; vice
presidents Rev. S. H. Willey, D. D.. George
W Merston Leander S. Sherman, Robert D. *
Fo'rman James M. Haven; secretary. Rev. W. j
C Pond D D. • treasurer. William Johnston.
Board of directors— Itev. George Mooar. Rev.
Joseph Uowell. Professor C. S. Nash. Professor
W C. Day. Rev. Jee Gam, Rev. J.'E. Warren
anfl Rev. B. X>- Hale. j
GOING TO MISSION. FIELD. j
.The regular executive meeting of the
Occidental board was held yesterday
morning and an appeal was made to
friends of the board to donate turkeys
and all the good things that sro to make
a Christmas dinner. Tne appeal was
made in behalf of the girls of the mis- j
sion, 820 Sacramento street, where bas- .
kets will be thankfully received. :
Among the ladles of the board present
were Mrs. Cyrus S. Wright, Mrs. D. W. ;
! Horsburgh. Mrs. I. M. Condit, Mrs. H.
j L. King, Mrs. L. M. Kelley, Mrs. P. D.
Brown. Mrs. E. G. Frisbie, Mrs. J. G.
Chown, Mrs. J. B. Roberts and Mrs.
F. M. Slone. >
News came to the Occidental board,
yesterday of the acceptance of Miss
Jean Mackenzie as a missionary to .
West Africa.
As soon, as the news was received
the Occidental board resolved to adopt
Miss Mackenzie a-'d hopes that she
will be sent out to her distant field un
der the auspices of the First Presby
terian Church, with which her father
was so long associated.
During the session of the executive
meeting of the Occidental Board Miss.
Donaldina Cameron repaired to St. Louis
alley, where a young girl named Kum
Ho/ a elave, was rescued and taken to
the mission. J
There was a committee meeting and
annual meeting of the California Chi
nese Mission of the Congregational
church at the Young Men's Christian
Association yesterday morning and aft- .
ernoon.
It was resolved to sell the present '
site of the mission in Berkeley for $2750.
The : current expenses of the mission, it
was said, amounted to 513,476. The
board has under its jurisdiction nine
teen missions and twenty schools for
Chinese and Japanese and the enroll- i
ment of pupils shows 1283 scholars, j
About sixty of that number had pro- '
fessed Christianity during the year.,
E. B. Burpee of E*.ngor, Me., has been
contributing $100 annually and in or-'
der to secure an income to the mission ¦
work he 'has handed stock over to the !
board valued at $2000.
I ELECTS OFFICERS FOR YEAR.
The following officers were elected for j
the ensuing year: ¦ J
"This insane record of this State isap-
. palling and puts California as a State
near or at the head of the list," said
the Rev. E. R. Willis yesterday when
addressing the Methodist ministers'
meetfng at Epworth League Hall, on
"The History of Insanity and. the
Treatment of the Insane."
The Rev. Mr. Willis is pastor of the
Centenary Methodist Episcopal Church,
Napa, and takes great interest In the
welfare and care of those who are men
tally afflicted.
He gave a brief survey of the man
agement and the workings of the five
hospitals for the insane in California,
and among the causes responsible for
the large percentage of insane in the
State he declared from information he
had been given and from the results of
investigation -hat £he saloon is the ,
greatest source of insanity.
In the, five hospitals— Napa, Agnews,
Mendocino, Highlands and Stockton
there are, he said, t about 5600 insane
patients, about 3500* men arid 2100 wo
men. There were committed to the In
stitutions during the last year 1300 and
there had been 600 deaths, while 400
had been discharged as recovered. The
whole number treated during the year
was 6865.
During 1900 in New- York there was
one to 320 of the pbyulation insan?; in
Iowa the same year the records showed j
one to 667, and in California one to 281. j
Mr. Willis then turned to the nation- j
ality of the inmates, saying that all
countries of the. world were represent
ed, those showing the largest number
being: Canada, 151;' China, 304; Eng
land, 232; France, 136; Germany, 622; •
Ireland, 722; Italy. 130; Norway and
Sweden, 184, and Scotland, 65.
The address was listened to with deep •
interest and created a profound im
pression.
Rev. M. Bercowitz delivered an ad- i
dress before a meeting of the Presby- j
terian Ministers' Club yesterday, his j
subject being "Missionary Activity of
Judaism."
There were among those present Rev.
James S. McDonald, in the chair, Rev. j
Frederick A. Doane, Rev. C. R. Cal- |
lender. Rev. Paul Stewart, Rev. W. J.
Tull, D.D., Rev. C. C. Herriott, Rev. J.
J. Sltton, Rev. James Wood worth and
Rev. R. Logan. •
The following officers have arrived
from Ord Barracks to take part in the
game and are the guests of the officers
of the post: Captains Willis Uline, Wil
liam Brooke, F. M. Savage, Thomas R.
Marker and B. H. Watkins; Lieuten
ants C. R. Elliott, Frank A. Awl, Ar
thur E. Boyce, Louis Farrtll. Frank S.
Burr. Charles E. Reese, W. E. Gilmore
and Alfred A. Hickox of the Fifteenth
Infar.tr>'. and Lieutenants Stephen W.
Winfree and C. Emery Hathaway of
the Ninth Cavalry.
Mrs. Harker. Mrs. Elliott, Mrs. Awl
and Mrs Boyce accompanied their hus
bands and are visiting friends in the
post.
The day's programme will conclude
with a grand ball in the post assembly
hall, which is' being gayly decked in
honor of the occasion.
The Thirtieth Infantry, which arrived
last week on the Sherman from Manila
and has been encamped at the Presidio,
fs now ready to depart for the East.
To-night four companies will leave.
Two companies will proceed to Arkan
sas in command of Lieutenant Davis,
The game between the officers of the
Firteeruh Infantry, from Ord Barracks,
and the post officers' team is expected
to show up some good work, as both
teams are in first-class shape.
The officials will be as follows: Ref
eree. Captain J. T. Nance, Ninth Cav
alry: judges. Captain J. W. Hinkley,
A. C: Captain E. O. Sarratt. A. , C:
Firf=t Lieutenant E. # .H. Rubottom,
Ninth Cavalry; timekeepers. First
Lieutenant W. Pilcher, Ninth Cavalry;
First Lieutenant G. S. Garber, A. C;
First Lieutenant J. L. Long. A. C; Sec
ond Lieutenant J. H. Howard, Ninth
Cavalry; Second Lieutenant J. O'Neil,
A. C. ; starter. Second Lieutenant J. V.
Kurnik, Ninth Cavalry; clerks- of the
course. Sergeant John H. Mitchell, L
Troop, Ninth Cavalry, and Corporal
Edward Keogh, Twenty-seventh Com
pany, C. A.: announcer. Corporal Jacob
Eastner. Twenty-ninth Company, C A.
OFFICERS EX JOY FCX.
Following is the programme:
Morning, beginning at 9— Preliminary
heatp. 100 yards dash: standing broad
jump; preliminary heats, 220 yards
dash: running high Jump, final heat,
100 yards dash; pitching Sibley tent;
final heat, 2^0 yards dash; relay race.
Afternoon, beginning at 2 — Baseball
cam*'. Presidio vs. Ord Barracks (offi
cers).
Beginning to-day at the Presidio, by
order of the commanding officer.
Colonel Morris, all duties will prac
tically be suspended until January 2.
1904. excepting the necessary guard and
fatigue, as ir customary during the
holiday season.
The regular monthly field day will be
held to-day. The different events will
be of a particularly interesting nature
and will begin at 9 a. m. The Ninth
Cavalry will play an important feature
in the proceedings, and as it has been
away all summer and has had no op
portunity to take part In the preceding
events, it is expected it will add great
ly to the exercises in which }t is sched
uled to figrure.
These athletic exercises are deemed
a military duty, and failure or neglect
therein is the same as any other mili-~
tary neglect or failure. Consequently,
all those who take part enter into the
different, events with as much vigor
and earnestness as any of their other
military duties.
The booming of great cannon in the
vicinity of the Golden Gate last night
about S o clock startled many residents
of the city, to whose homes the thun
ders of the guns reached. The firing of
heavy ordnance after nightfall is an un-
UFual occurrence here, and there were
many inquiries as to what the dis
charging of the rifles meant.
Night target practice at Fort Baker
was in progress. Every vessel that
passed within ranjre of the powerful
searchlight on the bluff, looming black
above the line of churning breakers,
was made an object of assault by the
rifles. But the guns were only at play,
like sportive tigrers with claws sheathed.
No projectiles were in the shells used.
When a peaceful schooner captain,
beatinp up or down past the fort, sud
denly found himself -in the glare of the
far-reaching light and simultaneously
h^ard the bark of one of the engines of
death on the biuff, he may have had a
chill and feared some mistake had been
made as to the identity of his craft.
If so, absence of any evidence of a
projectile landing near probably reas
sured him. .". . !
Every craft that the swinging search
lipht ferreted. out on the tossing sur
face of the sea for a certain interval
was "fired" at. Fifteen shots were dis
charged in all.
Later on a target I— -iy be, fixed and
projectiles used.
SPORTS AT THE PRESIDIO.
An '.Unexpected Fall on the
Road Causes the Disastrous
Discharge of the Weapon
Board of Arbitration Steps in
With View to Arranging
Settlement of Differences
Fifteenth Infantry Officers Ar
rive From Ord Barracks to
Take Part in Post Sports
Chinese Slave Is Rescued by
f Miss Donaldina Cameron
Occidental Board in Session
His Holiness Desires All Ex
pressions on Ecclesiastical,
Subjects to Be Censored
YOUTH'S JAW FRACTURED
HOLIDAY TIME AT PRESIDIO
WRITERS MUST BE CAREFUL
PEACE 3IAY BE ARRANGED
GIVES ALARMING FIGURES
Christian Democrats Are Ad
vised That They Must Give
Support to Religious .Matters
Blank Shots Fired From Fort
Bakor at Passing Craft Fer
reted Out by Searchlight
Hunting Trip of 31endocino
County Youngsters Is Marred
by a Very Serious Accident
Rev. E. R. Willis Considers
Record of Patients in the
Hospitals Is Appalling*
Police Notify the Strikers That
There Shall Be No More Inter
ference With! the Funerals
POPE FROWNS
ON POLITICS
SHOT SHATTERS
A BOY'S FACE
MUST RESPECT
CHICAGO'S DEAD
ASYLUMS HOLD
MANY INSANE
CANNON BOOM
AT NIGHT TIME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,- TUESDAY, DECEMBER 22. 1903.
11
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Liebig Company's
great grazing farms in Uru-
5 guay cover 1,100 square
| miles, where 145,000 cattle
j fatten. It is by far tho lar-
j gest company in the world
< making concentrated beef
j foods only, and the principal
| product of this immense
; factory is tbe world known
blue signature brand,
j Iiiebig- Company's
Extract of Beef
The Kind You Have Always Bought has borne tho signa-
ture of Ch.is. H. Fletcher, and has been made under his
personal supervision for over 3O years. Allow no ono
to deceive you in this. Counterlcits, Imitations and
'* Just-as-srood '* are hut Experiments, and endanger tho
health of "Children— Experience against Experiment.
What is GASTORIA
Castoria is a, harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Pare-
goric, Drops and Soothing- Syrups. It is Pleasant. It
, contains neither Opium, Morphine nor other Narcotic
substance. Its age is its guarantee. It destroys Worms
and allays Feverishness. It cures Diarrhoea and "Wind
Colic. It relieves Teething- Troubles, cures Constipation
and Flatulency. It assimilates tho Food, regulates tho
Stomach and Bowels, giving healthy and natural sleep.
The Children's Panacea— The Mother's Friend.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
j& Bears the Signature of ¦
. In Use For Over 30 Years.
TMt CENTAUR COMPANY. TT HIUKH»»«TSttT, HtWYOBrt CITV.
A CALENDAR I I FREE TO READERS
ART PICTURE = 0F ™
PAH IQH4 I l\\ I'--'*
FOR 190 1 • I I ....VHLI
... .'.¦¦. ?. •.•¦-¦ ¦ - * ¦ ¦ • •
. , , , , . , , .
-•.¦• ' _ , -
? H W^ /& r> so 2/ u\M\t* !^?W<^>* .— "f^T |f\' 'A, £»!*£ *J £ %}i*£ IvvL'v^
\ M * I 2J ie rr is X9i<joi Mfctf? &\M\a:\zf Z9,j<*.xr * M .>
• . \ 1 — - — : : — _J
; "LADY IN RED."
A Striking Girl in Red. A Rich Calendar in Three Colors.
- • ,*¦".*-•
j — T~~ N NEXT SUNDAY'S SUPPLEMENT THE CAUL secured, for Its
1 exclusive use, the richest, most expensive and novel New Year's '
I " feature that has ever been offered by a newspaper to its readers.
¦ "A 1904 GiiT' Is one'of Bryson's last productions In pastel,
' ¦ ' portraying a decidedly chic figure In dashing colors, effecting a
. study that has in itself a distinct character. .
This will doubtless outlive this celebrated artist's former efforts, judg-
ing by the opinions expressed by art critics, who all have agreed that It
.' • is one of the finest of modern stndies from life. The picture Is panel shape
¦ • • with dark background, surrounded by an artist's sketch of the months of
the coming year, being furnished on heavy paper of the best quality, size-
. 10^x15 inches.. .. .-
• • * IMPORTANT* TO BEAR IN MIND— That it is absolutely impossible '
, to estimate the exact number that will be necessary to supply the demand,
; and as these art supplements are manufactured for The Call by its Eastern
printing house, if you are not at present a regular subscriber, you arc likely
to be disappointed unless your newsdealer, carrier or this office is In-
_ , ; \ / ' structed in advance to reserve for you, as we are oblige*! to order In advance.
•> NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL ••
Read The Daily Call— Greater San Francisco's Greatest Paper.Off Port for .Three Days.
The British bark Zinlta, ¦ which • came Into
Only 11 per cent of the • families -of
London .employ a servant; . but there
are 205,858 persons of the servant class.
The pretty pilot boat Lady Mine dragged
her anchor and drifted on. the breakwater at
Mciggs wharf early yesterday morning, but
was towed Into, deep water by one, of Crow
ley 1 * launches before any eerious damage was
sustained. _
Pilot Boat Lady Mine Ashore.
The Time Ball on| the tower of the"Ferry
building; was dropped exactly at- noon to-day—
I. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or nt 8 p
m.; Greenwich time. - J. C. ¦ BURNETT,
Lieutenant ,U. B. X.. In charge.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydroirraphle Office. U- B. N- Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco Cal
December 21, 1903. .. -
Th» steamship Farallon, which 'arrived yes
terday at Seattle, had on board the paesen-
Rers of the steamer Amur, which left Skajr
xiay December 13 and ran on Harbor Itei«f St
the «>ntrence of Port Simpwm on December
14. The Amur was pulled off at high water
hut in the operation brcke her tall shaft. Her
Bottom Is sail to have been badly damaged
Steamship Amur In" Tronble.
TUESDAY. DECEMBER 22.
Sun rises ¦•-, 7:22
Sun sets 4:53
Moon sets 8:->5 p. m.
iTlmei x ITiine! Time ITiine| • o
! Ft. I Ft Ft. i Ft. £
H W| |L Wj H W |L \V , p
22 I 2:44' n.0| 7:251 3.21 l:20|. 5.0J 7:31| O.I
23 3:20| «.oU:18| 3.2(2:00 4..'. 8:25 . 0.4
24:1 3:31j R.0[ 9:21| 3.O| 2.40 4.1J »;05 O.S
25 4:28 5.0 10:251 2.7 «:49 3.816:01-1.2
28-5:03 5.2 11:25. 2.3 5:0S 3.6 10:40 1.6
27 6:41 6.2 12:14 l.fl«:2-1 3.fi;ll:S2!' 2.0
28 '6:22 B.3|.l:0S| 1.3 7:42|- 3.7|.....|
NOTE. — In the above exposition. of tb« -tides
the early mornlns: tides are gi\Tn~ In the. left
hacd column and tbe , successive tidea of the
day in the order of occurrence as to. time: the
fourth time column rives the la*t tidVof!the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometime* occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except xvhen a minus f— )
slsn precedes the height, and then the number
given la subtracted from the depth riven by
the charts. . The plane of reference Is the mean
of tb^ lower low waters.
Another ITIokmcrs Overdue.
Once again the name IMclcmers appears on
the overdue list. Tha Cerman ship Willy
nickir.crs, cut 1S7 days from Rnngoon for
Brercen. is quoted for reinsurance at 10 per
cf.nl. l-ssfed Asrersion October 15. The
Briuab bark I.ady WoUeley, which was posted
yesterday, alto at 10 per cent, was spoken
Octobtr 2 in latitude C r.orth. longitude 27
wrsJ. £b» is cut 124 days from Plsagua for
Harrow-. .The British ship Alice A. Leigh
ituoted at 10 ner cent *n<l tour.d here . from
NeT.xastle, Aus.. yesterday put Into Hono
lulu. Of th<» three vessels posted on the
:trencth of the typhoon through which the
HritiEh rhip Kensington passed, only the ¦ W
.1. Pirrie remains on the board. She Is still
qur.ted at .t>er cent. The Paris Is quoted
at C<> per cent end the OHvebar.k stands at 23
Iier cent. /
The fterimer Alair.eda, which sailed on Patur- |
dav for Honolulu, carried an assorted merchan
dise raiRo. valued at $207,5Sl). and Including the
r,5 bbls flour, 75- ctls ivliPat. 13.C0S lbs mi<l
<31i"gF JO.WJO lbs bran, 87 ctls corn, 20 ctls oata,
251:1 pkxs naval stores (valued nl SW.O'X'), fir#s:i
lbs fresh meat, 1^31 lbs 25 cs dressed poultry,
js.Il lbs 10 pkjts fre?h fish. 42 pUss oysters, 132
bxs pafitp. 1O.3S0 lbrt butter, TiSTO lbs 2 cf..
cheese, 4«'» cs e^gs. 20.SOO lbs ham and bacon,
2658 pkgs fresh fruits, 227-pl:ars frexh x-egeta
>les, 1060 pkgs potatoes. 2ef. pkgs onions. 28M
lbs ralein*. S'-IJl lbs C pkgs dried fruit, ' 470 <:«
canned goods. .5Si> pkgs groceries and pro
visions," T,ra ga'ji ol cs wine. CS97.
lrm rirkd -flsh. 11 cs mineral water,
•530 lbs tea 21 cs liquors, 30 bbl«
beer 0S12 lbs 16 cs meals, 25 cp ralad oil, 240S
lbs beans. '14f2 lbs nuts. S053 lbs 24 cs bread,
301 gals vinegar. .V) cs blasting powder, 11, 0S»
lbs lartl, W.nuO lbs corTee. 11.J10O lbs sugar. 8750
lbs salt. 2392 lbs 27 pkgs enndy. 1531 lbs glu
ecm ir> 400 lbs codfish; 3- tales rice,, 200 cs 16
pkgs salmon, 424 lbs"2« cs chocolate. 32.037. lbs
.'!l pkgs manufactured tobacco,' 02' cs drugs and
tundrt??. ' H>2 pkgs dry Roods. 140 cb boots and
thoes 37 cs hats. 20 cs candles, 03 cs 10 bbls
oil. 404S lbs rosin, 20 bbls bluestcne. 43 pkgs
millwork. 8.1. pkgs wire. 10 . cs. turpentine, 2.H2
pkgs paper. 2^5 b«les paper bags. 32 bdls leather,
OS pkR?. machinery, 20 bxs naile, SOU lbs c<Tp
per. IS rigs tin, vt pkRs bicycles and parts. S4
pkgs paints. 5 cs arms and ammunition, 2.*> bbls
tar. 13 pkps oKricultural Implements, ]Sij bxs
soap, 12,207 lb« eoda. 448 bars 25 bdle iron,'71\
bam 8 bdli eteel, 14 pkgs saddlery. 7S6» lb* eo
ccanvt meal. 30 bdls shooks, ss pkg/i wagon ma
terial. 1U I'kgs electrical supplies. 4S es matches,
25 pen 4 bdls, ripe, S6 boiler tubes. :•
The sc,hcdiier Aloha was cleared yesterday for
Honolulu with an assorted cargo, valued at
$30,492, and Including the following: ;¦ . % •
1300 ¦ bbls flour, 17S7 ctls bgrley, 711 bales
hay, 110 ctls oatf," 221 ctls corn, 00,046. lba
bran, 43,051 Its middlings. 148 ctls wheat. 676
ce fiO' bbls salmon. v S950 -lbs beans. 1125 lbs
dried peas." 75 bxs paste." SA r>kgs groceries and
proviFinns, 134f» lbs 3 • cs meale. - 707 »lbJi ¦ dried
fruit, 1704 cals vinegar, 120 lbs chocolate," 10 cs
table. preparations, :ioi7, Ib3 chicory, 11.045 Jbs
bread. 8000 Ib3 lard, 816 cs canned goods 21 -¦
950 lbs -sugar, 11D.3C0 lbs Bait, 750 lbs hops,'
4.S27 lbs coda. 1120 lbs starch. 701 bxs. soap. 20
cs bootc and sho^s, 1»> ca hata.- 10. qs cham
pagne. 10 cs brandy,- R cs blackberry" brandy S3
ca wine, £0C lbs grease. S3 .pkgs 'paints and oils.
Evports for Honolulu.
Sun, 'Moon and Tide.
Ignited States Coast and Geodetic Suney—
Time and Height of Hlzh-and Low Waters
' at Fort Point, entronc* to ! San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
XOTE.— The high and low waters occur «i
the cltv front <M!sslon-Ftreet wharfl. about 25
mSnut/s later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is th» tame at both -places.
FROM SEATTLE. .
" Steamer. v For I Sails.
\>lencla Bka^way direct .^.....ID.c. 2S
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Hec. 28
Dolphin Skanway & Way Ports.|U?c. LT>
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.pan.. 1
Tlis btc Biitlfh freisl'tT Oanfa, which ar
rived Sunday 'from the Orfent with a larce
cargo fcr th» Occidental and Oriental Steam
ship Conir«r>y. 1« -dlsch-irKing; her frflifht at
th»; Pacific Moil wharf v.ith all possible dis
patch. Fh" has o.n board. 149 Chln'se passen
gers bool:ed to Victoria. If the Oanfa finishes
unloading so as to leave here in time to reach
Victoria before the. end of the year she will
carry li»r Chinese !,a«Pr.j:rrs with her. In
ihf-oKiit rf d»lsy. however, the steamship
company must transport the C»l<»stia!3 hy some
nth»r lin". as after Oec.-mber :>»> a/ head tax of
f.V,K> will be ini'ioswl upon Chines? enterinje
<;ana<Ja, and th» Oanfa's passpngers Fhipped
upr;«r an arretir.ent which srunranteed their
delivery vrltbin th*> British lines before the
tax became curative. ...
Oanfa Discharging Ilnpidly.
John Eldtch«tn«, a Falosman. em
ployed by Wc'.mor? Bros., commission
merchants. 415 Washington street,
was arrested yesterday by Detective
Bell on a warrant from Montieello
Napa County. He is accused by e!
Defoe of obtaining: money bv false
prefer.
Wanted In Montieello.
In addition to the cargo previously reported
tht ft*um« San Jose, which sailed on Saturday
f r r.-inama and way ports, carried merchandise
lor Mexico, valued at $301.1. and including the
fC "oo' i c n s S blu«tone.C2 pes 0 bdls-.iron. 21 pes
pipe 10 bOH 15 bars steel. 2 pkgs machinery.
•10 i.'Kic» frefh fruits. T.O Rals wine. "0 cs canned
Roods." 200 lbs tea. 3 pkgs provisions, 6 ceils
icpe Cia lbs starch. 1 cs arms and ammuni
tion, 7 bales bags, 12 pkgs paints and o.ls, 6
kegb nails. • . ; ' Xi?i
Additional Cargo.
Notice Is hereby given oT the following
chsrge in tlie fids to navigation In this
tftatrict. wJ-iich sfTf^tF rthe Lift of Lights and
F'« F1pr.»!s Parific Coast l'.iP.:;-
CLAHENCE .STHAIT. ALASKA. Guard Tsl
• r<3 L!?ht Ftation. rag* 4*i aft<r No. 221
(Mst of Beacons and Buoys. Pacific Coast,
ir<<v:. )>ag:e S*>)— On December' 1 a temporary
fixed white lens lantern light hjj established
or. tbe northerly point of th- north Guard
I*!ar<!. near the noitnern intranet to Ton
tass Narrov.s. Tl.e light is thown from a
temporary I'latforni 22 fest above the water
and will be riiwont'ru'ii aftor dun no'ice
whfn th« r>cr!jianf nt lipht is established •
Th» roUowla* cbance *Zocu the List of
TJceccris «nd Baoys. PaciT.c Coast. lOCa,
21OSARIO FTKAIT. WASHINGTON— B"lle
I?o^k Inioy a h!ark. flrFt-cIass can. msrked
"¦BfiJe n<x:k In whif. reported out cf ix>
fition November 11. was replaced Decem
ber 4.
By order of the LiKhthous«* Board.
C. C«. CAL&.INS. Commander. U. S. N
LfKht house inspector.
Xotic? to Mariners.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
December 23. .
nix-nl Willapa Harbor 4 pmlPier 20
r,J" Coos Bay direct... 12 m!Pier S
£"' n * Coos Bay direct... 12 m Pier 13
mSZni*"" Mendoclno City I pmlPier IS
Y^rJ Coo« B.-P. Orford.l 4 pmlPier IS
la China ft Japan. ...I 1 pmlPier 40
!• ..ink Pucet Sound Ports. Ill amlFier 3
VmatilU... December 23. | |
T?nnita ... Newport A- Way... ft am'Pier 11
N'ewburu .. Grays Harbor 4 pmlPier 1"
TCorth Fork. Humboldt 2 pro! Pier 20
laaua .... Grmvn Harlv,r 19 amiPIer 2
Iaqua December 24. | | •,
CUndauer. Grays Harbor 1 !Pler —
Pomona.... Humboldt fi :.",0 plFier 0
J Dollar... Seattle ft Tacoma. I ."« pmlPier 20
G W Elder Astoria *: Portlandlll amjPler 24
ChlnRWo.. HcnpkonK I 1 pmlPier 20
State Cal... San Dle«ro ft Way.. I » amlPier 11
Pomo Pt. Arena &. Alblonl fl pmlPler 2
Centralla-v. Grays Harbor . . . .1 4 pm!Pier 10
December 25. I I-
F. T>ggett.. Astoria ft Portland 110 am IPter 2
Eureka Humbnldt ..|'9 amjPier 13
December 26. | * |
Pt. Arena... Pt. Arena ft Mdcnol 4 pmlPSer 2
Barracouta. N. Y. via Panama. 112 mlPle'r 40
Rainier ! Seattle y& W'.iatcoml 4 pmlPier 10
W. Kruger..' T,os Angeles Ports. I 4 pm I Pier 2
S Monica.. | t^>^ Angeles Ports.! 4 pmlPier 2
S Barbara.. Los Ansre'es Ports. | 4 pmlPier 2
December 27. | |
Cooa Bay... Pan Pedro & Way. I 9 amlPier 11
Queen Pu^et Sound Ports. Ill amiPier fl
Spokane Humboldt ]t:30piPier 9
December 29. | I °.
Alliance Eureka & Coos Bayl 4 pm!Pler 1*
Columbia... Astoria ft Portiandlll amiPisr 24
December SO. | I
N. Maru.... China & Japan....) 1 pmlPier 40
Chlco Coqu'lle River I 6 pmlPler 2
' December 31. I I
Eeqiiola Grays Harbor 112 , mlPler 20
Sierra Sydney & Way 1 2 pm I Pier 7
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma.. |10 amlPier 2 ;
TO SAIL,.
JIattx'rs fo Interest to Mariners and
Shipping 3Ierchhnts.
The French bark I-a Bruyere (at Port Los
Adk"i-«) proceeds to Portland to load wheat for
Eu?ope-chart»red prior to arrival at 23s Od. .-
NEWS OF THE OCEAX.
A new Western Union cable tt.is laid yes
terday beneath the waters of the bay. The
Ppreckele tus Alert provided the power.
Diver Roach yesterday lecated the anchor
lost bv the steamshfo Serbia. .
Captain Nive'.le of the British ship -nest
cat? has resigned his command to become sec
rnd -officer of the Pacific Mail Company's
steamship City of PeWng. Th« WMKat* ar
rived hore May 27. lfM-2. While hta ship was
r*«tlr.B on Ameiioan mud at Sausalito the
Wrt of freedom was winging Its way Into
Captain Nivello's affections and a few _^^
am he abiured allegiance to King Edward
and swore fealty to the Stars and Stripes, un
der the protection of which his future sail
'"Tb^BrltuiTbark Inverness, which Je In the
«tream rca'ly for sea. hart a charter but no
crew the inverraul^. bUonrfns to thes same
owner, had part f ft crew but no charter.
Tlir- J-^ercauldfi remnant has been transferred
to the' Inverness, which will leave In a few
c-tv- The Invercauld will set a new crew
when tbe ship finds BomethinR tr. do. • .
ThV Pacific Mail Company's bl? l'.ner
Siieria 1 arrived yesterday- at Honolulu and
S - h^ O«i'drn e taf^Oriental Steamship Corn
pairs Doric will sail to-day for the Orient
with about 45 cabin passensers and a full
carto.
Water Front Notes.
Eddio Graney was recalled as a wit
ness in the damage suit of J. H. Mc-
Carty apr^inst the Horseshoers' Union
and Master Hor5csho?rs* Association
yesterday. In his direct examination
he testified that ho was present at the
meeting of the association when the
agreement between the union and the
employers w^as adopted. On cross-ex
amination it was brought out that the
resolution adopting the agreement was
not entered In the minutos on request
cf a committee from the union be
cause the members of the union feaxed
the internaliorftl body of horseshoers
•would -not sanction any such agree
ment.
No Kccos-d of Agreement.
The German Kosmos lln»r Ramses, which
left h-re November 8 for Hamburp. put into
CaJdera, Chile, yesterday, with her bunker
ccal on fire.
Blinker Coal on Fire.
port yesterday. PS days from Sydney, off
the heads for three" days, belngr unable to
ccme in on account of easterly winds and a
rough bar. In latitude 32 F.Mith, lonRltude
172 east, where the Zlrlta was on October
10. a gale was" encountered which lasted three
da;s.
BRITISH STEAMSHIP OANFA.
LARGEST TRAMP EVER IN
THIS PORT.
Steamer. I"rcm. j !
Aztec Tacoma . . . . I Dec. '.'"J
Cerstralla San Pedro |Dec. 1-
DelNorte.... Crescent City »|Dec. -'-
G. Dollar Grays Harbor I Dec. --
Rainier 'Seattle & Whatcom |Dec. Ti
Pomona Humboldt IDec. 'Si
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion. .. |u;c. r*
Tellus Ojster Harbor |Dec. 23
Euieka Humboldt IDec. 23
Acapuico New York via Panama. |Dsc. 2i
Queen Puget Sound Ports iDec. 2;!
Arctic Humboldt I pec. 21-
Coos Bay Sail Pedro & Way PortslDec. 24
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena.lDec. 2t
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Ports. Die. 2*
Edith.."...... Seattle Dec 25
Spokane Humboldt Dee. 25
K.Monica:... Grays Harbor | Dec. 25
Oresonlan.... New York iDec. 2«
S.Barbara... Seattl* & Olympia (Dec. 2K
Columbia Portland k Astoria IDec. 26
W. H. Kruger Seattle & Tacoma pec. 26
Ohlco CoqullI* River IDec. 2*5
Curacao Mexican Ports . . . j Dec. 27
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma iDee. 27
Alliance Portland A Way Ports 'Dec. 2i
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.lDec. 27
Chehalls Grays Harbor IDec. 27
Sequoia Grays Harbor IDec. 2S
City Puebla . . • Pujcet Sound Ports .... IDec. 2S
Siberia China <fe Janan IDec. 2«
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. IDec 2S
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way PortsjDec. 2S
Mnriposa... .. Tahiti '. 'Dec. 20
North Fork... Humboldt [Dec. 2t»
Peru Ne-iv York. via Panama. iriee. :?0
Rival Wfllapa Harbor IDec. r?l
G. W. Elder.. Portland *¦ Astoria IDec. 31
BALLARD — Arrived- Dec 21 — Schr Oceania
Vance, from San Dleco. ¦ • ' '""
KUREKA— Arrived Dec 21— Schr Mary
Dodge. ¦ hence Dec 16; stmr . Eureka, hence
Dec -JO. ; •- ¦ ¦. • ¦ '
¦ Sailed Dec 21 — Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco. ¦/"'¦-¦ ' •- '
ASTORIA— Arrived Dec 21— 8tmr Columbia,
hence Dec -19; stmr. Aberdeen, hence Dec 18.
Arrived Dec 21 — Br shlD Andorlnha, hence
Dec 8. "¦¦¦¦.
I'ORT LOS ANGELES — Sailed Dee 21— G«r
bark Octavia. ; for Seattle. ¦ ¦, • ¦ .
COOS BAY— Sailed Dec 21— Stmr Signal, for
San "l-'rnncisco. ¦
PORT TO WNSEND— Arrived Dec 21— Br
ship Crown of Denmark, hence. Dec 13.
BAXDON— Arrived Dec 21— Stmr Chic?.
h?nce Dec 10. ',.'.:
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Dec 21— Stmr Ka
tloral City, . h»nce Dec CO.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed ' Dec 21— Stmr
Acme, for San- Francisco. ¦ ¦ • . .
Arrived Dec ?.l — Stmr Chthalls, hence Dec 17.
TATOOSH— Passed out 'Dec 21— Ger *hlp
Alice, frcm Port Blakeley. for Dela/roa Bay,
Er ship Arlstomene, for, Valparaiso;, Br ship
Sardomene. • for Adelaide."' ¦ - '¦
ABERDEEN— Arrived Dec 21— Stmr. Cheha-
I!s. hence D«c 17. . . ¦
Sailed— Dec -l~ Stmr Acme, for. San Fran-
FORT HARFORD—Salled Deo - 21— Stmr
Cooa Bay. for Ran I Pfdro. .
SEATTLE — Arrived Dec 21— Stmr Farallon,
from" Skagway. - ¦...•¦
. Arrived I>ec 21-^-Stmr Centennial, hence 18.
\ TACOMA— Sailed Dec 21— Br ship Arlsto
mene. for •¦ Valparaiso. ' .-.-
WESTPORT— Arrived -Dec, 21— SJmr Weet
port, hence Dec -20. ¦ ' '.' ' l '
Sailed Dec ai— Stmr Westport, for Eureka.
- ; ISLAND PORT. ,
HONOLULU — Arrived Dec 21— Strar Siberia,
from China and Japan. .for San Frandsco;_-B»
slilp Alice "A r.rith. bound from Newcastle,
Australia, for San Francisco, put. In; cause as
yet not known. . < - « .. .. .
• ~ --: EASTERN PORTS. ; ; ' ., V. A
NEW YORK— Arrived Deo 19— Br •tmr 8t
Hurbert, from Antofagasta. . • -
Sailed Dec -20 — U S . stmr KUpatrlck. for
Manila; . Br- stmr Braemar. for Manila.
! • " . FOREIGN PORTS. -
8HIELDR— Sailed Dec 18— Br shlp-Routen
burn. for ' Ean Francisco. ¦'•
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed Nor 14— Br ship
Cromariyshlrc, for Oreiroo ; ¦; echr Ariel, for
Kahulul. Nov. 15— Ship .John' Ena, for Hono
lulu. ' Nov 26 — Bark St ; Jaraes,' for Honolulu.
. SYDNEY— Sailed • Nov 2ft rr Br ¦ ship Drum
craig. for San • Francisco. - '•. — .
GUAYMAS— Sailed D«c 19— Stmr Curacao.
. for -San Francisco.'- ••¦ ¦
SINGAPORE— Arrived Dec 21— Br itmr Ver
mont, from Portland and Victoria."
i FLUSHING — Arrived Dec ¦ 13— Br Btmr
Queen Alexandria, from Manila. ¦
CIIEMAINUS-^Arrlved Dec 21— Ger ehlp
Hydra. • froin Antofozesta: " -
VICTORIA.. BC— Sailed 'Dec il—Br«Unr
Danube; took new tailshaft and ¦ propeller to
Simpson' frr the. d l.«r bh d ' Pr; stmr'. Amur, v ,
¦' . OCEAN, STEAMERS.: V
j • NEW YORK— Arrived; Dec 21— Stmr Cltta
'-dl Milano. from ' Genoa: stmr' Zeeland, from
: Antwerp and Qiteenatown: stmr' Maine.- from
¦ Bremen :- stmr- Beljrravla, : from Hamburr Qec
5 . and. Boulogne.\ . • „.' /
GENOA — Arrived '.Dec; 21— Stmr'^Prinz Adal
bert, from Philadelphia and New York, via
Naples. . ., • ¦¦
CHERBOURG— Arrived < Dee - 21— SUnr " Kai
ser.: Wllhelm> II.. Irom -New. York/ via Ply-
I mouth, for -Bremen, and proceeded.
I NAPLES— Arrived Dec. 1^-Stmr Callfornlan/
f from. Leghorn and iNew "York." ; : .'
LEG.HORN— Arrived, Dec- 21— Stmr Rheln,
i from New York." ••'¦ ' '-; - •* " ' . j.
• HAMBURG— Sailed Dec 21r-Stmr Prln*es«in
Victoria Louise,, for New , York.* .-..", :
GLASGOW— Arrived Dec 10— Stmr Poiner
anian,' from -Boston. "¦>-¦ 'Dec? 21— Stmr : Sicilian,
from PhiladelDhia,- vla-St John*, N. F. ,
- Sailed 7 Dec la — Stmr Mongolian,, for New
York: stmr. Laurentlah.. for Et- Johns, N F.
: LONDON — Arrived -Dec 21 — Stmr Mlnneton-
DOMESTIC PORTS.
' POINT LOBOS, Dec 21. 10 pm— Weather
clear; wind NE, velocity 12' miles p«r hour.
telegraphic;
Monday. December 21.
Stmr-Bonlta. Gtelov/, 66 hours from San
Pedro and way ports.
Ptmr Despatch. I^evinson, 90 hours from
Columbia River, bound south; put in to land
passengers.
Stmr Newsboy. Adler. 42 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. 15 hours from Moss
Landing. t
•S;mr Sierra. Houdlette. 21 days l^i hours
from Sydney, via Honolulu 5 days 7 hours.
Stmr G C Llndauer, Allen. 4 days from
Portland, via As'ona o 1^ days. .
Srmr Empire, Macgenn 9 hours from Coos
Bay.
S?tmr Centralia, Ericsson, 30 hours, from
Iledondo.-
Htmr St»te of California, Thomas, 40 hours
from San Dieso.
Stn-.r Masgie, Corning, 4 hours from Half
moon Ray. . . *
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randall, €8 hours from
Portland, via. Astoria 51% feourl. - • ¦ -
Stmr Jas Dollar, Thwing, 100 hours from
Seattle.
Bark Palmyra, Peterson, 12% day« from
Port Gamble.
Br tark Zlrilta, McDonald, 8S days from
Sidney.
Bktn Tarn O'Shanter. Simmle, 13 days frorn
Columbia River.
Kchr Marj- C, CamribeU, 6 hours from Bo
dega.
Schr Resolute, Blum. 9 days from Fair
haven. \
Schr Compeer, Lapping, 13 days from Port
land. .
CLEARED.
Monday, December 21.
Stmr Spokan*,.. Johnson, Eureka; Pacific
Coast Steamship Co.
Schr Aloha, Fry. Honolulu; Williams, Dl
mend & Co.
SAILED. . ,
Monday. December 21.
Stmr Despatch, Levihson, San Pedro.
Stmr Pnekane, Johnson, Eureka,*
Stmr ¦ Maggie. Corning, Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Hcmer. Donaldson, Grays Harbor.
Schr' Onward. Thomas, CoquHle River. *
Pchr Aloha. Fn\ Puget Sound. ..
Schr Robert Lowers,' Underwood, Grays Har
bor and Honolulu. • • ¦ '
Pohr Glendnle. Lunvaldt. Astoria.
Ger schr Diana. Warners,- Panape and
Jaluit.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
110 cs matches, 10 pkgs paper, HZ> cs mineral
water.
T. Smith, a passenger booked from
Sydney to Auckland, developed insan
ity before reaching his destination and
had to be restrained. Smith is a man
of means and companionable under
normal conditions. He appeared .all
right when he boarded the liner, *but
one night he mounted to the bridge
and told Second Officer Dawson to
change the course, as ne had orders
from Gcd to sail the Sierra to heaven.
Dawsan, thinking the man, was joking,
raid he guessed he would wait until
he got Captain HouGlette's orders.
Without warning. Smith struck the
navigator in the face, felling him to
the deck. The now ravine: maniac was
quickly seized and safely secured in
his stateroom. He' was left at Auck
land to be returned to Sydney on the
Sonoma.
The Sierra's passengers included the
following named:
From Evdr.ry— M. Gibb*. Mrs. M. Gibb*.
Vr- V T* Bonnu", G- W. Bpardsley. F.
HaTi-n 1 Mri Hallcn. F. R. Kron; Master
PH 1 ci-nmons A H. Mumcll Tx-vfno. J. W.
lino, Klder WJ I>- Moore. Mn-. E. I^khead.
W.r? Thomas Numan. I>. Kel'.fr. Mrs. L>.
K i.v A. Mar^hman. Mrs. f H . JucW Inc.
Mtri C Mcrsan. Mrs. Loyer. Mi*. U. Fischer.
\V <• McCallum. Miss E. R. CuUs W. H.
Finlypon an.l wife and fix children. J. Ken
nody and nif.. Mlw Faullne Kennedy^
From Auckland— I.-ie-utfnar.t Hltchle^R. N.,
II M. Benj^TT-in. 11. BrthcllJ H . E. Bedding
tm C F. lorottB. H. Ble-Io'v. Mi.-s Col««, I..
Iferctoll. Mi*. Beddinsirr Ml*i UMdlngton.
Mtaa l'au!in« Kr.z. H. Imr.ur.ch,. Mrs. U M.
<-lerti.n G^orKe Te^icr. Mr?. TeFBi»r. Mrs.
B V"t»wart. W. Robert-. J. V>\ Worknard,
I)'l>' I>uncan, R. Jackson. Rev. Fatheo'EKan,
XV. B. Hassan. W. H. Naytel, J. L*wfs, Mrs.
From Tago rngo — Dr Raytr.tnd SDear. Wi\-
Jiam Stewart. Ed Ft»pb»n». Dennis Drlscoll.
N Nobuyophi. Alrx Willis, Mr?. Willis, Remis
Sodal Benrtn Oithmark.
From Honolulu— II. H. Scovll, C. T. I/lttle
lolm. Miw M. Buckley. Mrs. J. P. S^itzer.
Master Koltr-er, U. U'»ckwltz. Miss I. Fpltzer,
I. BaMastelB, Mre. H. D. BeverMff*. U. I;.
J!c< andless. H. C. Kellogg. Captain T. O.
Taylor. Miss I-. Taylor. Miss G. Taylor. D. E.
Miic5. 5i<Jn^v J^u!r. E. P. Dole, Mr«. Anna
Thorr.su 'J. A. Howard, Mrs. G. A. Howarri,
.1 P Hrfcn, Mrs: H. M. Macfarlano Jr.. M-h.
J T. Flyr.H. Miss C. L. Schluetcr. H. i VT.
Tortt Mrs. JI. W. l'oett, F. L. Shoup. Mrs.
T <• Brags M. t>. Smith, Mr». L. II. Rlchejr,
\v h Little, \V. K. Koir. J. M. Short, T. W.
Wiliiarr.B. IS. W. S. Schlueter. ¦'.,.-'-.
arrived yesterday from Australia, came
up from Honolulu in 5 days 7 hours.
She brought 1200 tor.3 of freight and
a large number of passengers. Whe
cargo included 1000 bales of wool,, the
first shipment that lias come this way
for 'a long time. Among the passen
gers were some prominent colonials and
many tourists. Lieutenant Ritchie of
the British navy traveled from Auck
land en the liner and Dr. Raymond
Spear of the United States navy came
on the Sierra from Pago Paero.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
ner Sierra, Captain Houdlette, whlvh
ka, from "New York. »
VENICE— Fail-d Dec 21— Stmr Pocahontas,
for New York. . „ ,
PLYMOUTH— Sailed Dec 21— Stmr Pennsyl
vania, from Hamburg:, for New York.
Ink stands, gold pens, desk pads, lap
tablets, desk sets, desk calendars and
blotters for Christmas. Sanborn, Vail
* Co.
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
The suit of George A. Pierce, hus
band of the defeated platntlff, was then
placed on trial and a jury was impan
eled. The taking of testimony will be
resumed this morning. Mr. Pierce -isks
for $37,146 damages for personal Inju
ries received in the same collision.
Peter F. Dunne, counsel for the
Southern Pacific Company, achieved a
signal" victory over D. Mi Delmas and
H. C. McPike yesterday in the United
States Circuit Court in the case of
Evelyn J. Pierce vs. the Southern Pa
cific Company. The Jury presented a
sealed verdict in favor of the defend
ant. " The suit was brought to recover
$30,000 damages ' for injuries received
by Mrs. Pierce on July 11, 1300. in a
collision at Gibson's switch, Shasta
County, while she was a passenger on
a Southern Pacific Railroad train. This
was the second trial, the jury having
disagreed upon the first trial.
Mr. McPike opened the' argument on
behalf of the plaintiff and Mr. Delmas
was 4.0 . close, the court having limited
the time for the argument on both
sides. Mr. McPike became so interest
ed In the argument that when he had
concluded twenty-five minutes was all
the time remaining for Mr. Delmas,
and when Judge Hanford called "Time"
Mr. Delmas rud just got to the end of
his introductory.
Miss Kathcrine Radigan presided at
the piano and Miss Violet Johnson
played a number of violin selections.
Sister Suoerior Dolores was in charge
of the entertainment, assisted by sis
ters of the order. The distribution of
the toys v. as made by tho sister su
perior and the following clergy: Rev.
Fathers McAuUffr. Hanr.igan. llc-
Quaide, Kennedy. Prendergast, Demp
tey. Nugent, Stark, Redchan and Borg
hlr.o.
The arrival of Santa Clar.s and th3
showinsr of a monster Chrisrmas tree
loaded with presents brought a volume
of ehccrir.g from the children.
The tree was lighted with electric
plobes and the stage was ;:iled high
with toys and. presents cf all kinds.
Every child was presented with a toy
and a box of candies and the little ones
had good cause to remember lhe Yule
tide of 1902.
"Tho Birdies' Hish Tea" was a de
liphtful conception, the little children
being dressed in imitation of birds.
¦"The Moonbeams'* was a dainty little
operetta ar.d rvas charmingly played.
The principal number of the pro
gramme war. a drama, entitled "Heien's
Drran:." It portrayed the Irirth of
Christ as shiwn to a little sirl In a
vision as a regard for virtue und good
condact. The play was cleverly pre-
PDnted. wi;h splrndid costumes and
ringin?: and the vision of th<? birth of
the Savior was a perfect stair™ picture.
Archbishop Montgomery then ad
dressed the children and guests, paying
a tribute to the Sifters of tbe Holy
Family for the good entertainment pro
vided. The Archbishop said that great
irood would result if the pirbile had an
opportunity cf seeing what the* sisters
had accomplished with the little chil
dren, especially that portion of the
public that was prone to ?pcndh:g large
ruins of money to \citne=3 doubtful
plays.
The Alharabra' Theater -was' «T0Tvded
to its caracity and a rierslng pro
pramrr.e was presented for the edifica
tion of the children. There -sere pretty
plays, tableau, singing and dancing
anfl the manner in xrhlch the plays
v.ere ftaped ref.sctrd the preatet:t credit
on the Filters wh* superintended the
production.
One thousand children were marie
harry yesterday afternoon at the
rhristTttas tree festival held at the A!
hambra Theater by the Sisters of the
Hoiy Farrnly, who are in charge of the
Fpv.ing:. afternoon, and kindergarten
r]asses of the order.
He Gets 'as Far as Introduction
and Is Stopped Through
McPike Using the Time
Music, Song, Dance and Plays
Are Presented for Edifica
tion of Thousands of Tots
DELMAS- IS CHOKED OFF
MANY OF CLERGY PRESENT
Liner Gomes From Honolulu in Five Days and Seven
Hours---She Brings Many Passengers From Aus
tralia and Cargo Includes a Big Shipment of Wool
Beats Thirty-Thousand Damage
Suit Against the. Railroad
Brought by Evelyn J. Pierce
Christmas Tree Festival Is
Given at Alhambra Theater
by Sisters of Holy Family
PRESENTS MAKE
CHILDREN GLAD
SIERRA ARRIVES FROM THE ANTIPODES
AFTER A SUMMER-WEATHER PASSAGE
DONNE SCORES
A BIG VICTORY
THE .SAN FRANCISCO ¦' CALL, .TUESDAY. DECEMBER 22, 1903.
12
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
A mint lewve aim art* <t .» «• to »rr> vo *t
(Mala Llac, Foot of Market Street ) y —
!.»»»¦ — F»'>a NoYK^auB >j. imm. — AniT j
~7.00a VncaTliltf. Wtater*. ltatnaey 76l»
74JJ* Bentda. Sulsaa. Klminud S»or»-
mentu . . y je.
7J0a T»1>;o. S»p«. CaiUtaic"! 'SanU
... , I!om, MirtUM, S« namaii 6.2S»
7.30* M:e«. L'Termore. Tracy. LatUrop.
Stock:<>a 725*
8-00* Sh»»t* likpre«— (Via Dtvtt),
VVtiiismt ifor n«r:l«t Spr!njr«),
Wll'.iw*. tiruu>. Ued Bla2.
Port!»od. Tacoma. Seattle 7. 55*
800* D»T«i.Wo.>'l;»nd. Kn'ctiu Laaii:az.
MHrysrlUe. Orovilla 7-5S»
833* Tort Costs. Jlartlnci. Antioci.
Bfroa. Tracy. Stocictoa. Xcir-
in A.i. Lot Uitaos. Mendot*.
Armona, Ilanronl. V Italia,
Port*rrtl!e 4^Sf
8 S8» Port Co'ta. Murtlnei. Truer. Lata-
rop. Modesto, Mercei. Fresno,
ficiiieu Junction, litatorii,
' VMalla, Daker-neM ..• 455»
¦ 8-30* Nile*, San Jose. I.tverraore. Stoclt-
! lou, (*Mllton>. lone. Sacramento,
Plac«r»llle. M*rv*vt:ie. CUlco,
•V Red Bluff 4.23F
t f 30* O«k<lale. Chinese. Jaraes'own. So-
• nor*. Tuolnmne and Angels 4 23f
! 9CS* Atlantic Express— Ogilen <na Eait. 11.25a
! 8304 BIrhmond. Martinez aud Way
• ' Stations S6Sr
innfl* The Overland Limited — Ogiifn.
! 1D0UA penTcr. Omabs. Chicago.....^*.. 8 23p
j 1000a Vallejo •• ••••• 1225*
1000a Los Ansroie* P*»senger - Port
Cost*. Martinez. Byroa. Tracy.
Lath.-Jpt Stockton. >!erced.
lUrmonil. Fresno. Goshen Junc-
tion. IMnfo'd. Lemoore, Vltalia.
Bakersflrld. i.n Ar*«lei« 7-?3»
! itXOn Hiiyword. N!!e«»nrt Way Statlont. 325i>
• A%0r Sacramento KlverStenmert... t11.00»
SJOp Benlcla. Winter*. Sacramento.
! Woodland. Knlgbta Landin*.
I .MarysyilJe, OroTlil« and way
stations .. ....... •••-*---.••..- Iw-oSa
fSOr Haywar-t.Nllesaod Way Stations.. / 55#
SOP Fort Costa, Martlaex. »V"».
Tracy. Luthrop. Modesto.
Merced. Fresno «Brt Way 8ta-
trnnsbe.TnadPort Cotta...^. ... 12 25*
| ISOf Murtlnei. Tracy. Stockton Lodi... 10.21k
4C0T M«rtlnex.S»ntUmou.ValleJo.>apa.
| C«llsto«t».S»nt«Ro«a... 1 .... ... 9 2a*
4 00r Nilea. TracT. 8tocktoa. Lodl ...... 425f
4 30r Haywanl. Nllea. Irtlngton. 8aa» t8 5sa
Jose. L!»ennor« I 111.65*
8 00i» 1Ue Owl Limited— Newm»n.Lo»
Banos. MenUow. Fres*o. Talara.
Bakerafleld. Lo« Angelea 8 55*
6.00r Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton '2?5'
t6 30p Haywnrd. SV.rn and fian Jo»« '•'»*
S.00V Hayward. X!lesanU6»n.los« 9.S5a
1 fi.00r E»*tern Eiprea*— Offden. Denrer.
1 ¦ Omaha. St. Louis. ChJcauo and
Ea*t. Port C«*U Benn^ta, *u»-
son. Elmlr*. Da»is, 6a<;ram«nto^
Kocklln. Aubarn. ColMx,
Truckei*. Boci, Reno, Wads.
: worth, ¦vvinaemucc* ' 8 ?••»
! • CO* Vallejo. daily, except Sunday.... I 755,
7 00r Vallejo. SunUay only \
I *7 00p hlchraond. sa« Ph^Io. Port Cos:*,
Martlne* ai><1 Way Stations 1125a
8 OBr Oregon ft California Express— Sae-
: raraeoto. S!ary»Tllle. Redding.
¦ Portland. Poget Sound and East. 8-53*
! t.10* Hayward. Slles and San Jose (Sun-
dayonly> 1l-55»
COAST LINE (»»"•" ••»»?•).
I (Koot of Market 8tree:.) <
I 8.16a Newark. OenierTlire. San Jose,
: Felti.-n. Boulner Creek. SanU
Cruz and Way Stations 5-5>»
tf .16r Kewark. Centfrvllle. San Jose,
Kew Almodeb.Lo* Gato«.Felton,
Boalder Lr*ek. Santa Crus and
Principal Way Stations tiOSS*
i 4. 16* Newark. 8»n. lose. Los Gatos and » '3.55*
way stntiona » t10 65*
: «933r Hnntern Tr»!n, Saturday on'y. San
Jose and Way Stntioa*. Retarn-
! lojf from Lo« Gatos Snnrtav onl7- t7 2S> r
j OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
»roci6AN M>ANC1S>CU. t'oot of M«r«t Su (S:tp«»
— tT:1.1 9:0O 11;M)a.h. 1C0 3 CO 515 T.*
rrom OAKLAND. Koot of Broadway — ?*:()« U:»
tS:oa 1U:i»a.ii. 12 00 200 4 00 p.m.
i COAST LINE (l»r«*d <j»u«pu
; jjr- ( 1 bird nud Townsend Streets.)
J '610a San Jose and Way Stations 8.30? L
' 7C0* Pan Jo»e and Wny Stations B-38P
j SCO* New Alraaden (Tues.. Frld.. cn?y). 4-10*
8.00a Coast Ltno Limited— Stops only Son
Joae. O'.lroy (connection for UoV-
lister). Pajaro, CastroTllle. Sa-
linas. San Ardo. Pato Roblea.
I 8antaMargartta.SanLa!sUbtsp<K
Principal stmloas thenc«» Surt v
(connection for Lowipoc) prrncK
pal station* thence Santa Bar-
Kir* an-1 Lo« Angeles. Conn^o
ron at CastrovtUo to and from
1 Monterey and Paciflc Grore 13.4ST
••CO* 8sn Jose. Tr«* PInos. Capitol*.
6antaCraz,Pac2acGroTe.Sal!aat.
S*n I.uis ObUpo and PrSndpai
\f Way Station* 4.10l«
j 10.39a Fan Jose and Way Stations 12!>
i 1120a Ean:* Clara. San Jose.Lo* Gato*
and Way Stations 7.30
I 1 SOr Ean Jose and Wfiy Statlont f3«U
i£0r PaciacGroreKxpres*— Ssnta Clara
Ban Jose. Del Moare, Momerey.
Pac'.ne Grove (connects at Sar.ta.
Clara for Santa Crai. Boulder
Crrek and >TarTOw Qfaage Polntt>
! • at G'iroy tor Hol'.ister. Tret
i Plan*, at CastroTttii? for Saliaa*. 1 J.1S>
J !-30p Tres Ptnos Way Passengsr 51 045 a
t4 4s' ban Jose, (via Santa Clara) Lot
tiatos; and Principal Way St*-
tlons (except Bandar) t9.1?4>
s6 ZCr San JcseandPrincipalWay Stations t8.03A
6-LOf Ennset Llmlte'1.— Redwocd. 8aa
Jose. Gllroy.falina^.Paso Uobiet,
San Lots Ublspo. Santa Barbara,
Los Avzfr-f., l"rr,'.ai. Kl Paso,
>'ew Orlrass. New York. Con-
aect> at Ps>ro for Santa Cms
and at Castrox-i'i* for PaciSo
Grore and WaT Stations 7.W*
16- Mir San Mateo. Beresford.Belraont. S»tt
. CarK*. Hedwood. Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park. Palo A! to t8 48*
f.?Pr Esn Jose and Way Statiocs. 8.33a
11 .30' South San Francisco, Millbrap, Bar-
llBcimf. San Mateo, Belmon^
&an Carlos, fted'xor.d. Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 8-43r
•1V30r llaylli'M. Mountain View. Sunny-
vale. Lawrence. Santa Clara and
San Jose t9-45f
A (or Morning. V lor Afternoo»
iSnaday only.
< Stop* ar all stations ea Sos-iay.
tSanday ezeepted. a batarday onry.
CV~Onlj trains »;<vpi a K *t Valencia St. sonthbc<a4
tre*:lO AJI..T.O0JL.M., 11:30 *J-.,3:S0p.M. and *:30r.*
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LiBSSBE
SAN FfiANCIStO AH J NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWA7 CCaiPAITY.
! Tibaron ferry, root of Market Street.
j SAK rSAKCXSCO TO SAN SArAEln
"WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. ll:0O a. m.; 12:W.
! 3:C0. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdaya^ — Eatra trip
, at 11 ¦..!(> p. m.
i Saturdays — Kxtra trip at l:9O and 11:30 p. tt>.
EITNDAYS— S:CO. »:3f». ll:0O a. m.: 1:30,
! 3:30. 5:00. 6:20. ll:.",0 p. m.
I SAW BArAEI. TO SAK FRANCISCO.
i WEEK DAYS— «:C5 7:03. 7:50, 9:20. U:13
R. m.: 12:50. 3:tO. 3:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays— Extr* trip «t 2:06 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. »:4O. 11:15 a. tn.; 1:*£>. 3:40.
4:55. 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leive I In Effect I Arrive
Pan Francisco. [ Sett. 27. 1903. fSan Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destina,. I Pun- I Week
Days. I days. | tlon. f days. | Days,^
TTsoal 8:<i0a 8:10 a! 9:40 »
0:5Oa Igr-acio. 10:40 ajlO:2O a
S:3lp .1:Mp 6:OOpi6:20p
B:lOp! 5:C0p T:35p|
~7 -SO a 9:10 a S:40a
8:0Aa Novato. 10:40a 10:20a
3:30 p 8:30 a Petalum* 6:OSp 6:20 p
6:10 p 3-30 p and 7:U5p
S :OO p Santa Ro-a. | , J
j;5Oi 10:4Oa;i0:20 a
S:0Oa Pulton. 7:33 p 6:20 p
3:30 r 3:30 p| . (
Windsor.
7:30a S:00a Healdsburg, 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyserville, T:33p 6:20 3
Cloverdalg. I
7:30al S:C0a| Hoplaud 110:40 a'10:20 *
3:30 p{ 3:30 p| and Uklaa. [ 7:3S p| 6:20 9
*"7730"a| S:0Oa| Wllllts. | 7:3T» Pi 6:20 9
7::jOal 110:40 a|10:2O a
3:30 pf 3:30 p( Gnerneville. I 7:35 _gLl : r--?
7:30 al S:COa| Sonoma. I 9:10 a| S:4Oa
5:10 p[ 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. I 8:03 P! g:-*Op
"-TJOal S:CuaL 110:40 a!10:20 a
3:30pr3:30pf Ssbastopol. I 7;35 p|^6^2O p
• STAGES connect at Green Bra« for San
¦ Quentin: at t-anta Rcsa for "Whit* SulDhur
I Sorinzs: at Fulton for Altruria and Mark W sat
HuT\n*a: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at G«y-
servill- fur Skagga Springs: at CloverrtaJo .for
tht Geysers. Boonevllle and Greenwood: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Sprtnga,
K«laeyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lai*-
JoTar-d BartUtt Springs; at Uklah for Vich/
Kur'iKS Saratoga SDrings." Btua Lakee. Laur*l
lheli'lla'ke Witter Sprints. Upper Lalce. Pomo.
votter Vailey. John Days. Riverside. Llerlya.
BucknWa, sAnh-drin H-lshtK IZuUvllle. Orr-s
Hot Sprlnss. Halfway House. Comptch^ Camp
Stevens Hopkins, Mend.ioino City. Fort Bra?*.
wSSeA Sherwood. Cahto. Covella. Layton-
viii* Cum'm«tis«. V.iW* Springs. Harris, oi-
iin-a. SJ*rT Uarbervllle. Perp-rwood. ScotU
Sunday round-trip Uclcsta at v
dU On d Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyonJ San Kafael at half ratea.
Ticket offices, CO Market street. Choalcla
bU H d cf WHITING. R. X RTA.V. %'A
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Kgt.
lEEK CALL
16 Pa^es. $1 pep Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A SlVERE~eOLD
Is nearly always followed by seri-
ous complications. Protect the
system from sudden Colds, Chills
or attacks of Malaria, Fever and
Ague by taking Hostettcr's Stom-
ach Bitters. It is the best safe-
guard in existence and at this
season of the year no home
should be without it. It will also
cure Dyspepsia, Indigestion, Ner-
vousness, Insomnia and Kidney
Troubles. Be sure to try it. Ask
your druggist fof our ig'04 Alma-
nac.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS.
Always Remember the Fnll .Name
>j ysxatEye fjronjo (fjrmuna
C=re$ cCcid hi One Day, dtp in 2 Days
W. s&rjCfy&ztvz,** bos. 25c
BAIL WAT TEAVXL.
ADVEBTISEMENXS.
Stomach, Dowel and Kidney
Diseases Cvrcd QvicKly, Per-
manently and Cheaply by Elec-
tro-Chcmistry.
MItS. JULIA A. MITCHELL. ;
95S Fifth St., Oakland.
Mrs. Mitchell says: I# i had suffered with a |
severe, liver, ptoniach and bowel trouble for j
eighteen Jonjr years. My pains were' so bad I
had to take morphine. Medical treatments did
. me no kckxI. In despair I decided to try the |
Klectro-Chemlc treatment. . In rive treatments
I was greatly benefited and relieved. I am bet-
ter than I have been in eighteen years. .and one
month of the Electro-i.'hemlo treatment at a
small expense 1-us cured me."-
(Sisntd) MRS. JULIA A. MITCHELL, .
058 Fifth St.. Oakland. Cal. !
CONSULTATIOiNT IPQCE 1 !
EXAMINATION Ri-'A'j
Specialties — Consu.-n^tioa. Catarrh. {
Bronchitis, Asthma, Cancers, Turners. ;
Deafness, Head aad Ear iroisss, Bhea- .
matism. Paralysis, Neuralarla, Files, ;
Diseases of tho Stomach, Iilvsr, Kid- |
neys and Bowels. Special Diseases of ;
Men and Women, All Cnronlc Diseases. ;
>
HOME TREATMENT— If you live at a dis- |
tanre. try to come for a pi»r!«onal examination. <
If you can't conii\ write for Instructions for j
Iiome examination and treatment. :
ELECTRO=CKEMIC INSTITUTE,
118 G2JA2IT AVE, Cor. POST.
SAN F.T1ANCISCO.
Offtcr hours— 9 a. ni. to . r i p. m. and 7 to 8 :
p. m. daily. Sandays, 10 a. m. to 1 p. m.
Separate apartments for ladies and gentlemen, j
j daft y ' lias the best of every- :
i %&?,# thiriK in Chri.stm.i3 mer- i
i T* 1^ phandlse. The Toy De- ;
| D partm^nt is larger than i
ever and teems with jimusing
j S and instructive novelties. Sug- Kj '
. a gcstlve gifts for all ages or ?
! fflhanything for yourself or home « !
J l Jj Van be found in this Immense
P store. The prices here save
I | without sacrificing wofth. '
; g The Grocery Department of-
i a fers a enecialty of Christmas
t 3 Boxes of Groceries fnll of fresh :
! [ staples and tempting 1 delicacies :
already packed In plain cases [ \
ready for Immediate delivery. ! ;
sa^o to sio.oo. *> . • . |
I 3 Treat the children to a trip I
Si to Toyla'rrd. . , , ;
I OPEN EVEMNGS. \\ i
1 25-27 Market Street i j
"King of ail Bottled Be«rs. M j
; Browed from Bohemisn Hops* I
SOLO EVEBVWHSRB. I
M1LBKKT MERCANTILE CO.. I
Pacific Coast Acents. JB
JB • O*\ Ol ¦ B BJ Bl ¦ Cared to STAY CURED. Ctas
fl B BJ WJ0 ffk rm^.ri. Health restored. A!>-
JW H jpaj rJy Si far'itn^Terrrtira. Eathearti!;
¦ a a life sw «3>-ibiuir. tr^
mMicinw. Book CO FREE. "XinVlr r.jr* "•fuboot !
AMhmAKaAUij Fertr. P. Harola Hayes. BuCalo. N.T, j
}
RAILWAY TEAVEIk j
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICACO
LEAVES DAILY
at J»:;tO a. xa., throujh in 3 days,
with diner and all trappings.
Other Santa Pa Trains :
4-'4a'2' V^'\ for Stockton. Fresno. Baker»fleld.
sioSS'm.J 1Ierced - Hanford and VUalla.
4:W) p. m*.f or. Stockton.
S:tX) pi m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OPriCE— 641 Market St.. ftni
Perry Depot, s. P. Also 1112 Broad-
. way. Oakland. Cal. •
j^^^^i TO SAN RAFAEL,
Jll^gM ROSS VALLEY,
i^Sa^y^^ CAZADERO, Etc.
ijfflwrSreSSSlJMS&a! via Sansalito Perry.
Suburban Service. Standard uau 8 '« Klcctrlc — i
Depart irurn San l'rincisco .Daily — 7:1)0. S:00. i
h:W, 10:00. 11:00 a. m.. 12:iO. 1:43. 3:13. 4:13.
v 6rlA 6:13. 7:Ce. S:i\ 10:'JO. 11:J5 p. m. ¦ I
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAX FR^XCISCO
—Daily— 5:25, «:«. 7:40, 8:^5. 9:35,11:05 ».
ni., l-J:20. 1:45, 2:55. 3:15,. 4:45, 6:45. 6:«,
S:45. lmt'O p. m.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN* FRAN-
CISCO— Daily-V5:45. «:C5. 7:52. S:S.\ 0:35,
11:20 a. m.. 12:S3. 2:00. 3:15. 4:C5. 5:05. 6:03.
7:05. 9:C0..10:nr> p. m.
• THROUGH DRAINS.
8:00 a. m." dally — Cazadero and way stations.
5:15 p. m. week. days (Saturdays ezcepted>—
Tomales and way stations. - \
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tfcns. •
Sundays only— 10 a. m., .Point Reyes and
way siatioio. "'.¦•"'
TICKET OFFICE— 628 Market^st.
FERRT— Cnlon Depot, foot of Market «t.
tV»T. Tamalpais Railway
¦ Leave Tu Srss^to Imj Arrive -~"
• San Frandsco f »et tf.Mirktt St. San Frandsco
Week .San- . - -jH32_^ un " Wees
Days, days j£vRmr&<. da V* Darn.
•f: : 33 k •8:i»Oa l-':Oflr 10:401
•l:4op O:OOa iSSSw'^V l:*5fJ:8l)f
8:15rlO:no A »:50p .vr.OF
11:OOa im&Sr *:»Op »5«0f
¦Cwatrt Titt tt*s» kr • '^* ' Mym ad Tffirr Cubj
TICIIT- 1 626 Market St..(NotU» Shore Railroad*
om0S3 f and SAVSAUro Pkmy, Foot Market SuCHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Dec. 21.— CATTLE— Receints.
21.CC0: steady. Good to crime- steers. $4 DO©)
5 5fi; poor to 'medium. $3fi 4 JSO: ntnckers and
feeders. SI SAtS.1 80: aiwi:S1.SM9 RTi: heifern.
Eastern Livestock Market.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. - SfiOc: . Cows and Heifers.
7<jSc: thin Cows. 4 ©5c per lb.
CALVES — 4©4}4c. per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers. e-^Qlc: Ewes. 3t;©3^o
per lb (gross weighty. ,*
The only new thing under this head ts that
large Hogs are weak, though prices are no
lower.
DRESSED MEATS. \ .
Wholesale - rates from slaughterers to deal
ers are as follows: . - . ¦
BEEF — Gl'QVAc t0T Steen and 5«}8c per
lb for Cows." ¦
VEAL— Large. 809c; - small. 9C10c-per lb. ?
. MUTTON — Wtthers. SSSHc; Ewes, 7***9Sc
per lb. <>•••" , -
LAMB— 0H©10c per lb.
' PORK — Drefsert Hop*. TflSUe per lb.
¦ LIVESTOCK MARKET." •
Meat Market.
Iron closed at 4S* Od In Glasgow and at 4lg 34
In Mlddlesboro. Locally Iron' was quiet and un
changed. No. 1 foundry Northern is quoted at
Jir.ClO: No. 2 foundrv Northern. $14015; No. 1
foundry Southern and No. 1 foundry Southern
soft at $13 .-¦<)« 14. .
Spelter .declined 2s fid In London to £21' 7s Od
and remained unchanged here' with spot quoted
at $5. ' - . ¦
Foreign futures.
LIVERPOOL. i;'
Wheat— Dec. March. May.
Opening 0 4H •..«:»%
Closing ...". '6 4% • 6 4
' PARIS. ' ¦ ';
Wheat— , .. ;, -¦-.- Dec. Mar.-June.
Opening 21 CO 2120'
Closing 2110 2125"
Flour —
Opening 23 10 • ifi ','
Closing .I 28 00 ".28 45
Nezv York Metal Market.
NEW TORK. Dec. 21. — London reported a
good demand for tin. said to be largely for
Chinese account, and prices there were £3" 10s
higher, with spot closing at £12» 10s and fix
tures at £130 10s. Locally tin was Influenced
by the advance abroad and closed 75 points
higher at $2S@28 50. though there was little
demand at the hieher level. ;
Copper advanced 2s to £56 17s 6d for spot in
London, and futures were 5s higher at £3(1 10s
Locally copper was unchanged and quiet.' take
Is quoted at $12 37V4612 «2%:' electrolytic ' at
$12 25012 50. casting at $12 12#Jrl2 37^.
Lead closed unchanged at." £11 e-» 3d In Lon
don and was quUt here" with, spot quoted at
$4 3* • . . ¦ • ' •
High-grade offerings of Burbanks from Sa
linas were In good request at steady rates,
while low-grade offerings, particularly river
kinds were dull. Large lines of river Bur
bankfl were being, placed . In warehouses, as
the Harbor Commissioners compelled dealers
to remove the stock from the docks within
twenty-four hours after being discharged. Sev
eral lots of poor stock .that were' not fit for
storage were sacrificed,, but sound offerings
were firmly held. The Oregon steamer ar
rived • late In the day with about 1000 sacks
and .dealers -were anticipating . a. higher ' range
of prices. A carload of choice Sweets came,
and, as the market , had previousy been bare,
prices had ia . sharp advance. Onions were
firm- and some fancy . lots were held at $1 30
per cental, but no sales were reported at that
figure. ¦ " .
Trade In Vegetables was quite active and
choice lots of Peas and Beans from Los
Angeles 'continued to bring high prices."' Re
ceipts of- Tomatoea from the same section
were unusually. heavy, and prices ranged low
er The market was still overstocked .with
Green Peppers and there was a sharp decline
In prices. Egg Plant was suddenly plentiful
and sold at lower rates., The other Vege
tables had .but little- variation.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the ¦ river. 60@
SOc per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $l@i 40 per
Ctl; Oregon Burbanks. 85c©$l 10 per ctl; River
Tleds, eo«t«5c per ctl: Garnet Chiles. . 00c@$l
per ctl* Sweet Potatoes, $1 35 per ctl.
ONIONS— $1@1 25 per Ml ¦'^Tfirjif ill irtljwajfl
¦. VEGETABLES — Green' Peas, 4@6c per lb;
String Beans, 7©10c per lb^ Wax. 7fll2^ie: To
matoes; 50675c per bOT for bay, and $161- 5O per
"box or'crate'for Los, Angeles; Summer Squash
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Hops continue to sell off well. The condi
tion of the Eastern and European markets ap
pears in the first column.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l^c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. Oc; medium. 8c; light. 7#c; Cow Hide*.
7 We for heavy and 7 Vie for light; Stags. 5c:
Salted Kip 9c: Salted Veal. 10c: Salted Calf.
10i4c; dry Hides. 15c: dry Kip. 13c: dry
Calf. lSe: Sheepskins, shearlings. 25«30c each:
short Wool. 40000c each: medium. 70@9Oc;
long Wcot. $101 50: Horse Hides. salt.
$2 75 for large and $232 50 for medium. $1 29
61-75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large and $1 60 for me
dium. $101 25 (or small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. .11-: dry calted
Mexican. 25c: dry Central Am/ lean. Sic. Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras. 75c: It %e and smooth.
60c: medium. 35c; small. 20a
TALLOW — No. 1 render 4 He per lb:
No. 2. 4c; grease. 2W63C.
WOOL— Fal! clip — Snn .Tcaqvdn Lambs'. 9Q
lie; Middle County. ll®12c: Northern Free.
llf*12c: Northern Defective. lOQllc: Humboldt
and Mendoelno. 12iffl4e: Nevada. 131S15c: Ore
gon fine,' is*?in<!: Oregon medium. 17c per lb.
HOPS — 10®23c per lb for California.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market we* quiet and easy; creamery. l&Q2::c:
dairy. 14*?21c; e?es, easier at mark, cases 'In
cluded, 27S28c; cheese, firm, 10010^0.
Pinks and Llmas continue firm. The -latter
are slightly higher, while the continued lack
of rain In the south Is affecting . them.
The other descriptions remain unchanged.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 SOtfTC 40; Pea. $3; But
ters. M 2B: small • White S2 sr>fj:i : large
White, $2 40@2 CO; Pink. $2 C5@2 80: Red.
$3 GO- Lima. $3©3 10; Red Kidneys, $4@4 25;
Blackeye $2@2 15 per ctl; Horse Beans. $1 50
62. ¦
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3; Yellow Mus
tard, $2 '6562 ST>: Flax. $1 8001 30; Canary,
B^jkc for Eastern: Alfalfa. 11014c:' Rape.
Ui©'-c; Timothy. 6@«Hc; Hemp. 3UQ3Hc
per lb; Millet. S@3VSc; Broom Corn Seed. $20
623 per ton. • . .
DRIED PEAS— Green. $1 SO®2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
NEW YORK. Dec. 21. — Whatever Influence*
were in operation In to-day' •¦ vtock market.
Iwued In an almost immovable market, th;
whole interest converged in a handful of
Ftocfcs. Dullness Is seasonable * l thls time,
when the year-<.-nd money problems are work
ing tiKiuwhe* out. But the extraordinary
ease of the money market at present practi
cally -llininatefl the money situation a.» a
factor in the dullness. The merely sentimental
effect cf the approach of the holiday* may be
reckoned to induce part of the dullness. A
rnore substantial factor In to-day's markft
was Ibe tai'iering of the war cloud in the
Far East. Brblrh took on so lowering an aspect
to-day bf xo lead to a general conviction in
Wall Etre«-t that an outbreak of hostilities
could not If averted. The conviction e'emed
to be wi:»'out any markedly depressing effect
on our f>^curitle» market, except as London's
more active later ft in th*- situation led to
celling cf etocks In New York. The effect
here w»» more to discourage operations In
?•Ithcr *Me of the market. Thip *ffect con-
Cnas well to the uncertainty felt as to the
effect cf war between Ru^Kla and Japan upon
our situation. Of any directly harmful re
cult* there is no amirehension. but th« point
of doubt is or to how far «he placing of war
loans in Euror>e might dislocate the foreign
nmrket* ani unset the expected demand for
oar merchandise product* and for our raliroad
ffccuritie*. That considerable issues of new
laHrcwd sK-i:iitie<»« nre imminent lr the gen
*i»l feeling in Wall street and account* for
the lack of rcrocnee in to-day's stock market
to the extracrdlaarjlr large offerings of fund.".
Money broker* assert that money on caM
v.-ae mere frtelr offered thl« morning than at
cny ©th-r c«ne»pon<:ing period for many years
past. All departments of the money market
were ' '¦ '¦ '.'¦'¦. c!xty and ninety day loans and
even thirty-day loans being affected at below
C per c*r.tl Mercantile paper for prime grades
:.!>.• was offered ai .Va per cent, thus breaking
the 6 oer cent rate, which ha» been deter
minedly neld for uomg time past. Sentiment
w'a* affected by the* opinions expressed li?*
eminent banking authorities when questioned
r'garcing th-* likelihood of a Russian or Ja
rariese loan finding eubscrlber* here, to the
effect that we are likely to need money re
¦'Miroeir in our own market.
Xiier^ «a« some heaviness shown by Atchl
son erf the ground of Its bond issue and the
email craln movement, and affected this and
ctht-r rraneers to lome extent. Tht Atchison
lK.nd ifsut- *\co clayed n. part in the sharp
txwarii movement of the railroad equipment
;•'¦!..- owin^ to the Intimation conveyed In the
c racial announcement cf the sale of the Atchl
etxi bonds that a part of the proceeds would be
v»ed for the purchase of locomotives and new
1 u }fcW a %£; retlt . loa ot united SUtes Steel pre
ferred "<\a» occomiwnied by further discussion
of the dividend prwpect for the etock and tht
«sprewlon of discouraylrg opinions as to the*?
1 -otpects. There was eome accumulation of
the co*l*-i» attributed to better trade condi
tJens. The sveculatioa in the New Tork pub
lic viUlitJe« contiau'd without any new fea
tures, mtA AnuJeamated Copper, after «d-
New York Stock Market.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour dull
and steady: No. 2 spring wheat, S2&S3c- No 3
72-57SC; No. 2 red. R3@S7c; No. 2 corn. 42V«c'
No. 2 yellow, 40c; No. 2 oats, 33iiC?35Hc; x o '
3 white, 35%ff.'57 : Vic: No. 2 rye. 02^c; good
feeding barley. 33iS36i*c: fair to. choice malt
ing, 42®32c; No. I flaxseed.. 93c: No. 1 North
western, 51: prime timothy-peed $2 85- mess
pork, per bbl, $11 75fTil. S7>4; lard, per 100 lbs
$0 47 1 4<5fi 52^: short ribs sides (loose). $0 12 >4©
0 ;l7!i.; short clear eldeii (boxed), $8 25fJ6 37'^;
whisky, baBio of high wines, $1 27; clover, cor
tract grade. $11 23.
The market Is of a holiday character and
prices remain as before.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. ll%c per lb for
heavy, 12c ! for light medium. 14c for light.
14^c for extra light. ISc for sugar-cured and
SOc for extra sugar-cured: Eastern sugar
cured Hams. 14c: California Hams. 13V49
1314c; Mces Beef. $11 CO per bbl: extra Mecs.
?12jn2 50; Family. $13; prime Mess Pork. $17:
extra clear. $24: Mess, $19: Dry Salted Pork:
12c: Pig Pork. $23; Pigs' Feet. $5 23; Smoked
Beef. 15c per.lb.
LATCD — Tierces quoted at 7^4c per lb for
compound and Oc for pure; half-barrels, pure.
riVie; 10-lb tins. 9%c; 5-lb tins. 8%e: 3-lb tins.
10c.
COTTOLENE^ — One halt barrel. 8%c: three
half barrels. 8%c; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces,
8>£c: five tierces. 8%c per lb.
Provisions.
Both liny and Feedstuffs are as quoted at
the last of the week, with sufflclent receipts to
keep consumers supplied
BRAN— *1S) 50S2O 50 per ton
MIDDLINGS— $26 COg28 50 per ton.
SHORTS— $1!> 60(320 50 per ton.
FEKDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $23@24 per
ton: Oil Cake Meal at the mill. $274328 60:
Jobbing S2fl@:H): Cocoanut Cake. *21@22: Corn
Meal. $28 50020 50; Cracked Corn. ¦ $201330:
Mixed Feed. $22@23; Horse Heans. $30® to per
• HAY— Wheat. $13 WKJ16: Wheat and Oat.
J13f?15 50; Oat S12Q14: Wild Oat, $11 50©
13 50; Barley. $12013 00; Stock, nominal—
none here: Alfalfa. $10012 50 per ton. . • .^
STRAW— <O@«55c per bale.
Hay and Feedstu'ffs.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. Dec. 21 — I p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bld.Aak.
Alpha 02 0* Justice 07 (9
Aita 02 03 Kentuck 03 04
Andes 1" IS K Graessler. — 1-7S
Belcher 2O 21 LaJy Wash . . — €2
Best & Belch. 2 OO 2 CS Mexican t 00 1 05
Bullion C6 C*t' ; Occidental ... 37 4«
Caledonia.... «7 COOphir 2 CO 2 1<>
Challenge ... 19 20 Overman .... 2O 21
CholJar ...... 1* W Pctosl 17 IS
Confidence . .".' «3 73 gavRge S3 4O
Con Cal & V.I 00 1 03 Scorpion 01 02
Con Imp .... 02 <S\ Reg Belcher., ©rt 07
Con NY.... 11 12i Sierra Nev... 4rt 4*
Crown Point.. 15 1C, Silver Hill... 65 «S
Kureka Con.. — Wist Louis 12 1«
Exchequer ... IB 17j Syndicate ... C4 . tta
Oould * Cur. 29 30 Union Con... 47 4*
Hale & Norc. 41 44 Utah <# «>
Julia 0.1 C5 Yel Jacket.... 20 21
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid.Ask.' Bid.Ask.
Esperanza ... — 01 Ton Helmont. 77 7S
Gipsy Queen. — 30 Ton A Cal.. — 21
Gold Mt Con. 01 — | Ton nt Nev. .« 2» —
MacXamara . 08 11 Ton N Star.. XT r.n
Mont Ton . .1 20 1 23|Ton Midway. 50 .VT
Paymaster .. fS IS j Ton * S Lake — W>
Rescue OS 11' United Ton.. 00 12
WILLi SPEND NEXT EIGHT
YEARS IN SAN QUENTIX
Frank Howard Mast Pass Lonz Term
In State Prison for Shooting
William Brennan.
Frank Howard, who was tried be
fore a jury in Judge Lawlor's court on
a charge of assault to murder and
was convicted of assault with a deadly
weapon, was sentenced yesterday to
serve, eight years in San Quentin.
There were two prior convictions
against him. one for burglary in the
second degree and the other for petty
larceny.
In the early morning of April 3
Howard went into the rooms of the
Seattle. Social Club in the Baldwin
Annex vith Dennis W. Doyle. They
were under the influence of liquor and
were asked to leave. As they were
nearing the Ellis-street door Howard
fired a shot at William- Brennan, who
iaised his hands toward his head and
the bullet hit the thumb of his right
hand. BEQ
The Judge in passing sentence said
the evidence abundantly showed an
intention to commit murder and com
mented on the verdict of the jury in
finding Howard guilty of the minor of
fense.
Tariff Experts Will Meet.
LONDON. Dec. 21. — The first meet
ing of Joseph Chamberlain's commis
sion of tariff experts, which is to in
quire into the condition of British
trade and to report with the object of
drawing up a tariff reform bill, will
be held on January 15. Chamber lai n
ha3 accepted the presidency of the
FLOUR — California Family Extras f4 60®
4 S5, usual terms: Bakers' Extras. f4 SOSl «SO:
Oregon and Washington, f 3 90® 4 20 per bbl
for Family and $3 90^4 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFKS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. f3 23; Rye Meal. $3: Rice Flour,
J": Corn Meal. $3 25; extra cream do. f4; Oat
Groats f 4 &0: Hominy. 34@4 23: Buckwheat
Flour. $4 50ff4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 73; Fa
rina. f4 50; Whole Wheat Flour f3 50: Rolled
Oats. bbls. f7 25®S CO; In sacks fti 75@8 10:
Pearl Barley. f6: Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas $3 10 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstiiffs. >
wtt^. 2- °P«^^n~^~clo^:
December .new) M .. SI 80* SOU
•im No. 2-" "'* <8^ TT&
December 42« 42ii 41H 4U /
mm IP! ilil
I^rd. prr 100 lbs— *
January 6 47U 6 r,2U c 47«4 0 5ai'.
May 867% 6 75 6 67^ 675
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January 6 20 6 23 C 20 6 £5
May H 37*6 6 45 6 37% 6 43
RAISINS— F. o. b. prices. Fresno, for 1901
crop: 50-lb boxes^ — Loose Muscatel. 2-crown.
6V4c per lb: 3-crown. S'&c; 4-crown, 6Hc* Seed
less Muscatels. 4%c; do. floated. 4^c; nn
bleaehed Sultanas, 4 »^c; Thompson's Seedless,
5Hc. London Layers-^— 2-crown. $1 25; 3-crown.
ft 35: 4-crown clusters. $2; 5-crown Dehesas.
f2 50: 0-crown Imperials. f3: Malaga Loose. 2
crown, 5c per lb: do 3-crown. 5%c; Valencia
Cured. 4V,c; Pacific, do, 3%c; Oriental. - do.
2%c. Seeded Raisins — 16-oz packages, fancy.
8c per lb: choice, 7^c: 12-ox packages, fancy,
«^»c; choice. 6%c; in bulk, fancy. 7%c; choice,
7Kc.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 eoftshell. 13H614c:
No. 2. imS12c : No. 1 hardshell. 13«13V.c:
No. 2. 114Ml>4c: Almonds, lie for Nonpareils.
1014c for I X L. lOVic for Ne Plus Ultra and
89Jc for Languedoc: Peanuts. CG7c for East
ern; Pecans. H@13c: Coccanuts. f4 C0@5;
Cheftnuts. StfilOc per lb
HONEY— Comb. lCt012^c for white and S%
eDt^c for amber; water white extracted. 5®
&V»c; light amber extracted, 4H©5c; dark,
3tt@4c.
BEESWAX— 27g29c per lb. ..
FRUIT — Apricots. 7@9c for Royals and 99
lie for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4fr5%c;
eun-dried. 3Vi®4c; Peaches. 4%@6%c; Pears,
«<@10c; Nectarines, 4S5'^c; Figs, white. 4@4&o
In boxes; black. AV t e; Plums, pitted. 6©9c per
pound.
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2H@2%c for the four
sizes.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
BikT 30.34 .".4 30 SW Pt.Cidy .00
Caraoa 3t>.16 4S 24 NE Clear .00
Kureka S0.2S S2 4O N Clear .00
Famllun 3O.13 T5 52 NW Clear .00
Fresno 3O.14 :.>:-;»; N Pt.Cidy .00
Flapstiirt 30.12 56 8 X Pt.Cidy .00
Pcx.at«-l!o 30.28 38 30 SW CToudy .C2
It. Reyes ....30.03 54 47 N Clear .00
Independence .W.06 54 2S S Clear -0<»
L-5S Ange!e*...r.0.O0 C« 4« W Clear .00
Mt.Tarr.alpaie 30.16 SO 42 N Clear .00
Khoenix 2».1>S ** Sfl XW Cloudy .CW
1'ortland 30.30 5© 46 £E Cloudy .28
Hed Bluff ...30.14 CO 40 NW Clear* .00
Roseburg S0.30 54 40 SW Clear .00
Hacrarr.ento ...'$0.14 09 42 SE Clear .00
Salt Lake ...30.22 42 32 NW Cloudy .00
B. Francisco. ..30. 16 TkI 46 N Clear .00
S. L. Obispo.SO.04 €6 54 N Clear .00
San Diego ...23.SS 64 00 SW Pt.Cidy .00
Feattle 30. 2S 4« 42 SE Pt.Cidy .76
Spokane 30. 2S 42 36 N Cloudy .00
TatCH^eh 30.16 4« 42 S Cloudy .3.";
Wall* Walla... 3d. 2>> 50 42 S Pt.Ody .32
Wlnneraucca. 30.24 44 22 E Clear T.
Yuma 23. »6 70 40 N Pt.Ody .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The preaeure has fallen slowly over South
em California and has risen steadily over the
northern portion of the country. Cloudy
weaxher prevails from Point Conception south
ward and a email diFturbance may be ap
proaching the coeet of Lower California. The
temperature has remained nearly stationary on
The Pacific sloDe.
Forecast made at San Fran<-isco for thirty
hours, ending midnight December 22:
Northern California — Fair Tuesday: light
northerly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Tuesday; light
Euuthwect winds
Neva'ia— Fair Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday;
I«ht.sorth wind. A. G. McADIE,
District Forecaster.
P 2 2 ~ "» t
a $Z S5 *> 3
5 fa 53 --;£ s* . •=•
STATIONS. y II -!§.". OS-'?? 2
•" 2 a ¦ ¦ :? ¦ §
: ? ? : : :
4s qr coup.. 110 — Us qr cp newl3.1i4134>.4,
4s qr rep.,. "100 110 |2s qr coup.. — —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — [ Do .'>» ...Am';'-'--
Bay CPC os. — If24| Do con 5*. — lOSXi
Cal C G 5s. — 106 O W gtd 5s. — 97
Cal C & E g Oceanic S 5s — 75
m ft « .'*. — 102V4 Ora Cable 6sl2O —
Cal-st 5s... — — iPac G Im 4s. 93 100
C C Wat 5s. — 100 |p E Ry 5*.10C»i —
Ed L & P66.120 — P A C H 6s. — t —
F& C H Cs. — 117 P & O R CS.117U120
Geary-st Rs. 454 00 Powell-st 6s.ll3'i —
H C&S SHs.104 — I SB G&R 5s. 90 —
H C & S 5s. — 1024; PF & SJVSs. — 1174
Hon R T fis.104 100 is R of C Cs.1124 —
L A Elec Cs.101 10.14:s P of A 69
L A Ry 5s.Hl 113 i (l!>09> ....107»4108
L A L co 6s. - — (1910) 10S% —
Do gtd to. — - S P of C 6a
Do gtd 5s. 1024104 i <lftOf,)Sr A.103 10.1t;
LAP lem 5s. 10O 102 ' (19<»)Sr B. — 1044
Mkt-st C es.llS% — (190fi) 1044105 ,
Do lem Cs.113 — (1912) 115
NRR of C6s. — 108 SPC 1 eg 5s. — lmj
Do 5s 114'S — Do stmpt1.1OG»41O7v; ]
N. P C R 5s. — ms*i S P B R 63. — 132^
I N C R 5».. — 110 S V V.' 6s. 10*5 —
i N C P C Bs. — Id Do 4s 2dm. 96 —
! N S R R 5s. 99>4 — Do 4s Mm. 974 W>
' O G L II 5s.lC7*i — Stkn G&E es — 100
O T Co 6S..11S4 — U G & E 5s. — 103
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 39 41 (Port Costa.. — —
Marln Co -• «1 — IS V W Co. — 394
GAS AND F.LECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3% — Sac E G&R. — —
Mutual E L. 9 10 S F G & E. 664 66*i ,
OGL&H. — — SF Gas L.. 3Vt, 3%
Pac G Im.. 54 54?4 Stkn G & E 3 —
Pac L Co. . . 53»4 — I U G * E. . — 40
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. 80 67 I
INSURANCE.
Flrem'a Fnd320 — | .
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — 130 L P & A... — 1C5
Anglo-Cal ..85 91 Mer Trust. -.230 240
Bank of Cal.444 447 Merch Ex... — —
Cal Safe Dp. — l."cvj S F NatlonI — — '
First NatlonI — — j
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger 9 & L.2233 — Sav & L So. — K3
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk.4C0 MO
Mutual Sav. 10O — Union T Co. — — >,»
S F Sav U.6OO —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..— 203 J Presidio 39*4.43
POWDER.
Giant 62% 64 \ Vlgorit — ; 4*
liana Pa Co. — SOc Kilauea S C. — .6
j Hawaiian C. 44 " 4 45 Makawell C. 23 — «,
Honokaa S C 12* I.t4 Onoraea S C. — 32
Hutch SPC — 10 Paauhau 3 C 14 ' 15
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.140 1404 Oceanic S C 5 6
Cal F C A. 92 — Pac Aux FA 4»i —
Cal Wine A. 9o 01 £ Pac C Borx.167 —
Morning Session.
Heard —
5 Alaska Packers' Assn. s 3 140 374
5 Alaska Packers' Assn. s 3 14O 23
10 Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar. 44 »
40 Hutchinson 8 P Co 'J 5C
50 Spring Valley Water Co 3S 50
100 Spring Valley Water Co :«> 00
$20W> Market-st Ry 1st con 5s llo 00
f2000 Oakland Transit 5s ..110 00
flOOO Sacramento E G & Ry 3s 1U0 IK>
f2000 S P of C 6s (1905 series A) 103 124
Afternoon Session.
75 Alaska Packers' Assn 140 00
10 Giant Powder Con 63 00
l:$0 S F Gas and Electric Co to 50
101 Spring Valley Water Co 30 00
$20uO Pacific Electric Ry 5a Io7 UO
Street —
5 Ala.«ka Packers" Assn 140 25
$5000 S P Cal 1st con 5s (stamped) 1U7 Ml
California Stock and Oil Exchange
, OH Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Alma 123 140
Apollo ...'.. 42
Associated Trust Cert 19 2O
Aztec * 8O
California Standard : H
Caribou 125 ....
Central Point Con 65
Chicago Crude 19
Claremont •¦ - • 2S ....
Esperanza •' 150
Four 67 • ....
Fulton 4 SO
Giant 20
Hanford 135 00
Home 05 100
Imperial. IS 00
Independence
Junction ••- 15 17
Kern -' 4 50 4 73
Kern River 10 OO
Uon 02
Monarch of Arizona ....
Monte Cristo - 64 ....
Occidental of W Va 18
Oil City Petroleum 23 27
Peerless 14 00
Plttsburg /-. — •-. ¦ 20
Reed;Crude ....
S F & McKIttriek .100
San Joaquin O & D 4 CO
Senator C2 ....
Sovereign 37 .40
Sterling • 2 60
Superior • <*5 07
TMrty-three ,.... 7 50
Toltec ..' • "".' ¦ 22
Twenty-eight 425 '
West Shore .... 3 OS
UNITED STATES • BONDS.
Bid.Ask.l * Bid.Ask.
MONDAY.. Dec. 21—2 p. m.
I Stock and Bond Exchange.
Morning Session.
4100 Mont Ton.l 22*4 • lf-O Ton. of Nev. 6 SO
500 Mont Ton...l 30i 20© Ton Midway. .*?:
-.00 Ton Belmont. 79 : ICO Ton N Star. 3rt
10O Ton Belmont. 7*j 100 Ton N Star. .".7
2C0 Ton Belmont. 76 2C0 United Ton.. 12
Afternoon Session.
100 Ton Belmont 77*1 70O Ton N Star. . 38
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the S3n Fran
cisco, and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
.V1O Belcher 20| lfH> Ophlr 2 C5
20O Chollar 1»| 200 Potosi IS
2f!O Crown Point.. 15", 300 Savage ."»
500 Gould & Cur. 29' 400 Yel Jacket.... 20
200 Mexican ...1 C24'
Afternoon Session.
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pactflc
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
20O Con N Y 111T5OO Savage 37
3i"K> Gould ft Cur. SI loo Union Con... 47
200 Mexican 1 f3 100 Union Con... 4*
SCO Overman 20 SCO Tel Jacket.... 21
200 Savage 3S
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Caledonia 67' 100 Ophlr 2 19
l<tf> Caledonia ««,' 500 Overman 22
2OO Chollar 20, 2<iO Savag« 3*
2f*> Con Cal St V.I 05 1 30O Silver Hill... 70
100 Mexican 1 «V 300 Union Con... 47
ICO Occidental ... 3.S 1 no Yel Jacket 21
Afternoon Session.
2C0 Andea 17| 1 CO Mexican 1 H»
ir.n Caledonia 63j 20O Savage .TT
10<> Caledonia «« 500 Savage 33
ICO Con N Y 11 TOO Siena NeT... 4T
SftO Crown Point.. 13 2C0 Yel Jack-t 20
400 Gould & Cur. 29)
Mining Stocks.
«120tn Meridian— Pacific Time.) . •
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 21—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
<iste.. sf compared with those cf the tune date
last FeaEcn. and the rainfall in the Ia«t twen
ty -four bours:
Last This Last
Stati ne — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Kureka 0.00 17. 2S 19.70
Red Bluff 0.00 11. M 12.02
Sacramento 0.00 4.43 5.5O
Pan Francisco 0.00 fi.CC 5.15
Fres-no 0.00 .O.SS 3.15
Independence 0.O0 0.42 O.S3
t^sn Luis OWspo 0.00 ©.82 4.93
I^r* Angeles 0.00 0.43 4.97
S»n r>it>go 0.00 ©.40 6.0a
CHICAGO. Dec. 21.— Trading In wheat was of
a nervous character to-day. Prices showed
rapid changes. The market was Influenced by
the Eituaticn in the Far East and by conflicting
figures en the world's shipments, as well as by
the action of the leading Iong. ; There was
considerable selling at the start by email hold
ers on increased receipts In the Northwest/ The
big bull interest was also an early seller, and
prices ruled easier after a steady opening. A
good demand developed 'later from commission
houses on the strength in foreign markets, as
well as on the advances in outside domestic
markets. May eelllng up to" 83%c, after opening
H*r'.ic lower to a shade higher at > SJ«-4^S34c
During the latter part of the session there was
renewed selling on tfje part of the big operator,
several million bushels being reported .-taken
over by shorts. In the face of only a smaH'th-'
crease in the visible supply when a large one
was generally expected, prices sagged gradual
ly later In the day. and the low market oh May
was reached at M*i©S2%c. " -The dose was at
Sl'Tkcya loss of u@% c . Clearances of wheat
and flour were equal to 149.COO bushels
Corn was weak, with a gocd deal of selling
by bear operators and seme more by local bulls
who were tired of holding their lines. Better
£t. t£ an<1 ., the - Prospect, of larger receipts
whe^t ™« > ment *r arl8h - The weakness In
Z,^t\, , al!O an ' m P°«ant influence. The
bujing was, largely b y shorts. After opening a
eha'!e to He higher at 44'4c to 44U,«44u c \fav
sold l*tnc*n 4STic and 44*c closing " t *.4»%c
Oats were without suppcrt. and active selling
nLf P™ 1 " 1^ commission-house caused weak?
a n ct £ f >; n 5"A?aSSS TiTe-^anS^wa^sc^
clo^d SSRffiTg: 3 ' C J 374 ? S37%c
U^V^^ifZ™ etl S"*' ""Withstanding the
siPpsiiSiii
loc beuer' *** 10@12 * c h1^' •"« rite
_JheJear11ng_future S ranged as fellows: . "
Chicago Grain Market.
Weather Report.
Feed. $1 074@l 12^; Shipping and Brewing,
$1 15©1 20; Chevalier, f 1 20©l 45 for fair, to
cnolce.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $i 04JS $1 «M% $1 04 Jl 04
December ... 1 11 1 11 in - 1 11
2 p.. m. Session.
December— $1 11.
OATS— The situation remains unchanged,
the market being steady, with fair offerings
White. $1 224*n '-'5 for California anJ
$1 274t?l 35 for Northern; Black. $1 45S1 65-
Ked. $1 20©l 324 for feed and »1 25@l 35 for
se*d; Gray. $1 32 4.
CORN — Is firmly held at the advance noted
at the close of the week, with Western well
cleaned up and not much domestic offering.
Western sacked. Jl 324 for Yellow. *1 S'ZYi
for White and fl 274 for Mixed: California
large Yellow, fl .'OVi: small round do, fl 40(3
1 00: White, fl 35 per ctl.
RYE— «1 25#1 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT — There ia some on the mar
ket at fl 75^2 per ctl.
cash Parley:
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 35 Jl 36% $1 35 |i 35%
December— $1 374 bid, fl 3S?i asked. :
2 p. m. Session.
* May— fl 35?4.
December— $1 38.
BARLEY — Receipts continue large but the
mark, t is steady -and futures are firm.- Prices
siand about the same. *"*>»• «• p»r - •
FUTURES.
California Club. $1 374^1 40; California
White Australian. (I 50©i 52Vi; Northern
Club. Jl 40@l 41 Vi: Northern Bluestem. $1 50
@1 51 %• Oregon Vallev $1 40.
WHEAT — The Eastern and foreign mar
kets were firm. The American visible supply
decreased 337,000 bushels. The world'n ship
ments for the week were as follows In quar
ters: Russian. 24S.C00; Danublan. 80,000; Ar
gentine 10,000; Indian. 175,000; Australian,
17.C0O. It is. a long time since Australia figured
in these weekly shipments. That country has
Wheat to spare this year.
Chicago wa." 4« lower, but a good deal was
bought for ioreign account. The San Fran
cisco cash market was firmly held but quiet.
The Produce Exchange will adjourn from
Thursday afternoon to Monday," over Christ
mas, and will follow the same procedure next
week over New Year's.
CASH WHEAT.
Wheat and Other Grains.
¦ The La Motne Lumber and Trading Com
pany of San Francisco has levied an assess
ment of ?1 per share, delinquent January 2.J.
The Continental Building and Loan Asso
ciation will pay a dividend of 6 per cent on
term. 5 per cent on ordinary deposits and S
per cent to stockholders, same as last year.
j Aside from a slight advance In Spring Val
ley Water to $39. there was nothing new in
j. local securities. Trading continued light. The
! oil and mining *»ocks were also quiet and
I without feature. The Stock and Bond Ex-
Change will remain closed on Saturday.
Ex -dividend yesterday: California Fruit
Canners' Association regular monthly divi
dend of 60c; California Powder Works (new
corporation)" a regular monthly dividend of
50c: Montana Tonopah Mining Company, divi
dend No. 1 of 5c per share, amounting to
I50.00C; Sliver Hill Mining Company. 5c.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 73®
2 r.O per box for fancy. $1 25® 1 50 for choice,
and 75c@$I 25 for standards; Seedlings, 7.V<G 1 $1;
Tangerines. $1 25 for half boxei» and .75c©$l for
quarter boxes; Japanese Mandarins. $1@1 50
for half boxes: Lemons, Slfri per box: Grape
Fruit. $263 50; Mextcan Limes. $4@4 BO; Ba
nanas. $1@2 per bunch for Hawaiian and ?2?i3
for Central American; Pineapples, $2g3 50 per
dozen.
QUINCES — *0ig60c per. box.
PERSIMMONS— .IOcCSI per box.
Eight cars of Navel Oranges, Including one
of the Sunflower brand from Redlands were
offered at auction. The. Redlands fruit was
well-colored, but the rest of the stock was
more or less green, and prices were low In
consequence. Fancy stock sold from Jl to
$2 20, choice from SOc to $1 25 and standards
from 50c to $1 10. Some fancy Grape Fruit
was offered and sold from $1 50 to $2 CO.
There will be no more auction sales this
week, and but one between now and New
Year 1 *?-
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. $14^16 per bbl.
APPLES— Fancy . Spltxenbergs. $1 75®2 per
box; other varieties, $1@1 50 for fancy, 75390c
for choice and 25S50e for common; Christmas
Apples, $1 60^2.
PEARS^-Winter Nellls. from eold storage,
fl C0®2 D««r box.
The fruit market was quite active on local
account, as retailers were commencing to lay
in supplies for the extra requirements during
the holidays. The demand was confined chiefly
to fancy Apples and well-colored 1 Oranges, but
there were no changes in prices, as .supplies
of both were more than sufficient for require
ments. The market was still overloaded with
poorly colored Oranges, which moved very
slowly at unsteady rates Tangerines and
Mandarins were in good request, while Lem
ons and Grape Fruit were rather dull. A car
load of fancy Baldwin Apples was marketed
and met with a good demand at $1 30 per
box. Fine Newtown Pippins were in good re
quest at the same figure, while Spttienbergs
continued to bring high prices. The demand
for Strawberries was limited and the re
ceipts, although light proved too much. Ma
lindas sold at |2 50<@3 50 per chest, .while the
Cheney variety sold at 5o®«. The other fruits
were in free supply and without quotable
variance.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
STOCK MARKET.
The Nippon Maru brought from Japan 250. >•
000 gold yen to the International Banking
Corporation.
Silver and Exchange remained unchanged.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — >4 S2
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 854
Sterling Exchange, cablea — 4 864
New York Exchange, sight'. — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 074
Silver, per ounce ,. — 544
Mexican Dollars, nominal ! — 43,
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Improvement 15°
Alameda Sugar ••••
American Biscuit ••••
American District Tel ••••
Cal Gas & Electric Corp ...»
California Cotton Mills SO CO 95 0O
California Jockey Club ....
California Shipping Co ....
Cal Title Ins and Trust ...»
Central Hank of Oakland ••••
<*hutes Company __*.••• ••••
: Cypres-a Lawn Imp Co *B 50 ....
Fischer's Theater 2 ft) ....
Gas Consumers' Assn
Honolulu Sugar ...»
Northern California Power ....
North Shore Railroad ¦ ...»
Orpheum Company ••••
Pacific States Tel & Tel ....
Paraffins Paint 3500 ....
San Francisco Drydock ••••
Sanitary Reduction Works... 1 50 ....
Pausalito Land & Ferry ....
Sperry Flour Company ....
Standard Electric --••
Tesla Coal Co 25 00 30 CO
Trucker Electric ••-. ¦•••
! Union Sugar ....
United Gas & Electric ....
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
200 Toltec IS
Street —
500 Sterling 2 *»
500 Sterling, b 90 2 75
Afternoon Session.
Board —
500 Nevada County 39
1000 Oil City Petroleum 28
• Street —
2C00 Associated Trust Certificates.... 19
pronounced for the lower grades, as they lat
terly chewed a declining tendency while the
better grades held firm. According to the
Ideas of some dealers storks remaining in
growers' hands on the coast amount to only
lfc.000 bales and in New York State growers'
hands at only 4000 bales. The local market
was about lc per pound higher. Dealers quite
generally reported a good business with brew
'". they coming into the market as active
buyers. English advices reported firm markets
¦ nd it was understood that England was a
Kooi buyer on the coast. German markets
were reported as showing an advancing ten
dency."
"Advancing prices were reported for Hops.
tJw *>' «aowin»j a rise of about 1 cent per pound
on th» coast, up the State and In the local
market. Ad\-ic*s received from up the State
reported that during the past couple of busi
ness days a prominent New York house *a* a
heavy buyer, taking in Malon* County the
Ffcinner lot. amounting to 240 bales at It
was reported. Sl^c; and also took 30O bales
ad'Htional at full prices. Other sales reported
from other sections of the State amounted to
about 25u bales. The close was firm, with
Trices ranging from 26c to 31 4c for medium
to choice grades. Coast advices reported active
aa4 higher markers; sales were reported made
In. California of 1000 bales at rrice? ranging
from lftc to 224c and in Oregon 1500 bales
were sold at prices ranging from l*e to 22c.
Th» advance in pnres on the coast was mo3t
L*** mail rer^orts from New York say of
Hops:
The Hop Market.
... - - *
vancl'-.g sllghtl}. reacted sharply with the
r?Ft of the market. The closing was dull and
heavy.
The bond market was dull and generally
steady, but simt of the active issues were
heavy. Total sales, par value. *l.S00,000.
United States 2s, 3s and old 4s advanced Vi
and the new 4s declined i» per cent on the
last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 27.700 67 T « 66T« t)7V»
Atchlson pfd 2.900 92% 91"S 91%
I Baltimore & Ohio... 7.000 7»»-4 78*i 78%
I Bait ft Ohio purd... 2,300 8SVi &5V* $~\
1 Canadian Pacific .. 950 119 Ils4 1184
i Central of X J .. 400 1C2 160>i 159
I Ches & Ohio 200 S3V» 33 33
I Chicago & Alton .. 1,900 36 35 35U
I Chicago & A pfd.. 600 70^ 69% 70
I Chi & G W 600 15?i 154 15-ii
I Chi & G W B pfd 27=4
j Chicago & N W . . 1,000 167 166>-i 166» g
I Chicago T &l T 8^
Chicago T & T pfd 100 174 1?4 1<^5
C C C & St Louis. 100 774 774 75
Colorado So 100 14% 14% 14«i
I Colo So 1st pfd 024
I Colo So 2d iTd 224
I D-laware & Hud.. 1.300 1C5 163 1634
I Del, Lack & West. 2,600 2«554 261 262
1 Denver & Rio G • 20&
• IVnver & R G pfd. 200 72% 72S» 70
Erie 22.3U0 3«S 2*.)4 29^
Krle 1st pfd 2.000 €J>Vt »£ fl7=;4
Erie 2d rrfd 1.200 51«,» 5OV4 504
Great Northern pfd 160
Hockin?: Valley 100 734 73Vi 73
Hock Valley pfd S3
Illinois Central ... 200 129^4 129Vi 129%
Iowa Central 2C0 204 204 204
Icwa Central pfd 38
Kansas City So 18V4
Kansas C So pfd 34
Louisville & Nash. 1.250 107 10«4 1061;
Manhattan L 4.250 141'U 141 1, Ul\
Metropolitan S Ry 2,500 122% 121?* 122»4
Minr.eap &' S Louis 60
Missouri Pacific ... 4,100 9.1*4' itt 03**,
Mo, Kans * T .... 100 17*i 17H 17%
Mo. K & T pfd... 500 394 33 384
National of Mx pfd 37
N Y Central 700 119 IIS 1184
Norfolk &. Weet... WOO 57% 57 l ,4 57 v,
Norfolk & W pfd 83
Northern Securities .... S3H
Ontario & Western. 5.000 22% 22 22
Pennsylvania 45,060 11S4 117% 118
Pitusbg. CC & St L CO
Reading 58,600 464 *54 45%
! P.eadir.ff 1st pfd... 2<X> 7S* t 77% 77
Reading 2d pfd 40O 60% &>~\ CO
Rock Island Co.... 13,130 24% 23«4 24»£
Rock leland pfd ... 700 6O4 604 W>4
St L & S F 1st pfd 60
St L& 6T 2d pfd. 100 42'.% 42H 41U
St Louis S W 13^
St Louis SW pfd... 100 3.1 . 33 32
St Paul 10.700 U3% 112U U2Vi
St Paul pfd 1719*
Southern Pacific ... 11..TOO 4*U ¦ 47% 47H
Southern Ry 4.600 21% 2<»-V 20%
Scrjthern Ry pfd... 400 7*i 4 77v» 774
Texae & Pacific .. 8c<0 254 25 24%
Tol. St L & ffvt 2<>0 22 22 22
Tol St L & W cfd 100 35 35 34
Union Pacific 14,150 78 T 4 78'4 7hVi
Union Pacific pfd 88
Wabash 400 20Xi 2O 19;£
Wabash pfd 600 37H 36*4 :J7
Wheel & Lake Erie IJ;^
Wisconsin Cen ... 200 17U liVi 1'
Wisconsin Cen pfd 3| «
Express Companies —
Adams 223
American l^O
United States 101
Weils-Farso ...... 100 210 210 203
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Ccpper:.. 63.600 45>>4 47vi 47Ti
Amer Car & Found. 6.900 20-% 18% 19%
Amer Car & F pfd. 2.100 G8»i C7v« C8
Amer Linseed Oil 9
Amer Lin Oil pfd.., 28
Amer Locomotive. . 14.C0O 1»»4 16 1"?4
Amer Loco pfd 1.700 7» 77?4 77 : ;i
Am Smelt & Ref . . 2.300 «S»A 49«/8 49
Am S & Ref pfd... 1.200 92&i 91 % 92%
Amer Sugar Ref.. 3.2iW 124H 123* t 123%
Anaconda Min Co.. 100 75 73 70
Brklyn Rap Trans. 44.000 Zl% V 50*-i
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 300 27 2liX 264
Colum & Hock Coal 1,000 14% 14 14>-4
Consolidated Gas... 8.S00 1014 1SS% Is£>
General Electric... 600 l»i« 165 16J#
International Paper 400 U% 11 11
InterEtl Paper pfd C2
International Pump 2S
Interntl Pump pfd .... 70
National Biscuit 20%
National Lead 15 V4
North American... 100 76 76 754
Pacific Mall 100 25 23 24
People's Gas l.SOl> 98 97>i 07%
Pressed Steel Car.. 1,000 29 M, 274 28
Pressed S Car pfd .. 300 67 >4 «7 67
Pullman Palace Car 215
Republic Steel 200 6% 64 6^'
Republic Steel pfd. 1,500 40>4 39^4 ?M\
Rubber Goods 2<iO 17*4 1"^4 174
Rubber Goods pfd.. 200 714 71 71%
Tenn Coal Sc Iron.. l.ftOO 34% 33 Vi 3-1'i
U S Leather #... 100 7Vi 7% . ~\%
IT S Leather pfd.. V*) 70 75U 7314
U S Rubber .'. 10
V f? Rubber pfd... 200 39 >j S9',J K9
u s Frt-ei e,coo 10-% 104 ion
IT S Steel pfd M,90<> 03% 544 54 "4
Western Union 40O 83% K54 85
Total sales 460, 100 shares.
T'NITED RAILROADS Of SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Dec. 21.— Bond transactions
I nit«d Railroads of San Francisco: 10.000
at 75%.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S rrf 2s. reg.106 LAN unified is.1004"
Do coupon 10r,4 Man con Kold 4i ,.x02
Do 3s. reg 107% Mex Cent 4s ... 704'
Do coupon 10* Do 1st inc 144
Do new 4g. reg.13.1U Minn & St L 4s. 97
Do coupon 133Vi M K & Tex 4s.. 96U
Do old 4p. reg.1094 bo 2ds 77 '
Do coupon HOVi NRof Mex con 4s 75
Do f*. reg: lOUi N Y C gen 34s.. m%
Do coupon ICI',4 N J C gen 5s 130%
At<*h Ef-a 4s 99ii Nor Pac 4s 102%
Do adj 4s 87 Do 3b 70%
Atlantic C linMs 931* Nor & W con 4s. «6»4
Bal & Ohio 4s.. 101 o S L 4st panic. 91 vA
Do 34s 95 Pa conv 34s 03H
Central of Ga Ss.103% Reading een 4s.. 96*4
Do 1st Inc C8 S L & I M con &S.11U;
Ches & Ohio 4»4!«.1O24 S L & S F tg it. 844
Chi & Alton 3'4s. 74 fit Louis SW lsts. 92
C. B i Q new 4s. 92ifc Seaboard A L 4s. 77U
C.M&St P gen 4s.llO So Pac 4s 88
C & NW con 7s.l3C% So \Ry 6« 114^i
C. U I & P RR4s C8U TeJ & Pac lsts. 1144
Do col 5s 74% T. S L & W 4s. 701
C.C.C & SL,gen4s 06 Union Pac 4s 102%
Chi Term 4s 7G Do conv 4s.... 95%
Cons Tobacco 4*. 50*4 V S Steel <2d 3a.. f9'4,
Colo & So 4s.... 83V4 Wabasti l^ts ...lU 1^
D<-n & Rio G 4s.. 09% Do dej» B . 61%
Erie prior lien 4s. OSljiw & L Erie 4s.: S7
Do ften 4s «C»; WIs Cent 4s , BO
F W & D C lsts. 102% Colo F & I conSs. 71
Hock Val 4»As..IOCV t !
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 25' LUtl* Chief 06
Alice 15 ; Ontarlo •.,.. 6<0
Breece 10;ODhlr 100
Bruns Con 04 Phoenix ........ 16
Com Tunnel C5U|Potosl ...v 1G
Con Cal & Va... 1 00 Savage 3S
Horn Silver X lO.Bierra Nev 44
Iron Silver 1 70 Small Hopes .... -15
Leadville Con ... C2 Standard 1 50
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Westing Com ... 75
Call loans 54#T64 Mining— .
Time loans 5 ©04 Adventure ..:.... 2U
Bonds — Alloucz 4^
Atchi«on 4s 9S4 Amal Copper ... 4SU
Mex Cent 4s 684 Daly West ...... 3314
Railroads — IJInxham 204
Atchlson 67 Calumet & Hecla.433
Do pfd 5*1% Centennial 1414
Boston •& Albany.244 Copper Range. . .. 44 ?i
Boston & Malne.lCC Dom Coal ...... 7G
Ikwton Elev 140 Franklin ,.* 7 ¦
NY N H & H.195 . Isle Royale ....-.^.6
Fltchburg pfd . .1S1 Mobawk ; 3a
Union Pacific 7*K Old Dom ......... g
Mex C*nt 9H Osceola 571$
Miscellaneaus- 1 - Parrot ...: 22
Amer Sugar 123'4 Quincy S4
Do pfd i...l2i>U Santa Fe Copper. 14
Amer Tel & Tel.l2»;^i Tamarack ...... 86
Dom Iron & S.. S\i Trinity. 4T4
Gen Electric ...165 - United States .... Jsu ,
Previous quotations for Efegs are given, but
the market Is weak, with most of the fine
ranch selling at 37%@3Sc. Receipts and stocks
are slowly increasing.
Receipts were 27.500 lbs Butter. 670 cases
Eggs and 1000 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. 25@26c for extras and
22@2lc for seconds; dairy'. 18@24c; store But
ter. 15@17Hc: cold storage. 2l@23c per lb.
CHEESE — 1261^'Vic for the general market.
13c for select mild new and 10011c for lower
igrades; Young Americas, 13@14c; Eastern, 15%
tjlti&e: Western, 14fj;l5c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 37^tf?40c for choice and 35@
3tJc for small and mixed colors: store, 32H*635c;
cold storage, 27^j®32Hc; Eastern, 26®30c for
cold storage.
The Butter market opened weak, though
there was less depression than there was last
week. The feeling was weakest In the lowest
grades, which were offered very low In several
instances. The top quotation for creamery re
mained unchanged. Some dealers reported
more movement since the decline, while Qthers
were still heavily overstocked and willing to
'shade the quotations to work off their -stock.
There Is «ro demand from outside points at
present, and the local market has to take
care of all_the Butter that comes in.
The Cheese market Is as heavily stocked as
ever and continues weak. . *
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Mas Electric ... 18% Utah '• 29>>i
Do pfd 75 Victoria 1H
United Fruit 100 Winona' «%
US Steel 1054 Wolverine -.eS
Do pfd 54%
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Cons for money.. 88% in Y Central 122*4
Do account 88^4 1 Nor & West 59«i
Anaconda :i\\ i>o pfd 90
Atchlson 69V Ont & West 22%
Do pfd 95UI Pennsylvania 61
Bal * Ohio Sl^ Rand Mines . 9
Cana Pac i22Vi Reading 23%
Ch»«s & Ohio 34^4 Do 1st pfd...
Chi Great West.. 16U Do 2d pfd 30*4
Chi, M & St P.147U So Railway 22U
De Beers 20mJ Do pfd SOty '
Den & Rio G 21% 1 So Pacific 49>4
Do pfd 7414J Union Pacific .....80%
Erie 3cv Do pfd 91
Do 1st pfd 7o£ U S Steel 11U
Do 2d pfd 52 Do pfd 57
HI Central 13314 Wabash .... 21
Louis & Nash. .110 Do pfd 38 ,
Mo. Kans & Tex. 18 U
Bar filver — 25 l .4d per ounce.
Money — J4g4 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 3 T i«?4 per cent and for three
months' bills 3»i@334 per cent.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Dec. 21. — FLOUR— Receipts,
29.5«j barrels: exports, 6164 barrels. Firmly
held but no higher, closing unchanged and
eettled. Winter extras. $3 25*53 45; winter
low grades. $2 t»5<g3 20.
WHEAT— Receipts, 149.175 bushela: exports,
0995 buehcls. Spot. firm. "No. 2 red. 93V«c
elevator and IMVic f. o. b.-afloat; No. 1 North
ern Duluth, 95 \c f. o. b. afloat; No., 1 hard
Manitoba, nominal, f. o. b. afloat. ¦' Options
opened firm on further war talk. Influenced by
higher cables and lower consols. They subse
quently weakened under small clparances. ru
mored Armour selling and liberal Southwest -
receipts, but were steadier after midday on ;
bullish visible supply figures. Finally prices
broke under liquidation and closed Vie lower
except for December, which was *4c up. May,
85-<,@!>G4fcc. dosed 85Tic; July, 82H®829se,
closed S2Hic; December. 92%©93%c, clcsed
HOPS — Firm. State, common to choice 1903
crop, 26@34c; 1902. 19©24c; olds. 7@12c. Pa
cific Coast 1903 crop. 22ff29c; 1902, 19@24c;
olds, 7@12c.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Firm.
PETROLEUM— Firm.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. firm; mild. firm. Fu
tures closed steady, net unchanged to 5 poi nts
higher. Sales were 126/000 bushels. Including:
January. 6.60<g6.75c; February. 6.75g6.8Oc;
March 6.S5<ti7c; May, 7:2Ofi7.35c: June, 7.35c;
July, 7.40/37. 50c; September, .7.55©7.75c; Oc
tober. 7.65c; November, 7.80c.
SUGAR — Raw, quiet; fair refining, 3 1-16®
3VJ»c: centrifugal, 96 test, 3 9-lCc; molasses
sugar, 2 13-16 l Sf2Tic; refined, steady.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market ¦ is
firm with demand srood. Common are quoted
at 4@5c: prime, 5%{i5i*c; choice, OgC^c, and
fancy. 7c.
PRL'XK:' — Ruled firm under bullish coast
advices ccreernlng the attitude of holders, who
are taid to be looking for better prices. Quo
tations ranre from 3%c to 6ijc, according to
grade.
APRICOTS — Are quiet, with choice quoted
at 9l4©9He, extra choice at 9V5@10Hc and
fancy at ll<f?15c.
PEACHES — Also are quiet. Choice are
quoted at 7Vi®7 : !ic, extra' choice at 7?4©SV«c
and fancy at 9@'9 1 ,4c.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 21.— The cotton market
closed steady, net 16 to 26 points lower.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Dec. 21. — Clearings. $736,334;
balances. S168.9C2.
TACOMA. Dec. 21.— Clearings, $439,083; bal
ances, $46,96».
PORTLAND, Dec. 21.— Clearings, $6S3,449;
balances, $80,236. . '
Northern Wheat Market.
WASHINGTON.;
TACOMA, Wash.. Dec. ¦ 21.— Wheat— Blue-
6tem, 70c; club, 75c. . f . •
'OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 21. — Wheat— Walla
Walla, 71@72c; bluestem, 77c; valley, 78c.
ST. LOUIS. Dec. 21. — Wool, dull and nom
inal. Medium grades, combing and clothing,
17©2lc;- light fine, 15©17^c; heavy fine. 12®
14 He; tub washed. 2CKg31c.
StrLouis Wool Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 21.— No activity of a
marked • character is evident as the week
opens In the dry goods market, and the buyer
Is determined to take no more than • is abso
lutely necessary for his immediate require
ments. >. Buying Is at asking prices, and In a
quiet way ci*n9iderable merchandise is being
moved. Jobbers are experiencing only a mod
erate business and are busy making prepara
tions for annual clearance sales.
Nezv York Dry Goods Market.
Wall-street Stocks slightly lower on the average.
Local Stocks and Bonds continue very quiet.
•Sz/rvr and Exchange as Previously av.olcd.
Wheat and Barley futures firm. Cash Grain steady.
Xo further change in Oats, Corn and Rye.
Hay and Fcrdstuffs in fair demand and steady.
Lima Beans still firm, ozcinr to dry zvcather in the south.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs zceak and tending dozvnzmrd.
Proz-'sion market of a holiday character.
nops steadily passing out of grotvers hands.
Meat market zi'cll supplied, with large Hogs zvcak.
/ otatoes and Onions not materially changed.
Poultry in heavy supply and easy. Game unchanged.
Supplies of Turkeys show an increase.
'Active holiday demand for Fruit.
Eight cars of Oranges offered at the auction.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
NEW YORK. Dec. 21. — The visible supply
of grain Saturday, December 19. as compiled
by the New York Produce Exchange, ts as
follows: Wheat — 34,567,000 bushels; decrease.
237.000 bushels. Corn, 5,(587.000 bushels; in
crease, 94,000 bushels. Oats— 8,529,000 bushels;
increase, 252.000 bushels. Rye — 1,310,000 bush
els; increase. 151.000 bushels. Barley— 3,944,000
bushels; increase, 12,000 bushels.
Visible Grain Supply.
The Poultry market was liberally supplied.
Three cars of Western livestock were on
sale, and the market for local stock was easy
in consequence. Receipts. however. were
light and prices had no quotable change. Re
ceipts of dressed Turkeys were heavy and
included a car from Oregon and several cars
of Western chilled. The market was rather
unsettled, as retailers had not yet commenced
to stock up. but there was a fair inquiry and
prime stock readily commanded the top quo
tation. Most of the Western chilled was
placed in storage, but what little was on
sale sold within the quoted range." Live Tur
keys arrived freely from local points and the
West, but as the demand was steady prices
were maintained.
There were no changes In Game and re
ceipts were wall up to requirements.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys 20©24c per lb;
live Turkeys, l'Jlil'lc per lb; Geese, per pair,
$1 75®2; Goslings. $2@2 25; Ducks. $5 6066 50
per dozen for old and $0 6O&7 CO for youn;;
Hens, $4 50@5 50 for small and : 6^7 for I.irg-e;
young Roosters, $5@6; old Roosters. $4 50'tfS 50;
Fryers', $4®4 00; Broilers. $4©4 50 for large
and $3#:; 50 for small: Pigeons, flit I 25 per
dozen for old and $2@2 25 for Squabs.
GAME — Mallard Ducks, $3{?4 per dozen;
Canvasback, $3@4; Sprig, $2 50©3; Teal. $1 50
<iil 75; Widgeon, $1 50@2: small Ducks.
$125fn50: Gray Geese. $3; White Geese, $1©
1 60. Brant. $1 25 for small and $2 for large;
Honkers. $5 for large and $4 for small; Eng
lish Snipe, $3: common Snipe. $1 75; Wild
Doves. $1 25; Rabbits. $2 for Cottontails and
$1 25 for Brush; Hare. $1 25.
Poultry and Game.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. W&
7c per lb; White Lead. 6ti®7e. according to
quantity.
RICE— China No. 2. *4 .T5«4 45; No. 1. $S 75
03 00; extra No. 1. $t> 25<??« 5O: Hawaiian.
$5 25; Japan $5 25<g5 80; Louisiana, $4 30®
6 75.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, "A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.fi3c;
Powdered. 5.50c; Candy Granulated. 5.50c: Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.40c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
5 40c; Fruit Granulated. 6.40c; Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only). 5.20c: Confectioners'
A 5 40c: Masnoll* A, 3n; Extra C. ,4.90c:
Golden C. 4.80c; "D." 4.70c; barrels. 10c more;
half barrels, 25c more: boxes. 50c more: 5rt-lb
bags 10c more fcr all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. 5.90c: boxes. 6.15c; H. * E. Crystal
Dominos. 8.4©c oer lb. No ord«"rs taken for
: lets than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. DECEMBER 21.
Flour qr sks... 4.S7« Fv*>\. sks M
Wheat, ctls B10, Shorts, sks 445
Barley ctls . ..11, SS5 pelts. No 2.2.*>S
Oats ctls 4?0 Hides. Nr> 51
Corn' ctls S-tO Butter, ctls 170
Bean's sks ..:.. 3S3 Surar. ctls lSStt
Potatoes sks ... 3.040 Wine gals S7.3fO
Onions sks *<}0 Brandy, rals ... 7..VO
BTan sks l.ft4S Raisins bxa ... 1.<«V»
Middlings, sks... .VO; Paper, rnw CU
Hay tons €43! Leather, rolls .. 11
Straw tons 54 j Tallow, ctls ... CO
Hop<r*b«les 47!Llm«\ bbls 50O
Wool, bales 55* Chicory, bbls ... 10
OREGON. *
Potatoes, sks ... 1201
OILS— Quotations are for barrels; for cases.
add Sc. Linseed. 45c per gallon for boiled 'and
43c for raw; Castor OH. in cases. No. 1. 70c:
Bakers' AA. $1 lOffl 12: Lucfll. 44c for boiled
and 42c for raw; China Nut. 55970c p*?r gallon ;
Cocoanut OH. in barrels. 58c for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. 80c: natural winter Soerm Oil. 75c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. C5c; natural Whale
OlLCOe: extra winter Strained Lard OH. 85c;
No. 1 Lard Oil. 75c: pure Neatsfoot Oil. 75c;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 63c: light Herring OIL 45c;
dark Herring OH. 43c; Salmon OH. 3Sc: bolfed
Fish Oil. 40c; raw Fish OH. 3Sc; boiled Paint
Oil 35c: raw Paint OH. 33c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
15^c: Pearl Oil in cases. 22c: Astral. 22c:
Star, 22c: Extra Star, 26c: Elaine. 2Se: Eocene.
25c; deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk. 17c:
in cases. 23 He: Benzine, in bulk. 13c; in cases.
19Uc: Sfi-degree Gasoline. In bulk, 21c; in
cases. 27 Uc.
TURPENTINE — SOc per gallon In cases and
74c In drums and Iron barrels.
BAGS — Grain Bags. iV85t;c: San Quentin.
5.55c; "Wool Bags. 32333c; Fleece Twine. 7Vi©
8c.
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; New Wel
lington. $3: Seattle, $6 50; Bryant. $t> SO; Bea
ver Hill. $3 50; Standard. $7: Rosljrn. $7;
Ccos Bay. $5 50: Greta. $7; Wallsend, $7; Rich
mond. $7 50; Cumberland. $!¦' in bulk and
$14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
Jll 50; Cannel. $s 50 per ton; Coke. $11 ZO>J
13 per ton in bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions, $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 80 per long ton. according to brand.
General Merchandise.
$1 75«i4 50; canners, $1 2.V«2 30; bulls, $1 75@
4; calves, $2S?5 75. •
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 45,000; to-morrow,
30.000; steady. Mixed and butchers', $4 30®
4 50; good to choice heavy, $4 40©5 40; rough
heavy. U 20@4 40; light, $4 15@4 40; bulk of
sales. $4 3364 45.
SHEEP — Receipts, 20,000; sheep and lambs,
steady. Good to choice wethers, $3 50<@4: fair
to choice mixed. |2 7503 50; Western sheep,
$2 75<g3 OOt native lambs. ?4@5 75; ' Western
lambs, $1 50«g5 CO. ¦".••-.,
from Los Angeles. $1®1 23 per box; Cab
bage. 50c per ctl; Carrots. 50c per sack;
Hothouse Cucumbers. $2 per dozen; Garlic. 6@
7c per lbr Egg'Flfyit, 8@10c per lb; Dried
Peppers. 5@Sc per lb for Stockton and ll@12%c
for southern; Dried Okra, 12}Se per lb; Green
Peppers 43Cc per lb: Mushrooms 20@25c per
lb; Marrowfat and Hubbard Squash. $10tfl2
per ton for round lots and ij 'Sic per lb for
sacked. .
LAMBS — 44g5c p«r lb.
HOGS-Uts Hogs. 140 to 180 lbs. SVtc; over
ISO lbs. 6c; Sows. iO per cent off; Boars, SO
per cent off, and Stags. 40 per cent off irom
above quotations.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1903.
TUE CX)AST RECORD.
"EASTERN MARKETS.
Article* — -'¦'*:•¦ Receipts. Shipments.
Flcur, barrels ...... ...22.400 10.900
Wheat, bushels 57.700 23.400
Corn. hushelB .., 224,fH)O 27,4O>)
Oats, bushels 1M.500 C0.200
Rye. bushels 6,000 • 2.903
Barley, bushels 04.500 " ' cilOO
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
e\ AUCTION SALE of HORSES and
>- r>N MAKES WEDNESDAY. Dec. 23. at It
a. m.. ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 327 SIXTH
ST. By order of C II. Tompson I will sell 33
good hr.rses and mares. Every horse must b«
as represented or money refunded.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALES
DISPERSAL SALE
OP
£->. 54 Thoroughbred Race £-«
<tt2S Hors-s, Brood Mares. Etc **•
From the
MERRIWA STOCK FARM.
R. E. DeB. LOPEZ. Proprietor.
This Is the closing out of the. grandest lot of
Australian and American thoroughbreds ever
offered la this Star?. There are sons and
daughters of St. JlJtjtlo. St. Marco.
Limewaur. Uncit" Jess. Imp. JUeveden. In>t-
Merrlwa. SpU^or. Castor. First Water. Ma«-
Det. Sam lificas. etc. Vhers- are some grand
yearllnjEar two and ttree year olds tracing to
i Musket. Tatten<i^s^iind Goldsbrough.
L!sp (half s'jter to Articulate) will also b«
sold.
As this mark.* the closing up of this farm
a golden opportunity is afforded horsemen t»
get the best representatives of AustralasU.
ever ofrered. Sale takes place
,,-. MONDAY EVENING. Dec. 21. 1903.
Commencing at 7::1O sharp, at
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
248 THIRD ST., Near Folsom.
Catalogues ready.
Horses at sales yard December 19.
WM. O. LAYNG. Auctioneer.
£g> CONTINUATION fe
~OF THE—
Great Auction Sale
—OF—
THOROUGHBRED RACEHORSES
I From the Merriwa Stock Farm Will Take
Place at - j --¦
Occidental Horse Exchange
TO-NIGHT (TfESDAY). December 22. liKtJ.
WM. O. LA TNG. Auctioneer.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. DECEMBER 22, 1903.
14
THE^CALL-
». SPBSCKEZ.S. Prcprletor.
lulls C[ EEBJILJirpisToluHN KCSAPGHT, KaKgr
l»; J. MARTIN Business Manaser.
TELEPHONE.
Afk fcr THE CALL. The Operatcr Will Ccn-
i.ect You Wi;h the Department Vcu \\ :s::.
J"i :bli.-atjon Office Market and Third. S. F. c
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Canierr. 20 C*s. Per Week. 75
Ctf. Ptf Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage iCash With
Ordei):
P.MLV CALL (includ. Sunda-V 1 year. .J'.OO ,
DAILY <~ALL Urulud. Sundsyl <J mos.. 4.OJ
DAtLT «"AI.L — J?y Single Month He
FTTCDATCALU 1 War 2-™
V.rnKI.Y CALL. 1 Year l' M
vr>l>"ii~v I D*Ur.-.$S.M Per Year Extra
iSS^S? -; SondayO 4-1"- Per Y-ar Kxtra
I OS ACE. j \v«kly.. 1 .< 0 Per Year Extra
ALL l-OSTMAETEaS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Ccpltb will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail subscribe!* In ordering change of »d-
<Ii-e«s »hould be i<artic-j!ar to give both NKW
AND CI.D ADL>REfS in order to insure a
rrc-irpt anJ correct corr.pl'ance w.th their re-
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
I 111 Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE: __
C:*S Ccr.rer Siren Telephone North . .
WASHINGTON CO R RESPONDENT^
MORTON E. CRANE 14CG G Street. N. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Wsl-iorf - Ac'mia Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
fr.ion f=.;ja:e: Murray HOI Hcte!; Flfth-ave-
tue Hot»! and HcfTman Ho-se.
CHICAGO NEW? STANDS:
Prx=rrran House: P. O. News Co.: Great
Ncrrbfrn Hotel: Tr'-mont House; Auditorium
Hctf 1 : I'Hlrr.fr Hcuse.
CHICAGO REPRFSEXTATi v it:
C 7B0KGR KP.OGNES.-. - .Marquctte Bu'H'gj
<L<-rg Dlataaoa Telephone. "-Central 261».">
NEW YORK REPBESEXTATIVK:
FTrrjinN B. SJHTH 30 Tribune Building
NT,\v YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CAP.LTON Herald C<juare
PfFINFfP OFFICE of t'.e Fan Francisco
''all earner Market pnd Third streets: open
':rt:! 12 o'clock every r.'.cbt in th» year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
f>C7 Mcrtscmtry strv*et, comer Clay: open un-
til •«:;U> r- n-..
nrw Hnirt meet: cpen until !> p. m.
C8> MtAilifter street; open until i»:30 p. in.
••"R 1.,-rkin ctreft: «i>en until l»:"0 p m.
l''4T }-isr:c:i f lTf*l; open ur.til 10 r. m.
S2*"l Mari:tt ttr«r«t. ccitj^r Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. tn. *
If* l : :!e^e^t^> nr*-*t; cpen unt'.l !> p. m.
1O:'<: Valencia *tre»t: <:en u-ntil 9 p. m.
SCertlmtt corner Churrh and Duncan streets;
•¦pen -.sntil ft T>. tn.
N-r-riwfFt crrner of Twer.ty - second ana
Kfrtoiky ftreetf ; cpen until « p. m.
PSf*O F ! :!mr>'e *;rert: own until 9 p. rn.
KBBTIKG SOTICTKS.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. S. R. A. M.. O
Oil me-t Tl!l.~ (TCESDAT) EVES-VY
IN<; l'«ial.#r 22. Et 7::;u o'clCK-k. / Y\
R A df?re* By .rd^r of the H. P. ,
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sfcrrtary.
Cr:L: ? i:N GATE bodc« No. :u>. K. and m
A M. — < 'ailed m^-Tinf: THIS <Tl'ES-'%/Vf
DAT) i:\XMXG «t 7 o'clock, Sti-/V\
<nu <3?Er«*. By < rdcr of W. M.
EDWIX L. MEYER. Secretary.
TIMTLAR lx.d«r No. 17. I. O. O. aS«SSS«a
K.— 1 - - ;- • --.-. : reliet ¦ mmlttee.
:t\ <• r.junction with the enter tain- "^&S&£J£?
ment ¦omtBtttee <>f that body, will -> i ??w e "'
ifty i-f a fraternal visit THIS (TUESDAY)
EVEXIXG. A good pr<_cran-.me assured.
J. U. MOSBiaOX. R. B.
THE r.nr.ual meetir.p; ol the etockhcliers of
the Nf\i<3a National Bank of San Fran-
<:*co. Ca!.. t»U1 be held at its banking
h'-jFe. :>• 1 llontrfnifrj' street. San Fran-
c.eco. Cal.. en Tuesday. January 12. 1904.
•t :!:!5 p. tn.. for the election of directors '
io terve during the easotas year, and for
the 'vrsr.Jaction cf such other business as
may ccir.e before :he meeting.
GEORGE GRa::T. Sec.
Pan Frar.cisco. IJec. 12. ISO:;.
AGCVTS kU'ASTED.
A'iliyi S--A.n it'n'-v for a proposition that in
a 4*rM*4 impnv»m»nt ',n b'i!!'!:ns str.d loan
i- «')rth havir.c 'Jreat V.-e K terri Imnrov*-
rr.tr' ' . rr.r-::r.y. Parr'tt b«Q4!nr.
ATTOrr\EVS-AT-LA\\\
W. H. BXTTXKR.
ATTOftNITV ANIi tX>UXKEtOR AT LAW.
Advire !n?e. Ph.r.r.e ttaqth T».». >
f>;;«« Ct. fCmma Streckei* n-j'idinc.
;-.»r,icei Tll.etlv HT.d ie^ally ',t,t^, r ,e,i f 0r
«:»;rt -s..:f«-K. '.mr.ac-s <eciii»1 ,-'.r Injiirie* fl !
J-l^ 1 *r eftate; replevins Ttir ;ir'v»rt/ .,n.
:»»?«];>¦ leta'perl; *t»achment« an/1 c*rn<i>h-
r>r.tf :¦ r -l»lit«; h-in<Jn furnlth»<j: Lsntr-iptc/
; r:c-*i".<r,sf.: f. ¦::« ar>-.hate.i: ca«4]<(a eettie-l:
rr iiect ims rria'li* in fill ir*rtf of thi» U. S.
A I RIVATK. -j-.iirk divorce for % small fee. !
fee me au>\ s»ive ror.ney; no pay ;n. tdvan^e
0. W. ROWK. ATTOMXF.Y AT-LAvV.
Et'sMlt-*-*^ JJ >-r». ; mm. I. 2. *. t ir S, ]!t» fl
:i"2 Market ft.. f»t«-vn X!n»on and Tayinr
A ivice Tee ,:; m»tier«. r«etectt'-^» «rnplny«4
P.. ff. KINO. AUorney-«t-!.aw. Exam. hMir..
Cth fli-^-.r. ir.trono* room Sill : -qtnhli^hed JO
yrsrs; nil - aw ; cer.ernl cnur» *nd office ;
JT«ctlce; rjf» fee :r. nr for Cor.KUita-
:i'.n; ">\enln^(; hy dprxiintrnent. Tel. tied VVil.
ADVICE ?ree_t «-tl| advance -e.gt u, rneritorl. ,
B<M c*»e« <Jiv«if-*.«. pr^r-at» *nd ail other ;aw
CSBrfv: T.n !«¦ in j^vgnr-e- r jpen ev~ry •ven-
lr,c. J M. TH'rRFTOS. Muricet «.. r. 31. .
Anvirn: free. •'
Coiumlian Law *»A Collection Agency.
Room S.V J>:« Market ft.; M. Jo nn V22*.
DIVORCE co»-t» t'.2: open -venln^s; tenants !
e;>rt*<!. f.V «;r. MarUt, r Riack BSl. |
niVOHCR — r»«f. $12: quick, qntat: arlvtr- .
fr«e ; onen e^enlngK. 927 Market «c; r. 301. '
L. ;-. CUHK, Krr.niB Fp^ckeU bidg.. W7 Mar- \
k«t tt. : cc.nsultatUn free: no fee? i.i advance.
AD'>"1CE free; nt) charge un!ej!* EOCeMsfot; a'.l
1»»- h..cir>e*« tr ttr nviflmn 027 Xtarket.
nmns. noes. ktc. :
UTAIUXUtXQ CMwriea. talking; parrota:" ail
fcinds of sors ani fancy bird*: Koldfish seed
cer'-». etc. Give u» a trial: w~ »;tl bleas*
y,u. i*4« Market irt,
««>Anpi xg TORtciutjanBy.
l^Afiy wants child tr> board: music •
etc. 644 »*»ne b t '
J.AI'V »«m« a ihiM to hoord. :Xi Vewman (
-t , H..!ly Park.
_l»rs I KES» je CHAKCES. •
fTiiANGfiisj. Attention: s " ~^ .
*"• V'-u I- ckintf lor m mfe nnd profitable bus- '
in«»-f <.;.cning In Surj Frin'-iscn? If « n we ran
-.fT*r you any n.jr,.b-, .-r;u r n^ an inv~»tm*ni
O-m Him t>. ISO.isi^j: »i-«i-y '.u j=.ti-«--- oppo»- »
lunlty tbai |um llir'.ucn our '-ffi-e must -
nan4 the c;.»e¥t !n\.Ftigati'.n, md w« can "J
ilac- ><.u ir. % M«if. factory, ho'el. mill of-
Tict, er. In fact, kny bu*!n^bt. v.uCnay prefer-
kintfjv call nn>l invest irate.
GERM AM A INVESTMENT CO. ,
fcuit -il'l. Emma f=r.ievkW« building. I
A— S ITIt Cr>."T MONTHLY.
On inveftni^rtF of *1C(» Bn ,| upward; no "*•?-
rl<h-<j'jlfk" nviriS.e. turf fpr-.ulat.on c*ni. '
Mine tcherne. bjt a re&i;tabl». established ,
tiuKine^i. ciifii-Ti^ in K«n l-'ranciwo- rle 8 r"ri
fi.7.Ooo !art year an $1(m\C(ai capital- stock ,
inc-it-aFed pjci.oih t n enlareo the uiant; call nr J
write for particulars*.
GERilANlA I.WT.ST. CO.. 927 Market tt. !!
A^ MKnOiAXTS, ATTENTION "
Dc you wii-h to enlatse your LuslneV* or ii !
you deF.re additional capital? If so " W e caii A
fu.-,i.«h v.-mi w.U, a,, active cr rtlent partner .
who w«ll iri»est from Sinn to $.V»<V:o- w <
ha * o. Iwc- iuml.»r DC desirable apulicanti
en our bo«k» f-^kinit »t<-xl hwinrm openinc»
CKOMAKIA INVESTMENT CO
Sun S21. Emma building.
CAU an^ tiie liht of lodging hrmses frcrn
0 io 2U» rcome; cheap rents; hotelx, road-
hoiiFOS. fca.conh. iCfctauranTp, sroceMeb lircTT
rtablee ItutWhl and »old and rxcjiaiumr
money leaned en chattels; millinery store to
exchange. E1TEL & CARROLL. 512 Kearny.
WANTED— Partner with SlKiO; lady preferred*- «*
moving jiic'ure and \au4evllle buslness :
1 an<Jle ycur own money; low rent: lone
l«*«f; "o op|x»«itlon; stand implication. Ad- -
difps box ss:,. Call office. Oakland. »
MIOE store. 12 years' ftandinjr. for wile cheap-
KfK)d trade. Box 3»-27. Call office*
DEUCATCSSRJf & lunchniom, ccrrpi fc tc!y fur- "
nU:tK-d; recflpt;' $4-$5 day; rent $1(1. yss 12th. '
liEI-ICACT ft H<iuor Ktore. liv'nK-rnomii: cick-
n:«* cause: r.t oc*t :»rice. l.'Cl Devlsadero.
fl?io— PARTNER: eftabiished bii!»inef« pajins •
about $200(t annually. BoxJPv<!7. <:al!. I
ynu *ale — rental practice. f^tahlls''»«J » y»nm.
lr>strum.nt« anJ furnli=h»<1 h«ii» ->f 7 r— -m«.
tlf«>; or e< iital Dr*ctl'.-e $'j0O. Box tS«. Call. ,
CURES BTJPTPBE.
WHO DOES IT? HUNTER, 12CG Market et.
Send for circular. Why will you sufferT
DEXTISTS^
DR. GRUSS. 504-5-6 Callaghan bldg.. Market
and McAllister sts.. uses the Basford Obtun-
der. the only device ever Invented for grind-
Ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call »t office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from' $S per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown, $3 00; fillings, 50c;
plates, $5: full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
A. A'RTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon dentist.
room 14, Phelan building. San Franclaco.
PARIS Dental Parlors 235 Kearny,.cor. Bush —
Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c: crowns, $2; no
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt,204 Sutter.
DETECTIVES^
WESTERN Detective Agency attends to all
legitimate detective work, civil and criminal,
shadowing,- Investigations, private informa-
tion; charges reasonable. Parrott bldg., room
4B5. Telephone Howard 2551.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
A^COR^COcTsu^uTBT^^kirifTplaitlng. St*w-
art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
¦ Patterns cut to measure: eve.class. 1019 Mrkt.
~~^~~E DIJCATIOXAL^
CALIFORNIA Business College will move the
first of the year to Its new home, bOO-825
Golden Gate ave.. occupying 18,000 square
feer the entire top floor of the new and spe-
ciafly fitt-d building of the Pioneer Automo-
bile Co.. delightfully located opposite JefTer-
»on Square. Every modern idea looking to
the health, cemfort and best advancement of
our ctudents ' will be incorporated. All de-
partments are to be reorganized and rofur-
nish'.d throughout. When occupied it will be
the largest, finest and most complete business
college west of Chicago.
Write at once for our 75-page illustrated
catalogue, telling all about our special "5 per
cent removal discount ratea.
Address 300 Larkin st. for the present.
ALWAYS the best— We are enlarging our
quarters T>0 per cent; other schools are mov-
ing further out to secure cheap rent; our lo-
cation Is central, among the business houses,
giving advantages in securing posltlons^also
convenient car a»rvlce; experienced business
men as teachers; actual business bookkeep-
ing; Gregg shorthand (used in half the
schools In America); typewriter at home
free. SAN FRAN'CISCO- BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 12.{(i Market st.
AYRES, the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket St.: established IS yenrs; life scholar-
ship. fr.O; bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typ-
ing, arithmetic, spelling, etc.: iioxitions w-
'cured: the college refurnished with new
typewriters and furniture Jan. 1. Catalogue
free.
HEALD'R BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST, S.
'¦"• — Bookkeeping, slim t tin rid touch typing.
langiiHKos. relfernphy. Kngllnl) branches; day
and ntcht sessions; Illusl rated catalogun free.
CALIFORNIA Business College, .-jo." r^rkln st.
"A thorough school"; position* secured for
graduates; modern methods; • Individual In-
Ftruqinn. Write fr>r Illustrated catalogue.
HINMAN'P Academy; ' n thorough school of
• l.inr»:nc: estnMisl,*,! 20 yenrs. 1412 Polk si..
I »tw»m Tine anil California: both ndnlt nnd
children s clrfsses are now open for the* season.
TITR T.ycetim.- an accredited preparatory school
for the university, |»y nnd medlenl colleges;
ref._ I'residpnl .tordnn or anr Stanford profeji-
"or: day and evening sessions. Plielnn bldg.
Tine PAUL OEHSON School of Acting, the
foremost Institution of tpA kind Io Ihe entire
'.Vest: 12 teachers: sen<1 'for eatnlo-niA. Nn.-
:lvv Pops' l.ldg.. 4)4 Mason st.
HEALD'S School of Mines *: ElActrlcMr.24 Post
«t.. R. !•*. : a practical scliool of engineering;
complet* equipment. Ppectnl catalogue free..
DANCINO Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Run-
day evg«.. Teutonic Hqll. Howard St., nr.
Pth. Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
KNOIVKKRINO — Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay. cyanl<lA; day. ev. ; est. lSf>4. Van
der Nalller; Pchooi. 1 in Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION.. Day and
FAirnSOTON'S. 424 Fine pt Night class.
ARITHMETIC. bookkAAplnc. eramrnar. writing.
etc.; dny or eve.; yr, rno. l"g.l Mission. nr.Pth.
employmkjvt offices. ~
'iEORGE AOKI. 421 Post sf, tel. Bush 133 —
jai>«ii»f-«--OHn.-«e employment office; _fur-
nish"? b<? e t help; contracts for farm lielp.'etc.
A — ORVHEIJM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 42« Powell. T«l. Main r.7. r i2.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Kmp. Offlee, 415
Stockton: tei./Ornnt 1*;8; expert, reliable hei fl .
RKLTAHLE .lapanese-Chines? Employment Of-
fice; n ii kinds help. a]5 Stockton; Main M«a.
CHINESE Employm-nt. Offlc»— B««t help at
L»or, seung's. 41 1 H O'Farrell: ft. Fast 42rt.
•"•HINESR and* Japanese help: estab. 2P rears.
Tel. Mafn 1PPT. nr»>r>f.irv *- «"•<"».. "-if f"l»r.
ISMPLOVMEXT WAXTED-— FEMALE.
LADY wants a situation as companion, house-
keeper or governess In or near San Francisco.
Box 3000, Call office.
A — SKCRF-TARY: experienced young hiis)rt»«"
woman; expert bookkeeper. . cashier, typist,
ccrespondepf: best references. -Rot 4S.1«.
Call offlc. •
A — BOOKKEEPER, cashier, typist: general of-
. flee work; young lady: accurate, rapid re-
liable; best references. BoxJSMl. Call.
A COMPETENT woman wishes work by the
day: can give the best of references. Call or
address J. ¦ V.. 1403 Devlsadero st.
A T.ADY piano player wants a position. Ad-
Jr. ss 122 Turk st. '
MIDDLE-AGEO American womnn wishes
working housekeeper's position: R«vd work,
neat nnd reliable. MRS. FAIRBANKS. Co-
ts 1 1. Sunr.n-.a Co. •
PLAIN Fewlns to do at home. 50 Valley st.
Oakland.
COLORED lady would like general housework
, by the day. 010 Latltin st.
GLASSWARE packer. 3 years' exp., wishes
position in some reliable house. Box 35(J9.Call
WANTED — Plain /sewing or mending; neatly
done. 34 Clyde st.
__ — . — I
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received Bt !
Call lira nch office, cor. Duncan * Church *•!«•.
WANT ads and subscription* taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. B.T3 McAllister st. .
EMPLOYMEVr WANTED MALE.
WANTED— Position as coachman; understands
-.milking and anything pertaining to ths tare
of horses and cows: must have place at once;
rt- f cTciues furnished. Box 453*. Call office. ;
HOUSECLEANING. sawlns, gardening or any
kind of work, by the day. Address H. WIL-
LIAMS, 2C5- Second st. ' .
GOOD barber seeks steady -employment.
BARBER, 1104 Page sU city. " I
A— Girls to learn millinery now for epr'n* «•»"
sob: both seasons taught from start to flnwn
tn 1 month for #10; positions as t""J m *":
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10per wic.up.
day and evening class. 143 Stockton at., r. !¦>.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARl.
PAID SALARY. LEV! STRAUSa & c "--=
FACTORIES. 32H KKEMONT ST. A.ND !»'•>
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
A— LADIES to learn all branches halrdresslng
trade; menicuring. massage, etc. 1236 Mar-
ket st.. cor. Jones, room »4; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve, class; call.
LADIES wanted everywhere, copying letters at
home, evenings cr spare time, and return to
us; no mailing or canvassing; $9 weekly
earned; materials free. Enclose self -addressed
envelope for particulars. Guarantee Co., No.
S. 4. Ninth St.. Philadelphia, Pa.
BOOKKEEPER for first-class restaurant:
double entry: must have knowledge typewrit-
ing. Apply 9 a. m. to 12 m.. Restaurant
Keepers' Association, 6 Eddy St., room 40; no
fee.
WAXTED — A good German or Swedish girl
for a small family to do general housework;
good wages. 1520 Geary «t.
WANTED— Nurse slrl who will be willing to
assist housework; liberal wages to competent
person. 2C07 Fillmore st.
RARE chance to enter vaudeville, $30 per
week guaranteed; must be able to purchase
equipment. Address Manager, box 453U, Call.
WANTED— A first-class white maid. Call be-
fore 11. Orinta. Mason st. bet. Eddy and
Ellis. MRS. F. ESHNER. "room 403.
A GIRL. for general housework and cooking;
3 in family. 3000 Sacramento st.
GIRL for housework and cooking In small fam-
ily; good wages. 2140 Post st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 8 p. m. Wednesday: salary no object.
A LADY free from home cares can secure
permanent position by addressing imrne-
dlately Box 355.:. f Call office.
WANTED— Apprentices en millinery at 138
Geary st. ,
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Mtas
M. G. Barrett. Inatructor. 302 Montgomery.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market tt.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
HELP WANTED MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY. C34-63G Clay st.
Phone Main 5S4S.
leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1002 we save 1903 we'll give
45,000 men work. 60,000 men work.
Arizona, close to Preseott. $9.
—LOOK—
Assistant marker In laundry, fare $1: $60.
German or Scandinavian cook, wife, hotel, $50
and found.
—COOK AND WIFE—
Carriage Trimmer, old Mexico: free fare.
$9— DON'T FORGET— $9
Arizona. To-day. Preseott.
Steady Jobs for 2 years. B!g wages.
—ITALIANS—
40 Italians to chop wood, tools found.
NEW R. R. WORK.
155 Ital'ans of Portuguese. $C0.
105 Greeks or Spaniards, JCO.
155 Austrians or Mexicans. $60.
• * — MARRIED —
Man as choreman and milk 4 cows, wife wait
on table at mine. $60 and found.
Baker's helper, $25: blacksmith helper, $60:
waiter, cafe, louvre, fare $2 50; $."?5 found;
bellboy, $25 found; tinner, country; 2 sack
sewers, J75; stableman, south, ?35 found.
—LAUNDRY—
Ironer, laundry south; $15 we»k.
. —CATHOLIC CHURCH—
Sexton, young or middle-aged man: $25 fd.
— MINERS, MACHINE MEN —
5 miners, special good mine; $8P.
MAN AND WIFE. LUMBER CO.
Man laDor, wife waitress; ?25 month wife;
man $2 day.
5 cooks, $30. $40. $.">n. $60 found.
—BIG LUMBER COMPANY—
R crosscut sawyers, boss here.
* Pheepherder: $25 farm hands.
Walter. cofTee-house. *1O 5O; waiter. $11 wk.
MURRAY & READY. 634-63C Clay st.
— LARGE MINE SYNDICATE—
—STEADY JOBS YEAR ROUND—
25 laborers, "special R. R. fare." no experi-
ence required; youll suit: t(S to $78 month;
board and lodging $20 month.
MURRAY & HEADY. 634 and €36 Clay st.
—GENERAL MANAGER HERE —
—CHEAP. RAILROAD FARE—
25 four-horse teamsters, $52 and found.
—CHEAP OFFICE FEES—
25 four-horse teamsters. $52 and found.
EXCEPTIONALLY GOOD JOB.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED — Cook. $35: cook, hotel, country.
$:t0; 2 second girls, $20. $25:' chambermaid,
private family, $30; help delicatessen. $20:
waitress, country, $25; chambermaid and
waiting, $25: country commercial hotel, $25:
housework. $'(0: second girl. Oakland. $30; ::
nurse elrlsv S2<». $25: waitress. Vallejo. $10;
laundress, Sacramento. $23; cook and sec-
ond girl. $25. $20: cook "for ranch, and 44
house s-irls. $20. $2R. *•'«>. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
WANTED — Gardener and man about private
place, $25, references, call early; man and
wife for fruit farm. $45: poultry man and
chores for lr.stltutlcn. $23: broiler and fry
cook: relief cook: waiter, country, etc. J.
F. CRCSETT & CO.. C2S Sacramento st.
AT San. Fran. Empl. Bureau, 17 Fourth st. —
3 first-class bollermakers for Fresno: 2 ce-
ment helpers, city. Phone Grant 26.
IF you are rot satisfied with your salary we
have an opening whereby you can earn legiti-
mately $40 weekly; gentlemanly occupation;
good address; business knowledge necessary.
Royal Mercantile Co.. suite lO.Columblan bid.
YOUNG men everywhere, copy letters, home
evenings, $!) 50 week. Send addressed envel-
ope for particulars. Manager Dept. S4, box
1411, Philadelphia. Pa.
WANTED — Active man. office and outside
work; do collecting: salary $3O month: cash
deposit $2C0 required. Rm. 8. 19 Montgom'y.
RARE chance to enter vaudeville; $30 per
week cuaranteed: must be able to purchase
equipment. Address Manager, box 4540,Call.
WANTED — Experienced salesman for fur-
nishing goeds department. Apply S. N.
WOOD & CO.. 740 Market st.
BARBER: fine place f6r married man: if you
have not $150 don't answer. Box 3607. Call.
FCR sale cheap; 2 barber chairs, 2 mirrors and
pole. Apply Mr,y t Seventh, cor. Harrison.
A LUNCH waiter wanted at NE. cor"of
Beale and Howard sts.
WANTED — Dishwasher In small restaurant -
J $6 per week, half day Sunday. ZM3 Market.
BARBER. 209 Larlfln St.; brirR tools.
TAILOR — Bushelman wanted. Apply ready
for work. S. N. WOOD & CO.
BARBER yhop In Berkeley, rurnlng 2 chairs-
well fitted: d<jlnsr good business: must be
sold. STOLTZ. Barber Sup. H'se.723 Markt.
BARBERS— 2-chair thon for rale; cheepTV;
Polk *t., near Market.
BARBER shdp— Cheap; two chairs; rent $0.
_41S Larkln st.
A— I* ; £,
Men to learn the barber trade in two months
and secure gocd positions; catalogue and full
Informj-t'on mallsVl free. MOLER System
College. C35 Clay st.
TRY our men's shoes, union rn.ide. at $1 and
$1 TXi per ,palr. foot-form sro«* at $2 50. or
rrthipecif. ¦ fho»s. $**. TO: best <hoes on earth. It-
Third ft.. Exam. hid*.. S doors from Market.
GENTLEMAN* experienced In formation of
stock company for commercial purposes;
references. X. Y; Z.. Box 3612. Call ofttce.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a good
talker. <eager to make money. F. PERSON".
477 and 47S Parrctt building. j
BARBERS — Well-paying three-chair shop for
saie. 3250 Mission st.
EXPERIENCED shirt cutters: state wages and
references. Box .181.1. Cal!.
TRY cur men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 SO; we pay
express or mail charges. 11 3d at.. Exam. bid.
MEN and women wanted to learn barber
trade under good teacher. 647 Commercial st.
MEN to learn barber trade. San Francisco
Barber College. 741A Howard at.
SEAMEN for Australia and Europe; also green
hands for whaling. HERMAN'S. 22 East st.
WANTED — For V. S. Marine Corps", able-
bodied unmarried men. between 21 and .13:
'good character: must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-
war In a*l' parts of the world, on land tn our
Island pesse'sier? and at naval stations In
the United States. Applv at recrultlna; of-
fice,' 40 E!lis st.. San Francisco. Cal.. and
401 K st..- ?«erarr>Arito.-0 > .!.
PF.NSION Rtty.. E. A. RuPla. room 40. Phetan
bldg.- Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
MCDONALD * PERRY have a large stock of
Dew and second-hand shoes; cheap. 233 3d st.
EMPLOY.!IE.\T AVAXTED — MALE.
WANTED — By experienced man. position as
gardener on private place; understands flow-
ers, vegetables, fruits; can milk; groom; best
of references. Box S80, Call office, Oakland.
ACTIVE, Intelligent, trustworthy, all-around
man wants situation: any kind of inside or
outside work; references. Box 4.">53. Call.
DENTIST — Intelligent youn^ man. desirous of
learning profession, wishes position in dental
office. Box 3U0S. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS electrician with some technical
training and » years' experience in electric
light and power plant (alternating and direct)
and all repairs, desires position In city or
country; letters of ' recommendation. Box
4817. Call office.
STEADY, reliable Scandinavian wants work
of any kind; can drive and care for horses.
• Box 3011. Call office.
COOK In a lunchhouse or coffee saloon. T.
SOTO. 1525 Powell st.
BY middle-aged man and wife (English) situ-
ations with private family or ranch; late
Fteward and stewardess on shir 1 :- references.
Address A. TUCKER. 210 East St., S. F.
WOULD like a permanent position In capacity
of clerk; can give best of references; former-
ly assistant purchasing agent for large East-
ern packing company. Box 4800. 'Call.
BARBER desires a position for evenings and
Saturday (Sun.). 1410 Larkln et.. nr. Califor-
nia. Call before 0 a. m. and after 4 p. m. ex-
cept Sun.
WANTED — A ret of books to keep by a com-
petent bookkeeper: afternoons. Address P.
O. box 2230. jjan Francisco.
YOUNG married man desires position In Oak-
land or vicinity: gocd horseman and gar-
dener. Box 8S3, Call office, Oakland.
YOUNG American assayer and chemist desire*
position in this or foreign country. STAN-
TON, 736 Fourteenth st.. city.
YOUNG man not afraid of work; 4 years' ex-
perience as grocery clerk, with good recom-
mendations. Box 4St»2. Call.
WANT position In butUr or cheese factory;
15 years' experience lrv New York State.
Address box'48S8. Call. t
A FIRST-CLASS French and German cook;
private boardlng-hcdse; very good references.
595 Ellis St., rear.
FIRST-CLASS Northern barber wants flrst-
ciass job: state wages. Address E. £.. box
4S1C, Call.
A YOUNG man would like a position as bell-
boy. Box 3534. Call office.
GARDENER wants position, unmarried: age
34. Box 35-10.. Call office.
BARTENDER wants position; best of refer-
ences; quick mixer. Call 153 Lexington ave.
JAPANESE boy wants a position: housework;
plain cook. J. Y. M. C. A.. 121 Haight St.,
K. 1MAI.
¦*
YOUNG ClWnaman wishes position as cook.
AH SINO. 021 Dupont St.
JAPANESE boy wants a position as school-
boy. MOROWOKA. Nako Hotel, 500 Bush.
BRIGHT Japanese boy wants a situation as
schoolboy. Box 4S25. Call.
EXrEIlT OPTICIAN. '
GEORGE MAYERLE'S GLASSES are tar sii-
perior to all others for reading, working or
distance, weak eyes, poor sight, headache,
dizziness, nervousness, cloudiness of vision,
floating spots, pain in or about the eyes, be-
hind the head cr In the temples, sore or In-
flamed eyes or eyelids, watery, itching, smart-
ing, twitching, scratching" eyes, cross eyes,
gluey, crusty or heavy eyelids and many
othfr eye troubles. Mayerle's classes .are
used by tlw^hlghest United States army, navy
and Government officials and most eminent
clergymen, educators, doctors, lawyers and
rr.en who appreciate the soothing and strength-
ening efTect of these glasses. GEORGE
MAYERLE'S EYEGLASSES make an ex-
cellpnt Xnia.s gift: sent by express; can be
tried before paying charges: German eye-
water. 50c, by mail 62e. GEORGE MAY-
ERLE. GERMAN EXPERT OPTICIAN. 10/1
Market st.
£* rACIAX, MASSAGE.
A — WRINKLES removed; fine complexion guar-
anteed, new method: COc. M. LUTON. mani-
curing parlors, 764 Larkin st.: phone Polk 17.
FLATS TO LETV
A— HOUSES and flats to let: an tmmens* Mat;
«ervlce absolutely free: take advantage of
this department; It will tare you lima and
trcuble. Cordes FurnitUf* Co., :i43-2£» Geary
it., cu the itjuare.
ALL of the most desirable Hats an i houses art
listed In cur renting department: let us glvt
jcu a list and help you rind one in the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY. lu;JD Market »U; tervlte* at>*o-
lutely Iree.
MASONIC ave., 1317 — Elegant sunny upper
flat: 7 rooms and bath; near park.
FLATS TO LET — FURXISIIEdT^
810 DIAMOND— Fl.n of 3 sunny furnished
rooms: hot nnd cold water.
:\ FINANCIAL. ~~
WE have gllt-fdge first mortgages for sale in
amounts $100 to $10,000. netting ti per cent
• Interest; payment of nrincipal and Interest
guaranteed. FULLER & FRIERSON.
IOCS Eighth st.. Oakland.
COMPANIES Incorporated, financed and stock
floated. W. H.-IUTTNKR. Lawyer and Fl-
. nanclal Ag?nt. 322 Emma Spreckels bide.
Fl'KMTIRE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE for'! housekeeping rooms, com-
plete. for sale cheap. 24tl Harrison st.
Fl'UNITUnE AV.VNTEIX
I A — Highest price paid lor fur., carpets, etc Mrs
T. B. Selby. Equitable Fur. Co.. 812 Larkln! I
.HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse L H
BURD. auction»er,lSl8 Mkt. ;tel. Howard 275fi!
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission, phone Red 4462
buys, rents, repair?, packs furniture, carpets!
IIELP \\ ANTED— Fe1SaLE~
AT San Franolico Employment Bureau 17
• Fourth »t.. phone Grant 2«5 — Light housework
for 2, city. «H ;i wet'k and found; companion
for lady, $15; housework for 4. city, $25- l'ght
chamber work, city, $10. '
A COLORED maid for a gocd place: $."> a week
'board nnd rcom. ¦ MISS PLUNKETT 4->S
, 1 Sutter St., near Powell. « , '
A WOMAN with cne child as working hous»-
kecper; $15. Call . at MISS PLUNKETT'S
*425 Sutter st., near Powell. *
A HOTEL housekeeper; first-clas-s reference*-
$40. C. R.HAXSEX & CO., J20 Bush Jt '
A— WANTED-^GIrls to learn hairdressing"
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
. rttlons to fill immediately; petitions guaran-
teed at $10 per week ud; leading schoor-in
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A .S, ES f. E pT4 BLE youn « "ght duties:
812. Hotel Elsmere, 418 Sutter st. :
LODGIXG-HOLSES FOR SALE— Con.
• (Established eighteen yonrs.J
r Jw« will sell any house.,
MARION thn'. Installment plan.|
GRIFFIN. • j Business — Is — Booming.
1 O»ll, writ* or phono n«|
fJ • for big fr«A list of houses.)
> Tltl- »h«trnc.t furnlKherl free.)
fRoom *W. Examiner nulldln*.) '
» Phon. BUck WaW. Tftko elevator to 4th floor.
Corner ".d and Market sts.. San Francisco.
, B rooms on O'Farrell; $«'>00: reduced to $1W);
« r*n> $10; s well furnished snap.
t 10O .roomn; Tlmt-claim family hotel: nil nml-
) »rn mnvonloncHi; culntnn an<l service Fpec.ial
f»»tur<>B; 10-year lease; ocean water on each
floor.
I fifi roomn; n»w «nd modern building: splendid
, • furnishing*; r.-year lease; clears $4.V> mon^h.
21 room«: high-toned transient corner hoi!M»;,
.". blockii of Market: clears $150 to $20-^
month.
1 34 rooms; rnrn»r hoii»«>. norlli Market; ro<1uc«-«l
• to $22.V>: term* one-half down «m<l IrisTall-
mentii. or will exchange for smaller hou«»
or real ectatn
1 — —
» 2R roomn; corner: 3 blockn of Market: fl.iriO;
renr $75; a good, honent Indglng-housA.
SO rooms; now nru] modern: extra fin* fjjrn'sh-
1 lng««; hot water In every room; very swoli;
$lB0ft to $20<V> In e.ash necessary: lejise;
c1enr« $170.
?O rooms: nA^^ hous* 1 : new furnishing*; r«nt
$1O; npvere nlckr.es* reduced th« prlc* to
$r!00rt
2.1 rooms: r»«r Turk and Market; r«nt flOO;
clears $125 month; CI70O; central; *a*y
j t»>rmii
I 37 roomjf: fiirnieheo 1 eorg»oijs!y In velvet »n/1
hiT'lsey** maple: new; 5-year leaB»: hlg profit.
R2 roorpB; jr-OOO; rent $2?K: gusranfoA/l to h»
clearing $250 month 8bov» all •Tp»njM>s; r«»-
opertable; ''K-year lease; flne corner hoiiso.
2S rooms: $I2V>: great bargain: must «»11:
r*>nt BWl: full of p«»ople: <jnlpt hoiiB*».
?.2 rooms: corr.fcr apartment- hnnca In spacioti*
groiird*: rent $l2. r >: clearB $2fk>; w«>ll fur-
nished.
so rooms: $1000; «-<li apart ments: 4-y?9r
lense: up to dat*; new house: paving big
dlvidondi*
20 rooms 'n fine ground*: largo, "unlit man-
sion: magnificently furnished; now clearing
$150: death call*" of *a!»: hoardlntr-hnuso.
W-room hot»> with bar: doing rushing busi-
ness: oak «n-1 cherry furniture; worth $10.-
OOfi: will Fell for ?K.*.r.<i: dissolution of part-
nership.
14-room pickup: a holiday gift for romit £••
serving lady: price $0RO cash: a respectable
houi=« clearlns $S« monthly.
15 room*; 51100: transient house, near Mar-
ket: good condition: easy terms:. make* much
money. .¦
A ROOMING-HOUSE snap; IS rooms In a fine
location; Just furnished new: If you take It
quick a very low price will be made; don't
overlook this offer; there's nothing in Y town
to beat it. Apply H. S. RANSOM. 201 Geary.
FOR SALE— A BOARDING-HOCSE; MEDIUM
SIZE: ELEGANTLY FURNISHED;. LOCA-
TION BEST IN THE CJTY: LEASE;
OWNER LEAVING TOWN. BOX 2833.
CALL OFFICE.
A— $3000; PRIVATE boarding-house, with 40
elegantly furnished rooms, on Van Ness ave.;
rcoms always occupied and flrst-claas patron-
age. See R. G. WILKE. 26 14 Kearny st.
A GOOD paying- boarding-house, 12 rooms;
splendid location; one block from local; sold
cheap If taken within 10 days; all new fur-
niture. Box SS4, Call office. Oakland.
A— $1100: 21 ROOMS: on Fourth near Market;
nicely furnished; clears $90: lease: cheap
rent. KI'REKA REALTY CO.. 71R Market.
SPIRITUALISM.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy st.. nr. Octavla; phone Scotf$S7.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle, to-
night. lCc; readings dally." (119 McAllister st.
W. B. KERGAX holds test seances every night
.xr.it Sat.. !Oc; sit.. 10 to 5. 148 Sixth, st.
MEDIUM, cenl reader: ladles only; readings
•J.V up. 412'/j Tehama St.. bet. JUh and 6th.
EDWARD EART.E. 10r.2 Ellis, readings dally,
Q.lift to 4. roanrM Sunday and Thursday.
~ CLAinVOVAXTS.
A--PA T ¦ tTdF.STT N fT"^
Th* First Reglctered Trnnr-o Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In Han Francisco.
Read Carefully. An Honest Proposition.
No Charge No Cl>arg*
Unless you nhta'n lh» Information for which
you consult. m».
t *1o her Ar* v - Ro!<*tTi nty a z r* 5 ** p ml irua m n t aa to
malt- no •Hare IT I rail 10 tell your nam». op.
cupation and what you called for; I promise to
tell you if husband. wlf» or *w»Ptheart is tru»
or falsf-; tell who and whon you will marry: In
fact. I will t«ll «-v»ry Impe. f»ar or nmhltlpn
h«>M»r limn you can tell ynrsulf; I r*tmlt» tho
s«raratA'1. rot(nr« lost afr«ctlons. rauno «iM><«ly
«nd happy marriage, givo you er>o,l luclc. r»-
etore lopt energy: jo a. m. to s p. m.: Sun. 2-«.
32<l OFarrell st. ; low fee this week— $1. $1. $1.
WMKV. BERNARD. T7IE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and b'isln»m medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. nfxt Examiner
bi«l«r.; she reads your \'ft correctly. glv»» an
accurst'" dARCriptlon of th» pa«t. r»v»«l« «h»
present hajiponines an<1 i^irtrnys ovont« tn
'•ccur In the future; If you are In (rouble, dis-
contented or pot satisfiorl w|«l» llf». nr hav»
dom»»tlc. love or hu«!n»ss tr"<)til»«. consult
this great medium anil you w|l( bA told bow-
to overonmA thArti; valuablA a'UIcA in all af-
fairs of UfA; 2'ic «p: pqtisrnction guaranteed:
readings by mail. T»l. Black 4. r ifl9.
A. LIVORNO.
The 'W r orld-R»nownerl Palmist
And -Crystal O»zer.
nt JCeaTy ft., ever Hammersmith * Fi«id"«;
se«" portrait °; Mrp". fjvorno and «rtglnal
testimoniaiB from dlstlnsrulshAd r»ople at en-
trancA; .1 tii**tfqn* hy mail. SI. Send month
and year of birth.
ISMAR. the Eg/ptlan eypFy. clalrvoyapt «ind
palmist. permanAntly i»>cntA(i nt il rt * Mark»t
«U. cf>r. Turk; prlvat* roariinsrs «iqiiy. 10 a.
m. to T> p. m.; rpadlnir* hy mall as »at.|sf8c-
tory as Ip person: .'! -questions answered. $j;
full life. J5; send lock of hair. dati» and year
of birth; dont send currency; send postpfflc*.
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MRS. A. H. KRONEN-BERG, palmist, clair-
voyant. card reader: when others fail try me:
rood reading 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. O. G. ave.
MME. VKINA. wonderful trance medium and
card read«r: just returned from long ab-
sence. 40*; Geary Ft., near Mason, room 1.
A — Mrne. Ravenra reads life, business advice:
names given; 25c up. B «th st., near MHrk't.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
2<Hi Kearny. room 20; ladles. 25c; gents, 50c.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader re-
n.oved from 132 nth to 2?.ijj Cth; la.25c. g. 50c.
MISS WARD, removed to 917 Market, rs. H-12
gives names, date*, facta. Hours 11 to 0 p.m.'
MME. WALTERS, great card render; la. ?n7
gents .V>c. 0M Mission Ft.. r;r. nth; op»n Sun'.
MI5S ZEMDAH. younsr gifted clair. and palm ;
names: L. 50c. G. $1. 714 Franklin, nr.G.G.ave.
MME. MARSF.AU. card reader: ~^U»die« 23c-
gents. 50c. T>45 Minna st.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader- slt-
tlngs daily. 448 y, Je*«| e st.. bet. ?th and <ith.
CAHFKT BKATIXG ,^£CLEAX^gI {
AIR now universally UEed In cleaning carpets
on floor, without removal; price moderate '
S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co. Call '
building. Phone Main C237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat- "
Ing Works. 355-35" Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
TRY Hopke Bros.; carpet beatin?; mattresses :
made oveV. 1432 Howard; tel. South 21fl.-
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1(509 Har-
rlsor. st.; Al cleaning; 3c; tel. Mission 225. j
ADVANCE Carpet CleRnln? Co., 402 Sutter st •
tel. Main 3M. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Propi! *
HOUSE, window and carpet cleaning: walls j
painted and -whitewashed. 027 Sacramento st.' ',
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison at.: tel. Mission 203 :
CO ,5L KLIN " S Su Per!or Carpet-beating Works,
..33 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 12fi.
COLLECTION OFFICES. : ~
11AU tettams ejected for $4; collectlona^madei
y w. country.- PACIFIC COLLECTION
_C£> 11 _4_lB_Montrorn*ry. rooms i>-10: ¦ tel. 8580. !
CREDIT CI>OTHZSSS.
C." F. ADAMS CO. • ," '' '
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE
We rioth* the whoi- family :irom hats |«
eboes: everything up to date at cash nrir»* .
Credit fc-r all. 318 Mason st. ]
HOY your suits and overcoats at LICHTEN-
STEIN BROS.. 25 Stockton Ft. on SSall .
weekly payments: goods delivered on first- (
payment.
• WHY pay big prtces to have your shoes half-
1 «ole<l when you can get It done for 25c. 50c
and CCc Wfcfifl you wait at BBS Mission st..
; bet. If* and Cd sts.. cr 11 Third st. ?
WANTED — An all around bockblmter: one who
can do forwardirc and finishing on full
bounds. Apply SANEORN. VAIL & CO.. 741
: Market st.
• WANTED — Laborers and mech»r.!os to know
that Ed Rolkin. Rero House proprietor. ha»
adilfd ICO new rooms to the Denver Housw,
; • 217 Third St.: 250 rooms: 23c to 50c per night.
PALMER HENDRIKSON. formerly of Seatf.s.
is earnei-tly requested to v.-rlte to his sorrow-
ing mother or come home.
; PENSION ATTY.. 11. HARRI3. 40 EIIU St.: 14
1 years' practice; references from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st . near Mar-
ket — 7C0 rcoms; 33c night: reading rcoms:
free 'bus and baggage to and fr.;m ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has bt-en
opened at K.08 Marhet St.. • opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damage-i, half
price. CCS Mission St., bet. 1st and 24 sts.
GFT your shoes half solsd while waiting; 2T!o
to 50c. 5CT Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AXDJVAGOSC.
FOR sale — Handsome trap, cheap. Address
box S759, Call office.
FOR sale — 3 young horses; alngla or doubla.
Apply 9C3 York st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagoa
and go-cart for sale cheap. 332 Mission, st.
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons, buclcb'd. »ur-
rey. harness, work, driving horsea. 15th- Valencia
HOUSES TO LET.
A PRINTED Mst of housea to let; send for dr.
cular. G.H.fMBSEN & CO.. U Montgomery.
A— HOV3ES and flats to let: an Immense list:
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 243-259 Geary
St.. en the square.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of housea
to let. BALDWJ.V & HO WELL. 25 Post it.
HOUSES TO LET — Fl.'H.MSHED.
11 ROOMS, prettily furnished for home cr roora-
Ing: part caah; rent $45. Box 3603. Call.
LOST A>D FOUXIJ.
LOST — Black horse. IS 1 -* hands high; branded
"I. C." on neck. Return to 327 Sixth et. and
ret reward.
LOST — Red Men'a badge. inscribed "Pohonaehe*
Tribe No. 10"; return 221S Hyde st.; reward.
LOST — A gold dollar stickpin. Please return to
8S1 Shotwell St.; reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold and stiver to maks new watch cases.
MEDICAL..
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all ferr.ala
complaints; instant relief guaranteed: 30
years' experience; removed to 820- Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008*4 Market a%.. opp. 5th.
VALPEAVS female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets: price $5. By expresa
only en receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland.
DR. G. W. ODONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female*
complaints; positively corrected: the unfortu-
nate helped: the mest difficult cases treated:
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
Drs. Goodwin. 7.*^! Turk. nr. Van Ness—Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints; inst. relief;
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5; 25 years' exper.
MRS* D. ALLEnTiHS Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and during;
confinement: best medicaf care: low fees.
DU. ROSEN resides 2M)5 Fclsom st.. cernor
2Cth; ladies, relief cr no fee; $lf.
DK. anil MRS. DAVIES an1 HINDOO HFRB3-.
original method of treatment. Il2ti Market st.
DR. NO TOY KEE. 310 Powell St.. op^osir*
Union square: all diseases cured nv nerfry
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR ALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand ntachlnery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 1U5-197 Fremont at.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterlle: in rolls easy to l*y;
needs no painting or coating; good over cii
Ir'n' tin or shingles; best for new rco's.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 71.". Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
¦ pulleys, shaftin?. etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged: see Sunday papers.
M. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-132 Bea'.s st.
A— Fine suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Origi-
nal Mlsnt Clothing Parlors, 2C8 Kearny St..
near Eush; open to 0 p. m., S,unday to nocn.
A — Buys, tells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting;, pulley*.
etc. WH1TELAW. 253-253 Spear st.
TYPEWRITEHS. slightly used, sold at cost:
ner/ Underwcod visible typewriter catalog
sent free. R. E. Revalk & Co.. San Francisco.
TRY our men's sho?9 at $1 and $1 30 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay expre3*
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
ALTERATION sale— Best 12 50 hats. $1 50i!
Popular Price Hatter. 35O Kearny at., near
- Pine; open to Op. m.; Sundays to noon.
LOCKSMITH'S and belllhanger's stoclc and
tools complete fpr sal?. Inquire 473 Valencia,
A TALKING machine and records cheap. Ad«
dres3 box 17. IOCS Market st.
LAUNDRY machinery, washers, extractors,
mangles, lroners. etc. 628 Bryant st,
STEAM table, broiler. National cash register
and tables. 416 Turk «t. »
FOR sale — .1 gray Danish bloodhounds. Apply
404 Carolina st.. Potrero. ' ¦
FOR sale^ — Gocd mandolin rery cheaD. $4.
WHITE. 314 Brannan at.
SOME grod r«rcond-hand sasottne engines. 1 t»
12 H. P., cJieap F. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
FINE steam autorribile; first-class running or-
der. W. V.. 520 Lyon st., San Francisco.
SLOT machines cheap; Chlcagoes. Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 933 Market.
DESKS and safes; see the complete line at IMS
Market, ab. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER^
MANX SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
A VERY tine diamond heart for $210 at W. J.
HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth at.
SEW and second-hand machinery of all kinds.
KROGII MNFG. CO.. 51D Market st.
MOVING plctur?3. made lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Dullard & Ereck. 131 Post «t.
MILES o* plw and fittings: all size*. ET>
GENE RILEY & SONS. 100 Vallejo at.
FAKES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs; hammocks,
metal beds.mattre'ses. J.F.Hotter,712 Mission.
•— — — — — _ __________^^___ 1
Edison phoncirraphs. records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupi. SB llkt.
GASOLlNEenglnes. automobiles and launches;
J. K. DOAK. 40 Fremont St.
ASK for prices on second-hand typ'Tlters: all
makes. ALEXANDER &-CO.. llt> Moms' y.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subwenptiens has been '
opened at IOCS Market at., cpposlte Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
A WEEK'S news for 3 centi — Th» Weekly Call.
1ft pages. In wrapper, for mailina;. $1 per year.
fa MISCELLAXE#US WANTS.
BOOKS and libraries bought. B. C. HOLMES
114» Market at., phcr.e Jessie 3741. or postal.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-oS
clothing: »n.l postal. MORRIS. S70 Folsom.
T1L7ON want« good second-hand clothing ttn'i
th.-atrical rxorts. 154 9th at.: trl Jessie 2S.11.
TO LOAxT ~ ~
MONEY loaned to salaried people. r*tall"ro>r-
chants, teamsters. bcard:ns-nc>i3«i wtthJu:
tecunty; easy payments: target business la
4tt principal cltlea. Tolrnan. TM. Patn-tt hlrtg
HIGHLY respectable private pl-ice -o obtalaaj
liberal advances on dlamnnfl». Jewe'.rr nr
L P V. r *L nt tntere * 1 Baldwin J-velry 3tjre.
64H Market: tel. Main luu. B.a^ch. l.» Third.
A—I per cent on turnltur* O r piano; no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity ;$23 up- quick
private, confidential. 2t; Montzom»iy. rm. 7.'
ALL loans on diamonds and je-welry 2 par cent
ma S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 32S «•»— "
i ttt'SIMSSS CHAXCES— Contluned.
I B. G. WILKE, Real Estate and Bualnesa
As«U icitabiished U Jtars). 2xS>,i Kearjiy
tt., rooms U and 10.
A— $uco COFFEE taloon and lestaurant on
the water front, closw to Murket et. ; dally
receipts about $C«; business cl<arin<; JJOO
f j<er monfli: trial given: a splendid ofler; in-
vestigate at once. See It. <J. WILKE. 26H
Kcamy et.
A— $3^00; HOTEL and barroom with 30 rooms,
in Point Richmond: rent ?100; rooms always
occupied by t-mployes of railrcad and Stand-
ard Oil Company; board bill guaranteed by-
company; owner never cleurs i.t« than fiw
1. ijct month. Call K. G. W1LXCE. 2C>^ Keai--
ny st.
A— $1SOO; HALF Interest in one of the best
! corner saloons on water front: least; dis-
agreement of partners cause of sale; will
> »ell whole for jaioO. Call R. G. WILKE.
j ' 2CJ4 Kearny st.
) A— $1200: CORNER saloon on Fourth St.. close
i to S. P. freight aheds; S furnis-hed rooms
i and kitchen: a good paying business. S^e
i R. G. WILKE. 2U»; Kearny.st.
i ¦
A— $M.c; IT-AIRY r-roduce and delicatessen
I store; rent ¥22; business clears above <10U
per month; living rooms; value In sight.
Call R. Q. WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A— $12fO; COFFEE saloon and bakery: close to
Phelan building; a gocd paying buslmiJ,
bu'. must b« tacrlflced on account of owner
• being sick In hospital. Particulars, K. O.
WILKE. 2C'i Kearny st.
A WHOLESALE and retail butcher business
in Monterey County, with 5 acres of land,
i dwelling house, slaucbter hous?, shrfp fix-
tures, boiler, tank, etc. : S borses, wagons
and a well established trade; this is a nrst- i
daca btiMnern proposition. All particulars, j
It. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny et. J
A— $¦{•".'«; CORNER saloon, about 1 block south
of Chronicle bldg.; established years and a
fltEt-clats paying place; fullest Investigation
solicited; tins is a very rare chance. Call
it. «. WILKE. 2«»i Kearny st.
A — f.'WOO: GENERAL merchants'? store about
tO nilles from thia city; a well-established
and first-cias* paying business; yearly tales
about ?!5,<.>w: all «as-h trade: a very rare
chance. Particulars. H. G. WILKE. 2«V4
Kcarny st.
A— 42380; DELICATESSEN store with lunch-
ic^.m: r»nt %'J»; a good paying business;
la: lie Mnk; owner clears at least above ex-
penjea ?12."> r"-r month; Firkness only cause of '
eaie. R. G. WILKE. Sn% Kearny st.
FOR sale — Beautiful and plctur'-snjue health
anl aurnmer resort. 2 hours" ride from S.
K.. 'M minutes' ride from depot; has 20
ac r p.« land, set with al! kinds fruits, flow-
ers: beautiful grove*; :;-_'-rooni hotel. --with
c,ttaj?« of 4 rooms, all furalsntd: necessary
< utliuili3ir.cn, ijjnn? iia\iiion. bar. baib-
1i.uk*"*. lak<- !'ir rowing; rBi.«p« own v»g-
etah!»-s. uonitry and hay; 2 horses, buggies,
bus. Jersey cow and calf, chickens, bar fU-
tur»-R. billiard fsliW', new upright piajio: .'I
years' !<>aB» at ?.'<:!» per year, can get longer;
line mineral Krjrir.es; will cure many dl»-
eag".; mon^y in everythine on place, round
trip Sun'iajj! *1 .V) from S. K. : death cause
o: ?al~; itrire- S335H. CAMERON. .1 Eddy st.
WANTED— Partner. ?500; established com-
pl«Xloa treatn-.ent. manicuring, hair Oress-
!ng rarloni; sw.^11 location; everything first
da*V: dolne tug business. CAMERON &
CO.. -I ZMy st.
FOR ea\r — lU-st littlp restaurant in city; r»nt
$t.>: central. r«-c«.|pt« $:« to $tO day; must
j>a-.~ town: prtc^ $l2fiO. CAMERON. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mlne;flne prospect;
located in CaJ.; asavs $40 to $70 ton; trade
for r'm'g bOUM or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
INVEST in Redding Gold and Copper Mining
Onntwny'i iio p»r share, fuily ipmr.
ar.teed. arlth a first ra«-, r tjra«;e. <? p«r r«ni,
lit-y«3r gold fv.nd: minine properties and
water rights in Shasta County. Cal. Writ*
<3r call Safe nepnsit building. San Fnn-
clsro.
A KREDO & CO ¦ A
PHONE BLACK W2 7C1 MARKET ST.
W«) have 4 durable country' hotels. 3 road-
hous^.s. 2 reaortA, 20 to 4«» rooms, acreage
and real property included, from $2250 up to
ECOOO. S^* KREDO & CO. Money loaned.
$450— CANDY, notions, cigars; !S living r'ms.
$.%ji! — CiCV store; r-\*nr* $100 monthly.
f<K)fi — Fruit, st.r.re: go-^1 hnsineitK: map.
WOO — Grocery «in<1 liquors; 2 rooms; cornor.
IUSO0 — 2<j rooms: cl»ar<« ?lO<t month.
_ W. B IXfiRAM & CO- 7M Market yt.
GOOD paying corner saloon: must be sold on
account of sickness; low rent: long lease;
this is a bargain for any one. Address hoi
tfc"S. Call office.
HAVE you anything to sell or money to inv»«t?
Write 'is for particulars; aeents evprywherw.
Aitad»na Invosmml Syndicate. 70S Markot
«*.« K«n Francisco. Call,
A — WORKINGMANS hoarding-house; good lo-
<-«tion; in*- r»nt; Fteady boarders; no agents.
Bok isui. «- all office.
TO sell or rent— Good paying restaurant, ac-
count of lea ving city. 2S-S1 Sixteenth st.
WANTED — A partner and location for new sa-
loon: have the license. Box 4S:J7, Call.
$:«¦«• WILL buy dyeing and cleaning works.
i'.oO Sacramento St., near Kearny.
$500 — WILL «ell at sacrifice, saloon stock, flx-
ture*:. C o<:d will. etc. Apply 31rt Clay f=t.
A BRANCH office of The Call fcr tr.e recep-
tion of advert If ements and subscriptions has
been CDencd at 100s Market et. cpposlts
Fifth Open until 11 p. m.
LOUGI.\(;-HOCSF.S FOIt SALK.
A. CAilElJoN^Xcal Pholie~io00.
3 Eddy »t., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters lor rooming-houses, hotels and
a': kinds of business chances.
220 r. ; grand modsrn ayartment house;
bfautiiul building; elegantly furnished;
swell people; clearing flOO to $ti00 a
month; Fee this..
SO r.; rent J21'5; oak furn.; Brussels car-
pets; furn. « mo.; clears 1250 mo.; U
oa?h: sickness .'.fSOCO
7 r-: rent $40; <;ak furn; gocd carps.; snap 350
50 r. ; new modern building: elegantly
furn.; leng k-ase; cheap rent; illness;
make offer.
14 r.; rent ITS: cak furn.; clears $50...... 900
7 r. ; upper flat; rent ?5l); well furn 475
125 r. ; tlm-c!ass downtown house; 5 years'
lf-ast; private baths; well furn; bargain.
9 r.: r«-nt ?40; beautifully Turn.; fiat re-
duced 450
22 r. ; rent $sn; xoh Hill; well furn 2200
SS r. : swell location; elegant building;
mest luxuriously furn.; every modern
convenience; elegant halls; everything
up to date; -railed East by sickness;
a 5 cm.
15 r. ; Van Ness; oak. mahogany furn.;
bargain ' 1200
50 r.: rent St)5; lease; well fum; clears
$1U> 2000
<".$ r. : cheap rent; downtown; electric ele-
vator: electric licV.ts; all modern equip-
ments; up to date; ckarlng $:i00 to $100;
lllneia. .
12 r. ; rent $47; cak furn: good carpets:
clean S30 '
10 r. : rent ?«¦'!; Turn., carpets good; good
buy 700 T
CO r. ; one of the most beautifully furn. of
the new modern houses; all full; clears
$400 to $300; oblisfd to leave city. '
•'• r. ; cak fum.; n'.oijuet carpets: 4 months. W> '
t(> r. : ccr.; oak furn.: rood carpets; clears
$250 4200 j
72 r. : new and elegantly furn. family ¦ '
hotel: Fwell location; rent ?5 50 per
room; furn. ¦ 15 months; clearing $tXK> "
per month ; will sacrifice.
22 r.; rent ?S5; oak fum: clears $75 1800 .
ns r. ; rent $250; lease; well furn.: boarding 4750 j
tt r.J rent only $li.": fine location; well
fum.; part apartments: this house Is al-
ways full: clearing J250 to $300 a month.
St.; rent *42: oak furn.: clears $25 mo 450 '
14 r. ; r»r.t $•-*>: first class; part cash 140!) •
88 r.; r'nt ?22.'»: new, 4 mos.; oak furn.: !
clears F2Z0 to $::C0 mo.; t, cash, bal 1
per cent 5000 i
16 r. : rent $7">; fine little apartment house; «
rew 1700 .
12 r. : rent ftSi well furn.; clears $50 «5<i 4
n r. : ur>p«-r ccr. Pat: pood furn. carpets.. 550
11 r. : rent DO; f'.:rn. gocd; clears $3% re-
duced '.' "CO
34 r. ; fne downtown houss; money-maker M200 •
21 r. : rent $S5; tc-cU furn.; lease; clears
$1W 1700
17 r.: rent $7<i; Post: clears $71: part cash llOO
44 r. : cor.; rent $1SO: flryt-class money- ;
mal:»r 3000 •
c. K. HINKLEY. Z C. E. HINKLEY. ;
Phone Mint 700. "
10?0 M?rket St.. opp Fifth St.
Ov.r Guarantee, Satisfaction to All. *
Former Patrons My Best References. *
¦SO iwnis; lx-ardin«r: v.-orth *'5000; cnly.?lRfiO .
22 rcorcs: cleans $.S7; :i ycais" lease 1S00 ]
12 room**: rrnt S.T5: piano & sew. mchne. fiOO
» rooir.s: nartially furnished; rent $30. 250 -
'JO rcoms: lease: elec. lights: rent $40.. r,.V> 1
s r'xvnr: Poet St.: rent $31*: snap 250
."»•> roon-.R: transient: lease: only 1500 :
CASH— C-ICO f.ir 14 rooms; Pcet st.; price $C50;
balance small monthly payments. Only with '•
KINK LEY. iceo Murket rt.
EXQUISITE furnishings; 50 rooms; new mod- 1
em «!M»rtirient-houF»>: grand entrance; lease;
clears *W: 'Iberal terms: a little rem: see
HINKLEY, KC0 MAP.KET ST. !
MODERN — 120 rocrrs; rent le.«a than $5 a
rcom: up to dite tn every- respect: finely fur- <
nished: Invks cyi*-n; ¦¦rlettrn XSTO to $400
rnonthl'-: p*"!*** S-mon: riart cosh, hslnnee easy'
HINKLEY, 10C0 MARKET ST. -
ELEGANTLY fMrnl«>!ed: is rosms: modern; -
least-: sunny. t )r |ght and cheerful rooms; \
price 41500; S700 esfh. balance S-per cent,
this i« n pcr-o buy- with liberal terms. Only
with :UNKLEY. 1C20 Market " J
<H£> LITTLE VvAIslTS Or 1 tLN
y n
¦When the copper upraises his club In the air
You would better dismount — 'tis a time to beware —
Or he'll hit you a whack that will make you see stars
And the next thing you know you will be behind bars.
He probably thinks you have stolen the wheel,
But there really Is never occasion to steal.
If you'll look in The Call you'll nnd wheels can be had
At a price that's so cheap.it will make your heart glad.
For buying- or selling you will hear people say
Call Want Ads. are the best — look them over to-day.MONDAY, PECEMBER 21.
Anna K. A. Brunkhorst to Johann H. B.
and Dora E. C. Brunkhorst. lot on W line of
Lyon street. 132:7^ N of CaUfornla. N* 23 by
W 100: also lot on H line of Elliott Park. 294
W of Steiner street W K by S 10; gift.
City and County of San Francisco to. Fran
cis X. Foley. lot on N line of Ptne stret. 2OS:a
W of Steiner. W 34:4^ by N 137:«; .
Same to Mlxpah Hoelscher (wlf» of Wil
liam), lot on S Hm of Green street, 11»:« E
of Scott E 27 by S 137 :«: .
Same to James P. Devin#, lot on S lln» of
Turk street 192:6 W of Pierce. W 27:8 by
S 120: .
Same to Edward M. Stehn. lot on IT line of
Sacramento street. 131:3 W of Pierce. W 27:6
by S 120; .
Peter or P. and Cathertn» Hennessey to
Catherine T. N'owell. commencing 100 E cf
Baker street and ICO S of Bush. S 3?:« by E
137:6- also riyht of way on S line of*Bu*h
street 134 E of Baker. E 3:« by S 100; gift.
1 William T Dowllng to Margaret A. Dowl
ing (wife), lot on W line- of Howard street.
21O S of Fourteenth street. S 25 by XV SB; also
lot en NE line of Lafayette street. £0 XW cf
Howard. NW 23. NE &J.03. SE 23. SW 83.32;
City and County of San Francisco to Fred
erick W. Herllti Jr.. lot on AV line of Treat
avenue 210 N cf Twenty-first street. N 25 *y
W 122:«: . •-' -
Same to Sarah B. M^tone. lot on XTV corner
of Sixteenth and Landers streets. N 69:8 by.
XV 183:10;
Daniel K. and Mary D. Hall to wr.llanr
Havard lot on E line of Church street. 50 S of
Fifteenth. S 29 by E 75; $10.
tVllliam H Mead to Henry Pierce. lot on
VT tine of Jotce street. 79:6 N of Pine. N 8 by
XV 52: $10.
Edward -Rotger to Johanna Rotger. lot on S
line of Lombard street. 1OT:« W of Taylor. W
30 by S 137 :»; gift.
Cel^tina Altiert and Cnarles and Sabma
r.-I!' I- ilidifk- A!tt#r:. lot on NE Tine oT
Folsotn avenue. ICO SE of Folsom street. SE
.*" James W, *NicV>ls to Llbbi" Dri*?oll. lot on
S\v jt n » »t La-*ct >n «rwt. SO SW of Harrl
scn. NW 25 ty SW SO: Sift.
George K. am Emmeline L. Bate* to E.I;
win W Stone, lit on XV line of Arkansaa
ttreet. 350 8 of Army. S BO by YV 10O; $10.
J.-»i-oh Marsden to A. W. Foeter. lot on uw
corn»r of First avenue and Lake street. 3
2J:7*i by W S3: $10. ' f • ,
Marceo L. and Annl* MitrovlcU to Mrs.
j an . r9 n. Syk's. l^t on SE corner of Seven
teenth and roint Lobos avenue*. 8 10O by E
25: $15CO.
T. L. and Philippine M. Henderson to Morris
Siminoff. lot on NE corner of Ninth avenu*
ant C street. N 1W by E 132:fl: also lot i-i
NW corner of Sev*nth avenu« and C »tr«et.
N 85 by W 45; $10.
Jacob Heyman Company (corporation)- to
Joseph E. Clark. lot on W line of Eleventh
aveau*. 225 M of K street. N 5O by W 12O: J10.
\\ i'.iiani NIcol to John Uayle. lot on SW lirv*
of Second avenue. 2W> SE of M street. SE *<>
by SW 123, block 4«, liutchers' Reservation;
ii. and Fannie Cohn to Falrmmint Loan As
sociation, lot on E corner of W^ieat ftreet «nd
Salinaa avenue. NE ICO by SE 10O. lota 45 to
4S. block 5. Garden Tract Homestead Addi
tion: $10. ••
Ernestine and H- Eng«lbrecht to Oeorg«
Nelle. lot 31. block 11. lot 2S. block 4. lots 5.
« and 7, block 8. lot 24. block 5, Tract A.
People' 8 Homestead Association, quitclaim
deed; $1CO.
Francis Dunn to B. McA. Dunn, all property
of first party: $10. ¦
Odd Fellow^ Cemeterr Association ta J*cot>
Lchznann. let In cemetery; $45.
Bnildtrs' Contracts.
West Side Christian Church (corporation)
(owners* with W. Morgan A Co. (contractors),
architect T. Paterson Ross — Heati*? and ven-
Ulatinz; for church building, two stories and
gallery on I* line of Bush street. 137:« E of
Devlsadero. E 85 by N 137:8; $1394.
• AInmcdn County.
Johanna Cajhln (widow) to Patrick E. and
Josephine E. Fanncn. lot on N line of B street.
700 E of Ettle. K 37:8 by N ICO. lot O and E
h, cf lot H. block 7»T. map ef B-street subdi
vision cf Watt: Tract. Oakland: $10. : --;..
Joseph J. and Barbara Maaon to John La
velle lot on N line of Falrvlew street. "43.C9 E
of Deakln. E 44 by N 133. lot 16. block 2, xoap
of . O. V. Baldwin's subdivision of portion of
Wooleey Tract, etc.. Oakland: $100.
. H. V. Bancroft to Laurens Petersen. lots- 1 to
8. block A. amended map of Sant* Fe Tract
No. 2. O«x!and; $10. *
Rcsie and Lorenzo Delucchi and Elixa Cash
man (widow) to Aeors B. HJnckley. lot 41.
'block ti> amended- map of Central Park. Alca
traa and Newbury stations, Berkeley; $10.
Fidelity Building and Loan Association, to
Charles C. Lord, lots 1 to 4 and 27, block 2.
Dow ling Tract, Berkeley: $10.
Paul M. or Paul M. Wenther Sr. and Louise
cr Louisa Chariot Wenthcr (wife) to Rasmus
Jensen, lot on 8XV corner of Moss avenue and
Laurel street. W 12f>. S KHJ.5«. E 12O. N l3h.S*.
lots 14 to 1»>. block I. amended may of Moss
Tract. Brooklyn Township: $2*>CO. - - .
F. E. Bridges lo Harriete W. Bridges, lot on
S line of Pacific avenue 250 W of Walnut
street. W 40 by S 13O:2. portion of tot 13. Mock
24, lands adjacent to Encinal, Alameda; gift.
Louisa and Richard Fricke to C. Magnus
KJelsberg. rerecori 94« D. M. lot en E lln» of
Webster street. 150 N of Nineteenth (Durant).
N 5O by E 130. Oakland; $10.
' C. Magnus KJelsberg to Olga Kjelsberg.
rame; gift.
Haute F. Dewlns; (widow) tf> Annie Schnei
der, lot beginning at point 40 N from NE cor
ner of Thirtieth and West streets. N 80 by E
115. lots 21 aal 22, block 200t. Rowland Tract
Oakland; $n>.
Sarah A. Whldden (widow) to Anna Schnei
der (widow), lot on NE corner of Thirtieth and
West streets. E 115 by N 40. lot 23. block
tO34. same; $10.
Flora Wallace (wife of George) to Mary If
Abbay (wife of S. N.), lot on" SE* corner of
Stanford avenue and Essex street 8 55 7i> E
119.62. N 50, W 05.07. lot 5. block P amended
map of Newbury Tract in plat 51. Ranchos V.
and D. Peraltai Berkeley; $10.
Adelb«rt T. and Klecta L Hay to Jessie E
Lens;, lot on SE line of Pomona avenue. 79 SW
or Washington street. SE 123 by SW SJ« block
10. map 6f subdivision of NE portion- of "gather
Tract. Frultvale. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Frank F. and Emma G. Barratt t'o Julia M.
?r. C . S , h A am - ' !ln * Ie >- Io^ °" E line cf Regent street
132.10 N of Calhnun. said point being NW cor
ner of lot 1. E i:ll:7 by S 50, b-!n ff N 50. feet
of lot 1. map Boulevard Tract. Alameda- $2C0i>
Ricnard B. and Olive D. Ayer to Storaan
fillss. lot 1«. block OS. official map town of
Mies. Washington Township: $10.
Ixabella A. Beaudry (single) and G. and Mary
Pi.adeau to United Can Company (corporation).
lot on SW. comer Powell and Fourth streets.
S 330 W. 243. to W boundary block 37. belnt;
a:so E boundary line of property right of way
Northern Railway. X along same to Intersec
tion with .8 line of Powell. E 217 to begin
ning, lota 1 to 7. block 37. property of L. M.
Beaudry and G. Pelatleau being plat 41. Kel*
lersberger's Map Emeryville 'recorded De
cember 16. 1903). Oakland Township; $10.
Louisa E. Copptn tslngle) to M. Rawllnson.
lot on SW corner of College street and Sylvan
way. K jr/:4.- SW I0O.N 33:4. E 100 (Recorded
Dec. I* 19CS). Berkeley; $10.
BIyth & 'Trott (corporation) to WlllUm H.
Wadsworth. lot on S line of Hearst avenue.
3U9:lVi E of Shattuck street. E 43 by 9 124:8.
block A. villa lou adjacent to University sits
on W (Recorded 'Dec. 16. 19C3). Berkeley: $10.
J. C. aad EHxa C. Campbell to KaBn Realty
Co (corporation) lot on NE corner of West
Twelfth and Chestnut streets. E firt bv N 143:8,
'block 572. Boardr*»n's map, Oakland; $10.
-R. D. and Ida B. Winters to C. M. Wlllard.
let 11, ¦corrected map of resubdtvtsloa e< block
A. BruiKSJrtin Tract. Oakland; $10.
KEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
THE SAN -FRANCISCO CALL", TUESDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1903.
15
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
¦ OZFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$3250— OWNER must sell; house of 9 rooms;
bath; all modern and In flrst-olass condi-
tion: lot 50x150; outhouses; large gardens;
first-class neighborhood and near business
center; term* only $500 cash. • This place
must be sold; first come first served.
J. S. MYERS or GEO. XV. AUSTIN.
1002 Broadway, Oakland. '
$1750— WOULD be a bargain at $2500: 2-3tory !
houst of B rooms, bath, and In flrst-cla^s
condition: £nly a few blocks from th« ;
'main business street; street work all done; '
; near locals train, school and cars. It m-'iet
! be sc'.<? at once 1 .
i J. S. MYERS or GEO. XV. AUSTIN.
• • 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$175 CASH. $U monthly; % acre, more or less,
with a rustic, cottage of 3 rooms; chicken-
house, shed. etc. ; nice assortment of full-
beanng fruit trees; fine living spring; city
water In house; 6-foot picket fence, trees and
shrubbery; fine soli; no fogs nor raw winds;
nicely stieltered; Just the spot for chickeo-
ralslng; price $075 In all; 2 block* from elec-
'trlc car line; 9 minutes' walk to loc»l trMn,
S. F. : rear2 fine s hcoihoases and 2 churches;
adjoining East Orklar.d. Call or send for
circular. 455 Seventh st.. opposite Broadway
station, Oakland: carriage free.
HENRY Z. JONES, Owner.
i *
MODERN 2-story house. 7 rooms and bath;
central location: rent $27. 1464 West St..
Oakland. - -
OAKLAND ROOMS Tft LET.
MONTANA House. 320 Eighth St.: sunny
suites and single rooms for housekeeping
OAKLAND FCR.XITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains .In HimN
ture. H. Schellhaas. 11th «t..cor.store. Oakland.
SEYVIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES
A "WHITE/ Christmas can be had without
snow. Have, you seen our latest White
Sewing Machine? Automatic lift, chain-
stitch.- lockstitch" and hemstitch" combina-
tion: we rent or sell on easy payments: we
want sewing machine men: come and have
a talk with us; phone Black 1106. 3C0 Post
st.; 1S41 FUlmore st. and 703 Valencia at.,
S F. or phone Brush 551 470 13th St..
Oakland. WHITE SEWING MACHINE CO.
NEW HOME sewing machine; this week only;
$10. $1S. $20; slfyhtly used: needles 29c dcz.
NEW HOME^i. M. CO.. 1051 Market at.
SPECIALISTS.'
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method: 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter it.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT the Knickerbocker apartments, 1340 Pine
at., near Hyde; apartments all t&ken;.call
and leave orders for reserves.
BIRCH ave.. 61I5 — $S; 3 nice unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping. 642 Grove st.
CALIFORNIA. 1421—1 front parlor beautifully
furnished with bedroom and kitchen to party
who will answer doorbell half orice. . :
FOURTH, 225 — Nice housekeeping rooms; also
Elnsle rooms.
GEARY, 1002— Nicely furnished sunny rooms.
en suite or single; housekeeping privileges;
running water; gas; reasonable.
GILLESPIE. 119 Ninth St.— Sunny furnished
bedrooms and housekeeping, $1 50 to $3 25
week; phene Mint 2S61. ¦
HOWARD, 2216—1 or 2 furnishod or unfurnish-
ed rcoms for light housekeeping.
KEARNY. 104 — Newly tinted sunny unfur.
front suite & kitchen ;ecal range;no children.
MCALLISTER. 83K— Nicely furnished solte;
gas range, hot bath, laundry; adults; $11.
POLK, ireo, near Geary— Neatly furnished
front housekeeping rocms; reasonable.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3728. near Dolores— Bay-
wjndow rooms: nice: neat; cofnpietfc.' . -s
APAKTMEIfT HOUSES.
ST. LOUIS, 1575 Jackson St.— Modern • 3-4-5
rooms, also singls; furnished or unfurnished;
m&rin* view; now open; references.
MONTCLA1R APARTMENTS.
Corner Fine and Taylor sts.; beautiful new
medern apartments; all .sunny corner suites;
fcrnlfhed or ur.fufnlsbed: none superior; ma-
rine view. LYON & HOAG. 110 Montgomery.
THE GABCES.
Cor. Clay and Larkin sts— Modern 3-4-D-ronm
up-to-date apartments; furnished or unfur-
nished ; all latest conveniences; reservations
can be made ton premises. 1 to 4; terms reas.
ST. CECIL. 115 Fell st.. above Van -Ness— The !
acme of perfection in modern, elegantly fur- :
niched 3-room apartments: private baths,
steam he<u. ejec. lights, elevator, g£s ranges.
HADDON HALL.
B51 EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
ROOMS TO IJ^T — Fnrn. and I'nfnrn.
AURORA, comor Second and Folsom sts. — New
house, new furniture; every room outside;
modern and sunny; prices from $1 50 per
week up; this Is the only up-to-date house In
thin vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth st.— Rocms
25c to $1 p*r night. $1 25 to $u per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ASHWORTH. 320 Mason Ft., bet. Geary and
Post — Suite and alngle rooms with or with-
out private bath; sun in roomfc all day.
AT "The Almonte." 378 Markei st. (or No. 1
Fifth St.)— Rooms. 25c. 50c, $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to (10 week; house open r-.II night.
AT the Pieroont. 450 Ellis— Newly furnished
rms.; elevator; hot & cold water; transient.
BURNETT, 1420 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished,,
BUSH, 2284 — 2 sunny upper clean unfurnished
rooms; gas; rent $10 10.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellts. corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices -reasonable.
FILLMORE, 1021— Sunny newly furnished
suit*-; also sunny smgle room; pent reason-
ahle. .
FOURTH. 246 — Nic* furnished front room to
let; $1 50 per tv-eek.
FOURTH. 475 — Nicely furnished room In pri-
vate family: rent reasonable.
Golden Gate ave.. 622 — Sunny parlor suite 3 rms.
.completely turn.; gas range; bath & laundry.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 50c
. to $1 SO night: $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
HARRIET. ,86 — Kitchen, dining-room and bed-
room ;' furnished or unfurnished.
LAGUNA and McAllister. St. James flat— Sun.
ny single room.
LARCHMONT, 361 Sutter — Sunny rooms: elee-
trie lights; elevator; central; transient.
LARKIN,- SO4 — Small sunny room; suitable
for gentleman; $4 50 per month.
LARKIN, S16B— tfmall, light room, large hall,
closet, bath and phone; reasonable.
MISSION, 1148— Elegantly furnished front
suite; piano: single rooms from $1 60 week.
NATOMA. 2S2%. near Fourth— 2 unfurnished
rooms; yard; water: rent $«.
NINTH. 119 (Gtllraple)— Nicely furnished rooms
$1 50 to <2 60 per week; 50c to 75c per niRht.
POLK. 823 — Best furnishwi rooms In the city
for the money; single or en suite; every-
thing new and plenty of sunshine; terms
very reasonable; only 10 minutes' walk to
Powell and Market sts.
POST, 1109 — Furnished room In private family-
suitable for light housekeeping- if desired; all
ccnveniei ces. . ¦ > -
POWELL. 317 — Sunny front suite for. doctor or
dentist; also other furnished rcoms. -
ROYAL Mouse. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights]
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor: rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $8; month, $8 to |30; elevator- on ground
'floor; rooms with hot and cold water; bath&.
j BUTTER, 236— The Crane — Elegantly furnished
rooms; downtown; suite or single; $10 up.
THE FREMONT. 1364 MARKET ST.— Strictly
. flrst-elas* -elegantly -furn. rooming hotel.
Tel. South 1133. Capt. H. O. Ulberg. Prop.
UNITED STATES. J23 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms. 35c to $1 nl.T'nt^ $1 75 to $0 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water to every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus; baggage.
VAN NESS. 519— Handsome sunny furnished
suites and single, rooms; all conveniences..
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St., near Market—
. Most conv#nlent and respectable: 700 rooms;-
35c to $1 CO night: $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
VAN NESS ave.. 1000— Well furnished sunny
rooms: running- water, hot and cold. „
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church stfl.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call Branch office, 2200 FUlrnore.
RICE— In thU city. December 21. 1903. Eliza-
beth- Frances, dearly beloved daughter ot
Manuel and Martha Rice, granddaughter of
Mr. and Mrs. John Busctt and Mr. and Mrs.
Ms Sllva. and sister of the late John J. Rice.
ageU 2 years 10 months and 3 days.
SMITH— In this city. December 21. 1003. Tul-
ly.' .beloved husband cf Katie Smith. . and
father of Mary. Nellie. Sadie. Frank. Jamea
and Thomas Smith and the lat* Katie
Smith, a native of County L«itrtin. Ireland.
aged 64 years.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lavited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at S:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. lo<5 Morris avenue, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at .9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cress Cemetery.
STRASSER— December 21. 1903. Celia Stras-
ser. be!ove'l daughter of Abraham Strasser.
and sister of Mrs. M. Wertheimer and L.. M.
and H. Strasser.
THOMAS— In this city. December 21. 19(S;.
William B. Thomas, a native of England,
aged 78 years and 5 days.
i C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully iavited*to art- n<l the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock. fn£n the parlws
of Halsted & Co.. 04C Mission street. Fleaso
omit flowers.
THYES — In this city, December 20. 1903. Er-
nest P. Thyes. ' ¦ .
E7NoUce of funeral hereafter.
TYSON— la this city. December 20. 1903. Col-
onel Joseph Tyson, a native of Pennsylva-
nia, ared' 7f> years 7 months and 23 days.
C7Remalns at the funeral parlor* of Bun-
ker & . LuiU. 2t*e« Mission street. Mission
Mascnic Tvnple. between Twenty-second ami
Twenty-third streets. Notice of funeral ta
Wednesday morning's papers.,
UPTON — In t»»ls city. December 21. 1903.
Thomas. belove<i husband of Bessie Upton,
and father of Francis H.. Albert. WUllam
and Hannah Uoton. Mrs. Charles A. East-
wood ar.'i Mrs. Norman A. Campbell, a na-
tive of England, aged 51 years 9 months aad
4 days. . •
ETFuneral services to-morrow (Wednes-
day), at 1:30 o'clock, at his late residence.
242tf Fa»ctr. street, between Twentieth and
Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Lawn
' Ce'netery, by carriage.
WOLF— In this city, December 21. 1903. CUra
E., beloved wife cr Sam Wolf, and raothrr
of Ida M. Wolf, a native of San Francisco.
_J_^^ ;, . PROPOSALS. > -
PROPOSALS— ¦ -
FQ.R
PAPER FOR THE PUBLIC PRINTING •
AND BINDING.
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received until
January 14, 1904. mt 10:30 o'clock a. m.. for
turnisWng the PAPER for the PUBLIC
PRINTING-and BINDING for the year ending
28th of February, 1905, the said proposals to be
opened before and. Uye. award of contracts to be
made by the 'Joint 'Committee of Congress on
Public Printing to the lowest' and best bidder
for the Interest of the Government, the commit-
tee reserving to Itself th/s right to reject any
and all bids, as its judgment of the best inter-
¦ csts of the Government- may dictate. -
Detailed schedules of the description, quan-
tity and quality of the paper required, accom-
panied by samples and blank proposals, and
giving the regulations with which bidders must
comply, can be obtained by addressing F. W.
Palmer. Public Printer. Washington, D. C.
The contracts will be entered Into for supply-
Ing such quantities of paper as may be ue<rled
during the year, and do m'-re.
The estimated quantities set forth In detail in
tr •> schedule comprise: . ". • .-
90,000 reams machine-finish printing paper.
24 x 38. — ¦
' CO.CCO reams machlne-fiiflsh printing paper,
38x4S. . '
36,500 reams sired and super - calendered
white or tinted printing par>er, vari-
ous sizes. - -
4CO reams antique machine-finish prlntlrs
paper. ¦
32.CC0 reams white writing paper, various
sizes and weights.
3.SU0 reams colored writing paper, varijus
sizes and weights.
3,100 reams cover paper, various sizes and
i weights.
10.000 pounds of best plate paper.
250,000 pourds of best map paper.
7CO.C0O pounds superfine (single, and double)
¦ coated book pap;r.
5,650 reajns manlla paper, various sizes f.nd
weights.
154.CC0 pounds bend paper.
20.0C0 pounds artificial parchment, various
sizes.
4,000 pounds parchment deed. • ¦
10.0CO' sheets plated bullet patch, 16x21
Inches. ¦ **,,,„ -,.
10,000 sheets high-flnlsh onion skin. - 19 x 2»
Inches.
170.0CO sheets cardboard, various colors, sixes
and weights.
3,6CO,0d> sheets bristol board, various colors.
sires and weights.
9, ICO ream* first-class ledger paper, wh'te
or blue, laid or wove, various sii.s
and weights. .
9,200 reams second-class ledger paper.w.ute
or blue, laid or wove, various sizes
and weights.
(J.3C0 teams tissue end copying papjr.
40 reams blotting paptr, any required
color and weight.
660 ream* plaid, marble, comb and lining
paper, various sizes.
S20 reams typewriter paper, vxr-evs eiaes
and weight*.
1,115 reams letter, note and quarto - post
200 reams white Frencn folio, 17 x 22
Inches. s
2 COO sheets parchment. 15.x 21 inches,
l-icposals will be received for one thousand
reams or more. < '
• By direction of the Joint Committee of Con-
gress on Putllo Printing. F. Vf. PALMER.
, Public Printer.
Washington, D. C. Dec, 17, 1003.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts. Navy Department,
Washington D. C. until 12 o'clock noon.
January 12. 1J»O4, and publicly opened Imme-
diately thereafter, to furnish at the navy
yard?. Mare Island^ Cal.. and Puget Sound.
Wash., a quantity iof lighting wire, electrical
supplies. haW scrub brushes, corn brooms,
molding sard, brick, fire brick, fife clay.
- screws, brass wire, miscellaneous hardware,
wrcught-lron screens, lenses, lacing and' rig-
ging Ieath«r. Oregon prae. cedar, oak. shest
brass pig lead, bar steel; galvanized sheet
ste*l American ajid Norway bar iron, pis
iron, scrap iron, magnesia pipe covering,
brass pit*, copper ripe. Iron pine, valves,
p'P« fltilnps. special csFt!nR<, hydrants, gaso-
lir.f*. rotten stone, laundry soap, safety
matches rotton waste, foundry facings, elec-
tric deck winch, eleetro-galvanrzlng plant,
and driving a number of riles. Blank pro-
posals will bo furnished upon application to
the Navy Pay Q£fle»», San Frsnclscn. Cal.,
and Seattle. Wr^. H. T. B. HARRIS. Pay-
master General, L\_S. N : _ 12-7-'O3,
OFFICK DEPOT QUARTERMASTER, 30
New Montgomery street. San Francisco. .Cal...
November : "'25. r. 190C1. ¦ - .Scaled; i .-rrpposals j Jb-
triplicate, will < be • received --here until' 10
o'clock a. • m. <Pacific standard time). De-
cember 24. ir>(K!. for -furnishing stationery,
oil.-, paint*, pip* fittings, sheet zinc, packing
boxes lumber, etc. Preference given to artt-,
cles of dcme«lc*productlan or manufacture-^
details In schedule. The right is reserved to
reject or accept any or all proposals cr any
part thereof. Blank proposals and Informa-
tion furnished on application. Envelopes
containing proposals should . be Indorsed
"Propof.als for Quartermaster's Supplies,
No. SC4?," and addr»*srd to
MAJOR C. A. DEVOL,
Q. M. , IT. S..A.. Depot Quartermaster.
SAN TRANCISCO. Cal., Nov. 23. 1903.— Sealed
proposal". 4n triplicate, will be received here
until 12 o'clock, noon. December Z-\. 10O.1. and
then opened, for furijtshtng at Saa" Francisco.
Cal.. Portland. Or., or Seattle "or Tacoma,
Wash., for shipment to Manlla, P. I.. S.U40.-
©00 pounds oat* and 10.S7O.0CO pounds hay.
Government reserves right to reject or accept
any or all bids in whole or In part. Inform-
ation furnished on application to WILLIAM
5. PATTEN, Assistant Quartermaster Gen-
erafc Chief Q. M.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. November 26. 1903. —
Sealed proposals. . in triplicate, will be j re-
"celved here until 11 o'clock a. m , -December
26, 1903, and then opened for furnishing and
erectlnx a 50,000-gallon tank nts 50-foot
trestle at. Fort Mason. Cal. Government re-
nerved right to reject or accept any or all
bids In' whole or In partv In£o«Tnatlon fur-
on application I to WM. S. PATTEN.
Assistant Quartermaster General. Ch'ef Q. M.
3IARRIAGE LJCEXSE&
The fojlowlnr marriaue licenses were- issued
Vi^'¦!:'•<l•¦'^¦:
James Bogle, 40, 32 Fourth street, and Sarah
E Cuin. ;t.\ J<31* Pase street. . .
William L. Earl*. 26. 204 Noe street, and
En Ui K PntfUiB, SjO, New York.
Joseph LamouTe, 29. Alameda, and Josephine
Carrere. 27. Alameda. . ¦¦, ¦ ,
Eugene Lamourt, 21, Oakland, and Annie
Carrere. 10, Oakland.
George A. Pawsey; 23. Pinole, and Esther
O.. Hollenbeck, 22. Martinez? . -
Albert I. Anlxter. 21. 140» Golden Gate ave-
nue, and Esther Levy, .IS, 140»i Golden Gate
a v «.tire.
Leroy D. Frasler, 21. MS Steiner street, and
Jennie M. -Lindsay. 21, SW9 Waller street.*:
.Daniel O. Qulnn, 34, Haywards. and Lenore
B. .Layrcck. 30, Fan Jose.
John S. Coo?, 25, Oakland, and Laura E.
LHtic.irhn. 2.!. "Hiba City.
Frederick F. Schoellhom. 60, 439 Turk street,
and Elizabeth Matteson, 50. 424 McAllister st.
Arthur Hartman. 23, 675 Lombard street,
and Madeline L. Favero, 17. 224 Sagamore st.
Egiiio Delia. Rirlla. 28. 115 Clark street, and
Clorinda P.' Puccnelll. 27. 113 Clark street.
John M. RUey. 27, .T2 Chenery street, and
Katie A. Melncke, 21. 4398 Mission street. ¦
. Lew Bow. 25, 1024 Jackson street, and Hart
Doe, ?0, 1P24 Jacks jn street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEAm.
Birth, marriage .and death notices sent ty
mall will not be inserted. They must- be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-,
sons authorized to have the same i published.
Notices restricted elmply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge. '_.. ' . .
BORN.
DUNN— In this city, to the wife of W. T.
Dunn, a . daughter.
FENN— In this city. December 19. 1903. to
the wife of WUllam L. Fenn. a daughter.
ROBERTSON— In thls'clty. December 13." 1WM.
. to the' wife of Edward Robertson, a son.
WIEKING— In Oakland. December 21. 1903,
to the wife of H. Wleklng. a daughter.'
MARRIED. ~~
COPE— LITTLEJOHN— In this city. December
21, 1903, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. W|l-
yon, pastor of Trinity Methodist Episcopal
' Church. John 8ldney Cooe of Oakland and
Laura Ethef Littlejohn of. Yoba City.
KIDD — BLUNDBLLr— In^th's- city. December
19. 1903, at Mlzoah Prejsbylerian Ch.urch. by
the Rev. - . FredeTjck A.' Doane. James - R.
Ktdd and HatUe A. Blundell, both of San
Francisco.. ._ ,'¦¦
NIEMAND — KLEMZ— In this city, December
B 20, 190CJ. by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder. Otto
.F. Nlcmand and Annlt M. Klemz. .
. , DIED
Arth. Mamie •-¦•¦» Heffman, Fredericka
- Bedont,' Lulgl Keenan (Infant)
Bell. WUllam' P. ' Kelly. Corrreilus
Bigelow; Rev. ¦ Geo. Llchtenstein. ¦ Max '
Betkin,«WHllam W.- ,¦ Merriman. Capt. R.
Bowe, WUllam * " Nagle, Ellen R.
• • Cell*. John B. ' • Nelwm. Perry
Chlsholm. Roderick : O'Keefe. Patrick H.
Clark. Julia A. Rlce. : Elizabeth F.
'- Collins, Dennls'(Bro. ' ¦"Smlth.-Tully
Venantins Cyril) Btrafaer. Olla • '•
Collins, Frank ' . ¦ Thomas; William B.
Crowley, Jennie- Thyes, Ernest P.
Dougherty, John M. Tyssn, . Col. Joseph ,
Hanley, Ellen ~ '- •¦-' .-"* Upton, " Thomas
Higgins, Joeeph'H. '¦' '" Wolf. .Clara E. -.
ARTH— In Oakland. Ca!.. * December 21; "1903,
Man-.ie, dearly beloved wife of Isidor Arth,
mother . of Raymond * Arth, . and ; sister , ¦ of
.'.- Mrs. H. .'Grundel; ¦ Charles .Melnecke.': Dora
. Melnecke and Mrs. M. Kroger,-* a native of
Germany, aged 29 years 4 months and 10
dayt 1 .-* " ' - • -- •
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited, to attend the" funeral services
Wedntsday. December 23. 1900. at 2 •clock.
at 16J1 BniiO street. Oakland. Interment
Mountain- View Cemetery, Oakland.
BEDONI— In this city, December 20, 1003,
Luigl, dearly beloved husband of Mrs. Maria
Bedoni. and father of John Bedont and Mrs.
J. D. Cuneo. a native of Italy, aged 5b years
3 months and 15 days. *
ET'Friends' and acquaintances are respect-
fully invttea to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from hts> late resi-
dence. 12 Jasper place, thence to Italian
Cemetery-
BELL— In this city. December 20. 1300. WJ1-
llam P. Bell.- beloved husband of Mary B*H.
beloved father of WUllam and Elmer Bell,
beloved son of Mrs. Catherine McGulre. and
brother of Andrew J. Bell. Mrs. J. J. Mi-
loney and Mrs. J. F. Rock, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 33 years 3 months and 2 days.
ET 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
December 22. 1903, at S:30 o'clock, from his
late residence. 612 Post street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral. Van Nem avenue and
O'Fatrell street, where a high requiem mass
will be celebrated tor the repose cf his soul,
commenctne at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ,
TO the officers and membtr* of Golden Gate
Council No. 34, Young Men's Institute^ — You
are hereby notified tc. attend the funeral of
our late brother. William P. Beil. from his
late residence. C12 Post street, near Taylor,
at 8:15 o'clock *harp. Fines for non-at-
" tendance. JOHN T. KEEGAN. President.
E. L. HARRINGTON. Cor. Sec.
BIGELOW — In this city. December 2O. 190».
Rev. G«orsvs Hooper Blge'icw. dearly beloved
• ton of Susie Hooper Bigelow and the late
George Homer BUrelow, and dearly beloved
brother of Susie Mabel Blzelow and Amy
Bigelow Jackson. tBcston and Princeton
papers, pkase copy.)
ETFuneral services at the residence cf his
mothrr. 3014 Buchanan street, at 10:30
o'clock Wednesday. December 23. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemstery.
BOTKIN — In this city. December 20. 1903,
William Wallace Botkin, a resident of Sac-
ramento, beloved husband cf Mary E. Bot-
kin and fath-r of Mrs. Kate A. Blakestey,
Joseph G. Botkin. Mrs. Elizabeth A. Mc-
Donald and Mrs. Edith E. Jenaen. a native
of Ohio, aged 59 years (5 months and 28
days.
CyTFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, at the
chapel of Charles H. J. Truman & Co.. 19U0
Mission street, between Fifteenth and Six-
teenth. Interment crlvate. Please omit
flowers.
BOWE— In West Berkeley. December 19. 19CKJ.
William Bowe. father of Edward J. and
Lizzie G. Bowe. Mrs. C. R. Brown. Mrs. T.
F McNamara, Mrs. J. Semeria and Mrs. A.
• V. Jackson, a native of Ireland, aged «S3
years 11 months and 22 days.
E7Thi> funeral will take place Tuesday,
at 10 o'ekek." from the family residence.
2317 San Pablo avenue. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery. Oakland.
CELLA— In this city. December 20. 1903. John
Baptist Cella. a native of Italy, aged .58
icy Remains at the ' parlors of Valente.
Marlnl & Co.. 1521 Stockton street.
CHISHOLM-In this city, December 20, 1903,
Roderick Chlsholm of- Dawgon. Y. T. be-
loved husband of Annie Chlsholm, a native
nt Nova Scotia, aged 27 years.
CLAP.K — In Fruitvale. December 10. 1905.
Julia Adela. beloved mother of. Leland F-.
Vernon C. and Albert H. Clark, a native of
Ohio, aced ttt years 4 months and 11 days.
' C3rFriends'and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invitwi to attend tfc* funeral services
Tuesday. Decficber 22, 1903, at 2 o'clock, at
this family 143S East Sixteenth
street. Fruitvale. Interment Mountain View
. Cemetery.
COLLINS — In Oakland. December 21. 1903.
Brother Venaotius Cyril t Dennis Collins),
a native of County Cork. Ireland, aged 41
years and 11 months.
CTFrien'is ar.d. acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day. December 23. 1903. from* St. Mary's
Collese Chapel, where a. requiem hizh mas*
wili be eel: orated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 1O o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
COLLINS — In this city. December 21. 130C1.
Frank. ' dearly beloved husband of Nellie
Collins, sen of Mis. K. Fuller of Columbus.
Ohio, and brother of Mn». Helen 6mlth and
Mrs. Ueorre Voltz. a native of New Ycrk,
aged 24 y^ars 7 -months snit 20 days,
m c^Notice of funeral hereafter.- . .
CROWLEY— In this city. December 2f>.' 19C3.
Jennie Crowley. a native of New York.
ICTThe. funeral will take rlace to-day
(Tuesday), at 9:8ft o'clock, from the parlors
cf McFaddcn, McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral for ,se rvlces
at 10:15 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery-
DOUGHERTY— In this city, December .21.
•lCOtf. John M- Dougherty, beloved son of
Mary and the late Michael Dougherty. . and
brother ot Daniel J.. Thomns J. an.l Mary
P. Poueherty and the late K. T. Hayward,
a native of Benlcla. Cal.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Irvifxl to attend the fun'ral to-morrpw
' « Wednesday): at » o'clock, from his late
residence. S21 Golden Gate avertue. thence
to Ft Mary's Cathedral, where a «>l'mn re-
quletn hleh mass will be celebrated for the
m-ose of his s-oul at 0:10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cr's* Cemetery.
HANLEY— In Oakland. December 20. 1003.
Ell*n Hanley, beloved wife of George Han-
ley. a native of County Cavan. Ireland, aged
CO years.
CyFrlcnds- and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday;
December 22. 1903. at 9:30 o'clock, from the
parlors of Jame» McManus. Seventh .and j
Castro utretts. thence to the Church of the
Immaculate Conception, where services will
be helil at 10 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland.
HIGGINS — In • tMs e+ty. Deeemb*p 21. 1903.
JoMph H.. beloved son of the late John and
Julia Ohmen Higstn*. and brother of John
E. and William O. Hlgglns. Mrs. C. J.
Brophy, Mrs. M. Morris. Mrs. C. Herschy.
Mrs. L. qralghead and the late Matthew P.
Hlgglns. a native of Ean Francisco, aged 33
years and :• months.
IC7"Frlen<is and acquaintances are reapect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of J..C. O' Cursor & Co.. 7«7 Mission street,
thencV to St. Patrick's Church for services,.
Irtermert Holy Cross Cemetery.
HOFFMAN— In this cltv. December 21. 1000,
Kredericka. beloved wife of the late H. J.
' Hoffman, and mother of H. J.. J. A. and
E. A. Hoffman, a native of Germany, aged
CM years 7 months ami 22 days.
KEENAN— In this city, December 21, 1906.
. inlant sob" of Dr. AUxander S. and Laura
Koenan. a TAttve oi San Francisco.
KELLY— In this city. December 20. 1003. Cor-
nelius, beloved husband of Ann Kelly, and
father of Neal- Kelly and Mrs. Jess Casey,
a native of Ocean County. New Jersey, aged
74 year* and 11 months. (Atlantic papers
phase copy.)
•(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invltfd to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 435 '.^ Stevenson street, thence to
St. Patrick's Church, where a, requiem high
mats will be celebrated, commencing at 3
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LICHTENSTEIN — In this city. December 20.
1903. Max H.. -beloved husband of Louise
Llchtenstein. and father of Albert. Henry,
¦ Max Jr..- Edith and Lulu Llchtenstein, Mrs.
W. W. Hewitt. Mrs. F. Qulnlan and Mrs.
B. F. Hanlon. r native of Germany.
'(E7Frlend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Inviteti to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock, at ' his
late residence. 610 Oak street. Interment
strictly private.
MERRIMAN— In Alameda. December 20. 1903.
Captain Robert ' L. Merriman. father of
George. R. L. Jr. and. Mira C. Merriman.
a native of Brunswick.' Me., born April 14.
1S30: died December »>. 1903. at 3:3O p. m.
tNew York papers ptease copy.)
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the' funeral services
Tuesday. December 22. .1903. at 2 o'clock," at
the residence of his son. George Merriman. •
1620 Lafayette street. Interment private.
NAGLE— In tl.w city. December 20. 1803. El-
' leti K> Nad*, beloved sister of Margaret.
Julia and Nora Rvaiy & native of Glountane.
County Cork, Ireland, aged 51 years.
£7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful. y Invited to attend the funeral to-day
'(Tuesday), at 8:30,- o'clock, from the funeral
prilors of McAvoy tc Co.. 1239 Market
rtft<W between Eighth and Ninth, thence to
• St. Joseph's Chureii. where a soleraa re-
quiem-mass will he celebrated for the re-
' put* of her soul. f.->n»rienclns at 9 o'clock.
. Interment Holy Cr»vss Cemetery.
NELSON— In this city. December 20. 1903.
Perry Nelson, a native of Skaane. Sweden,
aged 38 years.
C7Remafns at the funeral parlors of
*. Craig, Ccchran & Co.. 429 Golden Gate ave-
; '. . nue. i ¦
O'KEEFE — In Los 'Ana-elea, December 15,
1903. Patrick H.. beloved hurband of Leila
- M. OUCeefe, a native of Spaunton. Va., aged
' 39 years 10 months and 5 days.
E7FrIends and acquaintances are recpeet-
. . fully invltsd to attend . the funeral services
to<-day (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of S. J. Wllkins. 3C08 FUlmore street.
. near ' Union. Interment private.
F.J. MONAHAN. Manager. Tel. Mission -L
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERi
-: 2339-2341 Mission st.. rear Nineteenth, r
'. '.- .' - • ' . -, San Francisco.
James McGinn.- - Henry Ha Die a.
' ~ JAMES McGINN & CO.. '
Formerly With McGinn" Bros.. ¦
¦>i— 7-Funen*I Directors and Embalmers.— —
¦ - - - 214 Eddy St.; Tel. Bouth 878.
RO03IS AXD BOARD.
A— HOTEL BALTIMORE.
VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST.
AMERICAN PLAN.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 708.
SELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEL.
HOT AND COLD OCEAN WATER. .
SPECIAL RATES BY THE MONTH.
:' ':. MUNGER & ZEBERQ. PROPRIETORS.
A HPTFT- HATTON "
S. E. COR. PINE AND TAYLOR
"Tnls new and rustic constructed hotel Is slt-
" uated In the city's swellest quarter and will
be handsomely furnished throughout, with all
the very latest conveniences; will be ready
for occupancy Dec. 15:. reservations can now
be made on premises dally.
CHANGE OF PROPRIETORS. ~ ~
MANHATTAN HOTEL. 1704 Market St.— A
.strictly first-class family and tcurist hotel of
unquestioned respectability. American p'.an.
A H~~THE DRESD1*
SELECT FAMILY BOARDING-HOUSE. 144?
FULTON.BET. BRODERICK AND BAKER.
HOTEL MARTINET. Geary st. and Van Ness
ave., has changed hands; hereafter conducted
, first-class family hotel; table board specialty.
CALIFORNIA. 1246— Most select ! location In
modern, elegantly furnished private home;
table unsurpassed; marine view.
PINE. 777 — Pleasant rooms: good board; bath,
piano, phone; home comforts; young ladles
'""-and 'gentlemen: $4, $5. $6 per week.
Stevenson mansion, S07 CaUfornla — Fine rma;
new chefs;, colored service; table specialty:
O'FARRELL. 308 — Furnished rooms: boms
cooking: German family: $6 per week.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 10 pasres. sent to any address in the
United States or Cahada one year for $1,
pottage p«ld.
PAPERIIAXGIXG. PAINTING. ETC.
CALL at «27 Turk st. or phone Sutter 154 for
paperhangir.p. painting and paper cleaned. *
Papering; reasonable ratfs: tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 31'J 3d; ui. Main 413.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS. : ;
DR. C. C: O' DONNELL — Office and residence.
liEl',4 Market si., bet. Cth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases, of women.
DR. M.' MATSUDA has returned from Orient.
Npw at SE. corner Geary and Taylor sts.
BLOOD, sktn and rectal diseases a specialty
DR. BALL. 1073H Market st. )
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor.
tr»ats all di.«easts of the human body: for
past fcur year: at"- 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary »*»» near Leavenworth.
DR. TONO PO CHY. successor to ~Dr. Lt Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by Use of herb* and teas. 727 Washington st.
V>n. H. C. WONG, 719 Post St.; all diseases
cured by Chinese herbs; consultation free.'
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dts-
eaeea cured by Chlntre herb*. 74&-S Clay st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Ladles! Chlchester'e English Pennyroyal Pills
are best: sate, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladies"
In letter by return mail. Ask your druggist.
Chichester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING^
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market— Cure
In every case; Individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire Into wonderful cures; home cure.
TVPEWHITKB8 AND SUPPLIES.
AN excepticnnlly good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier. $-3; other typewriters .«V
higher and lower prices; rentais S- 50. Tne
Typewriter Exchange. 53tf California st. . ¦
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each: get par-
ticulars of L & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gctnery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webeter Typewriter Inspee. Co.. CCS Market.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— CALIFORNIA SAFE
DEPOSIT AND TKUST COMPANY, corner
California and Momcnmery sts.. For the
' six month* endln«r December 31. 190.$. divl-
rtrnds havr been declared on deposits In the
i-avlngs department cf this company, as fol-
lows: On term deposits at' the rate of
3 6-10 per e<mt"per aunatn; and. err ordinary
u>pcsit.i at the rate of .3 per cent p*r an-
um,- free of tax<p, a«d payable on and after
Sr-aturday, January 2, 1904. Dividends un-
called for are added X.o th<J- prinolpa.1 after
January 1. 1C04. J. DALZELL BKOWN.
Manager.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Bo;le:y. 5th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building.. 7CS Market St., opposite Third—
For the half-year ending 31st of December,
1G03. a dividend hts bt-en declared at the
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating certificates,
tree of taxes, payable on and after fc'ATl*l:-
DAY. January 2. 1SMW. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CKAIG. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE — SAN FRANCISCO
SAVINGS UNION, 532 California ft., corner
Avcbb. For the half year ending with the 31st
of Decemher 1!X«. a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate per annum of three and
one-half i'i\t) Per cent on term deposits
add three (X) per cent on ordinary deposits,
free of taxe*. ''payable on and after Saturday.
January 2. 1904. LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice— The German Savings and
Loan Society. 52(1 California st.— Fcr the half
year ending with December 31, 1P03, a dlvi-
v drnd has been declared at the rate of three
and one-quarter (3Vi) per cent per annum on
all deposits, Ireo of taxes, payable on and af-
ter Saturday. January 2. l{*4.
GEORGE TOURNY, Secretary. ¦
THE CONTINENTAL BUILDING AND LOAN*
ASSOCIATION, 301 California st.. San Fran-
cisco, Cal,, has declared a dividend for the
year ending December 31. 1003. of 5 per cent
on ordinary deposits, 6 per cent an term de-
posits and 8 per cent to stockholders, free of
taxes. DR. WASHINGTON DODGE. Presi-
dent. WM. CORBIN. Sec. and Gen. Mgr.
THE Humboldt Pavings and Loan Society. 18
Geary St., has declared a dividend, of 3Vi
p*r cent per annum on deposits, free' of
taxi's, for the term ending December 31, 100j,
payable, on and after January 2. 1004.
W E. PALMER. Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice — Mutual Savings. Bank of
San Francisco, No. 710 Market street — For
the half-year ending December 31, 1903. a
dividend ha.i ben declared at the rate of
three and twenty one-hundredths (3.20) per
cent per annum on all deposits, free of taxes,
payable on and after SATURDAY, January
2. 1004. GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
A5SESSM.ENT N«»TICES.
HONOLULU PLANTATION COMPANY— As-
sessment Notice — Honolulu Plantation Com-
pany, location of principal place of buslnesr,
can Francisco, Cal. — Notice Is hereby given
that -at a meeting of the board of directors
held this ICth day of November A. t>. 1003,
an ' assessment (Number 1) of one dollar
<$1 CO) per share was levied upon the cap-
ital stock of the corporation, payable' im-
mediately to the secretary of the company
at the office of ! the company. 327 ' Market
St., San Francisco, State of California. Any
etock upon 'which this assessment shall re-
main unpaid an the 28th day of December.
1003. will be dellnauent and advertised 'for
sate at*rubllo auction,-' and unless payment
Is made before jvIU be sold on the ISth
day of January. 1004, t6 pay the delinquent
assessment, together' with expenses of sale.
H. W. THOMAS.
Secretary of the Honolulu Plantation Com-
pany. 327 Market St.. Ran Francisco,' Cal.
<Rf>pm Nol 4. Second Floor). • "
¦LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
PURSUANT to an "order of the Chancery Di-
vision of the High Court of Justice In Ire-
land, made In the matter of "the trusts of
the residue of the estate bequeathed by the
will of COLUMBA-TTTZPATRICK. and In
the matter of the trustee act. 189.V the
children. If living, of JOHN FITZPATRICK.
late of San Francisco, California. U. S. A.,
who died on the 16th day of December. 1890,
at St. Joseph's Hospital. Denver Colorado,
in the United. States :Af America, and the
legal personal'represematives of such of said
children as have died since that date, are, by
their solicitors; on or before the 16th day of
January. 1904, ' to come In and prove their
claims at the chambers of the Right Hon-
orable the .Vice Chancellor of Ireland at
"the 1 Four Courts.' Dublin. ' to the sums of
£2552 12s. M. new consols, and £4« l«j'id.
cash, standing to the ledger credit of "In
the matter nflhe trusts of the residue 1 of
the estate bequeathed by the will of Co-
lumba Vitzpatrlck. . and In the matter of
• the trustee act. 1803,*" being the residue nf
the estate of said , COLUMBA FITZPAT-
RICK. 'deceased, or In default thereof tHey
will be peremptorily excluded from the ben-
efit of said. order. WEDNESDAY, the 20th
day of January.- 1904. at the said chambers.
Is appointed, for. hearing and adjudicating
upon the. claims. Dated this 1st day of De-
cember. 1903. H. A. COSGRAVE Chief
- Clerk. J. H. # WALSH w & CO.. Solicitors; 1
Lower Ormond Quay. Dublin. --
EXTENSION ;OF PROTEST— CAPTAIN a
. SPRENCEL. master of. the. German schooner
Neptun (R. K. S. M.) will extend his protest
on .Wednesday, ¦ December 23, 1003, at . 10
o'clock a.' m..- at the 'office of the Imperial
German . consulate in , this city, 3fg ¦ Sacra-
. memo st.. San Francisco,. December 18,' 1003. ,
A.- ROSENTHAL, Imperial German Consul
General. • : «r '. \
TO I.QA?f— Continued.
AAA- HERMAN MUHPHY.
601-0C3-UXJ Examiner building,
vulck settlements : no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates. e econd mortgages, undivided fnter-
' *ft*. assignments cf rents, property in trust.'
«te. ; legacies, life estates end undivided In-
terests In property purchased.
Ccurtecu.E tr»>atin-r.t. Strictly cc-Cier.ttal.
When You Ne<?d Mcnev
Fee HERMAN M C P. PH Y.
ADVANCES on furr.jture and pianos without
removal; to permanent salaried people oa
their ncte without security or knowledge of
fffiplcyr; lowest rates; no commission. NA-
TIONAL CREDIT O». <S and Ci Dcnchoe
bullduu.. 1170 Market gt.
tTRICTLT CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
niture, pfar.es or to salaried people en their
r.cte; proper treatment guaranteed ILLINOIS
TRUST CO.. r. 16. Phelan bid., ttl. Main 7M.
MUNICIPAL, LOAN OFFICE 1C3 Giant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000
HONEY to loan en low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds. pArls and precious atones bought
at W. J. IIESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth tt.
NEW easy method — To wage-earners en unin-
dcrsed cotes; absolute privacy. Fidelity
Lr-an Ccmpasy. roctas 4S-4U. |Thr?nicie bldg.
TO salaried people without eecsirity; co furni-
ture; indorsed nctes and other security. S. F.
IMfecunt Agency. 143 Phelan building.
AT lewest rates en furniture and pianos; strict
privacy; r.o commission .'installments accepted.
BONELLI. 201 Eddy. Conservator? building.
OPEN Credit Ass'n. loans on salaries conflden-
tially: new.siraple plan. Room 5u. Sl'J Market.
Z% ON furniture * pianos; $15 up: no removal:
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
I PER cent en funuture or piar.o. 1003 Mu-
tual Saving! Bank bldg.. 70S Market st.
STAR Loan Co of Wvomine; ; ar_- mor.ey to
salaried »ir.rlcyes. R. 311. MutuaJ Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH leaned salaried p«»ople on r.otes without
lndoreer. MORELL. C0» Examiner building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
«A. FEW 6FEC1AL UPRIGHT PIANO BAR-
GAINS:
Collard. $33; Emerson. $65: FUsher. $70;
SI!!ler. $175; ChlcJcerir^. $167; American.
1163; He:ne. Jr.,"; iiaj-ne*. $15O: Eteinway.
tlS5; Eteinway. large etyle. $325. and fifty
ethers. Rents, $2 up; installment*. $4 up.
HEINE PIANO CO., 235-237 Geary street;
Oakland branch. Fifteenth and Broadway, old
P. O. tldg.
5. Ht; holidays are cloee at hand and ail wto
ccstemplata selecting a piano are advised to
select this week so as to avoid the delay of
ruch week. A email payment dowa will se-
cure the Instrument and delivery can. b«
made when yea wish: $150 upward Is all you
need pay. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
COMPAXT. 763 Market st.
TTE rent the best piano In the city for $3 per
Bionth; we allow c!x months' rental and
estrt&ge <$20> off purchase price, thus riving
yoa a six months* trial of the Instrument for
nothing; our terms and prices car not be
equaled In San Francisco. .
ECOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560-6* Hayes et.
A FIXE lot of second-hand uprights from $50
cp. Including such makes as Chickering. Vosa,
Kroegtr. Curtaz. Klrkhaxn, Pease. Hanlraan.
Marshall & Wt ;-.*-¦::, Baus aad ethers. BE.NJ.
CCRTAZ & SON. 16 O'FarreU St. No
tranches In Ean Francisco.
A TREMENDOUS sacrifice; unredeemed stor-
afe pianos and furniture selling to pay stor-
efe; iirt cheap. Whltebead'e Storage, 1639
Market et- Open evet^rors.
BAND Instruments; F. Besscn. Parts, maker;
Cut, Majwald. Agt. Pac. Coast. 278 O'Farrell:
fk.:iful repairing; Zd-hand instruments sold.
A LOT cf profejtsional drums for boys; cheap.
M. J. .KOCHMAN. 25S Turk et. •
5350— ELEGANT upright piano; will trade for
diamonds. Box 4SS3. Call.
$*. 00— FIXE upright. ec« $400. for sale; $5 In- !
rtallment. 1309 Go-ugh «.. r.ear Geary.
$CJ — UPRIGHT piano; Steck mahegacy; nearly
r.*-*-. HORNUNG BROS.. 216 McAllister st.
ALMOST cheaper than firewood; 6torag» pianos
& furniture. 1CJ6 Market st. Open evening*.
ALMOST ji«w iir.rtgfct; cheap; cash or ir.sta.ll-
ir.t-r.t. gcHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAilUter St.
BEAUTIFUL 3-p<*i&I Ste'.nwar upright piano;
I— r/tct order; sacrifice. Ke^ff«'s.2S5 O'Farrell.
b<"IIMER. Byrcn Maury pianos. CeclSaa piano
player. BTRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Poet et.
BTTPERIOB violins, rithera, eld and new. H.
iSL'LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES A\D STORES TO LET.
A- '21". I'OLK et.. near O'Farrell; splendid
Ktore. with 3 r.ic* living rooms; rent $25.
BPSCK i CO., €C7 Market st.
r>EFK room lr. fine, central, equipped office;
cheap. U'. F. CUMMINS. 240 Montgomery.
TO let — Large rtcre; pood for bct"^Jer or veg-
fraMi-g. I5SS Devlsadero st.
l'KHMtXAL*.
A. SPECIAL LOW RATE, 30 DAYS ONLY—
M. ELLA HARRIS.
To all whom I have made prices to einee
Jan. L 1903. and ror the ensuing 30 days only.
I will tra.k* a liberal reduction from all prices
for rnjr special deep wrinkle treatment.
Tb« lady who has been on exhibition In the
<rug store windows may be seen at my office
this week from 10 ta 5, in crder to accommo-
date those who have requested to examine the
lace raore thoroughly in private.
M. ELLA HARRIS.
TS1 O'Farrell et.. near Larksn. Call or write
fcr book explaining method.
Baron- s cloak and suit house!
Yccr.ir ladies steaiii'.y employed can have
Baron's cloaks, suits, furs and tailor-made
rults to order; on weekly cr monthly pay-
ments plan, at regular marked pric<»s. Con-
rlae* yourself by calling on BARON. 762
Market et.
THE Star Hair Remedy restenw gray hair. Im-
proves its gTOWth, stops falling, cures dandruff
ar.d Itching- scalp; no etain cr stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy CO..133S Polk.
A — COME and let our doctors give, you free
examination and advice: you pay fcr the
— < c: ..:-'- only and at the lowest prices. LION
PHARMACY. 1500 Micslcn St.. cor. 11th.
I»'OT hew cheap but how good is the motto of
the manufacturers cf the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
XV. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st.
A NETV idea in jewelry and Central American
curios, :: : ir. curtains, draperies, shawls,
*tc. ; the only store in the city that carries
this. FROWISS & PON. 1239 Polk. nr. Sutter
•DRUNKENNESS, mcrpcine and all drugs^dlsl
eases positively <-jred fcy Willow Bark Co..
1S39 Po'.k et. ; consultation free; call or write.
LIQUOR habit cured In 2 days or no charges;'
sruarante«>d. Actne Liquor Cure C^.. 997 Mar-
ket St.. room 2y3; phone South 751.
AT less than cost,- uncalled for suits, overcoats,
and trpuaeia et CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market «t.
ELEGANT FuitR on fury installment*; 50 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
fcet St.. between Seventh ar.d Eighth.
DANCING Tur-saay, Thumday, Saturday, Sun-
day *virs.. Teutonla Hall. Howard st.. nr.
Oth; Pror. Fciter; society, dancing taught.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave..
corner Sutter et.; fee moderate.
MASSEUSE v.ishrs <"r-.fracements mith ladies
enly. Phone Capp €238. -.i/~.
Ben Slarche Pants Co.; special $5 pants to or-
der. Retire 14 & 16. 40 Ellis. Tel Drumm 44.
FINE genuine diamonds. watcb<*Jewe!ry cheap-
er than anywhere. A. A. Ritter. 237 Kearny.
SlASOTTRAPE cortum+m. rlay book*. w?gr;
country orders; GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
6UITS to crder on lnstallfncnts. $1. per week.
Neuhaas & Co., merch. tailor*. 727-729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & mcles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market.
TAILOR-VADE *u!t $7 50; drew pants $2 50.
Miffit Clothln* Parlcr. cor. Bush and Dupont,
ALFREDUM'S Eryptian Henna restores gray
fcatr to its natural eolcr; $1; at all druggists'.
Foperfluous hair and moles removed with elec-
tric needle. -Mrs & MiM E>ton. 1119 Setter.
A BRANCH office of The Call fcr the reception
of advertisements and-*«bsrrtptions has b*en
opened ot lOttS Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Opfn until 11 p. m. . '
~~ PAI.MISTZVV.
MM". DEVAS. eciestlflc palmist and astrolo*
riet: I>alai readings $1; 3 questions by ex-
press, fl; open Tuesday eve. also. 133 Pest st.
MME. NEERGAARD'S da** In palmistry be-
Cins Dec. 1, £ p. n>. 242 Post St.; terms $10.
H. JEROME FOSELU. scieatJflc palmist, 513
Taylor gt.. near Geary. Phone Black 561.
PBOPEBTV WAXTED.
PROPERTY, wtntsd by nurterymen ; 5 to 15
• rres; ranch to lease near Oakland. Box
6S2. Call office. Oakland. ?.* ' ,
REAL* ESTATE CITY— FOR ." SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL
• 25 POST ST.
10*LEVEL LOTS
ON
HAYES. . "
FELL AND
BRODERICK
• STREETS.
SUITABLE FOR
FLAT'S OK RESIDENCES.
$2500 AND UP.'
I $<5.100^-A positive bargain; comparatively, new
liah- of flats en the north side of Fred-
erick st. near Ashbary: Nos. 212 and
£14; large lot. 25xll6.:«;- modern
throughout; rented low at $000 per year;
we are instructed by the owner, who ;
resides In. the East, to sell this prop- i
t-rty at once; the price has been re- }
duced from $70<X> to make a quick sale; !
the fiats could not be duplicated for
less than $€000; lot worth $-5U0; get
permit from* our office.
$4,0CO— Rent $42 per month; 4 separate flats
of 4 rooms each, in splendid renting lo-
. cation, dose to ThirU St.; lot runs
through from street to street, having
double frontage; all in perfect order;
new roof, etc."; must be sold this wtek;
a bargain can be had in this property.
. $4.1^0 — Splendid residence on Pine St.. 2-
story house. 7 room* and bath; modec*
plumbinjr; porcelain bath, etc.; chrap-
<st house to be had In ihe Western
Addition. ~
$3.5CO~Konts '$?& per mosth; large Jot. £3x
144; on FiUmore- et; near . McAllister:
two-story frame builaing of 2 flats of B
and 7 rooms and bath each; building
oould be raised and store put in at.
small cost, making this a choice piece
of business prorveriy
$5,750— Two Hats iu'Wt stern Addition at a
bargain; W5 have 2 flats of C rooms
and --bath uach; not far from the Park,
close, to Haight-st. cars, on a lot »5x
JfO. and renting for $56 50 per month;
Thi-i ia a splendid investment. •
$20,000 — jdust be sold before crwner leaves for
TJurope in December; " large lot,
xl37:6;- frame building, renting for
$S2 00 per month; right down town,
with tlegant exposure; suitable for small
hotel cr apartment-house; near Sutter
and Powell sts.
$2,900 — Tremcnt ave., near Waller st. ; only
one block to Haight-st. cars; very tle-
slrable little home, consisting of a cot-
tage containing 5 . rooms and bath; r. r £
occupied by owner, but renting for
$£: 50 por month; a well paying in-
vestment if not wanted for a home.
11,000— Tne asking price; any fair otter will
take this property belonging to an as-
sociation which desires to sell its reai
estate; larire corner lot. 5OxS5 - com-
• ir.anding a splendid view; desirable for
a fccildtr; corner Hill and Aanchez sts.;
take Castro-st. cars.
$8,000 — Rents $JKO per annum; lot 25x122:6. to
rear street; 2 splendid flats of «J and 7
rooms' and bath each, and cottage of 5
room*; street work all done; always rent-
ed: Vallejo St.. close to Van Ness ave.
$4,000 — Clementira Et.. near Sth; lot 25xsO: 4
separate flats; rents $41 50 per month;
must be sold: .
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
•'-• "* 25 Post Street. ,
W. J. GfNN,
530 CALIFORNIA ST.
'Savings Urflon Building.)
$1750 — Cheapest lot in Western Addition, on
junny fide Union St.. near Broderick: 25x100:
grand marine rtew; easy terms; .*100 first pay-
ment, S1O per month; ready for building; choice
location for flats: 2 fine flats U> be erected Im-
mediately on adjoining lot just sold: on "the
other side Is a fine residence. Thore Is a sreat
demand for flate and residences in this local-
ity and they bring big rents : every one wants
a marine view.* and the demand is lncrFasing:-
ther*> is nothing vacant In the vicinity; this is
a 12 per cent a year income proposition, if
Improved. •
W. J. GUNN. M0 CALIFORNIA ST.
J11O0— CHEAPEST rcrner in Richmond: 49x
100: Clement et. ; sewered, graded, ready for
building.
$40O— A bargain in Sunset: 25x119; Thirteenth
ave.. nr. L st.; i delightful view.
$4OO— Only; a NE. corner on Market st. and
Thirty-ninth ave. : 12.1x124; grand ocean view.
$50 each— Some choice level lots now in gar-
den: 25x124; n»ar road and ocean bea<-h
CHAS. W. POPE, owner, 11-Montgynery.
NTCC new sunr.y cottage. 6 rooms, bath; fine
wood mantel: cement sidewalk: high base-
ment; ran be had na terms same as r«"it-
block from cars; 20 Merritt et. ; take Elgh-
teenth-st. car, get off at Hattle.
START the rew year In your own home- $250
and $20 per month, cottage 5 ¦ rooms and
bath ; $2.V> and $25 per month hous*. « rooma
and bath; $250. new 5-room cottage' and $"*5
per month. D. COFFIN. 3303 Mission-- st.
FOR choice list of city property, houses and
lots, also Oakland and Berkeley bargains
call on or address
ROTHERMEL & CO.. 507 California gt.
BARGAIN— Modern 6-room cottage^ conven-
lent; large basement; $2500. 654 Ninth ave
near C «t.
BXTILD en your unimproved realty; we loan
full eoet Impror. and part lot at B per cent.
MANHA.TTAX LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
LOTS. N or S side or Golden Gate Park pur-
chased by W. J. GCNN. S30 California st.
PLUMBING In a^l its branches; Jobbing AHU
BACH & MAYER. Plumbtra. 838 Howard.
HEAL ESTATE: Country For Sale.
A SNAP— Alameda County; profitable "poultry
ranch home; 20 acres; good buildings. Incu-
bator, brooder; poultry-houses complete; all
personal property: stock. Implements,- furni-
ture; over 1C0 hens; orchard: water piped
over place. A. B. YOEMANS, 302 Mont-
gomery st.. room 14.
71S ACFES near Mayfleld. 11 miles from San
Jose: 100 acres, full bearing prunes; largo
vineyard; all good land; water piped every-
where; Immense concrete reservoirs; fine
houses, stab'.es. barns, etc.; fenced in 5 fields-
cost $160,000: price $50,000. THORNE &
KILPATRICK. 312 Bugh St.. San Fraftclsco.
A CHRISTMAS GIFT. "
For the family; cummer cottage and lot at
Brookdale. Santa Cruz County, for sale ; $350
Apply box 95. Fruitvale P. O.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-tcr* farm. "
$200 profit per annum per acre
Writ» for booklet. It's free. £03 J st.
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Cat
FOR farms, orchards and vineyards poultry
and stock ranches, timber and grazing lands
call or eer.d for our catalogue. ROTHER-
MEL & CO.. 507 California st.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains; monthly cata.-
Icgi/s sent free. C M. WOOSTER CO.. MS
Market «t.
A BIG list of all clashes of ranches; state
what's wanted and I'll send descriptions.
N. P. SICKELS. the Land Agfnt. 6 Geary.
POIVT niCHMOXD REAL ESTATE.
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts-
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
A HOUSE cf "Vooms and bath In good" loca-
tion in Oakland to exchange for small ranch
in Alameda County. . P. C. LASSEN Sc CO
*€6 Tenth st.. Oakland. , "
FORTY acres of land with $1200 water right In
Colorado to trade for an automobile. Box
2tt04, Call.. ... '
FOR exchange — About 25 canaries; will take
typewriter. Box 48S5. Call office.
STORAGE AAD WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture,
household goods stored, moved, chipped. 72S-
731 Howard st.. nr. Third; phone Grant 1B1.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
flce Post and Powell ets.; tef. Prlve. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 120.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; $40
Mission st.; tel. Howard 941. F. XV. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC StCrare and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 23S0 FUlmore St.; phone Jacksdn 2SL
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
th.; t»l. Main l»40. Shipping at cut rates.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'JPNTS
._ J _u!^g R i5§ ; Jlgg- JftjgAL E8TAm~~
524.00C — GOOD, investment; clubhouse of 10
-.1 v, rocms; 4 flats;, all -new and now rented
for $180 t>er month; within 2 blocks of
V. C. grounds and' commanding fine ma-
rine view. •, . .. .
$18.000 — Fine business block; 4 stores on first
floor; V\ !aree rooms on <second floor -
payir.g-7.. per cent on- the' price asked.
$C,2^0 — House. Sr. 4 b.; south frontage; street
work dene; beautiful yard: 2 blocks of
station. . . ¦•
$6»000r— 3"i acres* cn'Claremont'ave.; will sell
as a whole «or In subdlyisknis. - -•
$2.000 — 5 r. & b. ; street worl* done. - .
• $600- lots: street work dont*, 3 blocks of
- > . Dwlght -way--'-- ' -•• < » -s •- •• -
$200— Good lot: 40x130; on easy terms.
CHENEY Jfe BERRY." P. O. block.
Berkeley,- Cal.
WANTED — Purchaser for two' 5-room' cottages
Just finished. GEO. D. PRENTICE, owner
and builder. 2313 Webster st., Berkeley. .
TELL OF GREAT HEEDS «sn>Petition in Insolvency.
Frank Foster, who resides at 1000
¦Indiana street, a 'quarryman, working
in Warren's quarry, at the six-mile divi
sion on the San .Bruno road, was
caught under'a falling boulder yester-.
day and suffered a fracture • of the
right leg. The fracture was set at the
Emergency Hospital.
Falling Rock . In ju res Him.
ADAMS' Irish Moss Coujth Balsam the safe.'
sure, guaranteed cure. 25c. 60c. Druggists. ' •
Bethel Church Holds . Bazaar.
Bethel African Methodist Episcopal
Church at 1207 Powell street is giving
a holiday bazaar all this week in *he
church parlors. The bazaar was open
ed last night, j There were a number
of booths containing many pretty
things to be sold at a reasonable fig
ured A large crowd, attended and the'
bazaar is bound to prove a great suc
cess. It will be open etfery .evening '
until New Year's night. . I
Harry M. Kelley, chairman of the
committee of the Grand Jury investi
gating the accounts of the County
Clerk's office. -had a lengthy confer
ence with Mayor Schmitz . yesterday
morning. The May or. refuses to giye
out anything that took place or -was
said at the conference at this time, but
it is understood that the two discussed
the course it would be advisable to
adopt in ( view of the recent crooked
disclosures in the Clerk's office. ;
Confers .With the Mayor.
Just received, latest Parisian novelties. Xma»
Clove orders. Danicheff. 121 Gram ave. *
The estate of Samuel Foster, the
merchant, was appraised yesterday at
$185,740 58. It consists of $625 cash,
realty worth $65,450 and personal
•property worth $119,715 58. His in
terest in the firm of S. Foster & Co.
is appraised at $37,500.
Merchant's Estate Appraised.
Toilet cases.. in buckhorn, celluloid 1 and
leather. Handsomest line ever shown.
Sanborn; Vail & Co., 741 Market st. •
Counsel on Both Sides Are Agreed
¦ That Hearing Shall Be Hastened
to Final Conclusion.
• It is probable that the hearing of
the case of Wetmore Bros., which
may decide the extent of the jurisdic
tion of the Harbor Commlslsoners un
der" the Woodward law, will take' place
before Judge .Sloss in the Superior
Court on January 8.^, . . . ,
An earlier day was* sought by coun
sel for the Harbor Commissioners and
by Mr. Reinstein, on behalf of the
wholesale produce dealers whose per
mits to sell have been taken away.
. On the date mentioned it is expected
that the proceedings will go as far
as possible and that they will be con
tinued to a conclusion. -
The decision in one case will be ac
cepted in all. . -
TEST OF WOODWARD LAW
TO-BE MADE NEXT MONTH
Opinion Expressed That the Export
Combine Must Break.
PORTLAND, Or., l5ec. 21.— That the
combine between the lumber manufac
turers of the Pacific Coast relative to
export interests is, bound- to go . to
pieces is the expressed opinion of some
prominent millmen. They assert that
the agreements which for two years
past have held export prices up have
served their usefulness and on account
of the condition of the home market
there must of, necessity be, a disruption
of the export combine. It is alleged
that some of the mills have been guilty
of cutting prices :.nd, have continued
until the market is undermined. • ;
. The looked for result is a great shak
ing up in the foreign, market that will
cause a heavy loss not only.- to : trie
mills in the combine but to those out
side of the , organization. The latter
mills would like to see the combine re
main intact; because its'agreement pro
tects, them also. A prominent lumber
man said to-day:
"I see no other possible result
a breaking up of the export combine.
At the time this organization was made
there -was a good* demand -for export
lumber and a still heavier demand upon
the home market. The latter demand
was teo great that many milfc made no
attempt whatever" to ship their pro
ducts to the foreign markets. Under
these conditions the mills that "entered
the export combine were enabled to
maintain almost any price 'that was
desired. Since then the home 'market,
has.sone.to pieces and as the foreign
market Is still good everything pos
sible has been directed In that channel.
The| result is that there has been an
overcrowding and some of the mills
have been quietly "cutting prices. This
rate cutting has been getting more bold
all the time and it has been discovered.
" '-'The r Calif ornia v people are. scrapping
about the penalty clause and other con
ditions make it almost impossible for
a settlement to be made."
J 3ULL OWNERS DUBIOUS.
Alden C. Darrow, freight agent of
the Colorado Midland Railroad, was
adjudged guilty of contempt of court
5'esterday by Judge Troutt and or
dered into the custody of the Sheriff
until such time as ha complies with
the court order directing him to pay
his wife, Florence C. Darrow, $170
accrued alimony. • The contempt pro
ceedings are the result of a suit for
maintenance filed some time ago by
Mrs. Darrow. At a preliminary hear
ing Darrow was ordered to pay his
wife $30 a month -for Tier support,
pending the final determination of the
suit. He neglected to do so, hence the
order sending him to jail.
Court Punishes Darrow.
Triplicate mirrors, standing mirrors
and hand mirrors. . Beautiful and Inex
pensive Christmas presents at Sanborn
&-VaH's. l •
Miss Marqul.ta Dwight and Miss
Fleurette de Mar, members of the the
atrical troupe now playing at the Cal
ifornia Theater, suffered the humiliat
ing experience Sunday nig>ht of being
held up and robbed of their valuables
According to their story, related tc
the police yesterday, they were or
their way home' from the theatei
shortly after 11 o'clock Sunday even
ing- and were walking along, Stocktor
street, between Post and Sutter, wher
they were suddenly halted by twe
men. ' '. .; ' ¦',
The latter placed their hands ovei
the young women's mouth3 to prevent
them from making an outcry and ther
relieved Miss Dwight of a purse con
taining $45, and from her frightened
companion they, took a diamond pin
which decorated the .bosom of het
dress. The robbers then' released
their fair captives and disappeared ir
the darkness of a small street.
Yesterday Miss Dwight and Miss dc
Mar reported the matter to the police,
to whom they gave a good description
of the robbers.
While on Their Way Home From The
ater Two Men Relieve Them of
Cash and Jewelry. '
ACTRESSES ARE WAYLAID
AND ROBBED OF VALUABLES
Chandler out of California if possible
and sent telegrams in all directions to
head the Sheriff and his prisoner off.
If Sheriff Baird and Chandler pass the
State line the writ of the Supreme
Court will be of no value whatever.
Attorney . Thompson learned last
evening that Sheriff Baird and his pris
oner had left in the* afternoon for San
Jose, intending to take the overland
train some hours later. Attorney
Thompson took a late train . for San
Jose, hoping to intercept Baird "and his
prisoner.
Lew Bow. a Chinese merchant liv
ing at 1024 Jackson street, was mar
ried yesterday afternoon to Hart Doe,
a Japanese girl. The ceremony was
performed by Justice of the Peace
Van.Xostrand. The groom is 25 years
old and his bride just 20. The wed
ding is unique from the fact that it is
but the third marriage between a
Chinaman and a Japanese that-* has
been recorded in this city. Usually
the two races do not love one another
to distraction.
Chinaman 'Weds Japanese Girl.
She Appears in Court and Frustrates
Attempt to Have Her Adjudged
Guilty of Contempt.
. , Miss Lily v O'Qonnor, • trustee of the
estate of her father.-Cornellus O'Con
nor, yesterday foiled the attempt of
her brother, "Willie," to have her ad
judged guilty of contempt of court for
failing to file an account and refusing
to allow him, as co-trustee, to gaze
upo.n the O'Connor bric-a-brac, furni
ture and silverware.
She appeared in" court and filed her
account and also informed -the court
that she was ready and willing at any
time to go with "Willie" to look at
the furniture. She said she tried to
keep her brother supplied with keys
to the safety vaults where the silver
ware was stored, but that her efforts
were In vain. "He cannot even keep
a key," she said, gazing at her brother
with a look of scorn.
WILLIE O'CONNOR FOILED
BY HIS CLEVER SISTER
of the beat informed timber and lum
ber men in the United States and with
the backing of the Weyerhaeusers he
naturally wields a strong influence.
Not long ago the Weyerhaeusers, who
have millions aC acres of timber lands
on the coast, Including the Navarro
property in the northern 'part of this
State, which they purchased a year ago
arid reorganized under the name of the
Pacific CoaBt Lumber Company, com
plained to tbe Pacific Coast Lumber
men that they were not receiving a fair
proportion of the export business and
threatened that if they were not given
a better pro rating tney would with
draw and carry on a business independ
ent of the combine, a move that would
necessitate their putting on .a number
of vessels and entering into a general
shipping business. Whether the de
mands of the firm are to be acceded
to in the- renewal of the coast agree
ment remains to be determined after
the troubles between the northern and
the California producers have been set
tled.
• The committee from the north held a
short conference with the local ' ex- (
porters yesterday afternoon,, but no
progress was made toward the settle
"fhent of the existing difficulties. To- j
day's meeting, however, is expected to
be more productive of resuffs.
POLICE WANT DRIVER
OF DELIVERY WAGON
Lewis St. Armont Accused of Selling
Trunks He Should Have
• Delivered.
The police have been searching: for
some .time .for Lewis St. Armont, a
"driver for Morton's delivery, but have
failed to find him. It Is supposed that
he has fled from the city to avoid ar
rest.
St. Armont Is accused of selling to
second-hand dealers trunks and their
contents that he had agreed to de
liver to their owners. At least four
complaints were made to the police
against him, one from a school teach
er of Oakland, one from a woman
from Portland, one from a visitor
from New York and another from a
stranger from Louisiana.
Detective Armstrong was detailed
on the case and he ascertained that
St. Armont had sold two of the trunks
to a dealer on Washington street and
the other two to a dealer on Mission
street, the sum obtained in each in
stance being $1. Armstrong also
learned that St. Armont had had an
account at the Hibernia Bank and had
withdrawn the amount on deposit
Baird and Chandler had dropped out
of sight, however. Thompson hunted
at all the downtown hotels, but could
find no trace of the Colorado Sheriff
or Chandler. v
Thompson enlisted the aid of private
detectives last night to try to find
Chandler and his captor from Colorado,
but they met with no success.
It is thought that Sheriff Baird of
Colorado took Chandler out of this city
on an evening train and then boarded
an overland train some time during the
evening.
Thompson was determined last night
to prevent Sheriff Baird from taking
Just as soon as the Supreme Court
had issued the second writ of habeas
corpus Attorney Thompson of Los An
freles started out to hunt up Sheriff
Baird of Colorado and serve him with
the order of court.
In the meantime the writ of extradi
tion issued by Governor Pardee a few
days ago was served on Sheriff White,
who was only too pleased to turn his
prisoner over to the Colorado Sheriff.
The second writ of habeas corpus
stated that Chandler was detained by
a. writ of the Governor of California,
vrhleh was correct, but the joker then
was to fiad Chandler and the Colorado
Sheriff.
Some hours after the decision of the
Supreme Court Chandler's attorneys
filed a second application for a writ of
habeas corpus for their client.
CHANDLER SPIRITED AWAY.
The application for the writ of habeas
corpus claimed that Chandler was not
a fugitive from justice from Colorado,
as alleged, end proceeded to give his
residences Fince the month of July,
when the Vindicator mine was blown
up.
Chandler's attorneys made a fatal er
ror, however, in their application. They
claimed that Chandler was illegally
held by a warrant, of the Governor of
California, who had ordered the sur
render of Chandler to the Colorado of
ficers on extradition proceedings.
. Chief Justice Bea,tty in dismissing the
application of Chandler held that, the
prisoner was simply held in custody on
a warrant of a Justice of the Peace of
Los Angeles County, and that it was
proper for Chandler to peek relief from
the Superior Court of that country be
fore applying to the Supreme Court.
Sheriff White left the Supreme Court
room with his prisoner and later on
turned Chandler over to Sheriff Baird
cf Colorado.
Attorneys D. E. Alexander and F. H.
Thompson of Los Angeles appeared for
Chandler, while Sheriff White of Los
Angeles County was represented by At
torney D. E. James.
The full bench of the Supreme Court
passpd upon the v.rit of habeas corpus
end disposed of the matter in a very
few minutes.
ATTORNEYS MAKE ERROR.
Chandler was arrested in Los An
fjeles on the evening of December 11 by
Sheriff White of Los Ang61es County,
acting on a telegram received from the
Colorado officials. It Is claimed that
Chandler was one of a party that plot
ted to blow up the Vindicator mine, in
Clear Creek County.. Colorado, which
resulted. in the destruction of property
and lives. Chandler since the time of
his arrest has fought the extradition
proceedings and retained counsel to de
fend, him. . .
- Last Saturday the Supreme Court is
eued a writ of habeas corpus, and
Sheriff While of Los Angeles County
brought Chandler to this city yester
day morning and produced him before
the court.
J. E. Chandler, secretary of the Min
ers' Union/if Clear Creek County, Colo
rado, who is ¦wanted by the authorities
of that State on a charge of conspiracy
to commit arson, was brought before
the Supreme Court yesterday morning
on a writ of habeas corpus.
The existing, agreement expires on
the first day of the new year and, with
the intention of renewing it for an
other year, the members of the com
bine met in Portland last week,- but
failed to accomplish their purpose.
While the existing agreement was sat
isfactory to the millmen of the north,
the California manufacturers refused
*lo sign for another year. The feature
of the agreement to which the millmen
of thia State object is a clause which
provides that where a producer exceeds
the output 'apportioned to him by" the
organization he shall forfeit the pro
ceeds of the excess. The California
millmen have declared in favor of a
modification, of 'this provision, so that
a mill may produpe more than its quota
in districts where the demand exceeds
the supply without suffering the penal
ties prescribed by the combine.
Failing to effect a compromise on this
point, the Pacific Coast Lumbermen, as
the export combine is known, delegated
a committee composed of E. A. Skin
ner of Port Blakeley, Richard Alexander
and R. L. McCormick, to come to this
city and confer with the local lumber
men with a view toward settling the
present .'differences. If the conference
fails of the purpose of the committee
it is expected that there will be devel
oped a lively war among the exporters.
The latter have been selling at a basis
rate of $14, but a dissolution of the
present combine will knock this price
several points lower and, it ;is feared,
demoralize the export trade in so far
as the millmcn are concerned. ' • >
R. L. McCormick is regarded as one
-R. L. McCormick, confidential man
for Frederick Weyerhaeuser, head | of
the biggest lumber- concern in the
world, accompanied by Richard Alex
ander, representing the principal lum
ber mills along the Colunibia River, ar
rived from Portland yesterday and is
registered at the Palace Hotel. The
coming of the Weyerhaeuser Timber
Company's representative has been
looked forward to with considerable
interest by local lumber men, for his
presence in San Etancisco at this par
ticular time has much to do with the
future conditions of the lumber busi
ness on the coast," and especially the
export trade,. on which the Weyerhaeu
sers have lately been steadily encroach
ing.
The export business of the coast has
been manipulated for two years- by a
combine in this city, in which are rep
resented the majority of the mills of
Washington, Oregon and California.
Through their organization th\y have
pro rated the amount of lumber that
each mill shall send to foreign ports,
basing the apportionment on the indi
vidual capacity of the mills. In this
manner the" output and the price of
lumber produced on the coast has been
regulated.
N LOCAL MILLS OBJECT. ¦
A divorce is asked for on two grounds —
first, failure to provide, and second, deser
tion. The plaintiff herself testifies, as also
does her sister, that ever since «ne and her
husband separated she has supported herself.
Hrr at'parel evidenced that- she was able to
support herself as well, if not better, than
her husband could. The earnings of a wife
are as much community property as are the
earning? of a husband, and where a wife is
living in affluence, even if she does Herself
tarn the means so to do, she cannot secure
from her husband a divorce on the ground of
neglect and failure to provide. There is no
necessity for him to provide for her.
As to the defendant's) desertion, ther* is no
evidence In corroboration of the pViintlfr/s tes
timony that the desertion was willful or that
the defendant had no intention of . returning.
A divorce cannot be rranted on the uncorrob
orated testimony of the plaintiff.
For the foregoing reasons the divorce
rrayed for is denied and it Js ordered that
the plaintiff take nothing on her complaint and
that judgment be entered in favor of the'de
fendant.
In this case there Is considerable doubt In
my mind as to the residence of the plaintiff.
She swears she has . always*Vesld»d Jn this
city and county, but admits fhe ha» been long
abroad. Whether she can be considered a
bona fide resident is Very doubtful, but as
the evidence wholly fails to support the alle
gations of the complaint in other respects, it
will not be necessary to consider the question
of residence.
Judge Cook's decision is as follows:
JUDGES DECISION*.
After being here a few days she filed
a petition for divorce from her -hus
band, and on October 2 she and her sis
ter testified in Judge Cook's /court,* the
husband being represented by. Assist
ant District Attorney Porter Ashe, who
informed the court that Butler was in
San Antonio, Tex., and would not op
pose the suit. That afternoon Mrs. But
ler left for Monterey, and a few days
later the case was taken from the court
calendar, to be replaced when the neces
sity arose.
The evidence of Mrs. Aubrey was to
the effect that she and her husband
were married in Xew York on January
12. .1S95. They tame to this city and
lived for a short time at the Palace
Hotel. She claimed that her husband
had deserted her some years ago. She
said she was born in this city and con
sidered it her home. The only other
witness was her. sister, who gave cor
roborative testimony as to the deser
tion. •
FILES SUIT FOR DIVORCE.;
The attempt of Mrs. Violet Aubrey
Butler, a former actress well known in
the East, to obtain a divorce from her
husband. Guy T. Butler, has failed.
Judge Cook handed down a decision
yesterday afternoon in favor of the de
fendant.
Mrs. Butler arrived at the Palace
Hotel from the East about the end 6f
September, accompanied by her sister
and a colored maid. She created a sen
sation by the magnificence of her ward
robe and the luster and extent «f her
diamonds and jewelry.
ny, who is said' to have been in the
array at one time. She has been liv
ing: with O'Hare for the last month.
She said that she deserted Penny be
cause he objected to her aspirations
for the stage, #and then found" employ
ment in a variety theater at 406 Du
pont street. Recently O'Hare became
jealous of a piano player in the resort,
who paid" attentions to the woman,
and several violent quarrels have been
; the. result. Early last evening O'Hare
: went to the theater and during a dis
pute struck Mrs. Penny on the head
with a loaded club. He then left the
place and .was heard 'of no more until
nearly midnight, when the tragedy
happened.
When tbe theater«,was about to close
Mrs. Penny and Florence Sales, an
other actress, started in the direction
of California street, it being the inten
tion of the 'former to go to Penny's
residence at 32 Lynch street. Mrs.
Penny, fearing that O'Hare might mo- |
lest her, asked Jake Shebina, "spieler" '<
for the place, to accompany her as far j
as the car. and the trio started in. the
direction of California street. They had
gone but a short distance, when a shor
was fired from behind and Shebina, #
struck in the shoulder, fell to the pave
ment. Mrs. Penny turrrfed, and when
she saw O'Hare with the smofting re
"volver in his hand, started to run up
the hill. She passed Pine street and
the chase lasted to Jhe corner of Cali
fornia street. In the flight O'Hare fired
four more shots and the last one struck
the woman in the side.
O'Hare crossed to the north side of
California street and finished -^he trag
edy in the shadow of old St. Mary's
Church. He stood undetermined for
a moment until he saw Policemen Reed,
Cannon, McShane. Connor and Special
.Officer Paul Schmidt hurrying toward
him. As Reed was about Jto seize his
hand he turned, the revolver in the
direction of his head and the only bul
let that remained in the weapon crash
ed through' his brain. He died in
stantly.
O'Hare's mother. Mrs. Mary O'Hare,
lives at 363 South Court, San Jose.*. The
suicide and the Penny woman lived at
319% Mason street. The body of the
man was taken to the Morgue and his
victims to the Emergency Hospital.
A tragedy in low life occurred- on
Dupont street, between California and
Bush, late last evening. .IJan O'Hare,
jealous of Ethel Penny, a variety ac
tress with whom he has been living,
shot the woman, then Jake Shebina,
a- "spieler" for a resort," and then sped
a bullet into his .brain. O'Hare died
instantly, but Mrs. Penny and Shebina
were not fatally wounded.
Ethel Penny is 20 years of age and
claims to be the. wife of "Major" Pen-
Supreme Court Acts Twice in
Case, but Valuable Time Is
Lost by Prisoner's Lawyers
Local Exporters Warit Rules
of the Coast Combine Re
garding Production 3Iodiffed
Question of Her Residence
Does Not Form Part of the
Reasons for the Judgment
Ethel Penny, Variety Actress,
and Jake Shebina,. "Spieler,"
Lie in Receiving Hospital
STORY ONE OF LOW LIFE
J. E. CHANDLER ACCUSED
ALLEGATIONS NOT PKOVEN
PRODUCERS ARE AT OUTS
Sheriff Baird of Colorado 6ut
wits Attorneys for Man -Who
Is Wanted 011 Charge of Arson
Dan O'Hare Tries to Slay a
Woman and Her Escort, Then
Dies in Shadow of a Church
Decision Bendered by Judge
Cook in Suit Brought by
Mrs. Violet Aubrey Butler
Lumbermen of the North Send
: Committee Here to Effect
Settlement of Differences
SPIRITED AWAY
BETWEEN WRITS
JEALOUSY ENDS
IN A TRAGEDY
BIG MILLMEN
IN CONFERENCE
FAILS TO GET
HER DIVORCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL 1 , .TUESDAY, DECEMBER ' 22, ' 1903.
Children like Piso's Cure. It Is pleasant to
take and cures their coughs. At druggiats 25c.*
•Murine Eye - Remedy : cures Sore Eyes,
?lakes weak Eyes strong. Murine doesn't
;mart. it soothes Eye pain. " • -
. Peter filed a petition In
insolvency yesterday .in the United
States ( District Court- He owes $882
and has no assets. He«is a dairyman
and resides in Oakland.
16
SHj SPitQAlU 8
Green
Stamps
TO-DAY
ADVERTISEMENTS.
From Brown's is a gift worthy of giving because
it, represents the highest, quality and the most up-
to-date styles. Here are a few hints:
¦ ' • • " ' " ,\ ¦
Fancy Vests . Two and Three Piece
J Suits, Single or
Wash Vests Double Breasted
Smoking Jackets Warm Woolen Over-
t a c •* * coats
Tuxedo Suits „„
Full Dress Suits x^fl-U>l/
"Overcoats v Eton and Sailor Suits
Cravenette Rain- Russian Blouse Suits
. S* Reefer Auto and Brown
Proof CoatS | Buster Overcoats
You will know right clothes when you see them,
and you can't help appreciating right prices.
i&TTJiL, to :mla.:n\
5=*h 5I6-5IS muBEmJisbS IS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I.IABKS BROS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Marks Bros.' Prices
Make Buying Easy
GIVERS OF USEFUL
PRESENTS WILL NOT
MISS THIS SALE OF
Mercerized
Sateen Petticoats
flC. CHRISTMAS SALE PRICE
&°C $1.25 PETTICOATS
07 OH CHRIS TMAS SALE PRICE ,
0 / i£U t $L50 PETTICOATS
Q1 £K CHRISTMAS SALE PRICE
Ol.f-O $2.00 PETTICOATS
41 7/7 CHRISTMAS SALE-PRICE
O/./O i2 .15 PETTICOA TS
tf / 0 Z CHRIS TMAS SALE PRICE
Ol.aU $2.25 PETTICOATS
CO OK CHRISTMAS SALE PRICE •
OZ.ZD $2.75 PETTICOATS
*O A K CHftlSTMAS SALE PRICE
VZ.H-O *s $3.00 PETTICOA TS
*O 7 Z CHRISTMAS SALE PRICE
OZ./3 $3.25 PETTICOATS
These Petticoats are j made from an
excellent quality of mercerized sateen.
Some are trimmed with narrow ruffles;
others have a deep accordeon plaited
flounce with an extra deep dust ruffle.
Great variety of pretty styles to select
from.
Petticoats are all made extra,
wide and extra full. "They are
Practical Christmas Gifts.",
PRICES AND QUALITY. TO SUIT
' ¦. , EVER r TASTE.
We carry an extensive line of Holiday
Handkerchiefs, Belts, Bags, Ribbon
Novelties, Mufflers and Silk Waists.
Green Trading Stamps with all purchases.
marMbros^
V , "HONEST VALUES"
1220-1222^1224: MARKET S T.
-Bet. Taylor and Jones. '
IDTANlVs s
arc skillfully built along {^
I scientific lines developed S
during half a century of j,,
a piano experience To this I
(fact is due their delightful J
tone and excellent con- i
strvction. |
I Denj.CurtaZ«Son J
I (SOLE AOE21TS) |
Open Evenings il
16 0TAB3EI.I. ST.. S. T. -J
San Jose, Fresno, Alameda, ' ¦
tt Stockton. 'Jk
SORT 70SOET THAT
ED. EVATT
FOK 32 TSABS WITH T. I.UMDY
Is at 7& Geary St..
With * Una stock of Diamonds. Watehe*. t
J»-welry. C" 1 Glass and Solid Silverware , .
"No mor« 50 r«r c«nt sroflt on goods. *^
Ccme and se* me and save money.
EVATT &. HINKLE
76 Geary Street.
OPEN EVE2JING3.