Continued on Page 2? Coluxan Q.i.
t LONDON.: Dec' 6— The I condition of
Herbert Spencer, \ the famous writer,
who : has-been ; 111 for some : time, was
worsa.to-day. r - - *^ .\^ - ,
Herbert Spencer, Is" Sinking.
GLASGOW, Dec. 6.— Speed trials of
tbe Libertad. which with her sister
*hip. the Constitution, has beenpold to
Great Britain by. the Chilean Govern
ment, have resulted in an average of
2f>.3 knots per.- hour, thus showing that
•he la the fastest battleship. afloat.- :
Libertad the Fastest Battleship.
'-¦ LONDON, V Dec. -'.—The Daily Mail
understands that there Is reason to fear
a recurrence of*/ Emperor William's
throat" trouble , and ; that it may be
many v weeks ore ; the ; Emperor re
gains: the use of * his t voice, : although
the^doctors 'are . agreed that ' the trouble
Is not of - a*> mali*nant character. .
Emperor's Doctors Are Uneasy at the
;.*; Probable Recurrence of Throat
*•"-':: ; . Trouble.
STILL , HAV^E ? FEABS
i -.'?¦>-' ABOUT KAISER'S HEALTH
VENICE, Dec/6— As a_result of the
extremely bad weather,' with a violent
wind ' which has prevailed . for some
days, Venice -was almost entirely under
water for a few hours to-day. At the
piazza of the. Cathedral. .of .'St., 'Marks
the flood rose to a height of four" feet.
while Inside - the cathedral the , water
was so high as .to : threaten serious
damage. Gondolas had to be used from
shop door to shop" door.tuntjl bridges
were improvised by the ; firemen, "the
ordinar>'/ bridges ; having disappeared.
The water gradually '¦¦ subsided.*^- , There
Is. a fear . that unless the weather
changes there, will be another flood dur
ing -the night."- '"'f'^
Heavy Rains Cause Floods and Ob
struct' General Busine ss
of City.
GONDOLAS -- IN ALL
STREETS OF VENICE
VIENNA. Dee. *.— It is believed that
the* struggle asalnst obstruction in tht
Hungarian Parliament has at last been
terminated." '.Count TIsza. the Premier,
announced yesterday that in considera
tion . of the renunciation by the inde
pendence party of Impolicy of obstruc
tion. thV plan to mtld two sittings
dally would riot be. carried Into effect.
Some other concessions were also mads
to .tho opposition. In some quarters It
is feared that Count Tis'ra paid ti;o
high a price for his victory, but never
theless there are many expressions of
satisfaction that otwf of the severest
crises In the Parliament since 1867 has
been brought to a closo.
Hungarian Premier , Grants Conces
sions to Independence Party
and Avoids a Crisis.
COUNT TISZA PLACATES
THE OBSTRUCTIONISTS
Great Central Train; Makes Almost
a Mile a Minute for Over
.' 200 Mfles. -
SpocUl Cablegram to The Call and' Xew Tork
- Hel-ald. Copyright. 15KB. by the Xew York
' ; Herald ; Publishing . Company.
* "LONDON,' Decl 6.*— fThe Times says
that the Great Central Railway ran a
train, on; Friday .from. Marylebone to
Manchester, ? a distance ; of ; 206 . miles,
in;219. minutes. •. Nottingham ,was ;the
first/ stoppingi. place.. The distance
from i Marylebone to ; Nottingham, 126
miles,. was covered- in 123, minutes.
FAST TRAVELING. ON*
; AN? ENGLISH RAILROAD
CINCINNATI, Dec. 6.— President
Moore of the National Republican
Ixasue has requested Scott Bonham.
president of the Ohio State League of
Cincinnati, to visit Washington Decem
ber 11 and 12 to participate In a. con
ference with the National Republican
Committee. Arrangements have also
been made for a talk wjth President
Roosevelt. After these conferences
the national league committee will
meet in Philadelphia for a father con
ference on the Presidential campaign.
President Bcnham says:
"The recent Tammany victory in
New York has. given fresh inspiration
to Republican league workers through
out the States. As a consequence of
that Democratic victory steps have
been taken to reorganize the State
league of New York. The national
league president has also been in con
ference with other States and is pre
paring for tbe reorganization of State
leagues in the South . and Western
States and m New England."
The committee to go to ¦ Washington
vill include, beside President Moore
and Mr. Bonham. Senators Hanna and
Foraker.
Ohio Republicans Are Planning- Con
ference to Consider the Cam
paign Questions.
TAIDCAITT VICTORY
STIMULATES OPPONENTS i
CHICAGO, Dec. 6.— The Western Fruit
Jobbers' Association 'decided yesterday
just before the adjournment of its spe
cial meeting here -to protect, itself
against the wholesalers of Chicago,
Milwaukee, Omaha and Des Moines by
making arrangements to deal' direct
•with the fruit growers of California and
Southern Oregon. To that end Secre
tary A. N. Cheney was authorized to
communicate with the fruit growers of
the Pacific slope In the interests or the
Western Fruit Jobbers'. Association.
C F. Francis of Davenport is presi
dent of the association, and the treas
urer Is H. G. Straight of Omaha.
"We did not come to Chicago to form
a trust, but to get; from under the In
fluence of one." said President Francis.
"There Is to be no merger of our. inter-
csts. I denied... that "In a. New -York
newspaper some time Bgo, r . •
"Our object in" meeting at this time
Is three-fold. In* the. first -place, here
tofore we have not been very well ac
quainted. We : considered it .would be
well for us to organize for -our, own
protection. Then* it was decided we
should get cur fruit direct from .the
growers, if they have not been entirely
eewed up by the big wholesalers of Chi
cago and other '. Western ; metropolitan
cities." sa&gaHBBgKfli
Bpeeial Diipatch to IT. s Call.
Htrtrardson had entered the tower
and attempted to embrace Miss
Houburg. Breaking away from him
she secured her revolver and fired
tour shots at the Intruder. One ehot
took effect, penetrating Howardson'a
chest, and he fell to the floor with a
croan. Then alter deliberately re
lating her experience to the telegraph
•perator at the next station, she
walked a Quarter of a mile, in the
dark to the magistrate's house and
•urrendered. She was released on
her own recognizance.
THACKER, W. Va.. Dec. E. — Alone
In a railway tower here last night,
while performing her duties as tele
fraph operator for the Norfolk and
Western Railroad, Miss Kate Rou
burg, 20 years old, shot and mortally
wounded William Hovrardson, an al
leged outlaw.
Woman and la Silled.
Outlaw Attacks a Lonely Young
GIRL SHOOTS AN INTRUDER.
NEW YORK, i Dec. 6.— With a . $2,
500,000 gift by. Andrew Carnegie. to sup
port it, -an' experiment in sociology i is
about to be tried that will be watched
wi£h the liveliest interest by those .who
believe, or doubt, that it is possible to
build- Utopian cities, or to establish an
AltruriA "> ; ArV
In an official statement Issued to
day,by the American Institute of'So
cial Service there were shown the plans
which* the institute has outlined / for
the, carrying out ot/the^ new -Carnegie
Dunfermline trust. Dunfermline is An
drew Ga r negie's ; native town, to which
he recently -transferred J by trust ( deed
Pittehcrieff ; Park and ' Glen and * $2,
600,000 to be used in making life' more
pleasant for'.the toiling masses; of the
vicinity. ] Professor Patrick Geddis/ the
trust's .representative in j Scotland, ask
ed for trie co-operation of the institute
and a . plan; has . just been formulated.
It goes into minute details and is based
on .personal: studies of Dunfermllne's
needs, made, by Dr. -W. H. Tolman," di
rector, of 1 the; institute, -who made ' a
journey to Scotland for the purpose.
.. "The,! plan . includes," to' quote the
statement, "a regional museum dis
trict for -the i city, a beautiful social
center, -*a department of civics, boys'
and 'girls' flower gardens, a children's
playground and '. outdoor gymnasium,
holiday .tours and historic pilgrimages,
get-together , clubs and a system of
awards and prizes.
"The general outline for the city
beautifully, suggests that somewhere on
the.conflnes of vthe.park land .should
be set aside on which , can*, be built
model dwellings of diversified architec
ture, with diie regard .to , individual
needs. Oxie • such • house is ' to sirye as
a model that others - may. see how best
to combine art and economy, cheapness
and decoration. : Flower, gardens , are' 4
to be about" the houses and ' no ' fences
will be allowed to divide the "yards. '
; ".The social center is to be a large
building for .- common f use as a recrea
tion. ground and hall for., general en
tertainments and as a meeting place;
'."The. details for - the* regional T mti-f
seum : have been given at great length.
In this : museum shall be" collected vari
ous, processes of local industries, -in
order that the individual workman '• may ;
get an idea of how his part is ) related
to the great industry" as a whole. In'
this museum there ; shall be ¦ In terpfeta
tlon by means of photographic models,
charts and diagrams, with explanations
suited to 'the average mind.'} '
Special Dispatch to The ~ Call.
"This act still .further infuriated -the
princessl 'She drew.; from-the^ folds of
het-.S gown i the revolver, and.1 declaring
that | If 2 he 1" ;did s riot f. let I her/ pass ; she
'would ? kill 'hlih.iirtie leveled the .weapon
at ¦ thV'tre'mbline valet.' :Falthful ;to t hls
master^ "th"e * valet stood, H but almost
r readyi!;.to£droD'i^m5.frlghL^£l^en>the
Princess, slender, tall and statuesque,
flred Tat i the? limn. ;C! Utterlri*/a^ yell * ot
t eaurj f the\vaiet Tdaahed i down the ; coiTi-
...The Princess Is,"6r^was, at least, deep
ly^ in ;. love; "with . the .prince;^ and I it is
said that . the news of , his ' faithlessness
provoked a storm of passion terrible to
.witness.^, ' '- ".^. ."..- \.\iv
- 4 / Grasping a revolver of
"small ¦ presented -to^ hereby, her
recreant; husband Jf or .protection J at ! an
hour,,. of / possible^ 'peril.Vf the '-Princess
crept- • along trie "corridors ! , until T; she
reached the "door of : " the ante-chamber
of r ttiel Prince's H apiartffl.ent'iX.^A'Cvalet
stood/ a t the door. 1 .-. He had :. been . told
to guard ; it "with'i his I lif et. C The haughty
yoningr "j Princess 'commanded f him / to
stand ;.' aeide. ; He j refused, '" with /Jhany
apologiesV: ; • The * Princess \ advanced * to
1 pa8s'^\The'^^et { put\up'Ws'"armfacr6ss'
the door., ' ' '".'] ¦] ¦"•'.:.' ¦'¦"¦x ¦. ' :
NEW YROK, -Dec. 7.— A\ cablei'dls
patch to the World from Vienna says:
Prince Otto of Windisch-Graetz, his
youthful and immensely wealthy wife,
Princess Elizabeth^ ' Marie, whom he
married only j a year ago, and a pretty
actress ofjthe opera at Prague are cen
tral figures in an extraordinary scandal
that is at this moment rending a half
dozen European courts.
"The Princess, who is a granddaughter
on her father's side of the Emperor of
Austria, and 'on '.her mother's side of
the King of -the. Belgians, is only 20
years old. The royal personage, who
renounced her, rights to the' throne of
Austria in order ; to marry as her .heart
dictated, has had a' harrow escape from
the stigma of a* murderess, for, she did
nothing less than \ shoot and seriously
.wound an actress with ' whom the
Prince was haying/ a' rendezvous. '
The '•'- remarkable "affair took place in
the of the estate of the Prince's
family , "at \ Prague. ' It came as a shock
to , the, highest circles of Bohemia,
. where 1 1 Aya,s 'supposed that } the 'home
life^bf l]the : young *, couple . was ideal.
NewVof.it has 1 Just reached here/ where
it stirred .the court" and" society, general
ly^ in /Austria? Hungary and the smaller
states .of the - dual " monarchy. It , w^ai
an especially -startling ' piece* of " infor-'
matlon In Brussels^ x the- court 'of * the
King J of .the, Belgians. M ;
,'.: It appears that Prince Otto has-been
secretly paying assiduous :attentlons to
the actress,' a slender, -beautiful ' girl, at
whose feet were half : of • the , gilded
youth' " of Prague. The ' Princess was
blissfully ignorant of the intrigue until
on a certain night she was -inf ormed^
presumably through some 'disappointed
suitor of ' the ! actress," 'that ' the \ Prince
was then entertaining in his apartment
in the palace 5 her lovely.' rival. ' " • ;
FIRES , UPON" ' A -VALET. •
Special Dispatch to The j Call.
CARNEGIE'S
MODEL CITY
IS PLANNED
Elizabeth of Aus
tria Attempts
Murder.
;^ In consideration of her renunciation,
necessary" because^ the " lieutenant,
though' of ancient family; was poor and
without ' royal 'title,, the Emperor gave
to the bride securities valued at $1,600.
000/yearly allowance of $250,000, jewels
worth $I',000,000, A a \ gold dinner service
and several residences.** ¦
*-'The Princess is a 'daughter of the un
fortunate Crown: Prince -Rudolf, whose
tragic ; death stirred ahe whole .world.
The Crown Prince and: Countess Marie
Vetsera • were -"found-, dead ..together at
Hunting \ Lodge,, Meyerlinsr, the suppo
sition being 1 that the Prince had killed
.the . Countess and then committed sui
'cide.^jBEMHHBIiBiBBSBHMIBMiSB
The Prince seized his wife, who would
have made her revenge complete with
another shot had not her intention been
thWarted. The Princess, now overcome
by the enormity ': of her deed, broke
down and was led > weeping from the
apartment. .. . . : •
'± Medical aid was summoned and It
was found that the actress had a se
rious but not necessarily mortal wound.
She was Quickly, removed- to her own
apartments in the city.
Prince Otto is 30 years .old. Before
his marriage to the Archduchess Eliza
beth Marie of Austria he was a simple
lieutenant !ii the First; Regiment - of
Uhlans. He and the Archduchess met
at. a grand ¦ ball here and fell. In _ love.
The Austrian Emperor, whose favorite
granddaughter she was, - opposed- the
match, but the determined. Princess
told him she would either, marry the
man. she loved or retire, to. a 'convent.
The Emoercr. gave way and the mar
riage'was celebrated , in ."magnificent
style * after the Archduchess . had re
nounced-her right of succession to th#
dual throne of Austria and Hungary.
Frenzied by rage and humiliation, the
Princess stood before the guilty pair,
revolver, in hand. The Prince paled as
he realized that a tragedy was contem
plated. He sprang toward his angered
Princess, but as he did so, the latter
cried "Beast!" and shot the actress in
the . breast. The woman uttered a
shriek and fell inanimate to the floor. 1
BULLET FOR THE ACTRESS.
dor, whereupon the Princess, proceeded
to'the Prince's apartment, to which had
not penetrated the. noise of the thrilling
scene in the corridor. •
NAVAJfc r OFFICER:*; WHO IS /,
- PDA XNING ' MARE * ISL AN»-si
TRAINING. SCHOOL. .
WILL DEAL
DIRECT WITH
ORCHARDISTS
CALL BUREAU, STREET,
N. W., WASHINGTON, Dec. 6.—Com
mander Alexander Sharpe of the Bu
reau of Navlgatlon.of the Navy Depart
ment is working out the details of a
planner the establishment of a train
ing school for naval apprentices at the
Mare Island navy-yan?. . CfHcers of
the Marine Corps, declare -that if their
branch of .the national military service
is to adequately, answer the ; demands
made upon > it,' the enlisted personnel
should be Increased by 1000 men and
the compissioned | personnel propor
tionately enlarged. The demands on the
corps have grown much faster than It
has numerically.
•
Special -Dispatch' to The Call.
Naval Men Favor
Establishment
of School.
but he arrived too late to save Mrs.
Ganka's life.
She -died at 5 o'clock this morning,
and soon afterward the body was
wrapped in blankets ; by Ganka. and
taken to the home of Mrs. Woodruff.
Later they went to the theater and
then to the Saratoga Hotel. Mrs. Ganka
left the parlor -which; her husband, had
engaged and went to the ladies' dress
ing-room. Alarmed by her failure to
return, , Ganka went to seek hia wife.
He found her lying on the floor suffer
ing agonies from* the poison which she
had swallowed. A physician was called.
Both went to Ganka's home, at 334
Jackson boulevard, and while he was
changing his clothes It is believed Mrs.
Ganka purchased the poison at a near
by drug store. \
Peculiar circumstances in connection
with the death of the girl prompted the
arrest of Ganka early in the forenoon.
Priticism was aroused by the late noti
fication to the Coroner and the police.
Detectives from the central station ap
prehended Ganka. The disheartened
and frightened young man was. later
released at the instance of Bemis.
Ganka at the time of his marriage
was a shoe clerk in a local department
store. When 13 years oT age Miss Bemis
eloped with Ganka to St. Joseph. Mich.
Ganka himself was only 20 year* old.
and the affair caused a stir among Mrs.
Ganka's relatives and friends.
There is little doubt that the result- '*
ing unhappiness caused the girl to take
the poison which caused her death this
morning. Letters left by, Mrs. Ganka
bear out this theory.
Last July Ganka and his wife sepa
rated, and later Mrs. Ganka filed a bill
for divorce, alleging cruelty. * After a
visit to her grandmother last evening
Mrs. Ganka called her husband from
his place of employment on the pretext
that their baby wasjll. Then she told
him that nothing was the matter with
the baby, but that she had filed suit
for divorce and wanted to know if he
would contest the case. . Ganka said
that he would not. Then he asked his
wife to go to a theater. She agreed.
PREPARES FOR HER DEATH.
HUSBAND IS ARRESTED.
CHICAGO. Dec. 6.— With the shroud
ed, lifeless form of his wife beside him
in a cab, Frederick Ganka. whose
elopement three years ago with Miss
Rose A. Bemis, heiress and niece of
Henry V. Bemis, president of the Be
mis-Richelleu Importing Company and
former proprietor of the Hotel Riche
lieu, stunned West Side society early
this morning as he drove from the
Saratoga Hotel to the .home of Mxs.
Katheryn Woodruff. 41S Washington
boulevard, the grandmother of Mrs.
Ganka.
This was the homecoming of the
beautiful 18-year-old girl, who is be
lieved to have adopted suicide as the
happiest, solution of a shattered ro
mance. Wrapped in blankets and borne
by the young husband and two hotel
employes, the body of the young wom
an was carried from a parlor in . the
Saratoga Hotel to a waiting cab in
Dearborn street. The body of the sui
cide . was placed in the . vehicle in a
sitting posture.. Ganka climbed in after
it, and the weird ride to Washington
boulevard was beffun. On arrival at
the former home of his wife Ganka,
aided by the driver of the cab. carried
the body into the residence of Mrs.
Woodruff.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Rosa Bemis' Sensational
Marriage Has a Tragic
' Finale.
Dying Man Forgives His
Slayer, but She Has
No Regrets.
It was eighteen blocks to the po
lice station and after 2 o'clock In the
morning, but the woman • set out on
foot to march her ex-husband to the
jail. When almost at the end of the
journey he attempted to wrest the
•weapon from her, and she shot him.
The bullet entered his abdomen.
Mrs. Klinkenbiel tenderly assisted
the wounded man to a hotel and sum
moned a physician. She said she was
sorry the shot had not been fatal.
She claims his attentions were an
noying. She swears that on Thurs
day night, shortly after 1 o'clock, he
aroused her and declared he was
starving. She prepared food and
handed it to him through a window.
She claims he then sprang . Into , the
room, and that *he •was forced to
draw the weapon in self -defense. She
did not fire, but informed him that
he was under arrest and a false -move
would result in his death." .
DES MOINES, la., Dec. 6. — George
Elinkenblel died early to-day as
the result of trying to escape from a
determined wife who had placed him
under arrest and was conducting him
to jail at the point of a revolver.
His last words were of forgiveness for
the wife, but she refused to express
regret for her act, and declared she
would hare to do it again under sim
ilar circumstances.
She was divorced from Klinkenbiel
several months ago because of his
drunkenness. He subsequently was
committed to the hospital for - in
ebriates, but instead of remaining to
be cured of the liquor habit' he es
caped and returned to this city. He
at once attempted to effect a recon
ciliation and warmly protested un
dying affection for his ex-wife.
Special Dtapateh to The OU
The 1 citizens of [the .town had jno way.
to ' -'fight \ thetflre. The ; town I was j only
incorporated a few/months agojand as
yet has purchased^ no ; apparatus -for
fighting fire. ¦ The '.} people }. had f a otiose
cart with'.200 feetTof small hose.' Vbluni.
teers manipulated; this, but to • no^ avail:
They carried \ the 4 hose along/the r Odd
Fellows' J Hall > and the walls ¦ fell i in"; op
thejhose'j'rv ''-, "' /¦ /** '." ¦"' , '//•" "'.
• •„< The ;origin ; of : the fire "- is ; a mystery,
, and":- many -believe; that^lt ,,. was incenj
diary ./; When the night gave
the? alarm ; Dr.' » Sloan ; appeared ;>'o"h ' : the
street. -He rushed 'about > the; nelghbor.
hood awakening. people. He then" rushed
¦d63n\thValleyjin-the'_r^/ i 6f^Cerfs']»-'
loon. ; Dr.'" : Sloarif < wa8 on the ¦ run to no
tify !¦ F. E. • Davis/* one ; of .;thel owners . of
/Every local 'lodge: lost by the flre ex
cept the Masons. The Odd Fellows'
Hall was /rented, to the various organi
zations for \ purposes. All of
their" records' and? paraphernalia were
destroyed. Several . poles belonging • to
the Santa 5 Paulas Electric : Light Com
pany were > burned. There has ; been no
telephone ¦¦ service in Santa, Paula '.to-;
day/, County Manager ' Browne fiad sev
eral linemen K repairing the " damage.
Lineman Ware was accompanied by
his brtde.Cwho assisted in the work.
- "WALLS FALL ON" HOSE.
. Flying cinders set flre to the City
Hall, on the opposite side of thestreet.
This building was owned and was for
merly occupied by the. Santa Paula Na
tional Bank. City Marshal A. J. Baker
opened, the vault and removed some of
the city records. He did not close the
vault door, and many papers were de
stroyed. A large hay barn adjoining
the Clfy Hall containing fifty tons. of
hay .was burned. Dr. Hutchlnson's res^ ;
idence,' located within thirty feet of the
barn; was badly scorched. The bucket
brigade saved this building and- the
Crowley residence from destruction. '.In
doing so several men were singed about
the hands and facei. The doors and.wlrif*
dows of Atmore's blacksmith shop "were
burned off. - Harry Sexton, the village
butcher, lost* his lard and sausage
sheds and , kettles. / Several side rooms
in the 'upper • story .of; the Goldstohe
brick block caught '-. fire and were, par-;
tially :' burned. \ v The wind blew large
cinders as as the Blanchard
orange and lemon packing-houses.^
These houses Jare''a\ mile' west of town.
The . Youngling barn, one-half mile
west, took fire twice and the roof was
charred. Vj
>\ The office of Justice of the Peace J.
B. r . Titus was soon ablaze and then Odd
Fellows' Hall took flre. These frame
buildings were consumed within a very
few minutes. Two hours after the_ fire
was ¦•.discovered • the .destruction ¦ was
complete;/ The large Petrolla Hotel was
burned < ttt twenty minuses.* ,The S>M% ts
of : the'hotel | were barelyVable'to "escape
with 1 theliv clothes on. , J. G." Woolley, a
department*' store /merchant of Lafay
ette;' Ihd.'f .was carried out^'oh | a- mat-'
tress. ' He is aii^ invalid - who had ; just
arrived in Santa' Paula. His family es
caped - with '.-'"difficulty. The waitresses
and servants were the last ones out,
and they did not stop for complete at
tire.' Mrs.<C. P. Russell, whose hus
band managed the hotel, rushed out of
the building in her night dress. <
C' E. King had $5000 worth of surplus
furniture ! stored in the Odd Fellows'
building which was all lost. Of the Mc-
Mllllan livery stable the brlck'walls re
main. The building was completely
gutted. McMHlian saved nothing but
his horses. The boarding and lodging
house of Mrs. L. S. Kiser was burned
to "the ground. The lodgers did not
have time to save anything except a
few personal belongings. The Mrs. C.
N. Baker "House; occupied by Mrs. Car
ter, a' dressmaker, was destroyed.
- - CITY HALL IN FLAMES.
VENTURA. Dec. 6.— The .principal
part of the business section of Santa
Paula was destroyed by fire early this
morning. It is estimated that' the loss
will be fully $75,000, with less than $25,
000 insurance. Nine large buildings and
their contents were destroyed and
many- other buildings .were damaged.
Men and women rushed from the flam
ing structures and it is a marvel that
the conflagration was not attended by
appalling fatalities.
Night .Watchman Sawyer discovered
the flre about 3 o'clock. It started . in
the rear of T. L. Cerf's saloon, which
occupied ,the Hobson \ frame ' building.
Sawyer gave the alarm by firing his
revolver. - Then the church bell was
rung. There was a terrific southeast
wind blowing andit fanned the flames,
which spread to the west. : .
INVALID NARROWLY ESCAPES.
Special Dispatch to. The Call.
Cab Conveys Lifeless
Girl Back to Her
\ , Eelatives.
Newly, Incorporated Town
Suffers Loss of Many
Documents.
Fires When He Offers
Battle on Way to
Prison.
Hotel Guests Escape
in Scant Raiment
at Night
Pathetic Sequel to
an Elopement
in Chicago. -
Kills Ex-Husband
for Resisting
Arrest.
POISON ENOS
ROMANCE OF
AN HEIRESS
Fire Makes Ruin
of Santa |Paula
xiouses.
WOMEN RUN
FROM PERIL
OF FLAMES
WOMAN ACTS
IN ROLE OF
POLICEMAN
TRAINING STATION
FOR MARE ISLAMD
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO; .MONDAY; DECEMBER 7,^ 1903.'
VOLUME XCV— XO. 7.
. ' THE THEATEES.
Alcaxai — "A Xoyal Prisoner."
AlhaEjbra — . EUery'8 Italian
Bjrud. v
.California — "Ton Yonson."
.Central — "Hew -; Tork . Day . by
JDay." "»
Colombia— "Way Sown SkiV*
PIse&er's — "I. O. V."
Grand— 'Tor Mother's Sake. 1 *
Orphenm — Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Vaudeville.
Forecast mad* at San rraa
dico for thirty hours ending
midaicbt, December 7:
San rrtmcisco and vicinity—
ralr Monday; Ught northerly
wind. o. jr. wxusozr.
Local rorecaiter.
TSS WSATKSB.
PRINCESS SHOOTS ACTRESS
IM HER HUSBAND'S PALACE
The San Francisco Call
PRINCESS ELIZABETH MARIE.
WHO IS CENTRAL FIGURE IN
A SENSATIONAL EPISODE. '
Faithless Prince's
Tryst Ends in
Bloodshed.Prefers Death to Life in Prison.
THOMASTON. Me.. Dec 6. — After
reading a letter from his attorney, tell
ing him that there was no hope of a
pardon. Charles Morgan' Wallace, a
life convict in the State prison, to-day
killed himself by taking morphine. In
3SS5 Wallace, who was a prominent
Grand Army man, was convicted of
having killed Deputy Sheriff Bowman
for an alleged insult offered Mrs. Wal
lace.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Or., -Dec 6.— Although
Asa Thomson, Receiver^ of .the Land
Office at La Grande, was acquitted by
the Jury, of the charge of soliciting
bribes, the Government is by no means
through with the case. In the at
tempt to' convict* Thomson- t£e pros
ecution called many witnesses who tes
tified incidentally that they had made
false affidavits in proving up home
stead claims. So frequent and fla
grant was this testimony that . the
court protested informally aY having to
listen to it.
It now develops that special agents
of the Government' were carefully not
ing the evidence and an intimation
of their intention to prosecute the per
jurers and recover the land having
leaked out, the witnesses, are disap
pearing from public view with much
rapidity. Dallas O'Hara. Glen Sallng
and' Ray Burn, three of the offenders,
cannot now be found. Glen Sallng ad
mitted on the -witness stand that he
had sworn to an affidavit claiming that
he had lived for fourteen months on
his claim. 'Then he told the court that
he had never seen the property that
he filed upon. He did not know where
it was and as he expressed it, "It may
be a pile of rocks for all I know."
' ; It ia understood that a complete in
vestigation is to be made relative to
methods pursued by Eastern Oregon
people in. taking up public lands. From
the facts that were brought out during
the Thomson trial, the impression has
gone forth that no small amount of
land has been acquired through means
similar to those shown to have been
employed in this instance. It is inti
mated that the dragnet of Justice will
be thrown around persons more prom
inent than the witnesses in the recent
case. ' • .
WOMEN RUN FROM PERIL OF FLAMES
Continued from Page 1, Column 4.
BUTLER, Pa., Dec. 6. — About twenty
new. cases of typhoid fever and one
death from the disease were reported
to-day. Among the new cases is that
of a physician, who came from another
city to aid. He is the sixth physician
to be stricken. The total number of
cases to date is 1186 and the total
deaths resulting from typhoid thirty
three.
Typhoid. Increasing: in Sutler.
California calendars, poppy, ppinsettia,
redwood. : burnt wood, yucca, etc., now on
sale. Sanborn, Vail & Co. •¦¦
SHERIFF AND JAILER OUSTED.
Military., Enforces Drastic Measures
in Strike District. ¦,
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., Dec. 6.—
James Gaughan, under Sheriff, whose
action in releasing an imprisoned strik
er against whom an Information charg
lngassault was to be filed was the Im
mediate cause of sending troops to the
district, has been removed from office
by the military. Gaughan was at one
time a representative in the State Leg
islature from this county.. The county
Jailer also was removed. : .*
Adjutant General Bell, who has ar
rived here, has Issued a statement de
fining, martial law and it will be en
forced. He 'defined military necessity, 1
insurrectfon_and treason.' Of : the_latter
he "says :~ ''Armed or unarmed resistance
by citizens' of the United States against
/the lawful movement, of the militia is
'.treason and the- punishment is death.'"
Under | the head /of "Military Neces
sity," General Bell says: "Military ne
cessity permits of all destruction of life
or limb; of armed enemies or other per
sons ; whose destruction is incidentally
unavoidable. It" does not admit of cru-,
elty. ¦* It admits 'of deception, but dis
claims acts of perfidy. It is not carried
on by arms alone." ** •— " '•'
¦• * ¦ r .'. ... >
the Petrolla Hotel. He met a man
walking leisurely away from the fire.
Early Saturday evening some Mexicans
stirred up a small riot In front of the
Cerf saloon. Several shots were ex
changed. Some believe that the Mexi
cans had something to do with the fire.
The estimated losses are as follows:
,. Hobson frame .building, occupied by
Cerf s'saloorir $2501, contents $3000, small
insurance ; J. B^JTituSj £ frame office
building Sand' contents,' $2000, insurance
$1000; I. 6. O. F. Hall, frame,' $5000, in
surance $2000, lodgeroom contents $3000,
no insurance; C. E3. King's furniture,
on ground floor, $5000, insurance $800;
Hotel. Petrolia, frame structure, $25,000,
insurance $7500; McMillian & Son, brick
livery stable, with contents, $6000, rn
surance $2000; Mrs. L. S. KIser. frame
lodging-house, with contents, $5000, in
surance $1500; Mrs. C. N. Baker, house
and contents, $1500; . City Hall $2000,
small insurance; McMillian barn and
hay, $1500; the Sunset Telephone Com
pany's loss' will be $500, the electric
light company's $100*0.
LOS ANGELES, Dec 6. — The Los
Angeles Pacific Coast League cham
pions defeated a picked nine to-day
made up of ballplayers wintering here
by the score of 6 to 3. The batteries
were: Los Angeles — Newton, Hall and
Spies; picked. nime — Jones and Hurl
burt. Umpire, Corbett
The Peking correspondent of the
Morning Post rays: "It is possible
that' the treaty between the United
States and China for the opening of
Moukden and Antung will be ratified
immediately, but I have good reason to
believe that the benefits of the treaty
to foreign trade will be nullified by
Russian influence."
The Dally Mail's correspondent In
Tokio says that, according to a dis
patch from Peking, the Chinese Gov
ernment contemplates the raising of an
army of 100,000 men to protect the
province of Chili In the event of hos
tilities. The Peking dispatch further
states that Hoo Wei Teh, the Chinese
Minister in St. Petersburg, has tele
graphed to Peking that Russia is dis
posed to pursue a peaceful policy.
The Daily Mail's Tientsin correspond
ent fays that 1000 Russians expelled
the Chinese officials from the treasury
at Moukden and installed themselves
in their places.
The Dally Mall this morning prints a
dispatch from Hakodate which says
that the Russian Minister to Japan,
Baron de Rosen, demanded the instant
release of the Russian steamer Pro
gress, seized by the Japanese authori
ties peziding a decision .of the courts
on the claim of the Japanese Steamship
Company for $75,000 damages against
the Progress for 6inking the Japanese
eteamer Takla Maru in collision on Oc
tober 29. The Russian court exoner
ated the Progress. The Russians claim
that the Japanese courts have no Juris
diction in the case, as the collision oc
curred on the high seas, and threaten
to enter action against the Japanese
Steamship Company and to seize the
company's mail steamer at Vladivo
stok.
TOKIO, Dec 6.— Prince Tokugawa
has b«en elected president of the House
of Peers. The progressive leader, Ko
noe, has been chosen president of the
House of Representatives.
LONDON. Dec, 7. — The Times* Toklo
correspondent says that, although the
Sei Kui Kay and progressive parties
have definitely agreed to attack the
foreign and financial policy of the Cab
inet, the attack is not likely to be ef
fective when confronted by the firm re
solve of the Ministry not to alter its
policy and also because the parties hold
different views.
Comparing this statement with that
for September 15, 1902, Jt is* observed
that there has been an increase in
number of reporting associations of
441 and a net' Increase of $196,501,053 87
In aggregate resources.
, The specie holdings with the' banks
on ' September 9, 1903, amounted to
$397,556,168, and the deposit liabilities
amounted to $3,863,512,112, on which.le
gal reserve was held of $850,762,184, or
22.02 per cent. The loans and discounts
of national banks reached . their maxi
mum in the history of the, system on
September 9, 1903, when they aggrega
ted $3,481,446,772
Accompanying the Comptroller's re
port is a table giving a detailed state
ment of the resources and liabilities of
all the national banks of the United
•States, as shown by the 'five reports of
condition made in response to the call
of the Comptroller. * > ..
During the past year, or more our
banks have successfully stood the very
severe strain due to a great decline in
the market prices of all classes of se
curities and the natural reaction fol
lowing a period of great business ac
tivity and very general speculation, not
only In stocks and securities, but in
many commodities and products. There
have been, considering all the circum
stances, fewer bank failures .. than
might have been expected. Those
which have occurred have been due to
special or local causes or gross mis
management- and in some case most
flagrant dishonesty on the part of the
bank officials. As a rule the reports of
the bank examiners show the national
banks to own very few stocks and al
most none of a very speculative char
acter. The bank reports show total
loans by all the banks of $1,372,697,751
on collateral security. These loans are
mostly on good classes of stocks and
.bonds well margined, and as far as
they are concerned there is less cause
for concern than there has been at any
time for several years. The loans are
readjusted on a lower basis of prices
than before and are as a whole as am
ply or more amply margined than they
were on the higher prices. It is due to
the banks to say that the way they
have handled their business and met
this decline is an evidence of strength
and careful management.
That there has not been more
trouble with the banks and disturb
ance of business generally during- this
period of declining prices Is also a
great evidence of the confidence of our
people In all our money and currency.
If there had been- the slightest doubt as
to our monetary standard or as to any
of our currency in circulation we' might
have had a most severe and far-reach
ing crisis. That we have not only es
caped this, but that there has not been
greater disturbance of general business,
shows what progress and improve
ments there have been in all our bank
ing, financial and monetary affairs
since they were last subjected to se
rious strain of this kind.
In the Comptroller's report for 1902
a recommendation was made that the
national banks be allowed to issue a
portion of their notes uncovered by
the deposit of bonds. This seems the
most simple and practical, as well as
the safest way, to introduce some
elasticity into our bank note circula
tion and the same recommendation is
renewed.
This still further emphasizes the one
serious defect in our system that the
variation in the volume of our cur
rency, instead of responding to the de
mand for currency, depends on the
market price of bonds. Until our. bank
note circulation is made automatically
to respond to the demand for currency
for daily cash transactions, without
reference to the price of bonds, it will
never be entirely satisfactory or ef
ficient.
The most notable fact in regard to
the national bank circulation is the
great increase in Its volume, which
reached $421,222,489 on September 5.
1903, the largest amount which has
ever been in circulation. It is 55.43
per cent of the maximum possible cir
culation, which is higher than this
percentage has been since 1886. -This
increase in the volume of circulation
has been largely due to special efforts
on the part of the Treasury Depart
ment. It has been feared during the
past few months that when the de
mand came for currency to move the
crops this year it might produce more
than the usual disturbance In the
money market. That this demand has
been met with less disturbance and less
advance in rates of interest than for
several years past is doubtless due
largely, among other causes, to this
increase in bank note circulation.
It is further of interest to note that
Just as the circulation was reaching
its "maximum" and the "demand for
bonds had advanced their price, the
deposit of lawful money to retire cir
culation, which for some months has
been light, suddenly increased, and
during the latter half of September
applications were received taking ' up
the maximum of $3,000,000 per month
for the months of September, October,
November and December.
The national bank act does not suf
ficiently protect the rights of minority
stockholders on the question of exten
sion of expiring charters, as explained
in detail in the report for 1902, and
the Comptroller urges that action be
taken on this important matter for the
better protection of minority or dis
senting shareholders.
, WASHINGTON. Dec. 6. — In his an
nual report, prepared for transmission
to Congress, William B.- Ridgeley,
Comptroller of the j Currency, again
renews the , recommendations con
tained in his report for 1902 for legis
lation in regard to liquidation and con
solidation of national banks and exten
sion of corporate existence. The nec
essary method of effecting a consoli
dation under the law as it now exists
Is inconvenient and cumbersome, and
in the interest of better and more ef
ficient administration recommends
such an amendment of the law as was
advised in his last report.
a better conception of the position of
the other. MitchelL refused to discuss
the conference other, than to. say ,that
his talk was very pleasant. After the
conference Mitchell left for, Chicago to
attend a conference there In the interest
of the Illinois/Sniners. As to his return
to Colorado, he Js-undecided. • . / •<*.,
] Speaking of his talk with Mitchell,
Governor Peabody said to-night: ',.
• "The /conference, was, very pleasant,
although productive of no • result 5 At
its conclusion President Mitchell stated
that, so f ar -as he can see, there is no
immediate probability of a settlement
pf.the strike." .-
The Governor added that when he
asked; Mitchell if he had"* any: sugges
tion to make, the Jatter said he believed
if a committee of the miners could meet
with the operators and, talk over". the
situation, . a settlement might be 'ef
fected. - ¦ . < .-.-
Mitchell informed the Governor that
the strike will continue, to the bitter
end and the Governor Just as positively
informed the strike leader that he will
tolerate no violence, but will order out
the troops at the first ' provocation.
While the conference came to naught,
both Governor Peabody and President
Mitchell expressed themselvs as pleased
with the interview, each saying he had
. DENVER, Colo., Dec. 6. — President
John Mitchell of the United Mine Work
ers of America and Governor Peabody
had a conference lasting three-quarters
of an hour to-day and to-night the
settlement of the strike is as far dis
tant as ever. '
Recommends Greater Lati
tude on Issue of Na
tional Notes.
Concerted Attack Will Be
Made Upon Policy of
Ministry.
Both Agree That Colorado
Strike Is Far From
Settlement. •>
Secret Investigation May De
velop Some New Sen
sations.
"* VICTORIA, B. C, Dec. 6.— An at
tempt was made at hlgh ; .tide:to .float
the stranded cruiser -Flora, <imt>thY
wreckers were unable to move her.
The afterpart of the warship had been
buoyed up by means of scows and pon
toons-chained together, after being
freed* of water with large, pumps arid
with anchors thrown out 'astern fand
with the Graf ton and Egeria' tug Olng
her, the naval men endeavored to move
the vessel, but she would not, budge,
and still lies fast In a natural cradle of
rock listed over a trifle more to star
board I than' she was before. Another
attempt will be made^at high tide to
morrow.
Effort to Drag the Stranded British
Warship Seaward a
Failure. ¦ . V .
Of equal importance with the general
staff act in its relation to the general
military efficiency of the country is the
act to promote the efficiency of the
militia, approved January 21, 1903, sup
plemented by an appropriation of $2,
000,000 In the army appropriation act of
March 2, 1903. Congress declared the
National Guard organizations to, be the
organized militia, and provided for call
ing them Into the service of the United
States whenever required for the'eon
stitutional purposes of repelling inva
sion, suppressing insurrection and ex
ecuting the laws of the Union.
The act provides that the organiza
tion, armament and discipline of the
organized militia shall be the same as
that prescribed for the regular army.
It authorizes- participation by the or
ganized militia in Joint maneuvers, with
the regular army, and provid.es that in
such case the organized militia so par
ticipating shall receive the same pay,
subsistence and transportation as Is
provided by . law for the officers a,nd
men of the regular army, to be paid out
of the regular appropriations for the
supporf of the army. It provides for
furnishing aid , to separate State en T
campments of the militia by allowing
out of an annual appropriation of $1,-
OffO.000 for militia purposes to the of
ficers and enlisted' men engaged In such
CRUISER FLORA HOLDS
FAST, TO THE BOOKS
The general* plan contemplates that
every subject requiring Investigation
and study shall be worked out first by
the officers assigned to the appropriate
division and section of the staff, and,
when of sufficient importance, shall
then be considered by a genoral staff
council composed of the three general
officers of the corps and the heads of
the three divisions, and shall then be
acted upon by the chief or staff, or
laid before the Secretary of War by
him with his recommendation. It Is
gratifying to report that the new sys
tem of control has been accompanied
by most harmonious* effort, and 'cheer
ful good will on the part Of the mem
bers of the general staff, the chiefs of
all the War Department bureaus, and
the officers of the army at large.
Following the same line of policy
which led to the organization of the
general staff, the Secretaries of War
and the Navy entered into an arrange
ment, with the approval of the Presi
dent, for a joint Army and Navy Board.
The common understanding ond mu
tual assistance between tho two ser
vices, which ft Is within the power of
this board to bring about, may be made
to cover a wide range of subiects of
great public importance.
TO IMPROVE THE MILITIA.
There were also in the service 26 of
ficers and 520 enlisted men of the Porto
•Rico Regiment, 99 .officers and 4805 en
listed Philippine scouts and 2807 hos
pital corps men.
These figures show a total net de
crease during the year of 11,978. ,
CREATION OF GENERAL STAFF.
The Important military, event of the
year affecting the regular army has
been the reorganization of the system
of military control" under the general
staff act approved February 14, 1903.
This act abolished . the separate office
of general commanding the army, pro
vided for a military chief of 3taff to the
President, who, acting under Ihe di
rections of the President, or of the Sec
retary of "War representing him, should
have supervision not only or all troops
of the line, but of the special staff and
supply departments which had there
tofore reported directly to the Secretary
of War; and it created for the assist
ance of the chief pt staff a corps of
forty-four officers, who were relieved
from all other duties.
United States— Of nr;er«, 2764; enlisted men,
30.068; total. 41,632. ,
Philippine Islands— Officers, 843; enlisted
men, 14,607; total. 18.510.
Cuba— Officer*. 24; enlisted men, 695; total.
719
Porto Rico— Officers. 8: enlisted men. 204;
total, 212.
Hawaiian I«!anda-$3f fleers, 9; enlisted men,
188: total. 197. '. ' ¦ " " . ,
China— Officer*. 4; enlisted men. 147; total,
151.
Alaska— Officer*, 29; enlisted men. 531; to
tal. 560.
The distribution among tha different
branches of the service was as follows:
General Officers and Staff Organizations-
Officers. SSO; enlisted men. 2968; total, 3848.
Cavalry— Officers, 731; enlisted men, 11,446;
total. 12.170.
Artillery- Corps— Officers, 631; enlisted men,
15.830; total. 16.470.
Infantry — Officers, 14S9; enlisted men. 23,llo;
total. 24.554.
Recruits and Miscellaneous Detachments —
Knllrted men, 2130.
CALI/ BUREAU, 1406 G j STREET,
N. W., WASHINGTON, Dec. 6. — The
annual report of Secretary of War
Root, Just made public, shows that on
October 15, 1903, the actual strength of
the regular arrriy was 3081 officers and
55.500 enlisted men, distributed as fol
lows :
On the 15th of /October, 1903, the
American troops in the Philippines con
sisted of 843 officers^ and 14,667. enlisted
men. General G<orge *\V. Davis, the
division commander until the 25th *of
July, has reported that the number can
be still further reduced, and Secretary
Root agrees with that opinion. - It is
not desirable,- however, to '. make any
further reduction until the construction
of barracks and quarters in the United
States has made further progress.
There are also ninety-nine officers and
4805 enlisted men of the Philippine
scouts. There is not at present much
occasion for the use of American troops
outside of the Moro country, but the
moral effect of their presence Is un
doubtedly salutary.
The census of the Philippine Islands,
taken by General Sanger, gives the civ
ilized people of the entire archipelago
as 6,975,000, and the wild tribes 615,000;
total, 7,590,000. .'
TROOPS IN THE? PHILIPPINES.
encampments the same pay, subsistence
and transportation or travel allow
ances as are made for similar purposes
to officers and enlisted men of ihe reg
ular army. It provides for detailing of
ficers of the army j to attend encamp
ments upon request of the Governors,
of the States to give | Instruction and
information, ft% and for detailing
to reDort to the Governors for duty
generally in connection with the mili
tia. -'.-¦¦:.¦
STRENTH OF STATE TROOPS.
The total ; strength of the organized
militia by States is as follows:
Alabama :.. 3,318 Montana t. 638
Arizona.. 5h2 Nebraska ..:.... 1,588
Arkansas 1,731 Nevada '. ..."'140
California rf,4S0New Hampshire. .'1,319
Colorado ... . l.Obli New Jersey 4,051
Connecticut . .'. '. . 2 572 New Mexico....: 371
Delaware ....... 380 New York .13,869
Dist, of Columbia 1,294 North. Carolina 1,850
Florida 1,291 North Dakota... . 8(Xi
Georgia 4,(584 Ohio ., . . 5,677
Hawaii ..... .'. . . 57JI Oklahoma 874
Idaho ..... ... ... 44'J Oregon 1,262
Illinois ....".. 6,e«0 Pennsylvania . •.. 9.068
Indiana 2.234 Rhode Island.... 1,025
Iowa ...... ...v.. 2,864 South Carolina... 3,692
Knncas 1,320 South Dakota.. .. 1,3^5
Kentucky .......' 1.2«l"TennesSeo ...... 1,915
Louisiana 1,408 Texas 3,2fi»5
Maine ........./ 1,158 Utah 376
Maryland 2,000 Vermont '. .. 701
Massachusetts ... 5,739 Virginia ..... 2,271
Michigan 3.031 Washington ....'. 822
Minnesota .:..'.. 2.020 West Virginia. ... 1,140
Mississippi ...... 1,140 Wisconsin 2,857
Missouri 3,078 Wyoming .". % 360
ALASKAN TELEGRAPH LINES.
Concerning Alaskan telegraph lines
the report says: : - -,
The Signal Corps has continued the. Work of
telgraphlc construction in Alaska with its
customary energy. The system provided for
by the act of Congress of May 26. 1000, has
now been completed. It consists of 1T40 miles
of telegraph line; of which 1486 are land and
254 ccble lines. It connects Fort St. Michael,
ond the south shore of Norton Sound with
Fort Davis mid Nome City on the north shore,
and running easterly from St. Michael to. the.
valley of the Yukon, passes up that Val
ley to . Fort Gibbon and . Rampftst, and
from Fort Gibbon passes up the valleys of
the Tanana ond Goodpasture rivers to Fort Eg- ;
bert and Eagle City; thence running southerly
across the" divide r between the Tanana
and the, Copper River. It runs' through
the Coupe r. River country to Valdez on
Prince William* Sound. A separate cable of
120 mll^JR connects Hkas-vvay at the head of
Lynn Canal with Halnes Mission and Juneau.
Under the' appropriation of March 2, , 1903,
for the construction and maintenance of a sub
marine cable for connecting the headquarters
Department of the Columbia with military
garrisons in Southeastern Alaska, the entire
Cable of about 1300 miles in length has been
manufactured in the United States and deliv
ered on the Pacific Coast. Two hundred and
ninety-two miles, 'connecting .Tunoau with
Sltka, have been laid and are In operation.
The remainder of th« cable, sufficient to cover
the distance between Seattle and Sltka, esti
mated at 070 miles, is at Seattle ready to be
laid as soon as conditions of navigation permit.
As the cable was manufactured on the Atlan
tic Coast and its great weight practically pro
hibited transporation by rail, it was necessary
to aend it around Cape Horn. Only an un
fortunate delay in ' the commercial steamer
carrying part of the shipment prevented the
completion of the undertaking before the win
ter storms Interrupted the work.
With the completion of this work next
epring we shall have two separate , telegraph
systems, one In Northwestern Alaska of about
10i»0 miles, and the other a cable system of
about 1400 miles, connecting all Important
points in Southeastern Alaska with the tele-'
graph system of the United States. | There
will romain a break between the, two systems
of about BC5 mile*, which should be closed, by'
a cable from Sitka to 'Valdez; ' ." * '. • , ¦
Comptroller Says Better
: Safeguards Are
Necessary.
Nothing Accomplished
by Interview With
¦¦• ¦¦ - - -^ - . . • -
Governor.
government Still Busy
With Oregon Land
'Frauds.
Leader of Progressives
Is Elected to the
Presidency.
Secretary of War Root s Report to Con
gress Details the Vast Improvements
Made During .the Past Twelve Months
WAR PARTY WINS
JAPANESE HOUSE
WOULD AMEND
THE BANK LAWS
MITCHELL'S VISIT
HAS NO EFFECT
AGENTS SEARCH
FOR PERJURERS
AMERICAN ARMY ESTABLISHMENT
IS GIVEN GREATER EFFICIENCY
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL; /MONDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1903.
Take Laxative Dromo Quinine . Tablets.- All
druggists-refund'the-meney It it fall* to -cure-.
E. W.' Grove's signature Is • on eftca' box, 25c •
To Cure a Gold in One Day.
SAN: BERNARDINO, Dec. .6.— After
being out all night, the Jury which
heard the testimony in the case of
Prank Darden, charged with murder
for killing Gil Moran In this city -last
May,',. reported to the court that ; they
could '.not agree, and were, discharged.
It Is learned the Jury stood eleven for
acquittal and one ; for conviction. Dar
den.iWho is a 1 vaudeville actor andiwas
employed" during the . street k fair ,1 last
spring," shot Moran ! when attacked by
him.' ': ]'
Jury Spends Night Fruitlessly.
2
DOAITS KIDNEY PILLS.
A CITIZEN DISCUSSES
A Vital Question Fraught With Interest
to San Francisco People.
When a citizen right here at home
makes a public statement like the fol-
lowing all room for doubt disappears
and the most skeptical doubter must be
convinced. It's pretty hard for our read-
era to prove a statement made by a
stranger living in some far-away point
of the Union, but the Indorsement of
neighbors, friends and citizens . is the
best of proof; no better evidence. can be
had.
J. A. Kell, retired, of 605 Broadway,
¦ays: "For a year or more my back was
weak and ached continually, not severely
enough to lay me up. but It certainly was
very disagreeable. I knew the cause of
my trouble from the action and condition
of the kidney secretions, but what to do ,
to stop it was a mystery. I came to Cal-
ifornia in 1S53; the greater part of my
life has been spent In mining, an occu-
pation decidedly hard on the constitu-
tion, and when attacks of kidney com-
plaint affect a man it Is more difficult
than ordinary to remove. Doan's Kidney
Pills certainly stopped my backache. It
is now some seven or eight months since
I stopped the treatment, and at the pres-
ent time I have not a sign of anything
wrong with my kidneys."
For sale by all dealers. Price 60c
Foster-^Iilburn Co.. Buffalo. N. Y., sole
agents 'for the United States.
Remember the name, Doan's, aad take
so substitute.
Gifts m
|V f EYE CLASSES if\
l^j OPERA CLASSES LJ
ry kodaks T\
I x / And Other Useful Articles.
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S orcat j
{HUSEUH OF ANATOMY?
\ Zf «, T *t La»«»A«atc«ical Mnma ia tbe \
0 b4b% World. Wwt.ni, ,, M . contracted A
is S3 St i'"*** *••"••••» «-»r.*l t> y the olden f
6 WM\ CR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN 4
1 I v3«5?B CotmiltttJoe fre. and rtrictiy printe. \
\|y 91 ***nn On ia mty cau undertake*. T
arB 110 Write for Bo.k. VSULOROf nir »T A
¥ ¦ I I 1 ! HanBUcr. Mailed fku, (if
A a a- •»«»•*>»« »••*»•» »»a) \
V DB. WBDAS * CO.. I0S1 Market St.. 8. F. 9
0-<^^^^^»v%^^^sv <^^»v <^»^ t^^6
BADWAY'S READ V RELIEF baa stood
tr.rivaled before tbe public for. SO years as a
tain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
lures ail Colds, Bore Throats,- Influenza, Broa- '
ftiliis, Pr.rumor.Sa. Rheumatism, Neuralgia,
fceadacse. Toothache and all pain. Internally <
tr &l&larla aaa aU Bowel Pains. AU dru?slfets.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Skin Diseases
Eczema, • Salt Rheum. Pimples,
Ringworm r Itch, Ivy Poison, Acne
or other skin troubles, caa be
] promptly cured by
Hydrozone is endorsed by leading
physicians. It is absolutely harm-
less, yet most powerful healing
agent Hydrozone destroys para-
sites which cause these diseases.
Take no substitute and see that
every bottle bears my signature.
Trla.1 Sis*. 25 Cents.
At Drugzlsts or t,y mall, from
\mcBt »fai.«« M , ,ent free.
oj Monday and Tuesday. \j/}
2 Sheep oc P K
ft Skins n
A Regular 50c and 60c jNl
0 Pyrography «, 90 H
4 Outfits —0
J Regular Price $2.50 yl
4 GALLAGHER BROS. K
87 OBAirr atz}. lrj
BJLERS
Guaranteed Pure*
None So Good*
I Sold Ctfrptofom
HILBERT MERCANTILE CO..
Pacific Cout Attnta. ,
®Vim, Vigor. Vitality for Afov.
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have bean In use over titty
years by the leaders of thm
Mormon Church and Ukeir
followers. Positively rare ta«
wortt rases In old and young
arlslu.; from effects of sei;.
abur?. dissipation, excesses cr
cigarette smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood, Impoteacy. Loat
Power. Night Losses,. Ir.eom-
nia. Pains !n Back. Evil Desires. Lama Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltnesa to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, rmm Vaxlcocelv or Con-
stipation, Stop Ner »5 CJ »<>«¦ Twitching of
Eyelids. Kffects awJ^Jz^ Immediate. Impart
*1*or and potency*** 1 " *»to every function.
Don't get despondent, a curs Is at band. R«.
•tore small, undeveloped orjans. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; 8 tor
$2 50 by mall. A written guarantee to cur* or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars tra*.
Address BISHOP REMKDY CO.. 40 Ellis St..
Ean Francisco. Cai. GRANT DRUG CO.. 23
and 40 Third at.
DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
_ MEDICAL :±j-r .,
FOR THE
BLOOD.LIVER.LUNGS^
UNITED STATES BRANCH. .
s i
STATEMENT
OF Vim
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
HAMBURG BREMEN
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
07 HAMBURG. In the Empire of Germany,
on tha 31st day of December, A. D. 1300.
and for the year ending on that day. as made
to the Insurance Commissioner of tha State at
California. Dursuant to the provisions cf i«e-
tions 610 and 611 of the Political Code, eon-
densed as per blank furnished by tbe Com-
missioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonda owned by Company.. $1,439,078 09
Amount of Loans secured by pledg*
of Bocds. Stock* and other mar* ¦ •
ketable securities as collateral.. '44 000 00
Cash In Banka .-- 03.303 U
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tlon 149.001 TO
Total Assets .I1.7S3.S83 90
i
LIABILITIES. .
Losses adjusted and unpaid 13,173 00
Loeses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 89.8*:) 00
Lossee resisted. Including expenses 12.150 0O
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- • - -. ..-¦ . ¦
nlng one year or lees. $1,202.-
257 01; reinsurance 60 per cent.. 601429 fll
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,128,.
809 87; reinsurance pro rata.... 000,627 09
Commissions and Brokerage due
and to become due 43.213 44
'.Total LtabOltlea ....Jl.339.63-t 84
INCOME. ===s=
Ket cash actually received for *
Fire premiums $l,S31,88a 41
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stock*, Loans, and
from all other sources 52.143 73
Total Income 111.604.037 13
¦-a
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including 170,328 39, losses of I
previous riare) 888.731 40
Paid or allWed for Commission or, -
Brokerage I ••• 233,213 C3
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for of fleers, clerks, etc.. 122,818 13
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes '. •-• 80,4212a
All other payments and expendi-
tures •• 04
Total Expenditures .11.443.683 91
>•.'¦- ' - • - Fire.
Loeses Incurred during the year.. $398.011 40
Risks, and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
Ket amount- of risks
N December* 3lf 1905?? 132.396,820 2.328.BWS8
T. O. AFFELD. U. S. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 224
day of January. 1903.
CHARLES EDGAR MILLS,
Commissioner for California In New York.
RUDOLPH HEROLD Jr., General Agent,
HARRY.C. BOYD, Assistant Gen'l Agent
415 CALIFORNIA ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. > .
WEEKLY CAT.T, f $1.00 PER YEAb]
_ BEOAI* SHOES. __ * _:_.__
MlVX^^^rfWv W^ mUC^ P| easure m announcing to the ladies
XS^^^^ShX /} °* S an Francisco the opening of a Regal store
l "^x^viw r'h ° evotec * exc l us j v ely to the sale of Regal Shoes for women.
' e l ocat * on adjoins our men's 'store at the comer
of 9^ anc * Stoc H ton Streets, but the ladies' store is
lPiS§i|||^ m5\\ entirely separate, with a distinct corps of salesmen par-
cu^ ar^ trainec * to properly fitting the Regal line.
San Francisco is the fourth city m which Regal shoes for women
x -'EkSHHIJF/ ** The ° ther P™ are New York ' Boston « ™ d Philadelphia.
mBSwWmSVl , . me P nna P ! " that have Regal shoes for men famous
' JffiWfy!>^//llffll lty ' * WCar ' cconom y have been appKed to the making of
J§Sy%r//'iyM R e 8 a l s " oes f° r women. Every effort has been made to rqual, and
/Swy^ ////Mil P° 5Slb l e surpass, the reputation already obtained by the Regal
Jflly /sffldlfflm BecaU3e our &*** are s 0^ on ly direct to the individual customer our
' &W /x/ZmK^ 8ly l c l* re 1 a5 exclusive as those from the highest priced custom bootmaker.
¦Jffa h//ZwmW\ i rP egal Mp^k are not " improved " but exact copies of styles designed
im X-^mMW I ' l * Thomas of London, and Whyte of New York. The
ill /y»8ffl ' shoes are placed on sale in Regal stores within forty-five days of the
ill "II //ffl//M$£2KM II ma - y se .T ™ d l0 you Aat the vei * latest *£** xl fc y the fash - I
m \l LI fl'l ¦ (feS§&^3S"®a enable shoemakers of the world, can be offered to you in
11 (( ml material second to none, at the very low price of $3.50:
lllvl 1 '"'¦ J^-jt^^" -^^feil " : " wou Id be impossible to do 'this under any other but the
1 VA I* Z^fil \ '*?¥& R e 8^ system. The shoes cost but $3.50 simply and
VS^A *% S§h f j^k'y because there are no middleman's profits— no waste Rgg
W^v )l r^\\ HZ? V— "v I m l^^y lo wearer, no jobber's or retailer's profits, no Ifcjg
Vr*v^f^j;"rv'S\'''w JvLy::].-'-^' v/tner^ shoes .carry five profits— you pay, as much for use- jj
I S~\ I ' J r ' r I f 8 * fronts '.** f o* shoe value. \ Regal shoes come straight from ||
\\^d5>T ».- _._.'¦.-¦-; . I-- \the tannery to consumer, with but one small profit added* I]
' W -;¦¦ '*m~ ' , v. e AY^ be much pleased to have you rail and inspect the fj
.^* ; :-i-'J'~i\ : ; exclusive styles we are showing' for fall and winfer. " if
\^_^-^/ Four exclusive women "is stores ; in; New York Gty. ft
SA " FRANCISC0 ST °RE : CORNER OEARY AND STOCKTON STREETS |SHANGHAI, Dec. 6.— The Chinese cotton
crop shows splendid results.
Stories told by Bonier respecting his
movements on the day of the murder
conflict with those told by Mrs. Louis
Lindholm, his housekeeper, and rela
tives and neighbors of the old couple.
BUFFALO, N. Y., Dec. 6.— The coils
are tightening around Charles Bonier,
the aged suspect being held for the
murder of the Frehrs, the old couple
whose mutilated and decomposed bod
ies were found last week buried under
the barn of their home here.
"Even assuming," said Chief of De
tectives' Taylor to-day, "that Bonier
cannot be ( convicted of murdering the
Frehrs, we could, on indictments based
on his own confessions of three dif
ferent felonies, forgery, attempted brib
ery and impersonating another in
swearing to a legal paper, send him to
prison for the rest of his natural life."
Circumstances Point Strongly to Him
as the Slayer of the
Frehrs.
POLICE ABE WEAVING
WEB ABOUT BONIEB
'xhe services were conducted by
James N. Odell, exalted ruler, assisted
by John S. Partridge, esteemed leading
knight; Howard Cameron, esteemed
loyal knight; Edwin C. Clark, esteem
ed lecturing knight; Herman Cohn,
secretary; George E. Hunt, treasurer;
J. P. Broder, tiler; C. C. Elsasser, chap
lain; J. L. H. Manning, esquire; Harry
C. Wilber, inner guard; C. S. Hoffman,
organist; J. P. Dunne, C. W. Purring
ton and W. Jones, trustees.
The services commenced with the
rendition of Schiller's "Turandot" and
Chopin's "Funeral March," . played by
a large orchestra, under the direction
of Paul Steindorff and John Marquardt.
The opening ceremonies of the. lodge
were then conducted by the exalted
ruler, assisted by the officers of the
lodge, the members in the body "of the
theater responding to the call of the
£aveL|9B£kl
The solemn reading of the "In Memo
riam" list of members then followed.
Three hundred members of the order
occupied seats In the front rows of the
orchestra, each member wearing the
elk badge and a tiny bow of purple
silk as a sign of mourning.
The stage was set with the chairs and
tables of the lodgeroom and when the
exercises commenced all the officers of
the local lodge were present, wearing
thir badges and regalia. '
WEAR MOTTRNING BADGES.
The services of the local lodge of
Elks held yesterday were simple, yet
deeply emotional, and breathed the
epirit of love and esteem emblematical
of the far-reaching order.
The stage of the California Theater
was set as a sylvan scene, a large Elk
standing in the background in a life
like attitude. A cross of laurel leaves
tied with purple silk ribbon towered
aloft on the right of the stage and two
elk heads were set on the sides of the
proscenium opening, the antlers being
set with tiny electric lights.
Each year the exercises of the Elks
in token of love and in honor of the
memory of their deceased brothers are
held on the same day throughout the
United States.
• Beautifully impressive were the me
morial services held yesterday after
noon by the Benevolent and Protective
Order of Elks' Lodge Xo. 3 at the Cali
fornia Theater in the presence of a
gathering of ladies and gentlemen that
filled the building to overflowing.
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 6.— Samuel M.
Shortridge of San Francisco was the
orator this afternoon at the memorial
service "of Santa, Rosa Lodge, B. P. O
E. The services were held in the hall
of tho order, which was crowded with
members and their friends. The ora
tion was one of the most eloquent and
delightful ever delivered In this city.
and' 1 those j in attendance followed the
speaker's words closely throughout.
Santa Rosa Lodge mourns the loss of
five members since its institution two
years ago: Mariniis J. Strienlng, Som
ers B. Fulton, J. P. Rodgers, Orlow O.
Webber and- Dr.* J. G. Neal. Superior
Judge Emmet Seawell delivered the
eulogy. Miss Anna-Cummlngs Badger
of , San Francisco and Mrs. Lester B.
Towne of.Sebastopol sang.
Address at the Gathering of Elks by
Samuel Shortridge.
SERVICES AT SANTA ROSA.
Philip Selig. W. A. Landry, J. J. Ler
mer, J. R. Daniels and S. A. White.
Judge F. J. Murasky then pronounced
the eulogy on the members of the order
who have died in 'the last twelve
months and paid a tribute to their
characters and good Qualities.
W. M. Ogllvie then sang Metcalfs
"Abide With Me" and the . benediction
was pronounced by Rabbi. Nieto. The
orchestra then rendered "The Star-
Spangled Banner" and T the memorial
services were brought to a close. ¦
The committee in charge of the me
morial v services comprised Howard
Cameron, -chairman: C. W.- Kevin! sec
retary ; H. J. Cordes, C. A. Moraghan,
The officers of the lodge then re
sponded to the call of the exalted
ruler, each officer announcing the ob
ject of the gathering and his particular
duty for the day. v
All the members of the order then
arose at the sound of the exalted ruler's
gavel and Joined in singing the "Open
ing Ode," 'which is always sung at the
lodge meetings.
Rabbi J. Nieto then delivered the in
vocation and was followed by the sing-
Ing of Gounod's "Ave Maria," by Miss
Eugenia Barker, accompanied by the
violin and harp, played by Mr. and
Mrs. John Marquardt.
, Judge M. T. Dooling of Hollister. u
prominent member , of the Order of
Elks, then delivered the oration on the
dead, his address being a scholarly
composition and given with depth of
feeling and emotion.
At the close of the oration, the or
chestra rendered Sullivan's "Lost
Chord," the solemn strains filling the
building with heartful melody that
welled and throbbed.
Wallace Brownlow then sang Sulli
van's superb composition, "Passing
Hence," In a most artistic manner.
George P. Webster read Tennyson's "In
Memoriam" and Miss Etta O'Brlen'fi
splendid contralto voice was heard in
Marston's aria, "My God and Father,
While. I Stray."
- JUDGE MTJBASKY SPEAKS.
The names of the members of the
lodge who have died during the last
twelve months were called aloud three
times and grief was depicted on many
faces and tears were shed as the exalt
ed ruler solemnly called the names of
Ralph Wylie. Alfred Bouvier, Fred H.
Bushnell. John T. Greany, Ed. J. Ish
am and Joseph J. Foley.
Following the reading of the "In Me
moriam" list, the Elks Quartet, consist
ing of J. H. O'Brien. W. M. Ogilvie, R.
B. Kay and J. C. O'Donnell, sangr "The
Silent Benediction," composed by Rob
ert Lloyd.
the exalted ruler calling: trie names of
the members that have passed away.
We have all the new pictures and
frames for the holiday trade now on ex
hibition and sale. Come and see them.
Sanborn^Vall & Co. •
PROMINENT MINISTER WHO DELIVERED INVOCATION AT THE ELKS' MEMORIAL EXERCISES YES
TERDAY. JURIST WHO DELIVERED THE EULOGY OF THE MEMBERS OF THE ORDER WHO HAVE
DIED DURING THE LAST YEAR. AND ARTISTIC COVER OF PROGRAMME OF SERVICES.
AUSTIN. Tes., Dec. 5. — A dispatch
from Chihuahua, Mexico, says that
Joseph P. Chamberlain of San Fran
cisco, Cal., has just purchased the
Berrendo ranch of 217,000 acres, sit
uated in that State, from Ramon Ala
zar, the consideration was $100,000
pold. Chamberlain will stock the
ranch with high-grade American cat-
San Franciscan Buys Stock, Eanch.
•The urgent duty of carrying out
measures of isolation and disinfection
the university has performed through
its agencies, the professor of hygiene
and the Students' Guild. Doing this
necessarily gives the matter publicity
beyond its due. as the cases are not nu
merous enough to form an epidemic or
to cause seriws alarm."
As to the rumor that the university
would be closed or a quarantine forced
Dr. Jordan said emphatically that
neither would be a result of the present
situation. In his statement Dr. Jordan
says:
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Dec. 6—
The scare resulting from the finding of
several cases of diphtheria among stu
dents in the university seems to be
blowing over. There is a general feel
leg that the situation la not as serious
as was at first reported and that the
authorities have do&e everything to
hold the disease in check-
Two suspected cases were sent to the
detention hospital to-day. Two mem
bers of the class of 1905. room-mates in
Encina Dormitory, were found to be
suffering with ulcerated throats and to
have symptoms of diphtheria. They
ere George R. Stevens of Benlcia and
Kovrard H. Chandler of Se'.ma. Stev
er.s is the president of his class and
well known in the university. Whether
these men really have diphtheria or not
will taks several days for the doctors
to decide. Of the four men who have
been held within bounds, suspected of
having the disease, three have develop
ed new symptoms which tend to make
the diagnostician believe that genuine
diphtheria will result.
Both President Jordan and Dr. Snow
eald this afternoon that there was no
cause fcr widespread alarm as all of
the suspected sources of contagion
were under control and everything was
being dene to minimize the danger to
the students.
BpecltJ DUpaica to Ta» CalL
It will not be possible to pass the
general appropriation bills before the
recess is taken and some of the public
leaders hope to accomplish this. The
clerical work on the legislative and ex
ecutive appropriation bills has been ad
vanced to a point where their early
consideration by the committee can be
undertaken. It ls^ expected .that Hem
enway, chairman of the Appropriations
Committee, will publish the work of his
committee as rapidly as possible. ' •
Pending reports from committees*, the
House will take up such matters as
may be brought before it for consid
eration by unanimous consent, but the
real . work will not begin until com
mittees have had time' to act on meas
ures referred to them. It is under
stood by the members of the House
that the President's message will be
sent to Congress to-morrow. ¦ Its read
ing will be the principal event in the
House. It is expected that the Christ
mas recess will be taken about De
cember 22 and that on the assembling
after New Year the House will get to
work in deep earnest preparatory to as
early a final adjournment as possible.
The death of Representative Burke of
Pennsylvania will be announced to the
House, perhaps to-morrow, and the res
olution adopted providing for an ad
journment as a mark of respect.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 6.— The Senate
to-morrow will pass so quietly from
the extraordinary session into the first
re&ular session of the Fif ty-e7ghth Con
gress that the change will scarcely .be
realized. In accordance with the terms
of Saturday's adjournment resolution
the hour of meeting will be 11:30 a. ~m..
when the usual morning business will
be transacted. At 12 o'clock Senator
Frye as president pro tem will an
nounce that, as the hour for convening
the regular session has arrived, the
special session shall stand adjourned.
The regular routine of business then
will be proceeded with as if .there had
been no interruption.
The Cuban reciprocity bill will be
taken up at the conclusion of the morn
ing hour, and it will continue to be the
regular business before the Senate to
the exclusion of all other matters, ex
cept those of a routine character, un
til December 18, when a vote will be
taken. A number of Senators have
prepared speeches in opposition to the
bill, but none of these will speak.
After Senator Cullom, who is in charge
of the measure, makes a statement in
support of it, whicfi he will do as soon
as possible, after the convening of the
regular session, either Senator Teller
or Morgan will follow in opposition, and
they in turn by other Senators who
will object to the bill. The understand
ing in the Senate is that the Presi
dent's message will be received Mon
day.
The House will convene in regular
session to-morrow. Much has been
gained by the special session and the
work of the regular session will bead
vanced fully two weeks, as ordinarily
it requires the time up to the adjourn
ment for the holiday recess to complete
the organization of the House. Now it
only remains for the committees, the
last of which was completed yester
day, to meet and organize, when the
House will be ready to proceed at once
with general legislative work.
Adjournment Will Be Fol
lowed by Convening of
Regular Assembly.
Physicians Believe They
Have the Disease in
Check.
Congressmen Will Not
Even Leave Their
Desks.
President of Stanford
Speaks of Diphthefla
Cases.
EXTRA SESSION
TO CLOSE QUIETTY
NEEDLESS ALARM,
SAYS DR. JORDAN
THE SAN' FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1903.
Brilliant Eulogies of the Dead Are Eloquently Spoken by
Judges M. T. Dooling of Hollister and F. J. Murasky.
Fine Musical and Vocal Programme Marks Exercises
ORDER OF ELKS HOLDS SERVICES
IN MEMORY OF DECEASED MEMBERS
3
' UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
ROYAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND, ON THB
31st day of December. A. D. 1002. and
for the year ending on that day. as made to
tfc? Insurance Commissioner or the State of
California, pursuant to the provisions of Sec-
tions 610 and 611 of the Political Code, con-
densed as per blank furnished ty tha Com-
missioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. *1. 421.012 «2
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.... 8S4.000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company... 3,600,104 OS
Cash in Company's Office 1.922 52
Cash Is Banks 727.463 97
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 41.«73 31
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 5.304 53
Premiums in due Course of Col- ~\»
lection 1.034.049 Ot
Rents due and accrued 4.637 62
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid. 32,607 39
Total Assets .J7.752.835 10
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $47,899 81
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 63 W
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 101. 760 <S
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $3,354.-
R39 77: reinsurance 50 ner cent.. 1.077.419 8S
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, *4.533.-
"04 87- reinsurance pro rata 2,445,293 63
Amount reclalmabie by the Insured
on perpetual flre Insurance pol-
j c t M 198,5.11 67
Liability under Life Department... 100.5S3 S3
All other liabilities 468.730 02
Total Liabilities .15.306,333 10
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Flre
premiums ••„ H.743.248 79
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages •¦•¦• • • - - 21.375 00
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and
from all other sources **
Received for Rents 60.634 49
Total Income .$4.0X!,922 82
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount Dald for Flre Losses
(including S669.228 02. losses of
previous years) ..$2,558,026 59
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage •• :"IZ" S30 '" 0i "
Paid for Salarl«. Fees and other .
charges for officers, clerks, etc. . S83.683 81
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes • ...-••••••••-• 127.850 14
Air other payments and expend!-
tures • S17.354 88
- Total Expenditures $4,215,623 60
Flr«.
Losses Incurred during the year. . .$2.407.022 01
Risks and Premiums. Flre Risks. Premiums.
Net ' amount of Risks jj
1 ??:'.^' $T87.878.«« $7,653.28- 63
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year ...... 792.703.653 C.SS0.77S 15
Net amount In force
December 31. 1002. . - 796.075.305 7.054.044 64
, - . : . E. F. BEDDALL. U. S. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 26th
day of January. 1903. ' "'¦ '-" -
EDMUND HARVEY, Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT
ROLL A V. WATT, Manager,
201 Sansome St., San Francrsco.
JNO. T. FOGARTT. Assistant Manager; F. B.
¦ KELLAM, Branch Secretary; JNO. R.
HILLMAN. Superintendent Local Depart-
ment. '
;"¦-*-¦ ¦
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
¦j Great Mexican Remedy :• gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market
. OCEAg TBATIL.
e Steamers Ieav» San Fran-
cisco as follows :
For Ketchikan. Wrangel.
Juneau. Haines. Ekaguay,
etc.^ Alaska— 11 «. m., Dec.
2. f. 12. 17. 22. 2T. Jan. 2.
Change to company's steam-
ers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. Whateom— 11 a. m.. Dec. 2. 7.
12. 17. 22. 27. Jan. 2. Cnange at Seattle to
this company's steamers for Alaska and O. N.
Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. By. ; at
Vancouver to C. P_ Railway.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona. 1:30
p m. Dec. «. 12. IS. 24. .10. Jan. 6; Corona.
1:30 p. m.. Dec. A. ». 15. 21. 27. Jan. 2.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara — San-
ta Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State ot California. Thursdays. 0 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Dec. 3. 11. 19. 27. Jan. 4.
Booita. 9 a. m.. Dec. 7. 15. 23. 31. Jan. 9.
For Ensenada. Masdalena Bay. San Jose da!
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Pax. Santa Ro-
salia Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., Tta of eaca
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right la reserved to change steamers or sa'.l-
tnr "dates.
TICKET OPFXC.ES— 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharves
Freight office. 10 Market street.
CD. DUN ANN. General Passenger A*ent.
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
"Columbia" sails Dee. 9. 19. 29. Jan. 8. IS,
23. ••George W. Elder" sails Dec. 14. 24. Jan.
3. 13. 23. Only steamship line to PORTLAND.
OR., and short rail line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to alt points, all
rail or steamship and rail, at LOWEST
RATES. Steamer tickets Include berth and
ir.eals. Steamer sails foot of Spear St.. at 11
a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept.. I
Montgomery at.: C. CLrFFORD, Gen. Ag^
Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery St.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 d. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling af Kobe CHtogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. Xo
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
S. S. NIPPON MARU (calling at Manila)
Wednesday, December 50, 1903
S S. AMERICA MARU
Monday. January 23. 1904
S S. HONGKONG MARU .TT
Wednesday. February 17, 1904
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market streets, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
oceanics.sxo.E»S«?
S. 8 VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney Thursday. Dee. 10, 2 p. m.
S. S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Dec.ia, 11am.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Jin. 8, 1904,
4l.l7itaRUBm.a s l^jBttSflhM43fartta
MbttSn.ni EvbtlUPkrEi. 7.PadBeSt
C0XPA65IS GE21E3ALE TR153ATLaNTI3C2.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -•.«»„,
Sailing every Thursday instead of^CCKTa
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. »«**>"
North River, foot of Morton street.
- First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New Torkj J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, & Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agenta. -
May Island and VaJlajo Steamw.
t Steamer Gen- FRISBIE or MONTICELLO —
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday, 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo.
7 a. m., 12:30 and 8 p. m., ex. Sunday. Sun-
day, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare. 60 cents. Tel.
Main 1506. Pier 2. Misston-st. dock. HATCH
BROS.
.^ep&S&fl MENANDWOMEft.
tASBEOfTrraTiS^tl C»» Big«Jfor«nn»taral
MSSw b 1 1» * imrXi diichants.iaflanimaClon*.
JSSSa OumtH4 u Irritations or ule«r»tlcni
¦fttjf iMMislmn. of mmeoas mcmbraDti.
B" H rmww fmi««<M. PtinUis, snd not MtriQ.
HTSfrHEETlMCHEMiOLto. ftot or poisonous.
%tSSa C1I««1UT1,B.^S3 «•" *7 X>r««vlaU.
TBT|f|L (,1.1 3ShT or ** nt ln • 1 * In wn *w*.
i _^M| ' by «xpr««». prrp«!d. tat
V^HSB^Pj^a S1.00. or S bottles K.7S.
, ¦ CUcul*/ Met ea tnwt
_^ * APVEBT33gatX»T8. tf*~ -
M The picture is of course overdrawo. but when it comes to | j
H the facts of the case in buying one of our made-to-measure ||
n suits you really have money coming to you. j|
§j The man who orders a suit of us can count on all wool ma- f]
« terial, good workmanship, stylish garments and an actual sav- m
i ing of at least a fourth. jj
p Through splendid buying facilities and small profits of our \\
R own we are in a position to undersell any other tailor on this H
If coast. And we do it. M
0 The suit we make for $io will cost you every cent of $13 \\
1 elsewhere. Our $1350 garments are equal to the $16 suits of rj
I many firms. Our $15 suits are really worth $20; our $20 suits j]
|j would be values at $25. and so on up to our $45 suits. 4
|] Buy here and you will have money coming your way, and A
S that's just what you want — the more you save now when bay- jf
H ing clothes the more you will have to spend on Christmas. jl
P Come in to-day, look over our patterns and order a suit, if
i We will have the garments ready for you in a few days. . H
I Suits to Order, $10 to $45. 1
|| Suits satisfactorily made for out-of-town customers through our 8
K self-measuring system — write for samples. q
I sN\Voop&ro
B 740 Market Street and i
1 Cor. Powell and Eddy Streets S
ITEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
A3K"CTHZ:3 WO5S£B O7 SCXEXCE.
¦
Biclory Has Prcvei That Dandruff Za
Caused ty a Germ.
Science is doing wonders these days in
medicir.e as well as In mechanics. Since
Adam lived, the human race* has been
troubled with dandruff, for which no hair
preparation has heretofore proved a suc-
cessful cure until Xewbro's Herpicide
was put on the market. It is a scientific
preparation that kills the germ that
makes dandruff or scurf by digging into
the scalp to get at the root of the hair,
where it saps the vitality, causing- itch-
ing scalp, fallir.e hair and finally bald-
ness. Without dandruff hair must grrow
. luxuriantly. It is the only destroyer of
dandruff. Sold by leading druggists.
Bend 10c in stamps' for sample to The I
Herpicide Co.. Detroit. Mich.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
Tfae Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the /jjf yZftf-t-fi?
Signature of C # t« J^7&^^
• Tired babies become rested
babies when fed on Mellin's
Food. Mellin's Food nour-
ishes.
Vwjwin be r!ad that yen sent for a usiplc
•f tCeliin'a Food when you see bow eagerly
ttty ttke* it.
MELLIN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON". MAS".
1 —
B ¦ A 0 ¦¦ W ¦* «^ "
[j &&&&& BRJiED
I } qUARTER SIZES QUITE! UGH
V' CLUETT, FCABODY *, CO. I
1 1 lLt.it:* of Cluett aad Ko&arca Suns
I Til
EyERVJLAIOARSAMTED
Good and gtfter — Schilling'?
Best — and the business is goot
Your grocer's; money back
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
sal _ • . ||||
H TKe Kino 1 H
El KONA KOFFEE KOMPANY i
K| 14^5 Stockton St.. ne^r GejNry ||
ipl Op? City of fvtis try Goods Co. " |p|
18 Phone5uib5lO^ M. MADRID, Dec. 6. — While King Al
fonso ! was . hunting at ). Casa !, Campo i a
gamekeeper fired, killing a shepherd.
The . King was so affected by the,in
cident that he returned •immediately
to the palace. One account.of the af
fair is that the gamekeeper suspected
the shepherd of an intention to attack
one of the members of the King's suite,'
The gamekeeper,, however, declared
the killing was accidental.
Act of Game Keeper on Hunting
Trip Deeply Affects Young,
Sovereign. /
KINO ALFONSO SEES
SHEPHERD SHOT DEAD
Albert Titus, 14 years of age, living
with his mother at 1304 Lyon street,
was driving his cousin, Miss Lillian P.
Crommelin, in a buggy yesterday after
noon along Bush street when a colt
bounded from a yard near Scott street
and frightened the horse. Albert ' is
considered to be a good driver for his
age, but the animal became unmanage
able and bolted. At the corner of Bush
and Fillmore the horse dashed into Uie
plate glass window of a fancy-bazaar
kept by Lorenzo Adams and both Al
bert and Miss Crommelin were pitched
on the horse as it fell. They escaped
with bruises, but the ' buggy was
6mashed and the horse Injured. The
aninjal belongs to Joseph P. Casoly of
?430 Geary street.
Horse Bolts Into Window.
The tug Hiawatha, which was recent
ly^purchased here by Senor Mejia, will
be towed down'; to -Acajutla, Salvador,
by the steamer Abydos of the Kosmos
line. It was the original intention" to
take the tug : on the steamer's bow, as
she was suppose^ to weigh but twenty
two tons;^ when, however. It was ascer
tained . she ; weighed fifty-seven tons,' it
was decided, to tow her." r'~ ¦ ; ..'¦¦ '.;.
Will Be, Towed to Acajutla.
LONDON, Dec. 6.— With a stronger
belief that the Bank of England will
not find a necessity for raising Its rate
In the near future, the Stock Exchange
last week was swayed chiefly by the as
pects of the Russo-Japanese" crisis.
• After the week had opened the report
received by the Associated Press from
Paris that a practical basis of agree
ment had been arrived at by. Russia
and- Japan, caused a revivalof hopes
for peace which was strongly reflected
In the advance in the price of Japanese
bonds. Russians., however; did not
show wide fluctuations.
The sale- of the warships Constitution
and LIbertad to England by Chile im
proved the price of Chilean bonds owing
to the belief that the amount received
for' the vessels may avert the necessity
for Chile: to raise a loan . abroad. The
market for American securities again
shared considerably in the general re
vival of business, the recovery being
materially .'assisted by the spurt in steel
preferred shares. .
American, Japanese and Chilean
Bonds Take a Jump in the
English Market. ..
EASTERN WAR RUMORS
MAKE PRICES VARY
Clarence L. Frank, a private in the
Thirtieth Infantry, was found in s an
unconscious condition early this morn
ing at the corner of- Lombard and San
some streets. He was conveyed to the
Harbor Hospital, where it was found
that his skull was fractured and that
there were lacerated wounds on his
scalp, face and hands. Later he was
removed to the .City Hall /Hospital,
where he now lies in a critical state,'
with very little chance of his recovery!
From papers in his possession it ap
pears that' he is stationed at Fort Mc-
Dowell and is a member of Casualty
Company Noi 2. He had been granted
leave by his commanding officer to ab
sent himself from his post from Satur
day until to-day.
Soldier's Skull Fractured.
"WASHINGTON. Dee. 6.—Representa
tive Grosvenor, chairman of the House
Committee on Merchant Marine and
Fisheries, to which ship subsidy bills
will be referred, said to-night that so
far as he was concerned tha published
report that a compromise had been ef
fected whereby no ship subsidy bill
would be urged at this session, but
a commission of Investigation _x>n the
subject created instead, was erroneous.
He added:. * W^HSIO^f
"1 know of no such compromise or
agreement and I venture to] say that
nothing of the kind has been arranged.
A single Individual came to me Fri
day morning and handed me vhat pur
ported to be a bill for the creation of
a commission. I have not read it.' »I
merely glanced over It. I do not know
who agreed to it. or who drew it, or
anything connected with it beyond
what I have stated, and I am quite
sure that If any agreement, compromise
or arrangement had been made by any
body having authority or official rela
tion to Congress, I should have known
of It."
DENIES THAT SUBSIDY
BILL WILL BE DEFERRED
OIL CITY, Pa.. Dec. 6.— Captain Da
vid A. Moore died at his home to-day.
In 1859 he was United States Consul at
Nagasaki, Japan. A brother. Captain
James B. Moore of Brooklyn, N. Y., Is
a retired naval officer.
Former Consul Passes! Away.
An , immense audience was In evi
dence to hear Dr. Alexander J. Mclvor-
Tyndall last night on "Proofs of Im
mortality." Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall has
been here for six months past, and the
interest he has awakened in the ab
struse problems of metaphysics has-de
veloped into a desire to know more of
the philosophy as well as the phenom
ena of the invisible forces of the hu
man mind. The lecture last night was
one of the most interesting of the many
interesting lectures given by the fa
mous student of psychology, and the
audience showed Its appreciation by the
closest attention to , every word. Dr.
Mclvor-Tyndall paid a high tribute to
the* work done by materialistic science,
but said that it is / to religious . faith
rather 1 than materialistic science that
we are indebted for our proofs of im
mortality. He gave it as hia opinion
that when the "twentieth century com
plexity ! of thought shall have become
concrete we will find that religious faith
and scientific proofs will unite oh the
question of immortality." The lecture
was followed by v some marvelously in
tricate and Interesting phenomena of
the mind and soul. Next Sunday even
ing. Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall. will take for
his subject ."Our Common Birthright."
Dr. J. Mclvor Tyndall.
• CHICAGO, Dec 6. — Frederick Grant
Gleasbn, one. Of the most celebrated of
American composers and director of
the Chicago Auditorium Conservatory,
died, here to-day of pneumonia, aged
54 years.
Celebrated Composer Dies.
Guards on the dock at Fort Alcatraz
were startled last evening about" 8
o'clock by loud cries for help coming,
apparently, from \he bay just south
east of the island. An alarm was
given at once, and the Government
steamer General McDowell was dis
patched to the scene from whence the
sounds came. ,
Several pleasure yachts which hap
pened to be in the vicinity also
hastened to give assistance, and a
thorough search was made of that en
tire locality. When the news reached
San Francisco a 'number of launches
were Bent to the scene, but nothing
could be f.und. The tide had Just
started to ebb at the time of the ac
currence, so if the persons wbo raised
the cry were at the mercy of the waves
they were carried In shore, -and have
not been taken out to sea.
The man In charge or the scow at
Blossom Rock heard no sound and saw
nothing. The night was clear and the
moon at its brightest, and there was a
complete absence of fog. The wind was
blowing strong from the west at the
time.
Hear Voices From Boy, Apparently
for Assistance, but Search
Reveals Nothing.
CRIBS FOB HELP ALARM
GUARDS AT ALCATRAZ
The total number who registered
during the three days of the confer
ence was 2450. The total offerings re
ceived amounted to $300 79.
Following are the names of the dele
gates who signed to serve as mission-
Uua Jessie May Muaroe. Miss Harriet
rhclp*. Rev. Owen Hclte, Mrs. L. C. Munroe,
Mies Anna Draper. L. C. Munroe. A. S. Mead,
H. J. Waters, J. W Gilsrore, Harriet H. Brown,
Mary II. Cross. S. A. Gerrior, Miss Lou An
drews, C. E. Gordon, William A. Wood, F. A.
l'atterson, Wilton H. .Nichols, Mary Marr,
Mlts Frances B. Standen. F. A. Mead, Aug.
N. Wilson. M. E. Hodge, W. Clyde Smith.
Frank C. Fair, Dr. William F. Colbum. C. U.
CalUn£er. Mr*. C It. Callender, Miss Carrie
Slaughter. x>r. Susan B. Tallznen. Richard
Harcie, James M. 1 -tatty, Pauline Swan. Mary
]-. Bcntiey. J. H. Peacemaker, Miss Mary A.
Ives, £arah M. White. Grace Lyman. Eliza
beth A. Warden, Will E. Morris, F. M. Wet
rrore. George D. Byers. Clara A. Mayhew.
Mrs. W. H. Barter. Abbie C. Roea. Uszel
Woodruff. Gilbert Voorhiea, Mrs. J. Withers,
Thomas M. Outwater, Ada Campbell and Har
riet Alice £tlll£cn.
OAKLAND. Dec. 6.— As a result of
the Young People's Inter-denomina
tional Missionary Conference which
closed at the First Presbyterian Church
to-day fifty-one delegates have pledged
themselves as missionaries to work in
any field that the board of missions
may name. In addition to the number
who pledged themselves to this work
there are fifty student volunteers in the
various educational Institutions around
the bay who had already promised to
become missionaries.
After the close of the last session of
the conference to-day a meeting of
those who had signed the missionary
pledge was held in the chapel. A
number of the volunteers gave their
views en the great work which had
been undertaken by those present and
a general discussion of the subject
followed.
Closing Incident of the Interdenom
inational Conference at
Oakland.
MANY YOUNG VOLUNTEEBS.
FOB MISSIONARY FIELD
Dr. M. E. Gonzales, a member of ons
of the" old Mexican families of Califor
nia, dled'In his apartments at: the Pal
ace Hotel at 9 o'clock last evening after
a. few hours.', illness. Yesterday morn
insv while preparing, for a ride with
his wife to* the park, he suddenly com
plained of a. severe pain in. his head.
He was assisted to his. bed and became
unconscious. Dr. - Hirschfelder, who
was summoned, pronounced the case of
his patient as hopeless, as- it was ap
parent that an artery of the brain had
been ruptured. ' .,
Dr. Gonzalez was' a native of Cali
fornia, 5& years of age, and is' survived
by his wife and a daughter by a for
mer .marriage. He was a man of con
siderable wealth and was the founder
of the town of Gonzales. In ' drawing
up the' incorporation papers, of . the lat
ter a mistake was made in the spoiling
of the name, which, however, the doc
tor never undertook to correct. Among
the principal properties Included: in his
estate Is a larse ranch In -Monterey
County, where he 'and his wife were in
the habit of spending the greater part
Of the summer months;; '¦:'¦'•
1 He -had been • complaining for some
time and 'was arranging for a trip to
Europe with his wife when death called
him. :• ¦.-¦.>:'• ¦'•-•-' ... •
Dr. Gonzalez Passes Away.
The body was identified by P. F.
Foley and J. A. Davis, workmen em
ployed in the Southern Pacific shops
near by, and later by the dead man's
son-in-law, J. E. Cary, at the Morgue.
The dead body of Michael Walsh, an
aged man," "who lived at 200 Utah
street^ was found beside the Southern
Pacific tracks at Fifteenth and ¦Harri
son streets last night. 1 The unfor
tunate man had evidently been killed
by a passing train.
The body was discovered at 7 o'clock
by A. Dayton, a plumber, living at
1704 Harrison street. Dayton 1 was
passing up the track with a lady friend
and noticed a dark object lying on the
ground beside the track. He said noth
ing for fear of frightening his compan
ion, but returned at "10 o'clock and
made sure that it was a dead man. He
notified Officer Weatherford of the
Mission station and the Morgue wagon
removed the body.
Foul play was at first suspected, but
when the man's right arm and back
were found to be broken this theory
was abandoned.
Walsh had evidently been killed by
the 6:30 p. m. outbound train, as he
was found lying by the track over
which that train passes. He was a
soap seller and leaves three daugh
ters, Mrs. J. E. Cary, Miss Mamie
Walsh of 200 Utah street and Mrs.
William Keefe of 1864 Fifteenth street.
Body of Michael* Walsh, Soap Seller,
Found Lying Beside
the Track
AGED MAN IS -rTTT.T.TiT)
BY A RAILROAD TRAIN
Hennig made a pet of the dog and
took It to the store with him each day,
where it kept watch . on the premises
during his temporary absence. More
than a month ago, it was struck by a
car and its hind leg broken. The gro
cer immediately carried it to his home
at 100 Vermont street, and before at
tention could be given the fracture the
dog had disappeared. No one could lo
cate It, but neighbors claim they could
hear its walls during the night. Search
was made, but without result until last
night, when it was discovered In the
basement, where it had fallen un
noticed. Every attention la how being
accorded the creature.
Wonderful endurance through pain,
hunger and thirst was displayed by a
valuable bulldog, the property of J. F.
Hennig, a grocer at 1115 Folsom street.
The animal, with a broken leg, was im
prisoned in the'basement of the grocer's
home for a period 1 of :thirty>f our days,
during which time it" lay in suffering
without a morsel of food or a drop of
water.-
Creature With Broken Leg Lives
More Than a Month Without
Food or Water.
WONDERFUL ENDURANCE
IS DISPLAYED BY A DOG
A number of the leading real estate
men are endeavoring to perfect plans
for organizing a real estate associa
tion in this city. A meeting was hsld
last week in the offices of Woodward,
Watson & Co., at which a committee
consisting of J. T. Bell, A. H. Breed and
Harry Belden. presented an original
draft of a proposed constitution for the
government of the association. It was
proposed to give the new organization
the name of the Oakland Real Estate
Association. Further plans will be dis
cussed at a meeting to be held- next
Wednesday evening at the same place.
Following are statements from some
of the local real estate dealers:
Henry A. Dodge of the firm of S. M. Bode*
8c Son — Oakland la cominc to the attention of
outside manufacturers, , business men, buyers
and speculators as never before. In San Fran
cisco fortunes are constantly being: made by
buying and Belling business property. In Oak
land the constant growth of population and the
Increase cf business la produclne similar op
portunities of Investment, and many buyers
from San Francisco and eluewhere are observ
ing the fact and an increasing- number are
taking advantage of It with profit.
In past years Oakland's proximity to San
Francisco has been both a detriment and a
benefit. Now a very email, and I am clad to
see decreasing-, proportion of trading is done
Jn San Francisco by Oakland people, and Oak
landVa business enterm-ises ara multiplying:
and enlarging in a very gratifying way. That
many San Francisco merchants are realizing;
this is evidenced by the number of fine, stores
which they conduct In Oakland . as branch
stores without anything to Indicate that.they
are "branch" stores. Because of this increased
business property values are goinr up and
will continue to go up.
Itesidence property value* depend upon their
nearness to the center of business. Therefor©
Oakland residence properties have a double
advantage In being near two bustneps centers.
San Francisco, the money center of California,
and Oakland, a city which experts believe to
offer golden opportunities for money-making.
With the new key route ferry line boat* in
operation Oakland is only twenty-flve minute*
in point of time from San Francisco, and as
there are seven round trips made by first-class
and rapid passenger boats each hour residence
properties "here are aa accessible to San Fran
cisco business men as are many of the resi
dence sections of San Francisco. These are
the reasons why Oakland is coming under the
favorable notice of so- many outsiders who
are ready and anxious to invest their money
La real estate where It will surely yield large
Numerous Oakland business men have very
wisely Invested In 8an Francisco real estate to
their advantage, but those same men are also
dealing successfully In Oakland realty In the
direct line of growth of our city.' The point
I wish to make is that Oakland real estate
offers a good opportunity to the wise man
and is worthy of the careful study and action
of men who see things In advance. ¦
Lavroance Real Estate Company— There has
been 'but little change In realty conditions dur
ing the last week, but compared with this time
ait year the market Is far more active. We
have Inquiries every day for desirable home
sites in all parts of the city, especially In the
northern portion and in East Oakland.
From present indications It is only a ques
tion of a few years when there will be a large
number of» manufacturing plants located along
the water front. The opening up of the Orien
tal market will make It necessary to establish
all kinds of factories on the. Pacific Coast, and
from Its location and natural advantages as
well as from the crowded conditions In San
Francisco, Oakland is the city where most of
tbe»« enterprises will locate.
There Is no doubt that the business center
of Oakland is rapidly expanding. One of the
largest printing establishments in the city Is
contemplating the erection of a three-story bus
iness block at Twelfth and Harrison streets
and we have had several sites as far west as
Jefferson street. • ¦ ' _
Oakland is awakening from a Rip van Win
kle sleep and the next five years will witness
greater progress in this city than did the last
twenty years. . - *
Frank J. Woodward of the firm of Woodward
& Watson — The conditions of the market . at
present are most favorable. Residence prop
erty in all parts of the city Is In great de
mand, but mose especially that located con- 1
venient to the business center. The Inquiries
at present are mostly for homes, at prices
ranging from $3000 to $5000. . :- .
The business district Is expanding very rap-
Idly north and west. The district bounded by
Fourteenth and Twentieth, and Broadway and
Jefferson street seems most favored at present,
although we have had a number of Inquiries
during the past month for business sites nearer
the business center. There is one thing, how
ever, which, if accomplished, will stimulate the
Oakland real estate market more than any
other one thing that I know of. - That is the
improvement of Oakland's principal thorough
fares. Some of the streets are In such a con
dition that they are a veritable black eye to
the city. -•-..•
People desiring to invest In real estate natur
ally prefer to be located on streets ¦ which are
in good repair.
Conditions in the local realty market
have changed but little In the last
week, although there Is naturally a
slight depression, owing to the proxim
ity of the holiday season. Dealers re
port an advance of 5 to 10 per cent over
the prices of the same period last year,
with nearly double the number of In
quiries for all kinds of property. AH
the real estate men agree that houses
to rent are very scarce, and it is prac
tically impossible to secure stores In
desirable locations.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 6.
Stahlbohm evidently thought he was
still driving, for he was seated upright,
with blankets around his knees and the
remnants of the lines still outstretched
In his hands. When Engineer Bellinger
shook him out of his stupor he angrily
accused the trainmen of stealing his
cap and his horses, and had to be held
from fighting them. Stahlbohm was
uninjured.
HAMMOND. Ind., Dec. 6.— Farmer
Charles Stahlbohm, proprietor of a
roadhouse near this city, will not care
to duplicate the thrilling experience he
had last night while driving home from
Dyer, where he had been buying stock.
He had met too many friends in Dyer,
and as he with his team neared the
Monon Railway, fifteen miles south of
here, he did not notice a fast freight
train until it was upon him. The train
killed both horses and made kindling
wood of the wagon.
Stahlbohm fared miraculously. He
was thrown upon the engloe pilot, and
so tightly had he grasped his lines that
he still held parts of them, as well as
the whip, when the train pulled Into
Hammond. There he was found by the
engineer, who did not know of the col
lision.
Lands on Pilot of Engine After a Col
lision and Rides Unscathed,
Though in a Stupor.
"DRUNKEN MAN'S LUCK"
SAVES INDIANA FARMER
Dealers Report Heavy
Business for Holiday
o gels on.
NEW YORK, Dec. 6.— Louis Worm
ser, a brother of Isldor Wormser Sr.,
of the firm of S. & S. Wormser, died
suddenly this morning of heart disease
at his home, 2 East Sixty-fifth street.
Mr. Wormser. was 77 years old. He
had lived a quiet life ever since he re
tired from business about twenty-flve
years ago. He was never In business
in. this city. Wormser was born in Ba
varia. He and his two brothers came
to this country when they were young
men. It was at the time when the gold
excitement was raging In California
and the three went to seek their for
tunes there. They engaged In business
In a small way and were quite success
ful. Isidor and Simon Wormser went
Into banking and real estate and after
ward came to thl3 city, where they
founded the well known Wall street
house. Louis .Wormser, however, re
mained in California, where he was in
the clothing business. When he retired
he came to New York to live near his
brothers. He devoted himself to charity
and benevolence. He never entered
public life. Wormser always enjoyed
good health, he having a robust consti
tution, and his end came unexpectedly
at 11 o'clock yesterday morning. His
physicians had never suspected that he
had any organic trouble pf fe»ort. Hs
leaves' a widow.
Special Dispatch/ to The Call,
LOUIS WORMSER
DIES SUDDENLY
IN NEW YORK
BOY SERIOUSLY WOUNDED.
Skelly, after the capture, took the
wounded boy to the Central Emerg
ency Hospital. The little fellow gave
the name of George King and his resi
dence'at 157 Clara street. He is em
ployed at the Postal Telegraph Com
pany and is 15 years of age.
Dr. Murphy, who examined the lad's
wound, found that the bullet from the
policeman's pistol had struck the boy
on the right side of the abdomen,' en
tered the abdominal cavity and found
exit above the pelvis. The surgeon
says that the wound . is dangerous . but
not necessarily fatal.
The boy's story is that he and a com
panion, Willie Sullivan ; of 149 Clara
street, on hearing a shot ran to the
scene of the trouble. He; had gone. but
a few feet when^he told his boy friend
that he had been shot and then fell to
the sidewalk.
Howard was taken to the hospital
a few minutes later to be treated for
a bullet- wound of the left leg. .For
a while he. exhibited a spirit of brav
ado and loudly proclaimed. his sorrow
for not "getting the: officer first."-
He readily admitted- that he <had
stood up the saloon single-handed and
said that It was. only ¦ a piece of bad
luck .that he did not make good his
escape. . Howard said that the name
he gave was not his right • one fand
hjnted quite strongly that his occupa
tion" was that of a" crook and that this
hold-up was not his first one. '
After awhilev he -seemed to realize
that he was talking too freely and ; he
refused to say anything further except
to express sympathy for the wounded
boy and to declare that he, was willing
to pay. the penalty for ; his crime. . f
Howard was taken to the Central po
lice station and V charged with robbery.
Skelly turned at once, only to be con
fronted by the prostrate man's threat
that he would shoot if his pursuer ap
proached nearer. To make good his
threat Howard pointed his revolver at
the officer, and before Skelly could
draw his weapon Howard was on his
feet and running toward the scene of
his crime. Howard dodged into a door
way and Skelly, knowing that it was
but temporary shelter for his man,
jumped into a doorway a few feet
away. Soon Howard sprang out and
made a bold attempt to escape. Skelly
called at him to halt, and upon How
ard's refusal fired at him. The bullet
took effect in the robber's left leg, but
he kept on running. Skelly fired an
other shot. The crowd that gathered
informed the officer that a boy. had
been seriously wounded by one of the
bullets.
Skelly picked up the youth who had
fallen to the sidewalk, and placing
him in the care of a bystander, con
tinued in pursuit of his game.
Policeman Tom Murphy, on turn
ing the corner of Fourth and Howard
streets, heard the shot, and ran to
the scene. As he turned the corner
he ran into the robber, and pointing
his pistol at his head, ordered him
to surrender. The robber gave up
Instantly, saying,. "Don't shoot; ' I'll
quit," and then sank to the sidewalk, a
bullet wound in his leg overcoming
him. Murphy handcuffed his
and took him to the South- Station.
During a running flght with the
crook the policeman fired two ¦hots.
One of them took effect in the robber's
leg. Another, unfortunately, seriously
wounded George King, 15 years of age,
who was turning the corner of Fourth
and Howard fetreets as the fusillade
was going on.
At about 10:30 o'clock last night a
man, who afterward gave his name as
Harry Howard, entered Little's saloon
on the north side of Howard street, a
few doors below Fourth, and demanded
that the six men who were In the place
give up their coin. His demand was
emphasized by the flourish of a re
volver, and his tone and manner made
such an impression on the men that
they lost no time In complying.
Howard had his face covered with a
white handkerchief and as he accepted
the valuables from each of his victims
he bade them not to make a move upon
penalty' of death. After coolly reliev
ing the six men of their coin, amount
ing in all to a trifle more than 520, the
daring -desperado backed out of the
place after, again warning them to
make no outcry.
Before entering the saloon Howard
accosted a boy named George Schroeff
ell, who was standing in the doorway,
and, giving the lad ten cents, sent
him away.
Once on the street the robber took
to his heels and ran rapidly down How
ard street toward Third. He had "gone
but a few feet when he was met by
Officer Charles Skelly. Before the po
liceman could halt him, Skelly heard
a heavy jingle of coin In the man's
pockets and, realizing that something
was wrong, gave chase. He called upon
the man to stop, but the demand, only
put more speed to the fleeing thief.
Suddenly Howard fell and the police,
man, who was close behind him and
going at a rapid gait, passed him.
THREATENS TO SHOOT.
After holding up six men in a saloon
on Howard street, just below Fourth, a
deiperate, lone robber while trying to
make his escape was brought to earth
by a brave police officer and Is now
locked safely in the tanks at the City
Prison.
In Running Battle on Street, Missile
Strikes George King, a Lad,
and Dangerously In
jures Him.
Thief Holds Up Saloon Fre
.quenters but Bullet Stops
His Flight.
Fifty horses were burned to death
at midnight last night in a fierce fire
on Seventh street, between Bryant and
Brannan. Two stables and a ware
house were almost destroyed and a
tile 'warehouse was damaged. The
total loss Is In the neighborhood of
$50,000.
The flre started in the stable of
Charles Madison and soon the ware
house of the San" Francisco Com
pressed Hay Company and the stable
of Frank Munson & Co. were afire.
These three buildings were almost de
stroyed and* the tile warerooms of
Gladding, McBean & Co. were slightly
damaged.
The origin of the fire Is unknown,
but it is thought some one who was
Bleeping in the barn dropped a lighted
cigar or cigarette Btump in a pile 'of
hay. It took but a few moments for
the blaze to spread and when the va
rious flre companies arrived on the
scene three of the buildings were en
veloped in flames and smoke and the
fourth was threatened with destruc
tion.
The firemen at once^ turned their at
tention to rescuing the horses from the
stables of Munson & Co. and Charles
Madison. In all more than thirty ani
mals were taken out, but fifty per
ished.
The firemen did excellent work and
kept the fierce flames from spreading
to many adjoining dwellings. Several
hundred tons of hay belonging to Mun
son & Co., Madison and the Compressed
Hay Company was destroyed, but the
damage in the storehouse of Gladding,
McBean & Co. was Blight.
A year ago four large stables and
warehouses on the same site were
burned to the ground. Many horses
were lost at that time, and the flre is
supposed to have started in the same
way as that of last night.
AI»EX. Arabia, Dec. 6.— Lieutenant
Commander Grabau, an Italian officer,
commanding an armed dhow, landed a
party of friendly natives at Darbe, So
mallland, Africa, and ordered the Ital
ian flag hoisted on the fort. The com
mandant of the fort refused to permit
the order to be carried out unless it
had the sanction of the Sultan.
Lieutenant Commander Grabau there
upon gave the commandant two hour3
in which to obey the order and, at the
expiration of that time, the command
ant not having complied, nred upon th9
fort. Tho fort replied with shell, kill
ing Grabau.
The dhow then put to «ea and was
picked up by nn Italian cruiser, which
landed the officer's bo<ly here.
The news that ' the 450 . Colombian
soldiers had threatened to attack Colon
and kill all Americans was'made known
by Senor Melendez at. about 12:30 on
Wednesday. The Nashville • was at
once signaled' that K the presence of-
Captain Hubbard < was needed 1 on shore.'
Fifteen, minutes later 'he landed in
a small boat , and ;the, situation was
explained to him. His pians were
formed at once. No ; time was . to be
lost, for serious fighting could
be expected "in • an . hour. ; Forty
men and two 'one-pounder guns from
the Nashville were as big a j force ;as
could be spared, and .were landed and
sent to the freight house of the Panama
Railroad.' This force was in command
of Lieutenant Commander Wiltsea.
All entrances' to ,the freight house,
were fortified by bales of cotton and
other available merchandise. One gun
was mounted to 'command the approach
at the rear of the * building, while the
other 1 was set upon a. fiat car at the
main entrance in front, to command
that side.
All this was done by 2 o'clock. But
the Colombians did not carry out their
threat. They cquld be seen in small
parties moving about the streets, but
the majority of them stayed in their
barracks. It was agreed between Cap
tain Hubbard and Colonel Torres on
Wednesday night that each should
withdraw his troops.
Althought the 450 troops from the
Cartagena were landed, they were un
able to obtain transportation to Pana
ma. Colonel Torres succeeded In get
ting the railway officials to have a
train made up to carry them to Pan
ama, but In the meantime . Captain
Hubbard, acting upon the obligation
of the United States to protect traffic
across the isthmus, gave orders that no
troops whatever should be moved over
the railroad. This deprived Colonel
Torres of all chance of going to the
relief of his leaders, who had preceded
the troops to Panama.
On Wednesday morning the news of
the arrest of 'Amaya and Tovar was
brought to Colon and then came in
formation that Governor Obaldia had
been made . a prisoner, and that the
revolution; had been successful. '
Proflro Melendez, then agent of the
Panama junta and later Governor of
Colon, approached Colonel .Torres and
tried to- negotiate with him for the
quiet withdrawal of the troops. His
efforts were futile.. The Colombians
would not agree, arid;-. shortly before
noon they 'threatened to attack Colon
and kill every "American '- here . unless
Generals Amaya and .Tovar, were liber
ated by 2 o'clock that. afternoon. This
at once put serious aspect upon the sit
uation. . r « •
Meantime the • firm that generally
supplied .water to the government re
fused to furnish the^ captain of the Car
tagena, fresh water'f or his boilers un
less an old bill against the government
was paid, and the captain quietly sailed
away and never returned...
NASHVILLE LANDS MARINES.
COLON, Republic of Panama, Nov.
23. — There were two days at Colon
when a few Americans under the com
mand of Lieutenant Commander Wilt
sea, U. S. N., faced a desperate chance
and looked It calmly In the face. On
November 2 the United States gunboat
Nashville, Captain John Hubbard,
came into Colon. Her presence was
welcome on both sides of the Isthmus
to every, man concerned in the brew-
Ing secession movement, but the sur
face observer of affairs saw nothing to
make her coming necessary. Appar
ently there was no revolution and
traffic over the Panama railroad did
hot appear to be threatened.
The next morning (Tuesday) the Co
lombian gunboat -Cartagena unexpect
edly steamed Into Colon . with 450 Co
lombian troops on board. This news
was flashed over the wires to the other
side and the whole isthmus awakened.
At once there was nervous excitement
in Panama,: young men carried mes
sages hurriedly through the /streets;
secret consultations were held; wild
plans were discussed; some of the con
spirators were for acquitting, declar
ing there was no chance for success
with 450 Colombian soldiers in Colon,
and .that the opportunity had been
lost, while others Insisted on imme
diate action.
With the gunboat Cartagena came
two Colombian generals, Amaya and
Tovor, and Colonel Torres, all ignorant
of the headway of the secession move
ment. The arrival of the Cartagena
forced the hands of the secessionists
and those who advocated action finally
prevailed.
HUBBABD CLOSES. RAILROAD.
"Roomers in the house at once applied
oil and other remedies to the burned
body of Mrs. Pisani and a call was sent
for a doctor and ambulance from the
Central Emergency Hospital..
When the ambulance arrived Mrs. Pi
sani was conscious and she positively
refused to be removed to the hospital.
Shortly afterward Mrs. Dr. E. E. Mc-
Kay was summoned and everything
possible was done to alleviate the in
jured woman's sufferings. Medical aid,
however, was without avail, and Mrs.
Pisani died at 4 p. m. Her body was
removed to the Morgue.
A rumor was circulated that the
woman's husband had been heard
quarreling with her shortly before the
accident and Detective O'Day investi
gated the case and found there was ab
solutely no foundation for the rumor.
Mrs. • William O'Brien, a lodger in
the house, who helped to put out the
burning clothing of Mrs. 'Pisani and to
minister »to the injured woman, in
formed Detective O'Day that. Mrs. Pi
sani had told her how the accident had
happened.
Pisani stated yesterday that his wife
was in the habit of. using oif*to start
fires and that he had repeatedly
warned her as to the danger of the
practice.
Mrs. John Pisani, 39 years of age,
wife of a teamster, who resided with
her husband in a lodging-house at HIS
Howard street, was fatally burned yes
terday as the result of lighting a fire
in a cooking stove with Illuminating
oil.
The unfortunate woman was about
to prepare the noonday meal, and in
order to make the wood fire burn read
ily, poured oil from a can on the al
ready lighted wood.
The oil blazed up and enveloped Mrs.
Pisani in flames. She was dressed in a
calico wrapper and apron and rushed
from her room to a porch, her cloth
ins being a mass of flames. Her hus
band, who was about to enter the room
when the accident took place, was
thrust aside by the frenzied wife.
Mrs. Pisani dashed screaming along
the porch and some of the roomers en
veloped her quickly, in a rug while her
husband threw a bucket of water over
her and extinguished her burning cloth
ing.
OAKLAND REALTY
MARKET ACTIVE
"WASHINGTON, Dee. 6.— Monsignor
O'Connell, rector of the Catholic Uni
versity, narrowly escaped death this
evening. An electric car struck a cab
in which he was seated, demolishing
the vehicle, hurling the horse back
ward, to the bottom of an open sewer
thirty feet deep and leaving the priest
unharmed on the brink of au excava
tion.
The accident occurred a few hundred
yards from the entrance gate of the
university. Mgr. O'Connell, after satis
fying himself that his driver was safe,
looked over the edge of the deep sewer.
"It's an act of merciful providence.
There is a God in Israel," he said, tear
fully and reverently. "I do not under
stand how I escaped with my life, or
why the disaster -was not an appalling
one. It will always be a mystery to
me, and nothing but the mercy of Al
mighty God saved me, protected my
driver and preserved the lire of a faith
ful horse."
Cabman Dan Callahan, who it was
thought was killed, escaped with a
sprained arm. ¦ ,
When the brakemen got to McKee he
had been frightened into a reasonable
state of sobriety. He was plucked
from his perilous perch and sent to the
Receiving Hospital. Steward Borchert
examined his patient ana pronounced
him to be unharmed. After that the
police took charge of McKee.
In the midst of his efforts to dear
the rails McKee ran afoul of a freight
train's locomotive that was pulling and
puffing its way through the city. The
belated and beerladen wayfarer could
not dodg-e anything bigger than a peb
ble, and barely that. So the engine
struck McKee. Instead of grinding
him into mangled bits, this condescend
ing locomotive picked up the helpless
obstruction and laid him across the
cowcatcher, where McKee was held
during a run of several hundred feet.
A train hand discovered the pilot's pas
senger.
PickM up by the pilot and carried
two blocks, -while teetering on the edge
of the Insecure resting place, then es
caping without a scratch, was the ex
perience of Frank McKee, a laborer,
this morning in an encounter with a
Southern Pacific freight train at First
street and Broadway.
McKee had been enjoying himself
during the early part of the evening.
His dalliance over the beer that steams
and likewise cheers had put Frank a
bit to the wrong side- He had essayed
to find his way to lodgings at the lower
end of town, but during his peregrina
tions etumbled across the railroad
tracks along First street.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway. Dec 6.
Befuddled Pedestrian Carried
Two Blocks Escapes
UnscratchecL
Injured Woman Refuses to Be
Removed to the Hos
>V P ital -
Midnight Blaze Causes Loss
Estimated to Be Nearly
$60,000.
Daring Robber Brought
to Earth by Game
Policeman.
Natives Refuse to Hoist His
Flag, He Fires and
Is Slain.
Vehicle Is Smashed, but Rec
tor, Driver and Horse
Are Slightly Hurt.
Hold at Bay Colombian Sol
diers Landed From Gun
boat Cartagena.
Fatal Visit of Italian
Lieutenant to So
maliland.
Locomotive Cowcatcher
Picks Up Drunken
Wayfarer.
Electric Gar Strikes Cab
Carrying- Monsignor
O'ConnelL
Stables and Warehouses
on Seventh Street
Burned,
Mrs. J. Pisani Fatally
Burned While Light
ing Fire.
Marines Play Prominent
Part in. Secession
Movement.
THUG FALLS
WOUNDED AND
BOY IS SHOT
SHELL FROM FORT
KILLS AN O FFICER
ENGINE PILOT
SAVES A LIFE
OIL IN STOVE
CAUSES DEATH
FIFTY HORSES
PERISH IN FIRE
LIFE OF PRlEST
HAS CLOSE CALL
AMERICAN TARS
SAVE ISTHMIANS
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. DECEMBER 7, 1903.
. The practice of fencing: has been re
vived among young Japanese noble
women,'. r>
It-is estimated that nearly all the pine
timber now growing in Minnesota (about
30,000,000 fect)-will be cut and marketed
within the next- fifteen' years,*
Pen troubles disappear when you get a
fountain pen that fits your hand. Having
all kinds we can flt any hand. Prices
from $1.00 to J5.00 each. Sanborn. Vail &
Co., 741 Market street, selling agents for
the 'Waterman," "Regal" and "Marshall"
ipuntain pens. * •
"/Thomas' J. Weaver, a . carriage
painter, 7 0 years of j age and residing
at 1127 "Alabama street, was thrown
from v his bicycle yesterday; afternoon
in Golden • Gate \ Park and sustained , a
fracture of the left hipbone, and severe
lacerations , ; of .the scalp. : He -Twas
treated ; at i the Park Emergency. Hos-
Thrown From Bicycle.
ROME, Dec. 6.— Monsignor Zeriflnl
Benedictine, archbishop of Sholeto-, has
been appointed by the Vatican* apostol
ic delegate to Mexico. It is hoped by
the .Vatican authorities that this ap
pointment will lead to a resumption of
the relations between Mexico and the
Holy See, interrupted since the execu
tion of Emperor Maximilian.
POPE PIUS COURTS
MEXICO'S FRIENDSHIP
4. PyroRraphy, outfits and things to burn
in wood 'and ' leather. VWe - are agents for
\yinsor.; & . Newton, • makers - of < the best
artist: materials '.in. the world. Sanborn,
,Vail&;Co. f "741*Market street..--., i* .•
. The 'California Women's Whist
League opened a new series of
duplicate .whist on Thursday, De
cember V Z, r \ eighteen tables • being
filled. Several new -> members - were
present ',; to ; begin the series /and
the directors highly, pleased I with
the attehdancer which proved how pop
ular the team work: has become. -High
scores were made by ';, Misses 'Young,
Averili, : Deerlng, : Snook, ' E. . Duffey,
Peters, Russell'; and - Gulssinb, Korts,
McCartney,' - : ,Teague." . Morrill,; Miller,
Ryan,* jStandish 1 and "Andrews. : r
/; The r ~ directors 'held their ; 'regular
CLUB PARTIES.
Mr. ar.d Mrsl P. H. Bernstein an
nounce the barmitzvah of their son *
Sydney on Saturday. December 12. in
the Synagogue, Stockton and California
streets, at 9:20 a. m. Reception at res
idence, 1415A Jackson street, Sunday
the 13th. from 2 to 5 p. —
Mr. and Mrs. Ralph Lobenstein (nee
Fleishman) have returned frc-nv their
wedding trip and will receive Sunday.
December 12 at their home, 127 Steiner
street.
Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Fickenscher will
receive their friends from 3 to 5 o'clock
on the first and second Sunday after
noons of each month.
Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Oppenheim have
removed to the Hc-tel Bristol. 1328 Sut
ter street. Mrs. Oppenheim will be at
home on first ' Mondays.
Mr. Leon S. .Rosenhlatt of Portland,
Or., is a euest of his brother. Henry
Rosenblatt. 1911 Pacific avenue.
Mr. and Mrs. S. L. Kline have re
turned from>their Eastern trip and will
spend the winter at their ' home. 1630
Hayes street.
Mrs. C. A. Neumeister. wife of Dr.
A. E. Xeumeister, has arrived from
Kansas City, Mo., and will receive her
friends at 944 Post street.
PERSONALS.
was scrubbed and combed and taken to
school, but it took the star— that magi
cal;, star on the .breast of a .brave, po
llceman—to produce the desired effect.
My best efforts at "moral suasion" were
entirely. wasted on desert air.
With thecoming of the new, : term,; let
us hope that the little Marys and their
brothers may be in by the
protecting arm : of the new law and,
while i it may create a few hardships
for a few worthy parents, it . is for the
greatest ; good to the greatest number
and it' is ,with : the children: of -the poor
that we,' the club * women of i Sari 1 Fran
cisco, must first concern ourselves. "And
that concern extends ¦ to every .man and
woman who- loves children and: who
gives" thought 'to* the future' welfare 'of
society. ¦ '
C. H. Markham, president of the
Houston and Texas Railroad, and R. S.
Lovett, chief -counsel of the Harriman
lines, who have been in the city for a
"\veek, departed for the south last even-
• R. M. Green, a mining man of Oro
ville, is at the Lick.
George I... Hoxie, an attorney of
Fresno, is at the Lick. \
Arthur Levinsky, an attorney of
Stockton, is at the Palace.
E. L. Finley, a newspaper man of
Santa-Rosa, is at the California. -
' J. W. Roberts, son of one of Ma
dera's well known bankers, Is at the
Palace.
Dr. E. D/Olmstead of Spokane is at
the Lick.
PERSONAL MENTION.
"State Controller Colgan has address
ed a letter to Governor' Pardee inform
ing him of the facts. It appears that
in every State where the 5 per cent
commission is allowed, the State was
admitted into the Union with an enab
ling act calling for such an award.
This was not done in the case of Cali
fornia, however, and hence it has never
enjoyed its percentage from the sale of
public lands. -Several bills have been
introduced in Congress in California's
interest, but' they were in each liir
stance loaded down with [ other pro
visions and suffered defeat. ¦ A re
newed effort will be made to- secure
California Its commissions.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 5.— If Califor
nia-can secure the commissions on the
sale of Government lands which are
awarded* to other States, it is esti
mated that the State school fund will
profit to. the extent of $1,000,000.
California -May Yet Be Enabled to
Secure Commission on Land
Sales.
STATE SCHOOL FUND
MAY GET A MILLION
Gertrude E. Flnnerty. France* M. Purcell.
Margaret A. Lee, Rose C. Forde,- Marv C. Per
kins. Josephine C. ,gteinman.- Mary T. Curtln,
Winnie A. Nolan. Annie V. Steele. Anna C.
Peters', Louise M. Murphy, Mary A. Mehen,
Annie E. GlIlesDle. Delia E. Keeney. Jean
ftte C. Merelcr. Rose M. Nnziglia. Luella M.
Miller. Mildred A. Robertson. Rose A. Cun
niricham. Lena M. Knickerbocker. Annie M.
McGeo. Mary B. Bailey. Elizabeth C. Ahem.
Kate M. Haley. Violet V. Murray, Lena M.
Dundero, Edith E. HUpert. Florence E. Man
ning-. Dobres G. Mannlntr, Mary A. Kapler.
Annie C. Grieve. Irene V. Madden.- Ellen V.
Begley. Pearl L. Bauer. Vera C. Harrold. Mar
saretL. McFadden. Frances A. Finn. Delphine
M. Rice. A*n«-s A. McFadden. Mary A. Shea,
Anita A. Refcll. Lizzie C. Ault,, Veronica C.
Groton.' K&te E. Dee. ~-Jtlta • M.- Conway. * Jo
sephine M. Judwlch. Mary T. Sculletn, Teresa
Elvira McLaughlln, Amanda C. Olsen. Carrie
M. Atkinson. Madeline I. Galvln, Mary M.
Carr Nellie -L. Kernan. . Gertrude A. Scholten.
Myrtle A. Lynch; Elizabeth M. Kelly.- Gene
vieve A. Grlney. Anna J. McGlnerty. Frances
C. Roeerson, Mary C. Tehaney. Sarah A. Han
sen. Josephine L. Jensen. Catherine A. Resran.
Frances A. Curley. Agnes C. Stanford. Ethel
Agn^s Punphy. Mary A. GrtfTo, Kate C.
Lynch, Teresa V. McNeil. Loretta F. Clark.
Lizzie A. Estelita. Carrie E. Martin. Catherine
L. Wrod. Annie F. Morton. Margaret A. Lynch.
May C. O'Connor. Gertrude C. Kenny, Joseph
ine H. Finn. Edna G. Borden. Ethel A. Llne
han Belle C. Lucas. Mattie C. Lambert. Bes
sie A. McGulre.
Charles P. Kyan. Joseph J. Keaney, John J.
Lavellc, Georgo J. Bruns, I'hllip P. Quill. Jo
«eph F. Gleaeon, Bryan J. O'Connor, Oeoree J.
Beekman. William J. Sullivan. Daniel M. Mc-
Neil, Thomas J. Maher. James D. Feeney, Wil
liam E. Graham, Joseph T. Shea, Chesley J.
Happold. Edward A. Smith, Edward J. Archer.
James P. Preaty. Vincent A. Gonzales. Hugh
J. McNulty. James P. Kerwln. John M. Rowan,
'Andrew C Therwell. Ambrose L. Milton. Tim
othy T. Shea, Edward A. McConalo^ue. Michael
I. Dougherty. Matthew S. Ryan. Joseph J.
Murray, John P. Silk. Martin M. Griffin. Rich
ard F. Cassidy, John J. Flnnerty. Gustave P.
Peters. John F. Lee. Thomas B. Geary. Francis
H. Johnston, Daniel J. Xozltlla, Franklin' J.
Mercier. John H. Ash. William A. Brennan.
George P. Jory, Joseph A. Goane. Joseph J.
O'Connor. James P. Kelley. Charles T. Weback.
George H. Marlowe. John V. Tulte. Edward A.
Joyce, Eugene W. Kelly, John J. Flannery,
Louis F. Lewis. William M. Kelly, Joseph A.
Doherty. Alfred J. Fair, Leslie M. O'Halr.
Oliver M. Cullen. Charles T. Narel. Edward
J. Doyle. Harold D. Bertram. Joseph J. Man
ning, Joseph A. Hussey. James J. Murphy,
Lawrence P. Furlong, Stephen J. Pratt, Clar
ence P. Wessela, Thomas W. Sayers, Harry A.
Dunn. 6
His Grace Archbishop Montgomery
administered confirmation to a large
number of boys and girls yesterday
afternoon at St. Patrick's Church; on
Mission street, between Third and
Fourth. The chunch was crowded to
the doors with the parents, other rela
tives and friends of the little children
who were receiving their confirmation.
The sermon was preached by Arch
bishop Montgomery. He dwelt on the
reasons why parents should send their
children to the Catholic schools. The
good works of the Catholics were
lauded by the prelate.
The services were very appropriate
and the little -girls looked pretty as
they filed before the altar. A short ad
dress on temperance was given the
boys before they gave their promise to
abstain from intoxicating 'liquors.
Those who received confirmation
were:
A very pretty wedding took place a.t
the home of Mrs. Bolesworth, 201 Ply
mouth avenue. Ocean View, Wednes
day evening, November 18, when Miss
Olive Bolesworth and Louis Good, both
of Ocean View, . were united in mar
riage. The ; ceremony was performed
by the Rev. Father. Cooper in the pres
ence" of a large number of, friends.
The^ bride was . given away by \ her
father and attended by her sister,; Miss
Ethel^whlle Fred Good, brother. of the
groom, acted as best man. '
¦Many handsome gifts were displayed
in -the .beautifully, decorated rooms.
Supper, followed the ceremony, and later
In the /evening Mr. and Mrs. - Good left
for a ' honeymoon at Sah Jose.
Among: those present were: x Mr. and
Mrs. -Kiepen, Mr. and Mrs. B. Kraft,
Mr. and -Mrs. F. ,Winkler, Mr. arid
Mrs. A. 'Roberts, Dr. and Mrs. Varidre,
MrV and ; Mrs."G. Musell/ Mr. and Mrs.
J. 'Mclnerney,' Mr. and Mrs. E. Hood,
Mr. and Mrs. J. Kerrigan, Mr. and Mrs.
J. McClellam, Mrs. J. -Hayden, Mr.
and Mrs. F. Price^Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Scott, Mr. and Mrs. P. Pellegreni. Mr.
and Mrs. W.Watson, Mr.' and Mrs. B.
Bolesworth, ; Miss Good and Mr. Hem
mings and others. ,
Miss Thompson is a petite brunette
and popular in the circle in which she
troves. She is a prominent member of
Young Ladies' Institute No. if She is
the daughter of William O. Thompson.
Mfi Aschman is a prominent mining
man of Phoenix; Ariz.
¦-. ,¦ ¦ ' '.\ ' • • • .1
» The marriage ceremony of Miss Alice
M. Thompson arid Frederick J. Asch
man was quietly solemnized Wednes
day evening at St. Vincent de Paul's
Church! .' •
The bride was attired in a blue trav
elir.K-suit with white picture hat and
carried an ivory prayer book. She was
ariended by Miss Ethel Thompson,
ina'd of. honoi". Alonzo Davidson was
groomsman. Father Ryan performed
the ceremony. Snpper was served later
at a downtown restaurant, after which
the trlde and groom departed.
After "a brief honeymoon the young
ccuple will go to housekeeping in their
r^w hojne, which-^tho groom presents
his bride as a wectdins gift.
The romance is the hapj^y culmina
tion of a courtship which dates back to
their school days. .
Miss Bertha Cornforth, only daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. Harold Cornforth, and
Charles Francis Aaron were the princi
pals at a very pretty church wedding
in Marysville on Wednesday evening.
St. 'John's 'Episcopal Church was the
scene of the sacred service, which -.vas
conducted by Rev. William . - H. Stoy.
The floral decorations were lavish and
in excellent taste.
. The bride was attended by Miss Clif
ton Swischer, maid of honor, and Miss
Walton and Miss, Wilbur, bridesmaids.
Harry B. P. Carden.was best man. The
ushers were Robert F. Watson and Ar
thur H. Redington. . ?
The marriase was followed by a re
ception aad supper at the Cornforth
residence.
Mr. anrl Mrs. Aaron, upon their re
turn from their wedding trip, will re
side in a new home th.'.y have recently
purchased from Mrs. N. Rideout on* D
street. .
A brilliant social event in Sacramento
was the wedding of Miss Clara L.
Phipps and John P. Onstott Jr., which
took place en Wednesday last at the
residence of the bride's parents, Mr.
and Mrs. Charles E. Phipps. 1418 N
street. The Right Rev.. William Hah
Moreland conducted the marria'ge and
read the full Episcopal service. The
bride was attended by her sister. Miss
Maud Phipps. maid of honor, and Miss
Dora L. Onstott, ' sister of the groom,
and Miss Marie Weldon, cousin of the
bride, were bridesmaids. J. Glen On
stott of Tuba City, the groom's cousin,
was best man.
Mr. and Mrs. Onstott are visiting the
south on their honeymoon.
WEDDINGS.
The engagement reception of Miss
Tillie Savannah and Louis Hirsch was
held .last Sunday at 606 Fell street. .
The engagement of Miss Florence M.
Handy of Ukiah to George B. Scott of
Honolulu is announced.
• • •
An engagement of considerable, local
interest has just been announced in
Los Angeles. The principals are Miss
Viola Winter and Fielding J. Stilson.
The bride-to-be is a daughter of Will
iam Winter of New York, dean" of
American dramatic critics. The groom
elect is a young business man in Los
Angeles,, a member of Mayor Snyder's
Art Commission and secretary of the
University Club and a member of the
Phi Delta Theta Fraternity of the
California University. No date is set
for the wedding.
• . •
Mr. and Mrs. Theo. Bernheim of
Portland, Or., announce the engage
ment of their daughter, Miss May
Koshland, to Philip I. Jacoby of this
ENGAGEMENTS.
?¦- —
St. Patrick's Church Scene
of Sunday Afternoon
";;;/<: Services.-
Archbishop Montgom
ery Gives Pledge to
Boys and Girls.
It was the existence of these condi
tions that called forth. In 1874. the
enactment of a law by the Legislature
called the "compulsory education
law," wherein "every child between
FIBST LAW A FAILUBE.
The greatest problem that confronts
the people to-day is not the Panama
affair, nor the tariff matter, nor any
of the politico-commercial questions
that conjure up special sessions of
Congress and call forth platfrom
platitudes and editorial eloquence, but
it is a matter that concerns the chil
dren of the toilers, those millions of
children that a few years hence will
be called upon to assum^the duties
of citizenship, and to whom will fall
the solution of such of our social and
economic problems as are solvable
with the means at hand. And that
these children may be properly
equipped to meet these conditions, it
is necessary that they secure such ed
ucation as •will render them at least
intelligent being*, capable of under
standing the rights and duties that
come with the accession to manhood
tnd womanhood. And since educa
tion makes for the development of
character, and character Is the key
stone of good citizenship, then the
only safeguard of our nation lies in
the proper education of our children.
Now, "Wherefore these platitudes?"
says the cheerful unobserver. "Didn't
we solve that problem long ago when
we established our public school sys
tem, under which every child who
wants it can obtain a free educa
tion?" Ah: therein lies the problem
— in the clause. "Who wants it?"
And the problem is enlarged by an
other clause, "Whose parents or
guardians permit him to take it."
Clearly, under the law. every child
has the right to acquire an education,
but what of the children who refuse
to accept the state's munificent of
fer and who prefer the liberties and
licenses of the street instead? And
what of those parents and gfcardians
who will not, or cannot, see to it
that their boys and girls accept the
education thus iirovided for them?
And what of that class of parents
who turn their progeny out to work
during the years that should be spent
In the schoolroom?
B7 Laura Bride Powers.
The new law calls for the appoint
ment of one attendance officer (truant
officer) for every 20.000 children, whose
duty it shall be to respond to calls
from the principals in his district, and
to visit the homes of such absentees as
the ages of S and 14 years shall
go to school for at least two-thirds of
the school year, twelve weeks of which
shall be consecutive," etc., and then
came the enumeration of the "excep
tions" that punctured the law so full
of holes as to render it Valueless. So
far as kno\yn no prosecution of parents
or guardians was ever obtained under
the law, although violations of the
spirit of the enactment were manifest
wherever boys and schools were con
tiguous. - ' ; " .
That flagrant violations of the law
existed in San Francisco was well
known to many men and women inter
ested in ttte rights of children, the re
sult of which was a combined effort to
ward the enactment of a new law upon
compulsory* education, and at the last
session of the Legislature such a meas
ure was adopted. Women from the Cal
ifornia Club and from the Settlement
districts went before the legislators and
explained the duty that the State owed
to itself, and urged that a . law be
framed without the flaws of its prede
cessor, and this is what they gave us,
briefly: Every parent or guardian hav
ing control of a child between the ages
of S and 14 shall send such child to
school at least during five months of
the year, eighteen weeks of which
must be consecutive, unless it be proved
to the Board of Education that the
child is ill. or the parents extremely
ill or poor, or that the parents need the
support of said child; failure to comply
with said regulations is punishable by
arrest on the charge of misdemeanor,
and on conviction a fine from 510 to J50
or imprisonment from five to twenty
five days, or both, may be imposed. So
says the law! And its "say" has really
proved of some benefit, although its
prosecution has not been as vigilant as
-its projectors had hoped. Too many
loopholes? Well, perhaps. '
Now, the women's clubs have under
taken the task of helping the educa
tional authorities In the work, notably
the California Club, the Settlement
clubs and the Associated Charities, and
these are now busily engaged In com
piling reports upon this all-Important
question, which Superintendent Lang
don and Mr. '^Woodward of the Board of
Education are anxiously awaiting.
As to the appointment of the new
"attendance officers," there seems to be
no immediate necessity for change in
the method now in progress, save, per
haps, the appointment of one or two
more to assist in the work. Mr. Wood
ward declares there are no funds
wherewith to pay "attendance officers"
at present, two police officers in citi
zens' clothes detailed by Chief Witt
man attending to the duties and seem
to perform those services very satisfac
torily. It is true they are not specially
"trained" to the work, but both are
men of kindly nature and seemingly
understand the duties. It was my priv
ilege to accompany Mr. Floyd upon his
rounds of "rounding up" derelicts in
the Latin quarter and noted the tact
and intelligence with which he handled
the little' tykes of the cul-de-sacs "that
thread Telegraph Hill. Here, by the
way, is the heaviest Vork to be done,
for here Is the law violated with the
connivance of full knowledge of the
parents.' Little chaps whose". business
Is wtyh books. are out selling limes or
matches, ducks, etc., with fathers
or often on their own account,- and, It
is a fact that many of -these*, fathers
own the houses in which ! they dwell
and make a good return of their day's
perambulations,, but "are afflicted with
the "get-rich-quick" fever and crave
the nickels the little chaps bring home.
But here in this: new Italy, where ba
bies grow like mushrooms and there's
ever room for one more, . e'en though
the roof tree consists of but two or three
cubbyholes, there Is the reign of simple
happiness and -radiant • content. .No
jarring note of quarrel or „ complaint
was "heard in our rounds, but a / soft
and smiling declination to comply .with
the officer's request that Mary be-sent
to school. "But -she's.- ray • girl. ; She
must help\me wash, Slgnor," saysan
interpreter, voicing the protest of * a
smiling young mother with a lusty^ in
fant under one arm • and a tiny tyke
at her skirt. Needed her'to help with
the. washing! Ah, me!
Little Mary had " begun her drudgery,
early in her tiny career, and yet there
was the overburdened mother. Well.the
officer, convinced the mother, who had
never heard "of the Rooseyeltlah j cru
sade that, -washing or no washing, Mary,
would ; have to- go : to school,"- and go
then: - So Mary, black eyed and pretty;
BEGIN DRUDGING EABLY.
As for San Francisco, there is no ap
parent ' reason, why. Superintendent
Langdon's recommendation to the
Board of Education, dated July 18.
should not be acted upon at the begin
ning of next term. And it is to this
end that th3 clubwomen are bestirring
themselves to assist in the work, which
assistance the School Board has gra
ciously consented to accept.
j During a recent address to the Cali
¦ fornla Club Miss Stebbins, the proba
! tlon officer of the Juvenile Court,, made
' the Interesting statement that in the
325 cases of boys and the twenty-five
girls that have come under her super
vision since May, the largest number
have come from homes of drunkard
parent?, one or both; the /econd larg
est, where the parents had been sep
i arated, and the breadwinning and the
homemaking devolved upon one parent,
and the third class, where a step-par
ent, usually a stepmother, had been
Introduced into the household. Here is
a negative tribute to the economic val
ue of a home — a home In Its true sense,
with its order, comfort and protecting
love — as the most potent factor in the
development of character. But what is
to be done for the children who showed
a lack of discrimination in their selec
tion "of parents? Are we justified to see
them wander at will into the byways
of idleness, ignorance and crime sim
ply because their natural' protectors
have failed to fulfill their obligations?
Clearly we as a progressive and intelli
gent people must put forth our best ef
forts for these unhappy children. firBt,
for the humanitarian reason of saving
these fellow beings from ruin, and sec
ond, for the selfish reason of saving
ourselves from them. Now, the new
law makes provision for these wards of
the people by enabling us to establish
"parental schools," such as are in suc
cessful operation in many Eastern
cities. These schools are of two types,
one the "Parental Day Schools." where
occasional truants>a.nd "mild" incorrig-
Ibles whose home Influences are healthy
may attend.^ The hours are longer than
those of the regular school, and the
hands are given much to do. Manual
training and military drill are inter
spersed with elementary school work,
and numerous cases are recorded where
exemplary boys have emerged from the
active course given in this ungraded
school. But, to be' sure, success de
pends largely upon the personal effi
ciency of the teacher. Then, for the
class whose homes are parodies on the
name, and where discord and vicious
conditions exist, there is the "Parental
Boarding School," where the children
are housed and maintained. In addition
to the training given in the "Parental
Day School." Juvenile criminals are
not received in either of these schools,
but are sent to the "Reform Schools,"
such as this State maintains at Whit
tier and lone. Boston, Chicago, New
York, Albany, Brooklyn and many oth
er. Eastern cities maintain both types
of parental schools, while a few have
as yet adopted the first class only.
directed, learning the cause of such ab
sence, or if truancy (which, by the way,
is not classed as a crime) has been per
petrated. Now, many a "lad neither
vicious nor incorrigible has "played
hookey," and so has his father before
him. But It is not that lad that the
law 1b made to reach. It's the fellow
that has defied authority at school,
either because his interest in school has
not been roused or because he -is idle
and rebellious and prefers to "loaf"
around the streets, parks or wharves
with his gang. Of this class there are
two species — one whose parents co-op
erate, to the best of their ability, with
the attendance officer and the teacher,
and the second species, whese parents
are. totally indifferent in the matter.
This is the class from which the thugs
and highwaymen are recruited. And it
is therefore this class with which we
are most concerned, and with which
the "compulsory education law" must
be made to reach. :t'A'l
VALUE OF THE HOME.
HOME PABTIS.
>rt One of the most enjoyable and unique
social functions last week was a "ouiz
" The Majesties will . give a dance at
Mission Opera Hall on Tuesday even
ing, December 15.
The Twentieth Century Missionites,
a musical social club, will give an in
augural entertainment and musicale at
Mission Opera Hall next Saturday
evening.' The following programme
will 1 be- presented:
Overture, orchestra;, recitation. Otto
Ryst; song, Miss E: Thorn psoh; musical
act, George Bralye; recitation, Nels
Bralye;. 'comic Impersonations, Miss
May Pettee; vocal solo," Miss Maud
Pettee;, Instrumental quartet, selected
magical act, Charles Bloom.
Dancing will ; follow the programme
and a full orchestra from the member
snip will render the music. .
One of the prettiest features was the
grand march of the hundred seniors
with their Junior partners through an
arch of green Intermingled with red
berriesVwhich was upheld by the Senior
"twins" in light green dresses. .The J.
D. Hynes* orchestra rendered the dance
music "excellently. A pineapple lemo
nade was served. The dance was a
great success and the finest of its kind
ever held in the High School. Miss
Liehl, the class president, was aided
by the executive committee, Misses Lil
ian B. Co trel. (chairman). Corlnne Grad
wohl, Anita Rose, Ethel Northern, Lucy
Jourd^n, Charlotte Estes and Marian
F. Cotrel, and the reception committee.
Misses -Paula Wright ifnd , Marjorie
Buffington^BBH
The Seniors of the' Girls' High School
gave a very delightful dance on No
vember 25 as ee welcome to the "Baby
Juniors."- The \ large auditorium was
tastefully decorated with choice potted
plants ¦ and greens from the conserva
tory* and garden of the school.
The Rialto Social and Outing Club
gave a delightful party to Miss Mamie
de Sparr at her residence, 3417 Twenty
sixth street, on Thanksgiving evening.
Music and dancing were enjoyed until
a late hour.
Those who attended were Thomas
McGovern, Mrs. T. McGovern, John
Makows£i. 'Mrs. J. Makowski, John
Kamna, Miss Alice Nelson, James-Cru
den, Miss Mamie de Sparr, Armand
Amiot. Miss G. Nelson, A. Lippi, Miss
Louise Amiot. E. de Sparr, Miss" Ora
Wilson," Ed. L.. Marden. Miss Clara
Vanderford, Robert de Sparr, Jennie
Amiot, .' E." King, Miss Rose Shauger,
A. H. Marden, Miss C. Giubbing, R.
Olivi, Miss Tyson, W. H. Quast, A. W.
Dickieson, I. P. Ostotoh, G. Mayle, Mrs.
Buickner, T. Otto, Miss Sadie Marden,
Miss L. Bickerstaff,' James O'Leary, B.
Pavlnielli and L. Schmmally.
Zeta Chapter of Delta Sigma Delta
will have an assembly at Golden Gate
Hall on Friday evening, December 11.
The patronesses are Mrs. C. L. God
dard. Mrs. W. V. Sharp, Mrs. L. Van
Orden, Mrs. L. L. Dunbar, Mrs. H. s.
Carlton, Mrs. J. G. Sharp.
• •¦ >• ¦¦-¦•
Among those present were: Miss
Nina Jean Cook. Miss Cornelia Far
rell, Miss Cara C. Jagger, Miss Mae
H. Snyder, Miss Anna Lowry, Miss
Maybelle Young, Miss Lena ' Gillis.
Miss Edna S. Hampton, Miss Mayme
Eagles, Miss Mae Cook, Miss Stella
Outsenf Miss Bertha Annand, Miss
Edna F. Farrell, Miss Mae Schulze,
Miss Lillian Baumgarten, Miss Mattie
Fried, Miss Maude Hall, Miss Mabel
Benjamin, Miss Queen Johnson,
Messrs. Frederick K. Blue, Cliff B.
Rushmere, J. E. Nelson, R. C. Jack
son, Phil Ossman, Hebbard H. Har
vey, Louis H. Frost, Al Dupont. A. C.
Outsen, Frank E. Arthur, Elmer Bett.
Arthur F. Schuster, R. T. Onyon,
George Matthai, Adolph J^ Alviso. Wal
ter Steers. J. B. Outsen. Carl Amick,
W. Mobley, Geo. W. Drew, J. D. Rich
ardson, A. J. Adams, Edgar Howard, A.
P. Tarleton, Jack Dempsey, M. E.
Browne, J. Arthur Sinclair, J. M. Ratto,
Robert B. Knox, James Grinsell, Eu
gene White, Mrs. Austin Coofc, Mrs. C.
H. Jagger, Mrs. R. Snyder and Mrs.
Charles Fajrell. i
The committee having the affair in
charge consisted of Mr. Frederick K.
Blue, president; Cliff B. Rushmer,
treasurer; Miss Nina Jean Cook, sec
retary; Miss Cornelia B.. Farrell, Mr.
J. E. Nelson, Miss Georgia W. Braun,
Miss Cara C. Jagger, Mr. R. C. Jack
son and Miss Mae H. Snyder.
The semi-monthly social of the
Romita Dancing Club was held Sat
urday evening, November 26. at Occi
dental Hall, Supreme Court building.
A bean-bag party, which had been an
nounced aa the particular feature of
the evening, excited much cariosity
among the members as to what jony
fication the committee of arrange
ments-had in store for the merry
makers. During the german the
secret was disclosed, when the dancers
were handed bean bags, and if was
explained to them .that they were ex
pected to throw the bags into the
holes of a receptacle which had been
provided for the feat, the dancers
standing in line at a distance of ten
feet from the target. . The successful
throwers had the privilege of select
ing his partner for the rest of the
german, and the unsuccessful were
obliged to go to the end of the line
to try again.
Refreshments 'were served after the
german and dancing was resumed un
til 11:30 o'clock.
The El Alma Club held its third re
ception Friday evening at Cotillon
Hall. The hall was decorated in red and
green. Sixty-four couples participated
In a delightful "night cap" german,
led by Benard Farrell, assisted by Miss
E. Thomsen.
monthly meeting in the morning and
admitted' four new members.
On Thursday, December 10, the mem
bers will play for club pins and Mrs.
Grace will instruct them in "63." There
will be no game on Thursday, Decem
ber 24. The straight whist prize on
Monday, November 30, was won by
Mrs. Frank Weston of Oakland.
Ladies Are Securing Data and Preparing Report Regarding
Children of Proper Age Who Fail to Take Advantage
of Educational Facilities Offered by State.
RECEIVE THEIR
CONFIRMATION
In the midst of the social season and
In the confusion of, Christmas shop
ping, dancing parties stand in the fore
ground as the most favored of all di
versions. The stimulating music and
the easy- rhythm of the waltz afford
rest for many a tired brain and those
who enjoy tripping . the light fantastic
insist- that the pleasure far outstrips
the fatigue that follows. Cotillon clubs
are flourishing and private homes are
the scenes of many delightful dances
as the season goes merrily on.
Dancing Parties Are at Front in Amusement Line Among Those
Who Believe, in Looking Upon Merry Side of Life and
Many Pleasant Affairs Are Enjoyed.
The following programme was excel
lently rendered: Piano duet. Misses A.
and C. Lighe; solo, Miss Annie Rooney;
reading, Eugene V. Sullivan; piano
solo, Howard Swift; solo, Mrs. George
Addison; barytone solo, Frank Scul
ly; contralto solo, Mrs. James Kelly;
remarks, by Hon. John T. Dare.
Those present were: Mr. and Mrs.
Sulsberg, Mr. and Mrs. James T. Swift,
Dr. and Mrs. Ragan, Mr. and Mr3. Eu
gene V. Sullivan. Mr. and Mrs. John
Meyers, Mr. and Mrs. George Addison.
Mr. and Mrs. Jottn T. Dare, Mr. and
Mrs. James Kelly, Mr. and Mrs. Harry
Finkler and Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Cut
ter, Mr. and Mrs. Sollenger, Mrs. An
nie Pleath, the Misses Annie Rooney,
Celia Tighe, Annie Tighe, Laura Mey
ers, Lillie Sulsberg. Gussie Anderson.
Annie Fennell, Mamie Cobine and
Pearl Sulsberg: Messrs, Fred Meyers,
Dr. F. Duncan. H. T. Schmidt, Frank
Sculley, James Merrill, J. Fennell,
Howard Swift, Victor A;»dler.
Mr. and Mrs. George Sulsberg gave
an enjoyable (house warming at their
new residenceV 1330 Haight street, on
Saturday evening, November 28, when
many friends were hospitably enter
tained.
The guests were: Mr. and Mrs.
Charles E. Hodges, Miss Eunice Gray
and the members of the Gamma Beta
Society; Misses Marie Burnham, Ger
aldine Brown, May Vorlius, Grace
Moore, Florence Ross, Helen Salisbury,
Hazel Patterson, Milola Ward, Emm?-
Chambers, Margaret Higgins, Florence
Judd. Helen Thoburn, Ruth Gilbert,
Pauline Gartzman, Belle Condery and
Helen Lewis. The Gamma Beta So
ciety is a local organization, formed
for the purpose of obtaining a charter
of Gamma Phi Beta, one of the most
exclusive of Eastern Greek letter socie>
ties -•>*
The table was decorated in carnations
and violets, which were of particular
significance to th^ guests.
Mr, and Mrs. Charles G. Lathrop of
Stanford University entertained at din
ner Wednesday evening in honor of
the members of the Gamma Beta So
ciety at Stanford. Covers were laid
for twenty-two and the dinner was
elaborate. The banquet hall, a recent
addition to their beautiful home, Alta
Vista, was opened for the occasion.
Mr. and Mrs. S. Flyshaker celebrated
their twenty-fifth anniversary to-day
at their residence, 763 Bu3h street, yea-
Mr. Briggs was tendered a reception
at his home, 318 Guerrero street, Mpn
dayevening, November 30. The guests
presented Mr. Briggs with a beautiful
smoking set. Supper was served in
the dining-room, which was handsome
ly decorated with autumn leaves and
great bunches of chrysanthemnms.
Those present were: Mr. and Mrs.
Dettill Briggs, Mr. and Mrs.. Turner,
Mrs. Williams, Dr. Zlllmer, Mrs. Mar
vin of Oakland. Mrs. Bohm. Miss Ma
mie Nolan, C. Keese. Mrs. Pickett. E.
Zohrn and Captain Seeley.
Among the guests were: Arthur
Cunningham. Miss Wentworlh Sea
right. Frank Frick. Miss Winnie Ep
stein. Albert Levy. Miss Gladys Sher
wood. Mr. Stone, Miss Ethel Sherwood.
Mr. Leidn^er. Mrs. Leidner. Mr. Lecari.
Mrs. Lecari, Miss Frances Lecari. Paul
Shayman, Mrs. Sophie Shayman, Mi33
Eva Levy, Miss Lynch, Miss Ceona
Bonnerville, Miss Helen GerAde.
On Saturday evening last a reception
was tendered Miss Frances Br»ntwein
of 927 Washington street, the occasion
being the fifteenth anniversary of the
young lady's birthday. The apartment3
were handsomely decorated with the
flora of California, and a most enter
taining musical programme was pre
sented. »
A pleasant party was given last
Saturday to Miss Irene Konisstein by
Miss Sadie Jacobson. Those present
were: Miss Gladys Goeggel. Miss
Josephine Levy, Sadie Ambor. Hazel
Mirky. Rose Carey, Gertie Hoffmann.
Edna Shirpser. Edna Goggel. Irving
Sharff, Alfred Konigstein. Sylvaia
Mirsky. Earl Roulller. Geraldo Koullier.
Harry Romaine, Sellg Rlchwater.
George Schneider and Arthur Wendt.
party." given by Miss Bertha Hammar
ieh and Miss Ingrid Hanson at the
home of the former on Wednesday
evening. Jhe parlors were daintily
decorated in Nile green, and the favors
for the evening were Nile groen ques
tion marks tied with a Dow of scarlet
ribbon. The winners of the lirst prizes
were Miss Mamie Hanlon anc 'James
Barnes, and Miss Elsie Gunzel and
George Maguire were tha recipients of
the consolation prizes.
WOM EN 'S CLU BS LEN D THEIR ASSISTANCE TO SCHOOL AUTHORITI ES
NUMEROUS SOCIAL FUNCTIONS BRING GAYETY ON WINTER NIGHTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY/ DECEMBER 7,* 1903.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LIVELY PIANO SELLING
Busy Days at Pommer-Eilers'. The Highest Grade Pianos
Being Closed Out at Immense Reductions. Choice New
Deckers, Hazletons and Kimbails Included. 653 Market
Street the Place. Easy Payments Prevail.
One week %%6 yertrrdty Porr.iner-Ellens Mu- , pi ioq .1
sic Company announced a piano sale, during uLAOO A I "1/
»rhich elegant n*-w hizh-grrade pianos were to This class includes medium Rra,de standard
be offered at cr>at reductions in price. make pianos, and are usually sold at $."500 and
One would hardiy imagine that the result* even as hiith as*33O. The . sale prices ' that
of a single announcement would be so great, prevail permit you to have a S300 piano for
The tremendous telling last week has ex- $1C7. . Some in this class- nell for'SHS SU7
c«=e<Jed al! na*t selling records, with one ex- while the regular |350 styles run ud to Vis
ceptJor. ana $226. " " ' "
Beautiful and costly Decker and Hazleton PI 100 D
and Kimball pianos, together with hundreds of uLAOO D .
otfatr choice and brand new instruments have This class includes high grade Piano.- of
been thrown en the market at prices simply national reputation, usually eold for $400 J45O
irrefiettbie. , ' „.».,... and .<"»0. During this sale they offer the S4M
The piano* in thi* sale are of the highest style for $2M the latne * ? o^ ,* 8^
claw. No betrer instruments are obtainable. roent8 for , 2 57 and f2C4. The *55O Krades sell
no matter where you po. Not a single piano for $345- j 327 and W i«, acc ording to th. style
i* *econd-r.and. not a eingle one is even to an d design of ' the ca'se.
much as «hopwom. ¦ . r. ,
WHY HOT ONE FOR CHRISTMAS ? ™. cl _ M^^^v^
Christmas time is drawing near and this, in Piano* and Grands. by makers of International
«¦ measure account* for the large volume of renown. The prices on these instruments vary
businefH dnne Thif **> t» an excellent cp- from JCOO to $1000 at regular selling. In order
portunity for the selection of a 'most accept- «o c!o-e them out quickly they have reduced
•ble Xma* tfft tn the way of a beautiful piano the price sn average of about $200 on each
a-, a asi-intc in »>r1ce sufficient to educate the instrument.
whole femily in'musJc. Tb* offer to s<"t aside ft! ice n n..i i»-«_^
-any Incrnmrat ordered and deliver at any l/LAoO U — UScOriflflOS
hour dcHgnatwd still holds goofl. TJlls claM offenj gom( , g0<)d money .. avU , s at _
IBTil flTC PlT-crifiTinM ' n CVIDVniir: tract!on »- ' I"* 1 * instruments offered are almost
AB:OUlTE SMiSFASTIUi ill fcV:HTO?lt «»•. having been only -lightly used. Their
_, ,¦»¦/ ' ,. ' „. „„_. tone etlll holds Its quality.; Following are a
It Ik inspiring to visit this great piano f tv -
and orr»n emporium, neliabllity. absolute j & C. Fischer large siae rosewood case,
safety and *ati*factton to the" purchaser l« im- good ton<? , je5 a Kroetrer. large size.' fancy
preri-ed U! >on On# atevery hand. Tou will fee walnut cse. ?1«J5. A Whitney, excellent con-
at enc* that, you aVe dealing ;wKh thoroughly dlt | on j lf3- A Kimball. rented a ehort time,
hone«t. uprijrht business men. who sell pianos wa i nut cafP | 245 An ivers & Pond fine con-
m merit alone and at prices made possible dltion, $1U3. A Hemrne & Long, ebony case,
only by the many unique and ur> to date ad- $n8 A Rocn i gch , uprtght German make
vantages posteetc-d by Pomnaer-Eller*. g^^ order jjyj . a Sherwood &-Co fancy
• -rift ¦ aii. mi- iii-rrrn mahogany upright. $128. A Singer, large oak
E'TIS A SIMPLE MATrER/ S . *££ £U U Z<* A - ZTZ?^. up "
f you have been thinking of purchasing a There. ere a doien other good • propositions,
no. or even if youV home Is -not supplied Th« ftrms of payment call for, f 10 or $12 down
with a rood piano, by all. means attend the smd'the balance at $4. ' $5 of SO -per month,
prcM-nt rale arid learn how you can .very,,***- according' to \ the piic* of the instrument.'
ily grt postesfion of a • really- fin* piano and To meet a strong an<3 urgent demand-it has
how eatily the payments may be arranged. The been decided to keep the store open -evenings
sum of $S or $C cr t S «r $10 paid each month until : this' nale. closes. 1 Don't forget • the place,
<p!u* eimrle Interest on deferred -payments) , b»ihi»« P h •¦. •..,#>.» _«. -
eecjjres an, ri-no in thU stock at nl« prices. • POMMER-E LERS . MUS C CO.
For ron«-enifnc<> the various makes have ••> , ~- . .. """"""' ",'"-• .
bers classified, viz. : 1633 Market : et.. . opp. the Chronicle building.There seems to be. a surplus of Con
gregational ministers. The Year Book
reports that 2047 ministers are without
pastoral charges. The denomination's
gain in ministers during the last thirty
years' has exceeded the gain in churches
by 250.
\ The attachment \ * levied by Federal \ authorities ? upon
Zion City marks the collapse of another absurd altruistic
Utopia fathered by a schemer and supported by dolts. It
is safe to predict the millennium when people realize that
they cannot do for others what others /won't "or can't do
for themselves. Dowiesiwill thrive as long as ; idiocy i is
a constituent element oth;tm?.n natuic.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California elace fruits and
candies, 50c a pound. In artistic fire
etched bolces. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st., above Call bids- *
THE annual report. of r Secretary of Agriculture Wil
son reviewing the production and exports of agri
cultural products shows that the favorable credit in
the balance of trade for the last" decade is due entirely to
the farmers. According to Secretary Wilson's report
balance of trade in favor of farm products during the
last fourteen years aggregated; $4,806,000,000. In;prod
ucts other than agricultural for .the same "term of /years
the balance of trade was adverse to this country to the
extent of. $865,090,000/ The increase of exports of farm
products for the last fifty years ending in 1901 he: shows
to have been from $147,000,006 to* $952,000,000. *
No more auspicious augury of the continued welfare of
the" country's trade interests could be found. The fact
that the favorable balance of trade of the nation depends
not upon the manufacture of, imported material -or : the
fabrication of home stuffs, but upon the actual produc«
tions of. the raw material— the staples of life— dembn- 1
THE BACKBONE OF TRADE.
Moro youth may be. led, within a
generation, into a broader conception
of life than the Arabian prophet ever
gained or. "revealed." Manual train
ing schools, experimental farms, the
making of highways and railroads, the
introduction of agricultural imple
ments which can cope with the cogan
grass, the reclamation of vast tracts
for the cultivation of : hemp, coffee
and sugar and the establishment of
mills and : factories — these will work
wonders.
It was said last -year that Moroa
would not work. More than 2000 of
them have been employed in Minda
nao alone during the year 1903.. .It
cannot, of course, be maintained that
these men are efficient laborers. EfB
ciency comes by training. Real labor
is something unauthorized^ by tradi
tion or * custom for any but slaves.
Moro who has wielded a pick
and shovel this year' has done what
his ancestors never did. This depart
ure j from time-honored example
means much to an Oriental. But the
love of I money is inherent, and the
Moros have ; made v a great deal of
it out of the American occupation. A
mounted Moro . police will, In my
Healthful Discipline.
Managers of the New York charita
ble institutions are expecting to bo
called upon to meet greatly increased
demands for help this winter. It can
scarcely be otherwise, owing to the
tafiX that at least 50,000 men of the
bclldlng trades were idle during most
of the summer, that probably 100,000
more were out for a long period be
cause of lockouts or strikes., and that
some 15,000 are still without work.
Thus the workers were obliged to
draw on their savings, or run up bill*,
because' any allowances from the
unions were wholly inadequate. Pres
ent earnings must go to meet current
bills, and very many will have nothing
to fall back upon when snow comes.
Drain on Charity.
"Speaker Cannon is the *DavId
Harum' of the American House of
Representatives," says a writer In
Review of Reviews. "He knows the
foibles and the weakness of human
nature. He is *up to* the tricks of all
the legislative horse-traders and ap
propriation log-rollers. He watches
everybody else and is thorough master
of himself. All that goes on about
him 13 a game which he very well un
derstands at every, turn and play, but
he doesn't preach or moralize about
it or Imagine himself so much better
than any one else. It amuses him and
he likes to see the wheels go around,
but you may be sure he takes good
care they do not go too fast or too
slow. To act as a sort of governor
upon the big, unwieldy machine of
the House of Representatives is noth
ing new for 'Uncle Joe.' This has
been his rol« for lo! these many
years."
Speaker Joe.
A well known art critic in the East
has written the following trite review
of the work of a famous painter of the
impressionistic school:
"Camille Pissarro, the French painter,
who died recently in Paris at the age of
73. was a native of the French Antilles,
but went to France at an early age. He
was a favorite pupil of Corot, but about
thirty years ago he became one of the
leaders of the Impressionistic school.
Pissarro's early work was idealistic.
as was natural to one who learned of
Corot, but his later development would
have much amazed that soul of sim
plicity and poetic vision. With Monet
and Slsley he led the vagary of rest
lessness and discomfort, with nature
in theatrical poses, trees as tremu
lous as reeds, water on the verge of.
catching fire, buildings as " fragile as
dreams, and the earth a hysterical
phantasmagoria. Pissarro was neither
so able as Monet nor so Incoherent as
Slsley, but he made one note In -the
cacophony of so-called impressionism,"
Fanciful Artist.
The Court — Well, say, I have a pretty
good, horse myself; how'd you like to
trade?
But before the defendant could an
swer the prosecuting attorney inter
vened: "Juat a moment, if your Honor
please.- As I said, I do not wish to see
any advantage taken of this man and
I insist on a postponement until he can
secure counsel Jo protect him."
The following Is told on the late
Judge Campbell when he was Police
Judge of this city. A prisoner was be
fore him for some petty crime, but had
no attorney. The prosecution, not
wishing to take undue advantage of the
prisoner, moved a postponement till he
could get a lawyer. Judge Campbell
said, "Oh, that's all right. This is a
small case. Let it go and I'll see that
the man's ¦ interests are protected."
During the trial the court undertook
to examine the defendant as follows:
The Court — What is your business? •
Defendant — Horse trading, your
Honor.
The Court— Ah! Have you any horses
at present?
Defendant — Yes, your Honor; two.
A Judicial Horse Trade.
Speed la likely to be the great dis
covery of the twentieth century. In
deed, motion especially adapted to
transportation seems to be our great
est aim. We still remember the thrill
with which we heard of the sixty
mile an hour train. It was nothing
short of wonderful. The'n came
seventy miles and ninety miles. Early
this year a , mono-railroad between
Manchester and Liverpool. England,
put the record up to 110 miles an
hour. We had hardly become accus
tomed to this, hardly passed the
stage of regarding it as a freak,
when from Germany came the news
that on the Marienfeld-Zossen Mili
tary Road an efectric car made a speed
of over 125 miles an hour. The news
came with the statement that even
higher records were expected, an ex
pectation that was realized a few
days later In the highest record yet
obtained — 130 2-5 miles an hour.
Though this record stands at the
present time of writing, it is not at
all unlikely that before this appears
in print a new one may be estab
lished. The engineers of the above
road have declared 150 miles per
hcjur as their goal. In light of pre
vtious results tts consummation is
not incredible. — Current Literature.
High Speed.
In reviewing Consul General Mason's report Senator
Frye says: "Mr. Mason states that twenty years ago, on
the initiative of Prince Birmarck, then Chancellor of the
German empire, the imperial Government bound itself
to pay a subsidy of 4,400,000 marks ($1,047,500) a year
for fifteen years to the North German Lloyd Steamship
Company for a line to Australia and the Orient, com
posed of vessels 'to be built in German yards of German
material and manned throughout by German subjects.'
Our Consul General goes on to show how this truly
'extraordinary' subsidy, and the accompanying require
ment that the subsidized ships should be built in German
yards, so~ stimulated construction in the empire that
?both the North German Lloyd and the Hamburg-Ameri
can companies were enabled to order home ships like the
Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse, Friedrich der Grosse, Koni
gin Luise,. Augusta Victoria, Furst Bismarck, Patricia
and Palatia: 'That they did this at all,' Consul General
Mason declares, 'was mainly due to the fact that they
were forced into it by an act of legislation.' And this
opinion that the celebrated German liners are thus the
direct fruit of state aid to German shipyards is con
firmed by. the_ specific statement of the report on steam
ship subsidies submitted to the Reichstag in" 1898 that 'all
experts assert that without the influence of the Govern
ment ocean mail service such a steamer as the Kaiser
Wilhelm der Grosse could not have been built.' And
this is equally true of Herr Ballin's great Deutschland."
The direct subsidies do not by any means constitute all
the aid given by the German .Government to German
shipping \lines. , Among other means of. promoting the
shipping industry of. the empire the Government has
given orders that all material used for shipbuilding in
German yards shall be carried by the state railroads at
bare cost of transportation. That of course means a
considerable bounty and is equivalent itself to a liberal
subsidy. ,
Havipg profited by such subsidies and other, govern
mental aids, the German shipping companies are now in
a position to compete with the British as carriers of the
world's commerce. They have carried the competition
so far that the British in their turn have had to ' grant
heavy. subsidies, such as that recently given to the Cunard
line. It is under such circumstances Herr/Ballin advises
us not to protect our ocean industries as we protect those
on land. " Doubtless the American people, will, perceive
the significance of the advice and know how to draw the
right conclusion from it. />.. " "
H ERR 'ALBERT BALLIN. director general of the
Hamburg- American Company, one of the largest
of German steamship corporations, recently
through the New York Herald made an earnest plea to
the American people to abstain from granting subsidies
to American shipping. The plea comes strangely from
an official of a company that has long received a very
large subsidy from his own Government^and whose pros
perity was virtually built up by governmental aid, but it
is not altogether unnatural. The fact is that Herr Bal
lin's company gets a large share of the American carry
ing trade, and would lose it were we to have a merchant
marine of our own. When those facts are taken into
consideration it will be seen that the plea of Herr Ballin
is nothing more than a suggestion to the American peo
ple that they leave their trade to foreign ship owners
and be content to pay the tribute, whjch of late years has
averaged about $200,000,000 a year.
Senator Frye, whose attention was called to the state
ment of the advice-giving director general, has re
sponded to it, citing the reports of Frank H. Mason,
our Consul General at Berlin, upon the means resorted
to by the Berlin Government to build up the German
merchant marine. These reports show clearly that the
great success the Germans have achieved of late in for
eign commerce is due almost wholly to the measures
adopted by Bismarck to provide liberal subsidies for
ships engaged in foreign trade. The example thus
worked out in practice is much more .worthy of American
attention than the advice of Herr Ballin that we do the
other thing. »
HERR BALLIN'S ADVICE.
A three-inch rapid-fire gun is favorably under consid
eration by the military 'authorities at Washington. The
popular size in San Francisco for pocket use appears to
be seven inches, if recent gun practice among our militant
citizens be any reflection of vogue. . *
Out of the place he stormed. In five
minutes McKenzie was in communica
tion with the general office. Ten min
utes later Division Superintendent
Wilder had received orders. By the
following noon McKenzie had a res
taurant outfit in full commission oper
ating down in the railroad yards, and
500 men a day were eating there at fig
ures so far below the. rates charged
along Seventh street that the "scab
signs" disappeared like magic.
William McKenzle, superintendent of
the ferry and river boat service of the
Southern Pacific Company, tells a good
story of the way he outwitted some of
the West Oakland strike sympathizers
during the great American Railway
Union strike in '94. J ;.;':
At that time McKenzie was master
mechanic 'of the western division of
the Southern Pacific Company, withal
one of the railroad's most popular offi
cials. But the strike fever was at high
pitch and Oakland as the terminus of
the largest division on the system felt
the brunt of it. One day when the
battle was at Its height < McKenzle
sauntered into a big restaurant at the
"Point," where many of the striking
railroad men had boarded. Stepping
to a place at the long counter, McKen
zie called for his meal.
"You can't eat here." blandly an
nounced the proprietor, pointing to a
large sign that hung in the window.
"No scabs fed here," was the legend
that greeted the astonished McKenzie's
eyes.
Unprofitable Sympathy.
According to advices from the Treas
ury Department the Government mill
at Philadelphia will cease to grind out
pennies for a time, there being now a
surplusage of this kind of currency In
the country. During the past five years
3,000,000,393 pennies have been shipped
from the Philadelphia Mint, which is
the onfy one that coins the one-cent
pieces, to various parts of the country.
Between July 1, 1902. and June 1, 1903,
89,600,000 cents were coined. If this
five-year output were collected In a
heap It would make a sizable stage
mountain at Iea3t. Placed side by side
In a straight line 3,000,000,000 pennies
would make a ribbon over 23,000 miles
long, and would come pretty near gird
ling the earth. Piled on top of one
another they would reach up toward
the stars for a distance that would
take a good many Eiffel towers to
equal, fdr it would be not less than
2400 miles — far out beyond the point
where the force of gravitation is sup
posed to be very active. Since, on the
ordinary basis of computation, there
are supposed to be about 29O,06o,0OO chil
dren in the world under ten years of
age. Uncle Sam would be able from
his present stock of pennies to give
each child on the earth ten copper
keepsakes and have enough left over
to fill a good-sized savings bank be
sides. So much for the penny crop.—
Leslie's Weekly.
Crop of Pennies.
opinion, prove to be, when properly
officered, one of the most efficient
bodies of native constabulary ever
organized. — From. "Progress Among
the Moros," by Cephas C. Bateman,
in the American Monthly Review of
Reviews for December.
These two influences within
womankind fight for man, and either
or both is often stronger than her
pleasure in. her work, her love of
independence and all the reasons
combined which keep her single.
Then weiffh the balance yet more
with a man whom she admires, hon
ors and loves, and there is but one
reason why woman does not marry —
she cannot. Therefore, if man wishes
the data concerning- matrimony and
educated women to change he has
simply to make himself the man
whom a woman of mind, heart and*
character will deaire, and surely it
is better to be chosen as a fine type
of higher manhood than as the payer
of bills. . The man, not his money,
In the compliment such a woman
pays him when she ceases to be the
•woman who does not wish, to marry.
Let there be more men of that stamy
• •
There are elways in ¦womanly women
two motives for marriage strong with
in them, and it is often an actual pain
to act counter to them. First of all is
the desire for children. After a woman
has reached SO years, unless ehe is a
shallow creature, she regrets that she
does not know motherhood. Something
nays to her plainer than any person
can that in missing this highest glory
¦of womanhood ehe has lost more than
she can gain. There is an aching in her
heart which nothing Btills and for
which petting of animals and other
people's children is a poor substitute.
Then another inducement to the
self-supporting woman toward mat
rimony is the desire to belong to
somebody. It is not that she wants
a home . of her own — she has it as
the fruit of her labors and the in
dependence for which she pays the
price; it is not even for the sake of
man's society, for that, too, she has
If she is a woman of intelligence and
womanliness; she finds men enough
for companions; it is not that she
wants to be supported — quite the con
trary — probably she has earned her
own money so long and spent it so
freely that she would be somewhat
awkward about using any other per
son's. The influence that draws her
is simply the desire or the need to
have an owner of herself, some one
to whom she is of the greatest im
portance. Perhaps the instinct, is
merely a survival from the primitive
days when the woman without her
master and his club was an abnormal
product.
It is true that woman loves her free
dnm, perhaps the more that it is so
new to her. She realizes as no man
can the b!ef?sinps which have been hi3
for nges to work as he will and climb
where darinsr leads, and she longs to
work, too, and to climb, to make her
self something to the big world, and
even more to that little circle which is
her world. She loves the possibility of
this power so well that she will not
resign it for an unworthy claimant.
Women have so long been forgiving
to man's infidelities that it may be sur
prising to be told that they have kept
women from marrying, yet the state
ment is true. There 'are women who
have what is called instinctive virtue
and who have no comprehension and
can have none of the average man's
point of view. To such a one it Is mon-
Etrous that a man can be untrue to her
before marriage as after. She knows
no reason why he more than she should
seek illicit pleasures, and when she
learns that he has such a wave of dis
gust sweeps over her that it carries
him as far away from her as if he had
never lived. Such women are not so
rare as once they were, and in this is
the explanation of many a marriage
put off on the wedding eve itself. A
woman sometimes forgives because she
loves much, but she no more continues
to love in the same way than does the
man who forgives the woman who has
wronged him. As her sense of justice
and of personality develop In the com
ing years she will forgive less readily.
The law in many States so discrim
inates against woman that, it is an ar
gument agrainst marrying to those who
know anything about it. The man,
generous fellow, says at his wedding',
"With all my worldly poods I thee
endow," and the wife who believes it
finds to her surprise that so far from
being the recipient of all his worldly
poods he own? even the parments Khe
wears. The woman who sees her as
sistant's salary drawn by the worth
less husband with whom she will not
live, but who can live on her earn
ings, is not likely to think well of a
condition which permits the Injustice;
the who reads of a child willed away
from its mother for no better reason
than the malice of an angry husband
is likely to deliberate a little, for if na
ture teaches anything or proves any
thing, it is that the child is the moth
er's. When the law gives children to
their mothers it will do much to make
women wish to marry and to become
mothers. It may seen doubtful if these
points in the law would keep any
woman from marrying, but they have.
Many women will not marry because
they prefer to keep their individuality,
ae they cannot if they wed. They do
r.ot care, to change their entire scheme
of living to suit some man. They are
selfish? Perhaps, but at least they
make no one else the victim of their
fault.
BT fMISS) DORA MAT MORRE1X".
(Copyright, 1903. by Joseph B. Bowl»s.)
'A Woman's Viczvpoint.
"Of course the only kind of a mouth
piece to use with a meerchaum pipe Is
amber. The principal source of supply
of meerchaum is in the country border
ing the Black Sea; the principal source
of amber is on the shores of the Baltic
Sea, where the fossilized gum is dug
out, sometimes one hundred feet below
the surface. After heavy storms on the
Baltic, pieces of amber are cast ashore
by the waves, showing that the amber
vein extends under the water. The am
ber blocks are sawed into pieces suit
able for pipe stems by an extremely
thin saw. The blocks are sawed on a
taper and are four-sided. The beauti
ful translucent material' is worked up
into pipe stems by a 'bernsteindrech
sier," or amber worker, and the best of
them are in Germany.
"The amber pipe stems and mouth
pieces are made In a foot power lathe
and much skill is required to shape,
twist and drill the brittle material.
Amber will crack if a hole is bored
straight through In one direction. So
the amber turner bores a hole in from
one end and then finishes the. operation
by boring In from the other end. As
the boring is done without measuring
tools, .the workman must be an expert
to bring the two bores exactly together.
"Some amber mouthpieces are curved,'
and this is done after the amber, is
shaped and bored. The straight mouth
piece is put in hot oil until it loses its
stiffness and it then is bent to the re
quired curve. The long twisted amber
mouthpieces are not twisted In the
sense that the amber Is' twisted; the
spirals are filed to- shape by hand and
then polished. They look as I though
they had been twisted /rom end to end.
"The nam-tash, as the rough, un
treated blocks are called, Is white, with
a yellow tint, and so soft that it can be
easily scratched with the finger nail.
The red clay is removed and the meer
schaum dried before it is shipped to
Constantinople. In summer the blocks
are exposed to the sun for five or six
days, but In winter they are dtled for
eight "or ten days In a stove-heated
room. When dried the blocks are
rubbed with wax and each is carefully
wrapped in cotton and packed for ship
ment. Most of it finds its way to Vi
enna, but lately Americans have gone
to the mines to buy direct from the
miners, for the meerschaum is growing
in popularity in this country. The fin
est of the kidney-shaped chunks event
ually find their way to this country;
not in the rough, however, but in the
form of fine pipes. Almost 200 tons of
meerschaum Is mined in the Eski She
hier each year.
"The best merchaum pipes are made
In Vienna, and there ttfe pipe bowls,
after being turned or carved, are pol
ished and then boiled In wax or some
preparation of paraffin. The bowls
are again polished and then are ready
to be colored by the smoker. ,
• • •
"I was told that meerschaum had
been dug from the ground around Eski
Shehier for more than 1000 years and
that there was an inexhaustible sup
ply of the magnesium. In one district
over S000 mines or pits have been
opened and In another district the num
ber of holes in the ground from which
meerschaum has been taken run over
20,000. The meerschaum is found In
a layer of red clay all the way from
twenty-five to 180 feet beneath the sur
face. The Turks do not use any up-to
date machinery to dig the chunks of
meerschaum. They pick out a likely
spot and then a dozen or so begin dig
ging with pickaxes and shovels. They
keep digging— not a shaft, but a pit—
until they reach the red clay. Then
they tunnel in, sometimes as far as a
quarter of a mile. They work night and
day extracting the blocks of meer
schaum. These blocks are scattered
through the red clay, the lumps rang
ing in size frojn pieces as big as a small
egg to chunks a foot cube. The lumps
are kidney shaped and when found are
covered with a thick envelope of the red
clay. They are carried out to^the pit,
lifted to the ground and stacked up
in the huts of the miners. They are
taken to E6ki Shehier every Friday,
where they are sold to agents who con
gregate in the town every week.
• • •
"That's right," cheerfully responded
the tobacconist, "they're all meer
schaum. You never knew before, did
you, that the bowl which you have
been trying to color for a year is only a
chunk of hydrated silicate of mag
nesium, a bit of sepiolite, a piece of
ecume de mer, a fragment of. seafoam?
You thought it was only meerschaum.
And you didn't knotv that your favor
ite meerschaum pipe came from the
bowels of the earth, dug 150 feet under
ground by a red-fezzed Turk in Asia
Minor. And you never would guess
that in Morocco the boys , with the
baggy trousers use meerschaum for
soap and that in Madrid they build
houses of the same stuff. I didn't,
either, until last summer when I was
in Constantinople and was told they
dug 'ham-tash' out of mines not far
away, and that If I went to a town
called Eski Shehier over in Asia Minor
any Friday I could buy the raw
meerschaum direct from the mines. I
had been selling meerschaum pipes for
years and had always believed that
the clay — as I thought It was— came
from Vienna, Since my visit to Eski
Shehier my respect and regard for the
meerschaum pipe have greatly in
creased.
Within the store a long showcase was
filled with polished, > carved cream-col
ored pipes, all of them beautiful speci
mens of the pipe carver's art. Some
were labeled "hydrated silicate of mag
nesium," others "seafoam," "ecume de
mer" and "sepiolite."
"Why, they are all meerschaum," ex
claimed the man whose curiosity, ex
cited by the window placard, had led
him into the store.
Christmas shoppers, keen-eyed for*
novelties, paused before the holly
wreathed placard, the center of attrac
tion in the window display of the to
bacco dealer, which reacT: "Hydrated
silicate of magnesium pipes — the new
fad."
(Copyright, 1&03, by Jost-ph B. Bowle«.)
(Author of "Shop Talk on the Wonders of the
Crafts.")
BY MAIXOLM MoDOWKlL
'About Pipes.
The Christmas business of the country is reported fully
up to the volume of last year.
Provisions have kept up their slow decline at Western
packing centers, but during the past few days the Chi
cago market has been showing increasing strength, with
speculative activity growing and packers and operators
more confident of the future. The San Francisco "mar
ket, however, has become dull during the past wcek^, and
hams and bacon have been marked down in consequence.
Taking the country as a whole, while commodity'prices
have been steadily settling, some lines, such as cotton
and dairy products, have risen so sharply that Dun's
index number has actually increased to ofe.223, against
97.825 a month-ago. The sensational rise in cotton is
probably the cause of most of this increase.
This advance in cotton was the feature of the week.
At New York, New Orleans, Liverpool and the large
English manufacturing towns the excitement was intense.
The Government report, showing a decrease in the cot
ton output, sent prices soaring skyward and caused con
sternation in Lancashire, where it was regarded as a
public calamity. is a two-edged sword,
however, and while damaging the' mill opera
tors and their operatives in England is enriching ; the
American planter,' who is making more money now than
in many years. In consequence the South is sending in
rosy reports of activity and confidence in trade, with'
plenty of money in circulation and collections easy. It
is an ill wind that blows nobody good.
The railway earnings of the country are steadily fall
ing off. As far as reported in November they were only
4.86 per cent larger than difring the same time in 1902,
and when the increased cost of material and the higher
wages are considered it is doubtful whether there was any
real increase. The bank clearings for the week showed
a loss of 1 x.i per cent from last year, with the gains and
losses about evenly distributed among the leading cities.
The failures for the week were 331, against 204 in the
corresponding week last year. This latter item makes a
poor showing for business in 1903 compared with pre
ceding years, especially as the failures of late have been
running large in liabilities.
The New York stock market continues quiet and
harmless. Liquidation has apparently run its course and
there are signs that a portion of the public is gradually
returning to the speculative arena. Most of the im
provement is shown by the railroads, as the industrials
have been more or less weak and in disfavor. This is
attributed to the unpleasant developments in the steel
and shipbuilding_trusts, which gave the public an un
pleasant shock and did much to shatter confidence. There
is now a general inclination to thoroughly explore the
status of corporations before investing in them, and
until most of the great combinations have been thus in
vestigated not much new money will go into them. The
public has a good deal of money left, jn Spite of the heavy
shrinkage in values during the past year, and is ready
to invest it if it can be assured of a reasonable amount of
safety.
The money market has thus far been an agreeable
surprise, all around. Instead of the marked stringency
anticipated earlier in the season we are having a com
paratively easy market for this time of the year, with
gold flowing into the country from Europe and Austra
lia, not to mention Japan. This influx of gold has been
an excellent cure for the blues into which' the country
had been steadily .drifting and reports from New York
say that not only is the spirit of despondency and pes
simism disappearing, but the country is actually getting
optimistic again. This is an excellent illustration of , the
homely old admonition not to cross a bridge before you
get to it.
To summarize, the business of the country, while un
dergoing a great change from the recent boom to mod
erate and normal conditions, is in excellent condition at
bottom and is like a great ship promptly obeying its helm
in gusty weather. We are still all right and nobody has
any cause to be alarmed over the outlook. ;
Some 200,000 industrial employes have suffered a cut
in wages of 10 per cent or more and preparations are
being made to secure a similar reduction affecting 300,000
more by the 1st of January. In some other parts of the
country wages have been advanced, but the reductions
are more "numerous than the advances. It is trying to
the wage-earner' to have his wages reduced, especially
at this time of the year, but thus far no trouble has re
sulted from the cuts, as the wage-earners are said to
realize that with the gradual decline in prices for many
and in fact most commodities the returns of capital are
smaller and growing still smaller. The textile mills of
Philadelphia are running on half time, window glass fac
tories, are reporting competition by foreign importations
and the footwear factories of New England are turning
out less than for some time back. Winter weather, while
improving the jobbing and retail trade in holiday novel
ties and winter clothing, is cutting down building opera
tions and restricting the demand for lumber and struc
tural material. Against this, however, there are .increas
ing small orders for iron and steel products. Woolen
goods sales are falling 6hort of expectations and the silk
factories report business thus far this year below earlier
estimates. *
THE readjustment of trade conditions* to a more
normal basis than has prevailed for several years is
going on apace. Both capital and labor are receding
from high planes and adjusting themselves to new terms.
Mills are closing down and others which have been
closed are reopening. Thus a number of paper mills in
the State of New York which closed down a fortnight or
so ago have just resumed operations. In the iron and
steel trade conditions are- irregular and unsettled,
but reports to Bradstrect's say that the shutdowns more
than offset the resumptions.
"Did what?" said the Judge, stepping
behind his desk and touchlrfg a button
that summoned his ballff from the
courtroom.
"Ach," almost yelled the excited Ger
man, coming closer to the Judge and
shaking his dilapidated finger and head,
"I am broke all over. It Iss your
fauld. My vlfe to-day vas mat because
she did not vas get a divorce by your
court. She came by the house back,
and she say to me: 'I bet I get dot
separations to-morrow. I make der
grounds.' " ".¦ j
The title of official peacemaker given
to Judge Graham because of his habit
of refusing: to divorce couples with a
large family, unless it Is shown that it
is absolutely Impossible for them to get
along In peace, usually rests lightly
upon the Judge. fThere are times,
however, when he does not think so
much of it. •
A few days ago he was Just about to
leave Ms chambers, when a big, wild
eyed German rushed In; Hl3 head was
swathed with yard after yanl of band
age stuff, and Ms face was almost cov
ered with plasters of every size. Point
ing a shaking and badly scratched
finger at the Judge, he shouted: "You
did id, Chudge, you did Id." «
Making Grounds.
and the woman will be unknown who
does not wish to marry.
THE READJUSTMENT.
strates that the potential strength of our trade is where
it should be— in the , soil. With our financial prosperity
builded upon this rock we have naught to fear from the
combinations of trade which may be made against us
by any of our commercial rivals across the seas.
The complaint has been long and persistent that our
agrarian interests were being' swamped in these days
of steel kings and oil trusts. Figures .have been ad
vanced to show that whereas forty years ago the agricul
turists possessed 55 per cent of the wealth of this coun
try, they may now lay claim only to 21 per cent. But
does this prove anything? The foremost interests of
any new country are the simplest agriculture. Then
when men commence to devote the money they have
earned from the ground to the building of ships, the
laying of railroads, the digging of mines, does it not fol
low that though the percentage of agricultural wealth
over all other wealth will decline the actual amount of
such wealth must increase with the increasing market
due to the development of every branch of industry? It
is not the question then of what proportion of the wealth
of the country is held by the farmers, but whether or not
their wealth is increasing at an appropriate ratio in re
spect to that of the shipbuilder or the mine owner.
No interest in the country has a brighter outlook than
that of agriculture. It is only within the last twenty
years that farming has been conducted upon anything
like a scientific basis. Formerly the squatter on the
plains worked his land with no conception<pf the proper
rotation of crops or of the replenishment"" of the hidden
springs of production; now by the aid of agricultural col
leges in nearly every State in t% Union, by the co-opera
tion of the efficient Department of Agriculture at Wash
ington and the application of modern farm machinery,
the farmer is enabled to double his gains from the soil.
What with the new methods of farming and the miles
upon miles of land in our great West which needs only
the magic touch of water to burst into magnificent frui
tion Secretary Wilson's report bids . fair to remain the
keynote of American prosperity for years to come.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1903.
THE SAE FfiANGlSCQ,; G ALL
JOHN D. SPPECKELS, Proprietor . . . • • • • • • Address Afl Commonications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office. .' <^^^fe> ............. • . . irT .'. .Third and Market Streets, S. F.
,- . . ' - ' ¦ - •¦ "*<^gg^ yr - . - .-- ,¦- - .¦ ¦¦ -¦ /
MONDAY.. ¦•'•' '•••' • •• DECEMBER" 7, 1903
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
6Everything that Is new, good and mod
erate priced in trunks, valises, dress suit
cases, traveling . sets, . pocket books .: and
wrist bags for the holiday trade now on
sale. All leather goods lettered in. gold
free of charge. Sanborn, Vail & Co. •' -
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Ttaie aad Heights of High aad Low Waters
at Fort Point, eatrance to Saa Fraacisco
Ray. Published by official authority of the
i Fuperiatendent.
KOTC. — The high and low waters occur at
the city frcat CMissioa-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the tame at both places.
MOXDAT, DECEMBER 7.
Saa rises 7:12
Sua sets 4:G0
Mooa sets 8:18 p. m.
O iTlmel iTlrael Tlmef Tlmel
P ) Ft. \ 1 Ft. 1 Ft. Ft.
? ill W |L WJ H W L W
6 1 1:24| 5.1 5:5C] 2.W11:8S 5.9 6:60—1.0
7 2:10 5.1 «:50 2.9 12:50 5.7 7l3S— O.8
« 2:58 5.2 7:50 2.9 IMS S.4 8:2» — 0.5
» 3:43 5.3 9:01 2.R 2:51 5.0 9:20 0.0
10 4:82 5.4 1O:1S 2.5 4:05 4.6 10:16 0.6
11 |5:20| 5.5111:25 2.1 6:27 4.2 11:20 1.1
12 | 6:101 -5.6!12:3S1 1.51 6:«l <-H ••<••
NOTE. — In the above exposition of th« tides
the early morcinc tides are given In the left
hand column and . the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
<!ay. except whea there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights ¦ d ven are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coart Surrey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean i
cf the lower low waters.
There are more than 10.000 Chinese in
New York City and Brooklyn.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
f learner. For | Sails.
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pta. Dec 10
Cottage City. . Skartray & VTay Porta. Dec. 11
Dolphia Skasway &. Way Ports. Dee. 14
Al-Ki Skayway & Way Ports.|Dec J8
Santa. Ana. r. CookF Inlet ic Way Pt*. Dec. 16
Farallon Skapway & Way Ports. Dec 17
Valencia .1 EKnirway & Way Ports. jDec 18
Aft enthusiastic meeting: of the Rail
road Freight Handlers was last
night at labor headquarters on Market
street It was the second meeting of
the union since its organization. Dur
ing the meeting the charter which just
arrived . from the secretary of the
American Federation of Labor was dia
played by the speaker. There were over
300 in the hall vrhen the assemblage
was called \ to order by Organizer
Thomas E. Zant, who instructed the
union as to the principles of the organ
ization. This union takes in all of the
railroad freight handlers in San Fran
cisco, irrespective of companies. Nomi
nations for the various offices were
made and . will be voted upon at the
next meeting.
Charter for New Union.
Steamer. I Destination. } Sails. | Pier.
~ ~ December 7. I I
Vewburg... Grays Harbor 4 prafPler 10
Rival .- WUlapn Harbor.. ..I 12 mPler 20
W Kruger. Los Anseles Ports, j 10 ana Pier 2
Br.'-ltT^ . Newport & Way...) 8 amjPler 11
Curacao... . Mexican Port* ....|10 am Pier 11
Umatilla... Pu?et Sound Ports. 11 am.Pler 3
Phctrilx.... Mendoclno City...-! 1 pm'Pier 13
December 8. | I
Samoa . Lc» Angeles Ports. 10 amjPler 2
O Llcdauer Astoria & Portland 5 pm'Pler 14
Chlco Coqnilic P.lver « pmiPler i
December 9. I n ,
Arizonan... New York Pjer «.j
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland. 11 ampler 24
Fpckane... Huisbcldt 1:30 p;Pi<r »
Coronado.. Los Ar.Beles Ports. | 4 pm Pier 10
December 10. I
T'-irelta. - Humboldt ..-{ 9 am Pier 13
Arctic Humboldt !10 amIPler t
S Barbara" Seattle & Olyropia.1 4 pmlPier 2
VenwraTr. Sydney t Way... j 2 pmlPler T
J Dollar Seattle & Tacoma. | 6 pmlPier 20
Arcata *"" Coos B.-Pt. Orford. 12 m; Pier 13
State Cal'.'. . San 0 *= Wa y-I 9 an>!Picr 11
December 11. | )
Rali'er Seattle •& Whatcom 4 pmfPlcr 10
North Fork Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
CnrjK Bar San Pedro & Way. 9 anVPler 11
Lra r " December 12. 1 |
Pt. Arena.. Pclnt Arena \ 4 pmjPier 2
China China & Japan.... 1 pmiPier 40
City Para..} N. Y. via Panama.. 1,12 m Pier 40
Queea 1 Puget Sound Ports.lll amiPUr 9
j December 13. I |
Alliance... I Eureka & Coos B..J10 amiPler 16
l December 14. I
G. W» Elder Aftorla & Portland. 11 am: Pier 2*
December 15. |
EaaPedro.. Humboldt 10 am', Pier 2
December 16. I
Seo^oia.... Grays Harbcr 4 pm[Pler 10
December 17. | |
Abydos Hamburg & Wty.J 2 pmjPler VJ
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports, jll am,PIer 9
CeAtennial. Seattle & Tacoma.jlO amiPier 2
Shortly after the girl's arrest her
father called at the City Prison to see
her, but the Chief had issued instruc
tions that no one would be permitted
access to her till some disposition
was made by the courts of her case.
Miss Cameron will consult her attor
ney this morning to decide upon what
action to take. ' ? ¦ •
• Chuey Lin, a pretty Chinese girl 10
years of age, was taken from *her
father's home at 7,18 Commercial
street yesterday morning: by Detec
tive Reynolds and given in charge of
the matron at the City Prison till
some action can be taken to-day re
garding her.
Miss Donaldlna Cameron of the
Presbyterian Chinese Mission reported
to Chief Wlttman yesterday morning
that -she had been credibly informed
the girl was being cruelly treated by
her father, Louis Sange, a merchant,
since she came from China about a
year ago. Three times, owing to the
cruel treatment of her father, she had
attempted to commit suicide by poison
which she made out of the bark used
by Chinese women In dressing their
hair.
Chuey Ian \ Swallows Poison Owing
to Alleged Cruel Treatment
of Father.
CHINESE GIBL TBIES
TO COMMIT SUICIDE
AP.R1VED.
Sunday. December 6.
Sticr Brunswick. Johnson. 13 bocra from
P"ort B***gg
Stnir Melville Dollar. Fosen. 79 hoars from
Portland. vU A«orca 70 hours.
Siinr Scotls, Johascn, 11 bours from Bowens
LsuwUnX.
Etmr Santa Monica, Olsea, C3 hours from
Grays 1 Harbcr; bound south; put la to land
r-at&eccers.
(Btmr SiniaL Beodegaaxd. 60 hours from
Etmr Leelanaw. Monroe, 100 hours) from Ta-
Gln«T. l>l»sd. 20 hours from Moes
t^Eir^CotaTsbia. Doraa. 70 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 45 hours.
5 S liar Bear. Tuttle. 3H days from 6e-
Br bark Eammcunt, Baxter, 150 days from
Newcastle, England.
Schr C T HUU Hubs, 12 days freta Till*-
Schr Mary Etta, Lareea, 12 flay* from Blus
law Hirer.
6chr Gclden Shore. Raasmwen. 19 cays from
Everett, via Clallam Bay 1« days.
Schr Mary C. Campbell. 9 hours froxa. Bo-
C ' i *" HAILED.
Sunday, December «.
Bts-.r fianta Rwsa. Alexander, Saa Dletro.
Ftir.r lacuA. Jcrgcsscn, Eureka.
fetmr Gualata, Hanaea. Bowens L*adln*.
Btmr Pomona, tewansea. Eureka.
Ftmr Hanta Monica. Olsen. San Pedro.
Ft ship L*fa>-ette, Bojtt. Newcastle. Au.
Br ehip Scottish Loch*. ParkhiU. London.
Br ahip Crown of Scotland, Jeaklas, Tacoma.
Bark Kaiular.1. Colby, Honolulu.
Ektn Sim Jrjmson. Bcrnecke. Eureka.
Bear Ida A. Beck. Point neyes.
Schr FsJcoo. Aadfrson. Grays Harbor.
SPOKEN.
Per itmr Columbia — Dec 6. 11:50 a m, 18
miles EE of Pcir.t Arena, stmr Shasta, la tow
cf tug t*a Rsrver. from Grays Harbor, for Saa
Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Dec 6. 10 p ta—Weather
haxy; wind NE, velocity 8 isiles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EAN PEDRO — ArrH-ed Dec 6 — Echr v Robert
Pearler, from Tacoma: achr Wawona. from
Bouth Brad: ccar Endeavor, frosa Blalae; stmr
Newsboy, from Ventura.
TATOOSH — Passed In Dec 6 — Stmr Mack
inaw, hence Dec 3. for Tacnrna; Nor etmr
Hero! bence Dec 3. for Lacysmlth.
Passed out Dec <S — Br bark Brunei, for Aus-
SEaTTLE — Arrrred Dec 5— Star Ceateasial.
benc« D«e '-¦
KEDONDO — Arrived Dec C — Stmr Coqullle
River, hence Dec 3. etrar Acme, from Grays
Harbor.
AJ5TORIA— Arrived Dec 6— Etmr Nome City.
hence Dec 3; «tmr Geo W Elder, hence Dec 4.
Kall«l l>ec t— Schr Glendale, for Eaa Fraa-
POIVT RETES, Dec 6 — Bark Becla, 4 miles
SW. from Port Hadlock. for Baa Fnutdsco.
FAIKHAVEN— Arrived Dec 6— «chr Fear
1esc rrom San Pedro.
POHT GAM DLE— Sailed Dec 6— Bfcta Eka
rlt. Jcr San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Dec 6— Br «hlp
JOle. Irom Chefao; bkta Retriever, htace No
vember 25.
Salted I>ee 6 — Br bark Brunei, for Australia.
COOS BAT — Sailed Dec 6 — 8unr Czarina, for
Saa Franc'-»«y itmr Empire, for Saa Fran
cisco; schr Fanny Dotard, for Saa Fraacisoo.
VENTURA— Sailed Dec 6— Stmr Asuacloa.
for Rrdondo.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived D«c 6— Stmr
Alcatraz. irotn Oreenwood.
ISLAND PORT. .
HONOLULU — Sailed Dec 6 — Star Rosecrans,
for Hilo; Br Btmr Doric, for San Francisco.
Arrived Dec « — U S etmr Eiitrmaji. from
Manila.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
GENOA— Arrived Dee t — Stiar Vancourer,
from Boston.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Dec «— Stmr Eax
oda. from Boston, for Liverpool, ar.d pro
ceeded.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived Dec ©—Stmr St
Paul, from New York.
Sailed Dec 0 — Stmr New York, for New
V-rk. nagBaafWsWinMK
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Dec 6— Stmr Umbrla,
for ' New York, via Queenstowa (not pre
«loucXri. i
Skipping Intelligence.
The followir* rate* of rtlnEurance on over
due vessels were Quoted yesterday: Derwent,
130 days Iron London to Sydney, 10 r>er cent:
L«rl:er. 1W> da>« *rom Liven>ool to Callao. S5
per c«>.t: nfeshire, 120 days from Manila, to
\>v Caledonia. €5 per cent: Paris. 210 days
from Hamburg to Honolulu. «3 per cent; Talca.
ir^> da>i from Liverpool to Iquique, 2-J per ctnt;
Jiicheie Biancal. Th days from Table Bay to
Newcastle 10 I*!" cer.t; Thalia. 120 days from
i-juique t* ESirop*. tw r*r cent; La. Brugere.
"it* days frcai Tyce to Los Angeles. 30 per
«nt: Be^cbdale. 110 days from Ouaymas to
Callao. 15 per cent.
Tlie Overdue I-dst.
Steamer. From. Due,
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma Dec. 7
WyeSeld Nanaimo Dec. 7
ChehaJis Gray* Harbor Dec. 7,
Arctic Huaiboldt D*c- 7
W. Kruger... Tacoma (Dec. 7
P'Okar-e Humboldt ]Dec- «
ftainjer Seattle & Whatcom |Dec 7.
Ptate of Cal.. San Dieco & Way Ports i Dec. 7 <
Azvec-7 Taconsa JDec. 8
Csarlna Coos Bay... .......... Dec. 8
Arcata Ccos Bay & Pt. Orlord. Dec Sj
North Fork... Humboldt ...Dec. 8]
O-.ten Puget Sound Ports.... Dec. 8
f"ooa Bay Pan Pedro & Way Ports Dec 8
Kureka Humboldt Dec. 8
Coronado Grays Harbor Dec »
P Barbara... Ban Pedro Dec. 10
Pomona „...' Humboldt Dec 10
Poi"t Arena . Mendoc-in* & Pt. Arena. Dec. 10
FantaRoea... Ban Diego & Way Pts.jDec. 10
San Jose . . New York via Panama. Dec 10
G W Elder.. Portland A Astoria Dec. 11
AlMance ... Portland & Way Ports. Dec 11
Bc-.iS.-V.... 4 Newport & Way Ports.. 'Dec. 12
Dori- ....... .1 China & Japan Dec 12
San Pedro. ... I Grays Harbor Dec. 12
SenV'or .... Pu«et Sound Ports Dec 13
C^eSnlaT.... Seattle & Tacoma Dec 13
CentSuT.... Grays Harbor Dec 13
Hamburg & Way Ports Dec 14
Nevadan Honolulu Dec 14
?'Au . Gravs Harbor Dec 1 4
AtaSSal '. . . . Honolulu Dec 15
Pamicouta... New York via Panama. Dec 1^
Co^imbla Portland & Astoria. .. .JDec 1C
Three vessels which have b«en ready to sail
fur the jaft three days ra*sed out over th«
bar yesterday alteraoon. They are the British
eirip Scottish Lochs. Captain ParkhiU. bound
for London with a ireneral cargo: the British
ship Crown of Scotland. Captain Jenkinc.
bound for Tacorna to load with lumber, and
tb» FVenciJ »hiD LaTayette. Captain Boju.
bcu^d tor Newcastle. Austraiia, in ballast.
Three Vessels SaiL
The United States revenue cutter Bear, Cap
tain Tuttle. arrived in rort yesterday, three
and a half days frcra Seattle, and came to
anchor eft Fauaalito. She has been north all
summer and la now en route to San Diego,
where she will be laid bd to be driel out. She
wilt remain south all winter.
Bear Ccines to Port.
A Japanese author is said to have
completed a work of fiction that runs
into ninety volumes.
It was stated by one of the officials
of the Southern Pacific yesterday that
Harriman's stay In this city, which
was originally intended to be prolonged
over a week, had to be cut short owing
to pressing business in the East, and
that the president of the road has in
view another visit to the coast early
during the coming year.
Late Saturday Harriman held a long
conference with A. B. Hammond, the
lumber magnate, who made a hurried
trip down, from Portland to meet the
railroad president and. talk over their
joint Interests in the northern part of
California, and later Harriman and
President Markham of the Houston
and Texas road, who came north to
meet the former, were closeted togeth
er for some time.
President E. H. Harriman and Gen
eral Manager Julius Kruttschnitt of
the Southern Pacific Company left in
a private car at an early hour yester
day, morning for the East by way of
the Oregon line, it being the Intention
of Kruttschnitt to accompany his chief
as far as Portland, where an inspec
tion of the Harriman syndicate inter
ests will be made, and from there the
president of the company will proceed
direct to New York, i
Goes With Kruttschnitt by Way "of
Portland to Inspect Northern
Interests.
Mrs. Kate Moore, while standing on
the back porch of her residence at 225
Clara street yesterday afternoon, fell
to the ground, breaking her left arm
between the wrist and elbow. The
broken limb was set at the Emergency
Hospital.
Ann Broken by a Fall.
PRESIDENT HARBIMAN
I*EAVES FOR THE EAST
The captain of detectives was in
formed of another burglary that oc
curred at 107*4 Fifth avenue. The tool
Bhop and residence of A. Watkins was
entered during the early morning
hours, but nothing of great value
was taken. Watkins lost a num
ber of tools, but property In the
living rooms was not disturbed. En
trance in this case was effected by
applying a "Jlmmle" to a side window.
The police in the Golden Gate Park
section have been notified to keep a
sharp lookout for burglars and to ar
rest all suspicious characters found in
the district.
Burglars departed from the usual
method of securing loot in a crime com
mitted early yesterday morning. They
broke into Marchi's fruit market at 1520
Page street and not content with tak
ing the contents of the telephone box as
it remained on the wall, took the entire
instrument and made their escape.
When the burglary was discovered
yesterday morning It was found that
the thieves had forced an entrance with
a "Jiinmie." Once in the place they
commenced operations on the cash
register. From this box they secured
nothing and turned their attention to
the telephone. Again aplying their
"jimmie" they cut the wires and broke
the instrument from the wall. This
they carried to a vacant lot nearby,
where they proceeded to smash the iron
box and Docket the smalls amount of
money that It contained. The matter
was reported to the police and yester
day afternoon patrolmen found the tel
ephone where it had been abandoned.
An unidentified man, evidently about
75 years of age, was struck and in
stantly killed last evening about 6:30
o'clock by an inbound car of the San
Mateo line of the United Railroads,
about midway between the Black Hawk
dairy and Burlingame, in San Mateo
County. The body was brought to this
city on the car and now reposes on a
slab at the Morgue.
H. R. Dietel, the motorman on the
car, says he saw the deceased about
100 feet away alongside* of the track
on his hands and knees as if he / had
fallen and was endeavoring to get to
his feet! Dietel immediately applied
the air brakes, but as the car was run
ning thirty miles an hour, the old man
was struck before it could be brought
to a stop. The man was struck on
the head by the front' step and died
Instantly from a fractured skull..
] , The body was placed on the front
platform and broughtjto this city with
all possible dispatch, as it was thought
that life was not entirely extinct.
When it was ascertained that death
had ensued the Coroner was notified
and Deputy Fenneli and Messenger
Frank Murphy met the car at Market
and Fifth streets and conveyed the
remains to the Morgue. There was
absolutely nothing in the pockets of
the deceased that would serve as a
means of identification. His injury
shows that death was instantaneous.
As the accident occurred in San
Mateo County, it is expected the Cor
oner of that county will make a de
mand upon Coroner Iceland for the re
mains.
When the nor United State* cruiser Taeoma
en h<r trial trip came to anchor In the harbor
of BtBtS Barbara the fair belles cf that city
tad anticipated a visit en board the vessel
and an iatj^cticn of Uncle Sam's tee acquisi
tion to his navy. They caine out in launches.
Sn beat? and tuts and •were prepared to gife
the ehlp and fcer officers a Tvarcn welcome to
their city, but Imagine their dismay when they
arrived alongside to see or-ly a rope ladder to
give them access to the shta's deck. They
locked In vain for the regulation ship stairway,
but it was rot there. The officers on board
th* Taroma looked chagrined and mortified
ar.d the girls looked unhappy. The Union Iron
¦VVcra* had foreoittn thus very Important ac
cessory.
The Ladies Disappointed.
The Relief had got under way
r^nd, aided by a strongrflood tide, was
hauling its tow along at a good rate
of speed. When off the ferry build
ing the rowboat was suddenly sucked
under the keel of the bark and the
two sailors disappeared with it.
Shouts of warning brought the tug
boat to a stop and the unfortunate
men were picked up far astern.
They were nearly exhausted when
hauled aboard the ship. The row
boat was dislodged from its position
under the ship with great difficulty.
The French bark Jules Gommes was
being towed by the tugboat Relief
from Union-street wharf to the Union
Iron Works when the accident oc
curred. A small Whitehall was tied to
the bow of the vessel. In it were
riding two of the sailors from the
bark who had been assisting in get
ting a line aboard the tug, and who
were to assist in making the large
Ehlp fast when it reached its destina
tion.
To be carried with a rowboat un
der the keel of a large ship, held
down beneath the surface of the
water for gome time and yet live to
tell the tile was the harrowing ex
perience of two French sailors yester
day afternoon.
The management announces that next
week's attraction, "The Bonnie Brier
Bush," win begin next Sunday night
and not at the matinee, as is the pres
ent custom.
The little actress .is a dainty parcel of
comedy and drama combined,. and the
Grand Opera-House is * certain to be
largely patronized during the week of
Miss Marie Heath and "For Mother's
Sake." v
' There was a mixture of laughter and
tears at the Grand Opera- House yes
terday afternoon and evening, and all
because Carrie-Ashley-Clarke's play,
"For Mother's Sake," was intensely,
emotional and happily humorous in
turns.
Miss Marie Heath, In a , well-drawn
character, won the hearts of the audi
ences on both occasions, and applause
came so strong at the end of each of
the four acts that the curtain had to
be raised again and again in response
to the demands.
"For Mother's Sake" is a wholesome,
bright, witty and amusing bit of play
wright's wcrk, dealing with scenes of
rural New England and a mining camp
in Colorado, and in both locations
there is found sentiment, heroism, filial
affection and self-denial.
Miss Heath,' while the very core of the
big nugget of fun that runs. through the
whole length of the play and reasona
bly arrests the sobs that come in sym
pathy to a heart-afflicted mother, is
not alone in the long list of good play
ers, but is surrounded with a company
of capable actors and , actresses who
keep the interest up to a keen edge.
Miss Heath, in the character of Joe
Pemberton, the son of a kindly mother
whose husband has been wrongfully
accused of a gross murder, determines
to right the wrong done his father, and
heroically succeeds in achieving his
purpose, to the delight of every, one.
.Francesca Redding Is the shining
star in "The Cattle Queen," a clever
sketch from the pen of Will M. Cressy.
Miss Redding has bright linos and she
creates great laughter by ner manner
of delivering them. The playlet 6cored
a big hit and will be enjoyed by patrons
of the popular playhouse.
Clarice Vance is the best singer of
ragtime melodies that has come to this
city in years. Her style is inimitable
and her negro dialect perfect. She is
strictly at home before the footlights
and renders popular melodies in a way
that brings down the house. "Bonner,"
the "writing horse." Is a handsome ani
mal and well trained. His • master is
a trifle severe in his tafk to the audi
ence, otherwise the act is a good one.
Hines and Remington have returned
and are as popular as in the old days.
Mis3 Hlnes sclntilllates with bright ex
pressions, and her takeoffs oc "well
known vaudeville artists and people one
meets in every day life' are very good.
Agnes Mahr has danced herself into
favor and her work is always heartily
applauded. "A Very Bad Boy," pre
sented by Hal Godfrey and company,
can be seen a second time and enjoyed.
Godfrey Is a good actor and has clever
people supporting him. Joseph New
man has a number of new songs and
stories and "The Brittons" continue
their wonderful dancing. ¦ r
Pauline Hall, looking slenderer than
ever and with her voice in perfect tune,
opened at the Orpheum yesterday, and
the receptions accorded her at each
performance attested to the great popu
larity of this eminent comic opera
prima donna. Despite Increasing years,
the fair Pauline retains her splendid
figure. She sang three songs and sang
them well. Her best song and the one
that brought theatergoers back to the
good old days of comic opera, was the
lullaby song fro'm "Ermlnie." She ren
dered the beautiful melody with great
expression and was recalled a number
of times.
The California offers a show worth
attending this .week. "Yon Yonson,"
old but always welcome, with Nelse B.
Erickson in the title role, drew a
packed house last night and gave en
tire satisfaction. A 6trong company
supported the presentation of the ,old
Swedish comedy drama, that excels
most of the plays in Its line. There was
a good quartet, and the specialties, in
troduced in the second and third acts,
were all entertaining. Thpugh suffering
from a severe cold Mr.* Erickson won
the house with dialect and comic songs,
and one in particular, a parody on
"There'll Be a Hot Time in the Old
Town To-night," was accorded several
encores.
Erickson Is truly one of the best
Swedish characters on the stage, and
sustained his reputation at last night's
performance. He misses no opportu
nity to bring out all therw Is in the
part, and his interpretation of the un
sophisticated laborer is perfect. Madge
"Wood Is excellent in the role of Jennie
Morris, a vivacious heiress reduced to
the penury of a book agent, and Grace
Jennings, a victim of a plot and who
later becomes happy as the brother of
Yon, is acted by Lillian Rose, who has
an excellent personality on the stage.
John Holloway, the villain, Is done by
E. Guy Spangler, and Thomas O'Brien
impersonates Gerald Harcourt, the
English tourist.
Miss Maud Le Page takes the part of
Roly, Harcourt's nephew. She Is clever,
full of life and does a good song and
dance. Amos Jennings Is sustained by
James C. Mack, and Minnie Sharp ap
pears as Mrs. Laflln, a hotel proprie
tress. Harry Bond is on the pro
gramme, first as Vanderbilt Botts, a
real estate boomer, and in the last act
is appreciated as "Wendel Phillips, a
footman. E. H. Bender as Hankins,
the engineer of the mill, and Frank
McSorley, a station agent, make up the
balance of a capable cast. . \
Two Early Morning Crimes
in the Park Section of
the City.
Body Is Brought to Morgue
in This City and Is Un
identified.
Peculiar Accident Almost
Causes the Death of
Mariners.
Pauline Hall, Favorite Singer,
Scores a Hit at the
Orpheum.
Swedish Play Produces
Annual Laughter at
the California.
Crooks StealTnstrument
and Loot Nickel"At
tachment.
Fatal Accident Occurs
on San Mateo Elec
tric Line.
Rowboat Carrying Two
Men Is Carried Under
Ship.
BURGLARS CARRY
AWAY TELEPHONE
CAR INSTANTLY
KILLS AGED MAN
FRENCH SAILORS
NEARLY DROWNED
"YON YONSON"
IS HERE AGAIN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1903.
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
7
DIRECTORY
] OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES;
Catalogue and Prlee Lists Hailed
on Application.
FBESE AND SALT MEATS.
I A^ RAYF^ £ f ft SnJ PPtog Butchers. 104
JA3. liUItJ (X VU. Clay. Tel. Main 12M.
-. ¦.-¦ '-¦£,¦ : v - '¦-, OILS. ¦ ,'.- ; \ '¦ . ¦'. ¦
LUBRICATING . OILS ; LEONARD & wrT.T.Ta."
418 Front at.S. F. Phone Main 1719. -.
. PHTKTIKCr. • : . '.:
EVC.fflJGDES, BUSa^JS-8.^
AMUSEMENTS.
SECOND ANIDLAST WEEK
Nightly, Including Sunday. Matlne* Saturday.
Wm. Brady's Elaborate Production of the
Greatest of All Pastoral Plays,
Way Down East
By Lottie Blair Parker — Elaborated by Jom.
Last Time Next, Sunday.
BEGIHNTKQ NEXT MOHDAY.
The Greatest of Singing- Comediennes,
LULU GLASER
In Stange & Edwards' Dainty Comlo Opera,
Dolly Warden
Management F. C. Whitney.
SEAT SALE BECtiMS THURSDAY
¦¦-'¦' .-..¦...
- Dazzling _Vaudeville !
Pauline Hall; Francesca Bedding and
Company; Hines and Remington;
"Bonner"; Hal Godfrey and Com-
pany; Agnes Mahr; Clarice Vance;
Joseph Newman and the Brittons.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony. 10c; Box Seat*
i and Opera Chairs. 50c. . -
fAblFQRNTjl
* \J to-night/ ~)!f*k
1 The Ever Welcome Favorite, \M 1
y €*b TV l Ygst Frm YiPtown|
YONSON
With Nelse Erickson. the greatest of all
Swedish dialect comedians.
i Next Sunday — Joseph Hart .
Kjea and Carrie de Mar in lE""
II I] FOXY GRANDPA. } fo
IhelatrIj
*¦** "UluC/ X3i *3 \A ffli'.'n-*^' 1 jj \J Wf h3 Li
MATINEES THCRSDAT AND SATURDAY.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THI3 WEEK.
7V\/\RIJB HEATH
AMD SZCSLLEHT COKPAHT.
1—^^"^ l?r» IN THE CHABMI5O
ff-« ff J |Tf BTTSAJL DRAMA OP
M * * NEW EZraZtAHB UtPE
MOTHER'S
AS TTSQVAI.TF1ED GpT J\ E>C sCT
success. Jh\. JT\ SmL
DDIfPC« EVENINGS 15c, 25c, 50c. 75c
rKlWEj. MATINEES 15c. 25c, 60e
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT— J. H. Etoddart and
Reuben Fax In THE BONNIE BRIER BUSH.
Second Weak of the Most Original and
\ Greatest of All Musical Comedies
1 "I-O-U"~
A Production .Perfect In Every Detail.
Our "All-Star" cast. Including Kolb and
Dill. Barney Bernard, Wlnfleld Blake. Maude
Amber: Georgia O'Ramey, Ben T. Dillon and
the Alth<»a Twin Sisters In a lavish presenta-
tion of the best of all burlesques.
Reserved Seats — Nights. 25c. 60e and 75c.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday. 25c and 50o.
Children ct Matinees. 10c and 25c
THE ALLEN^ SISTERS
And a Great Show Every Afternoon and
Eveninff In the Theater.
INTERESTING BABIES IN THE INFANT
INCUBATORS.
HAMAD BY AS IN THE ZOO I
LOTS OF FUN IN THE PENNY ARCADE.
Stroll Through the MIRROR MAZE.
See ANITA and Her BABY MONKET.
"mien Phoning Ask for "The Chutaa."
SATURDAY NEXT AT 3 P. M. \
IN STEINWAY HALL
ANOTHER PIANO RECITAL- will be given by*
MR. PERCIVAL K. VAN YORX, With th«
Aid of
THE ANGELUS
SOLOIST,
MARY CARPANETTO, Soprano
Complimentary tickets may be secured at our
store any time before the recital.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
* Kearny and Sutter Sts., S. F.
Racing !S|fil|^ Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
Commencing November 14.
Racing Each Week Day. Rain or Shis*.
Six or More Races Daily.
Races commence at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
For special trains stopping at tho track Uks>
B. P. Ferry, foot of . Marktt street, at IX,
12:30. 1:00. 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No smoking la
laat two can. which ar» raacrrad tor ladles
and their escorts.
Returning trains leave track at 4:13 aad
4:45 and Immediately after tb* last rao*.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TKEAT. Secretary. • • ¦ ¦
Pfl.arP DON'T PAIL TO
I aiaWV ,ee the beautiful
•V% - V COURT Lounging
flfifl room, thj EMPIRE
tt"* 1 PARLOR, the
r i PALM ROOM, the
iTf/lfifl LOUIS XV PAR-
U1OHU .LOR, and the LA-
D ± 1 DIES* WRITING
Hotels I g ?Q^
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR E fS"
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— THIS WEEK 0,\LY.
First San' Francisco Production of the Pic-
turesque Play.
PRISONER |«—
BeaHtlful Effects— Brilliant Costumes.
Ergs.. 25c to 75c Mats. Sat. & Sun.. 15c to 50c.
NEXT MONDAY— Brilliant Presentation of
David .Belasco and Franklin Fyle's-
Famous Military Drama,
THE GIRL I LEFT BEHIND ME.
AFTER THAT— "BLUE JEANS."
Market St.. Near Eighth. Phono South 533.
TO-NIOHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATIXEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Stupendous Sensational Melodrama,
NEWYORK.DAYBYDAY
Matchless Original Story. Great Heart Interest
and Abundant Comedy.
A"P Tn« Leap for Life from Harlem Brldga
V !¦ !¦ Tho Burning of the Canal Boat.
Ol* La " rh * Vision of Poverty ar.d Wealth.
The Marvelous Electrical Effects.
PDIfPC Evenings 10c to BOc
rlllwLO Matinees 10c. 15c, 25c
Monday. December 14.
"THE SCOUT'S REVENGE."
- MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
ALL THIS WEEK. \
ELLERY'S ITALIAN BAND
.60 ARTISTS 60 '
TO-NIGHT— VERDI-BIZET NIGHT.
WEDNESDAY NIGHT— WAGNER-GOUNOD
NIGHT. |
Reset-red seats at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s.
25c* 5Oc, 75c
Wednesday matinee at 2:30 in New Greek
Theater, Berkeley University. Take 1 or 1:30
boat. Admission 60c. Tickets at Sherman.
Clay Sc Co.'s. j •
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
fl CALIFORNIA
D LIMITED TO CHICAGO []
I LEAVES DAILY W
R at D:iiO a. ni., vAruuyn in 3 day*» ft
B with diner and all trappings. gj
Other Banta Fe Trains :
2 : S ** S* I ' or Stocktoa. Fresno. Bakersfleld.
9:30 a.m. > MeX ced, Haaiord aad VUalia.
b:uu p. nx. i
4.00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grind Cxayoa aad
Chicago.
Tickbt Omci: 641 Market St., and Parry
Depot. 8. F. Also 11U Broadway, Oak-
U&d,Cai.
CALIFORNU NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISIO ANj NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COKFAST.
Tlburon rerry. Foot of Market Street.
SAK FBANCISCO TO SAN EAPAEI..
WEEK DAYS — 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; Vf.Hi,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 d. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p.m.
SUNDAYS- 8:0O. 9:30. 11 :C0 a. in.; 1:30,
3:30. 5:00. 6:20, 11:30 p. fn.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:05, 7:35. 7:50. 9:20. 11:13
a m.; 12:50. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
4:55. 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave ¦ I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. 1 Sept. 27. 1903. [San Francisco.
Week J Bun- I Destlna- j Sun- I Week ;
Days. I daya. ( tlon. [ days. ( Days.
7:30a 8:00 a 0:10 a! 8:40 a
9:30 a Ignacio. 10:40 a 10:20 a ;
3:30 p 8:30 p 6:05 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 5:00 p 7:35p|
7:30 a 9:10 a! 8:40 a
| S:00a Novato, 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30p 9:30a Petaluma 6:05p!S:20p:
6:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
5:00 p Santa Rosa. 1
7:30 a 10:40 a 10:20 a
I 8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20p
3:30 p 3:30 p
." f Wind son j j
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburg. 10:40 a 10:20 a
I Lytton. 1
3:30 p 3:30 p) Geyserville. 7:35p[6:20p
j ( Cloverdale. j
7:30 a! 8:00 a] Hopland |10:4O a[10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p( * and Uklah. | 7:35 pi 6:20 p
7:30 al S:00a| WllUta. | 7:35 pj 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 a! 110:40 a!10:20 a
3:30 pj 3:30 p| GuernerUle. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30a! 8:00 al Sonoma. I »:10a| 8:40a
6:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pj 6:20 p I
7:30 a! 8:00 a) 110:40 a!10:20 a I
3:30 pi 3:30 p| Sebastcpol. f 7:35 p| 6:20 p J
STAGES connect at- Green Brae for San
Quentin: at Santa Rosa tor White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton Tor Altruria and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Ekaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the' Geysers, Boonevllle and Greenwood: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah (or Vichy
Sprlnsr* Earatogrf Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake, Pomo,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside. LJerly's,
BuckneH's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville, Orr"s
Hot Springs, Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens, Hopkins, Mendocino City, Fort Brags.
Westport. Usal; at Wlllits for Fort Bragg.
Westport, Sherwood, Cahto, Covello, Layton-
vllle. Cummlngs, Bell's Springs, Harris. Ol-
een'a. Dyer. GarbervUle, Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday- to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 630 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. C,*n. Pass. Agt.
TO SAN RAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
via Sausalito Ferry.
Suburban Service, Standard Gangs Electric—
Depart from San Franctaco Dally — 7:00, 8:00.
9:00. 10:00. 11:00 a. m.. 12:20, 1:45. 3:15. 4:15.
6:15, 6:15. 7:00, 8:45, 10:20. 11:45 p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO
— Dally — 5:25. 6:35. 7:40. 8:35. 0:35. 11:05 a.
m., 12:20. 1:45. 2:55, 3:45. 4:45, 5:45, 6:43.
8:45. 10:20 p. m. ;
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Dally— 3:45. 6:55, 7:52, 8:55. 9:55.
11:20 a. m.. 12:35. 2:00, 3:15, 4:05, 5:05, «:0&.
7:05, 0:00. 10:35 v. m.
THROUGH TRAINS. .
8:00 a, hj. dally — Caxadero and way stations.
6:15 p. in. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Casadero and way sta-
tions.
Sundays only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyes aad
way station*.
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market st.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
'¦ Leave ~\ Tia Saasa&to Ferry Arrive ~
SanFrandsca yattsflutam, San Fran dsco
¦Week Son-' - ma ¦ Son- Week*
D«r«. days j|S$PrPt*W Days.
•11:03 a*8:OOa l-':Oftr 10:404
•1:45k 9:OOa lpQjgKSHf» l:«3r J:5Up
S:15p 1O:OOa T£Bxjvig& S:SOp 5:.'.O»
». 11:OOa TBSSSgy 4:5Or »:S»»
-nr I, i r, 3t ' t f r '^^V^. T:nn» .
tsMMtTitkihgitr- V MyeaaiJTfflsTCaasy
HCUT J 626 Majuczt ST^(North Shore RaUroaST
OIIISB J and Sausauto Fsxat, Foot Market Sc
AUCTION SALES
HORSES FOR EVERYBODY !
S^ £*^ /£&(
THIRD CONSIGNMENTiFROM
CHURCHILL CO. YREKA.
AUCTION SALE of 10O HEAD uabrok*
mares and reldiags weighing from 1OOO to
1300. consigned by CHURCHILL CO.. YREKA.
SISKITOU COUNTY. CAi*. from their well
know J. F.. c. B. and D. ranches. Thes«
horses are blocky built, have good feet and
legs and will make good mlllc express, deliv-
ery, bakery, grocery and general purpo»«a
horses. They are very easily haadled.
Farmers desiring horses to work or breed
should not miss th?s sale.
Ta be sold en
TUESDAY, Dec. 8, 1903,
At 11 A. M.. At
SALESYARD 1T32 MARKET ST.. cor. Vaa
Ness ave.. Saa Francisco.
Horsea at yard Saturday. Dec S.
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
(Successors to KUlip & Co.)
Livestock Auctioneers. ' '>-. '.
£» ANNUAL SALE OF £»
THOROUGHBRED YEARLINGS
FROM
ANTBIM STOCK FARM.
Charles Kerr. Proprietor.
Th« grandest looking sons aad daughters of
Imp. Kismet. Yo El Key. Herald, etc.. out of
the dams of more race winners than were ever
offered from this great farm; also the great
stallion Bright Phoebus. Sale takes place
MONDAY EVENING..DEC. 7, 1903
Cotanieaclng at 7:43 o'clock sharp, at
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
245 THIRD ST., NEAR FOLSOM.
Catalogues ready. Horses at salesyard.
WM. Q. LAYNG. Livestock Auctioaeer.
In crder to elos» out my ENTDSE STOCK I
will sell AT PUBLIC AUCTION 30 head of
YOUNG BROKEN HORSES. 27 fana and
work horses. 4 STEEL and RUBHER-TIRF.
SURREYS. IS BUGGIES 2 STANHOPE3. T
different styles of WAGONS » CARTS. 40
sets f>f SINGLE and DOUBLE HARNESS. 1
FAST PACER. I stylish SADDLE HORSE. 1
SHETLAND FONY. Nr> reserve or limit;
must b* sold. 1140 FOLSOM 3T.. TUE3-
DAY. December ». 11 a. m.
A. H. ANDERSON, Auctioneer,
BOOM 26, PHTTEAK BUILDI3TO.
TELEPHONE MAIN 1S52. •
Sales conducted In all carts cf the Stata.
Correspondence solicited.
SPECIALTY MADS O7 UTESTOCX.
I fceve customers from outside of town who
•wish to enter business here. Have ycu any
for sale or a piece of business property for rent? «.
#\_ AUCTION BALE OF HORSES AND
>^ MARES. ARCADE HORSE MARKET.
327 SIXTH ST.. WEDNESDAY. Dec. 9. at 11
a. m. Forty head cf all purpose horses. Every
horse must be as represented or money refund-
-**. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
BATLWAY TEAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave uimI »r« due to »rrt »• »t
SAX FllAJfClSCO.
(Mala Llae. Toot of Market Street.) -
USATE — Ftu» NOTMBUZi. 1J03. - AMITI
7.00a VacaTltle. Winters. Uamiey 7SSr
7 OU » Benlcis, SaUua. £lmlra aad Sacra-
roenvu 3 7-25*
7.30a Yallejo. Nip*. CftlUtog-*. SaaU
Kom, Marttacx, Saa R*mon t.25»
7-30a Nile*. LtTeroore, Tracy, LaiSrop.
Stocicoa 7.2Sr
800* Sbuta Express— (Via Darts),
WlilliUB* (for Dnrtlett Springs),
wuiowa. *t"r-jto. lied BlaS.
Portland. Tsconu. Seattle 7>5Sr
t 00a D«!».w>)d:«ail, Ka!»'la UaJwj,
MaryrrUie. Ororllle 7-55*
•.30a Port Coats, Martinez. Antloea.
Bjroa. Tracy. Stockton. New-
man. Los Baaos. M e n d • t a,
Armona. Baafurd. VI sal Is.
PortcrTllie 4£3*
8 JCa Fort Costa. Martinez. Tracy. Laity
rop. Modesto. Merced. Freino.
Oosaea Jaactton, Uanford.
Vlsalla, BakenUeld 4-5S»
B JOa irnei, 8aa Joae, LtTernore. Stock-
ton, (tMilton). lone, S»cr»mento,
PlacerTtlle, Marysvllle, Chlco,
Red BtaS 4ZS»
f.30.» Oakdale. Chiaese. Jamestown. So-
nora. Taolamne and Angels 4.2SP
8 00* Atlantic Expre«»— OgdenaadEaat. 11.25*
9 30* Blchnond, MarUoes sod Way
Station* 8 55*
10 00* The Overland Limited — Ugden,
DeaTer. Omaha, Chicago. 8.2SP
1000a Vallejo.. 12.25*
10.00a Los Aareles Pawenger — Port
CotU. Martinez, Byroa. Tracy,
Lsthrop. Stockton, Merced.
Rayaond. Fresao. Gonhen Jjnc-
tloo. HanfoT-i. Lemoore. VUalla.
Bakenaeld. Lo» Aageles 7-23'
If .CC* Hayward. Kites and Way Sutlona. 3-25?
nJXir Sacmmento River Steamers.. rii.QQr
>40r Benlcla, Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland. Kaigbts Laading.
MarytTtUe. OroTiile and way
sutions
SZCr Hayward.Xlles and Way Sutions.. 7 55#
|.30r Port Coata, MarUaci. Bjroa,
Tracy. Latarop. Modesto.
Merced. Fresno aad Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Cosu 12-25F
J30r M»r;iae*. Trscr. Stocfeion. Lo!!... 10.25a
4C0r Mirt1nei.SanIUmvj.VAlleJo.Ntps,
Callitoca. S»au Ruaa. 925a
4 00p Kites, Tracy. Stockton. Lodt 4.2SP
4-SOr Hayward. Nllea. lrrtngton, Saa I *3.55»
Jose. Ltvcrmore | tl 1.55a
6 OOf The Owl Limited— N««o>n. Lo*
Baoos. Meadoia. Fretao. Talarsw
BtkersSeld. Loa Angeles 8-554
IJtOr Port CotiA. Tracy, Stockton 12 25?
tS-30r Harvard, Kites and Saa Joss 7. 25 a
6.0Cp Hiyvmrd. Nlleiand San Jom. 955a
tJHtr Eastern Expres*— O;den. Deaver.
Omaha. St. Lou!*. -Chicago aad
Eim. Port Coata. Bealda. Sui-
¦aa. Klmira, 1»»»U. SacrAmeato,
Rockltn. Anbara. Colfaz.
Trackee. Boca, Reno, w»d*-
worth, Wtanemnce* 5-29P
i.OOr yallejo, ditUy. except Sosday.... » 7 K5 *
7JB0r Vallejo, 8on«lST only f §mO9 "
7JD0r Ulchmond. San Pablo. Port CotU,
Martinet aD<t Way Stations 11 2Sa
IX6p Oragon * California Ezpre**— Sac-
ramento, MmrrsTtlle, Beddag.
Portiaad. Paset Soand and £ut. 8-55*.
t.iOr Hayward. Silt* aadSaa Jo«« (aua-
dayoaly) II.BSa
COAST LINE (-1axr«w *i». 5 e).
(foot of Market Street.)
~ 8.16a Newark. Ceotervllle. Saa Joso,
Feltoa, Boalaer Cr««k. Saau
Crm* aad Way Stations. 5-55r
t*.16r Krwark. CeatcrrQle. Saa Joie,
N«w Almadea. Los Gato*. Felloa.
Boalder Cr*«k, Santa Cruz aad
Principal Way 8»«on» ftO.S3*
4Mr Kewark,SaaJo«e,LotOato»and« *S.5S »
wsrtutloas i:10 5Sa
«930i" n-JBtor» Train. Saturday only. Saa
Jose aad War Stations. Retarn-
, Ing from Loo G*u>« 9oa<l<y ©sly. t7 29»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rrom 6AH If UAH CISCO, Foul of Market at. (SJlp<>
—17:13 *:«0 U:u0 a.m. 100 300 5.15 T.M.
rr»S3 OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — t«:00 £):«
t8:tt 10:00 a.m. 12 CO 200 400 TM.
COAST LINE (UroaJ -a«»e).
qr (Third and Towmend Strtets.)
6.10a 8aa Joee a»d Way Sutloa* 8-30r^
7 00a San Joas aad Way Suttona. S-36*>
8.00a Mew Almadea (Tues.. Frld^ oary). 4- |Qs>
SCO* Cout Line Limited — StopaoeJySaa
Jose. Gilroy (eoaaectloa for Hoi- .
ritex), Pajaro. CaatrorfUa, Sa>
ltaas. Saa Ardo, Paso Bo&lea.
8anuM&rjrsr!u.Sia Lai* Oblspo
Principal stations tUence Sarf
' (connection for Lompoc) prtnd-
Ml autloBs thence Saau Bar- -
bars, aad Loa Angeles. Connec-
tion at Cajtrovllle to aad from
Monterey aad Factac Gro~v«..... 13.4ts>
t.CO* Baa Jose. Tres PIbos, C»p!uJ*.
EaBUCrss,Paciac GroTe.SAlIaa*,
Eaa Lnla ObUpo and PrSadvti
..,„ Way 8uUoss 4.10*
10-30* £ao Jo§e aad Way Suilom. 1.22»
11 -30a Sa&U CUra. Saa Jose. Lc« Gate*
> ___ aadWaySUUons 7.38
\ZOr Saa Jom and Way SUtloas 8-M*
iXOr PaetacGroTeKxpreaa— 8aauClara
Saa Jom. D«l Monte. Monterey.
Paciflc GroTe- (coanecta at Saau .
Clara for Saau Croi. Boalder
Creek aad 5 arrow G%age PolaU)
at Gttroy for HoUlster, Trea
Ptooti. at CastrerUle for SaUnaa. 12.1 1*
3-30r Tres Plaos Way PaaseagcT^. 11045a
14 4 b' baa Joae. (rU Sanu Clara) Los
Gatos. aad Prlaetpal Way SU-
Uoaa (szcept Soaday) -tCT2A>
iS-SOr e an Jo*eaadPrtae!*alW«y SUtloas tf M*
SCCr BBBMt Limited.— Redwood. Baa
Jose. CUroy.Sa!laas,Paso Kobles,
Saa Lnla Oslspo. Sanu Barbara,
Loa Augsies, Demlog. El P»§«,
Kew Orleans. 2few Tork. Con-
nect* at Pajaro far Sanu Croz
aad at Cavtrorm* for Paclae
GroT* aad Way Sutioa* 7.10a
'" T8.1E» 8aaMateo.Beresford.Belmoni.SaS]
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
. Mealo Park. Palo Alto r8i?*
t.ZCr 6ai Joae and Way SUUobs. 8 33a
11 .30? 8ootlt Saa Fnncisco, MUlbra*. B ur-
llngame. Saa Miueo, Brlrr.cat,
f-sn Carlo*. Redwood. Pair Oaka,
Mealo Park, and Pah) Alto 8-4Sr
• 1130f Mayfleld, Mouauln View. Sunny-
>»le< Lawrenca, Sinu Clara aad
Saa Jo»« ».4a>
> A for Morning. P for AfMraoo* *
ISnaday aaly.
< Stops at all tutloat ca Stwday.
t Saadar etcepted. « Satarday tm\j.
¦OT Only train* stopping at Valencia St. i-TiTltiniBt
ar«t:19 4.M-7:C0AJt^ 11:80 A.lf..3:»rjt.aad «:CttrgfcTRIO OF RIDERS AND WELL-KNOWN. BOOKMAKER. WHO ARE IN
VOLVED IX THE BIGGEST RACTNG SCANDAL IN RECENT
YEARS ON THE CALIFORNIA TURF.
The finals of the fourth class proved
a five-set affair, the outcome of which
was in doubt until the end. Skaggs
won the first set easily. Ihe second
and third went to Guerln and it seem
ed he would win. Skaggs won the
fourth set and evened up the score.
The fifth set was the closest and final
ly'.went to Skaggs after fourteen
games had been played. The score
was 6-3. 7-5. 4-6, 6-4, 8-6.
N On the California Club courts many
practice matches were played. • The
best by far was a doubles between Joe
Tobin and Will Taylor and Frank Mit
chell and Sidney. Salisbury. Taylor at
one time was the greatest player on
the coast and held the championship
for several years. He has played but
little in the past few years, but. has
not gone back much. He and Tobin
beat Mitchell and Salisbury easily. . AH
three sets went to the ex-champions
and -the losers were able to get-only
three games in each.
Mitchell and Salisbury did not play
their best, the former being consider
ably off in his play. Taylor played his
old-time, careful, heady, game. ' He
uses little or no speed, but plays every
thing safe. Tobln was strong on over
head work, but his volleying was a lit
tle weak. The score in favor of Tobin
and Taylor was 6-3, 6-3, 6-3.
In singles Salisbury and Mitchell
played one set to determine who waa
responsible for their defeat. Salisbury
beat his first-class opponent, 6-4. '
The unfinished match between Mac-
Gavin and Allen was , not played, hut
will be completed either Saturday
afternoon or Sunday.
match was called. These two players
now have two uncompleted matches to
play. In one Allen leads and in the
other MacGavin has the advantage.
The semi-final match between Mac-
Gavin and George Baker was the
closest and most interesting of the day.
MacGavin broke several strings in his
racket during the second set and j it
almost cost him the match. In the
third set Baker led at 6-5 and 40-15,
but MacGavin pulled it out, 9-7. Pre
vious to this each had won a set quite
easily. The other two matches in this
class, were won by Allen. He beat H.
Russell and Charles Dunlap in the or
der named.
In the second class both . matches
were interesting. In the semi-finals
Stewart Gayness caused a surprise by
almost beating Ambrose. Gayness had
previously . played in the third class
and his excellent showing was unex
pected. The score was 6-2, 7-9, 8-6 in
favor of Ambrose."
In ! the finals Ambrose, after losing
the first set, worr the next three, the
third being a love set. The score was
2-6, 6-4, 6-0, 6-4. \
In the third class Brabant was much
too strong for young Gabriel. The
latter became discouraged after losing
the first two sets. Brabant has an ex
cellent style and has had considerable
experience. The score in his favor
was 6-2, 6-4, 6-3. ,
OAKLAND. Dec. 6.— The Phoenix
baseball team of St. Mary's College de
feated the Harvey-I>arotxx nine to-day,
score 11 to 1. Batteries — O'Banion and
Poultney; ZamJoch and Sullivan.
College Boys Win at Baseball.
ALAMEDA, Dec 6.— In a football
game yesterday at San Jose between
the Alameda High School eleven and
the team representing the University
of the Pacific, neither side scored. Alex
ander Mackle Jr. of the Alamedas was
kicked in the head and suffered a slight
concussion of the brain.
Neither Eleven Scores.
Third round — Lulu Girl beat Pr«« Bom, 15-1;
Laughing Water beat Train* Maid. 6-5; Col
ored Lady, beat Harlean Gladys, 21-4; Tralee
Lass beat Margaret. 4-3; Ragged Actor beat
Pasha Pleasant. 3-0: Dorothy M. beat Pro
metheus. 13-6; Gold Lily beat Haphazard. 8-6:
Conroy beat Northern Alarm. 13-3; Special
beat Queen's Motto. 4-2; Lord Granard beat
Oulda. 10-2; Luxury, beat- Rich Argosy. 8-6;
Black Coon beat Sofala. 11-2.
Fourth round — Laughing Water beat Traleo
Lass, tt-1: Colored Lady beat Lulu Girl, 4-2;
Dorothy M. . beat Ragged Actor. 13-10; Conroy
a bye; Special, a bye; Black Coon beat Luxury,
4-3.
Fifth round — Laughins Water beat Colored
Lady. 6-0: Dorothy M. beat Conroy. 13-4; Spe
cial beat Black Coon. 13-6. *">
Sixth round — Laughing Water beat Dorothy
M.. 18-1; Special, a by*.
Deciding' course — Laughing Wat*r beat Spe
•lal. 1S-0.
Open stake: Second round — F*re« Born beat
Fenii, 8-4: Luta Girl beat Firm Fellow, 8-2;
Trale« Maid beat Rose- Tre*. 4-3: Laughing
Water a bye; Harlean Gladys a bye; Colored
Lady beat Cloudburst 3-2: Margaret beat Lady
Menlo. 12-7; Tralee Lass beat Don Pedro, 19-8;
Bagged Actor beat Beauty Gold. 8-3: Pasha
Pleasant, a bye; Dorothy M. beat Motile Me.
6-1; Prometheus beat Man.ru. 8-4; Gold Lily
beat Marie Twain, 6-5; Haphazard beat Pure
Pearl. 8-5; Conroy beat Jerry "Wright. 6-»;
Northern Alarm beat Rock and Rye, 10-4;
Special beat Raby Aurora. 12-8; Queen'* Motto
beat Bob R., 3-0; /Lord Granard beat Rsmiaso
Anlmo, 9-4; Oulda beat Rockefeller. 7-1; Rich
Argosy beat Little Plunger, 4-0; Luxury beat
Concord Boy, 19-8; Sofala beat Linda Vista.
15-13: Black Coon, a bye.
Relief dogs were sent out early in the
course, for it was apparent that Spe
cial, game as he was, could not score.
The ' winner, too, was in a bad state
and about all out. When the hare was
dispatched it was found necessary to
carry Special from the field and it is
likely the game hound will succumb to
the severe running.
Following are the day's results with
Judge Thomas Tlerney* a official scores:
There waa no stopping the taxes
yesterday at Ingleslde Coursing Park.
Hardly a greyhound was slipped that
was not run to a standstill. Only the
hounds that/ had been trained for stam
ina had a chance of getting anywhere
near the flying hares.
Laughing Water. G. Lacy Crawf ortl'B
St. Louis courser, won the stake, beat
ing Special in the deciding course with
out allowing him a point. The victory
was a hard-earned one for the Eastern
dog for, like others . in the stake, she
was forced to extend herself in nearly
every trial.
Special had had more than his share
of work and before the deciding course
was ended showed the effects of hard
trials, i
Field-
Hares Take Their Pursuers a
Merry Chase Over the
Eastern Hound Outfoots
, Game Special at
Ingleside.
LAUGHING WATER
A STAKE WINNER
Perhaps you should not play poker, but
if you do we have the cards and chips,
loose'or put up in elegant cases, that vriil
make the game a pleasure; also plain
and fancy,; dice, game counters, tally
cards, etc. Sanbora, Vail & Co. •
NEW YORK, Dec. 7.— At midnight
to-night seventeen men, representing
two-men teams, were started in a six
day international bicycle race in Madi
son Square .Garden. Fifteen thousand
persons saw the referee send the men
off. The : contestants . can - ride only
twelve hours dally. . They may relieve
•their partners as; often ' as required 'so
long as they . do not exceed * this limit.
The teams are made up . as follows, . the
first named in each starting In the Ini
tial period of the race: I Caesar Simar
and Jean Gougoltz, Swiss-French team;
Slgmar Rettick and Francois Beaugen
dre, German team: / Petit Breton ¦ and
Henri Cdntenet, French team; /Arthur
.Vanderstuyf t and Julian Sampson, Bel
gian team ; Nat Butler. t - and George
Leander, / Chicago-Boston j team; Floyd
Krebs' " and . Alex , Peterson, C Newark
team; John Jacobson and Jed Newkirk,
C. R. C. association; team; John; Bedell
and Menus Bedell, London team ; i Franz
Krebs s and C. D. ; Barclay,' Brooklyn
team ; £1. F. Root » and • Oliver ; Dorton,
New Tork team ; Walter Bardgett arid
Frank Galvln.i Buffalo: team; /"Patsy
Keegan and ; Charles Turvllle; J ':) Irish-
American team ; John ;. T. r Fisher and
James Bowler",; Chicago/ team;X Woody
Hedspeth and M. . T. Dove, . the ¦ Colored
Calumet - Club , team; : Bobby I Walthour
and \ Benny . Muriroe, theVDixie; flyers" ;
Frank Kramer; and Willie 'Fenn,; the
"Jersey! skeeters," and Hugh
and 'V Jimmy Moran, \ the / Scotch-Irish
team.
SEVENTEEN TEAMS START
IN SIX-DAY BICYCLE RACE
Al .Gehret of the California Schuetzen
Club stands high man for the year with
the best ten scores, thereby winning the
Adam Brehm silver service: His scores
are as follows: Two hundred and
twenty-eight. 226. 226. 225, 222 22L
220, 219. 218. Total 2226. This isVn aver
age of more than 22% lings out of a
possible 25.
The highest 10-shot score of the year
wag won by Otto Bremer, with the ex
cellent score of 230 rings, being 23 out
of a possible 25 rings. He was closelv
followed by A. Strecker. It was
thought in the early part of the day
Strecker would capture the prize, but
he was unable to overcome the score
made' by Bremer. The prizes for the
highest score of the year consist of a
silver goblet presented by A. L. Ott
and a gold medal from Philo Jacoby. *
There was a hard, struggle between
William F. Blasse and Martin Blasse
for the honor of the second-class cham
pionship. William Blasse had been
high all during the year and kept the
lead by a few points, but at yesterday's
contest Martin succeeded in passing
him and carried off the class honors.
The men who stand highest for bulls
fye scores so far during the -year are
Chris Meyer, 70 points; Max Kolander,
110; Louis Shierbach," 118; ; M.F. Blasse.
126; A. Rahwyler, 126; L. J. Reubold,
134. Folio wine are the scores:
rir»t champion class— A. Strecker, 225, 222.
Schuetzen Park ranges presented an
animated appearance yesterday, as the
crack riflemen of the California
Schuetzen Club were present in force to
roll up a g-ood score for the last month
of the year.
BREHM TROPHY FOR GEHRET
He Is High Man of the Year in the
California Schuetzen Club.
'.The eyent'of the day was the finals
of the first ' class. Allen and Mac-
Gavin were opposed to each other, but
did not ¦ finish as good a match as was
expected. MacGavin at times was bril
liant, but played rather a careless
game, especially when he was ahead.
Allen played his usual careful game
and scored mostly on his opponent's
outs or nets.-, MacGavah took the first
set easily .'and had • the . second well In
hand," leading/ at 4f 2 and 5-4. Allen
made a ¦ good stand ¦ and pulled it "> out,
7-5; v He ralso won' the third set with
little trouble. . In the fourth set Mac-
Gavin was playi ng his best ; and - win
ning everything, in sight -when! the
The . unexpected happened ; in the
second class. George Janes was a
strong favorite . and many thought he
would, have little difficulty winnlngT
Norman Ambrose proved too strong
for him in the finals and won three
sets out of four. A. H. Brabant, a re
cent arrival from New. Zealand, won
the third class handily from Harry
Gabriel. In future the winner should
play in the second class. The finals
of the fourth class proved the closest
match of the day and was won by C.
S. Skaggs. / . .
• The final rounds of the different
classes furnished some good tennis
yesterday at the Golden Gate Park
courts. The second, third and fourth
classes were completed, but the first
class was not quite finished. As was
expected, Drummond, MacGavin and
Will Allen met in the finals. When
time was. called Allen had a lead of
one set, but MacGavin was ahead on
games In the fourth set MacGavin
won the fijst set, 6-2;. Allen the sec
ond, ,7-5, and the third, 6-3. In the
fourth set MacGavin led at 4-2.
When Time la Called the Rival Play
ers Are Still Struggling- for
Supremacy.
MacGAVIN AND AIXEN
MEET ON . TENNIS COURTS
Pistol annex — William F. Blasse. 88, 86; M.
F. Blasse, 84; George Tammeyer, 82, 78; Max
Kolanner. 79, 79; U J. Reubold. 76, 79; T. J.
Carroll, 70, «2; John -Boiler. 76, 74; Joseph
Straub, 67. 48; John C. Waller. 40. 36.
• Elntracht Shooting Section; • monthly medal
shoot — Captain F. A. Kuhlp, 370; first' class,
J. Rohrer, S07; second -. class, H. Schwelger,
2'lf! ; third class, H. Bchroeder, 300; best first
shW F. A. Kuhls. 23; best last shot. A. G.
Stroh. 24; Adam Brehn . trophy, Charles von
Hartwig. . / . v ; : ¦¦ .--, , *¦ ¦¦
Second champion class — Chris. Meyer, 210, 202;
A. Rahwyler, 206, 188; T. J. Carroll, 203, 188;
Al Gehret, 208. 214; William Ehrennfort, 122.
139; Otto Burmelster. 185, 194; Phllo Jacoby,
ieo. First class — Georere Tammeyer. 214,' 20».
Second class — George Ahrens, 155. 153;- ,T— ff.
Waller. 1»3. 138; W. F. Blasee. 212, 208; L. J.
Reubold, 200, 184; Martin F. Blasse. 219, 216:
A. Juneblut, 1S8. Third clasa— Charles Sage
horn. 182, IS7; "William Nolden, 134, 180; F.
Rlede. 150, 174; F. C, Hagerup, 165. 161; LouU
Thlerbach, 183, 1S3; Georre ' Riichmuller Sr.,
102, 186; M. F. Hartter. 215; Joseph Straub,
186. 1«9; George H. Bahre, 206, 202: M. Reu
bold, 164, 196.. Fourth class — E. Engl&nder.
I«i3, 133; C. von Hartwir, 144; John Boiler,
110, 120; Max Kolander. X98, 197; H. Scheun
\n, 19", 193. UnclaBBified— D. Pucclnnellt, 165.
Cadet Class— F. H. Bremer. 200, 204; H. Rera
ensperRer, 79, 106: Henry Btecker, 126.
Totals for the best- ten strings during the
year: First champion class, A. Strecker, 2213;
second cbamoion clasp, . Al Gehret. 2226; first
class. George Tammeyer, 2141; second class,
Martin F. Blasse, 2123: third class,- M. F.
HarttPr, 2065; fourth class, Max Kolander.
2001. : ...-.« ; .. .
The Reliance Athletic Club of Oak
land gives its regular boxing show to
morrow evening, with Toby Irwin and
Billy Otts as the attraction in a fltteen
round bout. This will be the second
meeti-"- between these lightweights.
They met in the same club last Au
gust. Otts being declared the winner
after one of the best contests seen in
the club for a long time. After fight
ing four rounds with a broken jaw
Irwin was compelled to give" up when
the contest seemed going his way.
Henry Lewis and "Young" McCon
nell..who fought well In a preliminary
at the last show of the club,' will meet
again. A six-round curtain-raiser will
open *'-- proceedings.
Reliance Club Eoxing.
, Barney y Schreiber, who ; had, second
"call ¦ on tthe'services of jb.~ Hall, thinks
the boy was harshly^ dealt \vith. M.: Z.
de : Armond, t^who * holds i. a: contract on
the - services .- of Hall,"- had •¦' a "Jong,- talk
with thejTexasf rider yesterday," and if
he : was ; : implicated^ in . any ' Job
bery- It", is said ' his . employer ¦ is" the ; sort
of " man * who will come : close ( to finding
it;out: "; - ; . v" .;¦.-' ." .•;¦.
f v Gil Curry,- who 'has , been making en
gagements-for'Adkins; "was' thunder-
In his own behalf Bookmaker Jim
Davis say3 he has not given "a penny
to a rider or any of \the T i parasites
known as "agents" since' the season
opened. Neither does -he feer that he
took any liberties* with Diyina in his
book on Saturday. He admits to be
ing $3000 winner, and /states that
Clarence" Waterhouse /.and John ' Con
don of Chicago have an^interest fti his
book. One/, reason Davis gives ; for
laying against the .mare, on | Saturday
is because Ab Stemler, former, trainer
for the' .El : Primero stable.V did .: not
fancy her - chances. '. Jo. Terry, of Sac
ramento, owner of Divina,: thinks she
should have "'won, arid ; is twilling to
match her against . Horatius at the
same weights as "carried \ in/. the handi
cap on, Saturday,* which ! were
tius "¦•• 94; Divina llO./Mr.tTerrryis^a
man of ¦wealth, r arid"*' stated- that he
would wager a ; big amount that his
mare could : beat /the ; colt.'
, v Starter Jake Holtman, accompanied
by .his I wife,', arrived' " here ¦* yesterday
from Chicago/' Jake' put in. a successful
season on the Western -tracks ; and /will
handle Athe/ barrier ¦ jsvhen Ingleslde
opens next Monday: ¦"!/; y -
'/, ¦:-, HAi£" IS ; INTERROGATED.
The ruling oft! the turf of Book
maker Jim Davis and Jockeys D. Hall,
Ferrell and Adkins by the stewards of
the California Jockey Club -was the
one topic of conversation yesterday
among horsemen. Of. course there
were many arguments^ both pro iind
congas to the justice of -the 'rulings.
Many who a- few days; ago were
decrying the inanition displayed by
the officials at Oakland track and ap-,
parently wanted one-half the jockeys
riding either lynched or transported,
suddenly suffered a change . of mind,
and now think an injury/ has been
done. However, this is an ' old story.
A rider is an idol while he: is putting
winners over the plate, but' when he
strikes' a losing, gait his 'former wor
shipers' forsake him as rats do a sink
ing ship. .Money comes fast, in. fact,
altogether too fast to these young
men, and they will , not listen to the
council of older, and . wiser men.
Seemingly they prefer '_¦ to associate
with^ leeches who care, only to /use
them for their own personal gain, just
as one sucks the. juice -of an orange
and tosses away the peeling.' /
BOOKMAKER D AVIS'. STORY.
; Fifth race — Sevei* furlongs; all ages; «elling.
¦ 5376 *Anlrad . (J. Coffey) S9
5393 Heather Honey (A.~ Leach) i(«
(5406)Somenos (A: Josephs) ."r. ..".;...". .112
¦ 5407 Glenarvon (W. i Fisher) .112
5361 Avenger (J. F<. Schorr) 97
5361 »Dorice (B. Schreiber) .....'.... .;....; . 59
5413 Illowaho (W. H.' Ketcheman) . . ; . . . . . .111
.V121 *St. Wlnlf ride ; (W. . B. . Sink) .......... 9J
5353 'Lord Melbourne (Bender & Co.). .....104
. - ¦. C/*-- >- r - v . v -; :.. ¦ •-; - ¦ .
+ Sixth race— One mile; and fifty yards;-four
year-olds and up; selling: '
(5395)Hbrton \ (Blanch! &McGovem). .'. r. .. .112
(5398) Rollick • (M. : Jones) . . ... . . : » ... ... /. ...109
(5407)Frank Woods (Garden City Stables)... 109
: 5407 Harry Thatcher (Mrs. Hastings) .*. . .v 10»
(5410)«Redwald (W."» P. . Magrane j. . ...... . . .104
6401 'Rosarle , (C. . W. Chappellef ..; 9c
1 5387. *Billy ' Moore (T. T. ' Rector) : r. . . . . .~ . ; 09
5381* *Sllurlan (Lemasney Bros.). ...v.....;. 104
•Apprentice allowance. - rZ'
PROBABLE WXNHEKS. I
V First race — Telephone, Elie, Bill Ma«
¦i«.v,:- : - ¦ ¦ •¦";.:,/.¦;'-_: ~, ;;..... .;
• Second race— Danrin, Abydoa, Harbor.
. Tliird rac»-r-Con«tellator, . James 3.
Oorbett, Tom "Blavin. . -
- ' Fonrth race— Tower of Candles, Don-
We Six, Glendenninfr. •"=+'(¦,»-; -.-.¦-: -' •* i
> Fifth race — Dorice, St. Winifride,
Avensrer. :;*'. ¦*- .-../• . . ', - >¦,:•..; ,
1 ¦¦* Sixth ' rac e— Bed wald, Xortoc, Bosarle.
Fourth. race — Five and a half furlongs; three
year-olds and up;, selling/- ' • - - i'
5414 ¦VTaterpower <H. Stover) .............110
4195 F. WJ Erode (P. G. Lane) 107
5124 Clivoso (W. D. Randall).".. .;.;..:. ...105
5193 'Glendenning (W. B.- Slnk);.V.;......102
4776 Brennus (Toole & Co.).. 10«
4666 Egyptian Princess '¦ (G.' McLaughlln) . .. 1#7
4482 'Double Six (R. A. Smith).. ..102
". . . .- Schwarzwald (B. Schreiber) .....: 107
5418*Captivate (P. HH4reth). .1,02
6348 Tower of Candles (C. Young). :....... 102
484rt Ignaclo (G. Green) .......; .110
5308 *Albemarle (E. Tlerney)......... 101
Third race — One mile and fifty yards; four
year-olds and up; selling. . .. ¦_¦', '¦'.
540S Achilles (McCabe & Co.): :.....'. ......107
6419 Mames J. Corbett ("W. , H.'. Hedges) .... 102
4fi26 Cougar • (Elmwood ; Farm) . . . ; .112
5410 Tom Slavln (Clifford & Co.);.. ...... .104
5372 Lunga tMra. ; Michael) .....:. ..... 101
5407 Constellator (Keating & Co.)..... 104
5405 Gawalne (W. E. Cotton). ......: .101
5400 'Kitty Kelly (W. U Stanfleld). . . ..... 98
V Second race — Five furlongs; maiden two
year-olds; : purse. -.
¦ .... Waterspout -. (R. A. Smith) ...,it00
5325 T. J. Cox (W. B. Sink).. 108
5340 Minimum (M." Jones) ..100
53S5 Harbor IH. E. -Rowell) :........ 108
5400 Dargln (B. Schreiber) : 103
..: .Presidio (Hamilton Stable)..*. .........103
.M0;t Bombardier (W.rB; Jennings & Co.). 105
.... Dundreary (Burns & .Waterhouse) . .*. ;i«>
5325 Neko ( Alhambra Stable) ............... 103
5361 Instrument (McAllister & Co.).. 10S
641 5 Abydos ( P. Ryan) : . 10t>
.... El> Bernardo (E. J. Baldwin).. ..103
First race — Seven furlongs; all ages; selling.
5103 "Telephone (R. A. Smith). ........ 92
53S0 Wanderling (Prltchard & Co.) 108
5.TO5 tJill Massie (J. J. McAlester). . ..... .10*
5408 Sisenvtne (P. J. Stoer)...... ......109
5188 Judpe Voorhies (Brown ,'& , Peters) . . .". 1 12
53U7 »EUe (G. Lanka) „. 89
5USB *Toto Grattot (Barren & Co.) ...102
B312 'Conster (Klrk-& Co.)...; 99
5306 •El.Piloto (W. II. Hoosr).. 103
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
from the New York and Middle West
ern tracks will appear for the first time.
One of the features at Oakland this
week will be the Crocker selling stakes
at seven furlongs, to be decided next
Saturday. The event' will be worth
more than 33000 and an excellent field
will face the barrier. The list of eli
gibles includes Arabo, Iridius, Ben
MacDhui, Divina, Fossil, San Nicholas,
Martinmas, Horton, Lord Mel
bourne, Eonic, Eyea G, Futurita,
Daisy Green, Hagerdon and Orosius.
Hornets— Smith, outside right for
ward; Cowell, inside right forward;
McKay, outside left forward; Taylor,
inside left forward; Shand, center for
ward; Bird, right half; Price, left half;
Chambers, center half; McGill, right
full; Mildred, left full; Williamson,
goal.
Occidentals — V.' Holland, outside right
forward; Lydon, inside right forward;
F. Holland, outside left forward; Hays,
inside left forward; Evans, center for
ward; Bowden, right half; Robertson,
left half; Higgins, center half; Lloyd,
right full; McCarty, left full; Chivers,
goal.
BERKELEY, Dec. 6.— The association
football game at Idora Park this after
noon between the Hornets and the Oc
cidentals ended in a tie, each side scor
ing one Doint. The Occidentals scored
their single point in the first half. It
seemed the Occidentals were going to
win with this one point, but just before
the end of the second half the Hornets
by fierce playing managed to get the
ball into the net, thus making matters
even. The line-up of the teams was as
follows:
Tie Game at Idora Park.
NEW YORK, Dec. 6. — William C.
Whitney leads the list of winning own
ers on the American turf for the sea
son of 1903, which came to an end on
Saturday with the close of the Ben
nings meeting.
Despite many disappointments', the
cutting down of his best colt. Inflex
ible, which, in the opinion of many
good judges, wjould probably have won
the Futurity, and the comparatively
few times toward the end of the sea
son when "Eton blue, brown cap,"
were seen in public, Mr. Whitney's
racers won a trifle less than 5100,000,
the exact figures being $99,405. With
two high-priced jockeys retained by
Mr. Whitney and other matters in.pro
portion, the expenses of his liberally
managed establishment leave no mar
gin of profit, especially as forfeits are
large.
The list of owners whose horses
have won $10,000 or more include
fifty-five. They have won tn the ag
gregate more than $1,631,000. An
other million j or more has been dis
tributed among the remainder of the
turfmen, about 400 in number.
The leading trainers of the year as
shown by the statistics are A. J. Joy
ner, who trained the horses of J. B.
Haggin and of Sydney Paget, which
won more than" $163,000; John. W.
Rogers, who handled the horses, of
William C. Whitney, and the West
bury stable, whose combined winnings
are $136,135; James Rowe, who was
in charge of Messrs. James R. and
Foxhall P. Keene's racers, which earn
ed $92,596; Alexander & William
Shields, whose racers, in- conjunction
with those of E. R. Thomas, have won
.$121,000, some of which, however,
must be credited to those Who preced
ed the Messrs. Shields in control of
the Thomas horses, and R. -I. Miller,
trainer for the Hampton stable, whose
colt, Africander, was the chief three
year-old stake-winner of the year. The
latter stable's winnings were $82,875;
John J. Hyland's management of Au
gust Belmont's racers earned $69,415.
Special Dispatch to The Call
/ Two of the matches of the Associa
tion Football League yesterday were
somewhat hollow affairs, the Tbistles
beating the Pickwicks 9 to 0 on the
Presidio Athletic Grounds in the morn
ing, and the Vampires winning 3 goals
to 0 against the Albion Rovers in the
afternoon on the cricket ground at
Webster street, Alameda.
In tLe Thistle versus Pickwick match
the ball was kicked off at 11 o'clock.
In a few minutes Strang kicked the
first goal, for the Thistles. A little
later a corner kick was landed right
in front of the Pickwicks* goal. Dun
can jumped in the air and headed the
ball between the posts. T. Smith kick
ed the third goal for the Thistles, the
Pickwick goalkeeper making a weak at
tempt to save. Lydon headed a fourth
goal for the Thistles, and Smith put
the ball between. the posts for the fifth
score. A hard, sharp shot by Taylor
resulted in a sixth goal for the This
tles. Duncan, from a hot scrimmage
in' front of goal, kicked a fine goal, the
seventh. Strang scored: for the eighth
time and Lydon, with a good shot along
the ground, secured a ninth point. The
Thistles were awarded a penalty kick
for hands within the penalty line. Ly
don lifted the ball over the goalkeep
er's head, but it went above the bar.
For the losers Grade at center half
and Cowan at center forward, played!
the best game, but they got little sup
port from their teammates. A. Robin
son was referee. The teams were made
up: £•>
Thistles — I/iwe, Tlerney. Forrest. Taylor,
Duncan. McGregor. It. Dlsher. Strong; Lydon.
A. Di*her, T. Smith.
Pickwicks — Cook, Bowden, Milne, Oakes,
Grade, Wardlaw, Sheddon, "Warren, Cowan,
Walters, T. Robertson.
Seat Pickwick Association Football
Eleven Nine Goals to Nothing
THISTLES WIN EASY VICTORY.
His Horses Take Nearly
$100,000 in Stakes
This Year.
WHITNEY LEADS
WINNING OWNERS
Oakland Turner Rifle Club, monthlv medal
Fhoot— B. Brunje 277. C. Springer 230. H. Land
rraf 317. P. Uth 2O4. H. Klern»nbroich 308 C
KdilueU-r 292. P. Relmers 77. H. Loeffier 245"
C. Kracke 271. U. R Wishing 261. H. Enelel
harrit 18«. F. Mante 344, M. Meinerke 122 H
Windmuller S57.
Hod Men's Schuetzen Company, monthly
m#dal fhoct — Championship class. C Oldair
<14: first class. H. Schult. 2R1; second class. J.
Ftelner. 324; third class. H. Schuls. ."C2: fourth
claw. C. Strippcl. tt~: best first shot, H. Cort
een. 21 ; bpst last shot. H. Cortsen, 22.
Dcutucher Krieger Verein, monthly medal
— First champion class. G. Hetzel. 4J5;
champion cla»>. J. Bender. 312: first class H.
Rilberrahn. 321; second class, not filled; third
rlaus. H. Henninrer. 3<t2; fourth class. C Hart.
nU, 297: tie»«t fiist #hot. H. S'.lberzahn, 24: beet
last shot. G. Hetzel, 25. Prizes In bullseye
Mioot were won by G. Hetzel and H. SUber
zahn.
Hattf-rio* B an<1 C, First Artillery, National
Guard of California, monthly, medal shoot at
:•(!», :;oo and 500 yards— O. Meyer. 2S. 20. 20;
H. J. Muscrave. 21. 13. 21; A. Gerdes. 17. 19.
1«: .1. S. Jon<»s 21. li». 13: J. C. P.oberts. 10.
2rt. 17: A. It. Curde*. 19. 17. 11; J. E. Flynn.
CO. 13. 1.".: S#TKfan» W. Galbraith. IX. ». R;
»', .1. Lsrim-'. 1.;. U, 11; E. Fileds. 17. 1«. 1«:
R. F. Puelflohn. J7. 20. 15: Sergrcant F. J.
Porey. 1». l». IS; <»rporal C. C. de Wolf, 22.
17. 21; H. W. Mitchell. IS. l«i. 17;
A. K. Anderson. IK IS, 13: Corporal C. Heine
man 22. 10. 12;-Con>cral C. Wynman. 20. 20.
17; Pen?e»nt T. McGilverj. 20. 20, 1«; A. I...
Bturart. 12. 14. 14: .1. n. Barker. 1«, 1«5. 12:
- •:¦«'.!..; w. W. Tliomrson. 22. 15. 19; C.
\\«!tham. 22. 21. 21: Corporal J. W. Cobby.
21. 19. 15: Servant W. V. Grant. 20. IK. 23:
Corroial K. O. 21. 17, 20; Corporal
G I.. Harnry. I*. 14 15: H. L. Orth. IS. 20.
5t: J. 1>. Klrchner. 17. 1<>. 10; Sergeant F. .1.
Kene. 20. 10. 17; E. kaustrrnau. 17. 11, 11:
A. R rord^s. 11. H'. 12: P. L. Sawyeris. 21.
IS 12: T. T. Smith. IK. 2f>. 20; C. W. Boxton.
7 11. 20- Corporal W. G. Pettv 17. 19. 10;
• 'artain G. J. Petty. 1(5. JK 1^: H. H. Mitchell.
17. 1*. 1>>: A. R. Coons. 21. IS 16; W. Strom
herjr. 10. 16 15: Corporal G. U. Hamey, 14.
lfi. IS: i^erccant A. S. Hetfleld, 1!>. 15, 20; Ser
r'pnt S. H. Stewart. 15, 18. 14.
Inif-pendent Hifles. monthly medal rhoct —
F. F'-hohay 20. TJouterant II. Schlichtmann,
". W. Gaetjen 12. B. Kilken 37. K. Wirhrok
ski r.l. I>. Mayer 42. J Behlmer 36. G. Hellen
*-?tf<t 47. H. G»<«jen 45. W. B. Cook 29. II.
<"Iactic.n Jr. 21. E. Marzoif 13. P. C. Petersen
2S H. Reinhardt .'JO. C. Schilling 15. S. Jones
43. Corporal II. Marzoif 53, C. Iverson 46, Ser
pear.t H. Guggy 27.
n^d Men'e Schuetzen Company, monthly
hulheye ehoot. for Captain g!«be . medal — H.
Srhult* 367. J. gteine- ?-". C, Oldar 122C. H.
Xioolal 1275. P. H. Rulffs 1400.
Third class iivo score* of ten shots each —
T. Nenirth 2»9. B. Schullcrts SIS. W. Oulld
<14, G. Skinner 25*>. K. Rc-hor 221. H. McKen
l«y S5<j. C. Boxton 323. E. Nirhaus 406, F.
FtoM* 2S2. D. Guild 4ffl, <\ Paulson 354, W.
P«u!*rn 403. G. Glucck .".32. V. Dubois 39«.
U Utlevergnr 1«O. A. Johnson ."73. C Grieb
:V7. \>T. Fraicfi 3.V). 3. Vera 2M. G. Paulson
:u«i2. J. M. Ker.n. y H.%4. T. Hurr SS:», G. W.
Hujrhes 373. H. Holmes 550. A. P.ohfp 243. P.
P. (^mith 277.
EbeU Mcur.d Pistol and Riflt? Club, first class.
tw» s?oreg of ten *hots each — L.. Siebe 325. W.
8i*>tx- 357. N. J. Nelson 1«<>, H. Kleinenbroich
-T79, H. P. Nelfon :«:o, R. S. VYixscn K.
Manie SI'S. H. Windmuller 378, W. Thompeon
C2i. J. Cobby Jl. Xiehaus >26.
t^.-ond c\a.rf--J. Rinsen 307 ./H. Wobber 120.
M. Kofod :;17. I*. Murphy 27 4, C. A. 'Jeirrine
1»O, D. L. Hopkins r.4'J. .1. Logu<? 2f>4. C. Pries
"4.;. A. Thompson :2>7. E. J. Harley 232, P.
raul^n 239, Dr. Roche 273. C Larson 340.
A. Gay 2.T5. H. Lang- 1£»O. K. Wixson 5<59, E.
Ijorenxra :>06. M. Lvtj<-n 202.
The best three tickets in each class
were won, respectively, by H. P. Nel
son. A. M. Poulsen and W. Guild. The
Siebe medal was awarded to the man
who could make the most- points above
his average for the best seven scores of
the year.
The day's festivities closed with a
frast and much speechmaking at the
park restaurant. F. O. Schullerts olii
ciated as toastmaster. Captain Siebe,
President Poulsen and Isaiah Choyn
ski made particularly pleasing ad
dresses. The Shell Mound Pistol and
Hifle Club has had a prosperous sea
son. Although only two years of age, it
is one of the best known of the shoot
ing organizations. It begins the new
year with increased membership and a
large surplus in the treasury.
The contents on the Shell Mound
ranges^esterday resulted as follows:
The other prize winners are as fol
lows: First class— J. Cobby 2657. H.
Windmuller 2634. R. S. Wixson 2604, H.
P. Nelson C5S7. W. A. Siebe 2559. H.
Kleinenbroich 2379. Second class — E.
Wixson 2362, A. M. Poulsen 2280. D.
Hopkins 2264. C. Pries 2172. John Rin
p*»n 2153. Captain G. Larsen 2058. Third
class— W. Paulson 2513, W. Guild 2527.
F. Dubois 2774, G. Glueck 2768, Dr.
Frates 2669. H. McKenley 2S25.
The home organization celebrated its
second anniversary at the Shell Mound
Park rifle ranges yesterday with an
award of annual prizes and a banquet.
Edward Lorenzen succeeded in putting
a bullet within .008 of an inch of the
center and carried off the kingship. J.
Cobby won the championship of the
club and the Captain Siebe medal.
Hermann Huber secured the honors in
the champion class without a struggle.
R. M. Tobin of the Whites scored the
first goal of the game. Tom Driscoll
tied the score almost immediately with
a brilliant shot from a hard angle. F.
J. Carolan sent the ball between the
posts for a second goal for the Reds
just before the close of the period.
Walter McCreery worked the ball out
of a scrimmage early in the second
period and ran it down the field for a
goal with but little assistance. This
made the score a tie again. The Reds
had the ball around their opponents'
goal for some time and nearly scored.
Tom Driscoll missed a goal by inches
early in the third period and Walter
McCreery stopped another from his
mallet as it was about to roll between,
the posts. Driscoll scored . the. goal
which * won the match . In the fourth
period. He first hit a goal post with
the ball and then drove it between the
pOStS.-;/ J
When the international match is
played in the spring Walter S. Hobart
may be in his accustomed place on
the Burlingame team. Four ponies are
being schooled by Heath, Mr. Hobart's
man, down country.
The DuVal brothers, the French polo
ists, are due this week. A noted South
American player is also coming here.
The players galloped up and assisted
him to dismount. After a short rest
he gamely remounted and tried to play
again. When he set his pony In motion
he found nis Injuries were more severe
than at first supposed. He dismounted
and was assisted to the clubhouse ver
anda, and thence to his home. Cyril
Tobin took his place on the field and
played out the period. "* V
An accident to Walter McCreery
after a minute of play in the fourth
period robbed the game of any further
interest for the spectators. Mr. j Mc-
Creery wrfs driving the ball up toward
the Red's goal at the westerly end of
the field. One of the Reds struck the
ball a sharp blow with his mallet. In
stantly there was an involuntary cry
of pain from Mr. McCreery and - he
seemed about to fall from his pony.
-Reds. • Whites.
T. A. Driscoll. ¦ ' C. Dunphy.
F. J. Carolan. W. McCreery.
J. O. Tobln Jr. E. W. Howard.
L. McCreery. - j R. M. Tobln.
A large "gallery" made up of society
people and those from the countryside
Baw the Burlingame Club men sporting
the red colors defeat the whites in an
interesting game yesterday by a score
of three goals to two. The game was
the first of the season played on the
private field of Francis J. Carolan at
Crossways Farm. The teams were
made up of the following players:
Alrth .Goalkeeper Smith
Petersen (capt.) . ..Left back John (capt.)
Martin Right back Lancastar
Langdale Left halfback Bayne
Harwood Center halfback. . . .Robertson
Glarner. Right halfback.. .Matthieson
Wilding Outside left Bradley
Kay Inside left Duquesne
Turner. .'. . . . Center | forward. . . .Glllchrot
Showell Inside right E. Orton
Buchly Outside right. Churchill
The Vampires and Albion Rovers
played- an interesting match for the
championship of the •• California Asso
ciation Football League yesterday on
the cricket grounds ! at Webster street.
Alameda. Henry Roberts, secretary of
the league, acted . as referee.
¦•"A few minutes . after the ball had
been put into play the Vampires scored
a goal. A penalty kick awarded to
the Albion Rovers. did not result in a
score. A little later the Vampire for
wards rushed the ball down the field
and, John .missing . his kick, a second
goal was scored. by the Vampires.
- Soon after -play had been resumed
after the - intermission the Vampires
put the ball between | the posts for the
third time. Martin, the right back of
the Vampires, Jumped in the air at one
of the Albion forwards, and the referee
awarded a penalty kick to the Albions.
Churchill took the kick, but the ball
hit one of the posts and bounded back,
while a second shot by ¦Churchill went
to one side of the goal.
-For the Albion Rovers John played
a good defensive game, and- Bradley
and Churchill on the wings did good
service. . For the Vampires Petersen
played- his usual strong game, hardly
ever/falling: to dear. Langdale and
Harwood in the halfback line did excel
lent work, 3 and Glarner assisted them
well. The forwards worked hard, the
right-wing being noticeably stronger
and more* energetic than the left wing.
The Thistles and the Vampires having
won ' their matches yesterday, no
change*, was made in the position of
the two leading teams, the Thistles
now having ten points and the' Vam
pires nine to their credit. The teams
occupied the following positions:
Vampires. Positions. Albion Rover*.
Reds Win the Game by Close
Score of Three Goals
to Two.
Losers Play Plucky Uphill
''Game Against a Stronger
Team.
Six Organizations Contest
for Their Special
Prizee.
Home Club Makes Merry
at Shell Mound
/ Banga
Walter. McCreery Hurt
in a Contest at
Burlingame.
Wearers of Red, Blue
and White Pail to
Score a Goal.
MARKSMEN HOLD
ANNUAL BANQUET
POLO EXPERT
HIT BY BALL
VAMPIRES DEFEAT
ALBION ROVERS
THE SAN: FRANGISCO <: GALL; -MONDAY; DECEMBER r 7,~ 1903.
SPORTS OF THE RACETRACK, THE RIFLE RANGE AND THE POLO FIELD
Owner of Divina Would Match His Mare Against Horatius
at Same Weights as Carried in the Handicap ~. Last Sat
urday—Jake Holtman Arrives— Last Week at Oakland
BOTH SYMPATHY AND CONDEMNATION
FOR RULED-OFF RIDERS AND BOOKIE
struck over the result of the ruling. He
said he had been backing: ' Adklns*
mounts and If there* was anything do
ing he was not aware of it. ; --'
Charlie, McCafferty,, with Jockey 8/
Bonner, arrived. yesterday. ;¦¦
¦ This will be the last week of racing
at Oakland for the present, as on next
Monday the scene will be shifted to In
gleside. The sport will. continue there
until January 2 and should prove In
teresting,- -as [ many | clever . performers
8Francisco article depicted and des
cribed therein is better for him and
his trade than a similar article which
he now buys in England or Germany,
nor. will the English or other foreign
merchants in China ' or Japan, who
handle the bulk of the foreign im
portations into those countries, be
convinced in a similar manner that
their Importations which now*origin
ate; in England or the continent of
Europe"* should be. diverted to -the
Pacific Coast of the United States. ;
The San; Francisco manufacturer, or
distributer must have, first, the article
required ; for . consumption, in the coun
try : In 'which he desires to extend, his
trade ¦ and, .what - is ; equally Important
he must solicit business in his line in
the same manner that he would seek
Stockton will have a fence factory, In
which will, be manufactured, all kinds
of farm, railroad and . \ ornamental
fences^ A company.has been incor;
porated wi th a capital of' $100,000, /with
R. E. Wilhoit asipreBide'nt. *"
Thus far, rut of. diverse interests, se
crecy and undue competition has come
a measure of order, system, stability
and satisfactory returns and, while to
favorable conditions in. the East 'might
be attributable a part of the result, it
cannot' wholly be so attributed, be
cause never before- in the his
tory of the business has there not
been times oi glutted markets and "red
Ink returns" from some of the dis
tributing points, and besides the ship
ments this year were greater than ever
before by several hundred carloads. -
With a proper selection and; careful
grading of the fruit and an expedited
scheduled freight service, and with pos
sible reductions in charges Indifferent
ways from time to time, I believe that
12,000 cars of deciduous fruit can be
marketed from California with as good
or better results in the future as ever
attained in the past, and the organi
zation and maintenance of the Califor
nia Fruit Distributors is a long step to
ward that consummation.
It is a long, stride In the direction of
intelligent and practical co-operation
in the handling of one of California's
chief products, with the consequent
benefit to the whole industry and to the
State. N^MffBfjfrfllmffcBfll^^
It is only because of the splendid
carrying qualities of the California
fruits and the intelligent packing and
preparing of same that they have
been able to maintain their present
position in the various markets,', and
there is no reason why the Industry
cannot and should not be maintained
upon a permanent, stable remunera
tive basis on average results for all
seasons. )• ".'}'.'-.'¦:¦¦':¦¦¦'/ :'...¦¦} '^
The past season, by discounting the
promised schedule time and ¦figuring
upon the probable arrivals in the sev
eral cities based upon the actual time
being made, very fair comparative re
sults -tfere attained. There were no
gluts or comparative oversupplles In
any of the markets and the net returns
were fairly satisfactory. How much
better they would have been with bet
ter time can only be estimated. .
PLEASING BESULTS.
The most strenuous efforts will be
put forth by the California fruit
distributors to obtain such a service,
and until such a service is had it will
not be felt that the most vital neces
sity of the business is secured or the
next most necessary reform accom
plished. Other reforms and changes
will have to and will be made, but lit
tle more can be accomplished until
this stumbling block is out of the
way.
week and the fruit arrives too late to
be put on sale. It must remain^ on
the track until Monday with constant
deterioration as regards- quality,' and
consequently value, and : on. Monday
other fruit would also be due, making
an undue and relatively improper of
fering. : y •'-• r-'.
The allottments having all been
comparatively made, If the cars that
did not arrive there Friday for sale
should be diverted to other markets,
It would throw the other markets out
of balance and the whole scheme of
distribution upset. Thus everything
depends upon transportation, for on
perishable products It is a well-known
and undeniable fact that a day lost
Is never regained, to say nothing of
deterioration and consequent loss on
shipments when to long en route.
STBENT7OUS EXEBTTONS.
The most serious problem to be
solved now ia the one of transporta
tion. Little more can be done toward
svEtemizing or Increasing the volume
of shipments until this important
matter is worked out satisfactorily.
We must have a regular as well as
an expedited service to the end that
we can know positively, barring ac
cidents,-just where a car of fruit
would be at any' given time.
About 60 per cent of the shipments
are distributed through the auction
markets. No fruit is sold In these
markets on Saturday or Sunday. Ship
ments are made from California
on every day. including Saturday and
Sunday. Suppose, for instance. - that
a certain number of cars were sent
to Chicago to arrive on in
time for the last auction sale of the
TBANSPOBT ATION NEEDS.
The saving in expense of telegraph
ing, mail, etc., much more than pays
the total expense of the organization.
The first season the endeavor was made
to direct a part of the distribution from
the Chicago office, but it did not work
satisfactorily, and this year all of the
distribution was directed from the Sac
ramento office, and the efficacy and
wisdom of this action is so manifest
and proper that I apprehend no one
will question the expediency again or
agree to any other action in the fu
ture.
The distribution of fruit to the auc
tion markets is made with the utmost
care and long experience in the busi
ness is called upon to direct what fruit
should be sent to the different mar
kets and to apportion to each market
the relative proper amount of fruit to
keep them all on a comparative equal
ity, after taking into consideration the
difference in the cost of transportation
and refrigeration charges to the dif
ferent points.
Another great benefit of united action
is the exploitation and development of
new markets. Fruit was placed this
year in no less than twenty-eight dif
ferent cities that never before had re
ceived California fruit in car load lots,
and while not all of them may prove
to be advantageous points, the most of
them undoubtedly will.
curate information of all shipments
previously forwarded, as they make all
sales, diversions and apportionments,
but they receive telegraphic informa
tion daily from all thi leading centers
stating present condition, prospective
demands, amount and variety of local
supplies and all othe*- matters perti
nent and necessary to the most intelli
gent distribution of the fruit.
They immediately stopped all private
consignments to outside points and de
termined that all fruits not sent to the
East to be sold at auction should be
sold on what Is known as the "f. o. b.
California plan." 1. e., that a minimum
price for the product should be fixed in
California and a draught for the value
of the car be drawn on the bill of
lading and manifest payable before de
llvery, of the car, and that under no
circumstances would the price agreed
upon be reduced on any shipments,
whether, sold before going or sold en
route, on any shipment leaving Califor
nia on the same day; the idea being
that the shippers when sending their
fruit to outside points should know
jast exactly what they were going to
receive for their fruit and that dealers
if they bought the fruit would be in
terested in maintaining prices rather
than cutting them; further, that those
who purchased the fruit, as long as
they had to purchase, would know that
their competitors could not buy at a
lower price than that at which they
could purchase, as it was believed that
if buyers could be guaranteed against
a decline that the business would be en
ergized and stimulated and a greater
distribution of products in the outside
markets be had, all of which has
proven to be the case.
NEW TEBBITOBY.
This condition of affairs would shift
from one point to another and the gen
eral experience was that where a mar
ket on perishable fruits once reached
a low point, unless there was a great
subsequent scarcity of that product, it
was extremely difficult to again raise
the level of prices to a profitable basis.
The formation of the California Fruit
Distributors was not an easy matter.
Some firms, because of location or supe
rior packing f>n their part or better
carrying quality of their fruit, enjoyed
advantages not common to others.
Some of them believed that if they
could keep en with prevailing methods
for a short time they could force their
competitors out of business and they
then would have the field entirely to
themselves, while all the time they
would b* likely losing money for all
concerned.
The present, general plan of operation
of the California Fruit Distributors is
cs follows: They do not purchase or
own a pound of fruit themselves, but
simply act es a clearing-house for the
different growers, shippers and asso
ciations w orking through them who
make their own carload shipments.
When a car is loaded the bill of lading
is indorsed over to the California Fruit
Distributors and is sent, together with
manifest and all pertinent information
regarding contents thereof, to the com
pany's headquarter* In Sacramento.
The car is then disposed of for the ac
count of the party loading the same.
DEFINITE BUBPOSES.
Once the bill of lading and manifest
of contents of car are received, the
management aims to place the fruit In
the best possible market for that fruit,
taking into consideration the variety,
its degree of ripeness and general
quality, and using their knowledge of
the needs, requirements and local or do
mestic supplies of the different mar
kets, together with previous shipments
as a basis of action.
Not only have they complete and ac-
Then acain when a market was in
tro.^d shape and the sale on a car would
bring satisfactory figures, the parties
representing different interests in that
<ily would immediately wire out to>
their shippers in California. 'Market in
fine condition; advise diversion and im
mediate shipment of large quantities,"
The result v.as that all shippers were
liable ta.takp, the same action and in a
few days, instead of having a good
market with fair returns, there would
be. a demoralized market and serious
CHANGING CONDITIONS.
BY ALDEN A2TDEBE0N.
Necessity led to the formation of the
California Fruit Distributors in May.
3?02. and the organisation Immediately
assumed all of the functions and duties
of the California Growers' and Ship
pers' Association, together with greatly
enlarged powers, duties and respon
sibilities, their business being not only
to Eire the utmost accurate informa
tion in regard to all shipments, etc.. but
to secure an even distribution thereof
to all markets.
M«mbenfcip in the organization in in
do way qualified by the quantity of
f-hlpments made. The shipper of one
c«r is given as much consideration as
»h? shipper of a hundred. There ar*
eleven directors, each of whom has a
vote in the fixing of policies and the
outlining cf general business directions.
Representation is thus not bawd on the
volume <A business done, but rather on
the individuals represented.
Prf"r to the organization of the pres
ent company, th^s? engaged in the In
dustry labored under the greatest of
disadvantages. Competition for busi
ness was keen with no regulation of
shipments. Shippers endeavored as
much as possible to keep their business
from their competitors, for that purpose
billing ell cars to ono city, making di
versions, which they kept to them
*-"lves. while, the cars were en route,
with the result, for instance, that a
city !ike Minneapolis, where three cars
• >f peaches might sell at good figures,
was at any time liable to have three
times that amount pent in by different
firms, which w-uld necessitate the sell
ing price being cut to a minimum:
w nil* a city like Pittsburjc might at the
time be without any fruit, where
as an equalization of the shipments to
th»» two markets wr>uid have meant re
munerative and satisfactory prices for
all concerned.
Orchard Products Go
to the East With
System.
Anderson Outlines
Plans of Much
Interest.
Goodwin Supplies the
Pointers for
Commerce.
He Definitely Shows ¦»
Where Trade
Awaits.
BY EUGENE GOODWIN.
The question of the economic position
of the Pacific Coast of the United
States in the f uture foreign trade of
the Pacific Ocean is an interesting one.
as it is now and will be a factor in the
growth and expansion of San Francis
co and of California in which all of Us
citizens are interested.
With ever increasing avenues of
trade to the Pacific Ocean being pro
jected and opened, such as. for instance,
the isthmian canal, the Tehuantepec
Railroad and connecting steamship
lines, the Orient and Gulf Railroad
MARKETING OF FRUITS AND MANUFACTURED ARTICLES CONSIDERED
IN ABLE PAPERS BY MEN WHO ARE ALIVE TO WELFARE OF THE STATE
State Enterprises Now
Contain Much
Promise.
Developments Give
Assurance for the
Future.
Pictures of some of the per
manent county exhibits main
tained by counties of California
in the hall of the California
State Board of Trade are pub
lished this morning. Many
more could be used to illustrate
the attractive methods which
certain counties have adopted to
bring their products before the
tens of thousands vrho annual
ly critically inspect the show
maintained by the State Board
of Trade. Those that are por
trayed to-day are sufficient for
the purpose,
It will surprise thousands to
know that there are thirty-six
California counties that have
not yet taken advantage of the
opportunities for display fur
nished in the ferry building,
through which at least 30,000
persons pass daily. The follow
ing counties are represented by
permanent exhibits in San
Francisco: Shasta, Tehama,
Butte, Placer, Sacramento, Hum
boldt, Mendocino, Lake, Sono
ma, Marin, Santa Clara, Contra
Costa, Solano, Nap'a, Alaxneda,
San Joaquin, Stanislaus, Fresno,
Tulare, Kern and Los Angeles.
To this should be added Santa
Cruz County, which will install
an exhibit of its products with
the beginning of the year 1904.
The counties that are not in
evidence in this city by an ex
hibition of their products in the
hall of the State Board of Trade
are: Alpine, Amador, Cala
veras, Colusa, Del Nbrte, El Do
rado; Glenn, Inyo, Kings, Las
sen, Madera, Mariposa, Merced,
Modoc, Mono, Monterey, Ne
vada, Orange, Plumas, River
side, San Benito, San Bernard
ino,. San Diego, San Luis Obis
po, San Francisco, San Mateo,
Santa Barbara, Sierra, Siskiyou,
Sutter, Trinity, Tuolumne, Ven
tura, Yolo and Yuba.
A strong effort will be made
by the State Board of Trade to
induce the counties not. repre
sented by exhibits to take ad
vantage of what is offered by
the board to gain the attention
of thousands of visitors who ar
rive in this city and are on the
lookout for eligible localities
in which to settle.
COUNTIES DIFFER
IN SECURING THE
CHANCES OFFERED
The manager of the State Board of
Trade has information from the San
Luis Obispo Board of Trade that an
incorporation has just been made in
San Luis Obispo County, with head
quarters at San Luis Obispo, for the
purpose of engaging in the business of
seed growing. The incorporation is
under the title of the Haven Seed Com
pany. The projector and head of the
enterprise, Mr. Haven, came recently
from South Haven. Mich., where he ha3
been farming 400 to 600 acres of land.
He hopes soon to be farming in this
branch on an equally large scale In
San Luis Obispo County.
Local parties have also become in
terested in thl3 new enterprise and
have invested money in it. Mr. Haven
says repeated failures in Michigan led
him to seek California, where climatic
and other conditions are favorable.
Manager Brigg3 also has a letter
commending the work now being done
in The Call to advertise the interior of
the State. The letter says: "I want
to thank you for the publicity given
tb!s county in your article In The Call
some weeks ago. 1 refer to some new
enterprises which had been started
here. Several Inquiries have been re
ceived/ as a result of that article. I
want to assure you that you will hav>*
the hearty and earnest support and
cc-operation of our Board of Trade In
encouraging homeseekers to come, and
in diiecting them after they reach the
State."
The Modesto Herald says that a
meeting of the directors of the Modes
to " Irrigation district will be held the
present week to fix the date for hold
ing a special election to refund $332.
000 in 6 per cent bonds that were us«»d
in the completion of the irrigation sys
tem. All excavation work has been
completed with the exception of one
lateral, which will be about three
fourths of a mile long.
POINT RICHMOND QBOWS.
The Point Richmond Record says leas
than three years ago Point Richmond
had a population of less than fifty
persons. Now. the population is more
than 4000. The locality also boasts
miles cf deep water frontage, where
largo ships can come close to thn
shore to discharge cargoes, the largest
oil refnery on the Pacific Coast, that
employs 1000 men, the terminus of a
great transcontinental road with two
other reads seeking an entrance, ac
tive house building, factories and foun
dries, stone works and other enter
prises.
The San Diego Union says that a
»juar»er of a mile of water front be
tween Pacific Beach and La Jolla has
been cold, to be improved.
According to the Chico Record, the
construction of buildings for the great
plant of the Diamond Match Company
is about to begin at Barber, which la
near Chico. The plans provide for a
large machine shop. 200x75 feet In size;
an office building 42x90 feet; also for a
planing mill, four storehouses, a box
factory^ a sash and door factory, a
power-house, a strawboard paper mill
and other buildings, all on a large
reale.
The Davisville Enterprise says that
plans have been draughted for an
opera-house and clubhouse for Davis
ville.
The Sacramento Bee tells of the re
cent Improvements In Sulsun. A large
tract of land has been bought as the
site of the Suisun Olive Company's
operations. The Portland Cement Com
pany will build an electric railway to
extend to Suisun from the company's
works.
The Redding Free Press reports that
recently twenty carloads of rich quartz
were shipped as one tralnload from
the Middle Creek district to the Kes
wick smelter.
The Humboldt Times reports that an
other power plant will be established
at the mouth of New River to furnish
light and power to the city of Eu
reka.
new trade territory in the domestic
market; that Is, by sending intelligent
agents to show his goods and push
their sale or, what is still more effec
tive, by establishing a branch house
in the principal distributing center of
the country In which he desires to sell
his goods.
LIMIT NOT BEACHED.
A campaign of this kind for new
markets means the expenditure of
money and probably slow returns, . if
not actual losses, for the first year.
There are, however, many Instances
known to have occurred among San
Francisco manufacturers and jobbers
during the past two years, where these
Intelligent methods have been crowned
with success, and the volume of busi
ness of firms enhanced to a .degree
that -would not have been possible in
the restricted home market.
These Instances of success may by no
means be followed by all others who,
may try the same . methods, but they'
are instanced because they show the
result of intelligent and up-to-dat;
methods In seeking foreign trade.
In a general way it may be said that,
based .upon the statements of many
persons qualified by experience and
knowledge acquired by residence in ?**
Orient and the 'Latin- American Stater
by the testimony of United States Con
suls and, still more forcibly, by the ex
amples at hand among the successful
local exporters, it is apparent that Cali
fornia manufacturers and Jobbers have
by no means enlarged their spheres of
distributive trade to their full extent.
Confronted by a restricted domestic f
market for their products, the only op
portunity for expansion lies over the
water.
The Pacific Commercial Museum af
fords facilities for the study of foreign
trade opportunities on the Pacific. Op
portunities are there, but each year
finds the competition more ke«a. We
should be up and doing.
During ,1902 Japan imported con
densed '-, milk valued at $322,000, of
which" the United States furnished milk
valued at $124,000, but only a very, small
proportion f of Uhis > article) was the Pa
cific .vCoajt\ 'product.; The {demand for
dairy ; products" both at home and
In discussing the foreign trade of this
port it is interesting to note the move
ments of foreign trade at the present
time, in countries connected by steam
ship lines with San Francisco and In
commodities produced on this coast.
India, for instance, Imports annually
dried and preserved- fruits and vege
tables to the value of more than half a
million of dollars. This supply of fruit
is shipped to India from the Straits
Settlements, France, Italy, Hongkong,
England, Arabia. Turkey, British East
Africa, Ceylon, China, Egypt, Germany,
Austria and the United States In the
order named.;
Canned fruits valued at $25,600. other
fruits and nuts valued at $2900 and
canned vegetables valued at $6600 were
shipped last year from all the United
States to all the British Indies which
includes India, the Straits Settlements,
Ceylon, etc, but the proportion furnish
ed by the. United States will be seen to
be very small when "compared with the
requirements of India for such articles.
India's imports of lumber were val
ued at $870,000 ; last year, to which the
United States contributed but $6700,
England, the Straits Settlements,.Aus
tria, Australia, Germany, Norway and
other countries beinc far ahead of the
United States in their trade with India
In this 'commodity. .'..
India imported last year wines valued
at $940,000, of which the United States
contributed ; but . $1800, twenty-three
countries being ahead of the United
States in their; shipments of this arti
cle to' Indial Included in these coun
tries Is Australia, which atpod. sixth
in the volume ' of . busiries with India,
exporting an -article certainly not su
perior to California's product.^but > sold
in quite -large quantities^ through- Ju
dicious advertising and; pushing sales.
OBIENTAL DEMANDS.
CONSUMERS' NEEDS.
from Kansas City to Port Stillwell on
the Gulf of California and its 'connect
ing steamship line thence to Oriental
ports, and the projects for other trans
continental lines of railroads across the
United States, if must be apparent to
the student of the subject that, while
these new avenues of transportation
will be of advantage to the marketing
of California products, the present dis
tributive trade of this port to foreign
countries, of articles not the product of
the State or coast must necessarily be
affected adversely to our interests..
Assuming this to be true it behooves
capital to develop with all energy pos
sible new industries in this State,
where the raw material used in connec
tion therewith is available to rail and
water transportation and for the pro
ducts of which there is already a de
mand on this coast.
TYPICAL STATE BOARD OF
TRADE EXHIBITS PERMA
NENTLY MAINTAINED.
- The importer in Peru will not : be
convinced ; by a , catalogue, especially
if; ;¦ printed in English, that a San
South Africa offers an inviting and
ever increasing field for the sale of can
ned fruits and vegetables, lumber, etc.,
and the Pacific Coast has contributed
to the quantities shipped there, yet it
is known that the majority of the
business in these commodities is
not done direct with the importers in
South Africa, b'ut in many cases
through • English houses, with the re
sult of increased cost to the consumers
and possibly lower prices to the local
exporter.
How many manufacturers and job
bers of San Francisco realize that
the value of shipments to Alaska dur
ing the fiscal year 1903 was $3,266,
500, of which they furnished less than
one-third— the merchants of Puget
Sound and Portland having ' shipped
goods valued at $6,300,000 to an Im
portant market which has more than
trebled in' value since 1895?
These few instances, of opportuni
ties for the extension of trade abroad
for Pacific Coast manufacturers and
exporters may be multiplied many
times, and if each case" were intelli-.
gently exploited increased exports
from this coast would undoubtedly
follow. - The Increase in the volume
of trade would not come by leaps and
bounds, but each year would show the
results of intelligent efforts.
As an exporting nation of manu
factured articles,' the < United States Is
yet young in comparison -"with Eng-.
land and continental Europe, and
many of the methods of the older
countries of acquiring arid .keeping
foreign trade are worthy of emula
tion by many United States export
ers.
England and Germany hold the
larger share of the trade of South
America through the branch houses
.of, London, Liverpool and -'Hamburg
firms ' located at the principal ports
of that continent. . These - branch
houses know the trade requirements
of each country, -comply with 1 them;
grant liberal terms of credit and in
turn\, preserve 'the ; balance of -\ trade
with/ their home countries by export
ing to. them* the raw. products 'of South
America, some of -' which actually
reach the United States via European
ports/ .'.-,
MUST HA VE. GOODS.
The annual imports by China of can
dles of various sizes, colors and weights
are valued at $300,000, and the inhabit
ants of the Philippine Islands consume
each year importations of the same ar
ticle valued at $125,000. California pro
duces the raw materials of excellent
quality and at low cost reauired in
the manufacture of candles, yet our
manufacturers have not yet seen fit
to cater to this trade by providing new
appliances required in the production
of the size and quality of candles de
sired by the consumers in China and
the Philippines, but are content to leave
the field clear to the manufacturers in
England, Belgium, Germany and Spain.
The demand for foreign beer and
wine in China is increasing rapidly, and
last year the importations were valued
at $885,000, yet England, Germany and
France provided the greater part of
these articles and Japan provided a
large and Increasing quantity of beer,
while the United States contributed
but $100,000. in the value of these prod
ucts shipped to that country.
FIELD IN AFRICA.
abroad should stimulate California dai
rymen to renewed- activity and enlarge
operations to permit their sharing in
the trade of foreign markets contigu
ous to this port.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL'; 'MONDAY. DECEMBER 7, J903.
9
Tosrxne. ceiwiat..
A SURE TEST
Of Whether Coffee Really Hurts or
Not.
Some folks drink coffee and suffer
Kday after day, but console themselves
by paying, "I don't believe it hurts me,
or at any rate I am not sure that it
does."
The sensible thing to do is to make
sure by leaving off coffee and using
Postum for a week or so. The trial
is pleasant and you may learn some-
thing worth more than money to you
in the way of health and strength.
An Intelligent woman, who valued
her health and comfort, made sure.
She says: "I have proved positively
that when I used coffee I had kidney
and bladder trouble, palpitation of the
heart, stomach trouble, insomnia and
my complexion was sallow and muddy,
but I got rid of all these troubles when
I quit coffee and took on Postum Food
Coffee. All my troubles disappeared
quickly, almost as if by magic and in
their place I became strong' and well.
"I soon learned to like Postum as
well as I ever liked coffee and I would
>not exchange my delicious cup of Pos-
;um for coffee and sickness for any-
thing in the world." Name given by
Postura.Co., Battle Creek. Mich.
Look in each package for a copy of
the famous little book, "The Boad to
Wellvilie."THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY/ DECEMBER. 7, 1903.
10
C1T»1!S BPPTPBS.
WHO DOES IT? HUNTER. 1206 Market St.
Bend for circular. Why will you suffer?
DENTISTS.
DR QKUBsC 5oV-5-8~Callaghan bldg.. Market
aad McAllister sts., uses the Basford Obtun-
der the only device ever Invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at offlce.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr.Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made o%er like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown. $3 50: fillings. COc:
plates. $5: full set; all work painless and war.
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
A. ARTHUR CHISHOLM, eursreon dentist,
room 14, Phelan building, San Francisco.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Set teeth $1 50 up; yowns $2 up: fillings 25c.
GOLD fllllnes. 75c: silver. 35c; crowns. $2; no
pain: open Sunday. Dr. O.B.He wilt, 204 Sutter.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
STYLISH evening dresses. $4; store suits alter-
ed. 710 Polk' St.. bet. Eddy and Ellis.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure:eve.class. 1019 Mrkt.
ED t CATION AL.
¦"hEALD's" ljUSIN CSS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and iilcht sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
AYRES, the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket St.; special summer course In all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free: life scholar-
ship. J50; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkin st.
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods: Individual In-
struction. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
between Pine and California: both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, lay and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
For; day and evenine sessions. Phelan bldg.
THE PAUL GERSON School of Acting, the
foremost Institution of the kind In the entire
West; 12 teachers: send for catalogue. Na-
tlTe Sons' bldg., 414 Mason St.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1238
Market st. — Practical, progressive, reliable;
day and evening sessions; write for catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elet.. mln., mech., sur-
¦ vey, assay, cyanide; day, ev. ; cst. 1664. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrlclty.24 Post
St., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equloment. Special catalogue free.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday, Sun-
day evgs., Teutonla Hall, Howard st., nr.
9th. Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
EUGENE DE FOREST SCHOOL OF ACTING.
Saratoga -Hall. 840 Geary St.; call 2 to 5.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
• PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st Night class.
' ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. Oth.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORG^^OKlT~5rPosrTt.: tel. B^sh~138~
Japanese-Chinese employment offlce; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Offlce^ — .lapanese-
, Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel Main 57S!i.
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Offlce. 415
Stockton: tel. Grant IBS; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Jimployment Of-
flce; all kindo help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S9.
JAPANESE Henry Housecleanlng Co. Tel.
James 1C51. L'aiVi Brannan st.
CHINESE Empjpyment Office— Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411^ O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese help; cstab. 20 yearn.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
ESI I'LO YMEOT >'. WANTED— FEMALE.
A SWEDISH cook with good references wants
a situation: $;:0 to $35. Address MISS
PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St., near Powell.
A NEAT German girl, can't speak English,
would llko a position to do upstalr3 work
and sewing. . 1350 Jackson st.
GOOD German girl wishes position; general
housework; $20 to $25 month. Bcuc 50, Call
Branch Offlce, Churchand Duncan sts*
A COMPETENT, well-educated stenographer
•of 8 years' ¦ business experience, who Is fa-
miliar with bookkeeping and general offlce
work, would like position first of the year at
a good salary; highest refs. Box 3110, Call.
AN* American woman wants a'- place as work-
ing housekeeper; no objection to cooking for
hired men or take charge of rooming-house.
Box 37S0," Call office. i
ARTISTIC dressmaker Is open for engagement ;
as forelaclv; no obiection to £an Jose or
neinhborlnc towns. -MADAME DORE. box
3717. Call.
, WANTED— Position as * working housekeeper
by young Englishwoman: experience and ref-
. crences. Box . "734, Call.
YOUNG woman: wants •position as working
housekeeper; thoroughly trained; country pre-
ferred. -Box 871;. Call ¦ office. •.. ¦¦
3V ANTED — Position as "lady's nurse by experi-,
oneod woman: capable of taking care of child.
Apply box 3134, Call offlce. . .
GERMAN lady' wishes to take care of, children
when : parents go out shopping. * Phone Red
¦ - 4041.'" .;.- ;. C ¦ ' ¦" "
GERMAN woman, •; c>in : do any kind of work,
wishes pome more enss.« r ements by the day;
$1 SQ.carfarc.-!, Phone Red 4641.
A COMPETENT stenographer wants a perma-
nent situation: familiar .with general offlce
work. -...- Box 3703. Call. - . -
s REFINED young lady • wishes position v in wld-
- ewer's home as managing housekeeper where
servant Is. kept. Eox S«4, Call offlce, Oakland;
WOMAN ' wants, work . by day; -¦ $1 ' 50 ; per day
and carfare. MRS. OSGOOD.* 115 ' Hayes st.
GIRL "4. 14 ' ¦ years . old " wishes to • learn ' ladles'
'tailoring. ,.261 Shipley^ *V^SfmmUBSSKSSm
FIRST-CLASS: laundress wishes work by the
; day. : 77; Ninth st.v
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE.
POSITION . wanted by respectable lady as
housekeeper In widower's family; first-class
references. Box 859. Call office, Oakland.
A YOUNG girl would like work la bakery.
Call at 342 Fifth st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch of flee, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094
Valencia st. :
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
STEADY, reliable Scandinavian wants work of
any kind: can drive and care for horses.
Address box 3149, Call.
COACHMAN of long experience, with Al ref-
erences, understanding oil about horses, as
stableman for . private house or any kind ot
work arounl horsesj Address box 3128, Call.
AN elderly single German is open for a posi-
tion where general administrative ability,
with practical knowledge of all agricultural
• branches, ; especially forestry, would be In
requisition. Box 456S. Call office-. ¦
AN elderly single German is open for a posi-
tion where' general administrative ability,
with practical knowledge of all agricultural
branches, especially forestry, would be in
requisition. Box -IMS, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by an energetic young
roan, capable of handling mining proposi-
tions, "placer or quartz; no objections to go
Ing to Mexico. Address box 3113, Call.
POSITION wanted— A reliable married man;
understands care of horses, carriages and
harness and can milk; wife good cook and
laundress; reference.- S. D.. 77 Ninth st.
AN experienced office man desires employment
as shipper or other position of trust 'in a
wholesale or manufacturing house; highest
references. Box 3113. Call. " > -
POSITION of trust or collector by a middle-
aged married man; first-class reference from
last position of 15 years. Address box 3720.
Call offlce.
BARBER, young man. wants situation under
good Instructor to finish trade; can shave
good and hair cut. Further Information box
2S93. Call offlce. >.—'
POSITION wanted by middle-aged man as
waiter or dishwasher in a restaurant or ho-
tel; country preferred: speaks four different
languages. Address F. R.. 1200 Howard st.
BARBER desires poeltlon for evenings and Sat-
urday (Sunday). 1410 Larkin St., near Cali-
-fornia; call before 9 a. m., bet. 3 and 4:30
and after 8:30 p. m., except Sunday.
EXPERIENCED gardener wants position; lata
gardener for Governor Markham; best ref-
erences. Box 870. Call.
ANY honest work, with chance for promotion,
by honest young man. Boa 872. Call office,
Oakland. ¦ -' _^
ENGINEER and electrician wants a position;
can give beet of references. Address
GEORGE MANES. 840 Castro St., Oakland.
EXPERIENCED electrician wants position;
can give best of references; has had 9 years}
experience. "Box 875. Call offlce, Oakland.
ENERGETIC young: man desires position as
collector or salesman; references. Box 2S95,
Call offlce.
WANTED — Position as Janitor; capable of tak-
ing charge of building; best of references.
Box 31 -14. Call offlce.
COMPETENT painter wants work for private
parties, or In hotel, by the day or Job. Box
37C8, Call offlce.
AS corrf-spondent, situation wanted; English,
Spanish, French, German: references. Box
2871, Call offlce.
A YOUNG man with the best of city references
wishes position as salesman or solicitor.
Box 37C2, Call offlce.
A SOBER and steady man wants position as
janitor, watchman or running elevator; first-
class references. Apply J. J. M., 129^ 6th.
A SOBER, Industrious man, willing to work,
wants position In business house, or to drive
wagon. Box 2S34, Call. *_
WANTED-^-A situation by ablebodied man In
wholesale house; good common school educa-
tion. Api>ly PUTNAM. 40 Oak st.
MAN wants to finish barber trade: has had 2
years' experience. Address WILLIAM WIL-
SON. 988 Howard st.. city.
A. GOOD bed maker or night clerk wants a
situation. Address 203 Ellis ave.
A^GOOD machinist and toolmaker desires cm-
. ploymont. Address box 2S75. Call.
A YOUNG' iran, prerser, wants position where
he can learn to make pants. Box 2S78, Call.
WANTED — Place as" night watchman. J.
JACKSON, 309 Oak et.
WANTED — Position as pressman. 425 Sutter
Btreet.
MAN wants position as bookkeeper: references
furnished. Box 873. Call offlce, Oakland.
POSITION as , watchman by steady, reliable
• man.- Address box 2SC9, Call office.
FOREMAN on a ranch and also a pood black-
smith, wants a position. Box 37 IS, Call.
YOUNG man would ' like work of some kind
E. BERG, IS Franklin st. '¦
HONEST Japanese boy wants a place as school
boy: : speaks English; understands house-
work. I. HASHIMOTO, 807 Polk st., Japan-
ese , Mission. ,
JAPANESE, first-class cook, wants position In
small, family in Satt ilateo ; waces $-5 up
Address YAM A. 415 Seventh St.. Oakland;
tel. Black -2432.
A JAPANESE laundryman wants to work In a
saintly In town; 15 years' expsr.'ence lrf JjpJ»-
$35 j to $50. TAGUCHI. 035 Sacramento st. '
GOOD.Jarjano.se warvts a position to do half-
day general housework;. $2 50 week. HASH1.
miHalghtst. Tel. Fell 7331.
HONEST young Japanese wishes position
where he can - get time to study In certain
, hours of . day. ¦ Box 3138, Call office. .
FIRST-CLASS : Japanese cook wants a • place ¦
; clty or country. 919 Webster St., Oakland. '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of flee, 2200 Fillmore st.
A; BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
f ubscrlptlons has been established at ' 1099
,VAlenr!n Rt.
-'.--.. '. rACIAI. MASSAGE. ;
A— WRINKLES removed: fine complexion guar-
T a nteed, r.e'.v method: BOc. ,M."LUTON.' manl-
¦ curing parlors. 764 Larkin st.; phone Polk 17.
-¦ ¦-',¦"-''"--.: F1XAKCIAL.
COMPANIES ' Incorporated.' financed' and stock
:-¦ floated. - W. H. BITTNER. Lawyer and Fl-
' ¦ nancial Agent, 322 Emma : Spreckels, ; bldg.
THE^CALL i
. .j
JOas Z>. EPHECKEZ.3, Proprietor.
TjS'tJisiiEiBU^riOH'a^lDBHT, Kanagtr
"vV. J. MARTIN Business Manager.
TELEPHONE.
.-tk Scr THE CALL. The Operator V7J1I Con.
aect You With the Department You Wish.
fs&icaxlea Office Market and Third. S. F.
r<5itorlel Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Le!Ivered by Carriers. 20 Cti. Per Week, 73
Ct*. I*r Mcnth. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Tertrs b> Mail. Including Postage (Cash With
Order) : ~'"li
r.'.ILT CALL (lnc!ud. Sun£ay>. 1 Year SS.CO
i'AiLY CALL iinclud- Sunday). « mos *<W j
l.AILY CALL— By Smjrle Mouth Jj* j
? 1>DAY CALL. 1 Year yXJM
Va.TCKLT CALL. 1 Ye-ir i. 1 . 00 - 1 ,
rCfidGJC I l>s.!ly...$S.8O Per Year Extra
«;," Sunday.. 416 Per Yrsr Extra |
J-OtTAOE. J vvSS£ j.GO Ter Yesr Extra
ALL lOSTMASTElTi ARE AUTHORIZE!.
to nix:niVE eubscriptions.
tan-;ile Cc-fie* will be fcrwaried when re-
Quested.
Stall f-b£rr:bers in ordering change of «<J-
trtn rr.c-.:!d be particular to give both NEV.
AN'ii OLD ADDRF.SS In order to insure a ,
fc.-cjrpt arid cc-rrect ccicpllsnce with tue.r re-
<;-*«. I
OAKLAND OFFICE. j
:il« Ercr.iwa> TOleplxne Main 10S3 j
F.ERKEI-EY OFFICE. . •
214$ Center Street Telephone North *l
TTAEHINGTON COKRESPONDENT:
V'ORTO.N E. CRANE 14«. G Street. 1*. W.
TC7.W YORK NEWS STANDS:
vw.derr-.'.f'uria Hotei; A. Brentano. 31
Union £<ju«r«?; Itamy llfil Hate!; Fiftn-ave-
r.ue licf.i cr.i UoCnaa House.
: -:
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
f-herrrar. House; P. O. News Co.: Great i
KortfcCfa Hottl: Tremont Jiouw; AuSitariura j
Herd; Patoser House. ;
CHICAGO BEPR2SEXTATTVE:
C. irzOKGE Kr.OONK?S...Marquette BuUfilng
<Lcr.g Distance Teieph.'ae. "Central 2t5l9."')
NEW TORIC REPRESENTATIVE:
£TEPH£K U. SMITH 3o Tribune Building
:>EW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BrSXKEES OFFICE of The San Francisco j
Csil. Market and Third streets: open j
until 12 o'ciock every nipht In the year. ¦
BRANCH OFFICES: i
K«r* Market etreet: open until 11 p. m. j
f27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open un- j
t!i fir.10 D. m.
8f»» Haytt ttrect; cpen until 9:Z0 p. m. "<
C3© McAllister street: cpen until 9:30 p. m. \
1341 Mission street; cpen until 10 p. m. k ;
CIS Larkin etreet: open until 9:30 p. m. I
2i*fi Market street, corner Sixteenth: open un- j
ti! 0 c. m. j
;<•« F>ver.:h street: cpen until 1» p. m. •
fOCi Valencia street: open urtil 9 p. m. ¦
Northeast corner Church ar.d Dur.can streets; :
rr»n until 3 n. m. ;
KUIlilMl corner of Twenty-seconi and Ken- |
tacky streets: efen until 9 p. m.
rpfft F'llrrri'^ street: mvr »rH) n p. m.
rmrncn *Kuv«rr.«.
EVANGELISTS McCLURE from Ireland and i
Blair frcm Australia will hold *r*<Ha.l meet- I
irifrr nwqr cvralns this week at 7<45 &t j
Co»r'l Hall. 3ftV> Sixteenth St.. near VaJen- >
<*'.a. Everybody cordially invited. No col- j
lertior.g. t
¦ ¦ =3 i
MEETIXGS — TH ICO SO PHI CAL.
S»er Egyptian. Hlndco occult; reads daily: cir-
c\tt Wed.. Fri.. Fun.. 8 p.m.; 10c. 540 Ellis St.
MEETING XOTICBS.
ASYLITM of Golden Gate Commandery _.
No. 16. K. T.. 025 Gutter st.— Stated
ancaobly THIS EVENING, at « O
o'clock. Order of TemjUe. All frateis iW
are courteously Invited. By, order of
the commander.
THEO. FROLICH. Recorder.
SAN" FRANCISCO Charter No. 1. Royal m
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVEN- V\f I
ING. Business and M. M. degree. /ttN
H. G. PRINCE. Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. £2, F. ar.d ® I
A. M.-THIS "MONDAY) EVENING, VV
at 7:30 o'clock. Annual meeting and />r\ j
election of officer*. ;
WALTER O. ANDERSON. Sec. ;
HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. and A. m
11. — Stated meetir.g and ejection of 'vy i
o:nc.:* THIS DAY (MONDAY). De- /\f\
r-ember 7. 19C5. at 7::s0 o'clock p. m. *.'l
By criier of the W. M. \
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary. I
TO th« o'.fic?rs and members of Rig- #— I
£<ms' and Stevedores' I'nlon. Local JSf
J.r. of the 1. U M. and T. Assn.— JS»&
X< -i art hereby nctl5cd to attend *&££
•¦':.' :'t-..'sr meeting ot this union, to \(y*iJ
b*_ held TO-NIGHT. MONDAY. tf*tZZ,
DecembT 7, Ht«K o'clock, at cur
hall. tXK> Front st. Business of preat Im-
portance to com? before the meetlne. By i
crrier of THOS. F. BRYANT. President.
HENRY JE.ND, Rcc. Sec •
THE regular . monthly aCicIfG^Stffcu^
MONDAY. December yS^SaE?*** '
p. m. A full attend-
ance ie requested. J. I. EPEAR, Sec. '
GEOGRAPHICAL Society cf the Pacific— A I
ttat'd meeting will be rie'.d in the rooms, I
419 California St.. on TL'ESDAY. feth Inst.. I
at 2 o'clock p. m.. for routine business. By
ct4*t. GEORGE DAVIDSON. President, t
JOHN PARTRIDGE. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS notice— A Job-let of Xmas bocks. 15c
*rch: s»ll tor $1. Send 25c for sample copy.
llocm S12. 708 Market St.. S. F.. Cal.
ATTOK\K\ S-iT-UW.
W. H. BITTNER.
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Phone Scuth 743. ;
Suite 222. Emma Spreckels building. ;
Divorces quietly and Ie£-ally obtained for '
#ijrht causes; damages t-e---ur«tl for injuries to |
person or estate; replevins for property un- '
"awfully detained; attachments and garnish- i
meets for debts: bonds furnished; bankruptcy j
1-Toee-edir.r! ; wills probated: estates settled;
collections made In all parts cf the U. S. •
» PRIVATE, quick divorce for a mc:i1I fee, i
See me and save money: no pay in advance, i
O. W. HOWE. ATTOKXEY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 > rr. ; rms. 1. 2. 3, 4 & 3, 1st fl. I
3122 Market et., between Mason and Taylor! I
Advice fr»-». cti matters. Detectives employed! |
AA — THE Legal Airlsory. Inc.; leiitb'.e attor- j
n«?ys; practice In all courts: attachments, di- '
vcrce estates, bankruptcy, prubats. 311 j
R1JA, Z.IIH Ctossley bldg.. NE. cor. New'
Montgomery and Mission sts. ; t»). John 2320 j
S*\ W. KING. AtJcrnc-y-at-Law. Exam blCs. j
Cth floor entrance room flll: estaMMMd 20 [
vears: »!! cases; general court and offlce I
practice: nc fee 'n advan^ or fcr consults- '
tlcn; everlnca by appointment. T»c-1. n«-d 3C01. j
I>VICE free — I will advance cost in meritori- '
out cases, divorces, prcbate ?.nd all other law !
cases: no ?ee« In Mvasec; open tvrry even- i
:rg. J. M. THUKSTON. S19 Market Et., r. :51.
ADVICE FREE. ~ |
Columbian Law aid Collection Agency, i
Roorr. S'5. 9!C Market rt.; tel. John C228. |
DIVOP.CE costs $12; <j«tck and qu'.et: open
yvenir.gf. Examiner bull<31r.g. room 315. ;
DIVORCE cc*t* $:2: open rvenines; tenants
e.»ect«d. $5. fllC t;»rk»t. r.C2;phone Black CM.
DIVORCE — Costs. $12: quick, quiet- advice
ire*; open evesirs*. 0^7 Market «il.. r. SOL
L. F. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bUlg.. 027 Mar- '
km 6t.; '.-onsuiution free: r.o fees i.i advance. !
ADVICE free; no charge uriess successful; all
!.tw butlnet.;. W. W. Davidson. »27 "Market.
niRn.v dogs. etc. '
¦WARBLING canerles. talking pTrrots! an I
klads of ecsjr and farcy b!rd»:; Koldfish seed i
csgeii, ete. Give u* a trial; we will please :
>x>u. 154C Market st. *
POARDIXG FOR CHILDREN^ j
A GOOD home for 1 or 2 children; ttrms rea- !
jHXMhl: AcSdrees box 2860, Call ofSce. ;
Nl'RfE wishes children t>> board: private fam- !
liy: b<tt of reference*. Box 2S42. Call office.
COLLKCTIOV OFFICES."
HAD tenants ejected for St: collections made-
rltv or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 tlotitsorr.crr. rooms 9-10: UL SSSO.
¦2 BIJiSIXESS Cll AJVCES.
VOtl «sale— Otinc-r c!T:t>. tb- complete furniture
nearly new. c ( iliftM.i.. 2 dining-room*.
JrSU-hen' and Iwrrooir'.. '-.1th bar llcensf,
r*..vck anJ U-yc+r iean. vi tl:e best paying
iicisl in the city, cu d i .¦¦.ijt the amount in- J
\*^tto; ier. pt\A able afni rvcli tormted; partim i
having U-tw than .*2o,'W n*-»J not apply; over j
ViOOO per monUi s>ruflt saarantced to any ons j
«ho understands the business. Address 215,
MASON' OPERA-HOUSE. Lt« Angeles. Cal.
FOR ea'.e — Delicatessen store; ilr.e lunch room:
fs^ar Msiket »t. ; cheap rent; 7 furnished
roctas: everything complete. A. STENBERG
CO.. ;S2 3 .a Uarket ct.
I BUSINESS CHj^CES-— Cjmtlniied. |
I R^rOr&WlLICK.'WRcal Kstate-and Business
1 Agent (established 14 years). 26V4 Kearny
| it-, rooms 9 and 10. ;
!A JI60O COFFEE faloon and restaurant on j
the water front, close to Market st.: daily
leceipts about $C3: business clearing $300 P«T
mcnth- trial RlveD: a splendid offer: Investi-
gate at cr.ee. See R. G. WII.KE. 26H
Keamy st.
A— $3100; HOTEL and barroom with 30 rooms.
lti Point Richmond: rent $100: rooms always
occu?>d by employes of railroad and Stand-
ard Oil Company; board bill iraaronteed by
company; owner never clears less than $300
per month. Call R. G. WILKE. 2C^
Kearcy st. ¦
A— J»t<); EALOON on water front, with 8 fur-
Dished rooms: 3 Iron bedsteads In each room;
2»« years' lease; rent $<J5; rooms alone pay
170 per month and saloon dclr.g a good busl-
nets. Pee R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
! a— $35<»; KMPUJYMENT office, doing a good
i tuslr.ess; must be sold at once on account
cf clcknets in owner's family. Call R. O.
J WILKE. 28% Kearny st.
I A— S1S00; HALF Icttrest In one of the best
corner raloons cn w&ter front; lease; dis-
agreement of partners .cause of sale; will
eell whole for J34OO. Call R. O. WILKE.
2«H Kearny et.
A— $1250; CORNER mloon on Fourth *t., close
to E. P. freight sheds; 8 furnished rooms
and kitchen: a stood paying business. Ses
R. <i. WILKE. 2SH Kearny at.
j a — $£00; 'DAIRY produce and delicatessen
! ctore; rent I2L"; business clears above $100
I per inor.th: llvintc room*: value • In sight,
i Call K. O. WILKE. ZCV 3 Kearny at.
I A— 52000; EALOON on Kearny St.. about 2 i
i blocks from Chronicle building; place e*tab- j
lished years and doing a good business: or i
cne partner will tell his Interest for JlOOo;
disagreement cause cf eale. See R. G.
WILKE. 'MV- Kearny st. j
A— 5i20O; COFFEE zalocn and bak-ry: close to
Plielan building; a good paying business, !
tut must be sacrificed on account ol owner j
being sick In hcscltal. Particulars R. G. ,
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st- |
A— $3250; LEADING ealoon on Market and
Muon !ti.; net rent $150: lease with priv-
ilege of 5 years more; value in sight. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26»4 Kearny ft.
i A— $GM: CIGAR etand on Montgomery et.; a
j J700 cigar stand on Ellis St.; atock at In-
voice; a $200 fipar stand on Third st.: stock
at invoice- a $100 rlgar stand on Eddy St..
*tvck at Invoice. Cal! R. G. WILKE. 26^
Kearny st.
A— *12S0: COFFEE *aloon on Geary St.; rent
*45. R. <3. WILKE. -»6H Kearny at. •
A WHOLESALE and retail butcher business
i in Monterey County, with f» acres of land,
dwellir.5 house, slaughter house, shop flx-
! tur«-s boiler tanks, etc.; 8 horses, wagons
! and a well established trade: this Is a flrst-
i ola«s business proposition. All particulars,
j R. G. WILKE. 26>4 Kearny st.
i A $3500 corner saloon, about 1 block scuth
of Chronicle bids. ; established years and a
! firet-c!ass paying place; fullest investigation
i eolicUed: this is a very rare chanoe. Call
I R. G. WILKE, 26ij Kearny St. j
| STRANGERS. ATTENTION!
: Are you looking for a safe and profitable busl.
i ness opening in Fan Francisco? If so, we can
offer vou any number requiring an investment
from $10<» to $50,000: even' business oppor-
tunity tfcat passes through our offlce must
stand the closest investigation, and we can
I-Iace you in a store, factory, hotel, mill, of-
fice, or. in fact, any business you may prefer; j
kindly call and Investigate.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit 321. Emma Spreckgls building.
! JT^ MERCHANTS. ATTENTION.
I Do you with to enlarge your business, or do
i you -J-eire additional capital? If so. we can ;
< furr.i'h you with an active or silent partner ¦
who will invest from $100 to $50,0t'0; we
have a large number of desirable applicants
cn our book* seeking s?ood business openings.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit 321. Emma Spreckels building.
A LEGITIMATE mercantile business; estab-
Mfhed for many years; Is desirous of Interest-
ing capital to the extent of from $5000 to .
$20,000- will bear the closest investigation. ,
This I* no wildcat scheme or 100 cer cent
proposition: no asentsi'only principal will
be dealt with. Bex 3740. Call. ±
I HAVE cash customers for saloon, central lo-
cation. S4QO0 to $5000.
Orocery with clean stock, $1500.
Lodginc-house, 1- to 15 rooms.
Livery Etable. situated for boarders. Ap-
I ply to A. H. ANDERSON, auctioneer, room
20, second floor. Phelan buildinc.
A— WORKINGMAVS boarding-house; good lo-
I cation: low rent: steady boarders; no agents.
box 2S03. Call offlc-e.
! $25'J0 WILL easily earn $25,000 in 2 years; no
fal>p. Hox 31 4S, Call.
i FOR eale — A cigar stand next doer to the new
I Tivoil Theater. Apply 113 Eddy st.
' HAVE you anything to sell or money to Invest?
! Write us for particulars; agents everywhere.
' Altadena Investment Syndicate, 708 Market
i et., San Francisco, Cal.
! WANTKD — Partner, intelligent man. $15,000
rapi'-a', for wholesale manufacturing busi-
ness: c.icd profits; o!d established. Box 2S51.
Call efflce.
FOR PALE— A weu established harness busi-
ness in the thriving olty of Chlco. For par-
ticulars rail on L. D. STONE & CO.. 417
i Market rt.. cr write to box 2C3. Chlco.
I $15 WEEKLY — Young man with $250 wanted
I as jiai-tner; genteel business; must drive horse
and buggy. MARIN CO.. 235 Kearny et.
MAN mated with email capital to go Into a
comml'flon business. Apply ALDEN CO.,
1118 Broadway. Oakland.
j $17".O — BUTCHER business: clears over $S per
! day; no agents. Box 3123. Cal! offlce.
j GROCERY and bar for sale. Western Addition.
Address I. W. B., box 3111. Call office.
GROCERY and bar for sale; price $1500. 124
Davis st.
• $1000 — Partner: $150 month guaranteed: per-
manent business. Box 2813. Call office.
LODGIXG-HOCSES FOR SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN.
[MARION GRIFFIN. MARION GRIFFIN.]
[MARION GRIFFIN.]
[MARION GRIFFIN. MARION GRIFFIN.]
[Rocm 406 Examiner Bid*.]
| Pfccne Black 3C07. Take elevator to 4th floor.
; 20 ROOMS.
; Big flat; near Market; $650: 2-year lease; i
electric lights; good looking bouse; rent $40; :
fulj of rcomere.
APARTMENT HOUSE.
; Bargain: first -class, nreproof. modern house
j of 177 rooms; new building; elegantly fur-
nished: low rent; lec»e: clears $C50 per month.
$1600.
30 room* lr. apartments; 'oars&in at $2000;
I will sell fr.r $1CCO: owner must have change of
j climate; Incomr S1T>O: rent $C0: easy terms.
(100-ROOM HOTEL.] i
; Handerrne corner house; private baths; splen-
I did furniture; C-year lease; modern In every
! department: electric elevator: heart trouble.
[CLEARED $307 IN NOVEMBER.]
j 53-room comer rooming-house; accounts are
i kept; nice, respectable:- applicants waiting.
124 R<X)MS— CLEARS J175.]
Hich cla«s house; downtown; furnished 3
i months aso with the best of everything.
: [;o rooms — sicoo.]
Sunlit apartments; rent JCO; corner; owner
; must change climate; terms, one-third down.
1 [ELEGANT HOUSE.]
20 rooms on Gold?n Gate ave.; house built
! erne year ago; elegantly furnished In mahogany
I and oafe; flne Brussels carpets: Income $111
I over rent; other Important causes sale
[83-ROOM HOTEL.]
; Must be sold; reduced from $8000 to $C50O;
I flne bar.
A VERY elegant new modern downtown house I
I cf 5o rocms. hot and cold water, electric el- I
j evator, rtcam heat: In splendid neighborhood; I
; contiguous to the theaters, the best restaur- j
; ants and the leading retail establishments of
can Francisco; the furnishings are of the
best, consisting of oak. enameled Iron and t
braes beds: Brussels and Axmlnster carpets I
ar.d elegant liangings; lease f or . 9 years; I
clears $4fi0 a mor.tb: terms can be arranged.
MARION GRIFFIN. 408 Hearst building.
H. C. DECKER. ~
H. C. DECKER, Phone John 531.
! H. C. DECKER.
i LEADING IIOOMING-HOUSE AND HOTEL
I BROKER.
1 90fi MARKET ST. »06 MARKET ST.
I OVER 27 YEARS SELLING HOUSES IN
SAN FRANCISCO.
j JUST A FEW SPECIAL BARGAINS.
120 rooms; north of Market st $1400
I ONLY $C00 CASH REQUIRED.
R rooms; Hyde and McAllister sts. $500
I 25 rooms: one floor; rent $70 $1 ;¦>:.( i
i 21 rooms; electric lighted; rent $50 $550
: ONLY *:*.5O CASH REQUIRED. .
I ?• room?; must sell; only ..Jirv)
i 7 room« : a s-nap «75
12 rooms; Pine and Hyde st*.; a beauty. .$650
J7 rooms; O'Farrell st.: see It SSOO
20 rooms; north Market et.; rent $80.~..*.$115»
II rooms; rent only $35 ,*r>50
12 rooms; Mason St.: snap $450
22 rooms; rent $50; money-maker $1500
100-rooin corner house :. ...$t55<>;
IflO-room-ar-irtmrnt bouse S13 00O'
110-ROOM HOTEL •, ." ¦ •¦ •» ]
6 rooms and bath: upper flat ...... ¦¦ . . .*r.?. r i
e-room houFc on Minna et...- '.T ,§sa
34-rc«m S-.cvse for exchange . ~VT7".'T;v:. ..* tl^.0
9Q-r.C<ftX HOUSE: MUST SELL: SMALL
AMOrXT.CASH: EASY PAYMENTS:
KT;nE TO CLEAR $250 PER MONTH.$3500
• $JCO.C0O TO LOAN ON FURNITURE.
j H. O. DECKER. DOC Market st.
14 ROOMS; sunny corner: close In: must be
cold account sickness. Box 3141. Call offlce. .
$11O>— COR.. 14 sunny rooms, well furn.; cen-
trat: bargain. Mossman. 41 1 Examiner bldg.
A SNAP; 2 rooming-houses for sal^T cheap ; on«
i. 29 rooms and one 31 rooms. SOS Sixth it.
• FLATS TO LET. "T
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an lmmeas* list;
service absolutely free; taka advantage of
this department; It will save you time aad
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 243-23W Geary
«t.. on the square.
ALL of the most desirable flats and bouses are
listed in our renting department; let us give
you a list and help you find one In the loca-
tion you want. 8TEKUXO FURNITURB
COMPANY, 1039 Market St.; services abso-
lutely free.
MCALLISTER, 1723— A fine sunny flat; 7
rooms and bath; elegant hardwood flnisb:
rent cheap. $28. ASHTOX & GARDINER.
411 Montgomery st.
ELLIS. 824 snd 826 — 3 and 8 room flats; Just
flnlahed; t3fl and 145.
FEDEHAL. 29. near First and Bryant — Neat
flat; rent $9.
LARGEST list of flats and houses to let. Call
cn LYOX.& HOAQ. 118 Montgomery st.
MASONIC ave.. 1317— New sunny upper flat; 7
rooms and bath; near park.
UPPER flat. 4 nice sunny rooms and bath. OS
Dehon St.. between 16th and 17th.
D.
LARKIN. 1804H— Sunny furnl«hed modem flat
for rent or will sell reasonable, as owner Is
going East.
DIAMOND. 819 — Flat of 3 furr.t.«Sed rooms;
| hot and cold water; S16. *•
FLATS FOIt SALE— -FURNISHED.
JONES. 806— Departure: furnished flat of 7
rooms and bath: a good Investment. -'¦*.'; *
FURNITURE _ SALE.
j FURNITURE of B rooms, flat. In entirety;
dealers and others. 343 Hickory ave.
FURNITURE WASTED. ~
HIGHEST price (or furniture and rndse! I* H.
BURP, auctioneer. 1818 Mkt. ;tel.Howard 27M.
A, WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 44<O,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HELP WASTED — FEMALE.
A— THE DO2kTESTIC CLUB.
233 Geary st.. room 36.
First-class Swedish cook. $35 to $38.
Flrst-claas house.
Good young German cook, little housework,
(35.
Cook and little housework. $30.
Otrl. help kitchen, little housework. f20.
Housework, general. 2 In family. $30. .
Second girl and wait, $25.
Second girl and wait, $20.
"WANTED — Girl for dental offlce. $15 month:
Swedish erlrl for light housework of 2. city.
$20 found: housework, 4 adults, city, $25
found; housekeeper In Fruitvale, $15 found;
girl for light housework, city. $13 found;
light housework for 2 In East Oakland; taiea-
ladi-8, fancy dept.. Oakland, $6 a week;
waitress. Oakland, $8 a week found. At SAN
FRANCISCO EMPLOYMENT BUREAU, 17
* Fourth Bt. : phone Grant 26.
A "WAITRESS. Institution, $25; cook. $40; sec-
ond girl, $25; house girl, $35; woman to help
In kitchen, sleep home, $20. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter et. ''..'¦>
AN American girl: first-class cook; best city
references. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdreaslns.
¦ manicuring, etc.; trade tausht from A to Z
In 2 weeks: $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school In
West. 233 Geary st.. room 13.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $10; positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc. guaranteed at $10 per wk. up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St., r. 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches halrdre<<slng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc. 12*10 Mar-
ket st., cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
SKWINO MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32*4 FREMONT ST. AND 1S73
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
BOOKFOLDERS wanted; experienced bands;
also girls to learn the trade; good wages
paid while learning. F. MALLOVE. 41"J
Sacramento et.
WANTKD — First-class waist trimmer and skirt
hands . and improvers. CALLAHAN. 330
O'Farrell st.
A — OPERATORS wanted on ladles' underwear.
656. Mission st.. third floor.
*
A — OPERATORS wanted on ladles' waists. 658
Mission st., third floor. .
GIRL wanted for general housework. 2332
Jones st. ¦.;.¦
BRIGHT salesgirls far crockery store, with ex-
perience preferred. Apply JJ2S Market st.
EXPERIENCED waitress wanted; good pay;
non-union preferred. €31 Clay at. ; *
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 0 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
WANTED^ — Reliable German or American
woman for general housework; good cook;
plain washing; family of two; wages $20 to
$25: reference. Call Sunday from 11 to 2,
1400 Golden Gate ave.
LADIES wanted to learn barber trade In 8
weeks and ladles' hairdresslng In 4 weeks;
manicuring and facial massage also taught In
shortest time. Moler System College. 636
Clay st.
WANTED — Experienced glove saleswoman;
also experienced lace saleswoman. Apply be-
tween 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Shirt polisher and neck band
Ironer; also marker and distributer. 3372
Mission st.
A NEAT young girl for general housework;
4 In family: waxes $20. Call 1016 Page st.
MIDDLE-AGED, refined woman, companion
for elderly lady; light housework. 1311 York.
: WANTED — Immediately, a briirht woman for
a position of trust. Box 3776. Call offlce.
PANTS finishers wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply ..at 27 Geary st.
COMPETENT cook for institution. 2344 Sut-
ter st.
WANTED — Experienced saleswomen. Apply
ply between 0 and 11 a m. at HALE BROS.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M G-. Barrett. Instructor. 302 Montgomery.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce. cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at IOCS Market *».. opposite
Fifth. Op»-n until 11 p. m.
HELP WASTED 31 ALB.
A— PACIFIC^EMTpLiaraENT^AGENCr;
5'JO— SACRAMENTO ST.— 520
Phone Main 1101. Cor. Leidesdorff St.
COOK and wife, mine. $05 found; second
cook, country hotel. $40 found: craneman;
cook, ranch: ditcher, $35 found; woodchopper,
$1 day found; 5 miners. shiD to-morrow
morning, $75. We ship to : CHICO, Butte
"County, to-morrow night, teamsters, etc.;
R. R. tunnel foreman, $120; 5 tunnelmen.
Sf>0 found: 5 laborers. $2 25.
COAL MINERS. NEW MEXICO.
2 MEN about place, $25 and $.*>T> and found:
stable and chore man for institution. $30 anil
found; fruit farmer and wife. $45 and found;
hotel cook, country.- $75 found; cook and
wife, $105 and found; oyster man. $40 and
board. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
62S Sacramento st.
A HRAD cock. $60; second cook, $40; short-
order cook, $40. country hotel.
- C. R. HANSEN &. CO.. 429 Buah st.
2 SCRAPER foremen, $fi5 and found. •
Apply C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 429 Bush st.
AT CAL. EMP.' AGENCY. 59 Third St.— Man
and wife in city, man to cook, wife to wait
table; 3 lumbermen, redwoods, $50 a month..
Open Sunday. CAL. EMP. AGENCT. 63
Third st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Second cook who can do pastry. $10; store-
room man. $30; bellboy. $30.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 20 Montgomery, r. 12.
Man to help gardener. $30 and found.
A HOTEL GAZETTE, r. 12. 26 Montgomery.
Man to assist in bathhouse; $30.
A_ L~ "T
Men to learn the barber trade In two months
and secure good positions; catalogue and full
Information mailed free. MOLER System
College. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — For U. S. army, able-bodied, un-
married men. between ages of 21 and 35. citi-
zens of United States, of. good character anl
? temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write English. For Information apply to Re-
cruiting Officer, Rialto bulldlnr. New Mont,
gomery Ft.; San Francisco, or Masonic build-
ing. Sacramento. Cal. .
GOVERNMENT positions — Call at room I*.
fifth floor, 305 Larkin St., for free informa-
tion as to positions, salaries, ag* limits, etc. :
clay or ereclags. *
TRY our men's shoes, -union mads, at $1 and
$1 60 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mall charges." 11 3d st.. Exam. hid.
vf. JT^Jviw Patrons.
PUBLISHER'S ANNOUNCEMENT. /
THE SUNDAY CALL has completed aa arrangement whereby lti Want
Advertisers may obtain without additional cost a full size copy of the
famous ffroup picture of all the Presidents of the United States.
A Genuine Photogravure Reproduction From the
Original ,0il Painting. Full Size of Photogravure
16x20 Inches. Copyrighted [901. All Rights Reserved
Presidents of the United States.
ARTISTIC. PATRIOTIC. HISTORIC.
Every art lover and every patriotic American should own this magnifi-
cent photogravure reproduction from the famous oil painting.
The Portraits of the Presidents
Were painted from the most authentic originals, and in point of expres-
sion and fidelity in the matter of dress each is a masterpiece. In the back-
grounds are " ,
Fourteen Typical Scenes in American History
Beginning with the LitTerty Bell, as if sounding the note of American In-
dependence, and closing with- Admiral Dewey's Victory at Manila, while
over all are draped the graceful folds of the Stars and Stripes. The pic-
ture, is reproduced by the photogravure process on the finest quality of
heavy plate paper and Is not a cheap steel engraving.
GIVEN A WAT TO AI.Ii WANT ADVESTISEES IN TED
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
. Bring- your little Want Ad. to The Call Business Offlce. Third and
Market streets; 1008 Market street, city, and to The Call Branch at
t 1118 Broadway, Oakland, aad get one of these beautiful premiums
absolutely free. .
This offer opens Friday morning: and closes Saturday niffht at 10
o'clock sharp. -
XN THESE COLUMNS TOX7 CAN SEI.Ii TOT7B WAKES AND
GAIN YOUR WANTS.
A— MURRAY & READY.. 6n4-6T,6 Clay st.
Phone Main 5s4S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1002 we gave UTO we n give
45.0CO men work. 60,000 men work.
ARIZONA. cl->se to Prescott. $9.
OREGON — KREK FARE.
¦ COAt, MINERS. $3 to $."» a day.
Man and w'.fe. cook and waiter, city.
Boy learn machinist trade. $'! week.
Cook, hotel. 50c fare. $50 found.
2 German-Swiss milkers. $.10 found.
2 brtckmasens. lumber company. $(J day.
Cook, spring hotel. $:•*> found.
Blacksmith, mine. t00: helper, $60.
Head logger for wood?. $75.
Tlmberman. mine. $S2 50.
Pantry man. country hctel. $35 to $10 found.
Paper hanger, city $3 50 day. /
CABINETMAKERS, $-1 50 DAY.
Striper and letterer. all-round painter, $3 day.
3 coatmakers, $3 per coat.
OLD MEXICO— FREE FARE.
Carriage trimmer, boss hero.
Electric train trolley man for mines, $73.
fanner man for mines. $75.
Gang edgerman, lumber co., north. $65 ti.
Tinsmith. $3 to $3 50 day
Foreman, orchard and vineyard.
Sticker and matcher hand $3 50 a day.
Man and wife, cooks, hctel kitchen. JflO.
fare $3.
GOOD MINES
Machine drillers. $90.
Chuck tenders. $67 10.
Single hand miners $73.
Amalgamators, $90.
Rock-breaker men. $75.
50 laborers. $«7 50.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
AT "E. & B." R. R. LABOR AGENCY.
638 Commercial st. Phone Front 39.
Ryndon. Nev.— Free Fare
23 tunnel men, : $2 50 a day
50 laborers and muckers. $2 to $2 25 a day
NEW RAILROAD WORK.
20 six and eight horse, teamsters. $2 50 a day
20 2 ana 1 horse teanwiters. $2 to $2 23 a day
50 plow-hold»ri> and laborers. $2 25 $2 day
"E. & B." LABOR AGENCY.
63S Commercial st. Phone Front 39.
1 TRY cur men's shces. union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair, foot -form shoes at $2 50, op
orthopedic $hoes. $3 60: b?st shoes on earth'. 11
Third St.. Exam. bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
EITHER sex; canvassers; $2 50 per day guar-
anteed; $1000 r*r year and expenses; general
agent. TOWELL. room 'J21. The Oaks.
WANTED— Dishwasher In small restaurant: $3
week: Vi day Sunday. 2583 Market, nr. 16th.
GOOD bootblack wanted at barber shop. 312
Battery St.. near Washington.
"WANTED — Boys from 15 to 17 years of age to
learn the dry-goods business. . Apply between
9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
WANTED — First -class domestic salesman; also
dress goods salesman. Apply between 9 and
11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
WANTED — Experienced dry goods packer and
crater. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.'
SALESMAN of experience In tailoring Unet
reference required. Apply S. N. WOOD A CO.,
740 Market st.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
1 soled when you can get it dona for 23c 30o
and 60c while you wait at 563 Mission st..
bet. 1st and 2J sts.. or 11 Third St.?
WANTED — For U. S. Marino Corps, able-
bodied unmarried men. between 21 and V 33;
rood character; must speak, read and writ 4
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-
war in all parts of the world, on- land In our
Island possessions, and at naval stations in
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
flce, 40 ElUs st.. San Francisco. CaL. and
401 K st.. Sacramento. CaL
IF you are not satisfied with your salary, w*
have an opening whereby you can earn legiti-
mately $40 weekly: gentlemanly occupation;
' good address, business knowledge necessary.
Royal Mercantile Co.. suite 19. Columbian bid.
WANTED — An all around bookbinder; one who
can do forwarding and finishing on full
bounds Apply SANBORN. VAIL & CO..
711 Market at.
FINE coat, vest and pants makers wanted.
Apply between 10 and 11 a. m. to the Steven-
son-st. entrance of CHAS. LYONS, London
Tailor. 721 Market at.
A PLEASANT faced, fine appearic{T. good sur-
geon; positively no other; must be between
40 and 55 and rood case taker; no traveling;
salary about $150. Box 4717. Call •Tfice.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third St.: 2S0 rooms: 2jc to 50c per nisht.
WANTED — Experienced floorwalker for dry and
fancy goods. Apply superintendent's offlce.
the Emporium.
PENSION ATTY.. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.; 14
years' practice: references from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
COATMAKER for country. Apply HEIS3
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
WANTED — A blacksmith helper. 2220 Fol-
so a. . ¦ -:
COATMAKERS wanted. HARSHALL'S. 12
Kearny st.
FOR sale — I barber chair, 4 oak sitting, 1 mir-
ror, boiler, pole; cheap. 303% Broderlck.
SEAMEN for Australia and Europe; also green
hands for whaling. HERMAN'S. 2tt Steuart.
BARBERS — Well-paying- two-chair shop for
sale cheap. Hi Polk st.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed.
S. F. Barber Schcol, 741A Howard st.
: — ___
! PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls, rocm 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post-G.A.R.
McDONaLD &. PERRY have a. lam stock of
new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 259 3d st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar^
ket — 7(>0 moms, :55c night; reading rooms:
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A ERANCH offlce of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements find subscriptions has
been ODened at 100S Market kt.. opposits
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 5fi3 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 23o
to 5Oc. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AXD WAGO3TS.
A — WILL be sold at auction: 40 cheap horses,
a lot of wagons, surries. buggies, carts and
harness. Tuesday, December 8. 11 a. m.. at
1110 Folscm st. • . v .-
GOOD second-hand Bailey runabout, pneumatio
buggy, phaeton, back and Victoria cheap at
O'BRIEN'S. Polk st. and G. G. ave.
FOR SALE — I good horses. 2 work sinzle and
double. 8 years old. $210. and 2 for $4o.
Come and se« at once. S19 Folsom st.
20 HEAD of broken and unbroken horses,
weighing from 100O to 150O pounds. Gr»Vy
Salesyards, Seventh ave., near Point Lobos.
FOR SALE^ — Shetland pony, harness and
phaeton. To be seen at Mascot Stables. 1108
Golden Gate ave.
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money,
at JEPSKN BROS. CO.. Inc.. the big store.
1145-1147 Market st.. San Francisco.
MUST s«ll ODen rubber-tired hack, to best
" condition; $230. 1027 Pierce st.
GOOD road horse: round; 16 hands; 5 years old;
cheap. 1358 Bush st.
MAN wanted to buy low-s»t wagon, suitable
for carpenter: $S5. 843 Howard St.
WELL bred, gentle, small mare. fast. $40; top
wason. SfCO; cart, $13. 79 City Hall ave. J
: MUST b? so!d at sacrifice; 5 good horses.
327 Sixth st.
Al EXPRESS wai:oT\ l!sht camping wagon
and go-cart for sale chtap. 532 Mission st.
Larsrest a*sortmt 2-hand wngon*. huckb'rl. sur-
rey.hamess.work.rlrivlnjr horses. 13th-V.i!enc!»
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of hous?s to let; send for cir-
cular. G. II. UMBSEN & CO.. 1* Montgomery.
A — HOUSES snd flats to let; an Immense list:
• service absolutely free: taka advantas* of
thl9 decartment: it will *ave you t!:nft and
troublf. Oordes Furniture Co.. 2J5-239 Geary
St.. on the square.
7 ROOMS and bath; sun: garden: all modern
Improvements; choice location: '-i block from
electric; 5 blocks from local; Twenty-seventh
gv.; $22 50; water free. H. BARXMEYER.
Agant. Fruitvale Station.
2 SUNNY~~flaTs. 4 and S rooms-, with baths
and all modern Improvements; with or with-
out workshop and barn. For references sea
CENTER & SPADER. Real Estate Agents.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to ltft. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Poat «t.
MOCSKS KLU.MSUKU fc'Olt SALB.
8-ROOM house; new furniture; full; hoarders;
near Jefferson Square. Box 2S02. Call.
LOST AXD FOUND, r
LOST— Part of black silk ruff. Van Neiw. bet.
Eddy st. »nJ Gulden Gate ave., Sunday
*veriln«. Plfase return »2U Turk St.; r*-~4
celve reward. -
LOST— A hand-embroidered handkerchief with
monogram N. K. L. - In corner; between Pal-
ace Hotel and Broderlck si. and Broadway.
Room 80S. Palace Hotel; liberal reward. "
LOST— A pa«« book with the Hlberni* 8av-
Ings and Loan Society of San Francisco In
i the "name of MARY E. SPARKS No 2W-
1193. The finder will please return to bank.
LODG1XG HOUSES _Y/?l}^J£2j£^£2}ZL !
A. CAMERON & CO., . Phone 1050.
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell. ; 1
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
23 r. : near Market: lease: $C00 down.. $2250
tiO r.; rent $301)- Market; clears $3lK) mo..3Ct.y
7 r.; Van Ness; rent $22 50; home....'.. 225
20 r.; new. mod., elegantly furnished.. 2600
11 r.; rent $00; new; fine fur.; clears $47 S50
9 r.; Ellis; rent $35; fine home; snap..
CS r.: cheap rent; clears $300 to $400. 8!KM
30 r.: rent *05; trood fur.; clears $100. 2ftO<»
12 r.; rent $40; close in; well Xur COO
S r.; up. flat; everything mod.; departure i50
3 r.; rent $20; cor. flat; Lcav.; snap.... 225
20 r.; n«w house; furniture: clears $S0 2500
8 r.; rents ?50; modern; finely furn..... 500
22 r.; rent $S0; leaee: clears $UK)....:. l«'J«t
11 r.; Eddy;rent S30;wellfur.;clears $38 750
34 r.; flne; downtown; makes big money 32W
S r.: rent $42; modern flat; elegant fur.. 400
14 r.; rent $75; oak fur.; good carpets. 900
\ 12 r. : cloee in; well fur.: bargain...... 1100
1R r.: flne corner; new and clejrantly fur 2400
17 r.; downtown: always full; clears $115 1600
8 r.; close in; tjolden oak; monuet car-
pets, hair mattresses; cost $1500; inc.
7 rff 'rent Vo';' 'middle' fla'tV '<»k' ' i ur. . 350
21 r.;rent $S5;well fur.;lease;clears $100 170n
14 r.: cheap rent; good fur.: snap...... 900
11 r.; rent $40: newly renov.: clear $43 500
17 r.; central: Post; part cash. 110"
44 r.; rent $44; big money-maker...... 3000
25 r.; rent $70: oak fur.; leaving city.. 1350
60 r.; new. mod. building; elegantly fur.;
central; leng lease: must be sold; orrer
wanted * *'.','
10 r.; mod. flat: elegant fur. :clears $54 .
cost $2200: will sacrifice; must .leave
0 r!:'flat; "re'nt$VoV mod.;clears $45; de-
. pa rt ure <sv
H¥ADQUARTiRS~FOR LODGING HOUSES. :
C ' E - H i™lhKET PT.. OPP. FIFTH.
PHONE MINT 706.
CarHasres for Customer*. _
CLEAR TITLES GUARANTEED.
• BUYER AND SELLER PROTECTED
13 rooms; Mission St.: rent $50 5o»"
29 rocms; rent $55; snap. .-••¦ i-"}?
fl rooms; housekeeping; clears $2i. j.w
12 rooms; north of Market: rent $10. 000
11 rooms; Eddy St.; rent $50.... 000.
60 rooms; transient; liquor license -'00
8 rooms; Pest St.; rent $32; only.. 2oO
9 rooms: Sutter xt. ; 3 unfurnished. ...... Sflo
GRAND CORNER, 100 ROOMS, first floor of-
fice- lease: low rent; clears $500 monthly: eome
country transient. Se« this first-class, propo-
gltlqn. HINKLEY, 1020 Market St.
20 rooms: new; rent only $00; 3 years' lease;
. clears $100; good carpets: oak furniture;
every rocm sunny; large yard. IflXKLEY.
MODERN apartment house. 44 rooms;- rent I
$24O; guaranteed to clear $200; 3 and 4 room
apartments; elegantly furnished. See my
agent. C. E. HINKLEY.^ .
120 ROOMS; rent less than $5 a room; up to
date in every respect; finely furnished; books
open; clears $350 to $400 monthly; $6000;
part cash. HINKLEY, 1020 Market St..
WORKINGMEN'S house: 20 rooms; one floor;
electric lights; rent $40; amazingly low price,
$050. HINKLEY, 1020 Market St., opp. 5th.
11 ROOMS— Stockton st. ; cheap $550
17 rooms— Pine st.; rent $70 $650
11 rooms — Fourth St.; rent $30 $425
16 rooms — Clears $05 $1400
24 rooms — Transient: a bargain.
A number of elegant flate from 5 rooms)
up: cheap. MOSSMAN. 411 Examiner bldg.
22 ROOMS, all full; flne location on Eddy st.;
must be sold to highest bidder.
24 ROOMS; central, on Stockton; sacrifice;
prict $20C0.
23 ROOMS; finely furnished hotel: always
full; clears over $150 per month; $2250.
I W. F. CUMMINS. 240 Montgomery st.
i ONLY $1000 CASH. ~~
SO 100ms; rent $100; 1 block from Emporium:
hardwood furniture: good carpets; $2250:
i payable as you make it out of house; best
I of reasons for selling. If you want a bar-
erain don't fall to see this. Call at room
• 74, Columbian building, or phone Bush 84S.
FOR SALE— A BOARDING-HOUSE; MEDIUM
SIZE; ELEGANTLY FURNISHED; LOCA-
TION BEST IN THE CJT't: LEASK;
OWNER LEAVING TOWN. BOX 235<J.
CALL OFFICE.
1 A— $3000; PRIVATE boarding-house, with 40
elegantly furnished rooms, on Van Ness ave. ;
rooms always occupied and first-class patron-
1 age. Sec R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
S6 ROOMS; $3S00; rent .$2 50 per room; new
bldg.; View carpets; good furniture; sunny
rooms; $1200 cash. 6 Eddy St., room 100.
1 A WEEK'S news for B cento— The Weekly Call.
lfi pages, in wrapper, for malllne. SI per year.
LODGiy G-HOUSKSW A.VTKO.
WANTED — To buy a lodging-house, north side,
up to $1000: must be a bargain. Address
805'i Market St., room 1.
SPIRITUALISM.
! PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
!' writing and clairvoyance: stamp for circular.
i 1112 Eddy Et.. nr. Octavla; phone Scott 8S7.
! MRS. L. HODGSON. 148 Sixth St., circles Wed.i
Thurs., Fri. and Sat. Readings daily. 10 to 5.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally.
8:30 to 4: seances Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOVAATS.
A— PA UL~DESTINE. ~"
, The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
Read Carefully. An Honest Proposition.
N;> Charge. No Charge
: Unless you obtain the information for which
¦ you consult me.
I I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge- If I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I promise to
tell you If husband, wife or sweetheart Is true
or false; tell who and when you will marry; in
fact I will tell every hope, fear or ambition
better than you can tell yourself; I reuulte the
separated, restore lost affections, cause speedy
and happy marriage, give you good luck, re-
store lost energy; 10 a. m. to S p. m. : Sun. 2-«.
326 O'Farrell gt. ; low fee this week— $1. $1. $1.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bids.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the pant, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; If you are In trouble,
discontented or not satisfied In life, or hava
domestic, love or business troubles, consult*
this great medium and you will be told how
to overcome them; valuable advice in all af-
fairs ot life; 25c up; satisfaction guaran- ¦
teed; readings by mall. Tel. Black 4569.
REAR ADMIRAL GREER. U. S. N.,
Says: "line. Llvorno demonstrated my
character and career in a woh'iertiil man-
ner."
L-I-V-O-R-N-O.
THE WORLD RENOWNED PALMIST
AND CRYSTAL GAZER.
31 KEARNY ST.
Over Hammersmith & Field's. Te! Black 2435.
t2TSec portrait of Mme. Llvorno ar.d original
testimonials at entrance. Three qutptions by
mall. $1. Send month and year of birth.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St.. cor, Turk: prlvaje readings daily, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m.: readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5; Fend lock of hair, date and year
Of birth: don't send currency. Send postoffice,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MRS. A. H. Kronentwrg, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, wil! give a good reading. 10c. for
a short time only; when others fall try me to
convince yourself. 721 Franklin, nr. G. G.ave.
MME. VEINA. wonderfur trance medium and
card reader: Just returned from long ab-
sence. 406 Geary, near Mason, room 1.
A— Mme. Ravenna r#ads life, business advice;
names gU-cn; 25c up. 5 4th gt.. near Market.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clair. and palm.;
names; L. 50c;G.$l. 714 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c. gente 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c
gents 50c. 951 Mission St.. nr. Cth; open Sun.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
26% Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c. gents COc.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
tln«;B dally. 44«>4 Jessie at.', bet. 6th and Cth.
CAKPET BKATIXG AM) fflEA.MNfl,
AIR compressed, dry, lee cold. Is now univer-
sally used In sanitary cleaning carpets on
flocr. without removal or Injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted' with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 T*hama st. : tel. South 40.
TRY Hopke Bros.: carpet beatlns: mattresses
made ov»r. 1432 Howard; ,tcl. South .210.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S00 Har-
rison St.: Al cleaning; 3c; teL Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen"
proprietor. 329 Guerrero st., tel. . Mission 49*
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st ¦
tel. Main 394. GEO. W'ALCOM & CO./: i'rops." :
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; price*
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. 1 Mission _63
CONKLIN*S Superior Carpet-beatlns Wr,rk~ |
XVi Golden Cat* ave.: telephone Ea«t 12«. ¦ j
CEEDIT CLOTHIEKS. j
C. F. ADAMS CO." "~ r ~ r - ••¦ ~ ~~~~
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.,
We cicthe the whole family from hats to
shoes; everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. 318 Mascn St..
BUY your suits and overcoats ! at LICHTEN-
STEIN. BROS., 25 Stockton st., on small
weekly payments; goods delivered on first
payment.
*; < >¦ * _ ' ¦¦ ..•STREETCAR ACCIDENTS - J .'/ ; -.
REPORTED BY POLICE
Herbert Aviss, Sailor, Sustains Frac
ture of Leg and Milk Driver
Is Injured.
Among the reports filed with Chief
"Wlttman yesterday were those of a
number of accident"! resulting from
collisions •with electric and cable cars
and of cases of people falling off cars.
Herbert Aviss, a sailor on the Brit
ish bark Invergrarry. was struck by an
east-bound Haight-street car at
Market and Steuart streets about S
o'clock Saturday night and sustained
a compound fracture of the left leg.
He- was taken to the Harbor Emer
gency Hospital. Oscar Williamson,
the giipman. was arrested on a charge
of battery. b^jjJpJSpiqfl
A car on the ..O'Farrell-street line
collided with a milk wagon belonging
to the Guadaloupe Dairy at Polk
street about 6 o'clock Saturday night,'
and the' driver. Nick Thomas, was
thrown" tothe ground, injuring his left
arm. He was taken to Dr. Hennessya
office, 90S O'Farrell street, and later
to his home on the San Bruno road.
K. Frank, a. Japanese servant at
1317 Scott street, fell off the rear end
of a car at Scott and O'Farrell streets
late Saturday. night and sustained, an
ugly cut on the left side of his head.
He was sent to the Central Emergency
Hosptial.
Frank McGowan, a Jaborer living at
1217 Kearny street, fell asleep -on &
Kearny-street car late Saturday night
and fell off at Pacific street,- sustain
ing a wound on the back of his head.
He was sent to the Harbor Emergency
Hospital.
Weather Report.
020th Meri.ilan— Paciflc Tim* )
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 6. 5 p. a.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
" Last" This' LasT"
Stations— 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka O.OO 14.34 H.M
Red Bluff..... O.OO 8.72 10.*O
Sacramento 0.00 3.53 4.02
San Francisco 0.00 4.42 2. 80
Fresno 0.00 O.M ».«7
Independence 0.00 #.42 . 0.79 I
San Luis Oblspo 0.00 0.44 '3.82
Los Angeles.. 0.00 0.43 . 2.47
San Diego Trace O.OT 2.51 1
* THE COAST RECORD. . '
1 ~~~~- ¦¦• 9 £ s : c lj 5
f SS J?' ~* fs *
STATIONS. I 1% 1% |§ ,f- :-|
1* & jt • r* 5
Baker 30.50 38 20 BE Clear .00
Carson -30.40 42 10 N,E Clear ,.00
Eureka, 30.23 62 40 NW Clear " .00
FaraUon 30.20 50 53 NW Clear -.00
Fresno 30.1S-BS 23 E Clear .00
Flagstaff 30.24 40 24 SE5 Cloudy .00
Pocatello 30.60 42 10 SW Clear .00
Independence SO. 06 54 26 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Los Angeles. .30.08 70 42 NK Cloudy .00
Mt Tamalpals-.'lO.Sl 52 48 NE Clear . .00
Phoenix 3OT13 66. .BONE Cloudy, T.
Point Reyes.. .30.1* 59 48 J* .Clear. -.00
Portland 30.42 4C 3O E . Pt*Cldy..0O.
Red Bluff.... .30.22 68 . 3B SE Clear .00
Roteburg ....30.40 34 30 W Cloudy .00
Sacramento ..SO.22 C6 38 NE Clear .00
Salt Lake 30.44 38 20 NW Clear .00
San Franclsco.30.22 53 46 NW Clear . .00
S L. Oblspo.. 30.14 74 32 K. aear .00
San- Diego.... 30. 04 70 54 E Cloudy T.
Seattle 3J>.50 44 30 N Cloudy. .«2
Spokane -....-3O.50 34 22 S -. Pt:CWy .00
Tattoah 3O.44 50 46 E Pt.Cldy .07.
Walla Wa'.U.. 30. 54 28 24 W Cloudy. .60
Wlnnetnucca .30.42 44 8 8 " Clear .00
Yuma 30.14 64 S4 v KB qoAdy T.
WEATHER- CONDITIONS AND • GENSRAl.
- FORECAST.
Cloudy weather prevail* over Arizona. South
ern California and Northern Washington; else
where west of the. Rocky Mountains It is fair.
Light showers are reported from the Southern
California coast and Southern Arizona. -'• '¦-.'¦¦•
There has been but little change In either
pressure or temperature " west ot the Rocky
Mountains. ...
Heavy to kilTlnr frosts occurred in the great
ralley this morning and will occur again Mon
day morning. . . '¦ -'¦
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours endtnjt midnight. December 7:
Northern California— Fair Monday; UgSt
northerly wind. .M9BMf5VPK9**i
Southern California— Cloudy Monday, prob
ably showers: light northeast wind. -.
Nevada — Fair Monday.
San ¦Francisco and vicinity — Fair Monday;
light northerly wind.
O. H. WILLSON. Local Forecaster.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1903.
11
LOST AND Ft INO— - Contlnned.
LOfcT — »_5 rmid fcr return of 5x+ Eastman
kodak iost on Southern Pacific Stockton loccl
train Sunday afternoon between Sixteenth ft.,
«>ak!*.r.d. and Oakland mole; same contains
Jilins which are val_a_ie to the owner. WIL-
FON-LVON _ CO. :_S0 Market St.. Saa Fran-
C!»CO. * N V
LOW— A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
atifl Lran Society C. Pa» Francisco, In the
n-ire cf ALICE E_ VON TOBEL; No. 275-2-4.
The finder -.ill please return to bank.
L/^ST— Mir.k fur mu.T between Cliff Hcuee and
Bur h and Hj Cf sts. Liberal reward If re-
tumed to 403 Kills «t-
LOST — Thursday tr.crnlrg. lady's diamond
horseshoe pin," valued as a keepsake. Return
"CIS Webtter ft.: receive liberal reward.
I/DPT — Prrm CTit Waller et.. collie dog. eable
and white; license on collar. Reward.
STRAYED from Locust rt-. nr. Oay, tlack
cocker pap: liberal reward. S31 Locust _t.
IT will pay to "Ren-.e!r.??er" that the CaUIcmia
Wetch Ca-'e Co.. 22o S'-tter Et.. needs old
gclj and filvor to male* new watch cases.
MEDICAL.
1-RsT^nn TVVETH. f^eciaU-t for all female
corr.plair.t*; mmat relief guaranteed; 30
yetrs' exr<'!"-* :nc *': removed to S2<$ Post st.
MKS. VR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all t&-
male troubles and Irregularities: Instant re-
lief guaranteed. lO&vi- Market 6t.. opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are rfck or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the ur.fortu-
n«-.e help*d; the rno*t difficult cases treated:
ndvlce frt-e. Office. 1018 Market tt.
Vr*. G^oiTvir,. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
in obstetrics, female ccmpliiints; inst. relief;
<trw taaeB $10; hour*. 10 to 5; _5 years txper.
WES. I) ALLEN. HIS Marktt— Reliable ladles'
sp^clallrt; a private home before and during
ccnfir.eiriCTU; best medical care; low fees.
A maternity villa: private: eecluded; cenflden-
tlal. Dr. E. Funkc. 1416 Eighth >t.. Alameda.
DR. ROEEN resides 2005 Fo'.fom St.. corner
2Kth; ladies, relief or no fee; $:o.
CR. an_ MRS. DAVD-S and HINDOO HERBS;
or:gln_I method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR. NG TOT KEE. 339 Powell St.. opposite
rr.ion rcjuarf; all --ilyeases cured by herbs.
MILLINERY.
LAHIES — 200 stylish bat* to select frra: lease
*o:d; must vacate February J. 1304: save
rao-ey by ~a!!:ng on MME. DOPCH. -07 Post.
M1SCELLA>LOIS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, cr.pine*. 2i-h_nd machinery. McIN-
TO.H-& WOLFMAN. 195- 1S7 Fremont Bt.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair' It with claterue; in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
lion, tin or thinples; beet fcr new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market St.
SD-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, thafting. etc., etc., bought, told,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. :». WHITE M'CH'Y~LX).. 13o-i::2 Bea'.e gt.
A— Fie* *ult*. $7 50; a— -us pants, $2 SO. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. _.'« Kearr.y el..
Dear _Sus_; cp«n to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUTS. sells cr rests gear machinery. •--
glr.es. bcilers. water plp«. shafting, pulleys.
*tr. WHITELAW. 253-255 gpear ft.
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cost;
r»w Underwood visible typewriter catalog
•<— it free. R. E. Revalk & Co.. Kan Francisco.
TRY cur r_en's thoea at $1 and SI 00 pair'
fcot-fcrm ehoea at 1 2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam, bid.; catalog, free.
ALTERATION saJe — B*st $2 50 hats, fl 50.
Popular Price Hstter. 330 Kearay «_. near
Pine: open to 9 p. m. ; Sundays to noon.
DISPOSING of Wltte gas engines; 2 H. P.. 20
H. &'-: attractive prices. The Tracy Engl-
r.err'.T.g Co.. 151 Fremont rt.. S. F.
A FEW genuine diamonds, cheap. b> private
party; larcest r« -karat rings, earstudit, sun-
burst, stud. The Mayflower, 3<<S Third, r. 5.
SOME jrood second-hand gasoline engines from
1 to 12 H. P. cheap. E. B. BECK & CO..
122 Market si.
SLOT machines cheap; Chicago*. Twentieth
Osturtes. Pucks. HACIGALUPI, 033 Market.
FOR «we — Improved Finger tewing machine,
2*> .cever.t- ft., room J>.
FINE steam ftstomobU.; flrst-claas cider. 520
Lyon st. .
L'EFKE and safts; see the complete line at m«
M-rkft. -b. Van Neaa. RICHARDSON 1 EROS.
Prlntir.g effice. 3 C.&P. presses, motor, cutter,
trpe. fixtures; doing good business. 2&S6. Call.
FAFES — Ntw ani eecend hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 3C7 Cattery tt. i
A VERY Baa fllamond heart for $210 at W. J.
HESTTiAL'S. 10 Elxth rt. •
SE~' iti<3 eecc.Rd har.d machinery of all kinda.
KROG H MNFG CO.. 619 Market st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, -ale. rental;
bargains. Eullard fc Breck. 131 Post st.
MILES cf pipe as_ fittings; all s'.xes. EU-
GENE P.ILEY A BOSS. 109 Vallejo gt.
SAFES — New ar.d second hand. E. B. BECK
A CO.. 122 Market st. ;
All bargains ;camp stools and chain; hammocks,
iretal b*4«. Buttresses. J.F.Hotter.712 Mi'Slcn.
Ediscn phonographs, reccrda, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgaiupl. 033 Mkt.
GASOLINE eyrinet. automobiles and launches;
t'.l Kises. J. E. DOAK. 4« Fremont St.
ASK for pries en second-hand typewriers; all
?r._e€. ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Montgy.
A BRANCH effice cf The Call for the recep-
tion of edvert'-nemerts and subscriptions has
r*en opened at 1W Market ft., opposite
Fifth. Or»r urtl! 11 p. — t.
MISCELLASEOCS WAXTS.
WILL pay cash for gents It. Et ticket via El
Peso; principals cr.ly for next 5 days. P.
O. box SI. Aiarr.t'la.
WANTED — 5x7 Reflex camera without lens.
ARTHUR INKEF.SLEY. _CS Montgomery «t.
WANTED— To r«_it part cr whole office; man-
ufacturer's agent. Box 310C. Call offlce.
A EAPJ3E or float; ftate s:_e: good condition;
rf -Fonable. Box 2SS3. Call efflce. .
WANTED — Good second-hand piano; standard
make. Box 601, Call offlce, Oakland.
BOOKS and librertee kougfct. H. C HOLMES.
1149 Market et.; phone Jessie 3741. or pestaj.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds cf caM-ctf
cloth'.ng; tend postal. MORRIS. S70 Fclsom.
TILTON -.ants good pecon_-hand clcthicg a__
t theatrical goods. 15* &th St.; tel. Jessie 2S51.
A WEEKS news for 5 cr.Tr— The Weekly CalL
16 r-are*. in wrarpc-r. for mailing. SI per year.
MOX_V TO LOAHT.
A-Ui— HERMAN MURPHY,
00l-t-C_-CC3 Examiner bulldlag.
Quick eettiemects; no disappointment.
&av* expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, eecend mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust.
etc.: >f _-;«•.-. life estates and undivided In-
teracts In property purchased.
Cocrt-ous treatment. EtrlcUy eoe_ld«nt__
When You Ne«d Money
fc+e HERMAN MUP.PHY.
ADVANCES en furniture anfl pianos without
removal; .to permanent salaried people en
M - their note without security or knowledge of
_L employer; lowest rates; do commission. NA-
TIONAL CREDIT CO.. CS and e9 Donoho*
tuil-lng. 1170 Market et.
6TRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS en fur-
nltnre pianos or to -alaried people on their
tiote; proper treatment guaranteed. ILLTNIO8
TRUST CO.. r. 18. Phelan bid.,' teL Main 704.
KGJk'ET loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants teamc ters. boarding-houses, without
cecurlty: easy payments ; larrent business la
< r principal dtles. Tolmsn. U3 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY re—**"** ibl* private place to obtain
liber-.l advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
r rwf cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
me Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch, 19 Third.
X~l per cent en furniture or piano; no "dot.
si bo comr_i«slon. no publicity ;$23 up; quick,
pri-ate. confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 7.
JfCNICTPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ar*.,
LOANS FROM II TO SIO.OOO.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, sllrer.
fila— .onds pearls and precloc* -tones bought
»t W. J. HESTHAL'8. ¦ 10 Sixth rt.
NEXT. tKBy method— To wage-earners on unln-
dorsc- note*; absolute privacy. - Fidelity
Loan Company, rooms <S-49. Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furnl-
tcre; Indorsed notes and other security. 8. F.
Discount Ag-ncy. 143 Phelan building.
AT lowest rate* on furnltnr* and plane*: strict
privacy; no commission :tnFtallroenta accepted.
BONELLI. 301 E-_r. Coo-ervatory -uilii'.-g.
OPEN Credit Ass'n. leans on salaries conflden-
tlUly: new.simple plan. Room 60. 619 Market.
_<* ON furnltu— • A piasot: $15 up: no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 61. 6 Eddy at.
1 PER cent on furniture, or piano. 1003 Mu-
tual Savings BarS bid*.. 7O8 Market »t_
_•-!„ loer.s en diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
r mo. S. F. Collateral Lean Bank. S3S Kearny.
fTAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried eoplorf-. H. -11. Mutual SaT.Bk.b;d.
CA5H loaned salaried people on notes without
Icdoi-er. MORELL. -09 E_-_nlr»r bldg.
A WEEK'S new* for 5 rent* — Tbe Weekly Call.
It p-ce*. la trapper, for r_ _Uir._, \ 1 per year.
| aitSICAL IXSTRU3IE\TS._
A FEW SPECIAL UPRIGHT PIANO BAR-
i GAINS:
Crflard. 123; Emerson.' $_!S; Filsher. $70;
Millrr. J175; Chicktring. $1S7; American.
J1I13: -Hefr.e. $2U5; Hayneiv SluO: Stelnway.
7 $1S5: .Stelnway. large style, $325, and fifty
ctht-rs. Kents, $2 up; tnst-llments, $4 up.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 233-237 Geary street;
Oakland branch. Fifteer.th and Broadway, old
P. O. blig.
WE rent the best piano In the city for $3 per
! inonih; we allow six .months' rental and
' c_rta*e (J20J olt purchase price, thus giving
you a eix months' trial of the Instrument for
nothing; our terms and prices cannot be
equaled in San Francisco. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. -C0-64 Hayes st.
A FIXE lot of .eeond-hand uprights from $30
up. including tuch m_kes a_ Chlckerl-g.
Voce. Kroeger. curtaz, Klrkham. Pease.
Htrdmin. Marshall A Wendell. Baus and
ethers. BENJ. CCRTAZ & EON. 16 O'Far-
t<Il tt- No branches In San Francisco.
LOW prices, easy terms and good eoods are
what we offer; Behr Bros., Baumeister
pianos and Simplex Piano Player* are what
you wart. Call and select now. THE ZENO
. MAUVAIS MUSIC COMPANY, 7CU Market.
, A TREMENDOUS sacrifice; unredeemed stor-
age pianos and furniture selling' to pay stor-
age; dirt ch--i.ii. Whttehead'a Storage, 1636
Market et. Open evenings.
___—__________________—_———————___—___
ALMOST cheaper than fir«wood; storage pianos
and furniture. 1636 Market st. Open even-
in_s.
¦
BAND lnrtruments; F. Beeson, Paris, maker; ,
Gus Maiwald. Agt. Pac. Coast. 278 O'Farrell;
ck!llf-l rep— lrins: 2d-h_nd Instruments sold.
' ALMOST new upright; cheap: cash or Install- ;
i mtnt. ECHMITZ A CO.. 16 McAllister st.
I A ETECK upright mahogany, nearly new;
must be sold. 21- McAllister st.
! BEAUTIFUL 3-pedaI Stelnway upright piano:
p-rfect order: yacrlflce. Keefre'«.2S5 O'Farrfli.
gOHMER, B— ro n Mau-y planes. Cecillan piano
player. BYRON MACZT. 308-312 Post »t
I SUPERIOR violins, cithers, eld and new. H.
MTLLF.R. maker. r«Ta!rer 2 T-tthnm nUt»,
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
DESK room in flne offices"; centrpj »ocatlon;
for rent cheap. W. F. Cummin-. ZiO Montgy.
PERSONALS.
A SPECIAL LOW RATE. 30 DAYS ONLY—
M. ELLA HARR13.
To all whom I bave made prices to since
Jan. 1 19<X>. & for the ensuing 30 days only.
I win' make a liberal reduction from all
prices for my special deep-wrinkle treatment.
The lady who has been on exhibition In
the drug -tore windows may be reen at my
offlce this week from 10 to 5. in order to ac-
commodate those who have requested to ex-
amine the face more thoroughly In private.
M. ELLA HARRIS.
7S1 O'Farrell St.. near Larkln. Call or write
for book explaining method. J
WE would like to put a copy of The Advertis-
ing Wr-rld into the hand- of every person
who keeps any kind of a store; every news-
paper man, every advertising writer, e%'ery
P*rsw. interested in business of any kind:
we «n<l sample ccpies free en request, and
the p&ier usually makes friends for itself at
flrst eight. It isn't made to be pretty, but
to be helpful — and its circulation of 23,000
(biggest cf its class In the world) shows that
¦ it Is helpful. May we have ycur address?
The Alvertisir.g World, Columbus. Ohio.
THE Star Hair Remedjvrestores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
end Itching ccalp: no stain or stickiness;
clcances scalp; at druggists' . hairdressers'; ac-
cept no ru-stttute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk.
NOT how cheap but how good is the motto of
the manufacturers cf the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the eewlng-machlne of to-day. J.
I W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st. \
I PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
Bddress Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant, ave..
ccrr.er Sutter St.; fee moderate. >
LIQUOR hab'.t cured in 2 days or no charges;
guaranteed.- Acme Liquor Cure Co.. i>0~ Mar-
ket Et., room 2r>3; phone South 751. ¦
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
sr.d trout-ers at CHARLES LYONS-', London
Taller, 721 Market tt.
FINE penuine diamonds, watches. Jewelry
cheaper than anywhere. A. A. R_TTER. 237
Kearny st. - ..-
ELEGANT suits on easy Installments: 50 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs., Teutonla Hall, Howard St.. nr.
9th; Prof. Fester; scclety dancicg taught.
MASQUERADE cost-mes. play bocks, wigs;
country crdfrs. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 MkC
6UITS to order on installments. $1 per week.
Keuhaus A Co.. mercb. tailors. 727-729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric nee-le. Dr. A Mrs. Traverse,. 1170 Market.
. — ______——
THE bert i lace to buy good umbrellas or hare
them covered cr repaired Is 120 Stockton «t.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dresi pants $2 50.
Mlt-t Clothing Parlor, cor. Buth and Dupoat.
ALFP.EDU MB Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Us natural color: $1: at all druggists'.
Superfluous hair and moles removed with elec-
tric needle. Mrs. _ Miss Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
b-en coened at 100S Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
PAL_ -TRY. -A
MME. DEVAB. scientific palmist and . astrolo-
glst; palm readings $1; 3 questions by ex-
press. $1 ; open Tuesday eve. also. 139 Post st
MME NEERGARD'S class In palmistry begins
Dec 1. 8 p. — i. 242 Pest st. ; terms $10.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist, 515
Taylor rt.. near Geary. Phone Black 561.
PAPERIIANGIXG. PAINTING. ETC.
ROOMS papered. $3 50 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Cc.. 319 3d at. ; tel. Main 413.
CALL at €27 Turk st. or phone Sutter 154. for
paper r*anglr.c. painting and tinting.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR cTc. O'DONNELL — Offlce and residence.
. 1C21H Market St.. bet. Cth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
liLOOD. -kin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at C67 Geary it., near LeavenwortlL
DR. TONO PO CHY, successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by UEe of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR. H. C. WONO, 719 Post St.; all diseases
cured by Chinese herbs; consultation free.
WONQ WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dls-
e-sf« cured by Chinese herbs. 7*6-8 Clay st.
AGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage A Van Co.; furniture,
household goods etored. moved, chipped. 723-
731 Howard st.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
FIERCE-RODOLPH Storage A Moving Co., of-
flce Post and Fowcll sts.; tel. Prive. Ex. 671.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
di-e. 333 Golden Gate are.; phone East 120.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840 :
Mission *_; tel. Howard &41. F. W. Zehfuis.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 28L.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND^ SUPPLIES. -
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No.
I Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each: get par.
tleulars. L. A M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st. ' • '
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired,
Wfbeter Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 508 Market.
REAL ESTATE— Country — For Sale.
FOR farms orchards and vineyards, poultry
and dock ranches, timber and grazjng lands,
call or send for d_r catalogue. ROTHER-
MEL & CO.. 607 California st. .
FOR rent — In Jled Bluff, swell offices and
rooms. Just completed: suitable for dentists,
doctors and lawyers. Address owner, P. B. [
NAGLE. Red Bl-ff. Cal. : i
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm.
S200 profit per annum per acre.
Writ* for booklet. . It's free. 008 J rt.
WRIGHT A KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Cal.
ALFALFA landi. stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards:' l_apect*d bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. e_5
Market et. . ' . .
A BIG Utt' of . all classes of ranches ;. state
what's wanted an_ I'll -'send descriptions.
N. D. EICKELS, the Land Agtnt. 6 Geary.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent, to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1. - .
POINT RirilMOND REAL ESTATE. ._
WATER front . lots - and bargains: all tracts;
map*, photoi. etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bl-g.
HEAL ESTATE ~ O EXCHANGE. ' *
OAKLAND property to' exchange" for* ranches
not too far out. P. C LASSEN & CO., 466
Tenth St., Oakland. Cal. .-¦¦¦.-¦
| REAL ESTAT_^~CITY--.FOR _ SALE^
j FASTON..ELDRIDG_T& CO.! - • •
638 MARKET ST.
AUCTION,
AUCTION.
' AUCTION.
TUESDAY, Dec. 15, 1903, at 12 o'clock noon,
: At Our Salesrooms. .'
I DEVISADERO-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
West line of DevUadero et., 32 feet south of
Page; lot 25x100; Improvements consist of spa-
cious store and 2 modern fiats; No_. _59-25l»V»-
I 261; pressnt rents very low at 568 per month.
P1ERCE-ST. RESIDENCE. !
; We«t line of .Pierce «t.. 100 feet , south of
! McAllister; lot S7:6xlI2;«i; No. 815: • Improve- !
ments, elegant 3-etory residence, 16 rooms; _a-
I Ion parlors, dining room with Inlaid hardwood
floors, .orceiain bath, steam heat, etc.
MISSION RESIDENCES.
West lin* of Andover St., 27C feet sooth of
Crescent ave.; lots 25x70. each; 2 new modern
| 2-story houses, containing 6 room'_,"porcelalii
bath, reception room; brick foundation, etc.:
Nos. 7.'l3-7__ Andover «t.: rented for -{25 each
per month. ¦ .
BIRCH-AVE. FLATS. '
North line of Birch ave.. 111:6 feet west of
; Buchanan et.; lot 26x60; Improvements (Nos.
j 706-706%) consist of 2 beautiful flats, 5 rooms
! and bath each; rent $30 per month; mortgage
: $2500 at 6 t>er cen_t can remain.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
v North line of First ave.. south of Point Lo-
bes; Nos. G29-S31: 2 new moderns flats, 4-5
rooms and bath each; built lees than a year: ,
rented for $42 50 per month; mortgage $1500
at 6 per cent.
MISSION COTTAGE. / f
N. W. cor. of Twentieth and Hartford sts.:
lot -5x82:6 feet; Improvements consist of a
magnificent new cottage, 8 rooms and bath,
laundry, billiard-room and 'stable
MISSION LOT.
North line of Eighteenth et., 60 feet west of
Diamond; lot 24:8x75 feet; bltuminlzed street;
title guaranteed; no reasonable offer refused.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS BUILDING SITE.
,_ N - w - c °r. of Belvedere and Frederick sts.;
35x05 feet; also north side of Frederick St.. «5
feet west of Belvedere: lot 25x110 feet: to be
cold as a whole: this property is situated eo
It commands an unsurpassed view and will
; make a most desirable building site.
I WESTERN ADDITION BUILDING LOT.
North line of Greenwich st., 146:10^ feet
east, of Polk; extra size lot, 37:4^x137:6 feet.
For further particulars and catalogue apply
to EASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO..
.% C38 Market st.
EAETON. ELDRIDGE A CO
•r-v^^ - 63S MARKET ST.
f 90.000— Safe Investment; 3-story brick and
Bteel building, running from street to
street: leased for 10 years; 6 per cent
net guaranteed under secured lease;
$50,000 mortgage can remain; premises
___ occupied by large mercantile house.
; $30.000— McAllister st., near Franklin; 50x137:0
feet: rays- well; rente $225 per month;
6 elegant flats; steady tenants.
$27,500— Paciflc Heights flats; magnificent ; 9-9-
11 rooms • and 2 spacious bathrooms In
each flat; positively new and designed
after the latest European . models of
apartments.
$12,000 — Fremont-et. corner. 45 feet frontage:
Important business location; rents $123
per month; 3 elegant frame dwellings.
$8,500 — 3 elegant flats, 6-7-7 rooms and baths:
only 3 years old; present rents very low
— only $70; could easily be tenanted at
$S5 per month; Waller st., near Scott;
Investments of this nature are scarce.
$7,750— New flats, near ISth St.: 6-10 rooms:
. Improvements alone cost, $6500 less than
a year ago; rents $65; lot 27xS7:6 feet:
owner i compelled to *ell on account of
having mortgages on other property.
$6,750— Rents $62 50; 3 flats on 13th St.; 5-6-
6 rooms and baths.
$5,000— Mlnna-et. cor.; store and flat above;
50 ft. frontage; rented 'or $30 per mo.;
lot alone worth more money.
$5,000— Shotwell St., r.ear 20th; 2 beautiful
flats. . finished throughout in flrst-class
condition; newly painted; modern
plumbing; lot 30x125 feet; beautifully
cultivated lawns.
$1,500 — Sacrifice; Octavia st., near Union;
25x82:6 ft.; large lot; easily worth $100
per front foot. '
$1,000 each — 1 excellent buildings lots on 18th
St.: level and ready for building; posi-
tively cheapest lots in . the Mission
warm belt.
For further particulars apply
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market street.
THOMAS MAGEE _: SONS,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
Nearly 20,000 square feet.
Not far from Larkln street.
Fine site for hotel, apartment house or large
number of smalt flats.
$30,000.
SAN MATEO— BURLINGAME.
Best -uburban homes near San Francisco;
no ferry; electric railroad now running; lots
And residences for sale; we can sell good lots
as low as $500 each; we wllr be glad to show
them: we also have some acreage land near by
as low as $100 to $200 per acre.
MCAFEE BROTHERS.
10S Montgomery et.. San Francisco. • Resident
agent, S. G. GOODHUE, Western Union Tel.
bldg., San Mateo.
MODERN cottages; finished complete with
every convenience; easy terms; large lots.
4 rooms — $2900. ¦ ; .*.'- .
6 rooms — $3250.
5 rooms — $3500.
6 rooms — $3600.
7 rooms— $4100.
8 rocme — $1600.
Located, on First and Second aves, bet.
Geary and McAllister st; cars and one block
north of park. F. NELSON, builder.
SAVE $5
PER MONTH
By buying a lot In the growing city of Rich-
mond, where are located the Standard Oil
I Company, Santa' Fe Railroad terminal, the
Southern Paciflc R. R. belt warehouses and
manufacturing plants. All level. Streets
graded. Mars free.
RICHMOND LAND COMPANY.
Crocker building, San Francisco.
15 PER cent on Investment: 2 new flats; Dor-
land St.; rents $62 50 month; $4000 cash;
$2500 at 6 »er cent.
$5500 — Store and flat, with cottage; good
stock of groceries and bar.
. D. COFFIN A CO.. 3303 Mission st.
$1700 — STORE and 5 rooms, bath.
$2300 — New cottaqe. 6 rooms, bath; modern;
$200 cash, balance $25 per month.
MISSION REALTY CO., 2 29th St.
FOR choice list of city property, houses and
lots, also Oakland and Berkeley bargains,
ca!l on or address
ROTHERMEL & CO., 507 California st.
BUILD en your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost lmprov. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
NETW flats for sale on Sixteenth - st. near
Church; rent $90 a month. D. CONDON,
builder. T"^-.-i
PLUMBING, gasflttlng and general Jobbing.
Ahlbach & Mayer, plumbers, S36 Howard at.
LOTS N or 8 .side of Golden Gate Park, pur-
chased by W. J. CUXX. 630 California st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
A— — MEDA REAL ESTATES.
IF you want to build, buy or sell property,
call or address J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park St.,
Alameda. .
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BUY this and stop paying rent; make /your
family a Christmas present of a new, coty,
up to date cottage; close to stations, school,
church and stores; 5 large rooms, bath,
pantry, folding doors, 2 bay-windows, high
basement, stationary tubs, brick . foundation,
gas and electric lights.' fixtures and shades;
larce lot; street work done and concrete side-
walk done; city water; price $2500; Vrmi,
$200 cash, balance $20 monthly. O. A. RU-
DOLPH. Lorln Station. Open Sundays.
NEW 4-room modern cottage; large lot; close
to both ferry, line eta tlons and street cars,
stores, school and church; price $1500; terms
$100 cash, balance $15 monthly; same as
rent. O. A. RUDOLPH. Lorln Station. Open
Sundays. ¦."'¦'*¦'•) •
ONE left; a splendid new home In Berkeley;
Email cash payment; remainder on Install-
ment* less than rent. - 8. F.- and- S.' Home
Building-society. 708 Market St., 8. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BB0ADWAY.
: .'. ." OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$4700 ONLY for 2 flne flats in Oakland; rented
for $50 per month. P. C. LASSEN & CO.
468 Tenth St., Oakland. Cal. .
A FLNE 7-room house; must be sold this week;
good location; easy terms.- P. C. ; LASSEN
A CO.. 466 Tenth St.. ¦ Oakland. Cal. - , i» . >
OAKLAND ROOMS _TO .LET." ¦:
VBNDOME AND GRAND HOTELS. ~*~"~~
' »55H Washington end 610 Ninth sts Oak-
land; furnished rooms. en suite or single.' with
or ' without board ; special ' rates to families.
OAKLA^yjO^FPE^ITPRE.. FOR gALB.
TO-MORROW ¦. the day for : bargains • In fornl-
y ture. H. Scbellhaaa. Ut_ __.cor._tare.Oakl_d.
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, front the parlors
of H. F. Snhr A Co., 1137 -Mission street,
between Seventh ar,d Eighth. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral
«*»•• - .. - - ; . . : ;
ROSENK— In Oakland. December 3. 1903. Dr.
Gustav Rosenk. a native of Germany, aged
S8 years and 9 months.
C7Frl«nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday.. December S. 1903. at 1 p' clock, a:
his late residence. 410 Seventh street. Oak-
land. Interment private.
SCHUBERT— In t_ls city. December. 5." 190_.
Kmllie Schubert, relict of the late Charles
Schubert, and mother of Paul and the late
Ernst Schuberf. a native of Sucgart* Wur-
temberg, Germany, aged 88 years. ' ,
IDTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to autad the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her .laie
residence, 21ttt Fifteenth street. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SMYTH— In thl» city. December 5. 1903, Elisa-
beth, beloved- 'wife of John Sm >yth. aad
mother of John. William. Margaret and Dr.
J. W. Smyth, Mrs. J. Geary and the late
Mary E. and George P. Smyth, a native of
Ireland, aged tS years 11 months and It
da>«- , ".*'. - . ¦ . • '
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at tt o'clock, from her hU* resi-
dence, 10C2 Ellis street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem high ma— will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 0:30 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland, by U o'clock
creek boat.
SULCER— In this city. December 5. 1903. Ellen
Sulcar. a native of Ireland. age4 58 years..
l_~Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor- A Co., 7«I
Mission street, between Third and Fourth.
SULLIVAN— In this city, December 3. 1003.
Nellie V., dear!/ beloved daughter of Cath-
erine and the late Jeremiah H. Sullivan,
and loving sister of Katie F. and Thomas
H. Sullivan, a native cf San Francisco, aged
24 years.
I_~Frl*nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 218 Twtnty.eighth: street, .thence to
St. Paul's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul at 9:30 -o'clock. . Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SULLTVAX— In this city, December 8, 1903.
Patrick. b*lovo<t husband of the late EUra
Sulllvan. a native of tbe parish of Skull.
County Cork. Ireland, aged 75 years.
t_~Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the oarlors of Care w A English. 2» V*a
Ness . avenue. «"••"-
SULLIVAN— In this city. December 5. 1903.
Infant wo of Gecrge and Nora Sullivan, a
native of Fan Francisco. ; * .- . • .- • ••
WIEGAND — In this city. December 3. 1903. at
the residence of her stepfather, Adam Neu-
man. 2618 Bryant avenue, between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-fifth streets, Ciothlla S. .
Wiegand. dearly beloved wife of Eugene A.
Wiegand, beloved ¦ mother of Clothl— aad
Eugene Wiegand ¦ Jr., and daughter of Mrs.
Adam Neutsan. a native of Japan, aged 27
years & months and 19 days. ' " ' • " ; .'
E7Ffienrt9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 11:45 o'clock, .from the re_l-
dence of her steDfather, Adam Neuman.
2t>18 Bryant avenue, between Twenty-fourth
and Twenty-fifth streets." thence to St." Boni-
face's Church, Golden Gate avenue, between
Jones and Leavcnworth streets, for 'services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
YOUNG — Entered Into rest, in this clty^ De-
cember 3. 1903. Caroline J. Yc_g, a native
of ' County Rcscommon. Ireland, aged 93
years and 1 month. . • :T. -..iv
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-,
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Monday), at 2:3© »'cloek. at St.
Ann's Chapel. Episcopal Old Ladies' Home.
2118 Golden Gate avenue. Interment Cyp— s»
Lawn Cemetery. ' ' ¦--¦ t - - •' --
ROOMS AND HOARD — Continued. |
~~ h6tel^b^ti_ore~
van ness ave.. near geary st.
- " AMERICAN PLAN.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
' SELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEL.
HOT AND COLD OCEAN -WATER.
\ '•¦'¦- SPECIAL RATES BY THE MONTH.
. MUNGER& ZEBSRG. PROPRIETORS. -
CHANGE OF PROPRIETORS.
MANHATTAN HOTEL. 1704 Market St.— A
strictly flrst-class family and tourist hotel of
unquestioned respectability. American plan.
SANCHEZ,' 372. bet. 16th and 17th — Room for
2 gentlemen: double bed; good home cooking;
•i $18 cer month. '. ¦ _. "¦ ¦ ¦¦ . -' ¦
CALIFORNIA, 1240— Most select location In
modern, elegantly furnished private home;
, ' table unsurpassed ;¦ marine view.' ... .;.-.? -'-.. -;
HOTEL MARTTNETL Geary st. and Van Nes»
ave.. has cfianged Bands: hereafter conducted
. flrst-class family hotel: table board specialty.
STEVENSON mansion. 807 California st.— At-
tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
eervlce; lowest rates. • . . j
TWO i sunny front rooms, with or without ;
board. In private family. 1402 Washington
st. ; phone Hyde 44S1.
, LEAVENWORTH. 30ft— Large front sunny
room, suitable for 2. with board: references.
O'FARRELL. 308— Furnished rooms; home j
cooking; German family; $6 per week.' >
POWELL. 317— Sunny front suite for doctor or |
dentlEt; also other furnished rooms. .-i
SUNNY furnished rooms, with board If re-
quired. : 2460 Mission st^
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 1G pages, , sent to any address In the
Un'tcd States or Canada one year for $1. I
ROOMS'. -WANTED. j
ROOM between Fourth and. Tenth sts., on Mis-
sion, by single temperate man; unfurnished.
Box 3150. Call.
SEWING MACHINES AND SDPFLIES.
NEW HOME sewing machine: this week only;
$10. $16.* $20: slightly used: needles 20c do*.
; NEW HOME'S. M. CO. 10S1 Market st. ]
. ; ; -""" SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS _n_" NOISES iVeARS
; . positively cured; new. method; 1 week's treat.
. -tnent free." Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st. ,
STUTTERING '¦-. AMD 8TAMMERIXQ. j
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market — Cun» i
in every case; Individual teaching: -no medl-
clne. Inquire Into wonderful cure-: home eu~>.
"" "-,:-; - ".' TO ' LEASE. ~~
BASEMENT to let; light and airy; cement
floor, high celling; 40xS5 feet. 716 Kearny st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. "
DIV'IDENdTnOTICE — The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. — A dividend. No. CO. of fifty (50)
cents per share on the issued capital stock of
the company- has been declared, payable at :
the office of the company, rooms 202, 204 and ,
• 206 Hayward building, San Francisco, on De-
cember 10, 1903. Transfer books close Decem-
ber 3. 1.03. at noon. C. C. QUINN. Sec'y. i
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS.
OFFICE ' OF THE BOARD OF STATE BAR-
bor j Commissioners, Union Depot and ferry
. House, Ban Francisco, California. Novem-
ber _«!- 1903. . • _.
Sealed proposal a or bids will be received at
this Lfflce at or prior to 2:15 o'clock p. m.
on Wednesday, December 23/ 1903. for the
construction of a section of ' seawall and
wharf along same to be, located between
King and Channel streets on the water
front of the City and County of San 'Fran-
cisco, In accordance with the plans and
f peciflcatlons prepared therefor by the Chief
Engineer of th* Board and adopted by the
Board August 27, 1903. and on file in this
office, to which special reference Is hereby
made. The work to be done under . these
specifications consists In furnishing all ma-
terials labor for constructing and erect-
Ing a stcna seawall with end embankments
and a wharf. It is estimated that the sea-
wall and end embankments will contain
about' 90,000 tons of stone: the wharf will
contain 36,000 square feet at wharf sur-
face. This section of the seawall will ex-
tend from the Intersection of the northerly
:tne of Channel street (prolonged easterly)
with the water front line, six hundred (600)
feet northerly along said water front line.
The materials to be used for the construc-
tion of the seawall and end embankments
will ' consist of stone not subject to decom-
position nor disintegration by - the > action of
sea water or air. ¦-¦- ->
Two . classes of stone ' will be recognized.
The first class will include stone of on*, or
more cubic feet In fnlr assortment of sizes
. between one and four cubic r feet; nonobjec-
tion will be made to stone larger than four
cubic feet: this class of stone must ba fre*
of seams and marked lines of cleavage.
The- second class will include stone of less
- than : one cubic foot. In assorted sizes, but
no stone lees than five pounds will be ac-
. cepted at the Quarry. ...
The materials for the construction of the
wharf will consist of the requisite quanti-
ties of first .class, close grained, ¦ Douglas
yellow flr piles and yellow flr lumber (mer-
chantable quality), wire rope, wrought iron
bolts, rplkeu, etc., all of the best quality
and subject to - a rigid examination
No bid will be received unless It Is mad*
on a blank form furnished from this offlce
and is accompanied by a oertlfled check for
five per ceat of the aggregate amount of
the bid, payable to the order of the Secre-
tary cf the Board, as a guarantee on the
part of the successful bidder that he will
within six (6) days after the acceptance of
the bid enter Into a written contract to do
said work, according to the plans and spec-
ifications prepared therefor, and will also
! execute and file with this Board a bond In
such . cum as tbe Board may deem ade<iuat«
with a surety company, to be approved by
the Board of State Harbor Commissioners,
and : conditioned for the faithful performance
of such contract: nor will, said bid be con-
' sldered by this Board unless delivered to the
secretary or to the assistant secretary, at
the office of the secretary, at or prior to
¦ 2:15 o'clock p. m. on Wednesday, Decem-
ber 23, 1903. at which time and place th*
* bids will be ODened.
The Board reserves the right to reject any or
all) bids If deemed for the best Interest of
1 th* State. . — <¦
Bidders are Invited to be present at th* open-
ing of the. bids. - ¦ ¦ ...
CHAS. H. SPEAR.
JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. ¦
J. D. MACKENZIE.
Board of State Harbor Commissioners.
LOTT D. NORTON. Chief Engineer.
JOHN M. FOY. Secretary.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA. Berkeley.
Notice to contractors, builders and material
men— Notice Is hereby given to all concerned
that sealed proposals or bids are solicited for
performing the labor and furnishing the ma-
terials necessary for the excavations and
foundations of California Hall, on th*
grounds of tho* University of California at
Berkeley. Alameda County. California, and
said 1 bids or proposals will be received at the
.office of the Board of Regents, South Hall.
> Berkeley, at or before 12 o'clock m." of the
llth day of December, 1903. And nottce Is
hereby further Riven that the plans and (speci-
fications of paid excavations and foundations
have been made and adopted and are placed
In above named offlce, where the same may
be seen and examined during each day from
9 o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock p. m... from
this date until said llth day of December,
1903. No bids or proposals will be considered
unless: the eame are accompanied by a certi-
fied check or a bond of said proposer equal to
ten' (10) per cent of his proposal, with suf-
ficient sureties, conditioned that, if said bid
or. proposal shall be accepted, the party pro-
posing wilt duly enter Into a proper contract
to faithfully perform the duty and obllga-
y tlons In accordance with said proposal and
plans and specifications, which shall be and
/'are '.hereby required to be a part of such
contract. . The ritht to reject any and all
bids is hereby reserved. This notice is
. given pursuant to an act entitled : "An act
. to amend an act entitled 'An act to create
and organize the University of California.'
approved March 25. .1868, and an act amend-
atory "of section 25 thereof, approved March
28, 1872, relating to the construction of build-
, ings," approved March 3. 1697. ¦ By order of
- the Committee on Grounds and Buildings of
the Board of Regents.
; . v W. A. McKOWEX. Secretary.
BIBTHS-IIIARBIAGES-DEATH- :•
Blrthj- marriage and death notices 'sent by
mail will not b4 Inserted. They must be handed
In - at either of the ' publication . office, and be
Indorsed with the name and, residence ' of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices, restricted simply 'to the announcement]
of the event are published once in this column
free . of ' charge. - ¦ ¦ ¦
BOBJST.
LESS— In I* Is city. December 4, 1903. ' to the
: ' wife of . Albert : Less, a daughter.
PLUNKETT— In this' city, ". December 6, . 1903.
:. to . th* : wife of William- John • Plunkett, a 4
:,'. daughter. ;;. > .:¦' ' [¦ ¦'¦ ' '.. ¦- •¦•..
_ ________ ___ _
Adams. Anna V. Oberg, 'Gustav
Anderson. Thos.'H. O'Nell, Alma M.
Baker. Marearet -. v . O'SulIivan, Jos. P.
Cordano, ¦ Giusep-e " Paulson, Charles I*
' Crane, Ellis T. Phillips. Wm. H.
Culley. Ann Qulnn, James J. ¦
Eno_, Marie ¦ Rigby. .Emma .
Flaherty. George E. Rosenk. Dr. Gustav
Foley,' Joseph J. ' Schubert. EmllU*
Oon-alez. Dr.' M. E. Smyth.. Elizabeth
." Hussey, Ellen V ¦. Sulcer, Ellen '.
/Keefe, Cathryn G. . Sullivan. NelHe V.
Krug.. Christiana > ' , Sullivan, , Patrick. .
Lehmann. Carl Jr. Sullivan (Infant)
' McPherson, Margaret ¦ Wiegand. - Clothlla
¦ Megahan. Ambrose . Young, Caroline J. •
ANDERSON— In this, city, December 6, 1903, .
Thomas • Helzer, •, beloved ¦ husband of Jennie
Duncan Anderson, and eldest son of J. ~.
Anderson, aged 42 years 5 months and IS
days. A member of . Fresno Lodge No. 186.
. I. O.O F.; Mission Lodge No. 169. F. and '
A. ' M . and Carmen's Union, Division No. '
205. . . .-¦¦
ICT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect- !
fully ; Invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday. December 8, 1903. at 1:30 o'clock,
under the auspices of Mission Lodge No. lt».
F. and A. M., at Mission Masonic Hall. 2660
Mission street, between Twenty-second and
Twenty-third. Interment Cypress Lawn
• Cemetery, by electric funeral car from cor-
ner at Eighteenth and Guerrero street- at
2:30 o'clock. " fi8*C3
ADAMS— In this city. December 6. 1903. Anna
Virginia,- beloved wlfe-of Hiram W. Adams,
and mother of "Walter. A., Octavlaa R. and
Harvey L. Adams, Mrs. George J. Turner
and Mrs. Thomas T. Whear, a native of.
Newark, N. J., aged 67 years 3 months and
10 days. - I- *
IT-TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to .attend. the funeral, services
. to-morrow (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, at her
late residence, 30 Rlncon plac*. between
First and Second. Harrison and Bryant
'streets. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and Town-
send streets.
BAKER— In this city. December 6. 1903. Mar-
garet, ' beloved daughter of Eugene J. and
Ella F. Baker, and sister of Francis J.. Leo
- and Gertrude Baker and Mrs. V. A. Han-
cock, a native of San Francisco, aged 24
years 3 months and 4 days.
.C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
December 8. at 1 :30 o'clock, from her . late
residence, 66 Stanley place, thence to St.
Brendan's Church, corner Harrison and Fre-
mont streets, for services. Interment Holy
. Cross Cemttery, via electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
CRANE— In this city, at the residence of Mrs.
Flora A. Graver. 100S Dolores street. Decem-
ber 6, 1903. Ellis T.. beloved husband of
Carrie H. Crane, and father of Ethel. Mabel.
Temple, Kathleen, Ellis and Richard Crane,
a native of California, aged 49 years. (Co-
lusa. Cal.. papers please copy.)
E7Th» funeral will take place In Colusa,
- Cal. • . \
CORDANO— In this city, December «, 1903.
at 811 Un'on street. Giuseppe Cordano. be-
loved father of Antonio. LuigL Giovanni and
Joseph Cordano and Mrs. Poletlna Pexzola.
a native of Italy, aged 89 years and 20 daya.
CULLEY — In this city. December 9. 1903, Ann
Culley. dearly - beloved aunt of Arthur. Kittle
and Annie . Brady and Mrs. E. 9. Jackson.
a native of County Fermanagh, Ireland, aged
• 79 years. /
ENOS— In this city,' December «. 1908, Marie,
dearly beloved wife of Manuel Enos, loving
mother of Geraldine Enos, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. M. V. Peterst and sister of Annie.
Maggie, Winifred, Mildred. Frank. Manuel.
Anthony and Joseoh Peters and Mrs. L. U. j
Fowler, a native of Sausallto, aged 32 years
2 months and 9 days. .
H_T Remains at the parlors of E. Castag-
netto — Co., 643-45 Vallejo street, until
Tuesday,' December 8, when at 2 o'clock the
remains will be aent to Petaluma, where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose cf her soul Wednesday, at ll>
o'clock. Interment at Petaluma.
FLAHERTY— In this city. December 6. 1903,
at the parents' residence, 1336 Alabama
street, George E.,- beloved son of Michael and
Bridget Flaherty, and brother of Mary A.,
Thomas, Michael E-. Elsie and the late
Katie Flaherty, a native of Pleasanton, Ala- 1
raeda County. Cal.
FOLEY— In Phoenix, Arts., December 2, 1903,
Joseph J. Foley, '" beloved husband of Mary
E. Foley, a native of Fail River, Mass., aged
33 years. .
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral . Monday,
at I) o'clock, from the funeral parlors of
Porter A White, 423 Golden Gate avenue,
thence to Bacred Heart Church, corner of
Fillmore and Fell street-, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GONZALEZi-In" this city, December 6, 1903.
Dr. M. E. Gonzalez, beloved husband of
Edie W. Gonzalez, father of Anieta W. Gon-
zalez, and brother of Alfred Gonzalez, a -na-
tive of California, azed 65 years 4 months
and 11. days.
B_TNotlce of funeral In Tuesday morning's !
papsrs.
HUSSEY — In this city. December 4, 1903.
I Ellen Hussey. wife of Michael Hussey, and
mother of J. M.. H. F.. J. P.. Delia A..
Nora E.. W. L. and Eva G. Hussey and ;
Mrs. T. J. Lawsen, a native of County Ros-
coramon, Ireland, aged 60 years 5 months
and 11 days. * ¦'• \ .
__~Friends and. acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors l
of McFadden, McBrearty A Green. 1171 Mls-
, e ion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a r«-
qulem mass will be celebrated for th* repose
of her soul at 0 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
KEEFE— In this city. December 6. 1903. Cath-
ryn G.. beloved daughter o£ 'John F. and
Georgia M. Keefe. a native of Santa Rosa.
aged 1 year 1 month and 9 days.
KRUG— In this city. December 6. 1903. Chris-
tiana Krug. dearly beloved mother of Mrs.
Rosa Wagner and Philip J. and Albert Krug
and Henry Krug of Baltimore. Md., a native
of Germany, aged 75 years and 28 days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
' (Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her daughter, 196- Howard street,
near Sixteenth, thence to the Emanuel
Church, Twelfth street, between Mission and
Market, where' services will be held, com-
mencing at 11 o'clock. Interment Mount
Olivet <••-—•-»-— -jiMltfilffTOIl
LEHMANN— In this city. December 8. 1903.
Carl Jr., beloved and only son of Carl and
the late Caroline Lehmann. and devoted
brother of Mrs. Annie Marlow and Bertha
and Freda Lehmann. a native of San Fran-
cisco,- aged 17 years 3 months and 17 days.
U-TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
McPHERSON— In this city. December 5. 1903.
Margaret McPherson, beloved *v!fe of Sam-
uel G. McPberson, mother of Samuel G. Mc-
Pherson'. Jr. and Mrs. Margaret Whitman,
mother-in-law of the late Henry Whitman,
and grandmother of the late Mrs. Dollle
Whitman Fenton, aged 79 years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 828 Union street. Interment private
in Mount Olivet Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
MEGAHAN — In Oakland, December 5, 1903.
Ambrose M., beloved, husband of Christina
w. Meganan, a native of Pennsylvania, aged
52* years.
MEMBERS of Sequoia Lodge No. 349, F. and
A. M.. of Oakland, and all Master Masons,
are requested to attend a called meeting of
this lodge Monday. December 7, at 2 o'clock.
Masonic Temple, for the purpose of conduct-
" Ing the Masonic service »at the Oakland Cre-
matory at 3 o'clock of our late brother, Am-
brose Megahan, late of Alameda Lodge No.
167, F. and A. M.. of Centervllle, Cal. By
order of the W. M.
P. F. STRUCKMAN, Secretary.
OBERG— In Alameda. December 6, 1903, Gus-
tav Oberg, beloved husband of Elisabeth
Oberg, a native of Sweden, aged 6. years 8
months and 5 days.
__TFrlen_9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
December 8. at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1330 Versailles avenue, thence to Oak-
land Crematory-
O'NEIL— In this city, December 6, 1903. Alma
M.. beloved daughter of Thomas P. and
Alma O'Nell. a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 years 7 months and 7 days.
O' SULLIVAN— In this city, December «, 1903.
Joseph Patrick, beloved son of Michael and
Katie O'SulIivan. a native of San Fran-
, clsco. aged 20 days.
PAULSON — In this city, December 6, 1903.
Charles L. Paulson, beloved son of Charles
and. Lillian Paulson, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 17 days.
PHILLIPS— In this city, December 5. 1903.
William H- Phillips, a native of Arthur,
Grant County. Wisconsin, aged 31 years 7
months and 21 days.
QUINN — In this city, December. 5, 1903. James
Joseph,' beloved son of Thomas and. the late
Margaret Culnn, brother of Thomas Qulnn
Jr. and Mrs. C: Curtis, and nephew of Mrs.
Ellen ' Feeney, a native of San Francisco,
' aged 25 years 2 months and 23 days.
E_TFrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty A Green, 1171 Mis-
sion .street, between .Seventh and Eighth,
'-thence to St. Joseph's Church, ..where ser-
vices will be held at 1 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross . Cemetery.'
RIGBY— In this city. "November 30. 1903, Em-
ma Rigby, beloved daughter of . Mrs. . Ann
Stiles, a native of England, aged 69 years 3
months and - 30 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances' are 'respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
ilSfc Dr.R,L.Walsh
J»ffi_yS> -ti rmmil -ea'.l trutUi
» V 847 Geary St
rimt'j write flanUgft 1*1)
Reduced Rates for Thirty Days
Painless' Extraction . . . \ . 25c
Fillings . . . y . . . ... . .50c
Crowns .... . . $2.00 to $5.00
Plate Work . . . $5.00 to $25.00
fcWZ m TSU AA IACH 0-IJ3 PAT.
RRAL-.ESTAjrE~CITY~F
W. J. GUNN, 530 California st. (Sayings Union
buildicg).
$5000 — Residence, built only 3 years, 7 rooms,
bathroom, basement; grand marine view; lot
25x100:* sunny site: flne homes. going up; north
of Hroadway; a bargain. " .,. ,- .* 1
$1750 — Union st. : sunny site; marine view;
lot 25x100; ! $100 first payment; " easy Install-
ment..
$2G_5— Union, north side, west of Devisadero;
lot 37.6x100; marine view; $150 flrst payment;
easy Installments. . . ¦' .
$4250 — Desirable business corner on Clement,
32:6x100.' with." residence: 6 rooms and bath-
room.
i $3250— Choice lot, 50x120. north of lake, close
to Presidio wall; street work done; few steps
from Sacramento street cars.
$10.000— Four flats, 2 separate buildings,
new; income $1110; north of Broadway; fine
marine view; a bargain.
$-300 — Business corner. Webster; 25x110.* - ", '-"
W. J. GUNN.
. ¦ • - - 030 California Street. - -
ROOM? FOR H £H*? I S__?_ >I?rO *
AS^Knlckerbocker Apartments, 1340 PlnV > st^
- near Hyde — Furnished 3-room suits: $30 up;
-team heated, electric lighted; free bath.
FILLMORE. 2219 — * large furnished rooms;
bath: housekeeping: choice; $30. . . --
FOUR con. rooms, 2 beds, bath, toilet, gas
and coal stoves; all necessaries. .1933 Qeary.
FOURTH, 225 — Nice housekeeping rooms; also
single rooms. - . • -
i GEARY. 990 — 3 outside furnished rooms; sun
all day; coal and gas range: reasonable.
GEARY, 1237. corner Gough — Unfur. house-
keeping rooms and others; terms reasonable..
HYDE, 819—2 sunny front rooms; en suite or
i single; private family; ) reasonable.
MODEL HOUSE. 1206 Stockton st.~NewIy
furni-hed rooms. $5-$12; bath, gas, phone. >
OAK GROVE, 10. off Harrison — Furnished and
unfurnished rooms ..for housekeeping. •
POLK, 811 — Three sunny connecting rooms;
! bath, gaa range; furnished; private; refs.
POLK, 1018. near Geary — Neatly furnished
front housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
SUTTER 832B — Elegantly furnished suit of
.. rooms, 'suitable for gentleman or light hskpg.
TAYLOR 011 — 2 furnished rooms ; gas range,
coal stove, sink; $10. Phone Kate. 2084.
THE ANTLERS, 416 Turk — Modern hause-
kpg. apartments; 3, 4. - run.; turn, unfurn.
THIRD 17, near Examine!- — 3," 4 or 6 neatly
furnls'hed rooms to let; rent reasonable.
VAN NESS ave.. 706 — Sunny front basement
suite and kitchen; complete for housekeeping;
reasonable. • ¦¦
"WEBSTER, 711 — 2 or 3 unfurnished or partly
furnished rooms; every convenience.
¦'.-.f •'''•.-. APAHTMENT HOUSES.
-..: MONTCLAIR APARTMENTS.
Corner Pine ar.d Taylor sts.: beautiful new
modern apartments; all sunny corner suites;
furnished or unfurnished; none superior; ma-
rine view. LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery.
OCTAVIA, 1423, near Poet— Elegantly fur-
nished 8-4 room apartments: most private and
select in the city; private hall, bath; refs.
HADDON HALL.
'*'»!••. 831 EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sts. — New
house, new furniture: every room outside;
modern and sunny; prices from $1 60. per
week up; this Is the only up-to-date house In
this vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ASHWORTH, 320 Mason st. bet. Gear* and
Post — Suite and single rooms with or with-
oat private bath; sun In rooms all day. .:
-¦ .
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth Bt.)— Rooms. 25c, 6Qc. 11, '$1 60 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night..
ABBOTSFORD (The), cor. Broadway and Polk
— Quiet, homelike; charges reas.; cars direct.
BRYANT. 456 — Furnished room to let.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
r-i.-l'.'-i.! rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 14.1 Vz — Sunny furnished room cheap;
bath. ¦ ' .
CALIFORNIA. 1268. near Leavenworth-r-Two
furnirhfd rooms to let; $5 and $6.
CLIFFORD. _04 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
CRAGBURN ¦ -1007 LARKIX
; Sunny single; also housekeeping rooms.
EDDY, £24 — Nicety fur.; sunny rooms; suitable
for 1 or 2 gentlemen; $0 and $10.
EDDY. S72 : — 2 nicely furnished rooms, double
or single; rent reasonable; phone, bath.
EDDY, 913 — Elegantly furnished suite of three
or four rooms, or single; every modern, con-
venience; private; board optional; central.,'
FELL, 222 — One furnished room, j private fam-
lly. $C
FILLMORE, 1021— Sunny suite; suitable for
1 or 2 gentlemen or couple; clso single room.
FOLSOM, 1220— Nice l'vtht room; suitable for
man and wife or two gentlemen.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 847 — Furnished rooms;
all conveniences; private; rent reasonable.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission — Rooms 5Oo
to $1 50 night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
HOWARD. 1310— Nicely furnished sunny front
parlor for 2 gentlemen or lady and gent.
HYDE. 810 — Two eunny front rooms, en suite
or Rlngle; private; reasonable.
JESSIE, 3C3. east- XT. R. Mint— Furnished
rooms, $5 and $7; for 2, $0.
LAGUNA and McAllUter. St. James flat— Sun-
ny single rocm.
LARKIN, 247— Sunny rooms to let; $1 50 to $3.
LARKIN. 816 B— Small, light room, large hall,
closet, bath and phone; reasonable.
LARKIN, 604 — Sunny front room, "with grate.
for 1 or 2 gentlemen. $7: stagle room. $4 60.
LEAVENWORTH. 1003 — Parlor floor (carpet-
ed). kitchen complete; also furnished alcove
room. .
LEAVENWORTH. 1*409 — Large sunny rooms
and bath; furnished In exquisite Oriental
style; phone East 1203. ¦ . ¦ ,
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 50 week up: 30c day up.'
NINTH. 119 (Glllesple)— Nicely furnished room*
$1 60 to $2 60 per week; 60c to 75c per night.
POLK, 823 — Best furnished rooms in the city
for the money; single or en suite; everything
new and , plenty of sunshine: terms very
reasonable; only 10 minutes' walk to Powell
and Market, sts. . ¦
POST, 606 — Sunny front, nicely furnished room; I
bath adjoining; quiet family. ¦
POST. 713 — Private, new, neat, clean; single
or en suite; low for permanent.
ROSALIND 554 Geary — Sunny front : board
optional; electric light: bath; tel, Sutter 871. ;
STOCKTON 332— All elegantly furnished sun-
ny rooms; day, week or month: transient.
SUTTER, 230— The Crane — Elegantly furnished
rooms; downtown; suite orslngle; $10 up.
BUTTERT 361 (The Larchmont) — New. mod-
ern, reasonable:- no carfare.
THE LARCHMONT. 361 Sutter— New; every
modern convenience: no car fare. t ¦>-
- - . THE PIERRE. .:
679 O'FARRELL ST.; NEW. MODERN,
SUNNY ROOMS; REASONABLE. • ¦ -
THE RE Y 675 Bush— Newly furnished suites/
$5 per week: singles. $2 up; tel. Red B250. .
THE ZOLA, 390 Jones, cor. Ellis— New house.;
elegantly furnished rooms; all snnny; electric
light; hot water; steam heat. ,»
THE VAN WINKLE, 20T Jones — Nicely fur-
nished sunny, rooms or en suite; $2 to $6.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy St.. nr. Market—
400 single and family rooms; S5c to $1 night;
$1 75 to $6 week; elevator; , electric lights;
reading-room;- free bus and baggage. r
VAN NESS. 619 — Handsome sunny furnished
suites and single rooms; all conveniences.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; ¦ 700 rooms;
35c to $1 60 night: $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room; free bus; baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS. I subscriptions received at
¦: Call Branch offlce. cor. Duncan & Church sts.
CI4ASSIFIED advertisements and 'subscriptions
received at .Call branch office. '2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office of The tall for the fecep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
: been opened -: at ¦ 1008 Market st.. r opposite
.% Fifth. Open; until 11 P. m.
» ROOMS ASDBOARD^.: .
HATTON' ¦" ' ' • ' '
. v S. -: E. * COR.'*. PINE • AND TAYLOR——
This new, and rustlcjconstructed hotel Is .sit-"
¦ uated-in the city's _wellest : quarter, and will
•-'be handsomely furnished throughout.* with ail :
$ the very, latest -conveniences; .wljl.be, ready ,
• for, occupancy. Dec." 15;* reservations can' now
; X '. be ; made ortj premises . daily. V \
_¦ ¦•— -'THEi DRESDEN -¦
SELECT FAMILY BOARDING-HOUSE. 1442 :
FULTON. BET.! BRODERICK, AXD BAKER.
FIRST.' 323— Board and lodging, $4 50; changed
i."^.«ii.. f || fcfjnit^Vnir, "¦ - • • • - . .' Trapper's Oil cure* rheumatism and .neuralgia,'
©rug giata. ' 60c flask, i Richard A Co.," 406 Clay.*
. FLORENCE. « Italy. * Dec, 6.^— At ? Eboli. near
here, a peasant -. woman -,- named Lucia i Mirra
decapitated > her :? 16-year-old r- daughter. The
woman's motive was. Jealousy, and she did. not
display the {least < regret" for her^ act when' ar
rested.; ¦ ' ,: :.'- '¦'. r-' ', :>: . ¦ ¦, ' . ; ':
t Weddins cake boxes, weddlnf «tatlonery. Ed
ward S: Knowle*. 24 Second it.;: Main, 698.' •
ALBUQUERQUE; N. >M., Dec: 5 —
John Spies,? aged 30. Willed Lena'Per
kins// a ; schoolgirl , aged I ' 1 5, with a
¦.dagger ,"af,Wihslow, a small town west
of ; this, , city, - and then , took his own
life 'with, the; same weapon; , Jealousy
was; the: motive. i'v -\ .,."-".-
Jealous Lover Kills Schoolgirl.
"-.The great pagoda, "Shwe Dagon." in
Rangoon, Burma, has been recently re
glided with heavy'gold plates at a cost
of more than £200,000.
The Philadelphia Fire Underwriters' Asso
ciation hasr. Issued . the-, foUowing notice.. .to
which we beg " to call the attention of mer
chants, and property-owner! :
"To the Public: The Executive Committee
feels compelled to . call the attention of the
public to the dangers to lifeand property from
Christmas displays, decorations sign*, etc.,
in churches,- public buildings, mercantile es
tablishments and especially; department , stores.
The rse ¦ of Christmas greerm, harvest speci
mens and other Inflammable materials, such as
scenery, cotton to represent snow and the like
(especially in connection • with - electric and
other lighting systems) is decidedly an increase
of - hazard, * it being impossible to make dis
plays of that nature perfectly safe. One of
the conditions of, the Insurance "policy Is that:
" " 'This entire policy, unless otherwise pro
vided I by agreement Indorsed • hereon or added
hereto, shall be void If the hazard be in
creased by any means within the control or
knowledge of the insured. 1 ; - •"" .
"Themaking of such displays would, there
fore, under a strict Interpretation of the con
ditions of the policy, ; render the contract of
Insurance void unless * the :: policy Is Indorsed
with- a • special -permission -for the Increased
hazard, which will generally • be granted only
In consideration of an additional premium com
mensurate with the hazard.'
In • addition to the danger to " the property
from displays, referred to, -the danger to 'life
in crowded stores or places of meeting by rea
son of a panic occasioned by a fire, even
though It- be small and; easily .'controlled, Is
to great that, the Underwriters, who have
made a study of*mich hazards, would only be
partly fulfilling, their duty should they fail to
Sl BOARD 'or'FmB UNDERWRITERS OF
rptrp PACIFIC " * "' '' •" ' "' ' " "^ *"
- v By H. N. LLOTD. Manager District, A.
Nflte— Where any change Is required in elec
trical equipments to be used in connection with
decoration, notice should ; be - given s the Chief
of the Department of Electricity and a permit
pecured therefor, - as required by section 2 of
order No.: 267- (second series) of the San Fran
cisco : Fire ' Ordinance, ' readtag ; ' ; . ; •;¦
"tl»on the completion of ,the wirings of .any
bullaing. It ihallbe the duty of the corpora
tion J copartnership: or Individual: doing : the
eame l to notify . the : Superintenden,t . of FJre
Alarm and Police Telegraph, or .the Chief of
Department ; of Electricity, i.who shall at once
inspect ; the same, i and, ; if , approved , by , him.
shall issue a certificate pf satisfactory inspec
tion, which > shall contain the date of such.in
spection and : an outline of the result of such
examination ; 3 nor . shall- current _ be ; turned on
such installation • until said ; certificate be Is
sued : nor shall any, change, > alteration or ; ex
tension be , made in c the . wiring of any build -
Ing, after, inspection without notifying the said
Superintendent ¦ or. Chief ( and ¦ securing a permit
therefor." ' _,-••'. ,¦" :.-••/
San Francisco, 1 . December 2. 1003.
Danger From Christmas Displays and
Decorations.
The Willing: "Workers* Circle of King's
Daughters of Simpson Memorial
Church will hold a "fancy handker
chief ami calendar sale" at the resi
dence of Bishop and Mrs. Hamilton,
4S5 Buchanan street,- Friday evening,
December 11. Beautifully designed lace
handkerchiefs wjjl be eent from every
State for tlie sal*.
To Sell Fancy Handkerchiefs.
No charge Cor lettering your name in
gold on pocketbooks, card cases, cameras,
traveling sets, trunks, valises, dress suit
capes cr any other fine leather goods pur
chased at our store. Sanborn, Vail & Co.*
Rev. William Kirk Guthrie, pastor of
the First Presbyterian Church, de
livered an interesting eermon last
night. His subject was "The Future
Life, Babylonian and Assyrian Beliefs."
The sermon was one of a series to be
given on "The Future Life." Dr.
Guthrie intends going over the beliefs
of all the different races. The sermon
was largely attended.
Talks on "Future Life.".
Scientists say there isn't much differ
ence between coal and diamonds, both
being pure carbon. Perhaps that is why
gas ranges are so popular. They burn
gas. which is not so expensive. We sell
them. S. F. Gas and Elec. Co., 415 Post. *
Orders were. Issued by the Admiralty
November 14 for the construction of
three battle-ships of the King Edward
VII type. One, named Hibernia, is to
be built at Devonport, where a' new ship
has Just been completed at a cost of
$750,000. The Africa, allotted to Ports
mouth, cannot be started until the bat
tle-ship New Zealand is launched next
month, and the Britannia is to be built
There were cries of "No, no!" when
this heresy was uttered, and although
Janes explained and reiterated that he
did not intend to belittle Nelson and his
deeds, but meant that the keynote
should be, "Down with yesterday, up
wixh to-day and to-morrow," the
members as a whole failed to grasp his
meaning and his speech was not entire
ly concluded.
The British Navy League -held a
meeting October 21 at which F. T. Janes,
the best all-around^ naval critic in
England, made some remarks that
rather staggered his hearers and were
not kindly received. Mr. Janes only.re
cently joined the league in order, as
he explained, to express his views on
what he considered its faults. He
thought the Navy League had too much
Nelson, and related a conversation he
had overheard aboard ship between
two bluejackets, one of them saying:
"What is this: 'England expects that
every man this day . will do his
duty* ?"
/ "That is what Nelson said."
"Oh, blow Nelson!" retorted the other
sailor. "We live to-day, not yesterday."
.One hundred and .three seamen 'have
been recruited 'at Halif ax "¦ t ofrthe^Brit-'
ish Naval Reserve. .; The men 'are ; en
gaged at the fishery . during ? the", sum -i
mer and have signed 'for/ service in* the
navy for a period of six months at full
pay. . They will return to" their- houses!
next ; spring to .'attend ; to their;; own
work, drawing reduced pay and"retaln-|
ing their membership in 'the, Naval '• Re- f
serve. The . new recruits .while they;
have not the smart appearance 'of the^
trained men of " the navy, are { hardy,
seamen and good material.' The new-'
comers are placed on • board the . cruis
ers Charybdis and ; Ariadne, attache'd
to the . North Atlantic I squadron. ¦'•
, A serious accident .was narrowly
averted in the French navy recently.*
The armored cruiser, kleber-while'on
her steam trial off Cherbourg was at
tacked" by, the^ submarine* boat '"Al
gerine. The cruiser put on a spurt
after' the ; submarine, , which "did . riot
sink quickly enough, and (was ; struck
by the [ propellers of, the^Klebef." The
Algerine, however, : came ! to Vthe \sur
face uninjured,- except^ trie, railing- on
deck, which ' had been carried; away,'
while the cruiser's" -propeller^/shaft
had become , twisted ; and ; the'ehip^had
to ' be : docked . for ' repairs. ; ; The • fact
that the * shaft - could ) get
get '.out "of < line : by. : coming in t contact
The admiralty announces that a. sys
tem of short service for chaplains is to
be adopted in the navy- Under -this
scheme a chaplain will be able- to re
tire from the service. after completing
six, eight, ten, twelve or sixteen years,
receiving a gratuity of from $2500. to
$8000, according to his length, of serv
ice. This regulation applies to chap
lains now in the navy. -Hitherto.' the
retired pay ranged from $1640* to"$2460,!
according to length 1 of service of ffour
to over eleven years, but .under the new
scheme the lump sum in gratuity.- set- 1
tlesfor one and all'.the' claims'" of 'the^
chaplains on' the "Government.- V*.r •
Lieutenant J. S. S. Penrose," attached
to the cruiser Spartan, has been court-',
martlaled for- drunkenness .while : ; on
duty ,and sentenced to ( six "months'; loss
of seniority, severe'reprimandjandfdls-]
missal from his ship. : .When"piaced!un-.
der arrest he jumped overboard 'and'
narrowly ¦ escaped .' drowning. ;. 4 His ex
cuse before the court was* that- he .had
been to a dentist's 4 and "that- the'. pain,
anesthetic and a small quantity io£
whisky was responsible for his condi
tion. , .-.'¦•¦ - . Vw ' "¦'
Commandants in British dockyards,
or, as they are designated,- admiral su
perintendents, are, allowed greater dis
cretion and responsibility than similar
officials in the United States navy
yards. There is a rule in British dock
yards which lays down that the annual
wages shall.be apportioned into fifty
two equal parts and expended exactly
each week, whether the yard has
much or little work to do, i,and this
rule, of course, militates Seriously
against the efficiency and output of .the
yard. Admiral Henderson of the Dev/
onpbrt dockyard, is evidently j a thor
ough business man and a wide-awake
administrator, for he has discarded this
absurd rule and spends the money with
due regard to the exigencies of the
service, which lately, enabled, him to
prepare for sea. six battle-ships and
cruisers in six weeks, well within the
specified limit of time and cost. The
proper distribution of expenditure; of. a
lump sum over a period of fifty-two
weeks involves some labor and requires
good judgment on the part of ; the ; of
ficial in charge, while an evenly dis
tributed outlay, for .each week, reduces
the superintendent's responsibility ma
terially. ">>i '¦ ' v :
The destroyer Shark has again met
»-ith a serious accident. She [Was one
of the vessels to meet the King and
Queen of Italy 'on their recent visit to
England, and while maneuvering in
the Channel a burst of steam was.ob
served to come from one of her .fun-,
nels. No- particular notice was. t paid
to this at the time, but; when the-de
stroyer was examined in Stokes Bay at
eight it was found -that the "face of
one of the high pressure cylinders had
cracked completely across. There: had
been a marvelous escape from a disas
trous explosion, \ for had the cylinder
not held together it is probable'that;all
in the engine room would have -.been
killed. The .vessel was. at ohce" ; taken
to a dockyard to undergo repairs :that
will require a month's time.' .*/
SEBVICE FOR CHAPLAINS. *
at Chatham. The new .ships are 'of
16,350 tons, 18,000' -horsepower and
eighteen knots speed, carrying'batte
rles of four 12-inch, four 9.2-lnch, ten
6-inch and twenty-two smaller* guns,
and the cost of each ship. ready: for..sea
Is about $7,230,000. . X v. 'f'-^
The Naval Board on the boilers of
the! Maine expresses, the opinion that
the Niclausse boilers are fully equal to
the work they are designed to do, and
see/ no reason why they should not
continue to do . this wqrk, provided
they are .given the care" necessary for
the efficiency of any water-tube boiler.
This and offter" boilers of the water
tube type, the board concludes, calls
for. more brain work, and at the same
time ; less physical effort, on the part
of the firemen, j
with such a trivial obstruction as the
handrail / of the submarine \ boat Is
somewhat difficult to believe, and
other more .reasonable explanations
may be expected in the official "report.
But. the submarine ap& its gallant
crew had evidently a narrow escape. .
SHIPS WITHOUT TORPEDOES.
In the designs made in 1^99-1900
of six battle-ships and six armored
cruisers provision was made for two
submerged torpedo-tubes and their
requisite complement and outfit for N
each ship, but when Chief Constructor
Hichborn was retired in 1901, having
reached , the age limit, his successor
caused the torpedo arrangement to be
eliminated. As a consequence these
twelve ships and four battle-ships and
armored \ cruisers subsequently de
signed are without torpedoes and
must 'depend solely upon their guns
for attack and defense. There Is not
an armored ship nor' protected cruiser
in any other navy that has not from
six to two torpedo-tubes, and while
expert opinion may differ as to the ad
visability ; of above-water tubes there
can be no question about the import
ance of submerged tubes. It appears,
however, that the Board of Construc
tion quite recently realized the notable
deficiency in our ships and- in the de
sign of the two 13,000-ton battle-ships
two submerged torpedo-tubes are pro
vided for, and it is further contem
plated to again introduce them in the
sixteen ships now under construction.
In - this* interval, ¦ from the time the
contracts were let up to the present
time" new plans have been made as a
result of the removal of the torpedo
tubes, arid these,- together with such
work as the contractor may have per
formed, will again have to be changed,
involving great cost, loss of time and
confusion. It is such indefinite ac
tion on the part of the Navy Depart
ment, that causes much of the delay in
the completion of ships for which the
contractor is unjustly charged.
TURRET SHIP BRAUNSCHWEIG. ONE OF GERMANY'S FORMIDABLE ARMORED ' WAR ' CRAFT. SHE IS OF
13,200 TONS AND 16,000 HORSEPOWER. HER ARMAMENT -CONSISTS OF. FOUR 11-IN., FOURTEEN 6.7
IN., TWELVE 3.4 INl AND TWENTY SMALLER GUNS, AND FIVE SUBMERGED TORPEDO TUBES.
noon.
Lehmann and Edward Sellon, the
last named IS years of age and living
at 1641 Taylor street, hired a boat on
Saturday night to go duck hunting.
They rowed to near the Six Mile
House and Lehmann was putting out
the decoy when his shotgun, which
xras lying on the bottom of the boat,
was accidentally discharged, and the
contents lodged in his left leg' below
the knee, badly shattering the bones.
Sellon rowed the boat ashore, ran
to the milk ranch of Joseph Roberts,
¦which was close to the shore, and
notified him of the accident to his
boy friend. Roberts quickly hitched
a horse to a light wagon and drove
rapidly with the wounded boy and
his friend to the South San Francisco
Police Station. There the ' Southern
Police Station m-as informed by tele
phone of the accident and the patrol
wagon was sent to take the boy to the
Central Emergency Hospital.
The wounded boy had been suffer
ing great pain and loss of blood, and
when he reached the hospital he was
very weak. His parents were ap
prised of the accident, and later they
had him removed to the German Hos
pital, where he died yesterday after
noon and the Morgue officials were
notified. At the request of the boy's
father the body was sent to an under
taking establishment.
Carl Lrehraann. an electrical appren
tice, 17 years of age, who lived at
1437 Pine street, was accidentally
shot while in a boat near the Six
Mile House shortly after midnight
yesterday morning: ; and died at the
Germany Hospital yesterday after-
Many of ,the: small restaurants
will not close. T"he proprietors of the
various Italian restaurants .in the
downtown districts- all attended the
meeting and, while they are not mem
bers " of the association, still > they all
agreed to close, their places of business.
It is hard to say just how many res
taurants-will close their doors, as not
one-half of the owners Delons ; to the
association. Nevertheless, their sym
pathies are with the association, and 4n
all probability many of them- will not
open for business this morning. -V;
"He rang me up on Saturday and*
asked me about, the situation and I
told him how matters, stood. I also
added -that it was too late then to do
anything' in-the matter, as the agree
ment had been broken when the crew of
an Eddy-street restaurant had been
called; out. He; was to act at the ar
batrator, but he can do nothing now,
and the battle will have to be fought
out between the cooks and waiters arid
the assocfatlonl" ..'-/'.'
The cooks and waiters were all re
ticent regarding - the approaching
strike. At the headquarters : of each
union silence prevailed, and the heads
of the two unions > stated that they
would simply wait till some time in
thenear future before doing anything
to adiiist the difficulty.
Chairman Johnson of the Rtstaurant
keepers' Association said last night that
the ¦ restaurant men intended to fight
the union to a finish now that the,
agreement was broken. "They have
broken faith," said Johnson, "and they
will have to stand the consequences.
We have done all-in our power to set
tle the difficulty, but without result, so
the" matter 'will have to take its course.
"I do^not know when we, will open up
for business again, but we will prob
ably decide that at a meeting . which
will be held this afternoon. I tried to
communicate with Mayor Schmitz
when the. trouble first arose last Fri
day, but was not successful.
' MAYOR IS HELPLESS.
FIGHT TO A: FINISH.
The various eating-houses through
out the ' city that belong to the Res
taurant-Keepers' Association did not
close last night, as it was ex
pected.they would, but when the hun
gry man tries to secure his breakfast
in one of them this morning; he will
be forced to turn away without appeas
ing his appetite" or else beg a "hand
out" from some kind housewife, for the
association decided yesterday _ after
noon that they would not open their
dining-rooms this morning. ¦
-¦Just how many of the eating-houses
will close is not known, but it can
safely 'be said that more" than 100, and
possibly twice that will obey
the order of r the association. When
the restaurants do open up they, ?ill
do_ so as "open houses," or in other
words they will employ union or non
union help, as they see fit.
The restaurant men held a "> secret
session yesterday afternoon, which
lasted for two hours, and .when it came
to an end Chairman Johnson said the
members had agreed not to open this
morning.^ This will include the large
French restaurants, as they all belong
to the association, ; with the exception
of three, and the proprietors of . these
places have agreed to . take the same
stand as the association.
Gun Accidentally Discharged
and Contents Lodge
in Leg.
Chairman Johnson Says Mat
ter Hav Gone Beyond
Arbitration.
Carl Lehmann, a Boy, Is
Wounded While in
¦¦yl, a Boat.
Restaurant Men Will
Nqt^ield to Wait
ers' Demands.
FATALLY SHOT
WHILE HUNTING
EATING HOUSES
CLOSE TO-DAY
"TOO MUCH NELSON" IS THE THEME
THAT SHOCKS BRITISH-NAVY LEAGUE
During a Discourse on the 'Faults, of^the;0rganJzat!6n-Gritic
Janes Declares That There IsToo Great a Tendency to
Hark Back:to the Era of England's Sea Fighter
THE SAN FRANCISCO^ CALL, MONDAY & DECEMBER 7, 1903
12
A^V13,toE^NTS.
speoal OrL»vl/iLi special:
If you need groceries, come to this t>ir grocery to-day and get what you . need at
tbfse very special prices. W« give creen trading ttampt on every article j_^ -n _ n j.,_ m _ rLr> -
10 lb» Pure C«_n» Granulated Pupar. on orders 1*I.<»O ! 1fik+Jlc&iM s
2 tz,'.\<i car* of IV-st <^aliJorr.i a Flojr. 50 :b» fl.l,*V; K>0 lbs $Z.:» 5i?^*«jS| )
:>.<< cases < "orn Starcli, 2 pkSM 1 .%«• £S ITlSfiS \
25 bbl« Purr Buclrw-hfat, 6 IbF U5c ' \
>¦ !h* Ffigo or Tapir>ca or iWrl Barley 'ZTtv. K^Slmi^S >
S<V> r,O-lb f k« Talie Salt .VK> i I'diIJta S
10-ih «k5 Bfrt Flour or Yellow or White Cornmeal a."«» «5^5§8j I
r.T> r\,s Pmsll White Ka\->- Bean*. C lbs 23c; Bayo lJean*. 6 lbs ::.¦%<• V&ttgSisrU \
10 lbs Helled Oats or United Wheat ir.'.r- iffSTWTWgiiH I
1 eoltd car Eastern and California name, are 8 to 12 ave., per lb OV4c Vn^««~~~^>*'
t. larre jkys. Tip Top Oats ..25e I^arge White Fresh Ergs, doz.. ......... .a&e
Jjtrgc bar« Lenox Soap, IS for ROc Imp. Sardines. 3 for 25c; doz. . . . . . v..-.. .JM>c
S 15c cans Corn ..2t5c Cracked Wheat or Graham Flour, sack.. 33c
« cans Eastern Pea* .....45c Box Fancy Burbank Potatoes. ..7»">c
5 lb». Good Coffee 6Oe NMce Large Oranges, doz ...25c
2% lbs. M. &. J. Coffee.. .. M BOc Cape Cod.Cranbeniea.-qt. ....*. .'.;:.':;. .lOc
4-lb. can M. & J. Coffee 75c Pure Olive Oil.- pte.,-35c; qts.. C5c;-half- •
T.'.c \-»iue Gunpowder Tea 4Oe pallon. $125; gal ..$2 25
75e %-alue Ceylon Tea - 4Oc Pure Salad Oil. pts., 10c; qts., .20c; Eal. .75c
75c x-alu» Splderleg- Japan Tea .4Oc 4 10c cans Pure Spices..' ..'.......BOc
'75c value Oolons Tea, lb 4Pc 3 5e sacks Salt lOc
75c value English Breakfast Tea. 4Oc $1 00 bot. Leraon or Vanilla Extract'..... OOc
Any of the above Teas. 5 lbs 91 75 cr>c bot. Lemon or Vanilla Extract 35c
1 5 lbs. Nice German Prunes 25c AH kinds Cxi eese, to Jan . .'. .1 .'..*. '.". .\ ;".'.. UOo'
8 lbs. Xlce French Prunes 25c Anchovy Paste. Jar ........'. .......'ZOc
Larpe box French Prunes, fancy fl CO Glass Jar Lunch Herrtns;....: .....2Oc
11 lbs. Cracked Rice SOc Large glass Jar Salted Peanuts./. 2Oc
7 lbs. Ixmir Grain Rice SOc 3 3-lb. cans Table Apricots. .V. .......... SOc
15 lbs. very Fancy Rice 91 OO 3 8-Ib. cans Table Pears. .....;. .3Oc
7 pkgs. Cleaned Currants KOe 3 3-lb. cans Table Peaches............ '..3Oc
3 1-lb. pkss. Seeded Raisins 25e Finest Citron, per lb ...15c
3 large glasses Jellies, Jams or Pre- C Crown Cluster Raisins, /box. ........ ..BOc
eerveG, fln»sfeoods 25e Maple Syrup, qts.. 25c; half-gal., 45c; ¦
All Canned Creams. 3 for Sic; dor 05c gal J....J. 75c
Ftnett N. O. Molasses, qts.. 25c; half 15 bars Nice Toilet Soap .25c
jraJ., 45c; gal..'. 75c S large Bloaters , 25c
Llmburser Cheese „ 3Oc Candles, per box ..V..:. ....... ...91 15
2-lb. pkg. Aesorted Cakes 35c SOc pkR. Malted Milk .................. .35c
Parlor Brooms, 25c, 35c anl 4Oc Solid Packed Tomatoes, gal.. .......... ..tOc
All California Bwrs. per doz ...»1 IO 2-qt. bottle Chow Chow. ..............;.. 45c
5-gal. Jacket Pure Maple Syrup ,...$3 OO 25c box Toilet Soap.... ...*.. ......... .v.15c
40c box Toilet Soap ....' .2Oc 20c bottle Mixed Pickles.. ............ ...lOc
20-lb. pail Pure Jelly 91 OO Large bottle Queen Olives ........25c
50c bottle Curry Powder 25c 3 3-lb. cans Hominy ........25c
S 3-lb. cans Hulled Corn 25e C pkgs. Toilet Paper ..25c
SOc can Asparagus 2Oc ¦
Best Butter made In this State from the six largest creameries arrive dally; ' 2 «qs.,
S5c You know what the corner store asks — 60c and 65c per eq. - ,
65 cases 1-lb. cans Finest Pork and Beans, can, 5c; doz....'....: ..'.55c
50 f?^- 8 - ?'_*¦]•_ f 81 " Bogto P Finest Baked ¦ Beans, 3 cans. 25c;. doz..... .yrf........O5c
Blaekberry Brandy, gal .....g2 OO $1 bottle Jamaica Rum ...'... .....^....eOc
$5 Scotch Whisky 92 6O $1 bottle Peach BrandyT .....5Oc
Old Forester Gin^gal 91 «5 %\ 25 bottle Stomach Bitters............ 75o
*l bottle College Club Whisky 50e 25c bottle Claret ........'...:..... ,;l5c
75c Claret, gal... •-• 3 5c 0-year-old McBrayer Whieky. bottle..... OOc
Old Tom Gin. gal.^... ..92 25 35c bottle Port or Sherry ;.2Oc
SI 25 bottle Malt Whisky.. V;. 50^ $1 bottle • Silver Crescent Whisky ....;-.. .«Oc
R-year-old Brandy, gal...^.... 8J OO Absinthe, per bottle. ...... ......ROc
$3 to $4 Bourbon or Rye Whisky #2 15 $1 bottle Old Brandy... ................ KOe
«5 Irish Whisky, gal f 2 CO Jl Fine Old Gin ; ..50c
Imp. Jamaica Rum, *a\ 92 75 $1 25 bottle Vermouth.... ..•.......;...¦.. BOc
Imp. Vermouth, «aJ ...91 SO Quart bottle Whisky Cocktails *...'. SOc
Old Apricot Brandy, ral 92 OO $1 10 Apricot Brandy :..;......'.'.. 60c
ft-year-^ld Maryland Rye. gal 91 «•"» 9-year-old Old Crow. ;........ v..:.;.\r OOe
Old Kentucky Whisky, gal 91 «"<5 $1 25 full quart Fernet........ OOc
tl 50 Port or Fherry ...«5e $1 bottle Rock and Rye...... .....; BOc
Old Peach Brandy ......92 4O $1 23 O. P. S. Whisky, bottle. ...... OOc
fl 60 Angelica. Wine, gal: OO«? $5 to J6 Bourbon or Rye Whisky...... S3 OO
7-year-old Baltimore Bourbon, gal £1 75 $4 to .«5 Bourbon or Rye Whisky... ;.\ 92 5O
Imp. Holland Gin, gal......'.... .9* BO fl 25 bottle Irish or Scotch .Whisky... i.COc
We deliver goods free to all parts of the city and, suburbs and' surrounding towns
*nth!ri 100 miles. -. sHMHIBM^bWBIPI'^ ¦.¦¦-.¦¦. ... .
10*9 Market ct., bet. SJxlh and Seventh, opp. Jones or Hibernia Bank. Phone south 834
go, :;!
CHRISTHAS
Tree Ornaments j
Bon-bonniere toys i
California Wines
Stored in New York-direct
delivery to your friends and
relatives — appropriate present
for Christmas from California.
Assorted cases — Our own bottling.
No. -i — A fine v assortment
One bottle each Angelica, Muscatel,
i Madeira, Sherry, Port, Burgundy,
Riesling, Gutedel, Sauternes, P. S.
Glaret, Malaga, Brandy
12 quart bottles. $6 oo
also , .
VISTA DEL VALLE
Claret— Sauterne— full
assortment
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Ferris Bacon . 22c
! Delicate as chicken — reg'ly 24c lb
Coffee— Guatemala 20<^
Good;strength— 5 lbs 90C
good^flavor— reg'ly' 25c lb
CoCOa— Van Houten 80C
Made in Holland — regTy 95c Ib
Finnan Haddies
FigS— Smyrna / . i , 20C
Choice Layers — reg'ly 25c lb
Chutney— Bombay pt 30C
Rastamjee Bhickajee — qt 50C
reg'ly 40c— 60c
,; "Same brand we have sold for 30 years
Bouillon Capsules 25c
Anker-celery flavor — j
reg'ly 30c box of ten
Franco-American food basket $1
Co.COanut— Schepps 22% C
Fresh flavor— reg'ly 30c lb
Milwaukee hams-slice thin--eat raw
Borax SOap— Snowflake
White— lots of lather— 7 ior 25C
reg'ly 5c cake • • ¦ \
Pickle relish— Sweet #pts isc
Old Virginia— homemade— • pts 30C
reg'ly 20c— 35c bottle
Buckwheat— Hot cakes 6SC
Pennsylvania— reg'ly 75c 10 lbs
French dessert pru n e s— f a t
bloater mackerel — G e rman
sa lad po ta t o e s— ex t r a
mammoth; walnuts
Formosa Oolong tea
Superbly, choicest j silver-tipped—
very finest tea-imported— suggestion
for Christmas gift— i lb canister $3
Candy-reg'ly 25c lb 15C
•^rPeariuttbar— molaises— fresh— good ,^
BQWEN
BON BONS
Face Cream— Curosa 15c
Rose and Cucumber — reg'ly 20c bottle
Castile SOap— French 25C -
Lots of white oily lather — reg'ly 30c bar
Nickelware
Bath accessories Tea pots
Chafing dishes , Ccff je pots
Baking dishes Tea trays
Crumb trays Bread boats
Candle sticks S o'clock teas
Salad bowls Caning sets
Christmas will soon be here
Liquor Department
Riesling— jV*. Vineyard 65C
Fruity white wine — reg'ly $1 gallon
Whisky— Old mellow rye 75C
Gooa for colds £3
reg'ly $1 bottle— $4 gallon
Cognac— 5. o. 75c
French brandy — $3
reg'ly $1 bottle— $4 gallon
Beer— Everard pts $1.35
Canada A\alt Lager — qts *2.10
reg'ly $1.55 — $2.35 doz .
"Sweet wines— imported 75c
Port, Sherry, Madeira $j
reg'ly $1 bottle— $4 gallon f
Claret— V. Zinfandel pts $1.5<*
Good table wine — qts 2.25
Reg'ly $1 .6S—$2.35 dozen
Allowance for empty bottles — pts 30c . •
— qts 50c dozen < jg^
Gift cabinet free
Assortment of finest wines
and liquors packed in polished
ash cabinet with lock and key,
vithout extVa charge.
CIGARS
Cigars ¦ give ' genuine pleasure.
Most men smoke. We know the
kind many fancy.
T. e stock is complete — prices low.
Flor del Fumar Punch
Partagas Romeo y Julieta
Tele'grafo Mundo
Humidors
- Elegant natural wood cabinets to preserve
the good qualities of Cj ca. ? A tf i -
our fine cigars #3.5t>. tO #3:>
43STPINE 232 SUTTER
2819 California Sa n Frandaco
13th I and Clay Streets Oakland
, . — . — ¦ —
T^.T^VJti.T 6. and G. Boots and Shoes.
l\i I i I Tl Warranted waterproof. For
1 >> A 1 Hunters, Siirveyom, Mln-
., . w t ¦* ers - * tc - Send for catalog.
AOUA SHREVES. BARBER CO.
•**¦ V{ %>J 739 Market : St.- 8. T. .
; __ ; . . ,
IA/. X. HESS.
« Notary PnbUo aai Attora97-*t-l.»w.
, Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus Spreck«L» bide.
• Telephone Mala 883. •
Rei Idecce. 821 . Calif orMa it., below yo-wtH.
. Rttidecc* Xciepbca* James 1301k
. ¦¦¦ ADVERTTSETVreirrS.
¦¦¦¦'*¦ a m m a . m * t mm «k ¦
PSoecial Values in IADSES' and GENTS'
LINEN and SILK . -
xxaridkerehiefs
FOR THE HOLIDAY TRADE
Ladies' Linen Cambric and Sheer Linen Initialed
Handkerchiefs; cniar ter- Inch hem—
$1.00, $1.50, $2.25 and $3.00 box
i (Half Dozen in Box.)
Gents' "Linen Cambric Initialed Handkerchiefs;
half-inch hem— ' $i.50,-$2 40 and $3.00 box
(Half Dozen In Box.)
Lailes' Linen. Cambric and , Linen Lawn Hem-
stitched Handkerchiefs, % and X A inch hem—
$1.00, SI 50, $2.25, $3.00 up to $9.00 dozen
Gents' Linen Cambric Hemstitched Handkerchiefs,
In #, % anl 1 inch hem—
$1.75, $2.40, $3.00 up to $9.00 dozen
Ladies' Hemstitched and Embroidered Sheer Linen
Handkerchiefs—
15c, 25c, 50c, 75c. $1.00 up to $5.00 each
Ladles' LaGe Trimmed Linen Lawn Handkerchiefs—
25c, 50c, 75c up to $1.50 each
Ladles' Real Duchesse Lace Handkerchiefs—
$1.25, $1.75, $2.50 up to $25.00 each
Ladles' Hemstitched and Embroidered Linen Lawn
Handkerchiefs; put up In fancu boxes, half dozen
In each— $1.50 and $3.00 box
Gsnts' Japanese Silk Handkerchiefs, with handsome
embroidered initials— 40c, 50e, 75c and $1.00 each
Children's Plain and initialed Handkerchiefs, In
fancu boxes— 25c, 30c and 50c each
Full line of Gents' Silk Mufflers and Reefers,
Fancy Neckwear, Umbrellas and Kid Gloves.
M C\ T* T? T Orders by mall receive prompt attention.
1 M V_/ 1 SZt ¦ Al! orders for samples or goods filled
uMammrzaamBmaea and shipped same day they are received.
U1.J13, 115, 117, 1191 121 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BEAUTIFll^
KODAK PICTURES
Are only beautiful when " they 1 are
, properly developed and : printed.:, I
.make- a business ¦ of doing s this ¦ work,
and <. I • do . it ; at ; prices i that ¦- are way
-down.' T . ;. ¦¦; :
i > '; Here ; area' few. figures : ,
'-.. > , - : Developing:: " -
V Roll of six;... .". ..'. .100..
"¦ -Rollof twelve....... ....15o
".¦'¦¦•• •¦•'• ; 'Printing:'
. • Solip finish. . ;-.-.- .... .3o to 5e
,-, Velox finish....... ..3cto 60
•a >< Mail : orders • promptly filled. ;
man Pitts
F. 'W.- PITTS," the Stationer.
1008 Market Street
Above Powell, San ,. Francisco. .
-^^ * .•*- ' '¦ --¦. '¦¦- '•--¦ . '
'BSiUilmEsia