PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ARMING TURKS AND BULGARIANS
AWAIT SUDDEN SIGNALS FOR WAR
¦ \Xf^R between.. Turkey and Bulgaria appears now -tobe -inevitable/ The temper of th€ opposing peoples has gradually assumed
'¦¥.1? 'a'mqre 4 intens£<ind alarming aspect, "until a single spdfk might, easily- set ablaze, the bloodthirsty passions of_ the thousands of
:.'¦:• . .: . men already in. the field,- ¦'•.'• A [formal declaration. of hostilities by either Side'is not-anticipated, but- it is not essential. The seri
dits'cpndiiioM that exist- in \ the Balkans can of- '.themselves 'force the combat: Meanwhile jnjis'sacre' is bing done and towns are being de
stroyed.'•The';JJn{tcd, :$fates{w^ '¦' "--V * •
.£*« A^ON-ICA, Aug. 31. — The
.•J i Turks have, occupied Klis
sura, .Albania, without re
sistance. '?_ A number oi Bulgarian
villages in its vicinity were burned.
Inspector -General Hilma Pasha
rece'ntly sent a commission, com
posed of five Christians and five
Turks; to offer amnesty to the in
'surgents on condition that they lay.
down their arms before the festivi
ties to-morrow in honor of the
Sultan's coronation.
The revolutioa has become gen
eral at Yenidje and Caza, twenty
five miles' from Salonica, and is
spreading to Gherkhli arid Tikh
vesh, -sixty-five miles from Sa
lonica. . _V ' ";£;.
. Sarafoff, the revolutionary
leader, tias ; arrived in the neigh
borhood of Salonica for the pur
pose of directing the movements
in this district. Some Turkish of
ficers on August ""29 sold fifteen
cases of Martini rifles and a quan
tity of. ammunition to Bulgarians.
LONDON, Sept. .1. — The!
Times, correspondent at Sofia
hears that the rising in Northern
Macedonia was to be proclaimed
last night. Prince Ferdinand, he
says, had a long interview at Con
stanza with the Roumanian Pre
mier,' Sturdza; yesterday before
embarking on the Bulgarian gun
boat at Kustenji for Burgas.
SOFIA, Aug. 3 1. —The non
arrival here of Prince Ferdinand
and the mystery surrounding his
movements, although character
istic, he always having maintained
similar reticence and independ
ence ." regarding. . his movements,
, causes anxiety here. _, i
Sultan's Troops Burn
Several Villages in
Albania.
TURKISH SOLDIERS AND THEIR!
METHOD OF BATTLE IN TJIE*
• BALKAN* F-ASTXESSES. ' * ' ¦'.
Special DJs'patch to The Call.
'WASHINGTON, Aug. 31.—
A most important conference was
to-day "held between the Secre
tary Qf State and Mr. Darling, the
Acting Secretary .jol the Navy,
immediately after the departure
of the Turkish" Minister.- . It is
believed that *£nal orders to Rear
Admiral Cotton were formulated
arncl that the . Secretary- of the
Navy was 'requested to transmit
them to him.
It is admitted in diplomatic cir
cles that unless Turkey makes
the most abject apology and
gives the safest kind of guaran
tees lor indemnities the United
States warships will be obliged to
invest Turkish ports. The opinion
is changing from Beirut as the
p'roper place to • make the de
mands to Smyrna, a. more im
portant city. .
Officials of the Unjted States
Government believe that the only
substantial preventive of trouble
of .a serious kiocf which mav
sooner or v later involve the
United States in; war, not only
with Turkey «but with Turkey's
European friends', is the removal
of the Turkish capital beyond the
Bosphorus. ,
DIPLOMAT' SEES HAY.
Chekib Bey, the # Ttirkish Min
ister, had a long interview with
Secretary Hay. He refused to
discuss the interview, stating that
he had nothing to communicate
further than what appeared in the
dispatches yesterday morning. /
If the Turkish Minister 1 re
quested that * the European
squadron be kept away from
Turkish waters -his request prob
ably cannot be ° granted, even
should this Government 'desire to
accede to it, as the Navy Depart
ment states that, it will be im
possible to communicate with
the Brooklyn and San Francisco
until they arrive at- Beirut. •
Chekib Bey' assured Secretary
Hay that the Turkish Govern
ment-had done nathing wrong
and will -use every endeavor to
protect American citizens resid
ing in Turkey. He also discussed
the conditions of the insurrection
in Turkey and said that the Turk
ish Government was not respon
sible for any of the disasters that
had occurred.
Late dispatches from Minister
Leishman give in detail the condi
tions' in Turkey and do not differ
materially in tone from those pre
viously sent. Minister Leishman
does not, as reported in some
quarters, request the withdrawal
of the American ships from Turk
ish waters.
GENOA, Aug. 31.— The gun
boat Machias sailed hence for
Port Said Saturday evening. She
will coal there and .then proceed
for Beirut. The United States
cruisers Brooklyn and San Fran
cisco left for>Beirut Sunday after
noon
Our Vessels
Are N earing
Beirut.
Peril of Sul"
tan Is in
Delay. ;
Yankee Ships
May Close
Ports.
Prussian Church President Dead.
BERLIN, Aug. 3L— Dr. Barkhausen,
president -of the Prussian Evangelical
church, is dead. *
Russia and Japan Negotiate.
LONDON. Aug. 31.— The RussVJapa
nese negotiations, says the St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Daily Telegraph,
are making headway, and- there is no
doubt that they will soon be brought to
a satisfactory issue.
•"Minister Lopez Will Not Return.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 31.— Minister Lo
pez of Salvador, who is absent from this
city, has informed the State Department
that he will not return to" this country.
He expects to accept a place In the Govj
ernment office at Salvador..
Detectives Fail. to. Find Woods.
NEW YORK, Aug. 31.— Two mysterious
strangers^ believed to be Wes.Wrn detec
tives, kept Anthony Castella rio prisoner
for two hours in a room of the Conti
nental Hotel in* Newark. They wanted to
gain from him information of the location
of Dr. John Woods and his wife, men
tioned in connection w.ith the death of
Colonel Best at San Rafael. Castellano is
16 years old and is employed in -the office
of Frank M. McDermit, attorney for the
mlss}ne Wood's. The boy says he read
the words "Sheriff" and "California" on
-a badge. They made threats and offered
money, but the boy refused to give any
information. .
Gunboat Sherla Is All Right.
Vienna, • Aug. .31.— The report from
Cadiz, Spain, "yesterday that the Austrian
cruiser Zenter .(not the g'unboat
Sherla) -had Toundered off that port arose
from the fac^. that one of the boats of
the Zenter "foundered. The boat's, crew
were saved. ¦¦ ; >iX ¦¦ .
WASHINGTON. Aug. " 31. —Sir Cheng
called on Secretary Hay to-day and dis
cussed the Maochurian situation." The
Minister had no communication to pre
sent on the subject, but desired to' talk
over existing conditions with the Secre
tary. . • * - .- •
Oriental Diplomat Discusses the-Ex
isting Conditions With Sec-"
retary Hay.
MINISTER OF CHINA * -
TALKS OF MANCHURIA
Applies for Seinstatement
NEV YORK. Aug. SL-Formal applica
tion fcr reinstatement to the New York
Stock Exchange was made by Talbot J.
Taylor & Co., brokers, to-day. The firm,
of whica the son-in-law «of James R.
Keene it the senior -member, assigned 'In
July durngr the troubled stock mark-let.
•PHILALELPHIA, Aug. 3L-Rev. J. I.
J. McConnell, D. D., recording secreta/y
3f the board of church extension of the
Methodist Episcopal church, died to-day
tfter a protracted Illnesa/
Proaxinent Methodist Dies.
Kills Bride and Then Himself.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 3t— Wtth one of the
•bullets left in his revolver after the mut-'
"dcr of his bridfe, wh<5nr he had. secretly
married a month before. Frank F. Keevll,
'son of a wnell-known merchant,* ended his
own life, -to-day. He left no message of
sorrow er explanation..' " .
BANK CLERK SHOOTS • " :
' A WOMAN AND HIMSELF
Rejection of His Attentions. Thought
to Have Been Cause of
',;'*:;< Tragedy. • . .
RICHMOND. Va.. Aug. 31.— Herbert B.
Bates, a clerk of the First National
Bank, to-day shot and killed- Miss Rena
Gentry. He then shot and killed him
self. There were no ' witnesses to the
tragedy. It is said that she ha.d rejected
his attentions.
Servian Volunteers Afield.
BELGRADE, Servia, Aug.' 31.— Two
hundred well-armed volunteers, including
four officers, left here for Macedonia dur
ing the night
POSTPONES PILGRIMAGE .
TO AVOID CONFLICTS
R(3ME, Aug. 31.— : A French pilgrimage
was announced to. arrive in Rome on a
visit to the Pope about -September 20, on
which day the Italians celebrate the an
niversary of the taking of Rome and the
fall of the temporal pow.er."
Wishing to avoid conflicts .between the
pilgrims and the Romans", wnich might
easily happen. Pope Plus has difecte'd
that the pilgrimage be postponed.
"REBELS WIN VICTORIES
IN KWANGSI PROVINCE
"Under General "Luk Kin They Have
"Repeatedly Defeated the Gov- ' -
crnment Troops. •
"WASHINGTON. Aug. Sl.-Consul Mc
""{Vade at Canton, under date of July 24.
has sent to the State Department an ac
count of the insurrection in Kwangsi .pro
vince, from which it appears that la a
number of engagements the rebels de
feated the Government troops. The reb
els are reported ¦well armed " and "well
drilled. The insurgents are led by Luk
Kin, who was prominent when LI Hung
Chang ruled the empire. ¦".:_••:¦•-•;:• '
Ferdinand Sails for Burgas. ,
* KUSTENDJI, Roumanla, Aug. 3i.—
Prince Ferdinand of Bulgaria 'embarked
here at midnight on the Bulgarian gun
boat Nadiejda and sailed for Burgas,
Bulgaria. -. " V
HAGEXSSEN AXIi BIGHT.
Vice Consul Declares He Us "Fit as
; . .a Fiddle."
"FRANKLIN. Pa..' Aug." 31.— IVIaJor C. J."
S. : Miller of this 'city, an Intimate" friend
of United States .Vice Consul- Magels'sen,
cabledthe.Vice Consul as to h-is condition
after his escape from assassination. •' Ma
jor Miller received the following cable
gram to-day t rom Beirut:
. - "Fit as a 'fiddle. — Magelssen." *• . -
aCTSTEBIOITS DISEASE- '
AIAE3IS THE. CTOBAMTS
6trangeCombinatib.f of 'Fevers Makes
Its Appearance, in. Min- 4
• . • tag "Camps; '- •
NEW YORK. Aug. 31.— A terrible plague
manifests itself in Daiquiri, Province of
Santiago, and threatens* to become the
¦worst that has ever* ravaged' the island
of Cuba, The* disease first appeared
among the miners there '"and already the
Inhabitants are becoming panic stricken.
The disease presents the worst symptoms
of yellow fever, black -fever and spotted
fever and is most, terrifying in its aspect,
more horrible than bubonic n.la.gue and is
contagious. .'
After trying many* remedies the"lo.cal
physicians have fallen back to. the use
of quinine exclusively and trust to nature
to work a -cure. Few recover. -The
Vnited States Government has been fully
aware of the dangers of the plague.
"HAY MAKES DENIAL.
Secretary; Says That His Messages
• . ' '" Were 'Not. Offensive." ' •; •
• -WASHlNGTON.;..Auff. ZL-^-tn regard to
' the dispatches, fro'm Bogrpta stating that
the'rejection of the canal "treaty" "by Co
lombia .^a^ due-. to''th.e offensive tone of
the* notes' of Secretary of S.tate liay an'd
' Bea-upre, the Americsin. Minister, 'the
'.State -Department officials frankly admit
ted to-njght that they" had "tried to make
"it clear, to ICp'to'mbia that. -no amended
. treaty .would- be accepted in Waghington.
They denied, however, ' that tlvere had
'been srnything'fn the comniunication thajt
'should be termed. offensive or threatening.
•Secretary Hay, said that since the treaty
had been* before tfce Colomblan'.Congress*
his communications'.with Mr. Beaupre on
• the subject had been* necessarily limited.
He said, that- in ay .his 'di'snatches. -to the
•American Minister he had-^inslsted that ,
any chance .in the treaty -'made hy Co
lombia wo'u-ld- be fatal to an. exchange "of
ratifications. In what "manner -Mr. Beau
.pre communicated -this to the Colombian
ottcials Mr. Hay could not state, but thgjt
it was "regular and .altGgether courteous
he. had" no doubt. - " VV -' ¦.¦¦'
.SUSPECTEp MAN SAY&
HE ASSISTED ROBBERS
Chicago Fblice Get a Partial Confes
• sion . . About . Cat ' Barn
CHICAGO. Aug. 31. — Three- detectives
were sent to -Iowa to-night by Chief of
"Polioe O'Neil to search for tire robbers
and murderers who entered the, car Vjjvrn
last 'night. "information- has been re
ceived here that three men answering 1
th>e description of the ¦ robbers , were put.
off -a passenger train- near the Iowa and
Illinois • boundary • line early yesterday
•morning. The men were riding on th«
Wind baggage, an'd when "Ordered to
leave the" train threatened to. shodt the
conductor, saying that they had already
killed one" man during the night
' /The description pf these men corre
sponds with' the men aescribed lay Leu
de'r, one. of the suspects now held for
the crime. Leuder. it ?a said, has con
fessed that her was implicated in the
hold.-up. : He admitted to Chief O'Nell,
it! is said, th'at-he was watching for the
police •while His companions were lot>t
ing the .pfflce of tho street car company.
Louder says that the men are strangers
to him jand fhat he Is unable to give
th'eir- . names. According ' to • L,e.uder"s
story he was .to receive $1000 for his
pstrt iH the hqld-up. but he sa'ys that the"
robbers .'gave "him nothing. .The police"
are Inclined to doubt Leuder's confes-"
sion. . • • . .
Special Dispatch to The'CaJl.
TRINIDAD, B. W. I., Aug. 31.— Reports
frpm Caracas are to the effect that the
campaign against foreigners. in Venezuela
is .becoming more- severe- every day. Tho
official press" and the "local newspapers,
inspired • .by the Government, ar« daily
printing insulting remarks abp.ut- the arbi
tratlo'n commissioners, umpires, legations
and claimants against Venezuela without
distinction 'as regards, nationalities..
A schooner which . arrived "from Cludad
Bqlivar to-day reports that, ten days ago
the Venezuelan Government .was arFest
ing tvery foreigner who "refused to paj;
over, again taxes and licenses collected
By the revolutionary -authorities, who
were the. de facto governmerit ' tnpre for
fourteen' months. -• "
A German man of. war wis expected
at'Ciudad Bolivar at the time'.the scho'on
er.sailed, and its presence may have the
effect of forcing Castr.0 to r.etteve an in
toferable situation.'
Special Dispatch .to' The Call,
PANAilA,. Aug.* 31. — Dispatches "from
the* Herald's correspondent in Colon says
that advices haVe . been.* received there
from feogota vja Barmnquflla, dated 'Au
gust 1*4. They report that the 'Panama
canal treaty mcslb rejected by the Senate
because of the imperative nature of the
notes received^ from' Secretary o.f State
.'Hay and United States Minister BaupresV
These notes wer.e IreBarded .as offen
sive a,nd "considered highly humiliating
even By the Senators' who supported the
treaty without a'mencme.rits and w«jre
friendly to 'the. United States.t Un'def
the circumstances these friendly -Sena
tors considered It incuriibent iipon then)
to. vote unanimously Tor the rejection pf
the treaty in. order to maintain the dig
nity of the republic^ •'. • . . • - : .
Th'is action of the Senate was followed
by the .introduction of a .proppsition au :
thorlring the'Governme;it to negotiate- a- :
new treaty' with the* Uriitjd States in
which. the French canal company, should
b« left out of the consideration. -Tfie
main question "now discussed is ¦whether
the United States'' will.be "willing to-en
ter into new- negotiations -or' will pim
ply let the majter drop and take- up the
Nicaraguan route.- ' * ':* .^, : "c
Immediately after 'the treaty .was re
jected exchange went* up to 32.000 pe.r
cent discount. 'Se.natbrs Caro, Orplmea
and Pere Soto were heroes of the day
when ,lhs tniktc rejected the* treaty
withimifc a dissenting vote." " ¦'..''... ¦'¦
' Minfster Rico made '-an- eloquent
speech in defense of ' t;h.e " treaty and the
..course of the -Government,- .but without
•affecting the situation. .'"...' ••
"Only .dne- Of the Panama Senato.rs wai
present when the Senate took" action. He
was- Peice Soto, 'who. although born in
Panama, has always .been atvjay from
there. Senators- "Qbaldia a.nd Uricochea
were not on.'hand. •• • "
Exwdil Dispatch to Thjs CtU.
CARSON CITT. Nev., Aug. 31.— JCews'
wi received here at a late hour to-night" j
that Convict Theron and two.companibns.-J
**'ho are also believed t<? be escapes .from j
the Folsom penitentiary, have been cap- c
tured In the, mountains about twentj;-£ig;ht.
miles from Reno. While the 'exact loca
tion of the place of capture is .not known*
here, it is believed that "the' fleeing, fiejons
were run to earth in Plumas County,
California. " " -.-'•*•
Theron and his companions we caught
by H. E. Cornwall .and his two' neph'ews,
5'ouny men about .25 years of. age.. The
etory as tdld here is that the men were
suddenly surprised a'nd found themselves
looking down. the. muzzles of three* rifles
In the hands of "three men be
fore they had . an opportunity to # draw
their own weapons, • "' *
The capture of Theron Without blood
shed comes ' as a welcome surprise, for
he is one of the most desperate of the
?scapes, and it was not believed that he
would be taken alive. That he was sur
prised is probably due to the fact- that he
is worn out. as" the officers have kept
him on the move srlnce the day he' broke
out of Folscm prison. .,..*. ¦
Theron and his companions' were forced
to submit to 'having their hands and* feet
tied, as their captors were not provided
with Irons to place on them. The prison
ers are still in the mountains and being
guarded by two of their captors. Corn-
T.U, - ! *» *¦¦ -wJi. *1» • :v>«* on- h;a /.cay to
the nearest town to place himself fn. com
munication w**b the. officials at Folsom
prison- * • "*
Cornwell is known to have Been* cm the
trail of a trio of the escapes for", some
weeks and the news that he has eftfceted
the capture of Theron has "riot caused
mu«h surprise here, .for he # fs knowp as
a determined man. Fie 'knows Thcrop
and ther« Eeems to be no room to 'doubt
that he has one of the worst/of the fu
gitive felons under* arrest.- 'it Is *ver>
probable Uiat the captives will be Brought
into Nevada and placed in Jail, probably
at Reno, pending the arrival of- officers
from Folscnv "
Plans of the United States
• Now' Worry. the Cen-'
.; • tral Aniericans. •*.'.. ,
Men With Him Are Thought
to Be Escapes From.Fol:?*
som Prison.
Presence of German Warship
May Improve a Perilous :
¦ ; . ¦ • : ' Situation. * " •
Golombiari Xawmafcers
•; Take'-Offiitse; \at ®"
: •.;•: -Messages.' •';¦•. j-
Arrests .. -Ojrderecl '¦;. tp
¦¦;.. $orce S<3c6nd $a,x %
::; : : Payments;; '.'•./. :
Eelentless Pursuers
Take Him andTwfl
Companions. '>•;'.
Fugitive -\ Convict
Is- Captured in
Mbuntaiis. •
Ca${r6 Cfpverniiieiit
iviore ';
1 > - Insults. • i~ : .
of ; 1-
THERON NOW
IN CLUTCHES
OF THE LAW
VENEZUELANS
MAKE WAR
ON FOREIGNERS
HAY'S NOTES
STIR WRATH
OF SENATORS
J^OFIA, Aug. 31. — hi. both official and revolutionary circles
» the opinion is freely held that war between Bulgaria antl
Turkey-is imminent and can be averted by nothing short of
a miracle. It is not e.xpected that either Government will form
ally declare hostilities, jbut that the prevailing conditions will force
warfare.
There is no question -that .large numbers of insurgents have
recently- crossed the frontier.: An extensive outbreak in North
ern Macedonia is possible at any time. The Autonome prints a'
telegram f rom . Constantinople declaring that the -Sultan/-in
fluenced by .the counsels of Germany, now. favors war "with Bul
garia. The Turks here, however, take an pptimistic yiew, assert
ing that.there is no danger of a war, as Turkey not "desire
one, and Prince Ferdinand and the present Bulgarian Govern
ment fire not in. a position to force hostilities. " • $;5
The Bulgar-ian agent^at Uskiib reports thaf. detachments of
Turkish troops sent to garrison-, the small towns in that vilayet
have spread destruction-along their route; the' villagers have been
robbed and, beaten, the women violated and the Christian popula
tion subjected to every conceivable outrage, while the local au
thorities appear to be helpless to stop the hostilities. *,
Up to'6 o'clock this evening'Prince Ferdinand had not ar
rived in Sofia 1 and the court^bfficiars. declare that they are without
information as to his movements: . • . ' . ' : :* ';
• . Nine hundred refugees from Malkotirnovo and surrounding
villages have arrived at Ururhku, Bulgaria.. The.fefugees say the
Turkish garrisoji fired upon- the Bulgarjanpart of Malkotirnovo,
with the object of creating an impression that a revolution was in
progress. . •¦ /- ;"; " ¦": ....
The .Prefect, August 21/ summoned the Bulgarian notables-,
of Malkotirnovo and endeavored'to force them to sign a statement
that the insurgents were the aggressors. The notables, refused to
do so and the first man who refused" was hanged the next day.
The Macedonian leaders here claim that an aggregate of 2000
Bulgarians have crossed .the;. frontier, in small parties antf'joined
the insurgents' during the last; ten; days. General Zonte Hoff, presi
dent of ihe -Macedonian committee, and Colonel Jankoff, one of
the revolutionary leaders, -who I are . now in -Macedonia,' sent . word
that the! insurgent. forces total" i 2,000 to 1 5,000 men. They:ex
pect that a^general insurrection will be proclaimed this week.
Macedonian Leaders Increase Their Forces
and Propose a Mighty Uprising.
VOLUME XCIY-NQ. 93.
SAN FRANCISCO,: TUESDAY,, SEPTEMBER 1, 1903.
The San Francisco Call.MRS. ALLIE TAYLOR TO BECOME
THE BRIDE OF JOHN F. SIEBE
BEAUTIFUL AND CliARMING DAUGHTER OF A< MODESTO RANKER
' ."WHOSE ENGAGEMENT" TO JOHN F. SIEBE OF THIS CITY IS EX
. PECTED TO BE ANNOUNCED- SHORTLY. : • •••
RUMOR has it -that the boautlJul
Mrs. Allfe' Taylor and. John:P.
Siebe have an engagement to an
nounce, but certain It is they
have not yet made th'e news pub
lic. Cupid is. .always • enthusiastic, how
.ever^ and when -he succeeds in plighting
a troth of two such decided eligibles he
should not be - scolded .for Jetting the cat !
out of the bag in sheer delight.
Mrs." Taylor Is unquestionably one* of
the most beautiful young women 'in San
Francisco. She is of the brunette type
, and possesses unusually fine figure
and charming personality. She is an ex
cellent whip and. uses excellent taste" In"
the selection of her gowjis, of which she
has a large number. Her fa'ther. A.' L.
Cressy*. is sC prominent banker of Mo
desto, w*here Mrs. Taylor *sp # ent her girl
hood. She now lives greater "part of
each, year In San Francisco.
Mr. .Siebe is the son of John .Di Siebe,
an ex-Assessor of San Francisco, and
lives with his father at 2217 Sacramento
street. He is a bright and successful- in
surance man and also has a financial in
terest in the firm, of Siebe & Plagemann
In this city. .. .
Mrs. -Taylor- persistently states there Is
BATH, Me., Aug:. 31. — The cruiser Cleve
land will be given her official speed trial by
the Government to-morrow.
ECZEMA, NO CURE, NO . PAY.
Tour druggist will refund your money if PAZO
OINTMENT falls . to cure Ringworm, Tetter,
Old Ulcers and Sore*, Pimples and Blackheads
on the face, and all skin diseases. CO cents. *
NEW YORK, Aug. 31.— Dr. Philip
Wolfe, formerly editor of the Boston
Saturday Evening Gazette and also con
nected with the Boston Leader, but a res
ident of this^lty for the past two years,
died to-day at his home here of apoplexy,
aged 55 years. He was the author of a
number of novels.
Dr. Philip Wolfe 13 Dead.
ROME, Aug. 31— The Duke of Aosta,
heir apparent to the throne, left 'to-day
for Germany, where on the invitation of
Emperor William' he will attend the
grand maneuvers.' , The Duke will after
ward go to Munster to pay a visit to the
regiment of White Cuirassiers, of which
he iSsthe honorary head. He will present
to the regiment three solid silver beakers
artistically ornamented.
Duke of Aosta Will Attend Maneu
vers" in Germany and Will
Go to Ireland.
ITALY'S HEIR APPARENT
STAETS ON VISITING TOUR
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Aug. 31.— In the
controvery between Swiss Consul J. Con
rad Baumberger and the local customs
officials over the admission duty free of
a Swiss flag Collector of Customs . Rich
ardson to-day refused to recognize a
warrant from the State Department se
cured through the efforts of the Swiss
Minister.- - The Collector declines to re
lease the flag unless the duty, is pa'd or
he receives instructions from the Treas
ury Department to deliver the flag to the
Consul. •
Louisville Collector Refuses Admis
sion of Consular Colors Without
Instructions From Washington.
WILL NOT BELEASE SWISS
FLAG UNTIL DUTY IS PAID
PARIS, *Aug. 31.— The Foreign Office
• here points out • the significance of the
appointment, of M. Witte as president" of
the Russian Council of Ministers which
Is merely an honorary post, whereas the
Minister of Finance, .which he is leaving,
is a position of great power and Influence.
The change practically amounts to put
ting M. Witte aside, though he will con
tinue to direct R.usso-German relations.
• LONDON, Aug. 31.— JMembers of the
Japanese diplomatic corps -here regard
the promotion of M. Witte by. the 'Czar to
be president of the Council of Ministers
as being a victory -for the Russian war
party. The Japanse fear that M. Wltte's
removal from the finance ministry may
•retard the progress of the Far Eastern
negotiations.
French Foreign Office Says Russian
Statesman's Promotion Costs
Him His Power.
SAYS MINISTER WITTE
HAS BEEN PUT ON SHELF
ADHN, Arabia. Aug. # 31.— The principal
sources £or the supply* of rifles and am
munition .to the Mad Mullah's forces- in
Somaliland have b^eit traced through a
complete identification of trade, marks,
through agents at Hat*saF and Jibuti!,
Abyssinia, to a London ffrm.
Since the commencement of the opera
tions in Somalilajnd an aggregate of 3,000,
000 rounds "of Lee-Metford rifle ammuni
tion and correspondingly large numbers
of Lee-Metford and @ras rifles have* been
shipped by this London firm 'to Jibutll
and Harsar, by way of Manchester and
Marseilles.
PARIS. Aug. 31.— The following •will repre
sent French interests in the Venezuelan arbi
tration at The Hapue: Louis Renault*, coun
sel of the General Office; Baouard Cluna,
counsel, and . Henri Fromageot, secretary.
English Firm- Supplies
the Enemy of the
• *. • Empire.
BOSTON. Aug. 31. — Repeated applause
preeted Edward Harriean's new .play,
"Under Cover," at the Boston Theater
to-nipht. The audience was a large one.
and the witty lines of the play kept it
laughing continually. All the son^s- are
catchy and were encored again and again,
lieutenant General Nelson A. Miles occu
pied a box. ».
Harridan's New Play Succeeds.
An informal hop will be given at the
Presidio this- evening in honor of the
officers of the Fourteenth Cavalry, who
sail to-morrow for Manila.
Mrs. J. Parker Whitney aryl daughter,
Mrs. Graydon, and Thomas Graydon
have returned from- Del Monte and are
at the Palace Hotel.
The** engagement of Miss Mabel Lan
ders and John Mason Ross has been
announced. After the wedding the bride
will probably reside in Phoenix, where
the groom-elect has been 'practicing law
since he was graduated from Stanford.
Baron and Baroness von Wrede have
lss'ued cards announcing, the marriage of
their daughter. Miss Kuhne* Beveridge.
to*. William B. Branson of Johannesburg
on* Tuesday. August 25, at the Malson
Normande, Trouville. The bride will be
remembered In Sgji Francisco, "having
h&d a studio here some years ago. She
has gained a wide reputation in her art
— sculpture.
An interesting engagement islhat of
Miss Mary Kip, daughter. of Mr. and
Mrs. William Ingraham Kip, and Dr.
Ernest Franklin Robinson, formerly of
the army, but now a surgeon of promi
nence. No date fox the wedding is an
nounced. ,'M
Miss Ardella Mills has returned from
a trip'to th'e.Yosemite. * The William H.
Millses have rented their Jackson-street
residence to the "Aliens of Ross Valley
for th% coming seasdn. ..'•.
¦ • ? • * .
Dr. Carrie A. Gass of San Jose "has 're
turned from her northern trip and will
reside with her sister. Dr. Alice M.
Gass, at 17.92 Sutter street, this city,
where both will continue the practice of
•medicine with offices. at .606 Sutter street.
* • •
The California Club will resume active
work to-day after 'the summer vacation.
An interesting programme has been ar
ranged for this afternoon, a feature of
which will be Glfford Plnchot's address
on forestry. As Mr. Pinchot is chief of
the Unfted States. Forestry Bureau, his
views will be especially "valuable to mem
bers of the forestry* section of the club.
ing to the groom's business interests
there.
* • • •
LOUISVILLE. Ky # .. Aug. 31.— Father
John H. Cushing to-day denied the story
emanating from Denver that he had "been
ordered to Gethesemane, and there to re
main practically a prisoner for life be
cause of his long fight upon Bishop Matz.
Father Cushing has b"een sent to retreat"
to the Trappist Monastery for a .month*
or less by Archbishop ' Falconio and im
mediately thereafter will re.turn to* his
diocese In Denver.
FATHER CUSHING DENIES
"STORY OF BANISHMENT
no announcement to be made, but smiley
mysteriously.;! The [happy -man' says he
has no.t- been- authorized.- to'- make any
•statements and that' there Is .'nothing- to
announce— yet, but "his exuberant - spirit
belles his -words. ¦ The engagement will
probably ! be formally announced in the
very near future. ' . „*
» * ' •
The .wedding day of Miss 'Maud Cluff
and Gporge* W. Downey Is set for the
"Hth of November. The scene of the nup
tials will be at the Palace maple, room,
as the. William duffs have made their
home at that hotel sinae they returned
from Europe last month, having sold
their former residence. ° •
A quiet wedding fook place at St.
Mary's Cathedral yesterday at noon, with
Mrs.' Pauline Shaw and Carlos B. Lastreto
.the principals. * .Archbishop 'Riordan ofll
'ciated.* The groom is the son of L. F.
: Lastre4o, prominently identified with the
circles-of culture and refinement and well
known' as the Nlcaraguan Consul. The
"bride, has been a resident of San Fran
, Cisco" for some time and has a number
o*f acquaintances. '=/*\v':i'
. Mr. and Mrs. Lastreto left at once for
Del Monte and Santa Barbara, expecting
to reside pecmanently in the south, ow-
Lord Chief Justice Visits Root.
LONDON, Aug. 31.— Lord Chief Justice
Alverstone, the .British member of the
Alaskan Boundary Commission, called on
EUhu Root th;^ morning and Embassador
Choate called on him later. Counsel for
Canada Issued a statement giving an out
line of the controversy, but not express
ing an opinion. o
Prince to Command at Kiel.
BERLIN, Aug. 31.— A Cabinet order just
issued assigned Admiral Prince Henry of
Prussia to command the navy station at
Kiel. Admiral Koster succeeds the Prince
in command of the first active squadron.
NEW YORK, Aug. "• 31.— Christopher
Thompson, E2 years of age, father of.
Hugh Thompson, the boy who "was res
cued last Thurfdayfrom the French bark
Marechal de Gonaaut, four miles "east of
Sandy Hook, committed suicide some tim'e
yesterday at his home in Brooklyn. He*
drank carbolic acid. The man's treatment
of his son was being investigated by the*
Federal authorities, arid this, with violent
quarrels with his wife, who was angered*
at the treatment her boy received, are
believed to have caused Thompson to. en<J
his life.
Fearing Irivestigation'.Jnto T^fe4t-.
ment of Son, New York Man"
Drinks Carbolic Acid. ; \ .
FATHER .OF SHANGHAIED ' V . : -
BOY COMlfflTS ." SXTICIDE
.The resort 'strtkes a balance ' bet--we«n
the requirements of importing- countries
and -the available exporting surplus of
the otheF States, Indicating a deficiency
amounting .to 13.270.0- meter centners in
the world's grain crop. ]
BUDAPEST, Aug. 3i.— The annual estl
111*16 of the world's g;rain crop Issued by
the Minister of Agriculture estimates the
wh.eat in- Hungary! at 41,226,700 meter cent
ner (a meter centrfer equals 440.92 pounds),
compared ' with 46,507;000 last year. . The
deficiency in the other cereals is about
the. same; percentage.
Annual Estimate of -the;- Grain of the
'. ' , World Indicates a Heavy"-';' •".
: ; - '.- . ' Deficiency. : ."
HUNGARY'S WHEAT: CROP . •
.SMALLER THAN LAST YEAR
MULLAH BUYS
LONDON GUNS
. ".ST. PAUL, Minn.',^Kg. .31.:— The fourth
'annual Tonvention of" the Arm*y of the'
Philippines 'beg'an t6-jla"y. " : The business •
sessions. 3 of rhe •convent ion. arfe_ held in. the
Seriate- chamber] of the'Sta te Housed This
afternoon's 'session was d.evoted largely to
Organization of commtittces. General Irv-':
ing Hal.e presided:.. ¦'. . ;."•.: •.'.• '..-"/.-.•'. '
There is ": a disppsftion to. introduce . a;
resolution favoring :a- federation ; with ¦ the .
Spanish- War. •Yeter'ans 1 - ; :npt with . the* in-
"tention- pf;'abando.riing- the.-ldehtity'.'ofjthe.-
Philippine .veterans, but to pre'serye : sep
arate identity,^yet. be" closely, related in a'
national sense;. •.'•¦'. • .
• The resolutions committee,, which -was
appointed this"»*ter'nooR, will -have before
it a resolution-- to- establish' a urfiform rit
ual for. th'e' initiation of the member? of
the various .'camps. ; *It .is "generally ex
pected that General' Hale can have the
onice of President if he -will accept«it.
To-night tne ' mefnbei:s o and . delegates
were tendert'd -a .receotion in the rooms
of the Commercial •Qlub.
To'-morrow morning o the second session
will be held and the most "impo'riant mat
ter that will come up will be* the selection
of the next 3 meeting place. Wednesday
the election bf officers will take place."
The . coffin wa.« carried. to* and from the'
parish church by old retainers.. Simul
taneously a memorial service was held in
.Westminster 1 Abb'ey; which was •a'ttend*ed
by representatives o of "King Edwa-rd,
peror William and other members.-' of •¦
royal and imperial .families', -tabinet mini*
ister»>" former Cabinet "nrsiniitcra. dlplo*
mats, including Embassadof Choarte 'and
members of other embassies arid, a 'host, of
peers, members of Parliament end others.
The only floral tribute on Lor.d Salis
bury's coffin was a wreath sent by Queen
Alexandra. Other wreaths sent by the
King of Portugal ana others were used to
decorate the grave. The Archbishop of
Canterbury officiated at the funeral ser
vice.
The King sent a wreath with the words:
"As a mark of°deepest regard, greatest
respect and sincere friendship." •
LONDOX, Aug. -31*— The •••remains. of ;
Lord SaHsbury wVre'. 'iiHerred to.-day .b'feV
side". those, of hi?, wife . in the ."burial
grounds -of tbe Cecils at* Hatfield. -T^ 16
'arrangements, were Of the .most private
and simple character.- All the children of
the deceased were present/ as were .also
Premier Balfour, I^rd^el^rW^V;aJD'd*^ja;
few.; intimate vneighbors..'. Qtherwise the-,
mourners "..'• we're-" made .up • of-, the* dead'
.'statesman's' tenants, detainers and. inhab- ¦-
I Itantsof Hatfleid/ [' ''''.¦
' * • ' .. .
Burial" of the" Late Udrd
Salisbury:" at. iHat /
Army of the Philippines
.Opens . Fourth Ses- •
sion.at St. Paul. : '
QUEEN'S WREATH
ON HIS COFFIN
VETERANS MEET
IN CONVENTION
OGDEN, Utah. Aug:-31.— The hca'dquar
ters of th'e National 'Irrigation Congcess
In this city to-day received a letter from
the" French ernbas'sy at Washington stat
ing that France" wpuld be represented' at
the "coming- Irrigation congress in. this
city by M; : Max Gouppey.de la Forrest,
secretary, of the : French Commission' of
Water Study.*; ;'*•• .¦ _' ."- •
•Another lette^ received at , the head
quarters' was from Senator Depew. of
Ne.wv York. The jSenator writes that
Is a firm belie\ r tr In governmental assist
ance' for the '.reclamation of arid lands,
and that he hopes' to" be *of practical as
sistance lo the lrrlgutiontats at Washing.
too.' . ¦ .- - : r . ' :.
, JTiel display, of .irrigation-growri fruits,
for 'which many valuable prizes are. ' of
fered, promises to be the hnest cxtiibit
of the kind ev.er shown. The. latest prom
ises of 'exhibit's came.'to-day "from Fresno, •
Caj.. and' the Sacramento, Development
Association of Sacramento, ;Cal. „• . •
at ¦ Ogden.
Frftnca Will Be Represented at Na
: . tional Gathering to Be Held
CALIFOENIA. FBUIT AT
' * IRRIGATION CONGRESS
Three miners werp rescued from' abso
;ute starvation by Henry Kratnober of
San Francisco, who is exploring the* en-"
tire Alaska mineral rone for tbe Roths
rhllrts and the London Exploration Com*
pan/. BrJtnober • passed . over . Valdes
Kagle trail with .two men. a »on % of grub
and tei • pi^ 'In', a.' smsll' tenti
exhausted and.un?,ble. fo* m,oye,'.'and hkrd-.
ly able to .^peakf he -found P.. A. Rettig,
whose hi^irf Ms.at Oolano, »Js. Y.-; \Villiam'
]Cruhm of Baltimore •an'd : Harry Bebrens,
who pave Bratnobcr/nisi --address box
51, Xew York city." 'JFor thret' wciks these"
men had lived .on bepri<v<, but 'finally
their strength gave out- arid- the.v hac*
laid down to die unless rescued by passers
by. They told Brati.-:A>er that the .trai;
from N'azina to Tanana. was being'tra
vorsed by fully two hundred men in the
s=ame condition-as themselves]. Bratnober
promptly notified : the commandant • ' at.
Fort Egbert, uj-frtng .the sending of a'.re
lief expedition. ." . .*•"."" '• *:"
Miners hurried Into the Na*ina country
last eprlng only to find that the placer
j.rospects there were, workable only by
hydr&ulicing * on a large scale, jlea.rlng
©f a new strike on the. Tanana Rivet
they started ov.erland carrying but small
supplies, supposing t^iat provisions tould
be purchased at the several trading t posts"
en route. They were mistaken, for* ttie
only trading i>05t along the route was
that of Walsh .& Lawreru?fe at- Tanana
crossing. The firm had a" small" fctdcli,,
most of which It gave freelf.to the' heedy
and emaciated miners- as -they passed
along. ¦ ' ' * •
TACOMA. "Wash.. Aug. a.-^-Captaia
Perklr* coraman<Slng the United States
post at Fort Egbert on the Tukon, h^as
wined the War Department .f or authority
I to send a relief expedition .with food to
rescu* two hundred Impoverished miners
who started in July on *a Jive hundred
mile trip through the trackless wildejnesp
from Nasina. raver in. Copper {liver Val>
ley to the Tanana River and thence to
the Yukon. In making this iourney" they
have to cross a high divide 'forming -thi
backbone of the Alaskan continent. \
Sp«cltl l'!*i*tch to Tfce.ail.
— w m .
• •
Henry Bratnober, a San Francisco
yirintng Expert, Beseuefe Three
IT«w York Men, "Who- Had *
Given Up Hope.: *.'•••
Many of The'm .Certa p tp Pie
' • Unless Food Is Sept - ;
to *Tneni."./ . •
• OMAHA, Neb., AUff. 3t,;-Tho Union Pa
clfle Railroad, In anticipation t a possible
strike Bnfanjj tti» blturoehous coal min
ers, has taken stepr to lay* In "a good
¦tore of coal at ;tWs;potnt..r At the com
pany's yards at ; tb.^itransfer depot : oy»sr
2,000,000 to*ns ot iofteoial are stacked up
alongside the tracks' ana more eonMnually
cprnlng in. For a half rail*} eachslde of
the farthest track soft coal' ia. stocked to
a height of between eight, and ten j feet;
while on each side af tne adjointtig track
for, mote than ariml/: mile Is to' be/seen
the 'same; coal .heac. f V . ] I .';' J
The* greater jpart of ihie xcal has jbeen
brought from JJovinger, ,>Id.VfOver; the
tracks of the -Burlington road, "-while a
sinall pqrtloh Is aai«i V. be froth; Colorado.
Not a pound of ; this immense amount of
coal, however. It 1« said, came from ttie
Union Pacific's mines at -Rock; Springs
ajnd* Hanna, Wyo. It is Bald, that; the
Union Pacific is selling all the coal It can
mine In Wyoming to the United Stages
Government for shipment • to the Pacific
Coast, and o that by so doing and. ship
ping from Missouri and Colorado It can
make a handsome prqflt. , r
Two Hundred *Min£i?8
Starving in T^nana '
RiVerf Country.* .*.
Railroad Makes Preparations
.;; ;'iri| Anticipation of
/>,C ""/•"'' Strike.
Stock !o£ .Bitumeiv-
GOVERNMENT
IS ASKED TO
SEND RELIEF
TWO MILLION
TONS OF COAL
THE. SAN: FBANCI8CO ..fi#X&i TUESDATv SEPTEMBER ¦ 1, 1908,
Son .of . Ex-Asisessor of San Francisco* /Jiid
.";" Daughter. of Prominent .Modesto Banker
Are Amprig. .the Latest to' Plight Tfoth^
2
ADVERTISEaiENTS.
OCOOOOCCOOO©OOCOOOOSeOO3OOOOCGCCeSCOOeC©QGO©OCO0OQO©OOOOOC©eOOGOOOOi
I THE REASONS \A/HY "\
% TREATMENT IS THE ONLY •!
j PERFECT CURE j
j DRINK HABIT:' !
%^ TTT m -effected entirely by the use of Internal -Remedies !
• A l iw taken into the system through the -natural channels, " J
2 TT 1 TQ FREE from the dangers and ill effects of Hypo- <
S K A *>•? dermics. ' • • j
J IT LEAVES the patient in . splendid ' condition !
o x K M^tA^ti-L v i~i<j physically, not only curing the desire . J
2 for liquor, but correcting the diseases arising therefrom. ' • <
• - TT OOPS NOT incapacitate the patient for •• J
S IT IS tak ? n in a P erfectl y equipped home, where the {
o x x xw patient is surrounded by every comfort. -' «
S IT nilRFR in tnree da y s to sta y cured and has re - • V J
o XlV>-Wini-.O deemed 11,000 victims from the curse J
• / . . of drink. J
fl 1- lO. administered only by its discoverer, I
ABB BESS ALL MAIL: <
14 (1FAPV STPFPT san francisco. cal. J
* • VJl-*nLlV. I **J * IVL4L4 1 . Telephone Main 1037. \
~ EIiEGATTT ACCOMKOOATZOZTS TOS WOMEKr PATIEWTS, "WITH COMPETENT ATTEM I) AITTS. . <
oAttoeoooooeooo99oeooeoooe9oecdee809oeee>oo9«eeo9oee®eo*909e«e9990«tto!
TUSCAM
•'.J&L-. • V^/ fVW -* -*- \1
: ; Mineral; springs, /
"Locat»d nine 'mile's northeast «of -Red. Bluff on
the -line of the Southern Pacinc : Railway. ,
'Cases ht RHEI'MATISM.: GOCT AND ALL
BLOOD. DISKASES WILL UK . . ACCEPTED
tJNDKR A GUARANTEE THAT THEY WILL
BE CURED WITHIN A SPECIFJJBD TIME
OR ALL EXPENSES. INGLITDINO RAIL-
WAT FARE. WILL BB" REFUNDED.
• . These wonderful springs can be Trachea ; by
the Southern -Pacific Compan7*9 system of rail-
ways and its' connections throughout the United
States • ' ..*¦"-
" :For rates -of far* and" routes of travel apply-
to any Southern »Paciflc Kat'road Agent.
For guarantee or r<»ferenc« to cures effected. .
address Medical Departlnent, Tuscan Ifineral
Springs Corp., Tuscan, Cal. • *
V '0 HOTEL ::¦.
Del Moiite
The only *olr IlnKs AlltornidJ wttf»*/nl»»
18- hole course equipped with perennial ¦tart
r greens. This course is provided fexdiMiVel? tat .
tbe cuests of the 'hotel.
0 • POLO, -AUTOMOBILINq,
GOLF AND SVVIMMlNlQ
The year round. Rates. *3 80 per "day and npt
Special rates by the month on application to
GEORGE W. RETaNOLDS. Mgr.
PARAISQ SPRINGS
MONTEEET iiiSUWSY, CAT*.
The leading Samlner Resort of ftie
Pacific Coast. Hot Soda and Sulphur
6aths, large Swimming Tank, first-
class table. - Send for beautiful illus-
trated booklet and rates .to F. W.
Schroeder, Manager, or San Francis-
co Agent, ii Montgomery street.
£TNA SPRINGS
In .September Is the best place In California.
The mountains nave «donned tbeir autumn
colors. Bowllnff, driving:, swimming, flshinje.
etc Health-restoring waters. Ideal service.
$7 round trio from San Francisco.
AETNA SFXt*a*aS COMPANY,
Aetna- Spring's, • ZTapa Co., Cal.
AGUA CALIEIMTC SPRINGS
OPEN ALL YEAR ROUND. Natural hot
sulphur springs, temperature 115 degree?. No
staging. Fare $1 10. Sure cure for rheuma-
tism, a«thma. kidney and liver troubles. Tub
and hot plunge baths. The largest mineral
water swimming tank in th.- State. Compe-
tent lady and gentlemen ma&seurs, swimming
teacher. Special rates from now on. Peck's.
11 Montgomery st. THEODOR RICHARDS.
Agva. Callente, Sonoma Co.
Tahoe Tavern at Lake Tahoa
Is now open for the reception of guests.
Our patrons of last season »ay: Ta-
boo Tavern Is tse equal of any isaau
resort hotel In the world,**
and that Lake Tahoe has no equal. Visit us
and prove statement for yourselves. Rate*
from $3. SO per day upward. For particulars
or reservation of room* address Taho* Tarera.
Tahoe City, Cal.
HOTEL WILLITS.
First season. New bulldlne; uj to data
equipment; over a hundred rooms, handsomely
furnished; large dining-room; rooms en suits
with private baths; hot and cold water; elec-
tric lights; first-class plumbing and perfect
sewerase. Redwoods and mountainous country
• rouSd wtta all their pleasures; center of th*
deer hunting and fishing of Mendocino County.
|2 to *3 60 per day; $10 to $18 per week. Ad-
dress WILLIAM WEIOAND. Maaaser. WU-
lit a. Mendoclno County. Cal.
VICHY SPRINGS.
S miles from Ukiah, Mendocino Co. Natural
electrics waters, champagne baths. Only place.
in the world of this cta«s. Fishing, huntlns.
Crystal Springs. Accommodations ; table Orst-
class. J. A. REDEMEYER & CO.. Props.
Campbell Hot Springs.
16 hours* rail to Boca: stage for. springs con-
nects ft p. m. train from city; round trip. In-
cluding stage. $1* 50. good for season. Rates.
$10 per week. «
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
BESWICK. SISKITOTJ C^.. CAl*
Finest ««>»<"«', bunting and ttealth resort aa
the coast. Send for booklet.
EPSON BROS.. Proprietors.
Paff^if k. tIt-T^ fijftiTii
i»si Icaa T #jr**"BJ H E*a g*i**^gBjl
US m I
1 ®*i M fil if *-*fl -^A^Nf
II n u B9 Pars 3 trFjC 71 TT**{*> I*
IIs the trew of brews — tke very .
ISiife ofihe: malt imiglit aiii kelcL ¦
Pin listflutetmrity rornyour ae-
lectattoh. lot siixity years Jrab^t'
lias kbifcthe ener^esa .' |
of a thousand master minds to tne:
! brewing of tKe perfect teer ~to-&sy
there is no teer that equals Pabst.
i ¦'-.. . • -' Orders filled by " * '; j
Hii ¦ hii ¦hi Thomas w * Collins- & Co., Telephone Grant 140. ' * ¦ . , I
CANCER CURED!
"I was cured by the Electro-Chemlc treat-
ment of cancer of the breast without a surssir-Hl
operation. The treatment was absolutely pain-
less and instead of it making me weaker I
gained ten pounds In wetffht and gained la
strength in every way during- my treatment."
MRS. WILLIAM BARNES, Blacks, Cal.
.., Ill !¦¦ ,. t I 1... I .JMIUL-
MRS. FREDERICK GOCHIA.
421 Ii St., San Francisco.
"My stomach, liver and bowels were In a bad
condition. My food did me no good; my blood
was weak and my nervous system was a wreck
Medical treatment seemed to make me worbe"
but in a few weeks the Electro-Chemic treat-
ment has worked wonders in my case. My di-
gestion is good, my stomach, liver and bowels
are normal, my blood circulates freely and my
• nerves are stronger than In years."
MRS. FREDERICK GOCHIA,
421 L St.. San Francisco.
CONSULTATION h~ en* fT H~
X-RAY EXAMINATION I" lU L L
Specialties — Coniumptlon, Catarrh,
| Bronchitis, Asthma, Cancers, Tumors.
Seafneis, Head and Ear Noises, Bhen-
matism, Paralysis, Neuralgia, Piles,
Diseases of the Stomach, Liver, Sid-
neys and Bowels, , Special Diseases of
Ken and Women. All Chronic Diseases.
ELECTRO«CHEMIC~INSTITDTE,
118 GEANT AVI., Cor. Post St..
sak rsAxrcisco.
Office Hours-^-0 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to 8 p.
m. dally; Sundays, 10 a. m. to 1 p. m.
Separate Apartments for Ladles and Gentlemen.
A* 1 ** VERT] H SMnTTS.¦-¦¦¦":¦; !¦-; -•¦' ¦--.>¦-.-' i> ,"'•».¦
NEW PRESIDENT OF THE
GERMAN CATHOLIC ASSO
CIATIONS OF CALIFORNIA.
Santa Cruz Carnival Closes.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 31.-The eighty
day carnival closed here to-night with a
ball at Armory Hall. Addresses were de
livered by Mayor Clurk and Carl E. Lind
say.
CHEYENNE, Wyo.. Aug. 31.— Governor
Chatterton to-day announced his intention to
appoint W. C. Irvine State Treasurer, to suc
ceed Henry O. Ray, who • resigned to accept
a position ' with the United States Steel Cor
poration at New York. Mr. Irvine ia manager
of the'Lelter cattle ranches in Wyoming.
Sunday at . Lake Tahoe.
A special excursion train will run to Lake
Tahoe via Southern . Pacific by daylight, Sep
tember 5, returning September 7. ,Thls" 6 lves
all day Sunday at«the lake. Round-trip tickets
$8 10. Good returning up to September 10.
Leave San Francisco Saturday 8 a. m. Arme
San Francisco Monday. 7:25 p. m. •
HULSE DOES NOT WANT
TO BE TRIED IN KERN
Alleged Slayer of Officers Tibbet
and Packard Will Demand a
Change of Venue.
BAKERSFIELD, Aug. 31.-A1 Hulse,
the alleged slayer of Officers Tlbbet and
Packard, will demand a change of venue
from Kern County when the case is
called. The announcement was made this
evening by his attorner, Bowen Irwin,
former District Attorney of Kings Coun
ty. The' case is set for trial before the
Superior Court on September 23. The al
leged murderer is still in jail here and
takes his confinement coolly, declaring
he Is confident of an . acquittal. Jennie
Fox. his consort, who has told several
stories in regard to the case, is also de
tained at the jail as the main prosecut
ing witness.
The prosecution will resist the applica
tion for a change of venue. _
lead half a mile before the leader
caught it. Then the Reliance steadily
gained until she had made good her
two-mile lead and added another half
mile to it. In trying to hold the wind in
their jib topsails both yachts had run off
their course, but at 4:30 both set spin
nakers and headed straight for the fin
ish. The wind was dying away and the
spinnakers drew poorly. The Reliance
was moving not more than four miles an
hour and the Shamrock two and a half
miles astern of her when the committee
boat signaled that the race was oft.
Both immediately took in sail and were
taken in tow for Sandy Hook.
The regatta committee of the New
York Yacht Club announced to-night that
the yachts would go again to-morow.
At 12:30 this (Tuesday) morning the
wind at Sandy Hook was very light, the
sky cloudy and the sea calm.
DENVER,' Colo., Aug. 31.— A special to
the Republican from Telluride, Colo., says
that notices were posted this afternoon
calling on all millmen In Telluride to stop
work to-morrow morning. This is the
result of the refusal o.f the mill man
agers to concede an eight hour day with
some reduction In pay. The miners of
the district had already been notified of
the strike to-morrow In sympathy with
the millmen of Durango.
Will Quit Work To-Day With Object
of Enforcing Concessions
From Managers.
MILLMEN STRIKE AT
TELLURIDE, COLORADO
Prominent Cincinnati Man Dead.
CINCINNATI. O.. Aug. 31.— John Car
lisle, one of the most prominent and for
merly one of the wealthiest men in Cin
cinnati, died to-day, aged 67 years. He
constructed part of the Ohio and Mis
sissippi Railway and was formerly vie©
president of the Cincinnati, Hamilton &
Dayton Railway and trustee of the South
ern Railway. He built the railway from
Ashland to Richardson, Ky., to develop
h!s coal lands and was largely Interested
in buildings and business in Cincinnati.
JOLJET, 111., Aug. 21.— John Gatons, tha
aged and wealthv fanner who shot and
killed his favorite son in July during a
quarrel, is dying of grief. He has been
taken from the jail to the hospital and
the doctors say he will not live * to facs
the Grand Jury indictment for murder
pending against him.
Slayer of Son Dying of Grief.
on letterheads of the firm of White, Grey
& Co., importers of dry goods, 114 and 116
Kearny street. In these letters White
continually finds fault with. his partners.
All these letters were. identified and make
interesting readlrfg. • Judge Pierce read
them in the court with all the pafthos at
his command. The spectators listened
eagerly and smiled at some of the allu
sions made by the writer. Mrs. White
was forced to smile at times and even the
court had hard work repressing a smile.
. WHITE NEEDED MONEY.
The following letter was received by
Mrs.. White before her marriage:
San Francisco. Cal.; Nov. 16, 1881.
Dear Jennie: I got two letters from you
this afternoon and postofflce order for $100.
You have acted very sensibly by not sending
the money by telegraph. 1 always admittPd
your good saving sense. It will come very
handy just now, as my clothes are very poor
and my present salary is so small that I can
not afford to buy more. However, I will now
buy a cheap suit and look, "cleaner. . . .
Good-bye. Ycurs, . ' .,y LLOYD.
In the following letter White expresses
regret that he has not riches' that he
might take his future wife over to Eu
rope". Following are extracts:
December 18, 1S81.
Dear Jennie: Your letter came to hand .'yes
terday and I was astonished to see by It that
you Kot no letter last week. Now, I wrote
every Sunday since you left and mailed it my
self, so I can't understand why you did not
get it. 1 am so glad your toe Is getting bet
ter. It is a miserable thing {o have anything
sore on the feet, as one feels It so much In
that place, j However, I trust by the time this
reaches you that you will be cured . entirely.
. . . Jennie, I have not .rhadp one dollar's
worth of Xmas presents this year. I did not
even send one to my sisters or mother, for the
simple reason I could not afford it. And It is
all nonsense, Jennie, to be throwing- away
money when we can't spare $1. I don't care
so much for now, but I do •propose to never
want for a comfortable home in the future..
•How I would like to be able to afford to take
you and take a trip across to the old country
and spend a year or two/ However, we may
be able yet. Jennie, I often laugh when I
think of you wanting me to take a trip to
China or, in fact, any place; Jennie, at your
expenws or my own. A great many men would
only be too glad to accept such a trip and
spend your money for you. ... I hope
you will have a very 'happy Xmas, as I. can
now assure you I will have a very miserable
one. Jennie, think of me during part of that
day. Good-bye until next letter. Yours.
LLOYD.
COMPLAINS OF PARTNERS.
In the following letter White complains
bitterly of his partners and appeals to his
future wife to lend, him money in order to
buy them out:
San Francisco. Jan. 22, 1SS2.
Dear Jennie: It is Sunday; again and my
first work is to write to you. I wrote you on
.last Sunday a verjr gloomy letter, but, Jenni-%
you know well by this time that to you I al
ways will tell the history of my troubles' and
.pleasures. I intended not to worry you about
my business aftalrs, but when I read In your
letters how glad you are that my business Is
going on nicely I often eaid the poor girl does
not know my misery. I am cursed with two
of the worst partners that God ever made — you
might' reasonably say, why did I not know
these men before I took them' as partners.
Well. Jennie. I never wc«W, but at the last
moment Sir. Treanor could not get any of his
money, and as .1 had the store leased at that
time I was compelled to take in any onfe to
save myself. Jennie, I do hope Hatch wUl sell
your property very soon, aa then I could kick
those fellows out and make a handsome for
tune in a' very few years. I will leave all this
matter to you, as It is our only salvation.
Yours, etc. LLOYD.
In the letters White continually appeals
to his intended to come to his assistance.
He complains that she is having "cream
while, he is existing on corn-beef and
cabbage." He tells her to keep away
from San Francisco, for fear that his
partners will see her. He states that he
has been using her name jn attempting
to get them out of. the firm".
Mrs. White states she returned to San
Francisco in 18S2 and went to San Jo3e.
She we'nt to the Garden City because Mr.
White did n.ot wan/ her to stay In this
cljty.
There was an objection to this testi
mony, and Judge Pierce took occasion to
say that the evidence being • introduced
was for the purpose of showing \that
White used fraudulent means to get hold
of his wife's money. ' >r »>*'
GAVE WHITE THOUSANDS.
Attorney Johnson said the only .question
at issue was whether the process in the
divorce, suit was served on the witness.
Trie counsel for the plaintiff said they
would show it had not. She swore that
the_ money used in buying the partners
out" was furnished by herself.
* "In response to letters, did you let him
have any money, other than the $3100 al
ready testified to?". asked Judge Aitken.
"Yes, sir. I gave him first $1000; then I
gave him $4000; then another $1000; then
$200, and then $7000, and again '$200," re
plied the witness.
The witness was then asked to narrate
conversations she had with White after
their marriage and counsel for the heirs
objected to the question upon the* ground
(hat- she could not disclose them. There
was a long argument and the attorneys
presented numerous authorities for and
against the proposition. Judge Troutt
took the , matter under, advisement and
will render a decision when court con
venes this morning.
RAPID WORK IS DONE
ON LINE FROM SALT LAKE
Cool Weather on the Desert Next
Month Will Permit Exten
sive Building.
SALT LAKE, Aug. 31.— Operations have
been commenced on the extension of the
main line of the San Pedro-Los. Angeles-
Salt. Lake road south of Callentes, and by
the time cool weather sets in on the des
ert next month the work of grading the
roadbed toward Los Angeles will be un
der, full headway. Large gangs of men
are being sent south on every train.
/ • • • . • •
FORMER WIFE OF THE LATE JONATHAN" LLOYD WHITE WHO IS
'SUING THE EXECUTORS OF HIS ESTATE, HER ATTORNEY AND
•HER NIECE. •* ,-V'-'u- :/ '.*", ; "'. v ;" * '¦;•
BURGLARS USE ELECTRICITY
AS AID TO SAFECRACXINO
St. Louis Police Find Ingenious Out-
fit in Baggage of Two Ar
rested Men.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 31.-The discovery of
a suit case to-day containing a complete
electric apparatus for opening bank safes,
in addition to a set of burglar's tools,
leads the East St. Louis police to be
lieve that the two men arrested after a
battle Sunday night intended to rob the
East St. Louis Trust and Savings Bank
without the use of dynamite or nltro
glycerin.
The suit case was found by Lieutenant
Doyle hidden in the alley back of tha
bank.
LETTERS of endearment, written
by the late Jonathan Lloyd "White
to the woman who became his
wife, were read in evidence yes
terday before Judge*Troutt In the
case of Mrs. Jennie White against Ihe ex
ecutors of her deceased husband's estate.
The case is a peculiar one. It was
brought recently by the wife, many,
years after the dtath of White, who
lost bis life- while rescuing som'e^ women
in the memorable Baldwin Hotel fire, to
eet aside a decree of divorce granted the
husband. White secured the divorce on
the grourid of desertion and the wife is
now attempting to prove that she never
deserted her husband and never Knew of
his attempt to secure -a divorce. She
learned of his success some ye'ars after
her marriage to him, when she was in
New York, where she was staying at his
urgent request- ... ,".;.'-
The evidence so far introduced proves
that 'Jonathan Lloyd. White led a dual
life. The attorneys for Mrs. White •
set up the claim that White prac
ticed fraud on his wife and secured her
money, with which he accumulated a vast
fortune.
If Judge Troutt sets aside the decree
granting the divorce the widow will
come In for her share of the prop
erty. The executors and heirs are
combating Mrs. White and the trial which
is now on before Judge Troutt is becom
ing extremely interesting. Judge # W. L.
Pierce, Judge John R. Aitken and Frank
W. Aitken are representing* Mrs. Jennie
White and \V. K. Johnson and W. B.
Treadwell are looking after the interests
of the heirs and executors.
LOVE LETTERS ARE READ.
Mrs. White is a well preserved woman.
She goes to court in somber black and is
accompanied by her beautiful niece, Miss
May Stafford of New York. Mrs. White
bases her case on lettcts which were
written to her by White before and after
their marriage. There are more than fifty
and according to the witness they are only
a few of the many he wrote her. These
letters are full of endearment and, in the
light of events that have passed, prove
that the writer was a consummate actor.
According to the evidence, which are
written admissions in the handwriting of
the deceased. White never had more than
a thousand dollars before he met the wo
man he married. In his letters he con
tinually asks for the advancement of
money In order that he may make a fpr
tunc for both and live happily and in
comfort. When Mrs. White married she
had nearly $30,000, and it was with this
fortune that White was able to accumu
late the money that he left to his heirs.
When the case was taken up by Judge
Troutt yesterday morning, the plaintiff,
Mrs. Jennie White, was put on the wit
ness stand. She testified that she was
married to Jonathan Lloyd White in 18S3
and that they had been engaged for more
than five years. She said she was well
informed aa to his financial condition and
he had only 51000 in bank. Nearly all the
letters shown the witness were written
ENTIRE DAY IS CONSUMED
IN IMPANELING A JURY
George B. McLellan Is Placed on
Trial for Alleged Complicity
in La Palme Killing.
REDWOOD CITY, Aug. 31.— The trial of
George B. McLellan for the killing of
George La Palme, a boy, on July 28 last
wj^s commenced here this morning. Judge
Henry C. Gesford of Napa County is sit
ting for Judge Buck, who is 111. The
entire day was consumed in securing a
Jury and the taking of testimony win be
commenced to-morrow morning.
George B. McLellan, Howard H. Me-
Lellan and Efismo Martine are jointly ac
cused of the crime of manslaughter, but
each has demanded a separate trial.
Young George La Palme, with three other
boy companions, went swimming in the
creek back of the HcLcllan place on July
2S, and it' was while they were in bathing
that a bullet, coming from the McLellan
place, pierced the heart of La Palme.
Martine. one of the defendants, has con
fessed that he fired the fatal shot, but
claims that he was directed. to shoot by
George B. McLellan, the defendant now
on trial. It will probably take two days
to try th
GENERAL DON CARLOS
HASSELTONO IS DEAD
Distinguished Scholar and Former
Confederate Officer, Passes
Away in Denver.
DENVER, Aug. 21.— General Don Carlos
Hasseltono, a distinguished scholar and
linguist, died at his home in this city
to-day. He was born in New Orleans In
1S25 of Spanish parents. The General's
great-great-grandfather was sent by the
Spanish. King to America to be Governor
General of the entire Spanish possessions
in the new world. General -Hasseltono
¦was a graduate of Miami, Yale and Hei
delberg colleges. At the outbreak of the
Civil War he entered the Confederate
army as a major and was Boon made a
Ii«?ut»nant eoloneL He was captured as
a ppy and sentenced to be shot, but es
osped. After the war he studied engin
eering and was a member of Commodore
Porter's staff.
THE fourth annual convention of
the German Roman Catholic
Staats Verband held its second
and last session yesterday. The
meeting was lengthy and was
continued throughout the day. ,
Religious ceremonies marked the open
ing of the session, when a solemn
requiem, mass was performed at St. Boni
face Church for the deceased members
and benefactors of the verhand. The Rev.
Father W. JJelchers of San Jose was cel
ebrant, the Rev. Father P. Josaphat
Krausa assisted as deacon and the Rev.
Father P. George Wehmelr of Sacra
mento- was sub-deacon.
' Later the meeting was convened by the
president, F. B. • Schvenstein, when
George Buecker, vice president of Cali
fornia of the Roman Catholic Central
Verein of America, spoke in favor of the
Central Verein, telling of Its benefits and
asking those few societies not yet affili
ated to become part of the organization.
The matter of members taking out their
naturalization papers was brought before
the meeting by Ludwig von Kresfeld,
delegate from San Jose, who advocated
that the members of the various organi
zations should take an interest In both
local and national politics. '
At the afternoon session the various
committees submitted reports, which
were duly received and adopted. It was
resolved to have the proceedings of the
convention printed in pamphlet form, as
usual.
The duties of Catholic laymen was the
subject of a discourse by S. Peisel, and
L. Kaempfeu delivered an address on
"The Mother Tongue."
The hearty thanks of the delegates
were tendered those who had worked so
diligently toward making the convention
a sqeccss. and then the following named
were elected ofllcers of the verband- for
the ensuing year: ¦''«'+ Z
President. George Buecker. San Francisco;
first vice president. Simon Peisel. San Joae;
second vice president. Stephen Buhr, Los An
geles? third vice president, George Schilling,
San Francisco: recording secretary. Hy F.
Budde. San Francisco; corresponding secre
tary. Carl A. Schnabel, San Francisco; treas
urer, August Vetter. San Francisco; director.
Fr. Franz. Frultvale; director. L. Kaempfeu.
San Jose; director, Joseph Becker. San Fran
cisco.
It was resolved that next year's con
vention shall be hold at St. Anthony's
Church, San Francisco. "- | V
In the evening the delegates were ten
dered a delightful banquet in St. Boniface
Hall.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Fo'stofnce Established and Postmas
ters Commissioned — New Duty
for Navy Surgeon.
WASHINGTON. D. C. Aug. 31. — Postoffico
established: Oregon — Arcadia. Malheur
County, Thomas Auld. postmaster.
Postmasters commissioned: California — De
milt, Morse, Glennvllle; Bhoda Finch, Three
Rivers.
Oregron — Gratton W. Andrews, Bull Run.
Washington — Erwln Yake, Mohler.
Fourth-class postmasters appointed: Wash
ington — Charles W. Austin. Cusick. Stevens
County, vice George W. KpIIcck, deceased; E.
H. Hall, Downs, Lincoln County, vice James
Hawland, resigned.
Navy orders — Assistant Sureeon Okohlhaic.
from naval hospital. Mare Island, at Naval
Museum of Hygiene and Medical Service.
Delegates Choose G. Bueck
. er to Be the President of
- Staats Verbandr
LIMA, Peru, Aug. 31. — A motion was sub
mitted in the Chamber of Deputies to-day to
prohibit the Immigration into Peru of . the
members of those rellclous orders which were
excelled from Franra,
SPIRITLESS RACE.
NEW YORK, Aug. 31.— Again to-day
the beautiful cup defender Reliance failed
to register her third vistory over the
Lipton challenger because the wind died
to nothing and the time limit of five and
one-half hours expired before she could
reach the finish line.
.Her margin was approximately the
same as on Thursday last. She was less
than half a mile from the finish when the
gun sounded. The Shamrock III was
a faint blur on the horizon, fully two
and a. half miles astern. The Reliance's
failure to score the race was the' more
exasperating because, her ultimate tri
umph is now conceded, even by Sir Thom
as himself, to be simply a formality. The
superiority of the Herreshoff boat in any
kind of weather is acknowledged by the
yachting critics of both sides of the At
lantic, and to-day's fluke only prolongs
the agony of the, contest that has already
'been decided. ; i
The waning interest^ in the cup race was
strikingly illustrated by the size of the
observation fleet, if the ships which went
down to the ocean race course to-day
could be dignified by such a title. Out
side of the revenue cutters, which pa
trolled the \course, it consisted of half a
dozen tugs and a score of stearn, yachts.
The easterly wind and rain last night
had served to knock down the sea some
what, although it was rough -enough the
•first two hours of the race to make the
excursion Boats tumble about a good deal
and the yachts plunge and stagger on
their way to the outer mark. But as the
day wore on the wind hauled to the north
and fell to a mere zephyr, hardly blow-
Ing strong enougtt to round but the enor
mous canvases of the sloops and the sea
subsided to a smooth surface.
The race was spiritless from the begin
ning. It was laid fifteen miles to wind
ward up the Lon& Island shore and re
turn. Its savins feature was the start,
in which Captain Wringe, by a pretty
piece of maneuvering, neatly turned the
tables on tha Yankee skipper and cap
tured the windward, berth. Even so, the
yachts crossed the une abreast, like a
harnessed team of horses. '-'. ; i
! But within fifteen' minutes the defender
was showing her heels to the challenger
and .when the float at the outer mark
was reached she rounded it twenty min
utes and twenty-three seconds, ahead of
her rival. In the five times the boats have
met this was by ' far the worst beating
the Shamrock III has sustained in wind
ward work. The -only interest which re
mained after that was whether the Re
liance would be able to. reach the finish
Une in time to score the race.
The racers waited about' Sandy -Hook
lightship until 10:45, when the navigator
signaled that the starting line would be
shifted and the race postponed until later
in the day. After running five miles south
from the lightshjp the navigator signaled
a windward and leeward course, east
northeast, "from which direction a five
knot wind was blowing. The easterly
gale had left a long, heavy sea running,
and as the yachts jockeyed about the
starting line they lifted their long, bows
high out of the water on* top of the swell
and pounded the sea Into a troth.:- ,^.
WRINGE OUTGENERALS BARR.
For thp first time* in the series Cap
tain Wringe of Shamrock III cleverly
outgeneraled the redoubtable Captain
Barr In the'preliminary jockeying. Until
five minutes before the start Captain Barr
held the .windward berth. Then both ran
away from the line, the Shamrock lead
ing. Two minutes before the starting gun
the Shamrock headed ud into the wind,
tacked, forced the Reliance to do the
same and both ran for the line.-the Re
liance leading. They reached, it before
the starting sun, and the Reliance had
to run along the lee side of ft to await
the gun. The Shamrock reached the line
as the gun sounded and, not having to
sheer off, secured the weather position. JjJ
It was a trick which Captain Barr had
worked often, but never with better
finesse or more satisfactory results. Tne
official starting time 'of, both yachts was
11:43:26. iV^'r^lZ
The first tack .five minutes after cross
ing the line put the Shamrock III ahead,
but under the lee 'bow of the: Reliance.
Captain Wringe gave his boat a good rap
full and the way she began to walk away
from the defender made it look as though
she had found herself at last, but this
was for only a few minutes: When he
began to pinch her into wind it was ap
parent .that the Reliance was outpoint
ing the challenger and altogether making
better work of it.
They held on one tack east-southeast
for nearly an hour. During that time
the defender worked up to windward a
good quarter of a mile. When the Re
lianco tacked the Shamrock III refused
to follow suit. soBarr put his craft on
the port tack again. This placed the
Reliance a mile north of the Shamrock
III. Fifteen minutes later the wind
suddenly shifted to the' north/east and
placed the American boat that distance
dead to the windward, not half of which
she had actually earned. From that
time the Reliance gained steadily.
BELIANCE FAR AHEAD.
The yachts could head within two
points of their course. They \eld the
tack for twenty minutes and then made
short hitches, in which the Reliance
steadily got the better of it.
When off Long Beach, at 1:45, the de
fender was two miles ahead, haying
added the second mile by literally 'out
pointing the challenger and at the same
time maintaining equal speed. The
mark was then -in plain view and the
wind was softening. After a long board
off shore the Reliance made short
hitches, which brought her to the turn.
The challenger's cause was absolutely
hopeless when the derender rounded the
mark. The British boat was more than
two miles alee and coming slowly.
The time at the outer mark was: Re
liance, 3:00:37; Shamrock III., 3:21:00.
The Reliance led by twenty minutes
.and twenty-three seconds, barring time
allowance.
The Reliance \ at first reached home
ward under balloon jib; topsail and then
carried her spinnaker for a mile, only to
resort to the ballooner again. With
the wind, aft of the beam the main
sheet well In and the ballooner bellying
she made good; time and drew away
from the challenger until the wind soft
ened, when the speed of both slackened.
The Shamrock III caught a freshening
wind : first . and . cut down the Reliance's
Defender Is Half-Mile From Home
When Gun Sounds, With Sham
rock Five Times That
Distance Astern,*
Lack of Wind Causes a Pro
• longation of Lipton's
•L-X g£ \J LI j •
VIENNA. Aug. 31. — King Edward ar
rived here to-day from Marie:ibad and
was given an enthusiastic reception.
Emperor Francis Joseph, wearing the
uniform of the British Dragoon Guards
end accompanied by several Archdukes
and other notables, received King Ed
ward at the station. The King wore the
uniform of a colonel of Austrian Hus-
Ears. After the presentation of the
Archdukes and others tne two sover
eigns drove to the Hofburg In a lan
dau drawn by six horses.
At the Hofburg the King was received
by the Archdukes. Finance Minister Gol
choweki, the Austrian and Hungarian
Premiers and the court and state digni
taries. Thereafter the King retired to
his apartments, where he was officially
visited by the Emperor.
A state dinner In honor of King Ed
ward was given at the Hofburg to-night.
The company present Included the Em
peror, all the Archdukes and Arch
duchesses, the Ministers, diplomats and
the general staff of the army. Emperor
Francis Joseph toasted King Edward in
a speech, in the course of which he
hailed the latter's visit as a fresh pledge
for a continuance of the confidential re
lations which have Ions existed between
the two families and two countries and
which were all the firmer because there
was no political antagonism likely to
cast the shadow of a cloud upon them.
The King in response expressed his
thanks for the friendly sentiments ex
pressed toward him and th,e cordial re
ception he had met with, which he said
deeply touched him. He assured
the Emperor of the continuance of . the
feeling of friendship which he had In
herited from Queen Victoria and con
cluded by appointing Emperor Francis
Joseph a field marshal in the British
army.
This announcement created a deep 1m
pression and the. Emperor rose, bowed
and pressed King Edward's hand. Dur
ing the course of the dinner the mon
archs conversed with each other and
the guests in an animated manner.
Enormous crowds assembled outside the
palace, as they had done during the day.
NEW YORK. Aug. 31.— The fourth In
ternational Congress of Actuaries met In
this city to-day. The delegation includes
men from several foreign countries. Sec
retary of Commerce and Labor George B.
Cortelyou, who is an honorary member,
was delegated by the President to open
the stssfon and delivered an address. The
session will continue for the week.
After cordially greeting the delegates.
Secretary Cortelyou spoke briefly of tha
historical aspects of the insurance busi
ness and continued:
I am glad Indeed to greet you, not only ma
tha representative of the Government, but of
the Department of Commerce and Labor, which
is fortunate In participating at the beginning
of Its career in «o representative and note
worthy a meeting as this congress. Tha offi
cials of the ncx department will watch our
proceedings with great interest.
The address of Mr. Lepreux, president
of the permanent committee, was follow
ed by the election of the following officers
of the Congress:
President of the permanent committee.
O. L. Lepreux: secretary general of the
permanent committee. A. Begaul; honor
ary president. George B. Cortelyou; presi
dent of the congress, Israel Pelrson; gen
eral secretary, John Tatler; also vice
presidents for Belgium. Canada. France.
Germany, Great Britain. Norway and
Sweden. Holland, United States, Austria
and Italy.
A letter from President Roosevelt, ex
pressing regret at his inability to be pres
ent, was read and after a' brief address
by President Peirson and a discussion of
papers on "The Improvement in Longev
ity," an adjournment was taken.
The subject of the long discussion, "Im
provement in Longevity," was taken up
in the afternoon. Charlton T. Lewis said
that there were three general reasons
for the Improvement in longevity— the
better care that children received, tha
development In handling epidemics and
the vast Improvement in medical and
surgical science.
"We find," he said, "that the mortality
in particular diseases has been decreased
very greatly in the last forty years;
these influences are all alike In this re
spect, that all represent an Increase in
the vitality in the strong, but a diminu
tion of mortality among- the weak. The
number of weaklings is to-day therefore
greater, and the result Is a degradation
of the masses in the average."
F. L. Hoffman of Newark University
said in part:
"When we are told by a Secretary of
War that the mortality in Cuba is not
more than in the city of New York. It
does not require nvich knowledge to
smile and know that It is nonsense."
He declared that the statement that the
death rate of the city of Havana is no
greater than that of Washington City
is untrue. For sorr. ¦> time .o come the
death rate of Havana will be from 50 to
100 per cent greater than any northern
city.
Secretary Cortelyou Delivers
an Address to Insur
ance Men.
Reliance Pails to Regis
ter Third and Final
Victory.
Emperor Francis Joseph Is
Honored With z, Field-
Llarshalship.
British King Enthusias
tically Received at
Vienna,
Fourth International
• Session Meet in i
New York.
Mrs. Jennie White Takes Witness Stand and Identifies
Missives Written to Her by Jonathan White/Who Se
cured a Separation From Her Without Her Knowledge
CALMS AGAIN
MAKE FINISH
IMPOSSIBLE
AUSTRIA'S RULER
GREETS EDWARD
ACTUARIES HOLD
THEIR CONGRESS
LETTERS OF ENDEARMENT ARE READ
TO PROVE A DEEP LAID CONSPIRACY
¦<* THE SAN FRANCISCO CAM,, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1903.
GERMAN ROMAN
CATHOLICS END
DELIBERATIONS
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
Means the Best
KELLER PRICES
MEAN
THE LOWEST
COMPARED
TO QUALITY.
12^4C tbB Pair, with embnid-
ered stripes and figures; also effects
in pearl, grays and tans; ¦ Ow / ** "
25c quality., Keller's lAfeiz
price "™" w
IV EW e ever 'P°P u ' 3 ''
>ra 1 ¦ uhto sc f* Three-in-One
. FALL HAlO. shape. In black
steel and pearl, with fff\
blsck band. Keller's
price T*
Also fall block stiff hat; full
crown, medium set Qf% Efl
brim. Peer's price. . J|^»<J"
• T^
1028-1030 MARKET STREET,
San Francisco.
II 57- 11 59 Washington Street,
Oakland.
To*.v.ird civilization one long
step — Schilling's Best — ai
home and in trade.
Have you taken it ?
, Money bock.
TME £kl& of toughest steel
B ma. &Z*i becomes dalled
by constant use and must hsre a new
edge if it is to do good work. Constant
work dcll3 a man as it does an ax, makes
him sluggish of body and dull of mind.
He needs a tonic, _,_^^ mm^ —
something that will |^"^^^^^^j
restore the keenness I f I
of mind and activity I X*^
Dr.Pierce'sGoldenl fl^-fcVJ? I
Medical Discovery L-^gft «^ *fas^ I
puts, new life into p?M*~/j^l
weak, worn-out, run* kuSbtcL *n"^wH ' I
down men and | *t^ C' I
women. It streegth- BLr smBmc >»y|n I
ens the weak stom- K|gji§>**yy\(/¥g; J
ach, purifies the a(vtfg\v \hb
blood, and effect- IflSgi
ively stimulates the JBHm ]B
sound, solid flesh by P^ra'swJ) G^VI
the use of "Golden rS^SE. ItFi
Medical Discovery." PP* 1^ "™ "^* I
bed for four months LqnAW 1 BBS!
from Jantjary irt, 1809. jgtilKi \W\\\TfNSSlk
and commenced to taie BSjjP \ I jifiilJB fffla
your medicina January fretjftvl ml iff I £& IS
**h. i^9,» write* Mrs. |l|§gJ!N-3? 3 /»
Po'plarbluft M<x* "I I I '2ii I Hulftt
took eight bottles of Dr. f\gg 1 1x3 SB
Pierce's Golden Med- BSflS I Iffl MStt
icat Discovery, foar of BBV rlt VI 52
'Favorite Prescription,' EB?9 III T/f»i3
two via'.s of Pleajcnt """CjW?Q I H 1 Mi
Pellets.' and one bottle TffSsa. In /MSs
of Doctor Pierre's Com- \ vF±r*2f{] /flS* I
pound Extract of Smart- * ///teS»l
weed, as a liniment. |j5a5SiLJL*J-£l2
Indigestion, ' obstinate
constipation, and hardening of the liver wu my
trouble. I am at this time able to do ahnost any
kind of house work. Your raedicice saved me
from my grave. Thanks to you for the benefit.
My case was hopeless when Ibegan taking your
medicine."
Don't be fooled into trading a sub-
stance for a shadow. Any substitute
offered as "just as good" as w Golden
Medical Discovery, 1 ' is a shadow of that
medicine. There are ctxres behind every
claim made for the " Discovery," which
no n just as gootf* medicine " can show.
Biliousness is cured by the use of Dr.
Pierce'a Pleasant PeHeta.TAL.ENTED AND* POPULAR ACTRESSES ARE PLAYING AT LOCAL
PLAYHOUSES AND CONTRIBUTING TO THE ENTERTAINMENT OF.
THE THEATER-GOING. PUBLIC OF SAN FRANCISCO.
The programme for. this afternoon's
symphony concert is especially interest
ing . as it contains four compositions . of
great musical value. The overture of the
concert will be the : famous ' "Flying
Dutchman Overture" • by Wagner, and
there will be two symphonies. One of
these will be Mozart's E fiat major sym
phony-' and the other will be. the well
known "Unfinished Symphony", by Schu-
To-Day'9 Symphony.
"Standing. room only" is still the word
at the entrance to Fischer's little comic
opera establishment. This is the last
week of "Quo'Vass Iss" and "The Big
Little Princess." Next week another
double bill of this sort of * side-splitters
takes the boards with, all the old favor
ites in the cast. The new musical director
of Fischer's Theater to succeed popular
Harry James is Robert Hood Bowers,
known in the musical .world as Robert
Hood. Mr. Bowers is but 26 years of age,
but has already achieved success as a
composer of music. He has composed the
music, for ".The Paraders," "Rubes and
Roses," "Tom-tom," "The Prince Con
sort," "Kitty Tralone," and ."The Mum
my and "the Maid," in addition to four
new productions which will be announced
1h the near future. Nearly all of the
•above named productions will be put on
at Fischer's Theater this fall and winter.
Besides his musical productions Mr. Bow
ers has composed more than 100'instru
mental pieces and fully as marry' vbcaf
numbers which have become very "popu
lar throughout the country. Mr. Bowefs
has a great experience for his age as an
orchestra conductor and has organized
three large orchestras in/ the' Middle
States which are still In existence.' "The
Tenderfoot," the musical comedy now
running in Chicago with', great ' success,
was scored for orchestra by Mr. Bowers.
Fischer's.
bill at the Orpheum. Chief .among the
entertainers , is V T. Nelson Downs, who
certainly lives up to his title of "King of
Coins." Lew. Bloom does a' clever tramp
act and the rest of an Interesting pro
grammt is in the able. hands of Jane
Cooper, Sam* Edwards,, the Fleury trio.
La Vine-Cameron trio; Edwin Keogh, who
combines the legitimate with vaudeville;
Dorothy Ballard, John Larklns, Dora
Patterson and Marguerite and Hanley.
• "• -• . Orpheum.
. There 1b plenty .to amuse in'thl3 week's
Selten being artistic pictures of the au
thor's - creations. As the ¦ house was
crowded and delighted last night, so will
it be during the remainder of the week,
for as- good a "Camille" in its entirety
has been seen but seldom in San' Fran
cisco. • v. - -
The regular engagement of "Every
rrrjj," the fifteenth century morality
play . brought to this country by Charles
Frohman, will begin at Lyric Hall to
morrow nigkt. This afternoon and even
ing the play -will be acted in the Harmon
Gymnasium at Berkeley before the fac-"
ulty and students of California Univer-
Lyric HalL
The Chutes entertainment offered a va
riety of new features yesterday. • George
Austin, a comedy wire walker, caused
both large audiences, afternoon and even-
Ing, to indulge in hearty laughter, as did
also Spauldlng, programmed '-'the man
with the. cuff." Epaulding's wor.k must
needs be seen to be appreciated. The Ol
eon.brothers proved excellent banjo play
ers. 1 their selections showing what can
be done with the pigskin Instrument The
Juggling Mathieus, Loraln and Howell,
styled "the elastic sweils"; Edward Poull
ter,- "Happy Hooligan"; Jeesie Dale, the
illustrated song singer, and the anlmato
scope with new moving pictures com
pleted an excellent programme. The
amateurs will appear on Thursday night.
Chutes.
Dr. MclTor-Tyndall's lectures on prac
tical psychology increase in popularity.
The famous psychic has succeeded in in
teresting the intellectual cult of the city
In the problems he expounds so entertain
ingly, with the result that one must se
cure reserved seats in advance in order
to be sure of obtaining admission. At
Bteinway Hall next Sunday night Dr.
Mdvor-Tyndall will again entertain with
experiments in the/ power of thought,
while the lecture preceding the demon
strations will, by invitation of Dr. Mc-
Ivor-Tyndall, be given by Dr. Albert J.
Atkins, the young San Francisco physi
cian whose recent discovery that it is
not oxygen that gives life to the blood
has caused a sensation In medical and
ecientific circles. Dr. Atkins will tell of
bis discovery in a lecture on "Human
Electrici ty."
Tyndall's Entertainment.
FLORENCE ROBERTS reappeared
at the Alcazar "Theater last even
ing and secure^ a welcome that'
expressed itself in several cart-
loads of flowers* and a multitude
of curtain calls. The latter were_.so per
sistent that a speech was evidently the
only way to quiet the Roberts admirers.
It was a great opening night In point
of numbers. Every seat In the house was
taken and the standing room in the rear
was also occupied. When Florence
Roberts had all the flowers that had been
handed up to the stage properly arrayed
they made a bank that -extended nearly*
the whole width of the stage floor. She
came out, put a friendly hand upon the
biggest floral emblem of the lot, on which
was the Inscription "Welcome Home,"
and made a n.eat little talk.
"I- am glad that you are glad," she
said. "I thank you. If I.snould talk
half an hour it would be but variations
of that. These flowers will fade, their
perfume will fail, but the memory j of
this welcome will not fade; its perfume
will "be In my heart forever."
It was a Florence Roberts night in. all
particulars. The stock company rallied
around her as well as the writing of the
lines of the play would permit, but the
star part was entirely dominant from
beginning to end'. The stpry is one of
almost "unbroken woe. The discarded
wife, who creeps back to her home that
she may see Jier daughter, who supposes
her to be dead, this being on the daugh
ter's" wedding eve, -is the central motive.
This emotional' situation was handled,
with.- -much, cleverness. . Woe ranged
through the 'gamut and. tears were
commanded. at will. The work of the
leading rolejwa's clean cut and judicious.
It caught '.the audience strongly. Hope'
anfl despair- vibrated in the" lines Just
frequently enough to .• keep the emo
tional interest on. edge, When .the end
came and .the. curtain fell, upon the play
just at' the .moment when all that "The
Unhappy Mrs. Hatch" could have hoped
for in the way of bliss was at hand and
she died, overcome with illness, the
house had lost none of Its crowding au
ditors. They stayed, one and all, until
there was no more chancejto be stirred.
Judging from all precedents and the
manner in which "The Unwelcome Mrs.
Hatch'" was received last evening it will
have a successful fun to' good nightly
business. It has all the peculiar twinges
that inhere in- a plot that provides for
the expulsion from her home of the un
fortunate discarded wife the second time;
that includes a romance in which the
suffering Mrs. Hatch refuses to accept an
eligible offer of marriage for fear that
she will drag down the man that she has
learned to love. Then there is a flicker
of gaycty, which soon goes out,-attend
ant upon the coming of the bridesmaids
to the wedding of the daughter. Also
there Is a scene in a park, where a lot
of boys and girls do stunts in a dramatic
way, that takes the house for their pure
ingenuousness. Marie Howe did" cleverly
with the part of the servant. Virginia
Brissac was . a nice little . stage bride.
Walter. Belasco .was in \ the park scene,
as a tramp, and is desperately made up
for the part.
#4^-W^-Irl"M»H"l"I"l"I-H»H"I"l"I-»
a pleasing basso, rather of the cantante
order, that he used with ample taste and
ease.. ..'• . ' .•'¦
It should be said that the ensemble
¦work of the evening was excellent. -The
principals showed a lovely familiarity
with their roles, rarely stopping to regard"
the fraternal baton of Brother Steindortf,
and the chorus work also showed the ef
fect of long and careful rehearsal. It was
throughout a triumphal evening. *
"Lucia," with the alternating cast, will
be done to-night.^ ¦ ¦ ¦-.¦: .•...,
BI*ANCHE PARTINTON.
SAX DIEGO, Aug. 31.— It has Just been
learned that the death of Andrew Thomp
*on of Chula Vista, which occurred last
week at the little town of Murietta, in
Riverside County, was caused by his be
ing poisoned by eating canned salmon.
Poisoned by Canned Salmon.
NAPA, Aug. 31.— Antonio Tussl. a na
tive of Italy, aged 27 years, was killed this
efternoon at the Standard Cement Works
at Napa Junction by an electric shock
He was explaining the workings of the
big motors to some of his countrymen and
thoughtlessly grasped two wires, thv3
closing the circuit. He was killed in-
Etantly. One of the - other men attempted
to drag him away from the wires and was
knocked down by the electricity. A third
Ban who went to the assistance of the
second was also injured. Deceased leavea
a widow and two daughters in Italy.
Carelessly Grasps Two Live Wires
While Conducting Visitors
Through Plant.
ELECTEIC SHOCK KILLS
THOUGHTLESS WORKMAN
Beautifu l Floral Pieces
for a Popular Ac
tress Line the Stage
Our old friend Dado, for whom a spe
cial round of plaudltory .greeting stopped
the wheels of the opera for some mo
ments, sang the King's part," of course,
Just as it should be sung.
He generously stepped aside to allow
the new basso, Travagllni, to make his
bo w . as the . high priest. Trava ellni has
1 HEARTILY wished ther'e were" tliree
• of me last night. .Why Mrs. Hatch
.was- "unwelcome" (at the Alcazar)
'.- appealed as being" a 'distinctly inter
esting * question, particula'rly with'
Florence Roberts to answer • it. 'Then,
again, at the Columbia the year's growth
in Margaret Anglin's Camille was a mat
ter of .fascinating moment. But there was
grand opera round the corner. There
was "Alda." There was the Tivoli's new
company of buoyant, bubbiing Italians, .
and .an .audience that cannot be matched
this side of Milan. And who would miss'
a Tivoli opening night for aught savo
Grau. No San Franciscan with the small
est musical kink in his ear.
Last night's *was quite the usual sort of
festival, with .its dlthyrambrc enthusi
asms and general 'joy. The audience ran
over the rim of the house and propped up
the walls. Just as usual. The standees
shouted "Bis!" with the same unabated
gayety and stamped as cheerfully as ever
their tired soles. The chatter that invad
ed the overtures was as promptly hissed,
the profane smoker as promptly sup
pressed. Thfc new people were all wel
comed with the same .paeans, and Mr.
Steindorff was as usual decked with the
triumphant laurels.
It is early to say, and last night's per
formance was of course not the best there
will be, but it would appear that tills
company that is to sine the reouiem of
the little old opera-house around the cor
ner, that Is to sing the natal song of the
new Tivoli, is one of the best that we
•have had. Perhaps— nay undoubtedly—
Adamo Gregoretti, the barytone of the
cast, was the star among last night's
new people. Cregoretti .has been herald
ed as a "second Salassa," as. what that
splendid old artist was In his prime.
Therefore, when one says that .this dif
ficult comparison does . not offend . after
hearing the new barytone is to say much
for Messer Gregoretti. He Is much
younger than Salassa, not yet the superb
artist, and possibly never the splendid
actor that the grand old man was, but
he has a voice that reminds in its round 1
ness", resonance and smoothness of the
Salassa organ. . It is more -powerful, but
handled with the same ease, and there
is again the same delightful certainty of
Intonation. Neither is there the shadow
of the vicious vibrato, and the voice from
end to end .is beautifully- even. Tills is
the beginning of the -Gregoretti Amon
asro, • and the rest "makes all* for an
excellent interpretation of the One role.
The new barytone was received* with ut
most enthusiasm. • ' • p.?'<
Lina de Benedetto was the Aida of .the
cast and shows herself *a Very 'fortunate
addition to the, Tivoli's role of fame.
Benedetto has a " powerful dramatic so
prano, as round as she is, wide in range,
and sympathetic, in- quality. "Its volume
seems endless and its lower notes are of
remarkable fullness and beauty. Not al
ways are the 'tones "qutte even and occa
sionally the soprano sacrifices tonal beau
ty to the -"dramatic exigency, but some
of her mezzo voices^ are as'limpidly beau
tiful as Gadskl's own,- and her sustained,
high notes a triumph of powerful sweet
ness. The singer shows .a sympathetic
arid vigorous dramatic sense, her make
up was good and. she has a smile that is
a particularly e'ngaging asset -Shfeis a
roly-poly little person -as .to ; stage pres
ence, but handles herself "with, charming
dignity. * ¦ .
Cleo MarchesinJ is., the • new . con
tralto, and sang Amneris 'with much
success. Her voice- shows . slight signs
of wear, but- is^ *a'_ large, '".round organ,
dramatic in quality and- wltli low
tones of exceptional power and- richness.
Marchcslni's acting of the rolo was .much
better than usually falls to its lot/ and
the famous scene between Amneris and
Aida in the second act aroused much
more than its usual meed of applause.
She, too, must be reckoned- among tne
valuable members of ,th«neyr .company.
The tenor, again, Ischlerdo; is also .well
among the best tenors ••' the Tivoli has
known. He'is-a person of .^tremendous
dignity, handsome. $tage presence and
with a bright, -powerful <.voica that re
minds somewhat of Emilio de TJarchi's.
His Radanes is dramatically also very suc
cessful, and he is the role's best vocal ex
ponent for some years. He was applaud
ed—well, wildly, is the most modest term.
Barytone Gregoretti
Seems to Be Star
of the Organization
CUT AT DAGXTERRE POINT
WILL BELIEVE LEVEES
Btate Debris Commissioner Waggoner
Withdra-srs His Objections and '
"Work Will Proceed.
SACRAMEXTO. Aug. Cl.-The meeting
of th« State Board of Examiners that
was to have been held at noon to-mor
rcw for the purpose of hea^Jng the pro
ponents and objectors to thi* proposed cut
at Daguerre Point, above Marysville, irf
Yuba County, has been declared off. The
army engineers and nearly every cne else
Interested In the matter were, in favor
cf the cut. as it would relieve the levee
In and around Marysville during flood wa
ter season. State Debris Commissioner
Waggoner, however, objected to the con
iract fcr the work being" approved on
the cround that to make the excavation
for the cut would be a waste of public
mono 1 .
The Governor nnd other members of
the Etate Board of Examiners visited th?
Elte oi the proposed cut on last Satur
day end after making a thorough inspec
tion expressed themselves as being in fa
vor cf approving the contract.
E!nce the visit to Daguerre Point State
Eebris CommisEicner Waggoner has
changed his mind and in a communica
tion to the Suite Board of Examiners
recommends that the contract, calling for
an expediture of $158,000 for the construc
tion of the cut, be approved, which the
board cJ course will do.
Edwcrd Malley of San Francisco was
Accordingly, Valenzuela was purposely
allowed to escape, and when he ran but
a short distance was shot dead, pierced
by the bullets from four rifles. His dead
body was taken to Nog-ales for identifi
cation, as a large reward had been of
fered for his capture, dead or alive. Va
lenzuela killed a comrade at Santa Cruz
last iJanuarv, but this was only one of
the raany crimes he had committed since
that time. His pal, Enciso, was arrested
the same day by the United States mount
ed inspector at Arivaca. Ariz., held to the
Grand Jury for smuggling and placed in
Jail at Tucson. This rids the border of
two bad outlaws who have infested that
part of the country for several years.
He was traced by the rurales to a place
called Santa Cruz, on the Mexican Bide,
not far from Nogales. Valenzuela was
discovered by the rurales concealed in
an adobe hut in Santa Cruz in which
there were several women. This fact.pre
vented a killing on the epot, as the com
mander of the Mexican soldiers had re
solved to make short work of the out
law.when caught. He had been captured
lest February and placfd in the Nogales
(Sonora) jail, but with two white prison
cre had sawed his way out and escaped.
For this reason the leader of the rurales
had decided not to trust him to a Jail a
second t'me.
TUCSON, Ariz., Aug. SI.— A troop of
Mexican rurales - dealt out Quick Justice
to Fernando Valenraela, vrhom they cap
tured at Sana. Cruz, Sonora, last Sunday
afternoon. Valcnruela ¦was noted as the
¦worst desperado along the border," and
his pal, Henry Enciso, was a .cunning
smuggler. Natchez Roches, a Mexican
trader, was murdered while traveling 1 be
tween Lochiel and Cananea about a week
e.go and the rurales traced the crime to
Valenzucla, who had committed <at least
five or eix murders along the line within
the last few monthe. He had become ex
ceptionally bold of late and had killed
peveral men on the highways.' The mur
dered trader had .Riven him a. ride on his
wagon, and after shooting his benefactor
in the back Valc-nzuela robbed him of all
the money he had In his possession, left
him dead at the side of the highway arid
rode eff on one of his horses. . . ¦ . % ¦
Is Purposely Allowed to : Es
cape and Then Used
as a Target.
Arizona Outlaw Riddled
by Bullets of Mexi
can Rurales.
QUICK JUSTICE
FOR DESPERADO
TIVOLI'S GRAND OPERA SEASON OPENS WITH A SPLENDID COMPANY
AND ALCAZAR AGAIN PRESENTS THE FAVORITE, FLORENCE ROBERTS
LOVELORN PAIR
JUMP INTO RIVER
Tie Hands Together and
Drop Into the Water
From Bridge.
Man Repents and 1 Swims to
Shore, Dragging Woman
With Him.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SPOKANE, Wash., Aug. 13.— Wlthi
hands tied together Mike Brogan, a
soldier at Fort Wright, and Lulu Hoff
man, 17 years old, sought to end their
love troubles this morning by jumping
from the foot bridge at Natatorium Park
into the Spokane River. Their Jump was
witnessed by a mail carrier for Fort
Wright, who a minute before had Jeered
at them as they stood on the bridge. The
letter carrier dashed madly into the- park,
where he summoned several laborers and
rushed back to drag the lovelorn pair
from tno water. Their services were
hardly necessary, because Brogan as soon
as his feet touched the water, repented,
wriggled himself partly free from tho,
bindings and began swimming toward
shore, dragging the woman with him.
More dead than alive the two were
dragged from the water. The young
woman was rolled on the bank for a few
minutes and taken to the engine room
at the baths, where she was given a
change of garments. Brogan was placed
under arrest and Is now In the guard
house.
According to the young woman, she has
been smitten with Brogan, but he did not
reciprocate her affections. The two met
this morning and Brogan unfolded- his
story. He told her that hla sweetheart
had Jilted him, that he could not Iovq
Miss Hoffman and urged that the two
end their troubles by jumping from the
bridge together. After an hour's urging
the girl consented to Brogan'a plan.
bert. Instead of Mendelssohn's- "Spring
Overture," which Is rather difficult, it haa
been decided to substitute A new ar
rangement of the Rheindaughter trio
from "Rhelneold."
The novelties at this concert will be
Max Schilling's prelude to act II from
Zugwelde, and Edvard ' Grieg's symphonic
dance No. 4. These works are especially
pretty and artistic and will please every
one anxious to hear good music. It ap
pears that the attendance at thesa sym
phony concerts is growing rapidly and
judging from the advance sale-, the at
tendance will be even greater than at the
last concert. There cannot ba any doubt
of the fact that Scheel is the most pop
ular and most efficient symphony con
ductor we ever had In San Francisco and
the public Is manifesting this fact very
forcefully Just now.
Central.
The limit of the sensational and spec
tacular was reached at the Central The
ater last night in the production on a
stupendous scale of Augustin Daly's big
New York success, "The Great Ruby."
The scenes were as thrilling as the lurid
posters of the play could lead one to ex
pect and the guarantees of the advance
notices were more than fulfilled. The
performance Is elaborate and expensive.
There Is a whole jewelry store for the
setting of the first act and in the scenes
that follow the players ride about In
genuine automobiles, on bicycles antt in
tallyhos and victorias. Theii are four
in-hands, single teams and saddle horses
and, as if all the splendid turnouts men
tioned were not enough for the
wild, mad chase, "The Great Ruby" is
finally carried up in a balloon, and this
balloon ascension is the grand clizriax of
the drama. In fact this balloon scene
is seldom surpassed on any stage for
realistic effects. The two arch conspir
ators. Prince Kasslm (Herschel Mayall)
and Morris Longman (Henry Schumer).
are driven to desperation. They hold
the priceless ruby, and to cheat the pur
suing detectives they cut loose in a bal
loon .which an aeronaut has left ready
for flight. S The city sinks below them
and they quarrel as they mount" upi into
the clouds and Prince Kasslm hurls his
antagonist down to destruction. This
scene made the'lmmense audience Wildly
enthusiastic and a half dozen curtain
calls followed. The cast is- a very long
one. There are forty speaking parts and
over, 100 people in the production. The
costumes of the ladies axe elegant. Miss
Eugenie. Thais Lawton was charming as
Lady ; Gamett. ambitious to shine In the
smart set. and Miss Genevieve Kane was
very effective as the adventuress. "The
Great Ruby" is the kind of a perform
ance that the .Central folk fairly revel
In. -It fills the bill in every respect and
will pack the house all the week.
Grand Opera-House.
A. very enjoyable evening can be spent
at the Grand Opera-house any night this
week. Pollard's Lilliputian Opera Com
pany. i3 there with "The Belle of New
York." Every one of the numerous little
Pollards is a clever actor jand the other
little ones in the cast are equally as good.
California.
The clever company at the California
Theater scored another pronounced suc
cess last night in Henry Arthur Jones'
play, "Mrs. Dane's Defense." 4 The the
ater was crowded and the principals re
ceived several curtain calls.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, \ :m TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1903.
.."..-artistic/ variety. so # well as the
Interesting and popular .but impossible
creation of ihe° younger Dumas .named
from its. pfinpipal character, "Camiile,"
the traviata, who. loves so well that she
.sacrifices that love* -to please the father
of the loved one and plunges into sin /or
the principal purpose of disgusting the
man who would redeem her and' incident;
ally for the replenishment of her empty
purse. But despite' the absurdly incon
gruous and altogether unnatural sacri
fice Camille has attained a hold on the
popular, heart .wherever there are the
aters and- theatergoers. Women, wept
last night with Margaret Anglin over
the love-sick sorrow or the gay Paris*
ienne. They not only pitied, but were
willing to embrace the charming actress,
who with the trick of natural tears
cpuld moye them almost out of the deca
logue, for. Anglin's. Camille is warm,
human and breathing. Her exquisite art
makes pf the tinseled wanton an angel
in robes of white samite, and the people
who look on shed sympathetic tears and
are not ashamed nor shocked. Five cur
tain calls and a thunder shower 6f hand
clapping after the tense, heart-rending
third act she won' and won on merit.
Gliding, smiling-, and softly sobbing
.through the various phases of emotion,
the gifted actress compelled the critical
audience .to acknowledge her power. • ¦
Mr. Miller in. his excellence differs
from most of the Armand Duvals that
have been seen here or late years. He is
intensely in earnest and makes love to
Camille as though he meant if, as
though it were an important piece of
business that must be transacted in a
businesslike way. So likewise when his
thoughts change from love to revenge
upon his rival he is; also. terribly in ear
nest, and literally pelts the' crouching
Camille with the gold pieces as he show
ers her- with contemptuous reproaches.
He is . splendidly enraged, picturesquely
Indignant, yet never overflows into . the
river of rant. The great fourth act . Is
the clfmax of the play.J What follows is
but the gentle ; descent' toward the end.
The support " is worthy of all: praise,
.the Monsieur Duval of • George S.Tith
cradge and the Saint Gaudens of Morton
THERE is har'dly a play in the
extensive repertoire of Mar
garet Anglln that affords her an
. . f -. opportunity, of .exhibiting . lier
4
ADVERTISEME1ITS.
f^ REMOVAL SALE LIST.
I We have a trouble story to tell to-day, but it will pay you to listen to it. As you know, we are closinsr
I w l S U^ ? ntir !. S^° ck m ° rder 1° facil ' tat e the wo / k oi moving to our new" building on Post and Kearny streets^
I . We.had intended to move on September ist, and ordered, our new stock accordingly. It is now verv evident
B thatwewil start tc .move about September loth Imagine then our consternation when four carloads of
I Pianos, the Knabe, Kohler & Chase and Kohler & Campbell, came tumbling in upon us yesterday
¦ . morning. We had hoped for the usual delay in transits, but they came through on schedule time They
1 must be added to the sacrifice list. . We have not and will not make any reservations. 7
I ALL PIANOS GREATLY REDUCED
I NEW PIANOS $95.00 UP - - - - - . . SECOND-HAND PIANOS $25.00 UP.
I ; CA $ H 0R EASY TERMS. Store Open Evenings This Week.
IpPgp^ * Aeolian, Pianolas
p^m?K?ll]/DKSCIIASBSs^3
|| OMxy/hTia I ESTABLISHED IN 1S5O \ AJm/JTame \from ..-San. ' Francisc.6 *' .considered.'-.'t'his
statement.' open -'tb-'co'ntraSl'ctlon .'and
strolled about eating all .the' watermelon'
in^ sight, paid .-the-. 'highes.fi. pr.lce -for: •¦a"
•reserve --seat on. ;".. the- bar; refrigerator,
6p>ned.'and closed, the door'oh. himsel/:or'
.Hn-ything'jplse f(j'crea.te'a-«draught. ••"._.¦ •".
.•' Then, 'too, .the-" Occident stake, which
£h'is .year -was.'.worth '.$3320,"'prOv.ed; a
majhietio'-attractlori"!'.' : *.: -:'•; '.-.••' '..;•..
• :."?<Tnei. splendidly! bred 3-ye'aXrMd. trot.-
f te'rs.. icon tested}, for -the "pj-lze. of wjilch
amount $2ol2 : wer,t-'to -the win'ner. $.1050,
to''the"'. second and .'. '5352 to .' ; the .third
.horse. .¦ Tuna; -the. bay. daughter of James
Madifiori, -rep.paled. her. victory- of., last
week at Pe/taliima.. • and. superbly driven
by Henry .- Sanders,'- -brother." to- " -'Two
Minute" Sanders- . of Lou Dillon fame,'
stepped, three" winning, heats .in 2:18U",
2:23*2 and 2:18,- losing" the second to
Swift B. . .."" .• •" ";.; ' • . •' " "
"• As it was figured that -last Friday's
race did not benefit Tuna Swift B was
made favorite in, the auction pools;
bringing 10, Tuna V and the field 7. In
the opening heat Swift B led Tuna Into
the stretch, where he-, left- his feet,
caused by a broken checx, and Tuna won
easily. Swift B was second. The Jester
third, and as Sanders behind the win
ner took back none all of the others
were flagged.
FILLY SHOWS GAMENESS.
Just after the word in the second heat
Tuna made' a mistake, and, as Sanders
made no try for this heat, Swift B scored
bands down In 2:22. Tuna now sold for
$10 and the other two for the same
amount. J. W. Zibble, behind Swift B,
tested the courage of Tuna to the utmost
in the next two heats, but the filly proved
equal to the emergency, and after trot
ting almost head and head to the stretch,
outstayed and out-trotted the. colt, for In
each of the last two heats the latter left
his feet about a furlong from the' wire.
Before the trio w-as called for the last
heat Tuna was a 10 to' 3 choice.
L As"; was.-. promised -by Acting Secretary
i Lowden,-.. the"-' ring was.- -almost entirely
op'en, : ingress- : .and",.egress being had from
one side arid' either, end. Four books cut
In, Henry Wend t. representing George
Rose,' being one of the layers. Al Leach
handled the auction pool end of the game
: and a combination book al£o had an exist
ence.;'¦; In the judges' etand B. P. Rush
: presided, with Frank Covey of Palo Alto
as. associate. Dick Havey started" both
the harness horses and the runners, his
work as usual being very satisfactory.
Frank Delong and William Lamport did
the clocking.
Things broke very nicely in the green
class pace for Jonesa Basler, the favorite,
and the brown horse. attached himself to
the big end of the. purse without great ef
fort.. The first Heat fell to Demonia, in
•which. Presiding . Judge Rush is inter
ested, the stallion getting a. mark of 2:11^4.
lie finished a creditable third in the sec
ond heat and- then had to -be withdrawn.
Jonesa Bnsler won his heats in command
ing, fashion. .
FAVORITE IS BEATEN.
A five and a half furlong scramble in
troduced the' runners. . Little Margaret,
from the stable of Caesar Young, was a
3 to 6 chance in the betting,' but Burk
got her away all tangled up and she fin
ished a distant third. See shot away in
front on Edinborough, leading to within
a furlong ' from the stand, where Hen
derson, <?n the 11 to 1-shot Heathrf Honey,
collared the big brown, and ridden out,
won by half a length. • .
But six started in the flve-f urlong. dash
for two-year-olds, and, it proved only. a
cat'hop for the 1 to 2 favorite H. L. Frank.
Hildebrand piloted the short priced one
and cutting out all the running was
eased up at the wire nearly three lengths
before . Annie Marie, the second choice.
Metlakatla ran third.-
Burk had the distinguished honor, of
piloting another 1 to 2 chance In the'elx
furlong selling sprint. He tossed the' leg
First 'race, trotting, green class— Louise
Crorier. George G, Sproul, Deputy. Bocnlbrook,
Moor Rose. 7 Get Away. Lady MadlEon, Tom
"second race, pace, 2:13 class — Banker's
Daughter • Smuggler.- Monroe Rose, Demonla,
Pcnrose, Pinky H. Colonel Smith. j
• Third race four and a half . furlongs, two- »
year-olds selling — Maude Browne ltti, Easter
Lady 103, Dusty Rhodes 106. Pat Bulger 106.
Henoma 103, Dr. Blrdsall : 111, Hope Hogan
103.. Charles Schwett 106. . : - .
Fourth race. Morton Stake, six furlongs — Tug
Martin 101. . Kenllworth 122. Hagerdon 112.
Fifth race hve and a half furlongs—Edln
borough 112, 8t, Phlllppina' 109, Isabelllta 89,
Merwan 101, Quldado 112,:.Elfln King 102.
Sixth race seven furlongs, selling— Dark Se.
cret 10* ' Dr.: Shorb' 112. Flamero U>4, Leo
Maxtm 104. Buck Taylor 101, Chlleno 104, Lit
tle Gun l>6. ¦ . • . .
• Seventh race, five ani a half furlongs, "all
•ges.' Belling— Light Brold 107. Duke 107. Mor
mon Duke ¦ 107. Dwight Way 112, Mamie 0'J. .
Doris 88. F. Hilca 107. . .
(Hodges) . •• Dls-
Duplicate. Wk. c, by McKlnney
(J. Smith) Dis.
Biomwell, ch. c, by Sidney Dil
lon (Culoetlo) : Dis.
Time, 2:18V4. 2:22. 2:23Va. 2:1S.
SECOND RACE— Pacing, green class, heats
three In five, purse f50o: " . % • • •;..,-.- ? - ¦• .¦
Jonesa Baslen br. h.. by Robert
Pasler-Black Diamond (Wai- , -
ton) • ..i-.«. •••«•••••••••••• 3 1 t l 1
Ira. br. r.. by Iris (Maben).... 5 2 >2 r.o.
Colonel C, b. 8; "• bjr Glen way
ILlggetO- ..;....-..... ** 3 r.o.
.Den;on!a;-.b..,h.;.., by,. Charles ,.:;••"• ;
. ".Derby:: (Hoy).'". ".-. :....-'.•.;. . ... 1 .3- .dr.- .
Edwin^S,".rch.-.g.;-by : Dr.-Hick8 :; T - : -..-¦/
• :.-<C)anlels);; : --..:.-'..'.'.:;.i.'.V.... - -dr. • •.
.•Mlldred<;..Ober/:. • by ¦': Secretary. •;.•-•;.• « .' ,-• ¦..
.".(J; : ,W.. Zibble)".::::. V. c .. '..::••.•. dls. ". : . .,
r'T&e; 2:il}i..2tl2^i'2U». ;^0, : ;;,,.>" ¦,^.- J
• THIRD>'RACE." "6# furlongs, purse ;$22JK
a' teaeh'sbr.. f.; Heather Honey; IWJ. by-. Odd;
Ffllow-Annle Clark,:il-;to'.l. (Henderson),'. wpn;
EdthborflUKh; :br." h...-112 :(See), '8, to -l^second",
' U tUe. M*'t sra'ret. .. ch; \\t :. 100. (Burk). ;. 4 ;to. 10.
•ttiird.. Tlme.;a;C8»^V ;Merwan.lU ••Tamm 111.
Uttle Secret' 117, Jack •RtchlleuVJr.llT.and.Von:
Zollern M2, also. ran,.-.. '.:."•;.'.¦. -*.?:".\ •"'.¦-:•.¦» O'i-; "
•KOURTII^KACE; five -furlongs,, two-year-olds
burse S225—D. Cameron's, ch. ?g. H. 1* -Frank,".
108 by Mariner-Plumerla (Hildebrand). 1 .to
2 first; Annie Marie, b. f., 105 (Tullett). 3 to
1 second; Metlakatla, br. f.. 105 (Burk), 6 to
l'. third, time, 1^01^. Zyret 105. Homeric
108 and Eva D 105 also ran.*
FIFTH RACE, six furlongs, selling, purse $22o
— V Gilbert's ch. g. Troy, 110, by Shannon-Lulu
IV '(Hildebrand). 4 to 1. first; Royal ,F, br. h.,
110 (Bennett), 20 to 1, second; Flamero, ch. g.,
107 (Tullett). '7 to 1. third. ¦ Time, 1:14»4.
Honduran 104. E. M. Brattain 113, Kitty Kelly
105 and Wandering Boy 112 also ran. I
SIXTH RACE. mile, selling, purse $225— George
Martin's b. m. Dollie Weithoff, 105, by Dark
Days-Flora Myers (Henderson), 2 to 1, first;
David S, b. g.. 110 (Burk). 5 to 2, -second;
Cambaceres, blk. g.. 115 (Howlson). 3 to 2,
third. Malpalqulta 105. Gold Scratch 110, Dr.
Short '110. Dark Secret 103 and Chenano 103
ENTRIES FOB TUESDAY, SEPT. 1.
Boy's Hip. Broken by'Streetcari.
•Chester Johnson," -6' yeJvrs -old, -. who
lives 'with- his. parents. at 703 Tennessee
street, -was : severely injured . yesterday
afternoon on Kentucky street, near Nine
teenth, .by -an Eighth street trolley car.
Johnson, with other boys .sibout his own
age. was crossing" the street .when" a
south-bound car, in charge of Motorman
John Leach, knocked him .down; fracfu'r
ing the bone, of his right hip. \The little
fellow was removed to tho home of his
parents, where he was attended by Dr.
Smith. Sergeant Lewis of the Potre.ro
police station arrested the motorman
and charged him with battery.
Vacation Delays Sentences.
¦ :;'gfycral ¦prisoners" were an Judge .Law:
fGr'f calendar for- sentence, yesterday.
rr.brm'ng'i but 'as the' Judge will- leave, to
iiipht' "oil -his vacation' a!l cases were con
>;rru«: d' : tilt 'October.' 17: ' Thie J.udsre -'.will:
rf-rj^nd.'scm'e.tiriie-at Yellowstone- Park 'and
will, then go East. *• v " • '. ¦¦'¦.",
. ' .yij ACRAiiEXTO; . A«r.; "'.. 3J.— .The
..'•C^! : .'-flfUeth. annual' State Fair .opened'
¦ V ";rH^ to-day- -at ¦Agricultural P'ark-'un
' £^^'\ d.er .very favorable auspices.-' |The
\t •."•v'.atXehdancia "kM' abrJve-the.'ayer-
•for a- ."first, "day and; the" 'inhabitant!;
.' of this. valley. pronouiTce'd. v the weather.
¦'pleasant, ..'but riot -warm;; '-The •visitor
Assistaiit''Gauger Wanted.;
".The*. Vnltcd-' States; Civil Service* Com
missio^- li'nnouilces that-. Tin ex.amiha.tron
wirji-be/held in. trris'cl.ty September 30,. fcr
.the' position 'ql 'a'sslstaYit «auger- in five
'customs .service. at San Francisco. .at $900
per annum,- and '.other similar vacancies
"as theymtvy bcour," ,ln». the .Internal rev
' -enue". sefvic'c.'.inf. this." c'ify. • Person's who
j "desire" to. compete' should.apply.- to" the U. 1
!• S. t'ivMl.' Ser\-lc,e" Commission,- Washington,
."b.f'-C.^or 'to. .tte secretary •Consolidated
Civil' SerVfce Examiners,' jof Jack.-*
•spn'-s^rett"; Sah Francisco, .for. application
fcrni 101, -'.whichi s.h6uld be'.-properly ex.e
pute'd" and. filed' -with .the jcornmfssioii at
V.'ashingtor^." "> ' •"" •'•."- .•'•.'¦"..
mont (Able) Dla.
Search Me, ' b. c, Jjy Search
light (Lafterty) ."-•• Dla,
Owynex, l>. c, by ; Owyhe .
. FIRST RACE— Occident stake, trotting.
three-years-olds, value $3920:
Tuna, b. f., by James Madison- .... . •
Ituna (H. Sanders).. 1 2 ; 1 1
Swift B, b. c, by Stam B-Swlft - •
Bird (J. W. Zibble) :.., 2 .12 2
The Jester, br. b.. by Stam B- •¦¦
Silver Bow (Becker) , 3 3 3b
Lacorrccta, b. c. t Arthur B
(Spencer) • . ...;..... — - Dig.
Dr. E. Knight, b. c. by Lyn-
SUMMARIES.
over tho fast gray sprinter E. "M. Brat
tain and managing to get his mount away
poorly was not placed at the end. Royal
'F, a 20 to 1 shot, made all the running,
and at the wire lost by a head only to
Troy, the second choice with Hlldebrand
up. FJamero came from far back; losing
the place by. a nose.-! .".- ::.• ...... •. ... .¦.;•..
"Henderson "on .Dollle -Welthoff 'c'aptu'red
the mile": selling'^event/ after -DaVldTS ihad
looked ¦airoy.efa.:.wln'ner. :: .Bu'rkV; however;
made v too \much[" "early.'^use , . of : : t He : - latter,
and he ! pass'edl the ; buck -the -las t six teeh'th":'
A conside'rab.Te v ;delajr-'at- tlie: .'post'- did; not'
Improve/' trie'\chanccs;'of;:,Camba;ce.res, ¦ the
3 to • 2" '-.chqlcei\ which!- "ran '-.an ; indifferent
third! [.MalpalcjuetaV played. f rum :3p I'dowii:
to. 12; was :a"s.' full j. of; snap "as '-a coal- oil
can '. full/ of ;'-.ChInes.e ;. fireworks. '•' He ' ¦:^iin
seated r l^ob'art f .orijse " "stood 1 oh hls'-rlder's
chest with -brie ; if6ot;ithen walked on.-hls
face arid did; other , : ',odd;. stunts: for the
edification of; the- crowd.; ..Hobart received
a cut oh the head, but.' was not seriously
hurt. Gold Scratch .showed speed and
¦can beat cheaper ones.
F. E. MULHOLLAND.
' Aiig.' 31.'-T : He. open-.
.'.(^^ .ing'nlght.'of.'the. .Pavilion' for the.
~^^',State EVfr of _.ii»J Was -attended '.by'.
•. at •;• feast"; -ten thousand ' people." " ./y
• •¦'•¦"'... .large. 'majwriVy. 'of Vhe grea£ crowd
wa.s 'accounted .fo.r by reason nt- the".. fact
that- the* John Brcuner : -Compa ( ny- ot.ihls
city 'had' ".purchased .the.flrstrnlght's^en
••tr&nce "/r6rri. the: St^re'.'Agrlciiltural .So-
• clety..'it>r .five l^undre'd 'dollars, Tadmittfng
.-.everybody and- affoccUng! {he first rilgktv
'ers, ..an, opportunity td.-jrispecjt'-a'ndi.v'iew.
•th.e ;exhibits n before.. t°hey. ..btctfnie-i-.shop
• worn." IJul «J"5 <wafa taken in "at, -the do'or/
the. first night of : the ,fa*iri a'.ycar tigd,"
and -the.-pnce-.paid fj> 'trjc'lpcar fi^rrt for.
'•the-j>urpose:of admitting 'cver.y one* free'
.of. charge, was' as rpifeh for 'th.c benefit,
or. the: Agricultural Society .as fo^--ttie
..Efe'.uher flrtn. itself..-. It .li* the".flr"sw 'time
ini"he History 'Af the Stat^air that''this
has .been .done, nnd its* resUJ^s r.will'rio
do'ubt -.'Be, 'exceedfng'ly'./b.cnejiclal* .to" the.
falr.'.nia'nagementV • Ajth'qu^n '. t"he're.'. are'
a iarge. number of #xoellenr-e"xhibKs"'.'now
in. .place", many. < more'-tt.n.r.;.be_ pUnxed-fn
position to-morrow. .The; delay-ih fl pxrm-"
be.r.."o{ -'instances was'caiiseitl -by ."inkde'.
quate. railfoad"'facllltles, wh/Phjhas. t'aused
a- ¦considerable. incoVivenien'ce 1 on* the"' part
«f ;'th.e ,cxhikltors . affected/ Jiriti' thoa^' in'
charge" of. the . Various • departments.:' of
(he. Pavilion. . ' . .-•' *,'¦'.-' '• 1
• The big hall wsis. brilliantly;, illuminated,"
justifying the remark that, the ' fair was
opened -in a blaze, of 'ftlory. • Firom. the
present aspect pf . affairs ".the "directors,
of the State Agricultural Society feel en
couraged in' the. efforts- they 'are .'making
that the present State Fair "shall be a
credit to. the entire State.; The exhibits'
are of a high grade and demonstrate that
the resources ; of this State are limitless
for the production of everything useful to
mankind. New and interesting features
will be presented each night to interest
the spectators. The local citizens" com
mittee express themselves as being of
the opinion that the fair of 1903 will be
one of "the most successful ever 4 held in
this State ¦
;--V"£he Wee 1 - .Ong.Tong, a corporation :ope-
Ti'tinii "many clubs In various portions- of
&b£, '< 'hinese -quarter, " sued 'for- a writ of
mandate "yesterday -.preventing- Chief- of
.Police. Wi'ttrrian from raiding their ; prem-.
.i.sfs..*. -I ri^ claimed' that the new. ordinance;
prohjfcitir.g- the- exposure o'f pambllng-ap-
•p'li^nces'-in' rooms lo •which- the"pollce.-or
•Thr» -public- arer-no't "allowed, free, ingress;
KO& under' which the police are' acting; is
t'riC'3ns,titutSonal. ' . ." : ••.'.-. ••• ' '. .- " : .'
Chinese Attack New Ordinance.
WINNER"! .. OF.."" .THE.' . OPENING
EVENT' AT'. STAT.E FAljt. .AND
• TWO' KEEN. C'O^'PETLTORS.' • • '.
While railroading is his business, Mr.
Kendrick takes a lively Interest in na
tional politics, and he is a firm believer
In the certainty of the re-election of
Roosevelt.
Vice President Kendrick is of the opin
ion that the recent flurry of stocks in
.Wall street will In the end have a bene
ficial influence on railroads all over the
country. In that It will tend to discourage
the inflation of stocks. He thinks that
the break" was 'effectedf for no other pur
pose than to bring the stocks down to a
figure near their real value, and he also
believes that the financiers will endeavor
to keep them thert. *. . -
As to the new equipment for the West
ern system of the Santa Fe, he said that
the company has already placed orders
I for forty-five mountain engines for the
Arizona division and for 500 new refrig
erating cars for the Southern California
lines. The latter, he said, were contract
ed to be delivered to the company dur
ing the early part of January next.
As yet the company has not received a
complete estimate of its losses by the re
cent floods In the Middle West, and Vice
President Kendrick does not think that
one will ever be made. Figures at hand,
however, show that the Santa Fe lO3t
about 2^00 feet of track before the waters
subsided.
."Jo'hn W. kendrick. third vice president,
and A. "W*. "Wells, general manager of .the
Santa Fe road, arrived from Los Angeles
oh "yesterday afternoon's train and regis
tered- at the Palace Hotel. They .have
come north to look over the various im
provements being made by their company
across the bay,' and while in the north
the first named expects to carefully re
view the plans. of Chfef- Engineer Storey
for. the construction of the new road be
tween here and Eureka. ... • "'•
'. Iii referring, to the future plana of tha
road Mr. Kendrick said last evening that
the company was disposed to go a bit
slow, especially in the matter of expend
Ing money for expansion, and he thought
that this was. the disposition of other
large railroad concerns in the country.
As to the extension to Eureka he said:
• "While the plans will certainly be car
ried-out,- we do 'not purpose to rush th«
wock'of active construction. Preliminary
.surveys are being made, and when we
get ready we will proceed building into
one of the richest timber sections of the
State."
"i'lip first Intimation I received that I had
been^ guilty of any attempt to plead ther pauper
act, *a3 they term It. wa3 to-day. My attor
ney, Frank Murphy, told me wh;n the Insol
vency proceedings were on that there was no
need of my paying- the court fee. and he- set
.me to sisn a paper, the contents of which I
never read. If I had realized what Its purport
was I would have quickly paid the fee.
My financial troubles were due to a business
undertaking in the Philippines In which I was
associated with another. It proved a failure
and later I signed notes to cover my portion
of the indebtedness. I afterward found that
I could not meet these not*s and. although I
have many rich friends In this city from whom
I could have borrowed the necessary money,
I refused to do so and went through Insol
vency. If Cleric Morse is determined to get
that ?". I suppose that I will have to dig It
up for him.
1 ".Larzalcrd is : well known about -town,
especially among the set of young* men
of means, wit.h whom he "has. mingled and"
managed to keep up a pace that would
hardly: suggest that he hatfTmly recently
passed' .throug'h" the court bf Insolvency.
He occup|es» bachelor quarters "at the" St.
Duns.tan .tin'd *is at present manager of an
automobile : concern; ''which -through his
personal "efforts has lately succeeded In
di.spdSing:-6f a -number of Its machines to
the prominent society belle's o$ this city.
When seen, "last" ¦ night concerning the
charge made -^y Clerk Morse, Larzalere
was'"jusjL embarking on a,n automobile
trip about town, and in response to in
quiries made by a Call reporter he said:.
. ¦• Cl-e-rk: • Morse Mod' a" petition yesterday
asking 'Judge -de Haven to order La,r2a-
Tere' into" court to be sworn as to Jlis abil
ity •'to' pay- the •fee, which, he evaded last
"February by taking what is technically
khowir.'as "the "pauper's' path." Mr.
'Morse ha's"- been fnforme.d that since the
•insolvency, papers were" filed Larzalere
has- -"been- iaru'tomobiling.. and • otherwise
playing; the- swell at^Del Morjte, San Ra
.fael 4hd\othe'rV fashionable and expensive
resbrtsl. .Clerk" ->lorse argues .that if Lar
zalere' jean afford- to bask at Del Monte
he can afford to ¦ pay the $35 and "take
back, the "oath' of. poverty, which the clerk
.pay's is .'no' good to him. ' vt.
'A'utdrn.obilist and society man -Harold B.
Lar'zalere" -will .be 'haled into' the. United
.States'. District' Court'. shortly ".to .answer
questlons-.'coVicernirig the. truth of ah oath
he- look .on February 10 .of .this year, to the
effect- that-nc."..was" unable to pay ihe V3
fee.- Remanded by ; United States District
Cierk- George E. 'Morse". when Larzalere
filed his petition" lit' insolvency.; ..- •' . •
Viqe-President Kendrick
f. !6f Santa i?e Road Is
: : .. \: in the City.. •
LOOKING OVER
IMPROVEMENTS
LARZALERE MAY
HAVE TO REMIT
He ' fio.e.3 TJarough ihsbl
: .yency and Then Takes '
• : : ifoor Mean's Oath. . >
;. /.The CrQC.ker- Ho't'ercpmpa-nj' was grant
e.d--a- .permit 'to. ere.ct 'a-'stqrgge^ tank'-nf
'lbjXXS 'gallo'ns foe th.e- purpose- of _st6rins
¦fuel.'oH' in the"..p"r.em'fseS..jatt Qeary. 'and
/Powell' streets.".-'" ..'• •.'.•"•*'.-. " ".'•-. .V. • '
•.Ordlnances"were- passed to".print.proyld
"thg'-for '^he acceptance- -bf- -.Broadwiiy,
.between Baker" arid 'Lypti streets;.. Ash
•biiry"street-,'.-between"-HAjght' arid' -Page,
and ...Ivombardi .' street. \ biatw.een-- Hyiie- "arid
"Larkjn. -• ' ¦'; ' ...-.- *,-.•". • • '
I The Board of Supervisors yesterday re
| f erred to the City Attorney for action the i
communication from E:' P. E. Troy call
ing attention to an . alleged attempt of
the United Railroads to connect Its
tracks on Taylor street with tb.o3e on [
j Geary street, ' thence with its Kearny
ttreet tracks.
• On motion of Supervisor Brandenstein
'the City Attorney w,as requested to take •
such steps in the premises as will pro- j
tect the interests of the city with a. view •
to declaring the. forfeiture of all fran- !
chises granted along .the line of the pro- |
posed municipal road where the same re- i
main unused. m ' * '
Troy alleges that the United Railroads
Intends to attempt 'to use that portion of:
the franchise granted the Central Rail- 1,
! road Company in 1879 and which expires
j in 1929. covering Geary stre'et from Tay- •¦
i lor to Kearny, which has been. abandoned (
for .more tnan rive years. * • , "" J
The board adopted a resolution formal- ;"
ly directing * the Finance, Health and j
j Street committees to hold an investiga.- '
I tlon'*to ascertain the cause ftfr the In-",
I creased salaries allowed by the Health
Board and* Boafd'of Works. The investi-'
' gation has already, been commenced and
: will be resumed to-morrow afternoon. . !•
The Police Commission was authorized
to appoint • three telephqne operators for '
the private .exchange office of the "Police J
Department in "the Hall, of Justice,^ at. a :
• compensation of Joff per month each'." ' ' !•
" The^petitions "o'f -the .Missioii ..Road Ini-'-j
provenYent Clifb andthe Excelsior Home. !•
ste'ad" /Progressive" Association-^ that' .-ills'- j
.sion road.* from Ononda'ga" Avenue "to"-the".
county line, be p.ut : .'ifl passable ctfnditibn^
.^:ere- referred/ to the Sjreet 'Committee. • " j
•The- 'ordinance authorizing' an.- expend!-/
• rure of- J13.W0 fop;the rcf aviftg.'of Spear I
'street from.MIssIon'.'ta'Market.-was. flnaljjr.j.
•.passed." -'" . : .." '•..'¦'••".•. - " .- .-• \ .-".[
• "The.^ordinance au'thor'izi'ng a'n/experfdi'- 1.
ture/of - $1945 tor a perma'hent.'schehVc "of;!.
.illuminallng Market.'s/reet werit "oycr.'f.of. J.
.on'e. week-upon. \VJlson "giving" notice that : |
the speqlflcatinns'. fo'r'-.th^ work.."ha^ 7i"o't.|
b'ecfr compiled.' with.'- •• ;." •". .• ",. '. . '. •"/}•
' Gas •' lamps "'.were ': ordered'. "-".placecl. -Jit-'",
Broadway -/and Brbd.erick street, tfrcail
way and' Baker: s.treet .'ana. Brba'd way- .Vrid- 1
"llybn" street;'. •• ••'..- .'*.. . *.. • ... . ••"'|
.•Grades'were.ordefed-changed and e'?tc«br..
. lislje'd'at certain' points on Jones,.- -.Frarr- ¦
: clsc'o', '.Tennessee- a.nd TwentletH "streets:-* "•
; -The BoaTd-of AVorks. was"'-directed --to.de-_ -
•termLne the .damages and .ass'es's.-the-bcn-'j
eflts-.caused by the. changes of grades -cn-'i .
¦'Polk st.ree.t,- be.twee.rt' Lombard and Fcat{- !'._
"clscb;- -.Chestnut, street, • between i Hyde ! '
•street arid- Van Ness.ay'eri.u.e: -Hyde'-street', "!•
; from ¦Qhestn.ut- to Frariclsio; ParriabsuS. f
aythuc*,.- .11, j I, :.llugo -¦ and. .' .-Frederick."
streets., ..First",. .'.Second,-. Third;. Fourth and.;
"Fifth 'a veriiiVs. ••-'.".. : .; ¦••..-¦'.;'/-' ¦;•:••;• •:'¦¦
; Mrs.-. Basconie. for . many •years '..was
T-ijromiheritly .identified with the Daugh
:tf.rs of. the' American iieyofution- and- still'
'.take's an. active part in : the affairs 'jof that
vociety" in Missouri. Sirs. Dr.- Carson.
?tv;h^ .arcorripanicd Mr. and Mrs. Bascoine
Itfi. this' city,;.' is. a ' granddaughter-. of -the
•.Iste.'AViliiam Carr [Lane.- who' was : . one
vif-|ih'e ca'rty. Governors of New- '• Mexico;.
.h_a.rijig. >ntcr«d on .his term- of -..office" a
-Tr w' years after General . Kearny came' to
«"airfcrrria. T.o^dai-. the members of the
:j'ia'rty -wiil go' to Yosemite over the-Sahra
-i"«><Viite; 'and kfter visiting the valley will
-oh their tour. over the southern
•iaff'-of ihc State. ."'•¦ ... - .' •¦
. It.' was- afie'r his military achievements
in. New Mexico that General Kearnv and
hit foyers* proceeded on to California,
where after two battles with General Pico
the Mexicans were, defeated ".and driven
"buck into' Old Me'x-Ico. a victory for which
General Kearny was .rewarded.' .with the.
appointment of Military Governor of what
if' npw a treat and rich State. In dis
<-uss:rg her visit, to. California last /even
ing at "the Palace Mrs. .BaFconre said:-*;
. ' It is' .hard for me to fully express to you'-my
..rrear eurrri«e cv.r- what "I liave seen' during
rr.y ehort et»y in the 'State.- . For year* T ha\t
anurous to come to'. California, .but for cr.^
-reascM or other my plans were abandoned until
r.cw. It'ls. natural that a woman should'^tion
.Forhe. curfouEity concerning- a country .fer'the
actjul»emetit -of. which her farher had to flfci't.'
I l:ad heard a. great <Jeal the Fraudei'r
ft California, but the rea!."y of .all that lio'A
'h*en claimed fcr the State was not 'apprecis.t'ed
•Vy n» until I w«? within the State lines a'rd
had pe«n tor myself the magnificent country-1>
phich'm}- father and his First Dragoons' -had.'
.-Journeyed of miles jo- conquer. ¦•¦:''¦ .
. Mrs.'Bastome and'hej husband and Mrs.
Dr. N. B.' Carson .-also.of St. Louis, visited
the town.Qf Santa Fe last -week as the
honored pucfts. of the people there on the
occasion of the celebration of the com
pletion of the Santa Fe Central road and
•the driving of the* last spike at'Kennedy.
On c the.evenine. of that day Mrs. Bas
oo'me was -The firuest of the Historical So
cip;y of-^Vew Mexico, to which, she pre
sented a painting: of her father, who was
appointed Mifitary Governor of that Ter
r'itory and under whose proclamation, aft
«t f<ir3"_e."cf # arms. the Territory- was an
nexed to't-he United States on August 19,
Mr?.' Western . Elascome .-of' Sr.. Louis,
wHp'jbear* -the-' dlrtinctfon of . heing' the
daughter ' of.' California's •'-•hrst "Military
Oovercor. General' Stephen \Vat'ts'Ke.arny,
has been a cuest at' the Palace for sev
eral days. It is the. lady's first visit to
the State, an even; which is doubly In
teresting to h : er in. view of the early con
nection wllich her father's name has with"
the history o-f California and because her
trip has. been fraught- wUh interesting in
cidents. ¦"*.•*
Viewing' for the First"- Time.
• -. • ': Scenes . pf the ; Early V ' '
Supervisors • Formally Order
Investigation of Raise' .
v ". • in Salaries.'
Major General Kearny's
.' Daughter Sojourning
- • : in the' City.' . <• ,.
City Attorney to Block
Scheme, of United
Railroada
Attendance at Agricultural Park and the Pavifion Is About
. \ the Average for a. First Day— Tuna. Repeats He*r
. Victory at Petaluma and Steps Three Winning Heats
STATE FAIR OPENS AT SACRAMENTO
UNDER VERY FAVORABLE AUSPICES
FRANCHISE MAY
BE FORFEITED
VISIT RECALLS
SIRE'S EXPLOITS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1903.
5
THE CALL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
:' Will close : on September 24,
1903, and all ; holders ; of Atlas
Coupons are requested* to pre-
/ sent them immediately, a» this
great opportunity to ; Beeura 'onie
of these splendid Atlases at" The
. Call's premium .rates -will be"
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24. .-,;,.¦"•;•" .•_¦:-• ; '--i
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HAIL TO MEN
Even unto old age you may fee! the vigor of youth, with Its light
heart elastic step, courage and tireless energy. You may be free
from pains and aches and defy your years.
y-'. ;.'•••.-'.- •: :: '. .-• - •,.. : ..:'/.;i- : : Imjf ':¦ .'• y-..There Is a fountain of perpetual youths
¦•:.'•.; --*.*- ¦••.•"¦\: •'•"'^•••; ¦¦•'• ;-:-.-V-/R3[. ¦¦ : -.and:'.ypu ¦ have .only to reach out your
;..; • ¦ ;7- ;,''•'¦. .-'¦.- '.-.".¦-''¦ '¦'¦'§ '-'hand: and- take it. Tou can drink it un-
;•'¦".; .-':.-¦•; : - : . •¦' •'-*¦• : !l ; -"^ '.'•* ' i '- -; 9 .1 Ma, ;til: : y6ur ':.heart'f shouta with gladness, and
»•"'•' '1 '-" ; '¦'. ':'"': •'¦•j^^S'. : "; " : . 7 'fSft wlth-j'alK y6ur-{micht-- you . will proclaim.
:'*••¦.;¦" ..*;. "„ : - ¦'/'. ¦:'¦¦ m[*-&\ : - ."¦¦'"• !¦ -J ¦ Jw . *s other -'people;- have,-: .';'•'. .'.'. , .
~rA<& ' ''JL^^m"/^ ' ' Like the giants of old. you can be In
7 fjL&lS&C&^LS your prime at sixty — strong, vigorous
/ j'^Wy^^S^rf and full of youthful enthusiasm.
JM 'ifflui&t* **tfl. ¦ Mr - L - J - BarTle " of Tillamook, Or., writes:
jff'A jarA "Your treatment certainly doc3 what no other
dWJfh &&!eS^ J%rh can - tor u has cured m^- l cannot pral»« the
MfJ^By /&&y& p *" It ( o° highly, and gladly recemmend it in
BStil^F^l i'JtfJJ^ylS an y case o£ vital weakness."
lf you te*\ youns you are youn?. Touth Is
WnE&fBE P&qummMtl&^ strength. If you have strength you can dsfy
BSurJSS&SwMtiUm if your years. iSy Electric Belt will warm your
O heart and nil your body with the fire of yout'.i.
mSWMBr.VVtMBxB ¦¦' " it will limber your joints and put springs in
(BIB&B&f JPcj 58P*Wm t* your legs. It will make you feel 'glad with tha
W Mr. A. Hubhs of Calistosra. Cal.. says: "My
BBarfcy |V^J rheumatism has entirely disappeared, my di-
\§£jr h-;i fS section is perfect. I have Kainfd eis;ht pounds
¦ -/^Bl -^jf In weight and all the symptoms of weakness
d£t&? 'lrilgSg=JaS '"' Ti» are KOne - wh|ctl ' 3 remarkable, considerin; my
Wj>Iif7fttH^ m: 'UA^~^ieii Isn't that food for skeptics? Such l»Uera as
VtW Hlily&tiM'9 l > ! t3£ScSj&=^TiMlta x receiv « would convert even a bigoted oil
uIl'J'J"Jj^"- 1 school doctor, and he can see no good in any-
HjM2fe55§s5«g^^5l33sH'^i$3rf thtnK but physic. Give me a man with pains In
fe^£~2^1iiSi^*sls§ri$rolw hls 1 *- a <luI1 acne in hia "' J3^ e3 or Joints.,
%• ' mjfj/tz-^&im**^ ¦*»• "come-and-go" pains In hia shoulders, chest
and eidt.8.. Sci&tlca In his hip. Lumbago. Rheumatism, or any ache or pain, and my J
Belt will pour the oil of life into hl» aching body and drive out every sign of pain.
No pain can exist where my Belt is worn.
It's as good for .women as for men. 'Worn while you sleep. It causes no trou-
ble. You feel the gentle, glowing beat from It constantly, but no sttnj, bo burn-
• ing. as in old-style belts.
Call to-day or send for my beautiful book, full of the things a man likes to
read if he wants to be a strong man. I send it sealed, free. Cut out this ad. ._
Dr. M. C. McLaughlir., 00 !^^'
. Office Hours — 8 a. ra. to 8 p.-m. : Sundays, 10 to 1.
Pan FraneiVco. Tuesday. 1 ¦September. 10C3: " .- ' ' . ¦'. .
."'.¦".'¦•• ¦'. ' "''-'-'¦' ..'.'•¦ V "¦¦.-¦•
Bookcases-— here is
one of the latest
Almost every. • wantablc kind of a bookcase known
to us is represented here. You can pay six and a half:
dollars or a hundred. Whereyer you stop you'll not'
f pay -too much. ;v * '^V:?^ r^
A ne\tf, splendidly designed .pattern is shown above.
A thoroughly modern style, divided into. two compart-^
ments and equipped with adjustable shelves." Forty-two
inches wide and sixty inches high. -In oak, -golden fin-
ish, $42.00. ; rjs&!
. Same bookcase, 30 inches .wide, with one compart-
ment and single door, in golden oak or weathered oak,
• $35.00. . *.¦./'¦ . . -.'•?¦/..' • ; 'z£;$%
Same bookcase, 62 inches wide, with three com-
partments and three doors, in golden or weathered oak,
(Successors to CaliforniaJFurniture Co.>
957 to 977 Market Street, San Francisco
COMMODORE NICHOLSON
Recommends Pe-pu-na — Other Prominent
Meti Testify; .
Commodore Somerville Nicholson of the ¦ i *^?^T**»
United States navy in & letter from 1S37 jt^K^^r
R street, N. W., Washington, D. C, says: j/\lZ&^~^~*^^S8^S
" Your Peruna has been and is now * Tuin , ¦ Itv^
used by so many of my friends and I ft£
acquaintances as a sure cure for J7 g^g^^^^^gg^^g ImS
catarrh that / am convinced of its l^] l '|MBTOiB«oiy /4m
curative qualities and I unhesitatingly \jJJ -^^ wA/¥
recommend it to all persons suffering V>ovj 41&&& tt/\J
from that complaint." — S.Nicholson. Vid j^^^ii^ii wn ~
j United States Minister to Guatemala jijftt $ V^^ fCh
I to Guatemala, ex-member of Congress ¦ Rj§f?] BW A% K?£ri
I from Kentucky, in a letter from Wash- rail ,jcr «-fTOKl Fjffn
"I am fully satisfied that your Peruna *&/k \7££3ffljfcfZ^*SP£i oTv
is an efficacious remedy for catarrh, as I jj^*3 \^m£&Sp>; Jv/vfP &9
'and many of my friends have been behe- Mfft BJrTFj5sP^>SJKfifc* \mm
; Member of Congress From Virginia ffflj W'^^'fii^^A fi\
member of Congress, Fifth District.' Fif- M UF^k
!. "I cheerfully give my endorsement .to ft J H^W
"your Peruna .as a cure for catarrh. Its I \»4 Bl^^fia^^^^^gi| Q %^
•beneficial reaults have been so fully dem- Hk/^2 gS^SyglK^CT^y^l flfl
onstrated • tha't its use is essential to all- $^*£g »*fc*>?r£^aBB— ja^CM£a \Jf N\
i persons suffering from that disease."— i#^^^ ~^Sfh
'Hon. G. R. Brown. • / : " .. *f COtiMOOORE-^r^* \Zk
The day was when men of prominence %^ Wichfil^fiti &»
hesitated to plve their' testimonials to pro- (*£r\ J* I^'IUIOUJI fl^JS*
'.prletary medicines for' publication. This ,ni" ifrtiln f =m ~*j'*-*^f
remains true to-day of most, proprietary ~*
medicines. But Peruna has* become so If you do not derive prompt an* satls-
jus.tly famous." its merits are known to factory results from the use <jf Peruna
'•so "many people* of high and low stations. write at once t0 Dr H artman. eivins a
111 '^ 1116 .? J? -te-«.t of youV case, and he wil,
'.The highest' -men in our nation* Rave be pleased to « ive > ou his valuable advice
grfven Peruna a strong .endorseme.nt. Men' sraftis.
'representing' all 'classes and -Address Dr.. Hartman. President of The
| equally' represented. I .• ••' * ; \ Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus, Ohio.Another circus train has been wrecked, this ( tim*e
in Pennsylvania. If some circus shows that we have
seen may be taken as cause for a justified effect per
haps these railroad catastrophes may be placed in
the category' -of retributive justice. •
The plumbers of Portland are out on strike. While
this may result in some annoyances and exasperating
inconveniences to the people of the city, owners of
homes will be relieved from any immediate necessity
of mortgaging their houses.
Two prominent German physicians, quarreling over
the best means by which to conquer death, fought a
duel recently and one was, killed.. It was a strange
chance that made death the arbiter between those
who gave their life work to an effort to destroy him:
The public school system" of California is. to'
h—* -fitting and admirable illustratidn at the- St.
Louis exposition. For the sake of the fair, name
of California and its credit abroad it is to be hoped
that no pictures of San Francisco schools will -be
sent East. . ...
It is astounding that after his conviction and sen
tence the organization he represented met and re
solved its confidence in him, continued his salary
during his term in prison and elected him grand mar
shal of the Labor Day parade. It also declared its
purpose to overthrow the existing government of
New York City, to avenge the cqnviction of Parks.
Hardly anything could inflict more injury upon the
WE have noted the prosecution of Walking
Delegate Parks of the Housesmiths' and
Bridgemen's Union in New York. He was
indicted for extortion of money from contractors and
other employers, in whose business he had ordered
strikes and who were finally compelled to pay Him
bribes for permission to go on with their contracts
and business. Thc-jury convicted him and he is sen
tenced' to a term in the penitentiary, where he joins
Murphy and some other walking delegates who pre
ceded, him under conviction of the same form of
felony.
DELEGATE PARKS.
There is- at least some compensation in the fact
that two of the escaped convicts of Folsom, who
have, been captured, are to be tried for murder.
Even if the negligence/and perhaps cowardice-of
our officials make possible the commission of
bloody crimes, it is some consolation to. know that
the State can satisfy its vengeance upon some of
the offenders. V >
Emperor William has ordered his court portrait
painter to make a drawing of President Roosevelt.
What consternation would reign in Berlin official
circles if the court painter should draw a picture
of Admiral Dewey instead.
Casimir-Perier, ex-President of France, has con
sidered certain accusations sufficiently grave to deny
publicly 'that he -ever thought of marrying one of
the female members of the Humbert family. It is
unfortunate to any state that any condition can force
a man who has held such high dignities as has Casi
mir-Perier to confess publicly that he is incapable of
the commission of such a palpable indecency.
TWO COUNTRIES— H.L..Hartiriez. The
area of the United States Is, not includ
ing Alaska and the island possessions,
3,025.600 square miles; including the
islands. 3,736,884 square miles. The area
of Canada proper is 370,458 square miles.
COIN QUESTIONS— M. W.. ty. Again
this department announces t t it does
not answer questions as to t value of
coins. Any one wishing such .formation
can obtain the same by adr jsslng this
department and inclosing a f> .'-addressed
and stamped envelope.
JEFFRIES AND RUHX.1N— F. S. R.,
City. From the pugilistic record it ap
pears that July 16, 1S97, Jeffries and Ruh
lin met In the ring and the affair was
called a draw. They met again November
15, 1001, that time in San Francisco, and
Jeffries won In five rounds.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, Aug. 31.— The following
Calif ornians have arrived at the hotels:
San Francisco— J. F. Chuthorn, at the
West; T. B. Goodwin at the Grand Union;
M. W. Giselman, W. and W. . Glselman,
at the Kensington; F. A. Hazel at the
Holland House; E. L. Hean at the West
minster; T. F. and W. Kelly at the Jef
ferson; J. A. Lagerfeld,' O. L. Lawson at
the St. Denis; J. Lawlck at the Belvidere
House; Mrs. M. Lind at the Herald
Square: N. U. Murphy at the Victoria;
C. G. Nagle and Mrs. C. G. Nagle at the
Jefferson; R. O'Connor at the Gllsey
House; N. H. Payne at the Normandle;
Mrs. L. S. Presser at the Imperial ; O. M.
Rienerts at the St. Denis; W. S. Saalburg
at the Hoffman: F. Shannon at the Grand.
Napa— T. A., Bell at the Westminster.
San Diego — G. D. Goldman at the Mor"»
ton;,H. Marks at the St. Denis.
Death, of Dr. A. Atherton.
A message was received in this city
from New York yesterday announcing
the death there of Dr. Alexander Ather
' ton, son of the fate J. B. Atherton, a
wealthy sugar planter of Honolulu. The
senior Atherton died In Honolulu several
weeks ago of consumption, and It was the
same disease that carried -off his son. The
latter had only recently graduated as a
physician, and had taken up the study of
tuberculosis. Young Atherton is survived
by a widow, who was a bride of only a
few days.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies, 50c a pound, in artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St., above Call bldg. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Pres3 Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. • .
. MUST BE RESTORED— C. H., Beaver
Hill, Cal. A man who has been convicted
of a felony and has been sentenced to im
prisonment In one of the penitentiaries
loses his civil right and after discharge
from the penal Institution cannot vote un
less he has been restored to citizenship.
PASSED OFFICER-Subscriber. City. A
passed officer In a fraternal organization
is one who has completed a full term and
is retired as a passed (sometimes written
past) master in Freemasonry. One who
has filled the chair of master of a lodge,
when his term has been completed Is the
youngest passed master, consequently is
the junior passed master. If in
a fraternal body, as is the case
in some orders," the outgoing pre
siding officer fills the office, gener
ally termed passed master, president, etc.,
such individual is the junior passed. The
one who retires from that chair and. gives
way to the junior is, on retiring, known
in the order as a passed officer and not as
junior, as there cannot be two juniors of
the same rank, in a fraternal body.
FILDES— S., Petaluma. Cal. Samuel
Luke Fildes, portrait painter, was born
In Liverpool, October 14, 1844. His most
famous pictures are "Applicants for Ad
mission to a Casual Ward," "The Empty
Chair" and "The Doctor.",.*- s
VOTING IN COLORADO-Subscrlber,
City. Under the laws of Colorado an
alien, male or female, who has declared
his or. her Intention to become a citizen
of the United States for four months prior
to any election, may vote.
While the nations of Europe are deliberating, hesi
tating and counting consequences in regard to their
reply to the outrages of Turkey, Uncle Sam.Jbound
by no restriction of the natural law of retaliation; has
demanded instant apology and reparation for the in
sult inflicted upon him in the attack on one of his
representatives. We have not yet reached, fortu
nately, that stage of refined diplomacy where an in
sult must be made the subject of discussion and not
of instant resentment. " .
The Yankee— See here. Colonel Bluegrass I
has forged my name to a check.
The Native — Well, take my advice and
say nothing. The Colonel Is a dead shot
and .always ready to uphold his honor.—
Kansas Independent.
Mrs. Wlnrow — You don't *hear of women
getting taken in by them bunko men.
Mr. Wlnrow— Of course not. With all
them bargain counters in the city, what
chance has a bunko man of gettin" a
•woman's money. — Puck.
Mrs. Fianlgan— Shure. and what's your
husband's business? .. ,v ¦;•"
Mrs. Floorwalker— He walks about and
does nothing. *VV
"Faith, Is he a tramp?"— Yonkers'
Statesman.
May— He's awfully nervy. He tried his
best to tind out how old I am.
Fay— Yes, he admitted that to me.
May— And just for fun I told him I was
34. Did he tell you that?
Fay— No, but he did say you were the
most truthful girl he had ever met.—Phil
adelphia Press.
"That girl who lives two doors from us
has a remarkably high, shrill voice. Did
you hear her sing last night? I wonder
if she's going on the stage?"
"What are yoou talking about? That
wasn't the girl. It was her younger
brother giving his college yell."-Cleve
land Plain Dealer.
Eggbert— I hope you will assign me a
part In your new production that will en
able me to please the audience.
Manager-iSure, I shall give you the part
of Gumshoo. the detective.
Eggbert— What does he do to<wln ap
plause?
"He dies in the first -act."— Chicago
News. : ~*.'
AREA .AND, POPULATION-Subscriber.
City. The are*a of the city and county of
San Francisco" is forty-six square miles.
The population is at this time estimated
at 365,000. By the census of 1900 it was
given as' 342,782. ;"¦» i
NATIONAL ENCAMPMENT -*- A. S..
City. The. first time -the Grand Army of
the Republic held its National Encamp
merjt In San "Francisco was* In 18S6, com
mencing August 7. " ;«:¦*'»:
."There Is one way that King Edward
can .keep hls« chaplains busy."
"What way?"
"Praying for a long reign."— Cleveland
Plain Dealer. • • v J
. ;• Wh'enthfevReno p'olice ; ro;6k jrito. custody .a bra;ce
of "escap:e<4'. Fol.soni -eo'uvu its' -.our." local sleuths -ac;-'
ce-pYe'd * th'e-" triumph '-'of. th.e : -Ne'vadins-. with.-pox?f
gr.ace, 'displaying .anything" hut- gratification -in- a";
significant.' ca.*Jture. ;; S.a'n;'-.Franc:is.co' -officers, have
now "an opportunity" in. whfCh to \vin laurels of .'their*
-qwft. '--Ther-e- are "a.t. -large iiri' this city two .desperate*
.highwaymen", •• suspejeted * to- 'be -escaped convicts:
Their operations, /to'" s':ay : ;t.he !least,'-are -annoying
and their capture wduld be ; extreme.ly gra-tifyirig't'o"
most of us. • " • • .
•SUBMARINE BOATS---J., Sacramento,
Cal. There are eight submarine boats in
the .United" States navy. Xhe speed of
these is ten knots on the. surface and
seven under it: _. " ,' . ' ' :
Ethel— Do you really think the lteatcn— .
ant will propose to Beth? . .
Edith— Oh yes; he has several medals
f.or bravery, you know!— Puck. .
.-INSANITY— T.f "Fresno. Cat Insanity*
is. not a- ground .for divorce in. California.
William Mehle, president of the City
Council of New Orleans, and Dr. Metz,
who is also prominently Identified in the
Crescent City, are at the Palace. They
have been attending the Trans-Mississip
pi Commercial Congress in Seattle and
are now touring California before return
ing to the South.
. Lleutena'nt 'Colonel W. A". Mellis of
Aberdeen: Scotland, is at Jhe Palace, hav
ing, arrived frorii Xhe Orient «by way o # f
Seattle yesterday. ' * •
Thomas Grubb, one of Chicago's prom
inent politicians and a partner of Boss
Kennedy, has been a guest at the Palace
for several days. -~
Elliot H. Wilson, chief engineer for
Millionaire T. August Helnze of Montana
and who Is also familiarly known as the
man who' surveyed the Union Pacific road
into that State, is at the Palace.
•Dr. G.' M/ Tutt'lp lajid' wife of St.. Louis
•Ire; atiiqng tne-iatest (irrl.vals a.t the.-Pa-l
"ace. • '-•"• ' ' '*.'•' .' ." •• " » *• -
' \yniiam C. Carl-,- a pfomirjent .organist
of 'New'Yo'rk/. is' registered at the Palace.
". pf. •sVGi.'Ca-iV.of Ndrh«-is registered' at.
the .Grand:.-, "\ : -',:"\\ '¦¦ '¦" ' \ '; ••'•;•' '•¦...'•
' Re-v:' Father .R.'- S: JBurke; of Boston is
at the- .California'. : '; •'• ¦;'¦=;.' ••...¦••'
T D. J. McFailly a'rn-iniri'g man- of- Nevada
City, .is at. the' Grand. -.- t ' '•.¦'.'•'. * '
A;'. H. Tar bet, '-a mi'ning /man-.'pf." Sal-f
Lake,- 'is at the Palace. * .'•.•••.•¦: .-;
• Senator. Francis G. Ne.wtands..o.f Ne-
S'Ada will arrite' iri-fhis city* to-day. .
• Professor David "Stair- -Jordan of Stan
ford Univei'sit'y Js "at the .Occidental..". •
Teacljer— Where was the Declaration of
Independence signed'? • .
. Tommy— At the bottom.— Chicago Dally
News.
•'MARBJLE— B. 'O*., Pacific Grove, Cal.
"All marble 'is a composition of limestone.
•A CHANCE TO SMILE.
ANSWERS;- JO.' QUEREIS.
PERSON AL • MENTION.
-. -,-. : ' *.'.-' tive .Sons "and.'p'avghters. The -cit
fzens.and"cjvic' -organizations "are. pr&par-
•Ing," to give -'the tlfpusands 'of visitors' "a
•'royal .reception.-". Thirty-twd "parlors are
•cojifing.frbrri' San-I^rancisco; and* .besides,
.these there., w^ll be. parlors, from "Oakland,-
A'ameda, 'Watsqn-ville,. Santa, 'Cimz', Sa'nta'
Clara-, 'Mou'i'tainr View and Palo X'to'. The
•Natl.ve--.Dajughtej-s-.wllI be ¦ represented. /by
'ajiaif-aqzen.. parlors. ,.'. •'•'."-. V .v"_ •-..-.
¦'¦• The'. Native' Sons ' arid- the ' ilabor. day
corrjmittee "have .'combined .to decorate the*
"city.;.- iThe; work. of decorating* .--wlli .be* fin
.Ished. thls-j-vjeek.and the..Gard.en v City will
' be,': in. ir?ala* ; ; attiVe on' Labor -"day.-. "-.First
street, -will 'be .decorated 'from 'the .brjoad
>S^ -AN JpSE,' -Aug. -SI.— The Admissjbh
;. .dayvcelebration to *e h'eld ,in. this
vcity. is. -bjeing:.arr'ange'd 'on '.a', grand
[scaTe by. th'e 'kjcaf parlors o.f ° Na-
Special D.lnpatch. to The Call/
liver 'the address of welcome In behalf of
the Native Sons and Daughters of Santa '
Clara. .County. Hon. Lewis F. Bylngton,
past grand president of the. order, wifl
be president' of the day. The oration •will
be .delivered by- Grand President II. »..
McNoble. A band concert 'will follow the
exercises. **'•_• . . . .
J.. A. -Foiey of. San Francisco will be
grand marshal of s the parade. Company
I, 'National Guard of California, of Uv
ermore. and Company B, National Guard
of Califtfrp.ia, of this city, will head*- the .
parade.. *The Pioneers and Mexican "W-".'-
Veterans of this city will also 'march.
A reception committee, consisting of .
three, members from each, of the local
parlors, haa been,, appointed as follows: ,
M. Griffith, J. E. Williams and Thomas
.Monahan from . San Jose Parlor No. 22; "
Dr.* W. A. Gaston, Frank H. Benson and
Jam.es Deslmone from Observatory Par
lor No. 177;' George M.~Celley, J-. A. Peck
.ham and Edward Younger from Palo.
Alto Parlor No. 82.
• The -big. -parade will take place'on the
o rr.ornlng of -the 9th, and" several thousand
"Native Sons and -Daughters are expected
'to be in Hne: -"Af-2- o'clock literary exer
cises-' will : .be 'Iie'd in St.. James "Park.
"Hop. -Jackson -Hatch of 'this city will de-
gauge -depot to San Antonio street. ' The
main part of Santa Clara street and Sec
ond' street will also be decorated. Large
American flags will be strung over the
highways and electric lights will be
pl.aced .-in • position along the line* of
inarch. The business houses wlll.be deco
rated .with bunting. / .
Excursion trains will bring the visiting
parlors to this city on the .evening, of
September* 8.. The local parlors ¦will hold
a. reception at • Native Sons' Hall, and
"there, will be dancing at the Hote,l Ven
dome, Hotel St. James, Eagles' Hall' and
J'oung .Men's . Institute Hall. Bands and
'reception committees will' meet the trains
:and -escort'. .the various, parlors to their
headquarters.- A "band" cojicert will m be
given in St." James Park.
. PPQ>1IN^NT. OF: THE-~NATJVE . glON'S OF THE GOL.DEX- WEST; "VVHO. ARE TAKING" AX- ACTIVE
:'.'¦. PART. I N v MA-KIN''G-.'ANiJ:C6mPL : ETJNG ELABORATE WRRAN.GEMENTS . FOR' -T-HE FITTING.. OBSERV- .
. •.'• ANCe' PFTHE^TATE'SBIRTHDAY/'AT-SANJOSE, ON SEPTEMBER 9. . . " .' r .'. *' ." T '. "
Pauncefote in -iooo. • ; ' .''•'..-. ¦ ';" .'.•.'
About the utmost that can be expected : of the com
mission is that .some agreement will be reached ..-as
to the essential facts of the case and a foundation ; be ;
thus laid for a.'future settlement of. the issue.'. Even
should there be disagreement upon . some .essential
points the statement of the disagreement will' have,
the effect of clearly defining. the points of antagonism
and to that extent will -aid. in preparing for/dealing'
with them justly and satisfactorily at some later .time. •
Such being the" case popular .interest jn the" or-bceed-:
ings of the commission will be-directed mainly to" the "
form in which' the arguments of the contending par-
ties arc presented and will be almost as : rmich" ac"a-..
demic as political. '¦ . " . ". '. .* ' ' .'¦'¦¦¦'¦¦
The question has been referred to a joint cotnmis- •
sion rather than to a board of arbitration"because.the >
United States' Senate and indeed a majority -of tb,e*
American people are unwilling to submit to the arbi
tration of any foreign power the. question of the
rightfulness of cur sovereignty over the disputed ter
ritory. • It is .difficult indeed for us to understand
that Canada has any foundation whatever for her de
mand that we concede' to her territory, that has long
been in our possession, andwas much longer in Rus
sian possession, undisputed by any one.
It is well known that the claim of the Canadians'
arose out of a desire on their part to get a port for
the Klondike territory. Had there been no gold dis
coveries in that part of the world there would never
have been any contention against our occupation and
sovereignty over the strip of land that shuts the
Canadians out from access to the sea. It is a familiar
truth that the wish is father to the thought. Canada
strongly wishes a port of her own opposite the Klon
dike, and out of that wish has arisen first the thought
that she has a right to such a port and later the claim "
that we are wrongfully depriving her of her territory.
The American case, based upon the undisputed oc
cupation of the territory by Russia, from whom we
obtained our title, is confirmed by the language of
the treaty between Russia and Great Britain on the
subject and by official statements in written docu
ments, of British and of Russian diplomats. The
treaty in defining the line along the disputed strip
says it shall be "formed by a line parallel to the sin
uosities of the coast and which shall never exceed the
distance of ten marine leagues therefrom." The lan
guage itself is clear, but it is made even clearer by
statements of the negotiators as to the intent of the
reservation to Russia of the strip along the coast.
M. de Polctica in a report to Count Nesselrode said:
"In fixing the longitude Count de Lambert had
mainly in view the establishment of a barritr at
which would be estopped once and for all, to the
north as well as to the west of the coast allotted to
our American company, the encroachments .of the
Hudson Bay Company."
It is thus clear that the prime object of the treaty
on the part of the Russians was to shut out the Hud
son Bay Company from the sea, and the limits were
fixed expressly for that purpose. The United States
has succeeded to the rights of Russia and Canada
has succeeded to the rights of the Hudson Bay Com
pany. It will therefore require the exercise of a
good deal of ingenuity on the part of the British
commissioners to make even a good pretense of a
showing to justify the Canadian claims.
WITH.r.the assembling- in •¦ London ;. of -Jthe :
Alas.kan- Boundary. Commission. there wjll
be'a.-revual'of inter.est-^in a'-eo.ntro.versy that
it one time :aroused jquite-an intense 'feeimg-JitVthis;
countrj-'and iii 'Canada:' -'The interest,'; h'oifr-ever; will
not be verV c keen, for the has .been- Jong
exhausted and- it; is'. not' expected. that' the cbm
misfion will ' settle the- dispute. ' The ; "commission
does not constitute .a bo'ard of arbitration; '.There; are ¦
three representatives ;'o'f "each of the contending .par-'
ties, and as thtre is no." representative of any power to'
decide between them the. popular- expectation is that '
each side- will" uphold its own. cause .and that, when
their report "is ; made .the., situation will' remain very
much as it has .beep since the- -modus- vivendi' was.
agreed upon -.between Secretary Hay. arid ;Lord.
THE ALASKAN • BaUNDARYj
O' UT ' of' Australian obscyn'ty the village of
Tumut has been raised to fame by having
greatness thrust upon it. The commission
appointed to select* a site for the capital of the
commonwealth completed its -labors some time ago
by the selection ]of Tumut, and now • the world
takes a sudden interest in the place-' Jt is said to
have'.-had at the-last census. 1300' inhabitants, to be
practically .half way between the two rival cities
of the commonwealth, Melbourne and Sidney, "and
to be pleas'antly located near the center of -a highly
cultivated plain,' 'abundantly -vvater.ed and blessed
with- a good cl'irnate." . . " '..'.- ; V-/'.\
¦ If -the' Australians, are satisned.-,no".one else has a
right, to . complain, but if it is to be .the 'capital- of
the -great ••new commonwealth,, whose future is
bound to 'be glorious, k" is .to be hoped the name
wilL be" summa.rily • changed. Tutn'ut is a good
name for a village, if is not bad; for an Australian
c'ounty seat, 6ut it sounds 'too. much like the utter-.
'ancc.-Qf a*, kangaj-bo' to.be. acceptable, as the. name'
of a ."great, capital: '-.It. woujd. never 'do, ..for. example,
"to • have, "the Capital,; of .'.'the .Uriite.d' "States located .
¦in. a Vplaee --.caUed' JEtodjiak • bf-'-'pshVof h, ,; .and ;yet
•ekher.-VQf VtK'pse-.n'ames .. is Vb.ef Ut. tli'ail'/.TumutV. for'
.in-d'ie.ed i T.um.ut. hds. rip jcharni- other VlTan.- that; dc :
.r.ived'-from..Vlie""'fact'. tKat".Vvhethef -spelled- forward
.pr backward it .-reads.- the samfel. .. : - . • .' • '¦ '}'¦"' ?'-; .'., . •
The" chief.. reason for- ijie .selection "of- .Tumiit ;ap r "
•p^.rs. : ta..be"-. the quantity of- vva*tei;:.thatit o possesses' -.
.It 'stands-- vppo'ri.'ihe.' batiks "oi'-Ti'iriut .Riv % ef , .'aird.- we
.¦are^to'l'd';thcit : the.- rivifer funs through'.the'.entire.ye'ar"
..ah d-.drd..ndt'; : dry . up' .even during; the"; recent" long
dfaugftt,; One? .upon .-a-.ti.me; there -u^is. a-¦"consider
able- g'oW-" industry.- -.irT ihe'-nei'ghbprhpo'd,. but'tHe
Ipayi'n'g." deposits • have. .beep;, exhausted." and", "the;
i.dweMef&jln^ 'm\ich>mofe.
profitable' in'dustry-' of' -fruit-.'gr'owing. v : ;. '.' ;•*! • .
• '."¦ A" correspondent Jtif the. Lonidp-n'^tandard-. in de .- :
..scfibiri'g^.- the- village /.says •••' V'Jt-^its-v spread over 'a'
hillside, \itslo.ng inain street falling, aforig thje ¦.slope
•/rpm' the . -/bu^h- f . covered "'.hUltop io .- f he!--winding i
•riv.er- b.elb'wy ' The" majority. of .iKtl vK&uses^aTe pne. r =
T .stprfed-. ; weatheir-board;. cpttages,:;: \vith {narrow. . veV.
"randas -a\Qtxg -t.heir 'sitreet^f ront'age^ better"- c fas s
[biiildings '.zfi-qi- brick '.of '.the '.prd.inary.' ¦¦ bufngaloSv..
•type,; with.'^eep. verandas.'bn' 'every. • side*. ."Only ifi
¦the.* central- partf Of" .the' town do' .we {find. two-'Stof ied.
houses..- :'¦• The- ..¦b'arfk.s,' .four •'in- nuniber' th«"; ho.te.ls,'
ten/ih;aH,; and .the. stpreS. affr jh'e- only bai-ldiijigs
¦that, .soar- hfgher.- than .-'the' •Jo'rdihary • single-stbry"
}.}fl £.-i --^X :<¦$£ \y?^£>fr& \ '}. 'r'^
• ...-.Sueh "is •!' T.umtjt;'' the . proposed' '? -ca'pital # ~bf *-'.th"e.
.'ypuh'ge'st -.of .cQm'monwcalth"sJ-"6.u.t one that' has' pos.-.
'sibilities' -af growth •eq.ual-.tQtho'se o.f t'he'gre'a-t^'s'^
bf • existing, natip'ris; •• ' The '-tdwh.\saw st-oririy/times-'
.'in]the ""o.I^;-d.ays"-Qf -the gold ! .ex'citenvejit-.'b'ut of.late
•it; has'-Had a : quiet -and, steepy : .e»istejice ; '/Now.rit-is
'.to ij^corrie-agaijt the. center? 6f atorros. -.-.ThC politi':.'
ci.ahs of; tKe;-- common wealth' will' doubtless' make",
"the, town'ringvloude'r ihan-: : the'<4nine.rs. did. '-Meah-:
time '.'the '.first'.wor-k'.in- the.-.d'irec'tion of. establishing.
•V.ckpital;' there." :wiU be' that. 'of'- buildin'g' a. farlroad
to •Vh'e'plae.ei-. for as-,yjet -ft; is i.*i a .wilderness .and'
• : bne has;to; ; m4k'c a.ip«rni;y . o f twenty..miles frpnv
the- nearest railroad 'statiorr io'rtiiCh it. " .' - ' • -•¦¦.'.. ¦
THE 1 QlTY OF TUMUT.
TUESDAY..;. SEPTEMBER 1, 1003.
JOHN d! 'SPRECKELS, Proprietor. "
titm* All Conrfmunicatlons to W. S. -t-EAKE. Manager.
. c • TEJJSPHOWE.
Aak for THE CALL. Tho Operator • Will Connect
You With tJie Department You Wish.* . . • . '
PCBLICATIO.V OFFICU...Markft ud Thlrfl.-S. F.
EDITOIUALi KOOMS.. . . .217 |o'221 Stevenica St.
Delivered by Carrier^ 20 Cts..Fer Week, 75.Cts.
Ter Month. 'Single Copies" , 5 Cents.'.. -
Ternn by Mall. IncJufitn* Postage (Ca»h tn»b Orrfert : " '
DAILT CALL tinclud'nr* SuudayT. on« *ye»r. ;.'.... "..•... fS.OO
DAILT CALL Oaclu^lns Sunday), e month* ,'.:.. x ..:. 4-OO
DAILT CALL— By Elaffle Monti .'..'.. :.:..u..'., •...•.:. T5e
SXTSOAT CALL, bam Tear "....*.... *..*....~.. •.*••• S" 01 *
WEXILLT CALL. One <Teei>. ..*..._ «. .l.OO 1
." ¦• f Dally... »S.8O,Per Tear Extra
FO REIGN* POETAGE. ..,...<. Sunday.. 4.15 Per Tear Extrn
1. Weekly.. l.OO P«r Tear Exu».
All Poitmaitert are nntliorlieO to recelre
¦nbacriptlona.
Sample ocr-l<"» *>(1U be forwarded when requested. •
Mail «cb«crJl)eri In ordtrins cbanre of address ahould be
particular to sire both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS 'a order
to Insure a prompt and correct cornpli&noe with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
1118 Broadway. . '. . .°. Telephone Main 1O83
' BEIIKJCLCY OFFICE. . ' ¦• . * .
S14S Center Street. . '. . ... .. .Telephone North 77-
C. GEORGE 'KUOGXESS, Manager Forelfm AdTer.'
ilnine, Marqnette Bnlldlncr, Chlcajro. ¦¦.-;_.
' <Losk Dtstanoe Telephone "Central £c**.") . " . - ..",'
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MOHTOS E. CIIANE j...14O« G Street, !f. Wi
NEW TOKK REPRESENTATIVE: ' • .' *
STEPHEN B. SMITH 3O Tribune Balldlna
°KEV? TORk CORRESPONDENT; ' •"* •• -.-.
C. C CAHLTOX. *....'....., nerald Sqnare
NEW TORK NETCS .STANDS: •; ". .'. ' '.-*V" ;: .-
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31' Union Square*.
Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue Hotel/ an.l 'Hoffman House.
*° CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:- . . * . • ; ' .'
Ehennan "House;" P. .O." News Co.: Great Northern . Hptelr ';
Tremcnt House; Auditorium Hotel; "Palmer Houee. .'¦..¦¦'¦ '}
BRANCH OFFICES— 7*27 Mcnttromery, corner of Clay, open';
until 9:80 o-'e'lock/ 300 Hayes; open 'until 9:30 o'clock.- .- '633
McAllister.' open until 9^30 o' crock. 6/5-Larkin; ppen until
8:30 o'clock. ; 1S41. ¦ Mission, until .10 'o'clock.. -2261. .-
Market, corner -Sirteenth" open .until 9 o'clock.- .- 1090- -Va- •
lencla, open until* 9 .o'clock^ . 106 Eleventh.; open until. 9
o'clock. NW. corner' -Twenty-second 'and 'Kentucky, open •
unt<! S> o'clock.. 2200-Flllmore. open until. 9- p.-'-rn. • .".' '*. • .:
are. essentially public.
The various municipal commissions', .which hold
office by 'authority o£ the Mayor, har.dly' "have- a'
session -these days without the -enlivening,- if "hot
edifying",. spectacle .of. a rc"w. "-This is as .i.t should*
be.. Tke more -'the commissioners qtiarrel the "more
tax -payers .and. the public -.will learn of- affajrs. which
Intelligent citizenship will continue, to insi'st; that
this city and Oakland, embarking 4ipon municipal
ownership, shall be in line with the* conclusion of
experience and rest each bond issue for that purpo'se
upon the plant which it acquires or creates. The
wise proponents of public ownership must themselves
see that such policy increases the reasons for econ
omy in administration and enhances the probability
of success.
Already in Oakland the proposition to bond the
.whole city for a water plant is being closely followed
by one to bond it for a telephone system, and the
propaganda for the latter is already well under way.
Unless a right start is made both cities will find their
general fund burdened beyond. the possibility of the
use of any of it for the essential purposes of govern
ment and their constitutional credit limit exhausted,
reaving them powerless to effect other betterments
recognized by all as the proper function of govern
ment.
THE taxpayers are called upon to vote an issue
of bonds for acquisition to city ownership and
operation of the Geary-street Railroad.*"
The ballot sets forth the purpose of the" issue,. so
that every voter, may read and know what it is, as fol
lows: "Proposition to acquire by original construc
tion and completion by the city and county of San
Francisco, a public utility, to wit, a. street railro'ad,
and to incur a bonded debt of the city and county to
the amount of seven hundred and ten thousand* ($7.10,
000) dollars, with interest at three ami a half per cent
per annum/ for such acquisition o.f. same; the route of
such railroad to be. as follows: 'Commencing from
Fulton street on Tenth avenue,, along Tenth .avenue,
.to. Point . Lobos avenue, to ..Geary "street, arid ' along'
.Geary street to Market. street.';'- • ;.'..''•.¦:/ ' •••"-..* .
It -will .be observed that this ifc'a proposition to'
make all the -taxpayers pay for a street; railroad. 4 or
'the convenience of those only who- live on. th'e route
thereof who desire to- use it.' . ¦•• ¦'¦.'¦ *•' ... •' .
It .will be observed that this separates- the credit
fremthe, plaitt. The taxpayers of the whole city are
to pay for the plant. and those who use it. make' no
contribution, by. such, use, to the principal .and inter
est of the bon'ds\ The proposition therefore comes
under th'e' question we have already frankly discussed
and is open 'to. the /'objections we" have already
brought against the policy of : separating the income
of a .-.public utility from the cost of its. creation. " To
burden, all th : taxpayers for a purpose'in the interest
of part b( .the taxpayers, is an abuse of the taxing
power,' so vicious as to be left without any excuse."
When other cities everywhere in this country are
insisting that all .public utility bonds 'shall rest upon,
the .income 'of.' the plants which they ¦create," and .en
ljghtened public intelligence everywhere is convinced
-of the inequity .ol arry. other policy, jt is n6t possible
that "the taxpayers of this city will fly in the face' of
experience -arid conclusive, 'judgment 'by burdening,
•their- general -.fund, for a- purpose- that is. restricted -in-'
its usefulness to'a-.few,- . . '.-. - .. • -.. •.••¦¦;¦.•. •' • . .'
1 : - To this Geajy-stree.t • foa,d' proposition - attaches -/all
that* has 1 been. said in behalf;of. basing utility, bond* on.
the plant alone -as •¦'the. 'sole security fhe people 'have
for .the- business". and- economical; management'; of .the'
same -.when, in ".operation: ...Added "to" i his-is : theipajr^.
tiality [of the -service- to. -be.- rendered. ¦•¦•The.'taxpayers
of "thfe -Mission "and . all ' SQut.h.ah"d'. North -San FfanV
disco aft to be-taxed-foV jv.hat.they" do not want- and.
\vill; riot .;u'se. ! -.Their case, becomes entirely .different if '
¦the bonds are issued" on- the; plknV to; be ; paid by '.it's'
.income" supplied' by. tnolse' whb-.use .it... : '.. . -.- •"•/>' •..'. ;.'.'.
•• It has i"b'een'-r"ecectly;jpr6.pQsed-th'at-'th.e"'c.ity'.-or"_ClcveT
lanid,; Ohio, fissile .bonds. Vto ; embark ' th'e* city in. the.
business' of supplying- electric/ light .and' power, • ;The
Chamber/of; Commerce; ojth.at- city "appointed. 'a^eoin.'-.
niitt'ee to employ experts," .examine: thepropositian and ¦
report ' conclusions! ••.After . an ex.h'austiv;e._ examinar
•ti.bri the -committee' reports. against the;- prop'ositiqriV
one. of. its first reasons being that !the proposed" bonds'
are' to; be issued' as a .debt ..of ;the ..whole -city -instead o.!
being' placed on/the! p'rb'p.o.scd plant iionev .-.The-.cpmi.
rm'ttee. say.': .'''If : is -'unj ust -to; taxpayers i.'tb. "force, "them
to pay 'extra.- taxis' and 'jhyest;thes.eV.also.'-mo.rtgagirig'
the city's : £redit and indirectly- '.every- dollar's:, worth "
of local; property fc to'.gb into! a business venture- which'
•can : su'ppJy bnily '.a' small, portion of -the city's; popula-..
tjbn.ahd' ii'.yefy- '.likely to. ; run- "at.'a .lp*ss'.'.*- .Therefore;
'.your -cbmm'tiiee .is. strongly . of ..the opinion.; that' tire
'bonds "is sued by-. the -city should be a-'lien on.-thc plant
only andi not upon- the : entire or the/city, '•and
the payment- of,. principal-, and inierejs't'.of, such' b'6nds .
should be,prp.vided- for out -of .the net fncbme. : ;ofihe-.
•plant...' In this .way -tht -users-. 'will /stand •'all:. : {.he-c-pst
oi supplying- them with- -the.- service. .apd- it-will .riot'
throw; part- of/.thecost" pn taxpayers'-.\yhb-are.'lion'.-.
users: The-bids' for such' bond's Vould be a- fair index-
of-.the.'conndence'which-.investbrs-have;'ih'.a \mutiicir.
palityV ability :'to 'cohducjf a" business: successfully." • -. : .
' •Th.e'.prop'osed-' bond.; issue .in! 'Cleveland.' is only for
.$'200,000- to erect' the -.works! ¦ Gley'e.land-.had a • pbpuf--
Tatjoni by the. CGirsus-of i9oo'of-38{,768 : ahd'.San-: Fraij^.
ciscd Vy : -the : . same' census had .34-2,7821 'Yet. an'-iss'ue
p*f "pnly -$2OO',oo0 'in public utility bonds-; .made a Jien
upon- the whole city instead "of upon the -plant only,.
i*a regarded as of sufficient .importance to rouse' the
Chamber of Commerce and the.' taxpayer? to "action.,
arnd -move .{hem to protest.- Then how -much more •
•important that .-the'" taxpayers .Q.f San Fra'nc'iseo t>£"
watchful', of their". interests when .-it is proposed to
•burderi theni with- a bonded debt nearly' foqr times as
large for-a public- utility, partial 1 in its possibilities, ancj
for the use of -a" Small, minority.' of; ¦••the -"whole* tax
paying, people! "•••*; "¦ \ • ". " . '.-" '•'•:¦''¦¦¦'.¦ '-/.''*.•
GEARY-STREET UTILITY BONDS.
cause of organized labor than this scries of proposi
tions. The guilt of Parks was proved beyond all
doubt and a jury convicted him. Under such cir
cumstances the threat to intimidate courts and juries
in the administration - of the law is something; that
goes to the very fountain of justiqe and erects an in
ferior standard of Citizenship, incompatible»with the
welfare of our institutions. Personal sympathy with
the condemned man is" one thing, but defiant indorse
ment of his crime and threatened vengeance' to be
wreaked upon {he administrators, of th'e law is quite,
another" thing. . " • • -; •• Jv'LV' 1
CALIFORNIA'S SONS AND DAUGHTERS
PREPARE TO OBSERVE HER BIRTHDAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1903.
6
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
UNNA DEFINES A CAUSE.
European Skin Specialist Says Dan-
druff Is Caused by Parasites.
Upon that theory, proved beyond a
doubt, a cure for dandruff was sought
after. Scientists, chemists, druggists and
physicians all "took . a hand" and the
successful issue is the present product
known as "Newbro's Herplcide."
This remedy actually kills the parasites
that infest the. hair bulb. s does its work
most effectively and contains not an atom
of substance Injurious to anything else
than the germ alone. Herpicide causes
the hair to grow as- nature intended it
should, soft and abundant.
Sold by leading drusststs. Send 10c In
stamps for sample to The Herplddo Co..
¦Detroit- Mich*¦' TheRefistrar>-.t)'mce- will-be"^bpen.eyen-'
ings ' .from- .T:.30". to .9 :.3O '' f Fom - : to^plghf.untiL
further.- notice;. This js' fbr- the/ .benefit, of
those'.wh'o" are unable ..to find. 'time .to.res-
istter".during-tlve day. Vott»ts..are.request
;ed to- take notice- that the, last -day fp'r
registjatiori- for-; the -.municipal : election,
wili -be September 23.- 7. •'..'.•."¦ -• ¦"..-
Ojien for.
¦^THe. .body/, of --.Annie' -FitZB^rald," tlirce"
ntonths- .old.'.was. taken > to .'tije' .".morgue •
yes'teTdajyVtfffernoori^' i)n . DiikJ^ Ijavjivg
•r«po'rted.;: > tha : t : . i it. j&ad; "dledVofj sta,rvatlo-j. "
The . niotheK' Anrile-JFitygeral"d,-whose;.hU9
•band'dled.. a. .short "-tiftje" .ago .in- 'Manila, "
placed. the-chlld-In '.gk Josejph's asy;lum:'er>
•August* ao:*', Aifter..' rt. had been", there.: a
week .-it., was '."placed ,-in: 'cha'r-ge'. of •' Mrs:'
Cajole".. 'at 1S77 Fifteenth' ay.enlue- sdulli.
' Th'e in'othi?r .went .U>..J3ee'--th'e" baby . la'sj"
Surid.ay "and" found.lt-so "sick". and- .ernaclat-.
•ed -that "she. took-'lC with" h'er.'.td;'thehome
o^- Mrs'. '-Annie'.:Grqwley,'"-her .'emp\o'ye,f, at".
330A .'.i'Seyerith^strifet-,"" .-wheret /.}'t" 'dled
in--thje''.evening^. "..-.; - : . ••'¦.•.'••¦ .¦:.;':" '.:.'
•••It "-is", belie'ved: tha't sickness -.prevented;
the baby, from assimilating, her. -food \aria.
.that "star.va'tiqn. yya.g the' T'esult'. : - • it-'i ' .'> ; :
After Be.iilg^.- Placed-- iijt Charge -of -a
•..:}-; '.Woman It'." Wastes.' Aw'ay. -.: ..-;¦.
:'.v/- ; '. '.-.-:• : ;ancTDieSi ./i" " •>;." : -'-.\ :
T^NFOK^riJ^TE f^BAB^; ¦¦¦V'.--'''.';-.-;
:;; '•:•: ' V:v'4"' .' S JABVES -TO' T3EAT^H
./AmalIe'...Wajbank's : . .liabHities ".are •¦J94B7
an'd'-ass;ets'"$26"40'," of -which .$i5p.-i3.,repf^-'
8en'tecl'"byv-rea.l.: : psfa'te : -.an.d !$2490 'In [ shares
o"f. t.he Sisftlyoii ¦•Furnlfure/C.ompany,}"and'.
•the Gaielle.'Lu^nbcr- (Gompany. 'Qf/her
liabilities" $787.5[ are ! represehteji.'.by'.ac'cjom-.
iriodatloh-patperi '• V"'. "'.<• ••'• , '••'. .;¦ =. ;'.v
'.' it-is". fepOrtpd-tha.t Roberts; ldst; ; .corisid-.
iejable. • money; .in", siriking. Cartesian ,-welVs
¦on -his- property to,ltap:a subterranean rlv-"
:er-fbr'a water supply.-for'-OaklamL''-. ' -'-^ '
- •Iri'trfe-'sam.e.JcduK.p^ward .Walbank.
; .a'nd"Arnaiie ;w r al-ba"nk : " qf.-'ifaEka'. f\Ted: aep
' a'rate • • petitions" . in- .•insplyencyj- lid^yard
owes $29 ( 32&.afi^ has 120,130 assets'; of,.Which'
$20X500 • is -represenf ed'.-by- real", jesta'te: • Mty
•principal secured / credrtor : is .¦ ; the ' ,Sah.
•Francisco; Sayings- -tlnibn-. f"of. .$14,014.'.'.T-h.e
uhseciired :credrtb'ra''a're.: . ..-I^ena Fanquier
of-'Yrjeicaj note,.- $5992;- •\\ f alb"riag'e';.&". <3arr"
Ca.;-YrekaV$33S9:'.' May. Phfrtlps",
San" Fraricisco>note",!-$1S82:" Ghurchlll- •&•
' BoyesV- Yreka,: 'ho^i'.'flll?: .\v:i.lHam:-.Bisbee;
atidr E/-M-.' W,aJ.bank,- trustees;- note" b'f
'Arhafle >W-albaBK.' VttSSfc-'rS':'-.-':. *¦':!. ¦">> •' '• • ' ¦
• : Of.' the .- $i-17,134--as"sets ' $105',150 '.'represent ;
rekl; '.eetatfej- 'end-', there ' 'are".$9694-.solve,nt
cre'iai-ts.-. ¦'•'-¦-.-'• •:•¦•¦. ..-". : . '¦;... -.'¦- % : .' •- ..'. /• •;•
¦R. *D. Chandler. Sa'n' Francisco merchandise.,
$1521;. L.- B. Chandler. Sah Francisco and Hay
wardg,. $3630. bprrowed-. money;. Capitol Mills,
San Francisco, merchandise. $1047 -.* Charles; F.
Doe.. San Francisco, note, $3000;' B. M. Derby
-&. Co., -Oakland, merchandise. $2104; Del Monte'
Milling Company,' merchandise. $1747; First
National Bank of San Francisco,' notes, $2073;
Dr/BeVerly MacMonagle. San Francisco, medi
cal services, $1100; Charles Nfelson Company,
pote; $2500; • Bank o^ . Haywa'rds, •Alameda*
Cqjinty." note, $2000; Ifye & KInsell, Oakland,
np'te. '.$1000; Pugef So.und Lumber Company,'
'Oakrand, merchandise. $5230; Strobel:& Neu
«leck, Hayw'ards. . merchandise. $1136; C. Win
ton," Hay-wards, note. $4369; Hermann Eessler.
Hay ward's, ribte, $1000: Dr.-W.,.A, Clark, med—
.leal cervices; "$1800; •" Thomas. -Fitch, • residence
unknown; commission" on", sale -"of " real, estate,
. :.; :'.;/:;. .- ' V. .;.'..-, • .. - ; : : .,.:,".•' •
-.-; WJIlIarri- Robertas b.fS^n LWandro,'wh&se
firiancjar. troubles "-hive 'been 'exploited te-
centl-y In '.the.' "ne'wsp'apers; 1 filed- his" petl-i
ilori Jn Insolvency-yesterday. .tn..the United^
iStates District GcJiirt.- Bis tofal-.-liabillties"
are" $75i90Z "and .Ms asset^ are. $117,134. ' In
•addition to .-the' assets-' thej-e are a. home-*
stea.d valued- at $10,(J0O and 51620 worth of
persohal- property cla"ime4 as exempt.. ' •
• ..The. following is.-a- list "of the*.princlp'al
secured' creditors; : The* .Charle.3 Nelson'
Company; San Francisco, $19,563 'for* mer
chandise.: li. H/ .Hanson. $3000 for-, moneys
due; Ufaion Savfngrs. B^nk, "Oakland,- $1000
'"f or" jndney borrowed: E. >.B. Stone, Oak
land,. $1000" oh a. no'te;'- Charles A. Brannin*
Sari Lorenzo, $1500. on a no'te'. ."
•The following, are | the' principal credl-.
tora unsecured: •.-..¦- •' '. ,''•'. ,~
Edward and' Amalie Walbank
•1 VAsk io-..Have -.'$40,0100.' ¦ \
v-.-:; V-; ••:• Pebts .Oitipeled.. • , ;-.. - :
"'•I". His -Schedule. ; /
William Roberts of San
"¦'•.Learidro 'Presents
PAPERS FILED
BY BANKRUPTS
Next Sunday, and every' Sunday for limited
period, the North Shore runs its popular re
served seat excursions to ' the Russian River
and slant redwoods district.- The trip em
braces views of bay and ocean beach, forest
and stream, mountain and vale— a great va
riety of beautiful and Interesting scenes. Spe
cial trains at 8 a. m. \ $1 50 round trip. Includ
ing reserved eeat. Tickets on sale only at C26
Market street, San Francisco. •
Reserved Seat Excursions.
H. W. Attenborough brought suit yes
terday against Attorneys OHn , L'. . Berry
and F. E. Brady to recover promissory
notes for sums aggregating $6090 he claims
were transferred to them for the pur
pose of | defrauding him by J. T. Morrill.
He says the notes were assigned to the
defendants afte* he had sued Morrill and
recovered Judgment.
Claims Notes Are His.
Effie P» -WUmot was granted a divorce
for desertion* from A'. A. Wilmotby Judge
Graham yesterday. She •offered* as evi
dence a letter from Wilmot. in which he
said he* would not live with her again
because her voice was such that it jarred
him every time he heard it. Divorces
were also granted to Ulma Connolly from
William Connolly for.neglect, Haura Sel
bert from Daniel J. Seibert ¦for cruelty,
Marian 'Van Zandt from Reuben Van
Zandt for neglect and C. F. Rlngli from
Anton Ringli for desertion.
Suits for divorces for neglect were filed
by Clara M. Evans against Edwin W.
Evans, Lucy Morris against James M.
Morris, Mary J. Smith against George S.
Smith and Maria Ford against R. E.
Ford. 9 \
Her "Vjaice Displeased Him.*
The amended ordinance providing that
the imposition of fees for fire alarm t<ip
dris shall not apply to the members of
the San Francisco Fire Department, the
employes of the Department of Electric
ity, Fire Marshal, Underwriters' Fire Pa
'trol, the office of th<; Pacific Telephone
Company and the headquarters" of the
Veteran Volunteer Firemen's Association
was passed to print.
Demands aggregating $137 50 were or
dered drawn on the urgent necessity
fund. . . .
The City AUov.ey advistd the board
that the New York Plate Glass Insurance
Company has recovered a final judgment
of $237 40 arising out of injury done: by rjot
on Kearny street on the night of Septem
ber 29, 1901. ' ; "• \
Patrick O'Connell, whose alleged in
subordination while in charge of the cor
poration staples caused so much bicker
ing between the heads of the Fire De
partment, ended his trial yesterday by
tendering his resignation. The Commis
sioners appointed W. B. Tobln to fill the
vacancy created by O'Connell's resigna
tion
city, pending the outcome of an action
brought to recover the damages. Action
was taken on the adviqc of the City At
torney. The claims of Kate North and
John D. Hatch for $4000 for damages de
rcribod were reic-cted.
O'Connell Resigns Position.
Hassell said that if he were awarded
the contract he would give a bond to save
the city $25,000 a year as a result of the
exporting of the books. Supervisor
Brandenstein argued that a uniform sys
tem of accounting was desirable, as It
would prevent peculations by- dishonest
city officials. . •
Hassell stated that the investigation ef
the books, in the County Clerk's and
Board of Works' offices had already cost
the city about $4000 during the past five
months. He offered to enter Into a con
tract to expert all the records of the mu
nicipality for $25,000. but the Finance
Committee held that there arc no funds
available for the purpose.
TJic- «:c;npany submitted a dctnr.n.1 for
$770 for examining the records of the
County Clerk during August, which was
ordered paid. The charge is for salaries
as follows: Douglas Young, $250; Mr.
Ames, $150; Mr. Day, $31; Mr. Loomis. $91;
Mr. Page, $91; Mr. Burch, $42; stenogra
pher, $50; rental typewriter, $5.
The board passed to print the ordinance
authorizing the payment of $19,743 to
Richard McCana or» his contract to bu-ld
the engine-hous>e on Bush street, near
Taylor. As two of the adjoining property
owners have filed claims against the city
for $14,000 damages alleged to nave been
sustained by reason of the excavation of
th*» lot. McCann was required to file a
bond in the sum named to protect the
Tho Hassell Audit .Company submitted
a statement showing that the Cost of
completing the examination of accounts
of the probate department of the County
Clerk's office will be $2730, requiring the
service of seven men and one stenogra
pher for a period of three months. This
contemplates the transcribing of the data
which will compose the final report, com
prising upward of 15,500 separate and dis
tinct items of moneys received but mis
appropriated, amounts due and unpaid
which should be collected immediately
and various other irregularities, each and
all involving less, and amounts due ,to
the county in the sum of approximately
$30,000, much of which may be recovered.
The-- Board of 'Supervisors' yesterday
considered a resolution submitted"* by the
Finance Committee providing for the-con
tinuation of the employment of the Has
sell Audit Company in expertlng the
records of the County Clerk's office, with
particular reference to the probate de
partment, from which former Deputy
County Clerk V. F. Northrup is charged
with embezzling large sums in fees.
The board postponed action on the reso
lution for one week at the suggestion of
Brandenstein, who said it was an impor
tant proposition.
The suit was a novel one in that the
plaintiff sought to show that Living
ston, though ostensibly a money lender,
was in reality a pawnbroker who charged'
a hither rate of interest than the law
allowed for his advances. Beeiuse of this
fact, the plaintiff claimed, he should be
compelled to give up the jewels he r«
ceived from Schumacher and take his
chances with the rest of the creditors.
He failed to establish his claim, how
ever, even though Schumacher admitted
on the stand that he had .acted as an
agent for Livingston, and a verdict in
his favor wan the result.
¦.Th'e.trial'.-of the suit of Xibuis i (X itievi-
Bon, ; : recel\ ; er-of the bankrupt "JQwelry-flrrii
of" Schumacher '& Co., -.which, failed un
der alleged peculiar circumstances last
January, against' P. It. Livingston, a
crtdftor of the firm, who, it is charged,
had because of h!s peculiar busiftess deal
ings- with W.. G. Schumacher acquired
more than his share of the stock of the
firm*; came tp an end in Judge Kerrigan's
court yesterday. The jury before which
the case was tried returned, under in
structions from the court, a verdict in
favor of the defendant, thus practically
upholding, Livingston's claims that al
though he advanced money on the jewels
presented to hJm by Schumacher, he was
not a pawnbroker and therefore' had a
lien on the goods.
(Supervisors Consider a
¦; \ Plan, to Qbmpiete^ {;
Z . Investigation; :;/;¦:
Jury : Pinds Thai: He;Ia
¦p. iSTot •in : PaWnbr:dk- S ;
; v; • : ing •- Businigss;';;:'";/;? I
Besides Pinchot there were numerous
guests present, including Judge Beatty,
Professor Benjamin Ide Wheeler, Colonel
John P. Irish. Dr. Hart C. Merriam of
the .Smithsonian Institution and W. H.
Mills.
By. meeting men familiar with the broad
and rich lands of California at a dinner
it was honed to give Plnchot the best
possible information respecting forestry
and other important subjects affecting the
State. . . •
' . Pihchqt ;is. at the" head : of-.the'-Bureaiu"
of -Forestry,. Washington;. D. C:, and 'has'
come to. the. Coast solely "with the in.ten-
tion of 'carrying out '¦ the 'Government's
programme" in regard to the preservation
of forests.
.Members, of ihe" Sierra .'arid "' University;
clubs -joined in giving ¦a.'compHme.n.tary
dinner' -to .Gifrord/.PIrtc'hot -last at
the rooms, of- the' tatter.-club!' : : .'- ' '• .'
Head of Bureau of Forestry at.Wash^
/^rAngton*; Gathers" Informa,tl6ri-,' ."
•/; 0,,. ' -From Speciarists.".: ! - : ;•'•/,
GIFFORD PINCHOT' DINED ./{
"¦-¦ :¦: : ; AT UNiVEBSITir . CLUB
WANT EXPERTING
TO BE CONTINUED
LIVINGSTON'S
CLAIM UPHELD
¦¦::Arfd': thus.: it- J8 that theVTrang-Misslsslppi
'Cprnmerc'la-r Congress -'malies' for ; the.' .-general
good', of •;t-ha'.t- .vast- empire". -lying. -.west »f tho
•Mrsslisslppl, .educating-- -the ¦ peop'ie' as. to the
•iieeds..6f the .different' sections. --and-." establish-'
;irig.iihe-firlrtclple.txfquld pjx> -quo Mn.-asslstlriK
¦one .another to- compass their necessities.- • *
-.'. Shortly.- -b.efore. ' coming.; to. Vthe conKress>'.Mr'.
•Ba'rriett"-Had: visited; •¦Presideh.t .'¦' Koosevelt -'af
Oj'sfer- Bay' and-.. hai;.-refelved .this Presldent'.«
: ri88u;-ancb--'. -that" • dute ;. cohs>ia"eration " .would'-:'be .
•given' J.O.. the 'reco.mmehddtfons. 6.f .tli« .Trans
'Qommertial'ipphgr.eSB.-. v .':. ¦;'¦-¦'
-'; -• A-blef'. an&--. tho'uglj.t/ul jiiilrei?ea •' .were dellv- :
ered-;an.d-papers:read'upon svfch -subjects aa.lr-'
• rlRatlon,'- ihnproverheh.ta ..of. r ; lv*rs: and '. harbors.
jtoiestxy'.- ; foreign, immigration, .siiear. l»;«»t <ftil-
iure,--'sh!p 1carlals,"etc:-, ; etc. -Resolutions, were
.-then; .introduced. • .ably "-drscus'.^ed' .and- adopted
,'and 6ur'.na.tional Congress, memorialized u.poii
. these ¦¦•8Ub3ects...-'-Aa .the'-chafrrtian'-of Jthe:.con
iRress;; Judjje. G*esham bf-.Galvestori- Tex...-aptly
Vern'arked:. "Weiof the. South .are -learrrlHg the!
needs' -"of:" 'California 'and the Gre;at. --Northwest
.at;-ihtis c'onBr.ess,.And in hetu-rri -w-'e"aTe' telling
.- you: wJiat Texas, wants. In -Che- .way. of- harbor
lmprpvertie'nfs : at -Galyeston .'and at the mouth!
of-the -Brazos-"' ..... '; •.•¦¦'-.' •.:¦.'•-• n -.••,..-".
. . No.twithstandjng- the 'fjtct:-.that- the. congress
: lh .this.-.munhep has. -bren -'-'and ".cttn.-i)e ;made-"to- 
'.have-still-' it.-e'a'ter.'poll'ti.cal influence, if is 'en--'
•tlreljr.'.nprf:i)plltic.ai;iri-, % char.'a!rter,'.and' ahy..at
,temr»t-.,to -iritVodii'ce; Iniattefs : pt': spjectAl -.politttal
slgpi'flcajice •lnfo;.'its-"..d.el)b?rXt1ohs, ."or 'any. lat<
• ternpf. «ipoh-"ih«''.'pia'ft".6f":delegatea to '.advance
¦•tHelr.--:pei :^nat.'pallt'lc;al.-..'asi)ic»tl6n.s ; 'ls effec'tu
¦'a-}ly..di8c©uca'Red:. -¦¦¦.-.' : ¦ -.•;. : ". : =." "• .:¦': ".'—'; • -V
•- ;The 'foyrteenth' annual •sessi.&n,-: held at. Seat-;
tie, " V.t;.fclj.V.;.^iigust. 18. ' to . -21.J irie lusiy^ war
:ahje,'of:.unusifal. jhrerestV: : Th#-a'ttendarfce- was
lar^e'iveyfry- titate. arfd ':. Territory- "west ,ii.(- tne.
¦.MissL<«l|'.pl..'hel^igr^iirespnted.'. ; by -fra.m -one ".to
'tW.en".ty--.-.deieVates, . the:av>ra.fee' ;-bein'K-' 'about
¦elghtjpr ten forfeaclii • ¦"'Texaia.'.i Eowislkria'-" and.
.'Utah. esp'e'cia11y"~ 6ertt-rarKe'delegai-ion's.----Ca'll-- ;
¦I {irijta'.' ¦»:£& •repr?serited..by: f fourteen '-.delegate* '
¦selec'ifejd- ¦from'..difli?ren«; ¦ iivii^s'pf Xti4 : -State .-and •
¦tHe'i'r influence svas..|.elt ; fn.the'bon.ve.riU'oh/' •". :
.^••.Meft'of national:, rrriitortante.'.-'-were -in ' • at
•,'tenddnte' and.addr.ess'edvtne' -.congress'..— • John*'
'Barrett.'. " Commls'siVn'er'. General • ;tq .this. .'Orient.
"of -ithe llxsul'siana- Pufcha'se. 'Exposition, jtfnd fe- i
'cenVly-'.-.Spriornted ' 'Minister ¦ : to'. "the ;Argentine :!
¦Repubflc;-delive're.dV?n; abre-ad^ress-'in:. Ih-".
teres.t'.,'6f- --tlj« .coniine- ex-p^ition-- at'-.'St:.. L'oula
andf Incidentally : spoke -flqruieatly . in 'behiilf "of;
. the. lifi^ls .-and"- CJa'rk .Ex'rjbsltlon to be ¦.-held.- In
.Pprtla.nd',..t)r.;. in'4905: -•..•¦.. "• ; - '¦- :'. ¦-. --•'... .'• •'-. .
¦".¦" ; -. ; : .
' - .;Sen,timent'-has".becn' ';ccea'ted;- ; itlmulated',-and
cr,y.st'arHze"d ; . . retflsiatprs.-' • State- \ ahd •.naiiorisl."
have .become" 'lmbuejl. w'ttf>.'.'these"sentlments.-and
Educated aid 'prepared ao-'mo're ; -ably.xepfe>en.'i
.n'pt'.iDhly- the'lr o'wn" coris.tituenci.es, -Ijut to wt>r.k
fa'nd ,.VQte .intelligeBj.lS'rin-'. patters' "relating- -to
. other- -sectUje's '-'of -.the: 'great.' tranp.-Mls.-issslpiil
Tegjon.^\' • : ¦.¦,'•¦••;¦..'<¦'¦.¦.••• : ': ¦*. V • ..v
iSENTIME^^CBEATEi);
* H. -.T)i '.Lpy^rand,; Jwh'a .was ..sent" as a:
'.de'iegaWaa Yt&.e:;'. :TranS-.Mfssis"sippi.."_Cpn-'
gress, x ireccn'try '.Xn ; ..session"".At.' 'S6a ftte,. has"
returned" to.-.th : is'city. : - &K.I^oveland.'repre-'
septed". "th.e : &atV'; as- a.: special. .'commls-.
sioher'apoin'ted.-by .Qov«rnop "Pardee: He
: aleo attend.ed..the-!cpngress-as the repre
sentative of'.thq-ManUfacturers-' -and Pro*-'
ducers. 1 A^sdciatioh'i-and' the-' Merchants'"
Assiociation 0 of;'tlife city..] " • •". ,- •. ' '". ; . '"
Mr.* Loveland very highly*, of -the
work of the* congr-ess anil adds that the".
j>eo*p.le of. this State, should become more
¦f a'miliaj with thfese meetings, which are
held annually. . According to his state-'
ment. the 'delegates : who represent-Cali
fornia should.be a'ppolnted sixty or ninety:
.d.ays beior'e the .convention opens, BOjthat
fhey may'-have'a .chance 'tb boom 'their
project'.arid.'alloyv. the" people- of the State
"to become n"iore. .familiar ..with its .aims-
. an'd purposes. ". ". •»;.. :•• ; • .".-¦ •."'"'
.-Mr. Loveland-.conUnued: '.. ..
'•'.The werk of N th?.-'Trari's-Mla8l8aippi Commer
cial Congress, .Rs'aims.'-fts hope* and its -pos--'.
eibflftles, while known' 'anA respected lay some
"who ' -ha tfe '.hy • attendance at the meeting of
•the congress, -' on bjj careiuj° and painstaking.
• readfng and «tij.dy «f ."its deliberation*, MVcomc
famjllar with ire work, are still but little un
derstood "or -appreciate* -.by the p«ople gener
¦ ally. living in'-whaf ls-Known=as ihe irans-Mls-
section.' •-.- '.":'. * °« o '.• - I
••• For", fourteen- -yeari-itjiis .<qngresa haa held
-.an annual session". to', "consider matters of- in
terest -to" .'the* States 'anil' Territories lying west
'of the Birssrssippi* River'. - Relegates. <rom "these
• states. and':-Terrlt6r'i69.' b'a.ye- mdde known the:
.•i.hecess.ltles '.of their>'varfous».loca'4tles and-.^at'. 1
'the. same "tima; li^veriljecom'A -laminar with t'h£:
-.wants; of ¦•oth<jr'-secti.6.ns 1 .'.. -'".' . . ..= " : . !¦'•>-.•"- ",;'/". ;:,
"¦ ! :)it, alsp . ; .<JeV:el6Re(j". t'hftt.^Presldsnt Elli.s,
:w.h'Q; .at -pne, ti)rcLe- Jifeld- .2.6- flip i)-'. shades '.of
th* stpeki hadi 'upljoaded- ifjuietlSf,..but.with'
'Bpefed^empioy:in^
Paig^. : a ! broker i)H : . the •'e*'change;\'to. dls"-.
pp>^l.t)f^;i>l3'
Ellis- was icpgh iza h tvp f ';.the fail in g\ cpnel i *•
¦tlon" of vthe.'w.eHg-when'-h'e' dfspps.ed -of!
his stock :and' that his\'sal.e'.s. : were m^'de:
•.wit-jtv •Vthe'.. : l-fu'i:l'. .knpwl'edge' .'that '¦•'-.tlie':'" price 1 '
he- wi> receiving was far, in- eScce8s.;pf .'its '
fe'ar -value', \ -'..it. ¦l.s.'als'o..asserted' .thgLt.w^l.th;'.
;t.he'-.aid.. of /his/; brother. '• whp;;Kia3 Vb.ee^ ;
actJrig;.as;.nianager .of- •the-' company. '.".at :
¦Cpalinga'.at-.'aV'sa.iar-y/i.of 1 $20.0" "a- month;:
Ellis' ltept\th'e ¦true\co.ndlti'pn%pt.-th.6 ; oil.'.
output •. f rpjw ; -becipmiHg; :'p.ubtlc - unMl^he
'|had-.'disj5pe5e'd-''6f : . hj'slstock. ¦¦¦ ' • ;'•:•.•:¦.••" "' ~\'"'~ '¦ '••¦;
;" Ellis,- .although •scarGely .'30 V years ' of
a^e. ; is' credlted''wi^,haviriff'-made' sev-'.
>rai.'mi)lio'n. : dP'll'a':8. but: of 6,U' kpeiiula-.
tipn in, this.'-State.- jie ;has .be.eh.phe'of
•the :,fpre'mQst.. promoters .pf the', industry
.since. the 'boom, first "began:.:-- .The' '-bulk: of.
his ¦ -fofmer" • holdings . -i-ri '.' Home. "'Oiiv" were .
.'secured -at' 13 -cents -a' .'share, and'betweeii.
dividends a'nd-^^the'iprice' 'h'e, : Tje.ceiye.d . rfor.
his. Stock ha:- iS/:s.aid. t'p'.have jcleah.ed up
tipse ito- if 15.6,000. out "of the- conipariy.-.' : '
¦ fJJU B.: TbpHtz." . who. IS taking ; a. proml'-.'
•rient /'part: •in,,thev.;propose.d prosecUtionj'
jsaId.:..:"We .have^: taken;. legal. counsel: and'
have -been- advised -that ; EilisV -action' /in;
this matter, -is'. a" proper subject fo-r .cr-im'^ '
iTiatiproceedings. •• We. : are. trying- to-'in 1 .'
terest" .the District Attorney' iivtW case.
We. are; assured • of: ample • flnjariciall asf- ;
sistanc.e .and- have been promised :$10,000.
to carry-: on ¦ the ':. prosecutions -.'.Wo .pur-;!,
pose ,tp .make. it. pretty. .warm for-/ .'-Ellis
before we get through. with 'Hl'm.'" . -.•¦ .".
"This is the. culmination .of - the troubles
dmongthe stockholders .of ' the Home Oil
Cdmpaiiy,' an account of 'which -was pub
lished in The CaH'-on August'^.* Efve'r
since . its organization -i}ntii; within " the
.last-few weeks. the property of the' Home.
Oil- Cdmpany was regarded "as among: the
nxost yalUable*. oil -.holdings. In the'Sta.tej
The ".company, was organised ln%1897 with
wells -at Coalinga."- Frpvx'a fe;w cents -a.
share.. the ;stock. steadily advanced". until
It. reached.' -close £o" the' $4 niar.k. •^t',pala
lii '- .dLyidends; $3S2,000 : and- untH .lately' its
.weils : h'ad' a- capacity : 'of /"00 barrels' ¦&. day:..
"So.-' staple ,\vas . its -output ; c'ojnslde'red that"
-ihe : Standard Oil'Gompany. entered: fntb.Va'
:cph'tract::with: - .it 1 agreeing." to .-take '18/000.
: ba^rrels.-,of-oil. a-'rno'nth at ilxty-dve' cents.
:a. -barrel: -•.'¦As-'.the o'il* eclu'ld Be "produrtd
with'profit'at thlrtyVflve . cents a'.'.bartel;
the ¦ stockholders-- cdnsl"dered\tha.t the. ibfir
t riot !:g'uaFaiite'e(J "a* ;long ' period.' of [¦; uhinX
t-e'rr.u'ptj?d.. dividends. '¦ r'.,.}-'" : '". -." !.-.r : . .-;„'¦
:>'.-. Karly .'-.last: month a, communication. 'was
received, toy. JiL'jCf-'Mliiler,- one. pf ' thestock- ¦
holders,- purportlng'to .cSrne "f rom ti.'dr'in.e'r'.
at the 'wells..:' This 'asserted; that- the'voiy
iim0 -of; <}il.';.'beimg' - : piimped : '^wesf.' much
smiilet than, irfij'rrnerly' ..:and '.that ¦- the:
greater ;--'p^rtfti'n.';'''^;^e-";co^pa;ny^s'-*u^p.ut
was '"water/. : Thls-:'int6ffnaiiQn.r.was •'com':.'
;iiaiii^^€^5t^/.'^t^ei";f>.irt^Kholdera*i and.
B»rt?ttin^- : ;«!fJ*'pa^fe Ensued,.. The; LftqclC:
•dropj^^rto;?!^- a-'^fiare -arid: h;as'; .'since'
contijniied' -On; it^:.down^aFd/cp'urs P eV^yes';.
.lerd^y-being/quoted; ,ia"t.;i$t"with-n6 .buyers 1 .
':• ''I viiiLLis V^^LtS^'vSTbGK..': -}':. p£
COMPANY " IN * TBOTJBLE.
Mr. Byington was too busy to. take up
the matter personally, and he referred the
callers to Assistant Whiting, who listened
to their statement- of. affairs. •. \Anoth*er
conference will be held to-day,-' when Mr.
Whiting will determine" if. the case waV
rants criminal, prosecution. .Should he
conclude -that it doe's 'a- warrant will be
sworn ont against Ellis. ' • ' ••• ' " ••'
.• It the " District .Attornej^s bflflce. can fliid*
;any. valid excupe for. the- proceeding. *.-R-
E.* Ellis, formerly presiaen-t' of the'llbme
Oil' Company and; one of'^he foremost oil
operators in the State, will' be" prosecuted
for fraudulently manipulating: ,thq stock
of the organization. * This .move "was "de
cided on yesterday at : a 'meeting o£ the
stockholders and John V. Hinkle a'nd'.J..
B. Toplitz, two of.the heavy stockholders,
were- appointed- a committee "to .wait on.
the District- Attorney and lay the matter
before him." -..*" . •. • • ' " ' '
Appeal • to District : Attbrii^y
/;.. tb: Institute &. Pfoser • '••
','- ¦''¦'¦¦ ' ; o..' '•.• • /..ciitibn.- • . - : •• ¦•' •= '•:
Id fliiep qe •' of. . • the \ Ceil ifornia
'-:<: :/• iDelegate^ 'Eelt -a^:.' ¦>" . .
.' :V .' : '\ .v GbriyientiQn:;-' : ¦'• <>: ". .
Praises- Work Done .by
: ' Trans-Mississippi: C
• .•¦;/:•. ''¦"-. ;..'Cq'ngTe9a /••¦'."• '•/':•
Stockholders of Home
.'• Oil .Company After. .'
¦¦¦ -: .;.b.;r Ems. ;/•:•¦
WANT CRIMINAL
ACTION BROUGHT
LOVELAND HOME
FROM SEATTLE
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1903.
7
Mt . «fj> A<5 R"^i!^k ho ys ept. 1 2. ts>
wuFORiifAfSs mEkTmmuiti/MLi
fOfmtUlTUftALi0£lVE STOCK
:m:p£xj>o)$;f:7ypM<--- ¦¦ •. ;
WW$ o fli^N f f flARNES5 Racing!.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
D R .' . C HA R L ES rJL ES H 'FOO D
: Fop the Fophi and Complexion. •
•. • '-. .^^f^fiv i':- ' .Has.Jbeen success-
'•' ? uI Jy UBP A- b y -Jead'- •
'¦ : /nfciSv* wliS? .-'"K- actresses; sing-.
¦' "K^»=3i dsik. * " ers ani1 "womjen..i3f
• .. xJ&Si^^ *^S ..-. fashion ''. tor'. " tnore-
• . ' • .WBF "• v. f •''• •/. t^ an 23. y**r»- •••¦
'• ,'¦••'• iJ5 *fTj ' • • " •' .Wherever- applied.
¦* ZS •'.'ZJr.: ' -; 'It Is instantly ab-
W • '. '• •' isdrbed 'through 'tha'
. ' • • j^T • f . • -pores of the skin,
' • ¦•' \ '-¦ . • and its wonderful nu-
f ' trition feeds • ths
m . ' wasting tissues.
fS^*', ..- \ Removing Pimple"
' «./flf»TS"> \n application often
t JWf/r-_n-/fV showing a remarka-
ble lmproveinent.
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD Is positively
the only preparation known to medical science
that will round out hollows In the neck and
produce firm, healthy flesh on .thin cheeks,
arms and hands-
r©B DEVELOPING 7HX! BUST
Or breasts shrunken from nursing it has the
highest Indorsement of physicians. . Two boxes
are often sufficient to make the bust linn,
large and beautiful.
SOLD BY THE EMPORIUM AND OTHER
DEPARTMENT STORES AND DRUGGISTS.
Regular price. $1.00 a box, but to all who
take advantaze of this SPECIAL OFFEK and
send us one dollar we will send two (2) boxes.
In plain wrapper.
Fn f? T? — A sample box and our book.
K O Cart OF MASSAGE." fully Il-
lustrated, will be sent free to any lady sending
10 cents to pay for cost of mailing. Addre&s
DR. CHARLE3 CO.. 19 Ptrx PUo». New York. "
V AMUSEMENTS.
• ONLY THIS WEEK.
•Remember This Please, of. . r . \
"QUO VASS ISS" and "THE BIG LITTLE
PRINCESS."
.' 'Our "All Star" Cast, Including T
•• KOLB AND DILL. >'
' BARNEY BERNARD,
W1NFIELD BLAKE,
¦¦l-Zfa HARRY HERMSEN,
'.'¦ >f' MAUDE AMBER, — j ;
ELEANOR JENKINS. ' . • j a
ETC., ETC.. ETC.
. RESERVED SEATS— Nights. 23c. 50c
75c; Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 25c and
50c; Children at Matinees, 10c and 23c:
NOTICE: — Next Monday night a rew. great
double Bill, i "THE CON-QUERERS" and
"THE GLAD HAND." Magnificently pre-
'pented. Seats now on sale.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
LYRIC HALL, Eddy St., Above Mason. '
& EVERYMAN
THE XV CENTURY MORALITY PliAY.
Ev'gs — Commencing To-morrow. Wed.,
Sept. 2. at 8:30. Afternoon, — Thursday
~ and Saturday at 3.' First night under the
Auspice, of CHANNING AUXILIARY.
Reserved Heats ?2. (I ."<>-an t | |1
At Sherman. Clay & Co.'s, now on sale.
AD VEBTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
SYMPHtl^bNGERtS
yFRiT7iSf!nm; DIRECTOR.
% $SJ«p> OPERA HOUSE.: ;
. Auspices -.of tKe S.. Ti:. Symphony Society...
••¦' Goncert'.eyery Tuesday. -at 3 p. in.
:' Prices' of • spats 50c; SI. $1 25. »1 3(J. • .V.
;¦^^ SPECIAL I
TWO GRAND POPULAR arid" WAGNER i
¦•¦¦¦.•¦ --.V -CONCERTS.- ."
PAVIUOIM/ -V
. \- • '.-. FP.ITZ SCHEEL." DirectQr.":. • " 7 • . '•
B.Fi SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA. 75 mnslciaua.-
LABOR DAY. MONDAY. Sept. 7. At 3 p. m.
ADMISSION DAY. WEDNESDAY.. Sept.. -9,
. . " •• .at 3 p. rn.-- • '¦• '• ' ; • • .
POPULAR. MUSIC. . .POPULAR PRICES.
•..•"< Look for. programme In -the' next Sunday's
i'Hts^^^stiBRMAN .*CLArk
mus|c store arid at the PAVILION and GRAND
OPE.RA HOUSE" on days of concerts. ¦•.¦'•"
' .' .See r'dally p'apers for programmes, of popular,
•'concerts. .;*.•.'¦'•,-- ' ¦• • • •'• * '¦ ¦•¦'*¦'
MATINEE TO-DAY. SEPT.^2..
. • Parquet, any seat." .25ci. Balcony. 10c; Chll;
'dren,-"any ' part "'V.xceDt. Reserved; 10c. . • .". i .
RELIANT, VAUDEVILLE!
.Bloom &nd Cooper; T. Nelson Downs;
' La Vin.e-Cam.cron: Trio; Marguerite •
• and ' Hanley;- George Schindler;
." Keougli and Ballard; Sam Edwards
and. .Company; The Fleury Trio
and Larkins and Patterson.
ALCAZAR THET
Gen. Mgr.
TO-NIGHT— ALL- THIS WBEK.
MATINEES THURSDAY AND SATURDAY.
Enthusiastic Reception of
FLORENCE
ROBERTS
In the first local production of
THE UNWELCOME
/ MRS. HATCH
Evgs., 25c to 75c; Matinees. 15c to 50c.
SEPT 10— First Thursday Matinee of
D'Annunzlo's "LA GIOCONDA.*"
When NUht Prices Will Prevail.
Five Baby Lions in the Zoo.
A GREAT "SHOW EVERY AFTERNOON
. AND EVENING IN THE THEATER.
. Inspect. "CABARET DE LA MORT."
SEE THE CHINESE BABY
IN THE INFANT INCUBATOR- •
VISIT THE
"MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE"
AMATEUR- NIGHT THURSDAY.
- • ADMISSION. 10c: CHILDREN. 5c'
Paiarp dont fail to
lttittWV 8ee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
flUfl room, the EMPIRE, ;
UllU PARLOR, the
•p'-\ 4 PALM ROOM, the
lininQ LOUIS XV PAR-
U1U11U LOR, and the LA-
U,v±«1~ DIES' WRITING
Hotels room.
The Kind You Have Always Bought has borne the siinia-
ture of Ghas. H. Fletcher, and has been made under his
personal supervision for over 30 years. Allow no ono
' ' «to deceive you in this. Counterfeits, limitations and
** Jnst-as-grood" are but Experiments, and endanger tho
. ..health. of Children— Experience against Experiment.
What is CASTORIA
;.. .Castoria is* a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Pare- •
' '•gopic, Drops and Soothing Syrups. It isGPlcasant. It
. • .contains neither Opium, Morphine nor other Narcotic /
* substance. Its age is its guarantee. It destroys Worms
'..". and allays -Feverishness. It. cures Diarrhoea and Wind
•;" . Colic. .It relieves Teething Troubles, cures Constipation
and Flatulency. It assimilates the Food, regulates the
* Stoniach and. Bowels, giving healthy and natural sleep*
.. The Children's Panacea— The Mother's Friend.
•The Kind. You. toe Always Bouglii
•• •".' •:. ... J9 Bears the Signature of -
: \ r • in .Use For Over 30 Years.
' '.. '! ' THC CCNTtUK eOMMNT, Tt MUllKtr tTRtn, NCwVonV CITT.
ifkAl SlEVflPS A SA3 FHA.1CISC03
vULylvlSIA LEADIS3 TH£A".H£
v ." niohtlt. kxcept sttndat.
' •;' ' m-atibteb to-morbow — '\
¦:¦ ..- 'and saturdax,
HBNRY a MILLER
iVlARGARBT^ANGLIN
. . •: • In a New Versloa of
f'CAMILLE."
Next Monday NIffht— First Tim* Her*.
"THE AFTERMATH."
. A Dramatization of Georre Ohnet'a Novel.
"LE MAITRE DES FORGES." 'Bj Georgo
Edrerto'n. .
Ti\/AI 'topem
I IV ULI .house.
GRAND. OPERA SEASON.
:'.. TO-NIGHT...
• . • "- Thursday* and Saturday Nights,
¦ '¦ ' • Saturday Matinee,
Vlucia Dr lammermoor."
*• Ponlzetti's' Favorite. Opera.
•.' Wednesday,* Friday and Saturday- Nlghta,
\:'lv. . ; /"AIDA." "•
' •"." . "•"; Verdi's Masterpiece. ¦
' •" No Raise of Prices — 25c. 50c, 73c.
,••". Seats, on-. sale seven days in advance.
; ' " Telephone Bush' 9.
GRAND SoSi
MATIITUES SATUBDAT and SUNDAY.
.'. OVERWHELMING SUCCESS
PoflaiflfiiiTopraCo.
TO-NIGHT— Every Night This ¦Week.
The Famous Musical Comedy.
THE BELLE OF NEWYORK
Next Sunday night.
The Pollards in "A GAIETY GIRL." ,
Extra Matinees Labor and Admission Days.
DDIfPC EVENINGS 15c. 25c Me. T.Vs
riUWCj MATINEES 15c. 23c. BOo
fALalFORNIA
» I Every Night This Week. P%
HXOL-KOR08CO C0MP1HT. ' .
yc Presenting the Great Play, rr t?
]50 "Mrs. Dane's Defense." '^ 0
« _ — Biggest Hit of AU _ _
Special — Thurg. & Fat. Mats.,
EAST LYNNE.
TKezt— NOTRE DAME. J™"
HE.ATRU
' Belasco & Mayer. Proprietor*.
Market St.. Near Eighth. Phone SoutH 553,
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Stupendous Production of AUEU3tln Daly'*
•Spectacular Drama.
"THE GREAT RUEfY"
Never Surpassed for Scenic Splendors.
Unrivaled for Intense. Sustained U'Terett.
SEE— The Thrilling Escape in a Balloon;
the Battle tn Mld-Alr; the Military Tourna-
ment.
DDirEC Evenings, 10c to 60c.
rnlLCj Matinees, 10c. 15c. 25c.
Week of Seotember 7,
. "WHOSE BABY ARE YOU? •
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. IKK
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health ana ,
strength to sexual organs. . Depot. 323 Maxk*t«
MSB • 1 * ¦ •* / p A Hv'^rtEJ'5'^t'r^ OybkIv^ * * *¦• -¦' ¦"* * :
H Another .club woman, M rs. H au 1 e, of. . H . .
Edgertbri, Wis., tellsV ho^
of. . . irregularities^ and ;¦ uterine -; : troiifelej :: vtbr-
rible \ pains^land t^ackaelie^b^;- the : • tis^ o^
Lydia E, : ; Pinfcham^ -^^et^te^;
." • ." DEAu*'Mns:. PinkhamV^ A' while '¦¦ago '¦¦: iiiyi;iiealth^ began ; t<>: fail
-because of female: troubles: -" The^ dpi^r did .not : I -temenii-
¦.bered that my. mother -. had ¦ used rf^afei^- ¦':[ Pink3ianl*ai -ye^etable
"Compound" on: mahyorcasions.' iiterine troubles^
and.I felt sutq that it.could:iiothffrm meit any
" I- was. certainly." fflad 'tfr ftadthat^ wit.hiii^ii wee.k I f 0lt' mucii : b v ettei i^
th.e terrible. pains in t^e bick and .side wei^e .te'giAning'. to' ' : cease f and at
the time" oi menstriuitiqn I :did;. not; haye^ nearly^'ias^: serious > /time-as-
heretqforeVso; I -continued its. use for ; tivb • jnon'thsi.. and;' at/the^ end .bf :
that time- I-^slike a ne^i^ina^i;t^E^y.'liajy©..iie'yBr felt .betteriih:;
my life; have not had a sick hea^c^
than I ever.did, so I unhesitatingly^ recominend your medicine.''-^ Mbs« :
¦ Mvr Haule, : yTis^ -^'jB."KQ^ehol4-'E<?QnpQiics.Club.
. . -^hen women iare troubled
painf ulmonstru^tion, weak^nes^ to
. meat or ulceration of the womb, inflammation of the^ovaries, iffehr
. '¦** . '¦¦: ".'¦ -."•':; ' ;. ":.: : ; eral debility; and ne^ypUs prpstr^tionV or
' ••"' . - )jffitt$fi$%L '¦'¦ faintness,; la^sittide;^^^ excitebility,.irT.i->
- ; - ' ' '" j^^^^ll'^^^a?-^
melancholy, "all-gone " and" wrint-
\-jltf to-be-leit-alone ¦"'. feelings, blues, and
¦• ""<S||| .' — ' W>M hopelessness, they, should remember
k"^^ *i>^ *<*^- Wr ¦ there is one. tried -and: '7tru.e v .'/;peii|ie.dyi'.
t»R n . p^ Xijdva. E; Pihkh^m's V^ge table. Compound
v^ I at once removes such troubles. Refuse to
'. i^^^V^yl - u y ? n y other medicine, fprydu need the l>est.;
/ : ; ' v0:5 : -' / '¦::.'¦ X '¦ "I)BAit v 3lRsJ ; .ftxKHAM.;C-'.r suffered. .. for
; : . . 1/ ten years witlileucorrhoBa, but am glad to. say.
¦; "-:' •: ;'•¦•••'; ... N^^<. that through the use of Xydia E. Pinkham^ Veg-.
¦ • v ; • . : : ' etable Compound and her Sanative Wash I : am
: <\-'. v : " ; " ! . "-.- ¦ ; ¦;. '¦[. 'cured, for which I aim very thankful;? •-. ';¦: Uy f\ 'C&iXl
• : :.-:¦: y? .; .;••; FREE 3IE DIC A L, ADVICE TO "WOMEN.
; nb^'t hesitate to^ write to Mrs. PiB^hani; She. will understand
your case perfectly, and will treat you ¦with- kindness. Met adyic*;
is free," and the address is Lynn, 3Casi$. -.;: Xo woman ever regretted; 1
having written her, and she has helped thousands. .: V > : r .
>? y« c»nriot forthwith m^nca'the oi^in»iWttw and iirnafriir^ of
r^tJUlIll "^^ test5n » onl »l s , which -trill proT« their absolute eenuineneas.' . .• -.'.'
v ' wwuw . . . r: • ¦••'•. _ • -. LydU E. Pinkham Modicin*. Co;.Xmn. M*«: ;.
A Miser
must he be who doesn't keep his linen
immaculate when we charge so little for
our work, though the work itself is flrst-
cltsa in every respect. Write us. Call or
telephone and we'll send for your wash-
ables and deliver them when done. Bear
the name and number In mind —^-
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
OmCS 1004 XCABKST STREET,
Rear Powell.
3OHEMI0
" " SOLD EVERYWHERE.
UlLUtTKT MKKCANTLLK CO..
Pacific C'«st A c Tits.
Dr. Lyon's
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
JJsed by j>oople of refinement
Tor over a Quarter of a century
PREPARED BY
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 p©r Year.
ADViBTISEMENTTS.SbL r THERy.: CALIFORXIA TENNIS CHAMPION iwHO" IS EXPEQTEt> T<X
. •• l^PE^'p^^pi^Qy^^mifr ;now .^be'ing.... held -on
: .-..' COtR't GFTHEjlO^rELJ RAFAEL,' AT.. SAX' RAF AEk-'. ' " • :' ' ••••• : '
play ten rounds of nine' holes each,- to
be completed before 9 o'clock In the morn
ing. Handicaps were allotted by Robert
J. Johnstone, ; the resident professional
of the San. Francisco Golf Club. Thir
teen players entered the competition, but
of these R. D. Girvln did not play at all,
and Reginald White, with a handicap
of seven. strokes per. round of nine holes,
or seventy* for the. whole contest, com
pleted only one round, in 53. The full
scores of the other players are shown in
the table:
Prelim inarry' fbund-^Mrs. "Seymour "vs.
Miss. Miriam Edwards at 10 a., m.;' Miss
Seymour ts. Miss DohbUis at 11:30^
First round— Miss Violet Suttohvs. Miss
Hazel Ilotchkiss at 11:30: Miss .Valleau, a
bye;- Miss Florence Sutton, a bye; Miss
Ethel .Ratcliff vs. Miss Emma Hunter at
3:30.' : ¦ u^-"p- : .¦;
: ¦¦MacGaylti". and. Smith will' play, the .win
¦ners' pt. t.he- ¦ yartel-WayiMurdock-CollIer
match -.kt 2. p. ; m- to-morrow. 'The "semt
flrial., ihatch-wlir-.be ' played .. to-morrow.
..rhorrihig-'at. a:30.'.. • ../ j •-.¦.¦ ¦¦..¦/. ' : - . ¦: :'
j; Following is a! suminary of the tourrra
¦.me'nt:;.' ¦,/,-¦.:.;; « '..•..: -..-: . ".¦¦'-. " -. # : . .
IV- First 'njiind— Percy: Murdbek and W. B. Col
. Her • be'at'- Harry Rolfe - and Herbert -'Schmidt.
8-6; -7-5,. 6^2r Robert . yariel and Archie Way
.beat .- Jack' ' Hoffman- and Paul Jones "' 6-1, --1--8.
6-0...6-?;'. R. N.-- -Whitney and- J. F, .Brady Won
.from .J,. A; Code.- and partner by -default: J; D.'
MacGavin .and Grant Smith beat Stewart
G.ayness.and Giiy.Lytton,- 6-1-, -6-1. 6-S. •
' Semi-f\nalg— Smith!" and MacGavin .' beat
Whitney and Brady, 6-2. 6-2. 6-3; Collier anfl
Murdock ya; Way and.-Variel. ;¦ 1 .
-. All. of the." southern, .players arrived late.
.this' afternrion.-. Ten' ladies entered the
singles for to-m'orrqw-, five from the. north"
and five ¦from the '.south.'.. The southern
ladles qre'.rpuch'. stronger than the local
players and are expected to <:arry off the
¦honors. ... ..'.'••. .'••¦.' ¦.:'.'•-.
.;'. .The.- drawing . arid time of" matches" are
as follows:-. .- " : ••." • .' •' ••
.In .the 'other match in this half- Archie.
and '.Robert vVafteWwpn three. Seta
out".of-four from. .Paul .Jones- and Jack
Hoffman.' 'The latter, did .very well to-'get
a. se;t,-arid' especially. a-G^l set.- -The"; threp.
"sets- woii by .'the southerners : were- also.
. 6ne-sid.ed; ' .'• -. '\ : ;• • •'•'•. .. '. •• • ' : .
one point ; to" win.. The second .set\was
.afsoj.a-Iong-.'deuce '©he.'.. '.Young. 'Schmidt,
played- a .brilliant gatne and was. ably .as-,
pisted • by his-' steadier, partner.- Scfimidt
won many aces with his' swift -scrvic'el: :
RAF. AEI^, -Aug. -3i.-^-The xoast
(5*^- ' c.h'amp.i'ohshjp'- ten-nis . tburnarnent
"^^' opened -to-day" ' on the-'l^otel ,Ra:
Q»^r -fael; i-cjourts". ;The •day-was. deVoted
' ¦"';••'• to the", men's doubles',' and,;' as" was.
expected, :tne weedinsr out' process- "was
pot. .productive of -very clos'e" m'a.tciies;'. The
crack" piay'ers'were- • opposed' to- '. poorer,
tearhs,; as -aV 'rule,' 1 and- the . matches 1 '
too ;<»ne-$.idevl to be. very 'i.ntere'stjnjr.:^ '-.-'. \ .
. - The ' weather . Has- been* mild .-since ; : the-.
hot.Bpe^l in > .J.uly,:'but^to-d.ay .the suri wajr.
i^s- piJt.iless';,aa 1 ;.'ever,: .'and.'. the..pla'yers--sirf»-.
.feted .grJeaUy.lfrom- it.' The., crpwdj.-'a's
.usUfilNjn/jthe first day;' was rather^smail,;.
•but- will .Ihtfease. tfach day.'.-. • '-.". .' v ¦ ".
• : Eight, tea'lns . entered 'the men's .doubles, '
. ahd^Jat ''¦¦ thte'iVend ' of • the • day's ¦ play .- but,
. three ¦.were..' left.': ' Drcunmoiid MacGavin .
a-nd.Grant;;S.m.ith- won. both thejr maiches
' an'd 'haye'. secured 'a .pl'a'ce"in -'thfe .'flrials. • ; •
:•-• Pe.fcy. .and- W:' B... Collier .-will
meet Archie Way and R&bert. Varie>. of
the .sptith,;.arid the. winners. will tie. pitted
against; MacGavin' and Smith in the finals. '
;.ih .both their: ma'tches- MacGavin. 'and
emUh hadan easy time.. ; jn- their first
match,'- . .with- Stewart; ' Ga j'hess and'. Guy
.Iiyttoili the jr won. as they pleased. . Jules
Brady., was substituted for Joseph -Tobin
and played' with R. N. Whitney. The .lat
ter .team' was rio£~ evenly '.balanced ' and.
lost* in /straight sets . to MacGavin^ and
Smith..-;'-:,-' '::.'-".' .-; • ••:'.-•¦•'.:' ':'¦ '•¦ '*''¦
¦ In -.the .'other -half' -'the'- -'matches --'.were,
--closer. 'arid, more Interesting. ;ln the open-
Ing match Percy Murdock and Will. .Col-'
Her" were' opposed to Harry Rolfe' "arid
Herbert Schmidt. The former were !ex
pected.to win easily, but the youngsters
gave them a hard rub. in the first two
sets. ' In the first set Schmidt and Rolfe
ha* a lead of 5—3 and 40—4), needing but
DR. AND! MRS. CLARK
:•¦ ' : WIN GOLF CONTEST
Early Morning Tournament on Links
•of San Francisco .Club .-. Is
. . . Brought to an End. • •
The" early mornlrrg tournament-pf the
San J'rancfsco GoM Club came to an end
yesterday, the best net scores, being -those,
of Dr.. and Mrs. J. R. Clark, each of
whom made 418. The conditions of the
contest were that' each competitor/must
EAN FRANCISCO GOLF CLUB EARLY MORNING TOURNAMENT.
¦ -. ' • •^2?tf. >=ll^Hl2 2 1H2H''"OS £
.'COMPETITORS. . j * g, -'?• .5 . f f £ Z . ? ? ;,-•.§ '•
' . i * • • '. '• • • • • • • « '.
L. B. Edwards.......... 471' 451 R0I 46 60 02 46 43 62 63 • 4S9 70 419
; Rolla V.. Watt.:.., 61f 54[ 62 40 60 47 41 49 4S 44 482 60 422
R. I. Bentley .' , 4S 47 45l 40 49 4G 61 B2 45 48 460 40 410
.-C. H. Bentley : 60 49 43 50 B0 48 46 4S 45 48 482 40 442
'R. B: Hale .....'....,... 65 48 60 68 52 61 55 63 60 56 638 80 458
F. J. Kosftr .'.. : 71 60 '60 69 66 68 61 67 75 61 656 90 56G
Mrs. -J. R, Clark.............. 49 51 48 63 .49 45 4« 49 62 46 488 70 41S
Dr. J. .R. Clark.•....'».......... 44 • 4S 45 * 4« CO 02 46 48 521 63 489" 70 419
. MarKhaH Hah . :... 50 63 63 60 56 ¦ 66 58 59 56J 56 582 90 492
•R. H. Boardman .'.•, 1*531 65 671 50 " 47 47| 62 48 55! 51 531 80 451
. B. .D. Adamson ..*..V...| 43| 47 47| 18 ' 46| 41] 46| 43 43] 47| 451 0 451
- • . • *~~ ) tJ. ~ r ~~ 5T • . . ¦•
E. A.°Wiltsee, P. G. Gow.'H. M. Hoyt, 1
Balfqur Adatason, Captain T. B. S. Men- |
zles and others were out on the Prealdio
course yesterday. v :^\,~ v
NEWPORT. R. I.. Aur. 31.— T 1 «¦ fire In
the cos] bunkers oi tho United States cruiser
Yankee was reported all out to-nicht.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 31.— Andrew Ged
des, for some years chief clerk of the De
partment of' Agriculture, has been re
lieved from office on charges of a per
sonal nature, and R. ; Burch. chief clerk
of the Bureau of Animal Industry, has
been auoointerl ts> succeed him .
Federal Chief Clerk Removed.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 31,— Secretary
Wilson has asked the Department- " of
Commerce r and. Labor to ascertain
through the consular service suitable
markets for macaroni wheat, a hard
grain common in European countries, and
crops of which are increasing rapidly in
the United States.
' Secretary Wilson says the macaroni
wheat yield In this country -this year, ac
cording to the* most commonly accepted
estimate, is 10,000,000 bushels, against
2,000,000 bushels a year ago, and he pre
dicts that next year's crop will be 20,000,
000 bushels.
MARKETS ARE NEEDED
' " . FOR MACARONI WHEAT
ST. PAUL.. Minn, Aug. 31.— Sixteen thou
sand saw Dan Patch unsuccessfully at
tempt to lower his world's record at. the
State Fair grounds ? to-day. Despite the
fact that' the great pacer- had gone
against time at Readville, Mass., and had
been almost continuously on the cars
until to-day, he, went a mile in two min
utes. The weather was ideal, being
warm, with scarcely a breeze stirring
and the track was In first-class condlUon.
Accompanied by his -running mate. Old
Mike, the stallion was off at the second
scoring, covering the ground in long,
easy, strides. The first quarter was gone
In 30 seconds, the next in 23%, the half
being made in 59%. Around the far turn
the runner slackened his speed a trifle
and Patch did the third quarter in SO?;.
Coming into the stretch. Patch showed a
magnificent burst of speed, and with Mc-
Hcnry fairly lifting him along, the last
quarter was done In 29^ and the mile in
two minutes.
Dan Patch Paces Mile in Two Min
utes at St.' -Paul.
FAILS TO LOWEB RECORD.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 31.— Manager
Connie Mack of the Philadelphia Ameri
can League baseball club to-day, signed
Pitcher Rube Waddell for next season.
Waddell is .under suspension for the re
mainder of this season for lnsubordiria
ticn... ,';•; • .
Philadelphia Signs Waddell.
SAGINAW. Mich.. Aug. 31.— Martin
Duffy of Chicago, the ' ' welter-weight
champion of the world, and Gus 'Gardner
of Philadelphia, champion at 135 pounds,
fought' ten rounds to a draw here\ to
night. .Gardner was outweighed by Duffy
nearly fifteen pounds. ! > .
Duffy and Gardner ' Fight.
Just when a woman thinks her husband
if being- impressed with a sermon is gen
erally the time he ia thinking what a dif
ference it would have made if he had
filled that flush the night before.
'The undersigned committee . named to • ar
range a memont.o for Sir Thomas Lipton feel
assured that they represent universal senti
ment of appreciation among all classes of Amer
icans who love sport and admire a sportsman,
and acting, upon that assurance they sugge&t
to the general public a popular subscription to
meet the foregoing view. The Western Na
tional Bank of New York has consented to re
ceive subscriptions. It Is desired that this
shall be national in its character, as th*re is
no section where the pluck and good temper of
our late antagonist, ever our friend and now
our ..tiest, have not won»all hearts.
The resolution is signed by General Jo
seph Wheeler as. chairman, Henry Wat
terson, Louisville; Patrick Collins, Mayor
of Boston: Thomas F. Walsh, Washing
ton, D. C; George C. Wilson, Washing
ton, D. C: Commodore Robert C. Todd,
New York: V. P. Snydef, New York;
Lindsay Russell, - New York: Senator
Kearns, Utah; Timothy D. Woodruff,
New York. ,1; '.¦¦':-/.-¦>.
¦ The following telegram was received
from Mavor Patrick H. Collins:
Will serve on committee with greatest pleas
ure for gold as \*ell as silver, as nothing is
toe toed for the best sport In the world.
Arrangements Being/Made, to^F; resent
; Him With. National Memento. .
.. NEW/yORK, Aug. '31.— The initial step
toward ¦ the . presentation, to.- Sir Thomas
Lipton of a memento from the American
people, probably In the form of a silver
service > was taken to-day when the fol
lowing/resolutioh wa<_ adopted, at a meet
ing held at the Waldorf-Astoria::
WOULD , HONOR, . LIPTON.
.NEW.yORK^ Aug. 31,— Articulate'a raq
inR days are probably over.- The kick iji«
received. j while at the -post .in the third
race 'on Saturday at Stleepshead- Bay is
th'e cause .of the horse's retirement..' The
injury to the near hind' leg "has developed
more seriously thqn It was at lirst ex-:
pected it would.. • . '. .
Racegoers will mourn the. passage of
the horse from the turf, for In his career
he was always noted for his gamehess
and good qualities as a racer. William
C. de B. Lopez, his owner, refused $25,000
for Articulate before lie brought him to
New York this season specially preparefl
for the Metropolitan handicap. In conse
quence of the accident Loptez will return
to California and not finish the racing
season in the East, as was j his original
intention." • t, • •
Fainous Racehorse; Must : Be Retired
.;. ' - Because ot.. an Injury. •• ' : .
• ARTICULATE'S DAY OVER.
''¦ ¦¦.¦: :.By thie/ChipaKo jnter Ocean.- -. :- :
-.. ,First. Tace'— ''Carpburo, Duribar,
'Sauerkraut; / . .-¦;.'•., •¦''•'•_.-: '•'.- •'¦ . .:¦¦/'¦ ¦H'-'^'J.
.;' Second . race:-— Moranda,- Senator
Matt.s,. John E,' Owens..;.,. : .-•' ¦.¦"¦ ¦ . . ¦¦:
. : Third. raceWr-By i Ways, Bessie Mc-
Carthy \ Star ; ; Cotton. ;..'. . ;. .
. Fourth race —7. Lodestar, . Lady
Matchless, Lord Melbourne. . ¦; . . .
.Fifth' radeV^Do'die S, Wing Dance,
Co|hpass. •.."• . ' . ' : . : ¦"¦'•.¦•'•-".•¦ ' ,' ;; . '•-;•; '_¦'.
' . Sixth ..race^-Dr." Gurnsey, ' P;pmpey,.
will Shelly." :; : ; ... ¦•::'••¦¦
HARLEM SELECTIONS.
¦•"•. .•-, '..:/• HARLEM'- EisfTRIES.-; ; - ; \^^
• '.-C-IIIcAcO.* Aiig-.-hi- — liaVlem.- erttrips : ' . " •¦
••First race. -foui". nn'dr'a half furlorigs. maiaen^'
— Slary. H41 UQ,;Qur Chap J10, ..Caroburrt.11-0,
¦ S'auf-rk'raut -H-5. ..Ayiay- Right .105,- .Durbar J05,-
Mi;';"- .CbujSh'.ih- IC.;- -A-lamofle-.lCS.' •.-•¦ • ; _-.. .- '.: - .
¦ ;SecQm5-.race,- -fct^f pfe cha«e, Bhprt' •course; ns.n
•¦dk-an-*-Senjltor. lta- v ts;'l4'3.-..Pau'Uiker '140.'- Eva
Moe.lSS, L!nieflght'135;-Moranda-132. Ed-.A.d'ack
•r.:o..-M.r. »pse.l-"30.- John 'F:- Owens. 12'7., ; .; .""¦-.,
•'•Tlilra-'rai-e',". orte'-'mije,-" handlcaf) — Bragg -10C,
¦BfE«p. McCarthy -lC4.'t-F.onsoluca 100, -Jove. 00,
By- \Va>'J5 W. Star. Cotton; 85. '.-.• ¦ " :•;.- " • . .-' :'.
• "Fourth :.lace,- one '"and; a' sixteenth milesV'sell-.
jng^-jSab jaf." Pirateer- IOC.: Lodestar 10U1-. Hay
' don • l'OO, Jvbrd'M^lDCui-ne 'i»9, ' Mb'05 0S, -KIlmoTie'
«!».. La.jy.-Matrliless.P4", Mamse:ie-..f»l.. .. -.;'. :" "...
•.T"ifJ'.i.r^ce;.'.<;ne-'and-a : "Eivteenth .miles, selling'
— Pat- : M6rfissey-;ilO. ¦: Sea".-' Lion -108. .Compass
102;- D.o'dfeS-10'1. .Wingipahc'e 10*y Barney -Bufk:
US.- -Graricus "a<5; ¦'HuUsoij'04'. '. :" ."- ' • ' - : • " • ',••
¦ '• Klxth-'ra'ew/.cipe.and a sixteenth irhiles,-;'eelling
.— False "L*a.d'. 101 .. DrV.Gur.nsey '101,":T6mp<?y: 9j>,
Max "Bcridix'tXT. StUer Fizz- 06. .Somersault .06,
Chicago. ¦Gjrt.83. Will Shelly. 9"4; GLve- All 101,
•Lfai:o'j:d-.l0l.'. •' •.,¦¦.::•'.'.¦ .- ;• -.'» '• •,.'¦ '. : ¦• ;:• ¦
; •.¦Weaiher-cl6u.dy;-.tfsck heavyv... '•.¦.. : V T ' •'
Sixth .face^-Ada • N, "Jake :."We.ber,
Montana Peeress. ..¦-.'-•..-¦ " ¦'.
. .By New" .York" Mornlxis_ Telegfrabh;. ' ,
[i . Fjrst '.race— ilnterrogation,- Happy.
Hboligan,"Hayen Bun. '• ;" ••./ ¦ . : ¦';. :
: . Second ra.ce-VK.ingstelle,: Eugenia:
S, Class -ieader.^. : ; _ , ' ;,' -'- ]¦.¦ '/: [
' .Third tace^Ciistus,/' Bequisitidn,
:Ranchnian.''i. .."-.•.. ''-.:'¦"'¦''. ¦'.'. ": ¦'.¦..'¦: \-::\ ['.' ¦
Fourth . race-^J/ittle Scouts Flintr.
lock,- Taby- Tosa. -v . v : ¦¦¦ /..-: •; . . .- ;.
Fifth race^-Orleans,- Sadie • Burch,
Straggler;:- . ; ->. : ¦'¦; '.- ¦:- '' : \<.-'- : -\ : \y- '(¦¦:- :
ST. .LOtJIS -SELECTIONS.
: y .•¦-. -.U"; . sTi ;toiJis .Entkies! '^ ; ,;¦
¦•;.- ST'. LO'UIS,- Aug."'JK— St n Louis; entr\ei:>' • . '
¦¦•Fi'rst .race', 'fl-ve. furlongs, - seMlng-rBIrd, -Pond"
105 -'CanoB)"* 05,- J.uvenella '95; -H'ayen Ron- 10s;
OOyrohe iuty -Soufriei>e '105-.: Hoedown 30. fi)ue'
Ring- .105. . Peach Juice 10S, -.Ha'ppy. Hooliga'n
105; '¦eaybo'n V5, Tnterrogation lOS.— •' ' '. . / ¦ ; .-.'
iBecotid race'; .olic "mile and twenty yards, 1 sell
ing—.Eay= the "Fiddler' 94,--. 'Daddy • Bender &7,
"Laily'-Esher.'Si, Glass Leailer 97V."Eugeni» S Wg.
Kingstelle- U4... Tambourine G!ri-'84, -pisuka'Uu,
¦Ddnjlnis 99.1 'Daw&on-O*,' JJtt-le" Lpls- 107,-. Yarna.
Konso .SO. Peat-.99 V . ..-• ' ' ' •'•;..¦• :.' ••"¦¦,
' Third rate, ' six -f urlongse, purse. 3-yeac-old
colts •• -A. n"d- geldings — RaUcJima-n -.107;. Ifostman-'
107, -Custu's 104, *rby Bennert 107) 'LI t tig. -Corker"
¦104;'- Secqnd Slate. 107,- Requisition 107. ' .- : '•
•' Fourth ra.t'e,. one. mile i and..70'yat ! di|i. purse^-r.
Taby Tosa 100,' Fltntlock 100,- W-. B. .Gates. 100,
Light. Oprera ltX), t,litLeScouM0O. ; •' •; \ . -...
' • Flfih'-racd. -six" .and a, half" furlongs; sellinff- 1 —
Our- Lillle- £5 .Sadie- Buroh 00., Straggler . 108,
.A(las W;- Rengaw -r.13. Ortca-ris -106. ." .••••'¦
', Sixth'.- raco.-'B'everi fiirlorgs. -selling —^-UTapluhr
.101.-. Helerr. -Print 10!),'. Ada N' 109, Jake Weber
lftT- Montana . Peeress . 95, BUmmer. IJL 107-, El
¦liey 10/5... '¦¦;¦ .'..¦¦• '¦•¦•..•'.¦-•¦¦ •:¦•' • .•¦¦.¦-¦ ••• -..-.
Wcat.her 'clo.udy; '.track slo.w. "•'.. .-' ¦: ..¦,¦•'."¦ ¦'
Third. rac>>. fix fiir!ongs of. Futurity, course,
celling— Mary Worth 1 20. -' The Rival 120, : Trln
lty I»]e 12f>. Sweet Blljie. 120; .Colonel "Tyl»r
110. I>d Damsel 120; Jake Land"i20, Valley-
Forg» ' 120; . Captain Gains'. 1'23,. .Cbcate' 123'
llan. o' War 12-C Kvrf Mine 115.' John Barley-
ccrn US. Bicerta 115, M«xJal. 1<>8. : Sliver Heels
•10K. Kinjr'Post 10\ Gur Park :111.. Salvat«»lla;
, 1<*. Dkk Roberts 1CS,. F.rbe WS. Sedition 115.. •
Fourth race, -*me and an elgMh .miles, the
•Dolphin— Flying 'Ship. '123. pisgpnia Bufch.lW.
Jligh Cbaneetlor l<^,'Faul?onbri.'5Ee-li4; Proper
,11»«. ""-..' ¦'¦-.—. • ,¦•-¦-. '•»
• Fifth .-race." hand.rca.p'. ¦ steeplechase! .short'
v-mirw— V«1dez 15.5 n - Boreu-rh ' 14S;" Caller 145,
• Boun<!»T 13<T. , ' ' '¦' ¦ -j . • , . ¦
. Sixth -race, one 'and ah", eighth -miles on turf
handicap— Duke- 'o/ Kendall. 123. Lady .Pcten- '
"tatr 117.. Stanipir-.g Ground 113.' Carbuncle' 108
i.'olonfcay 104. ' .-. ; '•."' ¦;' •• ' • • -.'-' ¦ '.' .;
W^-nthcr .-loud>~ tVack lieavy. ¦ . .' .--. • ¦ ¦
EHEEPSHE AD BAY-. SELECTIONS.
Rt >Jcw. Yorkf Morning Telegraph. . •
.First race— Black Spcks, ' Destiny,
Miss Shylocki j-' ¦ '•'¦¦ : .. -
Second race — Dolly Spanker, Base
ful, Lady Amelia. ¦¦"'-'
Third racer— John Barleycorn, Erbe,
Bi6e 4 rta. • "' "? ,' ; •; :" -
Fourth race— Flying. Ship, Eugenia
Burch. High Chancellor. .-
Fifth race — Widener's . entry,
Bounder.
Sixth race — Carbuncle, Duke of i
Eendal, Stamping Ground. *
•I-*ir»:.fTare. "five, and .'Si half f.urlongs. o'f' Fu-
Vturity ooy'r?^. ma'id^-n 2-y*'pr'-'o!"ds," selling— Palm-
Room 'B>,* Rc.'.man »'l, «»anancgue-105;-Miss- Shy
lock 89. 'Albtrtola 105,'. Cypflenr.e .1(>5, 'Oun
•Wad lu'i. Trit-tan Shandy .1<>7. V"nochcrd.'I07.'.
•Salada !irf. Mildrtd fc'M. »#".. Equity. 05; P!<juet=
"M. Anna Hastings 104: Tower M\- Jligh Heels
• f 4. n«gl« W4. BlatSc Socks lCS.-'Shady l>ad 91,'
lw.«nfy - i(j4, Liti5y.yirthfu4.lO0;...- . "• .- •; • .
"•Sti-onii face. Fix' furlongs' 6n- turf I the Part
r:dge—Montana Kitig.lir.- Lady A"meIia:l04. Jo
' «-ur.d 117. DoUy S.pankpr . 109, '.Pentaur 11:7,
Hjstful 117. Hazlewood VJ2. .Orera'de 114. TeU
low Itammer 107,'Hylan- Ji>4.-Ijnng- Spur. 107.- ..
SHEEPSHEAD '.; BAT 'ENTRIES.
..\V;W- YOnic/A-jg.-nr.— Sheepshead Bay-fa-
Xr.fr: •' ' ¦ • •-¦.--.-••..•¦ ••"••.• • _ .-
. - -. • . • 1
SHEEPSHEAI) € bAY..N'. T.; Aug. 31.— }
Among those who saw Sydney Pagefs ;
Ormcmdc's Jlight wis the Autumn etake j
to-day, the* th'ird 'race on the card, was ]
William O'b! Macdonouglt. the young !
California^, who serrt an a^ent to South j
America and paid *fl3-).OO0 for Ormonde, ,
s=irf of the winner of to-day's stake.
O'Neill rode the colt and* he won by 1
half a dozen lenpthf in such style as to ;
mako many marvel. It was O'Neill's j
third straight winning: mount, he having J
won? with Runnel? in the 'first* and with ¦
Major DainperJield in the second.
J. K. Madden, who now trains Major j
Paingcrfif Id. discovered that lie 'was in
tbf habit of "spee'dy cutting" and set to ¦!
¦work to amend the* difficulties. He had ]
the horse shod with "aluminum plates and i
told O'Neill to ride him without whip or !
spurs. The result v.as successful, for |
inkiiig the lead on the first turn, the I
Mack horse led all* the, \vay and won
easily. Summary: . *• *
Weather cloudy; track heavy.
riKST KACE — All ejrep; pur»>.- six furlongs:
BeftfOff. Horee, *V\>ight, Jockey. t?t. « t Fin. j
V to 2O— Runnels, V^-j rO'Nelll).. 3 2 1^1
'.I' to 1— Wealth. 115 <roburn>... 4 3 2h
S*4 to . 1— Ocean Tide. LOS (Fuller) 2 1 »3
• Time. 1:16. Start fair. Won-eaMly. Winner,
J. A. Drake' g* # br. c. bj Charade-Zingara. Sli
.d<*.l iZ". San Kcmo S7. also ran. • *•"*.. I
SECOND RACE— Handicap: three-year-olds; j
one and an eichth mi>s: • .; ,.¦¦#•]
Bettinp. Horse. Weight.. Jockey. St..*; Fin. j
K to 5— Maj. Dangerfield,12't<O'N) 2 "l" 14 /I
3 to 1— Duk» of -Kfn<lal»112<Odm)' 3 2 2 1V4
4-t to 1— Lord Bftdse, 105 ( Fuller. » 2.' 3 34'
Time, 1:55'^. Start 'good. * Won 'easily.-
Winner. W.' B. Leeds' br. c. by Uandspring-
Mondriot k .Hltnself li)C. also ran. .*
.' THIRD RACE-^-Au'tunVn" handicap for .maid -.'
*n* tnn-year"olds; five furlongs: . •. .- .- .
Belting'. BoraeT Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin. "
3 t* l'-Ormonde'B Right, lftMO'X.') 3. V • 1 6 ;
3 to 1 — Memories, JIG <Odom)i..:. l'.S 2 \ j
7 to L— Tipix-canoe, 119 *<FuIler). ..-4 4 3fi ¦
Time, 1 :14 3-5^ t Start fair.- Won '.easily.
; Winnrr. S.- PaE«=fs. ch. «c. * Cy" Ormonde-^ight". ]
• Orthodox 115. Komombo -112." 'Kesporfsive li2
Oold Paint 115. -AvfRpft 119. .Raider* 115. Oc- |
tol^r Flower- 112,. -ilarme^ ll"2, * ilunsoon-.il '2,
also ran." . • "• ." . •"' •••-.. •-¦'
FOURTHRACE.-^?;x fjrlongs-: Flying "hand-
ioap; three-year-old»: ."¦••...•
Pitting. Horse. Weight/ .Jockey. St. -\ Firi.'
¦'¦•.to- 10 — 5hot Gun. '1 10 *'Odom).'. -1" 1 1 XI, ¦' 1
7 ts 1 — Wild rThi'ine.' 102. (Redfn) 2 "3 2JU-J
• '1* to". '5 — River l;irp.telir.(.p'>'fill) 5- -5: 3 4.-1
Time, '.1 : 14 3-5. Start .Wood.'" Won hsndily. j
Winner. W. B. Jcnfllngs.'-b'. -c'. ' by • Artilleiy- j
Nerrettl Ada Nay. .115, Tarri O*g huiiter 106,
slso-ran. . ¦' . .' '•.''-•''¦.¦•.','• i
FIFTH "RACE— -Fly? '-fiirlonff*; • for "-'filUes; '
t»o-ypar-ol<is: ' •'. : '. " •-. '- • . ; '. ' ¦ :]
netting. . Morse. W>lghr. jockey. • St.- \ Fin!'
2'» to J — Mimjsa. *Tt (Redfern). /; 2' 11 I'M .
4 to 1— T. Heaths' 114 (.O'Neill) 1 2 2.5 •
7 to-1— Lida L<>ib.' 1M (Fuller).. ¦?,¦ J .3 h*-l
Tim*. -1:01. Start bad.' W on 'driving. Win-!
r.tr. W. t* Whitney' f br. -6r fclk.*f...oy Ham-'
• ••urg-Ca«Ui!ia'*. "French Matron" Iu9. inqulsit-iv*
tSirlilOB. Sonnma H»Ile.KX». Palette -1H, Out-'
rome 1'53, . n'uby Hempstead - |«JS», Marmalade
J<».». Fine .Art 110. -.also .ra rr.. ¦:'¦¦''. • '¦ -. .¦• . "
, SIXTH RACEI^-One'-anil a llxteenU) miles o.nj
¦ turf; 'three-ypar-olcV and upward; t-uUJng.: "-.¦¦.
.. Betting. Horse, "Weight.* Jockey." '^f.- -\-Fin.' .
.'•S to. 1— "Fir.'im Queen,. 100 VRVdfri) 1 1 '4'/
4. to 1 — Birch" Bro<)m.. 3 <i5< Gannon) J 3 2 4 '
: <;-to 5;— Oonundruiit, 108 >O'->Jeill).-3. "i '.-3.2 : -'.
- .Time, 1*.V{ 4-5.. - Star^:". good.; • Won .-.-easily,
W'nner.'. Brlstfl .StabdeV ch. f.'-bv" Tristan-'
Kaifrl AV.' Flora 1C«5_- Carroll D.1CH5.". The: RhW
n>r.ll'CL: HicJtenjack .»«^-Ix>rd'- -Turco .86, ! also i
e . ran.- • • '••• - ".. - •-. '. ' ¦' ¦. ;- • •¦.".'¦ •'- '• v*.*." 'I
Pp*rt»J Dlfpatch rY T>e. - Ca!l
SIXTH" RACI^ «li- : *'n4l00.yaiTii,' :^e.^*:
ing:-; . ••••••.' . . •"•-"..'.• ¦¦;¦'¦.••-' V- : '-^ .. '.; !¦'¦ "¦'¦'. '¦.
Bntting. 1 •- Horse.- WuJght.'Jop k>y." St.. %.: Fin.
7 to 1-r-Pr.. Kaits,: 101 (^h'illips).'. 1. "2- 1 n. '
-3 to-2— ¦M"elbou'rr.< > ,'--9.'{ ¦.('Kn*ppJ;.',:\3
5 toM-M?. Cairiijbell.-ao^HBodker)'7 :«. .3-6-
Time 1:57 : Start gbcid: - Won- . driyirig.
.Wi'iinVr, '.E..*- Herz'<-.bi- g; .bjx : Jtiafes-Be.ttje
Prince. •Antclee. :: \M, Bnjsh--By m"; -Wolfram
<.«.¦. Marion' Lynch' .99,..-JPSt "Merri^s.eiv.lOtt- also
ran.' '" •-..'. •.'. ..•:¦•¦¦¦". ¦-../..'••.¦ •; •.. ' .
• Time 4-:20''3-5^ •;sta.rt;".go'o'd:'- *V on. '•easily.
Winner, -E. Corriga-n"s. : b.' rn-'-by-pfslnl-Mo^nlit;
Charlie Thompson .103..- La'dy>K«iit"J'dl-, ITefaldo.
11^9, Demoniand -JB6.aU6. ran.-. ••.•¦•¦¦ ;••'.;..•
FIFTH RA'C^V-.Six-furrongs/.'piiree.:-- •; ¦•
Betyng. ' Horse.' Weight.: Jockey.'. St: %i- Fin."
1 to 2— Orf.e6, 9G (WSlsori). .*..-. .V.. 5- .2."1 2»4
5. toZ-^Gyp'^erie, 94 CRobbirrs} »'.-'.» '6. :1 .2.1.-
20 to 1— The. Don.. 'W»^-<-Phifli,ps)..-.'. 3- .3' 3" C ' !
' Time'l:£>S 3-5.~ Stait good. ••"Wpn/in'terrifjc
drive. \\'inner. Gorman ¦& .Bauer's- b." h. . by-
Spendthrift-lntacta.-.' .Bragg:' 100,". Ada .-N.-. 102
also ran. . ¦ .-:''- •-• .." . : : . -• .' '•¦.' ""'
FOURTH. RACE — One and a sixteenth miles,
purse: ' .. '• • V ' ' . " ; * •
Betting. Horse. .Weight. Jock>y. St. %. -Fin. •
3 to 2-^-Jaek Ratlin! .100 (BonnerJ 3 f In
4 -to 1— Louisville* «S (Wilson).. ..'4' 2-2 8
6 t<3 2— Callant, 91 (Phillip*) '2 3. 32 : .
THIRD RACE — One . ajid.. an elgh'Hi miles.
Oak Park handlca'p: -;.*•.
Betting. Ho'rre. Weight. Jogkey.-St. %. Fin. .
7 to 2— Judge Hirhes, 125 (Otis).. 5 8 14
10 to 1— Fading" Light* 90 (Knapp) 6" 1 '2 9,,
2io 1— Floyd K, i>0 (Wilson) 4" 5 3 2^
¦•Time. 2:04 1-5. Start good. Won 'galloping.
'Winner. C% R. '-Ellison's ch. c. by- Ksher-Lul-'
laby.' -Rank-in' 104. Postmaster" AVrfght ' l'»8,
Gregpr K 100 also --fan. ••• •..-.' ....
Time 1:00 4-5. Start good. Wop. driving.
Vinner. J. B. Respess' b° t. by Handball-Marie
Shanklin. Viola. 100. Liberty Bell 100, Susie
Christian J00 fllso ran.
SECOND fcACB— Five furlonr?. pun>e:,
•Cettjng. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »;. Fin.
Even — Copper-field, 103 (Bonner). 2 4 1 nk
! » to 2 — K. Powers', luo (Adktns).. B 1 2 4
L « to 1 — Commodore. 103 (Wilson). 3 2 3 4
Time 1:21 1-5. Start bad. Won easily.
Winner. 11. C. Moshier'g b. g. by Deceiver-
Fable... Goody Two Shoes 95, Little Mi?«ion
!*». Safe Guard 94. Walkenshaw, 'J7. Silver
Fizz 02, Merry Flight 90, J.ackfu!l U5, 1'earldge
.S7 also ran.
In one of the most desperate finishes of
1 the year Jack Ratlin won the fourth race
' Urorn l^ouipville by a nose. .The weather*
was clear and coo*, and the attendance
'was large. Summaries:
FIRST RACE— Six furlfngs. jelling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. JocKey. St. ?i. Fin.
. 7 to 1— Albcrmarle, Bi (Phillips).. 2 111
i » to 2— M. Johnson, «:• (Robbins). 6 3 2 2
« to 2— Evg. Star. 104 (Da vie) 4' B 3 3-
CHICAGO. Aug. 31.— Judge Himes at 7
to 2 won the Oak Park Handicap, the
feature event at Harlem to-day. Hlmes
trailed his field until the stretch turn was
reached when he came on and won easily.
The heavy, lumpy track was responsible
for numerous scratches and the big field
In the first, sesond and fifth events were
reduced to fair size.
Ep«clal Dispatch to The Call,
.-fl'me . 1:1.<%- 'Stacf '•g6od.-. Won - driving.
Winner J. 'S. :Bratton's b. .fn..Jb>f Esher.-Morn
fng-Glory. . Orleans.- 10.8/ F.a1se 103, 'Una. frtee.
rOO,'- Legation t.01f. '.The Steytatdezs 106, '-M.af tie.
,103. ' >'ana 100.. ; Solo- I.t'-'lOO;-. Ijelia.- Barr 100,
also' :ran.' •'¦. '.'?".- ..' ••-- ;.v : • ".- ; •:-..¦• ; '-. .- ; '--• r
" ¦ SlkTH'ii ACE^-Six- $ urrori^si-' selling : ¦¦'¦ . ,V; |- :
Feiting. ' Horse, '.Weight/ Jox!k.ey. , 6t." »i' f in.-
r 7.' to 2V=-ThjE-oVy. • 101.. <P«rklns) . .' .' : .* •' 2 ¦ 1- nkf
'0 to-'-l— Tenny JJelle;. 100.. (ScliHy)' 3. $•;£*:
'30 "to .l^-Cailed- Back; '95^MoTvell)' « 1 1. ' 3- 1 •
¦ FIFTH JRACE— Mile and -,'se.vent'y. 'yards;
purse:. ' '•' ' •'. ' ... ' *.
Be'ttlng. •. Horse;- Weight;/ Jockey. St.. *i Fin.
ft to 1— *5old- XJlitter.-'lOO {Welckrty i •2-'l..to'-.
i) *to 5— BeVyino, -105 ' lloudcn) . , . . .•.'2' 1 . 2 8 .
3- to-'l— -pecoration; 95 («-owerl);:-.'.3 4V.S ?•[>
> -T|me ' l':4SV-V- Star* ;' go.od.. .Won 'driving.
Wlnnert .C: K'.' Moore's .br.
•Geldie Cad.; . H.lndf.'100;7 Kentucky Cardinal
U5; also .Tan! '. ' " ' '. ;.' -. : ' .';.••..••¦...; .-'•*..'•''¦ :Z'
FtfURTH RACB— Six furlongs;" Delmar"Ju
"yenlle selling stakes: • • , • .
Betting. Horse... Weight. Jockey." St. %.Fln.
5 to 2 — Imboden, 115 (Sheehan).,. 4 3.16
V to 3 — Maj. Carpenter 10<r (Smith) 2 ol "2' 12
1 to' .'}"-Bride. 00 (Howell) .. ? 1 2 3
TiHre,. 1:17. Start goo.a. __ Won ya.<«iy. [ Wln
.ner, W. Cole A C.o.'s.'ch. c. by Cuido^Sound.
Only 'three starten;.' .'•:-.« °. « o •
„ THIRD RACE— One and a slxfeenth miles;
selling:
Hettlng-. Horse.l Weight Jockey.- St. »4 Fin.
5 to L*— Dr. Hart, 104 (Howell).... 3 .1 1 1^
5 Jtq 2 — Xeversuch. 01 (Perkins) .» . 4 4 2 *6.
3 to 1— Morris Volmer. 103 ..(ShtaJ 2 2 3 8
• 1101?. 1:49%. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. J. J. .Ogle's b. g. by Hart Wallace-
Florence £hanks. Eugenia S 93, 'Whitmore .95,
Counter. Tenor 103.. also ran. °- 0 "
SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs; purse:
Betting. Jlorse, Weight, tfoekey. St. % Fin.
S to 5— Dr. Cartledgf, 95 (Perkins) 2 3 1 h
7 to 1— Worthlngton.o 112 (Scully). 3° 1 2 5
7 to 1 — Revenge Dare. 110 (Shetfn) 5 2 3 n
Time. 1:21>«4. Start good.. Won driving.
Winner. J. F. Daniels & Co."s b. -t. by Fara
way-Dare Vale, 110. TIckful 107, also
ran.
The second, fifth and sixth races de
veloped close finishes, and taken alto
gether, the sport was unusually good. The.
weather was cloudy and the track good.
Summaries: 7
pu« I " ST RACE - 4rive a nd a half furlongs;
Betting. Horse. Weight.' Jockey. St. % Fin.
4u»to 1— W. p. Palmer. 105 (Scully) 3 115
H to 1— BandllI °. 1CS <C. Bonner) 5 3 'i n
-0 to 1— F. Collins. 105 (Howell) 4.2 33
Time. l:10-? 4 . Start good. Woii easily?
Winnor, Martin & Patton's ch. c. by Joe Nor
wooU-Ethel Gray. Foxy Grandpa 108 Harber
108. Port Warden 108, Ryevale 105, ° Bustler
105. Sweet Note 10S. Bertha Van 105. King's
Dream 106. also ran. • . o
Special Dispatch to The Call.*
ST. LOUIS.. Aug. 31.— Racing: w/is* «-*
sumed at Delmar Park to-d'ay. "The fe'a
ture event of the card, the Delmar Juven
ile Stakr»s, was won by Imbpden in easy
fashion. • • ' "
Several Qlose -Finishes Make°
. .. the Day|s Sport Ex- '• ";'
cellent. • "• • ; /:
Judge "Hinjes Takes the Oak
-. . Park Handicap Very'. •' :
•* .*; . Easily. * ' .
Major Daingerfield, Shod Wjt"h
•** Alumitrum Plates, *a :
• * Victor * " *
Louisville Beaten by a
Nose at Harlem .
• . •• Track. \
Juvenile Stakes Award
ed Without Excit-r
ing Incident.. •
Ormonde's ' Right Wins
. the Autumn Stake
".at Sheepshead.* .
COLT SURPRISES
THE HORSEMEN
DESPERATE RACE
FOR JACK RATLIN
IMBODEN WINS
DELMAR FEATURE
A^woman will not bejleve a saint if he
tells her what she does not want to be
lieve; she will believe the blackest villain*
if he tells her what she wants. to believe. '
Ladies' championship— Miss Myrtle Mc-
Atecr, Pittsburg, beat Miss Carrie Neely,
ChicaRo. 6-4. 6-3.
1 NIAGARA OfrJ THE LAKE, Aug. 31.—
The Niagara International Tennis Tourn
ament was continued here and many
matches were disposed of.. Score*T
Men's .championship singles. First
round— P. 'Hall, Toronto, beat H.E. Avery,
Detroit, 6-4, C-3; E. H. Fisher, New York,
beat Ralph Rose, Hamilton, 6-2, 7-5, 6-3;
Sidney Smith, New York, beat P. Acker
land, Cincinnati. 6-2 7-5; D. O. Peterson,
Toronto, beat D*. Lloyd. Plttsburg, 6-2,
6-3.
Many Maiches Are Disposed Of at the
International Tournament.
TENNIS v AT NIAGARA.
The result* of to-day's : races . leaves La
Rita and Sprite tied for first place, each
having a percentage of 250. These two
yachts will ¦ meet in a , special race to
morrow to decide the question of suprem
acy. ...
CHICAGO, Aug. 31.— La Rita won t$
day's race, in . the series for possession
of the Sir Thomas Lipton cup. Hodsier
was second. Sprite third, Pilot fourth
and Little Shamrock fifth. "^
CHICAGO YACHT EACES.
La Rita Wins in . Series for Sir
Thomas Lipton Cup.
WHATCOM,. Wash.. Aug. 31.— Charles
Ritchie of St. Lbuis to-night knecked out
Roliey Bates ot this city in the fourth round
of what was to have been a twenty-round go.
READVILLE, Mass., Aug. 31.— On ac
count of the heavy condition of the track
the Neponset Stake race for 2:06 pacers,
scheduled for to-day, was again post
poned^ and will be helff on the first day
upon which conditions shall be favorable.
Neponset Stake Race Postponed.
ilcGinnity. Pitches and Scores Double .
.: .. Victory for 'Third :Tinie-...--v':
'¦;¦ , '.•¦" • •' '¦ This Season; ' ... ; . •" '•'. •..'.';
......,'.- -NATIONAL LEAGUE..' ...' .' ¦¦'/\
iii^y YORK". ;A-uE.;..'>l.-^The Phila'd'iiJhian* .
lost- t>oth. games. ;o-rtay .at'the- polo ¦ jf roimd-i. -.
•McGlnnfty. pitched, botb «ames. sccrruiKa doubi'a
.victdry for 'the third' -time ' this . sfason. .'Th# .
'home ..team hit. Duggleby freely in the >econd .
same.' AttenSance, U500. Scoria: • . ¦•¦ ..¦ ."
•First jrarnc— '. .' " • • R. ' II. .E.
New York ..*.-... U '..- 4 .9.. . 0-
Philadelphia . .' \ .;. J. .' '. .. 1. 5- .'.2.
• Urittcries-^McGlnniij- and Warner; Fraserind •
Ziir.meY. . . - ¦-.-; - ' ; ' •¦"..•- ...- ..- :
'•-Becond-'game^' -... : ..' '• • '• R_ '-flT.' E.'-
New York. :... l .-.-.':.. ..;,:.:•...:...»• 11 '"I".
Philadelphia ..\.. : ."../,.. '.'".. ..;. ... ... '2 ,.' .6 ; .:«f
Batterie*— McGl.beUy • arid \Varn*r; Dugsleby
•arid pvoin: ' ' '-. • • '. ,:.'". . • . . - . . .'
.CHICAGO, .-Aug. .31-. — Bunched- -hi^s" In -'thrVe ¦
ln'n!nss ».n.d the --visitors* ca^g^d fielding gave'
•the'locals to-day'* Ka.m>. - -\\lcker-. was-hit for':
only nve 'eSTettes. bcif. three "of tlyem. were ex-'
.tra bases ana", score'il all ¦¦of.-Ciiicinnatrs' rutwi.'
Attendance, 2100. •• Score:'. ;• .V. -.'•• -. : •.•'•¦•.¦
. •¦- • ; • •. ¦.;•:• ••'.'. • •¦¦ '; ¦¦ : --r- . iv .e.;
Chicago :.'.: : ,'.:...:.. ...:..\:...*.. fr.- 'I:!-.'-- '•• 2
•Cir.cinnnatl. . ....-.:.. ,\\.-\ . .>-. ..,-, /-s.. .; -5 ¦' , -5
' Batteries—^Wicker. a^i'd--'KHng'-; Su'thbiS, 'Pcfole •
and-reltz. * . . •• .- ": .'•..• : . -. ." : •' ¦".:¦•.•
. '. tJK.OOKLTX.--A'ug.'- ."li.-^Iri •' an-unratereiting .
game ' Urooklyn defe'ated-;"Ik>i|{ori"trJ-jta'y. B.ut;
}for'.>fr.orsv in. the. secoi\d .': Inning" 'the "jjiKjto'rst".'
. wtfuld- . hVve v bee,n ¦ rtiu t ou t.; -;At tendance; ' 1 : v ••¦>. . .•
Sebfe: •'• • . : ••' .-; : -.. .;•' :.- .: ' •'¦ : " '¦¦.".-.' ¦ V- ''
..¦'-¦¦ .- '¦¦¦¦¦-'-'/¦''. : ¦•¦¦¦ '. ¦¦ .-V:.'--itv W-ty
•Boston ;.,»...................¦.¦....'... V4.--3\ ; «.
•Brooklyn. Y.-.: i,:,...:;..-.^: ...%;-J;..-l4.. .'ia. ' 4
. .'Batteries — .V.:illis- and Kojrdajr: 'Jo'ne's-.and Rit-'
-¦ter. : -. ¦¦: ¦. ' ••"•.•¦¦.-' ¦' .-•,".•."••• .-• •".'
•' ST. :IXVL"IS..-Ausr:.31.— ;By.an5nth inning-raihy
• thaft. netted- -the'm fl.vo 'rans -fhe-Pittsbxirga- won."
from .St. ¦• Louis : to.-d^yj, Plttsfcirrg'-s riew'bat 1 -'
teiy worked- weiU -.Attendance;- TOO: Score> •• ••
• •¦•'¦¦'.":¦ ',.''.: : : .\-;-: "'¦¦-"-.•. ;; : .-'-'r: -h.:.e..:
¦ SfJjoula :....... I.. ..-.*-;.:.:\..\i:.\ 6 , -."e-. ' -9.
Pittsturg:'.i:~'. —¦.•.•-;••.••..'.>..:.••¦-.•¦••••» • 1* • V
BaftpfleJh-^CurTlft-and-^yin;' Th6my«oh- «ad
Carisch: '.¦_-•• -. ;-. . •.--':•. •¦ • ', "• •. -.••¦'....:....•
: -.".:•¦•.': AMERICA^f. LEAGUE.- •-.¦•¦ •';¦'¦
I . WASfllNGTQN, 'Ausr. 31.'—Waahinjtoor-.eapi
tured the first; game of to-day's double-header °-
•arid .Boston- -took' the second. The...-flr»f gkmm'.
was a pitchers'- battle lietweea Patten and Dl
nern-er.d te'rmjnated.-.in 'the tenth, when, with
one. man on base, McCormtck put the ball over
the. •fence. ". Boston . secured an easy -lead in th» •:
second game and. was never In danger.'. Dark-'
ness ¦ ended. the game after the eighth inning.-
Attendance. 14t2. .Scores:- •' •. . '. ¦• '..
First- game — •" --¦¦." ' • ; -R. H.'"E-
Washington '...>»...•,,.•...»;..¦.¦... 2 "¦ ¦ 8 . '%'
fEcstoh .-. ... ; ... ;...'.-... •;..'. i x ' g : j.
.Batteries — Pat tea ahd.Dri'.li.-Dlneen and Cri- ''.
-.Second game— ..'• ' ••' . . . • R.' h. : IT.
Wasn.ington ....<.......,.. ...2 S 2
Boston .'.;.i 3 ' 7 0
¦' Batteries— Dunkle and Drill;- Gibson and i '
Stahl. ... ..-¦¦; ».". ....
• ST.- LOUIS. Aug. 31.— St. Louis -took the
double-header t ron» Cleveland this afternooA al - i
most as easily as the latter team . defeated £u
Loula yesterday.- Attpnd.ance, -3100. Scores i:'-'
. .First gamej— ' . V .- '" • *R. ' H. E
St. Louis ........ i...:...-..i..i...'...8'-. 10 -2
Cleveland '. '.' :¦'....: 3 : J4" %
Katterles — Wright an-1 Sugden; Moo?» and
Bemia. ¦ • . •
Second game — • ' • • . E. ' H E
Sr. Louis j.. 6 8 2
Cleveland .1 2 5 1
Batteries — Powell and Sugden; Stovali and
PHltAI?ELPHIANS LOSE .: ;. -
.'. BOTfi GAUES. AT NITW". YQltK
Berkeley .Office San Fraticisco; C^ll,
-.'.'¦'r • ¦.¦.¦214S:Cen'ter'Stree^-'Au'g: 31.' ¦:''
' In . ' anticipation ' of- .the /inauguration 'of
the sjeaspti-bf 'fpotbali training' t<?-morrpw,
¦the- pigskin' men o^ the University -of- Cal-
Jforriia' joined in. a rally this afternoon in
North-Hall.. There Were fifty of. them [and
nearly every one made a speech.. the. key.
note of all 'being that the candidates Xot
Bijj'C's should work, hard and not-talk
back to the coat : . '•" '"-- •' .
•; Trainer Christ : we the men ' the'
¦stiff est talk of a.. Jle told them'they
ought to make up their minds whetHer
they wanted to play football or dp some
thing else and then stick to it. His talk
was; followed by speeches by Stow.' Mini,
More, : Strbud, Demeritt. Howard., Middle
ton,- Muther; Geary, Coach Whipple- and*
Captain Overall. Graduate Manager .De.
•coto. acted as 'chairman of the meeting..-.
• The men .will begin training to-morrow
afterncon at 4 o'.clock.- It-has. been agreed'
between- Coach Wiiippie and' -Trainer
Christie to keeR the freshmen squad going
for the. .'first three weeks so' that it .ca.n
be fairly .well started. The • first week
will be. spent 'in running and.' falling on
the ball. and the last two In team work".
•Fifty freshmen signed. the roll : to-day;
• The 'candidates - for the , varsity team
.will put Jn-a -week or so running and fall
ing- qri .the' ball before they • are ' sent
against any; hard work. Among the vet
erans; on the roll are -Overall,. Stow,
S'troud, Howard,' Demeritt. Hudson,' Mini-,
More. Muther,- RIsley. Phillip-;, Force,
Sabcn, Mfddleton, Craig. Burke and Oli
ver, all of whom played either ' on . the
varsity or second eleven last year.
Manager Decoto of California and Man
ager Cowden of Stanford have agreed
that the big game shall be played .on No-,
vember 14 on the Richmon i grounds In
San Francisco. In the meantime the uni
versities will play elevens from the Uni
versity of Oregon, University of. Nevada.
Olympic, Reliance and Multonomah Club
teams and the Cheroawa Indian School
team of Oregon.
General Joubert's chair, made of ebony,
bok horns and hides, and captured from
his laager at Usaben, near Lydenburg, is
now treasured by Lieutenant Colonel
Urmston t at Glenmroven, sound of Mull.
FOOTBALL MEN
JOIN IN RALLY
".. At-.! the 'close, of .-ttte. crafty "thfef. following;
fearcdidates-'.for thV.varslty; ele.yen' signed
;the training -.rules; a'nd'.wiH appear.' on the
gridiron 1.- K '.P-'-BarisDach, -P.." 'Jarpey.'-H.
Bii tterfi^Id-; G. ' H. ..Clark; 'SV:/- li : : Scholfleld.
G.'- B, '.Hathaway,'.- R.'- H: .-Lachmuhd," D.
T?arp)eyV-'.'F..-' -Wilbur."- J.' .StaJifoffiT. "AT.
jphahd!er,".F'.:Lan«/.H." Shields,' G:-. Jacobs.
E.° .Stillman-,. Hi BaskerviUe. A. Sp'rott.- A.'
Bryan,'.. Al. Exgderlcksan," J.' .St'evens and
:M, "j; Weller. . .Oth'er.names- wi!l be. added
to^fnqrrdw,- ¦"¦'¦¦,".•-'.•: 7. '.•..".'¦¦•'.• :-..-' *• "'
/Professor. T, A". Storey,' head'. p'X 7. the
gymnasium department," spoke' 6n- the
necessity of conscientious .tfainfng-, and.
Treasurer •Dl.-'V.' -Co.wden" "of •' t.he Asso
ciated'.'Students urged, the -student' -body
to" support; him in-. his endeavor tb" clear
¦fhe: large indebtedness V.hicJh .the associa-
tfon -.fra's. .iYicufred,;,ahd: declared ;his.' in-'
;fe.ntlon; .to' manage the.;'. finances 'as care
fully. -as ; pdsslblp 'without ,.cu-rta.lirnjj. # any r
qt ;th]e gridiron" e.?sen'tfals: ."•'•'.'. '¦'¦¦¦¦¦'. ¦ ¦¦'.'.
Head Coach J. F. Lanagan, 1900. was
next called upon, and araid the cheers of
the assembled students climbed upon a
table and outlined his policy for the sea
son. He said in part:
"Every man must realize we have an
uphill row, for Berkeley has practically
all of last year's team. A thoroughly
trained team is absolutely essential, and
we shall £o into the big .game with a
trained team if it has to.be composed, of
frashm'en, or men who weigh only HO
pounds. Trainlpg. rules must.be observed
and the best man' will oe. chosen legard
less of every'thi^e/V •''./ '.-.- '. . ..
Captain Bansbach spoke in."mutfh '-the'
same, tenor as Coach .-L.ari.agan,. and 'said'
that every candidate", wouhi be given- a
chance to play on the varsity' eleven dur
ing the preliminary work.". "At VTeasJ
twenty-three men,"' said, he, . -be
given a chance* In . /every • preliminary"
game' up to within three ' weeks-' of . ttte
intercollegiate- cpntest.".-' • "••..".".
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Aug. 31.—
The first football rally of the college year
was held in Encir.a Hall to-night and
to-morrow the active work of the football
season will be on. The large clubroom
of the men's dormitory rang with the
collie yells and songs and tho enthusi
asm displayed by the 500 men present
promises good support for the .varsity
eleven this fall. A number of the men
prominently connected with the- develop
ment of this year's football team were
called on far remarks apropos of the
opening of the gridiron "season.
Professor C. R. Ewe'rs, '96. who has as
sisted In the coachmg during the last
three years, urged the collegians to be
loyal to their team and support the mem
bers as they deserved.
• Special 'Dispatch to The Ca'lL
• : John! Hertz, manager pf Benny Yanger.
received "a .telegram from 'hla clever botfer;
saying .Benny would start -.for this coast
on Saturday next. Of anger's hand is- in.
good sHab'e and he has been working. " In.
•Chicago." Benny' wllirhave- three weeks to
train for* his battle with • Eddie; Hanlcm;;
•Eddie is at present at CrolVs preparing, (or
the fray'/ . '¦..'•'-. ' :".:•'• ; '. '/¦'.. " •-."" .¦':.' v
Gore flowed at the Hayes Valley Athlelio";
Clyb's show -last* night. Qua Ko3ter. aeV
cured -a decision over Jim Fox after, four •
rounds "of heavy going. Koster used' a
straight left whI<HJ connected wfth'Foi's".
beak and made the blood flow! . Kostef,
did the hard work. for three- rounds", and",
then Fox unlimbe'red his heavy; ¦ flre -ahcT
ir.;ide a Garrison -finish. .The.' erofc-dV
thought Fox was tho winner, but .the*,
judges gave it to Koster and received the
approval of fair minded ring goers..- ..'-._ *
Willie O'Brien went against Joe Swept-'
roan and lasted two rounds. -b'Brien-'
started out to lower Lou Dillon's, record '-,
for spired, but his condition and a. few.
punches in mid-section took his steam
away. Hill scored a knockont in the sec- •
ond round. Harry William lost a decision;
to Joe Kelly, a lanky youth who knew,
as much of the game as«the loser, which '
was little. Dick Murray settled Tom Bps-; .
si's : aspiration in the third. This was a.
fast bout and it was any one's battle
until Murray connected and then Bossl"
took a ten second trip to dreamland. . ,
Joe. Hall and George Murdoch fanned'
the atmosphere for four rounds and Hall
was given the decision. "Kid" Parker,
won enough to buy a new gVeen sweater ,
by. beating Jack Dunne in three rounds./-' . .
'Joe Choynski is in town and is proudly
displaying a handsome "fcold brick", pre
sented him by admirers in the Klondike
regions. The brick Is the Teal thing and
is -Valued at JCOO. Joe. is delighted with
the reception he, recel ved in- • Alaska. ;•. :: ¦¦ ;.',
Jos -Ohoynski ••ArriveV'Ffro.^'
. North With. Gold .._Nug : gei : ;\
. and New3i :--".VAv^.v r ;
Many 0 Candidate? for Varsity
.' o Eleven Sign the Train-" •
Has a Shade the Better
of Jim Pox inVPdnr.i' "..
Round BouC/.-" \ ."*.
Stanford Men Make Dor
mitory Ring With
• College Yells."
FOOTBALL RALLY
AT UNIVERSITY
KOSTER WINS
CLOSE CONTEST
THE SAN 1EANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 1; 1903. i
Championship Tournament Is-Opened'Under
Favorable Conditions, but Preliminary
• Matches Prove to Be Rather * One . Sided
COAST TENNIS PLAYERS OF NOTE
MEET ON HOTEL RAFAEL COURTS
8
ADVEETISEMEITTS.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS.
Indigestion, Dyspepsia, Constipa-
tion, Biliousness, Heartburn or
Na%sea can be quickly cured if you
will only take Hostetter's Stom-
ach Bitters at the first symptom.
There can be* no disappointment
because it contains only, those in-
gredients that will strengthen. the
stomach arid cure these ailments.
We urge you to try it the next
time your stomach gets out of or-
der. The genuine must have our
Private Stamp on neck of bottle.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SICK HEADACHE,
Catarrh begins jwith.a stubborn cold in the head, inflammation or sore-
ness of the membrane or lining of the nose, discharge of mucus matter,
headaches, neuralgia and difficult breathing, and even in this early stage
is almost intolerable. But when the filthy secretions begin to drop back
into the throat and stomach, and the blood becomes polluted and the
system contaminated
by the catarrhal Tioi* J had a continual headache, my cheeks had grown
«« «L« «T ~ 5 purple, my nose was always Btopped up, my breath
On, tnen the SUnerer pad a sickening- and distrusting odor, and I cousrhed
beeins to realize whit -» } n cesaantly. I heard of S. S. S. and commenced to us«
jlf ?• ° reaiIZ f V° at a it and after taking .overrf bottles I was cured and
disgusting and Sicken- have never since had the slightest symptom of the
inc disease i"c disease. Miss MARY I*. STORM,
ing aisease <L.atarrH IS. Northwest Cor. 7th and Pelix Sts.. St. Joseph, Mo.
it i aliects the kidneys •
and stomach as well as other parts of the body. It is- a constitutional
disease and as inhaling mixtures, salves, ointments, etc., are never more
than palliative or helpful, even in the beginning of Catarrh, what can
you expect from such treatment when it becomes chronic and the "whole
system affected ? Only such a 'remedy as S. S". S. can reach this obsti-
Sy^^^ i^ nate, deep-seated disease and purge the blood 1 of the
r^^l {<^N catarrhal poison. S. S. S. purifies and builds up the
diseased " blood, and the inflamed membranes are
fc^yy healed and the excessive secretion of mucus ceases
J . '— ¦ when new, rich blood is coming to the diseased
parts, and a permanent cure is the result.
S. S. S. is guaranteed purely vegetable and a reliable remedy for
Catarrh in all stages. Write if in need of medical advice; this will cost
you nothing. JJf£ swlfT SPECinG CO., ATLANTA, CAm
ygy M. Ea £l R Wi ffl^ B^q HH v^Vj'lVXJr^ J^^xxlN X •
Coal Reduction
2000 Pounds
Put in Your Bin
AMERICAN GANNEL $10
geld by All Reliable Scalar*. . ,SENATOR ..- FROM:'/. VCqLORAp.O.,
l^jnajOTt HAS- 'JUSJP ''•
\ 7 .-:FRp^v-A-*^s.KA*' ;! i)v i? >^'.' < ':¦•!¦ ''¦
WOdpLAND, Aug. 31.— The first car
load of wine grapes -picked in the county
and possibly in the State was received at
the winery Sunday morning. They came
from the Wyckoff vineyard, near Dunni
gan,» and are of excellent aualjtv.
Firsjt Shipment of Wine Grapes. 4
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 31.— When fhe
guard on the watch tower at San Quentin
at midnight called "all's* well," Martrn
G. Aguirre relinquished all claim to the
wardenship . of the State penitentiary.
Major J. J.'Tomkins assumed control of
the 1400 inmates and nlnety-flvo attaches
of tba prijaon.
• " Warden Aguirre Retires.
SAX DIEGO = Aug. 31.— About 150 feet of
the Jorres wharf dropped Into the bay
this afternoon; but fortunately there, was
np one on the portion that collapsed. The
outer- portion of the wharf has been sel
dom used* of late, as It was ' fishermen's
wharf, and the. collapse occurred beyond
the point at which fish are delivered.".
Wharf .Drops Into the -Bay*.
¦ ¦ ? ¦ • ....
Death of Butte County- Pioneer.
"CPIICQ, Aug. '31.— E*_M. Sparks.,' a pio
neer of 1849. who -In. "early .days was a
prqminent "mining map* of Northern Cali 1
fornia.'die'd at his ,hom^ -in Oroville this
'mt>r"nlng. He was 76 years of age. He
and his wife were "the first .couple eyer
'married in-Butte. County, their 'marriage
having been solemnized February 24, 1851.
To Mrs. Sparks was born the- first w'hite
chiM in Butte County, that child now
being Mrs. D. K." Perkins of Orovllle.
Governor Pardons Insane Convict.
SACRAMENTO, Aug.^ 31.— Governor
Pardejfc to-day- granted a "pardon to Ber
nard McQuald, convicted In Yuba* Coun
ty, of robbery.- and sentenced to* five years*
imprisonment at .San Quentin. ¦ McQuaid
"soon; after being" taken to San Quentin
•-beca-me insane: . Th'e pardon was* granted
upon the conditto/i' tjiat- the insane pris
* oner's , father, 'should take him -to his
former home at -Minneapolis, Minn.,* and
there'keep and* care for him. **;•-*
• NAPA, Aug. .31.— Mrs. L,'. F. Dozier, wife
of Dr. L. F. Dozier, who was one of the
physicians 'at the 'Napa State -Hospital
for more than twenty-five years, died at
Tier home near Anderson, :Shasta County,
la'-st Saturday from paralysis. . The 'body
will *be brovfght to Napa.to-morrow.morn
•ing. tor interment -Decea.sed was a' native
•of South Carolina. She. leaves her hus
band, "ohs sari. Dudley Dozier. of Ander-.
son, and- a- stepson, District Attorney. T.
B.- Dohier of Shasta County. ' . . •' .
Paralytic Stroke Proves Fatal.
, -Frank O'Kane,. a dealer, in* oia. horses,
was • convicted "by . Police Judge * Mogaa
yesterday on a charge' of cruelty. to ani
mals ahd was fined $50 with\ the" "alter
native of- serving' fifty days in- the
County Jail. 'He was arrested while lead
ing ah old horse with one -hoof -entirely
"gone. He Intended to. kill .the animal'.'
It .had been purchased by. him '.from- -a
'.'trusty''- at the Branch County "Jail", for
¦*£•¦ •'-. " ' ' : ¦"^V- ;-v;
Fined- for Cruelfy to'.-. Animals:
. - RANDSBURG,, Aug. 31.— The .Yellow. As»
"teir mine started up" Sunday morning' with
'a- small force. -Sheriff KeHey'- arid* his-
who arrived Saturday, are pn>r
tecting the employes by armed guards;
.wlto. accompany the men to . and from
- work. The Yellow Aster Company is. car
'.ing for Its employes in bunkhouses and
.boardfng-houses of Us. own, Fpur'of the
men .from ' Joplln •* refused to work, .they
having "sworn allegiance to the Miners*
Union.' A few of the. old men have, re
turned* to -work".. .. "-1"" 1 '*¦ %r . ; " v "-*;-*''•
ARMED GUARDS . ESCORT '.. '•
¦ MEN TO AND FROM "WORK
"..jl.- Ldndcm, '2$V* Eas't "street, secured a
v.-arrant .' f rom Pojfce J'ud§e Mo'ga'ri yes-"
terday for -the arrest ot Robert 'Freeman
on a--charge of • embezzlement.-*.- He' -sai-1
lie; left. -Freeman In ' charge . pf '.his" place,
of business while" he.' was 'away p'n- his
vacation, and w"hen he" retqrned he- «ils
covered that Freeman' h"*d been receiving
jhoney and failing '.to/account for it..'TKf
total ariiount-is "not yet known'.'. '. ¦ • / V
Accused" of-Embeizlemeht.
Strike Tttfay .Intdlve Bulldin^Trades:
SEAITLE r ,AuS- : " 31.— TheTe is no. pr.es
enfc prospejrt; 6f-a-set«?ihentof fhe teama
ieH': -sfrike, .a.nd .devetbp'ments- to-morrow
ma"i:";invqlv\j-^ll-"tn«.".buildlns" trades of
the city:- 'The Western; Central. Labor Un
ioft." hel4 va • "specltil meeting to-night,-' at
Which-' "the.". situation/" was' dtscuased. but
ho-"actiori'.wa3'takcn..- - • ' .-. . ••- • •
;• '.U ':¦': an-iidiir • Gait.;' - ; . '.
• "A-- Cotbrad.6 ' "Micilaijd f rfci'glrt; •; tr^ih -crew .
•flv4 miles ajapye MaWtfeir' aV.p'p.'^lock Ihia
•morning pltingeS-down .throtigh'.-.Kfei'nit.bu '
and -in.to .CQlorado City *ai" -ari" estimated
speed" ot .100° miles an 'hour, .lri Colorado"'
¦City the train, which" consisted "of an .en'
gine, af caboose'- antl sixteea loaded/'ijbx
eari, plunged"" iiito a. switch e*ng|ne .on- a ;
siding," 'knocking'- the- dead* ":.:nrore'
than 'one huhdre,d' yards and preCipitat,ing
one. of -the" worst wrecks, in* Uie" history of'
We.sterh railroading- .The members of; the
train.-cr"ew jumped, leaving the train, to",
its -fate" when it was sfcen that if could riot
.¦be control l.ed. No .one was •frijurod.-.--. ':/• - -.
CHAiVGES -WIL^EBSON ; .^WITH .' • ¦;¦'.
: "' •'; '¦':. : '" ¦-.'• AIDING-: DIAMOND/ SEtliEpEt
Suit 'Qver,BiT^
", ¦;•.;••" . -*b"tfVir.eeis'.-;*ltfdre;-.-TViotLbieJ-; '¦¦; : '¦.;
v-.°; .>•-<. ¦.¦¦.fbr : 'Hei;$.pd.u'seJ ..;•'•. :^v' .;' • ; :
,' . -Attorney. WHliam. Hump'hrej;, ;' legal. rep-;
rcsientatiye. '•¦•'pf .'Maude. Ajn-tjer' -iWllkeraoh,"'."
¦ In yi* siit" brought 'liy... E^ ..'A\ ;Fano,^a; i#os •
Arigeles . jew'eier.,"' .tb. recover.- Jf'..|500 -dra.- •
vrnpnd/giv-eri-to. JtetvbjP her = husband, -lra°
Puert • '.'Wilkferson'; / .yesterday" : ." :opeiily ; .
charged ' hi'.-. J.udge. -SeawelFs"; court; , where'.
o the-"suit'iar onMrtaW tha^t ; Faha -arid.- "V\*tl-'
" k'ef&qh were- .acting . iii- collusion' in *".trjfelr
efforts t.b r^co'vtjr th'e •stone:.-- lie." made the
'Statement, 'after- th*e . evidence •" In*, the casp .
had been taken "and 1 Just befo.r'e;.tH^"."c6urt ;
"topjc.tbe' ca'se.-under Bubmissibn;." . . ; ••...' *
• According to" Farid's complaint:.^V'iik^r-:
>ph bought -.the -diarnona.'.qn .the .in'stajl.- ;
rnent f>ran, -pqyirig. $lW.down..a.nrd'.aBree.ing
'.to pay- the. balance in, monthly payments:;
•He", made ;two of the payjhents ; ' fn : the.
meantime giving "the jewel -to hfs .wife/
and. when he faile<} tocdme atbund .v.hen*
the.- next payment was due, Fano' brought
suit to. recover thje .stone 'or Its Value." .
WJiile all. this was going on, "WiVkenspn
•and* his wife disagreed and a divorce suit
.was the result. Maude- Amber., admits
having the'; diamond, but "claims it is -her
property; that the title to it b'ecame vest
ed In her when it was placed, on. her. finger
by .hen husband. She claims' in her--gn
swer to Fano's'sult that* she. Is not sup
poSed t to know how Wilkersoo: acquired. it
or -hov much he.* paid for it. • • ' •"
PBOBABLE SUICIDE- OF
. - ..•**' AGED DAVID MU.BBAY.
EDITOB: OLIVEB 'TENDEBED ::
.' •- A BEOEPTION B o Y WOOD-MEN
California- Camp, Woodmen'-, -of the
W.orid-, recejyed'".a visit last night in.-Nar
tive Sons'- Hall* from' the visiting *.com
mLCtee;-of th.e red hot' campaign-, of. which
P. F. Gilro,y- is -the.- chairman, and. the
parap .made it the-, occasion of. tendering
.a fecept.ibh" "to .David Oliver' Jn, editor. of
the*Paciflc Wopdman." By i-nvitation, there
.were prpserrt about" 1600 neighbors of.
woodcraft, representing all " of the .-' local
camps, several of "those across '.the bay,
the circles of woodcraft ahd all of the
degree t'ehms In .uniform. • .'¦'• .'. ' *
" David M&rray," a clock agent, aged
about 70 years, was found dead oh the
.floor p.f his'Toom yesterday at' 943; Howard
street. He had been. s.Lck for a fang" time,
and it was believed" that his death .was
.due to natural causes, but aftter the "bctdy
had been taken to the Morgue, Gus Wel
mann, a watchmaker at -622 Merchant
street, received a note through the mail
from Murray in which the writer inform
ed Weimann that he had a "lttle°.money
Invested in stocks and that he w'shed. his
friend- Weimann first to pay for his bur
ial and then such other debts as he- might
owe. - - - .*..'. o.
Murray's stbma'ch was. sent to. the city,
chemist for* examination.. ° . . :
. ' Held -to .Answer* for" Bohb.ery.
•••John-. J3usch, an- ex-convict, '.was.'.held
to answer "beiof e' the • Superior Court ' by
Po.lica Judge o Caba'hjss -yesterday • ih' $3000
¦ bonds'. V-He was," accused-' of o holdlng >up'
'"arid o robbing '-Fxank -O'Donnell. on. the
night "o'f ".August "14, while -going to
his home at 1101 ° Broadway. . " BuscH
c and J&e c i:uporini wece also .held 'to an
sw'er on-' a ... charge ° of .robbery -'for
holding up. 'and' robbing -.Walter Young :
of'. "726 -"Green street on" the' night, of
.August-" 11. '.-'Their "bonds were fixed
at $3000.. each. " -There are.'., three other
charges against Busch, but they will t>e
.-held in- abeyance fill the. trials of,tfifi
two cases in -thj* Superior Court../ •
• Mrsx Delbos Again Held.
* Mrs..' Angele Djerbos was held- -to answer
¦"before the Supe»loV Qourt by Police* Judge"
"Cabanlss. yesterday on "a charge of grand
larceny in. $1000 bonds. 'She # is accused
of having tricked Mrs. Maria. Mdrquet
of 49 Jessie- street out* of $400 dn Decem
ber 12.- iris alleged that she told Mrs.
Marquet that she could, buy a lodging*
house at 513 Howard street for $500. She
got' the money*, but only paid $100 instead
of $500. . Some months ago £he was held
to "answer by Police* Judge Mogan on 'a*
charge of obtaining money by false pre
tenses, but was rele«ised on a writ of
habeas corpus on the ground -that she
was wrongfully m charged, She was t"hen
arrested on the grand larceny charge..
Palache's Estate Appraised.
The estate of the .late Gilbert Palache
was appraised yesterday at 1101,669*43. It.
consists of $31,057 68 cash, realty in this
city and Marln County worth $38,010 and
8tocks and bonds worth $32,60175.
Marriage License's.
OAKLAND.- Aug. 31.— The following
marriage, licenses' were issued by the
County .Clerk* to-day:
Jens P. Jensen, over 21, and Edith Cum
berpatch, over 18, both of Berke.tey; Jos
eph C. Peralta, 54, San Leand.ro, • and
Kthel Peterson, •34, Oakland; Andrew W.
Merlo, 28, Alaraeda, and Reta C. Goh
zales, 26. Half Moon Bay; William O.
Raymond, over 21, 1R *and . Florence E. Mo
ran, over 18, both of Berkeley.
af ukbn Bivef Js Clostng^ariy.
/-TAGQ'ilA/.Washr, .Aug.-. St.— Early clos
ing." 'of ;.n;4vj gallon-; ori '.the.' Yukon River N i3
indicated: : py.'^itreriaery ." faw-\ water -and
nigfitl y,f.rqqt?' qnV the- .u.pper-riv^r.. .T^ie-wa
ter" -is : :ko, \n\f- jhat /navigation, is- already
diflicuit'/ '-These condition's are. hurrying
people -but ward." Th.e steamer' Cit'y -of "Se
at (tleV ax-riy if»g- last -night,-' brquglit ¦ ninety
Kiondiker.s : a.nd.:$70O,O0O- in: treasure. '-. LoW
water- fu/jviondik'e" -streams .caused" the
cessation. "-pf ;-work;" ori". dozens" .of-'c\alms
twb." : weeks"."aBb\ ':.".-.. ' .'"' -y-': ¦'"¦..:. : S
•None- of 'the union men reported to work
to-day.. The "local, men expect *.to - haVe a'
ruling, from the International. Union in a
few days "that "will, allo'w them to. go : to"
WAtk. . Until then* they intend to stay .by
the local., linemen .on strike all over the
coast. ". ' '.'.-•. . ..*.-•...
/ The' .Sa.:n ; ..;Jbse linepi'eriA .tired, of- the ac-/
. tlons.of ; ;the;' offlclals^qf-the/WesUrn-;. cciji-:
.ferencesbme tlme'-agb.and-.tbbk/th-e-.ina.ti.
ier v MfjtKe^.4i^r6:Biind^^^^^lwbft : j*a^v
ed : terms rpf- settlement .with' the "focal;. tele";- ;
' phd.ne;"-'bfflc'e' v andJ:"fetVirn.e^'-;.tO;'-.tyQrk.-* • "A^ir.
<k)nipa : ny> agreed- td;pay; $3) 50- .per- d.ajr '.t'o^
those.^rho: were- worth .It-- -.•.- ¦•'.•'¦. ' •; •.¦•'..¦;
-then', threatened
•t6'Uta-ke",the-:U'ne. v merif*.s ¦.charter' away". : An
.pati^nai'Jilnemen's > 'Un'ibn.-ib'Y the Sa.n.:J'o.s.f'
,tfhiph; -Sirtce-'thefi'the : Western .corrfer-.
.encVhas"pr.bughf }nfiue^ice:to'bear".oa:'<he.
.local. iinildn.'.ahd Vather-.thari : run tlie.ris&i
¦' at- -losing. 'their'"' charter;' the-- "men -'again^
¦ went-- out."' ' The. ..local "union ¦ claims that
each" district has a right to settle its .own
:.a ; ffairs-..w-ithout::cqnsulting fhe ..conference^
•^--SA&V •• '^OS^«- -'A^if •"¦ '&--? The '•' Mnemen-' of
-bf^-thls
city --.ate fsigkfn; ion-, a' strike. : . .Twp weeks
\o *. wdrk. after .• feeing;
for , '•.sW.-;w«;eicSiV"r At-.a. .Tne&ting.: Saturday
night, fhi?- : lb,cal .' linfpn ' agreed; .?tb ob€y': th^
§r^^i.oiE.$4i^^wyf^r.*^vfis'^^"?r/^lt
wjit^A-.. : ' ¦'¦;'.?';X' r "i"^ : V^r-.V.' : :;Z"-^"r : *^'*v .VC-'**-
rlie^y e/T?heir; ¦: TWiek: Bejcause:. Westerti
A^.^pf^r^ce^^TKreAtMis'- tQ>^Take;y;- :
¦;-:,^ Away. Their : . Charter.-. • -. ••••..
iSAN- • JOSE ; / ;^/'- : :'-f
-¦pN/-STBlkE :
SINGLING BROS.; SECXTBE ; . //
'.' -. FINE SITE FOB ClKeTJS
"Will Pitch Their : Tents, on .'Big- Xot
' -. .'-at .."Eleventh/. and : Mffrk^t-;/ ¦¦
"*'-'¦ :- : -'-: • // ; /, /Str/&ets..i /•'..:'.;-¦-;¦/; /•>
The : ;-Bi'rtg:lin5. : Broih'ers^ ; jtevfe: *b|en '; : alJto'.
to get- th^ 'vcfia^i^.E^fiA^^^JjUif^
•ltet.;str-ef t.s; foTZ-theirV'cfrc'us.. 'Xiexi •.::2wetV; ;
The..lit^;«'r^ ; a^p'x;jj^^^ugh^;:i^r % tl^
huge tents, Jp^afiiajiVfb'r :puii
lie conyenjeoce'; t»u.Wf.\ho]f ¦%$•.'¦ jrnrir"^ ye'<i. '
The ¦ 'ptOvf^ \ lot. '¦ ¦•%fiicji •-Vth : e--'- ; :liingling'
I'rothf rs; •are / idirttng-uishedv.' -Will' ''siaYt
from E.]evtn}h,»r i d:Ma^kct:E.tr-.eets'XlQpday
taasx^Bmz^^f^cyojpj^^^r^/ry^^e^rcTii;-
is t o .b^ here- eight /.dayi .-.TpekinTiirig ;Si-p.ft.-/
day aft<5rnoo_n/. ; -.fcatly..S'u : n_day; : : .jnarning':
the lorrg.'trafns'; jj'i'li* -be. .tr'^fererred ; f romi
Oakland, " ahd< .bv'fof.e/rth.eJ/.hitV yfs'er- • .h'jjs';
read :^ikt**ck9«8^|r
e nd flutte'rir.g "fl/kes? wili:.t}ear ' ; witness: that'
circus.^fay:;i;s"avb'a-ndJ/;; : " :/A;/>.: O : : / f-. ' ¦_.
To- Help; qthev Sick:
ter's -of- "thie ' Cfopk^^^^py^^^^^ji-j^i.- •]
tertainfn«?^t. \o€'; the :i^u Jevilte. •-cbiracter;- I
to he. fo-:ioWtd;b>:;a:da;nc.«:.".in.:S"a':ive'Sq>j.s'i
HaM ipr'mtffrbw-.ri.fght.'in .ai.1d of -it? fund "i
for tbATtitl&.jbX.tt?x&yJtt : '&tifr<!£si&l
members; ' The' Jbllcfw-irjg , ; «i : iri>e : d'vcqminjt--.!
teo • ha'?, .'arranged' "a' : - fine.-.jVro^ttf mine •' < f •!
numbers- by^fifst-xlass >»al.ent:-.'. '6?phi».. C.M
Struss : ("cha'ir'niah)/ : trea«6f :"AV^ -.-. -..cVrms^i
Slartie. M-cITarlaQcl; .AgnV-k.SlcV.oi'y, TilUe.i
Fchimpf,* A*nce:_A..:Vjce-yA-ircia-A'r/^uhan'; j
Lena- C.*,M56re' .'Jcs?fe',EuSd"e; • -Lean / T.- j
\Vrede and'Jennie-'iV.'Qhlc'.rlch/-" ¦ • :.' : : ..' -'¦[
-' •". Forester^ ¦to ; Entertain ,:. V;- /. ¦. ; -i
JUDGE DE HAVEN PASSES. / /•
. ..SENTENCE ON PBISONEBS
Attorney Shortridge. Makes' Motion
; for a New Trial on Behalf of
,'-. W. H. Dillard.
A batch Qf. prisoners appeared before
United- States •; District Judge de
Haven- yesterday, to" receive sen
tence- ' Tim Summerly, John Phelan,
S. : A. .. Peterson, .John Wilson and
Tilly' Jorgeson, sailors, who had pleaded
guilty to smuggling 100 pounds of white
lead; from ".the British" ship D.umfrieshire,
•were each sentenced : to : pay'a fine of $50
or, in. default, to "be" imprisoned in the
County Jail until .the 'fine should be paid.
Theodore *t\V Johnson 'and- Emil Daniel
son,-for assaulting United States Gauge'r
Frank. H. Dfiscoll while in the perform
ance of his duty,- were- sentenced. to.thre.e
months' i-m'prisbnment-ln ihe .County Jail.-
. In the matter.-of the conviction of'Wil-.
Ham H. Dillard for .issuing false and
-fraudulent certificates of ' registr'ation,
Samuel M. Shortridge announced that he
desired to make a motion for a new trial*.
Next Saturday was se't as the day. on
which the argument on the' motion will
be held. . : ; /^. '* . .
Painter Falls to His Death.
Emedio Higuera, a painter, who resided
in Oakla.nd, fell from a -scaffolding while
painting a house at 1448 Willard street
yesterday. He was removed to the Park
Emergency Hospital, where it was found
that he had suffered a fracture of the
spinal column. He was later removed to
the Central Emergency Hospital, where
be died last night.
Killed by : Fall From a Porch
..MAR.y^VIL.r>E,Aug. 31. T Jacop Gingell.
a/pipneer' ¦resident; of'this city f fell from
a' •pqrcH,"'a'.distance'-<jf twelve feet, this*
mornifig'-and' was almost instanfly killed.
He.>h'ad-Vbe^'n-Jll ;*f 6"r , -se.veral days and
w'aike.d.off;J : he>.'.Pb ron - wnlle . 1 ."- •* delirious
¦cep[dlttift"n^'"f The- .deceased" was bae pf.-the
yery."..tar.ly:-settie'E3 In* this county. He
yr&pithia&*&£ott.'Tti&.'tzi*$50 and &l
t.erward'.a"c'cuiri-ulat>d -considerable "money
in', thfe -Uvie'ry. rstab'le -business' in. this city-
MeVw-aS ;.ai native of .England, •" aged 85
years. •' '; ' •'. _* : ¦':•''"•' '- : -. :: ." \.
RUNAWAY TRAIN
WRECKS ITSELF
• ':¦'.:-¦ . ¦¦•¦ : --. : '?it»idy.';'its« ineetfp;/%peht;'/th9 ;last ; .
: ;day^iit>S ah'/E^am?i;scp/;Qii .his'-'way.
hpihe- i 6 •Denver.'', In; .-/spiking:' V of.'';-' tte :
.waWi of :.th'.e. : pepp;i;? 'jef : -4ia?k.a>'.fae;'saiii : :. ; ->:
•v';-;''Qjir . -cpmnMs'sro^/ippUe^
.V£ry thoroughly.;' SVe. y.li»i tyd/an' i.mtnense.;
.terMtpry.;. /We •-went/tb;;; SkiCgy.^ay,vtWerice;
.¦by.^'WhJte" .^¦qs"'lto'Hrb*a^jio--'p.a.'i^sonv^h'eii:''
cTowri \t.i\e .'fYukon •Tly'eri';i\Msitin'g:.'.Eag_ife i 'and;.
Intermediate' -pplnia '/to' the ppen^s'ea;;;- then.
noxtll •to.^.ome./.VA^e'r.'-a^lfew;- "days there ¦
'y,' : e. ,tpokV;th'e •¦ 're yiihue--; cuUer/MpGuiJqchy
and/ turned.' piir'/ way .sraifi'tV.; .visftlrfg Vih«
•djff ef t«) t/ lsjapds;/ aiul'; J t=ia : ti i-j. fi's, ,; in ; ;' w h ich/
oiir--^qy^rnment ' is .".i-jitelvsteiirX ;; ¦*../ /:.-' .; /
.;-'.'lTh'e.-.gr'ea;t^ry : ; q'fV.tlje : ..pyo
¦.Ig'.thajLJt-iTLey-'^rit-.tp.JeTe^
Clprigr-esaj .•' th'£rtv : they- •¦.'mstyv'.be-j re.pre.serifejji
/oJ.it;jthe:;flb;Qr.;bf};'.Cp'ngress:^^b
chPpslng^.;.> /.-v'h/ : .•'. .-.vf-- 'L~'.r:.i\':^
•¦./|\As-the.;sf^
Alaska : ';ha3;,-noVia.kv'-r^
'kinil' : • pr^'ch'arra.cter-^all ./tht^vJaws. .'/rriust
;e%aiiaid\\ir^m"-. ; CongresSv', ; *.t Mti : O.d;s'.ipvithk
' : oXii 'Ahyy. r^p.rvj}erH.a.tipn; -.ut-/;u'iy: ;-. kiih(i;.'ioir'
-.ch"ar-%cter, .Ihj-Was.hingtpn.-- ¦/.' '.**;';;'.'?¦.';*':' S:-\
/^;Cp : ngri6BV- ; m&k^; t
;with'putranv;';r.enre%€nta-t)ve^
; .co.ti riseU/as/tp: :AlKis'k^fs-;ne;e^ii; ; !" '¦X-/^-M: : '-
'^S'liiUs ; ri&ail^'tHe/?flji:s : t::,ins 'ta^e': -of.V.?5t00Q':'
or^j^)^A^ef.I.ca%.c^
¦.ani/oppprtuijity.-.t-o ;.makii^th^'tf.l i ;pjyn-*,Ia-fl? ; S
and iq be'TepregerVtfd on tl qf thp
.^qUse-^y;-;a ; --del.ega.fe- : .^:.-:trie'ir'/p^:/&e^
UPn.
¦¦.;:"itiky : ;fio^^
\cbmmit.tee.' : /wi'ii;-./resar
right". - -\ ' ¦ / ,
..: -Senator ¦ Patterson-,. Js -R'r^ri.Uy : plpasert
with h: , i to this coast. and, expressed
: . h'i;rns.6ir>.'.asi,;a^nazed'. • -?a t ¦;! 'hs/-l .yfiAdivtui
growth' >i.iibe ; ;his«'jasVA^kitvh^
• SSQ' .
'; . -The ¦ -.SeVastbr'. fa i ; ;own-er v Mof : '-;t he : :. : ; Kocky/
-Mountain- '.News: ••'.-. . •'..- '. •':¦'.- :.¦:¦::.¦¦::¦¦¦ •:¦¦..:¦¦'.¦
.•ra-.'-V-'^Ni^ED'^^^
Tl /...-• I. ;.as".M'.' ;i?atte'rsbny-;wh6 .was.'pps
ILj ; y J : .'.'-af. ihe'"jnenibef^.'pf : the cqtniiilsV
' .that>,was-.':5cn.t --tp'Aljiska/.tb
i : vSACRAAlEI^Tp^-.'.Aug/.v.ai'.-^The*; -Bt^te-
BP^rd • of /E^-uallzation; devpfed " tlte morn T 
. frig -sfessloh.- to ¦' the ijcamina'tiori :of;. ; . Deputy
A AEse»sor-:JZ^±JBar]ii&/X)^SantQ. •B.ar.b'ara
•aiiid': other .repteijenta'tLVe.'residtnits-xTt^'thaft.
¦i-ptmtyU-.r'Xhe-^retufn.'.fqr.- "that -. county-. iox
iM'3-:sh6ws. : a£ -assessed "valtiatiqri of $15',
•tf3,4So;D4'3-;.tox '1902.--'- ¦---:.' :-.
. ; VSOnie/:>ieafs./a€P.'.'thepe'-WAs > : -a : booin' iri:
ftis-;couhtyVsard.Bar? e X;.. and.* later, on ".the
cpunty^isultered s^ver^Jy' i rpm..the:. effects
¦pt} it:; ." -Xs'a! "matter • of. -ixride;' .they. ' did- riot
¦.-wah't-y^'p- iacknowleage -jit's- lie'Js'aia, out they;
hfid:. -to; adirrit • It; jwlieh-. the- panib- of J8b3.
"A -cprrsfderable;^portion of. therevV
enue' : is" def Ived ,' f roni /the. ¦.'large, humber.
;pf:;touf.ik^.that; yjsij: .Hhat'isecSMbn'.of -the
State. rSpmevW.h'eat- afiid; other' graips;iahd
;8crne.; f fciiit"- arev > ah'd-'. ¦''considerable^
: sfb'c.k/-fa j raised • in/.tKej cdurit^i ¦' ..bu-t- .'-the
."drought- of -:i89.S;vi)riactic'ally; -'.deplBted;. the.;
; Bfcoqk :,:¦ /said ; barker'.; '.. T : ria,t ..'mdustry '• has.
f|iet.^et't*c^er^*^ir^^«^^B^*^I|h(Br
drought.^ AH the^rqps awfaifjy. g«ptUli>
•^^¦^cijlti^'^rj-^i^j.Df-^'fh^c^rijy. : -.The
feWnty iv^'^J^^^o^^l-w^Ofitl'/Srjri^.'
¦'assessable. : land-. ••; Laktvyear : jw > ; as.:--a-,pros^.
''perous^ope'-fpr^.the. the .-increase'
iti ; valuation."-. over .the, previous ':y.ear< be-.
ring; $2-.#,tJDg:.--=::'.v.: : .v> <^z ¦: ':¦¦ ¦ .'--v- ••" •. - '¦¦¦¦ ,••'¦
, :ThV:^o4rd;-thtsyaf;ternobn..listene;d -tp..the!:
' •stai'emen'ts'-p-i-itftfr 'Asaersspr". arj'd;. :ofV :
rficfftjs".' .ef.-S'an.rXlursVObispo; -• Ventura" and "¦
RiVfiiriiiJa^^-cpuniles; •'cohcerniiig '.ttw.'-varij-:
•!allptos"/bfr land^ila; thefr.' respfectiye; cPun*;
file's. v :^>^:;^ : "-r i :"/-- : '::- ¦¦'^\ ¦'-"¦\.- ::^'S- ••?
tjafa : kli'd-, ; Riy<rside.. : -Ent'si" protest'
; • ¦ Irrc-reaSe«J Assessments..'-!:
Sarijta BaT : Bara7;Sjtui^:.I;jiis •Objspo'j-yeh-'
QF/;z^A^zAT.-tC)vBri.:.; v •¦:•:;
:i^r(S : EA^;?;G^N^Y^^SiS*3QR^ :
Senator Patterson Brings-'Re
quests From the- Far -
North. • ' '/
¦ ' ffveiex ; telephoned for officers and Con
stable F*i Truette; Mars"hal Hannon and
several others • were soon . up ." from, the
w>teffrbht, heavily armed and thorough- "
ly- prepared "for- an* ambuscade. 'After.
lefrrriing aU particulars-' obtainable the
:po3se. jeinforced "by the "hlllites," start
ed' out .- "to -investigate. . The officers
i^archecj- until daylight, but no tangible •
•cle-jtf- couli be. found. Captafii Barrows'
"b.'arn was" watched "all nig.ht. but the. own
ers- pf, the' blankets' and; weapons'- did not
return.' *¦ ':'¦•. . ''¦:'.'¦•'¦ . '. *
'¦:•¦.'• f V- •* .^J5xcitefneni : • *•" ..Y-. '.*'
% • gAisf..BAFA'EL.,".A'u'g. : constabu- :
;.iaVy^cif;;.Sau'saUto*!were''i»ut in. fulV.force
fe.s.t- -n'rghi*; stekrchin'g-.'Ior '-e'sca^ejt convicts! ¦
the 1# Hill"; wero •
•.•t-h'or9u.g^iy"--^'alarnKd."/ •' Excltemeri p •"ran**
inigH'-.-fo-r'^sevyral-r'-hQurs. .People wtrre
"ppiised -. from • their."! bed3* and' information
"jis •tq^.'tnel.-suijp'osed? whereacbouta of t6e»/
" FD'lTso'mV fiigitfv.es .was. vainly s'tliight. Th'e
;flrst-."lntimati>»n*-tha't*ari'ythlng was wrbflg*
¦vy'a;3;"ab"ou"t. S "o'clock, wh^n some? -blankets •
SjWfe.di'scoyered'in tho stable of Captain
¦Birco'jv: ;."A pistol Jjnd a knife alongside
;"tHe- bedding, also* gave rise tc* the rumor .
-iJi^'Folspm's co'pvict*3.had been domiciled
.^n -the .reiired army -officer's stable, but
.hatl.left th£ir rendezvou's on a raid* upon,
tb'e. .summer homes of the society people.
<5Ea'(lually "the irumof gained In proportion '
and 'neighbors qalle'd each other up by
1 telephone to ascertain particulars as well
as7.td gtv.e •.warning of .the threatening
' danger; '• ' . • ¦ ' . . ' *'
V:Sphie. 'of; the male residents "of the hill .
•assembled at Starr Keeler's domfcile, field
a'Tcouricii of war" apd decided to call for
•assistance. •/•"•. . - .- • * •
RuDJqrsj'.Tfiai Escaped, Concicta Are
¦'•¦;•-.• * Jn. tJie'-Town". Cause Great
iaisiDENTs. .or.-s>.vsALrra ;. '
. :• " : "ARE : .GIviEN A -BAD -FRIGHT -
HhW ;; new. 'd^ppt^af.-thp;-. Aiamedac/irtpie^'.and;
r-we'st; o r t.:\yebsl'el:.'.s^
clitic ¦:& \iiehiiei:^\lfVw;a4-.'^b>'.p:i&S*^!^^p|f^i
riaid./tb put -.frf .a-trapk^bet^
;ehzpron : Ahe' -narxbw -gaug^. line. -tpja; -point;.
'.'n^ar:]San'yi^i&niro/'pn-: the! ;; br.o'aVI " gauge '
: t'er'/-ihe .tKird.'rafl'- shall' hayte- '.:b'ee»;.-lai<i
f rpWi.San /-Jose.: 1 1 This" v buid; ;mean:. -the
"aiiahdprifnerii- of- the-, narrp W "g'apge /track
-Isjand/'arid': the'. .lbrjg-:tresitl'e ;eat}t of ; 'Hifeh;
'••••: '.'::'¦'¦'- "•'-. '%'*¦'• -"° "•'.¦'¦'.• •/¦••/•¦'¦/:.•
\ •A'pcordrng/tb'^ Shay.the. .bpard" .of dl-rec-.
tars-.'oi;ih'e'-'Sflyttierri-.PaciT^c /wjred Man;-
: a^er' '¦ JCruttfe.chriitt.'; yesterday. '. ; that. Tupon;
no- .con.aitibri.shouM ' Ive-.'a'^rjee ;.to ' .pay .the.
'city 'of- A'rarriecia a'4y thing;. tPr; ¦ the" lPCa.1
: f r a ri eh'ists, ;. '..He • f prther,.' asserted- '.th*a t ¦' .If-;
;t : ne'. r c.O^p'a'iTy:was' nb.t'sran^edjthe^ fran.-
i-Wsp ¦£ of the ,sou tK .'srde' loVal- road ;it-.<ouidl
easily 'cease operatjn'g ,tha0{ifef a'nxl. 'carry;
I'all •'. Alameda". -passEngers'. pn"vthe-'..'-n.b*rth
s;fde-.iirWi - •T^e.;'ftanchise;.'.OTdfrran'ce>. 'rt4U'- :
; cqitie'-' lip" ' a'Kai-n - f pp'. acilpn /at (he '; r.eg'ul'ar-
Veis^icm- .bf • thp ':City" -Tr-urkefesf-tb'.; .be' li"eia :
ibne -w-eok :from'.tOr'rao*rro.w; night,/" \.":- '¦:[.'¦
PL A;NS
--' Maiiager'^:^^Jujius' .v'I-v'r.iJt"tschn1tt:'-; ; .Gf .;•' the-.
'Sputherii^^-I^aciflc.' Cp A-p-inyV-d^Jnqt/atjtt'n^
;t$*'-^Bf^*;e'nceJtc^«i^/itJ^Tr-.^*iSB<^e^E..
'¦'¦tie. wpuid; - His'-cbppiny'.Wfcs;reprpse.nted,:
l - : kppeared';eity;'-Truste^
fetp^V R F.tird.ffep^D.r^eory,Ii^.',Poncly-B^
TE^-'e'ohjb'sV'JvyiJtiam ;,M; -. -Bfiwers; .'ChaTfea'
. J. ; ; ' Hanimond-'- a »ii « Cf t y v A ttorpey! : ;M;;; W;
'-SJ'nrpson:.-'-- 'The-.lawy$r« "- tor.; ¦= the --railroad:
epmbany.-- oam;e ' :f of tifled: i .withr/amended ¦
" epptek of .the "prdiriarice^..inlrpd.uc^d at the.
' laiti 'i-h^fe'tln-g ¦' qf. tiieV'Gity/Trtis^e.esv -emr;
Mrecryjng tlie ¦sUpiilatibriS retbfniiiejid.ed -by
i'thvfAtime^^'AA^iwf'^^V^^^'^V^fl
•ty;". iipo'ii." which •; the- . " Southern;" -Pagiittc,;
should:;' be. -!'oi?CTed' ; ' : th.e ; v-ioc*ll--vffaVich?spjfv-:
5^««Jif*t&y^v^i^i^-^t^natMB»^a'Vee*^^
v e'ihWnated -t rPm- the/ainerided..do.cum,ehts,'
! as.'had .i.isd'-' i.he". stipuljitipn- vthJEtt"; thf? -..c.pr-,
-ppratipTv-: .'. iev • /required '•;. to ¦; • .pay '-: into;
the- - '.' city:. ; ;% treasury. 1 ' V. : $ : 5D0;:-"'--: ' a ¦'¦'-}. /month/.
;'fqVv.v)th'eL : ..-.'fi^nc'hlges i '''^$^A : 5;'i6r;: : ;• the
south'- \'-s"ifle ! ..- line! -.and",. $300 : ; 'for -the - north '
,line\ v With : l:the /exe&ptVpn.'. of ; these.
.'.alter'a,tibns : the •Sb-uthe.f.n . Pacific/ :n3!ihag^V
¦ ment -tp. .-cPmp'ly J.wlth./'lhe.
; other ; reqiiirern^rits. : in .the..fraiieh'ise.'QFplf
¦nances' as .originally- iri'trpduced.' v; •'." . ¦ > - ; t; ;
'•. ; >'T-hei : <!Oinpariy'.-wil.l'^Wgree-.tofina.ugrurate
ia/ lbt:a,l/two.'.and^.one-half : -c"ent .fare,-, tickets ¦
toA'b.e :«bwf.in:^p^Sb*m|i9f(;lfi^^JiJrid>. .to', be ;
gp^df. until- used ;'. -to sup.ply Alameda'/w'lth
-ftS' 'go.od' an'd',v%s;..c
rfc(g1^r.fei?y^e ; %6^aV-p'e^^t^*iq dlsttpn-'
/tiriu4°the- rlinnirigVof" freight and. fhrbugh,
•trains • ph-"the:'.sout.H "side line; -to' reirio.y'e.
'{ih^ • tracks' "irbm : Vavenue.;.iwes£. 6f>
'Nirtt'h '-s'tFeet^ 4° r r^^
•mbye. >n•y^;:s¦t.atlo.n : ¦'h^r^
: .ffeipu'H^g: theViJerml.ssipn o
•t'e^sjMto- Ke^'p^i.thevstre.eits" ahil-.-av.enuesi-.over;;
¦'. wh-Jcr^thiB-^CQmpa'ny.'sj Jine? ruhv.ln.f.repair;
|Qr- iv/p ;f eet'O.h' -""eaich; vslde^bf- "the. /tracks, ¦
;ah^!tb/biherVstlpuiatlp.ris
¦ lan.v.c. -:•¦?.., ,:.- -j* V: -- :.i : •¦¦.-; "*•-*.¦ .?.-. . S 'V* . v" .-.
KRUTTiSCHliriTiV;: g
. • AL-AMEDA' ; Aug.- 31-.-r-Attorneys ' Frank
Shay arid . J". E. FouFds of- the law depart
ment of the .Southern : 'Pacihc.; Company,
gave! the City Trustees to 'distinctly un
derstand at "an executive conference of
the municipal legislators and representa
tives of the railroad corporation this' af
ternoon that the company would not pay
anything f of. the two. local franchises it
seeks and that If a franchise was" refused
'the Southern Pacific. fo'r /the south' side)
or: old narrow' gauge- line.'., that- all.ser
.ylce pn that road wouTd- be'. dfscon**.nue.d".
The. railroad people- demanded t£j*p the
franchises be" granted for "ilfty /years
instead'., of" lwenty-fl.ye" years as' offered,
by. the City 'Trustees.' -When the con-,
•ferehoe "ended. after-.- four- hours of -anl
inate'd debase the" majority. • of . 'the • five
merhhefs of the' municipal governing body
of Alameda.'were- almost, ready tp'-grarlt.
the- franchises^ to.' the.. Southern.. Paciflc
without- exacting any- mo^e.tary- *ons^dr'
erationr .but. they, were- not -prepared .to°
glveV;the. privileges, for :half. a -century.
Attorney's Shtiy and -Foulds 'then informed
the- City- Trustees' that; the board: of di.-
rectors", of the railroad conjp'ahy 'would,
be. notified" at' New" York 'by .telegraph of
• the stand * tafceri,"by.-.-th.e' -.Alameda.* legisla
¦tors/.on;-this t>ol'nt;.."and;that ;an answer
;V.Puld-.'.De..'lmrhe'dla : tely *fprth,oorriing. .-..;'•
.¦•'it -was" <Jecided'-tp. hold'. anb(hejr' "confer- •
ence Thursday .night, c*;hen lt-.-is* expected 1 ,
that ¦•the\.St-i;ajncnise.;agltatAon* ; :-Whl9h -has'
'¦ -the. r .•.mufifcipalify i ;-;..for... l^'p'
' mp-hths, ¦' .will /to. all iin'tsnts'and.-^urtsoses
'be^settledi--/:/-'/.^/^-,^ ',.'¦¦' v^ fi .: /•-•¦>•.'./:•
: NOGALES^ Arlz., # Aug.' 31."4pel \Lewi'8.
.the big Sheriff of C.ochlscs County; arrived
In! Bisbee. Afonday- niorning and placed
under, arrest Joseph -Hughes, a proriilnfent
citizen and* contractor, on a. charge* of-'
stealing cattler in Texas' six year^ ago.: It
is alleged 'that Hughes was "indicted., in"
Brown County, •; Texas; for -{hat. offense,*.
Jumped his bail and fled * to--. Arizona, '
where h'e.took up Iji's. residence' fn-Bisbee'-i
under a new name, married and became*;
quite ' influential; .The'- "indictment . was
brought against. John Humphrey's,/ which,
it is' alleged [was Hughes'- name ' before,
fleeing to'.Arizqnfl. to.-eacap'e.the la.w. *""¦" j
.The'accused .rtian -holds the .cpntract.for
jcleanl'ng and sprinkling-- tne.-- .'streets' "of
Bisbee and. for.- perfo.rraing.'s'everal." other
public services in, that .city. lie, &as- tak'en*
sc '.prominent" part .-in* politics . an'd, resfde'3 •
•In. one.-, of- '"the. ¦b.est'.'-.reside'nces tlierei"
..Hugheffl". does -not deny" that he camef'f rJom
..Texas', but-'s.aysVthatJ-h'e' has "not b,eeiiylh : :
Brbwn- .County- for "nine; 'year's.-' •"/• ••;' ' .!!•
• • .;He *mad'e"a vljoreua protect' ;agafhst 'fchtj
. arrest,! but .-was/.takerr. Into;' custbd-y, ;aild
after being- '.permitted .tq ; s.a"y."good T by.-io-.
•his.*. family' .was'-tak'en"..to: • Tombstone;"
.where] li.ei. ; will, -probably ¦JE?e"'Rept > Tinder'
surveillance- "of ¦'. officers- uii til. the 6heHfTi
o'f Br.own*. County' caoV ; arrtv"e'." to. identky.
. hlnj •and.-ta'ke. h-im..back'': for /trial:- H-ighes'
;.f riejid'a.-.. JDeney6.;.it-.-.is:, -all" a. •' m(s.ta'ke &hfc
-¦i-hat--he'-'i*HH;.bev^le'ase'd J 'a9'.sooft.!'^s.Jre.-ar
rriYes":-at' :..tH.e/ s 'pla_*i'j k '^tiBh«*Ter f thV ¦*. crime:- .'^xis : .
\c'cfnrnitte^-,and';iV.'.is-:fp'j^
the^Jm.afa';^ ' iXh'efPffl'ceps,*- b'ffwc^v'ef; ••ate'\-surS' :
'.th.ey . : h : a.ye- ': th'e-r righ i'- man. ".and-"- 't^onsTder:
,that'<they : 'h.aye-^ettec.tea.' : -a-.q^
'"toteiv.."'; ¦-¦;¦:.•*•' './/•¦ -I:-*. '':'¦'; 'tv^ '. '-'..:': ¦>¦;>**
I Ilenry.Ach and A: jtuef.-.whp "are /njen-.
•tioned as:.candid.ates-f or -the; hb'n.br'-of.-pre-.
siding r over the ' -.' convention.',
hold high official positions I "in- the- tJnit-ed
Repubiicah' Iyera o gue and/the-. s^uggestiprf
is frequently made ; tkat the-'chairmdnshlp
.should'-go- to- some "Republican . :in. the
faftks,' ..Geofg.e- AY.'Schell '- a'na.-Trionjas t
•P.vAyp'odward,' delegates Select;. aTe # spqketi'
or" ..as. available -. .men." ' ."Sir. '/¦ Scheil is. a'.
tirne.-.hQndred-.ijep'tjbllcan./l .He 1 was--6ne
of the- f ramers .of. the' constitution "ol'jCal-
Ho-rRia. ' As a".cc3mmllttce'*w c oi'ker.^nd de
iatcr on the floor of the "' celebrated con-.
vfhtiori' he. rendered intelligent -service.
•Thpmas P. Woodward is president of the
Board of Education. He is a IJepublican
of -high- standing. Horace Davis would
make an ideal chairman, but unfortunate
ly- he is not a delegate-to the convention.
The Thirty-seventh Assembly District;
¦d\:k-gatos to' the- Republican ' cpnvention*
met. last night and elected C. B. -Perkih.9
chairman and . C. "F. Craig secretary of
the delegation.- .George D. Clark address-*
crt'the. meeting. on the -subject of the new
•h&llot- law.-' The importance of regis-_
enga&ed the attention of the del
egates. .- • • ¦-. \i .¦-•.•/_-".,.•¦
CHAIRMANSHIP CONTEST.
•_.THe : /lbrig.rexpected." change -in^^h-e ihr.
.ternii-'.-admJnistratipn b.f affflirs - ¦ at ; . San
,'Quentin:. prison' will- .takei. : place lo-aay;
¦There . wa s si rutijor ; last : high tr.that.- Est.u T
&\\\o of the • old; regime.- was to- : b'e"ap-'
pj-iirited to- the • responsible -position'. . at
.¦captain of the Buara; ; .The repprt was iriot
.cre'd'lted. in "political camps../ '/•.:• '/''.r .:¦'¦"¦¦¦¦.¦
• The last ".rianied" iff .(jetter, .known \.as : "-a:
Pop uiist. than ' gs . a: B/epoibHcah. , . He\ . Was
'^Jaf^t^Afify-fttl j h o ¦ .-Pg-npip:^ " -pa r'fy '.- ThQ^-e^
mentdn:-this.'.S.tate.-1n;the^^ campaign. >\ ; nicH;
Ejection ;tp ¦.the ' t*nit.ed.. Si ates-- SJehat-e; iS^r". .
.. Ca'it.or . " . re^fliereil ;tte -.^^publican"-/'.'^^^!'^^
¦£ : 4gbr/yearsV -ago- -.'¦ 'qnd/ is now.:- an^-a^tlvTi.
.rm'enJb? r'.-ot: ipi ; -lUniqti;; l^Kgiie; CWb^ -.He;
¦is. -a !p.e.fsuasiy.e .. d'eliiiter. apd- .a-, .cohstltur
'of '.;Wc.fc_npw;rg'dgp!a:-.a"iiUlty.'-.': ; :i .
f. "\ 'It '.is vcbrnriiPri -"^ojsiip :;Vin : '..the'/pblitlcal
-camps'; th>t: a; .gabd.. j^^tt^eao^^OE^iii|^
=^tibxi /this ; ,y.ear-iSwjll-^^be" eciuiyalent ,'tb. aji
: : eieeifori: : . ' The ;. asjiirHrnts/f pr /f atyor j pt :'the*
j .convention '.- are. rhaTiyrand -; active. ! Former'
[^t^ej;S^ato;r'.thQmas C, ; tlip
pSeld/'as ir-'^z^^ateJJtbr(\^Q]it^ificifii^XBi
|th;e '.office; of ; ; Pubjixj : ,A^mmisitrat<>r,' SenU
I'.atbr- Maher ¦'. btjo-ngs ; . to the/old ' guaxd "of
.WancS and -true • RepubU.icans: I'Her com-.
/|ii«i^^Vl^^jo?^<?^at"t«uyr*rtera^iTtierfr
•will /be -.no-' lack: o.f -candidates ;fpr,-th0 Tibm T
'.iha"tiqh : for . Kecarder.'; s Frahklhi : R.."-^pehr:
cer \ fs/ oh. 'the ii&tof.ehergefic. and. worthy
!• aspirants. .;///•';. ..-.. "• " '.'.'"-} ¦;<¦'¦'¦ ¦:¦'¦. -' : :[' : '-
maher: is steong.
• .-In p'ol-lticrtl circles 'there Is" sdme talk- itt.
ntvof.' of Ma j6r;.Geperal .^Villiam .K.lS^f^
tcr, : II. .SY'A'.;. .retired; for'- Marpr<bf -.San
¦Francisc'or.' -Gepetal.. Shatter- Js' -a.'-.iFtepiib^
licain .an'd'-a- -nian -of .eriergy .a^id'!execuViV,e : '
ability.' The question arists" -whether ;he
is- eligible to '.-'an elective 'offltfe. ¦Arrciy'-.oVj'
ificers'.«?n the. retired "llgf : are -eUgtlile to^
appointive offices.' Mayor P.helan. appoint-:
ed the '.'¦ late- ¦; Cblpnel .Mend ell; ;of . th^/ten- v
giheer Corps;. U. S. .A.; as -commissioner
of the Board at- Public i VVprkS/ 'and itVfi
appointment was Valia.. ' Oh .the-VVhex :
hand the. fact .is recalled that fierier^'.
Stoneman. rtsigned his • position ; in •(. the/
army in Order- to/accept- -..the ' .Qfflcje.-- of'.
¦ Governor of .California.' : .The:" ini-entpry
of Pepublicanmate'rial for Mayor is;quitfe.!
extensive, ¦embracing the names-.pf. (Seorge/
"Stone, ' Wi.lliam ClufC. . Frank :J-..' Syram&s,
;\V. . G. Stafford, ' : ChV-les Z ; Laumeisfer;.
Henry J. Crocker,. Treasurer .McDQvigald.;
John '. Lackmann-,. .- • -Reuberi./.'.Hl.-: / Xilpj:d,- :
Charles AV- Slack, A.. B: Spreckeis, . F: SV>
iMhrmanTi,- /General. •¦:Shaf-ter,VM;V."-H^.'.'.'.de;
vVgiingi" John' • .C; ¦' kirkpatricls/.' Charles'lA;'-
Murdoch/and' Th'em^s- Viator.". .- / • //./.:
,.-v T^jere;^^^.fe- ; mani-;->hdicati6rjis "that 'M-aypr
.fe'hJ$itt^nata!e':-w}H"ppV
tfie
Jt y: of;/ putting /him,- f Pr.w.jir.a ¦' as -a . poisiole
caniia^tevfer'thel •fa'vpr: i pf
5p^r^;ts'^np^''^Jy^ > s^lir' f conc]edea >^' : ri^P':.;
j)iiy ": «jiqojghV,' : they.M,a> ; Gr|s'. own .^letter/to
; pofi.V'Wh : tjph- / -enm>niitetf J - the •' .nime : •/•of
: -"pt
:"th6?e;also-;nTen.tl6ned."' ."•' -:;. ¦[ ¦_•¦ '•"';'•¦';:%¦'¦ '¦:
.The BqciaJist party. Is first in 'the field'
wit)i 'a muciclpaJ ticket 'The. nomiaatlons
were completed, last Sunday.. To-morrow
evening the delegates '.to the. XJhlon. Labor
partS' -convention .will.' assemble- at' 'the
Turk-^street Temple, llayor -Schmitz is
sure- pf a renominatlon at the. "hand's o'f
this party, as the \Aubertine-Ew.ell ' fac-
tlon of Union Laborltes carried th? .dajr
at- the primary ..election, against' the.
Harders-Berger faction. In fhe
of tha latter faction Michael Casey; as. a'
political '.leader was. laid on .the shelf."
Among, the delegates-elect to; the .Uplon.
lAbor convention are several who -.-we're
active two- years' ago in advocating the
.Schmitz cause in' Metropolitan - Temple.
In - the • cp.nv.enti6n. which /will -. : meet to
morrow 'night and .accept the Schmitz
programme there will be found. Quite a
number.' of 'municipal attaches. . iBome: of
them hold-easy -and. lucrative places, un-
; th'e .local' £dministr.ation.- •¦' .' . •• ¦ '. . : : .
'..' Wpi-kingnaeh. . who -are / <JiBi.ntere$ted ;
Spectators', of the." war -in' itte.-.UnlPn JGabor
.•ca jxip. . assert tfiat ;' whjl^ . Maypf; Schmitz
•has " 4 Vpnsrtd'efab'je" number of sup'pojters'
: his' f qllowihg' 4» nQthing' like:. as" strp.hg- or
: .a'sWthils'iast5(Jas-if;.'<v'as: two j'ears 'ago..
•' ¦'. -SCHMIT2J ':iS\^tJM^A^^J : ?
The.aiipUcat'i.bK.pf XgVChftng foraii in
junction. 'to-.'rfertTJOJ? vthe:- Sin .Francisco
Board $t Ilcalih. .'frc>ni;-t<parlnjgr the wood
work -but/of-.a-bull'dias iywned liy.himin
the Chinese /Quarter ; was :dehied.. It was
ehown' tha,t:.th.e. heaUh authprtiies had al
ready taken '-opt : th'e /woodwork and fcnd
announced 'tkar th'oy-.'wpuld- not Interfere
*ith.the TftjatTOrk'-.'.:-- -. '/• • • - - '• '•'• ¦: '
1 <r t.he , inon\'y.:"becajise ,Vd. .sirch;
• < ashler -.was '.mentioned . in":.the'- ; 'eiav«t4
I r^scfibing ; -the' .duties, -•o'f'minx-.'offi'c'ial?.'.
J =<ige Beatty-Iyester4'a>^-pvVrrbled;tr>e-. de
mun-cr^-i\n& • .-allowed : Cpie-' ien : 'VJays- In'
Th'ti-.ce'^rt rejn^rked/that; jt:was; iru.e"th'at
t he.- statue"- did '. not - menf ion :-a- .cashier: ?ls
c^b'cQC .the ofljeers 'pf »t'he:-'niijit;'. : -litit^Cffife:
ThajN.'.-sSras • a.f terward "; '.stbl^ri-' -aaid; •.h(s'';'reV
tponslbirity.-wouli -t>'e:'a irhattor j^hat «oufd
/i'e tfetermiryjd'att''thdVtriWu::> ; /V.:-. v - /¦¦' .^-. '
. .TBfe-c/ise ,-6'f "A. •¦'y-'iixJCpylAnh /others'
spainst th'e '.'B^lijam:. Mining /aiid itnijng
.Company. J&nd.' .-others '¦'¦•wa-s'./;re i rtiahTied 'to
the 1 Superior CouH;;or /Sierra. County.'. The
case. or Joseph • Strtcjc^i'i[r;-l4»«alimt/the.
Fouthern .Pa'cifip ••(j'omjpa'a'j: was -remanded;
to Jhe Superior Crturt; oC Je'hami CPiinty.'
The taj=e fwaV .tried Ih: it he .Supcrjp'r .Cotrrf
.of-Tehama' Cquntj.--'qncT;-si verdict of Jji,-.
CfX) <famag-es j»-a4'-'svbar«>d. : ---'An appeal was
ti.ken" by '.the cbpi'pafiy" 'f-oi'th^- -Supreme,
coujrt' and ' the- ju.d-pthen't' was . reversed
and.a. new trial/oVaJeYed-, ¦¦,•'.• •" ¦' • •••¦ .
!?ome tTrne agp'W'illlam Ku' Cole;.' cashier
nf.the^'rJtedrSLatps BranchSUnt in. tRls.'
< \ty, iiled.a. demurrer in- the suit - brought
agahfct him ty-thre United-' States- to-! re
< ovr.r f com .Cole the $30,0(}0 stolt'n by ..Wail-.
-•r N_. *DSmmick-/%\-hile.-Cole w'as*:ca5hler.'
The jcrourid-'of -.t-he ilcmurrcr '.ivjics-lljaf
• ¦pie tould'npt bV. heia.-respbasibre' iegally.
¦ Yesterday morning's- ' eessiim. : ; of., .^'he';
Tni|ed. States Circult;Cp.urt .was. a/very
Lii£y. -one. Judge -Beatty- deliyeripg/>ev
. rai ' pral opinions" in i more, cr less • lm-
I'prtant cases. ; Juagroent. was .given- far.
i he • .defendant ' in the ¦ case .of ; Michael
i"5tzgerald "againstj the "Kcw 1'qrt ¦ tlfo
Insurance Company. Michael ;JPitzgeraid'
:-"jed th'e company on t'ehalf ¦'-pf- bis-'de*
ceased brother, Rlchar<J, to' reepver. $10,000
:nsurance alleged .to bd 'due.- -The agteed
ttatement of facts was ..to. Xhe'. effect that
liichard cave his- note to/ /secure. : piy
nept of the first premium '.on a", lire policy
-or $10,000." '.The-.cqrrirany/tieid' xhs policy.
und refused Vo/dcliyer .ft.uniess. the rioto
¦Q-as paid. PJeh'ard .never paid the.amQunt.
named In. the xlotei.-'nbr.'.any .part of it,'
and the policy ; remained with : the-, .com
jiany. ,Jude^ JFJeAUy. "held thaf.lt /was the'
duty of\tl;o- note-maker to : have paid the
obllga'.iohi In- order" ty be ' entitled to- re-,
covers i"he .aniount :6f the' policy. .'.¦•."•'-.
¦ ROME; ' • Aug.- '¦ 31. — Some- . alarm was .
caused here 1 to-day by .a rumor of an ac
cident jo the royal motor-car ,at the ma
neuvers around Udine. 'It was stated that
the.Tvirig had been .thrown out. It trans
pired, howfivec. that the report was inac
curate and •' that it'was'an automobile- oc
; cupied by . staff ."officers, which had run .
into a milestone.'-; One of the occupants,
Carptain • Gaultieris, suffered ¦ a * broken
.arm, but the other two. Admiral. Deldbro
Untl-.Cap.taln-Avogbdro, escaped unhurt.
••'.The -King_ is -showinc extraordinary* in
-terest at -trie military maneuvers. He ia
•f64 first* sovereign to use a motor-car la
inspecting -.and 'directing .the .movements
; 9t troops. . He is outr every morning at 5
"p '.clock and * travels from point to point,
Tiow in the.automcTbile, now In # the saddle,
"with : "a" rapidity -that. '.has greatly" im
pressed the" troops. ..The new Marconi ap
paratus .-fbr -wireles3 telegraphic commu-.
• •njcatiob li Tjeing. used with* excellent re- .
'^'j^.jexpKpu^ttff&."of;5^7f.wa»:iu!th6rls^d
"to '. 'be'.-madei ioUt. pf ;-ttie P'ark'.f Hii^ in- p'ayv
TTBent'to;<the .Gpldeii;,-jG('iLt9*.^ir^' v .b^nd'. > |or
•ipncerts-'duYih'g'./July.. % . '.- .:'¦': ¦¦•-:¦; ¦".'¦':-.' °. : /;
" -A. number of residents of .the districts
named was, heard In support of the exten
sion of .the limits, while several* cattle
• dealers-., and dairy owners' opposed it.
John S. Partridge, stated that- in the dis
tricts'.-pained- there are" nine dairies., and
four corrals whene cattle are, kept and
these he characterized' as a nuisance and
a. detriment: tq the growth of .the' dis-.
trict, which contains 2500 Inhabitants. ,'In
seme -cases. Partridge -said, the streets
are being used -"'as'., part' of the. corrals
and' the. driving of cattle- along public
.thoroughfares is /dangerous ; to the lives.
.o'f pedestrians- and -..especially, of .children.
Brahdenstein desired, to know if a poll
¦of .'the; -resid'eiita -who; 'are. In ¦ favor • of ex.V
tending, tije, limits "could not be ¦ obtained
•and P-artrldge.-.-whUe ¦presuming 'that th6
• desire ;o"f tfie. resident's could" be- ascertaihT •
"*d;.°thpUsHt. it;. ; might; be" a.. rather dtffl-
cultftask:' V Partridgfc. specifically." cbm-
Iplaiitod' pf Jthe/offenBiye'stfenches from -the'
ccx'r'fAa .and'dai.ri6s, ¦tbe 'joibst ruction' bOhp
streets ; and '; fhe./drt viiJK -bifcattte; '.along
Railroad' av'eriue-,.' the-jnairi ' thoroughf ar&
o^th^atsifrictai^o. ':¦ .^H'^-i'^^' ' Vfi' £'•'
vlsa^t -Ftohrna^
eale;; buitcH!5irs;,. 1 .pppj5sed: "the ¦"- "extension; 6f
the; 'lta1t^-'«ia?i^tng.';Gi^t' ; jthe^m;a.jgrrityiof.
.1 he.. V residents" ; : lri -ihe • distrJctB- -were, der
pendent \i^y$S^-fi^^^nO^ift^:^p£*ygt!J^
; ? lii'dM'sttrJtfs.:WhIch* : 'H'l8'.''dgsIre.d''to. suppi-ess.;
;Krohman •': • saf <i : '-t Hat; C the '.le'xte ns io j\ ¦ w ou Id'.;
mean '¦; pra-cttcal'-J^.cpnfisi:a.tioh' of •¦.valuablfe;
••jpi : i3p.er-tj : fis-h r js, ". : .; ';¦;••:" ' _-'j ¦ j\. 'M-i^'-^yy''.:'-\
;vrere ; 'kent-in .an:..un9£uilt&iy'. : cohdlti6n."amd.
::^k'id;.*.;lhe^ v fe.n'c'es; oij'strubting., theV-streiets
.w^t©- riot' ;aH'. ,ma - (nlaihed-..fay;;.th'eV'c.attlo
;dealersi 'ilv JjohhsOn:' spoke': "In :'oppogltk)n"
"t» : 'the 'ejit«h?i0n,;V*rl>e.; ¦•l%Jsr'ty \ Tessner
; and" 'doorge ,Rounaej", favprecj; It.'- ..'¦'' •''¦ .,-;'.'
..•yXuper^jJp^ j^^he^ ;a>^(le\J for 9,'post 7 .
¦p'bnemerit;;6f. actlbr)^ .<^tlie,Vordin«hce..^)n.
-the/ igrpiind -that.- 'DtHtjr-i.'.ihte'reg.tfed :.'iri ' the.
matfer should ¦•be;, heard' and> the, Sjip"e.r-v
•ylsors : should>;flrst visit/ liie- -.di§tr.iWt,'aua.
:<!;bmte;.. wanted .ihstknt/actipn arid" 'said he'
1 would: ; su'pjsqrt';. the.'.'..ex_tenjsioji \-.o'it gfenfeial',
i^J^^^^*--^'yin'j?!/th&t/-'tix6.:.::da)rle9*. -arid/
ebrrals-- mtis".t-'give'.. : 'way • to V' the •¦grqwlli.- *i£.
¦pbpurationi : -C,urila rnioved : -t'hat" .the fntitV
jte;rV;bei ¦referred/ jtb; ; the J: Ffe^lth: : GprninUr.
tee
_TfKe>.reBiiiyntsV6f ;i tie '.affeeted.'/districts- -a^
;tpjltti^;!de^rp*\ye'fcaWl^j.t^««xtendo4.'
/The :^.Dtiori.*.':was.' r barrieji;: wlift:-.c6nit<z;'
-.liyrict) L'^^-'^MJ9o^';Ybfifng,agaIris,t/llti '¦>';•..-.:_'.;
v. •.'Th.e aboard;' aappted-;a/r,esajution' ' pray kiV
:.irig'..ihat/-ih.e-;ii^>-ot ; .be': iU\horjzted- tol'en.- •
:ite'jF -imb^ileatsewijth G\;'C.:M^iin:loxi : i^^'
pri^ls^J/at^-il^'KeHtuikV^^f^t^Xb^b^
us.e<i/as ; .-;a\ branch-/ : fttaHpir-,/df./;th'eV-E'ra<;i i "7'.
' gency /-II^sRltal ifi itfie. .'Potrerp' ; . : ;a3s^' ;-tc ;
'Vftt-e.'r. • jLriip'^Iease '; ;wltJiv&;TC:>M'artlii;"fptr : -'iii;.
/building. ;tp; 'be,' erected '! : jt^;- jl5t iKejrtuilc'v:.
-.stfeei ¦;¦£%': i'-cost .p : fc;$7P4-and';tp/be- '-lisedVirs.
:ii;/stlabl^ : : tor. Jth.e: : ; keepirtg:- of^ ; the^hof?^'
.^nvl.a.mbulahic;e'.of;,the brSanihTEineFgency
• ¦iipgplii&fc't.'tti&.y.fte -v/ap : -;serected/'jon"-.rex;»:
dnd ;C:hi«f • Steward/ .^BUcherV ;v.TJ&8ir36t > aV
¦Jltfriee i authortzing-ithe, May-orHa.lea^efUe..
. pr^mlses.al;.-125'Citi.:- Hall-"- _ivemie vjfeir 'XJiie.
"^tabjlng?: of ; the. /h.pK'es^-of "•¦' th'^;- .fcefatral
.E.m'erge.ij.cy.' H;o5pital. went; to . '-thjs-; Ffaa jice
Qdmmitiee^:-- ¦.¦¦ : :'y : ; :*;¦ •. ! .v'.-'J.-';Vt-V:?-V- ' : -'; ¦'
•¦The Bcjkrd'-of 'Supervisors o yesterday
took- up for Consideration the proposed or
.diriariceejftpndine ther limits wlthin'which
It is unlawful, to keep any swine or mo're
than two 'cows:. The ordinance as amend
ed includes the University 'Mound- and
Bay : View districts ".within the prohibit
ory districts. ¦• •-. ' ..••"'•'.
Staff , .-Automobile Collides.
;.-; With Milestone and Offl- *
v . . •; ,-. , ." per IsHurt. % • •'• . •
Cashier Cole Jurist Pefend JBuit
;7 for 830,00.0 Stolen by
• :'.i-'-:":'
•Is Accused "of. Having' Stolen
! ¦¦: ... V Cattle in Texas' in ¦:' ;*." • .:
bhairrnan of Convention May
:; .pome From. Ranks of .
'•¦• O.- '''¦ ¦ ¦¦¦: '• ta© Party.;' 'l:''. : :- : Y-- : \
New YorkLif e Insurance
: : Company Secures v;
:V: P'{?: Judgment, h
Will. Discontinue ..' .One . -.Line
'¦ >.}f ¦ ' Operating. ".Rights. ;.;;¦_- i
y ?. '[:[¦ '¦"••;' Are Denied.. '¦•. : ¦:• : •'.' •
Steps Taken tp' Establish an
;..." Emergency Hbspital'.ii'?-' :
V : ; -..., the-Potrero. • ..
Prominent < Citizen of
Arizona Arrested for .
•J,;-. Old Offense. :.'", >?:••..
Italian King Uses Mod
ern Transport* at i
• I: •.' Maneuvers. •/ •
Residents of, Two Dis
-tricts Appear to the •
* • ' • Supervisors. ' • : .
Southern Pacific Takes
: -Determined Stand
. in'Alameda. ' .^ ::
Additions to the List of
Bepublican Oandi- •
\r. .";-. "-'.•. dates. • '.":"
NEW ASPIRANTS
IN THE FIELD
REVIEWS TROOPS
IN MOTOR CAR
URGE EXTENSION
OF COW LIMITS
REFUSES TO PAY
FOR FRANCHISES
LAW FINDS HIM
AFTER SIX YEARS
EVADES PAYMENT
OF BIG POLICY
THE SAN FBAKCISCO ; CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 1. 1903.
ALASKA WANTS
REPRESENTATION
IN WASHINGTON
CquVjt Artolio,-. Aricierk-., brdcrc'o^ i r or:est-;."
ieni. -wilj'jsrive g.n cntortaihrpcfct ''-in -.G.olderi"
Gr.te. Hall."'t<5-r&orrQ\v.. riiktit-7 if tcr ;w'hi.cfi
thtrt- vJHl tie a'.p'rograinrfie.pf.jiaticesi^e \
rommltice Tias-arrrangetf -for 'a . Iiig'li-cla.ss j
function.'] • /".• . : '-'-.•. '. : :_ '\.' ¦''/-.¦ ¦••.•V' ' ; .-" ; . V; ]
9
¦ADVEBTISETyrTiNTa
" "
' .^ '-*'-;'* j-*-j ,- ', i a-iyf-i i-**-.*_ * i^iliuui.i.i.'-iji i. -i -u-|.*i-rii-tfli 'i.tr *
' - "Beauty "is but. skin-
• deep was probably meant
.to disparage beauty. In-
stead -it. tells how easy .
• that .beauty, is to attain.
: . .' "tTiere is no beauty
.- like' the- beauty of health"
was also meant to dis-
parage. Instead it encour-
ages beauty.
'. Pears* Soap is the means
of health to the skin, and
" so to both these sorts of
• beauty.
Sold all over the world.
fjf'iilljniiit^'*''^^ 33-***^
rBEE DENTAL CXZBTZO
For those 'enable to pay ordinary office feca.
T'eeth cleaned, treated and regulated Ire*.
Plates/ brldgeworlc and crowns made for ttia
cost of material. Pivot teeth, crowns and fill-
ings Inserted at cost. Teeth extracted free.
Painless methods. Graduates only. Full guar-
antee. Week days. 9 to 9. Sundays. 9 to 1. -
POST-GRAD V ATE 3E5TAL COX -EGE
San Pranciico — 3 Taylor 2tr««t.
OakUsO— 973 WatHlafftoa Strt«t.
Umjx Jo— «a Zut SwiiA dm MtxtK
¦*L-V; *' '".
Was Always .Very.
Pale andThin,. V :
Nervous Prostration-
Faint Spells. ;"
Dr. Miles* Nervine Saved .
My Life.
There is great Ganger in a run down "con-
dition. Overwork, mental strain, the cares .
and worries of business and the home, all
have a deleterious effect upon the nerves,
wliich in their devitalized condition readily
fall prey to the attacks of disease. Aside
from the danger there is no condition at-
tended by so many disagreeable symptoms;
facb' as loss of appetite, indigestion or nerv-.
ous dyspepsia, headache, tirexi feeling and
loss ot ambition together wioh the agony of
sleepless nights spent in to/sing restlessly
itboat, only to rise exhausted "n the morning.
Dr. Miles'- Nenrine : is a tnie' nerve tonic
which, by strengthening the aerres, restores
health and appetite and bring* sweet sleep.
**Fo* six fears I suffered almost constant"/
from a complication cf troubles which crimi-
nated in coxriplete 'nervous prostration. I
had no appetite, I could not sleep, I suffered
from indigestion and nervousness. As is so
often the case in nervous prostration I fre-
cpectly had weak, fainting spells. Doctors
did not help me. They said my blood was
very poor, and I know my face was always
very pale. The very first bottle of f>r. Miles'
Nervine I tock gave me noticeable relief and
I felt stronger than I had in years. My
neighbors in Puyallup, Wash, where I then
lived will testify to this. I also used some of
Dt, Miles' Restorative Tonic and Anti-Pain
Pill*. I belieye the Dr. Miles Remedies
saved my life."— Mrs. J. C Benedict, Tuck-
Utah.. ..';,;
VI! druggists .sell and guarantee first bot-
- Dr. Miles' Remedies. Send for free book
m Nervous and Heart Diseases. Address"
Ji. Miles Medical Co, Elkhart, Ind..Td : ;.ARRtyE.
.^p.%ein«iits3of;"St5am'ers.
Time ;Baill'.
Branch' • Hy'drbgraphic..Qfnce,: Ui 8,- 1*.; Merr
'.- : , cJiahts' • .¦Exchange..-.. San • Francisco.-- Qal:i
-•AuRiist -si.- ¦;•"• .¦•-••¦•''¦•¦:•:•¦¦.•'¦¦¦•'• <. •;'••••".¦••.
¦'The' .time, ball- on? the "Ferry." building '.was
dropped " exactly/at :"npoh-- trPday." -. !;¦ e.-. ;at . ribon
of thel20tb-.meridfaii ; . or.;at:8-p..- mr. .Inimwlch
tlihe.- • ".•- •;•¦-;•-•¦¦• '¦¦•¦':"-". '•':- ,¦ v JicC.iBPRNEfT.:'.;. :
'"¦.-: : •••..¦V.L!epfenant.-'.U..:.S'. -N,, .in -Charge." -
'.".;.••'. • : "- ';V'T.UESbA ; Y.-VSEJ^-M.r?£R*.l-}_.'' ¦•;....•."• ¦;_•''
: Bun. xis.eji ,"?.-/.-« :C-".^. : :i
'Suit >et s ¦¦.;. . {i ;/<:, £.'. ;;...* | « .'»=* v : « : |» P: *£
:Mobh:.setS-...; ; .-; '. ..j,;' r; . -:[¦.• • ; •': '.':,9. : P- *• m * .
.^^:^:*|2»4^Sy^J^ *&
°V|LVW ' /:' a -Wf ¦;:';. |L;W ; :'^;{H" Wj,;:yy
'*¦ "2-.2bT' 0.4 if:35l.-: 4.<U-.2.:3lf: 2:8.i;.8:33 r «:1.-.
4 '3"*44 '6 3ao-:S6 -4,9 3^541 . :Ji.5. 10:041- 5.I.
' -5= 4-l4- «3HX«Al : IS'O -4.301.-2.^1.^43 :.5.I
1 6 .-4-52 O.iilUMS -.Rll'SiOSl ¦2.0IU:2(>i .- 5,V
•; ?¦: :2^2ti'-X7.ri2;iO'.,;54h.5^3| ; xlv7l! v >.; : :];:./^:
NOTE^In- ihe.-aboye" eipp ? it46n-. of ahe",tldes"
'the. early mor-nlnc/tldes. -.are.vBtVen- "In ..the le£t :
•hind- column •and Xhe: successive,^ der ot the
-dav rh .tHeorder-or.'occurrenc^-as to. timer..the.
. fou>th" time .coiumn:- gives ; the;laSt : .tldevof the.
daivexcept when thereV are. hut .three tides., a*
.'sorVietim*'* ¦¦-ORCuA,"". The - heis.hts . fely-en.are In
•addition:, tq the: soundings -.o« the .UnUed States
Coast "Survey Charts,, except' when .the number.;
Viven'ls Subtracted ¦¦¦. from" the:. depth, given/, by
.the : charts--The .plane o.f. reference .is the mean..
1 "cf .:t'be -lower -,low. waters./ ' --j , , . "¦ "- -; : ¦- .• ; ¦ ¦. -.'• ;-. :•¦-.-
*;" to-. sAiii-
FROM SEATTLE. •
Steamer. * # For. I Sails. .
Benator Nome direct.* Sept. 1
Eureka Nome direct........... Sept. 1
Excelsior.*.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Sepp. 1
Roanoke Nome & St. Michael. .. Sept, 1
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports Sept. J
Ohio Nome & St. Michael.. .|Sept- 2
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports|Sept. 2
Al-Kl Skagway & Way VortSjSept. 6
Dingo Skagway A -Way PortslSept. j
Dolphin Skagway & Way Pts.. [Sept. 6
Hertha.. Cooks Inlet &. Way Pts|Sept- 1
Cottare City. . SkaRway & Way Ports. ISept. s
Farallon Skagway & Way Pts..|Sept. 12
Oregon Nome direct (Sept. 12
CltyTcpeka.. Skagway>& Way Port*. ISept. 13
Santa Ana.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pt«|Sept. 16
THE CALL CALENDAR.
• ;"SV?arher.'- I -. - Etestination. {"_ Salls.-T PJer'l ..
. **¦-•" -' "•! Se/»ieinlwer I*.;* - '., " I " *
Pho'eiiix- :. "Mendocinq City...." -l>m|Pler*13
N6r"th"" Fork " HuniboldC- . . .. ¦ - .* •- 5 PmlPlf r-- 2
.S.-itonica..' Ix)s -Vngeles. Ports. 4 ptn P er a
Eurtka. T. - . . HumbQldt -". • 9 am P er 13
Pomona...-. 1 Humboldt 1 ...11:30 p Pier ».
Arso."..."..: Eel Ulver Ports.... 4 pmlPier 2
. * September 2. | • .• |
Alliance. . . . Eureka & Coos Bay | ."..... |Pie P 13
Chlco...."- Coqullle River...... 6 pm fier £
bon ita '.• Newport Way Pts. 9 am Pier Vi
September a.
"State-of Cal. Ean Diego & Way^ 0 am Pirr 19
Arcata Coos li.&Pt. Orford 10 am Pier lj
Korea"./. China Si Japan: 1 pm Pier 40
city Pu'ebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier w
clntennlal.. Bea e ttI * eml T^°5 a * 5 pln Pler ' 2
Cor ona Humboldt ..."..... 1:30 p Pier *9
. September C. j •
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pmlPler- 2
p eru N. Y. via Panama. 12 m| Pier 40
Alameda... Honolulu Ill am|Pier 7
G. W. Eldei Astoria & PorUandfll ahjifler 2*
September «. I j"
Sa"nta Rosa. S. Dirgo & W. Pts.] 9 am|Pi>r 10
Coo* Bay... San Pedro Way Ptsl tt a-mlPler vi
September 7. | % (
Curacao.... Mexican Ports . ...|10 amLPier la
September 8. | ¦ |_
Rival Willapa Harbor. ..| 4 pm|Pler 2
TJmatllla... Pugct Sound Ports.fll amfPier 9
September 1O. |
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Newburg... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Chehalls.... Grays Harbor . I 3 pm Pier 2
• - • September 11.
Gaelic China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Nevadan... Hono. & Kahului.. .Vpm Pier 16
J. Dollar... Seattle «c Taeoma. 10 am Pier Z
.' V.SVeamer;.-'-.;! .;..;.;..: V 'pfconu- j.-; ;':[¦/ 'j ; i Ppe'r; -
A : lHan<:'e. : .".-".>.. :rprt-iand."&' .Wayypoft'siSept. -' : V
•Saelhi'. ;„...¦;." -.ehlmv &'-Janati ..-;./. l;:\ Sept: ; 1-
B;jaonlca.;.\' ;Gr»VsVHatbor>:;.;ii:..|Sei.t..' ; y.
rCurarao. A'..', i- -;.Ie^lcari'.Po"rti' i.:'.:-. :':¦.'. rSe-p'tv.v.1
• ArcataX;-. .-:-. -Cobs fiay. &:pt: .Offpra..|Sept...r
.Ajarneda,. ;.;;..-. Hon'oluja :v..';-.'.,;..-....V-lSept:- 1
•¦Ed (th .'w' .:;.;. .- .- .'fega tt1e-;-.-. -. .'..'¦. Wi';. Ly -JSept-. '.. 12'
i .Cq'ran.a.- .-.-.'. : .'., ¦:U\iMjo\dX':^.j.'.\J:.^ i :, j.iSifpc.'-.. v.
'Ba'tl'-Jua-ri:-.^ ..-. -New'- Vprk^.Tla ''Pa|iama|Sept.'-. -2'
¦-G.- W.-. Elder...': Pcrtrlaiyi .£- Astoria ."r.V^iSeptJt 2
'Arfetio.::".V.v .; Hombcldt;-.- ".'..;-•. ¦:.':':¦: .-.LSept. ;X
¦¦.BnooklJ-n."-/^. -Hendocirrb. "&I*V'- Arena" [Sept:- '3:
" 8ania.-'Jt.O3a: ; .' -gitii.'li'ieBo.'it-.VV'a'y .ttsr.itivpt^' ¦¦&'
¦ C"oos-.B3yV. . ;.¦ San.--r?£dro: & • Way :PU.-iSept..".."r'
.¦^Eur«!k;a;I'.':V.;. "HimUoldt. ;; ."!..>'; »';;,- V."|Pep't...:-4.':
.N.evaUah-; -.;.'¦;.'... 'Honolulu*- .'.-.%.. :.'.'**¦;. ".JSept." % A
.Tr.matllla:.;..-..;-,; .^URj-t' yound;P^rts-.yi-.".^Sey;V ¦»..'
' Pc/hjoha-. .'i'.i.i' 'Kujtiibo*,dt : ' .'•.". Ji -•'. ii . : ."-. |f»epX-. "".J5"!
"ArgpV/V,:^ .- .¦'» -.-E.el ; RUyer'-- Ports-; ..i ,i>" Sept,;' -'.V |
• Kivall".-. :-.-. - : .> . Wlllap'a •"Hdrbpr': ; -' :¦-'- -¦ISeRt. ""-. 5.
.ezarfnrf.»i ,:-'•' Cobs -Bay' ..'.' .;'-..: ;. ..if. ."tSeUjIL J8
r"J:' Dollar. . <,/-• ¥ea"tt4e","/fc; -Tac6ma. •.:.-...-TSs'i>t....r>-.
Ne,w«urg. •:...;¦ -.Gray a- Hijrbpr *,-.-'."«U HS<ot: .,6.
Kbrth-FprK:..". Hum«i?irit>.'..-. .--¦.-: : .-... . !Se"pt:> "-7
: erata 6f Cal..:- ".SJin.'DlegO ;••& •Vya-y.PXs.iS.ept.. . 7.;
.-Synflma .'•';.;•.."./ JsyoMiijy -.^'....VVay. fb'rlV.-ee^t, •'; 7
Columbia.-; '.':', .-Poft'larid" &'. A«torla%" w --. S^pt:': -7"
Bon I fa ". : :.; ;>:,;'¦. Newport *& .Way JPorts/Sepil;'.'?.
. S. •parbata. .'.: t"ea«le""¥"P'ymptai.v.*. Sept. • 8.
. *3u«en'. .". . V-^ •. . I'ufeet - Sqan4-. Ports :.-,.¦ 3 • 9:
"Colon/':*,- .v'..."l '.N.e.w* Yo'rT{..vja.-P/iri(ima.' l^eflt.>-0.
Ttalnler. . .'- .-'.. : . S?a.ttle^.& ,;Wljatc<5iTi .V.]SepK- :-.9..
•Polnt'Areria.-v" ilepdocino & Pt. 'Arena jSspt-"-lO :
'Ch'nx' 'Wp-.'v. . ' i'hlria &. Japan"*-.,:: .ir".JS6pt" 10"
\'S.- -P6rfl«"n,'d 4 ;' Port lp-nd; &.. A s.torta: -. ', .- 1 Sep.t." 1 0:
¦ED K.-.Mgru ij Ch'lna-. &' -J*apa*n:'-^U i. .•|Sept." 1 j".
September, 1903.
S. M. | T. I W. T. F. S. Moon's Phases
_i_L_L_!.iiiL !^ (rT LastQr..
13 14 15 16 17 IS 19 Sept. 14.
1 ' ¦ ' ' — — — — Xew Moon
20 21 22 23 24 25 26 ® Sept. 20.
~zT ~28~ 20 '.-JIT - ~ -Jk First Qr.,
. .__- JP SeDU2S.
• Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort -Point, entrance .to Saa
Monday, August 31.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, 41 hours
from San Diego. - •
Stmr Mlneola." Kirkwood, 96 hours from
Tacoma. ' '
Stmr Olympic, Hansen, 42 hours ; from San
Pedro.
Stmr Bonlta, Alberts, 10 hours ; from Moss
Landing.
. Stmr Del Norte, Green, 32 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Scotia, Erlckson, 11 hours from Bow
ens Landing.
Stmr Montara, Reilly, 24 hours from Port
Harford. : - , V ::
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Wratigell Strait, page 01— Rock Point buoy
No. 10, a fr&t-class spar, reported adrift Au
gust 5 will be reiilr.oerl as soon as practicable.*,
By order of the Lighthouse Board. :
C. Q. CAHJINS.
Commander. U- £• N.. Lighthouse Inspector.
ALASKA.
Juan* de Fuca Strait, pag'e 76 — Crescent Bay
buoy No. 2, a first-class nun, "heretofore re
ported dragged out "of position, was replaced
July 31. .
Eagle Harbor, page 79 — Wing Point reef buoy
No. 2. a serord-class nun. heretofore reported
adrift, was icnlaced July 27. , ' .
Hale passage page 81 — Point Francis Buoy
No.' O. a red flirt-class spar, heretofore re
ported a'drltt, was rr-placed August S.-
WASHINGTON.
v r. ; v ' G S? GO^ : ANr >^ Washington: ¦¦'. • '. :.. ...
/CoJiinibia .'Rfvei;: vinslVJe^.bai* : -"ga;s-.:.6u'oy. :. imsft'
ii, : ' •¦ 9 1 . •t'fst .of ' BeaF'ons.'a-nd.-Buoya • Pk-'
—Cape. Disappdf-ntmerit ilgtfthtftlse.^SEvfe^i,*aX'
fu 'J&^Vyi J - AdamV^Vtd.iVepri'tirii^al':
'•¦ •:' . V • ', . '• ¦¦••' 'WAiimNGTON, .' "f '¦'• \-.."' ¦(¦ '/. ; k'/.
>t^— >T Q \ nt: P^.#C rflVe..4O, ".aftf'r No.-. : .17C-
S';: °-f .'-.Beacons ¦ airdv Kmys; -..Pacing .'.Coast.'
.-lOtH. . rago. •/ (j).-~ A-UHust -i,-av-. Boufdl sCi'ite-.-pijst
lantern, light;.- tfu6p f: rwied. ."-23 "-^e'et ": above'the'
wattle fccm.-an ahm:on-.fi . ; white-.gallowg'/rarne.
JJ -t-Lcf r..i»:!i.-;Wai,-"e.5t*birshed.o^.-Ahe .Vxtreme'
•«=itij -.of.. T.sm- 1'joi.nt,- as-.a r v iilde.:for: VeVs'els'calf-'
1?. K .a t t. ; .the-" tonyr- of"Gctt-ysburjr, "-RacS: «ocks-'
uCjCatmaniltV Ufihthouse.'.-'NNSi-fll. K-
.taij«fent.*-to .Tcrgue Tbirft. t{E . Jby-'-K-' % e'
.-(ca!=Jr.rlj-j;'ttuKent'.fcf".Sllp'.Point. W, -i.i.S. ".- • v
• Port-Vijscont ]<osClteMt. paRe -4,) after. No'
l««i atid 1 rtacdlng (List of Beacons and. Buoys'"
I-acific .Coast. 10<i.T, page 7G).— August 1 a- Hxe<i'
red i-ost.lantern liRht. suspended.- 40 feet above
the water. Irom. an arm on" a white. Rallowa
.frame S itet high, .was established nn the ex
rieme. i-nd ot the western head of. Crescent
Bay. -as a guirt^ frr" vessels entering or leav
ing the bay to rats" inside and clear of Cres
cent Cock. Race Rocks "(Canadian) light-,
house. KNG. tnorthrrly), tange - nt" to Tongue'
Point." Xi:. by E.. tangent to .Slip Point. W.
Arcadia rost light, page 4t. .after No. 107
(List. of beacon* "and" Buoys Pacific Coast,
UKKJ. 1 age 81).— August 11. a fixed white post
lantern- light, surpended. 25 feet above tho
water, from an arm on a white gallows frame
6 foet high, was ei=t:tfolfshed near the town of
Aroadia. as a giik'e for vessels entering Ham
mersleys Inlet. Left tangent to Hope Island
F.SE. 1, E.. right tangent, to Hope islafM,
SE. % S.. tangent to Windy Point. S. % W.
The fojlowinz affects the List of Beacons
and Buoys, Pacific Coast. 1J103:
OREGON.
Taqulna Bay entrance, pages 41* and 48.
Corrected position — Yaqulna Bay outside bar
whistling buoy. PS., marked "Y" In white, in
»1 feet of water. Yaqulna (discontinued) llght
h.»i«*. X!" \<i N (nitlitV) lifu-sa-ving sta
tion E.' % t-:.. 1'aaulna I>ai? lighthouse, N.
by W. incrtherly). - - : ",-.\,
. OIIECON AND WASHINGTON.
Colunibin River, rsp.p W^-Scuth side of mid
die Ruiind buoy No. 1 was discontinued Au
gurt IS. owing to the shifting of the chan
ntt. . •
¦¦NrttlCrj'^iiariner*
Duel ' qn Steamship ; Algoa.
"• Leu.ng -P.Vng' .Wpon," .' second", cpok pri.-'the ;Pal.
:"cific-.iIaflilSfeafn'shi'p •'¦Company.' s'- Algpa,- "arr :
chored in - Mission " Bay.", ' • y>stel-day ;" attached •
Chief- Cook** Cliaiig" :Chung .with an • irbri-'baH
f*hkhg"<?li.ung-is-an-expert"cook- and skjlleVl Vn
•^he -use r^f- a carving knife.- R«treitiAg "before'-'
his a'htagonjft's clumpy' but -effect-lv-e weapon/
1-*hang Kacked into- his galley.;.grab'be'd- fj-om .a
1?Htter.trig arrij'-a. big," sharp ahd.Bhi.nJI.ng.icarr.vjei"
and-. did "iome leadrng- "on hi-s . .nwn . 'accgunt: •
When the" -tnraged , A!"iatics... "were .. separated;;
Chajig we're, several ".ihark'S-'of the iron-, ba.r,' but
•Leu n»i; Ping Wodn.was slashed '.most thoruagh.-
ly."'-His njest- scrfbus." wounds were a"d.eep cut
•"dowri-rhe : rislit tide- a.n'd -a severe incision x>f"thfl.
l^ft elbow." The -la'ttcr wound is" cnnglderea-se-
rious. A"de<ior was se.nt..Tor"and arrived .is'
.time:' to save "the", second cook- tronx- .Vleaiii:.
•tTiroug-fr. lost -of -blcod. . The ..Chinese -hive .ai
'ways-.-been-good'friends.." Th'e- Algoa'^hay be^n
Idle in the strfca'rh for sp'me".time. however,, Ch^
men have" been" confined to. the vessej "and it is.
thought' that- tort' close and .too "constant ••a^'o.-. •
ciatiun .caused the -irritatiea'whlph resulted.'!^,
yesterday's duel. ;.Dr.".-You"ng of" the"raiiinr>
Mai| Company stitched up Leunp J > lng".Wocn>".
wounds and later in'|hfe afternoon Sergeant qt
Police Thomas "Ellis, and; Policeman James Ik*:
Gralh arrested Cha'np Chung, and charged Iwrn.:
with- assault to commit murder. Leung. .i-.ln'g
Woon nas not In a- condition to be, renurvfiU
from the- steamship. =• • • -..".••-..
Overdue Bates Advance.
' • With jhV exception of Ihe" ' Heleb.
and Milton Park,, which remain .at;00 per
cent, tho rates ot- reinsurance on all the- <5ver
dues were advdnced- yesterday from 5 to 10
points. The- Aristlde* is now" quoted at (i5
per cent, and grave fears are- entertained for
her safety. The Arabia is quoted at 20 per
cent, and the Slritt? • was advanced to 40 per
cenf. In spite of the fact 'that she. is now
out 179 days from Sourabaya. for • Delaware
Breakwater, there is still faith In the salety
of the Helen. Brewer, and the amount of mon
ey, now beyond the $200,000 mark, wagered
on her- to arrive, continues to crow.. .
Brings the Biggest Barge.
The • Screckels tug Defiance acrived early
yesterday morning from Coos Bay with" the
barge Yankee In tow. The Yankee is to be
ut?d in connection with the dredging ot the
channel to the Mare Island navy-yard, and
is one of two etfiter barges recently ordered
by Contractor Rudoloh Axman. These barges
are said to be the largest of their kind in
the world.
Will Take Another Chance.
Captain A. P. Lcrcntzen, whose bay trip
some weeks ago in the five-masted schooner
Snow and Burgess created considerable criti
cism, is going to take another chance with
the fates In a similar excursion on the
schooner Honolulu, recently 'overhauled and
now ready to go into commission again. . -. .;..
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping' Merchants. .
A manifest was filed at the Custorn-house
yesterday, representing an addition to the cargo
of the brig Galilee, which cleared on .Saturday
for Apia, Samoan Islands. The additional car
go was valued at (2105 and included 5S.9G3 ft
lumber, 57 pkgs mill work, 27 cs canned good*.
100 lbs cheese, 7 pkgs provisions, 2-'!0 lbs lard,
2 crts onions. 2160 lbs bread and 50 cs canned
salmon. ¦ '-
A Cargo for London. .
The British bark Inverclyde was cleared for
London yesterday with 22.400 ctls barley. 44,;»00
cs canned fruit, 1S03 cs canned asparagus, 475
cs canned 6almon. 9000 gals wine and 242, i72
lbs tallow, valued at I1KK.160. The vessel al<§o
carried 23,000 ft lumber as dunnage, valued at
fSSO. ' -
Exports for the North.
The steamer Queen sailed on Saturday fur
Victoria with an assorted merchandise cargo
consigned to the principal British Columbian
ports, valued at ?23,3CS and including the lol
lowing:
lt>77 pkgs freeh fruits, 42 pkgs fresh vegeta
bles, 65 pkge onions, 22,325 lbs dried fruit 30v)0
lbs chocolate. 250 lbs 3 bdls raisins, 371 lbs
cheese, 211 lbs ham, 439 cs canned goods, 41
pkgs groceries and provisions, 155 gals wine
8030 lbs malt. 148 lbs hops, 1500 lbs beans 4
cs epices. .7400 lbs ¦ meals, . 2814 lbs coffee, ' 11
pkgs baking powder. 9 pkgs paints, 4 pkgs dry
goods, 5 pkgs electrical supplies, 25 uuls pitch
1S1 cs arms and ammunition, 2618 lbs lead
..41L-- bbis flour, C3 : 12-- ctis ' bariey.' ia3?04l- lbs.
braa^ClVP6'4..>bs,middlVhgs,-2Z5i -ctls •w-heat,'.'4400
lb.s-.fi:eph-.nieat;.iS»-,lbV-«at«,"->jSS,2i:»5:H)s'fei : tfU'''
'i z , fer v. 1;1 '- S79 -- lbs i&n- i>kgs:'frcgh. fruit; .22
•6KE?. fresh..- vegetaU.leitt>.tia4- pRgs' >ota.-toe's,-243 ;
P^K*-ottfdns-, :2759:. bales, vhay', :7829' Jbs- ;71"cs;
irbad-, ¦ 9775. Ui» •"cus"a-r < -".lC0." .ibs-'cofCSe, -.'0- • iikxs
• vinegar, &>;<{>:: 1 bs. : >1 eese.v .1 )m X bi/.imm a-nd' b"a"- - :
corr 10 ;cs.,cgKs,v25&5 ; 1ta|, butter." ?;tj'i"cs-Ga-nhe'd : .
F°6<;6,;4-iri4 :'r.'kgs groceries, irn'd'.prov'isioqs " H'cs'
2-i-;.pkgs-- -ftalmonv '• 107;<3(Mj- .•Jbs:.'.Tic'e,.;i4,-K!i , lbs"
¦£ ean?1 ' 31W. : -g*ls.,wine..."5!s<:s- llciuorisv -24H pk'K>
•bouied : bper;;. 1.0 :.cs -brandy, ; 50. t* ' whts*'y.; 2-cs
•^" rr? , 1 ,^ t?^' f 1 - 97 ' lb^" 7 'rk"ss':cahilv;.'2.1s&. fbs,
lrf.Cfi rniilfetufTs;, i25. ; lbs.-^ pkgs-raibLhs^ri'.bks.
•JiiTix' 1 ?G :°^ i ' I . b! ! -? aI .f - - : i-.7.;<y -»j? satjW Mkra;-
H *?}*£'$ Ti *$ •n- s »'-..rl.^Pkgs" baking-,ftbwder;- :Wo
•l.bs- ;4ri*.J .fruit; 32J»Q- lbV cod^sh'..--tSOJ-.^loss:-^dry
poods,: 5 ; cb. h&fs.-.tJO; qs boots -.an^-shcrB:» :j:{,pk>y.
drugs.. 2J5- bxs. eoap; M2.'; lbs 'seed. ."-i»2r. AZtttX
20S; b«Hs -"• bate Iron-.- ti» ca: p n,; 27,'^«-"^iatche^:
¦WJ pkKS.-mnisork. .lSi^pkgs 1 paper^ srjria'lei
ba^ v lft_pkS R . ? i a< idJe r .y.and. .fta^eis. :.r,:'wies
•trooms;. j-.Pkss,. elect rtcal': supplies'.-.om ft'-.iuin-
A*i pkgs- iron.-.w^rk. -i carboys .arid • . IS -lik^i
Sl JP^o^, '^ -fin^lO
. The" steamer .Enterprise, :Wh1c}i sailed on ; Sat
urday. for/IMiOj ¦ carried, a general- merch'andtfce
cargo.-.'valued'at .'?OS,'1B2: '. The Jeadiri-g .'exports
,w«sre -as. folldws :. ¦'-" ' '• :¦ • =•- . • -. . • . :• ¦ ¦-.; V- ".': .
Merehandise. f or- 'iffilo..
. ¦ The "20.000 sealskins -which were brought, here
from Alaska' a few days ago' by the" steamship.
\i H Krugcp are now rtn their way to London,
to be sold at the November auction'. • All seal
ek:ns reach their final market" through the.uuc
¦ lon-rooms to which the -Krugers . aklns. are-,
conbigned. There vis an auction twice .a. yevir.
All eealsklns are prepared" for use" bv -on.; linn."
Lamson & Co; "of Londpn. .The. first -Lam-*-;
son was. -with- the- Hudson Bay -Company,
and while "In" thaj Bervijce disc(jver.ed .k .pecu-*
liarly EaUsfactory.p«)c*sB-.fdr sealsklrts^-
In 'epite-Df the ."-effoftaf bf.;phemiBts.'aHd c oth'er.
.exi>6rts".n«i • substitute"" for ' the La.mfion.- method
has evej-taeen aiscoVer^d.'- .The- Lamson -procf-s?
has- .be«-n-"kej>t'" secret., rt .waa. htfndea.--d.oWu
from- father' to" ".sc r n -and- •to-'day the -Ixarnsons,'
handle every .nrst-class sealskin "that. feoes.VQn.
ihe. worlTs" iharkeV .Af •the-Iauctlons-hfeld.in;
•London :th«S .-prlnclpal-b'uyers" -come from Russia,
"and- Germany.-, The ."Beul^kiijs -.brsuRht hjrg;.by
the •' Kruger --are expected.", to*. bring: .\about • *20
tacji at ".the "auQtioi),"; .making "• the -.shipment.
wb'rtK about' $400,001). ".¦•.".:•¦•. •""..• •'••.¦•'¦¦/-' V
Wili Be: Sold- in. London.
pipe,- '5 .-flanks. : dVic^csilv"er; : i3."rjk».. 604 viottles
¦drugs,. 50. tins rhaii;hes.'-.&-pki^ feather*: 47i>:jls'
lea* tobacco.. 1U pkgs. steel, = L'3 bars' iron, j::7
rPkgs.machlrtery, 51, kxsi-caridtes; l""pk|r bicycle.
; fhit. steani^r -also -oarrie'd •the-fdrllowlnK-oi'irp
n.cms-:. . "- ¦ ;.• -.• .- :•.'..-¦••: ;¦..*;. -:-¦;¦:..• ;•
V.-ITor: .DaVsfcji—i 9,225. lbs /dried- fruii.:-i20O lbs
r.i!ilns;..-:i00 c? ca'rined -fruifarid' 43 «;a:.< -brandy;
\aJued.at-.?2214 -•¦'• -.-.•.:.:¦.-'. .' - : .. :.
K«rr- WlhnCpe«r— it;, 1.50 . lbs asphilivm,' .'valued
at JS.'iS. • ¦•' •-• .' -.- '• -.'.•¦¦¦ '¦¦•¦¦ •:•..¦¦•¦.' "-."•..
¦ -For Torontoir-34i.375 lb> drieji' fruit, Valued. at
$832.-.- . '-.* .• .. .-,.. :' •..-..-"// • *..•-- *\'.- ;..' °. . ' * • •" i
SPREtik'EtS'. V-TUtr"' '" ;ii)EFiAN"CE ; .:
[:.- WHICH ::.' ARRIVED i tESTER-' v.
'.•;:DAYi BAtt.d[E;. yAXK^E/V
LORENZO MARQUES— Arrived July 24—
Fr baric Henry, from Eureka.
ALGIERS— Passed Aug. 28— Br stmr Indranl
from New York for Manila. " . ; '
HONOLULU— Arrived Aug. 31— Bktn Archer
h»nce Aug. 11; bktn S. N. Castle, hence Aug!
'. " " OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug? 31— Stmr Zee,
land, •fro'm Antwerp; stmr Armenian, 0 from
Liverpool.
GLASGOW— Sailed Aug. 01— Stmr Lauren
tlan. for»New Yrfrk.
LEGHOKNJ'-Arrive'd Aug. 30— Stmr *Peru
gin. from Marv^illes.
HAMBVRG— Arrived Aug. 30— S t tmr Bluch
er, 'from New York. •
HBEMKN— Arrived Aug. 31— Stmr Bremen,
from Now York, via Plymouth.
CHERBOURG — Arrive* Aug. 31— Stmr
Kals-r Wllhelm II, via Plymouth, and pro
ceeded.
.Sailed Aug. 31 — Stmr Grosser. Kurrurst
from Bremen, for New York.
LONDON — Arnived Aug. 31— Stmr MInne
tonka, from New York.
DOVER— Passed Aug. 31— Stmr Vaderland,
from " New York for Antwerp.
.LIVERPOOL — Arrived. Aug. 30— Stmr Ba
arlan, from Mcnm al.
..FOREIGN PORTS. . % -' ,
¦ S'tmf Melville ¦DolJar-.-Fosen.. 48. honr».. ; .fr9in
.San'' Pedro. -"¦."."••.''"."."• -. -. ..' ...¦¦'¦¦ '¦.': •¦•'.••
¦ ¦ Sehr .DavW . Evans. -HCu'niberE. 10 days .from
: Portland., iia ¦•AWtbrla.:7. days. ' .• ..... ;;• \;,' ./ 7 -
' • -Schr vAdvance; . Jorsrensbn-,".4 .days .from - Co.*.
•quille.-Rlver.'.-' : : ;. ' . ¦ 'j. ¦¦-.¦¦ .. •'"'..- • ' ¦•v.".."v'" : '•" '
";. Schr-. Novelty,.' Hoffman.. •"• days-- from .^Wil-.'.
fala Hariior; ;.*:'• :' : / : ••••..•.'¦- ' : ij'*. '.'.'. '•:}•'- ':.¦¦'¦¦'.¦
¦ •¦.¦Sctir.' - Kva, : .'.Horp^trorh; .3 days- frbm.'.Eurekav
. i - Sehr Mary- 1-",.. tampbell., • I'p .hours, froui : -. Bo*
degfa-. 1 . ..•¦ - .'I'.:.".'." .••'•'.,•.'; -. • " •*•'.'¦ .'-.'¦ * i» '.¦.:'•
'-. Tug.-. Dehahee, " Jalnes;;' 62 •hdurs .¦from-'Cooa'
.I?ay v ¦•¦vvltfi ..barge" in'-tqW. -.--• •!•¦•¦....'•; -..- '.¦•,.-.:
' .!'• •: . ; : --- -¦' '¦:.". -sXiLED.. ".';•.¦';*/"¦••, -;>v'" -- :
.'¦'•• .- ••.•••..¦.'¦¦-.•:..•..'.' '-.. Monday./Aueusf. 31.-." .;
\\ Strrtr- Rfdpndo,- 'ICrbgr. "Eureka". '.'..••.-.:. ; . : - >
• '-.Rtmr- «'Vrac.e> DoUar,' -Oleen,'* ISrays' Harbor;- v".
• 'Strrfr,' ti'iynipid'. :'.HahSen-.- .Fklrharverf. ,-''•'• ¦'¦¦
. , -Stmr.\V-\H.. 'Kruser, .Ahllh../rillamooki:\;;- .- :
' '-Sftnir-Cojuhilrtav .."iJoi-Aji.. Astoria." t --> "¦ ; :,¦¦'¦
;•;,;.' "' -" ' ,¦¦''•;-.'•:•. :(^earjeik ¦..• • : :'-j?:? ..V-'-,V!
¦•" •" •' '-. - :•: ..•¦..' '- : ¦' •.•¦¦,Mpnday%'.'-Augupt'il.:. -:'..
. ¦¦ .•:Br.:bark;- In\ierclyjde,''-Mllne, .Ijondori; .G.'.W."
. McNear.J--.>.: ; -:'' •' I- ! '--.i- : ..-. '• •,- ¦-- i -:-:~.'-". l i/;
• ..Ger':' strnr : Silpsla. • Lorenzi i Ham burg; - J:. '•; D'.-.
'•Sprtfckels. &. Cr6s.-..C(\.":- .:.'. ¦ . •'..' '.•.'-...- '•' ••'-.•.• .
'¦ ¦ :Fr '.back. 'Alice"," Tissler;- ¦.QvMsenstowri.;' ;' A'.'' B.'
Costigan &.:-e67 ¦.-;; •¦ /''.¦'.'¦. •'¦• • •.'¦¦•¦'¦¦• '.' •';.'
¦ '¦.••' -.1 '¦¦'¦'' ¦'¦',¦¦'{ ¦¦pp.pKEX.- .¦-;. •/_..¦'• - : ;\ -¦.•'.• ',
. . 'Aujgusjl to. 34 ri,] 17 -JV-i-Fr bark ' NoeniiV from
.'Shields.-Ipr."San'..Frarrcisco. .••¦' '.-¦¦ '¦¦ '.«.';: ' •
' .'.'.- ..¦¦¦¦' ••-:¦ TELEGRAPHIC.- Y';'.-. V'V- -' •¦¦•;¦'.
• .POINT; ionos. : . : l2-. rn.4-Koggy;..vind .SW,:
'velocity. 12 rol!<>s : all-" hou'n ' ';': "¦ -.;¦ "-..-•;' ...'-.'
.';.. "i : ¦ '.".-':. -"'.'bbMESTIC -.PORTS:. . '"" ¦'.. .-'¦ ''¦¦''> :
" . -.ABJE:RDEE>ir Arrived • Aug! 31-^Stni'rs ."Cor.-'
. "orra.dQ,'.-.he;nee..;;VLrs:v : 2><{ - "t'hekalis. hence. -'Aug.
¦2§.:'stmr'. NfAvbutg-.,' lience' A'ms:.-"27v " '¦'• ' - - «.-;•;
"-. P&Uf,- .j-(»y?C£vEXi)--.<rrlved -AUe." : 31^U.
'P.- «bbt!.' Celticv' f rtJrn- HontJIuly.. >'• ',-' -"-• " - : '<¦ ';•
. -¦;B l \JS'E)ON.-^ Arrived' Au^. :31^Sclir ' •yblarttje.'.
' frprri'JCirky* Hanbdp. •••"¦ •• ..-V.- .•"-¦-'. ••;••'•¦.:
• :' .CtoSMpP(>i;iS : -.ArF)ye4 'Aug.; .Slr^Sfchrt •Roy
'SpntfriC'.aii.ivtJik'ler..Virn<5e l •hence: A! ug:-19:: '.:.'¦•:' '.'.
w£ EpKT' BKAGG^AfriVed .•"Aur.-S^-Stmr Na-. :
¦ t.iqna-1-..CUy-,- -hinct. Ajig." 29., ;••• •'...-.¦;..¦."'= .'•'¦-. '.\ ; -
•..- Atrfvc-tl- .,XuK.-;"31-^Stmr; Brop>Cly.n;..,-heifce'
;¦ Aufc-.vsrt.;- ,-¦ •':'-• ¦-.-, ¦;. • .", •.«¦¦'-•"'.<•;•- '•-• ¦"•¦ •"¦-.? >
, ; :•• :cpOtJ: M.JAY-rA'rt'iyed' "Aub-. ¦;.$6 Tr $chr- : ' ;\\ v efc
,-.'fpgtV r ,her}cc..'Aug. •2Sr.-31-=-'Strrir Signal,' .hiehce
. .auk: : :l;v : v>:.- . : ; .¦;i : v.';..-..;--"v--'..-:'-A : :V.v..--"V i >J:- ;:-¦¦¦;
- ;•¦ -Sailtd". T: av'-m":— : .S(mr 'Artata,-. for.-iSari'- Fra-a-.
¦ cIScy).;n^ •'" :•;- ¦¦¦¦j --r-; ¦';¦•.¦.-.• •-••¦..-•• -'¦;j. '• -. :J >•¦ ' -' '.
/ fSEA'T^riiE^A.friyea:.- A\jg:' ;. 3J.-i'S'tmr- : Sailta;
Barb>ita/..honre,.Auk'i -T. .-% •.'. •••:;•."•'¦ ."-.« "..••-."•"-'.¦'
':; '-:JArr'tv»'ji'':_ A-ugr.- ."iio^st-mr ¦¦".ICit'jr- -of : Se'a.tVl§;.
;fram: r >liaBway.;- : .8fnir: Jerries', tfotjaf, "^f'om • Skri'r
Ffiin'c'iscb^VArrive.il:-Aug.\3.i^Stmr.'.'Sanu--P'at* ;
fora/ vfjeim? - : .San..EraoT.b=pp;:;:'8trhr;.--Mumbpld't, v
, if'J.mr: Skkgtt^yVvBtmi-i Texan,', frbni ¦¦-Sa'n -Firari-
¦%'"¦¦¦:• ;--':•' : .•;•.-.{••':' .•¦'.•-;• •;:'";;• '¦¦*.;>¦•;-¦';'•¦".•/'•
•V S»ire<X-. 'Aug. ••'.GO^-Stmr-: CIJfc>6<* ¦ Seattle • - for:'
•ijliaiK»-ay: -./-.'.-.• -¦.' " : ¦.¦'.:¦" ," .•."»•"'" '••'••'*-,"»-'-* '
. '; -,^:a!i;K'Airy:i si^i^i\ir ; city;-6f : 'T-QVekaV'.' 'for
. -bktw\vi£"yi '"¦'¦ •¦'•• ; .-.•_¦•..-• •" •• . ;.; •¦.'•.¦.¦•.•"-••
¦r.:TACL>tiji^AtT\yc$;$ytgS:: Cl4Stmr': James i
; DciKtr:;{T<»nr;San-'F"pancls"cd: •:•.•...: ."."•: •-. V, •::••-,
;. •AS;-f*C>iH'A— Arrived V i-A-Uij.-", . .31-WS^hir • G ¦..<:-. .
• -XifidauVt;- rhe'nee. \Xu£. .>28i-:'Sch,r.-; Qlga, -hehte,
. .'Auk;- :io'. ¦:,-'..":• :- T -r\.V. ;.,-.'¦ ¦ ' ':• " ••¦ '¦••¦¦••' • •' ¦: 7 :"-.\'.
- - "George- M. -.Eiddr'.' ior
; -"co:: ¦¦:¦". : : f. .'.'¦,'.•¦. : C.'il-.-.'/. :-.-l.
: V.:>.POnT/uiuFOR.I%S?.i(ed; "-. Ailg. ' '•3O^ ; fe'tnVr : ".
¦ ;MoB^»ra/--jror;''»8,n.- Kranelsco?: '• a.N.d.-Stmf.~Cocs»
¦V?f.< : -r-«i!?':saii r .'l'e"«iA ) ..- ¦.•..'.:'•¦••.• •".¦.'¦••.•...¦•' :
'. i./EL'ntJIiCAiXATrl^Vil •;'.AusV". ,'3(V^Stmr.' VAiftri
\*Heej"- Vfrorli;' Ap.ioTfa;-: afl-""o -. stillr .C.oVo'ria, -Tie'ttce
;:Air,T:. '-"J:. aprjved. Auk'.: ."U'4-Stjnr. -Seq"n6ra, Tfrorii"
..Tilha4r,0(/'li-...Ba><r. .af ni v'e*" Aj(iE.'. • 3I^StTnf. '. San '
• Pi-dro; ; htn.ctf. .Abk.>1*U;' stn1r : 'Afc'tltf, 'jienco
:, A ub^VvIO.- ;..'¦: .-" < :'y ''::¦•¦'-':;. -:.\:'-: *¦.';••>•..'•
¦•'..- S.a j 1 fei.1 . *¦ >A iijB'.v Sl^-f-Stmrv-laqua. for' : S^h. : -F^ari-i
. itriScra. V ; .'. '¦"'.''.'.:¦'. ,:'••*. '.'¦¦'¦¦*• ••¦;.•..'.... •,'
, ;. .•SANT^.-nAUB^rrA-^ailej',.-A''Ug-.:3I^Strhfs :
Goc[r-Bay ian.d-Santk Cr^z.'for San. PedrD; 1 strfV
•.."S5nt}C;:KtSit;.'fe.r-VaV»"Utego.' -.' ': •:" " .¦¦¦'.¦.' •
¦ •" ; TOW>;SE> T I>^Arrlvf d s : Auff..'i'3jWSwed "bark .
AltJijl.lv liehcn -Aig. I.!.". .. • -". : v - •.'• :.-." : j. ; '". .-•
•- TATOOP II— Passed /n'AuK..3J'-^sVrrir-fcalnier,-:
-hence. Aug. 2.S, for ;Seat£Je; "strtr MacklnaM^'
.hence.- . Aug. 28. "for. Taeoma;/6tW. t^ueen, ¦
hc-"iii:e- Aug. 20 'for SeattHe'-and Puget' Sound
' ports. " . • •• •• •
.GRAYS HARBOR- Arrived A-ug." 20— Schr
. Lizzie Vance, hencft Aus". 19; arrived Aufe. '
-.:!0-r-Kt.mr Coronado, hence Aug. 28; stmr New
burg, hence Aug. 2"; xchr Roy Spmers." hrtice
Aug. 10; arrived Aug. ¦ Stmr Chehalis,
henc«; Aug. 28. . • • '
Saik-(J Aur. 2»— Stmr Santa tyonlca. for
Ssn Francisco; sailed Aug. 30 — Schr S. -T. .Al
exander, for San Francisco; schr- Volant, lor
San Francisco; schr Fanny Dutard, -for Ven
tura; schr George O. Perkins, for Redondo.
HUENEMK — Passrd 31. noon, Btmr Curacao,
from Cjuaymas, for San Francisco. : •
iSAN PEUHO-Arrived Aug. 31— Stmr "Sa
moa, hfnee Aok. 2i»; sch Sadie, from Ump
<iua: tug. Sea Rover, from Tacoma, with dredg
er in tow: stmr Coos Bay, hence Aug. 2»;
stmr MarshP.eld, from San Diego.
Salied Aug \JU--Stmr Ruth for San Fran
cisco; stmr Marehfield for Uedondo.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Aug. 31— Stmr South
Coast; from San Pedro.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived- Aug. 31— Ger
ship Alice, from Hong-kong. ' . •
ALBION — Sailed Aug. 2U— Stmr Greenwood,
for San Pedro.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed'Aug. 31— Stmr Rival,
for San Francisco.
WESTl'OUT — Arrived Aug. 31— Stmr Gua
lala. hppce Aug. 30.
HEDONDO— Arrived Aug. 31— Stmr Marsh
flfld, from San Pedro. •
PORTLAND-f Arrived Aug. 31 — Ship • Ala
meda. from Greenoek.
Palled Aug. 31 — Stmr George W. Elder, »for
San Francisco. •. *.
ISLAND PORTS. .;
' The.Thdmas yiili c.arry;S09 enlisted, men
of.' the- Unlt'ea .'States. .^Nl-arlne -Corps. and
twenty-five enlisted' -6ie'n-pr • the'"Four
teenth Cavalry.':- The- -.rem.ainden "of -.th6
Fourteenth- will leave- Se'pfernb.er. 9 •on" .the.
Logan. . In <he- cabin .'.the • Thomas.;, will
carry a largre number ]ot arrriy &«d .ria-vy
officers, sbme army 'families and a'-ffew
ciyrliah Government employe's,' " •She-'will
leave the-, transport '.whurf. promptly at
noon.' . •" ••' • • , •-."- ¦'•• . ' :"•-.' " '..¦•' '-..- •
•'.-• '. isengdrs arid;ln.her.fr.eaaure:-roor?i.'
¦$7,T)00,0(X)iof ..the..nVw"; Fijipl'no -is§ue r ...;:TEe
coin' will "be..in-i:.hai-g_e-"."of Major .F'-Wv
iiardie.pir.trje Fortiefh-'tJnited Sxates;<3g.v
.airy; '.'. : •¦•'-.'¦•.• " '-''•• '. ;"/•••• •
If H^ >rmy ': tr&ri.sppiTt. : ThTj'rna-9; will
¦- •||."- sa'ir.to-iJay.'foV'^ianila'by-.tvay: of
. 1 1 ' • • Guam.;'..' :SHe ..will -taJie" ' a . MargS
' ;" cargti* a'fulVeomplierne*nt.-oI pas-:
¦•• -.Francisco: .Bay^.-PuDUsfied.-.bx.-.ofacIal : ai»^
•'.•'.thcaty.pf ¦Mie-^upei'intendent.. •• • v,V. .- •¦-., •
: ; »JOTK=--Tiie"- hiKh.\ and ' low-; • Waters ..occur, at.
the- c1tjr : (fbht"(Missiop-:8tre>t: .wbaK^tftout SS;
'ailriutes later than-at, Eor:t-F<>trit:.t neh *. lsh V. o£ 
' tlde.lg-tBe--game-.afWot'h. places;..;-; y-y. "_.¦: .•¦...¦. -
".The engine is. the -prapeifty. of ..J.ohn.
Caitano o"f -Palo'-Afto. .It .was' ip, charge
of Til B.. Downing". A•Co.r.oners'jury.;pre
'side^- over i>y'.- Justice. Cpburn of ;P.esca : :
deiq", ."ceTi'sured the-coiinty-.of !^an..«iiateo
fdr-'no't keeping the' bridge. ; in proper conr
diti'oh aiid.founfi that. •'(he
to : his. -death. : t^a^u[e9ii^I.^fUs:^IHw|y
l6^^t-»l^ftfem(^lU^e>^«x^*s^-!li3^.^
•s^lf and ¦'• says :he ; ; wllpaliow'.hjt* aarniged
PfdVerty ¦.tQ/.^erna^n;.;where' tt^is./unUl.^t
c jj n "b?- i nspec t'ed;. by a;, j ury '-.; ~/~;J. J Vi.vfv-:
MA^FMOON" BAY, -Auff." 31.— Disaster
has attended the passing of a -heavy trac
tion threshing machine/between-thia place
and Pescadero.. .The weighiy* piece, of
"machinery. crashed through a- bridge th^t
spans Tonitoa -Creelt and the "engineer..
Elda-Armos, was ki.Ued. It'was by sheer
fortune 'that ' o.ther- lives were " not (o st
when the pngine'.fell through the struc
tOre. .A number -of men w"ho .had been
riding "oh the machine hacLabanaojied it
but a . few moments before . and ; started
to walk in advance. .•¦•'..• .-• - -
, The engine, • which- weighs, about '.ten"
tons, parsed, over the first portion ot the
bridge in safety.". .It. was follQwed ,by- a.
tender and steamed slowly- aloU-g.' As- the
machines '.neared the further • sMe . there.
'came ; a sound of creaking- ti.ns.bers and
one section -of the .bridge crashed to. the
creek, thir.ty-flve feet, .fielpw,-. >Vhen _a'_
rescuing, party "reached the scehft the en
gine was a. mass "of- twisted iron. arid, the
unfortunate : engineer la'y .de'ad ..near. t"he
wreck with his- skull :'badly fractured, '
- - r .
Special Dlspatfh to The Call-
Bad Accident jo& : Pescaclerd
/.•Road' in : Saii • Mateo-. •;• •
/¦;;¦"-• . • '.Bouridaries./ ; J..- _.•' r :
Trp&p^\pXeay\ng;s^ Noon To-Day for Manila by Way of
••Guam '; r .''Wni^Gkrry;,Big--\Gargb; : and. Many Passengers,
;! -¦ inclijdihg ;:a ¦ Defechrrient ; of * Unite;d States Marines
Heavy Traction Engine
: •; '.Drbps ihr6ugh;,a : •
' ¦¦¦:' ..Structure. "-...-. 'v'-'-i. -.v
FRAIL BRIDGE
COSTS A LIFE
ARMY TRANSPORT THOMAS TO TAKE
FILIPINO COIN WORTH $7,000,000
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1903.
10
'¦•- ¦¦¦ '¦ >•;¦•. •-.•¦"CESSEE-- -¦••• - :." v
S^HplMCISCa m SOHTHr PAGlFlp 7;
' . . ':¦ " ' - ' "ftAliTrTAT CQMPAHT." * ' -,•'..* •¦.= ¦'
: ¦ .¦ 'Tl'^uron^-'FeiTyv -Toot ..of ." -Market, St.". ' .'
•sabt'' raAKcisco to • sait; ••jutaei.'
AVEEJC- DAYS— 7:.3O,'. 8:ttt>.. 9:00,, 11:00 a. m:;
.' .-'ft:35.' 2?30. 3:40, : 3:i0. 3*0, «:3.0;..:and 11:30^
.'•¦p.- m.' [•'.¦ -.'•-• ..¦"..'•'..,-"•¦ "• • .-' . •¦¦-¦
• 1- _-.i .-'.Satufday.s^-Eitra -trip at 'If3p;p.- n»» ¦•.-¦•
BTTNDATCS—^T :3b. 8":00.'-9:30, . lliOO a. .m'v ;1 :30;.
.2:30,:.*:40,.'5:10,- % -r}:'30; 11:30. P- m. . .-: .. " V-
i*5A3*r SAFAEL TO SAW' TSAHCZSCO.
¦WEEK DAYS— *S-:05. • l?:50, • 7-35.-7:60,- ¦ »:2O; •
¦¦XVAS; a..-m.;-12;S0;.-''2:eO;V3:4O J .-'5-.0O,: 6)20,:
' ¦.'6':25'p / m':-.. >.:•¦-. •• :.'-.• --' *;• "¦: .'• •
¦•'. • ' Saturdays-^-Extra -trip .at' -1:43 p.."tn.;. ..-
•Etj'NDAYS- T -lf:50.-7:35. 9:20.11:13 a. m;; 1:43,-.
• 3:40;:il:5d. 5<60; 3^20." 6:10, 6:25 "p. .m."-
' v". • -• '¦-". ' .' '¦ ¦• '.'-'Excep't Sattjrdaya;- : . \ .'. -¦¦¦•'. , :
• ; : 'i-iave.- :[¦' 'In- E"ffect .-. :l .-.,:• ArrlVe . .'.¦
.SanF-ranctscQ.j" Uay, .3. 1903,.; •. ISan.Frapclsco..'.
' Week-. I- Sun- T ¦ .- . ' Destina- i ' : * J ,Sua-: I Week i
;;p;ays.J.days; : V: ;.'¦:¦ "oy ' .' - -J.-daya."! Daya.;
."::..'• ' -7:3O"a '•'¦'. ¦'•'. ¦"'•"': • ¦¦'¦' • 7:43 a 7:45-av.
"7:30 a -8:.0O'a : .' -':• ¦• .- . 8.;40 a -8:40a
.8:00 a 9130 a ' ' : I«naclo 4 ; - 10:20 a lC:2O.a
¦2J30p -2:30 p- " - " v . 7 - 6:00 p 6:20 p.
" B.:1D p S'.IO p •.-. : . . -'• .'••:: " «':20 P -7." 2 3>
-.'.. u'- ¦ ¦"-•;•.' ' • •••'¦•¦.;¦•.• '....:-:••• Ijtss p -. . ;; .--...
>7:Sba 7-.:*!0a . ".-..'. --.". .' :• J-7:45 a}"7.:45 a-
ISrOOa "8:OO:a - '"•¦' 1/pVato. ' " 10:20 a 10:20 a
.2 -30 p ir;."50-a ¦ . - /Petaluma.-. ¦-: '¦¦:. 6<S0 p 6.:?0<^
• &;io'p. -2:SQp. Vv:.-. ; an'd;J- •¦¦ - r -Tf» 9 Ja| p
¦¦''•v.- '¦ ¦ 5:"tp p .:. 1 :l~- /¦ ./ : ; ¦ -.' / -'
40:20* lft:2tf-a-
• ; 8;6«aJ -8;6cf-.a . - ... ":. Fultpn; ! h .- .T;-23 p ..ft:2(5 p.
; ajaopl/^Sp.p ; :y> : : .- '¦¦:< :¦'.¦¦ a' ¦ . T'^-P .
"''¦,¦•','¦ ; > ¦ v 'j-..'.. : "NVlndsor^-- ••. !•¦-.-¦--; *¦:•• .'-V.
7:30 a ; 7 •30-aj; Heal'dsburg; ...- . 1O'-.SO'A 10;2a>
• -s .V. ,' .'¦• - : ".' '.." . -.- • .:L,xtt6h;: • "- ¦•¦ •: -~ :-' . V -. • : :¦ -
';2>30 p. 2i30 pi -.' .Oeyiervllle; ' -. ..7.":25.p ¦7<2J"p-
¦¦¦- , : :¦.'¦- y -~ '.-. 'L ¦•- r..".'C.lqygnlaJg': ' '""« •-¦ : ; : '"".¦'.' "¦>;¦'¦ "-""
• -7'30 ; aL '7:30-af • -' Hoplsnd '-.<¦ V. irO:2O.a11Q:-2D"a : .
¦'.ii3bvr-'2:3ib.i>\f'. ¦ and'-lZKIah.' ; |. ; 7:25..plT-25 p. ,
:-'.3; ; :.3().a ; |>.-7"';#at.'.''" ¦.'.•W.llilia;."., ; : /. -V. ?:2?f ix7i25.p
af sVeoiJ- Camp Vacatipn: : 116:20 iJl,6":2t) m
5 2 :30 p|-.2^0. p) .-¦¦rQuernevilie;. ; (7 :25" p(. ft:.2O^.
'. " SrOO af-S ioQ af. - -" '-Sonoma, . ; " I • S :*6 S|" 9 :40:a
,'5dO'"phf».:t6pj- •.'¦¦ ; Gle3.;Elteh,V--:;l..6\C0/Pl".6:^0-p :
-..".7 :3e:aV .7.Y.--0 *a| " •-- 2:'-£\r> : il' \ • ¦ U'0 :20 a)10-:20.;al'
g-:o0.'p|-;2":3*0" p[> .- Sebastcpol. ' .-.•[¦ -7;25 p[-.6:20.p.
. ¦" STAGES' '"'cbnne^t f'att ".GFeen. "Erae:' for.. San'
¦Qut'Wic: : -af .Parita- I^cffii- for -V.'hlte-- Sulphur-.
|-"spriBEs:'at''FuH6n for-Altruria and Mark -Weat.
¦J fiprlnjb": ffif-l-'i'tton /or-Lyttdri.SprinfesVat-Gey-.
•serxille'-'.-foi " bkagga Spring-Si: at ".Clovjerdale.'.for.
tfie'-Geyierei>. Boonevljif " and! -Or,enwopd-; " at".
Hoptand tor Duncalrfprrngs.'.Hrghl^nd Springs, ¦
¦ ICelieyvlHe. Qarlsbad Sprrngi,'. S*da .Bay.. Lake;-
•port and--B^rtletf:Spcihgs; at Uklah' for- Vichy
¦Ibilrings. '--Saratov Bloe. l^akea. LaUrel
Ijill take. .Witter. Springs. .i;pper^Lake..Pomo."
•Potter "Valley, "John Daj.'S pivcrsirle. Lierly-'s;
Buc>?heJJ'8",.Sanhedrin -.Heights,. Hullyille,- OrKa
¦¦Hoi' t"prin"efs;"-Halfway- House, -Cpmritche, Camp
8tev>trs. Hopkins*. Menfloclno; Clty.-Fort.Bra"5<.
AVestpoia.- Vsal-,. at- Willtta.Tpr' Forv Brags";
WeStporf,. . Eherwood v -- Cahto,..Covello," Laytoft-."
'.vlllL .CummfrB?; Bell' a Springs,- Harris. .Qi-
ten"js.- -Dyer," -_Garberiv;il.e; .Pepfierwood, -Scotia",
and'-EuFfka.'." ' ".-' '¦'.'• " ;-" '" " •• ."¦":,- .'¦'
i.'i. EajtUnSay --to Monday * round -trfb ticket* ;at .
•Ye'duced nates. ''. ¦•'.' •"'- ' " . ."•' ;"• ; ¦'.''.
•' "On SupJiay— Rannd-:trlp .tickets 'to. "all points
"Tseyona San Rafael" at Half rates. D . "... : ' •
•"•"-Ticket "office.* 6.V) Market -Street.- • Chronlc'oj"
bulletin;. • :" • '•••'. *."•_* Ji'* '. ¦
• -*H. *C: WHITING.. ." • B. X. RTAN. vry"
"• . Gen. Manager. .. Gen. Pass. Art.
' W0^M^^M TO SAN RAFAEL/
JS^^IIS SAN QUENTIN,
g£^&$®$Sh3 Mill VALLEY
l^^^^M CAZADERO, ETC..
wrk-~ DAYS— (Holidays exceptsd) — 6:43,
?.7-4^ 8^43 »:*». » m - 12: -'°- * 1:45 ' 3:la -
* 7:45 a. m- train week days doea not run to
AND " LEGAL HOLIDAYS— 7.
?b +i» YMO. 11. tll:3O a. m.. fJ2:30 t*l:SO.
tV VsO .8. 6. T:30.-9. 11:45 p. m. - . • .
"•rrains marked (•) run to San Qa-entin. Thoaa
-rifed (t) to Fairfax, except 5:13 p m. S at-
urdaj? On Saturday! the 3:15 p. m. train
rU FBO < SI^AN a RAFAEL TO SAN PnANCISCO
wvek days— &:*"3. t8:25." 7:40. 8:15. U*£
U^Ta- n." 12:S0 " 2:2 °- :3:45 * 4:5 °* **V^
1U KtyNDAYS-6:15. 7:35. t8:10. 9:40. tlO-44.
?11*46 a n... 12:50. 2:30. »:25. 4:40. » §?.
*55 7-M 1° :2 ° r - OT " .
°*Trairi t»f rked ,«J»>" t "i fr P™ f" Q«ntln.
FROM MILL •ALLEY TO SAX FRAN.
r ,cm Week «"-y»— 5:45. «:40. 7:45. 8-^5
S lT:l<ra. tn.. 12:40. 2:45. 4:15. 5:10. TJot
X °st?N DAYS— 6:35. 7:35. 10. 11:10 a m " 1205
L-05 2T40. 3:45. -r:53. «:05. 7:.0. 10 4?"p. V"
L,TO. '¦¦¦' . THRO UGH TRAINS. * -
.. 7:45 a. n>.. week days— Cazadero and war
8t 6 t# 15 n p. m-Z-week daya (Saturdaya exceptedl^
Tomales and way stationa. Kiraj—
3:15 p. m.. Saturdays— Cazadsro and way
stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 8 a. m data. '
dero and way stations. • "* "-***-
Scn^aya and Legal Holidays— 10 a. m.. Point
Reyes and way stations. *«•"*
TICKET OFFICE— C20 Market ¦»
FKRRY— Foot of Market st.
EVER"" WOMAN
« Int«re«ed and should know
, about the wonderful
¦II^WA MARVEI WHIRLING
iWV^\\™\\ ¦"WniCL SPKAY
ffl S* \AS i\m 1 he new Vtjlatl Sjriaje.
liAYvVS". vVu' "SJ i *H injection and Sue/ion.
\»<K«A» Sv^l Best— Safest— Most Con-
'¦i^?^xGn >^«&^ venienu ItCleaniei
7\^^^^^^?^ iajtiatly
AjkyoBT«nin«forh. \ jMsr^^^^^
If h- csnnot supply .he \/«*V '"'^ :^*5
MARVEL, .cc^pt no • \, "**&**£—*
other, but send stamp for mas. A^"-?''A>*
tratcrt hock— nzn\fi\. Itrivufjll VV / >''t-0
particulars and dirrrtir^i* inmluabla «,"• / ,'m
»»—- . ana. Tim« »w,.. v« w
* * * * JjB^Sem ****»! * ¦ ¦¦ ¦ ***
••^osittyciy cured by these* ' ; L
¦y.> : y^- : ;ir^tti>.pms." ; •-•;:.¦ '0^%\l
¦- They also relieve . "DiitrKS from . Dyspepsia," -.
.IaSi|jestic"n : &nd Too Hcirty Eating:.' A" per- '. '
feet renedy-.fcr- I^zb'ps^/XaUseai-D'scmryi -..-
ness, ' JJad Taste-in.tir!^Iouth,'Coatcd.Tpngu3 .
Paia irt Otf^&y TQK?[D.£Dfe2L • *7£ey '.;
Regtulatc the "Bowels.* .. Piaitly .Vogetible. *•_ • ' j ¦
Small REtU:..-: SrnaH DosOa !
. .• : \ •/.•SmM-Pflbev/ ,': -i. ¦'/;''''•¦
.-;¦-;_ V '".-"_'•'^ : -.\_^for"'TH"5:-H-4; -" : : ';N ; /':;; "''¦ :
¦¦'¦ iJ^^^^^^Aisi^^^iss^i ¦
..;'/• '.}"-¦'¦:
: M :in suMPt paHy; W {
•A' F •'ER'r.f -niti- ORBJtiiCyi" o^ riit. 5iJ5Tr:
"ii'ai: -ofVl/eVeipiyV." A.r i). l»"-\" aii.d J«r .the-
J-ear -.xnaV^a-JV- as rt^'W .-tbr'the'lnr- '¦
.eursnere' ".Co*rrfn>*sVi<Jrrer:.-K?f .".tV.-: •Sfa.tc-oT ..Ca.lt-;j.
.forpjo. "rnlrsuant' la: the- -r ; r .i.visKini" .of-.-Sectttins-j.
•filJ0/*nd"*"t:i»--"AfJ;'S^7VolM-il;3l.'.:r^« e i-'.*5^ dfe A?^-.V
.•as-i»t-blaV.k,-'furhrshff4^>the;ve"pin;^ '
'' • JCAXTTAL,
•A^"V*ifc'"^.^»itilr.f tvjcK;' :pa-ii:iip:; ; " I'.i'^''-:,; .
. . .";a <Ja6h •.'-...>:-">:••*¦-••.•¦ : J- ¦••¦^¦'¦.•>--r-.-->:;.' «-*, J V'"-v 1 " J :
'\-- : .:. ¦'¦:;{ •: -•¦ > -;~-. ; .'_"";.'.jt;S'seTf";: ':',.[ -':¦¦ >-.i : '- >'-VA : :¦¦:•>>
feaiv-i^wte?-^^^^^^^-^^!^^^
iCaibv'i^k^.y^cK^'iU L^-A
•-.••¦ar-<» s -.iJ;''r."isV-. ivn.;d -l.'y •••VjifH^y.,:, 1^*1*50 ,5
"A-hi'our.v- "' "of vJ-^?^*'-;^-"^^ :¦:'.¦¦ '¦¦.•";¦ - y '<: " ; - : .•'=' '
'. -ii!e<i*;e-'-'fS£.' JVuY.}:..' -. S!'>.k«; :«:;<! ,.¦.¦.•.••..:, , ¦:,.: .
• • cVllatera-i-Vv-.-"-.'-":'- 1 --^'^-' •¦••'- -'• "-' P72."<»S..J)3..
Kash. in/Iian^ ;,-...-. ..¦.,,>¦:..:...,.-;-¦• . .O.lO.-MJ-l" 10 •
Jtrtcr^t'-due-. and -ay-cni&l..on. . -all-, ¦•/ ¦„•¦.•._¦;-• •••¦•
- . Spooks- "-ari"J -'lutim • >:/:• ¦¦ i '.'.'.( -'.;. -: ' ¦ ..". .->.-i-l<? .oo
-.I5bnq.r and 51 octgaEes -j-j •-.....¦-.. , -10.0*» C8
.'IT^nMums.-ih.-iiUe' Course , of,. Qal- •; -^ '^¦\' e .
¦ •¦lection ..•..¦•¦.-.".•,"•.'.¦¦; i."-.--....'4— ! '- «•••..-¦ r^-.4->'».i»
BUls' leceivable.-' 'hot; .Matured.-: .•..-.¦••••••¦
• taken" for, -Fire .and.. ' -.Marine" -.;• ¦¦' t ,\- ¦
• -Risks: • Ae-ents- "Halances'..^ '...•>¦ -WkZW-w. ;
I>ue -fto'm.othpr Cpnihaniff "f-or.rer .-; • •- ¦ i -
¦ -insurance oh*.lo»se.s-;alread>''pald." •. 1.4S.92X.J7 I
Securities' of Pension- fund' ;. .\.y .-¦¦¦. J-li.l«9 -00 |
-¦' " . ' *'""liabimties.'-..'...-J-._;.^;--." ¦•
jJbssts-adjUFted-"a.r.d'uriijaid ; .. ':.!!' ¦ ¦" -. .
Losses .in rrpce*s..ot "Adjust-mem. : t ¦_¦ - -
or in Suspense -.^.- =....•..-.-•---.-- -.- .*315,O13 .W
¦Losses r.esisted... incliidlns- ex* -•.••. : . . " .- "
.rfenfes '. — ¦••¦¦ ¦ -.-•¦' • • -• •.--.:"• ¦'• ¦ i f ¦•¦•." " .' •¦
Circ/s rremiums.-.'ori..Fire Risks') -._••"• *.'. r . •¦
running one' 5'ear'- or less ; $. . ; .
• reinsuring 5« i>er cent. ..-..-.. ; .' 830,059 61 ,
Gross premiums «.a' "Fire ..Risk* :. • -. •- •¦ -.\
- rtdmiac* more than one .jear. " •. .- .- *:".""
$...•; reinVuranc^ iiro'rata' i J" ;¦-. .-' •
Grcse premiums on -MarShe ¦an***'"- -. * - ". . .
Iniar.d Navigatipn Risks. $. -i . •¦ " ' v •
reinsurance 10Op?.r cent- '; / .- "l.-f.V ••>•»
Grrss premiums -oh- Mariire Time .... •••-..
;. Risks; $. .; feir.5urar.ee -50 .-. .
fash, rlividerds. remaining unpaid. •- . • . 80,00
r-ensi-in fund ¦ V.v. ; ' : 1 - 4 - 5 J* »i i
Relief fOr.d- .-.:.%.;.v. < .>.»^.v.--J. - - '" .. • o5 . 5j j.
••\.-"Tot^-Uabliltles>^.....v..-.gn/j00.*J3;07 '
¦'¦.••.'•"-¦ '"..'. ..INCOME. "¦-. Vv; •'¦ !. /.V 'j-
•Set ca^b-.srtuall^ Vcelyed/ Xor.-";. -^ ".- :
. ••Fire'l.rernjums- •-•.;,.-.•.,•..•-.•.•• >1.3SS,15S Bi f
K*f •' cafh: "Vctuafly- -received " for :. ;; •¦.•'••¦ : _ ; |
'Mafiite. -ri^miumii . : . :- ;-.- *:¦¦-.'•: .. -." • _ l?,330.;3C 1.
liieccfved -for I3*ters*t "on 'Bond*.-;. ,.-.."¦•• V'' \
•- and -Mcrt^ages :V.-.". : .:.¦.•..:-. ...-.- o3Si.615 «Q
" Received for . interest aild . di vt- ' ¦ .- / ; -,» ¦. • • . •• j
' -«3#-nds:'6n Bebdat =.Sr6cks.- .Lroahs-/. ::.- ¦¦¦¦ ¦•
• an<3 "Ifota- •all: 6j her sources ••.",..-¦ .-. '% 03.006. 26'-
."Received. frr Hents .'. ... .':... "*,\ ¦.•.-.-'.• " ;:.-8,SS_S.24/
BAelyM for •¦prpfit.-?n:. sale", pf .. .'.-.."•.. '¦-
mCn.'i'*'. ' " ~l,j* " *'¦.'*" "* ' "• "C?-* 55 * 1: *-
Rpreived -for ' 'cremVum's ¦ 1'n ¦ ethef • "•¦•.•";-.• .;- ,.
.:. *<lepa.rtmf : nts .-..".,/•.;;. -. .;.-> ".>.•.".. IUC81.M8 S3-
.' ':;-Ttftal iriociae '.'.' .-. '-.' 1.; ,'... :.:. . i:< ¦ /j ?¦ C'.&rsi. . 0T "
..'.'-. ;.'.'¦/•/•" ¦/V^pEJfDITL'RESi.T"; ' .¦¦¦.' /vT : '
•icet'-anrbunt-'r>aid''fcr..Firt .Lo'sses. •• .•.:.-,'•¦';¦
¦ "WJncludine' t\.':i,. '-losses -o'i".;fre- /. •• -. •;•-•• •
••¦ a-Ique- ypars)/'.. :-..;¦-•.-• .•-.¦.!. •;.."• -STO0.O29 30;
•'jCfa' -amdiant '-paid", -for-. Marine " '¦¦¦'.;¦'¦ ¦¦'.¦.¦'
* t iWci t-**lfftf J l'Tti1T**ir $ ".I. 1 ..' 'losses •-¦-. /••'•¦ ". •"
.•'•T.'f; previous "year?)- ;. .v.:..'.-...;.'. " . .- 1.6.1fi2:.0T)
¦7jK Wend.! 'to t-;tockhd!apfs" . .•: — :. - .-1S"J;000- 00"
IJaid"" or allowed- for •Comin.isEiorr ' '.'-.¦¦'•'" 1
¦ ¦. - oi>* Brokerage .". . iv C . . U. . ." . .-.". .- : J "r.23VO31 H-
:f*a.id"l6r" SalaTies Ke>^ and" other' -" • -.-•.-.. ¦
' .chaipes*'for-pTfi'cen=.'-cL'?rr;s; etc. ¦: " 123,'VlO -35 ¦ .
liaid"- "fo'r" : Kra(e,. • National"-. and '¦.:.'¦'¦.¦.'• —
."." Local. ta"x«!. : :.-.-.'l .'...... - : .•...:.':".- " •¦ 24,19T;H.
All -other. pajm'e'h.tB- and ciperiflN" .--. ..- .'.¦•.. ."
• .turps :. ; .v.-.'. .-. : :; - ..--..-. . :.-.". -• " - -31S.595. 10"
Taid frrr" .16sses-' .in r>t,Her * depart- . ".--.:. -
. " : r.;«itE/.. :-. /. . .:•: ..-'.-.. ::. :?:a .07;
.. '*: Total Eii?entfinfrea .I-, ...*-.•. .¦?5.pr.i;fc3 ',)l\
Lfi-ses" ' incurred •- " '<i'ur : - ¦ i-'ijre. / " "Marine..-
... ing *Uie year •¦-;„.•¦¦-.¦ ..fSl.T.ISSj 02-; $ll.S30 30"
RiVkr. and'Prcmiumsri Firev R'iks." [ J'remiu'tns.* .
.*\>f. amount' of "Risk's ;"," ¦*-..; : •'-.¦"• •". -. | •'•'•"<. — . "•
written "dtiring-- 'the ." . • .- ."' • ¦ . "J. *."• •¦ * ¦ * '•
• year :-. ..-.". .-.;. • : .". '.n.02%^.^''i2.V02.Z3Z- 6J
•J»e£ 'a'nioHrit* orjtiskjl .-" ¦'"'.¦' * .". ;' .." •' . •
• exfrir'e'd' ."during .th"t*[ ""-;•• • .-••/'• •- •-•;.. I
"•yea* .v.'.".,-" .- . : .¦'.]¦';. COO 2,*557.596 66
Net 'amo-ict -)ji"- /ojve .'. • .- "j". '"• .:" .""
. Docernlj*>x 31, lSgg.J.' T19.001,30;| £578,127621
¦-'. '¦* • * " .- " I Mar..Rfsks. •( Ffemium's..
N*>t amount of Risks '¦'•'¦•.!
written during tht? • . . . " •
year • $12.7ES.3S4[ $33,076 83
Nrt amount of Risks " . I • < -j,\
' expired during the! ¦ ! " •
year 1 33,OS»,2&4| 45.01G 25
Net amount. In forre! • ',-'..¦
Iwcfmbcr 31. .1»'»2.| 13.2o2.44rt 12.3W 36
. '' ERNST LANGK. Sec"y. "
CARL SCHUMAXX. Sec'y.
Subscribed and Eworn to before me. this ICth
«Jay of ATjril. 1903. P. TEICHMANN.
U. S. Vice Consul at Weimar.
pacific cwsTdepartmeht.
voss, conrad & co.,
General Agents, .
204-208 Sansome Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
IHUSEUK OF fiHflTOMY^
h (2» lZZ1 iasr£T :r - kc: - 5A*7a, Z.T.UL A
\ tif^ ""^" Larrest AoUomial Museum in the \
<Q B i **'orid. *>v eiknr->ir« or anjr connactrd A
V wS5^ <SiteaMiH.slU»»ly t .Br«^nytheoJdeK T
• lt?i'£\ on the Coast, tit. 34 yctrs. O
A fl^g A CR. JOROAS-CISEASTES OF MEN A
\ l$y)S C-»o*u!:anon free »nd strictly rririte. \
A I jK^t fl T' r "W' 1 p«fjnaliy or by Icltrr. A Q
T S Tf •?! l| Pocitnm Curt in every case unc! r rtaken. Y
a& If ll & Write for Book. PBII.O^orBV er A
• * -I !l~ MlnnlAGK, MAILED FKEE. (AT
A O Lt valuable book (or arc) \
r Ult J<>n»A>"*t'O..1051 MnrtPtHt..S. F. 7
8 -^>»c»^v^^^^tfc^^^*^*^'^^»»v»^ t
CUTLERif
EVER^HMMRRANTED
1 % 11 tv n.*'iiJi[i)i(iifi:7:'iJik ; l
SOUTH E R N PACIFIC
• *. ; (Mala Una. Tool of Martet Street) ? . *
"i.»1t«, — Fsom Acoc»T 23. J903. — " A«Brra
- 7.00a Benlcia, 8ai»un,-Klmlra and Sacra- •. •
s.* ." . ; menta ...».,.., • Z-25* "
7.00a V»caTnie,.T"lnt«r». Rnm»er ,. .7.25*;
.. 7J0a Msrtlnex., San " pmaon. VaUej^ " •
.. ... • Napa.C«ll»tor». S'anta Rosa ...6-2S*
" .740a" Ulle*. Llvermore, L*athro?. Stock- .',
•ton : .........i ,?.2S»
• 800a D4T!V.Wood:»*ad. Knt?"3t« Ljndlng. .
/ ; • " -- 'MarriMlle. OroTllle. •
:•" — "st.-Mary»T«le for Oriaiey.B!K»s --*',
'¦- _••" and Oalroi".... : .*.....• 7.55F •
•¦ |.0Oa "Atlantic Kxpres»— Ogden «nd Batt." 10.25a
* ' I-OOa Fort Co«ta. Martinez. Antloelt Bf-, • -
'.•*. ••• ••¦¦•,•; ro'n.Tracy.Stocktop,Sacr»meato,". *. »_• ,
..•¦:'•¦• : . 'Los .Dano».- MendiUa. Hanford... - o."
."• ' " •-" "Vlsalla. Porte.rrllle N .. !._•.. .".-... m4JZS9
• .il4»A".i'-ort£pita.M»rtlnex.TracT,'Lata-...". ,.'"
'•" '""¦ : ••• pop. Modesto. Merced. Tresno, -.. «.
"¦'"- " r '-."->Oo«h"en* Xaictfoni Hanford, VI-:- -'-V :.-•¦
"/ •": ..•••taila.-Rakersfle.ld-. ..•....:? . 52S».
'->.3bA'6h»«u. Eipre«#— UmTla>.Wiillams-. .-..".- -,,
'¦ " • . ¦."'"¦•(for" Bartlet.t Springs). W.lllojrs. • .; •
i V,-:- •.¦.•,' fFru'to, Ked. Bluff." PorUand. ....yl 7.65ft »
¦ 8.30a -Klle«*. aan'JTo*^. LlTermor'e, Sto**-.;, >•.""» =
'.- -. s- - .'^jlop.Ipne.*Sacr«inenJo,PUcerTtlle, • • ii .;,- Jl
: >.. '- ••••-- MirjiTlIIe. Chico. Bed,iflu!l" "• .-4-Z5f.
-• 8-50» Oakd»ie.irhlnj9»e. Jamestown. So- .• • .-
•¦" -" •: : nor«.Tnolumne1»n<l«Anfrels .."•..•* 4.Z!p
'"9-00 A-" Mariinez and >Vay S^tatloni •*••••"¦ • 51 F -
' io-.oo'a yaiiejo.... *.....•..;.. :•.¦....%.•-•..> -12.2Sr .'
• 10.00a Bl Paso Pasgeniter, Kaatbound.— • •..-. .
>v ".Port Qosta.**-M*irtlneif.Byroa v ¦"
• '- .".¦•"- : .. T.racT., Lathrop. . Stockton. •_ ..
¦..-/. % ".-.-.. jiereed. Raymond. Fretno. ITan- . ••»¦"
- '•"• - : - ford. VUalla,* naltcr»5eld. !»*, ¦ . ;\
::- ." ¦•, ' -. "Angeles". and -JEI.Paso. (Westr " ¦ _•
- ¦¦ :.. - hoandarrlTes-TlaCoaet Jjrae).. v «l.SO» •
-i0iH)**Ta> Orerland frmlted — Ogden. . •
. -.- • • DenTer;OntalJa."Cljlc«(r»...: 3i5 p '
¦12.C0j« n«yw»rd. -Mleaand Way Station*. .3.25*
" -tLOOr Sacramento UlTer Steamer*. tii.OOr
. S^Or.-Benlcla. T7tntcr». Sscramentp.
'•'. . TVoodland. VrlUlam*. Coln*a.Wu-. . -.- •
" "• ." - ¦ low*; KnlKbts -Lan V.ng. Mary*- " • •¦
¦ "¦ . • " ."• -Tflle. Ororilli and way station*.. 10.5S».\
'.330r Haywafd.-Klles and W»y Station*., /oor •
• 4.C0* Martlnet,S»nIi«mon.ValleJo,N»p», "-
'.'• • CalUtoga, Santa Ko«a -. ... Vg'SA
: 4-OOf Martlnex.Tracy,Lathrop.Stocltton. iO : 25a
•4 00p Nile*. LlTermore. Stockton. LQdl.. 4.25F
4'.30r "Day ward. Nlles.^lrTtngton. Ban I J8.55A
¦'. -.¦¦•¦ Joae.-Llvermore : C*11.B5a-
'^d.'OOi*. The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tnlare, • . . •
-:¦- '¦•••-.." Caker*"leld. Lo» AnKele* :. v 8.55a.
. B.COr Port Costa, Tracy. Stockton. Los „_„
. . " '.Bano*.* ;...... .*12.75f»
. "1B30P Hayward. N'lle* ana San Jo*e ..... 7 25a ;
' 8-OOp. Hayward. Nlles and San Jo afi t. 10-2J»a ¦
f7^".}^»^."-"*:""'""-v-*-'-"---"vV"* 7 " 65 '-
-' 6.00"*- Oriental Mall — Sacrsmento, Ofcden.
•"•••.¦.. - •DenVer, Omatta. St. "Lonls. Cnl-
'¦¦."• •'. • . eago and Ea»t- x Carrie* nr»t-cla»* • *,
pa*»«ngen Only out of Saa Fran- . »
. ¦:"¦". .-.'cl»c6. Tourist car and coaca V"
• ¦:•¦ '.¦¦ : ¦"" patsengers for" points" beyond •
" ..•"¦ .'. ' !¦ Sacramento take 7.00 r. *. train . .. ." .
"• ' ¦ , . ' -;. to: Keno.- e'ontlnnlna: thence la "
. ;.." I--..-- ¦ their cars « r.n. train eastward.. 4-25V *
'¦ 7407 Port Costa, Benlcta, Sulian, Datls. > • "
'. • • Sacramento. Trnckee. Reno... ,"
'¦••'..¦'¦ -Stops at all stations -ea»t of
¦•..•••¦. Sacramento "..'. . A 755a .
' •••7-C0> San Pablo. Port Cbata, Martlne* • . *
-. • .,.-. and ~w«y Station*. 11:25a.
- -B-CBir Oregon * California Kxpr««» — Sae* . . .
'•-: v -.." rumen to.- -MaryiTille, , Redding; . '" " •
-•: .- -., »; ¦ . Portland. 'Puge( Sound and Eaat. 3 53* .
: {9 J0» Bayiurd. Nlles and Saa Jose (Sua* •
' .- " • .."dayon»y) .*...... .-.;., *...•..". t11'.S5A : .
¦TJJBr "Port- jCoeta,. Traey, .Lathrr/p.; Mo-* % ..
:•'".' . .-" '• ¦ de»to. Merced; Itaymbnd (to To- ' • " ¦
- : .-;'" • • »erriltei, "-Freano," liaaford, "VI- ••*•
'-¦:¦.-¦ :*al!a.-IUier«neld .: *. % 1225»>"
;';. COAST LINE- (Mar'rpw.fiaag^)...:..-.^
..-..;••.. ". (Root of Mattel Street.) . . .
. |745a- Saata ".Crux "Excursion iSunday. •- '. -'-.
•¦¦' •". •:'.. only ).,..-..•. : t8.10r.v-
, 8.1 5'a Cent erTi'.le. San Jo»«. .,-• ,
¦'¦.¦• V : .'. Felton. Bonlaer Creek, . Santa. .."".-
• '-,»¦•/ "-.•..-- Cjut and Way Station*'. ." 6 25' *
•-.t2.18"t Newark; Centerrlllev Saar- Jose. . i.
¦ •' . -..-.• ; . '.' ' Kew_Almaden. Lo* Oato*.Felton. ¦ • .: : .
: •¦"; /.'. ' 1 -BbiUder Creelr, Santa Croia and •'• ...¦'
.*.•.-•¦•"- Principal Way Station*-... ". 1055a •
- 4;1E> Ifswark-. San Jose. Lo* Oat6» and .- . 'v
•..-..'•¦¦. •..: ; '..'-way.»tatlon» (on Saturday and .• ".". •.-.
;• ;-. ¦ ¦• . " Sunday runs through to Santa ."'. .
•:¦.'¦".¦•'¦¦ Cruz: Monday only from Santa 1 ",.'••
. .•¦.;•¦¦'•.. Cruj). Connects at Felton to ' ¦'.".
.'"-'¦'"•'. and from Boulder Creek •. tS.SSa
OAKLAND HARBOR. FERRY.
From SAN *'KAJ« CISCO, foot of Market St. (SllpJj
".-..T-t7:15 »:00 11:00 Ajr 1.00 3.00 6.15 P.x. ..
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t«:OU J3: OS."
• - -iS-Oo tO-.VOA.M. 1200 200 4.00 J.M.
. COAST LINE- (Broad tlauK.). ...
: ¦ ¦-.,. gy ( 1 hlrd and Townsend Street*.) ""
; • -6.10-a -San Jose and Wary Stations ;;. 8 3O
. 17 00* San Jose and Way Station* g.3Sr.
J7..15a Monterey and Santa Cru Excur-
.•.-¦• •' ". ston (Sunday only) -t8.38r
../8-OOa N.ew Almadea (Tue*.. Frld.) /4.10» •
'. - BOO* .Const Line Limited— Stops only San
" v v ". .'•:. .'Joee. Gilroy (connection for Hoi-. .* ".'
; : " V" ' .-/lliter). Pajaro. CastroTllle. 8a- • *.':
'•'•, .-••¦' .Itn'a*. San Ardo. Paso Roblea, • ." "••"
•:• '¦ >-... Santa Margarita, San Lola Obtipo, . '.
'" ". ;.' Guadalupe. Surf (connection for -..-"» ,
'¦'..,'.- -. Lorapoc). Santa Barbara. Saujrn*." . /
'='¦. "'• . '"•¦."" -and Lo* Angeles. Connectlon>at>* *
«'.*» ¦' '" "CastroTllle to and from Monterey •
.".•• % -' and Pacific GroTe ..-...*. 10.44*
'SCO* Saa Jose. Tres Plnos. Capitols,
;. .• - - SantaCmz.PaclflcGroTe.SaJInas,'
-. "." . San Lui* Oblspo and Principal
.'•-. " • Intermediate 8tatlos« 4.10*
• 10.30* fan Jose and Way Stations '.. 1.20r ¦
11-00* Cemetery Pa»»ecfter— South Saa
Francisco, San Bruno 1.05"
11 3C* Santa Clara, San Jose, Los Gatoa
and Way Station* 7.3Cr
a130r- San Jose and Way Station* ... .... x 7 00r
2.00r San Jose-and Way Stations (9.40a
2.30r Cemetery Psisenger— Sonta Saa
Francisco. San Brnno 4-35'
, t3.C0** Del Monte Express— Santa Clara.
• Saa Jose, Del Monte, Monterey.
Pacific Grore (connect* at Santa
Clara for Santa Ctbz, Boulder
Creek and Karrow Gaaire Points) f 1 2.1 Sv ••
SZOr Pacific Grore and Way Stations—
Barlintrame.San Mateo, Red woo«l.
MenloPark. Palo Alto. Mayfteld.
Mountain View. Lawrence, Santa
Clara, San Joie, (GUroy. Hollls-
ler, Tre* Pinos). Pajaro. Watson-
••ille. Cap! tola. Santa Cruz, Caa-
troTine. Salinas 1043a,
4.30* San Jo*e and W*y Stations 83S a
tBOOr San Jove. (Th Santa Clara) Loa
Gatos. Wright and Principal Way
Station* rSOOa
!530r SanJoseandPrinctnalWayStation* t3-C0*
t6.16r SanMateo.Bcresford.Pelniont.8aa
Carloa. Redwood. Fair Oaka,
MenloPark. Palo Alto t9.45»
6.30r SanJone and Way Station*... ...... 6 34a
700r Sunset Limited. Eastbound.— San
Lola Oblspo. Santa Barbara, Los
Angele*. Demtns. El Paso. Sew
Orleans, New York. (Westbound
anlTeaTlaSunJoaqnfnValley)... trg.JS*
B.COr Pain Alto and Way Stations 10.15a
11-307 South San Francisco. M 'librae. 1
' "- Bnrllngatne. San Mateo. BeJ-
mont, San Carlo*. Redwood. 1848a
Fair Oak». Menlo Park. Palo ¦ ' IS^sT
• " " Alto, Mayfleld. Mountain View. «»•«!»*
Sonnyrale. Lawrence. Sanw
„ Clara and San Jow J
. A for Morning. P for Afternooa.
X Saturday and Sunday only. i Sunday only.
I Stops at all station* on Sunday,
t Sunday excepted. a Saturday only.
i Via Coast Line. « Via San JoaqulaVaney.
m Arrive Tta Nile*. / Tuesday and Friday.
nrOnlT train* stoppta*" at \ alencta St. *oothbona4
awtrMU.M"t7:0OAJi.,n:0OA.M-.-t:aOyjt.an<l«:SOi-^,
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Srualit* Ivtj Arrrva
Saa Fran. fcrt at Harktt ft, San Fraa.
Week Sao- San- j VVe««"
l:45r 9:OOa VfigSSSfifar 13:5Of 3:3O?
tilir 1O-.OO* 3:30 ' 3:3Or
niZn 3:35 p 8:0Of '.... '_
jLtrUjt mrfj. l*aT« Tmwra T 9;3Op.irrtr«17. il:3Oy
tlClIT I «S Masjukt StZ (North Soore Ratlroadi
¦fTICB I and Sausaixto Fauiav Foot liarkat Sc
The Weekly Calt
61 dcp Ycap*
i ADVERTISEMENTS.
BAILWAY TKAVEL.
I? WW I'laSfe^SFir r : .'- '-' 'vcstib.ules,. .PintsGh^gis;";
ir 'V \/ ' ( r - '*¦ •'¦ stcam heat,; toilet • rooms-,-. ¦
I l^\ r^Ssf* • * .'-and almost 'allthc.other.cQn-"' 3
i*^ % % - ••vcnienccs'o'f standard sleeper^".-'. jr The
| * bedding .is °cleart,, secorrdrdass tickets "are* accepted,, arid*
I r . the J&crt^.rate; California t6 : *Chicago; js only*$6.*oo. ¦
H . * • * ' Cars lea^e-San Erincisca"- "C * »i* the "El" Pas?"
'S- ;" .* .Shnrt Line." *.\:-'dnesdays, Saturdays and Sundays jria _ jj'/||r flHrlTnf
Ej " •; the "Scenic" Line.'-/. •". . -.-." "j* * :- * .' Btl'l*i°Mr*'H» W •
H .' ".. . • Tickets and foll-in{prmation;at Soaftern Pacinc ticket BjW;jJUaMuiM{
H" .-.- ¦-¦ .offices, or by aUjiressinj. - -. ". . -. .. ... '- . (S>S\\ f\ I rrj 1 1&\ '
"fa-- •"'• ." * . '¦" *• F.-.W. THOMrso>.\ G. W. A., *"•"•_, k§k£SESSS9 *
M .". ' . : :: ".••• "-623 Market ot., Saa. Eranc!sco, > Cal. . gg*^ *^gf|g
D] ''¦ '¦ ¦"•- *¦* . * ¦ •• - . D
1. (CALIFORNIA •: .¦-.• *. • ; - j
I ¦'!: UfVllTEp fOCHtCAGQ^ I
B '¦• lrtV«" Mcridayi-anr! '.Thuridiyi' tt 9-!» »'.m. '•.. H ¦
•H ". ¦;.T.Sr5ughln3d*ys-wltl\DIn«riandalltim'pping». ; . H;
.P .' .' . : ';;' /•-.... :.•¦ "Oor jdther-.tr»tns'to ; .«t."v' ;'¦""./..: •• g.
I • ¦;.T: : 3BU»"V.:io!T/sr^ictddi"|prteiB<v^f :;'!-. r. ';H':
I - >^^4«l^*^ei*^^^- M
\ [¦ : r ¦ :
JB ; for.Kansas- City, and Chfcaffo. ¦ &
H . Offlce t 641 Matkit -Sti.'anitinf^rry.' II
"B- • m-JDTTAWA. Ont.. Aug. 31. — Sir Richard
Cartwright has given notice In Parliament of
a. resolution to maJc* provision for a subsidy
not exceeding ¦$1*0,333 a year for a steamship
service between Canada and Franc*
Cash . quotations' were as follows: Flour,
firmer ; *N*o. 2 red spring .' wheat, 70"t4@S2>4c;
No. 2 corn, 50%o: No, 2 yellow. S3c; No. 3
white oats, 35^ ©38c; No.*2 rye 53055c; good
feeding barley. 48e; fair' to choice malting,
'BOHc; No. 1 Northwestern .flaxseed, $1; prime
timothy seed, $3 30; mess pork, per bbl, $12 20
©12 25; lard, per, 100 lbs, $8 45®8 47%: short
ribi sides (loose). \l 121S@7 37>i; try salted
¦¦'...• ¦ • ¦ . ,¦:.'
fiderable growth in the volume of busfness In
•tockr to-day and a. Khow of strength, which
wm quite imposing,* but neither the activity
nor the utrcnjrth lasted the day out. The ag
rreSJite.transactions rose to that of the mil
lion -share mark, but the largest -part of this
was done in the two hours before noon.
Dunn* the active peribd of the market ad-
"\'NercV Ypik Stock Market. ".:
NEW YORK."' At*. SI.— There was a con.
. ' . • -- ¦ . . -, . • i
: Small lots of new Beans are coming in right
along. now. and they keep the market weak'
and- unsettled, though ! there is no further de
cline. " . •' ' ' *•'¦
New Blackeye are quoted at $2 50 and new*
Large White at $2 CO per ctl.
B1SANS— Bayos, $3; Pea. |3 25; Butters,
« 25; small White, $2 7503 05; large White.
$2 50@2 65: Pink, $2 75©2 00; Red, $2 00®3;
Lima.. $3 25(33 40: Red Kidneys, nominal;
Blackeye. $2 5092 65 per ctl; Horse Beans
$1 40@l 50. • ' .
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, . >1'7O®1 SO; Canary,
*>85*nC for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape,
l*i<32Uc: Timothy, t®Q\bc; Hemp, 3*4®3J4c.
1 * t ¦ • ¦
"• B.eansdnd .Seeds.
{¦¦^EASTERN MARKETS. • J
Hops rule firm at the advance noted Sat
urday, and the situation Is very strong. Grow
ers are lees disposed to meet buyers, and°most
of them decline to -sell 'at quotations.
HIDES AND SKINS— Cujls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy Salted
8teers, 10c: medium. 8c; light, 8c; .Cow,
Hides. 8c for heavy and 8c for llicht:
Stags, fie; Salted Kip. 9c: Salted Veal, 9ftc;
Salted Calf. 10c; dry HJdes. 16c; dry Kip. 13c;
dry Calf, 18c: Sheepskins, t-hearllnjcs. 23&8Oa
each; short wool, 40<@50c each: medium. - 709
00c;' Ion* wool, $101 50 each: Horse Hides,
calt, $2 75 for larre and *$2 25@2 60 for nu
dism, '2 for small and 50c for Colts; Horso
Hides, dry, $1 76 for large and $1 50 for me
dium,' $101 25 for small and 5Oo for Colts.
Buck Skint— Dry Mexican. 32*4c dry raited
Mexican. 2-dc: dry Central • American. . 32 He.
Goat Skins — Prime Angoras, '75c; large and
smooth. 60c; medium. 35c; small, 20c. , '
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%e4%o p*r lb;
No. 2, 4@4%e; grease. 2%«3c. . : >
WOOI^Fall clip— San Joaqulr Lambs', 90
Hides, t TallQw, Wool and Hops.
WASHINGTON, -Aqg. 31.— As a result
of an Investigation* of the •question. 'Act
ing Secretary Darling of the Navy De
•partrnent has concluded that there la no
occasion for any action by the Navy De
partment at this time on the proposition
that all employes of the Navy Depart
ment and navy yards be required to take
the oath of allegiance to the United
States. He found on Inquiry that only
citizens of the United States and only
such non-citizens as have been honor
ably discharged from the army, navy or
marine corps are eligible for employment
in the na-val eataJMtshment.
These requirements, he considered, give
sufficient -guarantee of loyajty to the
United , States of the men In^the employ
of the civil naval establishment.
Assistant Secretary Darling Says Be
. • quirements for Admission Quar
antee" Loyalty to Country.
CIVILIAN EMPLOYES OF >
'NAVY NEED TAKE NO OATH
Bran, Middlings and Shorts were weak at a
decline. -. Offerings have been more liberal of
late. Receipts of Hay, were also heavy, but as
dealers . practically own all the surplus Hay
tributary to San Francisco they do not per
mit the- market to decline. - . .
* BRAN— $23 50«?24 .10 per ton.
. MIDDLINGS— $27629 per ton. :#.•.¦•;:•:
•SHORTS— $23 60S 24 50 per ton. . -¦•
FEKD8TUFKS — Moiled Barley. $24@25 per
<on; Oilcake Meal at the mill. *>2S®26-50; Job
bing, $27027 60;" CocoanUt Cake, ?21022
"Corn Meal, $33 6CK0J34 60; Cracked Corn. $34©
36; Mixed. Fe.ed. $23®2I; -Horse Beans, • $2S®30
per ton..
," HAY— Wheat, $11-©14 r.O. with vales of extra
cholee-at $15; Wheat and Oat. ?11@13 50: Oat.
$10©13; Wild Oat. $9 50^*1 -ftO: Barley. $0011-
Clover-. $S 50® 11; Stock. $S@9; Alfalfa, $S0
10 60 per ton. '
• STRAW — *O0C5c per bale. • • •
Hay and t Feedstuff s.
Giant Powder Company Con. has declared
dividend 57 of 50 cent* a share.
• ' Fruit -and Cfap' Bulletin.' \ --
¦"• \'"v^-^i ; : r : :>Kv-E ; jS:' : : 'y::i:yyy^6y:^
¦¦ fjr-ATiox*.-:- -^ Z^MJg '£-.%¦ +
¦':'..' ?'~ ?¦ H. .'¦ \ ':
. Ooverdale ":>';. 100.. l 5i' •><> .:-eicar- •'. V;. .:.:..
Coliisa- '.'..'.i..-..; }»4. -CV'vOO- Clear '.¦•:..•:;" , : . :
iiur^ka •.-;:.¦•.¦.'. - : «2- • '4S :.;wO-' Clear.. • N--.Lt.-
Frffno' . : : . . . 1 : ICO. ': f2 : '•:<*>. '.<:iear :•"' .'N- : L,t:
• HolMttrr •.»'...•, '«•«,¦ "Cl*ar :-•'¦.- ;:^Vi :. : -'
Indfpcndencp ¦".; '62: "6<»;.'.=0O- VJCTear'.;'-" J5E- '.. -lo
King City >.''.. 101- 41 ;-.;uO Clear. ¦:• N :•• "¦:, ;.
. Lrvermore . .'.-.lOO . -4« . . uo . Clear '. .' v; :-. • ;-. .'¦;
¦ Lo* 'Aisrc'es*'. ..£2 -50 .Q(* '-Oear: ' .•W. ; ':.i:
Napa *...-......: 09. 4a* .00 .Clear';: S'. .',•.•.
•Newman : -;. .';.'. lt>4 -54 " '.«tO-'*Cle'ar K :i '..'¦:. Vi' :
Palermo . -. 101 " •">» " -<K) '. Cloar'. .'-B . ¦ . '. ¦; ¦¦; .
Pcrterv-ille " . . : V 09 -'67- -.00- Clear,': '. 1_; •:.'.¦.¦-
R»^l Bluff- .-...100 «4 :0<» Clear -' - 8- ¦-•= '¦¦-Lt-
Tilver»lde ./••*.. Ul ' 49 -00- C4ear . : '. .-.,.'.....
8acr».mento ...-K5-'.«iO.. :.0tt- C'l*ar . -NE I-..
fian Dfego- A.. -72 Cl .1)0 . Clear. •- ( Niy.--"-^ : .tJ
Pan Francisco 76 ' 54 . .00 . Clear .. -W. -".8
H. 'LuU Oblspo. S2. 4B .Oflf -Clear .x: . Lt. .
fi*nta Maria ... K5 00 .00 Clear . -W. Lt;-
Bajjta Kom -.-. C5' 44 .00 Clear :-_:;.•..¦;.
'Stockton .91.55 .00 - Clear . --........
Willows .. v ..94 Si) ;.00' Clear. . 'BE.-/ ;,'.;.
WEATHER AND CROP "CONDITIONS. :
. W-illow* — Croj^ 1 conditions unchanged.- ..¦;•'
' '.-liiVersid.'! — Average' "weather; . -eeason .fairly
good tor citrus Interests. - \ ... • '¦ • ; ¦•
. KoIIister— Hay will. not- be baled Jor. another
month". ' • . • * ' - -.'• ' •-.' ¦• ''-'¦
-Colusa— Fruit -conditions unchanged;- .good
.<3rj'lr.g' weather. -. . . . ..'•:..
: •'P'}'run^!le : — «5range« ripening . weH, -outlook
¦¦ISwA'Tot a large jcrop. • .. " ¦ '¦'.• • .' .-.'/..." ."• 1
"Livenfaore— -Almon'ds nearly. ripe. Very va
. risbjpj -¦••¦..•¦.¦':; .'. - ¦-• •..-.••:. .-..•¦¦.
. .-strirfctonK— Fufure .prospect*"- potatoes '.heavy;'-
Jl»«rnK .heavy-; late fruit light.;
:';<- - lovt-Mal«-^-Grapeii, an .'average' citop-;- -'-T;-lne : .
' mikf.ng: begun. "„•» '. ' .-' . ..-." ..- .. •"• '.¦'..•'• . r "
•'Jianu. Maria— Surnmarlz'ng sfaaon* a" banner
¦>»ar -•'tor.' 'sugar.. bee'tR/. pats. "arid barl.ey» .-but.
' wh'^at 'fend.. beans* lighter.- . -. * • " ' ;.'¦' . .' :
¦•'Napfe^-G-raln -crop '.ligh't, hay -medium, -fruit
good:. ¦ ...-¦' .....•-.- •'" • •
: --Pttfermo — «3Ilve'-'crop better 'than was an-:
tlcjpat*d earlier "in* the s*si»on."*" '" ' •..•
SlJectal Wheat- and Fruit • Bulletin • ceases'
' « ith'-thjs issue. . • • *. . • '.
-.' : . . • A. G. McADIE, EectlQti DirectoK
Cliicago was considerably , lower, ' "with a
dragging market. ' There was no change here.
CL.HED MKATS— Bacon. 12 %r per lb for
heavy 13c for light medium, 15c for light.
I6%c for extra light. 17%c for sugar-cured and
16Uc for extra sugar-cured; Eastern sugar
curtd Hams. 15%c; California Hams, 15%c;
Mess Beef, $11 out* 12 per bbl; extra Mess, $12
«*12 80- Family. ?1S 50: prime Men Pork, $19;.
•xtra clear, *25; Mess. 820: Dry Salted Pork.
ia%c; Pig Pork. ?2S; Pigs* Feet. J5 23;
Smoked Beef. 15c D er lb. . ¦ |
LARD — Tierces Quoted at t%c per lb for
compound and 10@10*4c for pure; half barrels,
pure. 10%@10%c: 10-lb tins. f 10%® lie; 5-lb
Uns, ll*ic;.3-lb tins, ll%c. •
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. -9%c; three
half banels, 0%c; one tierce, '0%c; two tierces,
U&c; five tierces. 9%o per lb. .. .
Provisions.
' 'Articles,. Open. -High. Low.. Close".
Wtteat/.' No. 2— . ' • ••
JSentember. new. 80V&.- S0%. .70% •• 80*4
'December, new. . Sl'/4 §1% .. 81 V4 - 8l'"4
May ...:.*. . 83%- ' &l%" £3% • 83%
: Corn. 'No. 2-*- -. * ' -* •* '
•September. ..s-' 50TJ . 51 . • 5064 • bo%
December ..'-.. "61 51% 30% COj,
May ;?;; : .60% 5154. 50*4 51
¦ Ofltr.'JIo: 2— '• • . • ' .. •
September •' 34%. •- 35V4 -34% 34%
Decentber '.,:.. "3fl -.- 36%. 3f» 3g%
•May .-..': 37% -SS"/* S7% 38?
: 'Mess- pork, per bbl— • " ,'.•••.•
•September 12 40 12 47% 12 20 12 22-%
October .......12 05 .12 07% 12 42% 12 42%
May 1233 13 10 1R 03 13 05 "
Lard per 100 lbs— • • .•
September 8 50 8 80 8 45 8 47%'
October. -..7 07% 7 80. 7-67% 7 «17Vj
January" ../...: 7 02% 7 07% 7.00 " 7 02%
Short ribs, per 100 lbs — •
September -T 70 7 72% 7 *12% 7 42%
October ....... " 62% 7 67% 7 60 7 60 •
January 6 65- 6 72% 0 65 6*67%'
• FLOUR— California Family. Extras. $*, C0a
4 Mj, usual terms; Hakt-.rs* Extra*. $4 Sir'u J uo-
Uretjcn and . Washington, t-i I»O4j4 20 per 'bbi
lor family and $a JHifcl -»0 for Bakefs.
¦ M1LLSTCFKS — Prices " In packasea are as
follows: Graham Flour, t-i 50 per fOO lbs- Rva
Flour, $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour *«7-
Corn -Meal. $3 r.O; extra cream do, $4 25: Oat
Groats, W 50; Hominy. $4 25@)4 50; buckwheat
Ktour, $4 5004 75; Cracked Wheat $3 75- Fa
rina. $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, fi 75; Rolled
Outs. bbls. S7ijS F,0; In sacks, . $0 50© s 10-
Pearl Barley. $6: Split Peas, boxes. |7> Qreen
Peas, (5 50 per 100 lbs.'
Flo.ur and Millstuifs.
• CHICAGO, Aiic. 31:— Foreign news,- increaeed
receipts, ' -increag'ed visible supply and favor
able weather were- the 'bearl.«li factors In wheat.
Selling became cerieral during the early part
of "the session.' carrying^ the* price of Septem
ber- down • at; the oponirifc 'from KO^SO'^c to
w:*)ic, with -"December off- half a cfnt. . The
deniand .irnoroVed. later,- * the • buying being
mo'ftly by' commlsBion' hou>es and a rally to
60*4 a for September and 8 Hie" for. Decenlber
followrJ. The" ad.vahce.dtd not .hold, however,
proflt-takinK causing a; bre'cik 'ih .the nearer
manth-to 70Uc. the close being at a .'loss of
%©%c at 80<46.80»4e. with December back
ta 81%@SlHc. a. net loss of half .a cent.
"Light offerings in- corn pave a comparatively
stroAg market early. September clohed \i<SYtC
low^r. December was a shade lower at to%c,
having epld up during" the session, to 51 Vi
®51»ic : -. - • *• ' *
•'.'Oats, 'ruled steady, with free buying" by
local traders' and from commission houses,
counteracting the ' effect of scattered Felling.
September '-closed a't 34Hc. after ranging fce
twecn that.ngjire nnd .30%c, with December
a shade lower at 30i*e.
Scattered ' liquidation and lower Drices at
the yards caused a weaker tone Jn provlslonf.
"Xrade was 'of a good volume, but without
feature. Brokers and packers were credited
with doing* the nelllne. which re«ulted. In a
decline of *27"4c.iri September pork, of 2"^c
In lard and -la^e In. ribs.
The leading futures .ranted as follows:*
Chicago' Grain Market.
'•$t0i"i0 North'n Ry of Cal 5* „ .119*00
j $1000 S P'of A.rtzona (1910) ..100 00 '
; California Stock and Oil Exchange
', '"¦¦ Oil stocks— • ° Bid. Asked.
Caribou Pil-Co 75 «O
Four *OU 70
Hanford Oil * *..*.. 130 00 135 00.
. Home Oil ....*.". .°....,10O 1 03H
• Imperial CM'../ 19 00
Independence* Oil .» IT 18
L Junction Oil *•!••., 2O . 21
;. .Kern -Oil t,.~.\ S.^.... 5 00 -. 8 SO
Lion OH- ,.. 04 ....
Mbnte Crlsto Oil ...w , 67 TO
" Monarch OH I »2 .53 .
. Oil City Petroleum 2S 30
; Peerless O* .*. 13 60 14 00.
; Reed £rude Qll» t ". 42
San -Joaquln "Oil. .*.. 5 50 ....
! Sterling Oil "-...2 2 70' -2 SO .
: Thirty-Three, Oil '#...' 8 CO .
J Twehty^EIght Oil "... '4 CO ....
; .Union T0I1" '.../...». 68 CO
United- Petroleum , > 100 00 *
, .West Shore Oil '..-.. .".•.... ..... 3 00 3 25 .
* Miscellaneous — •' -*
, Abby Land-& Imp .'.'...-....- .1 20 • 1 45 "
'Alameda. Sugar .-...'......... .... *. 290O.
• American' Biscuit .'...-....... 8S.00- 03 00
! American- District Tel '.....' ....' • .... •
Bay Counties' Power ..-..; ....
• Cal Central .Gas & Electric. -.... * ....
.' Cal Cotton Mills v... ..>.... 85 00 • ....
: Cal Jockey Club ...;.*-..» 105 OO
: Cal- Powder .-.'...'.... '.."....; - .... ....
Cal Shipping" Co .'..•..."„ .-..: ¦ 25 00
Ca! -Title In* & Trust' ......130.00 "•• 14.0 00 "
Central ."Bank, of Oakland.'.. 60 00 •..,, •.
Chutes ' Company . • . '. . .'.'.-.•. . . • VL. .*. " 8 60 . •
•pity; and "Qounty Bank-. ':'.;.-• ...i : ". % ...:- . •
' .Cyptess" Lawn- Imp. Cq *.*.'.-.'» ."ii.y > '.'.-9 50 •
Eastern'- Dynamite •.'.-. .-..-.'.. ¦¦•1,. ..-.- —'..?." ,
'•'Ewa Surar Plantatldh. >•'.".>; -'i:. J..^. -v .'-.-.. i-.'" I
'Gas Consumers' "Assh- .-.^i;vJ.'^.. .,'¦•¦' ..22 : 50 •
• Honolulu- "S.'usrar... : . .:.-...'>:;,:... ''*..;.. • 19.CO', ,
London .and SF Bank' (Ltd)/. •...-.:• • .'.- ••«««*-:
Merpahtlle' iTrust-'. :.-:.V.-.. :.'.-:• ' r ii«^ '• ¦'.':'. i ?.,'
.' : Northern ' Cal- Power '. . . . .-.- : .-I . ;'.\V; • • r .-.--.'9'.5O- ,
'. .Nevada: ' Xatipna'l V Hank . .-.-. . * ¦ .-.. .' . ¦ .':: . : . . .-;. •'
: I .North Shore - Railroad .-.'•. .... Iff. CO;' -. .- '¦'. .'.-. ¦'. ': '
' r.Orpheum." Company. '1 .i-.'::.-. « '- +. ii' ¦'¦"¦¦' i$ 50 ¦'
.' V Pacific Stales Tel «:Tel'...Vi.'7;v-:. '•- 122 50'.';
.Pai«f fine • Paint ¦ .;-. . .-. . .'. ; ;.'. "» OO .' - - ;. :''. i- : -
;! postal \D.eyic.e&: inj» i'.'.-.:.; -.,'.:. '.; r .:...". '•: ;
;r-Sa-rt-Frjinclscb.lJrydock ..".'.'. 47 0O-.'-_- ".,-:i >.
¦Sausallto -La-nd- a'nd.-Ffrry. .-. 19 ¦CO' . •"•-.•.'_'.•.•".'¦
Pperry .Flour -Company' > . .'. .' 2T 50- ; , 30. 00 '.
'Standard ..Electrli: -^. ,...'..¦¦"...;.'•. -.- ; -'lS 0«> ' *'
vTrtj'ckee Electric... ,'.."......•... 13 .50 .'•.'-, 18 tiO '
Union: Sqirar V.-..!\ ;.•...»'.-.. V 22'50'.'. •.-.,-.."
United. Gas ."A- Electric .;'.J.' 34 50 .-..' ; V.'.. *-..
Wisterri' Klsb'JCa ;-.'.. .:. \:..'i ¦':...¦:¦¦¦¦.'• ..'.^.'",
¦"¦'' :'¦•':'¦ ;*¦ \".' ; -'.'.': SAhEBJ -¦¦:.-:; ..•..• \. .\\,
.'¦:-¦¦¦;•.'•.. ¦••-;.--.-Morninc.'Ses8lon;' r • -, • .-.';" .'".."
¦'•-¦.¦••¦'"/Board- 1 - ;' "' .-' .•"•¦•.'"-•-"¦• -'.- ' '- -
2000 Hbn ,¦ ; i : - -'. . .-.-'li ».'..:.. .'.'.. ; i . .- • .' «H' . •
'-:8*1-Mbjjt*'' Crfsto .....,....:.'.:..... " «* : ¦¦
' 120 Reed-' Ch»de .:».'.;......:.•;¦.••.».;..'. 4t '
- if*)- Mpm«r:-:.-;. ...'-•.'... -.:.^-.. ........ "foS .'
: SbO.'Hbrae. ••.' -.-. ','.,' ..:.'.:.^.V.;..- l'OO. .
' M0i>. Hohje, s 30- .,./.. v. .-...'.., ii..'.,. 1 00. ¦' '
20OSterling ;..-...'.;-....; .'.;.;. :. ...-..- .2 80 ".'
'". "". •Street—.'. '.:.¦.•- ..¦ •*. .".- .-. ' .-.'-.• -. •'
lOrt'Hdnie s 30:. v...... ...."....'..... .1 IO
-••100 Home y.:. >::..-,^'.'..-.. ....¦...,. a;- .1 10 '
-"109 HQme.' ;S 30- .;:.' .-..'...>- 1>C7'4.
'. . .- v ' ' • '¦. ¦ Afternoon .Session..' .. ; • ." ;. -..
¦•:."¦;";¦¦¦•¦• 'Eoard— . ; ' -. ¦¦~. •'.- *. ;' •'• : •
: ttVOO-Independence ...... \. *: : :•.'.» .JT ••
!(>"» Independence, :b- .90 ........ \./.i m •' -I* .
•Viirift^^ Independence; . b' 80.:.. ..'... .,....^ 18. -'
lOoOLfori '¦'.¦»-i :."..; >»*... -.'.'.. .:.,'....:.. . : 'O4 .
-;'V« Home. ;..-. ~..... •..-..-.;,:. ...ii.^ 1 02^i
lOO-lIpme, s- 50. ,....;.,... .'..'1-Oa, ¦
¦¦:: v "^.;-. Street— :¦¦ '-.-.:*...••¦'::. .; : " -. .-. •' .
: 200" Home, •'90 ...«;..,... ...-.......; 1.0O . •
. -200 Home.; si 30/ -. . . .'. • .-. ............. 1 00
: 2l)0. : Caribou ¦ fU ¦. -.'. ..... . i* .' . ...i . . .' . : • 80, .
v 10O0. Sovereign '.'...I. ¦•'.¦?- ¦'.'.. .ai.i. .; .38. ".
: ]yi". ;Minfrig^Stpcks;y: ¦'¦': ''>¦;:. ':¦¦':
: ''\-;;iBA-N'.;FRA.N(nSCO'ST0CX-\EXCHANOEj ' ...
~: Follawicg: were-. the- sales'on. the 8an.*Frah-'
cfsco ;stock. ..and- Exchange Board' yesterday:
'•¦ : •: '¦'• '.¦ ' ': .'.• /Moralng.. Session. .".'* .. .-*'.•- '•'
-400 Andes' .:'-..-..¦ .'. U ' 200 Gould 4 Cur. ,'2fl
: 10O Caledonia • .' '. . -" 83 ¦ SOD Overman . ' . . 25."
2fl0Cale<iohla'. : .:. X .100 Savage . .."..' -'24
:• 700- Chbl-far -.•.••.•..'. 134 ICO Sierra Nevada »:5 .
. 2C!0, CohCal «.Va'.-l R« . JOO Vnlon..Con -.-.' • «T .
..-¦^p0;Crpwri. Point. i'-H ." "" . -.. ..'-.¦:•.-.. •'
¦.¦':¦" '.V : i-v-- '¦¦¦'¦¦' ' '.AfVernopiBf. Session. . - .-• -•.' -' ¦. '-' .
3«)Q "Andes' .-; :'..'.- "151 200 Ophlr ;'...*... 1 .70'.
-3P0:C«n"Cal-<tVa.r45r 200 -Overman . ..-. '2<4 •
' iOd\Crowh:'Pplht : "14]'2OO fe* -Belcher.-:- '10 .
;^t)ig^^»/2fac>^~^^l<»n*anulf4n(A»j M.
'V- 'V:-^:V-^Aci[MC.'^T^K\TO5:HANGE.;- : ' ¦/ V. ":
- - : iThV .fpl'lbwing ?wer«" the- sales 6n'.'t»«'- Pacific .
¦S£ock- anil Exchange Board: yesterday :• ¦.'¦"•..:' •¦ -
"i.%}".-'-.'-.-.- : .'.V. ¦'.'' !Mbr.nfiig'"SessloniV..' ." •¦•:¦'• .. : -.-' : ''.':
."• 3(Xy-BulHo'n "i . '.+ "62- -200- Mexican' .'.-.1 07*4" -
V20aC'(2 &:\\-.:i 47% ; 300 Ophlr. -.- 'i-..'l"«3V»'
¦ B0ft-Q<t*^V. .-.1 :6Q- 1 iOO.Ophir- . ',.;.;!• 65 -.- .
:20rt"C;C y& ~V.-:.X 53. .500 Overman .:; 23-.' .'
: 5<>> Exchequer ¦;• 04 '•' 3U0";Potbs'l .- ;-j.-: "1A '..•
: Sitd -Gould ¦&, "Cur .'.29. r50O Slp-rra -NeV.'- 66- '
'; 200. Gould' &'Cur'-V2s - 20O*Unlon Con.-. ¦' *H .¦-.
.'-^CO/Meilcan .'i':.\ 00 v ' "SOO-'Yeflow'-Jatk.. 53 .
,.-.'.V,.-V,:<;f •'-•.•.Afternoon Session.. "•.•'. V.'. ',... .-.
• J>iV>.- 1 Andes.V-..--.'. : :14'-- ".200' OpKlr; ;..A «'- '
' JCOlC G'&..'?V-..'.l'-47.'-. ;3O« Ovenhari.:...; 2« ",
,-'3<3ft'C'cQwn v Polnt' T14.'~* '400 Sierra ~Ner-. -' r.S ¦'.
200 HalV ft-'Nor .>5:».- .400 Silver Hill. -. -.' Vi'. ...
\ :-20p- : .Mejlcan ;¦;.?.;. 1 05'. • ."•..' • '.-..V-.^ ; '. . -• .. '.
• .;\3j;toV?opah.; minino iexchanoeC -.*" :;
V .T-hVv f6flpwlng"were'"-thV- sales on'-.th^.- Sax*-'
•Tranciico-and-.Tonopah' Mining 'Exchinge yea- .
¦texday*'. '.'.-?•' .'1\ ''•" , •" *. '. .'- - ; .-';'v ';. : r -z7: ' ".
'¦¦ '—¦?£ -'?.\*_ ...; Morning Sessloir % - .- \ ;j. .'.¦• V'.-.
iCfib-Esperanii';.' .«*; .-j'.25O Ton Bel /.'.". 1.73"; t
.; SOO'-MacNamara -. 13 -'- i;0O -Tono-' N Star'.. '53 ..'
-¦,100; -Mah'- TbiuM 02«r 200-Toff-N ."Sur" 52:".: '
"100 Rescue...'- 1 ..'- -10. l-SpO.'Tono'J* Staf...-.3O.' •:•
v 820 "Reset'*, i.'-'--: r . -•¦¦"¦:"'.:•••¦¦.' ; .'• •¦ ' r
-*.;••¦:;'.*•_ . "V AfUrh'oon.;SesJ.fon*. •_"-:• . ".".'." ¦'-,
: ' inO.:Biaek.>Cariv:3';OO , J1300,Tono NiStar CO • ,
' itxJo tesperarful -,,- .04- -. .500--Tonq-N -Star";" K* a.
¦ '20}» einsy.^ueen- 27:- -.300 .Tonp-N Star.'-4»' -.'-•
:'l(iOJ!>'Habna'paH:":' -;25-'; SCO -Tono-N" Star -4.« - :
.'-3.5.a'JIon;:'.Tonj^. ; .:1.0.5- • '.70p' United -Tonp '• IS ¦ ' '¦
••^iojiy-'Rescue' \. -..'-lO---'- .'.600 Uplted Tono '.4ft ¦'•¦ '*
•1 J0tVTo>6' N; SCa'r -ZAW '¦ 100 '.United. -Tohp." 35'. ••'
*:.M0'^TaDO^K Star '&)• '.- HOO U^ed-.Tono; '.30- ' -'
; - "'¦ /.:. •'...; • * "; ¦ clqsjnq' ppoTA'Tioxs, "' •'. -'...' • '¦-¦.•'.
/•'¦: i-', :¦ ':.:'. ' • MONI>A"!fV- Au*V'31— ». p." "bv
•.••<.¦•..-".•. -Bld.Ask: ".-W- ¦"•Bld:Ask, '.
• Alpha -::'..v.'i.'-- 05 .oZ'Jnlta'--..:../..- 01. W
'AUa .:.-.¦.,:•. 04- T0« Justice ". 10 12.
•Andes:...:., 1.4 - * 15 : Ken tuck ..... 02 0:: '
Btl<rh?r: ..'.:-.-. '25: 27!Mexlcan ......1 OR 1 H>
Best- % BelchVl 50. ' — 'Occidental ... 3« :«T
Bullion -.-...•.'. '.02 OCT'Ophir ....... .1 M 1 7O .
Caledonia '.. t X9 • .ft2! Overman .... 2* 27"
Challenge -Con 24- 2fl ¦ Potosl .....\. . 13 15
•Chollar-.l .12 14|8avage .....: 22-24
ronfldence .-.. — Mi Scorpion 01 W '
Ton Cal & Va.l 45 '1 50iS*g Belcher.. 09 10
Con Imperial. 03 O4i Sierra. Nevada .65 • 6rt
Con- New York 12 14 Silver Hill.. ».- 68 «fi>
Crown Point.. *1» 14 St Louis. ....*. — t«
EurakaCon.. '40." — Syndicate ,. t . OH .
Exchequer .... 04 ' C5 Union Con... 63 M
Gould A Cur.. 27 2» Utah 20 21 |
Hale & Norc. Jtt 75 1 Yellow Jacket 53 25
Lady • Wash. ". 04 061 m?- '" * '
. :• • .TOXOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. I - ' .Bld.Ask. •
foiehan ..*....• 18 — Ton Belmont. — 1 7.\ '
Espcranza ... ftt O4|Ton ft Cal 21 23
Olpsy Queen.. "2« 2aTon Fraction. — «»?
Hannapah ... 24 25!Ttin & G W.. — 12
>facNamara . — IS Ton of Nev... — 8 CO
Mitpah — ' 25|Toij N Star... 47 48
Mont Ton.. 1*02*4 1 OSjron Midway.. 37 40
Paymaster .. x — 17 tTnited Ton... 30 • —
Pine Grove... — 54 Utopia — 5«J
Rescue ....:. 09 1<;
.^.-£y'APp'HAT.E;p..-AP.PLj:R^The. :mariei ' cphv
.ifjhuc?..ti.iilf 1 with- the. .tooe"; :>.i(flier.-'eaqy.".'-iiiaujfh- !
t)rlces ; ;sh'o*: l!tt-l> ; : &\\f .nuian.- :'.eormndn.;:'ar«i-.
¦qijot^a-. {'..t^.-tf/ ¦'¦'/>, :;rirn<?,' 5^B5*4r;v'cholt:'e:'VtK»:
ja^^fancy; -.;«••!; fr)j.%c; •."/:.•».¦».¦.'•¦:•.¦-••¦{•¦:¦••¦. •;.•.••<¦.:
¦•-.¦;p.nuS.E-&^ii)eX'L#^s*^i!:r»*^wv^if& : 'BwV
t.ive':-i:t«iu.ir!f-m<int-: .-.-. Quotations /rarngecfrpm ''a'i
©7cjff'raJ.l.'.:*rades.-: ..V; ! " '^V *</•. •' -v .' -V ' -.
¦ '-.-AKRiriCvT.Ss^Atfratt .>i' '.fair-.. Jobbing.'- .'move-:
ine.nt'and the market' is ; flr-mr'New: tfrop. jchofce;'
are'--aUbt<?d; .at-v'.0- 1 4JS. r >.%c : ; '.extra', cfcbice.'.'- ¦ O-jiiS"
¦J0%i:;:fancyCJ'I»4'e-l-lSf..c:-".-. V '¦' .. '•" , : : ',;.
:.PEAC.H??S^-A^ : jjuoted.- . ftrni. • ;Choice.'. are
q'uoted-.at '707.^?^ v;xtra'. choice,. 7%@8c.; .'
DRIED-FKf iTf.
.-.. .--¦ifii->i-s^s i tvj,',i>-..-:' :,¦•'¦.•¦•'¦¦¦¦¦••...,¦'¦.: :"; : .-:.-' .¦•¦¦:¦¦.¦•-¦¦:'¦..;¦•::
yyrtteis^xfcZA-."::':;^:;.-- y-y.:.:-:'-.'-' :-;: •:¦'
.:\'V,C^F:F'.IvR 1 .7..>;.;7t;...:-quff L t-:-; ; : T1^ -nirirkr.v-frir;,ro'ifT:
;.f.ee-:.fat.u>'es..:riM-n.Mi Ft, -a rt-y.'.-at; .-:¦«. -.Vfl^rjihV.^fvs. •
¦>.>)'.nts-';i-n-, sy 1 ninSnij 1 --' ; u:i'Ii'Ui)v;i"r' v Ivij»-i'»V''-.-ii>^'hiat---:
.UPis:a:t>d; v .a;'fuI);;m«u;.'ip : eot:>;;:Vt ; ry-:i.itifeitf;c<Jfrc'e
:w"ai^pfihK;' ; hWwfy.T-::hh'i-.;.ruU-a!:';\vas:^t( ; aily:;
¦«t,:tl5o.; : "ar;..t\:U- : -f>^l!.h';' ..moHt vot-.th'e; ietiton.'i ai-'
'¦<h<»UJ?b'-t 1 hf'rf-' 1 M:FiS--H Mittj^. ':crty»rriJi.Ti"K.>;-i'i'U;ni'tr •¦th'n.-'
tha^raqfed^a-rauniijrpaptioaan^be^abi::
:.s«nee.V'«f.;:- itll ers. ~;.Th<;;::cl : \^e..v.W3«::->t.^4y.'.->rre-t;.
:irhcfianp«!l' to ; '5 ¦;polntst»liwer.V..-Sa,I»s.' .S<lOO'.:b*aEs;*.%
4i*p">f<r!.tiK::; ; ¦.Ke;'ti:n i 6f'i:.:;' X.T.Tc;.- N'ovcmp'i-r;
H'^.i^K:-' ¦Dcc«.mber'/7- '.-4;25c j,--- January,^ --4;'-53cT
•¦Ma^r.fi;-v:*:j : 5ci'.-a4a>v.'':4,or.c'i'-- i:: '; ¦;.:.. . 7 '-'.- : .v:;--v y:/
:-ViSUGAR>7Ra^-;-.fit:rii:;;Hi'innef!,vi.firni.';.:'.:; '-./-.v"
¦'¦¦¦ : ;«'HEAT-;ItKfrptsV\68,M& i bXfehe|s";'-'eip<jr£s,"'':
:iii;::tT5.> I :ohf.i ? - ; : ; ;s; r ,Vt ,;:ra&: ¦'yNfl. ; ;;2: 1 rp« :: ':«4"^^
.'Jiitt-'-b; ':Vicrvator; ; aidv'^'::'f;;i;;;b;va-nVt;^No^,'i; :
•Dftlifth; ssc ; f ; : o, b. : aiiQnt.;- >T^; .lv h'ard^JSjffiril-.
¦tcfba< : ;lM.Vi,c . f; - o/--:P.v .afloat'. : • ' Q'Rtion;S'"'at"- fl.Fs.t
¦.wer.e^^•*.a:k;enV.^¦J,y;^.I;dv¦p.rr. i ;^^rr;M^v^)¦pa•rrng¦'¦^p•ak'' t
: At.; : :noon' they >a:ilipd : ', : 6ri;' export ¦}^mf>fai\"fHiii:
¦cover) ntf. ; by • sh, im (?',: : i'Ut'f: rattr- ¦ declined-, on- - a
fair ¦ i yiHi.^ 1 :^ipi.K--:;.t J1 ji:..:i.«i 5 iii;ifiti;::ti^'-:c-!-<:s.;;i
•S/pM-mbW.:: '8K%^ ms^,.. : ;,i,,.«,,i;
:b^,r1p^d.;^T-^,;.i ;.^.,r-.-v;;:'V- v: -;.V.v--.vV..,:-.:^.. v ;
; OTiOP.?r-^Fjrm^ -v - ; : ,v'. "i- i r.' : . :" "• •'".;• •'- 7 :."¦':; -: .- :
'¦- E^ : 'J9^-J^^:3t:^LjbjUH?i^jip^
¦23,017, .barrels; .exp^^
iec ; rt(i\ar:ii;- naminai;.; ¦•:¦;:.•':•¦ :j :v';;-. '•'¦¦¦•:.; : : ':.••"-':. ;. •;
• Wesietn, &«ci-;-u, >1 4i »,</*» 1 i-!6 for Yellow
anU Whl.te.and $1 i'Vi "for mixej; California
large Yellow. . $1 55@l.. r »7&;. Email round'du
$1 '.O'S'1-75; -'-VVKite, $1 J55 per-. ctl. .. '
KiK— ?1 L'OSl 2<Vicper ctl. . '¦ ' .
bUCHWHt'A'l'-Ja 2u«j2 -SO pec ctl".'- ''.
¦¦:¦'¦:• -¦ : ';-' r; -."^.OpenV- '/'High: '•: •iww;." :--*cios«v-
December ' .^ _.-%i-l.y%.". $t io vs." St'.XO.Ii •;. $i- 10%;
.. ; 'OATS'r^lJ:eiei'p.ts. ffbm.'\h« north' wefe-'heavy, - :
¦as w.iil.^e'-scen^'.DUfihe'balk "were consigned ta
•the' local- mills,'. -so did not flguro • in 'the cash'
sltuati'oiv except indirec'Uy.. "Doalers quoted u*
btcaUy and. unchanged- market. "••'
• -\viiiie^ : »l' iir'jil ao;i Uiiick. »l «C^'l '45; Itcd'
tl'>J-4*l i'J'.i !i-. r cummon and $1 ;;o f 0 - •
.vhotce: Oru>. Stfininal.* "..*.. ---..•.
• CORN — More ."Weettrn c'amo -In. ' The ¦' mar
ket waii-iiteady" af previous prices. • ;¦..
2. : .p,' m.-Vsesslon'.
¦'•; '•..¦.'.•¦.:•¦¦ ¦: ¦Open'.--. '. H3gh." • V-oyv: y. : tioe'p
Dccehi*er;-.;..>i' .1-0% '¦¦M.' i '>. :^ y^-.^li, .$t : '.10.^
'and iBrewing,"
•Sl'-lS&l '^o.;;. .Cfi«valfer...>l .i:y.'i,i-..5o' ibr oiaiir-.Yo
Vcb^c«!'. '•;•-. -. : . •-.- ¦,':¦• v v/..: : ; , n ..:.'.-'. • ; .-.--^..?- !
•~-- ; ;vf'.v. ; /--''' : /- ' : - s .FrTUREs.- -.. : ::/-..-..•'•;¦¦.,;-::"
'V-'- '.••••-".>. •¦• B<»*lori.'0 io M^;«) a.Vm.'r^ v : -*
:;:¦ - : - .':'•¦•¦-. v^vwr^Oaeri. 1 ; •VHig+i'.-::::- ! iiow: ; '\cioi:^'
: : 5ia£^i:i' v 4'.7;?^^^
~ .' . 2.i>, m. Sesslon-1' . . '•*•- ' . V
Urrenilp^r- $1 47^. .. ", " ' , . ' .
v'.HA-itfc'E \"^:K'ufjii:es-'.\-w^"re.';'.ip:w'>r> ¦ but '.^cBsn'
p.pideR',rf^hi'od.;.tHe-..^a^t\:-.^piti^
•©ut'-i:OT ¦ $1 p! ¦<; .-for :Fecd,-.' b.u't.-.ilo .salW.'a.t 'j^its?
¦¦cei^s v > In trart'U'lQ Port "Co^tk to g-o
fil;oar'd- ; .-sh1fi.' ••c'on&ecjiientry. -did ,,ribt '•' figure-; . In;'
:th^'. «a>'h.".fna : rkejt-.: <?'¦¦;¦; y-- ¦¦¦¦' "' '•->¦' <;: -'¦':.¦'¦ ¦¦:-' -.-; .i--/
';:.-£W'-%' - ; '^'UASu"BAR;CEy: •;. : '. - ; .':.¦•.•"'-•• '¦ ::
. oAaa-.wiusxT.-- . ; v^ '^. ; <:'
'- . ;:c*J.ircr?i.la;' i -";.:-Clubi.' :i*-45tf.U:r.j"): •: ¦'¦•': x-.iiiWnla
.•VV-nn.e.-;A.U9traiUrUlT;;.6Ol t.i>. > -nXJlub,-
; *l:'55(al'8-7^''
FVTURFS
¦•¦.;¦.."¦'...' ¦'¦.'••"--.'.¦¦.'' ¦£»¦?•' *;iu'u--t>; : tu ; «.|-->;'i/ &:•;; ni:.w; .-'•';:'. > ¦'.'¦ ".-¦
;-v-.-j\HEAT— Paris and- I fiiturei were.
Vioth ; .. 1« , w r I-:- ; -The; ...n-pffld's.; sljli .« ».. 'nf s- -• ¦ Tor; Vf h«
.•¦w.pi-fc---Ki.Tf-- ns "; f .; n Jfmy s- : --::( rv.-: (suib-sersiV: ¦-'. •' Ftk«s!an' v
;2^Jl^i>;.¦¦l.).lt5ulji•«n.•'¦¦¦l^i:!!^H^^;^rt:;.lTtih.^.•(;Q;lM m"»;^
/l:!:i-.linri.;:;4J,«jr.»-;; :^T-he:-:'Aj!n.e.r:ic'an-'-\vi'stb'le\-s'-ubhlV
.;lnc'reia«. ; «l;^S;.(!0(> ; burshclBiV •'•': ?: ;/• i"-: '^-: '.•;=-.¦.¦•:..¦;- -^
: v '/C^'):< ; 0Ko 1 .;-df\(;).!hrMV- ; i'f.;;-,;;:Th'p;-<j<ini,.Vtr.>- Jiemati'ii
:-.w:i-,a,.,tf.;.i.<J;. ; ;i.!l-t ; :ta.v.:r.T!to-n.;.leiria-Kir-'ivfts--:.i 1 >aF
¦¦.I»'iiKt>ns;-.- 'Thc-;:';w> 1 aKn 1 t;js; ; .:i>>; JPart.s/.wasUiUeV to'
B^undancc iv'Q?.':o.CCer.fc^:''AXiiirieapb4'ls^re"por.tfd-.-'a~
Kri'.i ! 1 < ' . nd':'; .- -• ;. ;• . "• ;
¦¦¦:VT.fK ; ri»!-4y-nS;' ; iiV^AlM,T^n'.Av;4ii'\i:iiJF-"-i; n :,'^,r t ::;.i;:
:rf futiii>'S.:-:;-Tl)«r:-,^ : pt-'a;':'ivrHni>,;'in-; ; 1 r1(:'J;ituitiDh : - :
.^vife^F.trj*''i}: : :tnJ^•(eT^¦furfe^cs^;.¦:';;.'^¦:V; : .,:';;;-,..4^¦.•^^ ¦•;•¦¦
Wjreqtfgnd- ffifijerXGriiiks;
v .,NEW-t6rJ^ ':AtiK.-,$i.^-t he .ieb'ttonjmarlte^
clostfd--.nr.Jny net -.7®!*- ,Roin.ta -hUcherV;- '..- : • :' •': '-
McW:Y6W&ptt0n:ltiarkti
-5 sfi e 2 J- i
j :.:,-.-¦- •¦':.-:¦-•¦ :• •" .:¦'.:•.: -•'. ...-• :',¦.¦; -.'¦•¦"¦"'.• ••¦' r^.*"-'*.,*]
:;Bakirr >:•:-.:;: ,3a<J2. T*>:«Q >NW-.::C!ear - ¦¦' vOO
'.. Careon-;.-, ... ;i ..23.S»5.. gs > 48 VT- '. : C)ear ' •' -iOO'i
Eureka ... ¦ .: . . ,3«:.O4 : :C2 ' : iS ¦ N '. . Clear y-.Vii:
¦ K-n^no ..'.;'... 2». 78' I(X>- «2 N- : Clear' .'.W
: FU**ft*lt'« '.-.:29,»U-e,r»' iO'.'N.-;. Cloufly .>i2
•:,lh<>peQd«t>ce ..^2».so.;: »ii; -t» : :.s;E • ' Clear ' ;/ : :<»0 .
; Lo§. -Ansrtles. .2XM5 ' >« '; 5>r- \V ¦' ;cie«T: ••;«*'
i. -:5.rt^Tiirnalj^is.Ji!.MCt : K4- - IK), jc W ' Clear- ' ' i<DR>:
'•North -.; "ii*ad . -.-^0.;ir»: ; u » ¦ .515: N- JV: : ;: Clear"'.--': - Ml'
¦':' Pht^nix;: .-.;¦; , .'iW^.-l'u*. . >i> ' : W '.'¦ : Pf Cldy -.^"O'
'/'PiipatiejiQ . : ,; ;:,-.-^.^'/.H|«;-:.j»:V'.'y» f '-,--'^-'-.ci«ir.-. ;^voo'
; -Portlapi -. ; -.:»'( .i'h» : •.'T.h;.-; ,V4". .NWv.-rU.a-r --.•'.'•..¦ .:<*{:
" ; ;Palrit::;Rfy.et>:;iS«M.V.««: : ;KW ¦Cl'-ar' '¦'¦ ¦'¦¦¦'.&}:
: Re(t-:Bfufr,-.; 1 .^i..M-.:j.M,.;- «^v <: •• '.'.' : ' : : -' vOO
', 'lO^r.'Vrr.', ¦";.,-. 1-V ¦¦!'"¦ ¦W::*v-XK ; : f'lfar ¦ : -;/*> : :
'. ?air;r£nuf-n to, • : ";.-.1".;.-m >.;.!<*- -<i"J'. v X^- ¦--'•'.>»¦.
..¦s.«at : -.-iJkfeeV> : -. .iiu^sri- ic , : «(> - jc\v ;: <ri?ar"^-:i»
¦^ah;>Kr^nf i?co t:v:is; ;' V<t:'54 v^ \^- :: -: iClear:-;-': \&0
-' : : 6';L'2Jblspd>;:iSi:i»0;; --.JS i ~; /; C|ear •• • Ukj'
'.SanVpii^o ; -i .2n>6 v5 -->i2- - - NW': HT^ar' '- ¦¦¦¦ S>fr
>^»^y,:;;(i».» : >«rt-' -5« ; > .^-W-^ifax: ;; .-vf*) •
.--. K p/RaTi» . ; . : ; ¦. ¦ .:i<u »;,-. 7*.' " 60 . w '¦:'¦ -c**ar •'¦"• :'• \-\tfr.
¦ !Tjkibo€ti\ ;...•. .--:i!i: JC, ..f5.?.4S.- ' N*. ' Tiqijay 'J-00;
¦ /WViir- V.> ! ;a,.:iO , 02 ; ¦'+» i, JiS ",AV .- -. <leif'; •'-.- ;Cio:
;.:.^':;r-ncrnu t .ra - ':2i5.>S'- W -.4*!-' .¦- ;cWr •:• ttoo
.-;y.uir.« .'• ; : . . ' ; . vffl>.:;jy:.Ts; : at ;-; ; : r-ipsr:::-; ;.»,'
: : l*A"EATiii;R-.-:rN:>N^.T;i<xNj.«.--'.''.AN.'D.' ¦ General'
-¦-¦•f.v : ' :-:- : : ¦'¦¦•-¦: ¦-''^f-vfiKrA'sT..-..';.^;.- ;:•;:'... >/-:::"--¦•/.;:
¦'¦.. : v.Th»; : pfe»*ure :1.aV '.rkii^-n': *io'wjy. -iwr^!-
•;.'fcrr.'i.«i';. a-Rd; ; '.¦sHi.;ri.i--rn -^rF-^Tti.'- : '.A <Jepr>n'*lbt» ¦
i pvi.'rf:^ -the v»!i?y:;pf- : t*i»;-CtfJfera;dp' and ''^rains'
.;:c'oni l.ny »; -1 n ; AYiidna, . mo'ii t herii Utah' a n'4 -north-."
¦.:«'>f*^rn:.:T* : i^s.-.;-.y.>v; ! -uv^". V- : . '-/>:." >?;>y : .'-:-: •¦. : :~
.;..•'.^"ertper;;wea^>X\prfv*iTs'Mr*.;- rnla.'-" In:
¦ ; tJie}rl.iit>;rJ' f : :.ir n. rir-rt tufes -. of ¦'¦.' about
¦ J<irt/.(lej:r»ff ; {,r+vi':i;--. st-.I c.^r.<54:ioh6 -a-re -TiVor--.
. ab'l* ;Tf)r..-prc:*:inp-an(J A y:njr f-u:ti| ¦ :': ' '•:' -- ":
-: ; ; F.or*f : ->t- rr.ft>:.*.;:&t .^.irr; f-i^liop :for.. : 56 : *6nrs'- ;
;.pn<J.t.rff, n\rdr.j»!'h.tV'.-S^^-rr.!>.r'.-3.:. . . •¦¦,..
•;-'Ni»rth>rtt^pO£nor^;i^'K;:-ir::.;TuefiaaT; : '-con'
• ¦tfnued;'wfc;rr.i:.J;V>.'i r.'r.'^^y..*;^^-. •.::'¦•>; :,".-"
. :-,'-^outhern'-.:;Ca;!-!Ccrtili'^^^^
1 tin.ued.-warm-:- .1;*'h^,-.rr-rthv;>.vt v nus'.'' .;.' ..-'.v:-.'-.':-' V
'¦: :¦ •*;* v»rta"-^ F^iT^vr^w:-^':: ..-:; •:; .. ;-. -:; ¦•¦-•;..¦,:¦. - ::'.;; -- ; :;-: : . ;
.:.-• ¦••¦Sj».n; .j--ranr-,.»cii. ar:d v -?J .I'M^y.-^Fa'i f ; "TG^diy'V
• .continued v.. 1 *farpi :, .ng,'^ n^rth .t\.tr..i;.. i ivanEl^S'
': to- brtSkv-wcyt««rl»-...V-.:.-. •-.::•- .•';¦.-. -. :i •:•¦;.¦ •¦•.^..-, -;.:
A^''v--/--/''A: i O;;-^-cA^E^pigtriot'J'ofegaster;:: :: '-
-} ; ;^7!%'cV;^-Exciiange : '
;renTa'ihed_ Hndfsxjirbpd;.; '¦•' '¦'¦' v: ;-;.-. •¦..•>.. ' "¦¦ : ..;.-;.*; ,- • *. •
.Sterling Elchariife; ¦six.tyiays. •.';,'¦ -'— -'• $4 : 835i ;
:ste.rting Ex.eh'ahfre; ...sight ¦-, . il, ". , .- ;•-,':—..- , 4"sga;
.St>rIlhk;E'xchanEe,...cabl£s'h'.::.v. : — ': ~ : ¦'¦*%-&¦
N-ew.-York- Exchange; .^sieht...;;',;-.-; ''¦•-U'- ';. • 07 W
¦N.ew.'.YQrk.'-.Ex.chang'p.-.'telegrapMc. : rf> '.•''': ¦ : 'l0 : '
Slly'ef, '.pjeK.-ounco ' V> .-.¦'X; :\v-..:'iyV; v ''%- '.'- \&irL
Mtxicai) Dollars.- nomjnal-. r;-J> ;-,'.; ;ri-.'--'. ; ¦ 434- •¦'
Exchange and Bullion.
. Senator-. Oil Company .has' declared u-.dividena
of 2;pef.c?n«.' a'mcuntirig.to $3610,-.:payable S«?p-
.ferr-t>e.r, 1-.;V >'--- : v-. i ".:''¦•--- '-¦ v. '.--\:' ;-\ :¦. ¦'¦•, .'-„>">¦:.¦•'. 0:
v-'The: : J.plli':Copsolld.are>l'Mi'ning.:Cqmpan.y -has
levied "ah df/3"ce'nts..-per- share.'-.' '¦¦ .
-. i'Jhe : .Glant-.-PowS^. 1 Gorapany, > Cop5cl£Jaied i :has,
\decMr#U'j»'' 1 re'RUl?r:'mont-h.fy';-rfivfdend-«t'"»D- : centy:
¦pe.r : .t<har^.-paVable'Sept:ejnb« > r--.lO', .-.V/'; '/•.¦'"-..'. .'•-''-'i
i>ay-'a'.
:fe^ular^V^ntKl.y'^lvJ3ejid..Qf/^*eent*'|*af'-'<ihar«
; Xl:'--':'/- : ch;Sep^m^ej-vK:¦:-:.-^.' i " ':¦> ''¦¦y?-'i\ [¦ .i--"'^-"-'-'-;.. r \
•-'in. '.thevaftefhoon .tlie -gas- stocks •" continued'
•flrrti;'.wlth'.Qas'*nd iElectplc"' selling -up -tb.JiSS.:
.'and-* the; ; certificates .- "to ' '$08. - ' Sugar'
wasflrm'er.at-$l.'t «2'»4.- .-There. wa?'ao6ther"sa)e
of : Ame'riL-.»h .^TatUinal- Bank' jat. $125.'. • ',¦• ... -
; -The Wek'lbpened- with 'a- very fair" business on
•th'e;...-mpfnl.ng-''sV8sian--.qf . the -Bond:. "Exchange,
•Firmness -in. the gaa 'stocks' was "the iea"ding.fea- :
¦tiire. -• Gas'- a'nff. "Eifecirlc sold- up 'tb.-$07*lkv. the
certificates :to, $C~ 37.-*^r'-a'galn8t-'$66 pn-. Saturday;:
¦and '¦ -$54''.12^.
'.There. '.was -a, -sale "of-lHO. shares.. American-; Na-:
•tional- Bank' .at $122' 75,- The oil- sjocks- .weVe
dull,' with * a " fur thdr decline- In. Home .to" $1^;
'¦: .NEW- TpRK;-: -Auk. :3i.r4-TheVviBli}ie' supply
¦of xt'a'in; Ausrust" 2Q,. ** "compile'd . by' the" 'Pi'?--
duce-.i.EJfchange. ./isVas: folldws':. ; : ".'¦¦••'•'•.-'¦. -;•:•'; :\
>. -.:•'-- i- ;' ¦;;;:.. 'J3iiBK&i. : :::lmchia:Mes : 'Decriet<ses
Wheat ..*..:.> i:C203.0pO : ' "513,'OUJ) - - .:;.:•;•..:
Cam.. :';'. :.'.;«:¦.- ¦ 5>S«?i-;i»O} -. •¦•.¦%;•.•¦.¦;.'..:'• "6B9.000
Oafs :..-.; -. .','., 6- OTftOOOv ,-. --'l',u3'2'.iD«iu'- " : I, Wi'Z
*-i<ye .'¦.>:•.'. ¦;'.% ; •¦ • .- .Tics','000 - / ' : : - ' j Jooo-- ' •':= -, ;' ; .V.- .:
:Barley--.i',V'/..i:-::- . eSO.iW).'.' '.. ,- 174, : 0OJJ. ".- : V..';Vi.;'
Ki^pl^:Ghmi/Si^ply K
••¦-.'.f^r-the. tw*nty-tour vh6vrsi>rv<ling : 5: p'.::)tn'.,
":X ; th:;rneridian .time... San Francisco;' Aug.' -31.:
Weather Report
' .'WASHINGTON.. .VA'ug- 31.^-Th© ..Director. . of
the Mint -to'id'ay.: purchased. ¦-5d,00p ounces pf
silver iciraictunt . of : .Phiirpp;lne - cblh*ge- it *n:
.aS-cragfrof;- 5KVic. -invojince, In ISaii
-FranciscLo. •-••.';¦ ,-;-.-¦- "¦.'.-.'•.•-:•. •:-.¦; :¦¦•<-: h'.:. . '"
¦Deaduous. and Citr iis Fruits ¦
•¦:"¦ ¦. Rf>ce1pts:of v-Tnost 'descr.ip.tionn '.of. .fruits' were.
• rat-her.'4igljt. "but- 'as'.-the dewjand Was'likewiKe;
as' ...Usual; ,bh'v- Moh^ay/. :- iprlces ' . -showed '-little
.'ch'ange.-r'-Pf'a^hps-ania:. Bartte\t.' : PeaFS were 1 - in
liinttjbl 1 " supply. V ' aiid> '¦'• st(N\d}v :.-.. CU'ngsforie
: 'Peachef» : "vcere-.'ln..g;opd'-de'm"an'd"- among cannefs:
and-', ch'oicje. . 1b\a : cleaned ; up.'dulcjlly..''The're
:were;';hp..'cannln'E Pears'-ahd" 'very -fe.w -.Plums/
.:lri'.bulk' jfece-fv'ed.' .-¦'F.an.'cy-: Grayehsteih/.'^pnle's'
In: '4-tler' boxes '.sold '.'well : fpc s'hlpplng-.jit ••?!?*.
I- .lfr-per-'box, "^vhlle/lciw£r.-. gra-di/s, '-'.which" wprjt.
• ab'ph'dan'ti'- jlra : g)Jr.e'd : ..At.:"i}n-3te«tdy • p'rices. ;:Plnms ;
"and vPrjines..-:ln-- small Va'cHa'gOs; weFB.Jilerx.ti tub'
• and-' iduir.-.-at.'; pFevio.u«»'.-.'pric.eF> ! 'P.oinesr'ana'tes: :
..and./. Quinces-. we're- offering' .•Treely-'-'-.a'nd ; '>'_ere ¦
¦in. fair -¦req^uest.- -at- steady-prices.- ,:'Rec£lntS'--pf'
.¦¦Brapes-.we.rje' -llb/praJ.X iarid.-as'ide -.from , a., limtted
;' demand. -for ; f-ancy: ; 's.tq«ck ; . ; .in -craites.'.- fbr'. 'ship-"
; ; piilg ; there. '-was,- not -much' -'ih.qu try ,.- (or.-"feri)'a4r.
rpftJe'kaKeH..-V' : Ofterlnga'4n'^iar-Ke.'open boxes.' were
.•Jh-falr.Vreauesf'at _ steady' '.ra.tes.-V •' The: • warm'.'
;: w>& t-hef; : : s't ijnu (ai'e'd.'th'e -dyma nd •; f or.^l e'lon'sr an.a ;
iVKooirf,'-8Qu-nfi:'!orferJlnks-. of'"'a.rt"deser'iRUb 9'-n1dV*;i- n
f fr.?V jy>a< ; go6dr.;pri'cea.> Several: -lots.' 'or -joveri-.'
;>rpe' ; ;CanJ^l4>upe8, : '¦¦arid:..VJC Q tmeg.-..Me.ldhs. *old:
I '.b'elow'! -.the.; quotations. '¦'•Beyfles-.-wfre -In., li'gtit
rr'eceip't;'--a.rid-'-fancjt.' lota.- pa.riicularly-':.paspbtT-';
IJriefj ¦-cleaned- .up.. q'u!ckl3r;".-'Black'beTrri.est ./'and
[•Malln-da'S.traw.berri'es''.-.were"-'generairy'po.jrVand-
F s6ft,' : -.and'"-aorj.F.low.ly',at.-fasy 'prices...'. ..¦.-• (.':
L -.•'¦? £-apey-^mbr.s.' *sre. ..in/b.risk : ;d eifra rid '-'-0 wing-. I
j-tO" the'.wai;m-..weath.ei;, . ts\iU .there ':..w.a.sX.no.. quat-" f
L>tiie' : !Clia-nge.3n*pr.ices,:-."Grape F-ruft 1 vras, ; 'scarce-.:
' iiritl - ¦firmi'Ti, .ahi'I ; : :51«-'xIc'an--I.imee;,h'tt'd-:;-a;" jrhaip.j'
•a'tlvance',-; tuttpires-;'of-y-KOQd-. ! stock- -bsi^g-llghu :'
. ; -'Othof wls'e'-'.:tf.e.r i e vwas V 'nbth'ijn-g ¦ ',ln-. CKrus' ¦ ¦
jvof-./Tirotriit^r^F.rujt/. •.¦¦.¦;-.;.¦¦. U -••,-.'¦-% :. >...".- .' -'^:- r .l
: ¦¦•' •ST.RAW J B.ERR.l£:&^-^2"i84:; for: •Mallndas'. i: an.*.!
,:*'4'G6 : ;- f of -.. of h'je,r' ¦• &T? e /- y*rie;tles ; ¦¦_ I^rig.wp'rjthai-f
" in'o/nlna'l:':.' \\-\'''\ ¦:''/<:'•? '.''¦>': '. -X ' •'.'•-' r •'- ¦'''¦¦"¦ I'i"* £ I
s'..'.¦-.BA f srpR : R;R-IES4T$!)(g'l2':pe:r:-.-chest.:. - - ¦:. ,-- : • ¦•£.•{¦•
V • ; .;:iiI>AC 1 IvBl';RRIK'S^r.$2 WBfi PPr-.- chest-..! •'., I
:':%iVGKK ; E:4JER|^ES^«\0.8'c-!per>;)bV;r ; -T.V. : -S-;..-i':,.;V
{¦¦'¦ :'AP.i ) tES^^5cS$l.:.l-0'--^r.-..box- torf fancy.' ;tQ$:j.
•!•' ¦ : 76c' ; -fi}r'B.ca5l> to^cTiffi.ce.-an.a • 25<R'JOc Toi .'cwrifin.'in.:'*
f ftrXbapplesi-j/ilSljoSs ¦; fpi(-:-..-'srpli'If : 'boses- -ijifcb^.^va".!;
-iiOB'-fbr.'lar'g-e.."".' ¦•'.-'>" . .-':i ''.',''¦.-. .'•-•'."•. : ";x-- '¦ ;"':' '•'•': •"•'i'-.-l
'¦¦ '-vPfeiftRiS^tta-rtlr Vt K. ¦:¦":."•' " f " '-? 1 '- 25 ;: : winter ;yarie--j
; -::uv i - i :
•-¦• >DUl-NeES^f.C!?C5c pcr-box. - ..;•: 2 • -\.' ..-,' •: .- i'.-if
•V,:F.lfcS.^75c®.f}--per::bqx;- f9r:-'black.;and,- 4.0<gt75CJ;'>
: for'oth-er: yatietles; ¦'.••'.; '.'¦-. v- 'j- j-.'-:.. ••' -r '':<£¦¦; V'-^it 1
!-^»1^fe«»^WHES^.5j^8crper^iWi^ai
¦itiTiiit? •p'er' 1 : bqx>.larSe.''open_.h<3xes, .^O^.^ov-i'at'- *
:-.' : lHCA'oHF>'.:-..ffrr.&n vbDxc?;:. v?KV7 i..>c;-'-.cA.rrJers; ;
fi0fti*"«i-'far6.V-. •.'.rr.rv-bvSi sy Z\>C<ii$Vp- "per:, ton, i
i\s-.'Hr>2v'.-f/Vv';i'in*H' t 5n r '* ;: .' v ''s :~'.Y. '•'•:>,}:.¦:'' "-¦'-" -':!<
t' vl^6Sl-I'7Mi.A ! -N;ATC'?^:7r.rn»0c'. r^n,"bo3C',. - ;...-/ ..T
u : ?'GS'AP^S^^edrcss;;';r.<^-<^c.'.:.:p*f.'b«x";:.o.thf'r-;-
Hyarii ; t'«p'W '-'i' 1 '" ?'?#*'*!>* Bilialr .b.'oxfs,;' : 5i.>G75c;' for,-
-¦;cVa:v.«.' .a'nrt:. ; -7Co'?.?.V : -C>i -fpF- <ia"rge ..open- boxrts ¦
'?2ter&nUi;.: XVA**H- ?**&»>:¦ J*}:%^.-
t ¦¦.'*l-V'tO^<S^ : -t'6'i>talaup?s,. : f>iK*q|t~» psft'cnatej P
:'sy'if i L > oua.\r;'h'vrrtdrea:- ¦;;¦;.•;.•,•:.'.• -C •."•>•' '-. .-•• •'.-?: vj
V- =Ci i tit'L;y "• >;iX"tT-S :i rPn»llEeSi > $2 XfiQ'S- - ftf i
¦'yrf's-ViSeS^--'*'^- V.Pf C 1 -: -.box'. :W.Hh •• Von)* ;. Maijc^-
Wfcirer^^rape-.EruJt., S.r-.r^SIi^MSxfcjin. Llriies. '¦
:>-l. : -ih£t5;'''Bil-napasi. ! -gr.;:^'.-50;vp'ei-:,. bu'h'Ohj i
i:|^^pU^i^i^r^ztn^\;^;,^... 7 -.v- .;;_•-.: ->
1 vNBW F"'R'Cl*Ii : SAnrXc\(nr..:7.*^©»14c-fbr Royals
¦i-n<l : 0ju-lic-- J^r.-Jiloorparks/ pvvipor.a.ted-gSippifts.
5MfCei-.PeachjflB. .£Tli,(ff.7c;..--Peai'ii; '..e@ao.jr..- N&-,
ta'nhes. ¦^4^ir.n»'jwhlt i e^rig»7-*wnite, \ftit.
4';ic fn'toxes;-i?lums,-pltte'd. »VjS5^c ber.it>.-
• l'Rti'NES— .l'Jl'2 crop: 'Wi'<i2$ic for the.fqun
'sizes. With -V4& lc premium rqr the large 'sizes'.-
RAISINS — 1UO2 crop .are quoted- as follows:
•2-crown lope* Muscajejs. SCMb boxes,. 51,4c per'
ib; 3-ciown, ,5%c: 4"-crown, 0c; Seedless, looso
Murcatels, 5c; 'Seedless .Sultanas. -5c; S«fdleas-
Tlxunpsons.. &Vic: i'-crown London" Layer*, . 20
,1b boxes, fl .40. per' box; .3-crown. 1 $1'5(»: 4
crown fancy clusters. 20-lb boxes, $2; 2-crown
Uehtfs=as, 20-lb tcxes. J2 &0; O'-crown Imperials,
20-)b boxfji. JS; Seeded, f. .0. b. JTreeno, fancy,'
1-lb cartons, 7 : >ic; choice, '"Vic. " »* • • .- •
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 -suUshell. 12Utt~13c:
No. 2. l-OViij/lllic; "No. 1 hardshell, HH^12c;
Ni>. 2, 10^10»4c;- new Almonds, lie for Nonpa
reils, loV'C for I X L. lOHc for Ne Plus Ul
tra and 6*-;c for Languedoc;- Peanuts, 5®7c
for Eastern; Pecans, liyiSc; Cocoanuts, $4 50
65.- ¦' ' '.
HONEY — Comb, new, 12l4©13Hn for whit*
and lie for amber: new water white extracted.
CQOVicr light amber extracted, &5?5<-.c; dark,
BEESWAX-27©2»c per lb. . •
"-¦ : ' ! : ¦¦:;¦; h -UNITEb- /STATE3V BOXDS: : -- v ;^; • ";V'
; ; '¦::, '". '¦•::".'-;v.; : -.-iiii«teS|'| -"-;•'^-h ' J }^. I A S !K^.
¦isXtjr.-'coupv'.yV* •': -^..'i 's-.a^c.Xn'ewJ;.-^-.'".^-:"-:
f;ia' b.'r'l're'g;.--.-;-^,.;."; •^;< : i3*y.artcoup.:>^^- c ":--.-^-;''"'
jrt -.. ;- ; ;• -MiSCELL^N^QpS :.B0f DS;P ']. jP V V.;. ;
L^la ¦A-W'jsV:^. -^ :'.!-.' : Do>5s;-jL':\;'-^ '413,^- ;
pBay-C^C'SsV'^-lort: \-.--Ba .'con.Ss, '^ ;.ip3/;' - ;
f- caKe <j -rss.'-:'-^-'*- -ic^- ¦ o \v. ci-r'ss;.;-^.-:: .-;;
f.c;alr-G.-.&-E;'g"- .":,'. :-'.,V C»£K*anrc :S.'.5a—^' ; ,'
{. .•. ; &'.ct;33.' : . i '-^ '.rC0.."©m C-:-R..63. '— r 425'
1 •Ca.l-'i't'-Sfc' -i--i-^-v v^v. .Pac; ;G". Ini i4s'^o :i00- •:
Be .C-.W.at 1 -5s,' rf-; VlO -J' VE. RjT, 8*ill6»: rr •• ?
l'-Ed'--I^P.'.'C8..:r^v'^'V,-;P.\ ) &".C-Ht!s>-»;/.--^ • -•
• :F'-'&'.'C-~U':b'3'.'.^:: i'rr^;; .-'.«;'&: O. iR.'fi's'..— : - ;i --^'-'.
Oearyle't. Ssi..— • -. •.'-r--.'- |.P.c>w:elI-st-';6s.. i-r.- ~ ~ .'¦
'S"C--<£^S3>SW-^-V -=r'.' ; S. E.'GA"R. 5s ,^-r- 103%.
••H- e-'.&. s: ts^-os- rieo-'- sB-;&;sjv$aji<i%v20L i :
;¦ H-on'.R.T : ;>u».:'Th-'.:'.H--"- jR-.«.f Jo- es-.uiH;^.
f'.L- A "Erec :-5sr — ,-. 105;. • .P-bf AVes'- ,.;.T\- • ."
i-LvX -SUfloflV ;/y.;ios i • —^v
•l- &.:l'.c.«?: : - : -'"-'^-'- -nojoj : ,.r'.:.ioo r#^-/
J- -DoVgtd-.Cs-:.^- -':•—•:: SvP;o'f C.-5S-. -.-*.' -.-.
i Do .gta'T»s: — ' •'.•-t- ¦' ¦¦ i :tt9C3)Sr A,-^-;..-i-' • "
! LAP-lt'm JS'^p/- "x^:*- aCSoS/Sr-S. -^- „ >— • -•.
: ' M fct^st -G-- fia ¦•-> r . : 124 :-• iUOOti) .-,-. .C.i TOT.. •""-«.. .
.• ;es<mcd* ss.xu-^i'i.^ 1 ¦,. •.•(iw2v.%:v. -v i." •— •, ¦•.
UtiKR pf ..OlsaQtJViic^.ii.B'.P-.C lgg'Ss-'-^. -:—.;.
'vNUCot C5s. .— • -120. ;;. '.X)p .s.trn'pa.iflS/i-r-:' '
'NPfc^-R-V-i •—.-¦ S'.B-B.-R-6s\ -^..110'/
¦;N'..C- R -5s.'.' ,— -' — :IS VW.at-'.Bs^es-U-'^-'.' .
N C'P»C 5s: —^•'•¦102. 't- Do '4s.2dmV'90.Vi|JCD "
•N' Jf .•' K ,6s. ; 08' :lt)Or . '. " Dd 4tt'^m.%-90Ti .— ":
O G' L-H'5s:-^ -.•^-•.'.;slHn"G&'E 6s--»»> 103? 8 .
'0''T"Co 6f. : :^ 122^'U G.&VE'Ss.-— -
.,•.'•':.' ' ¦. : - WA-TER SJOCKS.: ¦"•.'•..-' :'-'--.:
Conira Costa'--^ ' CO..; 1-Po'jrt .Cqsta. : .j— - ;— ••'
Marin €o'...-. .— ' • — • Is B rlng Val.. 34%- SSft.
. •' GAS-AND" ELECTRIC.'". " .*. ¦ ..:
Ccnt'L-ie P_' +• -5. Sac E G&R.' — ' '. -4;...'
Eqult'Gas... — — S F G- & E. 68 '--.es^'
Mutual E"L. IZ%.U% S F. Gas.;... — "— - ..
Pac G' Imp. '64-V05 Stkn G & E. -.-f-.;
Pac Lightng. 6(1 ' .—. U G & E. . ;>:« -. — ' :
' TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES: . .'. J ) :
SFG&E. 68. CSV* . ¦'¦ ;'. ' "...." :.'.
' • . . .' . ' ' INSURANCE. • '-. :'.¦/.:¦ .' '.
Flrem's Fiid. — ''. —-' - -. •» •' ••-•' ' .
" •' ' BANK STOCKS.. . ' ¦ • •'..-.¦ .-.
Am-Natl Bk.124 — ' L P & A....— . -j •
Anglo-Cal .. — • — Mer Trust ... — .260-
Bank -of. Cal : — — ' Merch Ex . . .— t- . .
Cal Sa(e Dp. — '.' — ' S F Natlpnl. .— . — . .
First -Nationl ' — — * . ''. ' .' • :.
•SAVINGS BANKS. ' ' . • .
Ger S.i L. — ' — Sav & L So.- 65 .105.
Hum S & L. — .. —.-Sec Sav Bk. ¦— — ' '-
Mutual Sav. — ' — Union T Co. — — •
S F Sav U. — — . .. ' ..
• STREET RAILROADS. ''¦-'¦"';'/•
California.. — — . I Presidio ,... 39 .45..
Geary .". — . — '. 1 .- •¦--.-• . .
'• POW43ER. ¦: -." ' / •
'Giant •«> • «>7 |Vigorit ..... — *: 3^
SUGAR.
Hani P Co.- '— . Kllauea S C..— —
Hawaiian C. 43H — Makawell C. 22% 24
Honokaa S C 13^ — Onomea S C. 28^ \iZ'n>
Hutch S P C 13% 14 Vi Paauhau-S C 16 V
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.l4S%149 (Oceanic S Co — —
Cat Fruit As — — Pac A F A.. 2% — *.,
Cal Wine As — 09 IPac Borx....l6(J . r —- \L_
' . . Mornin? Session. • '* '.
"Board-v ' .-*'•"•
. 40 American National Bank, s 3... 122 M
. 20 Giant Powder Con ....,...*.... WS 75
S Giant Powder Con .: 6« 00 '
. 10O Honokaa S Co , T 13 50 *
50 HuVhinaon P c <> •:....,. :...-14 0O •
'SO Mutual Electric Light : 13 75* ,
50 Paauhau S P Ch 16 50
85 Pacific Cm Imp 54*00
15 Pacific Gak .Imp *......*.. 54 12^
60.8 F Gas*& Electric Co.^..:.... «7 50*
50 Trust Certs (S F G & E) 68 GO
> 50 Trust Certs <3 P" U &. E). 67 00
25 Trust Certs (S/F G & E) 67 25
* 25 Trust Certs o (3 F G & E) 67 37H
Street — .•
50 California Fruit Canners ....... 00 00
$8000 Market-St R R con Ss ..Us CO*.
S1S.O0O S P of Cal 1st con 6s... •...110*00*
. --Afternoon Session. ' •
• ¦ Board — • •
\ 50 Honokaa ....'.. '.... 13 62^
217 Mutual Electric Light ....." 13 75
115 Paauhau S P Co 10 50
55 Pac Gas Imp S5 t»»
.125 S F Gan & E'ectric Co 6S.tt» -
105 Trust Certs (S V G '& E)...... «7 50
100 Trust Certs <3 F G & E).. 67 75
" 115 Trust Certs (S F G & E)..V... 68 0O #
J5O0O Pacific Electric Ry -Bs 106 75
Street —
* 10 American National Bank 125 OO
10v> Hutchlnson S P Co *14 00
\St^kym0-:^0^chqn^i,
Mj6Ni)Ai;.-' Augv ; 3f -^-2;:36i : p;
The . qTOcere' ' Ga'zet ie.' eai-s . <jf ¦ ¦ {tie. Liverpppi
market •.fer.es:'lmon:." :f *Yne wportftd snort run'.fef
fish on- ihe'.' PiigjPt; .'.Fta«.er .and i'". S'arthft'rn- Rivers
ris ciused/an-'af^v&Tiee ;in.'prtce~o.f quit-e is-to-.lii
«-J .P # e"r '<;aa«,' aTia;iargf. "courit'ry .*i1es' .are .being
oiMjiis^.da^-^^RUs^JI^&v.^U^x^ttiA^aie
in inq^'iry:.:and'4t'is hot 'at 'ill- unlikely
¦j ;iiattimlts will: advanpe .-ccn'siaeTibl-y". .epp^ciaHy
••n'l-rtiie je\?nt of. -the. news .of" : thf -'park^onttmilng
¦ib': pe: '<3 iscouragihg : : fanned'- .fruits 'have. be*n;
*i'i} Vp.ced '-in .-price considerably'. Jn- conJequende'
vot'-che- great. scarcity ahd^ehortage.-" ..''¦'¦•- i ::'¦'*.¦
Ctjrirticf; Priut;. Safin ontiv&igfaiidj;
rFiouri' qr-.^ks.-: i 47.C7S -tonq-.. .-;..-, -..-.^O.
.Wheat; ctjs :'.'..:: 22.-4.:u; Hops;.- Bale* ::.¦>•,;-..' -176
Barlfty: 'Ct'lSiV, :W;f>l.S i\ool. • bafes. ;.'.»;; l^O
Oats; ctli -'.•:^.-.-' f4.iaO,TaIlciw.- ctls. ..-...'• r -2(h8
Cdnr -:-'(Ewt) ' ' '.5«'>0 | Pehs'.'- No >'ii'. ~ - \ 9V,
"sks. ¦':¦'/.,:':'. •.•SeolHldes,; No} - : ..-. :.,.¦ -. : , 37*
' Pbta toes. ' sks. '.. . 5.5.«0 .Leather, -rolls' '• "• "• ~-' 2*7;
v<inlorfs;:sk's.i.:; - ..87O..Wine.',.gals. ..:..;' Stf'OOO.
'.Br«ri; .sks. :..•.•.'...- 2t5;Llnje r bbls ;.' :','. - 'flftl
• Mld'dl4ngs.c.8ks'.'-: . 1,225/Pap;er. ' rm».'. :..'i,ls3;
.-'Hay. ;; tans-- ..-.':... .- l-.3;«[H6wder,- ; :cal-'s'- „¦' •" •: -2
•,£ee.dV.3ks-...:v:;...'. : . : 4ip K -.;\ - -'-.' ••..¦¦•-.•'. '..". '--.¦..- ;• /
,.-• ; 5; ; . };;; ; : :- ; .-: : --^'-jpREG ; ONv. '--" r/-.\ ;-. : " ; v'--'/'>
• : Wpoi^ : biilles'-'v:iV^-.: v -7 '-V-. v ': .- -j -. V" • ''. V.i ; -/-"V
;;;-^' ; '.i' > >: ; •WASITINGTON,':; ;>/ ;'-:' ; ¦.¦'.V..-;"'i.
• Floor,- : .'<t'r : . ski- -'?' ¦ 4;»O0fBran'.: sks.' .'. I . '..; ; . l.r»35
Oats;,: ctlft'Av. .. .;i5-;.43. r | Shorts. : sks .. . .V. .1,500
-FOR-THONb A y;-. . 'AlfcWST- 31
: Prddujcei
N;oriJi-emi Business;
•"v-SEA-T-TLE. ¦¦ "A'u's..- 31:— CleariflgS; •¦ t-nig.-O^.
balaw^- J -I!* ' ,
•-¦.TAC*3MA;'.'-. : Aog.-. : >il'.v-;0Irarin.gs4 ¦$254'63t'
£urancps '=: ; K:);^io : :' -\'r''- : -}[- '..,:'¦'¦¦:'¦': '¦:':''¦¦.¦ ::v..'; ".' ! :
.. M'CIRTLAXD:-. ".-Aug.'- •Si.:— Cleanings;' *;.534.5C0fr ¦
,b'aTarici:Vi..'-:'.?-V4i'rrt,-.;..'.:-.'.-.-' ..¦'-.: .;: •'.'. ::¦: :;-- : .'.?.'¦ .'-.• ¦¦', ¦¦;¦
-• •.¦¦'.J5P'blvANE/-. : A|]g;.' yi^Ciparings.:; $366.C0OV
tslances'^tM^eiN-/;' ; •.'-.'i. •';->' ¦¦'.•.' ¦'"¦¦• y: ¦¦..'", '¦': ;
'^o^^cHcl^Mhl^M^^<^:'.
'Oregon:
;.:.P-OR-TLA>aX.-AuK,\|?:l.^Wheat r^WailW^WaU'
; JaV; #>c; b>ue;'iRtti^,;.H3c::vai ; l«;j-; ; .sicJ:- ;'.'¦..' i-.;',-''
¦-.:¦ .-5 "'';-•..'¦- V' ; ':; WAfe'HiS'OTON. ¦ ; ¦:.;'. j ?t ¦.¦¦ \r-.\ r .i
\ : TAcpiix;yAfc
8tem;\.R3cr;crub;>soc;i ; : -^.: :¦;-•::<• . ; :¦':-•. .---"•
WcM^-MtiRii&TSi
Bl^mButtcr:
.--;. ELGIN;- 111,; - -'Aug. '..3'1 '— Hutte'r.' firm ;'. official
ma'rket.;;.-i9l4p;:;:offer^n^{4id^y.\-'3bn-::tuW:'.all
•sold;;;at ; ;i{l[^c;.;out|rtit.: -for.: ¦¦weelc. : -:'.lj8V{548.-lbi:-.v;.
1 ku^^sdn^.: r -.BSjhed'vfl^.'C^.'ipcp in
; fpr-. : A l urusC-18! ( >2/-- For'.ihVnrtt/*ighi Tniqriths .' 'pi
r.'the '. J-.ea'r'- they .'were:* b&^Si.g:*;- agaln«t ' is.57v
'IJASSf /or-. the' Ba'rhe.-tJme -in I'Wl.; ! These; *ims
inVtrje^ieartngs'-Ehowan /.excellent -.'state. -pf- trade
in tldtPaaty.'t:; .-.--. ..•."¦•'..¦.-'¦¦- :-¦¦:;;.,* .¦:¦•-•: •¦¦•'-'.•".. : --'--'
Bank £?&ring&
• . ST. LOUIS, quiet.- Combing
and. clothing; •16@2iUc: :;Hght,-. fine; -I3@i7.14c;
heavy,' ;. fine; :. ; l:pigH'iiic;':tu'b-'. washed,-' 2(vg20iic;
St. Louis ll^bpi Market
• ''.E.GCSr-lRariCh ¦31g i 32.Q' tor larg.e .white- selects
ed' and '283:30c for .good td. choice; '•tot<-?25^(j(
27c;:. cold". afolrage;' 25c.;- .Eastern,- '..l'S@23c : ;.per
ao?j»n» •'. ' ¦•-=.¦_•¦-¦.. ¦:'.¦•"•.•/.'•;:••..;,¦;¦!¦.•¦•.¦¦; /'V.- .=. ; .-., ¦".''.
"¦ • -;Eggs- Tu 16. steady. .a't'P.re vlaus prices, ' and ' th;e
dema'nd 'and* : 8upply 'abput .'balance.-.-'V-' .-' . -".-> '-
••¦¦¦ Receipts.; wiere •Hi.pO.O •lbs..Butter.- 645 .cases
Eggs 24i-DO0-'-Ibs fJCfie? s*." -. "..' ..' ; >'- ¦'¦ • .->• -:•;.'.
. - "Bl)TTER^-_Cream*ry; :27:a2Sc. for - extras and
;2t^6o2for M!^.nds.;vdalry»>2jl^23«.rsfc!r«.Bt»t- :
"ter.'. 17@a0 : c ?'. Eastern; '22i524c.., ¦- -. .;¦ : ¦¦• :'••¦". .' V. ¦ ."
.7'QHKEi5i!:-^N*w',->12!B12ii-c;'.-. Ybiiijj? :Americii:
lC(gl4q> .'Eastern, •¦.-15@-I6c^.- - Western;- .. l : 4Ol5c
':per'\W.' r '.:\'.- i: : : -:'}i'y.}y: : . '¦¦:.¦'¦':. -..-' .;:;¦'; -V-']>.
.CThee'se' ¦r«i^s^na1^A9."Jb^(^;*'-^'ltog'-K-wj*«k:'4ixt;
j.ri.' large';'- supply^.- wi.thi- ll.tJeraV- stocks ¦' i.ij".?cold:
atbrage;. ;f v- '.v.-^':'.-': 1 ' : '..r'. '''•-'¦'¦ : \"'-'-- : . '¦¦¦:'¦'•.¦'''.¦';. '-^.f/i'. '¦'¦¦.
'.¦ . Receipts -f rim '.th'e.'.-northerh- .'coast .oyt^Sxin^
day,' -\ihUe''aniple,- 'wfere.rtpf. excessive,', and.' -th**'
market :< stboa*.'.abont ' ; ---the ¦ ia'm'e-- 'as.: it':,' did..' lasy
w*>ek..:.'.Eipe .'-braii'ds.' of.' xreamery-..' rilled' -flrrn,;
but;' the. jtniedlum' and;' tower grades/were;. weak
and -dragging,- and. some, of . Jhenrhaye .beeiiroh.
hand.'fr^r.vaAvcif.k.. V ;'..'•- '¦' ' : ''- : -'- "¦'•.''.•'!.'¦ ; . ;.¦¦';: '¦" ¦ '-. ¦
B\Utcr, :^hcese.and: : E^gSi
¦'. ¦¦'. • VTh.«'-ctiJniBte.-at ; the i'-n-lted: Sta't'es- briheifc, jnjint
, ; .n;- tbrt.-ci'ty:^^:du.rihji -the; TOphtti'pf JtugustcecnT
* r ste'd ' '.4tf;:«'4S!t$,6cb '. i? ; "gold : eagle*, : $74.'©pO ;; la
>;*-n'dfcrd- silv.w- dcUir*;. *-20;ip0e; in ..snv'er- lialf
;»l'..n«rs-.-e;n/i, '2-.00'4.-<i<iw. •¦•Ptiiifnpine" ''isllvM 1 ,^^ pesos.
inVAyrust...iyO2; -the', coins'gt consisted. '. of ; 4»;r
IM0.WW In.- double. -e^jtlfs-, ; >*gic's ahii half earlesj:
'P$ih$3&. iii:^4ugit&
-/.^i^^^eiptcjof-ivtles.'.cn-.lmpo^tc pt -thft-Cus*-;
•fnrh.hooiie 'rduritjig'.'-tn* nionth' cl August .vers
|ai^4'^HlatiM;'4SBX^.*- ; t&.?4mBstfi«lAtiL'
:,The t'o't^L receipts from January 1-to date- were
$5:174:815; . l( .-n:r ; n ».'. •OtL'.clT ' toUj me »«nu
i-*'riod : last,year; : ;'..;••.•."•" J- •'•'•'- ; : '- •-•;¦- .."• -:'-i '':•':':'/¦:
P ut-;CS;. :6n Imports.
[^;-'-: : j p;^EW>WRk;; ; STO^::X;isT^^;?'.y::v;
v-, : ;-sio>k»^.-' ¦'."',:¦. ¦:{"; ; :Saie«:v ;iiikhi ;'L6>..^cipseV
.Attbiscin ;;v: ¦.>.:.¦.;..:.:¦: 1><»> V :: bs^iv^u^i- --trt^
Atchiscn: i.M,. .,-,;:¦,;: '-_ 1 ;rt^>:; v. -i»K -¦- r }i^tiJ--'o0Z'
-¦Balumore..;>- C)Kio.^ }«;0«>^ ; : g3»i'- '''8J?4: : ; K-si.^.
:.B^lt:;& ©hlo^fi},.-;. .:.-;¦¦ .^^ : "V ;-.'.^.. ¦:'',^*-. t '.-:-g5S>
CabaiUari ¦Parlfl v v..;-;.v. >;;c,iifr. . 1 ivT s :--.l-27-^=-i"2?Ja? ;
jCeiv^N^vy 'j-fifv-y.:-. ... ¦¦-¦¦£.. h,v, ..1^ : ¦'-: liri^'^ieit. *?
\?he»srpeAfee>: ( •bio: . : 2;«.ii> •:;3,4.«- t ;.-''.'-J34;v ;: v'^4 : ii
.X^i*aFo :^; Aft^ri^.^';^-. -ttOu";\:-iT^ ': -^.14^^ ; '
C-hf Mrca t -. . VS-M Prn . - - i.-J'Oi • ¦ 17>. ' - - -1 J----, : Ai<-i:
¦<'.;hi;iit. •jV-eit :'¦¦ BXpTd ,'¦'>:; 1 00 " ¦?. ¦'.¦'•¦ yi[^ J:2». :¦'¦:'¦'
lt-.-N ":\V..-v::v<7 >!h/;.: : i ij.it',; : v Htfitf^ itjfriiv
;Ctrf.T^rriv.fcXrans.;V: -](^ : . IM-^;: .]i.* ; - ;^^V
; Chi-ea^:y.T. -/i- T^d.; -.-.;.;-3iiO" i^^.-.":..-:'^^?:-'^^
.¦^^;e:A-:st;;Lolus,:-:i;::iH .:¦-:;!< .: -^1* ' ¦-;¦**¦
:crtQra;.jn:f(^h'^n-/.r--:ovr(vv.;;i ; -4i J v:- : ;j:iiri:::,:.^i!^
¦Gttto : >«ju:th-,1*: -p:.i: .'. ¦•;.:.4 v >/.'.',-r>:{i J .;: ¦ ,-.. : ;;i<i :•.
TScHivrTJ'tl: 'i-i--;;f.-i'-. v .; •¦>;!mV - :,:?:<¦'-,: 1 :^ -^iasL
%-o*^w.i!v.-i---i.iu;>f.h'v>,4o!»':-.'',i05;"i V-vjbi-
/DeTai^-IJaVfc ¦•*:'A'y*>tv-.'.'-. ::¦¦< - ¦' -; ; -:£a^
¦JDc.sv*r : &••: ii\, , -r,- .:¦.-•. . : •'. .in «V';: ¦ .; j--. v v ¦
: i>*-n' : &'-."Rio/.<}':j;-fd :¦-.¦• \ i\?>^~<i- .-•¦:•¦• v.-.-..- -ts--;.-;
:r.;V^, :K :?..'.<.'• 2T.'.riio---'..'"-:'.-l.-:-. : .- : : ;.:iiy^.> : . : ' -.{ofa-
Erie l*t U<1 , !,!., .v, r7-» '«7$
<j«»( N'orth'rn fttd .,.. j (S *
¦Il.M'naiB. iVniri'I'. .;.-:;; • il-000- • ina'i--. M'3' - " •;I-S3'.4'
•-I»)W;a'.'i:iAt!fali.-.r..i;-i;- ¦¦¦-¦'.: rW-:-. iilVj -.'.••: : .-21-.4-.'-'-'' : 26vi;-'.
:..;.-.•. • •. -.•¦.>. :-",y. v"'-.:ss'i2- :
3C-. .G:-.SAw>iiiETriv ,-J' .- : -¦-.•' *XX) ; v ±X . : : ' ¦ \S2\i,-': ¦ ' -'22-W
;.K -C-.SduthVTn {if^'.", /.-"il-w/V. ::p^ - : : 3»?4-V^S%i
jLoiui's :&:¦ Va>h : '•.•.-.•;: .;3;1 f«. . -i (M0\'.- - 203 V/iimk "
'•;Manha'tran-' ••£.-:¦'. ;. ; v:.-'.- : .'-. ¦SJytfi.: l.tj'-'V- VioM?i;X)'fi'
.Mt.trpp'olirarr'.St. Ry ; S*;5<Xf ¦"•'iwu.'. -us ' ; 117%
rMin'h.-.&'.^t'' l>;Aiis'.,'.--':;;.>vV..~.-.'.'^, . : -; ¦;• ¦ z-.'m-:;.
'.M-is'fcoUri ;P*ciflc; V- .' ¦ 2-5. 0.W' . < 03 % '¦ ¦'.¦"• <U •*" ' 94 *
:M..-.K-'^T:;pfr^-.i':.,.-;.',;4boy " : .42-^i-::-42 ¦•-'¦¦4->4 : '!
>-ti.-:.H.-n .of •;.'¦. fio.V,-.- 41 4 ••.: i 4ik •, : f4i-£ ;
>KM7-;Viro.rk'- •• '<jn'tra 1- " . %r>' « . • 12.1 1^' ' J 22 ¦-. " ; -'-l-22 : »i' '
•.NAjrfij-^A-; ;\v<^••'rti;:: : ;i,i^:;: o:nv .: (»fip; o-w^-'
;*:p_r^:\V(>r:j.f. h./;:..,-.-:.;::;.;:.,.:.,-;.-.:.- w ;..;.v>,>-,
VV>s'fern I ': /f.-fici.)-'. ' .'^'i ',- ¦ = 23%- >.-^:JV •
. Pe'nn> 5 : L^n5 a^ . - \ v .. v- Q.-SW - 1 2r>i-i ¦' • 124 £ "il'4 V
7?-r.4i1'i^-.V;.v.-''— •:-.. :; .'.-/?4,'.l.Opi.; 5CV4'- 'SfciV-.: S'5Ti'
•J?cs;(!itK-J>t;pfd'.:-.; ,-¦..-.'...:.- v .-..-,;¦ ••• , ;*¦ -.-.TRii'
¦?i:;ifiT.,«T-.'y-.p/d:- ! -'/, ¦ -'..-v- :.V; v.,:' -. ;• :';.•-- •.¦(*-•¦
.-Erftrft-.-lrfgnd. Co, .-..-.;= 5^.000 ¦¦ S.^ !;«"2S"A'.f;.2!)U
Pt-I/&:^.-F:lst-pT4.: -..•.¦...'¦•:.':; •-.- • . -.'eo'*'
Nt'J;:^ ,n'ir'2<l-^fd.'.- . 2(>0. -01 • • r,(,.% . -sou-.
.-St..Lt.iilj."':-s-^v:.-. ..,,.-: ' .vx> ¦ m>4'. .'.l.vg ¦'• j.vii
Kt ,LouJB,'6- W - P fd : .- - ' Of^O ' '35«4 . S3 ' - 33
-F-uthfrri: Parinc.'.'. 15.fM!0 " 4fi!J4 ..«2 4c-
Wwjh.<:'rn:.Hainyay.'.- 6,!MH) 2-'l% • 22% ¦•'•^I'K
/f^.u'hrrn: n^ jlfd.'.. XOO S.% ¦' 85 • MU
Tcxar.'il'arinc:.-.; : 2,«00 . 27% ' 2«Ti '• 2 "U-
T.,St-;'li-&..\V. =.=.._• • 200 22*2- 22
: AVSV-pM., ....... ' . . . T . ...'. 28%
¦i-n:^ -jVinc bid-.. - ..;.„ .... - I!!* isT
•A^pTja^h .'pfd'.-.;C „.;••.' 1,400 ' '3rtit • . |5<;i2
AVj.rcl/fciLaU.itfle 1 f JO ¦: 17 ' '17 17.
r Wlnr->n>!n;.fentral. ''^OO • in .' . 19 j{>-
Wlj Ccn pfi ',-:-.-¦ I.. .' .'4110 '. '40»4" 4OJ/4 "' 40*4'
..-. KxtiripBrComtahieW-. ¦¦¦••.••..
.Aliamfe' ->.».-;-.„.„ .'¦..-."-•.-; "-. ; • ."- nnn
•Xtr.fTlcsn •-,.•.;¦;• S; ¦:¦.'¦•'.. '..'; VS.';-': "'' • Jso
; r-n-ltetl. fitatcs.-.;^. .'.:.,,.... V- .;.;••' "••** jQ.j • :
. W.Plis-Fahfrn '.>.„.; ;^. ..;...-.- ..,•..".';..' 200
;• ¦ M-iFcflliiTTeousf— '. •. ¦ •- -" . ; *.'•-. •; ¦ . •
.Air.a-1' Copper' *l:L.\ .(^,-300 : 49^4- 4ST4 ¦' 4i)'i.
..Ain-C&'F,.'.. 1 ..:.'.,.- ' 400j*-.33H' *33V4 ' -33
AmC &;.P- r crd:^., •.'•;• 100' ->Jt^ . S4 • ••.S4^
A m-UIn. Oil. -.-.-... I',.... -MOO.:' 11 ' ...ll '¦ 11
..Am 'Lin OiXprd-.-.i; '-. ;,^.i- -.-.-.. '.- 30'
Aril .L?ro' ;..¦./;..;..:- ' -200' -lflfe ' -iflii- 1914
• Am,- Ix>eo.-r:f*.;.i. '-:.-.' LOO '-8.V -:S5 -65
Aiji- Snr.,/t- R..- -. . 2. .Via .*."> 14 • 45 »4" 45 W
:Am'-8m..& R-pfj-. ,;.:; ;- .i;oO' • fW% "00W sfiO^
..Am-Hutpr-R. ..,..-;.., .'3.RO0 -117% 11*5*2 "117
•^SSSRi a r"t; ; r :.:-: -y.^ 1 5?* £*« . s»
.Colp Fi V l.&.Iron.>. ..,,.:..¦. j;-^-: .-;"•" n7«i
Co! -fllockV- Coal.. ..-...-, ' -. ' .j 4^
•Conson<latf.J-.'Gas.'.. 1.300 :i7S»r T78.' 177%
•Grtifcral.E^c:,::,^ -.200:lC5.* :](3... iffl.|
Inter .Paper .^: ,300-. -.13%. ..I3'v4 " -13V4
Inter. Ra.i>er.'pfd.. T ;...-r.'..:..'. -.,;.. . .'.'.^ : \ CS%
¦ Inter. Pump'-. . . .I-./:-, ..'.V,-.'- ' ;,.'.'. '.'¦ \.''-. i 45'
-lnt*r. Pump- jif"d.-.:.'-vl.'. ¦;..'••-'.¦•.•¦.."••' ¦• • 70 ¦"
Ttattonai BlscBli.-:-. ¦¦.¦^:.~ .. - •-.«•¦- ;' -"38."
Natfnn.al Lean ¦ : -.' ;~ .' i- .2rto.".? 'fSH.-.'is^f ••' \sv
North Am ...;.-..;^;. r .•7pO..':.78»^.:-77'4. . 77^
PacMf Mail- .«,:.;'• :.{My> '•„• -2-2 ?' ".il . • 21 >V
People** Garf.-i:..'.....; fiOO--''S5%'-" - : S>5'' '.' 0o'
.-PresMd Ft C.-V; . .-. .v '100 :'. 42% . -42% . 42t4
Pressed St Cpfd;.-, -...'..ii .'• ~™ ... ;-..- : «!?
Pullman J"ar .ear".;. ,••-. ?l\' ':% m J'. "• • 218 *
, Republic-^ c te«l •-..:.':¦ ."400 . 1*1%' -.11%
.RepubHc.Bt pfd.::. ;-.i.6oa-'.«7-. • eo -" ecii
Rubber Goods ...;.: 3.100 "int<,\ 18« 19 •
Rubber '.Good* pfd. '100 -.76 '¦ . 76 '• '72%
Tenn C & Iron.. '..'.. l.boo --44.. 43% 43 «
U R. Leather ..'.-,.* l,»00.- ¦ $VS ' 8 • ••" 8
U B Leather pfd.;. ."". M0 --RlSi' -81U 81V.
U S Rubber. .».*.. r . -.' -380". 131* * '• 13 12%
U S Rubber pfd.... 1 .100 42V, '¦ 42*4 40vt
Vfi Steel .• \.17.G00 '2.1% ' 22% •- •
IT. S\ Steel pfd..-....-. 7.300 71W 71 71*
.Western 'Union ...... 300- •- 83^5- 83% 83V4
Total faleV *.. 497.700"; ' •
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN
NEW YORK. Aug. 31.— Bond transactifcns
Vnited Railroad" of San Franlcsco, 27,000 at
$70 50, &000 at J79 25. .
NEW YORK BONDS. "
U.S ref 2s, reg.,.10fl'i L & N unl 4»..: 08%
. Do coupon 100*i Mexican Cent 4s. 73
. Do. 3s. reg; 106^ Do l$t lnc.....*17Vi
Do counnn 10GU Minn st L 4*. 97%
¦;:. : -'waBs'-fl']rmeri'-v;.Sd.ta'i'''"«aicif t :
par ;. va luc; ¦/. Ji.^35.V)06; - ¦ . United :; States '.bonds
•were .- unchanged .'..on the. last ;CsJf;- : l '¦? .'•¦'¦'/¦ .'...'¦:
yenees over -Sa'tVirday of.'one .to iwo'. points had
.become quite' numerous.' 'but' the..- last- pricss.
:of. the- d«y show very few, gains; In .excess of
a'PGlht! ¦•'• TheVJeipbiietratlpn -of strength 1 : was
evidentiy- due- largely . to concerted '.dotlon 1 . by
preferential trader*. . Uncovered bears. became,
¦.dlEcaurage'd-Jjy' the dull ¦' -resistance '¦¦ of. ; "last
week's market,.- Tf> -any' attack:. and'. the -bulUsh
traatrs -.became '.-.correi'.pondlngiy encpiirige.-f 'anil
hs.'rptp«r :fb: drive the .bears to.'cove.r.".'. i>rQf >s
sfonal : Kentimefit was .more< chterfUl .dii acc.ou H
of improved matters. in : the . "genwaF ovltlooK;
"Jtiixx- there was nothing' t.ij.shfiw ihat.-irii«id'".i>
iable outside demand;, for . stock' pla>-efl-'a-. 4»irt
'^* 1 '
jrvr.ad.ence over; the money EltuatiQn'hias he<jn
'¦¦ kre « t Iy' : incr*a sed -./a ince . 'tfee ¦:. "A i lit lraat i.aii ... -of '• t.h e
readrneES 6n the part of "Secretary "Shaw", trl-.dc-
Vpp6lt'$40,00p,p00 of money nqw^.the treasury.:
in depositary hanks'; : ¦."TJrt«'.l8>.felt':.to'.'-b«"--a.n:-..an:
fffectual- eafegilard against. / threatened '.- Violent
¦ .'ptrth.gency -in -the- money '.niarketi and/nioru! j'.
lenders '.are: decidedly ¦ less -exacting- ¦ m. their
cpridUionK for time .loans. ••* Quoted/: Pates -are
only: slightly lower. ' but ¦: the ~ strlngeiit ibrxilr
t'lons wMch have attached- tp^the ; rriiilclnjr-.'of
'¦to.a&¦^fpr.:'¦omf.''''time::p'a>tVare:.''relax'e();' •.^'hes?
Conditions were : ' prohibit I v* i-xcept :to :Iavo'rrt*
•".febrrowei-s on the part of ¦"•some "6t. '.th'e-.baiiJiB.:
-.The llmi:!* of the available ; supjpHes'-V.aye -beefr
¦-cpHsiderafciy-. extended .a'n'd -': 'with ¦""¦ the.", prifiyit
>urplus reserve : held ' by the bank's ' cQiindence
:-}ii.^:hjor;ey: : market -to. :tn*et ¦ requlreipents' uf^n
¦it. -.•• : : Ehcburajglng'..reporti» : 'ot'..rallroii tr«-(np ¦ to- :
"day. ¦•last' week's •chee.rful' itene "¦o'vej- ;the • general',
tr^ffe.; Situation ./on- .the; : :part: of. 'thevmercanxil*.
ag-enol,ea : ;ahq:.'th'e belle'f. that '-si ¦•«riaH;-':ab9'p'r r pi-Jon :
'-.of-.,.-, cecii m^ei-.. by 'Jhyesjijrsj ¦ .both :;f.orelgn'v -arid'.
"dom>'sti^..':'has. bee'n : ioing 'ph^vhad. to;, do vwUS
•.fhe ; >'tFo'.tlger •¦feeding lit the •'stock/market-.-'. -.This;
'morninjr '-much: 'Vaa' niaJe. of • JM. tran.'i'ar '.-of.
'the. -holdings .'of the. underwriting ¦ ayridicat.e -f 6r.:
"M'et'rtipoMtan: Securities. ;.'to .«tIie'r' : <l6.inlnint-.i.'n.-. ;
7t'*rests,in'."the-:iyr'pperty ::ten.dlnig .*'¦>¦¦ V-»n*61lclAte .
• the control.' ;,, Veiry'¦¦:free".'l-nfjpre.nces--'.:w.ereVdrawpt'
'•by/i-he'trade'r? .-frtfrn- : t,his.'trkTifiai : tipn of 'a c.o,n\-. ;
,-ing. cojis<>ll<Jatii3n"of all-' the-:tract.l.b'n-. and; light'-,
ing -lrtere>t>t :.in 'Greater .Ne* : 'X<irk .'• and ; in'.oiit T ;
'.lyinc territories,-; .A- cohstd'efjable ?tiniu4at'ibn' -.to.
'.the' B^LCulatlon .Is .th'r..-result-,.-:but';-heayyv.re&.!T"
: izlng 4n-Amalcarr\aied .Copper ahdth^.-infe.r'-ence
¦drawn from- thtrt of ',the-'attltu"d.e';towair<i-; : the..
fntfficct of '.-^he-. coiurollftigv (hitet-esi"-checftea'-'-tiie--
tfdranc* with: th> '.resuif ".th'at;"foliow-e(l;V. >The -
'.'inar^et . : :berame ' alinost • s.taijnknt ¦ in: .'the ;la*tter
stages,';. _ bu't. -'-^lotoed :; heavy:: '. .'Sofhe- -":buyl'his.-'/flr.-
Lortdbri' Sccourit . :'w-h>ch" '. wis --T. large, :-:ipf.- -fErle
J>Hp«M'- the tarly. ailvahce.:.- Reatjing'.-ifung "back;
¦en: accqiintfrf utterances .jut-ribuitedftb -the ex- 1
VcutiVe • head : of the; 's}'Aem";'p,oiht]in(f/ to .an ¦¦ ac-
cu*hula(ioh. of.'sfc.ani: * li-t »*tnr>ctte knd a'po^i--:
reible Icurtai-ljrien.t. :of .'the-, produrti^'n-' in> cb'nse
quence, :?t: -Paul: was ?.the leader in the; ..rail- :
road ; '.l i st; : tth.d- ehjoy.pd" ao '.extreme:- aayance^pf-'
t wo.-. faints': '¦'-. /The ;strength ' i irt : :'the'co,rn- market.'
and' roiwrts:; . of .'-un>.ea£uriablc|'- temperature ' had .
thplf ¦:infra'«!hr.es :on the fraction in stock's., ow'in?'
to :-tn«. fm'port.aTice. now. pli-cfed: to the -outcome
:»f.th» co.rnxcpD.,- .'/:¦:¦ .-"-;. •' ¦; ..- ¦:¦•¦. "•-.-; ¦¦.•-:.¦¦..-":
¦. A .car- of. Western" Poultry was on sale and"
cleaned up readily at good prices and another
car was' reported cloee -at hand and. scheduled
for., to-day's • market." Receipts- of .domestic
were very light and- prices stood as previously
quoted. • Game was- la light but ample supply.,
and good stock found. prompt. sale 'at previous
prices: -.'¦•' '¦' -. • I . • • ¦ •¦-..-. - •
POULTRY-^-Llve Turkeys',- nominal; Geese.'
per pair, $1 25@1'50l Goslings. $1.50@175;
Ducks, - $3^4. "'per doaen for old and $3@>4 50
tor young; Hens, • ¦$4@5 60: -.young -Roosters,
$500.60; old Roosters, $4 50@5; Fryers. $3 50®
4;..BrolJers. .$2 "50«|3 50 for. large- and.$2@2-50
for- small: -Pigeons $1 £0 per dozen for old and
Jl 6O«il 75 -for Squabs: -' : ¦ : .. .'.¦••-:¦ -.' ;:-.- ;
GAME— Rabbits, . Jl .25@1. t5 . . per dozen.;
Hare.: $f#l. 23; Wild Doves, B0£ per doze.n. . -
Poultry and- Game.
•COAXr-^Welllngton. $8 per • ton; New Wel
lington. $S; SeatMe,.$8 SO; Bryant. $6 50 7 Bea.
-ver Hill. $5 ; -60-. Stanford. <7; Rorflyn. $7; C009
Bay. $5 50; Greta, $7; Wallsend, $£ Richi
monil, $_7 50; Cumberland, $13 in bulk and
$14 25 In sack?: Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13;
Welsh • L'ump, $11 CO; CarineL $8 60 per ton:
•C.okc, ¦ $11 50® 13 per ton . In bulk and $16 in
sacks; Rocky -Mountain descriptions. $8 45 per
.2000 lbs. and $8*50 per ton; according tq'brand.
. ; piL — Linseed, 44c •for boiled and 42c for raw
in barrels; cases, 5o more ;.* Castor Oil, In case*.
No, 1. 70c;'Bakers' AA, $l*10t@l 12? Lucol. 41o
for boiled and 39c for raw in ¦barrels;. Lard Oil;
extra -winter strained, barrels, 90c; cases', 95c;
China -Nut. 57%@62c per gallon; pure Neats
•foot. in barrels, 75c;. cases, -80c; Sperm, - pure.
70c; Whale -Oil. natural white. 60055c pej-.gal
'lon; Fish Oil, in 'barrels. '45c; -cases. '6Oc- 'Co..
coamit" Oil. in barrels, 6So- for. Ceylon .-and' S5tf
for -Australian. * . . . ' ' .. -
• COAL OIL — Water White -Coal Cfll in. bulk
14c; Pearl. Oil .in cases. 20^c: Astral. - 2»%c;
Star. 20^c; Extra Stax, 2,4^ci Elaine,- 28*acs
'Eocene; . 23\4c; deWorized •- StoVe ¦Gasoline, in
bulk; 1.7c;.- jri : cages.. 23%'c:.- Benzine,, .in trulk'.-
I3c; ¦lii.cases.-. 19»/4c: S.u-degree' .Gasoline; •'. la
bu!k'.2lc: in. cases,. 27%c- V '•.•,'.¦-..;,¦ ..-.
.'• TURPENTIN'Er-78c: per ; gailoX In. cases and
72c- in. drums a.nd iron ..•:.." .-.'-. : .
• REtr -AND~wHlTE LEAD— Red "Lead. .6a
e^cVper; lb4.Whne tead..;6@6^'ci agcArdln'r to
•quantity.- •-.'•-.;¦;¦• : -'..'- •"-.'. ¦¦'¦:¦.¦:¦ '¦¦'¦ \ ¦-. •- •
vSt'XJARi-TThe.. Western, Sugar'.Refmlng Comi
piny. quotes- ti3:f? >llow »--' - Pe.t."lb'.' ln--100~lb'feag$:'
'CUtes,. :A .Cri3shed--,a-nd -,Fine -..Crushed; '¦ -'5.75c;
•PpvideYf'd: -S.COc; Candjt ..Gramilated.'«;60ci Dry:
: GranyJat6d.:; fine/. 5,S0e;- Pry Grtjiul^ted. <oars«' •
5 5ftc: -Fryjt Granulated. '5.50c; Beet CJrahul'at
er.'aOOilfe. i>&gs:?rfy);}S'lte::CoTiifctlbneTtf-.X : i
"6.'50cj. '.Magnolia ''A^ie.lOc^'Extra.iC, 6ci: G61den
d t4.fi'Qc': ••>DV--.4..«>c-:. barrels.; 10c rhore;' hair
barrels. ,:25g -more": boxes^-.-.jEtOo-'hiore^-'SO^Ib-ba'gs^
luc-more •'.- to* -all."kands...TabIe,ts-^Halt; barrels
Be,' '-. bqxes; 6:25<S- per- lb-v-No-QMeri ; Uken ! f6r
less than-'S 1 barrels: or- -.its.-eqiiivaleht.- W '¦.¦ ¦-¦ -
BAGS — Grain Bags. 5@5V4e;".San Quentln,
6.55c; Wool Bags w 32G35c; Fleece Twine. 7HO
"8c; Cotton'Frult Bags,*.6Hc, 6%c and 7Vlc 1for
the three "grades; Brown Jute, "8%@7%c.
General Merchandise:'.
NEW YORK;.- Aug. 31.^-Tin -declined sharply
Jin London, spot there losing 17s 6d and
closing at £123 15s.- : . while- futures .' were • £1
10s lpwer at. £121 15s.' Iipcally, influenced by
the weakness, abroad . : and f.reef oft-rlnirs, "tin
Was also easier;- closing a t 520 -75® 27.
Copper was hlghe'r 'ln-'L'pnaon, -spot .advanc
ing IBs' to £59, 'and- futures 7s fid tp £58 5«.
.Locally copper was' q"u!e,t-'-and unchanged.-
Lake is held at $13 7fi@13.S7te; electrolytic at
$13 (J2W@13.75. anil casting .at. *13'87tyei3 50.
-. Lead advanced ls--.7d:iri L»ndon - to £11. '3s 9d
and was also firmer here.. -doting at $4 30. ..
• Spelter- declined '2s Cd lri London." to £21 2s
Cd,. .but'remained';nrm in:Njew"-Yark- itt ?3J •
' Mrbn' closed •' at .Sl's'Od-.lh -Olasrow Vahd^. iGa
10%d iri-Mlddlesboro. -.'Ih'New. York ; irbn was
quiet and- nominally unchanged. ;. No? 1-. foundry
(northern) .• is -quoted/ :at'- $17. 50@18; No.- '£
fpundry. (northern:) .at \$-i« 50/@'17;'.N'o.. :; l.soilfh
ern and JKOi.l." foundry, ¦.softv. at .$15-'50S16.75. : -
Ne'zv. York Metal Market.
CHICAGO, Aug. 31.-rCATTLE— Jlecelpts.
19,000; Western, 15c higher; good to prime
steers, M 40©6 10;-. poor, io medium. $4 159
4 25;>stbckcrs and feeders. $2 S0@4 25; cows,
tl 60© 4- 6«>;- heifers," *2 25@4 80; "canners.
$1 50®2 70; bulls. $2®4 35- calves, $3 SOge 75.
Texas fed steers. -S3 25@5 80; Western steers,
$3.25^4 25. ' • . . •
HOGS— Receipts to-da>', 52,000: ¦ to-mofrow,
25,000; steady; closed' well: mixed and-butch
ers, |5 7005 90;. good, to choice heavy, $5 40®
6 70; rough heavy. $5^5 35; Ught.'fS 40<S6 10;
bulk of sajes, $S 25i©5 60. . * .. -
SHEEP — Receipts,', 24,000: sheep, 10c to 20c
higher; good, to choice wethers, $3. 10®3 85.;
fair to choice- mixed.- -T- 25®-3; Western sheep,
$2 76(g5.10; native lambs, ?4@5.10. . . '
t .' . • " .- ••¦ : '—- —^
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
y'Lpc'ai'bank eit^j&g^^ I ¦'¦:. '/'
•>^^7p; York. Mocks r^m'0j^^)iig^^^^Py^M - ' '£. '• J M?: V:. ¦'¦ "jV"
• Local' securities open zrith fair activity.
' Silver advances sharply. Exchange unchanged.
• • Whidt.and Barley futures lower, but cash grain wujumged.
• Wore. Western Corn in. Oats and Rye unchanged.
% 'Sraii- Shoots and ; .. '
¦'¦^Xezv crdfi fceanstomyig-in dai^
Cticcsc aiidE^s^qitiicd ¦;• ;.
\<4S T v .change 'in the Provisioii situation^
?\ -Hops vcrviirm
\2 ''Cattle,- sheep and Hog^iti^ (;
•¦ -^ River^Potatoes :n iibei^l::yupplyand <zasy.: : : :;';:.> :^%. V •:'¦• . V ; . . -
¦U ¦Onions -and '¦: tfcgttabiei rrpntiiiue to arrive freely.. _•;, ¦ : ; : 'L' . .• ¦-, ' : : ¦¦.;- : • / ;
; d;Wesf&n Poihiry st}lirigreri4ily at fairfrie(x:.:/- : v.:^~:y<;:)- '¦¦: ; : .; •; •
£*t'£)ji>fy£d^ at aboui- previdui i pr;ices. )¦¦¦¦
• .'{.Lepwni ftitiJJJiinH'in demand arid -the latter ¦higher,/ :}/ ..^ ':_ S- ¦'¦:: v^.-
.'. /• . LIVERPOOL.- ' .-
Wheat—- ' • • . Sept.- .Oct. ¦ Dec.
Opening ......'....; 0 6% .86%.. 6 Oft
Closing. I.... ;..¦• C 5?4 'C6U • 0 6%
. ¦ • •••'¦ ¦ ••:'.- PARIS. : • ...
¦ Wheats ' . • •,-.Aug. • N»v.-Feb;
Opening .....'....: .....:. 20 25 • 2045
.Closing . , ; . . . .--. . . .' . , .;. ••• , 20 20 . 20 «5 -.'
Flour 1 — •••.•• •.¦..-'-•• ' •'. . .:
Ope-nlng ......:........:..•• 23 25 . 27 60
Ooslng • . . .'.,•;.; .V.-.r.i-. ...''. • .23- 50 . • 27 .70- .
Foreign Futures.
Do new 4s. reg.138% M. K & T 4s.... 97
?<> coupon 134 Do 2ds 78
R° old 4s ' r **- 1 08i4 N Y Cen,gen '6V». 05»4"
Docoupon .....109fc N J Cen gen 6s. 127^
. Do Bs, reg iGl£ Northern Pac 4s. 1.00%
Docoupon 101H Do 8a /70%
Atchison gen 4s. 99% N. & W con 4s... '97.
w«T? 89 '* Reading gen, 4s... 34%
a iV- ht0 *¦•• °°** S * L & I M con 5s.ll0%
£° 3Hs «2^ St L & SF 4s:. 92 *
-Do cony 4i..;. 9tf • St L S W lsts;.. 04%
Can Southern 2ds. 107 Do 2ds 72$ '
Cen tral of Ga 6s.l04-tf S A & A-P 4s../.- 78
0 2 s Xw inc "-" 74 Southern Pac 4a. 80 '
Ches &.Ohlo 4US.103 Southern Ry 5s. .113 "4
Chi •& Alton 3H»- 73H Texas & Pac Iats..ll4#
C. B & Q new 4s 93% T. St L & W 4s. 72
£• » M t SlP ¦R e n"*«-W3 Union Pacific 4s. 09%
C & N W con 78.131 Do qpnv 4s.:.. O4»5 I
C. R I & P 4s... 100 lWabash lsts ..:.114Vi
CCC&St L gen 4s 06 ' D» 2ds i\ 105
Chicago Term 4s. 73- Do deb B .... C0?i
Colo & South 4s. 83 ?4 West; Shore 4s... 109^
¦ Den & Rio G 4s. . OS^i Wheel & L E 4s. . 01
Erie prior Hen 4s. 96 Vi Wisconsin Cent 4s M>vi
' Do gen 4s K-J Con Tob 4a... ..: 57'i
Ft.W & D C lsts.lO3H Colorado Fuel .. 7S'^
Hocking Val 4^8.104 Manhattan 4s ...101^
Pennsylvania ; .". 05% .U S Steel ....... 79V4
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS. .
Alice > 1... 10 Ontario 0 00
Breece . ........1 05 Ophlr- 1 45
Brunswick Con... .05 ' Phoenix offered.' 08
Comstock Tunnel 07 % Potosl asset paid 20
Con.Cal & Va..l 25 Savage •... 17 '
¦ Horn Silver:..,-. -1 O0 Sftrra Nevada..- CS
Iron Silver . ,..1 50 . fimall Hopes .' .. 20
Ltadville Con ¦¦. .• - 02 Standard .-.¦; . . . . ;1 75 .
: Little . Chie;f '.:•.:• 06.. • •• •-....
;.:'¦ •-. ¦_. BOSTON STOCKS AXT> BONDS. '
'•. -Mdhey^i . -...'. .' : : '.•(Westihghse 'cum.. -81
Call loans 4 @5 ¦ Mining— ' .i. • '.
•Time, loans. -..•.¦¦.. 5»4@«J Adventure- '.'..: ... 6;
: ' Bonds— r '•• '.••'•.-•¦•¦ .. Allduez. : ¦' 5j£
•Atchlson .4s ':.'.; .'. -97 ; Amalgamated . I .,' 49>,
.. .Railroads r 1 -. ".-: ¦ "". Daly West ....•;. .39V4
Atchison! ....,..: 64^4 Blngliam .'1-...... 23^'.
'. Do-pfd , ......... 90^' Calu'mef & Hecla. 480..
Boston ; & Albany .'249 • Centennial .. .-...'.. 20si
' 'Boston .&¦ Maljie.-148--. Copper .Range "•:. 65%
. .ifi.Y'.K H.A H.~.J95 : Dominloir Coal- .'. 12^
Fitchburg pfd" ...130 FranWln . . : . ,-..« .8%
;-."Unlbrj". Pacific i. . t6\ isle •' Royale- ..: *. • TU :
i 'Mexican. Central'. .14^ Mohawk' .:..•.... 43 .
.Mlscellan:ec'US^- : ; •. Parrot..' ¦::'. -•..•".••>. 212 . •
American.' Sugars l.ljlH' Quincy.' iVV.-V-'r-'A' 9.^4
• ' Do.pfil ; ". ¦.',:".¦.. .-,'119 ••¦ Santa; $>-'' Copper> ¦• I; 1 ,*-
Amer .Tel > : Tel..i3»^ Tamarack V. : L.;10() .
.Dpni 1 & Steel .; ; 19 ' . Trinity v. .¦ . ' ; : ,'. ;..•'.. T^.
« General ElectricV . «4 v ' ITpltea ¦¦'. State's; .:. v 2() Vk/
;vMass Electric :;V: ; 21^ 'm!ah,";. : ::.;i.-;-i.;-Vvu-'. : 28 :
:. •-. Dprvpfd ;.:.-.:--'. :-. : .:-S0-,.; Victoria ¦¦;.¦. :.:..-. . ..¦ '.3%
United , F>wlt; i. : -,y:95.^ AVlhoha . .¦¦..;•.".. .¦ .'¦$%'
'¦¦ U:.S.- St#e.i;. ¦:;.•>:. .:23-,:-.- ¦W-olwrlneft-v;-..^ /,' Wy,
¦ K ; .D0.Vprd". ;.;.'.> .:'.-».?;¦ 71"-:.' ':'.-¦:¦; .'•.¦•-¦¦,•¦.»'•'. /-¦'*"¦.•¦• : "- •..:-•¦¦ : '
¦•.;•;,¦ ; :;; : ¦:,; ;L0N : nbx -^losing '--STOciKS.^ ':.¦¦¦ ''V; : ;,
Coins i for 7mofley.-90.' : SI>ii,-Nr if: Ceniral- >' 4 .wl23 ••
Con :for ¦acc<)unt.'9P T v.. Norfolk .&:'VVest-.
Anacionaa -.-. ..".¦;'; ;; ''¦{ 'Do Vpitd. . .-. i'v: v.; 90%:
Atchisoh- :.-.y ;.;;,.; 4«t» Ontario' & West... 25: :
¦. Do-.-pf d '¦-. . '. ; .-;'. -.'. 93 %. : | Pennsylvania.'' •» :¦: '. V 64 %
Bait at Ohio ¦..;¦.;. i U<3»»- Rand . Mines ¦ . . '. .'X9M :
-Canadian raclfic:.12>i ;; •.Readlrig-';.i'.-v;\i.>-.v 2S?4.;;
Ches»p .&. Ohio, . i. 35% --.rDo 1st .nrd '• ; ., ;.:.: 40.^ :' :
Chicagpr.G: .Ay:.:...' : 17^- ;• Do 2d pfd . J.. ... 35 ¦¦; -••
-C.hiVMii&.St P:>147. : Southern -Ry: ;.'.•;', v;2t ¦ \. -•
¦DeBeers: ,!: :,: f^:-Hq'%\-- D>;pfd,; :;.i,'..i.; ;87.H ; ;
Denver A Ul G. : . . : 26^. Southern Pacific: . 47% .
-:''Dp^.p.fd:V.'l /.-..:¦: MVi :Hih.l,on :Pacifid V.iV.;r8;%:
•Erie. ...^,':-.:.i .":•.'. 31%' ; :I)O-"pfd ; 8~7%
:;'D&:;i8t;/pfd:-.::,V ¦«»}<(• .K'fi. Steel ¦¦¦.¦¦.¦•.;. •;V.--"23.%-.'
: - D&-5d- bM :,•;','•: ¦¦.'¦•54 «i'.'"-M>.Q" : -Pf,d"- '•¦•'• •'¦•Vi' ; 73ii':
• Iliinois Central v i .:l;n.ai Wabiish :.:;. '."..' . '. .'. '22)4
LjMiig. &' : Nl*h..^:109- : -Do bid Wi .'Wv,-; '37.' "
•.Md'Kan;:*; v .TciV'.>^21;' }.:¦': ••.•;.•...'•;•: .^:-': ': : -. ¦):¦.:[:} y.
-^<^ i rrs'iIyer;'i¦|di^ 1^jlKd'¦im^iBtUej^lajMiii^-¦'
-lW&W- ber cent:.- the-.-ra'Ut <?t .aueburii;lh'
the. pt^rinaiii.etror'fhort 'bills::!* 2.l3VltJ@2% ;
.per.'ce:ht/ and:.' for; three- ' month's* .'• bills l8':2%@'
2 : ;i5->ii-^et;t?nt.. £r^C\'J..<?-V.l'-'r\ : ' a :; - ";' : -'
SUMMARY ¦ pF\THE^MARKETS.
' Tfie following quotations- are for rood, 'sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 60'
per cent shrinkage for 'Cattle: .••..*.
CATTLE — Steers, 6©ttc; Cows and Hejfers;
7©8c; thin Cows, 4@5c.per lb. . . . '
.CALVES— 4C5tfe per lb (gross weight). .-
SHEEP— Wethers. 4c; Ewes, 3&©3%0 per. lb
(gross .weight). ... " . • ¦ * •„'/•.*"
LA.MBS— $2 75©3 per head. ' ¦ . •' •
HOGS — Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs.- 6c; under
140 lbs, 6%®5%c; Sows. 20 per cent off; Boars.
60 per cent off. and Stags. 40 per cent* oft. from
above quotations. • .
No further change In Hogs is "reported.
There are enough coming In to satisfy * the
demand. • ..-.*"
• DRESSED •MEATS.* * .' " " ° .
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: • ¦ • • • *
BEEF — ti@7c /or Steers and 6©3o .per 1b
for Cows.
VEAL — Large. 7® 8c; *ma«I, 9910c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8®S^c; Ejves, 8c per lb,
LAMB— 9©10c per lb. . -. ¦>*¦'¦,"
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 8*4©9»i<i per rib. "
LIVESTOCK M ARKETl \ ','¦
Meat Market.
; Prices of most descriptions of I vegetables
I stood about as previously quoted, receipts be r
ing liberal and the demand fair. Prices of
Tomatoes were . a little; .firmer, although the
market' was still well ' supplied and easy. Some
choice, lots of. bay eold in a.' small way over
the quotations. .Choice preen Corn.w.as some
.what scarce and .steady," while poor stock was
abundant and dull. Lima Beans were In free-'
supply .and easy. String- and Wax Beana were
Hi merunden : light- receipts. •• The other, vege
tables were unchanged..- • .-•*••
¦ .pOTA'i'O.fc>— "UurbunkK- from ri.v«r. 80c©
$1' per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $1 25@1 60 per
ctl; Early Rose, nominal; Sweet Potatoes," 1%
•@2c per lb. " . . ; . .
• . ONIONS-r-5C@65cper ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green j Corn, • 7*ic@$l 50 per
; sack; crates from Alameda. $1@1 50; from.
Berkeley,. U5c@$l; Green Peas.- 3@4c per lb;
String Beans,' 2#3c per lb; Wax, 2@3e;. Urn*
'•Beans. -?1 per sack; "Bpmatoes. 30® 50c per box
for -river: arid 35<g65c for bay; Summer
Squash,' 30tf40c per box; Cabbage. 75c©«l
per ctl; Carrots. 76c@$l per sack; Cucumbers,
25@40c per box; Pickle 'Cucumbers, $1 50 per
box for No" 1, 75®90c for No. 2 and 50@65c per
No. 3; Garlic, 2@3c per. lb; Green Peppers, 25® 1
•40c per box or sack: Green Okra, 25@35o-per
• box; Egg Plant, 40®50c "per box; Marrowfat
'Squash. $10@I2 per ton.' * '¦ ¦ • "
Stocks of river Potatoes -were heavy and al
though the dynand was fair, the market was
easy at about previous prices. Occasional lots
of strictly fancy continued to command a small
premium over the. quotations, particularly
'fancy offerings In boxes. Salinas Burbanks
were plentiful and -quiet. Sweets were in fjee
supply, with the top quotation . an e'xtreme
price-. for the' very best offerings. Onions. were
unchanged, 'Fancy stock was fairly steady,
whllecommon and inferior offerings were dull.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables'.
12c; Foothill, I0@12c; Middle County. Ilfel3c.
Quotations for spring clip are as follow*: Hum
boldt and Mendodno. 18620c; Nevada. 13®15c;
Valley Oregon, fine, lS@19c; do. medium, 179
18c; do, coarse. lU@17c per lb.
HOPS— 22Q23c per lb for both 1902 and 1903.
per lb; Millet, 3©3 He; Broom Corn Seed, $209
23 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green. (1 80<32 per ctl. ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1903.
shoulders (boxed), -6%®7c; clover, contract
grade. ?9 75. ¦. ' -. V
. Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbl 23.704 17,125
Wheat, bu ." 120.150 31,370
Corn. bu. ...'..:..'. 418,700 840,840
Oats.. bu". .....;..' .'.. 210.550 84,156
Rye, bu _ 2,830
Barley, bu ..*.. ¦ -• 27,500 : ..../„.
On the "Produce .Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries. 14@18c; dairy,
13@17c. •¦•Cheese, 1 steady; 9%"@ll-%c.- Eggs,
firm; 14M017MC "-''¦ ¦ '. ... ' ¦ ¦
ST0QK; MARKET.
THE COAST RECORD
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION SALES
SPEQAL AUCTION SALE. *fc>
ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 32T SIXTH.
WEDNESDAY. Sept. 2. at 11 a. m— On ac-
count of ill health I will sen. by order of M.
MA THEWS. 4. good horses. 1 square fronc
hack, 1 3-sprlnr wagon, 2 sets of hack har-
ness, 2 sets of buggy harness, also 1 rock or
sand wagon and 2 big horses and heavy har-* *
nesfs. Also. 40 head of all-purpos* horses and
mares. Everything sold must to as repr*-
.sented or money returned.
* JOHN J. DOTUC. Auction— t. *
fe- i * fe • • fe
o AUCTION SALS. TUESDAY. Sept. 1. 11 "•
a. m., at .1140 Folsom st, of wagons, camping
outfits, carts, rubber-tire buggies and surreys.
find also 40 sets of sincle and double harness
ahd 25* head of •all-purpose horses. •12
THE. SAN FEANCISCO CALL,. TUESDAY, / SEPTEMBER, 1, 1903.
RoPm 37.
' HELP • WAiilTEll^-FBM A^ L ' E ' r r! E ?**.v _
WANTED to-day— 2 good cooks for country- hi>-'
' tels, $40-.2cooks for institution, $40; cook for
": American, family of 3, towels to wash,: $35.
S-and-.secpnd girl, same house, $25; 14 .Germain
and Scandinavian cPoks, $30- . and $35; Prat-.
class laundress, $35; 24 ' girt* . for housework
• for.hlce city- pjac.es; . $25 and i $30;. 18 .nice
• 'pjlacea ; for hbusewprU.iri .oouritry towns. - $25
and $30; -S-. second. K 'lrl8, . $25..: arid • $3Q;- 4
;.Tiurses,..?25: ahd/$^.^\CvVatt.re«B*B> : 4tot-'!cUy
"arid : ' 'country'.' hotel*.'. .*Z*i: diet cook, $30; .8.
i'i:aeani'stj«8ses;.-$l'0; ; aridJ>''$i*t>'ar;we*kf;;Germanr
;. chambermaid 'arid •'seamstress; :;no"..Wiiitlng,
. :525jV)C w'aitresse-j for. restaurant,-- $8^*. Week:
: .' 4- ¦PrPtestant' coolis: ; fb.r' fajnillee;. $3o^. chain-
'-. '-' birm'a'id-: and: waitress,. \fainily;. hotel;; .,.$25;
: copfc, 1 small- re^aurant> Country.: $35^ wprkiriK
•'.hotel: hoyspkeepeir:.: $:J0 y : anil <a:: grea;t- many
V cither sllua'tlpris;- too, many. Un -advertise: call
' ..fcndVisee us foir. a g^d.'sitii.aUon.;..-.'^.;.'F;_:..qilO.-'.'
:•> sett .&;-c.o;.. 334: setter. st.. ¦:-.- ¦<¦¦. ',.¦;..,; ;yy^^.
A : ftpU^E giriv/San- Rafael;; ,.$3QY:;6;c6pks r v$30
: each; cpok and !ie;ceridjcirl..sanie:.lipuse. $30
- • and:. $25-J G -""serorirl ¦¦¦•¦g'irN-''.$.25k"-'.each- 3 Kouse>
•' • Keeper. :$20- wdnian -with"- a child. ":$2O- lauri-:
/ dre»s ; . $25; 'iMRS, NORTON. 313 Satterist,.
'A-^r WANTED;: glrli i-;'to" .''learn: ; hairdresi, ;<mahl.-
fcure; etc.:- trsde taught, from. . A. , tp. Z in ~-2-
weeks; $5 to'-.thpse. enterlri-j. how; 3 positions
:• to; flU" immediately :. positions guaranteedvat
; ; $10.per' week -UPi leading school m. West. 233
. .:.V.Geary ;. st. ; : .'roonj: 13; .;:• ¦>' : ':;.. ¦¦..'.,'.;.'•, .¦' :,"¦.. .V.'"' r ' : >.
MIDDLE-AGED wpriien ito - : sew buttons .on
shirts .1 by ; hirid: - steady .worki -. LEVi
.' .^TRAtJSS -*'. CQv 30^ Fremont at; ', taka ele : ;
'.- -. yatpr.;-' see; Mr.;'- Herishaw, .'.'/.-.v.-'V - : ¦'.-;•.•;'•.'¦'.;¦.•;- .\.w
WPMPN-.' and'' gifis '/.wanted .", \o ¦¦work' on- •fruit 1
¦ • and ; cannl-ig;- steady: ywbrk;; . «Jj1ghe?t:- wages. 1
Apply - California : Canneries •:. Coi. 'Brahnan
.;. St., ; between 1 . Third : and ; ;Fourth..; ¦.,-¦¦/.¦ '. : ': : >:]r
SEWING "MACklNE bPERAT0iis.A''ND RlV^:
' -.ET 'ERS '; ¦-.- NO EXPERlENeE ! NECESSARY g
•PAID" SALARYv LEV I STRAUSS.: ft'.'OO.'S
: -KAGfORtES;.32Vi EREM.QS"t. ; ST-..VAND. 1873.
;. M1S$ION,V-NEA.Rv.FIFTEEN'TH; .•';»•;>- :.-\^l
.¦\V ; .qirEN'.andi'gir)s':-';tpV: work 'pit :' fruit* .s'ieady'
-/-¦employment:- day.arid piece-work.;-: -hiffheat
;¦ wa*e?r. -. CppEyPORt^ppD CANNING Cp.V
.¦^iBryaritVand^Tenthc';;; : T 1 .- ; :' '.:':;. ¦"¦¦ • ¦¦/ f' ¦;' ,:.r ¦ .';¦
;: 5TE : N0GRA : PH-'Eft.'. : -mu'st-'b^"flrt't; : .clai»);'-bp6k^
1 ' 'keeper;' ;.ap'r'ly,- : ,.fn;r handwriting' only;, excepr.
J '¦ tloriai-.i-effi- req. ; sttlapy; .tlOO;. also, graduate,
:..'.-¦ •^a.: i co'll"eg^,'-ye'i!i-;"'i ; ecom'dedl.. Box.-. 2470,.Cair;;
.- LA t)Y . f or ' 'rrianjfcurtrig 1 ' -arid f hair.' 'dressing ."-.de--:
¦ - ; •p^rt.hjerit:: ..ipust".'-.'ha.ve.^ had. •• practical-' :-cx-pe--
¦'• - f.iente; -• Apply'.. Superlntendenf-i -;Offlce;. ;Th.e.
.^EmpofltinT. .:.";;'.: f . t\." r.'-'..*;'-.'^ v - '¦'•':'¦ '¦: ''¦ ¦'¦ '".'¦/ _' %'¦'::'-''
¦ G Ift L rfor. ijferieraj ' housekeeping -and •c'ooki'ha;;.'',
; : ';noV ?ylridpyi cleaning^. flVe..." : gfo^wn"
;;\yagp8./?2 : j::;/l'3p3;Octavla;;gt; •';'.>
.. vcc^ifins ;l 4 ndijltB':'- small washing, r GalJ '9'. tp :
[_' /}%.: 2*t9~. Webster: *SC\J.\'--'.- : ..'\"- >r.'-?:^~-': ;¦¦'¦':¦¦'¦ !'
: W A'NTE {?'J_.Thjt>ro.i?'i r .nl Y . '; 'experienced i* salesiaay:
'.:. :tpV takV.'bbirge- .'.'ot.'.'-ye'UIng : . VdepartmJentv
'¦'¦ ; BARKIS.' BRQg.^ , J220 -Markex >t^ ;":".-;:V.;^ ."¦>' ''.-
¦ r ANTE tf-iA girl .for" 'hoijs? work • artd .cbpk'i tig \
; : waftV.s' $ > jr);:;iefex*t}ces:'.;vl«34/Fell:: ftt i ..;',c"ar
: v;fare::na[(d;x.:;.. y' ~:-\ ¦"';'i l : > : '•¦.•..'¦-.; ¦,..y .¦¦P : -'./:''.'-'.;'-.''?:^..
E XRE pipNCED' -Milcsla;dJ«.':\Triuat .; h»\:e ; gPpd
. . .' refer*! n <<-«<. ; '< A p pi y ';Th'e;:. Gaj mo-jse"; ¦ 101 'Post st.'-
: vWANT'E EfcS '-gaind :f»w.irig..-machin.e /opera tors';
:A;:.'.e*^;erfrnc;eii' : pr>terted.',;G^ir
VjCHJtli '. fbri fcook.ln'g'. and'-geheial.: hpiisewprk ; ; <-3:
.yinVfarnlTy:^ ¦an'njy.'tiC 1 423 : ;p«lty.y.;-..; J -;'v. i --,':.
TEipiA5?ENT;; businessrpOsitibh/fpr' a mature
.^np-c,:248l^ Call; pfflce.'^;.J ¦; r^. v _.;
ApPRftNtieES -an(J .{makeVi .for' trimmLng.;de-
H.at.;po r; '.57S'''MlsslQn st.
;^^NT.Cp#A>-flrsi*1-ass : ; .:wyitres3
;; ¦gPn'.'*Ui-.':\vagcs.' $5;a't wgek.11 ~_ ':'. _ >-.. ¦¦';;'V 1^
OPER^'TORJs; Q"n" la^es.'. -.undSrweaT..'..;.^!! ARKS.
¦;-BROs;; .lyjOjAIarite^tt'..;.'-.'.'-^-.-.-; ; ¦'?; . -yg'.t."
WAN^p^G : lri-.io..^care;forv;babyi"- k'ood .'hbm'e>
y- ;i427. :^ugh : ;st; ;;>;; •.•;.'.>..'. ; -." -. T . -.''•¦•.- -S' j\ ¦/¦ ¦¦¦
Ar-PRENTlcls-Vnd; 'flrjrt-cl.ass 'maker;.' waht-ed"
•V;.i;h'.'(iblU\nj^:'.*tqre.>t : '?3i>2 .Mt:Ajllstftiy:8t,%.-;; ,
(.*^tii&'-friai&t$-'tqt! '' H *&'J'%«fy''J*?."fft*^h' 1**?
;;¦ ;w:feV!;; ;<:^ ;S5ptbftd . at. -,--. •%•¦¦•'*.'; '^."'- : J-" ¦¦¦'¦'.'¦;¦"¦'.'¦ *.-'-'';
:^r'oiiS5f5:-l*dy : ;o1 ;''»x.tef4'eVce;Joy;o'fflce:^aa8i»Wii.ti :
;• vB^-t?-ji^;-\;oaK:q^c^'".'-.;: ; '--. : ' ; :v'v:-: -.¦• '•".-¦'<•
SsTRON^^rJ'-'" JtoTr! -S«rfi?*i" : hbuse'worit; ; 'w^g?*
•V : $2S.-;'.;27 ; i.g..-FO,l"Bbni-tt.''. •;¦•-"-.••.• '; •" t-V!-- . \- /*.-¦"-•
"•NE'A-t:-Wp.nikh Jo-iio. fjihorf . ordej" 'cfloklpit/ in
; .coffee'; :i)gi-lor_ "4^7 LarK'n '.-jt.' ' : "r.-' '¦: .-; .--..¦ '
'WAN.t ilJt-Neat girl to as'sist-jn a- conf ectjonr
• '.-ery-r'tti're. -'130iB,Pork. ft. •" . ".'¦"• ..•*,- "'.
A LADY. of indomitable energy to make money
' and- a "fccnvlndng talker. F. PERSON. 4i?
• and 478.: Parrott. building. .• . '. :
TAILORESS as- pants flnl-iher and apprentice.'
SHI KgarnV. ».. room-'17. top floo.r. ;¦ ;
• GIRL-'jfor-Brtiall.' family. ,1053 Market at... VP-
• -stajrs.-; .-• - : • • •• ' . ¦ • ' •
YOUNG woman as chambermaid and' -wait at
" .tahle..".. .Globe .Hotel, lllff Br6adway, Oakland.
TT\'O" experienced waitresses- wanted-. 20 Third
street. • /. .• . " ." '• '.''*•
WANTED— Waitress; .short order..- Hotel. Re*
giha*. 416 Turk 8t. '
TALENTED amateur performefi. Apply ',a<
Chutes 0 p. m: Wednesday: salary no object,
WANTED— Pants operators;- union workshop;
union wages.- Apply 27 Geary »t. S. N.
WOOD &- CO. ' ~ ' •* .
GIRLS-About IB, for- factory work; Kp™-'
wages; apply at once. AMES.— HAKKio.
100. .Sacramento «t. ,. . •
EXPERIENCED operators "a-nd learners on
. muslin underwear. G. W- REYNOLDS CO.,
K>5-507 Mission -at. . ' •
ITALIAN, lady who can speak English wanted
to' travel 1 . Apply Girls' Directory. Central
ave. and Waller »t. . _____
.WANT«D-«-Girl- for. light housework; wasea
$12.. .Call •mornings. 3824 Army st.
WANTED— 2 ladles to travel with Mingling'*
• n?*uat* bo stout. Box 2430.
LApY agen"t»'o'n salary. Call'9 to ». office 59.
•' Columbian building. Cl« Market 8t.
. A BRANCH.ofSce for Call advertlsemtnts and
,. subscriptions has been established at 10wJ
Valencia st.
• •¦-"¦¦ HELP AVAXTEP— MALE^
A^FmST^CLASS butler, $50; a butler for city
' place, S45; a coachman for. city place, $40;
Teferences necessary.- MISS PLUNKKTT,
425 Suttcr St.. near PoweljL . ' ..
A MAN and wife as cook and helper -on a
ranch; wages $50. MISS PLCNKETT. 425
Sutler *st., near Powell. ' ¦
A WELL-GROWN boy to clean doctor's office
and answer bells; must bring- references:
wages $20 per month. MISS PLUNKETT,
425 Sutter St., near Powell. ¦ .-'
TRY our men'* shoes.' union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoe* at $2 50: we pay
express or mall chgs. 11 Third st.. Exam, bid.
FIRST-CLASS salesman ' for ¦ jewelry store;
state experience; reference: salary expected,
etc. Address Box 1701.: Call office.
FIRST-CLASS 'cutter and tailor for country
:» town: steady. work. Call BELASCO & HAR-
RIS CO.. 541 Market st. -.,
/ HELP. \VAXTEP--4m ALE— Con.
At CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
• 59 3d st:, nr. Cairbldg.'; phone. Bush 405..:
.'" jNEVAPA: ' .. FREE^ FARE." '• . : NEVADA;
¦ ; •': 200 "laborers". • Southern -.Pacific's: own- :wprk;
• -new job;. $2- a ¦day;. ; $lR-bba.fd..';' ' ;•. '¦'. •.:-;•:
•¦• We' ship -.every. 'da">>.-' Free^ fare; '¦''-.,:. ' ":.':i[: '•¦-¦
V ' : ¦¦''': ;:' 11QPS,. HOpST^HOPrpICKEK^;: j;.: ¦'!.':'
. - .We. ship "Sunday;. Monday: iahd. Tuesday;' pay'.
¦:¦; .$1 per 100; fare,: $i :50; fee ,$1; oO-men "and.
.;:.;. women.- , - : -..".' :.•': •;-. .:'.-V'/.-." ;.-.•.; V.",-i' ; : : ;.'.;;*.: : . :•'•:•
' FRUIT, PACKERS.
f-"-.:..'2ff fruit Dlckers n ;?l. 25. .a;:a^y\and- .boards ;.;X
, .;. 10 -. younc -.men; pai-k.lriK-hquse,: $l: 25 and- bd. : -
.;¦;.,;: ."'¦ •';; : -.-**arei $lfL'5;.-3- 'riianthsV'wcrkv ;:.....;.
"•-,.' 3 -ranch, taiftm'gter^. $32^^50' a^ trioiith artd 'bbard;'
>¦¦ ;10-ilaborei:s, ; ¦ ne,a' r, city.;' f ac tbry, V$2 25 ¦ • a day;
..-.- ".-•'-¦... SAWMILL AND: WOODS MEN. ."•'.•¦'•¦
•'¦ ;2 ' ttnibir:' 'f e"UersV:..^60.- and." board;- .•: : " - -' -: " ;.
-."3 : l>aj-kers,:v$.45:-and '.board;V;-;' : ;-:- ;^ : :. ; :'.;- -'...'i'.
;• '2 ¦.crossfcutters., vioO ;. arid; board;;: ¦ . • .-. ¦•'. : ;. ¦ > : - . ¦ .
'• : . 2- lookouts,; $40 -arid .bpardi '-• • '¦ ¦'. .¦"'''". -'•¦ - .. ¦: :
.:. .2;waterbucks;:;$40;arid vb/iard. ; : :- : ¦ "/ ¦¦'.- -.-'¦,
' - .lOluriiber pilers.-- $3. « day; . "¦• v :. . : , : .. ' C" . . '•'
::'¦ 10' laborers,. ":$2'.a: "day: -.:.'.. : - : \i .- : ; ¦¦'' :¦¦'-."¦¦. '',"-. /•'¦'' <
: See boss here. Fare $L 50. . ¦":? ¦ .- ¦'.-'•. ¦-..-. •••.'¦
V:. Butcher; country: Whop:; ;$66;;:a:/m(>ii.tH.;-, -. .;•¦;..;¦.'
'.•-; Cook,' 'country.- hotel; $4i>-arid.found.'.-.: ,:¦ . ' . .
;.:';.j;:,;:rCAL^;..EM;P^;;AGE> T CY.::5a^nird st.'-'::';
:5:M0RE i'la-borer's •¦fbrVinill : and wood*,. $40. 'and.' 1
. "'.', found.; ; 'fare ;pald; • 3 igardenere. .^0;-:arid $35
yajid -found;- r far^ers : arid, wives; -jjio. arid $95:
.;'•-. arid - found'/ '.njan- about pla.fce, ' '$30 .Hiidf. f ouria;
f ia'ssistant. 'gardener;!.$25. and 'found:- -boy -..for~
. '\fa6tpcy.- -.$5 .Week;- fruU'/'p.ickers.'.:.$l. '25: Jday:
f --'anil ;'fo.un;d-: ; mllke.ri. .$3S. : aTid.' foUnd;: iauridry-'
'¦-•• nj'an,-- $40 and ."fo'tind-;-" JQbbltfg---bla.ck.J-n}thv . $8:
."¦¦ day > V blacksmith T.iielpe.irV' -?2 'day.': ; 50 ; -l^bbrers-
. . ; for-, mliicsi quarries; ¦; m>lls, . etc. , " fl : : $2 .V)
'-.'i.etay } : 5. •¦'singje^hana.; miners.:. $5-. .day'r. .'wobd-';
; ••" chop.pe'rg,'-$l ' 50 :: dprd;' 'a-nd-- rnariv . ; <'iher's':.. ;J,~
; :1 ="'Cg;-; : y6'j8 Sacramento '>L's ... ;¦;¦
BUTLEIi; : ;-$il5; .arid -fp'urid; {cook; for, resroft/ $55-
; '- -f.cf' 5 <3Q;': ; reatau rant ... *ftcond . ; .Vobic, - . 5t5O ;-; third ,
''s::M^'--':-'$^'':^^'b^tdiuci$oxa-(.^'r^c^^jj|w^rUti
;¦-.; f'ourid;- ..wa.lte.r> : '- Otw^r^'r'co'u^t'ry^^oUli'.'.'.'fSfr
-. ,'.'ari.d-,f6u;ri<rr. -porters;" jllv'er^'¦'iTit'rij.'.MIsh. washers.
'¦'¦ : and ";¦ jJther». '¦-'. iS.-&.:; CRO^ETT.;:^ca^'-CS?:
¦•:.'.-'Sa.«>riment'o..'. st'.- ••."<•." : - V. .. ':¦ •• '.' '• '-'.'¦:¦. -'°-: -.'.
: ANPRE's! : pfflce;;-3i'7-"Sfdckt<ln'»t.;:' r"\t.--: " -'t *''¦'-:
¦ • X- ¦ .'Hptel' ¦' jKp'r'k-^-2 .'• ' fl.fst?clasis:. :'. waiters,' v: ; .PPJC-
¦-- wash?r;-.dl'.shwa-fher!i;-.'city.''Bnd .'cpiintryi/vegr;
• ,;>labl#h1an.";.kttbheiC ha-i'd^sec6n4' "cboki-. third
r.-'epftk; '.belj' .bpy^'liospltal ¦'¦w^rk,' ..rffesser.'' for
'.¦'Siirgiral!- work','.- walter;'"f»r':' help.;, nurse^resi-'-
¦¦; .¦t-aurant.-w.p.rk,-.chef;.''2d -cbpk.'. brellefv Tnachlhe;
'- "dls"hjv]a.?fher;..-'riorter.. ¦ assistant .'.waiter,;- .V'. 1 ."
¦A-^ti&EbLf.QXZBZFTE'i 26 : Montg<rm'ery'ivi>;'I*_;
.;:: Wai M-rsV: $30'^ iya jtersj' $40;. " cook; $C5: \ .; . /V:.
•YOUN.Q ¦:mk'n,.-'.tjulcli and;, 'accurate,, . as.'eijtry:
¦r -clerk' arid v -as'si-ij'ant'-bQOkkeeR'e'r liy.a' whoje-
¦ r .'\sk-le-'6'p0se':radva.'ric*mfcnt''for-..one: wlth/abilr:
• .'Jty •a'rid'XyiJllng';" sm'a-lK..y?age.'s -to- begin';-. -give
¦-."•agf.SjeC;.: ftpd-^experiences-.' Bp;x VllSli.Calt.'.:.;-
'FIItST.-eLA.SSj:>iqohd • rn'u'st'.. hav«u;-clty;
¦~~:~'tficr'^iiei'<s :¦ : stp;«i I y.vp-'i-i-t ir- n.; ¦ ia'FKe' ¦.¦Fe^ta'ura'rll';';
¦:-. ; T>b ; tc<"'.' ; A'i(i)iy.:!> u. -ri:-.tp 12 nt., Res.ta'u'ranv
:;;"^eepcrs^ ; A.-^pcl^jon;- : -0;.Eddy/8i ? . ; :r'^
; RELKVBLE,.f|-y.^piW:fwvl^
.".,-: ;'st.f.'i<i'y' ' pn<n ii}h;;'gpo)d|.' 1 p_ay.;.-..hp..:fe«f. '¦'.V'ApjJiy.'-'tf'
;¦ K^',w*'4tfri4r^;..-Jl««ja«Mn^:]Kee.p;^rf-:^
¦V iilbri,-' 0 '.-Eddy: .»t : t fjoomMlil • ¦ ':- ; ::_-'. - : :.¦; ¦•'•* ¦};.. ¦,':.
¦Tn.Y.flur'.mpn's'shr'M.. nViiViri.'-rriade;' at;$l .'afi'd;
¦ J'$l/.W^:p>lV;-.' fbot-fcrin '¦ «h..>,-p' at- $2:'50; : : we.:'pay-
. ffexpreysror.maXl^g'j'-.llirh
-. ;';-flrB.t-cta'isy; rn'eii; 'nefd.-pp'ply/. . 2.7;" Oea-ry" *.sp r } '. '..:
:C0bp';-taii;6'i-.a t t''^v' i ''U ; U-L*)-'EN'.S.-.l'J8::'M'Qh
¦.-.;:<ry:'-iyg.'j-' L -'*'..*..;.'.;....'.-_.'i: -r^.:-:-- ':'¦'¦:' .'¦'''..': ".:';,'¦' -'¦ I*
WANTEl^Uarbe^- ioa ': t'hpp; : steady .Jpl).
;;';;Alt^suJn zt\ {:;¦'¦¦'¦;¦ •-••.;;¦:-,¦¦;¦."¦••¦¦¦'.. {¦'.-¦¦V'. -".^ \fif :^ •;:.'
: A'.SfiCOND.-. waiter wanted at llie. i*a'rk «bte!.'
f^'aftrTuVk.i'gt.:-;;-".:'.;^;-;' '•;'-''' .*;:->'-.¦:•¦ V:'-';^ •;''.>'¦¦'/••¦•'.-
¦ : BOyp/vif&niid. : \.;: 25/ .Gfeajy '.-g't-:.- :rl::; ;, ;. ';/*' :
'eABi**ET'.MA-K'E;rfc."*^^
V:' v ?.<pn; 9i..:-:jw.,::. -'";': p-S : -*.':'."i;.'i'-'"-.""v":i '?:-"v-"." :¦*'
\ '.-. Wprk;;>t : VE6"rttamJi." Qt':':',.'V .-?-"." \::'= ;.' " • <::¦¦;. v '•'
EXTRAyWaitrt ; 'ya > ntyd.'.-.212;B^ ':.\
.;?MiBsJoh;.'st.:^:V; '. J > V.':-.V-.} -V- •.;>¦'¦-• -.'::: : \
¦piSH.AVAiHEK.watrtidj'Sl^.m
¦•^"street.-.-:,"- . .y'^.-^:. "'¦ v".:- '-.-:. :.::, ¦':¦. ..;.;'. .;. «.;•';' V. ,-:.f ;"
.GOOD .iailbr.iwniTte<i -Jbr : bu'streUng.:' ; SL*7- Suttef
-:: : -et-,'.riear:'%e'aven.woTth.'.-; •.'*: .;;••¦; xV-V.":.' • : .' i
i WANtE-^^A^KOotl Yurtyfr waiter: -ias- Totwv
:'.-"" J e|yd-;st:r-;" - ;-:|.\«. "••¦:'¦''•;•':--';•'•;<.•¦''.•'¦•.;-• .:^-'^U :¦¦ : ",
;yTUilr.d:a>j;:F.purt^;.;.7 f^- V'^.y .-" : '.v. '."-'. ¦: :
.3 IJABORTSKJS, .jiirft/a.nrf^Tioyel^hlaOKsntlthffbr
-rf'-rcp'^ir. jih6p;-'- 44t»i •'ave.-.-and'..^' :;st.''-/Qut^.'':...
-" I>1.S I I>A'S ilij R^'f^r •"* ma 1 1'- restaurkn't'j $t> .week;
¦: ,haK*-d"a-y--"^mulay.;-'-.25S5. Market,'. iitar -16ih^ -."
WANTEDs-Plulftbc-i'j"'. '' JieHpe'r,.. .' CHARLES'
.'• RISK'S. •TO^J-.Sls'teehth'.-gt.,- near .Mts.sibn. •
iW.ANTED— Good v/cond corfk;'"cal» early. The
Kerry G.rjll, J'G Market st^'.» * . ,'". -. -
A MAN. ef'lndoRiitable. energy arid" puVh." X good.
Ialker. eager to make.monejv 'F. -PERSON.
', 477 and 4S8 Parrott. building;. •• . * . % . ; • '.
A. THOROUGHLY competent • clothing -.sales-
. man: ncne other' need apply..'- S. N. WdOD
•Vb CO.. .- . '. . ' ?'•'.. . * - . ¦
WANTED— iClothfnR .'salesmen. Apply" S: K.
• WOOD .&- CO.. 740 MwrVet .St.- . . .- * " .",
WANTED — A 'first-class cutter.' Apply* S. N.
WOOD & CO.. •740 < MarKet st.° .. ¦'. •" . -.-
.BARBERS, 'I wish to buy a good paying, ••we.ll
.' located* barber shop, running not -less than
V four chairs. * Box 4120. Call office.. • : -. •
' WANTED-*-Man °to wash dishes. ¦ 212 O'Far-
rell st. . - * . . • . '•-•..
BARBER jshop " f or '(sale*; 2. chairs; new 'out-'
Ot; must. sell, at' once- 2S09 California st..
BARBER* shop .for sale; 4*.llvlng rooms; cheap
rent;* 3 years' 1 lease; make offer. 229 Hayes.
GOOD paying barber shop for sale account of
,\ leaving city; very reasonable*. 1541 Geary st.
WANTED— For the U. S." Marine Corps, able-
-. boi.:ed, unmarried men, between 21 and 35;
good character: must speak, read and writs
¦ ..English; marines serve at cea on men-of-war-
- in Ali parts of the world, on land In our. ui-
- and possessions, and at naval stations In the
• United States. -Apply, at recruiting office, 40
Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal. ;.2_2Vs N. Main"
St., Los Ange'les. Cal.. .and 401 K st,'. Sacra-
m'ento. Cal.. • ' .
¦»»•-*
WANTED — Educated ryoun's- man- to learn our
' business and take responsible position when
qualified; $WX> p«r year; first-class references
required. .Stoddard Lectures, -210 Examiner
• .building. "
WANTED— Laborers . any mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to tb,e" Denver House,
,217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c tp 50c per night.
WANTED— Half or whole Interest In good
¦ paying barber .shop by an expert all-round
artist : reference gvlen. Address box 91. Fow-
' ler, Cal.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair: foot-form shoes at $2 50. or
orthopedic shoes. $3 B0; best shoes on earth. 11
Third et.. Exam, bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
WANTED— Roush carpentars and laborers.
: Apply room .14. 26 Montgomery st.. San
Francisco Construction Company.
WANTED — Good shoemakers for repairing.
2S««4 East at. '
STEADY, active boy for wholesale house: state
age and experience. Box 243S, Call office.
GOOD ¦ solicitors, city ¦ and country: . $5 a day
easy. Pacific Novelty Co., 620 Bryant 'at.
'. EDLCATIOXAlr---Contlpncd. '
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school' of
' dau'eing'; establfshed :20 years. 1.412 Polk at...
¦ Vcfucc'ii -Pine ami- California; both, adult and'
' -cbllflren-'E -classes are now open for the season.
• HEA-Lli'S "School of .lilnes & Electrlcity.21. Post'
;• r't., 'S. F: ;' a practical 'school%f engineering;
• .complete- equipment. Special catalogue . free: ¦
THE" lieriltz School' o'f ' Languages has removed.
-' .to-1000 Van "Ness a.ve.-;. rates reduced during'
'•" tummer.. Send for catalogue. •¦••'. . '. ; ..- -
ENGlNEERlNG-^Clyll. elec, mln. : .'mech.. x sur-
¦¦v£Y. a'ssa>\ cyariide;. day. .eve. :. eat'. 1SC4. -Van'
• der Nailleri. School.; 11.3- Fulton; hr. .City H>11:.
SYgTE-M; discipline and results; -the: Golden.
: ¦ Gate Conunerciai ebllisge, . Van • '.Ness "• and
' Gbiden;Gat» >ves..'S.F. : .'fills every requlremnt
¦ DANCrXG -Tuesday," Thursday', Saturday" and.
¦ '.Sunday.^ e.vtrifugs. at Teutotiia'.Hall, Howard
'. Et.v.near Ninth: mari.a^.emerit Pr6f. Fpster...
•PIANO and' Gernian; pupil, pf Leipsic. Cpnser-
•¦-. vatory.-; lessons 75c-arid. $1.- 346 Golden Gate.
.GUITAR accompaniment taught. '.. 304A f urk
. -. ftreet,- " • ' ¦• . •,."''/ i
AT Kingsland Art- Shop— Drawing, painting
arid burnt wprk.. 1184 Halght st., near Lyon.
SCHOOL OF -ILLUSTRATION.. =" Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st.... Night class.
LESSONS given 4ri Water "Color or Oil Paint-
-ing from Nature. CURRIER, .372 Sutter st:
ARITHMETIC; bookkeeping,- grammar, writing,
etc-; day -or' eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission. nn 6th.. '
Chicago- Business. ColUfa. ' 1435" Market, nr.lOth.
. Plttman.nh'ortbsnd'.- typing, bookkpg.; $8roo»
: '•''.. EMPtOYMEXT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI, 421 Post st.;.tel. Bush 135—
Japanese .-¦ Chinese . employment office;, fvi;-
- -'.nishes best help.;.-contracts- for. farm help,. etc -
.A — ORPHEUM. Employment -OfflceT— Japanese-
Chinese help:- 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.."
.'A-— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. -Offlc'ei**'415"
=. , Stockton-; tel.. Grant 168: expert, reliable help.
CHINESE Employ rnent Office — Best help ' at
• Leon geung's,: 41.1 M O'Farrell; tel: East 426.'
..RELIABLE : Japanese-Chinese Employment'Of-
.flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton;, Main 5188..
CHINESE -and: Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
. Tel. Main 1997.. BRADLEY & CO/. 640 Clay.
[, fc MPLO VMEXT' \VAX/TED--IfEJ« ALE/ .
J A <3OO.b. ", reiiable> sfirl . wishes -.'a.'-.aUua'tlpn'-aa>
'•¦ . -parlormaid .a rid.! wai ti rig . or., chaimbierwork ' arid ;
wa| ting"; i good ' re.f f retice ¦ gl v.en.": ¦ w'ages' $^0 ; no '
;-.¦ postals. ;;; Apply' '.gi'to-.;Bu8h';-BU-- • :¦¦. '.';¦; : ,•'¦.' ; ;;' : ';
..RESPECTABLE: girl i wishes, pbs'ltlpn to db'up- :
•; steirs -work and plain :¦ will;. assist :
: .;with ; 'chlldreriii.' 5lt;:Bush'.>t.;"'... .:>;'. ¦;..¦';><,¦ '.:'«'y-
: Slf UATION.: wonted by. a". Woman 'as': .chaipbe'r-'
'-'. work i-n;..bokrdlne; or .lodging hpuse; • city- or'
;...cguntry;r;.''g«4.^'T.ehama: sf. ;•;..; .-'•',¦'.•.-¦:-.••.¦ '¦¦> -U- >; ?¦,<¦'.
.WOMAN wants ..Work by: the. day,:: washing .' or "
.:.ticus-}cJeani'iVg".:.'Call.:ir>7 : Tehariia St.- .'. •¦ •.¦•¦'¦.-.
FIRST-CLASS' cook Wishes a poslttori'.. In a prl-:
: .vatt; f ariiil j ; .ChH at. 224S: Bush st, T '-"."... • -'-¦' ;
YOUNG: wotrian ¦ wisjies: ;to act ' aa'.. wet nurse. '¦'
' ''.217' Elni- .'ay*.', -^eiar^yanVNess; .-.';¦ / . '¦'¦;..':¦¦;'¦ ¦-';<:'
A- RESPECTABLE; /Sw^dleh.-.; wpraan - wishes
; :v. wprfc by^- the- day;, washing; or :-cieariirig:'-^Vd-
• ; ;;dre;ss; :C;;S.,; I2t;:. SecondPst: > ; ; - •¦";"..:: ¦.'^v-.^v
:.WANraD--T-A.''situation.'.by^gppd ..chaiin bermaid'./
¦ '.gpod .-'; seairiitreES ; first-class', references.: - : •¦ In-:'
quire by mall '•'oRiy; to SIRS; V,a:; M. . 1919
. '.I :;:Pblk;s't/:;: ; ;: >:'-.'.;;:;;::;:¦ " : ;^ : ;.^.^.Vt-v;'; : c;; : : ,-': ; : ! . : ';.,--
'¦. PREgSM AKER 'going .butVbj- the ; day'. Wishes
..'. ¦•; an agalstant;!-' Address; box .2425.: ;C.all- : office.
WANT: -.ads ¦ and •subscrlpttoris ¦ taken.' ;f or>" Tt|« .
. Call, at. Eaton'* Bazaar. 633 .'Mc'AHUter at- '¦¦¦;
: ¦:. ¦ EM P. LOY 51 KNT : ;-_xy AN TED-^-il AJLE."-; '. ;
JSPANIStl: : ,bpyJ ; ,26. -de-ijlres ¦p6Bi(ion ; ih. private^
•.'boarillng-hoUse:- "as', ".waller; uii<lers'tarids.,. all -
:,V : . kinds - of :. work; will ..\assis*.~:.wi.th .other- work;
r cart, glvfr splendid referepce>\ Call afterhdphsj.
¦ ;." ". "5:;Third -M i, : rbant;31^ ¦¦;^; ,-¦¦ , ;;> y^ : /.y-.. \, y .: ;¦.; o;
;YpUNG-' > niari; •; Swiss;; speaks. ' ' JGerrnan'
•¦- giulvFrf'nch. but:- 'nb;.:Engli-sh','.: desires .'Eltuar'
¦-tibn; ¦ Wiiie; cellar ". preferred'.- : "Adilress; ..box
¦' '¦¦•'•*' 1^- ¦' :^M'-'b.0.c-?-';v' .'-¦;'¦ ;.''' ; .y.'.: : .".;'-'-^/ ¦^ : ;,/;;:^'.- ¦':¦¦¦¦
•A' H AKDY Vmaft wishes -Vprk-in' 'machlneishp.p;;
.' wllljn9-t<»'b'j;generaUy;.'u3eful;. has "' worked ¦:
Bo
ELECTRfeiAN:. and; 'enEineer-':.: can. ..do aH r<^
..••'. pjiir VPr'k.t.b«6t.b.fxefer.e'riceB';';coriip'e'tent-' tb.-
•;¦' take 'Charge of electTic plant.;'' Box ¦ 4 136; Ca.ll..;
•$TR'ANU'ER' wishes ..pbsitipri;" ariy kmd-.of:-w-ork: :
;>:hajuly Vith :hpTBes,-;- ,Bdx.4122.
, A- .YtJUNiGr '•: rna'ri'' would.' l'lk.e- tp'-put 'on': a.-teatri'-
[ -.-'.fp'r. 'i:dowaiaKxi,ha{i^.i-'0c^-,il2^:CUXi office.;
(¦: % ¦.--¦¦-.' --^': • ¦.-.¦¦:¦-¦• ¦•¦ .--¦•'¦.•. y .-¦•¦¦--.¦ •:.¦-¦¦'"•
I ¦REF-tNED,'.- well- 'e'dupaf ed, : ; .-ajctlv'ei. .une'neum- '
i :' ' bered; .e.fderly- widower," -of- perfect- hpliesty-.arid :•¦
'¦:.' iriiegrl'ty-} i d'eslres' 'employment -"as '.guafdia"n',:-;j
• .c'UBto'dlan' of '.travelins; companion-. by .larid'.pr. ¦¦
"¦•¦. :: »cjtt;>fc.-. - . ? .P.;..Q..-,'b6y^l(O/Sap..:F : raAcJBc<>.-.;'Ca;; *
lYOUNG. ¦man.'.w'ishek:p.bslti6.n;;as .'jiiari -'.about'
•;.'• placed -or hbus'eworlt ¦ Address ;.H-.'-'J-..-.-bbx'4i30.jV
¦y-.Cair:pifflce;:;;\ .- ;y- './.'¦ '•¦•J...'vA/-.': : v .'¦'•¦''"- - : .:'.'-\" ¦•
FiRST-GLASS' ; Chinese .eppk:. wants, pbsitlbn in-
'¦:-'. fsimlly;, or'.flrst-c.iassr hotel. '• :o66 ¦•.Nl'nyj'at:,'.
'•; ¦V.9^'J?fi d -^-\ : '~ : ''.'^
" Fi,RST r iGLASS^^Gem^hScbp.k:''^a'nts'..-si.tu'ati9n.:.":'
¦ California" : £X: : .\ : .. r ¦'¦'.:<} : ..': -..'-'.i:'"...' '-: .'/i''-^
AN; T exDeriei-iced : ; pouttryrhan ' fishes .'Fituitijon
"¦.;ajs:rbaJiajser;:'entfre new,: plan -vaji'd-VsucceHSful;.
: 'Vnerw.: .system; 'pirtles- -desjrlris: ' to . ;«"8t'abll3h :
' : '.new. plants: ' given, "preference ; ¦ correspondence =.
: . ; ::pox; ; 2444;;C^;;-: : ;.V V: ;/. ¦-..\;.v ;-,y.;.;.
;M^N--gppd ;at : carpent'erlrig,.^'painting;, ¦•¦.etc.V'.de.-.:'
': -.ilfes' emblbymeht;,.' city. i>r ' countryi • ..'steady-'
|.';:arid>reljable> n ,.-Addressv,bbjt; 4.113,- JCa.n.-pf flee.: :
.PIIpTOGRAPHER .desires. ; : epii>loym»int; .iood ;
¦ -.' reUablef maii ; '¦" IS '.years'- .exp?rjerice,". : : Addresi' •
f'-.-L : *M.x'f.24"jfr^.-."C-a'H^^^^
• MA Js ; -Would -like ' situation .is- watfihniitn'.br any/
" ' .-.light :wbjk; : will' furnish- 'bP'n^s ; '-'it -'neie'Mat'y,'..
-;;:.\Box;2458^Call,;.'^,r-:\-<;';..';"^..;';.:". V :•;--,
iA^55JES?!^y^ani^aTD^ii'on^^ia^i1y^u»'.
:¦"- ; «chod|.b6v: :F,iYi>SiilDA, Al7'.Ma5Ori:.st; ;- tel.-.
'I ;;cte>n-"jg5o. J - ;¦;.-' .^-'S : :y-i::>'.r : :\:'' : ~--r-y ':.>¦'¦: V-'-":y/* v ;
:¦¦¦ dp - kind: wprkl : after' 6;30 ¦ p'. ;.m",' Address
¦v>t.>;^-KjStv 12.17:;. Jon-is \iiyi :.'. '• 'y; : v V;=-'. -:' ; i;';' ;"-N
'CL'AS'SlFlE;D.:ad"ver;tis>m(ert'ts. •a.ri<i.'-Ju'bicrlpttb.ns:-
¦' •.recelyfca at :..Ca.ll .'bwrnifji :'ptflce ; .'220O: Fiilmdre^/
ABRANGlI^Ocf; (or CaJI : »ilverti>»m-ntj «nd
'.; - »ub»criptipn» . h»» Uee.n ' tmtabliihied . «t. - lOua '
; '.Vaii»ncia"^t;.v:-.,V : . : -;"-'-.."-' : .-.- .-.'; ••-:'•'-:•.•'.¦'.•'•.''.': 'I ; -v!-.-:.' :: (:,
!A'UiH6t7S.ES;^ .ariii flits. tp [ : 'S4ii^ .an.lrn.ni'ens'eiikt-;;
• • • ssr viire 'atisoliitejy- -f re.eV r t^ke --idyp ri .taaie ; <>r:
• . '-'.rhls -.department'; ' -It,:. w)ll -siiS 1 * '.you- jtlnje'-'and.'
; ; Urduble^
: { ::^yS': •.;¦"•"•¦'• "• •¦
•TO" ret— Mod.ern". fiat "of,. 6 rooms' arid-, bath."". Ap 4 -
• ¦' ply. g35, Fulton' st. -'¦'¦•¦;'•¦'/ • ¦¦ "V-'".'. : . "': .""
• ELEGANT 1 , upper' -jiinny'torrier. flat,' 8 'roomSi'
; batTi;' -Merrttt arid Hattle y i-.ts.. -'.4602 18th." et; ¦
NEW- elegant 'flat .to let; 6 rooms 'and' batl>."
. J702 Sacramento ' n"t., ' near PolR..-^ • \ '•'•;.
NOE. 15;i, north of "Markets-Sunny. 3 T rbpm- bay-
window corner flat. C rooms, bath. .' ' •
PIERCE, 259 — Elegant" 6-roo'm flat, .with bath;'
very sunny; renj. reasonable. •'•. • •
SE. CORNER Page and Lyon— Middle flat, '8
rooms. b-tth;-rcnt reasonable.. ' ; '¦
ELEGANT flati half block: from Market st..'
S»43 17th st. (Castro and 18th st. cars.) •
TO let — Flat Of four rooms; 1897 O'Farrell.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st.
~FLATS- TO LET— FURNISHED'. "
.ELIZABETH. . *J2i — 3 furnished sunny rooms;
gas end conl stove; bath: Castro cars.- ° .' -.
SOUTH PARK, 105— Partly furnished flat -of 4
• rooms; no children. Inquire 138 Third st: ¦
FLATS FOR SALE.
A BARGAIN— $4250;. CORNER LOT. 2 FLATS:
LOT 25x114: 184 CLIPPER ST. SEE
OWNER ON PREMISES. " . • . . .
¦"— - — / •
¦ . . _____ f ••
FLATS FOR SALE — FURMSHBD. 1 .
FOR.8AI-E — New five-room flat. Call 3. to 5*
p. m., 373 Jones st. * '- "
"FURNITURE WAVTED. . " .
A.- TSTOLLPERT. 773'Miaelon. phone Red 4462. •
buys, rents, repairs, -packs furniture, carpets.-
HELP' WANTED KEMALE. • •
A FIRST-CLAS*S cook for. American family,
. $40; a cook for diet kitchen, $30; a Frtnch
nurse, for grown child, $25; 10 good house-"
work girls for city. $25-$20. MISS PLUN-
KETT, 425 Suttcr st...'near Powell.
*A — LADIES, learn all branches halrdressing
trade; manicuring, massage etc.; 1230 Mar-
ket St., cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught frcm start to finish In one
month for (10; positions as trimmers. . sales-
ladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
BRIGHT, energetic woman - to canvass . and
i take orders for Cof-farin. a* delicious and
nourishing cereal coffee; awarded gold medal
by. California State Exposition; salary and
commission..: Cof-farin Co., 400 Jackson st:
A — WA^TTED — Machine hands on ; ladies' un-
derwear and children's wear. 656' Mission
St., third floor; take elevator. '
.' : -.-' ' 'SAX FRANCISCb "CALli.. |" '" "•
• : . BUSINESS. OFFICE- of the' .San Francisco.
.\C3*ll % '.ccrner Marker and Third 6treets;-.ope"n
• /i'riii" 12 -p:c!ocic -every, night. In the ypar, " .'•".
•• "-'b1:ANCH OFF1CE.S— 527 Montgomery- street -
.•¦.¦<.i:T.<r"<j:ay;'<cpen. ; uIit!l.'}J>30 p. m! "¦ .* •-.-.:
••"¦•'•. .;«Cl}- Hayes street r'nce'n .until 9;30 pt*r*B.*, s
'.";.',«C/MaAllUttr erreet: c'pen' unlti 8":«0 p.' m.-:
¦ ' ,"-'. 'AS Larkin #fre"et;" 'ope* until «**30 p-.to:'.' . .•
.' ; .'-¦-:-*41'lIiesion .street;. cpen". uffT.fi 10. p. m.-..-- •
.'•/•h. t 6*-.|Market'.. street; "corner. Sixteant.li; open
.icntil*^ -p:: m'. '."• "•-.- •• : . '¦" .-'• •¦*¦*.-* • •'¦ •'• ' *-f
'-. ' VfOC •El.e\«qth.f?tree't:-cpezi"'iiiltil » P.. n_;' - '. .
J: •; iiikJ •Valencia etreet'-'xipeh -until f> fC'tau* . ; ¦ •
r , ¦/.Nf.rthi-estcorri-^r'.of- .T-w-epty/stcond and" K»n.T '
¦ j'l—v-ky c'tfe^t'sj' cprjr "until '.A''*?, -m.".''.. '•:.'- .-;. .
;¦ -."JZl*' t^ilriiore trtreet": ;J.pen-.-ur.t'll-i> ;P--- -mV :."..¦¦..
v ,.-¦': •'.]'.;. '-.VsiiaSTI X G • N O Ti' CES."'. •."'.¦'¦' '
¦SffdiiABUtVSlX "CHA^PTER No. 5. it A. 'jr. •'
• .. • .It., --wiir- niert I THIS. (TUESDAY! "V\f •
¦ ¦-.. n\;ENIN<5.- • Ser>tembec" 1, at '7 :.W /TVA
"•" "p'cibek... •'•S-'ated * 'meeting -and M. -M..-. : ... .
•'".-' oetict-.. Uij-oxaes of tht- tl. ; P. ...'..'•. " " "
•' . •'.-.•.•;.¦. FRA:>KUlN"i-- DAY; SecreUry. ,¦
'.'•' fALtFORNiA- LOGE Na 1. F apd A: «' _'.-
•. - j{.-^The 'afti&rr and jriembfrs; of the '^ijf'
' :-. -ibb»rriamtd..lod'ce-'are hereby: notified. />^\
•' . t\j.- sttejid the. fun«ir'al ¦ of '• our .late ;• .- '
• ". hi«ther.: -»NJjEHS GUSTAF SJOiJERG. • in
• : •¦-• King. Solomon -i -.Hali. Ma*onic-.Temjile.' THIS
•"¦•Vi.tAY.'1'UESDAY). SO't ember 1. 19«{.- at 2
".. i/clock'p, in.-tMe«'t>r Masons, and frlea'd? of.
"¦'•'•hV- -deceased' ore invited.. By brd*r. of .the
".;; rria.t-.ter-, .FRANKLIN; H. DAY. Secretary^
" OOLDEN -GATS LODGE. No.30, F. and m
" '¦:• -A M.— Stat-vlmet-tiuir THIS. «TUES- * 4 »/Vf
.•-."¦ -D-VY-». EVENING • ati 7:30 jp'clpck. />rN
•;. ¦•..EPWIX."Ly;iilE.YER;-.'5ecietary.. ¦¦: ¦'¦ . ,.¦.--
¦.OKIENTAL- LODGE No. 144. F. and A. "'¦» -.:'
' -". M. -^Stated .'meeting THIS '. (TUES- «Jy
¦ -.DA 1":>. EVENING at 8 o'clock. ¦ >^^V
•;...:y :; ;a..S. HUJBBARD. Secretary. - y w
': "Al STRXLIAN . BrneveJent Society^- \rilfr*\
Regular- Quarterly Tnrel'.r.s . WED- 8j*t«3
•NESDAV' EVENING; Au-rust ¦ 2,'.r^<5g?. ;
•¦•.:•; 1903 "'. at 7:3O"ehiirp'. ".Apprbpiiatlons .»*5bP*.,.
•'•' ir.d'.dsnaxl.ons.-and: other important, business.
' " 'FjR.cs 'for. ppii'-at tendance will -be strictly. en--
! ''.forced;.. By order oi-.- '¦ ¦ ¦ : . '¦¦'^' '¦'¦'¦'¦'¦
•• '-.-.. . -'......AUGUST MIKULIGH... President.
" I';.." *DE: WITT W. . TOLL', - Bee. Sec.. .; : .•;..-¦.- _^
•FH'E--«rrin-jai';:meei!-Jt- .of :the . stockholder* «f
VV-S: DAlRiMEN B UNION OF CAUFOR-
."'•" '\I4--wUr bc"."hfld -at .'the- of fice p-f. the corpor-
'¦¦¦'¦ 'a'lipn : 124-1-*6-12*-:Darls-rtreet. bn.-JIpM>AY,
'- : ' ."j-e'ptrm-ber- •«," '.t!>O3.' ; «t . 1' o'clock ; p.. .m.; for .
- '¦ ilif" • fiurbotSe -o'f '.eleccirig a board- of directors
-.-V fbr- '<-h!e."->rif--»tJt-3-car""- : abd'.'-U»JI .tran»actlon ef.
-': : *HiJi -other: business: a» .hj*y;«inre: b?fpre the
¦ '« '-VjceetinK :¦:-.: '0- v.-' Fv -V. y.ELSQN . ;Secre*a ry . . .:.
•: -the 6TockHtjiA»iiRS :or
¦¦ '- .TltE ' ':'¦ "- 6AV1NGS : BANK—
¦;-: : N^Hte; :,U'./\hereby: ;giyen,. :. ta ;.pursu*nc».
- r :'cf ' a -Tesptutibh" of 1 the ; Board pi
'. • .' Oire? tor* ..of : the Security Savings Bank, . *
:; - rorpera-acri o^gariliedand exirt}ng under the
¦ :.ls.w.s' fet the 'State ot California, passed and
¦ '.' ¦q'-jpt'ed*. 'bti. rrjj'rsdsy. ;tbe I4th day. of -Ju.y; .
: - :.»i'3. «t a-fegiularnieetingpf said Board, duty
*52 .Montcotnery. street, in. lh«
':• -C;ty er.'d- Qbuity- -cf .'S«.n ¦ Franeiecp, ; In the/:
" 'fctate-.cf. C*!:f^: r.ia, -the •ame -being the prin-
cipal clice br.'.buBlnees of Mid corporation,
¦¦'• : • -Ae:- *?ecurjty '.f,av,lhgs Bank, and at the build-
. jr.r'.-«. : hef«' -tjb*:' Board of Dlrefctprs pf' *aid
¦ '¦• Vcrgor'a-tlorr -usuaily. meet, tiat' a., meeting of
•-; --.he-stexikhciders .of said corporation,. , the
: '•-' fcecvfhy 6ai'iiigs Bank, is hereby- called Ion. j
: -/.^d'.-f^U'be-reld.at'N-J-nber^^^ 222. Montgomery
-. -f-'treet, jn-eaid'Cltxanfl County of E.an Fr&n-
: •.'."•'¦'ciscp. '¦ thV sanie being the principal place of
.¦ "• ¦ busi-ress -"-of ;«aifl '¦'-. corpora lion.', and • being. . at -J
¦ ¦-,; : t_e.' buiidlng ."whert tb e: Board: of .'Directors of
;:'-;-"sid c'crporatlpn: usually. meet.. on: Wedneeday.-
¦ •'¦¦the day of JH'tin ifliicr" Ttffl; at the hour.
: ' : -cf' .three 'o'clock in' the'alternpon cf . said day,'.
-' - ¦ Tor- the' '.purpose. o f ¦ considering,. .decldine and
:'. siring, upon, the proposition tp-increas*- the;
• ' -cspltkl etoc'k of «ajd corpora lion, the Security.'
' •: Savinfc* '¦ Bank, . and' •'¦:t"d -iincrease. tt : tp^ ther
' • .-*mojint:cf •QrieMJinpn'.Dpliars. .' ' The aimouTit {
c — io 'whtch' It -ta ': proposed Jtb ,increa-se .the - said ¦
r ¦"-. Vcaptta.1- ' -etoci U - ; One -Mlirion Dollars. ; By
• : ;>rderor : tbi5 Board "of 'Plreciors..'. Dated. July:
••:.-I«th;-lsK8:-" ¦:-.¦.:• r : .; .. . .:FBEt> W., BAVV' •';•••.-,
•\-' '"; ;Se^rfuiry--':pf. 'tSe-Security.;.SB.vt-!irs Bank..;. J
-'¦'. ""' : ''i^-' -¦ : -}- 'AGEXTk ¦•AVAKTEO.' : -.-r^ : '' f . ; '' A
; . AG"ENT;S'-.»rantt.<l.''i in Jeveiry;; -townvto'.' sell - ' Col- i
¦•;¦• : ; fsriJii'-the' :be#t .-': -cereal -ooifffe on '..the ..market ¦;;-,
•V ..'; vavaraed-.'-gpl*'; medal .by r Ca1J-fbrnia- Stave; .Ex-:!
'-'¦.-'. "rtfsltWn-: • vcbpttojal orportunlty fpr.-biii^tirj
Vi*«*W»*?rc-'yar^'le«lwU'h^imaHv':a^a-l;.'tp:'JSata-b?-.!
¦;.'-•' : < eh : ;jt'iJrp'tltablV;-.bu»ine*s;' -ex-clus I've -territory..
'. .; '¦ ; <>cf -f a ri ri ¦' C&..;. • '400 \ J » ckron : -st . ¦ : ¦'•;'.¦ . .-;-. ;•;" '.:'¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦ '
• AG'ErN.TSr-X- n*w 'rabney-rri»>k : er.- F, :PERSbN; '
.;;- '•l»77;an<5 fTS- Parrott -bulidiiig. ¦'-.'-¦' / •':;.'...-'•'¦'/'';'":;
'. r rniV<:?:\ : Xi'-: : :JLi>vicE, 'FREE : :.;.v;^:;:.;..i:
.; ••¦ :;;.'.; Columbian law ; '-agency ¦;.;:..:
... ;"Kin.- 83.. 816 Market- tel;- tJed.;6US: bad tei--
; ¦• apti:-.' ejected" vpeje'dUy 7a-p'd reasbnaWy; .cpllec.-
¦• ::"-ricns attended.' to: /.a'tt^cftment*-; cPrpprations
¦: ••• ;. .cfvil:;and-. . cxlmina ; r..pra.cttce,V; ¦ .;.' ;
.'.rr<iBT. >M'i KING.^aUyratilaw; 1 Examiner bid:,/
:• . ¦•' -*-m'.- "iill ; •••ir..' Case*;, damages,' -. ectat«c, ¦ wills.'-
J •* ¦' attirtimenti-.- " t'o.llectiorir. : . ¦ *tc: r ¦ : . tnnsultatlpn
:¦: -,'lpg-i 'by' at'poihtgient., Tel.; Red : 3601. ¦ ' ;.-'. '.'-,.'
.': A LrVICE -f ree^r I '¦ wi It a-Jvi-tace -cost: in . nieritpri- ¦
.::. " -<us--ca«.ea : ;--£ly°cr.c«a,'' prp.batV. a-rid -all /other, law:
':•'-. ojrsie*;: no "feet -lri. -advance:-'. ODtn . tvtry tyta-:
•;':-;'. yyi.XHVRSTOSi&iit Market BtV; r> 31.:
¦;--'AD;V.l<;-E.-1tre«.':'divPrpes .*: sp««-lal.ty-:qulck. : <juieti
¦ • ¦•-. rip >iia*:ge without' su'ecess; established 15 yrs: : ;
:.,:'. • ; -C'v>' ? iV: : . 1 HOWE; .-lia 'Market: St.. opp. Ilale's.
AlirKEJV . * AITiCENl .ittbrniysV rs; : 3ue-iO-ll.
; -Vi-anteXidK....tp:{.' Calif '3r-i'fa>t-; tel.. Main 727:
. -' AOV-Tr-.E :¦'•' t re*; • all;, ci sea''. . ¦open- ,eV : en)ng8,'-' ¦ 1L/ ¦
; : :jj.. E-YANl S5u- Market Et:,; cor. ,:6tcckton. . - ¦ ¦/, '
l Doc'sv'.^Tc.'V':: : ;';' 'r-;:'. : -''
\ .Vt-'.Urv"i4'.'t*J4kinsp»rrcts,i|& eachiGerrnan singing
¦':¦ <s..ri*rtt : i!; jR;'-vc'j»-ilI-;- -uy tbpjeitse y6u ;. every-.
. . "..tbilr.k in pur line at-right p v ices. .1546 .Market:
;^i;sixEss;;':V;HAjviu.fis i .^-// " ¦ ¦
'^t^. : HJo»TlriL : fX)B'- bale.: -< ::^: ;: : -\\ : L-V-. '')'-Y-\-\
• -.-,. "A. brana/ne.w.'brfck .hotel of 100 .room*-; mac-
;-'; bt'«'i .-g':a-(Je. ef ;:jfuM».liutie' ajvd. t-arVet* ;'.- located-
¦'¦ .-\' m ¦ %he- .vc^ry-. heart.'. of -'t Ji'e -hlgh--grad'e '.'peeiaenbe
'. •'.- . .¦Rc'UV'jwcf ton. en -.a cornsr.' ajid-;e<iulpp«d • wlt'.i |
' .¦ frvery- '.. nioderc'.' •hotel' coh'v«'rii.e.ftc-e..-.EUch'';a* •
.-'.'• '.ele-.ttic'llghts'.^electrlc.. elevator.-- steain f- heat.;
. ..> r.honct-;. in', e'veryy.-rooin,.' billiard room..- erill
"-..'>ocni; etc:;'. .- ftine '•..leitie;- Jf you're -looking'
.'• •. -eimpij-. for .ebmethltis cheapr ¦ for -cpeculatlbn. j
.;'¦ '. i «'«ardltss of xjuality.;. don't bother; with tbis:.
.'.;. lut'if. j'o'u V^ct-.a "rtally 'hl^h-graile'.pioppi
"¦* .Vjttch' for', perrn'aner.t -lnveatmcn't ¦ thKt -win;
-¦ - : :>>«!d..'goDd^-stead^' -returns' .arid bea credit, to
. ': Vjoii. by ell ineans'lobk' into it.- Apply- robins
;--. I,«0f-C3i-fCa.lX'JjylltHng. : -.- J';-. •-'.'•; .:_; ¦•.:.¦.•¦....•';.•
~-jo lease:^'r-V. •" ¦:¦'.:¦¦=¦¦ "¦¦:¦ ¦¦,;;¦¦.. v:'--; : : : '-' : ¦:/.-¦;, ..I
'¦ . .- On. .•'Mason :.«t..i : : adjoining ! the ."Poodle: Dog," .
¦ .if -fir.e..'inbdern .rbpmjiig-bpuse of-.lOo .-'rtfJmn.:
' :;" '-^'ii<,r..vonst'ruc.tipri: -.but. almost Bn.iEhed: 60
: -;'V:n"gle iborns- and '55.ba.fhs;. great location;
•• •j'«afori£ble:rfir.:aV*are 'money -winner if run-
. -'• OB the'.-j^ht plsii. *PECK * Cp:. CC7 3iar--
' - Sgt '- ! '"•- - ;: '•'¦''; ;' : " '' ' ' '''•= ¦''''¦¦'¦'¦' ¦
.r.ESTAURANT on-rcurth st:...v...;..'..54CO
•"-. Rf-stauj-ant; receipts, average $40 dally.: CSO'-
• ' . Rrttauram ; fln<; transient trade- .. .i.'.'. 1250
• - /i^ttkutaint. and •tiakery. '. .-- .'-. ..'.., 40i
- « .'ig'ar etort-s. I.-. .from' $100'. to.' -.v ; 900
-. «Jcneral merchandise stbie in: country.. CO00'
StaUfnerv arid jiotlon- store .- '. -. : 350
Stationary and variety.. store: a .bargain. .Jj(»
r.'Ptioi; store and branch .bakt'ry. ........ WW-
¦.T.artner In soda -»"orUs. -country • '. 800
• "'•ror good. r^Hxble -buslners, .bargains' see
. v^iLFORD «: HARRISON. 3 Taylor st.
•WANTED — To buy lumber yard or nice furrii-.
lure or hardware bucinesb in. thriving tawn
¦ Kurrcunded by large farming community. II.
W. "ERNEST, xeneral delivery." Los- Angeles'.
EKA'NCH bakery,- laundry office, cigars, sta-
tionery,, notions for sale at let's than invoice
price: good r>a>>ng grand. 1007 'j Mkt., rm. 1.
-A'TIVE, reliablc-partner for fine paying office !
I'Mglnou 1 ; good i:icctne aecured; $225 cash t*-
¦i-iii'i: fplendid chance. J'XV'v Market, rm: 1.
FOR «ale — Grocer}- and bar: good slock; good
location. Further r>articulars-ariply box <132,
Call ctfice. " ¦ '
tlidfi— OYSTER ar.d chop house: great bargain;
cheap rtnt. clears J150. C5 3d St., room 1.
WELL-EcTABLISHED paying butcher busi-
mss for rale; party desires to sell owing to ill
health; Invoice $2000; shop fixtures, slaught#»-
house, deliver)' wagons, etc. ; business is l»
a prosperous town. Box 2417. Call.
RESTAURAJCT-41750— VALLEJO. -CAlI.
Central location; rent reasonable: 48 chairs
upper floor; 25 chairs ground, floor; average,
net profit per month- $150. J. H. HARVEY.
511 Market St.. from '2 to. 3 p.-m.
1125 — PARTNER. st»a.(5y and sober. In good-
• paying business, to tend store and take
charge. cf cash counter. S05 Folsom et.
PHOTO studio in city; 15.000 good-paying neg-
atives; other interests demand my attention;
no time for triflers.. Box 2164. Call.
FCR sale or rent— Fully equipped, modern.
paying hospital in Southern California city.
Aadress P. ,O. box 457. San Bernardino.
FOR SALE — An inside route on this paper.
For particulars apply a't office.
ItZ&G — FINE little oyster and chephouse; no op-
j»osi-.lon: dears' $(K>.* 55 Third st., room 1.
A bakery; delicacy: aril store trade-. $26 a day;
price S1S00; co acents. 715 McAllister st.
LOPGIXG-HOLSES FOR SALE.
KOR f«!e cheao. .
A pond boarding and lodging house business
st the terminus of the North Shore Railroad,
Sun Rafael, Cal.; excellent oportunity for
th* right party. Write for particulars to
MRS. FERRITER. £an Rafael. Cal.
CIJOPE A CO.. M07-4 Market et_ room 1. have
revrral mortgaged rooming nouses which
must be cold Immedifttely; call and examine
cur lanrt :rcc list; all offers considered.
i.bnciixc -norsES ' Fttir^ s A le— CoV .
H C.'bECKER;"(iiW .Marjtet fit:", .c.or.- Stockton.:
:-."•"• •• " . phoxs'J.ohn' ,v;i." ..:.¦. •
•27 VEAKS 6*S£.L.lNjO-":Hem=ES in. .this- city.
'.' '; '.•'..' .S?e. the fcHowjHs" lasgKi^s: . '..:" : ' "
" : lo-roprfis": Fojsoni e"t.; foll'-cr -v«)i:ifr»... S'-'IS
.t. 47 "rooms;", modern 'flat?, fine JTutnltiite'. . /.1W
' .- J5-.roo"ms";" newly fufnle-ij^d'i-'cU-a!*- .S25.-._.-' •!<•>:
"• 11 ¦nxjnisj.exoJi'ansf :for.-lir&Cr hwi.se '..V . i.>00.
'•¦17- rooms: fl.'iwinis furnlshedi.Bna-p.-i .-.:.,: .500
'.' :-s!rocin"s': -l,ea.'vcnwqi=th' ; st:.;.. reduced to: "500
'¦ ' .13. ro"<ini's;-.<-hpice. liica'tipnv Oakland..:.. i20<>..
\.VZ •r.x.n^".-- lie'ary .sr- : cholce.;-..ttftnsi>nt:--. . : 400
.' "42 'rcfnif f sunny torner~;..rent..$Hiy T .-, . ...iT.m
. .'{O-rodms.; funty- bSj.-Vindow: corr.tr :.... .-.2S00
38 rpbme ; -jin'l Sixth frts; ¦";." «nai). 1900
."¦i-i ruorf.s.;. -VTaylor »>t:: t.ranslen't only... . . -.'700
-.- iRt'i^orriFj Market ¦?.t J ;"offfces::pe'ririanent.5.iW).
. t,i roomV.- p'art • liou's.e'; iongUease .'. '^: I-.'. 20»K).
' •¦ S foom'si .c-ost'$1509 : -a beauty. r induced: ..-750
' IS- rbo-hs:- neTi.ly'.' rurtvished;. long ¦ lease , : -1200'
V K: C. ,1)ECI>ER; .0(16 Market:, cor. .gtocktbn.'
"7-RCK3M "house: "only $2C»0 ; . r wo r't h $500 ; -must
' • sell.- '. .DlEOICER;.: OOfr Market, \st..".-..' ,.j= ' '--.¦' . '
-100" ROOMS;' house fpr .meri ; rent $140. . ...? V.X0
"6S rooms;. eouth of Market; rent $100:-.'.l:"''«'-
• 24 rpoms; corper;.' part cash: bal.'easy;". 850
•11 rooms; good! Income; rent- $20....'.. .350
: ' 21 -rooms; water front; rent $40; lease. «0 .
120 rooms; 'good- lease: low rent. .'.:...'.. .6RO0
' 57 rm»-" apartments ; Western Add.: rent. 250
" Money loaned at 1 per cent. ' • . .
-Hotels roa«twcse« flats . 9- t'o 100 rooms.- °
¦",...- " EITEL &. CARROLL. 212- Kip-arny st.
$1 750-^27 ROQMS '. 3 . years' lease". -«nt-:|76;
. well furnished:, part new;- 'part 'housekeeping;
Tull gteady roomers; AlpSSM AN.- 850 Market.
•J2S00— SACRIFICE^ good pay.iug respectable
rooming-house; thojee ' location. .'.Owner, box
.1702- ¦•'"-.' - !• " ¦ '" -¦ •••• : ' •'¦¦'- :¦-
CARPET ¦ BEATING -AXD ¦'_ qLEAyiyG.-
AIR. compressed. .<lrjv ice cold, is now uritver--
«slly utied'*n eanitarily' cleaning, carpeu,. on
floor, without removal .or injury; prices mod-,
erate Apply B. F; COMPRESSED AIR.
CLEANING CO..,CaU big..; phone Main 5237.
i Y.'HEN you weccme disgusted with your work-
>end ftr SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beal-
: ing Work*. 355-357 Tehama st.; tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beatlrig Co.; J McQueen. :
prpprletor. 329 Guerrero «t.; .tel; .Mission ¦*?•
TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating;'
Tnattretse-. made over. 1432.How.ard:South21g
A DVANCE . <iarp^t Cleaning Co... 402 .Sutter st. : '
tel: Main •StM.'.G-E'P. WALCOM A COl. Propt.. .
liUUOLPH & CO.. Ciirpet-beatlng works; prices
. . •.- ; ea*oniablt-. '-'i?ul yHarrisou *t.; .teJ.MIsstPn 2tvl..
CONK L1X" S : cMperior C»rpet-beatlr.g Works'. :
<rj^-Gpl4«n^qa:t^;ayjCft^ec*3OJny East 126. ,^.
:-:.; : ;'-'y'-:- : y;::vCHiROPQi>igT8»';;^'. : ;'.>y.- v ;''V:;r
DUNLAP^ToOT^^ INSTITUTE. : 50 Qeary--AU
-. :"' aiimerit? of the. feet cur>d :. corns,' buri.lons.etc.
..' : . >:•;'.-^CpiLL.ECTIOV^OFFICESi i%;;':-J.l:'.
BAXGHART 'i./WEYJCRi ' : -. - : :.;';o : ;. ':?:'¦-;'•?:; '.i-
¦•-.. ¦¦:,'¦¦¦.:-.¦¦¦¦¦ --'i ¦•¦•¦•-." 'Collectors. '. ;¦-- ¦''¦-¦ ¦
¦ Np: 1170 Market Street. .^ . : v : RoPm 37.;
BAD tenants- ejected •: for' l*Y cpilectlons .made;
\ city cr country.; PACIFIC COLLECTION
'. CO-..41B- Mbntgotnery-.r<>orhp:t)-10:.tel. 5580.
¦ : ' : : ;'. ; v^OTTAG^'-'TO^LEIV::.;..:;;.':;:;;
$25— 6' •'RG'OilS;' 1 bath. ,gus; "'12r foot ' basement;.
' . - stable. ¦• 5 "stalls': Suitable, for,, teamster;,; miik
¦•¦- .depot; **tc.-:v '4^29 2t)th^ rt'lt'V'ncar. :Sanchezj; ¦¦:¦¦; :
f28- T^rP.6oM cottage ¦¦tb;.,iet ;'..". ; key ;, ' at^ '' ;
¦;,';.Hbus»/-23Q4 -Fulton-, st.;: :, '.^ ¦..-,'¦.- '';-. ' ...v -¦':¦ > ¦'.•."¦;.-¦' ;
.;..:y;,.;;vvs:;:;;s^
THUMAS OUE.LLSTTE ; special .life: readings
25c: absotuteVy''- free, unless .correct; /full
: /.names . given: '34' Sixth. si.,vrqonlg;10andvl2.;
¦- . rnoiis i't-ythii::- stamp tor: circulaiv .11'12'iEd.dy.
> -st:.;jriear; : Q'cts.vii-;;. ; ; j'.V- ';'-' a >y :¦"'¦;'¦ : -- ¦'.''•..'•¦'¦''-''"¦""'
ilKS. •••¦¦tiar.lan"iJ'*'. : circJeV' trt-rilght, '-10'c"; meetings ¦.
..'.: Sixth.. .
.^5^.:.-ELIZAB:ETII : ii6i.*»iES. "trance '..irie'd'iy'tja;,'.
-.'¦'.'Jtl? McAliiftFr; rcaiiingg daily^;circie }o-njght. :
MME. YOT'NG'S: : ronvlric4ng .test, circle '} to-'
-riight .; 1 6c: .' 619- ;McAiUster.;;:c:grne^- skeptic^
. W-: .,<>/. KEEG AN: .'-hfli.d'fc '..a Hest .meetlrie: to-ritght,
;;- ; :iK>c;;siVtipgs;;i(*:tp:12^gnd : l,tp:5..:< ; ;.;: : :-.' .•
KATIE lOftttBi-^tgd^i^A^^jK"*? 1^^'**
;„¦•. 25c: . eittings/ . lpOO Hartlspn .st.;; cor.. 81xth;/
MRS:- J: -3'. . WHitNEY>- ftrance .clsiryoyaiit,'
; : ¦ bu'eiriess'. medium 'and' llfe'.rc;aa.er.-- .418. Ttirk, •
RLE,. .1052 '¦•EIHs'.v readingi dally.'
Q;1M> <o-4:/tea:nce8 .Sunaay.and T^a^gaar¦. "-'
CLAlRVOYAXTg. •_ r ¦ ¦
: ;--• . 'My-.-- resular-..$3 ¦' Reeding; This •' Week .lor ¦ ,.
•¦¦¦ : " *,ii .,;. •¦•*i..- J . •¦.':•¦ it. :¦¦;; ?'.jj i-"--> r. -/ » i --,¦¦"= "--•» x r -... : $j../-;:
'. ..-.:.. PR.OF13SS0R ,PAUL 'DESTINE.'. -
'' : The FlrsttR^istered'.TraiJcy.Clalrv'byant and
!'". •:.-'¦;„ .'. ;l .'.p.almist .Ever.;.l.ri".S4r.; •t'rariclacp,-...-' '¦-.:-;
1 ':•¦ ••••¦- j: do-hereby- solemnly, agree'- arid'- guarantee'
: to 'make n.b. -charge' If. : I. .fan\tp>.teU your
: 'hame.; occupatjen. and'- .whaf.'you -calle.d 'XriiV I •
- '.promlEe toiell yoiu;. whether V husfcand,; wife. -.or '¦
¦¦¦.'¦ j»'we'-A'bea"rt'> "• i» ;triie.-.pr ifilst ;;"t-efi.-.ypi| •' whprii-;
. '':arid ; when you. will jri : arry;-iri/fact; 'I-wilt tell
¦:" -'"'yoii every: hppe.;'.fear 'or 'ambitibri bettef' Ihari;
¦•-¦;¦ you .can fell;; I/imprbye.'.ypu'r^ch'iSfacte.r; so:
: that' you ; Vlli/reaci'the;: highest .possible de-.-
,':; : -v*1ojpmerjt -lti; nrfntal; vigcf» ¦ liea-ltbi-.bappU,'
; ;"ness';-a'iJiii.v:ea!>acity'.''''.to : earn. "¦' wealth'; .» so'.jfou;
..." :*jrtJl-'..'J'ive. : "hipip>- 'and. ;cbntgnte<{':'th'«i'rest-.;.pf;
"-,¦' your' life;: .mediunYff' developed i-hburs lO.Tai.;: xa~-
¦\- Xo 8 .p. '¦ m: ; ¦ .Sundays : 2 . to" ¦ 8.'. ' 323 • p' Farrell'
¦'r.'8t.^826/.:-::'/: v ..V; ; I'/VyQv. y : : -^ :^> ':J/:';l; :
MME. M ; : BERNARD- '¦¦ : '-r.\ : ; . ; THEFAMQU3
l ¦;. Clairvoyant '.and bus'lntcs >' medlutti; •' pertna''-..
• "nen.tiy located at 17..Thlrd: st:. : - pext iExa miner
¦ 'blVJg. ;_>he reads- ybur; lit e.'correitly.. giyes.aa .
"accurate ¦dea^i»J^^;ef-tb^'-.jrart; < -reT(a»ls:th(i.
!.-.. present^^.bappenln^sjanp; 'portrays. :; /event,. t o ;
occur In -the',jfuture:-.lf,y.bu.are In .trouble, dts-*:
¦contented' prnbt •iatisfled..lri.'l.lfe.^pr.ha.ve;" do^-
¦-¦'¦ trestle, lpv« of '.bUBlnjess trbubl.is.'. cbrieiilt; this '
'•^¦"ViT«at"._ie^lum.-;iandv^p-i'-'*«'Hl'.^-iB^- : l^^; i tO"-
overcbme.them;. : valuable- 'adytce-'lfl..'a.ll affairs
¦" of llf*-; '25c.u'p; satisfaction guaranteed ;; read- :
. j; : tiVgS;.by.:mali;-;.'-T.eV' 1 Bla'ck;;45ta:,; : ;.-'.,••" ¦-¦¦:'¦¦:¦¦: ¦¦
JSMAR. th-i ~v EgJTJtlan gypsy. 1 clalryoykbt. and :
" paliriliti permanently". located at. 1104.. Market
' ' ; «t " cor.- .Turk; private readings l daljy,v 'lO- a. ,
;¦¦ .'.m^tp.8 p; tn-t readings 1 by ! xciafl t Jaa eatlsfao-
> • tory aa : In : - person ;:-3 ' questions', ahs witrpd; $1 ;.
fuH life; $S; send. lock pf. hair, date ai)d. year:
K of birth ;'dpri't- Send ¦.curreiscy.'.^e-ndfpoet.of flee;
. ; Wells-Fa T*o mpney; order or. registered jetteiy-
'AttMME. PpKTER. • icleritiflc :Vcl<|jrvoykntr- : and
-card reader.' borri ;wlth a'dbuble'yel.l-and.fec-'.
ortl eight; tellt the' past, present and futj-re;:
l'adlet-vftOc; -renu.'.$l'r.' by':, cards, '.palmistry.
• and. cjalrvxyarit -g,lUing;-,$1.60..-. "126 Turk aU
MISS VJEMDAR^-ybuRg' giT-ted i-lalr. 'a-rid' palni...';:
the has neitond ; siirh't ;. a wonderful -jirpphetess.;;
-. jgiyes names; 'L:-..r»0c;.: G: $1:.- 3..-i-uestions-.by •
¦ - .mall,. i 'r-airiklln-,ni-.X3.&v
Mr*".' A; H-' krbnenberK; jsalmist, '' .clairvoyant;:
.card reader, will give * gadi Ttj&.<l\rig; 10c;' tot ¦
¦ a "short tlrae Pnly; ; when of here/ fail try. me to
¦ convince ypurseif. .. '. 402 Frariklln', .near. Qroye/
MRS. L.' -EHRHORNi-'cla-iryoyariC .'palmistry;:
' .clr...'6v«>.'. Wed.- .&-'Fri..'.*i". p.;' 'rq.;- -lDc.? ¦"•631-.
: Linden, ave.,- liea'r 'Buehariaii st,*' . : -."'.-'" . -. ".';
A— Mme. Ravenna reads life'., .business advice;'
f: names. given:' 25c up.;5"ith at.; near Market.
"OLDEST- tady palmist and .card reader- In. cl'ty.
I] .-26^ Kearny.. room 20; ladies ;25c. gents 50c.
MME. ..WALTERS, great- card .reader r la. 23c;'
gents 6Oc. 351 Mission St.. nr. 6th: open 'Sun.' •
MRS.-BRQWN. clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c:^ gents '50c; readings d&ily. 132 Sixth "at".
MRS 6HAFER clairvoyant' card reader: alt- 1
- tings dally. 418Vi Jeeeie st.. bet. Sth and 6th.
" '.-• .- DENTISTS.
DR. LUDLUiThILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for. extracting when platea are
made; bid plates made over like new; teeth.
" from $8 per set; "extracting, 50c; gaa given.
A NEW plat«--«-The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20-yrs.: crown, $3 6Or fillings. 60c;
-plates. 15; full set; all work painless and war.
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $l;50"up: crowns, $2 up-.fllllngs.25c
GOLD fillings. 75c: stiver. 35c: crowns, JJ2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt,201 Sutter.
io" PER CENT off this month: estimates free.
New York Dentists. Offl Mission St.. cor. 6th.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
MTDTSw^LlPDTessrnaking anaTillTlnery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-.
art's button tc buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
DYEIXG A\D CL.EAMXG. -.
EEA breezes .e-v.-etten all garments, blankets',
lace curtains, etc.. done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works. 3915 Sacramento; phone
. for wagon. West 4S3. H. HICKMAN. pres.-
EDUCATlOXAvL. T\
A— C A LDW Et^CoJlege/of Ora'toJ-yT^Actln^'
Opera and. Authorship; largest In the 'West;
14 teachers; positions guaranteed; fall, term
begins Sept. 7; day & evening class; beautiful
new. catalogue free. 1205' Market, cor. Ninth.
UEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post. S.
F. — Bookkeeping. • shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches;
day and night sessions; illus. catalogue free.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236 Mar-f
ket: medern. progressive, practical; t^tab-
lltbed 15 years. Gret*g shorthand, fastest,
eablest. most readable. Actual business
bookkeeping; typewriter at home .free.
AYRES, the leadiiffe business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; special bummer course in all depart-
ments: handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ch'p. $50; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkin st,
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods: .-.individual in-
struction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
•-...- ? ¦ • •-.-, ¦¦.- 'v : --. t .
I HELP WAXTEP — MALE-r-Con- ' .
MURRAY & READY. *
PHONE MAIN 5848. «£!4 and 636 .Clay st.
.LEADING EMPLOYMENT and. Labor. Agts.
•Office 'half block long; 14 clerk's employed;
by. our own. printing .plant we .publish- . a
.' "FREE" Bulletin of Labor;, containing W«
. . position segregated under departments, ready
for distribution 7, a. mi; als* nooa.an'd. evtrn-
. ing.- editions. * GET ONE "FREE. •- .; • ¦"..
'. . HHISM.S WHAT ; - - ; _•; •' ••;. .
MADE-US" FAM^OtlS: '.-..-•¦. \i
• We 'know' no distinction between -.Man, ana
. Man. ¦' -.- .. "¦•.'. "' • "¦• '...%"- .-."• ¦:
: '• YOU • ARE " ALL ¦. EQUAL'.: . ¦: ;. ' . •" .
' " YOIT ARE 'ALL AVELCOME,. '
- 1902 WE" GAVE ". - ' : 10OJ-" WE.:-LL -Crl\ E-
.45.000 .MEN. WORK. ' • .€0,00O;MEN \VOKJb..-
' WE SHIP' YOU :.' •'-:•• -¦.FREKttOV^QNfe
FREE TO-DAY: : . '. .. ••_:• FREE TO ALL.
Ggderi. Utah. ' ' /.' Alt ' parts ' Nevad.a.
Ia>»- Angeles County. . '. •-"..'; -•
' Oregon. ' ' J • • ' v ¦ ' WlUlts. Ukiah. •
Arizona. •¦¦•'-.•• •- to-day;:
• .And all poi^ls North. " East. South..- •
; ' |- .Including Ogden. Utah.- ; V ¦:
' Carpenters- and helpers, pile- drivers, fence
• builders drillers single,- double and. machine.,
men, corner and bench • hands, muckers.;
. chuck ¦ tenders, " car dumpers. Teamsters.. .*-
borers • track- men. caoks. waiters-- black-
smiths', etc.. $.5. $4. $3 SO. $3. $2 5v..$2jlay.'
. Free Fare! •. FTee Fare!. . Free Fare.
Everybody talking. • Thpusrnds . goin?.-
; \re you? ' •' Are tovfl. ¦ .-Are Ytiu?.
Are.jou. ..jJURRAY &.READY, J . .
• •:.'¦ :..'.• 634 and J636- Clay ¦ aW-V
'•¦' • ¦•; "¦¦•. ••• "" coMEi : . •' '. - '.-• ¦
•. -365 labPrers; : - teamsters, city : and ¦ •• country
jobs, $2.- $2. 50'and $a day. All classes of
•¦¦work. Cpire. see., ¦ . ...••;..•,:.,;,- :;. ,.'.
. 156 Italians. .$2 25 day\ . v „.••',„ .^-.
.'¦ You board yourselves...-. -•¦. steady. J.oos..
.'28 laborers.- free .fare,. 14 miles. away* $42
: -and fpund. - ' -. : = - ' : " ¦• .«'j ; • :'¦ '¦ '
,155 coal miners, -free fare. $3 to $3 day. ¦ ¦
: 165 laborers, teamsters, -WlllJtSr- Uklah, fre«.
-. fare. $67 50.-.-'. . v ' : '¦'¦ -.-. _¦ .'¦ .. ¦•'.•.. ~>.
- ' . Da You Know — Free. Fare— • .: .
: On every train' we ship to S. P. Co's : own
:wprk. on all divisions, laborers, . extra gangs;
: '' also .'sectlon'bands:- ¦ -.-".•' "- r _\ ' ;.< ' " '.
" ...DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY. ; -. ..
-, 188 ; -teamsters' and ax- men.--$75; ... .'-.. -.¦,.
: 107 ..laborers' and drillers, $75. ...,-• . . . ..
155 track- layers.-. baliast track, $67 50. v-: ; .
• Cbat-ybu' only $.1; no. discount; steady Job..- :
' - MINES, .QUARRIES.. TUNNELS. •.. .':
.155 ... laborers^, you'll suit. . $6a.$75- found.- v
'. .86 miners, and.' tlriibermen.. $0O:.found. :" ;• :~... •
..'•l*iff:9Uarry.irien;'.al'sP"4riHers.._$82 : 'to $30... ' ¦ ',
lft> -carmen," furnace.''- men;-. $73.-'. '"-V. "¦.¦-'¦' •'¦
¦ "-¦ ; -STABLES,; FARMS, DAIRIES, HARVEST;; :.- .
';: IW f arnt; •-orchard;.-. .. ylrieyird; . hands",'. $00 to :
;.;$45-'ibund;i ¦."*.- rv-'-j'V ¦" •'•" ¦ ¦'¦¦¦¦' :"¦':'¦ ¦¦' : r ¦-¦'.¦¦ ¦¦'-•'-
••: r 3S^milkers, buttejr-mafcers. $3(>, $35, $40 founds ¦
.V'. : : 1.5^..;h^ipyfat-.'hi'hd-|,'/hay-'.baIert;/:$2.- : 5fl'; :$f?.da>-'.'
.: .*iS chbremen, coachmei»,: : .garcteriei;s^' $3Q .to; $50 ;
•-.; and found: '•;•:..•' : : •¦- :-' -. ¦'...'" r j'. : •:-''¦". '¦¦: ' -.'- '. •'¦'•:: .
; : 16 stablemen,: city arid^^ country., $30 to $^5: fd. -
¦-, : 86 -men': for. brick yards.: $a3tdv$S0- f blind. ; ¦',-..
;•¦¦.•'¦"¦ ly'l- MAR'RiED..:'H,ELP;.WANTED.';. : .- : ¦.-.--": , : - ';
¦ I 12 ; men: • and\ wl.ves; .farms, 1 brchards, nilniss,
¦."-•¦ mllls v $40; to" $T0: arid .found; A ¦••;..¦- ¦¦': ;: Vv . : :
.-. ¦¦'..•;¦' ' ;:¦..¦;;. : ;:MURRAY,'&vREAPY,v-: vr"' ">.;.,'. "';'.
;¦ --y. ,¦¦:¦;:' :¦¦': \-:~-;^\ ;\634 arid g3fi Clay:. st,>
'¦¦r:'-' 1 : ' ¦ v .'v'...'V:.':'^HERfi-ARE;TliEYT ' ?rr'' : .i?C ¦'
¦¦ ,86 lumber trusts'^'and 'syndicates. ; ; -: ¦'.,";¦ \..V :.
;-. Loca ted'.'; in ."'¦'•¦¦. "'.¦-.;.¦,¦;: Four. r '-. ¦;".".¦;. .•'•". -.States;.' *
.; Managers- herev;:. . . Two Territbrles.
¦'; •':'¦ .-'¦¦; '. .- .':';-?E : REE-^I'ARfc-rF8EE'./. '-. j-'-r-'-'.' i
:•'¦- .'8S5 laborers,-: no. experience; wanted, $35. to $70
¦;' . ajnd;. found. : , ;,; y-\\:\'-C-/^ ' :[:-.''.'.''¦¦¦':¦¦ ¦¦¦"'.} '¦'¦? .¦.•(¦ . '
-¦--18S"- eiperleri.ied mill and yard' meri",: $10 tP ¦
•¦'¦;. ; $i5Q>hd. : found.' :;-¦'- •':¦ : r"; : . : ¦" • ; ;-:';:. '¦:., :/: i " • ;;.= .
. V^i; woodchbppers, .$4Q.to ?15i> found, ':: •¦¦;'••.-. '-.
./.'¦ J3jS(j ':wbodchpppers; tlemakers, . shltigre^; poit, ;
,;/' v p'tck'et ; .;ah'd.: : &x-':bfllt;m^eiW;.~:toaia--.and:. pro-'.
; .¦¦vi.stpns:.fpun,d.;-> r . :.;.":•¦. . : -;' ¦";¦':.¦"":¦¦';.;-:¦..•—•.:¦..¦-. v .:• ;,
;..?.Bi-G;L.'.- : ' : : ; : :ft.'.v. - mVrhaX. & : ' "¦'
;-','FKU4TS:'--';V-'.- : ;?'- : --; :::^-:634:.;and;fei6-C;Ay:8t..^ - : .'.
/Ar-CjO0KS---BiG; PA'Y.^.;.V^.^.'v\^'^ i: : --"'r-: ; i-v- ¦¦'¦"•¦ .-
; ,QX)KS>.- -. ': .BIC»- PAY,; .:; .COOKS: ;: : Cp0KS.: r
, '.2(5: co^ks 'f Or h.aryest.. l and'.frult'.;rancU'e1,--'hiBiy .,¦
:• ;;¦ presses'. : etc.; -$7u. x , $60,: $50. ; $40.'-; $30-" f du'iiJ ; }
'• yety ; tew ¦¦ me'iv. to- tc«k:f or:- -rio women :.thpre:--; ;
; : : .. 4 -epeks-for, different ; .mln?s, *70. :$t>5. $5iK' $'40. '
- ' -found.-. ¦' '¦; ¦ >:."¦•¦: '•¦•">¦•:-.• •;•':' V:''yf>^v?^%'-*-:* : u i 1 *?-^*; '"•
•¦iHl cboUK''-^h'6telsj-."Te.sta'-i:i-aflts;' : :ciffei-;;rtfo^ii«;' : ' ¦'
:: etc:i.»70.t6,f4a;and.'.tPund; : I;..' 1 .: ;"'--'k.^; .'.•"-•".¦•¦•< ;
.-¦-." ;-r'-'" : '.-.."'.i:'-/-.'-.--'.;.- •."•.: .^AYAiTKTt-; ¦ ; ; ¦¦.'¦ ... ¦ '¦¦..¦¦- ¦; ¦
' VS2- waiters,; different :t>laces»; incrudirig cafes/
••¦;^ jfriii*.. $15 -to.-$;5b^'foi-ria.:..:-.. •"••:x"-" ¦,':'.••¦ '....«i' ; '..v- ¦;-.:.
"¦• : t>: :'Bell' and eieyatpr boys.- .city 'and ep'unirypo- ,
;¦ '• fiUbnsY -$15 :t<i"$3O- fpund;",-. ..;:;^-V'-li'-'-" '¦:"".'.'. '.: "> -
:' .:'.9."-iK>r-.ft» " and ¦ibcy-->a'ker-i...-:. city :.and'i country' '
•• ;|>6s.uio'ns;' $45 • to $.20'.rbu'nd.'-: •.-.'. :'¦; ;~ : • ;;•'"¦• •¦•'¦'
' ' ¦•.8(;.'-'d1shwasher8i,.<t'ri.- -'cl'ty- arid'- art 'par-fa:' of- ¦ ¦'•
"• .CsiHfprijla^.JlO-tO. $23: fouii*. ->v, ."'.:"' ¦
• -.- :-lS bpys.tp.le'arn trades arid Work Mn; factories, ;'- :
; ' " $e.tp ?« Tvteic-'.:: '\r r '-.¦ • '••¦. ••• ; - . : 1 .: ." • •:..-: " _.-- .- ; '•
T, ¦ v. 'ClOpK^.N-EYADA; $50: ' FAP.Ej PAlD>^-0 :
,'¦ Baker; •couatry." shop-. ; far<»"!t3; $Su-_ JieJper.lJSi-
.: .. • .;. MURRAy&VR^A&Yi ;"G34 : '63fr Claj-" St.. ' . !:
~v '••.••.¦>.:¦'¦¦/¦• i:^-viixik> Si en^-';^.---.:-'.'--:.-'^.-'.." '
: .^ARp|;NfERS".AyD: HELPERS '.FAR^ ?3.-.
¦ •; ¦12-..carwnt*rs..vpra1n"-.wbr-ki;$JW.:.V-'-.'.'. : .-' -,; : ¦;*-.'':¦¦ ;
' -v.15 .laborets'-'t.o'.help-: f hem. and-. iJo.'other 'w-jrk;.. ¦'
¦$67'.50.:'stea : dy"; 'good-' joTss -."for.- Arner.Ic'ans,-- :. "'. ..
t .. WATETt-ELECTUie." pi'iV?'E.R':« YNt)ICATEr '
;¦ '¦ MURRAY. A. READY. -<C4-63B-.CIay >U ¦ .
: .\ .- EXiL'EPTlOXAL'.C/JOp.-.MINE.' . -: -'- .-" "¦
:. .'15 lab<?l-er«.- no. " ex pertenre. "wanted." $C7!3«>....- ~ ¦¦
. ;.-:- .' i /MURRAY & REA DV; : fc.'M-erStt; ('lay • »V -1 .
;..-", -ITALIANS— FREE FA RECITAL IANS. : \ .'•' -j
' ... ' 3S".laborers, llumboldt t>j,. -' I.umbsi''. .. Co/;* ¦:
j..- manager at our office : $.15 to $V* and Jound;- : .
V.. ¦•;•¦;. -.Murray & ready; -a4-«3a: cray: st;/ ;, .
;;.-.'.',--;- r: . J v RPENTERS: : --'- ' : '-' : -¦.".•¦ '.>'^' '
i ,: 4 carpentcr«J. ¦ ¦ neyard and wtrfe^'cb.'-: $4fj if'd;.' .
•';* carpenters, :.. ./er co.. fare ,$3;j:$75". fqnnd.^ ¦¦•'.¦¦
. -.^carpenters, all same work; 50c ' fare; : pfaiii.'
. v.wprk. $3 to $3 50. :' . ; .;-.V:-;-' ' :'¦-¦..•: ¦ -: '¦•¦¦-¦ ¦, ':-
-.'•¦25" carpenters, big R. IV' JPb";' $J>O.. '•;¦ - JV*-'*'*'*.*-. "ft
>•¦•;-.':; MURRAY 6c READY;;to4^>i Clay; at; ;*: "
. AR k YOt;- Gpl NG FRU if PICK INUtO- DAY
.-' OR.TO-.MORROWJ 235 nien wanted:; anj-b<>dy.
'¦¦'\pain -Hp: tte:-wcrk;'-'a mart or.- i .'bo'y' who. canA'
eat.fruU.cari.plck fruttv .: ' •- -.'- '- : r: ''''.¦'! : :'."- . '. : :. : '- ;b
: -,'"':/.v.?i.rEEw-';;<A-v..:: : -:'-- ".;:;. fi-farev,-:'- ; - -
vVF^rrr- .: •;: ;•,-.;•. f - iw* ¦¦totiri£ : :-."¦: ;¦:.•,;^ ¦ :>!«V;iT-'- "
RICKING .;.. -. .; :>.1O. Tound,; " PJCKINO f
¦=-"-T.G.T>.prA-Y::.' -I'. ":¦} i ?3l» f bti.IT di [ •;.-.'- .V'^Tp-lD'At.':.; '-
-¦vSp.mi.-tg ..¦wprkyjrbti.utvpacklit)-;; "an* dry -house's':-. '¦¦
••.>:du-.ca'n-.h^ye...a';'gp^:vaca;tton:."G'oL V
>'-*U'h;:#90; to- $!?(»,: ; :We. :sftip. -NORTHEAST.- \
Vi'OC.TH:;:a|sp.>niany'.,tr>lli£'r great -wlrie.rle's:' •':.
; ¦^;¦al.UR^R^^Y*;A i .ftEA;pY.^634^¦^6ed;cla^y..•^fa :.v V
;•'•';, -"I -'• ',-"*5;0«>l>'.0O0" BANKtXG"' TRVSiy.'-"-.'--:'^'-: :¦
:¦-. < : tearnK>rs v ':4.T'hbrse; -?tearity"vjpb' ¦'year-'*i;pund i - ' :
? : **<)¦: tLtitX-.tpnng-: .";?¦." :¦•'•> * ..; : -\-.-;;-: : .-;- •-;:••¦.-•-.• -
•; '.'-3 b'abdy, rrier|.ibp'ut..ci'c'hahi; vineyard; 1 you'll'- r
>,;!!ttlt,"?2fi;;4rid fpu'-id.- ¦ -.' , /-. ': :•";•' .".-.•-." •.'•'.-.; :: : .'-".'L ; '
¦.•;>.plalri:'.carpe.ri^en-'".-fe.)w : ;4oora wni'dr,; $40 Td,:. '
.•¦'Forernan, Ki^MfL ranch.-, to. .-ftart'.wjth 1 $50'-'-4;r k cI '
; f'fo-jpna.-;'increaseT"-. :'-. .' .".,.- v 'V -="••'.¦¦> "'¦"»•"•.•¦¦.¦:-.' ¦
....^J'res^dont .of-'bank'.at' ¦ou"r : *fflce-; i 'f!fte -fiL(n". : »r*»:P
'. f a '¦< u -'&-'RfiAp.Y... : 'B34.-63g-.C)ay"-St'.- : .- '-¦•' :•
ET-ECIAL" >j ijJi^:VT : .yi^Xi m^ttJfflSanxSIV
. : m rojnofiLf-:-*? ¦-.» y. : ; ; '; ;phoxb--.^. letter;.-
V, READ-.CA.REFPLL.Y.E.VflRY; LiNET.. '¦¦' \
: ;.'P(^k/lUnch: i cpunffr."lOc.:farr. T»y>' and-'foiinii.' ' :
•'.*. ..^utch'e'f.- •shopC't-dnoma'^'o.''-. .$;:.". hn/l Cfoaq4r.r
" ;-/<* per.- fijr.' wlrxevtfbk*.'- b6'si; : here;' -.farev-ja.'SO;.!..
$i C5- * .. - ' .-....---* -'¦¦•'..¦" .¦.•.-*-•¦-¦--*:: .'. '.• . -' j. -.. , *•-;..."
,". 12' myiy.dtfr»i-ent>M«'y;T>r«-s 9 'Jab>_. >4 ''tO:'$5 "At,: '
¦ .r.2<( -merv:- .an::bad"y . -YlU'- elpVlpick'^nin«8.-.-far« : .".
\ : *i'fif'rM.:toh y^'S-.:>' ! ';--'^"V:-'--;' -; : ¦:¦¦ V ' :' " ;
-. -.1 V -iabojers;. Tgo!d ' mine.- f fa/e 't3 SO,' .$?5, ¦' '. '•' ¦
• :¦ 4'-labcireri; fcity; nnd;- fpnm1ry i '"$ i ;-_5:'.tiavl" ':.¦•
; •' :; v :.;t>a It ASIANS ;:..FR-EE-FA'RE:"v •;•.¦' • : ,-¦
• ; 'Fo> L->s"-AnK«les, "-.Sanfa-.Birbarai. *Saji ! Luis
;= dbi*!>o.":- ;¦•.':•-•¦..• ".-¦ ..;." .• -.¦.•-.:.-. •-.¦'•
• • ;. ¦ ¦ ' ARIZONA. ":$>00" -MfLESI V ". '¦' : .. ' '
I.' ;% "V. TO-DAt TO.- ARIZONA-.- • : *
i 'Cem/nt. finisher". $1 50; niachlri; hand, .furrt-*!
'..tare factory. $2 W)-day.;-2. bench l.arids.-plan-";.
' fng mill." $3-50: bark peeler... farr f.U. $40 ind*
• /ound4 -6. laborers, city, foundry. .$2'; t irjVmiih
" $-¦{; blacksmith, lumber .cpmpan-y-. north. $:K>"
. leverm'an. flre^leer. boss here. .$60 -and 1 found'
•' boys . fpr wholesalp*- -drVgslst; SIS -t'o $U5- 1
.coachman, carder-era., etc. -. . .-•.-" - ;" t.
• 'Machinist, "country winery,. -'$4£> found. "'
. -'Milker., fare^paid, Irty'o Co.. $70 ijnd fdund. -.
I 2. boys,'- .little -experience, "city, "machine
• shop. $9. • - ." •'•.'•. • •••*.;
. Gardfner and ; roacliman, fare 25o, 'boss .here
•$?5. apd. fe'und. " '• , .- •..*:
.IS boyn; city" factoiies. -and" st*ores. $2O and.
• % fpund.. $4. we>k .»•->. •' .
. * 2. sr>ool.. tenders. $riO;..2 lt>ci loadj-a. "$Ml •
• S: laborers', .lime quarry., fare $1. $67 50
• ' 6- fatrcrers, extra rood men, far-. SI 2.1 $60-
• . ' "" , : MORF . . " • •' ' !
' " . ... •" V '" SPECIAIA *
"Camp .rook; R. "Jt.. Nevada "free fare $S0
¦•tr»-*75 found • " ' • v -." .
;• R0- fruit -pickers, large ranch.- long Job $30*
found. . . • ' 7 .
¦2 yount-.men. factory; near- city, learn trade
$3 week. ••".-.
Flour packer, -near cltr. • $1 day.- • • *
."l_jn«-n. diy yards. -YubaCo.. board In hotel.
liW carpenters, country- Job. $9O
. .- EL DORADO COUNTY— FARE PAID. .
2« laborers, big lumber company, $15 found.
X'ircular eawyer $150. * *
EUREKA— "HCMBOLDT— FARE PAID.
25 laborers, blc lumber company you'll suit
" $60 to $75. v ' * *
". FREE FARE TO- GERMANY. •
" 'Cook . al«o second $125 and $SO "
.-¦" ..'•-.•BIG GOOD GOLD MINE* "
"2t» 'laborers »youl I su't fare $.'! $«7.50
26 CARPENTERS. 6Oc FARE.
For.. a .-mllljonalre'-- nw-i private <work • $D0
. ; '•..'•• HARVEST OUTFIT-' ." /.
1« men v you'll sult.. ; fa»e $1 80. $15 to $75
found. .**.'••• - * . .
•Boy. ,flre boiler. $«< 2 rough* carpenters; 8
haiirs, city. $C day. • • —
NighC atalik'man v.asher. .city dray Job..-$15
¦ week. . •'- . . /
• AValter. mine, north. $30 found; butcher, city
' hotel.* $40 found. ... . .
Butcher, knife man. factory. $2 50- day.
4- weavers blacksmith shc*p fare ?:.. $3 50.
• day.
Baker's- helper." fare $1, $30 found: elevator
¦ boy. $40 to $50.* - -- . ¦
ISrlck Better. Butte County. $3 25 y day; man
and wife, dairy. • "~
~~ TUOLUMNE— FARE PAID. '
>¦ 2<J laborers, boss here, big lumber Co.. $*>.
best Places at MURRAY & READY'S.
B.'ggest Wages 'at - 034-634 Clay st.
WANTED— A tailor on coats'. 520 Kearny.
upstairs, first floor, room 1.
WANTED — Driver for bakery with experience.
Apply, giving reference." 1035 Market ft.
YOUNG man to learn ur.derpresalns on vesta:
step.dy work. Apply 27 Geary st.. top flocr.
CpATMAKER tor country. REIS3 BROS. A
Vo., 24 Sutter st. *
¦' HELP WAXTECU-MALE-T-Coa: ••- .
rLJ^~^ -¦--.- ~ -Sy*~m,~,* ;,. ¦ -'.^ :. . ..,„ ,
™ • * ¦ *. I**"* ¦ Ti
At C. R.- Hansen & Co. ..E'raplcrjrn-?rTfA!--ney:
42O Bu«h st % _. <-_••> r {l- J u
•' -SPiXlAL. SHIPMENT" TO-£j\Y ''foi' • ' "
• - . . NEV-AbA..." ••¦¦-" ;.
•Free Fare. . . ....'. . .-. . .-".'. ;.^ ;.••,, j : . :p ; c j, - (V> •
• -Hammfcrsmen, Tecoma.'- ¦ Nev. . "j_.-.\-. ,\ .•; I *'J.J.>.'
¦'• Fence.' builder! 1 .'. Golconrla, ¦.Xev.-.-/.*'"" jjt" *i : -
". Labprers. Reno," N'e v. ".'.....;.J •.'.¦..¦.¦.; ."'$^.~n ¦
• Labor>rH. -Boowaw'e. CiolccrnTa .•::¦.'•. .-¦-,•'*•.' e.C •
':¦¦ Snip"- lo-«*ay.. : .'.-. . Fres -.Fare". .'. . v . . FVe *1 «:O
: - " .-.,.. ..And will »hln da-fly this- week-..'. ..-..:¦
. . "chef. "1st- clj('s». 'xountrj-.. hoi?!-: ;-..•; » . . :'$-;f!O'
AH- 'around-. cooTc.:- country hbts-l".-.".-. .-. . . ; .$73. '
! -'Cook.'.' night'- ccqk... baker-, -.'K.. :R.- campik- '. • •'
¦ '- • free- fare. .;. ) . . '.-.; : ¦ ¦¦'.:... . : '^' ,$65. • $5P;. ?4 V:.
: •Sh6rt..or"ier cook,- 1^5': -2d "cook. <lub. .-.•,*«.*•'..
"¦ -llish'washers."- potwasrreis's. . silyWrman-. $'J5 r »:'il»-.
• -.Por.wr .and. .runner., country '.hotirt.. .'-¦; ..:^*-:t»- -
' 'Manglf b>y. tot/ntry' hotel, .free-" fare;:-. . .$ls- ¦
.' -Walter?, fell.", elevator;. boj's.:.v..:...-.-..$4tf-.41.'5.
' Lumber piler'sr-ooun.try ;."..". .'.--. .-.' .'.-.'J'iS- (bund'"
' ".Tiinnclirien. quarrymfen.-.labcr--rJi.- ¦ mllkerv
• farmetf. "choremen. city .
:-'C.-'R. Harisen-.£. Co. .:•.'.' .Employment. Office." .
" .-429 Bush st.. .:..."....-..;...". ..--...642 st. :
I A — 2 small errand boys for this office.- $."J 80 "
'. ;c. ".r!-ha-nsen & co......:.4.t» Bu»ii st. •'.-.-
MAN- to -do janitor work fcr .ui'.ion in S.'F.- ; '
'. Barbs'r-Scbool. 741A: Howard- st. .'¦¦.'- ..'
SAILORS- arid ordinary aeorncn for Europe andl
• ¦. Australia. HERMANS. 2« Steuart st.. .:
PENSION atty. 'E. -A." Bul'is. room 40. Ph>!»n .-
." bldK.. Past Cam. Geo. H. Thomas Post. 0-A-R-. :¦
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Max- .
¦'. ket — TOO rooms. -35c .night: .reading rooms;
frea. 'bus- and baggage to ard from ferry. •
A BRANCH -6'flc* for Call advertisements and ;
-'. 'subscriptions lias 'been established' at' 10TW
.Valencia st. . ' '• ' ' ." " '.'..- :' ¦ ';':-': '.
CLASSIFIED adverttsementi and mibscrlptlona
'-. received at 'Call branch office. 22UO,FlIlmor». .
ALL sixes meh's shoes. • slightly damaged, hat;
. price. I Bfi3' Mission ft..- bet. 1st and 2d sts.
'GET your shoes half soled' while waltlar: .23* ¦ •
to- 5Oc r '• Se:' Mi*>5!nn st..'. bet 1st. and" M :stm .:
'¦¦¦¦¦ .HORSES A.\O WAGONS. . .''. V..
DAR K . bay- seMlnjr. . black- point* '. (pacerV . T '
• years :pld..l<j-l hands high.: faat and. gentm .
:slre." Prince- "Nutwood ;• dam.- Bell.wood. -
. ¦ Eclipse -StaUle, "..1375'. "Eddy V st, : . ¦ -..- ;•¦' : _"•;'¦
SHCONn-MAND' T-clre wheel buggy' and'.Joa;; "
¦ 'cart.-.Vlc*toria.'..BfeW9tsr eoupe;. surrey.' phae- :
.¦".' ; tori, •tandem .'ca rt"- cheap. • '. OVBRI.EN; S,' : cpr» ".
;'n'er"P©Jlt;st;- and. Golden Ca.te'ave. :'. ..". -.-. ¦;/::;'>
ON Account, of golr.ff . to. ¦ build, en or * •. stdck ¦ ot .
"'.-'.• wagons, "buggies^.ind' Harness, mtiut.be -sotd; as
;; sa-|riaceJSCoi rier , 15tii; ».n<t Yalorici* : *t»- .' "¦¦¦: ¦;" :
FO;R, sale— interest 1 in- ; larges't.; best: iricated '
v 'stable . i-i " city.v ; -Apply J5FpX*t:'.:^> M AGN-ER» ; :
: hay • merchant's,-.: til 5 Sixth -s J-. - '.'-. ; : . ••.,'.¦ ¦[ '." ; .' '- ; - '
. FOR sal#— -t)bctor : s Stanhope? -phaeton.;' *%, gobd ¦
...as Ww:' • At -RpBEKTS:;; ltnSo>tat;ke't' : st:.::'..;;
;HQR£jES,. wagons'.. -casts; ¦ arid^^: '.harness ;' : si no' all *
V kitida/oZ dogj-cheap^. T5 C4ty vHall.: aye>". [-¦ :: ". • '-; : .
T *^--^<^ it VF.y'^-"]fv y *?*f ;
; and one; gr9Cery,..at;5.T0: Howard'; atV ¦'. •&*.> ;¦':.;.
:F6R: sale— Handsome -'.trai; cheap. 1050,:
'•;.;•.. 'o»ii':> 1 f ; flcfc';> : ;. 1 : ; ;,-;;;•"-;.-• _ : y?-;.\. ';.:_ ¦¦¦¦ :^.t ¦¦'•¦::¦¦'¦'¦¦¦::.¦:/;' :';¦
» :Gpor>'ho-se», for/fale-. eheap.'v. S2T -Shrth . it '. '-." •:
' ;<3ENTtJS • hone:. -".will; fpllbw.-you; '. food horn*
. '-, more -.than -Jirice:. ' <*&., .Val'ehcjia.'st.'-' .'¦'.' ' : ¦'¦: - : '-J-. '
'A1.EXPRES3'. wagpin. ¦ li'Kht .': camptng -. wagpa '':'.''
.'¦a-nd- iror.a'ri for- sale 'ctieap. ' W32: *Htss1»n'-'iit. -." ¦
: j. \ : :^r: : : jK- ¦: iio t'-s e 9 '•¦ ti>: JUETi y; ¦• ; -, .- .; : ¦ ¦;. - ;.-. '::
A— PRiXTEb; .list 'of. h.Mises to 1st; send fbr.elri: .
• .' cular.. ,g: . H.. UMBS^N A CO. . 14 ; MontgqmsryJ - .'
¦-.sirviee '¦"absolUl.ery.'freei' 'take-' aU.\5a.nt'age.;~of.-: .
'•' : '¦¦; this.' Hepa-ftmentV It -'wi!l -.m'v< 'you . trm* -ami'
" 'jtVoub'*; Kiirriitufe- Cp.".. 24.r> 2jO Gear/.
.;.. fs't.;". bri: the- s-iuarev.' *; ¦ ':-.'.'. '.' •.'; .; : ;.' : .-' "c"U";'~.
BEFORE' innvlhr-.'rat.dur.'. f>Hnt«l JSat-WOMtj-MOk-"'
- "tW l^t; B>T.T>WtV 1 ;' P«-«fWt'. '
• ;A JUOV>ES : Ta;jLliT---F^n>I»HED.; ; ' ;
: Tp Jet^Handsoin«!y /'furhijlhjd' - ho--!i»>.''6f;'2l'-..'
'.'¦ -T^biofh* .'arid '•;<*'• Bith; .'.rodms; ' iricrodlnaN parlor.-
• : ;iibraiy--a'n.ci.-MU1*rd'-nc^mjV:s'u.tter'sK. : rrestr '.-
:.'¦'; ".yajri'.v.Kess : -aVe ? .' '.Apriiyv- to-..- MAX>ISON A :
:¦' BURKE^':^. Montgomery Vst;.'-; -.;;-".;- ,^.v. ,'.;;-
, .sunny ': .flh^-roraHori i'.-MTS; M.'»sc*n < c-.av», Apply- •
.:;.>fAD.I.SO5'.; & ,;Ri;.KKr::;»>' Montgomery ;st.;.". -
..'ELEG AXT-i;-Y- Jumfsheti • tot'tajre'.' ¦* Jrnbms,' baih. ' .
"..'. ajirT >>a. ! «« i ment;.v ni^e-"- Joratipni'-.'rlaHo,. - -
1 "f*e:'i rent ;?*fr t^.r' month. : V" ' tto-t : 4-1-s;; 'Oa 11..' \
•¦WEX.L.'''fur-rl»h«l'-.hon!e;- ¦'eJere'n-rootTJs.-.' bitli»' -''.*
>...**a-i a'nrt.'.eie^-'tricity^-nr.V unu-f^iCy -arid- 'cat-'
:¦: IlnVa.;; 21 Ki .DWlyht way; Berkeley..' ¦ .- i ¦'¦¦:..'}:¦¦.
:ELEtT.VNTpY.- : .fnrfils4ied > .;hb-ijie-.'..: 10 'rooms.'. Z : ¦
.'• - Kn'tJis : ,-'*V'nhj\ ;. lartje.-. .garden r '¦ sr—hd' .'view. ' -
:''j"* Qafc y**: : -' ':/:.•:'. ¦;'¦> 'O^-:;*?^ :' : .}--i. *'.-'¦¦•"'¦¦::
¦ St*NNV-..'d»t>chkl . house* fuljy ~ iurcijr'hed;. :j>,. '•
¦;;,•' r.n'nmii:.- VVff-ter-i- Adii^;'. leiis*. .' Box ;*&¦*".!>;'. CiU.._ "':
/V^v:ft'.;V^^itAJL'^S>ToV: : iET^;:"'': •-.-;,' .*?¦
¦ VAN-.;^FS»;.'aVf^-::i"i^-^AFs/t'-Jb«jsj«5«rBBjl ;w'lta j
.¦': ':ila'nce".floor:-. suitahlKfT.-lprTy.-.-rtancrng ¦«<^'>nt. ¦
: ; ? : };j V, '." :; "¦; 'tA>%'F' !\ X I» .T*Ol5> ps":../*:-'.-'V"_.-; }..
'jLCtp'T-^-A' jass'.Niote . -wtth;' iU» ;,Hrbe[rnla ; f^a*V>- '
: '."|n^"-anil'lAoah."Socfety : of- Kin >""r'a'nclsrt>" .ta :
' ¦¦^':the- name. -of. If BNBT \V I«0lNTO"N ; 6r. ¦ «T-r '-¦
: , ; KE"^ - -.VtliJG I.NT'iN- ;; No.-. 25^440. 'the. ltnd*r r
;-;:.w'Hl .plt!a.«e. : .'retu.rn' ',tb. J5anW; '.':'.. ''¦¦¦¦"•' •'¦' ¦ .'¦'':¦¦''
LJ0ST-r-;OTT:Pi«tlii'b.r '-Minna "sts.;",*- nUyef". watqri '.
V ; Oahtf' '•haieia.fne. .i»lrK- ';_ R'nturjr r"qi • 6." Farrell-
; ¦'¦¦ : a'nd-"rec<?lve.:.re«Y'ai : d'/. :-;-:¦¦¦'-.. \ ¦_ ¦¦' '¦; ,- . '•.'-.¦ _ i._ •...'•¦
. LOST^-Cla^ k: g«»\"m>tar ".hat : plri;' Uperai ".r*^:.
'' : .¦ward;'/ "Sri 1.] Pl'ferce.'.it-;-..- " : ... •" • :; : -."¦; . ' ¦". ' - ' '-' ••¦' . > .
VLOST-^A"-' Purse' -i.cpntalnin'E .- $7i ".'ind-'a goMl '
•riied^l «>jir*'il t°.- t-of'itecln: -tTo. .for "thts "o»"se''
-:t ci(T£*y cptt??;.b$ .ti^e .Ciliipynls St*tp.\f:xQp9i-'
•A'-x(olt; li.'llbera I rewal-d.""wll.l he p^id. for fhV .':
. ' ', retiicn •- :6t - : Mhe- in«.a;al - to • Cof.-(arln CC'. ' 40O.:
. .•;'.; .Ja'.c.k-ijcjn- ..«;'._.:-;/;¦.•;•_¦•.;¦•¦;• •-.- ; . .;:¦¦¦; :.•.•¦.•¦".¦'¦./
. LOST^-Tbiaciv'". 1 . Watery/ a" tjarKed '" to i ."black", nilk-
:'-'co'*d-.:w.it 1 h-;fo»v-''rhkjT ajid «cpld-..»jnK;- liberar.- '
:• .rewarjl.-'.. .S-- P.- .CO: 1 ? agent.' Corl?in;»tat loo. •
." ".Via' ' \Vesj Ee£k»ley .•.•'"'•..•".."- ; .. •-.-.. .-"¦.'
.I^pST^A'-.^asrSbobk- wUh. tti-;.Hib>r"r.ia Savings .
: .".:.a'nil'Lean':9r,cIety-.'6f San Frar.ci.-co," 1^ th«:-.
¦ ; -riam'eVf"MI(;HAEr, JV FORTt^NE. .No. '2«i'.-. - .
'¦;.' -i-34,'. -T^' Tinder- will pleare return' to.' bank, v
¦•RfTW/LRW for -rirurn. of dress -suit can nr.arM
¦ -••'. J. -A. -'K/.. .-lert'.Aj .cor'uer". Pase and" Buchaa»r» ,
• : -'.,st«. : • Return- to. Draxnatie Re-ftew- offlc*. i« -.'
•','" Geary 'stl - '"'.•."¦; ¦'." "•' *''¦ •-•' •':."." -• • -.'•
."F6UNI>--Auxuiit 'Hi. 'man's 'hicycle." ".CalL at'.
' i : TXf jjis.-i.,n >t."'ari<1 pay expenses.. •' •• . ..-;"¦¦
- : : . '.' .-I. . '..-"' MEDlCAf- '. •' ~^~ ..- ' -.. - V;
•MRS. DIl -.SVYETH, specialist fbr'all f»mil4 "
.". comp4aiins ; relief guuranteo.l; :;o years' tX J '
ptrience; Ti-movcd to SUtt 1'ost st. . . : .
Mils-. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist foV all fe- . .
ir.ale troubles and irresulartties; instant re-
lief guaranteed. lCCSVi Market at., opp- 8tn.
I VALPEAU'b female pills: best regulating" pt!i» J
'•• sold" price $2 5u by express. Pasteur's »ynng*>
" and tablets;" price. $2 50. By express «n*y on •
tet-lpt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS.
-*lfolesal»» drusgl^ts. Seventh, and Broadway.
• •• OakUnd. . • I ,
DR. t5 \V O" DON NELL— All who are sick of
In trcubie consult this specialist on femtil*
con-plai'ms; pcsiiively corrected; the uaror-
tuiiatp helped, the most dltnV-ult cases- trwt-
; ed.; a'dvlce free. Office. 101* Market st.
MRS. D. ALLEN. HIS Market-Reliable ladles*
•pedal!*: a privata home before and djrtn*
conttnemer.t; be.st medical .-are: low feea.
DR. ROSEN 'moved to =W3 , f ' o } aom n^'. C °'*-
. •K'.th: relief $10: ladles' g»clu»lve orflce.
Drs. Goodwin. TX'. Turk." nr.Van K-JJ^«
In obstetrics, female comp. :-5 yrs.«>perienc..
' DK. ar.d MRS. U.<VIKS «^ 1> .K"^ L'arkM^*'-
original jn^thod^Jtre^trne-Vll-L 9 Iuarlt3t '-
L_aies' imported * tailored hats Just In; call;
%,hwtoiUrt Ihem goingf frames mad*
g ?& &7t™«r*X* DOSCH. "JOT Po>t .'-
IIISCEIlLA^E 0 '-' 8 FOH .^^i^l,.,
RniLEP^~7ngiae*, 2d-hand machinery. McLV.
105-197 Fremont st.
T^i-n^^ TOL'E ROOF LEAK?
r££a£ it with eUtertte: In rolls easy to lay:
Sw painting or coating; good over old
iron tin or jhlngtes: beat for new roofs.
.'ELATEP.ITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Mark.t St.
A— Fine' suits. $7 5O; dress pan'.s. $2 50. Ort*i-
nal Mient Clcthtne Parlors. 2US Kearay st..
•near Biyh: open to 9 p. ci Sunday to noon.
i_$3 ;o DEK3Y and ledora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. S3O K-arny St.. near
"' Pine: cr«n till 0 p. m.. Sunday vo noon.
A— BCYS. sells or rents gear machinery, en-
eines boilers, water pipe, shafting pulleys,
etc. VHITELAW. 25."i-255 Spear st. *
NEWSPAPER route for ?ale: fine chance for
the ri»ht man. AcMrees N. A. LAR3EN.
1715 Pacific are.. Alameda.
FOR tale — Ore gasollna launch. 10-c4«: 39 ft
horsepower: can be eeen at Rio Vista; good \
crder. P. O. box 272. Rio Vista. Cal.
SECOND machinery, boilers, engines. *ram*xi.
wood and iron working machinery, bought.
•eld and rented. H.S.WH1TE.120-132 Bsai*.
"~~~ -N
•>.. ".•".;. We sadly fear' this heathen man .-.. - : : ..'..'.'.
¦ .. .\ .. • ' ;¦-. {Will-. ne'er escape..'but hope he can. '••'¦ - : ' •; " ¦¦"•¦"•. .•".,•
¦•¦¦"•¦:• .'. ' '¦ ": ." . -He much- needs help,: yet in this case . " V /• '¦ '•"'_ . '.- ':•'." '..'-..
¦ •-...: •" ..'•-. ¦:'¦':¦¦ : We can but. pray he'll win the race. ¦ ¦:'. .... "... : , :
¦' •¦ -. . . .In life's affairs- It is -.nd. boast. : '- .V'V 1 ..- .' . ¦¦:,'¦
.. ' " : «ay..'.thB."m.o»t'..: "'.:'.'¦¦ "•': ;'. ='.-".¦ • • ¦ ...
¦,•¦:¦¦ '¦ :.'=. '. ; . : Effective aid- we can extend. . '.- .... V' : v ' ' ¦ : 'i\ '.':":. ¦'.' '-^' •:'..
-.-; ~ .'¦':' ;'.- : ''T'- .And .help you to ill fortune mendJ'; ; ' . - '.,¦ '¦ \ • . .; ' ¦=-;'..'" '. ...
'"i;.*v' ¦.¦¦•¦:;'":y.;r'.v.flo,'"8hould.;ybu.'.e>r. ; j rtl8'.pa'per.need .. ; ' .- . " •¦;.
¦ .": •••'. ¦¦:.¦¦¦ . .'VT will. prove to you a. friend indeed. : ' - . . v '. : . :.' Francis. J. or- Frahk J. and AJ ice , P. Sul
livan' to- Monica- Lord, lot on* S line of Oak
street, 137:6 E of Webster, E. 27:6 by'S 155;
also lot on E line of Twenty-fifth avenue.
189:6 S- of" B- etreet. E 240 by S 35:6;
alBolot.on N line tof Berkshire 'street. 25 E
of Fulton avenue, E 25 by N 100. block 13,
Mission" and Thirtieth. Extension;- also lot-- on
W line of Bprlln street, 125, N of Felton. N
25 by W 120, lot 7, block 17, Railroad AVenue
Homestead; also lot on S line of Garfleld
street 50 E Of Bright, E 60' by S 100, lots
27 and 28, block 66, City Land- Association;
Jesse D. Carr to . Thomas J. "Welsh, Ipt on
W line of Fillmor^ street. 110 S of Eddy. S
27:6 by W 110, quitclaim deed; $1.
• Thomas J. - and Etta V. . Welsh to Julius
Ruedicer, same; $10. C-
City and County of San Francisco fo Thomas
J. Welsh, ¦ lot on W line of Fillmore * street.
110 S of Eddy, S 27:6 by. W 110; -also Jot on
N line of McAllister street. '137:6 E of Web
ster, E 00 by.N 137:6; also lot on N line of
John J. arid Emerita .A. Lepnen to Bertha
Pfau, lot on S" line Of Hayes street. 175. JV
of Gpugh. "VV25 by- S-120; $10.
BEAI* : ESTATE. TEANSACTI0NS.
Walsworth avenue. 66 feet wide, said point
being at intersectloa line parallel with NB
.boundary line of Walsworth 100-Acre- Tract,
and distant SW 120:6 from said NE boundary
Jlne at right angles thereto, tWence NW 203 to
N corner of the lot etc.. SW .11.97. SE 208.
N. 32. to beginning. Oakland; $10.
W-. W. Foote (as guardian estate of W. W.
Foote Jr.. minor) to Sarah J. Taylor (widow),
undivided 1-30 interest la follpwing- Lot on
S line of First street, 150 W of Bro&dway. W
150, -S GO E fi4, SB 122. N 132. Oakland; also
lot on N'Vv* corner of Eighth and Castro streets.
•N 2C0 by W 175, lots" 11 to 2«, block 94, Kel
lersberger's Map; Oakland; $1083.-
Same (as 'guardian "estate of Enid •' Foote,
minor) to eame. undivided 1-30 Interest la
same .Oakland; $1083. . .• .
Louis and Lottie H Tltu* ta*. George V.
Newell, .lot S.. map .University Heights. Oak
land Township; $1»>. • *
.Mountain View Cemetery ft> Mlddlemas Com
'pany hi corporation)-, lot-in cemetery. Oakland
-Township; $162.- ;." ' ¦ • .
• Frances A. Weldler to Georgine C Chand
•ler-lof on N line of Channlng way. 50 W of
•Warring street =N 70. E 2. S 70. portlpn 16t
36. •ma&.Be'hton property, stibdiyislon- lot 46,
Berkeley • property. Berkeley ; $10. . •
Alvaretta L. and James M. McNulty to Wil
liam B. Heywpod lot on E line of "Walnut
etreet "504:S'N of Vine. N 50 by E 13»:7. block
3. .map." resubdl vision blocks 3 and 4, Antlsell
Tract " Berkeley; JIO. • • ¦
• James B- and Hannah il. Woolsey to Isa
bell. DeaRin (wife of- Edwin), lot on NW cor
ner of Telegraph avenue and Woolsay »tre«t.
•N 311,74.' W- 331.90. S SCO. E 248.00. confin
ing two acres (correction deed). .Berkeley; $10.
H C. Morris tp Annie E..Endlcott, lot 14.
block 2S, Warner: Tract. 'Brooklyn TownSWp.
$10. ¦-. - ¦ .
¦•• ; '••••.-. '•'. Alameda. County.; ' * , T
Hans H.: and Annie S. Kroman (wlft) to J."
T. and tmrha. S.. Garrison.- lot.cn NUm of
Thirty-fourth, street. 95:6" E of Magnolia. B •
83:6. by- N 100, ' block ..«581,;Boardjnan a map, •
James 'y. and Je«'s!« Eccleaton (wife) to My
ron T: Hplcomb; lots ¦ 1 t'.aad "2. block- A., map.
6f.8ubdivislons<if Webeter. Twenty-fourth ana-
Vaiaei atreet property. "Oakland; $10-
- .Edward P. Flint (single) to : James J. .Craw
ford, lot' on SW. line of Santa-. Clara pr Moss
avenue, 399:17-. EE. of Oakland . avenue, .SB
45,9 ; s. SW .127.45; .>'W 45.4. NE. 121.63. block
J. map Flint Tract Np,- 4.- Oakland; $10. . .
Charlotte. ' E: Osbbrne (stogie) " to EUzabeta.
Klptz (wife of Louis), lot on S. line ..of Logan :
street; 316;3 E of Market, E 57:6 by 9 120:3,'
portion; of lot 8, block M. map property .Cen
tral Lahd. Cpmx>any,' formerly- Brown-. Tract.
Oaklandr$10..',-. ' • "¦ ' •-». • •-. , :
' ; Rbp*ev^lt • and Theresa ¦ -Jphnson -t» ."Charle*
V: Fitch, lot on W line: of -Pleasant Valley '.
avenue,: 13» N ot . Siinny • Slope a venue. • N 25.
by- W 132, lot 7; block C. Sunny Slope/ Oak- -
land:- $i<>.< .' ?' : : : - -,v . ; : -•'•;¦:•¦ •:-;, ,..•.;...-;.-¦-«..¦ :¦
~ Roberts Varidercook (single) . to S. M. . Stone,;
lot oa N corner..bf .'Lewis" avenue'an.d-Prpspect. .
:str«et VNW 10Q bSr'NErHO.-iot* l'.and 2.^1ock;
6. map of -East Oakland HeiKht?.' East Oak.
lahd^ :- : $10: : '-.• •¦-.v ¦¦¦-•*;¦¦:¦ '.¦¦^Y- : ' :".';"¦":;:- "-. ¦-. \ * - : >
Loul* D. Reeb (shigle) to = C. J. .Woodbjiry. :
lot on- NW Kpe of . SeVepth : avenue.-: 182.^5- S.W:
of East Ninth" street; NW .78:5: NE- 9.«5. NJV
46,5,-; SW 1(W.8; SE 126.92. V NE 73.15,,. blc[ck 2; :
Clinton,. East Oakland;: $10.. '¦:'¦:'¦.¦, ".'.¦: .-.' '...: ¦ -•¦¦;
lver P..Winge (sirigle> to Benjamin- Courant.
lot on 3 line. Ot Wallace' avenue or Forty-fUti
Btrcef. 2904 6 E. of Salem, B 150,' -S. 16970.- W ...
15CL6; "N 182.2.";. lots 13: to- 15.. map-Of OoCTter
Shall TractV "H of. ¦" San : Pablo.. aVSnue. Emery-'
\iile, .Oakland Township; :$IO..: .." ' ""
: . . C- IJ. and . Effie Grane. • to Lyman Aljen,- let .
on S line of Addison street. 82.25'. W of Grove.; •
W 37 by S 99, block 1; JlcGee- tract; BerVeleT;
jip. ¦¦;¦— -; ¦¦¦.¦.':¦ U- : •¦.'".¦.';. >. : > : :-V;>-':-' • ": '*• ¦•'<'.
California: H6me Building- and.: Loan "Coin-
pany; (corporation) to samev • lot" on "8 "Hhe .of ¦
Francisco street; 31 E .6f Hamilton, :"E.' 31 . by
S 135. block.' 3i ma p-.of State.. I.*niVepilt.y Home- ¦¦
stead Association No.'- *.• Berkeley; $K>,-.-.-'.."..^., .-."
Duncan McDuffle-tsIngle),- t'o' Betknap "C.
Goldsmith, let on NB cornet. of.ColWg.e. avenu*
and Russell street.^ E" iffO-.ty N- 40.20,-'bl.ock A.
map of Uhiversity^ Villa Tract, Btrkfley 1 . also
lot on Kline of College avenue. 30:20 N of Rus r .
p*11 street. N 40 by E 12Q. blpck.'A. <ame m\ap»' j
Berkeley:. $10... ."". •'• :--." : . ~ ' * -'• ." ;
. .Arina"NVJ'orca- : (wldow)'*a.Anna-N. Par»e««...
R ' 60 • €*e,t •• of : - lot, 7.: ' bjo<!k . 26, . map • DWey> .
*seehte..-Park-.,.-Berkel-ey-:.-$10: ; '. ••."•••-. " •¦ ' •"
Herman Jr. and Blanche. Eppirger to James
E. White, lot on S line of Fifth street. 95 W
of Alice W 30. S 100. W 25 S 25 E 150 N
40. W 95, N S5. block ,30. Keilersberger's map,
Oakland; $10. •. ..•-.--.
Caroline and Edwin » R. Botsford ¦ to Mattie
Lebrleht. lot beginning at point in center of
Anton ami .Theresa Hassler to Susan Danley
(wjdo-^), lot on NE ' corner of Albion and
Grpye streets,' E 28:11%. N »100, W SS:5U. S
100:5yt, portion*. of lota. 4 to 6, Aide n tract,
Oakjand; $10. . •' ' •
Ella N. Pferce» wife 6f Charles D., to Mrs.
Persls Quayle, wjfe of L. L.. .lot on 8 line- of
Twenty-eighth street, 477:7 E of Grove street.
E 37:6 by S 141 r7. . portion of lot -34, same,
Oakland; $10. '- •-'•-. • ...
Louis an* Lotte H. Titus (hla.wife) to Nellie
B. Hlgglns. lot 17, map University Heights,
•Oakland Township; $10. . .
Bernard McGinnis -to Carlrsle T. and Eunice
A. Todker. lot on SW corner of East Fifteenth
street, 115 NW of Tenth avenue, NW 40 "by
SW 145. lot. 5. block 60; Clinton, East Oak
land; $10.
Charles A.. and Alice .C. Bailey to J. R. La
fontalne. lot beginning a.t stake 53 In center
Panoramic Way, thence . along said ', center
line NE 130,. SE 130, 8W 160, W 140, etc-., NW
5Q, NE 8.28, NE 01.72. NE 100. to beginning
portidn- of lot 16." map University Terrace.
Berkeley; $10. • • •
Sarah H. McMahon, wife- of D.. to R. D
Fearey. lot 40 feet on Eddy street by 132:6 on
pwinelle street, JSeinif . lot 11, block 3, Case
tract. Berkeley: $10. *. ' ' " .
Joaquln and. Maria J. Correa to Emilia Alex
ander, wife ot Manuel, . lot on SW corner of
A-lvarado and • Williams streets. W ! 150 bv a"
53. bipek C6" San Lea"r\dro, Eden Township- $«45
'Minnie M. Richards, wife of J. J., to Nettie
M. Stewart, wife of P.'J., all Interest In lot on
SW corner of. Main streeti 160 NW of D street
NW 150 by SW 183,-.lota 13' to 15, .block 3
Boardman'a -mkp" of . Hay wards, Eden Town'
sh.ip; $10. • • '.'•.•.
.Laura L. Nelspn ; fsjngle) to same, all in
terest In- Ipt In. same, Eden Township- $10 -
-; Bridget Donnegah to Mrs. Mary ¦ Jones, lot
beginning nt SE corner of lands now or re
cently of 5 HiDolite Best, thence along* a wire
fence running thence- along saia fence to
public road from Mission to San. ' Jose city
thence. N to SW corner -land of said Best
thence E. to beginning, town of Mission and
San Jose, Washington Township; $10
Pell C and F. J.* "Woodward (and as attor
ney)- and Arthur P. and^Lettle W Holland to
Isaac D. Wood. E 20 feet of lot 9 and all
lots 10 to 17. block A, map University Park
near university, deed given to correct deed be
tween name parties November 22 1902 Oak
land; $10. • ¦ "
Gottlieb Relchstetter to- Anna .' Relchstetter, •
lot on W corner of N" street and Terfth avenue
South. NW 35 by SW 25, lots 22. 23 and 24;
block 210, Gardenville Homestead Association;
also loLcn.*NE line of.Slx,h street, 150 SB-of
Kryttnt, EE 25 by NB 90» gift/
.. laabelli' -P.-' Glark- -to'' Anna .'-C. -Harf,'- .un- :
divided i'i" of lot bri'SW" corner 'of .' Sutler and
Stockton- streets. W'J37r6 W N:i37:*; $.10;: • .
' -S. A. :A Gertrude A;- Brooks to A<le1e -Brooks..
:lat. oil,- N ; Mntr ; ot Bush Street. .45 JO '.W- 6f
Masons -W 22 ;11' by'- N 100; «10.-- •• -.v . ; '.i -•;¦'.. :
-.-'••iienry,- -Maurice- aivd-.Ev'a Gallagher. to'Cathi.
¦ e'ririe- 'Galiagher; " lot "on- S Aloe "of Qiay ¦ street'.
137:6"-\V'pr Taylbr^W 4U8. S 120. E'2i:S^ M
¦«>*, J3.2U,\N.6O; also lot" jon -N lln^ of. Sacramentq
street; 114:6 E pf Jone3.'B.'23 by X.60.-an'daU
inU'res) Jri the .estate' of- Henry Gallagher:'Rl(t.
•' • Denials'. T. Sullivan to'. Margaret '-T. "Sullivan,'
'lofo»,"W-.line % of'Jones'-street,v93:9 N:'of "Lom
bard.'N;'.31 by. W •137.:6-, gift. •¦-:::? •••/...
'."."Ahdrew.. Hussey. to; Hannah" Mc.Man.us, -.lot oh
SE 'line- of- 'Minna- street,'. 300 SW. of .Third, 'S.W.
20' by. SE- 70;" $10. • . . ; " •• ..•.¦.-•¦.¦..•...-.¦¦.•
'••Slary' J.* Blair to Efnma V." Johhsori,-. lot- on
SEkneof Shipley. (Louisa) street. <:62:11 NEflf
Fourth, 'NE 40:5"bySE 69. cfultclaini deed;.$i;.
'Estate, of James" A. -J.chnsop (by"E"rhma;'-.V"i"
Johnson, ¦ administratrix) ".to-G.'M. TFeeman^Jot
on SE-linjb of Shipley- (Louisa)- street.. 362:6 NE'
of Fourth, -.NE 41:2 by SE (S»: $5150.' ..' .i.' •
¦ l Ellen, Mary,. .Margaret..' J.ames* 'and: 'John'
Markham t&- Catherine Lydbn.-'lpt-onr. NW Hhe-'
of Clary. etr.eet; 400 # NE of Sixth. -NE.25- by "NW
80: $H). . "¦ : • . '¦• ••¦.'-••'.¦• .-.•¦: ..
' Real-- Estate, an.d IJey.eloptrient 'Company to,-
Alexander sTI.'Aileen'J-'.. Slarafi A. and- Johanna
P.. . Keefe.'ipt on NE cofner.^if iMa'riposa'-antl
qpnnectituf6tr.ee"ts'.'N 50 by.E-100;"^rant: - r . .'
• Fr£de»lck. H-; -and Agnes 'QiSalman-tto.-Oscar-
Heymari, lct-on--N llnfe'-of A "street.- -57.56 B
Seventh' avenue. E 50 bj J^ 100;.$.10. . : • •'.• '. .. '
. Oschr-Heymari to Daniel F.. Sereris'.'lot on N
¦line' of A street,- 5746 E of- Seventh avenue- E
25 by N.100; $10. -V • ' '.'¦
' 1. W. Zetterberg <o ' Charles' T. ?etterb«rg. '
lot on E line of Forty-eighth Avenue, 225 .N-of
J street, N 50 by E 120; $10.- - :
..' -Anton • -and-' FYanzlsba- H*rjn'ahn:';' to V JUlfa
Leopold,- lot ron- W.llne-.<>f .Douglass: ?tre'eUi;6O'
S of '.Seventeenth. • S 25" by .W 136;. $19-' • • ?:.*
' Mnna IJ.' and' liea Bleakrhdre .to Charles, W.-
Meyer,: lot -on SW -cprnfir of' IJatep Btreet, 25
SB of. Laldley, street, 1 SE 25 by SW 112; lot
38, : block 6; ¦ ;Mission' ..and .Thirtieth:^ street?/
Ilomestead:: Unfoa; $10-. "- ~ \:. '¦"- "' :¦ ¦¦' - : .. •-'.•'" '¦'¦ - '' ¦' ¦ : '
lot :©n'W line. of Hd'Hday: avenue and NE of
Tomaso street,. +•! M-6. W .75. " 811:11%, SE
&6:S, .lpt 11, l>lock 1. Ryan subdivlslpri of Ber
nal -Heights; Ipt CO;! $10_ - ' ¦• ¦'¦ '¦'¦ -S '¦'¦ '¦ s>- ;•*--':'¦ '-
•Perry J. and Emma. G.'.- Smith ,to. Mary. OV
Hewltvtlot : 14i;1ji^vT^*db^'»W^'l.r.Ciikro'
.street a*Jtlltfprr;f$10>;. : >': '•¦.'/¦ ¦ ' :->¦ ¦•.-:">'-¦. "¦ "• '.-"" :
. Adblphe Lerable to Josephine Lerable, same;
eifu-'-T,-^ }:».-: ¦•--.;i-- ;:/' •.r---. : V: : -';:-. :,«-^±
-Catherine McDeyitt. to - MJchaei; McDeyitt.
rot^oh:^W corner o'f'Sitfeles. avenue. '147-SE'.'of
•Wydmirigr street.- .SE- 60: b.jf «5V .160. lots" 1 'and
2, block"8;'.W*st: End. map?; also- lot- 1*.: block
C, : Syridicate First- : -Addltlcijr:' also ; -Jot- ¦', on N
line' of Crescent avenue^ 175: W of South -street,;
thence W, 75 by N . 1Q0, lgts '3^' to 36. . block 5,
Holly: Park;- also .lot : on N c Una .of Rkhlartd
' avenue-,. -.1 25 .W-.;.! of -South; streejj'.AV 25--Jby- N-.
125 :!..%, :SE'b.n.'Park-'avenu& -to. .point -ilt'.5N
of .Tticlilahd- street." 8 :ill:5;: lat- .^-.v block 4.
HeUy:Park; alsojots fl3S arid 939v : g.lft-m.ap;;. f^
• ¦• John: '.T-.-'.-pojtle ' tp ¦ Mary-'E.-' Nelson^ -Tot " on"- S
line of -Eddy street, 112:6 • E." of FTahklln^ :E
; "by':S 120^ •$t^;'--V' -. ':?.¦'¦• V : : : •'¦•'• :."\" .- ;
¦JosepbB-.arid-AMift.B; .Hortonto. John B..
(Cosgfayp; - lbt on;N..llhe;.6f..Eday stfeet^ S&. B
of • Farreii;- avenue, ¦•E / :'30' : by-.-Iir: 75,-td .correct
:i842 : p^. 37;.. $m" '- .-'-. '^' -¦¦'/: ;=• '*:'¦';¦:;•• "¦ J ;' :'¦¦:¦ *y:.
• ; J.ohn\B; GostfraVfl^ .focHUgh and : Ellen. .i!c-_.
Lane,- saint; $ISL-:'.- ¦;¦>¦.' '.'-".. • :-' : -'. :; .-. : - : '•¦ ¦ :¦':".'¦'¦-'
¦.".¦Alice : M.' ; and' Fanny ""Martlii' -.to Frank: .R;'
• Grannis; lot ori -N- line -of- California- r<reet^ 163.
W ofBroderjck, W 2T:6'by'N: 132:1^;, $10.::: ? •
.-.I :.C;-Schalff. ina'-Winiam. Rv and Acnes'^^K;
¦Flni^r- to/ EirzabeUf G-. : apd 'Elleff -M:.- Marks,"
•lof on'-.E .JLne- of.- DeLone a've'oue,:,-5546-'S- of
Kfedejtck street : S'30;b/y .E 85;- $ia/ ' :.. - v ,
. .RoDe'rt'Aj and. TEllte Vance to Stasia Ewing.
4ot »n-'S"' liner; of-' McAllister street, '175 -W..ot
rarkei- 25, ; S : 0i:lO, SB 25, N'95:6;
.cUu;":-'.-:.\'= -I-}-:: -- : - :*''.'-'-:~ ,;••.".¦¦.' ¦: : .
• : .-'AUcq 'A; C- ..and -Jerome. A:'. Hart" to'- Isabella
X>. -.Cla'rk^ "lot 'on;- SE ¦4ine-.' of -.'Market ¦' street.'
#.S\\'"pf TeTitb,' SE.145 by. SW 50;-' also-, lot
en SW Jiije.of • Tenth' street; .175. SE of . Market;
Sfi-4'a by SW14Q: -also'Undlvtded \\-ot. lot-on
js'W.line'of Tenth -.street;:. 143. SB of Market;
sE. : 3o-'t>y:Sw;-i40'"$ioV-;.;-'- .';~y ¦.¦"- [C
¦•¦ . James and Julia Jeryis to Gftorg* and EUia-.
beth .McDougali; iQt on B Jirie: of. Treat.av.enue,
220 N-' of- Twenty-fifth -street- X-2& by. E 412:6;
:$io:.-,-v /•;:7' T -.;:-.', ••¦':•¦-¦ :•¦ ¦-¦•..;: y ,-->:;-i?i-/:-;i
> George; W^. and Mary E> Wright -to Harry
A:' Wright.: lot on" E corherof. FlftKahd Welch
streets,. .SB 80. by: .SE 275;. $10, : '•; ¦ ¦ ¦; -..-•:
Jarie Walsh to' Miles. A, •'• Walsh, lot on.SB:
comer: of* MlsBton street, 375 ;. SW of Sevehth
Btreet^ SW. 60: by SE . ftO;- gift; V : V'.: -. : •',';..¦.. ;, - V
Danlel/ani Mary QfNeljtt- to; Leo Rosenfeld.
lot on: NW corner of ' RjoKgold street. 2G0 SW
of Eighth- street; SW 25 by NW75r $10. :.;•
Day M and . Jessie Hartley to v A. :W. Lehrke.
Jot«n "\V:lino pf.Penns^rlyanla : 8treet.I 15Q of
Eighteenth "street,:. N' : 25 by W 100; $10. •..¦:;
Frfix . H. Irvinto' Sptorhon Getz. lpt on Ellne
of Forty-ninth. avenue. 112:6 S of K street, &
25by B 120; $10; '.;<;:¦-;-: ;.;. ;.;-:;.:¦-..-.•
. Mrs. A. .Franklin to J. A; McCuskcr, lot on
NW corner of Moscow street, 150 NE of Chirta
avenue.. NE 75 by NW' 100," lot 6, block 71,
Excelsior ¦iromestead;. $10.. ¦'¦'• '\\-' : - ".'.':'¦': ¦'.'.
Twentieth street, 122:6 B of Howard, B 75
by N 95;.$- . ¦ -•
Cenrad Fink to William E. Shepman. lot
oa E line of Central avenue, 100 N of Grove,
N- 25 by E 106:3; $10.
Estate of Thomas M. ;er Thomas McMahori
(by Margaret I. McMahon. executrix) to Fannie
Bonzey. lot on S line of Halght street. 206 W
of Broderick, W 25:0% by S 60; $4000..
Daniel Einstein to Gustaf A- Hult, lot 'on W
line, of Lyon street, 75 S of .California, .3 23 by
W 8S:5r$10.;". .?.-. ' '...'.
Mary and A.' Brooks to. John ' A.
Hoots, lot? on N- line of Waller street. 34:7*i
E of.Shrader". E 25 by"N 100;-*10. .- • •' • •.
Daniel, J. S: arid Marie E-. Michaii or Mlchan
to Mary-E. 0,Hourke. lot on S line of Dorland
street. 210 W of Guerrero/ W 125 by 3-115; $10.
'. 'Hibernla--Savlftgs and Loan ' fociety to" Mary
A. .Burke,, lot. on 6 line of Twentieth street, 15o-
W of .Dolores; ;W 25.by S114; $1100.. 'T'
• Harry Lachmari: to -Alfred Harris; undivided
ninth of. the. following: Lot on N>V line of Mar
ket street,- .88 S\V .of. Church. SW 25 by NW
:100,NE 22:10. SB -2:10. -SE 08:l«i;" also lot on
NW line. of. -Market street. 123: SW of Cliarch.
SW 25by.NW.10O; also lofon N line of States
.street, 100 W of -Castro. W CO by N 100. lots 17
and 1$.\ block 14. Flint Tract:. $1Q. * ' . •
William . ar.d" Clam " McCormlck - to John.' A.
McCormick'. lot en S' line of Liberty street, • lOi
W of .Church. W 60 by. 9 114;- gift. • ¦ : •
. Maurice A. 'and Amanda Walsh >hd Theodore
Hand Lii.cy Pptthoff to Jprgen M. Olsen, lot on
N -lnie.of Twenty-first street, 75 E~of Alabama,'
E 25 by.N 104:" *10. " . .. ; ' ." -'¦ . -- " "
Margaret Ha.yne's to Mary : and' Patrick J.
Eheehy, lot on NW corner of Twenty-fourth and.
Alabama streets, W SO by. N 104. reserving life
estate;- gift. '¦ : -. " ¦ . .' • ".--. ..-..-•¦
Milton S. and; Lena- Eisner to Gustava and
Christina Anderson, ' lot. on N - lino of Army
street, 60 Eof Harrison, EtOty N 100: also
lot on E line of Harrison street. 100 Nof Army,-
N 2&;by E 100, quitclaim 'deed; $10. . '.
. Hibcrhla • Savings and Loan Society 'to WU-
Ilam- McGrorey; lot oh N Una of Twenty-ninth
street..2O5 W of .Njoe. \V 25 by. N'114; .$500." .
; Giuseppe and- Giovanni' M. • Maurinb. to Giu
seppe Creriiai lot' on~N line of. Greenwich street,
140 .W of Dup.ont,. W 20by N-9O; $10. .. ¦¦ . •'- '..
JphnvRosenfeld's- Sons' to Hajnrey ,H. Dana,
lot on SE"'co"rner.of Stockton street 'and- Union
Square- avenue .-(Mprtoh' street).. S 44 ,by E .70;
$10. •. ¦'• .'¦•: : : ' .••¦:::•¦::¦ -.'-¦ :- ;-¦:¦:
.Harvey.H". and tlHle P. Dana? to John Rosen
f eld's Sons, iot.on S line" of Oeafy- street.; 2T:«
E of Powell, E..50 by S S5; $10'. • . • ::• '" .--,' . 7
' : Robert. D.-Cunnipgham .tb-.-Ella. Cunningham;
lot on' SE. "corner of -Washington and Reed
StreetB, E 81:3;- S *>7:6. E "21:3 ; S.20, AV 10'2:0.
N 77 :G; also lot on E- line' of .Reed street, .117 :«.
N of Clay. I* 20. by. E 6D:4i$10. '.:;.' ,. . -'
¦ Abraham Ituef"tb--Fa'nny E.- Pattbn,-- wlf e of
DqnaM, lot commencing 73:11 1-3 N of -CJay
street and 215:7 W of Hyde street.. N '33 -6%. W.
67:6%. ; S : 31 :9%.. e: .42:0%,. S 6:0%,;E 17 :4% ;
?1O.; ¦'.¦;•¦: -.¦:?: '¦:.¦¦-¦ :-\:^ :':;:¦¦ - '-.Z ':¦?:'.-. '-: ; 
; Fanny E,- and •Donald-Patton .to Stephen-.Bet
toll, same; ¦ $l0v • '•" ¦': -,, -•. >-- .'.¦.'¦¦¦¦¦: .- ¦ _[_V
Julia. A. Foerch to E. .j>: JBlocfc" lot on NW.
coTrier of Howard streets 6P0:.SW : ¦ of .'¦ First
Btreet, SW. 5Oby;. NW-85;$l.v.:;' : ' >:.¦-.-¦; v:-> ¦-•'•
E. Di Block to .Addle: M,; Chaix, eame;- $10.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1903.
13
OCT. AN TEAVEL.'
WISCJEJ^LAIVEOCS FOR SALE— Con.
¦ TRY our- men's shoes a t $1 and $1 50 pair;
.fwit-rorm shocF at ?2 50; we pay e-cprrss
. .•harpes: 11 :•><% ft .. Exam., bldg. : cataipg Iree.
"""'V* j a!<^ F1 . ne ftea «. autotnobUe In perfect
' *¦*•?*-• «S2VJLyon st. • -. "... *" /. •
' 1 *°Rv !!^^~ " rwo *OOtdr coil If j)uj>?'; podiKfce.
.?Aj&te?m' bey! gtfo/og office. -.. . /:¦;-: .-;¦
¦ *. A "'T?.^ E *f ?*-' c »rat'r;erfec?»hite~aiamorid it. a-
•. .;T»r<««i|'-. XQ fifrtlr st. •.'¦'.. ... .-
• : ~~~ • ;•** - ' * * - ¦ • * • • • '. • u '
.-'.ivWlGESr runts; best !'"h*n ipisaoasT^CtiolC*":
V t ?:"y < **>*. .'Addresr 2041 Lin.deri rt. Oakland.
¦'- . A --"i C 3£ E . s JURGENSEN . 5-miriut.e • repeating:
" ••.*? t .^\ th; .* v^ r >".- reagonarJl**.:. - 10 Sixth >t: - - '¦-"¦: ¦ ¦
4 } - S»^-a>OSlE^TIC liewfac "machine: almpsi new;-
:ll} r 'I21^}V^ kPa^- 'l015~Mig--lpn:8t-.. near- 15th,.
faVr-C*hesbp;*Ucket to Denver. Box 2145.
•• -'Oil' 'c.ificei •' . -. -. •• .'- ¦ .- -..•¦' : .¦'..-.".'•:..¦".
-.°,-^^. * ( " 1 ' : ° na *hand Whitewashing machine at
'HOBERa"S. 'l<;iar ; Ma;'ric>'t--"st ! ...r-:-'"-v- : : '/";'¦'.¦¦• "'¦•;¦-'.
..lVVMl'S-tarat diarrisjrid . ec'rr-l'ng's' at a' bargain.; 1
. Sixth. et.--- •; ."¦•-".•: ';;¦;'. ¦¦, /".¦-¦^"¦' ¦.•.-"/-•.".".¦"¦.¦¦¦- ¦¦_ [
..-;.J OVING. pictures; magic lanlerris. sale, rental;
.' ¦_- ba . r . KalRS '^ . Bollard & Bryck.-. XZl Post st.
.¦ \-:i.KH. or ripe. -and' -flttlnKs: h!l belies. EU-'
"._. .lENE RILEY. <& .SflXS, 1-09 ¦•¦Valle-Jo .st. .
• JCOV1NG picture' film "and eon j slides. 109
\ --Mbnt«praery. et ¦¦¦•'¦: ¦;-., ¦¦ .'' ¦'. , '-' ;V ¦ ¦- .'".¦¦ ¦ '-.-¦'•'= ":
.tAFES— New an'dr se.ppnd-iiand. E. B. . BECK
"• ' • * -CO... • 122 Market ft. .-.-¦'.-:> ." : ,'-v ,;'';'
• .All 1iergralris;campstobis a'r.a chairs, harriiitocks.:
; .-' myHl.be<ls.mattress<-g.J..F.Hotter."i2 Mission.
; .Edison phcribgrajihs.- i-ecpras. supplies; .moving-
" •*- ¦ *** ctur * mac :hjnfE. ¦'.'fliffiy,'-. .Ivacipalypl.; ;0S3 Mkt.
¦GASOLINE engines. 'autcmobile* and launches." :
¦* ail eli^B.. J. IT. -J>pAK, 46 Fremcnt EC : •- ;
•¦' BATES- New and : seeorid-Harid. . -THE. HER-
:¦; MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ASK tor rrioies. on :*ecf>nd-harid typewriters ;sll
¦ 'mak'eir.- ALEXANPKR A- '"^>- : . 1*° Mortyy..
',- :/...'•;>.^sciiiAtAxizovs waxts. : . . ;>
-. T-l"L"TON Varj" '-xoioid- eecondiharid clothing arid
.'¦ihetctrlcal. goeds. 1S4 9th st ; tel. Jessie iS31.
. • A •¦'.BIG'; price paia • Tor eealskln?;' send postal.
v ¦ •.S*!;-'S*-oVKTpn : ¦ft.'i.-'.r.h.ori'e- '¦Buy'h-. : 4'»4"/ : ' :'- : .. - ¦';¦¦¦;
¦ . . moxev; to. LOAJf;; •. .; ' ' (¦ ¦ '¦'¦;.-
•AAAi-IiERalAN ilUIlPliY. ¦-":.' "-: •¦.'¦•'' ..':" ¦"'¦-:
;;:¦¦;-.; j: ';-;./ ¦¦ i '--; : -:'-''*^^Hp^« r *'-»*v«««««T tuiiaing.
.¦-.'-Quick -settlements;' no disappointment.; ¦ '. ¦
¦.-.••¦.•..', feave- expenses by' dealing directly.: ¦' '. .
. .-.'.EEtatf-s, ; ffecpnd mortgages.- .--un'dlvided lnter-
: • .- '.f^ts.- asiEi&rirhects .of • rents, , property In trust,
; J . *tc".: -.letfacjee, life, er tates and- undivided ln-
. ¦;•.- **«j»5*^ -tfl'-'i" j**Pfi *HT/r^**ry ; n* J *1 ."- :':"'•; * • • - "'; ." -'.'".
:'.- -XJourtecus --'treatment. . . . Strictly confidential.
'. ¦•.¦¦-•*-:.: .-:.-'• When You Need Money .•'..•.:• ' * .
:;:.;._See CEIiMAN MURPHY.; ¦-;: .-'".¦¦.';¦-:;:.."
. •' • l:"x ta4 ' a'dvaribes diamonds. Jewelry, *t
'¦':. -'lowest- ! rate*./. ."Baldwin .-Jewelry Store,- .848
'.. 'Market -'st.4 tel-. Mala 1C44. ; Bran-ch; ¦.i:«'..TTilnj-. 1 , i
" MONEY loariei- to /'salaried! people, .'.retail '-sierr.
V chaiits. teamsiers.. ; boa^rdirig-houses, wjiheUt.
security; 'easy'- payments^ largest business :l*i
1 ' 46,rrinclfcal cItie*.-.Tblmari. '5M Farrott. bldg;
A— 1* per' cent on -f urcltuje pr piano ;no removal ;
no comnisficn-; r.p Turi'.clty.;- $23 Up; .quick.
auj'etl . confldential. "«J Montgomery st; r. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
.' . LOAN.S FROM %\ TO $10.000. : '- ;¦- -. v .-;:;
AT cut rates on real e£tat»,!rurnlture or piano; J
. no co-nmiEElori. • E. -"•>'. LICK. M03 Mutual
'Sav. B.k. : bld..- 70S .Mark-<t; .rhone. Mala 816. '
6. F. DISCOUNT AdE^CY^Lbaris to ealaried
* . ' '•¦'.' -•:.-¦.,..-• people : 0n. their note.
.' THE TOUgLEY -CO. ;..;,. 143 ;Phe'anBiag.y;
MONET to loan 'c.n ¦.•p'w : .iritereF:t;' gold, sllyer.
iJjd prtciptis -stories bought
at tc. .J..' HEsT-H-AL'ig !. .10 Sixth ¦ «t..-. '-'¦. ¦; ;¦¦'.". .-.'.
MONEY loaned !-.ti> '--salaried'. -employes. O.-' W»
MILLER". ronm'-ff./flfrH. flobr.-.GhrbriicIe ;.'bldg,
ONE* per. cent' on'-furrOture* -$5a:riiofnth on' each
$ 10'X) ; s.p-.veecut'lty.. 302 "Mdntcbmery. na.: 18. ,
i'% ON-.for'n'.tu^ &'.i)faabs',-$r5"-"P.i; no reriaiovai; -'
¦ V r .- TREMAlN;-.|'r^»n"'::61 t -'!6>:.Eddy'.-Bt..---'flbbr: 4: '
ALL' rbahs'qri *<Sl'4m'bnds-'"ss4 jewelry. 2 .per cent
. mo 6. Fl-. Ccllaterif .-Loan- 'Bank, 638; .-Keairny.'."
ETAR -Lca.n'-Coi •oT'-'*^'>pming r loan's- money: to '
- salaried .«-?i^I&y.es'.;.K.3ll.MMtu'il ¦ Sav.Bkbld.
CASH' loaned- Va!&ried;'" : r!f;o'ple"bri' riot.es-with.Qut i
¦ lindrmen.-..--MQ'RnF:i>L. .""COO Examiner bldg-;. •.."...-
: • • bivsical;' i*vstuumexts^ ;
A >:-K\V'Cone<tK)n of fome uf our special' bar-
-jajc^; ¦¦'. 3 ' Hein«, ; , <ly">.'- . 1237. *SJ>5; - 1 " Heine;
¦ niah'p:- baCy -grand,.. $723: 1. Conover. upright,
Italian: '. walnut, .Jie-w, f 2C5; -' l.-_ ..l??hr . ifros:..
' s-an Dcfr-lngo m'ahg%"''uj.'right,. ihew:,', $24'7.;'.X:
?' MaFcri--V.-Hafr.Vin,. new 'b^rl".wa4au(,". $285;;
' 1- KrelV #nia-n's!ze.".4arlc.n'iahg....al-moBt'.'.new-.-
USA; 1 -'S"!rijr«?r,- i--D8htl>-'- ut tvl.-' Jlt5;-2- Stein-".
' -»*>.- 'jar R fe_:anA' enC.aU iipriirhts..;.41G5;. $£&.
¦ ' 'Cfikkering.-jprtpjvt. rood-.-cr 1 -' 1 ' 1 - 10 ''.- ?IS3,- I'
' F.lsher" uptight.- $S7;. ."i-.e.ollaftl.-ujjright. "f^J;
. Fhvn^an,' & Jlyde'.uprVght:' till;.- 3- saghtly.
• Vkcd plttnovplayeM.' "$aO.':"f J-sS.'-JppS.V'.Orgfcri*-^
* . 3 Mason-" A t Uamlln-"' f.25; -tlb, *.i7";' others :
."• ¦. ffom.fro-up';-.- plkn'os. ".pentad. *'2 -up; .aj>ply...PB
purcTnaefe -r'riire;V.lns'taiririefc*i $4 up;..£ash. dis-
'" 'co-rat, tr.paid irt" vwo.'-yejaira." :•¦""-•. ¦•.'•" V : -."-;.
' •-" '-HEINE-". PIA"NO' CO.." 235-237- Geary st.
v 'UarKesl-'^'rcTuEive-'riano '-bouse -'of* the -TV.esC
• A>trn:s -ttie. :Ga*aler, "35'rell.'.Ete«er r Heine. :
- girjger.^ptc^ .'•-•¦"••*•.•¦;:'"¦•'..'¦ •''••'-; ¦' " ; ' - ' ; '^\. : -?
A SMAl:L;Va-Jr.ut. Emerson" upright,, absolutely
' ,tlk» new,.-;! 135/ .'. 237. Geary «.. ...'¦•.:•-.•'..';¦
¦£TEINW-AT! /uptight. v-ieTt ' by. 'private' party,
: - .$IC5;' «-.grrea;v -bargain::- 237 JGeary st.: '.•:¦•.. : .'!-.
'A OHANi'E' to'-.g-et- a: good-.-planbfor.a -email
• : sium' and:, then.'- eschaage- for.':'a better' brie, by:
¦ " •' and -by" is ' w.hat "we ;o!Ter'..you. ;' ¦>-• '¦ .-' .'.- .'' - . ; .'•
. -¦ Our -paytaetus -'-are -easy and ¦ the Quality Jef
¦ --trip- jMtniuiients' all-' '.'r.iirRt.- ¦ -.Sonae'.-aa.- low-' as '
.'.i*o.. .*ri-E;.-?fcNp. mauVais Music Co,.
' .7«a; 3blaikci .*t;-:-.-,. v. :.'.*.' .; - ¦ : -'..;.- .:..-.'.--' .•.•'¦.
TH E "srreajteft ' ojiportuni t y - ever - : bff ere'd" In "Sari '
Frwic's<ib".tQ -g'et''&'.jgood.- reliable'. {-'iapb 'cheap.'
¦ • .B.eJo're."pur". fjemo<-jtl u"e-"willKacriflce .any' Iri-
. '• ;.*t'r.uipent :.'for.' <ash.-br..i.ri's*.a.llme.ri*4. . - Ca'H'or :
' "¦jStte.'foir prices- 'and -term* ait' once./ KQ'HLER •
. I -4 ...Ctj[;ASE. . Estabjisheili-SW)- 30 .O'FarrelL.
' A FEw : cprighjt bureains. f rbm $to up; "cbnHpris'r
¦ '. ing such"; "iiake* "•as- -Chickering, Jacotson,
. Tp6<?« .Svrllr.g, • Kriabe,.'.FU;cher,:.Schw«k:hten;
¦ "CvVjer, ' pchuman Juvl others; '.easy • payrn'enfs. '
• B"ENJ- :; CURT-AZ.^ POX; .W.OTarrell st.; ia
brgnc'hep-.'irf .' E^ri; Francesco-. . -¦'.:.' '¦''.. -'- '"..¦: - '
BAND- ir.«ru-Eents.': -'F-.'--B<?'?!-on---. Paris; maker.'
- Cus.Katwaid. AM-' Pac. Coast. 27S. O'Farreir;
- ekilJful repairing'; -2d-'hand -'iri'strunien'ts 'sold'.-
¦ BARGX-IN — Standard -iriake-urr : ighti"'-<5od" 'OQB-J'
¦\CV.i-6h.'.' ¦& CO., 10 .McAlltster. stt '..
.t'r. redeemed" etorage'. pianos ana 'Xurh'iture -. dirt .
. -<-he«g... W'hi.te head's fetorage.. 1636-.Ma.rket.-- .'.-
BnAl."*riFfL 3-P*dal Steir.-»A} ; tjjjriEht' fila'np; .}
". .perfect prd<?r: sa"cr!flce'. : Ke-ette's.l;85.C>Fa.rreU: |
Bt'Y 4:vct- f r«m the factory-: and' save' 5O per j
. cert..- HORNUNO. 21$' McAllister, st: "..'•."¦•
BEST 'rebtlng piano 'city 'for. $3- per -month". 1
SOOTT-CURTAZ PIANO.-CO...rffl>'Hay"es "st."i
" 6OHUER, Brron Mauzy piano*. Ceclllan .piano
player. BYRON MAKZY. 308-312 Post st.-.
. , , — : __
; ". PERIOR violins, zithers, eld and new. *H.
MfLLER. n-igker.. repairer, 2. Latham places
OFFICES ' ASD 'STtHlES TO LET* •
-^— -,, - — — — — , — *—^^..,1..— .. _. ~_^.
EUNNY front' office or desk room; open Sun*-
day. 850 Market St.. room 6. '
LOFT^ TO LEX. - . •
LOFT to le*s«A-C56 Mission st,. NW. corner
of Ancle; light loft of 4000 square feet; pas-
senger and freight elevator service; will lea*«*
Jot a term; rent reasonable. SHAIN'jyALD.
BUCKBEE & CO.. 218-220 Montgomery St..
Mills building.
PERSOSALS. :
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
TYrlnkles, yellow and flabby ekin. birthmarks,
i-i!!|/n pittinsrs and scars scientifically re-
moved without cutting, massage, electricity or
medirlnes- special demonstrations this week.
Call or write DR. L. -WILLIAMS. 371 Ceary.
WANTED 777 ladif* wJth scalp diseases; Ipsj
of hair and premature crayness prevented.
(Can treat by mall. Blanks Tor stamp.) Con-
-mitatipn free .6:30 to ti; Sundays, 10 tp 12.
Prof. "GEO. : A- GARLOW. Epecialist. room
218, >m Market st-" '
EPECIAL— Reduced for the month only, home ,
treatment that you can use -at your owa
home, removing wrinkles, tan. freckles. leav-
ing skin clear and smooth: to be had only at
ayefflce. Call or write *I. ELLA HARRIS. .
7M OTan-elLtt.' .
THE' Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, inw
prove* Its growth ;stops falling ;cures dandruff
•nd Itching scalp; no e*ain or stickiness;
. clean: et ecalp:at druggists', hairdressers ;ac-
<ypt no eubsUtute. Etar RemedyCo..3»uGeary. •
HOT bow cheap, but bow good, is the motto of
the manufacturers . 'of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st • ¦
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call- or
•Aaron Ontral Pharmacy, 251 Gfant ave.^
' ccrner Sutter St.; fee moderate. ___*_I
AFTER this date I wlU not ts responsible for
any debts contracted by. A. B. Hlnckley Jr.
_ . A. B. HINCKLEY SR.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday a.nd :
Eundty evenings 'at Teutonla Hall, Howard
ct.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
AT lees than cost, uncalled for suits, 'overcoats
and trousers, at CHARLESL LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market Et. • '. .__r •
THE h!«rhe»t price paid for ladles' .or '
catt-cn* rlothinp and all articles of valfce at •
WEINI'ERG'S. 114A Ellis gt. .
"BRING your coctJs; wUl make tailored ehtrt
» jLitl. II. The Fashion. 1129 Market. .bet.7&8
¦I ELEGANT suits on easy Installments: 60 cents
I and up pf r week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
1 ket.st., between Seventh and -Eighth. -, '
i MHS. RUMPLE will t* pleased to me«t old and
-J' pew; friends at her niilllnery parlor8.221 Geary-
i ALU'slylcs halrdreaelng, 2Sc; hair goods; mam-
j curing; 25c.G. LEDERER.123 Stpcktpn st.
!TA1"LPR-MADE suit $7 SO;- dress pants $2 50. "
', ':¦ Mishi Clothing. Parlpr. cpr. Bush and Duppnt.
' errERTRLCOl-'S hal/ .arid moles -removed by
" '-.; >lectr>c needIe'.'.Dr.&Mrs-.Tra'verse,1170 Market;
M^PQUERADE- 'costumes., play books, wigs', .
... "country, orders. " -GOLDST.E1X fc CO.. . 733 Mkt
¦ :ALKREIJ.l"M : 'S'Eg>-pti'an Henna .-restbres gray
: hair tci.its -natural -'cplor; $1; at all druggists' ." -
t5iip«rCu'ou> ha.l'r -and -moj-es removed, with --elec-:
jtrif.neMl?: .'Mre. '& Mltis'-Tatoh; 1119 Sutter..
;PAPKItn'AVGlS;G.:" I'AIXTIXG.: ETC. - :
RO.OMS "papered, ?330- up; 'tinting; .paifn'ting.
.".Hartmann Paint -Cp.>. 319. 3d;'st'.;tei:Malo 413:
. : I*IAXOS. A\p- bkiJAXS;' ; ;
PAHT. of our list- of' bargains in- second-hand .
¦'.- pianos ¦ tor Seji.tembe'ri 1903-^-. .".'¦¦:: •• ¦;:
'.'¦.':¦¦ ¦-¦.'¦¦ -. ¦ •¦,.".'-,-;.' •": Original • ,- -
¦ ; • . ¦ • .'- .- : . ' • • :¦ ¦'."•¦ -. ' :¦ Pr-ice.Now;
1 SCHUMAN :& SONS--.- " -. ...
'.- '-• .Wainu't. case',, mediufti size, '7.1-3 -.. ". -.. ¦".
: . octave's, three pedals, Taised cari-ed "• ' ¦¦¦
panels, in K"ood condition. . ;:: . . . . ..$300 . $140
' : '.:1 -¦ RICHMOND-^ -..- ¦..-••¦,•¦¦•.¦¦'"-' '".::¦- ::¦ -.-..-.
Mahogany case, t mall size, -raised- ¦••' -. -
¦carved. panels," 7 l'-'J ' ¦octaves.; ".: three.: .. ' • . -
' "¦ -pedals., slightly- 'used. 7 but' in good- " - ' '. .' •
' . condition ¦.-.;...:..;. > :... : . > I.......; 300 '.173
¦; : 1 SPENCER^- ;-V •¦¦-¦-¦;¦•;¦•..•.; ¦•.:. ; : .: -,.".: : -. - :
: ..:: - ; Waln-ut case, cabiriet. grand t erir "', ¦• ¦-. ••• •; ."
'. grayed panels, three pedals. 7 1-3' -.¦'...
: «<cla ves^' good- ccndltjon •.'....;.. ....325 180
2 HOWARDS^- " . • ¦;-:«; : . ..:'- : - '. ¦¦¦¦¦ '¦
¦."'•' -Walnut cases, mediuni size, 7 1-3 . • '¦ .. ;.
¦ • octavei?,. three pedals; mandolin-, at-' Vi'jJ'- ',
: tachmerits.- good conditltrnv eachl : S00 - 1S3
1 MQLLENHAUER 4;BACH-r- • • : /:
-- ' ¦ Walnut." case, . large • eize, raised > ¦ • . '¦ ¦
carved, panels, thr»>e pedals. . 7- 1-3 '. : • •:
Octaves;. In -very', good condition...... 330 V 190
: . I'.XEWMA-X-.'BKOft- •¦¦.•¦"¦='-." '•"- ' ' ¦ .-¦¦.¦
¦ Walnut' case. ;. large :-«=lze: upright/ . f. .-¦'. : :
' .7 1-3 octaves ." thoroughly renovated.. .,'. ••'
*qual to new .....w.i...>..:..i. i 350 200
".' 1 LUDWIG & CO.-r •:¦"-' = , : ;./ :; -.:;:.•;••;¦¦
'. -'-Oak medium" size,- raised ...:...-
' .carved panels. -7: 1-3 octaves... three ; ..- ••' : , • ••
. ¦pedaJs.'gopd.torie.in' fine-condition.: 350. -;-210
. Complete lisf furnished on arplicatldn. at-
burBtore.. ".-: '-. •: -'SH-EKMAN. CLAY.& CO.; .,
: '-: , •-'¦'¦¦ '.- : ¦ -Corner Ke'arriy and .Suttei-:, sts. .
'. . ••'•'.••' ROOMS': I^ft UOUSEKEEPJXO.;^ ¦ ;
Bl'Sli; 2133^-Two -beds and small kitcne.n.;'.gas
¦ ransre; rufihing' water; aeparate entrance,';;.
CI.AT. lt23, near Van. Ness aye.rr i 2 or. 3 -rooms
for ;hqut-ekee;>lrig ; furnished or jinftirnlshcd. : : ¦
DEViSAbERb.-TOlW^— Three sunny unturriished"
. ¦ ¦ .housekt-ppiris:'. rooms;- running, water; gas; $14 :
¦ .-y.'>er month. / -."::'. '¦".-. '•¦::.:'¦';¦¦'¦'¦' ¦'¦;'.'-*¦¦•.'.¦.'.¦ -".•¦' : --' '"
I KIFTJI t'.it'A-^Z '.'¦ housekeeplnir, rooms, 2- beds, .
. j: '¦-.: jn'50;; 2 hpusckpff;. $13 pi); ;sl?igle,- : !?4; ,i|t> : .up.;.
1 i ; CRNiyHiil3:houESkeepi.ng rpprris'. ;; In;aulre'«05.
¦I.; : Buchanan, st:./.'. ".'¦;":;,-.;..¦¦ '_¦•¦¦: .; : ;-*'-. ¦'-.- .' -• ' .•'¦"¦.•.' ¦ .
i HEliBERT • (The).^:Sunny-> apartments '. for.'
' h'pugekeeplng; gas:- r&nges;\i\i6taev\viut-
- -r^Fhcd.;; l5aO;:Polk;:;Et..'-:. :'¦.>:.•:-;;¦ ;- : :.-V .-:--.
KEARKT, - 104-^Sunriy :. .front ; suite ;; - -urif ur^ ;
i . ..nished; rieii'ly : paper*d-;'.ri6:«h.i}direri;.refs/ .; ;.
X McALLl.«TER, B7S-rNic»iyjrurh>. : parior';Euite.:
, j : -arid kitchen:; bath;, f.un; all day; ph;bpe.-...' -.', '
¦OAK/' j:i7-^S jinny burnished eUltesV/fS^to, $12:
j.V gas range.,- hotVbath. :iau-ndfj'. : r.tip n ?.i. adults:
;| OAK, -227-^i5leeaBtly.VfurniFhea f rpi'it Trooni. for .
j prii-arei' Kitchen .cbrihected;... .
' O'FA'RIIEL.L; /Aii^fixJyi-ci-:. floor; of. "tWe'e: rbo'rnsj-.
/ ¦¦|,.;cpMplct^ly..;fgrti'£ted'f^r-'hou^ekeej>I.hgr. ':-."¦>'¦
PIERCE..- 422^-'Suririy : : : .furriirh&d'' arid " •unfur-''
¦ ' nlshed ropma' : for ¦¦ housekeeping. ¦' '¦ ¦ ¦¦ "¦:¦'.' ¦ '-,
'. SEVEXtEEN'tHi •'.'; : 3;!24-4To : .'.]>t'.V2;'nlce. ;' hskpg
¦' rooms;: runhing" water- gas. -range ;".;.ad'ults;.' 1*1. -.
ST.' ¦ JAMES, : M'cAn'ister;'and i'Lflgiinai-J'u'rn'isk--':
- ,ed 6unny:gulte'-.\i-it.H Fepar^fe. sunny kitc'he.n; ,
' pas: range;- ell' complete .for: .hpusekeeplng;
::-' : $io;-.iip.:- : :'y:,S"V ¦"¦¦:;¦;-;'¦' VV-.; V : . :;•¦:/;.-'• .';.:,r
; TEH AMA. : .'43-7-Twp front housekeeping: rooms.
t TCRK> >: 619-— -3- jpobms';. .hqrtiso'meiy i urnislied !';.-¦
."(.-. rnoderri^.reflried ;i>etgfeb<M : .hQod.;.;.. . •. -"' ¦-.'_¦ '¦'•¦¦ ¦ .
i .T\VEN'^'-TKJIRb.- : 372^;h.ear^ioRs-^.2-;su.ltes
¦¦:' of; a-. arid :4" robrns'i-. modern:;;. ccrnplete .-for
.'"•; hbUsekeepingj-yaTm' : '"belt^.6f-!M'lssfon ? -.j. /<.:.'¦*'.-"•
¦LARGE biserfierit wi'tji- dance .floor ;"jsutfab.ie':tor.
private rtffnciriff fcchool: ".¦gtR.Vaa ,]We«Sk.Jiy*.r •
.;. ¦¦'/.-.¦ ¦;>;: APA'nTMEXTs-.":~;rQ- ¦¦ let.. '¦[ . ;----.' :
"EL . MONTERETi"- . the xlty** • aeiweBt-' apart-
• ment 'hotel,-', located Jp'n-- the.- north' -el'de of.-
.--.' Pine - ; stj.- bet.w'eeri' Hyde ¦and', ; Leaveawprth;"--a '
¦ :"eupefi> "brick ". ..byirdlnk "of. • Epa«lsh : -ardtltep'.-
,- .ture;.'air-.-Uie.: comforts '.of : hjoujsek«et)lriir -cQm-
;.t»1ne<lvwlth;ttie '.c-tmyeniences-of -hotel'llfe; for.
. ; $30 per' rnoiilh 'you cSLh 'secure- here arijinfur-
¦•¦• nis)ied -3-.ro9rii' apartmjE'nt;. .consisting >( large .
¦¦'llvi.ng.room' with' gas. grate and mantel, bed-
¦ -,-rbom -with'- .bay-wlhflpw -and .cloisfit;- kitchen-
•¦ -equipped- "..with .'gas range,-' ¦ bullf-lri £hlna.
¦•' cjosiet' a-nd-. hot' -and- -cold- "water;. Bathroonv.
- - .with;, toiler and.- corce.Xaln ."tub Xhot.' uHd' CPld.
'-water)'; "this. pri.c'e ; -also -includes-; Janitor- .eeK
-. .' '.'ylce.-.njftht- -arid day "arid nlj?ht -and. day ele\
. : yaXor' service.; only/ ten .minutes'., walk- frprii
-. .PO.vcell.-, «nd .ll£.rket;"6ee "-these -apartments,
.'-.¦tp-.day-.;;-.'. '•"-¦•¦"- •¦-:¦¦ " ; ¦'¦ .; ; ; '•}:"-.-' : '."'-:: i -'-;":' : - ;..'¦¦'•
* BOafMS; TO -XET^Fnr'iii and ./-Vn-t ark.'-
A^BRpNSWIck" House. 148. .;Sli-tb — Rooms
"..25c to i$l-- per night; ...jl' 25:' to. $5 per. week.Tanii-
¦' light housekeeprng rooms;. open -.all "r.igh.t. .'••' .
AT "TKe AJmonte." 873 Market' st: (or : Np s .l
-Fifth' st.)— Rooms. 25C. .50c..fl;; $1 '60/ night;
-. 'll'SP'to .$10 week;, house bperi all;n.Ight."". ,¦!
ANTLERS; 416 .Turk- St.— StrlcUy . : ippderri:' : 4r8
" ropin apartments;.- fur, -or unfur-' fpr-isfcpg.
BUBS'ETT.- 1426 -Market— (old -Nb; 1364)-?Furf.
.'.rilshf-d rooms,: suites, elngl.e;. also .urifjuJ-nlshed.' .
CLIFFORD^ .204 Ellis;" cor. ' Mason — Elegantly
.-• ,furniEh.ed:«unriy ,ropms:'.prites reasbhable." . ,
EDOT. . 4a5VQulet ¦•' furnished, • -sunny" foonW;
- . ¦ eingle. and. in* suite.'- -. : . -..; ; -. : - - -.- ' ¦ •.'; ;•¦ '¦
119.' second- fJat-r-jN-ice furriiahed surinj^
• • bay-window, rooms ; •' convenient'; -reasonable.
•" GEARY,:- 102^2- -finrle" .front -roorns: ' puriny,"
.;. -runnlijg. water,. -phone; .private family»"' •
GRAND Southern, 7th and Missipd-^-Rpoms SOo.
.' -to $I60-nl«htr $2 to '$3 .w.eek ; reading-room.
• . : . ....... .'. . .HOTEL •GRAYSTONE.V. . .>•. .'...-.
'.-'-•• ; e«".Geary- st-.:. phone Bush .SSO-- ¦ ." ..-.-
,'-;:CentralIy : ' located fireproof " 'ho.tel; elega£ntly"
-.- -furnfehed. suites, "with baths and'Ejngles. *.
-IIYDE, .1000*4. cpf. . "Pine-^Sunriy. furnished-
|- -'roorn, gentleman, "$8.50.., ¦ -.-.:. ¦¦¦ .: ¦'•
. JESSIE. . 508%, near "Market ¦ arid . Sixth— Fur-
j .- niffied .r.oorris;; private 'faml(y;..feasonalDje' '
j.JEFSIE,- r.17— L«rKe furnrshei" rocm] f.or-.two
I ..mr'n 'or-mari and -wife,: no' children. ' , .- . .• ."
JONES. =310; near Bush— *Co?y.. furnished, -room;
¦ -convenient.', reasonable; 'private-family; .gen-
•tlemSin preferred. " '' ' .' : ' " ;•'
•MARKE.T, • 731-M large • unfurnished ' sunny
ropme ; rent reasonable. ' •' ' - * ¦ ' . '
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished 'rooms and
offices'; elevator; elec. lights; -day, week, mo;
ROXAL House. 326 Ellis — Iricand-eecent l^g^ts,
reading-room, smoking-room and' Padles' par-
•.lor: rooms per night, ' 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $S; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
•-floor; rooms with hot. and .cold -water; baths.
ET. JA"MES, McAllister and Lagima — -Front
- sunny rooms; all new; fery cheap; telephone
. Page 5751: . ;
' BUTTER. .033 — -'Nicely furnished- room -to rent.
BUTTER, 1531—2 large furnished -parlors; pri-
vate bell; telephone: rent reasonable. "'
UNITED STA-TES. 123 Eddy St.. near Market—
400 single and. family rooms; S5c to $1 night;
$1*75. to $8 weok'u elevatpr; electric lights; -
reading-room; free 'bua and baggage. ;
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d st...near Ma'rket—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
85c to $1 SO. night; $2 to $S week; elevator;
elec^ light's: readirig-room; free bus; baggage.
A BRANCH office fpr Call. advertisements and'
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st. * " • . " . *v ¦ -
" • ROOMS AXD IIOAUD.
'aMOT. THE •' • 901 DEVISADERO ST.
¦ Strictly first-class family betel; vmny rooms,
suite* or single; billiards; steam heat.
STEVENSON -Mansion.- 807 California st'.— At-
t-ractlve and sightly rooms; beBt- table and
service; lowest j-ates. , - * ••"
VAN' NESS ave., 1714— Private boarding-house.
* home like, everything -first, class: . sunny
. * suites;* single roo.rris; Choice, lpdallty; -ref.'
BOARD and lpdglng; private family; . sunny
front rooms. Call or_ address 2021 Butter st.
HAYES. 671-t-NIce front room with board for-
gentlfman; private family; reasonable. - . '
RCOMS' WAXTED.
WANTED— By young man. a ciean furnished
room, steady, with piano .preferred, walk-
ing: distance from Union square; state price.
Box 4093. Call office.
" DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The 'Giant Powder Com-
. pany. Con. A dividend. No. 07, of fifty
' cents (50c) ptr share on the Issued capital
stock of the company" has been declared, pay-
" able at the office of. the company, rooms
202, 204; 206 Hayward building; San Fjan-
eifceo, on September 10. 1903. " Transfer books
close Sept. 3 at noon. C. C. Quinn. Secretary.
7 PALMISTRY.
MSIE. DEVAS — Scientific palmist and astrolo-
•Kist. Palfn readings $1. Hours 10 to 12 and
*.l.to 5 and Tuesday, evenings. 139 Post st.
MJJE. " ZILLAH, scientific" palmist and card
reader: 25 years' experience; late of New
.'.. , Zealand and Australia. ."525A Post St.- '
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 513
. Taylor St.. . near Geary. ¦ Phone Black 561. ..
¦ ".. PHVSICIAyS AKD SURGEONS. •
DR7 C. C. O'DONNELL^rOffice. and resldtnee,
.1021% Market st... bet. Sixth and Seventh...
. BLOOD, skin and Tectal- diseases a specialty,
DR. BALL. 1073 V, Market St.: :¦ ¦ '......"
REMOVED-^rDR: WONG HIM, '. herb doctor";
• treats : all- diseases of = the human body; for:
- past 'four years at'-',115-117- Mason; now lq--
•c'ated at. 6<j7. Geary st.. near Leavenworth..'
DR. WNG. POCHY, successor to :Dr." LI Pb
¦' Taj' herb doctor;: cures all diseases-of human
'• - by use of herbs -and teas: 727 Washington st.
•WONG WOO, the famous herb- dpctor— All : dls-
• cases cured' by. Chinese herbs. . 746-8 Clay St.-
' •' ¦' '¦ '¦ - ' SP^J^ 1STS> - " '" '¦*'"
CATARRH. DEAFNESS; and NOISES In EARS
', positively cured; newme.thod;.l week'B-treat-
ment f ree: Dr. ¦ Cpttlngham. 204 Sutter st.
: . SPECIAL NOTICES. .
Ladles! Chichester's English -Pennyroyal Pills
ere' best;, safe, .reliable;-, take no other. Send 4o.
stamps for" particulars.,': "Relief .for. Ladles, 1 '.'
in.- letter, by return':- mall.: Ask. your druggist.
Cbicheyter-Chemlcai' CP.'.i P-hllndelphla. Pa:.;
TYPE>yRITERS AND SUPPLIER."
;GRE AT 'BARGAINS IN T.YPEWRITERS--We
.: seir better' machines for- less money than any
. • house in the city;- rentals-. $3.-. The Typewriter
. Exchange, . 53C California; telephone Maln.266.
A FEW gppd typewriters.at $30 each;get parr
tlculars. l; & M.'ALEXANDER. .110 Mont>
:- gpmery ' st.' ¦ ¦'. :.".¦.'¦¦-.•' .''.-.''.¦."; ¦::>-.' "'. -V-. .."' '..¦'
2D-HAND,; typewriters . sold.-, rented, repaired.
¦ Webster Typewriter InsrfC Co..- 209 Saneome.
PRQPOS ALS— Bids .Warited— Nptioe . Is ' here-.
'•'. byvgiyen that /sealed, proposals; will -be re-
; : cely.ed. by the bpard of ¦directors. of the' Yet;-
' -eraris' Horbe of Califbrriia. atits of flee, ".rooiri
¦:¦¦. 13;.-320. Sarispme stroeiti Saft Francisco, up.
• .. tp 12 p'clbck m. bh MONDAY, September .14,
>} 1903 for furnlshTng.arid delivering materials
.. and' furntshlriBB.fbr-the new hospital at the
.: Veterans'. Home;' Napa ; County. CaU (rail-
¦i road.' station'.' Yountytllp).: Specifications.- for
• ¦ above"; may be seeH arid: examined at the- of-
: 'lice, of the- board of atrpctors.; between the
¦-¦hours- of 0 :a,>. rii;.vand,^5 p. jn^-ej^tt-.^eejc'.day.:;
¦- 'Money. Tfor^piymerit'.on .contracts ,wlll.:, be.
. ."• avaijable iirimediateiy after: January .1;. 1904;
i Preference v will be': giren;:to .Kopda manufac-
•tured in this .State,; -pribe.: fitness , and quai-
' ¦ .Ity. being ¦¦eaual'uhdpr the provisions of pec-:
' tlon ¦ 3247 ¦of ;,the: Political : Cpdei. ... The • board -
. "reserves ihe.vTigtit to rrirct, any.or alt bids;
¦'.. : -. and to orclor any qviaiitity' over; or -under the
..amount specified. ¦•Address JOHN F.SHEE-
-¦• HAN. Secretary of, the Board, of r Directors
bf. the Horiip of Califprnlai room
.-' 13 ,320 Saosbme street; San .Frari.cisco, Cal.
1 By Order: of - the bbAf d of directors. JOHN
.;;;.^/silEE;ilAN.'^Secretary. ; ; : ::¦¦¦;¦¦¦.¦;::, :-.. ¦-.•:;.•..
¦]PKO*POSilfii$^'.'wilr;<l>flKi«^elyed af %he Bureau of
. 'Supplies- and Accounts, Navy. .Department,
¦ WashfrigtQri, t), C.J '.until 12,0'elock.noon,' SepT
- wternbfer.. 15, 1903, iand .publicly opened lmmedi-
"-ately thereafter-,. to- furnish ; at the Navy Yard..
Mare Island, Cal-v a quantity of electrical ma-
. tcriai; bolts and nuts,, felt, sand, hair, llnor
. leum. wood screws, .'-lock's; hardware. . rails
; .and iplkes. piles;, /redwopd. steel, zinc, gas-
¦ ¦ kets, blBCUit,. cocoa..: roast beef. . ham,- corned
.beef, peas, bacon, pickles, macaroni ylriegarj.
• .lard.muBtard, : sirup-., salt; pepper.- tea, «vapo-
.'¦-•'. rated cream, machine: tools, a «tee"l traveling
¦ -'tow-er and 'overhead; trimway,; arid ; extending':
¦¦"¦¦p^Bals'v'wlllr'be furnlBhedy^ppn-.appllcatlPn.'tp.
. the Navy ftayOffteeV San -.Francisco. -Cai:.-or
:¦'¦ :tb- the Bureau: IIl.Tl Bi HARRIS, ,Eay"ma«".
-." ner. :<3"yne ; raV IJ.".-s'."-'-N. ".-. .-::-: ¦: S;- ¦ .".' .' ¦',¦ v 8^1.&-O3;
SAN! /FRANCISCO. ;Cai:;:; Aug. ••:.'. 20iV : IPOS.-^
r- Sealed ¦.prop;b8als,:lri. triplicate, .will: be ; re--
• .. cerved.bere'.until..ll. o'cloek- a., m: Sept;. 14*;:
; '::i00'3; : -and :th'fen- ppene'dM.br.construc^iori bf-'a..
• ¦: frame- guardhouse *it General- Hospital,-. Pre» ; '
, ; t stdl'p pf : Sari- ErarielseOi'.'Cal-; Governmerit: re--.
iVseryes.' -right ?¦'¦ tbv reject . or .'accept'. any -cr:.'aU
-bids in whole of- In pai-.f.: .Information fur-
'. . -riish'ed iyi • appllcatfen •", tq C^". /A..- ' DEVOL, .
.'.'Quafterfnas'ter.- .'Chief '-;-iQ.;-'M.'-.: '. -..-.. ..*¦•- ¦[-"'¦¦
(sTJJTiFEltr>r.G^- •¦ ANp>y.sfA^^IEJltIXG, - :
MEL,00URN.E ; System- -Scliobl', :yari ; Ness-; 'arid
-: .^Market':- ' .'gosltivX-. i^iire '.-'ftfr- alh; Don'.t. delay.'-
• MARRIAGE LICENSES.
¦.-,. Th.e'.f-ojlow.lnc marriage -llceiises' were .Issued
yesttTday :"..:-. '• "¦:¦.: ' .'•'•¦ ¦'¦'*'. "..'•••••.' r. ":-••;• •
-Herman- T. i Godwin.' 3f»;= 72^"Valencla- street;
hiuV Epima E-.: Rose, • 39. -119 sPoq'tth. street:. .¦"/.-,
•i Charies :b.. Lastreto. 36.. -1924 Washington
Btreet. and Ella A."- Shaw. 35,..'.04.€arl. street. :;. :
". Ge'prge' -H.' Greeley,. .82.: 2051;: Fifteenth,
"street.- -and "Mary '. Ai Landrarn; . 30,: 329: <J.iier^
re'ro street. •' -"•'- <.*• • " ' ."¦¦¦.-;¦'.'.""•¦ : . * •'• Vif-'-V.
• James ; H. : . Kavanargh, -21, C9 • Boyfee' streetj"
ami Cbarlcuxe,' M-- MacKay,-"- 18..- B.18& "Lyon-st:-
. -Oeorge-H. 'Hartley... 2», iVisalia;. aild Edna
¦E. : Cutler, 20.-' V-Isalia, . • " -' ; '.-. :•-."=¦ ", : ,>-.l-' • • / •'.•¦•
¦¦- , Abe U Colcm^n, "42; "1917. Powell. street, and
M.iry.'Klhcald,.-49; 1013-Cray "street.. . .. .. .
. .Herman L'.. E..'Mey.er. Jr., ¦SI.. 2724- Pacific
sfcrtct; arid Bess V. -.TaylOr." 21,", 19.11 PlP.e s{:".
. Faul- J Y. ¦ Mayer, "40, -C21 •" Clayton' street,
arid Mathllde -A. Lohftian, 30,' 3573; Twentieth.;
•• Olfyer ' W". -. pierce,'- : ¦ 34, •'•' Iniarinapplis, !'Irid;;:
ahd Grace. E-. Clarjce. '27. city.- -. ; . ..: ; r ...
• Aritcxilb .'Campagna. t23..'434 . Green street. .
aRd'TRosar-ia Guarding.. 18; 434. Green. Btreet.-
• 'Ctresley Iv. Bonestel.U ;21; city, -and. Chris-?
•tine-. Mv Seise/ 21.' jcUk-,' "• '•, ''• -N V .--•
<G.ebrg4 I': ; C.ella. 26." Westeriy,; R. : I., jiijd
If^nfietta "Glover, 24;. Lakehurst, Nl'.-'J.
•: Edwin. M-. \VIldei-. -.31;- Sapramentcj; and ;
•^arre: S. Turner; 25.; city,-.; ",'.:•...' . ¦ -.:'¦•- ,;" : -.¦ '•'.-
• ; Alphjonse.. J.' Nevraumorit.- -20,- 29... Bernard'
street', and -Amelia L.'R^ubold> .22. 1036' Union.
' Alexander P... FeTge; 21, . 14W Tenth: stceet, :
and Mary A. West, -21; Santa Rpsav. •• ...".. . r :
Clemerif Brlsmont; '37.'- 2 -.llopetori'- teTrace;
and 'Marie. Baco^i, • 27,' Oakland. A - - - . " • ;. • ; :
" .Itenry '•"• AV.- Breed,'- ; 2S,- Nevada City,;. and
¦Mary Meek, .26,- Amador'CHy: • ¦¦'.:'¦..: .'-, -' ' .
Manuel "A. OJive4fa^ 48(^.5 Jaokson :streef,
ana Marianna M... Reizentes.-34.- C5, Jackson..-
• qordy J-.. SU Louis'. 23.-" Norman;" Car;;- and"
Corlnne J: Martin;.- 2t",- Oakkrnd." ¦..;. ¦> ... ' .• - ;
• Erick ' Palmei'v 27, (395 . Bush . street, arid.
Abm Johnson,' 27,. C95, Bush eireet. •' : -..'•'. .
' :.w'ilHam M. de ¦ F»rd.-. 27.-. •' 13.1 A .-OrFarrell
street, ind Ro."»e Phillips, 22; 'Oakland,- ." : . -
, WJlHam'- C. GJllles, 21, 1008- Guerrero stree.t,
.and Hilda. E. A*nderson; 18.. 600- SancTaea st-reef.-
- - BlVth.- marriage arid death" rib.tlcis 'sen* "by.
mall will riot Be inserted. .They-rniist be. handed
in at 'either of: the -'publication pfflces and-'bo
iridprsexl with the name and: reside.ncef-6t .per-
wns- atithoHzed to hdvefhe same published.-'
¦•¦".. "'.'¦ .•V-: :: !bokh 1 .;/; ¦•';¦ /•'¦•">.¦-]'•/
.BASTIAN— In., this "city.. August .31, -1903;. to
• the .wife, pf- William Bastlan. a" .daughter. •
COHNREICHWIn this city) 'August -31,. 19C3,
• to -the w'lfe -of Bu»ene R. Cohnreich, a son.
ODGES— In ' this-'clty, August 20. 1903, to the
• wife of! William H-. Odges," a son.. •¦'. ••
SICHEL-^-In.thls cl^y. August -31. 1903, to the
- wife of Dr* Henry Sichel, .a son.. .
.ST. .'JOHN— rh this- "city. August 29, 1903, to'
the wife 0 of William H. St. John, a spn.' • •
•UNGER— In this' city. August 20, 1003,' to the
wife of, A. L. Unger, a daughter. -• ." • ¦
MABBIED. ' .
ASHURST— ASHURST— In . this city. August
. 30, 1903, by. the Rev. John. Stephens, Henry
•B. Ashurst of Valverde; Ariz.., to Maggie M.-
.Ashurst of Lewis, Cal. -..'• . .
GREELEY— LANDRAM— In .this city, August*
31, 1U03, "by the Rev. F. W. Fischer;" -pastor.
[of* Ema-nuel Evangelical .Church, George H.
„ Greeley and Mary A. Landrarn, both of Sun
Francisco. . • * •
KIDROWSKI— BAKER— In. this city, August
29, 1903-. by the Rev. Paul Branke, • Gustav
.H. Kidrowsfcl to Temperance E". Baker, both
of this* city. -. ¦ ' ' . '
LEIDECKER— SAMUELSEN— In -. this city."
August 0 29, -1903, by the Rev. Q. Groensberg.
Carl' Alfred' Leldeckpr to Christiana L. Sam-
velsen. • .' ¦¦¦¦
'¦':^$- r ¦ ' •'-•¦ DIED. /_• ;."' • ¦
• Adams. Amelia, Gallagher, ; Catherine
Alford, Bertha M. Gerberding. Mary <J. •
Aror.son, Amelia KoppeJ, Meyer ' ¦ ' ¦
Buehn. . Christian . H. Lansing. Henry J.'
Carroll, Mary M. Lasswell. Geo. W."
Doran. Ellen M. '¦ Macdonald, Sibyl E.
Farcell,- John ' McGann, Henry .
• Feour. John>J. . Wilklns, Emma E.
•Feypck. Fritz C Weed, Charles I* •
•GjUllard, . Joseph ¦ - - • ..
ADAMS— In this city,' August 30, 1003. Ame-
lia, beloved wife of i Joel .' Adams, a - native
of England, aged CO years. .
{GTFnenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral .. services
Tuesday, September - 1, 1903, at 2 o'clock
at the parlors of the Pacific Undertaker*,
777 Mission - street, lntennetit ; Laurel Hill
Cemetery. , J ' -, .-. " . •' • ,
F. J. Monahan, president.
MONAHAN & CO.,
. .--¦'.¦!'. (Inc.) ' ¦ *'¦ - '
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2339-2341 Mission st. Telephone Mission 31.
I James - McGinn. . . :¦ - Henry- Hansen,^
JAMES McGINN & CO.. 1
Formerly -With McGinn , Bros., " I
Funeral Directors and Embalmers — — I
'.' 214 Eddy St.; Tel. Sputh 670. \ 1
KEAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALB.
A BARGAIN-=-$4250- CORNER LOT. 2 FLATS:
• LOT 25x114; 1S4 CLIPPER ST. SEE
OWNER ON PREMISES..' "'. •. ; .
$ 2250— MODERN 4-room cottage, bath' and
floored basement; large lot; cpst |2S50; .must
¦ be'spld at pnee.' -508 Jersey .St.. one block
-. -west" of Castro; owner on 'premises; terms." •'¦
S COTTAGES of 5 r. and b., on 2Cth St.." half
block • of 'Castro-Bt. cars; -foreclosure -sale^'
- $10.0 down balance f20 per month: "open
Sundays: p. -COFFIN. &-CO.;.33UJ Mission. .
NEAT cottage '-'with.- mpdefn improvements;
• : terms .same as .paying rent.' Apply 'owner.'.
¦ lurnber. : yard, -.-S.E, ¦ corner ¦ Alabama." ' and
"Mpntcalm streets. "- . -. ".".'."¦-.¦ ¦' . --.'. - •'.
iU.OOO^-FpH sale- S. E.' ; .corner' ip'Farreil and
¦ llolliB st:; 2Sx90, and Improvements.. Inquire
¦'¦• lSli OtFarreU ,.*t.. '¦. V . . - '/. ¦ -" ,-;: ': V ' •'
:FOR sale— House 8 rriis. ;¦ high" basement; sunny
' side 19th, bet. " Valencia arid Mission;. no reas>i
. offer. refused. Stephens &,Cb.. Unlpn-sq, .Mkt.'.
LOTS riprtli: or south pf park purchased^. -V,'..
:J. GUNN. 630 Callfprnla s.t: ¦ .-
REAL ESTATE Coun try-i-F'o* Sale.
ANNOUNCEM ENT— The - " Sacramento "Valley
Land' Company is now surveying the great
-wheat, farms; the ''estates of. Dr. . GI.enn • and.
. Seniator : John .Bog'gs.. on . . the .' Sacramento.
¦ • Rfver .ait. Princeton- arid: JaJcinto:.: big canal •
. ' bulld.ln'g;: abundant irtlgatlPn' water; .prices.
¦"w'lll'.'be .:.- very .-.lpwi -.best:. ¦ opportunity -.'for-
.. ' horne? eekers '-ever presented- '.: in" ¦ California;
60,000" acres in 20 to" 40 home tracts;, peerless
alfalfa. ' orange, peach, pear. . prune, . beet, ¦
. .corn, potato.' -celery- arid' asparagus' land:
. sediment-- soli; . abundant water; . splendid .
"climate:-. absolutely. "certain- crops. ••<;¦" C-. M,
¦-. .WOOSTER. CO.. 64S Market at. =¦¦ :. ; ;
A CHANCE FOR TOUR. SAVINGSt-^ v :
•Pretty, five-acre ! wooded -villa, sites between
depot, at Redwood 'City arid foothills of San
'. Mateo Cburity; near Stanford;: offered. at onb-
half. real valye; 6 acres;. $1250 to $1375 each;
' }123 dewn and $25.35 .monthly; will buy one.;
•' best 'opportunity ori - peninsula. • and; that Is
the. b?8t' .suburban .property In California:
' Don't let this go. by. CM- WOOSTER. CO..
..¦64S'.:MaTket:' : B> '¦':¦. .-:-;'.-.; /¦•¦.¦-¦•;.'.¦ '. ¦-¦::'¦': '
GREAT" B ARG AIN— B80 . |icres. .Wheat and
-. barley arid vines; .3 miles', from, depot.-arid
ppod .town ';"•¦ last crop. $8000; price for 10
• da vs. $7000; Colusa County. C. M. WOOSr
"^. te n t;o.-.::64S-. Market- eC..;y:..-; : -.-';¦;, .V'\-' ,- ¦¦'.
20- ACRE fruit ranch In "-..Placer 'County ; .fine
climate: ideal home; rabbit -p.rbo.f fences good
- four-horse barn; 3-rbbm . hbuse;. '¦ all-' planted'
- In " beVt variety f riiU ':'¦ 16 acres' :!«.. actual bear-
Ing- ¦will' eell cheap On account- qf'owner's
1 leaving country. Apply" to WALTER J5.'IX>t
GAX;, 1118 Broadway; Oaklahd; : ; ; ; , : . ; .'
ALFALFA lands, stock . ' ranches,' \ orchards.'-
\ vineyards; -Inspected bargains; monthly cata-.
logues sent free.: C.M. WOOSTER CO.. -ft48!
¦':Market..8t.. ¦/:¦'¦• r."^' ' '¦.^V.v;S^V : -;.-;'"^ :; : .'
CHEAPEST and. best In- AroericaT-The" Weekly
'¦ - Call- 16 pag-es. ; sent, to .any address .In. the.
'_. ': ' TThttPd Ptatea-.or'.-r'arm'da one' year -for $1. ¦ :"""¦"
:^o yij i -Vr^j^gHM^ *'**; }} A*j£B$3!£™i^
WAT-feR^ front '- lot$ and Ibarealrisr all. tracts; .
:¦:, ; rnapp.~ photos,, etc. ' BELL. 417. Parcott bldg. ;
oA0M|[)AgpERT]SE|(ENTSg
; : J-/-' JED A-' jREAL " ;E5TATB^ ',¦'¦:¦ -[
¦;'-¦ . AoPRETTY HOME ,IN ALAMEDA.
\- Surrounded --by- floors and/ ftul.t. trees ; ¦ near:
strain; ahd; s.cb<3ols;; .brily. : .$2S5ft; : Ipt -75x125. '.;-.(.
•'¦S'lce fl-room'.vcottage'. and bath. "¦;•;¦¦ .;.•'.; '-.-*:*;¦: •'
.%^?.v>"^---"*i'L'X^EB!Jt ; JUJ^0^OTA3^i ; f-? t !^:
¦ Tel/ Grand.- 1-416.-.-. ; ¦ •- : : ¦'. -l'5.00 ¦JP.ar.k.'«t;. i --Alameda.
¦BAliGA^T^lX)^--Alarneda-j:fc^|w>»".*^Wgo' :
• ¦ arid bkth;; lb.t'.27:6xl^5'fe%t;.«asy\terriis..\431:
¦ : ¦ fcjrideh.--av-e..*'S'aw.'.T?fan'cls.c6 J --.* '-¦ ''¦¦'•'¦""..¦'" .'.V
:';¦; \' ;¦ V: • .^':ALA.3iE!pA'- -1IO USE'S.' .-; ¦-.' -'. .;
FURNISHED :.8-rqom' .-house'.- "to ' .-.res'poqsibie'.'
..; .•paTtyf-nd-'chliai^ri;- ye'tereribcs.'.-pil -Market '-'st.
: : nKRKELKV jti^AL.; estate.; '.'¦ '* : :
: " J '.-'"'..'..'"\^' ¦¦•./ ; A'"tii.<i- snap.-''; .-• .'• '.} Ji ¦¦ ';''; "¦¦',
' • 4-robni .'cottage.- bath.^ toilet; etatibnary- tubs';;:
¦' .lbi ; SQx2.H0j ¦'fruit, trees', '¦ berries; close' ta' new."
-.- ferrjKline, school', and '.sfores; .price' $l-S3Cf. • ,.
: . V : : •.•••¦' ¦'¦' . .- • .o."-a:.rud6l-t»h, : ' -.;
•-.. Open -"Sppflay- "•"¦_-¦¦.. • -• '..-.¦ ? Lo.rip.; -'-.
.;..;-. :-- A" LOVELY. HOME.,' ¦:.' .*¦' .-!'
'" New-'5^rp"om"cptt«ge', >ath, -patent Jtollet, -.s.ta T -
" tlonary 'tULbs; -st-reet 'work "done; conveiilerit
' to station, and: street ca.rs; price -$2000; -terms,
' $tO£'cash,-."batarice- same 'as rent.;.'". • • .•'
•.•¦-.¦-..¦..'••:•¦ -O. A." .RUDOLPH, .-:
. 'Open- Sundays';; ..'¦; '. ' •¦-.'¦' \.""-\ ¦¦ : Lprtn. ¦*."
''/.•'.. •.¦:¦;•¦.•.•'.¦- :. : r^ r iLL.;Tii-?s'=''aui-T? I.;;.:. •";-..' "-?:'..;
'•-. : Ntw..-8Vroom house... with ail rriodernlrcprove--'
.' .m*nts;:cJoseVto. station, a.rid street, cars; prjce.
¦•• \$225'O; :-$-K>0' cash; • Baiancp '.•same .as Tent.. ¦ . : ¦ •
-."¦'• -:V' ¦•';*¦' •':,,''¦¦¦ - , '. : O..A. RUDQLPli,. ' "¦'
-'.'. .Open -..Sundays-. =": : . : ¦ '.."•*.¦•- '. • ;¦¦ ..Lorlri.. '
¦ : ; ' ' .'¦• \'. CHENEY ¦'.'&¦ BERrV'S' .BA'RGAINS; '. • '
•i2;25O^rr6'.rebm's .'and' -bathj.'iot; ''60x420; . : s]tre.et
. .- .-;• iwork doi)e; -1 block ¦frorn-;ebllege. av^. 'arid-
' • ' -'• - .. e. tr.ee I. ' car lirle ;' ¦Jfafo) h'el t arid '¦ grp-y lrig'
• • ¦;-. '-district; 'pdssi'ble-. discount, for' cash: '• .•'..'• •'
$J,bOO^-Acre.' Ujf-'.fa'rid; , 6". -minutes" ::walk--' from
'- . -North: -Berkeley : . Startlon;- " inglde" Hrnlt'a; •
¦-.•• •.¦; «nap'. ;:-.'• .-.. '¦•¦ '.'•'¦'-• '¦' ;-..• "'.' '-'.•.••¦•..¦ ' • V.
. '$350- : -I>uys .you 'an :: acre- lot adjolntag*' the'.
'' . ' ' . uhU"er8lty"groundB;- has good, springj;
; '. ./-graded '.'road- to libt; 15 • minutes' ¦ walk'.tii-
• : • "thre-.uniye.rEity. .- . ¦-,*.. ¦ > .. • - .. \\
'¦¦ . lot !pn -Parker St., .near
". "Gro-ve. .¦.-.'. '-:-.;...:• : . .:".:¦.•-' ':.¦.-:
' : '.'•'¦ ,•¦:." .OiiENEY-.'«-BE:RR.Yi. '¦'¦:¦ ".'
-' Post'of flee ¦' block'. ¦'.;¦- . ..-'-."•¦ ¦'¦' -Berkeley;-.'
•• OFFICE, U 18 iJROAipWAf: {;.
• : .OAKLAND tlEAL . Esi)ATE. : - ; . ' :
|2Q0 GA°SH— Mdnthlx- payme'rit a's lpwtrent;.
cpttjige,'. 4 "rooms and bath, 'pantry.
¦-• Ihprit . and ' back veranda: rustic;- barn; g"ood
¦ will . '.or*-' water; chicken run .ami Brjed; Al;
• Bo'iU'away from fogs and raw .winds; 'close"
' -to -Cars*, Town 'Hall, .school .arid cljureh; nice'
¦ tin r den and-flpwers; Cozy hpm'e.; 2- lPts; 64x
¦ '¦ 100;- all fenced In-:. In a. -fast grpwlng "settle-'
.mfnt, adjplning East- Oakland; price all told
"-. $950, Call or send .for circular, '455 ' S.eventh
' et.,- 'opD.' Broadway station, Oakland'; >car-.
• rlage free. • H. Z. JONES, land.owneK
FOB SALE." y* .._" T*
(S500 — 2 fine flats, 7' rooms each; modern' in
.every way; 2 Hocks frcm the '. business '
center of Oakland; p*aylng over 0 per cent'
on lhvestmsnt; must be sold; owner Is* a
non-resident. . • • <-..'. ;c • ¦ ¦•
C: K. MARSHALL. 1118 Broadway, Oakland.
'HOUSE 6 -rooms, etc.; modern; 857 87tb st/
• near Syndicate bank and station; a- private
• loan at ypur own terms of payment. Address
• Built tr. 931 60th st.. Oakland. Cal. ;.
OAKLAXDFjtJ|lI^rtMUREF^pi^^
•TO-MORROW the day for -bargains In* furni-
ture. H. ScheHhaae.'llth St.. cor. store.Oaklnd
LEQAL ADVERTISEMISXTS. j
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
' of San Francisco State .of California. — Filed
August 25, 1003, ALBERT B. MAflONY.
Clerk, by E- J. CASEY, Deputy Ctertt; No.
. 29,160. Probate! — In the matter of the. estate
• of ALICE SKAE, deceased. Notice for pub.
" HcatlQn of time appointed for probate x of -will
O. C. P., Sec. 1303.— Notice Is hereby given
• that Tuesday, the 8th day of September,
A. D. 1903, at 10 o'clock a. m. of that day.
xind the courtroom of Department' No. 9 of
said court, at the City Hall, in the City and
. County of San Francisco. State of California.
- bave been apppinted as the time and, place
for proving the duly authenticated copy of
the Will and codicil of said ALICE SKAE,
deceased, and of the probate thereof and
for hearing the application . of MERCAN-
TILE TRUST COMPANY of San Francisco.
.* a corporation, for the Issuance to it- of let-
ters testamentary thereon. [Seal.J ALBERT
*B- MAHONY. Clerk, by E. J. CASEY
Dfeputy Cleric -Dated, August 23, A. D. 1003.
MORRISON & COPE, attorneys for pe-
Utloner. .
STOKAGC AND WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage^Van Cp.T furnttureT
- household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
. 731 Howard St.. near Third; phone Grant 161..
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
flce Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave:; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made; 840
Mission si.;* tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfnss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
• -pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson- 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
. et,; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.'
¦ ¦ : v^7P7 f S». ' " ' L ¦¦ Steamers', leave ;. San 'Franv.
/Aj^^«*S' clsco "¦¦- a^ fpllows: • -. • . " ; " . r
~to%_^f "-^S\" ' For Ketchlkan,- • Juneau, .
¦A*/w3^O -\*M irai'nw*;'.- \ "SkaR-way. . etc.,
I I "'VVK^Il' X- 1 Alaska— It • a. .' nv. Sept. 3,
.r.-.l VPJCA/,] P v J3, : ;i8... 23.. 28.. -Oct. 3.
V*k \\ ' ."• jfil •"•'Change' . ; - ' ta ' • ' '-' comparjy"n .
Xy^^-l^oX ' • s.teamers'-. lit :Seattle. • - . . •
/>d>fS*i)5r '. '" • For- "Vnctorla. - -Vancouver.
""•-.• .'-.^7*. . ¦ •'.. • .'Port--.- Townaendi'. . Seattle,
Tacom'a'.- Everett;.. Wh'atcoVrP-lV a.'rn..' 8ept.*3.
8.. 13,' 1?; 23; 1233. Oc't.'.3.. '..Change at;. Seattle tn
thla.cdmpanyl's.-steamers'-fpr. Alaska and G. Ni
Ry,; at; Jieattle^.fdr Ta'dSina: to' N.--P-. R.y..;.at
.Vancouver tor' C, P. --.R>:..- - •¦••--.•" .->:¦ ."¦•
.". For- -EureTta" (HumboldJ? -Bay)— P"omonai 1:30
p. Vitr..-«ept;. 1. .7,13 ' 1». 25" . Oct. 1;' Corona;
l;30p. xhVfiepJt-,4..10.\18..22: 28, Oct. 4.." • -.
-" .¦.Fo'r-.L.bsr Angeles (yta-rp'rt '-Los Angeles and"
Tl.ed6rido).;'Sari'.-Die'gb.. and'.-.- Santa-* Barbar3ri-_
Sarita '¦•Bos4'. Sundays; {? a.-.mv.."-- .'",; ,.
•'¦State 6f.-x:anfornla. Thursdays. !>' a. m. ¦ .
¦'; For. 'Lob; -Angeles' (via- Sa^n "Pedro -".and Ea«t
Sari .'Peo'ro). -Santa'. Barbara! Santa "Cr.uz. ' Mori- •
tere-y.-'-San -Slm«?ori; "CasTjepo, J Port' Harford.
."¦{Sari-. Luis' Oblspo) 1 . ¦ Vehtura and-TIueneme, . . .
' Coos. Bay . * a. m.,-Sept. 6.' 14.' 22.30. Oct. 8.
.. Bpriita.-9.a;'rri;' ; Sept. 2.'10. 13.' 26 i ,-.Oci. ,?. ¦
.'.'For Ensenada.'MagoValena Bay^ San Jbs« del.
Cabo; -Maaiatlah.. ¦ Altata. La. Faz, . Santa . Ro- ;
eaUa; .Guaymas.'(Mex.)'.- 10 a. m..- 7th of each
'rribrkh. "•'".¦'..¦•:, • '.' •' " ; ':* -1-r-. ¦• • , " .'
¦• '.'For-' further. -lnforrnktidnebtAln 'folder.. \ ".
:•¦ Right Is^Tesetve4 to change. steamers or sail--
•Ing date*.- ••• •.-•"..•".¦•••. • •' •
TICKET drPICES — 4 . New Montgbm-
>rr street' "(Palaeo Hotel). 10. Market 'street -and
• Broadway, wh'^tf. '-.;'¦¦ "'.¦..•'. ' :•' ;.-.
'•'." Fr"elif?bt ..'office. "10 Market street. ' '.*- .
-¦; • C. , EK DUNA : NN. ¦' General-" Passenger : Ayent.-.
"¦:.- ¦¦.¦,'•.. ¦;¦¦. ¦. .JO. Market -st.,- S»n F^ariclscow-
'&X&;'iR/-i& ;Aif. po;':; ; .
- "Columbia:' tells. AU». 31. Sept. 10." 20 SO. .
6ct: l'Oi' 20," 30'.- '"George W. "Elder" sails Sept.
•$.-: 15". 25". Oct .5; '.15. 25>' .Only steamship Un« .
to. p6rtL.\NT>.." OR'..' a.n* short rail line from
.PcTtland'. to- all point's East. Throusrh tickets
. to -all "jioln.t.3 all-rail or steamship and rail at
LOWEST RATES.' Steamer tickets - tocfud* ¦
tertn : and- meals.- Steamer sails foot of Spear
st at A am. S .F.. BOOTH, Gen. Agt..P«s».
• Pept., 1 Montgomery st. : C. CLIFFORD. Gen
Agt. Frt; Dept.. a Montgomery st. ¦" ..'
#8v AMERICAN LIKE. .'
•~. 'NEW iTOnK-SOUTHAMPTON— LOJJDON.
Bt Louis. Sept.- J>. lOamlPJilla.Sept. 23. 10 am
New York.Sep.16,10 am] St. Louis. Sept.3fl. 10 »ra"
: . ATLANTIC TBAITSFOBT ItOTE.
'¦'' "New York — London 'Direct. - .'
'Mesaba,. -Sept. 12. 9 amfMinne'pls.Sept. 26.9 am
Mln'fnka.Sept- l!>.4-pmiMin'haha..Oct. '3. 3 pin
' '¦ Only'- First Class Passengers Carried.
--' - ; .DOMINION LINE. . • . . •
'¦• . Boston — Queen stown — Liverpool.'
¦ilayfio'wer:-....aept.' 10.fMayflower ...:.. Oct. >»
.Commonwealth: Sept. 24 Co1umpus(new).Oct. 13"
N<?-w England. . -Oct.. 1 P.omlnonwealth..Oct. 23
-Mbntreal-r-Llverpool— Short" sea passage.
.K-ensi'ngtori.....Sept. 12fSouthwark ......Oct. »
¦Canada ... v .-.Sept. '26!Domin;on v ;.«..Oct. W
> Boston- .Mediterranean «*«t
' :aZORES-^GIBBALTAR-NAPI.ES— GE5OA. .
:Vancouver....-..>...,-...»Sat.. Oct.l'0. Nor. a
Cambroman Sat.. Sept. lit Oct. 31, Dec. 12
- . . - EED STAB LINE. ' , ¦
VlvT New York — Antwerp— Paris. .
Flnland.Sept. 12. 10 am.Kronlnd. Sept. -29, 10 am
.Vaderld.Sept • 19. lf> ami Zealand. . -Oct. 3, 10 am
* WHITE STAB XONS.
* Hew York— Qneenatown— Liverpool.
Sailing -Wednesdays and Fridays.
Armenian. Sept. 8. 7 am [Majestic: Sept. IH.noon
Germanic. Sept. 9. nponl Celtic. .Sept. 1S^ 3 pm
CedrtcSept. 11. 8 am! Oceanic. Sept. 23, 7 am
CD TAYLOR, Passenger Agent. Pacific Coast.
21 Post St.. San Francisco. . ¦
TOYO KISEN KA1SHA,
" -*'. % (ORIENTAL- STEAMSHIP . CO>.>
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m., for TOKOHAMA
and ' HONGKONG,, calling: at Kobe (Hfogo).;
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
S. S. HONGKONG MARU (calltas at Mar
• nlla) Saturday. September 19. 1903
S. S. NIPPON MARU ¦ «
,:.., Thursday. October 15,> 1903
S. S.- AMERICA MARU.;...:;...>.i *.
Tuesday, November 10; 1903
Via Honplulu. ' Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage, apply at. Com-
pany's" office, 421 Market street.' corner FJrst.
. - W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
0ccanlcS.8X0,sS
S S ALAMEDA. for Honplulu. Sept. 3. 11 a-m
«" B .SONOMA for HphpIuIu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Sept, 17, 2 p. m.
B; S MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Sept.* 20. U a. m.
iJ..?i£«£lSiB23S.C3.,JljtL.rKtj:aifta,!«Irtiia
-. " (nialitllScaLSn BaHut SL.nv It. I.ruaeU. *• '
tOMPAGlJlS GSSERALE TKAKUTLAirnQUX. . .
DIRECT* LINE TO HAVRE-PARI3.
Sailing every. Thursday instead of<BKMH|
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. froin Pier 42. «JH«»y
North River, foot of Morton street. • >-.'#>
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. B*c-
ond-class to Havre. $43 aad trpwardi- GEN- •
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).'
KVS "^ork. J. P. FUOAZI ft CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco,
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents. -
Mar* ' I sl&nd anil Vallejo
Steamer GEN FRISBIE or MONTICELLO— 1
9:45 a. m.', 3:13 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:4* a. m.,-8^0 p. m. Leav* -Vallejo.
7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. « p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day, 7 sv m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare. BO cents- Tel.
Main 1508. Pier 2. .Mlssion-st. dock. UATCH
BROS. .. .
ALFORD-r-In Eureka. Cal., August 23, 1903,
.Bertha M. Alford. daughter of the late Dr.
• F. A. Alford, and niece of TV W. Rich-
mond, a native of Ferndale, Humboldt
County, Cal., aged 26 years 8 months- and
24 days.
ARONSON— In this city, August -30, 1903;
Amelia, beloved, wife of. Abraham Aronson,
' and mother of Spllie, .Libbie.-: Pauline and
Daniel Arohspn. and daughter of Kosalie
• Rosenthal. and sister o'f Ralph Rosenthal.
- Mrs. -Flora Crocker " and- Mrs. Nettie Gio-
vanni., a native of Nevada City, Cal., aged
'40 years 7 months and- 15 days.
• (CTFriends ¦ and acquaintances are respect-
j ' fully invited' to. attend the funeral services
.' "to*day "(Tuesday)," September 1,-. at i 10
¦ -o'clock,- at her late residence, ".1720 Sacra-
; mento etreet: Interhient Hill of Eternity-
. Cemetery, by". special train- leaving Third
•" and' To'wnsend streets, at 11:15 -o'clock.-.. '.
OFFICERS. ;and "members, of Congregation
•;Sherith Israel, are "requested to attend- -the
i funeral-.'of Mrs." -Amelia.' Aro.h.son^;the esr
" teemed wife of our' m'ember," Abraham \Aron-
. son, torday. (Tuesday), at- 10 o'clock, .from
¦.• 1720- Sacramento;, street.': •' '¦'¦' ' '' -.. ' '.':'¦
"\ - "•¦'¦.- CHARLES" HARRJS, President...
' • .ALEXANDER -L. BADT.. Secretary. " .
BUEHN— In 'this', city.' "August .'30. ¦ 1303.
• Christian H'., huspand of Annie Buehn. and-
• father of ' George G.", Otto A., Frank. Julia,,
. "Fred; and Ch.arles ' Buehn ( -a native of Ger-
.- many, aged 41) ."years and 7 "months. . ¦ ¦ ¦ "
.- •(?' Friends and . acquaintances' ¦ are respect-.
• fully Invited to attend .the- funeral , to-day,
•September 1.' at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
. of H; F. "Suhr & Co.; 1137 Mission street.
: between Seventh and Eighth, under tha aus-
•ptce« of the Laborers'. Protective Union >o.-
8044. -Interment Cypress " Lawn: ' . ."
CARROLL— In this .city, August : 30. 1003.
•" Mary Maud .Carroll," dearly, beloved- '.daugh-
ter of Charles S. and- Maud Carroll,.- and
granddaughter of Mr. arid Mrs; . J. F. Car^
roll and\ Mr. arid - Mrs.' Virilllam Westlaka,
and niece of Mamie and Arthur Carroll, and
Walter and Sadie Westtake,, a native of San
¦ '.FrancUcp;- aged'. 6. months and' 11 .days." •-•'•
¦' -. - EyFrlends and acquaintances are.respect-
' fully ' Invited ."to.' attend the., funeral- to-day,
' (Tuesday), at' 11' o'iclock,- from the resldencu
: of .her parents;. 15 . Gilbert, street,' between
Sixth : and ¦ Seventh, • pryarit , and . Brannah
Btreets^ Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
DORAN— In this cltyi. August 3li 1003. Ellen
M.. dearly beloved wife pf the late Jarhea
; Dorari, and belpved mbthier of. theiRev.- E.'
"J.,: Mary and. Margaret Doran, .a' native 1 of
.'Mitchelstown,' -County Qork; Ireland."-; - "V
. . ICTThe funeral will take place .to-rnorrowr
. (WeHnesday), at .0:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 13O2.Laguna street; .thence to: St.
Mary's Cathedral.- .where* a'' requiem >'•' high,
will' .be. ce'jebrated f or the ¦ reppse .pf
•/her spul, tommenclng' at 1Q O'clock.. Inters
merit. Holy ¦ Cross -. Cemetery, by "electric
funeral car'.from Etghteenth arid .'Guerrero
''"Btreeia-cvV"." .—¦;'.-",• '¦¦ ¦'¦: \\i -.'•'. ;: ¦¦'.::¦'¦' -.-" •'.- :•:!>¦;¦;¦
FARRELL^In thla . xlty; August .31; . 1?OJ.
• -Jphn,- dearly beloved -'son.-of John and' Em-
' ilyFarfelli and; brother of Amalla. Farretl;
.¦¦ahd -nephew of Mrs; ¦ T; Blshpp ' and ' Marj%
.;-:'..TirjjOt-hyj- and Patrick- Barry, ' a -native '-. 6C
: ..San ¦Franpisc.p,, aged 13 years 11: ..iitonths.'a'nd..
¦:. -25- daij-s... '•'• "¦-; ;.': '¦'¦¦.. "¦ ¦'."."¦ "¦ " : -;' '¦¦¦.' >'..'¦- '•¦¦'i:'':]r/ :
¦¦ JCTThe . funeral .will take plac«; .tbrraorrow:
¦ (Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock.- from the> .par*,
lprs of : Carew. '&' .English,- 2» Van .Neas
avenue; thence to St. Brlgld's Church,, where
¦ 'a .requiem high masB" will; be ; celebrated ior
'.the:' reppse..«f cpnimeJicIng. at- .0!
: ;' o'clock;: Interment- .Hply :Crcsi3 Ce-me'tery.. J^^
FEQUR— At ;'• '.Volcatib;' 1 : August' 29. .1003,- John
¦; . J.-Febur,: : dearly- beloved .- brother - of -r Mrs.-
..Alice: Brennan of San Francisco, Dan Febur
: . of -Dllley,. Orei,' and James Febur- of -Weayer.-'
•: •¦"' yiile; ' CaU,. a native of Maine: .¦(Weaveryilie,.
.'¦¦-.. Trinity -County,' Cal:;- and : .Dilley, "Ore;,', pa-:
:.'¦ pers^please copy.), ¦.',..¦•-.•- ••.'";. " ; '. : ¦,'¦.:¦. '.>.;¦;'¦¦-,!.:¦:
.-¦¦•"¦¦.- - ty-The..'- funeral ;• ¦will, take; -place, .tp-rday
' ".: .<TAiesday)V ' at. 8 :15 .o'clbcki-frorn the. parlprs
•' of .'.Carew- & English;'- 20. yan.v'Jfess :avenue;
- Uhehce /to St... Paul's: Church, ¦ where .a .re-
'¦', quiem.hlgh- tna'sr^'^U^^AW^nrt^'-ODni?
: : irnehclng ¦ at 9 . o'clock: • ¦•"'•• iritermept^ . . private,
: Holy Cross Cemetery.. ¦•:¦ •:.".¦¦• -,~..-v- .-,;¦''¦¦: ' -'
FEYOck-^In. this city.. August 81.' 1903.' Frttz
'. ' Conrad ' Feypeky.:. belpved .. son 'of ' ¦. Mrs. ¦ Phtll.-
". phlhe-Feyock- and' the;Uate'-. .Conrad- ' Fe.ypck,
; --and : brother. -of -Mrs,. : C.'. Mandershled,. •'• lira.
: ,II»..H*1tix fizid.. .Louis. ' Fred«r"ika.-.and • Mada-
! . ¦'. l[ria .-Feyock,- -.a : ;riatiye'.pf Be'rg'zabern,-. . der.-..-
• • .man'y';-...a^e"a'..-29'y'earri ; -'5.-.°tnontbJr: and -22 day's;-.
-(GXi-LLARD^-Jn-jthis city, -.-Aurust. 29. lOOyi.
¦ .¦..Jb's.e'p'h.-.'OaiHard; • peloved.'Mirbther' .pf.''.'-Mr's>-.
1 V J i 'ariny...MorT4's,:.' plotildB | Farey 'end Seraphl'ner.
r.'.^O^Uarai^'ntu^^n&v^'Qf^'.C^aTlte-^'^QrTl^-.
" •and-'.JuIes -Farey, • and .-;uncle'bt -Joseph- afiii
¦ • : liebn •Far.e"y i " -.Mrs.^Marte ; Watkih, -Frank. Le-
. -.Tay 'arid ; Charlotte -Morrla,. : a:natfy»; : .of Be^lr
..- '-.¦¦ eliimi Aged -65 years.'' v- ,'-' ' •;. .' ' : i .'; '¦¦'•¦."¦." ;'":.-
.. '.. C^F'rl.eh'ds -.and., -acquaintances .arp' respect-
. -: /ully. .'thylted. -'to = .. attend"; the 1 .-.filneral • Beryices'
¦ : Wednesday," .- September ;' 2,'-'atr S.'.p'-clpck/- .'at
.'.•'¦the rhortuaryvchapeTJ-bf"- Jul.luk-S..- Godeau;.;
• • 305-- -Moh' tg.pfh.ery:'-.ayenuei-' •ihterrneriv ILaurel
, hiill-Cenietery..: ••"•.-.•.••. :- "j.;-*-v--'« ;: r J - '--~ " : "V";
GAtliAGUEIt^-in '¦ .Oa.^land,. r ,Cal:, " Auxust"; 31.-
::¦ 1003,.: Catherine' GM.lasheip^.belbve'd . wife .of.
; .; the'. '.lato'- P£(trf.6k-.Gallaf?heri.. rand-, mother, -pf:
C'iJarhes.'.'ChajrleB. Galjakher- and.'- 'Mrs; ¦';J> -".jC.T
:' • McBrien,"- :a.native--of.- '.Ireland. ,age.d .62 years .
.•¦¦arid;10'"^ribht.hft; ; ;':\Y.:' , •¦:"•:"".' ;."•-¦/.-' ".. : ';''-¦. -.' .?.; :¦•
¦¦•¦ : :.|n7 Friends and- ¦abqualntancies' are) -respect-
:-.;fulI.y. :in.vite.d-',-.t(S-.. .iatterid ' ,-ther' funeral /on.
... Wednesday.."." §ej5tem.ber £.¦ at'&SD."- o'crock-,
.... from.'her late 'residence,; 1328 Myrtle: street;
• ' .thence-' -to -"'Stl -Francis. ;'^e ".Sale's "Ch'U re hj
'.¦¦ ;\*he"re-;-a- 'screnih ' feqiilem" maes.-will-; be ..cete- "
.- ; brafed for:-.fhe : .rept>se : bf'-ljer spul.";cbflin»€'n.cr'
.:' ing at-tf-.b'clpck. Interment Sti .Mary's Ceini.
':.'.'. e-tery, .polya-h^-..'.- -, :V. '- : -' ".'"•.' ;.---•.• "•¦¦...¦ ;; ; .'.- •'
GERBfjRDING— in'.thi's city.- AugusV31,-. 1903.
.Mary ¦}.. Gerberdlng,: vwJdaw-of - the.-,"lata C-
¦ : 6..J Gerberdlrig,'- tind -. mother ot- "Mr?. C. .W-.
: .Thorh^s./R;. Bard,.;F.'.W^ Ger^.;
¦ • ber-dine,. E.-;O: G«rberdlnfi;;ana -thevlate ~ AT^--.
'¦ '¦ bert^GcrberdJng.'-'a: Biatlve. 'bt Rlctiniorid, Va.-:
"'-.¦¦ JDTNbUc«f of.'funerai'hei'eafter.". •" V ¦•.-¦¦¦ ; ;
.- j JCoppeli ' ai- native of ..Gerrftdny;- -d-ged .70'-years: .
• '• "'¦•iE3?' Friends, and acquaintances, are rtjspecjt.-;
fiilly ' Invited. :tp" "attend." t.he -funeral- .to-day-
.-•" -,XTuesday>, : Bt »-lp= o'clock. :'frorn'--."433 .'. Natopia
¦ ' Street: -.- Interment.- SaJem-'Cemetery';, by --11
7. btclpSit'- train-.: -firorn:.. THird. and." Townserid-'
;. . streets-. ••'•"• ¦'.:'. ;•;¦ ' - ' .-•- '- '. ;." ¦'.' .-•"• '.' ;. " .¦." '
"LANS'lNG^-Jri this .' city.;. August. ¦ 31, .1003,
¦; -'-HeHry' : Jl,-.belov.e.d husband of -. M'eh'etabel • L;
¦ Lansing,, .a'nd.-father. .of .He'try D.,'. Sarah- p.,"
.. Edwin;, Hattie. Bellb and Mab.el ; LarisinBr.,a
; "natf\-e- otl'LIshaskilfi- Albany. C.6unty,.;.New;.
". ;York; -aKed-' -70 years- SL' months -and'-'SSO daysV.
-..(A4bariy',':-N.-';Y., 't<a.pers please 'copy. I ¦'•.'¦...: •'.
: :•' • : -' $£y Friends .'.»re.' respectfully. Invited . to . a't-
./ -tfiTid - : the- .funeral .'service's tb-rnorr'pw--' f-Wetl-:
:jifesday), : i;t 2: o'clock,: at" his late- residence,-
';, .28U7-- -Twenfy-fourtJi street/ .:lhterment " pri> '"
. vale...- ¦¦.¦,.¦•';•.¦'.¦.¦:..;.'.¦.:..•¦:••¦"¦•'¦ ;•'.•.'•". '":.' -
LASSWELlA-In Santa. Rosa, Cal, Augiut. 30..
'.- : 19()3,";G.eofge".W.;'belov"ed -son-.of -: William and r
'-' -Kijeri-.- Lasswell; --an-d..-.. brother •' -of -WilHam;.
••;:"• Robert... .Ida.- :' -A-llcp. Eld'wa.rd-. and'" -"Alheft-
• "¦ Lksswell ' and Mrs. C. -L. 'Gbodw.ln;'a ¦ native
of Kedwood ."Cjty.- Cal.,' aged ¦ 31 years tif
. months arftl 20 days;.. • :•"".-. ¦¦ ¦ . 'j
'. CT" Friends 'and acquamtances- ara.rcspectr.
- -fu'iry Invited ;to* attond. the "funeral ; Wednes-
day, ".SeDternbVr -2; from 4 -Mission ""MasbnVc
';" -'femple, " Mission street. • . between ,Twenty-
6ecpnd -an<J'. -Twenty-third,: "where - seryicea-
:[¦ wjll be- held -under, -the- auspices pf.. Mission'
. Lodge ' No, -160, • at -2 o'clcwk,
•'. th.ent'e- by funeral .rar- "from". Thirtieth strepC
. ahd-.'Sa« Jose' 'avenjue. V Intermejpt'M.ount. .01-'
' iVet ..Cenie.tcr.Jr.' -Reinatns -at- the : parrofs'-of
• H. I-\ : Suhr'.-& Co.."l«7 M.lssiOn s.treet.-.-be-
"' 'tween Seve'rtth and" .Elchth.".-.' ' *.*•;-•;':-;/..
'MAeD.ONAL-D^-In..tnis •city,' '.Aq'gust 3L .1093,'
• '.Sjhyl -Elspeth", beloved daughter pf Agn^s.- 'ami-
.'•the late- 'Alexander DV Macdonald;. and -sis--
; ' ter-" of. .Clajeriqe... ;Alas"Jer : .. and" -Kober't . Bi '
' • Macdonald: a«d. Mrs.- George ".T;. Ptoelpjs,' :a-
• native of San Francisco.- \ •'. -. . ..' .• '. • • .
:¦¦ -TCTTriend's and ."pioneer '.wome.nV-.reipect-
,-" fully -Invited to axterid .the- .funeral to-pier-
row -(-Wednesday), -at' 11 'O'clock,. -from --the
residence o'f tier., mother, : 16 Dqvisad.era
. etreet. • interment private. • : .-
MCGANN— In t^is icity, August 30. 1003. Hen-
• ry, belo.ved .husband of. the Jate Mary Me-
• Gann, and father bf Mrs. Margaret Plnk-
"ham, John McGann and Mrs. Wesley La-,
moreaux, a native .of Ireland, aged 7» years
' . 9 mOntlvs and 7 days. . (Cleveland, Ohlp, pa-
• pers please eppy.) •
• • (jjrFi-lehds. and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral ee»vlces
• Tuesday. September 1, at 8:30 o'clock, at
- the residence of his- daughter. Mrs. Margaret
' Pinkham. 1103 Guerrerp .street, thence to Sty
James Church,' cerner of Twenty-thjrd and
Queu-ero streets, where a requiem mass
win be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
at U o'clock. Interment private. Holy Cross
' Cemetery, by electric funeral j car. Please
omK flowers. . • • •
WILKINS — hi. East Oakland, Cal.. August '31,
" ''18103. at'1460 Twelfth avenue, Emmar Ellis,
beloved wlft of'C. -W.- Wllkins, and mpther
' w6f Dr. 'Fred JE., Ma.ud, Emma E-, Charles
E., .Hazel E.-' and ' Gladys Wilklns, a na-
tive of !New York,- aged 53 years and 5
days.. -A member of 'Oak Leak Chapter No:
8. O. E. S".' • -. .:-." • - .. "
.WEEEM-In- Oakland.. Cal., August 31; 1903,
• Charles'' Leamder, "beloyed husband t)f Sarah;
P. Weed, a. native "of New. York, .'aged- -Vsi
.years." ¦ -. • •. ••"
" jprFriehds- and acquaintances are respect-'
fully' Invited to attend the funeral 'services
Wednesday afternoon, September. 2, at 2
o'clock, -at his late residence.. 726 Eleventh
. street,. Oakland." Interment. Driva.te. . ., '.ATTORNEY'S AND LEGATEES DECLARE
ALLEGED WILL TO BE RANK FOR FORGERY
Know . Nothing of Will.
PLAINFIELD, < N. J., Aug. 31.— The
heirs of Mrs. Charles L. Fair living here
Is ¦ almost constantly irritated . by wind
and mineral- laden . dust; inflammation,
redness; itching and burning, followed by
granulated 'eyelids, are vthe results.
MURINE EYE REMEDY gives quick re
lief. Doesn't smart; soothes eye pain;
makes weak eyes strong. Your druggist
or QDtician sells Mnrini at 50 cents. •
The San Francisco Eye
Judge Kerrigan yesterday granted the
motion of J.' Levi Sr. for leave to sue
Henry Wadsworth. receiver of the Eppln
gers, for possession of the warehouse In
which the grain in' their hands at the
time of their failure was stored. An ex
ception to the ruling was taken by Gavin
McNab, attorney' for the Bank of Mon
terey, which is Interested in the grain.
Can Sue the Receiver.
NEW YORK; Aug. 31.— Charles J. Heg
gerty of " San -Francisqo, attorney for the
Fair estate, says the alleged will received
by Judge Murasky is a fake or a forgery.
Heggerty Gives Opinion.
NO o'nfc has as jnet come forward to
fktfi.cz> the alleged will o : f:tlle Mte
Charles Lew}/*' Fair, iwjhjclv j was*
. "repfetved Saturday- ftfterhojin by •
• ¦'•• ; Superior Judge F.rank J: '"Muras'ky
and by him.illed wltftf Probate CJlerk Ed
ward Casey.'- Attorneys <and agents f'pr
the Fair estate and eve n the-.legate-es !uri
def jthe alleged -will believe .tie; document
to be the work"- of -some practical Jojcer."
Indeed, all ; the circumsta'nces.surroundinar
the receipt of the ' paper and ;tbe ; evi-"
denees .-which it bears on o lts face pbnxt to
this^ conclusion.* ' • .' * ° :_' ¦; • . ¦ #
: The .alleged will Is "drawn In -typewriter
on a sheet of manifold- paper,. *whHch it
extremely thin. It fs date&' Auartist'tf,
1902, one year, lacking two days^ later
than the TCi-ilof Charles Fa.ir which was
admitted to probate after his' dea-th. It
Is purported to bjs *igned by \V. H. L.
Barnes and 1. .W. . Lees, both ' of . whom
died ;a tew months after Fair's
¦death.- It. was inclosed in a white "envel
ope" subscribed* "La*t .will .of Charles X..
Fair" and: then wrapped In- br«rwn paper
and tied" around, with- a string. Across
the face of the "package was a strip of
white paper bearing "J.udge Murasky's. ad
dress and. a .special delivery stamp was at
tached. It 'bore a fsan Francisco . ppst
mark of date August 29.* There was ab
solutely - no mark to show whence tne
package had come. • " : .
The first conclusion that w'as- Jumped at
was that the alleged wWl had. been pro
duqea on behalf of rhe mysterious client
Df William. M. .Cannon, who some months
.ago served notlce x on the attorneys" /or the
Fair estate that, he was attorney for some
person who claimed" to have the custody
of a child .of the late Charles L. Pair.
But Mr. Cannon would have nothing to do
with the new alleged will. " ¦ . ;
"I Tcnow. absolutely nothing- about it,"
he said yesterday, "except what I have
read In the papers.. 1 This purported will
1 was not brought forth In the Interest of
' *
A warrant has been sworn out for the
arrest, of the proprietors 'of the Krone
tannery, located on the San Lorenzo Riv
er, in Santa Cruz County, charging them
with unlawfully kilKng fish. The Fish
Commissioners state that they Will •pros
ecute this case .vigorously, and expect to.
convict the accused parties.
. No home ¦ is complete without, a, gas
range * and Independent water Ihea'ter.
See ours; ;S.- *F. Gas and, 'Electric Co.*»
SEASON FOB. CATCHING ;> ;
>* • ° SHREftP IS NOW OPEN
Many Pe'rsons Qtfnvicted of Violating
•. the StateTfish and Game- .
'. **LaWS." I*:*;?'
Tha* State "Fish -and Game Commission
announces fhat -the season- for tatctting
shrimp will* opeij to-day! At the, same
time the crab season wHl tome to a. close
for two months. ;A11 fishermen ahd deal
ers are warned* that t&ey will be arrested
and punishejl if. crabs are" found »in their
possession during September and Octo- j
ber. The F{sh Commiss.ion is determined
to enforce the law, and all of
the departnvent will be on the lookout for
transgressor. .
CommisslcTner Vogelsang reports that
many persons have been punished ' for
violating the *flsh and game laws jduring
the past week. John AYizmac, Peter Ko
tel ahd. Vincent Machlavoch were arrest
ed after a hard .chase last Sunday afte'r
noon while catching striped bass in San
Pablo Bay. The three men were taken
before Justice Carpenter 'at Martinez and
fined $20 earti for violating the law. *
Cave Lyons was caught shooting quail
in the mountains back of San Diego last
Friday afternoon. He pleaded guilty and
was .fined $23. *
lives at 923rFillmore : street
an. this city ami* has no Idea that the will
naming her as a= beneficiary is genuine.'
¦*L , . sa ys : she Knows" of no - reason why
t "Should hay© ; remembered her. * so
•handsomely, moreover, she • thinks?
tnafc;hfe jvould.' have fcnown hoty'to spell
her name. 'as she was hi his wife's service
6yer eight: years. : . . V •
• Theodore Kylkk, the handwriting Ex
pert,, demonstrated, beyon* doubt tinder a
magnifying glas's 'that the signature of L
h . Lees had been first traced In lead pen
cil and after-ward' drawn- in ink. Portions
•of the lead pencil tracings we.re still vis
ible on the document. The tracing- of the
other signatures was. also demonstrated
by the evident "action- of rubber erasers oa
the paper, in a . written, report 'made to
the attorneys for the Fair estate, Ije said 1 :
' • ¦ • • SAN FR ANCISCO. Auk. 31, 1003.
To Messrs.- Lloyd. & Wood- and Kni*ht *
¦tiegrgerty— KSentlemen: As per your request
on August 29, 1903, ¦ I carefully photographed
ajnd examined the aliened will dated April. 16."
1001. which purport* to have the signature
of C. L. F4ir and I. W. Lees and "W. H. L.
Barnes as the two subscribing witnesses to
this document, and I report to you as fol
lows : . ¦ .
' First — The three sierfetures . on . this docu
ment were*, first traced with a lead pencil';
subsequently they were inlied over, but this
•worK was. rione so "very poorly that the pencil'
4s noticed- in seve»al instances Txloncstde the
Ink. .... • • «
Second — The Jnk is of a blue black char
acter; which is usually used In fountain pens,
and the microscope shows the ink to be of
some months standinc on the paper..
• Third — The ,. three signatures are drawn so
very badly and patched In so many instances
that I did not care to waste plates on genuine
signatures to make any comparison. '._¦.--
Fourth — The odd features about the sfg
naturcs are- that- in many instances • on the
upstrokes the pen went =• clear throueh the
paper. This -peculiarity brlngu into my mind
the. forged Piper, will, where the same thing
is ¦ repeatedly found. - - .
Fif th — All these signatures are very clumsy
forgeries. Very respectfully, T/KTTKA.
Joseph Harvey, husband- of one of the
legatees who was left the tidy sum of
$500,000 under the document, laughs at tBe
bare thought of its • authenticity. Mrs.
Sidney Melbourne, who was Mrs. Lugan,
maid to Mrs. Fair, and ; who, under the
name of "Lugean," is given $200,000 by
the purported will, is : not- elated by her
' Both Attorneys- Knight jand Heggerty
are absent from the city, 'but At'torney
Madden of the same firm shares Captain
Seymour's opinion that the whole matter
was originated In a spirit of ill-advised
fun. . . . ' • .
'fay clients.* I .did notify the attorneys! et;
the Fair Estate that I' had been consulted
.by pertafh. parties '.on • behalf-;of- an alleged
child' -of Charles Li .Fair. Iihave never at
.any jtime # Indicated to any One, , Intention
=a!ly :or unintentionally) the' identities 6r
•these parties nor ihe oex b* the pulative
"child. • . . .• . * • * . • . •
¦ '"The. m'attcr. in .Which I' wa$- employed .
•Is in-' exactly the-sarcie position -as It -was
•at the time of my notificaUon to th"e ajt
• torneys. Whether or -not ii ?«ill be broi^ht
.into*. th> courts "d^penQs entirely .on cir
¦cumstances -whioh-I am not* at liberty to
explain;, if it is" brought to trial it wilt
be because I believe In the -justness of th»
¦cause and' it will *bB fought to a concJu
c-sion.' As- far as" this' alleged will is con
cerned we 'have h«thing to do with it and
have no Interest in it." . . v . ' • •
Captain Seymour, who "is- 'agent- Tot the
Feir -estate,. felt. positive that the produc
tion ; of. the alleged will was nothing
more than a' bad Joke. He said: • •
"The idea that Captain i. W. Lees
could have "been a witness to a will of
; Charlie Fair's and kept the secret after
Fair's death Is preposterous. The ' same
may" be .said of General. Harnes, who was
a warm, friend of the attorneys for the
! estate and wou4d • certainly v have told
them of a transaction so important..* "We
all- regard' this as • a hoajc' and the fact
.that the- document beqame. public in th&
manner 'ft* did shows plainly that it was
never intended seriously."
PHOTOGftAPH QP -THE? A'LL.EGED -LASt 1 W&h OF- CHARLESL. F^.IR ISHNT TO JUDGE ijiURAS-KY -WITH "
•...'THE. BROWN* PAPER COVEilINGCQNTAlNJNp;iTAND..THir GENUINE SIGNATURES 6-P THE LATE W
•Hi t:. BARN'ES -AND I; W» LEES. " ''-.'' . * ' 5 .. " ': ";' • i' : "' * - ' ' *
•'. 1 Absconds With. Jewtfrj.' I • ;
•
.
'
f
'
!¦•
[
• Marc j Uchiensfeftiy- "jeweler.-" 617 , Wish
in^toft^ street, -secureti- a .^ratrant from
Police Judge CabanisS yesterday for*"\"he
ari-est of Manuel •L >e 4vison on..-a pha'r^e ft
felony embezzfemejit.: *L*vlsAn was* em.i
ployed as a clerk In;-.t"he store *an,d; lt "hi
*l>eged that on'Sa^rdUy he.disappeared*.
ta'kJngr Mm*$130|'.wortt «bf jewelry/
.Two : of jthe. stolen.*.rings w,iicji he had
pawned.were recovered yesterday by De
tectLve Brcls. • * . • . '
A pillar pf «tren4t"h iS.gfocd priniln*. S^8»ii-
Rollins. 22 Civ. know ; tljeir busipeSa: .*."•."'
"Harper is the P.asto»*of the Centenary.
Church oh Bush • street^ In February of
¦last year it 'came to. the. ears of the elder's
o.? -the chufch. tjiat* he, - while enjqylng
the'lyxurtts of the .'baths In the "-Ybu.nR
"Men-'s* Christian Association building. 'ha-f
so conducfed-Tiimseif' tliat "he became J&>
•talk, of- the members." and* liad finally; be
cause • of.- his action'^,, been severely. pun^.
ish«d ."by "one of the?ni,'a man' named Mc
.Kenzfe. He. ; was identified. * the • .report
sh»w«, by the mark Tof.ilcKeriile's.flst' '
• TTh'e charges were '.tekea . cj> by '-.the'.
"Vethodist Confeffence and : glvea- Into <Ea
hands ot a cpn«nitt,fte , f or Investfsatian. •
A report was flled whi^h-pracUcally £aid
the charges were" true and. It la said, 'liar*
per^o^ly esoaped being deprived, of -his
charge because ho agreed to take- .a. trip*
•to Europe. With his father and becuuse
Rev. E. J: Thcima3"..-a fellow minister. *p*
peared . before .the-"commirtee and" asked,
that the •charges:, be no't-. pressed. '.' .-." '• '
.Tile /act tj»at H.afper has se*rv fli to
brmg the story o£ 'liis alTegefl wrdngacj*n5
Into the couFts. has occasioned coKsidfjra
"ble taUc and'surprise. for it vr^s thouaht;
that tha filing of tlie'ltbmmlrtse's fepoxt*
closed an incident that 'has been a source
of much worry td-the" meynberrs cjif "his
cliurcli. *-*«*j* * ' -•;! . *.». - "
ClaibQs.Hee.Waa Idjureci
I by Metlibai^tElders-''.
: " - ' " .': .
MINISTER SEEKS
HEAVY DAMAGES
¦tie Jri- reference- to -her domesth: affairs
.exbept what- could "be Seen on the: street.
¦ ; TBU-S MAKES STATEMENT.
'" The statement of o Chanles*" True." who.
w*s .before -the- Chjef oS Police Saturday
night-, was '.made for tHe first- time
.yfesr-erday-- He' said, that fte-'was a cousin
of Mrs...Bow*er3* life husbana.. When; he
heard that.' the -bridge builder was-'dead
. .he wenfto the. houae to .give such ajd' as
: /.he might -to, the wtoaw. He; advised her"
to d^a.w' her money! • irom'.. the Hibernla
l?ank ahd pfece it somewhere else so that
•np one" else, could give her trouble on ac
.' joount'of "if." . ' •• . .-: ° -. .
J./Sh'e did as he adyised." He accompanied.
: fiet on her: err'and =a'nd then took" her to
the Gerhsan Savirfg^s Bapk, where stre te
deposited-her fund^.-Hej declared that. he
..knew., nothing, -of. the idotaestlc* .affairs in
'the Bowers' Jiousehiid. : ' " - * 0 .
' Photographs 'have been made' of • Mrs.
•Bowers' .JiandwrltiAg. . arid the forged- pre
scription. In about 200 pt 4\er- letter? and
oxt the' forjgod • prescription the-"!!'' 1 and
• the "A", are always made--in the.'same
manner. When waiting. at "th"e dictation
of.Chlef Wittmaii afeej changed the .fopma-.
t.ion of -each "of those letters arid declared
that she. -hart always made th*»m in'-that.
'way. • .* : V" •" • *•* - :
•'.The writing on, | the prescription: . and .
Sirs. Bowers' chlrdgraphy. are wondprfal
; ly " similar.- Expert. JCytfca says tlie" : same}
I person wrote-tlte letter to Harry Bpwefs.
and the forged prescription. • . * ."
• •Ko' trace of the:- box In "which. 'Drug
Clerk Peterson sold arsenfo.to'thewomaii"
he says was Mrs., Button; 'nor 'of tha pur-'
1" chase cf -othec poison, has been .discov
ered thus far, although the; detectives .ai-e
constantly at worlt on this, line. As Jhire
ate about- -'300 drug 'stores in town and as
the purchase of atsenlc,' for, wWch the of-".'
'fleers." are- searching- might have-i been
I made more than tiiree jnehths-ago, it can
f readily be ; seen thjat the -task Js a difllcult:
¦one. ! Detectives Kyan and Colemart were
.vlsitfhg" tfie'- drug: stores f Or three hours
last eight. * i: ¦ l-\ "• *; ¦ '. ""
;CJilef or Police {iX'-ittman has. taken per
sonal charge of : the case. :He- says that
th'era is.no need to question" the women
further, as he fcejs .that aboui "(enough
; ev.iderice 'is already at "hand, j He believes
' that'Lervey- is playing a cunning: part":
•tliat he fchows the- whole .truth and that.'
.he .will confess all within a 'few days. .. -. '
. -Mrs. Sutton. sent 'an" UTgent telegrarii
¦yesterday to. her mother in. PortJand, Or.,
j explaining the situation and asking for i
aid. _ Mrs. 'Byers, the, mother, *is np^v on
her Way to» this" city. ' . • *' ,
The chemists who" are analyzing the
contents of the murdered man's stomach '.
will gjye their report' to • the - Corener .
i Wedn,esday. * * '*~r~.Krf: *-.", J i ':
The .officers questioned several people,
•who live in the neighborhood of the -Bow-*
efs house yesterday, but jione of them*
could furnish any valuable information.
They had" all noticed tha*. . L'ervey was e.
frequent visitor .when "Bow o ers .was'awajS
and that the imprisoned, widow always
grebted her. husband with effusiveness on
his weekly return from Mare Island. The
neighbors did not have aiuch to, do' with
Mrs.. BoWers by reason of her intimacy
with-Lervey and know in consequence lit-"
and In this vicinity say they know noth
ing of the Fair will reported filed in San
Francisco except what they have read in
the dispatches from' that city.
An : unauthenticared- rainor was going;
the round's, yesterday that iiersrey was an]
ex-cehylct. The" jecordsl" w.ere searehed, 5
but* jit* could- not be discovered that any;
.one .answering hjs description' with any"
0/ his -four na.mes*had served "a sen'te'nee"
in either of the- State .penitentiaries. He
asserted that" tie Imd never been arrested
'before. ••"..• * ' °
"She has. had •• several conferwc.es withi
'her littpcney and is. . becqmJhg ' very retl-'
cent.: \Vhehever she was asked new ques-i
.tlohs 5 about ;Lejryey. she 'declined ; to .an-
swerj '• Neltwer would she" talk of tne
forged-prescxlption/ Her. mjemory is also'
bocom!pg haiyv • ' . ' * " . * ,*
'Mrs;. Suttan's • examination resulted 'Or
no material disclosures. %he parries cer-i
tain tiues£}ons and refuses te answer otV
ers. Both women ahd "Le'rvey. were given*
another '"sweating" in the afternoon, but:
fio n£W fact?, of -importance were secured]
thereby. "'.•'•• : * »
After Lerve'y. or" O'Leary, .' had been!
thoroughly, examined, "MtB. Siitton'. jihd-
Mrs. Bowe'rs -were summoned .befoce ihe
District 'Attorney ahd repeated the con- !
f esslop? they made *th«i previous' high*, to i
Detectives" Ryajniand' C.oletnan.* . Mrs.
'Bower's would .give no reaso'nfor lying jn
her first stafenients- about her. relations*
with Leryey..:' Shd .protested 'against- the 5
furXh«F cOnflnomCrit pf the man- a«d J as- 1 1
serted thjjt he was an ignorant fool. Sfevil
eral times duHng'the^djy she made the?
same objections to various officials. If is'
thought that .this partial confession, has "]
caused her to feap "that he may break"
down entirely, ,hence her solicitude. " •
WOMEN -ARE. BUjICENl".'
. Ler.vey," -of O'Leary. was unable" to 'tell
wherfe he hjafd livell before he went't'a'835
Howard "street .; two- -a'eeks -fege.. .He
thought" .it was somewhere on* Natoma"
street or near that, thoijbufehfafe. ' He
knew some. people ;wh(&n.:he came tq the
city, =.bui' they'^are. -all- dead J no-w." *.* .
Tlie man 46clares that Mrs, BoVers
n^vejr.SRoke.o'f -liier hy^b'and, although
they -were carousing together- scores.. Qf
tim.es and talked- of everything else. He
says that 'he is .very sick of -3ail life and
the* authorities; • fe<"^ conflaent that : his
obtuseness • and . obstinacy are kbout to
disappear.""""'"• „. "' .• "" •".- "• •.'
' He :change$ his pamfc^frioni-'O'Leary to
lJear>* rwo : days ago. .Yesterday his name
wes fjr?t ;Lfever-y and" then-.L.ervey.,-..He.
lnsfsted; -that thtf'last Tvas, cofreci.- He j's
•Unable to, s'pejl-. • sd • thajt-.'there- Is 'stiH>
so.me : doubt .as fo wha'^ -lie* should ••b»"
.called:'- The; detectives "asked 'l\ixn wh^f
fhfe numetal ""i" M'«s " yesterday, but -if
.was. . much • pf ¦ a", mystery to him a j a.
cunfeifcirm . Inscription.* He -stated' that
he had: lived . in ,San" Francisco .'for "a
period 6t fWeiveV year's. ", but.. - tHe' only,
parson .with "wli6m he. was"'acguaiBte(t
outsjiJe. of "Mrs." " "Bowers "was'. a : Barnfey
somebody, • who . driyes .-a. :c6al ".wagon-, on
the' ¦vyaiei 1 ' Trbntl " . " J - .'•'•*» •¦"¦-'
•' TJle njstthing',the- ; fibuth6rlties;<Jidye.s« 1 '
tefday- morning ty^s t.p take "O'Leary IJe-
X<ire the {bjstrict Att6rney. t.o^ teU.;.the
story' <>f' his; relations .with. Mrs.: Bowel's.-.
¦Jfe told again .'ho^f h> TiArf remalh.^d with
the. woman it t'. her = hoiise for -.ttte 1 - two
•:days.foHowirtg..tke death -df 'th.e; bridge
builder. -He-alsQ.-.cpnfssse'dthat-he haia,
be?n" -inf the- habit- of; vj-.siti.ng". heir- four '6r
•five .timefr a "we'ek while, her .husband '.had
been.- -working-. 'at/Mare 'IsianjL • ".ifayy.
Yard. ; He .told -a. little' m<}re :Wlth' every
hour Of -"s*reating"'.ahd. the' ofQirfals Jje
lieve- thjat-a-'full 6ohfessipn- from him- Is'
not far .distant.; ."• ' • -V *' ¦'•¦'. •'•
6'IjEAilY ;' C'HAilGES / . .NAMK
The hearing in the habeas corpus pro
ceedings, which was scheduled to take
place y«sterdax. morning, was postponed
until noon to-day. The writs In favor of
the two women were grivite^i on applica
tion, btit the" attorneys failed, to- notify
the. District Attorney* of . the matter, as
Is required .in Superior Court procedure.
When Frank Drury for • Mrs.. Rowers
arose jn. court- to: present his case .Dis.
trict. Attorney Eylngton objected on the
gronnds mentioned", and Judge Cook" sus-.
.tained him. The lawyers for the defends
ants .then asked^ that the hearing he : set
.for : 2" o'clock in the, art*rnoon, ; . .but: the
Judge thought, the time .too Short : and set
•the' .proceedings tor- to-^dy.; ~ Th«i court
>oom was xirdwded ;with- those curious to
ee"e th<? two wpnjen", °ah.d great ' was ilie'
disappointment when, It became "manifest
that ;tHey turoujd.npt appear^ •-.¦...' ..' ' V ; .
The mystery surrounding: the . death p:
Martin L. Bowers comes nearer solutlor
with : each succeeding • day. Yester
•day's developments furnished additions
strength to the theory of -the -'police 'thai
the -guiity parties ore eafe behind th<
bars at .'the City Prison. O'Leary weak,
ened a little more during the progress 01
two severe ''sweatings," and he is . not
expected to hold out much longer.
Mrs. Bowers is betraying the greates)
anxiety :about her -paramour's confessions
and Is .informing the • officials at ever>
opportunity that he. should- be released.
Mrs. Sut'ton is the only one of the three
suspects who retains her.Belf-cont.rol. All
of them- now show plainly that they are
.beginning to realize the gravity of th«
Bltuatioh. The detectives . are keeping
•hard at'.wprk and . unear.th -new evidence
continually. \ The scene of action will
soon be. transferred to the courts. ..
Scene of Action Is About to Change
. Prom Police Seadquarters :
. to the' Criminal ! - "
, '- : ; : . ,':- : .-'y. Court ;¦"' ,' : "'¦.-.: ¦¦¦ '-¦;¦¦¦
Much More Light Is Thown
; on Bowers Murder v !
' •;¦;_ : .:¦.•¦ '¦ ¦. ;: ¦-Mystery.: .'¦;: •¦.;"; :¦ -¦;'
'iers'^md-js reKard4d/as"-reckles8- arifl^ WUd.t
.thou^h";-he;.Ti^:T5;.n.«rv-er- eqnsid'^red '.dajiger
¦ws'eff ifaualto. thVcrinje. hi "cartunitted.
:;i : eFter^^y: : -;.Thfi offlcers wjitchea= the
•hj^j^e-'. untii .an' eaH>'- hTjur. .this morning',
.• i -biit;.wfjfe;- : Uria'hle: to lo'caj^ the man- they
¦'&ki(tedi:-"l '¦....-':"•; .* ' ._..'"-.• • ' ;'
>:oii -oTiUtiOO an^ spent It |eclti<w*Xy.'- One;
¦year prtvfaaf to ttot^. lie. *nct -Mi^s" Bior
iandr (jpr»par.lc»rtstj"p;:clevetop'«i lnto'-JoVey
;i>t;t th«r-:youn£ syotnart r-eftiJ5!?d,to-.coi^erit.
;<t iiiati5Triofty : ' until ThoriiaS rfefoVmeji .and
: .iHt>a;n^.c«i*<i hfe : l<jis«oiute'. ,.!*¦ ijwfr
¦peaps iliat tK^ pair.ter: 'draplt'K'ra-^.Hy'-^n'ii;
-S?-rKbl«;V*.-* rrcrs^erlty. wij ; tep.-nivch • foir
- a.rtd . JiSs, ¦lrtJiVrUa.hcej'jiassia-aUsbst
aai epietdlly'as {I cauie* .: : . . . : ; "".' •:
: Many • Vane* JThpih&s T^^'^.tjrped; .Mis*
Fiorraiid to m&fr?' "tenf, Qn *a^h coc.aplo,?.
iof his Voofngi th? jpfrll ref tased;j]t<>ic6xuflde*.
{his ; prof>osal : tmtil fcuc'h tlr»e* ai he'roendr
:^d ; his :T<ia'ys ain* .prdtels>ed Ijo be. sober. "and;
¦irdustr'ouB." pivtag; ip ait' the • r^fltlesa
-habits tha,t had cast -ii.iinytTlUjoTit 'the paU :
;iof -..her -c'steeni.. '• ¦•*. ..' ."."';¦. l.* e ! =
/: : .yieste5day; ;fo.f. t^e.': fii'st; tlnie ipitAghi
monlhs; ;the_cb«pJs;hiet> ll^ey c&$i# rti^
;.*:ethpr In a c.oal^-yara. office 'condncted' by
L*f<rj- ¦¦¦Nefcioii, : a' trotbeii-I^-la-w ot;;tht>.
;"!g<rl. .oh^El^dy Istrcetf.; Mfss;BorJandJs : «iij r 
: py6yed."as a Nokkeeffr 3tt tbe : place -aird;
vAs.busj" when her suitrxf* entered. Kewi
ton ¦ . waif ajso' • preBe'irt. ,? buf Vh^tt h^
l^strnc'd: that -.Thomas 'l£M •copa«'tV : urg«
Iris .ciayse of *;<?Vp 5h« rr^tlr^d; aiidxa^ not.
present vrhhn 4.be-etabblni?-eccyrced:';: .'.•
: :, At .first Triotoas-linplbyea Miss-ictrland
to accept' him: .as .aV hysljand. "-Shie:
tjntfed ;in hei! prcrlpos^ <leifrmln<tlian;^ind
rpfuerd to s*ve her consent *ni'f if .' !h» . had
r^fpTnred yand agi'fe.d. te- tJecome a -better
man. Ctiajccined by the r£fuSai.-."th$ -per-
lover a?kc.a -hi* "sweetjijeart'.far •§=
; kiss..; This fhe indignantly' refysea'.- . t"heH
.Thomas /resorted to -.force.. tg ,
his' arims;: he: embraced h?r; 'fcut. th«" em-
brare wais^one 'of -intended death. -for- the
niadd«??ie<! loy^r. -dre-w' a: 'sharp 'ijle/jrora-
JsisJ pocket ;^hd '. epifamejiCed; ' his Vltfcrus
*drkf.i; ; -r:V ,.-'*-•-; .•:•¦:•: - ; ¦;¦:'.-::-•.¦. "
¦; 'Madjy lie Struck w^th the.^ierplhgirri
pleihen*,. Wjth one? -ar^n- -about '£i£- \ii
tim's .Waisf.-he. Ftruirk fcloW afte*
.^ith- tli<»" o'tber; iiriti.i.. fifteen. thr.usts ; - hsfd ¦
-b*rirn made" and a? Jftgpy .rworfrtds/epirtBd.
th,e^^ri;>yieq«j'hfr" hfcrsetf/
rushed, to a' window: that- Etae'migK > t' i ap-'
peaVfor'.'aVsiBj'ance,: £mas^fnj? 'i'jiah'4 -of :
jglass with, her flg-C^he" called to a barber
on' the. oDporft.p jsfde' ;of .'thfe streei .' that.:
Fhe was' -iii "distress |and'. hPRg-ed hJm fo'
c.ome'. to.V'lierj assistance.- i -^'hen' Thonia»
realized that -tielp.for "the Jjirl-wire -near;
jit hand; • bt-. xuxhed : " f roni ' fhe place: -anfl j
made his. .e'sear>ei , . . "•: ¦ .' :', ¦';¦'.-. :.'££ ••• • : ! '.'
. Mlss : Borland' was -carrJed ip.'the barber.',
>'ndt .t^>' Jaitrfiiijahcei fr,cfm the'iCen
tral .V Eiit'?rpe f hvy : Hospital •.' eumraonea.*-
AN^hVii - she .was 1 Jilaced ;u # charge " : bf • the-:
s.urgecms; it. was . found., tiki:: live ' file
penetfsttea .^her -•.bqd>;.'fiftfien ;tlnveg.' ;jher'e ;
.wksf; one • woynd 'oh- the, .'point' of thej s^hoql
de-r. two'-onf the; front of 'fhe/shoulder, one
Vin-.th«".neck;-nfne -on" the 'left arnt. one pn.
the :l«>ft. : .side. oier. the- elshth: ri> and' ©ne
twja ,'ln'cheiF below the apex '-of the 'hfeart.-
Ttiere;wa.!«;-a,l«rt : an ,1ncj&ed ; svpuria. 'of -tHp
lia : n'd .which ; the; V9unk-.wbniari'-hkd 'r«i.
r<?i\ v ea--whil^ breaking .the .wlndoTV..- '•: ".* '.\
; ;Tmfneaja(ely. after ¦ the-' ocpurrehce; • De-"
tectlj.-i?s. .\i'ren .aria -'Rcyjvolds'- were'- jj;aeed
In: charg:^,! of- '¦- the .ca*e'.-- They' •ob'talaed -a
Btatenient.:.fr.o.<n';the 'woman, "whp^ -hjj>i^
riVs'are 'not ; cqiisfdered . Ferlous.- a'pd ; 'then fj
Started'in Search '..df ; .th«* -assailant. ¦?¦¦• ' * •
:^' Thorhas^lives'- w-ith his "brbthers.&rid sis-}
¦"V; M*ttii*\fr ' Tbb':na>, . : a • ybaiag •" "painter, -j
I '~x'ip.bbe&: -B;!ar^p.'-Bbf:ena ; ; n*<cea. titr*» i
/v.hilb: tlyey w^re : ln! a-n- ofHea •a,t.-l£^.'^^iJrJ
• Bijtrt yiesierdfay.af teraoojif: Thovn^', j.tar. lj
*¦'. sa-ne.Vl.th ts©8 .bjicauB^' thej:"wo*raan.->jrdul<l
¦ : »Qt*. confeeijt tij bicbnio- his!, wife; sistfckexf .
. her 5\lth".th.e iefttj- of A*fitej.:«.nd-.oniy tie-}
"slktesJ Irf. hl^ ihujnie rpus Tfork- -xrijeH v"thw'
- '..iuefttiot* pt*neiffhbprs*vrasi:attiracfe.4."?"his
VouUl-bt- "murderer; is sttlF. at l'args.'^P.4 .
• -detectives arfe-©rt- Jils^lraili . ;".'/ '. • •¦ \.i '"'.' .
1 ¦ Thoinfe iesiiles; sit 194 peTiBa^ero ftrpet;
V/Abdsk- 0tyi jeaf-'jagb fhe cime; '. in . jjesicsi
Officials Think O'Leary
Will Soon Make
¦• : Confession. /
JRsy&jns;e^ ;ra;^$&; 3?ri^
'"j \-: ; i;:'-"; : ipiGriiipi^ :£¦•; v; ..?;¦¦¦•¦
DENOUEMENT
MAY COME AT
EARLY DATE
STABS A WOMAN
FIFTEEN TIMES
THE. SAN FRAN (CISCO CAXit; TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, ;1903.
Alleged Fair Will Bears
i. Evidence of Being
} the Work of a Tact
less Practical Joker
14
" Tour letter of the 21st iq regard to
the case of my little boy at hand. I am
truly thankful to say that the . core
effected by the Cuticura Remedies has
been a most thorough and successful
cure to date. There has been np return
of the disease, and my boy who fs bott
past eleven years -is as strong and
healthy a boy as any one would wish for,
with a skin as soft and delicate as a
baby."
f old thm««hoBt th* *«rld. Cntlenrm Bm*1t«bL <9«.
flu torn *t Cktetif Ce«twl PilU. Ke.Mr *UI of «).
Oirue.r i. tOu. Soap. ttc. Scwti t Loadra, V C&arter-
>eu*a fq.i fwii, I IUi* im U ¥*lx| Bttlon, 1JT C*laia.
*«.. Art. roam Drug* Ch«tn. C»r», CoU rre».-l«t«r».
Mr. Wattaim Writes, Feb. 23, .1 903.
¦ ' Cure was Thorough and
Successful. Ursa
HO RETURN Itt. SIX YEARS
•"."My littla' *on,"a boy -ot five," b'rpike
oat with a"a itching rash. "Three doctors
prescribed for bini, but he kept petting
yrorseji imtil vrc cquld notdres^liini atij
in'ore. They finally advised me to try »
. certain medical collcge*bu t its treatment
did not do any good. At the.time I was
induced to try Cuticura Remedies be
\ras so bad that I had to cut hit hair off
tud put the Ccticura 'Qintme'nt ob him
on bandages as it was impossible to.;
touch him with the bare- hand; -There.
•wa» cot one square inch of skin on hU-
whole body that was not affected. He;
wss one mass of sores*. ' The bapdages'
ased to stick to his skin 'and in rembv-
log them It- used to take tie 'skin off.
•srith them, and the screams from the*
poor child were * heart-breaking", t.
be*;an to think that he woald never Ret
well, bat after the accqnd appiijc*tlon
of Catlcnra Ointment I began .ta see
f ipes of improTemeat,*. aad with the
third and fourth applications the' sores
commenced to dry up. pis skin. peeled
off twenty times, but.it finally yielded
to the treatment. I used the Cqticura
Resolvent for his blood and now I can
say that he- is entirely cared, and. a
stronger* and healthier boy you nerer
saw than be is to-day. You can use
this testimonial In whatever way you
please, and if any proof ontside .of my
word Is needed I will refer to any of .
our neighbors." * Robert Wattam,
4922 Center Are,, Chicago, 111.
Dec 13. 1897. * . ' . * .
CURED BYCUTICURA
ADVEBT^SlJME'NTa. !
Not One Square I nch of Skin oh tils
;' . . .Whole Body Unaffected/ ".'
Awful Suffering of a" Boy from an
1' .. ..: ' Itchins Humor. V ".'
a Mass Mwm
ADVERTISEIffElfTS.
PSAGEBS.
FBAGEBS
MILUONS
... .
— AT
• • • * ;-.': • • •
DEALER'S
TO-DAY .•
„ • .. •
For Stomach Disorders*'.
Gout, and Dyspepsia
¦ - . BRINK . ' ¦
Best NATURAL AlkAline Water*
A. VIQNIEE. CO., 'San Francisco.
1 v- ; i: II®; ; :;>;;-Sttrprise»;;g^*;;-; |l|y||i
I First Jubilee I:
1 • . : Sale. "" '"••¦vV;'i.":"-;7:|!
§ (Jr<BeiilVa^gStiap|)S ; | j
j AS an opening sij»T>rise of our first anniversary a
I J^ jubilee sale, we v/ill give all of our customers I
| TWO Green Trading Stamps Instead of one 1
I on all cosh purchases made to-day. • The thousands, y '.':
| of shoppers who crowded our store yesterday \ at W
i the opening • of this magnificent, sale ; were - repaid 0
1 With the greatest bargains ever offered in this city, a
1 We were congratulated on all sides for the splendid j
I goods displayed, and to show bur appreciation* of jj
; the support given us by; all we take this occasion to I.
: give DOyBLE the usual nuniber of Green Trading' i
; Stamps to-»(day. .. : * . * : -' !•*•'•.'¦