SOFIA, Sept^$.— Heavy fighting is reported from Debre district. Turks attacked Da
mo ehi village and the 'losses on both sides were great. A covtpany of Albanians zvas captured
and slaughtered by Macedonians.
TURKS AND MACEDONIANS
SUFFER HEAVY LOSSES IN
ENGAGEMENT AT DAMOEHI
AMERICAN INSTITUTIONS IN .THE SULTAN'S DOMAIN, AND CONSULAR OFFICIAL WHO WAS FALSELY RE
PORTED TO HAVE .BEEN- FIRED UPON BY TURKS, THE GROUNDLESS RUMOR RESULTING IN THE
DISPATCHING OF UNITED STATES WARSHIPS TO TURKISH WATERS.
Parry is certain that the men prowling
about his grounds do not Intend to. take
any one's life. Their object, he believes,
is to kidnf p some member of his famlly
and thus strike at his purse. A watch-,
man last night reported that he had over
heard a conversation two or three nights
ago between two men, in which it -wad
said -that the Job would bring J2000.- anO^
that it would be useless to run any risk*
until a boat had been obtained.
To-night fresh t ammunition has been is
sued to all the guards.
Another plot to murder Parry ' was
brought to light late to-night. The po- :
lice were Informed of suspicious charac
ters lurking in the shadows of the tun
nel that passes under the tracks of the '
Union station. Before any arrest could: "
be made the men escaped.
Parry has been repeatedly warned in
letters addressed to him, threatening his
life, to beware of the tunnel. He la
obliged 'to pass through it three or four
times a day to and from hl3 factory. He
goes armed at all times, and, when driv
lnff. his coachman, also is arsusL -<*
INDIANAPOLIS, Sept. 3.— D. M. Parry.
president of the National Manufacturers'"
Association, and . organized labor's open
foe," has doubled the guards he had placed
around his house to prevent the possible
kidnaping of his children by his Industrial
enemies. This action was taken on ¦ ac
count of a pitched battle that took place
around his premises at an early hour thi3
morning.
The fight wa3 between "Frank Smith, a
watchr?an, and two men whom he discov
ered In the shrubbery along the banks of
the canal that flows through Parry's
grounds. Smith found the men In hiding
and upon his confronting them they
opened fire. Other guards ran to his as
sistance, and for a time the shooting w,a.-s
lively. A score of shots were exchanged,
none, however, as far as known, taking
effect. - » V
Prowlers Fire on
Guards at the
ParryHome. .;
"You have sacrificed everything before
the altar of liberty. Your villages were
burned, your homes pillaged, your chil
dren..massacred and your sisters, wives
and .mothers violated. A succession of
valiant champions has persisted in the
struggle and dyed the fatherland with
their, dear blood, but with greater zeal
you have embraced the fight. Your smok
ing hearths have strengthened your man
liness; the* cries of the children and the
moans of the women exasperated your
souls. From the breasts of the fatherland
came new champions, .replacing those
wb» perished. , The holy flag of liberty
waves more proudly over the dear father
land. Your enemies .ire rendered speech-
. "Armed with only your own strength
against a- mighty empire, -with pitiless
foes, with the power of your right hand
and the might of your spirit you have
shaken the hateful Ottoman dominion.
A t hundred thousand of the Sultan's sol
diers and an innumerable infidel mob
were unable to resist your advance.
¦¦ A . special • dispatch from-Rila, near the
Turkish frontier, says a courier has ar
rived there with a copy of the proclama
tion of a general Insurrection, which has
been daily awaited. .The document, Is ad
dressed to "Our brethren -In .Macedonia
and Adrianople," and begins by congrat
ulating them upon the heroic fight they
have already waged. The proclamation
continues:
'/:\_ '..',] held at^the palace of Euxlno
grad.'near Varna, to-day.' 'The announce
; ment of. the result .of the deliberations- is
anxiously; awaited here.. -
No, definite news was received to-day
regarding . the operations of the insur
gents : across the frontier. ,, Bands vary
ing In strength are dally passing over. the
border. , ". - . , . ¦'. ,. J
. The. Insurgent general staff has. issued
a proclamation throughout Macedonia,
asking for the "support of the whole pop
ulation and pointing out . that the revo
lutionary forces are not fighting for a
neighboring power, but for. human rights.
. The. Turkish- troops recently made an
attempt' to take a pass occupied by in
surgents through the valley of the Sates
ka; River, ' but were defeated with great
loss. ¦ ' • . ¦;. \
y»-^»OFIA, Sept." 3.— A council, pre
¦ ft. -^ ; sided rover by Prince Ferdi
.-, /**^fek ' nand and attended.by the Pre
"^ y. y mier and the' Ministers of In-
* : ¦ terior, -War and Justice -was
Ministry of Bulgaria
Holds Council *
of War.
LABOR'S FOE
FEARS HAND
OF ASSASSIN
Continued on Page 2, Column 5.
Continued on Page 2, Column 4.
Two* Yankees Receive .-'.'I Bayonet
¦ -Wounds'" During aj Combat ''¦'[ *
in, Peking.
•' PEKING, Sept.' 3.— In ' a ' fight to-day be
tween French soldiers and- four-Ameri
cans the French used bayonets and two
of the Americans were badly wounded,. "
FRENCH -' SOLDIERS 'AND :¦¦
AMERICANS IN .. FIGHT
VISALIA, Sept. 3.— At the . Sharman
ranch near ; this ."city this morning Earl
McKim, a lad of 16 years, was; placed in
charge -of a-; crude ; oil engine and tank
house. An^hour later there was' an explo
sion, which set fire to the house. The
boy was deluged with burning oil. He ran
about 300 yards to a water trough in
which he rolled and put the fire out. He
had been so badly burned, however, that
the doctor says he will die. During his
run from • the tankhouse to the water
trough the dripping burning^ oil from' the
boy's clothes set fire to the" field. ~ V
of. "the ..Reliance's .victory was -received
here with a feeling akin to relief .that the
long-drawn contest was ended. Uniform
regret is expressed at Sir Thomas Lip
ton's failure after making such a' persist
ent efforfto* tvin'the'AJn'erica's cup. t
Sixteen-Year-Old Boy Deluged ¦ by
Burning. Oil During an "
-. Explosion.
RUNS TO A TROUGH ¦¦¦¦.'¦
WITH CLOTHING ABLAZE
. -» y. EW YORK. Sept. 3.— The Re
yraL ¥ liance, the American cup.de
- r / fender, to-day won the third
• • / end final race and the series
JL » -for that famous sea trophy,
''. .. the America's Cup. In a
¦¦ " aense fog which prevented vision beyond
200 yards she finished the race at 5:30:02,
: amid the acclamations of the assembled
" fleetl The Shamrock III after running
for more than an hour in the fog, missed
. the finish line, passed by it and returned
• to" it from the opposite direction. As the
. Reliance was then being towed through
. the fleet, the yacht's ensign fluttering
from her truck and spreaders in celebra-
tion of her victory, the Shamrock III did
cot cross the finish. As often said of the
• historic race when the America won the
cup. "there was no second."
•' This successful result was achieved on
. ly after four futile attempts to safl off
the final race, and after victory for the
' Reliance had been admitted by even Sir
•Thomas Lipton to be a foregone conclu
". Eion. To-day's was the eighth attempt
to sail a race. After gne fluke the Re
liance won the following two races, one
"by seven minutes an<\thiee seconds and
' the other by one minute £.nd nineteen
• .seconds. A week ago to-6ay the first at
tempt to sail the third race failed, anJ at
.• tempts have been made every day this
. week. • On these occasions the Reliance
led the Shamrock to. the finish line by a
wide margin, but failed to reach it be
fore the expiration of the time limit of
. five and one-half hours.'
To-day's \1ctory means that the cup is
§ destined to remain in America until Eng
land is able to produce a genius equal
to Hcrreshcff in yacht designing; *7
Barely, it ever, has there been a. more
the ., afternoon papers pub
lish ed ; a - special edition' announcing the
result, but the announcement had already
been discounted by the dispatches giving
the progress of the race.
The consensus of opinion is that Sir
Thomas Lipton has done everything that
time and money could accomplish and
widespread sympathy for him' Is shown.
The chief hope expressed in the streets is
that Canada. will enter the lists next year
and possibly succeed where the . mother
country has failed. It seems. Improbable
that, in view of the failure of Shamrock
III, another challenger will soon be dis
patched from' England.
This morning's papers publish editorials
congratulating the United ' States ' upon
again, retaining^the America's cup and
complimenting Sir Thomas Lipton on his
gallant fight. All the journals agree that
the contests were won by the better boat
and the cleverer skipper and crew, and
admit that there seems to be no reason
why the United States should not retain
the cup for many years to come, since it
seems that Great "Britain has something
tolearn from America in the matter of
yacht building.
The Daily Telegraph expresses the gen
eral feeling, when, paying a , tribute to
the fairness with which the contests were
conducted, it- says: '
"It is "an entirely honorable chapter
'added to the history of the America's
cup." *
. GLASGOW, Sept. 3.— The announcement
•W ONDON. Sept. 4.— The final de-
B ' " feat oi SI T Thomas Lipton's
flf cup challenger, Shamrock III,
a .was received in London with
.nl *0 absolute listlessness. Most of
1% will be-remembered that, about that
time her, brother, , the , Archduke Ferdi
nand, thrashed the Crown Prince. -Both
the Crown Prince and General von Treit
schke have been ' practically ousted from
their- commands. owing to the' indignation
felt in high military quarters 1 here be
cause the former" failed to fight . a .duel
with the Archduke. _ :
The Saxon court' of '. honor," presided
over, by -General* von Treitschke," decided
that it -was not necessary ' for. the Crown
Prince, to fight, a. "duel. : The .Litter- ac
quiesced in the decision and this oc
casioned such anger- and indignation- that
the positions of both, men. were made un
tenable. Their last appearance as army
officers will be ¦ during. .ttiaJ annual
maneuvers next week. ¦ : _;_ •".»''!
LONDON, Sept. 3.— A dispatch ., from
Berlin to the Daily Mall says the', forth
coming resignations of ; the" Crown Prince
of Saxony and General von Treitchke,
commanders, respectively,- of the Twelfth
and Nineteenth Army Corps, are said to
form a sensational seauel"- to the reeent
scandal, .in regard to * Crown Princess
Louise, who "eloped with Andre the
tQtor of her children. . ; . ',"..-
Special Dispatch to The Call. >
Failure to~ Fight
Duel Disgraces f\
Prince;
C, seriously. _•
In addition to these, - nineteen other
white persons and three negroes, resi
dents mainly of South Carolina towns,
were slightly hurt.
The wreck was caused by the collapse
of a trestle forty feet high, over Wishing
Creek. : '¦ ¦ - ' ¦ -¦¦'..'. ''¦ ¦¦' '-'. ' '-
Six Persons Are Crushed to Death
and Twenty-Five Injured,
One Fatally.
CHARLOTTE, N. C Sept. 3.— Six per
sons: were killed "and twenty-five injured,
one fatally, and two seriously, in a wreck
on the Southern Railway, near Yorkvlllc,
S. C, to-day. The dead: ,
ENGINEER BRISKMAN.
FREDERICK R. HINE.
POSTAL CLERK SMITH.
THREE. UNKNOWN NEGROES. .
The'. more: .seriously hurt are: Julius
Johnson, Rock Hill, S. C, probably fatal*
ly; W. L.; Slaughter,' Hickory Grove, S.
C, seriously;, T.C. Hicks, Lancaster, S.
COLLAPSE OF TRESTLE
CAUSES A TRAINWRECK
.. - "j would challenge to-mor
row if Z felt Z had a chance of win
ning", bnt who can design <* boat?
Z am prepared to fight again if Z
can get proper material in shape
of a boat. Mr. rife has done his
best." • - ¦ •
Sir Thomas May
Again Challenge
With New Yacht
jy T EW TOBX, Sept. 3.— Sir
Y Y Thomas Iiipton said to-night:
Result Pleases
Managing Owner
of the Reliance
m t ZW TOBX, Sept. 3.— C. Oliver
/ Y Zstlta said to-night: "How
that the last race Is sailed
and won, I will say that the Be
lla&e* Is the better boat.. Her
performance la the three races
¦he has won proves that conclu
sively. SCor* than that Z am sat
isfied Z cannot say."
The duel between the skippers began at
the sound of the preparatory gun and con
tinued through a series of- brilliant man
euvers, in which Captain Barr again
proved his splendid seamanship by out
generaling Captain .Wringe, until the
boats went across t*.e line. During the
fifteen minutes before the starting gun
Captain Barr held the British bpat un
der his lee and for most of . the - time
blanketed her. He never relinquished the
windward position, which the Reliance
BARB'S SUPERIOR, SKILL.
spectacular finish than the Reliance's to
day. After racing for more than an hour
at terrific speed through a blinding f og, _
the Reliance burst through the wall of
mist upon the vision of the spectators on
the fleet assembled at the finish line, and,.,
reeling under a great bellying balloon jib
topsail, with h«r lee rail awash, flew
across the finish line almost before the
spectators, could, determine for 4 certain
that it was she. Once more the Yankee
boat had added to the long string of
victories in contests for the "honored" old
silver trophy [ that carried with it~ the
blue ribbon of the sea.
- A fleet of less than thirty ¦ vessels went
down to the familiar- waters of the inter
national course to witness this fifth ef
fort of the Reliance to co\'er "the course
of thirty miles within the' time limit" It
had become a race of the American boat
against time instead of a contest of two
well-matched craft. When they reached
the lightship a gentle southeast wind of
five knots, that barely wrinkled the sur
face of the sea, gave but faint promise
that this was to be the final day, but a
shift of the wind to the south shortly
after noon revived the despairing hopes
of the yachtsmen, for it blew away the
misty hare which had been hanging over,
the course since the easterly storm of
last week. The regatta committee waited
until the last moment to send the boats
away at 1 o'clock, after* which hour, it
had been agreed, no race should- be
started. Signals were displayed to indi
cate a windward and leeward course of
thirty miles and back. -^
Shamrock HI Miles
Behind at the
Finish.
SAXON HEIR
ACCUSED OF
COWARDICE
LONDON, . Sept. 3.— A dispatclr to the
Dally Mail from Kobe, Japan, says three
Japanese have been arrested on suspicion
of ' plotting the . assassination of the
Premier of Japan, Viscount Katsura.
Japanese Are Accused of Conspiring
to Kill Viscount Katsura.'^
PLOT AGAINST A PREMIER.
JOHNNY BULL~"WeIl, Uncle, I Take My Mat Off to You."
Around Syosset there is only>orrow*ex-,
pressed forUhe Wellbrenner family. ;; Hen
ry Weilbrenner, known as-a hard-work
ing, silent.yfarmer, ; had many -friends and
Ihji^ universal ; opl»»}on .J;j ; *~tlm.t>hl» visit
wasT -simply the freak of- dlaeaaed. imag
ination. For -a month or more it : was
known that- he had delusions. He. imag
ined that certain men In the community
intended to attack him, for some un
known reason, and he bought a revolver
to defend himself. He never went Into the
fields without taking it with him, , his
brother s^id.
Before Weilbrenner drove to Oyster Bay
on Tuesday evening he stopped at Lang's
Hotel at Syosset and drank a glass of
gin, a glass of beer, aigjl bought three ci
gars. He talked with the proprietor,, who
said there" appeared to be absolutely
nothing unusual about the young man.
He drove from there to Sagamore Hill,
and secret service men thought yesterday
that before driving up the hill he . had
recopnoitered afoot. It was he who was
seen by Mrs. Seaman, the gardener's wife.
Then he took his horse and was stopped
by Connell, the man on guard.
OYSTER BAT, L. I., Sept.' 3 —President
Roosevelt laughs at the openly expressed
fears of his official houteHold while re
peatedly reassuring the livelier appre
hensions of . his family. His sentiments
concerning the visit of Henry 'Wellbren
ner are-<nhy of sympathy and pity for
the young fanner and his family. One
of his Inquiries to-day Is said .to have
been whether the malady which has sent
the young pan to the K ings Park' In
stitution Is curable.
The President has announced that the
incident will make no chanjro in the pro
gramme of his daily life. If he wants to
gro riding he will go; if he prefers a boat
ride with his sons he: will, take it, and
In all events he is confident that he can
take care of himself.
If . the*. President Is without fear the
Federal authorities as well as his own
family are not. One of the results was
seen last night and to-day when the
guards around the President's home were
doubled and an order '"was . B«nt out f or
four more-secret service men to joih'the
eight already on duty. This • delegation
will remain; w ith the President- until he
returns to Washington.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Scoffs at Danger; and Will
Not Change; His Daily
Movements.
Executive Expresses
Pity M MajQiac-
Assailant.
More Secret Service
Men for Oyster
Bay.
PRESIDENT'S
GUARDS ARE
REINFORCED
CUP DEFENDER DISTANCES
THE CHALLENGING YACHT IN
FINAL RACE OF THE SERIES
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
6A1S FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER V 4, 1903/
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 96.
The San Francisco Call.
Start. Finish. ¦.'•¦'¦... Elapsed Time.
RELIANCE .'. 1 :oi 156 5 -.30 :02 ,.'. 3 128 :o6
SHAMROCK 1 :o2:oo Did not finish .... .. .. .,. . ......WIDETVATER, Va., Sept. .3.— Professor
Langley's $70,000 airship was prepared to
be launched to-day. It was placed in
position on the houseboat at 11 o'clock
this morning.
C. M. Manley, Inventor of the motor en
gine, at half -past 1 o'clock, donned a
heavy life-preserver and mounted, the seat
in the airship. For the first time the air
ship was completely rigged. Every wing,
propeller and adjustment was in place
and the machine rea'dy to fly. Before
putting on the Hfe-preserver Manley
shook hands with his assistants and then
climbed into the airship car, dressed In a
pair of light trousers, , the life-preserver,
a coat and his stockinged feet. As he
took his position a rocket was fired, the
signal that all was ready, and those on
the tugs became alert.
"A1J ready in ten minutes," called Pro
fessor Manley to one of his assistants.
He then applied the power.
The propellers gave a spasmodic clutch
and stopped with a jerk. Repeatedly the
civil engineer endeavOTed to get hi3 mo
tor under control, without success.
After many failures the electric spark
Ignited the gasoline and the screws began
to go until they made COO revolutions a
minute. Then the propellers stopped. A
broken valve, up to that time unobserved,
had caused the trouble. No permanent
repairs could be made, and just before 6
o'clock Professor Langley returned to the
houseboat and called the event off.
Manley crawled down from his perch
and shook hands again, and everybody
admitted that he had* had a narrow es
cape.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Langley's Craft Disap
points Aeronaut and
Spectators.
AIRSHIP BALKS
AT SAILING TIME
;' ; WASHINGTON, Sept. 3.— The docu
"• "merits covering the American presenta
.• tjon .of. the Alaskan boundary case are
• ' comprised in three volumes, making a to
; Jal of about 1100 pages. In addition there
..are also the volumes of maps. The larg
•¦ es't oX the relumes of text contains the
/•original statement by the American Com
.. .nrissioners,- while one of the small vol-
Vmes presents the American counter case
inr. rejoinder to the British case and the
. •; other arguments of the American Com
v jnis*ianers. In the first volume trfe ques
" • lion at issue, namely— what is intended
"..'.to" be" the -point of commencement of the
• v :Uhe of demarcation between the United
•; States and Canada, what is the Portland
'; . channel,, what course the line should take
.', ¦ .t« the -entrance of that channel, to what
¦• .point or the tnlrty-slxlh parallel the line
"... should be drawn from the head of Pcrt
.r*. land _ canal, and other familiar questions
[ are discussed. There also is extensive
/ •/iisctJEsion of the extent of the strip of
; .' : :territory .along the coast on the main
-. land that Russia conveyed to the United
. ". States by the treaty of 1867. It appears
. •• from the document that Great Britain
..: concedes that the line begins at Cape
M.uzdn. •
:'; r The United .States contends that it was
•„ -the intention of the powers which signed
.". tbe treaty of 1S25 to confirm In full sov-
V .ereignty to Russia a continuous strip or
•.•; :iisie're along the continental shores of
. ;the. northwest coast of America, extend
• . Ing from Portland channel to the one hun
;. jdred and forty-first meridian of longitude
; •west of Greenwich, and that such strip
Voluminous Documents Are to Be
Presented to the Commission.
AMERICA'S SIDE OF CASE.
• " The commission decided to sit five days
a; week, commencing September 15, and
" ¦" excluding Saturdays and to be In session
' from 11 a. m. to 4 p. m.
; ' It hag been arranged that three of the
• counsel for each Government shall make
• '; arguments, the British opening and being
_. followed alternately by ' Americans and
" , British, the former securing the advan
tage of delivering the closing arguments.
' - The commission then removed the In
, : junction of secrecy on all documents hith
•.' tj-to exchanged, and the sitting was ad
. " Mourned.
¦ • Mr. Root and Senator Lodge left Lon
. don to-night for Lord Roberts' country
• home in Surrey.
•Senator I>odge will go to-morrow to
Paris, where be will Join his wife. He
"• vl!l remain there until September 14.
After a week's visit to Lord Alverstone.
i~ Mr.- Root will go to Ledyard Carter's
: . flare In Scotland. Senator Turner re
. mains in London.
-. . Messrs. Root and Lodge hope to sail for
• -feome October 2.
; - • The Commissioners came In a few mln
-wtes later and immediately began a pri
••vate' conference which resulted In the
.fcelertlon of the officers and at which they
.¦cKcfcanged credentials and took the oath
.required by the treaty.
»' ' A few minutes after 11 o'clock the Com
¦¦rriisp.i oners' took their seats. Senator Tur
• -ner on the extreme right, then Professor
• "-Sir -Louis Jettee. formerly of the Supe
• ' rior; Court of Quebec. Lieutenant Gover
• 'nbr-cf the province of Quebec and pro
¦ feisoT of civil law; Mr. Root, Lord Alver
ptone. Senator Lodge, A. B. Aylesworth.
.who; succeeded the late Justice Armour
<'f Canada on the commission: Mr. Fos
•. .'.if-r and Cli.iord Slfton. Canadian Minister
. .. of the Interior. The agents of the re
• ¦ ppccttve governments sat at desks on the
Extreme rl&ht and left of the commis
''. .sion-. while counsel and the stenographers
occupied desks facing the Commissioners.
:;.Lo.rd Alverstone, after formally an
¦'nnuncing that the commission was in see
•. fdon. stating that he had been selected
. .us president, an honor which he highly
.". appreciated, asked counsel when they de
¦ "sired to begin oral arguments. Sir Rob
••" Vrt E.; Fiftlay. the Attorney General, in
•; bjphelf of British counsel, suggested that
• at least two weeks would be required for
" preparation, to which Judge John M.
.; -Dickinson, representing the American
.. .counsel, assented, though he said the
, "American counsel would be ready in a
¦.week. Lord Alverstone asked when the
! oral, arguments would be finished, and
¦'•. Attorney General Finlay suggested Octo
; her li_ but his Lordship remarked that
he thought a Fhorter period was advis
. -able, end October 9 was fixed upon.
BRITISH WILL OPEN CASE.
EXCHANGE. CREDENTIALS.
• scmbUng 1 . the Commissioners met la their
"private conference room and selected
Reginald Tower of the British diplomatlo
sen-ice, formerly attache to the legation
a.t Washington and recently Minister to
Biam. to be secretary of the commission.
J. R_ -Carter, second secretary of the
United States embassy, and Mr. Pope, a
representative of the Canadian Govern
ment, were appointed assistant secreta
ries. Lord Chief Justice Alverstone was
chosen chairman of the com
mission. ¦
The conference room of the Foreign
Office, where the Commissioners met, Is
the <iioieest apartment in the British
public building. It is a magnificent salon
with KTOthJc ceiling and paneled walls, and
has been the scene of many notable gath
erings. At the end of the room a plat
form had been constructed and on it was
a Ions desk with a blue covering. Be
hind this desk were six comfortable
chairs, which were occupied by the Com
missioners, whoso International reputa
tions emphasized the importance of the
occasion. Elihu Root and Lord Alver
¦stone sat in the center. 6enarate tables
were provided for counsel. The Canadian
counsel were the first to arrive in the
chamber. They were followed by John
W.' Fester, former Secretary of State,
¦and his . assistants, who were accompa
nied by Embassador Choate.
LONDON, Sept. 3.— The Alaska
Boundary Commissioners held
their first meeting to-day in th«
conference room of the J\>relsn
Office. Prior to the formal as-
Lord Chief Justice Alverstone Is Chosen
Chairman and Reginald Tower of the
Diplomatic Service Is Made Secretary
ALASKAN BOUNDARY COMMISSIONERS
HOLD FIRST CONFERENCE IN LONDON
MACEDONIANS
AND TURKS IN
SEVERE FIGHT
Continued From Page 1, Column 6.
AMERICAN YACHT OUTPOINTS RIVAL
AT ALL STAGES AND FINISHES ALONE
THE SAN FKANOISCO . CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1903.
SOFIA, Sept. 3.— The Sultan has ordered
the Vail of Salonica to see that all the
troop trains are preceded by pilot en
gines. The Turkish railroad" officiate are
eald to have notified the Porte that the
roads .will not convey . soldiers , without
prepayment of the cost of their transpor
tation.
Guarding Against Dynamiters.
ATHENS. Sept.'. 3.— Premier Rail! has
requested the diplomatic representatives
here to urge' their Governments to insist
upon the Porte punishing Bakhtlar Pasfia,
the Governor otiKrushevo.i for the ex
cesses committed by the Turkish troops
on. the population of that city .when they
recaptured It 'from; the Insurgents.
AsksvPorte to Punish.
King States Britain's Attitude.
Sept. 3.— Before leavinc Vien-
na King Edward had a conference with
Premier Count GolqchowsKI on the Bal
kan situation. It is'semi-offlcially stated
that the King expressed his." disapproval
of the attitude of Bulgaria and declared
that Great Britain • adhered »to the Rus
sian-Austrian policy.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Sept. 3.— Official
reports say that the Turks, on occupying
Kllssura, Albania, killed 200 insurgents..
It Is also stated, that the Inhabitants of
the coast villages are , returning to their
homes. : • , •
TWO HUNDRED SLAIN.
Defenders, of Insurgent Village Suf
i f er Heavy Loss.
BUCHAREST. : Sept. 3.— M. Svetkoff,
agent here of the committee,
has been arrested, for extorting, by men
aces of death, subscriptions to the funds
of the revolutionists.' The police discov
ered receipts signed by Boris Sarafoff, the
revolutionary leader,; for sums aggregat
ing $5000. •.-.
The Roumanian Government ¦• has or
dered the frontier officials to register all
Bulgarians leaving Rbunfianla and to pre
vent their return to this country. •
Macedonian Agent Arrested in the
Roumanian. Capital.
CHARGED WITH EXTORTION.
It was reported that the Ottoman Bank
has refused further advances to the Gov
ernment for military purposes.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Sept. 3.-0wing
to the Porte's warning the Russian and
Austrian guardshlps lay off their re
spective embassies throughout last night
with steam up, while the British guard
ship Imogene, with the British, German
and Italian Embassadors on board,
steamed the whole evening up and down
the Bosphorus.
Embassadors Heed the Warning Sent
Out by the Porte.
REMAIN ON .WARSHIPS.
SA>? JOSE. Sept. ?..— Dsr Hoean. a section
hand, in building the double trark' between
San Francisco and San Jose, was run over
by a work train near Santa Clara this fore
noon and had his right arm cut ott.' besides
receiving other injuries. HU recovery 13
doubtful.
Strong exception also Is taken to the
contention that there was a reservation
on the part of the British Government
when .the United States volunteered to
create a port of entry at Dyea, The argu
ment asserts that whatever reservation
there was was made by a commissioner of
customs, and that he had no authority
In the premises.
the controversy, and in this connection
notice is taken of an assertion made by
the British Commissioners that the towns
of Dyea and Skagway owed their exist
ence to the migration to the Klondike.
They assert, on the contrary, that Dyea
was founded in 1SS5 and Skagway In 1888.
They contradict flatly a contention made
by the British Commissioners to the ef
fect "that Canada's claims to the terri
tory at the head of the Lj'nn canal was
at the time well known to the United
States Government."
"This," they eay, "is a gratuitous as
sertion. There is no proof to sustain it.
Canada never put forward any such claim
to the United States. The claim was as
made in 1898 by Great Britain before the
Great Joint High Commission. It is said
'that if the Canadian Government had
instructed British vessels to disregard
these regulations there would have been
grave danger of a serious collision.' There
undoubtedly would have been a collision
just as certainly as if they had been in- j
structed to. disregard the regulations of
the port of New York."
The argument In the case. Is a careful
study of maps, treaties and other docu
ments bearing upon the boundary con
tention, and it is intended to drive home
the facts presented In the statements to
which reference has been made. Con-
Eiderable space is devoted to . the part
played by the Klondike gold discoveries
In arousing Great Britain's Interest in
Discussing the boundaries proposed by
Great Britain, the claim makes refer
ences to the instability of the Canadian
contention on this point and concludes
that "the United States has from the time
of the cession of Alaska to the present
day maintained but one interpretation of
the treaty of 1825. Its position has been
open and known to the world. -It Is the
same which was presented to the tribunal
In ita case and which it now reiterates
in this counter case."
was to be ten marine leagues measured
from the heads of all gulfs and other
arms of the sea, unless th/ere was within
that distance a range of mountains. The
contention is further made that there is
no such mountain range. It also is urged
that the United States has occupied this
strip of territory ever since its acquisi
tion from Russia, and that Russia had
controlled it since the treaty of 1S2S until
ceded to the United States in 1SC7.
In its counter-statement the American
commission makes rejoinder to points
covered in the presentation of the British
Bide of the case, which It appears con
tains twenty or more documents which
heretofore have not been given to the
public.
The additional ovidenc-e referred to
bears upon the negotiations which took
place between Great BrHain and Russia
during the years from 1823 to 1S25 and It
is contended that this new evidence in no
way alters any material contention made
in the original allegation, but that on the
contrary "It confirms and strengthens the
position of the United States."
Those documents consist largely of
"statements made and letters written by
Mr. Pelly, who was at that time Deputy
Governor of the Hudson Bay Company, and
it is contended that his letters fully sus
tain the assertion that, in fixing a line of
demarcation the British Government act
ed solely in the interests of that com
pany. , t
The Commissioners discuss at some
length the claim made . by their oppo
nents that many protests have been filed
by British officials against the American
claims in reference to the boundary line.
They admit that from time to time there
have been informal representations, but
these they assert were in the main with
out sufficient data to Justify serious con
sideration. Indeed, they say, that never
until after the Klondike gold discoveries
were made in 1896 did the British Govern
ment take up the question seriously.
They admit that in 1S9S attention was
called to/ the claim of the British Govern
ment t T fat the ten-league strip extended
only frfm the main waters of the ocean,
but they say that this contention was not
made absolutely clear until the British
case was delivered to the present tribunal
on May 2 last.
In support <3f the American contention
that the strip should measure from tide
water and from the heads of bays and in
lets a number of depositions are pro
duced in connection with the counter
case going to show the occupation of this
strip by settlers from the United States
since 1880. Especial effort is directed
toward showing the control of the country
about the head of Lynn canal. Including
the sites of the towns of Dyea, Skagway,
White Pass and Lake Bennett.
It also is stated that numerous docu
ments have^ been preserved which had
been Eiven to Indian chiefs and others
by officials of the United States showing
the presence in the Lynn canal inlets of
naval and other authorities of the United
States annually for twenty years after
the United States acquired the territory.
It Is contended that this occupation and
control were known to the Canadian Gov
ernment and its people.
ROME, Sept. 3.— A congress of students
which was held to-day at Udlne. ttf«rth«»
Austrian frontier, was the occasion for
another anti-Austrian demonstration, due
to the presence of students from those
Italian provinces still under Austrian
rule. Bands played patriotic airs and the
hymn of Trieste, while the flags of the
four Italian provinces not yet united to
Italy were carried at half-mast as a sign
of- mourning and waved among Intense
enthusiasm and patriotic cries.
The Mayor of Udlne delivered a speech
in which he said that the demonstration
was a pledge of brotherly solidarity
among the free and unfreed Italian re
gions. At a certain point In the proceed
ings two or three supposed Austrian spies
were discovered and a tumult ensued. The
alleged spies were seized and threats were
made to burn them alive. The police res
cued them from the mob after they had
been severely mauled. '•;. ¦".- '
Flags of Provinces Not United to
Italy Are Carried at
Half-Mast.
STUDENT DEMONSTRATION"
AGAINST AUSTRIAN RULE
Sir Thomas and Iselin exchanged visits
to-night and Sir Thomas extended con
gratulations.
Of course. I am proud of the result. A
splendid boat, a splendid crew and captain!
All helped to the result. Sir Thomas made a
iiravc fight and deserved better luck, but every
American should be glad the cup is to stay
here.
The Reliance is a beautiful boat; had all
kinds of weather and won in It. Our adversa
ries did the best they could with tho ma
terial at their command.
C. Oliver Iselin was all smiles as he re
plied to an inquiry as to the result:
My crew is to return to England on Tues
day next, and I really ought to go back by
ihat time myself. I will post out my en
gagements in a day or two and then determine
Just what I ahall do. I shall attend a dinner
In New York to-morrow night, and hava half
promUed to be Mr. WoodrufTs guest In
Brooklyn and go to the Xew York State Fair,
but that la not absolutely certain. It Is possi
ble I may have to start for home next week.
Asked what he would do with the three
Shamrocks, he said:
I am to meet some people to-morrow who
desire to buy at least one of the boats. After
I have seen them I will determine what to
do.
Regarding the defeat of the Shamrock
III, he simply said:
I don't cara to discuss It any mor». The
American boat was the better— that Is all.
Designer Fife refused to talk. Captain
Wrlnge, while agreeable, still would not
talk, any further than to say:
We did the best w« could, but the 'other
boat was the better.
Captain Barr of the Reliance said after
the race:
Operations commenced last Thursday
on an organized scale against the insur
gents, and bodies of troops are operating
in all directions, .but no details have yet
arrived.
LONDON, Sept. 4.— The Daily Mail's
correspondent, in a dispatch from Monas
tir, dated August 31, tells, of an in
effectual'attempt he made to penetrate
the Albanian carbon and reach Armenskp.
He "was thrt?atercd with death and •com
pelled to return under a guard.. He gives
numerous instances of- Tnrkish brutality
and treachery. : . ...
The villagers of Armensko were mas
sacred before a single insurgent visited
the place. The Inhabitants of the village
of Nevolkas, near Fiorina, were butch
ered, while on their way to Fiorina, un
der guard, after having surrendered on a
guarantee of immunity. #
At Fiorina, continues the correspon
dent, the Christians are in a state of ab
ject fear and are handicapped by a big
oted Greek Metropolitan, who orders
them to stay iiOthe village and not to
flee, with the result that the savage sol
diers murder them by the scores. The
European residents of Monastir, includ
ing the Consuls, are in a state of great
anxiety, Many, including the Italian
Consul, have recently been insulted by
soldiers.
Turks Butcher Villagers After Guar
anteeing Immunity.
WANTON TAKING OF LIFE.
The Porte's note of warning to the em
bassies and legations, Informing them
that, according to police Information, the
Bulgarian agitators were projecting out
rages against the embassies, legations
and public buildings in Constantinople,
saying the Ottoman Government had tak
en precautions and requesting the heads
of foreign missions to do likewise, was
issued in consequence of the receipt at
the Russian embassy of an anonymous
letter threatening outrages at the .winter
residence of "the Russian Embassador and
Consul General.
The Sultan personally assured Mon
signor Ormanlan, the Armenian patriarch,
that his words applied to the Armenians
as 'well as to the people of other nation
alities.
Next, addressing the Greek patriarch,
the Sultan said he regretted that the
Greek population also had suffered from
the recent troubles and declared he would
be pleased to contribute to the subscrip
tions being raised in the patriarchate on
behalf of the sufferers. The Sultan fur
ther remarked that he was very sorry
that some of the soldiers had been guilty
of acts contrary to his orders and de
sires.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Sept. 3.— On the
.anniversary of his accession, Tuesday, tho
Sultan received in audience at the pal
ace the heads of. the religious communi
ties, and the ecumenical patriarchs made
speeches of congratulation. In reply
thereto, after thanking the patriarchs
and the others present for their good
wishes, the Sultan, contrary to precedent,
spoke at some length, as follows:
"All my desire is for the welfare of the
population, without distinction of race or
religion. As to the. detestable and regret
table deeds to which the patriarch allud
ed, I am convinced that the movement
does not proceed spontaneously from the
population, but is instigated from abroad.
I hope the measures taken will insure
tranquillity. I call God to witness the
sincerity of my declaration and that all
my aspirations and work arc for the wel
fare and prosperity of all my subjects."'
Turning then to the Bulgarian patri
arch, the Sultan bade him communicate
his works to his flock.
Professes a Sincere Desire to Restore
: Peace.
SUAVE WORDS OF SULTAN.
The sky was clear and the slanting rays
of the yellow western sun were paint-
Ing a beautiful marine picture, with the
two yachts as center figures, when at 4 20
o clock, with almost half the course yet
to be sailed, a thick bank of fog came
rolling in before a southeast wind, and
enveloped the Shamrock in a gray mist
that shut her out of sight of the fleet
The Reliance ran along for five min
utes longer with the sun glinting upon
her sails until the fog bank reached her
and she, too, disappeared from sight. As
it caught her she felt also a heavier wind
from the southeast, smothering her spin
naker and leaning to the wind through
the mist. The two racers sailed in that
dangerous fashion" at top speed for an
hour.
Meantime, the Navigator; carrying the
FOG ENVELOPS RACERS.
Heeling to a freshening wind and jumpl
ing into a rising sea, which at times
threw their long bows high out of the
water, to come down with a splash that
sent miniature clouds of foam flying from
under their powerful shoulders, the boats
were making a pretty spectacle of it.
They were gaining in speed with, every
mile, and the Shamrock III was a long
mile astern when the Reliance whirled
about the mark and towering stretches
of canvas broke and bellied out from her
spinnaker pole and over her lee bow
The homeward stretch had begun The
boats were timed at the turn as follows:
Reliance o., n .,.
Shamrock rV.V.V.V.V." 3S1 -41
The Reliance had gained eleven min
utes and three seconds in the thresh to
windward, and, barring accidents the vis
tory. was. hers. ? < ¦
As the boats started to turn- homeward
under spinnakers and balloon jib top
sails a split about three feet long ap
peared in the foot of the Reliance's spin
naker, but as it.drpw.well Captain Ban
continued to carry it. . For three-quarters
of an hour the only variation was a slow
gain by the leading boat.
After an hour's turn offshore they
sailed toward Long Branch for a half
hour. Captain Barr attempted, to make a
hitch offshore, but the Shamrock would
not follow, and he took the Reliance
around again to keep her company'. Mean
while the Reliance had steadily gained,
and when at 3:10 o'clock both. boats head
ed off to the, mark, six miles away, the
Reliance was a good mile ahead and
gaining. I
For more than an hour they sailed on
that tack down past the shore of Sandy
Hook and the highlands of Navesink to
Seabright, and during all that time the
Reliance steadily worked up to windward
of the beaten challenger, outpointing and
outfootlng her at the same time, and
passed to windward of her. When they
tacked off Seabright, heading i seaward,
the American boat had gained a quarter
of a mile straight .to , windward of the
British craft. On this new. tack Captain
Wrlnge again gave his boat a good full,
and she cut through the. Reliance's gain
at an alarming gait, but all to no pur
pose. Pinched into the wind or with a
rapful, the Shamrock was hopelessly out
classed. ' .
They went off at a swift '¦' pace In a
freshening - breeze. Captain Wringe at
tempted to outsail the defender by giv
ing his boat a good -full and letting her
romp away at a fast clip, while Captain
Barr pinched the Reliance close to the
wind and cleverly nursed her toward the
turning mark. The Shamrock - at first
footed faster, but the Reliance more than
made it good by outpointing her.
AMERICAN YACHT GAINS. .
Both were heading seaward, but as the
Reliance from the lee bow of the Sham
rock was backwinding her headsails the
Shamrock III promptly whirled ; about
and headed down the Jersey coast. The
Reliance held on for a minute and then
followed. The maneuver placed the Reli
ance to windward, but .astern of the chal
lenger. .
held when the preparatory gun was fired.
Ten minutes later, -when both boats were
heading from the line, the Shamrock
luffed and forced the Reliance about,
whereupon both headed for the line. On
the way to It the Reliance held the chal
lenger under her lee, partially blanketed.
Alternately luffing and keeping- away.
Captain i Barr prevented the Shamrock
getting away from him and across the
line, but two minutes after the starting
gun and at the sound of tha gun indicat
ing the expiration of the handicap, Cap
tain Wrlnge luffed the Shamrock across
the stern of the Reliance "and the two
boats went across the Una together. The
official starting time was:
Reliance :...¦ •....;.•..¦.:.¦..¦..•.¦. 1:01:56
Shamrock 1:02:00
The Shamrock- actually crossed the line
at 1:02:03 and suffered a handicap of three
seconds. - ¦
"The dawn of liberty peeps already
above the Macedonian horizon and awaits
this stroke to shine with its full brilliancy
on the . Macedonian land. Prepare your
selves, then, for this stroke. Be at your
posts. The hour for the 'battle- strikes.
The cry of liberty or death will break
the chains of slavery and bring the tri
umph of Justice."
The proclamation Is signed: "From the
Supreme Central Government."
less before your heroism. The forces of
tyranny are exhausted, j New days have
come. One more heroic stroke and the
centuries of tyranny will fall to the
ground in convulsions of death.
other. The Reliance tugr searched the fleet
for the racer and then towed her through
it with yachting ensigns flying from her
mast and sprea4ers, while similar flags
appeared at various points on the spars
and rigging of the Corsair and the whis
tles of the fleet again saluted the defen
der.
SHAMROCK GOES ASTRAY.
Meantime the regatta committee's tug
whistled shrilly its guiding signals to the
missing Shamrock. The Reliance had
crossed the line at 5:30:02, and It was after
6 o'clock when the fog lifted a bit and
disclosed the challenger hove-to, north of
the line. Captain Wrlnge had missed It
In the tog and passed by to the east of
it. The Shamrock did not attempt to cross
the line, but after a feeble salute from
the fleet was taken in tow to the Hook.
The fleet started for home and the series
of races in defense of the America's cup
for 1903 was ended and American genius,
brain and seamanship were once more
triumphant. "-.*„¦
CHEERFUL IN DEFEAT
Sir Thomas Praises the Generosity
of Americans.
HIGHLANDS OF NAVESKSK. X. J..
Sept. 3.— When the Erin had discharged her
passengers to-night and the echo of their
cheers had died away Sir Thomas Llpton
said:
Two weeks tk*o I was hopeful: laat week I
knew I was doomed to defeat, and was disap
pointed but to-day I am almost glad In my
own defeat since. America has been such a
thoroughly generous victor. I want to thank
the American people for their generosity to
me la my defeat.
Asked what his plans were, Sir Thomas
said:
Continued From Page 1, Column 2.
CHAIRMAN OF THE ALASKAN- BOUNDARY COMMISSION, WHICH
MET AND ORGANIZED IN LONDON YESTERDAY, AND THE REP
RESENTATIVE OF AMERICA AT THE COURT OF ST. JAMES.
BERL.IN, Sept. 3.— In an address deliv
ered at Merzberg, Prussia, Emperor Wil
liam, speaking of Wittenberg (Martin
Luther burned the papal bull in Witten
berg and was buried in the church there>.
said in that city the greatest German ren
dered the greatest act of liberation for
the whole world and the strokes of his
awakening hammer sounded over the
German land.
regatta committee, hunted for the light
ship to establish the finish line. It was
5:20 o'clock before she found it, and the
fleet began to gather about her. All was
a wall of fog.
Ten minutes the secretary waited. Then
the Reliance, heeling before the wind, her
sails bellying hard and her lee rails
dragging up the spindrift, burst through
the fog upon the vision of the expectant
watchers on the little excursion fleet.
Hardly had they recognized the familiar
features of* the American craft when,
with her great balloon jib. topsail flutter
ing into the arms of the nimble members
of her crew out on her bowsprit, she fled
across the line down through a lane of
yachts to victory. The whistles of every
craft in the fleet opened wide in recogni
tion of her achievement. The delighted
yachtsmen danced about the deck of J. P.
Morgan's big black steam yacht Corsair
and hilariously congratulated one an-
Pays Tribute to Martin Luther.
From letters written by Mrs. Meiner it
appears that she was madly infatuated
with the husband of the woman she mur
dered and that he spurned her advances.
Those who know her say she is crazy.
DENVER, Sept. 3.-Mrs. Theodore
Kruse. wife of a bookbinder, vras shot
and killed to-day at her home, 950 West
Seventh avenue, by Mrs. Kate Meiner.
The murderess \f as arrested. She declined
to make any statement. The cause of
the shooting is supposed to be jealousy.
Mrs. Kruse was attending her eight
months-old baby when called to the door
by Mrs. Meiner, who immediately fired
through the wire netting.
Madly Infatuated Denver Woman
Calls Neighbor to Door of Her
Home' and Shoots Her.
KILLS WIFE OF MAN
WHO SPURNED HER LOVE
2
,: .... ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦ .-. ' ¦ \^- ¦ «~i ¦—> '
Chas. Keilus & Co.
[Exclusive
: 1:1 jgh-Qrade Clothiers
, No Branch Stores. No Agrenle.
"Clothes Progression
Noticed It Recently
.. The Improvements
. Our Fall Smart Styles
Stand Pre-eminent
Why? Because We Have
. Men's Clothes Exclusive
tKe arny Street
Thurlow Block
ADVEBTISE2HENTS.
A Weighty Question
to Drinking Men
Will the voluntary testimony of thou-
sands of Slaves of Whisky whom Dr.
McKannalias permanently cured of the
Liquor Habit carry any weight with you?
These letters are on f Oe at the McKanna
sanitarium for your inspection.
Do not expose yourself to the dangers
of alleged "cures" which are worthless
and perilous. The McKanna treatment
cures to stay cured. Administered only
by its discoverer: $
DR. J. J. McKANNA
1ll r mI?l 14 Geary St., S. F.
J PERFECT ACCOMMODATIONS FOR WOMEN PATIENTS I ...
WITH COMPETENT FEMALE ATTENDANTS. ....
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The selfsame quality which" en- 1
deared Blatz beer to lovers of. I
the beverage fifty years ago has
been maintained to this day.
While the facilities have been
vastly improved Blatz prin-
ciples have been steadily . ad-
hered to. It's the beverage for
all — and a most logical one for
hot days.
VAL. BLATZ BREWINC CO. , MILWAUKEE
Braunschweiger & Co., me.
5 and 7 DRUMM ST., San Francisco,
Tel. Main 1640. Wholesale Dealers.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
FEESH AND SALT HEATS.
'US R'AYFC ; £ C(i~ Shipping Butchers, 104
4 A3. DUIC3 tt \AJ, Clay. Tel. Main 1291.
~ OXX.S. ' ~~
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD A ELLIS.
. - 418 Front St., S. F. Phone Main 1719.
FBIHTINCK •. ¦ -
E. C* HUGHES| Ml Sansome St.. S. F tThe Eleventh National Irrigation Con
gress will be in session in Ogden from
September J5 \o 21. There will be four
silver loving cups awarded— one by Sen
ator Clark., weighing 270 ounces, for the
best fresh fruits; one by President Have
meyer for the best sugar beet exhibit
one by the Pabst Brewery for barley and'
the fourth by Anheuser-Busch for the
best exhibit of hops. In order to give
people of -this State further encourage
ment to send their products the Southern
Pacific Railroad and Wells, Fargo & Go
offer to carry exhibits free of charge. '
Offer Valuable, Prizes.
OMAHA. Neb., Sept. 3. — Jud^e Mungtr,
in the Federal Court, to-day granted a
restraining order on the application of
counsel representing the Pacific Express
Company to prevent City Treasurer Hen
nings and the city of Omaha proceeding
any further toward collecting the tax
levied a year ago.. The action <s baaed
on the procedure of the Board of Review
and the City Council sitting as a Board
of Equalization in raising' the
of the Pacific Express Company from
$15,527 to $115,500 and then to $5,000,000. It
is alleged that the City Treasurer Is about
to proceed to collect the tax by distraint
City Treasurer Is Enjoined.
A petition for letters of . guardianship
filed by, his wife shows that he Is pos
sessed of about $12,000 worth of property
in Grand. Junction, Colo., and an almost
equal amount at Joliet, 111.
Cowell' was., plainly insane In court, in
sisted on smoking and singing between
puffs. Once when Bailiff Manning at
tempted to make him take a seat Dr.
Cowell came at him open handed and the
bailiff got the worst of it, because the
insane man could not be hurt and could
not be quieted without using a great deal
of force. In the courtroom he abused
every from the Judge down and was not
at all choice in his language or gentle in
his invective. : He was ordered committed
to the asylum at Highlands and will be
taken there in the morning.
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 3.— Dr. George
Cowell of Grand Junction, Colo., was to
day adjudged Insane by the Superior
Court on the evidence and conclusions of
Drs. Butler, Gregg and Valle, the examin
ing physicians. ¦
to an Asylum by a San
Diego Judge.
Dr. George Cowell of Colorado Sent
INSANE MEDICAL MAN
MAKES TUMULT IN COURT
Boy Takes "Watch and Coin.
• SAN JOSE. Sept. S.— Patrick Delehanty.
aped about 19, who says his home Is in
¦San Francisco, stole a coat, a. gold watch
and chain and $43 in coin from the office
pf ' Campigial & Spinelli to-night He
had been given permission to go to the
fear to wash. He was arrested with the
stolen' property while about to board a
train for San Francisco.
NEW YORK, Sept 3.— The Fraternal
Order of Eagles to-day heard reports of
the worthy secretary and treasurer and
that of the trustees, but deferred action
on matters suggested In the reports until
to-morrow afternoon. The afternoon ses
sion was taken up with the report of the
credentials committee. No other business
was transacted.
A dinner was given at the Waldorf-As
toria to-night Senator Thomas F. Grady
acted as toastmaster, and among the
speakers -were Grand Worthy President
Del Carey Smith and Earl Rodgers -of
Los Angeles,
There are three candidates for president
—Congressman Timothy D. Sullivan of
Nevr York, Judge Henry Davis of Cleve
land and J. T. Pelletier of Kansas City.
The election will take place to-morrow.
The next convention will be held either
in St Louis or Baltimore.
Next Convention of the Order Will
Be Held Either in St. Louis
or Baltimore.
FRATERNAL EAGLES MEET
AT THE BANQUET TABLE
Mrs. Victor Cauhape has charge of the
Mayas, a Mexican tribe, which sells all
kinds of jellies and sweets. Mrs. W. B.
Hill assists her and the others of the
tribe are as follows: Mrs. J. H. Campbell,
Mrs. R. Lassere. Miss Bertha Cauhape.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 3.-Nlne tribes of
Indians, with warwhoop, dance
and song, opened the big three
day powwow for the benefit of the
clubhouse fund of the San Jose
Women's Club this evening. Over 200
aborigines are impersonated by society
women. This village of Indians is located
in a large vacant lot at the corner of
First and St. James streets. The place
was thronged with polite society to-night
and the village did a rushing business..
About the inelosure are erected the wig
wams and wickiups of the various tribes.
The Hoopa Indians, a. California tribe, are
in charge of Mrs. Dr. F. H. Bangs,
assisted by Mrs. W. C. Kennedy. The
tribe has a large camp of tules and also
a sweathouse dug out in the ground and
covered with bark. In the tent a tribe of
boys give war dances, songs, etc., while
in the sweathouse cockles are sold and a
fortune teller holds forth. A totem pole,
grizzly bear and other attractions are ex
hibited. In the tribe are Mrs. W. J.
Kirkpatrlck, Mr6. Grace Avery, the
Misses Latta.. the Misses Stahl, Miss
Norse and Miss Mossie Hunklns and
Messrs. W. H. L. Geldert, Georges, Avery,
Barker, Fred Machefert and Francis
Smith. Little Freddy Pfau is In charge of
the provision cache.
The Aleuts have a camp of skins and
exhibit all the wonders of the Alaskan
tribe from the totem pole to dried fish.
Mrs. Dr. A. E. Osborne Is in charge, with
Mrs. Clara Kuhl as assistant. The tribe
is made up of members of the San Jose
Woman's Club and the Shakespeare Club
of Santa Clara. These are Mmes. Paul
Shoup, Hugh Center, Offiel W. Wadams,
C. C. Morse, R. L. Hlggins, Flora Rankin,
Julia Lauck, Amanda Hamill, Dr. Gallup
and Mary Southworth.
LADIES RULE TRIBES.
A tribe of about sixty warriors, prin
cesses and braves supported the leaders.
War dances, songs and games were skill
fully rendered. Miss Amanda Corcoran
of San Francisco was accompanist. Miss
Esther Macomber is stage directress.
To-morrow night the Sioux will pro
duce "Hiawatha" on the stage and Fri
day night the Nez Perces will give the en
tertainment. Mrs. Leonard Stocking is
at the head of the committee in' charge
of the powwow and Mrs. E. O. Smith is
vice chairman. It will be held three
nig-hts. with two matinees.
This evening's entertainment, furnished
by the Powhattan tribe, consisted of a
burlesque of "Pocahontas." Miss lone
MacLouth took the part of Pocahontas;
J. W. Dowdell, John Smith; John
Rolfe, Mr. McLaughlln, Powhattan, E. C.
Edgar; Mahogany, a colored servant, E.
Belloli; Macatahona, Miss Gertie
Marchres; Cleopatra, Mrs. Leo B. Archer;
Ottawamee, Miss Laura Nelson. .
SUCCESS OF POWHATTAN.
Everything imaginable is sold at the
powwow. The concessions are: Cake and
icecream, Mrs. W. Pieper and Mrs. V.
Koch; coffee and sandwiches, Dr. M. J.
Bearby and Mrs. J. L. Asay; candy booth,
Mrs. H. D. Matthews and Mrs. Dr. A.
E. Kelley.
Mrs. W. H. "Worrall and Mrs. Tom
James have charge of the tribe of
Pawnees' and sell all kinds ¦ of Indian
relics.
The Piute campoodle is presided over by
Miss Agnes Howe and Miss Hope Py
burn. The entire faculty of the Normal
School Is housed in this camp. • .
Mrs. W. L. Woodrow and Mrs. Mitchell
Phillips have .charge of the Sioux camp.
Firewater is dispensed by the Nez
Perces, whose camp is conducted by Mrs.
M. A. "Williams and Miss Williams. The
Wah-Wah Taysee drill team of the Red
Men assist In the entertainment,
A vaudeville show is conducted by the
Apaches. Mrs. E. J. Crawford is in
charge, with Mrs. C. H. Hervey as assist
ant.
Miss Irene Campbell, the Misses Gertrude
and Elsie Byron an.d Mrs. G. "W. Ruther
ford.
MARSH ALLTOWN Iowa. Sept. 3.— A man.
said to be F A. Maasoa. a singing: evangelist,
who is wanted In several < States on "charges
of obtaining money unlawfully^ ls'in Jail here:
Officers on Lookout tor Kid Curry.
BIG TIMBER, Mont... Sept. 2.— Sheriff
Potter of Carson County. Sheriff Fallong
of Valley County, a Plnkerton detective
named Gunters and a force of deputies
heavily armed and with their horses* In
a box car, boarded a west bound . frelgfit
here this morning. It Is whispered' that
Kid Curry Is in the hills near here 'and
that It was here that he. meant to hold
up the Northern Pacific express, which
went, through because It was * heavily
guarded. •. '.- '-..,
Manila Court Is Reorganized.
MANII A. Sept. 3.— The Court of Cus
toms Appeals has just been reorganized
with two Judges possessed of the neces
sary Qualifications on the bench. The
Chief Justice of the Supreme Court may
also be reouired to sit as in all courts
of iii.ii instance.
sessor J. M. Jameson of that county said
there had been an Increase In the county's
valuation In the last few years on account
of the oil Industry. Farming land has
suffered on account of lack of sufficient
water. In 1902 the county's assessment
was $19,866,294. This year It is $21,362,673.
COMPANY'S ULTIMATUM.
When President Fordorer of the City
Trustees asked Attorney Shea of the
Fouthprn Pacific what was the company's
answer to the Question whether it would
accept the franchises for twenty-five
J ears Mr. Shea, replied:
¦ The Southern Pacific •will not tak« the fran
chises tor any time less than the unexpireJ
¦terms of tho corporate existence of the roads,
..thfrty-three years for the old South Pacific
line, and forty-five years fcr the old Central
Pacific Iln*. Mr. Kruttschnitt wants no stip
ulation put in the franchises regarding the
riKinir* of freight trains through Alameda or
concerning freight rates. The company in
. tends to divert all freight on the South Pacific
'.Coast line Tram San I>orenzo to a point on
the Idles lin» near Fitchburg and then into
Oakland and across the Harrison-etreet bridge
t« the yards to be established at Alameda
• Point.
Here City Trustee Dr. Pond asked Shea.
"Al-.e you prepared to repeat before this
body the ultimatum you made us Mon-
Viay, that if we did not give the Southern
• Pacific a franchise on the south side road
•the- company will pull off its trains and
•discontinue the service?"
¦' :-;.¦:• a answered: "Unless we get these
" franchises on our own conditions we will
withdraw the applications and shut down
'the south eide line. That is the situation.
If you want to give us the franchise you
: can. Jf y«u do not the railroad company
. -docs not care two cents. I believe that
the people of this town are willing to
•>'!ve us the franchises for fifty years. Af
ter they were granted we would hear no
rnqre about the matter except from a few
•1'ark street kickers."
Afterw ard the City Trustees and the
I executive committee of the citizens' com
" mittee held a brief executive session, and
PresUent Forderer informed Shea that
" the City Trustees were opposed to grant
ing the franchises for more than twenty
. Bv« years. The attorney remarked:
"If. that is the result you may as well
• quit right here. I can tell you now that
¦ s-uch terms will not be accepted by us."
WILL HOLD CONFERENCE.
City Trustee Pond then moved that the
<"ity Trustees confer personally with
Manager Kruttschnitt, and the conference
• adjourned.
' -At a meeting of the Board of Trade
Held to-night and attended by thirty-five
•• people $1CO was raised to secure an at
torney to obtain an injunction prevent
¦ ing the City Trustees from granting the
Southern Pacific the local franchise for
a' long term of years and without com
pensation. Speakers at the meeting were
• lLenry Rosenthal. T. K. Kase. Green Ma
. jors. Halavor Hauch_ F. W. Vogt and
: T.- iC- Houck.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 3^-Reprcscnting the
Southern Pacific Company, Attorney-
Frank Shea to-night demanded of the
City Trustees that if the franchises were
to be granted his corporation to operate
the two local roads the privileges be given
;vn tho "north side lino for forty-five years
and on the south side system for thirty
three years, the lrr.gth of the unexpired
terms of the corporate existence of the
respective roads. Shea's demand was re
fused by the City Trustees, the majority
bclif.ving that twenty-five years should
be the life limit of the franchises. To
irtbrrow afternoon at 3 o'clock the mu
nicipal legislators will hold a conference
In San Francisco with General Manager
Julius Kruttschnitt of the Southern Pa
cific and endeavor to settle the franchise
matter on a 25-yc-ar basis.
. Participating in the conference to-night
were City Trustees J. F. Forderer, Dr. H.
M. Pond. W. M. Bowers, C. T. Ham
mond and B. E. Combs, City Attorney M.
\Yi Simpson, City Clerk J. W. Gillogly
snd the following members of the ex
ecutive committee of the citizens* ad
visory committee of fifty: C. L. Tilden
Frank Otis, T. G. Danlells and Joseph
¦Knowland.
Northern Pacific officials hero refuse to
discuss the situation. The special .fan
through the city and waited for the ex
press in the yard. It is said that ""Kid"
Curry is abroad in Montana with another
gang, and that the railway officials' will
adopt extraordinary precautions until- no
Is In custody again. ¦ • ' '¦ „;
MTSSOULA, Mont.. Sept 3.-A special •
train loaded with Plnkerton detectives ;
and railroad detectives preceded Nq. 1. •
the North Coast limited, over the North
ern Pacific tracks from Livingston- to
Mlssoula last night and went ahead to . ¦
Spokane. The special was literally a
traveling army, as In a box car' at. the .
rear were forty horses, bridled and-sad-
died, and a Gatlfng gun. v>. •-.".-
The Northern Pacific officials had a tip ;
that the train, the crack express of the,
road, was to have been held up last night '
somewhere between here and Livingston. .
Believing it best to take no chances, ' the'
detectives assembled somewhere east of
Livingston by scores. Evesy man had a."
rifle and revolver and the windows of -the
special were barricaded. This train 'ran
a mile ahead of the North Coast all the •
way and saw It safely to Spokane.- .
The plot unearthed by the Great North
ern officials to hold up an express ne'ax '
Malta has set the railway men In Mon-'
tana on their mettle all along the line. ••
Tho North Coast is said to have carried
an unusually heavy load of valuables oh *•
this trip.
DENVER, Sept. 3.— Governor Peabody
has received telegrams from Hie Mayor
of Victor and others demanding that
troops be sent to the Cripple Creek dis
trict for the protection of Ilf.» and prop
erty. Governor Peabody decided not to
call out the militia until he receive? a
report from General Chase, Attorney Gen
eral Miller and Lieutenant McClelland,
whom' he sent to Cripple Cre;k to look
over' the situation.
Mayor of Victor Fears Trouble in the
Cripple Creek District.
MAKES DEMAND FOR TROOPS.
Mooney has, it is said, worked at cross
purposes with President Mitchell ever
since before the Pittsburg, Kans., con
ference two months ago, when Mitchell
went so far as to tell Mooney to sit
down and keep still. In any event, the
situation in the TCovinger district prom
ises to supply an interesting fight. Now
that the' miners there have violated the
agreement reached by President Mitchell
and the miners at Chicago recently, the
operators say. they will make no effort to
conciliate the strikers. The operators,
furthermore, have told the national board'
of the United Mine Workers that they
expect the board to control its own men
and that if they fall to do so they will be
unable to deal with the officers of the
national organization at the Kansas City
conference .next week, when, it was
hoped, all differences would be wiped out.
Thus the situation has developed Into
a question of authority. If the men still
refuse to work after Vice President Lewis
of Bridgeport, ¦ Ohio, who has been sent
into the field by President Mitchell, talks
with the strikers, the next move. It is
said, "may be the suspension of Mooney
and the local unions Involved.
KANSAS CITY, Sept. 3.— James Mooney,
the district leader, who is regarded as
responsible for the Novinger coal strike,
Is asserted to be holding. out against John
Mitchell to further his alleged aspirations
for the presidency of the United Mine
Workers of America.
HONOL.UL.U, Sept 3.— The Federal au
thorities have been working for many
months to break up the trade In Japanese
women, who are brought here practically
as slaves. For some time past the of
ficers have been endeavoring to learn the
secret of the remarkable operations of
the men engaged In this traffic and have
just been rewarded by the discovery of
an organization of extraordinary scope
which has existed among resort proprie
tors in these Islands for a long time. The
organization la a secret one, regularly or
ganized, with a president and an execu
tive board and with a set of by-laws.
The Federal officers by careful watch
ing managed to locate the headquarters of
the society and seized among other things
a complete set of books, showing the
status of the association In all Its phases.
Among the books is a membership roll,
with a complete list of the members of
the society. Another book, and probably
the most important of those seized, shows
that the society has a fund of large pro
portions devoted to the defense of mem
bers arrested for conducting the Illicit
trade and giving in some detail the re
ceipts and expenditures of the society.
The officials are highly pleased with the
discovery and with the aid of the books
expect to bring many of the guilty mem
bers of the society Into court and to even
tually break up the business of the asso
ciation.
During the hearing of Kern County be
fore the State Board of Equalization, As-
M. T. Brjttan, DJstrlct Attorney of Yuba
County, appeared' as the representative
of the county, in the absence of Its Asses
sor. According to the Auditor's figures,
the county's valuation Is fixed for this
year at $5,391,030. Last year the assessed
valuation was $5,091,575.
County Assessor T. H. Berkey, Deputy
Assessor E. J. Kay and Supervisor Ed
Melster appeared on behalf of Sacramento
County. According to the figures sub
mitted by County Auditor R. T. Cohn, the
assessed valuation of the county In 1902
was as follows: Real estate, $10,622,330;
town lots, $8,398,170; improvements on real
estate, $1,633,740; improvements on town
lots, $7,594,380; unknown owners, $33,450;
personal property, $4,642,140; money, etc.,
$524,740. Total. $33,448,950. This year's valu
ation was fixed at $34,650,120.
Assessor Berkey said there had been no
booms In Sacramento County. In the last
ten years the Legislature has released
from taxation all the reclamation dis
tricts, churches and municipal bonds.
There are more diversified interests in
Sacramento County at the present time
than there were some. years ago. Grain
land is assessed from $12 50 to $50 an acre;
fruit land, $40 to $225; fruit trees, $15 to
$75 per acre, according to the charge of
the trees; vine land Is assessed at from
$15 to $40 an acre; hop land from $40 to
$200 an acre; orange land, $50, and the
trees at $50 an acre. The highest assess
ment on city property was about $400 a
front foot.
A. E. Morton, Assessor, and other offi
cials represented Butte County. The total
assessed valuation of the county In 1902
was $13,055,117^ The valuation for 1903 was
fixed at $13,595,845.
SACRAMENTO, Sept 3.— Assessor C. B.
McQuald and other officials of Slitter
County were examined by the State Board
of Equalization this morning. Mr.
McQuald said that land values In his
county have greatly decreased, the prin
cipal cause being, he said, the evil re
sults of hydraulic mining. The assessed
valuation of Sutter County In 1902 was
$5,867,020. This year it Is $6,020,189. The
population of Sutter County In 1890 wa»
5469; In 1900 it was 6S88.
Local' Leader Seeks to Oust
Him From National
Presidency.
Alameda Trustees to Hold
Conference With Mana
ger Kruttschnitt.
Make Raid in Honolulu and
Seize Set of Incriminat
ing Books.
Sacramento Officials Declare
There Have Been No
Abandon Design to Hold Up .
Express Loaded Down • .
With Valuables.
Equalizers Hear State
amenta From Several
Counties.
Southern Pacific Insists
on Full Limit for
Franchises.
Missouri Strike Due to
Fight Against John
Mitchell.
Steer Clear of Special;
Carrying Force of
Detectives. " •"¦'• ;
Federal Officers Wage
War on Holders of
Slave Women.
RAILROAD FIRM
IN ITS DEMANDS
ASSESSORS TELL
OF VALUATIONS
TRAIN ROBBERS
ON THEIR GUARD
UNIONS MUTINY
AGAINST CHIEF
ILLICIT TRADE
TO BE STOPPED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAMi, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER ' 4, 1903.
Novel Three-Day Pow-Wow of Nine Tribes
for the Benefit of the Headquarters Fund
of the San Jose Woman's Glub Begins
SOCIETY FOLK IN INDIAN GARB
ENLIVEN A GARDEN CITY NIGHT
SOCIETY WOMEN OP SAN JOSE WHO ARE TAKING AN ACTIVE
PART IN THRILLING INDIAN POWWOWS HELD FOR THE BEN
EFIT OF A CLUBHOUSE FUND.
3
The "Tourist" for $!0 JJllb S
Profiting by last year's experience Fashion has again selected: - r •' ••
a very sensible overcoat for the Falland Winter season. \J2?*3 • '
The style is a long, broad-shoulder overcoat, that will slip on V^jyllltK
or off without any one assisting you, and the length comes well Y*f|IP^ "'•'" '¦
below the knees, thus adding warmth to the coat and style as well. :
Our latest in long overcoats is the "Tourist."' We will not > M§^^^^^m^- ' ""-•'•
say much about the coat — we will let the picture and the price do • '
The coat has a removable back strap, is made in loose effect w^^'^&^^^^^ :
from all-wool cheviot, fully fifty inches in length. Will cost else- t^^^&^m^^M ¦ '
where maybe as muchasSl>. "Our maker-to-wearer price is $10. W^W^^^^^^^M -'
Good Sack Suits for $9
Of course, we do not know whether you would pay as low a W^M^^^^^^^^ •
price as $9 for a suit. We do know, however, that we can fit you *
in a good pattern in our $9 suits. We also know that the price ;^mM^^^^^^^M ' ' ;
about town for suits of equal quality is 812.J0. Our price is $9, TW^^^^^^^^M ' ••
because you buy direct from the- makers. !&P-^^^^^^^^8 ;
If you are accustomed to paying $12.50, you will be pleased wjth ;t - '
these $9 suits. They come in blue serges, black thibets and mixed chev- W1^^^^^^^^^^ •
Just received from our workshops elegant assortment of trouseis // te^®P^^^^^^§a •-•¦
from $2.25 to $8.00. I §0W^^^S ' •
Store closes all day Monday— Labor Day I m§^^^^^^M ' ; '
Combination Sale— Suit and Cap — S3J50~| 1 ,
shall.'have a Special Combination Sale. " B ¦ '
You can procure a cap and sailor suit for j W^^jU^^^^^^^^^^
§^#$j The suit is our "Reliance," the sailor of // ~^M&J^^^^^^^^ '
i^-'i$ quality, that is making sucrra hi\ Its regular // ¦'''¦
but are practically giving away a cap to match // rrfflPP" " ' "
suit and cap to match fcr $3 50.
Out-of-town customers will be served by mail as well as though they bought in person.
Just received a bin shipment of youths' trousers from our workshops; neat dark striped- patterns at
f^p^l^pf^® $2.00, $2.50, 53.00, 53.50 and $4.00. ,- ' . '^ :J;
Special for a short time— youths' blue cheviot suits, sin.ele and 'double breasted styles, ages 12 to 19
W&^|^^M^V| ' Boys' Soft Hats, in light colors, ;tt 00c and $1.30.
B^^^'^^^ B °y^' Automobile Caps, $1.25 and $1.50.
/ !|i|$pf lis&iii '-'..•->* Big line of dollar Sweaters for boys iust received, comprising fancy weaves in the following colors:.
I M^lta " I 'bHH Horizontal stripes — maroon and white; black and purple; gray and red; royal and green. Perpendicular
'wPlirYi 4 I*!!! • stripes — red and green; green and pink; navy and white; gray and red. Price $1.00.
\ ¦ wMl u lUf !¦¦ * School Buttons free to boys and girls for the asking.
¦ ADVEBTISTTMTNTG.
EREWSTER'i"
MILUONS
FOR SALE
In Book Form
ALL-BOOK STORES
j BUY IT TO-DAY
BEERS I
5 The Highest Priced but |
? the Best Quality. £
. SOLD tVERYWHERB. p
I HILBERT MERCANTILE CO.. 8
I ' Pacific Coast Agents. ]£
Schilling's Best is money-
back : grocers return your
mpney if you don't like the
-'tea bildng-pwirder ipicci
'-. . ¦ .eoffe* . flsvoriac extracts tod*
known as Schilling's Best.Extend Privileges to the Aubertine Faction
for Harmony's Sake.
New Record for Motor Cycles.
BOSTON. Sept. 3.— In an attempt to beat
the track record of 53 3-5 seconds. Albert
Champion to-night at Charles River Park
established a new world's record for mo
tor cycles by riding a mile In 56 seconds-.
Buy your watches at Lundy** 4 Third
street and 752 Market street. • •
"Mr." Chairman, fellow delegates of the
Union Labor party convention: Has San
Francisco suffered by the election of a
Union Labor Mayor two years ago? (Cries
EGAH'S RETROSPECT.
Alfred Roncovierl, chairman of the
committee on platform and resolutions,
was given a hearty reception when he
ascended the steps to read the party's
platform. He was interrupted through
out the reading by the applause of the
delegates.
G. G. Vickerson, John J. Smith, Wins
low D. Getchell and John J. Connelly
were nominated for vice presidents and a
roll call developed the following vote by
districts:
Twenty-eighth, Vickerson and Smith;
Twenty-ninth, Vickerson and Smith;
Thirtieth, Connolly and Smith; Thirty
first, "Vickerson and Smith; Thirty-sec
ond, Vickerson and Smith; Thirty-third,
Connolly and Smith; Thirty-fourth, Vick
erson and Smith; Thirty-fifth, Vickerson
and Smith; Thirty-sixth, Smith and Con
nolly; Thirty-seventh, Smith and Con
nolly; Thirty-eighth, Getchell and Con
nolly; Thirty-ninth, Vickerson and Smith;
Fortieth, Vickerson and Connolly; Forty
first, Smith and Vickerson; Forty-second,
Smith and Connolly; Forty-third, Smith
and Connolly; Forty-fourth, Vickerson
and Smith; Forty-fifth, Vickerson and
Smith.
Chairman Williams announced the vote,
as follows: l
Vickerson, 130; Smith, 144; Connolly,
80; Getchell,. 25.
Messrs. Vickerson and Smith were in
vited to the platform and expressed their
pleasure for the honor accorded them.
Nominations for Mayor were next in
order.
Tom Egan ascended the platform amid
the cheers of hla friends. 'His speech
nominating Eugene E. Schmitz -was in
terrupted time and again with cheers and
when he concluded '.the delegates rose
to their feet and yelled themselves hoarse
for their standard bearer. Egan spoke
as follows:
PLATFORM READ.
' "Your committee further recommends
that after the nomination for Mayor shall
have been made this convention adjourn
to await the report of said committee on
Supervisors and as soon as sold report
shall be ready reconvene at the call of
the chair."
MAYOR TAKES PLATFORM.
At the conclusion of De Succa's speech
Mayor Schmitz strode toward the plat
form. As soon as his presence was dis
covered every delegate sprang to his feet
and swung his hat and cheered loudly for
his leader. The cheering lasted fully two
minutes and when order was restored
nominations for Mayor were closed and
upon motion of Delegate Egan the Mayor
was nominated by acclamation. As the
vote was cast by the secretary of the
convention, every delegate arose to his
feet and cheered. There were cries for
Schmitz and he accepted the calls for a
speech by speaking as follows:
"Mr. Chairman, Gentlemen of the Con
vention and Friends: I hardly know how
to express my gratitude for the honor
that has been paid me this evening in re
ceiving at your hand3 unanimously the
renomination for the office which I hold
at the present time and hold as a repre
sentative of the Union Labor party. (Ap
plause.) It clearly demonstrates more
than anything else could that my efforts
in behalf of the people, who have had the
courage to select me as their standard
bearer, have been sincere and honest and
that my administration. If not all what
was expected, has at least been better
for the wage-earners, better for the good
people than any one of the millionaire
nominees who have held the position
(Applause.) There i3 no more fitting place
to receive a nomination from the hands
of the Union Labor party than in this
temple, dedicated to labor. (Applause.)
As I have often said during my last cam
paign, the Union Labor party does not be
lieve in putting one class against another
and it does not believe in taking radical
action on any proposition. I have stated
during my last campaign, and I reiterate
to-night, that I believe in equal and fair
consideration for . capital and equal and
Just representation for labor, and I have
endeavored on every occasion to try to
show that I mean to carry out those
principles in future as well as carry them
out by word of mouth. (Applause.)
"I started out to make many reforma
tions, but have not been able to accom
plish all that I had expected to on ac
count of the obstacles that I have found
on every side which I had to surmount.
I had to go into office with a Board of
Supervisors not sympathetic to me or at
all in accord with my desires for reform,
which I have often expressed and have
tried to put into effect I found the board
composed of men who had been placed
In office before me and also antagonistic
to every proposition that I might put
forward, and It Is only at the present time
that some of them have been In the ma
jority for this administration. That is
one reason why I desire to be re-elected,
because I want, to put into positive ef
fect the good work that I mapped out
at the beginning of my term and I found
myself unable to carry out by reason of
the opposition I have met on all sides.
(Applause.) *
"The opposition newspapers^ when I was
I escorted him to the platform of Metro
politan Temple and urged the delegates
present to put their shoulders to the
wheel and make his nomination equiva
lent to an election, which they did. It
was my pleasure during the campaign to
tell the voters of San Francisco that the
Union Labor party had nominated one of
the grandest and most popular young
men in the affections of the good people
of San Francisco, that could be nomin
ated by any convention. (Applause.) I
was right and his large majority of 5000
over his Republican opponent and 10,000
over hia Democratic opponent proved it
(Applause.) I also told them that he was
a young man who had already distin
guished himself in his chosen profession
and would surely distinguish himself as
Mayor of San Francisco if elected. How
well he has done so you have been told
by the previous speaker. He has fully
met the expectations of his friends and
ho has ably captured his enemies by his
immense popularity. I also told them ho
was a young man of unblemished reputa
tion, possessed of executive abilities of
high order."
igo I- was among the first to congratu
late him upon his nomination for Mayor.
MAYOR B. E. SCHMITZ, RE
NOMINATED BY UNION LA
BOR PARTY, AND FRIENDS.
"I heartily indorse the renomination of
Mayor Eugene E. Schmitz for Mayor of
San Francisco. (Applause.). Two years
"Fellow .delegate's of the convention, I
now take great pleasure In placing his
name before you^for the nomination for
Mayor, conscious of his work and mind
ful of your appreciation of the splendid
claim upon your consideration of Eugene
E. Schmitz." (Tremendous cheering.)
When the cheering had subsided James
de Succa took the platform to second the
nomination. His greeting was also a cor
dial one. Mr. de Succa delivered a very
lengthy address, which was full of praise
and metaphor.- In part he spoke as fol
lows: .
"Who can deny these facts? Does any
one pretend to deny that the present
peaceful industrial conditions now pre
vailing in our city are due to the fact
that we have as the chief executive of
San Francisco a man who deals to all
classes even-handed justice (applause)
and who in the conduct of his daily of
ficial life practices that line of conduct
which can be summed up in his chosen
motto, 'Equal rights to all and special
privileges to none?' (Great applause.)
"Fellow delegates, I feel honored by
being a member of this convention, and I
feel doubly honored by having the op
portunity to present to you for your in
dorsement the name of our j present
Mayor, Eugene E. Schmitz. (Tremendous
ceering.) .
"He cornea ; be fore you at this time to
render an account of his. stewardship as
the labor Mayor. For that matter, he
comes before the whole people of San
Francisco to render an account of his
stewardship as Mayor of this city of his
birth. (Applause.) Never has San Fran
cisco had a better Mayor. (Applause.)
And never has labor had a more conser
vative, able or wise leader. (Applause.)
"Two years ago, fellow delegates of the
convention, we came before the people of
San Francisco with his candidacy as an
experiment. We go before the people now
and we offer to the entire community
the demonstrated proposition that not
only has San Francisco not suffered by
the election of a labor Mayor, but that
a positive, real, tangible and material
benefit has resulted from his election.
(Great applause and cries, "Keep It up,
Tom.")
PRESENTS SCHMITZ'S 1TAME.
of "No! No!") Fellow delegates of the
convention, you are all familiar with the
causes leading up to the organization of
tho Union Labor party of San Francisco
in 1901. You are all familiar with the
unfortunate conditions which prevailed in
our beloved city two years ago — condi
tions brought about and aggravated by
the misuse of Kovernmental . powers by
those in charge of our municipality. You
will all recollect how the powere of gov
ernment were used to crush those strug
gling for a betterment of their condition
and for some slight measure of the pros
perity coming to the community. I will
not at this time indulge in any recital
of those conditions or of the wrongs and
injustices practiced by those officials se
lected to serve you and the citizens of
San Francisco. That is trite history now.
Suffice it to say that they were sufficient
to bring aoout the organization of our
party. You will all recollect how the
prejudice existed at that time against the
movement, both by friends and enemies
of labor— the friends of labor fearing a
bad effect upon the cause of labor and
the enemies of labor predicting absolute
ruin to San Francisco in the event of
our success. We had to combat in our
own ranks and on all sides we had to
defend ourselves. Despite all these fears,
oppositions and misgivings, we proceeded
along what appeared to be our duty. We
met. We nominated a ticket. We se
lected as our standard bearer our present,
our honored Mayor, Eugene E. Schmitz.
(Great cheering.)
"And we triumphantly elected him. (Ap
plause.) What has been the result? In
dustrial peace, happiness and prosperity
to all classes. Never has San Francisco
been more prosperous. Upon every side is
evidence of increasing growth and pros
perity. Business enterprises flourish;
commercial activity Is ever, on the in
crease. Real estate transactions exceed
those of any other period In our city's
history; magnificent and impsoing struc
tures rising on our business thoroughfares
and workmen busy upon the little homes
of the poor. (Applause.)
SUMS TJP RESTJI/T.
"In view of the necessity for careful and
prudent'action in the matter of the selec
tion of candidates for the Board of Su
pervisors and in order that the strongest
and best possible ticket may be presented
to the people of San Francisco, we fur
ther recommend that a special committee
of eighteen be appointed by the chair,
one from' each Assembly district, to can
vass all names which may be presented
or suggested for the office of Supervisor,
and to reoprt to this convention the
names recommended to thorn as tho
strongest and best candidates' for that of
fice. Such report to have no effect" unless
approved by a majority report of this
convention.
"It shall be the duty of this committee
to adopt such measures and to take such
steps as will secure the largest registra
tion of members of our party who have
not registered and the registration of
those who have changed their residences
since their last registration.
"Registration closes on September 23,
1903. We therefore also further recom
mend that every member of this conven
tion also use his best efforts toward the
same end.
"We further recommend that a special
committee of eighteen be appointed by
the chair, one from each Assembly dis
trict, to act as a committee on registra
tion.
speeches, be limited to five minutes; that
all resolutions shall be referred to the
committee on resolutions without debate;
that at least 100 votes, being a majority
of all the delegates elected to this con
vention, shall be required to make any
nomination; that all nominations shall be
accompanied by the payment of the sum
of $10, except nominations for Supervisors,
which shall bo accompanied by the pay
ment of the sum of $5, said sums to be de
posited with the secretary of the conven
tion and to be used for the purpose of
defraying the current expenses of holding
this convention.
- "AH parliamentary questions and rules
of .orders not otherwise herein provided
for shall be governed by Roberts' Rules
of Order. . .
"Our platform two years ago pledged
the Mayor and Supervisors to save at
least $100,000 a year by cutting down the
high salaries paid some men in the City
Hall. On two occasions, living up to that
platform, I have brought vetoes to the
budget and demonstrated beyond a per
adventure of a doubt that more than
$100,000 could be saved, but there again I
did not have the support of a sympathetic
board and fifteen Supervisors stood
against me and overrode the veto of those
items which I pledged my party to car
ry out. CApplause.)
"It cannot be charged by anybody that
the Labor party has been a failure. (Ap
plause.) It cannot be charged on any
hand that the condition of San Francisco
is worse to-day that It was two years
ago. On the contrary, there has been
more business transacted in San Francis
co in the last two years than in the -five
preceding years. (Applause.) And the
wage earner's condition to-day is a great
deal better than it was two year3 ago,
and I say to you in all earnestness and
sincerity that the perpetuation of this
party must be assured if that great class
of good people hope to get representation,
hope to have their condition continue to
improve and if they hope to place men
in office who will not be subservient to
any bosses. *•-¦" . "¦ '•%_¦'
"I thank you for this nomination. I in
dorse, standing here- to-n!ght. your plat
form and I want to say that I will do
everything in my power to carry your en
tire ticket to victory, to carry, it to suc
cess at the next election, and -on all sides*
I want it to be known that I am first, last
and always a a representative of the
Union Labor party and shall always be.
(Enthusiastic applause.) ¦ ' .«
"I thank you, brother?, for this great
honor you have conferred upon me to
night. It is something that any man
will be proud of. There are no words
in the Engliah language that I am mas
ter of to express to you In full the deep
regard and appreciation that I have tor.
tendering me unanimously the renomlna
tion for the office I now hold. I hope in
the future I will m^rit your good will and
I assure you I will endeavor to do so,
and no act of mine will ever bring dis
credit on the wage earners of this city or
upon the people who are willing to sup-,
port me again for the office I now hold.
I thank you." (Great cheering.)
Chairman Williams. was empowered to
appoint a committee of eighteen to re
ceive nominations for Supervisors and re
port back at the next session of the co. - "
ventlon. Mayor Schmitz was empowered
to open his campaign immediately. An
adjournment was then taken to the- call
of the chair. . ...
"Every success that I have made has
not filled me with pride and pleasure for
my own sake, but it has filled me with
pride because I realized that whatever
I did was taken as a mark of what other
labor men could do and reflected not upon
myself as an individual, but • reflected
upon the people who placed me in office —
upon the wage earners of San Francisco
(great applause) whose representative I
am now and whose representative I al
ways hope to be (applause).
"I know you will pardon me for refer
ring to that trial which came up about
three months after I went into office. I
mean the street railway strike. At that
time it was also Bald: 'We'll see now how
the labor man handles a difficulty of this
magnitude.' Well, without taking any
credit upon myself, I want to say that I
had an opportunity at that time to dem
onstrate that I was sincere in the remarks
and speeches I made before election, that
I would give equal rights to all and spe
cial privileges to none. (Applause.) And
that strike was settled without bloodshed.
Why? Because Justice was dealt out equal
ly to all and the men who went out on strike
realized that they had nothing to fear In
the way of Injustice of any kind-. And
they themselves formed themselves into
a peace committee to protect the property
of the company and carried on the strike
to a successful determination— a strike
that has never been equaled In the world
up to the present time. ;
"I stated before last election that I be
lieved in peaceful measures at all haz
ards in the settlement of industrial dis
turbances and I have proven, dozens of
times that this Is the best way, by. having
the employers and employes meet In my
office. I have managed to get them to
gether and although I have seen them
look daggers at each other, after a calm
discussion I have seen them leave my
office arm. in arm and settle their differ
ences. (Applause.)
SUPERVISORS OPPOSED.
running for office two years ago, made
the statements, and the statements were
also made on the platforms by the d ffer- ;
ent advocates of different parties, <hat if
a Union Labor man was placed In office
property in San Francisco would not be
worth 50 cents on the dollar (laughter),
and also that the town would run wild;
that the wage earners were not 9aj>ab!e
of governing themselves, and therefore. Jf
they put a man in office from their r?nks
we would have a covernraent that San
Francisco would be ashamed of. It was
also asked what would a labo*" Mayor do
In receiving guests, who came to San
Francisco? How would a labor Mayor
extend a welcome to the different high
officials and great men of this country
visiting San Francisco? Well, we had
here In San Francisco the Chief Execu
tive of the nation. President Roosevelt
(applause), and I leave it to the people
to say whether in extending a welcome, to
him the labor Mayor of San Francisco
did justice to the occasion and his peo
ple (applause).
STREETCAR STRIKE.
The survivors had a thrilling experi
ence. The fire, which had broken out
on board, reached the petroleum tanks
on Sunday and caused a terrlilc explo
sion, killing the engineer.
The crew took to the boat3 during a
violent storm. One boat with six occu
pants drifted away and was not seen aft
erward. It is supposed that it was
swamped in the high seas.
The weather continued so bad that the
survivors in the other boats took refuge
again on the Klampenborg on Monday
evening 1 . On Tuesday they had to take
to the boats again, and they were at the
point of exhaustion when they 'were res
cued.
IX)NDOX. Sept. 3.— The captain and a
pcrtion of the crew of the Danish steam
er Klampenborg, from BIyth for Kron
stadt, have been landed at South Shields.
They report that the Klampenborg was
abandoned on fire. The third "engineer
was killed and six of the crew are miss
ing.
Engineer Is Killed and Six
of the Seamen Are .
Missing.
Committee to Can
vass Names for
Board of Super
visors.
Thrilling Experience of
the Klampenbbrg's
Crew.
FLAMES EXPLODE
SHIP'S OIL TANKS
UNION LABOR PARTY CONVENTION ADOPTS A PLATFORM OF PRINCIPLES
AND ACCLAIMS EUGENE E. SCHMITZ ITS NOMINEE FOR MAYOR OF THE CITY
DEATH REVEALS
A BIG SCANDAL
DECLARATION OF PRINCIPLES.
Accountants Find That
Murderer Edson Was
a Forger.
New York Protestant Episco
pal Church Is Robbed of
850,000.
• NEW TOKK. Sept. 3.— iTora th*n $50,
«09 and perhaps tlOO/u) is lost to St.
Michael's Protestant Episcopal Church
throagh forgery and theft committed by
Henry Towusead Edson. who last
"Wednesday killed Mrs. Fannl« W. Pul
len and himself. It Is sow generally be
liaved that the man's act vr&a the result
of madness brought on by the knowledge
that his peculations •would soon be ex
posed, fcr he had been, recalled from his
vacation in Maine to make an explana
tion.. The vestry of Su Michael's Church
met last Monday for the purpose of au
thorizing expert accountants to examine
Epson's books.
Although the investigation has only be
gun it is known that Edson, who was the
£ran£ial clerk of the church corporation,
<iiscounted. a forged note for $25,000 pur
porting to be signed by the treasurer of
The church; that he cashed several forged
checks, and that ha appropriated to his
<jwn use rents and voluntary contribu
tions.
II YE, Pa.. Sept. 3. — Arrangements were
irade to-day to bring the body of Mrs.
J. E. Pullen, who was murdered by Hen
ry T. Edson in New York City yesterday,
:o this city for burial. Mrs. Pullen was
the daughter of the late Captain James
£hirn, V. S. and spent her early girl
hood In this city. The family Is one of
the oldest and most prominent In the
TIIE HOLINESS EVANGELIST. — The Rev.
12. A. Ro*«=, "The Holiness Evangelist," will
li«»jjia a wries of services next Sunday evening,
Hcjitember 6, at 8 o'clock, at Pentel Mission
Hall, corner of Pine anl Kearnjr 6treeta, and
at 2:30 in the afternoons at 43 Third St.
THE Union Labor party of the city and comity of San Francisco, In local c«n
vantion assembled, presents the following platform- and declaration of prin
ciples, upon which It appeals to the voters of San Francisco for the support
of its nominees, and It hereby pledges each of its candidates to carry out
these principles:
The Union Labor party is not a class party and does not Intend to establish
a class It Is true that on account of peculiar exigencies o< the po
litical situation It originated through the active efforts of a portion of our people,
but It embraces and seeks to comprehend in its membership all elements of our
population, irrespective of class, creed or station. It is essentially the party of
the plain people— the party of those who are benefited by co-operation for the
protection and maintenance of their political rights. And while it respects and
protects the rights of all. It la at the samo time designed to • secure effectively
for the wage earner, for the small taxpayer, for tho larger mass of our citizen
ship, the rights and privileges to whioh under, the law they are legitimately en
titled and which heretofore havo only too frequently b«en enjoyed by the few.
It stands for the peaceful advancement of the masses and for the betterment
of their material, social and political conditions, and looks forward to fair and
equal consideration and protection of capital and labor, employer and employe,
alike.
Its motto is, "Equal rights to all and special privileges to none."
When the people of San Francisco at the last municipal election manifested
their confidence in the declarations of the Union Labor party and their faith In
its professions by electing to the highest office of the municipality ' the Hon. Eu
gene E. Schmitz, the present Mayor of our . groat city, their action was looked
upon by some with misgivings, approhcnsioi.i and fear, but we point with pride
to the manly, conservative and Just record of our chief executive, whose per
sonal Integrity and ability are recognized and commended by the citizens of San
Francisco without regard to party affiliation. „
He has fulfilled every pledge made by him or by his party on his behalf.
Though surrounded by many obstacles, he has endeavored to cut down extrava
gant and unnecessary salaries and to reduce the number of high-priced and
fancy employes in the city's administration, and to that end has twice vetoed ap
propriations of over $100,000 for those purposes, which vetoes, unfortunately, were
not sustained by the JBoard of Supervisors.
During his term of office all differences .between labor and capital, employer
and employe, have been adjusted satisfactorily to both sides, and without vio
lence and bloodshed. He has proven himself capable, honest and fair In all his
dealings toward all classes of i our citizens, ' and we cordially and emphatically
indorse his administration. >
VTe pledge all our nominees to an economical and businesslike administration
of the city's affairs.
We favor the expenditure of more of the money raised by taxation for perma
nent public Improvements and for the repair and improvement of our streets, and
the expenditure of less money for extravagant salaries or ornamental and un
necessary employes. •- - •-•>
We pledge them also to liberal and fair treatment of our public schools, and
favor the erection 'of new'school buildings and better school accommodations for
the children of our city. We commend and indorse the present system of ap
pointment of teachers to the School Department of this city, by competitive ex
amination among the holders of certificates and the appointment of those who
successfully pass the examinations in the order of their standing in such exam
inations.
We believe the best Interests of education require that the School Depart
ment be entirely divorced from politics and that advancement depend upon
merit alone, to the exclusion of political and personal favoritism, and we
pledge our nominees to carry out these principles.
Furthermore, we recommend that all Asiatics, both Chinese and Japanese,
should be educated separately from the other children in schools exclusively
for themselves.
We favor the acquisition and public ownership of all public utilities and
means of communication, such as public buildings, street railways, gas, elec
tric light, water, telephones and telegraphs. We regard the acquisition of a
public water supply and the operation by the municipality of the Geary-street
railway as of primary and especial importance. In the event of their acqui
sition we pledge our nominees to a progressive and economical, operation there
of.
We favor also the municipal ownership and operation of a complete tele
phone system. "We favor the Immediate construction of a new City and County
Hospital. The sick wards of the city should be housed in better quarters and
surrounded by better conditions than exist in the present ramshackle structures.
We demand that all supplies for the public- Institutions of this city and
county bear the union label where such can be provided and that goods of
home manufacture shall in all cases be given preference.
We demand the rigid enforcement of the laws calling for licensed engineers
and firemen to be in charge of steam boilers and engines operated in the city
and county of San Francisco to the end that life and property be not endan
gered by reckless or incompetent operation of such plants.
We pledge our nominees for Mayor and for Supervisors that all work done
for the municipality shall be done by the day and not by contract, thereby se
curing for the city the best service at the least exDense.
\ We recommend the rigid enforcement of the eight-hour law as to all work
performed by or for this municipality. j
We demand that the street sweeping apparatus of this city be owned and
operated by the municipality. . i
We recognize that a necessity exists for a fund to carry on permanent Im
provements, such as repairing and repaving streets, reconstructing and extend
ing sewers, erecting new schoolhouses when necessary and other public work
that will be of benefit to the city at large and will give employment to labor.
We therefore pledge our candidate for Mayor and our nominees for the Board
of Supervisors to reserve a fund when making up the annual budget of at least
10 cents on each dollar raised by taxation, the Bame to be used for permanent
Improvements and to be designated as "municipal permanent Improvement
fund."
We further pledge our nominees for Mayor and Supervisors to dismiss all
unnecessary employes, so that a saving of at least $100,000 per annum can be
effected and the money thus saved devoted to permanent improvements.
We favor arbitration of all industrial disputes eo far as the same may be
just and practicable. - j
We favor the peaceful settlement of all differences between employer and
employe.
We favor the civil service system of public appointments as provided in our
charter.
The Police and Fire deportments shall be administered and conducted strict
ly In accordance with the law insuring the same protection to all.
We favor the absolute exclusion of all Asiatics, Japanese, as well as Chi
nese, and pledge our nominees If elected to use their influence and their best
efforts to seure such result.
Believing that the poll tax system now in existence unjustly discriminates
against the poor man Inasmuch as he pays a larger percentage in proportion
to his means and income than does his wealthy neighbor, we favor the aboli
tion of this unequal tax. We favor absolute home rule for the city and coun
ty of San Francisco and pledge our nominees and our party to work to that end
The interference by the Legislature with the internal affairs of San Fran
cisco, notwithstanding the charter, is costing our city much money and Is en
croaching upon her rights of self-government.
We favor a constitutional amendment which shall make it impossible for
State boards of equalization arbitrarily to raise the assessment of this city, al
ready overassessed, especially as regards its smaller property holders.
We also favor such changes in the laws as will place the water front of
San Francisco under the control of the municipal government, so that the ad
ministration of the water front may be conducted more with a view to the
commercial advancement and prosperity of the city than as an asylum for the
political refugees of the State who are strangers to San Francisco not inter
ested In its welfare and Ignorant of its needs.
We deplore the interference by the courts In the executive affairs of the
city and the abuse of the writ of injunction to restrain the action of public
officials honestly attempting to do their whole duty by the people and by such
injunction enabling Incompetent or dishonest men to hold themselves In pub
lic position in defiance of the acts of their executive superiors and of the will
of the people. .
imous vote the delegates acclaimed
Eugene E. Schmitz the nominee. The
candidate made another of his character
istic speeches. As the audience was com
posed almost exclusively of Union Labor
representatives the Schmitz taffy was
abundantly bestowed on wage earn
ers. The smoothness of the convention's
proceedings attracted the attention of
spectators. The platform of principles
was adopted without amendment or de
bate. The order of business, presenting
some departures from established . usage,
was accepted without dissent. The dele
gates will not come together again until
the chairman gives the signal. During
the recess a committee of eighteen will
cast about for suitable material for the
Board of Supervisors. No doubt the list
of the proposed nominees will be sub
mitted to the candidate for Mayor.
There, are no signs of vigorous contest
for subordinate places on the ticket, such
as County Clerk, Sheriff, Recorder and
Public Administrator. An olive branch
was tendered last night to the defeated
delegates of the Casey wing of the party.
They were Invited to wear delegate
badges and grace the occasion with their
presence. . . '.;
The distinction of placing Mayor
Schmitz in nomination was accorded to
Thomas F. Egan and James de Succa. If
Chris Buckley had been present he would
have listened with pride to his former
lieutenant, for Mr. Egan made a happy
speech. James de Succa's eloquence In
eulogy of the , Mayor .was so flowery and
rustic that every one that "knew him re
marked that he got his inspiration from
Golden Gate Park as secretary of the
Park Commission.
Mayor Schgritz t during bis speech of
THE duty of nominating a candidate
for Mayor was performed with neat
ness and dispatch by the Union Labor
party convention last night By unan-
Delegates Select Standard-Bearer in the
Smooth-Running Convention.
acceptance, mentioned Roosevelt's name
and it was the signal for tremendous
cheering.
FOR HARMONY'S SAKE.
After the roll call Edward J. Kerwin
offered the following resolution, which
was unanimously adopted:
"Resolved, That In the Interest of unity
and harmony the privileges of the floor
of this convention be and they are here
by unanimously extended to all members
of the Union Labor party who at the last
primary election were candidates for the
position of delegates to this convention
and were not elected and also to the
members of the Union Labor Party Coun
ty Committee, and that they be, indivi
dually and collectively, cordially invited
to eeats on the floor of this convention
and be provided by the secretary with
special badges entitling them to such
privileges."
The report of the committee on perma
nent organization and order of business
was read by Chairman William J. Mind
ham.- It was adopted, despite the objec
tions-of Harry A. Knox.' The report. is as
follows: • '• •'"¦ .'
"We recommend that the order of busi
ness of this convention after the election
of officers and the adoption of this re
port be as follows:
"1— Adoption of report of committee on
platform and resolutions.
"2— Nomination of can<TT<?ates for office
In the following order: Mayor, .eighteen
Supervisors, Auditor, County Clerk,
Treasurer,' Tax Collector, Recorder, Pub
lic Administrator, Sheriff, Assessor, . Cor
oner, District Attorney, City Attorney and
two Police' Judges.
"3— Selection of a governing committee
of the Union Labor party to consist , of
I seventy-two members, three to be selected
by each district delegation from the re
spective Assembly districts and eighteen
by the chairman of this convention at
large.
"We recommend that all speeches on
i any subject, Including:' nominating
tfHE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1903.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
...AN OLD...
MAGAZIIE
...A NEW...
MANAGEMENT
J" 1 SEE THE
15 SEPTEMBER
C NUMBER
E OF THE
t ftverland
ill Monthly
STRONG
DESCRIPTIVE
ARTICLES
INTERESTING
SHORT
STORIES
READABLE
MATTER
WESTERN
IN FLAVOR
MAN EMIGRATION
• DOCUMENT
MARKET STREET
BUILDING
TO LEASE.
3Z WO! Be BuBt to Suit Tenant. ~
''.'— BET. 8TH and 9TH STS. —
100-Foot Front. - - 5 Stories;
Or in Separate Floors.
DAVIDSON & LEIGH, .
219 Montgomery Street.
I MillThe committtee scaled down the bills of
J. TV. Murphy for furnishing horses and
buggies to the Department of Electricity
from $2 50 to $2 per day for each buggy.
The Supervisors' joint Finance, Fire and
Police Committee considered yesterday
the recommendation of Mayor Schmitz
that the Fire Commission classify certain
of its employes as electrical engineer,
cashier, stenographer, clerk,^ storekeeper,
machinist and stenographer-secretary,
which, however, does not contemplate an
increase in the force. The committoe in
structed the commission to ask the City
Attorney's opinion as to whether it has
power to classify its employes without ac
tion on the part of the Board of Super
visors.
Classification of Employes.
Jerome Bassity
Will open his magnificent cafe and grill
to the public to-morrow, Saturday, Sep
tember 5, 1102 Market street. •
To Revive Colonist Rates.
The Southern Pacific Railroad Company
has advised the California Promotion
Committee that colonist rates will be in
force from Chicago and Missouri points
and all points west at old rates from Sep
tember 15 to November SO, inclusive. The
Eastern Passenger Association has not
agreed to put rates Into effect in its ter
ritory. It is supposed, however, that this
colonist rate will be very helpful.
Popular Excursions.
Special holiday rates. September 4 to n. In
clusive, via the North Shore to Russian Kiver.
Casadero. Redwoods', Point Reyes, CempTav*
lor. etc. Goor hotels, hunting, fishiug and
ram pine Morning and afternoon trains
through to Caradero on September 5 and 8. Get
copy of circular at ticket offlce, 'i20 Market
street, San Francisco. •
LABOR AND ADMISSION DAYS.
The board of directors of the. San Fran
cisco Gas and Electric Company has is
sued a call for a meeting of shareholders
to be held at its offices, 415 street,
Thursday. October 22, for the purpose of
acting upon a voting proposition to cre
ate a bonded indebtedness of $10,000,000
for the purpose of paying for the proper
ties recently acquired, including the Inde
pendent Gas and Power Company, the In
dependent Electric . Light and Power
Company, the Equitable Gas Light Com
pany and the Pacific Gas Improvement
Company.
The circular to the shareholders sets
forth that in order to popularize the com
pany with the public and to obtain and
maintain its good will a rate of $1 per
thousand feet has been made for gas, a
price which the company will endeavor
to continue, although the legal rate is
$1 20.
Speaking yesterday, of the forthcoming
meeting of shareholders Allan Pollok,
manager of the company, said:
The Jl per 1000 cubic feet gas puts San
Francfsco among the most favored cities of its
Owners. of property in the vicinity of
Grant avenue from Bush street to Mar
ket will be disagreeably interested in a
decision rendered yesterday by United
States District Judge James H. Beatty
of Idaho sitting in the United States Cir
cuit Court in the case of Alexander J.
Swift against" the city and county of San
Francisco. The suit was brought to re
cover $3000 and interest on the Dupont
street widening bondg. Judge Beatty
gave judgment in favor of Swift, but
added that the amount of the judgment
was not payable out of the general fund,
but that it should be assessed against and
collected from the owners of property in
the district benefited by the widening of
Dupont street from Bush to Market and
constituting what is now known as
Grant avenue.
Six other cases of a similar nature pend
ing in the United States Circuit Court are
included in "Judge Beatty's decision, the
facts In each and the questions of law
involved being alike. The plaintiffs are
James S. Sharper, 'Felix J. de Crano, Jo
seph W. Mather. E. G. Ames. Henry A.
King and Ellen Ivers, and the aggregate
sum Involved in the seven suits is $113,
000, "of which $70,000 is for principal on the
bonds and the remainder for interest. All
the plaintiffs are residents oV the Eastern
States and their claims are not affected
by the decisions heretofore given in the
Superior Court in favor of the city and
county and the property owners.
The complainants will proceed to man
damus the Assessor and the Tax Col
lector to assess to and collect from the
property owners the sura involved ln the
decision. Should they still refuse to pay
their property will be sold to pay the as
sessment.
The bonds for thc widening of Dupont
street were^-authprized by "an act of the
Legislature of March, 1876, and .the work
of widening the street from Bush to Mar
ket was completed In the fall of 1877. The
bonds were issued" for $1,000,000, of wjilch
sum $800,000 has been paid, leaving $200,
000 due. Of this balance due the Eastern
holders will receive $70,000, plus interest,
which will bring the total up to $113,000.
URGE IMPROVEMENT
OF THE MISSION ROAD
Citizens Ask Board of Works; to Put
Thoroughfare in Passable
Condition.
A delegation of citizens appeared be
fore the Board of Public Works yesterday
to urge that Mission road, from Onondaga
avenue to the count£ line, be put in a
passable condition. M. W. Coffey, presi
dent of the Hackmen's Union, told of the
deplorable condition of the roadway,
which Impeded the progress of funerals.
J. H. Pease told of a coffin falling out
of a hearse that broke down on the road.
The coffin lay in the roadway for two
hours until another hearse was secured.
The Board of Works Informed the com
mittee that there Is only $7505 available
for the repair of county roads and all
this money could not be used on Mission
road. Commissioner Schmitz suggested
that the City Engineer be asked for an
estimate of cost to put the road in tem
porarily good condition, but action was
postponed until Commissioner Manson's
return.
Stanley Fay was granted a permit to
pave Linden avenue, between Webster
and Buchanan streets. The City Street
Improvement Company, which had se
cured the signatures of some of the prop
erty-owners for the work, withdrew its
application, with the understanding that
they should be charged the same price as
those who had signed with Fay.
Owen McHugh was allowed until March
1. 1904, to grade Eighteenth avenue, be
tween K and L streets.
The expedition sent to Point Reyes by
Professor McAdie of the local Weather
Bureau, has succeeded In picking up the
shore end of the Farallon cable. Locat
ing the severed rope proved quite a task,
but was finally accomplished through the
efforts of Contractor John M. Kline. The
cable will be spliced ajjd the Weather
Bureau will lje able to resume the mak
ing of dally reports from the islands. The
cable was cut by the captain of the
steamship South Portland. His anchor
fouled the rope and the cutting of the
cable was necessary in order to save the
vessel.
Pick Up Farallon Cable.
A m&rrlage license, made out to Tony
Acurso of 6H Union place and Virginia
Kirco of Sra Filbert street and issued on
June 5. 1903. was returned to Clerk Dan
forth yesterday by Miss Kirco. Acurso
ia 23 years old and Miss Kirco is only 16.
She told Danforth that she had changed
her mind about marrying. The license
will be canceled on the records.
Returns Marriage License.
LIVINGSTON. Mont.. Sept. 3. — Martin Ztd
malr, who was to have been hauiced to-mor
row mornlnjr for the murder of George Relder
on Trail Creek two yearn asro, was found dead
ln his cell here this morning.
Judge Beatty Decides
Against Property
Owners.
Company Wishes to
Maintain Good* Will
of the Public.
Arraigned for Murder.
One of the most important cases now
pending in the criminal courts is that
against Charles Sullivan and J. H.
Powell, who were arraigned before Po
lice Judge Mogan yesterday charged
with murdering Special Policeman Robert
A. Sample. The murder was a cold-blood
ed one, and it occurred on Howard street,
between First and Second, on the
morning of August 11. The prisoners had
been in a drunken brawl with an un
known man, it is said, whom they were
beating unmercifully. Martin " Kelly
called Sample's attention to the fact that
the outrage was going on, whereupon the
special sought- to stop the beating. It is
said that Sullivan and Powell beat the
policeman, then took his revolver away
from him and phot him in cold blood
while he lay helpless and bleeding on the
sidew/alk. The case is one of exceeding
cruelty and cold-bloodedness, but despite
this fact it is taid that certain political
influences are being used in behalf of the
prisoners. The case will come up to-day
DUPONT STREET
BONDS PAYABLE
ONE DOLLAR GAS
MAY CONTINUE
size in America, as far as the price of gas is
concerned. New York. Boston. Philadelphia
and Chicago gas Is $1 the thousand, while New
Orleans rates vary from $2 io $1 25. With the
exception of New Orleans, these 1 cities are bo
favorably situated that coal costs, laid down
at the works, less than half what an Inferior
quality of coal coats in San Francisco.
San Francisco pays the highest rate of wages
of any gas company In America, but the com
pany will try to maintain the $1 rate, which,
however, can only be done by the co-operation
of the public and by an enormously Increased
sale of gas.
It is confidently expected that the company
will b«.> able to declare a dividend ln December,
which will be the first in two years.
Prosperity in Imports
'Alv&teA States Appraiser John T. Dare
Xt port* the month of August just passed
to .have been the busiest month on record
fa the Custom-house. On August SI there
'wfre thirty-eight ehlps outside of the reg
•u'ar liners being handled in the Custom,
house, and the receipts of the Apprais
er'? stores were 17.061 packages, exclusive
of tea and other imported merchandise
that, does riot come to the store. The
demand for floor space is increasing, and
;twire the enace now available could be
u-sod to advantage.
The Joint committee meeting of the
Board of Supervisors held yesterday aft
ernoon for the purpose of Investigating the
action «>f the Board of Health In raising
!»A^nrl»>» of employes with money appro
priated, for additional help did not de
velop any sensational features^ Secretary
J. P. Emery of the Health Board ap
peared before the Supcrvtaora and
smoothed matters over,' H« informed
the members that the Board of Health
did not go outside of lta province, "nor
did It Intend to do anything that would
lcok like a discourtesy to the city fathers.
Emery proved a good molllfler and suc
ceeded In making things look In a. better
light than was first reported.
The facts show that I65.5S0. was appro
priated for the use of the Health Board
for this year. It was provided that "the
board could employ two additional mar
ket Inspectors, one additional sanitary
Inspector and one additional plumbing In
spector. It developed that the Health
Board employed an additional Banltary
inspector and an assistant city physician,
and had divided $2*50 in raising employes"
saladles as follows: Chief sanitary inspect,
or $609, health officer 5200, assistant sec
retary $300. messenger $1SO, chemist $300,
chemist's helper 5120, bacteriologist $300,
bakery Inspector $300 and disinterring lnj
spector $120.
EMERY EXPLAINS.
This was added to their annual sala
ries. As the money was appropriated for
new positions and not for raising sala
ries some of the Supervisors thought that
the Health Board had overstepped its
authority.
Emery was interrogated closely about
the number of employes in the depart
ment and their duties. After the exam
ination Emery asked leave to make a
statement, and upon leave being granted
him he said:
"Different conditions existed when the
salaries were made and fixed. The board
did not desire to step outside of the rec
ommendation of your committee. It be
lieved it was acting under the resolution
introduced by Supervisor Wilson, which
says that 'any determination of the
budget and the aggregate sum allowed
each department, office or commission,
the itemized segregation of the finance
Committee and the committee of the
whole, shall In no instance be 8 recom
mendation or limitation as to the dispo
sition of the appropriation finally made
to any department, office, board or com
mission, except in cases where the Board
of Supervisors, by ordinance or resolution,
as provided by the charter, has fixed the
compensation of subordinates.' "
Supervisor Wilson asked Emery wheth
er he thought the Board of Health had
shown respect to the Supervisors In using
money asked for additional help In rais
ing salaries. Emery replied that no dis
respect was Intended. He thought the
whole matter devolved on the Board of
Health, and it was in its discretion what
It should do with the money; that the
board might deem It proper to use the
money asked for the employment of a cer
tain inspector and do away with that of
fice and use It for some other purpose.
QUESTION OF JUDGMENT.
Supervisor Braunhart was of the opin
ion that the Health Board had such au
thority.'
Supervisor D'Ancona, who conducted
the Investigation, said there was no ques
tion that the Health Board did not In
tend any disrespect to the Supervisors.
He said the only question was whether
the money was used for the best interests
of the people in public service. The Board
of Health found itself with J25S0 avail
able. The question is, did the Health
Board show good judgment in' raising the
salaries of its employes?
After a great deal of informal discus
sion the committee took the matter un
der advisement.
The Finance Committee held a meeting
and decided to report favorably on the
claim of the Pacific Foundry Company
for $1145 for putting up the poles used in
the late Grand Army Encampment. Su
pervisor Wilson grew technical over the
matter. He thought the specifications
had not been complied with, but It was
shown to his satisfaction that certain
contingencies arose which made it im
possible to carry them out. Good faith
was shown on the part of the contractors
and the bill was ordered paid.
The Supervisors* Street Commltre© met
yesterday and resumed consideration of
the epoMcation of tie Southern Paclflo
Company for a franchise for a. steam
road along th» bay shore. No definite
conclusion^ was arrived at by the com
mittee beyond flatly declaring that th«
proposed ordinance granting the fran
chises will positively be presented to the
Board of Supervisors for action pro or
con on Monday, September f 1*. 1903. In
order to prepare the bill the oommlttes
decided to meet next Thursday morning
at 11 o'clock to conclude deliberations on
all phases of the proposed right of way.
Chief Counselor Herrin of the South
ern Pacific Company appeared before the
committee and stated that the construc
tion of tha Fifth-street vladuot aa rec
ommended by City Engineer Grunsky Is
out of the question, claiming that it will
be Impracticable at the present time to
build It at the point designated by the
City Engineer. Herrin held that the por
tion of the franchise along Islets Creek
and the Mission tracks could be consid
ered alone and independent of the main
franchise.
"The Southern Pacific Company wishes
the matter considered," said Herrin, "but
the company desires a franchise that will
be acceptable."
"The committee wishes to recommend
the franchise," said Supervisor Braun
hart, "but the matter has been pending
for one year with no definite agreement
on the part of the company regarding cer
tain conditions suggested by the City En
gineer. The question of the removal of
the Mission tracks should be considered
at the present time."
NO TRAINS IN MISSION.
"The Mission branch of the road," said
Herrin," could be converted in about two
years into an underground system, but
this would be useless, as the company
will not run trains over the Mission tracks
when the bay shore railroad is com
pleted."
Herrin further stated that he would not
insist on the Islals Creek matter being
considered, and the committee decided
that Citv Engineer Grunsky shall meet
Chief Engineer Hood of the Southern Pa
cific Company to see if they can come to
some agreement. The Question of the
rental of the Market place lots which
the company desires to use In connection
with thf bay shore right of way will be
finally determined by the committee at
its next meeting. Herrin said that he
and the City Engineer had agreed that
$500 a month was a fair rental for the
property.
Braunhart held that it is the duty of
the committee to present an ordinance
proposing a grant of a franchise for twen
ty years, and Hrrrin said the representa
tives of the company will meet the com
mittee for the purpose of agreeing on the
terms of th<» ordinance.
Eugene Sullivan, on behalf of the Mis
sion residents, asked if the committee
had decided to grant the franchise only
in case the Southern Pacific Company
took up the Mission tracks. Chairman
Curtis replied that the committee had
not decided -on anything in connection
with the franchise, but that its desires
in the matter would be Incorporated in
the ordinance, which will be ready at Its
meeting next Thursday. At that time
the companv will be at liberty to inter
pose its objections to any of the provi
sions therein contained.
SANTA FE FRANCHISE.
Captain A. II. Payson, vice president
of the Atchlson. Topeka and Santa Fe
system, appeared before the committee in
support of the application for a franchise
on certain .portions of Seventeenth and
other streets. Payson asked that the
committee visit the route desired by the
company. The committee set next Tues
day afternoon at 4 o'clock as the time
for making a personal inspection of the
proposed right of way.
The committee prepared a resolution di
recting the Board of Works to remove
certain fences on P street. Railroad ave
nue and Twenty-seventh avenue, and to
expend $75 to make the necessary surveys.
George Bounds' stated that the Board
of .Works had been ordered to remove the
fences more than a year apo, but had only
partly carried out the work.
The petition of Roger Johnson to build
a sour track on Townsend street, be
tween Japan and Third, went over
for one week to give the committee an
opportunity to inspect the ground. Braun
hart thouzht that all permits for spur
tracks should require the use of grooved
girder rails. •
Mara troubi* Is tn strew for tba Hatssell
Audit Company, T-fclch to «t presrut es^
pertiag the books of th* probate depart
ment for the Se&tvJsws* Flaaac« Com
ir-ittee. Auffltnr Ba«Sir discovered ywtw
(Say; that the eTEj^oj-raest cf the cornjviuy
i* iUegal, inasinuch as It Is working by
authority of a resaJurJon emrlo>*ln«r J. J.
Kaesell at CS1 per month to expert the
books. The resoiutloa iras passed on Sep
tember ri. TKS. aad is la the following
•terms:
''Rvsolved, Ttat J. J. Haasell be and la
hereby appointed to fill th« position
creaxe<3 t>y ordinance. No. &?< 'Authorizing
.ih? Board of Supervisors to employ a
competent person to act aa an expert to
examine and expert the books and ac
counts of the various departments of the
jD-unicJpaJitj*.* "
.Baehr bojds that Hassell alone Is legally
rinrloyed by the board and yet the bills
;"I«r ihp cxpertlng for July and August
arc rriiide out in favor of the Ha^sell Au
.-<llt xJoinpany, which \ras formed subse-
TJent to liassell's employment by the
..<ny. In tfce bill for August for $770 Has
yell's rame does not appear at all and
s^ven persons are credited with various
. amounts, among them belnj? Douglas
• Yourip, $250; Mr. Ames. $150; Mr. Day, $91;
Mr. Loomls, £91; Mr. Page. $91; Mr. Burch,
%*2.\ ftcnogTapher. rental type
writer, $5.
Baehr claims that the employment of the
foregoing named is illegal and also points
to the fact that the Initials of five em
ployes are not given e^id the name of the
stenographer Is lacking entirely.* Baehr
also objects to the charge of $5 for rental
¦ of a typewriter, and he will, for the rea
sons mentioned, refuse to audit the de
mar.d. lie disclaims any intention to
:fcrow obstacles in the way of Investigat
ing public accounts, but contends that the
work must be done in a legal manner.
. Auditor Baehr also takes exception to
a statement attributed to Supervisor Wil
son that the receipts for fees In the Coun
ty Clerk's office have increased by $2X>0
per month since the beginning of the ex
•perting of the books in that department.
"On scrutinizing the receipts Baehr ascer
tained that in only two months was there
.any perceptible increase, in April, when
'they were $5S32 09, and in May. $5346 U5.
• This, increase is due to a natural increase
'in -trx* volume of business in the County
• ?.Irtk's office and at best is an increase of
only J1500 above the average monthly re
celfrts. The receipts in U*J3 were: August,
J44'".-. July. $4337 S5: June. $4917 730: May,
.XSM&SG: April. $5S22.09; March. $4733 30;
-. .JVbruary. JH09 90; January. $4575 75. In
'.the last two months the receipts have
«irop;>ed. down to the normal,
in August. 1S02, the receipts were
J45OO; July. $43S7 S3; June, $4917 30; May,
¦fS'lJi; April. $4(«') ffO; March. J4C36 SO;
F» bruary, $4710 63; January. $1553 35.
Claims -.EBsoftitSaa Empowers
. J. J, EasseJl Alone to
Probe Accounts.
Money Appropriated for Help
i Used for Other P\u>
Soutlieru Pacific Will Not
Build Vladuc* Across
Fifth Street,
Auditor Baeiir Declares
= Their Empk>.ymeiife
. Ia m^gal
Street Oomtnitfcee to
Prepare Bill ibr Bay
Shore Road
Health Board Secretary
Explains Raising
of Salaries*
BOARD TO ACT
ON FRANCHISE
SUPERVISORS
HOLD INQUIRY
MORE TROUBLE
FOR EXPERTS
. , .^ . ...... -
i THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, iBIDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1903.
Free Day at Hopkins Institute.
The Mark Hopkins Institute of Art will
be open to the " public to-day, free of
charge, from 9 a. m. till 5 p. m., and in
thc cveninc from 7:30 till 10.
5
THE CALL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close on September 24,
1903, and all holders of Atlas
Coupons are requested to pre-
sent them immediately, as this
great opportunity to secure one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium rates will be
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jgyov «o_ ¦ we* . , Every mother feels a
hJsP' of her life. Becoming
a mother should be a source of joy to ail, but the suffering and
danger incident to the ordeal makes its anticipation one of misery.
Mother** Friend is the only remedy which relieves -women of the great
pain and danger of maternity ; this hour which is dreaded as woman'*
severest trial is not only made painless, but all the danger "is avoided
by its use. Those who use this remedy are ho longer despondent or
gloomy ; nervousness, nausea and other ¦ distressing conditions are
overcome, the system is made ready for the coming event, and the
serious accidents so common to the critical
hour are obviated by the use of Mother's ma X"xf[S>4^f?k9g>
Friend. "It is worth its weight in gold," |»Ri»&B|§F§
says many who have UEed it. $1.00 per IsavSliilvn v
bottle at drug stores. Book containing
valuable information of interest to all women, will j^yffkfi jfhTTrH i<ffH
be sent to any address free upon application to O §f |§||
BRADF1ELD REGULATOR CO.* Atlanta, Ga. .. S H BVfll^B
'
LEADING BUSINESS COLUIGE OF THB
. V ln S ?!L. 2 f < v P0 ' t ft - 8aa Fr"cl>co. Cat ..
Establl«h«d 40 jr«ar* Open enUrw ytir.
Wrtf for Illustrated cmtalcgue (free).
'± A POLYTECHNIC
cA. Sualnesa College aad
' ¦^Jff" r *3^L^\ School cf Ecstneer-
p-^^tY^?k^X JOK. OakJand. Cal.
feST-HT&S "? S^W equipped school «j
f&tii£LL- ELS! < " J>^1 1 l>u«ine«» »horthac» '
SSvT'*S !r 7rp5*&^ ; H " nd •"Siberia* wmi
* >^?2ri;JSAt.!\5l* i -Sii^ oi Chicago. Pmritit
J^ff^fiRtMwSfmSm climate, expenses low.
¦"^ - UTtP^^V^ 7 Write for fr*« X0O--
page catalo?u«. ¦
ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEM~
PERALTA PARK. BEP.KEi.ET.
Bear dins and day school for boys under 13 year*
of age. Studies commence MONDAY. August i.
1802. Send for prospectus to Bra Genebrmn. ¦
BELMONT SCHOOL,
FOR BOTS. BELMONT. CAL..
Opsna (or new pupils August 10: for former
pupils August 12. Catalogue aad book of views
on application.
W. T. REID. A. M. (Hanrard). Head Mister.
St. Mary's College,
OAKLAND, CAL.
Studtw will be resumed MONDAY. August X
1903. BRO. ZENON'IAN. President.
BAJA CALIFORNIA.
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. lNVlUO.lt*>
¦ tor and Nervine. . . * •
The mott wo7><terful SDhrodlsiae and Special
Tonic for the Seiwil Orsans. for both mei.
The Mexican Remedy for DIs«m>s of th»*
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merit*.
NABEE. ALK3 £ BRUNE. Agents.
823 Market St.. S. F.— (Sand for Circulars.*
D'DTTCi'Liri'O FOK barbers, ba-
DnLluniju kers - bootblack*. b*tn-
brewer*, bookbinders, candy-makers, earners.
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries. pape>-
hanger*, prtnten.. painter*. «ho« factor!**.
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BBOS,
Brain Uaniu ac tarera, 609 Saciuanto St.
\A/. X. HESS, '
R0T1KT ?TJBL10 A5D ATTOBSIT-aT-IiIW.
Tenth iJoor. Room 1013. Claus Spnckel*. bids.
Telephone Main 833.
Residence. 821 California *l. below Fm&-
Resldeoce Xtl.pboaa J&mts 1301,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
a I
h I
-I •¦¦¦¦III _~— r
"' V in the world can relieve
I you of constipation anS 2
§ ; all disorders of the Stom- y
•0 ach and Liver like §
g HUNYADI JANOS. g
..'.x- One-half glass taken on S
• S arising will give such sat- -y
'V isfying results that you 5
i'rV. will take no other remedy g
, S and be convinced that it 5
"5 Trill cure all forms of •§
5 Constipation. Be sure
\V) and Get 2
¦ ys ™
I Hunyadi Janos. S
: V If you simply ask for g
-•-§. Hunyadi water you may jj
- S be imposed upon. Don't -q
% be persuaded to buy sub-
.1$ stiiutes. They are worth- T5
*.V less and often harmful. fi
: •' ' iSKi Vim. Vigor, Vitality lor Men.
'¦' A0v\\ MORMON 31SH0PS PILLfl
' StFA-m. wvk b* v « ***u In use over fifty
¦ ' Mwwn^n years . br the leaders of ttt
/^"iiii<r»a^ Morracn Ch-jrch and their
pyy^^lffrfja Jcllowers. Positively cure th«
t^l!''»^3M -worrt c»k> ln old and youaa
• i&HLiVPSSl •riilac from rSect* of te!!-
VmJS!\\tfB «te»«. AUcipatlcn, «cmm or
• -\S8RiwS «arette cmckins. Cur* Lott
Ma.n!iood. Impotency. Co»t
' VjXJHpS' power. Nicht Losses. Irf^jm.
c!». Faln» la Back. Evil I>e»lreB. Lame Back.
••£ervou« Debility. Headache. UnStness to Mar.
- nfn- 1 ret despondent, • cur* li at hand. R*.
%£* 'rial" undeveloped orpan.. SttottUt.
• fhVbraln alia oerv* eent«r»: 6Oe a box; « tot
••i?B0br matt. A written ruaronte* to cnr« o*
refunded with « boxtA Qrcular* fr*«.
•*^?Si« BICI'OP REMEDY CO.. 40 EUU »t^
. ejfrr.nrt.« I C*L ORA.VT DKUO CO^ SI
and 40 Third ft-
' DR. JORDAN'S great, >
koSEUH OF ANATOMY!
' o ¦' C® aaiuirrrsr.tit.8A*7ft.sj.cii.| i
*• V •*" OT The L«ce«tA««tomic«l Muteumin tb«
. " A m w.it.d V>eakne»^e» or *!¦» «nursctc<l
• 5=sT* C *i di*ea»«.»^»*«*» l > P «••¦•« ny*e olden
6 k&&\ DR - ¦SOROAH— DISEASES CF MEN
\ I£m)H Conwlt«tioB free »td itrictly priratf.
''•A I 'iVyH Treutmcrt p«rion»!:y of bjr Irtlrr. A
' rl i r^& U femttm Curt a every case endrruken.
• 1'fl I \h Write for Boot. rHH-««orH»^
9ll i V Dunniue, mailed free. fA
At i »«lu»ble book for ok-h) .
' 9. DO. J BDAS A CO.. IKlMartftStjaR
I DB-PIERtt^,
MEDICAL
§>1SCOVERY
FOR THE .^._
BLOOD* LiVER.LtJMGS.J
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.- [ THE EMPORIUM. j THE EMPORIUM.
; " • * ' ' ' ¦ * .....
f Hoveliy Belts If v^*^** / jl * " Ladies' Gloves 25c ? j
; Two n«w,gr«ceiuUnd perfect. fitting itylei: *L Jtt Q £/(Ftf[ / 2f fofoy £ t i fff Another big lot i* ready otthoie two-clasp 1
• I At ;/»£?©— LadS«* Black Silk Taf&t* Belts B M Q^^S g a&f*S h/ isW&SlfJ^^ , Berlin Lisle G!ovei in thc new colorings >
; with dc^np buckles and back ornament* ta match| CALIFORNIA'S ""J^JJ-^^S^^*****^ such tl mode'l, grays, whits and fas: blacks, jj
! At%UQO-^^^ Mick, doible-faced . % —^^^^^CA'S Q ran dxst STORE I the modes and grays in .elf and black sritch- g
i « Abo- bch vrfrh crochet .crccent amenta, a S p ecia l Sale Goods ordered by mail 1D ? ; thc be " aluC WC W ever 3 « n I 1 ** J
very wat .nd dr«*T belt ia afl dnK • JtJ ., -,/ j l * / n P" Ce ' P cr P*"" • • • • • • • • 25O %
' Q ¦¦¦¦-. '-¦¦¦ _ i or telephone zvilt not be sent C. O. D. E n •*
SSg Ribhorikl29c "$Uto $3k Books 5Qg ~i
Kew Styles Friday and Saturday Uv^&rtFauTo Spreolat I
: Anothtrofoutuaro.tchiblcribboooflWbgnorlo-d.y and to-morrow, betuti. „ ~T ° „ f a Zi y • - f 7 , , i X
,,_ a- M.i t,. 11 •. >tit- i. The new Fall and Lnnstma* Books are due. AaLto make room for thouaani* cf Talrnnei that -z
ful fancy effect*, m mle, blue, heliotrope, white, pink and black; | another are coming j- we hlTe cuUed from onf Kodc aboot , 5CO nme9 oftht: *
* style with * dainty vine pat:ern, v in a gnat variety of color combinations, lar bcob a of to-day that are sightly shop worn— not more than from r io 5 copies of X
! all th©s« ribbons are entirely new Fall stocks, are 4 inches wide, 4ftO*» <ra«rA that tell regularly tor $1.08, 51. so, Ji. 50 up to J3. 50, g£flf% *5
vvorth 40c and 4 r c the yard, for the two days our special sale price &&V and give ,ou your choice Friday and Satvxd. r , per volume . . «#«*(» |j
! ¦ ..I ¦—" ¦¦¦ mi ¦¦¦¦¦¦ " '1 A few of the 500 title* are: **
l5kB9 _ _ .- O " YiSLff d^ .jr.. 8 / J oIm Ermine —Remington. Ragged Lady — Howell*. Captain Macklin — Davia. *"«
bWM &$££*§£?& WW^aCSkY^ s3&GzB&fc£ y ' Buriei Temple — Malt-rlink Fortune of Oliver Horn. The Conqueror— Atherf on, *
; Bifiiwi^-Mi vvvsav w«*«cn»*' The Crsis— Churchill. Abner Dinitl— Harben. P.ncs of Lory— Mitchell. " £
' A Sanwlo LinO 1003 StviOS Daughter of the Snow. Mirgaret Vincent -Clifford. Sear* of the Mighty. jjj '
" "^ Maid at Arms — Chambers. Country God Forget — Charlea. Lazarre — CatherwcoJ. .f
! We have SeCUrGd the Sample line Of a firSt-ClaSS The Vultures— Memman. The Virginian— W;ster. FoodT.de-Gre.rn. ' *
; manufacturing firm- at a fraction .of iheir real value. d^^gJl^ K^-iTrSr i?
; There is not a- Cheap Or Shoddy piece in the lot, and yet We cannot supply mail or telephone orders as there are so few books •{
; the prices that we are going to ask you to pay for them of a title. *
; would scarcely pay for the making. Being samples they Ct £&*»£&<& &"§ £9J$ S
; are of course made up with, unusual care of the best BwBGia S 9aMUG& tyum%f€f :j
; materials, with dainty laces and embroideries, many of mgn $3 fo $5 Styles i
; them trimmed in colored wash ribbon and finished with l|ipl|||i A Fail Sample Line ~\
. DCDy DOWS, J|liliill$k We have again secured the sampic line of a prominent shoe
Corset Lovers and Drawers, 29c to $2.89 llw|| manufacturer, consisting of several hundred pair, of Men'* X
Worth 40c to $6. 50 each. . Vici Kid, Box Calf, Enameled Ltather. Patent %
Drawers, Skirts, Gowns. Chemises, 5Qc (O $2.8Q M^^^^^ Leather and Velour Calf Shoes— in the styles that -\
Worth 75c to 57.25 each Wfr,!^«ralllll^ w^ be worn this Fall and Winter — and to them we }i
_ „ , __ k* vc added 200 pairs of Men's $3.00 box
jj[Wa a5£ffiffi m^ uKs&B^&$t& Calf Shoes, thus ensuring customers of being .*
\35g3fc^^SjiSBB^ able to get all sizes, and Friday and Saturday ]%
; Ha .- f PHcq Friday and Saturday - H=^ give you the choice of any &*<& OO J
; A large purchase of Men's Fancy Novelty Half Hose, pair in the lot «.. . .npUmmjO S
; German and French makes, lisle thread and cotton ; mi a pair of these shoes is worth less than $3.00— the majority of *
in both and lace embroidered effects, in such com- them are regular $4.00 and $5.00 values. %
; bination of color as red and black, blue and black, ~ m JT :5
'¦ black and white, etc., will be offered at special sale Op&ffln§f D&yS $sg^ *
by the big store to-day and Saturday only, instead of the regu'ar O/RT^* SliifS atitl ClO&lfS '*
i P rice ' 5° ca P air ......... . ¦ OC The grandest display of Imported and Model SrJlf' **
! . - * naws nf Gs»l*» Gowns and Coats that we have ever made — __-JZ§T -J
. 43§&i L3ST UajfS O¥ &ate magnificent creations from the, most famous Paris - n
*i~ ' W*t\ F/len'G Fall SuitS and Vienna Modistes.. Hundreds of critical v,,* n^^g^^^. 5
! ' • ./ #£ V&*?%) m~. «.^« r «.-» people who have visited'the department this week /' •< Jr'g&Z- $^^*/?!"1 -2
W'-r^tMA SS'SO and &13.5O say they have never seen more beautiful gowns 5
y-^M^^k You cannot afford to miss this a " d coatJ lh j n the ; e /"•_ . o J K^^ ; f^W x
: f y//- iMMiMh opportunity if you need a new ImportedandModelGowiis$8 5 to$6oo Wf^Jfe? 5
Fall Suit; these garments are the Imported and Novelty Cloth Coats /I I \ \rpj% '%.
J^<mM^J materials and styles for the com- $45.00 to $300.00 \ ' //^i ;5
W^W^B ing season, brand new goods, New Fail Waists- a /U> /^ggj ' ;?:
¦Pr/kiW %%£r^ £ 1 j r- just brcn oprn-d. Triev are n-it.y tucked, pleated and ////T^S^ <t
wMi'-MwilM perfectly CUt and made in a IirSt- ittched, with full French sleeves and adjustable collars. '>**' . S
W'li ' cIass m^ nner °y some of the best Wc havc thcm in bluc ' p5nk ' gr " n ' rrd » black > cream " d whlte ' cn nn&e from :l
f]a^^^0v^ c 1 - manufacturing wholesale tailors Q8c io $ 2 * 75 -J
T^m&ffeV I in the East. Their high qualities and ster.ing Novelty Silk WalstS- Charming creationi in the new black and colored *Uks,erqr« V
!."l' , it t 1 i- and Inaia ailk, inch as will be worn this Fall ani Winter. The styles are many and varied, and ."
vaiues are guaranteed by our money-back policy. ; an of dainty evening shad=J wiU be fouund in the coUecdon. Pric range from 55.00, $6. ? b, §
Single or DoubJe-Brcasted Sack Coat Suits — Fall 1903 Worsted?, Cheviots, Cassrmeres and S7. >o to 5>7. 50, and are much lower than you wouM expect to pay for the stylts lad quality, jj
Scotch Mixtures, $12.50 and $15.00 values, until closing time Saturday n'ght . . $8*50 A Charming GOWSt $57m50-M*&e of very fine noreltr suiting, the froclc coat Jt
. Single or Double-BreaUed Sack Suits— Just manufactu ei for- Fall and Winter 1903, fine linei throughout with beaut ful charigeab'e taffeta, the new triple ihouMer cape effect, and »J
fabrics In fancy effects or colors, $17.50 to $20.00 values, until cloning time Saturday p pleated trcnt and back, skir: unlined, an e'egantly modeled and splendidly ta : lared tuit, worth
night ;. . . - &11.5O fully j6;.oo, he -e for S57.SO £
Three Big Values in Butter Sale New Fall Hosiery :*
Rmf*z* GinthaBtn Liquor Specials lor Women S
E5Ujf& ZrMVMffBBffBBJ Ta-Dav and Saturday Ladies' fast black Lamb's wool Hose—Merino heels and 5
; BOYS' Suits— For »g« 8 to 14 years; new Fall fabrics and Y Y toes; a superior guaranteed quality, per pair . .25p i
! patterns, with double-breasted or Norfolk Jackets Best Creamery Butler— That fine quality Ladies* Cashmere Hose— P^c woo!, fast black, plain jj
• 33m45 that we aavays offer at special sale; black with merino heel and toe, plain black merino sole, #
«* * regular size squares, to-day and Sat- or ribbed black with merino sole; pair. . . . 50 C «
! Boys' Russian Blouse Suits— Ages ztf to 7 >"», in al - urd on ] y .¦ . ... 1 . 43 c Ladies' heavy Ueeccd, lined Maco Cotton Hose— Double %
wool Serges and Cheviots, navy, royal, red, brown and -»ww nce ' s an{ j s O - cs . pa ij. O*»*» *
: f^ncy pip to«bo^ p, nt!! b»»ndj g o«cn |^|||g|| «J ChUa^fa.tbi^ ,W .^i, (p w\**£ |
U P • • • • W*b%9O • S2o hose — DoubiC knee, merino heel and tee, sizes 5 to 9; £
; Boys' Long Pants Suits— For ages 12 to 19 years; all- woo. Cutter Whiskey— Regularly 9 cc ; bottle . .76o P a5r . 25c &
biuc cheviots and fancy mixtures, exceptional value Reij | mg or Sauterne— 75c kind; gaUon.. SSc Children's fast black, ixi ribbed, pare cashmere hose, jr
at . . . . • $5mOO Old Holland Gin— Hague; bottc . . . 65o doab'e knee, merino heel and toe, sizes 5 to 9; r 35o $IT is evident that Mayor Schmitz spoke by the card
when he informed the Republican pa^ty of San
Francisco that he proposed to be the nominee
of the Union Labor party, but would let Republicans
vote for him on certain conditions which he pro
posed to dictate. His absolute leadership of the
convention of his party was affirmed by his appear
ance before it on Wednesday night. Apparently all
factions are under his feet and he has aroused such
a lively expectation of personal benefits to come
from his second administration that every personal
ambition among his people is the servant of his
purpose.
THE MAYOR'S SPEECH.
In the exhibit which California will make of
her vast natural and acquired resources at the St.
Louis exposition special attention will be given to
a display of our woods. In this field we should
particularly make a favorable impression, as there
is practically no question that we are the peer of
all American States in the variety of our woods.
Several soldiers and petty officers of the German
army have been arrested on a charge of selling some
of the army secrets of the Kaiser. Men involve them
selves in serious trouble sometimes for very little or
nothing.
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Fire Destroys a Shingl© Mill.
ST. HELENS, Ore., Sept. 3.-Nordby
& Olson's shingle and saw mill at Rainier
was destroyed by fire last night. The
fire started in the dryhouse and spread
to the mill. The shingle mill had a ca
pacity of 120,000 shingles a day and em
ployed thirty-five or forty hands. One
million two hundred thousand shingles
were also destroyed. The loss Is about
$15,000.
Town*end's California glace fruits and
candles. 6Cc a pound. In artistic fire
etched boies. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St., above Call bldg. •
As stated by the Secretary the productive capacity
of the American people is now equal to about $11,000,
006.000 annually. Of the total product we export
about $1,500,000,000 and import about $1,000,000,000
of merchandise, mainly non-competitive with our
home products. We therefore consume about 95 per
cent of all that we produce, and it is upon that fact
-our prosperity is largely based. It follows as an
easy deduction that if at any time we fail to consume
that large percentage of the annual domestic product
: we shall either have to find additional foreign mar
kets or undergo a period of over-production with the
consequent inevitable depression of industry. To
provide for obtaining foreign markets is therefore
one of the prime duties of the statesmanship of the
time.
Secretary Shaw put the case this way: The balance
\ of trade in our favor nearly equals and occasionally
exceeds that of all other favored nations on the map.
We sell $ 1, 000.000 .000 per annum to Europe and 20
per cent of the people of the world are consuming
about 75 per cent of our total exports. The United
Kingdom with only 3 per cent of the people of'the
worTd consumes about 40 per cent of our total sur
plus production. Those percentages of the world's
population cannot be relied upon to take always 75
iper cent of our increasing surplus product and ac
cordingly it is a plain business duty to begin to look
. .out" for new markets.
Having thus stated the problem the Secretary went
on to say there have been three solutions proposed.
• Free traders recommend that we open our markets to
foreigners in the hope that the foreigners will return
'the compliment and open their markets to us. Reci
procity men suggest the adoption of a system of
'. international treaties by which, through an exchange
of; courtesies, we can get something from the foreign
er by giving something in return. Neither of those
• solutions can be accepted, for by following either
. we should have to give more than we receive and lose
" more than we gain. However valuable foreign mar
• kets may be, the home market is better.
To the third solution — tnat of expanding our for
"cign markers by building up our merchant marine—
' the Secretary turns and finds it to be the only one
acceptable. He says: "If we ever secure the trade
• cf the countries to which I have referred, we will
[ first secure regular lines of communication with these
. countries, and if we ever secure these lines assistance
must be afforded. Do not^misunderstand me. I am
[not mourning the defeat of any ship subsidy bill, but
.1 shall mourn exceedingly the defeat of a bill, if any
such shall ever be introduced, which, if enacted, would
• insure regular lines of American ships, flying the
American flag and carrying American merchants and
commercial travelers with their wares and merchan
dise, the product of American labor, into those coun-
. tries to which I have referred. Such a bill must offer
special advantages to ships plying between our ports
and countries where our trade is undeveloped."
Such is the conclusion of the argument. Secretary
Shaw says the establishment of lines of merchant
vessels is "the only method" by which we shall ever
. get our share of the commerce of the wcrld. It is
: the method of oar rivals and we must adopt it or
lote the • ,
: Solid as are the foundations of prosperity and
' bright as arc the prospects ahead, the situation is
•by no means as good as it might be. Just as our
-. .financial conditions could be improved by an elastic
• currency, so our industrial and commercial condi
•tipns could be improved by the development of a deep
' sea merchant marine capable of extending and ex
..panding our foreign trade. THe two things then
•which we need at the present time in the way of
. national legislation arc a currency reform bill and a
• merchant marine bill. Each is important and each
should be provided at the coming session of Con
• gress.
: . • Financially the condition of the country is sound,
ind the only defect is a lack of elasticity in the cur
: tcricy. ' The prosperity of trade and industry is as
"safe, apparently, as is the national treasury- The
iSecretary does not hesitate to say that there ex
• ists. no element of immediate danger in any part
-of our complex business machinery, and that if any
• panic or depression comes it will be due solely to
•some aberration of the public mind; or as the Sec
retary puts it: "If disaster comes it will be psycho
. .logical -and not logical. The microbe, if it exists, is in
the mind and net elsewhere."
s-y ECRETARY SHAW, in his address at Chicago
before the National Association of Merchants
. Vfcrf/ an( j Tra\ - elers, presented a review not only ot
•our finances, but of our foreign commerce as well.
The speech, therefore, is one of the most notable
:ihai has been made of late by a member of the Cab
"ij>et. and - will command the attention of the entire
¦¦"business world.
GILROY, Sept. 3.— William Faunze. a
German aged 48 years, was overcome by
the heat and died yesterday afternoon
while picking prunes at Rucker. Faunze
formerly conducted a hardware store at
Chlco. Financial reverses reduced him
to poverty and a week ago he came to
Rucker in search of work.
Heat Causes Laborer's Death.
THE ONLY METHOD.
MANILA, Sept. 3.— Gabriel Gabea. a
native living on the island of Leyte. sued
Major Edwin F. Glenn of the Fifth In
fantry some months aga for 15.000 pesos
damages for false imprisonment, Gabca
having been arrested by order of Major
Glenn on suspicion of aiding the Samar
insurgents. Gabea has how come for
ward with an offer, made through Gov
ernor Taft. that if Major Glenn will ad
mit that his imorisonment as an Insur
gent f ympathlzer was a. mistake he (Q*
bta) will at once withdraw the damaee
suit. This offer was very promptly de
clined by Major Glenn'.
I>eclines Offer of a Compromise,
SAN JOSE, Sept. 3.-M183 Eugenie
Veuve and J. Roy Phelps, two popular
young people of this city, were married
In Ban Francisco this afternoon. The
wedding occurred at St. Agnea Church
and was witnessed by only immediate
friends and relatives. Mr. and Mrs. Nor
man Kooser of San Francisco attended
the couple. A short time ago Mr. and
Mrs. Kooeer were married, and Miss
Veuve and Mr. Phelps stood up with
them, and the agreement was made then
that they would attend the couple mar
ried to-day.
The bride is one of the best known
young ladles of the Garden City. She Is
the daughter of the late Alclde Veuve, a
former County Recorder of this city, and
Mrs. Virginia Veuve. Mr. Phelps is -the
manager of the insurance department in
the office of T. C. Barnett, and prominent
In lodge and social circles. Mr. and Mrs.
Phelps will spend their honeymoon at
Lake Tahoe.
Miss Eugenie Veuve Becomes Wife
of J. Roy Phelps at St.
Agnes Church.
G-ARDEN CITY COTJPLE •
WEDDED, IN THIS CITY
REDDING, Sept. 3.— John Leveck and
Joe Bember have encountered the lost
pay chute in the old Maddux mine, near
Whisky town, and they are now consider,
ably elated over the splendid showing 1
that has just been made in this famous
mine, on which they have a working
bond.
The Maddox mine is 6ituated on Mad
dox Creek, a branch of Whisky Creek,
and Is about five miles from Whisky
town. Operations began on the property
twenty-five or thirty years ago, and the
original locator of the claim took out
over $10,000 in three days, using an old
fashioned horse arrastra. The chute was
encountered In a drift sixty feet In on the
lower level and 600 feet below the apex,
which is S00 feet below the old workings
of the mine. The ore carries an average
value of $600 per ton and the body Is ex
tensive, the pay chute averaging over
two feet In width.
Shasta County Men Reported to Have
Hade a Discovery Hear
. Whiskytown.
PAY CHUTE IS FOUND
IN THE MADDOX MINE
The capture of the peace congress is looked upon
as a part of the general Socialistic propaganda which
is now progressing in all parts of the East and which
has become strong enough to constitute a genuine
political force in New England, New York, Pennsyl
vania, New Jersey and Illinois. In reviewing their
work the Philadelphia Public Ledger says: "The prop
agandists work chiefly among the laboring men, es
pecially in the mining and manufacturing centers;
they do not confine their efforts of perversion to
the ordinary political campaign periods, but main
tain their pernicious activity throughout the year,
holding small meetings or pressing their opinions
upon little groups of workingmen, or even seeking
out individual voters to induce them to accept the
Socialistic creed. Latterly they have carried cam
paigning into the agricultural districts, sending their
spellbinders to the farmers' social gatherings to dis
seminate their doctrine."
There is no danger of a Socialistic triumph in any
American Sfate, but the cult may become as danger
ous at some time as did the cult of Populism during
the hard times that followed the panic of 1893. The
growth of the new party is therefore a matter of
serious portent, for American conservatism may
some day have to reckon with it when it will have
the support 'of all the discontented radicals of the
big cities and be a formidable foe.
As a result of the new influence in the conference
the subjects of discussion were in many instances
of a kind utterly unknown at former peace conven
tions. Among them were "The Single Tax," "Indus
trial Peace" and kindred topics that suggest domes
tic politics rather than international peace. It was
noted also that just outside the entrance of the park
where the sessions of the congress have been held
for years there was painted on a mammoth boulder
set in the hillside above the heads of all passers along
the road the bold inscription "Socialism is Coming."
A report of the proceedings as a whole says: "The
session was marked by the advent of a large number
of speakers of the Socialist cule and the trend of
thought was at times distinctly Socialistic."
Popular interest in the development of Socialism
among the universal peace advocates is due to the
fact that of late years the growth of Socialism in
many of the Eastern States has been sufficiently not
able to give the voters of that creed a marked influ
ence in politics. In some States the Socialists hold
the balance of power in many municipalities and
have been able to elect a good many candidates for
important offices. By reason of these demonstra
tions of strength nearly everything that tends to
throw light on the growth or the purposes of the
Socialist organization is studied with no little care
by practical politicians as well as by sociologists.
Hence the interest displayed in the reports of the
appearance of Socialistic orators among the leaders
of the peace convention.
AS a rule the annual convention of the universal
peace congress does not attract much atten
tion outside of the narrow circle of those who
fondly believe that by holding conferences and adopt
ing resolutions they can stay the mad spirit of war
and bring about the disbandment of armies and the
abolition of navies. This year, however, the meet
ing of the convention at Mystic, Connecticut, has been
found interesting for a peculiar reason. It seems the
convention was virtually captured by Socialists and
converted into a Socialistic conference.
SOCIALISTS IN THE EAST.
Mr. Cronk was born In Essex County.
New York, and came to California. In the
early days. He first settled In the Salinas
Valley, where he engaged in farmlngr.
Subsequently he removed to Hixlwood
City and for twenty years successfully
conducted a livery business. He wan
married In San Jose to Miss Mary I*.
Scott. His two children are Miss Evelyn
and James S. Cronk. The latter was
elected Constable In the last campaign.
REDWOOD CITY, Soft. 3.-SamuelII.
Cronk. a pioneer resident of thla city,
died early this morning from heart dis
ease. He had been In the best of health
until the present year, during which he
failed rapidly.
Samuel H. Cronk, Well Known in
San Mateo County, Dies at
His Home. : .-..
PIONEER OF REDWOOD
PASSES TO HIS PJEST
• FRIDAY SEPTEMBER 4, 1903
JCHH D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor. #
• V/c<rtr» All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manafler.
V . TELEPHONE.
: Ask lor THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
y You With the Department You Wish.
•TCBLICATIOX OFFICE. . .Market and Third. S. F.
.-. EDITORIAL, HOCUS 217 to 221 StevemoB ft.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
: ¦ T«nn§ by M*M. Including PoiUre (Cwh With Order):
' DAILY. CALL (lncludlnc Sunday). on« year "?*«!»
, . DAIZ-T CALL <lndu<31nr Sunday). « mouth*^ +£*'
¦ DAILT CALL— By Single Month ok«
- FTTXOAT CAL.U O» Teax ?*^A
• , WEEKLI CALL, Cm* Tear x ' w
f Datlr... $S.8O Per Tear Extra
• . -FOREIGN POSTAGE i Bunfiay.. 4.15 Per Tear Extra
I Weekly.. 1.OO Per Tear ExUa
• • All roftmaiten «re aclhorlxed to receive
y i>ob«crl plion*.
• . SampU copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall eubecriberi In crflerlr.r change or address should be
'¦¦ particular to dve bcth NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance wttli their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE!.
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
" - . DEIIKELCV OFFICE.
.' 2148 Center Street Telephone 3Vorth 77
" -C. GEORGE lOlOGXESS. Manaffer Forelfrn AdTtr.
.ildlnu, .Mnrqnette, nniltlinp. CblcaKO.
" . (Less Distance Telephone "Central 2618.") .
' . -: WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
"HOBTOX E. CKASE 14OO G Street. N. W.
IIRASCH OFFICES 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
• - • ¦ urtil 8:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open unul 9:30 o'clock. 633
. " "McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
*' • »:80 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
'¦ Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1093 Va
• • " lencia. open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NE. corner Church and Duncan streets, open
until 9 o'clock. NV\'. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky.
. • "' open until 0 o'clock. ?200 Fillmore. open until 9 o'clock.
Among the revelations in the investigation of the
failure of the Eppingers is a startling one which
shows that in the affairs of the defunct firm barley,
by some mysterious Influence and manipulation, was
changed instantly into wheat. VVnd in the slow but
inevitable, unrelenting progress of legal prosecution,
this wheat is now throwing ominous shadows of
prison cells. ¦
General Leonard Wood, now resident at
Zamboauga, who has Just completed the
organization of the governing counc.l, re
ports a feeling of unrest among ' he na •
tive inhabitants of the Moro province, and
upon his request an additional battery
has been dispatched from M villa to
strengthen the forces now und«r his c«;m
n>and.
MANILA. Sept. 3.— Tne I^esc's'.atlvo
Council for the Moro province has been
organized in accordanc? with the bill re
cently enacted by the Philippine Commis
sion providing for the government of the
Moios, This council is compose'! of a.
Govetncr, Secretary. Treasurer. Engineer.
Attorney and Superintendent of School?.
The province will now be within the juris
diction oJ the Philippine courts &n<l ccn
etabulcrj". the Moro laws beln? recog
nised wher. not rn direct conflict with
American laws.
TACOMA, Sept. 3.— The Belli ngham Bay
and British Columbia Railroad has agreed
to pay $5000 to the discoverer of the pass
through the Cascades through which the
road will pass In building: Its Spokane
extension, now under construction. The
chief value of the pass is that It Is lower
than either Stampede Pass, used by the
Northern Pacific, or Stevens Pass, by
which the Great Northern crosses the
Cascades. The company has paid the dis
coverer of the pass $500, and is to pay
the balance, when the surveys prove ab
solutely that it is lower than any pass
now used by transcontinental lines.
D. O. Mllla, P. B. Cornwall and Alvinsa
Ilayward are reported" to be greatly
pleased with the knowledge that their
lino will have th« lowest arrade though
the Cascades, as well as the shortest line
between Spokane and tide water on ?u
trot Sound.
IX5S ANOELESl Sept. 3\— Figures coin-;
pilod from records kppt by the' local in
ternal revenue officer Rhow that ' the
sweet wine output for Southern Callfor*
nia for the season of 1933 will exbec'i
1,300.000 callor.s. The output of brandy
is estimated at 40.000 gallons, tax paid, and
250.000 gallons free .of tax for fortifying
purposes. The prape crop is estimated to
be fully' CO per cent heavier this season
than it ¦*-»» 1» 1*2. Prices for grapes
range from $12 to *1S per ton.
The general public are the victims of these condi
tions. Unfortunately the law is throttled by misuse
in the hands of the officers elected to administer it.
In Oakland a non-union lineman was murderously
beset by a dozen cowardly strikers and in defense of
his life drew a pistol. His assailants, who had broken
the law in threatening and attacking him, caused his
arrest for defending himself and a police magistrate
fined him with the alternative of imprison
ment. Now,, in morals this is just the same as if
a gang of highwaymen beset a man to murder him,
as an incident of robbery, and when driven off by a
pistol ask the court to punish their intended victim
for defending himself.
The punishment inflicted by the magistrate is
a direct incitement to further violation of the law.
One young man lies in an Oakland hospital nearly
beaten to death in broad daylight by a gang of strik
ers because he stood upon his right to work for
whom he pleased. The owners of buildings upon
which there may be a plexus of, telephone wires are
told by strikers that they are sent by the company to
see to repairs. Gaining admission to the roof by this
deception they cut the wires and disuse all the tele
phones in that part of the system. Their presence
on the building is a trespass and cutting the wires
is a felony and the general public suffers the con
sequences. These things mean anarchy and it is the
odium of official authority that by such decisions
as that of the Oakland police magistrate the protec
tion of the law is removed from those who obey
the law and its violators are encouraged in their
defiance. Not only in loss and inconvenience does
the general public suffer, for its interests are endang
ered by having passionate and criminally disposed
men taught that the law cannot restrain them.
.One need not seek far afield for the motive of the
police magistrate. He is catering for votes. He has
no fear of the great unorganized middleman, who for
lack of organization does not know what hurts him,
but only knows that he is hurt. Let Oakland have
such an organization as the Fort Brajjg League with
votes far outnumbering those of the law breakers
and their sympathizers and its members bound by an
obligation to enforce the law against all violators,
and the same vote-sniping magistrate will find that it
is to his interest to be mindful of his oath and so en
force the law as not to encourage its violation:
One significant and hopeful sign is that in Fort
Bragg many members of labor unions have joined
this citizens' league. They are men with families,
with hostages given for law and order, who' have no
sympathy with felony and misdemeanor and hold their
American citizenship above all other things.
Its attention is turned first to the suppression of
lawlessness in labor strikes. The whole country is
getting aroused by the conditions of anarchy which
are a feature in every labor strike. Reckless men
play upon the passions of strikers and they lose the
sense of discrimination between right and wrong.
After that chaos and crime follow. The incidents of
the long pending linemen's strike are such as could
be effectively dealt with by such a league. The law
has so far proved powerless to protect the persons of
workmen who, in pursuance of their legal rights,
have taken the place of the strikers, and the law is
equally inefficient in protecting the property of the
telephone company.
When President Roosevelt took up the settlement
of the coal strike he declared that his motive was the*
need of asserting the rights of non-combatants, the
people who were not coal miners nor coal operators,
but the consumers of coal as one of the necessaries of
life. Standing in the matter as the representative
of that class, which far outnumbered the embattled
parties to the direct controversy, he was able to se
cure an impartial arbitration, which seems to be the
beginning of the settlement of many important is
sues involving individual rights and independence.
The Fort Bragg League carries out the President's
idea and proposes by organization to combine the
power of the general public and to use it in vindica
tion of the law and project it even into politics if
need be, in the assertion of the common rights of
THE man in the middle has concluded to defend
himself in the conflict between labor and capital
in which he is getting all the kicks and cuffs
from both sides. At Fort Bragg the constantly re
curring controversies, in the lumber camps have dis
turbed trade and disorganized business to such an ex
tent that the general public has concluded to defend
itself, assert its interests and combine to take care
of them.
BIG REWARD
FOR FINDING A
MOUNTAIN PASS
MOROS AGAIN
THREATENING TO
MAKE TROUBLE
HEAVY WINE :¦
OUTPUT IN THE V
SOUTHLAND
paying for it himself, and of course the public will
bitterly resent the thing unless it can be satisfac
torily explained as an effort on the part of Sir Thomas
to raise the wind for his yacht at a time when she
needed it. Lipton, however, can with some show of
justice ask his countrymen to pay the jam tax with
contented hearts since he has left the price of tea
as it was and placed no tax on the cup that cheers
at a moment when It is the only thing British that
has a cheer left in it.
THE FORT BRAGG LEAGUE.'
THE SAN FE ANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1903.
The modern fallacy that the age of miracles has
passed has. been exploded. There was a train wreck
in Colorado a few days ago and no one was hurt
Caleb Powers must hang for the murder of Gov
ernor Gocbel. After two trials in which he escaped
death he demanded a third only to be sentenced to
die. His reflections on the wisdom of letting well
enough alone ought to be instructive.
to afford a breakfast.
The suggestion that Lipton raised the price of jam
for the purpose of recouping his losses on his yacht
ing ventures is natural, but is hardly well founded.
Lipton is a true sport. He took to yachting for
joy and for glory, for the delight of meeting Ameri
can sports on the deep, blue sea and sailing a swift
race o'er the ocean wild when the salt wind whistles
free and the jolly, jolly mariners lead a strenuous life
of song and plum duff. He did not take to yachting
to raise the price of jam. Doubtless he looks with
sincere sorrow upon the coincidence that has brought
the rise in jam just at the^ moment when his yacht
was defeated and the jam eating Britons should sym
pathize with him rather than to swear at him from
jamless jaws.
How many jars of jam the Lipton factories turn out
has not been stated, but the jars must be numerous
and a penny a jar means a big sum. The contrast
between the amount and the yacht is the more strik
ing because just at this time the yacht seems like
thirty cents. Surely it was for no such yacht as the
defeated Shamrock III that Sir Thomas Lipton has
slipped on the lipped jam jars of England a tax
of a penny a jar.
Had the Shamrock won the raise in the price of
jam would have been accepted by Britain as but a
just tribute to the victorious challenger, the winner
cf the glorious cup, but as it is, the increase in the
price comes like'a blow upon a cheek already sore.
It looks as if the defeated sport were trying to make
his fellow countrymen pay for his whistle instead of
LIPTON has failed to lift the cup, but he has
raised the price of jam, and now throughout the
British Isles there is lamentation and woe. A
breakfast without jam is almost as unknown in Old
England as a breakfast without beans in New Eng
land and as a consequence the added penny to the
price of a jar jars well nigh every family that is able
LIPTON'S JAM TAX
These conditions have appealed to his astute
ness in politics. He wrote his Republican letter
when his own party was in a faction fight. His
speech to his convention was made over the dead
body of faction and its inspiration was quite different
from that of his letter. In that speech he said:
"There have been several efforts to divide this party.
There have been well meaning individuals who
thought the Labor Union party was not to be per
petuated and that probably it would be better to fuse
with one of the old parties," and there he stopped,
leaving it to be understood that fusion, indorsement
or any make or meddle with the old parties had been
pushed out of focus. This indicates that he feels
no need of Republican tonic and that he is con
scious of ample strength to go ahead without it.
Republicans are not much given to fusion any
way, nor to indorsement of candidates nominated
by others, and we are sure that they would rather
prefer, if the necessity seem great enough, to origin
ate a common movement to oppose a united front
of San Francisco citizenship to Mayor Schmitz, than
kneel to him on his own terms. -
6
Next Sunday Call's Art Supplement. I
Here is the majesty of power, the very sublimity of personal grandeur, jj
the physical dominance, the keen, eternal watchfulness, the calm superiority of [ j
the jungle. In the original this picture is such a masterpiece of color that it «.'}
is a shame, a positive impertinence, to attempt to reproduce it by any other |j
process but the original. As an art creation it is world famous, not merely \\
because the animals are drawn with such wonderful fidelity to life, but be- f I
cause of that other and far more difficult art — the art of reproducing the f ]
tawny hue of the "King of Beasts" in all its rich splendor. H
Go to any zoo where a lion is to be seen and study him for yourself. Try } j
then to imagine yourself making a picture of him without losing any of that i j
latent force that creeps in every muscle beneath that smooth, glossy hide, and \*
you will understand what not only the artist who painted this picture has 1 1
done, but what the lithographer who reproduced this especially for the Sunday ||
Call's picture" supplements has done ever so much better, and that is to show i|
• \- "Leo and Leonora" in all those rare, yellow, pale brown and tan tints which | j
nature has so cunningly blended into the most perfect skin worn by any beast 1 1
of the forest. \ j
But it is not alone in the coloring that this picture is so attractive. It is \ j
indeed more for the sentiment that pervades it that the painting has become I
so famous. There is a message for loveTS. While his mate sleeps, he keeps M
guard that, her slumbers 'may be undisturbed.' And "Leonora," secure in the N
strength, the' eternal mastery of "Leo's" protection, slumbers in the peace of • U
perfect security. Just look at those eyes. Therein is the light of menace U
against which who would dare intrude? I)
But as has been said before, this reproduction in half-tone gives abso- »
lutely no idea what the colored copies are like. Suitably framed, and this ["
picture cannot be outdone. Watch for it. You get it free with the next Sun- |
dW Ca " -FBEE Wmi NEXT SUNDAY CALL™
Frames for "Leo and Leonora" Supplement. I I
I "Leo and Leonora," framed closely with four-inch n
Dutch Oak Shadow Box. Glass to go over lining, (size f
Iixi6 inches), will make a handsome picture. . t
TRAIN NEWS AGENTS AND ALL NEWSDEALERS SELL THE CALL
Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents. [
I THEY ARE FRAMING THE CALL ART SUPPLEMENTS 1 1
a I ThB Following Art Dealers Ate Making a Specialty of Framing Call Art Supplements: 1
S •?&£«££¦ s. cutout., i. M £»Wo. w. H.u. JffiiSii555S£ Ek - B ., EB j
£ ten & Son. «?~& „ Tw , » «-J?if! H, « REDWOOD CITT-W L KH«.
¦i STOCKTON-Morris Bros.' book ALAMEDA-C. P. Magagnea. 133! SANTA CRUZ-H E frta? Caak. I
•tore. .20 North El Dorado atreet; Park street Bro... F. R. Hew Qeor J HoL.^ P
Stockton Racket Btore, 711 East Main CHICO-Fetter* & Williams. JACKSON^E q'. Freeman <£ -YOUNG WOMAN WHO WILL.
BECOME A BRIDE ON AD
MISSION DAY.
Lundy carries largest stock 18-k. plain
rings in the city. 4 Third street •
Have you ever inquired the cost of a
gas range? Better call and see our prices.
San Francisco Gas and Electric Co. •
LEPPKOISKI'S STRANGE ACTIONS.—Ap
pearing at the Central Emergency Hospital
yesterday with a bag full of odds and ends
and declaring that his family desired to poison
him Frederick I>ppkoiski was detaln<>d and
pl&ced in a ward pending Inquiry Into his men
til condition.
A garden party under tho auspices of
the societies connected with the Church
of St. Charles Borromeo will be held this
afternoon and evening in the convent
grounds, at the corner of Eighteenth and
Howard streets. The party is under the
direction of the Rev. Father Looney and
the members of the Gentlemen's Sodality,
assisted by the lady members of the par
ish. : . ¦.. . i ¦- ¦* ¦¦¦¦:. :*i«*'
Arrange a Garden Party.
WOODLAND, Sept. 3.— Lorin A. Weis
who shot and killed Charles I lodge- at
Knights Landing August 23, was this aft
ernoon held bv Justice Shannon of
Knights Landing to answer beforo the
Superior Court on a charge of murder.
Weis entered the crowded courtroom be
tween two Deputy Sheriffs, who had rea
son to fear an outbreak, as there had
been threats aaainst Weis, but no dem
onstration was made.
Fears of Deputies Unfounded.
Nine Tacoma men bought these claims
last year, putting about* 12000 each into
the pooL They now secure over $l$,000
each, the price paid by Saun-lers being
nearly $100,000. , v
TACOMA, Sept. 3.— Cole Saunders, a
mining man of Sacramento, haa this week
completed the purchase from a syndicate
of Tacoma men of important mining
property at Ora Fino, sixteen miles from
Yreka, Siskiyou County, Cal. The prop
erty comprises seven claims, thorough
prospecting- of wWch has shown results
of $33 in free gold and J303 per ton for
concentrates from an average of twenty
six assays.
Tacoma Syndicate Disposes of Prop
erty in the Neighborhood
of Yreka.
MINES IN SISKIYOTJ
SOLD TO SACRAMENTAN
Camp Vacation Is still open and will remain
open till September 30. At no time ha« the
climate been more deliithtful than it is now
along the Russian River, from Korcstville to
Guernevll'.e to Camp Vacation— these latter
months of the year being. In fact, the preferred
months.
There Is boating all along and between
Guerneville and Camp Vacation, four miles hi
a stretch. The water is Just right for bathing
and black bass are freely caught. The nifc-hts
are lovely and \ enice never furnished any
pleasure greater than is experienced here In
the evening gently gilding In a boat over the
placid waters of the river above the dam
The trains of the California Northwestern
Ry. will continue running direct to the Camp
till the end of the month. Take boat at Tibu
ron Ferry. •
Camp Vacation.
The newly elected officers of the Press
Club of San Francisco were Installed last
night. They are: James S. Tyler, presi
dent; Elmore C. Lefflngwell, vice presi
dent; Royden Williamson, secretary; J.
A. Carey, treasurer: Howard E. Morton,
librarian; directors— II. L. Baggerly, Ben
jamin Benjamin, Alpheus Dlxon, Hale
Patlglan, W. G. Zeigler. J. T. Waldorf.
The installation was effected in the
jinks room of the club. During the cere
mony numerous steins were emptied and
"corncobs" smoked, and when tho busi
ness of the evening was performed
speeches were made. The remarks were
interesting and Instructive and of a na
ture that showed that the members of
the club, both active and associate, were
of one mind where the welfare of the or
ganization was concerned. The reports
of the retiring officers, which were read,
ehowed that the club was sound finan
cially and socially one of the best or
ganizations of Its kind in the country.
Pleasant Evening Passed by News
' paper Men in Their Ellis-
Street Clubrooms.
NEW OFFICERS OF PRESS
CLUB ARE INSTALLED
SACRAMENTO, Sept 3.— Martin Kruc
kovich, who came here from San Fran
cisco to attend the State ''air, stabbed
himself ten times in the throat early this
morning, while lying on a city dump pile,
where he spent the night. He had over
$100 in his pockets. He claims he could
not get a room or anything to eat be
cause of the crowded condition of the
city and grew despondent. He will re
cover. - -.
SEEKS DEATH BECAUSE*
HOTELS WERE CROWDED
San Franciscan With Abundant Coin
Tries to End Life in Sac
ramento.
First Lieutenant Alfred Clifton is in
charge of a party of eight men which
started north this week on the Etcamshlp
Ohio to install the plant. He says that
the line of communication will ba made
to work this winter if it is in the power
of men to do so. One pole, 200 feet high.
Is to be erected en Safety hurbor and
a similar pole at St. Michael. It lia im
possible to run a line directly Into Nome
on account of a mountain 60<.i feet high
between Nome and Safety harbor.
TACOMA, Sept. 3.— A determined effort
Is to be made by the Government this
winter to give Nome communication with
the outside world. On account of ice In
winter the cable under Norton Sound
proved a failure, so now an attempt will
be made to install a wireless system that
will connect Nome with St. Michael and
from that i olnt connect wtth wires run
nin? to Puget Sound.
Government Sends an Expedition to
Make Connections With
the North.
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
MAY FLASH TO NOME
Before the danger was past, 400 acres
of the Yore and Mackey ranches had been
burned over. The danger to Campton
ville lay in the fact that the forest ends
at the very outskirts of the town. The
fire is now under control and unless a
high wind should spring up the people
have no further reason for fear.
The people of Camptonvllle turned out
in force and were Joined by settlers
throughout the section. Scores of men
worked for many hours building back
fires. At times the flames ran up high
in the pine trees and shot into the a!r
200 feet. It had been many years since
that section had been burned over and
there was a superabundance uf highly
inflammable material for the fire to feed
upon.
NEVADA CITY, Sept. 3.— A great fire
broke out in the forest at a point half
a mile above Camptonvllle to-day. For a
time it looked as though the town was
doomed. The flames sw^pt toward the
village and a'.so north In the direction
6i the Sleighville House, three miles
above Camptonville, where tho jtnges
change hordes.
Terrific Fire for a Time
Imperils Yuba Coun
ty Town.
The babyhood of animals is as full of
gayety and wonder as Is that of human
beings, and the larger and more won
derful the animal the more marvelous its
youth.
San Franciscans will soon have a chance
to see one of the most wonderful fea
tures ever got under a tent— a real baby
elephant, not yet four months old. It is
the star of Ringling Bros.' circus this sea
son and it is the first baby elephant ever
raised in the United States. It is full of
play and good spirits and is not yet any
higher than its mother's knee.
There are also a baby dromedary, a
baby kangaroo, lion and leopard cubs and
other young animals of jungle life in this
part of the circus.
Among the rare types of adult age are
two giraffes, a rhinoceros, a horned horse
and an eland. There are 108 dens in the
menagerie, which tent is almost as big
as the hippodrome canvas.. It will sent
12,000 people. The show carries 650 horses,
performing and draught, and there are
more than 1080 persons on the payrolls.
All of these will take part in one way or
another in the big parade next Monday
morning. The show will exhibit at Elev
enth and Market streets, where, begin
ning next Monday, two performances will
be given daily at 2 and 8 o'clock. Tick
ets may be secured at the downtown of
fice of Ringling Bros, at Sherman, Clay
& Co.'e, Kearny and Sutter streets, at
exactly the same prices at which they
are sold in the ticket wagons on the show
grounds. - '
'People of all races are interested in an-j
lmal life and for this reason jungle books
and jungle stories hold childhood with
the ppell of romance, but animal life it
self is more wonderful than books about
it.
For This Reason San Franciscans
Should See Ttinglings'
Young Elephant.
BABYHOOD OF ANIMALS
INTERESTS ALL RACES
To-morrow will b»? Knights of Pythias
day. In the motning there will* be a
l'attalion drill, to *be participated in by
companies of the Uniformed Rank,
Kr.ichts of Pythias, from different parts
the State. In the evening t3:ere will
be a street parade of all the local and
•visiting companies and subordinate lodges
the order. Excursions will be run
from various sections of the State and it
is expected hundreds of visitors will ac
company the outside companies and
lodges to this city.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 3.— There was an
increased attendance at the cavilion of
the State Agricultural Society to-night.
The special attractions were a high dive
and a Chinese baby ehow. To-morrow
night promises to be the banner night of
the f a ir at th? pavilion.
•Companies of the Uniformed Rank
Will Drill at Sacramento
To -Day.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
" , TO ATTEND THE FAIR
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 3.— The body of
the suicide found yesterday near San Ga r
briel Mission has not been identified and
there is little to indicate who the man
was. On his person were found papers
bearing the name of Charles H. Blake
and a carefully wrapped s»lip of paper
bearing the address of Mrs. Luella Helene
West, Covington, Ky. A press dispatch
from Cincinnati states that ho may have
been Benjamin J. West, formerly Super
intendent of Schools at Newport, Ky., but
there is nothing to show that he was
West. His appearance is such as to in
dicate that he was not a laborer, al
though he wore rough clothing. His
hands, were soft, showing that he had not
been accustomed to hard work. The body
will be kept as long as possible in the
hope that it may be identified.
CINCINNATI. Sept. 3— Dispatches re
ceived here say that a man supposed to
be Charles H. B'.ake of Cincinnati shot
himself near Los Angeles and that the
name of Luella Helene West of Coving
ton. Ky.. appeared on papers in his
pockets. No such name as Charles H.
Blake appears in the directory of Cin
cinnati or Covington or adjacent towns.
It Is thought the victim might be Ben
jamin J. ' West, formerly principal of
schools at Newport, Ky., who has been
traveling In Southern California, and that
Luella Helene West is his wife, but she
is not now in this locality and all ef
forts to identify the parties have failed.
Efforts to Ascertain Name of Man
Found Dead Near Los An
geles Fail.
MYSTERY STILL" VEILS
A SUICIDE'S IDENTITY
LONDON, Sept. 3.— The rate of discount
of the Bank of England was increased to
day from 3 to 4 per cent. The rise was
attributed mainly .to the withdrawal of
gold for repayment of the Netherlands
railroad loan and, to a lesser degree, to
the demands for gold from Berlin.
Bank of England Raises Rate.
* Prominent Resident of Big Valley,
in Lassen. Suffers Injury
and Agony.
. ' REDDING. Sept. 3.— After lying for
thirteen hours pinned down by a htavy
•¦'arm wagen on the boulders and ragged
rocks of Canyon Gulch, J. A. "Webb, a
i'-lg Vjilley farmer, at last succeeded In
attracting the attention of a passer-by
and was brought to the Redding Hospi
¦laL His right log was broken in two
places above the knee and he sustained
; severe Injuries and cuts about the head
ahd upper part of the body.
Webb started from Redding Tuesday
evening and drove over a twelve foot
. bank of Canyon Gulch. Th i horses and
wagon plunged into the rough creek bed
arid tee wagon pinned Webb in the bot
.tom of the g-ulch. He suffered great
i-g-ony and was almost dead when found.
¦\Vebb. is one of the most prominent farm
ers of the Big Valley section. He haa
.> r.e of the largest cattle and stock ranches
'.n Big Valley.
HEAVY WAGON CRUSHES
• -¦ A FARMER IN A GULCH
SETTLERS FIGHT
FOREST FLAMES
The church will be beautifully decorated
for the occasion and a wedding supper
and reception will follow the ceremony'.
Miss Ledyard is highly accomplished and
is a niece of Mrs. John A. Russell and
Miss Dorothy Bevans. She will be given
away by her uncle, I. L. Bevans, who has
been a clerk in the City Hall during the
past twenty years and enjoys uncommon
popularity.
THE wedding of Mips Virginia Rus
sell Ledyard of this city and Earl
L. Beeny of Oakland will take
place at Grace Episcopal Cathe
dral, Stockton and California
streets, on September 9 at 1 p. m.
The bride will have but one attendant.
Miss D< rothy Ledyard, her sister, who
was also bridesmaid to Mrs. George Web
ster (formerly Ada Russell). The groom
will have for his best man his brother,
George Beeny.
Miss Virginia Ledyard and
Earl Beeny Will Join
Hearts and Hands.
To-morrow morning a solemn high mass
will be celebrated in memory of the dead
priest by Bishop Conaty, assisted by
Fathers Casey. Nugent and Yorke of San
Francisco. To-morrow evening the body
will be sent to San Francisco. There the
remains will lie in state in St. Mary's
Cathedral for two days and a solemn
mass will be celebrated. From San Fran
cisco the party will proceed to New York
and thence to Ireland. Special memorial
services are to be held en route, in Chi
cago, New York, Cork, Ireland, and final
ly at Maynooth, where the remains will
be interred.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 3.— Arrangements
have been completed by the Gaelic
League for the removal of the remains of
the late Father Eugene O'Growney to the
burial ground of the College of May
noath. Ireland, where for many years
Father O'Growney was a professor.
Eugene O'Growney won a wide reputation
as an Irish scholar, especially for his ef
forts to revive the Gaelic language. He
died in this city from the effects of an
operation in 1S99. after having spent sev
eral years in Arizona in an effort to re
gain his health.
Body of Late Father O'Growney to
Lie in State in This
City.
REMAINS OF A PRIEST
WILL GO TO MAYNOOTH
It Is contended that nowhere could the
vast and important repairs be better done
than at Mare Island or In San Francisco,
and those who watch naval matters won
der why the cruiser was not sent directly
to these waters for overhauling.
As it was stated some little while ago,
so It Is now repeated that labor demands
have influenced the change in a strong
disposition which was at one period
ehown to have Government work done
in these parts. It has been conceded that
nowhere could more efficient or expedi
tious work be accomplished, yet the ru
mor is to the effect that the department
may even order the New York, after she
has undergone some very necessary min
or repairs at Bremerton, to the Atlantic
coast to undergo the repairs upon which
a small fortune must bo expended. In
the meantime the rivalry continues be
tween the respective navy yards of this
coast for the big and important work.
The cruiser Chicago has been exten
sively overhauled on the Eastern coast
and will shortly take her departure for
San Francisco to replace the New York
as flasrship on the Pacific station.
The extensive repairs to be effected on
the Cagshlp New York, now at Bremer
ton Yard, Puget Sound, are the theme
of much discussion at Mare Island and
among those connected with the ship
building interests of San Francisco. The
rivalry between Bremerton and Mare Isl
and for the contract to do the work has
become acute since the repairs to the fa
mous cruiser will cost over half a million
dollars.
BAN- JOSE. Sept. S. — James E, Jones,
night watchman at the Western Granite
and Marble Company, caused a sensation
In police circles to-day by 'declartnf that
"Red Shirt" Gordon, one of the Folsom
escapes, spent last night in San Jose.
The officers are inclined to doubt the
etory, but Jones maintains that he Is tell
ing the truth.
About 9 o'clock last night, according to
Jones, he met a stranger and became
chummy. They had a number of drinks
together and then spent the night carous
ing. fc
"Gordon," pays Jones, "Instated on pay
ing all the bills. He had taken a liking to
rse for some reason or other and we were
together until 3 o'clock this morning,
when I saw him take tha north-bound
freight train at the San Pedro street
depot. Just before we parted he showed
me two revolvers, one in each hip pocket,
nnd asked me to fork over what money
I had. I offered to divide, but he In
sisted' on having nil the 'money I pos
sessed. I then* handed him ?5, upon which
he informed mo that I had been enjoying
the company of 'Red Shirt* Gordon. 'Tell
Sheriff Langford,' said he, 'that I havo
gone to SallnaB.' "
At the time Jones thought the fellow
was fooling him about being the convict.
To-day, when shown Gordon's picture, he
declared that Iho man he was with last
night was none other than the escaped
convict. The officers, however, believe
Jones has been mnde the victim of a Joke.
They have been unable to find any traco
of the outlaw being in the citv.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Congressman Victor H. Metcalf arrived
at Mare Island to-day and met the heads
of the departments, learning from them
the wants and needs of the yard. He was
accompanied by Colonel D. P. Heap. U.
S. A., head of the United States engi
neers on the Pacific Coast, and Colonel
Heuer.. The chief object of the visit was
to learn of the proposed bulkhead on the
Vallejo s!de of the river. A thorough ln
rpection was made of the proposed
course.
It is now proposed by the company to
erect a bulkhead across the center of the
dock, pump It out and build up a water
tight portion. While this work Is In pro
gress It is intended to put in four timber
cribs, each 100 feet in length and 40 In
width. By this and other means the
company will endeavor to have the dock
in condition to proceed with the entire
structur-?.
VALLEJO. Sept. 3.— The Atlantic, Gulf
and Pacific Company, engaged in building
the new stone dock at the navy yard, has
met with a series of obstructions that
has placed the work at least 1 a year be
hind the date for completion. The diffi
culty at the present time is -the number
of leaks at the outer end of the excava
tion, making it Impossible to pump out
the same that the dock proper may be
proceeded with.
PACRA11ENTO, Sept. 3.— Governor Par
dee to-day commissioned Morton S.
Sayre as Judgo of the Superior Court of
Lake County to fill the unexpired term
of R. W. Crump, deceased.
Sayre. who is a Republican, was Crump's
opponent. Crump was a Democrat. Sayre
was formerly District Attorney of Lake
County.
Term of the Late R. W.
Crump.
Morton S. Sayre Will Fill Unexpired
Miner Murray was compelled to return
to El Dorado County, but before doing
so he deposited money In a Woodland
bank and authorized it to be drawn upon
for the purpose of providing his brother
with transportation and anything he may
need.* He said it is his desire to have his
brother live with him so that he may be
able to care for him the remainder of his
days.
Mat Murray is about 74 years of age.
He was located yesterday morning- on the
McCullough sheep ranch and informed of
the search for him. He will probably go
to Pleasant Valley Immediately.
¦ » »
GOVERNOR APPOINTS
JUDGE IN LAKE COUNTY
¦WOODLAND. Sept. 3.— T. A. Murray,
a well-to-do miner of Pleasant Valley,
came here a couple of days ago In quest
of a brother for whom he nas been search*
ingr for more than thirty years. "While
in Los Angeles recently he met ~a Wood
landite who Informed him that his long
lost brother was In the County Hospital
here.
Mat Murray is known to nearly every
man, woman and child in Woodland. For
many years' he- has been working in this
vicinity. Most of the time he has been
engaged in herding sheep. He has always
been open handed and generous hearted
and as a result has failed to lay by any
thing' for a rainy day.
A few weeks agd he was compelled to
go to the County Hospital on account of
sore eyes. He remained ten days, leav
ing on the 25th of August. When hl3
brotlier arrived he had been out of the
hospital a week and his whereabouts were
unknown.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
• It was th^n that Mrs. Lubbock started
. out on her search for the missing woman.
On several occasions she believed she had
'• found information that would lead to a
dlscovery. but was disappointed. She will
continue the search a while longer in the
hope, of locating the woman and telling
her of her mother's death and of the for-
Ipap that awaits her.
'.' Anna Johnson Is a ulster of Mr». Ellers,
;-**rtn\ \riih her husband, lived for many
, ' rears at Round Mountain. William
•-E«ct«, the prwfm«fft*r at Bound Mountain
rJow, in a pon. ICilerw an<1 his wlfn sepa
•ra.t<vj and Kiler* arid Anna Johnson left
if;la county together. Afterword Mrs.
nnprs dud tad since th«>n nothing has
• bee? heard from or of the former hue
• band and lister of the dead woman.
.. When Mrs. Jvimson died In Iowa an ef
fort was xr-ade to locate the daughter.
Soon after the death the relatives at O
. d.-jir Repirts received an anonymous letter
' from Pasadena saying that Anna Johnson
,'. Tva? living in that city. Mrs. Lubbork
.••*s"ro!f» to the postmaster at Pasadena. She
.. r*Teiyod the reply that Anna Johnson had
. «!ived there, but that she had moved to a
» town in Ohio. A letter was sent to the
•Ohio town and an answer was received.
. }t was slgTied Anna Johnson, but the wrl
, 'ter stated she was .not the woman want
'vf. but, s=t range to say, she knew the
<*irter Anna Johnson when she lived In
2*cFa/Jen?i.
• "REDDTKO, Sfrpt. 3.— A large fortane
fitralt* Miss Anna Johnson, but her
, thereabouts cAnnot b«» ascertained. Her
mother dlefl at Marion. Iowa. «om« time
ag» anfl left a considerable estate, a
SOoC-mlzcC portion of which was Ho~
qapathea to the fiaiyrMcT. Mre. R. L«ub
bock of .O<lar Rapids, Joty.1, who in a
*nlee« of liisn Jnhnnun. has traveled over
a !arg* portion of the United States In
**arcJi of the mlBFiriK woman, but an yet
• has b*er> unsuccessful.
Ppeclal Dispatch to The Call
Congressman Metcalf Makes
Inspection of the Ijo
cality.
Aged Resident of Yolo May
• Share the Fortune of
Relative.
the City.
Police Doubt Story That a
Folsom Felon Visited ,^
: Former Resident of Shasta
•' Win Bo "Wealthy if
: . . Found-
Pleasant Valley Miner
Locates a Long-Lost
Brother.
San Jose Watchman
Tells of Meeting Fugi
- ctive Gordon.
Construction of Navy
Yard Dock Becomes
Difficult
.Relative of Miss Anna
Johnson Makes a
Futile Search.
SUCCESS CROWNS
A LONG SEARCH
SAYS HE DRANK
WITH "RED SHIRT"
NEW OBSTACLES
DELAY THE WORK
RICHES AWAIT
MISSING WOMAN
YOUNG COUPLE
TO BE WED ON
ADMISSION DAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1903.
7
AMUSEMENTS.
ftsfll IIRJBBIA SA!f FRASCISCO'3
UULUEvIdIA LEADING THEAuff
Last 2 NtEbts— Matlne« Saturday.
HENRY M[LLER
MARGARET ANQLIN
In an Entirely New Version of
'CAMILLE."
SPECIAL! SE K W
Beglnnlnr NEXT MONDAY,
Fourth Week of the.
MILLER-ANGLIN SEASON.
Monday, Tuesday and "Wednesday Nights.
Wednetday Matinee.
The Devil's Disciple.
Thursday, Friday and Saturday Night*.
Saturday Matine«.
The Taming of Helen
Special Matinee Monday, Labor Day
RELIANT VAUDEVILLE!
Bloom and Cooper; T. Nelson Downs;
La Vine-Cameron Trio; Marguerite
and Hanley and George Schindler.
Last times of Keough and Ballard;
Sam Edwards and Company; The
Fleury Trio and Larkins and Fat-
terson.
Reserved Srats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chairs. COc.
Belasco & May«r. Proprietors.
Market St., Near Eighth. Phona South &*3.
TO-NIGHT— LAST THREE NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
Stupendous Production of Augustln Daly's
Spectacular Drama.
"THE GREAT RUBY"
Never Surpassed for Scenic Splendors.
Unrivaled for Intense. Sustained luterett.
SEE — The Thrilling Escape In a Balloon;
the Battle In Mld-Alr: the Military Tourna-
ment.
DDirEC Evenings. 10c to 60c.
illlWLJ Matinees, 10c, 15c, 25c.
Week of SeDtember 7,
"WHOSE BABY ARE YOTJ?
C( Last Two Nights. firn
I HEILL-M0R0SCO C0MP1XT. ff 1
Presenting the Great Play. ,
.75 -Mrs. Dane's Defenss." .75
Biggest Hit of All £Q
9 i» Sp«»clal — Sat. Mat. 9 «>
J~** -EAST LYNNE." ' ' * fc</
SUNDAY— HOTRE DAME. «.
1 First Time Here. A,,
, H, EAT RUl
alcazar B ;"21F
TO-NIGHT- MATINEE TO-MORROW
THIS WEEK AND NEXT. ,
"She Justified the enthusiasm."— Chronicle.
FLORENCE
ROBERTS
¦ In the First Local Production of
THE UNWELCOME MRS. HATCH.
"Mrt. Hatch Is very welcome in San Fran-
'^^MTto'wcjJUtlMt*, 15c to 60c
SEPT. 10— First Thursday Matinee of
D^Annunilo's GIOCONDA.
When Night Prices Will Prevail.
BUT THREE DATS MORE OT '/"
I -QUO VASS ISS" and !|
"THE B10 LITTLE PRINCESS" g
As Next Monday Night We Oder
•THE COI*-QUERERS" and
mr. v.« -THE GLAD HAND."
The Very Funniest and Clavereit Ever.
Our "All Star" Ca*t. Including
KOLB AND DILL.
BARNEY BERNARD.
WINFIELD BLAKE,
HARRY HERMSEN.
k MAUDE AMBER.
1 ELEANOR JENKINS.
ETC.. ETC.. ETC.
RESERVED SEATS— NUhts. 23c. 60c and
I 75c- Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 23o and
i 60c; Children at Matinees. 10c and 25c
BASEpUT
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
! RECREATION PARK.
EIGHTH AND HARRISON
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY. 3:30 P. M.: SAT-
URDAY. 3:00 P. M.
SUNDAY .....2:30 P. M.'
OAKLAND vs. PORTLAND
LADIES' DATS THURSDAY AXD FRtDAt.
Advance Sale. 6 Stockton st
AMUSEMENTS. •
SYMPHONY CONCERTS
FRITZ SCHEEL, doctor.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
Auspices of the S. T. Symphony Society-
Concert every Tuesday at 3 p. in.
Prices of seats COc. $1. f 1 23, $1 50. ¦
SPECIAL! IMPORTANT!
TWO GRAND POPTLAR and WAGNER
CONCERTS.
MECHANICS* PAVILION >
FRITZ SCHEEL. Director. .
8. F. BTM PHONY ORCHESTRA. 75 muslcifca.
LABOR DAT. MONDAY. Sept. T. at S pHn.
ADMISSION DAY. WEDNESDAY. Sept! 9.
at 3 p. m. - .
POPULAR MUSIC. POPUtAR PRICES.
(Look for procramm* In tha next Sunday's
papers.)
Price* 23c. BOc. 73c.
Tickets for sale at SHERMAN * CLAY'S
mualc atom and at the PAVILION and GRASD
OPERA HOUSE on days of concerts.
Se« daily papers for programmes of popular
concerts.
I I VULI house.
GRAND OPERA SEASON,
TO-N1OHT AND SATURDAY NIGHT.
THE VERDI MASTERPIECE. .
"AIDA"
Saturday Matluse and Sunday Night.
"LUCIA Dl LAMMERMOOR."
Donnlzettl's Wonderful "Work.
NEXT WEEK — "Faust" and "Rie;nlettn.'
Blgcorlna Tina de Spada will appear a3 Mari .
guerlte.
Popular Prices as usual — 23c. 50c. 73c.
Telephone Push 9. '
GRAN_DSo E u££
MATTNEE3 TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
Every lady and child will be presented with,
a souvenir picture.
OVERWHELMING SUCCESS OF THE .
POLLARD LILLIPUTIAN OPERA CO.
lastVtwo niqhts of
THE BELLE OF 1WY01
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT.
"A Gaiety Girl'*
Extra Matinees Labor and Admission Days.
DDirCC EVENINGS 13c. 23c. BOc. 73-1
I Kilt J MATINEES 13c. 23c. SOo!
Five Baby Lions in the Zoo.
A GREAT SHOW EVERT AFTERNOON
AND EVENIXO IN THE THEATER.
InsDect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
SEE THE CHINESE BABY
IN THE INFANT INCUBATOR.
Labor Day Fireworks
MONDAY NIGHT.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. Be.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
LYRIC HALL, Eddy St., Above Mason.
™ EVERYMAN
THE XV CENTURY MORALITY PLAY.
TO-NIGHT
Every Night at 8:30, Sundays Exempted.
Afternoons — Thursday ' and Saturday at 3.
Reserved seats. $3. *1 CO. |1. At Sherman.
Clay A Co.'p, now on sale (or next weak. .
EXCURSION
— TO —
NAPA.
Given by tha Napa Transportation Company. '
EUNDAT. Sept. 6. 1903, steamer ST. HEL-
ENA leaves Washln«^on-st. wharf at 9 a. m.
Round-trip tickets. 50 cants. Two and a halt
hours' stay at Napa- Tickets for sale at wharf.
LECTUBES A2TD CONCERTS. .
jMg~v££f&?n STEUTWAY HALL,
y&3g&&$£~ **p Human Electricity, .
Tickftg. 23o.' 50c. ?5cl
Paiarp dont pail to
laitlW 8ee ibt beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/I flii room, the EMPIRE
aUU PARLOR, the
r 1 PALM ROOM, the
firflflQ LOUIS XV PAR-
ui uuu LOR^ and the LA _
U^~l« DIES' WRITING
Hotels room.
$
market 'sr.sf.'^SSS^
ADVEBTISE2IENTS.
DYSPEPSIA OF WOHEN.
Mrs. E. B. Bradshaw, of
thithrie, Okla., cured of a severe
:pase by Lydia E. PinkhanTs
Vegetable Compound.
A great many women suffer with a
' form of indigestion or dyspepsia which
•does not seem to yield to ordinary
medical treat mrnl. While the Byrnp-
ioms seem to be similar to those of
ordinary indigestion, yet the medi-
cines universally prescribed do not
- seem to restore the patient's normal
.condition. 'r -''¦'-' .-«_
Mrs. Pinkham claims that there
is*a kind of dyspepsia that is caused
bv derangement of the female organ-
is'm, and which, while it causes dis-
turbance similar to ordinary mdsffes-
. tion, cannot be relieved without »
medicine which not only acts as *
Etomach tonic, but has peculiar uterin*-
• tonic effects as well.
¦ Thousands of testimonial let-
ters prove beyond question thaz
- nothing: will relieve this distress-
Ing condition so surely as LydA
E. Pinkhain's Vegetable Com-
pound. It always works in nar-
xnony with the female system.
Mrs.^Pinkbam advises sick
woroop &"<&. Ad dress JLymu, Mass.
,fy/.;:/.:- ADVEBTISEMENTS.
THIS IS THE ONLY PLACE WHERE YOU CAN BUY A
. S A n«w collection of soma of our sp«clai bargains: n (I
JB*. 3 Heine, 9105, f237, 9385; 1 Heine Mahogany Baby Grand, 9723: ¦ |l
B*ja 1 Conover upright, Italian walnut, new, 92C*>; 1 Behr Brc*., San Domlnco |k|
I fj mahogany upright, new, 9^-17; 1 Ma«on & Hamlln. new. burl walnut, *yf
SHI f2S5; 1 Krell, small size, dark mahogany, almost new. *V3>3: 1 Sinn#r. }i
•¥JT silently used. 9103; 2 Steinway. large and small uprights. *XV,r». <s:rj."»: JsL
J,l Chlckerlnu upright, grocxl condition. *SO; 1 Filsher upright. JjlJJT: t Collard ff^l
la upright. *.t!>: Ph^rman & Hyde upright. 9113; 3 slightly used piano players. fl H
B«H Organs-^-3 & Hamlln, 925, 915, 9*7: 20 others from 91O up. C"KJ
Esgf NOTICE— If you are looking for a thump box. called a piano by somn "
(9r rival dealers, we have them new at f&O. M ¦
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Skin Diseases
of the most stubborn and chronic kind
are promptly relieved and eventually
cured by the use of . * .
This powerful germicide is ab-
solutely harmless. It has cured
cases pronounced incurable and
will cure you. By killing the
germs that cause skin diseases, it
allows Nature to restore a healthy
skin. U.^ed and endorsed by lead-
ing physicians everywhere for the
last 1 2 years. Booklet on request.
Sold by leading- druggists or trial
bottle sent prepaid on receipt of 25 cents.
Cl.O Prince St., New _Y<"*_
HOUSEKEEPING
Good Housekeepinci is a "homey "
magazine — original, bright and full
of good cheer. It has a distinct fla-
vor, which fascinates and yet helps
every member of the family — father,
mother, daughter, son. Its growth
• is phenomenal yet stable — over
5 00,000 regular . readers every
month. At least 160 pages each issue
— finely illustrated by leading artists.
An Illustrated Magazine
FOR ALL THE FAMILY
Writers most prominent in their
respective spheres are contributing
real Good Housekeeping matter,
covering both the homely details of
everyday work, and, in a bright and
readable way, the principles underly-
ing all questions affecting home life.
$1.00 per year— 10 cents ¦ copy.
A free sample copy to all requesting.
AGENTS WANTED
j - -1 1
Good Housekeeping wants a subscrip-
tion representative in every city and town
in the west. To those who will give all or
a portion of their time it offers attractive
work and pays exceedingly liberal commis-
sions. It will pay you to investigate. A
postal card will brin? particulars. Writ*
at once so as to be the first in your field.
The Phelps Publishing Co.
Pacific Coast Office,
59 Columbian Building, San Francisco, Cal.
AT ALL NEWS STANDS
4^1 lk\I A Ammunition, Huntlrg and
§Ba «H %J" Sportlns Goods. Largest
B B 1 9 S»H stock. Lowest price*, epnd
B 111 R'Wft « for catalogue.
UvlWvJ BHREVB & BARBER CO..
73U Market at. and 311
Kcarnjr «t.Third race— Byways, McGee, Sid
ney C. Love.
Fourth race — Hindus, Delagoa,
Cruzados.
Fifth race— Nannie Hodge, Katie
Powers, Shawanna.
Sixth race^ — Crestfallen, Alfred C,
Bard of Avon.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race^ — St. Paula, Cognomen,
Soldier of Fortune.
Second race^ — Lingo, Oliver Me,
Mr. Rose.
HARLEM SELECTIONS.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, selling
— Crestfallen 1C9. Goldaga. 106, Barrack 104,
Bard of Avon 103. Pat Mortlwuey 103, Star Cot-
Ion 103. Antolee 103. Urchin 103. Handley
Cross 103, Feed Bill 103. Alfred C 101. Blue
mint 10O Carat 10O. O'Hagen f»O. Frank M 9S.
CHICAGO, Sept. 3. — Harlem entries:
First race flve furlongs, selling — Chockayott«
103 Soldier of Fortune 103. Cognomen 102, Sol
Srn'th 101. Fox Lake 100. Volla 98. Shaltan 08.
St Paula 97. Trapsetter 9«. Miss Mollie 86,
Mary Dunn 97, Hoceo 03, Croppie 93, Lawndale
Second ; race, steeplechase, ehort course-
Limelight 139, Mr. Rose 102. Anchor 15». Oliver
Me 15i». Slap Dash 150, F.d Adack 150, Itaca
tiara 138, Miss Brandon 138. Lingo 130.
Third race, one mils — Havlland 104, Talpa
104 Sidney C. Love 97. McGee 97, Gregor K
94. 'Ancke 94. Byways 94.
Fourth race, six furlongs — Cruzados 112. Rag
tag 112 Haydon 100. Hindus 109. Nellla Wad
dell 100, Lady Kent 100, Delagoa 109. Red
Raven 106. Bardolph 10C, Gypzene 103, Vestry
103. Orfeo 103.
Fifth race, flve furlongs — Nannie Hodjr» 112,
Determination 100. Away Right 1C5. Maggla
Leeber 103. Fly Lady 100, Katie Powers 100.
Eva Clair ICO. Tootsey Mack 100, Alice Com
moner 100, Silk Maid 100, Rowena 100, Sna
wana 100. '*
HARLEM ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACE— One mile, selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. %IFln.
8 to 5— Lendin. 1C0 (H. Phillips) 4 5 11
3 to 1— Brush By. 95 (Wll?on).. V 3 2 *i
7 to 2 — Glenrlce, 95 ( J. Booker) . . 6 4 3 3
Time, 1:412-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winnir Fred Cooks" b. c. by Lind»n-Klt
Cat. Ontor.agon 103, Belle Malone 102, Mr.
Dingle 1C0, also ran.
FIFTH RACE — One mile, selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
4 to 1— Jackful, 82 (J. Booker)... 3 112
9 to 10— Christine A, 07 (Bobbins) 6 2 2 4
16 to 1— Mauser. 100 (Knapp) 13 3 4
Time, 1 :41 4-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. F. J. Kelley's ch. g. by Mirthful-Bliss
ful. Hetzel OS. Safeguard 105. Angelo 07, Wolf
ram 97. Dr. O'Neill i»5. also ran.
FOURTH RACE— One mile, purse:
letting. Horse. Weijrht, Jockey. St. «i Fin.
8 to 1 — Lurallghter. «7 (Stille).. 1 1 In!?
0 to 5 — Ancke. 97 (Bridewell)... R 2 2 14
8 to 1— Gallant. 107 (Otis) 2 3 3 3
Time, 1:41. Start poor. Won driving:. Win
ner. J. F. Pavls & Co.'s b. g. by Lamplighter-
Lulu F. Charlie Thompson 107, Wainamolnen
107, O'Hagen 107, also ran. Major Tenny left
at post.
THIRD RACE — One and three-sixteenth
miles, handicap:
netting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. 8t. *i Fin.
60 to 1— Dcdie S, S7 (J. Booker). 12 11
5 to 2— Dr. Stephens, liqb (H.
Phillips) . ...7. 4 1 2 h
4 to 1— Floyd K, 1)3 (Wilson)... 6 3 3 24
Time, 2:00. t-.V Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner. S. G. Morton's b. m. by Charaxus-Vlrjrtn.
Bondage 100, Nitrate 115, Star Cotton 86. also
ran.
SECOND RACE— Golf steeplechase handi
cap, short course:
Betting. Horse, Weight.' Jockey. St. »i Fin.
7 to 2— Indian 11,141 (McAuliffe) 4 2 1 Hi
7 to 2— Falella. 140 (Johnson).. 2 3 2 >4
10 to 1— D of York 11.160 (Brodle) S 4 3 H
Time, 3:36 2-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. George Cochran's b. t- by Indlo-Lu
cerne. Golden Link 1GS. Slap Dash 125, An
chor 137, also ran.
. FIRST RACE— Five furlongs, purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
8 to 3 — Rockaway. 10S (Otis).. 2 2 1 nk
4 to 1 — My Gem. 110 (S. Bonner) S 1 2 m
12 to 1— Major David F. Rose.
113 (Davis) -1 3 3 n
Time. 1 :00 1-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. Burns & Waterhouse's ch. c. by Al
tamax-Recreation. Tha Hebrew 114, Fox Lake
113. Chockayatte 105. Alaraode 105 Oviedo 110.
Oudon 10$. Salivate 113, BUI Walters 110. Miss
Loyle 110. Louis Kraft 10H, Gus Quarles 10S,
Frances Yowell 110,^ also ran.
CHICAGO, Sept. 3.-Inaian II, ridden
by Jockey McAuliffe and backed from 4
to 1 down tp 7 to 2. chiefly because of his
rider, won the Golf Steeplechase handi
cap to-day, the first stake event over the
jumps given this season.
Burns & Waterhouse's highly prized
colt Rockaway. fresh from the Eastern
campaign, where he made a. fair show
ing, was backed from 2 to 1 to 8 to 5 to
win the first race and turned the trick
nicely.
Dodie S, at 60 to 1, was the surprise of
the afternoon.
The track was at its best, the weather
clear and cool and an excellent card drew
out the larcest crowd of tKe week. Sum
mary:
Epeclsl Dispatch to The Call.
Supplies the Surprise of
the Afternoon at
Harlem.
DODIE S FIRST
AY SIXTY TO ONE
LONDON 1 . Sept. 3. — Arthur Larcom, of th%
Foreign Office, haa been appointed British
agent In the "Venezuelan arbitration proceed
ings.
The San FTancisco Credit Men's Asso
ciation held a meeting last night at tha
Commercial restaurant. About 200 wera
present. A fine dinner was served, after
which speechmaking became the order
of the evening 1 . The principal address
was made by "W. J. Morphy of Chicago,
who took for his topic "Credit Insur
ance."
Credit Association Gives Dinner.
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Ocyrohe, Bird Pond,
Hoedown.
Second race— Charles C, Ben Hul
lum, Dr. Clark.
Third race— light Opera, Irby
Bennett, Moyle.
Fourth race — Ben Adkins, Dr.
Cartledge, Forehand.
Fifth race— El Bey, Dr. Hart,
Kingstelle.
Sixth race — Do Reszke, Tom
Crabb, Pourquoi Pas.
Second race, six furlong*, selling — Swart
Piet 100. Ben Hnllum 109, Broo<SIeT 1C9. The
Four Hundred 109, Charles C 104, Cotton Plant
100. Dr. Clark ICO. Sinecure 109. Chickamauga
104. The Bobby 109. One Mora 109. Sam Hous
ton 109. Macbeth 115.
Third race, one mile, selling — Uranium 97.
Galoit 97. Irby Bennett 106. Moyle 97. Custua
9S. Light Opera 106.
Fourth race, six furlongs, handicap—Fore
hand 115, Rye-vale 92, Ben Adklns 103. Dr.
Cartledge 100, Harbor 9T.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing—Peat 105. Kingston* 100, W. B. Gates
106. Dr. Hart 104. Kl Rey 105.
Sixth race, seven furlongs, purse— Doeskin
107. Jake Weaver 102. Straggler 102. Optional
107. De Reszke 110, PoHrquol Pas 102. Tom
Grabb 102. Dynasty 102. Burmer II 110.
First race, flve furlongs, aelllng — Comera Ifirt,
Interrogation 106. Cabon 93, Ora McKlnney ir.fi.
Ocyrohe 1C«. Perla 104. Hoedown 05. Sfx-n
certan 103, Mon Chere 103. Soufriere 103, Bird
Pond 103.
ST. LOl'IS." Sept. 3. — Delmar entries:
DEUftAR ENTRIES.
Time, 1:17. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. C. Schawecker's b. f. by Huron- Armlel.
Fadie Burch 97. Leech 99. Our Llllle 95, Bom
bir.o 91. also ran.
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs. mUIoc:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. Bt... % Tin.
15 to 1— Atlas. 98 (George) a 1 1 1
5 to 1 — Quaker Girl. 107 (Smith).. 4 4 2 n
5 to 1 — Falkland, 106 (Sheehan).. 5 6 3 1
FIFTH RACE — One mile and twenty yards,
selling:
Betting. Horse. "Weight, Joclcey. Bt. % Fin.
ft to 2— Rollick n. 106 (Louden).. 3 6 114
5 to 2— Morris Volmer.104 (Howell) 13 2 6
4 to 1— Aules. 10« (Sheehan) 4 4 3 h
Time. l:44ii. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, J. W. Bertheau's ch. f. by Rlley-Dolllk^na.
Satin Coat 1O*. Rengaw 106, Dawson 1C6. Ma
ple 101. Lynch 10C, Legation 100. also ran.
Time, \A~\i. Start good. Won driving. Win.
ner. O. B. Furnetfs br. g. by La Premier-Gray
Besa. Rio Shannon 92, also ran.
FOURTH RACE— One and a •lxteentb mllet,
handicap:
Betting. Horse. "Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
» to 5 — Taby Tosa. 105 (Sheehan) 1 2 1 n
7 to 10 — First Ma-ion. 101 (Smith)... 3 1 2 IS
1 to 1 — Mont.Peeres9.S3 (Jackson) 2 3 3 20
Time, 1:28%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner J Lafferty & Sons' ch. m. by Once Agaln-
Mlss Price. Decoration 102. Style OS. SJ Ah 07.
Mutiny 105. Little Corker 10U, Peter Durye*
103, Wbaleback 105, also ran.
THIRD RACE — Seven furlongs, selling:
Betting. Horse, "Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
11 to 5 — L'na Price. 105 (Sheehan). 5 2 11
11 to 5— Mlmo, 1C2 (Perkins) 6 12 4
12 to 1 — I. Penzance, 107 (Louden) 2 * 3 15
SECOND RACE— Five and a half furious*.
purse:
Betting, llorr; "Weight. Jockay. Bt. *i Fin.
12 to 1 — St. Noel. 107 <Boyd) 4 1 1 1 #
7 to 2— Ingolthrift. 110 (Calvit)... 3 3 2 n
4 to 1— Potter. 110 (Sheehan)...... 1 2 3 n
Time, 1:09a;. Start good. "Won easily. Win
ner. J. Naylor & Co.'s b. c. by Ft. George-
Nan. Lord Hermence 110. Port "Warden 105.
Wigwam 103. Major Carpenter 110. Atlitna 10.,
Wenrk-k HO. also ran.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 3.— Taby Tosa. clevef
ly ridden by Jockey Sheehan, wen tha
handicap at one and a sixteenth miles at
Delmar Park this afternoon. First Ma
son, the heavily played lavorlte at 7 to
10, ran his race too early and tired in
the stretch. An excellent programme,
clear weather and a fast track drew out
a biff crowd. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlong*. «eUln»:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % ***-
12 to 1— Kine Rose. 1C5 (Louden)... o 0 1 2
11 to 5— Tangent. 1C5 i Sheehan).. 5 . 2n
15 to 1— Bl-dslayer. 102 (Calvit)... 8 3 8 5
Time. 1:18. Start reed. Won easily. Win
ner. Hlckey Bros.' b. c. by King Ertc-Prtnce«
Rose. Jean Gravier 07. Goudy »7. Lacache 9..
Ranchman 108. Henlock If 2. Model Monarch
105. Dr. KammeTer 105. Harry Griffith 102.
Ollvllo 1C2. also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Passes First Mason in
the Stretch at
Delmar.
GAME TABY TOSA
TAKES HANDICAP
NEWTORK, Sept. 3. — Henry J. Kramer of
Los Angeles was elected to-day vice president
of the American Society of Professors of Dane
m*. :
NIAGARA-ON-THE-LAKES. Sept. 3.—
In the semi-finals of the Niagara Interna
tional Tennis Tournament here to-day E.
B. Glassco beat A. C. Master, both of
Toronto, 4-6 t 8-3, 6-0.
Glassco Wins the Semi-Finals.
MEN'S METHODIST LEAGUE TO TAKE
EXCURSION. — The first annual excursion' of
the Men's Methodist League of San Francisco
will take plate Monday, September 7. to Col
lege Park. Santa Clw-a. The party will leave
by • the Third and Townsend streets, station.
and excursionists from - Alameda and Oakland
may so by the narrow gauge railroad.
Time— 2:16. 2:15%. 2:15%.
Four and *a half '* furlongs. • selling. ' curse
Summary of Thursday's Races.
2:11 trotting; purse $500; three in flve:
Ole b. k., by Silas Skinner-Eveline'
(Qtiin) 1 1 1
Forest W (Carlln) • 2 3 2
Rozell (White)."........ 3 2 3
Tom Smith (Zlbble) Dis.
PARIS, Sept 3.— The automobile boats
to-day covered the fifth stage of the race
on the Seine from Paris to the sea. To
day's section was from Caudebre to Ha
vre. The Mercedes finished first, the
Flora second and the Loute third.
Automobile Boats Race on the Seine.
George Nethercott's PocatelH, the most
promising greyhound in all America, was
badly injured yesterday while being ex
ercised near Colma. He, was attacked by
some cur dogs and before they could be
beaten off they had bitten him severely.
He will not be able to run for some time.
His owner has repeatedly refused to set
a price on him. T V
Champion Greyhound Injured.
Tight for the Amateur Champion
ship of the United States la
• . '_ Narrowing Down.
. GLEN COVE. L.. JL, Sept. 3.— Only eight
gtilfers are now left to continue the figbt
• for the amateur golf championship of the
•United States, and the result of to-mor
row's play in the tournament on the links
of the Nassau Country Club will deter
• inine the two who will fight out the final
battle for national honors on Saturday.
The eight survivors after a day of hard
matches and tur crises are: Paul Mur
phy. Garden City; F. O. Reinhart, Bal
tusrol: Walter J. Travis. Garden City.
• N. Y.; George T. Brokawa. Delaware,
N. J.; W. R. Tackerman. Stockbridge,
J^es.; E. M. Byers, Allegheny, Pa.; S.
o. Cafly, Rock Island, 111.; Bruce D.
Emitb, OnwcntEia, I2L -
OKXY EIGHT GOLFERS
ARE I^EFT IN CONTEST
The California promotion 'committee
is endeavoring to Interest Eastern yacht
ing officials in San Francisco Bay as a
Sheet of water on which races for the
America's cud could be successfully con
ducted. Telegrams were sent v es terday
to C. Oliver Iselin and to Sir Thomas
Lipton asking: them to consider the pos
sibilities of a race here. A valuable
trophy would be readily forthcoming.
Friends of Sir Thomas have been in
formed^ that the Irish sportsman contem
plates a visit to this coast.
California Promotion Committee En
deavors to Enlist the Support
of Lipton and Iselin.
SUGGEST A YACHT RACE
IN PACIFIC COAST WATERS
Free-far- All Event Attracts an Entry
of Four Fast Matinee
Horses.
The members of San Francisco Driving
Club will so to Petaluma on Admission
day and -will promote a trotting- and run
ning meeting. The entries in the harness
events are: 'V';.
2:40 class— J. E. finch's Ben. O. Taylor's
Bill Ellsworth, W. Peas' Monkey. J. Mc-
Tig-ue's Mike, S. Hables' Little Eirrpt, A.
WoIfTg Lawrence W. G. Davenport's Dexterity.
2:25 class — L. Jensen's Butcher Boy D
LJetfinirer's Cicero, S. Watson'n Dock, S.
Eprajrue's Clara L. H. Schottler's King V,
Green class-^E. Buck's Zulu Lass. A. Wolffs
Tuffy A. B. Levy's Monaca. Dr. McLaughUn's
Pat Carroll. U. - Schottler'a Lady Dinah.
Free lor all — B. Smith's Elcora Wllkes S
Watson's Al Sandy. J. O'Kane'a Sandow" C
Becker's Dan Alden.
DRIVING CLUB MEMBERS
WILL RACE AT PETALUMA
Gambit vs. Lily Wrlrht; Boco Girl vs. Ad
vance Guard; Lord GoS vs. Thetis; Jingle
Hells vs. Gold Lily; Black Coon vs. Bob It;
Fannie Huirtile vs. Little Lucy; Articulate vs.
Our Motto: Miss Wilson vs. Jennie . Lyons;
Luxury V3. Concord Boy; Remisso Anlmo vb.
Flora Bello; Bonnie Hugrhle vs. Meddlesome;
Wedgrewood vs. Yukon: Half Moon vs. Fern
brook; Idle Fellow vs. Flower of Kerry; King's
Pride vs. Doc Burns; Manhattan King vs.
Pepper Jack; Royal Sport vs. Toronto ; Queen's
Motto vs. Racing Glancer; Belfast vp. Athena;
San Juan vs. Firm Fellow; Sisklyou vs. Wild
Bill; Lady Anselmo vs. Equator; Young Buck
vs Rich Araosy: Pure Pearl vs. Homer Boy;
Idaho Boy vs. Una: Tobasco Bob vs. Sweet
Peas; Odd Eyes vs. Milling ton; Tom Hurlick
vs. Rock and Rye; Eastlake vs.' "White Hat;
Our Myra vs. Piker; Little Pluncer vs. Wel
come Lbrht; Cubanola vs. Gunpowder; Mollla
Mac vs. Shadow: Flora Bird vs. Full Moon;
Yellowtail vs. Haddliurton: Snapper Garrison
vs. Grace W; Glancing Pasha vs. : Bonnie
Pasha; Aeneas vs. Wattles; Adonis vs. Kettle
man; Lady Menlo vs. Lulu Girl; Renegade
Apache vs. Medley; Cascade vs. Cremo; Topay
Turvey vs. Linda Vista; Melrose va. McIIenry;
Slievenamon vs. Frisky Barbara; Tyrone
Prince vs. Roxana: Doreen vs. • Lazy Bob;
Yankee Boy vs. Glaucus. . .
The open ' stake at Ingleslde Coursing
Park this week attracted an entry of
ninety-six greyhounds. From the forty
eight losers in the first round twenty
four dogs will be drawn which will com
pete in a consolation number. The draw
last night resulted as follows:
Twenty-Four of the Losers in First
Bound Will Meet in Consola
,, tion Number.
NINETY-SIX GREYHOUNDS
TO MEET AT y INGLESIDE
Stolen bases— Cravath. Dolan. Error*—Dil
lon, Tomnn. Gray, Dolan, 8t- Vraln. Two
.ba*« hit*— Corbett, Huriburt (2), Lwialey
Zinss&r. First base on error*— Loe Angeles'
-4: Seattle. 2. First baas on bsdl» — OS Bt'
-VrBin. S; off Gray, 2. Left on baaes— 1>«
Ang-eles, 6; Seattle, * 2. Ptruclt oat — By St.
"Vraln. 4; by Gray. 6. Sacrifice hit — Andrews'
Double play — Toman to Dillon. Balk — Gray
Time of game— 2h. 6m. Umpire — McDonald.
_ . BUNS A2TD HITS BT IKNINae.
Lkm Anreles 0 2 10 0 4 0 0 x— t
Bern bit* 1 0 0 10 4 10 x—7
EeatU* 1 2 110 0 0 0 O— A
Bate alt* 1 1 1 a 0 O 0 1 O— <j
SUMMARY.
•commenced Uka a comedy of errors, but
Rnnlly furnished a. rood exhibition. 1>js An
. e?Ie« won because St. Vraia weakened and
allowed a buncb of hits, which, aided by bad
throwing, netted the leaden four runs. Gray
*&• .wild ana somewhat rattled In th« first
three lnnlsrs. but steadied down and pitched
pood ball. Score:
¦ Lio« Anrele»— r Seattle—
AB. B. H. P. A. AB. R. H P A
fiey.ct.. 6 12 1 0 Lmley.cf 4 1 l i o
Wbler.8b 4 110 3 Mohlr.2b 3 1 0 3 4
Corbtt.2b 4X184 Brashr.ib 4 0 0 10 0
Dllloa, 1b 4 0 0 8 2 Emith.rf . 4 0 10 0
Crs.vth.rf 8 0 0 2 0 Kinssaj.lj 4 2 3 2 0
• TUws,lf.. 4 0 0 2 O AndwE,3b 3 0 O 1 «
'ToauAM 3 2 14 4 Dolan.es. 4 1 0 1 B
Hurlbruc 4 2 2 6 1 Boettgr.c 3 0 18 2
Gray.p.. 2 0 0 2 1 ByersTc. 0 0 0 S 0
"~ ~~ —~ — — St. Vrn.p 2 0 0 0 9
ToUIj S3 T T 21 18 •Carrickf 1 0 0 0 0
: T©Ui» 22 S ~« 24 13
•Cfcrriclr baited Tor 8t. Vimin In the ninth In-
LOS AiCGELES, Sept. 3.— To-day** guno
. Aiigels Bunch Hits on Him in the
Sixth and "Win.
PITCHES. ST. VRAIN" WEAKENS.
Nearly all of the starters in the closing
event were held a^short odds, Teufel and
Wandering Boy shorter than the others.
Frawley, on the former, got away In
front and was not headed. Wandering
Boy ran second, in front of Isabellita.
F. E. MULHOLLAND.
Lee Jackson rode his first winner at the
meeting in the third running event. He
had the mount on Metlakatla, second
choice In the ring, and In a driving finish
downed Jack Richelieu Jr. something
more than a length. Blphln King, the 11
to 10 favorite, with Henderson up, fin
ished a fair third, apparently not possess
ing the epeed he showed on Tuesday.- ¦
Frawley, who rode Dusty Rhodes in the
opening number, scored another, win with
Dollie Weithoff , favorite for the first
seven-furlong run. He hustled tho mare
away in front, and, successfully stalling
off the challenges of Chiieno and Troy,
beat the first-named gelding out by four
lengths at the end. David S took the
show from the tiring Troy. :
Frawley, on Dusty Rhodes, took the two
year-old scramble with Dr. Birdsall, one
of the first choices, a good second. The
Magnet colt took the lead. soon. after the
start and was not headed. Doris, another
of the 2 to 1 first choices, finished a fair
third.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 3.— With the
three big rings, tho trained lions,
elephants and seals and the steam
calliope of the circus but a recol
lection, more State Fair talk could
be heard about town to-day and there
was a marked increase in the attendance
at Agricultural Park. There were signs
of life and animation about the betting
ring and gradually the money is finding
its way to the surface.
Four out of six favorites were success
ful, and Jockey . Frawley distinguished
himself by piloting three winners. Possi
bly the Grove f£ Johnson selling Btake at
a mile, with a gross valuation of .$605,
could be called the feature of the pro
gramme. There were seven starters, and
Hagerdon. with Burk up and made a fa
vorite at 2'i to 1 over Kitty Kelly, Divina,
Horatius and Anvil, quoted at threes, won
from start to finish, running the mile in
1:40*4; It was the winner's first appear
ance since an attack of catarrhal fever
at Oakland last fall put him on the hos
pital list. The route seemed too short for
Horatius. which ran a splendid race at
that, giving away weight and three years
to the winner. He was closing strong by
running a close second In front .of Kitty
Kelly. Divina refused to break at the
start, a new wrinkle for that mare.
The 2:11 trot was first called and the
harness horse folk appeared at sea as to
which should be favorite, Ole or Rozell.
Pooling began with Ole bringing 10, Ro
zell 6, Tom Smith 4 and Forrest W 3. In
some later pools Rozell had the call. Ole,
driven by v Quinn, won in three straight
heats. In the third heat Forrest W
earned second money by • being placed
ahead of Rozell. the latter having made
a long winning break. Tom. Smith drew
the pole position before the first heat, but
was given no consideration at the start,
and, leaving his feet at the first turn, # was
shut out. J. W. Zlbble, the horse's driver,
registered a protest with the officials, an
action that was plainly coming to him.
ENTRIES .FOR FRIDAY.
First race. 2:24 class, purse Sl0«o TxniU*
Croner, Nipper, George G. Sutler. Little Babe
£? P , Ut £ McP , herson ' Kos >e Woodburn. Sonoma
uiri, .Moor nose.
Second race 2:13. pacing— Banker' n Daugh
ter. Dakan D. Smuggler. Monro* Bee De
mo ' 1 >. Pennase. Pinky H. Colonel Smith.
Third ntce. flv e furlongs. Felling— j T S lOfi
Gladdis 10«, Maude Brown 93, Haraar 93 p£
Bulger 06. Piratical 10«. ' Pat
Fourth race, four and a half furloncs ail
flFTX*™ 1 " 1W > Anne Marie 01 M«eoS
113. Gold Scratch 110. Maresa 113 :ueie °ra
ss^sa a v utda2o d \x h o ait jxz s \^ *%?
.Sixth race, one mile, Durse — David 8 no
Cambaceres 112. Tamra 102 Tana* 109 rim
Young 112. Illowaho 112. Iras 90 . ' BU1
Five furlongs. Belling, purse $225—Metla
£? f- ; o\ b^ BrutU8 - In >p. Miowera, 97
(Jackson). 8 to 5, won; Jack Richelieu Jr 111
(Powell), ZU, to 1, second; EMn King' 107
(Henderson). 11 to 10. third. Time l : 01U
Light Bral-J. Miss Dividend. Duke and 'Buck
Taylor also ran. < r "
Seven furlongs. Belling, purse $225— Dolly
7i^ 0{t - , b , m »- by Dark Mvers
110 (Frawley). 8 to 5. won; Chiieno. 110 (Hen!
derson) 2 to J. second; Davis. S. 110 (Chand-
4 1° vl; thlrd> 1:27. Malplaquet
Troy and Flamero also ran v 4
Seven furlongs, selling, purse $22.%— Teufel '
C ar. by Foul Shot-Amelia May, 115 (Frawl
l> ey ? 2 o l ° *' WO i* : Wanrt * r me Boy, 115 (Powell)
3 to 2. eecond; IsabellitR 100 (S») •> tn i
third. Time , 1:28%. flamolo. Btrimboleti
Vonrollern and Chenano also ran. "•""«».
* 225 ~;5. US , t £ Rhode ». eh - <?•• by Magnet-Gen
?X?» J C0 < Fraw l«y). 2 to 1. won; Dr. Birdsall.
10O (See). ,2 to 1. second; Doris. 108 (Tullett)
2 to 1. third. Time. :r.C%. Pat Bulger Easter
Lady. Homeric and Maude Browne also ran.
One mile. Grove L. Johnson stake, selling—
Hagerdon b. g., by Esher-Lady Richmond 100
(Burk). 11 to 5, won; Horatlun 107 (Powell)
S to 1. second; Kitty Kelly, 9» (Chandler) 3
i°AT thl f h d - Jj me - 1: *°V>- Ora Vva. Anvil
and Heather Honey also ran. Divina left at
post.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 3.— Abe Attell of San
P'rancisco to-night received the decision
over Johnny Reagan of Brooklyn in a
twenty-round contest for the world's
feather-weight championship, weight 122
pounds at the ringside.
The contest was one of the cleverest
and " fastest ever seen here. Reagan
showed remarkable cleverness in blocking
and Infighting, and so perfect was his
guard that it seemed almost impossible
for Attell' to get through. His Inside
work troubled Attell considerably. Abe
seemed unable to land an effective blow,
while, on the other hand, Reagan repeat
edly sent left and right to the head and
stomach, causing Attell to wince and
frequently appeal to the referee. Attell
seemed clearly beaten for the first fifteen
rounds. In the sixteenth round Abe sent
in a left and right which shook Johnny
up considerably, and the tide changed to
the Callfornian's favor. From then on
Abe had but slightly the better of It.
In the nineteenth round Abe rushed
Reagan to the ropes and sent in several
stiff punches. Reagan came back strong,
but his punches on the stomach and
cheek landed lightly. He, however, failed
to even matters. The twentieth was give
and take, with honors about even.
The decision was received with ¦ some
signs of disapproval. James J. Corbett
was present at the ringside.
2:18 class, trot, puree $1000, two in three —
Dillon lioy won two straight heats in 2:13*{,
2:11 U. Redwood. Grace Keller, Nickelette,
Nanlta, Dupuytron, Hie Boy and Crown
Shade also started.
2:08 class, pace, purse $1000, two in three —
Locanda won the first and third heats In 2:07,
2:0~',i. Albert won the second heat in 2:07.
Louise G. Non Amie. Terr11«, Al Bock. Coun
cil Chimes, Baron Itogcrs, Dandy Chimes,
Mush, Brown Heels and Carthage Girl also
(started.
2:15 pace, purse $2000— Trilby Direct won
the second, third and fourth heats In 2:08^4.
2:10H. 2:ll',a. Sadie Baron won the ttrst heat
In 2:07)4* Edith May, Harry D and Llttls
Sphynx also started.
2:14 class, trotting. Roger Williams stake,
purse $10.000 — Hilly Buck won three straight
heats In 2:08%, 2:O9&, 2:10. Jay McGregor,
Mazette, Authoress, Norrle, Fred McClung,
Klnney Lou. John M C, Lady Patchle, Chimes
and >Patchen Maid also started.
In a field of eleven Scott Hudson's
horse Jay McGregor had the pole. The
horses went to^ the three-quarter pole
with McGregor in the lead, and then be
gan a battle royal down the stretch.
Billy Buck drew steadily out of the
bunch, headed the leader when within 200
yards of the finish and captured the first
heat by a narrow margin In 2:0S?i, the
best time made during the race. Billy
Buck took the lead In the second heat
and found It easy to maintain that posi
tion, winning by a length handily.
For more than half a mile In the final
heat the field held together so closely
that the horses could hardly be distin
guished. Billy Buck won in v a hard drive
by a nose. Summary:
PROVIDENCE, R. I., Sept. 3.— The
Roger Williams $10,000 stake for 2:14 trot
ters was the feature of the third day's
racing: in the Grand Circuit meeting at
Narragansett Park to-day. Billy Buck,
a bay gelding owned by Smathers and
driven by Geers of Memphis, Tenn., car
ried off the big purse, winning in three
straight heats.
Ptolen bases — Hogan O. Errors—HUde
brand. McLanp-h'.ln <3) Eagan. Doyle, Carter
<2). Delmas. Two-base hit— Sheehan. Sacri
fice hits— McLauchlin. Eheehan Doyle. First
base on errors —^arraraento 2 San Frandscc
2. First base on called balls — Off Fitzgerald
A, off Lindsey 5. Left on bases — Sacramento fl
San Francisco 10. Struck out — By Fitzgerald
2. by Lindsey 5. Hit by pitcher— Zearfoss.
liindsey. Double plays — Eagan to Casey to
•Townsend (2); Casey to Eapan to Townsend-
Irwin to Delmas to Leahy; Delmas to Leahy'
Time of rame— 2:15. Umpire— O'ConnelL
Eacraraento ...0 020100101 —5
Ease hits ...10202 112 1 0—10
San Francisco 0 00001003 0 4
Base tits ...0 00111113 1 9
SUMMARY.
. 1
Totals 36 5 10 SO 14 1 Totals SS 4 9 30 15
RITXS AND "UTS BT INNINGS.
the Field at Sacramento.
• SACRAMENTO. Sept. 3.— Fitzgerald won a
hard-fought ten-innln* contest to-day and Is
er.titled to due credit, as his support made er
.tors at critical points that were always ex
pensive. For eight Innings the San Francisco
batters could do nothing with his delivery.
The visitors would have been retired In the
ninth Inning without a run had It not been
fT a costly error by Kagan. Lindsey also
pitched a good game. McLaughlln and Shay
were put o!Y the field for kicking/ and eeveral
cf the players were fined. Score:
Sacramento— I San Francisco —
AB. It. H. P. A.' AB. R. H. P. A.
Oasey.Cb 3 2 0 6 BFhay.s... 4 0 0 2 2
HiSbrd.'.f 5 0 4 1 O.Meaay.cf 5 0 16 0
Keefe.rf. 4 0 2 2 O.lrwin.ob 4 0 2 0 2
ICajEtan.s. 5 0 12 4iLeahy.lb 5 0 0 8 2
Twntd.lb 4 1 0 11 0 Zearfos c 3 0 0 8 O
ghehn.Sb 3 111 5iKrug.ll.. B 1 3 2 O
I)oyle.cf. 4 0 0 3 0 Carter, rf 5 110 0
Hopan.c. 5 0 2 4 0;Delms,2b 4 113 4
Fitzgld,p 3 10 0 0 Lir.dsy.p 3 1 115
MLgln.rf 0 0 0 O O.Lynch.s. 0 0i» 0 1 0
McLaughlin and Shay Are Put Off
PLAYEH-S ABE PUNISHED.
Defeats Reagan in Fight
for Featherweight
Championship.
Billy Buck Carries Ofi
$10,000 Purse for
2:14 Trotters.
DECISION GOES
TO ABE ATTELL
WINS IN THREE
STRAIGHT HEATS
The first time Oakland made an impres
sion was in the fourth. They began to
treat McFarlan to a mild beating in the
shape cf three tallies, although it should
have been more. The big thing came oft
in the seventh. Every man on the team
peerned to souse that ball somewhere.
Then they stopped running and were
caught at the plate and did everything
thry should not have done. So with six
noble and timely base hits, only two runs
wpre registered, the team retiring with
every bag decorated by a Cripple. This
made the crowd angry and no one seemed
to care what happened. Portland made
a^gw more later on and won :n a canter.
TQ Cripples blew up after their, big
eprfnt and never figured again in tha go
ing. The score:
Oakland — f Portland —
AB. n. H. P. A. ' ' AB. R. H. P. A.
OHa.ra.cf 8 0 2 1 OiBlake.rf .31042
Fmc-ks.es 5 1X3 4JVanBn,cf 4 3210
Mkmn.Sb 8 2 10 O.Xadeau.lf 4 3 2 0 0
. c !.wtr.2b 4 2 2 2 2 Atiden.21) 4 113 5
Slurdk.rf 5 2 4 1 ojFrncs.Sb 4 0 4 11
• Sorton.lb 5 0 2 10 O Hl&wli.es (112 3 4
• I-chron.e 4 O 3 3 1 Kls=ey.l» .3 0 0 10 2
Krujrer.lf 4 0 0 4 0 Hhea,c -.41121
Grahm.p 3 0 10 2 McFrln,p 4 12 3 3
Totals 40 7 1<3 21 »j Totals 25 11 14 27 13
mrXS AND HITS BT INTCIICGS.
Oakland 0 0 0 3 0 2 2 0 0 — 7
Ease hits 0 1041261 1—16
Portland 3 5 0 2 0 0 1 0 x — 11
Base hits 4 5020030 x— 14
SUMMARY;.
Erro! — El*ey. Two-base hits — Gorton. I»h
rr.an, Murdock. O'Hara. Sacrifice hits — Ander
son. Klsey. Kirst base en errors — Oakland, 1.
First base on called balls — Off Graham. 4; off
KcFferUa, 3. Left on bases— Oakland. 9; Port
land,' 7. Kit by pitcher — Blake. Double play
--Iilake to Eisey. Time of game — 2 hours.
Umpire — Levy.
Such a walloplsg u tbe Oakland Crip
ple* handed Mr. McFaxlao at Recreation
Park yesterday was not beheld by the
rsnkod eye at a ball rams for some little
time. But -with all their powerful club
bing tts charges of Peter only landed
6econd. They created a deal of fun while
they lasted and the game waa good to
look upon. 8core, Portland 11, Oakland 7.
As usual the Vigneux outfit commenced
to do the hammering act without wasting
much valuable time. During- the Initial
etage cf the struggle they took quite a
fancy to the contributions of Mr. Graham
and succeeded in making a lively get
away in the shape of three big tallies and
a bunch of four base hits, all in a row.
These came when base runners were safe
ly anchored, waiting to amble home.
The Portlanders did not linger long
after the opening spasm. Their vision
and batting abilities were also good In
round two, when a bunch of five all
came In a row. These gave them a
swell load anrt every man on the lot
could see the finish.
First race — Armenia, Eagle, Ad
riutha.-
Second race — McChesney, The
Minuteman, Tippecanoe.
Third race — Forward, Albany Girl,
Prairie Flower.
Fourth race — Shorthose, Duke of
Kendal, Gimcrack.
Fifth race^-Tim Payne, Jim Kelly,
Abdell.
Sixth race — McChesney, leader,
Moon Daisy.
By the New York Telegraph
Sixth race, one ana a quarter miles on turf
handicap— Douro 112. Colonsay 93. Yellow Tall
111. Lea.der 97. Florham Queen 05, Moon Daisy
92. Adlos 90. Caughnawaga 114. McChesney 128
SHEEPSHEAD BAY SELECTIONS^
Fourth race, one and three-sixteenth miles
handicap — Caujrhnawaga 115. Shorthose 109*
Gimcrack 106. Duke of Kendal KrfS.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs of Fu
turity course. 2-year-olds — Montnna King- ll*>
Bobadll 112. Jim Kelly 115. Thistle Heather
119, Wotan 112, Molinos 112. Collector Jessup
112, Yellow Hammer 112. Abdell 112 Eacle
109, Tim Payne 112. Grazlallo 112, Hippocrates
109. Monster 109.
Third race, six and a half furlongs of Fu
turity course, gelling— Semper Vivax 98. Haek
ensack 101. Rlnsdove 111. Our Nugget 104 For
ward ll:t. Culonel Tyler 116. Bollna 107 Fleet
ful 08, Effie Sheppard «8. Blue Banner 99 TTil
lando 9X Salora a."{, Helen C H ».'J Squid 9.1
Prairie Flower 03, Calcutta 102. Albany Girl
93. Mlladi Love !«. Thoughtless 93 The Lood
10* Silver Heels 108. P
Second rni-e. one mile, all ages — McChe.sney
122, The Minute-man 9O. Tippecanoe !K>, Ithan
First race, five and a half furlongs of Fu
turity course, maiden 2-year-olds — Fine Art 112
October Flower J15. Blytheness 11G, Gunwaj
112. Flag Officer 115. Ballycastle 113, Adriutha
112. Rob Roy 112. Juvenal Maxim 115 Excla
mation 11.1. Ancestor 112. Eagle 112, Blacka
moor 115. Step Aside 112. Marmee 112. Armenia
112. Mlsylng Link 112. St. Valentine 115, Mohi
can 115. Outcome 112, Don John 115.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY ENTRIES.
NEW YORK. Sept. 3.— Sheepshead Bay en
trU-s:
SIXTH RACE— One and an eighth miles on
turf; selling:
Betting. Hors*. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
15 to 1 — M.Richardson. 109 aligns) 4 2 1 «i
8 to 5 — Vincennes, 105 (O'Neill).. 1 1 2 Hi
10 to 1— Dark Planet. 105 (Gannon) 6 7 3 IVi
Time. 1 :07 1-5. Start good. Won driving.
Wirner, F. OlarkFon's b. t. by Halma-Veneta.
Carbuncle 112. Carroll D 101, Flara 109, East
Kelston IC'J. King Carter 101. Dick Roberts 90,
Nic Ixingworth 90. Nult Blanche 90, also ran.
FIFTH RACE — About two and a half miles;
the Hempstead Cup for Hunters; 6teeplechase;
4-year-olds= and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St «i Fin.
4 to 1 — Jim Nr-wman. 1 1'J (G. Green) 4 1 1 40
4 to 1— Manilian. 14!> (Pending) 3 3 2 1
7 to r»— Almanzor, 1U» (May) 1 2 S 50
Time. f.:l». Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. T. Hitchcock Jr.'i b. g. by Aerofithe-Tld
dledewlnk. K. B. Sack 1«7, The Duffer HG,
also ran.
FOURTH RACF.— One and three-eighths
miles; the Reaper Stakes for 3-year-olds:
Betting. Hor«\ Weight, Jockey. St. »4 Fin.
5 to 1 — Kugenia Burch. 118 (Fulr) 1 2 1 h
11 to 1(1 — Proper, lie (Odom) 4 3 2 "fi
1<» to 1— Sheriff Bell. 121 (Redfrn) 2 4 34
Time, 2:20 4-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. Mrs. L. Curtis' b. f. by Ben Strome-
The number. Faulconbridge 100 also ran.
THIRD RACE— Five furlongs on Futurity
course; the Dash Stakes for 2-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1 — Lady Amelia 104 (Fuller).. 2 112
7 to 1 — Dol. Spanktr, 119 (Gannon) 1 4 2 1*6
4 to 1 — Grenade. K>7 (H. Callahan) 4 2 3 h
Time, 1:(M>. Start bad. Won cleverly. Win
ner. W. Clay's br. f. by Ben Brush-La. Colonla.
Dimple 101, Ormonde's Right 127. Golden Drop
107, Orthodox 1CS, Luxembourg 104. Topic 114.
Gay Lizzette 101. Requiter 105. Long Shot 122.
Gettysburg 104, Monsoon 101. llasedo lt>L So
noma Belle 101, also ran.
SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs on Futurity
course; handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
IS to 5— Flyins Ship, US) (Fuller).. 4 4 11
5 to 1 — Daman. 91 (Hisgins) •> 3 2 «i
11 to 6— Hurstbourne, 122 (Martin). 2 5 3h
Time, 1 :2."> 3-3. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. W. Clay's b. t. by Flying Dutchman-
Thalia. Futurita 105,. Young Henry 12C, Lady
Uncas 100. Stamping Ground 110. Sir Voorhles
1C4. Slid-Il Stroller 100, | Potente 107, St.
Gallen 90, also ran.
Time, 1:14 l!-5. Start bad. Won cleverly.
Winner. F. Burtew"s b. f. by Plaudit-Pocket
Piece. Tol San U6. Avenger 100. Woodshade
!»4. .Short Cake 100, Tower 94, Miss Bhylock OH.
Cyprlenne 104. Gold Tip 07. Lowcut 1)9, Cypsy
Ben l». Destiny 94, Shady Lad 99, BrieryTOS,
Edna hldwards 94, also ran.
Proper at the time was on the inside,
but in the scramble for self-preservation
Odom was forced to pull up on the out
side, but could not overtake the filly, on
which Fuller rode one of his best hand
finishes. Only a head separated the pair
at the end of the struggle, with Sheriff
Bell catching 1 both all ttirough the last
furlong and finishing as if he wanted a
longer race to show to advantage. Sum
mary:
FIRST RACE — Six furlongs on main track;
2-year-olds; selling:
netting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
i:$ to 5— Fcr Luck. 94 (Higgins). ..12 J» 1 h
4 to 1— Tomcod, 1C.'» (Fuller) 8 1 2h
CO to 1— The Bowery. 107 (Gray).. 3 2 3 2»i
Tho contest for the Reapers stakes was
most Interesting. There was Jostling be
tween Sheriff Bell, Proper and Eugenia
Burch as the three passed the clubhouse
and there undoubtedly was a "cross" by
Eugenia Burch when Fuller shot the filly
over from the outside in the race for the
lead as they made the stretch turn.
The fact was that the pacemaker, Faul
conbridge, stopped so fast when still in
fiont that both udom on Proper and Ful
ler on Eugenia Burch were forced to take
chances to avoid losing ground at this
critical juncture.
NEW YORK, Sept 3.-John W. Gates
offered to bet $500 to $100 that tho stew
ards would not disqualify Eugenia Burch
after that filly had finished first In the
Reapers stakes to-day and a foul had
been claimed. The stewards let the num
bers remain as they had been hung upj
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Get Six Hits in One
Inning and Only
Two Buna
Eugenia Burch Wins by
a Head From
Proper.
CRIPPLES RALLY
BUT DO NOT WIN
JOSLTING MARS
REAPERS STAKE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 4, 1903.
Jockey Frawley Pilots Three Winners to Victory in the
Running Events— Ole, Driven by Quinn, Takes the
2:11 Trot in Straight Heats With Forrest W. Second
QUICKENED INTEREST IS APPARENT IN THE STATE FAIR RACES AT SACRAMENTO TRACK
PROMISING TWO-Y EAR-OLD
AT SACRAMENTO, JOCKEY
TULLETT UP.
8
ADVERTISEMEHTS.
1 Men, Women, Heref
I IS HEALTH AND STRENGTH. I
//<%4&w you Electricity, as I have cured £>
'y ; »^^^"k| thousands of others. I can make the g
[-] \te€%w$ll blood circulate in your veins, the «
cj T^S^Sr nerves tingle with vigorous life and •>.
?^ *A*^^1 th 6 spirit of energy show itself in -j
A^ VI every move of your body. I have told «
$ y "^v-L vou at Electricity is "Life," and now ,Q
/. N^ all scientists and doctors are ao- S
§ f\v__w proving my claim. Let me prove it r.
ft W*\\*'i\ A t0 y° u > et ~ ie show you how my §
•5 J \\ F I i 4i method of applying this great power ££
& S% \\. v \ "iS \ vrelL as TCVO^ a^ on^ zc^ medical treatment..
% Dr - McLaughlin's I
I *Wm^M Electric Belt I
I ff&Jm/jf tli V:\4mHt Is a model, a Modern Home §
•Qj p&flpSijY/ I '' I n* »™™* Treatment. O
O> My twenty years of study are shown in this fjrand appliance. You will ft
Q wear it with comfort at night, and the" ELECTRICITY infused Into your O
: A body cures all Nervous and Vital Trouble. Kidney and Bladder Troubles, w
«s Rheumatism, Lame Back, Indigestion. Weak Stomach and all forms of pain V
<5 and weakness. It restores the life while you sleep, and must cure. J?
?J Mr. B. Cavalli of Kearny Park. Fresno. Cal., •writes: "Your Belt has 3
§ done more for me than I ever expected. I have been In bad health for *^
<^ the last twelve years; trying everything I could think of without obtaining V
Q the least relief. Now I consider myself entirely cured. I used to be weak S>,
Q and full of pain; now I am strong and healthy. I shall be glad to answer S
rt any question in regard to the merits of your treatment.** «
3 DO YOU SUFFER? If so, don't hesitate, don't waste your time on
O drugs, which give no strength. "Wear this life-saving appliance as I direct S
& and it will cure you. Come and see me to-day. See what has b«en done S
« for others. Test If free, get my free advice and follow it. You will find it 5
8 the road to health. ,~ #
S READ MY BOOK. g
g I have a book which every man should read (one for women also). It <3
J5 tells facts that are of interest to every man who wants to remain young In i"»
W vitality at any age. Send for this book to-day, if you can't call. I mall 8
9k it sealed, free. If you call I will give you a free test. Remember, my belt O
ft* does not burn, though you can feel the current and can regulate it. I O
K warrant It to give a strong current for years, though no man who uses it O
; jg right needs it over three months. Cut this out and act to-day. «
1 Dr. M. C. McLaughlin; 90i , SV 1
g O 7 8»a Fr»B3l»e», 0C. Ji
i g Office Hours-8 a. m. to 8 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to L ?»WASHINGTON, Sept. 3.— Secretary
Hay has sent a long telegram to
Beaupre, directing him to reiterate to
Hay Notifies Colombia That No
Amendments to Canal Treaty
Will Be Tolerated.
UNITED STATES WILL
BROOK NO DALLYING
DISMISSES INDICTMENTS
AGAINST RAIL OFFICIALS
Court Holds Them Innocent of Crim
inal Responsibility for
a Wreck.
NEWARK. N. J.. Sept. 3.— Chief Jus
tice Gummers in the Essex County court
to-day announced that he had decided to
grant the motion for the dismissal cf the
indictment for manslaughter against tha
directors and officials of the North Jersey
Street Railway Company, who were ac
cused of having, by alleged neglect of
their duties, caused the death of Ernes
tine Miller. Miss Miller, who was a high
school pupil, was killed with eight others
in the Clifton avenue crossing accident on
February 10. The motion to dismiss the
indictment was made at the trial yester
day by Richard V. LJndabary of counsel
for the dafense.
In instructing tho Jury to find a verdict
of not guilty the Chief Justice said that
In order to hold the defendants criminally
responsible It must be shown that they
had failed to perform eoma specific act.
This the State has failed to do. he said.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Several Changes Are Made Among
the Postmasters in the Ser
vice in Oregon.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 3.-Postmaster
commissioned: Oregon— Anna J. Howser,
Blaine.
Fourth class Postmasters appointed:
Oregon— William H. Giley, June, Lane
County, vice Lulu Woods, resigned; An
nie M. Hooker. Panther, Lane County,
vice D. D. Hooker, resigned: Pellt Fick
er, Troy, Wallowa County^ vice Emma P.
"Wilson, resigned.
, Xavy order: Midshipman F. H. Poteet
Is detached from the Fortune and goes to
the New York.
VICTIMS OF HURRICANE
ARE IK NEED OP HELIEIP
Letters From Grand Cayman Eeport
People to Be on Verge of
Starvation.
MOBILE. Ala.. Sept. 3.— Letters from
Georgetown, Grand Cayman, dated Aug
ust 17 and IS, report the damage by tha
hurricane of August 11 much worse than
at first reported. One writer says:
"If the islands are hot afforded relief
every one will starve in a week. Show
this letter to the newspapers, that they
may let the world know of the condition
of the Island and the people."
GUTHRIE. O. T.. Sept. 3. — A Rambler
named C. D. Kim was beatme a woman at
Kaw City and when Officer Kenner attempted
to stop the row the jrambler drew a ptstol and
shot Ker.ner through the body, producing a
fatal wound. 1 The murderer escaped.
Christian Is married and Is about 33
years old. He has enjoyed an excellent
reputation at Crockett, which has long
been his horue. He has been released on
$2500 bail. The officers who caused Chris
tian's arrest say that the stealing had
been in progress only a week or so.
It is claimed by the company's officers
that ample evidence has been gathered
to warrant Christian's arrest. The bul
lion was removed from the works while
in a state of process under leflning. It
was therefore easy of identification, as
there were peculiarities about the metal
which marks It beyond mistake. The
company's officers refuse to tell the meth
od they used to run down the .theft.
They claim their system is needed as a
protection against similar breaches of
trust among the 50) employes at fae
smelter.
CROCKETT. Sept. 3.-Thomas Chrls>
tian, an employe of the Selby Smelting
"Works here, has been arrested on a
charge of stealing $1500 worth of silver
bullion from the works. Christian haa.
been in the company's employ for ten
years and was considered a most reliable
man^ He was exposed while selling some
of the bullion by detectives in the com
pany s service and was taken Into cus
tody at his home in Crockett last ntgKt.
Christian, according to officials of the
works, had taken advantage of hia op
portunities as a trusted workman to take
the bullion in small quantities and dis
pose of it under cover of the subterfuga
that he was a miner, but the perfect sys
tem now employed at the smelter caused
the thefts to be speedily brought to light
and the culprit as accused landed In the
hands of the authorities. After the thefts
were detected a careful watch was quietly
maintained.
. Special Dispatch to The Call.
Article VIII — The countries that have not
adhered to the future conventions may be ad
mitted on their making a request to that
effect.
Article VII — The provisions of the future
conventions are not ai>pUc&ble to wireless
telegraph stations that are not open to the
general telegraphic service except In regard
to the clauses embodied In articles IV and V.
Article VI — The contracting governments re
serve the right to make separate arrange
ments for the purpose of compelling the con
tractors working within their territory on
wireless telegraph stations to obey only through
other stations the modifications of the future
convention.
Article IV — Wireless stations must, unless
there should be absolute Impossibility, accept
requests for help that may come from vessels.
Article V — The service of the wireless tele
graph . stations must be organized as far as
practicable so as not to Interfere with the
service of other stations.
Article III — The provisions of the telegraphic
convention of St. Petersburg are applicable
to the transmission of wireless telegraphy In
so far as they do not conflict with those of
the future convention.
Article II — Regulations which will be an
nexed " to tha convention that is to be per
fected will establish the rules applicable to
the exchange of communications between the
posts and on board the vessels. The pro
visions of these regulations may be at any
time modified by common understanding: be
tween the contracting states.
Artlclo I— The exchange of correspondence
between vessels at sea and wireless coast sta
tions open to tho general telegraphies service
is subject to the following conditions:
1 — Any fixed station whose field of action
extends to tho sea ia called coast station. 2 —
Coast stations are bound to receive and trans
mit telegrams originating from or Intended for
vessels at sea without any distinction of wire
less telegraph system used by the latter. 3 —
The contracting parties shall publish any tech
nical Information likely to facilitate or expe
dite communication between coast stations and
ships at »ea; however, each one of the con
tracting governments may authorize the sta
tions established on Its territory, under such
conditions as It may see fit. to make use of
several Installations or special arrangements.
4 — The contracting parties state and declare
they adopt for the fixing of tariffs applicable
to the telegraphic exchange -between vessels
at aea and the international telegraph sys
tem, the following basis:
The total tax to collect for such traffic in
cludes (A) the tax pertaining to the traffic of
the line of the telegraph system, the amount
of which is that fixed by the International tel
egraphic regulations now in existence append
ed to the St. Petersburg convention; • (B.)
the tax appertaining to the maritime course.
The latter is, as the first one, fixed according
to the number of words, and such number o(
words being reckoned In accordance with the
International telegraphic regulations mentioned
in paragraph "A," also above. It Includes:
First, a tax styled "coast tax," which belongs
to the said station: second, a tax called "ves
sel tax," which belongs to the post estab
lished on the ship. A coast station tax is sub
ject to the approval of the state on whoso
territory the station Is established, and a ves
sel tax to the approval of the state whose flag
is borne by the vessel. Each one of these
two taxes is to be fixed on the basis of an
equitable remuneration for the telegraphic
work. *
WASHINGTON, Sept. 3.— The final pro
tocol of tha International wireless tele
graph conference held in Berlin last
month was made public to-day at the
State Department. General Greely was
chairman of the American commission.
This commission had no authority to
make any agreement for the United
States, but the protocol embodies, in moat
of the essential features, the views ex
pressed by the American commissioners.
Another conference will be held, and If all
the delegates have full powers the proto
col no doubt will be embodied in a treaty
for the government of international wire
less telegraph communication. Following
ia the text of the protocol:
Officials Say He Carried
Away a Large Amount
of Silver.
Wireless Telegraph Commu
nication to Be Governed
by Strict Rules.
Employe of the Selby .
Smelting Works Is
Arrested.
State Department Gives
Result of Berlin
. Conference.
BULLION THEFT
THE ACCUSATION
FINAL PROTOCOL
IS MADE PUBLIC
OBSERVE CHILE'S INDEPENDENCE. —
The ninety-third anniversary of the Ind«pend
ence of Chile will be celebrated Friday, Sep
tember 18, at Union Square IlalL
•OAKLAND. Sept. 3— Walter Bachelder,
charged with arson by Frank Silva of
J^mhuret, was freed to-day by Justice of
the Peace Geary after preliminary exami
nation. There was no testimony to con
•jrect Eacneldc-r with the fires that have
caused much annoyance at Elmburst.
Arson Case Dismissed.
JEWISH ORIGIN* OF "EVERYMAN."—
RabU Isadore Myers will lecture to-morrow
morning in the Bush-street Synagogue on "The
Jewish Origin of Everyman."
A loud explosion from the roof of the
building at the southwest corner of Pine
and Kearny streets caused a scare short
ly after 11 o'clock yesterday morning. Po
liceman Cayanaugh went to the roof and
found that an office boy had fined a piece
of cardboard with powder, tied a copy of
a newspaper around it with a string and
set lire to the paper, causing the explo
sion. Cavanaugh secured possesion of the
exploded bomb and took it to police head
auarter*
Office Boy Causes a Scare.
R. F. Glnchard, commission merchant,
507 Front street, secured a warrant from
Police Judge Cabanlsa yesterday after
noon for the arrest of Jasper Garabedian,
a farmer in Fresno County, on a charge
of obtaining money by false pretenses.
He alleges that he purchased- a carload
of melons from Garabedian while in the
railroad yards here, on the understanding
that the freight had been paid, but he
was compelled to pay the freight, which
amounted to $141.
Did Not Pay the Freight.
* BERKELEY. Sept. 4.— The adoption of a
coTistitution to govern the Glee Club by the ex
ecutive committee of the Associated Students
" Jart night is the final etep in the arrangements
*»nsic!n« for the control of that organization by
tbie student body. The most radical, chajjge
¦nurfrurbt by the constitution is that which pro
\-fdes that all songsters may be eligible to
xmtabertnlp if they p«bs the try-out commit
tee, their acceptance t»t members not depend-
Irrg as heretofore, on the vote of the other
intrnbers of the club. Control cf the Glee Club
\- .:.— purchased at a. stiff price, as its members
. crJused to retire unless the student body as
• rum'cd its debts, which amount to $2000, The
try-outs for members will be held at 7:10
o'clock cn September 11 and 12. in Stiles Hall.
The two performances of "Everyman"
brought $1000 to lion Greet, the English miuia
c^r of the company. This is net. as the uni
versity furclehed the hall and all the acces
' rorles- There were about 1200 spectators at
•the performances. ¦* - ¦*•
. aW IJltck was re-trlected leader of the
r.art'lo' Mandolin and Glee Clubs at la«t night's
!«rftitM? of the executive committee of the Ae
1 f?iciated Students. J. A. McCulIough was
chosen assittant tennis manager. Nominations
?'j yell leader will be held to-morrow afternoon
ft 4 o'clock on the bleachers and -the election
vyi be held a week later.
University Events.
FBESXO, Sept. 3. — The new home of the
Chamber of Commerce, which has been under
construction in Depot Park, is not yet finished,
but the Chamber is moving in and within a
short time will be ready to meet friends old
and new. The membership of the Chamber is
now SOS. .: s
LONDON. Sept 3. — The Peking correspond
ent of the Timea'Miys it is practically certain
that the editor and staff of the Chinese reform
newspaper at Shanghai, the Supao. will not
be eurrendered to the Chinese authorities.
PHOT* /GRAPHS OF THE MOON. — The free
public lecture by Profeseor liaumgardt on "The
Latent from the Heavens" will be given in the
auditorium of the Young Men's Christian As
sociation this evening. Special photographs of
the moon will be shown.
LONDON. Sept. 3. — In reply to a question
regarding his reported intention to retire from
the leadership of the Liberal party in the
House cf Commons. Sir Henry Campbell-Ban
norman to-day telegraphed that there was "no
truth whatever" In the report.
CLEVELAND, Sept. 3. — Ths Democratic
State campaign Tvill open at Akron Septem
ber 0. Mayor Johnson will carry his tent and
automobile on a special car.
HAMILTON, Ohio. Sept. 3. — Alfred Knapp,
known as the stranpler. was taken to Colum
bus to-day by Sheriff Bisdorff to await hts
execution "in the electric chair on December 12.
WOODLAND, SeDt. 3. — The oldest eon of
Stephen Bentley, who lives between Elkhorn
farm and the Sacramento, was drowned in the
river late this afternoon while he was fishing,
his boat beinir capsized.
HILL. VALLEY. Sept. 3. — The Town Trus
tees of Mill Valley have accepted the offer of
the San Francisco Savings Union to take up
their bonds and to pay a premium of flOOO.
The bond issue is $50,000.
GUTHIUE, O. T., Sept 5. — Mrs. Rhodes,
•who lived eight miles north of Woodln,
Washita County, was struck by lightning while
milking a cow and instantly killed. The bolt
also killed two cows and a calf.
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
Japanese in Hawaii Are Organizing.
HONOLULU,. Sept. 3.-The 7000 Japa
nese in the Hawaiian Islands are being
organized in one body with Consul Saito
as president of the society. The objects
of the association are manifold, It being
the intent of the organizers to better
the conditions of the Japanese popula
tion in every way possible. One of the
chief objects of the association will be
the settlement of labor difficulties invol
ving Japanese employes.
It is proposedto establish hospitals for
the Japanese and schools for the children
and to counteract as much as possible
the tendency of some portions of the
Japanese population to lead lives of idle
ness and Ignorance.'
PHILIPPINE CONSTABLES
BATTLE WITH INSURGENTS
Twenty Rebels Are Killed During- a
Sharp Engagement in the
Province of Cavite.
MANILA, Sept. 3.— The Jolo constabu
lary have come into contact with a body
of lnsurrectos in the province of Cavite,
near the Laguna de Bay, and killed twen
ty of them during a sharp engagement.
The constabulary had one man killed dur
ing the fight. Reinforcements have al
ready left Manila for the scene of ths
disturbance to subdue the insurgents, who
have taken up a strong position in the
mountains which flank the lacuna.
Noted Lawyer Is Seriously HI.
NEW YORK, Sept. 3.— Frederic Cou
dert, the famous New York lawyer, is se
riously ill at his home on Cove Neck, L.
I. He is under the constant care of a
physician. Coudert is suffering from a
heart affection, which has before threat
ened his life, but the trouble Is now said
to be so bad as almost' to preclude hope
of hl» recovery. . "v; •-
VENEZUELA NEGOTIATES
LOAN FROM PAHIS BANKS
Syndicate Signs' Agreement With
Senor Velutini to Advance
860,000,000.
LONDON, Sept. 4.— The- Brussels cor
respondent of the Dally Telegraph says
an agreement concerning the Venezuelan
debt was signed yesterday (Thursday)
between a syndicate of Paris banks and
Senor Velutinl, the Venezuelan represen
tative. A "new loan of JGO.000,000, guaran
teed by the custom receipts, will be is
sued. ' .
The agreement requires the approval of
the Venezuelan Parliament. .
Marriage Licenses.
• OAKLAND, Sept. 3.-The following
marriage licenses were issued by -the
County Clerk to-day: Jose P. Fontes, 42,
Centerville," and Mary Medeiras, 20, Niles;
Oscar . M. Bennett, 34, Berkeley, and
Bertha R. Olsen, 28, Oakland; David M.
Gregory; 27, Guineme, and Anita E. Lohse
24, Oakland; James C. Bennett, 47, San
Francisco, and Ida May Whipple, 40, Oak-
Demand Trial of Eegicides.
VIENNA, Sept. 3.— It is reported from
Belgrade that the Servian officers who
were not concerned in the recent coup
d'etat, the assassination of King Alex
ander and Queen Draga and their Min
isters, are demanding a court-martial of
the conspirators. ' If their demand is re
fused they, will resign their commissions.
Dynamiters Blow Up a Home.
¦ KEYSTONE, Ind., Sept. 3.-Tho resi
dence of Abraham Showalter, who has
been prominently connected with the anil
saloon movement, was entirely] demolish
ed early this morning by dynamite. Tho
family of five persons escaped with their
lives. All were slightly injured by being
covered by; the ruins. — ___
OAKLAND, Sept. 3.— Robert Melvin has
been elected track captain of the Oakland
High School track team. Melvin is a
champion hurdler of the Academic Ath
letic League.
Elect Track Captain.
Probing into the principles of psychic
science is something that Is attracting
widespread attention at the present time.
San Franciscans have an excellent oppor
tunity to study these occult phenomena
Just now, as Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall, the
world renowned exponent of psychic sub
jects, Is giving a Eerles of lectures and
demonstrations at Steinway Hall. For
years past the marvelous psychic devel
opment of this celebrated English physi
cian has been commented upon by press
and public alike, In this 'country as well
as Europe. Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall does not
surround himself with mystery. He
claims no supernatural agency in his
psychic manifestations, and his lucid,
scientific explanation of the laws gavern
lng phenomena of the mind appeals to
the Intelligence of his audiences. For the
coming Sunday night Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall
has invited a San Francisco physician,
Dr. Albert J. Atklns t to tell the audience
of his recent discovery of the life prin
ciple. The local press reported this start
ling discovery at the time, but were.un
able to secure the full account of Dr.
Atkins' researches and experiments in
what he has termed "Human Electricity."
The Jecture will be one of vast scientific
importance and will no doubt attract a
large audience. Following Dr. Atkins'
lecture, Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall will give
manifestations of his marvelous mental
powers in entertainlne and Interesting
phenomena, ... !
Mclvor-Tyndall's Lectures.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 3.-The following
Californians registered here to-day: At
the Raleigh— L. F. Haber and Charles S.
Fredericks of San Francisco.
Californians in Washington.
OAKLAND, Sept. 3.— The annual meet
ing of the Woman's Christian Temperance
Union will be held to-morrow morning at
10 o'clock at the First Methodist Church
lecture-rooms.
W. C. T. 17. Meeting.
NEW YORK, Sept. 3.— From San Fran
cisco—Mrs. Kchrlein, at the Savoy; A.
Less, at the Herald Square; A. Le3s. at
the Hotel Wellington; M. J. and W. Re
qua, at the Netherland; F. E. Ware, at
the Grand; S. Alexander, at the Ven
dome; M. J. Grammont, at the Hoffman;
E- L. &nd,W. Ritson, at the Marlborough;
M. Farrington, at the Winsonla; S. C.
Houghton, at the Astor; M. Lafee, at the
Navarre. From Los Angeles— Mrs. R.
Clark, at the Metropole; Miss Andrlot, at
the Continental. From Redding— J. W.
Potts, at the Herald Square; J. Baker Jr.,
at the Marlborough.
Californians in New York.
ASBURY PARK, N. J., Sept. 3.-Depew,
the California sleuth, Is hot on the trail
of Dr. John D. Wood, In whose house Col
onel Best died some time ago under sus
picious circumstances. It is said that on
several occasions Depew has been almost
on the back of his man. In a Western
New York town ho missed him by ten
minutes. »
"Wood, it is said, changes his ndme at
will. He has apparently unlimited re
sources. The fugitive two weeks ago was
traced to Asbury Park. There it Is
claimed he lived In seclusion under an
assumed name. Depew followed, but
Wood fled. Depew swears he will yet put
handcuffs on Dr. Wood.
Swears He Will Yet Put Hand
cuffs on the Fugitive Prom
Marin County.
DETECTIVE DEPEW STILL
HOPES TO DETECT DR. WOOD
In a suit for divorce filed yesterday by
Sarah J. Parquer against William F. Par
quer, a painter, ehe alleges that for the
last year he has almost continually
abused her. She says that he has struck
her on numerous occasions and has very
often called her vile names. They were
married In 1S92, live at 504 Fulton street
and have two .children-
Suits for divorce were also filed by May
belie E. Glrard against W. L. Girard for
neglect and "Wetmore K. Lamoureaux
against Victoria B. Lamoureaux for de
sertion.
Divorces were granted to Louisa Haag
from C. F. Haag for cruolty, Jessie Ham
ilton from Walter Hamilton for cruelty,
Ida M. Chase from Willis S. Chase for
insertion, R. .t-». Dixon from James P.
Dixon for neglect, Julius Druskin from
Fannie Druskin for desertion. Mary Mor
lock from William Morlock for infidelity
and Charlotte A. Murphy from Harry J.
Murphy for nejr'-ect.
Sarah J. Parquer Files Divorce Suit
Because, She Alleges, She Has
Been Beaten and Cursed.
CLAIMS HTJSBAND HAS BEEN
CRUEL TO HER FOR A YEAR
The woman gave him the money and
after he had left reported the matter to
the policeman on the beat, who notified
his superiors. Chief Wittman instructed
Captain Mooney and Lieutenant Gleeson
to make an investigation. They took
Trade on Wednesday afternoon to the
woman and she Identified him as the
man who extorted the $5 from her. The
Chief promptly suspended Trade, and yes
terday Trade sent In his resignation.
Charles E. Trade, a patrol wagon driver
at the City Hall police station, tendered
his resignation to the Police Commission
ers yesterday to save himself from be
ing tried on a charge of extorting money
from Fannie Mann, a ¦woman of the half
world living- on Taylor street. Trade,
while off duty on Tuesday night, went
to the woman's room and, presenting 1 his
star, demanded $5, and said he would ar
rest her for vasraffcy if she refused ihe
money. He covered the words "patrol
driver" on his star with his hand, leav
ing exposed the word "police."
Charles E. Trade Is Accused of Ex
torting Money From Woman
of Half -World.
PATROL WAGON DRIVER,
TENDERS RESIGNATION
REDWOOD CITY, Sept. 3.— The body of
a dead man was brought to this place
from Colma on a late train to-night. A
passbook of the German Savings and
Loan Society of San Francisco found on
his person contains the names of Lunke
Nasser and Maria Leisner and shows a
deposit of 5597 to the credit of these per
sons.
The particulars of the man's death are
unknown, further than that he was
struck by the train which brought him
here. Tho man is of sandy complexion
and had two plain gold rings on his right
hand. His right leg Is shorter by several
Inches than his left. The body has been
taken charge of by Coroner James Crowe
and lies at tho Morgue. *
Is Found on the
Body.
Passbook of a San Francisco Sank
UNKNOWN MAN IX)SES
LIFE BENEATH A TRAIN
Lemonade — Mrs. H. Derby. Mrs. A Thomp
foh. Mrs. T. F. Whr-lan. Mrx. J. Ellir. Miss
I^eretta Knapp, Mies M. Manvlllna. Mlsn
tKsie Whelan. MIfs M. Stetson. Miss Hose
Kdr)t. Mis» E. Boillot.
Candy — Miss Josephine N'esbltt. Miss Marv
XIcEKinaJd. Miss Ada Kenna. Miss Veronica
J-ynrh, "Mies Mareuerltte Gaillard Miss Mon
•Jca 'Lynch. Mrs. D. W. Baxter, Mr«. \y. Ho-
F*rty, Miss M. Gannon, Miss Cecelia Sunol
M)s* }{• Commins, MIm Farnum. "
. Kalad— Mrs. II B. Kr.app. MIps F. Donovan
iMJfis Annie Howard. Mrs. C. GaiUard. Mrs'
%1. J.' Donovan. Mrj«. J. Abreau, Mist Evelyn
Cordon. iilBe A. Commins.
Reception— D. S. Dimond (chairman) Wil
1:fcra Hcifrarty. Bout Votau. John J. Hogarty
Anten Marks. Jo».-j,h Dtars. Cecil T. Walker!
Ji. r.ry Derby. A. K. rtz. M. Itoach, J. T. Har
r.irjiV'n: D. W. Baxter. W. V. Harrington
fko** glattery, C A. Hcrby, William OCon
riell. J. \\" Burke. l»h!:ij> Kretz. Manuel Jo
n.i'h, John EIUf. M. J. Keller. P. Gllardin
•Affiton Kretr. Albert Farnum, John J. Agnew]
, •>. Font<\ John H. Reilley, Jeremiah Healy'
1 Ir. B, £w tson, Kmmet A. Commins.
Press— M. A. Mclnr.is (chairman), Frank
I>rady, J. T. llarrir^ton. C. It. MuUrew
; -He'treehments — Mrs. Hugh Hogan, Hiss Mary
Morjitt. Miss Emma Moffitt. Miss Mary Carr
.Mus. li. Stetson. MIbf Leza. White, Mrs. M*
<"u!len. Mrs. J. F. Hanlon. Mrs. G*-org» HaJ
larran. Miss May Hoffan, Miss Haze] Hcgan
•Miy» . Virginia Tyrrell, Ml*s A. McMenamin'
MIbr J.. l^amb, MiF* M. Fitzplbbon, Miss Cthei
.J^ealey. Mrs. Charles Huff, Mies Esttlle Grand-
Jtan. Mrs.- J. J. Hoearty.
'•SaniJwichw and coffee — Mrs. R. Kltton. Mrs
F. Garcia. Mrs. C. II. O'Connor. Miss Mary
Phert, Mrs. O. C. Kirk, Mrs. J. c. Ph'lns
: Mr». T. P. Hogan, Mr?. H. H. McKowan Misi
C. fitzgerald. Mits Mary Harrington. Miss H
II^rrinKton. MIfs Marjrarpt Xolan, Mies Min
nie Nolan. Mrs. P. M. Saul. """
¦floor — Thon-.as E. Kane (ruanager), E. T.
•\f IJicu lassinant), J. J. McDonald. Dr. F.
BuUivaa. P. N. Uanrahan. L/r. J. M. Kane T.
'-Gallagher, Jost-ch P. Kelleher. John J. O'C^on
¦.nor.
Mufic — John Ellis (chairman), Frank White,
-JVi"-jjh T. Scott, John K. Fox.
Gate ar.d game jirizes— Frank H. Garcia
¦<chairrr.am, Mrs. J. B. Derby, Mrs. F. H.
<*ar<ia. Mm. Ilyken, Mis* JoEle JCeebltt, Mi»«
Jiel'fc O'Mai!«-y, Mij-s Clarice Graves. Hiss Lucy
Jjonovar.. Ml^s- Mamie Cordon, lire. Cullen
.a'.rtr li. II. Hammond.
' irrttrLainnserjt— J. J. Rosborough, A. J. Rot.
boromfa.
¦¦ General executive — Hugh Ilogan (chairman),
21. A. Mclnnis Rev. P. c. Yorke
< treasurer). Thomas Kane, M. J. Keller. F. H.
"<J»rcia. J. J. Iio»l>oroueh. John £llis, D. la.
XMmondi Jame* Kenna.
• Programme — M. J. Keller (chairman), Cecil
T. Walker. W. H. Geary, William O'Connell,
Charles IXrby. Maurice FKztfibbon, Edward
K'-r.ie. J. E. MoElroy, Fred Fitzgibbon, Frank
J. Nolan, Mr*. Fitton. Miss Mary Moffitt, Miss
J'iiv Lurr.b, Miss J.< r.n White, Miss Lucy Don
ovan,- Mrr. W..K. Ueary. Albert Keller, James
fci.ettfry, John \V. Uurke. Georg-e Keller.
: •Tick.-t— P. Mahoney (chairman), William
¦PSei-ard. Thomas F. Whelan, C. W. Harris,
Thomas Dean; M. FitzKibbon.
¦ and garnet — James Kenna (cljalr
¦tr.&nj. T. P. OTJcwd, John Pureell, I). H. Har-
Mn, Alo'rt Cordon. Dr. Georye Harris, Judge
V. E. O»>ary. Charles A. Derby. Henry Votau,
W. J. Mulgrtw. Arthur II. Agnew, A- Keller.
J.T. Karrlnjrton.
OAKLAXD i Sept. 3. — Arrangements for
Et. Anthony's parish picnic which will
be held at Idora I'ark on Labor day are
completed. A large booth has been erect
«d on the crounds in which the members
of "the Catholic Ladies' Aid Society will
serve refreshments during the day and
evening. The regular tickets for the pic
rJcwiU admit the holders to the theater
end other attractions of the park, as well
as io the track and field events in which
tf.-a.ins from the Oaelic Athletic Associa
tion will take part.
¦'. -The following committees are in charge
cl'the arrangements and programme:
Committees of St. Anthony's Parish
of East Oakland Arrange Pro
gramme of Events.
WILL GIVE LABOR DAY
PICNIC AT IDORA PARK
Captain James A. Goodin, Seventh In
fantry, has been granted a leave of ab
sence, which he will spend In Virginia.
The Fifteenth Cavalry, which has been
In the Philippines about two years, will
soon be on its way home. It has done
good work in the islands and Captain
Pershlng has proved himself an able of
ficer. The Fourteenth Cavalry will leave
here on the Logan on Saturday to relieve
the Fifteenth.
Captain William Wallace left for Port
land. Or., Tuesday evening to take charge
of the recruiting station at that point. He
was accompanied by his family.
Surgeon General Robert O'Reilly will
begin his Inspection of the general hos
pital at . the . Presidio this morning at 10
o'clock.
Orders have been issued assigning the
Twenty-eighth to the Department of Cali
fornia and it rests with General Mac-
Arthur as to which post they shall be
sent.
In all probability the Twenty-eighth
Infantry, w^Uch Is now under orders to
return from the Philippines, will be sta
tioned at the Presidio.
Fifteenth Cavalry Will Soon Leave
the Philippines for, the
United States.
TWENTY-EIGHTH INFANTRY
WILL COME TO CALIFORNIA
Dr. I. O. Aiken, medical superintendent
of the Masonic Home at Decoto, told of
being called in the case. He found a
Ehattered arm and a fractured skull, and
testified to the belief that L-e injury
would be permanent.
Dr. F. Bryant explained how a space
of shattered bone two by three inches
had been taken from the girl's head. This
space is now covered by the brain tissue,
the scalp and hair only. His belief was
that nervousness and general debility
would be a permanent result of her in
juries.
Dr. L. F. Herrlck testified that he had
made an examination of the girl and
taken data in regard to the case. He
stated that she had fallen off in* weight
from 124 pounds two years ag:o to about
104. He answered a hypothetical ques
tion as to the result of such Injuries in
about the same strain as the doctors who
preceded him.
OAKLAND, Sept. 3.— In the case of lit
tle Gertrude Thompson against the South
ern Pacific Company, wherein she sues
for {25,515 damages for injuries, the prin
cipal point to-day was the testimony of
doctors. The 16-year-old girl was thrown
from the steps of a car two years ago by
the sudden starting of a tjjaJn at Niles
station.
Testify in Damage Suit Trial of Ger
trude Johnson Against South
ern Pacific Company.
SURGEONS TELL STORY
OF INJURIES DONE
Volney D. Williamson, a mining engi
neer, who was associated with the late
Victor Clement In several mining under
takings In Mexico, Is at the Palace. He
arrived yesterday from the southern re
public, where ho has been engaged in set
tling up the affairs of his dead partner.
Bishop Cranston of the Methodist Epis
copal church of Oregon arrived from
Portland yesterday and Is staying at the
Occidental. He Is h«re to attend various
conferences and will open the general
conference, which convenes at Pacific
Grove on September 9.
General A. S. Klmball, retired, and wife
are at the Occidental, having come from
Los Angeles, where they have been vlait
ingv friends.
Vice -President Kendrlck of the Santa
Fe road departed for the East last night.
A later -train carried General Manager
Wells and Passenger Agent Byrne, who
were here with Mr. Kendrick, to the
southern part of the State.
Lieutenant Philip Andrews, U. S. N.,
flag officer with Admiral Glass on the
New YoTk, is spending a few days In San
Francisco with his family.
Mrs. Rowe, wife of Bishop Rowe of
Alaska, and her son arrived from the
north yesterday and are registered at the
Occidental.
. Senator Curtin of Sonora Is/at' the Cali
fornia." •
'' Dr. D. Smith of LJvermore is registered
at the Grand. \ '. ¦ .
" H. R. Coates, a merchant 'of Los An
geles, is at the Grand. .. - -
• H. A. Jastro, a capitalist of Bakersfleld,
is staying at the Grand. . '.; '
' Henry G. Turner, a lawyer of Modesto,
is a guest at the Grand, i > •'
: W. H. Hatton, an attorney of Modesto,
and wife are at the Lick."
J. A. Bentley, a prominent business man
of Modesto, is at the California.
EUwood Cooper, the well-known olive
grower of Ellwood;-is at the Lick.
• G. K. Gilbert of the Geological Survey
of Washington is at the Occidental.
Jacob Mortenson, a wealthy lumber
man of Oak Park, 111., is at the Palace.
W. A. Clark Jr., son of the Montana
Senator, and F. E. Shaw arrived from
Butto yesterday and are registered at the
Palace. ,
The Columbia trophy match to-day, was
open to teams of six men each from each
regimental troop, battery and sepa
rate company of the National Guard
and Naval Reserve of New Jersey. The
team representing the First New Jersey
Regiment finished in the first place, with
a total of 2G2 out of a possible 300.
SEA GIRT, Sept. 3:— A heavy fog com
pletely enveloped the rifle range here this
afternoon ! and ended all work before the
targets, preventing the * finish of the in
terstate regimental match and the New
Jersey "Natiohar Guard match. The Co
lumbia trophy match was the only one
concluded. Twenty of the 'twenty-seven
teams competing for the Interstate tro
phy finished, but' the only work done in
the New- Jersey National Guard match
wn^s the firing at the 200 yard stage. To
morrow's programme Includes the Wim
bledon cup match and the match open
to Inspectors of rifle practice. Both are
individual contests.
Prevents Finish of Interstate Regi
mental and New Jersey State
Guard <Matcb.es.
FOG COMPLETELY ENVELOPS
' RIFLE ' RANGE AT SEA GIRT
PERSONAL MENTION.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Sept. 3.— Since the
publication of the fact that Secretary
Shaw had selected a list of banks to be"
designated as United States depositories
in tha distribution of the emergency fund
many of the bankers are redoubling their
efforts to obtain the desired privilege ana
others are sending in applications. All
kinds of political Influences are at work,
and the Secretary on his return' may find
himself in hot water.
No statement can be obtained at the
Treasury Department as to the method by
v'hlch it was determined just which banks
should receive ' deposits, but the impres
sion prevails among some bankers that
the selections were made In some cases
as the- result of influence, and they are
bringing all 'the political pressure to bear
that they can obtain. In some cases Sen
ators and Representatives are strongly
urging that certain banks be given de
posits. •; '» ¦'.'.. . •
A ; ChIcago dispatch to-night quotes Sec
retary Shaw as saying the deposits in the
national banks will not at present be ma
terially increased • out of 'the emergency
fund, -and that, thus far deposits have
only, been sent to a few agricultural dis
tricts, where applications had been made
by. the banks. months ago. Increased de
posits at -the national, banks may be
made, however, in case of emergency.
Special Dispatch to The - Call.
The police told to a jury to-day the
story of the murder of Elizabeth Leroy
and the capture of Victor Walkirez, the
murderer. The day was consumed in the
examination of Detective George J. Kyte,
Captain of Police W. J. Petersen and
Chiet of Police Hodgklns.
Detective Kyte was the first witness
called, and with a diagram of the prem
ises at the house where the woman was
murdered pointed out to the Jury where
the hidden grave was discovered and
where the blood stains were on the floor,
and described the position the body was
in when it was unearthed.
Captain of Police Petersen gave an ac
count of Walkirez"s flight through Hay
wards and Hollister and his final capture
at Gilroy. He detailed the confession
made by Walkirez on his way back to
this city and also the confession made
in the City Prison here, which was taken
down in shorthand.
Chief of Police Hodgklns gave a de
tailed narrative of what had been done
to effect the fugitive's capture, and also
corroborated Captain Petersen's account
of the confession made by the prisoner.
Effort was made by the defense to-day
to induce Captain of Police Petersen to
testify that he believed Walkirez to be
weak-minded, but the po'ice official flatly
declared his conviction that the negro
possessed average intelligence.
The prosecution's main case will close
to-morrow after Mrs. Annie Ross, Wal
kirez's companion, has testified.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept. 3.
"I told th« fellow I would shoot him if
he attempted to come out of the closet,"
Dr. Richardson testified. "He said he
was unarmed and declared that he had
been drinking at Lorin and did not know
how he had got into the house— that he
had been around it twenty times trying
to get out."
Mrs. Richardson was not present, as
her testimony was not necessary. Town
Marshal Kerns told how tho man had
been turned over to him and then Justice
Edgar held him to answer before the
Superior Court with bonds fixed at $3000.
Dr. Richardson and Mr. Wilkinson told
how they had been aroused In the night
and had gone downstairs with Mrs.
Richardson: how Dr. Richardson saw the
burglar in the closet and Mrs.' Richard
son slammed the door in hia face: how
they called the police and delivered the
prisoner into the hands of the law.
BERKELEY, Sept 3.— In ..Justice Ed
gar's court this morning Charles T. Gay
lor heard witnesses tell how they cap
tured him as he lay secreted in a music
closet early last Tuesday morning. Pro
fessor Leon J. Richardson and Mrs.
Richardson, assisted by Warring Wilkin
son, mad© the capture that resulted In
Gaylor's examination for burglary to-day.
The story of the exciting capture did
not move the prisoner, and while the
testimony was being taken he stared at
the wall. He was not represented by
counsel and made no defense, though he
had summoned some witnesses to testify
that ha was drunk on the night of the
burglary. To all questions from. Justice
Edgar and Deputy District Attorney
Hynes he replied that he had nothing to
say.
Joseph A. Freitas, a laborer.vllving at
236 Harlan street, was shot in the left
arm and chest to-night at 8:30 o'clock by
Esmond Smith,. an employe of the Pacific
States Telephone Company in San Fran
cisco. ¦ Smith lives at 1418 Irvin street,
Lorin, where he was arrested shortly aft
erward. •
Freitas and , his brother. Prank met
Smith and Earl Burpee at the corner of
Harlan and Peralta streets and attacked
Smith, claiming that the telephone, man
had insulted Frank some time before by
abusing him to a young woman of -their
acquaintance. During the mix-up Smith
pulled a pistol and fired two shots, one
of which" struck Joseph -Freitas. ~ Smith,
in defense, said be had twice been as
saulted In San Francisco by ' strikers ; and
that he carried the weapon for self-pro
tection. When the Freitas brothers ap
proached,.Smith claims, one of them said:
"There's the - — .',*>¦. and struck him in
the face. Smith shot first at one and
then at the other ?brother, after which he
stopped' firing, warning the second man
that he.would kill him if he. moved near
er. The Freitas boys started away, and
Smith and Burpee also left, the 'scene. At
the Receiving" Hospital* the , bullet". was
found in j Freitas' chest,- just under; the
skin. His injuries are slight.
Oakland Offlc© San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept. 3.
. Colonel Eddy said: "Though Mr. Kelly
is interested in this matter, I represent
William Burke, the petitioner. His
mother'* interest in this property was
deeded away unlawfully and we propose
now to probate the estate of the young
man's grandfather."
In answer to a question, Martin Kelly
.paid: "I am an old friend of the Dove
J-amily and have known them for years.
2 am interested in this suit."
The petition fcr letters of administra
tion Is liled In the name of William
Burke, a grandson of the original Wil
liam Dove. His mother was Mary Burke,
¦who. with her two brothers, it is said,
ehou-ld have shared the interest in their
father's property. Young Burke has just
tome of age.
The claim, as stated by Colonel Eddy
end Martin Kelly to-day, is this: Dove
died owninp: this property and leaving a
widow and three children— William Jr..
Hector and Mary. It is claimed that Dove's
estate was never probated. His widow
rharried again and she and her second
¦husband sold the land and gave a deed
to the same. The claim is that Mrs. Dove
•was entitled to only a widow's share of
the property and that the Interests of the
three children were deeded away without
d-ue process of law.
The land was originally owned, accord
ing to the petition, by William Dove, who
died in this city in Ifc62. The petition
filed to-day purposes to administer upon
l.is estate.
¦Attorney T. V. Eddy, representing one
William Burke, but more particularly
Martin Kelly, the San Francisco poli
tician, sprung a surprise on the heirs of
the Blake & Mofiltt estate to-day by
filing a petition for letters of administra
tion on two lots of land situated at Tenth
etreet and Broadway, valued at nearly
$50,000, and which have been an asset of
the estate for years.
. The property in question is located at
the southeast corner of Tenth street and
-Broadway, in the heart of the business
part of the city. The buildings are but
one etory in height, but the location of
the laiid itself gives it an Intrinsic value
of many thousand dollars.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, Sept. 3.
Ask Senators and Congress
men to Use Influence in
Their Behalf.
Officials Testify to the Find
ing of Body and the
Capture.
Defense.
The Man Who Fired Says
( ¦: He Shot Wholly in Self-,
Summons Witnesses to Help
Him but Does Not
Use Them.
Is Behind a Move Against
Holdings of- Blake &
Moffitt Heirs.
Evidence of Walkirez'
Guilt Given to the
Jury.
Anxious to Be Desig
nated as United States
Depositories.
"Martin Kelly Makes At
tack on Title to
?. Valuable Land.
Charles T. Gaylor Sits
Unmoved Through
Ordeal.
Joseph A. Freitas Is
Wounded by Esmond •
Smith.
HEARS CAPTORS
TELL OF CAPTURE
HASTY WORDS
BRING A SHOT
BANKS EXERCISE
POLITICAL PULL
POLICE RELATE
TALE OF CRIME
CLAIMS A BLOCK
OF REAL ESTATE
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1903. C
Donald McRae, the furniture dealer,
who is being sued for damages for alien
ation of affections by • Isaac Selby, an
Australian minister, -filed a demurrer to
Selby's amended complaint yesterday.
Judge Hebbard overruled Selby's demur
rer to the complaint for divorce filed by
Mrs. Selby a few days ctter her husband
commenced bis damage suit, ___
McRae Files Another Demurrer.
NEW ORLEANS, Sept 3.-A11 the com
merce of the port may be tied up to-mor
row. Longshoremen insist on eight men
to a ship's hold and knocked off work
on a coffee ship needing only two. Ship
agents and stevedores issued an ultimatum
that the limit clause must be removed or
work will be stopped on all ships. The
lockout would affect 8000 men.
Longshoremen Will Strike.
GREAT FALLS, Mont, Sept. 3.— What
Is believed to have been an attempt to
hold up express No. 151 on the Great
Northern almost within the city limits of
Great Falls was foiled last night by the
engineer, who ran his train by the spot
where it was to have been halted so fast
that the robbers could not get at him.
Just east of the city the engineer saw
figures by the track side in the darkness.
Some one shouted something, but the en
gineer paid no attention. There was a
shot, and the fcall passed within a foot
of his head and smashed a glass In the
cab. Detectives were hurried to the
scene, but no one was found there. This
vicinity swarms with Pinkertons.
Successfully Suns His Train Past
"Waiting Gang of Desperadoes.
ENGINEER FOILS ROBBERS.
Dr. Herran is momentarily expecting
advices from Bogota announcing action
by the Senate committee to which was
intrusted the question of proposing
amendments to the treaty which It was
hoped would prove successful and lead to
ratification. He believes that sufficient
time has now elapsed for a full considera
tion of the subject and that a report al
ready has been, or soon will be, made.
He has not yet made any application for
an extension of time from September 22 —
the limit of ratification provided by the
treaty.
BOGOTA, Colombia, Aug. 25 (via Buena
Ventura, Sept. 3).— Congress is discussing
a bill authorizing President Marroquin to
negotiate a new Panama canal treaty
with the United States. The opposition
is doing its utmost to prevent Congress
approving the measure. ,
Secretary Hay has sent a long telegram
to Beaupre, directing him to reiterate to
the Government of Colombia the state
ment made previously by him that the
United States will not accept any modifi
cation or amendment of the Panama canal
treaty. Beaupre 'was told to make It clear
that President Roosevelt, by whose au
thority the instructions were sent, was
obliged to be guided by the limitations of
the law authorizing the construction of
the canal and that he regarded the terms
given by the United States as the most
liberal that could be obtained by Colom
bia within the scope of the law. The
spirit of the instructions is that Colombia
can accept the rejected treaty as it
stands or lose the opportunity of having
the United States build a canal In Its ter
ritory.
9
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS^
IN THE GOOD OLD-FASHIONED
* DAYS
Powdered Wig* Pormed an Important
Adjunct to a Gentleman's Apparel.*
It is safe to say that the majority or
bald men of to-day would gladly revive
the old. dignified custom if they could.
But, they can do the next best thing to
it; that Is. hold on to what hair they
have.
In cases where the hair root or hair
bulb has not been completely destroyed
by parasites that infest It, Newbro's
Herpicide will do wonder3 In the way of
encouraging a new growth of hair.
Destroy the cause, you remove the ef-
fect. That Is the successful mission of
Herpicide. Sold by leading druggists.
Send 10c In stamps Tor sample to The
Herpicide Co., Detroit, Mich.
CASTOR! A
For Infants and Children.
Tha Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the y^ ' SjSS-s-J^
Signature of L*Za&%7&&/UAZ
Crooked .Teeth Straightened.
Diseased and Inflamed rums treated and cured
and teeth cleaned free. Roots and broken
down teeth can be saved for Tears and avoid
the inconvenience of wearing a plate. All wort
done for the cost of material. Week days, ft
to 9: Sundays, 9 to 1. Painless methods •
specialty. Extraction free. Graduates only.
Full iruarantee.
POST-OBADT7ATI! SENTAL COILEGS
San Francisco — 3 Taylor Street.
Oakland— 973 Washington Street.
Saa Joss — 45 East Saata Clara Stxttt.
THE CALL'S
GREAT' ATLAS OFFE^
Will close on September 24,
1903, and. all holders of Atlas
Coupons are requested io • pre-
sent thtem immediately, as this
great, opportunity to secure one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium rates will be
brought to a' j close on Septem-
ber 24. .NOTE — The hiKh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height of
tide is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey —
Time and Heights of Warn and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to dan
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.,
FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 4.
Sun rises 5:41 a. m.
Sun sets <i:.'»G p. m.
Moon sets 3:26 a. m.
4 13:44 0.3 10:50 4.91 3:B4l 2.5|10:0t| 6.1
5 14:111 0.3 11:10 5.0) 4:30 1 . 2.2)10:431 5.1
6 4:32 0.5 11:45 B.lj | 6:05| 2.0|ll:20 6.1
7 I 2:25 0.7112:101 5.11 5:4:»| 1.71 1.....
H Wi |L w| |H w| |L Wl
8 I 0:00 5.0 5:57 1.0112:35 6.1 6:20 .1.4
9 10:40 4.8 6:30 1.3 1:00-5.1 7:C2 1.1
10 [ 1:27 ,.4.7 7:05 .1.6] 1:29 5.1 7:40 0.9
O Tlmel Tlmel ITlmel . ITlmel
» Ft. ) Ft. I Ft. Ft.
• L W H "Wi (L W| |H W{
According to a cablegram received yester
day at the. Merchants' Exchange from London,
the British ship Afghanistan, bound from Pu
g-et Sound for Delagoa Bay. had a hard time
of it rounding: Cape. Horn. She was epeken oft
Tweive Sailors Injured.
Thursday, September 3.
Stmr Aurella, Peterson, 10 hours from Rog
ers Point.
Stmr Brooklyn, Hlgglns", 15 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Gualala, Johnson, 20 hours from "West
port. • ,
Stmr Nevadan, Weeden, 7 days 13 hour*
from Hilo.
. Etmr San Pedro. Jacobs, 25 hours from Eu
reka; bound to San Pedro; put In to land pas
sengers.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 40 hours from
Ean Diego.
Stmr Rival, McClementa, 69 hours from Wil
lapa.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen, 42 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Arctic. Relmers, 24 hour*, from. Eu
reka. - .
Ktmr Marshfleld, Dettmers, 2 days from Re
dondo.
Bark Tidal Wave, Stokkye, CO hours from
Eureka. /
Schr Ida A, Campbell, 6 hours from Point
Reyes.
Schr Lizzie Prlen, < Anderson, * S days from
Kehalem. •
Schr Melancthon, Stork, 4 days from Coos
Bav.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARP.IVED
The steamer Korea sailed yesterday for Hong
kong via Honolulu and Yokahama with an as
sorted mersbaadise carso, valued at $313,SU3,
exclusive of treasure, und distributed as fol
lows: For Honolulu, $13,201; Japan, $S5 73«-
China. *m,221; Manila, $9076; East Indies'
?-»914; Korea, $5171; Vladlvostock, $670; Slam
$2C8. The leading exports we.re as follows:
.iJ° n ?l u , Iu ~ vJ ,* Ikga groceries and provi
sions, 10 bbls salmon. 150 lbs hops, 30 okgs
fresh fruits, 7 pkgs fresh vegetables, 5 cs eggs
. bbls candy, 1:3 cs drugs, 23 cs oil. a pkgs
ei ?.'™ 172 P CS 8tee1 ' 19 P k « 8 hardware.
109 bdls 200 cs Iron pipe, 4 cs shfes. 14 pkgs
dry go«ds. 3 cs cigars, 10 cs cum •'
,*T? Ja ,P an^ 1^ 1 C l>bls flour. 12.000 gals alcohol,
lGlo eals/wine, 30 cs whisky, 500 casks bottled
beer, «0O.0CO lbs salt, 419 cs canned goods" 159
pkgs groceries and provisions, J>oO lbs hops
ISO lbs raisins, 5 cs codfish, 500 lbs coffee 4477
lbs sugar, 30 pkijs fresh fruit, 344 lbs' ham
and bacon, 2219 lbs butter. 120 lbs beans, 1850
lbs moals. 270 lbs cheese. 8 pkgs paste. 10 bales
hay, 1C0 lbs pearl barley, 100 flasks quicksilver
220.370 lbs pie lead. 40 pkgs paints, 2347 lbs
avphaltuin. 32 cs arms and ammunition, 32,227
lbs tobacco, 53 pkgs bicycles. 37 pkgs drugs
1<;3 pkgs leather, 30 rolls roofing, 5 pkgs sewl
ing machines, 10 cs boots and shoes, 4 pkgs
electrical supplies. 48 pkgs machinery, 8 pkgs
agricultural implements. 220.COO lbs soda ash,
&46.750 lbs nitrate of soda, 11 cs rubber goods!
bi cs fuse. 1 automobile.
To China — 34.C52 bbls flour, 550 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions, 1042 cs canned goods*
«350 lbs dried fruit, 3201 lbs salt fish. 10,483
lbs ham and bacon, CJS21 lbs cheese, 2490 lbs
codfish, 495,315 lbs sugar, 3850 lbs peas, 7210
lbs beanp, 4 cs bread, 720 lbs chocolate, 6 cs
honey, 5B gals wine, 1 cs brandy, 732 pkgs
fresh fruits, 30 cs paste, 3525 lbs coffee, 10 kegs
olives. 5302 lbs pearl barley. 1819 lbs butter,
3345 lbs mlllstuffs, 344 lbs raisins, 35 cs salmon,
•520 lbs ginseng, 8 pkgs dry goods. 203 pkgs
structural steel, 43 pkgs drugs, 200 bales drills.
14 pkgs wagon material, 63 pkgs paints. 3 pkgs
machinery, 102 bxs soap.
To Manila — 855 cs canned goods, 14,000 lbs
lard, CGSO lbs bread. 515 gals wine, 60 cs boots
and shoes, 1 cs electrical supplies, 515 gals
wine. . .
To East Indies — 170 cs canned salmon,- 1151
cs canned milk, 0E> cs canned fruit, 1020 'lbs
dried fruit.
To Korea — 187 cs canned goods, 25 cs sal
mon, 294 lbs ham and bacon, 212 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions. 2S35 lbs meals, 210 lbs
dried fruit. 2 pkgs onions, 82 bdls steel, 200
kegs nails, 4 bdls brooms, 4 pkgs dry goods,
04 pkers hardware, 2 cs lamp goods.
To Vladlvostock— 300 lbs dried fruit, 200 lbs
raisins. 7 cs arms and ammunition.
To Siam— GO bbls lubricating oil.
Merchandise for the Orient
The French ship Ernest Reyer is chartered
for barley to Europe at 15s »d> if to a direct
port. Od less.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
¦ ' , TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. | Due.
Phoenix Mendoclno Sept. 4!
Wyefleld Nanalmo Sept. 4|
Eureka H u in bold t Sept. 4 ,
Nevadan Hilo Sept. 4'
Umatllla fuget Sound Ports nepi. ?
laqua San Sedro Sept. 5
Pomona Humbcldt Sept. 5
Argo. Eel River Ports Sept. 5
Itedondo Humboldt Sept. 0
J. Dollar Seattle «i Tacoma |Sept. «
Newburg Grays Harbor- ISejit. •"»
Montara ».. Port Harford ISept. <>
G. Lindauer.. Portland Sept. 7
Czarina Coos Bay Sept. 7
Chehalls Grays Harbor Sept. 7
North Fork... Humboldt Sept. 7
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Sept. V,
Kunoma Sydney & Way Ports. Sept. i ;
Columbia Portland & Astoria Sept. 7 j
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. Sept. 7 ¦
Del Norte.... Crescent City Sept. 7
Centralla Grays Harbor Sept. 8
S.Barbara... Seattle & Olympla Sept. S
Corona Humboldt Sept. 8
S. Monica San Pedro Sept. 8
Arcaia Coos Bay & Pt. Orford|Sept. 9
Queen Puget Sound Ports — ISepc »
Colon New York via Panama. Sept. 0
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom... Sept. 9
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & in. Arena Sept. 10
Chlng Wo... Chioa & Japan Sept. 10
S. Portland.. Portland & Astoria Sept. 10
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts.!Sept. 10
Coos Bay San Diego & Way Pts. i Sept. 11 |
H. K. Maru.. China & Japan ;Sept. u |
Mariposa Tahiti Sept. 12
Uarda Hamburg & Way Pts. ISept. 12;
f! W Elder.. Portland & Astoria.... Sept. IS j
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma Sept. 13 |
__________ — . — _______ ,
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Palls. I Pier.
September 4. I ;
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos Bay 10 am|Pier 16
Centennial.. Seattle & Taeoma. 5 pm|Pier _
Chlco. coqullle River 6 pmJPier . 2
Corona Humboldt l:Jo p,P»er u
Arcata.".'."' Coo" B.&Pt. Orford 10 amjPler 13
September 5. j |
laqua Humboldt I 5 pm|Pler 2
aiL'o Eel Uiver Ports.... | 4 pm|Pier _
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 1 4 pm|Pi«r 2
Peru N. V. via Panama. 12 miPier 4«
Alumeda!.'! Honolulu 11 am|Pier 7
G. W. Elder Astoria i Portland 11 "mjPler _.
Hjval WMapa Harbor... 4 pmiPler -
September O. I
Arctic Humboldt 10 ami Pier 10
Phoenix'" Mendocino City ... 1 pm|Pier 13
tureka Humboldt' 0 amIPler 13
Redondo.... Los Angeles Ports. 3 pm Pier. 2
Santa Ro-a. S. Diego & W. Pts. 9 am Pier la
C^» Bay^: San Pedro Way Pts U am Pier l V
September T.
W H KrUK Los Angeles Ports.|10 am|Pier 2
Pomonat..f| Humboldt |l:3o p,Pier v
Curacao.... Mexican Ports .... 10 am|Pie r lj
September 8.
8. Monica.. Gray's Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 2
Centralia... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
s Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Unuillla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier .
September 1O. i
State of Cal. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pirr 19
Bonita Newport Way Pts. 9 am Pier la
North Fork Humboldt : . 6 pm P5«r 2
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Newburg... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Chehalla..- Grays Harbor .... S pm Pier 2
September 11.
Gaelic ... China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Nevadan... Hono. & Kahulul.. 3 pm Pier 16
J Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
September 111.
San Juan... N. Y. via Panama 12 rn Pier 40
"I September U
Queen. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
September 1-4.
S Portland. Astoria & Portland Pier 2
Rainier. . . . Seattle & Whatcom| 4 pm Pier 10
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. I Salla.
Al-KI Skagway & Way PortsjSept. 6
Dtrlgo Skagway & Way Ports|Sept. it
Dolphin Skagway & Way Pts.. | Sept. 6
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pta|iSept. t
Ccttaee City.. Skagway & Way Porta.jSept. 8
Meteor Nome & St. Michael. ..ISept. 10
Farallon Skagway & Way Pts..|Sept. 12
Orego* Nome direct ISept. 12
CltyTopeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. (Sept. 13
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way PortsjSept. 14
Santa Ana.... Cooks Inlet & Way PtsJSept. 16
Th<? Harbor Commissioners yesterday ap
pointed T. C. King to succeed D. H. Thomas
as clerk of the belt railroad. Dan Doherty
was appolnttd raftsman, a new position.
Water Trent Appointments.
Hongkong — \V. U. Anderson. Mrn. J. An
krom, Mrs. S. Arnold and two children. Hugh
Bade. C. P. Bourne. L. Brlgnaudy, Miss Edith
ISruner. W. Barllngame. George Campbell Mrs
George Campbell. Rev. J. J. Carroll. W.
Clark*. Mrs Alexander Center. Miss Elizabeth
M. Center. Rev. Edgar Cook Mrs. W. S. Craw
ford. Miss M. Crawford, H. M. Comer, Mrs H.
M. Comir, T. S. Darling. Mrs. T. S. Parltng.
H. B. Day. W. E. Day. T. M. Devllbiss D.
C. DIxon. Rt. Rev. D. J. Dougherty. J. H. Fes
ler. Mrs. J. H. Feeler. Rev. R. O. Franklin,
Mrs. It. O. Franklin. Rev. Daniel Geieke C.
P. Goerrig. G T. Hawley Mrs. G. T. Hawley
J. Iftrrty. H. F. Hetherington C. J. Hoke C.
H. Hunter. Miss L. Iliff. Rev. James McClos
kty, D. A. McGilvray, Rev. C. B. McGinley,
Mrs. R. Melrose. A. J. Miller F. F. Raymond
Miss M. P. Raymond. Miss C. M.' Roberts. Johii
Robinson. Mrs. John Robinson. Miss . K. A.
Sanborn. Sydney Smith. A. C. Spring Mrs. A.
C. Spring. T. Steen. Frank Stone, Mrs. Frank
Stone, Mrs. Thereee Somnler. M W. Tuttle.
R. de P. Tytus. Mrs. R. de P. Tytus, Frank
Vanderpool. Mrs. Frank Vanderpool, Bishop
H W. Warren, Mrs. H. W. Warren W. Wat
kins. C. H. Wood. Mrs. C. H. Wood W H.
Workman Jr., Rev. Jeremiah Zimmerman,
Mrs. Jeremiah Zimmerman. A. Gomez Zorllla,
Yokohama — R. E Abenhelm. K. Alzawa.. H.
Boecking, Miss C. M. Colfelt. Mrs. N. C. Cas
relberry. J. M. Dagsett. Rev. C. S. Davison,
J. H. Fanton. Mrs. J. H. Fanton. F.~L. Gun
ther. Lieutenant R. W. Henderson, E. U.
Hunting. Miss Stella B. Hunting. Miss Elea
nor Hunting-. Miss M. E. Mttzler, C. M.
O'Leary. 'W. -H. RossmaeEler, Mrs. H. B.
Wedeewood.
Kobe — Rev. S. E. Hager, Mrs. S. E. Hagrer
and four children. Miss A. W. Jones.
Nagasaki— Ml?s Helen Christy. Mrs. J. C.
Davison. Miss Mabel Da%'lson.
Shanghai— Mrs. A. H. Allen. Miss D. L. An
derson MIep W. Burdette. Rev. H D. Dil
dlne. Mrs. H. D. Dildlno. Miss S. L. DodEon.
Dr. C. H. Fenn. Mrs. C. H. Fenn and threw
children. Rev. G. W. Hamilton. Mrs. G. W.
Hamilton, Miss M T. Henderson Dr. Louise
H. Keator Miss M. King. Rev. W. T. Locke,
Mrs V»\ T. Locke and child. Miss B. McAfee.
Miss M. L Mitchell. Rev. H. V. S. Myers,
Mrs. H. V. S. Myers, Miss M. V. S. Myers,
Mrs. H. Schlee. two children and maid; R.
t>. f-rr.art Jr.. Rev. E. D. Vandenburgh, Mre.
E D. Vandenburgh and child.
Orient.
In addition to the cargo, which weighs
just €000 tons, the Korea carried in her
cold storage galleries food supplies which
in themselves would make a fair sized
cargo for a smaller vessel. Among the
supplies taken to feed the half thousand
passengers and the liner's company were
45,000 pounds of fresh meat, 1900 dozen
epgs, */50 cases of assorted fresh fruits,
half a ton of coffee, half a ton of turkeys
and 300 dozen different kinds of poultry,
including everything seasonable in the
way of edible birds, from hens to snipe
and including pigeons, doves and squabs.
During the stay in port the Korea was
equipped with a swimming tank and
gymnasium for the use of the passengers.
A large number of missionaries sailed
on the liner and among the passengers
were many people well known in the so
cial and business worlds.
On the Korea's quarterdeck were six
highly bred horses, four of which are go
ing to United States Minister Griscom in
Japan.
The Korea's passengers Included the
following named:
For Honolulu — F. H Armstrong, E. Borden,
Mrs. E. Borden. W. E. Brown. Mrs. W. E.
Urown and two' children, M'.ss R. Beatty. O.
R. Comins Miss A. L Dow. Miss M. B. Fan
ning. Mrs." G. H Gere. Mise B. O. Hall. J.
H. Hibler, Mrs T. W. Hobron and two chil
dren Mrs V. L. Hopper. Victor Hurd. Miss
G. B. Jones Miss A. D. Jones, Mrs. F. J.
Linderr.an Miss F. Lynch. Miss E. D. Lavino.
K E Mist Mrs. J. Mist Miss E. F. MUt,
Mrs. Z. K. Meyers, Mrs. F. M. Macfarlane.
Guy Macfarlane Miss L. McKillican. W. J.
MacNell Mrs. \\*. J. MacN'eil. H. II. Moore,
Mrs H. G. Xoonan, F. E. Nichols. A. C. Olds.
M. Phillips Mrs M. Phillips, infant and maid;
Mrs. P. Mi Price H. P. Roth. G. M. Rolph,
Mrs. G. M. Rolph and child. M. K. Suber. Mrs.
M. K. Suber. Miss G. Huber, C. T. Sutton,
Mrs. S. I. Shaw. Mrs. E. D. Tenney. two chil
dren and maid; Mrs. J. Watt. J. W. YValdron,
W. i:. tVe'.nrich. L. A. Wills. T. S. Hall.
The rate of reinsurance on the British ship
Arlstlics was advanced yesterday to 75 per
rent. She has new b?en out 100 days frcin
Calcta Uuen?. for this port, and If she arrives
vill have made the lcnEest voyage on record
from that port to San Francisco.
Rate on Aristides Advances.
The barkentine Fremont, which arrived late
Wednesday night, sixteen days from Bering
Sea, Is the last but one of the codfishins fleet
to rf>ach port. She was successful In hei
quest and brought down 100,000 codfish.
Big Cargo of Codfish.
Cape Recife and reported that while off th?
Cape she had sustained considerable damage
In the ice. She also lost her deck load and
seme cf her sails, and In the battle with the
elements twelve of her crew sustained injuries
more or less serious. Temporary re<>»irs ware
effected and when sighted the Afghanistan
was making the best of her way to her des
tination.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 3— Stmr Gsr
manlc. from Liverpool: stmr Calabria, from
Marseilles*. •
Sailed Sept 3— Stmr La Lorraine, tor Havre;
etmr Mongolian, for. Glasgow; stmr Frlederich
der Grosfie. for Bremen.' ' ¦ „_,
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Sept 3— Stmr JXJeb-
OCEAN STEAMERS
GIBRALTAR — Passed Sept 3— Br etrnr
Lowther Castle, from New ; York, ,' for Manila.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Aug 25— Jap etmr Iyo
Maru, for Seattle. ¦ ¦' ¦ " .
CAPE TOWN — Sailed Sept 1 — Br. ship An
dromeda, for Tocopllla. - >„_
Arrived Aug 31— Br ship .Haddon Hall, from
Port Blakeley. '!; ¦'¦ v '_ ¦'• '„'.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Sept 2— Stmr
Olympla, from Tacoma.' ••'_: _ .
COLON— Arrived Sept . 1— Stmr Yucatan,
• DUNQENESS— Passed Sept 1 — Br ship CU
sle. from Antwerp, for. San Francisco. <
FALMOUTH— Arrived Sept^3— Fr baric As
nleres, hence May 30. ¦; . "
SYDNEY— Sailed , Auk ' 31— Nor bark Bono
vento. for Honolulu: ' _ A : ->- , , '
CO RONEL— Arrived Sept 2— Stmr Arlxonlan,
from New York, and sailed for Port Loo An
geles and Stan Francisco
HONOLULU— Sailed Sept 2— Bark Alien
Besse.for San Francisco. Sept 3— Stmr Sierra,
for Australia; stmr Nebraskan. for Kanulul.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ISLAND PORT,
I SANTA BARBARA— Sailed Sept 3— Stmr
Santa Craz. for San Francisco.
WHATOOM— Sailed Sept 3— Schr Mildred,
for Han Francisco.
REDONDO — Sailed Sept 3 — Stmr Coqullle
River, fer San Francisco; bktn Gardiner City,
for Rureka.
. ASTORIA— Arrived Sept 3 — Stmr South Port
land, hence Auk 30: stmr Robert Dollajr, hence
Aug 30; stmr Signal, from Coos Bat.
Sailed Sept 3— Stmr Despatch, for San Fran
cisco. ¦
TACOMA— Sailed Sept 3 — Schr Henry K
Hall, for Sydney.
Arrived Sept 3— Stmr Hyades, from Yoko
hama. " . "^
WHATCOM— Arrived Sept 3— Stmr Rainier,
from Seattle. . ¦ •
MENDGCINO— Arrived Sept. 2— Stmr Phoe
nix, hence Pept 1.
POKT TOW.\'SEND^P««sed out Sect 3 —
Schr Henry K Hall, from Tacoma, for Sydney.
¦ WESTPORT — Arrived Sept 3 — Stmr Fulton,
hence SeDt 2: 8tmr Westport, hence Sept 2.
. SOUTH BEND— Sailed Se»t 3— Schr Chal
lenger, for San Francisco.
ALBION— Arrived S?pt 2— Stmr Celia, hence
Sept 20.
• SKATTLE- Arrived Sept 3 — Stmr Bertha,
from Valdez, etc; schr Sequoia, from Nome.
Sailed Spyt 3— Stmr Oueen, frrSan Fran
cisco; stmr City of Seattle. forSkagway.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Sept 3— Schr
Dauntlefs. . for San . Francisco.
Sailed irept :5— Stmr Newburgr. for San Fran
cisco; stmr Coronado. for San Pedro.
COOS BAY — Sailed Sept 3 — Schr- James A
Garfleld. for San Francisco. I
POKT HAUFORD— Sailed Sept 2— Stmr Coos
Bay, for San Francisco. . ,
Arrived Sept 3— Stmr Santa Cruz, from San
Pedro,' for San Francisco. •
Sailed Sent 3— Stmr Bonlta, for San Pedro,
hence Sept 3. lA, ..
EUREKA — Arrived SeDt, 3— Stmr North
Fork, hence Sept 1. ,-
Sailed Sent 3— Stmr. Eureka and schr Mary
Buhne, for San Francisco; schr Mary Dodge,
for , Redondo. ._'""--' M _
Sailed Sent 3— Schr Mabel Gray, for San
UMPQU A— Arrived Sept 1— Schr Lucy, from
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Sept 3 — Stmr Iaqua,
e SaUed eD Sept 3— Schr Salem, for ; stmr
Alcazar, for San Francisco.
HUENEME— Arrived Sept 3— Stmr Santa
Monica, ' bence SeDt 1. „ ¦ _. .
' MARSHFIKLI>— Sailed Sept 3— Stmr Acme,
for San Francisco.' • ¦ ¦¦ ,
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Sept 3— Schr Mawee
ma, from Ballard; ; schr Caroline, for faan
EVERETT— Sailed Sept 3— Stmr Leelanaw,
for Nome
DOMESTIC PORTS,
POINT LOBOS. Sept 8, 10 p m— Weather
bazy; wind S\V, velocity 12 miles per hour.
Per schr Halcyon— Aug 31. 10 a m. lat
43 2."> N, Ion 125 50 W, schr Wing: and Wing,
for San Francisco. -
TELEGRAPHIC.
SPOKEN
• Thursday, September 3.
SUnr State of California, Thomas, Son Diego.
Stmr Huth. Rofd. Bowtns 1-a.ndlnc
Stmr City of Puetila. JepBen, Victoria, etc.
Stmr Korea. S^abury, Houskong, etc.
Stmr N'oyo. Winkle, Fort Hragg.
Stmr San Pedro, Jacobs, San Pedro.
Stmr Montara. Reilly, Port Harford.
Stmr Centennial. Klltcaard. Seattle.
Stmr Alliance. Hardwlck, Eureka, Coos Bay
and Portlam!.
Nor stmr Tellus. Arntzen. Ladysmlth.
Tuk £ea Rover, Thompson, Siuslaw River,
with schrs Pacramento and C A Klose In tow.
Hr shi:: MerlborouKh Hill. McMullan, Lelth.
Br bark Kllmeny, Jones, Falmouth.
Sehr Sacramento. Msrcer. Sluslaw.
Schr C A Klose, OruKgel, Siualaw.
Schr Newark, Reinertsen. Stewarts Point.
SAILED,
Thursday. September 3.
Stmr Centennial. Klltganrd, Seattle; E T
Kruse.
.Stmr Korea. Seahury, Hongkong; etc; Pacific
Mail Steamship Co.
Br ship CralRniorf-. Montgomery, Callao, via
Vancouver; J J Moore & Co.
CLEARED.
Schr Wing and Wins, Grimm, 6 days from
Sluslaw.
Schr Chas R Wilson. Johnson, 7 days from
Astoria.
Schr Halcyon, Johnson, 6'.A days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Alblnn, Olson, 5 days from Coqullle
River
BARKENTINE FREMONT. WHICH ARRIVED LATE WEDNESDAY NIGHT, SIXTEEN DAYS FROM BERING
SEA. WITH A LARGE CARGO OF CODFISH ABOARD. SHE IS THE LAST BUT ONE OF THE FISHING
FLEET TO REACH PORT.
THE departure of the steamship
Korea yesterday for Honolulu
and the Orient marked a star day
in the career of the Pacific Mail
Company's big liner and estab
lished a new record in the history of
trans-Paclflc travel. Loaded down with
freight until she was drawing thirty feet
of water fore and aft, fhe liner left her
wharf "with the largest number of cabin
passengers that ever departed from San
Francisco on one vessel. Her cargo, by
measurement, is estimated at about 7500
tons. The weight of merchandise and
stores had been skillfully disposed and
the Korea was trimmed like a racing
yacht. Of the nearly WO passengers, more
: than 2C0 had first-class tickets and most
: of them were booked through to . the
. Because he expressed his opinion on
the outside of an envelope sent through
tbe malls P. H. Roberson, who keeps a
saloon on Main street, in Stockton, has
been indicted by a Federal Grand Jury
•and must appear for trial. Koberson be
came angTy with the firm of Mebius &
Drescier and mailed them a letter on the
• envelope of which was the following:
"Mfibius & Drescher. dealers In scab
goods and con-union made cigars."
Koberson. greatly to his surprise, was
arrested in Stockton last Wednesday for
violating the United States statute which
..forbids the mnillns of scurrilous matter
• on a postal card or an envelope. Deputy
United States Marshal Morse, who had
'tracked the prisoner to his lair behind
tfce bar, took lioberson before United
'-.States Commissioner Joshua B. Webster,
¦who released him on furnishing WO
bands.
SAXOOIT WATJ EOBEBSON
WBITZS HIS OPINION
Addresses an Envelope to Business
Firm in Sacramento, Calling
. • Them Names.
An order has been received from the
Secretary also for the deportation of
Y.'ashlro Hattori, a Japanese now serv
ir.g a sentence of three months' imprison
ment in the County Jail upon a convic
tion in the United States District Court
tor trigging in obscene pictures. At the
conclusion of his imprisonment he will be
returned to Japan. Hereafter all alien
ire migrants who shall have been in this
vcunu-y not Jongcr than three years a_nd
•who shall be imprisoned for crime will
be deported on the expiration of the term
cf iicjrlsonmeat.
A nov«J Interpretation of the immigra
tion laws has been made by George B.
C.ortelyou, Secretary of Commerce and
l^abor, one of vital importance to all im
migrants ucd destined to prevent not
only smuggling, but all other crimes by
that class ot people. The law provides
that aa alien immigrant \rho shall become
& <Aare« tipon the state within three
years after his arrival in the United
States shall be deported to the country
\rtesce he came. Secretary Cortelyou in
terprets this law to mean ttat impris
ctsiaeat for crime makes the alien a
charge the state and renders him
liable to (leportatioa.
The first victim of tho Secretary's or
der received yesterday morning by Unit
ed States Immigration Commissioner H-
H. Xorth was Sabura Toda, a Japanese,
who had iust completed a thirty days'
Imprisonment for smuggling silks in his
baggage. Sabura, with three of hi3 broth
ers end one s!st<?r, arrived from Japan
at this port on June 8, Sabura being the
oldest, aud a boy 9 years of age the
youngest. Or:e of the boys named Shiro
' was refused a landing, the United States
quarantine officials havir.y reported that
. he was suffering from a contagious dis
ease of the eyes. The remainder of the
family ere in "a Methodist mission house
et 1229 Pine street. Sabura having ar
•rar^ed for their support until he shall
return frcm Japan a year hence, that
being the ehortest time allowed by law
for his re-entry -when purged of all dis
ability.
Newcomers Convictad of
Crime Must Be Sent
Back Home.
Novel Ruling Made by
Cortelyou as to
Immigrants.
ALIENS IN JAIL
TO BE DEPORTED
Movements of Steamers.
tie, from Liverpool, for New York; stmr Hav
erford, from Liverpool, for Bcston.
Arrived Sept 3 — Stmr Commonwealth, from
Boston, for Liverpool, and proceeded.
LIVKRPpOL — Arrived Sept 3— Stmr Saxonla,
from Boston.
Sailed Sept 3— Stmr Canada, for Boston, via
Queerstown; stmr Pretorlan, for Montreal.
GLASGOW— Sailed Sept 2— Stmr Carthage,
for St John, N F. and Philadelphia.
LIZARD — Passed Sept 3 — Stmr Noordam,
from New York, ¦ for Rotterdam.
CHERBOURG — Arrived Sept 3 — Stmr Au
truste Victoria, from New Tork, for Hamburg,
and proceeded. n
HONOLULU, Sept. 3.— George A. Da
vis, the attorney, who with ex-Circuit
Judge Humphreys was disbarred by the
Supreme Court for alleged unprofession
al conduct in the Sumner case, has re
turned here and has filed a petition in
the Supreme Court for a rehearing.
Davis Asks for a Rehearing.
Additional instructions have been ca
bled to Beaupre, reiterating the posltlor
of this Government regarding the cana
treaty. The State Department assumei
entire responsibility for every represent
atlon by Beaupre to the Colombian Gov
ernment regarding the treaty and his ac
t!vity in this direction is heartily in
dorsed by the President i and Secretarj
Hay. Beaupre's latest instructions ad
vise him that President Roosevelt will no
enter into any engagement with the Co
lombian Government which will hampei
his scope of action under the canal law
This Government will not indicate wha
its course of action will be in the even
the treaty Is rejected.
¦WASHINGTcTn,' Sept. 3.— Dr. Herran
the Colombian Charge, will be asked as tc
the truth of his reported criticism of Min
ister Beaupre's activity at Bogota. * Th«
alleged' criticism by Herran was not wel!
received at the State Department.
State Department,., Resent:
Criticism of Minister >
Beaupre.
Colombian Charge in
Disfavor in Wash-
KOREA STARTS ACROSS THE PACIFIC
WITH HALF A THOUSAND PASSENGERS
Pacific Mai! Gompany's Big Liner Leaves Port With Her
Cabins Crowded and Holds Jammed to the Hatches
With a Cargo Which Measures More Than 7000 Tons
HERRAN INVITES
AMERICA'S IRE
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, FRIDAY,- SEPTEMBER 4, 1903.
Branch Hydrogra'phic Office, U. S. N. t - Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cat..
September ,3.
The time ball on the Ferry building was
dropped exactly at noon to-day. *!. e., at coon
of the 120th meridian, or at 8 p. m. Greenwich
time. . J. a BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., In Charge.
Time Ball.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in -the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tldea. as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are la
addition to the soundings of the United State*
Coast Survey Charts, except when the number
given is . subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference la the mean
of the lower low waters.
10
PACIFIC
,Msln tine. Foot »f Market StreoO
-fT f~ ~g«PTiMB«» 2. 1WB.-- - ABKiy
ii^-^jrfi^SSnTEluilr. and Sacra-
o nn» T)ai1«Voodland.'KBVa;hu"Lanaing;
' !ftJ3~S 7Mr
vV.»n» PorterTllle 4^Sr
Troer "i-throp. Stockton.
1nvl KniRht* Landing. M»ry»-
°Ull' Oroville .3d w.y lUttoB.. . 1055*
iff e^TBK-sssst^nJfi:
Jote. Lirermore... I"-;;) "'• M »
6 COr The Owl Ltmlted-Fresno.TuI«re.
B«kers«eld. LoiAMele........ 8.65*
6.00r Port Cotta, Tr»cy. Stockton. Lo»
Bano* ; 7 %i.
1B30P Hnyward, Nlles and San Jos« *ltl
8JJ0F Hayward. Nile* and San Jose l0-^>
600r , Oriental Mali — OKtlen. D enter.
Coruahm, St. Loult. Chlcano and
>:n^t. P«rt Costa. B>-nlcl». Sol-
• un. Elrolra. l>mTla. S<u-r»mento.
Roc kiln. Auburn. Colf»«.
Truckee. Boca. U*ni>, Wads-
worth. Wlnnemucc», Battle
Mountain. Elko «•«»
6. . Reno. Truck**, Sacramento. DarU,
Sulmn, Benlcla. Port Co»t» 7.55a.
103? Vallejo. d»ily. except Sunday J. 7.55?
7.0CT Vallejo. Sunday only »
7 00r ban Publo, Fort Coatm ilarttne* _
and Way Stations il-ZS*
8C5r OrejroB* California Expre«»-Sac-
rainento. Marys»l!le. Reddlnjc.
Portland, Pugct Sound and E«»t. ¦•BOA
8.10* Hajward, NlleaandSan Joae (Sun-
day only) ;;• ••••>•*
11.26r Port Costa. Tracy. Lathrop. Mo-
deito. Merced, Kaymond <io To-
•emlte). Trenno, Uanford. VI-
»»»». BakersflPld 1225P
COAST LINE (Jiarrow Uaage).
(Foot of Market Street.) ,
7A6a S»nt» Crui Excursion <3unday
only) ; B.13*
8.16a Newark. Centerrllte. Sun Joae,
FelWB. Boulaer Creek. Sant*
Crux and Way Station* » Z3r
12.16> Newark, Centerfllle. Saa Joie. ,.,.
New Almaden.Lo» Gatot.Telton.
Boalder Creek. Santa Crui and _" .
Principal Way Statlona 10 554
4.15P Newark. Sao Joae. Leu Oatoa and
way atatlon* (on Saturday and
Sunday run* through to Sanw
Cruz: Monday only from Santa
Crux). Connect* at Felton to
' and from Boulder Creek TB-BB »
' OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
froS S AN" «: ASCI SCO? "4^. JI t r n k n l ¥i k™^'
— tl:15 »:0O 11:00 a.m. 100 500 J&- 18 *;*---
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t »:0O t3:Q0
t8:05 10:00 *j« : _ 12 00 2 CO 400 r.M.
" COAST LINE (Uioa«Mian?e).
tV (I'lilrd aqii Townoend Streeta.)
8.10* San Jo»c and Way Statlona 6 30»
17.00a San Jose and W»y Station* 6-iSe
7.15* Monterey and Santa Crui Excux-
•Ion (Sunday only) 8 -?2
8C0a New Almaden (Tnes.. Frld., only), 4-10*
8 00a CoMtLlne Limited— Stopsonly Saa
Jo»e. Gilroy (connection for Hol-
llster). Pajaro. CastroTllle. Sa-
llnaa. San Ardo. Paso Kobles,
SantaMargarlt*. San Lut» Oblspo.
Gumdalupc. Surf (connection for
Lompoc). Santa Barbara. Sauffua
tnd Los Angeles. Connection st
Ca»trovllle to and from Monterey
and Pacific Grove 10 45?
' 8. CO* Sen Joie. Trea PlBoa, Capltola.
SantaCrux,PacincGroTe.Sal!naa,
San Luis Oblspu and Prtoclpal
Intermediate Stntlons *•_*
«0.30* San Jo»e and Way Stations 1.2BF
I 11.00a Cemetery PaJsenRer— Souta Saa
Francisco. San Bruno 1.05P
' 1130a Santa Clara. San Jose. Loa Gatos
and Way Stations 730?
1 o130p San Jo«e und Way Stations x700r
2-COr San Jose and Way Stations 1940a
2.30f Cemetery Fa»»en>ter — Soutli Saa
Fr»ncl»co. Ban Bruno 4-33?
• t3 CGr Del Mocte Kxpre»s— Santa Clara,
Ban Jomi. Del Monte. Monterey,
I PaclUc GroTe (connects at Santa
: Clara lor Santa Cruz. Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Poinu) f12-1Sr
3.ZQv Pacific Grove and Way Stations —
Burllnframe.San Mateo.Uedwuod.
JlenloPark. Palo AUo Mayfleld.
I ¦ MonntainView. Lawrence. Santa
i Clar». S»n Jo»k, (Gilroy. Hollls-
ter, Tre« Plnos), rajaro. Watnon-
vllle. Capitoiit. Santa Cruz, Cas-
trovl'.le. Salinas ._ 10.45a
4.Z0r San J>*e and Way Stations B-SSa
b.COr SiB-Joar. (via Santa Clara) Los
iiatos. Wrljfht and Frlnclpal TVay
Stations (except Sonday) 900a
{5J0f SanJoieandPrlnclpalWaySutloni ta.COA
tl.15r San Mateo.Bcregford.BelmoBt.San
Curloa. Kcdwood. Fair Oaks,
MenioPark. Palo Alto t94Sp
6.20r Sao Jose and Way Stations 6.33*
7 ten* buu«ft Limited. Euntbound. — Saa
Luis Obls]>o. Santa Ititrbara, Los
AngeT*** Iteming. E> Paso. Sew
Orlean*. New York. (Westbound
arrivrtv la 8«nJoaqa!:i Valley),.. trS 25 1
8.00r TaloAIto and Way Stutions. 10.15a
11.30' South San Francisco. Mlllbrae.'
Burlin^ame. San Matco. Rel-
mout. Snn Carlo*. Redwood. «« *e«
F.tr Oaks. Mento Park. l-«!o ¦ iS'lSt
Alio. May flelrt. Mountain VJe«. «»•»<»'
Sunnyrale, Lawrence, Santa
1 Clara and San Joae J
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
X Saturday and Sunday only. ? Suciay only.
I Etupa at all statlona on Sunday,
t Eunday excepted. a Saturday only.
« Via Coast Line. u- Via San Joaqnln Valley.
b Reno train eastbound discontinued.
BT Only trains stopping at Valencia St. southbound
•r«S:10 a.m.. t7:0OA.x..n:0OA.M.. 2:^0 r.M.and6:30r.K.
¦~ TO SAN RAFAEL,
SAM QUENTIN,
¦ ¦11 1 tfjii I t"V - '*'
MILL VALLti.
CAZADERCETC.
¦via Sausalito Ferry
WEEK I> ATS— (Holidays excepttdV- «:*5.
1 t*7:45. 8:43. u:45. 11 a. n.. 12:21). -1:4a. ¦*•«>•
. ( 4:15. 13:15. t5:13. U:45. 0. 11:43 p. m
7:43 a. m. train week days does not run to
AND LEGAL. HOLIDATS-7.
• -fS t*"*. t«10. 11. +ll:^l> a. m.. tl2:^O fl--"-
' 2:H3, «S:50. 5. 6. 7:30. 9. 11:45 p. «- „„„ .
' Trains marked (•) run to ban Qpentin.
Those marked (t) to Fairfax, except 5:lu p- »•
, Saturdays. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. tra.n
> runs to Fairfax. _* ¦ ,._ or , rt
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN KRA^^^
—Week <?ays— 5:25. t«:25. 7:10.^ S:_15 &:£¦
11M15 a. m.. 12:30, 2:21), *3:45. 4:30. o:*0. 1>.4.k
1 10^X P DAyS-6:l 5 : 7:35. tS:10 0:40 »£»
> Jll:43 a. m.. 12:50. 2:30. »:25. 4:40. 15.*>O.
0:53, 7:35, 10:20 p. m.
• ' Trains marked C) start from ban 0}« nt^-
1 FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAV
? CISCO— Week days— 5:45. _0:t0. tl*y>. »¦-'.
, 9:45. 11:10 a. m.. 12:40. 2:45. 4:lo. o.lO. . :05.
i 10 SUND ATS— 6:35. 7:55, 10, 11:10 a. ra.. 12:05.
> 105 240 3:43 4:55. 6:05. 7:10. 10:40 p. ra.
• ¦ ' • * THROUGH TRAINS. /
1 7:45 a. m.. week days— Cazadero and way
i 8t | t :l°5 n p. m.. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
j Tomales and way stations.
? 3:15 p. m.. Saturdays— Cazadero and way
1 stations. „ _
r Sundays and Lejal Holidays— « a. m., Caza-
t dero and way stations. '-•' %'!' '**'
Sundays and Le^al Holidas? — 10 a. ra.. Point
r Reyes and way stations,
t TICKET OFFICE— 62B Market „
FERRY— Foot of Market at. .
\ MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Tia SiOJ~S) ?erry Arrivs
s S" Fran. >»«« «< "at^** »¦ San Fran.
t> Week Sun- -gtt- 'Sao- Week'
• Pay*- day /ft$r$* cV d:t r> DayiW
• »54Sa 8:OOa f_r«^S?_ 1-:«On »TTaI
- l:48r H.OOa X©,^^^ 12:»«>f 3:30*
- aslttr 10:00a vXfflSJQrSy 3:S0r 5:50»
*¦ 11:30a *:33f ,
1 . I »:S5f| xlool '
s _e_.yi sar/, _t» Tktira T 9i3OT,trrtnSJ. il;3O»
'flCUt I K» Masjuct StZ (North Short RaslroadU
e WlttM I and Sacsalttd Fmy Foot Market Su
. M^&&zB MEN AND WOMEN,
*^@JyvC"Ei:»^QffJ Cs» Bis O for unnatural
4SSy him *»tv\3 ilischargsa.inflaiumations,
ffftHf O«»r»Bt«4 fj Irritations or ulcerationi
K*»JT ao» w iulctar*. of mucous nieaibr»nei.
r ri rr»»wu Cniiiiw. Painless, and not Mtrin-
RStTHtEMIISCHEMIULCa. g, at or iol»onous
\ggk C1NC1!IIUT1.O.|^^ Sold by DrnRliU,
C8.A, !2«n °r sent in plain wr»pp«r.
-^n*ffn|h iiff*Tj bT «"•'•- pr«p«td. for
' VSK^^jSnH •»«). or 3 bottle. 12.73.
~ ¦¦¦¦— • — citctU— net «a rnattt.
OC__H TRAVEL. j
SStPtmers leave San Fran-
Cisco as follows:
For Ketchikan. Juneau,
Hain»-s, Skagway, etc.. I
Alaska— 11 a. m., Sept. 8. :
13. is. 23. 2S. Oct. 3. Change
to company's Etearr.ers at Se- ¦
attle.
For Victoria, Vancouver, !
? Port Townsend, Seattle Ta- :
ooraa. Everett. V.hatcctr.— 11 a m. S*>pt 8
13. IS. 23. -JS, Oct. 3.- Change at Seattle fc
| Uiis company's FtParr.Ts for Alaska and G. X. ;
Ry. : at S*attl«- for Tacoma to X. P. Ry. - at
Vancouver to C. P Ky.
• For Ejrtka (Homboldt Taj)— Pomona 1 -30 '
.P. m., Sept. 7. 13. 19. 25. Oct. 1; Corona,:
I :¦¦*> p. in.. Srpt. 4. 10, K, 22 2S Oct. 4 i
.For Los Angclf-s'fvia Tort Los'An^eW and
IV-donco). 6an DiPgo and Panta Barbara j
. Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m
State of California. TkuirdaVf 9 am.
. K6r.Los Angeles <via San P^dro and Ka*t '
Sa-n Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz Mon- 1
'% r ° y r - r_ ta *? a ' Ca > uc0? . Port Harford
(S*a Luis Oblspo). Vfr.tura and Hueneme I
• Coos Bay. 9 a. rn.. P«-pt. 6. 14 22 30 Oct 8 '
.Bonita. 9 a. m.. Sept. 10 is,' 2fi" Oct 4 - ' !
For Er.scuaxJa, Magdalcna Bay San Jose' del
. Ce bo.. Mazatlan. Aitata. La Paz Santa Ro- I
, wjlia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m. 7th of ea"h '
Hor.th.
." For further Information obtain folder
•KiKht is reserved to change steamtrs or sail- !
fnp- dates |
.. TICSET OTPICES — 4 New Montgom- I
*>rj- £tr«:-tt (PaJa-e Hotel). 10 Market street and '
• Broadway ¦wharf.
" .Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUN ANN. General Passenger Agent I
.. 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
: ';Cti\\irr.b'.a." sails Sept. 10. 20. 30. Oct 10 2«
¦r G t^ r^ W X I 1 Ider " falIs B*** 5. 15.' 25,'
Pet. 5. 15. 25. Only rteamthip line to POnT- ¦
; A^n" OI ?-, "£ 6hort^ a11 1:ne Urm Portland j
' i- } lRt M Ea£t " Th » )U S } « "ckKs to all '
points, all rail or steamship and rail at LOW i
.ST BATES. Steamer tickets include berth
, .and mealE. Steamer Fa!!.- foot cf Spear Ft at
II a a. S. r. BOOTIi. Gen. A«. Pa^J £ept
J Mcntsomep; «. : C. CLIFFOUD. Gen. Agt!
Fr'y Dept.. 3 ilontgomer>' Et.
; TOYO KiSEN KAISHA,
STEAMSHIP CO ) !
.•Steamers will leave wharf, corner Fl%t and
-P.rur.nan streets, at 1 p. m. for TOKOHamj I
. 'and HONGKONG. (___£ at Kobe V H Sf
• Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India etc No
raxvo received on board on day of saillnc- "
. S. S. HONGKONG MARU fcalMng at M a -
¦ nils) Saturday, September m mm
S : S. NIPPON M AUU....... !..„...... 8 ; 1903 -
• ITiursday, October "is ' 'i Ofi"»
* P. S. AMERICA MAltU....... . .. . ' ™~- '
«• " «* " * ".• *. -Tuesday. November' i'o "l!>03
par.V8 office. 421 Mark«t mreet corner Flret
¦ TV. H. AVERT. General Agent!
oceanles.s.co. »Bil"™"
CIKCT UM TO XAHlll
P. S. AUMEDA, for Honolulu. Sept S II a m
P. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa Auck
• " lar.d and Sydney, Thursday, Sept 17 '•> n Jn~
P, S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti, Sept. 20. 'll a! m
••<J.£?E£CCLSiBrCl.C3..Aj_.ricl£lC{fia,S«_rtita
.' r«5y82Ja.228C»triSL.P_l a .7.f £ aSclL
"• COWAGiriE GE5ERALE TBAKSATLAKTIQU2.
. *>IRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. jr^,^
Sailing every Thursday, instead of w^frtik
* Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, <-.«•¦.—_»
¦ North Kiver. foot of Morfn st.
FlrEt-daes to Havre. $70 and upward. Rec-
• ond-cla^s to Havre, $45 and upward Gt\.
rjl.kU AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway Build:nc)
* New York, J. K. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coait
Apeiiti. 5 Mcntgomrry avenue. «San Francisco
. Tickets cold by ail Railroad Ticket Apents.
-• ?^^~ "— " i "' — "~ /_¦»—^— —
Mar* :«lanfl and Vailejo -.teaiaera.
Steemer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
.P:45 a. ta.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Kunday
. Suniay, 0:<5 a. m.. S:30 p. m. I^eave Vallejo'
7 a. m., 12:30 noon, C p. tn.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
. <liy,. 7 a. tn.. 4:15 p. m. Fare, 60 cents. Tel
M»in 1508. Pier 2. Missioo-et. dock. HATCH
. .—.OS
BATOWAT TRAVEL. „
The North Western-
Union Pacific Excursions
; - ¦" afford uncuil opportunities for' an
economical and satisfactory joumej to
ChicagorEast
Excursions Every Day
Personally conducted parties leave
San Francisco every Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
Leave Los Angeles one day earlier.
Choice of routes.
For full Information apply to or address
R. R. RITCHIE. S. F. BOOTH.
General Agent. CenT A*rnt F*m> Dept.
Chicago &North-W«ternRjr. Union Pacific R. R. .
6 1 7 Market St. No. 1 Mon tjomer j Su
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
8 PICTOftt*
I Have you
I a friend
H in Chicago or Boston
I B or Kansas City, or any-
p where else, for whom
{ B you want to buy a ticket
1 to this city? |
I If you have, call at
1 this office and let us .
I arrange matters for you.
p You deposit with us
I enough money to cover
• I transportation, as also in-
j I cidental expenses of the |
I journey, we do the rest.
1 7 F W " THOMPSOf '«
M Pi ' i.i v £ 1 ill Gen'l Western Agt. f
Wi £*• ixfc jvjj|tei 623 Market Street,
1 CALIFORNIA I
I 1 LIMITED TO CHICAGO | j
: j I leaves Mondays and Thursday* at P.SO a.m. at \
; { Through in 3 days with Diner i tnd all trippincs. g [
i J I Our other traias go »t W !
M 7:30*** ) for Stockton, Fresno, . B !
H 1:30am > BakersSeM. Merced. ||
' N 8:C0pm ) Hanford, Visalia. H i
i j g 4:00pm for Stockton. U
; ' H 8:Mpm for Kansas City and Chicaeo. H
' U Office. 641 Market St., and In Ferry M
jH * Depot; 1112 Broadway. OaJdaad. g
: B Trains leavt Market Street Firry. fi
' CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN KY. CO.
LESSEE
; UN FF/.KCISGO AND NORTH PACIRa
; kail way co_FAirr.
1 TIbnron Terry, Foot oX Market St.
, SAW raANCISCO TO SAW KiFAEL.
I WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 8:CO, 0:C0. 11:00. a. m. :
, 12:35. l':30. 3:40, 5:10, 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
p. m.
. Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
'. SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 0:30. ll:0O a. m.; 1:30.
' 2:.'!0. 3:40. 5:10. 6:30, 11:.TO p. m.
1 SAW RAFAEL TO SAW FSAKC13CO.
WEEK DATS— «:05. 6:50, 7:35. 7:50. 9:20.
* U-:15 a. m.; 12:50. *2:00, 3:40, 5:00. 5:20,
6:25 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. rn.
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35. 0:20. 11:15 a. m.: 1:45.
> 3:40, 4:50, 5:00, 5:20. B:10. 6:25 p. m.
S 'Except Saturdays.
> L?ave ] In Effect | Arrive
I San Francisco. I May 3, 1903. | San Francisco.
5 Week I Sun- I Destlna. I Sun- J Week
) Dayg. I dayg. | tlon. [ days. [ Days.
I 7:.'!0al 7:43 al 7:45 a
* 7:30a S:OOa 8:4Oa|S:4Oa
8:00 a 9:30 a Ignacio. 10:20 a]10:20 a
* 2:30 p 2:30 p 0:00 pi 6:20 p
> 5:10 p 5:10 p 0:20 p| 7:25 p I
" 7:25 p|
7:30a 7:30a 7:45a 7:45a
8:00 a 8:0O a Novato. 10:20 a 10:2O a
* 2:30 p !»::ui a Petaluma, 6:2Op 6:20 p!
» 5:10 p 2:3Op and 7:25 p 7:25 pi
' 5:10 p Santa Rosa.
" 7:30a 7:30a 10:20-a 10:20 a
» 8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
) 2:30 p 2:30 p 7:25 p
» ' ". '" Windsor.
i 7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburs, 10:20 a 10.20 a
1 • Lytton,
5 2:30 p 2:30 p Geyserville 7:25 p 7:25 p
I Cloverdale.
7:30 a| 7:30 al Hopland. 110:20 8|10:20 a
- 2:30 pi 2:30 p[ and Uklah. | 7:25 p| 7:23 p
1 7:30 a| 7:30 a| Willlts. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
* 8:00al 8:00 al Camp Vacation. 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Guerneville. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
5 8:00 al S:00a| Sonoma. I S:40al 8:40a
f 5:10 p| 5:10 p| Glea Ellen. | 6:00 p| 6:20 p
- 7:.10a| 7:30 at ' jl0:2O a|10:20 a
•2:30p| 2:30 p| Sebastopol. | 7:25 p| B:2O p
[¦ STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
.' Quentln; at Santa Hosa for White Sulphur
' Springs: at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
-' Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Boonevllle and Greenwood: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
- Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
; port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
1 Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
1 Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno,
* Potter Valley. John Day'a. Riverside. Llerly's.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights. . Hullville. Orr"s
? Hot Springs. Halfway House, Comptche. Camp
X Stevens. Hopkins, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg.
9 Westport, Usal; at Willlts for Fort Bragg.
~ "Westport, Sherwood. Cahto, Covello, Layton-
8 ville.. Cummlngs. Bell's Springs, Harris, Ol-
1 sen's. Dyer, Garberville, Pepperwood, Scotia
* and Eureka.
0 Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
'• reduced rates. ,
* On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
a beyond San Rafael at half rates.
* Ticket office, C50 Market street. Chronicle
!r building.
* H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
° Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
: f EEEY ¦ CALL
n "
h 16 Pages. $1 per YearWheat, No. 2 —
Articles— Open. High. Low. dose
Sept. (new) 81% 81% 81 81U
Dec. (new) S2T4 83 Vi 82% 82S
May 84% 85 849i 84%
Corn No. 2 —
September 53 53 52% 52%
December .. 51% 52% 61% ' 61%
Ma o y at.--No7 2 -- " % "* "* "*
September 35% 36^ 35% 3fiti
December 3fi% 37% 30% 37C*
May 39 39% 33% 3o2
Mess Pork, per bbl— - • *
September 12 40 12 45 12 40 12 45
October 12 62% 12 75 12 62% 12 67%
May 13 22% 13 25 13 17% 13 20
Lard, per 100 lbe—
September » 65 S 67% 8 60 8 62*4
October 7 77% 7 82% 7 77% 7 77$
January 7 13 7 15 7 12% 7 12%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— ' ' **.
September 7 07% 8 00 7 67% 8 00
October 7 85 7 92% 7 85 7 95
January 6 77% 6 80 6 75 - 6 77%
Cash quotations were as follows : Flour
steady; No. 2 spring wheat. 85igR7c; No. 3,
EOSSIc: No. 2 red, Sl%«?Sl%c: 'No. 2 corn.
CHICAGO. Sept. 3.— On the higher prices for
corn the early wheat market showed strength
with an upturn ln prices. The news was rather
benrteb. however, except that Northwest re
ceipts were smaller and the strength deserted
the pit and the advance was lost. December on
the early bulge sold up to 83'4c. The close
was at the bottom, with a toes of %c at S2%
@S2%c. but the tone was firm. September
was down >,i@%c at 81>£c.
Corn was influenced by the prediction of
cooler weather «nd especially by prospects of
frosts ln the Dakotas and Minnesota to-night.
Th* market was firm and prices ruled higher,
but the advances were not large. There wai
a good demand for September for shorts, show,
ing that fear of congestion • In ' this month's
contracts still existed. December closed V t c
higher at 51%c» after ranging between 51 %c
and 62V»@«2Uc September was unchanged at
52 %c.
Oats were strong with buying of good char
acter, led by commission houses and local
traders. December closed at 37%c the range
for. the day being 36?i@37%c, with September
up %c at 86*«c.
Fewer hogs than expected and free buying
credited to packers gave strength to provis
ions. Closing price* were $12 67% for Octo
ber pork. $7 77 Vi for October lard, with Jan
uary at $7 12%. October ribs were $7 05 and
January $8 75®0 77%.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
Weather Report.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Ask.f Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. — — 4s qr c (new) —
4s qr reg.. . — — 13s qr coup.. —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala AW 5s. — — Do Ss -_ _
Bay CPC 5s — 103 Do con 5s. — 10a
Cal C G 5s.l03%104 OW.CjK- —
Cal C & E g Oceanic S 5a —
& ct 5s... — — Om C R 6s. — 123
Cal-st 5s ... — — 1'ac G Im 4s — —
C C Wat 5*. — — P E Ry 3s.. 100% —
Ed L&P «». — — P & C H C*. — _
F & C H Ks. — — P&ORfa. —
Geary-st 5«s.. — — Powell-st 6s. —
H C & S5H*. — — S E G&R 5s — 104
H C & 3 3b. 90 100 SF &. SJV5s.:i9S4120
Hon R T 6b. — — S R of C 6*. — ' —
L A Elec 5*. — 105 S P of A 6«
LARy5s..H4 — (1909) *_
L A L C 6s. — — (1910) .... — —
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd Re. — — (l»05)Sr A. — —
LAP lcm 5s. — — (l!K!5)Sr B. — —
Mkt-st C <>s. — — (190C) •— —
Do lcm Ss.115 — (1912) — —
NRR of Ctis. — — S P C leg 5s — —
NRC of C5s. — — Do stmpd.lUS —
NPC R R 5s>. — — S P B R es. — 140
N C R 5s.. — — S V Wat tw.105% —
N C P C 5*. — — Do 4s 2dm. 99*^100
N S R 5s.. — — Do 4s 3dm. 98% —
O G L H 5*. — — Stkn G*E tin — —
O T Co 6s.. — 122% U G & E 5s. — —
WATER STdCKS.
Contra Costa. 50 60 (Port Costa.. — —
Harin Co — — JSprir.* Val.. — 84 «i
Stock and Bond Exchange.
THURSDAY, Sept. 3-2 p. ra.
also a fair business in the oil stocks, with
Home selling at 75@80c.
In the afternoon Gas and Electric receded
to SCO 25, while Giant Powder advanced to $(5G.
The San Francisco and Tonopah Mining Ex
change will adjourn from Saturday after the
clcse of business to Thursday. September 10.
The California-street Railroad will pay a div
idend of^75c on the 10th.
The directors of the San Francisco Gas and
Electric Company have issued a circular to
the shareholders in which they announce the
absorption by the company of the' Independent
Gas and Electric Light and Power companies
and the Equitable and Pacific Gas Improve
ment companies and ask for proxies in favor
of W. B. Bourn, president, and A. H. Payson.
vice president, for voting at a special meeting
on October 22 to consider the proposition to
create a bonded indebtedness of 110,000,000
"for the purpose of acquiring property to be
used in carrying on the business of the corpora
tion," etc. The circular says that unless un
foreseen complications arise the stockholders
may expect a dividend ln December, and that
thereafter It is confidently expected that divi
dends wilt be declared quarterly. It also says
that when the bond Issue shall have been made
the stock held by the Mercantile Trust Com
pany under the pooling agreement will be re
turned to the shareholders on surrender of the
trustees' certificates.
Trading en the morning session of the Bond
Exchange wa- fair, with a slight advance in
Gas and Electric at $70 25@70 50. There was
• Iron closed at 51s at Glasgow and 46s 10%d
in Mlddlesboro. Locally Iron was quiet. No.
1 foundry. Northern, $17 S0@>18; No. 2 foundry,
Northern, Slfi 50SI7; No. 1 foundry. Southern,
nnd No. 1 foundry. Southern, soft, |ltJ 50'j
1C 1 5.
Copper was lower In London, spot declining
5s to £58 5s and futures 2s 6d to £57 10s. In
New York copper was quiet and unchanged
I>ake, $13 75gl3 S7»i; electrolytic, $13 G2%0
13 75, and casting. $13 37V4<313 50.
Lead declined ls 3d to £11 3s Od In London
and was unchanged here at $4 25.
Sj-eHer was unchanged at £50 17s 6d In Lon
don and SO here.
NEW YORK. Sept. 3.— Spot tin was £1 6a
higher in London at £124 and futures there
advanced £1 2a 6d to £122 17s Gd. Locally tin,
influenced by the firmness abroad, v.-as also
higher, closing at $27 35JKJ7 CO.
Nezv York Metal Market.
EASTERN.
\ Corn, ctls
FOR THURSRAY. SEPTEMBER 3.
Flour, qr sks... 13.900] Hops, bales 19
Wheat, ctls 1 .SIX) Wool, bales 23H
Barley, ctls o ,«)5! Sugar, ctls 21)0
Oat*, ctls 1.080 Tallow, ctls »m
Corn. ctU 1.6W)| Pelts, 'No IN*
Beans, sks l.'lO.HIdes, No ;:os
Potatoes, sks... 6.220! Quicksilver, flks. 27J
Onions, ska OOOj Leather, rolls... 110
Straw, tons 2S 1 Wine, gals 41,800
Hay. tens 1.1 10| Paper, reams... 1,012
Bran, sks 520; Lime, bbls 40s
Middlings, aks.. 27s! Powder, car.... l
Receipts of Produce.
GRAPES — Seedless, 60@75c per box; other
varieties, 25<f/50c for small boxes, 50@S5c for
crates and 75c<&$1 for large open boxes; Zlnfan
dcl Wine Grapes. $24025 per ton.
MELONS— Cantaloupes, $1@1 25 per crate;
Nutmeg Melons, 35<gtiUc per box; Watermelons,
*3SJ2O per hundred.
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges, $2 50® 3 for
fancy Valencia*, ?1 75@2 25 for choice and
jl@l 25 for standard; Seedlings, $1@1 25; Lem
ons, $1?P per box, with some fancy
higher; Grape Fruit. $17502 25; Mexican
Limes. $5(36; Bananas, $1 T5«S3 per bunch for
Central American and fllffil 50 for Hawaiian;
Pineapples, *2&J per dozen.'
PEACHES— Small boxes, 40@75c; carriers,
50@l ! 5c; large open boses, 50c@?l; per ton,
$2u®25 for Clinkstones.
POMEGRANATES — 65©00c per box.
PLUMS and PRUNES — iO@C5c per crato
and 25c<g50c per box; large open boxes, 50@S5c;
per ton. S20ig25.
NECTARINES— Nominal.
APPLES — 85c@$l 10 per box for fancy. B0@
75c for good to choice aurul 25@lOo for common;
Crabapples, .
PEARS— Bartletts, ?1<J?1 25; winter varie
ties •10«j>75c per tox.
QUINCES— 5C@G0c per box.
FIGS — 75cS$l per box for black and 30cg$l
for other varieties.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 8c per lb.
STRAWBERRIES— $2 50@3 50 for Malindas
and $4&5 for other large varieties; Long
worths, nominal.
RASPBERRIES— ?7@8 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $2 50@4 per chest.
Ripe Banana** were more plentiful, but prices
were maintained under a steady demand. A
car of the Central American prcduct was on
sale and sold at a wide range as to size of
bunch. Mexican Limes were steady. A steam
er arrived with 188 cases, which had not been
marketed up to a late hour. Otherwise there
was nothing new to report.
The local demand for fruit stood about the
same as on the preceding? day, but trading in
shipping stock was more active, orders for
shipment on the Pugct Sound and Honolulu
steamers being plentiful. The demand from
the north was confined chiefly to fine table
Grapes and choice freestone Peaches in small
package. Choice shipping Crapes of the To
kay, Muscat and niack varieties sold at 650
8Iic per crate, -while for the common run of
supplies Cfc was about the top. The Hono
lulu sttsmer took liberal quantities of Ap'jW
and moderate shipments of other fruits. . Fancy
Gravensteln and Bellflower Apples sold readily
at $1(01 10 per box, while lower grades dragged
at unsteady prices. Bartlett Pears were scarce,
and a carload that arrived from Southern Ore
gon cleaned up quickly at $1 lClgl 25 per box.
Peaches in small boxes were steady at pre
vious prices, while Plums and Prunes were
firmer, although in free supply. The canners
were purchasing freely of Clingstone Peaches
and paid as high as $27 50 for choice lots.
What few canning Plums or Prunes came In
were quickly disposed of at previous prices.
Figs were In fair request, and as receipts were
lisM, prices were firmer. Quinces and Pome
gm.T.us were offering freely and found few
l.cyeis. There was an active demand for mel
ons, both for local and shipping use. and prices
of Nutmeg Melons and Cantaloupes were firmer.
Berries were in ample supply, and prices
showed but slisht variation.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
• ¦ "RuHdlng operations locally have been just
¦fa«- '-^.tensive and oontractors halve had a great
¦ <;.- al of difficulty in securir-g available lumber
•5-ruouct?. Pine and redwood have been In
h.»a-vy demand, while shir.gtes — redwood end
.Vdar— have been equally prominent. There is
'¦no doubt at present in the minds of lumber
-rnariuracturers and dealer* as to the continued
)iftv»lence of orders ample enough to cover
«11 the mill outputs. Mar.y of the plants in
CaEIorcla. Washington and Oregon have about
•i'll "th*-y can do to keep up with the orders
¦<ornin£ Into the offtrei". From the Middle
Wc*t and EeMern markets inquiries are re-
Veived. many of which are large and most.
••¦j-t,e continuance of good time* throughout
tt.t entire length and brftadth of this country
'bee been rasponir.ble for the re~urr*-nce of aver
'¦acf- heavy manufacturing demand*. A slight
? hinjee in price? on dimension stock was mac!"
TV ihf redwood men August 5. but price3
f'"rz:rc to be well sustained for all grades
.rd* c]s.*s*s of mill »«-oduct*.
, -Advices from the Eastern lumber center*
inticjHc no fallir-e off in the Interest ihown
in i'ocific Coast timbers. Shingles of both
rctTvood and ceCar description are meeting
•with an exacting c&U and the Eastern markets
Cf-.erally are active wlih Pacific Coast lumber.
All and ell there is no possible complaint to
be VntMt»lnwt from any of. the branches of
the- lumber Industry."
. . v The central run of the lumber business of
•«li. descriptions for the month of August dif
' Jered very I'.ttle from the conditions current
in July. Redwood, pin* and cedar occupied
nme relative price position as in the
•" jr^vious n-.cnth and there was no evident ten
• "rie'r.cy of eny weakening in the current quota
iiicr.?. The Eastern, local and foreign demands
•hav bwn nonr.al, with every indication of a
ivor.tinuance of present prices for the rest cf
•ih« year.
Pacific Ccert Wood and Iron says
sfugtist Lumber Trade Conditions
WHEAT — The foreign markets showed little
change. Chicago was J^c lower. The Chicago
letter of Bolton. De Ruyter & Co. saM: "Mar
ket' is a shade easier. Cables unchanged.
Weather in United Kingdom a little more fa
vorable. Weather unsettled In the Northwest.
Southwestern markets report a good cash de
mand at about unchanged prices. Primary re
ceipts still light. Demand Ftlll a little disap
pointing. Market here again lapued into dull
ness, with professional traders working in the
main for lower prlcee. Speculators *eem to be
in the air.' The situation in bullish, but the
market has no speculative leader and the trade
goes out at a small profit or a small loss. So
long as receipts keep so small and demand so i
good we see little to make lower prices. The i
situation abroad would seem to necessitate an
export demand for wheat In the near future,
but It Is slow in coming, We still regard th» !
long side of wheat on the breaks as the wisest !
course." \
Thl3 market? showed no change worthy of
note, beyond a Blight decline in futures
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 45@1 60; California
White Australian, $1 55#1 60; Northern Club
$1 45®1 50; Northern Blue Stem, $1 6501 57 v;'-
Oregon Valley, $1 52%. , j
FUTURES. /
¦ ¦ Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 4'J $1 40 $1 43 Vi $1 48V4
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close
December ..$1 48>/4 $1 4$y. $1 4S% $1 4s i /4
BARLEY — Continues its slow advance both
ln futures and the cash grain, and $1 15 was
the general asking price for Feod to arrive '
yesterday. The market was quoted very quiet
however. ' ;
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 12%®1 15; Shipping and Brewing
$1 17V».@1 25; Chevalier, §1 2C4J-1 61) for fair to
choice. • i
FUTURES.
Ses&ion U to 11:30 a. to.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 13 $1 Wb $1 12% $1 i 3 u
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December . .*1 13Vi $1 13H, $1 13^4 $1 18%
OATS — Some dealers are quoting an active
market with large salos. while others say they
are doing nothing. Black for seed are higher
again, and offerings are practically cleaned up.
'Reds for seed are also higher, and the situ
ation is firm all around.
White, *1 2CH&1 32^; Black, $1 20@l 55-
Red $1 20@l 22 y> for common and Ji ni %rr!>
$1 35 for choice; Gray. $1 27Vi per ctl. *"
CORN— The largtst receivers are quoting a
quiet and rather weak market, with buyer*
holding off. Prices, however, remain about
the same.
Western, sacked. $1 47%@1 C2% for Yellow
and White and $1 47% tor mixed; California
large Yellow, $1 55@1 67%: small .round do
$1 70@l 76; White, $1 55 per ctl.
RYE— $1 20@l 27% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 26@2 50 per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
• The Bank of England. has advanced its rate
of discount from 3 per cent to '4 per cent. In
dicating closer money in England. This is the
first change since June 18.
Sliver is slightly lower and Mexican dollars
ellghtly higher.
. The Korta took out for Hongkong a treasure
list of $97,42«. consisting of J14.37U in Mexi
can dollars. .$.'3050 in gold coin and $80,000 in
silver bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 8.3%
Sterling Exchange, fight — 4 86%
Sterling Exchange, cables.. — ' 4 87»i
New York Exchange, sight — 07%
New Tork Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver, per ounce — 57^
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 45U
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
The upper* grades of Butter show no change,
but the medium and lower grades exhibit
fome revision In quotations. The market for
fancy creameries rules steady. The committee
on permanent organization appointed at the
Dairymen's Convention at Fresno In June, will
make its- report at the meeting of tho Cream
try Operators' Association at Sacramento on
the 11th inst. It la understood that It will
recommend that all Butter be sold without
brand, on its merits.
Cheese continues in heavy supply and quiet
at unchanged* prices.
There is no further change In Eggs, which
are in moderate supply and steady.
Receipts were 2.S..S0O lbs Butter, 675 casea
Eggs and 73,."00 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery, 2V@29c for extras and
ZT/n-lc for seconds; dairy, 21t?23c; store Hut.
ter. 17%@lt»c; cold storage, 24ig25c; Eastern,
23i3j24c.
CHEESE— New. 12@12%c; Youns America.
13@14c; Eastern, 15®lUc; Western. 14@15c
per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 33334c for large white se
lected and 27 l >>5r:'2Hc fcr fair to choice; store.
22%©27c; cold storage, 23@25c; Eastern, 20@
24c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
OREGON'.
PORTLAND, * Sept. !!.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 79c: bluestem. SCc; valley. Slo.
WASHINGTON-
TACOMA. Sept. ::.— WHEAT— 2c higher;
bluestem, S5c; club, 82c.
Northern W heat Market.
SEATTLE. Sept. 3.— Clearings, $844,782;
balances^ $122,750
TACOMA. Sept. 3. — Clearings, $855,209;
balances. $39,104
PORTLAND. Sept. 3.— Clearings, {540.517;
balances. $71,31S
SPOKANK. Sept. 3. — Clearings, $207,053;
balances, $41,920.
Northern Business.
COAL— Wellington, *S p«r ton; New Wel
lington, ?S: Seattle, $G 50; Bryant }S 60; Bea
ver Hill, $5 50; Stanford. $7; Roslyn. ?7; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Greta, $7; "Wallaend. $7; Rich
mond, $7 50; Cumberland, 313 in bulk and
$14 25 in sacks; Welsh Anthracite Kgg. $13;
Welsh Lump; $11 00; -Cannel, $8 50 per ton;
Coke. $11 r.nv/K! per ton in bulk and $15 in
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. ?8 45 per
20O3 Iba and ?S 50 per ton, according to brand.
OIL — Linseed. 44c for boiled and i"c for raw
ln barrels; cases, oc more; Castor Oil, |n cases.
No. 1. 70c; Bakers' AA. $1 lOigl 12: Lucol, 41c
for boiled and i>l»e for raw in barrels; Lard Oil.
extra- winter strained, barrels. 9Oc; case?, 95c;
China Nut. 55.tf70c per gallon; pure Neats
foot ln barrels. 75c; cases. SOc: Sperm, pure,
70c;" Whale Oil, natural white, 50@55c per gal
lon; Fish Oil, in barrels. 45c; cases, 50c: Co
coanut Oil, in barrels, 53c for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil in bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil In cases. 2i>%c; Astral. 20Hc;
Stcr. 2OV4c; Extra Star. 24*4c: Elaine, 2GVjc;
Eocene, 23'Ac; deodorized Stove Gafoline, In
bulk 17c; in cases, 23Uc; Benzine, in bulk,
l.'jo; in cases, li»!*c: Sti-desree Gasoline, in
bulk 2lc; In cases, 2T%c,
TURPENTINE— 7Sc per callon ln cases and
72c in drums and Iron barrpls.
RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead, e®
«VjC per lb; White Lead, 6<gU%c, according to
quantity.
RICK — Is firm. China No. 2, ?4 32Vjfi4 37%;
No. 1, $5 75@5 00; extra No. 1. $0 4C@8 50:
Hawaiian, 55 25; Japan, ?5 45®C; Louisiana,
$4 ufc©7.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining
Company quotes as follows, per lb, la
100-lb bags: Cubes. A Crushed and Fine
Crushed. 5.S5c; Powdered. 5.7Cc; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.70c; Dry Granulated, fine, 5.K0c; Dry
Granulated, coarse. u.GOc; Fruit Granulated,
5.C0c; Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), — ;
Confectioners' A, S.COc; Magnolia A, 5.20c; Ex
tra C. 5.10c: Goklen C 5c- 'D." 4.90c; barrels,
10c more: half barrels, 25c more: boxes, 50c
more; 5o-lb bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tab
lets — Half barrels. 0.10c; boxes. 0.33c per lb.
No orders taken for less than seventy-five bar
rel* or its equivalent.
BAGS — Grain Bags, 5®5',£c; San Quectin.
5.55c; Wool Dags. 32335c; Fieeco Twine. 7%@
8c; Cotton Fruit Bags. 6%c. C=Jic and 7i;c tor
the three strades: Brown Jute. 6',4@7V£c.
General Merchandise.
The third car cf Western Poultry for the
current week was on sale and cleaned up well
at good prices. The car was made up alto
gether of chickens and Included much young
stock. The market was in better shape for do
mestic stock, which v/as in moderate receipt,
and fine heavy Hens sold promptly at firmer
prices, with occasional lots selling over the
quotations. There was a scarcity of Fryers
and small Broilers and prices ranged higher.
Young: Turkeys were offering In small lots and
sold at 23c per pound. There were liberal
receipts of Game and trade was quiet. Hare
were moptly in bad condition "and sold slowly
at a decline.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, nominal; Geese,
per pair, SI 25&1 50; Goslings. $1 50@l 75;
Duck*. $Sf5:4 par dozen for old and $3 5O&4 50
for young; Hens, $4 5O^?5 50; young Roosters,
$4 50@5 50; old Roosters. $4; Fryers $3 50©
4 50; Broilers. ?3Q3 50 for large and $2 SOign
for small; Pigeons $1 50 per dozen for old and
51 P(i«rl 15 for Squabs.
GA11K— Rabbit*. ?1 ?.">Tfl 75 per dozen;
Hare, $1; Wild Doves, CfigCCc per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
APRICOTS — Are firmer. Common are quoted
at O^fiD^c; choice, 0%@l0%c, and fancy at
11%<312c.
PEACHES — Remain eteady, with a moderate
jobbing demand ln progress. Choice are held
at 7',i@"%c. and extra at 7%@SV*c.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market for
Evaporated Apples shows little chanjre. Xot
enough fruit has arrived to form a basis for
new crop values and old fruit shows little
change. Common to good are quoted at 4b
G%c: prime. 5Vi@5%c; choice, 6@6%c; fancy
at 6%@7»4c.
PRUNES — Spot, steady, with a fair demand
reported within the quoted range. Prices for
all frrados run from 3 He to 7c.
DRIED FRUITS.
SUGAR— Raw, quiet; refined, firm.
COFFEE — Spot, quiet. Futures closed un
chaiired. September, 3.55e; November, 4.00c;
December, 4.30c; March, 4.55c; May. 4.70c*
July, 4.85c.
. NEW YORK. Sept. 3.— FLQUR— Receipts.
24.900. Moderately active and firm.
WHEAT— Receipts, 39,225. Spot, easy; No.
2 red, Hj%c elevator and £S%c f. o. b. afloat;
No. 1 Northern Duluth. 05%c f. o. b. afloat;
No. 1 hard Manitoba. 95Vic f. o. b.
Throughout the forenoon Wheat was fairly
eteady, with a generally steady undertone, in
flnenced by Ensll?h cables, rumors of rain in
the Northwest and firmer outside markets.
After midday prlcea eased off somewhat on poor
export Inquiries and closed \4@-%c net lower.
May. 89%S89%c. closed S9^,c;. September
closed BSVie; December closed 8814c.
HOPS — Firm.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL — Quiet.
A^tt 1 York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Sept. A.— To-day 1 § volume of
dealings was not sreatly below tho^e ot yes-
I terday. but the dearth of Interest in the mar
ket and the dead level of dullness was more
pronounced than at any time. Yesterday"*
upward movement of prices wae pretty
promptly halted aster the market sot started
and thtre was quite liberal prom-taking by
yesterday's buyers. The decline was not far
fcxtendea and only a lew of the stocks were
j depressed as much as a point. Reading was ,
I notably under pressure, the selling being sup-
I Pu»ed to be unloading of some pool holdings ¦
1 taken on expectation of a rise in Uie price
j A^ a matter of fact the consideraticn ofohe
past heavy eamineu by the anthracite car
riers has been generally giving way to the
tflect of the dlbcussion ot the acvumulaUon
01 steam sizes of coal, followed by the shut
ting down of some of the collieries and some
ot the suggestions of a curtailment of pro
duction, llie principal event or the day in !
the financial world was the advance in the
tiank of England discount rate by a full
j 1 Per cent, trora 3 to 4 per cent. This is
! one of the customary measures to oppose an
j outward movement of Kold.' The adVanee is
; not unusual in the fall months, but is gen
| erally delayed later than this. But the drain
j upon *he Bank of England gold supply has !
1 become bo considerable as to surest the in- 1
I terposlng o f some obstacle. Over f4.000.WO i
i EX,!?!™! 1 from the bauk t0 - d * y - an<i of this
*J.oOu.uoo vent to Germany, which is the
principal source of the drain. The London
market was decidedly depressed in consequence
of the aavance in rate*, the price of consols
falling lower than durint the Boer war The
depression reflected in New York irom fiat
source, however, was but Blight and sales for
London account were small. This may have
tT"Un u V\h :e i act th f l New YoIk ls likeI y
10 Wn in the demand on London for gold
before long. Our foreign exchange mafket
responded to the increased bank rat- in Lcn
t^'fr^r, our P . m ° ne y market was practically
t^n I T e heaVy '^dfiUon ln tn *
ton market was due to the complete surprise
at the condition of the crop resorted by the
£ 'I? favorable influence upon stocks. The
F^it,,' 110 ,? n ° tiCe - Th * slump ; n Colorado
5*,™. Vi* onse< l ue « influence in passing
of the dividend on the preferred stock and
ww y r e 'J ulr * m^t. for additional capTtal
which are impending over the corporation.
« e 7 lll !» gfajMt Railway reflected^e con
tinued unfavorable view of the turning back
Jh'olr^ ,i ndewr ' tln * indicate managers of
lnterei?, n * rS .v,° f th<? 8tock to the dominant
interests in the property. The market h»
came practically stagnant late in lb? day and"
closed heavy about the low level
lar^T^f dU " 8nd im «"
and the new
NETV YORK STOCK LIST.
At^on- WBgSK a^/
Atchison pfd 500 91'1 l\ % fiX*
S3 S S£Si: 5 « S h 1 1?
Canadian Pacific .. 1,400 12*5 12au |»«
Cent of Xew Jersey 100 16 i% 161% J^
Chl & Alton pfd t\' 3
%£%*¦:%?£ m ir "' |«
c t & t pfd ;;;; \^
C C C & St Louis. . 5VJ 73 73" 73
Colo Southern 300 14% 541/ ¦,,
Colo South 1st pfd. 400 63% 53 2 53
Colo Pouth 2d pfd. '200 225i 22U o^ii
Dela & Hgdson „ " * {tCT 2 .
Del Lack &. West '"' A^,,,
JDea & Rio Orande 241*
Din & Rio Gr pfd '"" ??'?
Krie 12.3W 30 2^^ 2»U
Trie 1st pfd J.40O 6774 <>7^ tJ7<
, Erie 2d pfd 100 62 52 51 u
Great Northern pfd 165
Hocking Valley .. 100 t>7 67* r,!»
Hock Valley pfd. .. :{GO SO 14 gf> 79
Illinois Central ... 200 133>4 133*4 183
lou-a Central 20
Iowa Central pfd.. 200 37>4 37% :r,"s.
Kan City South. "->l;
K C Southern pfd .. 100 Z~% 37% .-js^
l>ou!sv &. Nashv.. 500 105^ 105 105
Manhattan L . ... 400 135 135 125
T.letropol Street Ry 5.700 113% 111 Ilia;
Minn & St Louis 53
Missouri Pacific .. 3,000 84 p.it-i " mv
Mo Kan* & Texas 40O 20 20 1314
M K & T pfd 200 42 42 40
N R R o( Ilex pfd WX) 41 U 4J 41li
K Y Central 700 1219$ 121^ 12Ui
?»"or & Western... 300 G2-?i 02% C2y t
Nor & West pfd SJ}'
Ontario & Western Iff) 23'4 Zf'A 2">U
Pennsylvania 0,000 124',4 12314 124
P C C & St Louis G.-J
Rradttir 40,100 55 5".% M%
Keadinjt Irt i»fd 7S'/i
Reading 2rt prd C9
Hock Inland 13,600 29<^ 28 28%
Kock Island pfj.. 200 6«%* C6% IU\'
Ft 1, & s r 1st pfd «5
Bt LftSF 2'1 pfd. .'tOO 50 4f»^ t 40
Ft. Louis S W.-.V. 100 W% 10% 15%
St I^uig H W pfd. 400 Cj :U. 35
St Pnul 14,fif»0 142«i 141% 142',*
Ft Paul pfd J<« 172>4 172V4 172
Fouthern Pacific ... C.4OO 4fH4 45% 45%
Fouthtrn Ry 1,200 22»i 22V^ 22^
Fouthern Ry rfd... 200 S4 R4 SZ%
Texas & Pacific ... COO 27^ 27 2(?«i
Tol Bt L & West 21 I
Tol S L & W pfd. 2rx> 2ft 27>4 2K14 j
T.'nion Pacific 1C..VK) 75% 76 74%!
t'nion Pacific pfd. 300 P6 86 SMA I
Wabaeh 100 ' 2H4 21% 21U-J
Webaah pfd 700 33U 35 35
Wheel & L Erie 17
Wisconsin Central jgu
Wisconsin Cent pfd 100 40% 40% 3OV4
Hxpress Companies —
I Adams 223
j American jgo
TTnltrd States ]00
V.VJlF FarKo 215
i Miscellaneous —
Arr.al Copper 14.600 4S% 47% 47«
Amer Car & Foun 500 32 31X4 32
Arrier C & F pfd.. g2
Amer Linseed Oil jo
Anrr Lin Oil pfd 32
# Amor Locomotive... 100 10 19 18%
Aaicr Loco pfd 100 S5% 85^ S5^
Amer Smelt & Rrf. U>0 44 43T- 43T4
Ame-r S & Ttef pfd ga
Amer Susar Itcf . . 1,000 117«4 117 117
Ar.aeonda Min Co. J>00 81% 80% SO
TJrooklyn Rap Tran 3,(»00 4R',4 44% 44V
Colo Fuel &. Iron.. 1,200 47% 44 4414
Columbus & II C 1414
Consolidated Gas.. 800 173% 173 . 173
Genera! Electric 162
Inter Paper 12%
Inter Paper pfd ... 100 CS 67 CS
Inter Pump 34%
Inter Pump pfd 80
National Biscuit .. 10O 3SV4 3S% .1st;
National Lead .... 100 15 15 14%
North American .. 300 75% 75% 76 V 4
Pacific Moil 21"«4
People's Gm 200 03% 03% 93%
Preescd Steel Car 41%
Pressed Steel C pfd so
Pullman P»I Car.. 100 218 218 217%
Republic Steel 200 11% 11% uy^
Republic Steel pfd. 200 66% 66% <5GVi
Rubber Goodu 600 1S34 17% 18%
' nubber Goods pfd 71
Nezv York Stock Market.
The close was steady ar.il at a slight re
covery from this level, whirh represented a
decline from the highest of the week of from
59 to 71 points, with prices" finally net 20 to 2$
points lower.
NEW YORK. Sept. 3. — The cotton market
opened steady, with January one point lower,
but the list generally wes unchanged to 3
points higher, follov.-lng tiw higher cables.
Shortly after the call heavy liquidation set In,
which carried prices rapidly downward. There
were occasional reactions, but the course of
the marltet was generally toward a lower level.
Then the monthly bureau report wu read,
showing an average condition of 81.2 against
C0.7 last month and 64 last year. This proved
more favorable than had been expected and
was followed by one of the most active and
excited periods that the market has experi
enced since the early days of the bull cam
paign. In an instant September was down to
11.13c, October was around 10.20c, December
0.45c and January i'.42c. The realizing by sell
ing orders oame In from all directions and
prices were socn on the downward track again.
September sold at 11.11c, October at 10.07c,
December at U.S2c, January at O.OCc and March
at 0.76c.
New York Cotton Market.
¦ . Tile New Tork circular of Henry Clews eays:
'¦ "la ej>!te of drawbacks business prospects
*r* encouraging. Labor agitation is subsiding.
'. <Va;'.tsJ 2s likely to make smaller profits, but
the volume of business promises to be large,
_:'i.nd our industries are all well employed.
'" Should prie*s of manufactured products de-
V'cline. to more normal figures me effect -would
." fe* . advantageous, inasmuch as consumption
w.ould be cumulated, while excessive new corn
¦• !>f tition would be discouraged by more nor
• ir.* 5 i profit*.
• '¦' The agricultural situation promises to carry
the country safely beyond any crisis. The
.-farmer — whether h« grows cotton, corn, wheat.
fi«>'. li\-e etock or dairy produce — is eure of
•.proStabie prices for hi* output. Apparently
.•rfci* le not to be & year or big crope. hut cur
• irpricultural products are not Increasing as
. rapidly U th? demand for them, the conse
•yuohce being hi«h prices anJ good profits to
. Tht fanner. Very lively combines and specu
'laTicn have unduly enhanced the costs of meat
arid cotton, but they could net have done this
Wm it not for the gradual overtaking of sup
ply ty demand, the *flf«>c"t« of which they s!m
' p',y_ exagg-erated for their own financial ad
vf.r.'age. It U many years since the American
'nrr:;»-r er>joye<5 6uch prosperity es he is hav- '
tni f/-J»>. and there is every profpect of his
having another year of the same sort. This
¦ t?;=&r:n mu^h for eeneral busintss.
¦•The monetary situation le still a subject
that excites attention. Good rates for money
fcrt .!ikt-ly for seme months to come. Loans
' have failed to ccme down from recent high ftg
lirps in «pite of recent liquidation. This i? a
¦.al^arpointment. and indicatts a continued de
. nianij for accommodation In hgh quarters.
' Italrrad borrowings are known to be heavy.
.but thefce do net cause mncmi, b^inie for legit
'•irr.iite purposes and backed by good credit.
Indications jxMnted to some of these loans be
"s-rigr shifted to Europe for the purpose of re
• Ucvtoff the local situation. This would defer
' tto'A imports, but cur credit abroad was
¦ .-Vrr n.rthened by our ability to liquidate laet
,: ¦ -mon's loans, and Europe is much more wlll
.•-.g to give us loans than to rak<" our securi
-¦ ;• s outr^ht. When the crop demands are
: ¦ wer, ' which fall heavily upon this center in
: "rplt« of the growing ability of the West to
'fnancf- its own crops, this shifting of credits
• :q Europe irfll probably case and repayment
««l the obligation* we are now incurring will
•ri"-'m nrrier. ¦ ¦
.' •••A favorable feature In t*ie money situa
"tir; eiso has been the rartial removal of the
¦•c :;..&• -;-uon that has prevailed for eon» time
'.%mB( .:n the mercantile r.ar*>r market, by large
'. riyteh&pn?, recently commenced by banks and
'.tntFt conipanifcs. of the best names en a slight
•*<pnceasloil in rates."
Cheerful Outlook for Trade.
I EASTERN MARKETS.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs, 6c; under
140 lbs, 5H@5%c; Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars.
50 per cent ofT. and Stags. 40 per cent off from
above quotations.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers, $S0c; Cows and heifers,
7@8e; thin Cows. 4@6c per lb.
CALVES — »S5»4c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 4c; Ewes, 3*j©3%c per lb
(gross weight).
LAJTBS— ?2 75@3 per head.
DRESSED MEATS.
¦Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 6@7c for Steers and 5®6c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 6&<g8Hc; small, 9®10c per
pound. I
MUTTON — Wethers.- 8©8^c; Ewes, Se per lb.
LAMB — 9-glOc per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hosts. 8%©9»ic per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The situation remains unchanged. There are
enough Cattle, Sheep and Hogs coming In to
supply the demand.
Meat Market.
Receipts of river Potatoes were heavy, but
prices were maintained under a fair demand
both for local consumption and shipping. The
general tone of the market, however, was easy
and there was Quite a -surplus unsold at the
close. Salinas Burbanks stood as previously
quoted, with supplies sufficient for all re
quirements. Receipts of Sweet Potatoes were
rather light, but 'there were enough on hand
to satisfy the demand and prices were un
changed. Onions were plentiful and easy.
There was not much change In Vegetables,
the market being well supplied with all de
ecriptlons. There was an abundance of poor
Green Corn 'on hand, which lessened the sale
of crood stock, and prices continued to have
a wide range. Tomatoes arrived freely from
across the bay and up river and prices were
£3 before. The canners were buying the bay
product at the minimum quotation. String
and Wax Beans were in light but ample sup
ply and sold well at steady rates. Lima Beans
continued to drag at low figures. Receipts of
Okra were light, the previous low prices hav
ing checked the movement, and fresh stock
sold ' at firmer" rates. The other Vegetables
were unchanged.
POTATOES— Burbank" from the river, 50c©
$1 per ctl. with some fancy higher; Sallnai
Burbanks. $1@1 50 per ctl; Early Rose, nom
inal: Sweet Potatoes. l ; VJ@2c per lb. 0
ONIONS — 50i960c per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn. 75c@$l 50 per
sack; crates from -Alameda, $1^1 50; from
Berkeley, 60cefl; Green Peas 2{?3c per lb;
String Beans. 2H@3c per lb; Wax, 2%S3c;
Lima Beans, $1&1 per sack; Tomatoes, 25®
tiOc per box for river, and 3<Xg73c for bay: Sum
mer Squash, 30®40c per box: Cabbage, 75®S5c
per ctl; Csrrot3. 75c per sack: Cucumbers. 25@
40c r-er box; Pickle Cucumbers. :jfTi3V.jo for No.
1 and l@2'/jc per lb for others; Garlic, 2@3o per
lb; Green Peppers, 25@4<)c'per box or sack;
Green Okra. 35@50c per box; Egg Plant. 400
50c per box; Marrowfat Squash, $10(312 per ton.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Sept. 3.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 1200; steady to 10c lower. Natives,
?4 25<ft6 65; cows and heifers, $1 75@5 10;
etockers and feeders, $2 C5@4 60.
HOGS — Receipts. 2»67: 5@10c higher. Light.
$5 45(g5 80; medium and heavy. $5 25ST3 60.
SHEEP — Receipts. 5069; active; steady to
strong. Top Idaho wethers, $3 50.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Sept. 3.— CATTLE— Receipt*.
8000; Including 8C0 Texans. Western, steady to
lower. Good to prime steers, $5 4C@f>: poor to
medium $4 10@5 30; etockers and feeders, $2 50
<S± 25; "cows $1,50^4 75; heifers. I2S5; can^
ners 51 60^2 75* bulls. $2®-* C5; calves, $3 50
@7; " Texas . fed steers, .%'i 26©4 60; Western
Bteers. $3 20®4 65.
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 15,000; to-morrow,
15.000. Opened steady, closed G@10c higher.
Mixed and butchers. $5 25@5 90; good- to
choice heavy J5 40®0 75; rough heavy. $5 10
«J5 40- light $5 60@8 10; bulk of sales. $5 30
@5 05.
SHEEP— Receipts. 18,000. Shaep. steady to
weak. Lambs steady to strong. Good to
choice wethers, $3 25@3 75; fair to choice
mixed, $2 2503 26; Western sheep, {2 60®
S 65; native lambs $3 60<gfl; "Western lambs,
$3 50@5 10
ST JOSEPH. .
Eastern Livestock Market.
The- strike of wool handlers is on. as ex
pected, and the whole market |9 reported tied
up and flat in consequence. Prices as yet show
no change, but they have naturally become
nominal. " *
HIDES AND SKINS— Cul!» and brands sell
about l',4c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 9%c: medium. S%c; light. 8c; Cow
Hides, 8c for heavy ani 8c for light;
Stars. 6c: Salted Kip, 8%c; Salted V«al. 3 He;
Salted Calf. 10c; dry Hides. 15S15^c; dry Kip.
13c; dry Calf. 17c; Sheepskin*, shearlings. 25®
40c each; short wool. 40^50c each; medium, 70
@00c; lone wool. $1@1 50 »?ch; Horse Hides,
salt. ?2 75 for large and $2@2 60 for medium.
$1 2501 75 fcr rnlall and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, drv. $1 75 for large and $1 50 for me
dium, $161 25 for "tf&H and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican. 32%c; dry 'alte<l
Mexican. 28e; dry Central American. ?2&e.
Goat Sklns^ — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth. 60c; medium. 35c; email. 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rend9red. 4^£@4%o per lb:
No 2. 4®4Hc: grease. 2%@?e.
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquln Lambs'. 90
12c: Foothill. 10@12c; Middle County, 11Q:13c.
Quotations for spring clip are as follows:
Humboldt and Mendoclno, lS#20c; Nevada. 13
@15c; Valley Oregon, fine, 18@19c; do. medium.
17©lSc: do. coarse. 16®17c per lb.
HOPS — 22@23c per lb for. both 1902 and 1003.
Hides, Tallozu, Wool and Hops.
Total shares eold.288,500
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW y6rK, Sept. 3.— Bond transactions of
United Railroads of San Francisco: 2000 at
$79; 10.000 at $79 25.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 4« reg..lO7& Do 1st Ino .... 18%
Do coup 103 Minn & St L 4s. 03%
Do 3s reff 107 M K & T 4a .... 97Vi
Do *eoup 107 Do 2ds 78
Do new 4a reg.134% N Y Cen -n 3H»- 05V4
-Do coup 134% N J Cen. gen 6s.l2S
Do old 4s reg..ios% Northern Pac 4s. 100%
J>o coup 109% Do 3s 70%
Do 6s reg 10l£ Norf & W con 4s. 96T4
Do coup 101 H Reading gen 4s.. 05%
AtchlBon gen 4s. 90ft St L&I M con 6s.llO%
Do adjust 4s.. 90 St L & S F 4s... 92
Bait & Ohio 4s.. 100 St L S W, lsta... 04%
Do 3H» 92 Do 2ds 97
Do ?onv -•» ... 06 San A & A P 4s. 77%
Can South 2ds...lO4 Southern Pac 4s. 8«V,
Central of Ga Bs.lO4V$ Southern Ry Rs..ll3$»
Do 1st lnc .... 74 Texas & Pac lsts.114%
Ches & Ohlp 4^8.101% Tol St L & W 4s. 72
Chi & Alton 3^3. 73^ Union Pacific 4s.. 99%
C B & O new 4s. 93Vi Do conv 4s ... 94^5
C MiSt P sen 4s.lO3H Wabash lsts ....114H
C & S W con 7s. 130% Do 2ds 106
C R I & 1» is... COH Uo deb B 50%
CCC&StL gen 4s. 95 West Bhore 4s...lO9V4
Chi Term 4» 75 W & L Eri« 4s.. 80
Colo & South 4s. 84 Wiscon Cen 4s... 89 V4
Denver & R G 4s. 99 Con Tobacco 60%
Erie prior lien 4s. 96% Colo Fuel 77
Do cen 4* 83}4 Rock Ieland 4s... 73%
Ft W & D C lsts.102 Manhattan 101%
Hocking Val 4^8.105 u S Steel 70^
Ja & N unlf 4s... OS Vi Pennsylvania .... 05%
Mexican Cen 4s. 74 r
NEW TORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 14 Little Chief .... 07
Alice 17 Ontario 6 12\b
Breece 15 Ophlr 165
Brunswick Con.. 03 Phoenix 08
Comstock Tunnel 07 Potosi 11
Con Cal & Va..l 35 Savage 10
Horn Silver 1 00 Sierra NevaJa .. 60
Iron Silver 1 25 Small Hopes ... 25
Leadvlllo Con .. 03 Standard 1 75
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — ¦ Westinghse Com.. 82
Call loans «% «?5 Mining-
Time loans fiViii/O Adventure ....... , r ,Vi
Bonds — Allouez 5ta
Atchison 4s 97% Amalgamated .... 47%
Mexican Cent 4s.. 72 Blngham 26
Railroads — Calumet & Hecla.475
Atehlson 64 Vi Centennial 2<JV4
Atchison pfd .... 97 ',? Copper Rang* 04^3
Boston & Albany.250 Dominion Coal.... 82
Boston & Maine. .107 Franklin SVi
Boston Elevated. .137 Isle Royale.. .. ... 7
N Y. N H & H..1S)6»4 Mohawk 41%
Fitchburg pfd ...13t» Old Dominion.... ]f>
Union Pacific 75 Osceola .....' 59V-
Mexican Central. .113-4 Parrot 20Vi
Miscellaneous — Quincy 85
Am Sugar pfd.... 119 Eanta Fe Copper. I
Am Tel & Tel... 133 Vi Tamarack 105
Dom Iron & Steel. O^'Trlmountaln 71
General Electric. .101 jTrinity IV,
Mass Electric 2Ui|United State* 20'
Mass Elec pfd 7lHi|Vletor!a 3S-;
United Fruit 06 Wlnona 8^4
U S Steel 22% Wolverine 72'
U S Steel pfd.... 70%
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Con for money.S!) 13-16iN Y Central 125%
Con tor acct...S9 15-1*1 Norfolk & Westn. W»
Anaconda 4',CtNQr & W pfd. . . . t!)0'4
Atchison «3«% Ontario & West.. 24U
Atchison pfd .... W.l% Pennsylvania .... «4
Halt & Ohio 81*4 Kand Mines 10
Canadian Pacific. l'-'TV^ Reading 28
Ches & Ohio 34^ Reading lat pfd.. 40%
Chgo &- G Westn. 17% ReaJing 2d pfd.'.. :;5
Chgo, M & St P..146H; Southern Ry 33'4
De Beers 20&, £0 Ry pfd »7
Denver & R G..*. 25% Southern Pacific. 47
D & n G pfd SO Union Pacific 77%
Erie 309s Union Pacific pfd. 88 Vi
Erie 1st pfd 03 Vi U S Steel 23%
Erie 2d pfd 53 US Steel pfd 72%
Illinois Central... 137 Wabaeh 22 ',j
Louisvl & Nash.. 108^ Wabash pfd M
Mo, Kans & Tex. 2<.)-'n
Bar silver, steady, 26^»d per ounce. Money.
13&&2 per cent. The rate of discount In the
open market for short bills is 3%®;i4 .per
cent, and for three months' bills 3V> per cent..
Wheat— Se Pt- Jan.-Apl.
Opening -20 25 20 70
Cloetng 20 80 20 70
Flour —
Opening 27 05 27 60
Closing 27 05 27 60
Wheat— Sept. Oct. Dec.
Opening « £% « 6% 6 7
Closing fl«^ 6 <S% 6 7
LIVERPOOL.
Foreign Futures.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady. . Creamery, 14@10c; dairy,
134117c. Eggs, firm at mark, cases included,
101iffl7V.e. Cheese, steady. »W®H}4c.
Tenn Coal & Iron.. £00 42 42 41%
U S Leather 300 8% 7% T%
U S Leather pfd 81
U S Rubber 12H
U S Rubber pfd 42
U S Steel 4,000 23V4 22% 22%
U S Steel pfd 2.500 71 V» 70% 71
Western Union .... 200 83^4 S3 , 83 U
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
I — I
Shipment of $97,429 in Specie to Hongkong.
Wall street Stocks Imccr on the day.
Local Stocks and Bends quiet, zvith fczu fluctuations.
Sihcr slightly lozver, and Mexican dollars slightly higher.
Banksof England raises its rate of discount to 4 per cent.
Wheat futures weaker. Barley market continues to advance,
Oats selling off well, with Seed descriptions higher.
Corn easy, with buyers holding off. Rye steady.
Middlings lower. Bran weak. Rolled Barley firm.
¦Hay sellers complain of the scarcity of cars.
Beans weak and quiet, but not materially changed.
Lozver grades of Butter show some variation.
Eggs steady. Cheese plentiful and zveak.
Honey mores slowly in spite of a light crop.
Proz'ision situation firmer at Chicago.
Wool market tied up by a local labor strike.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs unchanged.
Supplies of Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables continue large.
Poultry firm under moderate receipts. Game zveak.
Fresh Fruits in good demand for shipment.
Lumber trade reported in good condition.
There. is no further change In Beans. They
are dull and weak with Increasing receipts of
the new crop. The Hueneme Herald estimates
the crop of Llmas in Ventura County at 400,
000 eacks; Los Angeles County at 120.CO0;
Santa Barbara County 80.000. and Orange
County. 63,000. a total of C63.000 sacks. The
acreage and yield per acre are placed as fol
lows: Orange County. 7000 acres, yield p
baga to acre; Los Angeles. 12.000 acres, yield
10 bags; Ventura. 35.000 acres, yield 11H
bags; Santa Barbara. 8000 acres, with a yield
of 10 bags to the acre.
'BEANS — Bayos, $2 UO$J3 15; Pea, $3 25; But
ters, $3 20: small White. $2 7503 05; large
White, $2 50@2 60: Pink. $2 75*82 9O; Red,
$2 00@3; Lima, $3 25@3 40; Red Kidneys, nom
inal; Blackeye, $2 50@2 65 per ctl; Horse
Beans, $1 4C@1 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, mmlnnl; Flax. $1 70@l 80; Canary.
t,@ii\<jc for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape,
l?i@^ic; Timothy. (i®fiVic; Hemp. 3'4e.'lVic
per lb; Millet. 3@a'^c; Broom Corn Seed. fXxy
23 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green, $1 60^2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
tracted, 6%Q634e; light amber extracted, 6c;
dark. 3H®4%c \
BEESWAX — 27028c per lb.
The local market Is running along quietly.
without change The Chicago letter of Bolton,
De Ruyter & Co. says: "Market Is firm and
higher. Lighter receipts of Hogs and better
general speculative buying were th» causes.
Cash demand is moderately improved, and
there is a pretty fair class of speculative buy-
Ing on the theory that It will continue to Im
prove. Rather think we would buy Provisions
for the time being on the soft spots."
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12Vjc per lb for
heavy, 13c for light medium, 15c for light.
15%c for extra light, 17&c for sugar-cured and
18»4c for extra sugar-cured: Eastern sugar
cured Hams, 15%c: California Haras. 15**c:
Mess Beef. $11 50^12 per bbl; extra Mess, $12
®12 50; Family. $13 50; prime Mess Pork. $19;
extra clear, $25: Mess. $2O: Dry Salted Pork.
12 Vic; Pig Pork, $2S: Feet. $5 25;
Smoked Beef, 15c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7*4c per lb for
compound and 10@10\4c for pure: half barrels,
pure. 10%©10%c: 10-lb tins. 10-}i<211c; 5-lb
tins. Uttc; 3-lb.Uns. ll%c.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 9%c: three
half barrels, 0%c; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces,
OVic; five tierces, OHc per lb.
Provisions.
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. J28®26 60; job
bing. $27©27 50: Cocoanut Cake. |21©22j
Corn Meal, $33® 33 60; Cracked Corn, $33 50®
34 60: Mixed Feed, f22 60®23 60; Hors« Beans,
J28S30 per ton.
HAY— Wheat, $11®14 CO, with sales of extra
choice at $15; Wheat and Oat, fll@13 CO; Oat,
$10013; Wild Oat. $9 50011 60; Barley. 19011;
Clover. |S 50@ll; Stock, $309; Alfalfa, $d CO0
10 50 ptr ton.
STRAW — 35®C5c per bale.
52Ucj No. 2 r«llow, 68ttc; No. 8 whit* oats.
37©3T$ic; No. 2 rye. 6Ci4c; good feeding bar
ley. 48o; fair to choice malting, 52@5Uc; No. 1
flaxseed, 04c; No. 1 Northwestern, 99c; prime
timothy seed, $3 15: mess pork, per barrel,
$12 60; lord, per ICO lbs. $8 60@8 62%; short
ribs eldes (loose), $7 6037 87 V& J dry salted
Fhoulders (boxed), f6 62%@G 76; short clear
sides (boxed), $7 7C&7 87%; whisky, basis of
high wines, |1 23; clover, contract grade. $3 80.
'Articles— Be £ el i*?- Shipments.
Flour, barrels..... 20,700 0,000
Wheat, bushels 182,600 33,000
Corn, bushels 842.200 440. COO
Oats, buehels.. 146.400 23&.200
Rye. bushels ¦-.• 050
Barfey. bushels iaa.800 462.000
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, FBIDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1903;
STOCK MARKET.
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 4"i 5 Sac K O &. R. — —
E.mit Gas... — ' — S F O A B.. 6SK »*i
Mutual K L. — 14 9 F Gas.... — — .
1-ac O Imp. — OS Stkn O A E. — —
Pac Lighting — — U O A B.... -— —
. . TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATE^
S F O & E. 6S 6S%
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — ~-
BANK STOCKS.
Am Natl Bk. — — L P & A.... — —
Anglo-Cal .. — — Mer Trust... — 250
Bank of Cal.520 — Merch En... — —
Cal Safe Dp. — — S F Natlonl. — —
First Nationl — —
SAV1NQS BANKS.
Ger S & Xj. — — Sav & L So. 83 —
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk. — —
Mutual Sav. — — Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U. — —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..— — I Presidio . 39 45
Geary — — I • '•
POWDER.
Giant C8 66\i;Vlgorlt — S'i'
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. . — — Kllauea S C — 1
Hawaiian C. 43^ — Makaweli C. M^4 24
Honokaa S C 13V* 14 Onome* 9 C . *O *3
Hutch SPC13 14 Pa.auha.u SC W —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.149%150 Oceanic S Co — — .
Cal Fruit As. 00 — Pac A F A. i% —
Cal Wine As. 07 — Pac Borax.. 187 —
Moraine Sesslan.
Board — _^
50 Alaska Packers' As'n "9 fo
75 Central Light and Power » «>
20 Cal. Wine Assn Of «>
25 Giant Powder Con « W
110 Mutual Electric Light J* <*»
25 Paauhau S P Co i^ »
35 9 F Gas & Electric Co 70 t>O
50 S F Gas and Electric Co TO 23 •
13 S F Gas and Electric Co 70 SO
5 S V Water •• »* 25 •
60 S F Gas & Elec Trus. Certlf. b 3. iO 00
15 S F Gas & Elec Trus. Certlf 7j> 00
f3Ct>0 Cal Cen Gas & Elec 5s 103 00
11000 Cal Cen Gas & Elec 5a 103 25 .
$20,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5s 106 •»
Afternono Sesslon.
10 Alaska Packers' A»«"n 140 75
10 California Fruit Canners 0O OO
10 Calitornla Wine Aaa'n 97 00
20 Giant Powder Con 6o 00
40 Hutchinscn 8 P Co 13 60
50 Paauhau S P Co 18 ">
10 S F Gas A Elec Co 70 _5
10 S F Gas & Elec Co 70 0O
It) S F Gas &. Eloc Co «» »» .
5 8 F Gas & Elec Co «9 23
$1000 Cal Cen Gas & Elec 6s 103 25
Street—
$2000 cash Pacific Elec Ry 8s l(n .3 •
California Stock and Oil Exchange
011 Stock*— Bid. A , sk * d - .
Caribou Oil Co 110 11*
Four Oil ••¦• W
Hanford Oil 130 00 ....
Home Oil SO S2Va
Imperial Oil 19 JK> •
Independence Oil 1» 13
Junction Oil 20 21
Kern Oil * <*> * 5 <>
Lion Oil _M „ M
Monte CrUto Oil «T 00 <0 00
Monarch Oil 50 62
Oil City Petroleum 28 ....
Peerless Oil 13 5O 14 00
Keed Crude Oil 4.1
San Joaquln OH B »
Sterling Oil 2 60 ....
Thirty-Three OH •• » CO
Twenty-Eight OH 4 25 4 40
Union Oil •»<*»
United Petroleum 10O 0>»
West Shore OH 3 00 3 25
Miscellaneous — . •
Abby Land A Imp 1 20 1 45
Alameda Sugar 2»0O
American Biscuit 8300 9500
American District Tel ,
Bey Counties* Power
Cal Central Gns & Elec
Cal Cotton Mills 88 00 .... "
Cal Jockey Club 105 00
Cal Powder -I'll
Cal Shipping Co 25 Ou
Cal Title Ins and Trust 130 00 140 W
Central Bank of Oaklatd 60 60
Chutes Company 860
City ami County Bank ....
Cypress Lawn Imp Co . 6 ol>
eastern Dynamite . ... ....
fwa Sugar Plantation ....
Gas Consumers' Ass'n 22 50
Honolulu Sugar 18 00
London and S F Bank (Ltd) ....
Mercantile Trust ....
Northern Cal Power 8 50
N>\a<la National Bank
"North Shore Railroad 9 OO ....
Orpheum Company 15 0O ..
raclfle States Tel & Tel 122 5O
Parafnne Paint 33 00 ; .
Postal Device & Imp ....
San Francisco Dry Deck 47 00 ....
Sausalitc Land and Ferry .. 18 0f» • .
Sp*rry Flour Company 27 50 SO 00 .
Standard Electric 18 CO
Trucked Electric 13 25 16 ©O
Union Susar 22 5O ....
United Gaa & Electric 34 50 ....
Western Fish Co ....
SALES.
Mornln™ Session.
Board —
4"¥> Home Oil 75
UIO Home Oil, s. 9Q 75.
1250 Home Oil 7TH
100 Home Oil. s. 30 TT)j
400 Home OU SO
."..Hanford OH 13100
2.N5 Caribou OH 110
2000 Monte Cristo Oil TO
Afternoon Session.
15CO Lion Oil 04
loo Home Oil „..-. 8<>
tf.'ixt Independence OH 19
100 OH City Petroleum 29
2G0 Monte Cristo OU 69
Street—
200 Sterling Oil. b. 80 2 SO
1OO Sterling Oil. b. 90 2 75
20O Occidental OH 1» .
ICO Home Oil 80
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Frair
cisco Stock and Gxchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher 24 350 Mexican 105
100 Belcher £5 200 Occidental ... 3«
500 Con Cal & Va.l 50i 300 Ophlr 1 65
50 Con Cal & Va.l 45 200 Seg Belcher... 10
1000 Con Imperial. 04| 100 Sierra Nevada <U
1TUO Exchequer ... M\ 20O Union Con... 6rt
100 Gould & Cur. 2<? 20O Utah \H
400 Gould & Cur. 25' S0O Utah 17
Afternoon Session.
1 1C0 Alpha 06 100 Crown Point.. 11
500 Bullion 03 200 Ophlr 163
200 Challenge Con 22 50O Ophir 1 70
20O Con Cal * Va.l 50 WO Sierra. N«v... 61
200 Con Cal & Va.l 45 50O Yellow Jacket 50
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales on th« Paelflc
Stock Exchange yesterday:
- Morning Session.
500 Alphan Con. 07 100 Ophir 1 «7U
300 Belcher 2:'. 200 Savage .... 21 .
30O C C & Va..l 45 200 Sierra Nov. «3 •"
200 C C & Va..l 47$i 200 Sierra Nev. «2
500 Crown Point 11 50O Union Con.. Off
1WX) Exchequer . 04 COO Utah IT
SOO Gould & Cur 2fi 1000 Utah 1«
400 Mexican .'.'4(3 30O Yellow Jack i'£
Afternoon Session.
SOO Andes 13 20O Mexican ...1 02»4
500 Chollar '.... 10 30O Mexican ...1 OO
100 C C * Va..l 45 200 Mexican ... 99 '.
10OO C Imperial. 0* 200 Ophir 1 65
500 Con N York 13 700 Savage .... 20
5fx> Crown Point 11 20<> Sierra Nev. «2
rrf)O Gould & Cur 24 200 Sierra Nev. «>
15«> Justice 10 500 Utah 16
500 Justice .... 09
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales on the San
Francisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yes
terday:
Morning Session.
7500 Esperanza ... 041 20O Ton N Star.. 4*
1000 Esperanza ... 05 200 Ton N Star. . 47
300 Mizpah 31 1200 Ton N SUr.. W
500 Mont Ton... I 02 l M 1°<> Ton N Star.. 49
1CC0 Rescue 11
Afternoon Sewion. '
5O0O Esperanza. ... 600 Rescue U
200 Mizpah 4 1 '
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Sept. 3 — I p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bld.Aak.
Alpha 0« 07 Julia 01 03
Alta M Ott Justice 08 00
Andes 12 14!Kentuck .... 02 03
, Belcher . ... 21 22; Mexican . ...1 00 1 06
Best & Bel. .125 . . lOccidental . . . 35 37
Bullion 03 04 Ophlr 165 170
Caledonia . . SO 85 Overman .... 20 23
Challenge ... 22 23 Potosi 12 13
Chollar 10 UlSavage 20 22
Confidence ... 80 95 Scorpion .... 01 03
Con Cal & Va.l 40 1 43 Seg Belcher.. 10 11
Imperial 03 04 Sierra Nevada 61 60
New York .. 13 15 Silver Hill ... «S) 71
Crown Point .08 10 St Louis .... 1«
Eureka Con . 40 PO Syndicate ... — 08
Exchequer ... 04 05, Union Con .. 62 63
Gould & Cur. 24 25 Utah 1« 17
Hale & Nor.. 47 1!) Yellow Jack.. 48 49
Lady Wash . 04 08-
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Colehan ... IS — Rescue ... 00 12
Esperanza . 03 05 Ton Bel....l OO 1 75
Gipsy Queen — 28 Tono Frac. — 75
Hannapah . 10 22 Tono of N.S OO 7 00
Lucky Tom — 15 Ton N Star 47 49
MacNamara 12 17 Ton Midway — 43
Mizpah ... 30 31 Tono & S L — 55
Montana ...1 00 I 024 United Ton. — a
Paymaster . 11 1&
Hay and Feedstu ffs. /
Fcedstufts. with the exception of Rolled Bar.
ley. are still quoted weak and dull, and Mid
dlings are somewhat lower again. Hay con
tinues to arrive liberally, and sellers complain
that cars are so scarce that they are expe
riencing difficulty in making their deliveries.
BRAN-T-J23 50fi24 f.O por ton.
MIDDLINGS — $26 50@2S per ton.
SHORTS— $23 50«24 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, f24®25 per
Honey does not seem to move off very read
ily. In spite ot the short crop, which Is placed
at not over 20 per Cent of the normal for comb,
while extracted is not estimated at over half
a crop at best. The retailers are not buying
in this market, saying that the demand at pres
ent Is very light. -
NEW FRUIT — Apricots, 7%@0>4c for Royals
and itgllc for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples,
5®Cc; Peaches. 5%@7c: Pears, 6@Sc; Nec
tarines.4S-l%c for white; Figs, white, 4H@
4&i c In boxes; Plums, pitted, &@tic per 1b.
PRUNES — 1902 crop, 2%@2%c for the four
sizes, 'with J /4@lc premium for the large sizes.
RAISINS — New prices are as follows: Tvo
crown, fiffiijc; three-crown, 6%®6#c; four
crown, 0%@7c. .
. NUTS— Walnutu, No. 1 softshell. - 12%@13c;
No. 2. lO^eUttc: No. 1 hardshell. ll%@12c:
No. 2, 10®10Vic; new Almonds, He for Nonpa
reils, 10%c for I X U 10%c for Ne Plus Ul
tra and ! 8%c for Lamtuedoc; Peanuts, 5@7c
for Eastern; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $4 50
©5. .
HONEY— Comb. new. 12«4©13Hc for white
and 9SUc for amber: new water white ex-
Dried Fruits t Nuts, Raisins, Honey
FI/DUR— California Family Extras, $4 60@
4 85, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, (4 COtfii bo-
Oregon and Washington, $3 W0®4 20 per bbl
for family and $.i 9C©4 40 for Qakers.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packases are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 50 per 100 lbs; Ryu
Flour, $3 2D: Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour *7'
Corn Meal, '$3 60; extra cream do, $4 25- Oat
Groats, $4 60; Hominy. $4 25@4 50; Buckwheat
Flour, $4 00®4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 76; Fa
rina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 78: Rolled
Oats, bbls, $7Q8 CO; In sacks. $6 50@S 10:
Pearl Barley, $0; Split Peas, boxes, $7; .Green
Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
i* • " «20lh Meridian- -Pacific TimO
."• • : \ san francisco. s*pt. a— r> p. m.
;-,' : ". " : THE COAST RECORD-
: --' V* r . ; c S 2 g « j=
:'C- ' 5 & ?I"? ?s I
ys^ i w i s si u i
.; -• .vTATZOJ»S. 5 -5 g£ & * S
: '-;: r I f i • •?
'•• • ' '. * T • *
T ~.,v7^ 20.03 80 40 NW Oar ,«0
•'•arrfffr.r, £>.»2 W 52 w clear .oo
Vlfno 2» 72 1<*J •* Clear .00
»FJr»f ff '-"- 2> M •* T>0 Bt: «-ioudy .co
in-H-pena^ce -23™ »H <» 8 Cloudy .00
• L" 'n-dee ..»• SO M» <*> w Clear - 00
-¦'UT^mlnaiB-Sa »j 00 7S KW Clear .00
. JWnix I.21MJ4 310 70 XW Clear .00
¦rwtuad .....29.S0 SS « I--W Clear ,.fco
-To-'-it iUve* .2f».K2 r*S 50 WW Fogzy .O»
••IV-' "liuft . ..»».72 10!» C8 HE Clear OO
I''-V>u"b : .29.78 &2 40 KW Oar .00
fttmroente 3*« SS •<« S Clear .00
c'V i^ki I. V »2 fS NVT Oar. .<K>
*hn F^nc^o.io'.fS €2 84 W Clear 00
" «i«i 1 oh'E»o 2XK»; ss r.f) N Clear .«»
-w;a,-5«p^o .29. F2 72 C4 NW Clear .00
•«r-t> 23 W 72 40 XV Clear .00
Enkax* '/.'/... M.Oi 7rt 4* K5V Clear-.. .'.CO
Tw?J$\ ...... 21. '¦*> «S 50 H Clear . .00
¦V.'ll'a Valla.. 3>.«*. « *« N Clear ~:.fl0
.Tu^T ........ y*.C< 112 XS Cicar ,0Q
. WDATHJE3 CCNTITTONF AN.D GENERAL
FORECAST. . /
• Tic DrossTire fcft* CaUrti r.tnJfiiy over Oregon
;fcO* Wi*biTi«tOfl. f A mrxJeraw ¦ «!:«l;srbance will
: t r.-,bab1v move tn rrcm the P3<"!.1c Ocean and
tr.es Vancouver Island end Northern «ub
' V 1 --'-™" temperature ha* fallen about 8 decree* I
In Van FtnHw B.'.y district. There has also
i-'fj; a fall ifl the Vallcr..
"irkin hue fallen In Southern Utah «nd cloudy
weather prevails over the southern bull of the
" ?'t-ccast ta*<le at San Francisco fcr thirty
"h^ur« fr.d«i? m:«n:sht. S*pt«ttr-«r 4:
n Northern Ollfcrnla^Fair FrUay. except
•cloo*y in the rntmntaJn*: IlSht eoutheriy winds
lp; the interior: brisk irecterty wla<!« on th*
.T!£ut£5 Friday except
•croudr weather «n the mountalna and possibly
lirht showere : Ilfht «octh-xest wind.
••• Nevada— Fair Friday in northern portion.
cl&uSy end threatening in southern portion.
•TESi Francisco e-nd vicinity— Fair Friday;
•lirht southerly ch&nstns to brUk westerly
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION SALES
T6-DAY TO-DAY TO-DAY
SHERIFF'S SALS! SHERtFF"3 SALE!
At 11 o'clock a. ra.. 1103 Golden a*U •>?»..
contents of Mascot Stables. Horses, wagona,
harnetses, buggies, etc. --¦ •THE SAN FRANCISCO CApLi, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1903. )
12
~ EMPLOYMENT
GEORGE AOKI, 421 Post st.: tel. Bush 135 —
Japanese - Chinese employment offlce; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Offlce. 413
Stockton; tel. Grant 16S; expert, reliable help
CHINESE Employment Offlce — Best help at
Leon &eui:g'6, 411^ O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5183.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estnb. 20 years.
Tel. Main 3097. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
j _>>ihi!Hy.mis.\t wanted — fkmale.
RELIABLE, strong, honest woman wants work
by the day: carpet sweeping and .flannel
tvaphing, specialty; $1 25 day; car fare for
calling. 174 Fourth at., room 10. one flight.
AN elderly woman desires position to cook for
I small family or as adult nurse; no washing.
Please call at 140 Seventh Et., room B.
TRAINED nurse desires the care of sick cr
invalid person; t&rms reasonable. Box 24S6
Call offlce. ¦
SWEDE woman wants work by day; will do
housework and washing. 159^3 Clara st.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister at.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. t
EMP_OYMJ_XT U'AATEIl — 11ALK.
YOUNG man. Industrious and capable, expe-
rienced stenographer, wishing to better him-
self, desires a position where there is oppor-
tunity for advancement; please state salary.
Box 1707, Call ofilce.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish coachman, private fam-
ily; thorough horseman and driver; very best
city and personal references. A R., 832
Mission fit.
RELIABLE German, middle-aged, single, tem-
perate, wants situation as watchman; ref-
erences, bonds. Box 1704, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper desires a position;
local reference. Box 1710, Call offlce.
A GERMAN, middle a^ed and slnele. wishes
a situation in srocery store- and barroom;
first-class references. W. BOHLING. 417
I Kearny st.
j CAN you use in your business an active, thor-
ough, reliable experienced business man?
I pood manager; good ad writer. If so ad-
; dress W. D. BEERS. 723 Market st.
YOUNG man would like situation as inter-
preter, speaking German, French. Italian,
Spanish and English. Box 24bo. Call.
MAN would like a situation as night or day
watchman; sober and honest; can furnish
b?st of references. O. A.. 9 Alaska Bt.
STRONG young man wants poriUon as helper
in blacksmith machine or boiler fchop; city
or country. Box 2487, Call.
MAN would tike situation as watchman or any
light work: will furnish bonds If necessary.
Box 2468, Call.
BAKER — Good, all-around man: wants posi-
tion in country. Box 41 3D, Call offlce.
A YOUNG Japanese boy wishes a position as
school boy. A. B. C. tel. Green 250; 315A
Mason st.
A JAPANESE boy wants a position, work
'Jiours 10 a. m. to 5 or night. ITO, 315A
Mason st., room 1. t
JAPANESE b>y wants good position to do
housework. 300 Clement st.
FIRST-CLA&S Chinese cook wants position In
f.-.mily or flret-clasa hotel. 366 Ninth at...
Oakland.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions tiaa been established . at 1090
• Valencia et.
FLATS TO LET.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list;
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department: It will save you tlm# and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-25V Geary
st.. on the square.
'_
AN elegant 6-room flat, nearly new; half block
frcm Market *>t. 3943 Seventeenth St. j
Is'W. CORNER Mission and 25th — Modern up
to date sunny flat. G rooms and .bath.
NOE. 15.1, north of Market — Sunny S-room bay-
window corner fiat, 6 rooms, bath.
UPPER flat to let: 4 rooms and bath; rent $1S;
water free. 336'$ Tehama Bt.
A NEW sunny flat, with the very latest Im-
provements. 1665 Grove st.
BE. CORNER Page and Lyon— Middle flat. 8
rooms, bath: rent reasonable.
TO let — Flat of four rooms; 1S87 O'Farrell.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st.
FLATS FOR SALE. ,
A BARGAIN— $4250: CORNER LOT, 2 FLATS;
LOT 25x114; 184 CLIPPER ST. SEB
OWNER ON PREMISES.
FLATS FOlt SALE Kt'KMSHED.
VERY sunny upper flat, furnished; piano; 7
rooms and bath; convenient several car lines;
overlooking Golden Gate Park. 2(50 Carl st.;
phone I'ate 150.
FOUR rooms to let: furniture for eale. 013
Battery Bt.
FUHMTLRK WAKTBD. """
A. WOLLPEKT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4482.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
A. L. STORRS pays highest cash prices furnl-
ture. carpets, etc.; tel. Larkin 3631. C34 Ellis.
HELP WANTED KE3IALE. "
AT^rir^LtN^iETr^^oTrrTrrT^r^rant ¦ iss!
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
2(K) waitresses, city and country.: $20-$25
10 chambermaids, city and country $20
Shirt ironer and starcher, country.. $12 week
Ccok. plain boarding-house , $;jo
Head waitress, commercial hotel $;;o
Head waitress, near city
.Waitress, scuth, San Luis Obispo.. $25
Cook and wife, institution.. . .\ . I ',sd5
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Cooks, house girls, eecond girls. . nurse glrl«
city and country, best of wages paid; woman
with a child to take care of invalid, $12
C. It. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
A— LAUNDRESS, institution. $30J woman
tame place, for cleaning, $25; two chamber-
maids. ?20; waitress, $25; housegirl ' $35-
cook. Sausal'.to. $35; housekeeper. $20- '4 sec-
ond girls. $25; 3 cooks. $30. MRS.' NOR-
TON. 313 Sutter at.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn hairdresslng
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions Jo fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed af $10 per week iip; leading school in •
West. ',233 Geary Bt.. room 13.
A— LADIES,, learn all branches halrdresalng.
trade; manicuring, maasage etc. ; 1236 Mar-
ket «t.. cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages;. day and eve. class; call.',
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both reasons taught from start to finish in one
month for $10; positions as trimmers sales-
ladles, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per week up-
day and evening claes. i« Stockton «., r. 13.
L0! !T AXP f FCP3 ~ — Continued.
LOST— A pass book with th« HibernTa Sav^
Ings and Loan Society of San Francisco la
the name of HENRY WIC.aiNTON or EL-
LEN WIGGINTON. Xo. 253-440. The tinder
will please return to bank.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Callforn!%
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutfr st.. needs olj
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MEDICAL.
MKS. DR. WYETH. eoeciallst for ali femaia
complaints; instant relief guaranteed; :;o
years' experience; removed to S2t> Post »t.
UK?. Dil. KOHL, reliable specialist for all f»-
mal* troubles and trresul ail ties; Instant re-
lief guarantee— lOOff-j Market *t.. opt>. 3th.
DR. o. \v. O'DONNELL — AS who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on femala
complaints : poeitively corrected ; the unfor-
tunate helped; the nvst difficult cases treat*
ed; advice free. Offlce. 101 S M«qrkst st.
MKS. D. ALLEN. Ills Market — Hellable ladloa*
specialist; a private home befor* an 1 during
confinement: best medical care: low fees.
DR. ROSKN moved to 20U5 Folsom St.. ccr.
28th; relief $10: ladies' exclusive office.
Drs Goodwin. 73a Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, female cemp. :25 yrs.experlcncg.
UR. and ilKS. UAV1KS acil HINDOO U£KB<»;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market «C
DR. NG TOY KEE. SIS Powell at., opposir*
Union sqnar*: all diseases cured hv herb-
_ Sll_J_l>i£**Y.
Ladies" Imported — tailored hats Just In; ciu:
prices low to start them going: framt* mad*
to fit the face. MME. DOSCH. 20? Post st.
31 1 s CELLAXEOM3 FOR sAJLR -
_OES YOCK ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elatertte; in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting cr coat ire; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles: best for how roofs.
ELATEKITE ROOFINQ CO.. 713 Market »t.
COLLECTION of sheila, butterflies (foreign) and
bird eggs and other curioa from all parts. of
the world for sale. Apply at 2406 Suttor st.
A— Fine suits, $7 50; dress pants ?2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny st..
near Eush: open to 0 P. m. Sunday to noon.
A — $3 6O DERBY and fedora, hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Pric* Hatters, 330 Kearny »t.. near
Pine: open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WH1TELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
HOWARD. — For sale. $173. 7 well fur-
nished rooms. 4 of which are rented and pay
the rent of house; no dealers.
NEWSPAPER route for sale; fine chance for
the right man. Address N. A. LARSEN,
1715 Pacific ave.. Alameda.
SECOND machinery, boilers, engines, pump*,
wood and iron working machinery, bought,
sold and rented. H.S.WHITE.13M_ Beale.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-fcrm shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charge*. 11 3d at.. Exam, bldg.: catalog free
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. MsIN-
TOSH _ WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont st.
FOR sale — Stock of* hardware and WelsbacS
supplies. 505 Castro at.
FOR sale — Fln« steam automobile, in perfect
order. 520 Lyon st.
A FINE 4%-carat perfect white diamond at a
bargain. 10 Sixth »f
A JULES JURGENSEX 5-mlnute repeating
watch; very reasonable. 10 Sixth it.
ONE second-hand whitewashing machine at
ROBERTS. 1615 Market st.
PAIR 3-karat diamond earrin«-s at a bargain.
IO Sixth «t.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns. cal». rental;
bargains. Bullard _ Breck. 131 Pest st.
MILES of rlre and fttinjt*: all stz-s. EU-
GENE R1LEY & SONS. 109 Vallejn St.
MOVING picture film and sons slUlea. 109
Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and -eccnd-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 1C2 Market st.
All bargains ;ramp stools and chairs. hr»mm<vk.».
, m>-tal beds.mattresses.J.F.Hotter.'lii Mission.
Edison phonographs, records. «uppiie3. moving
picture machines, film?. Bacigalupi. 3-13 Mitt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles arl launch-s,
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 40 Fremont st.
SAFES — New and second-band. "THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-4:n Sacrim«nto nt.
ASK for prices on second-hand type— ri?»r«: all
makes. ALEXANDER £ CO.. 110 Montg'v.
MIgCEI.I.AXEOl'S WACT.«.
WANTED — At the Central Theater, 7 whr*
babies and one colored bah-, about n month*
old for the production of "Whose Baby Ar»
j You?'' Apply, with babies, ft stage <>r\-
! trance. 10 o'clock Friday mormns. S-p-
; tcmber 5.
Til .TON wants srood yecoTid-Mnnd clothing ar.i
theatrical goods. %M Oth at. : tel. Jessie 2S51.
A BIO price pa',.1 for seaisVns: s»r;d postal.
25 Stockton St.; rhene Bmh **i.
~~ MOyET TO LO.V*.
AAA— H_RMAN"MURPTTYT
«C1 -i:trj;-r.O3 Examiner building.
Quick settlements: no disappointment.
.Save pxrenaf* fcv dealing directly.
E?tat»a. second mortgages, undivided tnter-
ests assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
t»re«ts in property purchased.
Courteous tr»ntmtr.t. Strictly confidential.
WheTi You Need Money
S"9 HERMAN MURPHY.
i HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal a-lvance» on diamonds, jewelry, a^
lowest rs.tea. Faldwin Jewelry Stcr* >. S44
Market st. : tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chant?, teamsters, boarding-hcuses. without
security; easy payments; lare^st business in
4G principal citlea. Tolman. SJS Parrett blig.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or p!ano;no removal;
no commiFslon: no. publicity; $25 up: quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery St.. r. "•
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 10.1 Orant av»..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
AT cut rates on real estate, furniture, or piano;
no commission. E \V. LICK. 1003 Mutual
Sav. Bk. bid.. 70S Market: phone Main 818.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salari-d
people on their not*.
THE TOU3LET CO 143 Phelan Bldg.
MONEY to loan on low Interest: gold, silver,
diamonds pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J.' HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
MONEY leaned to salaried employes. O. "tv*.
MILLER, room 74. fifth floor. Chronicle bld0.
ZTo ON furniture & ptanoa; $15 up: no removal;
V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy at., floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 533 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of "Wyoming loans money t<»
salaried employes. R.311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes withorar
indorser. MORRELL. 60D Examiner bid*.
MtSlCAL IXSTRraEXTS.
A-#'OU will not have to pay for special sals
advertising on these bargains. Uprights:
Ccllard. $;7; Sherman _ Hyde. $117; Ftlsher.
$9.'>; Singer, almost new. $163; 2 Stelnways.
gocd condition, large and small size, $lto.
$:_r>: Chlckering. $S5. $15l>: :t Heine, second-
hand. $10?: slightly use.1, $237. $3«5: 1 Heine
baby grand, J725; Krell. slightly used, dark
mahogany. $295. New bargains: Mason &.
Hamlin upright. $2S5; Behr Bros., mahogany.
$247: Conovpr. $2&>. Piano players slightly
used from $SO up. Planoa rented. Si up.
apply on purchase. Installments. $4 up.
Ca.sh discount If pnlrt in two years. HEINE
PIANO CO. 235-237 Geary St.: largest ex-
clusive piano houie of the W>st; agents for
the Gabler, Krell, Sieger. Heine. Singer, etc.
A' SMALL walnut Emerscn upright, absolute!?
like new. 3135. 237 Geary st.
6TE1NWAY upright. left ty private D_rtrT
$1P5: a great bargain. 237 Geary st.
I A CHANCE to get a good piano for a email
¦um and then exchange for a better one by
and by is what we offer you.
Our payments are easy and the quality of
the. instruments all right. Some as low as
$50. THE ZENO MAUVAI3 MUSIC CO..
7B9 Market at.
THE greatest opportunity ever offered In Saa
Francisco to get a gocd reliabU" pUao cheap.
Before our removal we will sacrifice any in-
strument for ca»h or installments. Call or
write for prices and terras at once, KOHLER
_ CHASE,- Established 1850. 30 O'Farrell.
A FEW upright bargains "from $70 up. cotcpria-
tr.c such makas as Chlcfctsrtns. Jacobsoa.
\cse. Sterling. Knabe. Flcch-r. Schwechten.
v. eser. Scnuraan and others : easy pay.ment_
fSSiSW* S SOX - ltt O-Fartin «.: m
branches In San Francisco.
B On?x)l?fi rU T mei l tS: P- Besson. Paris, maker.
_____pS«SSs^«
' - - HELP W ANTED — MALE— Con.
•'" • ¦ „„„ _, MURRAY & READY.
fi34-e36 Clay st. Phone Main 5S43,
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
19C2 WE GAVE 1903 WE'LL GIVE
45.000 WEN WORK. eO.OOO MEN WORK.
TO-DAY WE SHIP FREE TO
NEVADA. ARIZONA.
OREGON. LOS ANGELES.
HAWAIIAN ISLANDS, WILL.1TS UKIAH,
AND ALL POINTS. S. P. and Santa Fe.
NORTH. EAST and SOUTH.
RAILROAD HELP of every description, in-
cluding drillers, hammer and corner men,
muckers, laborers, teamsters, blacksmiths,
cooks and waiters, S5, ?4, $3, $2 day.
MUItRAY _ READY. ta-l-CSO Clay st.
come] —
865 laborers, teamster*, city and country
jobs. $2, $2 50 and $3 day. All classes of
work. Come, see.
155 Italians. $2 25 day.
You board yourselves. Steady Job*.
26 laborers, free fare. 14 miles away. $42
and found.
155 coal miners, free fare, $3 to $5 day.
168 laborers, teamsters, Willlts, Uklah, free
fare, $67 50.
Do You Know — Free Fare^ —
On every train we ship to S. P. O>.*« o— n
work on all divisions, laborers, extra gang*.
also section hands. •
PIAMOND MATCH COMPANT.
186 teamsters and ax men. $75.
197 laborers and drillers, $75.
156 track layers, ballast track. $67 SO.
Cost you only $1; no discount; steady job.
MIKES, TUNNELS, QUARRIES.
155 laborers, you'll suit. $60. $75. found.
80 miners and timbermen. $90 found.
ISO quarrymen, also drillers, $82 to $90.
98 carmen, furnace men, $75.
STABLES. FARMS. DAIRIES. HARVEST.
19« farm, orchard, vineyard hands, $30 to
S45 found.
S8 milkers, butter-makers. ?S0. $35. J4O found.
3 5(5 harvest hands, hay balers, $2 SO. S3 day.
6S choremen, coachmen, gardeners, $30 to $50
and found. — -
16 stablemen, city and country, $30 to $45 fd.
86 men for brick yards, $35 to $S0 found.
MARRIED HELP WANTED.
12 men and wivee. farms, orchards, mines,
mills, $40 to $70 and found.
MURRAY _ READY.
, ' 634 and 636 Clay st
TCHERE ARE THEY ?
86 lumber trusts ana syndicates.
Located In Four States.
Managers here. • Two Territories.
FREE — FARE — FREE.
C05 laborers, no experience wanted, $35 to $70
and found.
1-SS experienced mill and yard men. $40 to
$150 and found. •
SS3 woodchoppers. $40 to J150 found.
3S<J woodchoppers. tlcmakers, shingle, post,
picket and box bolt makers; tools and pro-
visions found
BIG L MURRAY & READY,
TRUSTS. ________________
A— COOKS— BIG PAY.
COOKS. BIG PAY. COOKS. COOK9.
, 2B cooks for harvest and fruit ranches, hay
presses, etc.. $70. S6O, $30. $40. $30 found:
very few men to cook for; no women there.
4 cooks for different mines. $70. $65, $50, $40
found. «¦
46 cook*, hotels, restaurants, cafes, saloons,
etc.. $70 to $40 found.
WAITERS.
K2 waiters, different places, including cafes.
Krills. $45 to $30 found.
6 bell and elevator boys, city and country
positions. $15 to $30 found.
9 porters and bedmakers. city and country
positions, $45 to $20 found.
KB dishwashers etc. city and all parts of
California. $40 to $25 found.
18 boys to learn trades and work in factories.
- $6 to $12 week.
COOK. NEVADA. $50; FARE PAID.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
EXCEPTIONAL GOOD MINE.
15 laborers, no experience wanted, $67 50.
MURRAY & READY. 634-C36 Clay st.
ITALIANS— FREE FARE — ITALIANS.
30 laborers. Humboldt Co., lumber co. ; man.
ager at our offlce; ?."5 to $50 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay st.
„_„ _________ __
4 carpenters for vineyard and wine CO., $40
and found.
4 carpenters, lumber co. : fare $3; $75 found.
4 carpenters; all same work; 50c fare; plain
work; $3 to $3 50.
25 carpenters; big R. R. job: $00.
CARPENTERS AND HELPERS; FARE $3.
12 carpenters, plain work, $!H>.
16 laborers to help them and do other work,
$67 50; steady, good Jobs for Americans.
WATER. ELECTRIC POWER SYNDICATE.
MURRAY & READY, t34-U3tt Clay st.
ARE YOU GOING FRUIT PICKING TO-DAY
OR TO-MORROW? 2t>6 men wanted; any-
body can do the work; a man or boy who
can eat fruit can pick fruit.
$1 FEE. $1 Fare.
FRUIT $30 found. FRUIT
PICKING $30 found. PICKING
TO-DAY $30 found. TO-DAY
Some to work about packing and dry houses;
you can have a good vacation. Go. come
back with $90 to S120. We ship NORTH.
EAST. SOUTH: also man? to the great
MURRAY & READY. 634-C36 Clay st.
SPECIAL BY TELEGRAPH
MIDNIGHT BY PHONE & LETTER
15 ranch teamsters, different Jobs, $32 to ?40
and found.
Second slaughter-house butcher, ranch, $50
TUOLUMNE COUNTY— FARE PAID.
39 laborers. flr?t-elass lumber company, $60
ARIZONA— TO-NIGHT.
EUREKA— HUMBOLDT— FARE PAID.
32 laborers, big. good Lumber Co., $CO to $75.
SONOMA COUX4TY.
28 laborers, fare paid, b!g Lumber Co.. $30
to $>>0 fonnd.
EL DORADO COUNTY— FARE PAJD.
16 more laborers, big Lumber Trust, $42 fd.
RESERVOIR WORK.
25 laborers and teamsters, fare $1 50; $67 50.
FREE FARE.
STi carpenters, all plain work; only few tools,
$!)0.
I Ifi laborers or carpenter's helpers, no tools,
f«0.
<i8 track men, new work. $67 50.
2 tank coopers, winery, $.1 50 day.
ft young men distribute bills. $1 _5. $1 50 day.
Foreman track gang. J4 day, country.
Foreman track gang. $3 day, city.
10 men for dry yards, packing houses r north.
$32 50 an'd found.
2C lumber pilers. SANTA CRUZ CO.. $60.
«• laborers, surface- work, gold mine, south-
east, $R7 W>. /
Tnllyman and lumber srrftder. $3 day.
. BEST PLACES. MURRAY & READY,
BlirGEST WAGES. 634-636 Clay ft.
JOURNEYMEN barbers, take notice — Labor
day parade all members must b« at our hall
H2 O'Farrell st.; at 8:30 a. m. All must
be present or fine will be enforced. By or-
der of the union. JOSEPH R^ BLEILY. Sec.
WANTED — Experienced silk salesman for re-
tall dry goods house to take charge of de-
partment; good salary: city references re-
quired. Address M. R. & CO.. box 170C.
Call offlce.
BARBER shop proprietors who have their in-
terests at heart will attend mass meeting
of barbers to be held Sunday, September 6,
at 102 O'Farrell st. . 4<,k-;
; TItY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 60 per,ralr; foot-form shoes at $2 50. or
i orthoped Id shoes, $3 50; best shoes on earth. 11
Third St.. Exam, bldg., 5 doors from Market.
WANTED^ — Young men and youths as helpers
in stock room. Apply Superintendent's Of-
flce. The Emporium.
GOOD, strong boy wanted. $1 ' a day. Apply
Box Department, Mutual Label and Lltho
Co., Second and Bryant sts.
GENTS' furnishing scooda assistant; must be
acquainted with hats; state salary, experl-
ence and reference. Box 4141. Call ofHce.
BARBER shop for sale; neatest little shop in
the city: price $230; 2 living rooms; rent $1S.
Apply 473 Hayes et.
FIRST-CLASS barber at 415 Market st.
BARBER Tvanted for Saturday and Sunday at
¦ 132 Pacific st.; wages $6. »
BARBER for Saturday noon and Sunday at
42S Broadway.
FIRST-CLASS barber for Saturday and Sun-
day. 505 Fourteenth St.. Oakland.
YOUNG butcher and boy wanted to drive
wagon. 1019 Fillmore st.
DISHWASHER wanted. New Age Restaurant,
21 Mission st.
MAN to riean windows and woodwork by the
day or week. S37A Mission at.
EECOND waiter wanted at the Park Hotel,
26 Turk st.
WANTED — Dishwasher. 8 Hayes' st.
1 BARBER shop for sale cheap; 5 chairs; good
thing. 751 Mission st., near Third.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; special offer this month: catalogue
and full information mailed free.' MOLEIt
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers.
Apply room 14; 2U Montgomery at., San
I Francisco Construction Company.
WANTED — Clothing salesmen. Apply S. N
WOOD & CO.. 740 Market at.
WANTED— Feeder; steady job and good wages
STUETZEfr & CO.. 109 California, printers.
BARBER shop for sale; 3 chairs; steady; rent
$12. Inquire at Call ofilce.
WANTED— An honest, responsible man: bteady
position; $100; security req. 65 3d. room 1.
'• COLORED bootblack wanted < In barber shop:
wages paid. 1513 Devisadero at. •
FOR sale — Nice barber shop, cheap rent: price
$55. Box 24S3 Call office. v .
wanted— Man . to ' wash dlshei. 212 O'Far"
I relist. -
HELP WANTED — FEMALE — Con.
WANTED— Cook for children, $40; cook, 8a\
Kaphael, 535, no wash, eee lady office 10^
o'clock: cock, San Mateo, $35, no wash; cook
Sausalito. $30, no wash, pee lady offlce, 10
o'clock; o cooks, city. $30 and $33: 2 maids
and scamstreeses, $25; 15 second girls. $25
and $30; 4 nurss girl?. $15-$25; cook and tec-
ond girl, same house, $3O-$25; laundress for
home. $25. private family: S3 chambermaids
and waiting, city and country. $20-$25; house-
work. Marines, ?35; parlor maid, Menlo,
StfO. and others too many to advertise. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter Bt.
MIDDLE-AGED women to sew buttons' on
shirts by hand: steady work. LEV!
STRAUSS _ CO.. .'<«V» Fremont st.; ta_« ele-
vator; see Mr. Henshaw.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
and canning; steady work; highest ' wages.
Apply California Canned** Co.. Braanan
•t., between Third and Fourth.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY-
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS _ CO.'S i
FACTORIES. 3214 FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
¦WOMEN* and girls to work on fruit; steady
employment; day and piece work; highest
wages. CODE-POimVOOD CANNING CO
Bryant and Tenth.
EXTRA saleslady for first-class bakery good
pay; no fee. Apply 0 a. m. to 12 m.. Restau- !
rant Keepers' Association, C Eddy st.', rm. 46. |
NURSE girl to take care of child in hotel;
sleep .home. AoDly Hotel Cecil, Bush st. !
near Jones, room 0.
"WILLING girl for general hcusework; wages
$17 50. 1429 Post st. j
WANTED— Young girl to assist in light house-
work. 403G Nineteenth st., near Castro.
BRIGHT woman to travel for wholesale house
Box 1700. Call office.
GIRLS about 15 years to work on gloves;
wages to start. Carson Glove Co., 123 Second.
APPRENTICE at Mme. . Lichau's dressmaking '
parlors; paid while learning. 455 Geary st.
¦WOMAN to asrist In housework, children $15
210 Fair Oaks *t.. near 23d and Guerrero.
WAITRESS wanted. Capitol Restaurant 206
McAllister st.. above Hyde.
W'OMAN cook for restaurant; $35; call early.
129 Eddy ft.
RANCH cook wanted: $25: no objections to
small child. Box 1714, Call.
YOUNG woman for general housework; refer-
crces. Call 35_ Nineteenth st.
GIRL for general housework In small sunny
flat. 2500 Howard et.
EXPERIENCED and inexperienced bright
salesladies; also stock girl. The Gamossi,
101 Post Bt.
WANTED— Pants finisher or girl wli<> can
sew; good wages. 415 Montgomery st.,
room 11. top floor.
WANTED— F!n!?her 8 and quick sewtrs. Ap^
_Ply_N. SIMINOFF. 122S Market sf.
WANTED — First-class flnlaher on pants; steady
work. 104 Kearny st.
COMPETENT cook for institution. 2314 Sut-
ter st.
WANTED— A girl for light second work. CaFl I
22P3 Franklin st.
BRIGHT, energetic woman to canvass and
take orders for Cof-farin. a delicious and
nourishing cereal coffee; awarded gold medal
by California State Exposition; salary and
commission. Cof-farin Co., 400 Jackson sU
A GIRL for cooking and housework; small
family; wages $25. Apply 224 Sutter St.. In-
strument store.
GIRLS — About 15, for factory work: good
?¦***¦: a *>r>Iy at once. AMES _ HARRIS,
100 Sacramento st.
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
to travel. Apply Girls' Directory Central
ave. and Waller st.
YOUNG girl for light housework. 1303 Golden
Gate ave.
WANTED— 2 ladles to travel with Rlnglings"
j, chow; must be stout. Box 2430. Call.
TAILORESS as pants finisher and apprentice.
054 Kearny et., room 17. top" floor.
LADY agents on salary. Call 9 to 3. offlcs 09.
Columbian building. 316 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlc« for Call advertisements and
etilwcrlptions ha* been established at 1096
Valencia »t.
Hfc^M* A VTEP--.MAI.E.
AT CALIF^R^JA^MPLOYMENT AGENCY.
5D Sd st., nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
NEVADA. FREE FARE. NEVADA.
200 laborers. Southern Pacific's own work,
new Job, $2 a day, $1S board.
We ship every day. Free fare, i '
EUREKA, HUMBOLDT COUNTY. .
FARE ADVANCED.
10 lumber pliers, $35 and board.
10 laborers, ?35 and board.
ShlD by steamer Corona.
SAWMILL AND WOODS MEN.
2 timber fellers, $00 and board.
3 barkers, $50 and board.
2 crosscutters. $50 and board.
2 lookouts, $40 and board.
2 ¦ waterbucks. $40 and board.
OREGON.
10 coal miners for Oregon, 6-foot vein; fare
advanced; ship Thursday and Friday.
CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 53 Third.
ALL-ROUND laundryman. $40 and found:
captain for scow, $60 and found; furnace
man, $G7 50; 2 farmers and wives, small
Places, $40 and found;. 3 milkers, $35 and
$40 t and found; fruit pickers. $125 and
found: boys for factory and store, $5, $8
and $7 50 week: assistant gardener. $25 and i
found: jobbing blacksmith. $3 day; miners,
$3 a day; laborers, $2 to $2 50 .lay. woods-
man, $40 and found, fare paid; and many
others. J. jr. CROSETT _ CO.. 628 Sac-
ramento st.
JOHN ERICKSON. cook, please call; cook and
wife, private family. $50 to $60 and found:
night cook, $12 week; cook for 16 men, $40
( and found: restaurant -third cook, $50; 2
hotel waiters, country, $30 and found; dish-
washers and others. J. F. CROSETT, & CO.,
02S Sacramento st. , . . .
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 20 Montgomery r. 12.
3 waiters. $U0; fry cook. $50.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 W) pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mall chgs. 11 Third st.. Exam. bid.
"WANT.KD — Ni-at. .bright cash boys. Apply
Superintendent's Offlce. The Emporium.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker to work inside. 1103
Market st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 3083
Twenty-fourth st. '
WANTED— A man on a chicken ranch. 18
Montsamery ave. K$&_31 *
BOY about 16 years; references. Carson Glove
Co,. 123 Second st. *
LODGIXG-UOUSKS FOR SALE.
, 100 ROOMS; hou*e for m*n; rent S140 $i000
58 rooms; south of Market: rant $100.. 2000
24 rooms; corner: p:»rt cash; bai. easy. S50
Jl rooms; r«> .<1 income; rent $20 :no
21 rooms; water front: rent $40; lease.. fiRO
15M rooms, good ka*e; low rent C300
r>7 rms.; apartments; Western Ai5d.;rcnt, 250
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouyes. flats. 0 tt> 100 room?.
E1TEL * CARROLL, 21'J Keemy st.
CLOSE _ CO.. 1CO7V4 Market at., room 1, have
several mortgacetl rooming-l.ouses which
must be sold immediately; call and examine
our large free list; all offers considered.
; SPIRITUAL^-.
CONVENTION' — California State Spiritualists'
Association Friday. Saturday and Sunday,
Sept. 4. 0 and 0: Ked Men's bldg.r 320 Post.
THOMAS OUELL-VtE; special Ufa readings
25c: absolutely free unless correct; full
names given. 84 Sixth st.. rooms 10 and 12.
ARRIVED — PROF. FRED P. EVANS, the fa-
mous psychic; tta,mp for circular. 1112 Eddy
St., near Octavla.
DR. COLLINS, clairvoyant traace medium;
read, daily; circle to-night. 8. 1(M'J Market.
MRS. HARLAND'S clrcl? to-night. Sat.. Sun.,
10c; readings dally. 5Cc-Jl. 1 t__ SI iE_'-_l:
MRS. ELIZABETH HOLMES, trance medium.
&17 Mr A Ulster; readings dally; circle to-night.
A— ETHEL 'ciUNDLE. materialiitng seance,
Wed.. Fri. ancVSuni eves., 60c. 1115 Post st.
KATIE HEUSSMAN. circle Friday evening.
j _>c; sittings. 1000 Harrison St.. cor. Sixth.
MRS. J. J. V.'HITNEY, trance clairvoyant, !
business medium and life reader. 410 Turk. 1
EDWARD EARLE, 1052 Ellis, readings daily,
{»:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
CL.UKVOYAXTS.
ATTEXTJON— 11 $1 *T~*i! $1 $1 5L
My Regular $3 Reading This Week, for
(1 SI $1 SI *1 Jl II
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE,
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
PalmiEt Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge If 1 fall to tell your
name, occupation and what you called for; I
promise to tell you whether husband, wife or ;
sweetheart is true or false; tell you whom
end when you will marry; in fact. I will tell
you every hope, fear or ambition better than
you can tel!; I lmnrove your character eo
that you will reach 'the highest possible de-
velopment In mental vigor, health, happi-
ness and capacity to earn wealth; so yuu
vrill live happy and contented the rest of
ycur life: medltuna developed; hours 10 a. m.
to S p. m. ; Sundays 2 to S. 326 O'Farrell
*t.— 320.
! MME. M. BERNARD THE FAMOUS
' Clairvoyant and business medium, penna- 1
mntly located at 17 Third et.. next Examiner
tldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
j occur in the future; If you are in trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied in life, or have do-
mestic, l'ive or business troubles, consult this
gieat medium and you will be told how to j
overcome them; valuable advice in all affairs
'< of life; U5c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
ings by mail. Tel. Black 4EC9.
I ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
et.. cor. Turk; private readings daily, 10 a.
m. to ft p. m.; readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as in person; C. questions answered, 51;
full life. 55; send lock of hair, date and year
ot birth; tJon't send currency. Send pestofflce,
WciU-Fargo money crder or registered letter.
A— MME. POJtTER. scientific clairvoyant and
cp.rd reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight; tells the past, present and future;
ladic*. 50c; gents, (1 ; by cards, palmistry
p.nd clairvoyant fitting; $1 f.O. 126 Turk et
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clalr. and palm.;
has second sight: a wonderful prophetess;
Klves names: L. 50c-. O. fl: Z questions by
mail. $2;hrs. 10 to 3. 714 Franklin. nr.G.G. ave.
j Mrs. A. H. Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant,
icard rpader. will give a good reading, 10c. for
a short time only; when others fall try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grov«?.
j A — Mme. Ravenna read? life, business advice;
j names given; 25c up. 5 4th St.. near Market.
OLDEST lady palm'.st and card reader In city.
26' a Kearny. room 20: Iadie3 25c. gents 50c.
MRS. SJIAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: slt-
tings daily. 44SH Jessie St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
CAUPET 1 IIEATIXG A>"D CLEAXING.
I AIR, compressed, dry. Ice cold, is now unlver- (
j sally UFed In sanitarily cleaning carpets, on I
• floor, without removal or injury- : prices mod-
: erate. Arrly S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
I CLEANING CO.. Call big.: phone Main M37. 1
I WHEN you become- disgusted With your work
I send for SPAI.'LDING'S Pioneer Carpet-bent-
i ing Works. 355-057 Tehama gt.; tel. South 40.
i CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co., J. McQueen,
i proprietor. 3^3 Guerrero st.; tel. Mission 49.
TRY HOPKE BROii.; excellent carp?t-b<»atinK:
mattresses made over. 1432 Howard ;!?outh 216
ADVANCE Carpet Clearing Co., 402 Sutter st ;
! tel. Main 394. GEO. V. ALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH _ CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison fU; tel. Mission 203.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpct-beatinp Works,
£53 Golden Gate a ve. ;- telephone East 120.
COLLECTION OFFICES. I
BANGHART~&~VVEYER^ ™ ~S~
Collectors.
No. 1170 Market st. Room 37.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 0-10; tel. 5580.
COTTAGES TO LET. ~~~~
COTTAGE to let; 4 rooms, bath and cellar;
rent |20. 27B9 Howard st.
$26 — fl-ROOM cottage to let; key at Park
House. Z3u4 Fulton St.
JBEXTISTS^ ~ ~
! DR. LUDLCM HILL, 1443 MarkVt/'nrTileventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per get; extracting. 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. : crown. $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plate*. $5: full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Pailors, 235 K:'arny, cor. Hush —
Set teeth. &0 up: crowns, fi up; filllnKs.SSc.
GOLD fillings. 75c: silver. 39e; crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O. B.Hewitt. 204 Sutter.
j 10 PER CENT off this month; estimates free.
New York rxntist*. flbT* Mission St.. cor. 6th.
DJRBSSMAKBn S_.1S DJs E A M STRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Milllnery^hool
— Any pattern cut 'to measure. 101'J Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & Jtnlfe plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
DYEING AND CLEAMAG.
SEA breezrs sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc., done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Wotks. S915 Sacramento; phone
for wagon. TVeat 453. II. HICKMAN. pres.
EDUCATIONAL. ~
A. — CALDWELL College of Oratory, Acting
Opera and Authorship; largest in the West;
14 teachers; positions guaranteed; fail term
begins Sept. 7: day and evening class; beauti-
- f ul new catalogue free. 1295 Market, cor. Uth.
HEALD-S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing
language*, telegraphy. English branches;
day and night sessions, illus. catalogue free.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 123c"Mar-
ket; modern, progressive, practical; estab-
lished 15 years. Grecg shorthand, fastest,
easiest, most readable. Actual business
bookkeeping; typewriter at home free.
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket st.; special summer course in all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life echolar-
fhlp. fr>0; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkin st.
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; individual ln-
ttructlon. YVr^te for Illustrated catalogue. " '
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk st .
between Pine and California: both adult and
children'^ classes are now open for the season.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrlcity.24 Post
«.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete, equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, min. mech.. sur-
vey, afcsay, cyanide; day. eve; cst. 1S61. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SYSTEM, discipline and results; the Golden
Gate Commercial College. Van Ness and Gol-
den Gate aves.. S. F.; fills every requirement.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonia Hall, Howard
gt.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
PIANO and German; pupil of Lelpeic Conser-
vatory; lessons 75c and $1. 34« Golden Gate.
GUITAR accompaniment taught. C04A Turk
street. V
AT Klugsland Art Shop — Drawing, painting
and burnt work. 11S4 Ha'ght et.. near Lyon.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PAKTINGTON 'S. 424 Pine st...:Night class.
LESSONS given In Water Color or Oil Palnt-
ings from Nature. CURRIER. 372 Sutter st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing
etc.; day or eve.: ?5 mo. 1024 Mietilon.nr.6th.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr.lOth.
PHtman shorthand, typing, bookkrg., SS mo.
• BIT
HELP WAXTffiP-— MALE—Con.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
KiO Sacramento St.. 520.
Phone Main 1191. Cor. Leldesdcrff st.
Steamer sails to-morrow a. m. to ASTOIUA,
OREGON*. ASTORIA, near PORTLAND.
25 laborers, |37 fd.
25 rockmen. *5& fd.
Company work: no strike; n-> discount: fe«
$1; very cheap fare; fee $1. We are the only
i office that ships.
FREE FARE, FEE $1, to the following
Jobs: WILLITS, UKIAH ROUTE, to CAS-
PAR, to bis tunnel near city, to the S. P.
R. R. Co.'a own work and to the Oregon
coal mines.
5 mlllwrightf, large lumber company north.
call to-day, long Job; 3 carpenters, long Job,
?S2 50 fd.. fare only $1 75.
Fruit-pickers, see boas here, north, fee 11.
cheap fare; 25 men and boys pick fruit,
work In dry yards, etc.. $1 15 day and M.
FREE FARE. NEAR CITY. FEL $1.
15 laborers. $2; 20 trackmen. 52 25 day;
track foreman, private R. R., big wages;
cook, city, $50; cook, sawmill, south.
BUTTE CO.. CHICO — HALF FAPJO — Fee SI-
CO teamsters, laborers and rockmen. $87 5O
to $75.
Diamond Matcb Co.'s own work
Butte Co. R. R.— Chico— Hair fare— Fee JL
60 laborers, track men, ballast, iron men and
eplkers, $2 to $2 50 day; 20 woodchoppers
for locomotive's nse, $1 10 tier, no discount:
20 miners, all over, $75 to $90: 300 muckers
and laborers. $60 to $75: 10 drillers. $75.
Steamer sails to Caspar to-day.
60 teamsters, laborers, tunn«lmen, {2 to
(2 75 day. free fare, fee $1.
JfP _______
ITALIANS— HUMBOLDT CO.— Free Fare.
25 Italians, crtvate railroad, woods, large
eawmill comoeny, free fare. $35 found.
MISCELLANEOUS.
300 men, laborers, lumber pliers, crosscut
sawyer», mll!men and woods, for large saw-
mill* in Humboldt. Tuolumne, Mendpcino and
Shasta counties; 4 Italians, clear land, ranch,
fare paid, $1 75 day. board yourselves: bed-
maker, city, $30 room; blacksmith, country
shop. $2 60 day.
COAL MINEK3— OREGON— FREE FARE.
6 coal miners, $1 ton; big money here.
100 fruit-oickera. Santa Clara Co., $2ti fd. ;
waiter, new first-class hotel, north, free
fart. *35 found: cooks, waiters and dish,
washers, etc. Men, we have 600 other joba
not advertised. Call and read our bulletin
boards; also get a fres list of Jobs at PA-
CIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 020 Sac-
ramento 8t. '
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
51 60 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50: w« pay
express or mall chgs. 11 Third St.. Exam, bid.
WANTED— Young man who Is a flrat-class
Mlk and dress goods salesman; one willing
to go a short distance from the city. Apply
between » and 11 a. m. at HALE BR03.'
WAXTEO-A first-class dell\-ery bill clerk.
Apply between » and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.*
WANTED— Four or five bright boys, about 18
years old, living at home, with good refer-
ences, to enter a large wholesale house for
the purpose of learning the business: salary.
515 per month to begin with. Reply by let-
ter in own handwriting, giving references.
Box 2400, Call offlce.
WANTED— For the U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men. between 21 and S3;
good character; must speak, read and wrife
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
in all parts of the world, on land in our Isl-
and possessions, and at r.aval stations In the
United States. Apply at recruiting offlce 40
Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal. ; 222^4 N. Main
St.. Lea Angeles, Cal., and 401 K St.. Sacra-
mento, Cal. •
WANTED — Educated young man to learn our
business and take responsible position when
o.ualift?d; $'jOO per year: first-class references
required. Stoddard Lectures, 210 Examiner
building. .
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to . know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno Hou^e proprietor, has
added 10O new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
COATMAKER for country. REISS BROS _
CO.. 24 Sutter Bt.
STEADY, active boy fcr wholesale house; state
age and experience. Box 243S. Call office.
MAN to do Janitor work frfr tuition In S. F.
Barber School, 741A Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S, 2C Steuart st.
PENSION atty. E. A. B-j1!!s. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 35c night: reading rooms;
free 'bua and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10DG
Valencia street.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET ycur shoe* half soled while waltlr.r; 25c
to SOc. EC:? Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts. •
HOHSES A>O 1VAGUXS.
DARK bay gelding, black points (pacer) 7
years old. 16-1 hands high, fast and gentle;
sire, Prince Nutwood; dam. Bellwood.
Eclipse Stable. 1375 Eddy st.
SECOND-HAND wire wheel buggy an-i Joj
cart, Victoria, Brewstcr coupe, surrey, phae-
ton, tandem cart, cheap. O'BRIEN'S, cor-
ner Polk st. and Golden Gate ave.
ON account of going to build, entire stock of
wagocs. buggies and harness must be sold at
sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valencia sts. •
FOR sal* — Handsome trap; cheap. Box l^So.
<"«ill office.
FINE horse, harness and bugjry for sale, cheap,
li'jj FoUom »t.,- horsethoeir.g shop.
FOR sale — Doctor's Stanhope phaeton; as coed
as new. At ROBERTS'. 1615 Market st.
S GOOD h<v?»<» for sale ch*ap. :C7 Sixth st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagoa
and gcctirt for wale cheap. K.12 Mission »t.
IIOCSKS TO tET. 1
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cV-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN _ CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list:
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordea Furniture Co.. 245 23» Geary
at., on the square. . *
BEFORE movlncr get our printed ll*t of houses
to l»t. R ALT 1 WIN * H^WKLL. 25 P.ist >t.
HOUSES TO LET — KERKISUGO.
A WELL furnished house, piano, S rooms; very
sunny: fine location: 1375 Masonic ave. Apply
MADISON &. BURKE. 30 Montgomery st.
WELL furnished house, eleven rooms, bath,
gas and electricity; nr. university and car
lines. 2163 Dwlght way. Berkeley.
ELEGANTLY furnished hoJise, 10 rooms. 2
baths; sunny, large garden: grand view.
41» Oak st.
ARK, furnished complete: sale or rent. Apply
01 >> Market *t.. room 70. .-.„-;
houses rem sale — berkelev. f
6-ROOM furnished house for sale cheap. Apply I
Call branch offlce. 300 Hayes st.
HOUSES FOIt SALE. ~~
FOlt sale — To be removed. 2 houses 1217 and
1219 Sutter st. Apply to MR. SHEDDEN
manager St. Dunstan's.
LOST AAD FOUND, ~
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Saving*
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the I
nam* of ROSE THERESE PFITZEPv No
Bank S7 " Th ° find£r WiU Pkasc rctu ™' t( »
$20— LOST, on the-7:SO P . m. narrow gauge
train. August 13. suit case containing wear-
ing appall on d mining deeds. Return The
?»nT £2T KENT. Twelfth-st. salQO^ ra o^:
land, and get rcwardj_no_nucstl ona asked. I
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings i
and Loan Society of San . Kra noisco In thl
name of CATHERINE DROWN No A
1328. The finder will please_return to Ba7k"
LOST-Bunch 8 or 10 keys, corner Pine and
Montgomery str.: *2 reward. Return to *?u
Montgomery st.^wypeCOURCY. I
LOST— On Oak or ScoTTst.. smTll double cIZ,
silver watch; monogram F. I H f-ont lS^t
back. Reward on return to \SOG Oa k !'? 180a
. LOST— A purse containing $72 and _»~M,i
• medal awarded to Cof-farin c£. fw th* S«
cereal coffee by the California State Exposi-
tion. A liberal reward will be paid for^hl
ffS, 0 .'. themed - "» Co^farT^Co!: £0
LOST— Sunday. Aug. 30. on McAllister st
RUSS *%7 W Frc£ Oa 1 * tU(1 - *«urn ' to R r!
_uSl «ward rcnt 8t - : D ° qU " tlon « --»*
via West lerkele?- 8 agCnt - Cort >'° 'taUon.
REWARD tewtmtf dre» ,uit case «. rM
\.^fey«* t _sg_^ajsg
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, comer Market and Third streets; open
tntil 12 o'clock every night in th« year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
."W) Hsyes stret-t; open until 9:30 p. m.
C» McAlllMer street; open until 9:S0 p. m.
CIS Larkm street; oren until 9:30 p. ro.
_*l Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
:_61 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until » p. in.
100 Eleventh street: open until » p. m.
J0W5 Valencia strett; open until 9 p. n.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. xn.
>.'orthwet t corr.er of Twenty-second and Ken-
tuc'*y streets; open until 9 p. ra. •
2200 rillir.cre street; open until 9 p. m.
CHLIICH Si:il\ ICES.
REV. E. A. ROSS at Peniel Hall. Pine and
K»arny. Sept. 6-20. both inclusive, at S p. m.
At 4*« Third st. Sundays, 6-13-20 at 2 p. ro.
3IEETIXG XOTICES.
CALIFORNIA* Commandery No. 1. K- _
T.-Resulir assembly THIS EVEN- Y&if
ING at 7:.~0 o'clock. Order of Red jfS
Cross. AH frater? courteously invited. Vw
THOMAS H. BROWNE Commander. v
T U HENDERSON. Recorder.
TACtF 1 "-" Lndge No. 136. F. a_d A. «
M.. _«.«•-.'.'- Temple — Stated meeting > V^r*
THIS EVE-VINO. S o'clock. /VS
SEOBCB PENLINGTON. Sec '
PAN FRANCISCO Lo«se No. 3. 1. ->•*_¦._,
0 O F — V pub'.e Initiation THIS jJ-rSm'i-
1 FRIDAY) EVENING, S*rt*:r.-' : i|£<5|£*l
A. STEINMETZ. N. G.
J. ~". E. ALLEK, Rec. Sec.
APOLLO Lodge No. 123 I o! .•«--_,
'"> F.— First ic?re- THIS (FRI- i^afififiS-
DAT) NIGHT. Srrt^.ler 4. Me-**Ss6i«
mortal Hall. Visitor? cordially j
invited. H. B DOWN1E N. G.
*V. F. NORCROSg. Rec. Sec. *
SAN FRANCISCO Ter.t No. _<5S?55___.
>. K. O. T. M.— Review /^_^*%,
THIS .FRIDATI EVEN- ffT^^TT^^
ING. at S o'clock. Pioneer fy^J $?. «"«
Hall. 21 Fourth st. _^j/A\\S*l
D. B. RICHARDS. X&CE&aifzU7
Record Kecj-r. '
To tht officers rfSd memb-rs of the ywa I
niggers' and Stevtdores' Ublon A* <4-*tJPtf
eoclattoa Local _I2, I. L. M. & T. A.— You ]
are hereby notified to attend a special meet- j
inp of thie association, to b* held at cur i
ball. t"C3 Front «t.. TO-NIGHT < FRIDAY I, I
September 4. at 7:30 o'clock sharp. Bust- '
Ti"fs in connection r.-Uh the Labor day pa- j
ra<ie will come before the association. By j
crder of
THOMAS F. BRYANT President. i
HENRY JEND. Kec. Sec.
r.EGllLAR meotlnir of the Cale- " «-y
'ionlan Oub THIS EVENING at >i,V' ;
« o'clock. Scottish Hall 117 Lar- ViXfes? i
kin et. !
A. M. MACPHERSON. Chief.
JAS. H. DUNCAN. Secretary. j
A - EEK'S r.ews for 5 rente — The Weekly Call.
10 pa»re«. in wrarrw. for mailing. SI per year.
AG_M> IV ACTED.
AUENTS wanted in every town to fell Cof-
:arlTi. the beet cereal coffee on the market;
euarded gold medal by California State Ex-
I-ctiticn; exceptional opportunity for bright,
energetic parties w .th cinall capital to estab-
lish a profitable but'.r.ets; exclusive territory.
Cof-farin Co.. <00 Jackson et.
EXCELLENT cp^orrunity is offered to a maa.
of character and ability, who can sell flrst-
.jiars Go\*rr.ment bonds for monthly install-
ment* without risk; good commission: people
"ho »peak different languages preferred,
nialto building, rooms 4C5-407. i
ATTOH.AEVS-AT-LAW. j
ADVICE FREE. ESTABLISHED 22 YEARs! I
Pi\-crc«« a sneclaity. Private. Culck. ;
NO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL. i
O. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY AT LAW, i
1122 Market St., offices 1, 2, S, 4 and £
BEWARE OF FRAUDS.
Any one can ad\-ert!sp. but unless the adver-
tisement says "Attorney at Law" the party
advertising Is not a lawyer; don't be fooled.
ADVICE FREE
COLUMBIAN LAW AGENCY
Rtn. W>. 916 Market; tel. P.cd CIS: bad ten- f
ar.ts tjected e;^cdily and reasonably; collec- j
t-ons attended to; attachments; corporations |
civil and criminal practice. j
ROBT. W. KING, atty-at'law. Examiner bid. I
rm. fill; ail casee. damages, estates, wills, I
attachment?, collections, etc.; consultation!
free; no advance charges; call or write; even-'f
by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE fret^ — I will advance cost In meritori-
ous case-F. divorces, probate and all other law !
t«?es no fe»s in aevsnee; open every even-
ir.jc. J. M. THURSTON. 613 Market Ft., r. 31.
GEO. W. AVERILL— Advice given in all cases i
Room 4C5. fourth flocr, Parrott building. >
L. P. CLAKK, Emma Spreck«l« bldg.. 027 Mar.
k~t fct.: conf-ultation free; no fees in advance.
AITKEN & AITKEN. attorney* r« 309-10-11
Ciur.te bl.lg.. .VC Cnliforr.ia st.; tr\. Main 72"'
ADVICE free: all cases; cpen evenings. M.
L. Ill AN. b5<t Market St.. cor. Stockton.
niU— <S, DOGS. ETC.
YOUNG talkie* parrcts.$5 each;German eingir.e
canarjff. $2; we «_J try to please you; ev«nr.
thing in our line at right prices. 1546 Market.
Iil."l.\Kss C11AACES.
UESTAURA NT on' FourttTat! illl^'««_
Kfhtaurant; fine transient trade ... ""* r>5<i
Restaurant and bakery ;SJ
( 'i«*r etoret, 7. from $100 to ;.*" poo
<«neral merchandise store in country!! 6OT.O I
.-t«ticn*r}- fend notion store So j
S™noner> and variety store; a bargain 32O :
Notion etore and branch baicerj'. ... 5TK) !
rartnfr in works, country sno '
Fw good, rellablr business bargains tee
J^ILFORD_j^I£A^RJSON__3J-ai-lor Vt.
RESTAURANT; $250; must be Bold" at once-
receipts aversr- $2O daily; sickness cause of
>«le. -ILFOHU _ HARRISON. 3 Taylor ft.
F , R ~«*rJw" lltllr *' C * rpetB MJ « oo<1 w »> of
a new brick ar^rtment house of 175 rooms
2 25 clty ' s swtlI «t locality; partly f^r!
« flT 1 ' a . r . d ' * llhou * h 3"»t opened. Is h£ t
filled with regular tenants already; | O ne
lease: if you want an apartment house dont
j^.^cSi'ff.asi?" ot thu at rooma im -
C °^T n '^Sins-house. 60 roomi, and every
cne big and sunny; downtown location- a new
reuse, nictly furnished; only opened a short
time, yet already on a paying basis; every-
thing modern— electric HKht, steam heat
«tc.. long lease; a good legitimate investment-
offered for what Ife worth— not a cent less'
bu' Cl CCnt niort ' App!y fooms 1404-14C3. Cali
* 4^~ and home bakery- the
bf«t bargain ever ofl-crcd; raw bl'told-
__°^ r ,, h " °* hcr busin «s: receipts average
FOR eale-ln a large town 60 miles from citT
arst-class caj,dy etore. factory. Ice cream
P_rtan: complete ice cream plwit- mu«? S
m rw£'*t AprAy A - c - BO-D-S-iN^'ca!
ERANCH b»krry. laundry offlce. cigars sta"
ticnery. r.otlont, fcr sale at less than Invoice
price; good paying ttand. 1007^ Mk°,ra.l! I
ACTIVE, reliable partner for fine paying office
bufin**.: good income a«urcl; $225 cash £
quired; splendid chance. 10071; Mark?t7rm.T
1^ 71 in bulcher shop A e7-
tabiijhed 10 years; grand chanc* for awod
___^j>Jbje. man. Boa > > «g._Call office '
KESTAI-RANT; {.WO: ircfipts average $l-»5
P'r day; elabcrale fixtures; 2 year/ i4 S e
cause of Ea i P . Bo X 1T0^ Ca]1
WANTKD— A third partner fcr well payinz
restaurant: flOOO: only party with ret P n£5
apply; leai^. Address |oi 171.',. Call oftlce.
l7 FoUrm"f W ' Ck ° n!> ' bU>S 1Un ° h h0Usr ' 7<J «
FOR 8 A LF— Neat restaurant. 5 living rooms
cath register. $i:50; only th^s, meaningbS?:
___*?_. n<!<:d answer - Bo^ 2434. Call offlceT
BAKERY; Cne location In Kto~Vlrt_: good
hakei will do well. Adiires, DAN Me-
j ':C_AUGH. Rio Vista, Cal.
PHOTO studio In city: I5.0U0 good-paying ner-
attvec; other interests demand my attention-
no time for trlflers. Box 24OJ. Call. ' '
IFOR eale or rent— Fully equipped, modern,
paying hoanlui In Southern California city
_Adgres« P. Q. box «57. Saa Bernardino.
BOARDING-HOUSE; K rooms all filled- good
bufelntms. McAllister at. '
FOR sale— Printing offlce and material Jn lots
to gult. <20 Montgomery gt.. room 33.
11200-OTSTER and chop house: great bargain;
cheap rent; clears tlSQ. 55 3d ti. room 1.
FOR BALE: — An inside route on this paper.
For particular* apply at oftlce.
* 1 * n • tor ' trft<3 «: W * «»*:
price tlTOO; bo agents. 71S McAllister at.
CHIROPODISTS. ~—
BVXLAP FOOT INSTiTLTE. SO Geary— AH
_.l_rnu of the <eet cured; corni, bunlons.etc
If such a thing could ever be
That pig could drive as her© you eee.
And go to town with stuff to sell,
No doubt he'd do it very well.
Of course, he'd know, would this -wise pi?.
Where he could purchase bargains bic-
In this fair State 'tis known to all
The best stores', ads ar© in th© Call. I
The reason why is mentioned here—
We srlve results, so it's not queer
That day by day ad columns grow,
Because it pays the merchants know.SWEDISH SINGING SOCIETY PICNIC—
The Swedish Singing Society of San Francisco
will hold its annual Bellman festival and
moonlight picnic next Sunday.
Would Probate Actor's Estate.
OAKLAND. Sept. 3.-Public Adminis
trator George Gray to-day applied for
letters of administration on the estate of
the late Carl St. Aubyn, former manager
of the Amelia Blngham company, who
died at St. Margaret's Hospital last week.
The estate is said to consist of a claim
against Amelia Bingham for wages un
der a contract.
Suit for divorce was begun to-day by
Theresa Bright against John F. Bright
on the ground of extreme cruelty.
Fiest also denies all the allegations
made by his wife of cruelty, and charges
her with having: threatened his life with
knife and pistol. Instead of her being
given a divorce, he asks that he be
granted the decree and the custody of the
child. '
Fiest says that he went to Reno for the
child, • but It had been brought back to
California. He searched the towns about
the bay and finally located It In Watson
ville and recovered It. For these reasons
he alleges that his wife should not be
given custody of the child, as he says she
will seil it.
The story of the deserted Flest baby,
alleged to have been' sold by an Alameda
woman for $S3 and only recovered after
months ot search in Reno, Oakland. San
Francisco and finally "Watsonville. has
been incorporated in a cross-complaint
filed to-day by Judge R. B. Tappan aa
attorney for Clay H. Flest In an effort to
resist the petition of Ida Flest for a di
vorce on the ground of cruelty.
. Flest states in his complaint' that his
wife .first deserted their, 22-months-old
babe by leaving It In a basket In front of
the Golden Gate Foundling Asylum. In
San Francisco. Two days later she was
forced to receive It back again. A few
months afterward she gave the child to a
Mrs. Emily Funke. keeper of a hospital
In Alameda. who. It in alleged, sold the
child for |S5 to a Reno woman.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
ma Broadway, Sept. 3.
Says His Wife Persistently
Tried to Get Bid of
Their Baby.
Clay H. Piest Piles Cross
Complaint in Suit
for Divorce.
RECITES STORY
OF INHUMANITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1903.
Charles Kollmar (owner) with Oeorge Wolf
enden (contractor), architect owner — All ¦ work
for a two-story frame building (store and flat)
cn.S line of Clement street; 70 W of Third
avenue. W 25 by S 100; ?1200.
Builders' Contracts.
HATT.ARDS, Sept. 3.— A. S. Jones has
resigned as a member of the Board of
Town Trustees, giving press of private
business as the cause.
Trustee Jones Resigns.
POINT RICHMOND, Sept. 3.— Prank
Earle. a bartender for Thomas McMahon,
rifled the till at the saloon to-day and dis
appeared with $25. Earle is supposed to
have fled toward Sacramento.
Bartender Filches Coin.
BROOKLYN. Sept. 3.— Up to the sixth In
ning the game was well played, but three er
rorii by the locals In that Inning let New York
score six runs. Attendance. 4875. Score:
R. H. E.
New York 6 9 1
Brooklyn 0 6 3
Battertos — McGlnnity and Warner; Jones and
Rltter. Umpire— O' Day.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 3. — The locals won
the first game of to-day's double-header with
Boston and were shut out In the second. At
tendance. 2206.. Scores:
First game— R. H. E.
Philadelphia 4 10 4
Boston 1 6 3
Batteries — Sparks and Dooln; Willis and Mo.
ran..
Second r»nie — R. H. E.
Philadelphia 0 5 3
Boston 2 C 3
Batteries — McFettrldge and Roth; Williams
and Moran. Umpires — Hurst and Moran.
PITTSBURG. 8ept. 3. — The game was full
of good plays and fast throughout. Plttsburg
bunched hits In the sixth and seventh and
won out. Attendance. 2700. Score:
R. H. E.
Plttsburgr • •¦• 6 13 » o
Cincinnati 3 S 0
Batteries — Doheny and Phelps; Ewlng and
Peltz. Umpire — Johnstone.
CHICAGO. Sept. 3. — The locals were unable
to hit either of the BL Loutt pitchers. Their
errors wefe costly 'and the visitors won eas
ily. Attendance. 1400. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 2 7 4
St. Louis 5 S 2
• Batteries — Taylor and Kilns; Brown, Hack
ett and O'Nell. Umpire — Emslle.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
Julia D. and E. Deplessls Beylard to Na
than and Ida Ooldblatt. lot on NW line of
Howard street 30 NE of Buss. NE 23 by NW
100; $10.
Mary E. Verleger and Alice C. Ball to An
drew M. Wilson, lot on NW comer of Penn
sylvania and Seventeenth (Santa Clara) streets.
W 74 NE 103 to point on SW line of Seventh.
4<v.."i-i W of Pennsylvania. SE along Seventh
40:5. 1-12. S 69:4%: $1O.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Slgmund
and Fannie Regensburger. lot on E line of
Second avenue, 273 S of A street. S 25 by
E 120: $10.
J. Frank and Marea. "Walters to W. W.
Thayer, lot on E line of Forty-second avenua.
100 N of I street. N CO by E 120; $10.
. City Realty Company to ,W. L. Williamson.
lot on W line Of Fifth avenue. 145 S of H
street, S 50. W 95. N 25. W 25. N 25. E 120;
$10.
Estate of David L. Farnsworth (by Fannie
P. Fsrnsworth. executrix) to William P. Todd
lot 17. block C. Sunset Heights; $1000. '
¦ Fannie P.- Farnsworth to same. same, quit
claim deed; $1.
William P. and Alice F. Todd to Anna L.
Price, lot on E line of Lotta street 275 S of
Parnassus. S 25 by E 101, lot 17. block C,
same; $10.
John J. McEwen to William L. Williamson,
lots 289 and 291. Gift Map 2; $10.
Julia and Jobn Canning to Matilda Olsen,
lot on SE line of Buena Vista street. lot 667,
Gift Map 3; $275.
Thomas and Frances I. Hodge to Philip L.
and Fredericka Meon lot on SE line of Ar
lington street. 238 SW of Roanoke. SW 60,
SE 117. E 50:6. NW 118. lots 40 and 41. Jones
Addition to Falnnount: $10.
Henry J. Lansing to Mehetabel L. Lansing,
lot on S line of Silver Terrace, being SW. 602:4
E of San Bruno. W 73:2. SE 465:4, N 72%
degree.*. E 78:1; NW 433. lot 3. Winkle Piece
Silver Terrace; girt.
George Stlerlen to John Engelhart, lot on N
line of Jersey street. Sl:3 W of Diamond street.
W 25 by N 02; $2000.
Ferdinand E. and Minna Hesthal to Beverly
MacMonagle, lot on SE corner of Geary and
William streets. E 53 by S 87:6: $10.
Catherine Conway to Mary E. Conway, lot on
N line of Sacramento street. 137:6 E of Leaven
worth street. E 20 by N 70: also lot on S line
of Pacific street. 206:6 E of Leavenworth street.
E 23 by S 137 :C; gift.
James J. and Catherine A. Lynch to Cov-
Ington Prlnifle. lot on S line of Turk etreef.
62:6 E of Hyde. E 23 by S 87:6; $10.
Henry J. Lansing to Mehetabel L. Lansing,
lot on S line of Twenty-fourth street. 118 E of
Florida street. E 32. S 132. W 160, N 7. E
90, N 25, E 28. N 100: gift.
Christian M. and Olga Hansen to Rdblnson
Nugent lot on E line of Dolores street. 31 S of
Twenty-second street, S 30 by 117:6; $10.
Burnham & Marsh Company to Mary Fo
garty, lot on N line of McAllister street. 32:6
E of Central avenue. K 25 by N 77:5; $10.
Ketherlne Snyder to William F. Snyder, lot
on W line of Walnut street, 52:8^4 N of Sac
ramento street, N 25 by W S2; $10. •
Capital Investment Company to Leonard W.
Storroi, lot on S line of Clay street. 176:2 E
of First avenue, E 18:11 by S 127:8%: $3000.
Grace J. Miller, wife of H. M. A., to Flora
D. Jones, lot on N line of Page street. 122:8 W
of Webster street. E 27:6 by N 273; $1.
Katherlne Snyder to William F. Snyder. lot
on N line of Sacramento street. 29:8 E of
Pierce street, E 26 by N 103; $10.
Thomas B. Lynch to John Sroufe. lot on
SW corner of Devlsadero and Grove streets,
8 34:6 by W 110; $10.
Peter J. Van Winkle to Magdalena Van "Win
kle, lot on W line of Baker street. 62:6 N of
Fulton Btreet. N 23 by W toi:10'i; also lot
on SW corner of Waller and Pierce streets.
W 71 by S M block 3 Marlon tract; gift.
Mary E. Nelson to Charles J. Behlow, lot on
S line of Eddy street. 112:6 E of Franklin, E
GO by S 120; $10.
Frank E. and Julia P. Baker to Richard
Flaherty, lot on N line of Geary street. 102:11
E of Laguna street, E 51 :S by N 120; $10.
Flora D. Jones to Grace J. Miller, wife of
H. M. A., lot on N line of Page street. 122:6
W of Webster street. W 27:6. N 137:0. V 30,
N 137:6. E S7:6. S 273; $10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Detroit 0 3 1
Cleveland 1 2 0
Batterles-^-Mullln and Buelow; Stovall and v
Bemls.
BOSTON. Sept. 3. — An error by Monte Cross
gave Boston to-day's game in the twelfth in
ning. The game abounded In spectacular
plays. Young pitched great ball toward the
finish. Attendance. 6779. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston 6 13 4
Philadelphia 5 7 3
Batteries — Young and Crlger; Henley and
Schreck. :.•-'¦>
CHICAGO Sept. 3. — A base on balls, a two
base hit and an error In the first half of the
ninth inning gave St. Louis one run, which
was enough to win to-day's contest. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago * 0 3 1
St. Loul 16 2
Batteries— Flaherty and Sullivan; Schour
and Sugden.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 3. — New York's hits
were made at the proper time to-day and per
mitted them to win. Score:
R. H. E.
Washington 1 « 2
New York 3 8 0
Batteries — Wilson and Drill; Tannchlll and
McCauIey. ___
DETROIT. Sept. 3. — Cleveland won the best
played game of the season here 'to-day. Both
Ktovall. the California recruit, and Mullin
were so effective that neither team eeored for
ten Innings. In the eleventh Brady's single
and steal, followed by Hlckman's hit. sent In
the lonely tally. Attendance, 185S. Score:
R. H. E.
New York's Hits Are Made at an
Opportune Time and Washing
ton Is Defeated.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
ERROR BY MONTE CROSS
GIVES BOSTON THE GAME
Mrs. Williams had secured a flask of
medicine to use in deadening the pain of
an aching tooth and in trying to find it
in the dark got hold of a bottle contain
ing wood alcohol. Immediately after tak
ing it she was seized with severe cramp
ing pains and sent for Dr. Hill, who ad
ministered emetics, and after consider
able" hard work pronounced the patient
out of danger.
OAKLAND. Sept. 3.-Mrs. AJ Williams,
wife of the janitor of the courthouse,
took what she supposed was a dose of
medicine last night, but in the dark she
secured tha wrong: bottle and swallowed
a draught of "wood alcohol, and had it
not been for the prompt arrival of Dr.
Robert Hill fatal results might have fol
lowed the mistake.
Confusion of Bottles in the. Dark
Nearly Costs Mrs. Williams
Her Life.
WOMAN TAKES A DOSE
OP POISON BY MISTAKE
OAKLAND, Sept. 3.— A stout shoe sole
is all that saved John Goons, a stevedore
at Long wharf, from being dashed to
death yesterday afternoon, after he had
been hauled aloft, head downward, by be
ing caught in the jaws of a coal bucket.
Goons was loading coal into the heavy
iron buckets in the hold of a collier. Hla
right foot caught in the open jaws of an
empty bucket, and the hoisting machinery
started it out of the hold. As the bucket
raised the jaws automatically closed, car
rying the trapped coal heaver into mid
air, where he dangled In sight of scores
of workmen. The heavy shoe held to
gether, however, until the bucket and the
prisoner were safely lowered. Goons was
wrenched and bruised, but escaped seri
ous injury.
Longshoreman, Caught in the Jaws
of a Hoisting Bucket, Has
Perilous Experience.
DRAGGED INTO MIDAIR
BY SOLE OF HIS SHOE
After a while taxpayers will come to un
derstand this and will ; organize the city and
county of Alameda, taking in all of the county
north and west of frultvale .avenue. Each
of the cities, of course, will retain its name,
but each will be part of a consolidated city
and county. We must all work for this end.
because if we can succeed in establishing a
city and county government and then continue
the present rate of taxation we will have
about $400,000 per annum to expend on school
houses, etc. Or. putting it in a different way,
we are paying now in these three cities about
$400,000 per annum that could be saved by a
consolidated city and county government. If
we should not desire to save that money but
continue the same tax rate after the consoli
dation it would give us about $400,000 per an
num more to expend for. schoolhouses. streets,
parks and other publlo improvements. Re
spectfully. WARREN OLNEY, Mayor.
Replying, Mayor Olney has written:
The people' of Berkeley, Alameda and Oak
land will, after a while, get tired of paying
at least 05 cents on the $100 more taxes than
they would have to pay if united in a city and
county government. The city and county of
San Francisco is what is called a consolidated
city and county, and haa one set of office™.
with the result that the taxation in that city
Is $1 61 on the $100. The people of the three
cities on this side of the bay are paying $2 51
on the $100 because they want to keep up in
dependent city governments and a county gov
ernment. _¦¦'.¦ -.'
William O'Neill, 2108 Ashby avenue,
Berkeley, has asked Mayor Olney for In
formation aa to the legal methods to be
employed in petitions for annexation. In
his letter O'Neill writes:
Berkeley Is at present divided Into sections
and factions on- account of tha Southern Pa
cific railroad freight yards. It would be tha
Fourth, Fifth, Sixth and Seventh wards
a&uln.st the First, Second and Third wards..
The people here are talking about getting up
annexatlcn clubs.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept. 3.
Second round — Grant Smith beat W. B Col
lier. 6-2. 6-2. 6-4: Bell beat Harry Rolfe, 6-4.
6-3. 6-3; Percy Murdock beat A. C. Way. 2-6.
6-3 6-1 (withdrew); R. N. Whitney beat Har
ry 'Routh, 6-0. 6-2. 6-3.
"With the poorer players out of the ten
nis tournament the matches In men's sin
gles at; San Rafael yesterday proved In
teresting and exciting. Play was finished
down to the semi-final round. ;- %
Of the twenty-six who entered the tour
nament but four are left to j contend for
the right to meet Champion Freeman
next Wednesday. The four successful
players were Alfonso Bell, chamdon of
Southern California; Grant Smith, cham
pion of California; R. N. Whitney, ex
champion of the coast in doubles, and
Percy Murdock of Alameda.
The best match, of the day was that
between Drummond MacGavln and Al
fonso Bell. In the first two sets Bell
won quite handily. In the third set Mac-
Gavin, by brilliant driving, pulled out
the set from 4-5, wlnnlng|7-5. The fourth
and final set went MaqGavln's way at
the start and at 3-2 and vantage he looked
to have a chance to *ven up the score.
Bell took the next four fames and match.
Bell plays a little better In the back court
than last year, but otherwise plays al
most the sama game. He Is a wonder
at the net and his head work Is excellent.
The other match of the first round was
won by Percy Murdock, who beat Archer
Way, the only other southerner entered.
Way played a splendid game in the first
set, but could not keep It up, and the
next two went to Murdock rather easily.
The match between Grant Smith and
William B. Collier was not as close as
was expected. Smith Is playing a much
stronger game than heretofore and it was
evident after the first game or two that
Collier stood but little chance. The win
ner forced matters throughout the match
and the outcome was never in doubt.
Smith's peculiar service worked to per
fection.
•R. N. Whitney beat Harry Rolfe in a
one-sided match.
The semi-finals of the men's singles and
the women's doubles will be played to
day. In the morning R. N. Whitney and
Percy Murdock, the survivors In the lower
half, will meet at 10:30 o'clock. These
men are evenly matched and are both
playing fine tennis. In the afternoon A.
E. Bell and Grant Smith will meet. This
will probably be, the best match of the
tournament. Smith and Bell are great
net players, but comparatively weak in
the back court. It will be a fight for
the net from the start. Bell Is the only
man from the south left in the tourna
ment.
* Six teams entered the women's doubles
and drew as follows:
Preliminary round — Miss Miriam Edward*
and Miss Hazel Hotchklss vs. Miss Gabriel
Dobbins and Mies Florence Sutton : Mrs. Sey
mour and Mips Seymour vs. Miss Bessie Val
leeu and Miss Emma Hunter.
First round — Byes. Missea Violet and May
Sutton; lower half. Misses Ratcliffe.
The matches played yesterday resulted
as follows:
First round — A. E. Bell beat J. D. Mac-
Gavln. 6-2. 6-4. 5-7. 6-3.
But_ One Representative of
the South Remains in
Gives Figures in Reply to
Inquiries From a Ber
keley Resident.
Tennis Tourney Reaches
. an Interesting
Point.
Mayor Olney Declares
Enormous Saving
Can Be Made.
FAVORS A UNION
OF THREE CITIES
FOUR PLAYERS
IN THE LISTS
13
.• arrsiCAt, itfSTniTBiEvrs— con.
!l r * rialr< ' r - 2 Latham place.
riA *O3 AND~OnGA\S^
7 So.°^oSS^LF^ r^ Tecona - halld
° I #£f Now
.1 FTEINWAY & SONS- *
• Jiotewood case, large elre. 7 1-3
.octaves, beautiful tone, in excel-
lent condition «-~« .,-.
.Z.A..-H. CHASE— *'~ 5 ?3 '°
¦ Mahogany case. largT?st Else full
_rscfr.*-:ng rnunc rack, three pedals
. wry latest etyle. cannot be told
tjssn a new piano Ksa dnn
. VJ : STEIN W AY & SONS- M ° 4 °°
; .Walnut case, small tire, 7 1-3
¦octaves, nearly new, beautiful
.. t-jr.e-. in fine condition 625 473
; 1- STEIXWAT & SONS— *' 3
• ' ilafcosany caw. larpe elre. latest
' v >y lf g "> octaves, cannot be told
• from new 7 , 0 „_
.! ( A. B. CHASE GRANT>- °
;• Manopany case, in perfect condl-
: f 5&S&5"& lh /*e months 800 B73
ST ££. V l. A^ & SONS BABY
ORAND —
. nt>onized c£L*e. Jn use a very
fjort time and equal to new...*.. £50 750
: «£££ l^e fr r o u nT& ,o°yyisi KSS
urrd parlor orpans from S20 to * l!>0
Complete liFt furnish*--! on application at
./uiretore. RHERMAN. CLAY & CO
r " ri 'Ti<:T K.-wmy an.l Sutter g'ts.
.jjOf^lCKS^AJW^^TmiirKsXO LEX.
.••.- : OFFICES AND ROOMS TO RENT
. AT REASONABLE RATES. *
.": . " KENT ?1O TCi $^5 PER MONTH.
rm-RTri st.. nt.ah market
• .• APPLY ON THE PREMISES
ROOM «. Nn. c; 14 Fourth Street.
, • _ Between a and 10.
-rj.!;T °f> score; mttatte fcr electrician and
; li.KsTr-tr. C-42 l\ »!!fr et.
# ' ', LOFTS TO LET.
.C rr to lease— C56 Mission et.. NW. corner
of Annie: lUrht loft of 4000 square feef pas-
- M-r.per and freight elevator service: will leaa*
- <<: r.a bBrm; rent reasonable. EHAINWALD.
•-•IICKHEE & CO.. 21S-220 Montgomery «t..
" ; PERSONALS.
»: .FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
¦' v. rit-klet, jeilow and nabliy ekln, birthmarks
.*-.•«:'.;< x putings tnd ecars scientifically re-
rsb«'Al without cutting, massage, electricity or
• .-tedioinet; epeclal demonstrations this week.
; TCall ;r write DR. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
:-ij:CIAL— rReduced lor the month only, home
•• treatment that you can use at" your own
h me, removing wrinkles, tan. freckles, leav-
, ' _r^ t-kln clear and smooth: to be had only at
¦::.> oriice. Call or write M. ELLA HAUIUS.
;TM OFarrell et.
TliE ttar Hair Ilc-mi-dy restores gray hair, Im-
• pro*** Its growth ;£tcpe filling ;cures dandru3
. tr.a Itching stalj/; no etaln or stickiness;
< l'-ance* *ca!p;at druggists', hairdressers' ;ac-
cept no substitute. Star lttmcdyCo..3i>itJeai-y.
SvT hew cheap, but hew good, is the motto of
.' «he rianufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
•. Mandard. the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
.. -¦•Y.- EVANS, ager.t. 1021 Market st.
U.-fi"YSlClAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
.ri-^nently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
• Central pharmacy. 251 Grant avo..
.-c-rner Sutter tt.; fee moderate.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday and
.: Sunday evenir.es at Teutoma Hall. Howard
J"-«V. near. Ninth ; management Prof. Foster.
AT' less than ccst. uncalled for suits, overcoats
.»r.d trousers, at CHAKLES LYONS'. London
•. frailer. '21 Market et-
?;iiE' highest price raid fcr ladies" cr gents'
" : :tst-cff clothing and all articles cf value at
• '.WEINDERG'S. 114A Ellis Et.
JILEGANT 6Uits on ea^y lnsti'-iments; 50 cents
end up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
. ket rt.. between Seventh and Eighth. .
HMEDRESSXXG In all tranches taught; $5 fcr
. ! wc-fks. t'p-to-Date Hairdressing Parlor*.
1<£8 Market et.. room 1, upstiirs.
VlfTLER: Trust to me. I'll help you.
• Wire me your address. JOHN.
*:Kis. RUMPLE will be pleasej to meet old and
sew friends at her millinery parlors. 221 Geary
.ftlJL style* halrdretsine. 25c: hair roods; mani-
.cunrg. 25c. G. LEDEKER. 123 Stockton St.
TAILOR-MADE tuit $7 Us; dress pants $2 5«.
• Misfit Clothfnir Parlor, cor. Bush and DuponU
fcl'PFRFLrouS hair and moles removed by
. Wectr.c needle. Dr.&Mr8.Traverca.ll70 Market
.K'gQl'ERADE co* turne*. play books, wlp*
.-•ccvintry orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
"ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores #rrar
• r.£:r to its natural color: SI: at ell druggists'.
fc'uperfluo'j* hair and moles removed with elec-
.' tr'c n<>«ilp. Mrs. & Mips Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
X LITER'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
15 pagef. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
•-. • PALMISTRY.
UME.' pEVAS— Kc:er.tinc palmist and astrolo-
/::*t. I'aJm readings fi. Hours 10 to 12 and
• -I" to S and Tuesday evenings. 133 Post St.
fi SEBOMB FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 513
.•Taylcr *t.. near Geary- Phr.r.n Black 561.
f t^PEKHAXGIXG. «*AI.\TI.\G. ETC.
itOOSS papered. $3 50 up; tinting, painting.
¦ ir*rtrr.ar.n Paint Co.. 3ia 3d gt. :tel.Main 413.
rUYMClAAS AAU fL'OttEOSS.
aJ&.'C. C. ODONNELL — Office and residence.
.-K21 \i Market Ft., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
HUjOD. > r. -.. and rectal diseases a specialty,
l-rll. BALL. HC3% Market tt.
'iiEj&GVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor:
• .treats *H diseases cf the human body: fcr
• -pftEt four years at 115-117 Maecn; now lu-
ra.ted -at Ce" Geary st., near Leavenworth.
DR. rOSCG PO CHY, successor to Dr. Li Po
"ifi. f.erb doctor; cures all diseases of human
.by liif of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
3$P3MS \VOO. the famous herb dootnr — All dls-
• ta?r* o-jred fcy CT.inr-^e J;erh«. 74^-S Clay «t.
•. PRO! OJiALS.
aArfYRANCISCO. Cal.. A-jTTsTTl^oST^Se^Ted
..proposals, in triplicate, will be received here
• until J2 o'clock noon Sept. 7. J9G.1. *nd then
*•¦ •'• ned* for construction of sewers at D<-pot
. ' r-.Ilecrults. Instruction. Presidio of San
I'lanclfco, Cel. Governnsent reserves right
y> reject or accept any cr all bids In whoU
<j- In "part. Inforrnailon furnished on appii-
. i»ilon to C. A. UEVOL. Quartermaster.
- <hi..Y Q. M. ¦
. " biviUK.vD KoricEs.
AMERICAN Can Company.— At a meeting of
the-iicard of Directors of the American Can
jfW"i""jrj held fceptTnber 1. 19u3, a dividend
• Vl.jwo and one-half per cent was declared
i.r<c'h the preferred stock, payable «g Septem-
. l>"r J© to stockholders of record at the close
'.•of . business September 15. The transfer
.thicks will be closed as to the preferred stock
¦•frera September 1C to September 30, both
dsys inclusive. Checks will be mailed
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY. R. U. IS-
_MfiN. Secretary.
XJIVID-END NOTICE— The Giant Powder Corn-
•par-v. Con. A dividend. No. C7. cf fifty
centr. (50c) per ehare on the issued capital
ttnek cf the company has been declared, pay-
able et the office of the company rooms
202. 20*. 200 Hayward building. San Fran-
.* citco. on September 10. 1903. Transfer books
close Sept. 3 at noon. C. C. Quinn. Secretary.
• . LEGAL ADVERTISEMKXTS.
IN V 1 * 6uo«rior Court of the City and County
•f 6aa Francisco Etate of California, — Filed
*ugust 25. 1603. ALBERT B. MAHO.NT,
" Clerk by E- J. CASEY, I>eputy C»erk; .No.
2&»15O. Proba'a — In the ir.atter of the estate
• cf ALICE 6I»AE. deceased. Notice for pub-
"'•llcation of time appointed for probate of will.
C. C. P.. See. 1303. — Notice Is hereby *lven
thai Tuesday, the Kth day cf September,
A* D. l$K)3. at 10 o'clock a, m. of that day.
» jjiri the courtroom of Deoartrnent No. 9 ot
*taid court, at the City Hall, in the City and
. Ccucty of £an Francisco, State of California.
Liive been appointed aa the time and place
Icr provlnr the duly r.uthentlcated copy of
the will and codicil of eald ALICE SKAE,
deccaeed, end of the probate thereof, aad
for hearing the application of MERCAN-
TILE TRUST COMPANY cf San Francisco.
b- corporation, for the issuance to It of let-
ters testamentary therecn. ISeaLJ ALBERT
B, MAHONY. Clerk, by E. J. CASEY.
Ijeputy Clerk- Dated. August 23, A. D. 1903.
•.MORRISON & COPE, attorney* for p«-
"titioTjer.
' STOIIAGI2 AMI W.UtCUOCSES.
V^MPClRU^uli^raii^^
household Rood* Etorwl. moved, ehlpped. 725-
731. Howard Et.. near Third; phone Grant l(iL
•IERCE-UODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
Vice Poet and Powell Eta.; tel. Prlv. Ex. C7L
X>NKL1N"S etdrajfe — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 233 Golden Gate ave.; phone East V£f>.
iOLDEN Wctt Storage; advances made; 810
Mission Et.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss..
'AC1F1C Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
I>Bsiy. 2220 Flllmore gt.: phone Jackson 2S1.
5EKINS Van and Ftorape Co.. 11 Montgomery
et.; tf 1. Main ISiO. Chipping at cut rates.
I "WEEK'S news for 5 cent*— The Weekly Call.
X6 pa$e». In wrapper, for mallta*, $1 ptr year.
STATEMENT
— or thb—
CONTRITION" AND AFPATRS
OB* THE
THDRINGIA
INSURANCE COMPANY
OP ERFURT. GERMANT. ON THB 31ST
day of December. A. D. 1902. and for ta»
year ending on that day, aa made to «»• In-
surance Commissioner of th« State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Section*
610 and 611 ot the Political Code, condensed
a 8 per blank furnished by tha Commtasloner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Cacltal Stock, paid up _ •£
In Cash » »4oO,OPO 00
ASSETS. ""
Real Estate owned by Company. *««.4O7 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgage.. 6.349.033 M
Cash Market Value of all Stock* .
and Bends owned by Compaay. l,«24.630 73
Amount of Loans secured by
pledge of Bonds. Stocks and
Sther marketable securities a. •
collateral ••• ¦**• °*5 J~
Cash In Company a Offlca Bia«04 18
Cash In Banks •• •• »10.«» w
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans Z3.T10 »¦
Interest due and accrued on 1( hut«»
Bonds and Mortgages ........ 10.047 OS
Premiums la due Course of Col-
lection 203,438 18
Bills receivable, not Matured.
taken for Fire and Marina _.„„.-
Risks Agents' Balances B4.ZZB 43
Due from other Companies for re-
Insurance on losses already paid }*«'?2J "
Securities ot Pension fund 117.178 00
Total Asiets I :.»12.818.12S 18
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid....] I
Losses in process ot Adjustment _
or In Suspense ' »<>io.«" w
Losses resisted. Including ax- •
penses --.- -- *•:•*'¦ i;
Cross premiums on Fire Risks |
running one year or less. *..: „ „
reinsurance 50 per cent....... 830.069 81
Gross oremlums on Fire kisks
running more than one year.
|..; reinsurance pro rata. J!
Gross premiums on Marine and] |
Inland Navigation Risks. $..:
reinsurance 100 per cent 1.743 38
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $..; reinsurance 50 per ¦ <_'.
cent '. .....J!
Liability under other '^ de .P«^ »,T2».0GO 5S
CaTh n a%ldwds'«niainVne'unpaidI ' ' 80 CO
Pension fund «*• 014 »*
Relief fund *° M
Total Liabilities lll.C0O.479 07
INCOME.
Net cash actnally received for
Fire premiums fl.5S8.lM 5 •
Net cash actually received for ,, „- „
Marine premiums .« i*«w 3B
Received for Interest on Bonds _..,,„
and Mortgages •••••. 338, W3 70
Received for Interest and divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks. Leans tft _ „. „
and from all other sources 105.606 M
Received for Rents w. . • 8.838 24
Received for profit on sal* of
assets • ••• 63,834 li
Received for premiums la other
departments 1.8S1.045 83
Total Income $3.600.439 07
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount ©aid tor Fire Losses
(including I l««es .of pre-
vlous years) ;;••;•" ? 78O » oa> *°
Net amount paid for Marine
Losses (including * loss.* ¦
of previous years) ,1?1S S
Dividends to Stockholders 133.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission -_,„-,--
or Brokerage ••• 623,031 U
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for otflcers. clerka, eto. 123419 33
Paid for State. National and ,.,„,.
Local taxes ••• 24.U7 u
Al^oUier payment, and expend!-
1.121.829 OT
Total Expenditures $3,051.763 97
Losse. incurred dur- Fire. M «rtos.
Ing the-year ..$347.884 OS ill.taw 3O
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. | Premium*.
Net amount of Risks
yS"?..'!" 1 . 1 !* S!|l.MM«LeWlttOM3»fi
Net amount of Risks -- JfMg
rxnlreii during the *
yeSr ...... •• 680.528.016 2.557.599 80
?c*t amount In torcQ
December 31. 1002. • 719.001.303 1.878,137 83
. Mar. Risks. | Premiums.
Vet amount of Risks
y^ ten ..'? U . rin .!.^ $42,758,384 . «9.97« 89
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year ;:....'. ••••• 33,054.264 43.01823
Net amount Jn force
December 31, 1902. 13.252.443 ' 12.300 38
" ERNST LANGE. Setfy.
CARL, SCHUMANN. Sec*y.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 16th
day ot April. 1903. P. TEICHAIANN .
U. S. Vice Consul at Weimar.
PACIFIC COASTDEPARTMEMT.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.,
General Agents,-
204-208 Sansome Street)
SAN- FBANOSCOlk ....
at the funeral parlora of McGinn Bros., 224-'
220 McAllister street.
CAHN — In this city, September 8, 1008, S«-
phora, beloved wife of Nathan Cahn, and
Bister of Mr«. A. Cahn, 1 Mrs* H. M. Bloch
and Nathan and Joseph Wlllard, a natlva
of France, aged 48 years..
tU" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral- services
Sunday, September 0. at 9:30 o'clock, at her
late residence. - 600 Fell street. ¦ • Cremation
Cypress Lawn ; Cemetery, pY ¦ train leaving
Third and Townsend streets at 11 o'clock.
CALLNON—In this city. September 2, 1903,
Florence W.. beloved wife of E. W. Callnon.
mother of J. Wlnf ree Callnon, and- sister of
Mrs. N. E. Grey, Mrs. 1. W. McMullen and
Mrs. P. H. Cunningham, a -native of ¦ Chris-
tian County, Kentucky.
07Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invit«d"to attend the funeral services
Friday, September 4, 1003, at 1 o'clock, at
Howard-street M. E. Church, Howard street,
between- Second and Third. . Interment Cy-
press Lawn. Cemetery, by 2:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
CRONK— In Redwood City. September 3, 1903,
Samuel Henry Cronk, beloved husband of
Mary L. Cronk, and father of Elevyn and
James S. Cronk, a native of New York, aged
02 years 10 months and 8 days. . .
EyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services '
Saturday, at 2 o'clock, at his late residence,
Stanbough street. Interment Union Ceme-
tery. Redwood City.
EHLERS— In this city, September 1... 1903,
Richard A. J., dearly beloved husband of
Ernestine L. S. Ehlera, father of Richard H.
A. Ehlers, son of Mr. and Mrs. H. Eggellng,
brother of August and Sophie Ehlera and
I Mrs. G. Moeller, and son-in-law of Mr. and
Mrs. H. Golsch, a native of New Tork, aged
32 years and 15 days.
ItyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, September 4, at 1 o'clock, at the
parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
EVERETT— In Berkeley. September 3, 1903,
at his residence, 2632 Manoa avenue, Henry
Brown, beloved husband of Kate F. Everett,
a native of Birchviile. Nevada County, Cal..
aged 37 years 2 months and 12 days.
FLEMING — In this city, ' September 3, 1903,
Ann Fleming, beloved sister of Rose, Thomas
and Jame« Fleming and the late Mrs. 1). ¦
Victory, and sister-in-law of D. Victory and
Mrs. T. Fleming, a native of County Cavar,
Ireland.
GARCIA— In Stockton, September 3, 1903,
Everista Garcia, beloved wife of the late
John Garcia, and mother of Mrs. Mj 8.
. Borba and Emanuel and John Garcia, a na-
tive of Chile, aged C5 years.
E7 Remains at the funeral parlors, of the
H.-F. Maass Company, T)17 Mission street.
GORDON— In this city, September 3. 1003, Lil-
lian Kate, dearly beloved and youngest
daughter of George and Mary Gordon, and
sister of George and Perry Goraofi. a native
of San Francisco, aged 2 months and 20
days. '
HEATLIE— In this city, September 3, 1003.
Eliza, beloved wife of Andrew Heatlie, and
mother of William, Bessie and Maggie Heat-
He, a native of Galaohlels, Scotland, aged 67
years 1 month and 21 days.
HOQAN — In this city, September 2, 1903,
Pierce C. Hogan, beloved brother of Edward
W. Hosan, beloved uncle of William M.,
John and Morris J. Condon, and brother of
the late John Hogan, a native of Ireland,
aged 34 years.
C?Friendn and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of James Ilagan, 445 Valencia street, thence
to Et. Joseph's Church, corner Tenth and
Howard streets, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HUNT — In the City and County Hospital. Sep-
tember 3, 19(C, Una Hunt, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 3 months.
HUNTER— In Alameda, Cal., September 2,
1003, Ell M. Hunter, beloved husband of Ann
Mary Hunter, and father of Frederick L.
Hunter, a native' of Maine, aged C5 years.
H7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, September 4. 1903. at 2:30 o'clock,
at his late residence, 1173 Regent street.
Cremation private.
LATHROP— In this "city. September 2, 1903,
Ellsha Nelson Lathrop. uncle of Charles H.
Lathrop of Berkeley and Miss Floy Lathrop
of San Francisco, a native of Bridgeport,
Conn., aged 82 years and 4 months.
(tyFiIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday. September 4, 1903, at 2 o'clock, at
the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Un-
dertaking Company, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-nrst. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, by carriage.
McNULTT— In this city, September 2, 1003,
Mamie, beloved daughter of Mrs. M. and
the late Martin McNulty, and sister of M.
T., Frank, George and Stidle McNulty, a na-
tive of Watsonville, Cal., aged 29 years 5
months and 21 days.
B7Notfce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the funeral parlors of McGinn Bros., 224-
220 McAUiEter street.
MELSING— In this city, September 1. 1903,
r Elizabeth, beloved wife of the late Gustave
Melsing, and mother of Mrs. Louisa Llbby,
Mrs. Dora Bunker. Mrs. Marie Huddart,
Gustave and Louis Melslng and the late Mrs.
Lizsie Grogan and Mrs. Antoinette White,
a native of Germany, aged 71 years 11
months and 8 days.
ETFuneral Friday, September 4, 1903. at
10 o'clock, from the residence of her daugh-
ter. Mrs. Louisa Llbby, 30C5 Twenty-fifth
street, at 10 o'clock. Interment private. Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery. Pleaee omit flowers.
MEYERS — In this city, September 3, 1903, at
his residence, 207 Eleventh street, Emanuel
August Meyers, dearly beloved husband of
Bertha Meyers, a native of Germany, aged
CO years.
MIDDLETON — In Oakland, September 3. 1908,
at 1111 Thirteenth avenue, James A. Middle-
ton, father of Mr*. L. A. Cox. Miss G. V.
Middleton and the late Arthur B. Middle-
ton, a native of Maryland, aged 81 years 3
months and 10 days.
MOULTON— In Sausalito, September 2, 1903,
Proctor Moultcn, beloved father of John E.
Proctor and Maud E. Moulton and Mrs. A.
M. Ulsh, a native of Newcastle, England,
aged C8 years.
{£7*Frienos and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Friday), at 11:30 o'clock, at the
. undertaking parlors of F. E. Sawyer, 810
Fourth street, San Rafael. Interment Mouut
Tamalpals Cemetery.
O'BRIEN — In the City and County Hospital,
September 3,-lI)03. Jerry O'Brien, a native
of Ireland, aged Cl years.
PETSCH— In this city. September 3, 1003, Mrs.
L. Petsch, a native of Germany, aged 70
years.
IC7Remain8 at the funeral parlors of the
II. F. Maass Company. 917 Mission street.
RILEY* — In this city. September 3, 1903 John
J., dearly beloved son of Patrick and the late
Bridget Riley, and brother of Edward A. ana
Fannie Rlley, Mrs. Mark Brown and Mrs.
James Lombard, a native of San Francisco.
(CyFrier.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 755 Brannan street, between Sixth
and Seventh, thence to St. Rose's Church,
where- a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
SCHLEICHISR — In this city, September 3. 1903
August, beloved husband of Frances Schlelch-
er, and beloved son of Mrs. A. Schletcher
of Frar.kfort-on-the-Main, a native of Rot-
terdam, aged 33 years and 5 months.
(E7Frlend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of Theodor Dierks, i>57 Mission etreet, be-
tween Fifth and Sixth. Cremation Odd' Fel-
lows' Cemetery.
SKUT— In this city, September 3, 1903, Frank
beloved brother of John. Charley, Nellie and
Mattle Skuy, a native of San Francisco, aged
7 years.
SLACK— In this city, September 3, 1003, D. E.,
husband of Sarah Slack, and father of Mrs!
George Wall, a native of New York.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2S20 Folsom street, between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-fifth. Interment Odd Fel-
low* 1 Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
SLOANE— In this city, September 2, 1903, Ber-
nard Sloane, dearly beloved husband of An-
nie Bloane. and father of J. J. Sloane, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 60 years.
(LJTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Guntt Undertaking Company,
1200 Mission street, between Eighth and
Ninth, thence to St. Peter's Church. Ala-
bama etreet, near Twenty-fourth, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WEYANT— In this city. September 1, 1903,
Jennie, beloved wife of Webster L. Weyant.
and mother of Blue Belle- Weyant. a native
ot New York, aged 42 years 2 months and
25 dayal
CRemalns at the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2475
Mission etreet, near Twenty-first. Interment
at Highland Falls, N. Y.'
*___ _ *
THE CAIX'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close on September 24,
' 1903; and all holders of Atlas
Coupons are requested to pre-
sent them immediately, as this
great opportunity to secure one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's- premium rates ; will be
brought to - a close on Septem-
ber 24. . . ' .. .
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Pnfara.
BURNETT, 1426 Market — (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlahed rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable,
FOLSOM. 776%— Neatly furnished room suita-
ble for one or two; every convenience.
GEARY. 1028 — 2 elngrle front rooms; eunny.
running water, phone; private family.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission— Rooms 50o
to $1 BO night; (2 to $3 week; reading-room.
HARRISON, 788%— Furnished room, suitable
for two gentlemen; rent reasonable. ,
HOTEL QRAY8TONE
66 Geary st.: phone Bush S30.
Centrally located- fireproof hotel; elegantly
furnished suites, with baths and singles.
HOWARD. 829 (The Planet)— Rooms, single
and en suite.
JESSIE, 617 — Larsre furnished room for two
men or man and wife: no children. •* ."¦*-.*
JONES, 810, above Bush— A comtortably fur-
nlshed room; private family; reasonable;.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights; day, weak, mo.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c to $1 60; week. $2
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ST. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna— Front
eunny rooms; all new; very cheap; telephone
Page S7B1.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy st.. near Market —
400 single and family rooms; 35c to $1 night;
$1 75 to ffi week; elevator; electric lights;
reading-room; free bus and baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d si., near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
86c to $1 60 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator:
elec. lights; readingr-room: free bus; bafrsage.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
tractlve and sightly rooms; best table and
service; lowest rates.
VAN NESS ave., 1714 — Private boarding-house,
home like, everything first class: sunny
sulte3; single rooms: choice locality; ret.
ROOMS A3VD BOARD _ 'WANTED. ¦
BY young lady, room in vicinity of Affiliated
Colleges; board optional. Box 1711. Call.
RCOMS WANTED.
GENTLEMAN wants room by the year -with
private family owning home, without board;
references If deslreU. Box 1713. Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES. ;
NOTICE is hereby given that the Transfer
Books for the transfer of stock of The Bank
of California will be closed September 15.
1003. at 3 o'clock p. m., 'and will reopen on
Friday. October 2, 1003. By order of the
Board of Directors.
ALLEN M. CLAY, Secretary.
September 3, 1903.
DR. A. E. NEUMEISTER. Surgeon — Special
attention given to medical and surfrlcal dis-
eases of women, diseases of the liver, stom-
ach and bowels. 513-14 Starr King bldg.,
121 Geary St.; tel. Private Exchange 216.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH, DEAFNESsTanTNOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottingham. 204 Sutter st.
STL'TTERIXG AXD STA-MMERIXG.
MELBOURNE System School. Van Ness and
Market: positive cure for all. Don't delay. |
TYPEWRITERS AND" SUPPLIES.
GREAT BAROA7NTlN"TTp^WmTER8^We
6i 11 better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California: telephone Main 2E6.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st >
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Wehf-ter TypeTt-rlter TnFpee. Co.. 209 Sansome.
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Hiram Bullard. 24. Woodland, and Julia
McXelll, 26, Woodland.
John F. Llndstrom, 36. 740 Ellis street, and
Carolyn J. Perkins, 2fl, 807 Van Ness avenue.
John L. Hopkins, S3, city, and Pauline Up-
man, 2S, city. . .
Charies \Y. MuHoy, 30, 1S19 Post etreet, and
Llllie M. Butler. 25, Benicla.
Louis Blumenthal, 22. 1513% Powell street,
and Annie Davis, 18. 2119 Taylor street.
Fred W. Kostering, 27, 2« Jurl street, and
Anna Behrmann, 30, 124 Sanchez street.
George C. Bennallack, 24, 33 Lafayette
street, and 8tella J. Silva. 20. 33 Lafayette st.
Charles M. Holloway, 28, 735B Ellis street,
and Gussie L. Taylor, 21, 1120B Golden Gate
avenue.
John W. Franke. 21, 1506 Fifteenth avenu».
South San Francisco, and Mamie Coutts, 21,
Napa.
• Joseph Goldman, 32, 84SA Howard street,
ar.d Gus.--ie Greenspon, 34. 84SA Howard street.
Carlo Marsono. 28, 1117 • Lake street, and
Clara Marsono, 22, 1117 Lake street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in afc either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
HAPP — In Oakland. August 27, 1903, to the
wife of Morris Happ, a daughter.
married! ~
BEHNKE— HAUFFE— In Oakland. August 24.
l!)03, Charles Behnke and Auguste Charlotte
Hauffe, both of Lorln.
HOPKINS— UPMAN— In this city, September
: 3, ltMXJ, by Thomas F. Dunn. Justice of the
Peace, John L. Hopkins and Pauline Upman,
both of San Francisco.
DIED.
Ahlbach, Jacob Hunt, Una
Arnold, Mary A. Hunter, Eli M.
Blakely, Calvin Lathrop, Ellsha N.
Brewster, Daniel E. McNulty, Mamie
Bytes, Amelia Melslng, Elizabeth
Cahlll, James A. Meyers, Emanuel A.
Cahn. Sephora Middleton, James A.
Callnon. Florence W. Moulton, Proctor
Cronk, Samuel H. O'Brien, Jerry
Ehlers, Richard A. J. Petsch, Mrs. L.
Everett, Henry B. rtiley, John J.
Fleming. Ann Kchleicher, August
Garcia, Everista Skuy, Frank
Gordon. Lillian K. Slack, D. E.' t
Heatlie, Eliza, Sloane, Bernafcd
Hogan, Pierce C. Weyant. Jennie
AHLBACH— In this city, September 2. 1903.
Jacob Ahlbach. beloved husband of the late
Maria J. Ahlbach, father of Joseph Ahlbach,
Mrs. A. ' Parr and. William, Elizabeth and
Aloysius Ahlbach, and brother of William
and the late Peter. Ahlbach, a native of
Germany, aged C>2 years li months and 10
days. A member of St. Peter's D. R. K.
Unterstutzungs Verein.
icy Friends and ¦ acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of t<>e*Gaiitner & Guntz Undertaking. Com-
pany, 1209 Mission streets, between Eighth
and Ninth, thence to St. Boniface's Church,
Goldtn Gate avenue, near Jones street, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at U
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ARNOLD— In Oakland. September 3, 1003
Mary A., beloved wife of Adam Arnold!
mother of Noll Arnold, .and sister of Mrs.
J G. Conroy. Mro. J. H. Rourke, Mrs. Henry
Westpbal, Mr3. G. McBride and John- T
and Tina Doyle, a native of California.
BLAKELY — In Ontario, September 1, 1003
Calvin, beloved husband of Caroline Blakely,
and father of A. H. and II. T. Blakely, a
native of Cherry Valley, Canada, aged WJ
years C months and 0 days.
BREWSTER— In this city, September 3, 1903
Daniel E., beloved son of Elizabeth J. Brew-
ster. and brother of Sarah Brewster, a na-
tive of Massachusetts, aged 64 yearB 7
months and 17 days.
lETFrlems and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
' Saturday. September 6. 1903. at 10 o'clock,
at the residence of his mother, 549 Valen-
cla street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cems-
tery. by carriage. Funeral private.
BYLES— In this city, September 2, 1903, Ame-
lia Byles, beloved wife of George Byle« a
native of the Isle of Jersey.
CAHILL— In this city,* September 2. 1903
James A., beloved husband of Eliza Cahlll
and father of John A. and Edward F. Cahill'
a native of County Waterford. Ireland, aged
80 years.
(ETNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
(Euccefcsors to Flannagan Sc Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mir.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
' 20 Fifth Bt., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
— Funeral Directors and Embalinern
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple.
- Now at 860 MISSION. Tel. South 107.
Between Fourth and Fifth, Near Fifth Bt.
Fiats t Equipments at Moderate Kates.
ItCAI, ESTATE CITY — FOB SALE.
8 S£]?i TA 9 E £ of 5 r - * nd b -. ° n 26th ¦ t -. *»¦"
Sino a^ I ?'" t - c * r » : foreclosure sale;
5100 down balance $20 per month; open
Bundaya. b. COFFIN & CO., 3303 Mission.
NEAT cottage with modern Improvements;
term* tame as paying rent. Apply owner.
« mber , >ard - SE - corner Alabama and
Montcalm streets.
F^!2»'^J^r I^? u * e 8 Tmn ' hl * h baaement; «unny
nf£> V 1 ' ***• Valen cJa and Mission; no rea*.
offer refused. Stephens A Co.. Unlon-sq. MKt,
L( T T^T n -^ 21 80uth of Park purchased. W.
J. GT.NN. 630 Calif ornla sty
F< £\^ SALE ;r Cotta *«» ot 7 rooms, bath. 27
. forti i. t bet 17th and lBth: lot 28x114.
REAL ESTATE Country— For Sale.
A ??°rf U £ CEMENT - The Sacramento Valley
i-ana company is now surveying 'the great
r^..» fB f m ±' S 1 * states of br. Glenn and
Benator John Boggs. on the Sacramento!
{,°*' r . - at Princeton and Jaclnto: big canal
building; abundant Irrigation water; prices
will be very low; best opportunity for
£? m .* f( * ker8 ever presented in California;
W> ,000 acres in 20 to 40 home tracts; peerless
ai.aifa. orange, peach, pear, prune, beet,
corn, potato, celery and asparagus land:
s*aimeut soil; abundant water; splendid
TL-V2?^.V. absoIutely certain crops. C. M.
BOOSTER CO.. 648 Market et.
A CHANCE FOR YOUR SAVINGS—
pretty five-acre wooded villa sites between
depct at Redwood City and foothills of San
Mateo County; near Stanford; offered at one-
«,*.« real vaIue : 6 acres. $1260 to $1375 each;
f !.« down and $25 35 monthly will buy one;
beEt opportunity on peninsula, and that Is
the beet suburban property In California,
pon't let this go by. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
CiS Market st.
GREAT BARGAIN— 980- acres wheat and
barley and vines; 3 miles from depot and
Rood town; last crop. $6000; price for 10
days, $7000; Colusa County. C. M. "WOOS-
TER CO.. 64S Market et.
20-ACRB fruit ranch in Placer County; fine
climate; idea! home; rabbit-proof fence; good
four-horpe bam; 3-room house; all planted
in ben variety fruit; 1(5 acres in actual bear-
ing; will cell cheap on account of owner's
leaving country. Apply to WALTER E. LO-
GAK, 1118 Broadway. Oakland.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free, C. M. WOOSTER CO. 643
Market st.
j POIXT niCUMOXD It 12 A L. ESTATE.
"WATER frcnt lots and bargains: all tracts;
mar>8. rhctos. etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
) THE finest little ranch .n the State; 9 acres. 6
planted: 7-room house and all improvements:
will give a good trade for house and large
lot; city. Owner this week at MOSSMAN'S,
1 RSO Market st. *
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
j JUST WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR.
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded by flowers and fruit trees; near
train and pchoolu; only $2650; lot 75x125.
Nice 5-rocai cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
Tel. Grand 1416. 1500 Park St.. Alameda,
BARGAIN — $1060: Alameda: a 4-room cottage
and bath: lot 27:0x175 feet; easy terms. 451
Linden ave.. San Francisco.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
j FTTRNIEHED 8-room house to responsible
rarty ; r.o children; references. 511 Market St.
OAKLAiND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 2BOADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL BSTATB.
i $100 CASH and $C0 per month secures a mag-
Eincent colonial 8-roonj house, finished in
curly redwood; open and nickel plumbing;
lot 50x141; elegant marine view; 1!UH
Eleventh ave. Open for lnsrjectlon daily
frcm U.to 5; take street car at Eighth and
Broadway.
J. S. MYERS or GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$3750— REDUCED from $45<JO for a quick sale;
r.ew colonial house of 7 rooms and bath;
all modern; 2 blocks to the local station.
FchocU and cars; accepted street, near
business center; only $500 cash, balance
mortgage : a rare opportunity to secure
a fine home at a low price and easy
terms.
3. S. MYERS or GEORGE W. AUSTIN,
j 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
j OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains ! In furni-
ture. H. Schellhaaf. 11th St.. cor. store.Oaklnd
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
i FIFTH. 2C2 — Clean, plain housekeeping room;
pas range, perch; $7.
I FOLSOM. 834 — Bay-window room and kitchen;
al«o iwjp tingle rooms*; closet; bath separate.
1 FOI'RTH. -225 — Nice housekeeping, also single
rcom.
FURNISHED housekeeping'rooms. Inquire COS
Buchanan st. '
I HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments for
housekeeping ; gas ranges; Just newly tur-
cifched. 1530 Polk st.
HOWAP.D. 719^ — 3 housekeeping rooms, two
beds; respectable; no transient.
I HOWARD. ICO;;— 2 sunny connectg. com. furn.
bcy-window hskrg. rms.; ethers $2 50 week.
! MARKET, 731 — * large unfurnished sunny
rooms; rent reasonable.
MISSION. 832$$ — Large room, suitable for two;
running water and gas stove.
NINTH. 113 — One cunny room; reasonable.
OAK, 117 — Sunny furnished suites, $8 to $12;
pas range, hot bath, laundry, phor.e; adults.
i O'FARRELL, 271— Two or three housekeeping
rooms.
O'FARRELL. 424 — Lower floor of three rooms;
completely furnished for housekeeping.
SOUTH PARK. S4 — Furnished housekeeping
room and gas stove; rent $10 50.
ET. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna— Furnish-
ed eunny suite with separate sunny kitchen;
*as range; all complete for housekeeping;
$15 up. -^
\ STOCKTON. 1206 — Housekeeping: front, newly
furnished; So to $12; phone, gas, bath; sunny.
I CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmcre.
t A BRANCH office for Call advertisements aad
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Ft.
• ¦ '
HOTELS A.\DKOARDI.\G-IIOUSES.
' "THE PRINCETON."
(EUROPEAN PLAN.)
Superbly furnished and the only high-grade
residence hotel in the city which Is operated
on the European plan. Located at No. .710
JONES st., bet. SUTTER and POST STS..
and reached by three street car linei. One
hundred rooms mostly arranged en suite,
with bath. Electric lights, steam heat, long
\ distance telephone In every suite; billiard
and emokinK rooms and a magnificent grill-
room. Rates are very reasonable.
"~~~ APARTMENTS TO LET.
"EL MONTEREY." the city's newest apart-
ment hotel, located on the north «lde of
I'liw st between Hyde and leavenworth: a
superb brick building of Spanish architec-
ture; all the comfort* of housekeeping com-
bined with the conveniences of hotel life; for
$30 per month you can secure here an unfur-
nished 3-room apartment, consisting of large
living-room with gas grate and mantel, bed-
room with bay-window and closet; kitchen
eoulpped with gaa range, built-in china
closet and hot and cold water; bathroom
with toilet and Dorcelaln tub (hot and cold
water)* this price also includet Janitor eer-
vice night and day and night and day ele-
vator nervlce; only ten minutes' walk from
Powell and Market; ee« these apartments
to-day. _^ — — —
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and t'nfnra,
A H ANDioMELY furnished, sunny • bay-win-
dow room in private residence, four blocks
from Park entrance, and within easy walk-
lnic distance of Affiliated Colleges. $15: also
large unfurnished room with private en-
trance; gentlemen only. .Address box 1.03,
Call office. .
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Roomij
A »? to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open ail nignt.
AT "Th« Almonte." 873 Market »t. <or No. 1
Fifth st.>— Rooms. 2£»c. 60c. $1. $1 60 night.
$1 CO to $10 week; house open all nignt.
ANTLERS, 415 Turk .t.— Strictly modern;, 4-8
room apartments: fur. or unfur. for bskpg.By our work* we are kndwn. Good printing
pays you. MyEell-RolIlns, 22 Clay, printers. •
* Lundy pays the highest price for loose
diamonds.- 4 3d st. and <52 Market st. *
.California organizations of the Western
Federation or Miners, United Brotherhood
of Rahway Employes and all local un
ions of the American | Labor Uaion are
to hold their first State convention at
Assembly Hall," Parrbtt building; on La
bor day. Delegates will be present from
various parts of the State. -• Pacific Coast
Musicians' i Union, , Local No. 8, has de
cided to affiliate directly with the Ameri
can Labor Union and will retain its na
tional affiliation. The union has-been or
ganized independently 'of the A. F. of L.
for the last four years and was formerly
affiliated with the Knights of Labor."
Union Convention on Labor Day.
E. D. Charters, a barkeeper at the
Grand Hotel bar, was arrested yesterday
on a warrant issued by Police Judge Mo
gan charging him with battery. The com
plaining witness is William Bailor, who
alleges that Charters brutally beat
Mrs. If irby, landlady of the lodging
house at 29 Stockton street, on Wednes
day night. She was unable to leave her
bed yesterday from the effects of the
beating, and therefore she could not
swear to, the warrant herself. Charters
was drunk 1 ; and after the attack on Mrs.
Kirby he was arrested on Grant avenue
by Pollecman Riehl for drunkenness.
Woman Badly Beaten.
The Southern Pacific, Union Pacific and
connecting rallroiads, taking independent
action, will put colonist rates Into. effect
dally, commencing September 15 and last
ing until November 30, in order to bring
settlers to this State. These rates are;
From Sioux City, Omaha, Council Bluffs.
St. Joseph, Kansas -City, ' Leavenworth
and Houston, $25: fvpm St. Louis and New
Orleans, $30: froni Peoria, $31; from
Bloomington, $32; Chicago, $33.
Southern Pacific Makes Low Eates to
California— Colonist Bates
Go In Again.
In? the case of William Johnson, plain
tiff, versus -D. H. Bibb Lumber Company,
defendant, the Supreme Court found as
follows: "The order denying the motion
for a new trial is rever&ed." The decision
was rendered by Justice Lorigan and con
curred in by Justice McFarland and Jus
tice Henshaw.
< In the case of B. G. Hurlburt, plaintiff,
versus Eliza J. Arthur and Henry Miller,
defendants, the Supreme Court finds that
the judgment of the lower court was
right and it is affirmed. The decision was
rendered by Justice Lorigan, with the
concurrence of Justice McFarland and
Chief Justice Beatty. .
Confirms Lower Court.
James Mitchell, a tailor, living at 3210
Steiner street, was. arrested on Wednes
day night by Policeman Nye on a charge
of beating his daughter Mary, a quleti
gentle girl. She and her sister were In
Police Judge Mogan'a court yesterday
when the case was called. Her face bore
evidence of the beating she had received.
Policeman Nye said that Mitchell made
it a practice to • beat his daughters and
his sister-in-law and that he often terror
ized the neighbors. The Judge said. the
whipping post was the onlythlng adapt
ed for the punishment of such men as
Mitchell, and he regretted it was not in
vogue In this State. The case was con
tinued till September 8.
Suggests the Whipping Post.
A. K. Welby, one #of the best-known
railroad engineers in the country, who
went to Peru a year ago to superintend
the construction of a road for J. B. Hag
gin and his mining associates, returned
yesterday and is staying at the Occi
dental Hotel. The road, which is now
practically completed, extends frcm Lima
eastward to the copper properties owned
by the Haggin interests, a distance of
seventy-five miles. It was started at an
elevation of -12, 000 feet above the sea and
has its terminous. at an. elevation of
17,000 feet. The construction work was
accomplished with considerable difficulty,
but the builder had ample funds and he
used a large force of native labor. The
mines that . the road . taps, Welby . says,
yield ore • that runs as high as 40 per
cent in copper. It took twelve months
to complete the line and his work being
done Welby has returned to California to
join his family, which is sojourning in
the southern part of the State. Some
years ago he was the general superlntend
entof the Rio Grande Western Railroad
and. he gained considerable notoriety by
transforming 350 miles of that line from
a narrow to a standard gauge in one day.
Engineer Welby, Who Constructed
Line From Lima to Millionaire's
Copper Mines, Has Returned.
COMPLETES ROAD FOR
J. B. HAGGIN IN PERU
oner and $1 for the landlady for the gas
consumed In killing herself. |
Mrs. Verdier, landlady of the .lodging
house, 781 Folsom street, smelled the odor
ot illuminating gas proceeding from the
direction of room 27, occupied by Mrs.
Pertsch. She gave the alarm and when
the door was forced open the dead body
of Mrs. Pertsch was found in bed. Her
clothing lay on a chair, neatly folded, and
i several note? written by the dead woman
lay on the table. '
USED RUBBER TUBE.
A rubber jtube extended from a gas
burner to the mouth of the suicide and a
handkerchief tied under her chin and
around the top of her head by herself
kept the mouth closed. The notes were
written in German and are translated as
follows:
Thursday morning', 2 o'clock: I go to rest
wishing good-by to all.
San Francisco, September 2 — To Mr. Cor
oner: Please be so kind as not to remove my
body to the Morgue, but have it brought to
Undertaker Maass. My best thanks I s^-nd
you for this kindness and give 55 for this la
vor for not taking my body to the Morgue.
Another note stated that In a tin box
in her trunk was $3S for Undertaker
Aiaass, $5 for the Coroner and $1 for the
landlady.
Undertaker Maass received through the
mails yesterday morning a note in Ger
man, of which the following is a trans
lation: ' .
"Air. Maass. undertaker— Please call
morning, September 3, at room
27, 781 Folsom street, and ask for Mrs
Pertsch."
The suicide was 70 years old and evi
dently a native of Germany, as she spoke
English but imperfectly. She had been
rooming at Mrs. Verdier's for . about a
month. Nothing is known of her antece
dents or family. About. Jthree weeks ago
she called on Undertaker Maass and in
quired as to the cost of cremating a body.
She explained that a lady friend of hers
was dying, that her husband was poor and
could not afford an expensive burial. All
that she wanted was a plain box. The
undertaker informed -her that the body
could be cremated at a total cost of $30.
VISITS UNDERTAKES.
She returned three days later and re
quested the undertaker to write the terms
as he had stated and he made a memo
randum on. the back of one of hi3 cards,
which she took with her.
The following is a translation of the
note left for Mr. Maass:
» ¦ Mr. Maasa : I set aside fifty dollars for the
cremation of my body, including coffin and at
tendance, as -In accordance with my inquiry.
I add an additional eight dollars for extra
help which may be necessary for carrying my
body.
A high state of nervousness - and physical
ailments comsels roe to die. I have no rela
tions.--Tin box In trunk. Mr. Maass, . please
tell my landlady to ba quiet and say nothing,
as the money is In the tin box, $58 for you.
$5 for the Coroner and |1 for the landlady for
the use of the gas. . I paid my rent in advance
to-day. The key is the upper ender under the
trunk. Mr. Maasa. please be so kind and read
thin missive to the Coroner in caje he cannot
read- German. •
Mrs. Verdler was unable to throw any
light on • the woman's antecedents and
Deputy Coroner Michael Brown could not
learn anything as to her history. The
Coroner ordered that the ¦wishes of the
dead woman be respected and the body
was turned over to Undertaker Maass.
Wanted-- Ho're Liquor.
John Lynch and John Murphy, marine
firemen, .were "arrested at an early hour
yesterday morning by Policeman Burns
on a charge of burglary. They were in
structed by Police Judge Cabahiss yes
terday and the case was continued till to*
day. They had been drinking and en
gaged a room at 27 Vallejo street, where
another man was asleep.' They wanted
more liquor, and carried away the other
man's clothing to pledge it for more
drinks, for which they were arrested.
Death of Daniel E. Brewster.
Daniel E. Brewster, clerk lor Thornley
& eo., customs brokers, died yesterday
morning in this city after a long illness.
Mr. Brewster was one of the most genial
and popular men on the floor of the Cus
tom-house. He came here about twelve
years x ago as purser of the steamship
Scandinavia, and worked for the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company and the Oceanic
line.
|-^>. EFORE aged Mrs. L. Pertsch
LJ/ turned on the gas and lay down
I )\ to die at 2 o'clock yesterday
' morning she had carefully ar
ranged for the disposition of her
body and tied up In separate packages
the sums of money she wanted to pay
the undertaker, the Coroner and her land
lady
About three weeks ago Mrs. Pertsch
visited an undertaker and inquired
as to the cost of cremating a
body in an inexpensive manner
and she . left " full directions as to 'the
disposition of her body, together with the
money for the undertaker, $5 for the Cor-
FOUR PROMINENT MEMBERS
OF THE POPULAR HAR
MONIE SINGING SOCIETY.
ONE hundred and fifty members
of the Harmonie Singing Society
will leave to-morrow morning for
Ben Lomond for a three days'
Jollification. This is their annual
outing and preparations have been under
way for the last month. The committee
having the affair in charge has spared no
expense and this year's event promises
to surpass all others.
The Harmonie Singing Society is com
posed of leading Germans of this city,
gathered together to sing the songs of
the Fatherland. During their stay the
members will make Ben Lomond echo
with" their sweet melodies. They will
stay- at the hotel. The affair is strictly
for men. The fair sex is barred, as they
might not be able to stand the strenuous
times in store for those who attend.
The Harmonies will leave to-morrow
morning at 8:15 o'clock. The train is
scheduled to arrive at noon and a re
ception will be held at the hotel. The
Harmonie Band will discourse music dur
ing the reception. At 6:30 a banquet will
be held at the hotel and two hours later
a variety show will be given in the dance
hall. A playlet written by one of the
members will be presented. This is said
to he full of interesting situations and
clever lines.
No one expects to get much sleep dur
ing the three days' outing. The mem
bers are out to have some fun and they
expect to stay awake nights planning new
pleasures.
On Sunday morning there will be a
choral. All the members will take part
and the singing will be augmented by
an orchestra. A champagne cocktail a
la Henry Plagemann will be handed
around before breakfast. After the first
meal the Harmonies will go to the picnic
grounds and spend the day in bowling,
swimming, rowinc and games. In the
evening there will be a vocal and instru
mental concert. The entertainment will
be continued on Monday morning. The
members will depart for this city at 1:45
o'cl6ck Mondav afternoon.
Henry Plagemann and his three broth
ers, -who compose the famous "Plage
mann Quartet," are going along to add
their, voices.
Sent Speedily Back to Jail.
Archie L. Xorthway had a charge of
burglary ag al nst him reduced to petty
larceny by Police Judge Mogan yester
day, and he was sentenced to serve six
months in the County Jail. He was re
leased from jail last Tuesday morning'
after serving j a six months' term, and
within a few hours entered the room of
Mrs. Germaine Delteil, C40 Howard street,
and stole, her purse.
W. H. Hubbard. a I saloon-keeper of
Yreka, filed a petition. In insolvency yes
terday in . the United States District
Court. He owes 5773 and has no assets.
Insolvent Saloon Man.
Grand Fall Opening
Of Parisian Pattern Hat Bonnets, Tail-'
ored Hats and Novelties, Sept. 3, 4 and 5.
Alperns Palace Millinery, 115 Stockton.*
George Law. a student at the University
of California, who resided with his
mother at 83 Henry street in ihis city, was
drowned in the ocean yesterday afternoon
at a point opposite "Halfway," about a
mile and a half south from the Ocean
Beach Tavern. His companion, Olin M.
Boyle, a reporter on an afternoon news
paper, who resides at 1719 McAllister
street, in an endeavor to rescue the
drowning: man, narrowly escaped sharing
the same fate and was saved with diffi
culty by the life-saving crew.
The two young men went to the beach
together for a holiday and In view of the
pleasant weather determined to take a dip
in the surf. They were both strong swira
merB and went out several hundred yards
from the shore. Finally they determined
to come in, Boyle leading.
When he reached the beach Boyle wa!s
surprised to find that his companion was
not in sight. He climbed a sand dune
for a better ¦view, but nowhere could he
see his friend. Some children playing in
the sar.d told him that he was the only
swimmer they had noticed, from which it
is inferred that Law was caught in the
undertow and sank soon after starting
back. 'Z
Boyle was nearly frantic with apprehen
sion and plunged -again into the sea in
teeagch of his missing friend. With all
1:1s strength tie swam back to the place
whtre he had last seen the missing man
ai;d pluckily searched for some trace of
him until he was completely exhausted.
The life-saving crew had been notified in
the meantime, and launching the lifeboat,
thf y rowed rapidly to the scene, arriving
in time to rescue Boyle, who. without
assistance, would have shared the fate
of bis friend. Billy Otis, the pugilist,
formed one of th^ life-saving crew in the
stance of -one of the regular members.
Boyle Wits token to the life saving sta
tion, where h* quickly regained his
strength.
The drowr.od ir.ar. v;&s the eon of the
. 3.nte Dr. V. Marshall Law, at one time
ructOT of the Church of the Advent in
Oakland, #*ho died of paralysis about tiro
- yr r ars aso at Clarendon, Tex. The young
naar was a. member of the cla?s of "'03 at
• the University of California and highly
rptc.mcd by h!s fellov.- students.- He was
'Si years of a^c. Mis' mother, two brothers
aud a -sir.to'r reside, here.
It i« _not- expected .that - the body ¦will
ctw be recovered, as it 5s very . seldom
• -that the =ea giv«?s up its dead in that lo
... ca!ity. i „ ' • ¦
Sunaway Eoys Found.
The two boys. Roger 0"Connor. 9 years
old. and Jerome • Lannon, apod 6, who
disappeared from their hom<?s last Tues
• cay r.fiernoon. ' were picked up "by the
• .police at Oakland yesterday. The O'Con
nor boy was scat to the home of ¦ his
aunt, Mrs. Lydon. 2009 O'FarreU street,
thi? city, ar.d Jerome Lannon -*-as taken
to the home cf his father, 2123 O'Farrell
"street.* •
In the inquest yesterday on the body
of G. Nagtta, a Japanese, Injured by be
ing struck by a Santa Fe train and who
died on August 6 in the German Hos
pital, the jury added to their verdict the
following:
"Caused by carelessness of the Santa
Fe Railroad Company and employes of
said company." \
Santa Fe Road Censured.-
About half an hour before the hold-up
in Elmers' saloon on Tuesday night two
men entered the grocery and saloon at
the corner of Wnshington and Leaven
worth streets and had a drink. Two men
wore in the barroom at the time. The
actions of the strangers aroused suspicion,
for when they left the grocery one re
marked, "Well, I guess we will take a
car." They were watched and instead of
taking a car they walked along Leaven
worth street in the direction of Sacra
mento. The grocer and the two men
who were in the barroom called at the
City Prison yesterday afternoon, but
failed to iuentify either Smith or O'Brien
as the strangers who had a drink about
half an hour before the Elmers hold-up.
Elmers, who had a look at the two men
on Wednesday night, told Chief Wittman
that he was almost morally certain that
O'Brien was one of the robbers, but he
would not swear to it. One of the men
who was in the saloon at the time ex
pressed the same opinion.
Detectives Dinan and . Wren, who ar
rested John Smith and Dennis O'Brien,
ex-convicts with long records, on sus
picion of being the two footpads who
operated in the salcons of John Bohner,
300 Turk street; John Sere, Seventh and
Natoma streets, and Henry Elmers, 1345
Sacramento street, worked on the case all
day yesterday to find the rooms occupied
by the two suspects in the hope of ob
taining some incriminating evidence in
the shape of stolen watches. They were
not successful.
Suspected Saloon Foot
pads Are Not Yet
Identified.
George Law Is Drowned
While Swimming in
the Surf.
Attorney Vaughn, who Is conducting
the defense, states that he has some in
teresting evidence to produce at the trial.
He will not disclose the nature of thla In
formation. It is understood that several
private detectives will be put on the case
by the friends of the suspected women.
Detectives Coleman and Taylor are still
trying to find some trace of the purchase
of arsenic at a drug store by some of the
parties supposed to be implicated in the
murder.
The Coroner's Inquest will be held at
10 o'clock this morning' at the Morgue
Mrs. Sutton, Mrs. Bowers, Lervey, Cun
ningham and ill of 'the important wit
nesses in the case will give their testi
mony. The Coroner, with the possible
assistance of District Attorney Byington,
will examine all of those whd may have
anything of importance to tell.
The jury will consist of W. E. Hanson,
236 Montgomery street; Walter Knight,
334 Sacramento street; F. A. Zane, 2324
Clay street; Roger D. Magee. Marin
County; H. A. Walsh, 073 Post 3treet;
Thomas Gilbert, Berkeley; F. R. Bur
rows, 711 Taylor street; J. F. Walters,
1172 Haight street; J. B. Brooks, 23S Mont
gomery street; E. L. Fitzgerald, 207 Post
street; A. S. Holman, 1242 California
street; J. Danziger, 606 Clay street.
Professor Green and Chemist Morgan
reported to the Coroner yesterday that
they had found more than four grains of
arsenic in the dead man's stomach. They
are now analyzing the medicines taken
from the Bowers house.
The District Attorney stated yesterday
that he thought he should question John
Cunningham again to ascertain why he
attempted to show that he was the friend
of Bowers instead of admitting that he
v was intimate with Mrs. Sutton.
The Chief of Police and the District At
torney are confident that the ham pur
chased at Goetjen's grocery was poisoned
with arsenic by Mrs. Bowers. They do
not believed that she was sick, too, as she
has stated. Both say that they feel that
they have enough evidence to secure a
conviction although the detectives are
still searching for corroborative circum
stances. Charles True has told the Chief
of Police that he was present when the
bridge builder's watch was given to Cun
ningham and that the circumstances were
as told by Mrs. Bowers.
A. B. Loomis of ¦ Portland, Ore., a
nephew of the suspected woman, arrived
in San Francisco yesterday and visited
his aunts in the city prison. He says
he will remain here until after the pros
pective trial.
TELL STORY TO-DAY.
Mrs. Harry Bowers stated last night
that she had seen her sister-in-law, give
the sicR man some white powder. She
did not know what it was at the time. She
says that she has heard that arsenic
comes in that form. The chemists found
that the arsenic in the dead man's stom
ach was arsenlous acid. This poison is
a white powder.
None of the attendants in the saloons
In which Mrs. Bowers was in the habit
of drinking in company .with Lervey wilf
say that they ever heard any conversa
tion in regard to the poisoned bridge
builder. Lervey and the woman were
quite affectionate and she generally paid
for. the drinks.
SAW SOME WHITE POWDER.
The statements of Mrs. Bowers and
Lervey in regard to what happened that
night are somewhat conflicting, although
both deny that there was a fight. Ler
vey has told so many falsehoods that it
was no surprise yesterday to learn that
he could play cards and that he could
read his own name on the laundry bun
dles which were left for him at Follis'
saloon. . '
The police have come to the conclusion
that the whole truth has not yet been
told in regard to the meeting between
Patrick Lervey and Martin Bowers when
the latter arrived home unexpectedly
from- Mare Island and found the former
visiting Mrs. Bowers. The woman, Ler
vey and Mrs. McCallum of Portland, Or.,
all agree that there was no serious trou
ble. The neighbors assert that there was.
Saloon-keeper Follis has come forward
with the information that Bowers was
informed" by Harry Walsh that Mrs.
Bowers was keeping company with Ler
vey. Bowers immediately left, his work
on Friday night and came home to find
Lervey at the house. The evidence is
conflicting as to what followed. Some
say Bowers did not show his displeasure
and other say that there was a fight be
tween the two men.
The next day Bowers partook of the
ham from Goetjen's grocery and fell into
an illness from which he never recovered. '
Immediately after his death Lervey went
to the Bowers house and remained there
until the day of his arrest. The police
feel that a knowledge of the events fol
lowing this meeting of the two men will
go far to solve the problem of Bowers'
taking oflf-
Nathan Cahn > the bereaved husband,
who is twenty ' years his wife's senior,
wa3 prostrated by the shock, and the at
tending physicians fear that he may not
recover. Last nisht he was reported to
be in a critical' condition.
H*er brother, Joseph M. "Willard, said
that his sister had absolutely no cause
for taking her life. "She was rich, adored
by her husband, family and friends and
of an exceedingly happy disposition,"
said he.
To My "Beloved Nathan: You ha<T reason, my
well beloved, to find me so much changed these
last few days. Forelve me, my dear Nathan,
the great grief whfch I cause thee and em
brace very tenderly all my own. Adieu. A
thousand kisses from thy SEPHORE.
Mrs. Cahn was born in France forty
eight years ago and had been married
twenty-three years. No cause beyond
mental derangement can account for the
act. She had a beautiful home, a de
voted husband and a large circle of lov
ing friends > and had never indicated in
any way that she was dissatisfied with
life. 'She attended a meeting of the
French Society Wednesday afternoon and
passed the evenins at the residence of
her brother, Joseph M. Willard, at 1S20
Pine street. At both places she seemed
to be in the best of spirits.
After her death a note written by her
in French was found, of which the follow
ing is a translation:
Investigation showed that she had se
cured an old revolver which had been
around the house for years and, seek
ing the closet, had pressed the muzzle
of the weapon to her left breast and
fired. The bullet went through the body,
and struck the wainscoating behind
her. Underneath the body the re
volver was found. Mr. Martin no
tified the Coroner and Deputy Brown
made an investigation. At the request
of the bereaved family permission was
given to keep the body at. the house.
Mr. Cahn ate his breakfast alone, Mrs.
Cahn remaining in her apartments. He was
in a room in the front part of the house
when the attention of himself ami Marie
Hinard, one of the servants, was attracted
by the noise of a shot. The servant
rushed to a. Jsroom closet whence the
sound had issued and found the body of
her mistress lying face downward on the
floor, her garments stained with blood.
She called Dr. W. A. Martin, who resides
next door. When he arrived the unfort
unate woman was gasping in the throes
of death.
Evidently suffering from a sudden fit
of mental Mrs. Sephore Cahn.
wife of Nathan Cahn, a. wealthy retired
dry Koods merchant living at 880 Fell
street, shot herself through the heart at
8:40 o'clock yesterday morning and died
almost instantly. |
Many Persons Will Testify
at This Morning's
Inquest^.
Mrs. Nathan Cahn Found
Dying in a Closet by a
Servant.
Temporary Aberration
of Mind Drives Her
to Suicide.
Little Faith Placed in
Stories of Bowers
Suspects.
POLICE BELIEVE
MEN HAD FIGHT
WEALTHY WOMAN
TAKES HER LIFE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FBIDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1903.
Aged Mrs. Pertsch Dickers About the Price
of Her Cremation, Pays the Bill/Leaves
a Bribe for the Coroner and Expires
WOMAN ARRANGES HER FUNERAL
AND THEN ENDS HER EXISTENCE
Harmonie Singing Society to Hold Three Days' Outing in
: the Santa Cruz Mountains and Many Pleasures Are
Anticipated by Members Who Are Preparing to Attend
WILL MAKE THE MOUNTAINS RESOUND
WITH MELODIES OF THE FATHERLAND
AGED WOMAN WHO ARRANGED
FOR CREMATION OF HER RE
MAINS, THEN KILLED HERSELF.
14
OCEAN CLAIMS
YOUNG STUDENT
POLICE HUNTING
FOR EVIDENCE
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
Itching, Burning Palms,
Painful Finger Ends,
With Brittle, Shapeless,
Discolored Nails,
As Well as Roughness and
D_rfn_oo
nCUHGoOi
One Night Treafment with Gutl-
cura, the Great Skin Cure.
Soak the hands on retiring in a strong,
bot, creamy lather of Cuticura Soap.
Dry. and anoint freely with Cuticura
Ointment, the great skin cure and purest .
of emollients. Wear, daring the night,
old, loose kid gloves, or bandage lightly
In old, soft cotton or linen. ¦ For red,
rough and chapped hands, dry, fissured,
itching, feverish palms, "with brittle,'
shapeless nails and painful finger ends,
this treatment is simply wonderful, fre-
quently, curing in a single application.
Complete local and constitutional
treatment for every hnmonr of- the
skin; scalp and blood, with loss of hair,
may now be hid for one dollar. Bathe
with hot water and- Cuticura Soap, to
cleanse the surface of crusts and scales,
and soften the thickened cuticle. Dry,
•without hard rubbing, and apply Cuti-
cura Ointment freely, to allay Itching,
Irritation and inflammation, and soothe
and heal," and lastly, take the Cuticura
Resolvent, to cool and cleanse the blood.
This treatment affords instant relief,
permits rest and sleep in the severest
forms of Eczema and. other itching,
burning and scaly . humours, and points
to a speedy, permanent and economical
cure of torturing, disfiguring humours,
from pimples to Scrofula, from infancy
to age, when all other remedies and the
best physicians fail. .
Sold throughout the world. Cntlcnm Resolvent. .W;. (In
form of Chocolate Coated Pills, Via. per rial of ao>. Oint-
ment. BOc., Scap, 3Sc Depot*: London. 27 Cturterhoute
Bq-t Ptrii, 5 Ku« it la Falxi Botton, 137 Columbus Are.
Potter Drag ft Cbroa. Corp., Scle Proprietor*.
Kf Send lot " How to Cun Etctt Humour •*
ABVEBTISEMENTS. • •
| | . ; . _____
ROOS BROS.
have just received and have on ex-
\ hibition at their store and in their
J show windows the latest Fall
i Fashions in Men's Shirts, including
s the new £rays in many novel
; designs.
i '
, KEARNY, at POST.
¦— — -_»_iiiijiiw.jii'affW-H -aB_^MF_az_g_n__BB___^B___*__M__— __-—
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i ¦¦¦-¦'
FRIDAY, SATURDAY AND TUESDAY
We Labor Hard to Make Prices Easy.
GOOD SOUND EGGS. DOZ. 25c.
Best Flour, 50-lb sacks $1.10
Usually $1.25. One limit. Purity Brand.
' GRAPE NUTS. 15c PKGS. 10c.
Stockton Best Potatoes, sack $1.45
115 pounds each. Nice, large and clean.
"We. have some boiled to look at or sample.
FAVORITE MUSH, 10c PKGS. 6c. ~~
j Best Butter, large sqs 38c
Sold all over town at 5>>c.
Taste It, smell it. Kresh Friday.
MASON JARS, QUARTS lie.
Best Laundry Soap, 7 bars 25c
Full weight, better than Babbitt's. .Usually 5c
BEST LUNCH TONGUE, 35c CAN 25c.
Olive Oil, Pure Lucca, qt. bot. 49c
Imported by R. Boldocchl. Usually 65c.
GHIRARDELUS COCOA. CAN~2OcI
Washing Powder, 2 boxes 9c
2 lbs. Swift's. Makes washing easy,
AVILSON ¦WHISKEY. $1 25 BOTTLE 83c.
Kona Coffee, genuine, 2 lbs 35c
Good 3trons coffee. Jterular 25c.
BAKED DEANS WITH SAUCE, LB. CAN* 5c!
Fragrant Teas, new, " Ib 38c
Uncolored Japan. Green. Enjrilsh Breakfast.
Oolong or Mixed. Tea store price, 6Oc.
FANCY RIPE OLIVES, QUART 23c.
Port or Sherry, • gal. 88c
"Eisen" Vineyard; 6 years old. mrllow wines.
BEST HAMS. POUND 15c.
Table Claret, XXX, ~gaUOc
5 years old, smooth, rich <».n^T.-woith COc.
DOMESTIC PORTER, DOZEN 0Oc~
raEIOHT PAID 10O M1I.ES.
1001 FILLMOlfe ST. 119 TAYLOR ST.
HdikdPt Ointment accomplishes aston-
ishing cures of si: la diseases, after the moat
powerful Internal remedies have fatitd.
Alter twthlns the part with HeUleU't Soap
use MeitkeU's Ointment and It will quickly
remove all Bloti bes. Pimples, Kruptlons
and Sores. Curw Tetter. Erysipelas Halt
Kneum. t«cald Head, Itch, Ringworms,
| Ulcers. Pi:es, Carter's Itch ; relieves and
' beals Burns end Scalds. Makes th« skta
j soft and beautiful. Prescribed by phy*
3 BlcUnw for half acenttirv. At druggists 50a.
H Send for Ires koofc of testimonials. ,
I iOUNsTOS, HOLLO WAT * CO., rVUtftlphla.
EVER^BLADEBRRANTED