SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1903.
VOI/CME XCIV— XO. 164.
STATE EXECUTIVE WHOSE
ACT HAS GIVEN EMPLOY
MENT TO THOUSANDS. >
STATESMEN WHO ARE TAK
ING PART IN THE PANAMA
DEVELOPMENTS. ;h ' v
The concerns of Sutter Brothers and
Crump Brothers were Intimately connect
ed In business dealings, and the failure of
the former injured the credit of the latter
to such an extent that It was deemed ad
visable to turn the property over to the
care of the United States District Court,
so that all creditors might be treated
alike. The liabilities of the firm are es
timated at $225,000 and the assets at 1150..
000, though the latter are said to be worth
nominally more than the debts.
Montana, and the fact that thousands of
Idle men will be« permitted ' to . return to
work. -¦**•*;
. Sc a»<?n' .in his interview to-night, said :
\ "The Amalgamated Company is willing
to trust 1U case with the legislators of
the State and there Is not the slightes't
desire on the part of the company to
make anyone suffer, therefore, we' will
open up at once, without Waiting until
December 1 or after to see what the
legislators will- do. All we ask is fair
play. 1 *
CHICAGO, Nov. 10.— Another large leaf
tobacco concern, that of Crump Brothers,
was forced Into the bankruptcy court to
day. The firm has had a large trade in
leaf tobacco for ten years, and Its failure,
like that of Sutter Brothers, caused sur
prise among business men.
Creditors.
Crump Brothers of .Chicago Hake an
Assignment for Benefit of Their
LABGE TOBACCO CONCERN"
. FORCED INTO -INSOLVENCY
The resumption of the Amalgamated
properties means the return to work of
approximately 20,000 men and the avert
ing of an Industrial crisis In Montana,
as the Amalgamated Company operates
in at least six . different counties. In
Butte alone it restores a payroll of about
$25,000 a day. Seven thousand men. will
resume work In Butte to-morrow morning.
Governor Toole. In his proclamation,
disclaims any reflection upon the • integ
rity of the Judiciary of the State and
says his call for an extra session is
solely in response to the formidable re
quests presented to him by the people of
The Governor's action followed the pre
sentation of petitions to him { from prac
tically every labor organization and busi
ness man in the State of Montana, asking
that an extra session be called that legis
lation remedial of the . present state of
affairs be enacted.
y, ™ST J 1 " Wlth a "atcment made
by William Scallon. president of the Ana
conda Mining Company and tne represen
tative of the Amalgamated Copper Com
pany In Montana, to the Butte Miners'
Lnion. that if Governor Toole would
summon the legislators in special .session
with a view of the enactment of a "fair
trial" bill, which provides for the re
moval of any case from any Judge where
bias and prejudice are shown, the Amal
gamated would at once resume operations
In. Montana, John Gillie, superintendent
of the Amalgamated properties In Butte,
Issued the order this afternoon for • all
the mines to open upon the receipt of
news from Helena that the Governor had
ordered an extra session to convene on
December L '
BUTTE. Mont. Nov. lO.-The news that
Governor Toole had called an extra ses
sion for December 1 was received at 2 50
o clock and at 3 o'clock whistles were
blowing at several cf the mines and flags
were being hoisted. ' - '
Amalgamated Company at Once Or
ders Reopening of Mines. *
WILD BEJOICINO Df BTJTTE.
ADEN. Arabia, Nov: 10.— Eight British
infantrymen and one Sepoy were wound
ed in the engagement with a tribe which
recently\ took j place in the Aden hinter
land. The tribe's loss was heavy, the
killed Including the chief's son.
CAPE TOWN, Cape Colony, Nov. 10.—
The . Germans at Scuytdrif t, . fifty-flve
miles east of Warmbad, German South
west Africa, are momentarily, expecting
an' attack from the rebels. Their Hot
tentot servants have fled. . .
KENHARDT. Cape Colony, Monday,
Nov. 9.— Hottentot rebels numbering about
1500 men are approaching the border. Po
lice have been dispatched to the scene,
the volunteers having been called out and
severe fighting is expected.
Gape Colony Set
tlers Prepare
for War.
HOTTENTOT
REBELS NEAR
THE BRODER
NEW YORK, Nov. 10.— The marriage of
Hiss May Goelet, only daughter of Mrs.
Ogflen Goelet and one of the richest of
American heiresses, to Henry John Innes-
Ker. eighth Duke of Roxburghe, was sol
erarlzed to-day in St. Thomas Church in
this city. Bisbcp William Croswell Doane
of Albany, insisted by the Rev. Ernest
M. Stires of St. Thomas Church, per
formed the ceremony. A company of I'M
quests — a small number for an interna
tional marriage cf such importance—wit
nessed the ceremony, but masses of
palms, 6hrubs and flowers banked the
church bo effectively that the great nave
seemed far from empty. In the chancel
ltsctf, where the ceremony took place,
palm5, Japanese chrysanthemums and
English primroses were combined in an
artistic color scheme, with which the or
chids on tha pulpit ar.d the lilies about
the altar toned beautifully.
Forming In the outer vestibule of the
church, the bridal party proceeded down
the aisle to the chancel steps, the bride
en the arm. of her brother. Robert Goelet.
She was gowned In white satin, veiled
with pcint Valenciennes lace and trimmed
with wreaths of orange blossoms. Her
\f'A was of tulle and she carried an old
fashioned bouquet cf lilies of th» valley.
ATTENDANTS OF BBIDE.
The n-aid of honor. Miss Beatrice Mills,
end tho other bridesmaids. Lady Isabel
Innes-Ker, Miss Martha Johnston, Miss
illice Babcock. Miss Marian Haven, Miss
Therese Ise-lin, Hiss Nina Thayer of Bos
lin and Miss Pauline Whittier, wore
gowr.s of pink mousseline de soje of the
quaint and effective Louis XVI period,
embroidered with ecru lace, tcques of pink
velvet trimmed with lace and sable, and
carried, in place cf bouquets, muffs of
pink velvet and s«.ble. The ushers, Hugo
Barlr.g, Howard Brassey, Robert Whar
tcn Goelet, Rogers Wir.throp, Henry Bull
end William Woodward, did not precede
the bridal party, as customary, but were
seated before the bride entered.
At the chancel steps the bride was met
by the Duke and his best man, the Hon.
Reginald Ward, son of the late Earl of
Dudley, and the betrothal service of the
Protestant Episcopal church was read by
Hr. Stlres. The party then advanced to
the altar rail, where the Episcopal mar
riage ceremony was eaid by Bishop
Doane.
Afterwacd the Duke and Duchess went
to the heme of Mrs. Ogden Goeiet on
Fifth avenue, where an informal recep
tion, to which or.ly a part cf the wedding
guests were bidden, v.as held.
The Duke and Duchess left the Goelet
residence In a carriage, to which at the
last moment a long white streamer was
attached by the ushers, and drove to the
Grand Central station, where they en
tered a private car attached to the 5
o'clock express for Newport.
HOB BLOCKS THE STREET.
Fifth avenue In the vicinity of the
church was the scene of extreme disorder,
unparalleled at any of the previous wed
dings in New York. From the church to
the Goelet residence, a distance of five
blocks, the avenue contained a surging
mob cumbering fully 10,000 persons, most
ly women, whom a force of 2000 policemen
were powerless to hold back.
Before the service began several promi
r.ent women gained entrance to the
church and seated themselves In the gal
leries, from which they were forcibly dis
lodged by a squad cf police a few min
utes before the arrival of the trifle.
When the carriage containing the
bride-to-be and her brother, Robert Goe
let, reared the church it was surrounded
Ly women, who 6topped the horses and. in
their efforts to 6ee the bride, clung to the
carriage^ some of them getting on the
steps and thrusting their heads into the
cpen windows. Goelet called to the police,
but It was some moments before the half
<!czcn policemen who rushed to the rescue
were able to drive the curious women
back and enable the carriage to proceed.
CEAWL UNDER CANOPY.
When the carriage of Mr. and Mrs. Cor
nelius Vanfierbilt, which was just ahead
cf the bride, reached the canopy leading
from the curb to the church the crowd
of women .banked up twenty-five feet
<leej> on cither side," rushed frantically
forward, carrying the solid lines of po
licemen with them, and for a moment
blocked the entrance. They were forced
back, only to rush forward again when
the bride's carriage drew up. By this
time policemen from other points had
been collected there, but in spite of them
a croup of a half dozen women stooped
down and lifted the canvas of the canopy
end crawled part way under. They crawl
ed to their positions, notwithstanding all
the efforts of the police to pull them
away, and several of them managed to
keep their heads under the canvas until
The works of the Amalgamated Copper
Company will at once resume operations
in various parts of the State. This in
cludes the great mines in Butte, the
emelters of the Washoe Companj%in Ana
conda, the largest In the world; the smelt
ers of the Boston and Montana Company
in Great Falls, also vast in their capac
ity; the coal mines at Stoors, Belt, Oak
da]© and In Wyoming; the great, quarries
in Northern Montana and the" Immense
lumbering industries in Western and
Northwestern Montana.
Probably more than 15,000 men will be
employed directly in the propertiesof the
Amalgamated, and as many more will be
given employment in the way of furnish
ing supplies and the like.
Upon this announcement by Judge Clan
cy. President William Scallon of the Ana
conda Copper Mining Company and gen
eral manager of the Amalgamated issued
orders to shut down all of the Amalga
mated properties In Montana and else
where.
1 at Helena. The purpose
of the session Is to pass laws that will
relieve the Industrial condition in Mon
tana, where by the shutting down of the
Amalgamated Company's properties 15,000
men are directly thrown out of work, 15,
0C0 more affected and the whole State is
suffering from the suspension of work.
Recently in Butte Judge William Clancy
of the District Court gave a decision in
which he said that he might appoint a
receiver at any time for the Boston and
Montana Company, one of the largest con
stituent companies of the Amalgamated.
The decision was made on the application
of John MacGlnnlss, a prominent holder
of stock in the companies controlled by
F. August Heinze and the Montana Pur
chasing Company, which has been at war
with the Amalgamated for years.
yr y ELENA, Mont., Nov. 10.-
M mmmm j3 Governor Toole late this
Kf ffj afternoon called a special
H & session of the State Legls-
ML JBL lature to meet on December
Toole Calls the Legis
lature Into Extra
Session.
Thousands of Curious Per
sons Battle for Glimpse
of Couple.
Riotous Scene at the
Roxburghe-Goelet
Wedding.
Women Struggle
With Gotham's
Police.
MOB FIGHTS
TO SEE DUKE
AND BRIDE
COLOMBIAN TROOPS
MA Y EMBARK, BUT
NOT FOR PANAMA
MONTANA GOVERNOR
TAKES A CTION THAT
REOPENS THE MINES
GERMAN
MARINES
LANDING
Battle Rap in
Domingo.
Tars Disemt)ark_Jo
Protect Lives of
Foreigners.
Dominican Cruiser Fires
Upon Clyde Line Steam-
snip Cberokee.
NewOrders to Amer
ican Warships at
the Isthmus.
Steam Launch Cap-,
tures Town for Pan
ama Republic.
returned here and the officers
report that the place was captured and
the flag hoisted without a shot having
been fired. No difficulties whatever were
encountered. The -majority of the offi
cials of the Bocas del Toro are natives of
Panama and they expressed themselves
as rejoiced at the course affairs had taken
on the Isthmus. There were only a. few
found who were dissatisfied. :
"The provisional government of Panama
has received a telegram from' President
Marrowquin of the republic of Colombia,
giving assurances that; the Panama canal
bill would most certainly pass Congress
next August and that General Reyes was
on his way to the isthmus to make pro
posals looking to peace and the saving of
the national honor. The provisional gov
ernment has sent, a letter to General
Reyes, .which will reach him on his ar
rival at Savinalla, advising' that^lt is use
less for him to come to Panama, as his
mission is a hopeless one.
The cruiser Atlanta has Just arrived
from her cruise along the coast
j^^& OLON, Nov. 10.— The steam
0 launch sent to Bccas del Toro
j» . on Thursday last to capture
yfc^Lrf/ that P Ia ce in the name of the
new republic of Panama has
i According to the strict requirements of
the protocol governing the recognition of
a new sovereignty, a formal letter must
be addressed by the new .Government to
France and the other powers notifying
them that it is completely established.'
The. official response to this letter will
constitute a. formal recognition. The for
malities may be carried on by mail later
but the Instructions to the Consul are
The instructions forwarded by Foreign
Minister Delcasse to the French Consul
in Panama authorized him to have rela
tions with the new Government. The In
structions are substantially the same as
those sent from Washington to the
United States Consul in Panama andwill
have the effect of giving the same recog
nition "of the new regime as the United
States has already given. Formal recog
nition i will follow later, when the new
Government is , fully organized, but the
instructions of the Consul definitely es
tablish the attitude of France toward the
new republic. The action of Delcasse Is
not yet publicly known.
PARIS. Nov. 10.— The French Govern
ment has recoenized tne de facto Gov
ernment of the republic of Panama. :
Will Deal With the De Facto Govern
ment in Panama.
FRANCE GIVES RECOGNITION.
Special Dispatch to The Call. x
•nr ASHINGTOX, Nov. 10.—
h| JhJ m The orders- Issued by
U /I / the Navy Department to
m^ l^r prevent Colombian
j j troops embarking • for
isthmian ports were
changed to-day as the result of a con
clusion reached at the regular meeting
of the President and his Cabinet that
such prevention would be an act of war
against Colombia. In consequence the
naval commanders in isthmian waters
were notified to use only moral suasion
to induce the Colombian troops not to
start for the isthmus,. Should an . at
tempt to land them at either. Panama or
Colon be made, however, the naval com
manders will have full authority to go
to extremes.
News came to the State Department
yesterday that two British merchant
steamers, one the Quito and the other
the Mindanao, or a name similar to that,
were to be used by the Colombian Gov
ernment to carry troops to the isthmus
from Buena Ventura, the nearest Pacific
port to Bogota. Orders were according
ly sent to Commander Dlehl of the
cruiser Boston to go to Buena Ventura
and warn the British ships and the com
mander of the troops to be embarked
that the vessels could .not leave port
with the troops aboard. These orders
were sent last night or this morning. As
changed to-day they provide that the
commander of the Colombian troops
about to embark at Buena Ventura and
the masters of the merchantmen shall be
warned that they will not be permitted
to land soldiers at any isthmian port
Those responsible for the changed or
ders heid that while the United States
Government was legally i empowered to
suppress any attempt that would lead to
disorder or bloodshed on the isthmus, it
had no authority toj enter Colombian
ports outside the Isthmus for the purpose
of preventing the embarkation of troops.
The American war vessel sent to give
the warning will stay with the merchant
men if ttfey persist in going to the
isthmus, so as to be close at hand if any
attempt to land soldiers is made.
The Navy Department is advised that
Rear Admiral Glass, commanding the Pa
cific station, arrived at Panama thl3
morning with the cruiser Marblehead and
the gunboat Concord, having made a
quick run from Acapulco. Their consort,
the monitor Wyoming, was" not able to
keep up with the vessels and will, prob
ably not" reach Panama before Thursday.
By.virtue of his rank Admiral Glass will
have ' supreme : command over ¦ the naval
forces in the vicinity of Panama.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
SAN DOMINGO, Nov. 9
(Delayed). — While this dispatch
is beingsentthe insurgents are con
tinuing their attack on the city,
which began on Friday night.
The. firing is now heavy.
The German cruiser Gazelle ar
rived to-day and. is landing ma
rines. The German cruiser Pan
thecjrrived:Here-o«-Sunday. -No
other foreign war vessels are here.
During all Saturday night the
insurgents attacked ,the city with
small arms and also delivered a
rather heavy shell fire. The Gov
ernment, however, succeeded in
repelling the rebels, though with
considerable loss. . The losses of
the revolutionists were slight.
Some foreign non-combatants
were killed.
During an attack on Sunday
afternoon an insurgent shell
passed within three- feet of Powell,
the American Minister, at the le
gation.
A sortie was made by 140 Gov
ernment troops, but they were am
bushed and compelled to retire
within the walls, leaving", their
dead and wounded on the field.
Early Sunday night there was
another heavy attack, but the
rebels were again repulsed. . The
losses are unknown.
Several shells exploded in the
city this morning.
The Dominican cruiser Presi
dente has arrived here, leaving the
so-called blockaded ports open to
navigation. The anti-American
feeling is intense. . #
SAN DOMINGO, Nov. 7
(Delayed.)— On Monday, No
vember 2, the Clyde Line steam
ship Cherokee was fired upon by
the Dominican cruiser Presidente
while running the blockade of
Samana. She returned to the
capital. The United States cruiser
Baltimore reported to Minister
Powell at the capital and three
hours later left to convey the
Cherokee. .
On Tuesday . Govern
ment forces prevented the German
steamship Athenes delivering her
cargo at^facoris," Samana, San
chez,^Puerto Plata and Monte
Christi and she returned with her
cargo to St. Thomas. The Ger
man Con sill requested his Govern
ment to order a man-of-war to the
capital. ...',,
At midnight, November. 6, i all
wires were cut;- *}The/revolution
ists' made fiveVassauIts ) between 8
CANAL COMMISSION STARTS.
Panama Agents En ; Route to Wash
ington to Negotiate Treaty. .'.
PANAMA, Nov. 10.— Dr. Manuel Ama
dor, Frederlco Boyd and Carlos Constan
tin Afosamana left to-day for Washing
ton on * instructions ' from the Provisional
Government to ' negotiate a canal treaty
"with the" Government of the United States.
Dr. Araador is 70 years of age, yet it was
largely owing to his daring and great en
ergy "that w the' independence; of the isth
mus .was proclaimed , on November 3.'
Continued on Page 7, Column 3.
BERLIN, Nov. 10. — Five Socialists
have been arrested at Koenlgsboro and
Mexnel, Prussia, on the charge of be
longing to forbidden societies. The po
lice seized revolutionary papers, and
also an extensive correspondence with
Russians,
Prussian Socialists Are Arrested.
VANCOUVER, B. . C, Nov. 10.— The
steamer Alice narrowly escaped founder
ing yesterday while crossing the Gulf of
Georgia In a storm with a barge In tow.
The Alice encountered such a high sea
that she was obliged to cut away from
her tow and the latter went ashore to be
dashed to pieces on the rocks of Texada
Island.
Escape on Gulf of
Georgia.
Vessel 'With a Tow Has Narrow
SEAS SWEEP STEADIER
A2TC> BAEGE IS LOST
Hubbard & Burgess, a leading law firm.
were engaged and a series of sensational
legal suits will follow.
As the light went out the woman tore
away the shutter, and. dropping to the
ground, ran until exhausted. She spent
that night and the next in the woods,
sleeping on the ground. She finally
reached Elk Point, where she raised
enough money to buy a railroad ticket' to
Sioux City, where she found employment
as a waitress. '.; .'.¦
Mrs. Whitney told her story to friends
and they helped her. To-day Lien, who
two years ago was the Democratic can
didate for Governor of South Dakota and
who Is one of the wealthiest men In that
State, and several other prominent South
Dakota men gathered here heard her
story and decided that the evidence sus
tained her claims that she' had been
grossly imposed upon. She said her
mother and sister had her Incarcerated
as insana because she believed in clair
voyance.
In the moment of darkness the prisoner
made her escape. The grounds were pa
trolled by guards, but with great care she
managed to loosen the shutter screws,
leaving the frame in Its place.
DROPS FROM THE WINDOW.
She concluded that she must take
French leave of the institution, that was
practically a prison. The buildings wero
guarded and the windows barred by heavy
gratings. Mrs. Whitney calculated that
she must conduct herself as a model pris
oner. In a short time she knew the
routine of the institution perfectly and
was ready to escape.
The. heavy Bhutters of her first floor
window were fastened by screws. Wait
ing till Bi night when there would be no
moon, she took from the dining-room a
spoon. Secreting it till she reached her
room, she succeeded In removing the
screws that fastened the heavy shutters.
She knew that at a certain moment tho
electrical current which maintained the
incandescent lights was turned off for a
brief space. The current had to bo
switched from a dynamo to a storage bat
tery.
Her mind might have given way but
for her concern about her boy, who, hav
ing lost his father, was the pride of tha
devoted mother. "When she was sent to
the asylum the little fellow was sent to
an orphanage, which she has been unable
to locate. But this determined her to es
cape.
SIOUX CITT. la., Nov. 10.— Escaping
from the South Dakota Insane Apylum at
Yankton. where she had been confined, as
she believes, because of a conspiracy;
¦wandering two nights through the Mis
souri River bottom lands, almost starved,
not daring to be seen; pawning her wed
ding ring for money to stop at a hotel and
buy a ticket to Sioux City; now holding a
good position In this city and enlisting her
Influential South Dakota friends to find
her little boy, who has been taken from
her— such Is the story of Mrs. Mabel
"Whitney, formerly a teacher In the South
Dakota School for the Blind at Gary.
Mrs. Whitney, a bright young woman of
30. to-day told her story to B. H. Lien of
Sioux Falls, a member of the Board of
Charities when Mrs. "Whitney was at
Gary. He and other prominent South Da
kotans pledged themselves to help the
plucky woman.
Mrs. "Whitney, leaving the school at
Gary, went to Sioux Falls and engaged in
teaching music. She and her mother had
disagreements, which may. have been re
sponsible for Mrs. "Whitney's troubles, -..t
any rate Mrs. "Whitney was .committed to
the asylum at Yankton. She tried to In
duce the. authorities to give her an exami
nation by skilled alienists. In thta she
failed.
LOVE SAVES HER SEASON.
Special Diap%tc& to The Call.
Prominent Men Will Aid in
Prosecution of Her
Persecutors.
Undergoes Awful Suf
fering in Dash for
Freedom,
Reveals Details of
Atrocious Con-;
spiracy. x
SANE WOMAN
BREAKS FROM
AN ASYLUM
Continued on Page 2, Column 1.
Continued on Page 2, Column 1..
The San Francisco Call
i — ¦•— .• ¦-
Alcarar — "The Private Secre
tary."
California— Herrmann the Great.
Central — "Uncle Tom's Cabin."
Columbia — "The Storks."
Fischer's — "Babes and Boses."
Grand Opera-Honse— "Ben Hnr."
Orpheiun— Vaudeville.
The Chutes — Vaudeville.
Tivoli — Grand Opera. --^
: s 't
THE WEATKEB,
T orecawt" mtlt at San Fran
cisco" Xcr ttirty tour* eadlajr
midnight. ZTovemfeer 11:
San Francisco anl vidalty—
Cicnfly Wednesday, with, rain;
lifirit ncrth winds, cnandnr to
brisk southeasterly.
A. a. SffcADIE,
. District Forecaster.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.SENATOR WHO WILL SELECT COMMITTEE ON 'RULES, ITS PROB
ABLE CHAIRMAN AND STATESMAN WHO WILL LOSE HIS PLACE
AS HEAD OF THE CANAL COMMITTEE.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10.— To-day's ses
sion of the Senate was devoted exclu
sively to the reading of the President's
message In support of reciprocity with
Cuba and to the routine incident to the
receipt of the message. The attendance
of Senators was exceptionally large and
many appeared with great rolls of freshly
prepared bills.
The message received the careful att
tentlon of the Senators, and when its
reading had been finished Cullom of Illi
nois was recognized to move the refer
ence to the Committee on Foreign Rela
tions of the message and the Cuban
treaty,, the text of which had been trans
mitted with the message. This motion
prevailed, and it had no sooner been dis
posed of than, upon motion of Allison,
the Senate adjourned.
Tho Foreign Relations Committee of the
Senate will hold Its first meeting to-mor
row to take up the Cuban treaty and to
define the policy of the majority in rela
tion to the new republic of Panama.
Chairman Cullom says the resolutions in
troduced by Ilitt of Illinois, and adopted
by the House yesterday, calling upon
the President for documents bearing on
the revolt in Panama, shows that Con
gress desires full Information concerning
SENATE'S SESSION IS BRIEF.
Message From White House Is Re
ferred to Committee.
Senator Allison to-morrow. Senator Hale,
it i3 expected, will be named as chair
main. It is likely . a week will be con
sumed by the committee in deliberations.
The chairman in the meantime will meet
with the chairman of the Democratic
steering committee, with a view of diplo
matically disposing of the question of
making the change In the Committee on
Interoceanic Canals, so. that it will be
presided over by a Republican. The
Democratic sfeering committee, it Is said,
recognizes the propriety of making this
change and will aid in bringing it about
by selecting Senator Morgan for the
chairmanship of one of the minor com
mittees.
. CHICAGO. Nov. 10.— The report that Julia
Marlowe ia . to retire from . the stage at the
cloee of her • present . Chicago - engagement ia
untrue.
WASHINGTON, Nov. io'.— Eight hun
dred and nineteen bills were Introduced
In; the House: yesterday, of which 115
were public and the remainder measures
for the benefit of Individuals.
The. bills Introduced to-day Include the
following:
By Jones of "Washington, Increasing the du
ties 10 per cent on imports brought to the
United States in foreUn shlDS.
By Loverlng of Massachusetts, providing a
retired list In the life-saving service, and a
Joint resolution for a - constitutional amend
ment giving Congress power to regulate the
hours of labor. • ¦.-.-¦
By: Watson of Indiana, prescribing an age
limit and an educational test for Immigrants.
duced on First Day.
More Than Eight Hundred Intro-
BILLS IN THE HOUSE.
NEWARK. Ohio, Nov. 10.— Harry J. Hoover,
former cashier of the People's National Bank
of this city, waa placed under arrest to-night
by a deputy United State* marshal on a war
rant charging: him with having made a false
entry In the books of the bank.
NEW YORK, Nov. 10.— It was an
nounced to-day that Homer Davenport,
the cartoonist, has resigned from th»
Journal and American and his resignation
had been accepted.
Cartoonist Resigns His Position.
SANTA CRUZ, Nov. 10— This afternoon
Raymond Scoroll, 7 years old, while on
his way home from school with compan
ions, ran In front of an electric car and
then tried to cross the track. A flat car
and motor car ran over him, crushing his
legs so that amputation below the ankles
was necessary. Four fingers of his left
hand were also crushed;
Child Crushed by a Car.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 10.— The board of di
rectors of the Louisiana Purchase Expo
sition to-day accepted the resignation of
James L. Blair as a member of the board
and Judge Franklin Ferris of the Circuit
Court of St. Louis waa elected to fill the
vacanacy. Judge Ferris was also elected
general counsel, which position has been
temporary filled by James A. Sesson.
Judge Ferris will retire from the bench
at once and enter upon hla new duties.
Besigns From Exposition Board.
the bride had passed up. A patrolman
caught one very well dressed woman by
one of her ankles ar.d dragged her along
the •walk, she BtU! clinging to the canvas
until Fhe was forced to loosen hrr hold.
Fhe was lifted up. smiling and satisfied—
ehe had seen the bride.
WOMEN" DESCEND COAL-HOLE.
On the Fifty-third street Bide of the
church fifteen well dressed women crawl
ed down into a coal hole leading under
the northwest chancel. They could not
eee anything, but they could hear what
was eoing: on above. Policemen had to 1
enter and drive them out.
Four hours after the ceremony Fifth
avenue waa still crowded with curious
women many of whom were laden with
spoils from the church decorations, for
aJfter the Invited guests had left the mob
crowded into the church and proceeded
to tear the flowers from the pew en
trances. In a few minutes they began
to break the leaves from the palms and
before they could be stopped the church
was despoiled of many of the floral dec
o rations.
East Lothian Celebrates.
DUNBAR, Scotland. Nov. lO.-East Lo
thian enjoyed a holiday to-day in honor
of the wedding: of the Duke of Roxburghe
and Miss May Goelet. Tho town was
decorated, the church bells pealed and
the inhabitants gathered at various
places. The town of Dunbar, near which
Is Roxburghe Park, one of the Duke's
seats, cabled Its congratulations to the
bridegroom.
To Cure a Cold in One Day.
Take La_xatlve Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If It fails to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature is on each box. 25c *
The foregoing consideration* caused the ne
gotiation of the treaty with Cuba and Its rat
ification by ths Senate. They now, with equal
force, support the legislation by the Congress,
\V« gave her liberty. We are knit to her by
the memories of the blood and the courage of
our soldiers who fought for her In war; by the
memories of the wisdom and Integrity of our
administrators who . saved her in peace - and
who started her so well, on the difficult path
of self-government. We must help her onward
and upward; and, in helping her, wo shall help
ourselves. ' • ' "
Cuba has made great progress since her in
dependence -vu.3 established. 8he haa ad
vanced steadily in every way. 8he already
stands high among ber elster republics of the
new world. ShJ is loyally observing her obli
gations to us, and she is entitled to like treat-'
rnent by us.
The treaty eubmltted to you for approval
secures to the United States economic advan
tages as great as those given to Cuba. Nat an
American interest is sacrificed by th« treaty.
A large Cuban market Is secured to our pro
ducers. It is a market which lies at our doors.
,which Is already large, which Is capable of '
great expansion and which is especially impor
tant to the development of our export trade.*
It. would be indeed short-sighted for us to re
fuse to take advantage of such opportunity
and to force Cuba into making arrangement*
with oth«r countries to our disadvantage. .
This reciprocity treaty stands by Itself. It
Is demanded en consideration of broad national
policy, as well as by our economic Interest; It
will do harm to. no industry; It will benefit
many Industries; It is In. the Interest of our
people as a whole, both because of Its impor
tance from the broad standpoint of Interna
tional policy and. because economically it inti
mately concerns us to develop and secure tha
rich Cuban market for our farmers, artisans,
merchants and manufacturers. Finally, It la'
desirable as a Guaranty of the good faith of
our nation toward our - young sister republic,
whose welfare must ever be closely bound with
ours.
ISLAND NATION'S PROGRESS.
Situated as Cuba is, it would not' bo pos
sible for this country to permit the strategics
abuse of the plan by any military power. It
is for this reason that certain limitations have
been imposed upon her financial policy and
that naval stations have been conceded by
her to the United States. Tho negotiations
as to the detal's of those naval stations- are
on the eve of completion. They are so situ
ated as to prevent any Idea that there is the
Intention ever to use them aealnst Cuba, or
otherwise than for the protection of Cuba
from the assaults of foreign foes and for the
better safeguarding of American Interests in
the waters south of us. These Interests have
been largely increased by the consequences of
the war with Spain and will be ctlll further
increased by the building of the Isthmian,
canal. They are both military «.nd economic.
The granting to us by Cuba of the naval
stations above alluded to is of the utmost
importance from a military standpoint and is
proof of the good faith with which Cuba is
treating us.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10.— The
joint committee of the Senate
and House appointed to notify
the President that Congress
was organized and ready to
receive any message he might have to
communicate to it, called at the White
House at 10:30 o'clock this morning to
perform its duty. After greeting the
members of the committee cordially tne
President informed them that he would
communicate with Congress very soon in
writing. Soon afterward the following
message was transmitted to both houses:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
I have convened the Congress, that it may con-
Elder the legislation necessary' to put into
operation the commercial treaty with Cuba,
which was ratified by the Senate at its last
Beselon and subsequently by the Cuban Gov
ernment. I deem such legislation demanded
not only by our interest, but by cur honor.
¦\Ve cannot with propriety abandon the course
upon which we have eo wisely embarked.
When the acceptance of the Platt amend
ment was required from Cuba by the action
Of the Congress of the United States this
Government thereby definitely committed Itself
to the policy of treattnc Cuba as occupying a
unique position as regards this country. It
was Drovidcd that when the island became a
free and independent republic she should stand
In such close relations with the United States
as in certain respects to come within our sys
tem of International policy; and it necessarily
followed that she must also, to a certain de
gree, become included within the lines of our
economic policy.
All of these nominations are original
appointments. In addition many reoess
appointments were sent to the Senate.
These Include Foreign Ministers, Consuls,
judicial, army and navy promotions, and,
In fact, officials in every department of
the Government who were appointed since
Congress adjourned.
California — Frank Carutherford, Truckee;
George Watterson, Bishop; Daniel R. Trout,
Boulder Creek; William E. Wulf, Cre«oent City;
Roy aiffon, Fowler; Samuel W. Metcalf,
El aeon.
Hawaii— V. F. Woods, ICahuIul.
Nevada — Herman C. Hommer, Lovelocks.
Oregon— Hiram F. Murdock, Klamath Falls;
Carlton E. Harmon, Grants Pass.
Washington— John" Black, Fair Haven; Will
lam E. Clemeon. Larkaton; Richard Connell,
Odessa. ? .
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10.— The President
sent the following nominations to the
Senate to-day: .
To be Consul— Thomas J. Cummins,
New York, at Puerto Cabello, Venezuela.
Justice— United States Circuit Judge for
the Eighth Judicial Circuit. William C.
Hooker, Kansas.
Associate Justice of the Supreme Court
of the District of Columbia— Daniel T.
Wright of Ohio.
Judge of the United States Court for
the Northern District of Indian Territory
—Joseph A. \3ill, Indian Territory.
To be poBtmasters: Alaska — E. J. Brooks,
Juneau. •- -.-. £./ '
GRIST OF APPOINTMENTS.
President Submits Nominations to
the Upper House.
The President to-night had a conference
with 'a number of leaders in both houses
of Congress. Those who called on him at
the White House were Secretary Moody;
Speaker Cannon, Senators Allison, Aid
rich, Platt of Connecticut, Spooner, Han
na. Hale, Lodge and Wetmore, and Rep
resentatives Payne, Dalzell, Tawney and
Hemenv/ay.
The old controversy between the House
and Senate over the right of the former
to initiate all revenue legislation was the
"principal topic • of conversation. The
members of the House claimed that the
present Cuban treaty provided that dur
ing the life of the convention the duty
on sugars should not be reduced "either
by treaty or convention. To concede the
position to the Senate, they asserted,
would be a surrender of their constitu
tional powers.
It was said that unless the contention
of the House is admitted the same dif
ficulty -will be presented as at the last
session, with the probability of the meas
ure being defeated. No conclusion waa
reached by the conference.
I transmit herewith the treaty as amended
by the Senate and ratified by the Cuban Gov
ernment. THEODORE ROOSEVELT.
White House. Nov. 10. 1003.
which, by the terms of the. treaty, ia necessary
to render It imperative, aa failure to enact
such legislation would become perilously near
a repudiation of the pledged faith of the na
ticn.
BIRMINGHAM. Ala.. Nov. 10.— Dan
Patch paced a mile on a half-mile track
here this afternoon In 2:03*4. lowering the
only world's record for pacers outstand
ing against him. The record previous to
this was 2:03%. held by Prince Alert. Cob
web the ruryier which paced Dan Patch,
faltered on the turn Just before entering
the stretch, and but for this Dan Patch
would probably have made the mile In
less than 2:03. The time by quarters:
:3<Hi. 1:01, 1:32%. 2:03*4. With the exception
of a slight breeze blowing down the
stretch the weather was Ideal.
Another Record for Dan Patch.
.Miller called loudly for aid and his cries
were heard by Patrolman Brown, who
was standing at a nearby corner. Brown
gave chase to the trio and succeeded in
capturing Mike Ryan, alias Golden, and
J.- H. Morgan, alias Gilmore, who were
identified by Miller as having helped hold
him up. The third man escaped.
Edward Miller, a waiter, was robbed of
a small sum of money and beaten by
three thugs late last night as he was !
coming out of the Bavarian saloon, a low |
resort on Barbary Coast. Two of the j
thieves were captured by Patrolman P.
W. Brown, but the third made his escape, j
According to Miller's statement the
thugs -followed him out of the saloon and
one of them struck him a blow on the
back of the head. The three then jumped
on top of him and beat him, at the same {
time going through his clothes and tak- |
ins a purse containing between 53 and $4. '
Patrolman Gives Chase to Trio and
Succeeds in Capturing Two
of Them.
WAITER IS ROBBED AND
BEATEN BY THREE THUGS
Continued From Page 1, Column 1.
MOB FIGHTS TO SEE DUKE'S BRIDE
BERLJN. Nov. 10.— Foreign Secretary
von Richthofen informed Embassador
Tower to-day that nothing was known
here concerning the reported intention of
Colombia to appeal tb Germany. The For
eign Secretary assured the Embassador
that Germany had no Interest In the Pa
nama affair and that the question of in
terference did not exist. Baron von
Richthofen made these statements in an
rarnest and formal manner and wished
them to be communicated to the United
Proposed Appeal by Colombia "Would
Fall Upon Deaf Ears.
BERLIN NOT TO INTERFERE.
Mrs. Oliver had lived and died sur
rounded by the dust and dirt of years.
The two rooms which she made her home,
the rest of the house ha% - ing been vacant
for years, were filled with boxes and
bundles of papers, old bottles and pieces
of furniture, carefully wrapped with
newspapers to keep out the dust.
The police made a search of the rooms.
Most of the boxes appeared to contain t
only old newspapers. There was bundle !
after bundle of cards and posters an
nouncing dances, balls, parties and excur
sions*, collecting the notices of which
was apparently a hobby of -the old woman.
In a trunk were found bonds, mortgages j
and other valuable papers.
It is said Mrt=. Oliver was a native of
England and had two married daughters
In Brooklyn. They seldom saw her, how
ever.
Hardly half a dozen feet from the spot
where the old woman lay James Alder
dice, an old man who had for years col
lected the rents from a number of houses
owned by Mrs. Oliver and attended to all
her business, was found dying from an
apoplectic stroke.
NEW YORK. Nov. 10.— Mrs. Mary Oli
ver, a widow 86 years old, has been found
dead in the squalid basement of a tene
ment house in Second avenue, Harlem,
where she had lived as a . recluse for
twenty-five years. When the police
searched the place they found United
States bonds and other securities to' the
value of $50,000. Neighbors t=ay the wo
man's estate Is valued at more than $500,
000. Death was from natural causes.
Leaves an Estate Said
to Be Worth More
Than $500,000.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON,. Nov. KX-Amongr the
appointments made by the President to
day was that of Dr. W. D. Crum to be
Collector of Customs at Charleston, S. C.
Crum's nomination was before the Sen
ate at the last regular session and also
the special session and met the opposition
of South Carolina Senators and Charles
ton business men because of., the color of
the appointee.
At the regular session the . nomination
was reported from the Senate Committee
on Commerce by the votes of the Republi
can members, but no action was taken
by the Senate. - ,...••
At .the special session a similar fight
was made and a sufficient number of Re
publicans joined with Democratic mem
bers of the committee to send the nomi
nation to the Senate with an adverse rec
ommendation. The appointment, however,
fell with the adjournment ofr the Senate
without action upon it, and the President,
as he then announced he would do in the
absence of definite action by the Senate,
has renomlnated Crum.
ARGENTINA RECEIVES -
SHIPMENT OF CATTLE
Government Is Satisfied That Foot
and Mouth Disease No Longer
Prevails Here.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 10.— The Secre
tary Of Agriculture to-day announced
that the last shipment of cattle from
country to Argentina had been ad
mitted into that country without deten
lon. The action Is Interpreted by the de
partment as evidence that the Argentina
Government is satisfied that the efforts
of this Government to suppress the foot
and mouth disease, in this country fcave
been thoroughly successful and that .aere
is no danger of importing that disease
through . shipments of cattle through this
country.
The Department of Agriculture places
no credence In the allegation that th.e
cattle of the previous shipment, slaugh
tered on arrival by the Argentina authori
ties, were affected by foot and mouth dis
ease. Their summary seizure and slaugh
ter, especially the method of disposing of
the carcases, according to the depart
ment, made it Impossible to establish the
healthfulness of the animals.
Central American Peace Is Assured.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, Nov. 10.— The
treaty recently signed at Acajutla by the
Central American republics stipulates
compulsory arbitration and provides for
regulations preventing emigrants organ
izing revolutions against neighboring re
publics, thus assuring Central American
peace.
the status of the new republic. He said
he had intended to introduce a similar
resolution in th« Senate.
— ?
SPEAKER NAMES COMMITTEES.
House Does Little Beyond Receiving
President's Message.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10—The House
was in session less than half an hour to
day, an adjournment being taken out of
respect to the memory of two deceased
members. The President's message was
read and referred to the Committed on
Ways and Means, the membership of
which is yet to be announced. The mes
sage also was ordered printed. The
Speaker announced the Committee on
Rules and Mileage. Aside from making
provision for the payment of mileage of
members no further business ¦was trans
acted.
The President's message was received
with applause from the Republican side.
Following Its reading the Speaker an
nounced the following committees:
On rules— The Speaker, Dalze'.l of Penn
sylvania, Grosvenor of Ohio. Williams of
Mississippi, De Armond or Missouri.
Mileage— Reeder of Kansas, Jackson of
Maryland, Flack of New York, Repub
licans, and Louis of Georgia and Butler of
Missouri, Democrats.
Resolutions of respect to the memory of
Foerderer of Pennsylvania and Boreing
of Kentucky were adopted and as another
mark of respect the House adjourned.
Speaker Cannon has reappolnted Ascher
C. Hinds of Maine as clerk to the Speak
er's table. He has selected L. W. Busby,
correspondent of the Chicago Inter Ocean,
as private secretary to tho Speaker.
In- his letter to this department relative to
the slove contract the Secretary of War sub
mitted the single question, whether In a cas«
where a contract had been performed on both
sides and it subsequently appeared prima facia
that a member of Congress was interested In
such contract, money paid by the Government
In consideration therefor could b« recovered.
The Question submitted for my opinion in
volved the Just interpretation of the words in
section 3739. Revised Statutes, which reads as
follows: 'And whenever any sum of money
is advanced on the part of the United State.".
In consideration of such contract or agreement.
it shall be forthwith caid and in case of re
fusal or delay to repay the same when de
manded by tho proper officer of the department
under whose authority such contract or agree
ment shall have been made or entered Into,
every person so refusing or delaying tOK*th*r
with his sureties, shall be forthwith prose
cuted at law fcr the recovery of any such sura
of money so advanced."
In my reply I advised the Secretary of ar
that no part of the consideration could be re
covered. Th!s was all the Secretary of TVar
ask»d me to decide. Th« question whether llr.
Littauer was interested In the contracts under
consideration was not submitted for decision
and I did not pans upon It. directly or indi
rectly. Nor was it necessary for me to deter
mine that fact, as in any view of the case, in
my opinion, the money paid by the Government
could not have been recovered.
No further action could have been taken by
this department in the premises unless the data
transmitted disclosed a case for criminal prose
cution under section .TTK> of the Revised Stat
utes In examinirR the record we were met at
the threshold with the fact that the transac
tions under consideration were closed more than
four years ago. which fact would operate as a
bar to any prosecution, even if the statute had
been violated.
I must therefore. In harmony with the -uni
form practice or this office, decline to reopen
the case as you request.
I may ndd In conclusion that I »m tinaoia tr>
see how Mr. Littauer can f«el aggrieved by my
action as I have already said as plainly am I
know how. and I now repeat that I have not
passed upon or even considered, directly or In
directly, the question whether he was inter
ested In the sense contemplated by the statute.
In Lyons' contract with the Government. In
fact if I bad done «o. I would, as alreaflr
pointed out, have gone beyond my duty In the
premlBes. - _ :
In the course of his reply, declining to
reopen, th© case, the Attorney General
says:
It is upon Mr. Littauer' a entire Innocence
of even a technical breach of law that w«
take our stand reirardlcaa of ctvll or criminal
remedies or technical defenses. He has not
invoked and dees rot Invoke tha statute o* lim
itations and would certainly waive it It he
had tho rrlvllegr. I sincerely hope that you
will be able to »ee your way to reopen the case
that Mr. Littauer and I may be heard on the
subject. • ,
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10.—Representa
tive Littauer of New York to-day re
newed his request (*n President Roose
velt for a reopening of his glove contract
case In the Department of Justice. It is
understood to be Littauer's intention in
the event of his failure to Induce the At
torney General to reopen his case to ap
peal to Congress for an investigation of
the glove case. It i3 intimated that ,ha
may exercise his right to discuss the ca3s
on the floor of the House.
Attorney General Knox to-day made
public recent correspondence which passed
between himself and Rogers. Locke anti
Milburn, counsel for Representative Lit
tauer, relative to the reopenir.s of the case
involving the latter's connection with the
contract awarded to E. R. Lyon for sup
plying the army .with 3Q.C0O pairs of gaunt
let gloves. Milburn, in his letter,
dated October 31, says:
PHILADELPHIA. Nov. 10.— The auxil
iary cruiser Yankee passed out to sea to
night, bound for Hampton Roads, where
Fhe will coal. Before leaving here ,the
Yankee took aboard a large supply of
ammunition and she will take on at
Hampton Roads a battalion of marines.
From Hampton Roads, it is said, the Yan
kee will sail for Guantanarao. where she
will be held in readiness to go to the
Isthmus of Panama in case she is needed.
The auxiliary cruiser Prairie, which left
the navy yard yesterday with a battalion
cf marines, passed out to sea to-day. The
Prairie also will call at Hampton Roads
end probably will sail from there direct
to tha Isthmus.
Yankee and Prairie Will Take Ma
rines on Cruise.
WARSHIPS ON THE MOVE.
Joseph Peet. the Panama apant of the
Pacific Steam Navigation Company, who
wes one of the passengers, said he knew
that ther* was trouble coming before he
left. The declaration, in hi* opinion,
would have been made before had it not
been for the arrival of the Colombian
gunboat Cartagena.
"When the Nashville arrived." he said,
"for some reason the Colombian punboat
Cartagena cleared her drcks as thougrh
for action. Some one told this tn tho
commander of the Nashville. It was Riven
as a warning, but the commander did not
eeem to be greatly impressed. The com
mander pointed to one of his small guns
and ordering it aimed at the Colombian
vessel said that he thought that would be
about enough for her.
NEW YORK. Nov. 10.— When the steam
er Yucatan, which arrived here to-day
Xrom Colon.' left that port but little was
known of the revolution In Panama be
yond the fact that rumors were afloat
that It would shortly take place.
Colombian Gunboat's "Bluff" at the
Cruiser Nashville.
CLEABS DECKS FOR ACTION.
May Appeal to Congress for
an Investigation of
the Matter.
Nominee's Name Has Already
Been Before Senate
Twice, i
Requests President to
Reopen Glove Con
tract Case.
considered as establishing: the position of
the French Government as being similar
to thct cf the United States.
The action cf France carries out the
purpose which Delcasse had throughout,
namely, to leave the United States un
trammeled and to act. eo far as possible.
In eympathetic accord with the Ameri
can Government.
Stands by Colored Man
for Collectorship at
Charleston.
Caucus of Republicans Takes Action Looking to a Reorganization
of Senate Committees, With a Member of the Majority in
Morgan's Place at the Head of Isthmian Canal Affairs
WEALTHY WIDOW
DIES IN SQUALOR
LONDON. Nov. 10.— It is confirmed that
the British second-el.iss cruiser Ampton.
In the course of her cnitae. will arrive at
Panama about November IS.
British Cruiser to Touch Pnnnran.
WASHINGTON*. Nov. lO.-In n tlisy^teh
received a few days ago al tho SUto IV
partment from Minister Peaupr* h<> An
nounced that he had decided to» rofmtn
from taking: advantnRt> of hts Irav* of
absence until March. S'o explanation ts
offered for the change tn hi* ptans, but It
Is surmised that he foresaw tho nvptvach
ing revolution and d*dd«d to tx» nt K\«
post when the separation c»me. No «i>*
prehension Is frit for tho Minister'* prr
sonal safety In Bogota, though It In r**l
i2ed that his lot may bo an unpleasant
one.
Beaupre R-emnins in Bogota.
States Government, which ths Embass**
dor accordingly has done.
LITTAUEB ASKS
FOR REHEARING
PRESIDENT AGAIN
APPOINTS CRUM
Steam Launch Captures
Town for Panama Republic
CONGRESS RECEIVES CUBAN
MESSAGE OF THE PRESIDENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1903.
Continued From Pag© 1, Column 6.
a committee to reorganize the'
Senate committees. A resolution declar
ing that the Committee on Interoceanlo
Canals ehould be a majority committee,
with a Republican as chairman, was not
adopted, but the question was left with
the committee on committees, with the
understanding 1 that such action should be
taken. This will displace Senator Morgan
as chairman of the committee.
The committee on committees will con
sist of nine members, to be announced by
WASHINGTON. Nov. 10.— The
caucus of Republican Senators
to-day authorized Senator Al
l.'Bon, the chairman, to appoint
2
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
Tired backs come to all who are forced to / §1
overtax them in their daily duties. Ever realize H
that it may not be the back that's tired, but the 111111$$ M/'/i^M So
Kidneys ? The Kidneys are overworked, become |===^ t^&&«y^^==^| §§
congested, and when they "play out" the back wiil I ffiB**^ r^^ B«
tell by its aches and pains. \ f *!iF tW — J §g
Healthy people have strong backs. \_ jy^ \w §1
Learn to be healthy by keeping the Kidneys y S§
healthy. Doan's Kidney Pills keep the Kidneys J <>8
healthy and cure all Kidney and Bladder Ills, ¦_¦ . -^^r s§
Urinary Derangements, Diabetes, Dropsy. §§
A TRIAL FREE /¦ " "¦ ll11 """ 111 """V I
To San Francisco Call Readers : j SAN FRANCISCO PROOF j , |
Ml^^SlKidney§^^\ Miss Mary Porter of 5 Cook street says: "For some g<S
tflt Pills Blilil time m y back ached so severely I could hardly get around or o,«$
P'wit. w.*n,L tePllF do the slightest work. In addition to that everything seemed $3
1 >t>frYiT|Tirf fawttriffir' to worry me. I am not a great believer in patent medicine, gs
and I did not consider my symptoms serious enough to con- g§
NAMB....^.^..««»^. WM .. suit a doctor, so I kept putting off the use of pills or liquid un- §§
• p o <# . ' 1" til forced. Reading about Doan's Kidney Pills induced me to |g
' """ ' •———• take a course of the treatment. Nothing could have acted bet- gg ,
sTATd.... .,.,.. .......... .......... ter> in fact, in a few days I was greatly improved in health, w«^
; ror tree trial box. man this eou- and when I completed the box the pain in my back stopped. I ff«
&°.\!%T O a"^v; M .pac™ 9 '^u?flc'ien?: shall always have ;"a good word to say about Doan's Kidney gg
write addresa on separate slip. . ¦ pjlle " ' ' ' &«
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Australian
Lamb's Wool
Underwear
You know what a fine quality garment can
be made from Australian lamb's wool. These
garments are first-class in every particular. They
are form-fitting, silk-sewed, silk-tnmmed and
elegantly finished. The material is soft and
fleecy, will absorb the perspiration and never
scratch. The colors are flfsh, brown, gray and
blue. This is a typical value selected from our
immense stock of underwear and the price is
$2.50 a suit
Out-of-town orders filled — write us.
740 Market StreetNEW YORK. Nov. 10. — It is an
nounced that Daniel Frohman, the theat
rical manager, and Miss Marguerite
Illington, the actress, whose home is in
Illinois, will be married in this c£y on
November 22.
Date Is Fixed for Frohman Wedding.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 10. — Preliminary
returns to the chief of the Bureau of
Statistics of the Department of Agricul
ture on the production of corn in 1003
indicate a total yield of about 2.313.000.
000 bushels, or an average of 25.8 bush
els per acre, as compared with an avpr
agL- yield of 26.7 bushels one year ago,
16.7 bushels in 1901. and a ten-year
average of 23.9 bushels.
Slight Falling OfC in Corn Yie'i.
LEWISTON. Idaho. Nov. 10. — Mem
bers of the crew have reached here re
porting that the steamer Imnaha, plying
between this point and Imnaha Mines,
on the Upper Snake River, was wrecked
this morning at Mountain Sheep Rapids,
two miles below Eureka. Her cable got
caught in the capstan and the boat
swung on a rock, destroying the engines.
The passengers were saved, but the
cargo was lost.
Steamer Imnaha Is Wrecked.
CHEYENNE, Wyo.. Nov. 10.— Governor
Chatterton will decide Thomas Horn's
fate on Thursday night. Deputies with a.
Gatling gun and a Hotchkiss gun are con
stantly on guard at the jail in anticipa
tion of an attempt of cattlemen to releasa
Horn. The threat is common that taa
condemned murderer will be saved from
the hangman's rope. •--«.•»
A bit of startling information has falteV"
Into the hands of Sheriff Smalley In the
form of a piece of paper on which the flj
ures 11-11-11 are marked and which was
thrown Into the courthouse yard where
Horn could see them from his window.
The same figures have been marked on
buildings across the street from the Jail
in plain view of Horn's cell.
This is taken to mean that Horn'3
friends will attempt to liberate him on
the eleventh month, eleventh day and
eleventh hour, wriich would be to-morrow
at either 11 a. m. or 11 p. m.
FRIENDS OF CONDEMNED
MURDERER MAKE THREATS
Authorities Fear azx Attempt Will Be
Made to Release Him From
NEW YORK. Nov. 10.-Dr. Leopold
Hlrschinann of this city, a cousin of Mar
tin Loew, a medical student whose death
occurred recently at Baltimore soon af
ter his initiation 'into a Greek letter fra
ternity, says ho has received detaCs ot
the affair from. & student. The latter de
clares that when Loew went to th# fra
ternity hall to take the first degree ho
was met by twenty-five men. He was
told to undress and after doing so wa3
Blindfolded and taken into a room, where
he was laid upon a cake of ice. He was
then carried upstairs to the balcony and
thrown over the rail— a drop of twenty
five feet. On the floor beneath stood a
number of students holding a sheet.
"When Loew fell Into this." said th«
doctor, "he was tossed up and down un
til he was unconscious. After being re
vived he was beaten until his body was a
mass of bruises.
"That night he was in such a wretched
condition that his roommate stayed up
all night with him. Whisky and quinine
were- given him. during the night, and In
the morning he felt relieved.
"The following Saturday he took th«
second degree. In the morning he was
found dead and his chum, who bad just
taken the first degree, was in a serious
condition. The guilty ones should be sent
to the gallows. They are murderers."
Declares That They Should
Be Hanged for Causing
Loew's Death.
Physician Denounces
Men Who Conducted
Fatal Initiation.
It was left to the manager to take up
th# matter of having a turnstile in the
exhibition hall of the board to count the
visitors who go there to see the county
products. There were 10,000 visitors to the
hall in October, so Manager Briggs re
ported. Fifty thousand copies of a pam
phlet telling about the climate of all parts
of California, it "was voted, shall be sent
to the fat stock show at Chicago.
On motion of John P. Irish, it was voted
to request Secretary Cortelyou to have
space for a display of California's pro
ducts in the building that will be erected
for the Department of 'Commerce at
Washington.
Resolutions were adopted in memory of
N. W. Spauldinsr, who was a member of
the board at the time of his death.
The board attended to several other
matters. A communication from the Cali
fornia Promotion Committee asking the
board to appoint a member of the ad
visory committee of the Promotion Com
mittee was placed on file and the man
ager was Instructed to write to the man
ager of the committee and say that the
board will extend its aid, as it has to
all-organizations that work for the good
of the State. It was decided to have
the publications of the board, together
with a descriptive sketch of the work of
the board, bound and sent to St. Louis
for exhibition at the exposition.
Concerning the proposition to hold a
citrus fair in this city during the pres
ent month it was decided, in view of the
expense to which the. counties are put
on account of the exhibits they are pre
paring for the St. Louis Exposition, tp
inform the citrus growers north of Te
hachapi that a citrus exhibition will be
made in the permanent display of county
products In the hall of the State Board
of Trade this year and that the annual
November citrus fair will be continued
hereafter.
DECIDE OTHER MATTERS.
all trouble of handling it and that the
twelve Apostles could not be- more honest
than the people who are handling it; if
that be true. - this 13 the best advertise
ment in the world for the State. All you
have to do is to grow the fruit and some
one takes It off your hands. (Laughter.)
If this is the condition of the fruit indus
try of California it is a very hopeful con
dition and it is a commercial one that
the world can't match. It ought to be
of great encouragement to us and we
ought to invite immigration on that fact
alone," (Laughter.)
"And leave th© facts out "of it." Mr.
Wooster facetiously remarked. "The nec
essary thing for us to do is to get the
facts and give them greater publicity.
We know the wrong that is being done.
If we can get at the bottom of it we
should do. so. I move that a report of
progress made be placed on file and that
the committee be empowered to pursue
the inquiry."
The motion was seconded by Commis
sioner Irish and adopted.
SAYS STUDENTS
ARE MURDERERS
INVESTIGATION REGARDING THE MARKETING
OF CALIFORNIA'S FRUIT PRODUCT GOES ON
Preliminary Report Contains Estimates Concerning Expense of
Securing Facts in Eastern Cities arid in San Francisco That
Are Needed and the Board of ¦ Trade Will 'Continue Work
DELIVERS AWARD
TO CLAIMANTS
American and Venezue
lan Commission De
cides Rudolf Case.
Allow $75,000 Damages for
Volation of Caracas
Concession.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 10.— A cablegram
recei ed at the State Department from
Caracas to-day states that the American
end Venezuelan claims commission has
delivered an award of $75,000 in the Rudolf
cla-m. This claim was based on the vio
lation by the- Venezuelan Government of
a concession granted to the claimants to
establish and maintain^ a market In
Caracas. ;
The department advice* Indicate that
nrarly all of the International claims com
m'.rsions have concluded their work at
Caracas, the American commission having
only two cases to consider. When these
commissions conclude their work th©
awards declared will await the decision
of The Hague tribunal as to the order in
¦which they are to be paid, that Is upon
terms of equality with the claims of the
rations that conducted the blockade of
Venezuelan ports, or whether they are to
lie In abeyance until those claims are
completely met by the Venezuelan cus
toms. Advices from The Hague indicate
that the decision of the tribunal will not
long be withheld, for nearly all the pow
ers party to the proceedings there already
have submitted their arguments through
counsel and their cases are almost ready
for consideration.
New Disease Baffles Physicians.
NEW YORK. Nov. 10. — A strange and
fatal disease has become epidemic in the
manufacturing village of Helmetta, N.
J. The disease is accompanied by symp
toms usual in scarlet fever cases, but its
progress is much more rapid. In some
cases death has ensued in three days
and the doctors so far have been unable
to diagnose it. Seven deaths have oc
curred within the last two weeks. The
public schools have closed and stringent
Quarantine measures have been adopted.
The. victims were children with one ex
ception.
Noted Detective About to Retire.
NEW YORK. Nov. 10. — The most dis
tinguished detective of the day. Superin
tendent William Melville of Scotland
Yard. Is about to retire, says a cable dis
patch to the Herald from Lor.don. Mel
ville has had a wonderful career in de
tecting criminals and has been for years
known as the "protector of kings," be
cause of his activity in running down
anarchists. It wns he who arrested the
assassin Ravachol.
Deny Receiving Threatening Letter.
DES MOIN'ES. Iowa. Nov. 10. — Officials
ef the Rock Island Railway deny reports
that a second letter has been received
mckir.g threats against the road unless
money was forthcoming. The right of
way between this city and Earlham,
thirty miles, is still being patroled. a
man being stationed every two miles.
Each guard walks up and down his beat
the whole night long. The two suspects
detained here are not seriously regarded
as having any connection with the affair.
THE California State Board of
Trade made some- progress yester
day in the matter of Inaugurating
the Investigation concerning the
returns California fruit-growers
receive for fruits sold in the Eastern and
San Francisco markets. A report was
submitted by General Manager Briggs in
accordance with the instructions of the
board. He estimated that the facts relat
ing to marketing In San Francisco could
be ascertained by a competent man in
thirty days at a cost, of about $150. Re
garding the Eastern markets, he found
that an Investigation could be made there,
during the fruit .shipping season, in not
more than sixty days, which time would
enable the investigator to Inquire into the
methods pursued in each of the several
centers where California fruit is disposed
of at auction. Th" cost for the Eastern
Investigation not estimated. A man
competent to undertake the task would
be worth $200 a month, cr could earn that
much in any fruit house.
After tho report of Manager Briggs had
been received several members of the
Board of Trade spoke emphatically con
cerning the existing conditions. W. H.
Mills declared that the board should con
tinue to search . for the facts that will
benefit the fruit growers. John P. Irish
said that the first step was to secure the
information that would put the board on
the right track. C. M. Wooster epoke to
the same effect. Manager Briggs said
that the board could not afford to let
the investigation drop.
Some additional step may be taken at
the next meeting of the board. Some sur
prise was occasioned before the meeting
closed by a statement by Mr. Briggs that
he desired to retire from office. His rea
son was that he has large interests that
demand much of his time and he is com
pelled to attend to them. The board
thereupon authorized the appointment of
a committee of three to provide for the
appointment of a new manager. In the
meantime Mr. Briggs holds the office.
The work of getting facts concerning the
marketing of fruit will be taken up again
as eoon as a new manager is at work.
BRIGGS MAKES REPORT.
The entire matter was opened up yes
terday by the report submitted by
Manager Briggs. It began with the
resolution adopted at the Octo
ber meeting of» the board, in which the
manager was instructed "to report to the
board the practicability of Instituting a
general Inquiry Into the fruit markets,
foreign and domestic, with reference to
an ascertainment of all the facts relat
ing to such markets, and especially with
reference to the relation between the
amount returned from the reported sales
of fruit* and the actual amount obtained
from said pales, and further, to the end
that the price paid to the fruit grower
of this State shall more nearly correspond
to the price at which the fruit reaches
the consumer. The manager is requested
to report to the board at its next meet
ing the practicability and cost of such*in
quiry."
Manager Brlggs reported that he had
addressed a letter to all Boards of Trade,
Chambers of Commerce and other com
mercial organizations in the State and
had added an appeal for Information and
assistance in the work. In the appeal
that went out the following was in
cluded:
It has Ions been an established fact that
with eJl the EDlendld reputation of California
fruit in the Eastern market?, the readiness with
which it finds sale and the great wealth which
has been made by those handling it. the grower
has received proportionately but a poor return.
There Is certainly no lack of demand for the
SCENE IN THE ASSEMBLY-ROOM OF THE STATE BOARD OF TRADE YESTERDAY WHEN THE PLANS OF
, THAT ORGANIZATION IN THE MATTER OF LOOKING INTO' THE METHODS OF FRUIT HANDLERS AND
MARKETMEN WERE UNDER DISCUSSION. . , . ' ¦
.."The price of dried fruit In tho Eastern
market is fixed by the buyer," said Chair
man, Chlpman. '"The commission men arc
the men who buy our dried fruit here and
cell it inrthe East and fix their price "ar
bitrarily. They commence operating be
fore the fruit is ready for the market and
they fix. the rate without regard to what
they, can get for It in the East."..
"A large fruit grower said to me," said
Mr. Mills,. '.'that everything wjls all right
and .that, he had no complaint to make.
I asked ¦ him what voice he had in fixing
the ' price ' at which his fruit was carried
and f he * said "None whatever.' I asked
him what arrangements he had to make
about having his fruit properly refriger
ated" and- he said .'None.* I asked him
whether he had a voice in saying what
sort 'of 'a* box was used and he replied
'None whatever.' I asked him If he had
a voice in the price at which hla fruit
should be sold and he said 'None what
ever.' 'Even in the price returned to you,'
I ! asked, v and he said 'No, sir.'
/".'Then it Is a fact,' I said, 'you raise
the fruit and until you receive the money
for -it- you have no voice whatever?* and
he asserted that to be the fact. If this
be true,", said Mr. Mills sarcastically, "it
is the -greatest advertisement California
can : get. /When It Is known that; It is all
determined by one side— the handlers of
th© fruit; if It is true that the fruit is
well. marketed, it Is of Importance to the
world ' to . know that If we have people
here so honest that they save the grower
"When a grower says it is a good thing
for the Board of Trade to Investigate this
matter he contradicts himself." said Mr.
Mills. "Because If he is satisfied he would
say, 'I 'know all about the marketing of
my fruit. If I were a fruit grower I would
not put myself in antagonism with the
instrumentality for marketing my fruit.
I could be left out There would be plenty
of fruit without mine.' There is therefore
no disposition on the part of the fruit
growers to make themselves obnoxious.
They can't afford to do It. I never ex
pected any information from them. All
my resolution contemplated was to make
this investigation possible."
BOARD DISCUSSES FACTS.
nothing about It. There ought toV>e a fair*
profit to the shippers. They are active
and their profits are increased by the
activity they put forth. What Is the price
of raisins grown at Fresno? You will find
that they are being sold at 12% cents a
pound In San Francisco, and yet at Fres
no they are purchased at 6 cents. Does it
cost 6 cents per pound to distribute them
to the consumer? The system of distri
bution that grows raisins at 6 cents per
pound and sells them at 12^4 cents is not
profitable to the producer."
"You will find raisins exhibited for sale
in the Middle West from 4 cents up to 12%
cents per pound," said Manager Briggs.
"They use the cheaper raisin as a leader
and ' make their profit on the higher
grades. They claim that the poorer con
sumer will not take It unless they can
get It at the cost of other products. They
argue that if dried apples can be had at
4 cents a pound they are entitled to pay
the same price for raisins, and they will
not buy raisins at a higher price."
- "I think the proper thing to do is to find
out what the different in price is In the
Eastern markets," said Mr. Wooster.
"I think w e ought to do it," said Mr.
Sharp. "We sent a man to Hamburg to
Introduce our prunes. What ought to be
done Is. to go on with our investigation."
"We can't afford to let this matter
drop," said Mr. Briggs.. "The eyes of the
consumer and producer of the State are
upon us. I believe if we go at this in an
energetic and conscientious manner some
good will i come in the end."
"This -State of indifference." said'; Mr.
Mills,-"would indicate that the producers
of California .are not particular • about
those who wish to despoil them.; I have
no doubt but. that these wrongs exist;
that the producer • does not j get a proper
return, and that too much of the profit
is wasted '¦ between > the shipper 'and -.the
consumer; I -believe' that we. should by
no means let this matter drop. Tl«o fruit
season is*cldsed. bur we should ' pursue
our Investigations, ana .as . we nave r r<=
course to' past seasons we' should pursue
the inauiry." . ' * r • .... •",¦'•
« "In the meantime," said John P. Irish,
'.'let us ¦ eauip ourselves with the infor
mation that will" put; us. on 'the . right
track." •¦ ¦ ¦
."This » Is an . inquiry > that the producer
knows nothing ' about," said • Mr. ': Mills.'
"The Question ' that'- is never answered 7 is;
What ; is the price paid by the great mass
of consumers?.- The grower, has not given
any 'attention to -it;' In ; fact, he knows
BEADY TO CONTINUE.
"Not one," replied Manager Briggs. * "1
saw the . letter in only four papers. , I
sent one ! to ' the ' Sacramento Valley ¦ De
velopment Association and it took" tho-let
ter up at. once. - Mr. Baird. reproduce! It
In. a circular and not one single reply has
come In."- .---,¦-*-- ...
Mr. Brlggs had not been able to ascer
tain any instance in which a different
freight rate had been charged to the fruit
shipper from the one actually paid- for
the transportation of his fruit. to maiktt
The fruit handled by the fruit distribu
tors, he eald, was under- watchful- care
from the time it leaves this State until
it is finally disposed of.
When Mr. Brlggs had - concluded • the
reading of his report Mr. Stearns. of OaTc
land announced that the letter sent to
the Board of Trade of Oakland .was im
mediately acted "up. "I had twelve copies
made 'of the letter," said Mr. Stearns,
"and sent them . to the newspapers and
to various people and Invited them to're
ply, i I would like to learn- whethar any
replies were received?" ' ¦> .
With respect to a' more extended inquiry
such as Is involved In Investigating methods
and conditions in the large Eastern markets,
this, it seems to me. is not the proper time of
the year to actively enter on it. The true
methods employed for disposing of consign
ments of fruit at auction sales and the prac
tice which obtains could, it seems to me, be
best learned by coming In dally contact with
that | business. A man competent to-do that
work and who would do it as it should be done
could easily command- a salary of $200 per
month or more in any fruit house where his
cervices were employed. In other words that
branch of the Inquiry would cost a good sal
ary and all traveling and Incidental expenses
during the service, and a thorough canvass
nilBht take some months If carried into more
than one large distributing market. It is how
ever, possible that the situation in one 'would
be taken as representative of all the Eastern
markets. In which event possibly thirty at the
outside sixty, days would be all the time re
quired. ...
It has been suggested o\'er and over -again
that a remedy for the wrongs complained of in
the local > market might be found through a
corporation composed wholly of producers who
6<>ek San Francisco for disposition of their 1
fruits. Whether this Is practical or not it Is
for tho board to consider.
gether with his traveling and Incidental ex
penses. To do this work properly an experi
enced and tactful. man must be employed.
This one step accomplished. It would then re
main to be determined. If wrongs were found
to exist, what further steps were Justified. The
cost of canvassing the local or San Francisco
market would.be but. trifling as compared with
other branches of the work should It be under
taken. Probably thirty days' canvass of this
city by a competent man would disclose all
that is necessary to be learned here In order to
establish a fairly correct basis to work on.
Tills expenditure should not exceed $150. While
the opportunities in the present slack fruit
market are not .as good as they could be in the
height of the fruit season an Inquiry properly
conducted . even, now should not be barren . of.
results.
In reference" to the matter of getting tho
necessary information on which to base intelli
gent action, there seems now but one 'effective
way for accomplishing it. viz: to send an agent
or agents through -the fruit- shipping districts,
whose duty.lt U to work out and record facts
and conditions as they are. This would entail
considerable expense, viz: pay of the agent to-
Mr.. Eriggs. alluded, to' the' history of
the combinations. formed in this State for
regulating the sale of dried fruits— prunes
and raisins' particularly.- They were re
ported to have had their troubles/ but
the California Fruit Agency had made a
marked success of handling citrus fruits.
The' citrus fruit growers would not there
fore be directly concerned in the investi
gation . proposed by.- the. State Board of
Trade at this time. . Mr. Brlggs said that
co-operation. is needed bri.the part of, the
fruit, growers to imake a' : success of the
work in hand. Regarding the'question of
co-operation -he said: _. "
Co-operation .on the . part of .fruit- growers
must, it seems to me, be a fundamental fea
ture if a remedy is nought for the wide dif
ference between the prices, consumers pay for
fruit end 'the prices grower, receive. Whether
the disparity In prices is the result of-Illegiti
mate customs on the part of handler, of . green
fruits or from any other cause little hope is
there, fpr a change unless growers come to ap
preciate ' the benefits of union *hd Join sin
cerely and honestly In some plan that can ef
fect a combination of interests. . • -
CITRUS FRUIT GUARDED.
It Is claimed that under the cyeration of
the organization known a a the California Fruit
Distributors, of which Alden Anderson la
manager, there- Is small opportunity for the
practice of sharp methods by commission men
engaged in the fruit auction business. This
organization Is a stock company In which both
shippers ami producers are represented, • and
fruit growers either large or Emiill are not
excluded from the list ot stockholders. This
would seem to be a step toward co-operation
and in an effective and practical - way. I To
what extent growers have taken advantage of
this closer Identity with, the shipping and
handling of fruit I have not been informed
Extracts from letters received by the
manager were read. They contained no
definite information. Mr. Brlggs said that
he had learned from parties well Informed
in the Kreen fruit business that during
the last two seasons there has been much
less occasion for complaint concerning the
manner of handling fruit than there had
been formerly. Continuing, he said:
If this indicates Indifference I on the part
of growers little will be accomplished by con
tinuing this method of investigation. ¦ If It'
Is due to a fear that information xlven may
in some way work to their disadvantage in
the future with buyers or shippers of green
fruit 1 am not -now able to see what argument
can be used effectively with them.
With respect to commercial organizations I
am unable to understand why information
should be withheld it they have any to give.
It is b^st accounted for probably on the theory
that what is everybody's business is nobody's,
and by the further consideration that specific
Information is not readily obtainable by them.
With tbe interior press there may or may
not be weighty considerations which It could
be difficult for the. members of the board to
understand why if any general and previous
wrong exists In the manner of handling fruit,
and they have knowledge of it, the fact should
not be made known. •-
Up to date the responses had been
meager. "No information," reported
Manager Brig-gs, "has been received from
individuate, commercial bodies or the
press that even remotely established a
fact." This occasioned surprise to the
manager, and he remarked:
RESPONSES ARE MEAGER.
shipper. In your vicinity, by personal solicita
tion, by resolution and by publicity in tho
newerapers, the Importance of their assistance
in this matter, through sending to this office
statements of the details of the cost of ship
ment, prices obtained at particular times, both
in this market and in the East, rates quoted
for carload and less than carload lots, the cost
of boxes, packing:, etc., whether less than car
load rates have been charged when they have
reason to believe shipment., have been made In
full cars made up of small individual ship
ments, and any circumstances, or suggestions
that may in any way aid In this inquiry?
THE SAN FBAJSrCISCO CALL, /WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 11, .1903.
California, product and no rood reason for b«- i
lie vinp that It should not yield the producer a
good profit, but there Is a. pretty firmly • estab
lished belief that certain Interests standing be
tween the producer and the - consumer' have
worked to the disadvantage- of the men who by
their skill and industry have made the State's
great wealth in horticultural resource possible, ;
It is the purpose of the State Board of Trade
to make such inquiry as shall establish the
manifestly unjust conditions in the handling
of fruits with a view to securing: a remedy and
.bettering the growers" position. In this in
quiry the greatest possible assistance can be
rendered by the growers and shippers of fruit. i
and this letter is written to you asking your
co-operation.
Will you not urre upon the growers and
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Good Points About
Good Clothes
C, There are four essential points in regard to good cloth-
ing that you should consider.
FIT
STYLE
WEAR
APPEARANCE
"ROOS-MADE" CLOTHES FIT WELL
Because they are tailored by the best
workmen who can be got for the purpose.
"ROOS-MADE" CLOTHES HAVE STYLE
Because they are designed to suit the
characteristics of individual men.
"ROOS-MADE" CLOTHES WEAR WELL
Because they are constructed on scientific
principles evolved after years of careful
experiment.
" ROOS-MADE " CLOTHS LOOK WELL
Because they are made of the finest fabrics
specially selected for them.
C If you wear a ll Roos-Made" suit or overcoat once you
will never qire to wear any other kind.
KEARNY AT POST
shown at your grocer's in Schil-
ling's Best; it is still new in the
sense of not being general.
. Moncyback.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-.
tor *n<! .Nervine.
The meet wuodertal aphroCUlae and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Orraas. for both sexes.
Tbe Mexican Remedy for Disease* of th.
Kldaeys cod Bladder. Sells en its own merits.
NABER. ALPS & BRUNE. Agents.
(23 Market «t. & F.— (Send tor Circulars.)
ADVUBTTSEMENTS.
To your measure for $15
This is the sixth of a series of advertisements which enu-
merate the advantages to be obtained in having us make your
clothes.
We have shown how we €an save you from $5 to $10 on
a suit ; told about buying the cloth direct from the mills;
about the great number of patterns to choose from; about
our system of measuring and the excellence of .our cutting
and tailoring.
Each time we have pictured a step in the making of a
suit of clothes to order. To-day we show the finished gar-
ments ready for delivery. N -
The man who gets one of our suits has the satisfaction of
knowing that he gets his money's worth and is fully protect-
ed all the time he is wearing the clothes. We repair, sponge,
and press all garments free. -
See our splendid line of winter goods for $15 made to
your measure. ¦
Suits satisfactorily made to order for out-of-town
customers through our self-measuring system — write for
blank and samples.
740 Market St. and
Corner Powell and Eddy Sts.COLLINGWOOD, Ont., Nov. 10.— The
passenger steamer Atlantic was destroyed
by flre to-day near Campbells Rocks, in
Georgian Bay. As no sea was running the
passengers and crew were able to make
their way to Parry Sound in the small
boats. Baggage and personal effects were
left behind.
Fire Destroys a Passenger Steamer.
Two suits for damages in the sum of
$299 each were filed yesterday in the Jus
tices' Court by George Landlni against
A. E.' Cooper. The plaintiff alleges in his
complaint that while driving a milk
wagon, on Oak street, near Baker, he was
run into by Cooper, who was steering an
automobile. Landini alleges that he was
hurt, wounded • and maimed, his head
injured, his eyes bruised, his nose frac
tured and his horse and wagon injured.
Hurt by Automobile.
• John Holy was convicted . by Police
Judge Mogan yesterday on a charge of
petty larceny and. was sentenced to serve
three months in the County Jail. Holy
has been in the habit of stealing butter
and eges and meat from safes on the
rear porches of houses. Early Monday
morning he entered the residence of Wil
liam Whiteside. 503^ Natoma street, by
the cellar and made his way to the Tear
porch, emptying the safe of its. contents.
Butter and Egg Thief Sentenced.
Mrc. Harriet S. McDonell, an Early
Settler on Bay Farm Island,
Passes to Best.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 10.— Mrs. Harriet S.
McDonell, wife of P. A. McDonell and one
of the pioneer settlers on Bay Farm Isl
and, died at her home there this morn
ing. She had resided continuously on the
island for forty-two years. Deceased was
born in Ithaca, N. Y., seventy-two years
ago and came to California in 1S61.
She was an aunt of Captain E. R. Mc-
Donell of Company G of this city James,
Edward and Miss Hattle McDonell, Mrs
F. A. Earll of Berkeley and C. A. Barns
of Ventura.
I Her funeral will be held from her late
home Friday morning at 10 o'clock, thence
to the Union-street M. E. Church South
where services will be held. Interment
will take place in Mountain View Cem
etery. < -
Drops Dead While at Work.
OAKLAND; Nov. 10.-^. H. Kirkpatrlck,
42 years old, dropped 'dead to-day from
heart disease while at work in the plan
ing mill at the Southern Pacific Railroad
yards, "West Oakland. Kirkpatrick re
sided at 458 Walsworth avenue. At the
Coroner's office Mrs. C. L. Spade, giving
the same address, said she was to have
married Kirkpatrlck In a few weeks.
Marriage iLicenses.
• OAKLAND. Nov. 10. — The folio-wins
marriage licenses were Issued by the Coun
ty, Clerk to-day: Frank C. Desmond, 24
years old, and Almee Dlaa, 21, both of
San Francisco; William M. Martin. 23,
Stockton, and Hattle M. Culvert, 22. San
Francisco; Chester S. Parker. 23. . and
Blanche Swindell. 21, both of Oakland;
Charles F. LJppert, 30, and Gussle Hale.
2?, both of San Francisco; John H. Diel
raann. 24, Santa Cruz, and Caroyln A.
Amner, 21, Berkeley;' Herbert M. Lee. over
2i, : .S;pokane,-and Ethel J. Bate*, over IS.
Oakland; Joseph T." Picard* 23,' San Fran
cisco, and Mary'Fr Mclntire, 21. Oakland.
It Is not believed that in any event will
Morgan sever his connection 'with the
firm of J. P. Morgan & Co., or with any
of its branch firms, but if he- should re
tire It will simply be from all great or
ganization and reorganization undertak
ings.
Many: times within the past few days
he has referred to what . he calls "an
idiotic war," meaning the hammering of
steel stocks.
It is known that Morgan has felt keen
ly the criticism directed against him be
cause of the shrinkage in value of steel
trust- securities and the misfortunes of
the ocean steamship trust, which devel
oped criticism abroad. But he felt most
of all the. revelations which, have come
out of the investigation into the shipbuild
ing-scandal. Morgan's, friends say, that
ho has been forced to bear the blame for
the indiscretions of others.
Even should he make up his mind to
retire, it is the opinion of several men
that great ' Influence will be brought . to
induce him to change his determination.
NEW YORK, Nov. 10.— Late • to-day
there was a report that J. Plerpont Mor
gan would retire from active business on
January 1 next, or as soon thereafter as
his affairs can be arranged. It was im
possible to get any word from Morgan.
Special . Wsi>atch to The- Call.
PIONEER WOMAN'S LITE
ENDED BY GRIM REAPER
Wall-Street King May
Retire From Active
Business.
The machine was badly damaged and
the doctor was considerably shaken by
the sudden shock. He got the disabled
automobile out of the mess and had the
machine hauled home. Then Dr. Cham
berlain went on the warpath for the re
sponsible party that left the debris pile
to the danger of travelers.
OAKLAND, NOV. 10.— Dr. N. H. Cham
berlain, residing at 1419 Eighth avenue,
had a narrow escape last evening from
serious injury while driving ah automo
bile on Lake Merrltt boulevard. As the
physician turned his machine into East
Eighteenth street the vehicle collided with
a pile of debris which had been left on
the thoroughfare and unguarded by a
light.
Dr. N. H. Chamberlain Is Shaken Up
While Driving Machine on
Boulevard.
PHYSICIAN'S 'MOBILE
RUNS INTO EARTH PILE
The trial of the 525,000 breachjof prom
ise sultjbrought by Mary Lanigan against
David 'Neeley, the wealthy 'Berkeley nur
sery man, was 'begun before Judge Hall
to-day. .;
The plaintiff nursed Neeley's wife prior
to her death and it is alleged he became
enamored of her ; charms. According to
the plaintiff's story she was to wait a
year before he would legally make her
his wife and publicly proclaim it to the
world, as he had scruples as to the pro
priety of marrying in haste.
Mrs. Neeley died on June 13, 1901. The
son born to the plaintiff is now a bounc
ing boy of eight months and she asserts
that the putative father still refuses to
keep his alleged promise .to marry her.
She has tired of waiting: and now wants
$25,000 as balm for her disappointment as
the result of her misplaced confidence.
Neeley was In court to-day and took
considerable interest In the proceedings.
Neither the mother nor the child, how
ever, was present, but it is stated that
they will be on hand when the plaintiff's
testimony is needed.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
"1118 'Broadway/ Nov. 10.
OAKLAND, Nov. 10.— Rev. Father Sul
livan of St. Mary's Cathedral 'in San
Francisco celebrated a requiem high mass
this morning at St. Mary's College In
honor of the memory of the Rev. Brother
Ermlnold, former president of the col
lege, whose death occurred just a year
ago. The; numbers of the mass, which
were from Perosi's requiem, were sung
by the college quartet.
Father Sullivan was assisted by Father
Stark of old St Mary's as deacon; Father
Collopy of St. Patrick's In San Francisco,
sub-deacon, and Father Cranwell of
the college, master of ceremonies.
Many priests from the churches around
the bay were present, among them being:
Rev. Father McSweeney of St. Francis de
Sales; Rev. Father Nolan, San Pablo;
Rev. Father Cantwell and Rev. Father
Riordan, Berkeley; Rev. Father Torke
and Rev. Father McHugh, East Oak
land; Rev. Father Heslin and Rev. Father
Scrda, Golden Gate.
Requiem High Mass Celebrated for
Former Eresident.of St. Mary's
College.
STTJDfiNTS HONOB MEMORY
OF BBOTHER EBMINOLD
Trial of Lanigan-Neeley
Breach of Promise
Suit Begins.
MORGAN WINCES
UNDER CRITICISM
Referring to the family lawsuit bearing
on the late Queen Henrietta's estate,' the
secretary declared the Countess was too
noble-hearted to sue her father.
VIENNA, Nov. 10.— The doctors give
Blight hope of the Countess Lonyay (for
merly the Crown Princess Stephanie of
Austria, widow pf Archduke Rudolph)
ever regaining her health, though her
symptoms are not so alarming as some
reports indicate. Her private secretary
says she Is suffering from an Illness dat
ing from her marriage. He denies tfte
reports that she is In . financial trouble,
and says Emperor Francis Joseph is ex
ceedingly generous and, while the Coun
tess also receives a large allowance from
Belgium, relations between the Countess
and her father. King Leopold, are in no
sense those of a father and daughter.
This estrangement was reflected at the
meeting of Emperor Francis Joseph and
King Leopold, when there was not the
slightest evidence of friendship between
them.' '
Her Private Secretary Denies Reports
That She Is in Financial
Trouble.
ILLNESS OF THE QOTJNTESS .
LONYAY CATJSES ALARM
BERKELKY. Nov. 10.— The^Aj-soclated Grad
uate Students have effected a permanent organ
ization by electing the following named offi
cers: President, Charles T. Dozler; vice presi
dent L. E. Martin; secretary. Miss Edna Stone;
treasurer. Mias R. R. Lathrop: executive com
mittee, W. U. Finley. L. B. Smith. Mlas Grace
EdwarJa and Professor Lange. The executive
committee will take steps looking toward affili
ation with the undergraduate student orjanlza-
The following committee is arranging for the
next senior assembly, which will be held in
Hearst Hall on December 20: Miss Tallulah
Le Conte (chairman). Miss Sarah McLean. M.
A Markwart Fred Johnston, J. E. Roadhouse.
a] T. Todd. F. J. Booth, Miss Carlotta Case.
Miss Marlon Burneea and Miss Ida Henderson.
Colonel O. M. Bauer, '97. has presented to
the .university two medals, which will b«
awarded to the rlfla shots making tbe highest
score this year.
The Bouvenir programme for tha football
game is an elaborate sample of the printer's
handiwork. There are signed articles by Cap
tains Overall and Bansbach of comment on the
probable result of the (tame. The cover design
represents the two captains standing upon
pedestals and holding footballs on their knees.
Leslie Turner, 03, of California and George
Kdwards of Stanford wrote' tha introductions,
and Robert Roos and Charles Keeler of Cali
fornia the college yells. The rest of the book
ts filled with data and statistics of former
games.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
Mr. Ledyard was a kindly and -affable
gentleman of the old school. He was
born in Road,. Wiltshire, England, and
when a young man emigrated to Canada.
After the death of his wife,, twenty-four
years ago, he came to Alameda and took
up his residence with his daughter. Later
ho made a trip to his native land, but re
turned here to live. Deceased leaves five
children— T. D. Ledyard of Toronto, G. L.
Ledyard of Gait, ' Canada, Dr. W. E.
Ledyard and Mrs.. George Frier of this
city and John S. Ledyafd of Berkeley.
The funeral will.be held to-morrow aft
ernoon from the late residence of the de
ceased. The Rev. William Norman Guth
rle of Christ' Episcopal Church will offi
ciate. The pallbearers will be
Koerber, Miller, Bennett, Keep, Parker
and Rogers. Interment will be in Moun
tain View Cemetery.
ALAMEDA, Nov.' 10.— Edwa'rd Thomas
Ledyard, a retired capitalist and promi
nent resident, passed away last evening
at the home of his daughter, Mrs. George
"Frier, 2117 Santa Clara avenue, at the age
of 92 years 6 months and 16 days. ? Death
was due to general weakness Incidental to
advanced age. Up to a few months ago
Mr. Ledyard was in the enjoyment of
all of his faculties and was then as
sprightly as many men who had seen but
half as many birthdays. When h© cele
brated, last April, the ninety-second an
niversary of his birth he was assisted' in
receiving guests by members of three
generations of his family— his daughter,
Mrs. George Frier; " his granddaughter,
Mrs. R. H. Manifold, and his great-gTand
daughter, little Miss Gracia Manifold. On
that occasion many of the host's callers
were Christianized Chinese he had taught
at the' Ideal Presbyterian Mission years
ago. -< • • - -
Thomas Ledyard Near
Century Mark When
Death Comes.
Last night his condition was no worse
than it had been for several days, but
something caused him to suddenly move
and begin to turn over. Before' his rela
tives realized it death had resulted. TKe
doctors say that in moving he increased
the dislocation— in fact, again broke his
neck.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 10.— An effort to
turn over in bed last night caused the
almost instant death of Walter Lang
worthy. Had he remained, still, as he
had been ordered to do by his physicians,
ha might still be living; in fact, the doc
tors say .ha had an excellent chanco of
ultimate recovery, despite the fact that
he was suffering from a broken neck.
Langworthy was a carpenter, and more
than two weeks ago while shingling a
house he fell and dislocated the vertebra
at the joint Just above the shoulders. The
pressure upon the spinal cord caused pa
ralysis of. nearly the entire body, and the
doctors said he would die in- a day. He
asked -to be taken home to die and tbat
was done. . z. , , - 1.
To the amazement of tha physicians, he
began to" Improve, the paralysis partfaliy
disappeared, showing that the tension on
the muscles was gradually lessening the
dislocation. The case was watched with
interest by a number of physicians arid
they agreed that if .Langworthy was kept
perfectly quiet he had a chance of recov
ering.
Special Dispatch to 'The CalL
"I am the only Harrington la the Oak
land postofflce," continued he, "and this
letter is plainly and clearly addressed to
me as any one can see. If It is a case
of mistaken identity the man who gets
the draft will 'have to make a strong
showing on the question as to tho woman
that bought it."
Harrington waited until the Union Na
tional Bank opened this morning and
went there to ascertain what were the
circumstances of the Issuance of the pa
per. Cashier Palmer's story only in
creased the mysterious features and left
both banker and postal official in the air.
The banker had no means of knowing
what the "unknown" was and could shed
but little llsht on the transaction. Ha
recalled the fact that the two women had
bought the certificate, because he remem
bered the circumstance of the refusal of
the purchaser to Identify herself with the
certificate. Further than that ho could
say nothing.
Cashier Palmer was ready to cash tha
certificate as soon as Harrington pre
sented It." but the superintendent was not
ready to taka the coin, as he desired first
to know whence, from whom, and for
what reason It was sent to him.
"I have had some queer experiences In
my time," said Harrington, "but this Is
somewhat unusual, to say the least. I
do not object to the money coming my
way, but when weeping women, who will
not disclose their Identity, ar© tangled up
In It I want to know a little something
about it."
Harrington said he has set an Investi
gation, going In the hope of clearing up
the mystery, but ha thinks his chance*
are somewhat remote.
HARRINGTON SHIES.
"There it is, made out to 'unknown.'
Who that 'unknown' is I am not pre
pared to say, for I have not any way of
discovering just now."
"I thought It was a 'fake' advertise
ment," said Superintendent Harrington
to-day. "But my name caught my eye
before I started to destroy the paper, and
then I read It carefully. Of course it did
not require a second reading to discover
that this was apparently a genuine draft
for $130. but strange to say 1 have not
been able to get the slightest clew to tha
sender. .• .
Opening the envelope. Superintendent
Harrington found the certificate and
nothing else. His first Impulse as he
glanced at the unfolded paper and saw
the inscription, "unknown," at tho top
line was to tear it up and throw it away.
Cashier Palmer drew out a certificate
book and started to fill out tha sheet.
He lnaulred In whose name he should
draw the certificate of deposit. The weep
ing woman answered that sha did not
desire her name to appear on the paper.
But the cashier insisted that this was
quite an unusual method and he again
requested that a name be given. Hia cus
tomer repeated that she would not hava
her name written on the certificate, so
Cashier Palmer desisted, and noted that
the certificate was drawn by "unknown. '
But the mysterious patron knew In
whose favor she desired the certificate
drawn and she did not hesitate when
asked to sign a payee's name. It was
"Charles Harrington" and so it appears
on the document as Superintendent Har
rington received it last evening through
the United States malls.
After the women left the bank that day
nothing more was heard nor seen of the
certificate until Harrington got an en
velope addressed to him at the Oakland
postofllce. It was a plain, white com
mercial size envelope, the address being
In a conventional and uncharacteristic
hand, which might have been written by
a man or a woman. There was apparent
ly no attempt to disguise the chirography.
The envelope bore postmark of yesterday,
exactly a week after the certificate was
issued.
BRAWN BY UNKNOWN.
ditions which were disclosed to-day.
Two, women, went to the cashier's win
dow at the bank a week ago yesterday
and requested Cashier Palmer to Issue
a certificate of deposit for 1150. One or
the wqmen, who was quietly weeping and
appeared to be under stress of consider
able emotion, placed $150 In gold on tha
counter. .
Oakland Office San Francl3CO Call.
HIS Broadway, Nov. 10.
Under circumstances which enshroud
the occurrence in the shadow of strange
and Inexplicable mystery, a ceruueate of
deposit for $150 has. fallen Into the hands
of Charles Harrington, superintendent cf
the money order department of the Oak
land -postofflce. The paper was Issued by
Charles E. Calmer, cashier of the Union
National Bank of this city, and the Inci
dents connected with that transaction
only serve to, heighten the peculiar con-
Effort to Turn Over in Bed
Ends Life of a Car
penter.
Bank Paper Sent to Postal
Official Who Cannot
Find Explanation. \
SAYS HER FAITH
WAS MISPLACED
"The Stanford fellows wouldn't give up
the ax when we wanted it," said Miller,
"and so we Just took it away from them.
It was a hard fight, but we won. 'Billy'
Drumm, the sprinter, got away with it at
last and after going In a roundabout way
we managed to get back to Berkeley."
Everett Brown, who helped get away
with the ax, gave a few more of the de
tails of the capture. He oaid he didn't
know whether he was a hero or a rogue,
but if he was a rogue he liked the punish
ment.
The "rooters" then formed another ser
pentine and escorted Heitmuller and the
ax to the gymnasium stepo, where there
was more yelling and more speeches.
Clinton Miller, who helped to purloin the
ax, told all about how it was done and
put in some touches that made everybody
laugh.
The revered weapon -first came down the
football field In the arms of "Ovle" Over
all, captain of the football eleven, in
whose wake trailed the band and. a long
line of rollicking, roysterlng students,
performing the serpentine aahce with the
whole world for a ballroom. The ax
looked a little the worse for. wear, for
its long wooden arm was Ions ago cut
into, souvenirs and its edge is nbt so fine,
but decrepit^as it was it furnished enough
Inspiration to last all year.
Captain Overall made a little speech be
fore the bleachers that pleased everybody.
He said he. had hidden the sacred ax in
a safe place and now was glad to bring
it out into the light again and turn it
ov« to the next custodian— "Heinle"
Heitmuller, the big rieht tackle on the
varsity team. Heitmuller accepted the
weapon and promised to take good care
of it until the next rally.
"I'll hide it away" so that even Sherlock
Holmes won't be able to find it," "Heinle"
said.
BERKELEY. Nov. 10.— This day
the California "rooters" cele
brated the anniversary of th.at
triumphant hour four years ago
when their academic ancestors
wrested the famous Stanford ax from
the "rooters", of . the rival .university.
They celebrated with tho same fervor as
they celebrate everything *lse and the
patient old ax was, cheered and feted un
til it was ready, to go bacx into its dark
stall until another year shall have rolled
by.: • • '.:- ;-,>•; .
Man With Broken Neck
Disobeys Orders
and Dies.
Weeping Woman Buys
Certificate and Hides
Identity. \
AGEO CITIZEN
PASSES AWAY
Fourth Anniversary of the Glorious Hour When the Academic An
cestors of. Students of California University Wrested Weapon
From Its Guardians of Rival College Is Wildly Celebrated
PATIENT MOVES
AND DEATH CALLS
MYSTERY COVERS
STORY OF DRAFT
TRIUMPHANT "ROOTERS" FETE
DEJECTED AX OF STANFORD
HARVARD OPENS
NEW MUSEUM
WARRANT
IS OUT FOR
AN APOSTLE
Gifts of Emperor Wil
liam Are Formally
Presented.
Mormon Church Leader
Hiding to Escape
Arrest.
DEATH CLAIMS
BRIDE OF A DAY
German People Are Preparing
to Send a Supplemental
Collection.
Polygamy the Charge Pre
ferred Against Heber
J. Grant.
Mexican Romance Ends
With Life of the .
; Bride.
Foes 6f Senator Smoot Back of Move
ment That Will Result in , .
Wholesale Prose- .
cutiona.
ALAMEDA. Nov. 10.— Two days elapsed
between the Issuance of a license to Rose
Zepeda to become the wife of Conrad
Uzeta and the issuance of a permit for
the burial of the bride, which, will take
place to-morrow. vi She breathed her last
yesterday morning, \ twenty-four hours af
ter assuming the., name of the man she
met and loved; in old Mexico when a girl
nearly forty years ago. •
Circumstances separated the lives of
the pair In Durango, where the bride of
but a day was born. When Uzeta learned
of the whereabouts of the Bweetheart of
his boyhood he was an old man, but
came to Alameda to be near her In his
declining years. When the woman, who
¦was classed among the belies of the dark
eyed senoritas of Durango forty years
ago, was stricken with her last illness
the pair decided to become one before
death prevented the union.
Tho marriage' license was procured last
Friday and on the following day the
deathbed wedding was solemnized at tha
residence of the patient, 2300 Railroad
avenue. Deceased was 54 years of age,
one year younger than the man she
leaves a widower.
Epecial ZMrpatch to T!.e Call.
SALT LAKE, Nov. 10.— A warrant was
Fworn out to-night for Apostle Heber J.
Grant of the Mormon church, charging
unlawful cohabitation with two wives. At
a late hour a deputy Eheriff was hunting
for the apostle, who apparently had
hoard of the proposed prosecution and
taken to hiding.
The case is the first of a number likely
to be brought to prove that polygamy still
< x'.s'f in Utah and to affect the seating
tif Senator Reed Smoot, .a fellow apostle
of Heber J. Grant. The warrant was
sworn out by Charles Mostyn Owen, who
Teas active in the prosecutions at the time
of the Brlgham H. Roberts case. He has
I'^rn in the employ of the persons con
ducting the anti-polygamy crusade.
The allegation is that Grant has been
living with two wives, Augusta Winters
Grant and Emily Wells Grant, the latter
a sister of Governor Heber M. Wells. The
warrant charges that the offense was
committed on October 6 of this year and
thereafter.
Grant was married in November, 1871,
to Lucy Stringham. who died in 1890. He
married Augusta Winters on May 6, 1SS4,
redding her legally after hia first wife
died. In 1S87 he married Emily Wells In
Manasseh. Colo. A child was born to her
in 1&99 and in that same year Apostle
Grant was convicted of unlawful cohabi
tatlon and fined Jioo. For two years he has
been <t missionary in Japan. A few
days ago, after his return to Utah, he
addressed a body of students and boasted
cf the fact that he had two wives and
would take another If h* dared. He was
to have left for Europe on a mission to
morrow.
AUSTRIA AND RUSSIA
REPLY TO THE PORTE
Renew Their Recommendations on
the Subject of Reforms in
Macedonia.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Nov. 10. -The Em
bassartors of Austria and Russia to-day
personally communicated to Tewnk
Pasha, the Foreign Minister, the reply of
their Governments to the Porte's an
swer of November 3 to the recent note of
the two powers on the subject of reforms
In Macedonia, receiving unfavorably some
of the points of the project. Austria and
Russia now announce that they renew the
recommendations contained in the mem
orandum of October 22.
LONDON, Nov. 11. -The correspondent
r>t the Daily Telegraph at Vienna says
that he is unable to confirm reports cir
culated from Constantinople that the
Grand Vizier has been dismissed.
WEDDING THE RESUI/T
OF STREET CAR ROMANCE
GrandFon cf Pio Pico Marries Youi:£
Daughter of Chicago Manu
facturer.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 10.— As a result of
a trivial street car accident two weeks
ago, followed by a courtship, most of
which occurred on a street car, Miss
Anna Thorne, daughter of a Chicago
manufacturer, and who is said to be
wealthy In her own right, to-night be
came the bride of Wesley Henry Pico,
grandson of General Pio Pico, the last
Mexican Governor of California before
the American occupation.
The bridegroom has been for years a
conductor on the lines of the Los Angeles
Railway Company and the bride came
here about a month ago with her mother
to spend the winter. While she was rid
ing on his car there was a slight colli
sion, in which she was thrown oft her
seat.
Pico picked her up and expressed such
solicitude for her safety that she was at r
tracted to him. She sought him out the
next day to thank him and spent an hour
or more on his car.- ¦ . ";¦»
That was the beginning of the court
ship, and almost every day thereafter s,he
rode on that car and whenever he could
spare, a moment they conversed. The
culmination came to-night, when the cou
ple secured a license just before the court
house closed and, going- to .the residence
of Justice Pearce, were married without
any of their friends being the wiser until
after the ceremony. They will now go
to Chicago arid will probably reside-there.-
MAKES A PLEA
FOR FREE TRADE
Illinois Manufacturers
Addressed by Cana
dian Lawmaker.
DIVISION OF CATHOLICS
IS PREVENTED BY POPE
Will Not Recognize Any Party in
Italy Outside of the Associa
tion of Congresses.
ROME. Nov. 10.— Attention was at
tracted to the annual meeting of the
Association of the Catholic Congresses of
Italy, held at Bologna to-day, because of
the direct effort of the Pope to prevent
a division of Catholics.
The most progressive element of the
pathPrtng threaten to abandon the more
conservative element and to form an
association of their own in which would
bo included the Social Democrats. The
Pontiff promptly suppressed the move
ment and announced through Cardinal
Merry del Val, Secretary of State, that
h» would not recognize any party outside
of the Association of Congresses.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Nov. 10.— The
Germanic Museum at Harvard Univer
sity, proposed years ago by eminent Ger
man-Americans'and fostered by Emperor
William of Germany and by Prince Henry
of Prussia, was dedicated to-day. Within
the museum are valuable gifts from Em
|jeror William, Princa Henry and other
distinguished Germans. The gifts were
presented formally to-day at the univer
sity and too German Museum Associa
tion by Baron von Dem Busscho-Hadden
liausen, first secretary of the first German
embassy at Washington, and accepted by
President Elliot on the part of the uni
versity, by Professor Kuno Francke
for the museum and by Hon. Carl Schurz
for the association.
Baron von Dem Bussche-Haddenhausen,
who represented Emperor William in the
absence of the German . Embassador,
Uaron Vernberg, made the following im
portant statement:
I am happy to couplo -with this formal pre
sentation of the Emperor's gift th« announce
ment of two other gifts which are about to
be made to Harvard University. A year ago
last April, after the friendly reception of his
Koyal Highness Prince Henry of Prussia by
the people of the United .States, there was
formed in Berlin a committee of leading men
of* telence. art. literature and finance with
the view of supplementing the Emperor's do
nation by a gift from the Gorman people. The
committee decided upon a collection of galvan
oplastic reproductions of representative Ger
man gold and silver work from the twelfth to
the end of the sixteenth century. This costly
collection, consisting of more than thirty large
and sonie twenty smaller pieces, all of them
epecimens of the best workmanship of those
centuries. Is now marly completed and I have
been authorized on this date that before the
fnd of the year this gift of the Emperor will
be in the possession of Harvard University.
It Is mo«t gratifying that still another side
of German life Is to be represented by a gift
which comes from your own midst. I refer
to tbe mwt welcome addition of the 10,000
books on the hinory of Germany and Oerman
civilization which Professor- Archibald Carey
Cuoledge Is to make to Harvard College as a
memorial to the visit of Prince Henry of
Prussia to tiie university in 1902. Ills Majesty
the Emperor, as well as his Royal Highness
Prince Henry, «re greatly pleased with this
thoughtful recognition of their interest In the
cause which brings us to gether here to-day,
and I have the honor of being the messenger
of their appreciation and thanks.
President Elliot, responding in behalf of
the university, referred to the "generous
and suggestive act of his Majesty, the
German Emperor," and said: "That act
was uniQue in the history of this uni
versity and, indeed, in the history of edu
cation."
BERLIN. Nov. 10.— An exhibition was
opened to-night at the Museum, of Indus
trial Art of the objects to be presented
to Harvard's Germanic Museum as sup
plemental to Emperor William's gifts.
The collection is the results of the ef
forts of Professor Kuno Franke of Har
vard University In interesting German
artists, scientists and capitalists in the
Germanic Museum as a means of display
ing the fatherland's art treasures in the
United States and strengthening the ties
between the two countries. The money
required was quietly collected and the
Royal MuseUm of Industrial Art" was in
trusted to carry out the wishes of the
giver?? It was decided to select the gold
smith's work of the twelfth to the seven
teenth centuries for illustration, and imi
tations of fifty-three cups of various de
signs, vases and dishes were made by an
electroplating process to compose the
gift. The articles chiefly are from the
work of Nuremburg and Augsburg
goldsmiths of the period when this art
was at maturity. Many of these objects
now are in possession or princely houses,
municipalities and museums. Emperor
William has permitted the reproduction
of several of the finest pieces in his col
lection, including the so-cailed Emperor's
cup of the sixteenth century by Wenzel
Jamitzar of Nuremburg. The Kings of
Wurttemberg and Saxony also have per
mitted copies to be made of some of their
treasures. The largest group consists of
sixteen pieces from the town hall of L/une
berg, now In possession of the Berlin Mu
seum. Among the famous pieces are the
60-called Landschadenbund cup from the
museum of Graz, the Luther cup, pre
sented to the rerormer upon his marriage
by the Wittemberg Town Council, and the
Corvinus cup, which King Corvinus of
Hungary presented to the Vienna Council
of 1642. These reproductions are so suc
cessful that an expert scarcely can de
tect the difference from the originals.
Tho collection will remain on exhibition
here for a week and will be sent to Har
vard In a fortnight.
President Names New Postmaster.
WASHINGTON. Nov. lO.-Frank Wyman
t<.-day was nominated to be Postmaster
nt St. I»uis. He Is a brother of Surgeon
General "Wyman of the public health and
marine hospital service.
CALUMET. Mich., Nov. 10.— The Interna
tional Nickel Company, which is the recognized
• Vnadian Copper Company, has just purchased
th* famous old Bruce mine, limited. The cice
paid wan SCOO.OftO. • *««.«
CHICAGO, Nov. 14.— A strong . plea for
the adoption of reciprocal free trade
in natural products between tho United
States and Canada was made by John
Charlton, member of the- Canadian Par
liament for North Norfolk, North On
tario, to-night at a banquet given by the
Illinois Manufacturers' Association.
Charlton declared that the continuance of
present Canadian tariff conditions could
only be retained by Important tariff con
cessions by the United States. Charlton
said:
Free trade in natural products is beyond
question fully earned by Canadian tariff con
ditions. The sooner it Is arranged the better
for tha interests of both countries. The pres
ent Etate of trade relations in assured. The
Alaskan boundary dispute presents Itself as a
disturbing element in its Influence on public
opinion and finds the Canadian ready to dis
play temper over what he believes to have
been a sacrifice of his rights. The tirna is
now ripe for the display of a liberal • spirit' on
the part of the United States.
CREDITOR OF AN ESTATE
FILES CHARGES OF FRAUD
Asserts That Valuable Assets Belong
ing to Late Colonel McKay Have
Been Secreted.-
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10.— Francis B.
Mark of New York, who claims to be
a creditor of the estate of the late Col
onel Nathaniol McKay to the extent of
193,000, to-day filed in the District Su
preme Court an amended bill of com
plaint alleging conspiracy in secreting and
the making- away with valuable houses
and other assets of the estate to defeat
the- rights of "creditors and others inter
ested.
It is contended that Colonel McKay was
In impaired health, mentally as well as
physically. Just prior to his death. It is
charged that stock of the, . Dewey Hotel
Company la- this city, while completely
claimed by McKay, was issued to sev
eral individuals without consideration to
defeat creditors, and that $300,000 in bonds
were issued and' secured by deed of trust.
Some of the stock, it is charged, has been
transferred to two of the attorneys in the
proceedings, who* have been made direc
tors. -.
FEDERAL GRAND JURORS
TAKE UP DIETRICH .CASE
Investigate the Charge That Nebras
ka Senator Trafficked, in Post
office- Appointments.
OMAHA, Nov. 10.— The charges against
United States Senator Charles Dietrich
of trafficking in postoffice appointments
was under Investigation by the Federal
Grand Jury to-day. It Is charged . that
Postmaster Mitchell of Alma, Neb., was
required to pay for his appointment.
Mitchell and former Postmaster Billings
are here as witnesses before the Grand
Jury-
Another case to be investigated is that
of an appointment in Saline County. It
Is asserted that every power and Influence
Senator Dietrich and his friends can
bring to bear is being concentrated on the
Grand Jury and the witnesses.
ENGINES IN COLLISION
v 'IN THE VISALIA YARDS
One Person Is Fatally Injured and
Several Others Are
Hurt
FRESNO, Nov. 10.— A special to the Re
publican from Visalia says:
At 9 o'clock to-night a serious collision
occurred here in the yards of the South
ern Pacific Company, in which several
persons were injured, one fatally. Two
engines which had completed their runs
came together at the rate of twenty-five
miles an hour. One was coming out of
and the other entering the roundhouse.
All the doctors in town were summoned
and rendered what assistance they could.
The injured are: Jack Newstadd, engi
neer, burned and lacerated: Glenn Cold
well, fireman, head gashed, semi-con
ecious; Hike Mitchell, bartender, fatally
Injured Internally; Nickerson, student,
slight bruises.
Fears He May Lose Property.
SANTA ROSA, Nov. . 10.— John J. Day
ton was to-day adjudged insane and com
mitted to the Napa Asylum by Judge Em
met Seawall. The man was instructed as
to his rights and requested that certain
witnesses be summoned. The Judge then
continued the case. Dayton was returned
to the County Jail and upon reflection
decided he preferred an Immediate hear
ing, which was granted by Judge Seawell.
Dayton has some property at Duncan's
Mills and believes there is a conspiracy
to rob him of his' property.
Thieving Bank Cashier Pleads Guilty.
CIRCL.EVILLE. Ohio. Nov. 10.-J. K.
Brown, for many years cashier of the
Holland Bank, to-day pleaded guilty to
an indictment charging embezzlement
and was sentenced to seven years In the
penitentiary.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 10. — Governor Pardee
thU afternoon appointed J. R. Banks of Uklah
a fruit inspector for that district.
Bank Commissioners Hake Report..
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 10.— Governor
Pardee has received the twenty-fifth an
nual report of the Board of Bank Com
missioners. There are 356 banks m the
State. During the year there was a gain
of seven savings banks, twenty-six com
mercial banks and eleven national banks,
with a loss of one private bank. Tfie
total assets and liabilities of all the
banks, savings, commercial, private and
national, amounts to $569,149,912, an In
crease during the year of $74,471,334.
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1903.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10.— The condition of
Commissioner General of Immigration Prank
P. Sargent to-night Is reported as very mucb
better. A steady Improvement Is noted. '
HAHVEYVILLE. Kans.. Nov. 10.—Blood
hounds are on the trail of the murderer of
William Sraale, a farmer near Harvey vllle,
who was ehot by an unknown assassin ' last
evening.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 10.— Dan Casner of Poway
came into town and stabled two fine mares at
the Granger corral. During the night a Mexi
can whose name is not known entered the
corral and killed one of -the mares and severely
injured the other. The motive Is not known.
The police believe they have located the ' of
fender and his arrest will follow.
The American Fruit Company filed
articles "of Incorporation with the County
Clerk. The principal place of business of
the company is to be in this city. The di
rectors are Isham Case, Frances J. John
son, John W. Gwilt. Abblo F. Phillips and
E. L.. Hotchklss. The capital stock of the
is J100.00Q.
OAKLAND, Nov. 10.— -Articles of Incor
poration of the Church of the Nazarene
of Berkeley were filed to-day. The di
rectors are Charles C. Cornwall, "VVllllam.
H. Girvin, E. A. Mitchell, Jacob House,
B. "Summers, R. B. Barley and ¦William
AVblters. • • * ' ¦-¦¦-.
Incorporations.
Lolita Armour Is Fully Recovered.
CHICAGO. Nov. 10.— Lolita Armour,
whom Dr. Lorenz of Vienna' treated for
hip disease; Is so far recovered that she
is able to dance. She has entered a pri
vate dancing academy and will soon be
able to mover with all the freedom of other
children.
The association recently formed by the
patrolling special police officers of this
city, and of which Sam Doggett is presi
dent and Paul Schmidt secretary, held a
meeting yesterday afternoon at Red Men's
Hall, on Bush street. Several new mem
bers were initiated, and reports of the
various officers of the organization were
to the effect that the latter is now on a
good financial footing.
Special Police Meet.
4
• ADVEBTISEBIEjirTS.,
The wonderful progress
of this Association is
shown by the following
(^^^^^^) table of sales :
8,000 Barrels sold in 186S.
i 18,000 Barrels sold in 1870.
131,035 Barrels sold in 1880.
702,075 Barrels sold in 1890.
939,768 Barrels sold in 1900.
1,109,315 Barrels sold in 1902.
Largest Brewery in the World
i -;. TILLMANN & BENDEL, Pacific Slo^ Distributer*
JNO. J. FULTON CO.
Bright's Disease and
Diabetes News.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 9, 1903.—
We are permitted this week to record
the recovery of Mr. William Pettit of
1240 Mission street, known in business
circles in this city. He was failing, and
as the disease was of a progressive char-
acter an examination was made by his
physicians, who discovered that it was
diabetes, and told him he could not get
well. He put himself on the Fulton
Compound, has recovered and now per-
mits this announcement. To now meet
him on the street one would never sus-
pect he had ever had a supposedly in-
curable disease. .
Mr. R. Petry of 842 Oak street, Ala-
meda, also permits us to refer to his
case. He is connected with the Mc-
Nicoll Elevator Works of this city.
Eight months ago progressive emacia-
tion developed. He grew so weak that
he was unable to carry all his tools.
When he had lost twenty pounds the
symptoms were all so suggestive of
Bright's Disease that friends urged Ful-
ton's Compound. He is now on his
ninth week of the treatment and reports
the total disappearance of all the symp-
toms and that he has regained his nor-
mal weight and strength and is well
again.
If you have Bright's Disease or Dia-
betes send for literature to the Jno. J.
Fulton Co., 409 Washington street, Sari
Francisco, sole compounders of the
only cure in the world for. Chronic
Brigh'ts Disease and Diabetes. Recov-
eries in about 87 per cent of all cases.
You know of some one who has one of
these diseases and has given up hope,
believing he is incurable. Help him and
his family by mailing this notice to
them.It Is easy to be comfortable with a
small gas heater for your rooms, and with
a gas range in the kitchen life becomes
worth living. Buy them from San Fran
cisco Gas and Electric Co., 415 Post st. •
ABERDEEN. Wash., Nov. 10.— Strong
winds are steadily driving the schooner
C. A. Thayer harder on the beach, where
she stranded yesterday, and there is now
lltle hope of saving the vessel. Captain
Minsen and his crew are still on board,
but in no immediate danger. A tug stands
by, ready to assist.
Schooner Thayer Now in Peril.
O NEW .YORK. ', Nov. ; 10. — Th« hearlnr *of \ the
affairs in the United States Shipbuilding Com
pany, "which was 'to have been resumed, to-day,*
was ¦ postponed - until ¦-. Thursday - owing to '.the
illness bt one - of - the attorneys. * » . ¦
takes flrst to j human milk; ..that: falling,*
the' mother 1 turns " at ; once f tq-_ cow's \ milk
as ] the ibest substitute." Borden's ;J Eagle
Brand? Condensed Milk is ¦ a ; cow's milk
scientifically * adapted : to the '- human \ in
fants Stood first for forty- five years. •
The Infant
BAKERSFIELD, Nov.'- 10.— The~ ¦' first
wreck ' on the : Sunset branch of the ' Santa
Fe occurred" late yesterday , evening,*- when
several ; freight cars jumped' the track and
wentlnto T a ditch; causing a delay of sev
eral ? hours \ to: the : train. The Sunset line
has ; been ; in operation' two , years without
the ; slightest : accident
Freight Cars Jump the Track.
LOS? ANGELES, tNov. 10.— The Bakers
fleld and Ventura Railroad . has . closed a
contract • with > the : Illinois Steel , Company
for 600 tons of steel rails, to, be delivered
In December. ,' A . contract ¦ for' 15,000 !tons
more : ! will : probably . : be ;- closed f within a a
week. . Officials ¦ of { the ,new;company.. have
announced \ that final ; preparations ] for .; the"
commencement;, of ,' construction:. are ex
pected to be concluded within a few days.
The projected road '.will run : from Bakers
fleld •: to Ventura} and ' Hueneme : on . : the*
coast. .*-, ¦- B9S9fiHs9B8B9l
Tons' of Steel Ordered.
VALLEJO, Nov. 10.— Word has been re
ceived . at the navy ; yard , to * the effect
that the United States training ship Alert
will ; return* here "about '• December 1 _ and
be put^ out ' of 'commission, to remain out
about T six months. > The: news has caused
some surprise, . as it . Is only,, a ; compara
tively short time since the vessel left here
for a a- cruise with ; apprentices. ; : ;
ORDER - CAUSES SURPRISE ;
AT MARE ISLAND YARD
Training Ship Alert to Return .'With
Apprentices Early Next
";i ; " ¦:.'¦¦ • Month. '
VENTURA. Nov. 10.— Fire at \ Fillmore
has 'destro yed r the principal . business sec
tion of that village. Only meager infor
mation Is obtainable, as the telephone
lines were burned out at Fillmore. It is
known . that i: Harmon Sons* general mer
chandise, store and the Lagomardno
buildings were destroyed. "¦' The loss will
exceed $20,000. ' j£jjlg&gi$gggj . ' y
Fillmore in Ventura County .. Suffers
Severely From Fire in Business
- Section.
FLAMES MAKE A BTJIN
. - OF PORTION OF VILLAGE
Supposed Pauper Leaves a Fortune.
DES MOINES, Iowa, Nov. 10 Joe
Walkenheimer, an aged bachelor, living
in a hovel in a suburb of this city, was
found dead In his bod to-day. Walken
heimer was supposed to be a pauper, but
when his place was searched a will was
found leaving $25,000 In bank to rela
tives in St. Louis.
NEW YORK. Nov. 10.— James Stillman
was to-day elected a director of the New
York Central Railway to succeed E. V.
RosweJl. Stlljman. who is president of
the National City Bank, was also elected
a member of the executive of the road.
The election of Mr. Stillman as a director
of the New York Central was regarded
as significant in Wall street, because of
his close connection with the Rockefeller
interests.
Change in Railroad Directorate.
It Is said that Mrs. Duke separated
from her husband a year ago after refus
ing to sign . certain papers in connection
with property : owned by her. .. She came
to Los Angeles and has since disappeared.
She Is now being sought in order that le
gal papers in two suits may be served
upon her.
It is understood that Mr. Duke is pre
pared to. bring suit for divorce "and to
quiet title on the property to which Mrs.
Duke refused to sign a deed. Mrs. Duke
Is • described as a handsome " woman about
28 years of age. ,
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 10.— Attorneys
and detectives representing B. L. Duke of
Durham, N. C, a son of President Duke
of the American Tobacco Company,, are
searching Los Angeles and. other cities In
Southern California for Mrs. Minnie Duke,
wife of the tobacco manufacturer.
SELMA, Nov. 10.— Booker T. Washing
ton, the ! famous colored educator, was
placed in the galaxy of "big tree im
mortals" last summer by having one of
the Kaweah Park sequoia glgantla named
after him.
. Word came to-day from the mountains
that an error was made In the placing of
a : sign to locate the tree named in his
honor. Captain Young of the colored cav
alry troop now .guarding the park was
entrusted with the duty, of placing the
sign on the tree, which Is the biggest In the
grove. By mistake , he tacked the name
plate; oh another tree two ' miles away.
It seems "that the "big trees" all looked
alike: to the colored/troopers, who were
not familiar with the exact location of
the giant of the grove. -
Special Dispatch to The CalL
BERLIN. Nov. 10.— The Wax Ministry au
thorises the press to d>ny the report published
by a news agency in the United 8tates yester
day that the Ministry for War had prohibited
the sale tn the German army and navy of
clears and cigarettes of the American Tobacco
Company, and that only German goods would
be allowed to be sold.
Mrs. Minnie Duke Is
Wanted for Service
• of Legal Papers.
Name of Booker Wash
ington Misplaced in
Kaweah Park.
CHICAGO. Xov. 10. — The City Council last
night passed an ordinance prohibiting: tho sale
of toy pistols In Chicago.
SALINAS, Nov. 10.— On complaint of
State Fruit Inspector Judd officers have
arrested George W. Sill of Watsonvllle
on a charge of having violated the pro
visions of the State law regarding the
shipping of fruit Improperly labeled. Sill
says that If the law has been violated It
was done through a misunderstanding.
Fruit Inspector Causes Arrest.
WIFE IS SOUGHT
BY DETECTIVES
OFFICER LABELS
THE WRONG TREE
SEATTLE. Wash., Nov. 10.— The meet-
Ing in this city of the United States Board
of General Customs Appraisers has been
postponed Indefinitely because of the ill
ness in San Francisco of Judge de Vrles,
a member of the board. The board was
to have met in Seattle to-day.
Appraisers 9 Meeting Is Postponed.
BAKERSFIELD, Nov. 10.— Phil Rogers,
an oil pumper, was found dead by the
road near Kern River with a bullet hole
through the brain. By his side was a
small empty bottle marked "poison" and
in his left hand he clutched a pistol, with
four empty shells. No cause is known
for the act. The deceased was about 43
years, -of age and a married man with
two'chlldren, all living at the oil field.
Oil Pumper Commits Suicide.
Apparently the three highwaymen de
cided that everybody on the train had
been alarmed and that robbery would be
Impossible, for they disappeared and the
train moved forward at once.
The man who had followed the brake
man then seized Rodenhaver by the
throat and pointed a revolver at his face,
sayine:
"You go back and tell your partner and
the conductor not to come ahead. We
will look after this end. of the train."
The highwayman then demanded that
Rodenhaver hand over his money. The
brakeman declared that he had no money.
The robber then demanded the railroad
man's watch. Rodenhaver declared that
he had only a cheap watch. The highway
man then ordered the brakeman back to
the rear end and as Rodenbaver started
two shots were fired behind him. One of
the men on the blind baggage had .gone
forward and had covered Fireman James
Linn with a revolver. Conductor J. R.'
Smith of Spokane, who was In charge of
the train, was coming forward on the op
posite side with orders for the engineer
when the two shots were flred. The two
men from the front end of the train halted
him by shooting at the ground In front of
his feet.
The highwaymen were discovered on the
train by the head brakeman, J. E. Roden
haver of Spokane. His attempt to put
the men off the train precipitated the
shooting and foiled the plans of the rob
bers. The train pulled westward imme
diately following the shooting, leaving the
highwaymen behind.
At Jocko, Rodenhaver discovered a man
riding on the trucks beneath the express
car and ordered him off. As the brake
man proceeded forward this man followed
him. Arriving at the tender the brake
man discovered two men riding on the
blind baggage. The brakeman ordered
these men down and they refused to
move. Rodenhaver then declared that he
would shoot unless they left the train at
once. ....
SPOKANE. Wash., Nov. 10.— Northern
Pacific train No. 3 from the East, which
reached Spokane early this morning, was
held up at Jocko, Mont., by three armed
highwaymen, who fired six shots at the
members of the train crew.
Special Dlepatch to The Call
Attempt Made to Hold
Up Northern Pacific
SAX DIEGO, Nov. 10.— Five boys of
Elslnore, whose ages range from 18 to 21
years, have been convicted by a jury of
malicious mischief, perpetrated on Hal
loween, and fined in sums ranging from
$5 to $15 by Judge Park. They were
charged with breaking windows, tipping
over outhouses and cutting the flagpole
off ttoe Xestor schoolhouse.
Mischievous Boys Are Convicted.
The rock bears every evidence of hav
ing passed through Intense heat. It is of
a whitish color, with nodules over the
•urface. which might be converted into
sets for jewelry-
SELMA, Nov. 10.— W. B. Maxwell, who
recently picked up a piece of meteoric
rock near this place, has received word
from the Smithsonian Institution at
Washington asking that he contribute the
tpcclmen to the national curiosity shop,
where It will be available for scientific
study.
Selma Resident Receives a Request
From the Smithsonian In
stitution.
GOVERNMENT SCIENTISTS
WANT METEORIC ROCK
ROBBERS SHOOT
AT TRAINMEN
A committee of the Chamber of Com
merce has prepared a report which bit
terly assails the railroad and which will
be forwarded to the company in San
Francisco at once.
PORTLAND, Nov. 10.— Attorneys are
preparing papers In a suit to be Instituted
against the Southern Pacific Company by
the lumbermen of Portland to compel that
company to furnish cars for the trans
portation of products of the mills. This
step was decided upon after a number of
mill men had talked the situation over
yesterday.
As many as 800 loaded cars are said to
have been standing on sidetracks during
the past few weeks and have not been
started for their destinations owing to
the lack of motive power on the road.
The present car shortage has worked
hardships upon many of the mills and
repeated requests for relief have failed
to bring about any change. As a result
the lumbermen have reached the con
clusion that "patience ceases to be a
virtue" and the suit will be entered within
the next ten days in the names of all the
lumber firms in the citj* and a number
along the line of the Southern Pacific.
One of the charges will be discrimina
tion. Some of the lumber comoanles in
Southern Oregon are alleged to be regu
larly favored by the road In the matter
of cars being furnished as they are de
sired and quickly dispatched. The recent
increase in freight rates from Portland
to California points will be Included in
the complaint. Under present conditions
there is a rate of 37 cents to California
points from Portland, while from Salem
it Is but 15 cents.
Special EMrpatch to The Call
Shortage of Cars Is Declared to Have
Caused Great Loss to the Owners
of Mills Near Fort
land.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 10.— At a meeting
to-day of the commission appointed by
the last Legislature ..to inspect various
voting machines, the Columbia and United
States Standard makes were approved as
meeting all requirements. The counties
which may install them were advised to
require indemnity bonds against patent
infringement suits.
Voting Machine Models Approved.
The matter has been occupying the at
tention of Judge Lennon for several days
and will be again tajien up In court on
Thursday. The present entanglement
came Into court about two weeks ago,
when an account was filed which showed
a discrepancy of $7008 25. Mrs. Kettler,
the guardian, asked that Thomas P. Boyd
be substituted as her attorney in place
of J. W. Cochrane. The Judge appointed
Attorney J. W. Keys to represent the rive
minor children. Mrs. Kettler was ordered
to file a supplemental account, eliminat
ing a great many Hems that were in the
original account. v
M F. Cochrane was ordered to make
an accounting to Mrs. Kettler for his
business relations with the estate. Mrs.
Kettler filed her revised account yester
day and Cochrane offered his statement
this morning. He was the chief witness
of both morning and afternoon sessions.
It developed that Attorney Cochrane,
brotlfer of M. F. Cochrane, had been paid
$300 as a fee for putting Mrs. Kettler
through insolvency. Judge Lennon re
buked Cochrane for allowing Mrs. Kettler
to follow that course when he knew she
was not liable for her husband's debts.
This fee, it was admitted, came
from the children's estate. M. F. Coch
rane also had a charge against the es
tate of the children, $437 30 for services
as financial adviser to Mrs. Kettler. He
had no contract and no voucher to show
that any of that amount had been paid.
Mrs. Kettler subsequently denied that any
such arrangement had been made between
herself and M. F. Cochrane to act for
the minors. Judge Lennon did not deem
it a claim against the children and or
dered that Cochrane return the money.
Several other minor items were also
thoroughly scrutinized. M. F. Cochrane
i had Mrs. Kettler's power of attorney to
draw checks. When she was placed upon
the stand to-day Judge Lennon asked her
why she gave this power of attorney.
"Because, your Honor," said Mrs. Kett
ler, "both J. W. and M. F. Cochrane told
me I had no legal right to handle any
money."
Judge Lennon. in adjourning court
stated he wanted a satisfactory under
standing by Thursday.
The five Kettler children, ranging from
3 to 10 years, were left from the Beitemann
estate about $200,000 in trust. W. J. Kett
ler, the father of the children, was left
a life annuity, and at his death that in
terest was to go to his children. He died
a few years ago and his personal estate
was Insolvent. Mrs. Kettler was appoint
ed administratrix of W. J. Kettler's es
tate and also guardian of the children.
The children's income amounts to about
$400 per month.
¦M. F. Cochrane, who has acted as Mrs.
Kettler's adviser, who also ordered to re
turn several hundred dollars forthwith,
as well as to satisfactorily explain the
ultimate disposition of a certain $100
check. ;'.'•:¦
SAN RAFAEL. Nov. 10.— After two days
of Inquiry by Judge Lennon of the Marin
County Superior Court and several attor
neys into the condition of the Kettler es
tate, it has developed that considerable
money wnlch was paid out and charged
against th" estate of the Kettler minors
was not a liability against that estate,
and. If a Just claim at all. should have
been charged against Mrs. Kettler, the
guardian, personally. As a result Judge
Lennon this afternoon ordered J. "W.
Cochrane, formerly attorney for Mrs.
Kettler, to return to the estate the sum
of $300.
Special Dispe-tcfa to The Call.
Sume months ago Anderson was ar
rested on the complaint of Rosa Schmidt,
a sweetheart, whom he had Induced to
come to Portland from Germany under
promise of marriage. When she arrived
he refused to marry her and finally left
her. Changing his mind later, he followed
the girl, who then disliked him and again
had him arrested for bothering her.
The court made Anderson promise to
leave town and he at once shipped on the
Dunslaw.
Andersen was the only sailor on the
•jark Dunslaw who refused to mutiny dur
i~g the rec«nt terrible storm off the Ore
gon coast. While attempting to obey or
ders he was washed overboard and
<2rowned-
PORTLAICD, Or.. Nov. 10.— His Insane
infatuation for a pretty German girl
vrl i-.zn b« had once desert«d was t&« Indi
rect <-aus« of Julius Anderson losing his
life.
Special rn-p»«* to Th* C*I1.
Discrimination in Freight
Business One of the
Charges.
Affairs of the Large Estate
Continue to Cause
Oregon Companies Pre"
pare to Sue South
ern Pacific.
Infatuation for a Girl Indi
rectly Causes Loss of
Life.
Marin Oounty Judge
Makes Order in
Kettler Case.
Hapless Sailor f s Ro
mance Ends in a
Storm at Sea.
LUMBERMEN
JOIN AGAINST
A RAILROAD
COURT DEMANDS
RETUBN OF COIN
DEATH CURBS
A FUTILE LOVE
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1903.
5
ADVEBTiaEMENTa. , :
l^i/§§^ Idtil a ome can e completely
WW HFSBS^IaGH happywithout them, yet the
ordeal through which the ex-
I%Ii[S§"0i!§^/f^ pectant mother must pass usually is
l^^flilliB H S0 °^ sufFerin^, danger and fear
1 IhSS^SI that she looks forward to the critical
, , . . . - ' our apprehension and dread.
Mother S Tnend, by its penetrating and soothing properties,
allays nausea, nervousness, ; and all unpleasant feelings, and
so prepares the system for the
ordeal that she passes through 1&I1 g± ®^v ok Wb$ £%
the event safely and with but |^^HKraBii&^R
have testified and said, "it is
worth its weight in gold." $1.00 per ICgfeJi^VBfe^S
bottle of druggists. Book containing || B ™ S &^ i 1 a i
valuable information mailed free. H H S^^SS^lB
T«£ BRAOHELD REGUUTOS CO-«iAtlant«. G*.
ADVEBTISEMEITrS.
THE STRENUOUS LIFE
A Great Strain.
No one disputes the fact that we are
living In a "rapid" age; It is rush, rush,
rush from morning until night, and com-
petition is so fierce that the struggle does
not cease until the machine Is worn out.
Women, too, even when surrounded by
every comfort, become infected by the
common spirit, and what with their clubs
ana many social duties, have no time to
Sive thought to their physical well-being
until they are suddenly brought to a
eharp realization of the fact that nothing
in their lives is so important as attention
to correct or rational living.
It may surprise the reader to learn that
women are more prone to piles than men,
and in most cases because It is difficult to
impn ss upon them the importance of reg-
ular movements of the bowels; Irregular-
ity means straining at stool, and strain-
ing means piles, with the certainty (un-
der the usual methods of treatment) that
the sufferer will "have them always with
h<r"; by "usual methods" Is meant the
application of salves and lotions, or (as a
la Ft resort) a surgical operation.
If there is a complaint which entails
more <Ji5treEs and suffering upon those af-
flicted than piUs or hemorrhoids, it is not
known to the writer; fortunately, how-
ever, these are learning that there Is
a remedy that effectually cures all forms
of piles; it is known as the Pyramid Pile
Cure, is tn suppository form, is applied
directly to the parts, and does Its work
quickly and painlessly; it Is cold by drug-
gists at B0 cents a package, or will be
mailed by the makers to any address
upon receipt of price.
Mrs. L. M. Joliff. Pharisburg, Ohio,
says: "I feel it my duty to acknowledge
the great benefit I have received from the
use of Pyramid Pile Cure. For several
months I suffered untold agony from the
bleeding pllef, and was finally advised by
•a Columbus doctor to get Pyramid Pile
Cure at once, which I did, and on© !k>x
completely cured me. I advise all euf- :
fcrers to use ft." Write the Pyramid !
Drug Co.. Marshall. Mich., for their little I
book on the causes and cure of piles. ,
H IS THE MARK OF ||
JV.;| CLUETT, PEABODY db CO. fp
¦D*OTTCII17C FOR BARBERS. BA-
13 ri U Oil HO ""rs. bootblacks, bath-
hotues. billiard tables,
brewers bookbinders, ca.ndy-ma.kers, canners,
c"yie. flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hansrers, printers, painters, ehoe factories,
ftt&blemeo. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BPCKATTAW BEOS.,
BmjJi lffaagfactnrer». 609 Sacramento St.
v-ylgP^bJ MENJLNDWDMcft.
VJCS^tCIlXfeSKM Cie B!f C foronn»turU
xSSyU liil ««fi/ffl diachircet.innfciuiaat'cDS,
£tMf Ouruml if irritations or clcentiona
ti^S t»t t» «rtet«r». of a a cons membrane*.
t- T rr»»«»i (Htti'w- Painieu, and not aitrla-
gjVyKESTWCKtMimCa. »ent or »oiionoui.
irtSl ataum,9BBa *•** *»x x>tsis«-ibu,
AJBLj3tw br «XFresi, prepaid, for
VX^V^T^-'TgSnS $1.W. or S bottles (2.71.
¦ Circular sect «a rsqnwt.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
FBiaSH JUfD 8 AI.T XSATB.
rfAJ. U\Jli*J CL \AJ. Clay. : TeL Main 12M.
" ~~ OILS. ' .-•-., .
LUBRICATTlfO OILS: LEONARD * ELLIS.
«lg "Front tU. 8. F. Fhona Main m».^ - ,
EC HUGHES, .uBSSar.
'> ¦ THE EMPORIUM ; . j THE EMPORIUM | THE EMPORIUM | THE EMPORIUM^
1 WgSI inUS 16C BP j Special 'Sale Goods ordered by mail v Handkerchiefs IOC
5 --— _*^- ¦ ?7 aenfj ortelephonlwillnotbesenttO.D. Worth a Third More
g Worth 250X0 500 yd. for; in » _^ Goods Thousand, of handkerchief, on .ale
¦f Tne bett Telling bargain we have been able to v~«»«. S ,S} f Af " — ¦ *». j ' c 1
| offcryoufcrrponU!.,* good .Mortmentcf XmaS VY? JL7 f , » HI to-dav at • .aving of at least one-.
g novelty veilings worth 25c, 35c and .<oc BooK f' £ / T^t / f^ J^f^V Jf M § ff/" && third, an; excellent opportunity to
«f yard; all of th:m n:w dcsigni tnd effects, in- /*•„*„ M £ &S^L~S M M&iiJ^ \J £*&&$'£&&. T\ot\\W make Xmas purchases. In the as-
K duding b .ck Tuxedo, black dotted | Tuxedo , ™** [ California^ largest- --'"*¦ - mm*** •*» SO rtment will be found all kind* .ait-
s' and back ani wh te mixed «• dFtk lO&VC* " NOW. ut r j • i j •
$ *dln m -Wed«&> only, ® 85 G ~--V&&^**~Z^RXCKS grandest STORE able for wom-n and girls, damty
K yard . . . . . . .... mmmm—mmmmmmmMmmmmmmmmmm~mmm——mmmmmmmmmmm.—mmmmmmmmm—m^mmm—immmmmmmmmm—mm '*« edge effects, ' plain hcmitltched
| special une """ ? New Styles Dress Skirts "i d D « 08 u P w to Tot
I Stylish Millinery ve'flfe^v The Instep Length : £%g%S7 : onl7 * " ch to °
£ A line of handsome Turbans — felt, • *£nlt*rCu SMtl Fit&ltQU
*£ velvet and braid hats, trimmed in T[V^lr -"" Something decidedly new and interesting KmSBtif&S &QC
tf "all the newest, and most pleasing J*& "in Dress .Skirts, exclusively ours — shirred ##---#-» MaMnnM90A
5 effects, with plumes, pompons, 7 ° ke and P Iaitcd lkirt » » hirrcd h Y * patented. *JMMGM 9 VlrGSii 9 jS,€JC
* aigrettes and breasts; also black and A f /JT / V 1^ process which prevents stretching and rip- This is winter weight underwear — and
§ Fie"nch sailor hats, in the new, win- ' - V^f if I /ftfcpk pine, made of iine Henrietta Voile, in in- extra good coc articles — heavy
S> * ter colorings and neatly trimmed; a* \ T // ¥ \^V\ • te P le n gth, navy _ and black — now ready. fleece lined cotton vesta and pants;
also bonnets and toques, designed fly^ v^^^/L^^'A and can be had shortly in royal blue, gray, the vests high neck and long sleeves.
jj. by our own skilled milliners, and SA-JIfflL^jWf cream, brown, tan and red if desired. the pants full lengths and French
1 1 trimmed with plumes, breasts and W&fll&Zy M ™Y womcn and mis! " of s " cnder fi S urc bands> tht C ° IorS silvcr S r^J and 0Br
5 aigrettes; values from $8.50 to VflSiS^ will be interested in this latest clever con- extraordinary price for Wednesday
§ 510.00 each— now g*g+ Q£jk fj^l^^V ccit, wh : ch can be worn for street or only, per garment 28c
;jj on »a eat .... mjWmm*%* - fflMfilllil evening wear. Were you to fiad this Main Aisle.
\ V Second Floor Left. /J^flflilliill decidedly practical novelty elsewhere i: Ows^nt^WU f*nnri^
¦ § -- — _ m -_- /sW«^IlnM\li\\\\ • would cost you at leas: one-third more Uriipery IXUUUS
g MOtiOnS— LtntngS JEffJllMimVA than our low intr °- &4<& a a* at Reduced Prices
1$ Very Little Prices • MIrMI lIHlftVi ductory price . . . SpMdZm&UJt 36-Inch Bedroom Curtain Muslin— Rcg-
K Fancy Wood Glove Darners, each... 50 &¦ !Mm\MmW;$W$S\ ' Uiariy 20c vard; reduced to close
I ss js&rsgsaari-.'ssiis MswJiii™fc/ DresJ r? Kir ? Ior SI T mi Ev6 r' w t ra j •••••' is o
\i ;J5 Z™ t 'S'S t 54-tochEn£li S h C olor.dMu S lta-Ga J r.
«f Boys' leather Knee Caps. P alr....a6o jBBmttMMVmSmmB^ ° e S rcc OI D « ut y * n^ p.MU.tDl.lty in anteca to wash; regulany 40c yard.
* Dr. Hollems' Shoulder Brace, each. SOc K^BB^^ujllM§mW^^^^ these new tkirts, voiles are favorites. nQW 3Of*
J (Xo more stooped shoulders 1/ worn.) ' The Y arc elaborately and effectively ,. . , *-" * " .* *r * ,'./ ~*;f
I infAlKf aSSS SfSr!:;:« mmLd in bands and strap, of taffeta »**,** SSS^^A
5 New Broadcloth SKirU.. $10. 00, $. S .oo, $21.50 and upward j,. 75 pieces, now . . .756
X Feather stitch I3raid, piece 6 yds.ioo . • Maternity SKirts— Oi broadcloth— price ..;.-.: ; . $10.00 25 p} eccs> now m m $f m QO
it French invisible Hairpins.'Vpkgs!! 60 Second Floor — Front. $ I. oo pieces, now . . . BOo
Jf P^^DaVnTn^lflKpoo?. 0 ! 3 !!! 7^ tf^Slih^B* t^^O#fe T^SJf^ffCS EtC 5OC pieces, now . 2 5c
£ Heavy loop top Hairpins. . ....... .15o SLG^aSaS&ff^ €XOUU9j B STSIS HBIfcS&j &.UU,m 2Qc Dgnhaj—Choice designs and color:
§ SluSd^^r^^iSSSci:-'^:-:® These qualities and good styles not ing , width 3 6inches; now.yd 15c
ti Silk Blanket Bindings, colors, yd... 5o Obtainable elsewhere at the S3me prices c CUV—Red oreen bine and
i ss?-ssLt Ii Bft ii assr^a. <^.a! «¦»'•:«";' %%&*&&@^£g& ¦?¦ Cr Z, c«t.r %$% °' 7 T7«t
5* Emery Bags, each: .5o icakd leathers, gun metal ir gilt fram:«, .. long «hap;, handy to carry, leather hnei, *•"*¦** Vf*^.' B J '* gsn
•l Crib or Blanket Pins, two for...... 5c the new shape . . 25C inside pocket 25o now . .., . ..... . OUC
S Krn B c5a h uS n SSfdS 1O % yd " ?e S^l *t& ?^ ««, w: t h " lt poc^t, . g^ 5JS Women', wrapper, of fancy .triped
S J^Z™TS?^rin™et£?',i&^:::J* . Pe ." la *V •?> *™. met . al c . ha "? "tl^'Z . . .... ..... . . . SUOO flannelette and figured percale, yoke
Jf Llgnt-welRht Dress Shields, pr. . . .10c ms»d-. pocket, full leather lined . .»#.35 Music Roll-Calf .todc, .worted ihades, fuU effect C...J waist^-j.. biahoo lleeves"
ti Omo Dress Shields, pr 25e Automobile Batft-Rrd saffron, moire »ik riz e . 7So cttect, mtea waist lining^unop jlcevcs,
J The UnlngS lined, with pur;e to match. . . . $1.0O Muj j c ' Ba S " 1 Heavy calf 'ttoct, *harn«. turn 0VCr C ° Ilar and dce ? floQDCe Oa
5" 36-in. Mercerized^Sateen, colors, yd.flOc Automobile, Bags - Genuine seal, leather stitched, double handle, does not bend the skirt. The collar, .leeve and yoke
•f New* ' More^e'rr (rich molfe).* 'yd! ! ! !35o handles, purse to match, full Kzt.$1 m 73 musx $1.SO trimmed with fancy braid, neat stripes
$ Samson Lining Silk. 19 in.'. yd....58o In Rotunda. fgQ— -^-i mi*'' "^ and figured effects, in navy, red, black
K heSam i;m^: a ::t) ednotto This splendid Trunk- and £¦£• , w
S spin, rear or cut.) duck cove-ed waterproof f PS=fT^& $1.15 Percale Wrappers 75c.
t' Section 6-Left. "^ .^.^gE^ SSkm.^rWM Wrappers 93c
I Go f fee Filter »* £t « l c^\ and , b * u " rner M ™ ££ Ca5hmere wr app .r,, snx
* 50o Kind 25O bumpers, Excc'sior lock, heavy- gg^^^^J^^^m^^ Kimonas-A very large a S ,ortment of these
*• ' , . . . .. .*. strapped, 2 trays, top tray with " dainty houie garment* m all the latest styles and
• stf A fine aluminum percolator, to put imid: the ,. . r . r --.-./ r ttB^S^K^^S . • l -e „ , 11 1
X coVe or tea pot; keep, tea of coffee clear division for hat. f^BHH fgfi colcr^g beWuUy maae, Wl make mc,t at-
*: and fr== from grounds, will fit any me pot; 28 in. . . S8.OO 34 in . . .$9.5O * :^a^T^S9 * i * .pprec^rc. by
% an almost indiiprnuble article of household 30 in. . . $8.5Q 36 m . . $10.00 nn *« «->O nn
\ -„ s 5 op, |. . . 2so >; i- v S9, 0 o 3 s in . . 5fo.se r w-" ~ sssrassBsas^-gss
5 Household DepH— Main floor. - Hnen Dress Suit Case — Very light m Grain Leather Club Bag- Linen lined, with silk Ne^lllces $12.50 to $50.00.
|f Weight, gOOd braSJ lock and Catches, pocket inside, Strong lock and Catches, wmml^^mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmi>^mmmmmmmmmmmm
I Sato Scarf s. Etc. t8SS^Sjgi$g$g£ ut^sv&W^S*ao Crockery Deft.
K Pretty Stamped Linens .. Dress Suit Ca-e— Solid i«thet, iir en lined, iib.. .$1.7O 15 in.;. . $2.5O Special Offerings
V and SpacMel GOOdS tttel feme, solid bran lock and bo' ts— 20 lain.. . $1.80 »6 in . . S2»7O Cake Plates— Ju« what you need for the
K ...» e ' 1 ¦ e ¦ '"•» $5m00: 21 in., SSm'SO; 24 13 in. . . $2m1O 17 In . . $2mB0 ThankigWing dinnsr table; flower decoration,
I 40c Momle Unen Bureau Scarfs--i6x S 4 5n \ J 6 .OO;*(> in. . . . S6 SO ' i« in 7. .. . . . S3.1O gold edgl, * pretty «yle.j instead of 30c 7r
I :«h |S w . td °^ . 4Oe Grocery and! Liquor Sale For Wo«/» B ««fayQ,R i?Xr. .'«S3
» Handsome Spachtel Dollies— In very pretty Sl | e Tab e Fruits— 1500 tins, Hunt's Extra Relsllng or Sauterne-Very choice dinner Bracket Lamp- A good one, with glass bowl,
* patterns, the k ndj that ml regularly at 15c, f ra \ th j.i",. t ini, packel in heary tyrup, wines; regularly Jr.oo gal.; to-day 7Bo round student burntr and chimney; can be
v soc and »5 C each; on ipec al taJe ~ finegt goodi '- tne market affords - p:ach«, Itye Whiskeys - Paul Janet **** cr Mu- hung np oriet on table; instead of 50c each,
tt Wednesday only "^** apricots, peart or plums, regularly 30c tin.; quittej to-day, battle 95o to-day special -, 28 C
2> Main Aisle. l to-day— doz., $2*85; %:n%\dn24-O Best Boiled Cider— E»trt quality; gallon' Gibion's Picture Plates— For decorating dens
*•* Among the new holiday novelties Olive Oil — Finest Italian, naf-ga'. tins QQo .$1*25 and dining rooms, made of English Dooton
5 opened within the past few days are: Plum Pudding— Gordon & Dilworth — i-lb. 0. P. S. Whiskey— 1879 Gaines' dwtilery, ware, each plate io}£ inches in diameter,
% Pincushions 25c to $6.$O each; hand- tn,2Ocs *-lb., 3 8Of 3- ll> -» BSO . our reg. $ 1.50 kind; to-day, bottle $1 m 1O with reproduction of C. D. Gibson's csle-
H kerchief, necktie and glove cases Jrom Royal Baking Powder — i-ib. tins .' . 33o Old Globe or Kentucky River Whiskeys— brated series of pictures "Adventures of th;
*£ $I.OO to $10.00 each. )-' \ Mince Meat — Heinz's, new, lb.. . . 13O ¦ High-c'ass Bmrbons; gal. . .$1,95 Widow"; our very low price, each . 49(3
fi ¦ . mm ~~ m "^ •¦"¦«' ¦ " """"""^ ¦ * ¦ . "" — J— .—-——¦— ¦— -^— ¦¦¦¦i
ADVERTISEMENTS. "J
l|j|j|| Either Style
We picture two styles of hats which :^i?j^^r'^ '^$P§?
are very popular at present. The upper . . V"-'C"''V;':^ ;^« Vi"*^*
picture to the left is a broad brim style '« *
with dented crown, that is quite a fa- \. b| • .
vorite. The lower picture is called the *^
"Three-in-One," as it can be worn' in three different styles — it depends '
where the dents and creases are placed.
At this same price— $i..io— -we have Derbys in different shapes: Totrr-
ists, Fedoras, Dunlap Crushers, etc., principally in black, but there are a
number, of light colors for those who want them in the soft hats.
The hats are just like the $2.00 ones you see advertised about town. ;
' See our window display of Ladies' Tailor Hats for $1.50.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. AY, NOVEMBER 11, 1Q03,
UP-ARM MOTION,
According to ; the Westminster Gazetta
General ' Desslrier, the' hew' military gbv-
Nervy Goiter nor.
> When it comes to 'unselfish forethought and premeditated
kindliness to his feilows- and to those 'that trusted in his
honesty.the Oklahoma bank president who recently skipped
must be given the palm/ He* left* $50 in silver for the deposi
tors, who are wondering if he did it as a joke or out of pure
cussedness. ,,.^:~ "-,'¦:' ¦' ..•--'•V/
The mendacity of the boodlers of /Missouri was never more
glaring than' when they made their shameless confessions" of
crime upon the witness stand.. It maybe well »for "men to
speak the truth even when it accuses themselves/but'the'pub
lic should be spared an indecent exposure by a trial of. the
affair behind closed doors. The, only' mitigating element in
the whole wretched business is the certainty, that theVof
fenders will be punished. : .. . . •*--!¦¦
Several powerful insurance companies have instituted pro
ceedings in court to have canceled the enormous' policies
held by James L. Blair, the St. Louis boodier, on the ground
that he intends to defraud them by committing suicide. Life
has reached a pretty pass when a man can't kill •himself
without being accused of cheating somebody else. In this
game with death the joke is generally, considered 'to be oh
the suicide. • " tf : .i ' .
The time is fast approaching, if it has not come, when the
Klondike will cease to be a field for, the romancer, the story
teller and the* literary Jiar. The telegraph has brought the
frozen north into the world and now prices for the neces
saries of life have gone down to the commonplace ¦ plane of
the rest of civilization. The last element, of the extraordi
nary has been destroyed and even life is respected by the
denizens of the frozen fields of ¦'gold..'
l#t ua keep the pole we cherish—
Though we don" t. know its location—
Por Canadian • explorers •
. Have their books In preparation.
Aye, -we vow that we will perish- "
Ere this spot imac! nary
Is yanked from our ¦ mental wearers
Who write things clrcumpolary.
- - T-Ch'ca«o Tribune.
Oh, Canadians, take warning —
Should tne Yankee thus surround us.
They will write a "proclamation."- ,
¦ Swearing that they have just found us.
All our protestations scornlnar, ~
They will worry and perplex us
lentil -to U»etr BDreadinr nation -•:
They will skillfully annex us.
Fellow ' citizens. I «' shiver -
At the thought of Uncle Sammy
Sailing: northward with a compass
And a little olece of chamois-
To remove each Seek and silver
" And each blemish to ' abolish
From the north pole. What a rumpus
" If he tried to put on polish ! '
[It would be a mistake for Canada
to allow the United States to get pos
session, say or the north pole. — Senator
Polrer. tn the Canadian Parllameat.]
Brethren, tremble when you think of
Oar aurora borealla
Beine captured by a Yankee.
Who would take it down to Dallas
There in Texas, on the brink of "
The domain that's full of cactus.
"With a nasal murmur: !Thankee,
I must; keep myself In practice!"
Dire Possibility.
The threatened bankruptcy of Portland has paled into in
significance in comparison with another disaster which
lowers ominously over Oregon. Some of the followers of
John Alexander Dowie, dissatisfied with his conduct and
principles, arc planning to invade the Webfoot State and
establisha reformed Zion with many modifications of Dowie
ism. There is not, in the United States a State big enough
in which successfully to create a fools' paradise. *» \
WItlST EXERCISE
+ *
worked months over It and I cannot make
my hands so together at all. I never
knew there was any music in it until I
heard you play It Just now."
At a glance I knew her to be one of
that hopeless class of musical aspirants
who are anxious to get t<P the top, but
who are in such a hurry to 'become pian
ists that they do not let their right hand
know what their left hand doeth, and the
result is— chaos!
I wanted to help her if possible, how
ever: so I carefully explained to her that
the way I had first learned to play the
Impromptu was by paying every atten
tion to small details— working at the
6eemingly unimportant passages as much
as at the important ones— working at my
left hand In exactly as thorough a way
as at my right, trying them first alone
and then together, until each note held
its allotted place in the impromptu as se
curely and could give its own particular
message as well as if it were being played
by an orchestra, where they are plenty
of instruments to bring out each shade
of tone. My explanations ended, the girl
looked seriously at me a moment, and
then said:
"Why, do you know, I never bothered
about the left hand at all! I thought
that would take care of Itself, if I could
get the rlzht hand to go!"
I suppose she is plodding blindly along
yet somewhere, waiting for some miracle
to come and make her left hand play as
her risht one does.
I merely mention this example to show
how necessary it is to watch every mo
tion, every sound, during these first les
sons. Nothing is lost that is done care
fully and conscientiously. One is sure to
be repaid a hundred-fold, as time goes on.
Now let the pupil attack the "down
arm"- exercise given In the last lesson
and see if he can apply it to the piano
himself, without your aid. If he is un
able to do so, recall to his mind the imag
inary string, have him raise his arm In
accordance with it (always being sure
that the wrist, and not the elbow. Is lead
ing) make him count aloud as usual,
drop the arm at "four," striking middle
C (with middle finger) with a loud,
ringing tone. Here It is no question of a
little strength in the end of- the finger,
but it In the weight of the whole arm,
and if struck properly the note should
ring and reverberate like a deep toned
bell. Do not let the wrist sink until
after the note has sounded; the arm must
come down exactly as It went up. Strike
the note on Its downward Journey; then,
using the middle finger as a pivot, relax
carefully and begin again.
A college education Increases the chance
of the high school boy nine times,, giving
him 219 times the chance of the common
school boy and - more than 800 times the
chance of the untrained.— The World's
Work. '. , -. ... . . .
An uneducated child has one chance in
350,000 of attaining distinction as a factor
in the progress of the age.'
A common school education increases
his chance nearly four times.
A high school education Increases the
chance'of- the common school child twen
ty-three times, giving . him eighty-seven
times the chance of the uneducated. ¦¦:
Education and Success.
exercise
Never let him hurry in his counting
His "one, two, three four, five, six 1
should be slow and even as the ewingin,
of a pendulum, for it is the first step to
ward his knowledge of rhythm.
In using this exercise it Is well to start
with the thumb or first finger of the right
hand placed over the key of C (commonly
called "middle C") and the other fingers
on corresponding keys in playing position.
Teach the child to find "middle C" him
self by showing him, first the grouping of
the black keys as they are placed in
twos and threes from one end of the piano
to the other, and then explaining that the
note C is the white key always to be
found Just below the first or left hand
bl&ck note In the groups of two. Let him
look for the groups of two and the adja
cent C's up and down the piano until he
is familiar enough with the position of C
to find it instantly. Now explain to him
that the one called "middle C" is so called
because it Is In the middle or rather near
est the middle of the keyboard, and may
be found by counting the C's from each
end of the piano until he reaches the cen
ter one.
The piano, or rather the keyboard, hav
ing now become as it were an outline map
of the country wherein he Is to travel,
."middle C" is the road by which he be
gins his journey: therefore on "middle C"
let his first finger (thumb) take its stand.
After trying the finger exercise with
the first finger slowly six times, counting
each time and relaxing after each trial,
let the -pupil try it with each finger in
turn in exactly the same way, always re
membering to put Just enough strength
in the end of the finger to make a sound,
but no more. It Is also very ; important
that as the descending finger strikes ' the
key.it should keep its curved position ex-
He was a recent arrival from the Em
erald Isle by the name of Grogan, and on
applying to the superintendent of the
Southern Pacific Railroad shops was at
once put to work and was told to make
himself generally useful. Grogan began
operations by removing some rubbish
from one of the roundhouses, but his
work was somewhat Interrupted by the
apparently futile attempts of an engin
eer" to run a refractory engine in the
roundhouse.
The engineer would run the engine into
the house, but the machinery must have
been out of order, for as fast as he ran
the engine in, I t N would reverse and run
out again. This occurred several times
and the anger of the engineer was not
mollified when Grogan, addressing him,
said:
"You don't seem to be able to put the
engine in the roundhouse, do you?"
"Is that so?" retorted the engineer.
"Probably you can do the trick." .
"Be«gorry, I'll try," said Grogan, at
once climbing up on the cab.
Grogan pulled open the throttle and the
engine went in the roundhouse, but Just
as -before it came out again. Grogan
was puzzled at the strange action of the
engine, but kept at it until finally he
gave It up in disgust.
"Well, I don't see that you put the en
gine in the roundhouse,", said the engin
eer, evidently pleased at Grogan's dis
comfiture.
- "Well, I put her in all right," said Gro
gan.
"Yes, but you did not seem to be able to
keep her there," said the engineer.
"Well," said Grogan, triumphantly,
"when I had her In why didn't you close
the doors on her?"
Irish Ingenuity.
THE Pacific Fruit World turns to the varieties of
eucaylptus tree to insure, in California the amount of
bloom necessary for bee feed. '-The honey industry is
a large one. Sometimes the fields do not suffice' to make
what is Considered a full crop. How is this defect to be
remedied? The Fruit World says simply that the planting
of a proper number of eucalyptus trees is all that is requi
site.
There is something novel in the proposition to cover the
land with trees of the size of the lofty eucalyptus to serve
the minute, buzzing honey-makers. It does not follow from
this suggestion that because the idea is new it is not prac
ticable. Indeed the Fruit World cites facts that arc at least
interesting in support of its scheme.
There are a sufficient number of varieties of eucalyptus
known to California to provide blooms during every season
in greater or less quantity. When the flower-bearing plants
and shrubs fail to contribute their full quota of nectar the
eucalyptus would be invaluable, so j estimates the .Fruit
World. "It is possible," says the editor of the journal, "to
make such planting of eucalyptus trees as to secure from
them a succession of bloom which will, in addition to their
use as fuel, give ranges for the honey-gatherers."
The Eucalyptus callophy lla and the Eucalyptus aceme
noides are in flower from July to October. The first named
is the bearer of ; \yhite blossoms.- The Eucalyptus cornuta,
which is well known by its affluence of yellow flowers, fol
lows closely after > the callophylla in time of blossoming.
The Eucalyptus corymbrosia has the same season practically.
The Eucalyptus exima, a Iow-growin& tree, reigns Morally
from September to: December. The Eucalyptus punctata,
famed for withstanding drought, is an October bloomer.
The most brilliant of the eucalyptus family is the ncifolia,
but its season is short. On the adobe hills the rudis thrives.
At all seasons the occidentalis proclaims its name through
its crimson adornments. Then there are the Leli mellidora,
that is rich in honey; the lehmani, the paniculata.
Seeds and trees, it is said, are available to start all the
plantations that may be required. The eucalyptus has re
tained its popularity variously in this State during many
years.
.Tall groves make wind breaks to shield orchards of de
ciduous and citrus fruits in many localities. Long avenues
of shade attest its desirability in another use. / Stout cord
wood it makes to enhance the joys of home as it is con
signed to the; open- grate. qualities inhere in it,
arid many men bless its oil. , It has been employed to furnish
materiai for cleansing the interiors of steam* boilers. Now,
humming through the ambrosial air of California; the nec
tar gathering bee'may add its note of cheerful praise for. the
bouquets of ¦': flowers raised high above arid lands by the
eucalyptus' aspiring and mast-like trunk as a ; source of a
table "dainty.- 'r-U- " .^ v
TIMBER AND BEE FEED.
A warrant issued for the arrest of a New York State Sen
ator named Green shows that the hunted man has thrived
through life in the possession and profitable use of four
aliases. This should silence our boasts of legislative tri
umphs. Our Solons generally have their time fully occupied
in ruining one name much less four.
IT is a good' indication of what California will do at St.
Louis that our counties are competing with each other
for space in which to display their resources. When a
single county asks for 2000 square feet of floor space it means
that the people are thoroughly alive to their opportunity
and their responsibility. But while the interest felt by those
who will exhibit is unprecedented in its vigor, it is still not
up to the expectation of the East about what California
.will do. 1
The State's exhibits, heretofore made out of the abundant
facilities of the State Board of Trade, have only whetted
the curiosity of the East and its appetite for more. At no
time in our history has there been as much interest in Cali
fornia as now. In commercial circles it i- at last under
stood that we command the raisin, prune and citrus fruit
supply of the world, and that our product controls the mar
ket. Along with this goes the important fact, now well un
derstood, that our area of these productions is so capacious
as to guarantee stability.
There is no such thing as failure in the staple fruit crops
of California. If there be a shortage in one valley, there is
extra and surplus production in another. It shows the most
admirable natural adaptation of the State to the character
istic productions which interest the consumers of the world.
In Europe the field is limited. If conditions are unfavorable
in any season, production is curtailed and the market suffers
by aberrations in price. From all this chance and accident
California is free. The exhibits of counties at St. Louis in
conjunction with a raised map of the^State will show the
vast distribution of production and exploit California as a
land where the milk and honey are always on tap and the
fountain of production is always affluent.
SPACE AT ST. LOUIS.
At the recent election it cost New York $300 to secure
the vote of one elector, for whose special benefit an entire
district was created. There is, however, some sentimental
satisfaction in the fact that the vote thus "Secured was cast
for Low. Tammany ought to increase the expense account
by instituting proceedings to have the vote thrown out on
the score that it violated the secrecy of the ballot.
Now. with the hand in playing posi
tion, try the circle exercise a few times,
until you have loosened any tension
which "the change from table to keyboard
might occasion. When all the muscles
are limber and relaxed raise the thumb
precisely as in the finger exercise given
in the laFt lesson. Instead of merely let
ting the finger drop at will, however, we
now. for the firyt time, -use a little
•strength— just enough to enable the finger
to bring forth a slignt sound from the
key as the latter is pressed downward.
In the former finger exercise you will
remember that we raised the finger very
slowly, at the Fame time counting "one,
two. three." Then as we gave the count
"four" we merely ceased to hold the fln
gtr upraised and it dropped of its own
accord.
In this exercise as the pupil counts
"four" hn must drop his finger in the
same way. but must put enough strength
In the very tip to depress the key his fin
ger falls on until it emits a slight sound.
The attraction of gravitation still brings
the finger down until it hits the key, but
if perfectly relaxed the slight resistance
of the key Itself is enough to stop the
finger in its downward course, unless it
be aided by a little output of strength.
It is surpriEing what an infinitesimal
bit of pressure will do in this case, and it
is necessary to guard against using any
surplus f-nergy. for therein lies the dif
ference between a "singing" tone and
pounding. We will want all our strength
later on. but until that time we must
hold it in reserve as much as possible.
After striking the key have the pupil
hold the finger on the key just as It fell
until he has finished the exercise by
counting "five, elx." after which he must
relax thoroughly by means of the circle
Me. The arm must have plenty of room
to swing freely, to allow for relaxation,
and yet must not be too far above the
piano, for the whole figure would thus
be thrown out of poise. If the fingers
rest lightly on the piano keys and the
flbow swings from two to three inches
above the level of the keys everything
is at it should be.
"I had often heard of bucket brigades,
but never eaw one In action until I
struck a little Nevada town last week,"
said a drummer in a downtown hotel.
"The place had about 250 inhabitants, one
store, the customary number of saloons
and Just enough in the treasury to pay
Constable and Justice fees and keep
square with the county on the pro-rata
plan. Some wag dubbed it 'Bucket-town,'
but it never got on the map as such.
"I put up at a one-horse hotel, where
they all wash in the same tin basin on
the front porch and congregate around
the kitchen stove to swap yarns at night.
About 3 o'clock in the morning I was
awakened by a hea-vy pounding on my
door and Jumping into the hallway stum
bled over a bucket. Looking down the
passage I saw the proprietor with an
armful of buckets, leaving one at each
door. ¦ The guests who had been sum
moned first, at the other end of the hall,
were by this time appearing, hastily clad,
and grabbing their buckets they disap
peared In the street.
"I followed suit, took my bucket and
hurried along. The schoolhouse was on
fire and I Bhall never forget the sight
that .greeted me. Men, women and chil
dren were hastening out of the* darkness
toward the burning structure and each
one carried a bucket. Swinging into a
line they passed water from the town
well a quarter of a mile distant. I work
ed for half an hour until I was exhausted
and when the schoolhouse was in ashes
they tapped the fire 'out.' Then the citi
zens stood around in bunches and dis
cussed the fire, which proved to have
been the only event of importance since
Frank Milich's cow was shot by Hank
Farlot's boy last spring. I have worked
the old band engines, but no more bucket
brigades for me."
"Bucket Tozvn."
ernor of Paris, at the time of the
Franco-Prussian war was a subaltern or
eouaves. Wounded and left for dead on
the field of Froeschwiller, he managed to
crawl as far as the village of Meder
bronn. where a cottager looked after him
until the enemy arrived and took nlm pris
oner. He escaped by Jumping out of the
train that was taking him to Germany,
and after hiding in a hop field found his
way to the little fortress of Bltche, where
he recovered and played his part in tne
defense. His next task was to paaa
through the Prussian lines to iota the
Army of the East. He accomplished it
disguised as a young man taking home
the washing from the laundry, carrying
a basket of linen on his head and accom
panied by a real washerwoman, who cov
ered his confusion and coached him in the
details .of the role.
Golfers' Wives Suffer.
An English newspaper asks the follow
ing pertinent question: "Do golfers ne
glect their wives? An amazing number of
married women are of opinion that they
do, if we may Judge by the series of
•wives* complaints and confessions now
appearing in the Weekly Scotsman. Into
too many households we are told golf has
insinuated its seductive form and para
lyzed the enterprise and energy of the
bread-winner. The man who formerly
gave his spare hours to self-Improvement
and the companionship of his wife and
family now spends every available mo
ment on the golf course. His once bril
liant conversational powers have given
place to the gossip of the clubroom. and
when he does read it Is only the books,
magazines and papers that supply him
with the small talk of his hobby that
have any Interest for him. Altogether a
very sad state of affairs, if the wives are
to be believed."
California Building.
The California building at the World's
Fair is nearly Inclosed, and preparations
for staff work have begun. Mr. Smorell,
the sculptor, will model the work so as to
faithfully represent the old Santa Barbara
Mission. Space has been allowed around
the building for the sacred garden, and
also for a stone fountain .In front. This
fountain will be a copy of the one in
front of the old mission building, and will
be set up after the fair in Golden Gate
par\ San
Mistake No Excuse
The New York Tribune shows that jus
tice in Tennessee is not of the stripe of
that in South Carolina. It says:
"As strance a case as could well be
found in the hlstorv of court proceed
ings is that of Clarence Peak, who Is
under a sentence of eighteen years' Im
prisonment in Tennessee on a charge of
killing a person named Silas Ilulin. It
Is true. Peak did murder a man who was
supposed to be Hulin, but his victim was
a wholly different individual. Hulin Is
alive and well and has shown himself in
court repeatedly. Peak never attacked
him. The friends of Peak are trying to
get his release because a mistake was
made in the identity of his victim. But
the Tennessee courts have decided so far
that even if Peak did not slay Hulin. he
certainly killed some one and must serve
out his sentence." _ , '[ ;V : -'
'Answers to Queries.
REGISTRATION— T. S. W., Oakland.
Cal. The . registration of voters Is not
required In Indiana, New Hampshire or
Oklahoma. By constitutional provision it
is prohibited In Arkansas and West Vir
ginia. ,, " -I"
CHAUFFEUR— Subscriber, Boquei. Cal.
It is rather difficult to give in print the
exact pronunciation of foreign words.
Such can be obtained only by hearing
some one versed in the language utter
the word or words. As near as the pro
nunciation of chauffeur, the driver of an
automobile, can be- grfven It is "show-fir."
BAYEUX TAPESTRY— W. I., Oakland,
Cal.* What is known as the Bayeox tap
estry . is ' said to have been wrought by
Matilda, Queen of William I of England.
It is 19 'inches wide, 214 feet Ions', and is
divided into sections, showing the
events from the visit of Harold to the
Norman. court to bis death at Hastings.
It is preserved in the public library at
Bayeux, near Caen.
VEGETABLE IVORY- — B.. City. Vege
table ' ivory is an albuminous substance
formed from a milky fluid In the fruit of
the species of palm, common in Peru and
New Granada. It corresponds to the meat
of the cocoanut, the fruit of another spe
cies of palm. When the nuts* are per
fectly, ripe andjiry- the kernels are hard,
like Ivory; and very, white.
WOMAN SUFFRAGE-^J. D., Oakland.
Cal. In . the States of • Colorado. Idaho,
Utah and Wyoming female citizens have
full suffrage and' vote for all officers, in
cluding Presidential Electors. The woman
suffrage law was adapted in . Wyoming
In 1370, In | Colorado In 1 1883 and In Utah
and: Wyoming woman suffrage is a. con
stitutional provision. V
CRIMEAN, WAR— J. F. D., San Dfego,
Cal.* The Crimean ;\Var commenced March
2S, 1S54, on which/ date England and
France declared war * against Russia.
Large masses of troops' were sent to tji e
East, which, after remaining some time at
GalUpoli and other places, sailed for
Varna, where they disembarked March
29. An expedition against the Crimea
having been determined upon, the allied
British, French and Turkish force*,
amounting to 58,000 men, of which' 23,000
were British, sailed for Varna' September
3, and landed . on the 14th. ' 15th and 16th
without' opposition at Old Fort, near Eu
patorla. about thirty miles from Sebasto
pol. On the 20th they attacked the Rus
sians, between 40,000 and .50,000 strong, en
trenched on the heights of Alma, "sup
posed to be unassailable. After a sharp
contest the Russians were. totally routed.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's) 220 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. • •
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles. 60c a pound, in artistic ttre
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market at, above Call bldg. *
<Sofik Writ*!-, formerly Director cf Music in the
Collepe of ft. John the UaptlFt. New York.)
In the preceding lessons we have taken
the child through the preparatory exer
<i»es that are the first steps toward the
piano, and now it is my purpose to en
able him to put those exercises Into prac
tical use at once.
Place the pupil at the piano, taking
great care that the piano stool Or chair
is at just the proper height— that is, that
his hand and arm bear the same relation
to the keyboard that they did at the ta-
ANI«"E TERHOTE.
Rudiments far Musicians.
This can be only by the independence of the State of
Panama. The isthmus has the enterprise and the progres
sive element of the country, and its people have been ruled
by successive packs of thieves at Bogota until they have
grown weary and have decided to govern themselves. Ger
many will hesitate long before going so far from home in
search* for trouble that she can find with less mileage. Our
desire to perform our international obligation under the
treaty of 1846 is no reason for Colombia asking a foreign
protectorate that violates the Monroe doctrine. It is still
less a reason for German interference in this hemisphere,
where that empire has no colonies and no interests present
or prospective that require naval stations or the direct or
indirect acquisition of territory.
Our interest is apparent, direct and known of all nations.
We are bound by the treaty of 1846 and by our obligation
to the world as the only nation that can construct an isth
mian canal. There is no reason to believe that Germany
will seek to interfere in a hemisphere where nature and the
political situation join to make ours the paramount interest.
If Colombia should adopt the proposed measure of asking
for foreign aid, it would simply mean that we must occupy
that country before it can be alienated in any form to any
European power. We would probably do this and turn it
over to the Republic of Panama as soon as we have intro
duced order and decency into its administration.
The Democratic press would dignify itself by standing in
with its own country, supporting the Monroe doctrine and
taking on some of the sturdy Americanism that made Ben
ton illustrious. If, instead of doing this, it chooses to sup
port chronic disorder on the isthmus,, and give aid to such
German pretensions as are implied by the Colombian
threat, it can do so. But it is a far cry from that kind of
Democracy and the quality that was illustrated by Jackson,
Polk, Cass and Marcy. <
IT is probably a* wild rumor that Colombia' is out for
blood, and proposes to get it By seeking a German pro
tectorate and giving the Kaiser naval stations within
striking distance of the ends of the isthmian canal. 'Some
of the Democratic newspapers are talking about our Gov
ernment despoiling Colombia and comparing. President
Roosev«lt to Sir Henry Morgan, pirate and cutthroat.
Nobody has despoiled Colombia. She has been in ¦ a
chronic state of civil war for years. Under our treaty of
1846 we are responsible for the freedom and neutrality of
the Panama Railway, "or any other .means for transit of the
isthmus of Panama." No one can say without reference to
the record how many times we have been at the expense
of policing the railroad during civil brawls between the isth
mians and the misgovernment of Colombia. It has been
of yearly occurrence, and sometimes has been necessary sev
eral times a year, until it has become requisite in the dis
charge of our duty to the world under the treaty that brawl
ing cease. . ,
Before the eye of what he regards as his mind there
rises the vision of the Republican party as the party- of spe
cial privilege, for the benefit of the few and the oppression
of the many. He sees the many divided and the few vic
torious over the two minorities. Consequently, everything is
going wrong and he was born to set it right.
The history of the Republican party is a refutation of his
uneasy nightmare. The condition of the whole people of
the United States turns his dream into. a calumny upon his
own country. One must seek in the independent and uncon
trolled movements and actions of men for the true index
to conditions. The freedom, self-government and prosper
ity of the plain people of the United States are certified by
the fact that this country attracts to it the greatest movement
of men who seek betterment of their conditions that the
world has ever seen. Others are as rich in natural re
sources, some are as free, and several have a scantier popu
lation in proportion to their area. But the movement is
persistently hither.
The opportunity and prosperity of the many here are
so pronounced that immigration flows in a vast stream to
us, that millions more may have a share in our birthright.
If the hypodermic revery of Mr. Hearst were true, this coun
try would be avoided by those who seek better fortune and
a larger life. The solemn fact is that Republican policies,
wrought upon our natural resources and respectful of the
rights of man, have made the United States so. desirable that
we are in danger of sharing too freely what others come to
enjoy. There be those who believe that we should more
carefully save for ourselves, and our natural increase, the
riches that nature has stored and wise government made
available for man.
The proposed fusion is based upon the theory that these
conditions Can be made better. How? What is the bill of
particulars? President Roosevelt has declared his policy
and has done more. He has concreted it into action. His
whole administration has been a successful effort against
all special privilege. His energetic action in that direction
ha"s brought upon him the wrath of one of the parties to
Mr. Hearst's proposed fusion, for some radical labor men
have already declared war upon the President for refusing to
violate the law and give them discrimination and special
privilege. For the same reason the trusts are embattled
against him, and do not scruple to declare their purpose to
have his head. We hope that Mr. Hearst's fusion will fuse,
and will pull the band-wagon together, and. that he will be
the band.
THE Examiner wants the Democratic party to fuse
again. Mr. William Randolph Hearst is not admon
ished by the fate of Bryan, but feels that he needs fu
sion in his present business of bawling from the housetops
in order that a Presidential nomination may ; find him.
Therefore he wants a labor party and a Democratic party,
but wants them to pull in the same harness, and as he pro
poses to be the load the team is to haul, it will be cheerfully
admitted that the burden is too great for one;-and needs
two. His imagination is excited by figures. He creates
purely fanciful statistics of the vote of the three parties in
this city, and proves to his own satisfaction that if the Dem
ocrats had nominated Schmitz and the labpr party had nom
inated the Democratic candidates for Auditor, City Attor
ney, County Clerk and all the other nominees of that
party who were beaten, they would all. have been elected
and would have lived happy ever after.
" 'Go get it.' says he. straightening up
and pointing his finger in a kingly fash
ion.
"I starts down the stairs, and so help
me, I could see before I was half way
down that that horse of mine was rest
less. So Instead of bringing the twenty I
climbs up on the seat and drives off.
When I gets about twelve blocks oft I
climbs down and looks for the twenty.
So help me, there wasn't no more, twenty
there than there Is In the bottom of that
beer glass. So you see there I lose four
cases cold and get a bad name with the
swell guy, who probably thinks I meant
to be crooked."
•It pays to be honest," said the old
hackman as he signed up to Louey for
enother lager.— That's my plan. When
ever you see a fellow doing anything
crooked you can bet everything down to
your finger nails that he is framing up
to get a bet down on a loser.
"Now, for instance, a swell guy
up the other night to where I stand and
told me to take him out. to an address on
Pacific avenue. He was all togged up In
them swell clothes that don t aim , to
prove no alibi .for a shirt and he had
some spirits concealed , about his ; penoM.
We drove off, him a-slnging *My_ Sweet
Anona From Arizona,' and me a-drtying
plenty over the cobbles to keep h ln V? h °°*
up so he wouldn't go to sleep. Finally
we comes to the address, which is one
of them big mansions with a long flight
of stairs leading up to the front door. I
helps him out of the cab and pilots nim
up the stairs.
S "Shall I ring: the bell, sir?" I says.
! " 'Not on your life.' says he. My turn
is the soft and lowly and I don t need no
partner for that sketch.'
"Then he runs his hand Into his pocket
and pulls out a handful of money. I f« ls
a lamp at It and It looks like about «.
; " 'What's the charge,' Bays he.
"Four dollars," Bays I. . . -
' "Just then he runs his hand down In nis
other pocket. '„-¦ '
".'Driver.' says he, 'I dropped a. $20 gold
piece In that blooming hack of yours.
: "All. right, sir," says I, "I'll go and get
it," at the same time holding: out my mitt
for the four cases.
Honesty Pays.
"How can any one possibly play tha
Chopin Impromptu as you did? I hav<
I remember one© playing at a concert
among other things an "Impromptu in A
Flat," by Chopin, which as far as the
actual notes are concerned is not tremen
dously difficult, but it demands great agil
ity, lightness and velocity— should give
the Impression, In fact, of a bit of clear,
bracing winter air. At the close of the
concert many people were introduced to
me. and among others was a young girl
who said to me:
Try this exercise over and over until, as
the wrist drops, the sound emitted is
clear and ringing, instead of hard and
dry, as it may be at first Above all, be
particular in every little thing, for now
is the time to prevent slovenly, uneven
chords. The habit of thoroughness in de
tail, once acquired, will save the pupil
many unhappy hours later on.
Next In order romes a wrist exercise,
similar to that already explained in the
former lesson.^but with the difference that
in this, as in the finger exercise men
tioned above, strength enough Is used to
strike the key, or rather keys, for this
time two notes are to sound.
From playing position raise the wrist
slowly, counting "one,' two, three." Hold
it in Its raised position (strictly according
to the first wrist exercise)' until the count
"four" is given, when it must drop at
once to the five keys under it. The fingers
fall on the keys C, D. E. F and G, and as
they hit the keyboard there must be just
enough strength put into the first (thumb)
and fifth (little) fingers to bring out the
sound of the two notes C and G, after
which, of course, comes the always neces
sary circle exercise.
This combination of sound in the simul
taneous striking of C and G is the pupil's
first introduction to a chord. In this case
the chord is what is called a "fifth," or
"quint." Explain this to him and tell him
it Is called a "fifth" because five notes
are contained in the space from C to G.
If the notes are to be In accord they
must be struck simultaneously. Therefore
be very careful that the hand comes down
in perfect position, well curved, with the
joints of the fingers making a perfect arch
and the hand returning to playing posi
tion.
actly as It did In descending upon the
table before any pressure was used. - If
the position of the finger changes it shows
that the muscles have tightened slightly
with the added strength, and you must
work carefully and steadily with the
child until his motions become as relaxed
with the accession of strength as without
it. If he cannot seem to conquer the
tightening muscles, take him to the table
again for a few moments and try the old
exercises there; then return to the piano,
then back to the table again, and so on,
until he has found the difference between
strength and tight muscles. Just at this
point it will require much patience, for it
is a matter that cannot be hurried or
passed over lightly. All will most certain
ly come right In a little time, but until
this exercise Is perfectly understood by
the pupil do not attempt to push him a
step further.
COLOMBIA AND GERMANY.
MORE FUSION.
THE SAN ::; :^FFb^^pCgC<^^':g^LjK
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor ... > • • « . .Address All Commonieattons to JOHN McNAUGHT; Manager
Publication Office . ..'... '<3&§J$s&™k> '. ... . ?•Third and Market Streets, S. F.
WEDNESDAY ........-....>.......:.....:. I ...:... .^..^:. ..........NOVEMBER n, 1903
6
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
SINGLE FINGER EXERCISE.AMERICAN MINISTER AND
THE LEADER OP DOMINI
CAN REVOLUTIONISTS.
Continued From Page 1, Column 4.
GRASS VALLEY. Nov. 10.— Coroner Hock
ing to-night received., a message from San
Juan statin? that a dead Chinese had been
found • In an old cabin near that place. < The
discovery was made by residents of that sec
tion who had not seen the Chinese for several
daye. The cause of death is not. known.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Nov. 10.— It was
announced to-day that William J. Bryan
had given his counsel power of attorney
to perfect an appeal to the Superior
Court from the decision of Judge Cleve
land of the Probate Court declaring. that
the sealed letter referred to In the will
of Phllo S. .Bennett, and which provided
for a gift of $50,000 to Bryan, was not a
part of the. will. At a hearing before
tho Probate Judge prior to this an
nouncement, by agreement of counsel
and Bryan as executor, the widow's al
lowance was fixed at $7500 a year.
Bryan Will Appeal the Case.
Hamilton was a young newspaper man
and stabbed Day, a wealthy young man
of Minneapolis, during a quarrel while
the two men and several others were
more or less under the Influence of
liquor.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Nov. 10. — Frank H.
Hamilton, who stabbed Leonard Day In
the barroom of the West Hotel, In Min
neapolis/November 25, 1900, will regain
his liberty within a few days, the Board
of 'Pardons > having commuted his sen
tence from seven years to f r e is eli
gible to parole and the Bo. J Prison
Control, It is said, will una» -otedly re
lease him this week.
Young Newspaperman Who Stabbed
Leonard Day Is to Be Released ,
From Prison.
HAMILTON'S ] SENTENCE
IS REDUCED TWO YEARS
Special Dispatch to The Call,
NEW YORK, Nov. 10.— Tammany
Leader Charles F. Murphy's candidate for
President of the United States Is Judge
Alton B. Parker. Murphy made this fact
known before election, but none of his
friends felt at liberty to tell about It until
to-day. Several persons have been labor
ing under the belief that Murphy favored
Cleveland. As a matter of fact the Tam
many Hall leader has been In consultation
recently, both personally and by means
of representatives,- with Democrats of na
tional prominence and has arrived at the
conclusion that Judge Parker would be
more likely to get the electoral vote of
New York than Cleveland. Senator Gor
man of Maryland is not regarded by Mur
phy as the probable nominee of the party.
While the Tammany delegation may not
cut much figure in the national conven
tion Murphy is already planning with the
up-State leaders In order that when he
goes into the convention he will be able
practically to . cast the State vote as a
unit. Murphy desired to have Judge Par
ker nominated for Governor a year ago
and urged upon David B.- Hill the advis
ability of making him the candidate.
Hill, however, listened to Hugh McLaugh
lin and nominated Bird P. Coler. ¦ Coler
was beaten. Murphy expressed the opin
ion at the time that Hill did not play
good politics. It was even intimated
among Murphy's friends that Hill's object
in placing Judge Parker out of the nomi
nation was to prevent his appearance In
the field of rival Presidential possibilities.
During the recent trouble in Brooklyn
Hill was supposed to be on the side of
Hugh McLaughlin— at least he Is credited
In Tammany Hall with having been op
posed to Murphy's ambitions to become a
State leader. The supporters of the Tam
many leader say that he will steal a
march on Hill when It comes to naming
the choice of j New York State for the
Presidential nomination. They add that
he Is firmly convinced that Judge Parker
Is the only Democrat of national reputa
tion who stands a chance of winning.
Murphy has said that Cleveland would
make an Ideal candidate, especially on the
tariff Issue, but for the opposition to him
in the South. Should Judge Parker be
elected Tammany believes that Murphy
would be the real dispenser of Federal
patronage In the State of New York.
PRAYS FOB ABOLITION
OE TARIFF ON PRODUCTS
Philippine Chamber of Commerce
Asks for Release From Operation
of Dingley BUI.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10.— The following
cablegram was received -'to-day at the
Bureau of Insular Affairs from, the Phil
ippine Chamber of Commerce at Manila,
addressed to the Secretary of War:
"Filipino Chamber of Commerce, In the
name of the Agricultural Association of
Panay,_prays for the abolition of the
Dingley tariff on Philippine products.
"Filipino Chamber of Commerce, In
name of 14,000 tobacco workers, praya for
abolition of Dingley tariff on Philippine
products."
Blockade of Refrigerator Cars.
TOPEKA, Kans., Nov. 10. — It Is an
nounced from the Santa Fe office that
the road Is having trouble In finding
storage tracks for Its empty refrigerator
cars In Southern California. The dis
patchers find the problem almost more
than they can overcome. There are 1000
cars around San 'Bernardino, Cal.,* and
only about a half dozen cars are shipped
each day.
Washington — James W.' Fiddes, Tacoma, bag.
holder; Richard J. Weken, Everett, rail Joint.
Oregon-^-Frank J. Coad and E. Biddle, Dallas,
bed plate tor baling presses; Huntlngton
Downer, Grants Pass, attachment for cultivat
ing instruments; Harlan F. Ong. Wendling. air
brake attachment; David E. . Welsh, assignor
to Pacific Timber- Company, Cottage Grove,
snatchbiock.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10.— Fourth-class
postmasters appointed: Oregon— Wiley E.
Miller, Looking Glass, Douglas County,
vice Albert B. Foster, resigned; Robert P.
Cooper, Meadowbrook, Clackamas Coun
ty, vice Beulah Holman, resigned.
Army order — First Lieutenant Herbert
G. Shaw, assistant surgeon, goes from Al
catraz Island to Fort Miley, California.
The following patents were issued to-day:
California— Joseph W. E. Allen, San Fran
cisco, ore separator; Henry W. Bally. Wyan
dotte, assignor one-half to W. W. Gillett. Pa
lermo, bench stop; James Begg, Ventura, horse
shoer's toolbox; August P. J. Boesell. Angels
Camp, sectional cam for ore stamps; Frank A.
Brewer Jr. and Frank A. Brewer Sr.. Wat
sonville, riveting device for dental brldgework;
William E. Brown, assignor to Brown-WIn
stanley Manufacturing Company, Los Angeles,
bottle washing machine; Joseph W. Casper and
"VV. Gerder. Sacramento, safety pin; J. 8. Hat
fleld and G. Stock, Anaheim, hydro-carbon
burner; Albert S. Dixon. assignor to Asphalt
Paper Pipe Company, Los Angeles, atomizer
(2); Ben ton Flood, Los Angeles, hydraulic ele
vator for dredging purposes; John W. Griffith.
San Francisco, ellipse or circle compasses;
Julius E. Hagen, Santa Monica, adjustable land
marker; Edwin R. 11 ales worth. San Bernardino,
adjustable locomotive and drawbar; Lewis A.
Hardlson.. Santa Paula, drill attachment: Jos
eph H. Martin, assignor one-half to R. W. A.
( Jodfred, Riverside, cultivator: Arthur H.
Memmler, Los Angeles, nretal roofing tile; Wil
liam Munn, San Francisco, flsh cutting ma
chine; Raymond A. Perry, Oakland, dredger:
Walter G. Read, Daviavllle, separator: Harley
L. Sherwood, Oakland, oil burner; Henry C.
Tabrett and W. Lewln, /3an Francisco, heater;
Edwin W. Tucker and C. L. ' Orundell, San
Francisco, crude oil burner; Louis R. Tullock.
Angels Camp, mechanical movement; George
W. Wickson, San Francisco, lever operated
valve; Cleo O. Young. Rial to, paper holder.
Several Changes Are Made in the
Postal Service and More
Patents Issued.
OE INTEREST TO /..PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
New York Delegates Will
Be Aligned Against
Senator Gorman.
False Impression Is
Given Out Before
Election.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 10.— A wild ride
down a steep grade on a runaway rail
road train) from which both engineer and
fireman had sought safety by jumping,
ended In a severe smash-up near Stella,
Wash., as a result of which George .Weiss
is minus a leg and Max Welderman is
suffering from severe Internal Injuries.
Both men are at a hospital In this city.
A- train loaded with logs was descending
the grade Into Stella, The- weight proved
too great for the diminutive locomotive
and the speed Increased ; until It became
terrific. Both fireman and engineer did
all In their" power to check the onward
rush of the "outlaw" train, , but finding
their efforts useless they Jumped and es
caped death.
Weiss ! and Welderman did not realize
that the train was running away until too
late to Jump.' \
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mr. Cleveland Not
the Choice of
Oars Loaded With Logs Meet
With Disaster in-
Washington.
Engineer and Fireman
s Jump, but Two Men
Are Hurt.
TRAlN RACES
DOWN A HILL
TAMMANY'S
SUPPORT IS
FOR PARKER
The Southern Pacific through express train
for Berkeley, making no etop before Lorln, will,
oQtnmenclnff November 11, connect with both
the 5:30 p. m. and 0:30 p. m. boat daily except
Sunday WtmtSm^WiS'lSP^f^tn'^
Berkeley Trains.
Republicans Elect a Congressman.
' LOUISVILLE, Ky., Nov. 10.—Incom
plete returns from twelve of the nineteen
counties composing the Eleventh" Con
gressional District, where a special elec
tion was held to-day to elect successor, to
the late Vincent Borelng, show a plural
ity for Dr. Godfrey W. Hunter (Rep.) of
a little more than 1000.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 10.— Jimmy
Handler of Newark, N. J., and Cyclone
Kelly of San Francisco met# to-night at
the Southern Athletic Club In what was
to have been a six-round go, but Handler
quit In the third round. Up to that time
his opponent had much the better of the
bout.
"Cyclone" Kelly Defeats Handler.
Miss Scovel is a cousin of President
Roosevelt once removed, her mother be
ing a first cousin. She is a' niece of Fred
erick Roosevelt of New York and a grand
niece of Mrs. Brooks Whitney, who is
well known In New York society.
The engagement of Miss Scovel to Count
Fabbricotti was announced last spring,
but for some reason It was immediately
denied by Mrs. Scovel. It was then said
that the wedding would be celebrated in
November. . .'
NEW YORK, Nov. 10.— Invitations have
been received in this city from Chevalier
and Mrs. Edward Scovel for the marriage
of their daughter. Miss Cornelia Roose
velt Scovel, to Count Riccardo Pabbrl
cotti on Wednesday, November 25, at St.
James Church, Florence, Italy. Follow
ing the wedding ceremony there will be
a reception at Villa Terrezza Vlale Mac
chiavelli, the beautiful home of the Sco
vels, who have lived In Florence for many
years.
Noble Italian Wins the Hand of
Hiss Cornelia Boosevelt !
Scovel.
COUSIN OF PRESIDENT
¦ WILL WED A COUNT
TOKIO, Nov. 10.— Premier Kamura to
dajr received a deputation of the Antl-
RuBslan League. He impressed the dele
gates with the necessity for complete
unity and solidarity among the people in
the face of tbe existing- situation, which
he declared was most critical.
There Is a strong inclination in well
informed circles to doubt the pacific fore
casts Issued in Europe. It is believed
that peace will be made possible only by
Russia's complete acceptance of Japan's
claims regarding Manchuria. The Japan
ese Government finds it increasingly dif
ficult to restrain 'popular sentiment.
At an important dinner this evening In
the Imperial Hotel, at which about 250
persons were present, representing all
sections, a resolution was adopted, amid
the greatest enthusiasm, declaring that
the continued delay was detrimental to
the national interests and to peace in
the Far East and urging the Government
to take prompt and decisive action. ¦
Kamura Says Far East
Situation Is Most
Critical.
Cardinal Prisco > who knew how relig
ious Signor Rosano had always been, gave
permission that his body be buried in con
secrated ground, heretofore forbidden to
those who commit suicide. There was,
however, no religious ceremony. The sui
cide of Finance Minister Rosano has so
changed the political situation in Parlia
ment that Premier Giolittl has requested
an audience of King Emmanuel. The re
quest has been granted, and the Premier
will leave to-morrow for the royal hunt
ing lodge at San Rossore, where the King
is now staying. It is said that Premier
Giolittl will tender his resignation.
The funeral of Signor Rosano to-day
was a most Impressive one. All the civil
and military authorities and the troops
rendered military honors to the deceased.
The streets along the route to the burial
place were densely crowded. At the
grave Minister of Foreign Affairs Tittoni
said that the sudden end to the brilliant
career of Signor Rosano had deeply af
fected the Ministers of the King, who
reverently bowed before the lamented re
mains and deposited a last kiss • on the
forehead of one who had always been
their friend.
NAPLES, Nov. 10.— Before committing
suicide yesterday Finance Minister Ro
sano wrote to Premier Giolltti, tendering
his resignation. In another letter to the
Premier he proclaims his innocence of the
charges brought against him, which
charges, he said, he had no longer the
courage to resist.
Great Throngs Pay Last
Tribute of Respect
to Rosano.
I/>N*r>OX. Nov. 10— Sir Mortimer Durand
has bten gazetted British Eznbaecador at
Wa*hinpt/jn.
FRIENDS MOURN
SEAR MINISTER
and 12 o'clock and there was
heavy tiring of small arms and
shells by the attacking . and de
fending forces. At daybreak on
Saturday the assault was repulsed.
HAMILTON. Mont.. Nov. 10.— William
Harlan w;is brought here this evening
in an exhausted condition after being
nscuod in the mountains la the Owl
Creek country by a rescuing party. Some
where along the 150-miJe Ftretch of Horse
Creek, between Owl Creek and the Sal
mon River, Lewellyn Roberts, another
well known young man of Hamilton, is
either dead or dying from exposure, being
lost in the mountains. Roberts and Har
lan were on a hunting expedition and be
came lost in tlir mountains.
Hunters Are Lost in the Mountains,
VIKNNA. Nov. 10.— It was announced
in a dispatch received here from Belgrade,
Servia. that the British Charge d'Affaires
there yesterday refused to receive the
congratulations o f the Servian Govern
ment on the birthday of King Kdward.
This refusal was in accordance with his
instructions not to maintain diplomatic
relations with King Peter's Government.
The affair has caused some sensation.
British Charge d'Affaires Ignores
Expression of Good Will Toward
King Edward.
BEFUSES TO BECEIVE
THE CONGRATULATIONS
JAPAN'S PREMIER
NOT OPTIMISTIC
PARIS, Nov. 10.— A dispatch received
here from Cape Haytien says that after
three days' righting President Wos y Gil
took refuge in the German consulate in
San Domingo. The revolution Is consid
ered at an end.
SAN DOMINGO, Nov. 7.— The revolu
tionary forces which now surround this
city attacked San Domingo last night,
using artillery, but no damage was done.
The revolutionary commander this after
noon sent a messenger under a flag of
true© to demand the surrender of the
capital, which was refused, and hostilities
were resumed. San Domingo Is strongly
fortified and provisions are plentiful.
Late to-night Assistant Secretary
Loomis called at the White House and
spent eome time in the telegraph room.
He refused to admit that he was cabling
fresh instructions to Minister Powell, al
though he said that late in the afternoon
he notified the Minister that the cruiser
Baltimore was on her way to San Domin
go and probably would reach there some
time during the night. The dispatch re
porting the capitulation of the city of
San Domingo to the revolutionists was
shown to Loomls. and he expressed the
opinion that such action might have
taken place subsequent to Minister Pow
ell's cablegram that the situation was
serious.
Macoris is a fruit shipping port, and
the bombardment is supposed to have
been without the required twenty-four
hours' notice. If it appears that Ameri
can interests have suffered by arbitrary
action at the hands of the Dominican
Government the State Department will
demand full redress, and the cruiser Bal
timore, now at Puerto Plata, undoubtedly
will prevent further occurrences of this
kind.
The State Department to-day received
another belated dispatch from United
States Minister Powell at San Domingo
City, dated the 6th Inst., In which the
Minister says:
Maroris has Just been bombarded by a Santo
Dominsan naval ve*«.i and partially destroyed.
The American interests in Macoris are very
considerable.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10.— The State De
partment to-night received a cablegram
from Minister Powell at San Domingo,
dated at 4 p. m. to-day, reporting the sit
uation at San Domingo to be very se
rious. The dispatch, it was stated, was
the first which the department had re
ceived on the day of filing Elnce the dis
turbance began.
The State Department to-day received
the following cablegram from Minister
Powell, dated San Domingo, November 6,
11 p. m.:
Insuncenta hare reached the city. Attacked
to-night on three sides. City being ehelled.
Ko damage.
revolutionists and that General
Jiminez has been proclaimed President
of the republic.
CAPE HAYTTEN, Nov. 10.— A dis
patch from Monte Criste says
it is reported there that San
Domingo has capitulated to tho
HER UN. Nov. 10.— A bulletin on the
condition of Emperor William issued this
morning at the new palace, Potsdam,
bays there is a slow Improvement In the
appearance of the left vocal chord.
The Kmperor walked out twice to-day
«nd transacted business with the chief of
the naval staff and the chiefs of his pri
vate military and naval Cabinets.
The morning bulletin was not supple
mented by other details. Importance Is
no longer attached to the Emperor's
wound by the court officials, who consider
ihat public concern can best be alloyed
by not paying anything except what is
contained In the bulletins.
The Emperor will have to abstain from
much public speaking In the future. The
Krowth on the vocal chord appears to
have toern caused by straining: the voice.
The Kmperor. as is well known, talks
much in public, amusing the guests at
dinners and speaking to large open-air
companies at the unveiling of monuments,
launehings and reviews of troops.
Professor Orth's microscopic examina
tion showed that the dark matter found
"rigrinated from previous bleedings within
tbe polypus, which contained a great
number of minute blood vessels. The
bleedings were almost certainly caused
by Joud speaking. The Emperor's voice
Ot recent years has always appeared
tomewhat hoarse, but his entourage no
ticed that it was hoarser than usual dur
ing the last three weeks.
Dr. Schmidt gives his attention solely
to the Emperor's case, having retired
from active practice six months ago.
The Crown Prince, Frederick William,
returned to the new palace to-day from
hunting at Wernigerode.
Court Officials No Longer
Attach Any Importance
to His Illness.
Growth on Vocal Chord
Said to Be Due to
a Strain. .
EMPEROR MUST
SAVE HIS VOICE
SAN DOMINGO IS TAKEN
BY INSURGENT FORCES
Monte Criste Reports the Fall of the Besieged City After
Bombardment by Revolutionists and the Proclaiming of
GeneralJiminez as President of the Disturbed Republic
THE SAN FB ANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1903.
7
AMUSEMENTS.
CyLUm^lA lEAOliQTHEATRi
LAST 6 NIGHTS— MATINEB SATURDAY.
KEKBT MTJSIOAL FANTASY,
sto!rk:s
SINGING COMPANY.
BEAUTY CHORUS. ? - "
(Management Dearborn Theater Company.)
NEXT MONDAY Charles Frohman presents
VIRGINIA HARNED
In A. W. Plnero'a Masterpiece.
"IRIS"
The Most Talked of Play of the Past Decade.
SEATS BEADT THTJBSDAT.
Prices During Miss Harned's Engagement,
»2. $1 60. $1. 75c. BOc. 25c.
GRANDS
ifflTTTTTm TO-DAY
Evenings at 8.
Matinees "Wednesday and Saturday at 3.
SECOND WEEK.
XTjAW and EBLANOES'S
Stupendous Production of Gen. Lew Wallaee s
BEN HUR
Dramatized by William Young.
Muwlo by Edgar StlllmanKelley. . '. .
J^" Scats on Sale Thursday
for Last Two Weeks.
Next Monday— Third -Wsek. ••BEX HUR."
..CALIFORNIA..
EVERYTHING NEW IN MAGIC.
Tbe World's Most Marvelous Magician.
tHERRMANN
TBE GREAT.
Accompanied by the Military Musicians.
THE LASKYS.
NEXT SUNDAY— The only and original
ROSE MELVILLE in "Sis Hocklns."
First Time Here. Seats on Sale.
AND 6T1LL | SAME OLD
THEY COME! | STORY!
. Packed again last night.
1 RUBES AND ROSES |
A Sledge Hammer Hit.
Our "All Star" Cast, Including
KOLB AND DILL.
BARNEY BERNARD.
WINFIELD BLAKE, ' \ \^
MAUDE AMBER, I ,
GEORGIA ©"RAMEY,
BEN T. DILLON. . Y.
' MATINEE ON THANKSGIVING.
Next— "I O U."
PIANO RECITAL
ANGELUS PIANO PLAYER.
SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 14th, AT 3 P. M.
j IN STEINWAY HALL,
Another Piano Recital will be given by Mr.
I Percival K- Van Yorx, with tha aid of
...THE ANGELUS...*
Soloist: MISS DAISY COHN, Soprano.
Complimentary . tickets may.be secured at our
store any time before the recital. '
•-..-; SHERMAN. CLAY , & { CO.'i
1 Kearny and Butter Sts., San Francisco.
flERCE'S
FAVORITE:
SGRIPTION
. RWEAKWOMEW.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
A BAXD NEWSPAPER MAN.
Getting a New Crop of Hair, and Has
No More Dandruff.
Everybody In the Northwest knows
Colonel Daniel Searlcs. the veteran Jour-
nalist and publicist of Butte. Jan. 10.
1S00. the colonol writes: "I used a cou-
ple of bottles of Newbro's Herpictde with
marvelous results. The dandruff disap-
peared: a new crop of hair has taken
root, and the bald ppot Is rapidly being
covered." Herpidde is the only hair
preparation that kills the dandruff perm
that dips up the scalp in scales as it
burrows its way to the root of the hair,
where It destroys the vitality of the
hair, causlnjr the hair to fall out. Kill
the dandruff germ with Herpieide. Sold
by leading druggists. Send 10c In stamps
for sample to The Herpieide Co., Detroit,
Mich.
CASTORIA
. Per Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears' the srf v/fj _^z. "
Signature of (~/i&rffc J&&Ji£A£
®Vim. Vigor. Vitality for Men.
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been la use over fifty
year* br th* leaders ot th»
Mormon Church and their
followers. Poeltively cur* tb*
worst cases In old and roans
arlslnc from effects ot aelf*
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette sxaoldns;. Cur* Lost
Manhood. lmpotencr. Lost
Power. Nlrht Losses In*om-
raa. Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lam* Back.
Nervous DebiUty. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of 6«n«n. g— g~* Vartcocele or Con-
stipation. 6top tier *5 CJ yous Twltchliur of
EyelWi. Effects are Immediate. Impart
vteor and potency CEH'Oto every function.
Don't get deepondent, a cure Is at hand. R»-
rtora email undeveloped orra&s. Btlmulat*
tbe brain and nerve centers; &0c a box; 4 tor
12 CO by mail. A written guarantee to core or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars tr*.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 EIUi st,
6an FrencUco. CaL GRANT DRUQ CO.. S3
and 40 Third ct.
d visit DR. JORDAN'S cheat 6
tHUSEUH OF ANATOMY^
0 Q) uniaszzis7.fan.8tU7ta,c.r.cu. i
Qf Tkc La rr r«i ftnttrr-'r* 1 Masetm la tbe \
I ijfl , . World. Wetic«>c5 «r itijr contracted ft
fCfJMh diieuc p*^*****re«r*db)rtbeetdeu */
0 /c:i5l S>pea*iut on Ike CoMt E»L jt jrttrj. 0
A fiC^/J BR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN 6
L iCSrTB Con«u!UBOB free »nd itrictly prWite. \
1 I Xf^I rl Tr«»ucent penocaliy or by letter. A m
V> W M If f*—*"* <*tr< is every c*>c trodertmkem. T
d r S II fl» XVrit * *" So * k - rmMt^mmrmir *r A
1" |[ I) V H4K«ltti:, MAILED FXKM. (A. V
A (X [}¦ nUittble book for mr%) \ ¦
9 DB. JORDAN * CO.. 1051 Market HUB. F. 9
Jf^^ Those sufferinc from weak-
W* cesses which oap the pleasures
• ¦ ¦ of life should take Juren Pills.
¦'¦ ' One bottle will tell a story of
marvelous result*. This medicine has moje
rejuvenatinir. riulizinr forc« than h*s ever
been offered. S^nt by mail in plain package
only on receipt of this adv. ana a.
>fade br its orijinators C. L Hood Co.. pro-
prietors Hood's Karsaparilla. LowelL Mass.
¦ i
&k SIR! f\ Ammunition, Hunting and
E ¦¦ iQlV Eimrtlng Goods. Uirsest
Ball DM *tock. Lowest prices. K<-nd
R II B \i V B f or '-atslojrue.
UWlVW fc-imnVE* BARBER CO.,
731* Msrket st. and 2X1
' AMUSEMENTS. r>
A T /"I A n A T\ Belnsro ft Mayer.
ALCAZAR grss
General Manager.
"Th* New Alcazar Company Has Mad*
Good in Every Play ."—Hews Letter.
TO-NIGHT— MATINEES SAT. AND SUX.
SHOUTS! SHRIEKS! SCREAMS!
The Private
Secretary. Sr-
Eves.. 25o to 75c; Mat. Sat. tc Sun.. 13o to 50c.
NEXT MONDAY— First Tlm« la This Cltr.
THE CLUB'S BABY.
A Comtdy Convulsion In Three Spasms!
CENTRAL
Market street, near Eighth. Fhone South 533.
TO-K1OST-ALL THIS WESI.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Stock well's Mammoth Production of .
UNCLE TOM'S CABIN
Friday Nigh), PRIZE CAKE-WALK.
PDIPPC EVENINGS.'. 10c to Wa
lalWCd MATINEES 10c. i3c. SSo
MONDAY. November lft— The GorjwHW
Spectacle. "UNDER THE POLAR STAR."
Introducing. First Time In the United State*.
Enquimaux and Esquimaux Dogs of Koltchoffi
Arctic and Alaskan Exhibit, en route to St.
Louis World's Fair.
MATINEB TO-DAY. WEDNESDAY, Nov. 11.
' Parquet, any seat. 23c Balcony. 10c. Chil-
dren, any cart except reserved. 10c
PEERLESS VAUDEVILLE!
P-llnan and Moore; Warren and
Blanchard; Jack Theo Trio; Phil
and Nettie Peters; "Village Choir"
Quartette; Max "Waldoa; Olivette;
The Two Roses; Goleman's Dogs
and Cats and the
INGLESIDE AUTOMOBILE . B ACES
Shown in Motion Pictures.
I IV yjL.1 Houses,
TO-3WIQHT , '
Friday and Saturday Klctttf. :
Puccini's Tragic Opera.
"TOSCA."
Thursday and Sunday Nights, Sat. Hatlnoe.
Verdi's Ever-Popular
"IL TROVATORE."
Steindorff Nlsrht Will Be on Monday Evening
Next. November 18.
Watch for the Feature ot the Operatic Season. '
"ZAZA."
TUESDAY. November 17.
PRICES AS USUAL— 25c. EOc. 73c
Telephone Hush 9.
ICT WEILS,
QTTSXnf . STOWE and FSEXT.
AND A GREAT SHOW EVERY AFTERNOON
AND EVENING IN THE THEATER.
SEE THE INTERESTING BABIES IN THE
INFANT INCUBATORS.
HTMADRYAS X2T THE ZOO I
,, ... .,
Iiot» of Tun in the Penny Arcade. .'
visit the- —
"MYSTIC MXRSOR MAZE." iffjj
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
When Phonln? Ask for "The Chutes,".
PfliarP D0NT FAIL TO
I aiaWW Bee the beautiful
j x, COURT Lounging
/¦fin room, tha EMPIRE
ailU PARLOR, the
r J PALM ROOM, the
If f /I flil I LOUIS XV PAR-
Ul OUU LQRi and the la.
Oil DIES' WRITING
Hotels rqom
i * ...... . ' ¦ -
ADVERTISEMENTS. _____^l!__
SPECIAL P/Va*3'3
Easy Rattan Rocker, made entirely for com-
fort. Heavy twisted rolls for added strength;
schellac finish to prevent soiling.
The very chair to rest in when you've fin-
ished that Thanksgiving bird. Regular price
$6.00. Special for the week, $3.15.
••The Credit House" 233-235-237 Post, St.
' ADVERTISEMENTS. -¦_____
i CvkW' A MILLION AMERICAN BOUNOINa
m ¦ 'jSP BABIES axe , kept crowing with tho de-
ll P*;V*^i^^ llurht of livine because their mamas have
@ S^&SJSfflBB&L. learned < to use OASOABETS Candy Ca-
I S ?/&*mb* thartio. Neighborly neighbors tell
M J? eacl1 other of OASOABETS and the
m £/ y \ttk kind words said have oreated a sale of
| J// «3& over A MILLION BOXES A MONTH.
m Ii\ J»§|l It is easy to protect infants against
m 111 &$fy children's complaints, because all
B , VSy **~~ w these perils have their beginning in
II **»* P\ £f\ .JPShP stomach and bowels, and we have
H b7#A f^-^ r ff^^^^Sp^ *"- OASOARETS a perfect medicine
W^.icic'T -JBv\ that "Will always keep the delicate
SB^^.V jflflg \gB$5|&afSBfiP2/ machinery in a child's body clean,
y y& ' T^SBBM^nraBrvV^ regular and in working order. Chil-
k| V*% WKlfflSgBHBfray dren like the little candy tablet and
m V • are Ba^ e frosa all stomach, bowel,
Q ~ X blood and skin diseases. All druggists,
a OTiHami *r¥tr?i 1Oc » 25o » 50a NEVER SOLD IN BULK.
h .. —c^^s5BjB3M|H^;'- ¦¦ -. • The geuuine tablet stamped
y 3§li ragMgmifa COO. Sample and booklet free.
1 "They make me STEBLINa REMEDY. CO.,
si '¦/:•' feel he'gmodr' Chicago or New York
I AWRIUAL SALE -TEW MILLIOM BOXES
1^ , Greatest In the World |eaoJIMMT BRITT AND CHARLIE SEIGER AS THEY FACED ONE ANOTHER ROUND AFTER ROUND IN THEIR
FIGHT LAST NIGHT IN MECHANICS' PAVILION, WHICH EVENTUALLY WENT TO THE CALIFORNIAN,
WHO EASILY OUTPOINTED HIS OPPONENT.
il U V EITT ii the beat man X have
ff"S_ ever been against. He Is Just
* '-* as rood aa Joe Gan« and bet
ter than Fitzgerald and Turner. He can
punch well and uses his hands well.' X
am satisfied with, the decision, but would
like to fljrht him again, j X trained hard
in the north and came down here and
went riffht into. training 1 and have been
training: for the past three months. X
was stale to-nijrbt from too much train-
Ins;. The weight was all risrht. X always
flffht at 133 pounds, and X was stronff all
the time. If Britt will give me another
fight X will make the same weitrht. All
X need is a month's rest and X will be
ready for him. He punched me srood and
plenty, and he snowed me he Is a rood
man. In fact, he is better than X save
him credit for being." — Seisrer in an in
terview.
Seiger Praises
Britt,. but Wants
Another Chance
SANTANDER, Spain, -Nov.-- lO.^The
rioting whicn broke - out here
continued to-day. The troops are guard-
Ing the residences of Jesuits and.the'con
vents' from threatened attacks • by j mobs, v
Rioting Continues "at Santander.
¦MILWAUKEE,- Nov. 10.— Buddy Ryan of
Chicago got the decision over, Gus Gard
ner of Springfield, ' Mass, at' the r erid of . a
Blx-round bout * before "the '. Badger 'Ath
letic Club to-night.*' '.:¦',%;<¦'.
Buddy Ryan Gets the Decision.
BOSTON,, Nov. 10.— Sandy Ferguson -got
the decision over . Joe . .Wolcott '/ to-night
after fifteen - rounds of fast, clean fighting
before the, Criterion- Athletic Club. Fergu^
son showed superior form . and the ; deci
sion met with general approval^
Ferguson Is Too. Clever for Wolcott.'
NEW ORLEANS, Nov. 10.— The annual
convention of the Traveling Passenger
Agents' Association was opened here to
day, President Fitzgerald presiding..
Nearly 600 members were present, includ
ing several • from ' Canada. The" morning
session was devoted to welcoming ¦ ad
dresses. El Paso, Tex., Portland, Or.,
and Mexico City are after the 1904 conven
tion. - ' . * .. ;' , . '. .;
Passenger Agents in Convention.
Before the fighters appeared . George
Gardner, Jack Johnson,"' Martin v ; Canole
and Jack- Cordell.all; of ; whom. have. ring
engagements V here, ¦ *,were . j- introduceTd.
When Britt entered the ringj he took' his
favorite: stand;' : the..- southwest Corner.'
Seiger , took .the ¦ northwest; corner j and ; : it
was necessary . to toss a^coin- to^see-who
Seieer was the first' in the ring and
Brltt and his party did not come lh = for
twenty minutes. , ¦ The ; spectators -showed
their : displeasure "¦: byj hissing.;; Britt > when
he' entered the ring. Seiger .was seconded
by TJilly ; Roach, lOtts,": Frank Me-,
Donald and * Jockey; Ross. ? In: Britt's cor
ner, were "Spider" a Kelly, 'Tim McGrathi
Curtis RichardsonTand* Sam BtTKer." :i i-\
Seiger was slow and awkward ¦ in his
movements throughout, . but he 'always
retained a hard punch If he could but
land It. He" .tried repeatedly, but Brltt
was never- where .he thought "he ;was. .;
' 'Brltt kept-up "a constant '-fusillade? of
blows, alternating : between the head rand
the body, but they, did not have the power
to stop Seiger. The 'latter^ covered:;, up
well and stopped 'I many : blows ' with '¦'-, his
arms and . his elbows. Britt * was* of ten
puzzled to find", a .vulnerable' spot into
which to plant a blow. He painted 'a
bright red, spot, on! Seiger's back with; his
gloves, : but Seiger : showed no': ill effects
from it..- / *:- - ! •¦'¦ ¦ ->'¦ ' ; -' 1 - 't.-* •¦::".''¦:•.•---'¦*
JIMMY BRITT cleverly outpointed
Charlie Seiger last night in their
twenty-round bout at Mechanics'
Pavilion. The affair went the
limit, and with the. exception of the four
teenth round' there was no time when
Seiger seemed to have a chance with the
clever Californian.
. It was the hardest fight Britt has ever
had, and tried his strength, his clever
ness and his hitting powers to the limit.
Seiger proved but little , better ' than .a
punching bag and took an Incredible
amount of punishment.- This: is his only
qualification as a fighter.' His only blow
is a right chop, but he seemed' unable to
land this effectively, although he tried
repeatedly. !
There was a sameness about the v flght
up to the - fourteenth round which I kept
down the enthusiasm of the spectators.
In this -round Seiger landed one ofihls
swings and Britt went down Just as the
gong sounded. \_ Seiger. ! then forced ; the
fighting for two rounds and there seemed
to be some trouble In store for /Britt.
The latter quickly regained the upper
hand again, however, and won without
difficulty.
SEIGEB IS SLOW.
y' Round , 6— They . exchanged rights • and Britt
; drove • a i vicious • left : to the .body : and a - left
high > on : the J head. J". Brttt :< senti Seiger's ? head
: back awith i straight < left to .the ' face ' and ¦ fol
lowed • it • with a - similar blow ¦¦ a- moment later.
Britt f sent ? right ; and • left ¦ to :; the head r and
Seiger ¦ got left : to : the . Jaw * as ; they came to
gether.V~ Seiger, fought rather wildly. Britt
missed vicious right swing < and Seiger '¦- got » a
Round 1— After some cautious sparring Britt
led twice with left and cleverly blocked two
left leads for the head. Jimmy tried a wicked
left swing tor the head and .missed. Then ho
shot his right to the face and a left and right
to the body. Brltt very cool and doing some
excellent ducking. He tried with left for the
head and switched for the body, but went wide.
Brltt sent (straight left to the head. Britt
swung hard left to the head, but the Italian
countered with left to face. Jimmy drove left
to face twice and shot his right hard to the
botjy, sending Seiger : back. Brltt sent In two
rights, one . to the body and another to the
head. Thla was Brltf s round. Brltt fought
coolly and cleverly avoided all of Seiger's at
tempts. ¦: ¦• "¦¦'. r : -¦¦¦.'.•-¦' .,
Round 2— Seiger missed a left for. the face
and received a straight right to the body. . Sei
ger caught Britt on the body with straight
right - and ' Brltt : nearly slipped. ' The>
mixed It and Seiger sent a- right to the head
and brought his right hard around Britt's head.
Brltt was short with straight . left for the body.
He then swung right and left hard to the Jaw
and missed another for {he same place. Brltt
missed left for the body and left swing for the
head. ' Brltt doing most of. the leading. He put
two rights to ; the kidneys and followed It with
left to the head. They then mixed it near the
ropes without damage.. Brltt was short with a
left swing.' Just previous to the gong Britt
scored with a left hook to the stomach. Britt
had a Blight lead In this round.
i Round 3— Seiger was ! short with left and
Britt put two good lefts to the body and then
gave ~ a clever exhibition : of • blocking. Brltt
drove his right ( hard to the ear and they went
to a clinch. Brltt followed Seiger and crossed
with right to the Jaw and received a light 'left
to the face.' Mixing it, both exchanged lefts to
the head. Seiger was short with straight right
and Britt sent a right to the body and followed
it with right to the kidneys.- Britt put straight
left to • the face and : crossed with left to ¦ the
face. Brttt drove In two rights to the Jaw and
sent Seiger to the ropes with right to the head.
Britt Phot a hard left to the Jaw simultaneous
with the gong. " This .was Britt's round again,
but it looked as if ' he , failed • to follow; up > bis
advantage. Seiger took his punishment without
signs of distress and looked fresh.
' Round '4— Brltt' feinted ' and sent hia left to
the ear and followed it with a left swing to the
head. v- Brltt cleverly blocked several • hard lefts
and rights to the head. ¦ He swung. his left to
the t head ¦ and sent " a . left hook - hard ;¦ over ¦ the
Italian's' heart. Britt . sent a" hard • left to'th
¦shoulder and put a left straight over the heart;
Seiger now looking t worried, v Britt put two
lefts . to the head and In a mix-up Seiger sent
left ; . to ' the face - and right to. the kid
neys. . .Britt ; missed : right' for - the . body
and then > put hard > right to ; the head/ Britt
hooked left to I the stomach and ¦ a right swing
to the body. • Seiger; missed * right and left: for
the ; head : as ' the bell ¦ rang. Britt's ; body - blows
had great effect ; on * the \ Italian and he looked
worried as he went to his cornerA-Britt'a blows
in , most cases were clean and had steam behind
them. *!>,;=: -" "''•/'"-".'¦¦.%¦¦ ."-- ' ,~." '¦ •:¦,'¦•
FDLLOWING is a description of the
flght by rounds as seen by an ex
pert at the ringside:
KKXLL HITS TIMELY DOUBLE.
Brings In Two Buns, Which Win
Gume for Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 10. — The game to-day
was s. pitchers' battle between Fitzgerald and
Oscar Graham, with an occasional hard hit
that lent mice to the contest. Fitzrerald had
absolute control and put the ball over the plate
all the time. Fhil Knell knocked out the
double that won the came. The fielding on
both eides . was at times sensational. Score :
Sacramento— | Oakland —
. A.B. K. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Doyle.s...4 O 0 1 2 O'Hra.cf. 4 0 16 0
IJldbrd.lf 3O11 0 Rcknfld.s 40010
McLfcn.cf 2 0 0 0 0 Murdk.rf 4 0 0 6 0
Oasey.Zb. 4 0 0 4 2 Swrtx.2b 4 0 112
EnehzuSb 4 0 0 2 2 Krugrer.lf 4 10 5 9
C.Grfctn.c 3 1 1 11 2 Mssrly.lb 4 0 12 1
Hora.a.lb 4 117 0 Derrx.3b 4 0 111
Knell.rf. 8 0 11 0 Gorton.c. S 0 1 7 1
Ftzcrld.? 3 0 0 0 3 O.Grhm.p 2 0 2 0 0
. Totals 30. 2 4 27 lir Totals 33 ¦ 1 ~7 27 ~C
RUNS AND HITS BT IKNIXGS.
Sacramento 0 0 0 0 0 0 2 0 0 — 2
Base MU........0 10 0 0 12 0 0-4
Oakland 0 0 0 10 0 0 0 0—1
Base hits 0 0 1. 2 2 1 1 0 0—7
BUMMAHT.
StpTpj ba*e« — C. Graham, Murdock. Errors —
DoylSF2. Ca»«y. Hogan. Three-base hit — C
Grahftm. Two-ba»e hit — Koell. Sacrifice hit
O. Graham. First base on errors — Oakland 3.
Fint base on called ball*— Off Graham 3. Left
en bases — Sacramento 5, Oakland 7. Struck
out — By Fltzserald T. by Graham 6. ' Hit' by
pitcher — HUdebrand. Double plar — Doyle., to
Ca*ey to Hotan. Passed balls — Graham " 1,
Gorton 1. Time of game — One hour and 33
xnlnutes. Umpire — Levy.
Cresceus Fails in Record Time.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Nov. 10.— In what
was heralded as bis last public ; appear
ance on the turf. Cresceus, the king of
trotters, failed to-day In his effort to
break the world's trotting, record of 2:08
for a mile on a half-mile track, going
the distance in 2:13M on the Kansas City
Driving Club's track.
Young Corbett Coming West.
A wire was received from Young Cor
bett yesterday saying he will leave New
Tork to-day for this city. He is matched
to fight Eddie Hanlon here on Decem
ber 29. . '.
Death of a Well-Known Driver.
CLEVELAND. Ohio, Nov. 10.— Orrin
Hickok, formerly one of , the best known
drivers and trainers of fast horses in. the
country. Is, dead at the State Hospital
here of softening cf the brain.
* * /""^ EIOEB Is a tousrh man and X
took no chances. Z think Z
K»^ showed the public that Z could
mix and do better than he could. Z never
hurt my hands, although it appeared so
to some of the spectators. Z simply did
not use my right too ofter for fear that
Z mlffht injure it. Then, again. Z saw Z
could beat him with my left and did so.
Z intend to rest up a few days and then
gro back to tralnlnr for my contest with
Canole. Z was never in . better shape.
My seconds handled me splendidly and Z
fought a careful flgrht. The public can
judge whether Z showed skill or not. He
never had me distressed at any statre of
the fight. Seiger's only chance of beat
ing me was to land his right, and Z was
careful that ha did not. He caught me
twice on the Jaw and the blows dazed me
for an instant, but Z was right back* at
him." — Britt in an Interview. •
Jimmy Britt Says
Seiger Is a Hard
Man to Knock Out
VSpider" .Welch ; was awarded a decision
over . Prank ': Rafael ¦ after ten % rounds^ of
fast {fighting. -IWelch did the cleaner
work," although Rafael was the aggressor
throughout -¦ the ; battle. Rafael '^was , in
distress , throughout,' but putlup ; a plucky
battle." \The' decision rendered; by Gran^
field 5 was "received '• wfth hoots^and Jeers.'
A majority, of /the house belieyedjthe bout
should -¦ have ' been ; declared ; a • draw. , Ra
fael did j all > the I forcing and landed ' f re-"
queritly iwlth left swings, V He ¦¦ hurt the
."Spider," but 'could not : finish him. Welch
landed " straight \ punches land \ had Rafael
bleeding; from a bad cut. over >. the : eye. -. 7
•The; second, bout;,. was .to; have :^ been, a'
ten-round; contest 'between 'Dave "> Barry
and Maxey Kane, ! a; husky,! fellow/; who
hails ; from 'the ' Philippine^ Islands." ¦ Kane
.wasvmuscle-bound>?and j knew", ' ; nothing
about the, fighting game. The crowd tired
of -"seeing r Barry i. land ' lefts].; and ft rights
without a- return : and : in , the ¦ second • round
"Spider'-V Kelly,! the referee,' sent | Kane to
his /.corner! and ~ awarded 'i the * contest \ to
Barry, \ - Kane was , hooted ¦ for hia ..' poor
showing. "~'* -—*•—»-- _•-•¦•; —^-¦-- ¦•¦"-;-¦;•¦.'-¦...>;
Is Awarded the Decision After Ten
. -Bounds of Hard Fighting.
WELCH DEFEATS BAFAEL.
In the second round Sieger sent his right
to the head and Britt sank to one knee,
but was up in an Instant and proved he
was unhurt. Britt tried all he : knew in
the third round, but his blows seemed to
have no effect 'on the "iron -.man." In
the fourth round Seiger was the first to
get into action, as he was, Indeed, In each
round throughout the flght • He soon
slowed up from a hard left to the body
and a right to the head, both of which
hurt him. Brltt staggered Seiger with.
,a right to the' head and knocked him, to
his knees in the sixth round. '. ; Seiger waa
up in an Instant and fought back, but
was only a chopping .block forj Britt. In
the seventh Seiger missed a hard upper
cut and, overbalancing himself , ;f ell. > He
did not take any time on the mat. Britt
sent a hard left to the head and missed
a hard | uppercut by a shade. ' The eighth,
ninth, tenth and eleventh, were all In
Britt's favor, as he kept punching Seiger
continuously. ' ' The tide ; seemed to turn
in Seiger's favor in the fourteenth. He
caught Britt; a. right to the head which
staggered him and then . scored a clean
knockdown with a second right.
' The . gong ; sounded while Brltt: was on
the floor and h© = walked „ to | his : corner.
The fifteenth and sixteenth rounds Seiger
followed up his j advantage and forced th&
fighting. : He was unable to. do any further
damage 'and T in '¦¦ the > seventeenth'; round
cBritt again obtained the ascendency. % In (
this round he started Seiger's nose bleed
ing badly and kept It in this condition to
the end. In " the eighteenth round I Seiger
missed a , right uppercut and gave Britt
a great opening, of which he availed him
self.- Heisent in a t rlgnt .which lifted
Seiger off his feet and set him on his
haunches. In the nineteenth Brltt cut
Seiger's mouth .badly and then kept Jab
bing hlnv until the end: of the light.
Referee Graney; gave Brltt' the decision
without hesitation. \- L- '
In the first round Britt and Seiger ex
changed rights. They landed the "same in
stant. Britt acknowledged afterward that
this and the blow he received in the four
teenth ..round were the only • ones that
dazed him. * ,..•;.
The gate receipts were $9002. Of this the
club received $4501. Britt's share was
$2700 60, while Seiger received $1800 40 as
the loser's end. •• ¦
RECEIPTS ABE LARGE.
would have the choice. "Spider!' Kelly
won for Brltt ; and kept the southwest
corner. Britt complained about the ring,
which seemed to be about eighteen feet
square Instead of the regulation 24-foot
ring specified in /the Queensberry rules.
Britt did; not. seem In his usual good spir
its. f He seemed drawn and nervous, but
the battle he put up .showed he was in
great physical condition.' Seiger was
brown and rugged looking and through
out the fight his face was expressionless.
He showed no signs of distress nor ela
tion.
Eastern Figbter Takes an Incredible Amount of Punish
ment, but Knocks Britt Down Once.
SELECTIONS. />;/V
By the New Tork Morning Telegraph.
First race — One Store, Binehelio, Chan
trelle. ¦ '
Second race — Morninff Star, Wreath of
Try. MiM Mollie.
Third race— Coruscate, Miss Mae Say,
Arachue.
Fourth race— Charawind, Bed Car. Fal
ella. '
Fifth race— Bouffh and Tumble, Ar
morer. Freakness. •
Sixth race — John Terkes. Eaviland,
Frank Me.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 10.— Latonla summary:
First race, six and a half furlongs — King
Rose won Pomplno second, Barbara Frletchle
third. Time. 1:21%.
Second race, five and a half furlongs — Sllk
mald won. Sanetomo second Ben Adklns third.
Time. 1:07 >,4.
Third race, one mile — Ethel Wheat won.
Love's Labor second. Overhand third. Time.
1:41 %.
Fourth race, six furlongs — Karl Kahler won.
Autumn Leaves second, Bardolph third. Time,
l:l*tt.
Fifth race, one and a half miles — Hay ward
Hunter won. Goo Goo second. Pathos third.
Time. 2:37H.
Sixth race, fix and a half furlongs — Grand
Mary won, Arachune second. Naulada third.
Time. 1:21.
JAMAICA ENTRIES.
NEW YORK. Nov. 10. — The entries for the
races to-morrow at Jamaica track follow:
Weather clear; track fast.
First race, five and a half furlongs, 2-year
olds — Rcb Roy ay, Ikki 102, Garnish 107, Ortho
dox 107, Blytheneys 109, Harangue 112, Briar,
thorpe 104, St. Valentine 112, Prince Salm Salm j
102, Sneer 99, Mimosa 109, Evermore 9U.
Second race, eix furlongs, 3-year-oldp, selling
— Athlana 105, Our Nugget 06, Rlgodon 104,
The Guardsman 103, Mount Hope 104. Erbe 101.
Bquanto NJti. Akela 104, Presentation 103. Foxy
Kane 100. Diue and Orange 105, OrJoit 102,
Lightship £K>, Merry Sport 101, Pride of Galore
»6. Effie Shepherd 111.
Third race, one mile and Eeventy yards,
handicap — Gunfire 126. Stamping Ground 113,
Early Eve 102. Lady Potentate 106, Sweet Alice
112. Ella Snyder i»5. Hoodwink 107, Elsie L 08,
Bolina 88, Sabot 97. *3
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs. The
Bronx handicap, 2-year-olds — Lady Amelia 126,
St. Valentine 117, Grenade 122. Prince Salm
Salm 102. Race King 124. Dolly Spanker lltt.
We tan 118. Juvenal Maxim 11(5, Mineola 105,
Tim 'Payne 102, Marjoram 98.
Fifth me*, one and a sixteenth miles. Belling
— Hackensatk 100, Widow's Mite 82. Setauket
106. Medal ICtf. -Contend 1C6. Stonewall 101. De
murrer 109. John Hughes 106, Past 100, Lady
Potentate 103, Hoodwink 108.
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles — Gunfire
126, Duke of Kcndal 121. River Pirate 120, Car
buncle 119, Masterman 110. Buttons 113. Lord
Badge 112, Tribes Hill 112. Sheriff Bell 111.
Stonewall 102, Gaviota 97. Brigand 02, Circus
88, Gold Bell 87. (Duke of Kendal and But
tons, Thomas entry.)
SELECTIONS.
By the New Tork Morning Telegraph.
First Bace— Orthodox, Bob Boy, Ha
rangue.
Second Baoe— Rlrodon. . Bine : and
Orange, Athlana. .-- .
Third . race — Gunfire. . Lady Potentate,
Stampicsr Ground.
Fourth race — Mineola. Lady Amelia.
Grenade. .... . -
: Fifth race — Lady Potentate. Hoodwink.
Widow'* Mite.
Sixth race — Gunfire, Brigand, Tribes
LATONIA ENBIES.
CINCINNATI. Nov. 10. — The entries for the
Latonla' racen to-morrow are:
Weather clear; track fast.
First race one mile selling — Chantrelle 9S,
Bras* 103, Prince Richard 103. Dr. Rlley 9. r >,
Drummond 95, Frank Jones 100, Honey brook
85, Grand Marias 100,' B!nehelio 9S. One More
j 08. Albert Lee 100. Rip 92.
Second race three quarters of a mile, sell
ing — Belletoone 09 Maurfc Flute J»C. Melita 100. ,
Overhand t»9 Harka 101. LIda Vivian 06. Ala-i
, mode 91. Morning Star 105, Ruth Parrlsh 103.
Appollnaris 90 Wreath of Ivy 107, Cocoon 91,
Miss Mollie 94, Bird Pond 99. -
Third race, one mile — Four Tens 95. Corus
cate 110 Brief 99 Christine A 95. Epidemic
100 Sanctlsslma 99 Alum Water 99. Duchess
Hanna 99 Rhoda Fuller 95. Ocean Dream 95,
Arachue iO4. Miss Mae Day 104. -
Fourth race, 'steeplechase, short course —
Theory 125. Itacatiara 135. Falella 143. Val
antlna 125, Isllp 125, . Chara wind 1C5. Red Car
143 John E. Owens 126. Faraday Jr 140.
. Fifth race, five and a half furlongs — I M"u«t
106 Major T. J. Carson 102. Rough and Tum
ble 102 Preaknese 110. Delmonico 102. Falae
Entry iO3 Circular Joe 110. Barney Dreyfus
10« Armorer "HO, Seagraves 102, Salivate 102,
King Nutter 102. '
Sixth race one mile, celling— Lady of the
West 105 Havlland 103. Frivol 100. Frank Me
103 Moor 100 Jigger 1.07, John Terkes 103.
<Tufts 100, Jim "Wlnn 100. Nearest 103. Beana
100. .
Stolen. bases— Hoy. Wheeler (2). Spies. Er
rors — Clark. Anderson. Three-base hit — Cra
vath. Two-base hits — Hoy. Wheeler. " Free
man CD. First base on called boils — Off Gray
f>. off Shields 2. First base on error — Los An
ireles 1. Etruck out — By Gray 2. by Shields
2. Double plays — Raymond to Wheeler to
Dillon: Smith to Dillon to Raymond to Spies.
Sacrifice .hit— Blake. Hit by pitcher — Ross.
Time of game — 1:40. Umpire—McDonald.
Los Angeles 0 603 100 1 x — 10
Base hits 1 6 2 3 2 0 O 2 x — IS
Portland 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 — 1
Base hits 0 1 O 1 0 0 01 4—7
. . SUMMARY.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 10.— Backed by per
fect fielding Gray came near shutting out the
Portland team to-day. The locals batted
Shields hard all throogfc the game. The fea
ture* were the fielding and batting of Wheeler
and -Raymond and the batting of Spies. The
fielding of Raymond during the last week
har be*n remarkable and his batting has not
been far below his work In the field. Hol
llngsworth did not appear on the scene and
all trouble from <hat source waa avoided.
Score:
Lo« Angeles — I Portland —
AB.R. HP. A.I AB. R.H. P. A.
Hoy.cf 4 2 14 OiVBurn.cf 4 0 13 0
Whelr.2b A 3 3 2 7|Andsn.2b 4 0 10 4
Fmith.3b 5 0 2 1 4jNadeu,If 4 0 0 2 0
Dillon.lb S 0 1 12 1 Fremn.lb 3 1 2 12 1
Cravth.rf 8 110 0 Blake,3b 2 0 12 4
Ross.If.. 2 113 0 Francis,* 3 0 12 3
Raymd.s 4 2 3 16 Thlmn.rf 4 0 10 0
Sples.c. 4 13 4 0 Clarice 2 0 0 2 2
Cnay.p... 4 0 0 0 0 Shielde.p 4 0 0 12
# McF"arld 1 O 0 0 O
Totals 38 10 18 27 17 •
Totals 31 1 T 24 1«
TMcFarland batted for Shields tn ninth in
cing.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Portland Pitcher Gets Hit Hard
Throughout the Game.
SHIELDS EASY FOB ANGELS.
Stolen bases — Shay 2, Meany, Lynch, Delmas,
Smith. Errors — Sample 3, Jansing 2, Shay 2,
EX>lmas, Et. VraJn. Three-base hit — Smith
. Two-base hit— Leahy. Sacrifice hit— Meany.
First bane on errors — San Franclrco 4. Seattle
2. First base on called balls — Off WhaJen 2,
off St. Vraln 3. Left on bases — San Francisco
pJh, Seattle 5. Struck out— By Whalen 3 by
St. Vraln 2. Double plays— Smith to Brashear;
Meany to Pabrt: Delmas to Irwln. Wild pitch
— St. Train. Time of nine — 1 hour and 45
minutes. Umpire — O'Connell.
Ban Francisco ...10300000 3 7
Base hits 1 1 2 0 10 0 0 3 — 8
Seattle 00 3 00000 0—3
Base hits 1 1 3 1 0 0 1 0 0 7
SUMMARY.
1 Totals.33 3 7 27 18
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
The pitching honors were about even up
between St. Vraln and Whalen, but the
support received by the latter aided him
out In the tight places, while the northern
slabster was continually being thrown
down by his fielders whenever he needed
good backing.
The Natives landed once in the first on
a hit, an error and a stolen base. In the
third they shoved three more of their
number over qn a combination of poor
fielding and a timely hit. The northern
sluggers filled up the bags in the third,
and then Smith came through with a
triple to left, which cleared the bags.
After that inning It was curtains with
Seattle, while San Francisco brought two
more home in the ninth and made victory
doubly sure. The score:
San Francisco— i Seattle —
AB.R. H. P. A. AB.R. H. P. A.
Bhay. s...4 3 2 1 3;Lumly. cf.4 110 0
Meny. -rf.,3 114 1 Mohlr. 2b.4 116 1
Irwln, 3b.O 0 12 0 Smith, rf.4 0 2 4 1
Krug. cf ..4 0 12 0 Smple. Ib.2 0 0 9 0
Lynch, lf.3 10 2 0:Brshr lb.l 0 0 2 0
Pabst. lb.4 0 0 8 2,Zlnsar. If.* 0 2 0 0
Dims. 2b.. 4 12 2 s!jnsng, 3b.4 0 0 2 6
Leahy, c.4 1 1 4 lJDolan s.4 0 0 2 5
IVhaln. p.4 0 0 2 3 Byers, e..3 0 0 2 2
Totaa,^ ! 1 27 n! 6t - Vrn - p :?J-iJ.i
The Seattle aggregation arrived at the
Oakland ball grounds in all its glory yes
terday afternoon and ran a bad second to
the native organization. . In fact, the slug
gers who have been creating such a sen.
eatlon throughout the length and breadth
of the. Pacific Coast played the game like
a lot of tramps, and the struggle finished
7 to 3. -
It was the Seattle infielders who were
to blame for the poor exhibition. Two of
them, Dolan and Mohler, performed as
well as could be expected, but the other
pair, Jansing and Sample, were something
awful, and It Is shameful to relate how
many times they allowed the natives to
get on bases and come home with runs.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
W. 1,. Pet.1 W. L. Pet.
Los Ang...l20 73 .C22 Ban Fran..l01 105 .490
Brattle .... 85 83 .MS Portland .. 89 9^.482
6aeram'to.. US 100 .4Vl\ Oakland .. 65 121 .412
- ¦ Round 12 — Seiger missed left swing for the
head and Brltt sent left to the body and a hard
right swing to the Jaw, Jimmy hooked left to
the body : and missed another for the same
place. Seiger ran into a straight left and then
sent a right swing to '. the : head, " Seiger once
more went to the floor from . a missed right
swing. Britt missed right and left for the
Jaw. ,-.¦¦ The - pace slowed - up somewhat and
they clinched considerably. A long. mix-up fol
lowed without damage. Jimmy blocked several
rights and lefts for the body and sent in a
left hook - to the Jaw. Seiger missed left and
right swing for the Jaw as the bell rang. .This
was the tamest round of the fight, Brltt hav
ing a slight lead. - -
> Round 13— Seiger uppercut Britt with a hard
right to the Jaw and then mixed It without
effect. Brltt put his ¦ right to the head and
left to the. body: Brltt sent two straight lefts
to the head and a straicht left to the body.
Britt. missed lefts*. for the Jaw. and body and
then sent a straight left to the body, forcing
the Italian to cover up. They went to a
clinch, which Jimmy broke with left to . the
face and left i hook to the body. Once again
Jimmy sent his left to the body, but Seiger
never faltered. Brltt sent straight left to the
body and Britt neatly blocked right and left
counters. ¦ Brltt drove > left . to the body and
Seiger - went *. to his corner - looking . puzzled.
Britt' s work was very fast and Seiger appeared
unable to land a telling blow of any sort.
Round 14 — They went Into a clinch and
Jimmy worked his left- to the body.-. In a mix
Seiger put in a stiff. left to the face." -He fol
lowed it ' with ¦' left to ¦ the ; kidneys and re
ceived a left hook ;. on the ' stomach and * a
straight s left t to - the . Jaw. Britt then hooked
his left to the - Jaw and followed It with left
to the> body. Seiger, swung wildly, aqd twice
went ¦ across , the : ropes ¦ from the - force - of his
blows. - Desultory sparring ¦ followed • and Sel-
Round 7— Seiger put a right to thehead and
Jimmy a light left, to the face. They then
went to a clinch and Seiger sent & right high
on the body. Biitt swung right to the body
and got a right to the head in return. Britt
taking no chances. He sent a left to the wind
and Seiger put right to the head. Brltt hooked
left low to the stomach and Seiger slipped to
the floor from a missed uppercut. Brltt work
ed his left to the stomach again and his left
to the Jaw. Seiger again slipped to the floor
from the force of his own blows and whea
he arose Britt met him with left uppercut to
the Jaw. Brltt sent a left to the stomach as
the gong clanged.
Round 8 — Britt shot his left to the head and
they mixed It. Seiger bored In and then tried
left and right for the head but failed to con
nect. Britt hooked his unerring left again
to the stomach and a right to the kidneys.
Britt gave a fine exhibition of blocking and
covering and then put his right to the body.
Britt slipped to the floor, but was up quickly
and 1 got right to Seiger's body. Britt whip
ped right to the Jaw and nearly floored the
Italian Britt Jabbed with left to the face
and they went Into a clinch. Britt again
hooked left to the stomach and right to the
Moneys. Seiger mlased a fearful right swing
for the Jaw and the round closed with the
men In a clinch.
Round 0— Seiger came up In fair shape and
forced the fighting. Brltt caught him In the
body with a left hook and then missed two
lefts and rights and left for the head and
body. Britt hooked Seiger on face with a
left and kept away from Seiger. Britt hooked
hard left high on the body and received a right
on the head. Once more Britt eent his left to
•the body, which was followed by a clinch.
Britt missed two lefts for the body and blocked
a left for the head. Brltt got light swing to
the face and • they mixed it. Seiger missed
hard straight left for the body and they mixed
It without result. Seiger got right to the head,
but received in return a right to the Jaw and
left to the-'body, which made him wince. Brltt
once more had the advantage. At this stage
he had a clear lead over Seiger and was out
boxing the New .Yorker at every stage.
9 Round 10 — They went into a clinch and Britt
missed a left for the face. Jimmy quick aa a
flash drove a terrific left to the body and sent
another left to the head. Britt sent straight
left to the Jaw and blocked all attempts at a
counter. Britt drove his left to the body
rather high and swung his left to the Jaw. Brltt
put hard left to the Jaw and right to the kid
neys. Seiger sent In a hard right to the Jaw
and Britt smiled. 'They mixed It fiercely, both
landing good blows, but Britt had the better of
the argument. Britt kept pegging away with
his left, but Seiger toed the scratch every
time and the punishment seemed to have no
great effect on him.
Round 11 — Brltt missed two lefts for the face
and "¦ they mixed It, Seiger blocking several
wicked blows for the . head and body. Britt
hooked left to the head and right to the Jaw
and Seiger got in a right to Jimmy's ear. Brltt
got in a right and left ' hard to the head and
Seiger sent in straight left to the head. Britt
sent right to the face and was short- with left
for the body. , Britt booked hard left to the
body, and Beiger sent in a straight left totha
body. Seiger slipped to the floor from the
force of a missed right swing. He sent Britt
back with a wild swing on the body. Jimmy
then put right and left to the Jaw hard as the
bell 4 rang. ... Seiger made his best showing in
this round, notwithstanding that Brltt sent in
several terrific body punches. Brltt did most
of the leadlnsr.
These are strenuous times behind the
high board fence that surrounds the cam
pus gridiron. Secret practices they are
and yet Coach ' L<anagan on several oc
casions to-night might be said to have
given away the secret. Judging from the
stentorian tones in which he upbraided
the big fellows : for not getting Into the
plays. Lanagan Is far from satisfied with
the showing being made by the big eleven
against the second, yet if coaching can
aid them- that same varsity eleven ought
to be In perfect trim on Saturday, for
each man is receiving Individual attention
from the coaches.
Several of the big fellows did not get
Into the scrimmage to-night owing to the
fact that their condition will not permit
it. They have been worked hard during
the past two weeks and as a result the
trainer Is afraid that they may "break
over" before Saturday if they are allowed
to go in for hard scrimmage work.
To-morrow the last general assembly
before the intercollegiate game will oc
cur and from present Indications It prom
ises to be one of the most enthusiastic
of the year. It will be largely in the
nature of a football rally, although the
last big rally will be held the following
night in Assembly Hall.
It is probable that W. T. Reid, former
varsity athlete and coach at Harvard
University and at present head master at
Belmont School, will be the principal
speaker. Coach Lanagan and Dr. Frank
Angell of the faculty athletic committee
are also expected to address the meeting.
good left to Britt's face. Jimmy got In hard
right to the body and they fought hard in a
mlxup. Brltt sent left to the head and avoided
a left for the face. Brltt sent in fearful right
to the head and they came to a clinch. Brltt
missed straight left for the body and the bell
rang. S«Iger put in several good blows In this
round, but Brltt had a shade the beter of it.
Round &— They came to the center and mixed
It. both landing telling blows. Seiger
changed his tactics and did more mixing.
Brltt drove hard right to the kidneys and
blocked left and right for the Jaw. Brltt
hooked his left to the chest. Brltt sent a
fearful right to the Jaw and the Italian clinch
ed. Brltt drove right to the Jaw and floored
Seiger with left to the stomach. The Utter
was up quickly and mixed It with Jimmy, but
did not land. Brltt missed left for the stom
ach and landed left and right to the body.
Brltt put a left to the cheat and right to the
kidneys. At the bell they exchanged rights
and lefts in a mlxup. Brltt outpointed and
outboxed Seiger in this round and easily held
his advantage. Seiger looked a bit worse for
wear. ' ¦¦•..--¦ ';
The coaches are striving bard to find
a man who can kick a field goal If the
opportunity should be afforded in the
contest with the blue and gold next Sat
urday, t ¦ .
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Nov. 10.—
The varsity football team lined up for
scrimmage work to-night for the first
time since its game with Multnpmah Sat
urday. Yesterday's gridiron work con
sisted wholly of signal practice, kicking
and catching punts, trying goal kicking
and other fundamental work of that or
der. . " / <:"'
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
Sixth race, mile and seventy yards — Trepan
won. Mart Mullen second. Sir Hep third. Time
1:47.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs — Silver
Dream won. Mimosa second. Ballet third.
Time. 1:00 3-5.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles, the
Mineola handicap — Stamping. Ground, won,
Colonsay second. Sheriff Bell .third. Time.
1:48.
Third race, five and a half furlongs — Monet
won. Crown Prince second Reticent third.
Time, 1:07 2-5.
NEW YORK, Nov. 10.— The best race
from a spectacular point of view to-day
was the Mineola handicap for three-year
olds at a mile and a sixteenth. There
were only four starters, but Handicapper
Vosburgh succeeded in bringing them so
close together that It was anybody's race
up to the last sixteenth pole. Wild
Thyme ruled favorite.
At the break Higgins rushed to the
front with Stamping Ground, the others
neck and neck about a length behind.
There was no variation until the head of
the stretch was reached, where Higgins
let Stamping Ground down and the Lamp
lighter flllv was returned winner by a
length and a half.
Three favorites and two second choices
enabled form pickers to • put another
crimp in the layers' rolls, with O'Neill
handling two winners. Summary:
First race. eIx furlongs — Ostrich won. Emer
gency second. Girdle third. Time, 1:14.
¦ Second race, mile and seventy yards — O.
Whittier won. Gaviota second. Ethics third.
Time. 1:46 2-5.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
After the big battle Referee Eddie
Graney made the following statement
"Brltt fought better to-night than 'he
has In his whole career. He was faster
and cleverer than his opponent and had
him . beaten - at every , department of the
game. 3eiger r surprised me by his abll
ity to take punishment. Any other man
would have succumbed In the earlier
rounds, but he seemed to like It and came
back for more. The decision was given
to Britt because he had it by a mile At
no time In the fight did Seiger show to
advantage. -Brltt^ was never in danger
and outpointed his man in every round
Seiger Is a dangerous .fellow in the ring
and; Brltt took no Chance* He used
good generalsbipithroughout and'foazhb
carefully andtwelL" . lBU * nB
Graney's Opinion.
Round 20— They shook hands. Seiger .nshed
in. fighting desperately, but Britt had no
trouble in eluding him. Brltt missed a straight
left for the face and they went against the
ropes without damage. Britt sent his left to
the face and Seiger missed a. hard right swing;
for the Jaw. Britt fighting very carefully and
taking no chances. SeTsex missed a right to
the Jaw and .- chased Brltt around the ring.
Britt stopped him with a hard left hook to the
body and left and right to -the Jaw. Seiger
received two hard lefts on the Jaw and Britt
followed It with two lefts and a right on the
face. Brltt sent his left to the face and hooked
a fearful left hook to the body. It locked a»
if, Britt might knock Seiger out before the
sound of the bell, but the tatter's ability for
absorbing punishment was remarkable Britt
left the ring without a mark, while Seiger's
face was cut and hi« body plainly showed the
effects of Britt's numerous lefts.
Round 17 — They went into a mix-up and
Britt Jolted Seiger with left to the nose and
received a right to the Jaw. Seiger's nose ble<l
profusely and Brltt aggravated the wound with
straight lefts. Brltt hooked a hard left to the
mouth and quickly followed It with left hook
to the stomach. Seiger again swung wildly.
Britt sent in a terrific straight left to the face
and followed it with two vicious lefts and
rights to Seiger's sore spots, staggering him.
Seiger put his right to the face and once to
the body, but Brltt sank his left hard to the
body. Britt missed a left swing and Seiger
countered with left to the face. Brltt crossed
with left, to the Jaw and drove hia left to the
body as the belt clanged. . Seiger went to hia
corner bleeding . copiously and looked very dis
tressed. Brltt had a long lead at thta stage.
Round IS — A mix opened the round without
damage. Seiger went after Britt with rights
and lefts, but Britt easily covered up. Jimmy
then hooked his left to the body and a left to
the face. They fought to a corner and Jimmy
shot his left to the face twice. He then sent
a straight left to the sore spot, starting the
blood afresh. Seiger nearly went through the
ropes from a right swing. Britt seat Seiger to
the floor with a right hook to the Jaw. Seiger
came up quickly, but was punished unmerci
fully on the face ' and body. He went artsr
Britt with left and right swings, but failed to
connect. Seiger fought very gamely, but the
Californian was too clever and had no difficulty
landing and avoiding the Italian's wild swings.
Britt's round.
Round- 10 — Seiger mixed it at once and Britt
met him with straight left on the nose. Jimmy
sent a stratsht left to the body and crossed
with left to the face. Seiger bled again and
swung Ineffectually with rights and lefts.
Seiger landed a left and right swing on Brltt.
but the blows lacked steam. Brltt awtrng vic
iously with left to the Jaw and followed It
with straight left to the face. Britt drove his
right hard to the Jaw and then sent In a
straight left Seiger was being punished con-
Mderably. but never winced and always came
back for more. Brltt measured a left and sent
it' in straight to the mouth and then put hia
right to the head. The bell rang with Seiger"s
face * man of blood.
ger missed left and right swings for the Jaw.
Brltt shot his left to the wind and ml-ased
several lefts for the face. Seiger caught Brltt
with right and left on the Jaw and nearly
floored the Callfornian. Just as the gong
rang Seiger swung with another light and
Brltt went to his haunches'. He waa up
quickly and was pushed to his corner by his
seconds. Tills was Seiger's round.
Round 15 — They mixed It fiercely. Seiger
swinging wildly. They exchanged hard rlzma
and Brltt sent two lefts to the Jaw. Seiger
went after Britt. but the latter blocked must
of the swings. Seiger sent straight left to the
face- and Brltt shot his left hard to the stom
ach. They kept mixing it. and most
of the. blows were mild. Seiger went
after Brltt. but hU blows went Ill
timed and Britt easily avoided them.
Brltt sent a straight right to the Jaw and
followed It with two lefts to the same place.
Britt sent in a hard right to the head and
Seiger drove his right to the Jaw with force.
Jimmy Jabbed Seiger with lefts to the face
and a hard left to the body. Both men fought
hard in this round. Seller's blows were wild
most of the time and he overlooked numerous
opportunities. Honors «ven.
Round 16 — Seiger shot his right to the head
and received a left hook hard on the stomach
in return. Britt staggered Seiger with two
terrlfice left Jolts to the body and followed It
with left and right to th« body and head.
.Seiger swung wildly and Britt put a stiff left
to the stomach. In a mixup Seiger sect his
light to the kidneys. Britt sent a straight
left to the stomach and cleverly blocked a
counter. Britt put straight left to the Jaw
and the Italian found Jimmy's face with a
hard right swing. Brltt staggered Seiger wlta
a right and left to the Jaw and then sent »
left straight on the body. Seiger chased
Jimmy around the ring, swinging inaccurately.
Brltt was much cooler In this round and
scored many times on the stomach with his
left.
The varsity lined up against the second
eleven again to-day. The second eleven
was strengthened by the addition of
Forse, Kittrelle and Geary. The first
eleven played a fast game and there waa
a notable difference in the team work,
which up to this time has not been by
any means perfect.
The coaches are spending a good deal
of time perfecting the ends. Harry Hud
son, the right end, spends his time teach
ing Demerritt and Oliver some of the fine
points of the game.
But Stern's good' showing in last Satur
day's game against Nevada rather set
tled the contention over the place. Not
that Forse made any mistakes, but that
Stern made big ground gains against the
visitors. Stern played in the second half
only, Forse having been In the first, and
it was easy to see that he was more than
"making good."
Stern has not been playing all season
like Forse and that is probably the rea
son for the impression that Forse would
be the fullback. Stern was hurt early
in the season, so that the coaches have
not been using him as often as Forse. He
Is a much heavier man than Forse, per
haps ten or fifteen pounds representing
the difference, and he is not as quick on
his feet, but he plays what might be
called a "heady" game.
"I haven't made up my mind who will
play fullback," said Coach Whlpple to
day. "Stern has the best chance for the
place,' though to-morrow's practice game
will determine who gets it. It may be
that we will try both men during the
game."
BERKELEY, Nov. 10.— It is pretty well
understood that Jack "Whlpple and Mini
will be the halfbacks and "Jonny" More
the quarterback in Saturday's game, but
there Is still a good deal of speculation
going on as to whether Stern or "Jim"
Forse will be the fullback. Coach "Jim"
Whlpple said to-day that he was undecid
ed as between the two men. but from
what he said It might be inferred that
the position will go to Stern.
Up to last Saturday It seemed to be
taken for granted that Forse would fill
the bill at the big game. He had been
tried at left tackle and fullback, but he
seemed to fill better behind the line, fie
is an enthusiastic, hard-hitting player, is
a consistent ground gainer and doesn't
fumble. There seemed to be no doubt
that he would go into the game as full
back.
Visitors Score Their Only
Runs on Smith's
Three-Bagger.
Nicely Adjusted Weights Re
sult in a Spectacular
Race.
Members of Varsity Eleven
Busy With Secret
Practice.
Weakness of Ends Causes
Berkeley Players
Concern.
Natives Take Advantage
of Errors and Win
in a Walk.
Stamping Ground Runs
First in the Mineola
Handicap.
Coaches Seek a Player
for a Possible Rec
' ord Kick.
California's Coach Un
decided as to Naming
Fullback.
SEATTLES PLAY
LISTLESS BALL
THREE JAMAICA
FAVORITES WIN
STANFORD MEN
TRY FOB GOALS
SELECTING MEN
FOR BIG GAME
JIMMY BRITT, THE BOXER, CLEVERLY OUTPOINTS SEIGER
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1903.
8A deed was Dlaced on record yesterday
covering the transfer of the northeast
corner of Geary street and Grant avenue,
40x122 feet, by W. J. DIngee and wife to
Lewis Meyerstein and Edward Rothschild.
The document names $10 as the nominal
consideration.
Big Transfer of Real Estate.
Has Secured Theater.
The Widows' and Orphans' Aid Associa
tion of the San Francisco Fire Depart
ment has Becured the Grand Opera-house
for the week commencing December 20. A
benefit performance will be given nightly.
L. F. Wallace, a member of the Marine
Cooks' and Walters' Union; was found
suffocated yesterday morning on the floor
of liis room in a lodging-house at 1126
Market street. The key of the gas burner
was partly turned on. Wallace had been
sick for a long time and was despondent.
It Is believed to be a case of suicide.
Suicide of a Waiter.
Assistant United States District Attor
ney Duncan E. UcKinlay filed a criminal
complaint yesterday against Thomas
Davis, formerly a waiter on board the
steamship Alliance, charging him with
having feloniously assaulted Mrs. A. II.
Ames, a passenger, while on the high seas
on a voyage from this city to Oregon.
Mrs. Ames took passage on the Alliance
at this port on Ocfbbcr 15 of this year,
having in her stateroom with her a
daughter 4 months old, a son of 3 years and
a -eon of 4 years of age. When she
reached her home in Marshlleld. Or., she
told her husband that she had been
<3rug-gf d and assaulted by one of the wait
ers on the second day of the voyage.
Davis left the vessel at Eureka and his
present whereabouts are unknown. At
the request of United States District At
torney Wcodworth. Chief Wilkie of the
United States eccrct service has placed
the case in the hands of United States
Secret Service Agent George W. Hazen of
this city.
STEAMSHIP WAITER
ACCUSED OF FELONY
A large reception was held yesterday
afternoon and evening at the People's
Place, 712 Greenwich street, a non-seita
rlan institution for church and settle
ment work. Rev. Henry A. Fisk Is most
prominently identified with the work and
two new workers. Christopher Ruess nnd
Miss Gertrude Burkhardt, were chief
guests on this occasion. There was on
exhibition the work done by boys and
girls in the several departments, which
proved of special interest to the several
hundred callers during the day and even
ing. ;\-
•• -• •?•"*•
• Cards have been Issued by Mr. and Mrs.
F. J. Sullivan for a reception on Thurs
day, November 19, in honor of their
daughter, Miss Alys Sullivan, who will
nr.&ke her formal debut on this occasion.
Miss Helen Chesebrough will make her
debut at. a tea to be given by her mother
and father, Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Chese
brough, on Saturday, November 21, at
their home, 3508 Clay street. Miss Vir
ginia-Newel Drown will also be presented
at the same time.
• ¦ ; • ' ¦ •
The Welch-DeLaveaga wedding, which
will take place this morning at St. Mary's^
Cathedral, will be one of the most elab
orate affairs San Francisco has seen for
many a day. Archbishop Rlordan will of
ficiate, assisted by the Rev. Father Lally.
High mass will follow the marriage cere
mony. The large reception and breakfast
will be given at the home of the bride's
father, M. A. de Laveaga, on Geary
street.
The ball to be given by Mrs. Abbie Par
rott this evening in honor of the Misses de
Guigne is anticipated with great interest,
as It will be the first private dance of
the season and the first affair given by
this hostess for some time. One hundred
and fifty Invitations have been Issued.
• . * * ...
The hop given at the Presidio Club last
evening, with the officers of the Artillery
Corps as hosts, proved a delightful affair.
A large number of invited guests, includ
ing the officers and families of the neigh
boring posts,- were in attendance. Lieu
tenant Hanna, Lieutenant Sypher and
Lieutenant Long of the Artillery Corps
were In charge of the arrangements.
They were assisted by the ladies of the
garrison in entertaining the guests and
cordial hospitality • was dispensed. In
formal dancing continued throughout the
evening, during which light refreshments
were served. The excellent music of the
artillery band was appreciated by • the
guests, who expressed themselves as hav
ing had a most enjoyable time.
Dr. and Mrs. John Rodgers Clark. Dr. ana
Mrs. KdwarJ .Spauldlng. Mr. and Mrs.^William
LinOsley S| ':ncer, Mr. and Mrs. Louis C.Mae
ten, MIes Mays Colburn. Miss Elizabeth Cole,
Mies Katharine Dillon. Miss Patricia Cosgrove,
Miss Ardclla Mills. Miss Gertrude Van Wyck,
Mr. and Mr». Harry Bates, Miss Mallta Pease,
MIks Leontinf* Blakeman. Miss Frances Harris,
MIsh Jessie Fillmor«, Miss Katherlne Herrln,
Mies J'.nnie Blair. Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Por
tpr Dlshop. MIbs Pearl Landers. Mr. and Mrs.
Ja;ncs rsichop. Miss Bessie Wilson, Mr. Van
Fleet Edward M. Greenway, Ralph Hart, Lloyd
Robblnfi Harry Hoibrook. Captain Frederick
Johnston, Ihlllp Pafschel. Emerson Warfleld,
Tr>m Van Nes«, Barbour Lathrop, Major Ste
phenson George Lewis. Dr, Artiold Genthe, Dr.
Hewlitt'and Harry Dutton.
The Bohemian Club redroom was the
scene of a very pretty dinner last even-
Ing, given by Mr. and Mrs. Henry F.
Dutton in honor of their debutante
cousin. Miss Gertrude Dutton. The
guests, fifty in number, were seated at
live tables. Twenty of them were placed
at one large round table with the host
and hostess. Red predominated in tho
color scheme, the tables being decorated
with an artistic profusion of meteor roses,
Interspersed with asparagus fern. Tha
walla were hung with foliage and the or
chestra was hidden by a cluster of palms.
The name cards were artistic affairs of
Japanese design, which rhe hostess se
lected In the Orient. Good music and an
excellent menu added to the pleasure of
the evening and the guests were charm
ingly entertained. The invited guests
were: I
Ada Edgerton was appointed guardian
of # the estate of Jack Clunie, the adopted
son of the late Thomas J. Clunle, In De
partment 9 of the Superior Court yester
day. Her bonds were fixed at $5000. She
Is guardian of his person under, a provi
sion of Clunle's will, lie, haying given the
Miss Edgerton Is His Guardian.
"Drummer Evangelist" Lecture.
Rev. W. H. Williams, the drummer
evangelist, will speak to-night at the
Young Men's Christian Association. An
interesting programme has been arranged.
All young men are specially invited to
attend.
Chamber of Commerce Meets.
At the monthly meeting of the Cham
ber of Commerce held yesterday resolu
tions were adopted favoring a Government
appropriation for the Lewis and Clark
fair to be held 'in Portland. Or., in 1905.
W. M. Bunker, the chamber's represen
tative at Washington, D. C, will be In
structed to do what he can to this end.
II. D. Loveland was unanimously elected
a member of the organization.
Cadets Will Give Dance.
Company C, First Regiment,:- League of
the Cross Cadets, will give its annual ert
tertainment and dance in "Native Sons'
Half on Thursday evening. November 13.
The committee in charge of the entertain
ment has .arranged a pood programme,
and a pleasant evening is anticipated.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 10. — Tha General I^tnl
Office has withdrawn from settlement S92O
acres In the Salt LaJc« City (Utah) district for
use In the proposed extension rf the Fish Lake
forest reserve.
DINNER GIVEN
IN HONOR OF
A DEBUTANTE
Between Barstow and Albuquerque the
Santa Fe has, in the past, experienced
to' haul freight trains over the
steep grades of the company's line be
tween Barstow and Albuquerque had ar
rived at the western terminal of the
road in Southern California and will be
put in service to-morrow or the day fol
lowing.
The new locomotive, a product of the
Baldwin Locomotive Works, is the larg
est in the world and its performance is
looked forward to with keen Interest by
the officials of the operating and motive
departments of all tho Western roads,
for it Is an innovation that Is expected
to result in much saving in expense of
wear and tear and wages and In the mat
ter of time.
WORD was received by the local
Santa Fe officials yesterday
that the first of the forty-five
giant locomotives to be used
boy Into her care In New York several
years ago. Young Clunle is about 8 years
of age.
The greatness of the latest type of lo
comotive can be easily imagined when it
is stated that Its length is seventy-seven
feet— longer that a Pullman car— and
that It weighs 2S7.240 pounds, or a trifle
more than 143% tons. Of this immense
weight 234,520 pounds rest upon the driv
ers, which have a diameter of fifty-seven
Inches. The dimensions of the other im
portant parts of the locomotives are as
follows: Cylinders, 39 and 32x32 Inches;
total wheel base, 35 feet 11 inches; driv
ing wheel base, 19 feet 9 inchee; bolter
diameter 78^ Inches (water tube); boiler
pressure, 225 pounds per square inch;
number of tubes, 291: diameter of tubes,
2*4 Inches; length of tubes, 20 feet; firebox
length, 108 inches: firebox width, 78
Inches; heating surface, firebox, 210
square feet; heating surface, tubes, 45SS
square feet; heating surface, total, 4796
square feet; grate area, 53.5 square feet;
tank capacity, 8500 gallons.
service on the Santa Fe line* farther
east.
great difficulty In operating'heavy freight
trains, for that portion of tho company's
territory Is mountainous and necessitates
double-headers on all big trains, partic
ularly during the California fruit season,
when the Santa Fe traffic is exceedingly
heavy. The new engines, of which the
one now In tho south is the first to ar
rive, are expected to pick up these big
trains and haul them east as rapidly as
two engines of a smaller type. .
The balance of the locomotives con
tracted for are expected to be delivered
by their makers to the company In Cal
ifornia by January 1. As soon as they are
all in service it Is the Intention of the
Santa Fe Company to remove the smaller
locomotives now in use on that'particu
lar branch of the road to its- systems in
Missouri.' Kansas and Texas, where the
country Is level. Besides tfiese forty-five
big locomotives the company purposes to
reinforce Its motive power west of Albu
querque with sixteen large locomotives
commonly known as "moguls" now in
the proceeds to go toward the fund of the
association. The cause Is a worthy one
and tho public should respond heartily.
The plays will be worth the money
charged and will equal any ever given in
the theater.
MONSTER FREIGHT HAULER, THE FIRST OF. FORTT-FIVE IRON GIANTS THAT WILL DO SERVICE PULLING
TRAINS OVER THE HEAVY GRADES OF THE SANTA FE SYSTEM BETWEEN ALBUQUERQUE, N. M.. AND
BARSTOW, CAL. <' . ' ;
The music, the marvelous scenic effects,
the chariot race, tha "star of Bethlehem"
and all the other wonderful effects seem
to gain new admiration at every per
formance, and although the spectacular
features are the most wonderful that
have ever been placed on the stage, the
fact remains that a very large share of
the enormous success of "Ben Hur" ia
due to the deeply Impressive interest of
this story, told and acted with such dra
matic power and sincerity.
The sale of seats for the last seventeen
performances of "Ben Hur," including a
special matinee Thanksgiving day. will
begin Thursday morning, Novermer 12.
General Lew Wallace's sublime story
has a most faithful and ennobling treat
ment in the transferrence of its charac
ters and incidents to the stage and the
religious atmosphere, which has been so
carefully and reverently handled, has
done more to bring clergy and church
people to the theater than any other in
fluence for good the stage has ev«»r ex
erted.
"Ben Hur" has caught on in San FTan
clseo. The demand for seats continues
and every performance sees a big audi
ence at the Grand Opera-house. The pro
duction is one of the finest that has ever
come to this coast. Klaw & Erlanger
are noted for the splendor and excellence
of their productions and the present
drama adds to their reputation as man-
"BEN HUB" IS CROWDING
THE GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Dramatization of General Wallace's
Great Novel Scores a Great
Hit.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 10.— When.
George H. Chivls of Detroit, Mich., the
colored editor of the Railway Portersi
Magazine, entered the dining car on a
train bound from San Francisco to Port
land yesterday the conductor told him
that "be could not be gsrved until later.
Chivis saw several vacant seats and pro
tested, claiming that h© was paying the
same price as anybody else. He pushed
past the conductor and sat down, ac
companied by his wife and E. C. Hughes,
a colored man of San Francisco.
Several ladles left the car and tho
members of the Multnomah football team,
who were returning from California,
crowded behind the conductor as he re
monstrated with Chivla. Hughes went
out and returned with a revolver. The
incident was closed peaceably.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
Former United States Senator Penrose
is Bupposed to have an interest In this
road, whose plans were fully exploited
several months ago, when its. promoters
went north to look over the ground.
The proposed route of. the new road is
from Grants Pass, Or., in a southwesterly
direction via Wllderville, Selma and Kirby
to Crescent City, Del Norte County, Cali
fornia, with a branch line running north
erly via Smith River to Chetco, Or., and
also from a point on Smith River near
Crescent City southerly via Requa, Del
Norte County, to a point in Humboiat
County. The entire length of the line is
estimated to be 191 miles.
The other company which filed a certifi
cate of • incorporation yesterday Is the
California and Oregon Coast Railroad.
It was recently Incorporated under the
laws of Nevada with a capital of $1,000,000,
of which $200,000 is subscribed by J. O'B.
Gunn, John Barth, T. W. M. Draper, H.
H. Ludlow, Bond V. Thomas and M. S.
Wilson, $100 each, and the Oregon and Pa
cific Railroad Construction Company $139,
400.
ANOTHER NEW COMPANY.
When an answer was denied the South
ern Pacific Company It promptly an
nounced that it would Immediately paral
lel the new line and made a bluff to do
so, with the result that it finally entered
Into a traffic alliance with the Sierra Rail
way, and to-day holds this traffic con
tract over the head of the little road to
prevent it from doing business with the
Santa Fe or other roads that may invado
that territory.
Another line eastward by way of Beck
with Pass would add to the revenue of
the Harriman syndicate, and possibly In
•time, after Harriman has carried out his
present plans for a road up the coast by
way of the California Northwestern to
Eureka, Crescent City, Coos Bay and
Portland, the new line to the East might
be connected with the existing Oregon
line of the Southern Pacific and In this
manner afford a shorter and quicker haul
for freight destined for the East from
the north and from Eastern points to the
territory in which Hill and Harriman are
r.ow striving to hold their own. Hellman,
Klrkpatrick and Israel have figured In the
directorates of several companies con
trolled by Harriman, and this fact lends
strength to the prevailing suspicion that
the road incorporated yesterday is a Jlar
riman project.
AN EYE ON" BECKWITH .PASS.
The Diamond Match Company has been
laying unusually heavy rails and ordering
rolling stock of a character that has plain
ly suggested to the practical railroad
managers that the enterprise of the com
pany is- of a greater magnitude than a
scheme to reach its timber holdings in
that section of the State and carry Its
product to market by way of the South
ern Pacific Company's lines. For several
months agents of the Southern Pacific
Company have been In the field doing de
tective work with a view of confirming
the fears of Harriman that the Diamond
Match Company is trying to assist the
Gould lines to steal a march and get into
California.
It is no uncommon method of the South
ern Pacific Company to survey lines to
parallel those of suspected competitors,
one recent instance being In the case of
the Sierra Railway. When that concern
started to build out of Oakdale and mys
teriously concealed its purposed destina
tion the Southern Pacific Company sent
its representatives to the promoters of
the smaller road and demanded to know
to what points the line was to be built
and whether it was Intended eventually
to extend the road across the eastern bor
ders of the State.
BIG BLUFF WORKED.
With the usual discreetness, the lncor
porators of the new road fail to explain
why they intend to practically parallel
the Diamond Match Company's road, but
public opinion in that section of the State
is already firmly settled on tho supposi
tion that President Harriman of the
Southern Pacific Company, fearing, as
many outsiders hope, that the Diamond
Match Company's small line is In reality
a nucleus for another transcontinental
road, designed by Gould, who owns a
large share of the stock of the match
syndicate, purposes to build out of Cali
fornia by the same route.
For months it has been known that the
Diamond Match Company was surveying
eastwardly beyond its matchwood tract,
apparently with a future plan of crossing
the Meadows and by way of BeckwITh
Pass, the route selected by the Western
Pacific, secure an exit .from California
and eventually connect with the Gould
lines in Denver. C. P. Huntingdon once
contemplated leaving California with the
Central Pacific by this more northern
route and in after years, when he had
realized that he and his associates had
made a great mistake, he often admitted
the fact and spoke of possible construc
tion work In that direction in the time
to come.
The Chico and Northern Railroad Com
pany Is one of the newly, incorporated
companies and Is capitalized at $1,000,000,
of which $32,000 Is subseribfd by the direc
tors, who are I. W. Hellman, J. M. Is
rael, H. M. Hoibrook and John C. Kirk
pfitrick of this city; and C. A. Harp of
Stockton. Banker ¦ Hellman, who is
named as treasurer of the new company,
holds $30,000 of the stock subscribed and
the balance is distributed among the oth
ers to the extent of $500 each. The com
pany announces its purposes to build a
read of thirty-two miles from a point one
mile south of Chico, in a general north
erly and easterly direction to the new
town of Sterling, which was established
and is now the northern terminus of the
road being constructed by the Diamond
Match Company.
HABBIMAN FEARS GOULD.
Two new railroad enterprises, both des
tined to contribute to the development
of Northern California, gave formal no
tice of their existence yesterday when
certificates of incorporation were filed
with the County Clerk. The directorates
of both companies are composed mainly
of local men of prominence, a fact that
strongly suggests that the Southern Pa
cific Company Is anticipating a move on
the part of a possible" transcontinental
competitor to gain a firm foothold In tne
northern territory on which the Harriman
railroad has long held a strong grip.
None of the escapes has been recap
tured, although officers In every part of
tho country are on the lookout for them,
It is known that Williams was at Val
lejo recently, but he fled before the au
thorities could lay hands on him.
The investigating officer does not see
how there could have been any connec
tion between the escape of Williams and
the subsequent release of the other four
felons. He thinks it might have been pos
sible that White and Moore heard how
their former friend won his way to free
dom and. were thus Inspired to make a
similar attempt. The orders on which
White, Moore, Stokes and Darling were
released are not at all like the one used
by Williams, nor was the same method
followed in placing the documents in the
regular military channels.
Colonel Andrews received an order from
the War Department yesterday directing
that all orders of release must bear the
signatures of the Secretary of War and
of the acting Secretary of War. besides
those of local officers. The War Depart
ment seal must also be affixed to all such
documents. It Is thought that this will
prevent similar occurrences In the future.
Ralph Williams went free on a forged
order of release early In September. The
other four prisoners effected their escape
simultaneously a month later by the same
means. It was thought at first that the
felons were aided by conspirators on the
outside of the prison walls, but Major
Morrow ia Inclined to think from the evi
dence presented during the recent inves
tigation that the whole work was done at
Alcatraz. Moore and White had access
to the adjutant general's office and to the
printing plant on the island.
Major Morrow went into the printing
office and made an exact copy of the
fraudulent pardons. He thinks that the
only aid which might have been given
the prisoners must have come from Mes
senger Foster, who tarried mall between
Alcatraz and headquarters, and who de
serted as soon as the facts In the case
were made known.
Major Harry Morrow, Judge advocate
of the Department of California, sent a
report to General MacArthur" yesterday
explaining how military prisoners "Wil
liams. White, Moore, Stokes and Darling
escaped from Alcatraz by means of forged
orders. No recommendations are made
in the report as to methods of preventing
further escapes in a similar manner, but
the department commander will probably
attend to this feature of the case him
self.
In charging tho Jury Judge de Haven
laid down the law of the case as 'follows:
lie said that if a person makes applica
tion to enter public lands with the inten
tion at the time of the application to ac
quire the land for his own benefit and not
for the benefit of somebody else on specu
lation he can borrow the money to, pay
for the land and his expenses in acquir
ing the property without violating the
law. Then if he should find it to be more
profitable to sell it than to retain it he
may sell it. But if, at the time of making
the application, he intends to sell it as
roon as he gfts a chance, and makes the
eppllcatlon because he has an agreement
with somebody to sell and merely com
piles with the formal requirements of the
law for that purpose, he is simply a
dummy aud commits perjury in taking the
oath and the person who has made the
suggestion to him to make the false oath
Is guilty of subornation of perjury.
LAYS DOWN THE LAtV.
One of the defendants, Arthur W. Ked
die, a gray-haired man. almost collapsed
when the verdict was announced and was
l>i*"vented from pinkir.g to the floor by his
daughter. Miss Helen Keddie. who caugnv
him in her arms and whis;>ered words of
encouragement into his ear.
The counsel for the defense were great
ly surprised at the verdict, because the
four witnesses called for the prosecution
had sworn Chat they had .stated the truth
in their applications for the land and had
not committed perjury, nor had they been
incited thereto by tho accused. The jury,
however, chose to disbelieve that part of
their testimony because of the other cir
cumstances attendant upon their filing on
the land.
The defendants are m<*n well-to-do and
owners of the Roberts Lumber Company,
the Boca and Loyaltcn Railroad and saw
mills at Loyalton. in the heart of a rich
sugar pine district. Tho theory of the
prosecution was that the defendants, de
jlrir.g to get lumber to keep their mills
In operation, induced the nine persons
named in the Indictment to file upon as
many quarter sections of timber land In
consideration of the payment of their ex
penses and 5100 for each quarter section,
over and above the $400 paid to the Gov
ernment for it, and that the applicants
J-.ad an agreement beforehand to sell to
none but the defendants and at the con
sideration mentioned, the defendants ad
vancing the money for the purchase and
the expenses.
ALIaOST COLLAPSES
The defendants had been indicted for
Hibernation of perjury on eighteen counts
wccuslr.g them of .having suborned
William 8. Mead, Hiram Reed. Stephen
II. Whittlcsey, George IX. Stlmers. Creed
T. Hill, James W. Larison, Mrs. Carolynn
E. Battelle. Walter L. Rees and Miss
Helen Keddie to make false oath in. filing
applications for timber lands in Plumas
rnd Sierra counties. Judge de Haven or
riered the defendants to appear to-mor
row morning: at 10 o'clock for sentence.
The maximum penalty is imprisonment In
the penitentiary for the term of five years
and the imposition of a fine not exceeding
$1000.
Bert Schlesinger. leading counsel for the
crfonse, announced that he would appeal
the case. Five of the witnesses alleged
to have been suborned could not be
found by the United States Marshal, but
the jury declared by the verdict that the
conditions with respect to the missing
witnesses were similar to those surround
ing the witnesses who testified.
After tV.ree hours and a half of delibera
tion. ¦ ; i% rtlon of which time was occupied
la inncbinfc the jury In the timber land
fraud rases returned to the United States
District Court room yesterday at. 2:35 p.
m . with a verdict of "guilty as charged"
tgair.st James M. Engle.. William S. Lew.
jn, Richard H. Lewis and Arthur W. Ked-
Southern Pacific Makes Move
to Shut Out Compe
tition.
Oregon Football Players Pre
pare to Aid the Con
ductor.
To Ee Sentenced on Eighteen
Counts of Subornation
. of Perjury.
War Department Issues New
General Order on
Subject.
Owners of Boca andLoy
alton Railroad Pound
Guilty.
Incorporation of New
Railroad Companies
Significant.
Complaint of Negro Edi
torNearly Starts a
Shooting.
Maj or Morrow Tells How
Army Prisoners
Escaped.
SENDS REPORT
TO MACARTHUR
PROTEST CAUSES
STIR ON TRAIN
STAND CONVICTED
OF LAND FRAUDS
HARRIMAN FEARS
GOULD'S SCHEME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 11; 1903.
Largest Locomotive in the World Comes West for Service in
Heavy Traffic Over Steep' Grades Along the Mountainous Sec
tions of Santa Fe System West of the Town of Albuquerque
BENEATH ITS GIANT WHEELS
HILLS OF SOUTH WILL QUAKE
9
POSTUM CEBEAX^
DRIED UP
Coffee Was Drying Up Her Blood.
"Coffee had the peculiar effect on me of
thickening the blood and lessening it in
quantity, in other words, drying it up,"
pays a young lady of Sheldon, Neb., "and
fo long es I used the drug coffee I had
terrific headaches frequently accompanied
by sour Btomach and a very bad breath.
"Mr condition was serious and I kpew
fomething had to b« done, to I decided to
quit coffee and drink Postum. ;, *~\\l
"A few days after I quit drinking cof-
fee and shifted to Postum I felt much
better and continued to improve on the
Postura until I am now entirely free from
headaches and Btomach trouble and
rteaclH- gaining In flesh and health and
feel heppy and full of rich, pure blood.
"My parents were ailing as long as they
were coffee drinkers. They were certain-
ly great coffee fiends and claimed that
they could not get coffee Btrong
enough for them and my father in par-
ticular was a clave to coffee, drinking
many cups cf it dally, although he had
terrific headaches about once a week,
while ray mother complained of her liver
and took different liver remedies, but all !
to no avail.
"Then I persuaded them, to quit coffee
and drink Postum Food Coffee and the
result was all that I had hoped for and
both are now hearty eaters and are
strong and well. I know of many other
rases where leaving off coffee and drink-
Ing Postum has resulted in wonderful
changes In health." Name given by Pos-
tum Co.. Battle Creek, Mich.
Look in each package for a copy of the
famous little book, "The Road to Well-
'_'__._ .'• ' '_ _ ,¦ ADVEBTISEMENTS. "'; " _ •'/ _\''~_'__^~
K^^3 ¦ ' • ¦ I \ £*'**"»i
Eu3TjMM ¦-,•'¦- - ¦ ¦ * . a • mJ%/ I 1 I I III W" m - MMSdPV
BaW -¦ ¦ I TVlwll L11V feVfea
Bg^i B&Q&SB Era • I¦: The fishing schooner Czarina arrived yester
day,^ thirteen days from -Sand . Point with 180,
000 codfish. She la the last of the codnshinjr
fleet, to return.'
Brings Cargo of Codfish.
The. Time Ball on tha tower \ ot the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at: noon to-day —
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich 1 time. J. C. BURNETT.
LleutenantU. S. N.,:in charge.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S,- N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
November 10. 1003.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Heights of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of
the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25 min
utes later than at Fort Point; the height of tide
is the same at both places, j
WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 11.
Sun rises ...;. 0:47
Sun sets 5:01
Moon rises (third quarter) 11:35 p. m.
b Time Tlmel Time Tims
£ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
? H W L W H W L W
11 5:0S 5.010:33 2.» 4:15 4.7 10:50 0~4
12 6:00 5.2 11:50 2.5 5:39 4.5 11:61 0.S
13 6:50 6.4 1:00 2.0 7:00 4.5...
L W II W L W H W
14 0:57 1.1 7:30 5.5 1:5S 1.4 8:12 4.0
15 1:50 1.3 8:24 '5.7 2:43 0.8 0:20. 4.7
10 I 2:37 1.7| l>:06 5.0 3:31| O.3 10:2l( 4.8
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early, morning tides are given In. the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column elves the last tide of the
day/ except when. there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the . United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The British chip Andcrlnha Is chartered for
wheat from Portland to Europ« at lCs and the
British eteamer Lytton. eame business from
I'ortland to Japan at 14s. .
The Britlfh shir. Belford (on Puget Sound)
Is chartered fcr lumber, thence to Me'bourne or
I'ort Pirle at 27« 6d; French bark Mexly. also
The Pacific Mall Company's liner Korea is
to be drydocked at Hunters Point during her
present stay in port.
•—
Water Front Notes.
Jame» Francis Fitzgerald, 77 years of a«e
and one of the oidrst and best known of the
cld-tirr.e boatmen, died on Monday of pleurlsv
The steamship Pennsylvania, which hs»
been laid up at Martinez fcr two years, was
towed dewn yesterday and docked at Hunters
Point, where the will be cleaned and painted
prirr to again poing into commission.
Th» British 5hlp Verajean. out eighty-six
tfaje from Newcastle. Australia, for TocopiKa,
srrivfd yesterday at her destination. She waa
quoted for rcinsurante at 10 per cent. The
British Fhlp Vanduara. reported overdue from
han I>;ego for I uget Round. l»ut whone destina
tion proved to be the Antipodes, arrived \fs
teruay et Newcastle. Australia.
Overdue Ship Arrives.
TO ARRIVE:
Steamer. \ ' From j Due.
Chlco Coqullle River [Nov 11
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orf ord Nov. 1 1
S. Monica Grays Harbor INov II
Edith Tacoma \sox' II
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria.. ..1 Nov. 11
Arctic Humboldt INov 11
Montara Seattle m ov ' ,0
Ean Mateo... Tacoma |k ov * 10
B.Barbara... San Pedro INov'. i5
Colon... New York via Panama. INov! 12
Hanta Roi>a... San Diego & Way Ports'Nov 12
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena. Nov 12
Czarlra Coos Bay Nov . 13
Redondo Humboldt Nov 13
Eureka Hurnboldt Nov. li
Corona Humboldt INov' ia
City Puebla.. Puret Sound Ports INov' 1:1
Chehalls -Grays Harbor |Nov 14
Coos Bay..... San Pedro & Way PortsiNov. 14
Pomma Humboldt INov. 10
Nivadan Honolulu INov" la
Columbia..... Portland * Astoria. ..'. Nov 16
North Fork . . . Humboldt Nov 10
r-Vil^' S? Dle5 °, * Way Ports N '»vi lS
Gaclc. ...... China & Japan Nov. 17
S 0 " 1^ Newport & Way Ports.|Nov. 18
Rain er . ..... :| Seattle & Whatcom . . . . (Nov. 18
LmatUla Puget-Sound Ports INov Is
9»y s >' dn «y- • £« w York via Panama. INov. is
Abydoa Hamburg & Way Ports.tNov. VA
Rival Willapa Harbor |n O v 19
Nlcarta Seattle \^;Z' «n
Alliance '. Portland & Way Ports.') Nov.* 22
¦ ¦ . JO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
November 11. j 1
S, Monica.. Lob Angeles Ports. 4 pra Pier 2
Alliance,... Eureka & Coos Bay 11 am Pier 16
Phoenix.... Mendoetno City ... 1 pm Pier 13
November 12.
Chlco Coqullle River .... 6 pm Pier 2
Centralla . . . | Grays ] Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma.' 10 am|Pler 20
Pomona.... Kumboldt 1:30 p Pier u
State of Cal. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Queen Pur^t Bound Ports 11 am Pier »
Ean Pedro.. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
."November 13.
Empire Coos .Bay direct ..12 m Pier 13
Redondo.... Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
Boclta Newport. & Way... 8 am Pier 11
Arctic Humboldt- 6 pm Pier 10
November 14.
S. Barbara. Seattle & Olympla. 4 pm Pier 2
Areata Coos B.& Pt.OrfordllO am Pier 13
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena ...J 4 pm Pier 2
Ean Juan... X. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
O.W.Elder. . Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier "4
November 15. •• •
Eureka Humbcldt Sam Pier 13
8. Rosa.... Ean Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
Coronado..: i-o* Angeles Ports.|10 am Pier lf>
Corona Humboldt 1 :30 p 1'lc r fl
November 17.
Coo« Bay.. San Pedro & Way 0 am Pier 11
City Puebla. Pugct Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 8
November 18.'
Korea China A Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
November 19. » »•*
N. Fork.... Humboldt S pm Pier 2
Sonoma Sydney &.Way Pts. 2 pm Pier- 7
Columbia... Astoria * Portland 11 am Pier 24
November 21. • |
Colon N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Nevadan... Honolulu .' 3 pm Pier 20
Rival Willapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 2
FROM SEATTLE. ' '
Steamer. - - For. . | Balls.
Humboldt Ekagway & Way Ports. | Nov. 12
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way. Ports. Nov. U
Santa Ana... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Nov. 16
FaraUon Hkagway & Way Ports. Nov. 16
Valencia Skagway &, Way Ports. Nov. 19
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 27
Al-Kl... J Skagway & Way Ports. jNov. 20
Movements of Steamers.
JEALOUSY PROMPTS WOMAN
TO SHOOT HACK DRIVER
Josie Hart, Alias Martin, Is Arrested
on a Charge of Assault to
Murder.
Frank Moss, a hack driver, was shot
by Josle Hart, alias Martin, a woman of
the half world, in Kuchmelster. & Mc-
Lane's saloon, 10 Mason street, at an
early hour yesterday morning. Two shots
were fired at him, one of tho bullets miss
ing him and the other striking him on
the left jaw. He was taken to the Cen
tral Emergency Hospital, where the
wound was dressed. He then went to
police headquarters and told Detectives
Dlnan and Wren that he would not pros
ecute the woman.
The woman was arrested about 6 o'clock
yesterday morning by Policemen Hurd
and Smith and was booked at the Oity
Prison on a charge of assault to murder.
She was instructed by Police Judge Fritz
as to her rights, and as no complaint had
been sworn to the case was continued
till to-morrow. A plnflre revolver of 22
caliber is held by the police as evidence.
Jealousy prompted the shooting. Moss
and the woman had been living together
for about seven years, but for the last
three months he has been paying his ad
dresses to Alice Dunn, a vocalist, which
was the cause of the shooting. Moss'
wound Is not serious. \
LADIES' AID SOCIETY WILL
OPEN BAZAAR THIS EVENING
Benefit, to Be Conducted in Foresters'
Hall, Will Be Inaugurated by-
Mayor.
The bazaar to be given by the Ladles'
Aid Society of the Emanuel Evangelical
Church will be open this evening at For
esters' Hall, on O'Farrell street. The ba
zaar will be open during to-morrow and
Friday evenings, and Mayor Schmltz has
promised to deliver the opening address
at S o'clock this evening.
The women of the society will have
charge of the work as follows:
President. Mrs. A. Strohmaler; secretary,
Mrs. IS. Granlcher; treasurer. Mrs. A. M.
Fischer; executive committee — Mrs. A. Btroh
maier, Mrs. A. M. Fischer. Mrs. O. F. Ochs,
Mrs. L. Schnetzler, Mrs. E. Koebelln,' Mrs.
It. Warner.
Embroidery booth — Mrs. M. Coinpton. Mrs.
L. Granlcher. Mrs. K. Krasky.
Candy booth— Mrs. A. Hewelcke. Miss B.
Ochs. Miss E. Strohmaler, Misses Emma and
Amy Fischer.
Doll booth— Mrs. O. Strlpj>el, Mrs. H. Ams
ler.
Worsted goods bcoth — Mrs. O. V. Ochs, Mrs.
O. K. Brown.
Refreshment booth — Mrs. A. Grafe, Mrs. M.
Kochler. Mrs. A. Berg, Mrs. M. Specht, Mrs.
Jenne.
Grocery bootht-Mrs. R. Hess. Mr§. K. Senk.
Mrs. Bahr. Mrs. E. Spiegel, Mrs. E. Behre.
Soda water booth — Mrs. S. Lenz, Mrs. E.
Eddelbuttel.
Fish pond — Mrs. E. Otto, Mrs. L. Kuebler.
ATTEMPTS TO ESCAPE
FBOM COURT BAILIFF
William H. Davis, Charged With
Felony, Causes Excitement in
Hall of Justice.
William H. Davis, who Is awaiting his
preliminary examination before Police
Judge Cabaniss on a felony charge, cre
ated some excitement yesterday morning
by attempting to make his escape from
Bailiff Donohoe.
Donohoe and Clerk Fenton were busy
writing up the records after court had
adjourned when they were startled by
hearing the sound of the Judge's chair
swinging round. They turned around and
saw Davia, who had silently climbed out
of the dock, sneaking along past the
bencli.
Donohoe Jumped up and grabbed hold
of Davis, who said he wanted to go to
the lavatory. Donohoe replied that If
he had asked him he would have opened
the gate of the dock and taken him out.
Donohoe started with Davis to the lav
atory, but when within a few yards of
the " door Davis made a break and got
among th© crowd in the corridor. Dono
hoe shouted and Officer McCurrie of the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals grabbed hold of Davis, who was
led back to the dock and the handcuffs
placed over his wrists.
Aurelia Abandons the Nelson.
The steam lumbpr schooner Aurella,
bound from Portland to Monterey; which
had been towing the waterlogged steam
schooner Charles Nelson, was forced to
abandon the derelict on Sunday afternoon.
As soon as the Aurella let go the tow an
unknown vessel hove in sight and it is be
lieved by the captain of the Aurelia that
the disabled Nelson was taken in tow by
the unknown ship.
The lumber schooner Lakme. bound for
Monterey from Eureka, was due at Mon
terey last night, so it is supposed that il
was she the Aurella sighted after aban
doning the Nelson. The Spreckels tug
Defiance was dispatched last night to
search for the Nelson and tow her into
port.
FOUND ADRIFT ON BAY
UNABLE TO ROW BOAT
PERSONAL MENTION.
J. D^Bradley, a cattleman of Merced,
is afthe Lick.
W. C. Chapin, a merchant of Sacramen
to, is at the Palace.
G. McM. Ross, a well-known Comstock
miner, is at the Occidental.
J. T. Crow, a merchant of Corws Land
ing, and wife are at the Lick.
George D. Kellogg, a fruit grower of
Newcastle, is registered at the Lick.
State. Senator J. C. Tyrrell is down from
Grass Valley *nd is at the Occidental.
S. W. Wlble of Bakersfield/ who' has
just returned from Alaska, is at the Lick.
J. Warren Dickson, promoter of a rail
road In Alaska, arrived from the north
yesterday and Is registered at the Occi
dental.
William Sproule, freight traffic manager
of the Southern Pacific Company, who
has been attending a conference of the
Transcontinental Freight Bureau in Chi
cago, returned yesterday. •
cue Man Who Was Stricken in
'. h^ His Skiff.
James Lawler and Charles Long Res-
James F. Lawler and Charles Long of
41 Turk street, while out duck hunting on
San Pablo Bay last Sunday morning
picked up a man In a semi-conscious state
adrift in a boat. When found, they say,
he was seven miles off shore and appeared
to have had an epileptic fit, as he had lost
the power to row.
The two rescuers were in a gasolino
launch and noticed the skiff floating, ap
parently alone, in the bay several miles
off Sears Point "When they reached the
man he could but mutter incoherently.
They gave him some whisky and when he
had recovered somewhat he said that his
name was Shifield and that he had an ark
oft the point with a man named Foster
He had gone out duck hunting and was
suddenly stricken, he knew not how He
was profuse in his thanks to the men.
who, he said, had saved his life.
Calif ornians in New York.
NEW YORK, Nov. 10.— The following
Calif ornians are in New York: From
San Francisco— W. A. Doyle, at the Im
perial; G. M. Kyle, at the Grand Union:
Mrs. A. W. Moore, at the Holland: M.
Sanders, at the Grand Union: D. D. Suth
pen, at the Imperial; J. T. Byrne, at the
St. Denis; "VV. J. Gordam and J. N. Miller
Jr., at the Astor; W. F. Pierce, at the
Imperial; H. S. Farrell, at the Vendome;
C. 1/. Flrebaugh, at the Murray Hill, and
F. E. Ware, at the Grand.
From Los Angeles— A. M. Rowell and
F. K. Splcer, at the Grand Union.
Tende* Vote of Thanks.
The union employes of the United Rail
roads at a meeting yesterday passed a
vote of thanks to Judge Murasky, -E. J.
Llvernash and W. D. Mahon for services
rendered in the discussion and settlement
of the case recently submitted to arbitra
tion.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
. NEW YORK — Sailed Nov 10— Stmr Fried
erlch der Groase, for Bremen; 6tmr Cevlc, for
Liverpool.
Arrived Nov 10— Stmr Armenian, from Liv
erpool. _,
Arrived Nov 10— Stmr^Sardenan. from Genoa.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Nov 10— Stmr Hun
garian, from Montreal; stmr LIvonlan. from
Portland, Me.
Sailed Nov 10— Stmr Caroathla. for New
York, via Queenstown; stmr Lake Champlaln,
for Halifax and St John, N B; Btmr Saxonla,
for Bcnton, via Queenstown.
NAPLES— Arrived Nov 10— Stmr Neapolitan
Prince, from New Tork.
ANTWERP— Arrived Nov 10— Stmr Zeeland,
from New . York.
BREMEN— Arrived Nov 10— Stmr Kronprinz
Wilhelm, from New York.
ST MICHAELS— Arrived Nov 10— Stmr Van
couver, from Genoa and Naples, for Boston.
Adolph Lewin, a salesman, was booked
at the City Prison yesterday by Detectives
Granam and Fitzgerald on a charge of
manslaughter. He was driving a wagon
along the Mission road on election day
and when near Silver avenue collided with
John Tisconnio, a boy, who was riding
a bicycle. The boy was taken to St.
Luke's Hospital and died on Sunday
morning from his injuries.
Charged With Manslaughter.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Tired of Hearing Same Tune.
The case of F. J. McCarthy, charged
-with maintaining a nuisance in his graph
ophone parlors on' Kearny street, near
Pine, in the chape of an electric piano,
was beard before Police Judge Conlan
yesterday. Sixteen witnesses, including
Jewelers and other business men. testi
fied that the piano persisted in playing
Jivlr. Dooley" till their customers had
been driven away and occupants of rooms
in lodging-houses had sought other quar
ters. The defense asked for a continu
ance till Friday and promised to produce
thirty witnesses who would testify that
the 'piano was not a nuisance. The con
tinuance was granted. -¦%• .-¦*'
Sells Lizards for Ornaments.
J. V.^ Harris, who says he came from
Chicago on Monday, was arrested yester
day at Montgomery and Sutter streets
by Policeman Peshon on complaint of Sec
retary Holbrook of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals and was
booked at the City Prison- Harris had
eighteen mud lizards, which he was offer
ing for sale to ladies as ornaments to
wear on the front of their coats. The
charge against Harris is cruelty to ani
mals. During the Midwinter Fair two
men were arrested for the same offense
and were heavily fined.
Grassell's Affections Divided.
George Grassell. a sign painter liv?ng
at 645G Natoma street, was arrested yes
terday on a complaint sworn to by his
wife before Police Judge Mogan charg
ing him with threats to kill. She Is only
16 years of age, and says she was mar
ried to Grassell on April 30 last. He had
been divorced from a former wife about
a year previous. Two months ago Gras
sell's former wife came to liv& at the
house, and when the girl wife objected
to her stopping there her husband, she
says, threatened to kill her if she com
plained to her mother.
O. G. Freeman, who left here as purser of
tl:e Japanese liner Hongkong Maru. has sev
er, -i Us connection with the Toyo Kiscn Kaitha
to tal.e charge at Manila of the shipping busl
nt-fs of ¦¦;..-•.•¦ Hros5. A: Wolff. Freeman has
been i^ith ths Japanese line since the inaug
uration of its trans-Pacific service and no
[¦urfcer eaJIins out of this port established
firmer or pleasanter relations, both with his
employers end the traveling public. Freeman
possessed the valuable gift of looking strictly
after his employer's affairs without making
enemies for nis company or interfering with
the good will with which all men regarded
him. Trie we!i wishes of a numerous host win
po with hijn -.o his new field of larger oppor
tunity and increased reF;>onsibi!ity. Freeman
is the eon of O. K. Freeman, the commodore
poner of the Pacific Mail line. E. J. Roberts
has Fueeeeded Freeman us purser of the Hong
kong Maru.
•
Leaves Japanese Service.
With tons of freight and a fu'.l list of
ia.--ser.gcn!. the Japanese liner America Maru
tailed yesterday for the Orient Among the
l>assengcrs were a number of missionaries. The
l:m r's cargo Included 1500 tons of flour, 220
tuns of lead arid BOS bales of cotton.
Among the liner's passengers was K To
zawa. mp-nager of the local branch of the Yo
kohama t|>rcie Bank. With his wife and five
<!iildr.n he u going to Japan ;o srtnd a
tliioe months' vacation.
The pas-tfngcrs included the following r.am*d:
For Yokohama— W. E. Brady Dr S. Ima
mura. Y. Kanno. S. Mac hi da, K" Munenuye S
N^atini. J. \V. i-rice. s. Tejima. K. Tozawa,
air*. K. Tozawa and five children.
Kobe — Charies Estate
Shanghai— Rev. W. ;.i. Crawford and R. A.
Frost.
Hongkong— C. Berberich. Mrs E M Brown
ing. II. C. Bryant. B. W. Cadwallader Miss
J\ Clark. Hugh Cook Mrs Hugh Cook Or
i:. U. CopeJand. Mrs. A. A. Corey Mifs A.
Carer. J. X. Cum<=, Mrs. J. X. Currte J. D
Uawsos. Mrs. E. K. Dlnwiddie. Miss D Dtn
»jti'Ji«>. Mrs. Otorge Eckley C. E Edlin A
I. Krancls. D. W. Fry. Earl Gold W. Y.
Handy. Miss A. L. Handy. T. B. Jackson T
L. Jenkins. P. B. Jones J. n. McKey Mrs
J. ,11. McKey. R. H. McMuIlen. J. W. llillcr.
J. N. Noon. Dr. C. H. Oakwood Mrs. C II
Oakvood. Miss E. A. O'ilara. Professor Rob
ert rtele. H. E. Pieper. C. A. Ratcllff 8 C
Hidgaway. Or. E. H. Huediger A. M t-'an
« hcz. K J. .Schlotfeldt. Mrs. F. J Sehiotfeldt
B. L Seymour. Thomas fc'haftVr. R. \V. South
ern. Mrs. R. \V. Southern. Miss M Southern
H. IL Wade. O. A. Webster. W. F Wonyon,
Mrs. W. F. W«-nyon. Caiuain R. P. Wheat
llrs. It. P. Wheat and Moss Wheat
America Maru Departs.
To Korea— 2810 lbs meals, 200 lbs coffee, 17
pkgs groceries and provisions, 6S0 lbs dried
fruit, 3 cs bread, 600 lbs «ugar,> O) cs canned
goods, 3 crts onions. 3 pkgs paints, '£1 cs gas
and e-lectricaJ fixture?.
To Siam— 17C0 lbs meals, 35 cs canned good*.
2 cs butter. 3 cs eoap. 1 cs dry goods.
To East Indies — 50 cs canned salmon. 246 cs
assorted canned goods, 278 lbs ham and bacon.
21 pkgs groceries and provisions, 1 pkg sewing
machine.
The Japanese steamer America Maru sailed
yesterday for Hongkong via Honolulu and
Yokohama with an assorted merchandise cargo
valued at $207,070. exclusive of treasure and
distributed as follows: For Japan. $86,030;
China. $198,917: Philippine Islands. $7941; East
Indies. $1144; Korea. $2626; Slam, $112. The
leading exports were as follow*:
To Japan— 012 bbls flour, 553 gals wine, 190
lbs codtlsh. 3S76 lbs lard, 1972 lbs cheese. 212
cs canned goods. 93S3 lbs ham and bacon, 4972
lbs 3 cs dried fruit. 212 pkgs groceries and pro
visions. 2«15 lbs butter. 12.446 Its 10 c* meals.
14«J0 lbs 3 cs bread. 4 cs whisky. 20 bbls 10 cs
talmon. €22 lbs beans, 212 lbs 2 cs chocolate,
1590 lbs 2 cs raisins, 200 cs table preparations.
6055 lbs sugar. 5436 lbs 2 cs candy, 341U lbs
nuts, .".s pkgs groceries and provisions, 1505 lbs
hops. 12 cs mineral water. 6 bales hay, 3 ctls
barley, 3 ctls corn, 4 cs honey, 630 lbs coffee.
500 lbs z>etie, SO0 bales cotton, 9 pkgs paints,
44.010 lbs Iear tobacco, ISO bdls 11 cs leather,
2S cs boots and shoes, 17 pkgs machinery. 9 cs
arnu< and ammunition, 15 pkgs rubber goods, 112
bxs soap, 47.153 lbs sheet lead, 04 pkgs bt
cydes and sundries, 12 cs blasting caps, 430S
pigs lead, 5 cs dry goode.
To China — 12,237 bbls flour, C14 gals 3 cs
wine, 5797 lbs cheese. C960 lbs coffee, S695 lbs
11 cs meals. 23.O11 lbs 1 cs dried fruit. 2935 lbs
1 cs bread, 1001 cs canned goods. 818 pkgs gro
ceries, and provisions. 275S lbs sugar, 1068 lbs
butter, 61.253 lbs dried flsh. 1682 lbs 4 ce
chocolate, 14,957 lbs ginseng, 16,100 lbs 5 cs
ham and bacon. 2C20 lbs lard, 1486 lbs raisins,
•-'•;. 102 lbs beans, 1S9 cs table preparations, 2 cs
hahr.cn. 21C4 lbs coffee. tS80 lbs hops. 5700 lbs
pearl barley. 27.500 lbs shrimp shells. 154 pkgs
potatoeo. 7SO lbs 4 cs candy. S912 lbs nuts. 25
bxa paste. 1 cs honey. 20 crts onions, 2443 lbs
smoked meat. 138 cs paints, 8 cs nails, 7 pkgs
bicycles and sundries, 1194 bdla wire, 6 pkgs
tewing machines. 10 bdls leather. 10 pkgs dry
goods, 107 bxs soap. C07 lbs Ivory.
To Philippine Islands — 265 cs canned goods 4
cs gum. 100 cs whisky. 1428 lbs raisins, 895 lbs
nuts. 45 pkgs fresh Trults, 34 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 2 cs shoes. 15 cs typewriters.
21 pkgs electrical supplies. 3 cs dry goods, 3 cs
rubber
Exports to the Orient.
8ANTA FE, N. M., Nov. 10.— Governor
Otero this afternoon Issued a proclama
tion to the Sheriffs of Santa Fe. Colfax,
Rio Arriba, McKlnley, Lincoln and Socor
ro counties, in .which the principal coa!
mines are 'located, enjoining them to pre
serve the peace at all cost and enforce
the law, guaranteeing to every man the
full right to work. There are 2500 coal
miners In the Territory.
Governor Instructs the Sheriffs.
The French bark Marguerite MIrabaud was
cleared yesterday for Sharpness, England,
xrith 67.575 ctle barley, valued at $72,000, and
10,103 ctls wheat, valuod at $14,500. The ves
eel also carried 24,000 ft lumber as dunnage,
valued aX $360.
Grain for London.
TRINIDAD, Colo., Nov. 10.— Sheriff
Clark returned to-night from Hastings,
where he investigated the attempt to
blow up the power-house of the Victor
Fuel Company, and said that no damage
was done except the breaking of a few
windows in the building. Extra deputies
have been put on guard and no further
trouble is expected.
Miners have arrived by scores to-day
from various camps. Nearly all single
men are leaving for other coal fields. The
Sheriff's office reports no further trouble
In the county to-night and says that the
situation can be handled without tha aid
of troops. The Miners' Union established
a camp of several -hundred tents In Trin
idad to-day, where all Idle men can sleep
and eat. A fierce snowstorm ia raging
throughout this section to-night.
I/ittle Damage Is Caused by. Attempt
to Blow Up Power-Blouse.
DEPUTIES ARE ON GUARD.
A pathetic incident occurred when Mrs.
Walcott arrived" on the spot a few min
utes after the accident, totally unaware
of what had happened, and made inquiry
for her husband.
At that moment their feet struck the
beach, the water being only breast high,
but such was the force of the tide rip
that they were unable to make any head
way shoreward and were repeatedly car
ried back and forth, one moment gaining
the shore and the next losing their foot
hold, until the continuous buffeting by the
waves almost completely exhausted them.
Nichols managed to reach shore and
was taken In an unconscious condition
to a place of safety. Walcott disappeared
In view of many spectators.
REDONDO, Nov. 10.— Before the eyes or
scores of people who lined the beach, and
almost within reach of them, William
Walcott was drowned this afternoon.
With W. B. Nichols of Temecula. he
was In a boat laying a seine through a
surf which was stronger to-day than It
had been for many months. The men had
successfully laid one end and were re
turning to the beach when they were
overtaken in the surf by a monster
wave, which swamped the boat, com
pelling the occupants to Jump into the
water.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Beardslee was In the attack of the iron
clad fleet on Charleston defenses. H»
served for a time on the frigate Merrl
mac. and after the war was put in com
mand of the Aroostook. After 1S63 h»
filled many important post3. Ills last
work upon the water was the command of
the Pacific station, from which post h«
was transferred to Washington as presi
dent of the naval examining and relieving
boards. The admiral was oorn In Little
Falls, N. Y., and entered the navy in
1830, when he was made acting midship
man. He was made a rear admiral ia
March, 1S05.
Rear Admiral Beardslee was on« of the
most Interesting characters of Uncle-
Sam's sea-fighting department. When he
was on his own ship and when Ids ship
was in action he was a good disciplinarian
and was rather rough with the enemy.
He was on the. Wachusett when she cap
tured the rebel boat Florida, and he was
the lieutenant commander who brought
the prize to Hampton Roads. When tha
Wachusett came alongside the Florida
Beardslee called out to one of the seaman
on the rebel:
"Tell your captain to surrender without
any fuss or we'll send your d— d craft
down among the sharks. Understand?"
Spectators on the Beach Witness the
Accident, but Have 'No Mean*
. by Which to Prevent
the Disaster.
Strrr Pomona. Stranson. 17 hours from Eu
re stmr Ruth. Reed. !56 hour, from fan Pedro.
Stmr Del Norte. Green, 33 hours from Cres-
CC Stm? ty bualala. Hanaen, 12 hours from
Hammar. 42 hours from
Odland. 14 hours from Men
°Stmr Whltesboro. Olsen. 14 hours from
G Wh^!ntbark John and Winthrop. M«om
ber 27 days from Okhotsk Sea.
Schr Crarina. Schmaltz, 13 days from Band
P °echr Mabel Gale. Hellquist. 11 days from
A9t6rla ' CLEARED.
Tuesday, November 10.
Jap stmr America Maru, Goln*. Hongkong;
1 bark^Marsuerite MIrabaud, Beauregard,
Sharpness; A B Costlean &¦ Co. .
SAILED.
Tuesday. November 10.
Ptmr Scotia. Erlckson, Bowens Laadln*.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen. Eureka. •
Stmr Whlttier, Macdonald. Ventura.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Etmr National City. Hammer. Fort Brag*.
Stmr Ruth. Reed. Bowens Landing.
Stmr Alliance, Hardwick. Eureka, Coos Bay
ajid Portland.
Btmr Greenwood, Johnson, Albion.
Br stmr Lvtton. Collins. Portland. Or.
Jap stmr America Maru. Golns. Hongkong,
Schr Bessie K, Merriam, San Vicente Land
ing. '
Schr Glen. Nyman, Iversens Landing.
RETURNED.
Schr Bessie K. hence to-day for San Vicente
Landing, returned on account of bar being
roU8h - . • SPOKEN.
Sept 25, lat 5 N, Ion 148 W. Br ship River
Indus, from Port Blakeley. for Fremantle.
Aug 23, lat 46 S, Ion 14G W, ship Acme, froir
Honolulu, for New York. •-. ~2^'?'. ;*' ! f.
Oct 18, lat 15 N. Ion 26 W, Dutch ship
Nederland, from Hamburg, for Port Los An-
Se ilov 3, lat 49 N. Ion Nor ship Norge,
from Tacoma. for .
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT* LOBOS. N,ov 10, 10 p m — Weather
clear; wind NVf, vel6city 12 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
REDONDO — Sailed Nov 10 — Schr Melroee,
for Grays Harbor; itmr Santa Barbara, for
San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Sailed Nov »— Stmr Dlrlgo. for
Skajpvay. Nov 10 — Stmr City of Puebla, fcr
San Francisco.
Arrived Nov 10 — Stmr Rainier, hence Nov 6;
stmr Sadlr, from St Michael; stmr Umatllla,
hence Nov 7.
UMPQUA — Arrived Nov 7 — Schr Lily, hence
Oct 27; synr.San Gabriel, from San Pedro.
ASTORIA — Arrived Nov 10 — Stmr Rosecrans.
hence Nov 7; Kr ship Europe, from Hamburg.
Sailed Nov 10— Stmr Geo W Elder, for San
FYanclsco.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Nov 10— Schr Alice
Cooke. for Honolulu.
SAN PEDRO — Sailed Nov 10 — Schr E K
Wood, for Fairhaven; schr Wm Nottingham,
for Seattle: echr Alcalde, for Eureka."
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Nov 10— Stmr Bruns
wick, for San Francisco; Etmr Noyo, 'for San
Francisco.
MONTEREY— Arrived Nov 10— Etmr Aure
lia. from Astoria.
TATOOSH— Passed In Nov 10— Br 6tmr Em
press of China, from Hongkong, for Vancou
ver. . ¦
Passed out Nov 10 — Chil bark Antoinette,
from Tacoma, fcr west coast of South America.
Passed out Nov 10— Stmr Montara, for San
Francisco. - ¦ j -
EUREKA — Arrived Nov 10 — Stmr Corona.
hence-Nov 8:stmr W H-Kruger. hence Nov 8.
PORT HARFORD — Arrived Nov 10, 7 p m —
Stmr Coos Bay. hence Nov 9, for San Pedro.
PORT BLAKELEY — Arrived Nov 10— Fr
bark Mezly. from Tahiti. •• .
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Nov . 10— Stmr South
Bay, for San Francisco. ¦ *
ABERDEEN-rSailed Nov 10— Stmr Chehalls.
for San Pedro.
BANDON— Arrived Nov 10— Schr Advance,
hence Nov 1.
Off bar Nov 10 — Schr Ruby, hence Nov 1. .
COOS BAY — Barbound Nov 10 — Stmr Arcata,
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed Nov O—Bhip John Cu*
rier, for Port Townsend. Nov 10— U S stmr
Sheridan, for Manila.
KAHULUI— Sailed .. Nov 9— Stmr Nevadan,
for Honolulu and San Francisco. • . .
HILO — Arrived Nov 9— Schr John G North, |
from Port Ludlow.
EASTERN PORTS.
BALTIMORE— Arrived Nov. 9— Br bark Ce
darbatik, -from Antofogaeta.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Passed up
Nov '.»— Ship Arthur Sewall, from Honolulu, for
Philadelphia.
FOREIGN PORTS. .: ; ;S'V;
TOCOPILLA— Arrived Oct 2»— Br iitmr Ro
ma, from Barry. Nov 10— Br ship Verajean,
from Newcastle, Aus. .
GRAVESEND— Arrived Nov 9— Ger stmr
Menes, hence June 26. ¦¦¦•"'
RIO DE JANEIRO — Sailed Nov 6 — Fr bark
Marguerite Dollfus. ¦ for San Francisco.
NEW CALEDONIA — Arrived about Oct 30 —
Br ship Carmanian, from Honolulu.
TABLE BAY— In Dort Oct 12— Br shio An
cona, for Newcastle and Honolulu.
HONGKONG — Sailed Oct 28— Br stmr Indra
velli. for Portland, Or.
PANAMA— Sailed Oct 26 — Ger bark Antl
°^ANTA ROSALIA— Sailed Oct 27— Br ship
Beechbank. for Port Townsend.
GUATEMALA— Sailed Oct 24— Ger stmr
Luxor, for Hamburg. ¦>
BEACH Y HEAD— Passed Oct 11 — Nor ship
Norge, from Tacoma. * for United Kingdom.
CAPE TOWN— Arrived Nov 8— Br ship
Springbank, from Chemalnus. .
NEWCASTLE. Aus — Arrived Nov 10— Br
ship Vandura, from San Diego.
TYNE— In • port Oct 22— Br bark Lucipara,
for Port ' Townsend. ; 4^MAKsjBtaMQn»taa04
CAPE TOWN— Arrived Nov 0— Bktn Hawaii,
from Chemalnus.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, November 10
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 10.— A petition was
filed here to-day by Charles E. Paxton
In which 'he requests the Superior Court
to remove his brother, Blitz W. Paxton,
president of the Santa Rosa Bank, from
his position as one of tho executors of
the estate of their deceased mother,
Hannah H. Paxton. Penalng the hearing
it is asked that he be suspended as ex
ecutor.
In support of this request Charles Pax
ton makes a number of ctiarges against
his brother. He aJIesres embezzlement of
funds, mismanagement of tho estate and
other things. He charges his brother with
having purchased stock In the Santa Rosa
Bank, of which he is president, with
money belonging to the estate of which
they are joint heirs without making a
proper accounting, and alleges that this
stock was purchased with money In his
hands as confidential agent of his mother
and issued In his name. He further as
serts that Blitz W. Paxton borrowed
money on his personal notes and secured
them with stock in the bank and other
corporations and then allowed the claims
against the estate of their mother upon
her demise.
It is charged that Blitz claims certain
property as his individually, adversely to
the estate, and has Intentionally omitted
to Include the same In the accounting of
the estate. As the second executor of
the estate Charles E. Paxton alleges he
has rejected all of these cialm#and re
fused to permit them to be made claims
against his mother's estate. The Inven
tory of the estate shows $S65 79 in cash
on "hand when Mrs. Paxton passed away
and Charles E. Paxton states his belief
that the money on hand at his mother s
death exceeded that sum by many thou
sands of dollars.
Blitz W. Paxton expressed great sur
prise at the statements contained In his
brother's petition and declares that he
courts the fullest investigation of his ac
counts as executor of the estate. He em
phatically states that he nas repeatedly
offered his brother opportunities to In
vestigate the affairs and accounts of the
estate and urged him to do so. but that
he has refused. He declares that Charles
E. Paxton has threatened to ruin him.
Special Dispatch to The Call
An Overpowering Tide Rip
Causes Tragedy Near
the Shore.
on Fuget Eour.d, earr.fr business to Noumea, 35i,
chartered prior to arrival.
Th« French ship Champi&ny and the French
bark Genevieve Molinos proceed to sea In bal
last.
The prosecution Is represented by Dep
uty District Attorney Tournoy. Attorney
H. L. Packard, brother of the murdered
City Marshal Packard, and his partner,
former Assemblyman J. P. W. Laird.
During the examination of Jurors
Hulse sat beside his lawyers, his face
showing clearly his interest. He scanned
the face of each juror with an anxiety
he could not conceal.
The prisoner's counsel excused several
talesmen on peremptory challenges after
th-jy had been unable to disqualify them
by questions. If as good progress Is
made to-morrow the jury 'should be com
plete by the close of the day.
The courtroom was crowded during
the morning, but in the afternoon the at
tendance fell off as It became evident
that the only outlook was for a long and
monotonous cross-examination of candi
dates for the Jury. The taking of evi
dence will probably begin about Thurs
day.
BAKERSFIELD. Nov. 10.— The work
of securing a Jury to try Alfred W.
Hulse, the companion of outlaw McKin
ney, for the murder of William E. Tib
bet, after dragging through much of the
day, progressed wifli more rapidity to
ward the close of the day. Late in the
afternoon one juryman after another be
gan to qualify and by the time Judge
Mahon adjourned court there were five
men In the jury box duly sworn to try
the case.
The John and Winthrop cruised long
and faithfully. Hope deferred, however,
ciekens even a whaleman's heart, and
tweuty mtvtu days ago Captain Macomber
eaid good-by to the Okhotsk Sea with its
educaied whales and headed for San
Francisco. Ten barrels of oil and 150
pour.es of bone is all the cargo the bark
brought home with her.
Stephen Behan. the John and Win
throp's steward, died November 1 and
xmM burled at sea. The day after, in lati
tude 43 north, longitude 145 west, a heavy
rotary gale struck the ship. This cir
cular disturbance had rolled all the way
from the tropic and at noon of November
2. when ft arrived in the vicinity of the
John and Winthrcp, it was spinning at a
dizzy pace. It came first from the north,
ewung swiftly to the west and continued
boxing the compass for several exciting
hours, finally making Its exit to an ac
companiment of hailstones and vicious
little squalls.
The o1<l vfcallnff bark John and ¦Win
throp arrived yesterday from her annual
blubber hunt and stowed below her
hmlchCM was a- very modest harvest. The
whaleman ¦with the telescopic eyes was
stationed in the crow's nest throughout
the cruise. He performed his duty faith
fully and his vigilance was freely re
warded, for he sighted many whales. Big
whales, little whales, middle-sized vrhalcs:
whole schools of whales; some of them
thrashing their way through the water
as if to some far country bound, others
playfully sporting about in cumbrous,
gleeful idleness. At times It seemed to
the John and Winthrop watchers that
there were more whales than water and
more than once the tight little bark came
perilously close to taking a whaleback
ride. There were plenty of whale, but, ac
cording to Captain Macomber of the last
arrived of the fleet, they were all edu
cated whales, to whom dodging harpoons
and patent bombs came as easy as spout-
Ing water or swallowing baby herring.
Six whales allowed the harpoon-throw
ers to score hits, but as soon as the
pain from the pronged spears became an
noying a ciuirk dive and a few flips of
the tail brought about a separation from
the hunters' line, and in distressing euc
ccsidon the half-dozen prizes escaped.
AUGUSTA. Ga.. Nov. lO.-Rear Admiral
Lester Anthony Eearclslee, U. S. N., re
tired, died suddenly to-night of apoplexy.
The admiral was In the city most of th-»
day, attending the street fair, and until
11 o'clock to-night there v.as no sign of
Illness. The body will be sent to Wash
ington to-morrow, where it will be cre
mated.
BOSTON, Nov. 10.— John Mitchell, pres
ident of the United Mine Workers of
America, presided for a time this after
noon at the convention of the American
Federation of Labor, and he received a
greeting from the delegates which was as
Blncere and spontaneous as It was enthu
siastic. Cheer' after cheer resounded
through Fanouil Hall, the place of meet-
Ing, both from delegates and spectators.
It was Mitchell's nrsl appearance as a
speaker at the convention.
The day was devoted to receiving re
ports from committees and disposing of
the cases of protested delegates. The re
port of the executive council, a review of
subjects the board had considered during
the year, occupied the greater part of the
forenoon eession. The report decried the
Jurisdiction disputes between affiliated
unions. It contained all the correspond
ence with President Roosevelt In the
Miller case at Washington, but refrained
from comment upon the matter. The fea
ture of the afternoon session aside from
Mitchell's appearance as ¦ presiding of
ficer was • the general discussion of the
report of the committee on credentials,
which recommended that Delegates Guild
and Steel' of the International Journey
men Bakers and Confectioners and Dele
gate Jones of the Central Labor Union of
Burlington, Vt. f be not seated because ir
regularly selected as delegates^ This re
port was finally accepted.
President Gompers' declaration that the
great danger which confronts the federa
tion is the Internal strife which confronts
the affiliated unions over the Jursidlctlon
of trades was the chief topic of discus
sion among the delegates. It was gener
ally accepted that some decided action on
this matter would be taken.
It is understood that the Miller case
will be brought before the convention
later. While the executive council made
no comment on the correspondence, It as
eerted that the trades union movement
stands for the strictly union shop and dis
courages the recognition of the "open
shop."
At 4:40 o'clock the convention adjourned
until to-morrow.
DENVER, Nov. 10.— A jspeclal to the
Republican from Glenwood Springs, Colo.,
says that all the mines In that district
except the Midland closed to-day. The
Midland belongs to the Rocky Mountain
Fuel Company and has twenty-eight men
working-, but some of these are union men
and may yet come out. The Colorado
Fuel and Iron Company's mines at Spring
Gulch, South Canyon and New Castle axe
closed. The strikers here number be
tween 300 and 400. The men here had
asked permission to continue at work as
they were satisfied, but when the strike
order came to-day It was promptly
obeyed.
A dispatch from Lafayette, Colo., the
principal camp of the Northern Colorado
district, says none of the amall Inde
pendent mines which were reported work
ing yesterday are open to-day. The
owners signed the union agreement, but
refused to make the contract for a year
and the men were called out.
Charles Paxton Objects to
Relative as Estate
Executor.
Eark Makes Poor Catcb, but
Has a Lively Time in
Rotary Gale.
Companion of the Outlaw Mc-
Kinney Shows Much
Anxiety.
Boat Swamped at Re
dondo arid One Oc
cupant Lost.
Boston Convention Transacts
Business of»a Routine
Character.
End Comes Unexpectedly
After a Day Spent at
Augusta's Fair.
Fuel Companies Refuse to
Sign Any Contract With
Employes.
Okhotsk Whales Defy
John and Winthrop's
Spearmen.
Portion of the Jury Se
lected in Bakers
field Court.
Apoplexy Causes Sud
den Passing of Re
tired Officer.
Give President of Mine-
Workers Enthusias
tic Reception.
More Districts Ob9y
Order to Go Out
on Strike.
Sensational Petition in
a Sonoma County
Court.
CROWD SEES
A MAN DIE
IN THE SURF
BROTHER MAKES
THE ACCUSATION
MANY HARPOONED
BUT FEW TAKEN
CROWD BATHERS
FOR HULSE TRIAL
LABOR LEADERS
CHEER MITCHELL
BEAR ADMIRAL
BEARDSLEE DIES
COLORADO MINERS
QUIT THEIR WORK
THE SAN FKAS CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1903.
10
Bryson's Bewitching "Ladies in
Gold."
Four bewitching types of Amer-
ican girls by Bryson, reproductions
of this well-known artist's latest
work, are now on the presses, so it
is only a question of a short time
when they will be Issued FREE
with THE SUNDAY CALL.
This collection of pictures by the
greatest interpreter of the Amer-
ican Girl type is beyond doubt the
"strongest and most characteristic
of Mr. Bryson's efforts and marks
the full maturity of the artist's
power and his unique skill In de-
lineating character and his ability
to create types.
The series in gold are 11x14
inches, reproduced in exact fac-
simile of the originals and havea
border V&x2 inches in depth of rich
gold.
- They are new. and as they are
printed thousands of miles away
advance orders must be given in
ample time to insure non-readers
obtaining them.
"AT THE OPERA" WILL. BE
ISSUED NEXT SUNDAY.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Eczema
Salt Rheum, Ringworm, Itch,
Acne or other skin troubles,
promptly relieved and cured by
This scierlific germicide, which
is harmless, cures by killing
disease germs. Used and
endorsed by the medical
profession everywhere. Sold
by leading druggists. If not
at yours, send 25 cents for a
trial bottle. The genuine bears
my signature. Accept no
substitutes. ' Address
wnmm /Valuable Booklet on the
""'UrfJtnfBt of dlifaiee.
IA/. X. HESS.
XTctary Public and Attorney-at-Law.
Tenth Floor. Hoom 3015. Claus eprcckels bldgl
t Telephone Main aS3.
ldence. R21 California St.. below Powell.
Itesidecce Tel ei>ncxe James 1501.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A lrosj)C*jI!of B
MILWAUKEE. J
-A Good Hand n
And a steady one. for It means K
; sweet words of approval. The «
"dispenser." whether host or B
dealer, is never embarrassed by M
the feeling that it won't please. «
j There's QUALITY back of It — V]
! Quality that means "Blatz" In Pj
: every glass. Uniformly Pur© a
! and Mature. S
Always tha Same Good Old Blatz a
BltU Milt-ViT.ae (Haa-Intox) Tunis fl
Druggists or Direct. ¦
Yal. Blatz Brewing Co., Mifaaoksa. I
Braisclw eipr & Co., at S
5 and 7 DRUM.H ST., San Francisco. g
Tel. Main 1646. Wholesale Dealer*. ' : ¦
OCEAN TBAVEL.
>^j^>w Steamers leave San Fraa-
/sVf^e-^QV cisco as follows:
f^jf_ For Ketchlkan. Wraacel.
/&/ TC&£?fcl V*\ Juneau. Haines, Skar»»r.
I I vK»A I I »'=• Alaska— 11 a. m.. Nov.
I \ \«5ta/ J T- 12. 17. 22. 27. E*c. 2.
V*^ \\ /r 0 / Cbanse to company's steam-
V>v*>^*/ era at Seattle.
>d/^5*i5^ FoP Victoria. Vancouver.
w Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. Whatcom — 11 a. m., Nov. 7.
12. 17. 22. 27. Dee. 2 —Chans- at Seattle to
thl« company's steamers for Alaaka and O. N-
Ky. ; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. ltSO
P. m.. Nov. 6. 12, 18. 24, 80 Dec. «: Corona.
1:30 p. m.. Nov. 9. IS. 21. 27. Dee. 8.
For Los Ang-eles (via Port Loa AB(«1<« aa<3
Redondo). San Diero and Santa Barbara*—
Santa Roea. Sundays. 9 a. ra.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a, m.
' For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and Eaat
Ean Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cnu. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (9aa
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Nov. 0. 17. 23. Deo. X
Bonlta. 9 a. m. Nov. 0. 13 21. 29. D««. 7.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jos* del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Ilex.). 10 a. m.. Ttn of eac&
month.
For farther Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to chance steamen or aa!l>
TICKET OPTXCES— — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Pa!ac« Hotel). 10 Market street aad
Broadway wharves. ;;-'. .'.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C D DUNANN. General Passenger As rat,
' 10 Market street. Ban ' Francisco.
O. R. & N. OO.
"Columbia" sails No. 9. 19, 29, Dee. 9, 19.
» "Georse W. Elder" sails. Now. 14. 24.
Dec 4 14. 24. Only steamship line to PORT-
LAND'. OR., and short rail line from Portland
to all' points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail at LOW-
EST RATES. Steamer tickets Include berth
and meals. Steamer sails foot ot Spear at.
at 11 a. m. 8. F. BOOTH. G«n. A*t. Pass.
Dept.. 1 Montgomery St.: C. CLIFFORD. Oen.
Agt. Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers -will leave wharf. corner/First and
Erannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India. «tc. No
cargo received on board on day of aailln*.
S 3. AMERICA MARU
_ Tuesday. November 10. 1903
S f. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. December 3. 1903
S 8. NIPPON MARU (Calling at Manila)
* Wednesday. December 30, 1903
Via Honolulu. Round- trip tickets at redaced
rates. Fcr freight and passage apply at Com-'
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. K. AVERT. General Agent.
S "S SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Nov. 19. 2 p. m.
S S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Nov. 2S. 11 a.m.
8* S MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Dec. 1. 11 a. m.
41. JTKCKIS * Ku3.C8^ Ws..rxh!3fto,B43 Sarwa
IfliSbtBCxSU Car&dSL.Rarla. 7. Facia H.
C0MPAG5IE GE5EKALE TIUMSATLASTIQUS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. **,+-,
bailing every Thursday Instead oj <SSj!U*i»
Saturday, at 10 a-, m., from Pier 42. »«w«SJn
North RlTcr, foot of Morton street.
First-class to Havre. 570 and upward. Sec-
ond-clcss to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson Building)
New York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
AKeuts. & Montgomery avenue. San Fracntsco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mare Island aaflVaUejo Staamar».
Steamer GEN. FR1SBIE or MONTICELLO-—
9:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:G0 p. m.. except Sunda*
Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. S:CO p. a. Leave Vallejol
7 a. m.. 12: JO and 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day, 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare. 50 cents Tel
Main 1508. Piep 3. MUaloa-st. dock. HATCH
SRO3.: There ' was . a further pronounced - decline In
Silver -and -Sterling' Exchange yesterday.. Do.
mestic. Exchange remained the same: ¦-¦* -;
* - The "America Mura' took ' out ' for 5 Hongkong '~'&
treasure list ' of $10,211.': consisting; of $4546 : In
Mexican* dollars,', $5015 in gold coin, and $050 In
gold^dust.^ ;, ; , ¦'"'-¦..'_¦:"¦ ¦'...*..,'. "¦ ". ' :;v/.
Sterling! Exchange, 60 ' .'days I. .*... — - $4 ! 80H
Sterling Exchange,- sight... ....... ( -_^ 4 si'.j.
Exchange and Bullion.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady ; i No. 7 invoice
6Hc: mild," firm.' The ; market for coffee'fu
tures closed • weak at a net decline of , 6®15
¦ WHEAT— Receipts.- 38,025: bushels. Snot'
weak; No. 2 red, 84%c elevator; No 2 red'
85%c f. o. b. afloat; Northern Dulutb!
S7^c f o. b afloat; 1 : No. 1 ha r d Manitoba
nominal, f. o. b. afloat. Options developed furl
ther. severe weakness under the liquidation af
ter.-: a : heavy Northwest movement,- a : big In
crease in the , world's stock of receipts for ' the
i^. C i6c. JU c^sed C1^ 78%C: nt^i^M
• • HOPS— Steady. . -;
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Firm.".-
PETROLEUM— Firm. ¦
NEW YORK, NOV. . 10— FLOUR— Receipts
36.100 barrels. Easier and lower.
New York Grain and Produce.
¦ There were large receipts of Butter again
yesterday,'; but the ; best ", creameries 'ruled ; firm
and brought full figures without difficulty. 1 The
medium J arid ¦> lower, grades 1 continued • to ¦ drag
more ¦ or less. ¦ The general ; demand i was .good
and i the j market ¦ continued . to absorb :- ¦ the - ar
rivals 3 very •: well. ' ¦ The ¦ retailers - continue s to
take 1 fine ! cubes out of cold storage- In prefer
ence "to, second 'creamery. ¦> '; ' ¦* . *'¦„''
' Prices 'for Cheese 'remain as. before, but-; the
market- is: weak,'? with ;the Shelves ¦ well ; loaded
withstock which dealers, find hard- to work oft.
s Eggs ; are • doing.-. better 3 again ¦ and : fine . ranch
have moved 7 up • a .-• cent. , The demand - shows
considerable i improvement and ; the "dally re
ceipts .which are '• not heavy, are readily ¦ »b
*°Recelpts were 44.100, lbs Butter,. 657 cases
Eggs and 4700 lbs Cheese.^ ' - ':' '
-, BUTTER— Creamery. ":31®32c for ; extras and
26@'29o. for; seconds;' dairy. ,21®25c; ; store "But
ter. J -17%iai9c:.cold:Storage,\,24@26c; ' Eastern,
23{i2oc per.lb. *°- ' r^r '.' ' •¦"¦• ' ¦ ; :
¦i-y CHEESE— 12®12%c for. the * general >¦ market.
13@13V4C.for select mild new and ll®ll#ct for
lower grades : • Young Americas. ¦ 13 V6@14c : . East
ern. 1 15%®16%c; ¦ Western,', 14@15c < per lb. T > < --A
1 KGGS — Ranch.' ' HS-ilc ; for .: choice • aad - 3ia
Butter, Cheese and' Eggs.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 10.— Railroad stocks
were more affected to-day in sympathy with
the recent weakness of United States Steel
than at any time during the heavy liquidation
of that stuck. The sharp rebound in prices at
the end of the day gave room for supposition
that much of the selling of railroad stocks was
for short account, and room traders found. the
supply scanty when they attempted to cover
their shorts. The demonstrative way in which
the break In railroad stocks was heralded and
tipped from professional quarters furthered the
suspicion of the professional character «f the
celling. ¦ United States Steel ended to-day un
changed from last night, although it sold at
one time at 49-%. The relaxation of the severe
pressure against this stock seemed to deprive
the bears of some of their war material and
further their disposition to cover. It was gen
erally expected that some further cut in the
prices of eteel would be announced to-day as a
result of meetings among authorities in the
trade and the failure of these announcements
was a relief to. the United States Steel securi
tis. The number of chares of Pennsylvania
dealt in rofce considerably over the number of
United States Steel preferred, but Pennsyl
vania stock is In $50 or half shares. The acute
weakness of this stock, which sold down to
$114 12%. had much to do with the general
weakness developed In the other railroad
stocks. It was reported that a large loan by
a. trust company, in which Pennsylvania stock
figure* to an important extent as collateral
was closed out. The argument waa used with
*ffect that the depression In the Iron and coal
trades would be bound to affect the traffic of
the trunk lines unfavorably and most of all
Pennsylvania.
. The heavy bond and stock issues by eub
sldlary companies recently made, having reached
an aggregate of considerably over $50,000.0<X»
were a factor in the depression of stocks, which
was aggravated by rumors of still further is.
sues. The fact that these issues are pushed
at this time has caused an Impression that ths
authorities making them hold an unhopeful
view of the future of the money market,- be
ing so ready to issue them under the present
by no means very favorable condition ¦ of the
money market. But in this connection it is to
be considered ' that numerous other • require
ments for railroad bond issues still overhang
the market, which it may be good policy to
forestall. • •-:.,
¦ Transfers of currency to the interior to-day
again rose to $500,000. and call money again
loaned in some abundance at 6 per cent. Ster.
ling exchange, however. <• made another • down
ward plunge to a point where foreign bankers
estimated that it will be profitable to Import
British' sovereigns., There were rumors ' cur
lent of Impending imports of several million
dollar; worth, but.no definite announcements
were made. The obvious likelihood of the ru
mors helped the late recovery in the market.
In the late dealings Amalgamated Copper took
th« lead in the advance and closed with a gain
of 2% points. Rumors of strikes In tho Rio
Tintos mines, which - depressed ] that • stock I in
London, ¦ probably . prompted ,. the ¦ advance . in
Amalgamated here in ¦ the same : way that; the
decline in Amalgamated on ' the closing down
of < the ' II ont ana works caused an ' advance ' in
Rio Tintos in ' London. ::¦ The • market closed
dull and barely steady. » V " i^igW'imMMfcaitai
" The bond market was dull and heavy.'.; Total
St. Louis Wool 'Market.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 10. — WOOL— Steady/ Me
dlum.'gradee, 15«m%c; heavy fine, 12@14%c;
tub washed, 20Si:t0c. ¦¦¦=^SSUB£^f£Sii
Northern ¦ Busin ess.
SEATTLE, Nov. ,10.— Clearings, $824,634;
balances. -,$138,723: -
' PORTLAND. Nov. 10.— Clearings, $769,047;
balances, $50,782. V . • . . .
TACOMA. Nov.: lO.-^learinga, $660,061; bal
ances, $5«. 825. - _ ¦
-¦¦ SPOKANE. Nov. 10.— Clearings.
balances, $78,150., , :
Northern] Wheat .; Market.
• OREGON.
PORTLAND. Nov." 10.— Wheat— Walla Wal
la.'. 73c;iBluestem.^77c;' Valley. 7Sc.:: .
. : WASHINGTON.
• TACOMA- NovJ" ; 10.— Wheat— l@2c lower.
Bluestem, •¦ 79®S0c;' Club. 75@76c.- .. . ; .=-i* v __'¦
• BOSTON, Nov. '.10. -'-The . demand' for wool
continued ¦ quiet this week. • Purchasers con
fined their dealings to such lots as manufac
turers are forced to have to keep their machin
ery employed. Values " aa ", a whole have held
about . steady. Quotations: Territory — Idaho
fine, 14@15c; fine medium, 16igl7c; -medium,
18019c; Wyoming fine, 14@15c; fine medium.
]6@17c; : medium, 17^4@10c;. Utah and Nevada
fine, 15@16c; fine medium. :17@17%c; medium,
13«J20c; Montana fine : choice, 19®20o;. fine me
dium choice,' 19@20c; : staple, 2O@21c; medium
choice, 21c. • ," ; ' .
Boston Wool Market.
— Live Turkeys,' 17@19c per lb for
"young. and,'14@10c .• for. old; .„¦ Geese, per pair
$1 ,75^2; Goslings, $2@2 25; Ducks. $4@5 per
dozen for old and.$5@6 for young; Hens, $4 50
@5 50: for: small and $5 5086 50 for large;
young Roosters, $5 50<S6: old Roosters, $i 50
i^5;; Fryers, $4 50<g5 50;- Broilers,- $3 60@4 for
large and , $303 50 ¦¦ < for . ' small : . -- Pigeons, $l@
1.25 per dozen for old 'and* $202 25 for^ Squabs.
GAME- Mallard Ducks," $t 50®6 per dozen;
Canvasback, $407; Sprig,; $404 50; Teal, $1^50
tff2; WldBeon. $1 50@2; small . Dueke. : $1- 50;
Gray Geese, $3^3 50; White Geese, $102;
Brant. $1 ', 60 f or small and :.; $2 50' for large;
Kngllsh ¦*' Snipe.' '-$3; ¦; common *• .Snipe; $1,75;
Wild Doves, $1 25; Rabbits. $1 ,75 fo» Cotton
tails and $1 25 for Brush ;, Hare, '$125@1 50.
Two more cars of Western Poultry -were on
pale, : ; making four for the week.;.- Offerings of
Western 'Were rather uoor. and-- there- was a
better . demand ' for fancy local stock.- Young
Roosters and Fryers were • quoted ' higher, and
occasional -- sales . of ' large' fat stock ' were re
ported • above the quotations. aaSBWiflBggl^SS^
. . : Live Turkeys . were plentiful and easier. '¦ : A
few ; cases ¦ at dressed , came in and met with
prompt sale at 24c ; per- lb. * .: ..¦"-* -- : .-•¦-• .
Receipts of Game were unusually heavy and.
with the exception of Sprig, ¦ all descriptions of
Wild' Ducks ¦ were quoted lower. ' The demand,
however.'.was.steady at the reduced prices and
everything cleaned, up ..well..;
Poultry and Garnc.
NEW YORK. Nov. 10.— The cotton market
closed firm, 10 points higher.
New York Cotton Market.
.- MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. . '-"sL-U
Ala AW 5«: — — - Do 5s .... — lOBiJ
Bay CPC58. — 103% Do con 5s. — 104.
Cal CG 68.-104% — O W C g 5*. — . 10O
Cal C & E g ' Oceanic 8 Ss. 73 79
m & ct 5s. — 1O2T5 Ora C R 6s. .120 —
Cal-st 5s ...,— — Pac B Im 4a — 07
C C Wat 6s. — 100% P E Ry* 5s. 106*4108
E L& P 69.120 — P &C H 6a. — . —
F & C H 6*. -— 117 P fc O R 68.116X4120
Geary-st 5s.. 45 90 Powell-st 6s.ll3U —
H C&S 5%».1O1 — S E GAR 5s. — 101
H C & SS 5s. OS 100 SF & SJV'.s.lltiUUT
Hon R T 6s.lO4%10« S R of V 6a.U2H —
L A Elec 5s.l01VilO5% S P of A 6s
L A Ry 68.112^114 (19O9),....107%10SH
LA L Co 6«. — ;.—. '<l»10> 108% —
Do gtd 6s. — — - S P of C 6s
Do gtd 5S.102V410&H <Ifl*i5>Sr A.102UKO
LAP'lcm 5s. — 103 «1905)Sr B.lorsvJitWS
Mkt-st C 6».117% — U»0tS> .....I04m08
Do lem 5s. •— 11» I <1912> 114H —
NRR of CBs-107 1U*H SPC leg 5s.. —
. Do 5s ..\.lUVill5 Do stmpd.106% —
N P CR 5s. — 1U9 S P B R 6a.'— —
NCR5e...-100 — 3 V W «s..l(B!i -
N C P C 5«. — " — • Do 4s 2dm. B.S 80
N S R R 5«. — 98 Do 4* 34m, SO — . ¦ -
O G L H 5s. 107 — Stkn G&E 6s 95 102J4
O T Co 6s... 117 HSVi'U G & E 5s. — 105
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Coeta — ¦ 42 (Port Costa. . — —
MarinCo.... 61,: — . Jt-p V W Co.. 3SH 39U
V UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Ask.f Bid.Ask.
Is qr coup. '..Ill 112 Us qr new ..134%i:»U
4s qr reg ..111. 112 tos qr coup.. 108 100
TUESDAY, Not. 10—2 p. m.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
The Overman Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 10 cents per nhare. delinquent
December 15.
Ex-dlvldend yesterday: Giant Consolidated
Powder Company, regular monthly, 50c per
share." amounting to $10,000; California Wtne
Association, regular monthly. 60c per share,
amounting to $21,023 20; Reed Crude OH Com
pany, 20c per share on the capital stock of
$2,000,000, amounting to $400,0)0. payable No
vember 10. Those who hold the old stock will
have to send - It to the secretary tn order tn
secure .the dividend. On the new baahi of
stock Issue the dividend will be $4 per share.
Sunset OH Company of Tulare has levied an
assessment of 5 cents per share to become de
linquent December 5.
The ell stocks were dull all day.
There was rather more trading on the morn
ing session of the Bond Exchange, though the
market could not be called active. The sugar
and ga* stocks ruled firm. Makaweli Sugar
selling at $22 50®23 and Hawaiian Commercial
at $45 60® 46. Gas and Electric sold up to $«9>.
with the certificates touching the same figure.
Spring Valley Water was weaker at $38 50 and
Giant Powder sold at $65 50.
The afternoon was quiet at practically th«
morning prices, though the advance tn the
sugar stocks seemed to be checked for the mo
ment. \
STOCK MARKET.
Iron closed at 48s Od in Glasgow and at 42s
10^4d In Mlddlesboro. Locally Iron was quiet:
No. 1 foundry Northern, $15(816: No. , 2 foun
dry, $14 25@15; No. 1 foundry Southern and
No. 1 foundry Southern soft, $14@14 25.
NEW YORK. Nov. 10.— Spot tin was 7a 6d
higher in London at £116 2s 6d and futures ad
vanced. 10s to £117 6s. Locally, however, tin
was unchanged and quiet at $23 "M/ 25 50.
Copper was. firm at about Cl higher in Lon
don, where spot cloEed at £59 2s Cd and fu
tures at £58 2s 6d. Locally copper was quiet.
Lake is , quoted at $13 75, electrolytic at
$13 02Vi and casting at $13 50.
• Lead was steady at $4 50 in tho local mar
ket, but declined Is 3d In London to £11 Is 3d.
¦ Spelter declining 5 to 10 points to (5 90 at
New York, remained unchanged at £21 in
London. • • "
Nezv York Metal Market
Flour, qr sks... 7.752 |Feed. sks 24
Wheat, ctls .... 9S0 1 Flaxseed. sks .. K>
Barley ctls ...23,141 j Sugar, ctls 090
Beans 'ska 3.570iH!des. No 1.145
Potatoes, sks ..- 2,240 Pelts. No MS
Onions, sks 6S1 Leather, rolls .. «>
Hay tons 506! Tallow, ctl» ... 211>
Btraw. tons .... K'WIne, ctl 40.33O
Hops, bales .... S Lime, bbls ..... 4<W
Wool, ¦ bales .... 25tf 'Quicksilver, flsks 75
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 10.
Receipts of Produce.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river, 60@
75c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $1@1 35 per ctl;
Oregon Burbanks. 75c@$l per ctl; River Reds,
504? W>c p«r ctl ; Sweet Potatoes, $1 25 per ctl:
I ONIONS — H0@ft2%c per ctl for choice and '50
@75c for lower grades. •• ' •
VEGETABLES— Green Peas,:2M@4c per lb;
String Beans. 2@3e per lb: Wax/ 2%<flZc; Lima
Beans. '3%@4%o per lb; Tomatoes, 25<S50o per
box; Summer Squash, 75c per box; Cabbage 60c
per ctl; Carrots, 7. r >c per sack; Cucumbers, 60@
75c per "box; Garlic, 4<g5c per lb; Green Pep
pers, 35<8':>0c per box for. Chile and 50@65c for
Bell: Green Okra, 60®S5c per box; Egg Plant
r>0<800c per box; Marrowfat Squash,' $10@15 per
ton; Hubbard. $15@20. •
The ¦ recent rains and frosts have cut down
the receipts - of nearly all - kinds of - vegetables
and several descriptions are bringing higher
prices. Fresh arrivals of Tomatoes came to
hand too late for the. regular trade and thera
was quite a quantity carried over.: Fancy stock
would have brought- higher prices : during : the
early trade had there been any available. , . Poor
quality offerings of Peas and Beans from Los
Angeles that arrived on the preceding day were
Btlll offering at 75c@$l 25 per sack, but found
few buyers. ' Choice offerings from other sec
tions were in good request at steady rates."
Stocks of fancy Salinas and Oregon Burbanks
were well cleaned up and the market for such
stock vwas steady. Low grade offerings of all
kinds were in free - supply . and ruled .weak at
unsteady, prices. There were no fresh Sweets
received, but carried-over stock was abundant
and sold fairly at the previous quotation. The
market was overloaded with poor Onions, which
were hard to \dlspose of at any price.. Fancy
stock. was in small supply and firm at a sharp
advance. ' . . , ¦ .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Dry plowing and seeding begun; no rain, al
though threatening Saturday. Crop* are prac
tically out of the way and rain would be wel
i«me. Ftrft trort Monday morning; - - light
aad caused no damage. - -
Raln» were of inestimable value to growing
crops and gras». F&ll plowing and seeding are
jV-ogTe«sing rapidly; an unusually • large acre
<i£t being »«fn to grain. Condition of stock
If much imr>ro%'ed.
LOS ANGELE8 PUMMARY.
The we*th*T was cool and partly cloudy dur
ing the we*k. R%!n fell in nearly all nectionj.
Ind.ia some places the precipitation was euf
v} ierit to start eras* and .often the .oil for
blowing- crops were not damaged, everything
«£pt Ute grspes »nd apple» being under
|<o£r tWw a lisrht frost in some.sec
tion* this (Monday) rooming/ Farmers are en
caged In plowing and seeding in many places,
f wf more Vs-ln is ne«S*>d before the work be
<^meT^£n?ral Fe*d J. *carce. but will un-
SSSMedfrbSimr plentiful very won. Stock
are in fair condition. •
PAN jOAQUnC VALLEY.
rar"v cloudy weather prevailed during the
tally ovrr. Som* late grape* .are *f ln S «Mp
p«d. but most of them are going to tbeflWT
»«u Ollm are beginning to color and the
rrofpoct* are good for a fair crop. Orange
picking and shipping continue. Summer crop,
are being harvested with good results. Plow
ing and eeeilnp are progrwing. -P""!*?*., 1 ."
*c«r«> but nock ar«> healthy and doing well.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA-
Warm and generally clear weather prevailed
during the week, with heavy fogs In the coast
districts. RaiFln making is nearly completed
tn d moft of the crop is under shelter. >\ Jth
the exception of prun« and apples the decid
uous trult ctcd If all gathered - ' and under
<x>ver. Wine making Is rearing completion.
Walnut harvest continues; tn« yield U reported
good in Ventura County and light In other eec
tions, but the nuU are of excellent quality.
Oranges are in excellent condition, but; ar»
folorlng rather flo\i!y in some districts; • a;
Urge crop l» probabU. Plowing Is progressing
In a. fw place*. Ctlery is ripening, and tne
first full carload for this season from Southern
California started East November 2. 6hip
rnenU' of walnuts are belns made to Eastern
market* in carload lots.
EUREKA SUMMARY.
Cool weather prevailed during the week-
Rain Ml In all sections on the 4th and 7thjin
fome flacks amounting to over one inch. The
rain damaged raielns and late grapes to some
rxtent but was otherwise very beneficial In
starting erase and softening the soil. There
w-aa a light hailstorm at Rosewood on the
4th Oranpe harvest has commenced In the
Oroville district and shipments are in progrew:
the crop ie reported good. Late grapes are still
l*lng fh'.ppea from Eacrcroer-to. The deciduous
Trult crcp is all gathered and under cover.
Manv farmers have commenced plowing and
iw<ll'ng since the rain. Cattle are in fair con
dIU ° n COAST AND BAY SECTIONS.
The temperature Curing the week was nearly
normal, but. cooler weather prevailed at the
close and light {rosts occurred In some sec
tions. Rain fell in nearly all parU of the
State except BouthTti California, and heavy
log« were frequent in the coa*t district.
The rain in tome sections was sufficient to
nart grass and tofu-n the soil for plowing, but
ua* generally too light to be of material bene
fit in the. central end «outhern dietricw. Late
grapes and unprotected raisins were slightly
tl&ma£ed. Grape shipments continue and
wineries are nnif-hinc up the seasons run.
rUifciae and dried fruits are practically all
shelttre-d. Canneries are still in operation in
.-..:?i<- «ectipns. Walnut harvest continues and
a good crcj? is reported in Ventura County;
the nuts are of excellent quality in all districts.
Olive* are in Rood condition. Orange ship
ment* are in progress In the Oroville and Por
lervttle districts, where the yield i* reported
excellent: Southern California oranges are
i-olorlng and prospect* «re good for u. heavy
• mp. Table errepef of superior quality are
jtbundar.t in local markets.
Com ricking and potato digging continue and
fair crops are being harvested. All other
crops are' under cover. Flowing has been re
turned in many places sine* the rain and some
farmers are *ee<llng. but more rain is needed
to make work Krofltable. Feed is scarce, but
cattle are in fair condition.
SACRAMENTO VALLEY. .
The weekly report of A. G. McAdle, section
director of the climate and crop service of the
Weather Bureau, Is as follows:
OENERAL EUMMARY.
The Weather and Crops.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH. Nov. 10.— CATTLE— Receipts.
2000. Steady. Cows and heifers, $1 50@4 60;
Btockers and feeders, $2 40® 3 80.
HOGS— Receipts. 1 8400. 10@30c lower. Light,
$4 65<g5; medium and heavy, $4 50<85.
SHEEP — Receipts, 1600. Lambs, 2%@5o
higher than last week's close; top, $5 25.
CHICAGO, Nov. 10. — CATTLE — Receipts,
4000, Including 1200 Texans; Western, steady;
good to prime . steers, , $5 25@5 65; poor to me
dium, $3 25®4 75; ntockers and feeders, $1 75
@4 25; cows, $1 25®4 25; heifere, $2@4 50;
canners, $1 25^2 25; bulls, $1 75©4 25; calves,
?2@7 50; Texas fed steers, $2 75@3 50; West
ern steers, *3@4 25.
. HOGS — Receipts to-day. 28,000; to-morrow,
30,000: 15@25c lower: mixed and butchers,
$4 5O@5 05; good to choice heavy, $4 60@4 90;
rough heavy, $4 1CN&4 50; light, $4 50®4 90;
bulk of sales, $4 60<£4 75.
SHEEP— Receipts. 18,000; sheep and lambs,
6tror.g to 15c higher; good to choice wethers,
$3 25@4 25; fair to choice mixed, $2 50@3 25;
Western sheep, $304 15: native lambs, $4@
5 75; Western lambs, $4 25© 5 10.
Chicago Livestock Market.
¦ Numerous narrow changes in Beans appear,
though the market as a whole stands about as
for a week or two past, the demand being light
and the feeling weak. Receipts continue am
ple, but are no longer excessive. -~-~-%
There is nothing new in Seeds.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 15@2 40; Pea, $3@3 25;
Butters. $3; small White. ¦ $2 9003 10; \ large
White, $2 20f 2 50; Pink, $2 15@2 35; Red. $2 90
@3; Lima. $2 7502 95; Red Kidneys. $4 25;
Blackeye, $2'15@2 35 per ctl; Horse Beans,
$1 50©2.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3; Yellow- Mus
tard. $2 75@2 80; Flax. $l'70@l SO; Canary.
5@5y.c for Eastern; Alfalfa, . 12@13c; i Rape,
1%<8*2V.c; Timothy. C(g6%c; Hemp, 3&@3%c
per lb; Millet. 3@3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $20®
23 per ton.
DRIED PEAS — Green, $1 80®2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
NEW YOR1C, Nov. 10. — Special cable and
telegraphic rei>orts to Bradstreet's show the
following changes In available supplies as com
pared with last account : ¦ ""-" - .
Wheat — United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, Increased 6,S0«,00O bushels: afloat for
and in Europe, luc«.as«>tl l.eoO, 000 bushels.
Total supply increased 7.048,000 bushels.
Corn— United States and Canada, ' east of
Rockies, increased 607,000 bushels.
Oats — United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, increased 30S.00O bushels.
Available Grain Supply.
Weather Report.
rtSOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 10, 6 p. tn.
Th» following are the eeasonal rainfall* to
date as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall In last 24 houra;
~~ Last This Last
Stations— 24 hour*. Reason. reason.
Eureka Trace 6.08 8.40
Red Bluff CK> 1.84 ».<H
Facramento «« .70 3.31
fs&n Francisco VO -72 3.28
Fresno O0 .08 2.43
Independence 00 Trace .3»
San Luis Obispo 00 .00 3.20
>Lcs Angles 00 .43 2.34
Baa Diego 00 .OS l.&t
THE COAST RECORD.
agx a 2 5
3 & $Z -3 ** 3
§ Se 2 3 $1 2 *¦:*;/«
STATIONS. | 1 1 || g§ |- |
• ** • • o
-55 - : ?
Baker 50.04 34 IS S\V Cloudy ?00
Carsor. 30 00 50 14 W Cloudy Tr.
Eureka 30.14 50 40 S Cloudy Tr.
FaraUon 50.20 56 52 NW Clear .00
Fresno SO. 02 «0 34 N*W Clear .00
Flagstaff 23.78 62 34 Nff Clear .00
Inder< ndence .29.92 «2 34 SE Cloudy .00
l>s Angeles... TJ.iXi 70 50 S\V Clear .00
Mt. TamalpaisSO.iO 48 38 NW It Cldy .00
North Head...^9.S«J 42 38 SE Kain .30
Phoenix 2y.53 74 46 AY Cloar .0i)
Pocatello 30.10 30 20 SW Cloudy .02
Portland 2».06 44 38 8E Rain .26
Point Reye5. ..30.14 54 48 NW Cloudy .00
Red Bluff 30.14 56 38 N Cloudy .00
Roseburgr 29.96 44 34 EE Rain .10
Eacramento ..30.16 60 52 NE Pt Cldy .00
Salt Lake 30.10 34 26 BE Clear .42
6an Francisco.3o.22 «0 50 W Pt CTdy .00
fi. L. Obispo... W. 12 6S 54 N Clear .00
Fan Diego 20.91 C 6 54 SW Clear .00
Seattle 29.94 40 34 BE Rain .34
Spokane 29.96 38 30 8 Cloudy .00
Tatoosb 2H.SO 40 34 SE Rain .14
Walla Wa11a.. 30.«»0 44 34 8 Cloudy Tr.
Winnemucca .30.06 40 24 W Cloudy Tr.
Yuma 30.b4 80 44 W Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AITO GENERAL
FORECAST.
Another storm ha« made Its appearance on
the Washington coast and may move south
ward racidly. Southeast storm •warnings are
displayed at Eureka.
There ha* been a decided fall la temperature
over the lntermountain region. At Salt Lake
tnero has been a fall of 22 decrees. Light
snow has fallen in the Rocky Mountain re
gion.
The following high -winds are reported: Point
Reyee, CO miies per hour, from the northwest;
Mount Tamalpais, 50 miles, northweet; South
east Farallon, 48 miles, northwest; Pocatello,
26 miles, southwest.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
endim? midnight November 11:
Northern California — Cloudy. unsettled
weather Wednesday, with rain in northern por
tion; fresh southeast winds, high off shore.
Southern California — Cloudy Wednesday;
fresh Koutheact winds.
Nevada — Cloudy; warmer Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Wednes
day, with rain; light north winds, changing to
brisk southeasterly.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
Wheat Dec - March. May;
Opening 6 5 6 4% 6 3%
Closing 6 4% «4% 6 3-)4
Wheat— Nov - Mar. -June.
Opening ....20 85 20 95
S .:::::: 20 *o ,2095
in our——
Opening 29 95- 28 60
Closing ....,30 00 23 60
LIVERPOOL.
Foreign Futures.
Bran is quoted extremely weak, . the heavy
receipts from the North on Monday having hit
the market a hard blow. Middlings rule steady,
receipts being moderate. -
-Hay continues steady under moderate arriv
als and a fair demand.
BRAN— $20®21 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $2U©28 per ton.
SHORTS— $20<§21 50 per ton. .
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $24 50#25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26@-2G 50; job
bing, $27027 60; Cocoanut Cake. $21@22; Corn
Meal, $30@31; Cracked Corn, $30 50@31 50;
Mixed Feed, $22 50<g23 50; Horse Beans. $30®
40 per ton.
HAT— Wheat. $14@16 50; Wheat and Oat,
$13 50@16 50; Oat, $12 60@14 50; Wild Oat,
$11 50«ai3 60; Barley, $11(313; Stock, $10@ll;
Alfalfa'. $10@12 60 per ton.
STRAW — 10@ 65o per bale. -'
Hay and Feedstuff s.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery, 18@21c; dairy.
14(g'18 1 Ac; eggs, 21623c; cheese steady, 10®llc.
Articles Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 22,200 21.200
Wheat, bushels 121.000 10.\6uO
Corn bushels 302.000 133,100
Oat".' bushels 2SS.B0O 364.200
Rye bushels 6,600 2,400
Barley, bushels ¦ 284.500 26,500
cf hops purchased up the Ftate for export to
lincland vu about SOf"U bales; these hops, it
wae etated. -were purchased largely In Scho
harie County, and SOfgSlc were the prices paid.
The loce.1 market was firm, but quiet. No new
developments »'f« reported from England or
Gcrrcany."
Mail advir^c from New York say of Hops:
*Te3»?praphic a£vlcf > s received from the
«¦•:'..*? r«-t»one<l more active and flrmar mar
kets. Exp.jrteni, It was plated, were giving a.
fair ar.ount of attention to the market as
buyers, and according to reports current fair
t>urcfc£.!=<»5 were made in Oregon for choice
grades, the price* paid ranging from 23c to 24c.
Advicee from Sonoma rejx>rted Fales of 400
bale* choice hops for export at 2m«f23c. Ac
«-ordlng to latent estln-.ate* It ie figured that
about 7S i^r rent of the California crop ha*
j«esed out of prowere' han<?«. and some figure
:hat one-half of the Or»eon crop has been mar
keted by grower*-; others, however, consider
tl Is* estimate ea rxeseive. The advices rf
c^ived from uo the Ptate reported -firm mar
kets. According to latest reports the quantity
The Hop Market.
Retail Meat Prices.
Th« folloming retail prices for meats ar#
quoted br the Retail Butchers' Protective As
sociation :
HEEF — Prime Roa*t. KMJI!*-; Porterhouse
Steak. ISS522Vijc: Tenderloin Steak. 15Slbc; Sir
toln Steak. 12**@15c; Top Round Steak. 12'» c;
lieef Stew, 10c; Corned Beef. 81? 10c; Soup
Bone>. 4c; Sonp Meat. s<?-10r.
VFAL l>oln Roa« lWir2<V; Shoulder Roa6t.
12>itf15«-; Chop* and Cutlets, 15@20c; Stew.
12S©I5e. • „_
MUTTON — Lck. I2H's'lf'<-: Fcrequarter, Q&
.Oc; .<:.«. s ©~10c;' Prime Chops. 12H# 3Sc -
LAMB — LeX, 20c; Forequarter. 12 L iS'ir>c;
Hindquartrr. INgiOc; Shoulder Roast. 10G12%c;
Chor*. ISiilhc
PORK— K.jast. 12«-ieiS.-; Chop*. 15©l*c.
These price* do not cover the cheaper grades.
af it Is imr>osi-:ble to quote regular prices on
them. ""
The millers continue to report a fair inquiry
for both Flour and Millstuffs at previous prices.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 600
4 85, usual terms: Bakers' Extras, $4 50@4 60;
Oregon and Washington, $3 90@4 20 per bbl for
Family and $3 90@4 40 for Bakers'. - 1
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as fol
lows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour, $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour, $7;
Corn Meal, $3 25; extra cream do, $4; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy. $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 50@4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina. $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 60; Rolled
Oats, bbls, $7 25@8 60; in sacks. $6 75@3 10;
Pearl Barley, $0; Split -Peas, boxes. $7; Green
Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour easy;
No. 3 spring wheat. 70@5Oc; No. 2 red. i.%@
7S%c; No. 2 corn. 43%c; No. 2 yeljow. 43%c;
No? 2 oats, 34^@35c: No. 3 white, 84%; No. 2
rj-e. 68%c good feeding barley, 3C@4Sc; fair
td choice malting. 49®56c; No. 1 flaxseed, 00c;
No 1 Northwestern, 94c; prime timothy need,
$2 85; mess pork, per bbl. $11 37%@11 50; lard,
per 100 lbs, $6 87%<7iO 00; ehort ribs sides
<looRe), $7 25@7 73; short clear sldee (boxed).
$6 75@7; whisky, basis of high wines, $1 25;
clover, contract grade, $10 60. t ¦ ' ¦ ¦ .
Dried FruitsjNuts, Raisins, Honey
With the exception of Walnuts, which are
firm, the whole line of Fruits, Nuts, Raisins
and Honey. rules easy, with trade merely fair.
Prices show no change of any consequence.
FRUIT — Apricots, 7®8%c for Royals and 9®
lOo for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 48<5%c;
sun-dried, 3%@4c; Peaohes. 4%®fi%c; Pears,
6®10c; Nectarines, 4(^5 VrC; Figs, white. 404% c
in boxes; black, 4%c; Plums, pitted. 638c per
pound.
PRUNES— 1903 crop, 2%83c : for- th«- four
sizes. . •
RAISINS— F. o* b. prices. Fresno, for 1903
crop: 60-lb boxes — Loose Muscatel. 2-crown.
6%c per lb; 3-crown. 5%c: 4-crown, 6%c; Seed
less Muscatels. 4%e;-. do floated. 4%c: un
bleached Sultanas. 4%c; Thompson's Seedless,
5%c. London Layers — 2-crown, $1 25; 3-crown,
$1 35; 4-crown clusters, $2: 5-crewn- Dehesaa,
$2 50; 6-crewn Imperials. $3; Malaga Ix>ose. 2
crown, 6c per lb: do 3-erown. 5%c; Valencia
Cured, 4%c; Pacific do, 3%c; Oriental do, 2%c.
Seeded Raisins — 16-oz packages, fancy. \Sc per
lb; choice. 7"«c: 12-oz packages, fancy. 6%c:
choice. 6%c; In bulk, fancy, 7%c; choice. 7%c
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 13%@14c:
No. 2,.ll%012c; No. 1 hardshell. 13-81»Hc;
No. 2, ll@ll%c; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils.
10%c for I X U 10%o for Ne Plus Ultras and
8%c for Languedoc; Peanuts. 6®7c for Kast
ern; Pecans. H^13c: CocoanuU". $4 60@5; Cali
fornia Chestnuts, 10$?15c per lb. i
HONEY — Comb, new. 12®14c for white and
Pfrlle for amber: new water white extracted,
5%@<te; light amber extracted, 4%®<5%c; dark,
f BEESWAX— 27©29c per lb.
'Provisions.
Chicago ,wa» lower again, the receipts of
Hogs being larger than expected. The.West
ern packers are not supporting the market,
and in fact, are charged with assisting the
decline in order to force down the price of
Hogs. . -
Further fluctuations are noted In this mar
ket, especially In barreled Beef and Pork,
both ¦¦ of which are lower. Hams and Lard
are also very weak, with quotations tending
downward, as will be seen. Trade Is nothing
extra, and in fact most houses quote it dull.
1 CURED MEATS — Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy. ;12%c for light medium. 14 %o for light.
15%o for extra light, 18%c. for sugar-cured
and - 19%c for extra sugar- cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. 14%c; California Hams.
13%c; Mess Beef. $11 50 per bbl; extra Mess.
$12@12 50; Family. $13; prime M«m Pork. $1S;
extra clear, $24; Mess,. $19; Dry. Salted Pork.
12c; PiK Pork. $28; Pigs' Feet, $5 25; Smoked
Beef. 16c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted . at ¦ 7% c per lb for
compound and 9c for pure; half barrel? pure,
9%c; 10-lb tins. 9%c; 6-lb tins. 9%c; 3-lb tins.
10c.
COTTOLENE^ — One half barrel, 9%c; three
half barrels. 9%c: one tierce. 9%c; two tierces,
9c; five tierces, 8%e per lb. ¦>
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
"".Wool is reported. in poor shape by the local
.trade, as buyers are doing nothing and allow
ing receipts to accumulate. The feeling la
weak, but prices are no lower.
Hops are reported firm and in very fair
demand ¦ everywhere. The condition of , the
New York market ia stated in the first column.
Hides continue more or less weak. - both here
and in the East, though quotations show no
further' change.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. - Heavy salted
Steers. 9c; medium. 8c; light. 7 %c; Cow Hides.
7%c for heavy and 7%c for light: Stags 5c;
Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal, 10c: Salted Calf,
10%@llc; dry Hides. 15t; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf. 18c; Sheepskins, shearlings, . 25@30c each;
short Wool. 40@60c each; medium. 70@90c;
long Wool, $1@1 50 each: Horse Hides, salt.
$2 75 for large and $2@2 50 for medium $1 25
it I 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides,
dry. $1 75 for large and $1 60 for medium $1@
1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins
— Dry Mexican. 32c; dry. salted Mexican, 23c;
dry Central American, 32c. Goat Skins — Prime
Angoras. 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium,
35c; small 20c. ttRMJMnpMVIM&MM
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%c per lb; No.
2, 4c; grease. 2%@3c
WOOL— Fall clip — San Jbaquln Lambs' 9®
lie; Middle County, ll@12c; Northern Free.
ll@12c; Northern Defective. lO^lle: Humboldt
and Mendoclno.' 12f$14c; Nevada, 13015c; Ore
gon, fine, 18@19c; Oregon medium, 17c per lb.
HOPS— 2O@23c per lb. .
Meat Market.
Hogs continue to decline, partly owing to
the light demand and partly to the decline at
Chicago, where receipts are increasing again.
Mutton- shows an advancing tendency, as the
supply is falling off again. Live Lambs am
now generally quoted 'by. the. pound. Instead
of by the head.^ Veal is steady, with fractional
variations. There- Is no change in Beef, which
Is in ample supply.
gfSSJGESi^ DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers t« dealers
are as follows: • ¦-¦;:•
BEEF — 6@7o for Steers and 51?6c per lb for
Cowb. - ¦•...¦¦- .... .-.
• VEAL— Large. 7®8%e: email. 8«9%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%@8%c; i Kwes. 8®$hc
per lb. - ¦ ' - **
• LAMB T -9%@10c per lb.
PORK-^Dressed Hogs, : 7%@9c per lb.
"V .*;. MARKET.
The following. quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered "In . San Francisco. less 60
per cent shrinkage for 'Cattle:
CATTLE — 8teers.8®9c: Cows and Heifers,
7@8c; • thin Cows." 4Q -5c : per pound. .--.-•¦
CALVES- ; —4@4%c. per pound- (gross weight).
.'SHEEP— Wethers. 3%@4c; Ewes, 3%&3%c
per, pound (gross weight). '.
. : LAMBS — 4%®5o per lb/ .v •'
HOGS— Live Hogs. 150. to 250 Ibn. 5%©5%c;
tinder 150-lbs. 6@5%c; Sows/ 20 per cent off;
Boars. 60 per cent off. and Stags,- 40 per cent
off ; from ' above quotations. '
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 6@3%c; San Quentln.
5.55c; Wool -Bags. 32@35c; Fleece Twine 7%
©8c; Cotton Fruit Bags. 6% c, 6%c and 7%"c for
the three grades; Brown Jute, 6%@7%c - '
-'CANNED FRUITS — The California Fruit
Canners' Association- quotes the following: price
list for 1903 stock:
"¦ . . ¦ • -w ' ¦ w ai oo
FRUITS.' 'w §" ; £ •
' : ¦ . : »{ •[.¦; r 1 ...
Apple* . . ....... ..... $1- 55 $1 30 $1; 20 $1 10
Apricota*T:"r.;:.7rr;;v. ; r.... 135 l 25 ....
Blackberries f'r.TTr^TTrr. 1 60 1 40 1 30 1 20
Cherries. R. A...*.....".: 2 15 1 IWi 1 70 1 40
Cherries,: white ....... ••"" 1 75 1 60 1 35
Cherries, -black .:.....". 2 00 1 75 1 60 1 35
Grapes .: ......:.... 1-38 1 20 1 10 1,CO
Yellow Free Peaches:.;: ...V. 140'.^:. ....
Lemon Cling Peaches... 180 1 60 1 30 1 20
Pears -.*:.'.. .rrtTrr.TrrT: 2 oo a 73 ij.:. %-.;-
Plums -¦'.'. ...TiTtT.rr.r;; 1 35 a 15 1 or. 95
Raspberries TVZ . : . . ..'.—-. 2 50 2 25 2 10! 1 90
Strawberries .;.....-...: "2 00 :L75 1-60J 1 40
V: CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes. 2%-lb
standard. . 85c:~ Green* Peas— Baby, petlts pols.
$l'50;jpetits;pois.* $1 35;. extra. utaed, $1 15;
standard : sifted,' $1; 'standards,' S3e: marrow
fats.- s 82 %c: ' gallon, «, sifted, .$4 25; gallon,
standard/ $3 75. . " • • ,
¦-'¦'¦¦> COAL— Wellington - $8 per * ton ; ¦ New Wel
lingtons $8: SeattIe.-$6 50; Bryant.- $6 .W; Bea
ver Hill. $5 00; Stanford. $7; Rosljn. $7; Cot*
Wheat No. 2— ' ' ¦ .. _
Article* Open. High. . Low. Close,
July ¦......;.... 74% 74V4 73% 73%
De^embw 0 :. 1 !". 43% 43% 42% 42%
Mav ....:...... 43 43 42% 42%
July........... 42% 42% 42%' 42%
De°tmber O :, 2 ~. 34% 34% 84% 34%
May 36 36. 35% 35%
Janua 8 J Ork ' P !!u b 8T 11 87% 11 75 1175,
May .7..:::... .11 02% 12«. U 82% 11 85
v£^™.f%* eg-: JW^JM-'
January ....... 6M « g^ .6 .5^ 6 77%
Ja nu°arV HIbS : P . er 6 1 M% b8 6" 2 2% 6 17% 6 17%
MTy !7.. '.'....:. «30 6S2% 6 27% 6 27%
LEATHER — Sole, heavy. 20<a32c: exrr»
heavy, 30<84Oc per lb; medium 27®29c: light.
24(g26c; Rough Leather. 26^28c; Harness
Leather, heavy r..Vu.TJe for No. 1 and 3Oi8:;5c
for No. 2; medium. 30#37c: light 29ft35c:
Skirting. No. 1. 40®42e; No. 2. S6<g3Se; Collar
Leather. 15@16c per foot; Trace Leather. 4ftfp
44c; Kip. unfinished. 40<550c per lb; Veal,
finished. 50@60c per lb: Calf, finished <S5cn$l
per lb; Wax sides, ie.-rf.l7e per foot; Beit
Knife Splits. HSlUc; Rough Splits. 8@10o
per lb.
TANBARK— Ground, $20@2S per ton; stick,
$15@18 per cord.
OIL— Fish Oil Is higher. Linseed. 43c for
boiled and 47c for raw in barrels ; cases. 5c
more; Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1. 70c; Bakers'
A A. $1 10@l 12; Lucol. 44c for boiled and 42c
for raw in barrels; Lard Oil. extra winter
strained, barrels. 85c; cases. 90c; China Nut.
55@70c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot. in barrels.
75c; cases. 80c; Sperm, pure, 75c; Whale Oil.
natural white. SO^Kc per gallon; Fish Oil.
In barrels. 60c; cases. 55c; Cocoanut Oil. In
barrels 68c for Ceylon and 5oc for Australian.
- COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil in bulk.
15%c; Pearl Oil- In cases. 22c; Astral. 22c:
Star. 22e; Extra Star. 2Kc; Elaine. 28c; Eocene.
25c; - deodorlxed Stove Gasoline. In bulk, 17c;
In caaes. 23 %c; Benzine. In bulk, 13c; In cases.
l!)«.jc; Sft-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 21c; ia
cases. 27%c.
TURPENTINE— 80c per gallon In cases and
74c In drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. «%©
7c per lb; White Lead, 6%@7c. according to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $43 50®43 for local use and
$42 60^43 50 per flask for export.
SALT— The Amalgamated Salt Company
quotes as follows: Genuine Liverpool. $l4trHi;
Bales common. $1 63: Dairy, per ton. $12 ."><">:
Half "Ground. 99 75@10 25; Rock Salt. $S 5O«J
9 75; Imitation Liverpool. $12 50@13 25; Gran
ulated $12 50@13 25 per ton.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pa. y quotes as follows, per lb. in 10O-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.83c;
Powdered 5.70c: Candy Granulated. 5.70c; Dry
Granulated fine. 5.«0c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.6Oc; Fruit Granulated. 5.6Oc; Beet Granu
lated <10O-lb bags only). 5.40c: Confectioners*
A 5.60c; Magnolia A. 5.20c; Extra C. 5.10c;
Golden C 5c; "D." 4.00c; barrels. 10c more;
half barrels. 23c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb
bags' 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels 6.10c: boxes. 6.35c; H. A E. Crystal
Dominos. 8.50c per lb. No ordera taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
LUMBER — Pine, ordinary sUes. S1S4I19: ex
tra sizes higher: Redwood. $l9@C:t; Latn. »
feet $3 90#4; Pickets. $IO<$26: Shingles. $2
for No 1 and $1 50 for No. 2: Shakes. $13 for
split and $14 for sawn: Rustic. $23©31.
Bay $5 50: Greta. *7: Waftsend. $7; Rich
mond. $7 60: Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
Jli 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel, $s 50 per ton: CoTs.e, $11 50®
13 per ton in bulk and $15 in «acks: Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 80 per long ton. according to brand.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb 3Ue;
caaes. regular. 4c: cases extra larg<\ 4V*p;
Eastern style. 6%c: boneleso 4%e: "Norway.*'
4%c; "Narrow Gauge." 5c; "Silver King."
6%c: blocks. "Oriental," 5c; blocks "Spa
bright," 6%c; tablets. 6c; middles. eii#7>-ic:
fancy boneless. 8gs%c : pickled Cod. bbls.
$7 50; rlckl.-d Cod half bbls $4 5O.
CORDAGE— Manila ia lowe'r. The locul
company quotes as follows. 60 days or % p«»r
cent discount for cash, no sales under 10.000
lbs: Manila. 14%c; SI.«al. lie; Duplex 10c;
Bale Rope. lOigllc per lb.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— 12%©15e f&r strietir
prime to fancy washed; 11%@12%c for prim*
washed; 10%<§ll%c for good washed; 10>©lUo
Tor good to prims washed p»a berry; RVa<»10n
for good to prime peaberry; 9"910*,c for gorui
to prime; 7%©8%c for fair; 4%fi7c for com
mon to ordinary. Salvadoi- — 11 'q 12c nominal
for strictly prime washed; 9<i?llc for good tr»
prim© washed: ,«m»c for fair washed; 9i a t*10Uc
for, fair to primo washed peaberry;.- 8'4<gs*i(?
for good to prime semi-washed; 7 T *<F|8%c for
superior unwashed; 7%®7%c for good green
unwashed: 7%©8%e for good to superior un
washed peaberry; 4%®6%c for inferior to or
dinary. Nicaragua— 11 %@13c nominal for
prime to fancy washed; SfJlOc nominal for
fair to strictly good washed; 7®7%c for good
to superior unwashed; 7%©8c for good to prime*
unwashed peabe-rry. Guatemala and Mexican —
13%@15c nominal for fancy washed: 11%®1Sc
for prime to strictly primo washed; 104$ 10% o
for strictly good washed; 9V»®9%c for good
washed: 7%©8%c for fair washed: 6V4t(7%o
for medium; 4%tJ6c for inferior to ordinary;
S%'fflO%c" for fair to prime washed peaberry;
7%©8%c nominal for good to superior un
washed; 5 l 4^7%c for ash-damaged.
CHICAGO, Nov. 10.— With lower cables,
evidently reflecting free i offerings of Russia
and - Argentine stocks, heavy receipts in the
Northwest and excellent • weather for a ; con
tinuance of the movement to market, wheat
opened weak, December a shade to %@%c low
er at 77%@77%o. This option, during a flurry
by buying by shorts to take profits, touched
77%c. Selling w« resumed with renewed
vigor later under the influence of the ; corn
weakness and Bradstreet's - report of an in
crease of 7.406.000 bushels- in . the world's visi
ble eupply and December touched -the bottom
at 76 7-8c. Indications of an unfavorable turn
of the weather In the Northwest checked the
selling movement, but the closing tone was
barely steady, December being ,%@%o down
at 77%c .' _
Elevator Interests sold December corn on
a liberal scale, and the price underwent a
sheer descent of lc, during which a number of
stop loss orders were executed. The finish
was weak, December %@lo unSer yesterday at
Oats were dull and weak in sympathy with
corn. December closed %@>%o depressed at
Provisions dacllned in sympathy with corn
and closed auiet. Pork closed 22%o lower at
$U 75: lard? 10@12%c down at $6 75@6 77%.
and ribs 7%c under yesterday at $8 17%.
The leading futures ranged as follows; .
Chicago Grain Market.
Fair local demand for Flour and Millstuffs.
Fran very weak and heavily offered. Middlings steady.
Hay selling very well, with moderate receipts.
Beans still weak and quiet. Seeds inactive.
Butter market absorbing, the heavy receipts. Cheese weak.
Eggs in improved demand and advancing again.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins generally quiet.
Provisions zveak, with Hams, Lard and barreled goods lower,
Wool still dull, with buyers holding <ftf.
Hops quoted very steady, with a good demand.
Further decline in Hogs here and in the West.
Mutton advancing slightly under decreasing supplies:
Beef in sufficient supply and unchanged.
Hides and Leather quiet and weak here and elsewhere.
Fish Oil marked up 5c per gallon. Other Oils unchanged.
Good Potatoes firm. Choice Onions higher.
Rains and frosts cut down receipts of Summer Vegetables.
Poultry firmer. Game weak, with Ducks lower.
Cool weather checks trading in fresh Fruits.
Manila Cordage marked dozen.
Silver and Sterling Exchange still lower.
Shipment of $10,211 in specie to Hongkong.
Wall-street Stocks unsettled and irregular.
Rather more trading in local Securities.
Wheat Freights still low, with plenty of idle tonnage.
Wheat and Barley quiet at about prrjious prices.
Oats steady. Corn and Rye continue dull.
•alM, $2,345,000. United States bonds were
unchanged on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Hales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison » 18,200 64*4 64 61%
Atrhlson pfd 100 89% 89% 89%
Baltimore & Ohio.. 27,100 759fc 74% 74ft
Bait & Ohio pfd.... 200 87% 87% 87V*
Canadian Pacific... 4,200 118 117% 117%
Outral of N J 156
Chesapeake & Ohio. 900 29% 28% 28%
Chicago & Alton... 400 28 27% 28
Chi & Alton pfd , .• .. .. «3%
Chi Great Western 000 15 14% 14%
Chi O W B pfd ;..', 2«%
Chicago & N W 1«3%
Chi Term & Trans. 100 8 8 8
Chicago T & T pfd. 200 17 17 .17
C. C. C & St Louis 71
Colorado Southern. 200 12 12 12
Colo South 1st pfd. 200 82% . 52% 52%
Colo South 2d pfd. 600 20% 20 2OVi
Delaware & Hudson 200 153 153 153%
Del. Lack A West. 200 230% 230% 230
Denver & Rio G... 100 19W 19^4 19
Den & Rio G pfd. 100 65% 65% 65%
Erie 10.900 ¦ 26% 26% 26%
Erie .let pfd 800 66% 68 66
Erie 2d pfd 1,800 48% 43 48%
Great Northern pfd . ... ¦ 160 ¦ •
Hocking Valley 70
Hocking Val pfd.. 100 80 80 ' 60.
Illinois Central 1,800 130% 129% 130%
Iowa Central .... 19
Iowa Central pfd .... .... 82
K C Southern 100 16% 16% 16%
K C Southern pfd 20%
Louis & Nash 2.500 100% ©9% 100
Manhattan L 10,900 139% 138U 138%
Metropolitan St Ry. 7,100 112 110% 111%
Minn & St Louis.. 200 45 44 44
Missouri Pacific 20,300 89% 88% 89*4
Mis. Kan & Tex... 200 17 .17 16%
M. K&Tpfd. . 600 35 34% 35
Ntl RR of Mex pfd 37
New York Central. 10,000 11T% 115% II614
Norfolk & Western. 11.500 - 66% 65% 65%
Nor & West pfd .. .... ..86-
Ontario & Western. 3,600 20% 19% 19%
Pennsylvania 241,200 116% 114% 114%
p. c. c &st louIb.- ..... .....:.. r.5
Reading 15,200 44% 42% 43%
Reading let pfd 200 77 77 76
Heading 2d pfd 100 69% 69% 60
Rock Island Co 5,900 24 23% 23%
Rock Island Co pfd. 1,000 69 57% 59%
St L & S F 63
StL & SF 1st pfd.. ..... .... 60,
StL & SF 2d pfd.. 400 45U 45 44%
St Louis S W 200 12% 12% 12%
St Louis SW pfd.. 200 30 .80 30
St Paul 11,900 138% 137% 137%
Et Paul pfd. .... 172
Southern Pacific... 4.600 41% 41% 41*4
Southern Railway.. 6.800 17% 17 17%
Southern Ry pfd... 1.000 74 73%' 73
Texas & Pacific 1,800 22% 22% 22%
T. St Jj & W 100 17U 14Vi 17ii
T. St L & W pfd 28 Vi
Union Pacific...... 77,300 71% . 70% 70%
Union Pacific pfd.. 400 86 85^4 85%
Wabash 8IK> 19 ¦ 18% 18%
Wabash pfd 4.700 32% 31% 82%
Wheeling & L E 14%
Wisconsin Central.. 600 15W 15 15
Wisconsin Cent pfd. 500 34% 33% 33?i
Express Companies —
Adams • .... .... 223
American I8R
United States 100
Wells Fargo 100 200 200 195
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 63.100 38% 36 38%
Amer Car & Found. 1,300 19% 18% 10
Amer C & F pfd.. 100 65V4 -65V4 6«
Amer Lin CM1 9
Amer Lin Oil pfd 26
Amer Loco 200 12% 12% 12%
Amer Loco pfd .... 200 73% 73% 74 "-i
Amer Smelt & Ref. 2,100 42% 42% 42%
Amer S & R pfd 86%
Amer Sugar Ref-..' 2,60ft 115% 114V4 115%
Anaconda Mln Co.. 200 66 «5 fiO
Brooklyn Rap Tran. 24,500 07% 36 37
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 600 28% 26 28%
Columbus & H Coal .: 9%
Consolidated Gaa .. COO ITS 177 < 177
General Electric .. 200 149 . \V>< 148
International Paper 100 10%,^'l0% 10%
Inter Paper pfd .. 100 61% 61% fil
Inter Pump 30
Inter Pump pfd r,S
National Biscuit 34%
National Lead 100 12 12 11%
North American .. 100 71% 71% 70%
I Pacific Mall l.fiOO 27% 27 27%
People's Gas 300 03% »3V4 93%
Pressed Steel Car.. $00 25% 25% 25%
Pressed Steel C pfd 66%
Pullman Pal Car 215
Republic Steel 100 7 7 6%
Republic Steel pfd. 3,200 49% 4S% 48%
Rubber. Goods ' 13%
Rubber Goods pfd. .'. , <59
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 2.200 27 25% 2C%
U S Leather 2,000 7>-l 7% -7%
V S Leather pfd. 100 75%' 75% 75%
U S Rubber 8
U S Rubber pfd 35%
US Steel 65.200 10% 10 1OU,
U S Steel pfd ....220,000 51 % 40% SOTi,
Western Union .. 700 S3 82% 82%
Northern Securities 87
Total shares sold.813,600
NEW YORK STOCK LIST. •
U S ref 2s reg...lO6% L & N Unl 4s... 9S%
IT S ref 2s coup..l0«% Man con gold 4s..lO2"4
U S 3s reg 108 Mexican Cent 4s.. 71 Vj
U S 3s coup 108 Mex Cent let Inc. 14%
U S new 4s rep.. 134% Minn & St L 4s.. 97
TJ 8 new 4a coup. 134% Mo.Kans & T 4s. 07%
U S old 4s reg...lll Mo. K & T 2ds... 75%
US old 4s coup. .111 N RR Mem con4s. 74
U S 5s reg 101^4 NYC gen 8y.s.. M»%
U S 5s coup 101 !4 N J C gen 5e....l29%
Atchison gen 4s.. 100 Nor Pacific 4s.. .101 *£
Atchison adj 4s.. 86% Nor Pacific 3s... 70
Atlantic C L 4s.. 92 Nor & W con 4s.. 97
Bait & Ohio 4s.. .100% Or S L 4s&partlc. 91%
Bait & Ohio 3%s. 05 Pa. ronv 3%s 95'4
Cent of Ga 5n 104 Reading gen 4s.. 90%
Cent Oa 1st Inc.. 66 S L & I M con5s.H0 T i
Ches & Ohio 4%S.1O1 S L. & S F fg 4s. 81%
Chgo & Alt 3%s.. 72% S L, Soweatn lsta. 92
C. B & Q new 4s. 93% Seaboard A L 4s. 67%
C, M & S Pgen4s.llO Southern Pac 4s.. 86%
C & NW con 7a. .130% Southern Ry 5s.. 112%
C, R I & P 4s... 72 Tex & Pac lsts.,117
C. R I & P col5s. 72% T, St L & W 4s.. C9%
CCC & S L gen4s. 46% Union Pac 4s 102%
Chgo T>rm 4s 75% Union P coriv 4s.. !¦:};»
Cons Tobacco 4s.. 54% U S Steel 2ds 5s.. 66
Colo & So 4s...... 85 Wabash lsts 113%
D & R G 4s 99% Wabash deb B....55K
Erie Drior lien 4s.. 98% W & L E 4s..... f>7%
Erie gen 4s 83% Wla Central 4s... SO
F W & D C l«s.l0fl% C F & I con 5s.. 06%
Hocking Val 4%s.lO5%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams 10 Uttle Chief 07
Alice 14 Ontario .....4 60
Breece : 10 Ophlr ....130
Brunswick Con.... 04 Phoenix 07
Comstock Tunnel.. 05 Potosi ......... r.. 10
Con Cal & Va.... 95 Savage :. 1G
Horn Silver 1 <tt Sierra Nevada.... 34
Iron Silver ... 1 SO Small Hlpes 15
Leadville Con 02 Standard ........ .2 00
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — | Westing Com ..¦. 66
Tall loans 4%@5 Mining—
Time loans .....6%@C Adventure 4
Bonds— Allouez ....;..... 4%
Atchison 4s ..... 09% Amal Copper ... 38%
Mex Central 4s... 68 Daly West .•}«*;
Railroads — Bingham .:.....; 21%
Atchison 64% Calumet A Hecla.440
Do pfd /....... 89% Centennial 16%
Boston & Albany.248 Copper Range ... 45'
Boston & Malne.171 Dom Coal....... 74
Boston Elev 140 Franklin ........ 7%
N Y,'N II AH.. 195 Isle Royale .;;.- 5
Fitchburg pfd ..135 Mohawk ..."...... 36%
Union Pacific... 71 Old Dom" ...10%
M«>x Central .'.... 8% Osceola 66
Miscellaneous — Parrot ;.. .17
Amer Sugaj* .....115% |Qulncy - 85%
Do pfd 11R% Santa-Fe Copper. 1%
Araer Tel A Tel..l2«%lTamarack 90
Dom Iron A Steel. 8 Trinity ........„• rw
Gen Electric ....146 United States .... 17%
Mass Electric ... 18% Utah ............ 27%
Do Dfd ........ 76 . Victoria ......... 2%
United Fruit .... 90 Wlnona ......... 8%
U S Steel ... 10 Wolverine ....... 65
Do pfd .... 60%
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Cons for moneyR7 13-16 N Y Central ....121%
Cons for ace t.. 87 15-1«5 Nor A West...... 58
Anaconda ......u 3% Do pfd ........ SO <
Atchison 68% Ont A West. . . . . . . 20%
Do pfd 92% Pennsylvania :..¦. 61%
Bal A Ohio V 77% Rand Mines ..... 9%
Can Pacific .... .121% Reading ..../.... 22%
Ches A Ohio... .. 30% Do 1st pfd.:.'.. 40
Chi Great West.". 15% Do 2d pfd...... .'{1%
Chi, Mil A St P. .142% So Railway ...... 18%
De Beers ....... 20% Do pfd 76'-
Den A Rio G.... 19% So Pacific ....... 42%
Do pfd ........ 69 Union Pacific,....' 73%
Erie 27% Do pfd ...:.... 87
Do 1st pfd.'..:.' 68 U 8 Steel ...-....: 10%
Do 2d pfd...... 50 Do pfd 61%
111 Central 135% Wabash ......... 19%
Louis A Nash. ..103% Do prd .:..... . ; 3$V,
Mo. Kans AT... 16Ti . •_ * : \
. Bar silver — Quiet. 27d per ounce. '
Money — 3%@4 ' per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market' for
short bills is 4% per cent and for three months'
bills 4% per cent. . '- ¦'..• .¦#;•;:•¦¦ ¦'."- -7
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
PLUMS— Coe's late red. 60c per box.
GRAPES — 35®50e for small boxes, 50-g73a
for crates and 75c@$l 50 for large open boxes.
NUTMEG MELONS— 50@S5o per box.
' CITRUS FRUITS— Valencia Oranges. $2©
8 50 per box: Lemons.' $192 5O per box; Grape
Fruit. • $1 50<52 50; Mexican Limes, $4©4 60:
Bananas. $1 60@2 per bunch for Hawaiian and
$2 50<?3 25 for Central American; Pineapples,
$2®2 50 per dozen. '
RASPBERRIES— $5@7 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRD3S — Nominal.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. $11911 60; Jer
seys, $10-310 75 per bbl; Ctoos Bay, $2 50^3 per
box.
APPLES— 90c©$l 25 per box for fancy. 500
85c for good to choice and 25<340c for common.
PEARS — $1©1 25 per box for fancy Winter
Nellis and 50@75c for other varieties.
QUINCES — 10@60c per. box. .
FIGS — 50c®$l per box.
POMEGRANATES— 75®85e for small boxes
and $1 50®2 60 for large.
PERSIMMONS— «0c©$l per box.
STRAWBERRIES— Longworths. $6*813 per
chest; large Berries. |2©4 for Maltndaa and
$5®6 for the ether. varieties.
¦ The cold weather had a depressing. effect on
the; fruit market and checked trade in several
descriptions, particularly In Grapes • and Ber
ries. Receipts of Raspberries and large Straw,
berries, * while more liberal . than .on the ' pre
ceding day, were not very heavr and prices
ranged lower. Longworth Strawberries formed
a -very small percentage of the receipts and
prices were firmer. 'Grapes in large boxes were
easy, receipts being liberal and the carry-over
from. the preceding day large. The top quota
tion was an extreme figure for fancy Muscat
and Black and was obtained only for small
parcels. Crates and small boxes were In mod
erate receipt and . steady. . The Apple market
was quite active "and fancy offerings' of the
red varieties, such as Spltzenbergs and Bald
wins, which were in small supply, met with a
good demand. An assorted carload of fancy
Oregon stock was marketed. The car con
tained quite a few Spltzenbergs. which were
offering at $2 25 per box. Christmas Apples
appeared from Coloma and were offering at $3
per box. but were not sold, having arrived too
late for the regular trade. Figs were offering
in small quantities and sold slowly at unsteady
prices. Prices of all other deciduous fruits
stood as previously quoted.
A carload of new Jaffa Oranges from Paler
mo was marketed and offered at $2 50®3 per
box, but . moved slowly owing to the cold
weather. Otherwise there was nothing new
to report in Citrus fruits. . '
Deciduous and Citrus Fruit*.
2 p.m. Session.
May— $1 13. _
Dec— 11 13%.: > .
OATS — There ia the usual seeding and feed
ing, demand observable at this time of the year,
and as receipts are not too ' heavy : the market
keeps steady, without excitement.
White. $1 20®l 32%; Black. $1 40@l 62%:
Red, SI 20@l 25 for feed and $1 25^1 35 for
seed; Gray. $1 22%@1 27% per ctl. ."....
CORN — The market is again quoted dull, with
buyers doing no more purchasing than necessary
to keep up their stocks. " Prices are rather easy
than otherwise. *
Western sacked, $1 S0@l 82% for Yellow.
$1 30#l 32% for White and $1 80 for mixed;
California large Yellow, ¦ $1 S5@l 40; small
round do, 51 50i3<1 60; White. $1 35@1 40 per
cental.
RYE— ?1 25®1 80 per ctl. There is very lit
tle demand.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25@2 50 per ctl.
Feed, $1 13%@1 16% ; Shipping and Brewing,
$1 20@l 23; Chevalier, $1 20-3-1 45 for fair, to
choice. ' ¦¦ .
:
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m. '¦..¦
Open. High. ¦ Low. . Close.
December ...$1 13% $1 18J4 $1 13% $1, 13 T /»
May 1 13% 1 13% 113%, 113%
CASH BARLEY.
. • - "2 p. ml Session.
sales. .
' BARLEY— The feeling is steady, but the cash
demand Is nothing extra at the i moment and
quotations remain unchanged.
. Open. High. IjOW. Close.
December ;..$1 88%" $1 88% $1 38% $1 38%
May .:...... 1 87^ 1 37V* 1 37H 187%
FUTURES.
Session 8 to 11 :30 a. m.
California Club. $1 40<3>l 45: California White
Australian, $1 50@l 55; Northern Club, $1 400
1 42%; Northern Bluestem, $1 50@l 55; Oregon
Valley, $1 40@l 45 per ctl. -
CASH WHEAT.
WHEAT . FREIGHTS— The market continues
very low.'wlth not much business on the spot,
end that ; mainly ; for- Barley, at an average
rate of- 12s 6d, - usual 'European options. - The
chartered Wheat fleet ; in port has a registered
tonnage of 22.240, against 46,400 tons on the
same date last year; disengaged, 128.950 tone,
against 50,200; on the way to this port; 212,288
tons, against 187,800. • . . - ¦¦•--¦
) WHEAT— Foreign cables still report indiffer
ent European markets. BradstreefS; gives the
world's supply an increase for the week of .7,
500.000 bushels. > • ¦
-There was no particular news from Chicago,
which was lower on the day. A Board of Trade
operator, in a Btatement to the press, said:
Vlf there is no mishap in the Argentine we will
have a new competitor in selling .Wheat by Jan
uary 1.' It looks as if there would be a crop
there'of over • 100.000,000 bushels, and the only
thing that can now overcome it is wet weather.
It does not look like a bullish situation, with
this country almost 40,000,000 bushels behind
last year In its exports." -
This market stands about • the same. There
Is no pressure either to sell or buy, and a. fair
movement is : in ' progress. Prices show no ap
preciable change from day. to day.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, cables..... ...- — 4 85W
New. York Exchange, sight.. V . — 02$i
New York : Exchange, ; telegraphic . . — . . . .' 05
Silver, per ounce. ¦ . — ¦ . ¦ "68^»
Mexican dollars. .-. . ~. . . . V '. . • ' — ; • . : 44Va
40c for small and mixed colors : store, nom
inal; cold storage. 27^®32^c; Eastern. 27%©
30c for fresh and 25226c. for. cold storage.. ¦
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues quiet, ¦ with demand moderate, but as
supplies are . light' there is little pressure to
sell. Common are quoted at '4@5%c; prime.
f>y»@Gc; choice.' <i'/»#0%c; fancy. 7c. ..
PKUNES — Remain quiet. .Stocks are fairly
literal and the demand ¦ JobbinK ' in .character.
Quotations range from 2>4c to 7c- for all grades.
APRICOTS — Are without . special feature at
the moment. Choice are quoted at 9@i*&c; ex
tra choice. lOWGll&c; fancy. ll@12^c..
PEACHES— Ruled generally quiet. Choice
are hard at 7V4©7\c; extra • choice, 7%@8%c;
fancy. Ol4©l(H4c. -' . . . i .
points. Kales, were 55,000 bags, includins: De
cember 5.75c; January, ." 5. 80@5. 85c;- March,
5.*5@tJ.br>c; April, 0.10c; May, G@6.20e; July,
H.10@(l.30c; September. ••6.25@fl.40c;--; October,
e.45c. '• ----. ¦."¦ ' \
BUGAR — Raw, nominal; refined; quiet;
DRIED FRUITS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL;' WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 11. 1?Q3.
| EASTERN MARKETS.
LOCAL -MARKETS: t j
Continued on Page Thirteen.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION SALES
RED RIBBON SPEED SALE
TROTTING STOCK,
Consisting of half sisters of Directum 2;0&«i.
John A. McKerron 2:06»-i, Ray Rum 2:25t«.
Algrefor 2:11. etc.. and the finest looking
TROTTERS and PACERS ever offered, by
such «ires aa MeKinney 2:ini. Rey Direct
2:10. Direct 2:05*^. Chas. Derby 2:20. Diablo
2:<>»i;. Silver 'Bow 2:1», Owyhee 2:11. Stein-
way 2:23»i. Hart Boawell. Geo. Washington
2:lb«i. Monterey 2:00«.i. Dexter Prince. Guy
MeKinney. Prince Nutwood 2:11U, Almoni-
tlon 2:24%. etc.. consigned by Messrs. H. C.
Sanders, Jas. H. Gray. p. Foley. O^o. A.
Davis, P. J. Williams, thes. Smith. C. Becker.
.E. C. Archer. K M. La Selle and other well-
known horsemen.
NINE OF THE FINEST BROKE SHETLAND
PONIES. SURREY AND FOUR-IN-
HAND HARNESS.
A Span of Spotted Plntos, Saddle Horses. Well-
Matched Teams. Fine Roadsters. Mares
With Records. Young Stallions, etc. ¦
TUESDAY EVENING, NOVEMBER 17, 1903,
Commencing at 7:30.
Occidental Horse Exchange
246 1 hire! St. Near f olsom
, r WM. G. LAYNG. Livestock Auctioneer.
Horses at yard Saturday. Nov. 14, until
evening of sale.
<rv_ . REGULAR WEEKLY AUCTION SALB
j*-** at ARCADE HORSE MARKET 327
SIXTH ST.. WEDNESDAY. November 11 at
11 a. m. 33 head of ALL PURPOSE HORSES
1 and MARES. Horses must be as represented
or money refunded. JOHN J. DOYLE, Auc-
tloneer. *THE FAN FB A-NCJSCO GALL. WEDNESDAY; NOVEMBER 1 1, 1903.
12
.(-: -''- ¦¦ FLATS 'yo .LET. -¦ /.
A — HOUSES and flata to let: an immense list;
tervice absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
st, on the square.
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses are
listed in our renting department; let us give
you a list and help you find one In the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FUHNITURE
COMPANY. 1039 Market st; services abso-
lutely free. '
JONES. .510. near O'Farrell — Rear lower flat,
three sunny rooms; large cellar: rent $15.
ELLIS. 810. nr. Polk— For business purposes; 3
rms.; all conveniences! electric light, power.
$18— Upper flat to let. 518 Jersey, near Twen-
ty-fourth: 5 rooms and bath. • '
FLATS FOR SALE FURNISHED.
$375 — 6 ROOMS and bath; handsome- carpets
and furniture; worth double; before 12 or
after 6 p. m. 354 Oak st.
PLATS WASTED,
UNFURNISHED flat of 4 rooms, centrally lo-
cated, is. wanted for man and wife: no chil-
dren; price $15 to $1S. Address box 3422. Call.
yiKAITUKK FOlt SALE.
$20 WILL buy furniture of a 3-room flat If
sold to-day; rent $5. 52 Jessie st.
FURNITURE WASTED.
A. WOLLPERT 773 phone Red 4462,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST price for furniture and md>e. L. H.
BURP. auctloneer.lSIS Mkt. ;tel.Howard 2756.
FACIAL MASSAOS.
A — WRINKLES removed; fine complexion guar-
anteed, new method: 50c. M. LUTON, mant-
curing pariors. 7H4 I.arkln st. : phone Polk 17.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
WANTED — 2 cooks, no washing,' $35 ; 4 German
cooks, $30. $35; parlor -maid, $25; 4 second
girls. ~ $20, |25; cook.'- students, $38; cook,
boarding-house, $30, Berkeley; 4 waitresses
tor commercial hotel, country, fare ' paid, $25;
:: waitresses, city, $l!0, $25; nurse for institu-
tion, $20; 2 Institution laundresses,' $20 and
$25; ' kitchen helper, : $25, in home; dining-
room . girl, sanitarium, : $20; laundress - and
cleaning, small boarding-house, $30; cook,
ranch, t25: 40 houseglrls, city and country,
$20, $25. $30. Apoly to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 334 Sutter St. - - .
AT S. F. EMP. BUREAU, 17 Fourth st.
Girl for office, city. $15 to $20. raise.
Woman, housework, Oakland, $30 found.
Waitress, private,' city, 525 to $30 found.
Girl, housework, city, $:J0 fd, 2 In family.
S. F. EMP. BUREAU, phone Grant 26.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish In 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladles, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class.- 143 Stockton st, r. 13.
A— WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
'.in 'Z weeks; $5 to' those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to flll immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10. per week up; leading school tn
West. 233 Geary st. room 13.
A— LADIES to learn all branchea halrdresslng
. trade;, manicuring, massage. : etc.; • 1236 Mar-
ket ft, cor, Jones, room 94; positions secured
. . at highest wages; day and eve. .class; call.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECE3SARY:
PAID SALARY. '-. LEVI STRAUSS A CO.'S
FACTORIES. 324 FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION, NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WANTED — Protestant working housekeeper . in
.family of 3; wages $15. Call 621 York st,
after , 1 p. m. i : ' -. . . . .
WANTED — A young girl to help with general
housework; German preferred.- Call at 675
Geary st. . ' .
A NEAT, respectable girl; light housework:
' good wages: Berkeley. Apply at 578 Mission
Et.. room 413. ' .. - ;
WANTED — A girl for housework and laundry.
Apply 1102 Van Ness ave., bet 10 and 12;
references; car fare paid. ' ' ' " : v
GIRL or middle-aged woman to assist in gen-
eral housework. Apply 848 Thirtieth St., Oak-
Iand. '..'¦¦ ¦ - ": :-„ ¦ -
EXPERIENCED salesladies in veiling, hosiery.
ribbons. , JOE ROSENBERG. 816 Market st.
WANTED— Girl for second work. Call 2425
FMlmore st. 9 to 12. ' ¦ •-"
WANTED — A compositor for straight matter.
¦ Apply SANBORN. VAIL A CO., 741 Market.
WAITRESS wanted. T o2S Fourth st.
FINISHER on coats; steady position. § L. - J.
; * BORCK. 10"! New Montgomery st..nr.Mlsslon.
GIRL wanted to assist with light chamber
work; must understand sewing. 1124 Gougn.
WANTED— A girl to assist In general hous«-
work and plain cooking. 1620 Geary st.
ARM waitress; 6 days; $9 a week: lunch and
dinner waitress. $6 a week. 631 Clay st. ¦...-
GIRL, general; housework: small family; ref-
• erencea;, wages. $25. ¦ 1634. Fell st. - -.' - v
EXPERIENCED saleslady steady , for candy
...: atore at 1409 Polk st. ; call after 10 a. m.
WANTED— Reliable Protestant | girl for a per-
manent position to care for grown children
and , help with housework; - references re-
qulred. Address ; box 2930. Call office.
GIRLS about 15 for factory work; good wages.
Apply at once. AMES A HARRIS. 100 Sao-
' ramento st. ' / ' " ---'¦.
WANTED— Young • girls of - good families to
learn stock keeping. Apply between 9 and
10 a. m., I/;MAGNIN ; & CO.. 43-53. Ellis st
W ANTED^Girl for - wrapping desk. Apply, at
LIVINGSTON BROS.; 123-9 Post st ; "- ?
WANTED — First-class V finisher on A coats;
. wages $10 up per, week. 1103 Market st
GIRL." general ' housework; . may ? aleep home if
des'.red. .= 1C63 • Market ; at. j upstalra. ; .
TALENTED ' amateur performers. Apply .'> at
Chutes 6 1 p.' m. Wednesday ; . salary no object
FIRST i CLASS stenographers I furnished. ; Miss
•)." M . G.'» Barrett. '• lnatructor. , 302 j Montgomery.
ADVERTISEMENTS ' aubscriptloOT received at
Call Branch of flee. ; cor.^ Duncan * Church ata."
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received ; at Call . branch ¦ office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for^call advertisements and
* subscriptions " bos ' been ¦- established ¦ at 1096
'. - Valencia" st." :'¦' ¦¦-•¦¦'. *¦* '-¦¦/- >'-v- : " •>¦- ¦¦¦'•¦ -¦-¦"- "-?
;/.- '.," HELP ¦WANTED— MALE. ¦ ;-. , .: ¦¦
WANTED— For f ¦ U ',; 8. b. Marins ' OoiW ' able-
V, bodied ' unmarried men, between 21 aad 33;
; good ' character; i must speak.'; read ; and ..writs
' , English ; ¦¦ marines * serve S at * ssa \ on I men-of -
war. In all parts of the world, on land in our
¦ -' island " possessions ; and at f naval * stations . In
the United " States. Apply « at '. recruiting s of.
<¦ flee.t 40 Ellis st: 8*n ; Francisco, 1 Cal.. and
401 Ket.. Sacramento. Cal.'
BUSINESS CHANCES— -Continued.
R. G. WILKE, Real Estate and Buslneaa
Agent (eatabiished 14 years). 20H Kearny
et., rooma 9 and 10.
A f lfSOO coffee aaloon arid restaurant on
the water front close to Market at. ; dolly I
recelpta about $65; bualness clearing $300 per !
month: trial given; a splendid offer: Investi-
gate at one*. Sn R. li. WILKE, 2CV&
Kearny at <
A— CIGAR aland cloe« to Market 'and Ellla
sta.; good will; $700 atock at invoice; rare
chance; beat buslneea location. Call R. G.
WILKE. 20H Kearny at. .¦.'¦-.
A — $1<«O; STATIONERY and school aupply
ntore on Geary at. ; tbls atore la kept by pres-
ent owver 16 years and will stand . closest
investigation. Call H. G. WILKE. 20 h
Kearny st
A — $000; CORNER aaloon with 3 rooma; rent
$42; surrounded by factories aad malthouaes;
$400 cash, balanoe on time; place established
years. See K. G. WILKE, 244 Kearny at.
A— $360; EMPLOYMENT office, dolnjr a good
business; must be sold at once on account
of sickness tn owner's family. Call R. G.
WILKE, 20'^ Kearoy «t
A— *4O0O; ELEOANT ond_^flrot-claea saloon
close to Market at; net rent $123; 4H years'
leaa-. Particulars R. O. WILKE. 26>4
Keerny at.
A— $350; CIGAR stand on Third et. clcse to
Call building; a good paying stand. See
R. G. WILKE. 2CH Kearny st.
A — $2650; CORNER grocery and bar with 10
years' lease; rent $60: on leading business
street south of Market; place established
years. Particulars R, G. WILKE. 26ft
Kearny st /
A — $1500; HALF interest In one of the best
comer saloons on water frcnt; lease; disagree-
ment of Dartners cause of aale; will aell
whole for $3400. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny at
A — t V~Z,0, CORNER saloon on Fourth St.. close
to S. P. freight sheds; 8 furnished rooma
1 kitchen; a good Daylng business.. See
# G. WILKE, 20^4 Kearny st.
A— $800; DAIRY oroduce and delicatessen
store: rent $22: business clears above $100
per month: llvlnr rooms; value in sight.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26',4 Kearny st
HORSESHOEING, carriage making business
for sale; owner leaving city; bargain. Fell
and Gough sts. .
FOR nle — Barber shop; 3 steady chairs; big
bargain. Western Realty Co.. 10074 Market
BAKERY for aale at 1550 Church St.: good
business; all store trade; owner going East.
WHOLE or half Interest In one of best located
aaloons in city. Box 3423. Call office.
DELICATESSEN, liquor store; good location,
for aale; r»as.; no agents. Box "A2*i. Call.
BRANCH bakery for aale. 10204 Hyde at., op-
poelte power- house. «
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN.
Room No. 406. "Examiner" building.
Phone Black 3607. Ta_*te elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date offices. Strictly business methods.
NEW AND MODERN.
47 rooms, elegantly furnished In velvet car-
pets and golden oak: electric elevators; lease
fcr 6 yearn: make offer; will clear $219.
FIRST-CLASS HOTEL— $7000. I
Cost $14,000; clears $400; aristocratic; corner. I
40 ROOMS— $3000. j
Wide halls; 2 floors; rent $100; long lease; ;
building and furniture nearly new.
15 ROOMS— MAKE OFFER.
Near First Congregational Church; clears
$65 month; owner leaving city; 1 Installment
tale. ' f
16 ROOMS— $600. !
This big fiat Is full of roomers; north of
market; rent $25: almost no work. ' !
100 ROOMS— $S0OO. !
Hotel, new and modern In every depart- ¦
ment electrio elevator: electric lights, suites
with private bcths: large commercial sample j
rooms; long leaee: special attention to tourist |
and family tra<le.
$200 DOWN. i
fi-room corner flat. 4 blocks north of Mar- i
ket: rent $30; price $CV>: newly furnished. !
- O.UR NICEST. '¦¦
TiO re -orris, new and modern; extra fine fur-*!
nifhingji; hot water in every room; very swell; i
$1000 to $1500 cash necessary: clears $170.
$4500— Clears $400 TO $5C0.
Greatest transient money house in San '
Francisco; •will clear $400 to $500 a month; i
the beet business proposition in this city; re- i
duced for quick sale to $4500; strict accounts j
kept |
22 ROOMS. !
Partly furnished house In nice location; 4 [
blocks north cf Market: full; price $f»00.
A— $3000; PRIVATE boarding-house, with 40
elegantly furnished rooms, en Van Ness ave. ;
rooms always occupied and flrst-olaes patron-
age. See R. G. WILKE, 204 Kearny st.
ELEGANT corner fiat, 6 rooms. Wet-tern Ad- j
dition; rent $•'«; cheap. $900; large lift of
houses. 6 to 200 rooms. EITEL & CARROLL.
212 Kearrr rt.
SPIRITUALISM. •
Returned — Miss C. C. Kotter circle every eve., j
10c; Mon. eve. developing circle; sittings dal-
ly; L. 50c.G. $1; card reading 25c. 34 Uth.r.12
A MUSICAL seance given by MME. STARR i
this evenine. 8 o'clock, under spirit power j
(not fn ra books); admission 2.'»c. ¦
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate- !
writing and clairvoyance; stamp for circular, i
1112 Eddy Bt.. vnr. Octavla; phone Scott SS7. I
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally, j
9:30 to 4: Sfancts Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS. ¦
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered, Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Kver in San Franc'sco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fail to tell your name, occu-
pation and what you called for; I promise to tell
you whether husband, wife or sweeth-art is true
or false; tell you who and when you will marry;
in fact I will tell you every hope, fear or ambi-
tion better than you can tell yourself; 1 will give
you luck that wina success in love, marriage, di-
vorce, business, speculation, mining, health and
lost vitality, etc.: hours 10 a. m. to S p. m. '
326 — O'Farrell et. — 326. Readings $1.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st, next Examiner
bldg. ; ehe r*ada your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In -the future: If you are In trouble,
discontented or not satisfied In life, or have
domestic, love or business troubles, consult
this great medium and you will be told how
to overcome them; valuable advice in all af-
fairs of ilfe; 25c up; satisfaction guaran-
teed; readings by mail. TeL Black 4569.
A— L-I-V-O-R-N-O,
L-I-V-O-R-N-O.
Tbe World-Renowned Palmist
and Crystal Gazer,
34 Kearny st.
Over Hammersmith A Fields. Phone Black 2435
DO NOT LOSE HOPE.
' "Madame Llvorno saved me serious mis-
takes." «ays Sarah Bernhardt Thousands say
the aamn thing. Three questiona by mail, $1.
Staid month and year, of birth.
IEMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
et, cor. Tfitk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. ; readings by mall aa satisfac-
tory aa In person: 3 questions answered, $1;
Tall life. $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't send currency. Send poatotfice,
Wells-Forgo money order or registered letter.
LIFE MYSTERIE8 REVEALED. -
MRS. DR. E. SANDERS.
Spiritual medium; only teacher of mind teleg-
raphy in the world whose system never falls
Learn it; it will bring you HEALTH,
WEALTH and LOVE. Develops mediums
and teaches occultism. Hours, JO a. m. to 8
• p. m.r 418 Post st."
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond algbt; tells tbe past present and future;
ladler COc; gents. $1; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting; $1 50. 126 Turk at.
MRS. A. H. Kronenberg,' palmist, clairvoyant,
. cord reader, will give a good reading. 10c, for
a short time only; when others fall try me to
convince yourself. 721 Franklin, near Turk.
REV. DAVIS-DA WSON— Special life read-
inga, r.Oc: absolutely free unless correct; cir-
cle to-night ; tests to all. 1 0c. 34 6th, rm. 6.
A— Mine. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th st. near Market.
OLDEST ladv palmist and card reader In city.
264 Kearny. room 20; ladies 25c; gents ¦ 50c ,
MISS WARD gives names, - dates and facts;
hours 11 a. m. to 9 p. m. 413 Mason; no sign.
MRS. E. L. DAVIS, clairvoyant cord reader.
859 Mission st., room (I — . .,-..•
MME. BARTAN, professional card reader.
2164 Sixth «t: 25c . ..-;¦',,
TEST medium, clairvoyant card reader* names
given; 25c and 50c. 10OS Harrison at, nr. 6th.'
MME. LAMAR. wonderful palmist; card read-
er; 25c. 50c. 620 Jonea at; hours 1-9 p. m.
MRS. EHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; alt-
tlngs dolly.- 4484 Jeasie at. bet 6th and 6th.
COTTAGES TO LET. '
COTTAGE — i sunny rooma. bath, basement and
very large yard. . 29 Harper at, near Thir-
tieth, bet ' Sanchei and Noe. '
COTTAGE of 7 rooms to let 419 Laurel at:
rent $30. - . . ,.,.
$27 50— 6- ROOM cottage to let - Key at Park
House, 2304 Fulton et. :
CARPET _ BEATISO -ASP ''. c i LEA yj?.?f
AIK cutnpressea, dry, ice cold. Is now unlrer-
sally - used ¦ In ¦ eanitary cleaning carpet*. • on
floor, without rerccval or injury; prioea mod-
erate. Apply 8. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANINQ CO.. Cmll bid.; phone Main 6237,
t WHEN you become . d jegu»t«d with your work
eend for SPAULDINO'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 855-357 Teharoa st ; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Worka, 1809 Har-
.rl»on at; Al cleaning; 3c; tel. Mission 223.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co., J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero st. ; tel. Mlsrton «a.
ADVANCE Carp«t Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. OEO. WALCOM A CO.. Props.,
RUDOLPH A CO.. carpet-beating works; prlcea
reasonable. 1703 Karrlaon Bt; tel.Mlsslon 2£A
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.: trlephona East !'«¦"•
COLLECTION OFFICES. ,
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC. COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooma 9-10: tel. 5586
CttEDIT CIiOTHIE3tB.
C. F. ADAMS CO. ! i.™ ?
SPECIAL CREDIT STORK.
We clothe the < whole family from hats to
rtioes; everything up to date at cash price*.
- Credit for ail. 318 Mason at. ;_;_JL_L— :
DENTISTS.
DR. GRUSS 604-5-6 Callaghan bldg.. Market
and McAllister ats.. uses the Basford Obtun-
der the only device ever Invented for' grind-
Ing* drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at office. .'¦,¦,'.
DR LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr.EIeventh
—No charge for extracting when platea are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set: extracting. 5(>c; ras given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs.: crown. $3 50: fillings. 50c;
plates, $5; full sef.all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st
PARIS Dental Parlors. 233 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Set teeth $1 50 up: crowns $2 up; fillings, 25c.
GOLD fillings 75c; silver. 35c; crowna, $2; no
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.n.Hewitt.204 Sutter
| DRESSMAKERS AXD SEASISjrKESSE^
ACCORDION sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory 110 Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST, S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branchea; day
and night cessions; illustrated catalogue fre*.
HINMAN'S Academy: a thorough ' school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk st.
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket Bt. ; special summer course in all depart-
ments: handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
chip. $50; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln at.
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
gTi.<7uates; modern methods; individual In-
struct. on. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory, school
fur thb university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening cessions. Phelan bldg.
THE PAUL GERSON School of Acting, the
foremost Institution of the kind in the entire
West; <12 teachers: send for catalogue. Native
Sons' bldg.. 414 Mason at
A— SAN FRANCISCO Buslneaa College 1236
Market st — Practical, progressive, reliable;
day and evening sessions; write for catalogue.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonla Hall. Howard St., nr.
9th. Prof. Foster; tocdety dancing taught
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln., mech., sur-
vey. assay cyanide; day eve.; eat. 13e4. Van
der Naillen School, li:: Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEAI-D'S School of Mines & Electricity. 24 Pest
et.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
GOLDEN Gate Com' I College. 630 Golden~Gati
ave.; full business course; day and evening.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day . and
PARTINGTOX'S. 424 Pine st Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mlfslon.nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post st; tel. Bush 135-
Japanesn-Chine£e employment office; fur-
nUhes beet help; contracts for farm help, etc
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GKAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415
Stockton; tel. Grant l«iS; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S3.
CHINESK and Japanese Jielp; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main lPt>7. BRADLEY &.CO-. 610 Clay.
ISMPLOYllKXT WANTED — FEMALE.
AMERICAN woman wants work by the day;
is willing; guarantee satisfaction; carpet
cleaning a specialty; fine laundress; $1 25
' flay. 174 Fourth st; one flight, room 10.
; WANTED — A position by a reliable woman as
j working housi keeper or chamber work and
j aeslst with children. 31 Eleventh St., phone
: Jessie o'201. ¦ '
RESPECTABLE- woman wishes position to do
cooking and washing; can give good refer-
ences; moderate wages; will go ahort distance
In country. Address 794 Folsozn st. *
YOUNG German girl wants general housework;
¥25 a month. California Emp. Agency, 59
Third st. phone Bush 405.
FIRST-CLASS reliable American woman wishes
a few days' work In the week, washing or'
cleaning; steady. Box 3435, Call.
A RESPECTABLE woman wants work by week
or month; good plain cook; kind to children:
reference. Address Call branch, 300 Hayea.
WOMAN wants work by the day; washing,
housecleanlng and cooking.' Address M. 11..
1006 Valencia st. '
GOOD laundress wants work by the day: $1 25
a day; no postals answered. 603 Minna st.,
" near Seventh.
A GOOD all-round dressmaker wishes work by
the day; $2 and lunch. 27B Pearl at.
EXPERT litter, lady, wishes position in large
commercial eetabllshmcnt: will only accept
offer from firm paying good salary. Box 150.
Call office. - . . . ' . • ¦" ¦ -
WANTED — Position as housekeeper In hotel or
rooming-house by experienced Eastern wo-
man; first-class references; good needle
woman. AddregH' 207. Leaven worth at.
FINNISH girl wtsnes general . housework.
Please call at 34% Freelon st. bet Third
and Fourth and Bryant and Brannan. - :
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan A Church sts.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED— MALE.
SINGLE, • middle-aged, capable American, best
j of references, will care for gentleman's place,
Alameda or near suburbs, for lodging and
provisions^ Address 321 Ellis st, room 69.
ENERGETIC salesman, 7 years' experience la
desirous of accepting position as traveling
salesman with mercantile house. Box 2020
Call office. _^
STRONG willing young man would like a po-
sition In a wholesale house; can make
himself generally useful. Box 2045, Call.
A COLORED man and wife want situations as
cooks in boarding-house; city. Addresa 1137
Pacific Ft. --. '- -..„,
PROFESSIONAL photographer, with 7 years'
experience, desires situation. Address Pro-
fessional Photographer, box 3431, Call.
STRICTLY temperate honest . retired sea cap-
tain desires - suitable f employment, : such as
shipkeeper, wharfinger or in command of
yacht or steam launch, etc. Address R. F.
postofflce box 2163, San Francisco. Cal. . '
WANTED — By a first-class mechanic, painting
or paper hanging by the day or contract- will
• furnish ! all tools. . • R. D. MARSHALL, 429
Douglass at. .. . ¦
A DENTIST of 10 years' experience wants em-
ployment in city or elsewhere. ; Addresa Doc.
tor. . 4088 Twenty-sixth st. :
FIRST-CLASS 'dairyman and wife wish to
take charge of a small dairy In the country
T. S.. 77 Ninth Bt. ~
BOOKKEEPER; experienced in manufacturing
and other business; state salary. Box 3425
Call office. " " - ' ; '. 2 ' '
WANTED — Steady position: understand care of
garden, hones, - cows; handy , with tools; ref-
erences. Box 3416," Call office., .„>
ACTIVE,. intelligent elderly man as clerk, light
porter, t Janitor. .watchman, etc. < 3420. Call.
YOUNG .Japanese ¦ boy • wishes situation as " a
schoolboy. OKUDUISA. 1304 Post • st. tel
Polk 2157. •¦¦-;;¦
JAPANESE, honeet 5 boy, wants a' position aa
. schoolboy. OGAWA. ¦ core Nako Hotel, 509
Bush at. s '.'-.- c - :¦:¦-..•/.::•-¦:.¦--._ . t : ;.. ; ,.;
JAPANESE strong : man wants ' position . to do
v any kind ; of work before 7:30 a: : m."' or after
6:30 p. m. AKI. 1303% Castro st, .',¦•;-, v
JAPANESE | boy I desires position I aa schoolboy
._-•¦ speaks English, w K? UETA," >20 Lewis place: .'
ADVERTISEMENTS, '• subscriptions I received at
; Call Branch office, cor. Duncan : A Church ato.
THE^CALL
JOHg D. SFBJiOCEra. Proprttor.
Lttr$i ccEMaiailgit to IQHS KclADSHT, iwm
P TELEPHONE. .f"
• THE CALL. The Operator Will Coo-
You With the Department You WUh.
Publication Of flee.... Market "and Third. 8. T.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson at
Delivered by Carrier*. 20 CU. Per Week. 73
Cta. P«r Month. Single Copies 5 Centa.
Term* by Moll. Including Poatag* (Cash With
Order) :
DAILY CALL (lnclud. Sunday). 1 year..W.OO
DAILY CALL (lnclud. Eunday). 6 tooa.. 4.00
DAI LY CA LI, — By Single Month 73o
BUN DAY CALL. 1 Tear 2.30
WKEKLY CALL. 1 Year 1-00
TORFlav Dally.. ..$8.80 Per Year E«ra
r^nT.^ Sunday.. 4.16 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. weekly.. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTER^ ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mall rubecribera In ordering change cf ad-
drees rhould be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
prompt ana correct compliance with their r*-
•juert.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY OFFICE:
2J48 Center Street Telephone North 7T.
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRANE 1406 G Street. N. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf - Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano. - 31
Union Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-ave-
cue Hotel and HcSman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. Newa Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House: Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE.
C. GEORGE KROGNESS..Marquette Build'g
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ETEPHEN B. SMITH.... CO Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of tbe San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third atreets: open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
t27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open un-
til 9:30 p. m.
TOO Hayea rtreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
6T» McAMetT street; open until 9:30 p. tn.
615 Lark in street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Minion street; open until 10 p. rn.
reel Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. ra.
J06 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan street*:
open until 9 p. rn.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and
Kentucky street*; open ur.tll 9 p. rn.
200 Flllmore street; open until 9 p. m.
JiUK'li.\(i NOTICES.
A STATED session of Islam CfJLj—^^f
Temple. A. A. O. N. M. S.. fot (^QS&«^
Important busineas will be held «7tL ~»
in Golden Gate Hall. 625 Sut- V<t£5vr
ter st, THIS (WEDNESDAY) /v*£J^\
EVENING at S o'clock. Iff \\
3. W. ANDERSON. \fi //
Recorder. *__
MOUNT MORIAH Lodge No. 44. F. «
and A. M.— Called meeting THIS^/Vf
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 7:30/V\
o'clock. Firet degree.
THEO. FROLICH. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodce No. 139. F. and A. e
M- Firt-t degree THIS iWEDXES- *VVf'
DAY) EVENING at 7:00 o'clock. By /V>
order of the Master.
R. H. McPHERSON. Sec.
EXCELSIOR Lcdce No. 166, F. and A. Q
M.— First degree THIS iWEDXES- "Xlf
DAY) UVKNING at 7::t0 o'clock. f>f\
H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
MISSION Ledge No. 169. F. and A. M. Q
—Called meeting THIS (WEDXES-VY
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
Third degree. Uy order cf the W.
M. The officers of Hermann Lodge No. 127.
V. and A. M.. will conter the degree.
R. E. ALLAN, Secretary.
HERMANN Lodge No. 143, I. O. O
F. — Ti:'- fun-:al committee' cl
ibtiv lodpe ;s hereby notincJ to "^-^^S?^
m&embie at Eureka Hall. Odd -*WrW^
rtllov.s' building, at 12 m., on WEDNES-
DAY, November 11. J903, to attend the funer-
al of our late brother. P. G. WILLIAM
REUTER. S. COHN, Secretary.
COSMOPOLITAN Lodce No. 194. -y-r-i-.,
I. O. C F.— Initiation WED- ;i?£3pii&.
NESDAY ZVKNING, Nov. ll. t S|£<££?53
Visitor* cordially invited.
GUSTAVE A. HUEBNER, N. G.
AVDREW J. CI^TARY. Rec. Sec.
LODGE FUANCO-AMERICAIXE
No. 207, I. O. O. K.— Members
are re-quested to attend our next^Kfr^SbvrSJ
regular meeting THURSDAY.
November 12. Initiation. Visitors are wel-
come. J. B. OROGNON. N. G.
L. L. REMY, Sf-cretary-
ANNUAL Meeting.— Notice is hereby given
that the thirteenth annual meeting of
the stockholder* of the San Francisco Home
>lutual Lnan Association « ill be held at the
office of the Corporation. No. 518 Montgom-
ery ft-. San Francisco. WEDNESDAY. Nov.
II, 19C3. at 3 o'clock p. m.. for the purpose.
of electing directors for the ensuing year,
presentation of the thirteenth annual report
end the transaction of such business as may
come before the meeting. Books are now
cpen for 1000 rharee of stock of the four-
teenth series. By order of the Board of Dt-
rectcre. A. PBARBORO. Secretary. .:*.¦"¦ . v
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting— The annual meet-
Ing of The Union Ice Company will be held
at the office of the company, 324 Pine St..
San Francisco, on WEDNESDAY. November
18. 1903, -at 3:15 p. m.. for the purpose of
electing a board of directors to nerve for the
enruing year and fcr the transaction of auch
other business as may come before the meet-
ing. C. K. MELROSE. Secretary.
November 4. 1903.
ATTORA'EYS-AT-LAW.
ADVICE FREE.
OLD ESTABLISHED.
COLUMBIAN LAW A COLLECTION AGENCY
Able attorneys. Rm. 85, 916 Market opposite
Emporium. Bad tenants ejected speedily and
reasonably. Collectic}*. ao matter how small.
attended to; attachments; bonds furnished; cor-
porations organized; civil and criminal practice.
Tel. John 6226. Open evenings by appointment
We solicit an interview with you.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fee.
See ire an<l *ave money; no pay In advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 yrs. : rms. 1. 2. 3, 4 & 5. 1st fl.
1122 Market et, between Mason and Taylor.
. Advice free, all matter*. Detectives employed.
AA — THE Legal Advisory. Inc.; reliable attor-
neys; practice in all courts; attachments, di-
vorce, ertate*. bankruptcy, probate. 511
511A. M1B Crostiey bldg..- N. E. cor. New
Montgomery and Mierion sts.; tel. John 2926.
ROBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
room 611; all caaea. damages, estate*, wills
attachments, collection*, etc., consultation
free; no advance charges: call or write;
evenrnga by appointment TeL Red 3601,
ADVICE fre* — I will advance cost In meritori-
ous caaea, divorcee, probate and all other law
caeec; no feea fn advance; open every tvtn-
Ing. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market at., r. 8L
ADVICE free — I will advance costs In all caaea
of merit: no advance charges, no tee. unleaa
euccessful. E. 3. BANKS. Examiner build-
ing, third floor.
DIVORCE — Costs, $12; quick, quiet; open even-
ings. 927 Market at., room 301,
DIVORCE costs S12; open evenings; tenonta
ejected. $3. 916 Market r. C2. phone Block 65L
L. 6. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 027 Mar-
ket at ; consultation free: no feea In advance.
AITKEN & AITKEN. attorneys, ra. 309-10-11
Clunle bldg.. £03 California at; tel. Main 727.
N. TEMPLE, atty-at-law. 93 Chronicle bldg.:
commissioner for oathn. England and Ireland.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful: all
law bnalneaa. W. W. Davidson. 927 Market
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A PROMINENT percentage bookmaking firm
rrorxwe* making one of the largest books on
!Lhe California racetracka during the coming
¦•inter. The public la Invited to take atock
n our book. Amounts received In aums of
r25 and upward. Statements and settlements
uade weekly. We positively do not take
iny chances, aa thla book will i be conducted
nrictly upon a percentage basis, the only
rystem of bookmaking that it certain of suc-
:**a and has ctood the test of years. Private
lariora for ladle*. Call or write for partlcu-
ara. THE HERMIS CLUB, rooms 3 and 4.
)30 Market nt
>OD opportunity for an Intelligent young
nan 23 to 35 year* old; I will teach one of
the beet arts In America In 5 months for
(200 each, with contract to leave you In a
roaition getting $100 a month at the end of
S months. Box 3434, Call office. •
;E-FIFTH interest and salary position In
mtm. business for tbe mm of $3000; particu-
larly suited to young- man desiring on In-
dustrial bUEineca career. Box S433. COIL'
WANTED — Party to invert In exclusive patent
• Hrtt for Pacific Coast Address Patent, box
. 3432. Call. ' .
HELP WAXTED— MALE— Continued.
MURRAY & READY... .....634-036 Clay St.
Phone Main 6S48.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
JOtC we gave feSST-: li>03 we'll give
45,000 men work. 60,000 men work.
ARIZONA.
' ARIZONA.
OREGON. ¦ .-'.".- NEVADA.
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe systems; free
pass on every train.
Section hands, muckers, drillers, extra
gangs, teamsters, hammersmen.
Stables. . Farms* " Orchards. Dairies.
Farm and orchard hands. $30. $35. $40 and
found; milkers. $30 to $50 and found. -
Stablemen, city, country Jobs. $30 to $60.
3C5 woodchoppers. 2S7 tiemakers.
., COOKS. WAITERS. PORTERS.
Cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps, mines and
ranches,- city and country, $«0 to $70 found.
Waiters.- city and country. *23 to $45 found.
Butchera different Jobs. $40 to $00 found.
LOCATED EVERYWHERE.
Laborers and teamsters, city and country,
.' '¦¦-?. many in San Francisco. $2 23.
, MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
COAL Oregon. Free faro.
Miners. . ¦ Oregon. $3 to $5 a day.
MURRAY & READY. C34-C3B Clay et.
TYPEWRITER stenographer, boss here, $30 fd.
Porter, grc-cery store, boss here, $30 found.
Painter, city job, $2 50 day.
Track railroad foreman, sawmill, $40 found.
Hoisting engineer, city, $2 50 day.
3 laborer*, used to card hook, $2 25 day.
CHEESEMAKEP.. $40 and found.
Boss at our office, call early; butter-maker;
porter Janitor, $25; 3 bedmakers; bellboy.
2 coatmakers.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st
10 ROUGH carpenters, few tools, 35c fare. $3
day; 12 cabinet makers; 3 carpenters, city
job, $3 day; plasterer, free fare both ways.
$."» day; gang edgerman, lumber company, $65
and found.
OLD MEXICO — FREE FARE. : — v
Carriage trimmer, boss here, good wage*.
MURRAY & READY. C34-«3tJ Clay st
6 ITALIAN or 6 Austrian firemen,' railroad
work, $3 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay at
LODGING-HOUSE porter. $10 week and room;
young barkeeper. $50 and board, for a club;
man about place, $35 and found; fruit farmer
and wife, $45 and found; butler/ $35 ar> 1
. found; coopers; oyster man. $40 and board,
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sac-
ramento st
AT "E. A B." R. R. Labor Agency.
633 Commercial at
- Free Fare — Free Fare.
50 tunnel men. $2 50 to $3 day.
CO muckers and drillers, $2 to $2 30 a day.
100 laborers. $2 a day.
" Long -Job; eight months' work.
Free tare — Ryndon, Nevada.
"E. A B." R. R. LABOR AGENCY,
638 Commercial at
AT S. F. EMP. BUREAU, 17 Fourth st
Laborers, 'city, steady work. $2 to $2 25 day.
10 drillers nnd rockmen.- city. $2 25 day.
Call early, boys, lots of new Jobs.
WANTED — For U. S. army, able-bodied, un-
married men. between ages of 21 and 35. citi-
zens of United States of good character and
temperate* habits', who can speak, read and
write English. For Information apply to Re-
cruiting Oflicer. Rialto building. New Mont-
gomery St., San Francisco, or Masonic build-
ing, Sacramento. Cal. '
WANTED — Thoroughly capable bookkeeper:
must be quick, accurate and conversant with
modern, systems; prefer one who has had
;, experience with lumber concerns; no objection
to brains: state age. experience, salary want-
ed/ CaL White Pine Lumber Co., Loyal ton. Cal.
.WANTED — A young man IS to 20 years old
who lives with his parents as stenographer
and typewriter In a wholesale house; a alight
: knowledge of bookkeeping necessary: must
bo quick and accurate; Rive references and
state salary expected. Address box 3436. , Call.
WANTED^Boys from 16 to 18 years; height
5 feet 4 Inches and over, to join a social mili-
tary rifle corps; regulation uniform and drill.
Apply S. SZANIK. 473 Valencia st. any
evening. between 0 and 8 o'clock.
EXPERIENCED waiters for large restaurant;
$50 per month: no fee.' Apply 9 a. m. to 12
in., .Restaurant Keepers' Association, 0 '.Eddy
St., room 46. : ' . -*
TRY^-our men's ahoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 SO: per pair, foot- form shoes at $2 50. or
orthopedic shoes, $3 50; best shoes on earth. 11
.Third st, 1 Exam., bldg.,' 5 doors from Market
WANTED — Boy about 17; apprentice In sail
loft. 86 Steuart st. ¦ ' .'.•¦¦.'•
BOY 16 to J8 years old. Apply 217 Pine st.
BOY 12 to 14 years; must understand German.
BARKHAUS' BOOK STORE, 213 Kearny st
WANTED — A compositor for straight matter.
'. Apply SANBORN, VAIL & CO., 741 Market.
COATMAKER wanted for the city; steady
work. DETMER .WOOLEN CO.
WANTED— First-class - wire worker and also
:- first-class metal worker. '751 Mission et.
BOY. for lumber office work; from school pre-
f erred. Box 2044. Call office. '..-•*.
GOOD tailor wanted. " 180 , Montgomery, ave.
MAN . of . good standing and wide acquaintance
can secure a good -.position with an Eastern
company; - must : have connections and be a
'good solicitor. P. O. box,2C94. '
GERMAN: steady; references; tend bar;. wine
business: "useful; married Dreferredi call
afternoon.' 15 City Hall square. ;'-.
WANTED — A salesman to sell ruffled and cluny
• curtains to the jobbing and retail trade. John
'. M. -HassaH. 78 Bedford st.;' jSoston, . Maes.
TWO-CH AIR barber shop and cigar store for
eale; bargain. ¦ Inquire i Call office.': ¦
MEN wanted to learn the barber trade In two
months and secure good positions; catalogue
\ mailed ; free. MOLER '¦; System . College, 635
: ¦' CUy. Street. -:¦' ¦•.'•; '."-.-''"' ¦¦"¦"" .-¦'.¦ :¦ :.'- "-.•.'
WANTED — Laborers . and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, baa
- added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
,217 Third at; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
PENSION ATTY. M." HARRIS.; 40 Ellla at.; 14
years" practice; references from thousands of
.. ¦ persona ¦ for whom ; I have secured pensions.'
TRY our men's shoe*. '. union ' made, at $1 ' and
* $1 60 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay
' - express . or mail ' chrgs. - 11 < 8d at ; Exam.* 1 - bid.
BARBER trade ' taught ¦ In 5 weeks. Addresa
-.^W.CB.; 647 'Commerciar at : ¦
COATMAKER V for ' » country. Apply REI33
'i i BROS, t A CO..* 24 \ Sutter ; at. . ' \ - - •
McDONALD '&" PERRY have a' large etock of
new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 239 3d st
i MEN to - learn barber trade ; catalogue moiled.
8. F. Barber School. 741A; Howard; st. ,
PENSION .' atty. E. "' A. ' Bui lla, , room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H.Thomaa Post. G.A.R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third at," near Mar-
- ket — 700 , rooms, 33c ¦ night ; *¦ reading - rooms:
:/Ifre«!..'bua: and. baggage to and f rom ; ferry. ; v
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions i received at
- ; Call Branch df flee.' cor. Duncan A j Church sta.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
; ¦; received at Call branch office, i 2200 Flllmore.
ALL sizes men's shoes/ slightly . damaged. ' half
-v ¦ price. - : 663 j Mission ; Bt., bet" lat and 2d sts. " ' •
GET ¦ your ' shoes half ¦ soled white waiting; i 23o
to 50c. 563>Misslon st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
MEDICAL.
' ¦
MS& DR. WYKTH. apeclailat lor all female
complaints; instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience; removed to S28 Poet at
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable apeciallat for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; instant r».
Uef guaranteed. 1COSH Market at. opp. eta.
DR. C. W. CDONNELL — AH who are slclc at
In trouble consult this specialist on femaia
complaints: positively corrected; th» unfortu-
nate helped: tbe most difficult caaea treated:
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st
Drs. Oocdwin. 733 Turt. nr. Van Ness— Expert
in obstetrics, female comolalnts: last, relief:
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5: 25 yrs. exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable U<lieV
specialist: a private home before aad during
confinement: beat medical care: low feea.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HEltB:*;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market at.
DR. ROSEN resides 2393 Folsom st. cor. 26th;
ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. NO TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. eppostt*
Union nearer all rti.««aye* cured hv h«rb«.
31ILLI.VEKY.
LADIES— 200 stylish hatt to select from; leas«
sold, must vacate February 1. 1004: sav*
money by calllnsr on MME. DOSCTf. 207 Po»:.
MISCKLLA.NKOIS— -KOft SALB.
BOILERS, enwinta, 2d-hond machinery. McIN-
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Freraont at
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elatertte; In rolls eaay to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good orer o:<t
Iron, tin or shlnsles: best for new roof».
ELATKRITE ROOFTXQ CO.. 713 Market at.
FOR ¦eale^ — First-class city route on Los An-
geles Times; excellent opportunity for large
Increase; owner obliged to go East; will sell
cheap. Inquire 64i» Corawell at. Brooklyn
Heighta. Los Ancles. ,-Cal.
FOR sale — New OO-ft. gasoline launch with,
modern 40-horsepower er.gine and all extras:
{rood business: only cash sale considered. Ad-
dress G. B., box C20, Sacramento, Cal.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc.. bought, oold.
rented and exchanged; ae« Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-132 BeaJe at-
A — Fine eults, $7 50; dress pants, s.2 30. OrUl-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Keorny^at.
near Bush; open to 9 p. m.; Sunday to noon.
A— $3 50 DEKBY and Fedora hata. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny at. near
Pine: open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, tella or rent* gear machinery, en-
glnea, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulley*.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-2C5 Spear st
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cost;
new Underwood visible typewriter catalos
aeat free. R. E. Revalk A Co.. San Franciaco.
TRY our men's aboea at $1 and $1 30 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express)
charges. 11 3d st. Exam. bid. : catalog, f re«.
A VERY fine diamond heart for 1210 at W. J,
HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth at
FOR aale — Open rubber-tired carriage, with
break on: $r.0O. Call 1327 Pierce at.
3, 6 AND 10 bp. gasoline engines; 2d-iiand: &U
alzes; new. E. B. BECK A CO.. 122 Market
NEW and second hand machinery of a:! luads.
KROGH MNFG. CO.. 319 Market at
SAFES— New and aecond hand. THB HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento at
MOVING pictures, magic lantern*, sole, rental:
• bargains. Enllard * Breck. 131 Po»t at.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EL-
OENE RILEY A SONS. 109 VoUeJo at
MOVING picture Sim aad song slides. 1\X»
Montgomery st.
SAFES — New and second hand. E. B. BECK
A CO.. 122 Market at
: All bargalna;caxn? stcola and chaira:hammock«.
metal beds.mattresaea.J.F.Hotter,712 Mission.
EJUon phonographs, records, supplies, movin;
picture machines, films. Baclgalupi. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all stzea. J. K. DOAK. 48 Fremont st
: ASK fcr prices on aecond-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Montg y.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pases, sent to any addresa In tha
United States or CaJiafla one year for $1.
MISCELLANEOUS XVJLXT9.
WANTED — Air compressor, duplex. 12x14, belt
driven; state moke.
1 We&tlnr:house motor. 60 to 75 horsepower.
1 return flue tubular boiler. 54xltf. complete
with fixtures, *tack. etc.; give lowest cash,
price.
All the above must be in first-class cone"!,
tlon; to be delivered f. o. b. Sacramento.
Box 2CT3. Call office.
PAINTING, tinting, papering and wall paper
cleaning: work done at right prices. M. li.
MORRIS, 1214 Geary st; phone 2153.
BOOKS and libraries bought H. C. HOLMES.
1149 Market. st; phona Jessie 3741. or poatai.
TILTON want* good stcond-hoad clothing and
theatrical gcoda. 154 Oth st. ; teL Jesale 2S31.
A BIO orice paid for sealskins: send postal.
25 Stocktcrt >t.: phone Bush 434.
OFFICES AAD MOMKs TO LET.
STORE with large basement: below Kearny
st: rent $H0. Apply 638 Clay at. room 1.
PERSONALS.
ATTENTION. LADIES—
To see Is to believe; go and see the exhibi-
tion at the Union Drug Store, cor. O'Farrell
and Stockton sta. : a living model with tn«
* wrinkles and bagglnesa removed from oa«
aide of the face a year ago by M. ELLA
HARRIS Bf 781 O'Farrell st.
CHARLOTTE M. KAVANAGH. my wife, hav-
ing left my bed and board. I hereby notify
all persons that I will not be responsibla
for any debts contracted by her.
JAS. H. KAVANAGH.
WRINKLES and all facial blemishes removed,
by new Parisian method; superfluous hair re-
moved by electrolysis; lessons Riven in man-
icuring; terras reasonable. MME. H. EAST-
WOOD. r. 702. Alto bldg.. Bush and Kearny.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growtluatops falling, cures dandrufS
and Itching scalp; no stain or atlcklneai:
cleanses scalp ;at druggists'. halrdreaseTS' ; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk.
NOT bow cheap but how good Is the motto oC
the manufacturers of th« Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J,
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market at.
PHYSICIAN. 13 years' expertenca. cur<»a per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit Call oe
address Central Pharmacy. 231 Grant it«.,
corner Butter at; fe« moderate.
ELEGANT suits on easy Installments; 50 cent*
ana up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127
Market at. bet. Sevecta and Eighth.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday Saturday. Sun-
day evgs.. Teu:ocla Hall. Steward st.. nr,
9th : Prof. Foster; society dancing taught
LIQUOR habit cured. W« guoronV* to curs
the liquor habit in 2 davs- or no chartf j.
Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 997 Market, r. 202.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drugs dls-
eaaea positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1839 Polk at; consultation free;call or wTiti.
REMOVAL — DR. W. C. 8TRATTON has re-
moved his offlcs from 2255 Mission st to
rooms 873 and 374 Parrott bldg (Emporium).
AT lesa than cost uncalled tar auita. overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market at. _^j
ANDERSON — Elegant theatrical and masqu»r^
ade coatumes rented. 26 O'FarrsU at
SUITS to order on installment*. $1 per week.
Neuhaua A Co.. merch. tailors. 727-729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair * moles removed by elec-
tric naedle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market.
THE beat place, to buy good umbrellas or
have them covered or repaired to 120 Stockton
TAILOR-MADE auit 17 CO; dress pants $2 50u
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wig*.
country ordera. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Ita natural color: $1; at all druggists".
EuperfluauB hair and moles removed with elec-
trie needle Mrs. A Mls« Eaten. 1119 Sutter.
PALMISTRY.
MME. DEVAJ3 — Scientific palmist and astrolo-
glst: palm readings $1; 3 QUESTIONS
FREE: open Tuesday eve. also. 139 Poat at.
H JEROME FOSELLI. aclentlflc palmiat. 315
Taylor st. rear Geary. Phone Black 331.
I'Al'EUHAXGIAG. I'AINTING. ETC.
ROOMS papered. $3 60 up: ttatlng. painting.
/ Hart roan Point Co.. 319 3d at; tel. . Main .413.
PHYSICIANS AAD sl'IiCEOSJ.
DR. C. ¦ C. ' O'DONNELL— Of flee and residence.
1021 H Market at. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar ' attention paid ' to disease* of woman.
BLOOD, akin and rectal dl««aaes a specialty,
DR. BALL. 1073% Market at. ¦
REMOVED— DR. WONO HIM herb doctor.
treats all diseases of the human body; fas-
past four years at 113-117 Maaon: now lo.
cated at 667 Geary st. near Lcavaworth. _£
DR. TONG PO CHT. successor to Dr. Li p.
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herba and teaa. 727 Washington »t
DR.HC.JWONO. 719 Poat at; all dlaaaa^
cured by Chinese herbs; consultation tra«.
WONO WOO. the. famous herb doctor— All dl»-
eases cured by Chines* herbs. 7 id- S Clay a*,.
HELP WANTED MALE Continued.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
• 520— Sacramento St— 320
Phone Main 1191 ..Corner Letdesdorff st.
HfeaiBjBjBjajBjH9HMBBjBajBVV''-«>— viH^^^StflaaiajaajMBjajajBjHBfeaBBj
CHICO. BUTTE CO.— KALF FARE— SHIP
TO-NIGHT.
20 teamotera. 2 and 4 horse teams. $2 25 and
$2 50 day.
- 0 ' tunnelmen, • north, - cheap fare. $60 found;
3 farmers; butcher, country shop.. $35 found;
farmer - and wife, orchard and ranch .on
shares, boss here, S. C Co. ; 5 laborers, $2. ,
PACIFIC EMP. AOENCY. 620 Sacramento st.
WHY pay - big prices to have your ahoes half •
coled when you can get It done for 23c. 60c
and 60c while you watt at 563 Mission st.
etb. 1st and 2d sta.. or lT-Trilrd at T -
HOUSES AXD WAGOH9.
TO Whom It May Concern — We will sell at
public auction at the Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.. Wednesday, Nov. 17, at 11 a.
m.. one phaeton and single harness, the
property of Frank M. Stone (the same being
eold for stcracre bill). Devlsadero-st. Sta-
ble. ARMERS & WISECARVEH.
BREWSTER extension brougham. coup*
rockaway, good phaeton Toomey A Frailer
cart, cheap. O'BRIEN'S. Polk it.' and
.Golden Gate ave.
ALL kinds I of horses, wagons, cart?, buggies
and harness sold at auction every Tuesday
11 a. m. at 1140 Folsom st.
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money,
at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. inc.. the big store,
1143-1147 Market st. San Francisco.
A LOT of cheap horses at Fifteenth and Shot-
well :
MUST be sold at a sacrifice: 5 goods horses. 327
Sixth at | ' -' ,
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gocart for cale cheap. 532 Mlsaion at
Largeat assortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd, aur-
rey.harness. work.drtving horses. 15th-Valencia
HOUSES TO LET. .
A^-PiUNTEL^^sToMwusea't^
cular. O. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and flata to let: an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save you tune and
trouble. Cordes Furniture' Co., 243-239 Geary
at., on the square.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWTILL. 25 Post St.
LOUT AXD FOOD.
LOST— A paosbook with the Hlbernla Savings
Bank of San Francisco In the name of DORA
E. CRAIG, No. 248-1001. Finder please re-
turn to the bank.
LOST — Gold watch and vest chain; moncgram
M. N. 6.; case number M 330$; works num-
ber 2430757. Return to 636 Mission at; re-
ward.
LOST— Off Baden Point. Sunday night, new red
duck boat. 12 feet long, 4-foot beam. Finder
! notify Anderson's Shipyard, Hunters Point;
: reward.
¦ LOST — A pass book' with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Eoslety of San Francisco In th«
name of ALICE E. PROVENCE. No. 271-
023. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Saturday on Market-at. cars, silk um-
brella with ailver handle; initials A. F.-W.
Return Otis Elevator Co.. 509 Howard at;
reward.
LOST — Lady'a gold watch. Finder will b«
liberally rewarded by returning same to
_jms. FORBES. 373 Jones «t, near Ellis.
LOST — Saturday evening, small agate ring of
no * value only as an heirloom. Return to
1277 Eddy st; reward.
LOST — A gold locket with monogram F. W.
W. ; valuable as keepsake. Return to 101S
Market at, hat store, and receive reward.
LOST — Pocket-book containing note and con-
tract: $5 reward. CRAIGIE SHARP. 71S
Sycamore at. Oakland.
FILLED watch, with diamond fob. with In-
itials P. G. Return 927 Halght »t. : reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old
rnM and "liver tn make new watch rajiea.
. money to loajv.
aaa-hermaTuukVht;
eCl-60£-6«; Examiner building.
Quick settlements: no disappointment
* Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust
etc. ; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment Strictly confidential.
When You Need .Money
Bee- HERMAN MURPHY. v i
ADVANCES on furniture and planoa without
removal; to permanent salaried people on
their note without security or knowledge of
employer; lowest rates; no commission. NA-
TIONAL CREDIT CO.. 63 «nd 6» Donoho*
building. 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846
Market st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
niture, pianos or to salaried people on their
note: proper treatment ruaranteed. ILLINOIS
TRUST CO.. r. 16. Phelan bid., tel. Main 704.
MONEY loaned to salaried people. r»tall mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security easy payments; largest business In
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
A. 1 per cent en furniture or piano; no remov-
al, no commlsalon. no publicity ;$25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 7.
M. JACOBSEN A CO.. room 621.Emma Spreck-
ela Building, loans money on real estate and
all other securities: confidential: low rates.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold. aUver,
dlamonda, pearls and precioua stone* bought
at W. J. HEETHAL'S. 10 Sixth at.
TO salaried people without security; on furnl-
: ture; indorsed notes and other security. S. V.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
YOU can borrow more money on your furnltura
than any other place in city; no commission.
612 Parrott building; ohone South 653.
AT lowest. rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy; no commission; Installments accepted.
KONE'lLT, 301 Eddy, Conservatory building.
OPEN Credit Ass'n. loons on salaries conf.den-
- tlally; new, simple plan. Room 50. S19 Market.
ON personal and real property. E. W. LICK,
1003 Mutual Savings Bank bldg.. 708 Market
MONEY i loaned to salaried employes. G. W.
MILLER, room 74. 5th floor. Chronlcla bldg.
3% ON furniture & planoa; $15 up; no removal.
V. TREMAIN, room 81. 6 Eddy St.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
STAR Loon Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R.311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MO R ELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
MUSICAL . INSTRUMENTS.'
RENT a piano for $3 per month; we allow six
months' rental of the purchase price if you
wish to buy; this gives you six months' trial
of tbe instrument - for nothing; If the . piano
rented does not suit we allow the rental on
any instrument In our stores; with such goods
.. as the . McPhall of Boston, the Schiller and
' our own make to select from we can guar-
antee satisfaction '- to every • one in quality,
price and terms. See .the Scott-Curtaa
"Bijou." the smallest full scale piano in San
Fiancisco. SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.,
560-62-64 Hayes st
ALL uprights on our bargain alate to-day—
Collard, $35; Fllsher, $50; Sherman A Hyde.
$100; Weber. $65; Klmball. $115; Mansfield A
Notni, $125; Haynes. $150; American, $165;
Chlckering. $167; Emerson, $172; Miller,
$175; 2 Stein ways, large and small size, $18*
and $290; Heine, large style, slightly used.
$325. Rents $2 up, apply on purchase; in-.
stallments $4 up. HEINE PIANO CO.. 233-
237 Geary at. ; Oakland branch. Fifteenth and
Broadway, old P. . O. Bldg. , Largest exclu-
sive wholesale and retail dealers of the West
WE do not advise the purchase of cheap planoa.
as they are Beldam satisfactory, but we hav«
pianos at a medium price that con be guar-
anteed to please the moat critical. Our best
sellers are the Behr Brca.. Baumetater and
. Schubert THE ZENO MAUVAIS . MUSIC
CO.. 769 Market a*. .¦-¦¦'..
A FINE lot of second-hand uprights from £50
up. including auch - makes a a Chlckering.
Voae. Kroeger, Curtaz, Kirkham, Pea*e,
". Hardman. Marshall A - Wendell. Baud and
others. BENJ." CURTAZ A SON. 16 O'Far-
rell st. No branches In San Francisco.
A MASSIVE solid walnut case Estey organ,
two basks of. keys and pedal baaa; coat $750-
your own price. BOWERS A SON, 11 Mason.
BAND lnrtrumenta; F. Besscn. Paris, maker;
Gus Maiwald. Agt Pac. Cooat 278 O'FarrcU;
. ¦ skillful ¦ repairing : . 2d - hand instruments . soid.
! $56— FINE, small upright piano In good condl-
itlon. 101 ; Welch at. southwest cor. Fourth.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedol Stelnway . upright piano ;
:-. perfect order; sacrifice. Keege'a.285 OTarril.
A RARE . chance: a i Hornung • Broa." ¦ upright;
little uaed: muat be sold. 216 McAllister at.
BARE chance; cash or payments; elegant high
¦¦:¦< grade . upright : lft McAllister : st.
¦". Unredeemed storage " pianos and furniture dirt.
cheap. Whitehead's Storage. 1636 Market at
: BOHMER," Byron Mauay plonoa. Cecllloa piano
:-¦;. player. -¦ BYRON . MAUZY. . 308-312 Poat at. ,
; SUPERIOR old and : new. : H.
! MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 T -^ th ani place.
The brave defenders of the land ( .
'Tween-us and every danger stand.
They're ready e'en to lay down life, /
If need be, in-the time of strife. ; Tv '
-And so The Call— 'tis ever bold
The wrong to fight, the right uphold.
This gives great value to our ads
To draw the dollars of our dads.
And if you'd like a share of, these ¦
Try us a while— we're sure to please.Celeetlna Arata (Badaracco) (wife of Dan-
Jele) to Dakln Company, lot on S line of Cali
fornia street. 114:6 W of Lorkln. W 23 by 3
80:6; $ .
Daklq Company to Isidor Llpman, same;
$10. ' .
City and County of San Francisco to Emma
I. York (wife of Charles B.), lot on NW cor
ner of Pacific and Octavla streets. W 32:6 by
N 137:6; $ .
. Same to Louis Nuhrenberg, lot on NW
corner of Union and Buchanan streets, W 27:6
by N 110; $ .
ChamberB Estate to George K. Frlnk, lot on
N line of Vallejo street, 68:0 W of Scott. XV
63:1% by N 137:6; $10.
Bernard Davis to Deborah Davis, lot on NE
corner of Sutter and • Baker streets. E 24 by
N 87:6; $10. ' '
Leslie da Ruytcr to John E. de Ruyter, lot
on SE corner of Baker street and Broadway,
S 137:6 by E W>; $10.
Veronica C. Balrd to' William J. McKlllop.
Jot on W lino of Masonic avenue, loo N of
Halght street. N 75. W 116:3. S 25, W 15.
8 60 B 131:3; $10. . .;
Charles A. and Jessie Patton to Mary A. and
Rodney C. Jones, lot on E lino of Ashbury
street 25 S of Page, S 25 by E 90; $10. .
Veronica C. Baird to Louis Cohn, lot on N
line of Halght street, 81:3 W of Masonlo ave
nue, W 25 by N 100; $10.
Ruth B. and Martin Aronsohn to John A.
Hoots lot on N line of Waller street, 69:7^4
E~ Shrader, E 25 by N-100; $10. • ' ''*
Sophia Peard to Charlotte T. Boyl«, lot on S
line of Oak street, 112:6 W of Shrader. W 60
Whltt'eli to Sophia Martlnovich (exe
cutrix estate of Bevarlo Martlnovich).- lot on S
line of Turk street, 232 W of Parker avenue,
W 175. S 305:07, "NE 53:6V4.NE 130:4%. N 27e|
quitclaim deed; $10. .-<¦_- : , ¦
Frederick K. and Emma Kern to Patrick H.
Savage, lot on E line of Fair Oaks street, 30 S
of Twenty-fUth, 8 26:6 by E 100; $10. .
Patrick 1L and Catherine Savage to John W.
Smith, same; $10. _ .V "~*
¦ Jonathan and Anna M. Anderson to William
J White lot on S line of Twenty-third street.
255 E of Castro. E 25 by S 114; $10.
. Same to Eugene Mutln, lot on S line of Twen
ty-third street. -305 E of Castro, E 25 by S 114
$10.'.--'. •'¦ ' : ; ";.'¦"' . '." - ;
Walter B. Burner to Henry Burner, lot on'
SW corner of Noe and Clipper streets. W 80 by
S 114; $10. - ¦¦•'•• ¦ • : -
Walter * B. Cope ' to Robert C. Bolton. \ undi
vided third of the following: Lot on N line of
Merchant -street,' 137:6 W of Montgomery, W
31:8 by N 62:6; also lot on SB corner ©£ Le av .
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L _ P. .3% 4% Sac E G&R. — —
Mutual E L. 10& — S F/G & E. 69 8914
Oak O L&H. — — S P Gaa 3 . Z%
Pac G Im... — 55 Ptkn G & E. 8 —
Pac L Co... 55% — UG&E....— —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
8 F G & E. CO 69*4
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fn<J.32O —
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nat Bk. — 125 _ L P & A.... — 170
Anglo-Cal ..— 90 Mer Trust... 239 —
Bank of Cal. — 400 Merch Ex... — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 160 8 F Natlonl — —
First Natnl.. — — -
SAVINGS BANKS. •
Ger S & I*.. — — Sav & L So.' 05 100
Hum S _ I*. — ? — Bee Sav Bk..400 600
Mutual Sav.. 90 110 Union T Co.. — — '
S F Sav U..60O — 1
STREET RAILROADS.
California „ — 205 (presidio .... 89 —
Geary — 80 J
POWDER.
Giant '.- 65 66 /Vigorlt — 4%
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. 50c 70c Kllauea S C. — 6
Hawaiian C. 45V4 — Makawell C. 22»4 —
Honokaa S C l.lVi 13V. Onomea SvC. 31% 32%
Hutch 8 P C 10% 10Vi Paauhau S C 16% 16
. MISCELLANEOUS. >• * V
Alaska Pack.l49V4150 Oceanic S C. — 6&
Cal Fruit As. — 0* Pac A F A. 3 3fc
Cal Wine As. 91 „ (L'i'i Pac C Borax.167 —
Morning Session.
Board — ' -•)' ''
10 Giant Powder Con 65 50
20 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar ...... 45 50
20 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar .' 45 75
60 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar ...... 46 00
15 Hutchlnson S P Co, cash 10 25
10 Hutchlnson S P Co*...... 10 25
. 10 Makawell •. 22 50
25 Makawell 23 00
5 Mutual Electric Light 10 00
30 S F Gas _ Electric Co, b 8.... C9 00
. 70 Sprina; Valley Water Co ...... 38 50
80 Trust Cert <S F G & _) 69 00
20 Trust Cert (S F G _ K) 68 75
$1000 8 P. Branch Ry 6s 132 00
. Afternoon Session, 199
Board — .
20 Hawaiian Coml _ Sugar 46 00
10 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 43 75
10 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar ...... 45 50
85 Makawell 23 00
B0 Oceanic S S Co 0 00
50 S F Gas — Electric Co. 50 00 '
$5000 Sacramento Elec, Gas & Ry 5s.. 100 50 .
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil stock — " Bid. Asked.
Alma 1 40 .
Apollo ¦ *0 ....
Associated Trust Cert 18 22 :
Aztec .....'.....-.. ......... .... 85 -;
California Standard ll •
Caribou .....:..."... ..:. 1 00 ;
Central Point Con 65 «S
Chicago Crude 19 20 ,
Claremont;.....^ 2* 30 .»
Esperanza -.;."..'.... .......150 ....
Four 67 CO
Continued From Page Eleven.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Mrs. Harry A. L. Floyd Copcevle (owner)
with J R. MacGregor (contractor), plans by
owner— All work for a two-story frame¦build
in* on S line of Sacramento street, 192:6 W of
Scott. W 27:6 by S 128:8V4: $3646.
Goldberg Bowen _ Co. (owners) with Home
Manufacturing Company (contractors), archi
tects Henry M. Meyers and C. R. Ward— All
work for cigar case to be delivered in building
at 432 Pine street: $1285.
Marguerite F. Morrisey (owner) with L. Ar
thur (contractor), architect Ail work for a
one and a half story frame building on W line
of Third avenue, 325 N of Point Lobos, N 25 by
W 120. outside lands 184; $2250.
Louis Pockwitas (owner) with Carl N. P. Ahl
pren (contractor), architect August Nordin — All
work except mantels, shades and gas fixtures
for two three-story frame buildings on XV line
of Cole street. 32:6 N of .Carl. W 75:7% by N
65: $13,456. . ' ( ¦¦ , '
Edward and Margaret F. Deerlng to Kate
B Mills undivided % of lot on NE corner of
Nevada and Nebraska streets. N 33:4 by B
100; $5.
Edward Adams to Robert H. Davis. \o%. on
N line of Yolo etreet. 75 W of Rhode Island,
W 25 by N 100; $10.
Catherine Fisette to Real Estate and Devel
opment Company, lot on SE corner of Eight
eenth and Missouri streets. 8 25 by E 100; $10.
Julius Witte to City and County Investment
Association, lot on W line of Georgia street.
200 N of Slfrra, N 20 by W 100; also prop
erty outside of county; $10.
William 'J. and Drama C. Gunn to Sophie
B. Kobicke, lot on W line of Sixth avenue,
275 N of Lake street. N 25 by W 120: $10.
Ellen A. and George 8. Fife to Orrin and
Mary J Knox. lot on E line of Sixth avenue.
225 S of Lake street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
Fred George J. and James E. Hunt to Paul
Arata lot on W line of First avenue 350 N
of Clement street. N 25 by W. 120; $10.
Charles H. Waldmann to Mary I. Connell.
lot on W line of Tenth avenue. 100 8 of
Clement street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
Charles H. and Rizpah Phillips to Albert
W Boll lota 8. 15. 16, 20, 21. 23. 24. 27. 28.
31* 82 35 36 and 39. block 42. Sunnyslde; $10.
Catherine Cosgrove to Kristlna B. and Hen
ry Bjorman lot on E line of Folsom street,
66:314 S of Army. 8 50 by E 100, Precita Val
ley lots 62 and 63; $1800.
Albert W. and Lillian A. Smith to Louise
L. Johnson, lot 35. block D, Sunset Heights;
. Frank and Bertha Schaadt to same, lot on
W line of Lotta etreet, 18.33 NW of Woodland
avenue, N 25 by W 80. lot 35. block D, same;
$10.
William C and Sarah J. Hamerton to Ed
ward H Wehrmann. lot on W line of Tiffany
avenue '48 N of Twenty-ninth street. N 23
by W 60; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 10.— Pete Dorsey, who
was well known among sporting men of
San Francisco, died here yesterday of.
paralysis. He had been In a sanitarium
here about three years. He will be bur
ied to-morrow.
enworth and North Point streets, S 137:6, E
137 :<S, N 21:7%, NW 150:9%. W 41; also lot on
W line of Jones street, «2:6 N of Greenwich, N
75 by W 112:6; $10.
William J. and Virginia R. Dingee to Lewis
Meytrsteln and Edward S. Rothchlld. lot on
NE corner of Geary street and Grant avenue,
E 40, N 60 E 20, N 62:6 W 60. S 122:6; $10.
Same to same, lot on N line of Geary street.
40 E of Grant avenue. E 0:6 by N 60; $10.
"Pete" Dorsey Dies in San Jose.
Tho complaint states that they were
married in Hannioal, Mo., in 1882. In
1895, it is alleged. Bishop Crowdy deserted
his wife in Guthrie, Okla. She has nqt
seen mm since. He went toward the
East and success crowned his efforts in
the line of work, ne took up. She, with
her two sons, Isaac aamuel and .^ugust
Milton, came West. Now she asks that
he be made to pay the costs of a legal
separation and give her $50 a month ali
mony.
A divorce suit was filed to-day by Mrs.
Louey j. Crowdy against Bishop William
S. Crowdy of Philadelphia. The deiend
ant in the present suit has won fame
with the colored race- in North America
Re the head of a sect known as the
''Church of God." It Is .run on the co
operative plan and the City of Brotherly
Love is its birthplace* The members kiss
in salutation all menwefs of their order.
ine church also conducts general mer
chandise stores, which are patronized by
the members of the congregation, and
the profits go to the church.
The Bishop, It is stated by Attorney
Thomas Pearson, is to come" to this coast
shortly to found a branch of the organ
ization of which ho is the, head.' Avaen
he does It is intended to serve him with
papers and make him answer the charges
his wife brines against him.
It has been years since husband and
wife met and he has achieved fame since
i-e is alleged to have deserted wife and
babies.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
¦; : . v: 1118 Broadway, Nov. 10.
Wife of William ,S. Crowdy
of .Philadelphia' Says He
Deserted Her.
Head of Golored Sect, of
"The Church of God"
•Defendant.
BISHOP IS SUED
FOR A DIVORCE
Fulton .' 4 25 4 50
Giant .. 2O
Hanford ........ 140 00
Home '. 92ft 95
Imperial . .... IS
Independence 16 IT
Junction 20
Kem . .. 5(ki
Kern River .12 50
Lion ".." .- 03 04
Monarch of Arizona ". .. 49 .'...
Monte Cristo 80 ....
Occidental of W Va 18 ....
Oil City Petroleum .24 V ....
Peerless ..14 00 ....
Pittsburgh 25
Reed Crude ..........;.'.......:. "' ....
S F and McKlttrick 2 75
San Joauuin O & D ' 5 75 ' ....
Senator ....• 65 75
Sovereign 88
Sterling 2C5 ....
Superior 05 07
Thirty-Three :. 7 BO
Toltec. 21- ... 25
Twenty-Eight .... 4 25
West Shore 2 90
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land and Imp ...... 1 60
Alameda Sugar •• 2900
American Biscuit 95 00
American District Tel- ..*..
Cal Gas & Electric Corp... ....
Cal Cotton Mills 88 00
Cal Jockey Club 105 00
Cal Shipping Co 1 25 00
Cal Title Ins & Trust 130 00 140 CO
Central Bank of Oakland ... 60 00
Chutes Company 7 50 8 25
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 6 50 7 25
Fischer's Theater 200 2BO
Gas Consumers' Assn 22 50
Honolulu Sugar 14 50 ....
Northern Cal Power 9 00
North Shore Railroad 6 00 ....
Orpheum Company 10 25
Pacific States Tel _ Tel 115 00
Paraf fine Paint '. ; . 33 00 ....
San Francisco Drydock 47 00
: Sanitary Reduction Works.. 1 50 • 3 00
Sausalito Land and Ferry.. 16 00
Sperry Flour Company ..... 27 50 30 00
Standard Electric .... IS 00
Tesla Coal Co 30 00
Truckee Electric 13 25 ....
Union Sugar 22 60 ....
United Gas and Electric ... 34 60 ....
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
600 Junction Oil 19
2O0O Occidental Oil IS
2000 Occidental Oil, b 60 10
100 Home Oil »5
100 Home Oil 92%
100 Monte Cristo Oil 85
Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 Home OH. ¦ 90 821,
1000 Occidental Oil 18
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on th» ¦ San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mrwninz Session.
300 Caledonia ...llfl 200 Overman .... 21
BOO Cn New York 06 200 PotosJ 13
300 Mexican .... 90 100 Sierra Krr... 3S
100 Ophlr ...145 100 Union Con .. 43
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 11 500 Julia ftfl
100 Caledonia ....105 100 Overman .... IS
100 Con Cal & V.I 05 300 Seg Belcher.. Of*
ROO Exchequer ... 13 300 Union Con . . 45
300 Gould _ Cur. 21 300 Utah II
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the- Pacific 8tock
Exchange yesterday:
Mornlnr Session.
300 Alpha Con .. 05 500 Overman .... 21
20O Belcher 13 200 Overman .... 19
10O Caledonia ...105 500 Overman .... 18
100 Caledonia .1 VIV, 300 Potoal 13
lOflC C& Va..l 07% 400 Silver Hill .. 67
COO Con N Y 08 200 Union Con .. 4S
200 Gould & Cur. 23 200 Yellow Jack.. 40
200 Mexican ..... 91 .
1 ¦ Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher Ill 100 Mexican" ..... 83
700 Caledonia 1 05l 100 Ophir 1 45
200 Crown Point. 13! 200 Sierra Nev... 35
30O Exchequer ... 13! 600 Silver Hill .. 6.1
400 Gould & Cur. 211 200 Union Con .. 45
TONOPAH MINING EXHANGE. \
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopan Mining Exchange yesterday:
Mornln? Session.
600 Montana .... 94 [ 200 Belmont 90
400 Montana .... 95 200 .Belmont 83
100 Belmont ....1 00! 300 Mldwar 35
100 Belmont 1 00.1600 North Star .. 81
Afternoon Session.
200 Montana .... 96[ 100 North Star .. 31
300 Belmont 1 OOj
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Nov. 10—4 p. m.
Alpha ¦ 05 • 06 Julia 05 07
Alta 02 04 Justice 02 03
Andes 16 17 Kentuck ..... 03 04
Belcher 11 12 Keyes Grslr.. — 1 SO
Best & Belch.l 35 1 40 Mexican 85 86
Bullion 08 10 Occidental ... 25 26
Caledonia ....1 00 1 05 Ophlr 1 45 1 50
Challenge .... 21 25 Overman .... 16 18
Chollar 12 13 Potosi 11 12
Confidence ... 70 75'Savage 15 16
Con C & Va..l 05 1 10 Scorpion .... 01 02
Con Imperial. 03 04 Seg Belcher.. 07 09
Con NY — 05 Sierra Nev... 33 34
Crown Point. 13 14 Silver Hill... 57 58
Eureka Con.. — 60 St Louis 11 —
Exchequer ... 13 14 Syndicate .... — 0«
Gould & Cur. 21 22 Unjon Con.... 43 41
•Hale & Nor.. 63 56ludh 13 14
Lady Wash.. 03 04 'Yellow Jack.. 37 - 30
TONOPAH MINES.
Coleh&n — 19 Paymaster .. — 13
Esperanza ... 01 02 Rescue 03 05
Hannapah ... — 10 Ton Belmont. — 99
MacNamara .08 12 Ton of Nev. .3 50 6 00
Mizpah Ex... 21 Ton N Btar.. 31 33
Mont Ton.... 95 97 Ton Midway. 34 37
N Y Ton — 05 United Ton... — 12
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 11. 1903,
13
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
VAN NES.S AVE. NEAR GEARY ST.
AMERICAN FLAN.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
SELI3CT FIRST-CLASS KAMILY HOTEL.
HOT ANI> COLD OCEAN WATER-
SPECIAL RATES BY MONTH.
MUNGKR _ ZEUERO. PROPRIETORS.
ANTLERS. 415 Turk bU— Strictly modern. 4-5
rocm apartments; fur. or unfur. for hxkps;.
CHURCH, 2C9 — Two nice connecting furnished
rooms; ?15; CaFtro or Fillmore cars.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1W2— Parlor floor of* 4
roon_; clean, cczy and convenient; with use
of piano.
HOWARD. 105O— Sunny housekeeping rooms,
also sincle; cas; ft} to ?14 month.
MODEL HOUSE. 1206 Stockton st.— Newly fur-
nishPd n'oma, $5->12; bath, gag, phone.
SACRAMENTO. 1390—2 housekeeping rooms,
lurnished or unfurn.; sunny; 2 large closets.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmori.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubecriptions bas been established at lWtl
Valencia tt. __
UonirkpR Room ¦— -A partm't Honaea.
H THE*~LUCERNE
LARK1N ST HET. Sl.TTER AND BUSH;
THE SUNNIEST FURNISHED APART-
MENTS IN THE CITT; THOROUGHLY
MODERN- SUPERIOR SERVICE; CHOICE
LOCATION; ALL CAR LINES; NOW OPEN.,
THE Frederick. Ool Etanyan. opp. Park— Furn.
apartments: pri. bath; (-team heater; Janitor.
IIOOMS TO LET— Furn. and tinfnrn.
a^theTfremont.
The most modern hotel In S. F. ; single
and FUlte. baths attached; electric light and
telephone' in every rm. ; steam heated; elec-
tric elevator Cay and night; 75c to fl 50
day; special rates by month. 1864 Market
it. Take HaJght. Valencia and Castro cars.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth St.— Rooms
£5c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
lignt htUEckeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market St. (or No. 1
Fifth et.)— Rooms. 25c, 50c. fl. Jl 50 night;
Jl 10 to J10 we«:k: houFe open all night.
BURNETT, 142G Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
ir.fhed roon:?, suite, eing'.e; also unfurnished.
CHELSEA. 0. S. Bide Bush, near Powell — Cozjr
front room; 1 or 2 gentlemen; reasonable.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
furnished tunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FRANKLIN, 721, near Turk — Two sunny, fur-
nished front rccms; all conveniences; private
family; J12 50 and $10.
FULTON. S*ri — Newly furnished bay window
frunt rooms, en sultj or single; gas. phone.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission — Rooms 50c
to $1 50 night; <1 to $S week; reading-room.
KNICKERBOCKER apartments. 1S40 Pine, nr.
Hyde — Steam heat, electric lighted, free-
bath; 3-room suites furnished. <30 up.
LAGUNA and McAllister. St. James flat— Sun-
ny tingle rocm. __^
LAUKIN, 804— Sunny elncle room; suitable for
gentleman; $4 50 tx-r month^
ItOYAL House. 32l> Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-ioom, smcking-rcom ar.d ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night. USc to $1 30; week. $2
to $8; month. $8 to $30: elevator on ground
f.cor; rocnis w:th hot and cold water; batha.
THE Gi!!<»5pi<". 110 9th Bt. — Furnished rooms,
tl60-$3M wk.; trans.. 5f»c-Sl night; quiet.
UNITED STATES. ITl E<i<Jy St.. near Market —
400 single and 'amily room*: 3.">c to $1 night;
$1 75 to $'¦'< week; elevator: electric lights;
readlr.K-rocm: free bus and baggage.
VAN NESS. 519 — Hand?cme sunny furnished
fuites and single rooms; all conveniences.
WTXCHE STER Hotel. 44 3d Bt.. near Market—
Moet convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
sr.c to fl TO night: ?2 to $S week: elevator:
elec. light*: readinr-room; free bus: bagKage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Hr^r.rh offlce. c.-.r. Dunep.n _ Church sts.
CLASSirTED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce, for Call advertisements aid
BUbecriptiot— , has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
ROO21S AMI BOARD.
i-TEVENSON mansion, 807 California et. — At-
tractive »nd rightly rooms; best table and
SCIENTIFIC OPTICIANS.
DURING the O. A. R. encampment Dr. CHs*.
I CCS Market Ft., bet. 6th-7th. fitted glasses to
O*n. Miles; you want the best as well as he.
specialists!!
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
ro*ltively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. ; Dr. Cotttngham. 204 Sutter st.
STtXTTEIUXG AAD STJUlMERim
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market — Cur*
in rv»ry eate; individual teaching: no medi-
cine. Inquire into wonderful cures ;home cure.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved. Ehipped. 725-
731 Howard St., near Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCErRODOLPH Storage _ Moving Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Prive. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 120.
GO_DEN West Storage; advances made; 840
Mission st.: tel. Howard 941. F. XV. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackscn 291.
EEKINS Van and Storage Co,. 11 Montgomery
6t.; tel. Main 1E40. Shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT^-ARgXiNS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
eell better machines for less money than any
h.ouse In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 538 California; telephone Main 2t5fl.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each: get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery tt. »¦ .
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 508 Market.
proposals;
PROPOSALS for Clothing and Equipage.
D*pot QuartcrmaEter'B Office. 30 New Mont-
KOinery st., fcan Krancleco, California, No-
vember St. lW-i. — Healed proposal*, in tripli-
cate, will. be received at this office until 10
o'clock a. in... Monday, November 2.3, 190:j,
Pacific S'tandanl Time, and then opened, for
furnishing at cither the Philadelphia. Bos-
ton, Chicago or Kan Francisco depots, of
Mattressf-F, Pillows, Mattress Covers, Bed
bhe«-ts, Pillow Cases and Card Holders, con-
forming in all respects to standards and
ppecitirations to In- seen at this office. Quan-
tities to be subject to an increase of 20 per
cent, if desired by the Department. Bid*
for the same articles will be opened same
time at the other depots above mentioned.
Tb avoid misunderstanding as to the exact
nature of the articles to be furnished, bid-
tiere will carefully examine the standard
samples anJ e;jccltications, so that proposals
may be submitted by them with a full
knowledge of what will be required, as an
absolute compliance with the standards and
Fp*clflcatlons will be insisted upon in the
inspection of the goods. Unguaranteed bids,
and bids for delivery or' inspection at other
points than those named above, will not be
considered. Early deliveries are essential.
Bidders must state in their proposals the
rate and time of delivery, should contract be
awarded to them. Preference will be given
to articles of domestic production and manu-
facture, conditions of price and quality being;
equal (Including In the. price of foreign pro-
duction and manufacture the duty thereon),
and euch preference will be given to articles
'of American aroductlon and manufacture
produced on the Pacific Coast to the extent
of ¦ the conxumBtlcn required by the public
service there. T*e United States reserves
the right to accept or reject any or all pro-
posals or any part thereof. Information and
blanks for proposals will be furnished on
application. Envelopes containing proposals
will be Indorsed. "Proposals No. 6679," and
addressed to Major C. A. Devol, Quarter-
master, U. B. Army, Depot Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department,
Washington. D. C, until "12 o'clock noon.
November 24. 1003, and publicly opened Im-
mediately thereafter, to furnish at the navy
yards. Hare Island, Cal., and Puget Sound,
Wash., a quantity of hawse pipes, warping
chocks, electric blowers and exhausters, gen-
erating sets, arc lamps, conduit, wire, elec-
trical supplies, bolts and nuts, copper rivets,
washere. corn brooms, paint brushes, feather
dusters, oakum, steel cable, window glass,
coaling bankets. *teel wire and copper nails,
miscellaneous hardware and hand tools, flies,
niachinlEt'g eels, lampwlck, pump and rig-
ging leather, ash, Oregon pine boards and
piles, fei>anish and Port Orford cedar, mahog-
tftty. sugar pine, cherry,- walnut, oak, teak,
poplar tpruce. hickory, laurel, locust, red-
wood, fir, bar iron, pig lead, galvanized sheet
eteel.bar 6teel. gum and flax packing, gar-
' den hose. paintB. white and red lead, linseed,
cylinder and lard oil, alcohol, turpentine, da-
mar. 8sphaltum and paraffin varnish, bronz-
ing liquid, pitch, tar. nitric and sulphuric
acid, borax, pipe fittings, gauge glasses, brass
and Iron pipe, valves, pepper, cocoa, mustard,
bcane, salt beef, salt pork, raisins, dumping
tubs, diving apparatus, blank books, pencils,
pone, ink, typewriter paper, toilet paper, .mis-
cellaneous stationery, candles, laundry, castlie
and bh\J. water soap, . sapollo, and cotton
waste. Blank proposals will be furnished
upon application to the Navy Pay Offices,
fian Francisco. Cal., and Seattle, Wash. H.
T. B. HARRIS, Paymaster General U. S. N.
10-21-03
REAL, ESTATE (ITV--FOR SALE.
G. H."UMB«EN _'CO~1? MONTGOMERY ST.
AUCTION
Avcnos
Al-.TIOX
A I •< -TIOK
Al'CTlON
Of investment r< -i<5<*nce and unimproved
properties will lie" he. 1 at our pnltfroom MON-
i»AY. NOVEMBER '''¦¦ r - to; '- at i2 ° cl<x>k roon -
REFEREE SAL.E.
T7.VB-7 Bu*h *n . b~ Pow_l «nd Mason: lm-
provm_E__ o..n^iM at " fia's o{ -'X; 1 !, 100^"
|ect to confirmation 1 y the ?u t *rlor Court.
CLEMENTINA INVESTMENT.
No. 1.
"1_ OU-mcr.tina tt. north line, rxar Fourth
Bt.: iznArovetnests cot— t«t of a 2-Btory frame
<Jw«>ninff of M rooms and bath; rented low at ?^i
j>er month. m '
-_4 Clementina Ft ;* improvements conslft of a
cctlaar*; of 5 roon_; rented low at $13 pe-
aontu. nycu . iN - AN . ST . residence.
1623 Buchar.i-n et, bet. Pon and Geary; im-
|iro\tmenJi= co__* of a 2-Ftory dwelling of 7
rooms and toth; rents J37 SO per mo.; lot 24x
ERTANT-FT. IWTSTUEXT.
P12 Bryant ft., north line. bet. tJth and 7th.:
_xprore_ects eoo_at of 4 tenements; rents $40
I;CrniWth CHGfcKBUr__INO_OT.
PaR<> ft . !>;ir Clayton; unimproved lot. 25x
13T«i- lerd aiid ready to build on.
FX3I_O_-eT. HUSINESS PROPERTY.
T227 ro'.fcri «.. b*>t. Mh and t«th; improve-
mer.'.t cousin of 2-Htory dwelling of 8 rooms
and bath an.i 2 rear flats cf 3 rooms each; rents
$13 it m— S— J lot Z?ixU<).
0 DCWNTOWa PROPERTT.
f-25 Howard i=t.. bet 1st ar.d 2d; old Improve-
ments oonatot Of flouble bcuse of C rooms; rents
nominal; let ZSxSS; eplendld holding to ini-
S_ LANDERS ESTATE.
The fi-llowinsr five properties must be sold to
c'.cfe the above estate:
No. 1.
824 Shotwell tt.. west line. l>et. 2Cd an! 2-"d:
lmrro\err.en_ ccnslpt of a subftantlal 2-story
irfldrnce of :• rooms and bath, with stable and
Cat <f 4 rooms and bath In rear; rents $50 per
ir.onth; 40xll_:C Jrrtjrelar.
No. 2.
Sbotwell rt.. west line, bet. _M anfl 23d ets. ;
choice bullfllr.r^ots; splendidly located in the
Ultslor. warm belt; 3 lots, 27:6x145 each.
No.- 3.
Uiselon ft.. e«ft ljne. bet. 22d and 23d sts.:
2 Iris, »DxI12:6 each.
No. 4.
Market et.. southeast line. het. Dolores and
Church rts.; unimproved lot, 25x100; splendid
holding for enhancement
No. 5.
Lot No. 3 cf block No. 2*1. South San Fran-
cisco and Railroad Homestead Association, 75x
For further particulars cf the above and for
catalogue arr'V
G. H. rjHBSEX _ CO..
20 Montgomery st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
•Cever Bcfcre Were Lets Sold so Fast!
V.* v .v? Because they are choicest and cheapest.
f.'.OO to S120S* — Even* lot craded for building;
fronting boulevard, park, ocean and cars; tin-
cbttrurted ocean view from every lot; don't
mise this opportunity for bargains; see them
to- Oar; eaey terms.
$75 to $300 — Near park and ocean; $5
monthly.
Oceanside Branch Offlce on 43th ave. and K
et. Open Sundays.
J.VX) to $1000— New lots in Eunset District;
frraded and ecwerefl; near cars; $10 monthly.
Sunset Branch Offlce on r«th ave.. Near H tt.
J150, f200 and f30<»— Level Excelsior HomJ-
rtead lots; near electric cars; $5 monthly.
$1000. C1S00, $^00 and $.%ft00— 4. B, 6 and 8
ftixn moiern cottrges and houses in Sunset,
Richmond. Ocpanylde and Excflslcr Home-
tread! All bargalr.h : Easy teims.
SOL GETZ & SON. Owners sr.fl Dealers.
Room Zti. Chronicle Building.
R. I>. McEI-ROT.
REAL ESTATE AGENT.
Room 4. Phoiari Huilaicp. S r <fl Market Street.
K373O— S.E. cor. Kiilrr.ere-I./imbard. ;{7:Cx87:f!.
S22.V)— N.E. oor. Flllmore-Moulton. £7:CxS7:6.
f8C00— N.E. cor. Fillmore and Foil, r.r«x7C.
$24«i — N.V.\ cor. \\>bfter-Lombard, 27:<JxlO7:6.
?17<"— - E. Fillmore. near Lombard. 27:6x87:«.
Sl.Vft— N. Unrtard, n«>ar Fillmnre. 27 : «xl 07 : 6.
$H<i<_--^.'. Wcfasnstr. near Lombard. n'ixl37:G.
I2K50— N. Wallrr. near .-t« iner, 25__7r6.
$2">0— g. Gcljen Cate, r.r. Devifadero. 25x137:6.
J2CnoT~
MONTGOMERT-AVn. CORNER.
Over 42 fret froatajre. with two-etory frame
hwiiflimr.
THOMAS MAGEE _ BOX?
ft MONTGOMERY ST.
MODERN ccttacw; fn'-thf-d complete with
every ecnventenct; eaty ttnns; large lots.
4 rooms— S'-f'W.
?¦ rooniB— >32ro.
f> rootr.p— f35Cie.
- 6 rooir* — «.;0<X).
7 rocrr.t — $4100.
*• rooms— $46(0. >»
Located on F^rrt and F*coft4 avi»., bet.
Geary and McAlliFfr ft. rars and cne block
north cf park. F. NELSON, builder.
. JOSEPH STRAVB. C50 MarlTet Ft.
B2100— Cor. Twenty-fifih nn<1 Wisconfiln *tr. :
r\rw ccttac? 'if 4 rooms. t;3t!i and basement;
pood lccatir.n for grocery; %Z<*> down, $15 month.
$1750— Fine new oattSCfJ cf 4 rooms, bath ar.J
bcicment: $->00 down. $10 a month; Wisconsin
St.. r.etr Twor.ly-f.fih.
BARGAIN — Two handsome new residences of
6 rooms and bath ; funny, modern and up to
date in every particuiar; Nos. JXW and 068
Clayton Ft., near Go'.<1rn Gate Park; price
IM0A and $^4rtll. Apply R. D. CRANSTON'
_ EONS, 114 Montgomery ft.
$2. r i0 AND ?2O month; cottar", 5 r. and b.. on
I;iajnond. bt-t. Jersey, Ellu-.beth. _<ih. Army.
$4500—2 new flats. 4-5 r. and b: Mission & 2»th.
S500 down; rents pays the balance.
D. COFFIN _ f"O.. SStt! MiEeion 6t.
CtTTLD cn your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
TINE income flats on Fulton, r.r. City Hall;
reasonable. Inquire I_ Fulton «t . owner.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
|v>Ftae«> paid.
REAL ESTATE: Country — For Sale.
ALFALFA lands, Ftock ranches, orchards.
vineyards; Inspected bargains: monthly c»ta-
Icrues rent free. C. _. WOOSTER CO.. 648
Market st.
FOR pcultiy and dairy ranches yielding a rocd
profit. HAMILTON & KENPRICK.Petalursa.
CHEAPKFT end beet in America— The Weekly
Pall 1C pares, sent to any address in the
TJr'.ted fitat<Mi'or Canada one year for $1.
~POIXT RICHMOND REAL, ESTATE.
WATER front lota and barral n«: all tracts;
rr.nr-r rrintoe rtr. RELL. 417 Parrott bid*.
11EAL ESTATE JO EICHAXGE.
OAKLAND property to exchange for a email
ranch in Sonoma or Napa C?ounty. P. C.
LASSEN _ CO.. 4«8 Tenth sU Oakland. Cal.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY .REAL ESTATE.
|S00— A BARGAIN; 4-room cottace; lot 25x
130: street work complete; well and pump.
J1500 One acre; one block of station, one
block and a t_lf from electric cars; a big
snap. > .
«::.VX> — Business corner, larte eize; well
*orth $3500; street work complete.
$2000— A larre etore In a good location; lot
£5x100; ea£y tcrmi'.
$2CS0— A 7-room house, nearly new; lot 50x
140; street work cnmrilete.
L. J. MOItAN & CO..
2131 Khattuck ave., Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BEOADWAY.
<OAKLA\D HEAL ESTATE. ~~
SPECIAL I i-r;. ir.ii — Two fine flats, rented for
$r»0 per month; price only *47OO; rood loca-
tion; aJf^i a fine 4-room cottage, with bath;
only tWW. V. c. LASSEN _ CO.. 4«« Tenth
Ft.. Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAND FIRSITCRE FOR SALE,
TO-MORROW the daT^or^barsTa_tPln~furnn
ture. H. gcht-llhaas. 11th rt..cor.store.Oaklnd.
Mill Valley Advertisements.
MILL VALLEV REAL ESTATE.^
"•"ILLA sites and Improved property; dairy
v ranches; Cushing an<j Stetson tracts. For
information apply to .«oie arent for lands T
L. & W. Co., I/JUJS L. JAXES. real esUte,
Hayward building. 4KS California gt. "
SKWI.\C M ACIU.% E3 AXD SUPPLIES
JCEW HOME eewlne; machine; this week only;
$10. $lfi. (20: rli^htly used; needier 20c doz.
NEW HOME S. M. CO.. 1051 Mareet ft.
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leav© ami ttrm due to urn ve at
SAJS FKANCISCO.
(Mala Line. Foot of M— Itet Street )
LB*T« — FKOM OCTOBS-ai. 1*)3. — A»*ITB
7 -00a Benicla, Sulsun. Klalra aad Sacra- _
mento "... — V? 5 '
7XCU V»eaTllle, Winters, Ramsey 7.6v
7.30a Msrtlnea, San Ramon. Valleja.
Napa. Callstog*. SanU Rosa B2Sr
730a Nile*. Llrermore, Tracy. Lathrop.
Stockton ».. 7.25f
800* Dsrls. Woodland. Knlgbts Landing.
Marysville, OroTrlile 7.55i»
8 00 a Atlantic Express— Ogden«ndKasi. 1025 a
8 JOa Port Costa, Martinez, Antloch. By-
ron,Tr»c7,Su>ckton,9acrmmenta,
Newman. Los Baaos. Mendota,
Armona. Lemoore, Hanford.
VlsMI*. Portervllle 4_S»
8-SOa Port Costa. M«rtiaez. Trmcy. L»th-
- rop. Modesto. Merced. Fresao.
Ooanen Junction. Lemoore, Han-
ford. Vlsalia. BakersSeld 4 53*
8.5C* Shasta Express— DarK Williams £7
(for Bartlett Springs). Willows,
trrato. Ked Blurt. Portland 7.M*
••30a Niles, Saa Jose. Llrerinore. Stock-
ton.Ione.SacrAmesto.nacerTUle.
MarysTtlle. Chlco. Ked BloS 4.25*
1.50a Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown. 9o-
nora. Tnolumne amt Angels 4. 25?
900a Martinez and Wsj Stations A%9 r
1000a Vallejo-..., ...*-..„ 12.25?
:o.wu '
¦ • fort c^orta. Martinet, Byma.
Tracy. Latnrop, Stockton, «
Merced. Raymond. Fresno. Qa_
ford. Vlaalla. Bakersflald. Lo*
Anreles , 'West-
bound arrrtes Tiatv_t Line)... «1.3Q?
10 00a The Overland Limited — Ogdea.
Penyer, Omaha. Chicago 5?5 1 '
1200m Hayward. NIlea and Way Stations. 3.2Sr
t1 -QOr S»cr*m- n to KlTer Steamers Til .00*
3.30r Benlcla, Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland. Knights Landing.
MarysTllle. OrotUle and way
•tatlons... *2'35*
J.30F Hajw»rd.Ntles and W»y Stations.. 7.65r
3.30r Ton Costa. Martinet. Bjron. ;. •.
Tracy. Lathrop. Modesto.
Merced. Fresno and Way Sea- - J^
tlons beyond Port Coata 12-23*
330* Martlne».Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 10.25a
4.00* Martlnei.SanUnmon.ValleJo.JJap*.
Callsto««. Santa Rosa... 9-25»
4 OOr Nile*, Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4.25*
430* Hayward. Nllei. Irrlagton, San ? tS.BSA
Jose. LtTennore t ti 1.5o*.
SCO* The Owl Umlted— Newman. Los
nanos. Mendota. Fresno. Talare.
Ilakarsaeld. Los Angeles 8 55a
6 CO* Port Coata. Tracy. Stockton '2? 5p
t630r Hayward, Nile* and San Jose 7.25a.
6.00r Ilaywtrd. Nlles and Saa Joae 10-21*
6.00* Oriental Mall— Og-ien. Dearer,
Omaha, St. Lou!*. Chicago and
East. Port Costa, Benlcla. Sul-
sun, Elmtra, Davu. Sacramento*.
Rocklln. Auburn, Colfax.
Truckee. Boca, Reno. Wada-
worth. Wlnnemucca, Battls
Mountain, Elko 4. 23*
6.00* Vallejo. dally, except Bamlay.... I -j »>
7.00T- Vallejo. Sunday only f "^
7.C0* 8an Psblo, Port Costa, Martinet
and Way Stations. t 11.25a
SX5* Orejon <fe California Express— Sao-
ramento, MarysTtlle. Keddlng,
Portland, Pn-^t Sound and East. 3-55a
9.10* Ilayward, Nllea end San Jose (Sa_
lUyonly) 11-BSa
COAST LINE (Harrow «aa*«).
(Foot or Mxrfcet Street.) -
C 16* Newark. CenterTllle. San Jos*.
Keiton. Boulder Creek. SaaU
Crnz and Way Stations OSS'
H-ISf Newark. Centarrllle. Saa Jose.
New Almadan-.Loa Gaux.FeHon.
Boulder Creek. Santa Crux aad
Principal Way SUUons 10 53a
4 IE* Newark. San Jose, Los Gatos and •
way stations t3-65 »
fl3 33* Hunters Train. Saturday only, 8an
Jose *D'l Way Stations. Sunday
• only returns from Loa Gatoa .... Xt-T&f
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rruni SAN If'ICAN CISCO. Foot of Market 3U (Slip*)
—tills t:CO 11:00 a.m. 100 300 5.15 *.*.
from OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t6:0O „:•»
1S:0ft 10:00 a.m. 12 00 2 00 400 *.m.
COAST LINE (Broa.l Ua. K e).
Or Cl'ntrd and Townsend Street*.)
6 10* San Jose and Way Stations • 30*
7.00a San Jose anil Way Stations 5 36*
8.00a New Almaden (Tues.. Frtd.. only), 4.1a*
8 CO a Coast Line Llml ted— Stops only San
Jose. Gllroy (connection for Hol-
llster), Pajaro. CastroTille. Sa-
linas. San Anio. Paso Boblea.
SanuMargarlta, San Luis Obispn.
Principal stations thence Surf
(connection for Lompoc) princi-
pal stations thence Santa Bar-
Sara and Los Angeles. Connec-
tion at C_trovlll0 to and from
Monterey and Pacldc GroTe 19-49?
9.C0a fian Jose. Tres Plnos. Capttola,
SantaCrnz,Paclflc Urore, Salinas.
San Luis Obtspo and Principal
Way Stations 4.10*
10-30a San Jose and Way Stations. 1.20*
11.30a Santa Clara, Saa Jose, Los Gatos
and Way Stations 7.30*
1-30* 6an Jose and Way Stations 8 33a
3.00* Pacific Grore Express— SantaClara
.' " . S*n Jose. Del Monte, Monterey,
'¦'¦¦ ;.-_.' PaclflcGroTe (connects at Santa
'* * Clara for SaoU Cruz. Bonlder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points)
at GUroy for Holllster. Tres
Plnos. at CsstroTille for Salinas. 12.15*.
3.ZBt Gilroj Way Passenger 91043a
t4 4 5* San Jose, (Tl» SanU (Mara) Los
Gatos, and Principal Way Sta-
' tlons (except Sunday) *9 28a
<5-30p Can Jose and Principal Way Stations 18.00 a
S.CCp Bnnaet Limited. Kastboon d.— Saa
Luis Obis jo. Saou Barbara, Los
Angeles, Demiog. £1 Paso. New
Orleans. New York. (Westbound
•rriYeavlaSanJoaqulaValley)... «t$25a
ti.15* SanMateo.Beresford.Belnsont.Saa
Carlos, Redwood. Fair Oaks,
MenloPark. Palo Alto T8.«3a
6.30* Can, Jose and Way Stations 8.38a
11.30* Soutn San Francisco, Mlllbrae, Bur-
Ilngame. San Mateo, Belmont,
San Carlos. Kedwood, Fair Oaks, -
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto S.4S*
¦H.SOr MayQeld, Mountain View, Sunny-
Tale. Lawrence. Saat* Clara and
San Jose t9-45*
" A for Morning. P for Afternoon, '
t Snnday oaly.
I 6 top* at all stations on Sunday.
t Sunday excepted. a Saturday only.
« Via Coast Lino. tr Via 6»n Joaquln Valley.
Or Only trains stopping at Valencia St. sontboosa.*!
m»6:U A.M.. t7:00A.M..ll:SO A.M. ,3:t»r.*. and 6:30 *._
CALIFORNU NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
BAX-WAY GOUP-JTT.
Titmron _ errr. root of Maxkat Stxe*-
BAR X___TCZSCO TO SAH _____—.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 8:00. 11:00 _ m. ; _t:33.
8:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extr* trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:30 aad 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 _ m.: 1:30. 3:3th
6:00. 6:20. 11:30 cm..
SAW _A_ AXL TO SAW ___3fCZSCO.
"WEEK DATS — 6:05. 7:35, 7:50. 9:20i 11:1*
a. m.: 12:50. 8:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m. - v
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:03 and 6:88 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8 :CO. 9:40. 11:13 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
4:Bg. S :0S, 6:25 p. m. .' .
Leave 1 . In KTfect I ArrtT*
Ban Franclsco.l B«pt. 27. 1908. [San FTancUco.
Week I Sun- j Dastlna. I Sun- I Witk
Days. I days. I tlon. f days. [ Dajrs.
7:30a 8:00 a 9:10 a 8:40 a
9 :30 a I«_i do. 10:40 a 10 .20 a
8:30 p 8:30 p 6:03 p 6:2* 9
6:10 p 6:0O p 7:35 p
7:30 a 9:10 a 8:40 m
8:00 a Norato. 10:40 a 10:20 s>
3:80 p 9:80 a Petaluma. 0:05 p 6:20 9
C:10p 8:30 p and 7:33 p
8:00 p Santa. Rosa.
7:20 a 110: 40 a 10:20 a
8:00 al Fulton. 7:33 p 6:20 9
8:30 p 8:80 p
Windsor. I
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburg: 10:40 a 10:20 «
Lytton.
8:30 p 3:30 p Geyservllle. 7:33 p 6:20 9
I ClorerdaJa. f
7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a!10:20 a
3:30 a| 3:30 p| and Ukiah. f 7:33 p( 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:0Oa| Wjl.Ilta. l7:35pj6:20p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 *
3:30 p| 3:30 p| GaernavlllB. | 7:33 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I 9:10 al 8:40 a
6:10 p| 5:00 p| Olen Ellen. ( 6:03 p( 0:20 p
7:30al 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a
8:30 p| 3:30 p| Eebaatopol. |7:35p|8:23p
STAGES connect at Oreen Brae for Saa
Quentln: at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at'Gey-
servllle for Skas;s;s Springs; at Cloverdale for
tho Oeyaers. Boonevllle and Oreen wood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
KelseyvlUe. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uktah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell La ke. Witter Spring*. Upper Lake, Pomo.
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside. Llerly's.
Bucknell's Sanbedrln Heights. Hullville. Orr's
Hot Springs, Halfway House, Cornptcb*. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. '
Westport, U«al; at W1111U for Fort Bragg.
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto, Covello, Layton-
vllle, Cummlnga. Bell' a Springs. Harris. 01-
aen's. Dyer. Garbervtlle, Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka. S •
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trip ticket* to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 630 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X RYAN.
. Pen. Manager. Pen. Pass. Art-
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave Tia SiimUvj Tsrrj Arrive
San Francisco Toot of Mixfcrt St San Fran cbco
Week Sun- _JSqCL_ Suo * w «*
Days. days <fc*ys Days.
ifFJifl •sTooT l|_l_SH3_ *^:»»p foTfci
•l:45r 9:OOa !&_?§_*&»' l:*»r *:5tfp
5:15r 1O:OOa W_^5Sf *:50p 5:8Op
11:00a 4:3Op 9:30r
*0_a_i TiUistsys fcr Kyssa and ?_»* Csjay
TICUT I ft2S Makkkt St.,(. North Shore Railroad)
<UTIC_ J and Sa vsauto Fuxv, Foot Mar kat St.
MABBIAGE LICENSES. •
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
.Tenn Olesen, 39, city, and Ortrud Kristen-
¦en, 21. city.
Filippo Baciarinl. 31. Duttons Landing, and
Faustina Yola, £2, Suisun.
Peter A. Maclntyre, 20, city, and Effle M.
Crowder. 20. city.
Fred E. Bullif". M, Palo Alto, and Lueella
Huntly, 4C, Santa Roaa.
Michael J. O'Brien. 40. 154 Clara street, and
Catherine Murphy, 25. 11CO Powell street.
William F. Kelly, 41. Marysvllle. and Char-
lotte Fells, 33. Marysville.
Albert W. Daniels, 35, 1839 Mission street,
and Daisy E. Collins, 26, 1839 MiEtlon street.
Harry W. Hanson. 26, Denverton, and Helma
H. Tonneron, 24. Birds Landing.
Jeremiah Coughlin, 45, city, and Annie King,
30, city.
Frank L. Ranedall. 45, Modesto, and Lillie
E. Boyd, 32, San Diego.
William W. Clark, 26, 1007 «$ Market street,
and Grace V. Johnston. 20. 104 Clara avenue.
Joseph Segler, 39, Watsonvllle, and Malll
Veelsman, 22, city.
David V. Sullivan, 21. 1040 Howard street,
and Apnes Kelly, 18. 313 Fremont street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
cons authorized to have tho same published.
BOBN.
PROUTT— In this city, November 9, 1903, to
the wife of C. J. Prouty. a son.
MABBIED.
DEVECHKA— UHRIK— In this city, Novem-
ber 8, 1003, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder,
Mike Devechka and Anna Uhrik.
KRONE— DREWS— In this city. November 8.
1D03, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder. William
C. Krone and Margarethe Drews.
_____
Aheme, Marrarle Lonjers, Ida B.
Armstrong, Frederick McCooey, James
Banahan, Michael McMlchael. Jamea
Burnham, Sophia A. Manning, John W.
Busbat. Louis Mannix. John J.
Daly. Mary E. Xelson, Albert-
Delagnes, Rosine O'Brien, Mollie - . ,
Doren, Gertrude Pettus, Lydla S.
Fike, Mrs. Cordelia Reuter. William
Fitzgerald, Jas. F. Rice. Delia-
* Glynn. Mrs. M. Roberts. Robert T..
Hamilton. Wm. J. Rogers, Clarence E.
Harrison. Annie Scheld. Ernest A. F.
Hedderich. Henry Sherry. Ellen
Henderson. Elizabeth Ewanson, Harold J.
Ledyard. Edward T. Welch, James J.
. Lenci, Pilade
AHERNE— In this city, November 10, 1903,
Margarle Aherne, wife of Patrick Aherne.
and loving mother of Catherine. Dennis. Jen-
nie and Eugene Aherne and Mrs. H. Peter-
6en, a native of County Donegal, Ireland.
ARMSTRONG— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, November 9, 1003, Frederick Arm-
strong, a native of England, aged 4(5 years.
BANAHAN— In this city, .November 9, 1903.
Michael, dearly beloved husband of Ellen
Banahan, and father of Annie M., Daniel P.,
Raymond F. and the late John J. and Aileen
V. Banahan, beloved brother of Mrs.
F.^klcGrechan, Mrs. P. Donohue, Mrs.. D.
Sullivan and Mrs. E. J. Mahoney, a native
of County Leitrim. Ireland, aged 43 years.
E_"The funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Carew _ English, 29 Van Ness ave-
nue, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ST. PATRICK'S Mutual Alliance Associa-
tion of California — The funeral detail will
assemble at 29 Van Ness avenue to escort
the remains of our deceased brother,
Michael Banahan, to St. Joseph's Church
cn Wednesday morning at 9. o'clock, and from
there to the place of interment. All members
invited to attend.
THOS. M. SEARY. President.
T. E. GIBBONS. Cor. Sec.
BURNHAM— In this city, November 9, 1903,
Sophia Augusta Burnham, a native of Maine,
aged 75 years.
tCTFrfenris and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late
i residence, 87 Chenery street, near Thirtieth.
Interment private.
BUSBAT— In the City and County Hospital,
November 9, l»03, Louis Busbat, a native of
France, aged 37 years.
DALY — In this city, November !>, 1903, of
pneumonia, Mary Elizabeth, dearly beloved
dauRhter of Cornelius and Margaret Daly, a
native of San Francisco, aged 1 year 11
months and 13 days.
ICThe funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 618 Precita avenue, near Alabama
street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DELAGNES— In this city, November 10, 1903,
Roslne Delajtnea, beloved wife of Henri
Delagnes, mother of Esther and Blanch
Delagnes. eistor-ln-law of 'Benjamin Delag-
nes. aunt of Albines and Ida Delagnes. and
cousin of Mr. and Mrs. Colmels and Mr. and
Mrs. L. Henri, a native of Decazevllle,
France.
C_*Notlce' of funeral hereafter.
DOREN— In this city, November 9, 1903, Ger-
trude, dearly beloved twin daughter of Jo-
seph J. and Mary E. Doren. a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year 2 months and 21 days.
C7The funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the resi-
dents cf the parents. 203 Day street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FIKE — In Oakland. November 10. 1903, Mrs.
Cordelia Fike, beloved mother of Georre F.
Bush, a native of. New York.
1T3 "Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her son, 362 Tenth street. Oakland.
Services will bo held under the direction of
Unity Chapter No. «5. O. E. S., of which
deceased wns a member.
FITZGERALD — Entered into rest in this city,
November 9, liHrt, James F.. dearly beloved
husband of Bridget Fitzgerald, and dearly
beloved father of Mrs. M. J. Fitzgerald and
Mr?. B. J. Pye, a native of Dublin. Ireland,
aged 77 years.
m?"FriPndp and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1131 Broadway, thence to St.
Brigid'3 Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cress Cemetery.
GLYNN — In this city, November 0, 1903, Mrs.
Margaret Olynn, loving mother of Mrs.
James C. Petrie, Mrs. John Lalng, Mrs.
James XV. Maitland and Thomas A. Glynn
of Holland, Or., a native of County Mayo,
Ireland, aged 02 years. (Holland, Or., papers
please copy.)
ICFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of II. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth, thence to St.
Patrick's Church for services at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
HAMILTON— In this city, November 10, 1903,
William J., beloved husband of Annette
Hamilton, a native of Canada.
HARRISON— In this city, November 10, . 1903,
Annie, beloved wife of Harry Harrison, and
beloved daughter of Richard and Mary Wil-
liams, a native of Ban Francisco, aged 27
years 4 months and 28 days.
[?^Notice of funeral hereafter.
HEDDERICH — In Alameda, November 10,
1903, Henry, beloved son of C. H. and Meta
Hedderich, a native of San Franclsoo, aged
22 yeara and 3 months.
C/"Funeral Thursday, November 12, at
1:30 o'clock, from the residence, 912 San
Antonio' avenue, Alameda. ¦
HENDERSON — In Berkeley, : November 10,
1903, Elizabeth G. Henderson, beloved wife
of John Henderson, and mother of Edward
• F., Marv G. and Horace N. Henderson.
(CTFuneral and interment private.
LEDYARD — In Alameda, Cal., November 9,
1903, Edward Thomas Ledyard, father of T.
D. Ledyard of Toronto and G. L. Ledyard
of Gault, Canada, and Dr. W. E. Ledyard of
Alameda, John 8. Ledyard of Berkeley and
Mrs. George Frier of Alameda, a native of
England, aged 92 years 0 months and 1U
days. «
|_rFi lends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday) at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of hln daughter, Mr*. George Frier,
2117 Santa Clara avenue. Interment private,
Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
LENCI — In this city, November I), 1903, Pilade,
dearly beloved husband of Lucy L«ncl, father
of Robert Lenci, son-in-law of Mrs. Robert
McPherson, and brother of Vincenzo Lenci,
Mrs. A. de Santl and Mrs. Italia Malerbl, a
. native of. Italy, aged 29 years 1 month and
27 daye.' . •
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1929 Stockton street, thence to Italian
Cemetery.
LONJERS— In this city, November 9. 1003, Ida
Belle, beloved wife of the late Charles Lon-
Jera. daughter of Lizzie and the late -Fred-
erick Brown, and eister of Fredrick and
Walter Brown and Mrs. Mollie Powell of
Stockton, a native of San Francisco, aged
2CUyears 2 months and 5 days. ,-
f C_'The funeral will take place to-day
<Wedne«day), at 8:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the United Undertakers, 860 Mission
etreet, thence to St. Mary's Church (Paul-
lst). where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul at 9
o'clock. Interment private.
McCOOEY— A BOlemn requiem mass for the r<»-
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.) .
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite LlncoLn School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and' Embalmers.— —
Formerly In Metropolitan ' Temple, ¦>'
Now at »60 MISSION, TTel. South 167,
• 'Between Fourth and Fifth,' near Fifth st.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
pese of the soul el tjie late James Mc-
Cooey will be celebrated at St. Charles
Borromeo's Church, Wednesday, the 11th
lnst., commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Friends
and acquaintances are respectfully Invited
.to attend.
McMICHAEL— In this city. November 8, 1003.
James, beloved husband of Nellie McMichael,
father- of Ella, Eveline, Hazel, James, Myr-
tle Edna and Bernlce McMlchael, and
brother, of Robert and Edward McMlchael,
a native of San Francisco, aged 41* years 11
months and 24 daye.
C_*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitW to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 12:45 o'clock, from the mor-
tuary chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking
Company, 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-
first, thence to St. John's Church, where
services will be held at 1:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Croir* Cemetery.
MANNING — In this city." November 10, 1903,
John W. Manning, beloved son of the late
Michael and Julia Manning:, a native of San
Francisco, ared S9 years and 6 months.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 12 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros.. 224-226 McAllister
street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of Golden Gate Aerie
No 01 F O E., are . requested to attend
the funeral of our late brother, John Man-
ring from the funeral parlors of McGinn
Bros Thursday, November 12. at 12 o'clock.
E. C. LAWS, President.
OFFICERS and members of Hackmen's Union,
Local No. 224, I. B. O. T.— Please take. no-
tice that you are earnestly requested to at-
tend th- funeral of our late brother. John
Manning, Thursday, at 12 o clock, from the
funeral parlors of McGinn Bros.. 221-220
UoAULtcr street. _. preMiQt
MANNIX— In this city, November 0. 1903, John
J beloved xon of John and Annie Mannix.
and brother of Helen. Frankie and Eileen
Mannix, a native of San Francisco, asred 8
years and 10 months.
_TFriendR and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the' funeral to-day
(Wednesday) at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his' parents. 1037 Hampshire street,
thence to St Peter's Church for cervices,
commencing at 10 o-clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
NELSON— In the City and County Hospital.
November 10. 1003, Albert Nelson.
'O'BRIEN— In this city. November 9. 1903.
Mollie, dearly beloved daughter of Morgan
J and Mary -O'Brien, and beloved slater of
Catherine and Susie O'Brien, a native of San
Francisco.
(OTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 347 Bartlett street, thence to St.'
James Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
.Cross Cemetery.
PETTUS— In this city, November 9, ,1903.
Lydla Schalike Pettus, wife of T. A. Pettus,
and dearly beloved and only daughter of Mrs.
F W Schalike, a native of San Francisco,
aged 27 years 3 months and 20 days. (Hono-
lulu papers please copy.)
iryFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fulfv invited to attend the funeral to-day
("Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
REUTER— In this city. November 9, 1003,
William, beloved husband of. the late Hen-
rlette M. M. Reuter, and devoted father of
Carl Gertrude, Clara and William Reuter Jr., \
a native of Germany, aged 08 years 2 month* ;
and 18 days.
GTFrlends and acquaintances and officers i
and members or Herrman Lodge No. 143,
1 O O F., are respectfully invited to at-
tend' the tuneral to-day (Wednesday), at
2 o'clock, from his late residence, 213 Capp
street between Seventeenth and Eighteenth.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HICE In this city. November 9. 1003. Delia,
beloved wife- of James Rice, and mother of
Hatty and Julia Rice, a native of County ,
Galway. Ireland, aged &3 years.
(DTKriends and acquaintances are respect- I
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission
Btreet, thonce to St. John's Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at »:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. ,
ROBERTS— In this city, November 9. 1903,
Robert T. Roberts, beloved husband of the
late Hanna Roberts, and brother of the late
Mrs. Owen l J ierc<\ a native of Wales, aged
7tS years 7 months and 27 days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day November 11, at 1 o'clock, from the
mortuary chapel of tho Golden Gate Under-
taking Company. 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-first, thence to the Welsh Presby-
terian Church. Fourteenth street, between
Guerrero and Valencia, where services will
b<» held at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
ROGERS— rln this city. November 10. 1903, at
the rarentR' residence, 270 Harriet street.
Clarence Edmund, beloved son of Clarence
I? and Jessie Rogers, and brother of Leslie,
Gordon, Jessie and Georgia Rogers, a na-
tive of, San Francisco, aged 8 months and
16 days. ;
SCHEID— In this city, November 0, 1003; at
the residence of his parents, 4610 Mission
street, Ernest A. F. Scheid, youngest and be-
loved son of Joseph W. and Bemadlna
Beheld, brother of Sophia, William. Joseph.
Gustave and Dina Scheid, and grandson of
Mr. William Lotze, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year 1 month and 1 day.
SHERRY — In this city, November 8, 1003,
Ellen, dearly beloved daughter of the late
Poter and Mary Bherry, dearly beloved sister
of Annie. Patrick. John and Mike Sherry,
Mrs. J. F. Turloff. Mrs. J. F. Smith. Mre.
P Evans and Mrs. B. Nevelle. and sister-
in-law of Captain John F. Turloff. a native
of County Monaghan. Ireland, aged 40 years
1 month and H days.
SWANSON— In this city. November 10. 1903.
Harold Joseph Swanson, beloved son of
Henry ond the late Emma Swanson, and
brother of Amelia Swanson, a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year and 4 daya.
WELCH— In this city. November lV, 1903.
1 James J. Welch, beloved son of the late
Bridget Welch Rlelly, a native of New York.
aged 37 years.
/^u£*\§ ' ** k ! ' § ' or — tr effiMi
1» * 847 Geary St
Llreoiiy opysiite Smtoga Hall
Reduced Rates for Thirty Days
Painless Extraction 25c
Fillings 50c
Crowns $2.00 to $5.00
Plate Work . . . $5.00 to $25.00
LOOK fOt THIS Aft BAOH OTEZB DAT.
A Series in Gold (by Bryson).
Coming soon with The Sunday
Call is a set of striking poses in
four colors with heavy gold border,
printed on heavy plate paper.
Words will not adequately de-
scribe these remarkable pictures.
They are new, nothing of "their
kind has ever been used by a
newspaper and The Call will be the
first publication In the country to
issue them, having obtained the
exclusive control of their use from
their owner. - --
"Watch for later announcements,
with titles and descriptions.. ,. .
"AT • THE OPERA" WILL, BE
ISSUED NEXT 8UNDAT.
'bailway tbavel.
I CALIFORNIA fl
i LIMITED TO OHIO AGO |
N Leave* Bondays and Tharedays B
I I) 8^0 a. m., through In 8 days, B
El with diner and all trappings. , K
Other Santa Fe Trains : .
oiS «' I for Stockton; FfMno, BaVenlltJd,
2:^ «* «' » Merced, Haaford aad VUalia.
«:uu p. m. i
4.00 p. m. tot Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand C— 170a aad
Chicayo. . X -. ..-
Tickxt Optic*: 641 Market St., and Yarrj
Depot. 3. F. Also 11U Broadway, OaJc-
land.Cal.
¦~~ ~" TO SAN RAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
via Sausalito Ferry.
suburban Service, (standard Gauge Electric—
Depart from Pan Francisco Dally— 7:00. »:o«,
8:00, 10:00. 11:00 a m.. 12:2O, 1:45. 3:13.
415. 8:15. 6:15, 7:00, 8:45. 10:20. 11:45 p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FKANCISCO
—Dally— fi:25, 6:35. 7:40. 8:35, 9:35, 11:05
a. m.. 12:20. 1:45,. 2:55. 3:45. 4:45. 5:45. «:45.
8:45,10:20 p. m.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Dally— 5 :45, 6:55. 7:82. 8:55. 9:55,
11:20 a. m.. 12:35. 2:00, 3:15, 4:05. 3:05. 0:05.
7:06, 0:00. 10:35 p. m.
. . THROUGH TRAINS. _ES_P
8 :00 a. m . week days — Cazadero aad way
stations. „
8:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
¦tatlons. , . .• * .
Sundays only — 10 a- _., Point Reyes and way
stations. • ~H£?^*S**-^**C*M*M_Sjra_»_
TICKET OFFICE— «28 Market st.
FERRT— Union Depot, foot of Market »USues Husband for Support.
Franjiska Lorenz, who was married to
Rudolph Lorenz In Germany eleven years
ago, filed. a suit for maintenance against
him yesterday.. She says that slnca Octo
ber 12 last, when he deserted her, she has
had to depend upon her own effort3 and
th-2 charity of others for her support. She
says he earns good wages as an expert
confectioner and should be compe.lod to
make fcer an allowance of JJO a month.
Lola Roberts, a waitress in a danc©
hall on Kearny street, met Hjalmer Nell
son, a bartender, at Washington and
Kearny streets while she was on her way
home early yesterday morning. Neilson
asked her for a kiss and because she re
fused he struck her on the breast. She
shouted for help, and Policemen Holmes
and Skaio arrested Nellson on a charge
of battery. He appeared before Police
Judge Mogan yesterday and the case was
continued till this morninc
She Refused to Kiss Him.
The machinists employed by the South
ern Pacific have asked for an Increase of
wages. J. D. Buckalew, president of the
international association, representing the
machinists, has been in consultation with
the officials of the railroad with the object
of reaching an agreement. At present the
average pay of the men ranges from 33
to 38 cents an hour. The men want 40
cents flat, without any change in tha
working hours.-
The Hat and Cap Makers' Union is forc
ing the union label on its products.
The trouble between the employes and
the officials of the telephone company is
now settled, and President McNulty has
left for his home In the East.
Of Interest to Labor Unions.
Customs Promotion.
Harry F. Ruthrauf, night inspector of
customs, has been promoted to b© dis
charging Inspector. «
Reduced rate* on household goods to '4b from
the East & South. Uekln's. 11 Montgomery. •
John Johnson, chief engineer of the
gasoline schooner Monterey, filed a libel
in the United States District Court yes
terday against the vessel to recover J539,
alleged to be due as wages.
Libel for Wages.
Wedding cake boxes, wedding stationery. Ed
ward S. Knowles, 24 Second et.. Main 60S. •
Held on Bobbery Charge.
George Ring and Frank Badgalupi were
helu to answer before the Superior Court
by Police Judge Fritz yesterday on a
charge of roooery in $2000 Bonds each.
They are accused of holding up and rob
bing Joseph Frank of 36 Clay street of
$7 35 on the night of October *j.
Insolvent Carpenter.
George W. Griffin, a carpenter and
ealoon-keeper of Loleta, Humboldt Coun
ty, filed a petition in insolvency yester
fiay in the Unlttd States District Court
He owes J1803 and has $577 assets.
The old original Indian Basket Store,
63S Post et., cor. Jones, selling out at cost.
Examine our stock before buying. •
La Grille BemovecL
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday ordered William S. La Grille
removed to Los Angeles for trial on a
charge of Impersonating a United States
secret Bcnice officer.
Stole a Box of Cigars.
Willie Murphy; a small boy, stole a box
of cigars from M. Wolf's store, 1348 Mar
ket street, on Monday night and Police
man Cook discovered him selling them
on Market street near the Central Thea
ter. Tho l>oy told tne officer where he
had stolen the box and he was booked
on a charge of petty larceny.- Yesterday
he was sent to the Juvenile Court.
The work of treating the roadway of
Second avenue, between Clement and
California streets, with oil was begun
yesterday under the supervision of the
inspectors of tho Board of Works. The
work comprises first the sprinkling of the
roadway with oil and then the laying of
a layer of macadam one inch In thickness.
This is sprinkled again with oil and the
mass is rolled by machinery until it is
compact. On this is put a layer of sand,
which receives a final rolling. Insuring a
smooth and dustless roadway. The cost
of the work is borne by property-owners.
This is the initial work of a proposed
plan to treat many streets In the Rich
mond district, Including Point Lobos ave
nue, with oil.
Treating Street With Oil.
Shoes 25c a Pair.
To-morrow (Thursday). 9 o'clock, ladles'
shoes, high or low. Slippers also 25c a pair.
Busy See Shoe Co., 1029 Market street, above
Piith. •
Reports Loss of a Shotgun.
. C. C. Bradcn, an employe of the Stan
dard Oil Company at Point Richmond,
reported to the police last night that he
had « suffered the loss of a twelve-guage
shotgun, valued at 543, while wjmingr in
the ferry depot for a Santa Fe boat.
Braden states that he purchased the gun
yesterday afternoon, and upon going to
the waiting-room last evening placed it
by his side. ¦ He fell asleep, and upon
waking up twenty minutes later found
that the 'gun had been- stolen.
Champagne.
A« usual Moet & Chandon heads the list of
importations to the United States up to No
vember 1. according to the recognized and au
thentic organ of the importations of wines.
Bcnfort'e Wine and Spirit Circular of Xew
York: Moet & Chandon White Seal and Brut
Imperial, 91,612 cases; Ilumm. 00,904 cases;
I'ommery, 24,240 cases; Ruinart, 19,005 cases;
Clicquot. 11.934 rases; Roederer, 3576 cases.
Moet & Chandon has the distinction of being
the only ivlne «erv*-d at the banquet tendered
by the "Old Guard'" of New Tork to the An
cient and Honorable Artillery of BoEton and its
irueEUs. the Honourable Artillery Company of
London. Moet & Chandon White Seal is al
most exclusively used at all prominent social
eatherings. — Post. •
The Civil Service Commission yesterday
issued the following list of eligibles for
chief plumbing inspector. Department of
Health, as a result of the recent exami
nation: Thomas J. Farrell, 91.3 per cent;
William D. Hobro Jr., S7.7; Thomas A.
Casserly, 79.G; Peter Mulligan. 7S.S. Far
rell is now a plumber in the Department
of Works and Hobro, Casserly and Mulli
gan are assistant plumbing inspectors un
der the Health Board. Ten applicants
took the examination, six, of whom failed.
May Be Chief Plumbing Inspector.
Mayor Schmitz "visited the Union Iron
¦\Yorks yesterday and was accorded a big
reception by the men employed there.
The Mayor delivered a brief address, in
which he thanked the men for their sup
port of his candidacy and promised to
continue to serve the whole people as
Mayor. The Mayor was then presented
with an immense bouquet of flowers.
Mayor Schmitz Gets Big Reception.
The parallel case of Milton Blanchard,
principal of the Hancock School, who also
administered corporal punishment to a
boy named Raggio, is cited in behalf of
Miss Dwyer. Blanchard received only a
reprimand from the board which tried
him on the charge and the present board
feels somewhat averse to meting out such
a humiliation to a lady principal.
The Board of Education will render its
decision at to-day's meeting in the case
of Miss Jean A. Dwyer, acting principal
of the South End School, who was ac
corded a public hearing recently on
charges of having severely punished
Frank Duignan, a pupil in the school.
The board discussed the case at its last
meeting, but was unable to arrive at any
decision. It is understood that at least
one of the directors is of the opinion that
Miss Dwyer did not punish the boy ex
cessively, while another is of the opinion
that Miss Dwyer 6hould not be called to
account for ho.r act.
Board of Education to Announce Its
Findings on Punishment of Pupils
by Miss J. A. Dwyer.
WILL DECIDE CASE OF
THE ACTING PRINCIPAL
A large number of witnesses were ex
amined yesterday for the prosecution* In
cluding Fire Marshal Towe, James 'Con
r.iff and John FItzpatrick of the Fire De
partment, who described minutely the
condition of the shop at the time of the
tire and after. It was shown that Gularte
had a short time before the fire insured
his *tock for $300. The trial was contin
ued till this morninc
The trial of Antone Gularte on a
charge of arson was commenced before a
Jury in Judge Lawlor's court yesterday.
Gularte conducted a barber shop at 415
Powell street. A fire broke out in. two
places in the shop on the morning of Sep
tember 12. The flames were quickly sub
dued and Fire Marshal Towe, after mak
ing* an investigation, decided to arrest
Gularte. There is a lodging-house above
the shop and thirteen people were asleep
in it at the time of the fire.
Is Accused of Having Set Fire to His
Barber Shop on Powell
Street.
GULAHTE ON TRIAL ON
A CHARGE OF ARSON
Interlocutory decrees were granted to
Etta Ncalon from James Joseph Nealon
for cruelty, Freda Greenwood from Hugo
Greenwood for neglect. Mattie J. Brooks
from G. W. Brooks for neglect, Rose L.
Champlin from M. A. Champlin for deser
tion and Mary Nune from Jose Nune.for
neglect.
• Suits for divorce on the ground of deser
tion were tiled by Jeannette Yates against
Charles Yates, Emma Hall against Ed
ward G. Hall, Mary T. McLaughlin
against John J. McLaughlin and Emma
P. Niedt against John O. Niedt.
Eva Lane was granted an interlocutory
decree of divorce from Charles B. Lane,
a Kearny street dentist, by Judge Graham
yesterday on the ground of neglect. She
was allowed {10 a month alimony. Lane,
the testimony taken at the hearing
showed, had not provided for her during
the last six years, though in receipt of a
large income from his practice. Judge
Graham also granted an interlocutory de.
cree to Sarah R. Hergens from F. C. Her
gens, a contractor, on the ground of in
temperance.
Tells Her Troubles to Judge Graham
and Is Given Her Freedom
and Alimony.
Oscar Hocks Closing Up the Gap Be
tween Himself and the Next
Highest Candidate.
The official count of the returns of the
recent election was resumed yesterday by
the Election Commissioners. Supervisor
Loughery wound up. the day with a net
LOUGHERY LOSES EIGHT
VOTES IN OFFICIAL COUNT
WIFE OF DENTIST LANE
GETS DECREE OF DIVORCE
loss of eight votes, which leaves him only
sixteen votes in the lead of Oscar Hocks,
the next highest candidate. Hocks gained
four in the Fourth Precinct and five in
the Twelfth Precinct of tho Thirtieth
District. Loughery gained one in the
Righth Precinct of the Thirtieth. There
was some doubt as to the latter gain and
final action was postponed until the en
tire board is present. McClellan, for Su
pervisor, lost four in the Tenth Precinct
of the Thirty-first District, with which
the commission finished its labors for the
day.
Levy denied the allegation that he acted
In a rude manner, and stated that the
young women asked him if he would act
as their escort to their destination. Upon
arriving there he immediately took his
departure and adjourned to a nearby res
taurant for dinner, and was arrested upon
coming out of the establishment.
The young women declare that they will
prosecute Levy to the full extent of the
law. He was released later in the even
ing upon the deposit of $30 cash bail by
two friends. -
David Levy, a tailor, hailing from Los
Angeles, was arrested last night by Pa
trolman James Cullinane and booked at
the City Prison on a charge of disturbing
the peace. The arrest was made upon
complaint of Misses Angela and Alvanisa
Bartorius, residing at 1646 Howard street,
who allege that Levy approached them
in an insulting manner at the corner of
Geary and Market streets at 6 p. m.
Grabbing them by the arms he insisted
upon walking with them, they say. The
young women were too frightened by
Levy's actions to ask assistance from
passers-by. When they reached Professor
Mansfield's studio, 4G2 Geary street, they
broke av.'ay from their unwelcome escort
and notified their music teacher of the
matter. He immediately followed Levy
and pointed him out to the policeman,
who took him into custody.
David Levy, a Los Angeles Tailor, Is
Arrested for the Of- .
fense.
YOUNG WOMEN CLAIM THEY
WERE INSULTED ON STREET
The matter was voted on and it was de
cided to increase the committee on
grounds and buildings, but not to in
crease the committee on finance.
The regent^then adjourned to meet on
the second Tuesday in December.
Regent Budd introduced • a resolution
that the committees on finance and
grounds, and buildings be increased from
three to five members. • He stated that an
increase of membership in the two com
mittees was needed in order to allow the
requisite work to be accomplished. There
was some division of sentiment by tho
regents as to the adoption of the reso
lution, some favoring and others oppos
ing the change as suggested by Regent
Budd. -
Regent Dohrmann recommended that a
new boiler for heating purposes be erected
in the college of pharmacy at a cost not
to exceed $500. There was some doubt as
to whether the regents or the State
should pay for the improvement and the
matter was referred to the finance com
mittee with power to act.
The regents decided to lease five acres
of land. at Petal uma from G. S. McNear
for use as an experimental agricultural
station. ". - ¦
The litigation was in connection with
certain swamp lands claimed by the uni
versity regents and Baldwin. The de
cision of the referee appointed by the
court awarded certain portions of the
lands to the contestants and . ordered
Baldwin to pay the university the
sum of $10,000, with Interest and costs.
As the case is now on appeal to the
Supreme Court the tender of payment by
Baldwin was declined.
Attorney Cope of the law firm of Cope
& Morrison appeared before the board
and made a tender of a check for $10,000
in settlement of a suit in the San Mateo
Superior Court on behalf of A. S. Bald
win. -- - ...
The Regents also decided to adopt the
recommendations of President Wheeler
that J. H. Barber, in charge of the
Sierra foothill sub-station, be transferred
to the Southern California sub-station at
Pomona, as assistant superintendent. J.
W. Mills, foreman at Pomona, was given
the title of superintendent of the South
ern California sub-station. Hereafter he
is to be engaged largely in the direction
of the university's co-operative field work
in the orchards of Southern California.
A. A. Knowlton of Chico, formerly a
member of the faculty of the University
of Wisconsin was appointed patron of
the Chioo forestry station.
R. S. Holloway, temporarily appointed
as Instructor in the department of edu
cation, was appointed to hold his position
fcr the rest of the fiscal year.
Prcsidfnt Wheeler drew the attention
of the Regents to the absolute need of
fire-proof buildings for the university.
President Wheeler stated that on the pre
vious day the university buildings had
been endangered* by the burning of a cot
tage on the grounds and that but for the
extension of the university water system
many buildings might have been de
stroyed
President Wheeler said the town supply
of water was entirely inadequate for fire
purposes. He also spoke of the darjger
that always threatened the botany build
ing where a valuable collection of Cali
fornia fauna was stored. He urged that
a fire-proof building be secured for the
botany department. The Regents took
President Wheeler's statements under ad
visement.
MONTGOMERY AVENUE BONDS.
The finance committee reported that A.
Holliday had made an offer to collect the
money represented by the Montgomery
avenue bonds, issued by the city and
county of San Francisco. The regents
hold $22,000 worth of these bonds and Hol
liday is willing to try to collect them and
if successful take one-half of the pro
ceeds. The committee favored giving
Holliday the power to act. ;
Regent Hellman said the bonds were
practically lost to the university. Many
owners had agreed to allow Holliday to
try to recover the amount of the bonds.
Regent McEnerney said the chance of
recovering was very remote, but favored
giving authority to Holliday to act.
Regent Charles S. Wheeler, was op
posed to taking any action that might af
fect the titles to certain property owners
in San Francisco and thus cause antag
onism to the university. The resolution
to ellow Holliday to proceed as regarding
the bonds held by the university pre-
The sale of the medical college building
on Stockton street by the finance com
mittee for the sum of $4750 was confirmed
by the regents.
The recommendation of the finance
committee that $1000 be appropriated to
the department of Celtic philology was
adopted.
Routine bills recommended for payment
by the finance committee were approved.
DECIDES TO APPEAL CASE.
The work of testing the varieties of
fruits, grapest grains and forage plants
suitable for the Sierra foothill region had
been carried on for fifteen years and the
results had been given to the agricultural
population of the State.
ABOLISH SUBSTATIONS.
Regent Chester Rowell presided, and
those present were Regents Alden Ander
son, A. S. Fisk, R. J. Taussig, J. A.
Britton. John E. Budd, F. W. Dohrmann,
Guy C." Earl, C. N. Ellinwood. I. W.
Hcllman, Garreti^Enerney, J. B. Rein
stein, Charles S. Wheeler, P. C. Yorke
and President B. I.Wheeier of the Uni
versity of California.
The most important work done by the
Regents was the adoption of a resolution
reeonveytng " certain lands near Jackson,
Amador County, formerly used as an ex
perimental station, to the orjginal donors.
President Wheeler of the State Univer
sity presenteu his report, in which he
stated that there was no further use for
the experimental station in Question and
that co-operative work with ranchers and
farmers had caused the experimental sta
tion to be of no further value.
The regular monmly meeting of the Re
gents of the University of California was
held yesterday afternoon at the Mark
Hopkins Institute of Art, on California
street.
The police at the Central station are
investigating a burglary that occurred in
Coppe's restaurant, 619 Montgomery
street, some time Monday night. The
burglars secured $250 in cash from where
it had been concealed in one of the table
drawers in the dining-room. Suspicion
falls on an ex-employe and detectives are
searching for him.
The proprietor of the restaurant on clos
ing soon after 8 o'clock Monday night
took all the money in the establishment
and placed it in a dining-room table draw
er, where thieves would be most unlikely
to look for it. He has been in the habit
of doing this for some time past and was
not aware that any person knew of its
hiding place. Yesterday morning when
he opened his place for business the
money was gone and the police were im
mediately notified and detectives placed
on the case.
The detective ascertained that a for
mer employe of the restaurant, who was
discharged a short time ago. was in pos
session of a key to the place during his
employment there. This, however, was
surrendered at the time of his discharge.
The detectives point to the fact, how
ever, that he may have had a duplicate
made and retained it for future use. Tho
proprietor believes his ex-employe may
have known where the money was kept,
but*he is not positive on that point.
In addition to the names of others who
have been mentioned in The Call as being
certain to receive appointments, it may
be noted that Dr. A. S. Adler, who was
once appointed on tho Health Board by
Mayor Schmitz in his attempt to remove
the old board, would like to be City Phy
sician to succeed Dr. Joseph G. Morrts
sey, who will also be retired next Jan
uary. Thomas Egan, present storekeeper
of the Board of Education, is also being
considered for promotion by Mayor
Schmitz. •
Notwithstanding the fact that Mayor
Schmitz has definitely announced that he
will not take up the question of his ap
pointments on the various boards and
commissions of the municipal government
until after December 15 next, gossip still
continues to discuss the na'mes of. those
who stand splendid chances of picking
some of the official plums which his
Honor will have at his disposal next Jan
uary.
It is said with an assurance that Is al
most positive, that when the Mayor has
assumed control of the Board of Health
with the appointment of two new mem
bers Frank Schmitz, the Mayor's brother,
will be at .once appointed superintendent
of the City and County Almshouse to
succeed William J. .Kelly, who will suc
cumb to the fortunes of political warfare.
Schmitz was formerly building superin
tendent, but was forced out of his posi
tion owing to the stand taken by Presi
dent Casey of the Board of V/orks in re
taliation for the abolishing of the posi
tion of superintendent of streets formerly
held by Benjamin Heath. Casey declared
that the position of building superinten
dent could bo done away with also and
Frank Schmitz lost his job. The Mayor
hopes to even up matters by having his
brother appointed superintendent of the
Almshouse. It is understood that Mrs?.
Fabian, at present matron of the City
Prison, will be matron of the Almshouse
as soon as her marriage to Frank Schmitz
takes place, their engagement having al
ready been announced.
Morris Levy will in all probability be
appointed registrar of voters to succeed
Thomas J. Walsh. < Levy was very ijromi
nent in Mayor Schmitz's fight both at the
election when the latter first ran and at
the last one, when he was re-elected.
Levy was formerly chief deputy under
former Tax Collector Scott and was a
faithful city official.
Now that Frank Schmitz is almost sure
to be superintendent of the Almshouse
John Daughney, who was at one time
considered for the place, will in all prob
ability be named on one of the com
missions. Thomas Reagan, at present
Police Commissioner, is under considera
tion for member of the Board of Public
Works to succeed Manson, owing to the
fact that the Mayor will be unable to ap
point Election Commissioner Boyle to the
first named board because of the prohibi
tive charter provision preventing the ap
pointment of any election commissioner
until one year after the expiration of his
term.
Suspicion Falls on Ex-Em
ploye Who Once Had
* a Key.
Office of Registrar Will Prob
ably Be the Reward of
Morris Levy. . /
President Wheeler Points Out
Danger of Fire to
Buildings.
Sierra Foothill Experi
mental Station Is
Abandoned*.
Brother of Mayor E. E.
Schmitz to Secure
Large Amount I§ Taken
While Establishment
Is Closed.
BUSY SESSION
OF THE REGENTS
BURGLAR STEALS
FROM RESTAURANT
MAY BE HEAD
OF ALMSHOUSE
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 3903.
The cases of F. M. Ballard, son of a
wealthy capitalist, and. his friend, John
Johnson, charged with driving away with
a hack on Sunday night without consent
of the owner and with cruelty to animals,
were dismissed by Police Judge Mogan
yesterday.^ Ed McLaughlin, proprietor of
the hack said he had been paid for, the
damage and the defendants bad expressed
regret for their conduct.
Ballard Fays for Damage.
Jean Lillian Wills, who was married to
George E. Olsen in Oakland in October,
1301, filed a suit yesterday for the annul
ment At the bonds. She claims that at
th^'tlme she became Mrs. Olsen he was
Insane, having but a short time before
been released from the Agylum for the
Insane at Napa. She says he was com
mitted to that institution in 1895, and that
at present he is confined in a private sani
tarium at San Mateo,
"Wants Her Marriage Annulled.
14
AJJVEBTISSaiJEJTTS.
m • • • ¦>«>••• «•»»••••• ••>¦»
Drink l^^^^v t
;:Cof=farin J| pIFffillto |
¦ Cereal -|%es^^. I
;: Coffee KiHiffi f
On Enrth 1 Awtrciti1 ° ow *****
: drink ;:
; Cof-farin and your;:
Nerves and Diges-;
: tion will be all rightf
One Bottle Cures
Rheumatism or
Neuralgia, /IRIs
iMcBURXEVS KID- <tta. *U>^fo^!
NEY AND BLAD- '/«» '«5**5K/
DER CURE Is guar- / **^ ** £)»f
anteed to be abso- Ipl ' *+%£?
lutely harmless and K\ vf
a strong tonic In 1 • I
buiiamar up the vtreak tS^. A
and debilitated. It iJw ,/JV.
cures Acute or Mus-
cular Rheumatism. Stiff Back aad gi
n Pains in the H>P» anl Loins. Chrooic '
I Rheumatism. Sciatica, Lumbago and :
E almost Invariably cures before one bot- ;
? tie has been used. 4
S Bright's Disease. Brick Dust Deposit, j
B Bed Wetting. Gravel, Dropsy. Diabetes ;
V cured with one bottle McBurney's Kid- r
f ney and Bladder Cure. Relief In 20 .
I minutes. Express prepaid SI 50. Send jj |
¦ 25 cents to W. P. McBurney for five IT
H ¦ days' treatment. 226 South Spring '
Jfj ttreet. Los Angeles. Sold by druggists. (
BERKS
Famous the World
0ver-~Fu!l:&>fatare4»
<Sotd EVtrgivhert; I
HlLbt-ul UbnvAAtivci CO.. I
l'aeiae Cuust Agents. .•
Oehoois and Colleges*
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE
WEST. 24 Post «t.. San Francisco. Cal.
E»t«Wl»hed 40 years. Open cntir* year.
_ JVrito tor Illustrated catalogue (free).
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A TEST EXPERIMENT.
Peculiar Power Possessed by a New
Medicine.
Of new discoveries there is no end, but
one of the most recent, most remarkable
and one that will prove invaluable to
'thousancls of people is a discovery which
it is believed will take the place of all
I other remedies for the cure of those com-
mon and obstinate diseases, dyspepsia and
stomach troubles. This discovery is not a
loudly advertised, secret patent medicine,
but is a scientific combination of whole-
some, perfectly harmless vegetable es-
sences, fruit salts, pure pepsin and bis-
muth.
I These remedies are combined in lozenge
! form, pleasant to take and will preserve
! their good qualities indefinitely, whereas
all liquid medicines rapidly lose whatever
good qualities they may have had as soon
as uncorked and exposed to the air.
This preparation is called Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets, and it is claimed that one
of these Tablets or lozenges will digest
from 300 to SO00 times its own weight of
meat, eggs and other wholesome food.
And this claim has been proven by actual
experiments in the following: manner: A
hard boiled egg cut into small pieces was
placed in a bottle containing warm water
heated to ninety-eight degrees (or blood
heat); one of these Tablets was then
placed in the bottle and the proper tem-
perature maintained for three hours and
a half, at the end of which time the egg
was as completely digested as it would
have been in a healthy stomach. This ex-
periment was undertaken to demonstrate
that what it would do in the bottle it
would also do in the stomach, hence Its
unquestionable value in the cure of dys-
pepsia and weak digestion. Very few-
people are free from some form of Indi-
gestion, but scarcely two will have the
same symptoms. Some will suffer most
from distress after eating, bloating from
gas in the stomach and bowels; others
have acid dyspepsia or heartburn; others
palpitation or headache, sleeplessness,
pains in chest and under shoulder blades,
extreme nervousness as In nervous dys-
pepsia, but they all have the same cause —
failure to properly digest what is eaten.
The stomach must have rest and assist-
ance, and Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets give
it both by digesting the food for it, and in
a short time it is restored to its normal
action and vigor. , At. the same time the
Tablets are so harmless that a child can
take them with benefit. This new prepa-
ration has already -made many astonishing
cures, as, for instance, the following:
After using only one package of Stu-
art's Dyspepsia ; Tablets I have received
such great and unexpected benefit that I
wish to express my sincere gratitude. In
fact, it has been six months since I took
the package, and I have not had one par-
ticle of distress o: difficulty since. And all
this in the face of the fact that the best
doctors I consulted told me my case was
Chronic Dyspepsia and absolutely incura-
ble, as I had suffered twenty-five years.
I distributed half a dozen packages among
my friends here, who are very anxious to
try this remedy. - •* .. ...
MRS. SARAH A. SKEEL,
¦ , Lynnville, Jasper Co., Mo.
*' Stuart's Dyspepsia -Tablets . are sold by
druggists everywhere at 50 cents for full
sized packages. A little bookNon Stomach
Diseases mailed . free' by. addressing F. A.
Stuart Co. t Marsnall t Mich* ,
NEWMAN & LEVINSON.
1 1 Kearny and Satter Sts.
Annual Art Exhibition
To-day
Th£t much anticipated event which for so many Novembers
past has been a prominent featnre of our store, begins to-day
in our splendidly arranged Art Department The rare beauty
of the articles shown this season will delight every lover of
art There are a thousand and one exquisite pieces suitable
for holiday giving— and we will hold any article selected until
you wish it delivered.
The Display will also continue during
Thursday and Friday— and we bid you wel-
come whether wishing to purchase or not.
Decorative Art Needlework
The richest ideas, the daintiest designs fh Art Needlework
are here. The most beautiful collection ever shown by us,
embracing advanced styles in
Sofa Cushions, hand embroidered and painted, beautiful
floral, conventional and poster designs, in
entirely new effects ; from $5.00 to $35.00
Handsome oblong and square Pin Cushions, hand
painted and embroidered, prettily trimmed
with lace, from 60c to 1 1 5.00
Toilet Sets, of ret and Swiss, also some of real
lace, very elaborate, handsomely trimmed
from : 50c to $26.50
Handkerchief, Glove, Necktie and Veil Cases, new
designs, in various colors, hand painted
and embroidered, from f 2.50 to $ 1 0.00
Fancy Work N'ovelties of every description, bcth useful
and ornamental — many shown for the first
time this season; priced from . 10c to $10.00
Handsome Decorative Art Linens, in scarfs, center
pieces, tray cloths, doylies, etc., exquisitely
embroidered by hand; from $ 3.50 to f 30. 00
Pyrographic Novelties — hundreds of artistically burnt
leather and wood articles are here to choose
from, prices from 45c to $5.75
Bronzes and Objects of Art
Bronze and Fancy Metal Smoking Sets and Ash Trays
— a large variety of odd designs, in hand-
some effects, prices from J2.25 to 540.00
French Bronze Busts, Statuary, Groups, etc., in antique
and bronze rinish, some with electric light
attachments, prices from $2.50 to $125.00
Latest Novelties in Liquor Sets, representing automo-
biles, telephones, etc., something entirely
new, prices from J4.50 to $40.00
Cabinet Ornaments — real bronze, in a large variety of
miniature pieces, including ail kinds of
birds and animals, prices 30c to $16.50
Beautiful Art Glassware
Bohemian Glass Vases and Bowls — the designs are
odd, the color schemes are odder, the effects are inde-
scribably striking — scores of artistic pieces that any
connoisseur would appreciate, prices range
from $2.50 to $22.50
Austrian Glass — entirely new ideas. The quaint shapes >
are part of their attractions — colorings are
rich and beautiful, prices $4.75 to $10.00
Karlsbad Hand Carved Glassware. If you want your
gift to be uncommon, choose from these vases and
bowls ; flowers beautifully carved, in pretty
tints, prices $ 1 .85 to $20.00
Write for Our New Illustrated Catalogue
APVEBTIST'. "rETTTS.
Commencing Monflag, November 9th,
we will place on Special Sale about
400 pairs Fine California Wool
Blankets for single, thpee-quartepf
double anfl extra large beds.
These Blankets were purctiasea _u us
from the Goldsn Gate Woolen Mills at a areat
reduction in price and are the finest goods
made bu them, Theu com.3 in assorted Bor-
' ders, are bound with wide Silk Ribbon and
will be sold from
$3.75 to $10.00 Pair.
Housekeepers will save from $1,50 to $5.00
per pair in purchasing these Blankets now.
t_ t _>-^_ *m wtv Orders by mall recelvz prompt attention.
i^U' 1 £__/ All orders for samples or goods filled
— - and shipped same day they are received.
ill, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 FOST STREET,
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
Substantial
Trunk
AT SPECIAL PRICE
All heavy brass trimmings, two ex-
tra trays, double strapped; specially
good value. Reduced to ...... SG.OO
Special Suit Case Offer— Handsome,
.well.flnished, strongly made; looks its
good quality. Easy to buy...$(J.OO
A. B. SMITH CO.
Trunks aad Traveling Outfits.
128-132 ELLIS STBEET, above Powell
. . San r ranciico. '
ADVERTISEMENTS,
ONE DOLLAR A WEEK
j A complete outfit, including one io-inch turntable ma-
; chine (Type AJ), horn, reproducer, needle box, ioo needles
j and six io-inch disk records, the best in the world.
Price $28.00— $5.00 Down, $1.00 Per Week.
j We have cheaper and more expensive machines, ranging
from $3.50 to $100. Call or send for catalogue.
COLUMBIA PHONOGRAPH CO., Gen'l, 125 Geary Street.
OPEN S ATUI&A Y EVENINGS.