Hermann Zumpe Is Dead.
MUNICH, Bavaria, Sept. 4.— Hermann
Zumpe, the musician, ' died here of apo
plexy.
SAN JOSE," Sept. 4.— F. • M. % Lockwood
and J. A. Mehling. who;have alreadylse
cured a right of way for an electric rail
road from "San- Jose toAlvlso, this even-
Ing filed an application for a 'franchise
to build and operate a J road from the
northern city, limits on Second [street to
St.. James and on the latter to Market
.treet. •- ¦:...¦ .
Apply for a Railroad Franchise*.
P1TTSBURG, Pa., Sept. 4.— The Dis
patch to-morrow will say: i Theodore J.
Shaffer, president of the Amalgamated
Association of Iron, Steel and Tin Work,
ers, is missing. He dropped . mysteriously
out of sight and for several weeks neither
fellow officials at the local office 'nor the
members of his family have been able to
locate him.
Presidenl#3haffer of the Iron, Steel
and Tin Workers' Cannot
Be Found. : .*;"
PROMINENT LABOR LEADER
REPORTED TO BE MISSING
DENVER, Sept. 4.— A special to the Re
publican from Grand Junction Wil
liam Lafare shot and skilled E. T. Ai*.ssey
on Dolores River, in the Unaweep coun
try, this morning. Both were prominent
cattlemen, and their quarrel was over a
water right. La fare came to Grand Junc
tion and surrendered to the Sheriff.
One Prominent Colorado Cattleman
on Dolores River,- Unaweep
Country, Kills Another.
FATAL SHOOTING OVER
. WATER RIGHT QUARREL
Continued on Page 2, Column 6.
"WASHINGTON. Sept. 4.— On a requi
sition from the State Department the
Treasury Department to-day made out
checks for $377,000 in the name of
Archbishop Riordan of San Francisco.
This sum of money is from, the ' Pious
fund, the history of which is well' «..«,„.«
all over the -country. Mexico has been
paying to this country the sum award
ed as due from that country to the Pious
fund, and the division of the fund is
being made by the "State Department.
mediately $377,000 Paid by
Mexican Government.
Archbishop Riordan to Receive Im-
CHECKS ARE WRITTEN
FOR PIOUS FUND MONEY
VIENNA,, Sept 4.— The political ed
itor of Reichswehr.; a semi-official paper,
made the following \ statement . to-day:
"The Czar has decided" to remain away
from Vienna during his visit to Austria,
owing to the discovery of anarchist ac
tivity in the city by the Russian secret
police. The police were of the'opinion
that the risk of a public reception would
be too great.; In consequence,' the Czar
will irtfcet, Francis Joseph at Ejsenerz, in
Styria, where,: in; a little; hunting, lodge
belonging to the Emperor-King, anxious
deliberation will- take place.
"Meanwhile"" Count ¦ Lamsdorff, .-the
Russian Foreign* Minister, and -'Count
Goluchowski, ; Austro-Hungarian , Foreign
Minister, will .meet at Vienna' and "de
vise a • modification of the Austro-Rus
slan reform, programme for Macedonia,
which will be submitted to the two Em
perors at -Eisenerz.'.' ; • ; ; . ; ' •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Anarchist Activity
in Vienna Is
Discovered.
EMPEROR TO
MEET CZAR
IN EISENERZ
both the State and Navy departments
will hold themselves in readiness to act
promptly if the Minister cables for as
sistance.
The officials do not anticipate that the
Sublime Porte will object to the transpor
tation of marines through the Darda
nelles to aid in the protection of Ameri
can interests at Constantinople.
The significant statement was made by
a high official to-night that it was not
the policy of this Government to let any
convention or international custom stand
in the way of effectively protecting
American lives in time of an emergency,
and the State Department is not con
cerned as to the method of transporting
marines ' to Constantinople in case the
Minister cables for their presence.
NEW ORDERS FOR COTTON.
Admiral Reaches Beirut and Hay Go
to the Dardanelles.
BEIRUT, Syria, Sept. 4.— The United
States cruisers Brooklyn and San Fran
cisco arrived to-day. -Rear Admiral Cot
ton immediately communicated with Con
pul Ravndal, receiving cablegrams with
instructions that superseded his sealed
orders.
' The State Department instructs the ad
miral to be in readiness to sail for the
Dardanelles at a moment's notice. Addi
tional Instructions < are given for safe
guarding the Consulate at Beirut and en
forcing amends for the attack on Magels
sen. Disorders here have ceased.
It would take the American warships
fully three days to land marines at Con
stantinople, it being about 900 miles from
here to the mouth of the Dardanelles, or
more than two and a half days" sail. As
no warships are allowed in the Darda
nelles under the existing conditions, the
marines would have to be sent up to Con
stantinople on launches.
The gunboat Machias Is bound for Port
Said to await orders. There are about ISO
marines on the three warships.
Warships Will Be . in Readiness to
Sail for Turkey. < *
FRANCE TAKES PRECAUTIONS.
PARIS, Sept. 4.— It is authoritatively
stated that in view of the dis
orders in Turkey a French fleet will be
ordered to hold itself in readiness to
. Herran,' twice taken to task by the de
partment for his radical utterances re
garding the manner in which the depart
ment has been conducting the negotia
tions, is becoming disgusted. He has
given up all hope that the treaty will
survive and it is possible before the end
is reached he will make public a full
report of the negotiations.
¦ Meantime the rebel sentiment in the
isthmus in . favor of setting up an inde
pendent state embracing the Panama
canal territory grows apace, according to
the latest dispatches.
Minister Beaupre presented this mes
sage and the wrath of the Colombian
officials was centered upon him. The
State Department "was content to allow
him to become. the target for the shafts
of the irate Colombians until the author
ship of the message was traced direct to
the department. Now officials here are
standing by Beaupre and asserting he is
performing his duty satisfactorily.
WASHINGTON*. Sept. 4.— "The United
States may be forced to take action which
would be a source of regret to all true
friends of Colombia."
Such is the implied threat contained in
Hay's note, transmitted to Minister
Beaupre at Bogota, which set the Colom
bians frantic with anger, and led, it is
claimed, fo the defeat of the canal treaty.
The action implied was contingent upon
Colombia's, refusal to ratify the treaty
unamended.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
•'At the State Department due allowance
is made for^the possible excitement to
whichthe officials at Constantinople may
.be.subjected by the tense' situation. there
and the officials here are inclined to hope
that , a • few days may bring more assur
ances from Leishman. At the same time.
'.. The advices from the American Minister
have not caused the State Department to
swerve from its original programme to
confine the operations of Lelshman and
Rear ASmiral Cotton to, the protection of
American citizens and their \ property.
This Government will not, under any cir
cumstances, become involved in the polit
ical side of the Near Eastern question.
The European powers will be allowed to
fight out their differences uninterrupted.
But the statement is made on the highest
authority that no European complicaions
will be allowed to, deter this Government
frjjm taking prompt. and adequate meas
ures for ; the protection of American lives
in Turkey if the situation demands it.
V UNCLE' SAM IS READY^
: It was this warning, which is supposed
to be! the ground for Irishman's anxiety,
which suggested to the State Department
the possible necessity' of landing marines
to assist in the protection of the Amer
ican legation, and the .consulate general.
It. was admitted at the State Department
to-day that' already two additional Turk
ish-guards had been - stationed at the
American legation. '
Rear Admiral Cotton arrived at'Belrut
with the Brooklyn and San Francisco to
day and the Navy Department is -anx
iously awaiting reports from him. The
Acting Secretary expects ;to "hear over
night that the Machias has arrived at
Port Said. ' .
• « . sia and Austria, have
landed marines . from ' their station
ships to reinforce the guards around their
legations. He also cables that the Sub
lime 'Porte in a note to the foreign pow
ers assures them that no present Porte
can furnish adequate protection to che
exterior of the forelcn embassies and le
gations, but warns them against an at
tempt of the Bulgarian bandits, who may
succeed in eluding the Sultan guards and
attacking from the inside.
AMERICAN LEGATION GUARDED;
W "W ASHINGT0N - Se pt- *•—
m JH f Minister Lelshman at
m /^k / Constantinople says that
• l^f IT some • foreign ¦ govern
• r . r ments, pYesumably Rus-
Threat Which Led
to Treaty Defeat
Is Out.
SCENES NEAR CONSTANTI
NOPLE and united states
OFFICIAL AT BEIRUT. \
CARDINAL GIBBONS NOT
IN DISFAVOR IN FRANCE
Government Officers Pronounce Re
port of Intended Expulsion to
Be False and Absurd.
PARIS, Sept. 4.— A report published by
the Patrle that the Government might
expel Cardinal Gibbons from France .ow
ing to his alleged statements to the Bre
ton and other French clergy is officially
pronounced to be false and absurd. The
Government ofllcers also express indigna
tion at such a careless use of the Car
dinal's name.
Cardinal Gibbons wrote to the Asso
ciated Press August 8 saying that his al
leged meetings with the Breton and other
clergy of France were fabrications, with
out an iota of truth in them.
PAERY STILL RECEIVES
• THREATENING LETTERS
Sends Batch to United States Dis
trict Attorney With Request
to Investigate.
INDIANAPOLIS. Sept. 4. — D. M.
Parry, foe to organized labor, continues
to receive threatening letters. To-day
he sent a batch of letters to the United
States District Attorney with the re- .
quest their authorship be Investigated.
Several of the letters are in the same
hand, and though they were mailed at
different places It is quite plain. Parry
thinks, that they were written by the
same person. ;.+ .-.'•' f i-
BRYAN'S STEP-GRANDMOTHER
DIES AT ADVANCED AGE
Mrs. Gano B. Cobb Passes Away
After Having Outlived a
-...Century.
KOKOifo, Ind., Sept. 4.— Mary Gano
Bryan Cobb. step-grandmother cf William
J. Bryan, died to-day at her home In Ne^»
London in the 101st year of her age.
Mrs. Cobb was one of the pioneers of
this county. She was t>orn In Kentucky.
William J. Bryan has seen notified and
probably, will attend the funeral, to be
held in the Friends' Churcn at New Lon
don Sunday morninj. — .
CINCINNATI. Sept. 4.— Believing that
the body of her dead husband was in the
baggage car of the same train on which^
she arrived in Cincinnati this morning
from Los Angeles, Mrs. John A. Seigler
was horrified to learn from the station
authorities here that the corpse she had
accompanied from at least as far as Kan
sas City was that of a woman consigned
to a different destination.
John A. Seigler. a prominent Cincinnati
citizen, died in Los Angeles last Saturday
and that evening the body was placed on
board the train. It is believed the two
bodies were transposed at Kansas City.
The railway officials are making every
effort to secure Seigler's remains.
Mistake of Railroad Men Probably
at Kansas City Is Discovered
at Cincinnati.
WRONG BODY IS SENT
ON TBAIN" WITH WIDOW
COLOMBIANS
ANGERED AT
HAY'S NOTE
T T J *SHIWGTOW, Sept. 4.— Swiftly has the scene
iJLJ of action in the Far East changed from
Beirut to Constantinople and another
twenty *four hours may see an American warship
speeding to the Dardanelles with marines who will
be landed to protect the American legation and the
consulate>general at the Sublime Porte. Such a
contingency the State Department hopes will not
occur, but the uneasy tone of the cablegram received
to*day from the- United States Minister shows that
the situation is growing worse. The crisis unques*
tionably is near at hand, and not only the United
States but the powers of Europe anxiously awaits
the outcome of the tremendously alarming situation.
For many years It has been practically
the uniform custom of Presidents to ap
point men to positions in the Consular
service substantially without reference r to
whatever previous experience they may
have had. Quite naturally, the President
endeavored, always to select for appoint
ment men of integrity and ability, but
experience was not a determining factor
in the equation.
President Roosevelt, after consultation
with Secretary Hay, Assistant Secretary
of State Loomis and members of his Cab
inet immediately identified with the State
Department, has determined to appoint
hereafter to Important places in the Con
sular service men who already are in the
service and have had experience and
training In minor positions which will
render them the more capable of filling
places of higher grade and greater im
portance.
The change in policy does not extend
the civil service to the Consular service,
and it does not extend, necessarily, a Con
sul's tenure of office at any particular
place; but, it is pointed out, it does give
reasonable assurance to the manufactur
ing and commercial interests of the
United States, which particularly are In
terested in the extension of the country's
trade, that in a comparatively brief time
all Important Consular positions will be
filled by men of not only character and
ability, but with men who, by training and
experience, are especially qualified to ad
vance the trade Interests of the United
States.
Mr. Loomis discussed with the Presi
dent several appointments in the service
that are to be made soon. It is under-
Stood that all the appointees will be men
who are now filling places of lesser im
portance in the service. They are to be
promoted and. In turn, their places will
be filled with men who have not had the
experience they have had.
OYSTER BAT, L. I., Sept*.— An im
portant change of policy with respect to
the making of appointments in the Con
sular service has been decided upon by
President Roosevelt. He discussed th«*
change, to-day with Assistant Secretary
Loomis.
President Decides
on Significant
Reform.
NEW CONSULS
WILL BE IN
OF TRAINING
The immigration officials have been
communicated with and an investigation
will follow.
Anthony Demers and his brother Alex
are at the head of a shoe shining organ
ization which operates in Kalamazoo.
Battle Creek. Jackson. South Bend. Ind..
St. Joseph. Mich., Benton Harbor, Detroit
and Chicago.
"With possibly two exceptions the work
of polishing shoes is all done by Greek
boys whose ages range from 5 to 13 years.
The boys are shown how to polish shoes
and allowed to pick up what English they
can. Then their education ends. Demog
geor ran away on account of abuse.
KALAMAZOO. Mich.. Sept. 4.— Anthony
Demers, the proprietor of a shoe shining
stand, to-day confessed that he had paid
$73 for Nicholas Demoggeor, a Greek boy
13 years old, who ran away from him
Thursday.
Demers was "sweated" by the Sheriff,
and his revelation of a system of child
peonage followed. Every year boys are
being picked up in the streets of Greek
cities and sold into slavery in this coun
try. The purchasers pay from $u0 to ¥Z5
for a 6-year-old boy for the first year.
The second year the price is advanced
$23. Each succeeding year a small ad
vance ia made in the amount paid untH
the boy is of age. Then the purchaser
must take his chances with his purchase.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Weeks must elapse before the wounded
woman will be able to leave the hospital
if she is ever able to leave it. Meantime
it is not probable that there will be any
official investigation of the shooting by
the authorities. Unless her relatives lake
the initiative there is no probability of
the institution of any proceedings which
might result in an arrest being made.'
Colonel Griffith and family had intended
returning home from their vacation to
day and last evening Mrs. Griffith was en
gaged In packing her trunks.
Manager W right of the hotel Fays- he
was sitting in the office when he heard a
ecream followed by the sound of a hoavy
body striking the roof of a porch almost
immediately above the entrance to the
office. About the same time a call came
The cause of the shooting is shrouded
in mystery. Colonel Griffith declares that
the ehooting was accidental; that whfte
his wife was packing a trunk a revolver
in }t was accidentally discharged and the
bullet Etruck her In the eye; that she
fell to the floor and thus sustained a frac
ture of the shoulder blade. He denied
that there had been any quarrel between
them or that they had ever quarreled.
There were no witnesses to the shoot
ing. Colonel and Mrs. Griffith being alone
in their room at the time.
One of the brothers of the wounded
woman, in discussing the case to-night,
said:
"Mrs. Griffith did not shoot herself; the
shooting was not an accident, in our opin
ion. We are sure there was no attempt
at suicide. "We believe that her broken
shoulder blade was not sustained by fall
ing to the floor after she had been shot.
That Injury was produced by either jump
ing or falling from the window of her
room to the roof of the porch below. Why
did ehe Jump? She may be able to tell
that later. We have been unable to get
any statement from her because her con
dition will not admit of her making a
statement. She may never make one.
What will we do? Nothing, until the
members of the family have held a con
sultation and possibly not then until our
sister is 2ble to express her desires as to
what course we shall take, and we will,
of course, be guided by her wishes. As
yet we make no accusations, but we be
lieve that that shot was not accidental,
nor was It fired with suicidal Intent."
INVESTIGATION NOT LIKELY.
Mrs. Griffith has not been able to make
any lucid statement as yet, but in the
delirium following the shooting and in
her unconscious state as a result of the
administration of anaesthetics, she has
made statements and appeals which indi
cate that she imagines herself in mortal
danger and she has appealed to those
about her to save her.
LOS AXGELES. Sept. 4.— Sirs. Griffith
J. Griffith, wife of the •well known capi
talist and member of the- Board of Park
Commissioners, who deeded SOCK) acres to
the city of Los Angeles for park pur
poKf. lies £.t the California Hospital In
this city hovering between life and death
from the effects of a pistol shot wound
In the head and a fall which produced
a compound fracture of the shoulder
Made. She was shot late Thursday night
in her room in the Hotel Arradia at Santa
Monica, where she, with her husband and
15-year-old son. had been spending the
summer months. Following the shooting
she either jumped or fell, it is eaid. from
the window of her room and landed on
the roof of a. porch on the level of the
floor below. After being treated at the
hotel and remaining there Thursday night
she was brought to Los Angeles this
morning on a special car and taken to
the hospital. She was unconscious when
that institution was reached. During the
day it was necessary to perform an ope
ration' to remove the bullet, and this o»e
rcvioa ehowea that the wound is a very
serious one, although Dr. M. L. Moore
is cf the opinion that the patient will
recover.
The bullet struck Mrs. Griffith at the
outer edge of the left eye and striking
the bone at the edge of the eye socket
fractured the bone and Eplit into frag
ments, one section of the bullet passing
through the eyeball and others glancing
Elong the ekull under the scalp. It was
necessary for the surgeons to remove the
left eye and some of the tissue surround
ing It. They found that the section of
the bullet had not penetrated the cavity
of the brain, but in such wounds there
is always danger of inflammation and of
loss of Eight of the other eye through
sympathy.
WIFE IS DELIRIOUS.
£ped*J Dispatch to The C*:i.
Claims the Weapon Went
Off While Victim Was
Packing Trunk.
Immigration Officials in the
East Will Conduct an
Investigation.
Money Paid for Boys
Who Begin Lives
of Slavery.
Husband Says Pistol
Was Accidentally
Discharged.
Confession Unveils \
Peonage System
. in America.
Wife of Griffith J.
Griffith Is Badly
Wounded.
GREEKS MAKE
CRUEL SALES
OF CHILDREN
MYSTERIOUS
SHOOTING IN
HOTEL ROOM
POWERS LAND MARINES TO GUARD CONSTANTINOPLE EMBASSIES;
WARSHIPS OF UNITED STATES MA Y SAIL TO THE DARDANELLES
Continued on Page 2, Column 4.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1903.
VOLUME XCIV—XO. 97.
The San Francisco Call.WIDEWATER, Va., Sept. 4.-The pros
pective launching to-day of Professor
Langley's big aerodrpme was abandoned
at 4 o'clock, after the port propeller, re
volving about 600 times a minute, had
wrecked itself among the rods and bars
of the machine. Both blades of the pro
peller were torn to small' pieces, and one
of the main supporting rods of the air
ship ! was bent. to. a right angle. Other
slight damage was done. The accident
was the result of a change occurring in
some unexplained manner in th© orbit of
the blades. But for tho prompt action of
Professor Manley,; who was in the navi
gator's car, in shutting on! his engine the
aerodrome might have been hurled from
the superstructure and entirely wrecked.
At the time the accident occurred the
newly repaired engine was being tested.
It worked much better than it did yes
terday, and the accident was very dis
tressing to the experts, who greatly de
sired a test either this afternoon or to
morrow morning. After inspecting the
damage Professor Langley decided to re
turn to Washington. The machine may
be repaired by Monday.
Port Propeller Wrecks Itself Among
the Rods and Bars of the
Machine.
LAUNCHING OF AIRSHIP
PREVENTED BY ACCIDENT
SOFIA, Sept. 4.— M. Manchleff, the Min
ister of Finance, was drowned to-day
while bathing in the Varna.
Minister of Finance Drowns.
LONDON, Sept. 4.— No British marines
have been landed at Constantinople so
tar as tho Foreign Office is aware, but it
is said if the embassy requires protec
tion, the Embassador is empowered to
call upon the commander of the British
guardshlp for guards.
The Foreign Office considers It proba
ble that Russia and Austria have landed
marines to protect their embassies, as a
result of the Porte's note to the Embassa
dors warning them that Bulgarian agita
tors were projecting outrages against tho
embassies, legations and public buildings
at Constantinople. So far as the Foreign
Office knows, Constantinople is quiet.
Nothing Prom the Embassador.
Foreign Office in London Hears
BRITONS HAVEN'T LANDED.
The railroad authorities are preparing
twenty trains for the dispatch of Alban
ian troops to Adrianople. Two battalions
of Albanian levies have, arrived at Sa
lonica and eighteen other battalions are
expected.
SALONICA, Sept. 6.-Details of the
fighting between ths Turks and Bulgari
ans at Lake Rapela, between Klissura
and Kastoria, September 1, when the in
surgents were defeated, have been re
ceived here. Four hundrd Bulgarians
were killed and many captured, including
the Chiefs Kole and Manolofs. The third
•leader, named Charkalaroff, escaped with
the money that had been collected at Klis
sura. Two thousand five hundred troops
ar© reported to be surrounding the rest
of the band. Fifteen thousand Bulgarian
villagers have taken refuge in the moun
tains at Vitch, between Fiorina and Kas
toria. A revolt has begun at Raselog,
twenty-five miles south of Sofia, in the
Turkish province of Seres.
Details Are Received of the Battle
at Lake Itapela. -
DEAD NUMBER HUNDREDS.
"One result of this step will probably
be to Induce the Sultan to raise his rep
resentative at Washington to the rank
of Embassador, so that the United States
can be equally represented here. At pres
ent America 13 at a decided disadvantage
in this respect, compared with the other
first-class powers.'
"Nobody can quite foresee the ultimate
attitude of the United States, but it is
almost certain that her weight will in
cline on the side of the Christian against
the Turk. .At the same time, as a matter
of importance to Great Britain, America
is almost bound to oppose the descent of
Russia on tho j Dardanelles, because, in
religious matters, the Turk Is more tol
erant than the Russian." .
missionaries altogether. The lat'ter course
is natually impossible and the sending of
a squadron " has great significance as
showing a determination on the part of
America to take an active part in the
Turkish Question.
Petaluma Unions 'Will Celebrate.
PETALUMA. Sept. 4— Four hundred
union men and ¦womrn of Petaluma will
celebrate Labor day with a parade and
picnic at Kenilworth Park. A programme
of dancing and games has been arranged.
Attorney Clarence F. Lea of Santa. Rosa
¦will be orator of the day; J. G. Lavrler,
chairman of ceremonies, and Ric Moller,
grand marshal. The pllk workers will
give a ball in the evening.
CHINA'S BUILDING SITE
WILL BE DEDICATED
Flags of the Two Countries "Will Be
Unfurled on the Exposi
tion Grounds.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Sept. 4.-^Chlna*s build
ing cite at the exposition will be dedi
cated to-morroTv afternoon. Short ad
dresses will be delivered by President
Francis. "Wong Kai Kah. the Imperial
Commissioner of China, and Director
Frederick Lchmann. Mrs. Wong and
Mrs. Lehmann will unfurl the flags of
China and the United States, respectively
The exercises will commence about 3
o'clock.
• China's reservation is In front of the
Administration building, about 200 yards
distant, and immediately east of Great
Britain's building cite, dedicated on
August 8.
. Building Trades Counc! — P. J. Bonettl. A.
H. Seyferth. T. L. McFaydrn. P. A. Webber.
F. 6. Waterman. W. NVl*!r.gh. J. F. Infield.
C. L. F. Trjon. E. H. Crimmms and A. Con
nealy.
United Brotherhood Railway Employes — L..
TV. Robetaille. Edwin Graham. R. Hask!n«.
William P*acocke. J. II. Hurn*s. D. Jschafer.
G. R. Craton, Eisil Bayer, F. M. Gorman and
O. J-. Tapp*n-
O'fieer* and FUb-committeea are as follows:
Chairman General Committee — II. Godegast;
secretary. M. T. Hudron; treasurer, T. L. Me-
Fay den.
Parade Committee— H. Godegayt (chairman),
H. G. Frey. L, W. RobetaJlle, F. J. Bonetti,
P. A. Webber arid Em!l nayer.
Amuwnfiiti — P. A. Webber (chairman), T.
1^ McFayden. J. Owen. M. T. Hudson, William
1'eacocke and R. H. Hasklns.
Muflc — F". P. Waterman (chairman). A. H.
S^yferth. Kdwin Graham, J. EX. Hughes, H. G-
Frey tnd Milet King.
Finance— A. H. Feyfmh (chairman), J. H.
Huirhc* and F. P. Cooke.
Printinr— J. F. Infield (chairman), P. T.
Johnston and G. L. Tarpan.
Auditing — E. H. C-rimtr.ins Con
•rad Z*l*s and V. Fchafer.
Tres* — Carleton H. Johnrton (chairman), F.
J. Bonettl and G. B. Craton.
Officers Federated Trades Council — J. W.
Hanford. president; II. G. Frey. vice president;
)'. B. Johnston, secretary: D, D. Sullivan.
tr»-ainirer; W. H. Itlpley. businens agent.
Officer* Uulldlns Trades Council — William
Pock, president : F. *v Watermaji. vice presi
dent; P. A. Webber, pef-retary: C. L* F. Tryon,
financial secretary; T. L. McFayden. treasurer;
F. J. Bonettl, business aftpnt.
Officers Tnlted Brotherhood Railway Em
|flUJ — ' IT fi- TeasdaJe. manager; J. T. Fltr
gerald, agent; Emil Bayer, cashier.
The general committee of arrangements
is made up of ten representatives from
<>ach of the three central bodies, as fol
io wb:
Council of Federated Trade* — Henry Oode
ra«. M. G. Frev. J. Owen. Miles Klnjr. M. T.
iiudsnn. P. B. Jchnvton. J. W. Mantcrd.
Charle* Johnson. Conrad ZeUs and Carleton H.
Jcbnson.
livening- — Vaudeville show from 8 to 10
o'clock; dancina- from 7 o'clock untU midnight.
Afternoon — Dancing in Oak Park Pavilion,
coir.niencinir at 1:SO o" clock, and continuing
until intermUrton for dinner at 6 o'clock; base
bail frame at 2 o'clock on Oak 'Park diamond,
professional ieague, Sacramento vs. San Fran
cisco; vaudeville show in <>ak Park Theater
irom 2 until S o'clock; field sports In Oak
J > k lnclorore. commencinr at 8 o clock aa
follow*.: Wheelbarrow race; sack race;
epjf race, best two out of three; barrel
race; fat men's race, fifty yard*; fat women's
rac», tTrer.ty-flv* yard*; miner* rock drilling;
contest, open to all corner*; boxlns con
tent under the .ausj-lces of Sacramento Athletic
Club.
Morning: — Grand parade at 10 o'clock and re
view by grand rrarshal at Tenth and L. street*.
SACRAMENTO. Sept 4.— The cele
bration of Labor day by organized
labor in this city on the 7th inst.
promises to be the grr.ndest ever
- held in this section cJ^'he State.
All the labor unions In Bccra..* .»to and a
number from outlying towns will take
part In the celebration. Preparations for
the event have been nearly completed by
the general committee, composed of mem
bers of the Federated Trades Council, the
Building- Trades Council and the United
Brotherhood of Railway Employes. The
following programme for the day has
been arranged by the local committee:
Special Dispatch to The Cell.
Sacramento Organizations to
Fittingly Observe
Labor Day.
WORKINGMEN WILL CELEBRATE
AT CAPITAL AND AT SAN JOSE
A Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
Itching. Blind. Bleedlr-S or Protruding Plies.
y<m , x~ IP ~ei*t will refund your money if PAZO
oStMEsS "ku! .to cure you. 30 cent*. •
NAPA, Sept. 4.-rWillIam H. Butler of
San Francisco haa filed for probate the
will of the late Felix A. Mathews. with a
petition for letters of administration. The
testator died In Tangier, Morocco, April
17, 1S99. The estate goes to the widow,
children and grandchildren of the de
ceased. The greater part of the property
is In Tangier, but the petition states that
the deceased owned a tract of land in the
Rancho Las Putas In Napa County.
Leaves an Estate in Morocco.
FALL RIVER, Mass.. Bept 4.—Seven
teen cotton manufacturing concerns of
Fall River will shut down until Septem
ber 14, throwing out of work nearly 13,000
hands operating 1,300,000 spindles. The
curtailment next week is the most exten
sive of any here since the cotton situation
became unfavorable to mill owners. This
extensive stoppage of machinery will take
more than $100,000 out of circulation
through the loss of wages. The delay in
the arrival of new cotton and the situa
tion in the market and the fact that Mon
day is a holiday are responsible for the
idleness of so many spindles.
Thrown Out of Employment
Till September 14.
Nearly 13,000 Operatives Will Be
FALL BIVEB COTTON"
MILLS TO SHUT DOWH
She was busy packing their trunks to
come home and during the day Colonel
Grlfflth had been unusually attentive to
her. As she was stooping over one of the
trunks he entered the room, and as she
looked up he turned on her and drew a
revolver. Leveling the weapon at her head
and standing within four feet of her ho
said: JGet your prayer-book and get down
on ytfur knees, for I'm going to kill you
now."
, She screamed and told him to put away
his pistol, but before she could seize It he
fired at her. She grappled with him and
he tried to fire again, but she eluded his
grasp and sprang through the window.
She remembered no more until she awoke
in bed with tho doctor bending over her.
Griffith waa In the room, and then It was
that she asked him to leave and he did so.
Mrs. Griffith's relatives have not decid
ed what to do.
this information. She stated that during
last night while she waa watching at
Mrs. Griffith's bedside In Santa Monica
the patient was conscious at intervals,
and during those intervals told what had
happened. Her story, as related by Mrs.
Whipple. is a» follows:
Continued Prom Page 1, Column 1.
EVANSVILLE. Ind., S*pt. 4.— Th* conven
tion of the National Stationary Engineer* ad
journed to-day. P. K. Hogan of Boston waa
elected president and J. F. Chambers of Lo»
Angeles doorkeerxr.
MYSTERIOUS SHOOTING IN HOTEL ROOM
When she .had revived he dragged her
from the closet and upon her persistent
refusal to tell him where she kept the
money the negro repeatedly choked her.
Neighboring women broke Into the house
after Mrs. Gerahn had been in the power
of tho negro for three hours and found
him standing over the prostrate woman
sinking his fingers into her throat
The negro hurried from the house and
ran to the Kansas River, two blocks dis
tant, where he hired a boat and ordered
the owner to row quickly to the Missouri
shore. When the boat had reached mid
stream a crowd of excited men and boys
had gathered at th© bank and shouted
to the owner of the boat to return to
shore. He started to do so, when the
negro stood up in the boat and with the
remark, "I have lived too long to die at
the end of the rope," dived Into the wa
ter. He drowned before the spot could
be reached and his body disappeared.
Mrs. Gerahn is a widow 45 years of age.
Her husband, wl?o was a packing-house
employe, and her son were drowned in
the great June flood and she lived alone.
The negro, aged about 30, called at the
house about noon and, entering stealth
ily, locked himself In. He surprised Mrs.
Gerahn at her work and demanded her
money. When she insisted that there
was none about the house the negro
threatened to kill her and, seizing her
by the throat, -began choking her. She
became unconscious and he locked her
In a closet.
KANSAS «CITT, Mo., Sept 4.-An un
known negro, caught in the act of stran
gling Mrs. Margaret ' Gerahn, a white
woman, in her home at Armourdale.
Kans., a suburb, this afternoon, escaped
to the Kansas River, where ho drowned
himself rather than run the chances of
being lynched, a crowd having chased
him to the bank of the stream- The wom
an was seriously hurt, but will recover.
Shafer was talking to Major Sides, the
banker, when Harris approached him
and a fight to the death commenced. Har
ris recognized that he had found the
man he had been looking for and as he
raised his shotgun Shafer grabbed the
barrel with his left hand and pulled a
revolver from his pocket. Meanwbtl*
there was a fierce struggle tor possession
of the shotgun. Shafer called twlca for
Harris to drop the gun, saying Wat he
would shoot Then followed the- fatal
shot. The bullet found lodgment in Har
ris' brain. Shafer surrendered himself.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SELMA, Sept 4.-J. E. Harris, ex-Chief'
of Police of San Diego, who came hero
a short time ago and purchased a fruit
¦ ranch, was shot and killed to-day by
W. H. Shafer, a surveyor, with whom hd
had difficulty over some wood claimed by
both. Shafer and Harris had an alterca
tion this morning over the Question of
the ownershiD of the wood and after the
fight both men armed themselves. Shafer
was standing at the postofflce thl3 after
noon, when Harris, who had but a few
moments before purchased a shotgun and
a box of cartridges, made his appearance.
Harris approached Shafer with his shot
gun held In a threatening manner. He
had been drinking and it was evident
that he was not quite sure of Shafer's
identity. Just a moment before he in
quired of a bystander if he had seen
Shafer and was told that Shafer was
at the postofflce. Shafer was dressed In
a different suit to the one he had on
when Harris had before seen him and
that probably accounts for his hesita
tion in shooting, as he did not know hi3
intended victim "well.
Negro Caught Stran
gling Woman Jumps
Into River.
J. E. Harris Is Shot at
Selma by Man He Had
Threatened.
DROWNS HIMSELF
TO ESCAPE MOB
FORMER POLICE
CHIEF IS KILLED
VIENNA, Sept 4.— A flre yesterday al
most destroyed the town of Dvenik, Bos
nia. Several persons were killed and
about - 600 houses, seven mosques and a
wnagogue were burned.
Fire Destroys Dvenik.
LONDON, Sept. 6.— The Morning Post
publishes a letter from its Constantinople
correspondent, in which he ; discusses the
Beirut affair, and . the position of the
American missionaries in Asia Minor.
He says:
"Things have arrived at a crisis. The
United States must either insist upon
the Porte listening to its representations
regarding American converts or drop the.
English Correspondent Discusses At
titude of the United States. *
"MAKE THE PORTE OBEY."
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 4.-Rafael Flores,
who has been. In jail here for two weeks'
as a fugitive from Mexican Justice, con
fessed to-day that he is" a murderer and
that be Is wanted in the State of Chi
huahua. An hour after his confession the
Chief of Police received a telegram from
the City of Mexico asking that the pris
oner be held and stating that proceedings
had been instituted through the State
Department for Flores' extradition.
Flores 6ays he Is willing to return to
Mexico without the formality of extra
dition, but despite his willingness the
Mexican Government will proceed so that
he. will have no choice in the matter and
will not be able to change his mind en
route.
The murder to which Flores has con
fessed was committed In Parral, Chihua
hua, his victim being Miguel Rlvas. The
two men had been- paying court to the
same young woman and Rivas won her.
One night Flores slipped up behind Rivas
and shot him In the back of the . head
with a revolver. He then fled to Cali
fornia. He was seen on the streets here
by a brother of the dead man and pointed
out to a patrolman, who arrested", him.
Until to-day he stoutly maintained > his
innocence. . .
Rafael Flores, Arrested at Los An
geles, Confesses to Murder of
Miguel Eivas.
FUGITIVE FROM MEXICO
BREAKS DOWN IN PRISON
Captain Stoyanoff's band captured fifty
Turkish soldiers at Bakovitza, about fif
teen miles southeast of Sofia, August 31,
took thelr^arma and ammunition and
proceeded to v Melnishko.
A dispatch from Rlla, forty miles from
Sofia, says the date of the general Insur
rection has been postponed. According to
reliable information from Constantinople,
Turkey will shortly have 400,000 soldiers
In Macedonia. The prospect of the ap
pearance ¦ of such an ¦ Immense army
causes the most intense anxiety here. It
Is regarded aa certain to arouse the ap
prehensions of the powers.
The Porte had great difficulty in Induc
ing the Asiatic troops to proceed to Eu
ropean Turkey. The change of climate
has already caused many deaths. V*.
SOFIA, Bulgaria, Sept 4.— Colonel Jan
koff, the insurgent leader, with three
lieutenants of the Servian army, at the
head of a band of 400 Insurgents, with a
flag flying, crossed the frontier on Mon
day evening and passed through the
Turkish posts unopposed. General Zont
cheff, president of the Macedonian com
mittee, in the disguise of a sheep dealer,
also crossed the frontier.
Colonel Jankoff and 4OO Men Pass
~\- Turkish Posts.
INSURGENTS CROSS FRONTIER.
Colonel Griffith denied that there had
been any quarrel, but admitted that he
and. his -wife had had a heated argument
about something the nature of which he
had forgotten. Several times he stated
that the revolver was a hammerless one
but when reminded that It would have
-been almost Impossible for such a wea
pou to be discharged in>ke manner he
stated, he said that he was not sure what
kind of a weapon it was. He many times
reiterated the statement that It was ail
an accident He did not seem totalize
the seriousness of his wife's condition as
Is Indicated by the fact that he went
Santa Monica to spend the nlghtTnstead
of remaining at the hospital
ACCUSE THE HUSBAND
Mr* Griffith's relatives held a cons'ulta
mining what action they would Se Th
nignt, and at Its conclusion the statemmt
was positively made that Mrs Griffith^
condition is the result of a delibeSS a\
Sff Pt t b f C ° l0nel Grlfflth to S her
SockS?^ W ? made by H°n "sadore
datP f ft i t 5 ? last De mocratic candi
memh,,. L1 , eUt t nant Governor, who is a
Slw tn«°V he famlly - Mrs - Whipple
save the other members or the family]
The Injured woman was brought to Los
Angeles this morning and taken to the
California Hospital. Colonel Griffith
called there during the day and then went
to the City Hall to attend a committee
meeting of the Board of Park Commis
sioners. He lunched at the Jonathan Club
and this evening returned to 'Santa Mon
ica, saying he Intended to drive his team
back to the city to-morrow morning.
Asked for a statement as to what
caused his wife's injuries, he said: "We
were packing up, getting ready to return
home, and my wife and I were placing
clothing in a trunk. Among the garments
was a hammerles3 revolver belonging to
me and this dropped out and striking
something exploded and the bullet Inflict
ed what I am told is a not serious wound
in my wife's face. She sprang up and
cried that she was shot and then ran to
ward the window and fell out. I sum
moned help and she was taken Jnto an
other room on the floor below and to-day
was brought to Los Angeles. That is all
there was about It."
from Colonel Griffith/a room for a bell
boy and to the boy who responded Grif
fith stated that Mrs. Griffith had met with
an accident and that assistance was
needed. Dr. Crawford was summoned
and he found Mrs. Griffith bleeding from
the wound on her face crawling into the
window of a room on the second floor,
her room being on the third floor. She
had fallen nearly twenty feet. Dr. Craw
ford put her to bed in the room Into
which she had attempted to crawl and
administered restoratives, the woman be
ing in a state bordering on collapse.
While the doctor was with her Colonel
Griffith, entered the room and his wife
asked the physician to request him to
leave, which was ¦ done»^and Griffith re
turned to his own room. Relatives were
summoned to Santa Monica from this
city and throughout the night Mrs. Grff
flth was delirious. In her ravings she
seemed to think she was about to be
killed and asked those about her to save
her. Colonel Griffith remained about the
hotel office, the physician having advised
that he remain away from his wife's
room.
GRIFFITH MAZES STATEMENT.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 4.— Josech Burns, one of
the oreanizers of the San Jose Fruit Packing
Company and for thirty-three years an active
business man of this city, died to-day, aged
67 years. He leave* one son, Harvey Burns
! CONSTANTINOPLE, Sept. 4.-Consul
Ravndal telegraphs from Beirut to Min
ister Leishman that the authorities there
have been actively seeking the assailant
of Vice Consul Magelssen, but the Consul
Is not able to state If he 43 among the
persons alreadv arrested.
The report circulated by a news agency
September 1 in the United States that a
balloon* bomb nad been found near the
palace Is utterly without foundation.
Turkish official reports indicate the
compiete success of the military Opera
tions against the Insurgents In theVKlis
sura district. Over 400 insurgents are Baid
to have been killed. The agent here of
the Hungarian Levant steamship line has
gone to Burgas to Investigate the three
which occurred Wednesday on
the Austrian uteanjer Vaakapu soon after
that vessel had left the port of Burgas
on her way to Constantinople, resulting
in the death of twenty-nine persons. The
cause of the explosion is still In doubt.
It is now said that the assistant con
ductor of the sleeping car waB the author
of the bomb outrage .august 27, when the
daily express from Budapest was blown
up near Kulell Burgas and seven persons
were killed and fifteen others were In
jured. He left the train at Philippopolis
and has been arrested there.
The Sultan announces the gift of 50,000
woolen coats to the troops concentrated
In Roumelia, and in an official note issued
by the Prefecture of this city the popu
lation Is Invited to- contribute flannel
vests, boots, socks, etc., which are re
quired by the soldiers in the field.
cerning the ilagelssen Affair.
American Consul Telegraphs Con-
SEEKING THE ASSAILANT.
HOWARDS. Sept. 4. — An alarm for
a flre near the Bohemian Club's great
redwood grove was given here late this
afternoon by ranchmen from the hills
north of Bohemia. Passengers on the
North Shore trains reported a fire in the
high divide between Dutch Bill Creek
and Westover Canyon, or the one west
of that. Hop pickers lately encamped
at King & Starett's hop ranch were
cooking dinner when the fire, fanned by
a high breeze, got beyond control and
swept southward and up the hillside. No
water was obtainable except from the
Russian River, which was too far away,
and the springs and tank In Bohemia
Grove were too small to give much of a
supply. Great columns of smoke were
plainly visible from here at sundown.
Hop Pickers Accidentally Start
Big Blaze While Preparing
Their Dinner.
Third dlviyipn— Brewery Workers, Mill Men
No. l'C2, Blacksmiths. Plumbers, Lumber
Handlers, Electrical Workers. Bottlers. Cement
Workers, Plasterers, Gilroy Federation.
Fourth division — Brickmakers. Bakers.
Horsesho<»rs. Specialty Builders, Barbers, A. R.
U. members. Janitors, Retail Clerks, Street
BOHEMIAN CLUB'S GROVE
IS THREATENED BY FIRE
First division — Cigar Makers. Carpenters'
Union No. aid. Machinists. Tinners. Tailors,
National Teamsters No. 1, National Teamsters
No. 2, Engineers, Lathers, Boxmakers, Carpet
Workers. Laborers' Protective Association, i
Second division — Typographical Union,
Painters' Union No. 507. Maynold Painters,
Los Chics I'alntors. Butchers. Carpenters No.
«U8. Carpent^i-p No. £44, Cooks and Waiters,
Kaundry Workers, Quarry Men, Leather
Workerr. Team Drivers No. 35.
The order of parade as arranged by
Grand Marshal C. W. King is as follows:
SAN. JOSE, Sept. 4.— Preparations
are aboiV completed for the Labor
day parade. The town Is being
decorated and a general holiday
will be observed. About 3000 union
men are expected to be in line.
The parade will take place in the morn
ingr and a picnic at Agricultural Park,
with a baseball game and bicycle races,
will follow. In the evening there will be
a grand ball.
Garden City Dons Gala Garb
in Preparation for the
Event.
Gentlemen, while I lost the cup, or, rather
did not succeed in winning it, I have not lost
the esteem and good will of my American
friends, which esteem and good will I recip
rocate Jn the very highest degree possible." A
great consolation to me In my unsuccessful
effort to lift the cup Is the great kindness
ehown me by all classes My feeling of grati
tude for this spirit is gTeat beyond expression.
I shall bear In mind the remembralce of your
kindly acts for all time. I am eure that a«
the days and years roll toy these contests will
not have been held. In vain If they make us
realize that wherever we are. all the world
over, we shall "brothers be for a' that "
Herreshoff li the greatest designer of the
age, but I am still very hopeful that I will
Bee that cup on the other side yet. ' v .
America Is a very hard to beat and
I know It. I am a very disappointed man, but
still I have the consolation that both con
queror and conquered belong to the same good
old race. The cup Is still in the family, only
it is held by a younger and more go-ahead
generation.
I am beginning to think that there is some
magio 6pell about the bloomln' old cup Two
years ago I had it almost within my grasp
but it escaped me then as It has escaped me
now and It seems aa far oft as ever. It re
minds me of the story of the Irishman who
was asked If he could play the fiddle *'I
don't know." said he, "I've never tried it " I
have tried it and tried It again without suc
cess, but my motto has been "Try, try again "
Although I have been without success each
time I nave tried, I do not despair that some
day we shall succeed In capturing that fa
mous trophy, although I must confess that
we appear now to be more than a little bit
astern.
ALMOST WITHI1T GRASP.
I have heard much comment for and against
the Sandy Hook course. It Is as good a course
as any other— nay. there Is no other course
in the world like it.
When the Ices were served a procession
of waiters marched in to a popular air,
bearing trays crowned with gilded harps,
full rigged; models of Reliance and Sham
rock, and Easels with figures of yachts.
Later women began to appear in the
boxes* among them being the CounteBS
of^ ShaJttesbury and many ladies who have
been Sir Thomas' guests on board the
Erin.
Wilson, addressing Sir Thomas, said
that his attitude had struck a responsive
chord In every heart.
"As a loser," said he, "you are a corker.
Tou will ever have the admiration, love
and regard of all Americans'."
Sir Thomas was given many hearty
rounds of cheers when he arose. He safd:
We are all more or less pilgrims here to
night, and I would like to feel that I am
not a Ft ranger <ajnon«r you. Many of my best
American friends are Pilgrims, and I regard
It .13 a great honor to be your guest. '
As regards the cup races, we have been
fairly and squarely beaten and I congratulate
America on having the better boat. I wish
to take occasion here to express my thanks
for the courteousnese and kindness shown me
by the New York Yacht Club. Everything
has been done that could b© done to make
my visit here a pleasant one. I am especially
grateful for the admirable way in which the
course was kept clear.
With Sir Thomas at the guest's table
sat the Earl of Shaftesbury, commodore
of the Royal Ulster Yacht Club; Colonel
Sherman-Crawford, vice commodore of
the Royal Ulster Yacht Club; Commodore
F. G. Bourne, William Fife. Rear Ad
miral Rodgers, Henry Watterson, General
Joseph Wheeler, George T. Wilson and
ex-Governor Thomas.
Wilson presided at the dinner In the ab
sence of Bishop Potter, the president of
the society. . '"•'
FAMOUS MEN" AT TABLE.
George T. Wilson, Sir Thomas Upton,
General Joseph Wheeler, ex-Governor C.
S. Thomas of Colorado. General H. C.
Corbin, Colonel Henry Watterson and
.Senator A. B. Bate.
•In order to enliven matters somewhat
at the outset the guests sang a little
song to the refrain of "Mr. Dooley,"
which told of the virtues of Sir Thomas
and his enduring efforts to lift the cup.
There had been arranged no formal
speeches, but th© following were called
upon:
Surmounting the menus, which bore the
flags of Sir Thomas and the Royal Ulster
lacht Club, was a cardboard yacht which
bore no name.
were present. 8ir Thomas arrived at 7:40
and for half an hour received his friends.
Then Sir Thomas, escorted by George T.
Wilson, led the way from the reception
room to the tables. At either end of the
hall was hung Sir Thomas' private em
blem, the shamrock, on a field of yellow,
surrounded by a green border, while above
the guest's tabl« were draped the flags
of Great Britain and the United States.
Bunches of red roses on each table, and
green on the walls completed the decora
tions.
NEW YORK, Sept. 4.-Sir Thomas Lip
ton was the guest of honor of tha Fjl,
grims of the United States at a dinner
given In his honor to-night at the Wal
dorf-Astoria. Nearly one hundred and
fifty men prominent in many walks of life
Many Noted Men Are Present at the
Dinner Tendered the Yachts
man at the Waldorf-
Astoria.
Dispatches from Sofia from Vienna as
sort that the war party in Bulgaria is
graining ground. The semt-offlcial Dnev
nik Is preaching a war and has revealed
the existence of an alleged Russo-Bulga
rian treaty of alliance signed by Dr. Da
nleff and General Paprikoff, lately Bul
garian Premier and Minister of War, re
spectively.
On the other hand, showing the diffi
culty of arriving at an accurate estimate
of the real condition of affairs, the Sofia
correspondent of the Daily Telegraph de
clares that Bulgaria's aversion, to war Is
Insuperable on both military and political
grounds. H« asserts that the Bulgarian
Government is resolved to sedulously
avoid, everything calculated to lead to
hostilities, first on account of the Austro-
Russlan opposition, and, second, because
the army is totally unprepared for war.
Prince Ferdinand is. devoting his efforts to
staving off a decision, hoping that the
powers, for their own safety, will arrange
for a European control of Macedonia and
the restoration of peace.
The Increasingly threatening aspect of
affairs in the Balkans seriously affects all
the European capitals. What is to be
done in Macedonia is anxiously discussed
on all sides. The censorship Is active at
present, for the only news thus far of the
landing of marines emanated from Wash
ington. The subject is not mentioned In
any Constantinople dispatches received
here.
According to these dispatches, although
it is considered certain that the destruc
tion of the Hungarian steamer Vaskapu,
in the Black Sea, was the work of the in
surgents, the intention to kill Hungarian
subjects may provoke Austrian Interven
tion.
The Austrian Embassy at Constantino
ple, in the absence of convincing proofs,
has not yet taken action. The police in
the meantime are arresting Bulgarians in
all parts of Constantinople and wild ru
mors aro afloat of other projected out
rages. The Boerse is panic-stricken be
cause of the fears of war. Most active
military preparations by the Turkish
Government are proceeding and Turkish
officers are talking of their ability to
reach Sofia within three weeks from the
outbreak of war.
LONDON, Sept. 5.— The situation is crit
ical for, the Bulgarian Government, tele
graphs the Sofia correspondent of the
Times, not only on account of Macedonia,
but also because of the internal political
complications.
The Vienna correspondent of the iTlmes
reports that in various competent quar
ters the danger of a Turko-Bulgarian con
flict is reported to be graver at the pres
ent moment than at any previous junc
ture. It is believed in Vienna, he adds,
that if war breaks out it will be lees on
account. of Bulgarian sympathy with the
Macedonians than because the Bulgarians
fear the untoward consequences to their
own country of the return en masse of
the desperate disappointed insurgent lead
ers who would swamp Bulgarian public
life. -S
Situation Becomes Very Critical Be
cause of Many Complications.
BTJiLGABJA IN PEBTL.
Declares He Still Hopes \o
See Trophy on the Other
Side.
Sir Thomas Speaks at
Banquet of the
Pilgrims. \
minatlon followed the receipt of a tele
gram from the French Embassador at
proceed to Turkish waters. This deter-
Constantinople that it was durable to
have warships In readiness Tor all event
ualities. Similar expressions have been
made In Italy, Austria, Russia and
Great Britain. The officials here expect
the fleets will act together In case of a
crisis. . . ,'
The first autumn meeting: of the Cab
inet was held to-day. Foreign Minister
Delcasse reviewed the Turkish situation.
The French Consul at Monastir reports
that conditions there have improved. The
Consul of France at Salonica says J the
conditions at that port are much worse.
SPELL ABOUT
BLOOMIN' CUP,
SAYS LIPTON
THE SAN FBANCISGO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1903.
CRISIS NOW ALARMINGLY NEAR
IN TURKEY'S TROUBLED AFFAIRS
Continued From Page 1, Column 6.
GRAND MARSHAL OF THE LA
BOR DAT PARADE AT SAC
RAMENTO.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Sept. 4.— Burt
L. Newklrk of the class of 1897, Minnesota
State University, has accepted a position
in the department of astronomy of the
University of California. While acting as
assistant to Professor Francis P. Leaven
worth of .the State University, Mr. New
klrk accumulated the material which
later furnished a basis for his thesis on
the parallax of the ring nebula in Lyra.
Burt It. Newkirk Has Accepted a
Position in the Faculty
at Berkeley.
MINNESOTA ASTRONOMER
COMING TO CALIFORNIA
2
Invite Attention to Their
Men's Business Suits
for Fall and Winter
: CtWe want you to appreciate the merits of our ROOS-MADE suits for
business wear. They have snap, dash and style about them, and all
the characteristics of fine custom tailoring.
• <kROOS-MADE clothes have broad, shapely shoulders, snug-fittine
collars, and coat fronts that will always retain their shape— clothes that
cost little, yet are far superior to the ordinary ready-to-wear sort.
CDust the clothes for every day wear, business or to knock about in
They look well for every occasion, and they wear as well as they look
Nothing better at the price.
Z?5 SINGLE-BREASTED SUITS are made up in Blue and
Black Cloths of a variety of weaves, also bright, snappy Fancy
Worsteds and Cheviots, and in exclusive patterns of our own
personal selection. Coats slightly longer than last season's,
fuller in back ard with broad chest effect; lapels long and nar-
row, hugging collar closely; fronts nearly straight, with slight-
ly rounded corners.
$15.00, $18.00, $20.00, $22.50, $25.00
THE DOUBLE-BREASTED SUITS are made, up in same
STSSMrS&eTSd i »«-«""-'. 3 button."
THE PRICES:
$18,00, $20.00, $22.50, $25.00
<L "Roos-Made" means that the garments so designated were made to
our order by the best makers in New York and Chicago from fabrics spe-
cially selected for our house.
KEARNY AT POST
THE CALL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close on September 24,
1903, and all holders of Atlas
Coupons are requested to pre-
sent them immediately, as this
great opportunity to secure en©
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium rates will be
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24.
DR. . PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
Sickness steals more savings than the
burglar. Slowly, coin by coin, the
money that has been so hardly earned
is paid out for drugs and doctors. Sick-
ness is the worst enemy of the working
man, and the common cause of the work-
ing man's sickness is disease of the
stomach often involving the heart, lungs,
liver, or kidneys.
The use of Dr. Pierce's Golden Med-
ical "Discovery will stop the stealing of
the savings by sickness. It cures dis-
eases of the stomach and other organs of
digestion and nutrition. It cures dis-
eases of heart, liver, lungs, kidneys, etc.,
when these diseasesiare caused by the
diseased condition of the stomach and
its allied organs.
63,000 FORFEIT will be paid by the
World's; Dispensary Medical Association,
Proprietors, Buffalo, N. Y., if they cannot
show the original signature of the indi-
vidual volunteering the testimonial below
and also of the writers of every testimonial
among the thousands which they are con-
stantly publishing, thus proving their gen-
uineness. ¦ '-v* '-,-*;¦
"About ten years ago I be>taa to have trouble
with my stomach," writes Wm. Connolly, of s«
W^Jfut Street, I.orain, Ohio. «It got so bad!
haa to lay off quite often. You advised the use
of your • Golden Medical Discovery • and * Pleas!
ant Pellets.' Am very happy to state u£tr
s^ss-yis? tip - top - and *«" than {
-'Accept no substitute for "Golden Medical
bo^lF"' 8 PleaSaBt PeUets rarulsrte *« j
VESTISEMENT3.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLSmnstbear
Fac-simile Signature of /^w^^
£f]^Ksjf \J tT TORPID LIVER. tp^ir-vj
SALLOW SKIN. KBSSIaraMMMMBaSSl
a % it re=» ,— . 6ma.il PiiU
They TOUCH the fbaB tf id-^ flk , Small PHcs.
Genuine Wrapper Printed on .^ ,-r
RED PAPER BLACK LETTERS s£&*r^J&ZPs>**-rS
booh for th» Signature /rZ^^^t^^^District Attorney Will
Prepare Com
plaint.
The monthly meeting of the Technical
Society of the Pacific Coast was held last
night at Mechanics' Institute Hall. There
was a large gathering of civil, mechanical
and mining engineers. The principal talk
of the session was \ made , by James T.
Ludlow, who spoke" on the subject of
refrigerating machinery. .
Technical Society Holds Meeting.
In a petition to revoke letters of guard
ianship over the persons of Isabella and
William McKenzie filed yesterday by Dan
iel McKenzie, the children's father, he
charges that Major White, secretary of
the California Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children, committed fraud
upon the court that made the appoint
ment. McKenzie alleges that. White in
stead of serving subpenas upon the rela
tives of the children, as the law provides,
suppressed them, thus preventing the per
sons interested from appearing and prov
ing that his charges were wrong.
Charges White With Fraud.
Dr. Charles Morgan, toxicologist, fur
nished much amusement for the audience
by giving a technical dennitlon of pto
maines and. by denying that he had ever
taken. any very. great quantity of arsenic
to observe the effects. He testified that
He remembered seeing Mrs. Martin
Bowers give her husband some white
powders. The patient complained once
that the prepared food did not taste right.
Harry Bowers felt certain all the time
that poisoned ham had caused the trouble.
The witness was very voluble, but the
Coroner could not get any definite reason
as to why he became suspicious.
OFFICIALS MAKE STATEMENTS.
Autopsy , Surgeon Baclgalupt testified
that he had sent the stomach and other
portions of the body of tne deceased to
City Chemist Green and tnat rt'e> himself
had found that the bridge builder had
suffered from fatty degeneration of both
the liver and the kidneys and that tuber
culosis was apparent In the left lung.
City Chemist Green said- he had opened
the stomach after Dr. Morgan had re
ported to him that, there were ttaces of
mineral poison. He found matter which
he took to be arsenic and proved that his
idea was correct by numerous tests. „
Brown and was sent by the latter to
make a statement to the police.
Harry Bowers testified to pretty much
the same facts and gave in addition
some details in regard to his knowledge
of his brother's sickness and to his own
experiences at the Martin Bowers home.
He told about how his wife and him
self became sick after partaking of some
beer purchased by the sick man's wife a
few days before the end.
The evening session was devoted to ad
dresses. Among the speakers were K.
Mtama, who was converted to Christian
ity in this city in 1S74 and who 13 now
employed by the W. C. T. U. as a lec
turer in Japan, and T. Ukai, pastor of
Ginga Church in Toklo, whose mission to
this country Is to raise £50,000 to build a
new church on the site of his present
charge. The convention will meet again
to-day at 2 o'clock.
The silver jubilee convention of the Pa
cific Japanese Mission Society met yes
terday afternoon In the Japanese Meth
odist Church. 1329 Pine street. Bishop
Earl Cranston, L.L.. D., presided.
Reports were read from the various
pastors having charge of Japanese Meth
odist churches throughout the Pacific
Coast States and Hawaii, all of which
showed a prosperous and encouraging
ccndltion of affairs. Committees were ap
pointed as follows:
Auditing— M. S. Vail. Z. Hlrota. Church ex
tension—S. Sugehara, H. Saljo, S. Karamatsu.
Publication — H. Saijo, Z. Hlrota. Education —
Z. Hlrota, K. Mlura. C. Kondo. Sunday-school*
and tracts — M. S. Vail, Z. Tsuruda. S. Suge
hara. Resolutions — M. S. Vail. C. Nakamura.
Silver Jubilee Anniversary of the
Founding of the Society Is
Being Celebrated.
METHODIST JAPANESE
MISSION CONVENTION
SISTERS ACCUSED BY COR
ONER'S JURY AND WIT
NESSES AT THE INQUEST.
. Mrs. Sutton denies that she made any
remark to Peterson about the doctor's
prescribing: arsenic. Detective . Thomas
Ryan, who has handled the case for the
Police Department, told of how he and
Detective Coleman bad secured the in
fcrmation presented to the jury. He told
what Mrs. Bowers had informed | him in
' It ¦ was on or about August 20 '¦when the
woman whom I now know to be Mrs. Sutton
came to the store and presented the forged
prescription. I never filled ?uch an order
before for, any doctor. Xo quantity of the
drug was 'ppeclfled and the woman said to
give her whatever I wished and that she did
not care what it cost. This made me a little
careful and I aBked what she wanted of the
arsenic. She said it was for a sick man who
was paralyzed. I gave her an ounce and told
her what sort of a drug It was. I cautioned
her to let the doctor use it and she said she
.would do so.
' About a week later the proprietor of the
store told me that the. detectives had discov
ered something wrong. I 'Identified the pre
scription" when they came. Mrs. Harry-Bow
ers was brought into the store first. I said
she was not the woman. Then came Mrs. Sut
ton and I knew her at once. There could be
no mistake. Her face was fixed in my mem
ory mostly because we had such a talk about
her purchase that night. . She said it might
have been Mrs. Martin Bowers, but when I
saw her I knew differently.
That "night I identified Mrs. Sutton in the
office of the Chief of Police again. She said
I was mistaken and told me to ask her sister
If the doctor had .not prescribed arsenic for
Martin Bowers. I did not do so for I wanted
to perform no detective work;
Drug Clerk Peterson's testimony was
the most sensational of the day. When
asked to Identify the woman to whom he
sold the "ounce of arsenic on the forged
prescription, he rose to his feet, pointed
at Mrs. Sutton and said: "That is the
woman." His statement was as follows:
WONDERS AT PRESCRIPTION.
Deptfty Coroner M. J. Brown told how
Harry Bowers hud reported that some
thing was the matter.. The official then
telephoned to the German Hospital to
allow no one to touch the body and sent
the complainants to the police.
Coroner Leland said that he had been
requested by telephone to sign the death
certificate so that the body would not
have to be removed to the Morgue. He
replied that he would be glad to do so
after his deputies had made a thorough
investigation of the case.
The length of time that a poisoned man
might live was indefinite. Some had
lived many months. Arsenic caused a
degeneration of the tissues, which caused
death. ¦ The poison whicn tvas found In
the dead man's stomach did no harm.
It was the arsenic which had become
dissolved. As more than rour grains of
the powder were found Toxicologist Mor
gan thought the dose muse have been a
large one.
a large quantity of the arsenious acid,
such as wasXpund In the stomach of Mar
tin Bowers, might act as an emetic and
prove less harmful than a smaller dose.
' Both returned to Follis'- saloon and the
proprietor repeated his remark about the
prospect of trouble. Harry Bowers and
his wife proceeded to the Morgue. When
the husband discovered that arrangements
had been made that his' brother's • body
would not be taken to the Coroner's:of
fice he demanded an investigation. . He
told his suspicions to .' Deputy Coroner
CarJ Schmidt, the ward nurse at the
German Hospital, who attended Bowers
during his last moments, said that two
women, whom he identified in the In
quest room as Mrs. Martin Bowers and
Mrs. Harry Bowers, were present during
the afternoon while the patient was pass-
Ing away. The wife exhibited much grief
and was creating a scene. Bowers asked
for water continually, but could not hold
it on his stomach.
Mrs. Harry Bowers stated • that' she
went to the hospital with her sister-in
law and described minutely what took
place there. The newly made widow did
not want to have the body go to the
Morgue and signed a receipt turning over
the remains to Undertaker Peterson. The
two women then proceeded to Mrs..But
ton's apartments at 154 Eddy street and
thence to Clementina street. There they
met I<ervey. or O'Leary, and took two or
three drinks apiece In various saloons. .
Mrs. Harry Bowers then went to Fol
lis' saloon and told the woman in charge
of the place that the bridge builder was
dead. Mr. Follls, who was present, re
marked that he knew trouble would re
sult from the whole strange affair. Mrs.
Harry Bowers said that she then hur
ried to her own house and told her hus
band of what had happened.
WOMEN VISIT DYING MAN.
lly. This admission on the part of the
physician caused a ripple of laughter to
pass over the audience.
The day before Martin Bowers died Dr.
McLaughlin went to the house and saw
that the patient was In a state of utter
collapso. and vomiting terribly. Harry
Bowers was then told that if hia brother
was not removed to some place where
he would receive more care he would not
last long. The bridge builder was re
moved to the German Hospital next day.
but too late. The doctor explained that
the symptoms of various kinds of pois
oning are very much the same. ¦ p
Dr. John Lncan testified that he was
called to the, Bowers house on the even
ing of August 13. After two visits he
found that the patient was taking medi
cines prescribed by another man and
withdrew from the case; He thought
Bowers, might have been suffering from
arsenical poisoning.
Dr. Bernstein, resident physician at the
German Hospital, said that. Bowers was
taken to the institution in an ambulance
on August 25 in a dying condition. Re
storatives were applied and the' man sur
vived until about 4 o'clock In the after
noon.
SAN FRANCISCANS MAY
RECEIVE THE CONTRACTS
Put in the Lowest Bids for Por
tion of Construction Work
at Fort Eosecrans.
FAX DIEGO, Sept. 4. — Bids were
opened to-day by Construction Quarter
master Rolfe for the construction of
four buildings at Fort Rcsecrans, con-
Fisting of double captains' quarters,
double lieutenants' quarters, no*i-com
missioned officers' quarters and barracks.
The lowest bid on construction was
made by Solon Bryan of this city. The
lowest for the plumbing was by Robert
I>jilzirll. Kan Francisco, who also bid low
est on the steam heating outfit for the
captains' quarters. For steam heating
jri double lieutenants' quarters and bar
r»dn J. D. Sutton of San Francisco was
lowest On electric wiring I", 12 Tittle
nf San Francisco made the lowest bids.
All the bids will be forwarded to the
Muartermaster'e office in Washington to
be passed upon.
Lower Prices for Wine Grapes
STOCKTON. Sept. 4.— George West &
Fon, incorporated, owners of the West
vinery, announce the following prices
which thf-y will pay this year for grapes:
Ordinary varieties of wine grapes, J13 50
per ton: Mission grapes, $12 per ton;
Eiack Prince grapes, 511 per ton; tokay
prapes. 5S per ton. For a few varieties
higher prices will be paid. They say there
is an overproduction of wine graphs and
point out lower prices as inevitable if wild
planting continues.
Asserts Dead Man's
Wife Forged
Order.
Defendants Refuse to
Testify at the
Hearing.
The suit was commenced in 1S!M, the clty
clalming that the realty in question was
school property because on the Van Ness
map, adopted by the city in 1S54, it was
designated by brown coloring, showing
that it had been reserved for public pur
poses.
Seawell holds that the mere fact that
the lot was colored brown on the map,
without any evidence as to the number of
lots .so colored. Is not sufficient to Jus
tify the inference that it was reserved
for school purposes, particularly as there
is nothing in the report of the commis
sioners who selected the lots to show that
any of the lots reserved were designated
by color. The map itself was poor evi
dence, as it is faded.
In a decision rendered yesterday in the
city's suit to quiet title to a piece of
realty brought against Judge John Hunt,
as executor of the estate of the late
George F. Sharp. Judge Seawell decided
that title vested in Hunt in his capacity
as executor. The property is located at
the corner of Fillmore and Thirteenth
streets and was claimed by the city on
the ground that It had been reserved un
der the Van Ness ordinance for school
purposes.
Judge Seawell Settles Dispute Over
Realty Claimed by the
City.
TITLE TO LAND VESTS
IN THE SHARP ESTATE
HVlKVfS. Sept. 4.— Th" official? of the
Fheriff's office made a discovery here to
day which thwarted an attempt to escape
on the part of the prisoners in .the County
Jail. The prisoners had a small hole cut
in the concrete floor of the corridor and
¦with a little more work they would have
heen able to make their way out. The
f fceriff was informed of the plot to escape
by a prisoner who had Just been released
at the expiration of his sentence.
Prison Break Is Frustrated.
SUISUN*. Sept. 4.— William Heacock and
Charles Carlson, who were convicted in
the Superior Court here Tuesday of high
way robbery, were sentenced to State's
prison by Judge Buckles to-day. Heacock
was sentenced to five years in San Quen
tin and Carlson to seven years in Folspm.
They held up and robbed an old soldier
named George Cooper in Sutsun about a
month ago.
Footpads Sent to Penitentiary.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Sept. 4.-
Dr. Jordan has turned over to the univer
sity a collection of about 3000 volumes on
fishes, -which has formed the nucleus of
his working library for many years. The
list of books contains the names of many
noted Ichthyologists, a number of whoso
works cannot be duplicated. Besides
these there is a collection of pamphlets.
237 volumes In all, containing treatises on
fishes. These books will be placed in the
new zoology department.
Makes Present to the University.
Notwithstanding the Information that
comes from Reno, It Is not believed at
the Governor's office here that the Ne
vada authorities will insist upon the re
•vvards being paid before turning the es
reped convicts over to the California of
i":« -ers. Private Secretary Nye will com
municate with the Governor's office " at
Carson City, New, to learn the exact
condition of affairs, and if no obstacles
are put in the way of the desire of the
Governor's office here to have Murphy
p.n<i Woods returned to Folsom the prison
ers will shortly again be Inmates of th?t
institution.
It has been intimated that the Nevada
authorities would not deliver up to the
agent of the State of California the two
. prisoners unless the reward of $550 offered
¦ for the capture of each of the two con
victs was paid in advance. This is some
•¦wkat embarrassing, as there are no
• means for meeting the demands of the
"Nevada authorities in the event that such
demands are made. It would bo neces
sary for the State Board of Examiners to
audit the claims of the captors of Mur
"jthy and Woods before they could be paid.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 4.— District At
torney A. M. Seymour this afternoon ap
plied to Governor Pardee for a requisi
tion upon the Governor of Nevada for
the return to this State of Convicts Jo
"ppph Murphy and John H. Woods, who es
caped from the Fo'.som prison on the 27th
of last July with a number of other con
victs.
District Attorney of Sacramento Pre
' sents Papers to Governor Pardee.
APPLIZS FOB REQUISITIONS.
In the light of developments the phy
sician said that there could be absolutely
no doubt that Martin Bowers wa« suf
fering from arsenical poisoning while at
the Waldeck. Mrs. Bowers said after
a month that they could not stand the
expense of keeping the patient at the
sanitarium and her husband was then re
moved home. Previous to leaving the
Waldeck hn had been able to be in the
garden and was feeling well.
. After being transferred home he became
rapidly worse. The physician was sure
that the sick man was not getting proper
attention, and so stated to the Bowers
family and to some of their visitors. Dr.
McLaughlin went away to the country
about the first of August, as he did not
understand what Mrs. Bowers wanted to
have him do about treating the patient
further in view of what had been said.
When be returned he sent his assistant
around to 370 Clementina street to find
out how he stood with the Bowers fam-
SAYS ARSENIC WAS CAUSE,
Dr. McLaughlin noticed the drooping of
wrists and ankles and the partial paraly
sis, which are symptoms of mineral poi
soning. He asked Bowers if he had been
in the mines or around any place where
there was fresh paint, and concluded
when assured that there could not be
any mineral poisoning that ptomaines
had caused the trouble.
Dr. McLaughlin first saw Martin Bow
ers on July 4 or 5. The bridge-builder
was emaciated and very weak. His symp
toms were those of poisoning. The phy
sician pave the man a treatment which
wou'.d benefit a sufferer from any kind
of poisoning, and the patient began to
recover rapidly.
ago, came to his office the first week in
July and told him about a sick friend
who had been under the care of two doc
tors and who had not benefited thereby.
Cunningham wanted the physician to
take the case, and on the advice of- the
latter Bowers was shortly taken to the
Waldeck Sanitarium.
Dr. McLaufrhlin, who was called next,
said that John Cunningham, whom he
had treated professionally about a year
Dr. Dillon next testified that he had
known Bowers for ten or twelve years.
On June 10 or 11 he was summoned to 370
Clementina street to see the sick bridge
builder. He found the man dressed, but
very weak and lying on the bed. The
physician did not think the patient had
been poisoned by ham. but diagnosed the
case as one of indigestion. He prescribed
a combination of bismuth and morphine.
He went to the Bowers home again on
June 13, and the patient was feeling bet
ter. Mrs. Bowers showed much affection
for her husband on this occasion. The
physician noticed two or three women In
the house, but no men. He did not think
that Bowers could have been suffering
violently at that time from arsenical poi
son in S-
CALLS CASE INDIGESTION.
The physician took a sample of the
matter which the sick man was vomiting
and examined it microscopically at his
home for ptomaines. Coroner Leland then
elicited the information that Dr. von
Tiedemann did not expect, to find any
ptomaines, and that they could not be
discovered by a microscope. The witness
paid that ptomaines were bacilli, which
was denied by other physicians who gave
testimony subsequently.
Dr. von Tiedemann was informed daily
in regard to the condition of Bowers, but
did not call again until June 9, when the
patient v.as reported to have improved.
Mrs. Bowers told the doctor then that
she had been sick for two days from eat
ing ham, but she showed no symptoms of
it. He requested her to keep him in
formed about her husband, but she failed
to do so. When he was leaving she said
his fee of $4 was too great.
He taw Cunningham In an adjacent
room on one of his visits. He knew no
more of the case until he heard that
murder had been committed. Dr. von
Tiedemann thought that Bowers might
have been suffering from arsenical poi
soning.
After the Jury had been formally sworn
Dr. Carl von Tiedemann was called upon
to set forth his knov.ledgo of the case. He
paid that he had been summoned to the
Bowers house about June 5. He found
the patient suffering from what he judged
was> ptomaine poisoning, in view of the
statements of Mrs. Bowers that her hus
band had become ill after partaking of
some ham. Bowers* symptoms were a
raging thirst, high temperature, dilated
pupils and an inability to keep food on
his stomach.
Mrs. Martha Bowers and Mrs. Sutton
were present with their attorneys, but
neither took the stand. Lervey, the third
prisoner, was kept in his cell at the City
Prlson. Mrs. Martha Bowers sighed deep
ly whenever any particularly damaging
evidence was introduced, but her sister,
Mrs. Suttcn, remained cold and calm as
the storied sphinx throughout the entire
proceedings. At times the audience was
Etill as death Itself while terrible truths
were being made known, and again the
lugubrious surroundings were forgotten
in hearty peals of laughter.
PHYSICIANS TESTIFY.
The evidence introduced at the inquest,
held yesterday, went to show only how
the murdered man came to his death.
There was no testimony in regard to the
motive for the crime. The session lasted
exactly six hours, exclusive of an Inter
mission for luncheon. The inquest room
was packed with witnesses and disinter
ested spectators.
MRS. MARTHA E. BOWERS was
charged yesterday by a Coroner's
Jury with the willful murder by
means of arsenic of her late hus
band. Martin I-. Bowers, and
her sister, Mrs. Z. C. Sutton, was
charged with complicity In the crime and
will be tried as an accessor}'' The ver
dict of the Coroner's jury is given above
in full.
District Attorney Byington states that
he will probably file his complaint to
day, formally charging Mrs. Bowers and
Mrs. Sutton with murder.
The jurymen asked many questions dur
ing the course of the proceedings. They
were highly praised by Coronci Leland.
Attorney Vaughn, for the defense, and
District Attorney Byington both stated
that they would like to have Just such
men on the Jury at the prospective trial.
The names of the Jurymen who were
present are: F. A. Zane, R. D. Mage a ,
H. A. Walsh, I. Danzlger, J. F. Walters.
F. R. Burrows, A. S. Holman and Thomas
Gilbert.
Handwriting Experts Kytka and Elsen
schimmel took samples of Mrs. Martin
Bowers' chlrography and compared them
with the prescription. Both declare 1 un
equivocally that the widow fcrged the
order for arsenic. They indicated '"a few
of the 500 points" whicn they say they
will bring out at the trial. It was shown
that Mrs. Bowers had attempted to dis
guise her chlrography when writing at
the order of the police. The exhibits were
passed around to the jurymen.
Groceryraan Gottjen testified that he did
not remember having sold any ham to
Mrs. Bowors, but presumed that lie might
h:ive done so. He saM ft young man came
to the door one day and told mm that a
man up the s.treet had been poiaoucd by
eating some of the ham 'which came Irom
the grocery. He could not ascertain wfio
the young man was. Detective Ryan say3
John Cunningham was ihe youn^ man.
Detective Coleman related what he had
done on the case In company wit 'a Ryan.
Coroner Leland said that there wns no
necessity to introduce testimony showing
a motive for the crime. Mrs. Bowera an.l
Mrs. Sutton were Invited to taka the
stand, but both declined to do so. Their
attorneys heard the case attentively, but
did not take part in any of the discus
sions or question the witnesses. The ver
dict was rendered in about ten minutes
after the case was closed.
regard to giving the d*ad man's watch
to John Cunningham and how the J2S00
hurl been drawn from the Hlternla Bank
and placed with the German Savings and
Loan Society.
IDENTIFY HANDWRITING.
Declares Poison Was
Procured by
Accused.
The principal testimony In favor of the
petitioner was given by the father. Louie
Yin testified that he was the father of
two sons, both of whom he had sent to
China when they were infants. One came
back two years ago. The second. Gee
Kook, aged 13 years, he said, returned a
week ago. but the Federal officers refused
him landing. During the examination it
transptreJ that Louie Yin had sent a note
to Gee Fook on board of the vessel, warn
ing him to be cautious in answering the
questions of the inspectors. The note was
first offered to th» inspectors for delivery,
but as they refused to accept It Yin sur
reptltlcusly put it in a bun and then asked
them to har.d the cake to the boy. While
the bun was being eaten the inspectors
discovered the note and held Gee Foolc
for examination.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 4.-Even with
the aid of a note of Instructions contained
in an ordinary eatable bun Gee Fook. al
leged to bo a native of Portland, could
not secure a residence in the United
States. Gee Fook was a passenger on the
Oriental liner Indravelll and landing was
refused him by United States Immigrant
Inspector Barber on the ground that he
did not have a Chinese certificate. His
father. Louie Yin. for twenty-four years
a resident of this city, obtained a writ of
habeas corpus, and this morning the case
was tried before United States District
Judge Bellinger and was decided in favor
of the Government.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
GjLRSON, Xev., Sept. 4. — GoTernor
Sparks la as interview stated that the
t^ro- convicts captured at Reno, MlUer
-and Woods, not b« returned to
California, until the reward offered by th«
State of California •were paid, as he did
rot Intend that the officers making the
capture should be put to the trouble of
a 'lawsuit, and that generally follows
puch cases. Up to the present time there
J-.as been no settlement of the oast, and
the Reno ofiJcers who captured the out
. Jaws are still waiting for the reward.
' The Governor further stated that when
.the check came for the amount due the
requisition papers would be signed, and
rot before.
Conceals Instructions to a
Detained Mongal in a
Sweet Cake.
¦'Requisition Papers "Will Not
•' B© Signed Unless Money
.'• ' Is Forwarded.
Nevada to Hold Polsom
Escapes for the Re
wards
Portland Chinese Tries
to Outwit Customs
Officer.
Finds That Arsenic
Killed Bridge-
Builder.
DEMANDS CASH
FOR PRISONERS
INSPECTOR FINDS
NOTE IN THE BUN
CORONER'S JURY CHARGES MRS. MARTHA E. BOWERS WITH THE WILLFUL MURDER
OF HER HUSBAND AND HOLDS MRS. Z. C. SUTTON AS AN ACCESSORY TO CRIME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1903.
IBB H I E, the jury, find that Martin L. Bowers, aged 43, nativity Pennsylvania, occupation bridge-builder, residence 370 Clementina street, in the city and county of
I HI ~ an Francisco, came to his death in the German Hospital on the 25th day of August, 1903, from arsenical poisoning. That the arsenic which caused his
II H death was procured upon a forged prescription, written by his wife, Mrs. Martha E. Bowers, and that we hereby charge said Martha E. Bowers with the
If § crime of murder. We further find that Mrs. Z. C. Sutton, sister of said Martha E. Bowers, procured the poison upon the forged prescription written by her
sister, Mrs. Martha E. Bowers, but we do not feel justified frdm the evidence submitted to this jury in charging Mrs. Z. C. Sutton as a principal, but recommend
that said Mrs. Z. C. Sutton be compelled to stand trial as an accessory to the crime."— Verdict of the Coroner's jury. j
Formal Accusation Is
to Be Lodged
t n
To- Day.
3
THE CALL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close, on September 24,
. 1903, and all holders of Atlas
Crupcns are requested co pre-
sent them immediately, as this
great opportunity to secure one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's .premium rates will be
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24. " . -
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
...AN OLD...
MAGAZI5E
...A NEW...
MANAGEMENT
1 SEE THE
15 SEPTEMBER
C NUMBER
E OF THE
I Overland
jj Monthly
STRONG
DESCRIPTIVE
ARTICLES
INTERESTING '
SHORT
STORIES
READABLE
MATTER
WESTERN
IN FLAVOR
NOT AN EMIGRATION
, DOCUMENT
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
BREWSTER'S
MILLIONS
== YOUR=
DEALER'S
| TO-DAY
i wo sets of people : pcopit
v who like Schilling's Best anc
.people who like to be iium-
bugged.Creek to Investigate the strike
conditions there, to dispatch troops to
the gold camp. Orders were Issued by Ad
jutant General Bell to the First Regi
ment of Infantry, Company H of the Sec
ond Regiment of Infantry, the First
Squadron of Cavalry, consisting- of Troops
B, W and C, Battery A and the Signal
Corps and Medical Corps of the National
Guard to proceed to Cripple Creek foith
with. Brigadier General John Chase will
be in command of the force, which will
number about 1000 men. Troops .were
asked for by the Mine Owners* Associa
tion, but Sheriff Robertson of Teller
County said that he saw no necessity for
DENVER, Sept. 4.— Governor Pea
body decided at noon, after re
ceiving the report of the com
mittee which he sent to Cripple
LONDON. Eept. 4.— King Edward arrived in
London to-day on his return from Vienna.
Later it was announced that a group
of officers of the Xish garrison decided
to kill all the conspirators concerned In
the palace assassinations and that many
officers of other garrisons joined them.
li was intended to act at an early date,'
but the news leaked out and all the con
epirators were arrested during the night.
Forty-6even officers have been arrested
at Nlifh alone.
BELGRADE, Sept. 4.— A number of the
Nish and other garrisons In Servia have
been arrested in connection with the is-
Fuance 6f the proclamation -demanding
the trial by court-martial of the conspira
tors who were concerned In the assassina
tion of King Alexander, Queen _Draga
and their Ministry and threatening to re
sign their commissions if the demand
was refused.
Officers Arrested for
Planning to Kill
Regicides.
NISH GARRISON
PLOT REVEALED
West came to Sulsun two months ago
and worked In an orchard. The day after
quitting work he was arreBted and
charged with breaking into the Capitol
Hotel at Fairfleld. Notwithstanding: very
strong and direct evidence the Jury ac
quitted him after deliberating thlrty-alx
hours. The officers are said to have su r
flcient evidence to convict West of .the
stage hold-up. • wi
• SUISUN, Sept. ¦ 4.— Joseph West, who
was , recently acquitted In the Superior
Court on a charge of burglary, is now
suspected of having robbed the stage to
Bartlett Springs a few months ago. De
tective Thacker of the "Wells-Fargo Com
pany was here yesterday looking for
West, but he could not locate him. West
was last seen about 11 o'clock the pre
vious night. V-
Disappears From Suisun & Few
Hours Before the Arriral of
the Officers.
SUSPECTED STAGE ROBBER
ELUDES THE DETECTIVES
The first tunnel to drain tho mines of the
district to a marked extent was the Moffat,
driven Into Gold Hill. The amount of water
flowing from this tunnel reached as high as
3000 gallons per minute. The Standard tunnel
was driven about 200 feet lower, which com
pletely drained the Moffat tunnel. .The present
tunnel, driven in the common interest of all
the mines In that vicinity, is called the Crip
ple Creek drainage tunnel. The Bite for a sec
ond syndicate tunnel has not yet been selected.
Upon the success of this enterprise depends
the driving of a second drainage tunnel at a
lower level. Should this latter project be un
dertaken it will doubtless be well under way
before the reserves made available by the pres
ent tunnel are worked out. - > . .
Prior to the beginning of the tunnel an es
timate was made for tho Elkton Company of
the amount of coming: water in the Elkton and
other mines of tho vicinity, with a view to de
termining the advisability of continuing pump
ing operations, r Investigations were made
covering a period of several weeks, and these
showed that the quantity of water varied from
a minimum of 40.000.000 gallons to 170,000 0OO
gallons dally, and It was concluded that it
would be far cheaper to drive a long drainage
tunnel than to undertake to drain the area by
pumping to the depth the tunnel could reach.
With the exception of the small uncompleted
section which remained a few days ago. the
tunnel is in about B230 feet, which Includes
that portion of tUe^ El Paso workings on the
line of the tunnel. .A large amount of work
has been accomplished from the El Paso shaft,
and two other shafts were sunk on the tunnel
line to facilitate the work. If the tunnel b«
continued under the Raven and Globe hills. Its
length will exceed 12.000 feet, or about two
and a half miles, without counting lateral
branches.
The Mining and Scientific Press pub
lishes some general facts of Interest
about the, great tunnel to drain the Crip
ple Creek mines that throw new light on
the large enterprise and what Is hoped
from- It. The several companies operating
in the district subscribed $80,000 In total
for the work, which was equal to the es
timated cost. Work on the tunnel was
begun January 25 of the present. year.
The lever of the tunnel Is '-230 feet below
the Standard tunnel. The Press says:
The Pacific Coast Borax Company Is
building a road from Ivanpah, San Ber
nardino County, to Aeh Meadows to reach
the borax deposits owned by the company
near Death Valley.,
The Iron Mountain Copper Company
has decided to use oil Instead of wood as
fuel In operating its railroad, which ex
tends from the smelters to the top of Iron
Mountain. Four years ago the Mountain
Copper Company was consuming 20,000
cords of wood per annum. The use of
wood as fuel is now ended at Keswlck.
This change has been brought about by the
substitution of electrical power, furnished
by the Northern California Power Com
pany, for steam; by the use of oil Instead
of wood in the hot air blast and at the
power-houses, and the abandonment of
the open-air^ system of roasting ores,
which alone consumed several thousand
cords of wood every year.
A GBEAT BORE.
Considerable activity is displayed in the
mining district near the old town of
Shasta. The Small & Harwood dike prop
erty has been sold. This Is a sidehlll of
rock and contains two claims. Of pro
gress the Shasta Searchlight says:
At the Mount Shasta stamps are falling; on
the lower grade ore and the best is being
hauled over the hill for shipment. The Hart
man mine on the ridge back of the "French
Woman's" place Is shipping ore to Keswlck.
About ten men are employed.
The Mountain Lion, northwest of Shasta, is
going to be a second Mount Shasta. Develop
ment has revealed permanent ore bodies. The
group of six claims lies on a ridge northeast
of the Mount Shasta.
South Dakota parties who are interested in
the Mountain Lion mine have taken hold of
the Tellurium mine at Middle Creek.
tion he will pursue in the immediate future,
ST. PETERSBURG. Sept. 4.— Every
passenger train on the Manchurlan Rail
road Is now ' accompanied by a detach
ment of soldiery, - and the whole line' is
guarded by sentries.
Soldiers Guard Trains.
Besides giving trade competitors the
benefit of German knowledge, the pro
moters of the exclusion argue that the
overcrowding prevents Germans -from
pitting the best results from the Instruc
tion.- . .
BERLIN, Sept. 4.— Influential news
papers and magazines are urging the
Government to limit the number of for
eigners Instructed in the German tech
nical high schools, or, more properly,
technical universities, which are over
crowded. Out of a total of 14.626 students
2422 are foreigners. Nearly half of these
are Russians and there are a few Amer
icans.
German Newspapers TJrge Govern
ment to Limit Number of Foreign
ers Receiving Instruction.
OBJECT TO CROWDING
OF TECHNICAL SCHOOLS
PEKING, Sept 4.— The severe wounds
inflicted Upon two Americans yesterday
by French soldiers has created general
indignation against tho policy of the
German and French commanders in or
dering their soldiers to carry Bide arms
while off duty.
After the German-Austrian affray last
May all of the foreign commanders
agreed to prohibit tho carrying of side
arms while the men were outside of the
posts. This agreement, however, was
overruled by the German general, and
the soldiers of the Kaiser were again or
dered to wear their weapons, and their
example was followed by the French. All
of the other foreign soldiers travel about
unarmed.
The French and German privates while
drunk are a menace to everybody. Wit
nesses to the affair of yesterday declare
that the French were clearly the ag
gressors. The French commander treats
the matter lightly, but a strong request
for the punishment of the guilty parties
has been made by Captain Andre Brew
ster, military attache of the American
legation.
American Officer Wants
French Soldiers
Punished:
PEKING AFFRAY
EXCITES WRATH
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OF COLO
RADO AND OFFICER WHO
WILL COMMAND TROOPS.
PASO ROBLES, Sept. 4. — Fire broke, out to
day in tha general merchandise store of_ Georce
F. Dell la this city. The ' dry goods depart
ment was wrecked by flre and • water ' and the
damage will amount to $20,000.' | The building
waa .owned by P. Doyle and is damaged to the
amount At tlCHa.
San Diego Entertains the Editors.
SAN DIEGO, Sept 4.— A large number
of the members of the Southern Califor
nia Editorial Association are In this city
to attend the annual meeting. . They
were met at Occanslde by a committee
of the Chamber of Commerce and es
corted to Coronado, where they were en
tertained at lunch. A brief business meet-
Ing was held this evening, followed by a
concert and theater party. The editors
"will be entertained at a banquet to-mor
row evening given by the : Chamber of
Commerce. '
CRIPPLE CREEK, Sept 4.— The Board
of Commissioners of Teller County to-day
adopted resolutions denouncing the action
of Goveror Peabody In sending troops 1 to
the Cripple Creek district^ The resolu
tions declare that there la no need for
troops here and that their presence will
do more harm than good. The belief 13
expressed that the investigation made by
the Governor's commission was not made
in ?ood faith.
Sheriff Robertson this afternoon made
public a statement In which he protests
against the Governor's action, declaring
it a usurpation of authority and a vio-»
latlon of law. '
A part of the troops in charge of Ad
jutant General Bell left Denver over the
Denver and Rio Grande for Cripple Creek
at 4 o'clock. It -was the Intention to take
the Cripple Creek Short Line from Colo
rado Springs to Cripple Creek, but at
the former place General Bell was in
formed that about thirty strikers left
Cripple Creek soon after it was learned
that the troops were coming by the Short
LJne. They followed the line of that
road, and although they were ostensibly
on a fishing trip, It was feared that they
Intended to blow up the track or other
wise interfere with tho progress of the
troops, and the plans were changed and
the soldiers forwarded over the Midland
Terminal.
At • 10 o'clock Governor Peabody re
ceived a message from General Bell at
Colorado Springs, where he had been de
layed by a change in transportation plans,
saying that he was advised by Lieuten
ant Whann, commanding the Cripple
Creek militia company, that the condi
tions were becoming threatening and was
urged to hasten the movement of the
troops.
calling out the militia. No violence has
been reported at Cripple Creek since
Tuesday night, when one non-union car
penter and a justice were assaulted by
unknown persons.
President Charles . H. Moyer of the
Western Federation of Miners has ad
dressed a letter to Governor Peabody, In
which he declares that the conditions in
the Cripple Creek district are not such as
to warrant the calling out of troops. He
declares that such an act by the Gov
ernor at this time is a violation of the
law under which the executive Is empow
ered to call out troops.
President Moyer says that the members
of the federation in the Cripple Creek
district will help to maintain order.
Governor Peabody made the following
statement regarding his action In calling
out the troops:
I have tried to act with prudence. Tho gen
tlemen who went to Cripple Creek at my re
quest to investigate conditions advised ma
that the situation was such that troops ought
to be ordered out.
Sheriff Robertson has maintained the posi
tion that he took when the matter was first
suggested and he did not Join in tho request
for troops. I had hoped that the necessity for
calling out troops would be avoided and final
action was delayed as long as was consistent
with the proper protection of the lives and
property of the people of tho Cripple Creek
district, judging from reports of conditions
there.
The reports of the Governor's commis
sion was as follows:
Having visited Cripple Creek and Victor,
and after careful inquiry among representative
citizens and property owners, including the
Mayors of Cripple Creek and Victor, wo are
of the opinion that the lives of citizens of
the district are in Imminent danger and prop
erty and personal rights are in Jeopardy.
Prompt action is imperatively demanded by the
above people to protect tho lives and property
of the citizens. W» find that a reign of terror
exists in the district which should be relieved
at once. We do not believe that, the civil au
thorities are able to cope with jhe situation.
JOHN CHASE. Brigadier General
N. C. MILLER. Attorney General.
TOM McCLELLAN, . /
Assistant Attorney General.
What gave rise to belief In certain minds
that the crosscut was on the wrong track was
the decidedly broken formation encountered.
Three distinct faults were struck in the course
of the work, but the upraise followed them
steadily and the outcome shows for Itself.
To add to the great difficulty encountered, Mr.
Brockington had no reliable maps of the un
derground workings of , the old Houston Hill,
which had not been operated since the latter
sixties. This made it uncertain to estimate
distances, which in a measure accounts for the
time required In the work.
Yesterday the machine drill penetrated the
lower works of the Houston Hill at what Is es
timated as the 400 level, and a volume of wa
ter was encountered, which was not wholly un
expected. This Is quickly draining off and in a
few days Mr. Brockington hopes to be able
to enter the scene of the strike and ascertain
exactly what is in sight and what course of ac-
Tho Grass Valley Union tells a story of
pluck that is characteristic of California
miners. Three years and flve months ago
Charles Brocklngton, for the Orleans
Mining Company, started the long cross
cut that .has finally led; to the .Houston
HH1 works In the lower levels, long since
submerged. When the work was begun
it was supposed that it would be com
pleted in elx months. The formation
proved so hard . that the progress was
slow.. The. crosscut was started from un
der the Madison Hill ledge, and was re
garded by many miners as a foolish en
terprise. Brocklngton pegged away, how
ever, keeping his own counsel, and has
met with the object of his search.
CALIFORNIA PLUCK.
The population of Sierra County Is
estimated at 4500. " The mineral produc
tion in 1901 was $576,182. The area is about
1000 square miles, practically all of which
with the exception of Sierra Valley is
mountainous.
The main ridge of the Sierra Nevadas cresses
the eastern part of the county from south to
north. Several spurs from the main ridge trav
erse the county from east to west, forming the
watersheds of the four principal streams, which
fftrm the drainage system of the western part.
These streams consist of the Middle Yuba River
on the south, with Wolf Creek, Kanaka Creek
and Oregon Creek as tributaries; the North
-Yuba near the center,- with the North Fork,
South Fork. Middle Fork and East Branch ad-
Joining It near Downleville. and Canyon Creek
and Slate Creek on the north. Sierra County is
bounded on the south by the mining county of
Nevada, on the east by the State of Nevada,
on the north by the mining county of Plumas,
and on the west by the mining portion of Yuba
County. ;;¦-•*•
Nearly all of the ridges of this county
above an • elevation of 4500 feet are lava
tapped. - It is in .these ridges where -the drift
mines He. • Many of- 1 these ridges have never
been prospected. Unlimited wat«r power is
available at all points. The abundant rain and
snow fall furnishes an ample supply of water,
which the. precipitous nature of the country
renders available under any pressure desired,
with a reasonable length of ditch. Almost
the entire county is covered with the finest
pine, spruce, fir and sugar pine timber. While
gold Is the principal product of the mining
section of the county, there are many valu
able ' deposits of iron and copper. Lack of
transportation facilities has retarded the de
velopment of these mineral deposits.
Since 1849, when the county was first set
tled, the principal industry has been gold
mining, and many millions of dollars have
been taken from its river beds, gravel deposits
and quartz veins. The quartz belt crossing
the country U "twenty miles in width,' with a
trend to the northwest. This belt consists of
eeveral distinct zones, distinguishable by the
character of the ore and the nature of the
Vountry rock. The most notable of these
zones passes through the central portion of
the county, near Sierra City, and runs north
westerly through the Gold Lake region to and
beyond the famous Plumas-Eureka mine, Just
across the Plumas County line. The quartz
veins of , this zone are situated ' witWn and
alone each side of a belt of Quartz porphyry
about one mile . wide. These veins generally
have a northwest strike and a dip of about
fifty degrees to the northeast. Two miles east
of this zone is another, on the contact be
tween the slate* of the west and the granite
on the east. Most of this contact, however, is
covered with gravel deposits. A third zone
crosses the county in a northwesterly direc
tion, between Downlevllle and Sierra City.
This zone is ten miles in width and consists
of alternate bands of clay slates, quartzite and
porphpyry. The ledges occur within the slates
or between the slates and quartzite or slate
and porphyry. West of this zone is a band
of serpentine passing through Forest City,
Goodyear Bar and Poker Flat. Most of the
discoveries on this serpentine contact have
been made :by drift miners working under tho
lava-capped ridges, but many valuable discov
eries have been made in the neighborhood of
Alleghany, where Kanaka Creek has cut a
deep channel through the country, exposing
the contact.
Some new light is thrown on the min
eral resources of Sierra County by a bul
letin Just issued by the State Mining Bu
reau, together with a map which care
fully locates every mining claim in the
county and defines the means of access
to all parts of the county. This sums
up some of the leading facts concerning
Sierra as follows:
IN SIEBBA COUNTY.
A company beaded by Ed Mallows of Keo
wlck has been busy buying these rights and
making: preparations for the work of mining
by the drift process. It is the intention of
the company to commence operations some
distance from the town and easily work* their
way up excavating: the rich gravel as they
proceed. They are of the opinion that by the
time they reach the town they will be far
enough below the surface to remove all fear
of danger to the buildings. They expect to ba
handsomely compensated for their enterprise
and outlay.*
The town of Dutch Flat Is to be under
mined to get the gold that lies under It.
The enterprise Is based on the idea that
the rich gravel channels In that district
run under the. town- The channel had
proved to be rich when It was worked by
the hydraulic process. "When the hy
draullo mining Industry received so se
vere a set-back through the famous court
decision of a Federal tribunal Dutch Flat
suffered. Concerning the plans for tun
neling the Nevada County Miner says:
When the matter was first broached to the
property owners they demurred. They, sur
mised that the damage to the town would be
greater than the benefit to be derived from
such an enterprise. But when th«y were In
formed that the work could be done without
any Injury to the city they consented and will
ingly sold the mineral rights to their prop
erty. . .
Mineral Resources of County
of Sierra Described
in Detail.
Enterprise That Affects
-the Prospects of
Dutch Flat.
UNDERMINE TOWN
TO GATHER GOLD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1903.
Committee Appointed by Him
to. Investigate : the Strike ; Situation at Cripple* Greek
Leads ; Pea body to Ignore the Protests of Labor Leaders
GOVERNOR OF COLORADO DISPATCHES
THOUSAND SOLDIERS TO GOLD CAMP
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Life Caused Chronic
Headaches.
Stomach Trouble All
' Hie T if a
1HC3 L/llC.
Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills
Cured Him of Both.
As is verv frequently found the stomach
trouble and headache in the following case
•came from the same cause. Dr. Miles Anti-
Pain Pills, like all of Dr. Miles' Remedies,
are designed to cure the disease, not the
t jrrsptorr.s. This readily explains why these
6trri:r.£ medicines can cure such a variety of
diseases. There is no remedy, formula or
prescription which in any way equals Dr.
Miles' Anti-Paia Pills for the speedy cure
&nd relief of headache and kindred ailments.
"Up to the age of twenty -three xny son was
greatly troubled wilh severe pains in the
fctomach. After he had served his term of
enlistment with the army in the Philippines
he came home and was cn£t for anything
because of terrible headaches. He found
that Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills not only re-
lieved him of the headaches but would pre-
vent an attack if taken in time. He contin-
ued their use for some time and to his sur-
prise and delight he found they had cured
the stomach trouble also. You mav imagine
how grateful both he and mvself feel to. you
for the good the Anti-Pain Tills have done
him, I may add that I have used your med-
icines in our family for many years and keep
a bottle pi Nervine in the house all the time.
I think it an ideal household remedy and all
the remedies are just what you recommend
them to be. You have my permission to
publish this."— Mrs. M. L. Farrar, Walla
Walla, W#»h.
All druc2*£U sell and guarantee Dr. Miles*
-.Anti-Pain Puis. They are non-laxative; con-
tain bo opiates, never sold in bulk. 25 doses,
*«5 cents. Dr. Miles Medical Co., Elkhart,Ind.
SOUTHERN PACIFJP
(M»la Line. Foot uf Market Street )
7 00 a Bealcla. SuIilh, tlmtra and S»cr»-
mento J'23 1 "
7.00a Vac»Ytlle, Wlnt«r». RnraseY 7-2a*
7 JOa MMtlnei, S*a R»:non, \ «»e]a,
N»pa,CaltstoB»,SanURo"...... 6-25*
7.30a JJUes. Lirermore, Latbrop. stock-
•on • 7.Z5P
8 00a Davin. Wooilland. Knighta Landing.
MarrsrUle. OrovUle. (connects
at MarysTlllo for GrMley, BlgZ*
andCnlco) iS*" 4 ,VXr
8 00* Atlantic Expre»»-OBtl«-ninaEa»t. 10.25a
8 00a Port Co«a, Martinez. Antloch. By-
ron Tracy.Stockton.Sacrmnento.
Los Uanos. Men.lotm llanford.
Vl»al!a. Portrrvllle 4.23r
8.00a Port Costa. Martinez. Tracy. Lath-
c *^ rop. Modesto. Merced. Fresno.
Gosncn Junction, Hanfora. \ 1-
salla. JUkernaeM 525p
8.30a Ebaita Exprew-UavU l 1 1 , Ja _« l
(for Bartlett SprlDK*). billow*,
* trruto. l:*d Bluff. Portland 7.5a*
8 30* Sllej. San Jo»e. Llveriaore, Stock-
ton.!one,8»<-r«mento,Plnoer»lIl».
MarysTtlle. Chtco, lied Bluff..... 425p
8.30a OaStdale. Chinese, Jamestown. So-
nom. Tuolnmne ami Angela 4 Z5r
900a Martinez and Way Station* ,2 2? p
1000a Vallejo 1Z23P
10.00a El Paso Passenger. Eaatbooad.—
Port Conta, Martinez. Byron.
Tracy. Lainrop. Stockton,
Merced. Raymond. Fresno, llan-
ford. Vlsalla, Haker»fldd, Lo«
Angelea and El Paso. (West-
bound arrlTes »1» Coast Line)... «1.3o?
1000a The Orerlaad Limited— Ojdea.
Denrer. Omaha. Chicago 8 25p
1200k Harvard. Nile* and Way 8t»tlon». 3.25P
U.OOi* Sacramento Ulver Steamer* TII.CQp
330r Benlcla. "Winters. Bacramento. "
TVoodiand. Williams. Colusa.Wll-
lows, Kntfrhta Landing. Mary*-
Title, Orovlllr and way station*.. 10 55a
330? Hayward. Nile* and Way Station*.. /.Bar
4.C0F Martlnez.San Ramon. ValleJo.Napa,
Callstoga. Santa Ko»a * Zc> *
400r Martinez. Tracy.Lathrop.Stockton. 1025a
4. COp Klles. LlTermore. Stockton. Lodt.. 4.25p
4.30* Hayward. Xlles. Irvlngton, Saa I t8.55»
Jose. Lirermore .4 111. 55a
BOOT The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tnlarn,
BakeriQeld. Loa Angelca 85ja
6X0p Port Cost*. Tracy, Stockton, Loi
Banoa 1 ?2 5 '
15 30l> Hayward. NT.es and San Jos* 7.25a
6 00p Uayward. KUeaand £an Jom 10 25a
6-OOp Oriental Mall — Oftden. Denrer.
Omaha, St. Louis. Chicago and
East Port Costa, Benlcia. 8ui-
tun, Elmlra, Darts, Sacramento,
RockllB. Auburn, Colfax,
Tracker. Boca, Hano, 'WaUa-
worto, Wlnnemucea, Battle
Mountain. Elko 4 23r
6. . Reno, Tracltee, Sacramento. D»t!s,
Sulsun. Benicla. Port Costa 7-55a,
8.00* .Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... I •, __,
7C0f vallejo, Sunday only f
7.00* San Pablo, Port Costa, Martlaei
and Way Station* 1123a
805p Oregon A California Express— Sac-
ramento. MarysTtlle. Badding.
Portland. Puget Sound and East. 8-55 a
B.IOp Hayward. Ulles and Saa Jose (Sun-
dayonly) 1155*
11.25* Port Costa, Tracy, Lathrop. Mo-
desto, Merced. Raymond (to To-
•emlte), Fresno. Uanford, Yl-
salla, Ba.eraflrld 1228*
COAST LINE CUrra* Ua«««).
(Foot of Market Street.)
745a Santa Cruz Excursion (Sunday J"
only) MO*
8.15a Newark. CeaterTllie. 8aa Joae,
Feltos, Boalaer Creek, 8anta>
Cms and Way Stations 625*
t2>16* Newark, Centerrllle. Saa Jose,
Vvw Almaden.Los Gatos.Feitoa.
Bonider Creek, Santa Cms and
Principal VT a/ Stations 10-55*
. .4.18* Newark. Saa Jose, Loa Oatos and
way stations (on Saturday and
Sunday runs through to Santa
Crux; Monday only from Saats
Craz). Connects at Felton to
¦ and from Boulder Creek *3 55 m
.OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN KP.AN CISCO. Foot of Market St. (311pJ>
—fr.U 1:00 11:00 ix 1 CO 300 515 p.*.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t6:0O t3:09
t3:05 10:00 a.m. 12 00 2 00 4.00 *¦»¦
COAST LINE (UroaJ Ua»jre\
Or (third and Townsend Streets.)
¦ 8.10A*San Jose and Way Stations 830*
17.00a 8an Jose and "Way Station* 6-3S*
7.15a Monterey and 8aata> Cruz Excur-
sion (Soaday only) -.- 8-30*
800a New Almaden (Tues., Frtd., only), 4.10*
8 00a Coast Line Limited— Stops only San
•- Jose, Gllroy (connection for Hol-
lister), Pajsro. CastroTUle. S»-
< Unas. San Artlo. Paso Boblesi.
Santa Margarita. San Lois Oblspo.
Guadalupe. Surf (connection for
Lompoc), Santa Barbara, Sauiras
, . and Los Angeles. Connection at
CastroTtll* to and from Monterey
and Pacific Grove 1043*
1.00a 8an Jose. Tres PInos. Capttola,
San taCrux, Pacific Orore.SaJlnas.
8an Luis Oblspo and Principal
Intermediate Statlona flO*
10-30 a Can Jose and Way Stations..'. 1.Z0*
11 00a Cemetery Passenger— South San
Francisco, San Bruno 1.05*
11.30a Santa Clara. Saa Jose, Los Gates
and Wit Stations 5'XX
•1.J0* San Jose and Way Stations X .I?2 F
2.00* Ban Jose and Way Station* J9-40a
2.30? Cemet-ry Passenger— South saa __
Francisco, San Bruno 4-40*
t3.C0f Del Monte Kxpress— Santa C!«ra.
Baa Joso, Del Monte. Mjntfrry.
Pacific GroTe (connects »t >anta
Clara for Santa Cruz. Boulder
* i I J ' Creek and Narrow Uau*e Polnu) M2-15*
340* Pacific Grore and Way St »; lon »r
Kurllngamc.San Mateo.Bw.wood.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto 1U; .field.
Mounuia View. Lawrence. Santa,
Clara. San Jose. <«' :rur wI?ii!iH
ter TresPinos). Pajaro. watson-
Tllle. Capitola. Santa Crux. Ca»-
- trortlle, Salinas *2'»»
4-30* San Jose and Way Stations. ..... 83(U
6X0* San Jose, (tla Santa c:»r_ j Loa
fcatoa.Wrl*nt and Principal Way
Stations (except Sunday) 9.00a
I6.30* San Joie and Prtac!p.»l Way Stations f8.00A
t8.16* 6a_Mateo.Beresfonl.ne!raant : Saa
/ Carlos. i:edi»o«U. Fair Oaka.
/ Menlo Park. Palo Alto ™***
r 9 JO* Ban Jose and Way Stations ......... 6.36a
7X0* Sunset Limited. Eastbound.-San
Lull Oblspo. Santa Barbara, Los
Angles, bernlnc E» Paso, New
Orleans. Sew York. (Westbound
arrives «l*s»n.K.-ii>|Ul:iV alloy)... wS25a
8 00*PaloAlto and Way Stations 1015a
11.30* South San Francisco. MUlbrae.]
Burlinsame, San Matco, B«l-
mont, San Carlos, F.edwood, f fi .«_
Fair Oaks. Menlo Park. Palo I __•«_*
Alw. Mayfleld. Mountain View. »•«*
Sunnyrale. Lawrence. Santa
. Clara and San Jose..., ».J
A tor MurniDJ. P tor Afternoon.
X Saturday and Sunday only. ; Sunday only.
5 6tops at all stations on Sunday. • . •*
t Sunday excepted. o Saturday onlT. .
« \ la Coast Line. w Via San Joaquln Valley.
bReno train eastbound discontinued.
*3r~Only trains stopping at Valencia St. soutnVmnd
ar«S:U>A.x..t7:00A.i(..ll:0OA.)i.:2:£Opji.an<t«:30*.iL
MOUNT TAA1ALPAIS RAILWAY
L«v« «a SaojaUio Nrry . Arhv«
SoFrao. f»tt at Harkst tt. San Fran.
Week Sun- r Jg]tL Saa- 1 W«ek~
Pay*- <**?» /flfffifipffW d*?* Dava.
*43a «:OOa <g£«_2_a l*:OO*Jvn»I
l:45r »:OOa \S^*_2*/ 12:3» r 3:3Or
ft:ia*10:OOA TSSrW 3:3Op 5:50r
1 |:|JJ* >|f^' 4:3;i ' ~
I 3:35rj S:OQ» *•
Isftrriays »aty. isaTS ftwtm T 9;3OT,irrm8J. lli3O»
HOP i &ft Maukt St. (North Shore Railroad)
0IFSB I tad Sausalro Fuutr. Foot Mark* St.
.. BAJXWAY TBA VEL. w^^^ w .- - . .
Go East With Us
and Save Money
The difference in the cost of a first-class and a second-class ticket from Calif ornia to the .East is usnally
from $10 to $12. The holder of a first-class ticket may take a berth in a standard sleep mg car at a i cost
of $14 to Chicago or $13 to St. Louis, while the holder of a second-class ticket can get a similar berth,
comfortably holding two people, in a tourist sleeping car for only $6.
The difference might as well remain in your pocket, for you sacrifice nothing in comfort ««ravcn|«Qce.
The bed linen and blankets in the tourist car are just as good, the porters jost as attentive and obliging
-if not more so, and if you go our way you have the added convenience of being in the care oi a special |
tourist conductor, who does so much to make the trip interesting and entertaining.
"We take you through Salt Lake City, Colorado by daylight, and Denver, and one party each week is so
planned so that you can stop for a few hours in Salt Lake City and Denver so as to see the sights.
Cut out the coupon below and send it to Mr. Sanborn. He will tell you all about our personally con-
ducted tourist parties, send you a descriptive folder, and answer carefully any question about going east
» that you may ask.
¦ .______! I COUPON. CUT THIS OUT,
iPitmmnHm! W# D - SANBORN, General Agent Burlington Route,
iLJkiAuilrUiJUUH 631 Market Street, SAN FRANCISCO.
ifelPl^fSlll Please send me complete information about your personally
sPHUUjIwl conducted tourist-car parties to eastern cities.
I want to go to. . —
Tho greatest Exposition that the world has ever
seen, will be held at St. Lonis in 1904. Name : '
w> :<;;'*] Address . — .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
: THE . MAN WITH THE BIO HEAD— Go *wty I Git cmtl I'm Blck I I •want to dlel
. THE MAN WITH THE LEVEL HEAD-Ah, you old "lnnerl No rest for the wicked!
You will go on a bat while your wife's in the country^ will you? You ought to suf-
ferl But why didn't you do as I told you when I left you last night, and as I did
myself: take a CASCARET Candy Cathartic before going to bed? You'd feel good
illcel.do. .They..-wor]B. while you sleep, fix up your stomach and bowels, cool
your feverish liver, and waie you feel fine and dandy the taoraing after. 663
CALIFORNIA t
LIMITED TO CHICAGO. [I
leaf et Mandtyt md Thundiyi kt t-.M a.m. Q
Through Is S dsy* with Dions tad all trapping*. M
Our ether traias jo at 71
7:30am \ for Stockton, Fresno, . Q
1:30am V BakersfleM. Merced, j-3
8:00PM ) llanford. Vlsalla. |J
4:00pm for Stockton. H
I:Mpm for Kansas City and Cblearo. Eg
Office. 641 Market St.. and In Ferry H
Depot; 1112 Broadway. Oakland. H
Trains UaxtMirhtt Street Ferry. f |
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIF13
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Perry, root of Market St.
BAIT rBAITCISCO TO SAN BATAEX..
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:00. 11:00, a.m.;
12:35. 2:30. 3:40. 6:10, 8:50. 8:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:CO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
2:30, 3:40. 6:10. 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAN BATAHL TO SAW FBAHCZSCO.
WEEK DAYS^«:05. 6:50. 7:35. 7:30. 9:20.
11:15 a. : m.; 12:50. •2:00,-3:40, B:0O, 5:20.
6:25 p. in.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
.SUNDAYS— 6:50. t:35. 9:20. 11:15 a. m.: 1:45.
3:40, 4:50, 6:00. 5:20. 6:10. 6:25 p. m.
•Except Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect | Arrive
San Francisco. [ May 3. 1903. | San Francisco.
"Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. ) days. I tlon. . ( days. ( Days.
7:30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30a 8:00a 8:40a 8:40a
8:00 a 0:30 a Ignacio. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:C0p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
7:25 p
7:30 a 7:30 ~ 7:45 a 7:45 a
8:00 a 8:00 a . Tfovato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma. 6:20 p 0:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Row.
7:80 a 7:80 a 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Pulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p 7:25 p
Windsor,
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburg. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton,
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyaervlll* 7:25 p 7:25 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 a! 7:30 al Hopland. 110:20 * 1 10:20 a
2:30 p[ 2:30 p[ and Uklah. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
7:30a|7:30a| Wllllta. |7:25pl?:25p
8:00a[ 8:00a[ Camp Vacation. 110:20 a!10:20 a
2:30p|2:30p| Ouernevllle. |7:25p|6:2Op
8:00 al 8:00 a] Sonoma. I 8:40 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:10 p| Olen Ellen. | 6:00 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a! 7:30 al 110:20 al 10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Eebaatopol. [ 7:25 pj 6:20 p
< STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa Kosa for White Sulphur
Springs ; at Fulton for Altraiia and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
eerville for SkaRgs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the' Geysers. Boonevllle and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
KelaeyvHle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo.
Potter Valley. John Day*«. Riverside. Lierly's.
Bucknell's, Sanhediin Heights. HullviUe, Orr'a
Hot Springs. Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens. Hopkins, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg.
Westport, Usal: at Wllllts for Fort Bragg,
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. Layton-
ville. Cumrnings. Bell's Springs, Harris, Ol-
sen's. Dyer, Garbervllle, Pepperwood, Scotia
and Kureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITINO, R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
fgl^ra|TO SAN RAFAEL
|g^MiJ|SAN QUENTIN,
feS3BS^ MILL VALLEY '
JB^S^gCAZADERCETC.
jgg^^__[^^_^j via Sausalito Ferry
\VEEK DAYS — (Holidays excepted) — 6:45.
t*7:45, 8:45. 0:45. 11 a. m., 12:20. »1:45, 3:15.
4:15, 15:15. •0:15. 6:45, 9, 11:45 p. m.
7:45 a. m. train week days does not run to
Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS AND LEGAL HOLIDAYS— 7,
t8, t*». flO. 11. tll:3O a. m.. tl2:30 t # l:SO.
2:35. *3:50. 6. 6. 7:30. 9. 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
Those marked (t) to Fairfax, except 5:15 p. m.
Saturdays. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. rn. train/
runs to Fairfax.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week days— 6:25. t«S:25. 7:40. 8:15, J9:35.
11:05 a. m.. 12:30. 2:20, »3:45, 4:50, 5:30. 6:45.
.10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15, 7:35. $8:10. 9:40, 110:55.
Trains marked (J) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO BAN ' FRAvl
CISCO— Week days— 5:45. 6:40. 7:45. 8^25
j 9^11:10^ m.. 12:40. 2:45, 4:15. 5:10. liool
- SUNDAYS— 6:35, 7:55. 10. 11:10 a. m. 1205
U05. 2:40, 3:45. 4:55. 6:05. 7:10. 10 40 n ni-
THROUGH TRAINS. P "
7:45 a. m.. week days-Cazadero and way
stations.
; 5:15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays excepted)
Tomales and way stations.
stations 1 *' m '' Saturday »- CaM <*ero and way
de?o Un a d n & h a a n y d £SSL? 0lto » i - 8 * «£ Ca »-
Re S yrt y n 8 d a way I 1?a J «o H^" <laT^- 10 *" »- P ° lDt
TICKET OFFICE— «2B Market at.
FERRY-Foot of MarkeTst!
SI per Year.A comfort in the home and a necessity
for every one— the new. gas range. See it
at San Francisco Gas and. Electric Co. *
Pommery was .the only champagne
served at the banquet tendered last even
ing, at the Waldorf-Astoria to Sir Thom
as Upton by the American Pilgrims.
Selected on Its Merits.
Warden ' Tompklns, successor of Martin
Agulrre, as Warden of San Quentin, was
sworn in yesterday at the Supreme Court
chambers -by Deputy Clerk R. D. Duke.
Warden Toxnpkins Sworn In.
The quarterly meeting of the members
of the Mechanics' Institute will be held
to-night, when several amendments to the
constitution are to be submitted for con
sideration.
Mechanics' Institute Meeting.
The embarrassing situation a San Fran
cisco . society gir! found herself In at Santa
Clara is in the Looker On department, which
is rich In gossip of well known people.
Politics are given their share of attention
by the News . Letter, and its sharp, .incisive
comments on current events are very inter-
Fashlons are . not neglected this week, and
finance, Insurance, literature and the drama
are ably handled. The correspondence from
"Special Agent" is creating a great stir in
insurance circles. .*g$3Si3EgSg *
Its fight against the College of Physicians
and Surgeons goes' on relentlessly, and some
very unpalatable truths about Its methods are
told.
It has an extremely Interesting article from
an English paper, telling why the "Shamrock"
could not help winning.
Phil May the black and white artist, comes
in for over a column of delightful reminis
cences and anecdotes.
. Not only some, but many. Interesting things
each week is the rule of the San Francisco
News Letter. ( To-day's Issue is no exception
to the rule. ! .'--"
To-Day's S. F. News Letter.
Divorces were granted to Ruth G.
Tennent from Richard Tennent'for neg
lect: Daisy M. Beck from Albert IX.
Beck for cruelty, -and James F. "'Gib
bons from Sarah T. Gibbons for Intem
perance. Suits for divorce were filed
by Adelaide C. Shade against
TV. F. Shade for neglect, Ceclle
Thiele against Henry Thiele for neglect.
Carl Oscar Peterson against Ann Peter
son for Intemperance, Eva Scully against
James Scully for cruelty, Emma I. Wo'ol
rldge against Weston B. Woolrldge for
neglect. John I. Hunter against Annie J.
Hunter for. desertion and Agoston F.
I Haraszthy against Minnie Haraszthy
I for desertion.
Divorce Cases.
There will be similar arrangements as
to train service for the natives and their
friends who live on the other side of the
bay and desire to start from and return
to Alameda County cities.
Rincon Parlor will parade 100 strong In
this city and will make a good showing In
San Jose. It. will have headquarter* there
in the Young Men's Institute building and
will have Orinda' Parlor of the Native
Daughters of the Golden West as special
guests. ...
Stanford Parlor will. have headquarters
at the Vendome and will entertain in the
Each parlor will be provided with a
supply of fireworks to illuminate the
6treets along the line of march. The pro
cession will move at 8:15 o'clock and those
parlors not on hand to take assigned
places, says the grand marshal, will have
to bring up the rear or reach the depot
by the most expeditious route.
In order to accommodate those who will
go to San Jose the general committee has
made arrangements for transportation by
regular train at 5 o'clock on the afternoon
of Tuesday, a special train at 9 p. m. and
all regular morning trains, as well as a
special train at 8:10 a. mi. on the follow
ing day. Excursionists may return on
any .of the regular trains during the af
ternoon of the 9th and by a special at
midnight. For the benefit of the excur
sionists who return late there will be owl
cars operated on the line of the Mission
branch and the Third and Ellis street
line. * vi//v;-»- ; .
THE San Francisco, Alameda and
Marln County parlors will play a
prominent part in the celebration
of Admission day at San Jose next
Wednesday. On the ' evening of
the Sth-inst. the natives will parade on
the way to the Southern Pacific depot at
Third and Townsend streets for the pur
pose of taking train for the celebration
city. The line of march will be from Na
tive Sons' Hall on Mason street, down
that street to Marlet, to FourUi, to
Townsend and along Townsend to the
depot. J
The procession will be' made up of three
divisions, in addition to the advance and
a military escort. The advance will be
composed of Grand Marshal W. E.Foley
and the following aids:
Harry I. Mulcrevy, Eugene E. Schmiti, E.
O. Schulte, William Dahl, Drummond Mc-
Arron, Joseph Fagan, F. Salnsot. G. Nathan,
E. G Urizzolaro, F. J. Monahan, Charles
O'Callaghan. John M. Ratto, George A. Mor
gan. George M. Davis, August H. Brlckwoldt,
E. M. Elsrelder, A. F. Flanagan, W. H. Mor
gan, W. D. Burke, C. McCoy, J. Hammond,
George Schreat, S. Whitman, F. A. Hoppe,
T. A. Fox, Jt£cph O'Brien, F. McArdle, Frank
D. McArdle, V. J. O'Brien, Fred Glazier, Iver
Iveraon, T. A. Kerrigan, M. J. Sheehan. H.
H. Keene, Frank Brown, Thomas Pierce, J. F.
Fennel M. J. Sullivan, M. E. Morris. J. F.
Twomey. I\ E. Wallace. Joseph King, Franck
Mordacal, L. Nonnemann, H. It. Levenson.j
George Stutt, A. Bruener.
The escort will be a platoon of police,
who are Native Sons, and Company A,
Captain George Balllnger; Company G,
Captain • W. Wall, and Company I, Cap
tain Frank Moore, of the First Infantry,
National Guard of California. The divi
sions that are to follow will be made up of
drum, btfgle and fife corps, which will ac
company the several parlors In the order
named: California, Golden Gate, Mission,
San Francisco, El Dorado, Rincon, Stan
ford, Yerba Buena, Bay City, Nlantlc, Na
tional. Hesperian, Alcatraz, Alcalde, Se
quoia, Precltlf, Olympus, Marshall, Army
and Navy and Twin Peaks.
DISPIiAY OF FIREWORKS.
The Identification of Smith by Elmers
has encouraged Dlnan and Wren In their
work to get evidence against the two
ex-convicts. The detectives are work
ing steadiry*to find the rooms that were
occupied by Smith and O'Brien In the
hope of discovering some of the watches
stolen from John Bohmer, 300 Turk,
street, and his patrons; John Sere,
Seventh and Natoma streets, and his
patrons and from Elmers. ':''/_
Henry Elmers, the grocer at 1345 Sac
! ramento street, who was held up and
robbed in his store on Tuesday night by
j two footpads, after thinking over the
• matter has ccme to the conclusion that
! John Smith, ex-convict, who was ar-
I rested along with Dennis O'Brien, ex
' convict, on Wednesday afternoon by De
tectives Dlnan and Wren, was one of
I the robbers and is prepared to take oath
': to that effect.
! Elmers had a look at the two sus
: pects on Wednesday night, but although
j admitting that he thought Smith was
one of the robbers, his conscience would
j not allow him to swear positively to it.
! He called at police headquarters yester-,
! day morning and said he wanted to
! have another look at the suspects. They
were ranged alongside two other pris
| oners by Detective Cody and Elmers at
I once put his hand on Smith and said:
• "I will swear that was the man whose
j mask I pulled partly off. thinking: he
| was some one playing a joke on me."
; Pete Belotti, who was in Elmers* bar-.
1 room at the time of the hold-up, accom
panied Elmers, and when Smith replied
' to a. question put to him by Cody Belotti
• said, 'That Is the voice of- the footpad,
i all right. I was sitting in a chair and
; the smaller of the two men camemp to
: search me. when the taller one said to
j him to leave me alone and go for the
: Dutchman, meaning Elmers."
Elmers said he was satisfied that
' Smith was the footpad not only from the
j glance he got at his face when he partly
j pulled off the mask, but also from his
j voice, because .he had a conversation
j with him when begging him not to take
j his watch, as the portraits of his father
and mother were in it. Both Elmer3 and
Belotti are convinced that O'Brien was
the shorter of the two footpads, but
I they could not swear positively, as
! O'Brien never spoke and kept his face
concealed all the time.
AH the Alameda County parlors will
make a good showing In line, Piedmont
and Alameda parlors expecting to turn
out ISO and 75 respectively.
v Olympus Parlor, will entertain In grand
style. The distinctive banner of the par
lor will be carried In an automobile.
National Parlor expects to parade about
100 members and after the exercises will
have an enjoyable afternoon and 'evening
at the St. James.
The members of Mission Parlor will
turn out In striking uniforms and* after
the parade will entertain at: Eagles' Hall.
This parlor has engaged an orchestra to
furnish dance music until the last'train
Whistle toots. tt:^-^:i.v ; .
. FIELD MUSIC IN LINE.
California, the mother parlor, will par
ade with its drum and buglq corps of
forty-two pieces and after the parade will
give a reception and dance In its head
quarters in Curtis Hall.
Preclta Parlor has secured headquarters
•Qn San Fernando street, San Jose, where
there will be a jolly, goou time for all
guests of the parlor. It will display Its
beautiful banner and the flags won at the
class Initiation of 1902. During the after
noon the Celtic Parlor of the Mission will
give an exhibition of Irish dances.
Presidio Parlor, which has among its
members, E. E. Fisher, chairman of the
press committee, expects to parade at
least 200 men in. new suits of blue.
After the march Is over Alcatraz Par
lor will give a dance and serve refresh
ments In the library hall.
Marshall Paflor will have as escorts
during the parade the members of Gene
vleve Parlor of the Native Daughters.
The members of Marshall Parlor will be
attired as miners of the olden times.
Army and Navy Parlor will be escorted
by a bugle corps, composed or members
who served with the First California in
the Philippines. The parlor for the first
time will display in public its elegant
stand of colors presented to It on the
night of Its Institution. The members will
appear In new uniforms.
drop.
In the case that got Pryal Into trouble
the evidence will be that Woods went to
the restaurant of Peter Stepovich, 531
Taylor street, on the morning of Febru
ary 15 and demanded his money. Stepovich
objected to emptying the till, and Woods
attacked him with a blackjack. Woods
became alarmed at Stepovich's cries for
help and ran, hiding among some shrub
bery In front of a near-by residence,
where he was arrested.
style that In the past has made It fam
ous.
Charles L. Pryal, an electrician, had a
narrow escape from being sent to jail by
Judge Cook for contempt of court. He
was a witness in the case of Joseph V.
Woods,\ charged with robbery, which went
to trial yesterday morning. The Judge
had received a letter from Pryal reflect
ing upon the District Attorney for asking
so many continuances and Insisting upon
the case being speedily brought to trial.
When Pryal was called as a witness
the Judge asked him if ' he had written
the letter* and he admitted having done
so. The Judge remarked that he had
been guilty of contempt of court, and
Pryal promptly said he was ignorant of
that fact and expressed his regret. The
Judge admonished him to be more care
ful in future and allowed the matter to
Robbed Him.
He Positively Identifies
Smith as Thug Who
Electrician Writes Let
ter and Nearly Lands
in Jail.
GROCER ELMERS
NOW CONVINCED
TAKES UMBRAGE
AT LAW'S DELAY
James Brady, an employe of the San
Francisco Gas and Electric Company, is
bitterly opposed to the idea of paying
alUnony to Louisa J. Brady, who is su
ii:c- him for divorce on the ground of
cruelty." In an affidavit filed by him in
Judge Sloss' court. In which he makes
his objections known, he avers that he
is an abused husband and he blames his
troubles upon \Y. W. Allen Sr.. his wife's
attorney in her divorce proceedings. He
says that Allen induced his wife to
lciive him and so to Los Angeles; that
.'iftcr lse had spent 550 in locating her
and defraying the cost of her return to
her parents' home in San Luis Obispo
she again left. When she left him. says
Brady, she took away the savings of
their seven years of married life. Joseph
Pasco, a fellow employe of Brady,
made affidavit that he once saw Allen,
wiio roomed at the home of the Bradys,
with his arm around Mrs. Brady's waist
and with Ills head so close to hers that
he formed the conclusion that they had
been kissing each other.
Mrs. L. K. Moore's fondness for hav
ing her photographs taken in rtrange
garments, particularly tights. Is more
than G. & Moore, her husband, is will-
Ing to put up with. Judge Graham
heard his suit for divorce and granted
Mm his freedom. Moore said he was a
religious man and the actions of his
wife so affected him that he became sick
in mind and body and in danger of ner
vous prostration. He also said that
Mrs. Moore woutd smoke cigarettes
•just to be toughV and that she was
sl«o very extravagant. He said the only
satisfaction he got when he remonstra
ted with her was to be told "to come off
hi* perch." The Moores live at 708 Oc
t»via sti«ct.
OBJECTS TO ALIMONY.
Judge Hebbard also granted a decree
of divorce to Ada L. Pratt froni Charles
I.. Pratt, a well-known young man who
recently <ame into prominence because
« f his trial by the Civil Service Commis
sioners on a charge of loafing in the of
fice of Registrar Walsh, where he was
an employe. As a result of the trial he
»a? suspended for thirty days. Pratt
was shown to be a wife beater by the
testimony t of his wife and several of
>**r relatives. Sh« testified that in Au
pust. 11*02. just nine months after her
marriage to Pratt, he commenced abus
ing hor. He did not use violence until
February of this year, when they were
living- at llt>>> K11O street. Then./- she
said, he struck her. threw her down and
brutally choked her. causing her to be
«-ome bruised, sore and ill in mind. On
the night of July 20. she said, he again
struck her. accompanying his blows with
curses and file language. She was
«v.-arde& a decree. {25 a month alimony
and permission to resume her maiden
:i;>m»\ Foffle.
PBATT BEATS WIFE.
Journalist, furnished the only evidence
offered in the case with the exception of
that of her attorney. Greyer Jacobs. She
eaid she was married at San Rafael in
1R?5 and that in February. 1901. her
husband deserted h^r. throwing her
on the charity of relatives and friends
for the support of herself and her two
children. Her evidence was corrobora
ted by that of Jacobs and the court
promptly awarded her a decree.
The eharpe of abar.doninp his wife
¦;;rid two young children preferred in an
attion for divorce brought by Mary
•'iirolinc Johnston against "Jack Flaf
.fael" Johnston, the one time Tivoli
singer and idol of the matinee Kirls.
was effectually proved in Judge Hob
bards court yesterday. A decree of
divorce was awarded Mrs. Johnston. She
tv : as granted the custody of her two
children, a boy and a pirl, and the
court mad"? -°.n order directing the father
to contribute S50 a month for their sup
port.
Mrs. Johr.Fton. who is the daughter of
the late J. Ross Ja<-kson. clubman and
The depositions of Joseph J. White and
B. George White were read by the de
fense to prove that Mrs. Jennie White
had knowledge of the divorce proceed
ings. Joseph J. White testified he was a
brother of Jonathan L. White, and lived
with his mother, Mrs. Maria White, who
is now dead. He said he knew the plain
tiff by the name of Jennie White; that
he learned of the marriage from his
mother in the latter part of 1SS3.
SWEARS SHE READ SUMMONS.
He swears that Mrs. White read the
contents of the summons In the divorce
case to himself and his mother. "After
reading the papers," he testified, "she
said she expected Lloyd would ask for a
divorce, as she would never be contented
In San Francisco. She said her husband
was a seafaring man and was in the habit
of traveling. She told my mother In my
presence that she did not care if she was
divorced from Lloyd, that she had plenty
of money in bank in New York and had
made her living long before she met
Lloyd White."
In his deposition Benjamin George
White of Bath Beach; N. Y., testified that
In the winter of 1SS4 Mrs. Jennie White
told, him while out sleighriding with him
that she was no longer his sister-in-law,
as Lloyd had secured a divorce from her.
Richard H. Morrison was then called to
the stand, and his testimony surprised
the attroneys for the plaintiff. Judge
Aitken cross-examined Morrison at great
length, but was unable to shake his state
ments. When the hour of adjournment
arrived the witness was still being inter
rogated. The case will be taken up again
next Thursday morning.
George E. Goeller of 737 East One Hun
rded and Thirty-seventh street. New
York, testified before the Commissioner
that he was a clerk in the Marshal's of
fice. He said he was familiar with the
handwriting of Charles Koleman. the
man who is alleged to have served the
process on Mrs. White In the divorce pro
ceedings. He said the signature to the
affidavit was Koleman's.
George Scheer of 22 West One Hundred
and Thirty-sixth street. New York, testi
fied that he was a half-brother of the
late Charles Koleman. He said his broth
er died at the Manhattan Hospital, on
Wards Island, on October 18, 1S93. He
said he was thrown from a Third avenue
car and died from the effects of the fall.
He said he was familiar with Koleman's
handwriting and swore the signature to
the affidavit was his.
Judge Aitken introduced the register of
actions in order to get the record of the
divorce case in evidence, and then rested
his case. The defense opened its case by
attempting to introduce four depositions
taken before a Commissioner in New
York. Objection was made to their intro
duction, and quite a legal argument en
sued. Judge Troutt finally allowed them
to be read and the afternoon was de
voted to their reading and to heated
squabbles between the attorneys on both
sides.
DEPOSITIONS ARE BEAD.
When the case was called yesterday
morning Mrs. White was placed on the
stand to correct some testimony given
at a previous hearing. Miss Birdie Fen
nell was called to the witness stand and
told that she knew Mrs. Jennie Whlto
and hart met her when she was living
at the Russ House. This testimony was
to corroborate the statement of the plain
tiff that she had roomed at the hotel
during her visit to this city after the
year 18S4. The witness was not permitted
to narrate any declarations made to her
at the time by Mrs. White.
Morrison is one of the executors of the
estate. He lives in New York City, and
came to this city to give testimony. He
is related to the late Jonathan Lloyd
White by marriage, having married a
sister of the capitalist. According to the
testimony given by him on the witness
stand yesterday, he accompanied Mr.
White to a lawyer's office, where he met
Mrs. Jennie White. This was on April
26, 1S9.">. He said that he saw Mr. White
turn ovpr to his wife $1250 in bills and
she affixed her signature to . the receipt
which was drawn up by . an attorney.
The paper was offered in evidence and
shows that Mrs. White acknowledges the
receipt "of $1250 from Jonathan Lloyd
White? her divorced husband." Morrison
testified that after the paper had been
signed he affixed his signature to the pa
per, and had it acknowledged before a
notary public.
The signature to the document Is writ
ten in a shaky hand;, Mrs. White denies
ever singing such a paper. -She admits
having received $1200 from her husband
about the year named, but signed a small
piece of paper which was a receipt for
the amount.
The plaintiff will be placed on the wit
ness stand to deny the testimony given
by Morrison, who is the defendants' star
witness. She could hardly restrain her
self yesterday afternoon. After court ad
journed she told her attorneys that Mor
rison had sworn to an untruth and that
the document was a forgery.
CLAIMS HE SAW MONEY PAID.
The attorneys for the heirs and-execu
tors of the estate of the late Jonathan
Lloyd White sprung a surprise on the
plaintiff. Mrs. Jennie White, yesterday.
It was In the nature of a receipt alleged
to have been signed by Mrs. "White in
1S95, and Richard H. Morrison, who claims
he witnessed the signing and paying over
of the money, was In court to testify to
its genuineness.
In her effort to have a decree of divorce
set aside on the ground of fraud Mrs.
White has all along contended that she
did not know that a divorce had been
granted her husband until some years
after his death. If the divorce was se
cured by fraud Mrs. White is entitled
to half the estate left by Jonathan Lloyd
White. As the estate is valued at $100,000
both sides are making strenuous efforts
to secure a victory. ,
Hebbard Severs Ties Uniting
Her to Onca Popular
Tiv^li Favorite.
Plaintiff Alleges it Is a Forg
ery^ and Says Sne
Will Prove it.
4 Mrs. "Jack Raffael" John
ston Gets a Divorce
for Desertion.
Money Receipt Bearing
Mrs. White's Name
Put in Evidence.
On Evening Preceding Admission Day, Parlors of This City
Will Parade Through Streets on Way to Special Train,
* Their Route to Be Illuminated by the Bursting of Bombs
MATINEE IDOL
ABANDONS WIFE
LAWYERS SPRING
A BIG SURPRISE
NATIVE SONS AWAIT THE COMMAND
TO MARCH IN FORCE ON SAN JOSE
THE SAN' FBAKCJSCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 5. 1903.
NATIVE SON'S ACTIVELY IN
TERESTED IN THE ADMIS
SION DAY CELEBRATION.
5
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
BOSTON'S BAHBEB BEGTJXATIONS
Board of EeaJth Orders Sterilisation of
AH That Barbers Use on Castouers.
A «p#cial dispatch from Boston. May
I, 1900, to the N*. T. Sun gives new regu-
lations of the Boston Board of Health
rs to barber shops: "Mugs, shaving:
brushes and razors shall be sterilized
after each separate use thereof. A sep-
arate, clean towel shall be used for each
P'-rsoh. Material to stop the flow of
blood shall be used only in powered
form, and applied on a towel. Powder
puffs are prohibited." Wherever N'ew-
hro's "Herpieide" is used for face or
scalp after shaving or hair cutting,
there is no danger of Infection, as it is
antiseptic, and kills the dandruff germ,
fiold by leading druggists. Send 10c in
stamps for sample to The Herpieide Co.,
Ijetroit. Mich.
tCKCK&HCEA 153 CSrXlBT flSCEABGJl
SlMtKtt \ «3 V R3 Er 4 W9 «tsl
I ' CURE <S CCL'RS.
_;"^t "^ j %ft«'^»> *^ ~*^ "*¦> ~*«pi"^l> 0
7) visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
jHUSEUH OF ANATOtm
h Si " :: mzz; c:> *'•• ***'&• ZJ ¦—• i
*>' fcjr The Lar-eit Anatomical Muirum in tic \
j World. l*eak»este» or •«•>' detracted O
f!pZ ~pfr di>*»Nf t,y ihr oijeit T
#55^21 ; 'P e:J '""'° :heCMa tit. 36 j-ear». 0
0 iW*k CR * dORBAN-mSEASES OF MEN S
/Sm)1 Consilutjoa free tad *tri<-t!y printr. \
• A 0 'Kwl TrMtmem pmoni\ty or by letter. A g
V p Or T?| li J'ertttie l-jrr in erery tis* undertaker. T
A » J 10 v, r ., (l »n»k,rnii.o»orBT»fi
i' • I * BiaaMse. mailed j-bce. (aj
\ J i , valuable book (or im) A
Q DB. JOBDAK * CO.. K>51 Market St-.S. F. Y
B p*k Those Eufferas from weak-
• fi P"»* nesses which sap the pleasures
• W« B ¦ of life should taVc Juven PUls.
isj One bottle will tell a story of
m&rrelouR results. This medicine has more
• rejuvenating, ritaliiine force than has erer
been offerea. Sent by mail in plain package
. only on receipt of this a4>. and $L
. Made bv its orijinators C. L Hood Co.. pro-
prietors Hood'* Saraaparilla. LowelL M*»§,
„ '¦' - ¦ OCBA2? TBAVEL.
e Steamers leave San Fraa-
cisco as follows:
For Ketchlkan. JuneaU.
Haines. Skagway, etc..
Alaska — 11 a. m., Sept. 8.
13. IS.' 23. 2S. Oct. 3. Chang*
to company's steamers at Se-
attle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle Ta-
S¥°V« er ! tt « Whatcom— 11 a. m.. Sept. 8.
"•. 18 - ». 2S, Oct. 3. Chang:* at Seattle tc»
triis company's steamers for Alaska and G N.
Ry.; at Seattle for Tacoma to N. P. Ry.- at
Vancouver to C. P Ry ."'.- '
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona 1:00
?-,™- s «P l - 7 - 13 > 19. 25. Oct. 1: Corona.
1:30 p. m..- Sept. 4 10. 1« 22 2S Oct I
For Los Angeles (via Port Lo» "Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m
State of California, Thursdays 9am .
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port liarford
(San Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Sept. 6, 14 22 SO Oct 8
Bonita. 9 a. m.. Sept. 10 13. 26" Oct 4" "
For Enyenada. Magdalena" Bay San Jose' del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paa. Santa Ro-
calla. Guaymas (Hex.). 10 a. m. 7th of ea'h
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right la reserved to chaog* steamers or sail-
Ing dates.
TICKET OrriCES — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNAXN. General Passenger Agent.
- 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O. R. & TV. CO,
"Columbia" sails Sept. 10. 20. 30. Oct 10 2*
30. "George W. Elder" sails Sept. 5. 15.' 2.\
Oct. 5. 15. 25. Only steamship line to PORT-
LAND. OR., and short rail line trom Portland
to alt points East. Through tickets to alt
points, all rail or steamship and rail at LOW-
EST RATES. Steamer tickets Include berth
and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear «t at
11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH, Gen. Agt Pass. Dept..
1 Montgomery St.: C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Aft.
Fit. Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for TOKOH\M\
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Htogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers fcr India, etc. ¦ No
cargo received on beard on day of sailing
S. S. HONGKOXG MARU (caltlng at Ma- '
nlla) Saturday, September 19 1303.
s. s. xippon mart;
Thursday. October 15, 1903.
S. S. AMERICA MARU
Tuesday. November m 1903
Via Honolulu. Round trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage, apply at Com-
pany's office. 421. Market street, corner First
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
OceaDlcS.SXO.m^
p S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, Sept. 5. M a,n»
S. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday. Sept. 17, 2 p. m.
S S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti, Sept. 20. 11 a. m.
iJ.$fKCltlItK3J.K^Ijtj..mil3fa»,SI3IartJta
M*ttffla.S23 BartstJUPkrh. 7.Ptafe 1l
atare Island aafl Vallajo Jteamtra.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:15 a. m.. H:3O p. m. Leave Vallejo.
7 a. m.. 12:3O neon. 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare. SO cents. Tel
Main 1503. Pier 2. Mlssion-st. dock. HATCH
BROS. - J^
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
¦".-¦¦--- AT>TrpTtT r Tgir.TwyMTp^ i • ,.
or their mothers, \jl \( \ I
Pinkham for advice ; all 'such letters are
strictly confidential ; she has guided in a
motherly way hundreds of young women ;
and her advice is freely and cheerfully given.
School days are danger days for American girls.
Often physical collapse follows, and it takes years to recover th*
lost vitality. Sometimes it is never recovered.
Perhaps they are not over-careful about keeping their feet drr;
through carelessness in this respect the monthly sickness is usually
rendered very severe.
Then begin ailments which should be removed at once, or they will
produce constant suffering. Headache, faintness, slight vertigo, pains
m the back and loins, irregularity, loss of sleep and appetite, a tendency
to avoid the sociaty of others, are symptoms all indicating that woman's
arch-eneiay is at hand.
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound has helped many a
young girl over this critical period. "With it they have gone through
their trials with courage and safety. With its proper use the young
girl is safe from the peculiar dangers of school years and prepared for
hearty womanhood.
A Young Chicago Girl "Studied Too Hard."
"Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — I wish to thank you for the help and ben«
efit I have received through the use of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound and Liver Pills. When I was about seventeen
years 'old I suddenly seemed to lose my usual good
't^^^^^^^^^^K nea * tn anf l vitality. Father said I studied too
f^»^^^^^^^^^^^k_^ hard, but the doctor thought different and
prescribed tonics, which I took by the
Hi^^^^^^^^^^^M^ quart without relief. Keading one day in
wi^^^^^^^^^^ the paper of 31rs. Pinkham's great cures,
•ql and finding the symptoms described an-
) S:^^^^^^M^^Mx STVere^ m i n^ I decided I would give Lydia
/ p i n kl»am*s Vegetable Compound t»
f L_. a^- I did not say a word to the doctor ;
lQ$i b° n ohk it myself, and took it according
ts&llL to di rect i° ns "regularly for two months,
and I found that I gradually improved,
0*1^ an^ that all pains left me, and I was my
: X^f'yr ry// / old self once more. — Lillie E. Si:n*c:lalr,
/ 17 E. 22d St., Chicago I1L"
" Miss Pratt Unable to Attend School."
"Deak Mrs. Pinkiiam: — I feel it my duty to tell all young -women
how much Lydia E. Pinkham's wonderful Vegetable Compound has
done for roe. I was completely run down, unable to attend school, and
did not care for any kind of society, but now I feel like a new person,
and have gained seven pounds of flesh in three months.
" I recommend it to all young women who suffer from female weak-
ness."— Miss Alma Pratt, Holly, Mich.
Lydin E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound is the one sure rem-
edy to be relied upon at this important period in a young girl's life.
$ r 0 fi ft FORFElTMwe cannot forthwith produce the origin nl letters and signature* ot
\*lii3l ! a'.uva testimonials, which will prove their absolute Renuir.ene»3.
gUUUU Lydia K. Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn. Xa««.
v . ADVEBTISEMENTS.
f c "7-
It's a Good Rule
To follow that leads you to send your
linen here.
Unnecessary wear is out of our
line,^but immaculate cleanliness, su-
perb finish and collars and cuffs
without rough edges are the points
in our work that maintain the golden
rule intact.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
OmCE 1C04KABZET STBEET,
Near Powell. ¦
OCEAN TRAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
new tork— Southampton— London.
St. Louis. Sept. 9, 10 ami Phlla. Sept. 23. 10 am
New Tork.Sep.16.10 am|St Louis.Sept.30.10am
ATLANTIC TBAHSPOBT HCTE.
New York — London Direct.
Mesaba..Sept. 12. 9 amlMinne'pls.Sept. 26.9am
Mln't'nka.Sept. 19.4 pmlMln'haha.. Oct 3 3pm
Only First Class Passengers Carried.
DOMINION LISS.
Boston — Queen stown — Liverpool.
Mayflower Sept. 10[Mayflower Oct. 8
Commonwealth:Sept. 24 Columbus(new).Oct. 15
New England... Oct. l)-ommonwealth..Oct 22
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Kensington Sept. 12(Southwark Oct. 3
Canada -• Sept. m 261 Dominion Oct. 10
Boston Mediterranean Direct
AZORES— GIBRALTAR— NAPLES— GENOA.
Vancouver Sat.. OcL 10. Nov. 21
Cambroman....Sat., Sept. 19. Oct. 31, Dec. 12
RED SVAB LINE!
Hew York — Antwerp — Paris.
Flnland.Sept. 12. 10 amlKronlnd.Sept. 26.10 am
Vaderld.Sept. 10. 10 amlZealand...Oct. 3. 1O am
WHITE STAB LINE.
Sew York — Qneenttowa — Liverpool.
"* Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Armenian. Sept. 8. 7 am Majestic. Sept. IB, noon
Germanic. Sept. 9. noon Celtic.Sept. IS. 3 pm
Cedric . . Sept. 11. 8 am Oceanic. Sept. 23. 7 am
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent, Pacific Coast,
21 Post st.. Ban Francisco.
COMPAQNIE GENERATE TRAN8ATLAWTIQUS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS, jtaj.
S-ullnfC every Thursday, instead of <«tuf§i
Saturday, at 10 a. m.; from Pier 42, *-^3mOaf
North Klver. foot of Morton st."
First-class to Havre. $70 and -upward. Sec-
ond-clasa to ¦ Havre. »45 and • upward. GEX-
BRAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, . 32 Broadway (Hudson Building),
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coajt
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents. 'A coterie of daring and speculative American cap
italists has purchased Mount Popocatapctl and will
" build a summer resort on the summit of the giant
.volcano. We will probably have cause some day,
«hcn the sleeping volcano awakes, to thank the spec
tators for adding a new horror to the grim record
of the world's tragedies. Americans, however, must
have excitement even if it involves a compact with
SECRETARY SHAW has confirmed the report
given out from Washington some time ago
t!:at he has accumulated in the treasury the
.mii:i of $40,000,000 as a surplus of which he can avail
iftimsdf to meet any stringency which may occur in
the money market during the crop moving season.
The fact that he has such an accumulation adds in
terest to his statement at the Merchants' and Travel
ers' banquet in Chicago on Wednesday that one of
the most urgent needs of the country is the enact
ment of legislation which will give to our currency
the element of elasticity a'nd thus put an end to the
.necessity of using public money for the relief of
private banking.
The object of the accumulation is the avoidance of
t;ny such stringency of money as occurred last year,
when the Secretary was forced to go several times to
the relief of the money market for the purpose of
preventing a situation that might have caused a
.panic. He was severely criticized for his action at
the time and it appears that this year he resolved to
try a new means of meeting any emergency that
might arise, and accordingly set about storing up a
.surplus of public money which would be available
.lor deposit in banks whenever he chose.
Under the laws all receipts from customs duties
must be deposited in the treasury arid can be paid
.out only for appropriations made by Congress or for
current expenses of the Government. Receipts from
internal revenue are, however, available for all pur
poses for which the Secretary of the Treasury draws
"warrants. Last year the Secretary had the internal
revenue receipts deposited in national banks where
"they were available for general circulation. It is
said the effect, while beneficial to the extent that it
kept that much monej* in the channels of trade in
stead of locking it up in the treasury, was not wholly
Satisfactory; and it is for that reason the Secretary
.has this year stored up the receipts instead of de
positing them. With the sum now at command the
Secretary can effectually prevent the occurrence of
anything like a stringency at any time.
: A. statement of the situation given out at the time
of the first report of the accumulation of the surplus
-presented the plan in this way: "The available cash
; balance o? the treasury is in round numbers $230,
.000.000. of which $144,000,000 is deposited in the banks
.•to the credit of the Treasurer, and some $10,000,000
consists of silver bullion and small coin, leaving $76,
,000.000 which may actually be used. As the average
"working balance supposed to be convenient for the
•treasury is $50,000,000, it will be seen that the
.$40,000,000 'relief fund would probably be used, if at
aH, only for a short time and in a manner to leave
it at the immediate disposal of the Secretary. Still,
with the present overflowing condition of the treas
ury,; he could undoubtedly carry out any plan that
he might consider requisite for the prevention of
acute disturbance."
' We may therefore assume that the situation for
•this year is saved. It is quite certain, however, that
.the new plan will be subject to as much criticism
as was that adopted last year, nor will the criticism
;be necessarily unfounded. The Secretary has done
..what is perhaps best under the circumstances, but
the circumstances are bad. It is not fitting that the
national treasury should be a part of the banking
• >ystem of the country. Having $40,000,000 available
tor deposit it is certain that the Secretary will be
"importuned by many banks for a portion at least
•of the fund; and while there will be no cause for
"scandal on this any more than on former occasions
of making deposits of public money in various banks,
still the system is bad. Secretary Shaw himself rec
ognizes the evil and has repeatedly declared him
' self in favor of a reform.
Reports from the East are somewhat discouraging
for the advocates of the desired legislation, for it is
;said there is a strong opposition on the part of many
Congressmen to undertake any kind of currency legis
lation this winter. Perhaps the situation as revealed
•by the Secretary of the Treasury may change their
minds. At any rate it will confirm business men in
thrir conviction that an clastic currency is badly
needed and should be provided at once.
THE CURRENCY QUESTION
A Chinese reform editor, doomed to deat\ wrote
recently. his own, valedictory in alleged verse. This
is one of the cases where our sympathetic humanity
must rise superior to a great repugnance of our sense
of the fitness of things. While we strive to forget
his poetry let us think sorrowfully of the poor fellow
in his hour of deat'"
They seem born to the strenuous life in Ar
kansas. Their words breathe it and their actions
fulfill it. The Governor and a Supreme Justice of
the State spoke from the same platform the other
day. They disagreed and the Justice promptly
knocked the Governor off the speaker's stand.
There is nothing like a sound argument soundly
applied.
MR. BRYAN is a peculiar person. His preten
•ions excite merriment, but they are asserted
oy him with such a solemn air that they also
inspire awe. During the campaign of 1896 he was
known to have said that he was divinely chosen to
lead the people and to deliver them from the jaws
or paws of the enemy. ' J
No other party leader ever assumed such authority
as he exercises as a matter of course and of right.
He passes on the qualifications of all applicants men
tioned for the Presidential nomination and so far
nearly all have been added to the increasing proces
sion of goats, while the sheep that receive his chrism
are so few that they must be lonesome.
Since the Ohio convention he has been busy. Iowa
deserted him, but the Buckeye turned toward him so
ienially as to make him forget the stern repudia-
BRYAN REX
In the preliminary preparations which have been
made for the sessions of the arbitration congress
which has been called for the adjustment of Venezu
elan difficulties the press has been excluded. The ar
bitrators are evidently willing to tread, on that dan
gerous ground which covers thinly a quagmire of
misinformation and misrepresentation. An honest
press should be excluded from an observation of no
honest proceeding that affects public or national in
terests.
A gang of thieves, deliberately and formidably or
ganized to send genuine works. of art abroad, has
been discovered in Florence and the police believe
they have destroyed the traffic and have captured
the operators. What a pity it is that J. Pierpont
Morgan did not stumble upon the outfit before he
purchased his bogus treasures. Fate is frequently
unkind to the artistic.
Special information .supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Aliens). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Mala 104-
Townsend's California glace fruits and
randies 50c a pound, in artistic fire
efched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bid*. •
A reviewer in describing the changes by which the
tonnage of competing yachts has diminished while
the sail area has been enormously increased, says:
"These staggering changes have become possible by
the adoption of the fin keel. The displacement of the
Columbia, for instance, is 145 tons, and ninety tons
of this weight is in the lead bulb carried twenty feet
under her water line. Ninety tons is practically the
weight of the average locomotive and its tender.
Imagine a boat but ninety feet long and twenty-four
feet beam carrying a 90-ton locomotive suspended
twenty feet below her underbody and the enormous
stability of the racing machine is explained. But a
boat of 145 tons, whereof ninety tons are in her keel,
has not much capacity left over for carrying her
crew and their creature comforts; she is a yacht by
courtesy only, and not a vessel that can cruise or
make a voyage." '
The limit of the racing machine has not yet been
reached and if the competition in that direction go
further we shall doubtless see something still more
wonderful in the way of a racing craft fitted for light
winds, but useless for anything else. Still it now
seems evident that a majority of yachtsmen, at any
rate, have no desire to see further successes in that
line. The demand for a genuine yacht race for the
cup is becoming formidable and may be strong
enough to bring about some change in the terms
when the next challenger comes forward.
SIR THOMAS LIPTON declared before the
late series of races began that if he won the
America's cup he would fix the terms of compe
tition in such a manner that the contests would be
made by genuine yachts and not by racing machines.
In developing his views he said: "Racisg machines
are dangerous and useless. If Shamrock III loses
I shall have to throw her upon a scrap heap. If she
wins never will her type of boat race again for the
America's cup unless the cup again should leave its
native shores for the United States."
The implication in that statement that Americans
are rrio're devoted to racing machines than to genu
ine yachts is hardly fair. Since first the public be
gan to get warmed up to an interest in the rivalry
between Shamrock III and the Reliance the press
of the East, which certainly fairly reflects the senti
ment of the 'people, has been well nigh unanimous
in deprecating the racing. machine and calling for a
revival of racing between genuinely good yachts.
Long before Lipton made any public utterance on
the subject some of the leading papers of New
York, Boston and Philadelphia had earnestly urged
the adoption of a new set of regulations governing
future contests so that hereafter the emulation and
rivalry for the cup would tend to improve yachts
instead of wasting energy in the construction of a
machine fit for nothing but racing in light winds,
i] The only dissenting voice that has been heard is
that of a contemporary that argues in defense of the
racing machine that it serves the same purpose as
a light sulky made for trotting races. "The man
who drives Lou Dillon to a two-minute mile," says
this authority, "does not feel that the sport of trot
ting demands that he should drive her to a vehicle
that can be used as an express wagon between heats."
The argument is ingenious, but there is no analogy
between the two things. The trotting race is main
tained not to improve sulkies, but to improve horses.
If there were devised^ style of racing that did not
improve the breed of horses and thus increase the
efficiency of that animal both for work and for pleas
ure, it is safe to say the public would not long,sanc
tion it. The object of yacht racing should b'e the
improvement of yachts, and since the construction of
the machine type does not act as an incentive to any
genuine yacht improvement, the present outburst of
condemnation of that kind of racing is quite jus
tifiable. '
YACHTS OR RACING MACHINES
S\N DIEGO. Sept. 4.-Glfford Pinchot.
chief of the United States Bureau of For
estry has returned to Los Angeles after
making an inspection of the work being
done in the big park here. He will en
deavor to have two field assistants come
here to survey the park with the inten
tion of having trees planted therein by
the Government.
Inspects Big Park at San Diego.
BAKERSFIELD, Sept. 4.— The County
Board of Education late this afternoon
rejected the claim of Leroy Bliss Peck
ham, former principal of the High School,
for $750 salary and some small extras.
Peckham was dismissed last January as
the result of trouble in the school just
before the Christmas holidays. Ha
claims a contract for the entire year.
NEVADA CITY, Sept. 4.-Large hold
ings of the Omega Mining Company, sit
uated at Omega, some twenty miles above
this city, have passed into the hands of a
wealthy Chicago company, represented by
Joseph Underwood, who is promoting the
deal. The Omega property is owned
principally by N. C. Tully, who has been
at the head of the company for many
years. It consists of some 300 acres of
choice gravel ground, ditches, flumes and
water rights. The consideration has not
been made public, but it will total up Into
the thousands. It is the purpose of the
new company to thoroughly equip the
Omega mine for drifting and it will be
worked on a large scale. Years past the
mine was worked by the hydraulic pro
cess and yielded handsomely.
» » ¦
Rejects Claim of Principal Peckham.
Chicago Company Buys Omega Mine.
An Oakland trial has resurrected that most con
temptible, despicable tool of society, the private de
tective with listening ear glued to a keyhole. Every
body but the creature himself saw, as he told his
nasty story in court, that he was the unclean scaven
ger against whom rise in decent minds indignation
and repulsion.
SPOKANE. Wash.. Sept. 4.-Georg"
Herrlck was killed and Emile Larson.
Otto Buhler and Carl Wtlliams of Spo
kane were seriously Injured to-day by the
collapse of a scaffold on one of the biff
wheat bins belnp constructed for the
Centennial Mill Company of this city.
The men were working fifty feet from
the ground when the accident occurred.
Herrick's legs and arms and neck were
broken.
Killed by Collapse of a Scaffold.
The production of the play was under
the joint direction of Mrs. A. S. Bacon,
Miss Esther Macomber and Mrs. C. H.
Geldert.
The Sioux tribe, had charge of. the en
tertainment this evening*. An entertain
ing production of "Hiawatha" was pre
sented. Mrs. W. I* Woodrow and Mrs.
Mitchell Phillip^ managed the affair. The
costumes worn were genuine Indian cere
monial robes and were loaned the ladles
by Mr. Kfilsey, ah ex-Indian agent. Harry
Nichols took the part of the arrowmaker;
Dr. Albert Smith, Hiawatha; Miss Belle
Longdon,.MInnehaha; Mrs. H. D. Math
ews, Nlkomas: Miss Ruby Brooks, Seer;
Miss Jessie Wiley, Samine; Mrs. Dr. Tru
man, ghost.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 4.— The Indian pow
wow of the Women's Club is proving a
big success. The 200 aborigines from the
ranks of society have captured the city
and a dearth of small change is threat
ened in the business houses. Nothing is
lacking In the Indian village to catch the
coin and when the powwow Is over the
ladies will ..have a good sized fund with
which to start work on their proposed
clubhouse. The committee in charge is
thinking of continuing the powwow over
Admission dayy \
A band of genuine Piute Indians arrived
to-day and attached ftself to the village.
The Indians come direct from the Sierra
Nevadas.
Aborigines From the Banks of San
Jose Society Have Cap
tured the City.
GABDEN CITY POWWOW
IS PROVING A SUCCESS
Water Company Acquires More Land.
NEVADA. Sept. 4.-The Pioneer pulp
PomDany and Towle & Bros. Company
ha" sold to the South Yuba Water Com
pany all their lakes, water right, an,
canals In Placer County. The addition O f
Sis property to the South Yuba Com
pany's holdings gives it an ncreas^
suDDly of water for use on its electric
p?ant3 in Placer County. It ta stated thai
Sfonal works will soon be < »»"«£>
to increase the capacity of these plant*
The South Yuba Water Company Is OW
of the largest water companies In tne
State.
The cows in the neighborhood of the
Latour Butte Mill, in the Whltmore
country, have now developed a taste for
blasting powder that is causing, alarm
to their owners. Large quantities of a
powder that is used for blasting out
stumps has been stored around . under
sawdust in the vicinity of the mill. The
neighborhood cows have discovered the
explosive and are now having a feast
on the stuff. They gather in >arge num
bers and lick the powder up with ap
parently "more relish than they would
a mash of wet bran.
REDDIXG, Sept. 4. — Shasta County
cows seem partial to explosives as an
article of diet, and they are not particu
lar as to the kind of ammunition they
eat. Common gunpowder is relished just
as much as dynamite sticks. Last year
one of Bob Radcliff's cows at Baird
topped off an 'evening meal by swallow
ing a couple of sticks of giant powder.
The cow strolled around calmly and se
renely for a couple of days thereafter,
causing the people in her neighborhood
a great amount of anxiety. In fact the
residents near Baird fled whenever the
cow put In an appearance. A few days
later there was a terrific explosion in
Radcliff's pasture and pieces of dead
cow, were found scattered in every di
rection.
/ REDDING. Sept. 4.— A terrific fire is
racing through the forests at Whltmore
and Is' leaving a broad stretch of many
acres in its wake a charred and ruined
waste. The origin of tne flre is not
known, but it is supposed to have been
started from one of the many camp fires
that are used at night in the ymber.
Wednesday afternoon the flre swept into
the timber near the Twin V'aliey School
house and the large force of men em
ployed on the construction of the power
plant and those in the hop fields were
called out to battle with the flames. All
the books and furniture were moved from
the building and taken to a place of
safety. The fire has destroved many
thousands of dollars* worth. of timber and
unless its onward sweep is checked by
the wind changing or successful back
firing the loss will be very great.
PETALUMA. Sept. 4.-F. W. Johnstone.
proprietor of the Diamond D creamery of
this city, recently left his business with
out any word of explanation. A Inter
was received here today from hi 3 W |f e in
Onslow Iowa, asking his wherpabouta.
The writer states that she sent her hus
band a message tellinp him of the illness
of their little daughter and received qq
reply. Though his affairs here v^re left
in a tangled state he conducted himself
well and his friends fear that ho Is ill or
injured. His creamary plant has been at
tached by Baker & Hamilton, the D«
LaVal Company and other creditors.
So, an analysis of the platform nullifies the motto
of the party at every turn and our labor union friends
show how human they are by proposing that they
shall have a monopoly of rights and that the privi
leges claimed for themselves, but denied to all others,
shall not be called "special."
pelled to pay for a convenience they cannot use, by
making the bonds a debt of the whole city instead
of the plant it creates. ,
Passing to another question, the platform demands
municipal ownership and administration of all pub
lic utilities and means of communication and espe
cially of a complete telephone system. The acqui
sition of the Geary street railroad is especially de
manded without regard to the equal rights of the
taxpayers remote from the line who will be com-
MAYOR SCHMITZ has been renominated
unanimously and enthusiastically by his party,
and is before the people again for re-election
to the office to which he was elected by a plurality in-
November two years ago.
The exclusive class of labor called union labor
is now fairly embarked in politics and locally has
crystallized into a political party, to be discussed, ex
amined, attacked, perhaps misrepresented and surely
criticized the same as any other political party. We
take occasion to commend the leaders of this new
party for its organization. It brings all the purposes
and practices of union labor into a position for ex
amination and comparison, and sends them to judg
ment on their merits.
The Mayor's platform is lengthy and is specific'in
parts and general in parts, as suits the purpose of
those who drew it and after the fashion of political
declarations. It declares the motto of the party to
be *'Equal rights for all and special privileges to
none." Does this party mean this? It is a principle
of our equal laws that the property which a man
has in his own labor, as it is the original founda
tion of all other property, is the most sacred and
inviolable. The property of a laboring man lies in
the strength and dexterity of his own hands. To
hinder him from employing this strength and dex
terity in what lawful manner he thinks proper is a
plain violation of this most sacred property, being
an encroachment upon the liberty of both the i work
man and of those disposed to employ him. It hin
ders the one from working at what he thinks proper
and the others from employing whom they think
proper. It is among the first principles and foun
dation of the common law that civil liberty, the great
end of all human society and government,, is that
state in which each individual has the power to pursue
his own happiness according to his own views of his
interests and the dictates of his conscience, unre
strained except by equal, just and impartial laws.
Does the Mayor's platform conform to tliese prin
ciples? Does his party concede to non-union labor
the rights claimed by its members for themselves?
Does it apply its declaration of equal rights to the
state of the non-union laborer who claims the right
of private contract and the right to work and sup
port his family without the license or permission of
any labor union? If the Mayor's party so interpret
its motto then ft is well chosen. If not it is as sound
ing brass and tinkling cymbal. The platform^is its
own interpretation in that respect, for it demands
that the taxpayers of the city be restricted in the
purchase of public supplies for which they pay to
goods bearing the union label. This is a direct de
nial of equal rights to the non-union laborer, who,
though a taxpayer himself, is denied the right to sell
the work of his hands to the city. The public sup
plies then arc declared to belong to union labor only
as a special privilege, and equal rights in furnishing
them are denied to non-union labor.
This is a fundamental question. It involves the
right of contract, which the courts hold to be a
property right and therefore inviolable. Cardinal
Gibbons says^ that the right of a non-union laborer
to make his own contract and perform it by bis labor
is the essence of liberty and should be defended by
the whole power of society. That is a genuine
declaration of equal rights. Does the Mayor sub
scribe to it, and will his party indorse it? When
the labor union claim of the power to license Ameri
can labor and to enforce its license by denying
to the non-union laborer the common rights of man
was merely the policy of confederated organizations
which had the physical power to enforce it and used
that power, the matter was dealt with as each case
of denial of private rights arose. When the same
purpose is made into a political platform it is sub
ject to discussion the same as any other political
proposition by any party.
One of the strange and almost weird statements
of the platform is this, in compliment to the Mayor:
"During his term of office all differences between
labor and capital, employer and employe, have been
adjusted satisfactorily to both sides and without vio
lence and bloodshed.".
Does this mean that if the labor union party is
kept in power it will give bonds that non-union
labor, though denied the right to work at all, shall
be permitted to wish to work without being mur
dered or maimed? Does it mean that the myriad
felonies against property that are being committed
by the striking linemen on the property of the tele
phone company are not considered to be the use of
violence? Does it mean that, having control of all
the means of enforcing the law which protects the
equal rights of man, the labor union party will "sat
isfy" non-union labor and employers and contractors
that wisdom lies in conceding all demands made upon
them?
SHASTA COUNTY
COWS FEEDING
ON GUNPOWDER
FIERCE jFIRES
SWEEP FORESTS
AT WHITMORE
tion that gleamed in the Hawkeye. He has spent
most of his time in Ohio swinging the truncheon
and getting the forces into line behind Tom John
son's automobile and will take command in person.
The Ohio convention nominated a candidate for the
United States Senate against Mr. Hanna. The nom
inee is named Clark and his name was quite a stran
ger in the trump of Fame. It was suspected, too,
that Mr. . Clark had taken advantage of his obscurity
to think ill of some of the Bryan-Johnson issues in
politics. But he was nominated by a trade that
seems to have been necessary to defeat Zimmerman's
choice for Governor.
After it was done and the smoke of conflict cleared
its "place was taken by a cloud of suspicion of Clark's
orthodoxy. Who could pass upon that but Bryan?
He' was sent for. to look over Clark's past^ life and
conduct and walk and conversation, and now it is
gravely announced from Columbus that "Mr. Bryan
consents to Mr. Clark being a candidate for the
Senate," and peace settles upon the party in Ohio
as thickly as breakfast food mush on the morning
plate. Of course, if Mr. Bryan of Nebraska had
found against Clark the people of- Ohio would have
been denied the privilege of supporting him for
United States Senator. Clark, therefore, becomes the
representative of Mr. Bryan and the privilege of the
people is abridged and limited by the will of a man
who is not a citizen of their State! It is solemn,
it is spectacular, but it is funny.
DISAPPEARANCE
OF A PETALUMA
CREAMERY MAN
¦ SATURDAY SEPTEMBER S, W3
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
. ;<€rcts All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
TELEPHONE.
. Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
PtnLICATIOS OFFICE Market and Third. S. K.
nilKUtiAL nOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
• Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
! . . 7>rm» by Mall. Inclufiln* Postage <Ca«h With Ortlert:
. r>AILT CALL (Including Sunday). on« ye«r $S.OO
DAILT CALL. <lnc!u<Jln* Sunday). « xnonUis 4.OO
DAILT CALL— By Blrjrle Month ..TBo
• HNDAT CALL. On. Tear 3 -°°
' WEEKLY CALL, One Tear 1«°°
r Dally... fS.SO P«r Tear Extra
ICKEIGN POETAGE < Bunday.. -4.15 Per Year Extra
I Weekly.. l.O© P«r T«ar Extra
All Postmasters are acthorlsed to recelr*
subscriptions.
6*mple ccpie* will be forwarded when requested.
Mall •ubocribera In ordering change of addrea* ahcmld b.
- j articular to «ive both NEW AJCD OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLA.M) OFFICE.
XII8 Itrondvrny Telephone Main 10S3
DEUKELEV OFFICES.
jus Center Street Telephone JVorth 77
* C. GEORGE KnOGXESS, Mutineer Foreign Ad-rer
.Ixlnc, Marqnrtir Building:, ChlcaffO.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2819.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
JlcmTOX E. CUAKB 1400 G Street. H. W.
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN U. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW'TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTOS Herald Square
'BRANCH OFFICES-— BT7 Montgomery, corner cf Clay, open
until 6:30 o'clock. 300 Uayei. open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
V. ¦ a :..;•¦• r. open until 8:30 o'clock. CIS Larkin. open until
fi:3O o'clock. '.Ml Ulsalon, open until 10 o'clock. 2201
Market, ccrner Sixteenth, cpen until 8 o'clock. 1060 Va
¦ lescla. open until \> o'clock. 100 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NE. corner Church and Duncan streets, open
*. • un'.il 9 o'clock. KW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
oi>en urtil !' o'c'.orW. 2-<K) Fiilmore, open until 9 o'clock.
THE MAYOR'S PLATFORM.
THE SAN FBANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1903.'
6
I Next Sunday Call's Art Supplement.
P Here is the majesty of power, the very sublimity of personal grandeur.
[a the physical dominance, the keen, eternal watchfulness, the calm superiority of
a the jungle. In the original this picture is such a masterpiece of color that it
H is a shame, a positive impertinence, to attempt to reproduce it by any other .*
a process but the original. As an art creation it is world famous, notHnerely
il because the animals are drawn with such wonderful fidelity to life, but be-
« cause of that other and far more difficult art — the art of reproducing the
I tawny hue of the "King of Beasts" in all its rich splendor.
I Go to any 200 where a lion 13 to be seen and study him for yourself. Try
1 then tcf imagine yourself making a picture of him without losing any of that
[| latent force that creeps in every muscle beneath that smooth, glossy hide, and
l| you will understand what not only the artist who painted this picture has
H done, but what the lithographer who reproduced this especially for the Sunday
p| Call's picture supplements has done ever so much better, and that is to show
H "Leo and Leonora" in all those rare, yellow, pale brown and tan tints which
H nature has so cunningly blended into the most perfect skin worn by any beast
w " of the forest.
IS But it is not alone in the coloring that this picture is so attractive. It is
Pi indeed more for the sentiment that pervades it that the painting has become
gj so famous. There is a message for lovers. While his mate sleeps, he keeps
m guard that her slumbers may be undisturbed. And "Leonora," secure in the }
H strength, the eternal mastery of "Leo's" protection, slumbers in the peace of
H perfect security. Just look at those eyes. Therein is the light of menace -
M . • • / ¦ against which who would dare -intrude? |
p| • But as has been said before, this reproduction in half-tone gives abso-
H lutely.jio idea what the colored copies are like. Suitably framed, and this
M picture cannot be outdone. Watch for it. You get it free with the next Sun-
| day Call. "T
1 _FREE WTTH NEXT SUNDAY CALL~
I Frames for "Leo and Leonora" Supplement, I
I "Leo and Leonora," framed closely with four-inch H
Dutch Oak Shadow Box. Glass to go over lining (size * > J
11x16 inches), will make a handsome picture. ¦ & |]
TRAIN NEWS AGENTS AND ALL NEWSDEALERS SELL THE CALL I
Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents. 5
I THEY ARE .FRAMING' THE CALL ART SUPPLEMENTS 1 1
_____ The Following Art Dealers Are Making a Specialty of Framing Call Art Supplements* ___^ I
Co 8AC 6 S^ M^e T e?-?. eV N ner Davr r t>oot JgSj 'lioTe. £* P.Tuller & Co.. U 1
i ,M. Wyckoff. OAKLAND-E. J. Saake. 13 Tel»- Furniture TSmLn£". ? er f b * tI^ er « h M
j SAN JOSE-George Denne, M. Len- graph avenue; A. A. Barlow. 383 Houston Fuiniti.rl r Houston. H
g ten & Son. Twelfth street. REDWOOD Sty w mP f^, «
i 8TOCKTON— Morris Bros." book ALAMEDA— C. P. Ma B a«noa. 1351 8ANTA CRU7 w Jl^ 3°*S e - H
E «tore. 20 North El Dorado street; Park «treet. Bros. F R riZZ n lT £ h l Cook * fJ
I 6tockton Kacket store. 711 East Main CHICO-Fettera & Williams. JACKSOnIe Q* I?'" C HSATURDAY. SEPTEMBER 5.
Sun rises 5:12
fcjun sets o:o5
Moon gets ¦*:"! a. m.
O Time Time ITlnie Time
• Ft. Ft. I Ft. FL
• l, W H W |L W |H W
"ft I 4-161 0.3111 :19 8.01 4:30 2.2110:4.1 JTl
6 i 4 52 O.5 11:45 B.I S:05 2.0:11:20 S.I
- I *-2S| 0.7112:10 8.115:4s 1.71
h'wI |l w Ih w |l w
« 000 5.0 5:57 1.0 12:35 £l 6:20 1.4
o 040 4.8 6:30 1.3 1:00 6.1 7:02 1.1
10 1 : 27 4.7 7:05 1.6 1:29 R.I 7:46 0.0
11 2:22 45 7:43 2.0 2:03 B.I 8:38 0.8
XvOTE In the above ezDOSltion at the tide*
. Special holiday rates. September 4, to 9,.In
clusive, via the North Shore to Russian Klver,
Cazadero, Redwoods, Point Reyes, Camp Tay
lor, etc. Gooc hotels, hunting, flsh^ug - r.nd
camping. Morning and - afternoon trains
through to Caiadero on September S and 8. Get
copy of circular at ticket office, '-2(3 Market
street. San Franclscc* • ..- •
Popular Excursions.
LABOR AND ADMISSION DAYS.
The annual festival of the Celtic Union
will take place at Glen Park on Admis
sion day, September 9. Besides games and
Irish dancing, for which prizes will be
awarded, there is to be a literary pro
gramme and a contest among scholars of
the Irish language, the winner to. receive
a'gold medal. The Judges for this year
will be Rev: P. C. Yorke, Conor Murphy
and Jeremiah Deasy.
The Irish step dancing contest will be
gin at 1 o'clock and the literary pro
gramme will follow. There are to be con
testa in Gaelic singing, for which prizes
will be awarded.
Literary Exercises and Games Will
Be Enjoyed Admission Day
• at Glen Park.
CELTIC UNION ANNUAL
FESTIVAL IS ARRANGED
The views, which were all taken by
Rev. Mr. Larkin during: a visit to the
valley this summer, were of high merit
and,» were of sufficient number to give a
comprehensive idea of the beauties of thla
most wonderful of nature's works.
The lecture •accompanying the views
was well arranged and sparkled with
fnecdote, descriptive passages and hu
mor. Views of Avalon and Catalina Isl
and closed the lecture.
Rev. Francis M. Larkin, pastor of the
Grace Methodist Episcopal Church, at
Capp and Twenty-second streets, de
livered a stereopticon lecture on Yosem
ite Valley last night at the church. The
ample auditorium was filled to its capac
ity and the vicarious trip through the
imposing resort was highly enjoyed by
all present.
Rev. Francis M. Larkin Entertains a
Large Audience at Grace
M. E. Church. '
STERE0PTIC0N LECTURE
ON YOSEMITE VALLEY
Mineworkers in Good Condition.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Sept. 4.— The
auditing committee of the National Mine
Workers of America to-day submitted its
quarterly report to Secretary-Treasurer
Wilson. It shows 323,000 members, of
which less than 2000 are out on strike.
The miners now have ?9TO,610 in their
treasury - j
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. | Due.
Pomona Humbcldt ISept. 5
Ar S° Eel River Ports ISept. 5
Kedondo ,. Humboldt jSept. 0
J. .Dollar j Seattle & Tacoma lit:pt. «
Newburg- 1 Grays Harbor .Sept. 6
Montara \ Port Harford Sept. 6
G. LJndauer.. Portland Sept 7
Czarina Coo 8 Bay Sept. 7
Chehalls Grays Harbor Sept. 7
NcrthFork... Humboldt Sept. 7
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pta. Sept. 7
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports. Sept. 7
Columbia Portland & Astoria Sept. 7
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. Sept. 7
Del Norte Crescent City Sept. 7
Centralia Grays Harbor Sept. 8
S. Barbara... Seattle &¦ Olympla ISept 8
Corona Humboldt |Sept. 8
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford|Sept. 9
Queen Fuset Sound Ports. . .ISept. »
Colon New York via Panama. 'Sept. 9
Kainier Seattle & Whatcom...!Sept. 9
Eureka Humboldt (Sept. 9
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. ArenaiSept. 10
8. Monica San Pedro ISept. 10
Ching Wo — China & Japan ISept. 10
S. Portland.. Portland & Astoria 'Sept. 10
Santa Row... San Diego & Way Pta.lSept. 10
San Pedro San Pedro [Sept. 10
Ccos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts.|Sept. 11
H. K. Maru.. | China & Japan ;Sept. 11
Mariposa Tahiti ISept. 12
Uarda Hamburg & Way Pts. ISept. 12
O. W. Kid^r.. Portland & Astoria ]8ept, VI
Centennial — Seattle &. Tacoma .'.|Sept. 13
City Huebla.. Pu«et Sound Ports Sept. 14
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Sept. 15
F. H. Leggftt Portland Sept. 15
Chas. NelBon. I Seattle Sept. 15
TO SAIU
Steamer. Destination. I Rails. Pier.
September O.
Chlco Coquille River C pm Pier 2
Iaqua Humboldt 5 pm Pier 2
Argo Eel River Ports.... 4 pm|Pier i
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena I 4 pmjPler 2
Peru N. Y. via Panama. 52 mlPler ¦*«
Alameda Honolulu 11 am|Pler 7
G. W. Eldet Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 2i
Klval Willapa .Harbor... 4 pm Pier 2
September 0. \
Arctic Humboldt 10 am Pier 10
Phoenix Mendocino City ... 1 pm|Pler 13
Eureka Humboldt 0 am Pier 13
Redondo Los Angeles Ports. 3 pm Pier 2
Santa Rosa. S. Diego & W. Pts. 9 am Pier lu
Coos Bav . . . San Pedro Way Pts 9 am Pier i»
W. H. Krug Los Angeles Ports. | 5 pm[Piei-v2
September 7. | I
Pomona.... Humboldt 1:30 plPler 9
Curacao.... Mexican Ports 10 amfPier 1'j
September 8. |
Centralia... Los Angeles Ports. 10 amlPier 10
S. Barbara. Log Angeles Ports. 10 am | Pier a
Umatilla... puget Sound Ports. 11 amlPier u
September 1O. I
S. Monica.. Gray's Harbor .... 4 pm|Pler 2
corona Humboldt 1:30 plp.er u
Bute of Cal. Ean Diego & Way. 8 am Pl«r 19
Bonlta Newport Way Pts. 0 am Pier l»
Columbia. . . Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Chehalls Grays Harbor pj er 2
Ban Pedro.. Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
September 11.
North Fork Humboldt 5 pm Pier 2
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Arcata Coos B.&Pt. Orford 10 am Pier la
Gaelic China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40'
Nevadan... Hono. & Kahulul.. 3 pm Pier 16
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 1
September J— .
San Juan... N. Y. via Panama 12 m Pier 40
September .13.
Queen...... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
September 14. k
S. Portland. Astoria & Portland Pier 2
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm]Pler 10
' FROM SEATTLE. ~~~~
Steamer. For. 1 salU.
Al-KI.... Skagway & Way PoruiSept. ft
Dlrl.jo Kkagway & Way Ports|Sept. ;»
Dolphin Skag-vvay & Way Pts.. (Sept. 6
Henna 1 Cooks Inlet & Way l J ts(Sept. ,
Cottaire City.. Skagway & Way Porti.jSept. h
Meteor Nome & St. Michael... Sept. 10
Huraboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 11
Farallon Ekagway & W*ay Pts.. Sept. 12
Oregon Nome direct .......... Sept, 12
City Topeka. . Skagway A Way Porte. Sept. 13
City Seattle:.' Skagway & Way : Ports Kept. 14
Santa Ana.... Cooks Inlet & Way PtsjSept. 10
WASHINGTON. L>. C, Sept. 4. — Post
offices established: California — Roscoe.
Lassen County, Albert C. Pickard, post
master. Washington — Herman, What
com County, John Broyles. postmaster.
Postofflce discontinued September 30:
California — Forest Lake, San Joaquin
County, mail toGale.
Postmaster commissioned: Oregon-
Church E. Sturtcvant, Crow.
Fourth-class postmaster appointed: Ore
gon— Gaphart D. Ettner, McKee, Marion
County, vice T. G. Fladeland. deceased.
New Postof flees Are Established and
Several New Postmasters Re
ceive Appointment.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
O^, THE PACIFIC COAST
When Russell Avery, a well-known man
about town, died two weeks ago It was
supposed that he died intesate. That he
died leaving no "will was stated in a peti
tion for letters of administration upon his
$20,000 estate. This was (lied a few days
after hia death by Francis Avery, his
father, a wealthy resident of Sausalito.
Yesterday, however, a will bearing the
signature of Avery was produced and of
fered for probate by Giacinta Cprslni
Avery, the divorced wife of the deceased,
and she filed a % petition' asking- that she
be appointed administratrix of the estate.
Under, tha will she is the sole legatee of
the estate of her late husband and she is
also named executrix. ' The document is
holographic and bears date of August 7,
1901. It was given into her possesston a
short time after it was made and she kept
its existence a secret until it was shown
to her that the law provides that any one
possessing a will of any deceased per
son must file it within thirty days after
death. Because of her divorce from the
deceased several months ago the will is
said to be of little value to her, but it is
evident that she intends to make a fight
for the property.
It Was Made Two Years Ago and
Has Been in Possession of
His Divorced Wife.
RTJSSEXL AVERT, SUPPOSED
INTESTATE, LEFT A WILX
NAPA, Sept.- 4.— Miss Elizabeth Bell, a
young lady 21 years of age, died suddenly and
under peculiar circumstances Thursday morn
ing, a few miles north of Calistoga, at the
old Jewell ranch. While eating breakfast with
the members of the household ehe suddenly
fanted and died a few hours later. Death was
due to a strange affliction of the heart.
the early morning tides are given In tha left
hand column and the successive tides at tb«
d&y in .the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth- time column gives the 'last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, aa
sometime* occur*. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United State*
Coast Survey Chart*, except when the number
given 1* subtracted from the depth given by
the chart*. The plane of reference is the mean
Of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. 8. N.. Mer
chant*' Exchange. Ean Francisco. Cul.,
September 4.
The time ball on the Ferry building was
dropped exactly at noon to-day, 1. e., at noon
of the 120th meridian, or at 8 p. m. Greenwich
time. j. c. BURNETT,
L'.eutenant. U. S. N.. In Chargo.
Kovements of Steamers.
Overdue Foyle Arrives
.TJb»» British ship Fcyle, which was on the
/'verdue list at 15 per cent, arrived yesterday
at Zaandam. She was out 154 days from
Kaniroon. The rate on the Aristides remains
at ?."> per cent, but will t>e advaneed very abort-
unless oomethlng is heard from her. She f»
•,io* out 101 days from Oa.eta Buena for this
•jiort. The schooner Honolulu, which arrived
about two months ago frora a port near Co
leta Buena, was eichty-cne days making the
T-af*aire. and although the Aristldes now
holds the record f«r lenjrth of passage, there
*«re- mar.j- that believe her to be all right. The
Xfitin Park and Helen Brewer are etill quoted
at l»0 per cent, ar.d the rates en the other
overdues remain unchanged.
Alameda Sails To-Dav
— _ — __,p.
•«; Captain Dowde'.l of the Oceanic Steamship
O-mpany's Alameda will remain ashore during
¦ tfy next trip on account Cf his health. Cap
tain Lawless will command the liner daring
""Captain Dowdell's s.r^r'ce. The Alameda will
tail- at 11 thi* morning for Honolulu with a
large cargo and a fuii i.tt of passengers.
Victim cf Ptomaine
. A. Boy*r, who is employed at 46 Spear
•Ftreet, ate canned salmon yesterday with his
. luncheon and was treated a few hours later
.at the Harbor Ho*tjital for ptomaine poison
ing. He will recover.
Log-an to Take Fourteenth
• "The army transport Lopan, Captain Stlnson,
.«CfXI sail at noon to-day for Manila with the
Fo_urt>er.th United States Cavalry.
- ?
Revising Course of Study.
A mc-eting of. grammar school principals
•will he held in Superintendent of Schools
Lar.^don's office next Tuesday afternoon
to confer with that official regarding the
proposed revision of the course of study
in connection with the new State history,
•which will be readv in two weeks.
Stmr Arcata. Nelson, Coos Baj
TELEGRAPHIC
Stmr Samoa, Madsen, Caspar.
t?tmr Newsboy, Adler, Westport.
Stmr National City, Jr.hnfion; ' Fort Bragg.
Stmr Gipsy, Ltland, Santa Crui.
Stmr Marshfleld, Dettm«T8, Hardy Creek.
Stmr Brooklyn. Hlgglns, Mendocino. with
schr Abble in tow.
Schr Abbie, Larsen. Mendocino. In tow stmr
Brooklyn.
Schr Glen, Han*en, CoquIHe River.
Schr Western Home, Lembke. Coos Bay.
POINT LO3OS. Sept 4. 10 p m — Weather
thick; wind SW, velocity 20 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Sept 4— Bktn Jamea
Tuft, for Melbourne.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Sopt 4— Bktn
James Tuft, from Tacnma, for Melbourne.
BOWENS LANDING — Arrived Sept 3 — Stmr
Ruth, hence Sept 3.
TATOOSH — Passed out Sept 4 — Schr Henry
K Hall, for Sydney; schr W H Talbot, for
Sydney; schr Mildred, for San Francisco; achr
Ludlow, from Port Hadlock, for Pan Pedro.
Pafsed In Sept 4 — Stmr San Mateo, hence
Sept 1, for Tacoma; 8tmr Chas Nelson, hence
Auk 1'S. for Seattle.
EUREKA — Arrived Sept 4 — Stmr South Bay.
hence Sept 2.
Sailed Sept 4 — Stmr Pomona, for Pan Fran
cigco; shin Emily F Whitney, for San Fran
clico.
ASTORIA— Sailed Sept 4 — Br stmr Indra
vc31i. for China and Japan; schr Endeavor,
for San Francisco.
Arrived Sept 4 — Schr Irene, from San Diego;
ship Berlin, from Bristol Bay; chip C F Sar
gent, from Nushgak.
FORT BR.AGG— Arrived Sept 4— Stmr Noyo,
hence Sept 8.
COOS BAY— Sailed Sept 3— Schr Guide, for
San Francisco.
BANDON — Sailed Sept 3 — Schr 'Ruby,, for
San Krancfsco.
SEATTLE — Arrived Sept . 4 — Stmr Dolphin,
from Fkuifway.
TACOMA— Sailed Sept 4— Stmr Mackinaw,
fcr San Francisco.
WEs-TPORT— Sailed Sept 4 — Stmr. Fulton,
f-jr San Pedro.
TOUT LOS ANGELES — Sailed Sept 4 — Fr
bark Berangere. for Portland.
SANTA BARBARA — Arrived Sept 4 — Stmr
State of California, from San Francisco, and
sailed fcr San Piego.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Sept 4— Schr Compeer,
fcr Eureka.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Sept 4— Stmr
Dollar, hence Aug 3L : . ' •- ¦¦¦'.' - :"- '*''
Sailed Sept 4 — Stmr Chehalls and schr J H
Bruce, for San Franciaro; »chr Fred E San
der, for Ean Pedro.
FA I RHAVEN— Arrived Sept 4 — Stmr Olym
pic, hence Au«- 31.
ISLAND PORT.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Sept 3— Jap stmr
Hongkong Marti, from Yokohama.
Sailed Stpt 4 — Jap etmr Hongkong Maru, for
Pan Francisco. -~\~'fi
HAMBURG— In port Sept 1— Ger Btmr Mera,
for San Francisco.
ISLE OF WIGHT— Passed Sept 3— Br ship
Indore. from Pugct Sound, for London.
HONGKONG — Arrived Sept 3 — Br stmr In
drasarcha, from Portland, Or.
ZAANDAM— Arrived Sept 4— Br ship Foyle,
from Rangoon.
SHANGHAI— Sailed Sept 1— Be Btmr Indra
df-a. for New York.
VICTORIA— Sailed Sept 4— Br ship Lord
Templetown. for Algoa Bay.
YOKOHAMA — Sailed Sept 4 — Br stmr In
drapura. from Hongkong-, for Portland, Or.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 4— Stmr St
Louis, from Southampton and Cherbourg; atrar
HarbaroKsa. irom Bremen; Btmr Zecland, from
Copenhagen.
gL'EEXSTOWN- Sailed Sept 4— Stmr Cana
da, from Liverpool, for Boston.
BOt'LOGNE — Arrived Kept 4 — Stmr Noor
dam. irom New York, for Rotterdam.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Sept 4— Stmr Com
monwealtn, from Boston; Btmr Victorian, from
New York.
GIBRALTAR— Pawed Sept 4— Stmr Cam
broman, from Naples, for Boston.
NOTE — The hleh aad low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 23
minute* later than at Fort Point; the height of
tld« is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Time and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to taa
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Redwood for Great Britain
The 1 British fhip Anr.asona sailed yesterday
for 'Eureka to load redwood for the United
Kingdom.
NET. S OF THE OCEAN
3£att ers of Interest to Mariners and
. *.i Shipping Merchants.
** The Frrnoh bark l'Hermlte was cleared yes
terday for Antwerp. Belgium, with €2,710 ctls
latter, valued at |«3£flQ, and 17,000 feet lum
* I »r ae dunnage, valued at J^.<5.
A EhitJinent of Lumbei
• The. UritiFh *hiD Craigmore was cleared en
Thursday for Callao. Peru, via Vancover. wit!»
HiU*75 feet reiwo'xi lurcher, valued at H9Ut.
Exports for the North.
./•The steamer City of Puebla sailed on Thurji
*:ay for Victoria with an assorted merchaii'li'f!
, f "i»go. cor.elKn«-d to the jirineipal IJritisn Co
'.umMan port*, valued at $1U.7»>4, and Including
he following: 1T.S4 pkgs fr*-«h fruit, 41 pk^s
.resh vegetable* K.453 1b* dried fruit, 47.*>0 lh»
taieinx. UTiin lbs m«".al, <iO(> pkirs paste, TstJO ,ja's
• »ine. I7O lb« codfish. <i rk^s dnjijF, 3103 1!>«
•!*•;-:.«•. 25 drums glycerine, S4 !.;¦.;-¦« »?rocerit3
md provisions. M!> cs earned roode, 174 lbs cof
f«-, 4*fi lbs chocolate, ij ct honey. C7 ; kc> on
ions, 1422 lbB sheet lead, 165 plcgt boiler tubes.
T> pkes leather, 5 pkps dry goods. 2O."£)5 lbs bon»
Mack. 10"W cocoanuts, 9 cyls ammonia. .'i'Jf'O
!!>• cirew, 1 ce t-lectrical supplies. 5 hxs can
dles. SO cs arms and ammunition. 10 cs ii'se.
In addition to the foreicoinfc the Bte^mjr car
ried the following merchandise en route to
Dawson : 600 c» whi»ky. 30 cs chirnioirre, 15
¦ j-kr Klr.»rpr ale a»'d lt»s>0 lbs meal, valued at
P833; eUo, 170.000 lbs aiph&Hum, valued at
$»«, «i route to Winnipeg.
Shipping Intelligence
ARRIVED.
Friday. September 4.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, 57 hours from San
' FtmY Scotia, Erickson. 11 hours from Bowens
Stmr Umatilla, Ncpander. 66 hours from
victoria-
Stmr Cljwy. Iceland, 27 hours from Monte
,'fty.
/•t-tmr -Coos Bay, TCicolson. 66 hours from
"Newport, etc. #
l^tmr Eureka, Jeesen, 24 hours from Eurrka.
«• Stmr Newsboy, Adler, 15 hours from Wesl
flort.
• "ffrr f^an Gabriel. Hamilton., 49 hours from
San Pedro.
" Stair Greenwood, Johnson, US houra from
v sn Pedro.
• \stmr PrentlM. Ah!«trom, 48 hours from San
. Us etiur Wyefield, Watson, 88 hours from
Aunalmo.
- / '.:;. EparUUJ, Falkman, 8 daye from What
. dXta Retriever. EJoane. 6% days from Port
H-.i4iock.
. Schr' FannJe Adele, Sorrina, 7*4 days from ;
flrkjra Harbor.
• Sebr Oceania Vance, Burke, 8 daj-« from
*• -it Blakeley.
• Schr i'ola.ot, Skipper. 6 days from Grays
I i arbor.
• tjchr *S T Alexander, Johnson, 8 days from
Gray* Harbor.
Schr Mary E Russ, N>-man, 48 hours from
I*arfka.
Schr Hernsle K. Men-lam, 26 hours from San
» icente i^aadlns;.
CLEARED.
Friday, September 4.
¦ r. ' Corona, Johnson, Eureka; I'aclflc Coast
?ffeaniHhJp Co. .
Stmr Kama Rosa, Alexander, Ban Dlfgor
I'acinc-Coart Steamship Co.
• Ktmr Geo W Elder. Itandall, Astoria; Oregon
Itailrojid and JCav Co.
•J'.r chip Annasona, Lee, Eureka; W R Grace
* Co.
Pr bark L'HermJte, Gueno, Antwerp; Bal
four, Guihrte ft Co.
SAILED.
. ' * Friday. September 4.
. Stmr Corona. Johnoon, Eureka.
Sunr Xavarro, Weber, Howens Landtag:.
.Many of the \\ hit" Star :iru» offWrs who
-J-jive left this ¦ -.->.>• after a term of .»-Tvie«» on
tic 'steamships chartered by the occidental
VtTtf 'Oriental Steamship CV>mp«riy are now oc
* tVSTtaa important positions on the Atlantic
r.r^S British- Australian Iin<?r* of th* famous
•Vhite Star line. A. E. Hmr.bleton. who made
„ rr:any. frien<J.o while failing out of thi» port &a
• — *<¦& officer of the Cavelic, is now ocramamjfr
r .r: the rtermanir. an-1 ChM Ofncr Stark, for
m ' cf.y of the I>>rie. is his executive officer.
• *< •£•,(* ' Officer Hart of the big Oceanic once oc
/i».pif<l a similar position on the Oaelic. and]
1 **jptairj Ancin* of the Georsir, hi« chief ofn
¦.."">-¦ Burrows, and Captain Armstrong of the
• JVrf'ia, are aJl w«ll knoun at this port.
All Hare Bigger Ships Now
Mr. Ross is a preacher of great force
and clear demonstration, thoroughly im
bued with the spirit and magnitude of his
subject and fearless in proclaiming it In
its fullness. On his several previous visits
to San Francisco his meetings have al
ways been crowded to the capacity of the
halls in which they were held.
Mr. Ross is ja. native of Georgia, but
now makes his home in Los Angeles when
not out on field duty.
of Pine and Kearny streets, for
two weeks or more, beginning to-morrow
at 8 p. m., and continuing nightly at the
same hour. On Sunday afternoons during
his stay in the city he will preach at 49
Third street.
REV. E. A. ROSS, one of the lead
ing evangelists in this country,
will hold a series of services at
the Peniel Mission Hall, corner
Will Inaugurate Series of
Religious Meetings
To-Moirow.
The Supervisors' Health Committee met
yesterday and agreed on a plan to secure
the will of residents of the University
Mound and Bay View districts regarding
the proposed extension of the "two-cow"
limits. A list of the voters in the dis
tricts will bo procured in the Registrar's
office and postal cards will be mailed to
the voters with a request to express their
preference. The majority vote will rule
with the committee in making its recom
mendation.
Extension of Cow Limits.
J. W. Howard, an asphalt and paving
expert of New York, visited the office of
the Board of Public Works yesterday.
He is here to investigate the various
kinds of paving used In this city, and
spraks highly of California asphalt,
which he says is the best to be had. He
also commended the specifications for
paving adopted by the board, deeming
them in proper form and very liberal in
their requirements, so as to permit of
the widest competition.
»
Says California Asphalt Is Best.
The Supervisors' Building Committee
yesterday delegated Charles. W. Fay,
clerk of the Board of Supervisors, to act
as purchasing agent for the committee
without extra compensation. Fay was
also authorized to honor all requisitions
for emergency repairs and supplies In
sums not exceeding $30, he to make a re
port weekly to the committee. Fay's ap
pointment will take the business of buy-
Ing supplies out of the hands of the Su
perintendent of Buildings.
Appoints Purchasing Agent.
•.The health of the Chinese crew on the
steamship Algoa is giving the Pacific
officials considerable anxiety. The
Algoa has be^n at anchor In Mission
Bay # ginoe llarch. The exclusion act
prevents the Asiatics that make up her
crfiw from coming ashore and the con
finement is beginning to tell its tale.
. The appearance on board of beri-beri
¦ -has added to the burden of those re
sponsible for the weJfaru of the Celes
tial sailors. There was a death from
the dread disease some months ago. An
.other victim, elck and helpless, was
shipped to China on the Korea and yes
•trxday death claimed a third. Berl
_r»<»ri to the lay eye closely resembles lo
eorrjotor ataxia and is just as surely
'fatal.
"' .-The Chinese on the Algoa have re
fused to vary their diet with the fresh
. fneats and vegetables freely provided,
and to the monotony of diet as much
"as the confining nature of their erist
. oijce Is ascribed much of their 111
•health.
. A few days the chief cook and his
* c-s si stunt sought relief from the irk
'inmt calm in a bloody duel, from which
t.he subordinate emerged with a crim
**nn- collection of carving-knife wounds.
;Th<> knife wielder was placed under ar
» "f«st and on Thursday was sent back
~ 'to on the liner Korea.
.; Meanwhile the Algoa still rises and
" falls with the tide of Mission Bay and
¦ ihos* on board are killing time and
tralnJas their lungs to assimilate the
ptror.p airs which arise from the sew
• ..fi<?«»-taint«»<l water and mingle in unhy
jH^n-ie combination with the breezes of
; ..Kutchertown.
Under the instructions of Judge de Haven,
given to the Jury on Thursday Di the Nana
mat'su case, there are several men In Jail
serving sentences for smuggling who never
should have been convicted. Unless Judge de
Haven changes his opinion as to the Interpre
tation of the decision in the Captain Keck
case it will be impossible to convict a smug
gler until after he has landed the goods be
yond the customs lines, In which event the
goods and the smuggler will have escaped In
nine cases out of ten. This class of casts
differ from the Keck case because there Is no
doubt as to their intention to smuggle. The
concealment of the goods, the neglect to de
clare them when requested by the customs
officials to do ro, are circumstances clearly
showing the criminal intent of the. smuggler.
If Judge de Haven adheres to his opinion It
will be a waste of time for customs officers
to search passengers and baggage on the gang
plank or on the vessel. The only thing lelt
for them to do will be to allow the sus
pected smugglers and their baggage to escape
and then follow them up and arrest them be
fore the property shall have been disposed of.
Duncan E. McKlnlny, Assistant United
States District Attorney, who prosecuted
the case, has notitled Acting Collector
William B. Hamilton of the opinion of the
court. Duncan McKInlay spoke as fol
lows of the case:
The jury was sent out to deliberate at
2:25 p. m. and was discharged at 8;30 p.
m.. having failed to agree. Six were for
conviction in spite of the positive instruc
tion of the court.
In regard to this Indictment, gentlemen, I
de«m It my duty to say to you that there is
no evidence whatever to sustain it, and it will
be your duty to return a verdict of not guilty
as to that Indictment. There can be no smug
gling of goods within the meaning of the law
unless they actually rats the line of the cus
toms officers. The mere attempt to clandes
tinely introduce goods into the United States
is not Fmuggllng within the meaning of the
statute upon which this indictment is framed.
So, gentlemen, there will be left for your con
sideration the charge contained in the second
indictment, number 40UO.
Gentlemen of the Jury: There are two In
dictments against the defendant. They have
been coneolldated, and you are required to re
turn a verdict upon each of the indictments.
The Indictm-jnt which Is numbered 4102 -con
tains two counts. In the first one of which the
defendant Is charged with smuggling into the
port of San Francisco certain articles, and the
second count charges him with lnrnort Ing the
same articles Into the United States contrary
to law.
It does not happen very often that a
jury disregards the Instructions of the
court to acquit the defendant, but such
was the case with the jury that tried
Naoi Nanamatsu last Thursday on a
charge of smuggling sites. The defend
ant was caught with the goods in his
possession before he had passed off the
gangplank, and his attorney raised the
point that, in acocrdance with the de
cision in the case of the United States
vs. Keck, the prisoner and the smuggled
goods never having escaped beyond the
control of the customs officials, no smug
gling had been done.
In the Keck case the customs officials
boarded the ship before she had arrived
in the harbor of New York and finding
a quantity of diamonds concealed in the
captain's cabin seized them and placed
the captain under arrest on a. charge of
smuggling. On the appeal it was held
that, as the goods had not been brought
through the customs lines, it was impos
sible to determine whether the captain
had intended to smuggle the diamonds.
In other words, he had not been given an
opportunity to show a criminal intent."
Upon this point Judge de Haven
charged the jury as follows:
Failures this week in the United States
are 191, against 176 last week, 238 the pre
ceding week and 200 the corresponding:
week last year, and in Canada 7, against
11 last week, 8 the preceding week and
19 last year.
Wheat, including flour, exports for the
week ending September 3 aggregate 3,131,
234 bushels, against 3,243,056 bushels last
week.
Business failures in the United States
for the week ending September 3 were
163 against 142 last week, 133 in the like
week of 1902 and 129 in 1901.
In Canada failures for the week number
eighteen against twenty last week and
fourteen In the same week a year asro.
R. G. Dun & Co.'s weekly review of
trade to-morrow will say:
A startling contrast is shown when com
parison is made with the corresponding
week of last year in trade. Prices were
then tending upwafd in many branches
of industry, new business was coming
forward more rapidly than it had been
and in the security market all records
for activity and high prices were being
surpassed.
Later events have demonstrated that
the situation was unhealthy and specu
lative excesses have been followed by re
action and readjustment. Conservativsm
was then the exception; it is now the
rule. Prospects for steady gains and
their maintenance are brighter under the
present system. Legitimate business will
continue- to suffer from speculation and
the high fate for exchange will militate
against industrial expansion, but in the
long run a larger degree of caution should
prove beneficial. Buyers are- still com
ing to the leading markets In great num
bers and testify .to the sound condition of
business at the interior. Manufacturing
plants are busy throughout New Eng
land aside from cotton mills and there
is notable activity in wearing apparel at
the South, while prospects for a large fall
retail trade are bright everywhere. Al
ready there is traffic congestion at sev
eral points, despite the fact that cropS
have only just begun to move, and rail
way earnings in August show gains of
9.3 per cent over last year and 17.4 per
cent over 1901. Undoubtedly ,low prices
have, had the effect of curtailing produc
tion in the iron and steel Industry.
Wool is'flrm at Eastern markets.
I Wool ia firm on demand sufficient to
cover sales of goods. Lumber is active
and firm at the Westjf butleather is slow
and 'draggy at the East, where laborcon
ditions are not altogether settled.
NEW YORK, Sept. 4.-Bradstreet's to
morrow l will say: Crop developments
have been mostly favorable, fall Jobbing
trade reports indicate further improve
ment and monetary conditions show lesa
tension. The tone of general business is
conservative and the tendency is to elimi
nate anything In the nature of specula
tion or overextension from business. The
manufacturing industry shows continued
activity, except in such lines as cotton
and silk production, which note the in
fluence of special conditions, and some
lines of iron and steel. Evidence of an
approaching slackening in the output of
anthracite coal is to be seen. Some im
provement is noted in the car scarcity
trouble and gross earnings of railways
continue large, but increased cost of ope
rations and heavy improvements limit net
receipts. Failures show only the- usual
midsummer volume so far as number is
concerned, but average suspensions foot
up a larger total of liabilities, particu
larly of small financial institutions and
manufacturers.
The State Harbor Commission notified
the Board of Supervisors yesterday that
certain individuals have encroached on
Steuart street immediately south of Har
rison by erecting buildings thereon. The
communication Is accompanied by a map
showing the exact condition of affairs,
and continues:
"At that point one-half of the street is
under the Jurisdiction of the Harbor
Commission and the other half under the
Jurisdiction of the city. This board de
sires to take the necessary legal steps
to cause the removal of these encroach
ments, and in that behalf desires the co
operation of the Board of Supervisors."
. .-Long Confinement Proves too
Much for Oriental
. ¦ : - Sailors.
Manufacturing Industry Xs
Showing Continued
Request Co-operation of the
Board of Supervisors to
Secure Results.
Court Instructs Them as to
What Must Be Proved
to Convict.
Harbor Commissioners.
Oppose Blockade of
Streets.
Jurors Refuse to Obey
De Haven's Order
to Acquit.
Tendency to Eliminate
Anything in .Way of
"Chinese on Big Freighter
",. Succumbs to Dread
Disease.
WANT TO CLEAR
THE WATERFRONT
BUSINESS TONE
IS CONSERVATIVE
OPINION FAVORS
BOLD SMUGGLERS
BERI-BERI FINIS
VICTIM ON ALGOA
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL., SATUE DA Y, SEPTEMBER 5, 1903.
REV. E. A. ROSS,
EVANGELIST, TO
¦ HOLD SERVICES
*
EVANGELIST WHO WILL
HOLD SERIES OF SERVICES
IN THIS CITY.-
7
SYMPHONY CONCERTS
FRIT? SIM, DIRECTOR.
GRAND OPEBA HOUSE.
Auspi«es of the S. F. Symphony Society.
Concert every Tuesday at 3 p. m.
Prices of seats, 60c. $1. $1 26, $1 &0.
SPECIAL! "IMPORTANT!
Two Grand Popular and Wagner
Concerts.
MECHANICS' FAVXLIOW
FRITZ SCHEEL. Director.,
a ,F. STMPHONT ORCHESTRA, 73 musicians.
LABOR DAY, MONDAT. Sept. 7. at 3 p. in.
ADMISSION DAY, WEDNESDAY, Sept. 0.
at 3 p. m.
POPULAR MUSIC. POPULAR PRICES.
(Look for programme In the next Sunday's
papers.)
Prices 25c. 60c. 76c.
Tickets for sale at SHERMAN & CLAT*8
Mu8ic Store and at the PAVILION and GRAND
OPERA-HOUSE on days of concerts.
See daily papers for programmes of popular
concerts.
GRAND % E u^
MATINEES TO-DAY, TO-MOBBOW,
LAB OS ADD ADMXSSXOX DAYS.
Every Lady and Child Will be Presented With
a Souvenir Picture.
OVERWHELMING SUCCESS OF THE
POLLARD LILLIPUTIAN OPERA CO.
LAST NIGHT OF
THE BELLE OF MEWYORK
BEGINNING TO-MORROW NIGHT.
"A Gaiety, Girl"
PpifCC EVENINGS 15c, 25c, 50c, 75c
IfllWCj MATINEES ...15c. 25c, 50c
TFvoyss5ir
TO-NIGHT FOR THE LAST TIME,
THE VERDI MASTERPIECE.
<> rt ¥wx rt »» -
This Afternoon's Matinee and Sunday Night.
'LUCIA Dl LAMMERMOOR."
Donnlaettl's Wonderful Work.
NEXT "WEEK— "Paust" and "JUjro-
letto."
Sigmortna Tina ds Spada will appear aa
Margmrlte.
Popular Prices as usual — 25c, 60c, 75c
Telephone Dus-h 0.
MATINEE TO-DAT. SATURDAT, Sept. 5.
Parquet, Any Seat. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren. Any. Part Except Reserved, 10c.
RELIANT VAUDEVILLE !
Bloom ane. Cooper; T. Nelson Downs;
La Vine-Cameron Trio; Marguerite
and Hanley- and Georga Schindler.
Last times of Keough and Ballard;
Sam Edwards and Company; The
Fleury Trio and Larkins and Fat-
terson.
Special Matinee Monday. Labor Day
TO-NIGHT — LAST TIME OF"
Henry Miller and Margrarst Ang-lln
In an Entirely New Version of
"CAMILLE."
Beginning MONDAT— Fourth Week,
HENRY n MILLER
MARGARET ANGLIN
Monday. Tuesday and Wednesday Nights.
¦ • Wednesday Matinee.
"THE DEVIL'S DISCIFHE."
Thursday. Friday and Saturday Nights.
Saturday Matinee.
"THE TAMHTQ Of HEItSy."
Belasco & Mayer. Proprietor*.
Market St.. Near Eighth. I'hone South 553.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TWO NIOHTS
- MATINEES TO-DAT AND TO-MORROW.
Stupendous Production of Ausustia Daly's
Spectacular Drama.
"THE GREAT RUBY"
DDirCC Evenings, 10c to 50c.
rnltCJ Matinees. 10c. 13c. 23c
J " Week of Seotember T.
"Whose Baby Are You?"
SPECIAL MATINEES
MONDAT (LABOR DAT)
AND WEDNE&DAT (ADMISSION DAY).
USCT1TBES ANJ0 CONCimTS.
TO-DftY.
Reserve your seats from 1 to 5 p. m. and
from 7 p. m. Sunday at Box Office.
,&%>£&£ STioarwAT eali,
/$C&$&B!ux& SUNDAT >fl*OHT" at
' iSffSfeB^. \Z By "quest of DR. Mo-
?^%&&WL &f Human Eleotrlcity,
'^XJzZ&Sila&J Force by Dr. Tyndall.
Tickets. 23c. 50c. 73c
VnhCJP D0NT- f AIL TO
1 U1UWV gee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/I (1(1 room, the EMPIRE
UUU PARLOR, the
r ' J PALM ROOM, the
llfaina LOUIS XV PAR-
U*l~1~ DIES' WRITING
Hotels room -
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
the soap which began its
sale in the i8th century,
sold all through the 19th
and is selling in the 20th.
Sells all OTer the world. '<£. J ¦¦-,
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
LYRIC HALL, Eddy St., Above MaBon.
~ EVERYMAN
. THE XV CENTURT MORALITY PLAY.
TO-NIGHT
Every Night at 8:30. Sundays Excepted.
Afternoons — Thursday and Saturday, at 3.
Reserved seats, fl, 41 &O. $1. At Sherman.
Clay & Co.'s, now on sale. for next week.
EXCURSION
— TO —
NAPA,
Given by the Napa Transportation Company,
SUNDAT. . Sept. 6. 1603. steamer ST. HEL-
ENA leaves Washtngton-st. wharf at S a. \ta.
Round-trip tickets. 50 cents. ' Two and a half
hours', stay at Napa. Tickets for sale at wharf.
GRAND EXCURSION
To : VALLEJO, on the new steamer SUNOL. j
SUNDAT. Sept. 6, 1903. Will visit all points
of;' Interest ' on ~- the bay. Lunch and ' refresh-
ments aboard the steamer. Music and dancing.
Round trip, 60c; children. 25c. Tickets ' for
sale In advance by M. A. TUCKER. Clay-st.
Wharf, . and also aboard steamer on Sunday
rooming. - Leaves Washington-st. Wharf, Pier
3. at 10:15 a. m. .
AMUSEMENTS.
'StSt* irlraffir h nw 62-— Jo __JIg9sn ¦naif nil & ¦ ¦'- 1
« T A>A6K«» _^i^.Tb SEPT. 12 T»>
CALIFORNIA* GREAT JGMCUlTUfiAL,
Horticultural, 0 livestock
_ ir Exposition.
p weeks °f:KuNNiN€ s Harness Racing f
MibiU feried free {o .^ siiop^
r^Ai%t^^m3 »* B.r.Ry Mnt
Ingleside
Coursing
Park.
96
Open Stake
And 24 CONSOLATION STAKE
SATURDAY and SUNDAY
Sept. 5 and 6.
First run-down en Eatunlay. beginning at
11 a. m. sharp. Sunday courslnf will begin at
10:30 sharp and continue tin last wlnnlnf flat
Eoes up.
TOTAL PRIZES«$935.00
All Mission-street cars transfer to Guerrero
cars, which to direct to tark.
THOMAS TIERNEY. Judre.
EDWARD 8H0R3TA0. Slipper.
IfALilFORNIA
I a Last Two Performances. S— \
W MIIA-X0SO8CO COXPAHT. f |
» FreaentiasT th« Great Flay.
*5 "Mrs. Dane's Defense." .T5
£Q Biggest Hit of All jgQ
fK Special Matinee To-day. OK
TSUHDAT---8QTRE DAME. ™.
First Time Hew. t^
ALCAZARTH^r
Gen. Marr.
TO-NIGHT— iMATINEE TO-DAY !
THIS WEEK AND NEXT.
"She Justified the enthusiasm."'— Chronicle.
FLORENCE
ROBERTS
In the First Local Production of
THE UNWELCOME MRS. HATCH.
Evgs., 2T.C to 75c; Matinees, 15c to 50c.
SEPT. lu — First Thursday Matinee of
D'Aniiunzlo'a Famous Play.
G1OCONDA
' : -:.y. TVhea Night Prices Will Prevail.
LAST FOUR TIMES OF
I "QUO VASS ISS" and f
I "THE BIG LITTLE PRINCESS" I
Next Monday Comes the New Hist Double BU
'THE GLAD HAND" AND
"THE CON-QCERERS."
Our All-Star" Cast, including
KOLB AND DILL.
BARNET BERNARD.
WINFIELD BLAKE.
HARRT HERMSEN.
MAUDE AMBER.
ELEANOR JENKINS.
ETC.. ETC., ETC.
RESERVED SEATS— Nights. 25c. 50c and
T5c. Saturday and Sunday Matinees 23c and
50c. Children at Matinees. 10c and 2.V.
SPECIAL MATINEE ADMISSION DAT.
Five Baby Lions in the Zoo.
A GREAT SHOW EVERT AFTERNOON
AND EVENINO IN THE THEATER.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
SEE THE CHINESE BABY
IN THE INFANT INCUBATOR.
Labor Day Fireworks
MONDAT NIGHT.
ADMISSION. 10c: CHTLDREN. 5c.
BASEBALL!
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
'recreation park,"
EIGHTH AND HARRISON
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
¦THURSDAT AND FRIDAT. 3:30 P. M.; SAT-
URDAT. 3:00 P. M.
SUNDAT 2:30 P. M.
OAKLAND vs. PORTLAND
LADIES* DATS THURSDAT AND FR1DAT.
Advance Sale. 3 Stockton st.
Weekly Call. $1 Der YearSUES FOR STATE TAXES.— The California
Powder Works Is the defendant In a suit for
delinquent State taxes brought yesterday by
Attorney General Webb. The 'amount alleged
to be due U «10,036.00 . . , _ •
Acquitted on Murder Charge.
. Lo Kim Sing, after a trial lasting. seven
days before a Jury In Judge Cook's court
on a charge of murder, was acquitted yes
terday afternoon. * He Was : defended . by
Attorney Gould. | Itwas his second trial,
the Jury In the' nrst trial having: dis
agreed. He was accused of shooting and
killing Chuck Shut at 31 Ross alley on
the morning of JCove^iber: 24 last ¦ during
the war between the Suey^On Tong-and
Ping 'Kong Ton*. ; >->
E. J. JIcGriskan. alias Shields, and Wil
liam B. Porter were Indicted yesterday by
the United States Grand Jury, the former
for forging a portal money order, and the
latter for addressing an Indecent letter to
a young woman. Both pleaded guilty and
*111 be sentenced this morning by United
States Di£trict Jud^e de Haven.
Two Federal Indictments.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 4.— Thomas Heeiman,
wanted at NaDa for the alleged' theft of a
horse and buggy, was arrested at Oak Park to
day, by Sheriff Reese »nd taken to the County
Jail.
Twenty" .Years -for - a Footpad.
LOS ANGELES, 'Sept. 4.— Walter Har
vey was to-day ' to twenty
years' imprisonment In San Quentin.
Harvey ' confessed :to waylaying and rob
bing Casper. Schautz, a teamster.
George Hellenberger, who was arrested
at ' Fourth and Townsend streets on
Thursday afternoon by Special Officer
Madden for stealing scrapiron,' caused a
sensation in Police Judge Mogan's court
yesterday by threatening to kill Madden
within a week after he got out of jail
The | Judge ordered him Into custody f or
contempt of court, and It took the com
bined efforts of Bailiffs HIckey and Ma
honey and Madden to drag him from the
courtroom to the City Prison. The Judge
will send him for examination before the
Insanity Commissioners.
Makes Threat in Court.
SAN JO§E. Sept. 4.— The First. Fifth aad
Twenty-fourth batteries of the Field Artillery
of. the Presidio, Captain Bennett commanding
arrived her* to-day, en route to Sargent's Sta
tion., where they will remain fifteen days for
field practice.
Cigar Smuggler Caught.
Patrick XrcArdle was arrested yesterday
by the United States Marshal on a war
rant Issued by United States Court Com
missioner Heacock charging him with
having -smuggled two packages containing
fifty Mexican cigars from on board the
steamer Curacao. He was stopped bv
customs officers when coming down the
gangplank of the Curacao and the cizara
were found under his, coat between hia
shoutBers, the package giving him a
humpbacked appearance.
Secrete Complaining: Witness.
When the case of Louis Vidot, charged
with prand larceny, was called before
Police Judge Mogan yesterday Policeman
Klynn, who made the arrest. Informed the
Judge that Edmund RJ\oaleu. the com
plaining witness, had been spirited away
by Vldot's friends. Louis Dutllleul. 15«4
Berry street, where Rlvoaleu was stop
ping, told Flynn that several of Vldot's
friends called at th«> house, piled Rlvoaleu
with liqour and carrk-d him away. It Is
suspected that Ri\'oal<Mj. who is a sailor
has beon taken on board some vessel
.'ibout to leave the port. The case was
< ontlnued till September 10 to give the po
lir* a ctunice to find Rivoaleu.
Attacked With a Knife.
Thomas J. Hawkins, a runner for an
outfitting establishment at Jackson and
Battery streets, secured a warrant from
Police Judge Fritz yesterday for the ar
rest of Thomas J. Newman, proprietor of
a .sailors' boarding-house at 76' Jackson
street, on a charge' of battery. Hawkins
alleges that Newman' came to his room
at 625 Davis street about 2 o'clock yes
terday mornlngand attacked him a knife,
cutting a gash in his scalp. Newman got
into trouble recently by making false
charges against Courtenay J. Bennett, the
British- Consul, which he had to retract: in
open court. •
Camp Vacation.
Camp Vacation. Is' still open and will remain
open till September 30. At no time has the
climate been more delluhtfnl than it is now
along the Ruwian River,, from Forestvllie to
Guemevllle to Camp Vacation— these latter
months of the year belnjf.-in fact, the preferred
months. ....
There is boating, all- along and between
iGuemeVille and Campwacatlon. four miles la
a stretch. The water I* Ju»t right for bathing
and black ba«» are freely caught. The night*
are lovely and Venice never furnished any
pleasure greater than Is experienced here in
the evening gently gliding In a boat over the
placid waters of the' river above the dam
The trains of the California Northwestern
Ry. wffl continue running direct to the Camp
till the end of the month. Take boat at Tlbu
ron Ferry. . • . *\ •
OLD EIVALS ENGAGE
ON CRICKET FIELD
Pacific and Alameda Teams to Meet
To-Morrow for Fourth Time
This Season.
The Pacific and Alameda cricket teams
will meet to-morrow for the fourth time
during the present season, on- the Web
ster-street grounds, Alameda. The Pacific
Club's representatives will be H. C. Cas»
idy. captain; A/W. Wilding-, H. D. Bow
ly. E. T. Langdale, F. Bennlon, W. Peth
eri'k, W. Jamieson, Dr. O.'N. Taylor, C.
C. Y. Williamson, J. J. Theobald and W.
G. Fortmann. The eleven of the Alameda
Club will be made up from the following:
Harold Ward, captain; F. J. Croll, W. J.
Riehter. J. H. Saunders, W. Cowle, F. A.
Stahl, J. Brown, B. Bird, W. H. Mc-
Naughton, J. U. Bird. CJ Banner and A.
E. Acklom. The match will be played
with much keenness, as a victory will put
the Alameda Club near the top of the
percentage table for the pennant of 1903.
Some attempt was made 'to arrange a
cricket match for Admission day, but so
many of the players have other engage
ments for the holiday that 'it is probable
no match will be played. On Sunday, thfc
13th Inst, the Santa Cruz eleven will play
its last engagement of the present season
against the San Francisco County eleven
on the ground at Webster, street, Ala
meda. .. » ¦
BRITISH TABS IN JAU,
WILL BE DEPOBTED
Immigrant Commissioner North "Will
Apply Secretary Cortelyou's Itaia
to Five Sailor Smugglers.
The recent ruling of Secretary Cortel
you that when an alien immigrant is sent
to jail in this country within three years
after his arrival he becomes a charge upon
the state and must be deported will be en
forced against five sailors, members of
the crew of the British ship Dumfrieshire.
who are now in the County Jail on an in
dictment charging them with smuggling
10O pounds of white lead. The sailors
pleaded guilty in the United States Dis
trict Court and were sentenced to pay a
fine of $30 each, in default of the payment
of which they were ordered imprisoned m
the County Jail until the fine shall have
been paid. At the expiration of thirty
days' imprisonment they make take the
pauper's oath, which will entitle them to
be released.
Duncan E. McKinlay. who had charge
of the prosecution, reported the facts to
United States Immigrant Commissioner
Hart H. North, and the men. being British
subjects, will be deported as soon as they
are discharged from jail. Their names are
Tim Summerly, John Phelan. S. A. Peter
son. John Wilson and Tilly Jorgeson.
ANGLERS will be glad to learn that
the famous trout streams of the
State are in no immediate danger
of being depleted. The California
State Fish Commission has Just completed,
its annual distribution of trout fry. A
total of 3,200.000 have been liberated. Of
this number one-tenth were Eastern brook
trout. Anglers can put away their Leon
ard rods for the season knowing their fa
vorite sirearns will be replenished against
the time they go fishing again next year.
There are 5.0JO.QQO salmon eggs at Sis
son hatcherv. It is expected this num
ber will be increased to 20,000.000 before
December. This immense number will go
to increase the seneral food supply of
the State. The success of the commis
sion in propagating salmon is shown by
the Increased pack of the canneries year
by year. - and also by the number of
pounds of salmon sold in this city at
prices which r^ace this flsh at the dis
posal nf the masses.
The Fish Commi33ion is making ar
rangements to secure a sufficient number
of grayling to make a plant in California
waters. The grayling Is a member of
the trout family and is found chiefly in
Montana and all the waters north of that
point. It is about the size of. a rainbow
and Is expected to thrive in the mountain
streams nf the Sierras.
John Bmler Is on his annual trip to
Eel River In ouest of steelheads. John
Marsden is also at Eel River.
Charles Newman. Mr. O'Brien and Louis
Deane are at the Country Club at Verdi.
Floyd Judah, the well known railroad
official, and W. I. Lembkey of Pribiloff
Island. Alaska, leave to-day for two
weeks' hunting and fishing. During their
trip they will visit Klamath Lake. Pell
can Bay # Crater Lake and the William
son River.
P. J. Tormey and Dr. Basford are fish
ing the coast streams from the Garcia to
Kel River.
Judge Cooper and son have gone to
Klamath Hot Springs and Pelican Bay
for trout.
Al Cummine is In the Sierra Valley,
where he h»a enjoyed good fishing for
years. \
v;?h the Quf-en and one or two other
boats, will endeavor to reach Walnut
Grove. They vrtll fail up the San Joa^uin
into Moktlumrje Hirer, thence through
'J^orglana Slough to their destination. On
th* return trip the intention is to sail
through the old river.
The start will be made this afternoon, j
and those of the yachtsmen who are
obliged to return to Kan Francisco- on j
llonday wIIJ pa^a through Montezuma ;
f-'lough. Those who can get Tuesday n«-xt •
as <a holiday will have four clear days i
and part of a fifth for the cruise.
The Corir.thiaxs have no «ver.t Mt
down on thc-lr schedule for to-day, to
morrow or Monday, but those yachtsmen
•rbo do not na.ll In the Pacific Interclub
Yacht AtBoclation r*-ga.tta. on Admission j
riay will avail themselves of the opportu- |
f.ity to rruise to ion« of their favorite
.'mrhoragr:*.
The California Yacht Club has a crulne
to Lakeville- on Its schedule. The boats I
will Btart to-day and return on Monday, i
On Adrnisflon day the eighth annual ro
patta of the Pacific Interclub Yacht As
pncl&tion will be sailed over the usual
courses. The start will b* at the fire of
a rlnjrle gun. and the time of each yacht
will be reckoned from the time of Its
t&amm. The yawl* will have a ~*p*clal
'I&sb, Including all boats of that rig hav
ing a racing length of forty feet or lea*,
no allowances being made for the rig.
The yacht which takes first prize in the
twenty-foot «jx-clal clax* will receive the
Herbert E. Law sIK-er cup, a prize pen
nant ar.d a certificate. The yachts which
win In the other classes will receive the
rt;p« pwnted by Joj^ph M. Macdon
ough,- prize pftr.nants and certificates. The !
r>cat taking second place in Its class will
receive the pennant of the Pacific Inter
club Yacht Association for 1503 ana a cer
tificate. The twenty-footers will race ove r
a FpeciaJ flve-m!!ft course, but the larger
boats will cover a longer course, those of
ttt<» twenty-flve-foot class and the yaw) '
olami sailing ten nautical miles, and those j
of th» thirty-foot. th!rty-*lx foot and '
forty-four-f.>ot classes sailing fourteen I
nautical mile*.
Th* Judges and officials will b» con
veyed around the course on a pass'-ncer
rteamcr, whirh will be at Powell street
¦Rharf one hour before {he reg-atta starts.
Any person <?f«!rlng to view the ra<v>s
from the steamer may do ko by purchas
ing j ticket from any of the delegates of
the Pacific Interclub Yacht Association
f>r at tho boat on r<-g-atta day. Th-» oC
f.r^TK of the Dssorialion for the season of
WMJM are the following: T. J. Kara, j
naugh of the Corinthian Yaeht Club
rrfKidcr.t: S. K. Smith of the South Hay 1
Yacht Club. vi<e president; R. R. j'Hom
m^dieu of the California Yacht Cub sec
r'-tary, and T. L. Hill of the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club, treasurer. The regat
ta committee consists of George K.
Rmith of the San Francisco Yacht Club!
B, MMfllemas of the /Jorinthi.un Yarht
C!ub, R. H. I'llommedifu. Louis Sonnik
•ea of the South Bay Yaeht Club and P
J. Wrnlger of the Vallejo Ya-htlng and
Koatinjf Club.
players were conspicuously, absent all the
ev*-nts were well contested and no friction
of any kind arose.
Among the notable absentees was C. E.
Maud, who has won more than one Del
Monte cup, holds the amateur, champion
i-.hip of the Pacific Coast Golf Associa
tion and was second for the op*n cham
pionship last year, being beaten by only
two ptrokes by F. J. Reilly. the winner.
Aw he had b*-en making Del, Monte his
h*-adriuart';rs for some weeks before the
middle of August and was quite familiar
with the course it is hisfhly probable he
would have earned th* title pt open
champion.
It f(-pui» remarkable that among the
contestants for the Del Monte cup for
men th^re was not a single m<-ral*r of
tho Oakland Golf Club, though It was said
the Folger brothers had been practicing
over the course. J. A. Folger was kept
away by duty on the Federal Grand Jury,
but Erniit R. Fo1«t. F. S. Stratton. R.
M. Fitzgerald. W. P. Johnson. C. P. Hub
bard, J. O. Cartman and other strong
Oakland players were all absent The
twenty-two amateur contestants for the
Del Monte cup' for men included eleven
northerners, ten southerners and one
Scotchman, now- a resident of Merced.
In the contest for the Del Monte cup
for women eight ladles entered, all except
Mrs. E. T. Perkins (formerly Mrs. Jean
W. Bowers of Garvanza) and Miss Mar
garet Hately of Chicago being from San
Francisco or neighborhood. The play was
excellent, it being generally remarked
that the ladie* were off the course less
frequently than the men. Miss Edith
Ch'jw-brough, the winner, played a clean,
accurate gam".
The new Hghteen-hole . course, which
was first played on In competition during
the golf week, Is a most picturesque and
interesting one. In many places the fair
green Is soft and a well-played ball may
find a difficult lie; while, owing to the
fact that the teeing grounds and dense
chaparral are to the right, slicing Is often
cruelly punished. But after a winter's
rain has compacted the ground the fair
green will be excelle nt, and the course is
wide enough for a straight. player. The
turfed putting greens are unusually large
an«l are already In fine condition.
Dr. J. It. Clark and Mrs. Clark tied for
the prize? offered in the ante-breakfast
tournament of the San Francisco Golf
Club. Mm. Clark's score was, as follows;
4?, 6li 4S, 53. 49, 45. 46. 49, 52. 48, gross 4W*.
1«ps a handicap of 70. net 418. Dr. J. It.
Clark's score was: 44, 4%. 45. 47, 40, 46, 41,
33. 45, 4.1. total 438, less 20, net 418. /
SCOTTISH howling, for which the
Commissioners of Golden Gate
Park in their beneficence provided
a home in the public playground,
has thrived beyond all expectations.
While the game will not develop
a set of muscles such as violent physical
exercise will bring out, it_has many ad
vantages. It takes its devotees out of
doors Into the sunshine and the fresh air,
and affords gentle exercise under condi
tions restful to the eyes and the nerves,
strained in the rush and worry of the
world. The devotees of the healthful pas
time are drawn from all classes of so
ciety, running the gamut from ministers
to men of more lowly callings.
Last season play on the. park green
wan confined almost exclusively to Sat
urday afternoons. With the 'development
of the game this did not satisfy the play
ers, so this year the green has presented
an anim&ted appearance every evening.
Play has been continued In th- deepen
ing twilight until the course of the bowls
could no longer be determined. The park
green will accommodate forty-eight play
ers, «nd there are usually half that num
ber awaiting their turn ttl the game.
The standard of play Is maintained by
tournaments, each of which extends over
several months. One in which sixty-four
players took part and which was finished
recently was won by T. C. Lawson, pres
ident of the San Francisco Scottish Bowl-
Ing Club. Another, with a like number
of entries, is already under way. Matches
are played at the convenience of the con
testants, but the first round must be
completed before the 12th Inst. The final
game must be played before November 14.
Enthusiasts in Oakland organized a
club, with James P. Taylor as president.
Having no available public park, the
members purchased a piece-of ground and
laid out a green, upon which thirty-two
players can compete at one time. The
grounds will be opened for play on Ad
mission day, when the best sixteen play
ers from this cJty will meet a like num
ber of the home club in a special match.
/Hone Company during the summer. His
loss would prove almost Irreparable, as
he is nrobablv the- hardest line bucker
and best punter on the team.
The loss of former Captain Lee. Guard
Barnhlsel. Tackle McFadden and "Guiby"
Dole, Ends Kartell and Magee and Half
back "Pie" Smith has left. a considerable
work of reconstruction for the coaches—
practically a new team will have to be
built up.
The weather has been .so v warm.^and
sultry during the week that hard practice
has been an impossibility. The heavy
work will not begin for several days, the
Intervening time being used in light prac
tice that will harden the men and rende*
them capable of standing scrimmage
work. The field at present is fast, per
haps too hard to play 'a .game upon, but
It will "be covered with sawdust <o avoid
unnecessary bruises resulting to the play
ers. . • '.'-"¦¦'¦-: ¦-
THE California Coursing Committee
stake, the first of the important cours
ing events of the winter season, will
be run at Union Coursing Park on the
20th inst. The park on that occasion will
be under the control of the committee.
This is the first benefit it has had during
its existence of five years and the of
ficials hope to see it well supported both
by greyhound owners and by others in
terested in the sport.
The committee Is made up of twenty
fcur delegates and associate members,
each of whom will be represented by the
pick of the greyhounds of the West. In
addition to the members' stake there will
be an open and a consolation event.
Cecil Lyon of Sherman, Tex., president
of the American Coursing Board, and L.
F. Barteis of Denver will be among the
prominent men represented. Pocatelli
will run as the nomination of P. J. Reil
ly if he recovers from his injuries in time.
J. R. Dlckson, the dean of California
coursing, will be represented by A. R.
Curtis' Rector. Judge John Grace will
name George Xethercott's Barge.
A. R. Curtis has sold Anchor, one of the
few greyhounds of Skyrocket blood still
in the running, to H. Pechner.
Joseph Shea has sold Belfast to L. Be
rcmlo.
M. C. Delano has named the pick of his
Fortuna Favente-Golden Russet puppies
Hudson. This is pronounced the finest
lcoklng puppy Mr. Delano has ever raised
and many noted ones have come from
his kennel.
J. J. Lavln, the St. Louis coursing man,
has purchased a 'promising brindle- puppy
by Fortuna Favente from Ralph Orth
weln. The latter is disposing of his ex
tensive kennel.
The Interstate Coursing Club officials
have announced the following committees
as having charge of two of their forth
coming events: Futurity— J. R. Dickaon.
E. Hood and W. H. Kocher; John Grace
challenge cup— J. H. Rosseter, W. H.
Kocher and Victor Noble.
The card at Union Coursing Park for
to-morrow is fairly bristling with class.
The injury to Pocatelli will probably pre
vent the Nethercott crack from appear
ing on the field with Palo Alto. With this
exception and that of Sacramento Boy
the majority of the hounds with any pre
tentions to class will start. The first
brace will be slipped upon the arrival of
the 10:15 a. m. train. The likely winners
look to be:
Fair Tralee. Vina, Roman Athlete, Haphaz
ard, Belle Free. Royal Archer, Algy McDon
ald. Palo Alto. Rubber ' Ankles. Keno. Roy
Hughle. Real Article. Golden Light. Flaunt,
Dear Gaston. Trotting Bob, Mickey Free. Bea
con. Tralee Boy. False Alarm. Semproniu.x.
Vandal, Stiver Cloud. Master Rocket, Fenll.
Rector. Reta S. Lord Brazen. Cloverdale, Red
Hock, Liberator, Silver Heels.
A well balanced stake with ninety-six
entries will be run down once to-day at
Ingleside Park. After the run down
twtnty-four of the forty-eight losers will
be drawn for a consolation number. The
running to-day will commence at 11
o'clock. The likely winners look to be:
Gambit. Advance Guard. Lord Goff Jingle
Bells, Black Coon. Fannie Hughie, Our Motto
Miss Wilson, Concord Boy. Flora Belle Bon
nif Hughle, Yukon. Fernbrook. Flower of
Kerry. Doc Burns. Manhattan Kins. Toronto,
Queen's Motto. Belfast, Firm Fellow, Slsklvou'
Kquator, Young Buck, Pine Pearl. Idaho Boy'
Tobasco Bob. Odd Eyes. Tom Hurlick Whit*
Hat. Piker, Little Plunger, Cubanola. Shadow
Full Moon. Haddlngton. Snapper Garrison Bon
nie Pasha. Wattles*. Adonis, Lulu Girl Hene
jrade Apache. Cascade. Topsy Turvy, McHenry
Slievenamon, Roxana. Doreen, Glaucus.
AMONG the Califomians present at the
recent -regatta at Astoria was the
well-known Dolphin oarsman and
sculler A.' W. Pape. Although he
viewed the races there with much Inter
<st he did not take any part in them.
Leander Stevenson was a'.so at Astoria
and arranged a match to take place be
tween Gloss of the Portland Rowing Club
and Pape some time next year, either in
San Francisco or Portland. Gloss ha-s
been doing such good work in the single
shell lately in British 'Columbia, at Porf
land and at Astoria that he would have
several backers in Portland, while Pape
has many warm supporters In Snn r"raji
clsco.
There is considerable variation Jn the
length of the racing sheik used by dif
ferent scullers. Gloss. of Portland uses
one of the new short boats, twenty-six
feet In length, while Patton of the same
place -pulls in an old -style boat thirty
two feel long. Pipe's shell is thirty feet
long, but most of the scullers in tlv;
Eastern States are using twenty-eight
foot craft. Pape looks thin .and some
r.hat worn out by the heat of the sum
mer spent In the Eastern States, but ex
pects to rpgaln his lost weight in Calfor
nla. • -
Gloss, the Portland single sculler, who
had been beaten a short time previously
by De Bressey at Victoria, B. C. turned
the . tables on his opponent at Astoria.
On Wednesday he beat him clearly by a
length or two, but as, there were no
Judges at the finishing line De Bressey
claimed it was no race. The i next das-
Gloss and De Bressey pulled again. Pat
ton of Portland and Springer of Van
couver being also in the race. Gloss took
the lead, but near the finish a Whitehall
boat crossed his bows, delaying him, and
a little later stopped De Bressey. It wa3
ordered that the race should be rowed
over. On 'the third 7 occasion Gloss was
leading and' was about one furlong from
th'e finishing line .when De Bressey ran
into a box that was floating about, break-
Ing his shell and having to be picked up.
The oarsmen of San Francisco Bay ex
pect to be taking part in four-oared shell
races next year. The Ariel Rowing Club
has purchased a four-oared paper shell,
which,, while It Is not new, is a good boat
and can be put into, excellent condition.
The ? Alameda Boat i Club - oarsmen are
ready, to take up shell ".racing, and the
University of California. and the Olympic
beat clubs will, also do. so. Next year
the oarsmen of San. Francisco- Bay will
be able to compete In {the same races as
the crews from. British Columbia, Seattle,
Portlands and other, places.
The" Alameda oarsmen are pleased with
the treatment .received at Astoria, where
they won the. barge races on two days.
They twere 1 not able to take part in the
outrig'ged skiff races, as the steamer on
which; they returned" to'- San Francisco
left .Astoria before, the skiff events took
place/ JThe Alameda i dub. In whose cus
tody is the Mackle challenge cup. won In
October of !ast year, at the Olympic Boat
Club's regatta at Belvedere, is waiting to
hear from the Olympics with regard to a
race for it. ''¦•-..¦ i
BERKELEY, Sept. 4.-The task of
forming z. football-, ?'iw-n to meet
the Stanford team began with the
linlng-up of the men at the Univer
sity of California on Tuesday. Graduate
Manager Decoto, Trainer Christie, Coach
Wblpple and his assistant, Percy Hall, de
cided that in^order to win they must get
their materials together early, and so they
laid out their plans accordingly. Brom
now on' until the great trial of skill and
strength In November both men and their
trainers will be busy.
California is lucky In having most of
last year's . veterans still in college, be
ssides most of the second-team men, who
were almost as good as the varsity. Of
the line men there remain Captain Over
all, Stow, Stroud, Howard, Demeritt and
Hudson. The exceptions are Albertson
and Heitmuller,- who graduated. Hudson
did not expect to return to college and
he was counted upon as lost to the team,
but at the last minute he decided to come
back, bo that the" team will retain one- of
its ablest men.
For backs the team will have the stars
of last year— Mini, More, Muther and Ris
ley. Mini is a graduate student, but
eligible to play another year, and though
he f-ays he will not play again the col
lege Is confident he can be prevailed upon
to change his mind. The loss of Sherman
Is likely to be keenly felt, as he did great
work last year.
The gaps in the line and back of It will
be filled by men who had a jot of experi
ence on last year's substitute list. For
the line there will be Phillips, Force.
Saben, Mlddleton, Craig. Burke and
Oliver, all of whom played In varsity
form, but did not quite make the team.
For backs there will be »iich candidates
as Belknap, Boynton, White and Glllls.
The outlook for the freshman team Is
not quite so bright. There does not seem
to be any secondary school stars such as
there have been in former years, though
the crop' may 'yield some good ones. A
good deal was , expected from Kenneth
Hamilton, who played with the California
School of ."Mechanical Arts and the Re
liance team, but he has been found to be
Ineligible to play becaus^_he Is only a
special student and also played profes
sional baseball last summer in the North
west. Claude 'Kern, a player who made
a name for himself on the Berkeley High
School and Lick School . teams, is about
the only other, freshman of whom any
thing is known. Until the men line-up for
a w/iek .or so it will be hard to tell Just
what material the coaches, will "have to
deal with.
From the way things look now there
will be any amount of football excitement
during the «ayn, There will be at least
five teann .for the varsities to meet
STANFORD' UNIVERSITY, Sept 4 —
The football season of 1903 Is fairly on at
Stanford and dally practice will be the
order from now until the culmination of
the season's work in the contest with
Berkeley on November 14. The Cardinal,
as Head Coach Lanagan remarked at the
football rally on Monday night, has a
hard uphill tight to make If it hopes to
corne out victorious. Several of the old
varsity players have left college and no
"stars" have appeared with the entering
class to fill their places. U -..%;.%
Nevertheless there are a number of
hardworking determined men appearing
on the gridiron every night and under
the skilful tutelage of Coaches Lanagan
and Slaker a thoroughly coached and
well-trained team may be expected to de
velop. The coaches will Insist on the
strictest observance of training rules bo
that Stanford will have a thoroughly
worthy and representative eleven in the
Held. V-v
While California Is fortunate In having
practically an entire veteran team, Stan
ford Is correspondingly unfortunate In
having but six of the fourteen men who
played- In ! last November's game out on
th.i field this fall. The members of last
ye/r's team who are In the game again
this year are: • L. P. Bansbach, '04, cap
tain and quarterback; C." D. Hauverman,
'04, center; G. H. Clark. '04. end; W. Dole
'05, halfback: ..W. K. Sprott, '06,- tackle,
and Paul Tarpey, '05, halfback. ' ¦ R. a.
Thompson, '04, .who played guard on the
1901 varsity, , has returned to college and
will try for a position . on the big team.
A. B. C. McGllvray, '04, Stanford's crayk
fullback, has not decided definitely wheth
er he will return to college: he has been
engaged ¦ In • business" with the • McGllvray
State Board Plants More
Than Five Million Game
Fish in the Coast Waters
MEN PROMINENT AMONG THE
NUMEROUS DEVOTEES OF
SCOTTISH BOWLING.
Will Send Fleetest. Grey
hounds to Slips for Rich
Stakes of Winter Season
Receive Kindly Treatment
From the iManagement of
the Regatta at Astoria
Northern Californians Win
a Liberal Share of the,
¦
Rewards of the Victors I
Gridiron Stars of the Two
Univeisities Anticipate a
Great Season of the Sport
GOLF week at Del Monte passed oft
successfully. While there were not
quite eo many golfers as there
should have b»en and some excellent
TROUT STREAMS
ARE REPLENISHED
BY COMMISSION
LEASHMEN READY
FOR MANY EVENTS
OF IMPORTANCE
CITY ROWING MEN
BRING BACK GOOD
ACCOUNT OF TRIP
DEL MONTE GOLF
TOURNEY BRINGS
OUT /300D PLAYERS
COACHES PREPARE
FOOTBALL TEAMS
FOR EARLY GAMES
Annual Regatta of Inter-
Club Association to Be
Sailed on Admission Day
SOME ',*. the jachtemen of the San
Frtncisro Ciub will avail themselves
of the Labor <!ay holidays to make
extpr.dfcd irlirk. The f!au«his> Theti*.
MANY YACHTSMEN
WILL MAKE LONG
HOLIDAY CRUISES
THE_SA2> FBAXCISCO CABL, SATURDAY. SEPTEMBER 5. 1903.
SCOTTISH BOWLING ATTRACTS MANY DEVOTEES TO GOLDEN GATE PARK GREEN
8SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA TENNIS EXPERTS WHO WILL, COMPETE
ON THE SAN RAFAEL COURTS THIS MORNING IN THE SEMI
FINAL ROUND OF THE WOMEN'S CHAMPIONSHIP DOUBLES.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 4.— Sam Morris,
the Nez Pcrce Indian who pitched two
games pome, weeks ago, has , been signed
by the' Portland team of the Pacific Coast
League. He left for San Francisco to-;
night to Join the team.
Indian to Pitch for Portland.
Pitcher Johnson's brief career with the
Oakland tears has come to a sudden end.
The l»Ie fel'ow started for his home In
Iowa yesterday afternoon and will be seen
"here no more this season. Johnson as&ed
for h!« release, telling Peter his wife was
Kick and fhat he wanted to go. He was al
lowed to depart, and the Cripples' pitch
lug ftiff is weakened once more."
Pitcher Johnson leaves Oakland.
NEW YORK, Sept. 4.— John B. McCor
mlck ("Macon"), the eportlng editor, died
to-day at Bath Beach from Bright's dis
ease. He was born in Cincinnati In 1857.
For twenty years he was connected with
the Cincinnati Enquirer, and while on the
staff of that paper he had much to do
with bringing out John It. Sullivan. After
he had retired from active newspaper
life he became identified with theatrical
work.
Sporting Writer Dies.
EEA GIRT, N. J., Sept. 4.— All previous
records in the number of competitors in
an individual contest were broken to-day,
when 113 rifiemen reported at the firing
line to compete in the Wimbledon cup
match for the famous trophy presented
by the National Rifle Association of
Great Britain, to be shot for under the
auspices of the National Rifle Association
of America. Each competitor was re
quired to fire twenty shots a thousand
yards. The cup was won by Cap
tain Richards of Ohio, who scored a total
of SI out of a possible 100.
Bichards Is Bine Champion.
Major Delmar, to 2:02% in a trial
exhibition to-day against his own
record of 2:04. The fourth day of tho
Grand Circuit meeting here was further
made memorable by Dan It, which paced
the first heat of the free-for-all in 2:01«i.
Major Delmar, between two runners,
started out to beat his own record of
2:04. He went to a break on the first
trial! His second attempt found him
steady and ho forced the runners time
after time to increase their speed. He
went to the quarter in :30%, to the half
In :53%. He reached the three-quarter
mile pole in 1:30*4, finishing strongly in
2.-O2V4. Summary:
¦ 2:24 cltisa trot: purse, $1000; three In flve
Kamaresk won the first, third and fourth heats
in 2:14%, 2:16>4. 2:1G%. Klnley Mac won tha
second heat in 2:13%. Horace .Wilson. Ber
muda Maid and Albert E also started.
2:1G clas» pace; purse, $1000; three -in flve
(unfinished) — Centrlflo woa^the first and third
hots in 2:09%. Annie M. A., won. the fourth
heat in 2:10Vj. Merry Master won the second
heat In 2:07Vi. Lord Gentry won the fifth
heat In 2:13%. Barnadett, - Cotillion, Double S
and Joe Slbley also started.
Free-for-all pace; purse, $1500; two in three
Prince Alert won the second and third heats
In 2:03*4. 2:03%. Dan R won the first h«>at
In 2:01%. Harold H. Darlel, Knox 8 and gel
atine Klne also started. ' ¦' .
2:12 class trot; purse. $1000; two In three
PHOVIDENCE, R. I. t Sept. 4.-The
world's trotting record for geldings
was lowered by the bay gelding,
SAN JOSE, Sept. 4.— Thomas Dunbar,
who came to California in 1844, was be
fore Justice Davison this morning on a
charge of disturbing the peace. He halis
from Half moon Bay. and came to San
Jose to join the; Native Sons In their fes
tivities on Admission' day. He started
out to see the sights Thursday night and
when arrested early ; this morning'; was
threatening to whip three or four men In
a North , Market-street , saloon. \
. Dunbar Is 88 years i of age and . cam© to
this State with the Murphy, party." He
helped "to raise., the bear flag at S^onoma
and fought under Fremont. He" was v one
of the men ,. tbat-.went to _ the rescue of
the Donner party. •• Dunbar, ,who is hale
and hearty, carries with him a man«an
ita cane cut from the grave of Marshall,
the discoverer of gold. ; ¦ :.¦
', Justice pavison dimissed ,,the charge.
Dunbar .announced - his Intention of re
maining: to celebrate .Admission" day.
{unfinished)—^Promise* Won the first 'heat- In
2:11*4. -Van Zandlei Belle Kuser, Dick Berry,
Pugh, Dainty Datto, Anna , ; T tld, Cpzad, Lill
bars and Crescent also started. •"
Begins Admission Day Celebration
' Too Early and Is Charged With
Disturbing the Peacef
AGED PIONEER IS HALED
INTO COURT a-£ SAN JOSE
Major Delmar Clips a Sec
ond and a Half From. His
Previous Fastest Time
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 4.-S. P. West, about
thirty years old, and who claims to be
long to a well-known family of Rcdlands,
was arrested to-night on a charge of
obtaining money under false pretenses.
¦\Vest has been here a week or ten days
and it Is believed that he has been
gambling considerably. Last night he
succeeded in working off two checks on
a saloon-keeper named Cannon. When
Cannon found this morning that West
had no money In the bank on which the
checks were drawn he turned them over
to Chi* f of Police Thomas and Detective
Cooley soon had West behind the bars.
West acknowledged the crookedness of
the transaction without attempting to ex
cuse it.
S. P. West Is Arrested at San Diego
on Charge of Obtaining Money
Under False Pretenses.
PASSES TWO WORTHLESS
CHECKS ON SALOON-KEEPER
Billy de-»Coursey of Los Angeles to
night in fifteen rounds. 'De Coursey was
not' knocked out, but was so clearly de
feated that to avoid the possibility of an
accident. Police Captain .Auble instructed
Referee Eyton. to stop the. light and give
a decision. Eyton promptly declared Nell
the winner.
The fight was -Interesting at all stages,
though not as exciting as. the crowd,ex
pected, owing to. the peculiar style of
Neil, who is essentially, a body fighter.
The boxers were at close range from the
beginning to the end of every round. Nell
was the aggressor at all times, and while
De Coursey made one of tho gamest fights
ever seen here, the little champion held
him safe at all stages.
There was a great deal of clinching and
covering up at close range, but whenever
the referee separated them, Neil was
upon his man immediately. . He would
shoulder into clinches and in the break
away place his head upon De Coursey's
chest and slammed him on the body with
both hands. After De Coursey had been
severely punished in the body and
knocked down several times he assumed a
decided crouch, but in doing so left his
face unguarded to Neil's assault of short
arm blows. Neil fought like a champion
at every stage and even though he had
De Coursey groggy many times and .pent
him down for . the count repeatedly, he
took no chances of one of the local man's
wild swings.
A crowd of five thousand spectators
cheered the decision of Referee Eyton. v
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 4.-Frankle Nell
of San Francisco, champion bantam
weight pugilist of the world, defeated
San Francisco Boy Is the
Aggressor Throughout and
Never Lets Opponent Rest
' Stolen bases — ' O'Hara, Mosklman. Blake,
Schwart2. Francks, Lee. Errors — Mosklmaa
(It). Holllngsworth. Two-base hlta— Lohman;
Murdock. .Sacrifice hits—Van Buren, Francks.
First base on errors — Portland 3. . First base on
called balls— Off Lee. 3; eff Loucks. 1. Left on
bases Oakland 6, Portland 7. Struck out — By
Lee 1; by Loueks, 3. Hit by pitcher — Messer
• ry Van Buren. Double plays — Anderson • to
HolHnxs worth; Moskiman to Schwartz to Mes
¦erly (2); Francis to Holllngswcrth to Elsey.
Totals.20 2 7 27 17 1 Totals. 30 1 6 24 13
% RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland .....~. 0' 0;0 0 0 0 0 1 0—1
Base hits. 0 0 2,0 '1 1 0 1 0- 5
Oakland .-.;.... 1 0 p 1 0 0 0 p x— 2
Base hits 2 0 12 010 1 x— 7
• " SUMMARY.
A two-sack*er of the real Texas League
kind from the bav of Peter . Lohman
chased another home in the fourth, the
one that won the game.
The Brownies did not make good till
the eighth, when, with a man on second
and third and. two gone to the bench,
Francis soaked the leather out to left
garden, scorlne one. The other ' player,
Anderson, was nailed at the rubber, and
all was eloom for the Brownies. The
score: - - V*^. ; :
Oakland— Portland —
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
O'Hara,cf 3 12 0 0 Blake, rf 2 0 10 0
Francks.8 3 0 0 4 7 V Burn.cf 2 0 0 0 0
Mkmn.Sb 4 O. 3 0 3 Kadeau.lf 4 1 12 0
Shwtz,2b 4 10 6 8|Andsn,2b 4 O 12 3
Murdk.rf 4 0 10 1 Ftncls.3b 2 0 12 1
Meerly.lb 2 0 0 9 0 Holswh.a 4 0 0 4 4
Lohmn,c 3 0 18 1 Elsey, lb 4 0 0 10 1
Kruger.lf 3 0 0 2 1 Shea, c 4 0 1 4 1
Lee p... 3 0 0 1 1 Loucks, p 3 0 0 0 3
Dr. Mosklman had a disastrous day at
third and committed two errors that were
bad ones. To offset this he landed square,
ly on the solar plexus of the leather
thrice and they were all good ones. He
brought in the first Cripple tally In the
first by scoring Willie O'Hara f rop sec
ond base, where he landed by means of a
hit and a sacrifice. .->;-
formance took yesterday at Recrea
tion Park. Instead of many bingles and
dummy work on the bags 'the fans were
treated to *» little pitchers* battle, sea
soned by some fast and sensational field
ing. Score: Oakland 2, Portland 1.
Mr. Lee* handed the Brownies a few
they could not assimilate. The lazy man
with the artful swing and the slow and
tiresome motion was in his element. He
would have" given the Brownies the blank
only Dr. Mosklman put a little additional
steam In one of his whips to. the first
bag during tho progress of the eighth
Inning and this alone broke up the win
ning combination.
Loucks, the deep sea twirler with the
famous "spit ball"— calculated to dimin
ish batting averages and break batsmen's
hearts — was not such a howling success
as he has been touted. lie appeared for
the" first time at the Eighth-street lot
yesterday and the Cripples got him when
they wanted him. He used a fasf ball
most of the time and did not show any
curves. But for some cracking good field
ing the Cripples would have made him
look likp a dub.
THE. talent wasted all Its hitting abil
ity in Thursday's game. That could
be easily seen by the turn the per-
Moskiman's Error and Fran
cis' Timely Hit Save Port
land From a Whitewash
BROWNIES UNABLE
TO LOCATE LEE'S
TORTUOUS CURVES
CHAMPION NEIL
HANDILY DEFEATS
BOXER DE COURSEY
ANOTHER RECORD
IS BROKEN BY A
HARNESS HORSE
Men's singles, eeml finals — A. E. Bell beat
Grant Smith, 2-6, 6-4, 6-2, 3-6, 6-2; Percy Mur
flock beat R. N. Whitney. . 6-3, C-2, 6-4.
Women's doubles, preliminary round— Mias
Florence Button and Miss Dobbins beat Miss
Kdwards and Miss Hotchkiss, 6-2, 6-4;- Mrs. and
&llss Seymour beat Miss Valleau ¦. and Miss
Hunter, U-O. 6-2.
Eeml finals — Misses Ratcliffe beat Mrs. and
MIps Seymour, 6-2, 6-4.
Mixed doubles, drawing, preliminary round —
Mrs. Lombard and Mls3 Hotchkl«8 vs. Guy
Lytt6n and Misa E. Ratcliffe: A. E. Bell and
Miss Dobbins vs. A. C. * Way and Miss May
Button. First round (upper half) — Robert
Variel and Miss Violet Button vs. Louis Free
man Rnd Mrs. Seymour; Percy Murdock and
Miss Valleau, a bye. Lower half— W. B. Col
lier and Miss Seymour, a bye; R. N. Whitney
and Miss M. Ratcliffe vs. J. D. MacGavln and
Miss Florence Sutton.
Yesterday's matches and the drawing
for the mixed doubles resulted as follows:
The fifth and deciding set was going
along evenly until Smith lost the third
game on his own service when he had a
lead of 40-15. This turned the tide in
Bell's favor, giving him a lead of 3-1.
"With victory in sight Bell put more dash
into his play and his opponent was done
for. This was one of the best matches
Eeen at San Rafael In years. The score
was 2-6, 6-4, 6-2, 3-6, 6-2.
In the other half of the seml-flnals
Percy Murdock beat R. N. "Whitney in
straight sets. The score was 6-3, 6-2, 6-4.
The six teams entered In the women's
doubles played down to the final In one
half and the semi-finals in the other.
The Misses Mary and Ethel Ratcliffe of
Berkeley won their way into the final and
will meet the winners of the May and
Violet Sutton-Florenco Button and Gabriel
Dobbins match.
The seven-minute re6t after this set
braced Smith up somewhat and by clever
work at the net and accurate volleying he
brought the score to sets all by win
ning, 6-3.
It was a battle of two wonderfully
clever net playerB, who were about aa
evenly matched as two players could be.
As to condition and stamina there is no
comparison between the two. Bell was
as fresh at the end of the five strenuous
sets as when play commenced. On the
other hand Smith, after the second set,
was tired and winded and had lost con
siderable of his speed.
In the opening set Smith was at his best
and clearly outplayed his opponent, win
ning 6-2. In the second set it was nip
and tuck until Smith lost a game on his
own service which enabled Eell to win
out, 6-4. The third set found Bell some
what improved, while Smith seemed tiring
and netted easy balls. Bell won this set
handily. 6-2.
Percy Murdock of Alameda will meet
on Monday in the final. By far the best
match of the week and the only one that
has gone the full five sets was that in
which Bell met and defeated Grant Smith.
THE seml-flnals of the men's singles
tennis tournament were played on
the Hotel Rafael courts yesterday
and as a result Alfonso Bell, the
Southern California champion, and
First r*ee. Fteepl»<-hase. fu!l course, handi
cap — Veldez 155, Adjidaumo 152, Borough 14:1,
Tankard 1*3. Amur 145, Step Lightly 135,
I'frion 133, Ftlver Twirt 133, L»aryl 13:5,
Blunder 1"A Ga«car 130.
Second race, fix furlonge on main track, hlifh
v.eipht handicar' — Gay Boy 12T». Jan Kay 122.
ruturita. 118. Wealth 117. I'ariEienne US.
Damon 113, Tanajorie 1W. Rare King lfia.
AuriervilJe im. Interval 1W. Worry 10s. Paul
Clifford 107. Neither One ICtf. I'rincess Tulane
¦Jf!T> Biscrta 101, Presentation 102, Capsvllle
102.
Third race, the Flatbush. eeven furlong* of
Kutnrity court — Conjurer US. Broomstick 115.
r>^Ihi 115. Pcntftur 115, Moharlb 115, Mercury
1<'T< Gallant 115, PuIfus 115, James V 115,
Hiphbail 120.
Fourth ra<~e. the JP20.000 Century, one and a
half rnilei!— Heno 12C. Waterboy 125, Charles
KIw<x>d 115. The Picket 115. Major Daingcr
ficld 126. Hcrmis 126.
Fifth race, two-year-olds. Belling, five and a
half furlonss cf Futurity course — The Bowery
l<t? BufFdl Faee fl7. Tide 1O«. Vibrator 102.
priet Tone 10«. Fan rtemo 97. Monster 101.
All R!pht 102. InquiFitive Ctrl W. Funny Pide
IM ilon^t l^C Arthur »7. Wisteria J>0. Mor
<1'-!l'a 5«rt. Jennlco 83. Dun^annon 89. Hylas f)7.
Gold Tin 02. Bath P.c-ach 105, Flammula 102,
G-->!d Frir.k 5J2. IJda I^eib »4.
c ixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, gelling
tn turf — Choate 116. Henn' Clay Rye 118. Wild
Pirate 11« King Carter 107, Capparoore 104.
Tom' Lawaon 1CS. Dark Planet US. Captain
Ga'nes 11C Emtet Parkara 111. The Spinster
JC1. Fwamflands 10«. Lord Turco 110.
Weather clear; track fart.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY SELECTIONS.
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
Tirst race — Tankard, Valdez,
Aiatlr.
Second race— Bace King, Gay Boy,
Futurita.
Third race— Broomsticks, Merctiry,
Conjurer. \
roarth race— Hcrmls, WateTboy,
Heno.
Fifth race— Monster, Lida Leib,
Mordella.
Sixth race— WUd Pirate, Ernest
Parham, Choate.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY ENTRIES.
NEW YORK. Kept- 4— Sheepshead Bay en
tri'-s:
FIXTH RACE — One and a Quarter mi!e« on
turf, for three-year-olds and upward, the Turf
handicap:
Iir'ttic?. Horse. Weight. Jockey. Et. *i. Fin.
:;ii to I— Flcr Queen. 07 (Redfern) 2 1 1 h
2U, to 1— Lf-ader. 97 (MeCafTerty). 4 4 2 3
S to 1— Moon Daisy. 92 (Higgins) 6 6 3 C
Time. 2:O» 3-5. Start fair. Won easily.
V.inticr. Bristol Stable's ch. f. by TrlFtan
}1kz«-1 W. Hie Eminence 101. Adios 00, Colon-
Fay ii'l, also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs on
Futurity course. Cor two- year-olds, purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. \. Fin
1<» to 1 — Hi;>pocratet, 109 rliedfertj) 2 ;j 1 U
S to 5 — Adbell. 112 <Hlsirin») 12 2 2
7 to- 1 — Wojan. 112 (Hickf) 3 5 3 14
Time. 1 :00 2-5. Start Ftraggling. Won driv
ing. Winner, V. C. Whitney's blk. g. by
Llysak-Hancna. Grazlallo 112, Thistle Heather
1<«, Montana K!n(r 113, Bobadil 112, Mollno?
112. Jim Kelly 115. Tina Payne 112. Collector
.Tt s-tup 112, also ran.
FOURTIJ RACE— Handicap for three-year
clds and up. one and ihree-eixteenth miles:
TWtinjr. Horte. AVeipht. Jockey. ?t. » 4 . Fin
It to 10 — Caugfcnawaga, 115 (Jkny) 11 in
4 to 5 — Dk Of Kendal. 106 (FUr) 2 2 2
Time, 2:00 3-5. Start eood. Won driving
Winner. J. Eanford's ch. c. by Clifford-La
Tosca. (Two ftarterr.)
THIHD RACE— Thrte-ytar-olds. eelliny. six
«n<l a half furloriKE on Futurity course
n«tUr«. Horte. Wright. Jockev. t-'t Ft
10 to 1— Pilvtr Heels, 108 (Hicks). 7 .. 1 i^
SO to 1— iiiladi Love. 9;; (Hranner) 4 .. 2 >4
¦J to I — Ringdove. 101 (Gannon)... 5 .. 3 1^
No time takt n on account of teg. t-tart fair
¦Won drivir.K. \Vinner. T. Hitchcock Jr. 1 * U
g. by Gotham-O]^<"ch<»e. Forward lia Cal
cutta IDS, Erfie OS. Squid 9.J. Hack
friFack Id. I'rairie Flower 1)3. Tril'.ando 03
Albany Girl 03. Our Nuspet 104. Thoughtless
'.>3. Bolir« 107. Simper Vlvax Iu2. Solora a.J
Ootond Tyitr 110. The Loop 1C8, Blue Uanxier
!»:». Jlcien C S M. «l*o ran.
SECOND RACE- For all aces, one mile
t'urjt : *
lirtii.r.f;. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. =i. Fin
•» to 5 — Minuteman, H2 (Ilip'ns) 111 ''
II to 20— McChtsney, 122 (teller) .3 *» •» "ft
I00t« 1— Ithan. 112 (Uyer) 2 3 3*
Time. 1:.> 4-5. j=tart fair. Won ridden cut.
\\ir.n.r. J. E. Madden's oh. c. by Ju\enal-
Paralus. iThree starters.) •:"'-•
Little by little the lead of The Minute
man was reduced. At about a half-fur
long from the finish the leader seemed to
be in trouble, but just as the Western
men -were getting ready to shout for Mc-
Chcsncy he, too, weakened and The Min
uteman parsed under the wire two
lengths in front of the Western horse.
Ithan. the other starter, was beaten near
ly a hundred yards.
FIRST RACE— ror maiden two-year-olds
me and a hs.lt farfamca on Futurity "course:
letting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. Bfc •".. Fin
1<| to 1— J. .Maxim. 113 tCailuhan). 2 1 1 2
13 to 1— St. Valentine, 110 5 3 2 U
4 to Z — Arm«-r.ia. 11^ (BedferaK.. 1 2 a ll
, v ' lme . I:<-T 4-5 Start rair. Won ridden out
W inner. .«. Pat- is oh. c. by Juvenal-Maxlme.
KxcJaination JJ5. Marmee 112 Outcome 11"
Ancestor i:2. October Klower 112, Blackamoor
Ji.«. Adnutt.s 11^, fine Ait 112. rtob iioy US
Pen John 11."., B!yth»ness 111', Mining Link
112. BallycaMle 115, Eagle 112, Mohi.-an lli
Step Aside 112, Gun WaJ 112, also ran
on an JZz.strrzi race course to-day in
th« eecor.d event at tba Coney Island
Jockey Club's course and was beaten by
John E. Maddcn's two-year-old colt. The
Mlnuteraan. carrying ?2 pounds, of which
two pounds was over-weight to permit
Ui££*£3 to ride.
Fuller was on Smathers" horse, •which
v.za last for a short distance after the
barrier was released, while The Minute
man was sailing: out in front at a tre
mendous pace. McChesney took second
place In the quarter, and then ensued a
long chase after the flying two-year-old.
The gap gradually lessened until as the
last Quarter-nine of the race was begun
there were about five lengnhs between
Jirst and second.
£\ HEEPSHEAD BAY, N. T., Sept 4.—
McChescey, idol of th© West and
the South, maie h's first appearance
Special Dlrpatch to Trie Call.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Sardine, Mary Mc-
Cafferty, The Kentuckian.
Second race^ — A. D. Gibson, Dela
goa, Toledo.
Third race — Rockaway, Elwood,
Toledo.
Fourth race — Bessie McCarthy,
By Ways, Brulare.
Fifth race— By Ways, Collonade,
The Don.
Sixth race — Bay Wonder, Onton
agon, Angelo.
Seventh race— Our Bessie, Little
Elkin, Floyd K.
HARLEM SELECTIONS.
CHICAGO, Sept. 4.— Harlem entries:
First race, six furlongs, selling— Bard Burns
108. Sardine 107, Haydon 105. Frivol 105 Jce
Goss 1CJ. Et. Cuthbert 103, The Kentucklan
103. Lady Draper 101. First Attempt 05. Vestry
O4. Mary McCaJTerty KR. Mocorito 101.
Second race, six furlongs — Jack Ratlin 117
Golden Rule IOC, A. D. Gibson 103. L'Etrenne
tt>, Delaxoa 08, Stem Winder 06, Bensonhurst
9.5, Toledo 68. Determination 73.
Third race, six furlongs. Junior handicap—
Don Dome 11R. English Lad 122. Father Tallent
]<:S. Prince Silver Wings 108. Rockaway 107
Toledo 106. Patsy Brown 106. Commodore 10«5
Elwood IOC, Tryon 100. J. p. Mayberry 101*
Testimony 100, Mary Hill 07.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles han
dicap— Fcnecluea 105. Bra^g 104. Brulare 104
Colonial Girl 104, Henry Burt 102. Bessie Mc-
Carthy 103. Callant 103. Major Tenny 97 By
Way? 9.{, The Don 96. '
Fifth race, one mile — Luraliffhter 100, Anck«
P7. Collonade 06. Lend!n 96. The Don 96 Lady
Crawford 93. Christine A 93, By Ways 93. Lady
Jocelyn 93, Jackfull 93.
Sixth race, *\x furlong's, eelllng — Iwanta 111,
Fleuron 107. Headwater 105, Mansard 105
Mayor Johnson 101. Zyra 102. Merzo 100, Lova-1
ble 90. Brlmfull «9, Ontonagon 09. F. L. Pres
tan 08. Ang-elo 09, Hudson 86, Dodona 98, Boy
Wonder S3. Albermarle 93.
Sevpnth race, one and a quarter miles, celling
— Pirateer 104. Compass 09, Kunja 99, Little
Elkln 00. Erne 09. Jack Doyle 99. Essence 99.
Give All 99. Floyd K 97, Fair Lady Anna 94,
Moor 04 Somersault 94. Our Bessie 94, Flor
ence H S3.
Weather cloudy; track fast.
HARLEM ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACE— Mile anJ a sixteenth, sell
ing:
lletting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ?i Fin
« to 1— Alfred C. 101 (J. Booker).. 3 1 1 l'
*> to 1 — Bard of Avon. 104 <Oti.=) 5 " •> 3
7 to 1 — OHagen. W) (Spencer) 8 6 3 n
Time, 1:47. Start good. Won easily. Winner
J. Mahcney'K rn . g. by GoMen Garter-Music'
Carat 100, Frank M 98. Crestfallen 109. Pa{
Morrissey 10.1. Antclee 103. Handley Cross 103
KS^M, 1 ? 1 , 100 ' fio!<la &a 106. Urchin lOti, Feed
Hill 103. also ran.
FIFTH RACK— Five furlonsr*. rurse:
Retting. Horse. \\ eiglrt. Jockey. St -: Fin
8 to 2— Shawana. loo (S. Hnnner). « 2 1 n'
Kven— Xar.nie Hodge, 112(\Vi:»on) 4 12 4
6 to 1— Rowena. li.4 (Otis) 8 5 3 h
Time. 1:01 1-3. Ptart good. Won easily Win
rer Talbot Brothers 1 ch. f. by The Cr.mmoner-
Becky i-harp. Maggie Leeber ]<«. Eva-Clair
IOO. newrminati,.n 109. Alice Common^ 1(XJ
Fly Lady 100, Katie Powers 100, also ran
FOURTH ItACE— Pix furlongs, puree:
Betting:. Hors-v Weight. Jockey. St. s; Fin.
Even— Dela^a. 103 <Wi!son) 2 1 1 n
- to 1 — Hindi's, lot* (AdKins) 12 2 1
2>» to 1 — Hed Haven, loS (Davis).. 3 4 3 5
Time, 1:13 3-5. £tart bad. Won handily
XV'inrer. S. <;. Hildreth's b. c. by Kinenon
llhodesia. Cruzados 112. Gyp^ne 113 also
ran. Nellie Waddell 100, Lady Kent 100, left
at pest.
THIRD RACE— One mile, purse:
Bettintr. Hor?e. Wcipht. .Took<»y. Pt \ Pin
S» to 2 — Talpa. 1<»4 <U. Wilson).. 3 4 1 2 Vi
» to 10 — McGee. 07 (t4. Bonmr) . . . . 2 2-2 1
3 to 1 — S:<1. C. Love. 07 Utobblns) 1 1 3 3
Tim<\ 1 :4O. Ftart good. Won easily. Win
ner. Talbot Kivthers* b. f. by The Commoner-
Catalpa. Grfgor K 01, HavMand 101. also ran.
SECOND RACE— Steeplechase, short course,
purse:
netting;. Horse. Weight. J.x-Key. St. % Fin.
S to 5— Ed Adack, l.'O <McAuHfO.»3 114
£u to 1— Itacatiara. 133 (Brodie)... 5 2 2 «
10 to 1— 8!ap l)a?h, 150 (Morrison) 13 3 6
Time. 3:r;*2-3. Ftart good. Won easily.
V\ ii-ner, V.'. C&Jiill & Ctt.'m blk. p. by Aloha-
Emlnence. Oliver Me inj», Mis« Brandon 13S.
Anchor 1GS>, also ran. Lingo 1.18 threw rider.
day, shocked the talent by running
over Ed Corrigan's McGec, the odds-on
favorite, at 9 to 10, and wicnlng as she
pleased by two and a half lengths in the
fast time of 1:40 flat.
One of the Wgg-est losers on the race
was & C. Illldreth, who to said to have
¦wagertd J5W0 on McGee at even money
and ¦was then beaten out by his own boy,
12 "Wilson, who rode Taipa.
Although the card was only ordinary a
large crov.d witnessed the races. The
track was fast and the weather cloudy.
Summary:
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs, selling: ¦
Btttir.g. Hor?e. V.Vight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 1'— Fox Iviie. li>O(H. Phillips) 5 3 11
S» to 1 — Voi'a. :<S (FVrrell) 10 7 2 »4
3 to 1 — Cognomen. 1-Xi <S.Bonr>er) 3 4 3 2
Time, J ;ij-' :j-.\ Siurt good. Won easily.
Winner, CL It. EHlaoa'a t>. c by Waterlev<»l-
Higilette. Lawndale Ie4. Shaltan 98, Soldier
of Fortune 103, Ohockayotte 103. Sol Smith 101,
et. Paula J'l. Crcpple 93. Trapsetter 90, Mary
Dunn Ml, also ran.
OinCAGO, Sept. 4.— Talpa. at 9 to 2
in the betting in the third end fea-
ture event at the Harlem track to-
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Hildreth Is Reported Loser
of Five Thousand Dollars
on a Lively Feature Event
John E Madden's The Min
uteman Shows His Heels
to the Smathers Horse
Idol of West and South Is
Beaten by GameTwo-Year-
Old al Sheepshead Bay
Ed Corrigan's McGee, an
Odds-On Favorite, Beat
en at the Harlem Track
McCHESNEY LOSES
IN FIRST RACE ON
AN EASTERN TRACK
TALPA ASTOUNDS
ALL THE TALENT
IN A FAST RACE
ANDERSON. Ind., Sept. 4.-Edith . W
broke the world's record for pacing mares
on a half-mile track to-day in the free
for-all pace. Her time by Quarters wm
:33ft/ 1:03ft, 1:39 and 2:07.
New Becord for Half -Mile Track.
Cresceus Still Outside Record.
MONMOUTH, 111., Sept 4.— Cresceus
was unable to lower his record to-day.
Paced by two runners and a forty horse,
power automobile, - he trotted a mile In
2:07H, the fastest time ever made on this
track. The track was in perfect condi
tion,-but the wind was high, _
GLEN COVE, Sept. 4.— Walter J. Tra
vis of the Garden Cfty Golf Club and E.
M. Byers of the Allegheny Country Club,
Pittsburg, will meet to-morrow on the
Nassau -Country Club links in the final
round for the amateur golf championship
of the United States. Travis has held
the national championship twice, and
Byers was the runner-up last year at the
Glen View Club, near Chicago.
For the Golf Championship.
Stolen bases — Hlliebrand. Eagan. Townsend.
Shay (2). Irwin. Errors — Graham, Meany,
Zearfoss, Lynch. Three-base hits — Sheehan (2).
Two-base hits — Meany <2). Eagan. Irwln.
Townsend. Doyle. Sacrifice hits— Sheehan (2>.
First base on errors — Sacramento 1. First base
on called balls — On" Keefe, 4; off Hodson. 1.
Left on bases — Sacramento 9, San Francisco 8.
fctruck out — By Hodson. 2. Hit by pitcher —
Shay. Double plays — Meany to Delmas to Ir
win: Eagan to Casey to Townsend. Time of
game One hour and fifty mlnutea. Umpire—
0"Connell.
Sacramento 002102011—7
Base hits 1 0 3 2 2 4.2 3 2-19
San Francisco... 11OOO1OOO— 3
Base hits 3 2 0 2 1.2 0 O 0—10
SUMMARY.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 4. — The heavy stickers
of t bo Sacramento team landed on Hodson' • de
livery to-day with great regularity. Sheehan
hitting out two three-baggers and a single la
his three times at bat. On the other hand, the
batters of the San Francisco team could do but
little with Keefe's delivery and the cripples
again went down to defeat. # Pitcher Carter of
the San Franpiscoe. while running bases for
Lynch who is lame, either broke or severely
sprained his ankle in sliding to second and is
out of the game in all probability for several
weeks. Score: "¦¦¦-' t'^m **-
Sacramento — San Francisco—
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. PA.
Ca!>»v 2b 5 O 2 2 2,Shay. ss. 4 1 2 1 8
Hildbdlf 5 13 3 liMny.lf-rf 4 O 2 1 1
McLgn.rf 5 12 3 0 Irwln. 3b 3 O 1 2 1
Eagan, s 5 0 2 1 2< Leahy. ID 5 0 0 12 0
TwnsdUb 4 2 2 11 0 Zearf ss,c 4 0 1 4 1
6heehn3b3 13 2 6,Krug. cf 4 0 0 4 0
Doyle cf 5 112 C Lych.rf-lf 4 0 2 0 0
Grahm. c 4 12 2 0 Delms.2b 4 2 2 3 S
Keefe. p. 4 0 _2 _1 2 Hodsn, pj J> J> J>
Totals.40 ~T 19 27 13 Totals.35 3 10 27 18
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
The Accident Happens While He Is
Sliding to Second Base.
PITCHER CABTER INJURED.
Stolen bases— Hoy, Wheeler. Spies. Mohler
(2) Smith. Andrews. Errors — Corbett (3), Dil
lon. Cravath. Jansing, Byers. Two-base hits-
Smith Dolan, Dillon, Jansing, Ross. Sacri
fice hits — Zlnssar, Toman. First base on er
rors — Los Angeles 1, Seattle 4. First base
on balls—Off Hall 4. off Hughes 1. off Barber
1. Struck out— By Hall 3, by Hughes 4 by
Barber 1. Left on bases — Seattle 8. Los An
geles 6. Double play — Hall to Dillon. Hit by
pitcher— Cravath. Time of game — 2:15. Um
pire — McDonald. .¦ _ _ _ .
SUMMARY.
Los Angeles .....1 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 0—3
Base hits ......2 2 0 0 0 112 2—10
Seattle O 00100033—7
Base hits 1 2 0 1 0 2 0 3 2—11
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 4. — To-day's game
was close and exciting up^t» the eighth in
ning, when Seattle's heavy hitters fell on
Hall' for a bunch of hits. Several errors
by the Los Angelea infield were thrown in
at tho tame time, and the result was disas
trous. Joe Corbett had a bad day. making
three costly errors at second and striking out
three times. Dolan sprained hi3 ankle se
verely in sliding to second In the sixth in
ning and was relieved by Jansen. Hughes'
arm weakened in the sixth and he gave way
to Barber. Attendance. 1700. Score:
Los Angeles — I Seattle —
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Hoycf.. 5 12 2 OjLumly.cf 5 0 0 11
Whelr,3b 5 10 0 l|Moh!r,2b 3 0 12 1
Corbet,2b 3 0 0 12 Brashr.lb 4 10 9 1
Dlllon.lb 4 0 3 11 0;Smith.rf. 5 2 2 3 0
Cravth.rf 3 10 1 OZinsar.lf 4 0 110
Roes.lf.. 4 0 2 1 O Andrs,3b 5 1 1 1 o
Toman.s. 3 0 0 3 3 Dolan. s.. 2 0 112
Sples.c. 4 0 3 6 1 Jansng.s 2 2 2 11
Hall.p... 3 0 0 2 3|Byers,c-« 5 12 8 3
»Newton. 0 0 0 0 0 Hughes.p 3 0 0 0 3
Barber.p. 2 0 10 2
Totals 34. 8 10 27 10
Totals 40 7 11 27 14
'Newton batted for Hall in ninth inning.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
attle Team Wins.
Go to Pieces in the Eighth and Se-
ANGELS HAVE BAD INUTNO.
First race, 2:20 class, pacing — Jonesa Bas>
ler. Ml-u Georgia, Tom Gamut, Edwin S, Th«
Mrs., Colonel C, Al Sandy, Swanhllda. Dot.
Monogram. Alendale. Nance CN'eil, Georg«,
Ira, Lady Petrtna, Ben T.
Second race, five-eighths mile, two-year
olds — Ruvta 1<W, Nora 108. Eva D 103, Dusty
Rhodes 111. Charlie Schweitzer 111. Pat Bul
ger 106, Doris 108.
Third race, five-eighths mile, selling — Mamie.
108, Nellie May 114. Honduran 112. Miss Divi
dend 100. Elfln King 106, Jim Got* 117, Jlal
p&quet 112, Jack Richelieu Jr. 112.
Fourth race, one mile — Dug Martin 102, Dr.
Ehorb 107. Teufel 112. Legal Maxim 107.
Dwlght Way 107. Merwan 102. Chanano 107.
Dark Secret 107. ,
Fifth race, one mile, -walk ovex 1 — Kenllworth
122. C - .
Sixth race — Three-quarters mile, gelling —
Blissful 10.1. St. PhlUlpina 109, Bondura 103.
Little Margaret 98.
Seventh race, seventh-eighths mile, selling-—
Mountebank »O, Horatius ION. Olendennlng 105,
The Miller 1W>. Step Around 90.
Eighth race, one mile, selling— Illowaho 112.
Anvil 102, Cambaceres 109. Solon 112. Iras 99.
ENTBIZS FOB SATURDAY.
One mile, selling, purse $223 — C&mbaeeres,
blk. g. by Idalium-Candld. 112 (Powell), 8 to 6.
won; David S. 112 (Chandler). 3 to 1, second;
Iras, 93 (Hildebrand). 5 to 1. third. Time
1:41%. Tamm, Tanas, Bill Young and Illo
waho also ran.
DEIMAR SELECTION'S.
By the New York Morning Tejegraph.
First race— Peach Juice, Sweet
Note, Haven Run. '
Second race — Helen Print, Joe
Xesser, Orris.
Third race — Allegrette, Ijeech,
Kilo.
Fourth race— Hilee, Frank Bell,
Dave Sommers.
Fifth race — Idttle Scout, Taby
Tosa, Flintlock.
Sixth race — Exapo, Verna Fonso,
Lasso!
Seventh race — South Breeze, Satin
Coat, Tony lapping.
Time of game — One hour and forty-five min
utes. Umpire — Levy.
DEIiMAR ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS, 'Sept. 4. — Delmar entries:
First race, five furlongs, selling— Bonnie
Logan 106, Easter Walters 100, Bertha Van
101. Wootsey Wlnlerd 100, Sweet Note 103,
Peach Juice 103. Lona S 103, Ache 106, Tenom
fi\ Edna Daniels 100. Tlomalne 85, Haven
Run 106.
Second race, six furlongs, purse — Orleans 100
Helen Print 109, Orris 100. Joe Lesser 109.
Third race, five furlongs, selling — Enigma
100, Scalper 108, Allegrette 107, Leech 103,
Kilo 103.
Fourth race, six furlongs. Autumn Stake,
selling— Frank Bell 107. Hllee 107. Dave Bom
mers 107.
Fifth race, one and an eighth miles, handi
cap — Rio Shannon 82,' Flintlock 105, Little
Scout 108, Josie F 90, Taby Tosa 104.
Sixth race, on; mile and twenty yards, sell
ing—Aunt Bettle 94, Ranchman 05, Sting 104.
Varna Fonso 85, Whaleback 107, Exapo 92,
Noweta 97, The Advocate 92. Ecome 107. Eliza
Dillon 9ft. False 104, Branch II 104, Ladas 104,
Lasso 102.
Seventh race, one and a half miles — Ruth L
69, South Breeze 93, Hucena 98, Satin Coat 101.
Counter Tenor 100, Gin Spray 103, Tony Lep
plng 98.
Weather clear: track fast.
- The only running affair to cause any
enthusiasm was the finish in the mile
selling run, which Powell plucked on the
last stride with Cambaceres, getting the
verdict by a face. A whisker behind him
came David S, and, an eyebrow farther
away, Iras was third. Tho winner ruled
equal choice in the betting with Illowaho."
With twenty yards farther to go Iras,
vrhlch was piloted by Hildebrand, would
have won. F. E. MULHOLLAND.
STJMMABY.
Trotting. 2:24 class, purse <1000:
George G. b. g. by Homeward, dam by
Juno (Alberson) 1 1 %
Jupiter B (Ward) 5 3 2
Rosie Woodburn (Carlin) 6 2 3
Sutter (Donnelly) 2 4 4
Deputy (Whitehea.il 6 3a
Telephone (Frellson) 4 dla
Time— 2:16%. 2:15%. 2:16%. ¦
Pacing, 2:13 class, purse $500:
Demonia, b. h. by Charles Derby-
Bertha (Hoy) 4 111
Banker's Daughter (Croner) 14 4 3
Colonel Smith (Maben) 2 ft 2 •
Penrose (Marten) 3 2 3s
Smuggler (Norton) 5 3 d!s
Pinky H (Zlbble) « <u»
Time— 2:15, 2:14, 2:16H. 2:20*4.
Running, five furlongs, selling, purse $225—
J T S. b. j. by King William-Miss Modred. 106
(Tullett), S to 1. won; Piratical. 106 (Jack3on).
2 to 3. second: Maude Browne. 9>t i Chandler) 0
to 1. third. Time. 1:0l«4. Gaddls, Samar and
Pat Bulger also ran.
Four and a half furlongs, selling. pun« $223
— Hercules, ch. g. by Kit Carson Jr.-Unknown.
116 (Frawley), 3 to 2, won; Annie Marie, 91
(Hildebrand). 2 to 1. second; ilaresa, 113
(Chandler). 3 to 2. third. Time, :34%. Mete
ora and Gold Scratch also ran.
Five and a half furlongs, selling, purse- $225
— Dwlghtway, ch. g. by The Judge-Malakawao.
110 (Bozeman), 8 to 1. won; Legal Maxim. 110
(Tullett), 8 to 5. second; Quldado, 110 (Slaugh
ter), 5 to 2. third. Time, 1:084. Slaro. Mer
wan, St. WUda. Flamolo and Buck Taylor also
ran.
By some clever driving Fred "Ward se-'
cured second money with Jupiter B, with
third money going to the stylish and
handsome looking Rosie Woodburn, over
which Carlin held the reins.
As the result looked more difficult of
solution, poolselling wag more brisk on
the pacing event, for which a field of six
started. Demonia sold for 10, Colonel
Smith $ and the field 4. After Banker's
Daughter had disposed of Colonel Smith
for the first heat there was a change.
The field now went for 15. Demon:;*
brought 8 and Banker's Daughter 5. Sam
Hoy had apparently been adopting Geer'a
tactics, for Demonia gave Colonel Smith
his quietus and gathered the next three
off the reeL
The apparently unbeatable Fresno
County horse, which was purchased by
his present owner for JCO, annexed th«
2:24 trot, starting an overwhelming favor
ite. Sam Hoy drove the favorite. Denao
nla, to victory In the 2:13 class pace. -
In the running events Cambaceres. win
ner of the closing event In a sensational,
nose finish with David S and Iras, was
the only first choice to get home In front
Backers of George O had little opportu
nity to place their money. A few pools
were. sold, with the son of Homeward
bringing 20 and the field 4. but later, to
Increase the volume of business, he was
barred in the betting:. Deputy then
brought 20 against 7 for the others— not a
vast improvement. As usual, Alhertson
made no mistake with George G. scoring
in straight heats, the best time being
2:15^2. Deputy seems to have gone to
piece*. He was third In the first heat and
fifth in the following heat, when he was
drawn.
to-day, and the sport was about the>
best yet offered. Before the noon hour
commandeiies of the popular order from
Auburn, Lincoln, Stockton and Sacra*
mento grave a drill, which was liberally
applauded by those present in the grand
stand.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 4.-Kn!*hts of
Pythias day drew the largest crowd
of the week to Agricultural Park
SIXTH RACE — Seven furlongs; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin
6 to 5 — De Reszke, 110 (Boyd) 4 3 1 1U
7 to 1 — Bummer II. 110 (Sheehan). 5 4 2 %
7 to 1 — Optional. 107 (Smith) 6 1 3 %
Time, 1:28»4. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner. R. E. Watkins ft Co.'s b. c. by Lamp
llghter-Serenc. Doeskin 107, Pourquol Pas 102
Straggler 102. Dynasty 1C2. also ran.
FIFTH RACE— One and a elxteenth miles;
selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. 11 Fin.
4 to 5 — Dr. Hart. 104 (Powell).... 3 112
7 to 1 — El Rey. 105 (Garrison) 12 2 6
3 to 1 — Klngstelle, 100 (Perkins)... 2 3 3 1%
Time. l:5O. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, Ryan & Gregaln's b. g. by Hart Wallace-
Florence Shanks. Peat 107 also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1— Dr. Cartledge, 100 (Smith). 1 2 1 n
6 to C — Forehand. 115 (Sheehan)... 2 3 2 4
9 to 2 — Ben Adklns. 103 (Mahon) . . 3 1 3 5
Time, 1:15%. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, J. K. Daniels & Co.'s b. c by Faraday-
Darevela. Ryevale »4, Harbor 97, also ran.
THIRD RACE— One mile; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
6 to 1— Custus. 9S (Bybee) 1 1 1 12
9 to 1— Uranium, 07 (Perkins) 2 2 2 Hi
4 to 5— Light Opera. 106 (George). 3 4 3 20
Time, l:U32. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner. Mrs. I. Booker's ch. g. by Frontman-Pop-
Kun. Moyle 97. Irby Bennett 106, Gallot 87,
also ran.
Time, -1:16. Start poor. Won ea«lly. Win
ner, J. H. Larue's b. b. by Soundznore-Queen
Victoria. Cotton Plant 109, Dr. Clark 100,
Broodier 109, Ben Hullum 109, The Bobby 100.
Chickamauga 104, The Four Hundred 100. Sine
cure 109, Sam Houston 100, Swart Plet 100. also
ran.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling::
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. Bt % Fin.
7 to 1 — One More, 100 (Sheehan) ... 3 1 12
6 to 1 — Macbeth, 115 (Austin) 8 4 2 7
B to 1 — Charles C. 104 (Howell) .... 0 S 31
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 4.— While the races at
| Delmar Park this afternoon were In
teresting, only one close finish oc
' curred. That was in the fourth and
feature race of the card. Dr. Cartledge,
second choice In the. betting, won after a
hard drive with Forehand, a heavily
played favorite. The weather was clear,
the track fast and the attendance large.
FIRST RACE — Five furlongs; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to f— Black. 105 (Louden) 1112
3 to 1— Bird Pond. 103 (Scully).... S 4 2h
10 to 1— O. McKlnney, 106 (Smith) 7 6 3 1
Time, 1:03%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. M. Young'« blk. t. by Pirate of Fenzance.
The Chough. Hoedown 93, Perla 104. Comorm
100,. Soufriere 103. Interrogation 106, Cay boa
100, Spencertan 103, Monchere 103, also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Cambaceres Is the Only
First Choice to Win in
the Thoroughbred Division
An Interesting Card at the
St. Louis Track, but Only*
One Sensational Finish
George G Continues His
Winning Gait, Taking the
Trot in Straight Heats
Second Choice - in the ,Bet
ting .at Delmar : Defeats
Forehand, the Favorite;
FURIOUS DRIVING
I MAKES A WINNER
' V OF DR. CARTLEDGE
GALLANT KNIGHTS
VIEW THE RACING
AT STATE FAIR
THE FAN PBAKCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, SEPTEMBEB 5, 1903.
SPORTS OF THE TROTTING AND RUNNING TURF, THE COURTS AND THE FIELD
Most Exciting Game in Years™ The Misses Ratcliffe of
Berkeley Will Compete in Final of Women's- Doubles
Crack Representative§: ? Gf A the NoftH arid the South Pl&ytHe
CHAMPION BELL lIKiliiiil
ON THE SAN RAfAEL TENNIS COURTS;
9News was received yesterday by Cap
tain O'Brien of engine-house No. 2 of the
San Francisco Fire Department that
Chief Dennis Sullivan, who left here
last Tuesday evening for the East, was
taken so ill at Ogden that he had to
abandon his Eastern tour.
Chief Sullivan was going East to attend
the annual convention of fire chiefs of
the United States, and was accompanied
by his wife and Mrs. E. Graney. It was
his Intention to visit the large . cities of
the United States and inspect their fire
equipments. A few days before he left
home the Board of Supervisors presented
him a check for '¦ $1000 to defray his ex
penses.
FIRE CHIEF SULLIVAN
ABANDONS EASTERN TRIP
"Everyman," the powerful fifteenth
century morality play, continues to
preach its dramatic sermon at Lyric Hall,
Eddy street. There will be a matinee to
day at 3 o'clock and a performance this
evening as usual. The play will be con
tinued next week.
"Everyman" and Its Lessons.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND. Sept. 4.— The following
marriage lleenres were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Manuel Phillips,
23 years old. and Annie Sullivan, 23. both
of Marysville; Hugo A. Mulqueen, over
2U and Annie I. Kerney. over IS, both of
Alameda; Christopher C. Chase. 65. .and
Alice R. McFarlane, CO, both of Oakland;
Robert V. Campbell, 25, and Annie E.
Campbell, 23, both of Oakland; William
J. Lancaster, 26. and Emma F. Orton. 20.
both of Oakland; Charles F. Moore, 2L
and Elizabeth H. C. Zessin, 25, both cf
Oakland. ' ,_
The first intimation ' that the fond
mother had of the distressing affair was
when she heard her offspring crying in
agony. She Immediately ran to the room
and found the baby writhing on the floor.
The empty cup lying alongside 'gave evi
dence of the cause of the trouble. Dr. R.
T. Scott was immediately called,' but
despite his efforts the child dted at 3:45
p. m., a few minutes after havlne swal
lowed the fatal potion. The Coroner was
notified, but the body was not removed to
the Morgue.
The distressing tragedy occurred in the
residence of the bereaved parents dm Ing
the temporary, absence of Mrs. Wood
beck from a room where sne had left the
child playing on. the floor. A cup. con
taining gasoline had been left on the
washstand and the baby managed to se
cure possession of it and drank a con
siderable quantity of the contents.
Little Leo Woodbeck Swallows
Deadly Distillate and Dies
Within Few Minutes.
Uttle Leo Woodbeck. the 17-months-old
infant of Mr. and Mrs. Woodbeck of 1066
Capp street, secured possession of a cup
containing gasoline yesterday afternoon
and swallowed enough of the deadly dis
tillate to cause death within a few min
utes.
CHILD DRINKS GASOLINE
•AND EXPIBES IN AGONY
United States Senator Cullom, chairman
of the Senate Committee on Foreign Af
fairs, was the guest of honor at a lunch
con given at the Merchants' Club yester
day afternoon. About a dozen prominent
members of the club were present- Sena
tor Cullom, in response to a call, ad
dressed the assemblage upon the Philip
pine question, praising the work of the
fommission and volunteering the prophecy
that the administration would eventually
place the new possessions on a sound po
litical footing and solve the questions
that at present appear vital to the future
of the islands. The luncheon lasted for
about an hour.
SENATOR CULLOM IS
GUEST OF MERCHANTS
Judge Seawall yesterday sustained the
demurrer of the California Society of
California Pioneers to the petition for a
write of mandate compelling It to restore
Philip Goss to membership. He allowed
the plaintiff ten days to amend his peti
tion. Goss is the pioneer who was ex
pelled from the society for alleged false
statements concerning the date of his ar
rival here.
Sustains Pioneers' Demurrer.
At that time McMullIn secured a di
vorce on the ground of desertion. Mrs
McMullin Instructed her attornoys to ap
peal from the judgment in an effort to
secure a new trial. In the decision of
the Supreme Court, which was handed
down yesterday, Justices Angellottl.
Shaw, Henshaw and McFarland affirmed
the decision of the lower court, while Jus
tices Beatty and Van Dyke dissented.
The McMullins were married In 1871,
but the matrimonial state , was not con
genial and in the latter part of 1877 they
separated. In 1895 Thurlow McMullin was
desirous Qf a reconciliation, .but his wife
refused to accede to his desire and in
1898 the husband petitioned for a divorce,
which was granted him on the ground of
desertion.
One of the most bitterly contested di
vorce suits ever waged In California was
ended 'yesterday when the State Supreme
Court handed down a decision denying
Virginia McMullin's appeal for a new
trial of the divorce suit brought by her
husband ln 1SD8. ¦_; ,->'?^ , ; ,--./..-.f/. 1 *f*.
Bitterly Contested Matrimonial Case
Ends With Decision Denying
Petition for New Trial,
GIVES FINAL JUDGMENT
AGAINST MBS. McMULLIN
Hair cutting, "."c; children hair cutting. 25c;
hair singeing, 25c; pompadour hair cutting,
60c- shaving on Sundays and holidays. 25c;
other days. 15c; egs shampooing. 35c; plain
shampoo 25c; sea foam. 13c; whiskers trim
med ¦ 25c; face massage. 25c: face massage
with electric vibrator. 50c: honing razors. 50c:
extras neck shaving, 0c: mustache curling, oc;
extra 'hot towels. 5c each; and all extra work
will be charged accordingly.
At a meeting last night the Barbers'
Protective Union adopted a new scale of
prices. It is as follows:
Barbers Baise Prices.
The- entry list for the eighth annual
regatta of the Pacific Inter-Club Yacht
Association closed last night at the Mer
chants' Exchange. The entries in the 20
foot special class for the Law Cup are
the yawl Kittlwake, the sloops Ruby,
Mistral. Dewey and Zada. In the 25-foot
class the sloops Discovery and Neva are
the only entries. In the special yawl
class Iola. Pilgrim and Gypsie. all of the
California Yacht Club, with Royal of the
San Francisco Yacht Club, are entered.
I There S are five entries in the 30-foot
class; the sloops Presto, Aeolus, Helen,
Truant and Challenger. The entries in
the 36-foot class are Harpoon, Emma and
Edna of the Corinthian Yacht Club, with
Jessie E of the California Yacht Club.
The sloops Speedwell, Nixie and . Rover
are entered in the 44-foot class. In the
55-foot class the sloop Annie is the only
boat entered. Rollo Smith was appointed
a Judge on the • windward stake boat
Alice, and Frank Bartlett to the s.ime
office on the leeward stake boat Kmilie.
Two Dozen Boats Are Entered for 1 the
Baces to Be Sailed on Ad
mission Day.
YACHTSMEN ARRANGE
FOR ANNUAL REGATTA
NEW YORK. Sept. 4.— The following
Californians have arrived at the hotels:
San Francisco — Miss Mulrooney. Miss
P. Mulroonoy at the Cadillac; tJ C
Walker. Mrs T. C. Walker, at the Man
hattan: WW. Funge Jr.. -at the Hol
land. A. Hilton and wife, at the Grand
}i?\°Jl'' & S " A R °i h ' at the Hotel Bar
tholdl; Mrs. Anderson, at the Earlinc
ton; DA. Cords, Mrs. R. Cords, at the
Astor House; Is,. Holmes, at the Grand
Union: B. Levy, at the Herald Square-
J. P. Stanley, at the Kensington. oquare>
HoUand AnKele8 ~ A " B ' Ballard - at th e
Californians in New York.
Peter Condeuca, the 8-year-old son of
Antone Condeuca, a cook residing at 73
Oregon street, was run over by an elec
tric car at the corner of Broadway and
Sansome street yesterday afternoon. The
injuries resulted in death a few hours
later.
The boy, with his sister and two broth
ers, was on his way home from school.
He attempted to cross the street, but be
came confused at the approach of a team j
and ran directly in front of a passing
northbound car. Before the motorman
could stop the car trie boy was thrown
under the wheels and mangled. An ambu
lance was sent for and the child was re
moved to the Central Emergency Hos
pital. Both legs had been crushed at the
hips and were nearly severed from the
body. Drs. Bunnell. Murphy and Maher
amputated both legs, but the boy died
goon after the operation. The body was
removed to the Morgue.
George T. White, the motorman of the
car. was arrested and was charged with'
manslaughter when the police were not
ified of the boy's death.
Eight - Year - Old Peter Condeuca
Meets a Horrible Death While
Returning From School.
CHILD IS BUN OVER AND
KILLED BY ELECTBIC CAR
R. H e
WaiihJrtgton a 8 i
New York i tt J
Batteries— Patten and Drill: Howell Deer
Ins. Puttman. McCauley and Zaluskey.'
NEW YORK. Sept. 4.— In a double-header
at the Polo grounds to-day the New York and
Brooklyn teams broke even. Not a man on
the local team got as far as first base during
the first »!x Innings of the opening frame.
The MCOBd came was called at the end of
the seventh inning. Brooklyn winning. At
tendance. 10,3iK). Scores:
First came — R. H. K.
Brooklyn •'. S . 4
New York 7 1 ';• ; ¦ ; 3
Batteries^ — Garvin and Rltter; McGlnnity.
Warner and Bowerman.
Second same— R. H. E.
New York 2 5 . ' ,S
Brooklyn 7. 10 I
Batteries^ — Cronin and Warner; Schmidt and
Jacklitsch. Umpire — O'Day.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 4.— Philadelphia
won two Barnes from Boston to-day. The vis
itors played poorly ln both contests. Attend
ance. aiOO. Score:
First game — R. H. E.
Boston 4 " 1O, : 4
Philadelphia 6 » 3
Batteries — Plttlnger and Moran; Mitchell
Second game — K. H. E.
PhhadelpMa ".'.'.'".'!.'.*.".".* """.*." tt 10 I
Batteries — Malarkey and Moran; Dubbleby
and I'coln.
PrTTSBURG, Sept. 4. — Cincinnati's only nn
was a gift In the fifth Inning, when Leever
gave three bases on balls and forced the run
in. Attendance. -5C0. Score: •
If. Ti.
Plttsburx .............. 3 T" 1
Cincinnati 1 4 4
Batteries — Leever and Phelps; Poole and
Peltz.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
DETROIT. Sept. 4.— Rhodes pitched his first
and probably last game for Cleveland to-day.
He was Ineffective In the opening inning and
Detroit took a lead which the visitors could
never overcome. Attendance. 1900. Score:
R. H. E.
Detroit 11 ik 1
Cleveland :; 7 4.
Batteries^ — TVllson and Bnelow; Rhodes anj
Abbott.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 4.— Both Howell and
Deorin* were wild and Washington won eas
Hy. The game was called at the end of th«*
first half of the eighth on account of dark
ness. Score : ,
NEW YORK AND BROOKLYN
TEAMS EACH WIN ONE
NATIONAL, LEAGUE
James Cahill. a well known pioneer of
this city, died Thursday after a lingering
illness. He was a member of the firm of
Cahill & Brothers, stockbrokers.
He arrived on the coast in the fall of
1850 and for many years was located at
Virginia City. In 1S60 he came to San
Francisco, where he has since resided.
He was a native of Waterford, Ireland,
and was 85 years ot age. .
The funeral service will take place to
morrow at 9 o'clock at St. Mary's Cathe
dral, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
The interment will take place at Holy
Cross Cemetery. •
James Cahill, Who Crossed the Plains
in Early Days, Passes
Away.
WELL-KNOWN PIONEER
IS CALLED BY DEATH
Louis Gomez, a roomer at i£G*i Pacific
street, secured a warrant from Police
Judge CabaniES yesterday for the arrest
of Mrs. Annie Fernandez on a charge of
r< celving stolen property, consisting of
two gold watches, gold chain and charm,
penknife and IS 75 in coin, all of the ag
gregate value of $253 75.
Gomez said the articles and coin were
stolen from his room on August 24. He
quietly made an investigation, which led
him to suspect Jennie Fernandez. 9 years
of ape. a daughter of Mrs. Fernandez,
who lives in the same house. He said he
taxed the girl with being the thief and
she confessed that she had stolen the ar
ticles and coin at the suggestion of her
mother. She slipped into Gomez's room
while he was out .on the day in question,
and after securing possession of the
property took it to her mother. Gomez
made a demand upon Mrs. Fernandez for
the return of the property, but she de
nied that she knew anything about it,
and he decided to have he-r arrested.
Annie Fernandez was arrested last
evening by Patrolman M. F. Joy at her
home on Pacific street and booked at the
City Prison. Five minor children, the
youngest 2 years and the "eldest 8 years
of age. were left at the house. The woman
ivas hysterical when taken to the Hall of
Justice, and was on the verge of collapse.
Antone Fernandez, the husband, stated
that Jennie, the eldest child, who had
bf-en with Gomez, was forced to accuse
her mother of crime by the impending
fear of the lash. The child broke down
after coming home and admitted that
Gomez had forced her to make the con
fession which landed her parent in Jail.
Gomez is given an unsavory reputation
by the police a"nd has been arrested sev
eral times In the past. Mrs. Fernandez
was released on $50 cash bail, furnished
by friends. I % . ¦
Mrs. Annie Fernandez Wanted on a
Charge of Receiving Stolen
Property.
MOTHER IS CHARGED WITH
MAKING DAUGHTEB STEAL
Mendocino County was represented by
Assessor M. A. Thomas and other offlciala
of that county. The assessed valuation in
1902 was $10,610,856. This year It Is $11.
127.172. There are nearly 300,000 acres of
timber land in the county. The lumber
mills have capacities of from 20.000 to
60,000 feet a day. A large area of the tim
ber land has been sold for less than It
was assessed.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 4.— Humboldt
County was the first county up beforo
the State Board of Equalization to-day.
The assessed valuation of the county in
19rt2 was J19.041.331. This year it is $22,696.
62?. In answer to questions propounded
by members of the board. Deputy As
sessor II. F. Ferrlll said the lumber and
dairy interests of the county were low
for a number of years, but of late years
have been coming up. The assessment
roll has kept pace with values.
Humboldt and Mendocino Counties
Claim That Assessment Roll Has
Kept Pace With Values.
BOARD OF EQUALIZATION
BECEIVES MOKE PBOTESTS
During the evening speeches were made
by A. R. Pease, M. Schlessinger of the
Municipal League; Harry Mulcreavy,
Judge Van Reynegom, Miss Mary Burke,
Mrs. Tillman, Rev. Mr. Sanford of St.
John's Episcopal Church and Rev. Mr.
Duggan of the Stewart Memorial Church.
The Building Trades Council sent a
communication that It would be glad to
receive .a committee and get a report of
the association at its next meeting.. The
meeting closed by a resolution of thanks
being adopted to the press of San Fran
cisco for assistance.
The executive committee of the associ
ation reported that it had collected sev
eral hundred dollars which will be used
as a campaign fund to pass the measure.
The committee was instructed to select
a suitable hall and time for a mass meet
ing, the date thereof to be anounced
later.
The Mission Park Association held a
large and enthusiastic meeting last even
ing at Mission Native Sons' Hall on Sev
enteenth street. Eustace Cullinan, pres
ident of the association, was in the chair
and made a clever opening speech, urging
the members to use their efforts to carry
the bond issue through in the coming
election. He explained that a great im
provement to the Mission district would
be the passing of the bill authorizing the
purchase of the old Jewish burial ground,
bounded by Eighteenth. Twentieth; Do
lores and Church streets. This 'and
would be sold for &?j3.000 and would make
a splendid public park. For sentimental
reasons the owners would rather sell the
land for a public utility than to have it
used privately.
Association Holds Meeting and En
thuses Over the Coming Bond
Issue Election.
MISSION RESIDENTS WANT
THEIR OWN PUBLIC PARK
The many friends of Miss Emily D.
Curtis of the California College of Ora
tory, will h e glad to learn of her rcturrf
home after an eight months' vacation,
during which she made the grand tour
of the globe, spending considerable time
in Italy, France and England. Few Indies
in the city havo a larger circle of ac
quaintances than Miss Curtis, whose tal
ents as a reader have given her a wide
reputation, and her return home will be
noted with the more pleasure by her
friends since the experiences of her voy
age have been both enjoyable and bene
ficial, and she knows how to make the
story of;, them thoroughly entertaining to
all. • x
Miss Leontlne Blakeman will be the
guest of Mrs. Silas Palmer at Menlo Park
during the cominc week.
• ¦»--• * ¦¦.:'•
Mrs. Gaston Ashe will give an informal
tea for the officers of the Protet on Thurs
day.
• • •
Miss Bertha Do'.beer, who has been
spending the summer at Del Monte, is
expected to return the middle of Sep
tember.
Mr. and Mrs. Sterling Postley are pre
paring to leave for. a trip to New York
shortly.
Mr. and Mrs. Dupont Coleman have
been residing with the groom's parents,
Mr. and Mrs. Barry Coleman, since their
return from their wedding trip. The
Barry Colemans have taken a house on
Pacitic avenue for the coming season.
Mr?. Center and Miss Bessie Center
sailed on Thursday for an extended trip
to the Orient.
The Misses Edith and Kathleen Bull
expect to sail on the 11th inst. for a visit
to China and Japan, after which they
will be the guests of Lieutenant and Mrs.
Edward W. Robinson (nee Crowell) at
Manila until after the holidays, when the
lieutenant's regiment returns home.
Mrs. Homer Klnpr gave an informal tea
complimentary to the oilicers of the Pro
tet on Thursday afternoon. The hostess
was assisted by her daughters. Misses
Genevleve and Hazel King, in dispensing
charming hospitality.
Captain Bent's regiment, the Thirtieth
Infantry, has been ordered to San Fran
cisco, and In all probability will replace
the Seventh at the Presidio.
A pleasant dinner was given by Mrs.
Charles Lyman Bent on Tuesday evening
complimentary to Mrs. Whitney, wife of
the commandant at the Naval Training
Station at Yerba Buena. After dinner the
guests proceeded to the California Thea
ter. Those in the party comprised Cap
tain and Mrs. Whitney, Mrs. Daggett (nee
Cohen, a sister of Mrs. Bent), Mrs. John
Evelyn Page. Miss Queenie Russell, Cap
tain Charles Howland, aid to General
MacArthur: Lieutenant McCarthy, and
Ernest Wiltseo.
Mrs. M. M. Estee was guest of honor
at an informal card party given by Mrs.
T. B. McFarland yesterday at her home
on Washington street. Miss Leta Galla
tin and Miss Jessie McFarland kept the
scores during the game of progressive
euchre. Miss McFarland assisted her
mother In receiving. Among the guests
were: Mrs. William S. Wood, Mrs. Henry
Crocker. Mrs. E. B. Pond. Mrs. W. C.
Van Fleet, Mrs. M. P. Jones. Mrs. Adam
Grant, Mrs. John Clarke, Mrs. Philip Gal
pin and Mrs. Somcrs.
The cheating of these students was
practiced ln a daring way. The student
of two years' standing was. a junior, who
had a "condition" in an entrance require
ment to make up. The applicant for ad
mission was a bright young man and a
friend of the Junior, who appealed to the
applicant to assist him to make up the
"condition." The applicant for admission
consented to the scheme and during the
matriculation examinations handed ln two
papers, one for himself and the other for
the junior. Their duplicity was detected
when the* handwriting was compared.
President Wheeler and Recorder Button
refuse to reveal the names of the offend
ers on the ground that they have already
been sufficiently punished.
The swift punishment dealt the cheats
meets with the commendation of the stu
dent body, and the college sentiment is
voiced in an editorial by Richard O'Con
nor, editor of the California, who says
"the effect of the dismissals will cause
many a wavering undergraduate to think
twice before he cheats once."
Summary expulsion from the University
of California is the price that two stu
dents had to pay for cheating in the ma
triculation examinations recently held in
Harmon Gymnasium. The sentence of
President Wheeler was announced in t.ie
form of a notice, which was published
to-day on the blackboards in North and
South halls. It reads as follows:
"On account of dishonesty In recent
matriculation examinations two persons
have been denied the privilege of the uni
versity — one a student of two years'
standing, the other an applicant for ad
mission, who otherwise would have been
received as a student. By the president.
"JAMES BUTTON,
"Recorder of the Faculties."
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center street, Sept. 4.
Allan Pollok. manager of the San Fran
cisco Gas and Electric Company, leaves
to-day on a five weeks' visit to the East
ern cities. While in the East he will en
gage help for the new St. Francis Hotel,
of which he is to be the manager.
Ensign F. H. Poteel, who, with Lieu
tenant Symington of the New York
brought to the city from Alaska the Gov
ernment tug Fortune, which has been en
gaged In making soundings for a new
coaling station in the north, Is registered
at the Occidental.
John W. Mitchell of Los Angeles, who
has been traveling abroad for several
months with his wife, returned last
evening and registered at the Palace.
William P. Hammon, head of the com
pany which Is extensively engaged in
dredging for gold near Oroville, arrived
in the city yesterday and is at the Palace.
Stuyvesant Fish, president of the Illi
nois Central Railroad. is now in the
AVest and he Is expected to arrive in
San Francisco during the coming week
He is traveling for pleasure.
John Rosene, manager of the Russian-
American Company, which is operating
steamers between Seattle and Its conces
sions on the Siberian coast, Is staying at
the Grand.
Dr. G. F. Faulkner of Salinas Is at the
Grand.
T. J. Nolton, a merchant of Yreka, is at
the Grand.
Dr. G. A. White of Sacramento is a
guest at the Grand.
E. R. Graham, an oil man of Bakers
field, is at the Palace.
S. J. Harris, surveyor of Mariposa
County, is at the I,Ick.
M. J. Bride, a mining man of Nome,
is registered at the Russ.
W. L. Crawford, a mining man of
Tuxpan, Mex.. Is at the Grand.
H. Weinstock, the well-known mer
chant of Sacramento, is at the, Palace.
F. M. Buck, a prominent fruit grower
of Vacaville, is staying at the Lick.
Colonel E. A. Forbes, the well known
attorney of Marysvillo, is at the Palace.
J. F. Adams, a wealthy lumberman of
Dubuque, is among the latest arrivals at
the Palace.
Kenny P. Fletcher, who is attached
to the United States Legation in Peking,
is at the Occidental.
PERSONAL MENTION.
There was a Caucasian baby show to
night, which shared the attention of the
spectators with the. other special features.
Beginning next Monday night, the Oak
Park vaudeville show will be one of the
principal attractions at the pavilion un
til the close of the fair. The attendance
at the pavilion is steadily increasing, and
the outlook is favorable for a successful
season.
At the pavilion the companies from
Lincoln. Vallejo and Red Bluff partici
pated in a prize drill content. The Judges
were Colonel H. I. Seymour, Second In
fantry, National Guard of California'.
Captain John Zlttlnger, Company G, Sec
ond Infantry, and Captain S. W. Kay.
Troop B, cavalry. Lincoln won first prize,
Vallejo second and Red Bluff third.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 4.— This was
Pythian night nt the pavilion and the Sir
Knights ln their showy uniforms thronged
the great hall from the time it opened
until the closing hour. There was a grand
street parade of the Uniformed Hank and
subordinate lodges, the companies par
ticipating being from Sacramento, Oak
land,"*Vallejo, Auburn, Lincoln, Red Bluff
and Dixon. The uniformed knights were
commanded by Major J. A. Predom of
Auburn. At the head of the procession
rode Governor Pardee, Lieutenant Gov
ernor Aldeu Anderson, Mayor George H.
Clark and Director Grove L. Johnson of
the State Agricultural Society in car
riages.
the Frizes.
Companies From Lincoln, Vallejo
and Bed Bluff Carry Off
PYTHIAN KNIGHTS GIVE
A DRILL AT STATE FAIB
MRS. M. M. ESTEE
GUESTOF HONOR
AT CARD PARTY
President Wheeler Deals
Out Swift Justice
to Tricksters.
"I never felt so ashamed of myself in
my life." said little Johnnie Shean. who
is a head shorter than his younger broth
er. "My! but I'm dirty. Our mother is
dead, and we left our father ln San Fran
cisco about three months ago and went
to St>okane to harvest. We wanted to
go home and we didn't have any money.
"We were trying to beat our way."
The boys did not appear to realize Just
what was going to become of them until
the patrol wagon drove up. and then, with
trembling lip, the younger boy turned to
his brother and whispered. "We'll get the
reform school for this, I'll bet"
The boys said their father, Georg©
Shean, was a miner, but didn't work at
his trade. "There ain't no mines ln San
Francisco," remarked Willie Shean by
way of explanation.
The boys were discovered in their hid
ing place by a car repairer at the Union
depot this morning at 7:23 o'clock, when
the O. R. & N. train from, Spokane ar
rived.
PORTLAND. Or.. Sept. 4-— With eyes.
ears and nostrils filled with ' dirt
and sand. John and Willie Shean,
14 and 12 years of age, respect
ively, were found this morning In
the "cellar box," a coffln-like chest be
neath a baggage car. where for more
more than fifteen hours they had lain,
breathing only the dust-laden air that
filtered into their cage. Stealing rides
from Spokane, hoping to reach San Fran
cisco and join their father, the penniless
lads took this desperate opportunity and
eucceeded in traveling more than 400
miles on the way.
Start From Spokane in the Hope of
Beaching Their Father in
San Francisco.
YOUNG BOYS TRAVEL
UNDER BAGGAGE CAS
Governor Pardee has appointed Senator
A. A. Caldwell of Riverside and Colonel
J. L>. Schuyler of Los Angeles additional
delegates to the congress.
Governor Pardee Give's His Views on
I National Irrigation Congress.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 4.— Governor Par
dee to-day In speaking of the National
Irrigation Congress, which meets at Og
den, Utah, and which he expects to at
tend, said:
I believe this will be one of the most im
portant gatherings ever called together in the
rVufr. 8 ,?! ?° .^ tate has a dee P«r interest than
California in the questions of Irrigation, water
conservation and forestry which will be there
discussed. I should be glad to see every
county in thla i State represented at the Ogden
meeting As Governor 1 was asked to appoint
en i y dele /\ tes »n<l a"er considerable corre
spondence I have selected twenty gentlemen,
every one of whom has agreed to'be present
at the congress. A majority of them are from
the southern end of the State, where greater
concern about irrigation problems is felt than
in the northern and central regions. Rut the
northern counties, many of which would be
w,i .f hy more "tensive employment of
mn,» i°?' are maklns a m'stake in not taking
2\ i? A" terest ln t he coming convention. I
wish the newspapers would call attention to
the fact. that, under the call for the congress
nn i C ? U ., nt v y lB v entltled to two delegates to be
appointed by the Bcaard of Supervisors, each
city of less than 25,000 Inhabitants also to two
delegates to be named by the Mayor, each cltv
?L^!£f er P°P uIat 'on to four delegates, each
chamber of commerce or board of trade or real
catVn " chan * e to two delegates and each irri
•n^L *Rrlcu!tural association, society of
engineers, agricultural college or university
also to two delegates. I suggest and urge that
tlTs ty n SU £r7'r rS - Mayora and the a g ssoX
tlons named take advantage of their privilege
end tha P t° w* "m'*™^" Wh ° Wl " attend - to thS
.i V , , e may have a numerous and Influ
of Ihe WeX t0 W ° rk f ° r the de ™ lo Pment
HOPES MANY WILL ATTEND.
W. F. Edwards of Anderson, Ind.. pres
ent grand worthy chaplain, was elected
grand worthy vice president- His suc
cessor as chaplain Is Joseph H. Ellis of
Minneapolis. A. E. Partridge of Aerie
No. 1, Seattle, was elected grand worthy
secretary. Edward I. Head of San Fran
cisco was elected grand worthy treasurer,
and "Hy" Davis, his predecessor as treas
urer, was re-elected grand trustee, with
Theodore Bell of Napa. Cal., D. F. McGln
ity of Chicago. H. E. Norris of New Ha
ven, Conn., and J. J. Kennedy of Buffalo.
Edward Krause of Wilmington. Del*,
grand worthy conductor, and John W.
Sheridan, grand inside guard, were re
elected.
On the first ballot Sullivan polled 792
votes. Pelletier 729 and Henry ("Hy")
Davis of Cincinnati 250. The two lat
ter candidates, then withdrew, and the
Congressman's election was made unan
imous. A protest was made against the
votes 'from Honolulu, which -were rep
resented In proxy by the California del
egates. As the Hawaiians were In fa
vcr of Sullivan, his adherents fought
vigorously until the California dele
gates were permitted to vote for their
distant neighbors. Cape Nome. Alaska,
the State of Washington and Texas went
solidly for Sullivan. The Congressman
drew from all over the country, even
the far Western States sending him a
good vote.
NEW YORK. Sept. 4.— Congressman
Timothy D. Sullivan Is now the head
of the Fraternal Order of Eagles, hav
ing been elected grand worthy master at
the convention in Tammany Hall to-day.
The election was a most spirited one,
and there was lively campaigning from
beginning to end. Sullivan's election had
been expected, but many Western con
tingents favored the election of Vice
President Pelletier of Kansas City, and
waged a vigorous fight to place him at
the head of the order.
A letter was received from Governor
Pardee of California to-day In which he
expressed the warmest Interest In the
coming congress and stating «that he
would probably be present to take part
in the. opening session.
OGDEN, Utah, Sept. 4.— The GoYer
nors of six Western States have so far
notified the officials of the National
Irlgation Congress that they would at
tend the sessions of the congress at Og
den this month. It Is expected that the
executives of severat otner arid and
semi-arid States will also be present.
Those who have so far signified their In
tention of being present are Pardee of
California. Patterson or Wyoming.
Sparks of Nevada, Peabody of Colorado.
Morrison of Idaho and Wells of Utah.
From every point of view poured concrete
buildings are superior to those of every other
type. They are monolythlc; the settlement of
the ground beneath them is properly equalized
by reason of tho . enormous stiffness of the
structure; they consist practically of one ma
terial, and variations of temperature cannot
produce unsightly cracks: they become stronger
with age, concrete forming an artificial stone
on which the air has the effect of making it
more solid, thus rendering It better than the
best stone that ever came from a quarry.
The concrete Is poured In forms around the
st^el frame, the thickness of a wall for an
eight-story building being about three and a
half inches. This saves In floor space over
brick and wood from one to two feet and the
construction cin proceed very rapidly. Time,
cost, durability, appearance and everything
that goes to make up building advantages all
favor this new method and Its general adoption
is Inevitable.
Steel and concrete ¦will be the building mate
rial of the future. They are the only two ele
ments possessing the durability and practica
bility demanded in modern structures. Poured
concrete or lime and cement mortar are pre
servatives for the steel frame work, protecting
It against rust and erosion, and combined they
offer the only true fireproof material for struc
tures.
P. J. Donohoe, the architect, who was
State expert under Governor Budd and
who built the arena at Carson City In'
which Corbett and Fitzsimmons battled
for the championship, is In the city after
an absence of several years In Seattle,
where he now lives.
Donohoe Is an enthusiast over a new
method of constructing buildings. It is
known as the "poured concrete" method,
which has come Into general use in all
the cities of the Northwest and bids fair
to replace brick, atone and stucco facing
In the future. .
Donohoe is authority for the statement
that __ many persons contemplating tne
erection of buildings In this city will take
a trip to "Washington, Idaho and Mon
tana for the purpose of inspecting struc
tures that have been built on this system,
and he expects that In the future all im
portant buildings here will adopt this
method. The architect at Palo Alto, ac
cording to Mr. Donohoe, has determined to
employ this material In the future con
struction of the university buildings. Mr.
Donohoe said yesterday:
Nothing more will be done by the City
Trustees with recard to the franchises
until the ordinances granting them to the
Southern Pacific eczne up for second read-
Ing at the meeting of the municipal leg
islators Tuesday night. In the meantime
the Bnard of Trade is moving to have
the City Trustees enjoined from . giving
the franchises and demanding that be
fore such action is taken the matter
be submitted to the voters to pass upon
at a special el*>ction. City Attorney M.
\V. Simpson has advised the City Trus
tees that there is no power vested in
them to enact such a law as the so-called
referendum ordinance now on the city's
statutes and that the City Trustees have
no power to delegate to others the du
ties they themselves are elected and em
powered by law to discharge. Simpson
holds that there is no law that author
izes the cal'.ing of special elections to ob
tain the popular will on any question.
ALAMEDA, Sept 4.— General Manager
Julius Kruttschnltt of the Southern Pa
cific refused this afternoon to recede from
the demand made to the City Trustees
last night that if his company was to
be cranted the two local franchises
the one for the north aide line ba for
fcrty-flve years and the one for the south
side line be for thirty- three years, the
unexplred terms of the corporate life of
the roads. Four of the City Trustees—
Presided J. F. Forderer. William M.
Bowers, B. E. Coisbs and C. H. Ham
mond — ¦went to San Francisco and con
ferred with the railroad manager and At
torneys J. E. Fculds and Frank Shay
cf the law department of the corporation.
Alameda's representatives tried to in
duce Manager Kruttschnltt to accept the
franchises for twenty-five year terms. In
forming the Southern Pacific official that
the people cf this city were strongly op
posed to th« giving of franchises that
would bind the municipality for nearly
half a century. Manager Kruttschnltt
explained that it was not the policy of
the board of directors of the Southern
PeclSc to accept any franchises for less
than fifty years; that such is the life of
the franchises controlled by the company
la nearly every State in 'which it ope
rates, and that the management did not
wish to establish a precedent of accept
ing franchises for shorter terms. He said
it was the aim of the Southern Pacific
directorate to put the lives of the com
ra ay's franchises on a more uniform ba
sis. For these reasons he reaffirmed his
declaration that he could not and would
not accept the local franchises for a
shorter period than his has
asked for.
After considerable discussion Manager
Kruttschnltt consented to have It stipu
lated in the franchise for the south side
line that no overland freight trains shall
be cperated on that road. He would not
agree, however, to having such a clause
embodied in the franchise for the north
side line. Manager Kruttschnitt asserted
that his company intended to run freight
trains on the south side road through
the city, as is being done now. He stated
that a survey for a cut-off from the South
Pacific line to the Niles line, into Oak
land had been made from San Lorenzo
to Fitchburc and that the "sink" route
and Hish-street trestle might be aban
doned. According to Manager Krutt-
Fchnitt, the cost of the proposed cut-off
was estimated at J1S.M0, while it was fig
ured that to rebuild the long trestle across
an arm of San Leandro Bay east cf High
street would necessitate an outlay of
555,000.
COLLEGE EXPELS
STUDENT CHEATS
Walkirex seems unconcerned. His ac«
tlons evidently are not studied, and the
crime to which he has confesed has made
no great impression upon him. Sitting
half around In his chair, he views the
crowd and evinces more Interest In them
than In the'evidences of his guilt as It is
read to the jurors. He makes no effort to
prompt his attorneys, but he appears
alive to what is going on around him.
It 'was expected that his companion,
Anna Ross, who Informed the authorities
of the murder and showed them where
the body had been hidden in proof of her
assertions, would have been put upon the
stand to-day. The reading of the confes
sion, however, was lengthened out until
It consumed the entire day, and court ad
journed with Van Court still upon tho
Etand.
The- courtroom was crowded to-day
with spectators attracted to the trial of
Victor Walklrex. There was barely stand
ing room. Nearly the entire day was
spent In listening to the reading by Court
Stenographer Van Court of his notes of
the confession made by Walklrez imme
diately upon his arrival at the City Pris
on. There was constant sparring of at
torneys over the admlsslbillty of the
most damaging portions of th« statement,
but little by Uttle the story was given to
the Jury. . -
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Sept. 4.
The policeman returned with him to the
scene of the robbery, but the thug3 had
disappeared and up to a late hour this
morning no trace of them had been found.
shortly after midnight a pedestrian was
startled as he reached the corner of Bush
and Polk streets by the command:
"Throw up your hands." He obeyed and
under the persuasion of revolvers In the
hands of two masked robbers handed
over $40. He then obeyed an order to
move on and as soon as a good distance
separated him from the robbers he broke
into a run which he continued until he
met a policeman to whom he told his
story.
As soon as the first robbery was reported
mounted police hurried along the park
drives, but save meeting a new victim
now and then their work was without re
sult.
Golden Gate Park was the scene of a
wholesale raid of the thieves and two
buggies, each containing two persons, and
eix cyclists were halted by the flash of
the desperadoes' guns, and In each In
stance no argument preceded the handing
over by the victims of belongings of more
or less value.
Two robbers, their features hidden be
hind masks, perpetrated the crimes in
the city's pleasure place. They worked
rapidly, and before their first victim had
had time to Inform the police of their
presence In the park they nad despoiled
their last victim and had made good
their escape. No description of any value
could be obtained of the robbers, all of
the startled benefactors of the thugs not
ing little but the. flash of the pistols of
the thieves, the gruff command "Pro
duce," the quick compliance therewith
and the as quickly obeyed order to move
on and not look back at peril of their
lives.
Footpads were busy In the city again
last night, and while the extent of their
operations is not yet known, they added
a number of victims to their lists.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala.. Sept. 4.-Four
convicts wer« shot at Pratt Mine prison
at 10 o'clock to-day In an attempt to es
cape, the ¦wounded men being Tom Fay.
shot in the leg; John Brewer, wounded
in the back; Richard Kinn*b«ck, shot in
the abdomen, and Thomas Melzen.
wounded In the shoulder. Brew«r and
Klnnebeck probably will die.
All are white and were serving terms
ranging from two to twenty years. They
had secured a quantity of dynamite and
blew an opening in one end of the prison.
They ran through this and hurled sticks
or dynamite at the guards. The latter
opened flre with rifles and succeeded in
preventing what might have been a
wholesale delivery.
J. H. Emery of Pike County, serving
twenty years, was the only one to escape.
The crowd was led by Tom Fay. who was
the youngest member of the famous Mil
ler-Duncan sang of safe-blowers.
Eoard of Trade Prepares to
Enjoin the Municipal
Legislators.
Citizens Quickly Obey Com
mand to Hand Over
Valuables.
Crowd Throngs 'the Court
room and Space Is at
a Premium.
California Delegates Allowed
to Vote the Hawaiian
Proxies.
Claims It Surpasses \ Every
Other Substance for
Construction.
Four Desperate Criminals Are
Shot and One Gets
Away.
Preparations Being Made for'
a Notable Gathering
in Ogden.
Railroad People Refuse
Offer of Alameda
Trustees.
Congressman Sullivan Is
Elected on Second
Ballot; v
Day Is Spent in Reading
Negro's Confession
of His Guilt.
Masked Men Despoil
Victims in Park and
on Street. -
Executives of States
Going to Irrigation
Congress.
Poured Concrete, Says
Donohoe, Is Coming
Method.
Convicts in an Alabama
Prison Attempt to
Escape.
WANT LONG LIFE
FOR FRANCHISES
SIX GOVERNORS
ARE TO ATTEND
WALKIREZ TRIAL
UNDER HEADWAY
CHOSEN MASTER
OF THE EAGLES
NEW MATERIAL
FOR BUILDINGS
FLEEING FELONS
HURL DYNAMITE
HIGHWAYMEN
MAKE A RAID
THE SAN FEANCISCO , CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1903.
TOPEKA, Kans., Sept. 4.— Sarah and
Gladys Hogan, daughters of Samuel Ho
gan,. a Jefferson County farmer, fifteen
miles northeast of Topeka, were burned
to death last evening. The elder girl, of
1C years, had the younger in her arms and
was lighting the fire with kerosene when
the can exploded, scattering the flames
ov« *riMt *Uiil Jren.
Girls Burned to Death.
Hen's Methodist League Excursion.
The Men's Methodist League, an organ
ization of the v Methodist Episcopal
Church, will have an excursion to College
Park at San Jose on Monday, September
7, In which all the churches are expected
to participate. The day's pleasures will
Include a concert in the College Conserva
tory of Music, lunch served by the young
ladies in Maple ' Grove and baseball on
the- campus. Bishop Cranston will ad
dress the assembly in the college chapel
at 4 p. m. The train will leave Third and
Townsend streets at 9:10 a. ni.. return
ing It will leave College Park at 6 p. m.
ST. JOSKPH, Mo., Sept. 4.— Samuel Ja
cobs, a lineal descendant of Major Andre
of revolutionary fame, is dead at his
home here, aged 82 years. He was a civil
engineer and surveyor and surveyed the
route of the Chicago. Burlington and
Quincy Railroad across the State of Iowa.
He also was one of the promoters of the
Kansas. St. Joseph and Council Bluffs
Railroad, from Council Bluffs to Kansas
City.
Descendant of Andre Dies.
An audience that filled every part of the
Young. Men's Christian Association audi
torium listened to a scholarly lecture last
night by Professor B. R. Baumgardt His
subject was "The Latest from the Heav
ens." Though the subject embraced sci
entific explanations . of the planets. Pro
fessor Baumgardt was often so humorous
that science became to the layman an ex
tremely Interesting study. There were
moro than one hundred remarkable lan
tern views from photographs taken at the
world's 1 greatest astronomical 'observa
tories. - -
Gives Interesting: Lecture.
Up to a late hour this morning 1 no news
had been received, of • Chief . Sullivan's
condition.. Those who know him' well say
that he has been In need of an extended
rest for some time.'
Chief Sullivan will arrive this afternoon
at '4:25 o'clock, and ¦ friends have made
preparations for his reception, at his home
on -Bush street. ¦
10
Mahoney Indorsed.
At a recent meeting or tne rnirty-ninth
Assembly District delegates to the Demo
cratic. Municipal Convention David I. Ma
honey was endorsed for the | nomination
for Mayor. The Indorsement was extend
ed to Include Alfred W. Wehe for County
Clerk. Harry ,C. , Wilber. was elected
chairman of the delegation. The Demo
cratic Convention will meet . at Native
Sons* Hall, -\ on * Mason street, ."¦ Monday
evening, September 14
THE CALL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close on September 24
1803, and all holders of Atlai
Coupons are requested to pre-
sent • them immediately, as this
gTeat opportunity to secure on©
of these splendid Atlases at The
•Call's premium rates will be
brought to a dose on Septem-
ber 24.Flour and Millstuffs.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
CNTTED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. — — 4s qr c (new) — —
4a qr reg... — — 3« qr coup-.. — —
FRIDAY. Sept. 4—2 p. m.
ST JOSEPH. Mo., Sept. 4. — CATTLE-i-Re
celpts. 1200; steady. Natives. $4 45@5 65:
cowe and heifers, $1 76©5 25; stockers and
feeders. $4 65. ' .
HOGS— Receipts.' 2843; 15c higher. Light,
f5 6505 05; medium and heavy, ?5 3O@5 65. .
SHEEP— Recelsta. 645: 10c lower.
CHICAGO. Sept. ¦ 4.— CATTLE— Receipts.
2C00. Including 200 Texans. Market slow.
Good to prime steers. $5 4O0«; poor to med
ium $4 1005 10; .Mockers and feeders. $2 SO
©4 25; cows. *1 5O©4 75: heifer*. $1 5O®4 "5;
canners $1 BO02 60; bulls. $2@4 50; calves.
S.1 50(36 75; Texaa fed steers, S4 25$4 70;
Western Steers. *4 25© 4 65.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 11,000; to-morrow,
10.000- 10@25c higher. Mixed and butchers,
$5 35@6 10: good to choice heavy. $5 55«5 85;
rough Mieavy. $5 13©5 55: light, $5 60©6 20;
bulk of sales. $5 46©5 75^
SHEEP — Receipts, 10.000. Sheep and Iambs,
active and steady. Good to choice wethers,
S3 2503 75; fair to choice mixed, $2 25<g3 25;
Western sheep, $2 60©3 75; native lambs,
S3 75©6; Western lambs. S3 ( 5@5 10.
ST. JOSEPH.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
Trading was fair on the morning session oj
the bond exchange, with some fluctuation in
the gas stocks, which were rather unsettled.
The oil stocks were dull.
In Uie- afternoon business waa very good,
with a decline In the ga» certificates at Sfi87J
<57 87tj. Giant Powder was also lower at $«5.
Califorrla Wine Association sold at fO7 501^.
Home Oil wa* firmer, rising ta S7^c.
The Central Trust Company of California.
cays a semi-annual dividend this month of 2>j
per cent on its paid up capital of SL.500.0UO.
Ex-dWldenO. — Chutes Company, rnuUr
monthly, 5c per share, amounting to S3000.
Sfrtecber 4.
The Standard Consolidated Mining Company
of Bodle district has declared a dividend of 10c
per share, payable September 24.
The Utah Consolidated Mining Company has
levied an assessment ot 10c per share, delin
quent October H.
Dried Fruits Jfuts, Raisins, Honey
There Js no further change. The demand for
new Fruits Is fair and previous prices are
maintained. Honey, as previously mentioned,
in quiet. ,
Advices from New York say that the Raisin
trade are rather surprised at th« higB prices
fixed by the California Association, and that
they are looking around trying u> buy under
these prices from outsiders. * uaaer
NEV FRUIT-Aprlcots, 7K80Hc for Royals
and S«llc for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples.
M/tic; Peaches, fiV>O<c: Pears. C©Sc- Necl
tarines. 4©4%c for white: Figs, white, 4*O
*->.c in boxes; Plums, pitted. 5«6c per lh.
PRUNES— 1902 crop. 2%®2%c for the four
sixes, with *4©lc premium for the large sizes.
RAISINS— New prices are as follows: Two
crown, 6e6Vjc; three-crown. 6Vl§6ftc; four
crown, C%®lC.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 12%ei3c-
No. 2. 10V*«ll%c; No. 1 hardshelL 11H©12cI
No. 2. loeiOVic: new Almonds, lie for Nonpa
reils, lOfec for I X L. 10V 4 c for Ne Plus Ul
tra and 8%c for Lancuedoc; Peanuts. 5©7c
for Eastern; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuu, S4 3u
©5.
H0NET— Comb. new. 124©13Hc for white
and SQllc for amber: new water whit* ex
tracted. Sttesfec; light amber extracted, fie;
dark. 3H64Hc
BEESWAX— 27©29c per lb.
NEW YORK, Sept. 4.— Spot tin declined 10s
In London, closing at £12.{ 10s. and futures
were 7s Bd lower at £122 10s. Locally tin was
quiet and rather easier, closing at $27 15®
"*7 IIS
Copper also worked lower in the London mar
ket, spot there 2s Cd to £5S 2s Cd. while fu
tures were 3s Cd lower at £ol 6s 3d. Locally
copper was quiet and unchanged. Lake is
quoted at $13 75©13 Si%. electrolytic at
$13 «2'4«?13 75; casting at $13 37^<gl3 50.
Lead was unchanged at £11 3s !>d In London
but was Brm and higher here at $4 35.
Spelter was unchanged at £20 17s 6d In Lon
don and here at $6.
Iron closed at 61s 7d In Glasgow and at 46s
7U>d In Mlddlesboro. No. 1 foundry Northern,
is'quoted at $17«17 50. No. 2 foundry. North
ern, at $1« 5O4J17. No. 1 foundry. Southern, and
No. 1 foundry, Southern, soft, at J16 50<gl6 73.
New- York Metal Market.
Flour qr sks... S.C.<i4;Feed. ska ..... 3T0
Wheat, ctls ... l.CSOJ
FOR FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 4.
Flour or sks... 32^76 Hop*, bales .... to
Wheat ctls ... 57S Wool, bales 32S
Barley' ctls ... 2. 400 Tallow. ct!s ... 2»>*
Oats ctls 1.880 Pelts. No 120
Com*, ctls -East 1.00O Hides. No 2i:2
Beans sks «" Sugar, ctls .... SOO
Potatoes sks . . 1.920 Quicksilver, fika - 4M
Onions. As .... 73O Wine. gals..... «7.5W>
Bran, sk/ 2. B0* Leather, rolls ..33
Middlings, sks.. 47.TLime. bbls .... 409
Hay. tons ./... 1.2-S5>
WASHINGTON.
Receipts of Produce.
WHEAT— Liverpool futures were weak and
Pails futures lower. The Argentine crop waa
reported looking very well.
Chicago showed no material change, and the
sensational news from Constantinople did not
affect prices. Speculation was dull. The mill
ing demand was reported urgent everywhere
excrpt at Chicago, and Wheat was selling
everywhere rather over tne Chicago level.
There was no change here, either In cash
Wheat or futures.
The San Francisco Grain Exchange has ad
journed to Tuesday, hence there will be no ses
sion to-day.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 45<8l 50; California
White Australian, fl 55@1 00; Northern Club
$1 4501 50; Northern Blue Stem, $1 5$@i 57U-
Oregon Valley. $1 52%.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
December $1 4S% bid. $1 48H asked.
2 p. ra. Session.
December $1 4S bid, $1 4S% asked.
BARLEY— The market ruled very firm, with
a further advance In futures. The English
markets came througn very strong, and this
was the chief cause of the strength here.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 12H©1 15; Shipping and Brewing,
$1 20&1 25; Chevalier, |1 20@l 50 for fair to
choice. '
v FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close
December ...*1 14% $1 15 $1 H% $i fiZ
2 p. m. Session. ™
Open. High. Low. Close
December ...51 " ; *1 U HU $114
Seller year «
(new) 1 12% 1 12»4 1 12^ 1 12U
OATS— Continue steady, with a Very fair
movement reported at the recent advance.
White, $1 2O@l 32H: Black, $1 20©l 55;
Red *t 2O©1 22 W for common and $i 25©
$1 35 for choice; Gray. $i 27 tt per ctl.
CORN — Western is giving way under the fre
quent receipts and the quotations are low
ered as will be seen. Californian descriptions
are also weak, but prices show no change.
Western, sacked, *1 42^@1 45 for Yellow
and White and $1 42H for mixed: California
large Yellow «1 55©1 6i&: small round do,
II 70C1 15: White. SI 55 per etl.
RYE— Firm at SI 2O«l 27VJ per ctt
BUCKWHEAT— 12 2502 BO per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 4. — To-flay's ttock mar
ket was again «?xceffsively Cull, but <5ii"tinctly
• frtron* The three daye whlcU mill intervene
t*fcre trading will be resumed prompted the
" t!o>-ing uj> of epeculatlve accounts and the
fact* that to-morrow Is also a holiday in Lon
. don tmrhasired this disposition. It is evident
that the majority of outstanding amounts was
on the *hort Mde. There was no other ap
parent ¦¦-¦¦. for the etrenirth of Uie market
.as the bulls Rtn as usual. wllllnK to put
our fre*h commitments on" the eve of these
"'.Tonfiay*- Atchison was th* feature of the
market both as to the volume cr dealings
"and 'is extreme edv&cc* of 2V» «-Rfiil>' dis
. tanced a!I other rtocks. There were some very
• v r* R v> bear «c«-our:ts covered on the advance,
• v'hlch helped the ui>»rard movement s»nd gave
• •£ rounds tor the Fupjiosiuon ihey were the
•-Cbiect of the movement. But the movement
• *sve ri«e to come eurmlses of aa atcumula
• ties on a larre ecale- pcwiuly for purposes cf
" ;>iuroL Rock Icl*nd interests were minted
" .¦ . by the current rumor* and there seemed
'•¦-' t* «n effort to convey the lmpr^tiion that
' "i»nr.nlv«ni« and Harriman interests were op
" —si-* cr comi>etiTi8 with this accumulation.
. Thf AtcMson mcvercent had »m« eympa
. • • JtVr erect on the central list, but the larg
', • i*«'«i"«e was confined to me Southern and
uS«l com and cotton earners. The
powntst m«> ha^ been la part a reflect on
at th* Government report en cuttcn wh.ch
. ad •continued *>rect also on inducing llquida
• t in cotton. T!*- corn market did not re-
S«S ex, ess or confidence in that crop
• ••? the reports of fro* in the Northwest gave
.-¦X to ££ fear, that the cold would I extend
the corn belt. But the new* of the con
• -, of u™t mm in the lower portions of
"-'V tUt conduced to a growth of^confidence
¦• •¦, th* «a'ctv of that t-»rtion or the crop
\ : ,-d^>"i« b^en an ir.fluenc* in the strength
. ¦ Ox Southwestern railroad *t° c /f „,,-_ n^~,
' nje tone of the r*«-ntly reported ot 1 "*";^
¦ ti- Bed«UI7 of the Treasury on the gen
'¦%\ r ba^Zt and ftnanc;al outlook had an
•• urafrlEg effect on sentiment, and his ad
.- ary of an emergency circulation fosters the
. i. .Vof the financial djrtritt 'or such a
• : .'i*ure. But the emphasis by the Secretary
• n hi« pcblifibPd Etatement on the deposes
•t-ir.g made cf Government money in the agri
, . gtoti districts had soaewnat the effect of
"¦arAdaoettfoa *»inrt speculative ««¦ oj
• kbesc funds. The forecasts of the currencj
• rr.'v»mcnt cf the week Indicate a _ slight 1»
¦ . - rczneat tn f«vor of the interior, which.
' -fc.th the weeks Io«»*s to th» «ub-treai!ur>-.
fhow • probable decrease in the rertrve held
¦ v the banks of W.MO.OOO. There nave been
¦even] shipments to the South In connection
wtth the cotton crop moving, but the move
ment on balance would have been In favor
at Kcw York had it not been for the Urge
' niovf-meit to Boston, which ¦*«»* to nave
amounted to more than S2.OOO.COO. and Is at
tributed to a New York Interest in copper
uffjUifv The complexion of the loan Item Is
,«hrou»-4 in the usual debt. The dosing was
steady urJ\ was very dull.
Bonds were dull and very firm aid Govern
ment bond* continued to advance. Total «ale»,
par vaJu*. S7M.0G0. , "
The stock market has backed and filled
durlnc the week on a email volume of deal
" ings, reflecting clearly enough the highly pro
recfioaal character of the market and the
waiting tttltude of the financial world In gen*
et»l or the rectrltlM market outlook.
The fate of the crops and the neetls of the
Bcney market between bow asd the end of the
Mexican Dollars, nominal —
mained undisturbed.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 S3 a:
Sterling Exchange, sight _ 4 se^
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 87t
New York Exchange, sight — 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver, per ounce — 56%
Silver declined* %c. Exchange rates re-
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
NEW TORK. Sept. 4. — The cotton market
opened firm, two points higher to three points
lower, the irregularity being due to the dis
position among the room element to take
profits while cables, particularly on the de
cline in spot cotton In Liverpool.' encouraged
further liquidatton. After the tall, however,
the bulls supported prices and there seemed a
disposition to expect a reaction after the re
cent heavy losses. On buying of thin descrip
tion the market rallied slightly but soon turned
dull again and was forced down to a point
or two under the finals of yesterday. Around
this level it ruled quiet and irregular for a
time, then around midday was pulled up by
bull traders who did not care to stay short
of the market over the three-day holidays in
view of the low temperatures over the North
west and fears that they might work down
ward Into the belt. This buying carried the
market to the best level of the session or net
seven points higher on September and three
points lower on March. Later In the day.
however, the market became very heavy. Liv
erpool cables were heavy, sellers on the con
tinent sold and the South sent orders on the
short side while large local houses also were
heavy sellers. The market was In fact almost
In a panicky condition and closed barely
steady within a point or two of the bottom
with prices net thirteen to nineteen points
lower. Sales were 800,000 bales.
New York Cotton Market.
TACOMA. Sept. 4.— WHEAT— Unchanged at
yesterday's advance. Bluestem, 85c; Club, 82c.
PORTLAND. Or.. Sept. 4.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla. SOc; Bluestem. 84©S5c; Valley. Sl£?S2e.
The shipments of wheat from the port of.
Portland for the week ending Thursday is
250,706 bushels.
WASHINGTON.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
Opening 29 75 27 20
Closing 27 SO 27 20
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Oct. Dec.
Opening 6 «V4 6 6% 6 6%
Closing 6 6% 6 C% 0 C%
PARIS..
Wheat — Se^t. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 2v» 15 20 35
Closing 20 10 20 35
Flour —
Foreign Futures.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 5®5%c; San Quentln.
5.55c; Wool Bags. S2SC3c; Fleece Twine. 7%t?
8c; Cotton Fruit Bags. 6%e. 6%c and 7%e for
the three grades; Brown Jute. 6%S"%c
COAL. — Wellington. $3 per ton; New Wel
lington. $8: Seattle. $6 £0; Bryant. $6 50; Bea
ver Hill. $5 50: Stanford. $7; Re sly n. $7; Cooa
Bay. $5 50; Greta, $7; WaJlsend. $7; Rich
mond. $7 50: Cumberland. $13 in bulk and
$14 25 in sacks; Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13;
Welsh Lump. $11 50; Cannel. $8 00 per ton;
Coke $11 50gi3 per ton in bulk and $15 In
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $3 45 per
lbs and $3 50 per ton, aecordia? to brand.
OIL. — Linseed. 44c for boiled and 42e for raw
In barrels: cases. 5c more; Castor OIL In cases.
No 1 70c; Bakers' AA, $1 10©l 12; Lucol. 41c
for' boiled and '&c for raw In barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels, 90c; cases. 95c;
China Nut. 55@70c per gallon; pure Neats
loot In barrels. 75c; cases. 80c: Sperm, pure.
70c •" Whale OH. natural white. 50©Mc per gal
lon-" Fish OH. IS barrels. 45c; cases. SOc; Co
coanut Oil. in barrels, 5Sc for Ceyloa and 35c
lor Australian. ,
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil tn bulk.
14c- Pearl Oil In cases. 20%c; Astral. 20%c:
Star. 20%c; Extra Star. 24%c; Elaine. 26%c;
Eocene. '23^c; deodorized Stove Gasoline, la
bulk 17c: In cases. 23Vse; Benzine. In bulk.
13c- "in case*. l»^c; Stt-degre* Gasoline, la
bulk 21c: In cases 27*ic.
TURPENTLVE— 7Sc per gallon In cases aad
72c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. «#
6%c per lb; White Lead. 6©6%c. according to
quantity. _
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refinlnc
Company quotes a» follow*. per lb. la
100-lb bags: Cubes. A Crushed and Fine
Crushed 5S5c; Powdered. 5.70c: Candy Gran
ulated 5 70c; Dry Granulated, nne, 5.60c; Dry
Granulated, coars^. 5.60c; Fruit Granulated.
5 60c* Beet Granulated <1CO-Ib bags only), — ;
Confectioners* A. S.COc; Magnolia A. 5.20c; Ex
tra C aiOc: Golden C 5c- "D." 4.90c: barrel*.
10c more: half barrels. 25c more: boxes. SOc
more- 5O-lb bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tab
lets-JHalf barrels, 6.10c; boxes, 6.35c per lb.
No oriers taktn for less than seventy-five bar
rels or Its equivalent.
* General Merchandise.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Sept. 4. — Clearings, $605,367- bal
ances, $134,315.
TACOMA. Sept. 4.— Clearings, $323,820; bal
ances, $51,907.
PORTLAND. Sept. 4. — Clearings, $647,907
balances, $3N.S39.
SPOKANE. Sept. 4. — Clearings, $346,804
balances, $37,199. v
Bank Clearings.
NEW TORK. 4. — The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet. shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week, ended
September 3, with the percentage of Increase
and decrAse aa compared with the correspond
ing week last year:
Percentage.
CITIES — Clearings. Inc. Dec.
•New York $031,217,749 24.5
•Chicago 157.862.011 29.9
•Boston 1O3.S17.32S ft. 2
•Philadelphia 100,924,249 13.7
•St Louis 46.574.4S9 21.4
Plttsburg 38,438.402 16.9 ....
tfan Francisco .. 32.300.096 26.8
J Tlalttmore 19.3S7.501 2.4
Cincinnati 18.»78.700 12.3 ....
•Kansas City ... 1P.5S6.993 23. «
Cleveland 15.244,137 2.7
•Minneapolis 10,540.267 6.3" ....
•New Orleans .... 9.800.921 11.0 ....
Detroit 9.056.941 12.1
•Louisville 9,310.578 14.7 ....
Omaha 6.6«3.068 23.1
•Milwaukee 7.126.289 20.1 ....
•Providence B.358,600 7.1
•Buffalo 6,142.588 20.3
•St. Paul 4,618,407 11. 1
Indianapolis 5.428.875 28.1
Los Angeles • 5.090.180 42.2
•St. Joseph 4.347.853 11.7
Donver 6.055.232 38.8
Richmond 3.3R2.JH0 11.0
Columbus 3.7»2.100 1.1.4
Seattle 3.005.575 12. &
Washington 2 5*0,567 ».l
•Savannah 2,073.555 .... 41.1
Memphis 1.S01.057 5.0
Albany 3.322.433 20.4
Salt Lake City... 2.fl2!».393 1.4
•Portland Or 2.R24.5K5 6.4
•Toledo 3.153.201 19.2
Fort Worth 2.37S.7O8 7.1
Peorla 2.090.276 28.4
Hartford 2.1-15,860 10.5
Rochester 2.470.351 21.1
Atlanta 1.S58.1C8 5.2
Dcs Molnen l.KSft.318
New Haven 2.OT.7.275 28.8
Naphvtlle 2,1(Vl.flnO JiO.8
Spokane Wash... 1.852.776 30.7
Grand Rapids .... l.fiOO.005 20.3
Sioux City 900.214 15. g
Springfield. Mass. 1,212.525 9.4
Norfolk 1.207.M4 5.1
Dayton 1.515. TOT 35. »
Tacoma 1.742.S94 24.5
Worcester l,32O.l.*» 10.6
Augusta. Ga. ... 750,700 39.5
Portland Me. ... 1,411,1.11? 33.3
Scranton 1.524.321 2S.1
Topeka 1.4.^8,290 20.0 ....
Syracuse 1.131.302 9.6 ....
Evan.»v111*> ' 908.155 11.3 ....
1 Wllmlnirton. Del.. Wtt.744 B.I
I Birmingham l.OBfi.CVl 5.5 .. .
Davenport 878.866 .... 12.8
Fall River 524.211 12.2
, Little Rock 500.011 4.1
I Knoxville 1.124.132 34.4
Macon 617.000 7.3
Wllkesbarre 8K8.145 49.2
Akron «19.000 157
Springfield. Ill R24.17O
Wheeling. W. Va. 577.547 10.3
Wichita 494.374 1.0
Kounpstown 542.546 14.5 ....
Helena 70S.961 50.6 ....
Lexington 457.116 1.1 ....
Chattanooga 640.729 30.4 ....
Lowell 553.018
NVw Bedford .... 390.858 32.2 ....
Kalamazoo .. 503.O54 24.5 ....
Fargo N. D 895.114 8.5 ....
Canton, O 618.900 42.7 ....
Jacksonville. Fla.. 526.D90 122.8 ....
Greenaburg. Pa. . . 876.350 .
Rockford. Ill 831.382 13.7
I Springfield. 0 417.45.8 41.3 ....
Binghamton 330..100 8.5
Chester. Pa 425.9«1 15.0 ....
Bloomlngton, III.. 353.394 30.7 ....
Quiney 111 3fifl,144 1.9 ....
Sioux Falls. S. D. 176,904 53.0 ....
Mansfield 0 224,8fl9
Jacksonville. 111.. 240,931 10.5
Fremont. Nebr 228.389 54. 0
Utica 2.305.953 27.2 ..".
Decatur. Ill 20O.202 8.4
••Houston 11,308,089 7.0
••Galveston 5,481,000 .... 21*7
Charleston. S. C. 600,068
Totals U. S.... $1,650,230,161 TT7T ll~2
Ooutslde N. Y.. 728.012.412 14.6 .
CANADA.
Montreal ......... $19,012,748 «7
Toronto 13,910.975 2.8
Winnipeg 4.020.443 16.6. ..'..
Halifax 2,301.507 56.0 ....
Ottawa 1.403,091 12.fl ¦ ....
Vancouver. ' B. C 1.312.373 33.0 .
Dullness characterized the fruit market yes
terday, there belnc very little Inquiry for ship
ping and 'the local demand being light and
confined chiefly to strictly fancy stock. There
was an abundance of poor fruit, particularly
low (rradc Apples and trashy Grapes, which
lessened the sale of good stock. .The top quo
tation for Apples was obtained only for the
best Bellflower and Gravensteins In 4-tier
boxes. Fine Bartlett Pears and choice Peaches
were firm at previous prices, supplies twin^
limited. The canners were cleaning up bulk
lots of Clingstone and Solway Peaches at pre
vious prices and paid a little more for desira
ble lets. Plums and Prunes In small packages
were dull. There was very little canning stock
received and that found prompt sale at un
changed rates. Quinces and Pomegranates
moved slowly, while Figs were steady under
moderate receipts. Cantaloupes and Nutmeg
Melons were In light receipt and firm and
prices of the former range higher. Water
melons were steady and unchanged. There was
net much doing In Grapes, even the very best
offerings being dull. A few lots of Muscat in
bulk sold for canning purposes at $25 per ton.
Strawberries. Raspberries and Blackberries
were In ample supply and choice lots cleaned
up quickly. Surplus stocks of Blackberries
and Malinda Strawberries went to the canners
at 2%c per pound. Citrus Fruits were more
active than for some time past. Mexican
Limes were in light supply and higher.
Lemons were more active, owing to the scarcity
of Umes. and Oranges were wanted for ship
ment to Honolulu. Bananas and Pineapples
were nlentlful and unchanged.
STRAWBERRIES— »2 50@3 50 for Mallndas
and $465 for other large varieties; Long
worths, nominal.
RASPBERRIES^ — $7@0 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES — $2 JM>S4 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 1610c per lb.
APPLES— 85cS»l 10 per box for fancy. 60®
75c for good to choice and 25@40c for common;
CT PEAR&^-Bartletts. $1©1 25; winter varie
ties 4Ce»Qc p«r box, according to size of box.
QUINCES — 40<8COc per box.
FIGS 75c©Jl per box for black and 40@75c
for other varieties.
PLUMS and PRUNES — 40©65c per crate
and 25<-(§50c per box; large open box**, £0©s5c;
per ton. *20<S23.
NECTARINES-NomlnaL
PEACHES— Small boxes. 4wgi5c; carriers.
r>0<a «¦-•«; large open boxes. 50c©$l; per ton.
$"viiZS for Cllnestones.
POMEGRANATES— «5®75c per box.
GRAPES _Seedle«s. 6O«75c per box; Isabella
75c@$l per box or crate; other varieties. ao4
50c for small boxes. 50®. 5c for crates and
bcfiSl for large open boxes; Zlnfandel Wine
Graties $24525 per ton.
MELONS— Cantaloupes. |1®1 60 p«r crate:
Nutmeg Melons. 35@t>Uc per box; Watermelon*.
FRUITS— Oranges. $2 50©3 for
faicy Valencias. »1 75©2 25 tor choice and
iiei 25 fcr standard; Seedlings, Jijg! 25; Le m .
ons, *1©3 P" box ' ,. w i th 80n »e fancy
higher' Grape Fruit. $1 75g2 25; Mexican
Limes. $6; Bananas $1 7f.£3 p* r buach for
Central American and $1®1 50 for Hawaiian
Pineapples. «2gJ per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
| EASTERN MARKETS.
yONDON. Sept. 4— A sale of sheepskins was
herd in the Wool Exchange to-day. The of
ferings numbered 343-1 bales. Competition for
ccarsv combing crossbreds was animated. Bid
ding for merinos and short wooled crossbreds
was quiet and prices were unchanged to 5 per
cent below the July average.
London Wool Sales.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour.
Btrong: No. 2 red wheat. 80%f£82%c; No. 2
corn, 52%c: No. 2 yellow, iUe; No. 3 white
oat», SO^i038Hei No. 2 rye, B3c; good feeding
barley, 4Sc: fair to choice malting. 52g5.Sc;
No. 1 llaxseed. OlM-c; No. 1 Northwestern,
$1; prime timothy seed. $;t 15; m^ss pork, per
bbl, $12 5O#12 55; lard, per 100 lbs. $S 75@
8 TiW, short ribs eides (lots?). $7 87%©8 12%;
dry wilted Bhoulders (boxed). ti*i©7c; fhoil
clear sides (boxed), 7%SSc; clover, contract
grad*. $:> VOu:> :'o.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 24, mo 10.600
Wheat, bushels 14(1,000 15,100
Corn, bufehels 301.200 21S.IMX)
Oats, bushels 13O.S0O C6.300
Rye. bushels 38.300
Barley, bushels 33.000 }*00
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creanr.s, 14fll9c; dairy,
13©17c. Epgs. firm, le^giSHc. Cheese,
eteady, 0%C«llV4c.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 4.— WooJ. firmer. Medium
grades combing and clothing, lC#21c; light
fine. 15C17%c; heavy fine, 12@14»4c; tub
washed. 20£f 30c.
.S7. Louis, Wool Market.
The fotlowin? quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, 8@3c: Cows and heifers.
7®Sc; thin Cows. 4g5c per lb.
CALVES — Ifi5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4c; Ewes, 3%©3%c per lb
(gross weight).
LA1TBS— *2 75<S3 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs, «c; under
140 lbs. 5%@5%c; Sows. 20 per cent off; Boars.
50 per cent cff. and Sta«s, 40 per cent off from
above quotations.
Lncal rac kp rs and butchers report previous
Trices for everything, with plenty coming in
to go around.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — «S7c for Steers and 5Q6c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 6%'88%c: small. 9310c per
P °MUTTON— Wethers. 8^3 %c; Ewes, 8c per lb.
LAMB— »«10c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 8%©9%c per Ib.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Meat Market.
Butter shows no further change. th<» fine
creameries ruling firm ar.^ftlie lower grades
dull and easy. The feature of the market yes
terday was the arrival on the Umatllla of 150
bbls. salt butter from the East via Tacoma.
Stocks of cheese continue large and- th» mar
ket la still dull and weak.
Fine ranch Eggs have moved up another
point, but the medium grades remain un
changed. Stocks of all descriptions are mod
erate. .
Receipt* were 20,100 lbs Butter, 734 cases
Ekks and 1S.3C0 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery. 2M<20c for extras and
25fi27c for seconds: dairy. 21g23c: store But
ter. 17^<gl«e: ccta storage, 24@25c; Eastern.
23{?2lc per lb.
CHEESE— New, 12<fl2%c; Touns America,
13©14c; Eastern. 15316c; Western. 14#15c
per lb.
EGGS — Ranch, 33©35c for large white se
lected and TiVifytt^c for fair to choice; store
22Va©27c: col <l storage, 23®25c; Eastern, 20®
24c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
= s s z 2 J
S ?I ti s i n 1
. STATIONS. | J§ p|a jp |
e c • 3
: 3 3 ; ; :
Baiter 29. < 6 K« 4S FE C'.ear .00
O.r-Eori S".<.72 £4 r>2 SW Cloudy .00
Eureka 29.92 »» 52 SW Cloudy .00
. Fresno 23. 7G 102 OS NW Ciear .00
FllKttaff 29. S2 Kl SO NW Pt.Cldy .'U
Ir.dcr^ndent* .29.<>4 94 iA S CVar .00
Lr-s Angeles ..23.76 S* 5S RW Clear .<«>
Mt. Tamaipais.23.M 76 C« W Ciear .00
North Head ..2it.S4 H .Vt S Cloudy .00
Phoenix 2«.*2 110 74 W Cltar .(«)
Pfcatello 29.7*5 *« Z.2 NW C'.cudy .0"J
P. rtlar.d 2».72 « WJ SW Cluudy .00
Pf :nt P-eye* - 29.80 r.S £0 NW X>.Fog .<X> ]
rve Biusr 2s«.«*# s*»; cz sk c: t »r .<«?
"• rt—liMIH rit.TS *2 V> NVV" Cloudy .00
"Sacramento -.29.72 K8 B8 BW Tt.cidy .<«)
Pall Lake ...23.M «2 NE Cloudy A<2
" > a rratadaoo.9.64 en TA w Pt.cidy .CO
. t L < »b!f po. .23.^4 Ml 4« W Cl^ar .<>t •
•¦ . nieto ...2'.«.7K 74 «2 W «'lear .08
-. utle 2".«.7C 74 4« W Cloudy .00
f.-liane Z.K'1 +2 4*5 NE Cloudy .O0
' ¦- sh 29.r^5 «2 &2 S Cloudy .00
n*aHa Walla..29.«>J M 4S S Oe»r Mi
-Vvinsemurca .29. €6 BO T.2 SW Cloudy T.
yuma. 29.t>0 110 »>0 SW Clear .001
* "v. EATHEK CONDITIONS AND GENERAL!
FOUECAST. W
Tb# cl'»u(lin < *s* ha? increased rar'.dly over
Tti<» ron*»ern hair of the Pacific Slope and
'*• conditions are favorable for shelters and
'.«<ler wea-ther Saturday ever the {trc-ater por-
Ocb of the Pacific Slere norta of the parallel
f ?!» derrees.
Th* temr^raturp ha* fallen in the Sacra
mento Valley and aft»>rn«on temperatures
.-" rtr.s* from feO to 100 derrees.
' Thun<Jer-€tornif are reported *t Salt Lake
<"¦• -,v and Flac*taff.
* . High southwest winds rrevail In Southern
Ttah and also In the Sierras.
* * Forecart made at San Francisco fcr thirty
hours ending miSnirht, fVr>t*nsber S:
'. _ Northern California — Cloudy and unsettled
weather la northern portion aad probably
* hewers In the «rtreme north; fair In southern
¦j-jrUon. fresh southwest m-inds.
Southern Californ'.a — ClouSy and cooler Sat
i ' L'rday. Treth fcoutherly wir.ds.
Nevada — Cloudy Saturday. possibly light
• -r.'vif-rs in #>ort!-.ern portion; brisk to high
ci>uthwe*t winds.
>an Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Satur
day; brisk southerly winds.
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Whwt No. 2 —
Sept. .new) Sl'i SUi S0% 80%
December 82% X2% 82>, 82*s
May !>4'h ) Si% 84% 84%
Corn No. 2-»-
September 53 H 52% 52%
December 52% 52% 52 52 U
May 52% 52% 52% 52 : h.
Oats No. 2 —
September % 3«U 3ff% 35% 26
December 37% 37% 37% 37*
May 331* o0% 39 39%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
September 12 50 12 70 12 SO 12 70
October 12 75 12 f«> 12 75 12 «:%
May ....^, 18 25 13 25 13 20 13 25
LarJ, t>er 100 lbs —
September S «7% s 77% 8 67% 8 77%
October 7 82% 7 82% 7 80 7 S2%
January 7 13 7 15 7 15 7 15
Short Ribs, per 100 Its-
September H 02% H 15 8 02% 8 07%
October S 05 8 'J5 8 05 8 15
January « KO 6K 6 so 6 82%
There was no Western Poultry available and
as the receipts of domestic were light the mar
ket ruled firm for all descriptions except small
Hens, which continued to drag at unsteady
prices. The demand for small Broilers and
Fryers was particularly brisk. The car of
Western that was scheduled for yesterday's
market did not arrive, having been delayed en
route. It will be available to-day.
Game of good quality met with prompt sale.
Doves were tn limited supply and firmer.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, nominal: Geese,
per pair. $1 25@1 50; Goslings. «1 5O«l 75:
Ducks. $39-4 per doien for old and $3 50<34 50
for young: Hens. $4 30t?5 50; yofmg Roosters.
?4 5Of5 P0; old Roosters. *4; Fryers, $3 50**
4 50: Broilers. ?3@3 50 fcr large and $2 50<e:S
for small: Pigeons. $1 50 per dozen for old and
?1 50^1 75 for Squabs.
GAME — Rabbits. $1 ?5@1 75 per dozen;
Hare, $1; Wild Doves. 75c per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
Aside from the Wool strike already men
tioned there Is nothing new under this head.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuKs and brand* sell
about l'*c under cuctationif. Heavy Salted
Steers. 9%e: mediufft. 8%c: light. 8c: Cow
Hides. 8c fcr heavy ani 8c for light:
Stags. 6c: Salted Kip. 8%c; Salted Veal. 0%c:
Salted Calf. 10c: dry Hides. 1&&15%c: dry Kip.
13c; dry Calf. 17c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 23®
SOc each; short wool. 40>S50c each: medium. 70
6«0c; lone wool, $1@1 6O each: Horse Hides.
ealt. $2 75 for large and J- u'.l 5O for medium.
SI 25©1 75 for rmall and 50c for Colts; Hers*
Hides, dry. ?1 75 for larga end SI 50 for me
dium, $1®1 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican. 32%e; dry talte.t
Mexican. 29c: dry Central American. S2%c.
Goat Skins — Prime Angoras. 73c: Ursa and
smooth. 5Oc: medium. 35c: small. 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4H64%o per Ib-
No. 2. 4©4%c: grease. 2%@.*?c.
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquin LambV. 9®
12c: Foothill. 10£12c: Middle County, 11313c.
Quotations for spring clip are as follows:
Humboldt and Mendoctno. lSS20c; Nevada. 13
@15c: Valley Oregon, fine. lS@19c: do. medium.
17tJ18e: do. coarse, lftgltc per lb.
HOPS — 22S23c per lb for both 1002 and 1903.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Wheat Exports in August.
The exports of wh»at from San Francisco
by tea. durinjc the month of August were- as
follows :
. To — Centals. Values.
Great Britain W.529 J34.323
Belgium 2S.TIV) 37.400
Peru 12.»«2 21,640
Jtran 4.000 6.2.V)
Hawaiian Islands 2. 523 5,167
Tahiti 0T 89
. ' Totals 111.S51 $164,879
In August. 1902. th« exports were 403.915
centals, valued at $467,114. In that month
cine ca.-roe* or pan carcoes were cleared for
Great Britain, two for Belrrum fc.nd one for
South Alrica. There were no full cargoes
cleared last month. th* exports for Great
Britain and Belgium being taken in small
<juantitie« as stiffening far barley cargoes.
Wcathcr Report.
(12Oiii Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. September 4—5 p. ra-
THE COAST RECORD.
year are the principal matters to be cleared up
before any definite stand on the future proe
pects of securities is to t>e expected by stock
market commitments. The feeling of confl
derce over the money outlook has gained force
greatly. This was due in an Important dejrre*
V* the und ?retandir.g that $40,000,000 of Gov
ernment funds In the Treasury stood ready
for deposit in bank depositories. The inspiring
effect of this assurance encourages some at
tempt to put up prices of stocks by an ele
ment of professional speculators. But the
banks and large controlling interests In the
great properties who** shares make up the
body of stock dealings appear to have frowned
on these efforts as calculated to defeat the con
ditions of security which are growing up in the
money market. The relaxation of the money
market was felt to be very Important for the
continuance of business activity and prosper
ity. Conditions even for mercantile borrowings
had grown onerous, thus threatening the ex
tension of the depression and contraction
which had swept over Wall street to the In
dustrial and business structure of the whoie
a >untry. The hope has grown that with the
large liquidation offered in the stock market
and by avoiding new speculative Inflation the
usual needs of the fall reason for money may
be met. The premonitory symptoms of the in
terior movement of currency have appeared
this week, and it is clear that the practical
test of the country's money resources is at
hard. Tratlir.g in stocks is likely to halt until
the test I* made. The Government report on
cotton cleai-s up one of the Important elements
of uncertainty and is accepted as assurance of
a plentiful crop. The situation is benefited not
only by Its assurance but by its influence in
prompting the large liquidation of present
speculative holdings of cotton, the promise e^
relief for the consumptive demands of manu
facturers pnd the encouragement to bankers
to offer bills of exchange with the assurance
of a free movement of cotton later with which
to cover the obligations thus assumed. The
American demand on foreign money markets
for exchange is beginning to loom large In the
opinion of those markets. The advance in the
Bank of England minimum rate of dli<count
from S to 4 j>er cent on Thursday was directed
Immediately against Germany, which Is mak
ing very heavy requisitions on the Englloh
gold supply at this time. But Germany's call
ing home of credit* is Indirectly Intended for
the American market. This was clearly s.et
fr.nh jn official utterances on behalf of the
Imperial German Bank several weeks ago In
the form of a complaint that German money
was finely loaned to foreigners to aid an In
dustrial comi*t:tion against Germany.
Tre recall cf German credits thus may be
regarded as rromiited by policy rather than by
the nor.-nal money needs of German markets,
and is made effective In London by reason of
the large amount of German capital which has
twn employed there ever since the rise in in
trr* st rates due to the Boer expenditures. Con
ditkns during the week promiF« normal pro
gress in corn crop, but there has not been
th<; hot fcrmr.g weather tending to correct the
lateness of tne crop and lessen its danger from
farly fr2St. Fugitive rumors of damaging
frotts haw made their presence already, and
the certainty that they will continue to cir
culate, with whatever basis, until the crop
ha* been harvested serves to deter speculative
commitments in stocks. Report? of iron trade
conditions rhow an increase of hopefulness, but
there have been complaints of accumulation
of Fteam Eir*>*= of anthracite and some curtail
ment of production in consequence.
Railrocd earnings continue at a high level
and confidence of railroad officials In future
maintenance of traffic is expressed.
The market fcr railroad bonds Is dull, but In
scrr.e slight investment absorption i* reported.
Government bonds have risen in price in re
sponse to the expected need for additional hold
ings by the banks to eerve as security for the
Increased Government deposits promised.
United States old and new 4s coupons ad
vanced % per cent, the new 4s registered 1 per
cent and the 2s and 3s 1% per cent as com
pared with the closing call of last week.
NEW YORK. Sept. 4.— There will be no
sessions to-morrow nor Monday of the Stock,
Produce or Cotton exchanges of this city.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison C8.700 «7% 64% t>7
Atchison pfd 2.00O 02 81 02 "
Baltimore & Ohio.. 3.2OO «*% 82H 83'
Bait & Ohio pfd... 300 f>7 8«tj 8«»4
Canadian Pacific .. 300 124% 123% 123%
Central of N J 160%
Chesapeake & Ohio 33S
Chicago & Alton 22'4
Chi & Alton pfd 33\a
Chi & O W 200 17 17 17
Chi A G W B pfd . . 500 .10% 30 30
Chicago & N W... 100 10CH 166H ISO
Chi Term & Trans io%
Chi Ter & Tran pfd 1.400 21 10 «i «ot
C. C. C & St L 73
Colo Southern 200 14 14 UK
Colo South 1st pfd. 200 53% 53% 53
Colo South 2d pfd.. 200 22 22 22
Dt-laware & Hudson 100 164 164 1W
Del, Lack A W jagi.-
I>enver & Rio G "4^
Don & Rio G pfd.. 100 79 79 77
Erie 10,200 30% 28^ 30
Erie lut pfd 000 «7% 67% b"7Ni
Erie 2d p.'d l.OuO 01% 51% 51>I
Great Northern pfd I««
Hocking Valley £j
Hocking VeJ pfd «J
Illinois Central 40O 133%. 133% 1331/
Iowa Central 100 21 21 "o
Iowa Central pfd , .. * ' !7 ,/
Kansa-" City South .^?
K C Southern pfd 4
Louitv & Nashv 1.000 IO614 icjv KXiU
Manhattan L ...}. 500 135,2 i:uit r>-i*
Metropolitan St Ry. 1..VX, 11.1V? l"£ \viZ
Minneap & St L. . 200 53 &« li* 3
Missouri Pacific ... 6,000 »4% }»:[U (£,,;
M. K & T ;i;o »0U ir? o? a *
it. K & T pfd.... 300 42% <"{? ;" V *
Natl KR of Mex pfd 200 41% <i2 1T V
N V Central «00 122% 1*1? tUg
Norf & Western "* «o4*
Norf & W pfd
Ontario Sc Western. 1<iO miZ S3-,
Pennsylvania 4,600 123 1^4 i^'*
P. C. C & St L l ~* a £^
Reading 12,300 54% 53V r',7?
Reading W pf d ** W * "k
Reading 2d pfd K00 70 e»u rni?
Rock IHand Co 16,000 ¦ 29«4 "sw "ii 3
.?rL k i s s a F d^° P v d d 30 ° e6 * «& 2$
5EA.V*? & S3 ff h
StLSWpfd 2.400 36U 35 *&
St Paul 14.000 143(4 142V4 14"-^
St Paul pfd ., J*|»
Southern Pacific .. 4.WW 46U iij/ j?»;
Southern Ry 8,700 23^ 22S "tf
Southern Ry pfd.. w» 84 14 £4 Sv
TVxao & Pacific... 2.000 27»J St 5"J&
Toi. st l & xv "' 5/2
Tol, St L & W pfd ZZ?
Union Pacific 11,600 7*5M 75" 7S' '
Union Pacific pfd.. 200 SB km i2-j#
Wabaih 300 21«4 a« ~iu
Wabash pfd 1.900 33% 34*4
Wheeling & L E * rJJj
Wisconsin Central » "" JiJ?
Wtsconein Cen pfd HH 3 g,r
Express Companies^ — '
Adams 22.1
American .... .... jso
United States jo*
Wells-Fargo 2 15
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper.. 7.C00 4«% 47s 4gii
Amer Car & Found 1OO 32hi 32Vi '22(2
Am Car & F prd.. ..* «l
Amer Linseed Oil iqil
Amer Lin Oil pfd 33"
Amer Locomotive j$
Amer Loco pfd 85
Am Smelt A Ref.. 1.100 44% 43% 44%
Am 6 & Ref pfd 7. 89
Amer Sugar Ref. . 400 115% 115«A 115«4
Anaconda Min Co.. 4OO 81 si 8rt
Brooklyn Rap Tran 1.10O 45% 44% 45
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 3,300 44% 4O«4 42%
Colum & Hock Coal 14%
Consolidated Gas.. K00 174*4 174 174
General Electric... 200 103 JCt itii
CHICAGO, Sept. 4.— Although advices gen
erally were favorable to lower wheat values,
a rush of short* early In the session Incident
to the three days' a;yournm*nt of the board
caused a bullish tone and pushed prices up.
December going from the opening. 82%c. to
>>2%c, to strong at the %c mark. Foreign
advices weak Northwestern markets, despite
the fact that the weather map was not con
sidered favorable, and free offerings from the
Southwest, however, caused an easier feeling,
therefore and the December options sold down
to 82Hc.' when tired lonrs let go their hold
ings to a considerable extent. The close show
ed a little better sentiment, although there
was a net loss In December of %c at S2%c.
The corn market was Influenced altogether
by the weather. There appeared to be plenty
of corn for sale, however, and the advance
was lost. The local sentiment continued bull
ish throughout the session and with no cessa
tion of the short crop etorfes closing prices
were firm December showing a net gain of
%c at 52Hc after ranging between 52%@53c.
There was a fair general trade In oats and
prices ruled firm at a fair advance. Dece-m
ber closed Vt@%c higher at 37^@37%c, after
ranging between 37%<§37%c and 37?<iC.
Coverings by local shorts on small receipts
and higher hog prices gave provisions a strong
tone. Trade was of fair proportions, packers
and rommifi'lon houses doing the selling. Oc
tober perk closed 15c higher at $12 82%: lard.
2%«J5c higher at $7 8O@7 82%. and ribs 20c
higher at $8 15.
There will be' no session of the Board of
Trade to-morrow cr Monday.
The leading futures rangeii as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12%c per lb for
heavy, 13c for light medium. 15c for light.
15V4c for extra light. 17ljc for sugar-cured and
18%c for extra sugar-cured; Eastern sugar
cured Hams. 15%c: California Hams. 15%c:
Mess Beef. $U 5(;<312 per bbl; extra Mess. $12
©12 50; Family. $13 50; prime Mes» Pork. $19;
extra clear. $25: Mess. $20: Dry Salted Pork.
12%c; Pig Pork. $29: Piss" Fe«t. $3 25;
Smoked Beef. 15c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and 10<gir>t; c for pure: half barrels,
pure. 10H<310%c: 10-lb tins. 10%gllc; 5-lb
tins. lHic: 3-lb tins. ll%c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel, 9%c; three
half barrels. »%c; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces,
9%c; five tierces. 9%c per lb.
This firmer news from the East strengthened
this market, but made no difference in quo
tations.
around, both here and in the East. Ch!cag3
was higher yesterday and reported somo im
provement in the cash demand, wtth receipts
of Hogs more moderate. There was also more
speculative buying than of late, and more con
fidence in prices.
Bar silver, steady. 26 5-1 6d per ounce.
Money. 1%S1% P«r cent. The rate of dis
count in the open market for short bills is
S%£3% p«t cent, and for three months' bills
3Va P«r cent.
International Paper . ... 122
Interntl Paper pfd. 68
International* Pump 34%
Interntl Pump pfd. ..... .... .... TO
National Biscuit... .... 3«"^
National Lead 200 15 15 14%
North American... 100 751£ 75% 75H
People's Gas 200 94% 94 84 Vt
Pressed Steel Car.. 100 42 42 41%
Pullman Palace Car 218
Republic Steel 100 lift lift 11H
Republic Steel pfd.. 800 67 67 66'i
Rubber Goods 18%
Rubber Goods pfd 74
T>nn Coal & Iron.. 1.200 42 V, 41 % 42
U S Leather 200 8 8 8«
US Leather pfd.... -100 82H 82Vi 82 V*
U S Rubber 100 12% 12% 12-} 4
U S Rubber pfd 42
V S Steel 3.800 23^ 22% 23
U S Steel pfd 1.500 71"4 70% 71
Western Union 100 83% 83% £3%
Total sales 221.200 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW TORK, Sept. 4. — Bond transactions of
the United Railroads of San Francisco, 16,000
at $79 12%.
NEW YORK BONDS.
V S ref 2s. rer..l0$*w!U 8 Steel 79%
Do ref 2s. coup.lO$%lR I 4s 73%
Do 3s, reg 108 Penn 08%
Do 3s. coup 10S Lou £ Nash un 4a 99
Do new 4s. reg. 134% Mex Cen 4s 73
Do new 4s, coupl34?i Mex Cen 1st Inc.. 16%
Do old 4s, r?«r-109 Minn & St L 4s.. 95%
Do old 4s. coup. 110 Miss. K & T 4s.. 97%
Do 6s. reg 101% Miss, K & T 2ds. 70
r*> 5s. coup 101H ! N Y Cen gen 31,8. 95Vi
I Atch gen 4s 09% N J Cen jren 5s... 128%
Do adjust 4s... 00 Nor Pac 4s 100%
j B & O 4s 100 Nor Pac 3s 70%
Do 3%s »2% N & W con 4s... M%
Do conr 4s 96 j Reading gen 4s... 95%
ran South 2nds..lO8 SLUM con 5s. 110',
i On of Geonr 5s..lO4%!S L & S F 4s 92
i Cen of G 1st Inc. 74%|S L S'wsrn lsts.. 94%
i C & O 4Hs 102 S L 6'wstrn 2nds. 72
C & A 3%s 73%| S A & A Pass 4s. 77%
<" B & Q new 4s. 93% ' Southern Pao 4s.. 88
C M & S P gen 4sl03%|Sou Railway 5s
C & N con 7s 130%iT & Pac lsts 114%
C, R I A P 4s... 100 T. S L & W 4s.. 72V4
C & St L gen 4s. 95 Union Pac 4s 99*4
C Term 4s 73 Do conv 4s 94%
C & South 4s S3 Wabash lsts ....114%
1) & Rio G 4s flS%! Do 2ds 104
Erie prior lien 4s. 96% ; Do Deb B t>5%
Do gen 4s 83%!West Shore 4s 109%
F W & D C lst.-103%;w & L E 4s fi9
Hock Va.1 4HS...105 l Con Tab 57
Manhattan 101%|C F & I 67%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con...... 10 ] Little Chief .... 06%
Alice 1* Ontario 5 12%
Breece 15 Ophlr 155
i Brunswick Con . . 03 ! Phoenix 08
Comstock Tunnel 03%'Potosl 11
Con Cal & Va. ..1 30 j Savage 17
Horn Silver 1 00 (Sierra Nev RS
Iron Silver 1 50 j Small Hopes ... 20
I Leadville Con.... 02 'Standard 175
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Westlnghse. Com.. 82
Call loans 4%*f3 Mining —
! Time loans 5 0«i Adventure 3%
1 Bonds — Alloues 5V*
i Atchison 4s 94% Amalgamated ... 4S*,
I Mex Cent 4* 72 |Daly West 39%
Railroads— jBlngham 25%
Atchieon - 67 jCalumet & Hecla.480
Atchison pfd 91% Centennial 20 =
! Boston *• Albany. 246 Coppper Range... 05
| Boston & Maine. .168 Dominion Coal... S2
! Boston Elevated.. 157 Kranklin 8%
I N Y. N H & H..196% Isle Royale 7
! Fitchburg pfd 135 Mohawk 42
! Union Pacific 76 Old Dominion 3%
j Mexlcnn Central.. 13 ! i Osceola 59%
M iscwllaneous — Parrot 20
I American Sugar.. 11514 Quincy t<5
I Am Sugar pfd US'-; Santa Fe Copper. 1%
1 Am Tel & Tel. ...132% 'Tamarack 100
, Dom Iron & Steel. 12 Trinity 7%
i General Electric. .162 United States 19%
! Mass Klectric 21H Utah 28
j Mass Elec pfd... 7U% Victoria ;. 3%
! United Fruit 96 Winona .'. 8%
| U S Steel 23 Wolverine 72
! U S Steel pfd 71
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
I Cons for money... 80%]N Y Central 125%
Tons for account.. t>9% Norfolk &. Westn. 64%
1 Anaconda 4%INor & West pfd.. »0»-j
! Atchison 66 T i'Ontario & Westn. 21%
'¦ Atchi.«on pfd O.V«i, Pennsylvania .... 6Hi
j Bait & Ohio 14%'Rand Mines 10
; Canadian Pacific. . 127 vjReadlns 27%
; <"hes & Ohio 34%lReading 1st rfd.. 40%
Chgo G Western.. lTrijReadlng 2d pfd... 35%
Chgo. M & St P. .14«iVi Southern Ry 23Va
De Beers 2O%iSou Ily pfd 8ti%
f Denver & Rio Gr. 20%jSouthern Pacific. . 46%
' D & R G pfd S0% Union Pacific 77 »<
! Erie. 30% Union Pac pfd 88%
Erie l*t pfd «a»« U S Steel 23%
Erie 2d pfd 5'J% U S Steel pfd 73
I Illinois Central... 137 Wabash 22
1 Loulsvl & Nash..lOSVi Wabash pfd Stf
! Mo, Kans A Tex. 20%
The Potato market was reported firm at pre
vious prices, under light receipts and an active
demand for shipment to Alaska and the South
west. Choice river Burbanks continued to
command the usual premium over the quoted
rates. Sweet Potatoes moved freely at steady
prices. A carload came In from Merced.
Stocks of Onions were heavy, hut th» market
was steady at the previously quoted rates.
Receipts of Tomatoes from the river were
light and prices ramred higher, but all other
descriptions of vegetables arrived freely an<l
prices stood as previously quoted, with the de
mand rather slack. Bay Tomatoes were plen
tiful and soft stock sold to the canners at the
minimum quotation. There were heavy re
ceipts of Green Corn, including: much poor
stock, which dragged. Lima Beans were easy,
while String and Wax were firm at previous
prices. All other vegetables were in fair re
quest.
POTATOES — Burbanki" frcm the river. 50c©
$1 per ctl, with some fancy higher; Salinas
Burbanks, $1@1 50 per ctl: Early Rose, nom
inal: Sweet Potatoes. 1%©2c per lb.
ONIONS— 60(9 60c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Gre«n Corn. 75c3$l 60 per
sack; crates from Alameda. flfzl 50; from
Berkeley, S0c#$l; Green Peas. 2@3c per Ib:
String Beans. 2V4@3c per lb; Wax. 24S3c;
Lima Beans, |1@1 25 per sack: Tomatoes. 40<g>
75c per box for river, and 30®75c for bay: Sum
mer Squash. 30340c per box; Cabbage. 75<gS5c
per ctl; Carrot3. 75c per eack: Cucumbers. 25*fJ
40c per box; Pickle Cucumbers. 3@3Vfec for No.
1 and lS2Vic per lb for others; Garlic. 2fi3s per
lb; Oreen Peppers. 25©40c per box or sack;
Green Okra. 35€50c per box; Egg Plant. 4(K?
COc per box; Marrowfat Squash. $10^12 per ton.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
All descriptions remain unchanged, with a
quiet market for Beans.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 «O©3 13: Pea. $3 23; But
ters. $3 23: small White, $2 i:.in C5; large
White. $2 50t?2 60: Pink, $2 75<g2 00; Red.
$2 f>0®3: Lima. $3 2593 40: Red Kidneys, nom
inal; Blackeye. $2 5062 65 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $1 40@l 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, ncmlnul: Flax. $1 70*61 80; Canary.
595'Sc for Eastern; Alfaifa. nominal; Rape.
l%©2tfc; Timothy. 6©8Hc; Hemp. 3US^V,c
per lb; Millet, ZQ3V,c; Broom Corn Seed. $20<tf
23 per ton.
DRIED PEAS — Green. $1 SO22 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
.' .Fair trading in local stocks and bonds.
. All Eastern stock and grain exchanges closed to-day.
: -San Francisco Grain Exchange adjourned to Tuesday.
. Jl'aU-strcct stocks somczvhat higher on the day.
¦ Wheat quiet at about previous quotations.
'/-. Stronger English Barley markets advance prices hire.
¦ Oats and R\e stcadv- Corn beginning to weaken.
.. Fecdstuffs generally weak. Hay as before.
". Beans continue quiet. Seeds dull and nominal.
¦ .Arrival of a line of salt Butter from the East.
'Eggs another point higher. Cheese plentiful and dull.
: -Eastern Raisiji trade surprised by prices established here.
'Provisions much firmer here and in the West.
. Wool dull, ozving to the strike. Some changes in Hides.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs as previously quoted.
Potatoes wanted for shipment to Alaska and the Southtvest
' J'ery little cJtangc in Onions and Vegetables.
. Poultry and Game selling off well at firm prices.
. Fresh Fruits in light local and shipping demand.
¦ Citrus Fruits active, zrith Mexican Limes still higher.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Quebec 1.653.271 31.8 ....
Hamilton 1.007,028 43.6
Bt. John. N. B.. 1.101.171 43.9 ....
Victoria. B. C ¦ 403.596 35.4 ....
•"London 760.7S2
Totals. Canada.. $46,747,053 ~7a
•Balances paid In cash. ••Not included in
totals because containing other items than
clearings. •••Not Included in totals because
of no comparison for last year.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Sept. 4.— FLOUR— Receipts,
28,260 barrels; exports, 67,431 barrels. Quieter,
but held at old figure*. , . •>->_ -
WHEAT — Receipts. 15,800 bushels. Spot,
easy; No. 2 red, 66%c elevator; No. ,2 red. *SV«c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth. 95%c f.
o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, 95c f. o. b.
afloat. On further showers In the Northwest,
coupled with disturbing news from Turkey,
wheat opened firmer, only to react shortly un
der northwest selling and bearish cable news.
The afternoon market was dull and easy, clos
ing Mt&YtC net lower. May, 8S?4S89«ic, cloeed
89c; September. 87%©SS%c, closed 87%c; De
cember, 87 13-16@89 9-16c, closed 88c.
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Quiet.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
MOLASSES— Firm.
COFFEE — Spot, quiet. The market for cof
fee futures clcsed steady net 5 to 10 pointB
higher. Sales, 14,250 bags. Including: October.
4c; November, 4.C5c; December, 4.35@4.40c;
March, 4.60c.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; refined, firm.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market Is
quiet, with quotations for the old crop of fruit
more or less nominal in the absence of demand,
while new fruit Is not moving rapidly enough
to encourage a range of quotations. Old com
mon are quoted at 4i55c, prime at 5Vi@5*ic.
choice at 6<tt6^c and fancy at e?i@7tyc.
: PRUNES— Spot prunes are fairly steady at
quotations ranging from 4Uc to 7c for all
grades.
APRICOTS — Continue firm. „ Choice are quot
ed at 9V4<S«%c. extra choice at 9%@10%c and
fancy at ll>4@12c. ¦ -•'
PEACHES— Are in moderate demand and
steady. Choice are quoted at 7W87?ic and ex
tra choice at 7%eSi4c.
Bran and Shorts are quoted very weak, but
Middlings show more steadiness than the two
others. There Is no change in Hay, receipts
of which are running- heavy.
' BRAN— »23 50GT24 00 per ton.1- .-
MIDDLINGS— $28 60©28 per ton.
SHORTS— 123 60@24 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFF8— Rolled Barley. $24825 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, 126026 50: job
bing;. $27@27 00; Cocoanut Cake. 121022;
Corn Meal. $33633 50; Cracked Corn. $33 509
34 50; Mixed Feed. $22 50@23 50; Horse Beans.
$28930 per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $11914 50, with sales of extra
choice at $15; Wheat and Oat. $11913 50: Oat,
? 10g 13; Wild Oat. $9 50011 50; Barley, $0311',
Clover. $8 50®U; Stock. $8 80; Alfaf a, $9 503
10 50 per ton.
STRAW—358C5C per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff*.
Butter and Cheese stand exactly the same
as last week. Eggs, too, remain the same,*
although receipts arc dwindling and higher
prices are looked for In the near future.
Meats are still selling: at the loug estab
lished prices, while Poultry and Game con
tinue plentiful, with prices reasonable. Most
kinds of Fish are plentiful and prices are
stationary. The open season for Crabs closed
on the last of August and there will be none
on the market for two months. Shrimps and
Crawfish are on the market again.
There is an abundance of vesetables. as
usual at this time of the year. and. prices
stand about the came as quoted last week.
Several varieties of fruit are becoming scarce
pnd prices are commencing to advance, but
most descriptions are still plentiful. ,f
COAL. PER TON—
Wellington ..$ — 010 00 New
Seattle S — @ 8 50 Wellington $ — ©10 00
Boslyn $ — @ 9 00 Coos Bay ...f — & 7 60
Richmond ...S— ®9 60 Greta • — © » °0
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.—
Butter, choice, eq55®70| Comrrion Eggs .. — ®30
Do good 45@30 Ranch Eggs ...35@40
Do packed. lb27H©30 Eastern Egg3..27%@30
Cheese. Cal 15®20 Honey, comb, per
Cheese. Eastern.. 2O©25 pound — @20
Cheese. Swiss ,.25@35 Do extracted .. 8@10
MEATS. PER POUND —
Bacon 15©22 Pork Sausage.. 12%©13
Hams 16® IS Smoked Beef ...— @20
Lard 150—
The 8an Francisco Butchers' Protective As.
sociatlon gives the following retail 1 prices for
meats:
Roast Beef 10#181Hlndqrtr Lamb..l8©20
Tenderloin Steak.l5®18 Foreqrtr Mutton. 8@10
forterbse. do.l7H®22H Leg Mutton ...12HS15
Sirloin Steak.. 12H©15 Hutton Chops.. 12%@1S
Round Bteak ..10@12^ Mutton Stew .... 8010
Beef gtew —©10 Roast Veal 12@20
Corned Beef .... t@10 Veal Cutlets . ...1.V320
Soup/Bones 43 — Veal Stew 12^4215
Soup Meat Sf* 10; Roast Pork . . . 12 % l £ l *•
Lamb Chops ... — 620 Pork Chops 15&1S
ForeqrtrLamb .1244J15!
POULTRY AND GAME—
Hens, each 60@80 Geese, each $150
Young Roosters. Goslings $1 75
e *ch 40®75 Pigeons, pair .*.— «30
Old Rooaters. ea.CO^Qo Squabs per pair. — ©50
Fryers, each-. 40<g50 Rabbits each .. — ©20
Broilers, each.... 254J40 Hare, each .... — S 20
Turkeys, per lb..23®24!,Wlld Doves, di..Sl 25
Ducks, each 50085!
FRUITS AND NUTS—
Alligtr Pears, ea.25@35|Lime9. do* —013
Almonds .15620 Lemons doz ....15Q;&
Apples 3@ 5 Nectarines lb ... — 0 h
Blackberries. dr..25<3,"50 Nutmeg Mel ea.2*4<&r>
Cantaloupes 10S20| Oranges, doz' 25@50
Cranberries, qt...— 625[ Plums, lb Z<Q 5
Crabapples. lb .. 3® 4 • Pomegranates. ea2 1 4'S3
Pecans — @20 Peaches, per lb.. 5@ 3
Brazil Nuts 20©— Pears, per ib .. 5® 6
Bananas, doz . .25@40 Pineapples ea...25@5o
Chestnuts — ®12>4 Quinces, lb — @ 5
Cocoanuts. each. — @10 Raisins per lb.. RffflR
Dried Figs, pr lb— ©10 Raspberries. drw50@75
Fresh Figs, pr lb.lO©15 Strawberries per
Grapes, pr lb ... 8© 6 drawer 20050
Grape Fruit. dz.75e<g*l Walnuts, per Ib..l5<f*2ti
i Huckrb'rlets. Ib....l2ft Watermelons ea. 10-323
VEGETABLES—
Artichokes, doz.. .40@30; Onions, per lb.. 1@ 2
Asparagus, lb 10015! Okra green lb. 5@ 6
Beets, dozen 10ft— Okra! dried 1 Ib. 1 .— #25
Beans, white, lb. 5@— Potatoes. Ib ... 20 2Vi
Colored, per lb 6®— Parsnips per dz.15020
Dried Lima. lb... «@ 8 Rhubarb lb — ® 5
Cabbage, each .. 6*810 Radishes.dz bchsl5<920
Celery, head JX310 Sajre. dr. bunches250 —
Cress, dz bunch.150— String Beans, lb. 5@ S
Cucumbers, dz.... 10015 Summer Squash
9, arllc — @ 6 per lb 30 3
Green Corn. doz.25@40 Sprouts per lb... 6@ S
Oreen Peppers, lb iii 8 Spinach, per lb..— Q 3
Dried Peppers ..10*723 Fweet Potatoes.
fc.Kg Plant — et 5 per lb 50 0
Green Peas, lb . . e& S Thyme, dx bnchs.25&30
Lettuce per doz.15620 Turnips, per dz..— 1 1.I
Leeks,<is bunchs.lfle20 Tomatoes, lb ... 33 5
Lima Beans, lb.. 33 5
FISH—
', Rarracouta — @15IS«>a Bass — ©15
Tarp 10S12H Smelts — ©15
i Catfish _>^i2l$ Soles 12>4#13
Codfish — @12Vi Skates each ...10^15
Flounders 10-ft— Squid — @10
Halibut 15W — Tomcod 121*0
Herring — @ — Turbot 20#
Mackerel — 015 Trout. Salmon ..—©33
Do horse 154* — Trout —iiiO
j Rockflsh — 015 Brook Trout ... — 675
talmon. fresh — 015 Whlteflsh 109—
Do smoked .. .—025 Clams, gallon ..50#—
Pardlnes 100 — Do hardshell.ih saio
Shrimps — @10Crawflsh, lb...lO@12ti
Fhad 106 — [Crabs, each —^8— •
I Striped Bass — <7i 15 j Mussels quart. — @1-Vi
, Perch 1017 — I Oysters.' Cal 10O.404J5O
Pompino — (5T3O| Do Eastern,dz.30!SJ0
! Rockcod — @15'
Corn Meal, $3 60; extra cream do, f 4 25; Oat
Groats, $1 60; Hominy, H 25@4 50; Buckwheat
Flour, |4 50@4 75; Cracked Wheat. S3 75; Fa
rina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 75: Rolled
Oats, bbls. $768 60; In sacks. JtS 50©8 10;
Pearl Barley. $t>: Split Peas, boxes. *7; Green
Peas, 55 50 per 100 lbs.
THE SAN FRA1S CISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 5. 1903.
FAMILY RETAIL MARKEi\
STOCK MARKET.
Continued on Page Thirteeu.
The situation has suddenly improved all
Provisions.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $4 60®
4 85. usual terms: Bakers" Extras, $4 6004 «O;
Oregon and ¦ w *»J l ,J=gi° I I''J? P 0 ®^ 80 P«r bbl
lor family and $3 90©4 40 for Bakers.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices tn packages arc aa
foil ivi: Grmhara Flour. $3 50 per 100 lbs; Ry«
Flour. $3 25; Bye Meal, $3; Rica Flour, |7;
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION SALES
fe AUCTION SALE
95 Horses-95
By order of JAMES McCABE. of Lassen
County, we will sell 65 head of mares and
geldln«, weighing from 1K0 to 1300 pounds;
good blacks; heavy bone, fine condition; also
30 head of small horses, suitable for milk and
bakery wagons.
SALE TAKES PLACE 11 A. M.
Tuesday, September 8, 1903
At Salesyard, 1732 Market St..
San Francisco.
Stock la yards Sunday.
FRED H. CHASE & CO.. Auctioneers.
Auction^ Sale.
80~HORSES~80
By order of G. H. MEISS of Slakiyou Co.
I WILL SELL
A Second Consignment of Horses,
Consisting of SO head of broken and un-
broken horses. Sal© takes place.
II a.m. THURSDAY, September 10,
* At J. a KORAN'S STOCK YARDS. Cor.
Tenth and Bryant streets.
W. H. HORD. Ancttoneer.THE SAN FB AjS'CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1903. .
12
HELP WAyTED--lL4^g---Con^_
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
52O Sacramento st -~°-y
Phone Main 1191. Cor. Lcidesdorff st.
Steamer Sails This Morning.
Call early— Steamer sails this morning ior
Astoria. Oregon. Astoria, close to Portland.
Very cheap fare. $ .
15 laborers $51 found. £ ce *J
10 rockmen. $59 found. Fe * * x
Company work: no strike; no discount.
We are the only office that ships.
BUTTE CO CHICO— 2 Jobs— HALF FARE.
FEE $1— Ship To-night— FEE Jl.
25 teamsters laborers, rockmen, $2 -5 to
$2 50 day.
Diamond Match Co.'s Own Work — Fee $1-
60 laborers, spikers, etc.. $2 to $2 50 day.
WiUIts — 25 teamsters — Free Fare — Fee fl.
Free Fare — Near City— Winter's Job.
25 laborers. $2; 23 trackmen, $2 25 day.
1000 other Jobs not advertised. Call and read
our bulletin boards; also get a free list of
Jobs at the PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY. 520 Sacramento st.
WANTED — For the U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men. between 21 and 33;
good character; must speak s read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
In all parts of ths world, on land In our Isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations in the
United. States. Apply at recruiting offlce. 40
Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal.: 222 Vi N. Main
St.. Los Angeles, Cal., and 401 K St.. Sacra-
mento, Cal.
WANTED — Four or five bright boys, about 16
years old, living at home, with good refer-
ences, to enter a large wholesale house for
the purpose of learning the. business; salary.
$15 per month to begin with. Reply by let-
ter In own handwriting, giving references.
Box 2490, Call offlce.
JOURNEYMEN barbers, take notice — Labor
day parade all members must be at our hall.
32 O'Farrell St., at 8:30 a. m . All must
be present or fine will be enforced. By or-
der of the union. JOSEPH R. BLEILY. Sec
WANTED — Experienced silk salesman for re-
.tail dry goods house to take charge of de-
•partment; good salary; city references re-
quired. Address M. R. & CO.. box 1706.
Call office.
WANTED — Educated young man to learn our
business and take responsible position when
qualified; $»00 per year; first-class references
required. Stoddard Lectures, 210 Examiner
building.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers.
Apply room 14. 26 Montgomery St., San
Francisco Construction Company.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mail chgs. 11 Third St.. Exam. bid.
COATMAKER for country. REISS BROS. &
CO.. 24 Sutter st.
YOUNG butcher and boy wanted to drive
wagon. 1919 Flllmore st.
WANTED — An honest, responsible man; steady
position; $100; security req. 53 3d. room 1.
BARBER shop for sale; 3 chairs; steady; rent
$12. Inquire at Call offlce.
STEADY, active boy for wholesale house; state
age and experience. Box 2133, Call office.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition In S. F.
Barber School, 741 A Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart St.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40, Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Pest. G.A.R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 35c night; reading rooms;
free "bus and baggage to and from ferry.-
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
_ subscriptions has been established at 1096
w Valencia street.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half j
•price. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts. J
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 25c
to SOc. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AXD WAGONS. ~~
DARK bay gelding, black points (pacer) 7
years old, 16-1 hands high, fast and gentle;
sire. Prince Nutwood; dam, Bellwood.
Eclipse Stable. 1375 Eddy st.
ON account of going to build, entire stock of
wagons, buggies and harness must be sold at
sacrifice. Coiner 13th and Valencia sts.
FOR sale— Handsome trap; cheap. Box 1050,
Call office.
FINE horse, harness and buggy for sale, cheap. I
1433 Folsora st., horseshoeing shop.
FOR sale — Doctor's Stanhope phaeton; as good
as new. At ROBERTS'. 1613 Market St.
8 GOOD horses for sale cheap. 327 Slxta st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light cam_#g wagon
and gocart for w>le cheap, fire »t.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245 209 Geary
St., on the square.
BEFORE moving get oar printed lint of houses
to l"t. n>LT)WTN* *r HPWELL. 25 Post st.
HOUSES TO LET FURMSHKO.
WELL furnished house, eleven rooms, bath,
gas and electricity; nr. university and car
lines. 2163 Dwlght way. Berkeley.
ELEGANTLY furnished honse, 10 rooms. 2
baths: sunny, large garden; grand view.
419 Oak st. " .
ARK, furnished complete; sale or rent. Apply
916 Market St.. rcom 70.
HOUSES FOR SALE.
FOR sale — To be removed. 2 houses. 1217 and
1219 Sutter st. Apply, to MR. SHEDDEN.
manager St. Dunstan's.
LOST A.\D FOUXD.
IRISH setter pup; little white front of neck;
license No. 3.N97. Liberal reward If returned
to 1010 Franklin St.; Dhone Ea3t 769.
LOST — Pair of pold spectacles; glasses were In
a Geo. Maverle black case. Return to 936
Hampshire st. and receive reward.
LOST — Wednesday, black cocker spaniel;
brown feet. DR. SHORT.' 101 Phelan build-
ing; reward.
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernia Saving?
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of ROSE THERESE PFITZER No.
25S-187. The finder will please return to
Bank.
$20 — LOST, on the 7:30 p. m. narrow gauge
train. August 13, suit case containing wear-
ing apparel and mining deeds. Return the
same to W. KENT. Twelfth-st. saloon. Oak-
land, and get reward; no questions asked.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernia Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco la
the name of HENRY WIGGINTON or EL-
LEN W1GGINTON. No. 25S-449. The finder
will please return to bank.
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of CATHERINE DROWN, No. 228-
1328. The finder will please return to Bank.
LOST— Lady's watch attached to black silk I
cord with fob chain and gold ring; liberal
reward. S. P. CO.'S agent. Corbtn station.
via West Berkeley
REWARD for return of dress suit case markfd
„- J. A. K., left at corner Page and Buchan— i
lU. Return to Dramatic Review offlce 24
% Geary it.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
. MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH. SDeclaHst for all female
complaints: Instant relief guaranteed- 30
years' experience; removed to 820 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all t».
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
llef guaranteed. 10C&% Market st. opp. 5th.
DR. G. W O'DONNELL-AU who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped: the most difficult cases treat-
td: advice free. Offlce. 101S Market st.
MRS. D ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable lad'.w"
specialist: a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care: low fee*.
A maternity villa; private: secluded; conflden-
tlal. Dr. E. Funke. 1416 Eighth nt.. Alameda.
DR. ROSEN moved to 2att5 i'olsom st. cor
26th: relief yiO; ladies' exclusive offl c ;.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ne*s— ExDert
In obstetrics, female comp.^5 yrs.experlence.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBi-
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.'
DR. NO TOY KEE.- 318 Powell st.. opposlt.
Union square: all disease* cured by herbs.
MlLLIA_Uy.
Ladles' Imported & tailored hats Just In- call:
prices low to start them going: frames' mad*
to fit the face. MME. DOSCH. 207 Post st.
HELP WASTED — MALE — Cop.
MURRAY & READY
# 634-636 Clay st. Phone Main 5S4S.
Leading E mploynlent and Labor Agents.
1002 WE GAVE 1003 "WE'LL GIVE
45.000 MEN WORK. 60,000 MEN WORK.
TO-DAY WE SHIP FREE TO
NEVADA, ARIZNA.
OREGON. LOS ANGELES,
HAWAIIAN ISLANDS WTLLITS UKIAH,
AND ALL' POINTS S.' P. and Santa Fe.
NORTH. EAST and SOUTH.
RAILROAD HELP of every description. In-
' eluding drillers. - hammer and corner men,
muckers, laborers, teamsters blacksmiths,
cooks and waiters. $5, $1, $3, $2 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
COME.
365 laborers, teamsters, city and country
Jobs. $2. $2 50 and $3 day. All classes of
worlt. Come see
155 Italians, $2 25 day.
You board yourselves. Steady Job_
26 laborers, free fare. 14 miles away. $42
and found.
155 coal miners, free fare. $$ to $5 day
165 laborers, teamsters. Wllllts, Ukiah/free
fare, $67 60.
Do You Know — Free Fare —
On every train we ship to S. P. Cb.'s own
. work, on all divisions, laborers extra gangs;
also section hands.
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY.
156 teamstera and ax men. $75.
197 laborers and drillers $75.
155 track layers, ballast' track. $67 60.
Cost you only $1; no discount; steady Job.
. 'MINES QUARRIES. TUNNELS.
155 laborers, you'll suit. $60. $75. found.
t»6 miners and timbermen. $90 found
186 quarrymen, also drillers $82 to" $90.
96 carmen, furnace men $75 v
STABLES. FARMS. DAIRIES, HARVEST.
196 farm, orchard, vineyard hands. $30 to
$45 found. . /
38 milkers, butter makers, $30 $35, $40 fd.
156 harvest hands, hay balers. $2 50, $3 day.
6S choremen, coachmen, gardeners $30 to $50
and found.
16 stablemen, city and country. $30 to $45 fd.
86 men for brickyards, $35 to $80 found.
MARRIED HELP WANTED.
12 men and wives, farms. - orchards, mines,
mills. $40 to $70 and found.
MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay Bt.
WHERE ARE THEY?
86 lumber trusts and syndicates.
Located In Four States.
Managers here. Two Territories.
FREE — FA RE — FREE.
995 laborers, no experience wanted, $35 to $70
and found.
1SS experienced mill and yard men, $40 to
$150 and found.
38.1 woodchoppers. $40 to $150 and found.
386 woodchoppers. tiemakers, shingle, post,'
picket and box bolt makers; tools and pro-
visions found.
BIG L MURRAY & READY.
TRUSTS. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— COOKS— BIG PAY.
COOKS. BIG PAY. COOKS. COOKS.
26 cooks for harvest and fruit ranches, hay
presses, etc., $70, $60, $50, $40, $30 found;
very few men to cook for; no women there.
4 cooks for different mines, $70, $65, $50, $40
and found.
46 cooks, hotels, restaurants, cafes, saloons,
etc, $70 to $40 and found.
WAITERS.
82 waiters, different places. Including cafes,
grills, $45 to $30 found.
6 bell and elevator boys, city and country po-
sitions, $15 to $30 found.
I) porters and bedmakers, city and country
positions, $45 to $20 found.
86 dishwashers, etc.. for city and all parts of
California, $40 to $25 found.
18 boys to learn trades and work In factories,
$6 to $12 week.
COOK, NEVADA, $50; FARE PAID.
MURRAY & READY, 634-630 Clay st.
EXCEPTIONAL GOOD MINE.
\ 15 laborers, no experience wanted, $67 50.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
ITALIANS— FREE FARE— ITALIANS.
86 laborers, Humboldt Co., Lumber Co.; man-
ager at our offlce; $35 to $50 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
ARE YOU GOING FRUIT PICKING TO-DAY
OR TO-MORROW? 295 men wanted; any-
body/can do the work; a man or a boy who
can' eat fruit can pick fruit.
' $1 FEE. $1 Fare.
FRUIT $30 found. FRUIT
PICKING $30 found. PICKING
TO-DAY $30 found. TO-DAY
Some to work about packing- and dry houses;
you "can have a good vacation. Go, come
back with $90 to $120. We ship NORTH,
EAST, SOUTH; also many to the great
wineries.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
CARPENTERS.
4 carpenters for vineyard and wine co.,$tO fd.
4 carpenters, lumber co. ; fare $3; $75 fd.
4 carpenters; all eame work; SOc fare; plain
work; $3 to $3 50.
25 can-enters; big R. R. Job: $90.
CARPENTERS AND HELPERS; FARE $3.
12 carpenters; plain work; $90.
15 laborers to help them and do Other work,
$67 50; steady, good Jobs for Americans.
WATER, ELECTRIC POWER SYNDICATE.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
RPECIAL —BY— TELEGRAPH
MIDNIGHT —BY— PHONE & LETTER.
1<5 ranch teamsters, different jobs, $32 to $40
and fouml.
TUOLUMNE CO.— FARE PAID.
39 laborers, flrst-class lumber company, $60.
ARIZONA TO-NIGHT.
EUREKA— HUMBOLDT— FARE PAID.
32 laborers, big, good lumber co., $60 to $75.
SONOMA COUNTY.
26 laborers, fare paid, big lBmber CO., $30 to
$80 found. V
EL DORADO COUNTY — FARE PAID.
10 more laborers, ble lumber trust, & fd.
RESERVOIR WORK.
26 laborers and teamsters, fare ?1 50, $67 50.
FREE FARE.
35 carpenters, all plain work, only few
tools, $90.
16 laborers or carpenters' helpers, no tools,
$00.
68 TRACKMEN, NEW WORK, $67 50.
2 tank cocDers, winery. $3 50 day.
5 young men. distribute bills, $1 25, $1 50 day.
10 men for dry yards packing houses, north*
$32 60 and found. w
1'6 lumber pliers, Santa Cruz County, $60.
0 laborers, surface work, gold mine, south-
east. $67 50.
Tallyman and lumber grader, $3 day.
Best places. -- MURRAY & READY.
Biggest Wages. 634-630 Clay et.
FARE PAID. BIG MINES.
33 laborers, $00, $67 50
* 12 muckers. «i $75
. 12 hand miners, $S2 50
MANAGER HERE— CALL EARLY.
MURRAY & READY. C34-C36 Clay St.
FREE TO HUMBOLDT TO-DAY. FREE.
65 laborers, big lumber company. $35 found
TO-DAY— SOUTH— FREE.
26 laborers, Santa Barbara County.
3 waiters, mine, north. . $30 found
Cook, (5 men; dredger. $10 fd; furnaceman.
¦ $67 50; brick temperer, ?2 30 day; baker's
helper, $40 foynd.
FACTORY, SOc FARE.
• 12 laborers, board yourselves, $67 50
1 MURRAY & READY. G34-636 Clay st.
WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced
silk and dress goods salesman, to go to a
city not far from San Francisco. Apply be-
tween 9 and 11 a. m.. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Young man who Is a flrst-class
silk and dress goods salesman; one willing
to go a short distance from the city. Apply
between » and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — A first- class delivery bill clerk.
Apply between !• and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.' ?
SALESMAN wanted to carry the Carlisle line
on Pacific Coast; samples for spring now
ready; line well known to coast trade. Ad-
dress at once, with reference, CARLISLE
SHOE CO.. Carlisle, Pa.
BARBER shep proprietors who have their in-
terests at heart will attend mass meeting of
barbers to be held Sunday. September 6, at
102 O'Farrell st., at 2 o'clock.
YOUNG man as bus for flrst-class restaurant:
Rood pay. steady position: no fee. Apply 9
a. m. to 12 m.. Restaurant Keepers' Associa-
tion. 6 Eddy st.,' room 4t>.
TRY our men's, shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair; foot-form shoes at $.2 50, or
orthopedic shoes, $•{ 50; best shoes on earth. 11
Third St., Exam, bldg., 5 doors from Market.
BARBER wanted for Saturday evening till
Sunday noon at 352V4 Third st. >
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday. 137
Third st.
BARBER for Saturday afternoon and Sunday.
428 Sixth st.
GOOD paying barber shop for sale account of
• leaving city: very reasonable. 1541 Geary St.
BOY for dry goods store. 1058 Valencia s-C,
| corm-r HM1. | •
COMPETENT dishwasher. 612 Kearny st. !
BOOTBLACK. 104% Union Square ave.
WAITER wanted at 261 First at.
DISHWASHER wanted at 261 First st. *
WANTED— Saw filer. 1915 Mission st.
GENTS' furnishing Roods assistant; must be
acquainted with hats; state salary, experi-
ence and reference. • Box 4141, Call office.
WANTED — Clothing salesmen. Apply S. N.
VWOOD & CO.. 740 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker to work Inside. 1103
Market st.
BOY about 16 years; references. Carson Glove
Co.. 123 Second st. ;
FIRST-CLASS barber for Saturday and Sun-
day. 505 Fourteenth St.. Oakland. .
MISCELLANEOUS— -FOR SALE. "
DOES TOUR ROOF LEAK? ~ ~
, Repair It with elaterite; In ro u s easy to law-
needs no paintin? or coatin K: SO ja over old
iron, tin or shincles; best fcr i,i-w r*v*
ELATERIT- ROOFINQ CO.. 71P, Market «'.
COLLECTION nf shells, butterflies 'for°ifrn»arvl
bird eggs and other curies from all parts or
the world for sale. Apply at '-'tQi; Suttf- st.
A Fine suits. $7 6O; dress pants. %3 30. Ori^il
nal Misfit Clothing: Parlors. SJS K*arny st..
mar Bush: open to 0 p. m. Sunday to no.«n.
A— $3 5<> DERBY and fedora hats, *l 73. Pbj*.
ular Price Hatters. 3:S0 Kearny st., near
Pine; open till !> P- rn. Suiviay to noon.
A BUYS sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pioe. shafting, puliev ».
etc. ' WHITELAW. l'ja-255 Spear st.
HOWARD CCS — For sale. $175. 7 well fur-
nished rooms, i of which are rented and pay
the rent of house r no- dealer*.
NEWSPAPER route for tale: flni? chance tot
the right man. • Address N. A. LARSEN.
1715 Pacific ave.. Alameda.
SECOND machinery, boilers, engines. pumr».
¦ wood and Iron working machinery, bough?,
7oTd and lenteJ. H.8. WHITE. 13M:a Beale.
TRY our men's shcea at $1 and $t 50 pair;
foot-form »ho«yi at $2 50: we pay express
if^rJ^ll adst- Exam, bldg.; catalog free.
BOILERS engines. 2d-han<i machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
FOR sale— Fine steam automobile. )n perfect
order. 520 Lyon at.
A FINE 4% -carat perfect white diamond at a
bargain. 10 Sixth st.
A JULES JURGENSEN »-»£}«£ repeating
watch: very reasonable. 10 b-th tt.
ONE second-hand whitewashing jn*chln« at
ROBERT'S. 1615 Market st.
PAIR 3-karat diamond earrings at a bargain.
10 Sixth st. -
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard A Breck. 131 Pot »t.
MILES of pipe and flttlnsra: all *'*«••. EU "
GENE RILEY 4 SONS. 100 \ allejo st.
MOVING picture film and sons slides. 109
Montgomery st. .
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
6 CO.. 122 Market St. __
All bargalns;camp stools and chairs. hammocks,
metal bed3,mattresses.J.F.Hotter.7l2 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, mowing
picture machines, fllia s. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE englnea. automobiles and launches,
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont St.
SAFES New and second-hand. THE KER-
1 MANX SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ASK fcr prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makea. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
~ MISCELLAXEOCS WANTS.
T1I.TON wants good second-hand clothing anil
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st.: tel. Jesste 2S.il.
A BIG price paid for sealskins; s?nd posUL
25 Stockton st. ; phone Bush 4S4.
MONEY TO LOAM.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHtT
601-CC2-603 Examiner bullfilnj.
Quick settlements: no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, ai
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S4«
Market st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
; MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments: lareest business In
46 principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bids.
| \ — i per cent on furniture or piano.no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up: quick,
quiet, confidential. 2(> Montgomery St., r. 7.
MUNICIPAL T.OAN OFFICE. 10S Grant are..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
AT cut rates on real estate furniture or piano;
no commission E W. LICK. 100.1 Mutual
Sav. Bk. bid.. 70S Market: phone Main SI 8.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phclan Bldg.
MOXEY to loan on low interest: gold, silver,
diamonds pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J.' HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
MONEY leaned to salaried employes. G. T7.
MILLER, room 74. fifth floor. Chronicle bids.
S% ON furniture & pianos: $15 up: no removal;
V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. K8 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money t»
salaried employes. R.311, Mutual Sav. Bk. bid.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes w itho-rf
indorser. MORRELL. 6C9 Examiner bids.
A— YOU will not have to pay for special sal«
advertising on thest bargains. Uprights:
Collard. H7; Sherman & Hyd», $117; Filsher.
$05; Singer, almost new. $103; 2 Steinways.
good condition, large and small size. $169.
*:;".->: Chickerinjr. ?S5. SliiU: :; Heine, second-
hand $l'J5; slishtiy used. $237. $31)5; 1 Heinct
baby grand, $725; Krell. slightly used, dark
mahogany. $25)5. New bargains: Mason &
Hamlin upright. $285; Behr Bros., mahogany.
$247- Conover. $205. Piano players slightly
used' from $0O up. Pianc3 rented. $2 up.
apply on purchase. Installments, $? up.
Cash discount if paid In two years. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 215-237 Geary St.; largest ex-
clusive piano house of the West; agents for
the Gabler, Krell, Steger, Heine, Singer, etc.
A SMALL walnut Emerson upright, absolutely
like new, $135. 237 Geary st. •
STEINWAY upright, left fcy private party.
$163: a great bargain. 237 Geary at.
A CHANCE to get a good piano for » small
sum and then exchange for a better one by
and by Is what we offer you.
Our payments are easy and the quality at
the instruments all richt.- Some as low aa
$50. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO..
7C0 Market at.
THE greatest opportunity ever offered la Saa
Francisco to get a good reliable pUno cheap.
Before our removal we will sacrifice any In-
itrument for cash or Installments. Call or
write for prices and terms at once. KOHLER
_ CHASE. Established 1S5O. 3O O'Farrell.
A FEW upright bargains from $70 up. compris-
ing such makes as Chickerlng. Jacobsoo.
Vcse, Sterling. Knabe, Fischer. Schwccntea.
Wcser. Sc human and others; easy payments.
BEXJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell «t.; oo
branches In San Francisco. . '. ¦ _
BAND Instruments; F. Besson. Parts, maker.
Gus Mai w aid. Agt. Pac. Coast. 273 O'Farr-t!;
skillful repairing; 2d-hand instruments sold.
BARGAIN — Standard make upright: good con-
dition. SCHMITZ & CO.. It. McAllister st.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whltehead's Storage, 1633 Market.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stein-way upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. KeeSe*s.^SS OTarrell.
BUT direct frcm the factory and save 90 per
cent. HORNUNG. 21B McAllister it.
BEST renting piano In city for $3 per month.
SCOT T-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hay— »t.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy plane*. Cectllan piano
Player. BYROS MACZY. 308-31S Post st.
i PERIOR vMlns. zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pases, sent to any address in th«
United States cr Canada one year for iU
postage raid.
PIAXOS AXD ORGAXS.
PART of our list of bargains in sccond-lund
pianos for September, 190o —
Original
Price. Now.
1 SCHUMAS & SONS —
-Walnut case, medium s!ze. 7 1-3
octaves, three pedals, raised carved • ¦
panels. In good condition $300 1140
1 RICHMOND—
Mahogany case, small size, raised
carved panels. 7 1-3 octaves, three
pedals, slightly used, but In good
tondition 300 173
1 SPENCER—
Walnut case, cabinet grand en-
graved panels, three pedals, 7 1-3
octaves, good condition 32s 1S3
2 HOWARDS—
Walnut cases, medium size. 7 t-3
octaves, three pedals, mandolin at-
tachments. Rood crndltion; each.. 300 1S3
1 MOUESHAUER & BACH—
"Wainut . case, larse size^ raised
carved panels, three pedals 7 1-3
octaves, in very good condition... 330 190
1 NEWMAN BROS.—
Wainut case, large yjze upright.
7 1-3 octaves, thoroughly renovated
equal to n»»w 530 -oq
1 LUDWIG & CO.— M
Oak case, medium size, raised 9
carved panels. 7 l-:i octaves, three
pedals, gocd tone, in fine condition. 330 2J»>
Complete list furnished on application at
our store. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
- r __r ornfr Kearny and Sutter ats.
~^ ~* ~»~ — — — ——————— _— — —
LOKTS TO LET.
u °" to , le »»«— M«~Mi_ion st.. NW. corww
of Annie: light loft -of 4000 snuare feet: p*»-
•enger and freight elevator service; wlH \t—
T?£Ar»22. : L en JL r * Monabl »- SHAINWAXJX
M«U K b B u!ldl4 C °- 2 "~ 0 ««««-»«» «••
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
SITUATIONS —anted by 3 young oolored men;
competent waiters for hotel or clubhouse
parties: with good references. Address C.
P.. 127 Second st. !
ENGINEER (stationary) wishes situation; city
or country; can do own repairs: reference
given. Box 4144, Call.
MACHINIST, good all-round man, wants a
job in city or short distance in country.
Box 4147, Call.
CARETAKER— Wanted position as caretaker
or watchman by middle-aged man Box 4145.
Call offlce.
JOBBING carpenter wants work at repairing.
Inquire 007 Capp et. ; repairing neatly done.
YOUNG man. Industrious and capable, expe-
rienced stenographer, wishing to better him-
self, desires a position where there Is oppor-
tunity for advancement; please state salary.
Box 1707, Call offlce.
A GERMAN, middle aeed and single, wishes
a situation In grocery store and barroom:
flrst-class references. W. BOHLING, 417
Kcarny st.
RELIABLE German, middle-aged, single, tem-
perate, wants situation as watchman; ref-
erences, bonds. Box 1704. Call offlce.
YOUNG man would like situation as Inter-
preter, speaking German, French. Italian,
Spanish and English. Box 248S, Call.
STRONG young man wants position as helper
in blacksmith, machine or boiler fchop; city
or country. Bos 24S7. Call.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper desires a position;
local reference. Box 1710, Call -office.
CHINESE, flrst-class cook, wants situation In
hotel. W. W. Foo, 21 Brenham olace.
A GOOD Japanese schoolboy wants situation.
KOYANAGI. 1320 Pine st.
JAPANESE boy wants good position to do
housework. 309 Clement st. *
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wants position In
family or first-class hotel. 366 Ninth st.,
Oakland. . '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of^ce, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10911
Valencia st.
FLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department 1 ; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
Et.. on the square.
$25 — NEW modern, up-to-date, 6 sunny rooms;
grand view city and bay. Church St., Twen-
ty-third and Twenty-fourth sts.
FLAT 3 cozy rooms; rent $12. Apply 1325
Washington St., near Jones. .
MODERN upper sunny flat corner; 7 rooms and
bath. SOS Church, one block from Market.
$23 — LOWER flat; six large rooms and bath.
527 Thirteenth st.. near Market.
AN depant C-room fiat, nearly new; half block
from Market st. 3943 Seventeenth st.
NW, CORNER Mission and 25th — Modern up
to daie sunny flat. 6 rooms and bath.
„ _ _________________^___________^^. —
NOE. 153. north of Market — Sunny D-room bay-
window corner flat, 0 room3, bath.
UPPER flat to let: 4 rooms and bath; rent $18;
water free. 3if>V4 Tehama st.
I A NEW sunny flat, with the very latest im-
provements. 15C5 Grove st.
EE. CORNER Pace and Lyon— Middle flat, 8
rooms, bath; rent reasonable.
TO lei — Flat of four rooms; 1S97 O'Farrell.
HOOKER gc LENT. 14 Post st.
FLATS FOR SALE.
A BARGAIN— $4250: CORNER LOT, 2 FLATS:
LOT 25x114; 184 CLIPPER ST. SEB
OWNER ON PREMISES.
FLATS FOR SALE — FUKMSHED. .
FOUR rooms to let; furniture for sale. 913
Battery st.
FUK.XITUIl_ v WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
A. L. STORRS pays highest cash prices (urni-
ture. carpets, etc.; tel. Larkln 3631. 034 Ellis. •
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
WANTED — Cook, San Rafael. $35; San Mateo,
"no washing, $35; cook for children, $40; cook
for hospital, $40; 3 cooks, no washing, $30,
1 $35; parlormaid, $.J0; 4 second girls. $25:
laundress for boys' home. $25; cook and
I second girl, same house, $30, $25; 2 maids
and seamstresses. $25; 4 nurse girls, $15, $20,
$25; 4 chambermaids and waitresses, $20,
$25; housework. $30; cook and kitchen helper,
small hotel, $45; housework, Martinez, ?35;
housework, Sulsun, $30; 2 second girls for
Oakland, $25 and $40; houseglrls at good
wages, best of families, city and country;
call to-day. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sut-
ter at.
TWO chambermaids for first-class hotel In
city; no waiting at table; wages $20 each.
- MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter, nr. Powell.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdressing,
manicuring, etc.; trade taught fruni A to Z
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to Oil immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school in
West. 233 Geary st., room 13.
A— LADIES, learn all branches halrdresslnr
trade; manicuring, massage etc.; 1236 Mar-
' ket et.. cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at higneat wages; day and eve, class; call.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught frcm start to finish in one
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc., guaranteed at $10i>er week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
WANTED — Young lady to play piano; must
read at eight. Apply superintendent's offlce,
The Emporium.
WASTED — Experienced young lady capable of
talnng charge of veiling department. MARKS
BROS.. 1220 Market st.
WANTED— Twenty-five girls and 10 boys "to
work on fruit. Pacific Coast Syrup Co., 713
Sansome st. -
WANTED — A competent second girl. Apply
1200 Jones st.. between 2 and 6 p. m. Satur-
day, September 5.
GIRL to assist carlne of child; sleep home.
Apply 'ItiCI Octavia St., between 10 and 2.
A GIRL for cooking- and assist in housework,
$20. 120 Broderick st. ¦ '
FIRST-CLASS maid and seamstress. Inquire
1730 Pine st.. before 10 a. m.; from 1-3 p. m.
GIRL for plam cooking and housework; 2 In
family. ltKHJ Washington st.
WANTED — Millinery trimmers and makers.
Apply HOLM & NATHAN. 512 Market st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to do housework; $15
to $20. 81!) Filbert st.
YOUNG Rlrl care for baby afternoons: sleep
home. Hotel Cecil, Bush at., room 17.
HELP WASTED — FEMALE — Con.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
and canning; steady work; highest wages.
Apply California Canneries Co.. Brannan
•t.. between Third and Fourth.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV.
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32% FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
employment: day and piece work; highest
wages. CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO..
Bryant and Tenth.
A NEAT, capable girl; general housework;
good wages. Apply at room 73, Chronicle
bldg., Saturday, Sept. 5, bet, ji and 3 p. m.
EXPERIENCED anci Inexperienced bright
salesladies; also stock girl. The Gamosst,
101 Post st.
WANTED — Pants finisher or ilrl who can
sew; 'good wages. 415 Montgomery st.,
room 11, top floor.
GIRLS — About 15, for factory work; good
wages; apply at once. AMES & HARRIS,
100 Sacramento st.
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
to travel. Apply Girls' I Directory. Central
ave. and Waller st.
BRIGHT woman to travel for wholesale house.
Box 1700. Call offlce.
GIRLS about 15 years to wot4c on gloves;
¦wages to start. Carson Glove Co., 123 Second.
APPRENTICE at Mme. Lichau's dressmaking
parlors; paid while learning. 455 Geary st.
WOMAN to assist in housework, children. $15.
.210 Fair Oaks St.. near 23d and Guerrero.
WANTED— Finishers and quick sewers. Ap-
ply N. SIMINOFF. 1228 Market at.
COMPETENT cook for lnstltutlon^_2344 Sut-
ter St. _________TL__
WANTED— 2 ladles to travel with Rlngllngs*
show; must be stout. Box 2430, Call.
TAILORESS as pants finisher and apprentice.
5^ Kearny it., room 17. top floor.
LADY agents on salary. Call 9 to 3, office 59,
Columbian Building, 016 Market st. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription!
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions bar. been established at 1090
Valencia st.
HELP WANTED MALE.
At C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S
Employment Agency
429 Bush st 642 Clay st.
A SPECIAL TO-DAY — SEE BOSS HERE.
20 laborers for smelter $2 23
For Large Mining Company.
Free Fare s ee Boss here.
Special Shipment To-day: free fare for
Chatsworth Park Tunnel, L. A. Co., Cal.
12 tunnel tlmbermen $2 50 ¦
12 helpers, laborers $2 j
Company work; board $4 50; free fare.
Special Shipment to-day for Nevada.
Fence builders, Golconda, Nev $2 25 '¦
Laborers. Reno, Nev.; board $4 50 $2
Laborers, Beowawe and Golconda; board
S4 50 . 52
Hammertmen, Tecoma, Nev.; beard $4 50.' ?2 -"i
Ship dally f ree , f are
— — ™.
Extra gangs, section hands, California.... Jl 70
Free fare ship dally
Absolutely free fare for all above.
New R. R. work, Santa Fe'R. R.
Trackmen, laborers $2-$2 25
Free fare Ship dally
Laborers, teamsters, quarrymen $2-$2 25
Fruit and almond pickers $1 50
Butler. |S5-$40; married milker. *30; 5 farm
teamsters $30 !
Bread baker, country institution, see boss 1
„ nere $50
Pantryman, city hotel $35
Walter, Boca, fare advanced $33
Waiters, Santa Cruz, $40; Watsonville, S.ir.- I
Oakland . $30
Cook, Benicia 55^
Pot and dish washers, kitchen hands, silver-
men, city and country, $25-$35; extra wait-
ers, country, ?3 50 day. 1
Cooks, fryers, broilers, second cooks $40-$SO j
Walters, pantrymen, porters, houseman, south-
bell, elevator boys... $23-$45
C. R. HANSEN & CO Employment Agency
429 Bush st 042 Clay st. !
AN- errand boy for this offlce; good wages. |
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush St.
COOK for springs, XCO, and helper, J25; waiter
and wife, S50 and found; cook and wife, prl- j
vate family, S50 to $60 and found: baker for !
institution. $40 and found: boarding-house ;
cooks. S40 and $50 and found; restaurant '
tMrd cook. J3O; cook for 16 men, $4O and
found; 2 hotel waiters, country, $30 and
found; dishwashers, kltchenmen and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
2 MORE laborers for sawmills, and woods, $40
and found; buttermaker, see boss heret, $40 i
and found, call early: man for milk depots
$40 and found; milker, $35 and found; 2
farmers and wives, S40 and found; old man !
to care for place, ?5 month and found; boys
for factory and stores, $5, ?0 and $7 50 j
week; man about place, fS5 and found; as- '
. sistant gardener, *25 and found: blacksmith, '
$3 day; miners, laborers, quarrymen. wood-
' choppers and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st. -
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
59 Third st., nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
NEVADA. FREE FARE. NEVADA.
laborers. Southern Pacific's own work,
new Job, $2 a day. $1S board.
We ship every day. Free fare.
EUREKA. HUMBOLDT COUNTY.
FARE ADVANCED.
1" lumber pliers, $35 and board.
10 laborers, $35 and board.
• Ship by steamer Corona.
SAWMILL AND WOODS HEN,
- timber fellers, ?G0 and board.
.. barkers, $50 and board.
2 orosscuttcrs. $50 and board,
2 lookouts. $40 nnd board.
2 waterbucks. $40 and board.
CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. 89 Third.
I ANDRE'S offlce, 317 Stockton st. — Cook for
College, $45; cook. .' plain boarding-house,
country. $40 to $50: second cook. $75;; third ;
cook, *35; waiter, commercial hotel, country,
$30 to.S35; waiter, city, $10 a week;
dishwasher, Marin County. ?25; potwasher. i
Santa Cruz, J25: kitchen hand, city, $25; 2 ;
¦ men to do chores, country. $20; you—? men
to drive wagon for nursery. $25: young man
to tend bar and: help waiting-, country. $25;
, bedmaker, $7 a week ; nurse, private hospl-
¦ tal. good dresser. $50; porter, drug store, $9
. a week; butler, $50/
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12—
3 waiter?, same hotel, free fare, no fee, $30.
MEN to leirn barber, trade: only eight weeks
required; special offer this month; catalogue
and full Information mailed free. ? MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 *Clay St. ;
TRY. our men's shoes, union, made, at $1 and
¦ $1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay
exDress or mail chzs. 11 Third st.. Exam. bid.
SPIRITUALISM.
CONVENTION— California State Spiritualists"
Association Friday. Saturday and Sunday,
HejK. 4. 5 and <i; Ked Men's bldg.. 3-0 l'oat.
THOMAS OCKLLETTE; special life readings
•J5c; absolutely free unless correct; full
names given. 34 Sixth St.. rooms 10 and 12. 1
ARRIVED— PROF. FRED P. EVANS, the fa-
mous psychic; stamp for circular^ 1112 Eddy
st.. near Octavla. ' *
Dlt COLLINS, clairvoyant trance medium;
read, daily; circle to-nltht. 8. 1<M:> Market.
A— ETHEL CRINDLE. materializing seance.
Wed.. Frl. and Sun. eves., 6Oo. 1115 Post st.
KATIE HEL'SSMAN. circle Friday evening,
2.'>c: sittings. 1000 Harrison St.. cor. Sixth.
MRS. T. T. WHITNEY, trance clairvoyant,
business medium and life reader. 41C Turk.
EDWARD EARLE, 1052 Ellis, readings dally,
8:30 to f ; seances Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYAKTS.
ATTENTION— 41 ?1~ $1 $1 $1 $1 $L
My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 Jl $1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE,
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge if I fail to tell your
name, occupation and what you called for; I
promise to tell you whether husband, wife or
sweetheart is true or false; tell you whom
and when you will marry; In fact. I will tell
you every hope, fear or ambition better than
you can tell; I Improve your character so
that you will reach the highest possible de-
velopment in mental vigor, health, happi-
ness and capacity to earn wealth; so you
will live* happy and contented the rest of
vcur life: mediums developed; hours 10 a. m.
to 8 p. m.; Sundays 2 to S. 320 O'Farrell
>t.— X'6. -
MME. M. BERNARD j THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third et., next Examiner
bldg.; Ehe reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
cccur in the future; if you are In trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied In' life, or have do-
mestic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overccme them; valualil^advice in all affairs
of life: 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
ings by mail. Tel. Black 4569.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
et.. cor. Turk: private readings daily, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m.; readings by mall as satlsfac-
tcry as in person: 3 questions answered, $1;
fill life, 15: send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't send currency. Send postofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A — MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight; tells the past, present and future; :
ladles. 60c; gent*. $1; by cards, palmistry]
and clairvoyant sitting: $1 50. 128 Turk 6t I
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clalr. and palm.;
has second sight: a wonderful prophetess;
gives names; L. 50c. G. ?1; 3 questions by
mail. *2:hrs. 10 to 8. 714 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave.
Mrs. A. H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading, 10c, for
a short time only; when others fail try me to
convince yourself. 4<2 Franklin, near Grove.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice; ;
names given: 25c up. 5 4th s=t. . near Market.
MME. MARSEAU. clairvoyant card reader;
love, marriage, business; 25c. 545 Minna st.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
2fi'-a Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c, gents 50c.
MRP. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
ttngs daily. 44S'^ Jessie St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in v. rapper, for mailing, Jl per year.
CHIROPODISTS.
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 50~Geary^All
ailments of the feet cured: corns, bunions.etc.
OFFICES.
BANGHART &. WEYER.'
Collectors.
No. 1170 Market st. Room 37.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$26— fl-ROOM cottage to let; key at Park
House. 2304 Fultffri St.
OBVriSTS^
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1413 Market. nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth ¦
from f-H per set; extracting. 50c: gas given. |
I . ,
I A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break; i
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50; fillings. SOc;
I plates, $5; full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth et. |
I — — — . 1
I PARIS Dental Pailors, 2:;5 Kearny, cor. Bush — I
het teeth, $1 &0 up; crownsr?2 up; filling?. 25c.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver. 35c; crowns. $2; no
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.B. Hewitt, 204 Sutter.
10 PER CENT off this month; estimates free.
New York Dentists. OCSt Mission St.. cor. Cth.
DI^KS£MAJvEUS AM) SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery' School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew- j
art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor. |
t 1) VE1XG AXD CLEAXIXG. ~
: SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc., done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works. .>915 Sacramento; phone
for wagon, West 45C. H. HICKMAN. pres.
EDUCATIONAL.
1 A — CALDWELL College of Oratory. Acting,
¦ Opera and Authorship; largest in the West;
14 teachers; positions guaranteed; fall term
btgins Sept. 7; day and evening class; beauti-
ful new catalogue free. 1205 Market, ccr. Oth.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Tost. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch tvping,
languages, telegraphy, English branches;
day and night sessions, lllus. catalogue free.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1230 Mar-
! ket; modern, progressive, practical; estab-
j lished 15 years. Gregg shorthand, fastest,
• easiest, most readable. Actual business
! bookkeeping; typewriter at home free. j
j AYRES, the leading business college. 723 Mar-
! ket tt. ; special summer course in all depart-
- menu; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
\ ship. $50; day and evening sessions.
1 CALIFORNIA Business College, SC5 Larkln st.
"A thorough school" ; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; individual in-
struction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
I HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk st ,
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
! HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrlclty.24 Post
St., S. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment." Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.. min.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1S&4. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SYSTEM, discipline and results; the Golden
Gate Commercial College, Van Ness and Gol-
den Gate aves.. S. F. ; fills every requirement.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonia Hall, Howard
Et.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
A MUSICIAN teaches piano and singing thor-
oughly in 0 mo.; ?2 month. Box 4142, Call.
PIANO and German; pupil of Lelpslc Conser-
vatory; lessons 75c and $1. 34ti Golden Gate.
GUITAR accompaniment taught. SOiA Turk
street.
AT Klngsland Art Shop— Drawing, painting
and burnt work. 118-1 Halght St.. near Lyon.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTOX'S. 424 Pine st Night class.
LESSONS given In Water Color or Oil Paint-
ings from Nature. CtJRRIKR, 372 Sutter St.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar.writlng,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Misslon.nr.6th.
Chicago Business College. 1415 Market nr.lOth.
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkpg.. $8 mo.
* EMPLOYMENT OFFICES^
! GEORGE AOK?~42irpost Tt?MeT^liush~i35^
Japanese - Chinese employment offlce; fur-
nlfchea bestjielp; contracts for farm help, etc.
A— ORPHEITM Employment Offlce — Japanese-
Chintfe help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Offlce 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable 'help
CHINESE Employment Offlce— Best help at
Leon Seung's, 411 14 O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 vears '
I Tel. Main 1007. BRADLEY & CO.. «40"ciay]
_Jilt'LO\ >il-;.\T WANTED — FEMALE.
EXPERIENCED infant's nurse (German), with
Ijest <-lty refcrencet; city 01 country; wages
>^»0 to <?5. Apply 3377 Twenty-sixth st
iicai- Mission.
AN <lder!y German woman wishes a position
in a small faailiy; \§ neat, good cook and
refcrtncee; smal! wages. Box 1716. Call.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wa.its wcrk^by the
<Jcy. Address 77<i^. Folsom at.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. «33 McAllister «t.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
fubfcrlptioni hat been established. ftt 10&8
i > aUncia it
SA* FRANCISCO CALL.
nt'SnCCSS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, coiner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock nerv nirht in the year.
ROAXCU OFFICES — 527 Montgomery- street,
corner Clay; upen until U:S0 p. m.
"oO Hayes street; open until *J:"0 p. mJ
«»W McAlHHtr street ; ojpea until 9:30. p. m.
CIS Larkin street; o;>en until «:S0 p. m.
1-4J Mif.-ion etreet; open until 10 p. m.
2TC1 Market street, corner Sirte^nth; open
unti! 9 p. — .
!«*« Eleventh street: opfn until 9 p. m.
1(W6 Valencia str^t: cpen until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m
Northwest canter of Twenty-second and Ken-
USCkjr street*: open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; or-en until 9 p. m.
CUlllCH SERVICKS.
r.EV~_.~" ACROSS at Peniel Hall, Pine and
Kearr.y Sept. 6-20. both Inclusive. a"t h p. m.
.At 43 Third st. Sundays. t»-13-20 at 2:30 p.m.
.\i_mti-m; notices. -
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A. _
M.— Will meet 1HIS (SATURDAY)
KVENING. S«-pl. 3, at <^30 o'clock. /V\
P. M. arc" M. E. M. degrees. By or-
dfr of the H. T.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lcdpe No. 1. F. and A. O
M— Will meet THIS (SATLRDAY) X«
AFTERNOON. Sept. 5. at 2 o'clock. />r\
Ftrn dtgree. By order of the mas-
ter .FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. snd A.M. JB
-Special meeting THIS iSATt'RDAV) VY
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- /VN
sree. Master Masons cordially invited.
By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
KIESIQN Lodpe No. 1<5», F. and A. M.^ 21
<"alled mfetlr.ir THIS iSATT'RDAT) VY.
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. First />r\
_ degree. R. E. ALLAN. Sec.
?TAP.R KING Lcfice No. 344. F. ar»J n
A. M.. 317 Devlsadero st. — First degree 'VV'
TMIS (SATURDAY) EVENING at
7:30 o'clock. By order of the W M.
A^j^ ANDERSON. Secretary.
. TO the oTHctif and members of the Rig- /b-r$\.
»Tf' and Stevedores' Vr.ion Associa- _s__Su
lion. Local 2_t. of the I. L. M. and T. Asso-
ciation. — You me hereby notified to appear
at our hall, fi03 Front street, on- MONDAY.
September 7. at 7 a. ra.. to participate in the
Lalfr day parade. Hy order of
THOMAS F. DRYANT. President.
HKNRY JENI>. Rec. Sec.
MEMBERS of Ship and Machine Smiths' No.
t<*> will meet at fc o'clock, sharp, MONDAY
tfORKTXG. at their regular meeting place,
120 OFarrtll »t.
G. SANDEMAN, Rec. Pec.
MEMBERS of Local C4. I. ir. S. E— You are
hereby notified to asermble at corner Pacific
*\e. srd Van Nrss ave.. at S o'clock, MORN-
ING FEPT. 7. 1»<-X to participate in Labor
day parade.
CLARK C. BRADFORD.
Recording Secretary.
MECHANICS' INSTITUTE, Quarterly Meeting
Notice — The quarterly meeting of the mem-
bers of the M<-cha n:cs' Institute will be held
111 the Mechanics' Institute Library building,
31 Poet Bt.. Mn Francisco, on SATURDAY.
S»pt. ft. l»a-; at « p. m. Reports of officers
will b» read and .amendments to the constitu-
¦i>n will he considered.
JAMES G. SPAVLPING. Rec. Sec.
AUIiATS UAXTED. /
BRIGHT, energetic woman for permanent poel-
ticn: good salary. Box 4146, Call office.
ATVOUX E VS-AT-LA W.
ADVICE FREE. E.STABUSHE?D~22 YEARs"
Divorce* a sj>ecialty. Private. Cuick.
NO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL-
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY AT LAW.
1122 Markft st., office* 1, 2 3. 4 and 5
BEUAHE OF FRAUDS.
Any on© can advertise, but unless the adver-
tisement says "Attorney at Law" the party
trtising is net a lawyer; don't be fooled.
ADVICE FREE
COLUMBIAN LAW AGENCY
Rm. K>. JUG Market; tel. Red eiS; bad ten-
arts ejected pptedily and reasonably; collec-
tions attended to; attachments; corporationi
organized; civil and criminal practice.
T.OBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.
rm. (ill; all casee. damages, estates, wills]
fcttachmentE. collections, etc. ; consultation
,'r$e; no advance charges; call or write; even-
ings by cppolntment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free — I will advance coet in meritori-
ous case?, divorcee, probate and all other law
cases: no fee* In advance: open every even-
ir.g. J. M. THL'RSTON. 819 Market St.. r. 31.
GEO. W. AVERILL — Advice given in all cases
Room 465. fourth floor, Parrott building
L. P. CLARK. Emma Sprecktls bldg.. "J27 Mar-
ket tt. ; consultation tree; no fees In advance.
AITKEN & AITKEN. attorneys r« 309-10-H
Ciunie blag.. t>C3 California et. ; W. Main 727.
ADVICE free; all cases; open evenings. M*
L. RYAN. »5t) Market st.. cor. Stockton.
BIROS, DOGS. ETC.
' 1 * ut -"^' < j' talking parrots.$5 each;German tinging
<:er.aries. $2; we will try to please you; every-
vhing :n oar line at right prices. 1546 Market.
HOARDING FOR CHILDnEX.
A SCOTCH widow would take child or two to
board; room for parent. lC52»a Mission Kt.
BP«1A_1>3 CHANCES.
R ESTA IRA.NT <ja Jftmttb *LZ7i?;Zli:;.7Z f«00
Restaurant; fine transient trade 1"5<J
Restaurant and bakery 40o
Oear stores, 7, from 5100 to ...'. <*>,
Oenera! merchandise store in country. «(k»o
Stationery and notion store * 350
tiUtttoeery and variety stcie: a barKain 3SO
Notion store and branch hakei-y S-V»
Tanner in poda workF, coiihtry t«K)
For gr»od. reliable business bargains see
WILFORD & HARRISON. 3 Taylor st.
THOTO etudio in city; 15,000^ good-paying neg-
atives; other interests demrnd my attenUon;
no time for triflert. Box 2464. Call.
BRANCH bakery, laundry offle*, cigars, sta-
t ionerj. notions for sale at less than invoice
price; good paying stand. 1007 », Mkt.. rm. 1.
A< TIVE. reliable partner for fine paying offlce
bufines?: good income assured; $225 cash re-
rulr>-d: splendid chance. 1007^ Market, rm. 1.
M50—RESTAURANT and home bakery; th-
best bargain *-ver offered; mutt be" told-
rwner has other business; receipts average
M0 daily: rent only J35 per month; a grand
<hance for a man that understands the res-
Taurant business; place clears over 1100 per
month. Box 2431. Call office.
PALOOX for *a!e early to-day; best corner in
city. 2<» City Hall ave.
FOR SALE— Eaioon and garden; 3 years' lea«e
U) City Hall ave.. near Larkln et.
WANTED— A third partner for well paying
restaurant: $1000; only party with ref. need
«PPly: .eare. Address box 1715. Call office.
FOR SALE— Neat restaurant. 3 living rooms,
cash register. $350; only those meaning busl-
-J^L. ne * J answer. Box 2434, Call offlce.
BAKERY; fine location In RloVlTta; good
baket will do well. Address DAN Mc-
GRAl'CH. Rio Vieta. Cal.
FOR sale or rent— Fully equipped. modern,
paying hospital in Southern California city.
_ Ad<3reag p - °- bo* <S7. San Bernardino.
SALOON wjth 4 rnOBt; good place Inau're
. SIEBE BROS. & PLAGEMANN inqu ' re
$7BOO THIS week only buys lunch house. 71KJ
FolFr.m «t.
BOARDING-HOUSE: 8 rooms all filled; good
business. 1C31 McAllister st.
JI200 — OTETER end chep house: great bargaln-
theap rent; clears $1.V). TA 3d st.. room L
FOR SALE — An inside route on this paper
For particulars apply at offlce. (
A bakery: delicacy: all store trade: S2S m. <Say;
prlc* $1800; no agents. 71s McAllister «t
LODGIJVG-HOLSES FOIl SALE.
10rt ROOMS: house fcr men; rent $140 $4000
B8 rooms: sooth of Market; rent $100.. 2O00
34 rooms; corner: part cash; bal. easy. K50
Jl rooms: rood income; rent $20 350
21 worni; water front; rent $40; lease.. 650
120 rooms; good lease; low rent 6."iO0
K7 rms.; apartments ; Western Add. ;rent 250
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
H«tel«. roadhouses. flats. 5 to 100 rooms
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Keamy st.
CLOSE & CO.. IOO714 Market «t.. roomTrhavi
several mortgaged rooming-houses which
must be sold Immediately: call and examine
our large free list; all offers considered.
CARPET BCATING AND CLEAM.VG.
AIR, compressed, dry. Jce cola, is now univer-
sally used In sanitarily cleaning carpets on
floor, without removal or injury; prices mod-
erate. ADDly S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
1 LEANING CO.. Call big. ; phone Main £237.
WHEN you become disrupted with your work
t*nd for SPAITLDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. ::Tiu-:H7 Tehama tt.; tel. South 4o.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating; Co.. J. McQueen
rrcrprletor, -29 Guerrero st.; tel. MiuOon !.<'.
THY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carp t~li~?t~n? :
mattresses made over. 1*32 Ho *-a id .couth .M j
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 V^tter »¦• -
lei. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & Co.. Trujw!
RCDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices'
•reasonable. 17f« Harrison Ft.; tel.MUoton 203.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpct-beatlnj Works,
3U3 Golden Gate ave; telephone East 1-6.
The pitcher's strong of arm and straight.
And puts the ball right o'er the plate.
So swift Is his deliveree
He draws a princely salaree.
He brings results, he wins the game.
And Call Want 'Ads will do the same.
No sooner does your ad appear
. Than thousands see— if printed here.
You'll answers get that very day.
And prove that Call Want Ads e'er. pay.Continued From Page Eleven.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
. PETALUMA, Sept. 4.— Fire destroyed
the country home of "William Jones at
the foot of Red Hill, Marin County, to
day. Only the piano and a few articles
of furniture were saved. The house was
a large building and has stood a land
mark "Tor nearly half a century. Thje
origin of the fire is unknown. There was
no insurance.
Marin County Landmark la Burned.
REDDJNG. Sept. 4.-A gravel train of
twelve cars was wrecked at Middle Creek,
two miles north of Redding, this morning.
Six of the cars left the track and piled
up in a confused and tangled mass. The
south-bound passenger train waflk behind
the gravel train and was delayed at Mid
dle Creek station for eight hours while
the wrecking crews were straightening
out the wreck. The engine of the pas
senger train was pressed Into service and
used to pull the rear section of the
wrecked train to a siding.
Gravel Train Leaves the Bails.
Attorney Collapses in Courtroom.
-¦ REDDING. Sept. 4.-Ten Jurymen have
been secured in the Gallanar murder case
and the, trial has been postrjoned until
September 10 on account of the sudden
illness of Attorney Sprasue, who Is con
ducting the case for the defense. Snrague
collapsed in court Thursday afternoon
and was removed to the Redding Hos
pital. His physician forbids his attend
ance in the court before next week.
Sprague had Just recovered rrom a severe
attack of typhoid fever and th© mental
strain and work caused him to collapse.
von der Ropp. attorney) -to Rebecca WurU.N
V» of lot 12, block 6, amended map of Central
Park. Alcatra* and Newbury stations, Berke
ley; llO.
Lillian J. L. Fenn (widow) to Laden Doff©,
lot on NE line of Harmond avenue. 100 NW of
Nutley. NW 50 by NE 108. lots 9 and 10, Red
Rose Tract, Brooklyn Township: 110.
Frank and Evangelina Ferreira to Henry
Souza Borge. lot on NE line of Ellsworth street
a J intersection with SE line of lot 3, thence NE
162.1u, thence 8E to E corner of lot 4, SW
15S:11. NW 50 to beginning, lot 4, block A.
Boardman's map of Mission San Jose, Washing
ton Township; #480.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
7RIDAT. Sept. 4—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask.. . Bid Ask.
Alpha OS 07 Julia 01 02
Alta 04 06 Justice OS ' 10
Andes 13 H'Kentuck ..... 02 03
pelcher 21 22 Mexican 1 00 1 03
Best & Bel...l 35 1 50 Occidental ... 83 38
Bullion 03 04 Ophlr 180 165
Caledonia,,.. 82 83: Overman .....20 22
Challenge .... 20 23 Potosi 11 IS
Chollar 10 lllSavaga ." 2O 23
Confidence ... 75 8Of Scorpion ..... Ol Oi
CCA Va 1 40 1 45 Seg Belcher.. M 09
Con Imperial. 03 01 Sierra Nev... 80 61
Con N T 13 11 Silver Hill... 70 72
Crown Point. t 08 00 St Louis .• — 18
Eureka Con.. 40- 60 Syndicate .... — 08
Exchequer ... 06 OTj Union Con.... 61. 63
Gould & Cur.. 24 23iUt«h ........ 1* IT
Kale A Norc. 46 4S Yellow Jack. . 44' 46
Lady Wash... 04 CC;
TONOPAII MINES.
Bld.Ask.| Bid. Ask.
Esperanza-... 04 OS Rescue 09 12
Gold Mountn. • — 10, Ton Belmont. — 1 75
Hannapah ... • — 22. Ton of Ne»... — 7 0O
Lucky Tom... — 10 Ton N Star..^ 45 47
MacNamara . — 17iTon Midway.. 38 42
Mlzpah Exten SO 31 Ton A S Lake*— 55
Mont Ton.. 1 00 1 02^i United Ton... — 20
Paymaster ... 11 171
300 Alpha Con .. 03 300 Savage 29
S00 Alpha Con .. 06 200 Sierra Nev .. 00
300 Alta 01 20O Silver Hill .. 70
100 Caledonia 81 200 Union Con .. 81
400 Con C & V.I 42V, goo Union Con '.. 63
200 Gould * Cur. &S 50O Utah, IS
800 Hale & Norca. 47 20O Utah IT
100 Mexican ...1 02^ 300 Tellow Jacket 4a
200 Ophir 1 83
Afternoon Session. .. -
100 Con C A V.I 42%| 100 Ophir 1 60
100 Con Cal A Va.l 40 300 Potoal 13
300 Crown Point.. 0O 2OO Savage ~ 21
500 Gould A Qur. 34 20O Sierra Ner .. 61
400 Hale A Norcs 47 500 Utah ...;...; 1H
200 Mexican ...1 02 v, 500 Tellow Jacket 43
TONOPAH MIXING EXCHANGE.
Following were the- sal»> on thai San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yester
day: .
Morning Session.
1000 Eepexanxa ... 05 600 Ton ?T Star.. 43
.100 Mlzpah Ex... 31 200 Ton'!* Star.. 49
350 Mont Ton..l 02% . 200 Ton N" Star.. 47
• . ' . - Afternoon Session.
400O Eeperanza ... (Hf S0O Mtzpah Ex .. 81
8000 Esperanza ... 03 J 100 Ton N Star; 47
Following were the sales oa 1 the Paclflo
Stock Exchange yesterday: .
Morning Session. -
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
100 Caledonia, ... 80 1C0 Ophlr .1 60
300 Con C& Va.l 40 400 Potoel 13
100 Confidence ... 80 30O Sierra Nev M 61
200 Crown Point.. 09 20O Union Con ... Bl
1200 ESCBeqTJer ...~~"07 "BOT'TJtah ........ 18
100 Gould & Cur. 24 200 Tellow Jacket 43
800 Occidental ... 35 .
SAN" FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following' were the sales oh the 'San Trail'*
Cisco Stock and Exchange board:
Morning Session.
1000 Alpha 05! 20O Mexican 1 00
200 Andea 14 .ICO Potosi 12
100 Belcher ....< 21! I0O S*?r Bolchefr. ©»
400 Caledonia ... 81! 500 Beg Belcher.. 08
COO Chollar 10 100 Sierra Nev .. «O
800 Con C & Va.1 40; 300 Union Con ..\ 61
500 Crown Point.. 00! 100 Tellow Jacket 43
050 Exchequer ... 05 100 Yellow Jacket 43
1000 Exchequer ... 06, 400 Tellow Jacket 42
ICO Gould & Cur. 25'.
Afternoon Session.
Mining Stocks.
100 Home. Oil s 30 •»
400 Monte Crlsto Oil 70
1000 Oil City Petroleum .". 29
500 Lion Oil 04
MISCELLANEOrS BONDS.
Ala A "W 5s. — — do 6s .... — 114
Bay CFC 5s. — — IXt con 6s. — —
Cal C G 6s. — — OWCs: Bs. — 96
Cal G & E g Oceanic S 6s. — —
m & ct 5s. 103 105 Om C R 63.124V41*3
Cal-st 6s — — Pac G Im 4s — —
C C Wat 5s. — 101 P E Ry 6s.. 108^108^
Ed L&P 6s. — — P & C H 6a. — —
F 4 C H 6a. — — P&OR63. — —
Geary-st 6s.. — — Powell-st 6s. — —
H C & S5%s — — S E G&R 5s — —
H C & 8 6s. 00 100 SF & SJV59.120 120
Hon R T Cs. — — S R of C 6s. 111^ —
L A Elec 5s. — 106% S J» of A 6s
LARy5s..ll5 117 (1909) — —
L A L C 6s. — — (1010) 109U —
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6a
Do grtd 6s. — — (1905)Sr A.1O4 —
LAP lem 5s. — — <1005>Sr B.104<&103J.i
Mkt-st C 68.117 122% (1906) 107^107^,
Do lem 6a. 115 — (1912) 117 —
NRR of C6s.l0e% — S P C leg 6s.ll8%120
NRC of C5s. — — Do stmpd.lOS 109
NPC RR 5s.l07%109 S P B R 6s. — —
N C R 6s... — — S V Wat 6s.l0SH109
N C P R 6s. — ¦ — Do 4s 2dm. 98% —
IS* S R 5s. . — — Do 4s 3dm. 9ST* —
¦O G L H 6s. — — Stkn G&E 6s — —
O T Co 6s.. — 122% U G i B 5s. - —
"WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa. — B7%(Port Costa.. — —
Marln Co ... — — J Spring Val.. 83 83%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L. & P. 5 5Vs Sac E G&R. — —
Eqult Gas... — — SFG&E. .63 68%
Mutual EL.— 14 S F Gas — —
Pac G Imp. — 55 Stkn G&E.— —
Pac Lighting — — U G & E.... 34 40
TRUSTEES* CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. 67 68%.
INSURANCE.
Firemfs Fnd. — — — -.,
' BANK STOCKS.
Am Natl Bk. — — L P & A.... — —
Anglo-Cal .. — — Mer Trust... — 250
Bank of Cal.531 — . Merch Ex... — —
Cal Safe Dp. — — S F Natlonl. — —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. — — Sav & L So. 95 —
Hum S & L. —• — Sec Sav Bit. — " —
Mutual Sav. — — Union T Co. — —
S F Eav U: — —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..2C0 — IPresldlo .... — —
Geary ...... — — I
POWDER.
Giant 64«i 65Vi|vigorit — B%
SUGAK.
Hana P Co.. — — jKilauea S C — 6%
Hawaiian C. 43% 46 Makaweli C. 22% 2-1
Honokaa S C 13^ — ~ Onoinea S C. 30 S2
Hutch S P G 13 14 iPaauhau S C 15%, 16%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack. 149% — Oceanic S Co — —
Cal Fruit As. 90 01 , Pac A F A. — —
Cal Wine As. 37% 98 Pac C Borx.167 —
Morning Session.
Board —
5 Alaska Packers' Association 149 50
5 Alaska Packers' Association 14J> 75
125 Central Light and Power. ..... ft 00
25 Giant Powder Con 66 00
CO Giant Powder Con 63 50
50 Paauhau S P Company 10 00
40 S F Gas and Electric* Company 70 50
10 S F Gas and Electric Company CO 75
50 S V Water 84 OO
$500O S P of C 6 per cent Bonds 107 37%
110 Trus Certif (SFG&E) 69 50
50 Trus Certif (S F G & E) 65) 25
Street Sales —
50 Alaska Packers' Association.... 150 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
25 Alaska Packers' Association... 150 00
125 California Wine Association... 97 5O
10 California Wine Association.... • 08 00
150 Central Light & Power 5 00
145 Giant Powder Con 65 00
200 Mutual Electric Light 13 o7 %
$4000 Pacific Electric Railway 5b.... 108 00 '
I $4000 Pacific Electric Railway 5s 103 12%
30 Presidio Railroad 40 OO
$1000 S P of Arizona, 1010 101KJ5
$5000 S P of C « per cent Bonds, 1006 107 30
200 Trus Certif (S F G & E). ...... 69 00
/5 Trus Certif (SFG&E)....... 68 00
100 Trus Certif (S F G & E) s 30... 63 00
5 Trus Certif .(S F G & E) 68 25
50 Trus Certif (S F G & E) a 00.. 68 OO
50 Trus Certif (S F G & E) a 30.. 67 87%
California Stock and Oil Exchange
, 01! Stocks— Bid. A3ked.
Caribou OH Co 1 15 1 20
Four OH 70
Hanford OH 1 3O 1 4O
Home Oil £7% SQ
Imperial Oil 19 00
Independence Oil ig
Junction Oil 20 21
Kern Oil 5 50
Lion Oil 04
Monte Crlsto Oil 69 70
Monarch Oil ,. CO 53
Oil City Petroleum ........ 2S 30
Peerless Oil 13 6O 14 00
Reed Crude Oil 41 43
San Joaquln OH o 50 ....
Sterling Oil . 2 60 2 80
Thirty-three Oil 7 50 8 00
Twenty-eight Oil 4 30 4 50
Union Oil .68 OO
United Petroleum loo OO
West Shore OH 3 00 3 2T.
Miscellaneous — '
Abby Land and Improvement 1 20 1 45
Alameda Sugar 29 00
American Biscuit 88 00 95 00
American District Telegraph ¦ ' ..'...
Bay Counties Power.. ¦. - .....
Cal. Central Gas & Electric
Cal. Cotton Mills 88 00
Cal. Jockey Club 105 00
Cal. Powder. '
Cal. Shlpplns Co 2500
Cal. Title Ins. and Trust.... 130 00 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland.... 60 OO „•.-.,.
Chutes Company 7 50 8 60
City and County Bank " .....
Cypress Lawn Imp.- Co.. 650
Eastern Dynamite
Ewa Suear Plantation .;
Gas Consumers' Association 22 50
i Honolulu Sugar 13 00
London and S. F. Bank
Mercantile Trust
Northern Cal. Power... 9 50
Nevada National Bank
North Shore Railroad 9 00 .'.... .
Orpheum Company . 16 00 .....
Pacific States Tel. and Tel .".'..... 122 50
Paraffins* Paint 33 00 ....-.• V
Postal Device & Improve .....
San Francisco Dry Dock 47 00 .....
SausalltoVLand and Ferry.. 18 00 .....
Sperry Flour Company 27 50 30 00
Standard Electric 19 CO
Truckee Electric 13.25 15 00
Union Sugar 22 50 .
United Gas and Electric..'.. 34 50 . .....
Western Fish Co .....
OFFICIAL SALES.
«s. Morning Session.
* ¦ Board —
300 Monte Crlsto Oil 70
100 Home Oil a 30 85
100 Home Oil 85
100 Caribou Oil'. 110
400 Caribou Oil . 115
Street Sales —
600 Homo Oil 87%
200 Home OH 8 90 S3
Afternoon Sales.
500 Home Oil ......."...;.. 87V4
' Harry G. and Jessie D. Chappell (Cornor)
(wife) to Heron-Holcomb Company (a corpora
tion), lot on N line of Mead avenue. 100 W
of San Pablo avenue, W 25 by N 125. lot 6.
Mead Park. Oakland; also lot on E line of
Telegraph avenue. 60 N of Grant avenue or
Thirty-seventh street. N 35 by E 110, portions
lots S3 and 84, amended map subdivisions
Mosswood Tract. Oakland; $10.
Heron-Holcomb Company (a corporation) to
J. Y Eccleston. same, Oakland; $10.
F ' V Du Brutz to Hubbard H. Snow, lot
on N "line of Maple street. 250 W of Canning.
W 85 by N 100. lot 35. and portion lot 3tt.
block R map resubdivision portion Roberts
and Wolfskin Tract, Oakland; $10.
Blanche I. Ferry to D. W. La Fortune, lots
5 to 8. map subdivision of lot 31, Templeton
Tract East Oakland; $10.
C. L. and Addle M. Proctor (wife) . to Eu
gene L Brock, lot on W line of Arch street.
3«0 N of Vine. N 60 by W 134:7. lots 27 and
28 block 1, map resubdivision portion T. M.
Antlsell's map Villa Lota, Berkeley; $10.
.James C. Crowley (single) to Antone S.
Dlas lot beginning at stake on S side of Wil
low atreet and W side Prospect, thence along
said last line S 150 by W 200. lots 17 and 18,
block 18 . Haywards Park Homestead Union,
Eden Township: $10.
Kate and John Nagle to Ira Vaughan, lot on
E line of Willow street, 75:7 S of Atlantic,
S 25 by E 74:3, lot 5. block 466. map property
Gibbons property at Oakland Point, Oakland;
$10.
a. C. Blgelow and Savings and Loan Society
to G B Daniels, lot on RE line of Howe street,
101 SW of Amethyst. SW-35 by SE 125. portion
of lots 34 and 33, block B. Thermal Hill, for
merjy Howe Tract. Oakland; $10.
G. B. and Emily A. Daniels to J. Tyrrel,
F. F. Bacon (single) to L. D. Adams, lot on
N line of Dalton street, 120 E of Herzog, E 80
by N 110. lots 34 and 35, map of Rock Island
Tract Oakland; $10. . .
George F.' Lamson, H. H. White and . C. B.
White (receivers of estate of George F. Lam
son Insolvent), by Charles E. Lang, ,commis
sioner to Lydla B. and Arthur G. Fisfc (execu
tors estate of Asa Flsk), lot on W line of Dover
street 210 S of Benton, S 60. W 128.63, N 60, K
128 42' lot 6. block H; redlvlslon map of portion
of Brumaglm Tract W of Shattuck avenue,
East Oakland; $800.
Henry Eummelen (single) to Charles Sladky,
lot on NW corner of Sixth and Allston streets,
N 241 W 136, 8 141, E 36. S 100, E 100, lots 10
to 14 'and portion of lot 15. block 196, Slsterna
Trac\. Berkeley: $10.
•'Harry H. and Virginia M. Webb (by Alfred
Alameda County.
John Hammond (owner) with G. C. Sweeney
(contractor), architect C. A. Meussdorffer —
Plumbing, gasfltting and sewer work for a
two-story and basement frame building in rear
cf property 117 Twelfth street, 6ald lot facing
Minna in rear; $1600.
Builders' Contracts.
Emily F. Pope to Pope Estate Company, lot
on S line of Turk street, 139:0 E of Buchanan,
E 110 by S 137:6; $10.
Daniel K. and Mary E. Hall to William and
Louise Wertsch, lot on E line of FUlmore
street, 87:6 N of Oak. N 25 by E 100; $10.
International . Banking Corporation to Llllie
Allison, wife David E., 1087 D. 291, lot on 3
line of Broadway, 158:9 E of Pierce. E 47:6
by S 137:6, reconveyance deed.
George and Anna Tewes (by commissioner)
to Commonwealth Mutual Building and Loan
Association, lot on E line of Broderick street.
92:6 N of OTarrell. N 22:6 by E 92:6; $1663.
Commonwealth Mutual Building and Loan
Association to Mathlas D. and Fred W. Meyer,
same; $10.
Julian B. Harris to same, game, quitclaim
deed; $10.
George Tewes to same, same. • quitclaim deed;
$10.
Frank R. and SoDhie Grannis to Sarah A.
Dunbar, wife Joseph J., lot on N line of Cali
fornia street, 165 W of Broderick, W 27:6 by
N 132:7%; $10.
Julia L. Taylor (formerly Julia L. Moore) to
Cora F. Moore, lot on W line of Broderick
street, 110 N of gutter. < N 27:6 by W 137:6;
gift.
Bertha Klaber to Abraham and Minnie Gold
meyer, lot on W line of Baker street. 37:6 8
of McAllister, S 25 by W 96:10^5; $10.
Baird Estate (corporation) to Elizabeth Mack
en, lot on W line of Central avenue, 25 S of
Haight street, S 50 by W 112:6; $5100.
T. B. and Annie E. Draper to J. K. Law,
lot on N line of Carl street. 307:6 W of Stan
yan, W 25 by N 100; $10.
London and San Francisco Bank (Limited)
to Margaret F. Moss, wife J. Mora, lot on \V
line of Walnut street. 171:7 1-3 8 of Sacra
mento, S 25 by W 137:6; $10.
Mary Furlong to City and County of San
Francisco, lot on E line of Cole street (extend
ed) and S of Carl, W 68:0 by S 275; also lot
on E line of Stanyan street, 275- S of Carl, E
to Clayton, S 68:9. W to Stanyan, N 68:9 to
Parnassus avenue or Sullivan street, quitclaim
deed; $10.
Robert F. Morrow and Rebecca H. and Anna
B. Head to Gustave, Frederick and David
"Woerner, lot on E line of Folsom street, 100 3
of Fourteenth, S let by E 275; $10.
Globatta and Annie M. Cuneo to Carl Kreck
er, lot on W line of Landers street, 185 8 of
Fourteenth. 8 25 by W 125; $10.
Catherine E. Cheesman to M. Slmlnoff, lot on
SE line of Market street, 120 SW of Fourteenth,
SW 31:3^. S 61:8%, E 94. NW 108; *10.
John M. Coller to James Camp. lot on E line
of Castro street, 143 N of Nineteenth, N 37 by
E 125; $10.
Margaret J. Kelly to William J. Carlln, lot
on E line of Castro street, 69 N of Twenty
fifth, N 25 by E 80; $10.
Magdalena Cuneo to Mary Cuneo (wife of
Joseph) and Rosle Barhljri (wife of Stefano),
lot on X line of Francisco street. 91:8 E of
Powell, E 45:10 by N 137 :«; also lot on S line
of Water street. 183 E of Taylor, E 19:8 by S
67:6, being property distributed in the estate of
Andrew Cuneo; $10.
Barton S. and Eva C. Hays to Edward Ken
nedy, lot on S line of Post street, 63:9 E of
Hyde. E 34:4% by 8 137:6; $10.
: Robert and May M.- Christie to Henry P.
Christie, undivided fifteen-fiftieths of lot on
NE line of Fremont street, 33:4 NW of How
ard, NW 25 by NE.100; ?10.
William F. Goad to Thomas W. Butcher, lot
on SE line of Howard street, 125 NE of Sec
ond. SW 30 to""arrey by SE S5; $10. - - ;
Wlnlock and 'Pendleton Miller to P. A. Mc-
Donald, lot on SK line of Folsom street. 250
SW of Fourth. SW 62:0, SE »0, SW 7, SE 75,
NE 09:6. NW 165; $10.
¦ John E. and Emma Hellmann to Eben H.
and Emelle E. Dexter, lot on SW line of Mor
ris avenue, 135 SE of Bryant, SE 20 by SW
75: $10.
Albert W. and Marie Lehrke to James H.
and Katie McHugh, lot on W line of Pennsyl
vania street. 150 N of Eighteenth. N 25 by W
100; $10.
David F. McGraw to Rebecca E. McGraw,
lot on N line of Clement street, 45 E of Thir
teenth ave. E 25 by N 100; gift.
Estate of William H. Butler (by B. C. Hawes,
administrator) to E. W. Hawkins, lot on W
line of Ninth avenue. 200 S of Point Lobos, S
25 by W 120: $1000.
E. W. Hawkins to Mary Culllgan. same; $10.
Chris H. and Fred H. Hllbert to Hugo Schue
nert, lot on NE corner of Thirteenth avenue
and L street, E 120, N 07, W 120:3, S 102:11;
$10.
Mary P, MacCrelllsh to J. E. A. and Emma
Miller, lot on SE line of San Jose avenue.
87:4^ SW of Twenty-ninth street. SW 25. SE
17O:S>4. NE 25:5%, NW 175:GVi. lot 14. Mac-
Crelllsh subdivision of Preclta Valley lots 4U3
to 410; $10.
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to Mor
ris Wlndt, lot on W line of San Bruno street,
41 N of Army. N 40:7. W 223:3, SE 138:4, NW
22. E 105, Preclta Valley lots 212 and 243;
$llfi5.
Georgiana A. and William R. II. Adamson
to American Land nnd Trust Company, lot 10.
section 20, Township 2. SR 6 W, being land
granted to Francis Read; $10.
Clementine Lamar to Flora L. Clement, es
tate of Victor McClement: $60,000.
Viola I. Girvln to Robert A. McLean, all
property In name of second party (no property
described); $1. * - .
FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 4.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
HE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1903.
13
SLACK— In this city. September 8. 1903. D. E..
husband of Sarah Slack, and father of Mrs,
George Wall, a native of New Tork.
CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2820 Folsom street, between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-fifth. Interment Odd Fel-
lows* { Cemetery. Please omit^ flowers.
STEUER— In this city, September 4, 1803, Wil-
lie, dearly beloved son of Gustav and the late
Louisa Steuer, a native of Oakland, aged 18
years 9 months and 26 days. - .... . s
WOODBECK— In this city, September 4. 1903,
Leo, beloved son of Norman and Mary
Woodbeck, and brother of James, Mary, Nor-
man and Ann Woodbeck, a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year 5 months and 13
days. -,
ZSCHIESCHE— In this city, September 4,
1003, Christian, beloved husband of the late
' Meta Zschiesche, and father of Mrs. H.
Vanderveen. a native of Lubeck, Germany,
aged 81 years and 4 days.
*- EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tho funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 113T -Mission etreet,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment I.
O. O. F. Cemetery. *«*•':£'.
CARD OF THANKS. » '
We wish to thank the friends and relations
of the late Richard A. J. Ehlers for their
sympathy In our hour of grief.
MR. and MRS. EQGERLINO,
SOPHIE EHLERS, \ ;
AUGUST EHLERS.
ADVEBTISTnVTBarrS.
STATEMENT
Or THE a
CONDITION AND A77AIB3
— -OB* THEr— — \
THHRINGIA
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ERFURT. GERMANT. OM THB UST
day of December, A. D. 1S02 and for th»
year ending on that day. u made to the (In-
surance Commissioner of the State Ot Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provision* of Section*
610 and «11 of the Political Cod*, condensed
as per blank; furnished by th» Commissioner. -
CAPITAL.
A l B n ott c^ 0^^!!!!? 8 >^.^^ w»o»
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company. • JMW.4OI 50
L^ans on Bonds and Mortgage.. 8.34S).«» M
Cash Market Value of all Stock* .,_,.„__
and Bonds owned by Compaay.. J.KM.630 T3
Amount of Loan* lecured by
pledge el Bonds. Stocks and
other marketable •ecnrltle* aa „
collateral jj.«« £•••¦ S
Cash in Company*. Office .loleo* W
Cash in Banks •• •; • 1B -" W * *°
Interest due and accrued oa all ¦
Stocks and Loans • 8S.TH 83
Interest due and accrued on
Bonds and Mortgages •.;••••• WHT M
Premiums In due Course of Col- „
Bills "r^ceivabij." "not Matured!
taken for Kire and M*rln» ¦-«--«
Risks Agents' Balances B4.22« 43
Due from other Companies tor re-
Insurance on losses already paid • 148.TO 17
Securities of Pension fund 117.179 00
Total Asset. ? I12.8ia.12a 13
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and ""P* 1 *:--;^
Losses In process of Adjustment
or In Suspense • ' »*i»,«*a w
Losses resisted, including ex- j
penses *^;*^.*ii
Gross premium, on Fire Rlskall
running one year orgies.. »..; g3o^O69 81
Gross oremlum. on Fire Risks :
running more than one year.
$ . • reinsurance pro rata J
Grow premiums on Marine and))
Inland Navigation Risks. $..;
reinsurance 100 per cent ..... 1.T4S 3»
LUbmtV"^ "^]"«&i 8.T29.0W M
Cash dividends remaining unpaid. • • M W
Pension fund • mm
Relief fund ; ** M
Total Liabilities ....ttl.eoo.47g 07
INCOME. . . '
Net cash actually received &r
Fire premiums •••••. $1.888, 13S 84
Net cash actually received for *
Marine premiums W'.i* **«*» M
Received for Interest on Bond. ¦ •
and Mortgage. * 38 » 6 * 5 * 9
Received for interest and dlvl-
d«nd 9 on Bonds. Stocks. Lowm ,«---«-,
and from all other sourcea..... 108.60C M
Received for Rents - 8.838 34
Received for . jjrofit on sale of «, ,.
assets • •••• • W.85* le
Received for premiums In other _-,-.,„
departments .-• I.8P.W8 83
Total Income >3.<te8.4» 0T
. EXPENDITURES.
Net amount oaid for Flr« Losses
(including $...-. losses of pre- _
vloua years) ..•.••.••••-•-•-•• #«••»«*•••
Net amount paid for Marine
Dividends to Stockholders 135.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission _ ?
or Brokerago ................. 03,031 11
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other ,,_-„.,_
charges, for officers, clerks, etc '133.U* S3
Paw "for State. National az>4 '¦ _
Local taxes ••* *••*"« **
All other payments and expend!- gy 5^5 j 0
'PaiTfor VossVs 'in "other n
Total "Expenditures ......... $3.0Bi;T«3 OT
Teases incurred dur- Fire. Marine.
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premtams.
Net amount of Rfeiks
ye""?. .^ n * H.02».<X».e»7 f2.aa.T33 O
Net amount of Risks
"StJSgffgfig 719.001.303 1,578.137 0
.- r, Mar. Risks. \ Premiums).
Net amount of Risk. . y
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year ....... S3.0S4.2W 43.01823
Net amount In force
December 31. 1902. 13.252.443 12^90 W
~ ERNST LANGE. Setfy.
CARL SCHUMANN. Seo*y.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this iat3»
day Of April. 1003. - P. TEICHMANX.
U. S. Vice Consul at Weimar. .
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
VOSS, CONRAD > CO.,
General Agents*
204-208 Sansome Street,
j»fgMj SAN FRANCISCO.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHAS GB. L _
THE finest little ranch in the State; 8 acre*. 6
planted; 7-room house and all Improvement!;
win give a good trade for house and large
lot; city. Owner this week at MOSSMAN"S.
860 Market Bt. -
OWNER of choice Berkeley real eetate would
like to exchange for com© In thU city. Ad-
dresg box 4148. Call office.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
FOLSOM. 834— Ba"y-wlndow" rc^nTlinVlcltchenl
also two single rooms; closet; bath »eparate.
FURNISHED housekeeping: rooms. Inquire 606
Buchanan Bt. ¦ - ¦ .
HERBERT (The) -— Sunny apartments for
housekeeping-; eras ranees; Just newly fur-
nlshed. 1B30 Polk st.
HOWARD, 710H— 3 housekeeping rooms two
beds; respectable; no transient.
HOWARD. v 10C3— 2 sunny connectg. com. furn.
bay-window hskpg;. rms.; others $2 B0 week.
LINDEN ave., 824 — 3 nice sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms.
MARKET, 731 — 4 large unfurnished sunny
rooms; rent reasonable.
MINNA, 454A— 2 sunny back rooms, furnished
for housekeeping; separate entrance; cheap.
MINNA, 614 — Sunny rooms for housekeeping:.
OAK, 117 — Sunny furnished eultes, $8 to $12;
_as range, hot bath, laundry, phone; adults.
O'FARRELL, 274 — Two or thre« housekeeping
rooms.
O'FARRELL, 424 — Lower floor of three rooms;
completely furnished for housekeeping. .
SOUTH PARK. 84 — Furnished housekeeping
room and pas stove; rent $10 50.
ST. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna — Furnish-
ed eunny suite with separate sunny kitchen;
' ?as range; all complete for housekeeping;
$15 up.
STOCKTON, 1206— Housekeeping; front, newly
furnished; $5 to $12; phone, gas, bath; sunny.
THIRD, 143 — Sunny housekeeping? rooms com-
plete; front; first floor; hot and cold water.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmcre.
A BRANCH ofnee for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
APARTMENTS TO LET.
"EL MONTEREY," the city's newest apart-
ment hotel, located on the north side or
Pine st., between Hyde and Leavenworth; a
euperb brick building of Spanish architec-
ture; all the comforts of housekeeping com-
bined with the conveniences of hotel life; for
f30 per month you can secure here an unfur-
nished S-rocm apartment, consisting of large
living-room with gas grate and mantel, bed-
room with bay-window and closet; kitchen
equipped with gas range, built-in china
closet and hot and cold water; bathroom
with toilet and Dorcelain tub (hot and cold
water); this price also Includes Janitor ser-
vice night and day and night and day ele-
vator service; only ten minutes' walk from
Powell and Market; see these apartments
tn-nay.
ROOMS TO LET— •Fnrn. and Infnrn.
A HANDSOMELY Turnished. sunny bay-wln"-
dow room In private residence, four blocks
from Park entrance, and within easy walk-
Ing distance of Affiliated Colleges. $15; also
large unfurnished room with private en-
trance; gentlemen only. Address box 1705
Call office.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms
2fic to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth et.)— Rooms. 25c, 50c. $1, $1 CO night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
ANTLERS, 425 Turk st. — Strictly modern; 4-B
room apartments; fur, or unfur. for hskpg.
BURNETT, 1426 Market— (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlghed rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 2O4 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 4G8—^Room for worklngman, first floor;
outside entrance; $5. *
GEARY. 102S— 2 single front rooms; sunny,
running water, phone; private family.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission — Rooms 60o
to $1 SO night: $2 to $3 week: reading-room.
HOTEL GRAYSTONE...
66 Geary «t.: phone Bush SSO.
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
furnished suites, with baths and singles.
HOWARD, 820 (The Planet) — Rooms, single
and en suite.
JESSIE, 517 — LarKe furnished room for two
men or man and wife: no children.
JONES, 019, above Bush— A comfortably fur-
nished room; private family; reasonable;.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day. week. mo.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, cmoklng-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ST. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna — Front
fanny rooms; all new; pery cheap; telephone
Page 6751.
SHOTWELL, 18 — Sunny furnished room; gas;
$7.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy St.. near Market—
400 single and family rooms; 35c to $1 night;
$1 75 to $B week: elevator: electric lights;
reading-room : free bus and baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d su, near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
85c to $1 60 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room; free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
ROO3IS AND BOARD.
STEVENSON Mansion, 807 California Bt. — At-
tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
service: lowest rates.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714 — Private boarding-house,
home like, everything —first class: sunny
suites; single rooms; choice locality; ref.
ROOMS AND DOARIJ WANTED.
BY young lady, room in vicinity of Affiliated
Colleges; board optional. Box 1711. Call.
ROOMS WANTED. '
GENTLEMAN wants room by the year with
private family owning home, without board;
references If desired. Box 1713. Call.
i .
STfTTERIXC NP STAMMEniXC !
MELBOURNE System School, Van Ness and ;
Market; positive cure- for all. Don't delay.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GiREAT^AR^INsTirT^E^vluraRS^We
tell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 206.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspee. Co.. 209 Saniome.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday :
Adolph B. Ganco, 23, 420 Fourth avenue,
and Frances B. Savage, 23, 429 Fourth avenue.
Samuel C. Bercovlch, 29, Oakland, and Min-
nie Schoenfeld, 23, 074A Howard street.
James P. Sullivan, 34, city, and Nellie Cree-
don. 24, city.
Jean Seul, 31, 1102 Scott street, and Anna
Schlosser, 24, 1C10 Eddy street. ! :
Robert Hammel, 30, Point Reyes, and Julia
A. Gomes, 30, Point Reyes.
Justin E. Borel, 41, Kern City, and Julie E.
Rambeaud, 22, 2221 Bush street.
John "W. Borgwald. 31, Cleveland, Ohio, and
May B. Burns, 20, Mlamisburg, Ohio.
Timothy Hurley, 'JO, 740 Tehama street, and
Mary Regan, 2«, 14 Sheridan street.
Georgo H. Locke, 35, CO Silver etreet, and
Kittle Moore, 20, 9 Farren avenue.
Edward C. B. Brown, 20, U32 Jessie street,
and Isabella Kellano, 21, 1101 Howard ; street.
Peter Burke, 28, 1550 Kentucky street, and
Margaret Callahan, 22, 350 Michigan street.
OBcar Osterdahl, 41, 921 California street,
and Maggie RIordan, 30, U21 California street.
Adrien Boscus, 22, 818 Pacific etreet, and
Marie Marre, 21. 818 Pacific street.
Woolf Bimmona, 21, Oakland, and Yetta
Lewis, 21, Oakland.
Arthur H. Beaver, 23,-120 Eleventh etreet,
and Anna M. Otto, 23, 1649 Webster street.
Andrew Eliason Jr.. 21, Sacramento and
Rebecca E. McGraw, 19, 2818V6 Pine street.
BIRTHS — MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death' notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be banded
In at either of the publication. offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the eame published.
BORN. ¦
FAY — In this city, August 2fl, 1003, to the
wife of Thomas . F. Fay. . a «on. .
ScabriedTT —
GORDON— ROWAN— In this city, Septenfber
3, 1903, by the Rev. Frederick A. Doane»
Alexander Gordon and Sarah J. Rowan, both
,* of. San Francisco. ."?*. . , - .
THE CALL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close on September 24,
1903, and all holders . of Atlas
Coupons are requested to pre-
sent them immediately, as this
great opportunity to secure one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium fates will be
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24.
OFFICES AKDSTORIMTO LET.
OFFICES AND ROOMS TO BENT
AT\R£A£ONAELE HATES.
RENT $10 TO $25 PER MONTH.
FOURTH ST.. NEAR MARKET.
.APPLT ON THE PREMISES.
ROOM 6. No. 27 Vi Fourth Street,
Between 9 and 10.
TART of store; suitable for electrician and
• Iwkymith. 042 Waller Bt.
PERSOXALS.
A ~ FACIAL. BLKMliSHKS liEMOVED.
v\ ticlue*. yellow and fiabby tkln. birthmarks,
frr.allpox pitting* and tears scientifically re-
ir.oved without cutting, massage, electricity or
medicines; special demonstrations this week.
Cell or write DR. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
fcPEOAL — Reduced for the month only, home
treatment that ycu can use at your own
hcnie, removing wrinkles, tan. freckles, leav-
ing skin dear and smooth: to be had only at
my office. Call or write M. ELLA HARRIS.
¦ '*>* OTarreU et.
THE Etar Hair Rt-medy restores gray hair, im-
jro\te its growth;Ftops falllng;cures dandruS
and itcL'.r.K tcaip; no et&in or stickiness; ,
cleanres BOi.lp;»t erugpistB". hairdressers' ;ac-
• cept no eulmltute. Star KernecyCo-.oSSGeary.
NOT bow cheap, but hew good, is the motto ot
the manufacturer* of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, tbe eewing-machlne of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, arent. 1C21 Market et.
¦ PHYSICIAN, IS rears' experience, cures per-
¦ " rr.anently morphine cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy, 251 Grant ave.,
ccmer Putter Kt. ; tfv moderate.
• DANCING Tue?day. Thursday. Saturday and
trunday tv.r.ints at Trutocia Hall, Howard
et., near KintiJ ; management Prof. Foster.
' AT lees ttan co6t. uncal>d for eults, overcoats
end troupers, it CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor, 721 Markf-t Et.
¦ THE higheEt price paid for ladles' cr gents'
cart-crT .-<>¦¦¦*¦ and all articles of value at
WEISBEIiG'g. 114A Ellis st.
IZLEGANT euite en ea*y installments; 60 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
' ket St.. between Seventh aad Eighth. -^
15AIRDRESS1NG in all tranches taught: $5 for
2 weeks. Up-to-Date Hainiressing Parlors,
. 1»2G Market st.. room' 1. upstairs.
6CHUTLEB; Trust to me.- I'll help you.
Wire we your address. JOHN.
UIIS. RUMPLE will be pleased to meet old and
new friends at her ir.Uilrwry parlors, 221 Geary
ALL riilej? halrdreEting. 25c; hair good*: manl-
ccriny. 25c. O. LEDERER. 123 gtoeicton »t.
: 7AILOP.-MADE rait ft B0; dress paaU $2 So.
Miefii Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
fclPERFLUOUS hair end moles removed by
electric nw-die. Dr.AMrg.Tre.verse.1170 Market
MASQUERADE coFtume*. play books, wigs.
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
ALFREDUJi'S Egyptian Henna restores sray
• hair to Its natural color; ?1; at all druggists'.
Superfluous hair and rr.ole* removed with elec-
ti-c needle. Mrg. & Miss Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
CHEAPEST and best Sn America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pasee. R*nt to any address in the
Cr.!ti»c* States cr r K na^a rr.» vear for It.
PALJHSTUV.
. tfL'.K. DEVAS — Scientlflc palmist and astrolo-
Kist. Palm readings $1. Hours 10 to 12 and
1 to 6 aad Tuesday fvenlngE. 139 Post «t. :
•¦ H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. -13 '<
Taylor »t.. near Geary. Phone Black 561.
PAPKUHAHCIXG. I'AI.XTIXG. ETC.
• liOOMS rapered. $3 50 up; tinting:, painting.
- Hanm«an Paim Co.. 319 33 6t.;tel.Maln 413.
PUYSIC1A.NS A.\D SURGEONS.
' 3JB. C. C O'DON'XELL— Office and resldnnce.
1021& Market tt.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
. KLOOD. rkln and rectal diseases a epeciaity.
-. CE. BALL. 1073^1 Market ct. j
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor; '
treat* all diseases of the human body; fcr
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at CC7 Geary et.. near Leavenworth.
r>H. JONG PO CUT. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor; cures all diseases of human
. ty use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
"WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dis-
«-ases cured by Chinese herbe. 746-8 Clay it.
PROIOSALS.
rrtOPOSALS — Bids j
fcy given that sealed proposals ttIU be re-
ceJved by the board of directors cf tile Vet- |
<ran«' Home of California, at its office, room i
13. 220 Sansome street. San Francisco up j
to 12 o'clock m. on MOXDAY. September 14 i
::»<X'>. for furnishing and delivering materials 1
and furnishings lor the new hospital at the i
Veterans' Home. Kara County. Cal. (rail- j
road station Yountvllle). Specifications for |
above may be teen *ndt examined at the of- |
See cf the board cf wrectors between the |
hours of 3 a. in. and S p. in. each week day. '¦
Hooey for payment on contracts will be i
available immediately after January 1. 1904. I
Preference will be plvesi to goo<is manufac- I
tured in this State, price, fitness and qual- ]
ity being e<juel. under the pro\-isions of sec- .
tion 'i-i~ of the Political Code. The boarU ;
reserve* the right to reject any or all bids, '
and to order any quantity over or under the
¦ •amount specified. Address JOIIX F. SHEE- '
HAN. Secretary of the UoarJ of .Directors •
of the Veterans' Home of Califon-ila. room !
13 220 Eanffjnw ttreet. San Francisco. Cal. '
13y orxie^ of the board of directors. JOiiX '
•¦ - F FHEEHAN. Secretary. !
. — : I
' £ AX FRAN'CISCO. Cal.. Aug. 27. 1903.— Sealed j
I ¦rcpoviifi. in triplicate, will be received her* j
¦ until 12 o'clock noon Sect. 7. 1903, and tbea j
opened for construction cf tewers at Depot
. < f Recruits. Instruction. Presidio of Ean '
.rraiieiecc, Cal. Government reserves right j
to reject or accept e.r.y or all bids in whole i
cr in part. Information furnished oa appli- \
cation to C. A. DEVOL, Quartermaster, .
Chief Q. M.
¦ ' _ ¦ t
SPECIAL NOTICES. "I
KOTICB'la hereby given that the Transfer I
( f California will be closed Spptember IS. j
r.xj.'!. at 3 o'clock p. m.. iind will reopen on i
Friday, October 2, 1903. liy order of the
U.ard cf Directors.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
£?VUinU~r 3, lt«;3.
: UP.. A. E. NEUMEISTKIl. Surgeon — Special
attention piven to rn«-dical and sursical dis-
eases of women, diseases of the liver stom-
ach and bowel*. M3-14 Ftarr King' bldg.,
. li'l Gf-ary Et.: tcl. Private Kxchar.ge 216.
CHEAPEST and bc«t in America— The Weekly
Cs:i. 16 pages, eer.t to any address In the j
. T~n:«e-1 fl^'n nr Caiailt one ypar for $1. ;
SPECIALISTS.
CATAKRH, DEA FNE^fTand NOISES In EARS i
: iKjfitJvely cured; new method; J week's treat- '
nest free. Dr. Cottinpham. 204 Putter st. I
BTOBJLGil AM* WAREHOUSES, {
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture^ I
household goods stored, moved, shipped. T25- j
7^1 Howard Bt.. near Third; phone Grant 16L
PIERCK-KODOLPH Etorape & Moving Co., of-
lice I J of=t and IV well rt?. ; t*l. Priv. Ex. 571.
- OOXKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone Hast 126.
GOLDEN* West Storage; advances made; 840
Mission et.: tel. Howard 'J41. F. W. ZehfUEs.
PACIFIC Etorare and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Filimore et.: rbene Jackson 281.
BUKINS Van and Ftorape Co.. 11 Montgomery
et.: tel. Main IS4O. Shipping at cut rates.
DIV^EXD^\OTICES^
AMERICAN'can Company.— At a meeting of
the Board of Directors of the American Can
Company, held September 1. 1JK)3, a dividend
ct two tnd one-half ter cent was declared
upon the preferred Etock, payable «a Septem-
ber 30 to stockholders of record at the clos«
¦ cf business September 15. Tbe transfer
tiooks will be closed as to the preferred etock
Jroni September 16 to September 30, both
daye Inclusive. Checks will be mailed.
•; AMERICAN CAN COMPANT. R. H. IS-
,MOX. Secrets ry.
"DIVIDEND NOTICE — Tbe Giant Powder Com-
pacv. Con. A dividend. No. C7. of flftr
'. cent* (Me) per .*hare on the Issued capital
'ftock of the company has been declared, pay-
• " abl* at the office of the company, room*
2C2. 204. 20C Hayward building. San Fran-
citco, on September 10. 1903. . Transfer book*
'._ close Sept. 3 at noon. C. C. Quinn. Secretary.
LEGAL. ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN" the Superior Court of the City and County
' of San Francisco, State of California. — Filed
August 25. 1903, ALBERT B. MAHONY.
Clerk, by E. J. CASEY. Deputy Clerk: No.
•:»,15O. Probate — In the matter of the estate
of ALICE SKAE, deceased. Notice for pub-
lication of time appointed for probate of will,
C. C. P.. Sec. 1303. — N'oiice 1» hereby given
... " that Tuesday, the 8th Cay of September,
A. D. 1003, at 10 o'clock a. m. of that day,
and the courtroom of Department No. 9 of
»ald court, ex the City Hall, In the City and
County of San Francisco, htate of California,
have been appointed aa tbe time and place
for proving the duly authenticated copy of
the will and codicil of ea'.d ALICE SKAE,
deceased, and of the probate thereof, and
.for hearinr the application of MERCAN-
TILE TRUST COMPANY OF SAN FHAN-
.CISCO, a corporation, for the issuance to it
of letters testamentary thereon. [Seal.] AL-
. BERT B. MAHONY. Clerk, by E. J. CAREY.
Deputy Ork. Dated. August 25. A. D. 1903.
MORRISON & COPE, attorneys for pe-
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR 9ALE.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
5 MONTGOMERY gT.
FINE PROSPECTIVE BUTS.
$S7.r.0O— Larkln-st. corner; 187:6 feet front
by rood death; excellent buy.
: $7."..000— Large Van Ness-ave. corner; ready
for fine large hotel, and we have responsible
tenant.
J75.O00 — Taylor et.. very close to Market;
good brick building.
*«5.000— Geary st., north elae, near Leaven-
worth; over 75 feet front, with good buildings;
this is a first-class site for apartment-house or
family hotel.
Van Ness-ave. corner, with 5 houses; good
rents at present, with fine prospacts In near
future.
fOO.OOO— Mission-et. corner; nearly 250 feet,
frontage on two streets. «
JGU.OCO — Clope to Van Ness; partly improved;
fine site for family hotel or apartment-house.
?60.000— Market-et. corner, running back to
rear street, with 75 feet front on rear street.
I 151.OCO — Fourth st-; not bar from Market.
JSI.CUO— MlBslon-et. corner, east of Ninth;
pays 43 per cent net.
f 45,000— Corner. 60 vara, with frame improve-
ments.
$45,000— Turk st, not far from Market.
$45.000 — Large market on business street In
Western Addition* pays over 5 per cent net now.
$41,000 — Lark(n-Bt. corner, under lease to
eood tenant. ¦ .
$37.500 — Geary Et., close to St. Francis Ho-
tel; good-elied lot; 2-story frame; building on
this lot should be brought to the sidewalk line,
a store put below and rooms added to the upper
story; it would then pay an excellent rate on
the amount invested.
$3r>.<MX>— Polk Bt.; 3-story frame building; 2
stores and 2 flats; progressive locality; rents
now $175 a month, but will advance.
$35, 00*— Mason Bt., near Ellis; 25-foot lot. '
$31,000— Polk et. ; rents $lfcO a month; good
3-ftnry frame building.
i *3O,OO4">— Van Ness-ave. corner; 30 feet front.
I 10l« feet deep on north side of street; large and
substantial 2-etory residence of 14 rooms; build-
ing can be remodeled and made to pay excel-
lently; location first-class.
$.'$0.000 — Geary Ft.; in rapidly improving lo-
cality; 3-story building.
$25.000 — Post Ft.; frame buildings; in good
progressive locality.
$1^.000 — Webb St.. close to Sacramento and
Kearny; rents $170 a month.
$25.0(X) — Putter St., close to Leavenworth;
only 3 tenants; 45 feet front.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
5 MONTGOMERY ET
W. J. GUXN.
630 CALIFORNIA STREET.
(Savings Union Building.)
$2500 each — Union Et. ; sunny Fide; near Scott;
2 cnoice lots. 25x110; basalt blocks; stone
pavement; cheap; just the location for
fiats.
I1G50 each— Union St., W. of Broderick; 25x
100; ready for building; now the cheapest
lots In Western Addition; flats will rent
well, being on the sunny side and having
a errand marine view; easy payments.
$5000 — Corner on Broderick St.; 44x103; marine
View; very fine.
f2400 — Webster-st. lot, 27:0x107:6; very cheap;
fine lot for flats.
$7600 — Green st.; a grand lot on the sunny
ride and having a marine view that is
like a panorama; overlooks the Presidio;
: 34:4x137:0; situated between two new
beautiful colonial style mansions; street
bituminized.
$0750— I>evisadero-Et. lot, 34x103; grand marine
view.
J2G00 for both— W. side Sixth ave.. N. of Lake
St.; 50x120; a fine buy for a builder; a
bargain: graded, macadamized and sew-
ered; adjoining lot Just sold at $1500; the
location is all that can be desired; a de-
sirable class of houses going up; can ar-
', range for easy terms.
Lots for lets than ?(KK) in Richmond district,
with 3 lines of cars; street work done;
this fide of Tenth ave.; nothing as cheap
as this.
Furnished residence to rent in San Rafael; on
Fifth ave.; 8 rooms, bathroom; on corner;
very Bunny; large lot; garden: will lease
for a year at low rental monthly of $50; ;
' convenient to cars.
W. J. GUNN.
: S30 CALIFORNIA STREET.
I
A BARGAIN— «4250; CORNER LOT. 2 FLATS;
LOT 25x114; 154 CLIPPER ST. SEE
OWNER ON PREMISES.
j 3 COTTAGES of 5 r. and b.. on 28th St.. half
block of Caetro-st. cars; foreclosure sale;
$100 down balance $20 per month; open
Sundays. D. COFFIN & CO., 3393 Mission.
j NEAT ccttage with modern improvements;
terms eame as paying rent. Apply owner,
i lumber yard. S.E. corner Alabama and
Montcalm streets. - . ....
: FOR eale — House 8 rms.; high basement; sunny
side 19th. bet. Valencia and Mission; no reas.
offer refused. Stephens & Co., Union-sq. Mkt.
! LOTS north cr south of park purchased. W.
J. GUNN. 530 California st.
i FOR SALE — Cottage of 7 rooms, bath. 27
Ford St.. b^t. 17th and ISth: lot 25x114.
j REAL ESTATE — Country— For Sale.
j ANNOUNCEMENT— The Sacramento Valley
Land Company Is now surveying the great
wheat farms, the estates of Dr. Glenn and
Senator Jchn Boggs, on the Sacramento
< River .at Princeton and Jaclnto: hie canal
building: abundant Irrigation water; prices
will be very low; best opportunity for
homefeekers ever presented In California;
00,000 acres In 20 to 40 home tracts; peerless
alfalfa, orange, peach, pear, prune, beet,
com. potato, celery and asparagus land:
eediaient roll; abundant water; splendid
clinate: absolutely certain crops. C. M.
•vVoqSTER CO.. 048 Market et. i
I A CHANCE FOR TOUR SAVINGS—
Pretty five-acre wooded villa sites between
depot at P.e4*ooil City and foothills of San
) .Mat c-o County; near Stanford: offered at one-
half real value; 6 acres, $1250 to $1375 each;
fl"5 down and $25 35 monthly will buy one;
beet opportunity on peninsula, and that is
the bent suburban property In California.
Don't let this go by. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
C4S Market st.
i GREAT BARGAIN— 0S0 acres wheat and
barley and vines; 3 miles from depot and
pood town; last crop. $6000; price for 10
days, $7000; Colusa County. C. M. WOOS-
TEH CO.. 648 Market et.
| 20-ACRE fruit ranch in Placer County; fine
climate; ideal home; rabbit-proof fence; good
four-horne barn; 3-room houEe; all planted
in bert variety fruit; 16 acres In actual bear-
ing; will cell cheap on account of owner's
leaving country. Apply l_o WALTER E. LO-
GAN. 1118 Broadway. Oakland.
GO up Sunday on the cheap excursion to Napa
and look at that ranch for $1000, which we
must sell; it Is a bargain; fruit trees, house,
barn. etc.
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
J ALFALFA lands, rtock ranches, orchards.
vineyards; inspected bargains; monthly cata-
j Iojtjcs sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 643
Market ft.
' SV4 ACRES improved chicken ranch; a bar-
¦ pain. Mrs. Molatt. Cotati, Sonoma Co.. Cal.
j I'OI.\T RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
j WATER front lot* and bargains; all tracts-
i n-.apn, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg ¦
I ! ¦
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL "ESTATE.
JUST WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR.
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded by flowers and fruit trees; near
train and schools; only $2850; lot 75x125.
Nice 6-room ccttage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANT,
Tel. Grand 1416. 1500 Park st.. Alameda.
BARGAIN — $1050: Alameda; a 4-room cottage
and bath; lot 27:6x175 feet; easy terms. 451
Linden ave.. Fan Francisco. [¦ <
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
FURNISHED 8-room. bouse to responsible
party; no children: references. 011 Market st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 2BOADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$100 CASH and $60 per month secures a mag-
nificent colonial 8-room house, finished in
. curly redwood; open and nickel plumbing;
lot 50x141; elegant marine view; 1916
Eleventh ave. Open for insDectlon daily
from 9 to 6; take street car at .Eighth and
Broadway.
J. S. MTERS or GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$3750— REDUCED from $4500 for a quick sale;
new colonial house of 7 rooms and bath ;
all modern; 2 blocks to the local station,
schools and cars: accepted street.' near
business center; only $500 cash, balance
mortgage; . a rare opportunity to secure
a fine home at a low price and easy
terms.
J. S. MTERS or GEORGE W. AUSTIN,
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAAD FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Schellhaae, 11th *t.,cor. etore.Oakind
DIED.
Ammann, Adolph Koening-. Elizabeth
Beat. Ellzab A. Louis, Alberta L.
Bekeart, Julius F. McArthur, Ada ;
Brandrup, Bridget McNulty, Mamie
Byles. Amelia Martinez. Catherine
Cahill, Jamts Nasser, Sunke
Cahn, Sephora ' " Nolan, Michael
Cronk. Samuel H. " Plummer. Harriett
Dewing, Madison S. RUey. John J. «
Gllllck, Johh L. Schlelcher, August
Hart, Jamea * Slack, D. E.
Hogan, Pierce C. „ Steuer; Willie
Johnson, Paul Woodbeck, Leo
. Jones, Emma : ' ¦ Zschlesche, Christian
Kelly, Mrs. Annie • ,; "
AMMANN— In this city, September 2, 1903.
Adolph Ammann, dearly beloved husband of
Wilhelmlna Ammann, and father x>f F. • W. 1 ,
William and Adolph Ammann Jr., a native
of Bavaria, Germany, aged 68 years 10
months and 20 days.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company,
1209 Mission street, between Eighth and
Ninth. Cremation I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
Please omit flowers. .^
BEAL — In this city, September 3, 1903, Ellzah
A. Beat, a native of Illinois, aged 44 years
1 month and 9 days. A member of the
Painters' Union. Local No. 19. <
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
at, 10 o'clock, from the funeral parlors of
Porter & White,-' 423 Golden Gate avenue.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
BEKEART— In this city, September 4, 1903,
Julius Francis- Bekeart, a veteran of the
Mexican War, 1846, end pioneer of Califor-
nia, 1849, father of Frank C. Charles A. and
Philip B. Bekeart and the late Mrs. George
McCord, aged. 81 years 1 month and 19 days.
fCTFuneral services will be held at hia
late residence, 708 Broderick street, Sunday,
at 2 o'clock. Interment private.
BRANDRUP — In this city. September 4, 1903,
at her residence, 33^ Lapldge street, Brid-
get, beloved wife of John Brandrup, beloved
mother of Edward C. McNulty, and beloved
sister of Mrs. Thomas Gardner, Mrs.' Thomas
McNulty and Patrick and James Cassidy, a
native of County Donegal, Ireland.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 33 \ 3 Lapldge street, between Eight-
eenth and Nineteenth, thence to Mission Do-
i lores Church for sen-ices at 2- o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. A solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated Monday,
at 9 o'clock, at Mission Dolores Church, for
. the repose of the soul jof the late Bridget
Brandrup. Friends and acquaintances are
. respectfully invited to attend. .
BYLES— In this city, September 2, 1803, at
her residence, 1110 Leavenworth street, Ame-
lia Byles, beloved wife of George Byles, a
native or the Isle of Jersey.
fCTTuneral private.
CAHILL— In this city, September 2, 1003,
, James, beloved husband of Eliza Cahill, and
father of John A. and Edward F. Cahill,
a native of County Waterford, Ireland, aged
80 years.
lC7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday), at 0 o'clock, from the funeral,
parlors of McGinn Bros., 224-226 McAllister
street, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where
a mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 0:30 o'clock. . In-
terment private in Holy Cross Cemetery.
CAHN — In this city. September 3, 1903, Se-
phora, beloved wife of Nathan Cahn. and
Bister of Mrs. A Cahn, Mrs. H. M. Bloch
and Nathan and Joseph Willard. a native
of France, aged 48 years.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully' Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, September 6, at 9:30 o'clock, at her
late residence. 800 Fell street. Cremation
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, - by train leaving
Third and Townsend streets at 11 o'clock.
CRONK— In Redwood City, September 3, 1903,
Samuel Henry Cronk, beloved husband of
Mary L. Crank, and father of Elevyn and
James S. Oonk, a native of New Tork, aged
"52 years 10 months and 8 days.
tCKrleuds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday, at 2 o'clock, at his late residence,
Stanbough etreet. Interment Union Ceme-
tery, Redwood City.
DEWING— In Oakland. September 4, 1903.
. Madison S., beloved husband of Hattle F.
Dewing, and father of Pearl and Ethel Dew-
ing, a native of Connecticut.
GILLICK — In Berkeley. September 4. 1903,
John Lowery, beloved son of James and Mary
Gllllck. and brother of Mary, James, Wil-
liam, Thomas, Peter and Margaret Gllllck,
a native of California, aged 26 years 11
months and 10 days.
(C7FriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
September 6, 1903, at 1:30 o'clock, from
his late residence, 2!>23 Florence street,
Berkeley, thence' to Sacred Heart Church,
where services will be held for the repose of
his soul at 2 o'clock. Interment St; Mary's
¦ Cemetery. - , - . .
HART— In the City and County Hospital, Sep-
tember 3. 1803, James Hart, a native of Ire-
land; aged 82 years.
HOGAN— In this city, - September 2, 1903,
Pierce C. Hogan.. beloved brother of Edward
W. Hosan, beloved uncle of William M.,
John and Morris J. Condon, and brother of
the late John Hogan, a native of Ireland,
aged 34 years.
U-^" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of James Hagan, 445 Valencia street, thence
to St. Joseph's Church, corner Tenth and
Howard streets, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the rej<ose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In the City and County Hospital,
September 4. 1903, Paul Johnson, a native
of New York,- axed 41 years.
JONES— In this city, September 4, 1903, Emma
Jones, beloved wife of the late John Jones,
and -mother of Fred and Ida M. Jones, Mrs.
J. McNesby and Mrs. C. Cane, a native of
New Brunswick, aged 47 years 0 months and
6 days.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from tho parlors of
the United Undertakers, 8WJ Mission street,
between Fourth and Fifth. Interment Lau-
rel Hill_ Cemetery.
KELLY — In East Oakland, September 4, 190.X
Mrs. Annie Kelly, mother of Mamie Keily
of San Francisco, and aunt of Fred Peterson
of Rock Island, III., a native of Sweden,
aged 45 years.
KOENING— In this city, September 4, 1003,
at her residence. 424 Halght street. Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of Max Koening. and de-
voted mother of Max J. Koenlngr and Mr*>.
A. L.. Hansen, a native of Germany, aged t>6
years 11 months and 23 days.
LOUIS— In this city, September 4. 1003 at the
residence of her parents, Igio Alabama
street, between Preeita avenue and Twenty-
eighth street, Albert Louisa Louis, dearly
beloved daughter of William Charles and
Annie M. Louis, and sister of Theodore E
Louis, a native of San Francisco aged 2
months and 27 days.
McARTHUR— In this city, September 1 1903
Ada McArthur, beloved mother of Rose,
Dlna and Ruth McArthur, and daughter of
Mrs. J. T. Brown, a native of California,
agc-d 20 years 7 months and 22 days.
[CyFrlends and acquaintances are rrspect-
fuliy Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
at 10 o'clock, from the funeral parlors of
I'orter & White, 423 Golden Gate avenue
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. .
McNULTY— In this city, September 2, 1903,
Mamie, beloved daughter of Mrs. M. and
the late Martin McNulty, and sister of M.
T.i Frank, George and Sadie McNulty, a na-
tive . of * Watsonvllle, Cal., aged 29 years 5
months and 21 days.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 0:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros., 224-226 McAllister
street, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where
services will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing- at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross ¦ Cemetery, by 11 'o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
MARTINEZ— In Lakeport, Cal., September 3
1903, Catherine K. Martinez.
NASSER — In Colma, September 3. 1903, Sunke
Nasser, beloved brother of Maria Lelsner,
a native of Schleswisr-Holstein, Germany!
_ aged 71 years 11 months and 20 days.
NOLAN — In this city, September 4, 1003
.Michael, beloved husband of Margaret Nolan'
and father of Clara, John, May, Helena!
• William, Elolse and Raymond Nolan and
Mrs. J, T. Farrell, a native of County Gal-
way, Ireland. A member of Mexican War
Veterans and California Pioneers. (New Or-
leans papers please copy.)
tT Notice of funeral hereafter.
PLUMMER— In Mill Valley, Cal., September
4, 1003, Harriett M., beloved wife of Wil-
liam A. Plummer, mother of Mrs. Beulah
5. Btrber and Fred W. Plummer. and sister
of Mrs. Adah H; Gee of Alameda. a native
of Rochester, N. T., aged 01 years. (Roches-
ter, N. Y., and Dayton, Ohio, papers please
copy.) ¦
ETNotlce of interment later.
RILEV— In this city, September 3, 1903 John
J.. dearly beloved son of Patrick and the late
Bridget Rlley, and brother of Edward A ana
. Fannie Rlley, Mrs. Mark Brown . and Mrs
James Lombard, a native of San Francisco
JDTFrier.dB and acquaintances are respect-*
! fully invited to attend, the funeral, to-dav
(Saturday), - at 9:30 o'clock, from, his late
residence, 755 Brannan street, between Sixth
and Seventh, thence to St. Rose's Church
. where a requiem high 'mass will be ccle-
! brated for the repose of- his soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
SCHLE1CHER— In this city, September 3, 1903
August, beloved husband of Frances Schlelch-
er, and beloved son of , Mrs. a. Schlelcher*
- of Frackfcrt-on-the-Main, a native ot Rot-
s' terdam. ¦ aged 33 years and 5 months.
{?¦""Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of Thcodor Dlerks, 057 Mission street be-
tween Fifth and Sixth. Cremation Odd' Fel-
lows' Cemetery. , . .¦,/¦¦¦• '
James McGinn. - -- ; HenryTaansen^l
V. JAMES McGINN & CO.. . I
Formerly With McGinn Bros., I
——Funeral Directors and ' Embalmers I
.; 214 ' Eddy St.; TeL South 876. ' 1Bishop Nichols Pays Tribute to the
Character of the Late
Dr. Foute.
The memorial services in honor of the
late Rev. Dr. R. C. Foute were held in
Grace Episcopal Church yesterday morn
ing. Right Rev. Bishop- William Ford
Nichols officiated. He paid a glowing
tribute to the deceased clergyman,- tak
ing for his text the tenth verse of the
third chapter of I Corinthians: "As a wise
master builder."
Dr. Foute was the pastor of Grace
Church for nineteen years, and greatly
endeared himself to his congregation. He
was always bright, sparkling and affable
and a most interesting talker on any
topic that presented itself. He was a
graduate of the Naval Academy and was
a midshipman on the Merrimac when she
was defeated by the Monitor during the
Civil War. For over thirty years he was
a minister of the gospel, having begun his
career in the Southern States Just after
the close of the war.
Many actors and singers use Piso's Cure to
strengthen the voice and prevent hoarseness. •
MEMORIAL SERVICES ARE
HEX.D AT GRACE CHURCH
ASK FOB EAELY TRIAL.
Stephen V. Costello, attorney for Mrs.
Reeves, says that his client courts an im-
Third — In the course of interviews with
several young ladles on the school premises
Mrs. Keeves has made false and slanderous
statements concerning the attitude of the prin
cipal to herself and her work.
All of which has been seriously detrimental
to the discipline of the school and has threat
ened to Impair Its standard of scholarship.
In view of the importance to the welfare of
the school I resuectfully request that it re
ceive your early attention. Respectfully sub
mitted, WALTER N. BUSH.
Principal Polytechnic High School.
First — In i the school building she grossly
misrepresented to teachers of the school dur
ing school hours statements made to her by
the principal.
Second — That «he openly stated to one
teacher in the classroom that she was "on the
fight with the principal."
In accordance with the Instructions received
by me from the Board of Education, Mrs.
Reeves was assigned to Classen In the sub
jects that she had taught before her removal
from the school by the Board of Education in
the spring of 1SW, to wit: Latin, English and
history.
The charge of Incompetency Is based upon
the fact that her knowledge of Latin Is so
slight as to make her attempts at instruction
not only useless but harmful and misleading tc
the puijil. ,
It may be remarked here that with her con
sent and in the face of my protest she was
elected by the board of Education of 1808
head of the Latin department of this school.
The charce of unprofessiona 1 conduct is
based on the facts:
MRS. REEVES ASSIGNED.
Mrs. Reeves stands accused of a grave
charge over the signature of her super
ior and while she realizes Bush did
not use the phrase in Its recognized sense,
she is desirous of having the offensive
term expunged from the report of Prin
cipal Bush, which is now on file as a
public record with the Board of Educa
tion and with Superintendent of Schools
Langdon, Webster's successor in office.
On December 23, 1902, or three days
after the filing of his first report, Bush
filed another communication with the
Board of Education in which he modified
his original charge by accusing Mrs.
Reeves of unprnfefisional conduct only
and incompetency in the teaching . of
Latin. Mrs. Reeves is just as anxious to
have a hearing on these charges as she
is to have the first one thoroughly in
vsetigated. Bush, in his second report,
says that Mrs. Reeves was unprofesional
in that she misrepresented to other teach
ers statements made by Bush to her. The
communication follows:
POLYTECHNIC HIGH SCHOOL,
December 22. l»02.
To the Honorable the Board of Education of
the City and County of San Francisco: I here
by respectfully submit to your honorable board
charges of Incompetency as a teacher and un
professional conduct against Mrs. Irene D.
Reeves.
WANTS TERM EXPUNGED.
The charge, which was part of Bush's
report on the condition of schools, was in
the following terms:
December 20. 1002.
Mrs. I. Reeves, teacher of English and his
tory and Latin.
Deficient in scholarshio in Latin, weak in
scholarship In Knidish and history and
guilty of unprofessional and Immoral con
duct In the school. Respectfully submitted.
XV. N. Bl*SH, Principal P. H. S.
To R. H. Webster, Superintendent of Schools,
etc.
Mrs. Irene D. Reeves, a teacher In the
Polytechnic High School, demands that
she be given a hearing on the charges
preferred against her by Principal W. N.
Bush. Though she has repeatedly re r
quested that she be given a trial, the
Board of Education shows no disposition
to grant her request. Neither does Bush
manifest a desire to accede to her de
mand that he either withdraw his charges
or prove them.
Bush filed the charge with former Su
perintendent of Schools Webster just be
fore the latter's retirement from office
and while accusing Mrs. Keeves of "im
moral conduct," subsequently disclaimed
any intention of using the phrase in its
implied sense. When asked by one of
the school directors to particularize the
charge Bush replied that Mrs. Reeves had
told an untruth about him.
Teacher Demands That Superior
Prove His Words or Withdraw
Report Filed With Board
of Education.
Head of Polytechnic. High
School Reflects on Her
Character. .
Mrs. L D. Reeves Courts
V Inquiry on Bush's
Accusations.
TUTOR WANTS
PRINCIPAL TO
PROVE CHARGE
It pays you to let us do your printing, and
you don't have to worry. MyBell-Rolllns, 22
Clay, do firgt-cla*i work. Phcne Main 5051. •
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces an examination on
September 16 at San Francisco to fill one
vacancy at $1600 per annum and fifteen
vacancies at $1500 per annum in the posi
tion of civil engineer and superintendent
of construction. Age limit, 20 years or
over. Persons who desire to compete
should write to the United States Civil
Service Commission, Washington, D. *C.,
and request permission to take this ex
amination and also ask for application
form 1312. which should be executed and
filed with the commission at Washington.
Positions for Sixteen Civil Engineers.
Tyadall Is Interesting.
Those who like to mix instruction with
their entertainment will find something to
tbeir liking- in the psychic evenings of
Dr. Mclvor-Tynda'.l at Steinway Hall
every Sunday night. Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall
has thus far been wonderfully successful
in attracting large and cultured audi
ences, it being no unusual thing for many
to be unable to gain admission. For the
coming Sunday night (to-morrow) there is
an unusually large advance sale of re
served seats, and the indications are that
there will be another large audience. The
evening will be taken up with demonstra
tions of the power of thought by Dr.
Mclvor-Tyndall and by a lecture oc
"Human Electricity" : by Dr. Albert J.
Atkins, a local physician. Dr. Atkins has
promised that he' will tell Dr. Mclvor-
Tyndall's audience something of his re
cent discovery of the life principle.
The San Francisco Eye
1* almost constantly irritated by wind
and miceral-laden dust; inflammation,
redness, itching and burning, followed by
£T&nuiated eyelids, are the results.
MURIN'K EYK REMEDY. gives quick re
lief. Doesn't smart; soothes eye pain;
makes weak eyes strong. Your druggist
or optician sell* Murine at 50 cents. •
Child Killed by a Truck.
William Stoner, a three-year-old boy,
whose parents resitie at 1021 Shotwell
street, was run over and killed near his
home at 8:15 o'clock yesterday morning
by a truck driven by Charles Schill, in
the employ of W. J. Jackson. Schill was
arrested on a charge of manslaughter and
released on $50 ball. He said the child
boarded the truck from the rear, ran
across to the other side and fell off under
the hind wheels, which passed over his
head.
A well-known local gentieman cured
his perspiring feet with five applications
cf Koenlgstein's Red Salve. •
On the trial yesterday the United Rail
roads were represented by George F.
Chapman, the general manager; Henry
H. Lynch, general superintendent of con
struction; Edward E. Gates, claim attor
ney, and F. W. Allen, division superin
tendent of the San Mateo division. Oth
ers in the party were V. W. Gaskill, H.
T. Lally, G. Gregory Rogers, Dr. L. L.
Lord, L. Murphy and representatives of
the press. r. • j
The officials of the company were great
ly pleased with the time that the car
made yesterday. The schedule time will
be about one hour and fifteen minutes at
the start. This will undoubtedly be in
creased later.
Should traffic warrant, the company is
prepared to put on a twenty-minute ser
vice, as there is rolling • stock to meet
that requirement.
On the trial trip yesterday only one
stop was made, that being- at the suu
station at Millbrae, where the guests were
invited to make an inspection of the
power-house.
From that point to San Mateo the car
was allowed to run almost to its full
speed, which is forty-five miles an hour.
The road is finely, ballasted and ther*
are very few curves, so no time is lost in
slowing up. I The regular service will be
inaugurated on Monday, September 7.
Cars will leave the corner of Market
and Fifth streets at 6 a. m. and keep up
a half hourly service until 6:30 p. m.,
when they will run hourly until 11:30 p. m.
From San Mateo the first car will leave
at 5:30 a. m. and the half hourly service
will be kept up until 8 p. m. From 8 p.m.
there will be an hourly service until
11 p. m.
At 12 o'clock the last car will leave
San Matto and will connect with the owl
car at San Jose and Ocean avenues at
1:18 a. m.
The new car used on this occasion is
one of the twenty that is "to. do the ser
vice between San Francisco and San Ma
teo. It is arranged in compartments,
having a small smoking-room at the rear.
The actual running time from the cor
ner of Market and Fifth streets to San
Mateo was exactly sixty-one minutes.
The formal opening of the through; elec
tric car service to San Mateo took place
yesterday. It was a great success in
every way.
Electric Cars Will Run
on a Half Hourly-
Schedule.
FINE SERVICE
TO SAN MATEO
There will be six divisions to the par
ade, j under the marshalship of Emil
Schaerer. They will comprise the mem
bers of nearly 140 unions and every trade
in the city will be represented. The par
ade will move at 9:39 o'clock sharp and
unions are requested to report at 9 o'clock
Fharp. The procession will be reviewed
at Eleventh and Market streets by the
grand marshal and speakers and officers
of the day of the council.
It has bcon proposed to make the
demonstration the greatest of Its kind
ever held in the city and. indications are
that it will be s<v The cJebration will
be one strictly conforming with the spirit
of labor unionism and in a manner that
wlil receive the approval of every union
man in the city.
Nearly all the labor unions in the city
participated in th<». parade of 19^2. This
year the Labor Council and the Building
Trades Council ¦will parade separately.
The first named parade will Ftart from
East and Market Ftrrets, continue on
Market to Van Ness avenue, thence to
Eddy street, where It will countermarch
to Eig-hth and Market. The Building
Trades Council's parade will form at Van
ICpss avenue and ITnion streets, march to
Market, on Market to the ferry, where
it will disband, and the participants will
go to Shell Mound Park, where the an
nual exercises will be held. The thou
sands of union men in the city will par
ticipate in one or the other parade and
will inarch under one or the other ban
ner.
The Labor Council committee has
planned the parade so that those who
march will have an opportunity of being
amply refreshed before they, meet at the
Chutes celebration in the afternoon. The
exercises at the latter place commence at
4 p. m., immediately after the regular
theatrical performance. Schuppcrt'.s and
Solo's combined bands and the Temple
Quartet will furnish the music. President
O. B. Benham of the Labor Council will
deliver an address on "The Future of
Trade Unionism," ar.d Andrew Furuseth.
secretary of the Sailors' Union of the Pa
cific, will pprak on th<? labor movement
and what it is. The programme is as fol
lows:
Overture
. . . .Schuppert's and Selo's combined bands
Music Temple Quartet
Address "The Future of Trade L'nlonigm"
George B. Bedlam, president of San
Francisco Lal>or Council.
MufIc Temnle Quartet
AddresF. ."The Labor Movement — What Is It?"
Andrew Kurus<-th, secretary Sailors' I'nicn.
Music » Temnie Quartet
MuFic. . .6chup;ic-rt's and Selo's combined bands
Dancing will bes?n at 2:30 o'clock in the
afternoon in the Chutes dancing pavilion
and continue during the evening. Follow
iing is a list of those who win direct this
feature of the day's entertainment:
Floor manager 'red. white and blue rosette,
trimmed with poHt — M. Vv'. Coffey. Uackmen's
I'Rion. Fin-t assistant floor manager (purple
rosette, trimmed with sold) — H. U. Brown,
Undertakers' Assistants' I'nion. Floor com
mittee < lavender rosette, trimmed with silver)
— W. E. Stapling. Carriage Painters' Union;
Philip Deitz. Ulaes Blowers: James Mc-
Queeney, Klecrrical Workers; George G. Bois
f>on. £aji I-'rancisco Printing Pressmen; O.
. Hinters, Barbers: F.-ank Flaherty, Retail Shoe
<'lerkf>; George 8. Whiting, Piano snd Furni
ture Moverr; J. C. Sullivan, Dyeln? and Clean
ing Waeor. Drivers; A. Pfendler, Brewery
Workers; M:^ M. Dayton, Paper Box Workers;
Miss M. O'Hrien. Garment Workers; Mrs. L.
Walden. Laundrj- Workers.
forenoon and for the celebration at
the Chutes In the afternoon and evening.
HE Labor day committee of the
II Labor Council has finished its
I work of preparing for the monster
*^ parade to be held next Monday
B.F.Stoll, dentist; Haight & Masonic av.«
Circus Parade Tuesday.
Mayor Schmitz held a conference in his
office yesterday with John Ringling and
James J. Brady, representatives of the
Ringling Brothers' circus, regarding the
desire of the latter to have a street pa
rade next Monday. The Mayor explained
that the day would be devoted to an ex
hibition of labor's hosts and he thought
it would be graceful on the part of the
Ringling Brothers to forego their parade,
as it might interfere with that of the la
bor unions. Mr. Ringling accepted the
Mayor's views, although the doing away
with the parade means the loss of much
advantageous advertising to the propri
etors of the show.* Ringling stated that
the circus parade of Tuesday will more
than make up for the omission.
Dan Maloney, a slender young man,
with dreamy blue eyes and high forehead,
who experienced such a terrible fall about
two years ago, has returned to make an
other sensational parachute drop from his
monster balloon, hanging by his teeth,
leaving the Coney Island grounds at 4
o'clock sharp Sunday afternoon. Many
new attractions this week, including
vaudeville show, band concert, etc. •
And Laughs About It.
FELL 1500 FEET
There will be a band concert ait Golden
Gate Park on Admission day, Septem
ber 3.
The Commissioners decided that the
time had arrived for beginning the work
of improving Columbia square, bounded
by Folsom, Harrison, Sixth and Seventh
streets. A top dressing of soil, one foot
thick, will be required to bring the
square up to the level of the street. The
superintendent was authorized to adver
tise for 3000 cubic yards of loam. The
proposed Improvement will cost at least
$4000. :^Hnn
Commissioner Lloyd was authorized to
trade one of the bull buffaloes of the
Golden Gate Park herd for a bull of
equal worth belonging to the buffalo band
in the Yellowstone National Park. Major
Pitcher, U. S. A., who has charge of the
Yellowstone herd. Is known in the North
west as a bull trader of superior saga
city. On the Pacific Coast Reuben H.
Lloyd's attainments as a trader of buf
faloes are widely recognized. Time for
the beginning of negotiations between
Major^ Pitcher and Commissioner Lloyd
will soon be announced.
TO TRADE BUFFALO BULL.
The receipts of the Japanese tea garden
for the month of August amounted to
$651 10. The outlay was $330 65, leaving a
profit of $300 45.
Australian park managers offered by
letter to exchange red and black kanga
roos, kangaroo rats, possums, cranes,
black swans and mound-building blrd3
for birds and animals belonging to Golden'
Gate Park. The offer was not accepted,
as* the park on this peninsula is pretty
well supplied with such beasts and birds
as are offered.
During the month of August the re
ceipts of the children's playground
amounted to $3026 80. The expenses for
the same period aggregated 11792 20. The
net profit was $1234 60.
In. view of the large profit the advisa
bility of reducing charges for playground
diversions was considered. President
Spreckels favored the introduction of ad
ditional attractions for the children.
Commissioner Lloyd suggested that the
secretary be directed to prepare a state
ment of the receipts and expenses of the
children's quarters for the year ended
August 31. The suggestion was adopted.
After the figures are submitted the board
will determine whether It is better to
lessen the charges or increase the at
tractions.
Th* Board of Park Commissioners held
a session at the lodge In Golden Gate
Park yesterday afternoon, A. B. Spreck
els, president oi the commission, presid
ing. Commissioners Reuben H. Lloyd and
A. Altman were also present. Commis
sioners Frank J. Sullivan and M. Jasper
McDonald were reported out of town.
The report of Superintendent John Mc-
Laren for the month of August contained
a statement of the work accomplished
during the month with data relative to
improvements under' way. The number
of men at present employed on the sev
eral parks and squares is 295. The new
tennis court is ready for the coat of bi
tumen. Bids for paving the court were
opened yesterday. The contract was
awarded to Stanley J. Fay. the lowest
bidder. He proposes to put in the bi
tumen one inch thick .for 4 cents per
square foot. The Commissioners require
that the bitumen shall be cooked in the
park.
The Standard Oil Company's bid to sup
ply fuel oil at 82 cents a barrel was ac
cepted. \ .
The superintendent reported that Mrs.
Ohnimus and her son, who hold the boat
concession at Stow Lake; were using
eighteen skiffs and seven round, bottom
boats and that the charge to the public
was so reasonable that the profit was not
large. On motion of Commissioner Alt
man Mrs. Ohnimus was allowed to re
tain the concession at the figure of $25
per month.
PLAYGROUND GETS MONEY.
Improvement of Colum
bia Square Will Soon
Begin.
WORK PLANED
BY PARK BOARD
mediate Investigation of Bush's accusa
tions and he has repeatedly asked that
the matter be brought to trial. Costello
was Mrs. Reeves' attorney when the Su
perior Court ordered her reinstatement
into the School Department, from which
she was consolidated out some years ago.
Mrs. Reeves also secured judgment
against the city for some $3000 back sal
ary. Costello contends that Bush shows
ignorance of the English language when
he characterized an alleged untruth
as coming under the head of immoral
conduct.
Costello says that Bush is evidently de
sirous of getting rid of Mrs. Reeves.
Bush is now endeavoring to have Mrs.
Reeves put on half pay because only half
her time is occupied with the teaching of
history in the Polytechnic School. This
would mean a salary of $50 per month
for the teacher, and the Board of Edu
cation will take up this phase of the ques
tion at its meeting next Wednesday.
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; SEPTEMBER 5, 1903.
Members of Seven Score Bodies Will Tramp the City's
Streets to the Sound of Music and in Emphasis of the
Rights of Those Who Toil — Speeches at the Chutes
HOSTS OF UNION LABOR WILL MARCH
IN A MONSTER PARADE ON MONDAY
PROMINENT MEMBERS OF LOCAL, UNIONS WHO ARE TAKING A
VERY ACTIVE PART IN THE PREPARATIONS FOR THE BIG LA
BOR DAY CELEBRATION.
14
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' ¦
iTSic Most Extraordinary Sale of the Year I
[| I /[ OFFERINGS-Shirt Waists, Walking Skirts, Pique Skirts, Children's White Dresses, Hosiery, S
[ '^ Knit Underwear, Ribiions, Veilings, Lace Collars. Corsets, Neck Ruffs, Gloves, Handkerchiefs, Bags. %
j Shirtwaists. Walking Skirts. White Pique Skirts. 8
\> ' wmTO^A^WrX' I Made Tt MELTON I I Made of excellent qual-l *
>• «?L ITE l,P£££ GR0Li:ND> CLOTH, tailor stitched Ity of white PIQUE, Z
> Oi Or W w BL^ CI \ RINGS, ftft _. STRAPS, headed with AA — A gores trimmed with 1- Z
> \\ /h & heM -' fr 2 n £. 4 J? ea £ \< All fancy cloth, buttons OR- CO Ell INCH embroidery inser- •
) Wll£v but , to " s v co , rded , '5, black, Odl^rU NAMENT SKIRT, giving tj/lUU tion. 3 front gores elab- •
tucked back. TAB COL- w w a . PANEL EFFECT; 7 **•"¦"** orately trimmed in inser- •
r A J?- Tr^ TKST STYLE ROWS of tailor STITCH- tion, giving it a panel ef- •
' | SLEEVES. ING at BOTTOM. feet. f 6
t * Summer Dresses for Children at Greatly Reduced Prices, for a Prompt and Effective Clearance. •
> Children's cambric dress, Children's India linen Children's India linen •
\ CM a J' oke of hemstitched tucks "7p . , ... t\i i\e\ DRESSES, circular yoke •
nllR and Val. lace INSERTION, 7RP' dres3> square yoke of tlny ¦ VI -fill rormed of clustered •
! UUU ruffle of embroidery around ' *\i tucks, deep ruffle of em- OIlUU 1^ %
> yol{e - '< • . broidery around YOKE. , embroidery around yoke. q
J Hosiery Bargains. High-Grade Knit Underwear, ; Corset Special. S
| 500 DOZEN ladies' lace Ladles' SWISS ribbed ' . W. B. CORSET, extend- 0
On HOSE, fast black HERMS- "7 P VEST, imported lisle and A| pA ed or medium HIP, dou- O
OL DORF DYE- reeular nrlce I i\P. wool mixed, half SLEEVES. \\ hi I ble side STEELS, double Q
¦ t |UU r regular price, | «J U CROCHETED TOPS; regu- OIlWU back bone; black or drab; Z
> I '" c - • lar price, $1.25. regular price, 52.00. 0
j Beautiful Assortment of Kayser Gloves, Liberty Sllk Neck Ruffs. Veiling Bargains. . S
( 1000 pairs of Kayser $|.45 ~" 7", ~~~ ~| • ' : T~~l 5
> ¦¦«« 2^f >VES a on S I >ECIA . I u *nnn A full assortment of neck . Just received, anew lot of ®
! RQP Pa^n E tnn° g t a T : iPnirrIn\V J^S ' fv^ASE^oiSSJSS ARp ' chiffon DRAPE VEILS. 1^ %
UUb ed not to wear, out at the $2.75 COLLAR, ° l?ng PLAITeB H"3b' yards long; LEADING COL- %
) linger ENDS; colors, black * Q _ n ENDS.- ORS. 9
\ | and white. • . QO.uU - • ' K"; : '. : • a
| Ribbons for Women Are Revelations. Exceptional Offerings in Handkerchiefs. Advance Novelties In Bags. %
S <C« ple^?T,?^f ATI , N T^ F " ¦ I ft 50 DOZ. linen handker- . $1.00 '^Automobile or CAR- ©
ISC wFd^pgJ.!,^ C 4 O^i1 OC ¦'8&&8&Z2&S- ¦ UP-tO BXAGE BAGS,..^ Of O
( regular value, 25c • **" ular^»rice, 25c. S6 00 morocco> seal and walrus. •
! LACE COLLARS AND STOLES §
1 t, t rT^ PRONO V NC^ D A e « ature for FALL - and WINTER. Exquisite ROUND COLLARS and STOLES-the NEW A
> SHAPES— come in a fetching variety of SHADES-^ECRU,' BUTTER and WHITE. •
1 gl-T5 , for our S2.5O VALUE. »2..%O for our'$3.50 VALUE. SIJ.45 for our $4.50 value. Q
) $2.^5 for our $3.00 value. #2.1W for our $4.00 .VALUE. - $4.OO for our J5.0O value. §
! LABOR^Y"a d n W fDMf S S S?ON dS MARKS BROS. TRADING STAMP GIVEN WITH g
, CLOSED BOTH DAYS. . .1220-22-24 Market St.. Bet T.ylor and Jones . . EVERY PURCHASE. g
Of5©©©OOC©OO©&6)S5©Cd©©©OC©©OS©©©@©®O©©©©O®O©OOO©«©©»0O«OOO0OOOOOO«©eO@
• HATYE'S. | BALE'S. J —
t Stockings on Sale To=Day
— Women's at I2^c.
¦ —Fancy lace ones 35c — regular price 50c.
— Boys' school stockings isc — value 20c.
Three remarkable offers that come from watching the *ew
York market every day and having a big enough outlet, through
these six stores, to swing any proposition.
Women's at iS^I Fancy Lace Stockings.
Are extra heavy, fine gauge, seam- < bro J^ e f^ckinf^fn fine lace
less stockings. In black, three styles— S^fS^t cat'erai as well as black
black with white feet black with pur- I ale. zig™8 sllk embroidered
pie ribbed elastic tops, all black Usl© /*«" thA ankles* every size, too,
ones. Soles, heels and toes are ¦tltchineT on the anKies, every »«e. i
doubled; every size, 8% to 10. 8% to 10.
Boys' School Stockings at 15c.
Such as usually sell at 20c. It's a stocking for rough-and-tumble Jg«J*
¦---¦ Splendid value even at 20c. They all go to-day at 715c; \*^™ "*i D '°:
extra long and elastic, only four sizes-but they're the sizes that most boys
Lace Collars and Pellerines of wear— 6V2, 7V2, 8J4, 9 l A. That's why we got such a bargain, tirst time to-
Point Venise in the pretty stole ef- day > *5c : '
fects. As low as $1.75, $2.50. $2.75, Walking Skirts To-Day in Ready - to - Wears.
$350 and as high as $6.00 and $9.00. The Hale Styles are ready to- Just as unusual an
. J offer as the one yesterday.
"Grisaille" i s a new creation in day, and not as expensive as you _
pellerines made of black and white would think. i, *T ; -S^^r-^^'v : r?^
silk braid appliqued with taffeta, with $2.95, kilted and gored. i:<;: ==^^f-^ =^^o^--'^V^^^
long stole ends. $9.00. $3-95* mannish materials. >^^ i'i»25£ W &C
¦SS-oo, a striking zibeline. >S^^^^/v^6^v'/
Spangled Pellerines with a ruffle $5.00 and $7.00, cheviots. £^^-^
of accordeon pleating edged with rib- That's the good news. 3 — y *-
hnn stn1#> <»nrl«; «7 en And it could not come at a bet- ¦£a£^ ""/ "*"
bon. stole ends. $7.50. ter time _ just before a hoHday wh en
Benaissance Lace Stocks with tabs women are thinking of a walking
are only 25c. Then there are hosts JsIos-au-wooi goit material, m «*ven A^JP^K^'
of orettv ton collars of hand madr scores, kilt, each seam stitched twice as /
01 preii} top couars 01 nana maae weI] « M slx of Bt , tchlns at the bot- I,
renaissance lace in point and tab ef- . *<i™ : Slacks and blues. /
* #3.J>."» — All-wool mixed materials, mannish J - . , g\s~
fectS. 25c, 5OC, OOC and 75c. effects, seven sores, kilt, plenty of tailor- US yOC
IW V StorV, • ? tt f 1,'ff mld h ;uh ba ro d buaonr' nt * * . trltn - Hats we could not sell If we had
Fancy Stocks , n taffetas, chiffons fs m $J?^ u o n e b "SuW trimmed with full stocks of them under $3 apiece
and faetrot Stitchine trimmed with stitched bands of the same material around But we ve only samples. Tne unusual
aim iaggoi siucmng, inmmea wun hJ^ bottom, seven cores; blue feature is to tlnd samples so early In.
silk medallions, silk braid or pend- and sray. the season. This Is a sort of a
„ c , • . u $5.00— Cheviot ones, have seven gores. maker's "thank you" for the regular
ants. borne Ot tnem Witn smaJl flare, trimmed with folds of th« same ma- business we've given him. ?
t- 1 1 c j • j terlal at the hips and over the flounce. In Thpv're in lieht color* white, eray.
French knots. Some dressy ideas. addition there are stitched straps and Bilk ca stor with plenty of blacks too
50C, $1, $1.25; $1.50, $2, $2.50. ?7.5O°"nes are .n cheviot, habit back,. They're "rt*™.^**™™^^
„„,,„_,, seams are covered with 1%-ln. straps. y°« ¦•• by this picture. Just right for
The Cardinal Scarfs that go around each strap piped with black sateen; blues immediate wear.
the shoulders and fail in front in stole ""swIss Dresser Sets Pretty Veilings
effects ,, another clever idea this sea- g£ are sQme chjffon$
son.. They're all silk embroidered chif- 20 ° 01 tnem £° on saie t(Mia y chenille, velvet and embroidered dots,
fon and Point Venise lace. 83c and a^ 29c. white and black, and malines, nets,
« r c O . But see them. They're lined and in gray mixed Tuxedos and fancy
good colors, finished all around with meshes in Tuxedos and hair line
fluted ruffles. The doilies match and effects.
3 PopCOm CrispS are in full regular size. The 50c ones include fancy meshes,
I f\ . They may last all day— they may spider weaves. Teneriffe designs, plain
*"C • no t " d nd dotted, black, also eray mix-
_, ' ,, . . rrrrf //5W* £*PWf tures of Tuxedos, hair lines
. Those large rolls that usual- igl JE&f^M*wf MS* and maline* with embroid-
lv sell for "c will tro to-day 1 >!§«»3*«2^mKIv' AsSf m '^i>:^v^^COTOl p red ami chenille dots and
vors from which you may se- M M 1^ par-
lect. if - iatf7 y^tr^ {mQG&H***^^ arul clusters on black meshes. .
ADVESTISEMSirrS.
Lundstrom
Hats
are worn by more people In
San Francisco to-day than
those of any other firm.
Most people appreciate a
good article — we have that
good article In the Hat line.
They're home made and. Union
made. too. They're not high
priced hats nor "cheap" hats;
they're good, honest, depend-
able, stylish hats and full
value for
$2.50 and $3.50
Be one of the people who
wear Lundstrom Hats.
Pacific Coast
Hat Works,
The Only Hat Factory In
Frisco.
J458 Market Street,
Opp. Central Theater.
And 605 Kearny Street. |
gg *x\ W bSS^ %Ma A
SOHBMIXN
"Kins of oD Bottled Beers.** V
Brewed from Bohemian HQS*»
SOLD.eVEaVWHEBB.
HILBEKT MERCANTILE CO..
Pacific Coast Agents.
For Stomach Disorders
Cout and Dysoepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
.A. VIGNIEB CO., San Francisco.
EVERY WOMAN
j _ c^-~~ « interested and should know
j^^V about the wonderful
4§^S*\\^V UADVCI WHIRLING
x»^\\W\vi\ InflnitL spray
fJtBai\;\ ilA i he new Varln*l Syrlnreu
IrtfA VSi \ W m! ' \M1 Injection and Sue tun.
\\V*^:»i'S?vSil ¦ Best-Safest-Most Con.
venient. ItClsansei
IaitaaUy.
A«k yemr dm {{lit for H. \v., /C^- <^>^**
If h<? cannot supply the \wV'''. ; V<5
51 ARVKL, »ccept no " " ;¦ CC<^v_ •
other, but send stamp for Illu*. g '*"<siH'vlS
tnted hook— skilled. ItrtvMftin \'/, M '''/M %
particulars and dircti<>n« Mraluablo *-\ / 'm
to ladle- MlltVKI, CO.. C "4W^Vvy*J»
Boom 208. Tim— Bgg- N«w York. *>-<iiSr
1 D a H! b§3 m 31 aral
r«| Jh Gfja f ¦"'•»¦ 5 151 *™™\l Ja ** JS1
CUTLERJf
Weak Men and Women
O HOULD USK DAJHAXA BITTERS. THrf
v Great Mexican Remedy: Blvea health an*
•trenc ta to aexual organs. Depot, 323 AUrfc*u