PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1903.
Continued on Page 2, Columns 2 and 3,
Continued on Page 2,; Column' 2.*
Continued on Pace 2, Column 1.
BLOOMINGTON. 111., Dec 18.— W. C.
Hodge, one of the organizers of the
Republican party and a member/of the
first Republican convention in Califor
nia, died to-night, aged 78 years.
Death Claims Old Republican.
The Tribuna S oes on to relate tnat
just about the time this scene was be
ing enacted in the papal apartments an
electrician, while removing the hang
ings in the late Pope Leo's chamber in
order to get at the electric light wires,
found in a' hole in the wall several bags
which were carelessly tied. These bags
when opened were found to contain 9,
250,000 francs (51.850,000). "
PARIS, Dec. 18.— The Rome corre
spondent of the Figaro says that Car
dinal Gotti, Prefect of the Propaganda,
and one of the executors of the will -of
Leo XIII, was received by the Pope yes
terday and informed his Holiness that
he held a; large sum of money confided
to him by. the late Pope" withUhe mis
sion that he should hand it to the new
Pontiff four . months after .] his election.
The alleged reason for . Pope Leo's
course is that he. wished his successor
to learn how, difficult.it -would "be; to
rule the church ¦ 1 without ; money, there-*
by impressing .upon' him' ¦ the; necessity,
for economy." The ; sum" left by Pope
Leo is said to "amount to ' $7,000,000.
four months had elapsed. This I now
do in the presence of Monsignor Marzo
llni, who has been the only other per-'
son to share the 'secret."
TJie Pope was much affected.
Intense curiosity was aroused by this
act, as it was believed to have some
relation to the missing wealth and the
wildest rumors were circulated. It soon
became known, however, that the bag
contained 45.000,000 francs (59,000,000) in
bank notes. When Cardinal Gotti en
tered the presence of the Pope he sank
to his knees and, pointing to his bur
den, said: ,
"Your Holiness, the lamented Leo,
just before his death, confided to me the
money which I . now. lay at your . feet,
saying that if I succeeded him I was to
use It as* I thought best, but that if an
other took his place I was to turn the
money over to him after a period of
BUNDLE^ OF BANKNOTES.
Cardinal Gottl, Prefect of the Propa
ganda, accompanied by Mgr. Marzo
llni, one of the late Pope's secretaries,
drove up to the Vatican to-day and,
getting out hurriedly, began tugging
at a heavy object in the carriage. As
sistance was offered, but it was re
fused, and Cardinal Gottl and Mgr.
Marzollni between them carried Jhe
mysterious object to the apartment of
Pope Piu3. They were immediately ad
mitted'and remained ror two hours.
ROME, Dec. 18.— According to the
Tribuna. the Vatican had sudMen
wealth poured Into its coffers to-day.
For some time certain sums which
were known to be possessed by Pope
Leo were looked for without result, the
search toward the end becoming some
what feverish.
The Del Norte left this city on De
cember 16 for Crescent City in charge
of Captain C. Green. Her net tonnage
is 2S0. She is owned by H6bbs, Wall
& Co. of this city.
The steam schoor.er Del Norte ran
down and sank the schooner Mary
Buhne yesterday eight miles off the
Humboldt Bar. None of the cVew of
the schooner were drowned, but one cf
the sailors of the Del Xorte lost his
life:
But meager reports of the accident
have been received. All the Informa
tion that has reached this city came
late yesterday afternoon to .the Mer
chants' Exchange. The Del Norte res
cued the crew of the ill-fated schooner
and proceeded to her destination. Cres
cent City, where she reported the
wreck. The name of the sailor who
was drowned Is r.ot known.
The Mary Buhne left San Francisco
on December 11 for Eureka, in charge
of Captain Dannebig. She was owned
by Charles Nelson & Co. and is well
known by shipping men along the
coast. The vessel was built in Eureka
In 1S76 and her net register was 133
tons. She was 102 feet long, 29 feet 5
Inches breadth and 7 feet 5 inches deep.
Steamer Sends Ves
sel to Bottom in
Collision,
Riches of Pope Leo
Given Into Care
of Pius.
PONTIFF'S
MILLIONS
UNEARTHED
DEL NORTE
SINKS THE
MARY BUHNE
COUNTY CLERK AND ONE OF HIS CLERKS. WHO, WITH TWO OTHER
EMPLOYES IN' HIS OFFICE. WILL BE INDICTED BY THE GRAND
JURY AT ITS NEXT MEETING. .
hony owed sums of money and paid
with salary warrants, the latter's name
going down In the book as a regular
employe, although he never did any
work In the office. In all Davidson re
ceived 5700 In warrants from the Coun
ty Clerk.
Davidson admitted that he did not
earn this money in the office. He was
Mahony's milkman and the County
Clerk owed him a large bill. He was
put on the salary list at the office and
given a position at 5100 a month, al
though he never worked in the office.
Davidson testified that he was lg
r.orant of the fact that he was required
to work in the office In order to become
a bona fide clerk. He testified that he
did a little work on the books of the
office, but that he performed it all at
his residence, and not at the office, as
is required by law of all city employes.
Davidson further admitted that the
work he performed was not at all val- j
uabie to the city. He stated that it
could easily be accomplished by an or
dinary clerk in three weeks at the
mcEt, although he was kept on the
salary list for a period of seven months
and received salary warrants for 5700
from Mahor.y. which were cashed by
Broker Reg?nsburger.
Alonzo Davidson Jr. corroborated the
statements made by his father in the
matter of the work performed for the
County Clerk.- The son stated that he
br'mself had done several pages of
copying: for his father at his home and
that the father never worked in the of
fice of the County Clerk.
The next witness called was Alonzo
Davidson, the milkman, to whom Ma-
John J. Cassidy was asked to appear
before the jury yesterday afternoon,
but he did not materialize. He was
telephoned for several times, but he an
swered that it was impossible for him
to appear. He was then requested to
be present next Wednesday afternoon
at the next meeting of the jury, and
then In all probability he will share the
fate of the other four.
Frank French was the first witness
called. He was closeted with the jury
for an hour and during that time gave
some damaging evidence ajrainst the
County Clerk. He testified that he
knew the Inside workings of the of
fice and was in a position to tell many
things, and he did this readily and
Tsithout hesitation.
According to French's story Mahony
began to levy assessments on the em
ployes of his office when he first as
eumed charge there. For a starter the
County Clerk made a raise of $2000
from among his men. French swore to
this, and also that he himself collected
JSOO from various employes of the of
fice and turned this sum over to the
County Clerk in person.
It was also learned that Mahony bor
rowed money from John J. Cassidy of
the United Railroads. He made these
-touches" frequently, and in return
gave Cassidy Balary warrants, which
•were cashed by Broker Regensburger.
For this* Cassidy will have to appear
before the Grand Jury and explain.
DREW GOOD SALARY.
County Clerk Albert B. Mahony and
three employes of his office— "Colonel"
Martin Brady. John Pierce and Alonzo
Davidson— will be indicted by the
Grand Jury. This determination was
reached by that body after a two
hours' session yesterday afternoon. The
charges against the four men are de
frauding the city and securing salary
warrants by fraud and device.
The decision of the Grand Jury will
come as a mild surprise to Mahony and
his followers. Although it was feared
by all of them that the jury might
decide to indict them, rone of those
that thought they were "on the inside"
had the faintest suspicion that the jury
would take such severe action during
the very first day of the healing.
According to the present indications,
these four men arc not the only ones
that may have to answer to serious
charges. John J. Cassidy of the United
Railroads will be asked to appear be
fore the jury on next Wednesday aft
ernoon and he may be indicted also on
the same charges the others must face.
Three witnesses were examined yes
terday afternoon, and the evidence
{riven by one, Frank French, formerly
chief deputy in ilahony's office, was
deemed sufficient by the jury upon
•which to issue an indictment at some
later date. Alonzo Davidson and his
son, Alonzo Davidson Jr.. were the
other two to apr»car as witnesses, and
they also made startling admissions.
CASSIDY IX DANGER.
French Makes
Some Startling
Admissions.
Brady, Pierce and
Davidson Must
Answer.
GRAND JURY WILL INDICT
MAHONY ON FELONY CHARGE
GIRLS LEAP
FROM FIRE
TO DEATH
Terrible Catastrophe
; at College for
Women.
Negro Students Caught in
a Blazing Building
at Night.
Four Bodies HaveBesn Recovered and
at Least Fifteen Persons Are
Fatally Injured;
WASHINGTON, Dec. IS.— The relationship of the United States to the
new republic of Panama continued the leading theme In the Senate to-day,
but the discussion was confined to ontr'Senator and was not so excitJnjr su
that of yesterday. \.
IN THE SENATE ATTACKS ';
GOVERNMENT: FOR PANAMA POLICY
GALVESTON. Tex.. Dec. 13.— The Fort Worth (Texas) Record this
morning, prints a special cable from Havana, Cuba, In which it. is stated
that a Colombian plot -has been unearthed there and that an *moloye In
the War Department of tho island has connived with other Colombian syna
' . pathizers and looted the arsenal of the city of Havana.
More than half of the contents have been moved to islands adjacent to
Arato River, near the boundary line of Colombia and Panama, conveniently
accessible to whatever point the conspirators may wish to remove the arms.
Thls'was taken on vessels secured from the . semi-plratlcal Haytien and
• 'Jamaican craft. Now that it has been discovered that the arsenal was
robbed it may be that further plans for the removal of the remainder of
the war implements will be defeated.
; The cable also says that an expedition of Cuban sympathizers with
has gone to the Isle of Pines as a rendezvous, prepared to sail
¦' at a moment's notice to assist In whatever marching order3 the Colombians
-may give: *
CONSPIRING FRIENDS OF COLOMBIA
LOOT HAVANA GOVERNMENT ARSENAL
PARIS, ' Dec. 18.-The "United Colombian Committee"
" here gave out a statement to-day. saying that Colombia would
first seek through a commission to induce the United States
to recognize Colombia's rights under the treaty of 184»6; sec
ond, if the commission fails, Colombia will ask for the sub
mission of the question to The Hague arbitration court;
third, if its submission to The Hague court is refused, Colom
bia will go to war and rely on the Latin' republics to come to
her aid.
The formal organization of the "United Colombian Com
mittee" was announced from Paris Wednesday. It was re
ported to have a membership of Colombians throughout Eu
rope, and its purpose was said to be to infoym the European
public of Colombia's rights in the Panama affair.
Representatives of the Central American Republic
Announce in Paris the Plan for Action.
STATESMEN IN THE UPPER HOUSE OF CONGRESS WHO ARE TAK
ING A CONSPICUOUS PART IN DEBATES REGARDING ADMIN
ISTRATION'S ATTITUDE TOWARD COLOMBIA AND PANAMA.
OFFICIALS
ACCUSE HIM
OF BRIBERY
Interior Department
Arrests John A.
Benson;
NASHVILLE, Tenn., Dec 18.— Four
persons are known to have bpen killed
and perhaps thirty others injured, fif
teen of them fatally, in a fire here to
night which consumed the Central Ten
nessee College for Young;Negro Women,
a department of Waldcrn University.
It is possible that the ruins may con
tain the bodies of other.; victims. The
property loss is estimated at $25,000.
The known dead are: , .k. '.
STELLA ADDISON./Port
.Miss -v*-v i .... <~**.;.. - -ov ¦¦: ¦ '<'¦
MATTIE MOKRE./Hvmtsville, Ala.
SALLIE DADE, Hopkinsville.Ky.
NANNIE JOHNSON, Hattiesburg,
Miss.
Among the fatally hurt are:
ANNA HAM. Birmingham, Ala.
ELLEN VAUGHN/ Columbus, Ky.
BLANCHE BURR, Chicago.
JANIE DOUGLASS, Huntsville, Ala.
BESSIE ELLI VER; Tuscaloosa, Ala.
FRANK C. WALKER, Huntsville. J
LULU CAVOTTE, Macon, Miss.
One student, name unknown. •
The severelv injured are: Eleanor
Moore (white), preceptress, Chicago;
Lucy Knox, Greenville, Miss.; Minnie
Alston, Ccvington, Ky. ; Bertha Mon
ford, Chicago; Lulu Terry, McKinns
ville, Tenn.; Lulu Miller, Covington,
Ky.; Ernestine C. McCleary, Fernan
dina. Fla.; Leona Miller, St. Louis;
Nannie Harris, Clarksdale, Minn.; Min
nie Booze. Marysville, Ily.
The fire broke out about 11 .o'clock
in the top of the building, which was
four stories high and without fire
escapes. It was occupied by about
sixty students, who were asleep when
the alarm was given. The wildest
panic ensued, women and girls rushing
screaming to the windows, from which
they jumped In droves, tho dead and
injured lying in heaps where they fell,
to-be JV.llen upon by those following
them from the flaming windows.
Every ambulance in the city was
soon on the scene and the injured were
hurried to hospitals. When the flames
weie first discovered they seemed to
entirely envelope . the building and It
is considered almost certain that some
of the terrorized occupants were over
come by smoke before reaching the
.windows.
VANCOUVER. B. C Dec. 18. — The
long trip of the Canadian Paciflc-Lynn
Canal liner Amur from Skagway is
causing a great deal of speculation
along the water front. The Amur has
been out from the Lynn Canal port
since Saturday and was due here
Wednesday noon. The only feasible
explanation . seems to be that she has
encountered rough weather in the
north and been forced to lie up in
shelter.
Steamer Amur Is Long Overdue.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 18.— John A.
Benson, a wealthy San Francisco real
estate operator, charged by the Interior
Department with being the head~t»f the
alleged land frauds " extending over a
dozen Western States and Territories,
to which Secretary Hitchcock referred
vigorously and at length in .his annual
report, was arrested here to-day at the
Willard Hotel by Secret Service Officer
Burns just as Benson Was. preparing to
leave the city for New York.
The charge on which the arrest was
made was bribery," it -being alleged in
the affidavit of Burns and in the war
rant that Benson had j paid 5500 to
Woodford D. Harlan, formerly chief of
the special service' division of the-Gen
eral Land Office and now a- clerk in
that office, on March 15 of this year
for the purpose of extracting from him
information regarding the investiga
tion of his operations at that time be
ing made by United States Commis
sioner Anson . S. .-Taylor. c ,.
As soon as Benson had been , appre
hended by Burns he was , taken before
Commissioner Taylor. .He wished to
have a preliminary hearing of his. case
postponed, and the date for- such hear
ing was flxed at Wednesday, December.
SO. He gave bail for his appearance on
that date, when the. Government attor
neyswill ask ; to have him held for the
Grand Jury.
ARRESTS WILL FOLLOW. 7
' The statement was made by an officer
of the Government to-night that; the
information obtained' regarding the al-"
leg^d -. conspiracy; implicates aV number
of persons at: present; employed in I the
Interior Department; at Washington
and elsewherci Numerous . arrests . are
expected •* to follow that of Benson ,in
short Vorder,^ and. some '.employes,
who may not be arrested Twill be; dis
missed from the service. -• It is said that 1
Secretary Hitchcockand the special at-*
torneys '. in the case r have . considered it
absolutely necessary;- to." the; successful!
working of the .case that no : action be"
taken with reference to any of the oth'-'
T Y } ASHIKGTON, Dec. 18.— It became plainly apparent to-day that the administration believes the situation on the isthmus is rapidly approaching an acute stage. An important dispatch
IjL/ which was received from Rear Admiral Coghlan this morning zvas sent to the State Department and brought about an immediate conference between Secretary Root and Acting Sccrc
ary Loomis, at which the sending of troops to the isthmus was discussed. Isthmian affairs were discussed long and earnestly at the Cabinet meeting. It was stated that a battalion of marines
to be assembled at League Island 'will be the last that zcill be sent to the isthmus, the' inference being, that troops will be sent if it is concluded that the American force there needs further strengthening.
COLOMBIA MAKES BOLD DECLARATION OF PROSPECT OF WAR
ENEMIES OF PANAMA LOOT ARMS FROM ARSENAL OF HAVANA
VOLUME XCV— NO. 19.
THE VEATgga.^.Tl'
Forecast aiafie at San Fran
cisco for thirty hours *r,<m-ng
mlonlffht, December 19:
San rrancUco and vicinity
Cloufiy. unsettled weather * Sat
urday, with showers; brisk to
hljrh southeast winds.
A. O. McADZS,
District Forecaster.
THE THEATESS.
Alcazar— "The CMrl I'Xieft" b£*
hind Me." Matinee To-Day.
California — "Foxy Grandpa."
SSattnee To-Day.
Central — "Tee Scout's Bcvensre."
Katkiee To-Day.
Columbia — "Dolly Vardea." Mat
inee To-Day.
JTiscaer's — "X. O. XT." Matinee
To-Day.
Grand — "The Bonnlo Brier
Basil." Mr.tlnec To-Day.
Crpheun — Vaudeville Matinee
To-Day. \ •
Tae Ctutea — Vaudeville.
The San Francisco CallConvicts 3Iay Do Road Work.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 18. — At the
next meeting of the fetate Board of
Prison Directors, to be held at Fol
som, the request voiced at a public
meeting of the citizens of Folsom that
the convicts be put to work on the
county roads will be considered. War
den Yell said to-day that he could not
act without authorisation by the
Board of Prison Directors,, which
would have to employ extra guards
for the purpose. It is said that the
labor unions may protest against the
utilization of convict labor on the pub
lic roads.
The battleship Emperor Nicholas
having on board Admiral Mollas, whe
commands the Russian naval forces ir
the Mediterranean, will arrive" al
Piraeus, Greece, December 23.
LONDON, Dec. 18.— A special dis
patch from St. Petersburg says: "Op
timistic anticipations of a pacific solu
tion of the Russo-Japanese crisis arc
still entertained in the leading Russian
official circles in spite of some dis
quietude on the part of the public and
alarmist press reports."
Russo-Japanese war risks at Lloyds'
rose about 5 per cent to-day, 20 guineas
per cent being quoted to the end oi
January and 25 to the end of February.
Ordinary insurance on. a cargo to
Japan rose about 5 per cent, with a fair
amount of business.
Japanese bonds declined on the Stock
Exchange from % to 1 point, but rallied
and closed unchanged.
The opinion here Is that the Rueso-
Japanese negotiations will proceed. II
is pointed out that there is no reasor
why Japan, if not satisfied with Rus
sia's reply, should break off the nego
tiations, since the reply Is in no sens*
an " ultimatum, leaving the way opcr
for counter proposals. It is suggestec
as an expedient, in case no agreemen!
can be reached, that an arrangemen 1
might be made to maintain the presem
status for a number of years.
" BIZERTA, Tunis, Dec. 18.— The Rus
sian naval forces now anchored here
consisting of a battleship, the armorec
cruiser Dmltridonskol, ,the battleship
Oslabya, the cruiser Aurura and five
torpedo boats, commanded by Admiral
Wirenius, will be re-enforced in a few
days by six torpedo boats and proceed
hence to the Far East.
LONDON, Dec. 18.— London regards
war in the Far East as practically in
evitable. What form Japan's reply to
the long delayed Russian rote has
taken is not known outside of the For
eign Office, to which it was communi
cated yesterday, but It is believed that
¦while an opening is left for further
negotiations Russian proposals are re
jected as inacceptable. It Is stated
that the first draft of the Japanese
reply was couched in terms like those
of an ultimatum, but that through
Lord Xiansdowne's influence a more
conciliatory tone was adopted. Nobody
here believes that either side will abate
a jot or tittle of iffc claims and the only
questions now asked are for how long
hostilities can be postponed and which
power will g_et in the first Blow. A re
port was telegraphed from London to
a provincial paper that war had ac
tually broken out and that the Japan
ese Minister was deluged with inquiries.
Viscount Hayassi's tone was op
timistic than usual, though he ex
pressed confidence that negotiations
would be continued.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 18. — A
traveler who has just returned from
Manchuria says Russian troops are
still moving night and day toward
Port Arthur.
Special rWareteh to The CalL
St. Petersburg Hopes. That Ne
gotiations May Proceed, but
All the Time the Government
Is Preparing for Hostilities
Lying under the stomach was found
the ascending and descending colon,
with the appendix attached to ita usual
place on the /lower end of th£ colon,
and also In the thoracic cavity. Ths
heart was located an the lower right
side of the thoracic cavity, extending
parallel and next to the spinal column,
between the second and fifth ribs. The
right lung was not of normal size.
There is no question that the ana
tomical malformajtlan of the differ
ent organs had existed from infancy.
The young man had never been ill. and
this is the reason hfs peculiar condition
had never been discovered. The case la
believed to be one of the most remark
able in the history of surgery-
EROOKIXGS. S. D.. Dec. IS.—Sur
prising results have developed at a post
mortem examination on the body of
William Allison, 21 years of age, who
died after ten days' illness apparently
from inflammation of the stomach- Th«
young man had said he had been poi
soned, and to satisfy the family a. post
mortem examination was held.
The surgeons fonnd a most peculiar
displacement of the internal organs.
The operators found an opening
through the diaphragm and a dilated
stomach, nearly three times 'normal
size, completely filling the left side ot
the thoracic cavity, taking the place
of the left lung. There u-as no left
lung, only a amall rudimentary Iunff
about one Inch thick ami three Inches
square.
TROOPS ARE BEING
HURRIED TO FRONTIERS
Statement About Poisoning
Leads to the Discovery of a
Curiously Constructed Youth
England Views the Situation
as Serions and the Belief Is
Freely Expressed That Russia
and Japan 3Inst Soon Clash
MANY ORGANS MISPLACED
An Extraordinary Anatomical
3Ialfonnation Revealed After
a Death in Sooth Dakota
WAR CLOUD
O'ERHANGS
FAR EAST
CASE AMAZES
THE SURGEONS
New York Representative to Resign.
NEW YORK, Dec. 18.—Represen
tative Ira" E. Rider (Democrat) of the
Sixteenth" District will -resign In a few
days because of ill-health. ' .
DAYTON, Ohio, Dec. 18. — To escape
death by suffocation twelve • girls
leaped from the fifth-story windows
of the Canby building to-day, several
of them landing on the roof and sky
lights of a one-story building adjoin
ing. The others were caught by Dr.
Lambert, who, by breaking the force
of their fall, saved probably six lives.
The flames originated in the basement
of, the building and the dense smoke
went up the elevator shaft, quickly
filling up the upper floors. Of the in
jured two will die. The others .were
seriously hurt. The property; loss was
Twelve Girls Imprisoned in a Burning
Building Alight on Roof of
One-Story Structure.
FLOOR TO ESCAPE
Just received, latest Parisian novelties, Xmas
glove orders. Danlcheff. 121 drant ave. •
Prettyvpapeteries in beautiful boxes,
envelopes and pap«?r tied with silk rib
bons. Useful for Christmas. Sanborn,
Vail & Co. •
r » j
Confesses to Killing of Ix)uis.
RIVERSIDE, Dec. 18.— Jose Maria
Mariu to-day confessed to the killing
of Anscll Louis on Thanksgiving day
at Cabazon. nine miles east of Ban
ning. The Sheriff believes that Mariu
had an accomplice in the crime and is
endeavoring to induce him to divulge
the name of his supposed confederates.
WASHINGTON. D«\ Its.— Theodore Jr. and
Kf-rmit Itooscvtlt arrived here to-day from
thPlr Rrhool at Groton. ASass. They will *pen4
ihoir vacation at the White Houee. Miss
Hcostvelt. r.-ho is visiting in New York, will
return for CfcristmaF.
ST. PAUL, Dec. 18. — Mrs. Geneva
Flaherty of Duluth, while on. her way
to Mauston, Wls,, her;brother's home,
died on a Northern Pacific train to-day
as it was entering this city. The Cor
oner's verdict was that death was due
to starvation and exposure. Mrs.
Flaherty was accompanied by her four
children, whose ages ¦ ranged from 15
months to 10 years. Her husband is
in jail at Duluth on a charge of non
support and it was while struggling
against ill-health and poverty to pro
vide food for her children that she
starved herself.
Woman Whose Husband Is in Jail
, Dies on a Northern Pacific Train
Near St. Paul.
STARVED HERSELF FOR /
Y SAKE \ OF CHILDREN
WASHINGTON. Deo. 18. — The
House to-day by resolution authorized
th« Committee on Expenditures in the
Post office Department to request the
Postmaster General to furnish to that
committee the papers in connection
•with the recent pojtofllce investiga
tion, but not until after a lively debate.
The resolution met opposition on the
Republican s!de. Representative Over
street < Republican) of Indiana, chair
man of the Committee on Postoffices
and Pomroads, contended that the in
formation sought had been received
from . the Postoffice Department and
mailed to members.
Rrsolnlion Requesting Department to
Supply House of Representatives
With Papers Adopted.
WTLIj REVIEW STORY
OF POSTOFFICE SCAXDAL
Failures this week number 329 In the
United- States, against 267 last year,
and in Canada 20, compared with 16a
year ago. „ .,'
NEW YORK, Dec 18.— Bradstreet's
to-morrow will 'say: '•.* - . V?
Holiday and retail business generally
Is seasonably active, wholesale and job
bing: trade correspondingly quiet, while
manufacturing Industry slackens for
the above reasons, but also because of
low.. water in streams or efforts to read-
Just . c-perations to changed conditions
of demand and supply. Cold weather,
is still an important stimulus to heavy
wearing apparel and footwear.
There are several continuously en-
couraging features noted. The car con
gestion of a year ago is- conspicuously
absent this year, and the railways are
handling the current excellent business
offering with profitable results. Fail
ures do not display more than the nor
mal tendency to increase in number
and there is evidently less tension than
exhibited a month ago.
The iron trade retains all the good
feeling that advances on prices of pig
iron reported in preceding weeks and
makers of finished products, most no
tably steel plates and structural forms,
are apparently firm in their views.
Prices, all things considered, showed
marked steadiness, confirming reports
of closely held supplies. The metals are
all strong and some grades of foundry
pig iron, tin and lead are higher on
better volume of business. Seasonable
quiet does not appreciably affect build
ing material, which, judging from per
mits issued at leading cities, is likely to
be active next spring. Petroleum - is
at the hishest price in years, due to
increased demand for fuel and strait
ened conditic-n of old fields of supply.
Wheat, including flour, exports for
the week ending December 17 aggre
gate 3,363,035 bushels, against 4,599.530
last week and 3,256,037 this week last
year.
Business failures in the United States
for the week ending December 17 num
ber 239, against 211 lust week and 225
in the like week in 1902.
In Canada failures for the week num
ber 22, against 7 last week and 14 in
this week a year ago.
R.' G. Dun & Co.'s Weekly Review of
Trade to-morrow will say:
Business is decidedly better than at
any recent date,' and the improvement
is not confined to activity in holiday
goods, although the best reports, con
cern those lines. Continued lower tem
perature not only stimulates sales but
jobbers are receiving supplementary
orders and collections are moat prompt.
Building permits issued during Novem
ber exceeded the same month last' jear.
Railway tonnage is heavy and several
manufacturing branches are starting
idle machinery. On the other hand,
there is no improved condition in the
cotton industry and future producers
are restricting output.
Confidence is increasing in. the iron
and steel industry. Structural material
is gradually reviving, contracts for new
bridges and buildings coming forward,
and It is known that much construc
tion work is scheduled for early in the
spring. ;•._; ;•
A further advance In tin was secured
by manipulators at London. Other
minor metals rule steady.
Another general advance in • hides is
recorded
It is expected .that Bome startling
facts v.-ill be brought to light when the
jury resumes its investigation next
Wednesday afternoon at 3 o'clock.
More important witnesses \rfll be ex
amined at that time, including Cassidy
and several others.
It is expected that the Indictments
BtraSnFt Davidson. Pierce and Brady
¦will^be made public at that time, and
In aJl probability one against Cassidy
Trill also be issued. The Grand Jury
is also preparicK a report and this n«y
be submitted at that time.
Yoxms Davidson was shown certain
baoks kepi "by the County Clerk and he
positively identified Jn them work hs
end his lather had performed. Fcr
tenr Oian that yoting Davidson knew
TKrfhtajr. He was the last -witness ex
amined during the day by the Grand
Jury.
"Colonel"* Martin Brady never
worked in the office of the County
ClerX. according to the evidence ob
tslred by the Jury, although he re
ceived regular compensation. Upon the
evidence that was gathered the Jnry
quickly came to the conclusion that
I>2VJdsoii. Pierce and Brady should be
Inflicted,
Encouraging Features Are
Noted in Various Lines of
Business in the Country
Continued from Pace 1, Column i.
"This man was at the head of a great
land fraud conspiracy 'extending over
several Western States. He has bribed
officers of the United States in the West
DECLARATION OF ATTORNEY;
The information on which the war
rant was issued stated in brief .that Mr.
Harlan, (n his capacity as chief of the
special service division of the General
I^and Office, had charge of the investi
gation of the land frauds, sending out
special agents in suspected cases of
fraud and receiving the reports of such
agents on the cases, and that Benson
had paid to him the sum of $500 in re
turn for being allowed to examine the
reports of the special agents on hi3
own case. The specific offense alleged
is that Benson unlawfully gave money
to an officer of the United States, act
ing in behalf of the United States in
an official function, with intent to in
duce him to do an act in violation of
his lawful duty, contrary to section
5451 of the Revised Statutes.
Attorneys Pugh and Pagin were yes
terday sworn in as assistant United
States attorneys for the purpose of
prosecuting the case.
Benson is said to have been taken
entirely by surprise in his arrest, al
though he has known that the Govern
ment has been investigating the al
leged land frauds. He had no lawyer
in Washington, and when he was talten
immediately before United States Com
missioner Taylor a delay of an hour
or more occurred while a lawyer was
sought for him. Benson made a for
mal p!ea of not guilty, and then his
attorney aBked that he be released on
bail. The accused offered bail in $2000
cash, while the Government attorneys
demanded bond in the sum of $10,000,
Attorney Pagin for the Government
saying:
The statement was made later that
Secretary Hitchcock was so incensed
at the flagrancy of this alleged offense
that he told the officers to have Ben
son arrested at once, although it had
not been planned to apprehend him at
present. Another assertion of the Gov
ernment officers is that Benson came
to Washington in answer to decoy let
ters, and with the intention of bribing
people in the Land Office, who were in
reality acting for the secret service.
The warrant on which Benson was
arrested charged that on March 15 last
he unlawfully gave "a sum of money,
to wit: $500 to one Woodford D. Harlan,
who was then and there an officer of
the said United States, to wit: chief
of the special service division of the
General Land Office of the United
States, with intent to induce the said
Woodford D. Harlan to do an act in
violation of his lawful duty as an offi
cer, that is to say, reveal to him, the
said John A. Benson, the contents of
the reports of certain subordinates in
the office of him. the said Woodford D.
Harlan, concerning an investigation of
the conduct of the said John A. Benson
ar.d his associates in making fraudulent
selections and entries of public liinds
of the said United States, in lieu of
lands owned by them within the limits
of forest reserves theretofore estab
lished under the laws of the United
States in *he States of California and
Oregon, and in committing trespass on
the said public lands."
BRIBERY AMONG CHARGES.
AUTHORITIES MAKE HASTE.
er alleged offenders until the principals'
in the case had been apprehended.
The Government attorneys, Arthur
B. Pugb, who has been the special at
torney for the Interior Department on
the land frauds, and Oliver Pagin, as
sistanx attorney of the Department of
Justice, who has also been employed on
the case, stated, in asking for a lafge
ball bond for Benson, that he had been
gnnty of bribery during his present
visit to Washington since last Monday
and In the Interior Department itself,
not-withstanding he was fully aware
that his connection with the alleged
frauds was fully known by the depart
ment.
, Benson is the senior member of the
real estate firm of Benson & Hyde of
San Francisco and, it is asserted, has
defrauded the Government out of at
least 100,000 acres of land by various
schemes since the passage of the forest
reserve act of 1897. That act provides
that the owner of land which is wanted
by the Government for a forest reserve
shall be allowed to select in place of it
other public land. It is - alleged that
Benson obtained advance information
as to the land that would be wanted
by the Government for forest reserves,
and that by means of fraudulent entries
or by purchase immense tracts of such
lands were obtained and afterward ex
changed for valuable public lands.
The information alleges that frauds
were perpetrated as to lands in Wash
ington, .Oregon, California, Montana,
Idaho, Nevada. Utah, Wyoming, Colo
rado, North Dakota, South Dakota,
Nebraska, Kansas, Minnesota, Arizona
and New Mexico. TJie ' investigation
into frauds under the forest reserve act,
it is said, was begun- by Secretary
Hitchcock about a year ago and has
been pursued steadily since then. Com
missioner Richards of the General Land
Office said to-night that on assuming
office he reduced Woodford Harlan from
chief of the civil service division of the
General I^and Office to a clerkship be
cause he was dissatisfied with his work
and his method of conduc .ing his of3ce.
and In the District. Since he came to
this citv a few days ago he has con
tinued his bribery. And, what is more,
in another case some years ago, when
he was out on bonds, he left the coun
try and went to a foreign country and
remained away for several years."
A heated argument followed this
declaration, counsel for the defense as
serting: it was improper. Finally Com
missioner Taylor fixed the bond at $5000
and Mr. Benson was released to appear
December 30, when a preliminary hear
ing will take place. The accused de
clines to make any statement further
than to say he would appear when
wanted.
TRADE SHOWS
LESS TENSION
Continued from Page 1, Column 5.
OFFICIALS ACCUSE BENSON OF BRIBERY
WASHINGTON, Dec 15.— Senator Morgan to-day Introduced a resolution
declaring that the President has no right to wage war against any foreign
power without the consent of Congress when such country Is at peace with
the United States; that the provision of the canal treaty between the United
States and Panama is, in effect, a declaration of war with Colombia; that
the intervention of the United States in preventing Colombia, suppressing the
secession of Panama is contrary to the law of neutrality and the law of na
tions. The important features 'of the « solution are:
"That neither the President nor the President and the Senate, as the
MORGAN DECLARES THE PRESIDENT
HAS NO POWER TO SEND WARSHIPS
Carpenter Charles E. Richardson has been detached from duty at Mare
Island and ordered to the cruiser Atlanta at Colon. He will take passage
down the coast on the armored cruiser New York, which is due at San
Francisco on the 23d inst., en route from Bremerton to Panama.
VALLEJO, Dec 18.— Considerabe excitement was created at the navy
yard this #rfternoon by the receipt of orders to place tne gunboat Manila in
commission. The Manila was captured from the Spaniards in the Philip
pines and has-been lying at Mare Island for a year and a half. It is esti
mated that it would cost $150,000 to put her in good shape, but the situation
on the isthmus of Panama may. demand her services in her present condition.
Shortly after 11 o'clock this morning* the torpedo-boat destroyers Paul
Jones and Preble tied up alongside the navy yard after a quick run from San
Francisco, where they had their hulls cleaned and painted. Their ammuni
tion and stores are about ready and they are awaiting the arrival from the
East of the officers detailed to them.
MORE WARSHIPS MAY BE HURRIED
FROM MARE ISLAND YARD TO PANAMA
GRAND JUBY.WILL IHDICT MlkHOHT
Up blamed Russia for this condition
of affairs and warned ths Senate that
w< may yet have trouble with that
country over the Manchurian question,
which, he says, has been responsible
for the inability of the United States
plenipotentiaries vo obtain the opening
of the- other important ports under more
favorable conditloriS.
The ntlitude taken by Nelson xras
upheld in speeches by a number of
other Senators, although it was argued
at the same time that this treaty is an
entering wedge tn oiir trade and that it
was the best China was able to do un
der Russian drrresr- Lodge urged the
importance of bavins the treaty rati
fied an fl raid that the State Depart
ment ccmsiderpfl immediate action as
essential. He declared that the ratifi
cation probably ttot;13 iave a bearing
en the setilfraent of Ih5 Far Eastern
q-nestlor.. Senators Morgan, Cullom,
Spooner and s- num'ber of others agreed
with Lcds*- It was stated by some of
the cfyealrerF that if Russia had obJecV
tion to tho treaty it had not been ap
parcr.u and, on the contrary, it was
fuiid that she had openly expressed her
approval of it- There was no division
on the motion to ratify.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 18.— The Senate
in executive session to-day ratified the
treaty for the extension of the comme>
cial rolatioiis between the United States
and China and then removed the in
junction of secrecy- No opposition •was
manifested by any Senator to ths
treaty, although Nelson (R.) of Minne-
FCta made a long spsech in which he
criticized the convention zs making in
sufficient provision fcr the trade of ths
United States. He F^-id it indicated
that the hand of Russia had been
Bhown against this country, making it
impossible for the United Slates to re
ceive the concessions needed in the way
of open ports. He said that the ports of
Mukden and An Tung, which are open
ed under the treaty, are in fact inland
ports, accessible only to vessels of light
draught.
Senate Adopts Treaty
to Extend Trade
in Orient.
Daniel of Virginia was the speaker^ ar.d ha advocated the acceptance
of Hoar's resolution calling on the President for more information relative
to the November revolution in Panama.
Cullom called attention to ths fact that the Panama treaty has not
been acted upon by the Committee on Foreign Relations, and intimating
that it was not in order to discuss it. Daniel retorted by saying that
"there is so much nervousness over any inquirj' on the part of Republican
Senators as to cause them to Jump before they have been spurred." He
said that the President had discussed the treaty in public, and called at
tention to Secretary Loomis' New York speech, as well as to the debates
in the Senate, and declared that "never before had there been such a thor
ough defiance and contempt of the law of S9crecy which prevails in diplo
matic affairs as have been displayed in this matter."
Daniel also referred to Minister Bunau-Varilla, and said of him that,
while it is true that all men play many parts in the course of their lives,
that gentleman had "played more parts in a shorter time than any other
actor who had challenged favor from back of the footlights."
Taking up the resolution, he said that he did not want to see the United
States involved in war either with France or with Colombia, and he was
Inclined to accept with a grain of salt the sensational headlines printed in
the papers yesterday over the speeches of acting Secretary Loomis and Min
ister Bunau-Varilla, Some people, he said, seek to establish a wide-open
republic* "as if some prodigious Tammany were about to take possession
of the country, and they are shaking their red lights from many points."
He contended that the independence of Panama had not been well estab
lished, as has been stated, and in this connection called attention to the
fact that the country has no constitution.
Daniel said he knew of no requirement in international law for the
recognition of a new government before it was formed. Things were hap
pening in Washington before there was anything doing on the isthmus.
When, where and at what time, he asked, had the United States undertaken
to ser.il out forces to the border of any country to prevent that country
from keeping peace in its own country? There was not at that time even
a germ of a republic — not even the phantom of a republic
"It Vas the city and not the state that is responsible for the outbreak
of the revolution on the isthmus," he said. „
When Daniel closed, Fulton of Oregon took the floor to advocate the
passage a* the bill providing an appropriation for the proposed Lewis and
Clark exposition. He said thai the only request is that the United States
Government shall make prevision for participation in the celebration, but
even If Congress should fail to make the appropriation the exposition
would be opened and held. He -contended that the exposition would not
be a local affair. All the States traversed by Lewis and Clark were con
cerned, and the event was in many of its aspects of national importance.
An executive session of the Senate was then held. When the doors re
opened the Senate passed a large number of private pension bills and at
5:43 n- m. adjourned-
WASHINGTON, Dec. 18. — After a conference to-day between Secretary
Moody and Rear Admiral Taylor, chief of the Bureau 'of Navigation, and
Brigadier General -George J.Elliott, commandant of the Marine Corps, it
was decided that if present conditions on the Isthmus of Panama continue
General Elliott will sail for Colon on the Dixie from Philadelphia when that
vessel goes south with the battalion of marines which has been ordered as
sembled" at Philadelphia for' "dispatch, to the isthmus. The Dixie is now on
her way,Tiortli;for this purpose. General Elliott has been anxious for some
days to be given a field command, and it is the present Intention :bf officials
to grant his request. f t ( ¦ '• . . , <i
It was said at the Navy Department to-day that in view of the growing
complications over the Panama situation It was inadvisable to longer an
nounce the plans' of the' department withf. the freedom shown .'during the
last few weeks, and for that reason a cablegram received to-day from Rear
Adjniral Coghlan was not made public. -
The resolution of-the-Senate and House -of Representatives in 1899 is re-..
peated. The .sense -of this is that the Government of. the United States looks
with serious concern and ; disapproval on any^ connection of any European
Government with the construction of a ship canal acros the isthmus.
NAVY DEPARTMENT WILL NOT GIVE
ALL PANAMA NEWS TO THE PUBLIC
"That the President has no lawful right or powers without, the consent of
Congress and under the conditions that exist In Panama to use the military
and naval forces of the United ; States to prevent Colombia from enforcing |
her claim to the proper exercise of her sovereignty and to execute her laws
In the depai-tment of Panama." ¦ .. • ;
"That the President of the United .States has entered into treaty rela
tions with persons who claim to have seceded from Colombia, with a stipula
tion which Is in effect a declaration of war with Colombia and is not within
the limits of any power' conferred upon the President by act of Congress, of
the constitution or by .the laws of nations.
treaty making power of the United States, has the lawful power to wage or
declare war against any foreign power without the consent of Congress.
"That a state of war exists between Colombia and an organization in the
Colombian department of Panama that claims to have accomplished the se
cession of Panama from Colombia and to have established its independence.
"That If Colombia is not prevented by some powerful foreign nation she
Is manifestly able to maintain her p'resent effort to repress the said seces
sion. .
CONVENTION
WITH CHINA
IS RATIFIED
THIv SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1903.
REPRESENTATIVES OF COLOMBIA
DECLARE THE PROSPECT OF WAR
Continued From Page 1. Columns O and .7.
There never yet was a currency . that
could purchase content. ' : f"
After the plans selected shall have
been approved by the Secretaries of the
Treasury and Interior and the Post
master General, bids for constructing
the building will be called for, the con
struction to follow closely the plans of
Eames & Young approved to-day.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 18.— Eames &
Young of St. Louis, Mo., were to-day
chosen architects of the San Francisco
Custom-house. PJans for the building
submitted to the supervising architect
of the Treasury by this firm were se
lected from those of twelve competitors
as the most satisfactory and the St.
Louis architects .were accordingly
named to have charge of the work.
The following architects sent in
plans: D. W. Willard of Babb, Cook &
Willard, Redlarids, Cal.; A. F. Rosen
heim, Los Angeles, Cal.; Whidden &
Lewis, Portland, Or.; Thomas R. Kim
ball, Omaha, Nebr. ; Eames & Young,
St. Louis,. Mo., and Reed & Reed, J. G.
Howard, Clinton Day, Bliss & Fayville,
William Mooser, Shea & Shea, N.
Thorp, San Francisco.
Of the three concerns Reed & Reed,
Shea & Shea and N. Thorp did not
submit drawings of their plans, and the
third was not identified. The design of
the successful firm calls for an espe
cially well-planned building, with an
entire front on Battery street, with a
depth of sixty feet, of free classic style
and with abundant light and window
surface. The building will be five Fto
ries high, including basement, and will
be constructed of Raymond granite at
a cost, according to the architects*
plans, of $1,440,000.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Committee Chooses Firm in
St. Louis .to Erect Public
Building iu San Francisco
WILL DESIGN
CUSTOM-HOUSE
2
A "Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
Itching. Blind, Bleeding or Protrudlne Piles.
Tour druggist will refund money If Pazo
Ointment fails to cure you In 6 to 14 days. 60s*
ADVEBTISEMEIJTS.
A Bad Stomach
Lessens the usefulness and mars the hap-
plnefes of life.
It's a weak stomach, a stomach that c*»-
not properlr perform its functions.
Among its symptoms are distress after
eating, nausea between meals, heartburn,
belching, vomiting, flatulence and nervcuc
headache.
Hocd'sSarsapariii*"
Cures a bad stomach, indigestion and dys-
pepsia, and the cure is permanent.
Accent no substitute. '
¦ • ••*"¦ ' ~ • ¦ "~
TO-DAY, at 3 p. m.
MRS. LILLIAN BIRMINGHAM, SOLOIST.
MR. PERCIVAL VAN YORX
AT THE ANGELUS.
* PROQRAIVIME.
1. Polonaise, No. 1 Liszt
¦ 2. (a) tlomamme, op. 38, No. 2 Schuett
il^ -Etude, op. 25, No. l» ..Chopin
3. SOnsr, "My Heart Is "Weary" (from the
¦ . opera "Nadtsh3a" ....Thomas
• . Mrs. Birmingham. jv*
AT-ri Accompanied on the piano by Mr. van Yorx, C^X^
wlth the ald cf the AD8relus> ¦ ViV v
*>> PART II. j ¦*••
'*•' 4. Pollehln«He, - op. ' 3. No. 4 Rachmaninoff
5. La Bolwmt, Fantasle... PurcinI
H. "AValtz. op. 34, No. 1... "..-.. Moscowskl
i 7. Songs— (a) "A Lad and Lassie" (b) "For
• Mine Alone".: Van Yonc
. . Mrs. Birmingham,
; Accompanied on the piano by Mr. Van Tone,
with the aid of the Angelus.
8. Rhapsoll Hongrolse........".... rLiszt
This is the last of the' scries of recitals that have been given by the An-
• gelus Department of Sherman.* Clay & Co., Sutter and Keamy sts. They are ,
.free to all, and the complimentary tickets may be had at th« store. Any one
i who has not yet found the opportunity to visit Steinway Hall on these occa-
i : eions will be amply repaid by attending this recital to-day.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Large Stock
HECK DRESS ~
GLOVES
i MUFFLERS j
UNDERWEAR j
NIGHTROBES i
HOSIERY
nnpec quirk
uncou oninio
FANCY SHIRTS ;
UMBAELLAS
SUSPENDERS i
SUITCASES
780-786 Market St
242 Montgomery St.
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
asuscos of fiaeismfS
A : CT) ¦19SllUlZZ?S7.tn.8t!t*7tli,S.r.&1.4
T CJr T' 18 tjrprft Anatomical Musetun i» the \
W ii lllia World. WeaJtnevses or any tamnrXzA A
« Cp|tS5i diseise po»M*»«ljre»r«dbjtbeoIdit»t Jf
1 O jSgl Specjaiijtcn the Coat EU.3& ynrs. 0
A 4ik^A CR - iCBUAS-O'SEASES 0? KZ» Q
\ r C&5«S$} Con^ulr?uon fre? l.-.i strictly priratc. \
B J \£*w n Trsacner.t p«r*oaa!ty or bv letter. A ff
¥ B ff » U foma-ct Cmn in every c»c uxterukea. . T
Altf \\ ft w n» for Book. TWM.*»mO*mi «f jf)
Y I ,7 \\H HAnBUCG, mailed fssi.ut
\ j\ IL mintlc book for mro) ..- - \
V JDK. JORDAN 4fcCO..lC51 &fari:ftSt..9. P. V
CCBCB&HSA ISO CBHtAST SISCE1K3SJL
J"%!\^^^^Hfcl ft \l r^_f^ JPy j^ try /?-»^Jl
A CURE IX 43 HOURS.
ASllr o££aie2 l| irritation* or oleeratioaj.
»©5 cottattr'ctnr*. of ran com membranes
flh 1 1 Pfvirati CmtMtm. FaiB'«M*» and not Mtr*a*
KCTrrfEETAHSCHEMiCiLCO. g»at or poisonous.
Vs& Ci«uuiATi.o.BKE3 «« ld «* T , azzl *^l T
Xt£3k. 0. « a 5'. f jr or wo* io P' ain wra 5>5* r «
J&?"3?V !^JVi4 »>r expren. prepaid, tor
AWtapttoaayyt'l U -CO. or 3 bortlr J «2.7J.
Vsb^^y^r H CircaUx- net on rtqaert.
DIRECTORY
j OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Prico Lists Mails!
en Application. flFw
TRESS A2TO SAX.T MEATS. r
I*C RAVFS & fft Shipping butchers, "idf"
JAj. DUIKj tt tV. Clay. Tel Mat.i lguT^
~ OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD & ELLI3,
41S Front st., 8. F. Phone Ma'.a 1719. ••
PXUS'JLVLHCr.
LCBCGHES. m BESTS**THREE POPULAR SOCIETY MATRONS WHO . WERE \ PROMINENT
AMONG THE MANY ATTRACTIVE WOMEN PRESENT -AT THE
.GREENWAY ASSEMBLY IN THE PALACE HOTEL LAST NIGHT.
TACOMA, Dec. 18.— An earthquake
last Tuesday broke off the southeastern
peak of Mount Rainier, lying sixty
miles southwest of Tacoma. Hundreds
of acres of rocks and ice, including a
number of glaciers; were broken loose
and hurled two miles down the moun
tain side into the valleys below.
Mount Rainier Is nearly fifteen thou
sand feet high, being surmounted with
three peaks, the highest of which has
been known for twenty years as Colum
bia's Crest. Thls-peak stood on the
southeastern corner- of the mountain's
brow, being visible throughout Wash
ington, and on clear days from British
Columbia, Idaho and Oregon. The peak
contained a crater several hundred feet
in diameter, in which mountain-climb
ers have usually spent the night on the
mountain's top. Sulphurous fumes and
steam are always rising from this
crater, keeping it free from snow the
year round. Higher up the peak was
always covered with snow and ice. The
mountain has a glacial system compris
ing fifteen distinct glaciers, several of
them being located on its southeast
slope.
The earthquake was felt, at several
points throughout Eastern Washington
Tuesday night. The breaking of Mount
Rainier's peak was witnessed by' State
Senator Ruth of Olympia and George
E. Huggins, a wealthy stockman own
ing ranges around the southern base of
the mountain. They were startled
Tuesday morning by the earthquake
shock, followed by reports similar to
the firing of heavy artillery. These
gradually increased to a great roar.
Looking toward the mountain, they ob
served that the southeastern peak had
broken off and was tumbling down the
slope. Slides continued all day. In the
afternoon there was « a broad black
streak of bare rock where before ice
and snow had been piled hundreds of
feet high.
Huggins and Ruth made public what
they witnessed to-day. Loud reports
were heard accompanying the earth
quake hundreds of miles away in East
ern Washington. They were undoubt
edly, caused by the tumbling of the
peak. *
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Reports Similar to Firing of
Heavy Artillery Follow the
Temblor and Cause Alarm
COLUMBIA'S CREST GONE
Earthquake Causes Thousands
of Tons of Bock and Ice to
Tumble Into Valleys Below
MOUNT RAINIER
LOSES A PEAK
HOLIDAY SPIRIT PREVAILS AND ALL ARE MERRY
AT GREENWAY DANCE IN THE PALACE HOTEL
COPENHAGEN' Dec. IS. — The Danish bat
tlpship Iver Hvltfeldt *i«-s be^n wrlouKly
<5a.rr.a|T"»d by lire while In the harbor here.
Grar.ey •was cross-examined at length
by McCarty's attorneys, but stuck to his
statements. He did admit, though,
that he could not recall the time or
place that McCarty swore to keep
prices up.
Eddie Graney, the "little horseshoer"
and dispenser of justice to knights of
the glove, was a witness yesterday in
the trial of the suit for damages of
J. H. McCarty against the Horse
shoers" Union and the Master Horse
shoers" Association. His testimony
was that he knew of no agreement be
tween the union and the employers
to drive McCarty out of business. He
Fail he bore McCarty no ill will, but
that he did not like his method of re
ducing prices after he had raised his
hand before a hundred of his fellow
craftsmen and swore that he would
do all that he could to keep the price
cf horseshoeing up.
•Little Horseshoer" Says He Knows
of Xo Agreement to Drive Plain
tiff Out of Business.
EDDIE GRANEY TESTIFIES
ix the Mccarty case
The opening cf this tract places the
finest property in San Mateo on the
market and gives an outlet for the
growth of the city which It was feared
might not be obtained for years. When
the town was incorporated Hayward is
to have ptven warning that if the
city officers persisted in including his
property in the city limits he would de
feat ineorporation'^nd leave his proper
ty so that it could not be incorporated
after he was dead. He had his way
and the property was left out. It now
seems that it will come in by very nat
ural methods. ».
The <3eaJ has been made through
Wiiliam\J. Dlngee, representing Mrs.
Alvinza HaywanL Fifty acres of Hay
ward's ITOCmacre tract are to be opened
row and it is "stated that as soon as
these have bften disposed of other sec
tions east cf the railway and that
where the race track is, south of the
Hayward mansion, will be placed on
the market.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN MATEO, Dec. IS.— Big: events
axe crowding on each other's heels
here and all operating to a common
end, the realization cf a greater San
Mateo. It was definitely announced
xo-day that the beautiful Hayward
property known as Hayward Park, ly
ing along Fifth avenue and extending
from A street to the Southern Paciflc
rigbt of way, is to be subdivided and
put on 1 the market. This property has
always formed a complete barrier to
any expansion of the city on the south
and Its removal will give an impetus to
growth which- nothing else could have
accomplished. The property has been
placed in the hands of a local real es
tate* firm.
News of the Projected Open
ing of the Tract Proves a Wel
j come Surprise to Residents
CITY TO BE EXPANDED
Valuable Property Situated
in San Hateo Will Be Sub
divided and Put on Market
HAYWARD PARK
IS TO BE SOLD
Louise Parrott, Miss Maylita Pease, James D.
Phelan, Mr. and Mrs. Ira Pierce. Mr. and Mrs.
H. D. Plllsbury. Roy M. Pike. Edgar Peixotto.
Mr. and Mrs. George A. Pope. Carter P. Pome
roy. Miss Pomeroy. I. H. Polhemus. Miss Amy
Porter, Mr. and Mrs. Edgar F. Preston.
G. L. Kathbone. F, R"is Jr.. Jamm W. Reid.
Mr*. Caroline H. Robinson. Miss Elena Rob
inson. II. H. Rousseau, Gaston E. Roussy,
It M. Robirs.^Dr. Tracy G. Ru.«sell, Mls3
Ruwell. T
XV. B. Sanborn. John A. Sanbon. Mr. and
Xfrs. E. G. Sehmiedell. H. H. . Scott. H. T.
Scoit i*re«cott Scott, Dennis Searles. Mrs.
Hyde Snslth. Gertrude Hyae Smith. W. H.
Smith Jr., B. G. Sorners. Mr. and Mrs. John
D. fpreckels. Grace Spreckels. 1,11 lie C- Spreck
els. Mr. and Mr3. Rudolph Spreckels, Mr. and
Mr*. John D. Spreckels Jr., Harry N. Stetson.
Major William Stephensou. Mr. and Mrs.
Frank Sullivan, MIes Alys Sullivan and Sid
nev Salisbury.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick W. Tallant. Mr. and
Mrs. W. H. Taylor. Mrs. John D. Tallant.
Elsie Tallant Mr. and Mrs. Augustus Taylor,
Dr. Harry I* Tevls. W. W. Thurston. MIjs
Mabell3 Toy. Philip W. Tompkins. Mr. and
Mr?. Joseph Tobln. Clement Tobin, E. J. Tobtn,
J. L. Tobin. C. R. Tobln, Miss Celia Tobin.
Mr. and Mrs. W. B. Tubbs. Mrs. Anne T.
Tubos. Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Tevls, Miss Terry
of Stockton.
Carey Van Fleet. H. P. Veeder, Mrs. A. H.
Voorhics.
Mr. and Mr?. Cyrus Walker. He'.en L.
"Wagner George H. Whlpple, Miss Florence
Whlttell. J. C, Wilson, Alfred II. Wllcox.
Miss Bessie Wilson, Captain Frederick Wild,
E. A. Wiltsee. Mr. and Mrs. M. S. Wilson.
Mr and Mrs. Chauncey Wtnslo-w. Mr. and Mrs.
Russell Wilson. Miss Emily Wilson. Miss Wil
son of Baltimore. Douglas Waterman, Captain
Wilcox and Wilberforce Williams.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Zelle. Dr. Eusene
Zeile. John Zelle.
William D. Page. Mrs.. Abby M. Parrott,
Mr. and Mrs. S. H. Palmer. Mr. and Mrs.
John Parritt, Mis* Emily Parrott. Miss Abby
Parrctt. Mrs. Louie B. Parrott. Miss Marie
Mis* Mary Josselyn. Captatn F. E. Johnson.
Miss Virginia JellifTe. Miss Gertrude Jolltffe.
Percy L. King, Lucy King. Jamen I* King,
Frank B. King. Allen G. Kittle. Miss Kittle,
Mrs. Homer King. Miss Genevieve King. Miss
Hazel King. Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Knight. C.
Frederick Kohl. Mary E. Kohl. Consul Paul
Kooakevitch. Mr. and Mrs. Krauthoff.
Miss Pearl lenders. Mrs. E. C. La Mon
tagne. Mrs. G. L. Lansing. Mrs. M. S. Latham.
H. B. Larzalere. John Lawson. John M. Lewis.
Mr. and Mrs. Eugene Lent. Norman B. Uver
more. Elizabeth King Llvermore. Mr. and Mrs.
Alex Llllev. William J. Lvster. George Lewis.
Mr. and Mir. Georee H. Len't.
Knox MadJox. Mrs. Eleanor Martin. George
T Marye. Mr. and Mr3. Georee A. Martin. Mr.
and Mrs. Walter S. Martin. Mr. and Mrs. E. J.
McCutchen. Atliole McBean. K. Avery Mc-
Carthy.' Mr. and Mrs. C. R. Mclntosh. Edwin
McAfee, Mr. and Mrs. S. B. McN'ear. Mr. and
Mrs. Fred W. McNear. Bensie McNear. Dr. W.
F. McNutt. Miss Ruth McNutt. Mr. and Mrs.
LMhnm McMullln. Ernuest L. McCornlck. Rear
Admiral and Mrs. McCalla, Ml»s Stella Mc-
Oilla George H. Mendell Jr.. John Hubert Mee.
Mr. and Mrs. H. M. A. Miller. Miss EHuabeth
MIIIp. Mi*s Ard'lla Mills. Addlson MIzner,
Mr. and Mr*. E. D. Murphv.
Mr. and Mrs. W. Mayo Newhall. Miss Xew
b»H. Mr. and Mrs. George NewhnU.
Mr. pnd Mrs. Robert Oxna™t. Mr. and Mrs.
James Otis. Mr. and Mrs. Herman Oelrichs,
Harrv Oelrlrhs.
V. Hanford, Albert Hanford, W. F. and Mrs.
Herrin. Miss Herrin. Euitene B. Hewlett. Mrs.
Malcolm Henry. EX W. Hopkins. J. R. Howell.
H. M. Holbrook, Mr. and Mrs. Robert G.
Hooker. William E. Hough, Edward W, How
ard. Miss Frances R. Howard. Carl W. How
ard Jr.. Mr. and Mrs. Willard V. Huntlngtoa
and Miss Ethel Haeer.
Mr. and Mrs. W. O. Irwin.
Open To-Xight
And every night until Christmas. Vogue
Cloak and Fur Co.. millinery and waists.
217 Grant avenue.
A Royal Engagement.
BERLIN. Dec. 15. — The frequently
denied and reaffirmed engagement of
Princess Alexandra of Cumberland to
the Grand Duke of Mecklenburg-
Schwerin will, it is said, be officially
announced -durinp the silver wedding
festivities of the Duke and Duchess of
Cumberland, which will' begin to-mor
row in Upper Austria.
Little gold clocks, candlesticks, can
delabra and trays; a dainty line for
Christmas; pleases everybody. Sanborn.
Vail & Co. •
Earthquake Is Felt at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, Dec. 18. — An earth
quake shock was felt here at 5:20
o'clock this evening. The vibrations
were from east to west. - - . /
Inkstands, gold pens, desk pads, lap
tablets, desk sets, desk calendars and
blotters for Christmas. Sanborn, Vail &
Co. •
Last night Alexander "Wallace, a
blacksmith, 45 years of age, walked In
front of an approaching steam car at
Baker and Chestnut streets and was
knocked down and severely injured.
Policeman O'Connell was on the train
and saw the accident. He believes
Wallace was drinking. The t injured
man was taken to the Emergency Hos
pital, where it was found that both
arms and his right leg were broken,
and there were other injuries that may
cause death.
Walks In Front of Train.
a black ChantiHy lace gown with chou
of lavender velvet on the corsage.
Miss Charlotte Russell wore a hand
some and artistic gown of violet chiffon
elaborately shirred. The deep bertha
was trimmed with rows of violets and
she carried a bouquet of violets.
¦ Miss Celia Tobin wore a beautiful
gown of heavy pink silk brocade with
bodice and flounces of chiffon and pan
els of tucked spangled mousseline de
sole in the skirt. The bertha of tucked
chiffon was edged with applique of pink
silk roses.
Mrs. J. D. Spreckels Jr. wore a mag
nificent gown of heavy duchesse satin
and Doint d'Alencon lace.
The Misses Parrott were gowned
alike in white silk dotted mull trim
med with clusters of apple blossoms
and white -satin ribbon.
Miss Ethel Hager created something
of 3. sensation in a firefly gown of net
covered with rows of red iridescent
spangles made over red silk.
Miss Mabelle Toy looked extremely
well in white embroidered chiffon over
yellow with trimming of yellow shaded
satin ribbon.
Mrs. Homer King wore an exquisite
gown of white spangled net trimmed
with narrow ruchlngs of pale green and
white chiffon.
Miss Genevieve King wore an artistic
gown of white chiffon over pale blue
with accordeon plaited angel sleeves
and bodice.
Miss Howard looked like a quaint pic
ture gown, with dlrectolre of pink and
white Dresden silk and with underskirt
of white satin and lace flounces.
Mrs. E. F. Preston was charming in
black velvet.
Miss Ruth McNutt was in white
tucked mousse'lne de sole over yellow
with shower bouquet of pink roses on
the corsage.
The invited guests were:
Miss Elizabeth Allen, Miss Ruth Allen, Mr.
and Mrs. Worthtngton Ames. Mr. and Mrs.
Frank B. Anderson, Raymond E. Armsby. Mrs.
Charles Alexander*. Miss Caroline Stetson
Ay res. ,
Miss Florence Bailey. John Bush Balrd.
Philip S. Baker.^Mr. and Mrs. Wakeneld Ba
ker, Thomas J. Barbour, Lloyd Baldwin. Tom
C. Berry. E. N. Bee. R. C. Berkeley, Mr. and
Mrs James Mall Bishop. Miss Leontlne Blake
man, Mr. and Mrs. Gordon Blandln?, Miss
Buran Blandlng, Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Black,
MIm Jennie Blair, Leon Bocqueraz, Allan St.
John Bowie. Mr. and Mrs. W. B. Bourn, Miss
Maud Bcurn. Miss Sophie Bore!. Miss Alice
Bore!. S. H. Bcardman. Miss Bowie, Ham
Bowte Jr.. Mr. and Mrs. E. E. Brownell. Mrs.
Philip King Brown, R. Godfrey Broderick, Mr.
and Mrs S. G. Buckbee, Mr. and Mrs. S. C.
Buckbee, XV: S. Burnett, James \V. Byrne,
Cdptaln and Mrs. C. U Bent. Major Boyd of
Nevada.'
Mr. and ' Mrs. Maurice Casey, Miss Linda
CadwallaJer, Mr. and Mrs. F. J. Carolan. Mrs.
A. Chescbrough. Miss Helen P. ChesebrouEh.
Mr. and Mrs. Horace Blanchard Chase. Mr.
and Mrs. Warren D. Clark, Miss Ethel Cooper,
Miss Sophie Colcman, Mlso Lucy O. Coleman,
K- II. Coon. Mr. a,nd Mrs. A. B. Costigan,
William B. Collier Jr.. Miss Sara B. Collier. ;
Mrs. XV. B. Collier, 8. L. Collier. Angelo
Conte. E. J. Coleman. W. H. Crocker, Mr. and
Mrs. Sidnty H. Cush'.ng and Miss Mabel Cluff.
C. de Gutcne-, Miss M. C. de Gulgne, Miss
7.: de Guiene, Mlns Helen de Young, Miss
Ethel W. Dean. .William Denman. Mr. and
Mrs E. R. Diamond, Miss Katherlne Dillon,
Benjamin H. Dtbblee, Miss Bertha M. Dol
beer, Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Donohoe, Mr. and
Mrs. F. Q. Drum. Miss Sara Drum. Mr. and
M/s. Drysdale, Mr. and Mrs. W. N. Drown,
Miss Virginia ¦- Newell - Drown. Miss Bernie
Drown. R. McK. Duperu. Mlsa Gertrude Dut
ton, Mr. and Mrs. Henry E. Dutton, Harry S.
Dutton. ¦
Mr. and Mrs. A. M. Easton. Mrs. C. F.
Eells, Miss ; Gertrude - Eells. Charlotte Ellin*
wood, Robert M. Eyre, Mr. and Mrs. E. L.
Eyre. ¦ ¦ ' «'" C ' .'•¦'¦
Captain S. L.' Falson, George R. Field, E.
Courtney Fofd. Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Follis. C.
G. Follis. Mr. and Mrs. J: A. Folger. Mrs.
Florence Pose Frank. Mrs. - T. C Frledlander.
Christian Frcelich. \_ .
George W. Glbbs. W. F. Goad, Robert P.
Greer. Fred'. A. Greenwood. Mr. and Mrs.
Frank Griffin, - NV "¦ M. '¦ •¦ Grlman, ' Jliss ElUs
Gregory. Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Grant, ¦ Mr,' and
Mm. Francis Grace, Miss Dorothy Glttings of
Baltimore.. • :••-.¦- . . '. -
Franc* L. Harris. Ralph W. Hart, Mhmm
The bodice was embroidered in black
spangles and was completed by a du
chesse lace bolero.
Mrs. Rudolph Spreckels wore an elab
orate gown of cream lace over chiffon
and silk, which exactly suited her bru
nette beauty.
Mrs. A. B. Costlgan was charming in
white lace over silk chiffon, effectively
trimmed with pink roses.
Miss Wilson of Baltimore was pret
tily attired in white crepe de chine.
Mrs. Henry Dutton wore a becoming
gown of white net over silk.
Mrs. Wakefie'.d Baker wore a strik
ingly handsome gown of white moire
silk and point lace.
Mrs. Willard N. Drown wore a black
spangled gown.
Mrs. Frank B. Anderson wore a beau
tiful gc-wn of white chiffon velvet with
garniture of point lace.
Miss Mabel Cluff was beautiful in an
imported gown of white liberty satin
with bertha of Iridescent spangled lace
and pink velvet girdle.
Miss Alys Sullivan was one of the
most attractive debutantes, wearing a
Paris gown of white point d'esprit over
silk and trimmed with clusters of pink
baby roses.
Miss Bernle Drown was charming in
white silk and carried orchids.
"Miss Newell Drown wore a dainty
white lace gown, admirably suited to
a debutante, and carried an- armful of
orchids.
Mrs. F. W. Tallant's gown was white
mousseline de sole over silk.
Miss Jolllffe wore a white point d'es
prit over silk, trimmed wltl. lace and
white satin ribbon bands.
Mrs. Alexander wore a striking black
gown of heavy jet with chiffon flounces
about the feet. The bodice was cut de
collete and sleeveless, with strands of
jet falling over the arms.
Miss Emily Wilson wore white em
broidered chiffon over silk.
Mrs. Russell Wilson wore a black em
broidered net gown.
Miss Ardella Mills looked extremely
well in white tucked crepe de chine,
with lace.
Miss Bessie Mills wore a stylish white
gown with deep crushed girdle and sash
ends of turquoise blue silk.
Mrs. Krauthoff, wife of Major Kraut
hoff, U. S. A., was beautiful In black
net over silk.
Mrs. Eleanor Martin was charming in
A supper was served at midnight in
the Marble and Maple rooms at small
round tables decked with candelabra
with red and yellow shades. After sup
per dancing was resumed, and it was 3
o'clock before the delightful entertain
ment came to an end.
Altogether the affair was one of the
most enjoyable that has taken place
this season.
The gowns wore exceedingly hand
some and materially enhanced the
charms of the wearers. Costly Parisian
creations were among the most effec
tive costumes, many of them being too
elaborately trimmed to permit of a de
tailed description.
Mrs. F. W. McXear wore white span
gled net over silk.
Miss Maylita Pease was charming In
white net embroidered in pink blos
soms with garniture or pink roses and
ribbon.
Mrs. Frank Griffin wcrre a handsome
white panne velvet gown with pink
roses.
Mrs. James Hall Bishop was becom
ingly gowned in light blue silk with
bertha and flounces of point lace.
Miss Helen de Young was attractive
in a Parisian gown of white -lace with
silver spangles. At intervals in the
lace were inserted lace baskets holding
tiny pink blossoms.
Miss Bessie Wilson wore a gown of
white Brussels lace with garniture of
pink.
. Miss Amy Porter wore a dainty gown
of pink embroidered chiffon over pink
Bilk.
. Miss Gertrude Dutton looked ex
tremely well in pale yellow chiffon with
cream lace trimmlns.
Mrs. Gerett Livingston Lansing wore
a handsome gown of white Chantilly
net with black velvet applique, all over
a foundation of white chiffon and silk.
The Greenway holiday dance at the
Palace Hotel last night was fully up
to expectations and anticipations. It
¦was nearly 11 o'clock before the ball
opened, and it was even later than that
before those who had participated in
the numerous dinner functions of the
evening began to arrive. By midnight
the scene was brilliant. There was a
display of gorgeous gowns and spark
ling Jewels, and the soft, mellow glow
of the crimson lights added much to the
beauty of the scene.
Society turned out in great numbers,
and all entered into the joySusness of
the occasion, the pleasure of which was
undoubtedly enhanced by the general
gayety that naturally prevails during
this festive holiday season.
As usual with the Greenway dances,
the music was one of the special fea
tures of the evening. A pleasant inno
vation was made by the introduction of
a number of the old time famous
Strauss waltzes, interspersed with com
positions of a more recent date. Among
those which especially seemed to add tq
the mazy whirl of the dance were the
old favorites, "Blue Danube,". "Wine,
Women and Song." "Morning Journal"
and "Girls of Baden." Then there were
selections from "Princess Louise,"
"Dolly Varden" and "Prince of Pilsen."
Others that filled in were "If You Love
Me, Darling," "Life's Pleasure" and the
"New Bully."
An important event of the ball was
the debut of Miss Constance de Young,
second daughter of Mr. and Mrs. M. H.'
de Young. She was chaperoned by Mrs.
Oelrichs. The pretty debutante, who
has a sweet and lovable personality,
was unusually attractive in a Parisian
gown of white silk mull, made with
many puffs on sleeves, skirt and bodice,
the puffs being outlined with garlands
of orange blossoms.
One of the chief guests of the evening
was Mrs. Hermann Oelrichs. who ap
peared shortly before midnight with
Mrs. Walter Martin. Mrs. Rudolph
Spreckels and Mrs. Mountford Wilson.
It was Mrs. Oelrichs' first appearance
at any evening function since her ar
rival from New York, and she' was
much observed in her extremely artistic
gown of white net embroidered in fine
spangles and made over pale blue chif
fon and silk. At Intervals on the bodice
and skirt were insertions of black chif
fon flowers. A panel of black spangled
net extended down the back of the
skirt to the end of the long train. Flow
ing angel sleeves of spangled white net
fell from the shoulder to the elbow
and strands of knotted blue chiffon and
black satin flowers caught with blue
ribbons were also suspended from the
shoulders. Mrs. Oelrichs also wore a
dog collar and a double rope of pearls
about her neck.
Gorgeous Display
of Gowns and
Jewels.
Enjoyment Reigns
at Brilliant
Function.
,'-.-,. - ,- . ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦• . • • • • ¦ •¦ ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1903.
3
OCEAII THA.VEL.
S Steamers leave San Fran'*
Cisco as follows:
For Ketchlkaa, Wraajel.
Juneau. Haines, Skagaay.
etc., Alaska — 11 a. m.. Dec.
17. 22. 27. Jan. 2. Changs
to company's steamers at
Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Tovrnsend, Seattle^ Ta-
ccma, Everett, Whatcom— 11 a. m.. Dee. 17.
22, 27, Jan. 2. Change at Seattle to this cera- '
lany'b steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at
Seattle cr Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancotrver
to C. P. Railway.
Per Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:39
p. m., Dec. IS, 24. 30, Jan. 5; Corona. l:3O p.
m.. Dec. 21, 27. Jan. 2.
For Los Angeles (via Pert Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Di?so and San:a Barbara—
Santa Rcsa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
State or California. Thursdays. 9 a. ta.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. S«n Simeon. Cayuce*. Port Harford (3aa
Luis Obivpo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Cocs Bay, 9 a. m.. Dec. 1S>. 27. Jan. 4.
Bonlta. 9 a. in.. Dec. 2J. 31. Jan. 8.
For Ecsenada, Magdalena Bay, San Joae del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Ro-
salia. Uua.yrr.aa (Mez.). H) a. re., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain fold#r.
Right la reserved to change steamers or sail-
!nr dates.
TICKET OmCES 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street and
Broadway wharves.
Freight office, 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNAN'N. General Passenjrer Agent.
10 Market street, San Francisco.
AZCEBXCAIT Z.TST1.
2few TorX — Southampton — Juoadon.
St.Paul.Dec.2rt.0:S0 am| St. Louis. Jan ». 9:3O ara
Phi!a...Jan 2. 9:30 any N.York. Jan. 16. 9:30 anx
SPECIAL NOTICE.
After January 1, 1004. American Line steam-
er* frcm New York for Southampton will call at
Plymouth and Cherbourg to land malls aad paa-
sengrers for London and Paris.
iTLAKTIC TS4NSPOET LIUE.
New York — London Dirset.
Minn'pls.Dec.28, 10 am'Mesaba. . .Jan 0. 9 ant
Ulnnehaha.Jan.2. 5 amlMinnetnka. Jan. 16,5 am
Only First-class Passengers Carried.
DOMIJIION IJKS.
Portland — Liverpool — Shurt sea passage.
Canada Jan. lliCanada Feb. (t
Dominion Jan. 2UjDcmt:iicn Feb. 27
BED STAB LirE.
Nsw York— Antwerp— Paris.
Zeerd.Dec.2e.lO:3(> amjZeel'U.^an.'J. 10:30 ara
Finland. Jan.2; 10:30 am Flnlnd. Jan 16.10:30 ara
WHITE STAB IiIWB.
2Tew York — Qucenstowa. — Liverpool.
riaillns Wednesdays and Fridays.
Teutonic. Dec. 23. noon Celtic. .. .Jan. 13. 2 crn
Cedric.Dee. .TO. 1 pm.Teutonic.Jan. 20. 10 an
UaJestic.Jan. 6. 10 am.Cedrlc. . . . Jan. 27. noon
Boston — Qneenstows — Liverpool.
Cymric Dec. 24. Jan. 23. Feb. 23
Cretic Feb. It. Mar. 10. Apl. T
BOSTON MTJHTEBBASEAg SX3VXCI:.
Azores, Gibraltar. STacles. Genoa.
REPUBLIC (new) Jan. 2. Feb. i:\ Mar. 26
ROMANIC Jan. 16. Feb. 27. Apl. »
CANOPIC Jan. SO. Mar. 12
C. D. TAYLOR. Pa-aenKer A^nt Pacific Coast,
21 Post st.. San Francisco.
Y&dSizRS. MARSEILLE." C£NQaSS\1
If MAPLES &AUTXAJ«DglA ECY?7.W
REPUBLIC (new).. Jan. 2. Feb. 13. Mar. 28
ROMANIC Jan. 18. Feb. 27, ApL 9
CANOPIC Jan. "0. Mar. 12
(Send for rates and Illustrated booklet.)
These sieamers are the largest in Med-
iterranean service.
First class. S75 and C30 upward, accord-
ing to date of sailing.
Boston to Liverpool <*,..;!*«-.•,
CYMRIC .Dec. 24, Jan. 2S, Feb. 23
CRETIC Feb. 11. Mar. 10. Apl. T
First class. $65 upward. For plans, etc..
address.
WHITE STAR LINE. 77-R1 Stat» St..
Boston, or to C. P. TAYLOR, 21 Post »t.
O. /?. & N. CO.
"Columbia"* sails Dec. 19. 20, Jan. 8, 13.
28, Feb 7 and 17. "George W. Elder" tails
Dec. 14. 24. Jan. 3, 13. 23. Feb. 2 and 12.
Only steamship line to PORTLAND, OR... and
•hart "rail line from Portland to all points
East. Through tickets to all points, all rail
or steamship and rail, at LOWEST RATES.
Steamer tickets include, berth and meals.
Steamer rails foot of Spear St., at 11 a. rn. S.
F. BOOTH, Gen. Ajrt. Pass Dept.. 1 Mont-
gomery St.; C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt. Freight
Dept., 3 Montgomery st^
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannaa streets at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG calling at Kobe (Hlcgo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai; and connecting at
Hongkonx with steamers for India, etc. Jf»
canto received on board en day cf sailing-.
S S. NIPPON MARL" (calling at Manila)
Wednesdav, December 30. 1003
S. S. AMERICA MARU -1"^,
Mon<1ev. January 23. 1904
S. S. HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday. February 17. 1904
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freirht and r-asyage app'.y at Com-
canv's offlce 421 Market street, corner First,
pany ot .^ „ , AVERY General Agent.
ceeaoics.s.co. ggsKss
a S ALAMSDA. for Honolulu. Dec.19.11 a.m.
s' a' SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Dec. 31, 2 p.m.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for TmalU. Jan. 6. 1304,
4j!ffi£CaEK4B33S.C8,l 1 *J..rxfctKSi.B4J Saraa
fratfttSaja BarbtSUftrli. IJizhlL
COMPAGSIS 6EKS2ALS TRAN3ATLANXI33!
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS
bailing every Thursday Instead of «Mgg»
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 4-. «—-—-«-
North River, foot of Morton street.
First -class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. *fc and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CA\\PA 32 Brcadwav (Hndaon Building).
New Ycrk. jT F. FTGAZI & CO.. Paciflc Coast
Agents. 5 Mcntscmery avenue. San Francl3co.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Kara XaUnd ana VzXimio SteanTg.
Steamer GEN. FRIS3IE or MONTICELLO—
943 a m.. 3:15 and 8:no p. m.. except 8undar.
Sunday. 8:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leav» \allejo.
7 a. n>.. 12:30 and 6 p. «.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Far. 50 cent* TeU
Main 1508. Pier 2. lllsslcn-st. dock. HATCH
Positively Retiring
i From Business *
Look at our window display for prices. Our
immense stock must be sold without reserve.
LIPPITT & FISHER
945 MARKET ST. Opposite Mason
...Open Evenings...
DR. PIEBCE'S REMEDIES.
oJ^^iy !^fi' g;ows dull. There is
no exception is na-
ture to the rule that beauty depends on
health.
Women who see their beauty waning
Vzrely associate the external change
fsHore of the womanly health.
They do not understand the close rela-
tion of the general physical health to
»¦ the health of the delicate woaxanly or-
gaaisa, nntil after being cured of wom-
s.dv diseases bv the use of Dr. Pierce's
Favorite Prescription they find the color
returning to the cheek aad the flesh to
the body. . .
«• Favorite Prescription " establishes
Tejr^iarity, dries weakeniag drains, heals
inflammation and •ulceratzoa and cures
fexnale weakness.
«• Several veors ajo I was • rry poorly," writes
Mra. May fcell^T. of Sylvia. Kans.. "so weak I
could hardly wallc across the floor. *ad at times
rrfFered severely. I took two bottles of Dr.
j»ierc-'» rsvorite Prescription and gxxt well aud
Jurdy — Raised twe!re pounds in two months
and was the picture of health. Your medicines
hsre cured me. Almost everybody I meet savs.
• You look «o isuch better than you bare tor
KTcrs.1 years ; you look well now.' "
* Favorite Prescription " makes weak
Trotaen strong, sick women well. Ac-
cept no substitute for" the medicine
which works wonders for weak women.
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets are a
ltdy's laxative. Nothing equals them
for gentleness aad thoroughness, y '--.j
Telling the truth: SchiJHnrjV
tea baking-powder ' spiers
eoGTee f-.var.r.; extracts tcda
contribute to comfort and save
money.
iUirylici; at your jry.er'i. -,.
Mi I mmilk ¦¦<¦< il m* turn nh i fljnl IfilbXlb
FREE TO CALIi WANT AD-
VERTISERS.
A SALT AXD PEPPER
SHAKER
FREE TO EVERY
"WANT" ADVERTISER
IN THE CHRISTMAS CALL.
Each and every want adver-
tiser in the Christmas Call will
be presented with this very at-
tractive novelty, which is of
handsome appearance, highly
nickel plated and made with a
very pretty celluloid band. It
will certainly prwe a useful
household utility.
This premium can only be ob-
tained by bringing" a "want" ad.
for Insertion in the Christmas
Call. It cannot be secured hi
any other way.
— — , ADVERTISEMENTS.
Of course you know about the celebrated Hawes $3.00
Hats, but perhaps you did not know that we are sole
agents in San FYancisco and Oakland.
You can pay $5.00 for a hat and be no better satis- -' '¦
fied than with a Hawes for three.
Just received some new shapes in both soft and
derbies for the Christmas trade.
Why not one for some friend ?
If in doubt about size, we will issue an order.
Other Hats for Giving
The Keller $1.95 Hats — new lot received only yes-
terday.
The Keller $2.50 Hats—new shapes in these also.'
Stetson Hats at $4.00 — Five dollars is the usual
price, but ours is always four. v
Open evenings until Christmas. . j
(0281030 MARHET STREET SAN FRANCISCOyears..
The experiments are being carried on
at Tulare by Professor Samuel Fortier
and A. P. Stover of the agricultural
department. In brief, they consist in
growing crops and irrigating them in
large receptacles so> that the effects of
the -water on the soil and growths may
be noted.
There are some eighteen of these re
ceptacles, which are about two feet In
diameter and three feet deep. They are
BERKELEY, Dec-. 18.— With the idea
of assisting the farmers of the San
Joaquin Valley to get better results
from their holdings, the irrigation ex
perts of the University of California
have begun a series of of_ experiments
to determine the. effects of Irriga
tion on the soil of that region. The soil
of a large portion of the grain-growing
section is becoming worn out from tuc
cessive crop raising so that it does not
now produce profitably as in former
LONDON, Dec .19— The Daily Mail this
morning: publishes an unconfirmed statement
that the War Office is preparing a- scheme tor
tbe compulsory military training: of all males
between tbe ages of IS and 22 years. -
Death of a. Well Known Musician.
SAN DIEGO. Dec. 18.— Charles O.
Fosgate, a weir known musician, died
In this city this evening. V ¦".'•'-.
DETROIT, Dec. 18.— John Kernell,
the veteran Irish comedian, who has
been, lying; at death's door, at Grace
.Hospital all week, died to-day.
Irish Comedian Succumbs.
I Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday, . December IS.
_ Stmr Pasadena, Raemusaen, 34 hburs from
Eureka. • , ' ••¦'
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sail** Dec IS— Br bark
Forfarshire, from Port Hadlock, • for South
America. : -; •¦• '. '.' • ; «.:- .:, ¦ - .:»¦ •
ABERDEEN— Arrived : Deo ,18— Stmr . Santa
Monica. :- hence-' Dec 14.'jSsn4MHBtfbBaMnBMM
•POKTiBLAKELEY— Sailed rDec 18— Fr" ship
Alice,' tor Delagoa Bay.
Carnegie's Art Adviser Dead.
LONDON, Dec. 18. — Charles Mac-
Bride,- the sculptor", who was Andrew
Carnegie's art adviser, Ms .dead at
Edinburgh.
Pyrography outfits and things to burn.
Art material department. Sanborn, Vail
& Co. - •
PARIS,; Dec. slS. — The reports that
War Minister Andre had announced
the restoration of Dreyfus to the army
are manifestly untrue. The case Is
now before the special commission of
judges, which has not' concluded Its
sessions and -has not rendered a' de
cision. The War • Minister has hot
made any announcement on the sub
ject.
Dreyfus Case Not Settled.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 18.— Frederick P.
Earle, a native of London, died at
Escondldo, in this county, to-day, aged
83 years. He was a brother of the
Right Rev. Alfred Earle, the present
Bishop of Marlborough, England.
:-,^-r ¦ — i
Frederick P. Earle Passes Away.
- H. !H. Thompson, a prominent mer
chant of Tacoma, is at the Occidental.
A. ";h. Naitzger, president of the
Fruit Growers' Association of Los An
geles, is registered at the Palace.
John Finnell and his son, Simpson
Fennel!, the well-known ranchers of
Tehama County, are at the. Palace.
Dr. and Mrs". C." A'. Mayland of San
Jose "arrived at .the Palace "yesterday.
The 'doctor has Just returned front the
East.
Avery D. Andrews and J. L. Drake,
who are connected with the asphalt
trust in "Philadelphia, are registered at
the Palace.
'.. PERSON AL.
Army orders': Captain Elmore F.
Taggart, quartermaster, will proceed
San Francisco for temporary duty
as assistant to Major Carroll A. Devoid
The following named officers will re
port to Lieutenant Colonel George H.
Tforney, deputy surgeon general, presi
dent of the examining board at the
Presidio of San Francisco, for^exami
nation for advancement: First" Lieu
tenant George P." Peed, assistant sur
geon;-First Lieutenant Henry D.
Thomason, assistant surgeon.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 18. — Postmas
ters commissioned : California — Nels
A. Thompson, Newman. Washington
— Olive B. Rauch, Fidalgo; Joseph B.
Prosser, McCain.
Fourth-clas3 postmasters appointed
— Carl Brand, Belmont. Whitman
County, vice Hamilton B. Merrill, re
signed. ' .
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
. The Supreme Court yesterday de
nied the appeal of Henry E. Melone
from the order admitting the will of
Drury Melone to probate. He argued
that the time and plane appointed for
proving the will of the deceased had
not been properly published. Sarah
Melone was the defendant in the case.
Denies Henry Mclone's Appeal.
OAKLAND. -Dec. 18. — The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: William
Tucker, over 21. and Lillian Hacker,
over 18, both of San Francisco; George
W. Little, 23, and Caroline. M. John
son, over 18. both of San Francisco.
31arriage Licenses.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 18. — Albert Vic
tors, a prominent merchant of Ala
meda and . one of the best known
members of the German colony of
this city, died to-night at his home,
1018 Paru street. Deceased was a
native of Germany and leaves a" wife
and four children.,
Prominent Merchant Dies.
OAKLAND, Dec. 18. : — Judge Green*
to-day granted the request of Harney
Beckwith to have set aside a default
judgment entered against him in a d>
vorce begun by Matilda Beckwith. He
stated that he was in Alaska at the
time the, case was called. ;
Divorce Set Aside.
CHICAGO, Dec. 18.— For an alleged
breach of contract to produce certain
plays, the W. S. Cleveland Amusement
Company has brought suit for 5100,000
damages against Nance O'Nell, the San
Francisco actress, McKee Rankin, her
manager, and two other members of
her company. It is charged by. the
plaintiff that the Cleveland Company
expended $10,000 in preparing ; scenery
and costumes required for four plays
which Rankin, on behalf of Miss
O'Nell, agreed to produce for at least
thirty days at the Cleveland Company's
theater. . It is charged that the refusal
of the defendants to live up to their
contract resulted In the closing of the
Cleveland Theater, causing a loss to the
amount of* damages called for In the
suit.-,- ' ; ';¦:
Chicago \ Theatrical Wants
$100,000 From Actress for an
Alleged Breach of Contract.
NANCE O'NElIi 6UED
FOR HEAVY DAMAGES
BERLIN. Dec. 18. — The report pub
lished by the Journal of Paris that the
Princess Charlotte of Saxe-Meningen,
sister of Emperor William, is suffering
from cancer and that the verdict of
the physicians had created.consterna
tion in the German court, is officially
defined as "nonsense." The Princess
is not even III. V
Paris Report Regarding the Illness of
Princess Cliariottc of Saxe-Men- .
ingen Is Officially Denied.
SISTER OF TI1E KAISER
NOT A CANCER SUFFERER
Henry Kyd Douglas was born in
.West Virginia September 29, 1840, and
was the son of a clergyman. He en
tered the Confederate army as a pri
vate and rose rapidly to the command
of a brigade. He was at various times
assistant adjutant general to Early, J.
B. Gordon, Pegram, Johnston and oth
ers. He commanded the Light Brigade
from Petersburg to .Appomattox. This
was the brigade that fired the last shot
at Appomattox and was the last to
stack arms. During the railroad strike
in 1S94 he held the rank of major gen
eral, commanding the Maryland troops.
He was a lawyer by profession, and
had been a Federal Judge. ...
HACERSTOWN, Md., Dec. IS.—Gen
eral Henry Douglas, "Stonewall" Jack
son's chi£f of staff during the Civil
War, died at his home to-night, aged
63 years. A. general falling of health,
including mental troubles, was the
cause of his death.
DEATH'S CALL
SOUNDS FOR A
NOTED SOLDIER
the Oregon Penitentiary.
SALEM, Or., Dec. IS.— Governor
Chamberlain yesterday received a pe
tition for the pardon of Frank Mc-
Cann, who Is serving a sentence of
nine years in the penitentiary upon a
conviction of assault with a deadly
weapon upon David Halliday at Grants
Pass, September 20, 1902.
The petition is signed by prominent
men In California, including Governor
Pardee, ex-Governor Gage, the Secre
tary of State and many other State of
ficials and citizens of Santa Rosa, Cal.
McCann, who is aged 60 years, and
Halliday, a comparatively young man,
became engaged 'in an altercation,
which resulted in the latter being shot
by McCann. The ball did not pene
trate a vital spot and Halliday recov
ered. McCann. aa well as the petition
ers for his pardon, claim that the act
was done in self-defense, as the ac
cused was about to be attacked by
Halliday. who. It was alleged, carried
a knife in his hand.
The petition is supplemented and
Btrengthend by a personal letter from
the wife of McCann, who pleads his In
nocence of the crime for which he was
committed. ;
Efforts Arc Being Made to Secure the
Release of Frank McCann From
GOVERNOR PARDEE SIGNS
A PETITION FOR A PARDON
The Southern Pacific Company will
soon proceed with some very important
Improvements in Oakland. The settle
ment of the condemnation suit brought
by that company against Mrs. Gretch
en Feldman, by which the company se
cured possession of two square blocks
of land at Fifth and Cypress streets,
will enable them to carry out some
plans they have had In contemplation
for two years.
The freight yards of Oakland are to
be located upon the property that was
acquired by this suit, and a large
freight depot will be erected at that
point. This will cause the abandon
ment of the freight yards at Sixteenth
street and at the foot of Market street.
The yards at ¦ Sixteenth street "are a
source of a great deal of annoyance to
the passengers who take the trains at
that point...
When the new*, freight yards have
been completed two new depot build
ings will be erected, one at Sixteenth
street and one at the foot of Broadway.
The depot at Sixteenth street i3 small
and old and dirty and is out of keeping
with the importance of a city of the
size of Oakland. At. the foot of Broad
way, there is no depot at all, and the
passengers for points south of Oakland
wait In a small store which is occupied
as a depot by the company.
It Is expected that the coming year
will see the completion of work that
will be of great advantage to the. city.
Oakland Offlce v San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 18.
BAKERSFIELD, Dec. 18.— Charl#s
Young, a merchant, had a battle early
this morning with two^burglars In the
basement of his residence. He wound
ed one of the burglars in the leg with
a rifle and the second burglar fired
three shots at Young without effect.
Both of . the burglars escaped In the
darkness, one of them groaning with
pain.
The matter was reported to the Sher-"
Ift's office and within an hour Under
Sheriff Baker had located Roy Lampert
as one of the burglars. Lampert was
found In bed In a house in the red light
district "with a rifle ball In his leg. He
owes his life to the f-act that the bullet
struck the butt of his pistol, as other
wise it would have entered his abdo
men. Lampert claims that he was
alone when the burglary was attempt
ed, but the tracks around the house
show /there were two men.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 18.-sAfter a
session of more than flve hours the
Coroner's jury called together for the
purpose of investigating the killing of
Joseph and Louis Choisser last night
by Detectives Hawley, Murphy and
Cowan rendered a verdict to-night of
Justifiable homicide. The jury was
composed of prominent business men.
The testimony given by the three offi
cers tended to show that the Cholssers
opened fire upon them without a mo
ment's hesitation and that they used
their revolvers to protect their own
lives.
J. S. Atkinson, who occupied a room
next to that of the Choissers, and who
made a statement this morning that
the dead men were not armed when
they were shot, did not appear to tes
tify "before the Coroner's Jury. Mrs.
Louise Falrchild, a cousin of the dead
men, told the Jury of the good charac
ter and standing of Joseph Choisser in
Equality, 111., where he had resided for
many years, and that to her knowledge
he had never committed a crime.
EQUALITY, 111., Dec. 18.— Joseph
Choisser, who with his son was killed
at Los Angeles, Cal., was a fugitive
from Justice, having purchased a lot of
mule* and horses in Hardln County,
Illinois, and given in payment alleged
worthless checks for J1800, drawn on
the Bank of Eldorado, 111., for which
¦warrant , hid been issued for his ar
rest. It is T alleged that Choisser
shipped the mules to East St. Louis,
sold them, wired the Bank of Eldorado
to pay no more of his checks, and de
parted for. Calif ornia," taking his son
with.' hlmV The* warrant for his arrest
was in the hands of the Sheriff of
Hardin County when his arrest was or
dered by wire. He had always borne
a good reputation for square dealing
! and his family stands high in the com-
Bakersfield Merchant Fights
Two Midnight Prowlers in
Basement of His Residence
Southern ' Pacific Company to
• 3Iakc Some Important Im
provements in Buildings
NORFOLK, Va., Dec. 18.— A success
ful, trial of a flying machine tias been
made near Kitty Hawk, N. C. by Wil
bur and Orvllle Wright of Dayton,
Ohio. The machine flew for three miles
in the face of a wind blowing at the
registered velocity of twenty-one miles
an hour, and then gracefully descended
to earth at the spot selected by the
navigator. The machine has no balloon
attachment, but gets its force . from
propellers worked by a small engine.
Preparatory to its flight the machine
was placed upon a platform near Kitty
Hawk. This platform was built on a
high sandhill, and when all was In
readiness the fastenings to the machine
were released and It started down an
Incline. The navigator, Wilbur
Wright, then started a small gasoline
engine, which worked the propellers.
When the end of the Incline was
reached the machine gradually arose
until it obtained an altitude of sixty
feet. In the face of the strong wind
blowing it maintained an even speed of
eight miles an hour. The Idea of the
boxkite has been adhered to In the
basic formation of the flying machine.
A huge framework of light timbers thir
ty-three feet wide, flve feet deep and five
feet across the top forms the machine
proper. This Is covered with a tough
but light canvas. In the center is the
navigator's car, and suspended Just be
low the bottom plan Is a small gasoline
engine, which furnished the motive
power fcr the propelling and elevating
wheels. There are two six-blade pro
pellers, one arranged Just below the
.frame so as to exert an upward force
when In motion, and the other extend
ing horizontally to the rear from the
center of the car, furnishing the for
ward impetus. Protruding from the
center of the car is a huge fan-shaped
rudder of canvas, stretched upon a
frame of wood. This rudder is con
trolled by the navigator and may be
moved to each Glde, raised or lowered.
Coroner of Los Angeles Holds
Inquest in Cases of Father
and Son Killed by Officers
RIFLE BULLET
HITS BURGLAR
THREE DEPOTS
FOR OAKLAND
Flying Machine at Dayton,
Ohio, Makes Good Speed
Against Very Heavy Wind
JURY JUSTIFIES
THE SHOOTING
ILLUSTRATIONS SHOWING HOW EXPERIMENTS TO TEST THE
VALUE OF IRRIGATION ARE BEING CONDUCTED BY EXPERTS
AT THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA;
AIRSHIP THAT
HAS NO BALLOON
filled with soil taken from the grain
fields that have almost ceased to pro
duce. Six of them are planted with
wheat, six with barley and six with al
falfa.
The receptacles will be irrigated with
different portions of water. For in
stance, one will receive nothing only
the natural rainfall, which is estimated
at six inches for the section; another
will receive four inches, another eight
inches, anothc twelve inches, another
sixteen inches, another twenty inches,
all in addition to the regular rainfall.
The soil filling these tanks is from
fields that last year only yielded from
a sack to two sacks of grain an acre,
whereas in former years, before it was
worn out, it yielded from fourteen to
sixteen sacks. This poor yield was. ob
tained without irrigation, that is, with
the natural rainfall, but it is thought
that with more water the soil may, be
made to be more productive.
The experiments have an important
bearing on the dry farming of the
State, where millions of acres are cul
tivated without the aid of irrigation,
the farmers trusting entirely to the
rainfall. In San'Joaquln County alone
last year 400.000 acres were farmed
without receiving much rain. The
yields are becoming less and less
profitable every year on account of the
decrease per acre, but by irrigating it
is possible that the land may be made
to yield more.
Suttcliff and Tighe were taken into
custody at €3S Clay street, and Attridge
at 101 Ellis street. Sutcliff was forcner-
Jy employed at the Union Iron Works
and Tighe, who Is a waiter, claims
that his father Is a cancer specialist
at Twenty-third and Chattanooga
etreets. Attridge is a cook's helper and,
according to tbe detectives, has been
a. race track tout.
During the six weeks that the officers
have been on the case they have se
cured every coin that has been passed
by purchasing them from the receivers.
Callan is supposed to be an old hand
at the business, although young in
year*, and recently came here from Se
attle, where he was employed by A.
Hunbach. None of the men arrested
are over 30 years of age. Tighe is a
member of the Waiters' Union. No. 30,
and Attridge of the Cooks' Helpers'
Union, No. 110. They will be transferred
from the City Prison to the County
Jail to-day and taken before Commis
sioner Heacock for examination.
Three volumes entitled, respectively,
"A Counterfeiter -Foiled," "Roguery of
a Counterfeiter" and "A Lady Shadow'*
•were also brought to light, but it is not
believed that the reading of this se
ductive literature was primarily re
sponsible for Callan's advent into the
business.
Last evening Hazen, Foster and Mc-
Manus swooped down on Callan's room,
at 563 Mission, and placed him under
arrest. A search of the room brought
to light a heavy iron chest in which
were concealed all the appurtenances
essential for the operation of the un
authorized mint-
necessary to insure a # conviction. A
complete outfit containing everything
essential to the manufacture of spu
rious coin, from a furnace to a pair of
gold scales, was found in the room of
Cailan, 5G3 Mission Street. He was the
prime mover in the scheme. In addi
tion about $200 In counterfeit halves
was also secured.
About six weeks ago information was
received by Secret Service Agent Hazen
that a number of spurious half dollars
were being passed on the Geary and
Sutter street cars. T. B. Foster and T.
n. McManus vrere detailed on the case
and in a short time discovered who were
the culprits. Every movement of the
"four men was watched day and night
'. and it was soon ascertained that Callan
. was the manufacturer of the coin.
He was exceedingly wary and from
Ms actions showed that he feared that
he was being shadowed. Day by day
the detectives kept up their shadow
work and soon found where Callan was
buying his metal. So shrewd was he
that he would often double on his
tracks to ascertain if he^ was being
followed, and on one occasion led his
pursuers a merry chase over the sum
mit of Telegraph Hill. Suttcliff, Tighe
and Attridge were not even aware of
the address of their chief and were
compelled to be content with passing
the money on a commission of 13 cents
on the half dollar.
Callan, after manufacturing a batch
of coins, would destroy the molds, and,
on December 2, at First and Minna
gtreets, dropped several of them in the
eewer, where they were subsequently
recovered by the detectives, by the aid
of a lantern and ladder. The quartet
worked under cover of darkness, and
Callan would meet Suttcliff and Tighe
In a resort at C38 Clay street, where
they would be supplied with the
counterfeit money. Attridge, who had
sportier inclinations," " frequented , a
saloon at 101 Ellis street and Callan
nightly met him there. "During the six
weeks' investigation the detectives
never for a moment lost sight of their
men and often went without sleep and
food.
With the arrest last night of Charles
W. Callan. George Tighe, Charles Sutt
cliff and John Altridge by Secret Ser
vice Operatives George W. Hazen, T.
B. Foster and T. It. McManus, a quar
tet of clever counterfeiters has finally
been run to earth and for their efforts
to wax rich by actively, engaging in
the manufacture and distribution of
counterfeit half dollars a long term in
the penitentiary stares them in the
face.
Great cleverness was displayed by
the officers in securing the evidence
In reference to the proposed statue
of Junipero Serra, which James D. Phe
lan has promised to contribute. Mr.
Lloyd suggested that the foundation
should be of stone taken from the site
at Monterey where Father Junipero
Serra first landed in California.
The commission gave a vote of
thanks to William Greer Harrison for
a f.nc Specimen of graphite from
Xome. Reuben IT. Lloyd was thanked
for the . gift of a medal which was
struck to commemorate the cession of
New Amsterdam by Holland to Eng
land. These articles go to the memo
rial museum.
It was reported that three coyotes
had been killed in the park during the
last week. It appears that coyote pups
are brought to town as pets, and when
found to be uninteresting are turned
loose in the park to subsist on quail
and rabbits. ' Word comes from the
Spreckels ranch near Gilroy that six
pheasant.hens and a rooster have been
trapped. The birds will be placed in
Golden Gate Park. The Commissioners
will, not meet again until next year.
On motion of Commissioner Lloyd,
seconded by Commissioner Altman, the
subject was referred to the City Attor
ney. The right of the Board- of Super
visors to lease property that has been
reserved as public squares will be de
termined. Steps may be taken to se
cure money collected under such lease.
TJie Commissioners propose to utilize
the Bum of $2300 given to the park by
Mrs. William McCauley in building a
stone gateway at the Haight-street en
trance. Mr. Altman was requested to
confer* with John McGillvray and ascer
tain the best that could be done for
the sum at the disposal o^ the commis
sion.
In the matter of the two blocks bounds
by Channel. Hooi>er and Irwin streets on the
north and south and by FJfth and • Hudson
street* on the eaatand west, referred to your
pecr^tary for Investigation as to -heir present
Condition I will report that these two lots
•re deslirnaTed -market places an<i are now
partly occupied by the San Francisco LAimber
O.iiriDany who obtained a flve years' lease,
which expires January ». WO*. ** P er resolu
tion 2200. They pay $155 per month rent into
the hands of the Mayor, who deposits .that
amount In the treasurv.
The said market place lots are now In
cluded In the lease granting certain lands In
the city and county or San Francisco to the
Bay Fhore Railrond Company for terminal
purposes by the Board of Supervisors tor a
certain period and at a certain rental per
annum.
• 'A meeting of the Park Commission
was held yesterday afternoon at the
office of A. B. Spreckels, president of
the board. The secretary having been
instructed by the board to make In
quiry concerning the occupancy of
lands reserved for park purposes, pre
sented this report:
One of the most significant things in
railway operations for the last three
years has been the marked and gen
eral advance in rates. Such* Increase
applies in almost all sections of the
country and to many of the most im
portant kinds of traffic. These increases
are general and they amount In the
aggregate to an enormous sum. The
effect of these advances has been to
correspondingly increase the tax laid
upon the general body of producers and
consumers In this country for the bene
fit of the owners of railway property.
The commission refers again to the
evils resulting from excessive payments
by railroad companies for the use of
private car?, particularly those owned
and controlled by shippers, and recom
mends that the payment of car mileage
for their use be regulated.
Fcr the year ending June 30. 1903, S21
passengers and 3233 employes were
killed in railway accidents, and 6973
passengers and 39.004 employes injured.
The appalling loss of life and property
in collisions is noted,' and the commis
sion urges the desirability of the in
troduction of tho block system. /
The gross earnings of railway* for
the year ending June 30, 1903. were
$1,890,150,679. The gross earnings for
the previous year were $1,726,380,267.
"WASHINGTON. Dec. IS.— The seven
teenth annual report of the Interstate
Commerce Commission, transmitted to
Congress to-day, says in part:
The preliminary income account for
the year ending June 30, 1903, shows
railway returns for 201.457 miles of line,
which is approximately 98 per cent of
the entire mileage in the United States.
Gross earnings for that year amounted
to $1,890,150,679, or $9382 per mile of line.
Operating expenses aggregated $1,248,
520,483, or' $6191 per mile, leaving net
earnings of $641,630,106, or $31S5 per
mile. Fifty-three million dollars In,
taxes is not Included 1« this statement
of operating expenses. Compared with
the previous year, the net earnings are
greater by some thirty- four millions
and stock dividends are greater by
nearly ten millions. In 1897 the gross
earnings averaged only $6122 and ope
rating expenses $4106 per mile of line.
PURPOSE OF ELKIN'S LWV.
The report discusses at length the
El kins law. The Commissioners say
that the original law, the act to regu
late commerce, embraces two distinct
objects, or seeks to correct two kinds
of railroad abuses: First, to secure
the publication of tariff rates which
shall be just and reasonable and free
from discriminations: and second, to
compel carriers to observe the tariffs
so published without variation or ex
ception. It continues:
"Broadly speaking, the latter class of
offenses only are affected by the Elkins
act, the provisions of which are mainly
designed to prevent or more effectually
reach those infractions of law, like the
payment o? rebatea and kindred prac
tices, which are classed as misdemean
ors. Under this amendment the rail
way corporation itseif is liable to prose
cution in all cases where Its officers and
agents are liable under the former law.
Thi3 change corrects a defect which
has always been a source of embarrass
ment, because it gave immunity to the
principal and beneficiary of a guilty
transaction. It 1* believed that much
benefit will result from the fact that
proceedings can now be taken against
the corporation."
BIG ADVANCE IN* RATES.
Bert Ross killed Deputy SherifT Wil
liam J. Ward of San Diego County. The
crime was committed on tht steamer
Santa Rosa at Port Harford. Rc-ss had
committed a burglary in San Diego and
Ward was bringing him to San Qudti
tin to serve four years. Wbi.e on the
boat at Port Harford pier the officer
and his prisoner were in <i stateroom.
Rosy took a water bottle and struck
Ward on the head and escap?d through
the window. Owing to a sixt*>n-nouna
Oregon boot he was unablj t> swim
and clung to a pile until Sheriff Ivan
of San Lois Obispo County captured
him. Ward died about ten 'Iay3 after
ward. .
.» Ross was tried, convicted and sen
tenced to nans. He arrived at San
Quentin in March. 1899. The case was
appealed and a new trial granted. He
was found guilty on his second trial.
The case was taken to the State Su
preme Court several times and to the
United States Sunreme Court once.
Ross had wealthy relatives in the East
who spent fully $10,000 trying to save
him. As a last resort Rev. Father Egan
appealedfto. Governor Pardee last week,
setting forth, reasons for a commuta
tion of the sentence to life imprison
ment. The chief executive, however,
failed to intervene and the condemned
man ultimately became resigned to his
doom. Rons had a bad record. Tears
ago he was an inmate of Folsom prison
for burglary under the name of Bert
Holden. He was buried in San Rafael.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, Dec. 18.—
"With deliberate tread, Bert Ross, the
niurderer of Deputy Sheriff Ward,,
mounted the scaffold at San Quentin
prison this morning and met hi? dojm.
Ross was perfectly resigned to his
fate. He walked up the thirteen steps
unassisted and as the noose was be
ing placed over his head exclaimed,
"Gcd have mercy upon my soul, a mis
erable sinner."
Very few people witnessed the execu
tion. Ross entered the death chamber
at 10:30 o'clock. He was attended by
the Rev. Father Egan of San Rafael
and Rev. Mr. Drahms, the orison chap
lain. The trap was sprung at 10:23.
Ross fell 5 feet 6 inohes. Durinz his
fall through space Ross clasped his
hands in prayer. After the Jrop his
body moved convulsively. Dr. T. B.
Barney of San Francisco, Dr. Hyde,
the prison surgeon, and Dr. R. F. Casey
of San Francisco pronounced Ross dead
at 10:43. No relative of the condemned
man was present at the execution.
Operations of the Criminals
Were Extensive and Officers
Secure All of the Bad Coin
Gift of $2300 From Mrs. Mc-
Cauley .Will Provide Stone
Gateway at Haight Street
More Than Three Hundred
Passengers and Three Thou
sand Employes Killed in Year
Belatives of the" Doomed Man
Spend a Fortune Trying to
Save Him From the Scaffold
CITY COLLECTS THE BENTS
PBAYS FOB FORGIVENESS
SECUBE COMPLETE PLANT
APPALLING LOSS OF LIFE
South Side Lots, Beserved for
Park Purposes, Are Leased
to a ' Lumber Company
Bert Boss Is Executed in
San Quentin Prison for Mur
der of Deputy Sheriff Ward
Interstate Commerce Commis
sion Reports Upon the Con
dition of Traffic Corporations
Secret Service Operatives Bun
to Earth a Bold Gang
of Clever Counterfeiters
SUPERVISORS
MAY EXPLAIN
BOGUS MONEY
MEN IN JAIL
MEETS DEATH
WITHOUT FEAR
RATES ADVANCE
ON RAILROADS
TH£ SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SATURDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1903,
Irrigation Experts of University of California Begin Ex
periments to Determine Effects of Various Degrees
of Moisture on the Soil of the Affected Region
ARIDITY ROBS SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY OF PRODUCTIVENESS
4
I2JEW ADVEETISEMEITTS.
A CLE&IfIT
Twentieth Century Ideas Incline Toward
Sanitation and Preventives.
Nowadays scientists believe that: in
cleanliness lies the secret of prevention
of diseases.
To prevent a 'disease.' remove the cause.
Just as unclean habits breed many dis-
eases, so careless habits will breed, dan-
druff. Improper use of another's brushes,
combs, etc.. will surely cause dantirunV
ar.d. in'* time," will Just as surely cause
baldness. '
It's microbic infection, nothing more
nor less.
Xewbro's Herpicide kills the dandruff
serin and causes hair to crow luxuriant-
ly. Herpicide Is absolutely free from
grease or other injurious substances.
Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c in
stamps for sample to The Herpicide Co.,
Detroit, Mich.
ADVEBTISBME1TTS.
Soap for toilet, nursery,
jsk i - ; - i! 'EJPflffl9*iBftj*W3ffi~J3Ki
bath and shaving, j Match- y
less among all soaps in
the world for t4ese pur-
iold all orer the worldSeventeen Pupils of St. Mary's Cathe
dral Receive Their Diplomas.
The Sunday school festival and
graduating, exercises of St. Mary*«
Cathedral were held Thursday night at
Lyric Hall. The ' hall was crowded
and an excellent programme was ren
dered. Seventeen young ladies re
ceived their diplomas. They were
Miss Margaret Reilly, Miss Gertrude
Winthrope, Mis3 Isabella McDonald,
Miss Kathleen Horgan. Miss Amy
Buckley, Miss Mary Sands. Miss Gert
rude Tautphaus. Miss Kathleen Stack,
Mis3 Nellie Rlckards. Miss Mary Mur
ray, Miss Constance Rosetti. Miss
Olive Heffernan. Miss Katie Kelly.
Miss Katie Mann. Miss Rita Coleman,
Miss Adele Henry and Miss Lillian
O'Connor.
Miss Mary Sands was the valedle
torian.
Rain Falls Xorth of TchachapL
The rainfall was general in North
ern California yesterday, but there
was no sign of the needed showers in
the south. 1 In San Francisco the rain
fall was .35 of an inch and in Red
Bluff .3S of an Inch. It is predicted
by Forecaster McAdie that the weath
er will be showery to-day north of
Tehachapl.
lecture and they were accompanied by
Invited friends. A luncheon was •riven
to a class of eight graduating students
by their companions and a very pleas*
ant afternoon was spent. '
The faculty of the school was In
vited to be ,present at the arfhress of
Miss Peixoto. To-day the Atalanta
Athletic Club of the Girls' High School
will' hold their jinks, which will he
strictly private.
Ethel Heffernan, Margaret Knabenschuh.
Marguerite Mahoney. Mabel McDonnell. Enid
Root. Annie Hurley. Philip Eldridge, Harold
Percival and William Ortcn.
Other graduates of Miss O'Loughlen's
class were:
Eda Halbretter. Edna Hoadley. Irene Head
ley. Hazel Jones. Rose KochenJcrfer, Julta
Mor.son. Lily Belle Mosebach. Annie North.
Hazel Ostrarder. Becky Sterling. Emma Wil
liams. Frances Lange, Annette Smith. Carallle
Beaudet. Raymond Bowley. Prosper Forest.
Harry Gunnlson. Eugene Hawley. Alfred Hous,
Carl Riedy, Howard Van - Orden. - ¦
CELEBRATE AT GIRLS' HIGH.
The students, of the Girls' High
School signalized the closing, of the
half-yearly term yesterday by listen
ing to an address by Miss Jessica Pelx
otto. who was specially invited . to
speak to the scholars.
Miss Peixotto delivered an interest
ing address on "Russia," which she
visited recently. She dwelt on the
home life of the educated classes and
the methods of living and the treat
ment of servants.
More than 600 students attended the
tion of mejtlf, Dr. .W. B. Howard; salute to
the flag; "Star-Spangled Banner."
The music was under the direction of
Miss E. N. Booth.
Following is the list of honorary
graduates of M. E. Casey's class:
George Fanning. Carrie M. Bair, Anna M.
Barrett, Cecilia M. Boock. Anna J. Braese.
Julia I.. Grenirger, Rose Magidson, Grace E.
Montell. May K. Montgomery and Ethel N.
Wiggin.
Other graduates of Mr. Casey's class
were:
Lcttie M. Belt. Gertrude S. Binet. Ella May
Crowhuru. Juanita L." Ecfentein, Clarita M.
Game, Grace M. Garthorne. Irene E. Grady.
Irene Pearl Kitch. Annie E. ¦ Mitchell. Mattie
I. Moore, Klla M. Mulhaupt. Elva 11 McLean
Ethel M. O'Ccnnor. Ullie C. Ohlman. Mabel
O'Reilly. Camilla I. Southard. Percy E. Arm
strong. Wallace ¦ C. Collins, Carl'ton K. Cook.
Fted R. Hadk'y. Amos Heister. Gail C. Larkin.
Standkh L. Mitchell. William DeK. Smith. Ed
ward F. Sullivan and Lyman G. .Thompson.
The honorary graduates of iliss
O'Loughlen's class were:
Dr. Nieto's Interesting Sermon.
The Rev. Dr. Xieto delivered a pro
found sermon at Congregation Sherith
Israel last night. Dr. Nieto said the
Jews had upheld trie spiritual Idea be
fore the whole world and that the
spiritual is yet to come, but could not
be won by armaments, or by cannon,
but only through and by the soul. He
asked who more than the Jew had
gone forth in the cause of charity?
And, he said, had not the Jew been
handed over to the infuriated popu
lace to murder? Had not the Jew
been handed over as. the sacrifice, and
had he not been blamed for every
body's sins. He asked who more than
the Jew had suffered in this world, yet
who more than he was^ entitled to be
called the servant of the Lord? Chris
tianity, he said, accepted their Bible
and Christianity was founded upon it.
Buyers of Christmas Presents
Should visit Andrews Diamond Palace,
221 Montgomery St.. under Russ House,
and see large stock of diamonds, watches
& jewelry at lowest prices. Open evgs. •
Erwln's Successful Lecture.
James W. Erwin delivered another,
of the series of his illustrated lectures
before the members of the California
Camera Club and their friends last
night at the Alhambra Theater. Not
withstanding the rain the house was
filled and the lecture, which was de
lightfully descriptive, and the stereop
tlcon views won the highest admira
tion and applause. During the inter
mission the Hawaiian Quintet ren
dered several specially selected songs
of the islands. One of the numbers,
"Aloha Oe," composed by Queen
Liiiuokalani, was encored.
We carry a complete stock of them.
Every instrument guaranteed. Kirk.
Geary & Co.. 112 Geary street •
Give Her a Kodak.
The Palais de Costume at the St.
Louis fair will show the dress cos
tumes, house furnishings _ and, to a
certain extent, the manners of various
periods in the history of man. '
We are selling agents for fountain
pens that will fit your hand; cost from
$1.00 to $5.00 each. Sanborn, Vail & Co..
741 Market street. •
Those of the very admirable organiza
tions which have had their children's
yuletide feast of fun and frolic are:
Stanford Memorial Free Kindergarten. No. 1.
1012 Mason street, whose principal is Misi
Coilyinorc : Stanford No. 2, 4252 Twenty
fourth street, which is under the direction uf
Miss Ada E. Moore; Stanford No. 3, 457 Ninth
street, MlfS CVlia Daly, principal; Stanford
No. 4. 2SS0 Sixteenth street. Mis* Mary P. Mc-
Cormlck, i>rincipal; Stanford No. 6, ;123S Mis
sion street. Mi*s Maude Llwak. principal-
Hearst Free Kindcrsarten, No. 1, 560 Union
street. Mis* Cora B. Griffin. principal;
Hearst No. 2, SCO Union street.
Miss Frances Anr.e Field. principal"
Hearst No. 3. 5C0 Union street. Miss Glftard,
principal; Hearst No. 4, 5*50 Union street. Mfe*
Ebba Johnson, principal; Hearst No. 5. 5€0
Union street. Miss Mabel Reed, prlnoloal;
J. Sheldon Lux- Potter Free. Kindergarten, No
1 and No. 2, ICO West Mission street. Mrs.
Alexer.a Roberts, principal; Merchants* Ex
change Free Kindergarten, corner of Seven
teenth and Noe streets, Miss Corlnne Gyl»,
principal: Lester Norris Memorial Free Kind°r
parten. 12S7 Pacific street. Miss Gertrude
Hussey, principal; Pcpe Free Kindergarten. i.'l
Ninth street. Mies Anna Angel, principal; Two
Friends* Free Kindergarten, 10IS Folsorn
street. Miss Gertrude Thompson, principal; T.
Fuller Shattuck Jr. Memorial Free Kinder
garten. 1CU West Mission street. Miss Xena
Roberts, principal: Emily P. Walker Memo
rial Free Kindergarten, T21 Ninth street. Miss
Anna Angel, principal; Ofgoed and Grace
Bradley Memorial Free Kindergarten and J.
C. Wllmerdlng Memorial Free Kindergarten.
9-34 Harrison street. Miss Helen T. Bacon,
The Golden Gate Kindergarten Asso
ciation's little scholars have enjoyed
holiday exercises this week, and have
been the recipients of Christmas boxes.
What is more and of greater import T
ance is the pleasant fact that the little
ones have given presents to their par
ents and to the directors and teachers
of the kindergartens, wrought by their
own tiny hands.
Each kindergarten has had its
Christmas tree and the presents of the
children have been purchased from do
nations contributed specially for the
purpose by the generous supporters of
the juvenile organizations. All told,
there are about 1000 children attending
the kindergartens.
The directors and officers were much
delighted at the exercises, as they
heard the songs and the recitations,
and noted Jiow neatly each of the 1000
little ones was attired and the excellent
deportment in all instances.
Children of Golden Gate Kindergarten
Association Exchange Presents.
ENJOY- CHRISTMAS TREES.
Attorney General Webb, in response
to an inquiry from the Board of Rail
road Commissioners, has rendered an
opinion to the effect that the board
has no jurisdiction over stage roads.
In support of his opinion Attorney
General Webb Quotes section 14 of the
act of the Legislature organizing the
board and defining' its powers, which
reads:
"The term 'transportation com
panies' shall be deemed to mean and
include: First — All companies owning
and operating railroads (other than
street railroads) within this State;
second — all companies owning and
operating steamships engaged in the
transportation of freight or passen
gers from and to ports within this
State; third — all companies owning
and operating steamboats used in
transporting freight or passengers
upon the rivers or inlani ..aters of
this State."
Informs Board of* Railroad Commis
sioners It Has Xb Jurisdiction
Over Stage Roads.
ATTORNEY GENERAL WEBB
GIVES IMPORTANT OPINION
A rumor was revived around the City
Hall yesterday that School Director
Mark intended to resign from his of
fice if he can make sure of appoint
ment by the Board of Education to
the principalship of the Girls' High
School, from which Professor Elisha
Brooks desires to retire. The wise ones
further say that either D. J. Oliver Jr.
or Albert Armstrong is slated by May
or Schmitz ftrr appointment io the va
cancy created by Mark's probable res
ignation. Oliver is an official in the
Order of Woodmen, while Armstrong is
head of classics in the Mission High
School.
Mayor. Schmitz said, when asked as
to the rumor, that he had not heard
of Mark's prospective resignation, nor
had he considered Oliver or Armstrong
as candidates for a School Director
ship. Mark himself laughed at the idea
of his rumored Intention.
The opinion, however, strongly pre
vailed around the offices cf the School
Board that if arrangements could be
made for Mark to succeed Brooks as
principal of the Girls' High School
both would resign their respective po
sitions to consummate the deal. Brooks
stated a month ago that he had no
immediate intention of resigning. It
was paid then that Mark wanted the
place. It Is believed that Brooks will
not sever his connection with the School
Department before the end of the school
term next Junei
There will be another vacant princi
palship to fill as soon as Miss Rose
Thayer, at present principal of the
Chinese Primary School, carries out her
announced intention to resign'her po-
Eltion in the department. Miss Thayer
contemplates an Eastern trip, and her
friends hint that she will extend it to
the matrimonial state.
Among the applicants for the prin
cipalship are Miss M. V. Arnold and
Miss J. E. Greer,' teachers in the Chi
nese Primary School; Miss Martha Gal
loway, teacher in the Cooper Primary;
Mrs. F. Qulnlan, teacher in the Fre
mont Primary, and Miss Agnes Mc-
Laughlin, teacher in the Jefferson Pri
mary. The appointment will not be
made until Miss Thayer has actually
resigned, which she may not do until ,
next month.
3Iiss Rose Thayer of Chinese
Primary Soon to Sever Her
Connection AVith Department
TWO CANDIDATES IX LINE
The following is a list of the gradu
ates: Aileen Allen. Ruby M. Canham,
Edith M. Caubu, Alice Rosemary Con-
Ian, Rowena M. Cox, Gertrude E.
Klemm, "Sylvia.* Mac Kresteller, Ger
trude I. Leonard, Evelyn C. Lyman,
Helen I. Macauley, May G. McKeon,
Ethel M. Morey. May M. O'Callaghan,
Alice M. Pollard, Elizabeth C. Prentiss,
Mabel I. Fridel, Helen E. Ward, Ethel
M* Young. George E. Bennett, William
R. Cobb, J. Rothwell Pemberton.
March, niano. Miss Blanche Price; address,
Cecil W. Mark, chairman of the evening: tenor
solo (selected), William M. Oeilvi*, at the
piano Rcy Barrett Kay; flute sdIo iselected).
Miss M. B. Ludlow, piano Miss Blanche Price;
yoprano solo. •'Summer" (Chamlnade). Mrs.
Florence Wyman Gardner, piano Miss Blanche
Price; Elks'. Quartet Selections) — William M.
Ogilvle (first tenor). J. H. O'Brien (second
tenor). J. C.. O'lionnell (barytone), Roy Bar
rett Kay <oass); aildrejs and distribution of
diplomas, Thr.mas P. Woodward, president of
the Board .of Education.
Thomas P. Woodward, president of
the Board of Education, presented the
sheepskins and made an address. He
said California was noted for its
production of fine fruits, minerals, etc.,
but that It also raised another distinct
ly different crop — young men and
women. "You people of the Mission,"
he said, "should be proud of this prod
uct you see before you here on the
stage. We have raised this product
through the primary and grammar
schools and later through the High
School, and have turned out into the
world this excellent aggregation of
young folks." He spoke of the un
tiring zeal manifested by the gradu
ates in their course of study and com
mended them on their success.
The programme was as follows:
On the stage sat the graduates, thu
faculty and members of the Board 6t
Education. The stage presented a pret
ty effect with its neatly-gowned girls,
each dressed in white and wearing a
white bow of ribbon in her hair. The
young graduates carried large bunches
of flowers and the platform had the
appearance of a flower garden, rather
than a stage.
< The boy3 were; plainly in the
minority, there being but three of
them. % All of the. graduates' bore a
happy expression, glad that they were
about to be honored for their several
years ' of hard study, happy because
they were about to embark on a career
"of deeper learning, having completed
their academic course of training.
An excellent programme was ren
dered, every number being hailed with
applause. Encores were numerous, the
audience seeming not to tire in the least
of repeated rendition of the fine musi
cal numbers.
The December class of the Mission
High School held its graduating ex
'ercises last night in the High^School
building, on the corner of Dolores and
Eighteenth streets. Eighteen girls and
three boys received their diplomas.
The large auditorium of the school
was crowded to the' doors with an en
thusiastic mass of mothers, fathers,
brother?, sisters and friends of the
young people who have just completed
their high school course. The room was
artistically decorated with a profusion
of ferns, greens and flowers. c
Rumor That He "Will Quit
Board if He Can Succeed
Brooks in Girls' High School
principal.
Among those who took an active ir
terest -at. the Hearst "Kindergarten
yesterday morning were:
Miss Clara Fitch, Mils Mary Brown. M *
Louis Sloss, Mrs. Louisa Greenwald, Mrs. Lfo
Slcss. Miss Man- Weygant. Mrs. G. Frleoe
mann. Mrs. W. Wright, Mrs. Norris Da\;s.
Mrs. Silas Palmer. Mrs. A. B. Field. Mrs. E.
A. Cunningham, Mrs. I. Burke. Mrs. E. M.
FerKtieon. Mra. E. R. Benres. Miss Anna E.
Angel and Miss Anna M. Stovall.
' OVATIOX FOR GRADUATES.
Exercises of Denman Grammar School
Scholars Delight Large Assemblage.
Flowers In abundance, pretty
sketches on the walls, music in profu
sion and the brightest gatherings char
acterized the 1903 graduating exercises
at the Denman Grammar School yes
terday.
Every student was at her best and
Principal Azro L. Mann was Justly
proud of the manner his pupils acquit
ted themselves throughout the exer
cises.
Miss Mary Pasmore. violinist; Miss
Susan Pasmore, pianist, graduates of
Denman School, and Miss Dorothy
Pasmore, cellist (of the seventh grade),
gave some delightful instrumental se
lections, and Miss Louise Swanberg's
recitation in French revealed a pro
nunciation of the language which was
remarkable for its purity. Miss Swan
berg was rewarded with volleys of ap
plause, having shown quite a dramatic
power in the recital.
The distribution of medals was nat
urally a part of the programme which
was certain to prove of the greatest
interest and as each successful student
came forward and received her honors
from the hands of T. L. Heaton. her
happy schoolmates were ready with an
ovation.
ADDRESS TO SCHOLARS.
The graduating exercises were in the
following order:
Mr. Heaton delivered an address in
which he spoke of the sweet music of
the laughter which he had" often heard
from the girls, which showed the pure
spirit and the pure heart. Mr. Heaton
spoke of the enjoyment that was to be
found In the right activity of the mind,
the mind that was not perverted.
There was, he said, a distinct pleasure
in doing what was right, in devotion to
duty, and he desired to impress the
view that every one must choose the
highest ideal and must not be diverted
by pleasures of a lower standard.
One who sought only his own pleas
ure, he said, got weary of life, but to
the one who had noble purposes, who
sought the spiritual pleasures, content
ment and happiness came and sat day
and night.
Mr. Heaton said that the purpose in
life of all should be to develop them
selves to the utmost In thinking of oth
ers, and though there may be shadows
come across their paths they would be
happy in pursuing that course.
He reminded them that if they found
life worthless it would be their own
fault, for the darkness, he said, was
for those whose eyes were closed and
for those who looked down. Life, too,
was only drudgery if they made It so,
for there was no drudgery only in the
mind of those that conceived it. He
': advised his young friends that when
ever they sav a duty in their path that
had to be performed It were well for
them to make up their mind to enjoy it
by putting into it their whole life and
soul. His experience had made it clear
that only laggards disliked study. In
concluding Mr. Heaton alluded to the
advantages that the students enjoyed
at the Denman School, naming art, lit
erature and music, which he said were
carefully and vigilantly taught by Prin
cipal Mann. He wished the graduates
godspeed through life.
Principal Mann and Miss Jessie Smith
after addressing the graduates were
given an affectionate ovation.
GRADUATING EXERCISES.
Greeting, spring chorus: instrumental music
by the Misses Pasmore; class recitation "Re
ce'sional"; "Lift Thine Eyes"; "The Angel";
remarks by Louise Swanberg; "Star of Home";
"Rock-a-by"; distribution of medals; the
Misses Pasmore. instrumental music; original
conundrums; "Had I Wings of a Dove"; sere
nade; valedictory by Stella Sherman; dietcibu
tion of diplomas; ••The Lost Chord";" "Amer
ica"; remarks by Principal Mann.
The medal girls of Miss Smith's B
eighth grade were:
Stella Sherman, Martha Dale. Lily Holmes,
Blanche Beleney. Edith Nolan. Geneve Shaffer,
Lenore Turman. Mab:l Pilster. Ophelia Da
vison. Hazel Roct. Louise Swanberg.
MAY GAIX HONORS.
The graduates of Miss Smith's B
eighth grade were:
Olivia Austin. Susie Bean. Blanche Elmire
Beleney. Hazel Helen Cohn. Ophelia Carrie
Davlscn. Martha Anita Dale, Cecil Anabol
Doggett, Alice Marie Ferein. Ssl'.na Elizabeth
Feely. Phyllis Fairweather. Elsie Catherine
Fitzgerald. Elizabeth Fitzsimmons Irene Cath
erine Gooiban. Carrie Maye Greasier Hazel
Hiller. Lily M. Hoimes. Helena May*Hoppe.
Eiythe Beatrix Johnson, Victoria Habnemann
Agnes Kast. Aimee H. Kaufman. Addie Ea
telle Knower. Annie Wayne Lindsey. Slgrid
Nielsen Edith Isabelle Nolan. Mabel J. Peter
zon Mabel Meta Pilster. Hazel Lona Root.
Mary Cornelia Rogers. .Stella Sherman. Anna
Louisa Swanberg. Magdalena Louise Strelff.
Geneve Lucy A. Shafer, Pearl M. Thomas,
Lenore Dorothy Turman. Edna Agnes Thomas.
EVERETT SCHOOL CLOSES.
The closing exercises of the gradu
ating class of the Everett Grammar
School were held yesterday afternoon,
when the following pupils received di
plomas:
William KueKS. Edna Wollweber, James Ar
nott. Alfred Bonner. Alice Holland. Gertrude
Wi'.helm, Ellen Gustafson, Esther Helin. Leola
Suilivan, May Hallahan. Park Bovyer. Haul
Jenkir.5, Margaret Stewart and Herbert Scott.
The Bridge medal was awarded to
William Ruegg and the Denman medal
to Kdna Wollweber. .
The following programme was accept
ably rendered by the pupils:
"Old Flap Forever," scne by class: piano
solo May Hallahan: violin solo. Esther Helln.
accompanied by Alice Holland; recitation,
Ellen Gustafson: class scne: piano solo.. Mar
trut-rite McPherson; recitation, Emma Balllie;
piano solo, Margaret Stewart.
HORACE MANX SCHOOL.
The graduating exercises of the Hor
ace Mann Grammar School were held
yesterday. The following programme
was rendered:
Opening chorus. "Praise Ye the Father";
recitation. "The Two Roads," Prosper Forest;
class sons, ."Our Country"; composition, "His
tory of Our School." Standish Mitchell; piano
duet. "Sunflower Dance," E. Halbrltter. E.
Heffernan: class «onjr, "Birds of Spring"; reci
tation, "A Complaint." Anna Braese; vecal
du<>t. Mitchell and Robert Sachs; recitation.
"Character of Eloquence.'.' -Oeorge Fanning:
vocal duet. Prosper Forest, Howard Van Orden;
distribution of diplomas, Rev. Dr. Simmons;
vocal quartet. Grace Garthorne, M. Knaben
schuh. Edna Ucadley, Irene Hoadley; dlstribu-
December Graduation Exercises Are Celebrated in
•Various Places of Learning and Many Boys
and Girls Are Presented With Their Diploma-:
YOUNG PEOPLE COMPLETE
THEIR SCHODL COURSES
MARK WOULD
BE PRINCIPAL
Excursion Rates to Sunny Paso Ro
bles.
During the holidays the Southern Pacific
will se'.l roundtria ticket* to Paso Robles for
enly $" 20. thus placing it within reach of all
to i«.s« Christmas and New Tears at perhaps
the most delightful place in California. Pure
mountain Air. glorious sunshine, hot baths of
medicinal water cr mud. finest drives * In th»
State through scen>ry unsurpassed, and Hctel
El Paso Robles. with its faultless f?«vice and
cuisine, combine to make your visit most en-
Joyabie. Ful". information of ticket agents. •
The first installment of Christmas
gifts for Lucien Coullin, the little
leper boy, now at the Twenty-sixth
street Hospital, arrived yesterday at
the Health Office. . Every year charit
ably disposed people gladden the heart
of the unfortunate leper by presenting
him with little tokens, for which he is
deeply grateful.
Christmas Gifts for Leper Boy.
F. W. Dohrmann. as toastmaster, in
troduced the subject of Herder by
some allusion to the life of the great
man whose eminence has been acknowl
edged by the German people by the
raising of a monument at Weimar.
Mr. Dohrmann said that Herder was
poor; he was bom of poor parents, in
a poor province, and his youth was
surrounded by poverty. He upheld
morals and high idea's all his life,
at a time when the Influence of the
courts ol Louis XIV and Louis XV
were felt in Europe. At the age of 15
years he saved from his scanty earn
ings enough to buy candles and books
and he studied at night. Only five
years later, at the age of 21, he had
developed so deeply and widely that
he was the instructor of a prince, which
showed what could be accomplished by
self-denial, determination and a reso- :
lute spirit.
Mr. Dohrmann repeated the judgment
passed by Herder upon Benjamin
Franklin, which reflected light also
upon Herder. The poet considered Ben
Franklin a wonderful man, distin
guished by simplicity, a sense of or
der, clear- insight, naturalness, wit and
humor. Herder's prophecy concerning
the progress of art, science and litera
ture in America was also quoted. Her
der, alluding to Bishop Berkeley's fa
mous prevision, said that the fifth act
of the drama of civilization would be
played in America, and that .it would
be on a hieher plane than the four
preceding acts that had been played in
Europe.
Charles Bundschu prefaced his poem
by saying that Herder's family seal
had the alliterative words "Light, love,
life," upon it, surrounded by an end
less sr.ake in a circle, the symbol of
eternity. On the stoneplate that marks
the soot in Weimar where Herder's re
mains found eternal rest this simple
epitaph has also been inscribed. It
joined In its holy trinity the fundamen
tal harmony of his life, work and ex
istence. Some extracts from Mr. Bund
schu's poern as translated are as fol
lows :
Not as a roet, powerful and potent.
Did Herder ssrak to our German race.
But deer, resourceful, asrlous as a thinker.
His voice ranr forth In ev'ry nation's praise.
CUar-Eiin-led and deep-hearted he devoted
His nenetratinr search to problems rare.
His lofty erlrlt brought of glorious bounty
To all humanity a lasting share.
When fombfrnes! still clouded his »urround
tns*
And German id*as were still much confined.
His messages and teachings showed the cenius
And all the splendor of a master mind.
H» held the torch cf genial knowledge higher
Than many others with prophetic sight
Until he raised historian, poet, teacher
For mankind an Immortal flame of light.
He stood in Weimar near and next to Goethe
And also near to Schiller"* srowlng fame.
His. festering powers stimulated either
Ar.3 strengthened them la their Illustrious
al=a:
Therefore tc-d*y we let our memory wander
To him. to Herder, who so bold and bright
Stands forth in Jove, for ev'ry race and nation
As one ereat human and Teutonic light!
Julius Goebel of Stanford Univer
sity spoke upon Herder as the investi
gator and philosopher, and Dr. Profes
sor Carl Schilling considered Herder
and the folk song.
men der Volker in Liedern," with mu
sic by the tuneful Schubert. There
were also other musical seceltions. An
anthem was suns by Herr G. Brenner,
with chorus by the company. The two
folk songs previously mentioned were
sur.g by Martha Goettig. A chorus by
Mozart, "Bruder Reicht die Hand zum
Bunde," was given by the company.
Herr Brenner sang Schubert's "Erlkoe
nig" and Mozart's -In Diesen Heil'gen
Hallen." Charles Bundschu recited
•Edward," and also a selection from
"Der C5d." All the songs and recita
tions and speeches were in the German
language, so that the entire atmosphere
of the occasion was sympathetic with
the purposes of the celebration.
A STRENUOUS CAREER.
JOHAXX. GOTTFRIED KERD
ER. THE FAMOUS GERMAN
POET AND PHILOSOPHER.
On the programme were the words of
some cf the sonss written by Herder
that were sung to the company by lo
cal vocalists. Among these were "An
rechen voa Thoreau" and "Roschen
acf <2er Keide." the latter from Her
der's most popular work, the "Stim-
I'r^siient David Starr Jcrcan. President E«?r.
iam'.n He Wh**ler. Dr. H. H. B«hr, Professor
Julius Goet<?!. Professor and Mrs. Carl Schill
ing. Mr. ar.d Mr*. F. \V. Dohrmann. Mr. and
Mr*. Charles Bund?chu. Colonel and Mrs. E. A.
i>»r.;rkr. Jir. end Mrs. Fred Hess, Rev. and
Mr? J. Fueru3*>!'.ns. Mr. and Mrs. William
Wolff. Dr and Mr*. F. Fehleiten. Mrs. Blanca
Psulsen. Mr. and Mrs. K. Pchild. E. Kollo
irath. Mrs. T. O. M'fgcner. Mrs. Charles Dai-
M:*» Dulsenbcrg. Miss Bun<5
m ta. Dr. and Mrs. Krctosryner. Ed
vrarJ Kru«>. Mr>. L.. GcttSr. Mi*-s Goutjr, llr.
ar.d Mr*. Clans Schilling. Miss B<x5e Dr Max
UtSBW. J H. AnkeJe. Christian Schulr. Dr.
Kti! "U'ack. Mr. r.r.d Mrs. B. Brorcm*!. Max
&ch2=idi. Dr. Caataw Dres«l. Miss Helece Dre
pel. Dr. A. TVilhf-lnu. <-"orn=icxiore I. Guite,
nearr R Oanfltfh. C E. Bun-lschu. Mr and
Mrs. Jules Fay. Carl L'hlis. Profesi=cr and Mr*
JaoutKS Loeb. Professor and Mrs. Henry
Sf-npor. Profe«-scr ar.d Mrs. Carl Plehn. Profes
kt »r,J Mr*, a. B. Clarp. Professor and Mrs.
A T. Lar.se, Professor Slate, Rev. M Ongerth
Dr. F. Mot-. Professor J. O. Griffin, Professor
r.r.4 Mrs. Ben Weed. A. Bohr.ke. Emil J. Wie-
Ian4. Xiisr Wi»land, Dr. and Mrs. G. Gutsch
Dr. and Mrs. II. Kreutzmann. Mr. and Mrs E
L Hester. MImm Heuter. Robert Capclle. Mr
rr.d ilrs. Gt-cr^e F. Vcllunann. Dr. and Mrs C
R-r.z. Mr. and Mrs. E=iil PohJi, C. M. Volk
tr R », rn J! D T * <:hau - M^ Techau. H. von Kon
t*T. M. Btrshetm, M/. ani Mrs. William Hess
aJr. and Mrs. G. Brenner. Dr. and Mrs K*
P-schrl. Mrs. A. Franklin. Hermann Glauch."
Professor C. Paschal!. Professor and Mr* H
homer. Prrfesscr L. T. Her^stler P*-o'ewr
S2 M^_ V -'» H " Mat '^-- and WrV W
The Fan Francisco celebration origi
nated with Professor Julius Goebel of
Stanford I'r.iversity. He early found
cetive co-operation on the part of
Charles Bundschu of this city. A vol
untary committee undertook the task
of organizing B Herder celebration. F.
W. Dohrrnann, one of the regents of
the T'niversity of California, was se-
I^rtei to preside as toastmaster. The
university men were strongly repre
sented, as will appear from the list of
those who were invited to take part.
This list included President David
Starr Jordan and President "Wheeler.
ar.d a long array of professors and per
«'->r.s kr.own in public life. The list Is
as follows:
COLLEGE MEN NUMEROUS.
All over the world, last evening.
wherever there is a German city or
<lerrr.r.n colony or any considerable
number of erudite Germans, similar
exercises occurred. The illustrious
Herder shared the rate of myriads of
srreat men who have attempted to do
something beyond the common under
standing. At first he was neglected.
His writings were considered to be
merely ephemera!. Later the great
Goethe, the author of "Faust," the
German Shakespeare, was proud to
mention that he had been a disciple of
Herder. The scope of Herder's mind
became apparent after a time. He was
the son of poor parents. Poverty and
adverse circumstances early drove him
to Introspection and to solitary- com
munion v.ith naturt. and thus favored
a more than proportionate development
ft the sentimental and poetic side of
his mind.
He became renowned as a poet, as a
metaphysician, as a speculative phil
osopher, and has been credited by some
with being the originator of the theory
cf evolution. From this brief reference
It will be teen that his appeal to the
consideration cf posterity is based prin
cipally upon broad German scholar
ship. Naturally enough the leaders in
commemorating his memory all ovtr
the world yesterday were the studious.
With choice German song and with
",-orcs of echolariy appreciation the
one hundredth anniversary of the
Ceatf) of the creat Gorman writer, Jo
hann Gottfried Herder, was observed
in this city last evening. Prominent
German Americans were in attendance.
Thr observance took on the customary
fnm <<f a hanquet v.ith speeches. The
programme was enlivened by songs of
• rorrr.an composers, some of which were
?t? to the. words cf the poet Herder.
The event took place in the rooms of
the Merchants" Club.
TH£ SAN FRANCISCO CALL, - SATURDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1903.
Admirers of Famous Author Pay Tribute of Their
Love and Respect to Genius of Illustrious
Writer of Folk-Lore Stories and : Verse
GERMAN CITIZENS HONOR
MEMORY OF POET HERDER
youxg girls graduate: i
5
' SEE THE PICTURES
"A LITTLE TRAITOR TO
THE SOUTH."
That Splendid New War-
Time Comedy Witfi the
Tragic Interlude, the
Strongest Book
Ever AVrit-
CYRUS TOWNSEND BRADY.
CHRIST3IAS CALL
NEXT SUNDAY
Bryson's "Decorating" Free With The Christmas Call Next Sunday, Order Now,
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
feU l?8» eSA Mm lH PI a V n H I
I 1 if I 1 ! in f\ H J
ARROW'kAND I S^^^^^^M
Makers of Cln'ett and Monarch Shirts |j '' ""."". "¦***"" y^J^^» «¦
X •ttdrtli ALWAYS Ofl TIME
MWiB& B Jjsa mf\ A . for Christmas or any other occasion
ggm jMSfjQNB^Spr TffcBEy linen handled here is delivered wh«a
m ~*\^^^ l 7~L :n . ;2fr 5 I wantei! and as wanted — in perfect condi-
¦ m T& MB 4T*S J ¦ tion as to cleanliness and finish— th*
f~S fP ff*, W%> J^^ ' shirts f.t about the neck, collars and
¦¦¦•^Jfc^*^*^^** cuffs are r.ot rivals of saws and th»
Guaranteed Pure* | !Si rk .& * eneral ls pleasln * to the ertt "
None 3o # Good, «?SdSS ask mo _^ r lMS? Na
Sold Etiffwfoni. ' UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
****KnummammtKB^^nmmg8} pncn» souts 430. »
YnTtfc.n lib ii wtTA m im " -I P* Bg
ADVEBTISE3EENTS.
SHREVE & CO.
MANUFACTURERS.
. . IMPORTERS OF . .
Precious Stones
Gold and Silver Smiths
POST End MARKET STS.
| OPEN EYEKIKGS
] mil CHRISTMAS
l M
For Stomach Disorders
Cout and Dvsoepsia
DRI.N*
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
A. VluNIEB CO., San Francisco.
,( jbHitiHfl m CBra4taSTATCCBEn.CuB>
/» PTrlliH K i»»«-d. lU*i:h rr^or^i. At-
II \ 5 K n*i II l.i'i.»n««rr«Br». I*tfc~rtiJ.»
fc* • W ¦ IIIIBII ar T.rfcerr. No farther n«e4 o.'
r t^ini>#i Book 60 FREE. K»«y vr**. alUbns*
AAfciuudEa/ferer. P. EjltcIa Hay—. BnfflOq ».T, jFIGHT OVER
M ARE ISLAND
':. \ Our, frame ia showing 1 .new
linesof frames In gilt, Qak;andart nou-'
veau finishes. Good for Christmas,- San
born, Vail & Co. i •••;• -
• John. Kelley. was bound over, to trial
before" the; Superior Court by; 1 Judge
Conlan yesterday on a {charge of rob
bery : and his <• ball . fixed). at $2000. The
Judge asked him if he wished to make
Judge Mogan yesterday held Joseph
Kloess-for trial in the Superior Court
in bail of $1000. on a charge of grand
larceny. Two months ago Kloess was
broke and homeless and met Frank
Adler, a sailor from the United States
revenue cutter Thetis. Adler fed him
and took him to his room to spend the
night. Kloess arose earlier than the
Jolly tar and left without awakening
him. With hfm went $86 which Adler
had in his pockets. During the pre
liminary examination the attorney for
the defendant while crossrexamlning
the complaining witness asked him if
he had taken any drinks on the day he
met Kloess. "Yes," answered the wit
ness. "How many?" queried the attor
ney.. "Oh, about twenty," was the an
swer. "I thought so," beamed the at
torney. "Now, was this beer and whis
ky or mostly whisky?" "Neither," an
swered the tar, "it .was lemonade. I'm
a temperance man and never .took a
drink of intoxicating liquor in my life."
The attorney gulped a. couple of times
and ' finally managed to ejactulate,
"That's all." "•
Joseph Woods wanted a pair of trou
sers. He had one pair, but he wanted
two, so that while he wore one he could
have the crease in the other pair prop
erly maintained. As he wandered past
a second-hand store on Mission street
a pattern that, suited his fancy was
dangling from. a hook. and he took thp
garment unto himself. He was con
victed of petty larceny in Judge Mo
gan's court yesterday. and will be sen
tenced to-day.
The Mining and Scientific Press re
ports that the Alaska " Development
Company has struck its second flowing
oil well on its land near Catalla, oppo
site Kayak Island; Alaska," and that the
company has built a 1000-gallon. tank
near the wells and will run a pipe line
to the drilling^ plants,, so that oil may
be used under the boilers instead of
coal. Three other concerns. have drill
ers at work in the Kayak country, these
being the Cudahy Packing. Company,
the Alaska ' Petroleum and Coal Com
pany of Seattle and'Chanslor & Can
field of California.
The trial of James G. Fogarty,
charged with clubbing Sol Levitus, one
of the strikers of the Cloakmakers'
Union, bn Taylor street on December
5, . was commenced. A number of
witnesses were examined and the fur
ther hearing was continued till Tues
day, night. . . urV
Joseph E. Bennett was dismissed
from the department by a vote of 3
to 1, Commissioner Reagan voting no.
Bennett- was implicated with .ex-Ser
geant Wolff in accepting money from
Simpson & O'Neill, saloon-keepers,
Seventh and Mission streets.
claimants. The protestants named aro owners
of the Lcralne group of claims and -.he |:rot»st
is filed on the ground of an alleged conflict or
the McKli ley claims with those of ilie Lomine
group. Th» conflict* as alleged cmhrwus 1W.5
acres and refers especially to the Kuby. Garnet,
Jasper^ Pony, Iron Cap, Spring Gukh. Coll
Springs. Copley. Trail. Sunny South and BTozen
North locations o^ the McKinley ¦ ;?roup. The
claims comprising the L»oralne. prroup owned
by the prcUstants are the Central, Last Chin C e.
Grey Eagle, Old Man, Oregon. Kiriet, Clue
Mountain, Copper Hill, Crown, Loraine, Nora.
Cottonwood and Green Mountain. The matter
will be carried to the Superior Court for set
tlement. • : , ¦ .
.Captain W. A. Nevills. the well
known .mining man and capitalist,
called the bluff of one John N. Ross,
attorney and- collector of bad debts,
at a meeting of the Police Commis
sioners yesterday afternoon.
Nevills was a witness in the. case of
Charles D. Long, charged with fleec
ing laboring men. Long conducts an
employment bureau and is alleged to
have had a habit of sending men to
people, who did not want them, In or
der-, to get their fees.
Ross, Long's attorney, and the min
ing man engaged in a wordy war and
nearly came to blows as a result.
Nevills did not seem to frighten at all
at Ross" ta^k. Long claimed that
Nevills sent, for the laborers and the
fact, was vigorously denied by the
mining man. .
Little of note was accomplished at
the trial. • '
Collector of Bad Debts Falls tb
Frighten Mining Man With Ills
Talk of Fight.
CAPTATN' NEVmLS CAIjL,S"
BLUFF OF ONE JOHN ROSS
Judge Cabaniss fairly beamed with
th» spirit of holiday beneficence yes
terdav. It was manifested in his own
court* first when two old-timers, Julia
Burns and Jane Donahue, appeared to
answer to charges of vagrancy. The.
two poor old wrecks fully expected
sentences of three months at least in
the County Jail, but the Judge let them
go with a ten-days* sentence, which
under the law will allow their release
Monday. At this unexpected leniency
they fell Into each other's arms and
wept. When they went back to the
prisoners' bench they poured forth a
torrent of thanks upon the merciful
dispenser of justice, and as they were
led away a chorus of "GOd bless you.
Judge" floated back through the cor
riclors. • Then the Judge rushed over
to the court-room of Judge Fritz, who
is ill. and found Mary Donahue there
awaiting judgment for having disturb
ed the peace of her landlady, Mrs. Mc-
Donald, at 120 Eighth street.
Jklary is another old-time offender
that goes on the warpath when she
looks upon the wine. In her mind's eye
she saw the gloomy portals of the
County Jail closing behind her. An
other package of mercy was handed
out, however. Mary was told to go
and sin no more. She promised to find
new lodgings. John Mullins likewise
escaped punishment under the pro
vision that he would take an oath not^
to drink intoxicants for the space . of
one year, which he readily did.
"Remember the night before election, 1
Jedge," asked Mullins after this little
difficulty had been adjusted, "that I
met you on the corner and shook hands
with you?" The Judge remembered.
"At that time, if my recollection serves
me properly, you j 'accompanied your
greeting with the query as to whether
I had the price." added the resourceful
jurist. "Oh, no, Jedge, not that time.
I had money in my pocket that night."
Judge Cabanlss apologized and Mul
lins, taking a glass of water from the
judicial tumbler, went out into the mist*
to battle for a twelvemonth with his
thirst. . •
The Thirtieth Infantry, which arrived
from Manila last Tuesday, was paid off
yesterday at the post and joy reigned.
In all probability the regiment will de
part for its respective posts on next
Tuesday or Wednesday.
| Lieutenant Colonel T. F. Davis and
Major George R. Cecil, both of the Thir
tieth Infantry, are the guests of Major
William Stephenson at his hospitable
quarters in the post proper, while
awaiting their departure with their reg
iment to the East.
Lieutenant Alfred C. Arnold left last
night for Vancouver Barracks, Wash
ington, in charge of twenty-four artil
lery recruits who will be mustered into
the service at that post.
Lieutenant George B. Sharon of the
Thirtieth Infantry, who was placed un
der arrest for a breach. of regulations
just before reaching port on the trans
port" Sherman, has been released. "
The Presidio Officers' Club has elected
the following officer's to serve during
the ensuing year: Captain Ira J.
Haynes, Artillery Corps; Captain
/3eorge P. White, quartermaster; C*p
taln F. E. Johnston, Artillery Corps;
Lieutenant B. R. Camp, Ninth Cavalry,
and Lieutenant O. G. Collins, artillery.
The present secretary, Lieutenant W.
A. Covington, Artillery Corps, will re
main in office until February. .
Captain A. W. Chase of the paymas
ter's department has arrived and has
reported at headquarters of this de
partment.
transport Thomas, which is
scheduled to sail on January 1 for Ma
nila, will carry two- troops of the Sec
ond Cavalry, members of the hospital
anfl signal corps, besides a number of
detached officers and a few casuals.
The two troops of cavalry will come
from Fort Sheridan." The remaining ten
troops of that regiment go out to the
Philippines orr the transport . Kllpat
rick, sailing'from New York. " ..,
Yesterday's^ storm caused disappoint
ment at' the * Presidio! where two jj fine
games of J baseball, had been arranged.
The Fifteenth Infantry team from Ord
Barracks, which has been, the guest of
the post for a week, expected to play
against the "Tenth .Infantry in the
morning, and in the afternoon they
were to have crossed bats with the
crack Presidio post team. The games
will be played to-day if the weather
permits.
The Presidio post team will go to San
Jose to-morrow morning to cross bats
with the All-Professionals, who are now
wintering in that city.
Captain Marcellus G. Sprinks, who
has been ordered to report to the pay
master of this department, Is expected
to arrive soon. He will proceed to the
Philippines in February.
On December 28 Captain G. P. White
will sell at public auction at the' post
a big lot of condemned quartermasters'
supplies. This will include tentage,
tools, halters, harness and a large
amount of miscellaneous articles. It
will" be one of the largest sales that
has taken- place at the post for many
months. . ¦.
AN • OFT-HEAfcD ANSWER. V \
Where' did he get the money to make
good the scholarship, and felloTwshlp
funds_as they became due? That ques
tion ;stumps every_ one. connected with
Nor did Mr. Herr believe that thjp
financial system of the university was
either antiquated or defective. No sys
tem could be perfect, he opined, unless
ft is operat<?<l by an honest man under
the supervision of honest men.
In the fixinsr of blame for McKowen's
defalcation the auditor does not spare
the scholarship donors who made their
checks payable to him personally, in
5tf-ad of following the usual course of
sending the money to the treasurer and
obtaining his receipt for it.. As the gen
eral fund is thus placed in the hands
of the treasurer, and is thoroughly
safeguarded, Mr. Herr does not believe
that McKowr-n pilfered any of that
fund, but confined his -stealings exclu-
Fively to the scholarship and fellow
ship moneys and;mcdical school fees.- *
• But that theory d^es not explain how
McKowen managed -to pay .in the
scholarship and .fellowship funds "as
they became due and still contrived tb
embezzle at least $20,000. . -,
The auditor's last report was submit
ted to the finance committee on Jan
uary. 2f>, 1903. and it approved all the
books and vouchers examined by him.
But It has been ascertained that Mc-
Kowen presented no account of the
scholarship cr fellowship funds or the
medical college fees, so that the audi
tor, had no opportunity to ascertain
whether those items of income had
been honestly handled.
It has been discovered, also, that the
auditor repeatedly expressed a desire
to examine the university accounts
every three months instead of once a
year, and that he had been prevented
doing so by McKov.en pleading inabil
jtr to have his books ready for inspec
tion.
Yet the auditor never suspected that
McKowen was dishonest, but attrib
uted hif delay in getting ready for in
spection to the. fact that he kept all the
bonks himsolf Instead of intrusting the
task or any share of It to a subordi
nate.
Auditor J. J. Herr's arrival from L03
Angeles was one. of yesterday's inter
esting developments in the investiga-"
HCn'of Secretary William A. McKow
en's wholesale embezzlement of State
University funds. For many years Mr.
Herr has audited the secretary's ac
counts and reported his findings to the
finance committee of the Board of Re-;
gents, and it was confidently expected
that his presence at the university,
would serve to bring £o light the exact
amount of McKowen's peculations and
his method of pilfering. But from those
two very Important points there has
been no lifting of the haze by Mr. Herr.
Accompanied by President Wheeler
End Chairman of the Finance Commit
tee Foster, the auditor spent about
two hours inspecting the books at
which Norman McLaren and his assist
ant are so. industriously probing, but
at the conclusion of the inspection Mr.
Herr's report was a repetition of the
old story: • • •
"We must wait for the findings of the
experts."
From his cursory examination, how
ever, the auditor \ras inclined to be
lieve that McKowen's total shortage
Trill not turn out to be as much as $40,
000, the estimate of Regent Britton.
McKowen's own estimate of $20,000 is.
according to Mr. Herr's opinion, nearer
tie actual figure.
WORK OF THE AUDITOR.
He Believes That Amount of
Defalcations Is ' 3Iuch Less
Than Has Been Estimated
Soldiers' Baseball Sports at
the Presidio Are Spoiled on
Account of Muddy Field
AUDITOR HERR ARRIVES
WEATHER DELAYS GAMES
The facts concerning the trouble over
the McKlnley Consolidated mine in
Shasta County are stated by the Red
ding Free Press to be as follows: .
The application of the Balaklala'Con-solidated
Copper Company for a .United State* patent 10
tho JucKlnley Consolidated. mine in Flat Cr'ek
inining district ' is . opposed and protest ,: i^rers
were filed in the land office by Shaairt m ' &
Braynard, attorneys for r T. J. Foley and co-
The Aniador Ledger says that parties
have been negotiating for the purchase
of the Defender mine, and the price of
$60,000 has been mentioned. v At the
Sand Pile mine, where the only cyanide
plant in Amador County has been oper :
ating. a cleanup will be made directly.
The Rhetta mine is reported , to have
encountered the ledge on. the drift east
from the 1050-foot level. The , mining
property adjoining the ¦ Zeila;-mine on
the north has been sold. The Ledger
says:
Tl'.e intention* ot the purchasers is to com
bine th«* - Pleming and Eudoy ranches, embrac
ing a large .tract .of land alonu tlie «*n*t cr
Z"il.i lode, 'and organize a. imnla.j comim: y »o
o|;or;itr: the raire.. It will laki M>t;ie lirr.i- to
make the necessary arrangements. Active
work will not be llkfly to begin before six
n-.onMii' at lesiPt. It la good new*. 'Knw*ver,
fcr thf iieople of Jackson that- this portion, of
the '(.•!<; line is t"> be prosper ted, With , vttrii
ciont rafital behind' the movement to thoroiiKli
ly rvplure wha: le regarded as a very iirunue
:-B territory. • ' .¦ . •
AMADOU OPERATIOXS.
The new lime works on the Bear
River, three miles from Coif ax, so says
the Colfax Sentinel, are nearly com
pleted. The burning, kilns have a .ca
pacity of from 100 to 125 barrels of lime
daily. The rock from the quarries has
undergone a thorough test. The Sen
tinel says the quarries are virtually
inexhaustible and the suply of fuel
abundant. The company has surveyed
for an aerial tramway to convey the
lime from the kilns to the top of the
hill, above the works, which isy a dis
tance of 2800 feet, on a gradual upward
Incline, and the elevation . from the
kilns to the end of the tramway is 605
feet. The tramway will intersect the
wagon road a short distance from the
Big Oak mine, and from there the lime
will be hauled by teams to Colfax, via
the county road. Electricity will be
used as the motive power on. the tram
way. A storage supply for the lime
will be erected at the works with a ca
pacity of 100 tons. Colfax will be the
distributing point for the northern part
of the State of Nevada.
A correspondent of the Calaveras
Prospect writes that the mining
outlook has never, before , been
as good for the Calaveritas district.
The Nelson Contracting Company is
working. The debris dams are com
pleted and awaiting the inspection of
the California Debris Commission. The
Foster claim, near Washington ranch,
will be operated. A dredger to work
gravels will probably be constructed.
Work at Brandy Flat will be on quite
a large scale this winter.
The Murphys correspondent of the
Calaveras Chronicle writes that the
| various mines In the Immediate sur
rounding are pushing developments and
erecting necessary improvements to fa
cilitate progress. Superintendent
Stone at the Red Gold mine, one of the
Buckhorn group, has men at work, in
the mine and on top, with a view to
the speedy production of bullion. At
the Mayday tunnel, which is located
not far distant from the Red Gold, ex
plorations are under way. The Forty-
Nine mine at Douglass Flat has no
trouble to keep out the water, and
everything Is progressing favorably
toward reaching gravel.
The old Southwestern tunnel is to be
again opened by Fred Orth & Co. this
winter. For years the tunnel has been
permitted to rest, while the adjoining
property was worked by the present
company and others. This tunnel
pierced the old Central Hill channel
lately worked by Thomas, Bisbee and
McCormick.
In a collection of mining facts relat
ing to Tuolumne County the -Mother
Lode Banner includes statements that
the App has resumed operations. A
new shall is being sunk on the Alta
dina. Work has begun at the John
Royal and Star. The shaft at the Santa
Ysabel has reached a depth of 280 feet.
Five more stamps are being placed in
the mill at the Vine Springs. Operations
will begin at the Mount Lily Monday.
The Homestake, near the Eagle-Shaw
mut, has been bonded to a Scottish
syndicate, according to rumor. .
The Sierraville Record says that the
mining industry in the Meadow Lake
mining district of Eastern Nevada
County continues brisk and promising.
For the first time in many years min
ing will be carried on this year through
the winter. At the Crystal Lake mine
the ten-stamp mill will not be used
until the snow leaves nex,t. spring, but
the men will continue to work in the
mine, which is 140 feet deep. It is ex
pected that a large amount of ore will
be got out ready for milling during the
winter. A large amount of provisions
has been taken into the mining camp.
There is three feet of snow between
Meadow 1 Lake and the outside world,
and unless the winter should be a spe
cially open one no more trips will be
made into or out of the place until next
spring.
COLFAX HAS WME.
WORK AT MURPHYS.
The Grass Valley Union says that
plans are now being worked out for a
consolidation of the Mountaineer and
Summit mines, which will mean much
for the future of Nevada City. J. C.
Campbell has been at work for sev
eral weeks past organizing a company
to control the two properties. The
Summit is owned chiefly by Charles
Webb Howard of the Spring Valley
Water Company. It Is stated that the
proposition is to run a tunnel from
Deer Creek to drain off the surface wa
ter from the Summit and to connect
the two properties. The work of pump-
Ing out the Mountaineer is now under
way. -
The triple compartment shaft at the Eureka-
Woodslde mine in v this place Is down about
90 feet. A pump to handle the water In the
shaft will be installed.
Operations have beeiy resumed on the Ida
Mitcholl mine, in the heart of Placervllle.
Men were put to work on the shaft. * D. H.
Jackson intends to thoroughly prospect ; the
property before putting up a mill.
work. There is a general closing down
of small placer mines owing to the
weather in Siskiyou County. .
The Placervllle Democrat tells of
work in the mines fn El Dorado County
as follows:
A Hve-etamp mill Is being constructed at
Morey"s foundry for the Witmer & Fuller
mine.
Work is being pushed forward on the triple
compartment ehaft at the Darling mine.
j some recent •moves for the develop
.• ment of that mineralized section is
given by the Redding Free Press. That
paper says that there is a great stir,
which is felt in Redding, the principal
supply ' point. A new 175-ton smelter
is being installed at the Afterthought
mine, near Ingot. The second furnace
of the De La Mar smelter is about
ready to be blown in. It will be work
ing early in January. The Mountain
Copper Company is running full hand
ed and Is treating about 26,000 tons 'of
ore per month. The plant is being
gradually improved and enlarged. The
Mountain Copper Company emplc/ys in
mine, smelter and railroad 1200 men,
approximately. .The Guggenhimes are
reported by the Free Press to be nego
tiating for the Mammoth mine, which
is near the Kennet property. In case
the Guggenhimes take the property
Shasta County would have its fourth
smelter operating. The Free Press says:
Th© Quartz Hill StMwater and Old Dig
gings districts contain many small mines
that are taking out and shipping ore to the
Keswlck smelter The mineral output of
Shasta County for 1901 was $8,737,571. For
1902 the strike and shut-downs brought It
down to S3.730.O49. This year the output
will be about the same as the strike con
tinued until May and the Mountain Copper
smelter did not get in full running order
for a couple of months later.
Next year with everything running In full
blast there 'is no reason why Shasta should
not send out $10,000,000 in mineral wealth to
the markets of the world. The copper belt
produces nearly all of this vast wealth. Red
ding Is the business center, and the least
enthusiastic predicts that in two years' time
Redding's population will be doubled.
IX SISKIYOITS MIXES.
In other sections of California that
are not affected by labor troubles pro
gress is being made in the mining in
dustry. The Scott Valley Advance says
that with the opening of spring many
properties that have been known only
as prospects will be opened. The King
Solomon mine in SIskiyou County will
have 100 men at work if the prospect
tunnel strikes the body of ore. A large
amount of machinery will be placed in
the Black Bear property. The Medina
Company, operating the Gardner and
Eastlick mines at Oro Flno, Is pre
paring to add largely to its plant. A
fifty-ton cyanide plant is promised. The
Siskiyou Mining and Development Com
pany has begun to pump out the per
pendicular shaft which has partly
filled. One hundred and fifty tons of
coal were taken out from the incline
shaft to do the necessary development
the Investigation and finally evokes the
old answer:
"We must wait for the findings of
the experts."
It has been surmised that the secre
tary used one scholarship fund to pay
another-^operated a sort of endless
chain— and that his total, defalcation,
whatever it may turn out to be. will
be found to have been taken from one,
or may be two, of the heaviest schol
arship or fellowship donors. McKowen
had direct and untrammeled access to
about 5440.C00 from these sources. When
any of the university folks are asked
to state how many of the donors sent
their checks to McKowen personally
the inevitable reply comes:
"We must wait for the findings of the
experts." .
Considerable confusion has been cre
ated among the students by the "hold
ing up" of their rebates, with all other
bills owing by the university except
those for labor. Pupils in the chemi
cal, • physical -and mining laboratories
deposited with Secretary \ McKowen
sums ranging 'from' ?1 to $25 each to
secure the "university against dam
age to any! of the apparatus used by
them in their various experiments, and
now at the end of. the term, with the
holiday vacatlon'-on hand, they are un
able to collect their rebates. McKow
en Issued' vouchers for these deposits,
but -the J vo*uchers- will not be indorsed
until the experts' have concluded their
examination -of .., the secretary's ac
counts,- unless the • treasurer i so ar
range^ It .that the boys, and: girls can
,Vet their- money, before they go home
•for the holidays..
AS TQ THE DEFENSE.
Attorney Wright, who has been re
tained with'Peter F^Dunneto protect
{-McKowen's interests while that person
j is in' jail, stated yesterday that he has
| not yet consulted Mr. Dunne as to what
t the line of defense will be. .
[" "Indeed," said Mr' 'Wright,- "we are
I not certain that any defense will be
i offered. Mr. McKowen himself does
i not seem anxious to* put up a defense,
j and It is' probable Uiat a plea' of guilt
will be entered. Nothing will be defi
nitely decided, however, until the book
keeping experts:'' have concluded their
.Work and the regents take^ action." '
Meantime, the self-confessed embez
zler dwells In the Alameda County Jail
and resolutely declines. to discuss his
case 'with 'any* except his Invited vis
itcfrs. One of- these is .WV H. 'Smyth of.
Berkeley, ""the "man" who"took him to his
home when he was a miserable sailor
lad and treated him ' as a son, obtain
ing. for him the humble position' in the
university from which he rose to the
secretaryship. McKo wen's conversa
tions with Mr. Smyth are strictly con
fidential.
IS THERE A "PLANT"?
Among the reports current yesterday
In Oakland was one to the effect that
McKowen did not squander as much
money on the race track as he alleged,
and that the greater part of his pilfer
ings is "planted" somewhere. In sup
port of this idea was advanced the
argument that such select legal lumin
aries as Peter F. Dunxe and Harry M.
Wriglit could not be retained for . a
song, and that the prisoner has -no
moneyed friends to back his defense.
McKowen sturdily maintains that he is
penniless, since he deeded his three lots
and personal belongings to the uni
versity.
Governor Par dee has called a meet
ing of the Board of Regents for. this
afternoon at the Hopkins Institute.
While the McKowen affair will prob
ably be discussed, none of the Regents
expect that anything of a definite
character, will or. can be done k in the
matter until the mystery inclosed In the
eecretary's books is solved. But it is
just possible that r the financial system
which enabled McKowen to conduct
his peculations unchecked and undis
covered for a period extending over
half a dozen years will be inquired into
and Borne amendments suggested.
Activity is manifested on the copper
belt of Shasta County. An account of
Judging from appearances In Judge
Mogan's courtroom yesterday the
storm center of San Francisco labor
troubles at present seems to be in
front of the Golden Gate Cloak House
on Market street, near Taylor, owned
by.M, Slniinoff.. The street in front of
the place was blocked by a multitude
Thursday, night listening to rival sets
of shouters, one proclaiming that the
house was "unfair" and warning all
good men -not : to purchase therein,
while the other set maintained in loud
tones that the house was "fair" and
worthy of patronage. Out in the mid-'
die of the street a "sandwich man"
bore a banner /with the announcement
that the cloak house was "unfair."
Sergeant Mahoney and asquad'vain^
ly endeavored to clear the way for
traffic and as a final recourse arrested
all the "spielers" and the "sandwich
man." When the case was called- in
court it was a matter of great difficulty
to separate the different factions , so
that the various witnesses could iden
tify them to the satisfaction of the at
torneys and Judge Mogan. Finally the
Judge solved the problem by getting
the "fair" howlers to sit in the lower
seats of the jury box, while the "un
fair" clacquers were lined up against
the wall. The "sandwich man," who
bore the appropriate name of Eaton
and was in a class by himself, was
stationed at the railing. ' Then the tak
ing of testimony began.
It developed that Slminoff, proprietor
of the cloak house, as an. offset to the
denunciation of the union pickets who
proclaimed his house "unfair." had
hired a crew of stentorian-toned shout
ers to howl down the strikers. Both
sides were making all the noise they
could and the "sandwich man" carried
the banner .and made more noise than
anybody. The "fair" shouters occupied
the sidewalk, the "unfair" men lined up
on the curb and the "sandwich man"
tramped the street. Edgar Peixotto,
attorney for Siminoff, admitted that his
clients were probably guilty of disturb
ing the peace ! and thought that the
strikers' were also. ¦ _.<.
He believed that the officers had done
their duty in making the arrests. The
attorneys on the other side were.un
willing to admit as much for their cli
ents. Judge Mogan reserved decision
In the case, but he warned the warring
factions that they must keep the side
walk clear and not interfere with traf
fic and said that if this were not done
he would severely punish any member
of either 'Tair" or "unfair" shouters
that came before him in the future.
'University Officials Await the
Findings of Experts Nowjat
Work on Secretary's Books
Transport Thomas Will Soon
Carry Fresh 3Ien to Do
Duty in the Philippines
any statement, "Well, I would like to
get out, of this. Judge," he answered.
"You can hardly be callr^i daringly
original in your desire," commented the
court. Kelley Is accused of snatching
53 from the hand of James Sample, who
was counting his money at the corner
of Mission and Third streets on Decem
ber 17. A policeman saw the theft, pur
sued and captured the robber and re
covered the money.
Thomas Sutton is certainly playing in
hard luck. He was among the drunks
before Judge Conlan yesterday. "How
about this, Sutton?" asked the Judge.
v"It was this way, your Honor," said
the prisoner. "I work for\ the Haslett
Warehouse Company. Yesterday I was
piling -firebrick all day and was tired.
After I quit work I took a couple of
drinks of whisky. I am not In the habit
of drinking anything, and the liquor
must have gone to my head. I guess I
was pretty full, but it is the fir^f. time
I have been that way In years." It
looked like a runaway race for Sutton.
"What were you doing up on Kearny
street, near Market, late in the after
noon?" asked the Judge. '.'Me?" said
Sutton. "I wasn't up that way at all."
"Oh*, yes, you were," said the Judge. "I
saw you there myself. You were curs
ing horribly and trying to load a big
box into a hack and drive off with it.
When the hackman interfered you fair
ly flowed with profanity. I said then
that you would be before me pretty
soon, and here you are. I!U sentence
you to-morrow." Now, If Conlan had
been on Ellis street— but what's the
use of a man arguing about an unto
ward fate?
John Guinasso knocked down Kitty
Langford Thursday night on Pacific
street and took $3 away from her. She
screamed for helr>, and two men that
went to her assistance were also
knocked down. Guinasso was convict
ed of disturbing the peace before Judge
Conlan yesterday and ordered into cus
tody pending a further investigation
into the case. It Is probable that a
charge of robbery will also be placed
against him.
Thomas S. Wall, a machinist, was be
fore Judge Conlan yesterday charged
with battery. The testimony showed
that Ethel Roberts, a young girl, re
fused .to live with her mother and took
a room at 502 Third street. Her mother
went there with some food for her
while Wall was making a call. The
mother upbraided him for inducing the
girl to leave home, and as a result Wall
choked the mother. Her screams at
tracted Policeman Whelton, who at
tempted to place Wall under arrest.
Wall gave the policeman such a tough
battle that Whelton was ' compelled to
call in the assistance of Policeman Mc-
Dowell before the machinist could be
subdued. The hearing of the case was
continued until to-day.
FATE OF MRS. WILKERSOX
NOW IN HANDS OF COURT
Judge Murasky Hears Final Argument
In the Suit and Takes Case Un
der Advisement.
Final argument in the divorce suit
of Maude Amber Wilkerson against
Ira Puerl "Wilkerson was heard by
Judge Murasky yesterday and the case
was taken under submission.
A divorce was granted yesterday to
William E. Sharp from Amelia Sharp
for infidelity. Sharp is a musician and
was formerly leader of an orchestra In
a Honolulu theater. A decree was
also, granted to W. A. Pickering from
Mary O. Pickering for desertion.
A suit for divorce was filed by Flor
ence P. Brown against Daniel Brown
for intemperance.
Sues Peltier for Support.
The suit for maintenance of Marie
Peltier against John Peltier, an
asphaltum roofing contractor, was
given a heating by Judge Seawell yes
terday. The woman asks for $100 a
month and complains that she was
compelled to live in a hovel by her
husband.
Development Work and Improvements to Plants in
the Copper Belt Are Enlisting Much Energy.
Sections Unaffected by Labor Troubles Prosper
"Fair" and "Unfair" Shouters Block Street and
At& Arrested for Disturbing the Peace— Judge
Cabaniss Develops Spirit of Yuletide Mercy
M'KOWEN CASE
SLOWLY DRAGS
CAVALRY WILL
GO TO MANILA
SMELTERS WILL RECOVER
WEALTH OF SHASTA ORES
RIVAL SETS OF HOWLERS
LAND IN POLICE COURT
THE SAN KKANCISt.U UAL.V. SA 1 UKOAY, 1JECKMBKK 1», 1903.
Major F. L. Payson, paymaster In
the United States army, secured a war*
rant from Police Judge Cabanlsa yea-,
terday for the arrest of Charles L.
Newcomb, a discharged soldier, on
the charge of felony embezzlement..
Newcomb was entitled to $251. but
through a clerical error he was pal<T
$351. The error was not discovered'
till a few days later, but Newcomb had
left the city. It is said that he ha3
been located in Stockton and will bo
brought back.
Gets a Hundred Too Mnch.
Justice of the Peace Van Nostrand
gave judgment yesterday for $170 in
favor of John Tyler, who sued the
German Bank for the amount which
he had on deposit. Tyler testified that
his bank book was stolen by a man
whom he had befriended and the lat
ter drew $160 of the money. Tyler
said he was at a loss to know why the
bank had paid over the money, as his
friend had misspelled his (Tyler's)
name when he signed for the money.
The bank interposed no defense, but
after judgment was given filed notice
that it would appeal the case.
Depositor Sacs for a Sam of Money
That. * Was Withdrawn by a Man
Who Stole Bank Book.
RECOVERS JUDGMENT
FROM GERMAN BASK
A suit in ejectment »V33 filed yester
day In the United States Circuit Court,
Ninth Division, against Bowman H.
McCalla. commander of the naval sta
tion at Mare Island. The suit has been
brought by E. K Sawyer and i3 in
reality a suit against the United States
Government to recover 154.55 acres of
swamp and overflow land off the north
end of Mare Island.
Sawyer claims title under the grant
by Congress in 1S50 of all swamp and
overflow lands to the State of Califor
nia. In 1S57 the State patented the
land in question to David N. Darllnton.
Sawyer is the successor of Darlinton in
the ownership of the land, and wants
the Government ejected from what he
alleges is his by right of law.
It .being 1 unlawful to bring suit
against the Government without hav
ing first secured its consent, .the suit
was brought against McCalla. he being
In charge of and ruler over the island,
a portion of which is the subject of the
suit filed.
The United States Government will la
all probability contest the suit, claim
ing Mare Island in Us entirely as suc
cessor to Victor Castro, to whom the
Island was granted by the Mexican
Government In 1S41. The Government
is in possession of the tract of over
flowed land at the present time.
Sawyer claims that the Government
in acquiring the island only got the
high land and that the swamp or over
flowed land belonged to the State by
the grant of 1830. He being, the succes
sor of Darlinton, to whom the land was
patented by the State, claims title to
the disputed acreage.
The suit v.ill occasion much interest.
as a case similar to it was brought
against the Government in the Circuit
Court befora Chief Justice Field in Sep
tember, 1833, by the San Francisco
Savings Union et al. to secure title to
a large tract of overflowed land com
prising 7413 acres. The land then sued
for was that lying directly north of the
section now being sued for by Sawyer.
Judge Field gave Judgment to the
plaintiff. The decision was appealed to
the United States Court of Appeals and
there upheld.
Sawyer claims that the Government
is now using his tract of submerged
land as a dumping ground for rubbish
from the Island. He has retained At
; torney "W. M. Mclntosh.
Plaintiff Claims Ground by
Virtne of Grant of Congress
in 1850 to California
B. H. JIcCALLA DEFENDANT
E. L. Sawyer Takes Le^al Action
to Have Government Ejeeted
From Overflow Tract of Land
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Y§J[fjr Hear ye, the Christmas g^^^o'
tf£?|\i , San Francisco^ News WNf/rvlr
[rjjm Letter, Comprising One, iwu^Hft
IriiJ Hundred and Twenty. B[pXu3xlJ
/$jvj?| P a g es will be with all H^U^^v
UTw j Purveyors of News on ; i$^^\P
$^fc)S Monday, Surpassing g vO^'
g&(l in Artistic Excellence, * In^^Ws
Profuse Illustration and 1yS^[a]
r^Ajli Original Conception iWpY/
)\^jj Anything to Date. A P^f^L^
WT^ 1 Large Supplement, Suit- - llOs^wZ
tPv 1 a^ e or Pt 211 ™ 11 *? Ac- B\ \^S T/f
fjArl come this Royal Gift. fijv^vy
9HBBB9HBBBHBHH9BHI9H
ADVEBTISEBnENTS.
«... i . ..,¦¦-¦. p . ¦¦¦¦¦¦.-.. .... , ., . . ¦^.._..
LAST
CHANCE
TO BOY
KASf'S SHOES
HALF PRICE
The Creditors say they
must have the money
right away— no matter
what becomes of the
shoes.
..COME..
At once and save money
on your shoes, as we are
going to wind up this
sale as soon as possible.
A full line of LADIES' and
GENTLEMEN'S SLIPPERS
suitable for Christmas Gifts are
included in this sale.
104-110 GEARY STREET
A. JOSEPH, Receiver
-OPEN EVENINGS- -
'JBMpBpHEatSiMM^MNG^' -SOME AMUSING FEATURES OF THE BAPTISM OF "ROBERT FACUL
TY JINKS' BY THE STUDENTS OF THE HOPKINS ART INSTI
TUTE YESTERDAY AFTERNOON.
Reporter Is Cited for Contempt.
RIVERSIDE, Dec. 18.— M. V. Don
aldson, reporter for a Los Angeles
newspaper, was arrested to-day for re
fusing to tell the Grand Jury the
source of his information In the stories
written concerning alleged frauds in
the Courthouse construction. A bench
warrant Was" also Issued for J. W. Mc-
Intyre, the attorney- who" conducted
the sale of the Courthouse block, for
refusing to appear before the, Grand
Jury when summoned to give informa
tion the stories of boodling.
Grnndman Found Not Guilty.
The Jury in the case of J. Grund
man,' charged with the murder of
Sheridan Chtpman last March,
brought in a verdict late last njght
of not guilty. • Grundman was tried In
Judge Cook's court. The foreman of
the Jury., In giving out the verdict,
stated that it was the belief ' of the
Jury that . Grundman was insane at
the time; of the murder. Grundman
shot Chipman in the railroad building
at Third \ and Townsend streets for
Chipman's action in keeping company
-with Grundman's wife. - '-^Wllm
The Labor Council has ordered that
$100 be drawn from its treasury for
the relief of the striking cloakmakers.
The Cutters* Union has lost $65
through the departure of its secretary,
and the Bookmakers' Union reports
a loss of. 5165 through ' a similar oc
currence. The canmakers' schedule
fora raise of 10 per cent in wages has
met with the Indorsement of the coun
cil. The steamship painters' . demand
for an Increase has also received the
Labor Council's indorsement, j
Unions Lose Sams of Money.
PARIS. Dec IS. — The agricultural group of
the Oiamfe*r of Deputies nstt to-<lay and pro
tested axainst the proposed law allowing mini
mum tariff rates on American salt meats and
aprointed a committee to wait on the Minister
of Ajricultur*. •
Brines Forty Tons of Silk.
PORTLAND, Or.. Dec. 18. — The
steamer Indrapura. which has arrived
from the Orient, brought forty tons
of silk, worth nearly 5200,000. in her
silkroorris. The silk came from Yoko
hama and Is the largest importation of
silk ever made info the. Northwest.
Xmas trees; silver firs, spruce, cedar,
redwood, at McClain's. Market.nr.Larkin.»
To-Day's News Letter.
There Is always something' worth whl'e In
th« San Francisco News Letter .onJ to-day's
issue is unusually rood. It San another In
stallment, the best yet, of the exposes ol the
local Chinese Eureau.
The Looker On derirtment reflects club and
social l;f» In a most interesting manner, telt-
Ing many amusing stories of local and ether
notables. There Is some hitherto r.ni>ubl'shed
information about Sir Tatton Syk««, and au
tomobile adventures by Stockton's youn? so
ciety men make a good story.
Tl:e News Letter reflects the rocial, po
litical nnd financial life of the town. Its edi
torials are fearless and to the i»o!nt. In
comments on current events are short, snapDy
and satirical. See advertisement* of the
Christmas number, cut Monday. December 21. •
Text for Xetv School Boots.
Governor Pardee, State Superin
tendent of Instruction T. J. Kirk and
Professor Elmer E. Brown of the Uni
versity of California, upon whom has
devolved the responsibility of selecting
new textbooks for the public schools,
held a session at the Palace Hotel last
evening. They are now preparing the
necessary matter for a new geography
and an arithmetic It is expected the
firial selection of the necessary mate
rial for the new books will be made
at a meeting to be held this morning.
Anneal Banquet Is Dispensed With
and a Musical 'Programme Is
Presented.
The annual reun'on and installation
of officers of the Caledonian Club took
place Thursday night at Scottish
Hall. The hall was comfortably
filled with members of the club
and their lady friends. The in
stallation ceremony v.-as conducted
by ex - Chief D. R. McNeill and
ex-Chief Angus McLeod was master
of ceremonies. The officers installed
were: Chief, A. M. Maepherson; first
chieftain, Samuel McGregor; second
chieftain, F. F. Finlay; third chieftain.
James H. Duncan; fourth chieftain, J.
W. Carneron; physician. Dr. J. A. J.
MqDonald. An interesting feature of
the ceremony was the presentation of
a handsome gold watch, fob and lock
et to the retiring first chieftain, John
A. McLeod. the presentation being
made by ex-Chief John Reid.
OFFICERS OF CALEDONIAN
CLUB ARE INSTALLED
mony was a part of the Christmas
jinks and was in the nature of a bap
tism, because the faculty has hereto
fore frov.ned on such playfulness. Last
year the jinks was eschewed and on
the first holiday they had the students
buried thpir woes with solemn cere
monies. This year the faculty permit
ted the frolic and the committee se
lected the birth cf "joy and good fel
lowship" as a fitting theme for their
jinks.
High Minister Keane resembled a
cozy comer as he stood In the impro
vised pulpit. He spoke in doleful tones
and the responses from the student
congregation were very fervent. All
nationalities composed the congrega
tion. The students were costumed and
the scene was one of colc-r and anima
tion. From the walls were suspended
branches of trees studded with red
cajidies and held in place by clay that
resembled snow. Above the pulpit was
a bit of sculpture by Robert Aitken.
The painter, sculptor and architect
were shown in allegorical form and
above the figures was one of the Ma
donna holding a child. The entire work
is of clay and yet If the sculptor car
ried out the scheme and placed it in
more enduring substance it would add
to his fame.
Throughout the mock services the
students sang hymns and offered up
thanks to the faculty. The offspring
was dressed as "Toto" in the burlesque
of "Zaza." He disturbed the services
by outlandish yells that had to be sub
dued by the entire ccrnjrregatlon.
After the baptism the students sat
down to a feast that consisted of char
lotte russe, tarts, icecream and pickles.
During the feast Thomas A. McGlynn.
who was master of ceremonies, pre
sented a vaudeville show. Mis3 Mau
riel Roberts. Miss Lillian Clark. Miss
Marie Odegard and Miss Vivian Juarez
fang dialect songs; Miss Christine La
Barraque. a blind girl with a' magnifi
cent voice, rendered two songs In fault
less style; Miss Riechelmen sang. Miss
Hector played a selection on the piano
and Theodore Keane gave a funny bur
lesque of a slack wire performer.
The students then adjourned to the
big hall where the antiques are kept
and danced the afternoon away. The
grand march brought out frisky wid
ows, lassies, cowgirls, Indians, danc
ing girls and maids and lads of every
description.
The success of the affair is due to
the efforts of the following: Thomas
A. JlcGlynn, Miss Elizabeth Ferrea,
Miss Winifred Yelland, Mrs. Bushnell.
Miss Gertrude Gorter. Miss Boye and
E. Noonan.
Registrar Walsh of San Francisco
will enjoy a little trip to Washington,
D. C, .at the expense of Uncle Sam.
and when he gees the ballots cast in
the Fourth Congressional District of
California in the last general election
will go with him. The HousevOf Repre
sentatives, having the Kahn-Livernash
contest on its hands, want3 to see the
real ballots. The order for the ballots
does not emanate from the sub-com
mittee or the main committee, but it
comes from the House itself.
Many of the so-called clever politi
cians remark that Congress will be dis
appointed, as the law of California pro
vides ffcat the ballots must be de
stroyed after a limited period of time,
but these wise politicians do not know 1
why Judge Dibble gave so much atten
tion to affairs of state at Sacramento
last winter. It now transpires that he
caused the introduction of an amend
ment to section 1255 of the Political
Code. The amended law was approved
February 26, 1903.
As amended the law stands as fol
lows:
"Provided, further, that if in any-
Congressional district within this State
there has been or shall be filed a con
test of the election of any person de
clared to have been elected a member
of Congress, and the County Clerk or
Registrar of Voters in any county or
city and county be notified by the con
testant that such Congressional elec
tion contest Is pending, then and in
that case such County Clerk or Regis
trar of Voters shall not destroy the bal
lots in that county or city and county,
or in the part or portion thereof within
such Congressional district in which
such contest Is pending, until the final
determination of such contest before
the House of Representatives of the
Congress of the United States; and
such County Clerk or Registrar of Vot
ers shall hold such ballots In his cus T
tody subject to the Inspection of any
committee of the House cf Representa
tives or sub-committee thereof having
In charge the investigation of such con
test, and shall. produce such ballots for
examination before any such commit
tee of the House of Representatives or
sub-committee, or by any commission
er designated by such Congressional
committee or sub-committee, or before
any officer designated by act of Con
gress and duly selected to take deposi
tions and proof in any such contest of
the election of any person to Congress."
The ballots of the Fourth Congres
sional District are in the custody of
Registrar Walsh, and he -will produce
them at Washington in due time. Pri
vate messages from the national capi
tal contain the information that the or
der directing the Registrar of Voters to
produce the aforesaid ballots has been
issued by the House. Oliver Dibble,
counsel for Julius Kahn, is in Wash
ington. ' It is understood that the con
test will be conducted without unneces
sary delary, but not with special haste.
Edward to Visit Ireland Again
DUBLIN. Dec. 18. — The Evening
Herald to-day announces on good au
thority that Kiris ETdward and Queen
Alexandra will visit Ireland during
the Punchsstown raping week and
attend the races. They u-JU not travel
in state. %
Former Wyoming Jurist Dead.
CEDAR RAPIDS. Ibwa, Dec. 13.—
Judge W". Kingman. who was Associate
Judge of Wyoming under President
Grant, is dead here, ased 82 years. He
was related to the Webster family and
studied law in Daniel Webster's office.
The body will be sent to Dover, N. H.
Christmas cards and calendars. Good'
things for everybody. Sanborn. Vail &
Co *
Open To-Nlcbt
And every night until Christmas. Vogue
Cloak and Fur Co., millinery and waists.
217 Grant avenue. •
* Everything In Photography.
Kodaks end cameras make useful and
lr struct ive Christmas presents. Kirk.
G*ary & Co.. 112 Geary street. •
Amendment to Political Code
Secured by Him Covers Kahn-
Livernash Election Dispute
JUDGE DIBBLE'S
WORK EFFECTIVE
Scrcrs Artery In Ills Wrist.
SANTA ROSA. Dsc. 13.— Samuel M.
Moore, a sufferer from consumption,
cut his left wrist with a knife this
morning while crazed by morphine,
taken to ease pain. An artery in the
wrist was severed, and, as Moore lost
a great quantity of blood, there la lit
tle hope for his recovery-
Ofiicers of the Flora Reprimanded
VICTORIA. B. C, Dec. IS.— The
court-marti^l at Esquimalt that tried
Captain Baker, commander, and Lieu
tenant Grant, navigator of II. M. 3L
Flora, for stranding that vessel on
December 3, found that the charge
was proven and both officers were se
verely reprimanded and warned to
exercise more care in the future.
Keep your rooms dry and ¦»rarr» by
using a gas heater from San Francisco
Gaa ani Electric Or. 41S Post street. •
Dcfendrnf.s Memory I'rovcs Poor.
NAPA. Dec. IS. — The trial of Robert
B!ack for child-steaiins was resumed
to-day before Juice Garford. Host
of the time wis taken up in the .ex
amination of the defendant. He»d2
veloped a very bad memory in -regard
to the case and concerning statements
made by him. Arguments were pre
sented ty District Attorney Benjamin
for the prosecution and Jchn T. York
for the defense. Ths trial will be re
sumed Saturday.
Santn Rcsm Wants* the Convention.
SANTA ROSA. Dec. IS. — At a meet
ing of the City I'nion of Youns Peo
ple's Societies held last evenkis it was
decided to extend an invitation to th»
190* convention of the Yc-un? Peo
ple's Societie3 of Christian Endeavor
to meet in this city. Paso Robles.
which defeated Santa Rosa at Los An
geles for the honor of entertainin? the
1904 convention, has notified the Stite
executive committee that It will not be
prepared to have the convention and
another city will have to be selected.
The grar-rt officers of th«? Native .^ons ;
6t the Golden West met in conjunction j
with several of the Tending women of j
the x-arious city and State women's ;
clubs yesterday afternoon to discuss '¦
the advisability of the order of Native ;
Sors calling a convention for the fur
thering of a proposition to reconstruct (
the old highway known as El Camfno j
Real; used by the early day padre*.
Mrs. Caroline Rickey OIney, who is \
the originator of and the prime mover !
in the furthering of this proposition. '
presented her views to the assembled .
officers and asked that they as a body j
cell a convention to meet some place ,
midway between Pan Francisco and :
Los Angeles, possibly In San Luis
Obispo. and have dflecates from the
various parts of the State be present .
and take action either to support the :
movement cr reject it.
Many cf th* prominent people of the ;
State, among whom are influential
men — Mayors, Supervisors, presidents
cf boards cf traa«? and chambers of |
commerce and others — have expressed ¦
a willir.cr.ess to support and give all
the aid possible to the rebuilding of;
this road.
WHERE IT RUNS.
El Carr.liio Real starts rear San Dies:o >
and traverse* northward fourteen I
ccuntics ff>r a distance of 700 miles.
Many of tfc* eM missions are connected
by the eld roa<I us«*3 by the padres, and
its rebuilding v.-ould npt only add to :
the State'* attractions to tourists, but
wou'.fi ircreas* to a marked extent the ;
value cf lands near where !t pz£s*s.
llarsden llar.sen nf the Board cf
Pub:i~ Works spoke and thought that
the mad r»;u!d b<? rebuilt, under sys-
Terr, at ir supervision, with a good deal
less tcoaey in proportion than was
yearly expended in the building of pub- •
lie highway*.
The funds needed for this work and '
th* means of raising the same received
dae cor.sid'ration. and this was put
asMf s.s easily accomplished. The qu-s- \
tior.s arising were: Has the order lot I
Nativp Sons ns a lodge the power to \
cali such z. convention as suggested, ;
ar.d ¦would the proposition receive as :
hearty a co-operaf.on of the various
cour.ti** through which the road passes
zs wou!rl be nc-cessary to carr>- out this
grand work?
DISCUSS IV SECRET.
After ration discussion the officers of
the indue went into executive session to
determine whether thty would under
take the work asked of them. Their
decision will be given out in a few
izv*. The matter «rea brought before
this organization, as it is the largest
and mopt representative California ur
(Jer fa the St^te. and the starters of
the movement felt that they, if any
one, would be able to carry out the
plans.
Thos* present Trere
H. R. McXotle c: Stockton Parlor No. 7.
Stockton. sraad president: Hea.v Lu^*fslt
of Callforr.ia Parlor No. 1. 4U Mason .tr-et.
«*" Fr »=-i«^. srsr.d secretary; Louis H.
Mocw c? Presidio Parlor No. 194. .*^o Sansoae
«r*et. S*n Francisco: A. B. Barker of P»lo
Alto rarlor No. Kfc 2S« x or -.h First street. Saa
Jem*: SC. T. Docllng of Fremont ParJor No. 44.
HoJ.ister. chuirnuLE: Jair.*s A. Devoto of Al
calde Parlor No 154; Charles M. Belihaw of
General W inn Parlor No. 32 A-.tioch- J Em
rr.et EUpta) cf Mount Tarnalpais Parlor No. ki.
Ban Rafael, rra^ti ir.iide sentsnel- past rranJ
prefect. C V: D-cker; district deputy £rand
presidents— T. P. Martin, R. M Roche W D
5 y "T Ir ""*¦ G " rha _-^- E Myron Wolf 'and
Mt.ti«n S&aien. Board of Public Works- s--a
tor J. R. Knowland. A'.arneda; Carolln* P..i<-k»y
Olney: M>s Eliia D. K»!th. past rrand presi
dent. N. D. G. XT.; Mis* Laura Bride Powers
Cillfsrci* Landmarks Learue; Mn>. Georre
Lnw SznHh. chairman Callforrla. Club- Mrs
J«hn F. Pwlft. prerider.t National" Ccuicil of
Werner.-. La.urm J. Frakes. £ran2 »ecre'_a.ry V
t>. O W.
Martin Richter, whose position was
! that of assistant manager in the offices
„ of the Swiss Marine Insurance Com
pany, at 315 California street, ended his
life yesterday afternoon with a bullet.
The suiefde occurred in a small store
room on the third floor of the building
occupied by the concern and was wit
nessed by no one. What prompted
Richter to destroy his life is a mystery,
and the manager of the company re
fuses to talk. Illness is given as a pos
sible cause, but a letter left by tho un
fortunate man to his wife contain3
statements that lead the police to be- j
lieve that money troubles may be in- !
volved.
It was soon after 2 o'clock yesterday
afternoon when occupants of the build
ing heard a muffled report on the third
Cocr. The noise was unheeded at the
time, but fifteen minutes later Thoma3
Sullivan, who Is employed on the prem
ises, opened the storeroom dcor and
beheld a body lying across a table In
front of him. Hastening to the inani
mate form he turned it over and found
it to be that of Richter, and a revolver I
fell from the grarp of the stiffened fin- I
gers. Help from the insurance office
below was summoned and the police '
department notified.
Detectives Mulcaby and O'Dea an- j
swered the call and questioned Louis
Rorenthal, who is the local agent of the
company. Rosenthal seemed reluctant
to talk, and endeavored to keep a let- I
ter which had been found in the pos- ;
session of the dead man and which \
wa3 addressed to his wife. The only
information the detectives could secure !
was that Richter left the offices some !
time before he killed himself, saying ;
nothing to any one and giving no inti- |
mation that he contemplated such a
deed.
DEFENDS DEAD JLVV. r
Rosenthal said that Richter was ill
and that his accounts were all straight,
but could ascribe no reason for the act.
When Questioned later in the day the
agent said that the details o? the sui
cide would have to be learned else
where than from his office. He will be
summoned before the Coroner and will
be asked under oath to tell all he
knows.
The letter that was written by Rich
ter to his wife speaks of a "sorrow"
which he could not impart to her. It
was penned in the Swiss language and
translated Is as follows:
SAN" FRAN'CISCO. D-c. IS. 15C3.
My l>ar. Good Louise: Whatever I did I
had to iio. I am rick through sorrows that I
could never Impart to you. We have lived hap
pily together for more than twenty-three years.
and you have done eieryiklni? that one could do
to make life agreeable to me. If I l»av° you
now. f.irgrlve me. but I could not live thrcugh
It. Unfortunately. I have rtthins to leave to
you. The Htt!f» yea have saved up and our
household effects, tor which ycur savings are
al?o respcnslbt*, are all that remains to you.
After you hav« once lived through the first sor
rows I know that my Louise will gather up
enough, courage to take heart and with all her
good qualities to live on contentedly. If not
quite eo happily.
Farewell, good Louise, and forgive me who
certainly always meant for your b*st.
TOCR MARTIN.
MAXAGSD PLANTATION".
Richter was a native of Germany i
and about 56 years of age. He resided
with his wife at 539 Clayton street. •
They had no children. He was a man- !
ager of a sugar plantation in Hawaii ¦
for many years, but came to this city ;
about eleven years ago and secured |
employment in the offices of Gutte & j
Frank, insurance agents at 303 Califor- !
nta street. On July 18 he severed his •
connection with this firm, saying that
he had secured a better position with '
Rosenthal. Gutte says that so far as
he knows the.re was nothing wrong .
with Richter's accounts, but since news j
of the suicide reached him an investi- \
gatlon will be commenced at once. At i
the time Richter left for his new place
a highly complimentary letter was
given him and was found in his posses
sion yesterday.
Mrs. Richter knows of no reason why
her husband should have killed himself j
except ill-health. He has been suffer- i
Ing from stomach and kidney troubles !
for some time past, but never men- !
tloned a desire to die. He left home
yesterday morning in a cheerful mood I
and at noon rang/ his wife up on the !
telephone, as was his habit, telling her
he was at lunch and suggesting things
that he would like for dinner. Three i
'hours later the news of his death was
conveyed to her. :
Toilet cases, in buckhorn, celluloid.and
leather; handsomest line ever. Sanborn,
Vail & CoJ. 741 Market st. •
BUOOM1XGTON. 11!.. Dec. 18. — The youth
shaft coal mine at Lincoln was destroyed by
fire to-day. Loss. $100. CCO.
Women Want Path Used by
Padres From San Diego to
Sonoma Restored Again
'•Robert Faculty Jinks, the offspring
of -work and good fellowship," was bap
tized with befitting ceremonies by the
students of the Mark Hopkins Art In
stitute yesterday afternoon. Youn&
Jinks in real life is Annan Hansen,
a giant, who is studying art for art's
?ake and not for the shekels it might
bring him. Theodore Keane officiated
at the baptism and sprayed a hose on
the "offspring of work and good fellow
ship" at the proper time. This cere-
Suicide's Associates in the Swiss
Marine Company Maintain
Silence Regarding the Affair
TO RENEW EL CAMINO REAL
LEAVES A NOTE TO WIFE
Embryo Artists Hold Mock Baptism and Name Offspring
of "Work and Good Fellowship" in Honor of the Men
That Cut Off Their Festivities the Previous Year
Native Sons Asked to Call
Convention to Interest People
in Constructing the Road
Martin Richter Dies Under
Peculiar Circumstances in
Downtown Office Bnilding:
WOULD BUILD
OLD HIGHWAY
INSURANCE MAN
KILLS HIMSELF
ART STUDENTS POKE FUN
AT MEMBERS OF FACULTY
THH SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. DECEMBER 19, 1903.
7
THE CHEIST5US CALL,' |
A NUMBER OF SURPASS- -f
ING ATTRACTIVENESS, ±
WILL BE ISSUED NEXT ±
SUNDAY, DECEM- *
BER^_.
Place Your Orders Now •{•
Tie movt distlnroislied and T
¦Tunptnoxis paper of the Yulotile. T
It* terllUaat paffes contain contrl- T
bntlons from many lsadiay writer* »
of the day. and the etrUcincly A
characteristic work of Its staff J,
contrlimton wlU make It a truly .».
fielisrhtful tad tat ere o tin gr paper. .'-
With this issue will oe present- *.
ed, absolutely free of charge, .j.
"Decoratinr for the Party," that .?•
charmlne picture by Bryson. "3>eo- -J-
oratimr for the Party" Is another. •„•
of the popular Oold Series. " and, «i*
Uko its companion pieces, "Se- •:•
dorah," "Admiration" and "At the •{-
Opera," will adorn the walls of y
many of tho homes of the Great v,
West. - - T
Vewsdealers and. as: eats will do ••*
well to order early, as the snpply T
la limited. " , - ; >'3C
i-:-i-H"i"H-:"H"i-:-M"H"i"i i r k'#
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i For Christmas
! •¦¦¦¦<"¦ !
"; SHOPPING BAOS of latest pat- (
" tern, in all fashionable leathers, beautiful*
f and well made, as low as 93.OO. ¦ *
4 Card Cims; Letter Cases. Wallets. Cipar'
i > Cases, Music Rolls. Purses and Wrist Bass. •
1 1 all at special holiday prices. •
" ' - '- • '*
:: THAT MAN PITTS i
t F. W. PITTS. Th« StaUoner. ,
I 1OO8 MARKET STREET, ;
I Above Powell. (
: ? i •¦; . - SAN * FRAKCISCO. . <
ADVEETISEMENTS.
, Free! Free!
Candies Bonbons *
. Chocolates
Given Away Free
WITH 0U1
Teas, Coffees, Spices
Baking Powaer
ALSO
Everything that's
Beautiful in Fancy
China, Crockery, Glass-
ware, Ornaments,
Dolls & Novelties
Come See Them
You Will Be Charmed
WITH OCB EXTXA
Liberal Premiums
Great American Importing Tea Co.
S61 Market.- 1*19 Folk. IS19 Devtsadero
210 Grant m.x. ¦ 705 Larkln. 3CO6 Sixteenth.
1*0 Eixth. 475 Kalgti- Z21 Monte" r »r«
SJ5 H»>'«. ¦ 2316 MJmIcb. 32S5 Mleslcn.
14« Ninth. 52 Marktt. 3«6 Third.
J006 fiUsicr*. 2T32 2ith. 4O Foiirtlj. ¦
Always Renienber th« Fell ,Nfine
!| BXativQ WLromo fjTi?niiie
CcrcS a Cold la One Day. Cric in 2 Days
AsvzsTxszanarcs.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS most bear
Fac-simile Signature of x^L_5g^r">
SALLOW SKIN I """ ¦"""¦¦^¦¦tmiinlB^^anijai
• ... . Smafl Pill.
_.«, . -. , , H ft \ ff Mba tj Small Cose.
They TOUCH the L. ! V EL Fl *m«.'i PHca
Genuine Wrapper Printed on .^ ,e
"DECORATING"
FOR THE PARTY.
One of Bryson's Famous Beauties.
FREE WITH
THE CfimSTMAS CALL
NEXT SUNDAY.
The Fourth of the Series in Gold. ;
B^SfffNQfi6^m^*JS*fjElSi[jJE^^g ¦" '"'* *^ ' ** ¦ : *-¦¦*»** """ ¦'?'•.'¦'¦ l \ iS^^B ¦ ¦ "' " 1
B^^^^jflp!^t^twtj|SE^BiJL<r'pyi'*3iy?£jf Cw*!-""*- - ¦ ¦' f '" ' *^ * """."*- * *' " * >^^f^* .** J
••DECORATING."
This subject is the fourth of Brysos's fimons Gold sexies, issued
exclusively by The Call and pronounced by every one to be the
richest, most novel and expensive set of Art subjects issued in Amer-:
ica. Decorating is a : worthy companion piece to its predecessors
and for home adornment they are simply unsurpassed.
This picture is one which proves the* artist to be a master in the
handling of light and brilliant color. It also shows hi3 unazinatnre
power, his spirited technique and the completeness of detail so char-'
acteristic in his work. »•£ -: iSKti|
Don't take anv one's word for. the description' of this picture, as
one only needs to be " seen to become convinced that it is a picture
to preserve. >
Remember it's FREE with > -.
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
Have you seen The Daily Call lately ?
You should get one and carefully note ,
the wonderful mass of news it contains
and the masterly manner in which it is
presented. Mow is the time to sub-<
scribe tor TOE DAILY CALL, Greater
San Francisco's Greatest Paper •«•«•>The Crown Prince of Germany, disobeying the orders
of his father, who was concerned in his demands solely
for the welfare of the 'youngster, has -been disciplined
and sentenced, to keep in his apartments for three days.
What* more splendid, illustration; of Jhe right of a man
to govern a nation can there be than'his ability to 'govern
his own family?, ... . . .
. • ¦ ..-.- ' m»- «¦•-•.. :,. ¦ . .. - .-¦ ¦ ¦ - '.'¦¦' , . ' .
¦ ¦"¦ " . - . ft : -:J> '¦;¦ ' .' .
Japan, it is said, intends now to bring her affairs with
Russia to a crisis and to take a determined stand in
reference to what: she deems her rights in the
question. It is high time that she should do so. She
has played fast and loose with Korea long enough to
suggest to her statesmen that playing with fire is a
dangerous thing unless there are some sure, and high
stakes in the balance.
Recently The Call has published signed articles from
men officially connected with the citrus fruit shippers
of the south and the California fruit distributers of the
northern and central counties. Therein the. methods
that are in vogue were fully described. Much informa
tion of value was given to the people of the State by
those most intimately connected with co-operation in
marketing orchard products.
The almond growers have been successfully working
together in at least one portion of the-State during the
past season. Reports that have been submitted seem to
indicate that advantage has been reaped as the result
of joint action. A meeting of 'the Almond 'Growers', As
sociation of the Davisville district * was held last week
at Davisville. An /account of the proceedings is pub
lished by the Woodland Democrat President La Rue
and J. W. Anderson, secretary of the association, re
ported that the season just, closed was satisfactory to
, the members of the association, to "the purchasers of
THE producers of California are coming together
more and more for mutual benefit and protectio'n.
There are associations of large size representative
of the interests of the growers of citrus fruits, deciduous
fruits, raisins, dried fruits and other products. The-in
terest of the California growers is necessarily strong in
the progress of co-operation as applied to the marketing
of the output of orchards, vineyards and farms.
PRODUCERS COME TOGETHER.
Another inspiration has been given to the rapidly
growing prosperity, of San Mateo' by 'the commencement
of work on the railroad which will equip her with needed
transportation facilities from bay to ocean. The Southern
Pacific Company will realize soon, perhaps, that San
Mateo is a natural suburb of San Francisco and de
serves the same concessions in train service which have
been given to the various bay cities. Or perhaps some
other company may teach the Southern Pacific this
costly lesson.
ANY ONE doubting the loyalty to alma mater re
puted to exist in the 1 heart of every college-bred
man will find a hard argument to overcome in
the projected centennial gift of $1,000,000 to be made.to
the old University of Vermont by her loyal sons upon
the occasion of her one hundredth birthday, which oc
curs next year. Already one-tenth of that sum has been
subscribed by two of her alumni, and by the time that
the centennial celebration ceremonies are due it is ex
pected the enormous endowment will be handed over to
the trustees of the university complete.;
Though not included among the greater universities
of the country; the university of the Green Mountain
State has a roll of gradyates of which it may be justly
proud. A Vice President of the United_ States, a Cabi
net member, over twenty members of - Congress and
many names high' in, the roster of the army and navy
have been among its graduates. During the war of
1812 its graduation class was reduced to jtwo members,
and again in the Civil War the total number for the
four years was less' than twenty, but the stanch old col
lege has survived each shock with renewed spirit, and
with the centennial endowment in its coffers it may
enter upon a new and broader career. ' -
.
A SUBSTANTIAL BIRTHDAY GIFT.
A sigh of relief like the murmur of myriad voices in
thanksgiving passed over the country the other day
when the wires flashed the message that the Maine
had made the voyage from Colon to New York without
a single mishap. No one had been killed, no one was
even injured, and the cruiser steamed proudly into the
•harbor to have her engines repaired. Let our foreign
friends scoff no more at our fighting ships.
Senators' Baggage,
The Senators know how to live. They
see to it that their deliberations are"
carried on unvexed by the absence of
anything that could contribute to their
happiness and comfort. They have
been taking the regular account of
stock, and from the articles in the Sen
ate's committee rooms and warehouses
a good sized department store might
be stocked.
Among these aids to legislation are
forty-four bottles of cologne, a lemon
squeezer, a bottle of tonic, seventy-two
funeral regalias, seven burned out elec
tric fans, 101 small glasses (probably
for lemonade), eight batn brushes, two
air cushions, two cakes of shaving soap,
three coalhods, seventy-two cases of
hygienic soap, a pair of white blan
kets, a half gallon copper measure,
twenty-three tincups, a formaldehyde
generator, a. "suit case," five bottles o*
salts, and violet, white rose, Jocfce/
Club -arid other fancy soaps.
Unsinkable Ship.
The long sought goal of naval archi
tects, an unsinkable ship, has been
reached in the steamer Kaiser Wilhelm
II, officials of the North German Lloyd
line declare. They say the vessel is
so constructed that no matter what
accident may occur to her an auto
matic device makes it practically Im
possible for her to fill and sink.— and
absolutely safeguards the lives of her
passengers. This is accomplished by a
number of water-tight bulkheads,
which can be closed by the officer on
the' bridge of the vessel in thirty sec
onds.
The shiD Is first protected with a
double bottom, but she has besides six
teen transverse bulkheads, and a longi
tudinal one separating the engine
rooms, which are so planned that even
If two adjoining ones should be flooded
the vessel would float. Wherever the
operation c-f the-vessel makes necessary
doors in the bulkheads, as at the coal
bunkers, doors are arranged, geared to
a water main, so that at a touch from
the officer in charge of the ship they
can be instantly shut by hydraulic
pressure. The water malm which Is
filled with a non-f reezable compound,
is kept at a pressure of 800 pounds to
the sauare inch and the force which
closes the doors is so great that It will
drive them shut through the coal or
other matter which sometimes blocks
them. The doors can also be operated
by hand from the deck above, although
the tanks and engines which control
them are placed out of danger of any
possible injury. The system is known
as the Stone-Lloyd, and has been put
on all the passenger ships of the com
pany.-New York Tribune.
Chaining Lightning.
Professor Hans Molisch of Pragma
has reported to the Vienna Academy of
Sciences the discovery of a lamp lighted
by means of bacteria, which he claims
will give a powerful light and be free
from danger, thus being valuable for
work in mines and powder magazines.
The lamp consists of a glass Jar In
which a lining of saltpeter and gela
tine, inoculated with bacteria, is placed.
Two days after inoculation the Jar be
comes illuminated with a wonderful
bluish-green light, caused by the In
numerable bacteria which have devel
oped In the time. The light will burn
brilliantly for from two to three weeks,
afterward diminishing in brightness. It
renders faces recognizable at a distance
of two yards and large type Is easily
legible by it. Professor Molisch asserts
that the lamp yields a cold light, which
is entirely safe.
.... .. .
Philippine Facts. >
The Philippine Islands have a gen
eral coast line of about 11,44*4 statute
miles, or double that of the main part'
of the T 'r.lted States, while the total
area Is 115,026 square miles, or less than
that of New Mexico. There is a mile
of coast line to every ten miles of area,
while in the United States the propor
tion is 1 to 555. There are nearly 1700
islands having names and it is possi
ble to count 3000 islands and islets on
the charts. Even tne larger land
masses are so- elongated in figure that
no point in any Island is .more than
sixty miles distant from some part of
the coast. — National Geographic Maga
zine. -
— XT 1 "J
Crow for London.
England had its Boer war and is now
paying the piper. The New York Sun
prints - a dispatch from London which
indicates that crow will be the Christ
mas bird there? It says:
"Families which* are now searching
the great stores in the West End of
London • for : Christmas presents find
that everything. is "costly beyond pre
cedent.' The managers of ¦ the stores
Dr. White entertained a party of pro
fessors and students at his home the
other evening with t & delightful talk
based upon his diplomatic experiences
In Europe, says the Ithaca Journal. The
party was composed of members of
the faculty of department of history
and political science and about a dozen
students, who are specializing in the
department.
Dr. White discussed life in St. Peters
burg and Berlin from the diplomat's
point of view, and the great issues
that turn upon seemingly trivial inci
dents or motives. He dwelt upon the
disadvantage at which the American
Embassadors are placed by reason of
the fact that the United States does
not provide residences for its envoys.
He related several interesting Inci
dents. When he arrived In Berlin as
Embassador to Germany he found it
customary for newly appointed envoys
to give three great receptions to the
diplomatic corps and Influential offi
cials, and these functions must be held
in a private apartment, never in a ho
tel. He was lucky enough to find a
suitable apartment, though this was by
no means certain beforehand, but
when he came to furnish the house his
difficulties began.
The shops of Germany keep only
small stocks of furniture, manufactur
ing mostly from samples. Consequent
ly he was compelled to go from Berlin
to Dresden, and finally to Paris and
London, before he finished the furnish
ing of his residence. The needed re
pairs and rearrangement consumed
some time, and the day of the first re
ception arrived without the completion
of the work. He stood over the arti
sans with his watch in his hand, and
only ordered the rooms cleared five
minutes before the first Installment of
guests arrived.
Later the entire house, of which he
had only an apartment, was bought
out from under him by the country of
Baden for its representative in Berlin,
though the latter, as Dr. White put it,
"was so far below the American Em
bassador in diplomatic rank that an
opera glass would have been necessary
to distinguish him."
Diplomat's Discomfort.
SACRAMENTO. July 16.— The body
of an unknown man was found to-day
in the Sacramento River with a wooden
leg nine miles below Freeport. •
3IARYSVILLE. Aug. 1.— With an old
blunderbuss loaded with No. 2 shot and
a couple of dogs George Brown, a 16
year-old boy of Mountain Meadows,
succeeded yesterday in killing a 350
pound bear. ¦ •
ALAMEDA, May 15.— While Dr. Tom
Carpenter, the city veterinary, was
doctoring a cow yesterday the jealous
calf came along and stepped • on the
physician's face, dislocating it. After
driving the calf away he had to get an
other doctor to put It in bandages.
In"^ a souvenir programme of their
night at Fischer's which the Press
Club has just issued in elaborate form,
there is enough material to lighten
many an hour both for those who^ are
slaves of the pen and the unitiated
layman. The programme, which ap
proaches magazine proportions in its
enterprise, is replete with short stories
by well-known newspaper men, poems
and clever drawings by some of our
local newspaper artists. For those
whose ways lead them into the "tele
graph room" and to the "copy desk,"
an article upon the trials of a telegraph
editor will furnish fun for a week. Here
is an extract from the author's memo
randa:
ST. PETERSBURG, June 26.— The
Empress of Russia gave birth this
morning to a daughter, named Marie.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 22. — An unknown wo
man, accompanied by a poodle dog
wearing a black cashmere dress, black
velvet cape trimmed with beads and
standing about 5 feet 3 inches In height,
committed suicide in St. James Park
to-night.
Nczvspapcr Men's Fun.
The Chinese are abandoning the
junks now for iron freighting tanks;
three splendid 6000-ton steamers hard
ly suffice for the trade between San
Francisco and the colonies, helped as
fpr as Honolulu by a smaller vessel to
take off some of the burden of the ex
clusive island trade; not less than six
great lines carry' freight and passen
gers between America and Asia, run
ning some of the largest vessels on the
sea; steamships carry freight and pas
sengers direct from San Francisco to
Europe, and,' new -lines are projected
from the Pacific Coast of North Amer
ica to Vladivostok and Port Arthur/
When the Isthmus of- Panama Is
pierced,"' cutting off 10,000 : miles of sail
ing distance between the Pacific ports
of America and the great Commercial
centers of the world, a tremendous im
petus will be given to the carrying
trade of the western ocean.'
Apparently the. commerce of the Pa
cific has been of slow growth: In fact,
it has seemed to become of great im
portance only since the Spanish War.
But far-seeing men the world over did
not need the sound of Dewey's guns
to awaken them to a perception of the
future trend of trade. The Spanish
War resulted in putting the United
States in the most advantageous possi
ble position with reference to the com
merce of the Pacific, and with the key
in possession of this country- it Is not
difficult to see that this commerce will
fall more and more into American con
trol as the years go on. /it has not
been so many years since one small
steamship iine from San Francisco to
the colonies off Australia and New Zea
land, and another to" Asia, « with "a
coastwise line to Panama and smaller
coastwise lines along the western part
of this country, sufficed for the bulk .of
the carrying trade on the Pacific, al
though, of course, there was in addition
to this the island sugar fleet and the
big wind jammers carrying the Cali
fornia wheat crop from San Francisco
to Liverpool. On the Asiatic side a
fleet of slow junks crept up and down
along the Chinese coast, running their
noses far iip into the rivers, but count
ing for nothing in the commerce of the
world.
* ,'- • - ?
Following the Great Circle trade
route from the Isthmus of Panama to
Hongkong and Manila, it will be found
that the United States, starting at one
end of the route and ending at the
other, has a position of such vantage
as no other nation can hope to equal.
The only possible rival,' in fact, is
Japan, and the Japanese, contrary to
the generally accepted notion, are not
a'maritime people. The Japanese live
on islands, it is true, and have always
been boatmen, but they are boatmen,
merely, fishermen and not sailors. The
only line of Japanese ships trading
across the Pacific to-day is officered by
Englishmen, and the Japanese do not
make the best sailors even under for
eign command. They, are Inferior to
the Chinese, and not to be compared
to the Manila men. In fact, it is an
aphorism among, sea captains along
the Asiatic coast, that when a Japan
ese steamer comes along it behooves
everybody else in the neighborhood to
get out of the way, for the Japanese
skipper needs all the sea room there
is — and some more. A nation of bad
sailors never becomes really commer
cially great. Note, in this connection,
the difference between the French and
the English.
As the trade of the world stands
now and has stood since the decline
of Venice, England occupies precisely
the best business stand on earth. Ma
cauley once said something like that,
without the added truth that nations
change, and the routes of commerce
change with changing conditions. With
reference to the commerce of the fu
ture, the United States holds the key
of the Pacific and occupies in addition
the* best stands for business on both
sides of the world's coming trade high-,
way.
The Pacific is the ocean of the fu
ture. Upon its waters there is des
tined to grow up, within the present
century, the world's greatest com
merce, and the nation that holds the
key to the Pacific will become the
world's greatest commercial nation-
Men who see far have seen this for a
long time past. The lands that border
the Atlantic are old lands, destined to
slow growth, while the Pacific lands
are new, with their natural resources
hardly yet touched, or old lands only
just beginning to feel the awakening
touch of modern commercial progress.
The Pacific Ocean is the ocean of the
future and the key of the Pacific is
the Isthmus of Panama.
BY SOLOMON NEILJ, SHHRIDAX.
(Philippine War Correspondent New York
Herald.)
(Copyright, 1003. by Joseph B. Bowles.)
Future of Pacific Trade.
AT this season of the year there-are many appeals to
the people of San Francisco for assistance to the
charitable 1 institutions of the city. That these ap
peals are numerous is not a matter for complaint, but for
just pride and congratulations. They stand as convinc
ing evidence of the broad and generous humanity of the
community. Some are directly sustained by the munici
pality, some by churches, some by fraternal or benevo
lent associations, and some by the voluntary contributions
of men and women of all classes, organizations and
creeds. By whatever means they are ostensibly sup
ported, however, their deep' foundation is the charitable
spirit of the people as a whole. By the zeal of the sup
porters of one off the institutions those of another are
encouraged and Thus all work together, though in diverse
ways, for the care and comforting of all the unfortunate"
among us.
Without a single exception the newspapers of the city
have opened their columns freely to these appeals. The
Call has gladly borne its share in this work and to-day
renews its urging that each and all of the fortunate ones
of the city should in proportion to his means give lib
erally, promptly and cordially to the maintenance of such
of these ins,tituttions as most appeal to his sympathies
or to his judgment of what is most needed at this time
in the way of charitable work among us.
No one who has prospered in life has any right to look
upon these Christmas appeals for liberal giving as an im
position or an importunity. As a matter of fact those,
who make the appeals have given of their time, their
energies and their money through the year far more than
they ask of others. Most of the appeals come in the
name of women, whose labors in behalf of the suffering
poor and unfortunate are sufficiently great to. justly en
title them to the highest reverence for their self-sacri
ficing devotion to the cause of humanity. Every one
should deem it an honor to be associated with them in
their work if it be only for a day.
Let it be borne 'in mind then by all who read these
Christmas appeals in the name of Chanty that the cause
is a noble one and the workers are worthy. Our city is
prosperous, opulent and in many ways prodigal. We
have made for ourselves a name for liberality and gen
erosity that is renowned throughout the world. Let us
now live up to it in our dealings with our own needy
ones. It is the season of love and of charity; it is the
time when the common brotherhood of humanity is
more keenly felt than at any other period of the year,
and no man should allow it to pass without doing some
thing to provn his sympathy with all that is being done
among us to minister to the distressed and to the or
phans, so that even the weakest and the poorest may have
some-share in that abundance of the good things of life
which has been vouchsafed to our city, our State and our
country.
CHRISTMAS CHARITY.
Vice presidents receive in some in
stances as large salaries as railroad
presidents. For instance. Vice Presi
dent Warren of the Chicago, Rock Isl
and and Pacific, who Is actually in
E. H. Harriman, president of the
Southern Pacific Railroad, receives
merely a nominal salary. He fixes
the amount himself, it is asserted, so
that it will cover his actual expenses
in his semi-annual inspections of the
road. This was Collis P. Hunting
ton's policy. One year Mr. Hunting
ton gave up his salary entirely when
unfavorable ' business conditions Im
pelled him to retrench and cut down
the salaries of all other officers and
employes of the road. When James
J. Hill became interested in the Erie
Railroad he desired to have F. D. Un
derwood take the presidency. Mr.
Underwood was comfortably situated
as vice president of the Baltimore and
Ohio, and he had no wish to make
any change. He was tempted, as com
mon report has it, to go to the Erie
at a salary of $30,000. Melville E.
Ingalls desired to relinquish the presi
dency of the Cleveland, Cincinnati,
Chicago and St. Louis (Big Four)
Railroad a few years ago for the rea
son that he yearned for a prolonged
sojourn in Europe and a permanent
residence in New York- His success
as a business getter so impressed "Wil
liam K. Vanderbilt and J. Pierpont
Morgan, who control this road, that
they added to their personal solicita
tions a suggeselion that he name- his
own salary. Mr. Ingalls has declined
to say what . figure he marked, but
close friends of his say that he.ei
pressed content with $35,000. Sam
uel Sloan served for several years as
president of the Delaware, Lacka
wanna and Western Railroad for $10,
000 per annumi His successor.'Wil
liam H. TruesdAle, is said ' to receive
$25,000. 3HB
• • •
James J. Hill, president and prin
cipal owner of the Great Northern
Railway system, it is said, draws a
salary of $40,000. This figure also
heads the payroll of the Southern
Railway Company as the salary of
President Samuel Spencer. George F.
Baer. president of the great Reading'
system, which includes the Jersey
Central road, and W. B. Leeds, pres
ident of the Rock Island system, it is
understood, each receive a like
amount.
In most instances the salaries of
presidents of important railroads
range from $25,000 to $30,000. It is
a topic of Wall street gossip that the
New York. New Haven and Hartford,
in order to induce Charles S. Mellen,
the executive head of the Northern
Pacific, to accept the presidency of
the New England system, offered him
an increase of $7500 above his salary
as president of the Northern Pacific.
This would make his present salary
$32,500. Marvin Hughitt, president
of the Chicago and Northwestern,
draws a salary of $40,000, and Hor
ace G. Burt, president of the Union
Pacific, is supposed to get the same
amount.
George J. Gould is probably the poor
est paid railroad president in the busi
ness. His salary as president of the
Manhattan Railway Company is $5 per
year. The elevated railroad system in
New York is now controlled and oper
ated under a long lease by the com
pany which is building the subway
traction road, and the Manhattancom
pany simply exists to preserve its cor
porate rights. Mr. Gould's salary as
president of the Missouri Pacific sys
tem is whatever he chooses to make it.
The prevailing belief is that it is now
J25.000.
President A. J. Cassatt of the Penn
sylvania Railroad is now the best paid
railroad president in America. His sal
ary is $CO,000 per annum, and his asso
ciates in the management of the great
railroad system of which he is the head
pay that his compensation would be
much more if he should express a de-
Fire to have it increased.
• « »
Soon after James G. Blaine resigned
President Benjamin Harrison sent for
Chauneey M. Denew and offered him
the Cabinet portfolio of Secretary of
State. Although impressed by the high
compliment paid to him. Mr. Depew de
clined the offer. "To accept this posi
tion," he raid, "I will be obliged to sur
render an annual income of $100,000.
and I cannot afford to do that just
now."
Mr. Depew was at that time president
of the New York Central Railroad, as
well as president of the West Shore
road, and he held other lucrative posi
tions, railroad and otherwise. His sal
ary as president of the New York Cen
tral was $50,000 per annum. Since that
time Senator Depew has benefited by
fomc large legacies — including one of
$200,000 from Cornelius Vanderbilt— and
he has been successful in other finan
cial enterprises. He now holds the of
fice of chairman of the board of di
rectors of the principal* Vanderbilt
•oads and he receives from that source
In income possibly a little less than the
amount paid him as president of the
New York Central. President William
H. Newman of the New York Central
and the Lake Shore railroad companies
is said to receive an annual salary of
$40,000.
Npw York San.)
fCcpvripht. 1»C3. *>y Joseph B. Bowles.)
(Forrcer Railroad Editor New York Times ar.i
BT EAHIj I>. BERRX.
Salaries of Magnates.
agree that business has been slow for
such a long time that they must get
money, and therefore they are raising
the prices.
"Business has not been affected by
the weather, but shares the depression
which is ascribed mostly to the Stock
Exchange and-tho prolonged effects of
the war in South Africa. The head of
a Regent street department store said:
'The Stock Exchange is the best barom
eter we have. When money is tight the
people spend less in luxuries. There is
a scarcity of money, and the people
are economizing all they can.*
"The railways to all the holiday re
sorts report that the year has been a
bad one for passenger traffic. The
Erighton line, which is about the most
popular, shows a shrinkage of over
£5000 a week in the receipts as com
pared with those of a year ago."
England ; and Holland, who'have been quick to present
enormous claims against Panama, seem to see in the
new repubJic another. fat and easy bird to^ pluck. They
will probably reform their first opinion when they
realize that Panama is of the brood of the American
eagle and is not yet able to take care of itself. Uncle
Sam certainly is not in the "business of making republics
for the profit of his trans-Atlantic friends.
THE statistics of organized labor disclosed at the
meeting of the American Federation are of very
great interest. During the year $75,000 was spept in
organization by 68 organizers, who organized 1747 new
unions, adding 442,100 new members, and bringing the
total strength of the Federation up to 1,745,270 individ
uals. The receipts from all sources were $247,802 96,
and the expenditures were $196,015 57, leaving $6o,
7&7 39 cash on hand. The strikes during the year were
1620, costing the unions $2,768,311 98. These statistics
make an imposing exhibit of the power, and resources of
organization.
The socialists proved to be very .strong in the Feder
ation, and when the issue was' made a very significant in
crease in that element was divulged. President Gompers
stated that next year would be a banner year for organ
ization on account of the Presidential campaign. A fear
was felt that the socialists were availing themselves of
the opportunity to control labor organizations, by join
ing and massing their vote. The convention voted to give
the executive committee unlimited authority and money
to use in fighting injunctions and defeating all legal pro
ceedings against unions.' The law department of" the
Federation was strengthened for this purpose, and a
programme was marked out which implies much work
for the courts and much employment for, lawyers.
Of course the general sentiment was for the closed
shop and the control of all labor by the organization,
with such limitation of apprenticeship as to give the
Federation a very firm control of the whole labor situa
tion. It is apparent that non-union labor has a strenuous
future before iti, in the face of this widespread and pow
erful Federation, determined that men shall work only
under its license and conditions. ' Much less attention
than was expected was given to the principles laid down
by the arbitrators of the hard coal strike, and the Federa
tion evidently feels strong enough to proceed indepen
dently of those principles.
This is the most formidable organization of labor ever
known, though its membership is still a minority of the
total labor of the country. During the past year great
progress was made in unionizing farm labor, especially in
the upper Mississippi valley, where the same principles
and methods are applied as have become familiar in
manufacturing and mercantile lines. Farmers were genr
erally found easy to control, when they discovered that
if their crop were characterized as unfair it was likely
to rot on their hands because of the impossibility of
breaking through the several and powerful obstructions
placed between it and the market. The power of organi
zation was found to increase with the perishability of
the crop and the growers of fruit and root crops and
truck vegetables were more easily subjected than the
grain and livestock menj
The sentiment of the convention was against any re
duction of wages to meet a possible tightening of the
times. This followed Mr. Gompers' counsel that wages
should remain the same, and it implies trouble in the im
mediate future, since the high price of raw cotton and
the falling off in demand in the metal trade are already
causing a reduction in wages. It is a grave question*
whether labor will not be more benefited by keeping the
same number of men at work, thougli at a reduced wage,
than by compelling the employers to meet the commer
cial situation by giving employment to a far less number
at the existing high wage. There is no power that can
compel a man to continue in business or run it-at a loss
in order to give employment to labor. Is it not better
to tide over tight times by keeping all labor employed
and earning, even at reduced wage, than to disemploy a
large part of it in order to pay high wages to the rest?
The ingenuity of man has devised no better system to
keep the capital of the country moving than by paying
wages to labor. The wage roll of the United States re
quires to pay it the use of the entire stock of money in
the country many times over every year. When em
ployment ceases the volume of money is the same, but it
is not circulated by the payment of wages, and the result
is the stagnation of business and harder times. A panic
may be averted by keeping all labor employed at a living
wage, but it is made surer and harder by the cessation of
wages.
In the best. days of English labor unions very philo
sophical attention was given to the household economies
of the laboring people. By co-operation in the purchase
of domestic supplies of the necessaries of life the pur
chasing power of wages was enlarged to equal the differ
ence between wholesale and retail prices, and it became
the custom to buy wholesale. The power of labor or
ganization in this country may be used some time to
direct attention to such economies, which will leave labor
in a , less dependent condition in the presence of hard
times.
charge of the operation of that road,
gets $40,000. and it is a matter of com
mtrn report that .Viqe President Stubba
of the Southern Pacific, the traffic di
rector of all of the Harriman lines, was
offered $50,000 a year by the Rock Isl
and management, and refused the of
fer because Mr. Harriman made It an
object for him to stay in his present
position.' Jacob Kruttschnitt, assistant
to the president, fourth vice president
and general manager of the Southern
Pacific Railroad, gets 535,000 a year,
which is more than the salary that any
Southern Pacific president has ever re
ceived. Mr. Kruttschnitt knows every
part of the Southern Pacific system.
One "f the older directors of the South
ern Pacific said ihf> other day that he
believed that "Jake" Kruttschnitt could
tell by number the location of every tie
on the road.
"When H. Walter Webb, who died
from overwork, started in as third vice
president of the New York Central
Railroad, in charge of operation, he
received $10,000 a year. This was speed
ily increased to J20.000, and when he
resigned on account of ill health Wil
liam K. Vanderbilt said to him: "I
am jrrieved that your physical condi
tion impels you to leave us, but if a
year's vacation and a salary of $30,000
a year is any inducement stick to the
New York Central." Vice President Paul
Morton of the Atchison is one of the
large salaried railroad officials, and he
is said to have refused an offer of
$35,000 a year to go to the Rock
Island.
"Take a good look at this woman and
see if you know her." These were the
words of one of the grave caretakers
in Laurel Hill Cemetery a few days ago
as a woman was approaching with a
bunch of flowers in her hand.
"There's quite a mystery about that
woman," he continued. "Just seven
years ago John Blank was buried up
there," pointing in the direction in
which the woman was going, "and from
that time to this two women who claim
to be his widows come regularly every
month and each one plants a bouquet
on hia grave. In each case on their ar
rival the one will pick up the bouquet
that the other one leaves on the grave
and throw it as far away as she can,
planting her own in its stead. At first
for about a year they used to come
regularly every week, but of late years
they come only monthly. One comes on
the 1st and the other on the 15th of
each month, with a clock-like regular
ity. yv r ith equal regularity^ the flowers
on the grave are'' thrown away and a
rival bunch left."
"Who was the man?"
"He was John Blank, a well-to-do
sortof a fellow- who lived a dual life,
giving each woman to understand that
6he was his wife. "When he died both
women went into deep mourning over
him and have kept it up ever since.
They seem to realize that they must
not meet, for a fight would outrage the
sanctity of the graveyard, but they
content themselves by throwing one
another's flowers away."
JVidozi's' Strife.
The crop marketed from the Davisville district brought
in $50,000 in round figures -to the owners of almond
groves. The members of the - Davisville association,
so says the Democrat, received 1 cent per pound more
for their almonds than did any of their competitors in
the same line.
comparatively new. The figures . submitted in reports
show that the shipments of the season amounted to 250
tons of almonds in the shell and four tons of shelled
nuts. The total bulk does not compare with the magni
tude of the deciduous fruit shipments from the same
section, but the plans of the association are to enlarge
its scope. \
the output and to all others with whom the association
did business.
This • movement will attract attention because it is
LABOR STATISTICS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 19,- 1903.'
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
THE SAN FRANGISCO O ALL
JOHN D. SPFECKELS, Proprietor. . . . . . V . . . Address All Commtinications to JOHN HcNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office - • Third and Market Streets, S. F.
SATURDAY .' . . . .DECEMBER 10. iqo.i
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8
It is time to express Townsend's Glaca
Fruits East for Christmas now. •
Pocketbooks. wrist bags, letter and
card cases. blU books, cigar cases and
manicure sets for Christmas. Lettered •
free. Sanborn. Vail 8z Co. •
To-wnsend's California elace fruits and *
candies. 50c a pound. In artistic fire-
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market si. above Call bids. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali-
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •An evening of psychic entertain
ment will be that given by Dr. Alex
J. Mclvor-Tyndall at Steinway Hall
to-morrow night. Dr. Mclvor-Tyn
dall will explain the phenomena pro
duced by the famous "Georgia Mag
net" and give a demonstration of the
powers made famous by her. This
will be the last public appearance here
this selson of the famous exponent
of psychic science and there will
doubtless be a large audience. Those
who desire to do so may reserve their
seats at Steinway Hall box office
this afternoon. In addition to
the wonders of magnetism produced
by the Georgia wonder there will be
entertaining experiments' in the phe
nomena of thought transference, tel
epathy, psychometry and clairvoy
ance.
Tyndall's Psychic Show.
President Harriman has again un
dertaken to curtail expenses In the of
fices of the operating department of
the 'Southern Pacific Company, this
time the pruning knife being applied
to the payrolls. As a result of recent
instructions from the management of
the road a reduction of salaries is be
ing made. The edict has gone forth
that all employes of the accounting
and auditing departments, who are re
ceiving more than $100 a month, shall
suffer a reduction of $10 a month.
It is stated that General Manager
Kruttschnitt had in mind a similar
reduction of salaries in the traffic de
partment of the road, but the first
move In that direction received a stern
remonstrance from Vice President
Stubbs in Chicago, who reminded Mr.
Kruttschnitt that as traffic manager
of the Harriman lines it rested with
him whether salaries in his particular
department should be curtailed and he
announced that he. was not prepared
to make any cuts. In consequence
none of the employes of the traffic de
partment of the Southern Pacific Com
pany have had their incomes inter
fered with, but they arr^howing no
outward signs of rejoicing, for they
fear that President Harriman may at
any time extend hia economical plan
and lop off a few dollars of their sal
aries.
Reductions to Apply Mainly to the
Local Accounting Departments of
Southern Pacific System.
RAILROAD MAKES A CUT
IX EMPLOYES' SALARIES
The San Francisco Savings Union has
taken a hand in the row between the
directors and stockholders of the Co
lumbia Brewing Company. Yesterday
it filed two suits, one against August
F. Meyer, owner of 3000 shares of stock
in the concern, and the other against
Martin Ulrich, the secretary. The suit
against Meyer is for $15,000 damages
for an alleged breach of faith, and
the suit against Ulrich is for an In
junction restraining him from issuing
a certificate for 1500 shares of stock un
til such time as the question of the
ownership of the stock held by Meyer
is determined.
It appears from the complaint that
in January of last year Meyer and H.
D. Ulrich, president of the brewing
company, deposited .with the banking
company an envelope containing 3000
shares of stock In the concern. It was
agreed at the time, the plaintiff al
leges, that the envelope was not to be
opened by any one unless both Ulrich
and Meyer were present, and was not
to J be given to either one of the de
positors without the consent or •pres
ence of the other. Notwithstanding
this agreement, the plaintiff alleges
Meyer on December 16 came into the
bank and obtained possession of the
envelope and took it away with him.
It was returned the next day minus a
certificate for. 1500 shares of stock, and
the bank officials allege that it was ab
stracted by Meyer. The stock is val
ued at. $15,000, and that amount is
named by the bank in its prayer for
judgment. •»
Plaintiff Avers That the
Defendant Surreptitiously
Took Stock From the Bank
ACCUSATION IS SERIOUS
Savings Union Sues Him for
Heavy Damages for Alleged
Breach .of an Agreement
FRAUD CHARGED
AGAINST MEYER
A second will* made by the late
George W. Benson was filed for pro
bate yesterday. The first was filed
Thursday. In the first one Benson
left all of his property except a ranch
in Missouri to his wife, Bertha M.
Benson. The ranch he left to his
daughter, Eleanor Daily, of Chicago.
In the ' document filed yesterday he
directs that Mrs. Benson is to receive
nothing from his estate but the ' in
surance on his life and gives Mrs.
Daily the remainder.
Two .Benson Wills Filed.
Outfits for oil painting, water color
drawing and taking photographs are de
sirable for Christmas. Sanborn, Vail &
Co. \ •
., Clarke alleges that on December 7,
while he was intoxicated, he visited a
notorious house at 318 Sutter street,
where he met Rosalind Bower, famil
iarly known as the "Sweet Pea Girl,"
in whose company he remained for sev
eral days. During that time he claims
that she and certain confederates,
whose names he does not know, caused
him.to drink large quantities of liquors
which finally deprived him of his power
of reasoning,- and that while- in this
state the defendant took him into her
custody, induced him to go across the
bay, where she secured a license and
procured Rev. Mr. Van de Mark to go
through the form of a marriage cere
,mony. . .
it"was intimated to Mrs. Clarke early
yesterday that the \ suit would be
brought during the day, and . she was
in' conference with her attorney, O. K.
Cushing, for several hours preparing a
defense to the suit. It was announced
later in the, day that the wife has en~
gaged additional counsel to assist At
torney Cushing in her case, and that
she has been assured by the latter that
she has no reason to fear the outcome.
In discussing her defense yesterday
afternoon Mrs. Clarke said that her at
torney had nearly a dozen witnesses
who would testify to the condition of
Clarke just prior to and Immediately
after the Oakland marriage and would
also be able to prove beyond any ques
tion of doubt that he was fully cogni
zant of the step he was taking.
"An offer has been made by my hus
band's attorney to effect a compro
mise," said Mrs. Clarke, "but I -in
sisted that my only compromise would
be that he return to me. Now thattie
has brought his suit I will fight it .to
the end. I do not purpose to give him
a divorce, for I am satisfied that If he
was taken beyontl the' Influences of his
relatives he- would not have gone to
court, but would eventually have
sought a reconciliation. Day and night
I am being d6gged by detectives.
"Even this morning these men were
in the hotel trying to gain information
regarding my conduct at the Lick, and
otherwise trying to annoy me. I havn
some good friends, however, who have
offered to stand by me. Even the
trades people from whom my husband
ordered dresses and jewelry, which he
afterward instructed them not to give
me, have assured me of their sympa
thy and will testify in niy behalf at
the hearing of this suit."
It was stated yesterday that Mrs.
Clarke's attorneys will bring a coun
ter suit against her husband for main
tenance.
married secretly in Oakland shortly
after midnight last Saturday. Yester
day a suit for the annulment of his
marriage was filed with the County
Clerk, the pummons in the case having
been served on Mrs. Rosalind Bower-
Clarke earlier in the day at her apart
ments in the Lick House. In his com
plaint the husband sets up a claim of
unsound mind, extending over a period
of -several days, resultant of heavy
drinking; and disclaims all
of the matrimonial contract of which
he was a party and entered in$o under
the spiritual direction of Rev. Mr. Van
de Mark in the latter's home across
the bay. j i "i* : -
E. K. Clarko has appealed to the
courts to free him from the woman he
"Sweet Pea Girl," Ready for a
Bitter Fight, Threatens to
Institute Counter Action
SAYS MIX!) WAS UNSOUND
Files a Suit for the Annul
ment of Kecent Secret Mar
riage to Rosalind' II. Bower
CLARKE SEEKS
HIS FREEDOM
SANTA CnUZ, Dec. 18.— Adolph Schetke.
who robbed a fellow-employe at Kron't tan
nery of $.';<•<». pleaded guilty to-day and was
sentenced by Judge Doollng to eighteen w>«w>«im f
imprisonment In San Quentin.
trial of Agob Gazarian began before
Judge Church this morning. "There
was a general desire to hear the tes
timony concerning the vagaries and
conduct of the notable looking Ar
menian, who imagines that he is Je
sus Christ, but whose delusions caused
no alarm up to the time that he dis
charged his revolver in. Judge Aus
tin's court. The Jury adjudged him
insane.
FRESNO, Dec. 18. — There was
standing room only when the insanity
Gazarian Is Adjudged Insane.
Health Officer O'Brien swore out
warrants yesterday for the arrest of
Frank Marty of the Mount Hamilton
Dairy; K. M. "Forbes, baker at 515
Third street, and F. M. Lund, keeper
of a restaurant at 215 Grant avenue,
For having milk in their possession be
low the standard.
Milk Below Standard.
City ' Attorney Lane advised the
Board of Supervisors yesterday that
he is unable to find a theory upon
which the board would be warranted
to refuse to assess for taxation a strip
of land twenty feet wide near the
junction of the southern boundary of
the Presidio and Locust street. An
attempt at dedication as a public
street was made by deed from the
owner, Mrs. Bowers, who requested
that it be exempted from taxation.
Lane says the street was never legal
ly dedicated according to charter re
quirements and he advises that the
property be taxed as private property.
Was Never Dedicated as Street.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces that the fol
lowing examinations will be held at
San Francisco: Heating and ventil
ating draughtsman, supervising arch
itect's office, Ttreasury Department,
application form 1312, January 12 and
13, 1904; interpreter (Dutch and
Flemish), .immigration service, Jan
uary 12, 1904, application forms 304
and 1141. Apply to the United States
Civil Service Commission, Washing
ton, D. C. or to the secretary of* the
Consolidated Board of Civil Service
Examiners, 301 Jackson street, for
application forms, which should be
filed with the commission at Wash-
Civil Service Examination.
Death of a Young Mother.
Mrs. Edna Brenzel, a married
woman, 19 years of age, residing with
her husband at 2722 Diamond street,
died at 6 o'clock yesterday morning
after having given birth to a son on
the preceding afternoon. Dr. E. W.
Thomas, the attending physician,
called the attention of Coroner Le
land to the case, as he was at a loss
to account for the woman's death In
any other way than by the theory of
heart disease. An autopsy by Morgue
Surgeon Bacigalupi disclosed the fact
that death had been caused by a blood
clot in the heart. The baby is alive.
Californians In Xew York-
NEW YORK. Dec. 18. — The follow
ing Calif ornians are in New. York:
From San Diego — L. R. Keeley, at the
Marlborough.
From San Francisco — E. W. Bearz
ley, at the Grand; W. J.'Beerman, at
the Continental; A. Ferguson and
wife, at the Woodward; C. T. Forrest,
at the Broadway Central; S. Holden,
at the Metropolitan; H. H. Katz, at
the Astor; C. H. Schasten, at" the Bar
tholdi; T. W. Spriggs and wife, at the
Astor; W. H. Warren and wife, at the
Sinclair; T. A. Hamilton, at the Man
hattan; W. P. Kendall, at the Grand.
The foregoing are in addition to the
three barricades ordered on wooden
sidewalks on Twenty-second street,
near Guerrero; Twenty-third and Mis
sion streets and on Eighteenth street,
near Dolores. Action is taken by the
board to compel property-owners to
ccrstruct new sidewalks where the old
ones are considered dangerous, in view
of the recent jury verdict of $5000
against the board secured by Mrs.
Dora' Heath, who was injured on
Buchanan street.
The Board of Public Works yester
day directed A. J. Donovan, office
deputy of the Bureau of Streets, to
forthwith cause the construction of
barricades inclosing sidewalks in front
of the folowing described premises:
West side of Fillmore street, between
Union and Filbert. Mrs. Emerson
owner; east line of Fifth street, com
mencing at a point twenty feet north
from Clara street, northrly forty feet;
351 to 361 Fifth street, Thomas Doug
las owner; sidewalk opposite 20
Belcher street; sidewalk at southwest
corner of Fifth* and Harrison streets,
80x87:6 feet. Rose Byrne owner.
Will Comi>el Property-Owners to Re
place Dangerous Pavements In
Compliance With Ordinances.
BOARD OF WORKS ORDERS
SIDEWALKS BARRICADED
The ladies connected with the work
are engaged at the school every even
ing with the pupils dressing dolls and
filling stockings. Each Little Mother
is being shown how to dress a doll
for the baby at home.
There will also be presents for the
older girls, now employed in families,*
that attended the school three years
ago. Handbags, handkerchiefs, neck
wear and gloves are solicited for these
older girls. Many people could send
clothing that their own children have
outgrown; such things will come in
nicely for the . Little Mothers. The
ladies who are giving their time to
the Little Mothers' School are:
Mrs. M. S. B. Sheppard, Mrs. Clifford
G. Dennis, Miss Martha Cobb Snow,
Miss Florence E. Mayer, Mrs. 'Jacob
S. Meyer. Mrs. S. C. ©obie, Mrs R. M.
Collier, Mrs. R. K. Anderson and Miss
D. Swett.
The management of . the Little
Mothers' Training School at 942 Har
rison street appeals to the public for
clothing, dolls, books, candy, pop
corn and toys of all kinds for the
large Christmas tree that is being ar
ranged for several hundred children.
The Little Mothers will not only bring
their little brothers. and sisters, but all
their little friends who would not
otherwise receive gifts.
Little Mothers' Training
School Managers Is
sue Appeal.
ONE OF THE LITTLE MOTH
ERS, WHO HAVE A BIG
CHRISTMAS TREE.
corded that Mrs. Maguire learned that
he had disposed of his estate by deed
-and had entirely overlooked his little
granddaughter.
Attorneys S. C. Denson, Bert Schles
inger and J. J. Sullivan represented
the little girl. '
¦ » «
Little Alice Ruth Maguire. the 10
year-old daughter of the late Andrew
Maguire and granddaughter of the late
pioneer, Owen Maguire, has won her
battle for a portion of her grand
fathers wealth. In a dismissal filed
yesterday of the suit brought by her
mother, Marlon A. Maguire, against
Dr. Charles S. Maguire. her brother
in-law, who, by a deed executed less
than two months prior to old Ma
guire's death, acquired all of his $ 75,
000 estate, the announcement was
made that a compromise had been ef
fected and that the little girl would
receive her just dues. Just as soon as
arrangements can be completed Dr.
Maguire will, according to reliable au
thority, turn over to his little niece
several first-class mortgages, worth in
all $15,000. He will also, during the
minority of the little girl, or for a
period -of right years, pay her the sum
of 550 a month. It is on these condi
tions that Mrs. Maguire waives all the"
claims against her brother-in-law and
also waives ri&ht to take an appeal of
any sort.
The legal battle over the wealth of
eyed Owen Mcguire was commenced
er-.vrr'-.l n-.oi-ths ago by the n"l'n<j by
J^'::rioii A. Hu^ViTC, widow of Andrew
t!:i*yuife and mother of 7 the baby
Clah&ant* cf a suit to set aside the <vm
c*yance ly which her father-in-iaw
gave to Dr. Maguire, the defendant in
Ike suit. alJ his- realty and mon.?y in
bank. The property involved is worth •,
about 575.000 and the action was j
based on the ground that the physi- t
cian. by reason of the fact that his I
father had been a resident of his home !
for many years prior to his death, had
obiained an influence over him and
exerted it to the detriment of the other j
members of the Maguire family, par- j
ticnlurly his little niece. Mrs. Ma- j
guire therefore asked the court to de- i
dare that her little daughter was en- j
titled to that half of her grandfather's j
property her father would have re- !
ceived if he were alive, the old man |
having died intestate. i
The complaint recited that Owen
Maguire after the death of his wife,
Ann, had gone to live with his son, the j
physician. His wife's death preyed I
upon his mind to such an extent that
he became mentally weak and depend
ent While in that condition, averred
the plaintiff. Dr. Maguire kept from
him all knowledge of her and her }
daughter and allowed the old man to I
see only these whom he knew would j
not interfere with his alleged plan to j
acquire the old man's wealth. She al
leged that in accordance with this plan
he had prepared a conveyance which
gave to him all his father's realty, his |
deposits in the banks and other per- |
sonal property, and on May 26 of last
year prevailed upon his father, at that
time 75 years of age, to sign it. Two j
months later the old man died and it |
was only when the conveyance was re- j
Since the former trial Mrs. Dunning's
father has joined the silent majority.
He and Lees were Important witnesses,
but the District Attorney thinks he will
be able to connect the various links in
the chain of evidence against the de
fendant broken by the deaths of Lees
and Pertnington by other witnesses.
The crime of which she was charged
was a most atrocious one. She had be
come infatuated with John P. Dunning,
a newspaper man, and it ia alleged that
on August 4, 1898, she posted a box of
poisoned candy to Dunning*s wife, Mrs.
Mary Elizabeth Dunning, who was at
that time stopping with her father.
John B. Fennington, at Dover, Del.
Mrs. Dunning received the box of can
dy on August 9, and she and her sister,
Mrs. Ida H. Deane. ate heartily of it.
Mrs. Deane died on August 11 and Mrs.
Dunning the following day after suf
fering great pain. Two children par
took of the candy, but they recovered.
The late Chief of Police Lees handled
the case and soon had Mrs. Botkin un
der arrest. *
The former trial of Mrs. Botkin was
one of the most sensational in the an
nals of the criminal courts In this
State. She was convicted by a jury in
Judge Cook's court of murder in the
first degree on December 30, 1898, with
the penalty of imprisonment for life.
Subsequently she was granted a new
trial by the Supreme Court on the
ground of the Judge's misdirection
the jury, and has been in the County
Jail since.
The case of Mrs. Cordelia Botkln,
charged with murder, will be placed on
the calendar in Judge Cook's court this
morning and a date will be fixed for
her second trial. The Judge made this
order yesterday after consultation with
District Attorney Byington, the object
being to have the trial at as early a
day after New Year as possible. Ar
rangements have been made to bring
the witnesses from Delaware, and they
have all consented to be present at the
trial.
Suit to Set Aside Convey
ance Dismissed and Xo
tifc of Settlement Filed
Defendant Accused of Sending
Box of Poisoned Candy to
the Wife of John P. Dunning
DOVER WITNESSES BEADY
COMPROMISES WITH* NIECE
]>r. Charles S. Magnire Parts
AVith Portion of the Wealth
Deeded Him by His Father
Case to Be Placed on Judge
Cook's Calendar That Date
for Hearing May Be Fixed
BOTKIN TRIAL
DRAWING NEAR
BABY CLAIMANT
WINS HER SUIT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALt, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1903.
ASKS GIFTS
FOR THEIR
BIG TREE
9
AMUSEMENTS.
\j I CO WHERE THEY'LL, m\
** I MAKE YOU LAUGH. * ¦
Joseph Hart -»»
Carrie De-Mar — ?EN
In W. A. Brady's Musical Comedy Hit,
FOXY
GRANDPA
ALL NEXT WEEK.
bULUlwSaAlEklG THEAT2
MATIMTEE TO-DAY
TO-NIGHT AND AI.Ii NEXT WSEZ,
SPECI AIi MATINEE CHRISTMAS.
F. C. WHITNEY PRESENTS
The Queen of Singing Com«dienn*s,
LULU
GLASER
In Stange and Edwards' Dainty Comic Opera.
DOLLY VARDEN.
COMING— "The Girl With the Green Eyes."
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY). DEC. 19.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c: Chil-
dren, any part except reserved, 10c.
ALLURING VAUDEVILLE I
Henri Humbert}-; The Tobins; Joan
linden's "Cycle of Ix>ve"; Pauline
Hall; Francesca Redding and Com-
pany; Hlncs anil Remington; "Bon-
ncr"; The Brlttons and Orpheum
Motion Pictures.
Commencing to-morrow afternoon, the
Great Orpheum Road Show.
LAST MATINEE TO-DAY.
LAST NIGHT.
J. H. STODDART
REUBEN F*f\JC
In IAN MacLAREN'S COMEDY SUCCESS,
The Bonnie Brier Bush
Week Beginning To-Morrow Matinee
BENEFITS FOR THE WIDOWS' AND OR-
PHANS 1 FUND. IS. F. FIRE DEPT.
MAY STOCKTON IN "A LITTLE OUTCAST"
AND LIFE-SAVING DRA"MA BY MEMBERS
OF TtXE FIRE DEPARTMENT. \
"What makes you look so happy?"
Asked the man. morose and blue;
"That's easy," said Bis grinning friend,
"I've just «een «
\ ¦"l-O-U' T ~\
"Go Thou and Do Likewise," and See a Splen-
did Production of a Great Musical Comedy.
Our "All Star" Cast. Including Kolb and
Dill, Winfleld Blake. Maude Amber. Georgia
O'Ramey, Ben T. Dillon, .AKhea Twin Sisters,
Allen Curtis (his first appearance.)
Our Grand Chorus of Fifty Beautiful Voices.
Magnificent Costumes and Novel Stage Effects.
Reserved Seats — 75c, 50c and 23c.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday. 25c and 50c.
SPECIAL MATINEE CHRISTMAS DAY.
TIV0U&5&
Corner Mason and Eddy Streets.
' GB AHTD OFENHffG,
WEDNESDAY EVENXtTQ. December 23.
SPECIAL MATINEE, CHRISTMAS DAY.
Magnificent Production of the Holiday Spec-
tacle,
IXION
Or "THE WHEE1MAJI,"
A Mythological Musical Extravaganza In
Three Acts.
See Bothwell Browne's Beautiful Ballets
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.. 25c, 00c and 75c
Proscenium and Mezzanine Box Seats $1 00
Seats now on sale at the Old TlvoU.
RacingipB^kini!
EVERY WEEK DAY. RAIN OR SHINE.
NEW CALIFORNIA_JOCKEY CLUB.
INGLESIDE TRACK
Commencing MONDAY, DgjCember : 14.
Six or More Race's Daily.
Races start at 2 p. m. ' sharp.
Reached by streetcar from any part of tha city.
Train leaves Third and Townsend streets at
1 -.15 p. - m. and leaves the track immediately
after the last race. No smoking; In last two
cars, which are reserved 'for ladles and their
escorts.
¦ THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
- PERCY W. TREAT. ' Secretary.
Weekly Call, $1 Der Tear
ADVEBTISEMEXTS.
\ __R_U__[
Christmas « *» Booklovcrs
'A^ good book is a comforting kind of Christmas
present; and a good book^ which you can ex-
change* for another good 'book as often as you
like keeps the pleasure of the gift^. revolving from
week to week. We shall take care of your order in
a pleasing way. Here are a few of our special |
Christmas offers: 'y..~S-
$1.50. A new Tabard Inn book exhangeable forever.
6.00. Booklovers Membership (ono year) also Booklovers Magazine (ona
y«ar). • - .
S.76. Boo-lovera Membership and two Magazines: Booklovers and Book-
man. ' *
6.25. Booklovers Membership and three Magazines: two above and Cos-
mopolitan.
Mag-ilne* may be ¦eat to different afldresw. Call or lend for clrcnlarm.
San Francisco Library: 240 StocKton St.
List of Suburban Branches Upon Application.
Ingleside
Coursing
Park.
SATURDAY and SUNDAY
December 19 and 20.
First run-down on Saturday, beginning at
11:30 o'clock sharp. Sunday coursing- will be-
gin at 10:30 sharp and continue till last win-
ning flag goes up.
TOTAL PRIZES — —$860
All Ml.«.4ion-stre?t cars transfer to Guerrero
cars, which go direct to the park.
THOMAS TIERN'EY. Judge.
i-'-;. EDWARD SHORTSTAG. Slipper.
A T i~S A T A T"» Belasco * Mayer.
ALCAZAR* "ras-
_____ General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. TO-DAY AND SUN.
THE PLAY THAT THRILLS.
Belasco & Fyle's Military Post Drama.
THE GIRL I LEFT
BEHIND ME
Fine Acting. Splendid Stage Picture*.
Evgs., 23c to 70c; Mats. Sat. ft Sun., 13c to 80s.
Next Monday — Big Holiday Production of
BLUE JEANS
The brass band. The pet bull. The barbe-
cue.- The Santa Claus scene. The thrilling
buzzsaw sensation. Order seats In advance.
Market St., near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
The Greatest of All Border Dramas,
THE SCOUT'S
REVENGE
Thrilling Incidents! Powerful CIlmaxesT Mag-
aiflcent Scenery! Splendid Comedy!
Superb Cast!
DDOTIC Evenings 10c to BOo
rnlWt3 Matinees 10c. 13s. 23a
Christmas Week. December 21. |
"ALPHONSE AND GASTON."
B8MTW * T - T> *
And m Great Show Every Afternoon _n4
Evenlnfr In tha Thoroughly
Heated Theater.
TINY TOTS IN THE INFANT INCCBATOKS.
B-JUOBYAS X3T ZBZ ZOO I
LOTS OF FUN IN THE PENNY ARCADE.
Stroll Through tbe MIRROR MAZE.
Seo ANITA and Her BABY MONKET.
10c. Children. 5c.
When Phoning Ask for 'Th« Chutes."
Paiarp dont fail to
laiaWW 8ee the beautiful
j COURT Ixmnzinj
fltili room, the EMPIRE
aUU PARLOR, the
r _ PALM ROOM, tha
1 1 ran fl * louis xv par.
n .f DIES* WRITINO
Motels I r qom -
_#_fi^DEWEY,STRQN6 &C0_<_g^
!* J
MARKET 5X Sp*%£%r^
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USEDAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health an*
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. *'
\Thp Rpal Npvu Ynrk I "~ ) ¦ ¦ ' - " I
a ftp i\*u,l new ivtn, THE PRINCIPAL CHARACTERS
in Smiling Harry, The Sea-Food Man. ¦%&???**>
Howard Paxton,' A Meteor of Yellow Jour-
Mw$@F ?,' • Isoc Bunton, who breaks into Wall Street.
eMs dT^ ~"J^^ 0& Daisy Bunton, who breaks into the theatrical
§$$/ Q^ "i, Mrs - Bunton, who does not break into Society.
BJsja ft ¦ A Jfr The Bannister's, a family of delightful eccen-
fflW £1. y Jack Worthington, with position and wealth.
Qmsl Grace Paxton, an art student.
&M3 J&^b J^)/G7 & J^^b /"^ Gertrude Cast, an emotional young widow.
||||r J The Office of a Yellow Journal. The Slums
fijffll^l . , '.-•'• ' N ¦ I ¦'.- ¦¦¦' ¦ :^S near the Tenderloin. The Rial to and its Green
, .^^^^M^^^iiW^'M^^^Si^^^^^^ Rooms. The Suburbs. The Drawing Rooms
' " / of Society. Wall Street •
• . THE PI 07*
Edward W. Totansend eS^T e^y«kl7v«T
AUTHOR OF I I ','"'' ...''¦' '
"Jl Daughter of the Tenements" This story has plenty of life and color 3
" Chimmie Fadden/' etc* •'¦•-. and the plot is ingeniously 'unfolded. ...
A bright, captivating, 'wholesome story is
Postpaid $l.S0; at any bookttore, or from . "Lees andLeaven." New York Evening Sun
McCLUREs PHI LLIPS& COMPANY,
PUBLISHERS NEW YORK
;"'.V;'' . WmSlBBSSSBBSSa^"'-. ' v ' . ¦ . ... -
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Look at the Brand!
Walter Bakers
> Cocoa and
1 Chocolate
Th9 FINEST in tte World
Costs Less than One Gent a Cup
forty Highest Awards in Europe
and America
Walter Baker & GOi Ltd.
Etbtwifto Doichesfer, Mass.At 10:30 o'clock to-morrow morning
on the Presidio Athletic Grounds in
this city the Thistles will meet the In
dependents in a match for the cham
pionship of the California Association
Football League. C. W. Irish will be
On the cricket ground at Webster
street, Alameda, the Vampires will play
against the Occidentals. Hugh Wil
liamson will be the referee and the ball
will be kicked off at 2:30 p. m.
At Idora Park, Oakland, the Hornets
will measure their strength against the
Albion Rovers. The kick-off will be at
2:30 p. m. and Henry Roberts, secretary
of the California Association Football
League, will be the referee. The Pick
wicks have no match, having drawn
the bye.
The Thistle Club will be represent
ed by:
Lowe, goalkeeper; Tierney. left back; Forrest
(captain), right back: Rlntoul. left half back:
Taylor, center half back; Duncan, right half
back; R. Disher. out3ide left; F. Disher. Inside
left: T. J. Lydon, center forward; A. Disher.
insUe right; J. Smith, outside right.
The Independent team: Forbes, goalkeeper;
Lynch, left back; Armstrong-, right back;
Owens, left half back; Mechels, center half
back; N'olan, right half back; Russell, outsida
left; E. Fay. inside left; Allison, center for
ward; T. Fay, ins.le right; P. Fay. out3ld«
right. :
The Vampire elavrn: Alrth. goalkeeper; Fe
tersen. left back; Martin, right back; Buchly.
left half back: I1-twoo<1, center half back"
Langdale, right halt, back; Wilding, outsid*
left: Kay. inside Utt; Turner, centsr forward;
Showell. inside righ> ; Lees, outside right.
The Occidental club: Chlvers, goalkeeper*
Lloyd, left back; McCarty. right back; Hlg*in».
loft half back: Bo'Tden. center half back; Rob
ertson, rljrht half back; Hayes, outside left-
Holland,. lrjBld« left: Lydcn, center forward-
Evans, inside right; Holland, outsld* right
The Oakland Hornets: C. C. Y. Williamson
goalkeeper: ilUJred left back; Connolly, r'ght
back; Hlrd. left half back; Chambers (captain)
center hair back; McKay, right half back';
Cowell. outside left; Ersklne. Inside left: Shand.
center forward; McKenzie. Inside ri*hf A
Smith, outside right "max. A.
JohT le1J b ba n ckr£n7s; SST& W%Z£
right half back; Bradley, outside left- mil
quei,ne. inside left; E. Orton i center forward"
Gillchrest. Inside right; Goulet. outside rtSt '
To-morrow morning, beginning at U^
o'clock, the second eleven of the Vam
pires will play against the second team
of the Oakland. Hornets on the cricket
ground at Wej«ter street, Alameda,
G. S. K. McCallJim, last year's captain
of the Vampires^ will be the referee.
The most keenly contested and close
ly fought match io-morrow will be that
between the Thlfiles and the Independ
ents. The Thist^s have won all their
matches during the present season, and
the Independent*^ have lost only a sin
gle game. The Vampires stand at the
head of the league table with 11 points,
but they have riayed one more match
than the Thistl*?*, who stand second.
The standing of the clubs is shown in"
the table: i
S\l Mill
CLUBS - T[i ! f | | f
Vampires « 5 O 1 23 I IT
Thistles 5 5 0 0 21 1 10
Independents ..... •"> 4 I I 20 « !>
Hornets « r . 1 •'! 14 8 ?.
Albions * 1 4 1 5 .11 3
Occidentals ... Ci 0 I .T 3 8 | 2.1 3
Plckwlck3 6 0 # ! 5 1 4 I 31 1
Occidentals Will Measure Their
Strength Against Topnotch
ers at Alameda To-Morrow
INDEPENDENTS
PLAY FOOTBALL
WITH THISTLES
, Of the strikes; in Great - Britain last
year 36,917 were sucessf ul.' $5,515 Unsuc
cessful - and 41,645 accepted ¦ compfbmise.'
"¦ ¦ : ¦ ' ¦/. v. ; . ¦#;;;
Playing cards, game counters, poker
chips./. dominoes, chess and checkers, in
elegant cases, for Christmas. Sanbotn,
.Vail & Co. «.
Appraise Jones* Estate.
The estate of the late Winfield S.j
Jones was appraised yesterday at S95.-^
658 06. It consists principally of $15,
10.1 cash, stocks and bonds worth $59,
745, realty valued at $14,200 and notes
for $6609 53.
. Game law ' Violators Punished.
Deputies Kercheval and Ingalls of
the* Fish Commission arrested 'J." and
S.. Compagno Thursday for' catching
crabs under the size allowed by the
game laws. Judge Conlan fined the
defendants. $20 .each ' yesterday.
process in the afternoon. If the weather
proves hopelessly bad they can play a
game. of billiards', or "indulge ta -whist
or bridge in the clubhouse.
COMPETITORS— I Gross. jUandicap.J Net.
E. J. Hooper j 9(5 7 I S9
R.J.Davis I 68 9 91
F. H. Beaver 103 12 1)1
T. n. S. Mcnzles JW O 96
J. J. Crook* ] 104 8 90
Carlcton Curtis l»*l 8 98
L. F. Monteagle 113 14 101
J. 6. Oyster JOS , -4/ 101
W. J. ear*y 113 12 101
Douglas H. Hardy 109 8 lot
Minor Goodall 123 16 . I 107
Oeotxe H^arelton [ 11" JO | 107
It. B. Hellman...-. ..I 12S . . is no
Ourtax- Sutro .1 124 1 12 112
Oorge M. Plnckard . . | 133 f 18 115
Th- valuable prizes In the open golf
tournaments of Great Britain have be
come almost a monopoly for four great
golfers, who are possessors of the high
est skill in the game. Besides these
four there are several golfers, who, on
their day. are equal to the best, but
who have not the marvelous steadiness
of the top four. In order to give these
others some chance of the big prizes, it
has several times been suggested that
some system of handicapping should
be applied to professional tournaments.
It is, of course, not possible to handicap
the professional players as If they were
aU members of the same club, when
they come from all parts of the United
Kingdom. Yet it !s t-ertainly desirable
to render the competitions for the Im
portant money prizes more open than it
has been for scrme years. The Profes-
Fional Golfers' Association has decided
that under no circumstances are handi
cap allowances to be made to members
of the association, but that on suitable
occasion some members may owe one
or tr.ore strokes, the other competitors
starting from scratch.
It has been found that the numerous
p-olf clubs scattered • throughout the
United Kingdom * supply- a want in
pmall tc-wns and country, districts. , In
puch places the leisured men of middle
age, such i «? retired officers cf the army
or navy.' or business men who have
made their pile, found time hang some
what heavily on^ their "hands." "There
was no place where they could meet
men of their own kJnd to .'discuss na
tional and local affairs, and get health
ful exercise and recreation. Nowadays
these men play a round of -golf oh every
fine morninff and probably repeat the
Two .'..tennis tournaments will be
played on Christmas day and both will
be handicap doubles events. In each
event the prizes will be the three-time
cups. . The California Club trophies
have been competed for but twice. The,
first winners were Will Allen and Dr.
Hill. The present holders' are Chester
and Grant Smith. The dlolden Gate
Clubcups are In the possession of the
Baker brothers— George and Nell — who
won the last tournament easily.
¦ In the California Club tourney there
will be several changes in the teams.
As Grant Smith will be. unable to play,
his brother will join forces with Will
Collier. The latter first entered with
Frank • Mitchell, but they did not play
well : together! Mitchell in future will
play with J. D. MacGavin. •
It is expected that Joe Tobln and Will
Taylor. willenter the tournament. The
presence of these, two players would
increase the interest greatly.
"In recent practice games they have
shown * remarkable strength .as a
doubles team. In a handicap event
they w-ould be hard to beat, as they
play a careful, steady game. They
would probably play scratch with
Mitchell and MacGavin. Collier and
Smith should play even with teams like
Allen and Hill and Salisbury t and
Stringham. .*'
Despite the fact that the cups at the
park have been competed for almost
two years no team at present playing
has two victories to its credit.
- The Hotchklss brothers— -Marius and
Homer-^won the trophle3 twice, but no
longer play together. The following
teams ' : ve won once: ', Church arid Mc-
Kay, Hotchklss brothers, . Smith and
The San Francisco" Scottish Bowling
Club will start its fourth tournament
this afternoon on the Golden Gate Park
green. The tournament completed two
weeks ago developed several cracks
who were previously unheard of. All of
these players are entered in the new
tourney and men like Messrs. Lawson
and Moffatt will have no easy time
winning.
Mr. Moffatt Is the present champion.
He showed great skill In the third
tournament,' which he won cleverly.
Mr. Lawson won the second event, but
did not play, in. the third. Besides
these two cracks tl.e most likely can
didates for championship honors are
McNaught. McLaren, Joseph and
Jame3 Gray and McLachlan. As there
are ninety-two entries it will take sev
eral months to complete the tourna
ment. .
On Christmas day the bowlers will
meet the cracks of the Oakland Club
for the third time. The 'San Francis
cans have two victories to their credit,
but the* bowlers from across the bay
are improving all the time and will stay
with it until they down their opponents.
They made .an excellent showing, last
month on the park rinks, and expect
to do even better next. week.. .It; will be
a four-rink match and will be. played on
the: Oakland green unless it, is in poor
condition. In this case the match will
be played at the park.
The entrjftllst for the doubles tourna
ment will close during the first week
of next month. Many. names are being
posted at the clubhouse and the bowl
ers loc-k forward to an interesting
event. Th> doubles and singles tourna
ments . will . be ; run simil taneousl y and
the rinks on Saturday .afternoon will
present a lively appearance. in future.
Handicap Doubles Will Be Held
Christmas Day on Both the
; Club and the Public Courts
HOLIDAY TENNIS
ATTRACTS PLAYERS
BOWLERS READY
FOR MATCH PLAY
Fourth Tournagnent of the
Scots to Be Commenced To-
Day in GoldeSi Gate Park
While one or two track or so-called
coast records have gone a-glimmering,
nothing bordering on the sensational
has been accomplished by any of the
crack Eastern performers.
But the meeting is yet in its infancy,
and with horses like Shot Gun. Oars
man, Ahumada, Burnie Bunton, San
Nicholas, Claude, Incubator, Carat, ; I
Know, Proper," Yellow Tail, Nervator,
Jane Holly, Beau Ormonde, . Irldius,
Mansard, Epicure, Don Domo, Bear
catcher, Cascine and Rockaway as a
portion of the stock to select from one
or two records at least ought to be
shaved down before May day arrives.
¦ It was unfortunate that the riding
material had to be lessened by the .rul
ing off of three such promising riders
as D. Hall, M. Adkinsand young Fer
rell. In Europe a jockey must be care
ful about his personal habits, else he
quickly finds himself in disfavor, not
only with the official* but employers
as well. Too many midnight carousals
usually accomplish the downfall of
American riders. Those after-dark
banquets are all expensive, and if win
ning mounts will not settle the bill
there is always the generous hearted
bookmaker, in every cfime willing to
lend. the financially distressed jockey a
helping hand. One good turn deserves
another, and sooner or later the jockey
finds, himself In trouble.
The Chicago press seem to think the
California Jockey Club hit the nail on
th# head when Hall/ Adkins and Fer
¦rell w'ero ruled off. The Sunday Rec
ord-Herald of December 13 says Adkins
narrowly escaped : the judicial ax last
summer. His employers.' the article in
sinuates, took' time by the forelock and
gave Adkins an enforced vacation.
Hall, the same article states, was ruled
off : the Charleston outlaw track • for
using a battery. Possibly this should
.not be held against the Texas rider. If
he had decided to turn over a new leaf.
Many riders who achieved great prom
inence on the turf made mistakes while
serving their -apprenticeship 'which
mightnot look well if played up .in
print. -
A TRIO OF HIGH CLASS HORSES WHICH ARE EXPECTED TO PLAT A PROMINENT PART DURING THE
PRESENT. REASON OF WINTER RACING ON THIS COAST IN THE RICH EVENTS FOR WH^CH THEY
MAY BE ELIGIBLE. •
Allen, Pouth and Dunlap, Whitney and
Brady and the Baker brothers.
The Baker brothers are the strongest
combination at present at the park. In
the last tournament they played from
scratch with Routh and Dunlap and
won the event without losing a seL
They were undoubtedly underestimated
by the handicapper and In the coming
event will be placed below scratch. The
Bakers are the only team playing to
gether that has won the cups. Griffin
and Dunlap will probably join forces
and should make a much stronger com
bination than Routh and .Dunlap.
George Janes and H. Russell. will play
on the same side of the net in future
and will make an aggressive team.
Heretofore the two clubs have man
aged to run their tournaments without
interfering with each other, but com
plications -are commencing" to arise.
Each club started a tournament on
Thanksgiving day and neither event
has been completed up to date. Allen
and MacGavln are r. ambers of both
organizations, but joined.the California
Club first . nd are looked upon as Cali
fornia Club players. They happened to
come together In the finals of both
events and hence the difficulties. The
entry lists are becoming, so large that it
takes several days to run off a tourna
ment.' It will probably become neces
sary In future for. the players who are
members of both clubs to choose be
tween them. Few of the park players
have Become members of the California
Club, while quite a number of good
players from the latter clnb have joined
the Golden Gate Club. . In future when
their is a conflict raun like MacGavin
and Allen will play In the California
Club tournaments. It would be an ex
cellent plan for the two clubs to send
delegates to a meeting to be. called for
the purpose of surmounting these diffi
culties. The clubs are on the -best of
terms and are anxious not to interfere
with each other.,
Taylor .and Tbbln will meet Mitchell
and Collier in a special match to-mor
row.
Homer Boy. Harlean Gladys. Dorothy M.
Renegade Apache. Roy Hughie. Kin* Death,
Pure Pearl Little Plunger. Our Mir.nie, Had
dington Young Fearless. Pacing Dilly. Equa
tor Sofala, Menlo Prince, Doc Burns. Frisco
Lad, Frisky Barbara, Glaucus. Black Flush.
Vina Free Born, Toronto. Ouido. Real Duch
ees. Haphazard, Topsy Turvy. Lily York. In
truder. Mark Twain, The Rereree. Firm Fel
low Slsklyou. Don Pedro, Silver Cloud.
Queen's Motto, Concord Boy. Laughing Water.
P.uby Sankey. Viking. Gambit. Bob R, Reck
less Acrobat. Mountain Poet. Belfast, Meddle
some. Full Moon, Orslna. ¦ • • • ,
Announcement was made yesterday
that Union Coursing Park will open
under entirely new management with
a meeting: on January 1, 2 and 3. The
men back of the new venture are men
of influence and standing and they
promise to .put coursing on a high
plane.
The sport will be promoted under" the
auspices of the Interstate Coursing
Club. All its annual events will be
run as in the past. The first of these
will be the California plate and Belle
Brandon cup, which will be decided on
February 20, 21 and 22. The announce
ment sent out is to the effect that the
park will continue to run as long as
the owners of greyhounds show an in
clination to support It by making lib
eral entries.
Coursing will commence at Ingleside
Park to-day at 11:30. when the first
brace cf dogs in the open stake will
be sent to the slips. A number ,of East
ern greyhounds, including the speedy
Northern Express, will be in the run
ning. The likely winners look to ba:
Among the Empire Club men who
were out were: J. P. Sweeney, J. B.
Hauer, F. S. Judah, P. Peltier, Con
Ramon, L. H. Allen, Dr. Clyde Payne,
F.. Blair Turpin, F. B. Surryhne, Dr.
B. F. Alden, Bert Patrick and Dr. A. C.
Sylvester. The guests of the members
were J. M. Kilgarif, Captain Cantwell
of the revenue service and J. P. Jacob
son. ¦¦''-., e'
L. H. Allen was high gun with thir
ty-two birds. Although all the mem
bers had good shooting. Teal and
widgeon were the birds most in evi
dence. The club is baiting heavily and
Ihe members expect some good can
vasback shooting from now on.
The shooting was good on all the
marshes last Sunday. Hundreds of
men returned from Alvarado and Al
viso and all had birds. The San Mateo
marsh also yielded good returns.
The storm of yesterday has damp
ened the ardor of the sportsmen, who
expect the birds to be scattered over
a^wide area to-morrow.. The overflow
bet\veeh*Davis and Sacramento has at
tracted thousands of eprig, widgeon
and teal from the - Suisun marshes.
The market hunters and.aXew sports
men are endeavoring to thin out the
flocks, but '"make little Impression .on
them/'-'':*
Harry Corbett and Dick Dwyer, the
starter, had an excellent shoot on
Wednesday at Middle River, near An
tioeh. ..The. Joint ".bag for. one morn
ing's shoot was eighty birds. These
Included fifty-eight mallard, nine snipe
and six widgeon. The sportsmen were
the guests of J. B. Tisdale and l Al
Maltas and were most" hospitably en
tertained on their ark. The mallards
were there in gTeat numbers' and all
were plump birds.
The royal canvasbacks made • their
appearance on all the preserves last
Sunday, apparently having been driven
down from Klamath and other north
ern lakes by the cold weather.
The birds were all plump and in
fine condition, showing they had
traveled but a comparatively short dis
tance. As they fly at the rate or more
than ninety miles an hour, a few hpurs
would bring them from the northern
border of the Stale. China Slough, on
the preserve of the Alameda Gun Club
on the Sonoma marsh, lived up to its
reputation as a desirable place for can
vasback shooting. Nineteen members
of the club were out and secured more
than 800 "cans," the majority of the
members getting limit bags. Among
those out were Messrs. Norton, Paul
Kingston, Louis Bolander, Gelssler,
Swales, Baird and others.
There were a few "cans'/ killed on
the Alameda marsh and Con Ramon
was so fortunate as to bring down
some on the Monterey preserve of the
Empire Gun Club. Many "cans" were
seen and they displayed no fear of the
sportsmen nor of. their decoys, which
indicates they strangers in these
parts. •
Christmas day will, as usual, be a
busy one for the players on the links
of the San Francisco Golf Club. There
will be a handicap tournament over
eighteen holes, the two players who
make the lowest net scores receiving
prizes. The gross scores will serve as
the qualifying round for a match play
contest, in which the handicaps given
at the beginning will apply throughout
the competition.
The eieht players who hand In the
lowest gross scores will qualify for this
contest, four days being allowed in
which to c :plete each round of match
play. -*_s far as is known at present
there will be no competition on the
links of the San Rafael Golf Club on
Christmas day.
The invitation handicap held by the
Ean Rafael Golf Club last Saturday
proved quite successful, notwithstand
ing the unfavorable weather, attracting
a fair number of competitors and being
productive of a close contest. The play
was over eighteen holes, a silver cup
being offered for the best net score and
a prize for the lowest gross score. E. J.
Hooper, though he has had little prac
tice for the past two months, played a
strong game, winning the cup for the
best handicap score and tying with
Captain T. B. S. Menzies for the trophy
for lowest gross score. The full scores
are shown in the table:
More Than Eight Hundred of
These Royal Birds Fall to
Alameda Gun Club Men
With Reopening of Union Park
on New Year's Day Grey
hounds -Will Be Kept Busy
Gross Scores in Handicap to
Serve as Qualifying Bounds
for Match Play on Local Links
PRESIID0 GOLF
MEN TO MEET ON
CHRISTMAS DAY
SPORTSMEN ENJOY
RARE SHOOTING
ON CANVASBACKS
LEASHMENS' SPORT
WILL THRIVE IN
COMING SEASON
RACING SRASON PROMISES RECORD-MAKING PERFORMANCES
TH«: SAN FRANCISCO .CALL. SATURDAY. DECEMBER . 19, 1903.
10Jim Wilson was no match for Pier
pont Ordway and, after the former
landed a few good punches in the first
round, the bout was stopped. Billy
Jensen put Jack Adams to the mat for
the count after a few seconds of going.
Billy Healy finished George Sullivan in
the second round, and Charles Weber
knocked Ed Smith out in one round.
Sullivan used both hands and landed
some stiff punches. He closed one of
King's lamps and had the latter all but
gone when the gong sounded. King
went to his corner, called for something
out of a bottle and prepared to go some
more. But the chair felt good and Sul
livan looked like a bad man, so the
portly man decided to betake himself
to his dressing-room, while the crowd
hissed and said unpleasant things.
The other bouts on the card were all
fast ones, and none of them went over
four rounds. Harry Tenny took all the
fight out of Harry McCloud in two
rounds. George Herbert, who looked
like a ringer, hit Jack Burke one hard
wallop in the jaw during the initial
round of their engagement and Burke
was out for ten minutes.
t Alex Greggains had another little
burlesque on the boards last night at
his Sixth-street gymnasium. The real
thing of the night was another bout
between Olin Sullivan and John King,
th* heavy-weights. It might have
turned out to be a good scrap had Klrigi
come up for a little more action in
stead of keeping his seat and taking off
his mitts when the gong sounded for
the second round.
King is famous in sailors' boarding
house circles as a bouncer who has
them all blanked, but the referee
fused to allow the rough tactics last
night, and so King ran second. He
opened up the go by grabbing Sullivan
and treating him catch as catch can
style. When they got up again Sulli
van walloped King some and ere he
finished the water-front terror was all
in.
Jack Burke Is Knocked Out in
a Punch by George Her
bert, Who May Be a Ringer
TRIES WRESTLTXG GAME
Water Front Terror Refuses
\ to Continue "When Opponent
Lands a Few Hard Punches
SULLIVAN MAKES
BIG KING QUIT
AFTER A ROUND
IHOl.EsrDE RACETRACK — FRIDAY, Dec. 1 8.— Weather rainy. Track muddy.
6480. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; two-year -olds; value to first. $325. < ¦ 1; , : . , ;
Index ¦ Horse and Owner/ WtlSt" %I %. %. Str. Fin. | Jockey. ' Op. -.. Cl. '
i;;A Sou'rlere (Dayton & Co.) 102 1, ... 2 3 In 2 3 1 % Anderson . 10' *2
5444 Harbor (H. E. Rowell). . . . _ v . 97 6 .62 6 V. 4 4 3 2V, Travers ... 6.8
(^-' Effervescence (Mrs. CofTey).. 107 7 .. '. 7 \VhT> 4 3 n 4 6 Birkenruth 7-5 8-8
w ietaria (Mrs JF. Schorr). 99 3 ... 4 1^4 2 5 2 5 n Reed ..,-... 7-2
5463 Hogarth (P. JCarmody).... 00 12 .. ; 11 1 9 n' 8 2 6 b J. Boyd,::. 20 60
S-? S 00 ? 0 & Waterhse).. W 9 ... an|8n-7tfT% R. Coleman « 12
52io ?w rlS xr <H - i. L * es) • w 2 ••• 5 1 5n6 1 8-2 J. Booker.. 20 20
M52 The Hawaiian (Figaro Stable) 04 4 ... in 2 1 9 % |L Lewis... * «
5385 To'tec (University Stable).... 99 11 ... 10 n 11 2 10 2 10.2 iVanderbout 20 60
...: Selma (Hill & Co.) ..,.. 107I10 ... 12 12 11 HI 1 IJ Jones.... 15 30
4343 Cotatl (G. A. Davl9).. r 105 \ 8 .. ; g n 101 12 IS |Buxton.... 15 30
Tlme — :24 %. : :49*i. '1:18.'" At post 1ft minute* Off at 2 :05V4'. Soufriere. place. 5; show.
2. Pepper, place 5-2; show. 6-5. Harbor show 3-2. Winner, ch. f, by Inspector B-
Landslip. j Trained by A. F. Dayton. Start 'good. ' Won In a hard drive of three. Win
net- outgamed Pepper. Harbor was well handled: Effervescence could not get up. "Wis
taria ran only a fair race. Hoceo wants stronger handling. The Hawaiian was sharply
cut oft and nearly thrown on etretch turn by Pepper. . . .¦•¦.¦-.; '„¦''•
K4S1. SECOND RACE— One milt; twlllng; 3-year-olda and up: value to ftrgt. <325.
Index Horse and Owner. . IWtjSt. K. - *&. %. Str. Fin. j- Jockey. OpT cT
6458 I O U. 4 (C.-W. Chappelle).. 106 9 7n 41 4 2%3 1%1- 1*4 Larsen '* 5-2
MRS Mountebank, a (Keating) 106 1 In 2 l«.t 2 2 n 2 3 ' HUde&rand 5-2 3
5378 Merwan; 3 (J. J. McAlester).. 97 2 3 1 3h 2 U4I V- 3 h J.Booker.. 10 12
5464 Past Master, 3 (C. P. Fink).. 107 6 5 %,7 n 8 3' C 1U4 2 J. T. Shehn 8 8
5467 Billy Moore. 6 (T.-.T, Rector). 106 7 4h 8 2 5 2 5 %"5 2 Kunt ..... 5 4
5482 Evander. 4" (W. Fisher) ....... 107 4 2 3 1 2 1 n 41 6 2 W. Waldo.. 5 10
5458 Boutonniere. 3 (Johnson) 1C2 '5825 »I 6 n 73 74 M Johnson 15 15
¦ 5426 Theodora L, 3 (P. E. Smith).. 07 8 9 6 ri 7 V4 8 3 ' 8 3 J. Uwii.. . 20 30
5479 Constable, 4 (Stockton Sta.).. 106 3 6 % 9 .9 9 9 JFoley ..... 0 12
Time— :26. :51%. 1:18%. 1:44. At post. 1 minute. Off at 2:27^. I OU., place. 1: show.
1-2. Monutebank. place, 6-5; show. 3-5. Merwan, show. 5-2. Winner, ch. e. by Har
vey Barbour-I O. Trained by C. W. Chappelle. Scratched— Hungarian. H. P. Cane. Start
'perfect. /'Won hand ridden." Next two driving hard. Larsen on winner went the short
est way after making the first tume. Hildebrand on Mountebank mad* a botchy. Job
of.lt. Merwan dld^well. Billy Moore ran poorly. ' Too far for Evander. Constable
" quit early. ¦,.*.... » _r .
5482. THIRD RACE— Steeplechase, short course; handicap; 3-y ear-olds up; val. to .first. $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. ¦¦¦ |Wt|St. Wj. 8 J. 10 J.- Str. Fin. I Jockey. I
5010 IPoorlands. a (F. W. Cooper).. 1135 3, 1 2^1 8 1 25 1 12 1 12 IMcMahon .". 4^ 5^2
4278 Phil Archibald. 5 (Farrer).... 130 1 2« 2 12 26 2%26 (Archibald 4 13
r.2s>S Indian II. 4 (J. Cochran).. 14$ 5 3 3 3 3 3 Tull»y ;'..: .1 6-5 8-5
5459 Loyal S, 5 O*. Gilbert).......: 135 4 • ... Gaffney ...| 6-5 2
5HVt The Scot. 6 (Walz & Co.).,... 127 2 t [Brodle | 12 15
Time^- 3:39^. At post 1 minute. Off at 2:55^. Poorlands. place, 7-10; show. 1-3. Archibald,
place. 4; show, 4-5:- Indian, show, 1-3. Winner, b. g. by Flatlands-Lizzle M. Trained by
! , F. .W. Cooper. Start good. Won pulling up,- Next two driving. A well enacted drama"
and the curtain fell with all' shaking hands on the fortunate'-escape. Poorlands was the
hero and acted his part well. Loyal g, the villain, disappeared in the eecond act. Indian
was harmless. 'Ran out. JFell. .: / ' . ¦ .- :
5483. FOURTH RACE^Futurlty cpunf«; handicap; all ages; value, to first, $400.
Intlexj -Horse and Owner. ¦ IWtlSt. &. %. Str. Fin. I . Jocney. . I Op. cT
<^??7 ) j S . hot ,, Gun - 3 " V - B - J«nnlnss)!ll9| 4 ... in 11 1 14 1 14 IJ~Martln.*. ~"l -2 0-20*
*.l\ Kenilworth. 5 (H. Stover) 1115 3 ... 2n 33 3 2^2 lfc See 4 18-5
5453 San Nicholas.' 4 (B.& W.)...!ll7 1 ... 3n 2 2 n 3 4 |C. Kelly... 5 25
54U5 Ahumada. 3. (J. A. Kyle)..... 1110 5 ... 4 4 4 4%4 7 4 6 C. Smith... 4 9
.... Jc e Lesser, 5 (H. D. Beams).. 108 2 ... 5h62 52 55 Foley 15 100
..IM |Evea G. 4 (Mrs. Coffey)...... | iQ9| 6 ... 6 6 6 6 JBirkenruth 10 15
Time— :24H, :40>i, ..1:11*4... At post S minutes. Off at 3:3414. Shotgun; place 1-5; show,
out. Kenilworth. place, 7-10; show, 1-4. Nicholas, show, 8-5. Winner, b. c. by Ar
tiliery-Prlncess Noretta. Trained by W. B. Jennings. Scratched— Muresca, Glendennlng,
Royal Rogue. Start good. Won under wraps. Next two driving hard. Winner out
clasyed his company. Kenilworth acted badly at.the post, but ran well. San Nicholas
Ahumada ran a cheap race. Evea G away ooorlv.
f»4.K4. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Index I Horse and Owner. (WtjSL %! iT 9i- Str. Fin. I Jockey. ~Op! CL
ST.m lArcade. 3 (Jennings & Co.)..' 102 1 4 1 2 % 2 2>41 V, 1 3«4lJ. Martin... "~6 10
(5H5)!Jofkpy Club. 3 <W. Fisher) 110 4 2 H 1 2^1 *i 2 4 2 3 W. Waldo.. -5-2 18-5
(M75)lHalnauit. 4 (Thomas & Co.)... 106 5 6 3Vi« 5 5 iv,3 n 3 4 {Hildebrand 1 4-5
5472 IMImo. 3 <P» Sheridan) 97 6 5 2^5 n 4 h *4 n 4 2HiLarsen — 7 6
(f>450)!Blll Matsif. 5 (McAle&ter) 11101 8 87 8 12 7164 5 3 C. Kelly... . 7 10
5472 ! Lou r« Wagner. 4 . (McAllister). 1001 3 1 n 3 1W3 % S4 rt 8 Foley 15 30
<M32)!S. Towers, 4 (Sum3UO»- Stable) 1 105 2 3 1^4 h 65 75 7* J. Lewis... 8 1G
5472 i The .<5tewa'r<Je?»?4 .-{Winter); .1103 7 7 5 7 5 8 20 8 12 S 8 J. Boyd... .15 40
. ... ilnsolence. 4 (Johnson A Co.)..|110' 0 9 9 »| 9 , v ft |M. Johnson. 20 100
Time— :24~Vi. :t!), 1:15. 1:28. At post iU, minutes. Off at 3:58^. Arcade~place, 4; show,
3-2. Jockey-Club, place. 7-5; show, 3-5. Halnault. show,"l-6.~ Winner, b. c. by Ben
All-Calora. Trained by W. B. Jennings. Scratched— Captivate. Emily Oliver, Harry
Thatcher. Start bed. ¦ Won easily after an early drive. .Next thuee driving. Arcade
outstayed Jockey Club. Hainault was away poorly and then Hilderbrand furnished a
nu-ek, mlld-looklnsr -ride. Mlmo outfooted. BUI Massle swerved at start. ¦
nig.V SIXTH RACE— One mile and fifty yards: selling; all ages; value*7o^fTrst/T325!
Indexl - Horse and Owner. -[Wt|St. }j. ¥j. %. Str. Fin, j Jockey. OpI cE
5467 IForest King. 4 (Jon?s & Co.). 1100 1 4 6 4 2 In 1 n 1 3 Hildebrand" ~ 2 {Ti
5454 iThe Fretter. a (O'Rourke) llOfi 6 3 2 2 ',» 2 *i 2 4 2 7 Larsen 3 7-2
(543S) Achilles. 4 (J. J. McCabe). . . ilOo 2. 1 2%1'4 3 4 3 3 3 ns J. Lewis... 5 7-2
(5464)'CouKar, 5 iBurns & Waterhse.)!110 3 5%5h 41 4^4 1%.C. Kelly... 6 8
M04 IStillcho, 3 (W. B. Jennings).. 100 7 6 2U6 4 5 H 5 2^5 6 J. Martin.. 7 8 "
543T> IHellas. 3 (J. Cre^ly) 100 4 2h 3 2^6 5 0 4 6 1% Foley 12 20
54«7 Ulowaho, 4 IH. Stover) 110 5 7 3 7 6 7 6 7 6 7 10 See 5 «
IThe Way. 4 (R. H. Clark) 111 8 8 8 * 8 8 F. Kelly... 50 100
Time— :25. Ua?i, 1:15%,' 1:41%, 1:44%. At post 1 minute. Off at 4:19. Forest King, place,
,' 1: shew, 1-2. Fr-tter. place. 6-5; show, 3-5. Achilles, show. 7-10. Winner, br. h. by
Handsome-Superba. Trained by S. J. Jones. Scratched — Colonel Van. Start good.
Won very easily. Second driving. Third stopping. Winner beat. Th« Fretter ran his
race. Achilles tired. Cougar outclassed. Hellas showed little speed to-day. See on
" ¦ Illowaho broke a stirrup.
Another Fight for Jack O'Brien.
CHICAGO, Dec. 18. — Jack O'Brien
"of Philadelphia was given the decision
over Dick Fitzpatrick. a local heavy
weight, at. the end of a six-round fight
here to-night. O'Brien led all the way
and landed almost when* and where he
pleased.
Williams Outclasses Pendergast.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. IS.— Kid Wil
liams and Tom Pendergast fought
twenty rounds before the Acme Club
to-night, Williams getting the decision,
as he clearly outclassed his opponent.
daughter should become, including
Duchesses and other Americans, should
keep the two countries together.
America's progress toward the south
ern pole was only hindered by the
newly founded republic of Panama and
we must work together for the peaxe
of the world. .'Blessed are the peace
makers, 1 " quoted Sir Thomas, who,
amid great laughter, finished the quo
tation. " 'for they shall inherit the
earth.' "
Sir Thomas said that he had sent a
letter to the New York Yacht Clubdeal-^,
ing with another possible challenge for
the cup. He added that he was quite
willing to have one last try, "provided
I have a reasonable chance of success,
especially a? the next Shamrock will be
a lucky four-leafed one."
An entertainment by American art
ists brought to a close a thoroughly
successful event.
For publicly Impugning the decision
of Judge Thomas Tierney and for of
fering him violence the management
of Ingleside Coursing Park has sus
pended P. Mullasky and Joe Trade. The
California Committee has
been requested to revoxe their licenses •
as trainers. The greyhounds Black
Coon and Pasha Pleasant are included
in the ruling.
Louis Lagomasino has returned to
Sacramento with Pocatelll and the oth
er clever performers in his string. He
will not course at any of the interior
meetings.
The following officers have been elect
ed by the Mississippi Valley Futurity
Coursing Club: L. P. Ravenscroft.
president: X. P. Hansen. vice presi
dent; Charles F. Home, secretary and
treasurer; executive committee — R. W.
Hoffman (chairman), John "Wilson.
George H. McDougal. Frank Essham
and E. M. Kellogg. The stake will be
run next year in October.
Coursing Men Are Punished.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Deo. IS.
The fighting game la in serious dan
ger In Oakland. Mayor Oln^y has de
clared his unalterable opposition to the'
monthly professional boxing contests
now being held in this city, and strong
ly expressed himself to-day at. the
meeting of th« Board of Police arid
Fire Commissioners.
That body under authority of an or
dinance is given power to grant or to
deny applications from clubs for per-'
mits to give these contests. Mayor Ol
ney declared Le approved the ordinance
because he believed it gave discretion
to the Board of Police and Fire Com-
missioners to act in the. matter of ap
plications. But In operation the Mayor
says he "has found that it Is* a ca'se of
grant one and grant i all requests for
permits.
It has been strongly rumored In club
circles- that an attempt .would be made
after the first of January^ to repeal the
boxing ordinance. Evidence of the in
secure position that some of the club
men felt themselves in was manifested
at to-day's meeting . of the Police
Board, when the. Reliance Club filed a
petition /or a permit to give two boxing
exhibitidns in January, one on the 5th
and the other on the 19th. Heretofore
each club has confined Itself to one con
test night a month.
It was this petition that provoked
the remarks of the Mayor, who said:
"I am opposed to these so-called pro
fessional boxing contests. I never saw
one and I never shall voluntarily wit
ness one. It was my belief that this
ordinance gave the board discretion in
granting permits. But It looks as If
one must either grant all applications
or deny all.'"
Repeal of the ordinance, which rests
with the City Council, would bar the
sport in this city, leaving conditions as
they existed last March, when District
Attorney Allen decided that the clubs'
contests were illegal.
President McElroy of the board ex- |
plained that the ordinance was passed
in conformity with an act of the last
Legislature which gave municipalities
the right to allow boxing contests to be
held under police regulation. .,
The Mayor was excused from voting
when Commissioner Turner moved to
grant the Reliance Club's application,
the motion being carried by the votes
of Commissioners Turner and McElroy.
Meets of San Mateo Hounds.
Francis J. Carolan, master of the
San Mateo County hunt, has issued
the list of fixtures for the next month.
The hounds will meet to-day at Lau
rel Creek at 3 o'clock. Next Saturday
the meet will be at Burlingame Coun
try Club. The January meets are:
Saturday. January 2, Croesways.
Wednesday. January 6, Kennels.
Saturday. January 0, Tanforan.
Wednesday. January 13. Polo Field.
Saturday, January 19, Belmont.
Wednesday. January 20. Millbrae Dairy.
Saturday. January 23. Crossways Farm.
Wednesday. January 27. Laurel Creek.
Saturday. January 30. Burllngame Club.
HJs work with Foley is chiefly
wrestling and bustling him about the
gymnasium. He boxed three hard
rounds with Joe Thomas yesterday, al
ternating them with the same number
with Foley. He also did a lot of bag
punching. His -. breathing apparatus
seemed in splendid order. In this re
spect he is better at present than his
opponent. Corbett puffs and blows
while working, fast,»but this will grad
ually disappear as his condition im
proves.
Hanlon 'is already nearly at weight
and expects to scale 127 or 123 pounds
the night of the fight. He says he could
fight at 128 pounds if necessary.
¦ Corbett's admirers cla'm he is the
best repeater in the boxing game. Hl3
second fight with any man has always
been better than the first. He learns
a'.raan's style quickly, and plans his
campaign of offense or defense rapidly.
Hanlon denies having discussed the
matter of referee with any one. He
has been quoted as sayfng he would
not accept Eddie Graney because the
latter did not give him the decision
over Corbett. The consensus of opinion
at the time of the fight w.is that It
would have been* unjust to Corbett to
take the championship from him on a
hair-line decision and that Graney did
the right thing in calling it a draw.
The baseball nines captained by Ed
die Hanlon and Toung Corbett will
cross bats this afternoon at Recreation
Park at 2: SO, provided the weather is
clear. Much rivalry exists between the
two teams and a great game fs ex
pected. The proceeds will be devoted to
the mother of Frank McC^nnell. the
young boxer who was Injured some
time ago in his battle with Spider
Welch. Harry Corbett will referee.
• Eddie Hanlon believes in variety in
sparring partners, and all persons of
about his Inches are welcomed at the
Alameda training quarters.
The little boxer does not spar with
Harry "Foley, having found that it im
pairs his judgment of instance. A blow
that would catch Foley on the Jaw
would miss Young Corbett by many
inches. Hanlon wants to accustom him
self to landing accurately on his box
ing partners as though he was going to
fight one of them. '
Rumors Strong That £ Move
to Repeal the Regulating
Ordinance Is to Be Made.
Uses Big: Harry Foley for
Wrestling and Bustling
Abont Improvised Prizering
WANTS TO HIT ACCURATELY
. - — » '._ , ¦ ¦
PASSES TOTE ON PERMIT
Boxing Contests - in Clubs
3Iayor. Declares That He Is
Opposed to Professional
-All Ambitions Glove Wiclders
f| of His Inches Are Welcomed
at the Alanieda Gymnasium
FIGHTING GAME
MAY BE STOPPED
ACROSS THE BAY
EDDIE HANLON
SEEKS VARIETY
AMONG BOXERS
California calendars and art souvenirs
for fhe million.- Sanborn,Vair& Co. •
MILWAUKEE, Dec. 18. .— . Charley
Neary of Milwaukee got the decision
over Kid Broad of Cleveland in a fast
six-round bout before the Milwaukee
Boxing, Club to-night. Xeary had the
better of the bout from first to last.
Eddie Santry won from Kid Sayers in
the second round on a foul.
Kid Broad Is Defeated.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 18. — J. E.
Chandler, late financial secretary of
the Miners' Union at Idaho Springs,
Colo., who is In the County Jail here
awaiting extradition, has decided that
he will not return to Colorado without
a contest in the courts. -The attorney
for Chandler to-day sued out a writ
of habeas corpus in the Supreme Court
of the State, which commands Sheriff
White to produce • Chandler in court
next lion day.
Chandler Will Fight Extradition.
Kidville. Right Angle and Log Lick
are Kentucky postoffices.
•v -5*
NEW ORLEANS RACE RESULTS.
' XEW ORLEANS, Dec. 18.—Cres
cent City results:-
First race, seven furlongs—Monte
bank won, Jim. Ferren second, Tal
houet third. < Time, 1:28 2-5.
Second race, flve and a haflf furlongs
—^Sadducee won, Palmist' second.
Tommy Foster third. Time, 1:07 1-5.
Third race, selling, one and an
eighth miles^ —Sarah Maxim won, Be
gone second, Sidney Sabath third.
Time, 1:56 2-5.
Fourth race, handicap, six furlongs
—Dr. Stephens won, Vanness second,
Travers third. Time, i:14.
Fifth race, selling, one and .a quar
ter miles—The Bobby won,- Mary
Moore "second, Hayward Hunter third.
Time, 2:10. : .
Sixth race, six furlongs—Footllght's
Favorite won, Mordella second, Over
hand third. Time, 1:15.
On Xew Year's day the California
Club will held the most important tour
nament cf the winter season. This is
an annual class singles event for the
championship of the different classes.
It has not been decided yet whether the
event will be open or for club members
only.
If the weather permits Allen and
MacGavin will complete their two
matches to-morrow.
Ex-Champitm George F. Whitney Is
Eaid to be improving rapidly and Is ex
pected; home In a few months. He has
been in Europe for over a year and is
almost entirely well.
New Years Day Tennis _Ma:«h.
The most famous waters in the State
for bass fishing -will be made available
to-day for all anglers. Through the ef
forts of A. M. Cumming, known
throughout the State as an angler and
gunman, the California and Northwest
ern Railway has established a flag sta
tion at the head of San Antonio
Slough, near Petaluma.
Trains going in either direction will
stop upon signal. Tickets will be
placed on sale to-day for the new sta
tion, which will be known as San An
tonio/ At present anglers can use only
the Schultz Slough, which is within
three minutes' walk of the station.
Later on boats and possibly a club
house will be provided which will open
up a wide territory. Two hundred men
can fish at one time without interfering
with one another.'
In fifty-one days' fishing covering the
various seasons of the year Mr. Cum
ming has had but three blank days.
Cn the other forty-eight he has taken
2S9 bass weighing 1441 pounds. There
are no preserves on the slough and the
trip can be made In one day, including
the fishing.
Station Is Established Xear San An
tonio Slough, Where Trains Will
Stop Upon Signal.
Fourth race— Claude, Lord Melbourne,
Incubator.
Fifth race — Sad Sam, Burnle Bunton,
Feter J.
.Sixth race— Oreenock, SI Piloto, Con
¦tellator. :X
FBOBABLS "WINKEBS.
First race — Bard Burns, Military,
Fat Morrlssey. \
Second race — Bockaway, Otto Stifel,
Judge.
Third race— Dr. Bird sail, Brig-ht Moon,
Lurene. ' •
FAMOUS BASS WATERS
AVAILABLE FOR ANGLERS
Sir Thomas Lipton in replying said
he was a proud man to be the recipient
of such a splendid gift, adding:
"It, will be cherished by me as my
most valued trophy."
Referring in a humorous vein to the
value of the gift in "raising the wind,"
Sir Thomas said that he never really
had any difficulty, in so doing except
at Sandy Hook. He had hoped, he said,
to add an interest to the fiscal con
troversy by increasing the British sil
ver Imports with that interesting Im
port, the' America's cup. Having
failed to do so, he found in this silver
service a splendid substitute.
Speaking with much feeling. Sir
Thomas said that If J any action of his
had - tended to the development of a
better feeling between Great' Britain
and the United States, It would be a
source of sincere happiness to him to
the end of -his days, though what he
had done, was merely -a slight return
for the generosity and courtesy ' show
ered upon him by the American people."
, Continuing, Sir Thomas said: "The
love which always exists between a
true mother and a true daughter/"how
ever wealthy ¦ and - aristocratic • that
LONDON, Dec. 18.-Sir Thomas Lip
ton announced his readiness to again
challenge for the America's cup, when
the silver service, subscribed forby ; the
people of the United States, was pre
sented to him at a dinner held at the
Hyde Park Hotel to-night. The dinner
was attended ty several members of
the House of Commons, the members
of the London presentation committee,
including John R. Carter, second secre
tary'of the United States embassy;
Captain Charles H. Stockton,'' United
States naval attache, and Major John
R. Beacom, United States military at
tache, and by nearly 100 American res
idents in London, as well ais several
who are now visiting here. Consul
General Evans presided and In pre
senting the service said it was unprec
edented for such an honor to be paid
a foreigner by the people of the United
States, but that Sir Thomas Lipton
had won the golden opinions of those
from whom he tried to wrest the Amer
ica's cup.
The seven clubs of the California As
sociation Football League have entered
teams in the matches of the Football
Union. The first tie for the cup will be
played a» the Presidio Athletic Ground
on Sunday, January 2, Arthur Robin
ton b*=-ir:g the referee, with C. W. Iriih
and Henry Roberts as linesmen. On
Sunday, January 31. there will be one
match for the cup on the Presidio Ath
letic ground and another at Idora
Park, Oakland. The seventh club will
draw a bye. The winners of these three
matches and the team that drew the
bye will enter the semi-final round for
the cup. The contest is conducted on
the same principle as a match play golf
competition, a beaten competitor re
tiring.
Association Football Matches.
English Yachtsman Gives Pub
lic Notice of His Intention
to Build New Challenger
LIPTON WILL
TRY ONCE MORE
Sixth race — Seven furlongs ; 3-year-olds and
upward; eel ling.
5461 Prestolus (Devln & Co.) Ill
(54i52)Conatellator (Keating & Co.) 114
5167 'Captivate (Pi Hlldreth) 10»
5436 Aunt Polly (Oraffort & Co.) 114
(5474)«Elfln King (B. C. Curl) 10t>
84.14 'Prince Blare* <K. Herz) 1C9
5456 »E1 Plloto (W. HoafO 108
54«1 Greenock (J. . Woods) 117
5461 •Galanthus (Mrs. J- Coffey) .100
5478 CJuatre (E. TlerneJ-) Ill
<54S5)CouKar (Boots & Hollenbegk). . .\ . . . . .11 1
6481 Quiet (H. E. Rowel!) 114
allowance.
Fifth race — Futurity course; 3-year-olds and
upward: purse.'
5472 Sad Sam (H. Green) 10«
5464 Allopath (Lamasney Bros.).... 107
5.T07 Revolt (Kentucky Stable) 100
5466 Olennevis (W. Durkee) 103
5463 Peter J (P. J. Smith) 100
5442 Burnle Bunton (J. F. Newman) 100
R35» Modicum (D. J. Fountain) 09
64€5 Incubator (Van Meter & Co.) 103
5471 Yellow Tall <J. Hackett) 109
(5477)Lord Melbourne (Bender & Co.) 9i
FRESNO, Dec. 18.— W. S. James, an
ex-convict, was arrested last evening
as he was entering a saloon on Mari
posa street by Deputies Walter J.
Pickett and Walter S. McSwain.
James with two other men, said to be
convicts, are accused of holding up a
train on the O. R."& N. road, at Cor
bett. Or., on September 24 last.
Miner, an alleged confederate, is be
lieved to be in hiding in this city and
his capture is considered certain. The
police and Sheriff's office are making
every effort to run him to earUi.
James was a member of the notorious
Dilwood-Jame3 gang, whose crimes and
depredations several years ago were
almost without parallel. He was sus
pected of the murder of a merchant
named Good, which occurred at Tar
pey, near Fresno. He has been arrest
ed several times and twice served
terms of imprisonment in San Quen
tin. It was while he was serving his
second term that the plans for the
train robbery were made.
For some weeks James has been em
ployed on the Kearney estate as a
night watchman.
Officials in San Francisco and Oregon
have been notified of the capture.
W. S. James, an Ex-Convict, Is
Arrested for Complicity in
a Recent Hold-Up- in Oregon
Cambridge University, England, has
received a valuable recruit in \Y. Pot
ter of Pembroke College, who has
played twice on the varsity team and
won his match orO^T n occasion. At
present he receives an allowance of
two strokes in the University Golf
Club competitions, but he will proba
bly be placed at scratch in future.
Men who represent the university in
golf do not receive* the full "blue"
given to men who row in the univer
sity eight or play on the cricket elev
en, but get a "half blue." The num
ber of university competitors has in
creased so greatly in recent years that
it was deemed impracticable to give
every representative a full blue, the
British principle being to make dis
tinctions valuable by chariness in their
distribution. The universities have
representatives in cricket, rowing,
Rugbj' union football, association
football, lawn tennis and field sports,
golf, cycling, billiards, chess, hockey,
hare and hounds, polo, swimming and
water polo.
Cambridge Has Clever Golfer.
TRAIN ROBBER
IN THE TOILS
The Christmas day game will bo
played on Richmond field, and the
Fame seats will be used as In the in
tercolles-iate struggle. The three sec
tions in the center on each side will
have reserved seats at $1 50 each. All
the rest of the seating will be reserved
by sections at Jl per seat. Less tickets
will be sold for each section than were
issued for the college game, allowing
epectators more room. Tickets to the
standing rr>om section at each end of
the field will be 50 cents. The tickets
will bp placed on sale at Clabrough,
Golcher & Oo.'s on Monday morning.
The Indians will reach here Tuesday
night and will be quartered at the Oc
cidental Hotel.
Geissler. the famous right halfback
of the Stanford University football
team, will captain the Reliance All-
California eleven when it meets the
Carlisle Indians in this city on Christ
mas day.
Geissler was the unanimous choice
of the bis: squad which is in training^
He is a pood field peneril and much
is expected of him in the handling of
the team. The Indians r^ly chiefly on
trick plays and it will require quick
perception to offset this style of com
petition. .
Heitmuller, who paved the day for
Berkeley fn the intercollegiate, con
test, and Force, another Berkeley stal
wart, will probably be in the line-up
apainst the Indians. Shields, also, may
rlay. Manager Pete Smith has had
all the members of his team registered
in the Pacific Athletic Association, the
pnverning body in amateur sport on
this coast. This protects their stand
ing against any possible attacks at
some future time.
Will Lead the Reliance All California
Eleven Asainst the Indians. ' -
GCISSLER TO CAPTAIN TEAM.
Coach Warner, arrived here early to
day. To-morrow afternoon they will
meet a team from the University of
L~tah. and on Monday the Indians will
continue their journey to the coast,
where ?ames are scheduled for Christ
mas and New Year's.
SALT LAKE, Dec. 18.— The Carlisle
Indian football team, in charge of
Aro Due in This City on Tues
day Next to Meet the All-
Calif ornias on Christmas Day
WILL START WEST AT OXCE
When Toah died the other day at Los
Angeles Pat Dunne lost a useful per
former. The fast sprinter was owned
by the Chicago horseman's little son, a
present from his father, and every
purse won by Toah was placed in the
bank to the little fellow's credit.
Charles Boots of the Elmwood stock
farm says he was told the infant owner
had a bank roll of nearly $10,000, won
entirely by the dead gelding.
There are about 1300 horses stabled
on Oakland. Ingleside and Tanforan
tracks or in the immediate vicinity of
these courses. Los Angeles is welcome
to a bundle of them. So far not quite
100 horses have been shipped to Ascot
Park. Among the stables that raced
here and will be represented at the
southern metropolis meeting are: S. G.
"Morton & Co., James Curl, S. Polk, P.
Wilkerson, Charles Saunders & Co., EI
lerd & Co., E. B. Smith and Barney
Schreiber. The latter horseman has
another big batch racing here after
shipping sixteen down south. Jockeys
J. Booker, Jed Lewis and W. Knapp
will be among the departures.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
First race — Seven furlongs: three-year-olds
and up; selling:
5430 •Dotterel (F. J. O'Rourke).. MX5
W5« Emily Oliver <R. Clarke) 109
54f8 Puss in Boots (A. Josephs)............ 100
4&!0 El Fonse (C. P. Fink) .114
54S1 Billy Moore <J. J. P.ector) :...;.. .1C8
5304 Bard Burns (D. S. Fountain) 112
54«S Arthur Ray <J. L. Clayton & Co.) 112
4387 'Gyros (Jonnlngs & Co.)....;. :.1O6
•Evelyn Byrd- (Moshlcr & Co.) 109
MfiS Military <W. Durkee). 109
0473 P*t MOTTi«^y (T. Wellman)... ..103
Mr. rhir.zy (Klunder & Co.) 117
Second race — Six furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse:
«54CT)I>ord WadEworth <T. G. Ferguson).. ..103
543.1 Otto Stifel <B. Schreiber) ».1U«
C4HO Virginia -Hey (.Winters & Co.); 100
5421 Presidio (Hamilton Stable).. ;...1O3
4j4tt»)Rockaway IBurna A Waterhouse) 113
(W50)Judge (M. J. Daly) .113
Third race — One mile; maidens; all ages;
Felling:
&412 'Meeto l\. Schulta).... .104
4530 Rionda <R. Hughes) .109
Mas Lurene <W. L. Prltchard).. ....104
547«»Dr. Blrdsal! (G. MeConneH).......... 85
544;{ •Esforzado (S. A. Bryan)... «..1O4
54fi3 Cheney <U. 2. d> Arman).. DO
5478 •Capitol (G. Lanka) S2
64S1 Theodora L. (P. E. Smith) * .104
.... . Thank Haven (J. Kyle)... *o
5432 Bright Moon (Garland & Co.). ...... ...109 |
Fourth race — One and an eighth miles; han
dicap,' for all aces.'
5464 Vetera.no ¦ (W. Vlvell) '„.. 59
;....Maor Tenny (MeMahon & Co.)...... ..103
5442 Claude (M. J. Daly) ........; 1 1»
5429 Dr. Bernays ( J. Conway) 100
. --.... -. ¦: ¦ ..
Kunz, who rode Young Pepper in the
first race, was given three days on the
ground by the judges for rough riding.
He bumped and nearly threw The Ha
waiian on the stretch turn.
Mrs. Chandler, as guardian of Jockey
Chandler, Is seeking an annulment of
the contract held on the boy's services
by Caesar Young. She alleges that J.
L. Haskell, who formerly held the con
tract and sold the same to Young, is
withholding money due the rider, and
the stewards have the matter under
advisement.
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
Poorlands, the secojid choice, an
nexed the steeplechase, which was a
farcical affair. Phil Archibald ran sec
und and Indian II, the favorite, third.
IJoyal S. it was generally supposed, ran
out at the second 1 obstacle.
ARCADE WIXS CLEVERLY. -'VV
Arcade, the big maidenj from the
Jennings stable, disposed of a fair con
signment in the fifth number, a, seven
furlong run decided under selling con
ditions. Hainault was favorite, 1 and
after getting away none too well
was th«> recipient of an apathetic ride
from Hildebrand. Jack Martin, on Ar
cade, passed Jockey Club in the
stretch, winning easily by more than
three lengths at odds of 10 to 1. Hain
ault was lucky to get inside. the money.
In the last event, at one mile and
fifty yards. Hildebrand seemed to have
recovered his usual composure. He had
the leg up on Forest King and riding
an intelligent and energetic race beat
The Frc-tter»and Achilles with the ut
most ease. .
Soufriere, a filly racing In the colors
of Dayton Co., aTid 15 to 1 in the
betting at one stage, took the opening
scramble. She was ridden by Ander
son, and outgaming Young Pepper at
the end wojn by less than a length.
Harbor was*" third. Birkenruth qn the
favorite Effervescence ran fourth.
Hildebrand rode a poor race on
Mountebank in the mile selling affair
or the gelding would have scored. As
it was Larsen, astride the lukewarm
favorite I O U, saved ground on the
rail, beating Mountebank nearly a
length. Merwan, with Booker up, fin
ished third.
Ahumada ran disappointingly, finish
ing fourth behind San Nicholas, a horse
with . no especial fondness for muddy
going. .
Speculation was brisk on all six of
the different events, and the attend
ance was fair despite the threatening
weather. Favorites were three times
returned winners.
Muresca, Royal Rogue and Glenden
ning declined the issue, which left a
field of six to start. Eleven to twenty
was the best price laid about Shot Gun.
He acted a bit fractious at the post, as
did Kenilworth and Eyea G. It was a
one-horse race, though, when the. bar
rier did go up. Jack Martin sent the
favorite out in front, and. while Kenil
worth. made quite a bid in" the stretch
failed. to make good, Shot Gun winning
by half a length, with something to
give away. . , ¦ \"
AHUMADA A DISAPPOINTJIENT
j Every time Waiter Jennings fires Shot
Gun from the stable the strapping son
of Artillery makes a report- that sounds
like ready money. Shot: Gun did not
carry all of his baggage with him in_
the Futurity course handicap at Ingle
side yesterday, for he was requested to
shoulder, but ,119 pounds. . '
From the mannerln which he handled
it and blew home ahead of Kenilworth
the big one can pick up two or three
bookmakers' stands, an old boiler or
two from the pumping works,;' all the
lead water piping on the premises and
with a stout-hearted steeplechase rider
in the pilot-house can beat most of the
ordinary racing material while' the wet
weather /continues. " .. :
Carlisle Team Plays the Uni
versity of Utah 3Ien To-Day
at the 3Iormon Stronghold
INDIAN ELEVEN
TO PERFORM AT
SALT LAKE CITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAiX, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1903. ,
SPORTS OF THE TRACK, THE PRIZERING AND THE GRIDIRON
Kenilworth the Only/ Other Starter to Get Within Range
of the Jennings Entry—Soufriere and Arcade Furnish
the Surprises— Poorlands Captures the Steeplechase
SHOT GUN, AT SCANT ODDS,
EASY WINNER OF HANDICAP
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
11
HERE IS THE BIGGEST
CHANCE YET FOE
EVERYBODY.
Christmas Novelties,
Christmas Presents,
Christmas Toys.
They Are Yonrs if You
Want Them.
SEE THE BEAUTIFUL
CHRISTMAS CALL^
NEXT SUNDAY
/; ;r ADVEBTISEMENTS.
r^^g.B^igw^. A MIIXION GRANDMAS all over j§
Z&B&>^FT\. America point to CASCARETS |j
fS&r \«W^* M&lk Candy Oathaxtic as the moat per- Fj
fir % " \ <I«k 6C^ ft* 111^ medicine ever discov- M
f J*~ Siliiak ered - Good - kind, tender-hearted |j
I <-<^/ "'-o^B^^'fc^W old soul — grrandma tries to help gj
1 \*0*^ \Xi: c $ ' f '<J>ii others by telling- of the good things i]
aV-w jtftSL fB : i '?/>» Bho has learned through experience §1
(/"" A M\r?\ tf.^*&-f%-Wk and so the sale of CASCARETS is m
»W# JSPSUm^'-'' 0 OVER A MILT. JON BOXES A f\
i jr^ !^**w£:'t;\ Wr- MONTH. Years of experience with |]
I •. fJbk her O"V7n health, and grandpa's and B|
V A lSE^fce«w<dS»> "* Wr n8r children's, and her children's ||
\*Q*%£9^S3D'j£!fi ffiBSy children's have tausfht grandma Sh
V^vBsM^M^iL that OASC ABETS Candy Cathar- I]
A v^^K /XPHm tio are tho only P 61 * 6 *^ medicine Eg
V y gm.*& sWism-S for all bowel troubles children's |M
11 JUM&'-'MF^r diseases, diseases of the stomach ij
V .J&^tBC^sI and liver » 8ici headaches, bilious- hi
IUB^jeSKjI - Effl-^ ness, and bad blood. Best for the fe
SwESSKSsiBN^Blfe^. bowels. All druggists, 10c, 25c, ri
' J Jwr-»vfili§li^^CT > 50c. Never sold in bulk. Genuine I
jMt!*>** W&Wr^ tablet stamped O C O. Sample and i\
»^l*^jl<«lr^ booklet free. Address f j
~* ***3tf\*B&9r " Th ' y mak * STERLING REMEDY COMPANY, |i
Ms!f m * fo 'J .. " Chicago or New York. [ j
ANNUAL SALE TEfi MILLION BOXES j
i. Greatest in the World ,,,.-,_.,-,,.,,,,,^JShipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday. ' December; 18. ¦
Stmr Montara. Reilly. 101 hours from Seattle.
Stmr Leelanaw, Monroe, 5 days tt hours from
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. 6. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. ¦• Cai.,
' December 18. ¦ ' ¦ *
The Tlm« Ball on the tower of 4hs > Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon -to-day— •
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian.' or at 8 p.
m..' Greenwich time.- - r J. C. BURNETT, !-'
Lieutenant U. S. N.V In 1 charge. ;
The Xevadan's Cargo.
The fteamer Nevadan sailed yesterday for
Honolulu and Kahulu) with an assorted mer
chandise cargo, valued at fl26,326, and In
cluding -the following: -
710 bbls flour. KM'ctis wheat. 198 ctls corn.
01.010 lbs bran. 776 ctl» barley. 19.2K9» lbs
middlings, 125 lb« hor.s, U.P25 lbs sugar. 372
eals 10 cs wine, 2 c« champagne. 203 cs 58
bbls whisky. 236 bbls spirits, 375 casks beer,
U cs liquors. 205 pkps potatoes, 23 crtg onions,
5500 lbs codfl*h. 204 lbs fresh fish, 2185 lbs
bean*. 5 bx* raisins. 1760 Jbs coffee, 5530 lbs
rait. 520 lbs tea, 341» lbs ham and bacon. 6939
lbs bread. 14« cs table preparation*. 3916 lbs
candy. 4 pkgt vinegar, 2414 lbs 3 c« cheese.
1S5 cs 47 pktr* ealmon, »2*0 lbs lard. 250 lbs 2
pk«s butter. 178 pkgs fresh fruits. f> pkgw freth
ve Sf tables. 755 pkgs baking powder, 1726 lb«
dried fruit, 318!) lbs 10 cs meals, 264 cs canned
goods. 142 pkgs paste, 5S pkg» groceries and
provision*. 0207 lbs 89 pkgs manufactured to
bacco, 34» pkM dry uood«. 1S7 pk»rs paints and
oils, 48 pkgs drugs and tvndrles, 30 pkgs mlll
wcrk, 23 pkgji machinery. 30 pkgs agricultural
Implements. 97 pkgs railroad material; 60 pkgs
paper, 38 pk»» copper tubes, 467 Mis 61 pes
iron. C50 bdls wire. J3S5 kegs nails, 233 -pkgs
1C0O pes pipe. 25 . bales waste. 107 bxs soap.
7050 lbs soda, 12 cs sewing machines, 38,352
lbs starch. 1 reel wire rope.- 18 rolls duck 2760
gals distillate, 49 pkgs steel. 12 cs cartridges.
7 bdls brooms. 1235 bbls "cement,- 20 cs gaso
line. R00 railroad tl*>*, 107 cs' boots and Bhoe«,
25 colls rope. 8 cs hats. 15 bbls tar. 10.735 lbs
asphalt, 150 bxs candles, 200 cs blasting pow-
SATURDAY, DECEMBER 10'. ~~
Sun rises . .' .7:20
Sun sets ...4:53
Moon rises ..'..; 5 :50 v. m.
c |Time| ITlmep ITlmel ITime!
1 Ft. f-r— Ft. I Ft.—— 1 Fh
!Q H W| |L W| . |H W| |L,W| ., A
1 _ — ¦ — s :
I 19 I 0:43 4.81 5:0S . 311 11:471 5.7 6:071 — 0.7
! 20 1:25 4.0 5:19 3.111:541 5.5 6:42— Ob
21 2:05 4.9 6:37 3.2 12:35 5.2 7:16—0 2
22 2:44 5.0J 7:25 3.2 1 :20| ¦6.0J 7:51[ o.l :
23 I 3:20| r..OfR:)S! 3.2| 2:00! 4.ftf 8:261 04
24-1 3:51| 5.0< 0:21] 3.0| 2:49| 4.1 ,0:c5| 0.S
25 i 4:2S| 5.0,10:25[ 2.7| :t:4I>| 3.S 9:51| 1.2
NOTE. — In the above exposition of the tides
the early mornlns tides are given fn thn left
hand column • and the successive tides of this
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the laet tide. of the
day. except 'when there are but three tides, at
:. sometimes occurs. The heights given ' are ¦ in
addition to the sounding* of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted . from • the depth given by
the charts.. The plane of reference is the mean
: cf the lower lour v. aters. f
The German schooner Diana, was cleared yes
terday for Ponape, Caroline Islands, via the
Marshall Islands, with an assorted cargo
valued at $C150 and including the following:
23 bbls fluur, fmsn ft lumber. 545 cs assorted
canned sroods. 200 cs ealmon, 6000 brlcka, !>
bales twine. 7200 lbs bread. 300 lbs lard. 202
gals wine. 1 cs hops, 2 cs olives. 20 crts pota
toes, 20 pkgs onions. 3 bxs frerh fruit, 200 cs
salad oil. 4s0 lbs soda. 37 pkgs provisions, 200
lbs starch, 300 cs coal oil. SH cs gasoline. 23
Pkgs glaesware, 4 boats. 1 cs* dynamite. 2- cs
caps and fuse. I bx glass. .35 pk*s mill work,
3 cs dry goods. 12 pkgs stoves and hardware.
A Cargo for German Oeeaniea.
The French bark Jean is chartered for
wheat and barjey from this 1 port to ; Europe,
and the British bark Inverness proceeds to
Sydney in balla«t.
The British bark Ancenis is chartered for
lumber from Puget Sound to Freemantle, and
the German bark Alsterschwan, for railroad
ties, from this pert to-Callao or JJollendo at
13s $?d. ...
The brig Galilee loads merchandise here for
the Washington and Fanning Islands, and the
bark Olympic returns to Honolulu with general
cargo. ;•_<
Matters of Interest to Marines and
Shipping Merchants.
XEWS OF THE OCEAN.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. ••! Due.
Aicata C003 Bay & Pt. Orford. | Dec. ID
Empire Coos Uay & Pt. Orford. |Dec. 10
F. Leggett... Huir.boldt Vec. 11)
Sp<,kar.e Huir.boldt !Dec. la
Ching Wo Hongkong via Manz'llo.|uec. ID
Newburg Grays Harbor I Dec. 11)
laqua I Humboldt iDec. l'J
Phoenix j Mendoclno I Dec. 20
G. L/nduuer.. Portland & Astoria ID?c. L'O
J. Dollar Feattle &. Tacoma. IDec. 20
Bonlta »l Newport & Way Ports.. Pec. 20
N. Maru ? China &. Japan [Dec. 20
Aztec Tacoma IDsc. 21
sierra Sydney & Way Ports. .IDec. 21
Oanfa China & Japan Dec. 21
Rainier... Seattle & Whatcom Dec. 21
u. Vv. Elder.. i> or tland &. Astoria Dec. 21 i
State of Cal... g an Diego & Way Ports Dec. 21
•.tntralla j g an p e dro (Dec. 21
Del Norte....j crescent City | Dec. 21
a. Dollar Grays Harbor IDec. 21
San Pedro...] Humboldt iDec. 22
Tellus ! Oyster Harbor 'Dec. 22 j
Pomona i Humboldt IDec. 22 |
Pomo j Pt. Arena & Albion. .|Dec. 22 i
Eureka j Humboldt iDec. 2-t ,
Acapulco 1 New York via Panama. IDec. 2:: '
Queen 1 Puget Sound Ports |Dec. 2T> !
S. Monica Grays Harbor iDec. 24 ¦
Coos Bay Pan Pedro & Way PcrtslDee. 24 ;
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt.Arena.|Dec. 24 ;
Santa Rosa... Pan 1'lego & Way Pts.lDcc. 2-1 !
Oregor.ian. Xcw York IDec. 2rt
S. Barbara... S'att!e & Olympia IDec. 2fr
Columbia Portland & Astoria IDec. 20
North Fork... Humboldt (Doc. 27
Curacao Mexican Ports IDec. 27
Centennial.... Seattle & Tacoma IDtc. 27
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. . i Der. 27
City Puebla.. Puxet Sound Ports ;Dec. 2.S
Siberia China and Japan iDec. 2S
Marlposa Tahiti, IDec. 21)
. TO SAIL.
¦ Steamer. | Destination. Sails. I Pier.
December 19. j |
Sequoia.. .. Grays Harbor 12 mjPier 20
Arctic Humbclut 9 am Pier 2
Chiro Coquiils River G DmlPier .2
Alameda... Honolulu 11 am Pier '7
SanJo«e... N. Y. via Panama. 12 raj Pier 40
Columbia... Attoria & Portland. 11 amIPler 24
Pt. Arena..! Pt. Arena & Mdcno 4 pmlPier 2
Coos Bay... San Pedro 4: Way. 9 amiPler 11
Rival Willapa Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Deeexuber 20. \
S. Rosa.... ?an DI»*o <& Way. I O amiPler 11
Eureka Humboldt [ 9 am Pier 13
December 21. I |
Czarina.... i'cos Biy direct... 1 12 m'Pler 8-
North Fork. Humbcldt 1 ft wnlPier 20
Spokane Humholdt |l:30plPler n
Centralla... Grays Harbor 1 4 pmlPier 10
* December 22. | |
Phoenix Metiilocino City | 1 pmlPier 13 1
San Pedro.. I,os Angeles Ports. I 2 pm!Pler 2 1
Aicata..... Cocs' B.-P. OrfordJ 4 pmlPier l.i
Doric China * Japan 1 pmlPier 4o
Umatllla... Pupet Sound Ports. 11 am'Pler 0
December 23. I
Empire Coos Bay direct.. .12 m!Pier 13
Bonlta Newport & Way...! 0 amlPier 11
Newburg... Grays Harbor I 4 pm'Pler 10
December 24. I I
S. Monica.. Los Angeles Ports.l 4 pm 'Pier 2
F. Leggetf Humboldt I 9 amlPier 2
U.Ltnoauer. Grays Harbor .... IPIer —
Pomona Kumboldt l:S0 plPier 9
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma. 6 pmjPier 20
G. W. Klder Astoria * Portland. 11 ami Pier 24
ChlngWo.. Hongkong , .| 1 pmiPler 2i>
State Cal... San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
Pomo Pt Arena A Albion C pm Pier 2
December 26. 1
Barracouta. N. Y. via Panama. 12 mjPier 40
Rainier Seattle & Whatcoir. 4 pmlPier 10
, December 87. I I
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 1 11 ami Pier 9
December 29. | I
Alliance Eureka tk Coos Bay| 4 pmiPler 10
V FROM SEATTLE. ' , ;' '^ '^
Steamer. ~ For ¦'~\ Sails.
Al-KI Skagway & Way Ports. IDec. 20
Valencia Skagway Direct ..IDec. 25
Farallon Ekagway & Way Ports., Dec. 2rt
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. iDec. 2t>
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.|Jau. 1
Th? Fteamsnlp San Jose, which sails to-day
for Panama and way ports, will carry about
a ecore of passengers end 2300 tons of freight.
"Engineer" Miller, a water front character
with a hobby for fishing from the wharves,
yr*t«Tday" dropped his net from the bulkhead
at Main street and caught a 10-pound cod.
Th« fish was bluish in color and of a variety
seldom set-n In bay waters.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner
Alarr.c-da will eall at^ 11 o'clock this morning
for Honolulu. Amor.* her passengers will be
Colonel Jchn McLellan of the army, who Is
reluming to his pott cf duty after a leave cf
absence.
Water Front Notes.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Gecdetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San -Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of th«
Superintendent. •
NOTE.— The high and low waters occur at
th6 city front (Mifslcn-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the fame at both places.
Gettlnj Ready for Sea.
The nhtllnc bark John and Winthrop has
docked ct the bulkhead t#t»ppn Howard ami
Mif«ion ftreet v/hancs and is being made
ready for anoth/r blubber hunt. The out
fitting of a vhalf-r always attracts considerable
Interest, and yesterday, notwithstanding the
Ftearty d«"wr.r>our of rain. r;uit«» a little crowd
watched the ewarthy PcrtUFuese whalemen as
th'y bwFled tJiemMl\-f>s on board the hark cr
among the huge oil barrel? »catter»-d about th;
butkheail. The Jchn and Winthron will sail
before Chri*tmas.
\ppolnted Passenger Agent.
a. n. aioinri nas r>ecn arr>ojntea traveling
pa?«»r.ger agent of the American and Au«-
A cablegram received at the Merchants' Ex
change yesterday from Manila reports that the
little army transport Ktafftley Is ashore at
Murcielago*. north of Mindoro. The rocks
have penetrated the vessel's bcttom.
Small Transport Ashore.
A cablejfram received yesterday from Lon
don slates that the British steamship Manau
prc*. bcur.d from Hakodats for this por., and
previously reported arhore at Mororan, will
be a tota! lc«s. All en board were rr.ved.
Mnnaucnse a Total Loss.
To Mexico — 1C0 bbls flour. 1243 gals 5 cs
nin*-, 2C1 rkgs potatoes. IS pkgs onions. 700
lbs snices, ::»<> lhs drlod fruit.. S2 pkgs pastr,
7 Cfl mineral water, .'51 pkgs dried vegetables,
(JGO lbs raisin?, ."ti pkgs groceries and provla- ,
ions, .">4 <•« tanned goods, 2 cs whisky, -') cs
Kin. !) pks* fresh fruit. Ifi2 lbs butter, 120,141
ft :'A'i pes lumber. ."0'J bdls cedar wood, 700 cs
dynamite. 10 cs fuse, 5 c* blasting cartridges.
s halfs bags. 1 cs arms and ammunition. 5 bbls
tar. :;«i rolls roofing, 8 C3 coal oil, -2 cs boots
nnd shoes. 21 l'kgs nails, ."i.'5 pkgs machinery.
l<8 pkss paper. 14 pkgs paints and oils, 2 bdW
leather. *5 pkgs 15 pes pipe, 2 cs powder,. 7S
pes iron, ti ukgs steel.
To Central America— 225 bb'.B flour, 88S gals
wine. 48 jikgs groceries and provisions, 22 pkgs
hardware, 2 bdls iron. 240 kegs blasting pow
der. 219 cs gREOline, 44s ¦ tons coal, 1 bale
<iakum. 5 pkrs candles, f»C2 lbs soda. 50 colls
wire. 2 rkgs maohlnery. 14C0 gals crude oil. 40
«.-!< dynamite, :t es caps and fuse, 4 cs electrical
supplies. 10 cs drugs. 0 cs turpentine, 50 cs
roap. 3168 railroad ties, 3 flasks quicksilver,
(j bars st»el.
To Ecuador — 80O bbls flour, 01 cs ' canned
gooc>, a pkrs groceries and provisions, 10 cs
salmon. 1K« lbs dried fruit, 40 bdls brooms,
:U0 colls ."ifl bdls rope. 5(w)O ft lumber. 50bbl3
coccanut oil, .1 cs soap. 1 cs shoes.
To Peru— 1 CO bbls flour, 1S4.3K0 lbs malt,
1120 lbs dried fruit, 41 c» canned goods, 13
pkgs groceries and provisions. 00 gala wine,
124 cs salmon, 30 bbls beef, 35."7 railroad tie*,
3(10 c» blasting powder. 12 cs cap« and fuse,
7500 lbs tallow, 12 rolls matting, 15 ' bbls
oocoanut oil, 25 bdls rope. 10 drums sulphuric
acid. 12H bdls shook*. 4 bdls bamboo, 74 cs
paints, 250 rolls roofing paper. U pkgs' mi
cMr.er;-, 34 bd'.s sacks. 10 bbls pork, 28 cs
nails. ¦ •»"¦ • • ;. . .'
To Chile — 2040 cs canr.ed talmon, 20 cs
whisky, 12.4C0 lbs lard, 33 cs canned sroods,
r.WR lbs <hrim:i!', 74 colls rope, 100 c« soap,
5f> bbls ell, 12 cj> paper, 1 cs saddlery.
To Germany — 741, CSU lbs dried prunes, 316
gal« wine. 50 cs honey.'
To Italy — 15.1 in gals brandy. v
To Belgium — 110,250 lbs dried prunes.
To Holland— 11. 2tO lbs dried prunes.
The German steamer Abydo* of the Kosmos
line sailed yesterday for Hamburs and way
I>ott« with a general merohadisc- cargo valued
at SOS.1C4 and distributed as follows: For
Mexico. Sl!>.«14; Central America, ?S3:?7:
Ecuador. $8058; Peru. $ 15.311; Chile, fll',755:
Germany, $lH.fC5; Italy. $!S36tf; England, $0500;
Belgium. $li«f;0; Holland, $140. The leading
exports were as follows:
Exports by the Kosnios Liner.
The report of tho fact that the Brit
ish ship Kensington, which arrived
"Wednesday night from Newcastle, Aus
tralia, had encountered a terrific ty
phoon nine days out from the antipo
dean r*ort has caused considerable un
easiness for the safety of other ves
sels that left the coal port about the
same time. The British ship W. J. Pir
rie left Newcastle the day before the
Kensington sailed, and the ship Alice
A. Leigh and the bark Thistle, both
Britishers, started for this port in com
pany with the Kensington. That they
all encountered the typhoon is highly
probable, and on!y the future can tell
with what result.
These three vessels were listed yes
terday for reinsurance, all being quoted
at 10 per cer.t. The}- are all stout, well
found windjammers, and as far as
known were as fully and efficiently
manned as the Kensington, which
weathered the blow and made port in
The other overdues are quoted as fol
lows: Paris TO per cent. La Bruyere 45
per cent and Olivebank 30 per cent.
trallan line in p:ace of Frank Jenifer, who r°
flgned to accept a position as Pacific Coast
representative of the Hawaiian Promotion
Committed. Moffitt's duties require him to
meet at Honolulu th? liners of the Oceanic
Steamship Company find en the trip to this
port from Honolulu to attend to the overland
transportation of passengers whose destina
tion !i«a beyonrt San Francisco. Moffltt 13
one of the brightest ft the rising generation In
th? transnortation w<-r!d. and while in the
ticket offk« of th^ Oceauio Steamrhip Company
proved hlmaeif alert. < billing and intelligent
in the oischarge cf h!s duties. H; leaves for
Honolulu to-day rn the Alameda.
der. 4 cs blasting caDS. ST> f=ks coal. 8S0 sks
fertilizer. 20 tin? matches, C7."> lbs lead. 5 bales
leather, SCO hegp. 1 hcrse. tt hpad cattle.
FAMOUS OLD WHAlIw" BARK JOHN AND WINTHROP. WHICH DOCKED YESTERDAY AT THE BULKHEAD
BETWEEN iOSSZSs AND HOWARD STREET WHARVES TO BE RENOVATED AND OUTFITTED FOR
ANOTHER BLUBBER-HUNTING VOYAGE.
Movements of Steamers.
Tacoma.
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson, 41 hours from Port ,
Los Angeles. ;
Stmr Cmattlla. Xopander.' 65 hours from Vic
torla and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Samoa. Madsen. 45 hours frgm San
Pedro. ...
Stinr Eureka. .lessen, 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy. .Leland, 26 hours from Monterey
and way ports.
Xor stmr Hero. Syverisen, 4',a days from
Ladysmith.
BKtn Araco, Semsen, 10 days from Willapa
Harbor.
Schr C. A. Klose, Grugeel, 13 U, days from
Astoria.
CLEARED.
Friday. Depember 18.
Stmr Columbia. Doran. AMoria; Oregon
Railroad and Navigation Company.
Stmr Coos Ba>. Xleolson. San Ptdro; Pa
cific Coast Cteamshlp Company.
btmr Nevadan. Greene. Honolulu and Kahu
lul: Williams. Dimond & Co.
fetmr Hunta Kcss.. .Alexander, San Diego;
Pacific Coa»t Stearrshlp.Co.
Ger schr Diana. Warners. Ponape and Jalult;
Williams. Dimond & Co. '
SAILED.
- Friday. December 18.
Stmr Centennial. Strand, for Seattle.
Stmr i'omona, Swe.m>«n, Eureka.
Stmr Gn, Ujomis. BadKJr. Seattle.
Stmr WhlttWr. Macdonald, Ventura.
- Stmr San Pedro. Petersen, Eureka.
Stmr Prentl.«». AMstrom, ..
Stmr Nevadan, Greene, Honolulu and Ka
hulai. -
Sttr.r "Whlte*boro. Olsen, Mendoclno.
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson. Greenwood.
Stmr Abirdeen. Daniels, Astoria and Port
land. ¦ . • . '
Ger £tmr Abydos, Beelendorf, Hamburs and
way ports.
Schr Coquille. Pearfon. for Coqullle River.
TELEGRAPHIC. '
POINT LOBOS, Dec If*. 10 p m— Weather
foggy: wind SK. velocity 18 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS. ¦
SEATTLE— Arrived Dec 17— Stmr Santa
Earbara hence Dec 14.
Sailed Dec 18— Stmr Cottage City, for Skag
way
Arrived Dec 17— Ger ship Adolpb.'from Port
Lou Ansele*. -y
SOUTH' liKXD— Sailed Dec IS — Schr E>pa
da. for San Pedro.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Pec 18— Schr G "W
Watson, for ; Ger bark Thalassa, for Fre
niantle.
POKT GAMBLE— Arrived Dec IS— Schrs
Mlndora and G W Watson, from San Pedro.
COOS BAT— Sailed Dec IS— Stmr Alliance,
for Portland. Or.
TACOMA— Arrived Dec IS— Stmr Pleiades,
from Hongkong. '¦¦'¦£,
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived Dec 18— Bktn
John Palmer, from San Pedro. •
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Dec 18— Brig Gen
eva'for San Francisco.
WHATCOM— Sailed Dec 18— Stmr Rainier,
for San Francisco. » -
POINT ARENA— Arrived Dec 18 — Stmr
Porno hence Dec 17.
ASTORIA— Sailed Dec 18— Br stmr Lothian,
for Yokohama ; Br stmr Ascot, for Japan.
Sailed Dec 18~Br s:mr Stanley Dollar, for
Tacema; f.trnr AureKa, for : Br ehlp Vin
cent, for Queenstown: stmr Rqbert Dollar, for
San Pedro; Br stmr Indravelli, fcr China and
TATOOSH— Parsed in Dec 18— Stmr Edith,
hence Dec 15. for Seattle: Br ship Khyber,
hence Dec' 13, ' for Chemainus. ¦
Passed out Dec IS— Schr Luzon, from ;Ta
coma, for San- Pedro; s?hr Wm Olsen, from
Port Gamble, for San Francisco; bktn Kll
kltat, from Port Ludlow. for Honolulu; bktn
Lahalna.. from Tacoma. . for San. Francisco;
Nor bark Sigurd, from Tacoma, for Sydney.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Dec 18— Schr
Roy Somers, hence Dec 7: schr JM Weather
wax, from San Pedro; etmr Santa Monica,
h«nc« Dec U -; ¦ VV^- ?'« ~
Sailed Dec 14— Bktn J L. Eviston. for Re
tfondo; achr E K Wood, for San Pedro.
SAN PEDRO-^Arrivfd Dec 18-Schr F W
Howe, from Columbia River.- > -_'--• w^v . ¦>
Sailed Dec IS— Stmr Centralln, for San Fran
cluco: «hr Columbia, for BaUard. .
EUREKA— Arrived Dec 18— Schr Mary E.
Ruas .hence Dec" 13. > * . •
Sailed— Die IS— Stmr Francis H. •LegRett.
for Pan Francisco; stmr laqua, for San Fran
cisco; stmr " South ' Bay, for San Francisco;
stmr North Fork i for. San Francisco; stmr
Marshfield.' for Ran Francisco.
Arrived Dec 18 — Stmr Noyo,, hence Dec 17.
EVERETT— Arrived Dec 18— Schr WIns'.ow,
from San Pedro. ~ • ' _ ¦
Sailed Dec IK— Schr Sehome. for. San Pedro.
; - ISLAND PORTS. .
HONOLULU— Arrived Dec IS— Schr Matthew
Turner, from Newcastle. Australia; bark R. P.
Rlthct. hence Dec 2; stmr. American, from Se
attle: bktn Amelia.-, from Eureka
Sailed— Dec 17— Bktn S. O. Wilder, for San
Francioco: bark W -B. .Flint, for Makawelu.
Arrived Dec 18— Rtmr China, hence Dec 1^.
¦ * ¦¦'¦ FOREIGN PORTS. .
MAZATLAN— Sailed Dec 17— Stmr Acapulco.
for San Francisco. • , ;¦-.;•'
HAMBURG— Sailed Dec 15— Br ship Holt
Hill for Portland Or. ¦
DEAL— Paseed ' Dec ... 16-rBr - shio Beacon
Rock, from Antwerp, for Port Los Angeles.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived ' Ndv 16— Br stmr
Deucalion, from Tacoma for Liverpool.
Sailed— Dec 10— Stmr Olympia. for Tacoma.
Sailed— Dec 18— Stmr Tacoma. for Tacoma.
GIBRALTAR— Passed Dec 16— Nor stmr
Nordkyln. .from Yokohama, for New York.
HONGKONG— Sailed Dec .16— Br.itmr Em
press of.' Japan, for Vancouver.- .':
Sailed— Dec 18— Japstmr. America Maru, for
San Francisco. . "¦'.., ¦ ¦ .-. 1 .-..-¦
' •' * . QCE AN ¦ STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dsc 18— Stmr Luca
nla, • from Liverpool; stmr. Corinthian, . from
Glasgow. ' .
LIVERPOOLr^-Salled 'Dec lS^Stmr Bovic.
for -New York. . ¦ .
Arrived Dec 18— Stmr Arabic, from New
York. ; . . ;..¦>. . . ¦
NAPLES— Arrived Dec* 18-^Simr Lombardia,
fronv New -York."'- v .... ...
HAVRE— Arrived Dec 18— Stmr La Cham
pagne,~ from New ' York.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived- Dec 18 — Stmr
Campania, "from New York, for Liverpool,. and
proceeded. ¦ "."; - ¦
. PLYMOUTH— Arrived Dec lS-^Stmr Moltke,
from New York,, for Hamburg, and proceeded.
¦. GIBRALTAR— Arrived Dec -18 — Stmr Lahn.
from i. New- York, - for ' Naples -and -Genoa, and
.proceeded. ¦ ¦ . . • . . . '
Buckhorn military brush .sots, shaving
mirrors, letter cases, bill books, traveling
sets, dress suit cases and grips make
good presents for men. Prices right.
San born. Vail & Co. •
SANTA ROSA. Dec. 18. — William B.
Forsyth and Miss Ida Norton of this
city were wedded in Woodland, the
home of the bride's parents, on
Thanksgiving day. Their secret has
just leaked out and they are being
overwhelmed with congratulations.
Miss Norton is a teacher in the public
schools of this city and Forsyth re
cently returned from Dawson, Alaska.
Keep Their Marriage a Secret.
Alexander Darroux filed a libel in
the United States District Court yes
terday against the French bark Bas
suet to; recover $54 alleged balance
due on wages as cook.
Cook Files n Libel.
Bryan May Sec the Czar.
ST. PETERSBURG. Dec. 18. — Wil
liam J. Bryan will arrive here Sun
day. He. hopes to have an audience
with the Czar.
VICTORIA. B. C, Dec. IS. — There
was a sensational incident in the Hop
per-Dunsmuir will trial this morning,
when Judge Drake told Counsel Duff
he would not allow him to bully wit
nesses. Rev. Mr. Shaw, who perform
ed the marriage ceremony of Alex
ander Dunsmuir, was on the stand all
tho morning, being cross-examined by
Dviff. An important point elicited was
that a civil marriage had existed for
years between Dunsmuir and Mrs.
Wallace.
Judge Reprimands nn Attorney.
Xapa to Have Doxlng Programme.
XAPA; Dec. 18. — On New Years
night Alert Hose Company will give a
ball and entertainment on an elaborate
scale. The programme will be' pre
sented by the Olympic Club of San
Francisco and will include a wrestling
bout between T. Schurrni and W\ Pen
toni, the champion lightweight wrest
ler of the coast; a box match between
James Britt and Sam Berger and a
bout between W. Leonard, coast 123
pound champion, and R. Cairns of the
Olympic Club. Members 6f the San
Francisco club will accompany the
athletes.
.MOBILE, Ala., Dec. 18.— Advices re
ceived here ,by steamer indicate that
another revolution is imminent in Hon
duras and that it is expected to take
place soon after the first of the year.
It is expected to be fostered by ex-
President Sierra through a special en
voy, with the purpose of ousting Presi
dent Bonilla.
On his retirement from the executive
qhair of Honduras President Sierra
named Senor Arias for President and
he was given the position. Then Bo
nilla organized a revolution and over
threw Arias, who is now in jjrison at
Tegucigalpa.
It is said the people are dissatisfied
with the conduct of the Government,
and especially in the matter of the
Honduras Railway, which was ' built
by English capitalists. Since its con
struction not a cent of interest or prin
cipal has been paid the bondholders,
and it is asserted that the English Gov
ernment will take cognizance of the
matter and enforce the payment.
ROME, Dec. IS.— Considerable excite
ment prevailed in the mother* houses
«'f. the -Dominicans, Augustinlans,
Franciscans and the Recollects over
the announcement of the settlement of
the .friars' lands questions in the Phil
ippines. The friars were glad- the dis
cussions had been concluded, but think
the Order got little for the lands, since
the price they originally asked, $12,
000,000. was, they declare, under ; the
estimated value*of the lands, the value
of which had been much increased, es
pecially since the American occupation
and the re-establishment of order in
the Archipelago. The friars say the
money they .will ¦ receive is scarcely
enough to pay what they borrowed
when they were deprived of everything
b.v the revolution. Besides, they point
out. only part of the money will go to
the friars, asthe lands, were really
transferred to a company formed in
Madrid by the Marquis.de Comilllas.
the head of the Spanish Trans-Atlantic
Navigation Company. The Dominicans
succeeded in so thoroughly concealing
their ownership of lands that the Vati
can itself threatened to punish them se
verely for. having tried to deceive even
the ecclesiastical authorities.
» • •- '-'
TOLEDO, Ohio, Dec. IS.— A storm of
gigantic proportions is brewing in the
ranks of the Independent Order of Odd
Fellows, one of the strongest fraterni
ties in the world. Grand Master Charles
C. Pavey has determined to force out
every saloon-keeper, bartender and
gambler in the order in Ohio, pursuant
to a mandate issued by the Sovereign
Grand Lodge of the United States, but
which has stood as a Gead letter.
Thousands of men in the liquor busi
ness are affiliated with the Odd Fel
lows, and, while Pavey realizes already
that he has undertaken a huge task,
he has issued a mandate that they
must either honestly and legitimately
renounce and give up their business
before January 10, 190$, or be expelled
from the order.
"Any noble grand," he says, "who
shirks or refuses to do his duty will
be suspended. They must convict and
expel from the order all such mem
bers. -
"Any lodge," he added, "that put3
on trial and convicts such member and
fails to suspend him will have its
charter arrested at once."
Present Government Incurs
Enmity by Failure to En
force Collection of Revenue
Proscription Will Go Into Ef
fect Early in the Year and
Mandate Must lie Obeyed
Allegation Is Made That Great
er Part of Money Will
. Go to Spanish Corporation
INCREASE OF DISCONTENT
SAY PEICE $ IS TOO LOW
EXFORCIXG AX OLD LAW
A T arious Orders -Are Not Pleased
at the Settlement of the
Philippine Land Troubles
Former President of Honduras
Reported to- Have in Miiid
the Ousting of Bonilla
Grand piaster of Ohio Odd Fel :
lows Wants Liquor Dealers
and Barkeepers to Get Out
Narrow Escape of the Kensington Alarms the Marine
Underwriting World and Three Vessels That May
Have Been in the Storm Are Posted for Reinsurance
FRIARS STATE
THEY HAVE LOST
WILL OUST THE
BEVERAGE MEN
REPORT OF TYPHOON CAUSES
ANXIETY FOR WINDJAMMERS
SIERRA PLANS
A REVOLUTION
THE 5AX FRANCISCO .CALL SATURDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1903.
12
FREE TO CALL WANT AD-
' . ;-•;- VERTISERS. j
A SALT AND PEPPER
. SHAKER ;
FREE TO EVERY
"WAXT" ADVERTISER
IN THE CHRISTMAS CALL.
Each and . every want adver- ,
tiser in the Chrisamts Call will
be presented with this very, at-
tractive novelty, which is of
handsome appearance, highly
nickel plated and made with a
very pretty celluloid band. It l
will certainly prove a useful
household utility.
Tills premium can only be
obtained by bringing a "want': .'
' ad. for insertion in tlie Christ-
mas Call. It cannot be secured
in any other. way.
RAILWAY TBAVEI^ j
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO ;
LEAVES DAILY
at fi::?O a. m., taroujli In S flay«,
with dlaer aad all trappings. ;
Other Santa re Trains:
T:"n «. m. 1 fcr Stockton. Fresno. Bakersflell. I
B:20 a. m. } Merced. Hanford and Visalia. (
S:tit p. m. J '
4:00 p. m. fcr Stccklon.
S:t)O p- rn. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and i
Chicago.
TICKET OmCS — 641 Market St^ and !
Terry Depot, S. I*. Also 1112 Broad- :
•way, Oakland, Cal. {
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO. j
LiESSSB
SAH FPANCbiO e.th NUHTH PACIFIC
S&ILWAT COMPAJT?.
Tiburon rcrry. root of Market Street, j
SAW PBA1TCISCO TO SAIT BAPAEl.. !
WEEK DAYS— 7 :i0. 0:0". ll:COa. m.; 12:33.,
3:u«'. 3:!<>. 0:o0 p. m. Thursdays^ — Extra trip ,
at li::{0 p. m.
Snturilays— Kxtra trip at 1:30 and ll:oO p. m. .
BUNDAY8— 8:CO, 9:SO. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. !
S::!0 5:00. <;:2<\ 11 :C,0 p. m.
SAK " BATAri. TO_ SAN PBAWCISCO. |
WEEK DAYS-r«KIK . ¦¦£. » :^0. U:20. ll:loj
p.. m.; 12:30. U:40. 5:CP, 3:20 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 2:0. r > and 6:33 p. m. i
SUNDAYS — S:('f». :>:40. 11:13 a. m. ; 1:40, 2:40.
4:33, 3:C5. U:25 p. m.. ;
I^e<»\-e | In KITect I Arrive
£an Francl5co.| Se{t. 27. 19&J. (San Francisco.
Week I Sun- Destina- ) Sun- I Week
Days. I days : tlon. | days. [ Days.
T.-Wa! S:OOal : 9:10a! 8:40a
V 9 :.*!() a Igr.aclo. 10:40 a!lO:20 a
3:r.0p :::::0p 0:03 p 6:20 p
ft: 10 p 5:CO p] 7:.T5 p| j
7:30 aj ~~" 9:10 al 8:40 a j
| S:COa Nova to. 10:40 a! 10:20 a
r.:"0p| 0:30 a Fatnluma fi:05 p 6:20 p'
5:10rj3-30p and 7:o5 p i
I 5:00 p; Santa Rosa.
7:U0a^ j 110:40 a[10:20 a I
I S:COal Fulton. k | 7:35 p 6:20 p I
3:S0p| 3::;0pj | I I
I I Windsor. |
7:o0a! 3:00 a Healdsburff. 10:40a|10:20a
I | Lytton. i
3:C0p 3:D0p, GeyservlKe. 7:35 pj 6:20 p
| ¦ j Cloverdale. j
7:.:oaj S:O0 a| Hopland |10:4Oajl0:20 a
3:3Op| a:^Op| and UKiah. | 7:S5p) 6:2O p
7:30 a! H:0Oaj Willits. | 7;S3pj 6:20 p
V :::0a| S:OJ>al 110:40 a|10:2!J a
3::>0 p| o':o0p! Gucrnevllle. | 7:35 pj 6:20 p
7::«>a: s : fioa' Sonoma. , I 9:10 a[ 8:40 a i
5:lOp| 5:00 p! Glen Ellen. | e:C3 p| 6:20 p !
7::0a! 8:0<>a| 1 10:40 a;iO:2«>^ |
:i:::v>p( Sj.TOpI . Sebastcpol. I 7:35p; 6:20 p [
STAGE? connect at Green Brae for San j
Quentin; at Fanta Rtsa for White Sulphur
Spring?; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West I
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey- [
Eervllle for Skacs» Srrinss; at Cloverdale for >
thj Geysers. Booneville and Greenwr.od: at !
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs, j
KelseyvlUe-, Carlsbad Sprinss, Soda. Bay, Lake- 1
port nnd Bartlett cprtnss; ut Ckiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Spring?, L'pper Lake. Pomo,
I'otter Valley. John Day's, Riverside. Llerly's. !
Bucknell'*. Sanbedrln Heishts;- Hullvllle. Orr's
Hot Sprincs, Halfway House, Comptche, XTamp
Stevens. Hopkins, Mendoclno City, Fort. Brass.
AVestport. Usal: at Willits for Fort Brags.
Weitport.- Sherwood. Cahto, Covello, Layton-
vjlle. Cuniralnes. Bell's Springs. Harris. Ol-
nen's, Dyer. Garber\Ule. Perperwood, Scotia
and ¦ Eureka.
Saturday tt> Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
i On Sunday round-trio tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. 630 Market street, Chonlcls
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manacer. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave Tu Sia»Uio ?«rry Arrive "
San Frandsco toot *t iUrist 3t. San Frandsce
Week Sun- • Sun- Week
days xS^S^f^k d.iys Da>-«.
•13:53 1»H:Oi)a 1-J:05p foT?Ol
•»:45p 9:00a Rte^C^Mf l:23p«:5f>p
5:15p 10:00a xf&n^jg^/ S:50p S:ftOp
11:OOa \SS&iy 4:5Op »:sor
. l:45p \&&fir B:5Op
'-'.; '-- -3:15r ¦ >EBr T:SOp - . ; ,
nCUT I 628 Markkt St., (North Shore Railroad)
Of nCO J aad Savsauto Fs&ky, Fool Market St. '
¦R. ATT. WAY TBAYEL. .'^
The North Western-
Union Pacific Excursions
afford unusual orP"rt" n '"' e » ' of - in
economlcilaadsatiifactoiyjournei-to r
I ' • ' ! .,,.;. • -
O !
j Excursions Every Day ;
Personally conducted parties leave
San Francisco every Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday and . Saturday.
Leave Los Angelas one day earlier.
Choice of routes. '
! For full isformatloii a;p!y to or aii:ej»
R. R. RITCHIE, • S. F. BOOTK,
General AjTCTt. Cen'l Ajrnt P«ss'r Dcjit..
Cl>!cazo& North- Western Ry. Union Pacific R. R.
' 617 Market St. No. 1 Monteomerjr Su
| SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. |
« PICTO^^
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
'A rains leave :*»«i ar» d.i« to arrlra mt
>AN FiiANCISCO.
<M»la Line. Foot of MarStet 8 Jeet >
" 7 -CO A VmcnTllle. Winter*, llunuey 7^5*
7 0J* Bortetm SuSsua. Elmir»»na Sicrv
wentu 7.Z5»
7.30a V»Ilcjf>. Nnpn. Cultstoca. SmnU
lto»«. Martiaez, San Kamon B.Z5»
7J0a Nlles. Ltvermore. Tracy, Laihroj*.
St-jcitoa /.Z»»
800* Sh*«t» Expret»— (Vt» DftTls).
Wl'.itair.* (for Bartletc Springs).
Willow* Ttruto. Had UloX
Port!«n«l. Ttcoina. Seattle 7-55P
8 00* DaTls. Woodland. Knlnhw l*ndlQ5.
MarytvU'.e. OroTllle 7.55*
830a Port Costa. Martinez. Antlocn.
Byron. Tracy. Stockton. New-
man, Los Uanos. M in dot a.
Armona, Ilanfurd. Vtsall*.
Port-rTille 4.25»
8 JO* Port Cj»ta, Martinez. Tracy. Latn-
rop. Mode»to, Merced, Fretna,
Go»aen Junction. Ilanford,
Visalia, Dakenfle'.d 4.53*
I 8-30* Nlles. San Jo»e. Ltvermore. Stock-
ton. (?Milton), lone. SacrMQento,
Placervllle. Marj»Ttile, ch!co, •
Reit BlafT 4.23»
t.30* Oakdale. Chinese. Jnoaesno^n. So-
\ nora. Tuoiumne and Angels 4.ZSP
9 00a Atlantic Express— Ogden«nd East. 11.25*
i 9.30a Richmond, Martlnex and Way
Station* B.65P
TOCO* The Overland Limited — Ugdea,
" Den\er. Omaba. Chicago. B-ZSr
10.00*. Vallejo
', 10. CO* Lo» Aneele* Passenger — Port
Costa. Martinez. Dyron. Tracy.
I,.ithrop. Stockton. Merced.
Kaymoud. Fresno, Goshen Junc-
tion, Hanford. Lemoore, Vlsalla.
Bakcrsfleld. Los AB?t: (1 « v -^
IS.COv Hajrwanl. Stlenaad Way Stations. .322'
fl.OOr Sarmnieatontver Steamers TM.03*
j.50r Bcnlcia. ATlnters. Sacramento.
XToodland, Knigbts Lnaiilnj.
Marjrsvllle. OroTlUo and way
stations 'SI?*
I SJOr Hayward.Nlles and Way Buttons.. 7-55»
3 30rl*ort Cost*. Martinez, byron.
Tracy. Lathrop, Modesto,
Merced. Fresno and Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Co«a 12-25*
I30r Martinez. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 10.25a
4 COr Martinez. 9aulUnion.ValleJo,Nan%
Call*to«rs. KftQta ICo«* .... 3 25*
4 00f Nlles. Tracv. Stockton. Lodt 4 25i"
• 4 30f Hay ward. Nlles. lrvtngton, S«n 1 > 0.53*
! Jose. Llvermore } I1 1.55*
6 GOp The Owl Limited— Xe«o>n. Los
Bano». Mead«:a.Frejnu. Tulars,
UnkersneM. Loa Angeles 8.53a
6X0r Port Costa. Tracy. btocUtf>n 12-25*
t5 30r Hay ward, Nt!es and San .lose 7.254
i 6.00r II ay ward. Nile* and Son .lose 9.i5*
6MUr Eastern Express— OpCen. I>enTer.
Omaba. St. Louis. Cttlcago and
East. Port Costa, Benlcla. Sut
•nn. Elmir*. Davis, SacramentOi
Rocklln. Auburn. Colfat.
Tmckee. Coca. Heno, Wad>
worth. Wlnnemucca 5 Zl*
I §.80p Vallejo, daily, except Sunday > 7 KS»
7 00* VaKejo, Sunday only f •¦»*'
7 C0f ktrhmond. San rublo. Port Cost*.
Martinez nnd Way Stations 1125*
8-S6f Oregon & California Express— Sac-
I . ramrnto, MarysTille. Hedding.
: Portland. Puget Soaod nnd East. 3 55*
8.10> naywarii. Nlles aud Saa Jose (Sua-
I dayoniy) ...J 11554
! COAST LINE Oarrow Uaafe).
i (toot of Market Screet.)
8.15a Newark. CentervUle. San Jose,
Felton. Bmtluer Creek, Saata
Cm* aad Way Stations 5-55*
tl.iCr Newark, Centerrtlle, San Jose,
»-.t Alranden. Lo« Gato«.7e:toa,
Boulder Crnek. Sacia Cruz aad
Principal Way Stations t10 S3*
4-16f ITewark. San Jose, Los Uatos anil i ?8-55 4,
way station* 1:1055*
«9 30f Ounters Train. Saturday only. San
Jose and Way Stations. Eetnra-
Ibjt from Ln» Gatos Sanrtay only. J7 25*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
FromSAN Mt AN CISCO, i'oo* of Market St. (Sllnn
— tt:lS »:0O U:0Oa.M. 1C0 3 00 G.15P.K.
; rrom OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — +«:IW 8:09
: 19:(» 10:00 a.m. 12 00 2 00 4C0 F.M.
COAST LINE (Uroad umutcU
t&~ (Flilrd and Townsend Streets.) _^^_^
| 6-10* Saa Jose and Way Station* B.30V
700* Stn Jose aad Way Station* 538r
; 800a New Almaden (Tucs.. Frld.. only), 4»10»
• 00* CoastLlne Limited— StopsonlySan
Jose. Gllroy (connection for IIoV
: I'ster). Pajaro. Castrovllle. Sa-
Itnao. San Ardo. Paso Roblea.
! BantaMargarUa,SanLa[sObl*p<x
Principal 5tailons tbence Surf
(connection for Lompoc) prtacl*
pal stations thence Santa Bar-
bara and Los Angeles. Coano
tton at Castrovi'.ie to aad froa
\ Monterey and Paciac Grove- 1&4BF
•.Ma San Jose. Tres Pinos. Capltola,
1 8antaCruz.PaciacGrove,Saltnaa.
San Luis UbUpo and Principal
' Way Stations 4.10* 1
1 10.30a San Jose and Way Stations 1-20*
¦ 11-30* Santa Clara, Saa Jose. Los Gatos
aad Way Station* 7.30
UOr San Jose and Way Statloas 8-3IU
I iJiOr Pac!flc Grove Kxpress— SantaClara
: San Jose, Del Monte. Monterey.
i PaclQc Grove (connect* at Santa
i Clara lor ?nnta Cruz. Boulder
1 Crerk and Narrow Gauge Points)
at Gtlroy fur Hoiilster, Tres
Plnos. at Castroville for Saltaas. 12.1S»
3-30* Tre» Pino* Way Passeayer 510 43a
14 4&f san Jose, (via Sunta Clara) Loa
' Gatos, and Principal Way Sta-
tions (except Sunday) t9-12* ,'
i6-?Cr SanJoseandPrlnclpalWayStatlons *30i» i
6-LOp Sunset Limited.— Redword. San ""*
.„• • 'U.. Jose, Gllroy.Sfallnas, Paso Kobles,
San Lu'.s ublspo, Santa Barbara,
Loa Angeles, l)emta?. Kl Paso,
l.'ew Orleans, Jfew Vorlc. Con-
nects at Pujaro for Stwsta Crai
and at Ca»rrovt:iB for Pacific
Groveand Way Station* 7.18*
I t«.16P SanMateo.Beresford.Belmoni.San
Carlos. Redwood. Tair Oaka.
Memo Part. Palo Alto «6 43*
I .t-vl 1 * s "oJ»»« »n<i Way Station*. 6.-53*
I 11 .30p South San Franetspo. MUIorae. Bur-
Ilncame. San Matec, Belmon^
. • -..' '• fc«n Carlos. Kedwood. Fair Oat*.
> ilenlo Park, and Pnio Alto 94S»
! a11.33r Mayfield, Mountain Vlsw. Sanny-
Ta!e. Lawrence. Santa Clara and
I San Joae t9-4SP
I A for Mormne. ¥ for Alternooo
; i Sunday only. ¦¦*••,-,* f ,\
¦- Etops at all stations on Ssnday.
•* Monday ejecpted. a Saturday only.
IVOnly trains mopplns at Valencia St. sontnb<w»4
i ireb:i.3i.M. 1 ;:O 1 *.M., ll:S0*Ji..S:30p.]i.aad «:SOr.Jb
ROSS VALLEY,
g|f§|p££ MILL VALLEY,
i^^M^§ CAZADERO, Etc.
Suburban Se^ice. Standard Gauge Electric—
Dev>trt irom San 8:00.
»:to, 10:10. ll:0t> a. m.. i-:-i>. 1:1j. *:lo, 1:13,
515 b-15 iUO. S:45. 10:Ct>. 11:43 p. m.
FROM S\N RAFAEL. TO SAX FRANCISCO
m., 12:20. 1:43, 2:53. -:45. 4:45. 5:43. 0:43.
8 FROM ""MILL? 1 * VALLEY TO SAN FRAJt.
CISCO — Daily — 3:45. «:55. 7:52. S:35, 0:33.
11:2U a. m.."l2:a5. 2:CO. 3:15. 4:C3. 3:05. C:03i
7C3. 0:C0. 10:.:."> p. m. ~-*i
• VA "• THUOUOH TRAINS.
8:0rt a. m. dally— Cazadero and way stations.
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted>—
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tion*.
Sundays only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyes *rx*
•way statlora.
TICKET OFFICE— «26 Market st.
"RRV- Cnloq D*not,'taot at iUriet ft. '
HHHBHHIIHHBhhH
ADVEBTISEliZENTS.
Days
CHILDREN'S
HOSPITAL
December 22,
23 and 24
===== Qj£j f .
Sutler StreetLOCAL MARKETS.
Weather Report.
U20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN PliA-N CISCO, Dec. 18, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
geagon and rainfall la last twenty-four houre:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka ti.10 io.«."2 lit. 00
Red Bluff 0.58 11.57 12. 02
Sacramento 0.01 4.4.'{ 5.:jo
San Francisco O.:>6 5.1X5 5.13
Fresno 0.00 0.8S 3.13
Independence O.OU 0.83 0.83
San Lul« Obispo O.00 O.82 4.93
Los Angeles O.<K> 0.43 4.97
San Diego p.w o.40 6.06
THE COAST RECORD.
* ~* = 2 2 5 si
I ?i SE 5-f t
I I§ II a* fo «"
STATI0X9. ;.Jgrj3;iff.g* I
i I § i i I
Baker 30.14 2G 20 S Foggy .16
Carson 3l».0% 40 30 SW Cloudy T.
);ur. ka SO. OS M J£ S\V Cloudy .10
Karallen 30.07 54 57 S Rain .01
F^rfsno 30.14 Z2 3s' B Clear .00
FlapstaJt 2S.H2 4<» :io SW Cloudy T.
Pocatello ....30.08 32 30 SW Pt.Cidy T.
Point R*«.ve*. ..SO.orj Z'i 46 S Rain .13
Independence 30. OO SO 30 S Clear .00
Ix>s Angeles.. 30.00 «4 40 SW Clear .fH)
Mt Tamalpais.no. U 45 39 S Rain .23
Phoenix 29.JM5 R4 38 W Clear .00
Portland 2S*.9O 40 40 XD Cloudy .01
Re.l E!uff 30.16 4S 44 SE Rain" .58
Roseburg 30.00 4S SS SW Cloudy .04
Sacramento -.30.14 M 42 SE Cloudy .01
.Salt Lake 30. OC 34 24 N Clear .22
Pan Francisoo.30.I4 52 4S SE Rain ..*!<>
S. Li. Obieiio. .30.16 0O 4*J W rnear .Ort
San Diego 30.00 «2 5O W Clear .02
Seattle 2».94 4« 34 NE Cloudy .04
Spokane ...1.30.12 32 30 NE Cloudy .01
Tatoosh 2J».S4 44 40 E Cloudy .14
Vallg Walla. .30. 12 34 2$ S Focgy .00
Winnemucca .TiO.OS 3R 21 SW Cloudy .O4
Yuna 20. JK C8 30 W Clear .00
"WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The prf-Ejure has risen over nearly all of the
VCcteni iHjrtion of the country. A small dis
turbcr.co appears to l>e epproaching the coast
ot Washington. Rain hag fallen in moderate
amount! from San Francisco to Roseburg. and
th»re has been light «iiow in the mountains.
Xo rain fcaa fallt-n in the i>outh*-m end of th?
Sir. Joa<juin Valley nor in SouthTn California.
Sc4nh»ast nnnn warnings are displayed from
.San .TTani'isco to Eureka.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
ho'jrs ending midnight. December 19:
Northern California — Cloudy. unsettled
w>uih«r Saturday, with showers; brisk to high
southerly winds.
Southern f>iliforr.ia — Cloudy Saturday; light
earteriy. chanpir.g to westerly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Saturday.
Fan Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy, unsettlpd
•reitbct* Saturday, with phower*; brisk to high
southeast wind*.
A. O. McADIE, District Forecaster.
EASTERN MARKETS'.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. DECEMBER 18.
Flour, qr sks ..14,825 Screenings, sks. 7 200
Continued on Page Fifteen.
'•; There was no further decline In Butter and
several houses reported "rather more move
ment, owing .to the lower prices.- Stocks,, how
ever are still heavy, with half a doien houses
carrying stocks that ought to be distributed
among threw times this number. Such ' houses
are demoralized and make. concessions to, work
off the goods.: Everybody, s, retailer as well -as
wholesaler, is trying to get out of cold storage
goods ' ; supplies of which are excessive, but It
will take several i weeks of • heavy : selling yet
to get them down to a point where they will
not- hang ; like a < cloud over the market. - •
* Stocks of _Cheese i continue '.very :. large, with
an Inactive "and unsatisfactory, market. -
For ranch Eggs 40c \ was ; the - ruling figure, :
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, Dec. 18. — There was unusual In
terest In the wheat pit to-day and a very strong
market. A number of factors entered Into the
situation of a nature to create anxiety in the
minds of shorts, and the buying from this
source was of a good . character. A marked
. reduction In the number of cars received at
Minneapolis and Duluth, steady cables and un
favorable weather conditions in Argentina
were early influences that tended to create a
bullish sentiment among traders, i The opening
on May was a shade to %@%c higher at 81 %c
to 81«i@Sl%e, and from the time the first sale
was made until the final tap of. the bell prices
showed constant tendency to- advance. A
cablegram from Argentina- to a local -firm
stated that there had been frosts In the southern
portion and damage to wheat was estimated
at 25 uer cent. A little later in the session a
rumor was circulated on the floor that Japan
had declared war uuon Russia, and, although
this report was denied, a big decline in con
sols and Japanese securities in London wai an
added . Incentive to the crowd and the buying
became general. Advices from the Southwest
to the effect that many complaints were coming
in of insufficient moisture and unfavorable
conditions in the Southwest was taken as' In
dication of a possible shortage next • year.
Closing prices were close to the top, May being
%c higher at 82%@82%c. after selling at 82%c.
Corn had a firm undertone, but the volume
of trading was small. Late !n the day the
market was influenced by the ; heavy = export
tales. There was some selling, but the ma
jority of traders were inclined : to • favor ' the
bull side. May closed %c up to 43%c. . ( '
Shorts were the best buyers of oats and the
•elling was largely by scalpers. * The strength
in wheat was the principal influence. May
opened a shade lower to a shade higher at
' Chicago Grain Market.
' The Poultry market was quite active, , as re
tailers were stocking, up In anticipation of light
receipts' and a. good demand next week, but,
as supplies were plentiful, prices were no
higher. The sixth car of Western for the cur
rent week was on pale, and there were liberal
receipts of domestic stock. Another car of
Western will be marketed to-day. Dressed
Turkeys were offering freely, and good stock
sold readily at 20CJ23c per lb, while poor
stock was practically unsalable at 18@19c. A
car of Western chilled Btock was. received and
feis placed in storage for the Christmas trade.
Several' more cars are expected between now
and Christmas, and prices I are expected to be
lower than they* were at Thanksgiving. Live
Turkeys ruled firm, under limited supplies, j
:,Game was in moderate receipt, and prices
were without quotable change. ?
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. 18@23c per lb;
live Turkeys, 19@21c per lb; Geese, per pair,
$1'75@2; Goslings, $2®2 25: Ducks. $5 50®8 50
per. dozen for old and $0 B0@7 50 for young;;
Hens, $4 CO05 50 for small and '&S7 i"T !ars-e;
young Roosters. $5@<i; old Roosters. $4 !\3tfr> r»0;
Fryers, $4(S4 50; Broilers. $4«ii 50 for large
and $3®3 50 for small: Pigeons. $1®1 25 per
dozen, for old and $202 25 for Squabs. -
GAME— Mallard Ducks. $303 50 per dozen;
Canvasback $3@4; Sprig. $2@2.50;,Teal> $1 50
@1 75; Widgeon, $1 5C@1 75;. small Ducks.
$1 25@1 50; ' Gray Geese. $3 ; White • Geese, $1®
1 50, ¦ Brant. $1 25 for small arid $2 for large;
Honkers ,$5 for large and $4 lor small; Eng
lish Snipe. $3: common Snipe. $1 75; Wild
Doves. $125: Rabbits., S2 for, Cottontails ana
$1 25 for Brush; Hare. $1 25.
Poultry and Game.
- RED AND WHITE .LEAD — Red Lead; 6%©
7c .per lb; White Lead. 6%@7c, according to
quantity. -
SUGAR — The Western Suzar Refining Com
pany quotes a* follow?, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and ._ Fine Crushed. 5.65c;
Powdered. 5.50c; Candy Granulated. 5.50c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.40c: Dry Granulated, coarse,
5.40c; Fruit Granulated.- 5.40c;' Beet Granu
lated OCO-lb-bags only). 5.20c: -Confectioners'
A. 5.40c: Magnolia- A, fie; Extra C. 4.90c;
Golden C.-4.8f»c: "D." 4.70c; barrels, 10c more;
half barrels.\25c more: boxes," 50c more; BO-n>
bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. S.flOc: boxes, 6.15c; H. & E. Crystal
Dcminos. 8.40c tier lb. ; .. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
BAGS — Grain Bags, 5<85%e; San Quenttn.
5.C5c: Wool Bags. 32@35c; Fleece Twine,
7%(g8c. .
COAL — Wellington. $S per ton; New Wel
lington. $8: Seattle, $0 60; Bryant. $6 CO: Bea
ver Hill. $5 SO; Standard. $7; Roslyn. $7:
Coos Bay. $5 60; Creta, $7: Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond, $7 60; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
$14 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; WeBsb Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump,
$11 50: Cannel. $8 50 per .ton; Coke, $11 JJOtfj
13 per ton In bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions, $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$fe 80 per long ton, according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels: for cases,
add 5c Linseed. 43c per gallon for boiled and
43c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases, No.'l. 70c:
Bakers' AA. $1 10W1 12: Lucol. 44c for boiled
and 42c for raw; China Nut. 55<@70c per gallon:
Cocoanut Oil, in barrels. SSc for Ceylon and 58c
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
OH, 80c: natural winter SDerm Oil, 75c; extra
bleached Whale Oil, 65c: natural Whale
Oil, 60c; extra winter Strained Lard Oil. Me:
No. 1 Lard Oil, 75e: pure Neatsfoot OH. 73c;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 65c: light Herring Oil. 45c:
dark Herring Oil." 43c: Salmon Oil. 38c: boiled
Fish Oil. 40c: raw Fish Oil. SSc; boiled Paint
Oil. 35c; raw Paint vOtl. S3e.
COAL OIL-rWater v White Coal Oil In bulk.
15%c; Pearl Oil in cases. 22c; Astral, 22c:
Star. 22c; Extra 8tar, 26c; Elaine. 28c: Eocene.
25c; deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk. 17e;
in cases, 23%c; Benxine. in bulk, 13c; in cases,
19%c; 8ft-degree Gasoline. In bulk. 21c; In
cases. 27 %c. ¦•
TURPENTINE— 80c per gallon In cases and
74c In drums antl iron barrels.
General Merchandise.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
FRIDAY. Dec. IS.— 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask,
4s qr coup ..109*i — \i% qr cp newl33%134»4
4s qr reg ..10O 110 i:js qr coup.. — —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — Do 5s 108 —
Bay CPC 5». — 103 Do con 5s. — 103%
Cal C G 5s. — IOC O W gtd Ca. — 97
! Cal C & E %, Oceanic S 5s — 75
m & ct 5s. — 102% Om Cable 6s.l2O —
I Cal-st 5a . . — — Pac G Im 4s. 95 100
C C Wat 5s. — 100 P E Ry 5s.lCt}*ilO7
Ed L & PCa.120 — PfcCHta. — —
F ft C H 8s. — H7 P & O R es.117%120
i Geary-st 5«.. 45% 90 Powc?U-st 6e.ll3U —
H C&S 5%s.lOJ — is E GAR 5s. — 10»>
1 H C & S k - 102% ! SF & 3JV5s. — 117%
i Hon R T 6s. lOt 106 IS R of C 6».112% —
L A Elec 5s.NH 105'^ts P cf A 6s
I> A Ry 5s. — 113 j O809> 107% —
L A L Co 6s. — — I (1010) 108% — HS
Do gtd 6a. — — S P of C 63
Do gtd 5».ira%lfVt nOOHSr A.102% —
LAP lem 5s. 10O HJ2 <15»C5)Sr B. — 1»>«H
Mkt-st C 6e.llS*i — nn^.fi) 104%lCS
Do lem r>3.112 — (1912) 113 115%
NRR of CGs. — 108 SPC 1 eg 5s. — 117%
Do 5s ....114 — Do stmpd.108%107
N P C R 5s. — 1(!S% S P B R «s. — 132%
NCR 5s... — T1?> S V W «»..10« —
N C P C Ss. — 101 . Do 4s 2dm. 90 —
1 N S R R P». — — Do 4» 3dm. 87% 0«%
O G L H 5s.l07«i — Stkn G*E Bs — 10T>
! O T Co Cs..ll7*i — U G & E 5s. — 105
WATEP. STOCKS.
Contra Costa S5) 41 (Port Costa..— —
Mann Co . . « — I S V W Co. 3S% 3S»4
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3% 4%.S F G & B. 66% t«\
¦ Mutual EL.— 10 ,S F Gas L. . 3V* 55fc
Pac G Im.. 54 54% Stkn G 4 E. 5 —
Pac I. Co... 65V* — U G & E. . — 40
Sac E G&R. — —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATED
E F G & E. ft! 67 I
INSURANCE.
Firem'a Fnd320 — J
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.125 13O L P & A... — 183
Ansrlo'-Cal . . 85 01 Mei* Trust . .230 —
Bank of Cal.444 447 Merch Ex . . — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 152% S F Nation!. — —
First Nationl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
• Ger S & L.2235 — Sav & L So. — 100
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk.40O 500
Mutual Sav.lOO — Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U.ecO —
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 205 J Presidio i... 39% 45
POWDER. t
Giant 63 C4 I Vigortt 3% 4%
SUGAR.
Hani P Co. — 8Oc Kilaaea S C. ; — «
Hawaiian C. 44 46 Makawell C. 22% —
Honokaa S C 12% 13% Onomea S C. — 32
Hutch S P C 9 — Paauhao S C 14 13
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.140% — (Oceanic S Co — 6
Cal F C A. 92 — I Pac Aux FA — • ft%
Cal Wine A. 90 — | Pac G Borx.167 —
Morning Session.
Board —
- 5 Alaska Packers' Assn 141 CO
5 Alaska Packers' Assn. b 3.... 141 CO
20 California Wine Assn 90 50
5 Hutchinson S P Co; cash 9 50
$5,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent.106 87%
S S F G & Electric Co. b 10.... 67 OO
Street —
$10,000 Los Ang Lighting Ctd 5 per ct.10.1 OO
50 Oceanic S S Co '. 5 23
$2,000 S V 4 per cent bonds (34 mort). 98 23
Afternoon Session.
Board —
$20, WO S P C 1st c 5 per cent t9tmpd).10& 87%
20 Spring Valley Water Co 38 50.
10 Spring Valley Water Co 38 37%.
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— Eid. Asked.
Alma • 1 40
Apollo <2
Associated Tru*t Certificates. 19 20
Astec *>
California Standard •••¦ IS
Caribou * "> ?««»
The followirjr quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 8®0c: Cows and Heifers,
7@Se; thin Cows. 4®5c per lb.
CALVES — »04%c per lb (grosa weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%(g4c; Ewes. 3*4@3%c
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS — 4%<B.fc per lb.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 140 to ISO Idi. 5%c; over
180 Ids, 5c: Sows. 20 per cent off; Boars, 50
per cent Jolt, and Stags. 40 per cent off from
above quotations. - :
VEAL— Large. SJ»Oc; small 0«710c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8®S%c; Ewes. 7%@8c
per lb.
UMB- n%<210c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Ho^s. 7<?S|ie rer lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
- All descriptions remdir. as before quoted,
with clenty of live and dressed stock to. go
aro'.'nd. '
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to deal
ers are an follows:
BEEF — 6»~@7*4c for Steers and 5®6c per
lb for Cows. ,
Meat Market.
Exchange and Bullion. ' .
Sterling Exchange Is materially higher and
strong at the advance. Silver Is a fraction
lower. The quotation for Mexican dollars must
be considered nominal, as there is very little
doing In them, and the fluctuations in silver
render them unsettled.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — $4 S2
Sterling Exchange, sljjht — 4 85%
I Sterling Exchange cables — 4 8C%
I New York Exchange, sight — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 07%
Silver, per ounce — ' 50%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 43 -
Wheat and Other Grains.
! WHEAT— The foreign markets continued
about tho same. A cable from Now South
[Wales paid: "The Wheat crop of this the
second largest crop growing colony In 'Aus
tralfa. Is officially estimated at 2S.5(;s,000
buRhels. against 15,275.(*i0 bushels in 1902. and
j a five-year average of l."».2Nl,00O bushels.".
Chicago was 1 cent higher. Wires to Cutter
j & Moseley ascribed the advance to heavy local
I buying on talk of rain damage In the Argen
tine and uneasiness over prevalent war ru
mor3 in connection with Russia and Japan.
Sixty-one loads were taken for export and
Bradstreet'a gave the exports from American
portu during the week. Flour included, at 3,
.'JU3.000 bushels. Minneapolis reported a poor
Flour demand last week, with the result that
f> mills arc not running this week, and others
may shut down. .
There Is nothing new in thlg market but
the trade pay that any pressure to poll would
lower quotations Fomewhat. There U no such
pressure, however.,
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1400142%: California
White Australian, $1 {Ruga 52 >4; -Northern
Club. $1 40#l 41 VI: Northern Bluestem $1 50
@l 61% • Oregon Valley. $1 40.
FUTURES.
Session a to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 34V4 $1.34% $133% $133%
December— $13(514 bid.
2 p. m. Session. ;
May— $1 33%. .
BARLEY— Previous prices rule, with a dull
market. Receipts were, large yesterday, and
most of. them went for delivery on December
contracts.
CASH BARLEY. •
Feed. $1 07%@l 12%; Shipping and Brewing.
$1 15<gl 20; Chevalier. $1 20@l 45 for fair to
choice. ' i
FUTURES.
. Session 9 to. 11:30 a. m. •
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 ni $104 $1 04 $1 Ot
December— $1 11% bid, $1.11% asked. ...
y 2 p. m. , Session. '.-'.
No sales. ¦¦ '
OATS — Offerings are meeting with fair at
tention at previous .quotations. Black" con
tinue especially favored for seed.
White. $1 22%@1 25 for California "and
$1 27%®1 35 for Northern; Black. $1 45@1 65-
Red. $1 2C@1 32% for feed and $1 25@1 35 for
seed: Gray. $1 32%. . >-
CORN — The millers continue In the market,
and are buying fairly. ¦ Quotations remain as
I before. . , *
Western sacked. $1 25 for Yellow, $1 25 for
.White and $1 20@l 22% for Mixed; California
! large Yellow, $1 22%@1 30: small round • do,
$1 40®l 50; White. $1 25@l 30 per ctl.,
RYE — Continues . dull at $1 25@1 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25@2 50 per ctl.
- Flour- and Millstuifs.
FLOUR— Calif ornla Family Extras. $4 60@
4 85. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 60® 4 GO:
Oregon and ..Washington. $3 90®4 20 per bbl
for Family and $3 90@4 40 for Bakers'.' \ •
*¦ MILLSTUFFS7— Prices , In packages . are ¦ as
follows: ¦ Graham- Flour. $3 25- per 100 lb«;
Rye Flour • $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal. $3 25; extra cream do,' '$4; Oat
Groats $4 SO; Hominy. $4@4 25: Buckwheat
Flour. $4 5004 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats bbl», $7 25@S 60; in sacks. $6 75jg& 10;
Pearl Barley. $8; Split Peas. - boxes. $7: Green
Peas. $5 60 per 100 lbs. ;L
Hay and Feedstuff s.
1 The rain is checking Hay sales as , usual ¦
and the market Is accordingly quiet and un-"
changed. - There is - nothing new in Feed-
BRAN— $19 50@20 B0 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $20 50028 50 per,, ton. *
BHORTS— $19 50@20 50 per ; ton.'" *'
FBEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, - $23@24 per
ton: Oil Cake- Meal at the mill. $27i?I2S 50;
Jobbing. $20@30; Cocoanut Cake. $21022; -Corn
¦ ¦ _ ¦ ' % ¦ ' ' • -. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦..¦¦" -¦>'
¦ Green Peas from Lps Angeles were quoted
lower, but all other descriptions from that sec
tion continued' to bring high prices. Peas ar
rived freely and the receipts included much
oft stock, hence the lower rates. Green Peppers
continued to drag, as the demand was limited,
nnd supplies were too heavy for the market to
absorb at the prevailing high prices. A few
scattering lots of bay Tomatoes were received
and sold slowly, the Los Angeles being pre
ferred. The other vegetables were In ample
supply and unchanged. • . •
POTATOES — Burbanka from the river, 60@
SOc r*r ctl: Salinas Burbanks. $1@1 45 per
ctl: Oregon Burbanks, 83c@$l lit per ctl; River
Reds. CW?H5c per ctl: Garnet Chiles, 00c@?l
per ctl ; Sweet Potatoes, $1 . 20 per ctl.
ONIONS— $1(51 25 ncr ctl.
. VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 4!fiGc per lb;
String Beans. 7@10c per lb; Wax. 9010c; To
matoes. 50@75c per box for bay and $1 "Mil 75
per crate for . Los Angeles; Summer Squash 4
from Los' Anceles. $1(B1 2ft per box; Cab
bage. 60c per ctl; Carrots. 50c per sack;
Cucumbers. ptr box; Garlic ti@7c per lb-
Ess Plant. e@8c per lb: Dried Peppers. 5@8e
per lb fop'Stockton and ll®12%c for southern;
Dried Okra. 12VjC per lb: Green Peppers. «J@8c
per lb; Mushrooms, 20@2.*»c per 1b; Marrowfat
and Hubbard Squash. $10@12 per ton for round
lots and %@lc per lb for sacked.
AH kinds of Bnrbar.k Potatoes were In free
supply and fancy .stock alone showed any
eteadiness. Choice lots of Oregons, ex
steamer, brought a slight advance, but most
of the offerings were of ordinary quality and
dragged at unsteady rates. River Hurhanks
were firmly held, but were quiet and will un
doubtedly continue so until after the turn of
the year. A carload of Sweet Potatoes was
marketed, and cleaned up quickly at a firmer
figure. Tfce Onion market was (inn, under
scant supplies, and the best stock was held at
an advance. ;¦ - -
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Btock— - Sale*. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 24,300 C7% C6% ei%
Atchisoo pfd 1.500 02^ Ul% fl2
Bait *: Ohio 7.700 79 78 78«i
Bait & Ohio pfd 8S
Canadian Pacific.. 400 118% 11SH Ms%
Central of N 3 100 15C>4 150»4 156
Ch^s & OWo 1,500 23% 32% 33^
Chicago & Alton.. 400 35% 35 SSU
chgo & Alt cfd... 100 <»i'i eo\i m
Chicago & O W... . «00 1S94 15% 15%
C & Q W. B pfd.. l,lO0 27^4 27^ 27%
Chgo * Korwestn.. 200 161% 104 164%
Chgo Term & Trn 8>j
Chgo T & T pfd... 200 17»i 17% 17%
C C C & St Louis. 200 77 76 77
Colo Southern 200 U% 14% 14
Colo So 1st pfd 100 G3 r»'{ S3
Colo 80 2d pfd 100 22T4 22% 22%
:><-).<£ Hudson 1.000 160% l.Vj 160%
Del, Lack &> West. 1.100 250 247 250
Denver & Rio Gr.. 100 21% 21% 21%
Den & Hlo Gr pfd. 300 73% 72% 72%
Erie / 21,900 29% 23 29%
VErie J*t pfd l.eOO €S% €7%, 6S%
FTZrit! 24 pfd 1.700 60% 49% .60
Great Nor Dfd 160
Hocking Valley _ 74
HockJng Val pfd ." 83
Illinois Central.... 700 129% 129% 129%
Iowa Central 100 21 21 ' 20%
Jowa Central pfd 88
Kar.* City Southrn 18%
Kans City Bo pfd.. 34
Lvulsvl A Nashvl. 900 100% 1^0 106% ,
«xports of grain have fallen nearly 1,250,000
bushels below those of last week, most cf
the d«*crease showing In wheat, while the
value of Imported drygoods rlites more than
S8O0.0TXJ over tfcoee of last week.
Bonds were lrrejrular. Total sales, par
value, $1,875,000. United States bonds were
all unchanged on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
NEW YORK. Dec. , 18.— The inertia of to
d&y's etock market was slightly overcome in
the last hour of the trading. In sympathy with
the 6trong upward movement in United States
Eteel preferred, following the formal announce
ment that the ft»el billet pool had determined
upon a maintenance of urese.m prices. Much
of the ¦:•¦•¦;;¦; of unstable conditions in the Bled
market and of disruDtlng tltenutes amonjr the
iT3dnl.M?rs of £h£ jK"»ois c^tit^r^d in tiie toillet
trade and the definite settlement of the ques
tion had an immediate choiring effect on ail
connected with the iron ' and steel trades.
United States Steel preferred was taken in
enormous blocks at an advance of 2 1 * over
last nUrht. The effect upon the general mar
ket, howevr. was scarcely more than to over
come the heavy and dracging ton<» which had
held price* back all day. Th«> recovery was
as much lacking in animation as had been
the decline. Pennsylvania showed the most
marked symnathy with the rise in United
Etate* Steel preferred and gained over a puint.
A» this Ftock hax ixnn very heavily gold on the
ground that the dfpref isi.~.n in Ft<-el must affect
lt» tonna«re to a laree extent and rarningF to
a larerr «i;t<>nt than any other railroad sys
tem, ite np!"r«mw> to the rif>e in United States
Ft««J t*r'ferre«i wa» natural. The deallncs In
the latter stock comt'Ietely overshadowed the
whole market In point of volume.
Amalgamated Copper continued active, but
•was clupglsh. and the London market for raw
orr*r rtacted. There was a conspicuous*
•elling movement In Rock Island. That jrtocV
fell over a oolnt. St. Louis and Fan Fran
ol*co second preferred 3*i ».nd the Rock
Island 5 per c«»nt bonds a large fraction.
Rumors of a coming bond Iwue were the cause
of this weakness. The $iu.000,000 Atchii>on
bond Issue was the subject of ccntinued dis
cuBKion and the causo of heaviness in Atchl
•fla ami cf Mine other stocks In which bond
tacurs had been feared but denied.
The revival of appr*-hensrk>n over the Russo-
Jajianpse dlsrnite affected the market by re
flection from London. The lrresponMven»ps cf
the market to th» consistrnt flrmnfTPi" of United
etatea BtMl preferred was the more notable in
%iew of the overwhelming preponderance of
Its vohsm« of business, amounting to a third
of the whole. The usual forcast* of the bank
etatement indicate a gain in cash on the
regular *-xrK->n movement of between $rj.u00.000
•Jid $4,000,000, while Sub-Treasury operations.
Including rayments of foreign gold, have
yielded to the bank« $3.041, 0<A).. ThU did not
allow for yesterday's receipt* of foreign gold,
which amounted to nearly $2.r-00.000. The
call money rate was correspondingly ea»y.
With thene conditions existing on the verge of
the law. m-eck of the year. It in not (surpris
ing that sterling exchane* should continue to
riee strongly away from the gold import pojnt.
Cotton bills have crown comparatively
ecarce ahso In the exchange market, and It
Is not without significance that the week'*
Nezv York Stock Market.
Dry weather down south keeps Limas firm,
though no advance i3 reported. A soaking ra!n
would probably • ease the feeling. The olher
kinds continue quiet and unchanged.
BEANS— Ba yos, $2 30<ff2 40; Pea, $3; But
ters, $:i 25: small White $2"S50a: large
White. $2 40(J?2 fiO; Pink. $2 C5@2 75: Red,
$.1 50: Lima. $3«3 10; Red Kidneys, $4@4 25:
Blaekeye. $2@2 15 per ctl; Horse Beans, $1 50
<T2.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3: Yellow Mus
tard. $2 65@2 S5; Flax. $1 8C@1 00: Canary,
C®5Hc for Eastern: Alfalfa. ll@14c; Rape.
iy.iS2c; Timothy C@6%c; Hemp. 3%®3VjC
per lb;. Millet. I!@3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $20
623 per ton. . ¦ .
DRIED PEAS— Green. $1 S0@2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
Reports from the country, both In Cali
fornia and up north, give the Hop market as
fairly active and well held on the . part of
growers. Prices show no further change.
Hides are quoted flat and featureless, with
both consumptive and speculative business at
a standstill.
HIDES AND SKINS — Cutlg and brands sell
about l%c under Quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 0c; medium. Se: light. 7%c; Cow Hides.
7&c for heavy and 7%e for light; Stass. 5c;
Salted Kip. »c: Salted Veal. 10c: Salted Calf.
IOVjc; dry Hides, 13c: dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf. ISc; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25@30c each;
short Wool. 40iff00c each: medium. 70@!K)c;
long Wool. ?1«1 W>: Horse Hides. salt.
*2 75 for large and S2<32 50 for medium, *l 23
<S1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large and $1 50. for me
dium, SlffH 25 for small and uOc for Colts.
Bue,k Skins— Dry Mexican. 31c: dry salted
Mexican. 25c: dry Central American. 31e. Goat
Skins— Prime Angoras. 75c: large and smooth.
60c: medium, 35c; small. We.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. i%c per lb;
No. 2. 4c; trr*as*>. 2^®.Tc.
WOOL — Fal! oilp —^San .Tnaqnln Lambs*. 09
lie: Middle County. HJJ12c: Northern Fr*e.
ll!S12c: Northern Defective. lfMIlle: Humbnldt
and Mendocincv. 12tfitl4c; Nevada. 13315c: Ore
gon fine, lSffTIOc; Ore?on medium. ¦ 17c per lb.
HOPS— 19@22c per lb for California.
Hides, Tatttnl'i Wool and Hops.
Northern \Vhcat Market.
. - OREGON.
PORTLAND. IVc. IS.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 71^72c; bluestem, ;77c; valley, 78c. ¦
WASHINGTON. *
TACOMA- Dec. 18. — AVheat— Blue stem 79c;
Club. 74c. - - . '¦¦;-..
SEATTLE. Dec. IS. — Clearings, $G20*,300; bal
ances, .? 11)4. 271.
TACOMA, Dec. IS.— Clearings, $400,010; bal
ances, $48,088.' \ ¦
PORTLAND, Dec. IS.— Clearings, 5SS.501;
balances, $80,891. „
SPOKANE. Dec. 18.— Clearings, . ?335,602;
balances. $72,472.
Northern Business.
Chicago reported- a strong market, with
stocks not large, and moderate receipts of Hogs.
There was nothing new here.
CURED UEATS-BacOn, ll^ac per lb for
heavy, 12c for light medium, 14c for. light,
14^*c for extra light. 18c for sugar-cured and
20c for extra sugar-cured: Eastern migar
eured Hams. 14c: California Hams. 1W9
13tic; Mess Beef. $11 50 per bbl: extra Mess,
$12«m 50; Family. ?13; prime Mess Pork, $17;
extra clear. $24; Mes>*. $19; Dry Salted Pork,
12c: Pig Pork. $28; Pigs' Feet. $5 23; Smoked
Beef. 15c per lb.
LAItD — Tierces ; quoted at "He per lb for
compound and 9c for pure: half-barrels, pure,
» l ic; 10-lb tins, 0%e; 6-lb tins. 9%c; 3-lb tins,
lCc.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 8%c: three
half barrels. H%c; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces.
SK-c: five tierces. S%c per lb.
Provisions.
There was not much variation in local securi
ties' Alaska Packers showed some recovery at
$141 and Spring Valley Water was lower at
$GS 12^-338 371-i.
'The United Railroads Investment Company of
San Francisco has declared a dividend of IVi
per cent on the preferred stock, payable Janu
ary 2.
The Homestake Mining Company of South
Dakota has declared a regular monthiy divi
dend of 25 cents per share, payable Decem
ber 2fi.
F. L. Turpin, who recently resigned aa vlc»
president of the Columbian Banking Company,
has been elected vice president of the Commer
cial Bank and Trust Company.
At the annual meeting of th«» Onomea Sugar
Company in Honolulu the old directors were re
elected as follows: P. C. Jones, president; C. M.
Cooke. first vice president; O. M. Ves
per, second vice president; George II. Rob
ertson, treasurer; A. P. Welch, assist
ant treasurer; E. F. Bishop, secretary; T. R.
Robinson, auditor; George R. Carter, Edward
Pollltx, directors. The manager's report shows
that, owing to th» improvements made In tb«
mill, the average dally output has increased
from 7«.1,2?CJ tons to 91.584 tens, making a gain
of about 17 ton." per day, with no additional la
bor in mill or boiling hcuse. The manager of
the company also states: "The 1003 crop Js the
largest ever taken off the estate, viz: 1", 47a
tons of sugar, which was taken off, la exactly
the same number of days required to take oft
11.88O tens last year. The total earnings for
the twelve months ended September 3O 1!WEJ.
amounted to $.S37,833 &4. total expenses $549.
787 13. leaving net profits of $2SS.0t» 51 for th»
year. The balance at credit profit and loss ac
count September 30, 1903, was $368,370 84."
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 18.— Wool, dull, un
changed. Medium grades, combing and cloth
ing l7<g-2U$c; light nne, I5@17»^c; heavy fine,
12C<UViic; tub washed, 20@31c.
St. Louis Wool Market.
STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Dec. IS. — The cotton market
closed strong, net 10 to 31 points higher, with
salts estimated at 1,300,000 bales.
Nczv York Cotton Market.
Wheat ctls fl.OOOCornmeal, East,
barley, ctls .... 24,378; sacks BCO
Oats, ctls 1,743: Paper reams .. 73'>
Beans, sks 1,405' Pelts, No. 1«3
Potatoes sks... 4,5SOi Hides. No 43S
Onions sks 100; Tallow, ctls ... 3
Bran sks »W) Lime. bbU 40,h
"Middlings, sks.. 7S:; Leather, rolls .. 75
Hay tons 472 Wine gals .... 71. MO
Hops bales 207i Sugar, ctls .... 1.07O
Wool, bales .;.. 6i Brandy, gals .. 1,100
Feed, sks 1131
. OREGON. *
Flour, or sks .. 7.2541 Bran, sks 300
Potatoes, sks... 5.8141
CHICAGO, Dec. 18. — CATTLE: — Receipts,
4C00; steady; good to prime steers, ?4 ao@5 75;
poor to medium. $3(gl 50; stockers ahd feederh!
fl 75@3 W; cows. $1 25©<{ 00; heifers, $1 754(1
4 25; canners. $1 23@2 30; bulls. - $1 75@4 15;
calves, ?2(g2 75.
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 31, COO; to-morrow,
20,000; 10c lower; mixed and butchers', $4 33@
4 55; good to choice heavy. $4 40@4 50; rough
heavy. $4 20t|l - % >o; light, $4 15Q1 45; bulk of
sales, $4 35«34 45.
SHEEP — Receipts, 80CO; sheep and lambs,
steady; good to choice wether?, $3 50®4: fair
to choice mixed.. $2 75Q3 50; Western shsep,
?2 75®4; native lambs, f4@tt; Western lambs,
$4«?5 50. ¦
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
FRUIT — Apricots, ' 7<qQc . for Royals and 9©
lie for Moorparks; Evaporated-' Apples. 4@3^jc;
sun-dried. 3>4@4c; Peaches, 4%@6%c; Pears,
6@10c: Nectarines, 4#5Hc; Figs, white. 4@4%c
In boxes; black, 4>4c; Plums, pitted. 6®9c per
pound.
PRUNES— 1003 crop. 2U@2*ic for the four
sizes.
RAISINS — F. o. h. prices. Fresno, for 1905
crop: 5O-lb boxes — Loose Muscatel. 2-crown,
BHc per lb: 3-crown, 3%c; 4-crown. «>^c; Seed
less Muscatels, 4&c; do. floated. 4>4c; un
bleached Sultanas. 4%c: Thompson's Seedless,
B^c. London Layers — 2-crown. $t 23; 3-crown,
$1 35; 4-crown clusters. $2; 5-crown Deheaas.
$2 50; 6-crown Imperlaln. $3; Malaga Loose. 2
crown. 5c per lb: do 3-crown. 6*4c; Valencia
Cured. 4Vic;- Pacific, do. 3%c; Oriental, do.
2-7ic Seeded Raiplns — 16-oz packages, fancy.
Re per lb: choice, 7%c; 12-oz packages, fancy.
0%c; choice, 6%c; in bulk fancy, 7%c; choice,
7%c.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 13>4«14c:
No. 2, 11U©12c- No. I hardshell, 13S13'.'.c;
No. 2. lljjll^c; Almonds, lie for Nonpareil.".
1014c for I X L, lO^c for Ne Plus Ultra and
8?ic for Languedoc: Peanuts. &f?7c for East
ern; Pecans. »ll@i:?c: Cocoanuts, $4 50S5;
Chestnuts. S^lOc per lb.
HONEY— Comb. 10jH2%c for white and 8%
<S9>4c for amber; water white extracted. 5®
SHc: light camber extracted. 4^^5c; dark,
2'4©4c. •
BEESWAX— 27©29c per lb. .
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
Opening 28 35 - 28 10
Closing ; 28 45 2S 15
• Wheat — Dec' March. May
Opening .0 4% 6 3V,
Closing ti. 414 ti 3%
PARIS.
Wheat — t Dec. Mar.-June.
Opening 20 60 20 00
Closing 20 CO 20' 05
. Flour — '
Foreign Futures.
Manhattan Elev... 2.400 141 ?i 140»i 141%
Metropoltn St Ry. 900 122 121 121 H
Minn & St Louis 60
Missouri Pacific:.. 4,100 i)3«i V2% 93H
Mo, Kans & Tex... 8cO 17% 17H 17%
, Mo, Kans &Tpfd. 1.100 Si) 88^4 3S^4
t Nat R R Mex pfd 37
. N Y Central RO0 11S4 118 118'4
. Norfolk & AVe«tn.. 500 57 'i 57 07%
Nor & West pfd * 85
Ontario & Westrn. 1,800 21^4 21'4 21%
Pennsylvania ..... 44.100 117^ 110% 117a*
P C C & St Louis 00
Reading 9.200 44'i 43^ 44%
Reading 1st pfd 7« ~M
I Reading 2d pfd 5S^
Rock Island Co 9,300 25'i 23"s 24»4
Rook Island pfd... 1.000 «1»4 --COis 61
fit L & S F 1st pfd 60
St L & S F 2d pfd. l.:«X) 44 41 42
• St Louis SowiPtn.. 100 13 13 13
St L Howestn pfd.. 200 32% 32*4 32^i
¦ St Paul 6,800 142% 141^» 142'i,
' St Paul pfd 200 172 172 172
Southern Pacific... 1O.40O 4S34 47'i 4S
• Southern Railway. l,.'ilM> 20*i 2O>i 20^i
• Southern Ry pfd.. 100 77% 77.% 77%
Texas & Pacific 500 24»i 24% 24*4
' Tol, St L & Wt-st. 200 22' 22 22
Tol, St L & W pfd 33H
I'nion Pacific 14,700 78>i 77% 78%
Union Pacific pfd.. 1,200 SS 87% 8S
• Wabash 200 20 2O l\i%
J Wabash pfd 1,000 3G?i 36% 30%
• Wheel & L Erie lbfi
' Wisconsin Central. aC> 17 L 4 16% 17>i
1 Wisconsin On pfd ... e .... 3S
Express companies —
. Adams 221
; American 1S.T
• United States 101
J Wells-F&rpo 202
' Misce;iant*ous —
• Amalgam Copper . 4i»..ViO 481.4 47% 48
' Am Car & Found.. 7<><) 1!»% ls4i 19U
i, Am Car & F pfd. .. 200 (57 67 67^4
• Am Linseed Oii 9
• Am L'.n Oil pfd 29 •
\ Am Locomotive ... 3,000 1<; 15>4 15%
t Am I>xo pfd l,50»» 77'a 7ii-\ 7(j'jh
J Am Smeltins & fief 000 43 '^ 4S% 4S%
, Am Smelt & R pfd. 000 S»2V> 02 91*4
" Am Sugar Refining 6.1*00 l^J^i 122'a V2'i%
. Anaconda Min Co 75
} Brooklyn Bap Trn. 16.C00 50*4 V-i% CO',4
v Co'.o F^el & Iron . . . 500 27 '* 20 U 27^
, Colum & Hock Coal 4(K» 13«4 12»-4 13\4
J Consolidated Gas.. 4,800 1SS% \m* 2 187"«i
General EWtric .. 1(W 1«4 KU KB!
, Internat Paper 10%
Internal Paper pfd <V2
, Internat Pump . . . 100 20 2!» 2:t
. Internet Tump pfd 72
[ National Biscuit 1 _ 3(i^i '
. I National Lead ...'. 100 158; i.-j*J 151*
[ North American .. 100 74 74 75 "
Pacific Mail V<O 25 2.1 24H
. People's Gas 2.500 !)S '.'Gai O"Vi
Pressed St«?el Car.. 400 2»V1 2!» 27
Pressed S Car pfd. 100 67 «7 67
Pullman Pal Car ..'. 215
Republic Steel 4.4f>0 t',% C% av t
Republic Steel pfd. 400 30*4 381A 3J>>4
Rubber Goods 1.200 17^ 10V A 1C%
Rubber Goo<i8 pfd : . ' 71%
Tenri Coa4 & Iron.. 1.4OO 34 33 :t:l%
V S Leather 7>4
U S Leather pfd 7«i»i
IT S Rubber 10
V S Rubber Dfd: ....* 33^
U S Steel 7.000 10* 10% 10*A
U S Steel pfd 151,O0<> 5»! 04 55"/,
Western Union ... SCO SOU 80 S5%
Northern Securities S9%
Total F-a'.es ...40O.S0O
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Dec. IS.— Bond transactions
of United Railroads of San Francisco were
tlg.000 at $75 .%(• and $10,000 at $75 37ii.
NEW YORK BONDS. ¦»>
U S ref 2s res - .10o!.-i : LoUla & N uni 4s. 100
t)o coup 10*5 iManhattan c g 4».101'4
Do 3s reg lOTUlUex Cent 4s ... 70-'!i
Do coup 107H] Do 1st inc 14^4
Do new 4s reg.l.fSVj' Minn & St L 4s. 07
Do coup L33J4 Mo Kan & T 4s. 90^
Do old 4s rrg.lC9 Do 2ds 78
Do %oup 110 N R R of M c 4s 7r»>£
Do 5r reg 101% ' N* Y Cent K 3^8.100
Do coup lC'llijN' J Cent s 5s.... 130
Atch gen 4s 89% Nor Pac 4s 1023a
Do a<3Jt 4r- 87 I Do 3s 7(3%
Atlantic C L ... «3V4|Nor fz W c 4?... OC.%
Ralto & O 4s.... 100% o S L 4s & Par. 92
Do 2»is f>5 Penn conv 314s... 05
Cent of Ga 5*.. ..104 Reading Gen 4s.. 0(5%
Do l»t inc GH S L & I M c 5s. 111%
Ches & O *UjV..UeV* « I, & S F fe 4«. 84
f:hi & Alton a'is. 74 St L S W lsts. 92'4
C B & Q n 4s.. 92V6 Seaboard A L 4». 72»/.
C M & S P b 4s.llfl Kcuthern Pac 4s. S7«
Chi & N W c 7*.i:i0% Do 5s ........114
C R I & P R R 4s 03»^ Tex & Pac l£t*..114Va
Do col 5? 74 | Tol St L & AV 4s. 70
rcCiSIisto 95V4 Union Pac 4s . . 102>$
Term 4s ... 76 Do conr 4s ... !)5'4
Con Tob 4s M% U S Steel 2d 5s. 70 '
Colo & So 4p S3 f\Vaba.«h lstg ll.i^i
D & R G 4f »9'4' Do Deb B . fiOT^
Erie prior lien 4?. B8U, Wheel & L E 4s S7>i
Do 0en 4s «ti>4 Wis Cent 4s ... f»9%
Ft XV & D C 1st*. 99 Vi Colo F & I c 5s 70
Hocking Val 4'is.lOC
NSW YORI^ MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con lOjuttle Chief 00
Alice l-"!;Ontarlo r> 1111
I?re«*e 10:Or.hir 1 j)-»
Brunswick Con.. 03 Hi Phoenix 14
Comftock Tunnel.. TCiPotosl . *"' n
Con Cal & Va 1 00 Savage ... 34
Horn Silver 1 l«j Sierra Ncv ." 4.1
Iron Silver lR^, Small Hopes 1-,
I^adville Cnn 02 Standard . " '*> 00
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS."*"
Money— WeFtinsih Com..'.. 75
Call loan* «8fi« Mining-
Time loans 5SC>,4 Adventure •>
Bonds — Aliouez ... "" 4
Atchison 4« .. 0« ? 4 Amalgamated"."' 4S
llrx Cent 4» C8>5 Da!y West ....'" ;«
Railroad? — Blngham . . " " '"',,
Atrhison <T7-r Calumet & He*la.431)
Do prefd m% Centennial ¦ 1474
Boston «- Albany.244 Copper Range " Ii..
Boston & Maine.lCfi Dominion Coal " Til7
Bofton L 140^4 Franklin .... 7
N Y N H & H.195V* iMe Royale ..." «u
Fltchburg prcfd.,135 Mohawk .. ' 3P
Vnion Pacific ... 78'^ Old Dominion"" <!
Mox Cent 9>4 Osceola ;- 5714
Miscellaneous — Parrot "* «»}
Amer Sugar 12.1% Qulncy Jo
Do prefd 120v, Santa Fo Copper" 114
Amer Tel & T. .105^ Tamarack ... kg
Domln Iron & R. 7% Trinity 4*/
Oen Electric ...1«4 United States . " in'*
Mass Electric.... lfii^ Utah ' 20 •
Do prefd 75 Victoria ... "" i.v
United Fruit ICO Wlnona .. ""nil
V S Steel 10% Wolverine '..'.'.'." ck™
Do prefd 55 *i
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols, money .. KHlt, x Y Central ' !•">
Do account 88% Nor & Western" RM1
Anaconda 3T4 Do prefd ... 90
Atohison 03% Ontario' & West 22
Do prefd 95U Pennsylvania '..'.'. C("%
Balto & Ohio ... 80% Rand Minis 5174
Canadian Pacific. I22'4 Reading . .'. 22V4 I
fti°» & Ohio 34 % Do 1st prefd!!! 40
Chicago G W ... 10 Vi Do 2d prefd.. SO'i
Chi M & St Paul. 140 K Southern Ry . 2"
DeBeers 20% Do prefd sou
Denver & R G.. 22»J Southern Pac 40U
Do prefd 74% Union Pacific . sn«,
Erie 30% Do prefd fli
Do l«t prefd... 70^J U S Steel ,. io-v
Do 2d prefd 02 Do pr«fd ccii
Illinois. Central... 13314 Wabash 21
Louis & JfaKh...l<:9^4| Do prefd 3s
Mo Kan &/Tex.. 18%l
Bar sllx-er— Steady, 25%d per ounce.
Money*-3M©3 > Si per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills Is 3 T » per cent and for three months'
bills 3%©3 13-16 per cent.
New York Metal Market;
NEW YORK. Dec. 18.— Tin yaa 2a 6d higher
In London at £125'.12s.6d for epot and £120 12a
6d for futures. Locally tin was easy In tone,
with the price, however, nominally unchanged
at (27 50. . .,". i
Csper was lower in London, spot declining 7s Cd
to £56 IDs. while futures lost 10a. closing at
£56 5s. Locally copper was quiet. Lake Is
quoted at $12 3716912 G2Vj', electrolytic,' |12 25
©12 50; casting, $12 12»$@12 37&:
1 Lead advanced Is 3d to Us 3d In London,
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was quiet and easy. Creamery, Ki®
24c; dairy, N 14f«21c. ¦' Eggs, steady at mark,
cases included, 27<g29%c. Cheese, steady, 10@
lO'/aC
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 39.000 18,700
"Wheat, bush<hs 90.10U 47,500
Corn, bushels 174,000 101,000
Oats, bushels 158.100 90.4C0
Rye, bushels.. , 0,000 ¦ 17,500
Barley, bushels 83.0C0 \ 5,800
¦ Cu'Sh quotations were as follows : Floar,
fcteady; No. 2 spring wheat, 82c; No. 3, 77@Slc;-
No. 'i red, S2@.S0c; No. 2 corn, 42%c; No. 2 yel
low, 45e; No. 2 oats, 35%@35%c; No. 3 white,
30i&:!7%c; No. •-' rye, Si''fi'. > )2%c; eood feeding
barley, 35@3<ic; fair to choice malting, 43@53c;
No. 1 tlaxseed, !)3c; No. 1 Northwestern, ?l 01;
prime timothy seed, ?2 75; meus pork,' per bar
rel, ?11 45tm 50; lard, per 100 lbs, $0 37%@
« 40; short ribs sides (loose), $G@ti 25; short
clear sides (boxed), $0 25®« -37%^ whisky, basis
of high wines, Jfl 27; clover, contract grade,
$11 25.
but was unchanged here at $4 37%.
Spelter was unchanged at £21 10s in London,
but ruled rather Irregular here, with spot quot
ed nominally &c lower at 5c, while supplies for •
December delivery were ' advanced 10 points to
$4 S5.
Iron closed at 4Ss Od in Glasgow and at 41s
Cd in Middlesboro. Locally iron was un
changed. No. 1 foundry Northern is quoted at
$14615. No. 1 foundry. Southern, and No. 1
foundry, Southern, soft, at $13 50#14.
Bank Clearings. ¦
NEW YORK. Dec. 18.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet. shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended.
December 17, with the percentage of Increase
and decrease as compared with the correspond- i
ir.g week last year:
' Percentase.
Cities — Amount. Inc. Dec.
•New York $l,2yS,S45,135 20.5
•Chicago 178.258,343 3.4 ....
•Boston ..„ 134,5C4,407 5.5
•Philadelphia 112,022.467 .... 10.3
•St. Louis .:. 54.504.487 9.» . ....
Pittsburg .:.. 3(»,S12,000 .... 14.1
•San Francisco .. 30.C29.285 3.U ....
•Baltimore 21,5t>«,100 0.2
Cincinnati 21,839,100 .... 3.2
•Kansas City 22,834,191 5.1
Cleveland * 15,4i>l,242 4.2
•Minneapolis ltl,722,5<i« 4.1
•New Orleans ... 2;;, 755,81*5 39.2 ....
Detroit 10.739.4S1 .... 10.1
•Louisville 10,m9,23« 3.2
Omaha 7,57S,S18 3.1 ....
•Milwaukee 8,907,141 7.1 ....
•Providence 7.080.0OO 8.3 \ ...
•Buffalo «,5S6.442 1.5 :
•St. Paul ...r. ... 0.000.010 10.0
Indianapolis 0,125, 705 .... 0.3
Los Angeles 7,187.190 28.5
•St. Joseph 4,341.937 12.7
Denver 4.7CS.436 3.7
Richmond 4. 4.57C.927 .... 2.7
Columbus r 4,49S,2C0 5.8
Seattle 4,m,4S4 2.7
Washington 4,260,859 2.1 ....
•Savannah 5.182.S42 17.2
Men:phl3 7,158,283 SS.5 ' ....
Albany 3.708,181 JS.S> .,..
Salt Lake City... 3.99S.302 11.4
•Portland, Tx 4,915,000 89.'5 .7-..
•Toledo 2,955,072 20.3 -
Fort Worth 3.230.S73 10.1
Peoria <3,C75,70.T ':" 4.0
Hartford 2,ieo,12T '23.7
Rochester 2.417.103 4.«
Atlanta. «,SS0,125 14.0
Des Mc.lnes 2,294,830 17.5 ....
New Haven , 1.881.60-i 0.1
Nashville 2,720,147- 30.5
Spokane Wash... 2,3*U.8iO 12.9
Grand Kapids ... 1,937,731 7.3 ....
Sioux City 1.314.UKS 22. »
Springfield, Mass. 1,476,087 8.8
Norfolk 2,062.J>SD .9.0
Dayton 1,579,983 13.4
Tacoma 2,34S.58« 10.5 ....
Worcester 1,010, 70s 4.7
Augusta Ga 1,848,155 5.4 *
Portland, Me 1,490,338 2.4 ....
Scranton l.C08,lt:0 25.4 . .'. .
Topeka 1,415,071 17. 1
Syracuse 1,2.12.(523 .... 2.0
Evansvillo 1,278,738 - 3.5 ....
Wilmington, Del. 1,202,302 2.2
Birmingham 1.386,092 10.4
Davenport 834,136 9.3
Kail River 1,207,303 15.4
Little Rock 1.20O, -100 4.5
Knoxvllle l,01)0,2«5 2.1
Maron O77.COO 1.4
WilkeFbarre 82S,tt<» .1.2
Akron C37.O00 14.5
SniimrfieM. Ill 6C8.422 1.9
Whceilng, W. Va. 768,871 1.0
Wichita S.Vt.795 2S.3
Youngstown *... r>95,O4r> 14.7
Helena 1.172.121 (10.9
Lexington 522,."00 :... 26.4
Ch&ttanooga „ 85<i,017 31.1
Lowell ' 445.SS9 13.7
New Bedford 01 1,527
Kalamazoo fiOS.OOO 0.5
Farso. N. D 727.41!) 1.8
Canton, Ohio 500,000 34.4
Jacksonville. Fla. 7.01. 7*W 78.2
Grcf-nsburgr. Pa... 443,484: ...; 1.5
P.orkfor.3. Ill n.!2.S02 50.3 ... ;
Springfield. Ohio.. rK>4.:m 11.3
Bin;jhamton 4R0.200 1.5
Chester. Pa 4ttf5.6tr> S.« ' ....
I'.lfiominsrton. 111.. 3.->«,!'« 21.9 ....
Ouincy. Ill 3SS.46.1 21.2 ....
Ploux Falls. S. D. ;., 33«.212 4.0
Mansfield. O}iir»... 22K.144 9.0
Jackscnville. 111... 157.054 22.3 ....
Fremont. Nebr. ... 15R.330 .... 17.5
Pecatur, 111 v 29R.S4:! . 41.0 ....
••Houston 15.872.00ft 1.1 ....
•?Galveston ll.24f»,00O 8.3
Chprlesto:], S. C. 1.. ".11. 010
Guthrie 955.70«
Totals, V. S . . . .?2,22.t.473.073 13.3
Outside N. Y... RCC.G27,9aS .4
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $21,018,868 4.4
Tnronto 15.8(U,2S1 0.2
Winnipeg , «.024,3ST 1S.1
Halifax l.M!2.:i5O 20.1
Ottawa 2.322.M3 5.5'
Vancouver, B. C 1.25S.724 24.4 .....
Quebec 1,374.G2» 11.1
Hamilton .1,231,221 20.3
St. John. N. B 0S0.415 13.2
Victoria. B. C 853,914 23.3.
London SS4.324 6.1
Totals. Canada (53.974.528 .0 ;
•Balances paid in cash. M Xot included in |
totals because containing other items than i
clearings. i
New York Dry Goods Market.'
NETW YORK. Dec. 18. — The dry goods mar
ket has shown unmistakable signs of further
stiffening, and advances have been made on
certain lines which have already been subjected 1
to a rise. Buying is restricted and there is no !
! speculative character to the orders which are '
placed. Jobbers . are preparing further semi
annual clearance tales. •
New York Grain and Produce. I
NEW YORK, Dec. 18.— FLOUR-i-Kecelpts j
22,!)00 barrels; exports, 31,700 barrels; more
active and firmer.
WHEAT— Receipts, 43.900 bushels; exports
9500 bushels; spot, firm.; No. 2 red, fil%c
elevator and Stiiic f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth, !)4>4c t. 0. b. ailoat; No. 1
hard Manitoba, nominal, f. o. b." afloat. Op
tions were active and firm all day, Influenced
by the war talk, smaller lecelpts, good clear
ances, outside demand, export rumors, gen
eral covering and bullish Argentina crop newa:
The close was very firm at %@iy,o net ad
vance, led by December and a ate ocare of
shorts. May, 85 ZrlQQ$5%C, closed at 85%c ;
July. 81%<&Sl%e. closed at 81%c; December
«O'ifF*Jl%c, closed at 81 %c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
/ WOOI^— Firm.
PETROLEUM— Firm.
SUGAR — Raw, firm; refined, r,t°ady
COFFEE — Spot Rio, firm; -No. 7 Invoice,
6%c; mild, firm. Futures closed steady at a
net advance of l. r >@25 points. Sales werj
114.C00 bags, including December, J;.4C@(J.45c;
January, «.3OW(5.5Oc; February, C-lOigti.IiQc-
March. «.«0(?0.80c: May, <>.S)0©7. 10c; July!
7.(15ffl7.25c; August. 7.15c; September, 7.25@
7. 45e; October, 7. 3O@7. "5c; November, 7.40c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market was
firm, with prime fruit in fair demand to cover
December contracts. Common, 4J?5c; prime
5%@5%c; choice, 0@0%c; fancy, 7c.
PRUNES— Still quiet locally, although coast
advices report a rather firmer market at pri
mary points. Quotations range from 3%c to
0%c, according to size.
APRICOTS — In moderate demand, with
choice quoted at 0%W9%c; extra choice.1 7%&
1 8Vic; fancy, ll©15c. •
PEACHES— Quiet, but steady at 7Yi^7%c
for choice; 7?4@$%c for extra che-lce and lWc
for fancy.
There was a good demand for well-colored
Naval Orange*, both for local use and ship
ping account, and about 10C0 boxes were sold
for shipment to Honolulu on the steamer Ala
meda, out to-day. , The market otherwise was
quiet and featureless, as the rain kept buyers
away. Tangerines were weaker, owing to the
competition of Japanese Mandarins, which
were offering freely at easy rates. Grape Fruit
was firmer, as supplies of choice, well-colored
stock were limited. Tropical fruits were plen
tiful and unchanged. Five cars of Naval
Oranges were sold at auction and the prices
obtained were low, as all of the fruit was
more or lers green and lacked sweetness.
Fancy sold at ?1@1 60. choice at 80c@$l 40,
and standards at Coc®$l 30. A few small lots
of fine Grape Fruit were offered and sold from
$3 25 to $4 per box, according to grade.
The rain has about ended the Berry season,
and as there were no fresh supplies received,
the quotations are omitted. A few small lots of
Vertiel Grapes came la and sold at $1 25 per
crate. Apples and other tree fruits* were quiet
and featureless.
Cranberries continue to advance.
CRANBERRIES — Cape Cod, $14«?16 per bbl.
APPLES — Fancy Spitzenbergs. $1 75ft'.! per
box; other varieties. 5101 50 for fancy. . 75®90c
for choice and 23@50c for common; Christmas
Apples, $1 50<52. : V. '
PEARS — Winter Nellis, from cold storage,
$1 50#2 o<?r box. , . '
„- QUINCES— 40«eCc per box. , ,
PERSIMMONS— G0c<S$l i>er box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. $1 75Q>.
2 50 per box for fancy. $1 25®1 50 for choice,"
and 75c@$l 25 for standards; Seedlings, 75c@$l;
Tangerines, Ul 25 for half boxes* and 75c<S$l for
quarter box*s; Japanese Mandarins.- $1®1 60
for half boxes; Lemons. 31®2 per box; Grape
Fruit, $2@4; Mexican Limes. $4@4 00; Bananas.
$1<02 per bunch for Hawaiian and $2(33 for
Central American; Pineapples, $2®3 50 per
dozen. . •
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Wall-street stocks firm, 7nth fluctuations ndrrcnv.
Local stocks of all classes inactive.
Wheat and Barley quiet, zvith little pressure to sell.
Oats and Corn in fair demand. Rye neglected.
Trading in Hay checked by the rain. Feedstuff s steady.
Lima Beans still -firm, owing to lac% of rain in the south.
Butter and CJieese still in heavy supply, but no Imcer.
Egg s weak, with spot stocks gradually accumulating.
Provisions firm at Chicago, but quiet and featureless here.
Hops reported firm and fairly active in the country.
Hides flat, with neither consumptive nor spcculatiz'c demand.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs unchanged.
Potatoes plentiful and weak. Onions firmer.
Poultry and Game active and steady.
U r ell-colored Oranges in good demand. Other Fruits quiet.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Dec^n'ew^.'.tTT 70% 79% 70 79%
May ..;....... —81% 82% 81% 82Vi
July 76% * 70% 70% 76?i
Dei^bel 0 -. 2 .-. 41% 42 41% 42
May 4:5% 43% i 43% ; 43%
July 43Vi - 43% 43H 43%
Oats No. 2 —
December 35 35V4 34% ¦ 35%
May 36%. 37 30% 37
July ..: 33%' 34V 33%- 34
Mess Pork, per bbl —
January .......11 35 11 45 11 35 11 42%
May ...11 72% 11-85 11 72% 11 So
Lard, per 100 lbs —
January 0 35 -fi 37% 635 637%
May 0 55 6 57% 6 52% 6 57%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— /
January 0 07% C 07%- 6 05 6 07%
,May 0 20 0 27% 0 22% 6 27%
All- grades Butter and Egg* are cheaper, as
the production is steadily increasing, owing
to the toft, moist weather, and prices may be
even lower before the end of . the week.
. The market is slenderly supplied with most
kinds of garden Vegetables and prices are ac
cordingly high. . Seasonable varieties of fruits
are in good supply, with prices normal. Cran
berries have suddenly become scarce and ¦ are
dearer.
Poultry and Game have changed but little
since last week. All indications point to a
good supply of Turkeys for Christmas and
prices will undoubtedly be lower than they
were just before Thanksgiving. Meats and
Fish have not changed for weeks.
COAL. PER TON-^- . ¦'
Wellington **— @10 CO'New
Seattle $— @ 8 EOj Wellington $— @10 CO
Roslyn $ — 0 0 00 Wellington
Richmond ...$—# 9 50 Nut $— @ 8 CO
Greta $ — ® 0 00 Cooa Bay ..$ — @ 7 50
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.—
Butter cholce,sq.50@35 Common Eggs... 30#4O
Do good ..40045 Ranch Eggs 45@S>O,
Do packed. lb.25@30 Eastern Eggs ..30@35
Cheese- Cal 15«f20 Honey, comb, per
•Cheese Eastern.. 20@25 pound — @20
Cheese,* Swiss ..25©:« Do extracted.. 8@10
MEATS. PER POUND— £
Bacon 1S@25 Pork Sausage. .12^i@15
Hams ". .....16018 Smoked Beef ...—©20
Lard 12^®—
The San Francisco Butchers' Protective As
sociation gives the following retail prices for
meats:
Roast Beef 10@20 Hindqrtr Lamb..lS®20
Tenderloin Steak.l5@18 Foreqtr Mutton.. 8®10
Porterhse dol7V,@2J% Leg Mutton ...12%@15
Sirloin Steak.. 12%<iTH5 Mutton Chops..l2%01S
Round Steak . .10@12*2 Mutton Stew ....8 ©10
Beef Stew — ©10 Roast Veal 12®-0
Corn Beef S(glO Veal Cutlets 15@20
Soup Bones .... 49— Veal Stew 12M,<S*l r ,
Soup Meat 5<S10 Roast Pork ...12^5518
i Lamb* Chops .. .—©20 Pork Chops 15@18
I Foreqtr Lamb.l2H@15| '
; POULTRY AND GAME—
Hens, each 0C©75 Wild Doves. dz..$l 50
Young Roosters. . English Snipe. dz.$4 to
each C0@SO Jack Snipe, doz..*2 50
Old Roosters ea.50*ffti3 Gray Geeae, each.40<S50
Fryers each ...5C@«0 White Geese. ea.l5@25
Broilers, each . .5O@(5O Brant each 20335
Turkeys per lb.23®28 Honkers, each.. 40073
Ducks, each ..Jpc«?*l Teal Ducks. ea..20<&23
Geese each..'— ®$1 50 Mall'd Ducks. ea.5C(R)f5
Goslings .%2 CO Wldg'n Ducks,ea20«i25
Pigeons, pair . . . — «? CO Sprig Ducks. ea.4C©50
Squabs, per pair.— ®C0 Canvasbacks, ea. 604*75
Rabbits, each . . .2Qtf?2i> Small Ducks, ea.26$T2j
Hare, . each ". — ©20
FRUITS AND NUTS—
Alligtr Pears, dz.?3@ 4|O'.anEes, doz ...23®50
Almonds 15020 Persimmons lb..— jfS 8
-Apples :;@ 8;Pomegr'tes. lb..— @ S
Cranberries, qt. . — <fi25 Pears -per lb. . .— -(& 8
Pecans —-$120' Pineapples. ea....2.>350
Brazil Nuts . ...2D® — iQuinces. lb ..... 3@ 5
Bananas, doz . ..25@1O Raisins, per lb.. 5^15
Chestnuts ...... .15S - J0 Raspberries per .
Cocoanuts. each.. — tfilO I basket -^-©15
Dried Figs, lb. . — 010 Strawberries, per '
Grapes, per lb .\0<lbl2\tf basket lW?l. r >
Grape Fruit, dz.75c@$l Tan3?rlr.es. dz..i2Ce?25
Limes, doz 10015 Walnuts, per lb..l5@20
Lemons, doz . 15@23
VEGETABLES— i
Artichokes doz.75c0$l( Onions per lb..iy.@2
Beets, dozen . . . .10<S— lOkra. dried. lb.\.20<£—
i Beans, white, lb 5© — Potatoes, lb ....l : h«'J'
I Colored, per lb. 5®- - Parsnips, per dz.l!>iS20
! Drfed Lima. lb. — ft C, Radishes, dz bch.l.V?20
Cabbage, each .. 5(fttlO Sage, dz bunches25$? — i
. Celery, bead 5®10 String Beans
I CrcEs. dz bunch.lo'u — . per lb .:.... .12 ><i$M5
I Cucumbers, doz.. — @25 Summer Squash
Garlic KVfmuj per lb S'fflO
Green Peppers, lb— ®15 Sprouts, per lb.. 5W C
Dried Peppers . .1()S?2."» Spinach per lb. C@ 8 I
Egg Plant lOfSis: Sweet Potatoes -
Green Peas. lb.lO@12'/i I P^r lb — @ 2 i
Lettuce, per doz. 1 ft9>~2o Thjme.dz bnchs.25@30
Leeks, dz bunch. 1SST20J Turnips, per dz. — <S15
Lima Beans, lb.,— ©I.* Tomatoes, lb ...—©10
Mushrooms lb.. .35050 " '
FISH— .
Barracouta — ®13|Rockcod ...— tava
Carp 10m*i/. ISea .liasa —©!.">
Catfl3h — ®12><2'SmeH3 ei'.T,
.Codfish . ..— (fm^'So'.es .....1C015
• Flounders lOtf? — Skatos each 10W15
Halibut 1«W— ! Squid — @—
Herrins gfiilO Tomcod t2H4?—
Mackerel — © — .Turbot
Do horse 15® — Trout — @ —
Rockflsh — ©12V. I Brook Trout — «5—
Salmon, fresh. ; 12 v-tfti'r, Whiteflsh 10® —
Do smoked 1."«72.") Clams, gallon ..50#-r-
Sardincs lo®' — Do hardf«hen,lb 8®10
Shrimp 3 — (R10 Crawfish, lb . .12U.fnr>
Shad 104JV— Crabs, each 2002."
Striped Bass ....ir>(fi20 Mussels lb 12%@15
| Perch, K 10«— Oysters. Cal 100.4<if«r,u
Pompfno — «7; Do Eastern, dz.3C©J0
Meal, $28 0002!) 50; Cracked Corn. $29@30;
Mixed Feed, ?22@23; Horse Beans, $30@40 per
ton. »
HAY— Wheat $13 W>®16: Wheat and Oat.-
S13SJ15 50; Oat. $12«14: Wild Oat. $11 5C@
13 50; Barley. ?12S13 50; Stock nominal—
none here: Alfalfa $10@l2 00 per ton.
STRAW — lOQtfto per bale.
Receipts were 31.7C0 lbs Butter, 636 cases
Eggs and 24,200 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery 26c for extras and 22@
24c for seconds; dairy. 18@24c; store Butter.
lT^c; cold storage. 21©23c per 1b.
CHEESE — 12®12&c for the general market,
13c for select mild new -and ll@ll%c for
lower grades: Young Americas. 13@14c; East
ern. 15%@16%c; Western. 14@15c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch 3SS42%c for choice and 3og
37%c for small "and" mixed colors; store, 32%
@35c: cold storage, 28@32Vjc; Eastern, 2b"©
30c for cold storage.
with a "reak market, though 42'^c was still
quoted though In a small way, and then for
fine, large, white selected. The lower grades
showed a 'further decline. Stocks of all de
scriptions continue to accumulate gradually,
and buyers are purchasing only from band to
mouth. .
| FAMILY RETAIL MARKBT\
36%c to 36%c, ranged between 36&c and 36%
@37c, closing at 36%@37c. ¦
The provision market was governed almost
exclusively by the situation at the yards. Lib
eral receipts and a decline of 10c caused some
selling by packers, but later in the day a
steadier tone developed in hogs and provisions
gained part of the early loss. The close was
steady with May pork a shade higher, lard
unchanged and ribs were a shade lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
¦ ... . . . -
THE , S/lN ¦ . FRANCISCO «: ALL. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 19, .1903.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
AUCTION SALES
STILL THS7 COME. «W
A3* BETTEB THAW EVEB. -<tW
HORSES FOR EVERYBODY.
FOURTH CONSIGNMENT FROM J'-
CHURCHILL CO.. YREKA.
AUCTION SALE OF
j 100 Head Unbroken Mares and Geldings
1 W'elghing from 10CO to 130O pounds, consigned
•by Churchill Co., Yreka, Sisklyou County, from
their well-known J. F., C. B. and D. ranches.
These borsea are blockily buUt. have good
feet and legs, and will make good mlllt. ex-
press, delivery, bakery, grocery and general
all-purpose horses. They are Yery easily
handled.
Farmers desiring horses to work or breed
should not miss this sale.
¦ TO BE SOLD
MONDAY, DECEMBER 21. 1903,
At 11 a. m.. at
SAU5STASD, 1732 3XABKET STEIIT,
, Cor. Van Ness ave., San Francisco. Hor»es at
yard Saturday. December 19.
FRED H. CHASE & CO.,
Successors to Killlo & Co.. Livestock Auc"r*.
DISPERSAL SALE
OF
£-_ 54 Thoroughbred Race £-^
zEfcfl Horses, Brood Mares, Etc. ***
From the
MERRIWA STOCK FARM,
n. E. DeB. LOPEZ. Proprietor.
This is the closing out of th« grandest lot oi
Australian and American thoroughbreds ever
offered In this State. There are sona and.
daughters of St. Andrew. Ma.xlo. St. Marco.
LJmewater. Uncle Jess. Imp. Clieveden. Imv.
Alerrlwa. Splendor, Castor. First Water, M«-
ret, Sam Lucas, etc. There are some grand
yearlings, two and three year olds tracing to
Musket, Tattendon and Goldsbrough.
! Lisp (half sister to Articulate) frill also t>*
sold.
As this marks the closing up of this farm
a golden opportunity is afforded horsemen to
get the best representatives of Australasia,
ever offered. Sale takes place
MONDAY EVENING. Dec. 21. 1903.
Commencing at 7:30 sharp, at
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
248 THIRD ST.. Near Folsom.
Catalogues ready.
Horses at sales yard December 13.
WM. G. LA YNG. Auctioneer.
"Quickly the Highest Amount:"
i That is what it means to dispose ot your
goods where they have been used. Se« J
ANDERSON,
The Auctioneer,
About it. Room SO, second floor of Fhelan
Building. Telephone Mala 1352....¦ ¦¦¦'¦_:' <-¦¦•¦ .-- ,-. i . • - .... ---¦-¦. - . . ¦ ¦- . -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. .DECEMBER 19, 1003.
14
HELP \V\KTKn^VJ^j^^l2^^
WANTED-Hc-usework. 2 family j^^K
nurse. $30: ccok. no wash ng, *«.^° u =j glrI .
Sausalito, $30; parlor maid. »- 3 h -.,^n n otel.
Oakland. $.~,i>; companion to 2 <^ h ' ld^ n / n «V
$2.%; chambermaid. $20; 2 second girl*. »J
hi; chambermaid, wait one meal 1-3^ man
and wife, ranch. -$45: laundress. ' nst " ut '^'
$'J3: cook, ranch. *25: second girl Salinas.
$20 2 nurse glrK $2O-J25: chamber «orK
Private family. $:»: 2 maids. * 2 °-*-' RO r
house girls. $20-$25-$30. Apply to J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. :J34 Sutter et.
WANTED— At San Francisco Employment Bu-
reau, 17 Fourth st.. girl for housework. clt>.
$25; lisht chfciberwork. city. $10; light
housework for 2. city. $20; salesladies, fancy
department, Oakland. $b a week: house as-
sistant. Berkeley. $18. Phone Grant 2t>.
WANTED — Restaurant waitress; good pay. 631
Clay st.
A~GOOD woman wanted to take care of baby
1 year old; good home for the right party,
state age. reference, and salary expected.
Apply box 4S1S. Call office.
PIANO player for saloon. 509 Kearny st.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. G. Barrett, instructor. 302 Montgomery.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions nas
been oaened at 1008 Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY. 634-63G Clay St.
Phone Main 5S4S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1002 We Gave 1903 We'll Give
45,000 Men Work. 60,000 Men Work.
ARIZONA, close to PRESCOTT.
LOOK.
Assistant marker, laundry, fare $1. $<50-
Ironer. $65. south; nurse. $25 and found.
Porter, grocery, country, references $30.
4 waiters. $25 to $30; cook, fare $1.. $50;
German or Scandinavian cook and wife, ho-
tel. $50 and- found.
Carriage trimmer, old Mexico free fare.
DON'T FORGET— $9.
ARIZONA TO-DAY PRESCOTT.
Steady jobs; 2 years BIG WAGES.
ITALIANS.
40 Italians to chop wood: tools found.
Sexton. Catholic church, fare $1. $23 found.
John Miller, "sexton." please call.
Choreman and wife for mine, wlfo wait at
table, boss here. $60.
Handy man with carpenter tools, city. $75.
Relief cook. $3 50 day; fry cook. $3 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
____________ __
100 Italians or Portuguese. $60.
155 Greeks or Spaniards. $60.
155 Austrlans or Mexicans. $60.
MURRAY & READY. 634-938 Clay st.
AT Cal. Emp. Agency. B0 Third st. — 2 buckers.
$30 and board, wife to wait table $30 a
month; 2 lumbermen, redwoods, wife to
wait table, $3O a month; 3 coal miners, tt-
foot vein. $1 per ton. fare advanced.
COOK and wife, country restaurant, $105; 2
farmers and wives, $15 and found; restau-
rant cook, $20 week; broiler. $16 week; hotel
porter, country, $30 and found: restaurant
omnibus man. il SO day: and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Right now, a promoter with strong
financial connections; no ding-dong nor peek-
a-boo man need apply; references. Box
32-12. Call office.
A THOROUGHLY competent and capable man
to handle sale of town lots In thriving
country town: highest references required.
Box 4820. Call.
WANTED — Shoe cutters, fitters and bottomers.
Wentworth Shoe and Leather.Co., Nineteenth
and Bryant sts.
1 WANTED — Experienced dry goods packer and
; crater. Apply between V and 11 a. ra. at
HALE BROS.'
i WANTED — Youn* men to sell toy*. Apply
I between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
MEN and women wanted to learn barber
trade under good teacher. 647 Commercial st.
EXPERIENCED Jewelry salesman wanted.
BALDWLN JEWELRY CO.. 84B Marh»t st.
GOOD barber for Saturday evening and Sun-
day morning. ' 1415 Valencia st.
BARBER for Saturday noon and Sunday at
428 Broadway.
__ _ _
Men to learn the barber trade In two months
and secure good positions; catalogue and full
Inform* tion mailed free. MOLER System
College. 635 Clay St.
WANTED — Experienced furnishing goods sales-
man; no others need apply. Call S. N. WOOD
£. CO.. 740 Market st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 30. or
orthopedic shoes, $3 50; best shoes on earth. It
Third St., Exam, bldg., 5 doors from Market.
GOVERNMENT positions — Call at room 1».
fifth floor. 305 Larkln st.. for free informa-
tion as to positions, salaries, age limits, etc.;
day or evenings.
GREEN hands for South Seas at 26 Steuart st.
MEN to learn barber trade. San Francisco
Barber College. 741A Howard st.
WHY pay big prjees to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get It done for 23c. 30c
and COc while you wait at 563 Mission st.,
bet. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third St.?
WANTED — A man experienced In putting up
blackboard; must be competent. Address box
4S12. Call office.
SEAMEN for Australia and Europe; also green
hands for whaling. HERMAN'S. 22 East st.
WANTED — Man In coal yard used to business.
E. D. FlEI* Clay and Flllmore sts.
BERBER shop; one chair; good location; well
fitted; cheap. STOLTZ. 723 Market st.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop on eale. 3312 Twen-
tieth*^
TRY cur men's shoes, union made.' at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay"
express or mall charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
WANTED — For U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied unmarried men, between 21 and 33;
good character: must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-
war In a') parts of the world, on land In our
Island possessions and at naval stations in
the United States. Apply- at recruiting of-
fice. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.. and
401 K st.. Sacramento, Cal.
IF you are not satisfied with your salary. w«
have an opening whereby you can earn legiti-
mately $40 weekly; gentlemanly occupation;
! pood aidrt--. business knowleiUe nfcwwry.
Royal Mercantile Co., suite 19. Columbian bid.
WANTED — An all around bookbinder: one who
can do forwarding and finishing on full
bounds. Apply SANBORN.' VAIL & CO.. 741
Market st. ______________
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, had
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third st. ; 250 rooms; 25c to SOc per night.
PALMER HENDRIKSON. formerly of Seattle,
is earnestly requested to write to his sorrow-
ing mother or come home.
PENSION ATTY~mThARRIS, 40 Ellis st.-.li
years' practice; references froro thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
PF.NSION atty.. E. A. Bul'ls. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
McDONALD & PERRY have a large stock of
new and second-hand shoes: cheap. 239 3d st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
.ket — 700 rooms; 33c night; reading rooms;
free "bus and baggage to and fram ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for th» reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. ro.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Cftll. 16 pates, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GFT your shoes half soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 6C3 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
FOR sale — 3 young horses; single cr double-.
Apply 903 Ydrk st.
MUST be sold at sacrifice: 5 good hones.
327 Sixth gt. - -¦ ,
Al EXPRESS wagen, light camping wagoa
and go-cart for sale cheap. 333 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2-riand wagons, boekb'd. sur-
rey.barness.work.drivlng horses. 18th- Valencia
——————————
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for clr
cular. G.H.UMBSEN St CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list-
. service absolutely free; take advantage o'
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
st., on . the square.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of house*
_ let. BALDW^ & HOWELL. 23 Post St.
LOST AXD FOUND.
LOST— Llewellyn setter bitch: biack h?a.J a ~i
ears, black «pot en hinJ leg. Return to ¦.#
Sycamore ave. and receive reward.
LOST— Bcb-talVd St. Bernard bitch. Vfedaes.
day, from 1322 Sanchez, cor. Army; inward,
LOST— An old fat bror.n tleerhound b'.tch!
Finder will return same to 2C1S Sacramrn;..,
st. -and receive reward.
LOST Laiy's turquoise and diamond p:n. R s .
turn to Eerge's Restaurant. 334 Pine st., rs-
ceive reward.
LOST— A mink caix at Wel!e«ley Hotel nr».
Finder please^ return to hotel; reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
pjld and silver to make new watch cages.
JIKDICAL^ __^
MR" DR WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints: instant relief guaranteed; M
years' experience: removed to S2t> Post st.
MR" DR KOHL, reliable specialist for all fs.
male troubles and Irregulariti-s; Instant r»-
Uef guaranteed. IOCS^ Market St.. opp. 5;h.
DR G W O'DONNELL — All who are sick or
In trouble consult this socialist on fema:«
complaints: pcsltively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped- the most difficult cases trea:-«l;
advice free. Office. 101_Market st.
Drs Goodwin 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
in Sbrtetriw. female complaints; inst relief;
treatment »10; h_our«_U_. _* ; 25 years' exper.
MRS D. ALLEnTiUS Mvlwt— Rellabl* ladies'
specialist- a private home before and during
Snement: best medical care; low fee,.
r» and MR« DAVIES and HINDOO HERI3S;
jggnjj^method .of treatment. 1128 Market ,t.
DR ROSEN resides 2895 rolsora St.. corner
26th: ladiea. relief or no fe»: <10.
DR NO TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. opposite
Union square: alt diseases cured by herb-..
MISCELLAXE^rS— -FOR^SA^p-
BOILERS. «ngtnesT2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH A WOLPMAX. 105-197 Fremont st.
CHRISTMAS trees from 25 cents uo.
Hollyberries. per bunch. » cent *
Wreaths of berries. 10 cent, to 1" «nts.
The best place to buy your Xma» greens.
K .l roll, easy to Uy;
need, no painting or coating; good over cli
lr-.n tin or shingles: best for new roof9.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, boiler*, engine., pumps.
pulleys, shaftlns, etc.. etc.. bought, sold.
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCH'Y CO.. 130-132 Beale at.
AUTOMOBILES — White Stanhope. 1903 model;
can carry four; fine condition; basket, etc.; a
bargain; cost $1400: will sell J70O. Address
"Auto." box 31S5. Call office.
A— Fine suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Origi-
nal MUflt Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny St..
near Bush; open to 9 p. ra.. Sunday to noon.
A— Buys, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 2S3-253 Spear St.
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cost;
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog
tent free. R. E. Rtvalk & Co.. San Francisco.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50: we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid. : catalog free.
ALTERATION «ale — B«at $2 5O hats. $1 5O.
Popular Price Hatter, 350 Kearny st.. near
Pine; cpen to 9 p. m. ; Sundays to noon.
SNELL bicycle for sale cheap: In gocd condi-
tion. Redwood road and School st., Frult-
vala.
PIGEONS and squabs for sale. 376 San Jose
avenue. • ___^
SOME gcod Eecond-hand gasoline engines. 1 to
12 H. P.. cheap E. B. Beck & Co., 122 Mkt.
FINE «team automobile; first-class running or-
der. W. V., 320 Lyon St.. San Francisco.
SLOT machines cheap: Chicago^. Twentieth
Centuriea. Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 933 Market.
DESKS and safes; see the complete line at 1*11
Market, ab. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BRO3.
FOR sale-^2 12-foot store counters: $5 each.
WOODWARD. 2200 Fillmore st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN'S' SAFE CO.. 307 Battery St.
A VERY fine diamond heart for $210 at W. J.
HKSTHAL'8. 10 Sixth st. j
NEW and second-hand machinery of all kind*.
KROQH MXFG. CO.. 519 Market St.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard te. Breck. 131 Poat at.
MILES of pipe and flttlnss: all siies. EU-
OENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st. _
All bargalns;camp stools and chairs: hammocks.
metal beds.mattresses. J.F.Hotter.712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl, 0.13 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — Male Angora kitten, pure whKe.
blue eyes, perfect, hearing, about 2 months
old; name price. Box 3193, Call office.
COMPLETE assay outfit In good order; also
one good concentrator; state price. Box
4S»S. Call office.
WANTED — To rent a hotel In a good country
* town. Particulars box 31S9. Call.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLME3.
1149 Market st. ; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
clothing; send postal. MORRIS. 870 Folsom.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing an!
theatrical goods. 154 9th «t. : teJ. Jeasla 2S31.
MONEY TOLOAS.
AAA— HEBXUM~*VSKPHT,
601-602-tS03 Examiner bull— (.
* Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property la truit,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly ec_td«at!_>
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos wlUxout
removal; to permanent salaried people oa
their note without security or knowledge of
employer; lowest rates; no commission. NA-
TIONAL CREDIT CO.. 63 and 63 Donchoa
building. 1170 Market st.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
niture, pianos cr to salaried peopla oa their
note; proper treatment guaranteed. ILLINOIS
TRUST CO.. r. 16. Phelan bid., tel. Main 704. (
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-nouses, without '
security; easy payments; largest business !a
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
2 per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
846 Market: tel. Main l«+4. Branch. 19 Third.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity ;$25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 28 Montgomery, rm. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Giant av»..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000
MONEY to loan on low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious »tone» bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth at.
NEW easy method— To wage-earners on unin-
dorsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity
Loan Company, rooms 43-43. Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security: en furni-
ture; Indorsed notes and other security. S. T.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos ; strict
privacy: no commission :lnstallment» accepted.
BON ELL I. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
ma S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 5GS Kearny.
OPEN Credit Ass'n. loans on salaries confiden-
tially : new. «i^P'fj2^J^^L^!i21l____!:
2% ON furniture & pianos: $15 up: no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 ilu-
tual Savings Bank bldg.. 703 Market st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loann money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bid.
CASH loaned salaried people on r.ote* without
indomer. MORELL. fQ!> F^camlnT hujld'.ng. ;
MONEY WANTED.
A— 5 PER CENT MONTHLY
On Investments of 1100 and upward: no "get-
rlch-qulck" »"3»lndle. turf speculation or gam-
bims scheme, but a reputable, established
business enterprise Jn San Francisco; cleared
$C7.000 Ust year on $100. 000 capital; stock
increased $20.CC0 to enlarge th« plant; call or
write for particulars.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Mark*t st.t
THE CALL
JOSS D. SPBECKEiS. Proprietor.
tuns immzim to JOE^KcSADSBT, Kaaaggr
Iff. J. MARTIN Business Manaser.
TELEPHONE.
A*k for THE CAUL. The Operator Will Con-
cert You With the Department You u U»>.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F-
Editorial Room* *.'17 to 221 Steventson »t.
Delivered by Carrier?. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5. Cents.
Terms b> Mall. Including Postage *Ca«h WUh
Orc>i>: „„ .,.
DAILY CALL nr.clud. Sundx-V 1 y*ar..$fe.OO
DAILY CALL (indue 1 . Sunday). 5 mo«.. *Sn
DAILY CALL — By Single Month •••"
PfNDAT CALL. 1 Yc-ar *-*\
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year • • ¦ •¦ sIIt*"
FOREIGN { §•££ *£S £ VZ ixt™
POSTAGE. \ gS5S£ , .ro Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mall subscribers In ordering cha rre of ad-
orer »hou!d be particular «° /"'« bc jjj..*i? .
AND OLD ADDRESS in oroer to Insure a
j.rorr.pt and corrat-t corarli»nc* * itn tnelr re '
qurct.
,11. Broa,wa°, AK^^Tri I e^one Main 1CS3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
21<S Center f tre«t Telephone rsorin t i
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CP.ANE 140C G Street. N. W.
NETV YORK NEWS STANDS: .
TVaHorf - Astoria Hotel; A. Bwntano 31
Union Square; Murray HUI Hotel; Fifth-ave-
nue Hotel and Hoffman Houge.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS: I
Fhenrar. Hcuse: P. O. New 9 Co.: Great
Voi-rhern Hotel: Tremcnt House; Auditorium,
Hote! ; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS...Marquette Build g
(Ler.g Distance Telephone. "Central 2619. )
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE :
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
ICEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Cquare
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Pan Francisco ,
Call, corner Market and Third streets: open,
ustll 12 o'clock even' n'.cht in rhs year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
err Montgomery etreet, comer Clay; open un-
UrO H«y« «reet: cpen until * p. m.
(X* McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
e:5 Larkln etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
C2H Market street, comer SU.eenth. open
urtl! P p. m.
10fi E>vnth street; open until Op. m.
lOPfi Valencia street: oren until 8 p. m.
Nertfc*E*t comer Church and Duncaa streets.
N^Ve?t tU c^e?" of Twenty - second and
Kfrtucky Ftreete: open until 9 p. ra.
22C0 FiHroore ttreet; cz#r\ until » p. m.
CIirRCU_SERVlCES.
FIR^T UniieJ Presbyterian Church, cor. Golden
«ate av. and Polk f=t— PreaohinK to-ir.orrow.
Sabbath, at 11 a. m. and 7:.*n v . m. by the j
pes-tnr. H. H. Bell. D.D. Morning theme, j
~fOT and Service." Evenir.c tbeme. "His
Birth." third In feries on "Life of Christ
Sabbath Bchoo'.. tt:45 a. m. C. E. BoctetlM •
et 5:'.O and 6:30 p. m. Strangers cordially)
invited to all t~r\icer. Pews free, rourteous i
uyh'TE Come and brir.c your friend*.
MEETING XOTICES. >|
CXN FKAXC1SCO Chapter No. 1. Royal «
Arch Mason? meets THIS <SATUR-VVf
DAY) EVENING at C o'clock sharp. /V\
R A Degree.
H. G. PRINCE. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE L<><l«e No. 30, F. and j»
A M^ — Officers and members will 'VTT
asgercble at Massnlc Temple SUN- /V\
DAY. Dec. 20. l»03. at 12:30 p. m..
to conduct the funeral of our late
brother. ENOCH FITHIAN WILLIAMS..
Master Masons and friends of deceawd re-
epectfu'.lv invited. By order of the W. M.
' EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M.. «
Masonic Temple, meets THIS EVEN- VV
ING. 7 o'clock, a D. /Y\
GEOKGE PENLINGTOX. Sec.
MEMBERS Brotherhood of Team- j^TSk
tters ar<> respectfully reQu«^tPi f, /ZSS#£-X
r.tt«:.<j special meetir.r SUNDAY, Rrffy
r»ec. 20. at the Alhambra Theater. yTyPy
Bring your due books with you.
Brotherhood of Teamsters Local No. S5 of
San Francisco. Cal.
GEO. W. DILLON, Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Nevada National Bank of ban Fran-
cisco. Cal.. will be held at its banking
heuee. SCI Montgomery street. San Fran- [
Cisco. Cal., on Tuesday. January 12, 1904.
at 3:15 p. m., for the election of directors
to serve during the ensuing year, and for
the transaction of rjcb other business aa
isay cone before the meeting.
GEORGE GRAirr. Sec.
Fan Francisco. Dec. 12. 1303.
ATTOItXEYS-AT-LAW.
W. H- BITTNER. '
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Fhcne Scuth "43.
Euite 222. Emma Spreckels buildlcg.
Divorces quietly and legally obtained for
tight causes: damages secured for injuries to
person or estate; replevins for property un-
lawfully detained; attachments and garnish-
ment* for debts; bonds furnished; bankruptcy'
pr&ceedlsgs; wills probated; estates settled ;
collections made In all parts cf the U. 8.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a. irr.all fee.
£ee tot and save money: no pay in advance.
G. W. HOWE, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
EctabMched 22 yr«. ; rms. I. 2. 3. 4 & 5. 1st fl.
2122 Market st., betweea Mason and Taylor.
Advice free, all matters. Detectives employed.
ft. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law, Exam, bldg.,
fth floor, entrance room till; established 20
years: all ccses; general court and office
practice; no fee In advance or for consulta-
tion : evenings by appointment. Te'. R*d 3001.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost la meritort-
cus cases, divorcee, probate and all other law
caces: r.o fees in advance; open every eveo-
lcr- J. M. THURSTON. S19 Market »t.. r. 31.
________
Columbian Law and Collection Agenry.
Room P5. 31C Market «t.; tel. John C226.
DIVORCE costs S12: open evenings: tenant!
e<ect»d. J*. 916 Market. r.C2;phone Black C81.
DIVORCE: — Costs, J12; quick, quiet; advice
free: cpen evenings. 927 Market <rt... r. 3CI.
L. (?. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
k*t St.: consultation free: no fe»r la advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
<.i* business, w. W. Davidson. 027 Market.
niRDS, DOGS. ETC.
WARBLING canaries, talking parrots; all
kinds cf sons and fancy birds: goldfish, seed
r&gee. etc. Give us a trial; we will pleas*
ycu. 1548 Market st. ;. .
PO AltDI XG FOR CHILDREN.
LADY wants a child to board. \Z'l Newman
tt.. Holly Park. •
ni'SftfESS CHANCES.
STRA N^E^SpATTENTl XJN~? ~~~
Are you looking for a t>afe and profitable bus-
ine»s opening in San Francisco? If bo. we can
offer you any nun.ber lequir.n* an Investment
frcra $100 to *.5C.0u<): every business oppoi-
tunity that passes through our office must
stand the closest investigation, and we can ,
place you in a store, factory, hotel, mill, of-
fice, or. In fact, any business you may prefer;
kindly call and in\-estlgate.«
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO.,
Suit 221. Emma fepreckels building.
A— 5 PER CENT MONTHLY.
On Investments of $100 and upward; «o "get-
rich-quick" swindle, turf speculation cr gam-
fcling scheme, but a reputable, established '
business enterprise in San Francisco: cleared '
?t'7.000 lact year on $100,000 capital; stock
Increased $20.<XW to enlarge the plant; call or
write for particulars.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 827 Market st.
A— MERCHANTS. ATTENTION.
IX, you wish to enlarge your business, or do '
you deeire additional capital? If so. we can'
furulsh you with an active or silent partner
who will Invest from $100 to $50,000; we
ha -e a large number of desirable applicants
on our bockv seeking good business openings.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit 321, Emma Spreckels building.
$430 — PARTNER: established busln'ea, pay-
ing about $2000 annually; inrcsticate. Box
4SS7, Call.
FOR sale — Ix-ntaJ practice, established 9 yeans.
instruments and furnished house of 7 rooms,
__»l0fi0; or dental practice $500. Box 4862, Call.
6ALOON tn wholesale district: muet be Bold
on aocnunt of sickness • of proprietor: rent
reasonable; pood rectintt: closes at 0 p. tn.
Box Cltt. Cil office.
•' i
A " VERY ATTRACTIVE SALT AND PEPPER SHAKER Ml
ri.AmVOYAXT"! r«n«ln—.l.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1101 Market
St., ccr. Turk; private readings daily, 10 a.
.. m. to 5 p. m.; reading* by mail as satisfac-
tory as in person; .'t questions answered, $1:
full life. J5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; dont send currency; send postofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MRS. A. H. KRONENBERG. palanlst,\ clalr-
vcyant. card -reader; when others fail try me; I
good reading 10c. 721 Frankiin, nr. G. G. ave.
OLDEST lady palm'st and card reader In city.
2tt% Kearny. room 20; ladles, 25c, gents 50c.
MISS 7.EMDAR. young Rifted clalr. and palm.;
names; L. 50c, G. $1. 714 Franklin, nr.G.G.ave. j
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tlngs datly. 44SVj JessJe at., bet. 5th and (ith.
CABPKT DKATIXC AXD CLEAX1XG.
AIR now universally used in cleaning carpets
on floor, without removal; price moderate.
S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co., Call
building. Phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 355-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
TRY Hopke Bros.; carpet beating; mattresses
made over. 1482 Howard: tel. South 216.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1800 Har-
rieor. st.; Al cleaning; 3c; tel. Mission 223.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Rutter St.:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating work*: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mlreion 203.
CONKLIN'S Superlqr Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
COLLKCTIOX OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections mads;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms »-10: tel. B5Sfl.
CREDIT CLOTHIEIIS.
c?~f. ada ais~ca
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole family from hats to
shoes; everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. 318 Mason st. ¦
BL'Y your euits and overcoats at LICHTEN-
STEIN BROS.; 25 Stockton St.. on small
weekly payments: goods delivered on first
payment.
i CURES BUPTUBE.
WHO DOES IT? HUNTER. 1200 Market at.
Send for circular. Why will you suffer?
~ DEXTISTS.
DR. GHUSS, 504-5-6 Callaghan bldg.. Market
and McAllister sts.. uses the Basford Obtun-
der, the only device ever invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call *t office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, rr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c: gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs; £town. 53 50; fillings. SOc:
plate*. $5: full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
X! ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon dentist,
room 14. Phelan building. San Franclfco.
PARIS Dentnl Parlors 233 Kearny. cor. Bush —
get teeth $1 50 up; crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings. 7. r >c; silver. 35c: crowns. $2; no
¦ pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
WESTERN Detective Agency attends to all
legitimate detective work, civil and criminal,
nhadowlns. Investigations, private informa-
tion; charges reasonable. Parrott bldg.. room
4i;5. Telephone Howard 2551.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure; eve.class. 1019 Mrkt.
EDUCATIONAL^
CALIFORNIA Business College will move the
first of the year to Us new home. 800-825
Golden Gate ave., occupying 18,000 square
feet, the entire top floor of the new and spe-
cially fitted building of the Pioneer Automo-
bile Co.. delightfully located opposite Jeffer-
son Square. Every modern idea looking to
the health, comfort and best advancement of
our students will be Incorporated. All de-
partments are to be reorganized and refur-
nish'.d throughout. When occupied It will be
the largest, finest and most complete business
college west of Chicago.
Write at once for our 75-page Illustrated
catalogue, telling all about our special 23 per
cent removal discount rates.
Address 300 La r kin st. for the present.
ALWAYS the best— We are enlarging our
quarters 60 per cent; other schools are mov-
ing further out to secure cheap rent; our lo-
cation is central, among the business houses,
giving advantages in securing positions, also
convenient car service: experienced business
men as teachers; actual business bookkeep-
ing; Gregg shorthand (used In half the
schools in America); typewriter at home
lree. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 123C Market st.
AYRES, the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket st. : established 18 years; life scholar-
ship, $.10: bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typ-
ing, arithmetic, spelling, etc.; positions se-
cured; the college refurnished with new
typewriters and furniture Jan. L Catalogue
free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST, S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln st.
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; Individual ln-
stniitlcn. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season. -
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, lay and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor: day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
THE PAUL GERSON School of Acting, the
foremost institution of the kind In the entire
West: 12 teachers: send for catalogue. Na-
. tlve Sons' bldg.. 414 Mason «t.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrielty.24 Post
ft., S. F. : a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
15ANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs.. Teutcnla Hall. Howard St., nr.
flth. Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. min.. mech., sur-
vey. asF.iy, cyanide: day. ev. ; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalller. School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission. nr.Cth.
EMPI.OYMEXT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chine3e employment office; fur-
nlshea best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. • 420 Powell. Tel. Main 6752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 1C8; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce: all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 618^
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411% O'Farrell: tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1007. BRADLEY & CO.. 040 Clay.
EMPLOYMEXT AVAXTED— FEMALE. ;
GOVERNESS wishes position ; thorough, expert,
enced t«acher and musician: piano, voice cul-
ture, German. English branches, literature;
terms $30; references; country preferred. Box
4894. Call office. . ' ¦
EASTERN woman, elderly, neat, reliable, plain
cook and laundress, fond of children, wishes
position: wares $10 to $15; references.- Box
4S10, Call office.
WANTED — Light housework for young girl
• needing fpeclal care: references required." Ap-
ply Associated Charities, CQ6 Montgomery st.
A MIDDLE-AGED person wishes a situation
for light housework. Call at 31 Fulton st.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman wishes
working housekeeper's position: good work,
neat and reliable. MRS. FAIRBANKS, Co-
tatl, Sonoma Co. . ¦¦
EXPERT stenographer desires' high-class po-.
sltton. Box 3104. Call.
STRONG young girl wants place, goo/1 family,
to do housework. Inquire 214 Austin ave.'
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and . subscriptions taken for i The
' Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMEXT WAXTED— MALE. '
MAN wants a position on private place; can
. take care of horses jnd other stock; bandy
with tools. Box 4SS6, Call office.
fll'SIXRSS CHANCES — Conllunrrt. I
R G. WILKE, Heal . Estate and Business
Agent <cnab;:she<l 14 years). Wi Kearay
n., rooms U and 10.
A— 51CIK) COFFEE raioon and restaurant on
the water front, dune, to Market K.J dally j
receipts about *C5; business clearing $W0
per month; trial given; a sp'.tndld ofier; in-
vestigate at once. See It. O. WILKE, 2b*2 .
Kearny st.
A — $3.*00; HOTEL and barroom with 30 rooms,
in 1'oint Richmond: rrnt $11)0; rooms always
occupied by employes of railroad and fctand-
ard Oil Company: board bill guaranteed by
company; owner never cleans l«Si than $300
per month. Call K. G. WILKE. 2tiH Kear-
r.y £t.
A— flSOO; HALF interest in one of . *he best
corner «aloons on ' water front; lease; dU-
egreement of partners cause of 6ale; will
sell whole for J34UO. Call R. G. WILKE.
-<ihi Ktarny st.
A— $1250; CORNER ealoon on Fourth «.. close
to S. P. freight ehede: S furnished rooms
and kitchen; a Rood paying business. S;e
It. G. WILKE, 204 Kearny Et.
A— $S00; DAIRY produce and delicatessen
store; rent $22: business clears above $100
per month; living rooms; value in sight.
Call R. G.. WILKE, 20Vi Kearny st.
A — $1200; COFFEE saloon and bakery: elope to
J'helan building; a good paying busin«ss.
but must be sacrificed en account of owner
boins sick in hospital. Particulars, R. G.
WILKE. SO 1 ;, Kearny Bt.
A WHOLESALE anjj retail butcher business
In Monterey County, with 5 acres of land,
dwelling house, slaughter hoi:*;, shop fix-
tures. bol>r. tank, etc.; S horses, wagons i
and a well fstahlished trade; this is a nrst- j
class buslneitn proposition. All particulars,
R. G. WILKE. 2«>i Kearny £t.
A— $;:5(i0; CORNER ealoon. about 1 block south
of Chronicle lil<3g. : established y&irs and a
first-clats paying place; fullest Investigation
solicited; this is a very rare chance. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2UV4 Kearny et.
A— $3C0ii; GENERAL merchandise store about
CO rr.ile? from this cily; a* well-established
and flryt-class paying business; yearly tales
about $i:>.o00; all cash trade: a very rare
chance. Particulars, R. G. WILKE, 26>4
Kearny St.
A— $25C0; DELICATESSEN store with lunch-
rcom: rent $20; a good paying business;
large ttcck; owner clears at least above ex-
penses $125 per month; sickness only cause of
sale. R. G. WILKE. 20Vi Kearny st.
LISTEN: To a man with brains,
enerpy and decision who has from
&I5.000 to $75,000 to Invest, I ran
offer a proposition of unusual
merit; money can be invested In
Installments, as work proceeds;
every cent to be handled exclu-
sively by investor, and full and
absolute security given for Fame:
all expenses incidental to fullest
investigation paid by me; unless
you mean business and are will-
ing to act at once please don't
answer. Box 4S14. Call.
WANTED — Right now, a promoter
with strong financial connections;
no ding-dong nor peek-a-boo, man
need aj'ply; references Box 3242,
Call.
WANTED — To buy from owner, good Euro-
pean hotel or rooming-house 75 to lOu rooms;
modern; must stand investigation. Address
bcx 4S13, Call office.
i A— WORKINGMAN'S bcardlng-houM: good lo-
cation; low rent; steady boarders; no agentb.
Box £SC3. Call office.
I HAVE $2000 or more to invest with parties
with equal amount in bookmaklng at 'Frisco.
Address bcx 319O. Call office.
HAVE you anything to sell or money to Invest?
Write us for particulars; agents everywhere.
Altadena Investmfnt Syndicate, 70S Market
st., San Francisco. Cal.
FOR rale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located In Cal.; assays $4» to $70 ton; trado
for r*ni'ir house or business. Cameron.3 Eddy.
FOR tale — Best little restaurant In city; rent
$45; central; receipts $35 to $10 day; must
leave town: price $1200 CAMERON, 3 Eddy.
WANTED— Partner with $200 In theatrical
company. Bcx 3191, Call office.
LODGI.VG-HOl'SES FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO.. Phone 1050.
3 Edjy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rcomtng-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
23 T.: near Market; lease; $600 down.. $2230
00 r. ; rent $300: Market: clears $300 mo. 3000
7 r.; Van Ness; rent $22 60; home 225
20 r.; new mod., elegantly furnished.. 2500
11 r.; rent $00; new; fine fur.; clears $47 850
9 r. : Ellis: rent $35: fine home: snap... 550
CS r.; cheap rent; clears $300 to $400.. 8500
30 r. : rent $95; good fur.; clears $IO(». . 2000
12 r. ; rert $40; close in; well furnished.. flOO
8 t. : up. fiat: everything mod.; departure 7S0
3 r. : rent $20; cor. flat; Leav.: snap — . 225
20 r.; new house; furniture; clears $S0. 2500
8 r.; rents $.">0; modern; finely furnished 500
22 r.; rent $80: lease; clears $100 1700
11 r. ; F.diy; rer.t $M;well fur. :clears $3S 750
SI r. ; fine: downtown; makes big money 3200
8 r. : rent $42: modem flat; elegant fur.. 400
14 r.; rent $75; oaK fur.; good carpets.. 900
12 r.: cloee Jn: well furnished: bargain. 1100
17 r. ; downtown; always full: clears $115 ltJOO
8 r. : close In; golden oak; moquet car-
I>ets. h«lr mattresses; cost }K>00; In-,
come $CS: snap 000
7 r.; rent ItO; middle flat: oak fur 350
21 r.; rent $S3;well fur. ;lease;clears $100 1700
14 r.: cheap rent: good fur.; snap " D00
11 r. ; rent $40; newly renov. ; clear $43. 500
17 r.; central: Post; part cash 1100
44 r. : rent $44; big money-maker 2000
25 r. : rent $70: oak fur.: leaving city... 1350
&0 r. : new, mod. building: elegantly fur.;
central; long lease; must be sold; offer
wanted
10 r. : mod. flat: elegant fur.; clears $54;
cost $2200; will sacrifice; must leave
city
S r. ; flat: rent $40; mod.; clears $45;
departure 450
FOR BALK— A BOARDING-HOUSE; MEDIUM
FIZE: ELEGANTLY FURNISHED; LOCA-
TION BEST IN THE CITY: LEASE;
OWNER LEAVING TOWN. LOX 2853.
CALL OFFICE.
A — $3000: PRIVATE boarding-house, with 40
elegantly furnirhed rooms, on Van Ness avs.;
! rooms always occupied and flrst-claas patron-
age. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
FOR sale— Modern 8-room flat; central: two
months furnished: $300 down, balance $25
per month; obliged to leave city; snap.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
SPIRITUALISM.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writing p.nd clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy St.. nr. Octavla; phone Scott 8S7.
MEDIUM, card reader; ladies only; readings
25c up. 412»4 Tehama St.. bet. Sth and 6th.
Beer Egyptian. Hindoo occult; reads daily: cir-
cles Wed.. Fri., Sun.. 8 p.m.; 10c. 540 Ellis st.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally,
0:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
clairvovaxts.
a^pauiTdestine.-
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
Read Carefully. An Honest Proposition. X
No Charge No Charge
Unless you cbtain the ln/ormatlon for which
you consult me.
1 do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fail to tell your name, oc-
cupetion and what you called for; I promise to
tell you If husband, wife or sweetheart Is true
or false; tell who and when you will marry; in
fact, I will tell e\ery hope, fear or ambition
better than you can tell yourself; I reunite the
separated, restore lost affections, cause speedy
and happy marriage, give . you good luck, re-
store lcet energy; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. : Sun. 2-6.'
326 O'Farrcll st.; low fee this week— $1. $1, $1.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; if you are In trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied with life, or have
domestic, love or business troubles, consult
this great medium and you will be told how
to overcome them; valuable advioe In all af-
fairs of life; 25c up: satisfaction guaranteed;
readings by mall. Tel. Black 4569. ,
A LIVOR"Na
The World-Renowned Palmist '
And Crystal Gazer.
, 34 Kearay st., over Hammersmith & Field's;
see portrait of Mme. Llvorno . and original
testimonials from distinguished people at. en-
trance; 3 questions by mail. $1. Send month
and year of birth.
MME. VEINA, wonderful trance medium and
card reader: just returned from long' ab-
sence. 406 Geary st.. near Mason, room 1.
A — Mme; Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th St., near Market.
MISS .WARD, removed to 917 Market, rs. 11-12.
gives names, dates and facts. Hours 11 to 9 pm.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved frsro 133 Cth to 23 J£ 6th; la. 25c, g. BOc.
PLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take td van tags of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 249-23U Geary
u.. on the square.
ALL of the most desirable flats and bouses are
-listed In our renting department; let us give
you a list and help you find one In the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY, 1039 Market «t.; services abso-
lutely free.
GREEN. 1872 — New sunny flats, -7 rooms;
rents $40.
MCALLISTER. 1000. near park— Sunny lower
flat, 3 rooms: rent $11.
F1XAXCIAL.
DON'T INVEST
Until you get our list of stocks paying divi-
dends or with assured earnings. I We handle
mining, oil. Industrial, bank and loan com-
pany shares.'
If you have any stock for sale send us your
list and prices. We have the buyers. If you
are In the market to buy, write or wire for
our quotations.
WATT & COWPERTHWAITE. Bankers
•»nd Brokers, Stockton.
A— 5 PEK CENT MONTHLY
On Investments of 5100 and upward; no "get-
rich-qulck" swindle, turf speculation or gam-
bling scheme, but a reputable, established
business enterprise In San Francisco; cleared
$«7.000 last year on $100,000 capital; stock
increased $20,000 to enlarge the plant; call or.
write for particulars.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market «t.
COMPANIES Incorporated, financed and stock
floated. W. H. BITTNER, Lawyer and Fl-
nanclal Agent, 322 Emma Spreckels bldg.
FURNITURE WANTED. ;
A — Highest price paid. for fur., carpets, etc. Mrs.
, T. B. Selby. Equitable Fur. Co.. 812 Larkln.
HIGHEST prices for •furniture and mdse. L. II.
BURD. auctioneer, 1818 Mkt. ;tel. Howard 2756.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462,
buy*, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HELP "WANTED— FEMALE. _
WANTED — A lady to travel for an old estab-
lished house of bolid financial standing; good
salary and expenses weekly; expenses ad-
"', vaneed; pleasant work; new line; good refer-
ences and security required. Address box 271,
Sacramento, Cal.
A— WANTED — Girls to learn hairdreeslng.
. manicuring, etc.: trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school in
West. .233 Geary st.. room 13.
A — Girls to learn- millinery now for spring sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finish
in 1 month for $10; positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc.', guaranteed at $10 per wit. up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St., r. 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches halrdressing
trade; ; menlcurlng, massage,' etc. ' 1236 , Mar-
ket St., cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call..
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. . LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES, 32H FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION, NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WANTED — Experienced . saleswomen. Apply
..between 0 and ll'a. ,m. at HALE BROS."
A YOUNG girl to learn dressmaking at MRS*
NELSON'S. 1017 Geary st.
A WOMAN with one child for general house-
work; wages $15; see party here early In the
morning., MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter st.,
near Powell. :
WANTED — Experienced - wrappers. Apply bet.
0 and 10 a. m.. I. MAGNIN & Co., 43-53
Ellis st.
PIANO player for saloon. 905 Kearny st.
A ' STRONG/- energetic woman between 40 and
50,~ without encumbrances, who can leave
. city. Box 4S22, Call.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
WOULD like a permanent position in capacity
of clerk; can Klve best of references: former-
ly assistant purchasing agent for large East-
ern packing company. Box 4800, Call.
EXPERIENCED boy of 18 would like a posi-
tion as wazon driver: knows streets well.
Address W. R., 1314 Jackson st.
YOUNG man not afraid of work; 4 years' ex-
perience as grocery clerk, with good recom-
mendations. Box 4Sl>2, Call. -
WANTED — Position as foreman or manager
of ranch; 10 years In last place. W. S. M.,
box 48*4, Call office.
WANT position in butter or cheeBe factory;
15 years' experience In New York State.
Address box 4tS8. Call.
FIRST-CLASS Northern barber wants first-
class Job: state wages. Address E. S., box
4S10, Call.
A YOUNG carpenter wants work for some
company. Box 18. 1009 Market st.
WANTED — Poslticn by respectable man as
night clerk or barkeeper. Box 4S15, Call.
WANTED— A position as night cashier; refer-
ences given. Bcx 4831. Call office.
A POSITION wanted; easy work. Box 4830,
Call office. .
FIRST-CLASS electrician with torn* technical
training and 0 years' experience In electrlo
light and power plant (alternating and direct)
and all renair*. desires position In city or
country; letters of recommendation. Box
4817. Call office.
BARBER desires a position for evenings and
Saturday (Sun.). 1410 Larkln et.. nr. Califor-
nia. Call before 9 a. m. and after 4. p. m. ex-
cept Sun.
CARPENTER, work direct from owners, $3
day or contract, by reliable carpenter; get
my address. Box 4821.. Call.
FIRST and second cook wish positions In min-
ing boarding-house or camps. 312 Jessie tit.
BARTENDER— Young man, night or day. Box
4S20. Call office. ___
A NEAT, reliable Japanese would like a posi-
tion as schoolboy: speaks good English; thor-
oughly "understands housework and cooking.
WAD A, 1410 Pine st.
JAPANESE h'gh school student wants position
as schoolboy: $2 per week. Address by letter
or call on H. MOTO, 80T Polk st.
ANY kind of Job from 0 a. m. to 4 p. m., by a
- Japat.eso business school student during va-
¦ cation. JOE HOSAKA, 607 Polk Bt.
YOUNG Chinaman wishes position as cook.
AH SING. 021 Pupo.pt 'at.
JAPANESE boy wants a position as school-
boy. MOROWOKA, Nako Hotel. 600 Bush.
BRIGHT Japanese boy wants a situation as
schoolboy. .Box 4825, Cal). '
JAPANASE boy wants a position at housework;
plain cook, 121 Haight st. K. IMAI.
EXPERT OPTICIAN^
are far su-
perior to all others for reading, working or
distance, weak eyee, poor sight, headache,
dizziness, . nervousness, • cloudiness ¦ of , vision,
, floating spots, pain in or about the eyes, bo-
hind the head or in the temples, sore or In-
flamed eyes or eyelids, watery. Itching, smart-
ing, twitching, scratching -eyes, crost eyes,
gluey, crusty or heavy eyelids and many
other eye troubles. . Mayerle's , glasses are
used 'by the highest United States army, navy
and Government officials and most eminent
clergymen.. : educators, ¦ doetors, lawyers and
men who appreciate the soothing and strength-
ening effect of these • glasses. GEORGE
MAYERLE'S {EYEGLASSES make an «x-
, cellent Xmas nift: nent by express; can be
tried before -paying charges:- German - eye-
water. fiOc, by. mail 62c. . GEORGE MAT-
• ERLE, GERMAN EXPERT OPTICIAN, 1071
Market st. . - T ; ,* :
¦ ¦' gACIA!. — ASBACHS. -
A— WRINKLES removed: fine complexion guar-
anteed, new method: SOc. : M.. LUTON. mant-
curlng parlors. 764 Larkln st.: phone Polk 17.
FLATS yony SALE— FPRXISHED.
FOR i Eale— Big bargain; ,7 ' rooms', .swell ; fur-
' nished. Sat. and . Sun... after ¦ 10, ¦ S07 Van
Is* ess " ave. ; several - rented. ' i .
.¦;::. ;::...;.:.¦ A.--:
To 'Want Advertisers
7— A HANDSOME NICKEL-PLATED -|
Salt and Pepper Shaker
(Neatly Boxed) »
This is an attractive and useful Novelty of
handsome appearance, highly nickel-plated and
made with a very pretty celluloid band, and will
be four.d quite useful for picnics and outdoor
parties, traveling, etc. These articles are packed
in a neat little box and will be found to be a
most desirable household utility. .
Offered Free as a Premium to
Sunday Ca91 Want Advertisers,
only, and can be obtained in no
other way : : ::'::::
Bring your little Want Ad. to THE CALL
Business Office, Third and Market Streets; 1008
'Market Street, City, and to THE CALL Branch
at 1 1 18 Broadway, Oakland, and get one of these
useful premiums absolutely free.
THIS, OFFER OPENS FRIDAY MORN-
ING AND CLOSES SATURDAY NIGHT AT
10 O'CLOCK SHARP.
I In these columns you can sell your
I wares and gain your wantsCentral Point Con 65 ....
Chicago Crude W
Clarfcmont . . ; 30 ....
Eoperanza 1 50 . ....
Four 67
Fulton I -i 50
Giant .... 20
Hanford 135 (>0 :*iA
[ Home 87% 1 «> .
Imperial 19 00
Independence •. •». 15
Junction ' • ¦"!»
Kern i 4 50 4 75
Kern River WC8
Lion 02
Monarch (of Arizona) 42
Monte Crlsto w .0
Occidental of W V». 18
Oil City Petroleum 26 ,~iz .
Peerless M CO
Plttsburg 20
Reed Crude
S"F & McKlttrick 3 25.
San Joaquin O & D 4 00 .„.
Senator • • • ••_• '•»
Sovereign 3« *°
Sterling 2 «J 2 JO
Superior «5 07
Thirty-three 7 CO .60
Toltec •• 20
Twenty-eight" 4 2*
West Shore 2 00
I Miscellaneous —
Abby Lar.rt & Imp 1 a<>
Alameda Sugar ••••
American Biscuit -•--
American District Tel
Cal Gas & Electric Corp... .... ••-•
California Cotton Mills .... S9 00 85 00
California' Jockey Club ., ••••
California Shipping Company 26 00
Cal Title Ins & Trust ••¦.
Central Bank of Oakland .".«?
Chutes Company -• • ••» .
Cypress Lawn Imp Co « •«•
Fischer's Theater 2 00,
Gas Consumers' Assn ...... ¦¦-.
Honolulu Sugar 12 00 ....
Northern California Power. $ CO » CO
North Shore Railroad .... ,;•".,
Orpheum Company 15 3«"-i
Pacific States Tel A Tel.. ....
Parafflne Paint 35 00 < ....
San Francisco Dry Dock... ....
Sanitary Reduction Works.. 1 »0 ....
Sausallto Land * Ferry
Spcrry Flour Company ....
Standard Electric •••• ••••
Tesla Cpal Company 25 00 JO ou
Truckee Electric "... •••• •••¦
Union Sugar •••<
United Gas & Electric ....
SALES.
Morning Session.
"Board —
1000 Occidental IT.;
1C0 Home, s 00 •• <Mi
500 Monarch, s 30 40
Street—
1S0O Four Oil 6i
300 West Shore 3 0O
31SO Marlcopa 10 '
75 Fischer's - - 12 H
Afternoon Setslon.
Board—
100 Home, b 10 ..' 1 00
100 Associated I" .
50Q Toltec . 19
\ Mining Stocks^
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Slock and Exchange board y«st«rday:
Morning Session.
1C0 Caledonia ... 70' 400 Overman 21
"CO Gould & Cur. 34 100 Union Con -. . 48
100 'Gould & Cur. 33 200 Union Con . . 5O
2OO Gould & Cur. 32 2C0 Yellow Jacket 20
200 Ophir 2 00
Afternoon Session, j
200 Andes 17 200/Hale & Norc. 45
100 Caledonia ... «9 HV) Mexican 110
200 Challenge Con 10 200 Union Con . . 4S
fiOO Con C & Va.l 10 200 Yellow Jacket 20
' SCO Gould & Cur. S2
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
2W> \ndes . . .' 18' 200 Mexican . 1 f>5
200 Andes T. . 17' 4CO Qphlr • 2^5
10O Con .C & Va.l 05; 200 Potosi IS
200 Gould A Cur. 33: 500 Silver Hill . . 75
Afternoon Session.
100 Con C *.Va.l C5 200 Mexican ...1 07*4
200 Crown Point. 16 200 Potosi ....... 18
200 Gould & Cur. 33 300 Union Con .. 48
100 Hale & Norc. 45
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE. v
Followlpg w»re the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Ton Midway'.. 50 &00 Ton N Star.. 36
5C0Ton Midway.. KS SCO Ton N Star.. 35
500 Ton Midway. . 51
Afternoon Session.
200 Esperanza ... 10 1000 Rescue .' 08
50O Mont Ton ...1 30 100 Ton Midway... 51
200 Mont Ton .1 37H l$0 Ton Midway.. 53
1000 Mont Ton ...1 25 100 Ton Midway.. 52
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. Dec. 18 — 1 p. m.
Btd.Ask.i " Bid.A»k.
Aloha ; 03 04 Justice C$. 09
Aifa 02 03 Kentuck" 03 04
"Andes '! 16 1« Keyea Graes. — 1 75
Belcher .... 20 22 Lady Wash.. — C2
Best A Belch.l 05 2 10 Mexican 1 05 1 lp
Bullion Oft 07 Occidental .. 38 41
Caledonia ... 69 70Ophlr... 2 05 2 10
Challenge Con 18 20 Overman .... 20 22
Chollar -r. ¦ • .•• ' 10 20 Potosi 17 If)
Confidence ... «5 75 1 Savage ...... 36 38
Con C A. Va.l 05 1 15 Scorpion 01 02
Con Imperial. 02 03 Seg Belcher..' 06 07
Con N YV. 11 V 12 Sierra Nev . . 48 50
'Crown Point. 15 17 Silver Hill ..75 70
Eureka Con.. — 5.0 St LouU . . . . 12 16
Exchequer .. 15 IK Syndicate .... 04 C«
Gould & Cur. 32 33 "Hnlon Con . . 4S 40
Hale & Norc. 44 47 Utah 08 10
juHa. 03 05 Yellow Jacket 20 21
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. * Bid. Ask.'
Gipsy Queen.. — 50 Ton & Cal... — 22
MacNama'ra . C9 — Ton of Nev.5 75 6 50
Mont Tonl 22% 1 27Va Ton N Star.. 35 «S
Paymaster ..05 — Ton Midway.. 61 P5
Rescue .08 — Ton & S Lake . .• BO
Ton , Belmon.t. 76 79 United Ton ... 09 12
Contlnwed From Page thirteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Morris and Emma Siminoft to Agathe *L. VII
legla Mot on SE corner of Golden Gate avenue
and Franklin street. E S5 by S 125; $10.
"William A. Field to Anna C. Field, lot on N
line of Haye's street. 100 W of Franklin, W 25
by X 120: gift.
City and County of San Francisco to William
A. and Anna C. Field, lot *n X line of Hayes
street. 120 W of Franklin, W-25 by N- 120;
Josephine and William Burgess- to Louisa
Reubold. lot on N line of Page street. 83:<$' E
Of Gough, E 27:6 by "X 60; $10.
Louisa and Michael Keubold to Josephine
Burgess, lot ion S line of Lily avenue, £2:6 E
of Gough street. E 27:6 v by S 60; $10.
Charles 8. Maguireto Marion A. Maguire
(trustee). Alice R. Maguire and W. Maguire. lot
on NW corner Ha ye* and Gough streets. • W. 2ts
by N 90. second party releasing all claim upon
estate of. Owen Maculrc; $10.
City and County of. San Francisco to A. S.
Baldwin, .lot on S line of ."Washington, street.
70:10 E of Buchanan. E 33:4 by S 1Q0; $— — ; '
Edward B. Coombs to Roberto Bianuccl. lot
on S Hoe of McAllister street, 50:3 W of Lyon.
W 25 by S 100: $10. ;
Mary A. 'and Eugene N. Friti'to Andrew F.
KEAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
MacFarland. lot on. W line of Masonic avenue, '
36$:2 9 of Frederick street. S 8:7H. SE Ti de
grees W minutes — i:SV SW 113:24, N 61
degrees 4 minutes — W:10Vi. E 1C«: $10.
Francis D. Griffin to John E. and Martha
Andersen. lot on N line of Twenty-second
street. 130 W of Xoe, W 25 by X 114: $10.
Estate of James W. Murphy (by Peter U Mc-
Clure. executor) to Xellie Bond, lot on XE cor
ner of Twenty-fourth and Bartiett streets, E
4S:B by X «l:5>i: $7750.
A. M. 'and Anna d£ Sol la to Cora and Etta
Saumlcrs. lot on S lln<» 'A Twenty-fourth street.
«V>:lt-Bof-Voe. E 24:10^ by S ll*:$ln- .. f.
Davide or David Garibaldi and Carlotti Gari
ba!di to Parma Cornel! i and Glosjnpe Dirvello.
lot on W lln<» of Vr.rennes street. 77:H X of
Union. X 20 by W «O; .*u>.
John and Annie Burke' to Herbert E. Robin
son, lot on SE Mne o' Howard street, 155 S\Y
01 First. SW 25 by SE S3; $10.
> Jam«g J. Chittick to Johnson Chtttick. lot
i on SW line of Russ street. 1 H> NW of Folsom.
XW 40 by SW lfiO (life estat*): grant.
Hannah Keesing to Bianda Lundberg. let on
E line of Hampshire street. 81 :B S of Xine
teenth. S 25 by B 1»H); *IO.
Blanda Lundberg to Christopher and Katie
M'ink. same; $10.
Real Estat? and Development Company to
Howard B. Kramer, lot on \V Hoe of Cor\
nectJcut street, 125 X of Twentieth, X 25 by
W ICO; grant.
J. Frank. Marea and George A. Walters to
Hugo K. Afher. lot on W line of Thirty-eighth
avenue. 230 S of Clement street, ti Zv by VV
120; $10.
Robert Ervlne (by F. W. and A. F. Br^l«f*.
trustees) to Thomas Penlingtpn. KCr) D. 3T.5.
E line of Party-fourth avenue. U7:2 N -of
! Cliff avenue. X 25 by E 120 (trustees' deedi:
! $315.
Lida M. Staoles to Inez E. Crawford. !ot on
! E line of Forty-fifth avenue. 210 S of I street,
S C5 by E l^t; $10.
John Andrews Jones Estate Company to B.
J. and C. B Doran. lot on W line of FortjJ
el^hth avenue. 1C0 S of I street. S 23 by W
120; $10.
Joseph Deacon (by F. W. and A. F. F.ridga.
trustees) to Thomas Penllngton, 103O D. 453.
W line of Thirteenth avenue. 211 E of J street.
SW 00:5. SE 171:10. XE 71:10. X 172:10
(trustees* deed): $1750.
I.ida M- Staples to Inea E. CrawfonT. lot on
W line of Twenty-sixth avenue. ICO S of R
street S 50 by W 1C0; S10.
Sams to same, lot en S line of T «'*'»•
67:6 W of Thirty-ninth avenue, V»" 50 by S
100; also lot on NW corner of V street and
Fortieth avenue. E 57:« fey X lf>0: $10.
Oscar Heyman to Daniel J. Kellv. lot on \V
line of Sanchez «*-eft. 231:8 S of Thirtieth., p
2«:8 by W 125. block 25. Fairmount: $10. ..
Thomas and Ellen Rocney to M. Howe, lots
26 to 30, block 1». I^ikeview; $10.
P. B. Fernandez to O. Scribner. lot on S>V
line of Belmoat street, C17.3B SE of Suns«t.
SE 3" 54. SE 23.17. SW 113.54. XW S. NE
105.63, lots 2a to 81, block G, Sunset Height*;
Thomas J. Weaver 'to J. T. Bloorr.fletrf. lot
on SE line of Evatt street. 24a SW of Visita
cion. SW 30 by SE **. lot 44, Vlsltacion Val
ley; $10 * '
Luc Beaudln to same, lots 6, 0 to 13. block
4, Sunnyvale; $10.
W. H. Morgan to name, lot 8. block 4. Sun
nyvale Homestead: StO.
James T. or J. T. Bloomfleld to Manila
Hemp and Cordase Company. lot commencing
2 IS S of Vlsitacion avenue and £1B E of
Milliken street. S 2RB:»5. E 105:* X 157:S, E
W5:S. X 30:5, W 100:8. >» 33:5. W 37:8. N
30. W 6S: $10.
J T Bloomfleld to game, lot on SW line of
VUitacion avenue, 81$ 'SE of Milliken ttreet.
SE f-8 bv SW- 27S; $10.
Joha Puekhaber to Meta Puckhaber. ! lot «n
SW comer of Fifteenth avenue and P etreet.
XW 5O by SW 92:6. block 3C5. ON". A H.
Tract; gift.
William E. Fett to Teresa I. Fett. lot on
E line of South Broderick street. 140:3* t S of
Thirteenth, S 27 by E 100; gift.
Alameda County.
Thomas and Annie Hart to William J. Avan.
lot* 31 and J2. map of Piedmont Vl",la Tract,
portion of plai 19. Rancho V. and D Peralta.
«tc. Oakland: $10.
Helen M. fhase to William W. Chase, lot
beginnir.gr ICO S from S line of Third street and
1:57:6 W from Market, S !)4. E 73. N 5O. W
25. N 44. W 50, block 41t», Oakland; $10.
Mary Augusta Solomon (widow) to Benjamin
F. and Juhn H. Solomon (sons), re-record 917
D. 154. E line of Telegraph avenue. 10<> 3 of
Birch street. S 20, 5 100/ S 30. U :J4. N 5»>.
W 134, being; fraction of lot 23. Tetnesual Park.
Oakland; alao all furniture in building on prem
ises, Oakland; also lot. on E line of Telegraph
avenue. ICO S of Temescal avenue. E ICO by N
23, portion of lor ft. "same. Oakland; gift.
Bessjte D. FaU*oner«<widow) to Joseph C Sil
veira. all Interest in let on W line cf Twen
tieth avenue, ICO X of Seventeenth street., N
40 by "W 75. oortlcn of lots in to 12. block 4«>.
San Antonio. East Oakland: $10. "-•
Anna D. and George C. Gearn to. same, all
interest in same. East Oakland; $10.
Minnie D. Dondore (Dlckson) and. C. T. Don
dore fhusband) to tame, all Interest In same.
East Oakland: $10.
Jami-s A. and Angle G. Dickson to same, all
interest in same. East Oakland; $10.
Martha E Mulilkln (single) to Grace Mullikin
(single).- lot on W line-pf Franklin street. 20 X
of Fourteenth. N 42. VT 100. W 25. S 25. E 125,
lot 1«. Schroeder Tract. Oakland; gift.
Rudolf A. L. and Minnie Wr'edt to Amos
Seaman. lot en S line of Eighth street, 6S7:3 E
of Center. E W by S 120. W 35. S 51, W 45. N
52 E ."0, N 120. block '532. Boardman's map,
1365 Eighth street. Oakland; $10.
Charles C. and Lulu R. Davison to Theresa
E. Benson (wife of John T.>. lot on W line of
Magnolia street. 17* N of Fourteenth, N 25 by
\V 133. block 536. Fame map. Oakland: $10.
Charles S. and Elizabetb L. Holmes to George
W. Fisher, undivided fourth interest in lot on
S line of Hobart jor Twenty-first) street. 294.25
W o( Telegraph avenue. W 84. S 11S.M..E Si.
N J IS.</S. Oakland; al.o undivided half Interest
in lot en N line of Delger tTwentieth) street.
240.17 W of Telegraph avenue. W 54 by N lf:o,
Oakland. deed given to correct 938 D. 17S: $10.
John R. Walk*r to Mary A. Ridlou, lot 16.
block I. Bay View Homestead and adjacent
property north. Oakland: gift.
Annie IJewitt »We"d«r) to Anni« Belle .Wel
der, lot en Kline of Maiden lane. 03:4 S cf
Taylor fctreet. S 34 by E 73. Oakland; gift.
Albert D. Coplin (single) to Olof I. and Mrs.
Ida Kauge. Jot en N lin? of Edward stre«t.
1025 E of Telegraph »venue, E 25 by N 125;
$10.
David W. Morri? to Mountain View.Ceme
tery Association (a corporation* lot It. in plat
33. map plat 33. Mountain View Cemetery As
sociation, Oakland, in trust to secure perpetual
care' of ?ai<l lot, etc.; $oC».
S. C. Cannell (single) tq Octavia Julien, lot
on W line of Benvenue avenue. 50 S of Stuart
street. S 50 by W IIS. lot 2. block I. Berry-
Banss Tract, map Xn. 2. etc.. Berkeley: $10.
Thoroa* B. Hutchins to Besrie M. and Thom
as~"B. Hutchlr.s Jr. (daughter and son) lot on
E line of -Euclid avenue, titt & of- Vinrtrrt*
street. S 40. E 125, E la N 125. W 10. S 60. W
125, po'tion of lots 4 «nd 6. block 13. Daley^s
Scenic Park. Berkeley; also lota 6 and & block
15. rsne; gift.
Charles E. Clausen (man-ied) and Huldah M.
A. Clausen (single) tr» Charles Clausen (father),
let on NW corner of Dwinelle and' Felton
struts. W l«0 by N 1.12:6. lots 12 to IS. block
7, Case Tract; said Charles E. Clausen join*
in deed to correct error in &0*5 D £2. made by
him to Huldah M. A. Clausen, and h« hereby
conveys all nla Interest to. second party herein.
Berkeley: $10.
Huldah M. A. Clausen to same.- lot on N lln»
of Prince street.- 1««:4 W of Calais. W 33:$
by N 135. block J, map of subdivision* of
block3 I, J and L. Harmon Tract. Berkeley;
$10. -
Same to same, lot on W line of Mllvta street.
235 N of Cedar. X 25 by W .130, block 9.
Graves & Taylor Tract. Berkeley; $10. - ¦
Judson and Catherine C. Wheeler to Beverly
L. Hptlghead. lot on E line of Hawthorne ter
race, $3.f)7 N from Its intersection with S llnw
of lot }«. block 3. E 144.31. N along said B
line of lot 10 to N line thereof. ¦ W to E lin»
of Hawthorne terrace. S to beginning, map of
portion of La Loma Park and Wheeler Tract.
deed and agreement. Berkeley; $10.
Minnie, B. Buckley. Robert li. and Amy F.
Wetmore (executors of the estate of Mark "A.
Buckley) to Luther M. Williamson and William
C. Mason, all Interest in lot on SW corwrr'of
University and Shattuck avenues. S 111:5 by W
150. lots 4 and 5. block I. Tract A. Berkeley
Land and Town Improvement Association.
• Berkeley; 'also consisting of $10,000 cash and
note secured by mortgage for $15,000; $25,000.
Martin and Emma ArnoU to Alexander
Wachter. lot on S line of Falxvlew street. 200
E of Calais. E 50 by S 133, lot 15. block D.
map of subdivision of SW portion of plat 53 .if
Kellersberger's Map of Peralta Ranch, Berke
ley: $10. ' . ..-
Alameda Building and Loan Association to
' Gustav L. Schmidt, lot on E line of St. Charles
•treet. 275 S' of Railroad avenue. 3 SO, E
152:215. N 50. \f 155:-$, lot 77. Eacinal Park
Tract. Alameda; $10. .
Karl 'li. and Ruth B. Nickel to Holcorab
Land Company, lot 20, block G. map No. 2.
Linda Vista Terrace. Oakland; $10.
James Y. and Jessie Eccleston to same, lot on
S line of El Dorado avenue. 235 SW of Ba7O
Vista. SW 45 by SE 125. portion tots 9. and 40.
block F. same map. Oakland; $10.- ,
Ernest H. (or Ernst H.) Lutgens to Carri*
Lutsens. rerecord 839 IX 1C3. lots 13 and It.
map subdivision of lot 4 of Coggeahail Tract,
a portion of Gasklll Addition of P&rsons Golden
Gate Tract. Oakland; gift.
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Luella
M. G. Berry, lot on N corner of Sixteenth ave
nue and East Nineteenth street N'E 73:4 by
NW 100. block 44. San Antonio, East Oakland;
$1650. «
George and Nellie M. Schmidt to William R.
and,, Margaret A. Edrls. lot on K linn- of Fifth
•treet. ICO N of Hqlyoke. N 27:6 by E 130, lot
2S. block &5. map tract B. Berkeley Land and
Town Im-provarnent Association. Berkeley; $10.
Ethel Baaver (single) to N*. R. Davidson, lot
on S line of Bancroft way. 450 K of Dana
street. B SO by S 1U0. lot 10. block 1. Beaver
Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Gsorge and Mary F. Wood to Loul* Herfman.
lot -on, 8 line of AUJi3cn street. 277:6 W of
Ac»odf S U5:6 by E 6C. portion lot 1. block 2.
map State T'niv-crsiry Homestead Association
No. 2. Berkeley: $10. -^
" Robert «.nd Georgina Aiken to Irving S. Mets
l«r. lot 20. block 6. map Warner Tract, .Brook
lyn Township; $10.
THE -..SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1903.
15
Home Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
WEBB— In tfils city. December IS, 1903. Chris-
topher C Webb, husband of the late Har-
riet Loulsu Webb, beloved father of Harry.
Howard and Louis Webb, and brother of
1 Margraret T..W. Merrill. Eliza P. Gibbens
and George W. Wtbb. a native of Wey-
mouth. Mass., ajred SO years 4 mooth« and
it days. - -
CyFriends and acquaintances are resrject-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
at the ball et the Society of California Pio-
neers on Bunday, "December 20, 1903; at 1
o'clock. Interment private.
WILLIAMS— In this city, December 16. 1WXJ.
Enoch FltMan Williams, a native of J.ew
Jfrsej. aged 47 years 6 months and 17 days.
Member of Chicago. Ill.,--Lod;« No. 4, B.
P. O. Elks.
CTFriends and acquaintances are rejpext-
f ully Invited to attend trte funeral services
Sun'dfty. December 20. 11)03. at I o'clock, at
the Masonic Teroole. coiaer Vo*: and Mont-
gomery streets, under the auspices of Golden
Gat© Lodxe No.- SO. F. and A. M. i Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by electric car
from foot of Market street. Remains at the
parlors of the California "Undertaking Com-
pany. 40$. Powell street.
WOODS— In Haywunls, 'December IS. lfi&T.
William Woods, beloved husband oi Neltie
Woods, father of.^ Venie and May Woods,
r.nd brother of Alex B., Jessie H., Richard
H George Joseph and Lizzie "Woods. Mrs.
A. V. Rorera. Mr*. Charles Gibbons and
Mrs. F. Folores. a native, of Halfcioon Bay.
Cal.. aged 33 years. A member of Piedmont
Parlor No. 120, N. S. G. "W- » nd Court Ad -
vocate. A. O. F.
CJTFrlends aud acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to r-ttend the funeral Sunday.
December 20. 1JMX5, at 2 o'clock, from the
parlors of James McManus. Seventh and
Casiro streets. Oakland. ' Interment St.
¦Mary's Cemetery- ' '
GAINS:
Co'ilard. $r.5; Emerson. $C5: Fllsher. $70;
"Mi'ler. $175; ChickerinK. $167; American.
JK5; Heine. $£X; Haynes, $150; Steinway.
$1M>; Steinway. large etyle, $325. and fifty
others. Mr-mi*, f- up: Installments. $4 up.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary street;
Ofckltnd l-.ranch. Fifteenth and "Broadway, old
F- O. b'.cig.
THE holidays are cloi-s at hand and all who
contemplate selecting a piano are advised to
pcl»ct this week en as to avoid the delay oU
rush wrtrk. A small payment down will se-
cure the instrument and delivery can be
made when you wish; $150 upward is all you
nt-t-d lay. THE ZENO MAUVA1S MUSIC
COMPANY. 7Gy Market st.
WE rent the be*t piano ln the city for $3 per
month; we allow eix months' rental and
c_rt_ce <$20) off purchase price, thus giving
you a six months^ trial of lh» instrument tor
nothing; our terms and jirlces cannot be
?¦qu&ied in San Francisco.
SCOTT-CVRTAZ PIANO CO.. 500-G4 Hayes et.
A FINE lot of second-hand uprights from $50
up. including such make* as Checkering, Vose,
KroeccT, Curtaz. Kirkhara. Pease. Hardman,
¦ Marxhail & Wendell, Baus and others. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON. 10 O'Farrell Bt. No
branches ln San Francisco.
A TREMENDOUS earrlfiee; unredeemed Btor-
ape j>i_ncs and furniture selling to pay etor-
e£e; dirt cheap. Whitehead's Storage. 1630
Market et. . Oi>en evenings.
BAND instruments; F. lS'PF?n. Paris, maker;
Gut Maiwalu. Agt. Tac. Coast, 27R O'Farrell;
ckiltful repairing; 2d-hand instruments eold.
$35<>— ELEGANT uprir+.t riano; will trade for
diamonds. Box 4SS«. Call.
| $100 — FINE upright, cost $400. for sale; $5 in-
et&llment. 1303 Gou^h St., near Geary. i
$C5— UPRIGHT piar.o; Fteck mahogany: nearly
new. HORXUNG P.ROS.. 21G McAllister st.
ALMOST cheaper than firewood; storage pianos !
& furniture. 1C{6 Market *t. Or>en gvep'.ngt. j
ALMOST new upright; cheap: rash or install-
ment. .SCIiMITZ & CO., -16 McAllister Bt.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Ste'.nway upright piano;
perfect order; f-.acrlnce. Keeffe's.2S5 O'Farrell.
6OHMER. Byron Mauzy piano*. Cecilian piano
piayer. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Poet tit.
SUPERIOR \-lolir.F. zithers, old and new. II.
MULL ER. rr.akei, rcp^'rer. - Latliam place.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22"0 Fillmcre.
A VnSESCB r.ew6 for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
Ki paces,, in wrapper, for mailing, SI per year.
_PAPEnHA\GIXC. PAINTING, ETC.
CALL ot C27 Turk st. or phone Sutter 154 for
l>ep*vhanging. painting and paper cleaned.
Papering; rc£«:>r.able rat"s; tinting, painting.
EUrtnnm Pr.irt Co.. ."ill* Sd; tel. Main 4J3.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
A — S21' 5 POLK tt.. near O'Farrell; splendid
ft ore. with 3 nire living rooms; rent $23.
PPECK _ fn.. t>67 Market et.
I'EHSONALS.
A EPBCtAIi LOW RATE. 3ft DAYS ONLY—
M. ELLA HARRIS.
To ell whom I have made prires to since 1
J&r.. 1. lfi0"{, and frr the ensuing days only. !
I will makf> a liberal reduction from all prices j
for try special deep wrinkle treatment.
W The lady who has l«etn on exhibition in the
* <irug store windows may \ye geen at my office
this week from 10 to 5, In order to accommo-
date these who have requested to examine the
face more thoroughly in private.
M. ELLA HARRIS.
7S1 O'Farrc'.l Ft.. near-Lark:n. Call cr write
for book explaining method.
BARON'S CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE.
Young ladies steadily employed can have
Earon's clcaks. suits, furs and tai!cr-made
euits to order, on weekly or monthly r-ay-
rr.ents r'an. at regular marked prices. Con-
vince yourself by calling on BARON. 7U2
Market £t.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, !m-
jirove* its RT.jWth. stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness:
cleanses scalp; at drufrpUts'. hatrdreFs^r?: ac-
oqpt no tuL«t;tute. Star Keaiedy CO..1U3S I'clk.
A — COME .and Jet our doctors pive you free
exsminaJUcn arc? advice; you pay for th»
medicine only and at the lowest prices. LION
rHAJiMACY. 13<X# Miseicn St.. cor. Uth.
NOT how cheap but how good is the motto of
the manufacturers cf the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
tV. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market 8t.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
aCdrets Central Pharmacy, 251 Grant ave..
corner Sutter St.; fee moderate.
DF.l'XK EXNE?S, morphine, and all ttrugs dis-
r-afcef jiosltivcly cured by Willow Bark Co..
~IS3'J Poik ct.; consultation free: call or write.
LIQUOR habit cured in 2 days or no charges;
guaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure Co., D07 Mar-
ket et.. r-xnn 203; phone South 751.
SURE cure for inflammatory rheumatism:
oures in three days. Call or address 1108
Folsom «.. San Francisco; tel. Folsorrf 0"M.
f- AT less than ocst, unrelled f^r suits, overcoats.
ar.d trouter* et CHARLES LYONS', London
Tfci'or, 721 Market st.
ELEGANT Fuit* on ra?y inrtallrnents; r-o rents
and ep,per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket Ft., between Seventh and Eighth.
DANCING TufFiay. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgp.. T«mtonia Hall. Hov.-ard ft., nr.
&tb; Prof. Foster; eociety, dancing taught.
GOOD hand at shampooing and maF?3B<> will
oa!I at residence. Address K«iO»i Hyde Bt.
MASSEUSE vlshes ongragements with ladles
only. Pfaone Oapp «23S.
Bon Marche Pan'.g Co.; rpecial $5 rar<ts to or-
der. Rooms 14 & 16. 40 EUIs. Tel Drumm 44.
FINE genuine diamonds. watches, jewelry cheap-
er than anywhere. A. A. Jtittcr. 23J, Kearny.
MASQUERADE eostunies. pl^y books, wigr;
countr>- orderg. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 7."J3 Mkt.
BUITS to order on installmentF, $1 per week.
Neuhaue & Co., merch. tailors, 727-729 Market.
EUPEHFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market.
TA I LOR-MADE euit $7 SO; dress par*« $2 50.
Misfit Clothir.g Parlor, cor. I>ush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S EirjTtt"n Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; tl~, et ail druggists'.
Superfluous hair and moles removed with elec-
tric needle. Mrs. & Miss Eaton, 1119 Sutter.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements artd subscriptions ha« been
opened at 10US Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
PALMivrav.
ir.*-:~. DEY A&7^cier.Ufic pa'.mirt and aetrolo-
pis-t; j,a!m rfading* $1; 3 queetiens by ex-
rrcs». $1 ; open Tuesday eve. also. 129 Post st.
MME. NEEnOAABD'S rla«>s in palmistry be-
rine Dec. 1. S p. m. 212 Fost et.: terms $10.
VH. JEROME FOSKLLI. scleatlflc palmist, 519
Teylcr et.. near Geary. Phone Black 561.
A WEEK'S news for 5 centa— The Weekly Call]
!6 pi»g f '*- in ¦wr:;rr*r. for mailing. $1 per year.
k PHYSICIANS AXD SIBUEOSS.
UK. C. C. O" DONNELL— Offlcc~ai)d~resfdence^
1021 14 5Urket n.. h*-U Oth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseaaes of women. •
DR. M. MATSi:DA has returned from Orient
and located bis office at 4'J5 Geary cor-
ner Taylor; hours. 1 to 3 and C to 8 p. nu
HUOT>. tkin and rectal diseases a epecialtr
DR. PALL. 1072^ Market tX.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
tre-atu all diFeases of the human bodj-; for
H st four yeare at 115-117 Mason: nosr lo>
cated at fcC7 Geary «t-. near Leavenworth.
DR. TON1 PO CIIY, eucceseor to Dr. L4 Po
T«l. herb doctor, cures all dlreases of human
by use of herbs and teat. 727 Washington et.
hn. SI. C. WONG. 719 Post et.; all disease*
cured by Chinese herbs; consultation free.
V.'ONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbi. 744-S Clay et.
CHEAPEST and beet in America— The "Weekly
Call. 16 pares, •ent to any address la the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
Tartar* paid.
PnOPEHTlf WASTED.
PliOPERTY wanted by nurEorymen; f. to 15
acre?; ranch to Icate . near Oakland. Box
fcF2. Ca31 office. Oakland.
-¦ ¦ ¦ PItOPOS A LS. _ .y^^n
PROPOSALS for *ufc«istence supplies. Offica
Purchasing Commissary, Fan Francisco, Cal.,
December 10. 1JI03 — Sealed proposals for fur-
nHhlng ani delivering of euch quantltiea of
>»ii !».-!> ;' nr«- n:i-|i!ii-s, delivered at such wharf
or wharvee or such warehouses :n San Fran»
cl»oo. Cal.. ks per circular to be eeen at thl»
office, will be received here until 11 o'clock
a. in.. Monday. December 2L l»03, and opened
Immediately thereafter, la presence of bid-
6*r*. Epec-ftcatlonp, general Instructions to
bidders and blank forms of proposals will be
furnished to e£tabilshml dealers on oppiicar
ticn to C. E. KKAUTHOFF. Major Com'y.
REAL ESTATE CITY— FOR^JALE.
G. U. UMBSEN & CO..
i0 MONTGOMERY ST.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
$70,OUO — 1-story brick builaing* ln the center
of the b-smcM district.
$2T>,000 — Fourth St.; 2 stores and 4 flats. 7
roonm each; rents *lol; bay winuows,
brick foundations, etc.; .50x79. :
$21.500 — Western Addition business corner; ele-
gant modern improvements coaslet of
. More ar._ 2 fiats; J7:6xy«:lo%; z promi-
neut streets.
$20,000 — ilirsiuit modern mansion on Presidio
Heights; very sunny; unobstructed ma-
rine view; 50x134.
$15.500 — Items *l_3t> per annum; good Mission
business corner; etore and flats; large
lot, 35xl2_ :ti.
$14,000 — Kent_ fao per month; cloee to How-
ard st.. near 1st; store and hotel of. 30
rooms; Iot 25x83. :>
$13,500— Kents $1530 per annum; l'owell-st.
business locality; stores and lodging-
house; iot 60- foot front.
$12,000— Pnco reduced; rents J12S4 per annum;
fi flats and large lot; 55 ft. front on
CJixtve St.; neaj- City Hall.
$10,000— Rents *l_00 per annum above taxes
and "Insurance; near Kearny and Bush
sts.; brick building; a bargain. 1
$9,500— Rents S'JtM per annum; bteiner 6t.; 3
modern flats; :K):tJ_loo.
$9,500— Items $73 ptr month: Hayes St., near
Laguna: 3 desirable fiats of C-7 rooms
anJ bath each and lot- '11 ft. front.
$y,000 — Items $82 fiO per month; close to l>u-
boee Park; 3 new modern flats, 5-0 rooms
and bath each; substantially ; built and
elegantly finished.
f3.'XK> — Kt-nts $*5S per month; very low; Mis-
sion ft.; one of the best business blocks;
2 stores and 2 flats; lot 40 ft. front.
$S,500— Rents $s4O per annum; McAllister St.;
2 frtmiaRPs; 2 house^, »-tj rooms and bath
eith: il: 6x120. . :
$S,. '.(XV— Renting for $732 pEr annum, (very low);
Hayes Valley; 5 flats; lot _7:(3xJ2O; 2
frontages.
$S,000— Kent s $1020 per annum; near 1st and
Folsom sts.; lot 50x70.
$7 t 000 — 17th-st. corner; lot 24:5x80; store and
4 reborns in rear and flat of 0 rooms and
hath; rent $C0 f»er month; bay windows,
ttc.
|6 5tiO — Nice residence. S rooms and bath.
social hall, etc.; 2S:6xOO; nice location in
Western Addition.
$3,500— Rtntf $540 per annum; Mission warm
belt; 2 bay-window flats, ti-5 rooms and
bath each: brick foundation, etc.; 25x125.
$5 125 — Price greatly reduced; corner 60-vara
on Buchanan st.; 3 frontages; a snap.
14,500 — xice little home on Pine st % ; 2-story
house, 0 rooms and bath; lot, garden,
¦ etc.
$4,500— Rents $540 per annum; near Taylor
Ft. and Broadway; 4 flats and lot 37xSx
€0.
$4,250— Price greatly reduced; a bargain:
Jackson st.; 27:6x110; house of 7 rooms
and stable.
$3,000 — Rent* $31 per month; close to Gth and
Harrison sts. ; 3 flats, 4 rooms each;
25xK0.
For further particulars of the above, and for
the R<al Estate Record, containing a list of
pripertk-j for eale in all parts of the cl^'- ln "
quire ?.t our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery st..
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
DESIRABLE funny building lots. clo?e to I>u-
lioce Park; bituminized street; lots level and
ready to build on; a rare chance to obtain a
hM<'inK admirably situated and close to the
city at a very reasonable flsure: diagram,
nrice anl all jjartir'.'lars at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery St.,
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.^
W A MAGEE. JTMAGEE JR. F. E. MAGEE.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
VALLEJO STREET. SW.
27:0 , ~ ~ U0! ~T1
1 $eooo. ¦ . r? 5
73
$4350. i3
»- rcl ¦ "¦ S
sold. fi 2
' • ! • " ' ' 2
Sold. i5
110. V f
Only two inside lots and the corner left.
Choice building lota for residence or two or
three flats. Lots almost level and ready to
build on. . . ' • ,
Gough st. bituminized; granite curbing: ar-
tificial ftone sidewalk.
Vallejo fit. and crossing stone blocked and
artificial stor.e sidewalk.
Pacific ave. and Union st. cars close by.
Fim-elass residence locality.
Investments for buyers washing buildings all
completed and rented.
$125.000 — Mission Et. : 5-story and basement
brick building through to rear street; under
leape to responsible tenants for $737 per month.
If existing mortgage of $57,500 remains this
property pays 7>j ptr cent net on $67,500.
SPEAR-ST. WAREHOUSE.
Very large frontage and depth; under three
and I m year leases to two responsible tenants.
Pays nearly 6 per cent net.
Almost new six-story and bapAment pressed
brick building, north of Market st.. not far
from Powell: under three 5- year leases to r«>-
frxmrible tenant*. If mortgage of $110,000
remains this property pays 6.3 per cent net.
Rents $lfiS3 per month with very good slx-
Ftory and basement brick building which, cost
$_2<J.0"O alone to build; nearly always rented.
Grant-ave. corner: 4-story and basement
brick building; only two tenants.
North of Market Ft., close to Mason; new
Fix-story and basement building of stores and
hotel. Hotel under 7-year lease. Total rent
$1040 per month.
Bluxome-st. wart-house; under lease to large
ennrern at $2.V) per month for fix years more;
very large lot.
Rents over $.W) p«. r month: a very solid 3-
*«ory and basement brick building; near ferry;
always rented.
Sutter st.: rents $5.V): under two leases; new
6-etory and bs5ement brick building.
Grant-ave. hotel; over 100 feet front; pays
nearly $900 per month.
$-V>,500 — Four-story and cement basement
building. Leased until 1907 at $190 per mo.
$52,500— Rents $430 per month; Washington
»t.; nine new fiats.
$45,000 — Rents $4200 p»r year; almost 10 "per
cent; nearly 70 feet front by over 160 feet
deep: exceptionally well built three-story build-
Ing of steel and brick.
THOMAS MAGEE & RONS,,
;¦• "-. . ' .- 6 Montgomery Bt.
fllOO — COTTAGE of 5 rooms; 2718 Diamond
ft.; l-i blcck of Guerrero-st. cars; rents for
912 j.f r month.
. 2 lot« on Buena Vista ave., $125 each.
1 lot on California ave., $500; terms.
D. COFFIN & CO., 3303 Mission Bt.
$450 — NEW cottage. 3 rooms, near Folsom cars.
£700— Cottage. 3 rooms, hard finished.
Mission Kf-ulty Co.. . 2 Twenty-ninth st.
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN I.OAN CO.. Crocker building.
BARGAIN — Fine, new 6-room cottage; large
basement: $3500. Owner. 678 Oth ave.. nr. C.
LOTS N or B elde of Golden Gate Park,' pur-
chased by W. J. GUNW. 630 California «t.
PLUMBING ln all its branches; Jobbing. AHL-
BACH & MAYER. Plumbers. 836 Howard.'
HEAL ESTATE — Country— For Snlc ¦.
718 ACRES war- Mayfleld. 11 miles from' San
Jose; low acres full bearing prune*; large
vineyard; all good land; water piped every. ¦
where; Immense concrete reservoirs; flne
houses. «tabl«-», barns, etc.; fenced in li fields;
cost $180,000; price $50,000. THORNE &
KILPATRICK, 312 Bush St.. San Francisco.
flO A MONTH buy» a 10-acr* farm. ~
$200 profit per annum per acre.
Write for booklet. It's free. 603 J st. :
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH, Sacramento. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains: monthly cat*.-
legues cent free, a M. WOOSTEK CO.. 648
Market st.' ' •
REAL. ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
A HOUSE of 7 rooms and .bath ln good lora-
Uon in Oakland to exchange for small ranch
la Alameda County. P. C. LASSEN & CO.,
466 Tentii ct.. Oakland. , -
OAKLAND property to exchange for. ranches
not too far out. R. C. LASSEN & CO., 466
Tenth et.. Oakland, Cat '. ..
FOR c-xehanze — About 25 canaries; will take
typewriter. Box 4SS5, Call office.
ROOMS. A*VO HOARD Continued.
HOTEL MARTINET, Geary st. and Van Nesa
ave.; haa changed hands; hereafter conducted
' flrst-class family .hotel; table board specialty.
CALIFORNIA 1240 — Most select location In
modern, eletanlly furnished private home;
table -unsurpassed; marine view. :
FAMILY boarding-house, 1070 Valencia; flrst-
dass board, elegantly furnished; terms mod-
erate. - ,¦ .
Stevenson mansion, 807 California— Fine rms;
new chefs; colored service; table specialty.
O'FARRELL, 308 — Famished rooms: homo
¦-. cooking;. German family: $8- per 'Week.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
NEW HOME sewlnff machine; this, week" anly:
$10, $15. $20; slightly used: needles 20c doz.
NEW HOME S.'U. CO.. 1051 Market st.
" ~ SPECIALISTS.
CATARRITDEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham, : 204 .Butter st.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A^EMPORIUM^Ttorage & Van Co. ; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
7:51 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant 1<»1-
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sta.; tel. Prive. Ex. 5<1.
CON'KHN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 12o.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; SiO
Mission. St.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfusa.
' PACIFIC Stpragro and Furniture Moving ' Com-
pany. 23-6 Fillmore st.:. phone 'Jackson' 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. il Montgomery
.; cut. ltd: Main 1840, . Shipping at cu» rates.
1 -^~* *— "* — *** "**^ iM * ~"~" "™ "**" " i — "i
j ST.U t -.TEJtlNG^_ANP ..STAMMERING.
i MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market-^Cure
In every case; .individual teaching; no. medi-
cine. Inquire Into wonderful cures; home cure.
~ T YPE WRITERS^ AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. I
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriter* at
• higher and lower prices; ren_tais_$2 50. .The
I Typewriter Exchange. 636 California St.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-.
1 tWulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
' gemery st. ¦'--'¦
SD-'HAND typewriters sold, . rented, 'repaired.
'Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co..' 60S Market.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Calt.
1C pases, ln wrapper, for mailing, $1 per yea?.
~ ¦-. LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS— Estate of HEINRT
BOEHM, also known as HENRY BOEHM,
deceas«d— Notice Is hereby given "by the
undersigned, JOHN FARNHAM, as admln-
Vietrator of the estate of HEINRY BOEHM.
also known 'as. HENRY BOEHM, deceased,
to the creditors of and all ~ persons having
claims a_ain»t the said deceased, to ex-
hibit th^m, v.-ith the necessary vouchers,
wllhirt four months after the first publica-
tion of this notice, to the said administra-
tor at the oftlco of hia attorney, CARLTON
W. GREENE, at room 7«. Chronicle build-
Ing, at the junction of Market, Geary and
Kearny streets, the sanio being h!s place for
the transaction of the business of the said
estate In the City and County of San Fran-
cisco. State of California. JOHN FARN-
HAM, administrator of the estate of HEIN-
RY BOEHM, also known as HENRY
BOEHM, deceased. Dated at San Fran-
cisco, November "S, 190.'".
NOTICE TO CREDITORS — Estate ot
CHARLES WHITE, dec-eased — Notice is
hereby given by the undersigned, JOHN
FARNHAM, as administrator of the estate
of CHARLES WHITE, deceased, to- the
creditor* of and all persons' huvtng claims
against the eaid deceased, .to exhibit them,
with the necessary vouchers, within four
months after the first . publication of this
notice, to the said administrator at the of-
fice ot h'.s attorney. CARLTON W, GKEENE,
at room 7ti, Chronicle building, at -Junction
of Kearny. Geary and Market streets, the
eame beinc his place for the transaction of
the business of the said estate in the City
and County of San Francisco, State ot Cali-
fo nla. JOHN FARNHAM. administrator of
the estate of CHARLES WHITE, deceased.
CARLTON W. GREENE," attorney ior ad-
ministrator, rooms 73, 76 and 70, Chronicle
building. Dated at San Francisco, Novem-
ber ->S. 1903. < . ¦ ¦
REDEMPTION of Bonds— Notice is hereby
given -that fn accordance with the terms of
x the bonds i6sued by the Nevada County Nar-
row Gauge Railroad Company, the directors
determined by lot the numbers to be re-
deemed at Wells, Fergo & Co. Bank, tn the
city of San Francisco, Cal., on the 2d day
of January, A, D. 1004, with the following re-
sult: Nos. 170. Iti3. 88. 151, which bonds will
be paid in 1,'nlteil iitatos gold coin on said £d
day cf January. ll»04, -upon surrender of same,
with coupons attached, and Interest thereon
. will cease from and -after that date. F. G.
BE ATT Y, secretary the Nevada County Nar-
row Gauge Railroad Company, -office Grass
Valley, Cal.. Grass Valley, December 8, 1003.
I HAVE sold by butcher shop. 328 Broadway,
to A." Sim! & Co.. and will not be responsible
for any bills contracted after this date. A.'
DELVECCH1O. ¦-•¦¦¦
'• mVIPEXD,. NOTICES. T
THE Humboldt Savings and Loan Society, IS
• Geary St., has declared a dividend 0/ S'.i
per cent per annum on deposits, fre* of
(axes, for the term ending December 31/1903,
payable on and after January 2, 1004. W. E.
PALMER, cashier.
MARRIAGE IJCEXSE&
Th? following marriage llcens.es were Issued
yesterday: t
Ernest Lang, f>4, 2821 Mission street,'- and
Marie C. Lanfranchi, 2S, 750 Ellis street.
Francesco 'Kicallszl,. 30, 8535 Baker street,
and Cesira S. Craviattl, .15, 1817% Powell st.
Raymond N. Murphy, 23. 358 Golden Gat«
avenue, and Anne Fallon,. 21, f>03 Van Ness
avenue.
Charles Carroll, 21, 640 Grove street, and
Evelyn Valentino,- IS, 24 Ye,rba Buena street.
John C. Galindo, 27, 27 Scott place, and Eda
C. Marginl, 19, . 127 Clementina street. ,
Franklin H. Kingswood, 37, 120 Hawthorne
street, and Mary Byrnes, 23, 120 Hawthorne.
' Joseph -Vonwyl, .28,'- 205 Perry street, and
Ethel Williford, -16. 205 Perry street.
' Tasaburo Nobol Sakabe, 35, 220 EHU street,
arjd Hide Omichl, 41, 7SS .Van Ness v avenue. ' -
MRTHS-MARRMES-DEATHS,'
• Birth, marriage and death notices «ent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons uuthorlzed to have tha same rubllshed.
Notices restricted simply tp the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of cnargfe.
;? BORN.
CONNELLY — In this city, December 4, 1003,
, to ti>a wife of JoseDh Connelly, a eon. ' .
DANIELS— In this city, to the wife of Shull
Daniels, a son. • • . '¦•
GITSHAM— In this city, December 2. 1903. to
the wife of William H. GlUham, a daugh-
ter. . .¦ ¦ . ¦ •
WELSH — In this city, December 17, 1903, to
the wife of D. W. ( Welsh, a son. .
MARRIED. • , ~~
HENDERSON— McLAGAN—In this city, De-
cember 17. 1903, by the Rev.- J. T. Wills,
D.D.. Alexander. Henderson and Martha Kirk
McLagan, ..both, of San Francisco. ..
LOUDON— HEWITT— In this city. December
17, 1903. by- the Rev. G. A. Bcmthal. Wll* !
- Ham M. Loudon of San Francisco and- Em-
ma Hewitt of Vallejo. "
DIED. <
Bridges, Francis E. S Leeds, Eliza J.'
Bucholtz, Gertrude ' Lorfce, Alois
Cherry, John ' Lyons, Patrick T. ' ¦
Clemments, Celia Miller. William.
Fagan, Florence R. Murray, Mlldrtd R.
F«llon, Mary *:¦:-¥;?* Murray, Thomas
Ffcld, John Prentiss, Alonzo T. •
: , Fett, William. E. ¦ Prising, George J.' •
"'Fischer, Sophie .Reardon, Maggie
Gallagher, James L. Richter. Martin" *
Gibson, Pierre • >• ' Sheehan;. Emma
, Greely, Nora T ' Stein, Martin '
. Keefe. Catherine . Webb, Christopher C.
Keil\ Frederick Williams. Enoch F.
Lapp, James F.-.- Woodg, William >
BRIDGES-r-In Alameda. December • IS, 1903,
Francis r Eastman' Bridges, . husband of Har-
riet Wilson -Bridges, son of Francis and
' Mary Bridges," and father of , Francis Wilson
and Edith ; Harriet Bridges, aged 32 years. {
BUCHOLTZ— In this city, December 18, 1903,
Gertrude Bucholtz, beloved wife, of Oecar ;
Bucholt?, mother of William S. and Ger-
trude Bucholtz. 'sister of: Frank and Robert
Lord, and daughter of Thomas Lord, a na-
tive of Ensland, aged 29 '. years 0 " months
and 4" day's. ; . v
ty Notice of funeral hereafter. £ ;-
CHERRY— In* this city, '*» December 18. 1903/
John,- beloved husband of Annie Cherry, and
¦ brother -of Mrs. "John Conmy of San Jess.
, Cal., a : ratire of. Ireland, . aged 79 years 6
months and '6 days., ..:*¦-. . . ¦ .-
'. .«• ¦¦! tyFrlends and acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral. to- morrow
.' (Sunday), at". 12:15 'o'clock, from ,hls late j
. residenee,' J 28, Bank 'street, " Bernal Heights,'
thence' to St.* John -the Evangelist Church
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$750 FOR 3 lots, each 40x135; 3 blocks from
electric and steam cars; a snap.
$800 — Here Is another good buy; lot 50x264; 4
blocks from cars; grand 'view.
$4000 — A good investment; new house of-^7
rooms, etc. ; rented for $35 a month, net.
$3550 — A good buy; new house, 7' rooms; all
modern conveniences-; close in; faees
south; rented for 830 net.
$9000— Here Is a chance to make some mon?y;
16 rooms; almost new house; rented under
long lease for -585 a month .net.
s $3250— Beet buy in town; lot 120x125; tn the
finest section of town: view simply grand;
street work done on one side; worth $4600;
tine v.-lndrnlll, tankhouse, bam.etc. ; must
be sold. -.- '•*
W. J. MORTIMER & CO.,
4 2123 Center St.. Berkeley, v
TOR sale — Large 10- room modern housej choic-
est location in Berkeley; lot 50x100: reaspn-
able terms. 2511 Durant ave.. nr. Telegraph.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HOISES TO LET. '
MODERN 2-story house, 7 rooms and bath;
central location; rent $27. 1464 West^ St.,
Oakland. ' ' """
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
MONTANA House. 320 . Eighth st, : slinny
suites and single rooms for housekeeping ¦
OAKLAND STORES TO. LET. _J,
OAKLAND FURX1TUR.E FOR SALE.
To^Mol*m5vV : "trie~day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Schellhaas. 11th st..cor.store.Oakland.
POIXT R I C 5"Ij">j^D JflEAL JgSTA.X 1^
WATER front lots and bargains: all tract?;
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING^ V
AT Hthe^Knickerbocker apartments, -1340 Pine
st.. near Hyde; apartments all taken; call
aud leave .orders for reserves.
BIRCH ave., CIS — $7; three nice unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping. 642 Grove :«.
CALIFORNIA. 1421—1 front parlor beautifully
furnished with, bedroom and kitchen to party
who will answer doorbell half Drice..'
FOURTH, 225 — One nice large housekeeping
room; also single rooms. . r " -
GEARY, 1002— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
en suite or single; housekeeping privileges;
running water; gas; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 640, cor. Franklin— Sun-
ny front and ' side rooms with kitchens, run-
ning water, gas ranges. *
MCALLISTER, MS — Sunny furnished suite; gas
range; hot bath; laundry; adults; $15.
POLK, 1020. near Geary— Neatly furnished
. front housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
SEVENTH, 191 — Nice, sunny housekeeping
rooms.
.TEHAMA, 32«— 3 nice large sunny housekeep-
ing rooms: hot and cold water and station-
ary wash tubs; also single rooms.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3726. near Dolores— Bay-
wlndow rooms; nice; neat; complete.
Jj Aj^ItTMElTT HOUSES. '
MONTCLAIR APARTAtENTS.
Corner Pine ar.d Taylor Hts.; beautiful new
modern apartments; all sunny corner '2Ulte»:
furnished or unfurnished; none • superior; ma-
rine view. LYON _ HOAGT 116 Montgomery.
~~~~ THE GABLES.
Cor. Clay and Larkin sts— Modern 3-1-5-room
up-to-date apartments: furnished or unfur-
nished; all latest conveniences; reservations
can be made on prcmls.es, 1 to 4; terms reas.
St! LOUIS, 1575 Jackson st. — Modern " 3-4-5
rooms, also sln&le; -furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; now open; references.
~~~ H ADDON HALL.
651 EDDY. ST. REFERENCES. v
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. and L'ufnrn.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sts. — New
houae, new furniture; every room outside;
modern and sunny; prices from $1 50 per
¦week up; this is the only up-to-date house ln
this vicinity; flrst-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth st. — Rooms
25c to $1 ptr night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light-housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ASHWORTH. o-O "Mason st..' bet. * Geary and
Post — Suite and single rooms with or with-
out private bath; sun in rooms all day.
AT "The Almonte." S73 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c, 50c, $1, $1 50 night;
' $1 50 to $10 week;, house open all night.
AT the Pleroont. 450 Ellis— Newly furnished
rms.; elevator; hot & cold water-,. transient.
BURNETT. 1428 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, .204 Ellis, corner Mason— Slegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 827V4 — Nicely furnished front room;
piano; grate; reasonable.
ELEVENTH, 1:30 — Sunny large room for 1 or 2
persons; no housekeeping; reasonable.
ELLIOTT PARK. SO, upstairs— A nicely fur-
n is hod room to let.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Roomi 50c
to $1 50 night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
HAIGHT, 228— Suite sunny rooms, also 1 or 2
other rooms; rent $6 each; gas, bath.
HAYES. 3R5— 2 front furnished rooms; closet;
$14. Call till December 22. -
LAGUNA and McAllister. St. James flat— Sun-
ny single room. • - • _-
LARCHMONT, 361 Sutter— Sunny 1 rooms; elec-
tric lights; elevator; central; transient.
LARKIK, SlflB— Small, light room, large hall',
closet, bath and phone; reaEonable.
MISSION. 114S— Elegantly furnished front
•ulte; slano; single rooms from $1 50 week.
NATOMA. 2*2'^. near Fourth— 2 unfurnished
rooms; yard; water; rent $6.
NINTH. 1W (GIHespIe)— NUely furnished rooms
$1 M> to $2 60 per week; 50c to 75c per night.
POWELL. 317-r-Eunny front suite for doctor or
dentist; also other furnished rooms.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water;- baths.
SUTTER, 236— The Crane— EleganHy furnished
roomsj downtown; euite or single; $10 up. ¦
TAYLOR. '"MM. cor. Post — Nice corner suite,
both front rooms; electric llehtsf hof and
cold water, baths, and grate; .suitable for 3
or 4 gentlemen. . '
THE FREMONT. 1864 MARKET ST.— Strictly
first-class elegantly furn. rooming hotel.
Tel. South 1133. Cap*. O. H. Ulberg, Prop.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market— 100
rooms 35c to $1 night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bu£; baggage.
VAN NESS, 510— Handsome sunny furnished
suites and single rooms; all conveniences.
WASHINGTON, 14C2— Nice, sunny, furnished
room; private family; with or without' board.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d St., near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night; $2 to 18 week; elevator;.
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscription* received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call Branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office, for Call advertisements and
subscription*, has been established • at 1006
Valencia st. ,
ROO3IS AXD BOARIV
A— "~HbtEL BaI^TIMOReT^'
VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR OEART ST.
AMERICAN PLAN.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
SELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEL.
HOT AND COLD OCEAN WATER.
SPECIAL RATES BY THE MONTH.
MUNGER fc ZEBERG. PROPRIETORS. ,
A HOTEL H ATTOU <~ ¦
S. E. COR.. PINE AND TAYLOR— -
This new and rustic constructed hotel is Blt-
uated ln the city's »wellest quarter and will
be handsomely furnished throughout, with all
the. very latetrt conveniences; will be ready
¦ for occupancy Dec. 15; reservations caa now
be made on premise* dally. - ' .
CHANGE OF PROPRIETORS.
MANHATTAN HOTEL. 1704 Market • «t.—A
rtrictly first-class family and tourist hotel of
unquestioned respectability. American , plan.
A THE DRESDEN ,— '¦ •.
• SELECT FAMILY BOARDING-HOUSE. 1443
FULTON.nET. BnODEIUCK AND BAKER.
A — THE Atherton. ¦ 1«61 Octavia,' cor. Bush
Nice eunny rooms, new furniture, private
> - baths, large grounds: first-class table.
". for- services. In tprment Holy Cross C*me-
. tery. .
CLEMMENTS— Jri this city, December IS.
1903, Celia, beloved wife of Charles Clem-
ments, mother of Richard Clemments, and
sister of Mrs. R. Oliver and Sarah Doherty,
. a native of San Francisco, aged 24 years and
9 months. . .
E7"RemaIng at the parlors of McFaddcn.
--McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eiehth.
FAGAN— In this city. December 17. ir»03.
,J- Flc.reiicu.rt., beloved 4aught-ep- ef- James and
Mary E. Fasran, sitter of Grace and James
Fagan Jr., and -Granddaughter of Kate and
the late John Fegan. a native of California*
aged 10 years 1 month and 7 days. .
E^Frienus and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from th«s family
residence, 2496 Howard street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric cat
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
FALLON-,In t'.ls city. December 18, 1003,
Mary, beloved wife of the late Edward D.
Fallon, and mother of William J. and Ed-
ward D. Fallon. a native of County Cork,
Ireland, aged 6» years.
IE"* Funeral private Sunday, at 12:30
o'clock, from her late residence. 539 San
; Bruno avenue. - corner of Eighteenth street,
thence to St. Charles Borromeo's Church for
services. .
FELD — In trie City, and County Hospital. De-
. cember 1,7, lOu't. John Feld, a native of
: Germany, . aged 07 years.
FETT— In this city. December 18, liXB. Wil-
; Ham E. Fett, Uearly beloved husband of
Theresa Stein Fett, beloved son of Charlea
• and Llna Fqtt, and brother of Mrs. A.'
Wederineyrr arid Carl H., Lena and Tillie
Fett, a native of California, aged 01 years 3
months and 10 days. A member of National
W Parlor .Vo. 118, N. S. G. W. : Old Friends'-
;' Grove, U. -A. Q. . D. ; the San Francisca
: Schuetzen Verein, and San Franeiaco Aerie
No. 5. F. O. E.
CFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
• fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
j (Sunday), at 11 p'ekick, ' from N. S. G. WJ
. Hall, 414 Ma«on street, thenpe to Sacred
• Heart Church, comer Fell and Fillmore
streets, . for services. Funeral *jnder the
auspices of National Parlor No. 11S-, N. S.
G. W. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. Re-
mains at" Ms lato residence, 60 Webster
1 street.
MEMBERS of National Parlor No. 118. N. S.
0. W.. are' hereby notified to assemble at
Native Sens' Hall, 414 Mason street. Sun-
day, December 20. at 11 o'clock, to attend
the funeral of our lato brother, W. E. Fett.
i Fines for non-attendance.
H. G. ' HOLLER-, Presldeat.
, W. V. DOUGHTY. Secretary.
FISCHER— In this city, December 17. 1903,
• Sophie, beloved I wife of Frank Fise.her,
.mother of Willie Luttenbcrger, and sister of
. Mrs. Anne Anderson and Joseph F. Lsner,
a native of San, Francisco, aged 35 years.
GALLAGHER— In this city. December 17. 1JHH.
James L.. beloved husband of Frances Gal-
lagher, and father of Walter. Cora, Thomas
J., Robert F.. James L.. Frederick K., Riy
and John F. Gallagher, a native of Michi-
gan, agt-d 77 ytars 7 months and 7 days.
E'r'Wie funeral services will be held 'to-
day (Saturday), at 1:43 o'clock, at his late
residence. 1S27 Howard street, between Four-
teenth and Fifteenth. Interment strictly
private at Cypress Lawn Cemetery. Omit
. flowers.
; GISSON— In thia city, December 17. 1903,
Pierre Gifson. a native of France, aged 67
years!
IE?" Notice of funeral hereafter. I
GREELY— In this city, December 17, 19(Ki
Nora, wife of the lato John Greely, loving
,. mother of James T.^Mooney and Mrs. James
1 jL- Eacen. and dearly beloved sister of
Thomas and James Tierney, a native of
KiMinedema, County Gal way, Ireland, aged
<0 years.-
O" Friends and acquaintances are regpeet-
• fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock. . from her late resi-
dence. • 127 Parker avenue, thence to Star of
the Sea Church for .services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. *•
KEEFE— In thia city. December 17. 190:?,
Catherine, beloved wife of the late Cornelius
. Keefe, and loving mother of Elizabeth. Cor-
nelius, Richard und Charles Keefe, Mrs. G.
Aitken, Mrs. S. Stevenson and the late
Thomas, JoseDh and Edward Keefe, a na-
tive of Bangor. Me. - - -
B^TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence,-57$ Cedar avenue, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where' a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
gSoul, . cQmm-sncing at 0:3ft o'clock. Inter-
inent Holy Cross Cemetery.
KEIL— In this city, December 17, 1903. Fred-
erick, beloved husband of Henrlette Kell,
and brother of Mrs. A. Serb, a, native of
Germany, aged 58 years 3 month? and 2C*
a days.
• . (C?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral services
• to-day (Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, at
his late residence, 13S9 Baker street, be-
tween Geary and Post. Interment private.
1. O, O. F. Cemetery. Please omit' flowers.,
LAPP— In this city," December 17. 1903, James,
F., beloved husband of .Mary Lapp, and de-
voted father- of Willie Lapp, a native of
Canada, aged 48 ytars C months and la days.
(Batavia, N. Y.. papers please copy.) ¦
(CFrlerids and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend, the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors Of
H. F, Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, . be-
tween Seventh and Eighth: Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery. Please "omit flowers.
LEEDS— In this city. December 16. 1903, Eliza
, J., beloved wife of the late Cantaln J. B.-
Leeds, and mother of Mrs.' H. P. Coles, Mrs.
. Dormer Walsh, Mrs. Milton S. Clark 'and
Clayton J. Leeds, a native of Pennsylvania,
aged 65 yeara 7 months and 12 days.
E""""Frlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral Sunday, at' 1 o'clock, from
the residence of her daughter, Mrs. H. P.
Coles, 2?1 Castro street," near Sixteenth. In-
terment private. ' ¦
LORKE— In this city, December IS, 1903.
Alois Lorke, beloved husband of., Mary E.
Lorke, nnd father of Anton Metten.
Joseph Lorke and the Mate Mrs. Catharine
Drews, a native of .Wanzen. Schleslen, Ger-
many, aged 7$ years 4 months and 13 days.
LYONS— In this city. December 18, 1903, Pat-
rick J. Lyons, beloved son of Agnes and
the latfi Patrick Lyons, and . brother of
William' and Henry Lyons," Mrs. H. Qulnn
and the late - Daniel Lyons, a native of
Brooklyn. N. Y.. aged 41 years. (New York
• papers ialease copy.) .
CJiTriendtf and acquaintances are respect?
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12. o'clock, from the . funeral
rarlors of James McMenomey & Son, 1037
Mission ftreet, ¦ opposite new postofficp,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
'ot 12:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Crose
Cemetery.
MILLER— In this city. December 1«. 1903,
¦ William Miller, a native of Oregon, aged
40 years. '
EPFrtemls- and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited- tq attend the funeral services
to-day, December 19, 1003, at 10 o'clock, at
t ho :>arlors of Julius S. Godeau, 305 Mont-
gomery avenue. Interment Maunt Olivet
Cemetery-
MURRAY — In this city, December 18. 1903,
. Mjldred Rose, dearly beloved daughter of
Charles F- and Katie Murray, .and twin
rister ol the late Milton D. Murray, a na-
tive qf. San Francisco, aged 22 days.
MURRAY— In this city, December 17. 1903,
' Thomas, beloved husband of the late Eliza-
beth Murray, and father of Thomas Murray
Jr..' a native of Yorkshire/England.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend . the. funeral to-day
(Saturday), at -9 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English, 20 -Van. Ncsb avenue,
• thence to St. Ignatius Church, where a re-
quiem mase will be celebrated for the repose
of his sou i. : commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment "Holy Cross Cemetery.
PRENTISS-^-In-'Fruitvale, December IS, 1903,
on -'Baker avenue, near San - Leandro road,
- Alonzo : Thomas, beloved husband of Vlr-'
glnia. Prentlss, and father of T.- W. and
Edward Thomas Prentlsi-and Mrs. Ruth E.
¦ Wilkinson; a native of Ohio, aged 84 years
¦7 months and 14 days.
PRISING— In Westport, Cal., December 18,
1903, George John, beloved husband of Caro-
line Prising, and father of F. W.. G. W.,
2 H. L. and O. H. Prising, a native of Ba-
varia, Germany. eiged'74 years and S months.
REARDON— In this city. December 18, 19C3J
Maggie ' Reardon, . beloved mother of Rena,
', Timothy, John. .Edward, Willie, Elizabeth
• and the late Thomas .and Mary Reardon,
¦ beloved . sister of Dan. Lizzie and Garrett
, McSweeney. Mrs. W. H. Colgan and the late
. ! Edward McSweeney, and be)q\-ed niece of
Garrett Stock-, and: the late Mrs. Kate Mc-
Carthy, .a native of County.' Cork. Ireland,
aged 35 years'. .' .-- ¦. " . :
' ICXRemalns at . the parlors of.. the Henry
\, J. Gallagher Undertaking Company, 20 Fifth
"street.' •• '.. "'. ¦' -' '[. ¦ ' ' -.. '. . /: .¦ ¦' J
RICHTER — In this • city, .' December 18, , 1903.
Martin Richter, dearly beloved husband I of
Ellse Richter, i a native of BaVaria, . Ger-
many, aged 51 years 5 month? and 27 days.
6HEEHAN— In this city, December 18, 1003,
Emma, , beloved ¦ wife of , 3ohnjiV. Sheehan.
devoted : mother of Helen Sheehan, daughter
of Mrs. M. Hons and the" late Fred Hons,
and sisljer .of Fred and "VVillle -Hons. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 24 years and &
months. ' - • ¦ ' -1
• -JCTFrfends* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, .711 Tennessee' strfet, between
Eighteenth - and Nineteenth, thence to St:'
Teresa's Church for ; services at' 1- o'clock.
.Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BTEIN— In" this city,, December 18, 1903. Mar-
tin titeln. dearly beloved son of I A. J. 'and
' Farah Stein, ;and brother, of J^Berjhine and
Irene Stein, a native' of San Francisco, aged
20 years and J^nbhths. "' * '--,¦' ¦"'
', :¦: (CTFrlenda and acquaintances a<e respect-
fully lnyUed.to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday),' at' 10, o'clock.' from his -late real-
' • dence, - 507 - Grove " street. Interment * Eternal
TO ALL THE WANT ADVERTISERS IN THE CHRISTflAS CALLPresto! the lights went out and up
went the curtain, showing a ... three
story house in flames. Men and women
in night attire were calling for aid from
the windows. - ¦
The next scene showed a street with
the crowd hurrying to the fire. | It was
perfectly real, for there were Police
Sergeant Dan Sylvester and Patrolmen
J. P. Hightower, J. -H. Sullivan, J. B.
Cavanaiigh, John Attridge, Jack Till-;
men and Harry Hook hurrying to the
conflagration. The stage swarmed
with men, women and children, and in
th» distance could be heard the sound
of the whistles of the approaching fire
apparatus.
out. Clang! Clang! went the gongs
and all was excitement. In an instant
the sleeping men were out of their
bunks. Down the sliding poles they
went. The prancing horses. Bell and
Buck,. of chemical engine 4, dashed for
the pole beneath the hanging harness.
In less than four seconds the hitch-up
was made and the engine was out of
the housej amid the cheers of the spec
tators. ¦ . • - . .
A beautiful framed picture^, makes ¦ a
good Christmas present. : The only large
assortment of good things is at. Sanborn
&.VaH's." ¦ , •
. BUTLER. Pa.. Dec. 18.— One death resulted
from typhoid fever to-day and : one new case
developed.- The fever cases now being treated
number 1050. *¦ ¦ ¦
Open To-Night
And every night until Christmas. Vogue
Cloak and Fur. Co., millinery and waists.
217 Grant avenue. - •
Forger Victimizes Two Merchants.
SAN MATEO, Dec. 18. — A forger
has been operating in this city, with
the result that two local merchants
were vlctlmlsad to the extent of $25
each. They were called on In turn by
a man who said he was employed on
the ranch of Peter /Casey, a wealthy
resident of this city, who had paid him
with a check. -He "'arrived in town
after banking hours and desired the
checks cashed: As the check's bore
Casey's name they were readily taken
by two merchants, but refused by
others. When the checks were re
turned from San Francisco they were
found to be bogus.
M. O'Brien, captain, engine^ company No. 2;
Charles Pakin, .captain, engine oompany No.
9; ' Henry -Mitchell, captain, j engine company
No. 34; Edward Kehoe, lieutenant, truck com
pany No. 3; Julius de Meyer, lieutenant truck
company. No. 7: Walter Boynton. lieutenant,
truck company No. 8; Eugene Valente hose
man, engine company No. 1 ; James McNamara
hoscican. engine company No.. 3; Joseph Con-
Ion.' hoseman. engine company No. 4; Charles
Gail&tln. hoseman. engine company No B*
William Hart, driver, engine company No. 6;
John Kenney. hoseman, engine company No^
10; G. Llnch&n. hoseman, engine company No.
12; Joseph Woods, hoseman; . engine company
No. 13; E. Llnderbere, honemnn, engine com
pany No. 14; J. Koopman. hoseman. engine
company No. 15; Claude . Brownell, driver, en
gine company No. 17; William Murphy, hose
man, engine company No.'18;'J. F. Meacham
hoeeman. ¦ engine company. No. 21; Edward
Doherty, hoecman, engine ' company No. 26-
William Siebert. hoseman, engine company No'
27; J. H. Enrlght. hoseman, engine company
No." 30; J. W. Parry, hoseman, engine com
pany No. 31; J. J. Casserly, hoseman, engine
company No. 33; William Nelper, hoseman,
engine company No. 35; G. W. Laliusen, hose
man, enjlne company No. 37; Thomas . Mc
,Gowan. driver, chemical No. 4; J. Coleman.
truckman, truck No. 1: William Connlff,
truckman, truck No. 2; F. J. Botvlan, truck
man, truck No. 4; Henry • McMahon, truck
man, truck No. 5; G. M. Boyson, ' truckman,
truck No.j.«; Charles Uhte, truckman, truck
No. 10; Prank Mlskel, truckman, truck No. 10;
Charles Claveau and J. H. Blakeley, operators.
When the flames became too fierce
for the firemen to use the life lines,
the Jumping net was brought into play.
From the fifty-foot height of the build
ing men and women were thrown into
the net held by the gallant men of the
fire department.
The police squad preserved order,
just as they do at real fires, and the ex
citement for half an hour was at fever
point.
As Manager Ackerman of the Grand
Opera-house .said .to Assistant Chief
Dougherty, after the rehearsal: "It is
the greatest thing ever seen ' on any
stage. Talk about 'Ben Hur.' If the
New York managers ever see this,
they would want it and could coin a
fortune out. of it. It beats anything I
have ever seen for excitement."
Chief Sullivan of the Fire Depart
ment and Assistant Chief John Dough
erty were present at.the rehearsal and
helped the men. in the work.. As both
officials said, after the display, "the
boys did Just as they do when answer
ing a genuine alarm."
The display by the firemen will be
given at every performance at the
Grand Opera-house during the coming
week. The men of the department who
gave the exhibition yesterday, of the
life-saving work were ¦ as follows:
Lieutenant M. Duddy, 'engine com
pany No. 16; Lieutenant F. A. Elleng
berger,- truck 9; Hoseman P. Brady,
gine 11; Hoseman W. J. Shields, en
gine 23; Hoseman E. J. Sheddy, en
gine 26; Captain E. Skelly, engine 24.
MEN WHO TAKE PART IN SCENE.
The men of the Fire Department who
took part in the display yesterday and
who will be seen during, the week's
benefit at the Grand Opera-house are
as follows: . . .
With a clang and a dash, up came the
fire engine, truck, chemical engine and
then* Assistant Chief O'Brien in his
buggy. The engine was in complete
working order, and pumped, as if the
very theater was threatened. The
firemen ran up their truck ladders and
scaled the heights with the scaling lad
ders. While men and women cried for
help, the firemen crawled like cats
over the building. Down they came
with men and women clinging to them,
sliding down the life lines with light
ning rapidity.
EXCITEMENT REIGNS.
SCENE IN THE THRILLING
DRAMA TO BE PRESENTED
AT FIREMEN'S BENEFIT.
There is no magazine on the news
stands — Eastern or Western — containing
such a large variety of brilliant fea
tures as does the holiday number of
Town Talk. It is a publication that will
be read from cover to cover. In ¦ both
artistic and literary merit it is an excep
tionally high class magazine. Its cover
is of chaste design in five colors, and
there are reproductions of some of the
best paintings by, California artists, and
also of the famous Madonna of Edelfelt.
from the only copy in this country. Ac
companying this illustration is. an adap
tation of the~Legend of the Finnish Ma
donna, from the pen of Anna Cox Ste
phens. Among the other contributors to
this superb magazine are Harry Cowell.
Herman Scheftauer, Klyn Hoffman, Louis
A. Robertson, John Roberts. Paul Clark,
E. D. Price. Louis J. Stellman. Arthur
Dutton. Mabel Porter Pitts. Irene Con
nell, Beatrice Hastings. Sarah William
son, Bessie Russell and Ellen Donovan..
The paper abounds in fiction, verse and
witticisms having the true holiday savor,
and all its features are unique in con
ception and novel in treatment. And not
withstanding the many special features,
the regular departments of this breezy
paper have not been neglected. The
Saunterer has the usual supply of social,
political and club gossip, end the timely
comment is as sprightly as ever. The
holiday number of Town Talk is a paper
that will be read from cover to cover. •
The Premier Mncazlne.
DKNVER-, Colo., Dec. 13.— General H.
C. Merriam to-day denied ever having
said that the. appointment of General
Wood would lower the moral standard
of the army."
"I can only say," added the general,
"that In the published interview my
words', were greatly enlarged upon,
and that I have been credited with
making an uncalled-for remark, which
cannot only be detrimental to myself
but to the army."
WASHINGTON, Dec. 18.— Secretary
Root to-day requested Brigadier Gen
eral H. C. Merrlam, retired, to inform
the department if he was quoted cor
rectly in an alleged interview in-Den
¦ver yesterday in which he is made to
say- that the President's appointment
of Leonard Wood to be major general
is generally unpopular with army men
and that such appointments tend to
unsettle the army and injure its mor
ality. The general was asked to make
such explanation as he may deem
proper.
Retired^ Officer Declares His
Statement Relative ; to Presi
dent's Friend Was Distorted
DENIAL MADE IN DENVER
Remarks About Leonard Wood
Attributed to General Mer
riam Arouse War Department
ROOT DEMANDS
EXPLANATIONS
THRILLING SCENES SHOWN
BY FIRE DEPARTMENT MEN
Battles With Flames and Saving Life Are Vividly Por
trayed atiGrand Opera-House Rehearsal of Drama to
Be Given in Aid of Firemen's Widows and Orphans
T^[£ SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1903.
A fine QTKirtet of -Sremen sang some
pleasins sce^s and then the men re
tired for the ir^fct. Only the watch
man was on daty, and Policeman Har
ry Hook made a hit In some comedy
lines -n hen he# visited the fire* engine
. quarters.
MIDATGHT^AIiARM RINGS TS.
•> Suddenly the*i .midnight alarm rang
Miss Txellie B- "Waters, daughter of
Battalion Chief Waters, first rendered
the overture to "William Tell" on the
slsigh bells ard proved herself a tal
ented manipulator of the pleasing mu
sical Instrument. ;
Excitement is sure to run high at the
benefit of th* Widows' and Orphans*
Aid Association of the Fire Department
vhich ccnu^ences to-morrow afternoon
at the Onicd Opera-house and contin
ues at each performance In the com
ing; K-eck.
Testerda-y afternoon the 'members of
tlie Fire Departroent that axe to take
part fcr the fir?: scenes at the theater,
to follo^r tie regular attraction, "The
L'-tt> Outcast." gave a private re
hearsal for ths press and a few invited
sraestr.
It Tras so realistic that some of the
firemen aad po!ice officers that took
part ir: tie lire drama forgot their
cnes sad \rcnt to work as if in every
day life.
The ilrst act of tie drama showed
the interior of an engine house, with
its engirif. horses, slidins poles, tele
graph instruments and sleeping quar
ters fcr the nen.
ADAMS' Irish . Moss Cough Balsam helps
from the first dose, cures in a day. 25c, SOc. *
SYDNEY. N. S. W.", Dec. 18.— The official
estimate of the wheat yield of New South
Wales is 28.570.000 bushels, an Increase of
12,500.000 bushels, compared- with the record
of the year 1901. About 18.300.000 bushels are
available ' for export. "
Try Plso's Cure for asthma. It often re
lieves at once. All druggists. , 25c. - •
BOMBAY, Dec. IS. — General de la
Rey. made a speech to the Boer pris
oners at Admadnagar to-day and suc
ceeded In persuading all but ten of
them to sign the oath of allegiance to
Great Britain. General de la" Rey
spoke for five hours. ;
Boer Prisoners Become Britons.
Some very swell wedding lnvltatlens com*
from Knowles. 24 Second street: Main 593- *
Despondent Carpenter Kills Himself.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 18.— &. H.
Prince, a carpenter, whose home is in
Carbondale, Colo., where he has a wife
and four small children, committed
suicide in his room on South Los An
geles street to-day by inhaling illumi
nating gas. Despondency over his
separation from his family is supposed
to be the cause. He left a note ad
dressed to his wife, saying:
"Dear Bertha — Don't let the kids
know how papa quit."
All leather goods lettered in gold free^
of charge. Sanborn, Vail & Co.. "41 Mar-*
ket st. ,*
Stage Struck Youth Lands in Jail.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 18. — Rene
Thorsch, a stage struck youth of 18,
whose home is in San Francisco, is
under arrest on a charge of vagrancy.
Thorsch told the court to-day that he
joined the Olympic Opera Company In
San Francisco and started on the road
with it, but at Redding his voice gave
out and he. wandered back to Sacra
mento. The case was passed on the
calendar in order to permit . Thorsch
to communicate with his parents in
San Francisco and ascertain If they
will take him back to their home.
Do you wear glasses? Properly fitting
glasses and Murine Eye Remedy promote
Eye comfort. Murine makes weak eyes
strong. Druggists and opticians. *: -
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 18. — Walter
Wheatland, a .whlte i man, whose home
'is -in' Los Gatos, was stabbed «in the
abdomen by a colored" man named A.
X.' Miller' on a downtown street at an
early hour tlhis morning. Wheatland
visited Sacramento about a year ago
and secured a loan from Miller, giv
ing him a watch as security. The
men met this morning and in an alter
cation about the loan and the value
of the watch Wheatland was stabbed
by Miller. ' The. wound Is serious, but
it is believed Wheatland will recover.
Dispute Is Followed by Stabbing.
Give Him a Camera.
Nothing could prove a more acceptable
Christmas present. Kirk. Geary & Co..
112 Geary street.
SALT LAKE, Dec. 18 S — At a meet
ing of 200 prominent business men of
this city held last night it was de
cided to organize a citizens' alliance
for the purpose of combating labor
unions and discouraging strikes and
lockouts.
J. S. Craig, president of the Citizens
Alliance of Colorado, was the princi
pal speaker. He severely scored la
bor unions, saying they are so strong
that they stop at nothing to attain
their ends.
Business Men Will Organize for the
Purpose of Preventing Strikes
and Lockouts.
SALT LAKE CITIZENS
W'ILL FIGHT UNIONS
THEATRICAL MAN AND
WIFE CREATE A SCENE
Woman Visits Room Unannounced and
Husband Jumps From Second-
Story Window.
WICHITA. Kans., Dec. 18. — Jeffer
son de Angelis, head of the Toreador
Company, jumped from a window of
the second-story of the Hamilton Ho
tel in this city last night while his wife
pounded at the door of the room and
demanded admittance. He struck the
roof of a small shed, bursting through
it. Inmates of the hotel were at
tracted to the scene by the screaming
of Mrs. de Angelis. who declared that
her husband was in the room of a
woman member of the company.
.Later she met her husband on the
stairway of the hotel and there was a
scene, which ended by threats of the
hotel manager to call the police.
GERMANY'S RUIiER SliAYS
ANIMALS IN ROYAL HUNT
Xine Stags and Three Boars Fan to
the Emperor Within Two Hours
, .. at Goehrde.
BERLIN, Dec. 18. — Emperor Wil
liam shot nine stags and three wiH
boars at Goehrde to-day. The for
esters beat up the game r^ist stations
where the Emperor and his guests
stood partially concealed behind pinea
and firs stuck in the ground. The
sport lasted two hours.
WORKMAN FAliLS FROM TOP
OF EIGHT-STORY BUILDING
Alights on His Feet and Escapes With
Two Broken hegs and a Severe
Shaking Up.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 18. — Lawrence
Baumgartner, a cement worker, fell
from the top of the eight-story Hunt-,
ington building, at the corner of Sixth
and Main streets, to-day, alighting on
his feet and escaping with two broken
legs and a severe shaking up. Baum
gartner was at work on the top floor
of the building, which is under course
of construction, and missing his foot
ing, fell, striking the Iron girders of
each successive floor, which turned
him over and over and served to break
the force of the fall. Baumgartner is
69 years of age.- He will recover.
16
ADVEST1SEMKNTB.
L*«m*j DOUBL.B v!SS5S~i
Two Gpeea»Trading Stamps for One To-bay
It was no surprise jwssterday to «ee this "tore jammed full, of customers Our'prlce*
were eo attractive tisat bcyers could well afford to engge In th« rain from all parts o: the
dtx to e« for a dollar aa inasy groceries as a dollar and a half would buy elsewhere.
Our price* for to-<Jay are even more attractive than last Saturday's were besides we
Eire you fiouble Et&raps.
3 lbs. Mixed Candies... ..25c Flaest Queen Olives 25c
2 lbs. Nfo Mixed Nuts* 25c 35e Jar Preserves :...........: .25c
3 rkS*. Stuffed Dates. .^. 25<j 35c Jar Jams.. 25c
S ptas. StaSert Fi*s. 2Oc 2 cans Lobsters ............35c
I^erpe Navel Oranges- 25c 2 cars Shrimps ....2Oc
Full .Creamery Butter 38c 2 cans Fln«st Peas......:.' 1....25c
Mission Hanch Ecss 35c 2 cans French Peas ..45c
F«iC7 Cranberries ..., 12^4e 2 e-sr.s R.' R: ' Pudding .45c
Fuil Cream Cheese. 2 lbs 2Se 2 cans Mushrooms ..45c
3 cans Maine Corn 35c 1 can A*pararus , .20c
Finest California. Tarto^ys 24e Ripe Olives, qt ......20o
Imp. Sardines. 3 for.. 25c Re«. 23c Assorted Cakes 2 pkgs..,.. .. .35c
Finwt Bananas, dozen 2«kj 7 pk^s. Cleaned Currants J SOc
Jar Hreakf».«t. Cheese 15e S 1-lb. pkgs. R&lslns ....*. 25c
Jar Rochrfort Cheese J5c Pe«ls of all kinds 2 lbs 2.%c
Jar nrie Cheese 15c Fancy Eatlnx Aspics, box 80c
Jar Anchovy. Past© 15e .Preserves or Jams, pall .......40c
Jar L«nrh Herrinir 15c 3 lbs M!nc« Meat 25c
Blanche Peanuts. Jar 2Oc Finest Eastern Hams, lb '. 14Wc
fia.H«<S P^nuts. jar 2Oe 5-lb can Home-made Lard, per pail. . . .4JSe
I>e\-{led Cheese. Jar 15e Flnwt Kaztern Bacon, lb. .....:.. .....lOVio
After IMnner Cheese J5c Mackerel, per kit 91.25
Nut Butter. Jar ...„ 15c Sulraon Bellies, per kit...... 1W)«-
Pure Olive OU. qtr «5e Best Callfornl* Flour.. sack '. .f 1.15
2 bottles Best Ca.tsup 35c -.Hand-made Chocolate Drops. lb.' . . ,2."c
Vi'e have for to-day 300 Cailforr.l* Fat Turkeys "on sale per lb - - ' 24c
V.e vlsh to inform our customers <hat Turkeys will not be as "high" as' 'they "were
Thsr.kfrlvinir. If you are rolng to buy a Turkey or Poultry of 'any kind, or Nuts.
Orar.se*. Banana*. Camiies. Apple*. Cranberries ' or Canned -Goods- .of any kind, come
h " rn - *"•" «*Y* >: ou «t least 20 per cent. Also remember we give "on every article
purchased Green Trading Stamps.
If you want Wines or Liquors of any kind cone here to-day and buy at the fol-
*•? W 1 T*^ y)T5C©S * . * . .'¦¦¦»¦ rj
Importea Jamaica TXum R2.75 Imports Vermouth, gal ...*. «1.50
,l,c Clsrrt. ral 35c *5 Irish Whieky ral . S2.5O
$."? to $4 P^iurboTi cr Rye W*h!?liy £2.15 B-jear-o!d Maryland Rye "si AS
Old Kemurky TThisky. eal «1.G5 $1 'bottle b" k°and Rv¥ . . :::".: /.I" .T BOc
S-year-old P.randy . 1 «t2.W S5 to *fl Bourbon or Ry* Whisky . . H3.O0
nfiSEZSSlSJSS i Whl?ky i f r '2S i* *» •? Bourbon or Rye Whisky ?2.50
Old Forester Gin. gal J 1^^ %l hottl " Jamaica Rum ..:T.OOc
$5 Scotch Whisky «"J..%<> ft-ytar-oM McBrayer Whlskv bottle .".Oc
7-yearK.ld Baltimore Bourbon, gal.. ..91.75 S5c bottle Port^ Sherrv ? '"2OC
IY% £2T"« !' I ?,'m ( ? 1 22° ! l bottle BIlv " Crescent Whisky " ".'."bOc
S1.25 bottle Malt W hinky 5Oc *1 «Flne Old Gin . 5Oe
«1.25 bottle Irlrti or Scotch Whisky COc $1.10 Apricot Brandy " BOc
Old P^-h Brandy, gal M.4O « Old Brandy "nOc
O!d Tom Gin. e»\ ...! *2.25 S1.25 full ouart Fernet" *"ODc
Blarkberrj- Brandy, gal f2.00 25c bottle Claret .™.......; " irlc
*1 FeRch Brandv ....5Oe »1.25 bottle Vermouth .. 5Oc
$1.25 O P. S. Whisky, battle «Oe Imported Holland Gin gal ...'...'..'. 62.50
Most all Bitter*, per bpttle 65c H.50 Port or Sherry'. «5c
All California B^ers. per dos«n 91.10 Imported - Benedictine, per bottle ./.".'.50c
Free dell\-crr to all parts of city and suburbs. Including all places within 100 miles.
Orders sent us by mail during thaee six days will be filled and shipped promptly. We
are rivirar you the advantage of our creat buying power for this week. WE WILL. BE
OPE.V -EVENINGS UNTIL AFTER THE HOLIDAYS.
1049 MARKET ST.. OPP. JONES OR MCALLISTER. OR HIBERNIA BANK PHONE
FOUTH 634.
Last Christmas Saturdayfor the Children
c '"• •' ¦ C Let them r~-t all -the Christmas fun out of it they can.
nr»<*n-To«»Nicrht I-'-- | - Let them see Santa Claua come down out of the clouds to-night go along-
V/pen 1U l^llgiii. I the top of the building and down the chimney, and see.- him till the stock-
And Every Business Evening Till i n gs at the fireplace.
Christmas See that glimpse of Toyland in the window, where every now and then
c/trwreuj. Santa Claus goes whlsklngr across it in h!s sleigh.
O " . f n g ee Santa Claus' ice palace up there in the court, as real as life. Maybe if
Christmas GlOVCS you " ok lnto one ot thoso caves to-night you can see the old fellow at
jj. TT r ,l,>c. • See Santa Claus' Art Gallery on the second floor, where there are more
*fl,Z AlU'bt- is. than 6000 Santa Claus pictures on display. .
The pretty Styles are here. See the toys and dolls and playthings on the third floor. While they
Tf U'c - /rpc;^ P-love let it be are looking you may buy
®SMi|$ ill $1.50 Children's Writing Desks for 95c
Paris favorite. ' Good strong ones in hard wood, highly polished. Lift uo the lid and
Our 3-clasp Blanche Suede IS ¦ ?there is a blackboard in which is a place to keep the books and pencils,
"St -o and our "-clasp Tanforan 'just like the desks thev have at school. This is the first time we have
; ?. 3 - . 1 „" mentioned them in the naoer.
Dent glOVe IS 9I.5O. Shoofly, with two mottled horses, wooden seat. 55c.
Triian wp have five leading: Fancy trumpets, 5c. 10c. 15c. 25c and 50c.
inen We na\e nvc i«ujh 5 Doll oak folding tables. 12^x19 inches long. C5c.
StvleS at $1 OO. * a5c Jointed Dolls at 10c. It's another new offer to-day: so extra we don't
/„ „ ¦„<-»„-_«--_ B-inv- the 2-clasp expect to have one of the dolls on hand at closing time to-night. They
¦ P 1q?e walk^B K To™e. t^e l-cl«p capS have pretty bisque heads, curly hair, composition bodies; 11 inches tall.
Rlove, the 2-clasp niccha glove and a
liSSSI^i^ -Girls' Coats==$5.00, $6.75
have "her" pick. out her own glove3 , That's less than thev can be made for to-day.
after Christmas Beautiful kerseys in blues and castors; soft,
/y' a TT '"¦ }> £~\<^yi silky, pure wool material in medium weight —
irli'6 HeV nner v t ' ar than- goes into 55 and $6 coats. Then
• n TTnlp G-'nve Order. .W^&gJssP^ look at the styles, at the fancy buttons, at all the
fb naib Ur.UOV J$M&?1%[ inlaid velvet trimmings. They both have loose ,
It's good at any of Hales ?& box backs, large puff sleeves.
Stores "in the State. j &L^^[ The $6.7S ones have capes.
sacramemo. | a r, n J n 0 , 6e - . Look at the Mackintoshes, $2.25.
peuuima. Los AngeU.. j£ $W/\ \ There is the large cape, the inlaid velvet col- '
San Francisco. , 'I i^S lar and the fancv plaided lining. There is every
It's as much a gift as a monev or- ¦ /^g^/ \^\ size, 34 to 52. We have sold out of them three
der would be and even more so than / J> \ or £ our ti mes this year and had to get some in
a pair of gloves. In this wav she /• 1/ o CJ £ I every time bv express. Wonder if there are
- may do her own selecting and per- / j± . £)g/ enough to go around now?
haps be better suited \^\ y fl/ children's Fur Sits.
IT ', \\ n r, /M° Ql 1 The cutest ones vou can get for Christmas
UmbrellaS. \ \ j ; C for the Uttle girl. And how proud the little one
Some special holiday ones at Hi ! will be with one of these collarettes^ about her
$^8t and $4 so that vou would i^Jf • neck and her hands in a pretty mufr. Here s a
think for all the world Were $6.00 \ .^-**^ 4 '^ sct as low as $x -- so - The muff ! Persian
and $700. They're exceptional. * lamb: the collarette trimmed with Angora fur.
Take a look at them. Then if you % |W 1^ Other two-piece sets, Angora fur, S2.50
want one for quick use «&* an<^ $-}-95- . . . ,, .. ,
7, rr 1 ry*- n \MiL rl $^ for a two-piece set of Astrakhan with long
! . Bib'/ Tliese at 7OC V collarette and round muff.
A little special lot we iust got vil ' $6.7.1 for a two-piece set, Angora and white
hold of — worth 85c to SioO — of <^ t^^^ imitation ermine, small round muff and long col-
English Gloria cloth with 26-inch larette.
paragon frame; prettv line of han- . — — — — - ,. ,
dies in gold, silver, horn. Dresden House Coats. Talking machine Dept.
and pearl; button, ball and .crook . • Investigate our machines and '
shapes. / G^ A °" e u?T°». records before purchasing elsewhere
• x n A* Here's a 'plcndid one at $-US for Christmas. You will save
Christmas Candies, g| of them bv .
?ou glt^d candies You get, FafteV t 2TW thSSft t^v^woulS bility^in g
than is usuallv. asked. To-day it's and on up t°'$io.o°- " daytime. aranteed t0 flt
ACmwinl "Dlvif" Taffv 'loirjT fUtiff *%$¥ ' any machine made. Ask for
special LMXie iail>. I^^JML^^M/ M& - <**}¦ ,. our exchange system. State
Kach mouthful comes X2f^>*»2S^»?y &SHn£%b J$2& /4!&^&\ *Ff&S&x2i when writing- whrther your
rolled up in tissue paper anil /fi'lffif /"jZ/ -£&E&8fLi tEsLiA 0&H5I«$£' TTffP^W? mnchlne uses flat di«cs nr
chunks enclosed in a tight /Mx/ -^*^Zf supplied upon application.
chewins candy, flavored with • -^j,. *™9Gt£b GOGSP^^ 0^ Buy Your Calendars To-Dzy.
nuts. ' ; ¦_ fca *' *^^ j
MASKS BROS. ,..^ ww ,^
HOLIDAY SALE OF RIBBONS I
RIBBON NOVELTIES TIED FREE OF CHARGE.
, Every kind of Ribbon for making or adornintf Christmas gifts, cr to be given as I
presents In themselves, at remarkably low prices.. - , - * ¦¦•¦¦¦ \
f% L . kl I A variety of new dainty ideas so "
LUriStmaS NeCkWBCir appropriate for gifts, and so reason-
i ably priced. -
J Commencing at 15c, Ascending Upwards to $3.00 | .
Dainty Boxes Also go With all Purchases.
Handkerchiefs for Everybody 's Christmas
ALWAYS WELCOME AND ALWAYS NEEDED.
Some are embroidered- and lace edged, some are plain hemstitched and some are
embroidered with 6calloped edges. All handkerchiefs sold now are packed In neat
boxes If you desire (no extra charge). Large variety to select from.
10c 15c 20c 25c 35c Upwards
Corsets— Are You* Perplexed What to Give ?
• COME TO OUR "CORSET DEPARTMENT.
.. $1.25 Corset $2.00 Corset $2.50 Corset $3.00 Corset
At $1.00 At $1.50 I At $2.00 At $2.50 \
HOLIDAY HOSIERY
Priced much below Its real value. It's suitable for Dractlcal Christmas gifts.
We DUt In a fancy box If you desire.
At 25c ; At 35c
I Women's UtoDla black W o m e n's Imported
drop stitch HOSIERY. Maco thread HOSI-
allk finish. Reg. 35c ERY: Hermsdorft dye. '
quality.. « A good SOc Tolae. ¦
At 50c At 18c At 75c
Women's all over lace Women's HOaE; extra Women's J™^^*' 1
lisle HOSE: lace an- fine quality of cotton. over lace -»«• «" =*:
kles. Sold regularly Sold all other days for /ERY. A good $1.00
for 75e. • 25c. - quality.
LEATHER GOODS MAKE SUITABLE GIFTS: ""]
CARRIAGE AND, AUTOMOBILE BAGS Are Appropriate ; Gifts for Any Woman.
75c Bag $1.00 Bag $1.25 Bag ' $2.00 Bag ,$2.50 Bag $3.00 Bag \
At 50c At 75c At $1.00 At $1.45 At $1.98 At $2.45
I Off Children's WRIST BAGS of s«;ar and alligator; in all the leading I :'_
| 4J0C ghades: special to-day at 25c.. Sold regularly for COc. i \
HOLIDAY BELTS— 25c Upwards to $3.00.
An endless" variety of newest style » In braid, elastic and silk, each In a neat box.
RARE BARGAINS IN POINT VENISE LACE COLLARS. I
$2 00 Collars $2.50 Collars $3.00 Collars $3.50 Collars $4.00 Collars
At $1.45 At $1.95' At $2.45 At $2.95 At $3.45,
SPLENDID VALUES IN KNIT UNDERWEAR.
75c 50c 95c
Women's wool VESTS; W o me n's \ sleeveless Women's Imported wool
-long^lwvw pants to VESTS; .ilk and lisle r VESTS: long sleeves:
match; colors gray or mixed. Sold regularly «11 colors: .pants to
.white. ?1. quality. for 7Sc. -: • w ¦,-. ,. ;--..; match.. >1.25 value.
OPENEVEN'INGS UNTIL CHRISTMAS. . . *' ;
GREEN TRADING STAMPS WITH ALL PURCHASES. ¦
MARKS BROS. H0NEST VAL0ES
1220-1222-1224 MARKETSTREET
ADVEBTISEB-EUT3. 7
Weathered OaK |
Flemish Oak j
Golden OaK
Furniture
20% DISCOUNT I
: From Regular Prices : I
DINING-ROOM h
FVRNTTVBE F
BEDBOOM FURNTTUPE \l
: LIBRARY FURNITURE p
HALL FURNITURE |
| CHAS. M. PLUM a CO.!
$ Ninth and MarKct Streets |
WRwmmMm