SAN FRANCISCO, SATUBDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1903;
TOLUME XCIY— NO. i25.
\ EBICE : FI&E ¦ dHNTia,
CALONICA, Macedonia, Oct. 2.— It is reported on good authority that
V-? documents found on a Bulgarian soldier killed at Razlog, bearing the
signature of Bulgarian officials, tend to show that the Bulgarian Govern
ment was concerned in the organization of the revolution. The documents
are being brought here by special messenger.
SHEFFIELD.. "England,-/ Oet. 2T-U
Speaking 6t the . prpspscts" : ot Ithe
party. Premier- "Etalfoijr . declared
to-day • .the Uqionlst • party . was
never in better neart»and its opponents
were never, mora-'lxopclessly : embarrassed.
So long es his Majesty VouM suppjtjr'^the
Government of whrch' he was -the head
he wouid peyer*'th"ink',of deserting^ the
cause for which h« was •responsible. .* Ho
had had no doubt as to the future of." the
party or the-future-.of. the .empire so .long
as the party- worked together.' • : . • . " -
The attendance to-day &t : tb.9 conference
of the Conservative .• association was
much smaller than : yes^erdJiy. the open?
ing day. The differences b) ihe party on
the fiscal question were again emphasized
in the debate and ultimately, it? the in
terest of unity, Henry. ' Chaplin,- M. P.,
former President. of the Board of Agricul
ture and a lifelong* protectionist, with^
English; vF?r$rryier
Has ; Np /Fears ; : .
4 of Failure,; 'v
UNIONIST STRENGHT
INSURES A TRIUMPH,
DECLARES BALFOUR
SOLDIER'S DOCUMENTS PROVE BULGARIA'S SANCTION OF REVOLT
Turks and Insurgents Battle in Moun=
tains and Inhabitants of Mehomia
Perish in Massacre.
JAPANESE EXPLAIN
THEIR MMOBILIZATION
OF TROOPS IN KOREA
Vessel Is Lost in
the Harbor of
Mazatlan.
BARK CLARA
SINKS WITH
ALL ABOARD
DIPLOMATIC REPRESENTA
TIVE OF JAPAN AT COURT
OF ST. JAMES.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GUAYMAS, Mexico, Oct. 2.— A special
dispatch to the Mail from Mazatlan gives
the news of a shipwreck inthat harbor In
which the entire crew— twe'nty-flve men—
of the German bark Clara lost their lives.
The Clara attempted to enter the harbor
In a storm, which had lasted for four
days, and was dashed to pieces on the
rocks. The lbss on the cargo is estimated
art $25,000.
The bark was first seen by the life-sav
ing crew and several men at once re
sponded to her distress signals, putting
out from shore in a heavy sea which al
most swamped their small boat. The
bark, however, was dashed to pieces on
the rocks and sunk before they could
, reach her: ' The storm was breaking with
such force on the shore that the rescuers
with difficulty reached the station. One
of (heir cumber who attemtped to rescue
The court finds that the companies have
been very ready to maintain that ttte sec
tion of the constitutional provision relat
ing to the granting of rights in the streets
•was self-executing and holds that no.dis
tinction can be made In this respect as
regards the privilege given cities by the"
same provision to fix the maximum rates
that may be charged for gas and other
tlludinaticg material,
J." C. Carter and 'Paul J.- DennViger,
tnanag-crs of the Foirsona and- Ontario
Light and Fuel Company, were arrested,
for. charging and collecting more "than
$1 50 per thousand feet for gas, as pro
vided "for by the ordinance, and the test
case decided to-day resulted.. It was
maintained .by. the gas company that the
provision of article 11, section 19 of ¦ the
constitution gixing cities the right to
grant -to gas and electric companies the.
right to use the streets and to regulate
the charges made by companies was not
eclf-executing with regard to the fixfri»
of the charges, but that some special leg
islation was required. •
LO*S >.NGELtS, Oct. 2.— Judge Curtis
D. "Wilb&r of the Superior Court to-day
delivered,, a sensational ard far reaching
derision. It Is; in effect, that the govern
ing' body^ of «AJiy city in the State may
pass aa /ordiiyuice fixing the maximum
rates thf.'t may be ch^ged for ga3 and
electricity use<J tot lighting purposes.
The dee'sicn is o t f deep, cutting import
ance ana if upheld by ti"»e Supreme Court,
as Is locally anticipated, any city „ can
regulate the price "of llluminants, and
lighting companies will be 4 subject to the
Earne control as water •com; anles. The
point has never -before been passed upon
by'.the Superior Court an«i came up in
habeas corpus proceedings brought in a
Pomona gas ' case. City Attorney Rob
ert G. Loucks-of that place drafted an or
dinance UDon which the fight was made.
I.t Vas passed against strong opposition
arid' the decision is a victory for* him.'
Special Dispatch to Th« Call
Upholds Ordinance
¦Passed by City
¦'.;¦ of Pomona. .
COURT RULES
AGAINST THE
GAS COMPANY
Continued on Page 2 4 Column 0.
Abstraction of Fifteen Silver Chalices
Follows Theft of Seven Gold
Candlesticks.
ROME, Oct. 2.— Fifteen, silver chalices
have mysteriously ' disappeared from ; the
sacristy of St. Peter's. The authorities
are much concerned, especially > as this
last follows the theft of seven gold can
dlesticks. The police are endeavoring; to
trace the abstracted articles and 'the cul
prlts.
SACRISTY OF ST. PETER'S
ROBBED A SECOND TIME
Many Persons Injured in. Collision
of Orient Express and a
Freight Train.
BELGRADE, Servia, Oct. 2.— The Ori
ent express, bound for Constantinople,
ran into a freight train to-day at Pasua,
Hungary, near the Servia frontier. Many
persons were injured. x
-..The - Princess Clementine, ' mother • of
Prlnee Ferdinand oTf Bulgaria. ; and. the
Iatter's children were on the express, but
they were uninjured. S3
CHILDREN OF PRINCE
FERDINAND IN WRECK
BRAINERD, Minn., Oct. 2.— Four wom
en have been drowned on Long Lake
while attempting to ford the narrows.
They were Mrs. . Vet Borders, Mrs. Alice
HurdK her" daughter , '. and . two young
daughters • of > Mrs. . Borders. The women
were driving home and in .attempting to
ford .a.- narrow arm of Long Lake their
vehicle ..wa*' overturned .and all ; were
drowned* • \ • . . .' ;. —^
Overturning of a Vehicle in Nar
rows Causes Sad Loss of
Life.
FOUR WOMEN DROWNED
WHILE FORDING A STREAM
a sailor from the Clara, who was cling
ing to a spar, was himself drowned in a
heroic effort to reach the unfortunate
man.
As soon as the force of the storm les
sened the J. Ives Lilmantour, a larger
vessel, which had weathered the storm In
the shelter of some. islands near the har
bor, went to the rescue, but was, too late,
as the bodies of the unfortunate sailors
and the wreckage of the boat was already
strewing the shore. A number of other
vessels are believed .'to have been lost in
the severe storm that' has been raging
along • the west coast of Mexico for > the
past four days*. -- — -'
NEW YORK, Oct. 2.— Former Vice
President Levi P. Morton is confined to
his residence here by a severe cold, con
tracted several days ago. In view of
Morton's advanced age some anxiety is
felt by his friends, although he Is said
to be in excellent physical condition.
L«vi P. Morton Hi!
VIENNA, Oct. 2.— As a result of a
reconciliation recently brought about be
tween Emperor ' Francis Joseph and the
King of Belgium concerning the Iatter's
attitude toward his daughter, Princess
Stephanie, whose first marriage was with
the Austrian Emperor's second son, the
late Archduke Rudolph. King Leopold will
arrive In •.Vienna ; In the middle of this
month on a visit to the Emperor. The
announcement causes general surprise.
Brings an Announcement That
Causes Surprise.
Reconciliation With" Francis Joseph
KING OF THE BELGIANS
WILL VISIT IN' AUSTRIA
Northern Pacific Railway Officials
Receive Another Letter From a
Mysterious Scource. -
LIVINGSTON, Mont., Oct. 2.-Northern
Pacific Railroad officials have, it is said,
received another ; anonymous letter mak
ing a threat against the company's prop
erty. This time the dynamiters propose
to blow up the handsome new depot at
this place, one of the finest structures of
the kind In the "West. •
The railroad officials have adopted a
policy of secrecy and refuse to discuss
the matter.
DYNAMITERS THREATEN
TO BLOW UP A DEPOT
BALTIMORE, Oct. 2.— At a late hour
to-night the physicians in attendance
upon Archbishop Kain reported that he
was resting easily, although all admit
that the condition of the patient Is ex
tremely critical.
Archbishop Kain. Rests Easily but
His Condition Is Not
Encouraging.
FRIENDS FEAR DEATH
HEARS A NOTED PRELATE
NEW YORK. Oct. 2.— "Word was re
ceived here to-night that F. H. Crosby,
alias E. A. Bell, alias Hammond, alias
Crawford, had been ( arrested at Denver,
accused of stealing a mall pouch con
taining $500,000 of negotiable bank paper
at Philadelphia -on the night of Septem
ber 8,' and with 'several crimes. Including
swindling and forgery.
It Is alleged that Crosby arrived in this
country from Crewe, England, last sum
mer and went to Asbury Park, N. J.,'
where he posed as a fruit speculator.
Man Arrested in Denver Supposed to
Have Stolen Half a
Million.
POLICE BELIEVE THEY
HAVE A NOTED THIEF
San Francisco Officials Must Explain
the Detention of Brother of
: Chinese Minister.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2.^-In anticipation
of a protest to the State Department by
the Chinese Minister in the matter of the
detention of Liang Hsun, brother of the
Minister, and the party that accompanied
him to the United States, the officials of
the immigration * bureau have called on
the inspector at \ San Francisco to make
an Immediate report of all the circum
stances surrounding; the case.-
LONDON, Oct.. 2.— A dispatch to the Chronicle from Viepna
quotes reservedly, believing that it is grossly exaggerated, a
report published in a local paper at Charnovitz that a mas
sacre of Jews was perpetrated at Mohileff, near Kishenev, on
Thursday. :..:.: " ' :
On Wednesday the rabbi at Mohileff warned the Jews not to
go to' the synagogue' on the following day, which was "recon
ciliation day," as a mob, including the neighboring peasantry, in
tended to assault the synagogue. He advised 'vthe Jews to arm
themselves, which they did.
Bands entered the town on Thursday, says the paper, and
assailed the Jews, who resisted. The massacre lasted all : day.
Three hundred Jews and 100 Christians were killed. . .The popu
lation of 'Mohileff is 50,000, 25,000 of whom are Jews.
The Berlin correspondent of the Daily Express sends a simi
lar story. He says that what was intended to be a massacre be
came a sanguinary fight, which was waged with the greatest fury.
The streets were strewn witfc bodies of Jews and their perse
cutors.
IMMIGRATION BUREAU
ASKS A FULL REPORT
Special Dispatch to The Call.
drew his ."rider," m-oyed yesterday
(thanking Jcseph Chamberlain, 'the for
mer Colonial Secretary, for. his patriotic
efforts and expressing approval .of any
practical scheme to promote a closer po
litical and commercial union of the em
pire). . .v_M;.>
HARMONY AT MEETING.
Thereupon Sir John E. Dorington's offi
cial resolution of yesterday was carried
unanimously, Sir John Gorst saying in
behalf of this Free Fooders; that they did
not desire any more amendments..
In withdrawing tht •'rider." which
promised to. further disrupt the ranks of
the Unionists, Mr. Chaplin explained that
he was convinced, after hearing Mr. Bal
four's speech of last, night,- that It would
be mischievous to press the matter, as It
•was directly hostile.^ io the Premier and
nothing was further. 1 from his views. 1
Lord Hugh Cecil, M. P., and Winston
Churchill, M. P., subsequently announced
that they had neither voted for .nor
against the Dorington resolution. After
'the passage of a resolution urging the
Government to take steps to Insure the
efficiency of the administration the con
ference terminated.
PRAISE FOR CHAMBERLAIN.
Mr. Balfour went on to say that recent
events had not substantially divided the
party, but they had divided the Govern
ment and the parting of old friends had
been accompanied by reyret Beth those
who went and those who stayed were de
voted to the Unionist party, the Govern
ment and the empire. They had lost the
greatest. Colonial Minister tho country
had ever seen. His services could not be
exaggerated. He had to leave Mr. Cham
berlain to express his own views, which
did not differ a hair's breadth from his
(Balfour's).
Although Lord Mllner had declined the
Colonial Secretaryship, Mr. Balfour add
ed, he was in entire agreement with
the Government on its Imperial domestic
policy. Mr. Balfour further remarked
that he had failed to convince Lord Mll
ner that he could better deal with the
delicate South African questions in Down-
Ing street than on the spot. -
Asked to elucidate certain points la his
speech of to-day Mr. Balfour told a re
porter that the statement that Mr. Cham
berlain's opinion did not differ from his
own did not refer to the fiscal problem,
but merely to the reasons which Induced
Mr. Chamberlain to resign. He admitted
that he and Mr. Chamberlain were agreed
In principle of the fiscal problem and
added: '
LOVES THE COLONIES.
"Mr. , Chamberlain recognizes that the
country Is not yet prepared to discuss the
taxation ot food, but he tells me that
he Is bound with the colonies and will
therefore act as a missionary &9 regards
the food Question."
Lord Mllner has cone abroad, but will
return to London -In the middle of Octo
ber, before starting 1 for South Africa. It
is understood that Mr. Balfour has com-
Christians and Jews Declared to Have Been
% ; Attacked Near Town of Kishenev.
mob Slaughters hundreds,
say reports from russia
pan and China, but that it has no connec
tion with. the differences between Japan
and any other power. The officials refuse
to comment upon the explanation.
LONDON, Oct. 2.— Baron Hayashi, the
Japanese Minister here, has no news of
the movements of Japanese troops to Ko
rea, announced from Paris yesterday. In
an interview to-day the Minister said:
"From the published accounts I am cer
tain that any movements of troops ; are
only the routine relief of the Japanese
forces guarding the telegraph line from
Fusan to Seoul and Chemulpo. To send a
small body of troops to Korea would be
no menace to Russia and would have no
effect on her plans. A mobilization of
the Japanese forces on a large scale is
not contemplated for a moment, and Ko
rea's consent would have to be obtained
for any such step."
The Minister added that he still believed
Russia intended to keep her promiso to
evacuate Manchuria October 8. Until that
promise was broken Japan was not likely
to make any move. The Japanese troops
guarding the telegraph lines were sta
tioned in Korea with the assent of Rus
sia, as well as Korea.
W. Prltchard Morgan, Consut General
of Korea in London, also has no informa
tion on the subject. He suggested, how
ever, that the time was coming when the
powers should agree to Korea being de
clared an independent neutral State like
Belgium. ; '?'":-; ! *> ; ?"V>;^^
DISTINGUISHED MEMBERS OF THE ENGLISH PARLIAMENT WHO ARE TAKING AN ACTIVE PART . IN
THE SENSATIONAL DISCUSSIONS "WHICH HAVE AROUSED ALL THE PEOPLE OF THE UNITED KING
DOM SINCE THE RECENT SURPRISING CRISIS IN THE MINISTRY.. .•.:.--• "
tion given of Japan's moving troops
to Korea is calculated to remove suspi
cion concerning her action. The number
ot troops is estimated at between 8000 and
10,000. '; : v'
Japan explains that the movement is
part of a plan\ of experimental mobiliza
tion for the purpose of showing her abil
ity to mobilize a considerable forco in
connection with the friction between Ja-
PARIS, Oct. 2.— Information received
here through a censorship at St.
Petersburg shows that the explana-
news.
Mehomia is an important town and
the seat of the local government. The
population was, about equally divided
between Turks and Bulgarians. The
latter numbered 3200 persons.
According to the fugitives. - when the
general rising was declared in the Razr
log distinction .Sunday the Turkish
troops in the Perin Mountains hurried
to Mehomia and surrounded the town,
rendering the, escape of the Christians
impossible.,. ;: ._££, ,./
The. Bulgarian people were prepared
to join in the rising, several insurgents'
agents being in the Bulgarian quarter
of the town at the time. Desperate
fighting occurred in the streets, bombs
and dynamite being freely used. . After
fighting for five or six hours the Turks
gained the upper hand and proceeded
to massacre every Bulgarian they en
countered.
LONDON, Oct. 2.— With the excep
tion of the revolutionary report of the
massacres at Mehomia. which is iden
tical with the town of Razlosr. there is
little news from the Balkans.
The semi-official Journal de St. Pe
tersbourg, commenting on the visit of
the Czar to Emperor Francis Joseph,
declares that the firm languaee em
ployed by the representatives of the
Russian and Austrian Governments at
Constantinople and Sofia has averted
war for the present.
A dispatch from Constantinople says
the Anatolian troops recently called out
are merely intended to displace" the un
ruly troops who are responsible for the
excesses, so the actual effectiveness of
the army in Roumelia will not thereby
be increased.
The Macedonian revolutionary head
quarters assert that they have positive
information that the whole Christian
population of the town of Mehomia
(Razlog), ~ province of Seres, were
massacred September 28.with the excep
tion of ten men, who escaped with the
SOFIA, Oct. 2. — Five engage
ments are reported to have
taken place in the vicinity of
Kratovo, where 5000 Turks
were attacked by revolution
ary bands, and though many Turks were
killed the insurgents were completely
routed. One of the' leaders of the lat
ter, Lieutenant Tonchoff, committed
suicide in order to avoid capture.
A report from the insurgent head
quarters asserts that 6060 Turks were
routed by 2000 insurgents in the Perin
Mountains after four days' fighting.
The Turkish losses in this affair are
said to have been, the heaviest during
the whole outbreak. They included
three colonels and : many officers of
lower rank.
MASSACRE OF THOUSANDS.
Military Activity Is
Not Meant for
War.
The San Francisco CallContinued From Page 1, Column 7.
UNIONIST STRENGTH.
pleted his Cabinet and that the names of
the new Ministers will be announced on
Monday. Ho and the Earl of Selborne
have gone to Balmoral.
The temp«r of a section of the Unionist
party at Mr. Balfour's going 1 over prac
tically to the Chamberlain standpoint is
shown by the fact that tho Standard gives
great prominence to an anonymous letter
Ironically suggesting that as Lord Mllner
has declined to Join the Cabinet the va
cant seats should be given to James Low
ther, Mr. Chaplin and Sir Charles Howard
Vincent as a reward for their consistent
advocacy of protection, an advocacy
which hitherto has mot with only scorn
and derision. '
To Cure a Cold - in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo : Quinine Tablets. All
riruKKlsty refund the money If it falls to 'cure.
& .W. ..Qroyo'a stoiatura tat ja» eacl» box. 25c»i
VICTORIA, B. C, Oct. 2.— Alfred J.
Frtlz, who shot and killed F. K. Bailey,
naval storckeper at Esquimau on June 27
in one of the naval storehouses at the
navy yard, was found guilty this evening
*oA:<tant«nnfl<t-jautift Jaangefl: liovem^b.er 27 t
Must Pay the Death Penalty.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 2.— Hattie McAr
thur, aged 6 years, was run over by a
heavy wagon loaded with sand this after
noon and sustained injuries from which
she cannot recover. That death was not
almost instantaneous is considered little
short of a miracle. Her. chest and abdo
men were crushed by the* wheels of the
wagon, and one of her hips was badly
mashed. The wagon carried five tons of
sand. .
Wagon Wheels Crush Little Girl.
MARYSVILLE, Oct. 2.— N. L. Roblson
was arrested here to-day on a charge of
obtaining money under false pretenses.
He Is wanted at Chico, where it is alleged
he drew a draft on Blgsinger & Co. of
San Francisco and had It cashed by A.
C. Heinbach, a grocer of Chico. Robison
has been employed by W. B. Summer &
Co. of San Francisco, buying hides.
San Franciscan Under Arrest.
SALINAS, Oct 2.— Thomas Meyers and
William McCarthy, under arrest at Mon
terey on a charge of having stolen a mail
sack at that place Sunday night, have
made such damaging admissions as leave
no doubt that they are the right par
ties and that they are also connected
with the brakeman and others now under
arrest for looting freight trains.
Makes Damaging Admissions.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 2.— A special to
the Oregonlan ' from Olympla, Wash.,
says: The efforts, of Mrs.. Blanche C.
Turner to secure an annulment of the
decree of divorce from her former bus
band, Hon. W. W. D. Turner of Spokane,
or to obtain a redistribution of their com
munity property has failed, the Supreme
Court this afternoon handing down an
opinion affirming the decree of divorce ob
tained by I Turner in the Spokane courts
in 1S99. .
Befuses to Annul Divorce Decree.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 2.— Coroner Morgan
returned to-day from the desert, where
he went to conduct an Inquest in the case
of Frank Roberts, who was murdered
near Brawley a week ago last night. Rob
erts was shot from behind while he was
going from his house. The murderer took
Roberts' watch and . what money he had
on his person, but did not search the
cabin, for Roberts' revolver and gun were
found there and about $375. Roberts was
in a cattle feud In Montana and threats
had been made against him, but there is
no way of connecting the case with the
killing.
Murderer Robs His Victim.
Arrival of the Papal Delegate.
VICTORIA, B. C, OcL 2.— His Excel
lency Monslgnor Dohato SbarrettI, papal
delegate, arrived from Ottawa to-night
to install Archbishop Orth, who was some
months' ago made Archbishop of Van
couver Island when the diocese was sep«
arated from that of Oregon..
SAN JOSE, Oct. 2.— There is a mystery
at the police office that borders on the
uncanny and Chief of Police Carroll and
bis entire force are trying to solve It.
Late, Wednesday afternoon Dr. Mary, J.
Bearby reported to the office that she had
lost a small open face watch with the
monogram "M. J. B." on It. Whether the
watch had been stolen or mislaid Dr.
Bearby was unable to say. Chief Car
roll took a description of the watch and
then detailed Detectives Prindevllle and
Pickering on the case. A few minutes
after the detectives left Chief Carroll had
occasion to open a small drawer in his
desk, and to his surprise found the watch
there. No one had been at the desk but
Chief Carroll, and he had not been out
of his seat after Dr. Bearby reported the
loss. Dr. Bearby was sent for and iden
tified the watch as her property. No one
knows how the watch got In the Chief's
desk and the entire office force Is in a
dazed condition trying to account for the
strange occurrence. The owner of tho
watch is also puzzled, as she told no one
of the loss of her timepiece and had only
missed it a few minutes before she re
ported its loss to the police.
Lost Timepiece Finds Its Way Into
the Office of Garden City's
Police Chief. ;;';
MYSTEBY SUBBOUNDS
BEC0VEBY OF A WATCH
r^* Y EW YORK. Oct. 2.— Action look-
I^L I Ing toward the elimination of Ed-
I ward M. Grout and 'Charles
**¦ Fornes from the municipal ticket
was taken to-day by the Citi
zens' Union and Republican organizations.
Calls were issued for the reassembling of
the conventions of tnose bodies on
Wednesday of next week, the purpose be
ing to declare vacant the nominations of
the gentlemen named above for the offices
respectively of Comptroller and President
of the Board of Aldermen. Claiming that
this action cannot do legally taken,
Messrs. Grout and Fornes will appeal to
the courts for an order that their names
must be printed on the official ballot In
the Republican and Citizens' Union col
umns. Their contention is that the func
tion of the delegates to the two conven
tions terminated with tne adjournment of
the bodies to which they were chosen and
that they cannot be revived by the acts
of committees, such as :s proposed. The
Greater New York Democracy, at the head
of which is John C. Sheehan, has practi
cally broken away from the fusion 'move
ment on the representation that behind
fusion there was a plan to Rfpublicanize
the city administration. ..Failures of ef
forts to secure the .renominatlon of Jacob
A. Cantor, Democrat, as president of the
borough of Manhattan, was the reason
assigned for the break which was followed
by the secession of the Bronx delegates
from the Greater New York Democracy.
HAMBURG. Oct. 2.-The Women's Con
gress at its session here to-day debated
the propriety of vearlng corsets and Jew
elry. Both practices, according to pre
vailing opinion, were barbarous, but no
vota on the subject was taken. The" con
gress cheered the statement that women
vote In five States of the American Union.
Women's Congress at Hamburg De
bates Subject of Dress, but
Takes no Vote.
COESETS AITD JEWELBY
CONDEMNED AS BABBAB0TJS
The city committee of . the Citizens'
Union metvto-night and discussed at great
length th<^ complex situation that con
fronted the union an a result Of an in
dorsement by Tammany Hall of Messrs.
Grout and Fornes. It was the consensus
of opinion that they should be dropped
from the ticket and that other Democrats
of the independent type should be selected
to fill their places. It was finally decided
that the Citizens' Union convention should
be reconvened on next Wednesday night
and that a new ticket should be placed In
nomination with Mayor Lowe at the head,
with Messrs. Grout and Fornes eliminated
and in their places two new men selected.
An address was prepared and directed to
Messrs. Grout and Fornes, expressing the
complete dissatisfaction of the Citizens'
Union with the course pursued by them
In accepting a Tammany indorsement and
declaring that, in view of the position as
sumed by them, they should eliminate
themselves from the fusion ticket.
Immediately after the city committee
adjourned the executive committee went
Into executive session and had a long con
ference regarding the candidates to be
presented on Wednesday night for the
offices of Comptroller and President of
the Board of Aldermen. Among the
names presented for the former position
were John P. Kelly, president of the
Eighth Ward Bank of Brooklyn; Joseph
C. Hendrix and Julian D. Fairchlld. For
the position of President of the Board of
Aldermen but one name was discussed,
and that was Herman Metz of Kings.
Schreiber's Friends Are Confident.
LOS ANGELES, Oct.. 2.— THo Time's to
morrow will say that Lieutenant Colonel
W. G. Schreiber of I»os Angeles will -prob
ably be named by Governor Pardee as.ad
jutant general of California. It was not
known until to-day that Colonel Schrelebr
was a candidate, but It Is now conflBently
asserted by h}» friends that he wnl re
ceive the appointment.
Escaped Prisoners Are Betaken.
SALINAS, Oct. 2,— Peter Beck and Den
nis Dawson, who escaped fro'm the Santa
Cruz Jail- Sunday night in .company with
Henry Camp, were arrested Jast jiight
near Chualar, about twelve miles from
here, after an exciting chase.
CONGBEGATION ENJOYS
A FINE ENTEBTAINMENT
Members of St. John's German Evan
gelical Church Given Musical
and Dramatic Treat.
A delightful entertainment was given
by the Ladles' and Young People's So->
clety of the St. John's German Evangel
ical Church at Union Square Hall last
night. . There w^s a farce and voca.1 and
Instrumental. music that were^hugely en-
Joyed. The attendance was big an* the
arrangement of the entertainment was' In
every sense admirable.
The following was tke programme: '
Mandolin and guitar selection Misses Julia
Bentz, Emilia and Hilda ' Ott. "SchlcksaU
wlnke" — Frau Gertrut. Miss Katharine Jung;
Agathe. A!mi, her daughters. Miss Hulda
Kroehnke, Miss Alma Kroehnke: Nanette, tha
servant girl. Miss Dora Huffcr; "Tante"
Jette. M1S9 I* Mocller. Specialties, ¦ Mlsa
Blanche Xrelease. Ernst Langenbach: vocal
solo. Miss Krlnw. Bauer; specialty, Irma Ver
couterre. Adele Mlqucu ;. vocaj solo, K. • ' A.
GuP.n; selection. Miss Elsa Tolan. .
The committees .having charge of tho
entertainment were as follows:
Arrangement! — Mr3. Ranft Mrs. Lemp Mrs
Bentz, Mrs. Schlld, Mrs. Schmidt, ' Mrs.'
¦\Varnke.
Reception — Mrs. Haffer. Mrs. K. Jung, A.
Schmidt. Henry Diebl, Otto Hoffman, John
Artus. x
Assistants — Mrs. Vonder Lleth, Mrs. Messer
schmldt. Mrs. Klock. ' Mrs. Thiel. Mrs K.
Jung, Miss II; Kroehnke. Miss Alma Kroehnke
Mrs. Bender. . ,>3.v
The feed mill owned by A. Maynard at
B17 Seventh street was completely de
stroyed by fire at 6 a. m. yesterday.
The Fire Department had to work hard
in order to prevent the spreading of the
flames to dwellings and factories In the
vicinity. The mill was fully Insured.
Fire Destroys Feed Mill.
TAMMANY'S CANDIDATE FOR MAYOR OF NEW YORK • AND TWO
NOMINEES FOR CITY OFFICES WHOSE NAMES THE FUSIONISTS
DESIRE ERASED FROM THEIR TICKET.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 2.— All day yes
terday the big German ship Nauarchos
lay grounded on the bar at the. mouth of
the Willamette River. With three steam
boats hooked to her she was finally moved
from her precarious position, and left for
the sea again this morning in tow of the
Ocklahama. As no pilot was aboard it is
generally believed on the water front that
she will experience more trouble before
the Columbia bar is reached.
Captain Arfmand, master of the vessel,
stated before leaving here that It was an
unnecessary expense to employ a pilot to
accompany him, but it is very probable
that he has now changed his mind. The
vessel is wheat-laden, but she was only
drawing 22V5 feet of water. A day pre^
ceding her the steamship Indrapura sailed
for tl\e mouth of the river drawing *.wen
ty-three feet, and she experienced no
trouble with bars or anything else. That
is cited as an argument by shipping men
why the Nauarchos should have got along
without getting stuck on the river bot
tom. If the current Is followed, they
state that there is plenty of water to an
swer all requirements, but in order to
keep In the proper course It Is averred an
experienced man must be at the helm.
She Is , Finally Byemoved . From Her
Dangerous Position by Three
Steamboats.
QEBMAN SHIP NATJABCHOS .
BUNS ON WILLAMETTE BAR
DENVER, Colo., ' Ocf. &— E. A.' Bell,
who is said to have a number of alia^os,
was arrested hero to-day charged -with
stealing a mail bap: and forgine the. In
dorsements ort a number of drafts* taken
from .it. He la alleged ta havo opened an
account with a ban;* at Lincoln, rfeb.,
where h». cashed the drafts," securini
about J2500. ' ,- ; . •
Accused of Stealing a .Mail Bag.
PHOENIX, Ariz.. Oc*. 2.— Bert Noftz Is
in jail at Cananea arid John Jair?sln.
custody at Bisb°e, - charged wtih holding
up the St. Louis beer ha'.l at liiabe*^- Au
gust 19, and the murder of L. Miltess, a
roule.tte dealer. ¦ - ¦'>.-¦'
Alleged Robbers Axe in Jail.
". SAN DIEGO. Oct. 2. -^County Superin
tendent Baldwin has "rendered a decision
that is lively to cut short the sehool year
at'ifce "San T>ioW High School. Prior to
flie recent" clec'tkm the high- school was
ac.eQUTM>d' a part- of the public school,. a
sort of adjunct fotheiimth grade. It was
not properly organized as a high school
crnd could -.not participate in the distri
bution'of • The State, tax for "high 'school
purposes. . The election -was therefore held
to rorrect that trouble and a high school
district, was-'formed. This took it out- of
the; =public district .school and out of a
tight* to participate" in the funds raised
by ' the cit,v board. At Hie same - time
tJTero. was iro opportunity lor the . high
s.&hool bonrd- to plas for a special high
school "tax. and- none was 'levied. The high
sc"h6ol therefore must subsist on th.e funds
furnished :tfom the State. There will not
be enough money to last the- full school
year.. •
irent- .of the hearing of her case, Mrs.
Butler and her sister returned to the Pal
ace arid in the evening they departed for
Monterey. Millionafre Barber left the
Grand "Hotel about the same time, saying
that lie would bo back in a few days.
Mrs/ Butler's maid' confided to a newly
made acquaintance that her mistress twas
preparing for a trip to Mexico and would
return home by way of New Orleans.
• Two years. ago this month Mrs. Butler
gained considerable notorieiy in New
York City in an attempt to" "commit sui
cide. ; &'y jumping, out of a window in the
Sturtevant Hotel, where she was residing.
She is widely known ia the big Eastern
metroDolis.
SAN DIEGO HIGH SCHOOL .
HIAY BE' FORCED TO CLOSE
Lack of Necessary Funds .to Pay the
"Teachers Is -Likely to Cause a
. . Lengthy Vacation.
Rev. Mr. Comfort : is the most seriously
hurt of all. .He- is 75 years of age and his
injuries may prove fatal. .. '. . ..
OGDEN, Utah, Oct. 2.— The dead and
injured in th.e wreck at Beowawe, Nev.,
were brought to Ogden to.-nlght. Most
of the injured are but slightly hurt and
continued on their Journey east over the
>TnIon Pacific and Rio. Grande. Theibody
of Allen Harper, the dead conductor, was
taken to an undertaking establishment
Uitd his rela.tlve9 ' in, Pocatehb notified.
Only five of the injured' were so. "badly
hurt as to need hospital aid,' and they
were' all Bent to the Ogden Hospital. They
are: " " - . - • "
J- W. LJttlejohn of Wlnn'emucea..-N&v\,
Rev. George Comfort, Lemesvoro. Pa.;
F. A. Favynnskl, Garrett, Ind.;E. Thorn,
Evanston, Wyo. ; ' U. Jlattuyashi, Japan
ese, San Francisco. *»' '
Bev. George Comfort Is the Most
Seriously Hurt of the Passengers.
HTJUItED REACH OGDEN.
No attention was therefore paid to the
communication, but every endeavor will
be made to find the sender and prosecute
him. > :, :¦¦
Warden Deyo at once consulted with
some of the witnesses present and con
cluded that the message was a forgery,
sent for the purpose of delaying the ex
ecution beyond the official day. It was con
cluded, first, that the President could not
interfere except through Governor Odell,
and, second, that reprieve could not be
nccepted by telegraph, but must be by
personal signature or in personal inter
view by telephone. '
ALBANY, N. Y., Oct. 2,— Forgery ot
the official title of the head of the na
tion figures in an attempt made' yesterday
to save the three- Van Wormer. brothers
from the d»ath chair at Danneniora pris
on. Less than half an hour before the
time set for the execution Warden Deyo
received the following telegram:
WEST FOZXT STATION-. Oct. 1. 1003.
To George Deyo, Warden: The Van Wormer
boys must not be executed to-day. A ?tay
ha*' been granted.
By order of the ' PresMent of tl» United
States.
The firrt of the entertainments to be ac
corded the visitor-* was a smoker la
Faneuil Hall to-night.
BOSTON*; Oct/2.— For the first .time. in.
many year3 t.he flag of England, guarded .
by BriM-sh- muskets, was borne through'
the street* of Boston to-day by the Hori-. -i
orable Artillery. Company of I^ondoa a* I
special guests of a similar orr.inlzation, I
the Ancienfand Honorable Artillery Com- I
pany of thlsC eityy • •• .. - - . . .j|
Landing h.t Char lestown.- almost on the'
very spoi where their ancestors starred;'
en their memorable attack on Banker Hill I
1 128 years ago, the' : redcoat3 of the twentl- I
eth century marched from their steamer, f*
the Mayflower, ever the bridge to Boston E
and th^n through streets resplendent with r
American and British fla^a to the hotels *•
which will We their homes during: their .
sojourn In this '.city. For five days they
will be entertained; r.nd then, after a
week's tour, which will include New York.
AVashlngton. Niagara FaHa and Canada, :
they start back to. their own shores.
Colonel Sidney If. Hedges, commander
c! the Andent and. Honorable Artillery
Company, and staff. boarded th«* May-,
flower and welcomed the visitors through
their oommsinder. the Earl of Denbigh,
Adjutant General Daltan. ain rx?half of
Govemoi Bates, extended the official we'
como of the Con»m~D wraith of Maidaohu
setta. . .- • .
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2.-MaJor General
Corbin, adjutant general of the army, is
to be assigned to the command of the De
partment of the East, with headquarters
at Governors Island, N. Y.
I The order for General Corbin to as
sume command of this department will
take effect at once and it states that he
is given . command of the largest depart
ment in the United States in recognition
of his services as adjutant general during
the Spanish war and the Chinese and
Philippine campaigns.
An order has been prepared in the War
Department directing General Chaffee,
now commanding the Department of the
East, to take station in the War Depart
ment for the purpose of familiarizing him
self with the duties of the chief of staff,
which he will become when General
Young retires In January.
In explanation of the transfer of these
two officers. General S. B. M. Young,
chief of staff, to-day Issued the follow
ing statement: •
"With a view to enable- Major General
Chaffee to become familiar with the duties
vested by law in the chief of staff and
to ascertain the present condition of the
military establishment, before entering
upon their active performance, the Presi
dent has directed that he be ordered to
duty In the War Department as assistant
to the chief of staff, and that Major Gen
eral Corbin be assigned to command the
Department of the East. .
"This assignment; which is in accordance
with the wishes of General Corbin, is in
tended as a recognition of the eminent
services rendered by him in the Important
office of adjutant general during the wax
with Spain and the subsequent- operations
in China and the Philippines, and is made
with a view to obtaining the benefit of
his- great administrative and .executive
ability in the command- of .the - largest
and most important military department
in the United States. Advantage will bo
taken of the assignment to secure the
close, harmonious and intelligent co
opeTatlon of officers and troop3 in. carry-
Ing into effect the new methods, of ad
ministration which have been made neces
sary by the establishment of a general
staff."
UERDlS'G, Oct. 2.— Plans are being
•formuiated .* to divid'e S.isklyou County
: into two' -almost equal liarts. The divid
ing; line is" to extend north and south from
a point just east of Colos, on the- Oregon
;lin'e, to a point edst of the corner of Shas
ta and Trinity counties. -The proposed
division will leave Vrelca, Montague, Scott
and Shasta .'valleys !n Slskiyou County,
while Sisson, McClou'd, Mott,. Bunsmulr
and- Shasta and the big lumbering camps
•and timber-lands will be 'In the newly
¦formed county. »
: "The result of an. election on the division
questfon is easy of conjecture. Dunsmuir
•alone polls as many votes as Yreka. The
Sisson ajid McCfoud regions poll, many
mnr«, and it is estimated that the propo
sition would carry by much more than a
•three-fourths vote. In case the-county is
tfivided Sisson will make a strong fight
for the county seat. There always has
been a sort .of jealousy, nnd hard feeling
betwe'en .Yreka. on the north and Sisson
and Dunsmuir on the south, and this, tb
pether with -the fact that the interests of
Iviftern Siskiyou and Western Siskiyou
.are in- no way identical, leads the citizens
of E»tstern Siskiyou" to move, for a divi
sion.. If .the proposed division of the
county is carried through the new county
will undoubtedly be called McCloud.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
; j-iSE^ A$ft$l?T-A? SpiCinE. \
yGny fi\ii\e*'vrQs ftistheard it fp ilexlco,
Iviiere he wasl'enjployed. in c a-fluicksilver
' 'niiftp' eji* mqdcsf salary.. . He
'ind -his wife 'ha y? Xiot, beeji togotlier for a
;i"n.i*i?.VJr-df .years," -ajid tMs fac} r together
¦'Vith: .hur .e-pskLrent; c«fecrnoss" to secure a
• ltgjil- -*ep3r,alion from her bAisband, -is
Xbaa&X to'-lndicafe: 4- desire-on, hpr part
'to [t^ftfSe'iStQ anoiher -matrimonial veo
\VureJ ¦.••.¦-:..-"•"•• •• .
•"¦*."7o'ATi:old frienO,whom she met on her
.W-a-y -cu;t .\o Ca Ufocnia Mrs.' Butler stated
: "'"that E:.-.p>iad : acqylred over $3},000"eRe now
;"hr&--*o-:h'cr credit -in an bank, and
•ete'.als'j -confided, to bkm= that she had ''sjv
! .ciired'-tl<le.t : T| : a'-bfeautifni h*ome abroad,
''4q.'c'is'.s'ne •nf/ntloned 'as proof" that she
V.*gs 'Ail'-rn- Vray' tlepeo6*ent- on. Cutler, f <ir
<jm«ftjt£it«uioc*-' In- fart, she told her friend
*t.lfet •f.n-e-- ha'd.-al/eadj- fa'ed_ a" suit 'for.'di
.A'oiice/iA'Xe.w Y.qrk State, arr.d°a'd<lM that
iyi^sbc^'as'efie^ wSls framed a decree she
' >U5jto<=eVl.;r£uirm>g ; to ; 'London. .• . . " •
\. : A;e'stf rd?y"arft«Tlo6n). af tbr tke "postpone.-
•¦>;. Fj»esta.tor' in fho court was -A.
1 "Jv/Barbert' the • Washington- millionaire,"
,»y'ho -has* FV.£nvir-a.gr.ea.t deaU of-irttertst in"
, -Jjlr's; , Bu1]er"s affairs* during"" her .short
*FtaV'i'! t.".'?. city"°aijd' has'bet-n her nightly
[ tfMBlfmnteg at t-ire i'heater' and-'-suppers. at
,'S.he. JPalace. ". '"'• c . *•• " : .*,*¦ ".¦.•" «
Up&Br th'eMa.w .'it'was necessary to aai
lftxpmo>2ttir tyirtjr "daj s .a" summons in- a
¦ jW-JSce c'acc.-in.'w-h'ch th6 'defendant is a
.•jionir.'is'.'lsnt;' of " f he". J»tate ; Inn . this .' pff>
!.*ed"u*r*> hajs-no* beiiif fallowed .in llrs". Byt
'. Tni"r"> Ci>f. '4 •'"tier whic'.fi causetl .porae rom-]
"yesterdai'.* it. was Ipuggeg^erf, h.ow
'•VvolV.Vj: '!il*proinm1»nt lawyer <h^'t .possf
" .?>!>¦".* HiS • provision.; p^* the laV : ma"y haXte
c'hron .tu>rc o ;«ne» Vhro'ug^i the acceptance of
*VeP\Vce ;of. ttv* .^ununor»s.".Ciy a/v attorney
,-iVp^sentiTvr the dejexin^nt.- * .
JPo^ter .AfN? .te.^fied- that By tier" hud
•bcenVt- one tinv* fii«= cllen*. ftnd he was in
a *po*itit)n to. say that the divorce would
¦ not*. Ki oonti+'ied.. " H«5 believed that But
¦'"Jt'r was sC present in o S;»ri-.iVnt<jpio, Tqx.
: * The^Jjidjie; paid that the cha'rp^ "of de
~ rertlon, hffd .^tjce" vrovcil, . but •"•*><? other
•ghass't* of ' 'failure: to • prorWe- could not
* h<ifd. e.s \he plaintiff had -t'esUried • that
•'she ha-J been, able to. support "irerself. "Jle
>*v;as*.no.t .satisfied, hOY'tvci*, as to the qu'es-
* # ti";n« of residence o QtJ would continue the
-ti-11 *to-ijay. °tb..lull>* consider that
¦•poir/. : ¦.-.'•...' "..¦ . "• * *"- •"'.*
.... « •• • • ¦ *> w * • .
.Two.-clc&a^^ly creased %vaw?n quiotly'
rntcrc*a Judge Cook'ji courtroom about 3
o'clock yesterday afternoon."; Both -verti
heavily* vetted and iejvels FparkUd from
Their ears and «hroats.' The wTjmen "wf re
Mrs. Vlol£t'«,Auurqy" Butler Vnd tier sis
ter. Miss. Yosemlte Aubrey. . . " .
The hffVring o? the application- of XIrs.
L>uUer. for a' divorce I rom . her husband,
Guy*T.* Butler, .on the grounds, e'f •'deser
tion, and failure to provide,, was -Fet Jor
the b>'Uj named.' .Mrs. rCulle'r gave her
U-sth'nony 'hi a Iota; voice. Sfte "said she
was'r^rn In *.fcis city." She' always l»«oktd
,upon S.-jjj *Francisro as her home' and af-I
ter her marriage Jo Jvew Yprk to Butler.
'on January 12. 1*35, she .cAnje here with
•him ai?d lived fox -a short time af tKe
I.'alaoe. Hotel and" later at- T tlfe Langh&m
Hotel.?* Her husband "deserted her some'
yea*js ago.- She .was an°-actn?fs and had.
been able, to' support Jx>fself. •- . . "V J
Mirt A'jbcev aUo-'.testified to the-mar
riage and subseqaOU desert ion. .She said
¦she was also bora ic- t{iis .crty,
..•'.WILL UOT OPPOSE ;WIFiS. •
Chaffee Must Now Study the
Business of the Chief *
, of Staff,
Judge Cook Doufctfiil .as t6
. Place of Resi- . •
•:*;.'• ••'•• denes. ¦'".'•.' V*
Telegram Is Recaived by
'; Warden, % but Electrocu
tion Is No i Delayed.
Honorable Artillery Cora
: pany la Given a Hearty '
.Welcome. '•¦¦. '•"-.. :
Feel-. Confident Proposition
•Would. Carry by' Three
"y '-• ¦ Fourths Vote.
Mrs'. "yiolet Butler. Teistv
cj fies in Hasty- Divorce v
•:/ : .-".-.' ..: i.Suit.-.'-'' '/V "
Residents of Northern
' .Section of .the State.
7 -.Favor Project.
Adjutant General Is to
Command Department
of the East.
Glint of English Mus
kets Seen Again
at Charlestov/n. ..igS
Crude Attempt Made
to Stay Execution of
. • Van Wormers.
FORGES TITLE
OF PRESIDENT
PLAN TO DIVIDE
SISKIYOU COUNTY
CORBIN GAINS
AN ARMY PLUM
COURT LISTENS
TO HER STORY
FLAG OF BRITAIN
FLIES IN BOSTON
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CAIoL, SATUKDJIY, OCTOBER 3, 1903.
:;•;,;¦ ¦ . - •<
City. Committee of Citizens' Union Decides That Grout
and Fornes Must Be Eliminated From the Campaign
. and the Convention Will Be Called Together Again
FUSIONISTS WILK OAST OFF
MEN INDORSED BY TAMMANY
2
'i'y ••"¦.;..'*. ; -V : v Ann;oiinc;e Speciarl, Values in . .
So|^> ¦-Schpdl Clothes
&l^;fMM^iytQ s h e is
».'.* ;.-• '¦.'•: . 'MTV*'. ; AFTE5? 3 Week's- vacation
¦.. '.*.; '• •'.¦'&: ¦ ' ¦ : schooJs;wilJ : be open again.
**" •*¦ "¦ "P 01^' feather is approach-
1 *••¦ -¦¦: . : . •^"- "^ i n g and. you will need
V \ :. -..": warm, .substantial- clothes for the
** -" :'r .children — Mackintoshes to shield
.*.V* '¦ from thefains, Overcoats against the •
-. 1 1 .cold winds. Yoii can find all these
: * : •. ; thing's here as good as can be made
."A;-; -.for the money.
¦" Soys':: Mackintoshes; 6 to 18 years $3.50 to $7 00
Boys; School. Overcoats, 6 to 15 yeafs $5.00 to $To!OO
. Boys' S"ch6ol. Suits, Norfolk or Double-breasted, 2-piece
•¦'-. ''I*** ?,5>cars.... .................. ...$3.50 to $10.00
Boys- Sailor Suits, all colors $3 50
i Boys" Reefer Overcoats, 2^ to 7 years $5.00 to $1000
" Boy* 5 / 11 */ 6 *' Overcoats, 4 to 15 years $6.00 to $10i00
'') feOOS BROS.
Also Announce Special Values in
Girlsf/ Reefers and Overcoats for
- School Wear
In sizes ranging from 4 to 16 years and at the fol-
: lowing prices :
$9.00 Sio.ooji2.5o $15.00
C Mailorders promptly filled. Send ta Department B for
new Style Book "About Clothes."
KEARNY AT POST __
¦ ', ; NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
j iMPOBTABT SGIENTIFIG DISCOVcRY. ;
A Clinical Preparation That Positive- .
ljf- Kills the [Dandruff Germ. •
A* 'most "important discr»'ery has 'been
made after a year's'- patient laboraJJry
work Ulmerl in a certain direction.' it i»
Newbro's Hrrplclrle.. a preparation that
Iirever;tg fallinc hair ar.'l spporllly M pd
permanently .frndlrates ttacdrufT, Th<"so
pvIIb Hrw CMukcd • liy a germ or parasiU*
that burrows into the scalp, throwing
«p dan/truff. as It.soefc* to sap. the life of
the hair at tho- root. .There'* no baid"e»s
without* falUng or ihinhair. no tMn hair
without-* dandruff.' an<i no dandruff If the
Kprm- in destroyed. Newbros HerpioJe Is
.the only preparation . that Will do thB
work." "Destroy the: cause you will rt--
move* jthe effect/! Sold by leading dr»g-
frlats: Send 10c 'In stamps for sample to
'fho Hprplclde Go.. Detroit. Mich.
.:. r *;.y pv the • -.: • "_•¦
• CONDITION ¦. AND AFFAIRS
.STJUJPMDMARINE
¦ INSURANCE COMPANY .
... ' ' ..- -:
OP- LrVXIl*?COIv.'E?*Gr«ANr>. on ?*1* M«t
day tt IJectmbcr, A. I>. 1002. and tor th«
year ending. on th.rt day. as made to tha In-
Btirance O inrntssl. her .of the Btat* of Calif .rnj*.
pursuant .ta the provlslocs «r Sections 610 an.l
fill -oil the f*>ll t leal'- Code, ' condenned &¦ p«r
blanK • I urn!sh*d by tn> Commissioner.
. . . CA'PIXAI- ' • .' '
Amount cf Capital -Pioclt.fqldl up la . '••
¦ CMh ;.-... t'./. ..,'..-.. ..^.....'?v < ..;|. SCP,C0O CO
: ' '• XSSI7E3. ..:•.•_
dash Market 'Valtte bf.-nll. Stocks
• antf aJond* owned "by Company. A M13.0S1 00 '
Ca*h Vr Hanks •..;:...».....,..... 213.603 O)
Intepest due. ana ; ".aertu(«l o-i atl
; Btot-ks and itoan^ t ...V :.... .^... 1&J3» ««
. lect'.on ". ,s..'...:.: .194,76? 0*
Bills Re^l^able, noC Matored, takes • .
for Fire and Marine- Risk*..... 1.013 oo
.'. Totf.1 Ajseta. •..;..../....*..¦.., 11.842.9M 0O
i ** UABTLlTt5*j.. • .7. ¦ .'~
'Lo'setl adjusted asd urtpaid.....") ¦ : ' .' .
Losses In ehScess pf :A*Uostri«at ' - .
or In Su?dmb5» •;, ::: m -1 1.13.273 00-'
Tjosaea .resisted. -Including , ex- .- .. ¦
. pepsesT ..«•£. %.....^>^..V.*. *•...' • '• > « * •
Gross premiums «n' -MaVti;o "and! ¦ . . ".-'¦ '
. IrJamd Navigation Risks', $ ¦; . '
' re-lnanranc* 100 ~v*r .wht. ...... -11* i<w% i**
Gross preailums «n "Marine Tlrn« h 1 *- I2B «» .
• Rtsluw $ — »-; r«-tnsuraac« 60' •• '. ' ¦
¦ per c*nt t •..-. ..J
Due and accrued fcr Salaries, Rent,
etc.. and sundry creditors....... "1,813 00
¦ Xotit UaWUtles . M . MVM ....$ 843.210 0«
INCOME. J " ¦*"*
Net Cash actually received for
Marine premiums $ 673.760 OO
Receifea for interest and dlvtdeneSs
-on* Bonds. Ptocks. Loans, and
from all- other sources 43.493 0O
Tx)tal Inccme ............. ....S 821.233 0O
Net "amount paid f :r Marine Losses
(lncUidtnsr I , lou«s of pre-
vious yean) f ttzrtaea
Dlvldenda to Stockholders C&QOO Si
Paid tor Salaries, Fees, and otatv ¦
charges for officer*, clerks, etc.. 4S.77S «i
Paid for State. National and Lo- "°«V t »M
cai Tazrs B 4PO pn
All other payments and expen<*l- • -
»««•' «'? • «ia 0O
¦ Total Expenditures ;.| 430,921 00
Losses tncurtyd during the ygar....| Jijfoco'oo
RItks and Premlums.lMar. Rlsk«ri*Pr«miaiam.
Net amount of, lUsk* " " *
written during the . >
year $C0,5O7.970 • «3<c».728 00
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 69.?<O.2*3. 630.611 CO
Net amount iz. force!
December 31. \d(ri..\ 3.46.9.540 142.120 00
jTwiLLlAMSOV. PrestT"
JOHN GICK. Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this '23d
day of January. 1903. WM. PIERCE
V. S. Deputy Consul.
J. D. SPREGXELS & BROS. CO.
GENERAL A^SEN'rS. '
J. B. P. DAVIS & SON, Managers,
215. Sansome St /SAM FRANCISCO, CAL
Telephone* Private Exchange. 63.
ICMOSSHSa 151) rail! AST DI3Cnia3S\ .
Vttf I r i%3 HI .^ lLitw wHeSF
A CUBE Ui 4a HCUR3,
ADVERTISEMENTS. \ • .
J The Best Novel
ocnaa Tfi V^7lt*C wuaaam
Ill I V/Cil 3 ¦
-¦¦/--. ' : ,,~>\U%
MILLIONS
By . *
' Richard Greaves.
I BUY IT
TO-DAYUnited States Marshal John Shine yes
terday announced that. he had appointed
A:.S. Dlngley of Modesto a deputy mar
shal. Dlngley Is the City Clerk of Mo
desto. He will fill the place recently left
vacant by the suicide of W. , P. Gamble.
Appoints Deputy Marshal.
SANTA ROSA. Oct. 2.— Charles Herd
was burned by the explosion of a lantern
at Geyservllle Wednesday evening and
dlod a few hours later. Herd was cellar
boss of the California Wine Association's
winery at that place, and was engaged in
filling a tank after dark. With him at
the time was his brother, Frank Herd,
and he was also severely burned, but hia
injuries are not necessarily fatal. The
winery building caught fire from tho
flames caused by the explosion and nar
rowly escaped destruction.
Explosion of Lantern Causes Death.
Deny They Were Prejudiced.
MADERA, Oct.- 2.— Taking, of testimony
for the defense in. the case of Roberts vs.
the Fresno Democrat Publishing Com
pany, was commenced this morning and
continued during the day. Attorneys for
the defendant company have abandoned
the line of defense, which was announced
in the. Democrat several days ago, of
proving the bad reputation of Roberts.
They spent the day in examining em
ployes of the paper. They testified that
they had no malice against Roberts, but
that the alleged libelqus ; article was
simply, printed as a news article, and with
no other motive than . giving the news.
Science Association Elects Officers.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 2.—
The members of the University Science
Association met last night at the resi
dence of Professor Oliver P. Jenkins,
head of the department of physiology and
histology. The annual election of officers
was held, resulting as follows: President,
P»ofessor- Rufus L. Green of the mathe
matics department: vice president, MIsa
Lillien J. Martin, assistant professor of
psychology; secretary, Frederick J. Rod
gers, assistant professor of physics. The
membership of the organization includes
all of the members of the faculty of the
scientific departments.
The contest will continue until the night
of October 10, with the exception of Sun
day evening. Part of the proceeds of the
contest will be donated to the Church of
the Holy Redeemer.
The bridge builders won from the ce
ment workers in 15 minutes 37 seconds;
the teamsters defeated the horseshoets
in 8 minutes; the plasterers were defeated
by the carmen in 5 minutes 30 seconds;
the carpenters won from the laborers in
2 minutes 10 seconds, and the longshore
men pulled the electric linemen over tho
five-foot mark : in 10 minutes 30 seconds.
The most exciting event was that be
tween the plumbers and the
Both teams were evenly matched and
neither side gained more than one cleat
during the 53 minutes and 20 seconds they
were on the ropes. Owing to the lateness
of the hour it was decided to call the tug
a draw. ¦ . .
The second evening of the labor union
tug of war contest at Central Park at
tracted a large audience last night and
spirited competition evoked frequent ap
plause from the friends of the various
teams. .-"-•.':' ±~k
Labor Union Teams Win Applause
by Stubborn and Spirited
Competition.
TTJG-OF-WAR CONTEST
ATTRACTS LARGE CROWD
Harry Baehr was nominated for Auditor
by Alexander Truman, all the delegates
supporting the nomination.
Major R. E. Whitefield, a Grand Army
veteran, was given the nomination for
County Clerk by a rising vote of the del
esates.
Tax Collector Smith was indorsed for
re-election and it was decided to com
plete the nominations next Monday even
ing
Chairman Sparrow appointed a commit
tee V select the names of eighteen can
didates for Supervisors to be presented at
the next meeting of the convention.
The so-called Non-Partlsan Indorsement
will not help or harm any candidate. The
party has adopted "articles of incorpora
tion," but It cannot get a place on the
official ballot.
N. C. Cogblan nominated Franklin K.
Lane for Mayor, the nomination being
made unanimous.
J. W. Sparrow called the meeting to or
der and Secretary E. A. Lorenzo read the
articles of incorporation of the party. The
platform, as presented by T. V. Eddy,
was adopted and nominations were then
called for.
The delegates of the Citizens* Non-Par
tisan party met in convention last even
ing at Pioneer Hall for the purpose of
nominating candidates for the municipal
election.
Franklin K. Lane Is Indorsed by
Eddy and Truman.
The two defendants called upon Colonel
Beck on September 23, and he gave them
a check for $100. He was asked to make
It payable to Paul Hay and he observed
that they immediately indorsed the check
with the name of "Paul Hay" and drew
the money. The indorsement, it is al
leged, was a forgery.
It was at first intended to charge the
defendants with obtaining money by false
pretenses, but after consultation with the
District Attorney yesterday morning it
was decided to prefer the more serious
charge against them. Their bonds were
fixed in $2000 each.
Hughes was released last night on bonds
furnished by a surety company.
The members of the Artists' League are
indignant over the Injustice that has been
done them by Howard and Hughes. They
say that the pair had no connection with
the league, which knew nothing about
the matter until some of the victims in
formed league members. The league is
to hold an exhibition at the Palace Hotel
foon, but no one has been authorized to
make any collections for it.
Edward J. Hughes and Phocion Howard,
who were arrested on Wednesday night,
were booked at the City Prison yester
day on a charge of forgery. The com
plaint was sworn to by F. E. Beck, presi
dent of the International Banking Cor
poration, 32 Sansome street.
Hughes and Howard had been repre
senting themselves as delegates from the
newspaper artists of the 'city to solicit
subscriptions toward the exhibition to be
held at the Palace Hotel. Colonel Beck
was a subscriber to the extent of $100 and
there are manv others.
CHARGED WITH FORGERY
• 'ON BANKER'S COMPLAINT
Edward J. Hughes and Phocion How
ard Are Booked at the City '
Prison.
NON-PARTISANS' CONVENTION.
We heartily Indorse the administration of
Governor Hates as able, safe and successful,
and confidently submit It to the voters for their
approval at the election In November.
The platform was adopted unanimously.
Senator Hoar nominated Governor John
L. Bates for a second term, and the nom
ination was made by acclamation.
Secretary of the Navy Moody nominated
Lieutenant Governor Guild, and the nom
ination was made by acclamation, and the.
remainder of the ticket was accepted in
the same way, the other nominees being:
Secretary of State, William N. Olln, Bos
ton; Treasurer, Edward Bradford, Spring
field; Auditor, Henry E. Turner, Maiden;
Attorney General, Herbert Parker, Lan
caster. ,
To uphold law and order should be the first
duty of every American cltisen. In many eec
tions of the country there Is a disregard of
law which Is bringing discredit to the nation.
AH parties should Insist that public officials
should be firm and resolute in the enforcement
of law, regardless of personal or political con-
Sf-quence*. In thi« land, dedicated to liberty
and freedom, the rule of the mob should be
suppressed.
The Republican party favors legislation that
Is Just and fair to all interests that encour
ages and protects the enterprises of capital
and promotes and safeguards the welfare of
labor. •
We reaffirm our belief In the policy of pro
tection to American Industries. While admit
ting that tariff schedules should be revised
from time to time to meet changing Industrial
conditions or to secure the benefits which may
be obtained by reciprocity, we declare that the
present tariff law should not be revised or
changed until the need of such action and the
benefits to be obtained from It are clearly
shown. Whenever Industrial conditions shall
require a readjustment of the tariff, the work
will be undertaken by the "Republican party,
the friend and defender of protection, without
unnecessary disturbance to business or com
merce, and with fairness and Justice to all
American Interests.
An able, honest, fearless chief executive, we
plodjre to him our loyal support for the cam
paign of 1904.
The Republicans of Massachusetts In con
vention assembled give their hearty indorse
ment to the administration Of President Roose
velt.
The assemblage was large, and the
unanimous nomination of Governor John
L. Bates, Lieutenant Governor Curtis
Guild Jr. and the remainder of the pres
ent list dt State officers was assured.
Congressman Samuel L. Powers of
Newton was chosen permanent chairman.
His mention oi the name of President
Roosevelt brought the delegates to their
feet with a shout. The spectators also
joined in this demonstration. Former
Governor Crane read the resolutions, as
follows:'
Republicans of Massachusetts
met to-day to nominate their iftate ticket.
OSTON. Oct. 2.— In the same hall
which yesterday was filled with
Democrats cheering to the echo
the utterances of the leaders, the
GOVERNOR OF MASSACHU
SETTS. RENOMINATED BY
REPUBLICANS,
Interest around
str. Sausalito. *
to points of
0:30 a. m.,
Family excursion
the bay Sunday, at
GRASS VALLEY, Oct. 2.— A press dls^
patch shown Company I to-night wa« the
first- Intimation it had that Colonel Kos
ler had recommended that It be mustered
out. The surprise was intense, for the
commanding officers and men declare
they had no Intimation that such a rec
ommendation would be made. When the
company was recently inspected it was
complimented by Major Harding, who ac
companied Inspector Koster. It now has
a full complement of men, meets weekly
and is in excellent condition. Its mem
bers are fully Interested in their work
and when at Camp Stone were highly
complimented on the field. The company
felt bo sure of being retained that it se
riously considered building, a new ar
mory at a cost of $5000. A committee was
appointed to look Into the matter, but no
action has been taken. The company Is
In command of Captain J. R, Tyrrell, but
as the latter has been absent for several
months Lieutenant Hall Is in charge.
COMPANY I IS SURPRISED.
Benham is president of the Labor Coun
cil and is engaged In the printing busi
ness. Egan Is at present storekeeper of
the Board of Education and was a dele
gate to the Labor party convention. He
receives a salary. of $125 per month and
may prefer to* retain the position rather
than to accept one that pays but $100 a
month, especially in view of the fact
that the' appointment of Police Commis
sioner will be for Newhall's unexpired
term of three months only.. The newly
elected Mayor, whoever he may be, will
have the'appolntment on January 8. 1904.
fantry, located at Napa. and Company H
of the Sixth .Infantry, located at Merced,
be mustered out. He also recommends
that the commanding officers of Company
B of Stockton, Company D of Mod<<fto
and Company F of Fresno, all of the
Sixth Infantry, bc« notified that their re
spective commands will be inspected with
in the next six months, with a view to
the mustering out of these companies if
their efficiency is not greatly increased.
He also recommends that Company H,
Seventh Infantry, located at Talbert,
Orange County, be mustered out, if its
efficiency cannot be increased and main
tained. The report also criticizes the
companies of the First Infantry, located
In San Francisco, the inspector declaring
that scarcely one of the members was
able to answer the simplest question per
taining to guard duty. He discovered a
lack of discipline in Troop A, Cavalry,
of San Francisco. He gives a compara
tively favorable report with reference to
the Second Brigade, Signal Corps, and
the First Battalion of Artillery, both of
San Francisco.
In an interview with The CaJl corre
spondent to-night Colonel H. I. Seymour
of the Second Regiment said that while
he did not desire to criticize Colonel Kos
ter's.report, he nevertheless believed the
time an inspecting officer takes to a com
pany is Insufficient to enable the inspector
to judge of the true standing of the com
pany. He said an injustice would be done
both to the boards of organization and
location if the two companies In his regi
ment were mustered out. Colonel Sey
mour said many recruits had been en
rolled at the time Colonel Koster made
his Inspection and they were necessarily
green, but the companies were now up
to their former standard.
' Reagan is a member of the Laborers'
Protective Union and has been, most ac
tive in labor, circles for a long period. He
Is be.lleved to stand the best chance of
securing the plum. He is a Democrat in
national politics, and it is understood that
the Mayor desires to name a man of that
political Taith on the Police Commission
In order to comply with the charter pro
vision that not more than two members
of the same pcrlitieal party shall be on
the board at the same time.
: Mayor.. gchmitz has under consideration
the names of several candidates for ap
pointment to the vacant Police Commis
sionership which George A. Newhall for
feited because he overstayed" his absence
leave of- sixty flays.
¦Tlje three . most prominent candidates
are Thomas Reagan. G. B. Benham and
Thomas Egah, and the Mayor will an
nounce . his choice for. the appointment
c-itner to-day or next Mondav.
Mayor Schmitz Has Sev
. eral Candidates for
. " Position^
TO NAME POLICE
COMMISSIONER
GRAND JURY RESOLVES
* ITSELF INTO COMMITTEES
Designates Members to Investigate
Various Public Offices and Other
Matters. ;•¦-
The new Grand Jury met yesterday, but
beyond s selecting the committees to inves
tigate public offices, transacted no other
business. Andrea Sbarboro presided and
J. A. Snook acted as secretary. The com
mittees are as follows: ,
'Board of Public Works— Jamts A. Snoolc
chairman :»E. J. Benedict Harry 31. Kelly. '
Matters of public welfare — John F. Slebe.
chairman; Henry Gray James W. Harris
Fire Department— William H. Nolan, chair
man; H. Al. Kelly. Scott Elder.
Auditor, Treasurer and Election Commission
— James W. Harris, chairman; James A. WU
son. John F. Siebe. •
ShertfT. County Jail and Magdalen Asylum —
Henry Gray, chairman;. Hyrr.aa Wolff John
F. Slebe. .
Board of Education and Public Schools J.
•A. WRson, chairman; B. J. Benedict James
W. Harris. ,^
Assessor. Recorder and Public Administrator
— A. ' J. Ralsch. chairman.
Coroner and Morgue — Peter Johnson. ch*ir
'inan; Henry E. Coffey. Jamea A. Snook.
Courta^ — Willis E. Davis, chairman; D.
O'Connell. E. J Benedict.
. District Attcj-ney and City Attorney — D E.
O'Connell. chairman; W. Davis E. J. Bene
dict.
County Clerk and Justices' Court ClerS—
H; M. Kelly, chairman.
Public Library and Park Commission — B. F.
Baruth. chairman; Thomas W. Collins Scott
Elder.
Health Department — H. E. Coffey. chairman:
H. Wolff. W. H. Nolan.
Mayor and Ctvll Servlce-^-Thomas Mahoney,
chairman; H. E. Coffey, H. "Wolff.
•Supervisors — T. W. Collins, chairman; H.
Gray. H. Wolff.
Tax- Collector— H. Wolff, chairman; T. W.
Collins. H. E. Coffey.
Police Department — E. J. Benedict, chair*
man; J. A. Snook. J. A. Wilson.
PEACE and good will hovered over
the initial ineeUng 6f the Derao
' cratic • County Committee fast
-.evening. -"-The members -that con
stitute the committee gathered .In
Portola Hali-. Native Sojis* ; building, and
transacted their business "lii an orderly'
and business-like manner. The scene's
that enliv.ehed the municipal convention
were missing. Gavin McNab was present
.to lend eclat* to: the meeting. He sat in
a corner with a benign smile on his coun
tenance and was ready to give advice if
it was needed. Many of the delegates wore
Lane buttons. The' standard-bearer's
name was not mentioned once and ttiere
was no enthusiasm, whatever durlm? the
meeting. ...
Thomas "W. Hlckey, chairman of the
late convention, called the meeting to or
der In the absence of Jasper McDonald,
who remained away, fearing that . the
minority might • not permit him to even
open the session. The roll call ¦ developed
that eighty-one were present. The first
business \yas"the erection of a president
of the body and Joseph E. O'Donnell arcise
and named Hickey. Mr. O'Donnell said:
"In view of the fair and impartial man
ner in ¦which the chairman of our con
vention- presided over it, and "beingr im
pressed with the fact, as no doubt you all
are, that his offices over this committee
will be fulfilled In the same fair and im
partial manner, I with pleasure -express
myself as favorable to the election of Mr.
Hlckey as chairman of this committee."
The nomination of Mr. Hlckey was sec
onded by nearly every delegation present-
He was elected by acclamation and then
expressed his gratitude for the honor con
ferred upon hjm. Hickey took occasion to
say that there was no 'longer a majority
or a minority to' the party, but that the
Democrats were united and were out
working to elect the entire. ticket.
Thomas E. Curran nominated Walter J.
de • Martini for" secretary and the last
named was selected for the position. In
expressing his -thanks for. the honor" De
Martini apologized for the fact that He
was no orator and that the delegates
would therefore not care to hear from
him. He then, delivered quite a lengthy
speech, in which he expressed his grati
fication half a dozen times. . •:
Despite his objections, Joseph jSlye.was
elected treasurer. Although the office is
an honorary one, an effort was made to
put Mr. Slye under. bonds, but he Inter
posed strenuous objections.
Colonel Herbert Choynskl was conspicu
ous in. the meeting.: His motion to have
a campaign committee of. eighteen' ap
pointed prevailed. JV. A. Kelly moved as
an amendment that seven be" appointed,
but after a lengthy discussion the amend
ment was .withdrawn and the original mo
tion was carried.
A committee pf three was appointed
to examine the constitution and by-laws
of the previous County ' Committee and
report back whether -they needed amend
ment. Chairman Hickey was empowered
to appoint committees on finance, . regis
tration and resolutions. An adjournment
was taken to the call of the chair.
Chairman Hlckey -appoin<ed the follow
ing committees:-
Campaign — Eugene F. Lacy, J. J. Sweeney,
John F. Renault, James T. Mooney, J. J. Don
ovan, L. J. Dolan, Jamea P. Fennel, "William
A. Kelly,. William D. Hynes Joseph E. O'Don
nell, E. I. Recan. Harry C- Wilbe».' William
Ross, Daniel T. Haley. Francis B. Kane. Her
bert Choynskl, G. A. Kelly, . Frederick G. Wil
son.
Purity of election — Frank G. Drury, "John, J.
Tomalty. W. F. Wedemeyer, Giovanni Baciga
lupe, James W. Reilley.
Registration — M. J. Brown. -David Atkin
son, T. J. Kennedy, C. A. Bartell, P. B. Mor
risey. • * . :
¦ Finance— Thomas Chandler. Daniel Shea, J.
J. McCarthy," J. M.' Plunkett, Peter J. Hag
eerty. •
Vacancies — Thomas F. Govan. Louis Fer
rari. -Thomas J. Plrder, Thomas E. Curran,
Joseph i?!y«.
Constitution — J. C. Sims, William Hoft- 1
cook, J. J. Manning. . .
Resolutions — Peter J. McCormick, T>. Har
rington. D. J. A. O'Keefe, P. F. McCarthy,
Eugene Fltzserald. . •
Naturalization — John F. Mullln. Harry T.
Mllcrevy, David Cappuro. Lawrence Brannan
Jr., Hamilton H. Plant.
FIFTEEN-MONTHS-OLD
CHILD DIES OF BTTRNS
COUNTT CXEBK SUSPENDS
. THREE OF HIS DEPUTIES
P. J. Baum, UL. C. Weinholz and
Harry Barbee Are Suddenly
Laid Off.
Yes-terday afternoon County Clerk Al
bert B. Mahony suspended three of his
office force — Copyists P. J. Baum and M.
C. ."Weinhola and Courtroom Clerk Harry
Barbee. The men were called up to the
desk by Chief Deputy Patrick Gray short
ly before 5 o'cloqk and" were told that 1
they were suspended for an Indefinite pe
riod, no further explanation being offered.
Both Mahony and Gray refused to dis
cuss the matter, and vouchsafed no ex
planation as to why the men were sus
pended. Bier & Regensburger, the brok
ers, were the sponsors for the suspended
men, and it is rumored that Mahony and
the brokers had a quarrel, which cul
minated in the loss to the clerks of their
positions.
Little Ernest Foote Sleets With Fatal
Accident While at Play With
His Brother.
Ernest E. Foote, the 15-months-old son
of Mr. and Mrs. F. G. Foote of 3849
Eighteenth street, died at his home yes
terday evening. as the result of burns -re
ceived while at play with his 3-year-old
brother on the previous day.
The children were playing in the kitchen
and the older of the two lit a piece of
paper. The younger, child's clothing ac
cidentally caught fire and before aid
reached him he was badly burned on the
body. Dr. Carl Wilson was called in and
attended the child till- he died. The
child's body was allowed to remain at
the home of his parents.
His life Crushed Out.
Gebrge T. MaUlson. aged 23 years, re
siding at 633 Golden Gate avenue, met
death yesterday afternoon whllo at work
In a quarry at; Sixteenth and Douglas
streets. A portion of an embankment
suddenly caved in and Mattison was
caught and badly crushed. H© was moved
to the City and County Hospital, where
tie died shortly after his arrival, Deatt
was due to internal Injuries.
[Uesicjes Companies 1 and G oi the Sec
ond 1ici:ime^i°r .-CVriohel tKostcr retoin
•sji'fnds.Vhet "Company H *of- the .Fifth Jn-
•"?Ti^.ftfund tj:e°merabers of tJie 'companies
a o t Chfr*i" anfi ye\*ada "City w^i» '.the only
ones in tti^. "part i)f the fitate'wh'ose mem',
bers. .obseryed ttie "res^lation - of saluting,
tj- «insj5ecitin/r o offi c cer. "Mp 4inds that very
lf?tle i*sa * Qf g"uard* t duty prevails and.
when intormea triat the militiamen relfed
upon\ "the ><^arly encampinent for this.
jir^ttlce padviscd j'he «commanders. to in
¦Mt.upoa guard at the 'armories.
' The report :r^.ps^Captain J. R. Tjrrell
c/ ur.-i^s- \IaJley,* y\ho js a Slat^ Senator,
To£-*tp6 concfttlo-j'. of Comparr>- I, saying
he."* as absent wt'tho'ut.'lfave and *t£at
eipo-c.hlz.u-s' • xrhj}. "krrew riothins of the"
¦rj,i!*:ta.rj-.recnliremerjts were left in "charge.
m Colony K-oster. "rtports his" observatior*
tha» 4 he. ea"pta"ins"o/. various military com
pank.s oftendld* : njrt give their men the
pfoper -ir<inr* v .t!ie."commfinders evidently.
ha\*!r.g "fc£ied. to .coijsult together and
p!£ce. t>.'<?. pf,opcr conErruction upon the
National Gua.rd rcciilaUons! '-
. "SACRAMENTO: TOct:.-L^u"tenant Col
' o*el J. A. ICoster.. inspection officer .of the
>iatlonfe.r Guard" of California, under Ma
.jor General Dickla'son, -has • thrown- a
.bombshell Into the- ranks of the militia in
¦=3Sortkern California. ' In a report full of
caustic critlcisra he refommencis .\o the
. £orninand#r..in chi»f rhat Companies G of
S'arnrmento* and* I' of Grass Valley t be
ibflg1r*g- io..tfte Steborfd Regiment,. be mus
t^red" ou'c o€ "seEvic'e. ;He severely criti
jcijes- se»era£ c-t rhtf cbmpanle» for" w,hat
i he regards, as Tack, of instruction and •djs
"¦ciplinfc° „ •'"*¦-'. ' . -
• 'In an interview this (evening Colonel H.
J. Sej*m^:r jmid <fce*'did not \j;ant to-criti
cize Colc-V.el" Kostpr's report, but he felt
thp.t t-iie.'infpectJon" officer hatl passed bh
.trie companies at"* a time when" many Te
""STuJjs. ifgjl Just- b^en enrolled* sft\d "th,e*
dri'iirfg- "average was low. =,\V.hife the rs
*p<yt-*wj'.F reach -the Gbverrror,
lr Is «f till In..the -hands oJ the adjutant
"£e"£era!. c * * c . " ¦=••. • ••*' . '. '.
.-•-Th<* report is especially pointed m its
o re?ertr.es"? to Cprnpa-ny (5 V)f Sacramento
1 pt -Gr^tss Valley. Colonel
•'j-toster-findg .trjSt th'e racrh&ers oT the. roil
lt:jVv..*eo£n>£uies in* the' smaller tpwns" .do
: tuoi -pay. Enough fe^ps'ct to their superior*
'.oflicerS an4 t*he members, fcitled *to salute '
'••ifi^.insipectl'bi* rfficer wben-"they"nret iilm..
;'He says-.lf><}.t while.aV Grabs'- Valley he
.had/to -feiyritiscA"!" jnV mil.lria*rleti several
¦ tiyieV in c o crc!*r'"to"niaKe them" stop laugh
: Ing 1 . * o Th^>v <JTd= no.t- appear V« have tne=
pV-SP**" conception '<jf tiielr military dutie's*.
','He .Al<(?.hoVevef, «he* " wjs .• highly tm
•.rrssjcj with the"- persorfnel^ pf the men
jtttlj bclievoci.ju-ilit* if •¦properly officered*
•iljfy could < bc*maVJe"a-"valuaHe adjunpt to
¦'tig >"art?.'r&l Gua>d. .".The; n*«P.le.of "the
'town; appeared .t<j. b, e "<deepfy interested In
tljw wqlt&rm' oi *t*ji» <7omrja»ny, h.ut : undex
: pr^3«it £-6KcIitions'..£ie deemed'-It us«?>ess. tb
.'nVjir-JaiaMt, fcnd therefore adyls^d-"that. It •
bft"m»3ie,re<J. out v"f jsg|*vic*j?- •* • . " *
5 %Vith"jefer«nqe "tt>"Company c G of Sacra
n!ento,» £olo!iej Foster say*., he* was Jn
fQrnied" c Captain-. John ZIttinger that
•there 3 - were so marly recruits" in trie. cor*i-
Iiarij- °fc«'Yoiild oiiot m,%ke a. proper : shbtj-
4ns. K» doo-» 501 itttribuie .th« fact' that
C-bmpan-^G o 5sT>el6w*« ;ta ' 1<iar * to tfu; -fault
¦*£.$?•* *°-?^ c: !! 1? ' l* 1^ rather to "the* fact tlrat
.Sacra°m°e^ita;is °b"urdefied.°wlt.{j so ' many
."3*4-it£ry «ccrjnpai^ie^ !> "ha\in*g' : tw'b -copipa-.
•kfes*of iij/ar.try. a tro«p of cavalry and a
signal C «-Jrps".^ •Sft'.many "oumFahies in "a
cjty - «he..*»".z^ r of*-s^.craflientb make.it Hlffi
cult. the«mspe<!roc ftpds. to.sefiufe the \icsv
inktefial* for member«bjp. " Jle- therefore !
1-ecomirfehds.trUr'Corfip"an>-G be' mustered I
¦out. .•"... ° o ; ' . •
Epep-'il Dfepatch to The Call
As a corollary to that principle, I am op
posed to the intar'-'entlon of government in any
class of enterprises which are In conflict with
and opposition to private undertakings.
I am a firm believer in tne Idea that all en
terprises not within the most strictly defined
powers of government should be left to pri
vate investors and to the Initiative of individ
uals: that the public treasury should net bt*
drawn upon nor taxation levied to establish
works of general utility In opposition ta the
Investment*- of private citizens.
I am unwilling, even by silenc.'. to obtain
the vote of any elector acting in Ignorance ot
my declared opinion.
If I should be elected It would be my Outy
to carry into effect, by my professional labors,
the mandate of the people of this city in the
acquisition of the Geary-street railroad and
such other public utilities as they in iheir
wiadom micht choose to acquire.
My opinions upon this subject are unchang
able. For this reason, reiterating my warmest
thanks for the honor you have conferred upon
me, I have the honor to d--c!lnj» the nomina
tion. I remain. Yours very sincerely.
CRITTEXDEX THORNTON.
I have read the platform and dec
laration of principles of the-conven
tion and regret that there is one sub
ject of municipal policy upon which
I am not in accord with the opinions
of the convention.
I refer to the plank in the plat
form which favors the acquisition of
the Geary-street railroad and its op
eration by and at the cost of the mu
nicipal government.
I have not only formed this
opinion, but have expressed the same
on record to the effect that such a
purpose is not only contrary to the
fundamental principles, of Democracy,
but is forbidden by the present con
stitution of the State of California.
Hincc I have te*>r. old enough to form and
express opinions of public policy I have be
lieved in the declaration of Thomas Jefferson
that "the best government 13 that which gov
erns the least."
Hon. Thomas W. Hlckey, President ot tha
Democratic County Convention, San Francisco,
Cal. — Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge
information of the action of the convention
ever which you rreside tendering to me the
i-omlnation of the Democratic party for lhe of
fice of City and Ccunty Attorney. I heg lc*vi
to express my warmest thinks for the honor
thus conferred.
As stated In The Call of yesterday, Crlt
tenden Thornton, the attorney who was
nominated for City Attorney by the Dem
ocratic Municipal Convention, has de
clined to run. In a letter sent to the
president of the Democratic Convention
he gives his reasons for not accepting the
nomination. He Is opposed to the acqui
sition of the Geary street railroad. Jo
seph E. O'Donnell has been invited to fill
the vacancy, but Mr. O'Donnell has de
clined to allow his name to go on the
ticket. Mr. Thornton's letter is as fol
lows:
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 1, 1903.
fiharplj Criticizes, the First Infantry
.. " and Declares That the Mem- r
m ° bers Know- Nothing of
• Guard Duty. . • ='.
Believes in Jefferson's Declaration
That the Best Government Is
That Which Governs
the Least. ~~*
Recommends . .That. ..Two of
. Them Be. Mustered Out
" * of the Service. ' ' '
Explains Refusal to Accept
Nomination for City
Attorney.
President Hill also stated that there has
been no increase in the authorized share
capacity of the company, which remains
at $125,000,000. A decrease of $7S5,000 In the
bonded debt of the St. Paul. Minneapolis
and Manitoba Railroad is reported, with
no change in the bonded debt of any of
the proprietary companies.
. During the past fiscal year the company
has opened for operation six new Ilne3,
•namely, the Dakota and Great Northern
Railroad, the Montana and Great North
ern Railway, the "Washington and Great
.Northern Railway, the Vancouver, Vic
toria and Eastern Railway, the Crows
Nest Southern Railway, and the Mon
tana and Great Northern Railway (Great
Fa.-is to Sweet Grass. Mont.).
The tonnage of revenue freight hauled
during the year increased $3,008,217. Earn
ings of passenger trains Increased $1,131.
114.
NEW YORK. Oct. 2.— The annual pam
¦ phlet report of the Great Northern Rail
way Company for the year ending June
20 last was issued to-day. The report of
President Hill gives minute details as to
the financial and physical conditions of
the system, but no reference is made to
the litigation growing out of the organ
ization of the Northern Securities Com
pany.
Report of the Company Is
. .S'ileE-fc on Securities
Litigation.
Colonel' ..Itoster Finds
:' ; -iMany Companies Be
•' ..* ' low Standard.
Thornton Tells Why He
Declined Place on
Ticket.
The Crocker- Vance Club will hold a
meeting Monday night at Fourth avenue
and Clement street. The nominee for
Mayor, Henry J. Crocker, will address
the people, i ' . ' • • .
Dear- Sir: At a meeting of the advisory
council of the league with the Republican
nominees held last evening a moflon was unani
mously carried that meetings be called for as
early a date as possible of the executive com
mittees of all district clubs to which the mem
bers of the county committee from the district
be invited for lhe purpose of taking active
i«teps to thoroughly organize every district and
precinct and enlist the co-operation of all Re
publicans in support of the ticket.
Kindly »end word to these headquarters of
the time and place you will call the meeting
which is to be held In your district Re
spectfully, J. STEPPACHER, Secretary-
Secretary of State Charles F. Curry,
who is in the city looking over the politi
cal situation, predicts a sweeping Repub
lican victory. He cannot see why the
city of San Francisco should turn a col-d
shoulder on the party of progress and
prosperity. Comparing the present flour
ishing times under National and State
Republican administrations with the hard
and dull times when the Democrats were
In office he cannot believe that the labor
ing men, the merchants and property
owners are going to place themselves in
the condition that existed when thousands
of honest and industrious men were will
ing to accept a day's work on a pub.lic
boulevard at $1 a day and when one-third
of the dwellings were vacant.
A communication of which the follow
ing is a copy has been sent to the presi
dent of every .district club of the league:
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 2, 1903.
DISTRICT ORGANIZATION.
There is a general" expression. through
out the city that the Republicans this
year will vote the straight ticket. There
are indications that the efficient organi
zation of the party in every Assembly
district will bring to the polls on election
day nearly every registered voter- of Re
publican tendencies. The organization
committee, of the United Republican
League met last evening at 16 Geary
street. Another meeting will be held at
4 p. m. to-day.
The Republicans of San Francisco never
before entered upon a local campaign
with greater confidence of a successful
finish than Is now shown. \ Politicians
who have carefully studied the existing
conditions, and taken Into consideration
the Republican strength, displayed in the
city election two years ago and. in the
State election last year predict that the
party vote next month will approximate
25,000. .
assurance 'of vigorous support.
The gratifying intelligence is also received
that many prominent workingmen who
supported the labor nominee In 1901 will
lend their influence in this campaign to
the party of progress and prosperity.
There was an animated and prolonged
session of Henry J. Crocker's campaign
committee last night. Plans for a vigor
ous and determined contest were disi
cussed. The leaders were elated over the
prospects of success. Arrangements were
effected for a large meeting of business
men next Monday evening. During the
last week the committee acquired a vast
deal of information concerning the atti
tude of leading men in mercantile, manu
facturing and professional pursuits. Re
ports from every district of the city were
submitted to the "campaign committee.
Many firms and institutions that were in
different or apathetic' in the contest two
years ago promise to take an active part
in t promoting the election of Mr. Crocker
and his associates on the Republican
ticket. These positive assurances of en
thusiastic support impel the leaders to
broaden the scope of operations by en
larging the membership of the committee.
PROSPECTS OF SUCCESS.
THE business men and taxpayer?
of San Francisco are. extending
to Henry J. Crocker, the Republi
can candidate for Mayor,' positive
Great Northern Traffic
*Showa Increase Dur
• • ing a .Year. .
MILITIAMEN
ARE SCORED
IN A REPORT
CONDEMNS
MUNICIPAL
OWNERSHIP
RAILROAD EARNS
MORE MILLIONS
REPUBLICANS PREPARING
FOR A VIGOROUS CAMPAIGN
Organization Committee -.Begins Work With a Views .to
Bringing About 'Henry J. Crocker's Election' as Mayor:
• Democratic County CqmmitteeJYleets and Elects Officers
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 3, 3903.
State Convention Heartily Indorses Administration and Re
. nominates by Acclamation Governor Bates, Lieutenant
"¦ Governor Guild, and Remainder of Present Officers
MASSACHUSETTS REPUBLICANS
ARE PLEDGED TO ROOSEVELT
3
\ l • * ' "- ADVERTISE jjIENISL .
. / A- touch is" enough for
..cleanliness. That is. why
soap lasts so. :¦
- Pears' shaving soap is '
.the best in all the world.
• ' Established orer zoo years.
EVERY WOMAN
z V— - is interested and should know
' about the wonderful
' *^«^^\ MflDUCI WHIRLING
•^^#i^.\ *"**nw£L SPRAY
»v ¦¦$< «* V\C* l\\% 1 he new VarlnjJ SyrtncB*
V i ' VSt W 51- "'A I*jectioh and Suct.cn.
\V-AxS< > ir^ s ***il - *est— Safest— Most Con-
venient. It Cleanse!
laitaaU-r
-Atii-mrdrenliMorlt; \, f&^nrr^^^^
V bt r.rmot mpply «»e NB^T '"WfftS .
*tf ARt'l'L, accept no r \ Jr-ffoir"
•ther. but, tend tt*mp for fit*. \-» f 't-V'/'y^y
t*»:*-d hook— o'onlrd. It flirt ft«n V//,, / "/jT
• ntriculan as<1 airr^tiotw inrtluab!* **k' ; #, ?m
• toAdie- • -tlAtfVI'I, <"T.. . '^^HUf'kliW
Room.2C3. Tlm«» .Bdg..'*J.'ew York.
S~-~-_ T-7-. '— -T ?-¦ :
A Weak Heart '
. -dcglcctcd -means heart disease, the
¦ mosf co/n-mqn cause of sudden death.
Or- Miles' Heart.Cure will strength-
en, -regufatc and cure weak hearts.
> icL*, T 1^1 drujrtists on guarantee. Frw
.000k on heart. disrate for pobtal.
• ; ¦ I>it. Milks Mcoicai, Co.. Kilcliart. Ind.
f t Corhrrion pepper is pepper
•and almost anything else — a
c^uan^r pepper three-quarters
that, very likely. . Sells "cheap"
and pays 300 per cent. Schil-
ling's Best is nothing but good
true pepper. If you want dirt
you can add it for nothing.
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
' CLOSE OCTOBER 30.
The Call's Cook Book prem-
ium offer will close on October
30, 1903, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household treasure should not
fail to place their order im»»
mediately.
This splendid premium will :
ba offered to Call subscribers. at
the exceptionally ; low rate of
fifty cents per copy. . Out of
town orders twenty cents ad-
ditional to cover prepayment of
transportation charges.
L ADVERTISEMENTS.
B 7 — '^i^^'^l (baw ret £K tak. l I
>C^iFpiano
if^'Tlie Old " -Reliable"
.// Because it has been put through every test and has come
j // out triumphant.
/ // It possesses life-long durability, is beautiful in archi-
I 'I tectural design and superlative in tone qualities.
I I All Stecks.are good ones.
I j Inquire for our liberal terms.
\\j\ 931-933 Market St.,
\ V\ . San Francisco,
'NaXV OTHER STORES— OAKLAND, SAN JOSE /
\ and SACRAMENTO. //When away from home " we remember
tho good things cooked by gas on the
range from the S. F. Gas & Electric Co. •
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2.— Rear Admiral
Kempff will be retired October 11. Orders have
been Issued for hla detachment from duty as
commandant of . tbe Pacific na.va.1, district to
await Ws retirement.
-WOODLAND, Oct. 2.— Depredations in
Woodland are becoming more frequent
and. daring. Last night the store of J.
B. McCrodan on Main street was robbed.
A quantity of cigars and tobacco and $10
were stolen. The burglary is one of a se
¦ ries committed in Woodland within the
past few days.'- ¦ -¦•¦- ¦• - ¦ .* ¦¦¦ . '
Burglars Are Busy at Woodland.
The. popular excursion to Monterey on Sun
day, Oct.\ 11, will give opportunity to see the
orchards of Santa Clara Valley, Del ; Monte
the Beautiful, Old Monterey, v Pacific Grove
and Carmel-by-the-Sea, all in one day. . At
Monterey there will be in progress a Spanish
fiesta, with contests of, roping and riding wild
bulls,- bronco busting, etc.
, : Train .will leate depot Third and Townsend
streets at 7:15 a. m. Returning 1 , leave Monte
rey 4:15 p. m. , *•
$2 to Monterey and Return $2.
WOODLAND, Oct. 2.— The local winery
is taxed to its utmost capacity. From a
hundred to a hundred and fifty tons of
grapes are crushed every day. The coop
erage has been Increased more than 200,000
gallons since the season began. The dis
tillery is running day and night. The
picking of the second crop of grapes will
begin In a few days.
Winery Is Running Day and Night.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 2.— John Con
nors, superintendent of the Gold Crown
quartz mine, who reached this city to
day, declares that Mount St. Helens was
in eruption on September 15, the date on
which an earthquake was felt over the
Pacific Northwest country. •
Hount St. Helens in Eruption.
A visit to Vallejo, Naval Station, Lime
Point, etc., bay excursion steamer Sausalito,
next Sunday; 75c (50c for children). *
NEW YORK. Oct. 2.— Senator Platt Bald
to-day- that George R. Sheldon of : this
city would succeed the late Frederick . S.
Gibbs as Republican National Committee
man 'from" this State; ¦
New National Committeeman.
Griffith's Examination 19 Postponed.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 2.— The prelimin
ary examination of Colonel Griffith J.
Griffith on the charge of assault with in
tent to murder his wife was to-day post
poned until October 22, Mrs. Griffith not
being sufficiently recovered from the ef
fects of her wounds to appear in court.
REDDING. Oct. 2.— Milton Fox. a
farmer of Phillips district, who started
with his team from Redding Wednesday
evening for his home a few miles from
town, walked into the home of his
brother, George Fox of Oak Run, many
miles from, his destination, Thursday aft
ernoon. When questioned about the team
he said he had killed both horses. As one
of the animals was already home and the
other was found tied to the wagon,- it is
evident that Fox roamed the woods dur
ing the night on foot. His mental condi
tion is believed to be due to delirium from
a fever that must have attacked him
shortly after his departure from Redding.
Wanders Off While Demented.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2.— Fritz Shuman to
day shot and' killed Louis Zetsel hi agro
eery on West Thirty-seventh * street and
then," going home, committed suicide. Zet
sel recently bought the store from Shu - 1
man and the men quarreled about the
Bale. lS6S*8i
Double Tragedy Follows Quarrel.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 2.— Lucy Derham has
brought, suit here against Elbert W. Har
ton to recover $5000 damages for injuries
alleged to have been received in an as
sault upon her by the defendant. Plain
tiff is a widow, and alleges that she was
kicked and beaten without cause. She Is
a Bister of the divorced wife of Harton.
Sues Former Brother-in-La-w.
IOWA CITY, Iowa, Oct. 2.— Charles
Lewis of Sheridan, Wyo.. a member of
the Legislature of that State, died here
to-day after a long illness. Before going
to Wyoming he was twice Mayor of Iowa
City. He returned here recently for his
health.
Wyoming Legislator Dies.
Reading of Editorials in The State Is
Concluded and Prosecution Has
Almost Finished.
LEXINGTON, S. C, Oct. 2.— A vast
amount of testimony was taken to-day
in the trial of J. H. Tillman, nearly twen
ty witnesses having been on the stand,
none of whom were subjected to lengthy
examinations. In addition, to this the
reading of the editorials in The State was
concluded. The prosecution has progressed
rapidly toward the conclusion of its side
of the case.
SCORE OF WITNESSES
IN THE TILLMAN CASE
SACRAMENTO, [ Oct. 2. — Edward
Skuggs, whose home Is in Atlanta, Geor
gia, has been confined In the County Jail
for several days on suspicion of insanity,
but as he is apparently fully restored to
competency he will be released. Skuggs
inherited $15,000 from his father's estate
in Atlanta nine months ago, and pro
ceeded to put the money in circulation.
He journeyed to San Francisco by a cir
cuitous route and all he remembered of
the trip is that he had a good time and
spent $14,800 in securing it. He left San
Francisco with $200 and found himself the
other. day at a gay resort on the Riverside
road, a few miles below Sacramento. The
rural constables arrested him on suspi
cion of Insanity, an evidence of the de
mentia, which they regard as conclusive
being his refusal to take a drink of liquor
when invited to do so. He supplied what
the constables deemed further proof of
a -disordered. mind when he paid 25 cents
for a glass of plain water. Skuggs says
there Is more money coming to him in At
lanta and he is going back to get it.
Edward Skuggs of Atlanta, Georgia,
Is Arrested at Sacramento on
Suspicion of Insanity.
SQUANDERS A FORTUNE
LEFT HIM BY FATHER
SOLOMONVILLK. Oct. 2.— Sheriff Parka
of Graham County has' returned to Solo
monville from the Blue River country,
where he made a vain attempt to capture
outlaw Joe Roberts, who repulsed the offi
cers in . a pitched battle about ten days
ago. Parka and his posse followed the
desperado for many miles af.d at one time
were close to him. . A fierce fight was Im
minent, when, with the aid of a rancher
named Dallas, Roberts and his men gave
the officers the slip and they lost all trace
of them. Dallas was arrested and brought
back to Solomonville, where he was
placed in Jail under a heavy guard.
Roberts stands by his friends and It is
feared that he may attempt to effect the
release of Dallas.
OUTLAW JOE ROBERTS
STILL ENJOYS LIBERTY
Desperado Manages With the Aid of
a Rancher to Give His Pur
suers the Slip.
ST. I^OUIS, Oct. 2.— Sir Thomas Upton,
In a telegram from Chicago to President
Francis received this afternoon, declared
that he would not visit St. Louia previous
to the opening of the world's fair. The
telegram read:
Governor D. n. Francis, St. Ix>u!s: Expect
to leave to-morrow for -New York. Am not
fully recovered; otherwise would have jrone to
St. Louis. I hope, however, to be one of your
first visitors next year. Kind regards. Greatly
appreciate all your kindness.
THOMAS J. LIPTON.
Telegraphs Francis That His Health
Will Not Permit the Trip at
Present.
UPTON WILL VISIT
FAIR AT ST. LOUIS
TACOMA, Wash., Oct. 2.— Thomas Chis
holm Is suing the Canadian Government
for $54,000 damages, alleged to have been
caused by the Government seizure four
years ago of a large consignment of
liquors belonging to the plaintiff. In the
fall of 1899 Chisholm started for Dawson
with a stock of liquors which he expected
to sell at retail during the winter at a
large profit. He took them through
American territory in bond and expected
no difflculty In forwarding them to Daw
eon. At that time most of tho liquors
used In the Klondike were being brought
up tho river under special permits from
the American and Canadian Governments.
Mounted police seized Chisholm's stock at
Selwln, a short distance this side of Daw
son and later destroyed it. The barrels
of whisky "and casks of wine were emptied
Into the snow banks.
No. C of. the Atlantic express,
vrhich collided head-on with the second
section of No. 219, west-bound freight,
Thursday night in this city. Allan Har
per, a railway conductor, who was trav
eling through to Ogden from his home In
Pocatello, Idaho, was killed and twenty
persons were injured, five of them se
verely.
The injured: Mrs. L. Smith, 567 Clark
Street, Chicago, bruised on left knee and
sprained back; James McArter, 307 North
Fourth street, Haverlzon, N. J., left hand
sprained and contusion on head; F. A.
Byanski, Garrett, Ind., right leg broken;
Rev. George Comfort, Lamborro, Pa.,
right arm fractured In two places and ex
tensive lacerations of entire right hand,
amputation of the arm will be necessary;
Thomas Crowley, Chicago. 111., right leg
bruised; P. J. Fort, Quick City, two abra
sions on the right side of nose, right hip
sprained; Grant Pyle, cattle buyer for H.
Levy & Co., San Francisco, left hand cut,
extensive cut over left eye, nose broken,
light arm injured; N. Neshlde, Japanese,
Sacramento, left thigh bruised; U. Matsu
yoshi, Japanese, San Francisco, left leg
bruised; J. Tracy, San Francisco, right
leg bruised below the knee; E. Thome,
Evanston, Wyo., laceration of right foot,
amputation necessary, scalp wound; Wil
liam Cross, passenger brakeman. Wads
worth, Nev., bruised chest and kneo cap;
J. W. Ldttlejohn, Wadsworth, Nev., en
gineer on first section of No. 6, left leg
broken below knee; J. B. Stone, Wads
worth, Nev., fireman on passenger train,
cut over left eye, severe contusion, possi
ble internal Injuries; J. C. Holland, Wads
worth, Nev., conductor in charge of pas
senger train, cut over right eye, body
CANADIAN GOVERNMENT
IS SUED FOR DAMAGES
Dawson Dealer Claims That Mounted
Police Illegally Seized His Stock
of Liquors.
BEOWAWE, Nev., Oct. 2.— Many
Etorles of remarkable escapes
from death are told by passen
gers on the first section of train
North' Shore Railroad Company's
New System for Passenger Travel
Is Put in Operation.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 2. — The North
Shore Railroad Company , ran its first
electric train into' San Rafael to-night.
Two weeks ago a train was carried over
the track as far as West End station, but
to-night showed the entire system in oper
ation. About BOO San Rafaelites made the
round trip to Sausalito. A train of six
cars left here at 8:10 and arrived at the
terminus at 8:40. On the return the trip
was made from Sausalito to San Rafael
in 21 minutes. The average speed was 35
miles per hour and the maximum speed
about 45 miles an hour. The trip was
entirely successful.
FIRST ELECTRIC TRAIN
RUNS INTO SAN RAFAEL
bruised; Mrs. M. L. Trowbridge, Bridge
port, Conn., severe sprain of back and
lower muscles of abdomen; Miss Mae
McKinley, Kingfisher, Okla., sprained
back; Mrs. J. Norman, Elko, Nev., bruised
over left eye, injured in the breast; Anto
nio Dlgovno, Oakland, injured on hips; T.
E. Mathews, Ogden, Utah, Wells-Fargo
express messenger, cut on head.
Both engines were demolished and the
baggage car, smoker, day coach and sev
eral tourist cars were badly damaged.
The wreckage caught fire, but the flames
were soon extinguished by those of the
persons who had escaped injury. Among
the passengers on the train were a doctor,
a trained nurse and two discharged sol
diers, the latter having served in the hos
pital corps in the Philippine Islands. They
rendered great service to the injured be
fore the arrival of medical assistance
from Winnemucca and Carlin.
Allan Harper was sitting in the rear end
of the smoker when the collision took
place, and was pinned and badly mangled
in the wreckage. Death was not instan
taneous and he suffered untold agony for
several hours.
According to the stories told by the rail
road hands the second section of No. 219
came down the main line at Beowawe to
allow a freight to pull out. Conductor
Dorsey, in charge of No. 219, saw what
the engineer was doing, and as No. 6 was
about due turned the air on the train,
breaking it in two. The brakeman went
back to chain up, while the fireman went
to flag the first section of No. 6, which
was coming. Being on the curve, the
passenger engineer did not see the flag
man until the trains were almost togeth
er and It was impossible to prevent a
collision. Both engine crews Jumped be
fore the trains met.
The dead and injured were taken on the
second section of No. 6 to Ogden, with the
exception of Fireman Stone and Grant
Pyle of San Francisco, *who were trans
ferred to No. 5 and sent to San Fran
cisco.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TOPEKA, Kans., Oct. 2.— A special t<t
the State Journal from Pratt, Kans., says
a cloudburst early Thursday evening did
inestimable damage to property and sent
the Ninescan, an ordinary stream, over a
mile in width in a brief time.
At least three inches of rain fell with
in the hourr and the Santa Fe Railroad
tracks are a foot under water. The city
water pumps are under six feet of water.
No lives are reported lost. An eight
weeks' drought was broken.
Cloudburst Does Much Damage in
Kansas, but no Lives Are
Lost.
STREAM IS SWOLLEN
TO A MILE IN WIDTH
SAN FRANCISCAN WHO WAS SERIOUSLY INJURED IN A COLLISION
BETWEEN FREIGHT AND PASSENGER TRAINS IN THE RAIL
ROAD YARDS AT BEOWAWE, NEV.. THURSDAY NIGHT.
SAXTA' AX.V.. Oft: S.— Samuel Lupton,
ei ranch.ee -35. Sear?" of -age.- residing" three
jliiles. southwest v>t tins" city, was killed
.th^,«ftorti*2n< fcj'. a. charge of shot through
the-abd'oxie'n. pr'ffsi'.nralily frpm the acci-
: <* : fnfal- tiiSajarge..of rt.khotgun which he
."toot" f rqni tbd -house with the avowed in
¦tt-ntioh "c"£ fchoo'Jnir chickf-h ' hawks,- No
.one •*'as ipVesont ""when .the ' accident oc
:«:rre«l a^'d aSide-'frem the fact that the
.<;haxgft "ent«red".f he l»o<Ty In a peculiar po-
: £jti€h" tf.er-e-. was. -nothing pointing to sui
• tWe. . I/Ujt'on. leaves ttfo sons.
ya.rm.e> -Accidefitally. Kills Himeelf.
The Oratorio Society, of which Miss
Page was a prominent member, attended
the funeral in a body, and decorated and
lined the grave.
Miss Page, while temporarily insane
from illness, mysteriously disappeared
from her home in this city on September
13. She had started out to call on some
friends, but instead took a train to Santa
Cruz. On the loth of September her jack
et, hat and gloves were found on the
rocks at Vue de l'fiau, where she had
drowned herself. Last Wednesday her
body was found floating in the bay. De
ceased was one of the most popular
young ladles in this city. and was promi
nent in church and society affairs.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 2.— The funeral of Miss
Hertha Page, the popular young society
lady of this city who drowned herself at
Santa Cruz while temporarily insane, was
held to-day and was largely attended by
the friends of the young woman. Services
were held at St. Patrick's Catholic
Church. The embossed plush casket was
covered with a' pall of white and pink
sweet peas. The chancel rail and altar of
the church were draped with purple rib
bons. There was an unusually large num
ber of floral pieces.
Rev. Father McGulre preached the ser
mon. The music was especially nne, the
choir singing Giorza's requiem mass and
"Madonna Libera." A large number of
friends followed the remains to the cem
etery. The pallbearers were H. W. Mc-
Comas, Oscar Promis, David Blair, Daniel
Byron, James Shute, J. A. Delmas, C. E.
Scott, Lloyd Childs, L. C. Moisson and
Charles Herold. '
FRIENDS PAY THE LAST
SAD TRIBUTE OF RESPECT
Funeral of Miss Hertha Page, Who
Drowned Herself, Is Largely
Attended.
lTHeTe.:fs a- st^uirgle. poihff on between
'the : :Bai; Cltie^*. gprlrsg Valley eorri-
I'lsmies R>r*tCplrtJ5pl:*Srf the* Coyote .headwa
¦tersr.iU'Jh.if valley. ' •iTath' claim the wa
iters* of-- tT<r. Moufti' 'HaciiK^n 'streams and
tb« .ljayrjtl^s .O^.pafiy .has'.beea notified
by'' i;ije •pjirJnp.lV^lley-V'pmpai'x' tha.t- any
•aitfjfaptyio- dlvefi jh«r waters of these
>jreanis-^"ijl be 'j^sistf d." ""
' .SAf^.-.J'QS]>. "./.wij 2.— The published re
.Pf«¥ >JtfqBX'lEttxaT that afeeuts of C the
.gj>'ffcig : 'V JiiVy • Ny s a*{er. •Company are buy
•insr ;«'p* la'r.11* sV-;as. to- ciiMro'l the 1'vaa
HBrktprtf'tk crhphaticallj .denied by Engin
"ecr'iSohwJ^lVf. of <he. Spring A* alley Com
"j)afiv,- wh» $jk. now. at bel - Utmtje.
aifs Report. -Hecetitly' Sent Out
;¦¦.'.".-¦..- From Gtlroy. '.
STRrN-S; V-AJJ-Ey /COMPANY .
' ' • IS ¦ -NOT'" JBTJYHJC} ITP LAND
Engineer. Scliussjer -Exapliatically De-
TACOMA, Wash., Oct. 2.— One of the
prettiest Klondike weddings of the season
was solemnized two weeks ago at Ragle,
Alaska, whqn Miss Dorothea Bagley, a
native daughter of San Francisco, and
Gordon Glencoe Hulme were married by
Dr. Ensign, the Presbyterian minister at
Eagle. The bride has been known as one
of the handsomest girls In Dawson, where
she was formerly manager of the tele
phone exchange. At a society ball last
winter she was voted the most beautiful
woman present. Her original name was
Tracy, the name of Bagley being given
her by Mr. and Mrs. Bagley of San Fran
cisco, who adopted her when she was a
child. The bridegroom is a son of Lieu
tenant Colonel Hulme of Belleville. On
tario. He served with the First Cana
dian Regiment In the South African war,
receiving honorable mention for services
on the battlefield. On returning to Lon
don he was presented to the King and
Queen. He is now bookkeeper for a mer
cantile firm at Dawson. Hulme and Miss
Bagley went to Eagle by the steamer
Bailey and were married on their arrival
there. They returned on the same steam
er and were given a warm greeting by
Dawson friends who had filled their new
home with flowers and fruit.
Popular Belle of Dawson
Goes Prom Telephone Of
fice to the Altar.
." .NEVADA ClTt. OcL 2— Marion A. F.
-^Toiler. •**.<> l3.knowhi-to the police by
eeT^ral, otb«r naxacs. from the
. Branch" Gom&y Jail. at,-TVucki3'» Tuesday
r.lgh^ arid has not been rccapture<l. ilul
ler-raade Mis ise$&& by saTring two of the
iro;i 'bars- of. 'the cell an ordinary
cfisekniTe. ' .Ilp'-wns arst^sted last week
t>y'Cor»sfai>lo -MrDouffil .dp a; charge of
jorsery. "aiid Rt-ite preliminary hearing
¦ Monday "•Ras.b'curKl over t*> appear Jn the
Supf'rton Court for trial The fersny V! ~ a^
'¦comrnltt*d : ct :S'j|:f.init eri Tuesday night
of !aat.\t>eV-... Sjullbcptole a pockrt.book
Jinn* a st'Ctroij -hand .named A. F. Miller:
The £ocHetb.ook "corkalneQ a check for $77,
•"andftplie tfeicf nni4'e th'e cheolc fit his own
.rj*rne -bi.-. pencil." ¦trokOC After making
• the aJt^ratioris-he cashed the ch«ck.
# T»Iiilef*-wa"s conflsed'jbl^ ce'.l -with James
'C*ref<gan;.'".thQ. nott;riou3 : larger, vho was
¦v Jth." V?.' ."IL "f Jeck«ir. " the : "prince of
•.'forgers.'.' Ma iKc-fs-mods Crv>cknr-Wool
""¦vvonth Bafek* f^rpery. .' •Crtcgajn ' was too
b.T? to gretHhroUBB.thf" hole made by Mul
•J<ir.: H^-i^.b^irg beld ;ro answer for for-
KrVies committed' ai Winr.enuieca. Nev.
.^His- Cellmate Too Stout to,
i Slip ;ThrDug-h •• Hole . Made
' " ' : •• • • • •" in the Wall. •'-.{"
Desperate' Forger Gets
..• "^Wjay- F-roiii iTail at
• ! . ¦"''.''. : Triickea .*
Miss- Dorothea Bagley
Becomes Bride of
Canadian.
SAWS IRON BARS
WITH CASEKNIFE
CALIFORNIA GIRL
WEDS IN ALASKA
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 3.
Collision at Beowawe Thursday Night Between Freight
and Passenger Trains Results in Death of Allan Harper
. and Injury to Twenty Persons — Several May Die
CURVE PREVENTS ENGINEER
SEEING BRAKEMAN'S SIGNAL
4
/. : [j>&. •PIERCES BEJIEDIES.
= '•""¦ '• 2*-~\ 'f^ • -
* , yt*y^"7t^^' e ' streets. People
y \L, ' ; • f ¦ ing sufferer in the
'jjV * /^"N^r*. sick room /was for-
" . '¦' gotten while the fam-
ily gazed- broatWess . at this strange
trag&y of the air. Then they went back
to. ahe sick/ropm to tell of the terrible
Etrbgglp for lifeHhey- had just witnessed.
- J.t d).d not ocqnr' to them that under their
very ryes a more, terrible, more pathetic
strijWlc was going qn daily. '
../There, can . be jaothing more pitiful
fhdjti the ¦ struggle tne. consumptive
maV.es against disease. The greatest
iielp. in this struggle is gained by the
' use of «pr. Pierce's Golden Medical Dis-
covery..-. It cures obstinate coughs, weak
and ulee*i:ng Inrgs, emaciation, and
other" ailments which il neglected or
unskiJlfualy treated find a fatal terminL-
tior. in consyinption.
"In 1898 on&oY ray daughters was suffering on
account of It ee\Vrc cough, hectic fever, wasting
of fiesb and olher «}inptoms if diseased lungs,"
writes Rev. joacpn II. I : e£pennan, of Bannni
f-prings, • Iredell Co., N. C "I promptly gave
her Dr. R. *?. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
with gratifj-^ic^ .».icw»s, and she now enjoys
excellent hcf-lta. .This being true, I hereby
heartily endorse; y*«r niedicines." .
Accept no 5'jiigtitute # for ".Golden Med-
ical Discovery."" There is nothing w just
as good " for aSseasfcs of the stomach,
blood and lungs? ¦
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets assist the
r.rtion of th? ".Discovery.? •
Pare, Pale end Sparkling. Bottled
Only «t the Brewery In St. Louis.
SOLD EVERYWHERE,
HrUiEKT MliKCANTILE CO..
Pacific" Coait Ae^ntB.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
OF ANATOMY^
\ • -,C ." The Lvcrst KvaXoHiiai Muscun in tbe \
Q — <»» -s^ Vl - r - > v e^kcesses or anr contrmcted Q
• ykts En .£".<¦*>* poim.riT,.,^ by tbr oldes , f
O #t?«| Lit. 36 yean. ©
6 (J3i* \ M. JORDAH-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ I CCtt^H Consultation free *r.d strirtly priTite. \
v i Jffii D i ' r " r - r '""¦¦¦ ona! >' "' b * letter - A »
\ i V n M Fonxivt c " rt "¦ ~**n e«e undertaken. \
Aril ItO w-!t«-fiT i»nck. ptsit.osuftxy «r A
* U II' ¦**«IA€iK. MAtI.ES MES. Uf
1 J jj valuable book tot ton) \
V DO. J«ini)A.V&««. 1051 Market St.. 6. F. Y
J^% » Those suff erinsr from weak-
f^ nes*es -vrhich sap the pleasures
* * " of life should take Juven Pills.
in ¦ Oce bottle will tell a story of
XDHTvelon* results. This medicine has more
rejuvenatine. vitalizine force than has ever
been offered. Sent by mail in plain pack ace
oeIt on receipt of this a4v. and |L
Made by its oririnators C. L Hood Co.. oro-
prietora Hood's Barsaparilla, LoweU. Mass.
. . ADVERTISEME1?TS. " ? :
"¦'. , . i-; •_• '.• r T*
The Dollar
Invested in United States Laundry work
is certain to knock the -spot's off that
turned out by any. other concern because
of the care given' to every detail of .clean-
liness, starchhig.- ironing 1 and finishing
Our work Is divorced from; slipshod
Iso saw edges. : . . : '"-¦*:
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
orriCE ico4 masxet stsiet, .
0@El Kear rowel'..
.CUTLER^/"
EVffiV:BLMMRRANTED
WEEKLY CALL," $1 PEB YEAX
rnrr ...Art Supplement... " 1 _ . I
BPtHDES2^LA.iD ROSES;.'. :J; •• ¦"• /}''• -V^•,j|;
This picture shows a bouquet of Bridesmaid roses,' nearly fife "size,': in -a I > .. :¦' ; -v •" Vj '\ "•.IT
I deep red jardiniere, standing: out clear from .a dark background ;It is a ; repr!oi; ••'- ..::•; y : •=•".'«
t duction of an original oil oainting by Franz Mortelmans.^ r the distirifirui'shed'i •'; • '•' • ' "•' I-
flower painter of Belgium. It won a gold medal for him at :the -Brussels £xp'o ; • : ; ; : . ¦-;'••.•¦•'••' I.
•sition in 1890. / • •' \ " •* • .:':. '...•" •"'* '•* • :'* ¦' \ •.'•'."¦ ¦''¦;¦•. 1
J Franz Mortelmans was born in Antwerp in" 1865 and is considered 'by *n*ny ' .¦••"• ,*- ? ' C-_ '.- •:
: the greatest living painter of flowers. His father was a painter -"of artistic '• . ••¦I.'.-V. .;¦:'¦'*. '.:
f taste?, whose greatest joy was the progress and education of- his child/en in t&?. ,|/ = :..'.'. •¦':¦-'. ,
arts he loved so well — painting and music. It was his habit to take 'ihem- fie- " ..> "'•.'¦'..= -;•'¦• .-'0 :
qtientlyon excursions to the woods in search of flowers. Nothing pleased, the; •:. '.."" "• .-.V ¦ '
I little Franz more than to draw crudeforms in tbe dry earth and sand' -Dis-pfajr-' .••.;¦ • . ••;.. •..''•• '.
I ing unusual aptitude in outlining flowers' and still life, • at- -'the 1 ' early .age of ; ri ¦ \ •: ... '•; ;.'•¦.- ";.••; -
he°went to the academy to become a decorator and scene painter. At the" 2f^e. : '¦' Y'v' :^' "••••-.*•*.
of 16 he sent a canvas to the biennial salon at .Goud. .Another,- exhibited -in : !• -. . .. . : - ' V'^-.H;
I London, sold for £40 sterling, being " the only Belgian . picture purr {••':.; '•: '" \, : ~:\ Eg
- chased. After spending two years in the army he studied at VerlaC. and at tbfj. . ""• '¦:;'¦ .":•"'".:;&:
Ir.stitut Superieur. In 1880 he exhibited at the exposition of Ghent and se-' ' | __¦..•'¦ '^- '•'""iH:
ceived Governmental reward. In i8qo the same honor was jrranted . him • at . • .. . = : -' / V'. ; 'l
I Brussels. His studio is now in Antwerp and his; paintings ar«in-<Jcmand ' '. ' .• •" .':•'. -I
I throughout Europe and America. The Queen of Belgium recently purchased— ..:•":•:!.- :•''¦ I
one of his rose pictures. He is a lover of sport and he is frequently seen in the; ¦ ' : • ¦': , ; ..'V'
country followed by two dogs, giving free rein to his ever-vforkirig irhajrfna.-; ; ; '¦,',-: .'. V- \y\ >¦;?
tion. • .* . . • " :•¦•;:."":¦.'/• !. -: . .
TRAIN NEWS AGENTS AND ALL NEWSDEALERS^ T|E iip
Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents. Price 5 C^ttts. i?j %\
THEY ARE FRAMING THE CALL ART SUPPLEjVJpyfSftl
I The Following Art Dealers Are Making a Specialty of Framing tall Art &innfemants;: :- ¦¦ :-F^ :i 1
SAN JOSE-George Denae. M. Len- £™g tl fV t^|t. Barlow.. 369 REDWOOD CI1 r-wTC Bin* :PRIMA DONNA WHO REFUSED
TO SING AT A WAGNER BAN
QUET IN A MUSIC HALL,.
Not a dull moment in 8 hours. -Bay trip
Sunday, cteamer Sausnllto. . . *. . *
PARIS, Oct. 2.— The whole quarter, sur
rounding the Place de la Llberte at Va
lence d* Agenalls, comprising a distillery,
three cafes and a number of shops, cov
ering 2000 square yards, was destroyed by
fire to-day.- It is not known whether there
was any loss of life. .' , ' j
Fite in Valence d'Agenais.
The Young Men's Christian Association
enjoyed an outing last evening In the
form of a moonlight trip on the bay. The
steamer General Frlsble wa^ placed at
their disposal' and after an hour's stay at
El Campo the party returned to San
Francisco. Music was furnished ¦ by the
association's band. ' .
Moonlight Excursion of Y. M. C. A.
. CARACAS, Venezuela, Oct. 2.— A second
Italian man of war, the cruiser Ligurla,
has anchored at La Guayra. Her com
mander, the Duke of Abruzzi, spent yes
terday visiting Caracas incognito. He
said that he would pay a visit to New
Orleans November 3.
Duke of Abruzzi at Caracas.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2.— A meeting of the
executive committee of the Seaboard
Air Line was .held to-day and later an
nouncement was made of the election of
B. H. Yoakum as chairman. It Is de
clared™ upon excellent authority that
Yoakum will not become president of the
Seaboard system.
Yoakum Not to Be President.
BERLIN, Oct. 2.— Freiderich Llppmann,
head of the engraving division of the Na
tional Gallery. Is deacl. He was distin
guished in the art world of Europe and In
social life here and possessed large art
collections. His residence resembled a
museum. ' .'
Famous Engraver Dead.
HAMBURG, Sept. 2.— The Boersenhalle
says the prompt renewal of the iron and
steel syndicate, which embraces all the
large German makers, was brought about
by the recent .reports regarding the Amer
ican market. The fear, that the entry of
American competition might injure the
unity among German producers hastened
the consummation of the agreement.
American Market Reports Bring
About Unity Among German
Manufacturers.
FEAR OF COMPETITION
HASTENS TRUST RENEWAL
BERLIN, Oct. 2.— The commission sent
to the United States by the Prussian rail
way administration to investigate its
freight car system has returned and rec
ommended the adoption of cars on the
American model of twenty tons capacity.
The present cars in use here are of ten
tons capacity. An appropriation for this
purpose will be included in the next bud
get.
PRUSSIAN COMMISSION
FAVORS AMERICAN CARS
Recommends 'Adoption of Model of
Twenty Tons Capacity on
State Railways.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2.— The Navy De
partment to-day received a cablegram
from Rear Admiral Evans, co'mmandlng
tho Asiatic station, saying that he had
accepted the bid of Hashimoto, a Jap
anese merchant, $11,223, for the purchase
of the Mcnocacy. I The steamer Is now
at Taku, China. She went to China soon
after the close of the Civil War and was
present at the battle of Taku, in com
mand of Commander F. M. Wise. Under
instructions from Rear Admiral Kempff,
who was in command of the American
ships at Taku, the Monocacy, with the
other vess'els, did not participate in this
fight.
The Monocacy has had a checkered ca
reer. She Is a schooner rigged sldewheel
er, and was built in Baltimore in 1S6X She
outlived lier usefulness many years ago,
after arriving on the Chinese coast, and
for several years- past has been lying
quietly In a mud dock in the Peiho. Ad
miral Evans was instructed to sell her
without regard to appraisement, which
was onlv IS000.
EVANS SELLS MONOCACY
TO JAPANESE BIDDER
Rear Admiral Accepts Offer of $11,
t 225 for Old Steamer Long
Useless.
While the rioters and police were fight
ing a cab driver turned in a fire alarm
and se'veral engines were galloped
through the police formation, adding to
the confusion.
BERLIN, Oct. 2.— Thirty persons suffer
ing from saber cuts have applied at the
Red Cross station to have their wounds
dressed after a riot between omnibus driv
ers and non-unionists here last night.
The police on foot charged the rioters
with drawn swords and finally mounted
police cleared the streets. )
* The police charged the rioters several
times and used their sabers ruthlessly.
The strikers and their sympathizers
stoned the police, injuring some of them
badly. The' strikers aver that several
hundred persons were wounded. Numer
ous arrests have been made and the po
lice now occupy the omnibus terminals in
force. . v
Thirty Men Treated for
Saber Cuts at Red .
"- Cross Sta.tjon."
The mackerel fishing on the south and
southwept coasts of Ireland has been a
failure this year.
TAKES HIS LIFE WHILE
DESPONDENT FROM ILLNESS
John Bernard Dyer Ends His Ex
istence in a Montgomery-Street
Lodging-House.
Despondency, caused by illness. Induced
John Bernard Dyer to take his life yes
terday morning by shooting himself in
the mouth. The tragedy was enacted In
a lodging-house at 712 Montgomery street,
where the deceased roomed for some time.
Thomas Hunter, another roomer, heard
a noise fomlnp from the room occupied
by D>er at 3:30 a. m. and shortly after
1 o'clock Mrs. E. Lyons, the landlady,
upon go'ng to the room, found the dead
man seated upright In a chair with a
revolver clutched in his ritfht hand. A
gunshot wound in the mouth, from which
the blood was oozing, testified to the
cajse of death.
The dead man was a native of Ireland,
aced 53 years, and unmarried. Detective
Bell was detailed on the case and made
an investigation. The body was rot re
mcved to the Morgv.3.
PIOKXEB F4IXS HEIR
TO FOBTtTNE IK ENGLAND
Captain W. A. Hutchiusoa of Vallejo
deceives Infbraia'tibn.TIiat He
Has B?en Left Millions.
V VLLEJO. Out: 2.-Gool fortun ¦ has
jusi coaeto Captain H\ A. Hutchinson. a
Mexican, war veteran and Califemla pio
neer, who has 'ong been a resident of
Aalloo-. S<vme time ago he was Informed
rr his daughter, Mrs. Reed, who. is the
Tvife of a sea.farin K man and resides In
Maine, that he ha<1 5alien heir to a hand-
F.orn* English estate. Captain Hirtchln-
For had t^e matter Investigated and ha«
rr-~«ve(i Jnformntion that r.n EngHsh rela
t.ve J: id .left him S2.5OS.000
An old- .'W.orcrcter dinner set was sold
:n Lari-Spti the_ other rfay for 3SS guineas.
The correspondent of the Neue Freie
Presse Rars that it was decided at the
conference to amplify the Macedonian re
form scheme.. The two powers still en
tertain the belief that Turkey will carry
out the scheme, which will re.sult in the
pacification of Macedonia.
• The Czar and Emperor Francis Joseph
will leave Neueburg Saturday afternoon
and travel together to Meldling. three
miles southwest of Vienna, whence the
Czar will continue his journey to Darm
stadt.
The two Emperors held an important
conference at Muerzsteg to-day. Count
Goluchowski. Count Lamsdorff and the
Austrian Embassador at St. Petersburg
being present.
VIENNA. Oct. 2.— A .dispatch from I
Muerzsteg, Styria, says the precautionary '
measures for the safety of the Czar were
largely extended to-day. The special rea- j
s*n for this has not transpired, but fresh |
detachments of gendarmes have been or-*,
dered to the hunting district, where all j
movements of unauthorized persons are :
prohibited during the times the Czar and i
Emperor Francis Joseph are hunting. I i
Special additional precautions have |
been taken to guard the spot occupied by ;
the Czar during the Czar's drives. i
Precautionary Measures
Taken for Safety of
Nicholas. ,
POLICE CHARGE
BERLIN RIOTERS
BERLIN. Oct. 2.— Frau Gadskl re
fused to sing at the Wagner ban
quet last night because It was
given in the winter garden music
'• , . hall, which contains the largest
I accommodation in Berlin. She said she
! had never sung in a music hall and w'ould
never do eo, but she attended the ban
quet. Her name was on the programme.
Edgar Stillm.in Kelley, who was to have
'represented the United States, has with
drawn from the international concert, to
be given Sunday night, because the or-
I chestra has been unablf to learn the
| Chinese airs from hla opera "Aladdin,"
and Is likely to break tlown. Sir Alex
ander the representative of
j Great Britain, and the Norwegian, Greig,
i have also withdrawn for various reasons.
GENDARMES SENT
TO GUARD CZAR
District Court Notes.
The Globe Navigation Company. Limited.
United States District Judga de Haven
issued a citation for Captain William
Johnson to appear in c^urt at 10 a. xn. to
day an1 show cause why he should net
be punished for contempt for being a de-
filed a libel yesterday in^ the United
States District Court against the Henry
Cowell Lime and Cement Company to re
cover $750 freight on 15,000 barre's of lime
from Roche Harbor, to c San Francisco In
the steamship Tampico.
faulting witness. : ,, . • .
"WASHINGTON", Oct. 2— President and Mrs.
Roosevelt. Mtas AUce Roosevelt arC fie
Rocse-*:: children occupied a box at thi» Co
lumbia Theater to-night at the perform 'nee it:
George Adt's play. "Tb-? .-'ultan of Su'ri.".
sertion, and Mary F. Smith from Walter
Smith for neglect. ' •d
KANSAS CITT, Mo., Oct. 2 —Samuel
Parks, the New York walking delegate,
won a personal victory over President
Frank Buchanan In the forenoon session
to-day of the International-Association of
Bridge and Structural Iron Workers. It
developed when an amendment to the con
stitution drawn by J. Dugan of Chicago,
a Buchanan adherent, to the effect that
no man holding political ofUce be eligible
to representation at any contention or
to hold an executive office therein, cam 2
up for vote. It was directed at Richard
J. Butler, a member of local No. 2, and
an Assemblyman from. New York City.
President Buchanan left the chair and
spoke for the amendment.
James O'Brien of Pueblo, Clarence
Smart of Chicago and John T. Lee of
Detroit also spoke for the amendment.
Thomas MoGovern of Albany spoke earn
estly against the amendment and then
Sacnuel Parks took the floor to fight it.
Parks aroused the convention U< the high
est pitch of excitement. H$ declared that
the amendment was aJmnd at him, for
It sought to 6u3t his protege. Assembly
man Eutler. It was nothing but another
rlsht by President Buchanan and his
crowd against Union No. 2. Parks then
paid a glowing tribute to Delegate Butler,
asserting that he ha/1 done groat things
for union labor In New York by securing
the passage by the Legislature- of that
State of measures favorable to the or
ganized workingman.
After Parks had taken his rftat It was
rome minutes before President Buchanan
restored order and called for tht vote,
so intense was the demonstration for tha
New Yorker that followed. When the
amendment was declared defeated by a
vote of 15 to 32 Parks was congratulated.
One-third of the delegates did not vote.
This morning the Buchanan men still
claimed 45 votes for Buchanan, while the
Parks element asserted positively that
they had 43 votes pledged for Donnelly.
Forty-two votes are necessary to elect.
Aside from president the only other con
test Is for secretary-treasurer. The Bu
chanan element will .try to elect J. L.
Milton of Pittsburg to succeed J. W.
Johnston of local No. 2 of Nr-w York,
the incumbent, while local No. 1 of Chi
cago will present P. J. Dalton of that
city.
At the afternoooi session a committee
was appointed to draw up a working
agreement between the shop, or inside
num. and the outside men. <
President Buchanan brought up the
question of organization in the South by
suggesting that he believed that some
thing should b<? done in this se-:tion. He
said he believed the time had come to
take some kind of action and he asked :
for expressions on the subject from the
delegates. A long discussion followed, i
Every delegate who spoke was opposed j
to taking ud the matter at this conven- j
tion. arguing against recognition, and the '.
subject was dropped without action being
take.i on it. . j
T!** election was again put off another
day.
in Canada failures- for the wo.-k num
i>fr lo. a» agnlnst IS last week and 14 in
this week c ycer a^o.
• VfcMt <inclu<::ng dour) eipcx ts for the
we*k-^Tiding October i' agiir^gat*: 4,oS2,CSl
b^:hcJs;. against 6.S70.57S this vi ?ek Ir-si
yt*r, 6.1S3.T43 In l'.^r and 4,450,167 in 19T/).
BuFir.esK failure* in th-j United States
for the wet* *nd.r.; October 1 number
1K,, cgainst :S£ last week and 1C4 t.i tne
correEj ondin? T« r K oC UEZ.
j Ii la practically certain that a reduction
of trie pig iron output will be made, av
eraging abovt 20 per ccat, and this con
certed Action to prevent accumulation of
¦stocks has already , had .a_ detrimental ef
fect on tlie .market, inquiries increasing
in number and 'extent of tonnage.
Buvlng of wool* ..is limited to immediate
Tieeds. .Record ,breaktng receipts of cat
tle, naturally deprers hides, although for
e'gn dry hides are steady. '
¦ Failure* this week SB *he United States
tiuiaber 166, against 232- last . week, 219 in
tn« preceding •• week and 207 the corre
sponding vreek last yep r,an<i In Canada
ZJ, &£ iirist 19 last week, 19 the preceding
veek end 23 las c year.
Bystreet" s Weekly Review of Trade
f=-in.-rro*' . will isay : .
Mixed trade alid rro»> conditions still
present : themselves, although some lm
j>ro\eniei!V in tone ls.noteU where crop
estimates, as" in" ttea case c* corn, show
txpanslon. Lower priced for cersals point
the 'way. oZ fut'".re".arg-e business and In
dicate a . larger fore-'gr. 'nterest 'n our
fam. produV£s. .'Trade reports vary with
Fcctions considered, the best reports com
ing from :th.e Southwest, th- Northwest
jbnd.'he Pacific Coasu Spotted trade re
r*vrt3 ' co:«ae */*rorn Sfction* 'of the Middle
¦West. - From the South the reports are
In' v"ne main' tavoratle as to trade and
«.-,or.ertiorisV but crop deterioration is
vidriFpread. except r-dth tVe low°r Mis
siftiijppi Valloy. Fal'tog priefs fcr cotton.
thoup,h ] a • h.ope'ul sign. for. ou' export
tr£2e and/donjehtic manufactures, do not
fxrite . "lively wctisfactipn among "
d-cers.; Among the great Industries, Iron
esd steel ¦ show., the affect of ihrt-atenee:
ovei3).roductipn in p: oposals for a 20 p-r
_c"snt reduction ot NortLern furnaces" out-
I ji rurnor? of !1>3 action by Southern
prortucera- arid quiet demand for finished
i-rrxiucts. L,i:nib*-r ib shewing a season
able tjuiigting down and- some weakness
ir. .-wviUe; pine is noted at the' AVcst,
though aside frorr Ie.-u3ing iScstern cen
r?rs, '.ihc bW.ldlzm trades a'-e still rctl- e.
A reaXy. favorable feature this week is
the improvement of collections West ami
¦>' 'or'thwest. rbe re:>r».iori of the be-ginnl.ig
of ttiemwemert of delayed crops to mar
ket.. ' • . •
Aside from the. reduction In blast fur
nace activity manufacturing plants are
more fully 'engaged and several encourag
*z.g reports are reclved. particularly that
as to I jotweax. • Wholesale and 'jobbing
trade is vrtil maintained, many cities re
porting it larger volume than last year
and butfxieES at Chicago Is stimulated by
the multjtad? attending the oentennial.
Late trad© retarra of foreign commerce
at this port are favorable, exports In
creasing while lmpcxts decreased as com
pared with the sazne weok lost year. Rail
vray : earnings -Inns far available fe>r Sep
tember exceed those of 1902 8.4 per cent
and surpass earrings In isoi by 19.3 per
cent.
N1AV TOBK, Oct. 2. — R. G. Dun & Co.'a
T«Uy Bertaw of Trade to-morrow vrill
sajr: .' *¦/ ... '
Elizabeth Richards, in an answer to a
cross-complaint in divorce filed by Alex
ander O. Richards, nephew of the late
widow of the philanthropist, . Dr. Henry
Cogswell, denies that she ever met her
husband through the medium of an ad
vertisement or that she ever deceived him
into the belief that she was wealthy. She
denies generally every charge Richards
makes and denies specifically his three
charges of infidelity.
. Divorces were granted to Martha Leo
from Harry T. Leo for neglect, John Pet
terson from Pauline Petterson for cruelty,
Moses Frank from Sophie Frank for de-
Judge S'.oss modified the decree of di
vorce he granted some months ago to
Amelia Grannls from James G. Grannls.
The two children, awarded at that tlms
to the custody of Grannis will, until fur
ther order of the court, remain in the
custody of their mother and the father
shall pay 120 a month for their support.
E. Cross against Fr'ank K. Cross for
neglect, Frederick E. McDonnell against
Sarah McDonnell for desertion and Ava
rilla Green against Edward Green for,
neglect. »
Anna Astredo, v>ho was -married to An
thony Astredo at Biggs. Butto County,
in September, 1887, is suing-,, him for di
vorce on the^ ground of neglect. She
charges that lor more than a year she
has had to depend upon her own exer
tions for means to provide for herself and
young son. She asks for J50/a month ali
mony out of the $150 she says Astredo
earns: Desertion is charged in the suit
filed by M. A. Gallick against Nicholas
£1. Gallick.
Judge Graham partly heard the suit for
the annulment of the marriage of Jennie
Rossini to Fred Cuppers, which took place
last October. The suit is brought by
Frank Rossini, who was married to the
woman several years ago and who now
claims that the Cuppers marriage is il
legal because at the time it was per
formed the woman in the case was of
unsound mind. «,
/ Mrs. Seiser says she was married some
' time before the spirits interfered in her
| domestic affairs. She says her husband
: attended a mt'etlng of Spiritualists one
evening and received what purported to
| bo a messasre from the other land. The
j message was to the effect that the wife
; of his bosom 'was receiving the attentions
! of other men. Ho came home, she says,
and accused her of bestowing her affec
tions on others than himself and Informed
' her that her denial of the charge would
j avail her little, because he had been told
[ of her misdeeds by the spirits. .
She says she indignantly denied tHe
truth of the spirit's statement, but her
i denial was treated with contempt by
| Seiser and he thereupon applied to her
sundry epithets, distinctly earthly. She
says the charge so affected her that she
fe.t that to continue longer to live with
I Selser would cause her to become a ner-
: ,vous wreck and therefore she left him
¦ and joined her father at Tulare.
In a complaint for divorce filed by Clara
At. Shendan against Matthew P. Sheridan
she charges him with cruelty and makes
the allegation that be once tore a pair of
earrings from her ears, thereby causing
?her great physical agony, as well as in
tense mental suffering. She also
that he has a habit of throwing food and
-dishes at her. She left him twice, she
says, because of^his cruelty, but returned
to him for the sake of their two children
and en the strength of his promise to
treat her decently. • .
Agnes Bokariza wants a divorce £rom
Peter Bokariza because of his alleged
cruelty. Shccharges that fros.i May 15,
1902. to August 21 of this year her life
has been made miserable by his bratal
lty. She says he struck and cursed her
several times during that period. -They
were married in August, 1901. . ..-
Suits for divorce were also filed by JCate
Spirits, the etliereal kind, according? to
Alice K. Se!ser, are the cause of her dif
ficulties with her husband. A. B. Selser.
to whom she was married at Fresno in
July, 1901. In a complaint for divorce
filed by her yesterday she says that her
husband is a Spiritualist and therefore a
firm bellevpr in all that purports to come
from, the mysterious places occupied by
the shades of the departed.
Bridge and Structural Iron
Workers Will Elect. Offl
. cers To-Day.
Exports at New York Are
IccreaBing While Imports
Docre^se.
Says He Accused Her of In
fidelity on Strength
of a Message.
Walking Delegate Wins
in Another Contest in
Convention.
Wholesale and Jobbing
IVado 13 Well Main
tained.
His Wife Seeks Divorce
Because He Believes
in Them.
PARKS TRIUMPHS
OVER BUCHANAN
SPIRITS WRECK
HOME OF SEISER
MANUFACTURERS
GROWING BUSIER
THE SAN FRAKCJSCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 3. 1903.
Great Prima Donna Declines to Take Part in Wagner Ban
quet Because It Was Given in Winter Garden, Which
Contains the Largest Accommodation Available in. Berlin
GADSKI REFUSES TO SING
IN A GERMAN MUSIC HALL
5
J FBAQEBS
I Double Stamps To^Day
I *% Green Trading Stamps |
I & ...Instead 6i... A : ' y
I On All the Great. Bargain Specials I
1 Women's Suits, Coats, Waists, 1
1 One-Half Price |
| Surplus Stock of Eastern Manufacturer Secured at, 1}
| an Immense Saving u
| SUITS ~~" " 7 : COATS [I
Ii *C7 QC About 50 suits, made CO Off We have about 75 §
m V'^J of this_ season's V 0 '*'^ coats at this pric-; I
1 choicest mixtures; also plain ma- they are swell for the price; 1
terials; a variety of styles. made of kersey cloth, 27 inches K
These suits are worth $15.00. long, strictly all wool, and come I
$9.95 H ¦ W &\- ° ! wm^£ tan and "T
yv.vv choice fancy suitings .' __ ... , , J
and plain cheviots, in many $4 95 A1I - W ° O1 kersey coats, \A
i pretty styles; among them are V"»ry*f 27 inches long, ixew.'S
i long coat effects, made of man- f vle - trimmed with- large pearl §
nish cloths, in both walking and buttons; French. s ecves; only 25 t
dress lengths. Regular $20.00 l n thc Iot - Scl1 aIwa y s at : I
value. ; : . .; 1
Great, Pants Special Shoes at, One-Hdf |
I s*.m mm r* j • j *fH IO Misses' k i . *1 lace . I
$1.45 ? OOd c f? imcre an^ shoes, medium soles I
fancy stripe worsted an d spring heels. Sizes n / a to I
pants sewed with heavy linen 2; width A to D . Regular $2.25 1
thread and warranted not to rip. v,!,,,. »
Worth $2.co. ~. t -.- ... , , . . . ; : . • -¦
..___„ Jf . •- • ¦ ¦ Ql 9^ Women's kid lace Ii
%\ 95 Reddin & cassimeres shocs> med ium soles; I
I v and fancy worsteds; spring heels; sizes 2% to 6. tk
exjra heavy weight, finely tail- Widths A to E. Sell regv!*r!y 1
ored and perfect fitting trousers. a t $2.50. 1
COQC Extra values in pure <M \f\ Boys' heavy satin ca!f j
V^**'^ .worsted . and fancy V»» IU lace shoes wkh heavy I
Scotch mixed pants, tailored in extension soles. Sizes 8 to 13. I
best style and finished with best $1.25 — Sizes 13}^ to 3. $1.50— M
linings 2nd .trimmings. All silk Sizes 2j4 to 6. This is a shoe H
sewed. Regular $4.00 pants. that fits and wrars welL '.'-". B
Market ST.-*«i* g
•___,_; ADVESTISEMEHTP.
Of the CONDITION AND AFFAIRS of the
NATlONALfIRE SPRIIMCFBfLD
INSURANCE COMPANY FIRF AND MAPJNF
fo F HARTFORD. iN THE STATE OF * ::***V . «ll" lflAIVlIlLrf .. -^
*-^ Connecticut, on tho 31st day of DecetnDer, . '•• ¦ . ¦¦ : . :" : ¦"
A. D. 1902. and for the year endins on that INSURANCE COMPANY V-*.
day. as made to the . Insurance Commissioner ;¦ .. „ .. . ¦ :'¦'.:• .:', '.".-
of the State of California, pursuant to the pro- p SPRINGFIELD. N THE STATE OP
visions of sections 610 and 6ll of th» Polttica! U MM g achus,tts7on the^31st day of bece^-
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the bar. A. D. 1902. and fcr the year ending .on
Commissioner: : • tnat day. as made -to th» Insurance Commii-
CAPITAI^. ' / sloner of the State of California. pur»oant t-v
- rzrr I the provisions of Sections CIO ind 611 of'-tho*
Amount of Capital Stocx. paid up. Political Op<J, condensed aa per u'\nk Xur-
ln Cash .$1,000,000 CO nlsbed by the Commissioner. t ¦'.'¦.¦¦
3 ¦ ~ . ' ' ¦ ¦ • CAPITAL..' ¦ ¦-]
ASSETS. .'V.* ¦?/'¦¦ Amonz.t of Capital Stock, pal* up '¦"'¦.
Real Estate otraed by Company... $ 373. COO 78 in Cash . • .T$2.0OO.nOO 00-
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages... 1 530,4*53 00 . ;. : • -. ' ¦¦—
Cash Market Value of all Stocks ' ASSETS.. , ~~~~' - j
and bonds owned by Company.. 4.277.382 00 Real Estate owned by Compan, ..$ 227.300 00
Cash in Company's Office ..... 913 40 Loans on Bonds and Mortgages. . ; . 5-^3.630 0O
Cash in Banks >. 430.719 4D Cash. Market Value of all Stock*
Premiums in due Course of Co.lec- V- * °°
tlon ,.... M2.21S 04 pledge of Bond*. Stocks and
. ¦ • • ' '¦ — . other marketable securities as -¦ •/ •-'
Total Assets .$6,205,393 71 * •»««»»^ral .;...... . ... .......:. ... . . £1.375' C*
. ¦ .- , = Cash-in Company's Office 4.171 01
LIABILITIES. .,«„_,. Interest dae and accrued i« k.l .
Ix>sses.adjust-»d and unpaid.. '.$ 1 1.262 33 Stocks an* Loans. ......,,..,.. 3O.T31- 37
Losses In process of Adjustnient or • Interest due . and accrued oa '
in Suspense............ 276.27153 Bonds and Mortgages. :... 13.543 91
Losses resisted, including expenses 23.896 45 P^ I t^™ s - ln 4ue.cpurw» of Col- . — ¦
Gross premiums on Fir- Risks run- Rents due'and accrwdi '.'.'.'.'.' '."" m? '\
nlng one year or less. $2.S00.- . ** "
670 07: reinsurance 60 per cent. 1.400,833 4S Total Assets. $6,154,3M 8t
Gross Dremlums on Fire Risks run- . I
nlng more than one year, $3,134,- . LIABILITIES. ."^ : ~"
156 54; reinsurance pro rata 1.723.290 13 Losses adjusted and unpaid '. .. : 45,165 33
Reserve for contingencies 50.000 00 Losses in process of Adjustment
AH other liabilities 107.534 95 .„„..„ 2«J.S15 31
Total Uabimies $3,654.500 97 °S5n£?^T.arir less? t^g.'
— 663 40; reinsurance 5O per cent.. 1,092.831 70
INCOME. Gross premiums on Fire Risks • ¦ " .
Net cash actually received for Fire running more than one year. $2.- v.---*,
„'.„_, $4 276 265 04 074,552 63: reinsurance pro rata. 1.133.821 S3
premiums •••-. .^t.^.o.-w v» Commls8lona and Brokerage due
Received for interest on Bonds and and to become due ......7: 128,973 73
Mortgages 36,136 37
Received for Interest and dividends Total Liabilities. $2,642,321 34
on Bonds. Stock*. Loans and _-.'
from all other sources 160,222 72 INCOME.
Received for Rents 18.121 63 Net cash actually received, for -
Received for profit on sale or ma- Fire premiums .$2.910.3«0 63
turity of ledger assets. •• 80.187 43 "SS^ort^*!™? '. ™. . ***** 27.308 68
. . _.. .,, _, Received for Interest and dividends
Total Income $4. 549.93-23 on Bonds. Stocks. Loans . and
— — from all other tources.... 158 35!* 9O
EXPENDITURES. Received for Rents 6. iffi 57
Net amount »>ald for Flr« Losses '¦
(including $306.738 93. lossjs of Total Incom* $3.102 TO3 63
previous years) $2,143,647 03 TrTP^VOlTTTmrti * '
Dividends to Stockholders 120.000 00 Net amouat ,?/£ FhV^sse.
Paid or allowed for Commission or _ (including $3S6.274 82. losses of
Brokerage »»7iZ47 OS previous years). . : .$1,708,110 73
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other Dividends to Stockholders. ... 200,000 09
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 247.003 21 Paid or allowed for Commission
t>-i-i *„,• c;t n t- National and Local °r Brokerage 570.247 73
Paid for State. *.auonai ana paW foj> SalarJe . Fee9 an< , other
taxes - ••• 137.820 83 charges for officers, clerks, eto. 133.8P1 7»
All other payments and expendi- p^j tor state. National and Local
tures 344.24110 taxes 108.796 37
> All other payments and expendl-
Total Expenditures $3,789.97106 »««» ••<•••• • TT5,m 18
_, == '-otal Expenditures .$2,991,227 78
Fir*. •
Losses incurred during the year. .$2,154,399 83 • Fire. • ¦
¦ : 1 Losses Incurred during the year. .$1,669,103 03
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums. — ¦ — .
"'" ' Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of Risks . . " i~ — •
written during the Net amount of Risks • ¦ .
year $570,422,357 $5,365,471 88 written durlns the -I .
Net amount of Risks year ............... $344,128,336 ?4.147.133 S3
expired during the Net amount of Ri^ks I
year 480.368.688 4.573.957 23 expired •during the ) ¦
Net amount In force year 353.014.760', 3.727,234 43
Decembers 19O2.. 591.626.834 5.934,827 51 *«£%«¦£&£. 3T5.736.330! 1 4.26O.216
JAMES NICHOLS. President. AW DAMON Pr*«t. "*
B. R. STILLMAN. Secretary. ;.i -/¦-• w. J.' MACKAT. Secy.
¦ Bubtcribed and sworn to before me. this Subscribed and rworn to before me this 23d
12th day of January, 1903. f day of January. J9O3. PERCY S. GATES. . »
FRED B. SEYMOUR. Notary Public .. ¦ Notary Public
SAN FRANCISCOlciTY) AGENCY, SAN FRANCISCO (CITY) AGENCY,
209 SansomeSt.— LOUIS L JANES COMPANY, A6ENTS,
AHPEL & BRUCKdiAN, Agents. Hayward Building.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
3O6-31O -.-¦-..- - - HAYWARD BUILDING.
GEO. D. DORNIN, GEO. W. DORNIN,
# Manager. Assistant Manager.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
[economical
HOUSEKEEPERS
5 U S E
!; Cocoa and Chocolate
Because they yield THE
MOST and BEST FOR!
THE MONEY
1 1 ' TIMSI-NAMC j\
<! The Finest Cocoa in the World
|! Costs less than One Cent a Cup
{ Our Choice Rerlp« Book, tent free, irlU tell yon
( how to make Fudge ind a grrtt rulety ol dmiotjr'
I* diahei from our Cocoa »utl Chocolate.
;!; Walter Baker & Co. Ltd.
¦ <| Establishid 1780 ; C^ ¦
]»'• DORCHESTER, MASS.
V Art HIGHEST AWARDS IN
<, **U EUROPE AND AMERICA
Heart Disease
maybe cured by strengthening the
heart nerves, enriching the blood and
improving the circulation with Dr.
Miles'.Heart Cure. Safe and sure.
Bold on guarantee. Send postal for free book
oq diseases • f the heart aad/nerves today.
Db. Miles Medical Co.,/Elkbart. Ind.
|:^ovV. The .'(Sadden Girl. j
I: liave youseen 'fh.e G?.dden Girl? 5)o you know anything about her? {
'¦ Tf jou are a woman don't say that you never heard of her. for just at *
the present time ghe is" o.ne of the most original creators of fashions in \
Vne'a Sam's re^lm.* She \'< the originator of the 'iridescent pearl for hair , 1
¦ ornaments 2nd she wears them in quantity that is nothing short of amaz- j
ing. And what think- vou. of the musical jewels? That is another of the |
Gadden Girl's fads. ! Tevels set to dulcet -harmonies— a fad in itself suf- |
f ricit to rrake a belje of anv eirl even less remarkable than the Gadden |
Girl, Whijc as for color schemesin^dress^ — However, pictures tell more 1
than f-nrds ever caii. in the descriptfons of feminine raiment at anv rate. |
therefore the. front pas?e of the next Sunday Call will be more eloquent g
than reams on ream* of wt'itine to the women readers. If vou want to H
see novelty in coiffure, novelty iri jewelr>-; you won't miss the Gadden M
Nor will you -misj "The Woman of the VVorld," by Colonel Kate. I
. w hich' is an «rticV conceived and written by* this clever writer in this 1
clevr writer's vtrv best stvfe,. Moreover, it contains thincs that every |
woman and not a few men want to know. Of course you are still won- a
¦<d*n'ng whether Colonel Kate is a man or a woman? That is a tanta- 1
Iizing mystery that adds immeasurably Jo the charm of these exclusive i
articles. •'.''* |
:And while on the subiect of bright, snappy articles that vou will be ||
sure to read in the ne^t Sunday Call the "Me-ows of a Kittv" should not Q
be omitted. These soicv savines are being quoted" everywhere, and of kg
» corrse you've seen the cats. Everybody, by the way. is talking about §§
I those cats .and next Sunday's Call contains a perfect love of a kitty. M
I % . . But better than all else for those who want to read the literature that n
J . is most popular to-dav and which will go far toward making up the clas- ¦
j sic? of the future, there is no limit to the good things. ||
i. ' First there is a short story masterpiece by Jack London, the most H
i famous writer of the lure_of the Arctic in the whole world. It is "Where B
J; " the Traij Forks." and it is thrilling from the very first to the very last ra
j Next there is the fascinstinz two-page story by Frank H. Spearman. B
J. "The Kicht Watchman's Storv." » If you have read any of this exclusive B
1 seri-s of Spearman's railroad stories you certainly won't miss this. In H
I pofnt of fact when vou see the pictures that illustrate it you won't be able H
| to resist reading it anrwav. . . ||
j. .Then there are two full oaees of "Half-hour Storiettes." the latest If
1 crare in literature. In other words that means eight more of the best H
{J J.Vort stories that are beine written to-day. These alone would cost you n
h anywhere else more than the price cf the entire Sunday Call. 11
¦ And this does not include the third installment of the latest book bv H
If . the: farnoui author of "Chimmie Fadden/' It is "Lees and Leaven." Ks
j* which has brought E. W. Towns end to the fore as nothing before had H
[j And then thei^.are the "Recollections and Reflections" of the Bonanza f|
B : vinprs who put a girdle of iroid around the world, written bv Thomas M
Fitch. This series alone would cost you $1.50 anywhere eke.- f|
H : And then there .are— but why enumerate everything in the next Sun- H
H <!ay Call? If you want the very best that is going in the literary and t]
n magazine way you won't need more than the above. brief outline.. Alid H
11 yen won't miss the Gadden Girl in any event. 1 HA winter ?ate of penalties for jags, has- been fixed
by «the judicial authorities of.Alameda, and* bibulous
citizens have been duly warned that punishments,
bepinning^ih fines •ancl ending in»ar compulsory .course
in a gold^cure college, will be inflicted without fear or
favor. With, due respect to Afym-eda jurists', it must
be said^that any one caught submitting the gold cure
to a ratioval being should be made .to suffer' for
forcing an » unnatural and* unnecessary punis.hm'ent
upon a human creature.* - * -
Japan is sending troops into Korea, the war spirit
in the island kingdom is at fever heat and the wise
acres of the Old World news are shaking
their' heads and nodding ominously toward
The great crash of the Eastern giants is to come in
the minds of tlie correspondents.
ITALY, Austria and Russia continue an outpour
ing of their least desirable population as immi
grants to the United States. The prospect is
that the last fiscal year and the present one will add
to our population nearly a million people from those
three countries. The total immigration from all
sources, desirable and undesirable, is too large for the
good of the new comers or of those they find here.
There is a perceptible crowding out of occupation of
our native-born people. There are less than a mil
lion vacancies in our industries to be filled every year
by new hands,, and when we are importing a mil
lion from abroad every j'ear either native or immi
grant must go to the wall. There is evidence that it
is not the immigrant. He comes from the midst of
conditions so narrow and rigorous and such scanty
"opportunity that he is inured to hardship and can
live where a native will not try. /
. Unfortunately the immigration we are receiving is
the slowest to assimilate. Its motive in coming is
entirely material. It has no sentimental attachment
to pur institutions, and indeed does not know that
•they exist. The agents of steamship companies have
.told them that this is the land of promise, full of
corn and wine, flowing with milk and honey, and
such of their relatives and countrymen who have
preceded them confirm the story. It is therefore
not a patriotic but a parasitic immigration, and
should excite the profound solicitude of our states
men. ._/
Great as we are in resources, we cannot safely make
this the world's dumping ground. It is folly of the
most extreme sort to be putting millions of dollars
into irrigation by the Federal Government in the
arid States and Territories to relieve the distressing
INCREASING IMMIGRATION.
The Board of Health has added another marvel to
the" wonders - of its disagreeable career. After raising
the salaries of rts already overpaid employes by a pal
pable misappropriation 6f public funds it has volun
tarily reduced these salaries to their former standards
simply upon a. request of the Board of Supervisors.
If 'ever taxpayers should congratulate themselves
upon the receipt of conscience money now is the
time.-
PARIS, Oct. 2.— Mall.advice3 fromr .I»<to-
Chlna say that a strategic base j? to-:b»
created at Poet Dayot for ' thd ".French,
squadron in Chinese waters. .; • " .- /•*• •
Strategic. Base at Port 'JJayot.. :
Compromise "With Cable Company* ' )
BOGOTA; Sept. 23, via Buejja. Vantuira, ••
Oct. 2.— An arrangement : i of .th© .dl<ferr : .
ences between the cable, company i sfoi ¦
the Government Is nearly completed.', 'i
LORD LONSDALE is the latest authority to
bring reports of the evil conditions brought
about in Australia by socialistic labor laws.
He confirms what has been learned from other
sources of the bad effects upon the community gen
erally of the excessive experiments that have been
made in the direction of state socialism and the ill
considered legislation enforced by labor unions.
We have thus another important witness giving tes
timony that stands as a warning to the American
people to profit by the lessons of Australia and avoid
having to undergo themselves the disastrous expe-.
riences by which such lessons are taught.
It is well known that Australia has not been ad
vancing of recent years. Her industries are lan
guishing, enterprise is virtually at a standstill, immi
gration is diminishing, the population does not in
crease in anything like the degree that is to be ex
pected of a country so sparsely settled and with such
an abundance of resources. All students of the situa
tion agree that while the long drought of a few years
ago had much to do with the bad condition of affairs,
yet the main evil is that of legislation, which, so far
from encouraging enterprise and industry, tended to
discourage and prevent them.
It appears, however, that Australia has reached the
worst point of her socialistic experiments and that
there will be for some time to come a marked
reaction against the policy that has brought
the country to so bad a plight. One of the
signs of the coming change is the determination
of the Government to procure the construc
tion of the proposed gre.it railway system to
connect the northern with the southern coast
of the island by a syndicate of capitalists instead of
undertaking the work as an enterprise of the federa
tion itself. That is good proof that the people have
learned at last that state construction and ownership
of railroads is not a good thing. To that extent, at
least, they give evidence of having profited some
thing in wisdom by experience to make up for what
they have lost in money.
Another proof of the growth of the Tevolt
against socialism and labor legislation is reported to
have been given in the recent defeat of the Australian
Ministry on the conciliation and arbitration bill. It
is said the defeat of the measure is due wholly to a
determination on the part of the conservative ele
ments of all classes and all parties to rid themselves
and the country of the domination of the radical
leaders. The bill is one of a series designed, as a
labor leader is reported to have said, "to build a
Chinese wall of solid legislation around Australia so
as to keep this country as far as may be for the ex
clusive use and benefit of the wage-earning class."
I The passage of tha measure was strongly desired by
theiabor leaders/and the defeat of it is looked upon
as the most striking evidence yet given of the
strength of the party that has now risen to redeem
Australia from their control.
business houses and . public "men' by- - tb«
Piftss Clipping Bureau (Allen"&* v '2S» Cali
fornia atrpef. Telephone Main 1042L;.* »,-
Special Information., supplied . daily :to
, AUSTRALIAN SOCIALISM.
Townsend'a Calif ornta, .giae'e fruits and
candies, 50c a pound; fn artlgtrc flf-e
etched boxes. A nice present /lor pastern
friends. 7*5 Market St., ab»ve:t>!l >icJ-j*' •
The Oakland man who wanted to prove his sanity
the other day by playing a game of draw poker with
the Judge before whom he was summoned succeeded
splendidly in clouding the issue. His proposal
stampa. him as a sure-thing man, offensively sane, or
a simple-minded person who needs attention.
TORONTO. Ont.; Oct. $.— In/fog •e<ffa T
diti.on case of Leopold J. "SrteriV.oX-.ESaJrt
more, wanted frt- •Washjnjjton, hi connec
tion with tl»e. postal frauds.-.'JuStice-Win
chester, to-day dii«c tect % hat* atero«tx> de
livered over t» the. United" States author
ities for trial on the charge tel<i-.ln tha lo
formatlon. ' '••!', * " :.'. : "..*,¦.*:.;,
Court Surrenders $ter;ri.
tral and Northern California towns with the accom
inodations now ofTered?" Not lang enough to famil
iarize trtemselv*es.'wjth -the .front offices.".
"Com'munities that^ have rrot. the proper hotel fa
cilities will think this matter over, and from the con
sideration fnay- determine to .supply themselves with
necessary CactHties. San 'Francisco is- leading the
way. There are now in construction in this city in
addition to the excellent array'of hotels for- which the
city has been favorably known for' years two large
and' elegant structures the aggregate cost of which
with equipment will -represent millions of dollars.
The advantages of good hotel's are obvious. As Mr.
Storke axiomafically says, "'Provide .good. hotel ac
commodations for the stranger and he" will go to any
place" . • .• .
Mr. Storkc Hcchres: •"Had'.Santa Barbara "bonded
the Potter Hov?J "and .then pjAced'its management in
the hands of. a capable man without' rece-iring- one
dollar of revenue from the business^-office the im
mense amount .of goo'd* dpne the city ihdirectly
would ,ha\»; bf en suffkrent ia Warrant the invest
ment.*-* " ' •;-¦';." \ -. . -.
"How long.*' asks !^rr. StoYke,. "would th'e multi
millionaires of "the EasC. rema-ih" in some of the. Cen-
"All this*** ur,iof'.bteiily\{rHe; "^ T br- will, it beques-'
tioned that there is. force -in .Hie. statement -that there-'
are numerous y.eaft'jiy" Eastern persons ivhq- "are riot
going .cut of their wai'to ritrd n*\v. homes -or. invest-'
ments. but U they find any : pjj*ce thai pleases them"
the;; kre vfry liable to locate. th.ere."' . • .
, h'otrls in many: northern towns and cities. / What is-
essential Tis to learn from his observation what
ijboti hocds'.-acptirnpHsh for the corrirftuni.ti.es th'at-are'
•advaii.taReH bv'tlieir presence. ..-He confines 4ms' rd
.marks.on.this".point to what has been- done for Santa
Barbara.'-' pijrht months ago" Sanfa Barbara's -hitest
hotel .wasIopeiK'd. In three months there "were regi5
.tered ."in. that 'hostelry' from .560- to 8j;a. gi>ests. ; ;This
Busii-ie^s •••^•as". not ?t the cxp:er>se'.' df rhe older Ttotels
asd .bo"a:;dinK houses of the bcanfiriji -city-'fcy the' sea,
f.or -the "otliers were also j\ ell ifilled' . "They repre
• »er:ted ;-.*jusV that many additional per-sbris-' visiting,
this.'city-.acd' it rnc;yit-that -h'undVeds of 'thousands of
dollars -wwe' bt-iuR. Spent 'here that ." perhaps would
have gone t*o other .places .fciritrlarJy situated.'-." -. . "
. ;.Mr. Storke observes that it:" is : "true" that- "mariy- of
these persons wcidd have cbiue. here .during, the. sea
son, if the" new hotel', had Kbt.be.eh "bililt, ' yet the
• greater number, would not have made- such long stays,
but v ould" have msbed 00 tcTothfcr glaces.""* '• .
'"What Good Hotels Would Do f?r Korthern CaTi
tornia,'' \vhic.h igir£=»a sufficiently new presentation Of
a somewhat.. hackneyed theme to make certain that
it . will . be . v\ id'eK; .viiscussed. Mr. : Storke says that
there is hat "xkic t t o.vvn in Southern California that
Ijjts iior a gjnod hotel. "It needs," so lie writes, "'bwt
a. visit -to i almost ahy'of ihe smaller and some -of the
larger, cities ot -N'orthera California to convince' a
traveler, of the need of better hotels in that patt of
the. State.,"'. •' -y • ¦ • ' .- • ' " •
' There is;";scrrie *iru*.h in this indictment. There
lAnlLbe'ro.tlissenf to the averment that, ''.first impres
sions. a:e- la sting; *6nes. and us the hotel is '.the. first
institution -wit a* which the stranger- becomes .'im-i-:
tiiately acqu?. ; ntc^l it i? from the hotel that he. gains
his earliest .and..i7iost lasting .impression of a city.".
.It {s unnecessary to discuss with Mr. Starke the
r-r^ HOI;! AS-. M. . : STORKE, editor of the Santa
j . '.Barbara independent, has written on invita
• * tion i It- '• t'h*e» Sacramento Bee an article on
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2.— Californians in
New York: From San Francisco — C M.
Boyd, at the Holland: H. A. Clarke, at the
Hotel Victoria; T. Hopkins, C. T. Kohl,
at the Holland House: Mrs. M. J. McCabe,
Miss McCabe, R. L. McCabe, at the Hotel
Victoria; Miss McGrearly, M. Schweitzer
and wife, at the Netherland.
From Pafiadena— C. F. Holden and wife,
at the Herald Sauare.
From Los Angeles— C. E. Anthony, at
the Navarre.
Dr. A. B. Geho of Pittsburg is at the
Occidental.
Dr. R. N. Leonard of Baltimore Is at
the Occidental.
T. J. Savage, an attorney of San Rafael,
la at the California.
Mr. and Mrs. C. R. Splivalo of Belmont
are at the California. .
Dr. C. W. Haarman of Paterson, N. J.,
is registered at the Grand.
Dr. J. W. Robertson and wife of Liver
more are at the California.
Dr. J. T. Stewart and wife of Los An
geles are guests at the Palace.
William T. Ellis Jr., a merchant of
Marysville, and wife- are at the Grand.
The Earl and Countess of Lonsdale, who
have been at the Palace for several days,
will leave for the East to-day.
G. HcM. Ross, superintendent of the
pumping station on the Comstock, is
down from Virginia City and registered
at the Occidental.
Henry Bratnober, the well-known min
ing expert, left yesterday on a trip
through the mineral sections of Arizona
and New Mexico.
United States Senator Clark of Montana
arrived from the East last night and
registered at the Palace. He will remain
here several days as the guest of his son
and then proceed to Los Angsles.
R. H. Ingram, superintendent of the
Los Angeles division of the Southern Pa
cific, is in the city, having come north
with General Manager Agler, who has
just completed a tour of Inspection.
-Editor J. E. Defebausrh of the Ameri
can Lumberman of Chicago, F. H. Gil
man, business representative of the pa
per, and W. T. Christian, private secre
tary of the first named gentleman, who
have been inspecting the timber interests
of Northern California, returned to this
city yesterday and are at the Palace.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2.— The following
Callfornians have arrived at the hotels:
Raleigh— J.. R. Newberry and wife. Los
Angeles. Rlggs— Lewis T. Wright, San
Francisco.
Californians in Washington.
Pullman Company Responsible.
Justice of the Peace Long gave Judg
ment for $175 yesterday in favor of
Charles Johnson, who sued the Pullman
Palace Sleeping Car Company for the loss
of a suit case containing wearing apparel
while the plaintiff waa a passenger on
one of the company's cars. Johnson gave"
the case into the keeping of a porter on
the car and it was never returned to him.
Judge Long in his decision said the law
of "master and servant" should apply to
the case, the former being responsible for
the acts of the latter.
Would Manage Her Father's Affairs.
Alice A. Bennett, daughter of H. J. Col
vin, a pensioned fireman of the local de
partment, applied to the Superior Court
yesterday for the appointment of guar
dian over his person and estate. She
says that he is more than 71 years of age
and adicted to the use of liquors, and
therefore not capable of managing his
affairs.
HOTELS: AND THE. FUBLIO.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Changes Made in Postal Service asd ;
Orders .for Army and /'-..: '
• Navy.. '.•:¦.¦••./¦¦'¦.:.
WASHINGTCix. Oct. 2.— The Postoffice j
Deyartmenf to-day announced: \ * . .*'
" Postofflce established: Washington— : ¦¦
Montborne, Skaeit County (re-€3*kb- :
llshed), Frank 5. Neal. postmaster. '•<
Postofllce discontinued. October- 14: ;¦
Washington— Bajberton, Clark© Goumy,
mail to Vancouver. :/ : . . ¦ :.;
Postmaster commlssron^fl:' California — '
John Warner. Warnersville. Fourth-class
postmaster appointed: Oregon— Flora- E.,'
Larson. Juniper. Umatllla -County , vice).
F. A. Gordon, resigned. ¦ :' : :.
Navy orders — Rear .. Admiral/ • Lo-uN'
Kempff is detached from command o( the •
Pacific naval district, " San .Francisco;: to .
his home to await orders. .. . ' •'.' :• . ¦ :
Army orders— Captain William. F.Cxea-'
ry, paymaster, will go> from ' W.^sV. Point ¦
to Chicago, thence to San.Fra'nclsoo.' "•..- _ • _.'
OF INTEREST- TO PE0PI.E / V
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
bATURDAV. ~~.T. 1 ~7rr.~r6jCTOB£R 3/ W
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
Add^s7>rG^mnu.nVc«Tiont io JOHN HcNAUGHT^Marwgcr.
TELEFEONE..
Ask tor THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
¦•-..'.¦¦ Ycu With the Department You Wish.
TCBUCATWS OFFICE.. .SInrfc*t and Tblrd, «. F.
CDITOnuL ROOMS; .. ..217 to 221 Slerenion St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Cts.
;. ' .'¦'•.' Per JwonthV. Single Copies 5 Cents.
¦ Terms by Ma:i. IrK-!u<3i.n'g.ro5.taK«- (Cash With Order):
. DAILY CAIX «nc!ij'J>n|t Fundar). on* year..... fS.OO
¦^a:1-T CALL Uncludinir Sunday >. 6 n>onth» **y
lfllLT CALL-By 51h;.i«\ Month.. • 'l' c
•CUJS&AT CALi-, One Y«-ar,'.. '. •• -- »"
WEEKLY CALL. On* Veer.' ...... '. 1 - <>O
" - -f Dally... 8S.SO Ter T«ar Extra
FOREIGN TOST AGE. ;.;...J Payday.. ¦*•!•'? Pcr Year Extra
;¦ • .• •.I/Weekly* .'•LOO Per Year Extra.
..All po«tme*t#r« «re on«hor«ted to receive
':. . .'¦ •uljMcri jitiona.
- '. JG*»riple -ccpi** .wit! be fomrarilc? wfcrn requeated.
¦ »leU mfcscribem !?i crfief.tiiE change of nddr.^s should t>«
p*rtlculsj >o cive bcth NL\V .O.\D OLD AKDRCSS Jn order
tolnturt t prompt arid." correct compliance with their request.
'..' . :/ • . O4KL.AND , OFFICE.
HIS DriadiTiv. .-. .v. .. . . . .Telephone Slain 1O83
¦¦.:".- . ns:iiivi:ilfc:v office.
*14X Center Street. . ... . . l . .Telephone Xort* T7
C. GEORGE KHOGAESS, Jtarincer Forelpn Adver
... • : . .tt*Ina, Marquette" HuSldtnK. Chlcnjro.
*Lonc Instance T*lep!&Ce "Centra: 2019."),
' •' TTASHrNGTON' CO-RESPONDENT:
BOBTOS 1^ VllAKEf..'./. . . . . 14O« O Street, !». W.
; .- •' - •: .' .' KSjViTORK NEWS STAN1V5:
¦ Waldorf-Astoria.. -IJote'.-; A. prentano, II" Union Square;
Murray Mill ilot.eli Fsfth'-aycr.ue Hotel end Hoffman House.
CHICAGO "NEWS ST-ANTR:
fiherman House; I*. C NfVm Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Tre:<iont Ilouse; Auditorium Hotel; Palmer House. . /
¦-."*. ."¦' ' ; Kt-TT.. TC-5't.K '.hEPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEV D-. SMI.TII .,.-'.:.. .ZIO Tribane Ballding
'-..-' ".-.'.'..• KfCW: Y<=IUC CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARL1 OS. .;." . i .. .*£." Herald Square
|1RA\CII' OFFICES—- !}2^ Montgomery, corner cf Clay, open
.• ; until 8:30 cfctoji. .500 -Hayes.- op»n until 9:30 o'clock. <J33
PteAKste?; open uriil.i^SO- o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until ¦
.'.'. : p. 50 o:oioc*c J*Mv iC-issloh. open until 10 o'clock. 2261
' .' Werket. corner .S!xleenth< open until 9 o" clock. 1096'Va
.;'¦.¦ -jencla. oi*n until .9 -o'ejeck. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
e'eivk.. NEi -rornrt 1 ' .Church »nd Duncan ftreets, op^n
' ¦.-"•"CBtll 0 b'clck.-. NTV7 comfT Twenty second and Kentucky-,
cpen ur.tll >< o'clock* i."200 Flllmore, open until 9 o'clock.
AMERICANS have occasion to regret one ex
cellent feature in British administration. Un
der the system long in use by that Govern
ment diplomacy is a profession.- Men start at the
bottom as attaches or consuls and go up by pro
motion or merit to the highest place, which is Em
bassador. This secures in the service officers who
are acquainted with many countries, who speak
many languages and have the skill in diplomacy ac
quired by experience.
It is far different from our catch-as-catch-can sys
tem, which oilers no career either in our consular or
diplomatic service. We reward politicians by ap
pointment to last four years, when a new President
comes in and new men are appointed to a service of
which they know nothing and in which they have no
reason fo^ acquiring knowledge, since their service is
to be brief. But every hard and fast system some
times seems to block something that is desirable.
Senator Kearns of Utah has suggested that the
vacancy made by the untimely death of Sir Michael
Herbert, British Embassador to Washington, be
filled by the appointment of Sir Thomas Lipton. Of
course this cannot be done under the rules of the
game. But if it could be Sir Thomas would have all
England stepping to "Yankee Doodle" and all the
United States singing "God Save the King" within
six months.
If peace and good will among men and nations
is the object of diplomacy Lipton is the man to
establish that desirable state between the two coun
tries. He is such an embodiment of manliness and
good fellowship that everybody was sorry he failed
to take the cup away from us, and our pride in the
racing quality of our American yacht was kept in
the background to .spare the feelings of our manly
antagonist. Sir Thomas is that character dear to
the American heart, for he /s a good loser. Nothing
checks the effervescence of his spirits nor dulls his
appreciation of our good will. He is willing to come
over to defeat after defeat and we are so unwilling
to lose him and let him go back disappointed that
we would send the petition of 80,000,000 people to
the King to let him stay as Embassador if it would
do any good.
LIPTON, ' DIPLOMAT.
The California Commission to the St. Louis Expo
sition has issued an appeal to the producers of the
State for autumn products and exhibits of wine. In
these fields, where California excels pre-eminently,
the demand for a proper representation should be
met by an immediate response. There is little time
to lose and the prize at stake is one large enough
to call forth the best energies of all Californians.
The. Superior Court in this city has
omitted to use the proper forms in at
least seven \ Instances, as already ascer
tained. Consequently the following men
tioned seven men must either be re
naturalized or else remain aliens: Martin
Fogarty. 1119 Vallejo street; A. Utech. 11
Clay street; Ernest II. Blohm. 622 Halght
street; Anton Po-isard, 705 Sansome street;
Gustav Koppel. 100 Sunset avenue; Her
man Cohman. 641 Golden Gate avenue; E.
A. Sundlof, 855 Howard street.
There are probably other cases that will
come to light. The court overlooked the
fact that the new law of June 3, 1903, waa
in effect and continued to use obsolete
forms that were good enough before the
new legislation, the use of which now re
sults in failure to secure'a legal naturali
zation. Probably there are many persons
all over California who are in the same
unlucky fix as are the seven men who
are named in the foregoing. This is also
the fact In all parts of Oregon and In the
State of Washington, In fact in . every
State In the United States. The gravity
of the matter is enhanced by the fact
that property rights are affected.
Since Special Examiner Van Deusen ar
rived in San Francisco he has been busily
engaged In interviewing Judges and Jus
tices and in examining the naturalization
certificates that have been issued since
June 3, 1903. He has also sent a circular
letter to courts of naturalization in the
'interior of California requesting informa
tion. The special examiner is studying
up all the conditions attending naturali
zation at all times since the first naturali
zation law was passed in the year 1802.
He says that there are certain phases
that must be considered by Congress, but
he declines to say what these are, not
wishing that his report be anticipated by
the Department of Justice.
C. F. C. Van Deusen,' special examiner
for the Department of Justice, who is in
this city making an Investigation con
cerning the operation of the naturalization
laws, has made discoveries that will be
unpleasant to persons who suppose that
they are naturalized citizens of the United
States, but who will find upon reading The
Call this morning that they are mistaken.
Congress at its last session passed an
amendment to the existing naturalization
law, the purpose of which was to make it
harder for men cherishing anarchistic
sentiments and other objectionable persons
to come into the enjoyment of the elective
franchise In the United States. This was
approved June 3 last and made adherence
to certain form3 obligatory.
It provides, for Instance, that all courts
and tribunals and all Justices and officials
having Jurisdiction in naturalization pro
ceedings shall make careful investigation
and before "issuing the final order or cer
tificate of naturalization shall cause to be
entered for record an affidavit affirming
the truth of every material fact requisite
for naturalization. "And," so reads the
law, "all final orders of courts of naturali
zation hereafter made shall show specifi
cally that said affidavits were duly made
and recorded, and all orders of courts that
fail to show such facts shall be null and
void."
Mr. Cohn, in behalf of Great Britain,
opposed the application. He claimed that
the pleadings on both sides should be ex
changed simultaneously in accordance
with precedent.
After a discussion Minister Bowen In
behalf of Venezuela said he hoped there
would be as little delay as possible. He
added that MacVeagh was returning to
the United States shortly and that Judge
Penfleld of American counsel could not
remain long and he did not desire to be
left alone to defend the cases of both
Venezuela and the United States.
The court will render a decision on this
point to-morrow, after which MacVeagh
will commence his argument.
Subsequently M. Cluenet. in behalf of
Belgium. Spain. France. The Nether
lands and Sweden and Norway, which
states M. Muravieff. the presiding officer,
had described as defendants distinguished
from Great Britain, Germany and Italy,
the blockading powers, asked that the
arguments of the three allied powers be
promptly delivered to him so that the de
fending powers might be prepared to re
piy.
The German representative. Herf
Buenz, complained that the decision vio
lated the protocol and that he would have
to ask his Government for instructions,
but In the meantime he would participate
In the proceedings without prejudice to
German rights.
Wayne MacVeagh. senior counsel for
the; United States, protesting against the
decision of their tribunal, which he de
clared was based on the erroneous suppo
sition that Venezuela accepted the reser
vation of France regarding article 4, un
der which English alone was to be used
in the procedure, except for the argu
ments of counsel.
Arbitrator de Martens, professor of in
ternational law at the University of St.
Petersburg, said that without official doc
uments the tribunal would be unable to
judge of the justice of Mr. MacVeagh's
remarks.
THE HAGUE. Oct. 2.— The Venezuelan
arbitration tribunal has decided that min
utes of decisions and awards in the ques
tion of the preferential claims of the al
lied powers shall be drawn up both in
English and French and that written or
printed memoranda shall be presented in
English and may be accompanied by a
translation in the language of the country
submitting them, and that the discussions
shall be in English or French.
Dickinson proceeded to take up Attor
ney General Finlay's points, dealing lucid
ly with the broad phase of the dlsputs
and enlivening the proceedings with an
occasional story. He was still speaking
when the commission adjourned until
October 5. Dickinson does not expect to
conclude until the evening of October 8.
Carson also maintained that the princi
ple of acquiescence waa not applicable to
the present dispute, and . somewhat sur
prised the audience -by 'declaring that un
der the powers of the treaty of 1903 the
Commissioners had no authority to define,
questions submitted to them; and that
they could neither, lay down the boun
dary nor decide what, constituted the
coast. All the Commissioners could do
was to answer questions submitted " to
them In the treaty, either negatively or
affirmatively. If they cave certain an
swers they might make matters, more
confused than ever and open up a new
series of diplomatic tngles. • •
The Solicitor General concluded with an
eloquent reference to Great Britain's un
willingness to give up any of her subjects
into the control of other nations, lie de
clared he thought the public mind- might
think the commission was slow and that
counsel were wasting time, but no" ..time
and no money would ever be wasted If the
long-standing dispute between the two
great and friendly powers could bo
solved by the tribunal. -. .
When Jacob M. Dickinson of counsel
for the United States rose to conclude, the
nrguments the room was fllUnff up with
spectators. He began by .belittling. ¦ the
minute examinations of maps and the.
bickering over words and details, declar
ing that the case could only be settled by
grasping the central Idea animating the
original negotiators.
LONDON, Oct. 2.-Sir Edward Carbon,
the Solicitor General, consumed th*
morning session, of the Alaskan Boundary.
Commission to-day In endeavoring tor re r
fute the arguments of David T. Watson
and Harnls Taylor of counsel for*; the.
United States. esppcially protesting
against Taylor's contention tiiat the terra
"trend of the coast" could only apply to
the political coast line, and not to the
physical coast line. ¦
.Glasgow -is the' foremost of such cities. Mr.. John
Paul of-.lhat city, 'a distinguished: publicist and editor
of "Larid Values," says: ".I have been interested at
tirhfs in the .visits of American single-taxers here,
\\4s6 profess admiration for. Glasgow's control of
the?,e monopolies,. and'as I look. at your prints advo
cating, a. similar policy for the towns of the United
States J wonder, -in view of our experience here, if
the "game: is worth .the -candle.- The private corpora
tions, it- is asserted, owning and .controlling your
municipal services., control and dominate your local
legislatures. They bribe Councilors to .vote in their
interest -.and further pollute, public life by promoting
the candidature. of their own creatures. But look at
the 'situation" from our point of view. We have 15,
090. mea' ia the employ of the Glasgow City Council
ahd ev<ffy further piece of municipal expansion adds
to 'the. number. JJany cf these' workers are organ
ized and exercise-more and more political influence in
Jhe'return of. their own creatures to the Council. The
men theysuppdrt arenot the ones who' will look after
the interests of the city, but those who will promise
most. to, the" employes of the: Council. The best in
terest .©f the city' is a secondary consideration.. In
fact" these worker's can-not sec the city's interest ex
cept through their own, wjiile the more vigilant of
them' work for the return of candidates who will as
sist them or their friends into corporation jobs. A
labor candidate' openly boasted on the hustings of
the number of men he had got into corporation jobs."
What this -means requires no explanation! • Yet
Glasgow was supposed to be under Edenic condi
tions, politically and economical]}'. Let us give pub
lic -ownership, if we are to .enter upon it, a fair trial
by compelling it to observe business principles, and
the first of these is make the Geary-street road carry
ifs own bonds.
whole city the deficiency will be charged off to the
taxpayers without their knowledge, and the road may
report a surplus when there is an actual deficit.-
This, as we have shown, actually happened to the
Government railroads of Australia, where one year a
surplus of $i6b,ooo was reported, when experting the
books proved there was a deficiency of $940,000 that
had been charged off to public account. Now if the
advocates' of bonding the whole city for this benefit
far a small part -of the city are so sure that public
ownership and operation of that road is to be such a
success, why are. they afraid of bonding the road
alone and so making it possible, in the only available
way, to. prove such success? Why,- from their stand
point, do -they; wish' to so~ intermix the running of the
read with the- general fund as to make' a demonstra
tion of failure; of success difficult? The Examiner
prints the statistics of European cities that own and
operate • street- railways. These' statistics stop with
the. number of such cities, and- the mileage of the
ro'ntfs. •'•'.". • • . •' • :
it specifically forbid it. The fact is that the constitu
tion Gf the State .does not contemplate the engage
ment of municipalities in business enterprises. The
public bonds which municipalities may issue were, in
the intendment of the constitution, bonds to raise
money for such purposes of municipal government
as were essential to government only.
Perhaps the advocates of taxing the whole city for
the benefit of a small part of the city have raised
an issue upon which the courts will decide that the
Geary street bonds, made a lien on the whole city,
are invalid The argument, made by the advocates
of confiscaiory taxation, is projected to establish a
parity between the taxpayers and the stockholders of
a privat* corporation, who are made by law respon
sible for deficits caused in the business of the corpor
ation. This parity exists, and its existence is one
part of our argument 1 for making the bands a lien on
the plant only. If that is done a deficit will be ex
posed at once. The taxpayers, the stockholders,
will be made aware of it. and it must be met by them,
either by raising the fares on the line, the issue of de
ficiency bonds, or, if such course be legal, by putting
in 4he tax levy the item, "To meet deficiency in the
operation of the Geary-street railroad."
If, however, the bonds are made a lien on the
THE advocates of bonding- the whole city and
burdening all • the taxpayers .to build the
Geary-street road for the benefit of part of the
taxpayers, who do-'not need .that -benefit, have at last
made answer Co the popular demand that the bonds
shall be a lien on the road alone a-nd not on the city.
It is -significant, that they dtj not answer it as a busi
ness preposition, but by declaring that the constitu
tion does, not specifically permit the bonds to be a
lien on the road. To that we may rejoin that if the
constitution does not specifically permit, neith'er does
MANY PERSONS
MAY LOSE THEIR
CITIZENSHIP
ARBITRATION
COURT TANGLED
OVER LANGUAGE
and pitiful congestion of population in our great
cities while at* the same time we are receiving a
million of ignorant and low standard foreigners for
every half-million we are making, homes for in the
desert. It. is extremely unwise, and, as a country
ma}' choose what and how many aliens it will re
ceive, it is time we made choice. There is no ques
tion but what our native population is being crowded
out of every line of occupation and its independence
is endangered. The gate swings inwardly too easily.
Let it be bolted for awhile.
CARSON'S VIEWS
OF ALASKA CASE
CAUSE SURPRISE
THE GEARY-STREET ROAD.
THE SAN FBANGISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1903.
. < .• ¦ •W>»^-V?;
It has bcjen found $eccssary/to place an armed
gua r d around -ihe home of 'the. Governor of Ne
braska to m prevent miscreants, inspired by convicts,
from stealing one of \he children of the State's chief
executive. With outrages perpetrated in California,
Arizona. Nebraska and other States "and .Territories;
:t begins to look as if the <onvict question is an ex
tremely live issufc that # dema*nds attention
6
ADVEBTISEMENTS. . . . .':. .'
,- The old man is laid^up temporarily for repairs; . . .: . \
and Pierrepont has written asking if his father .*.
doesn't feel that he is qualified now to relieve. ;
> him of some of the burden of active management.
lit this week's issue, date of October 3d
EVENING POST
Five Cents the Copy For Sale Everywhere
THE CURTIS PUBLISHING C0MPJ*Nr t PHILADELPHIA, PJ*. ' .Newport "Will Sail To-Day.
"The Pariflc" Mail Fteamshlp Company's
ftf-Wmn Newport will sail from tbe dock at
FW-t and" IJrannan Ftrects at noon to-day for
New York, via- Panama.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Will Dock at Pacific Street
The Fteamer Ventura, which has been on
the drydock at Hunters Point, will go to her
berth at pier No. 7. Paciflc street wharf, this
morning.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters cf Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The Gorman bark Professor Koch, now at
Port Los Angles, proceeds to Portland to load
wheat for Europe at 25s — chartered prior to
arrival. The Rritirh bark Brunei i* chartered
for lumber from Puget 8ound to Melbourne or
Adelaide at 27s «d; British bark Woollahara
lumber from Eureka to Sydney (owner's ac
oount).
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Heights of High and Low
¦ Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Franeleco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. ¦
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is tbe came at both places.
SATURDAY. OCTOBER 3.
Hun rises <i :<><*,
Sun sets. '.'.5:52
Moon sets 3:07 a. m.
C ITimel ITlrael ITlme Time
p \ ) Ft. } Ft. Ft. Ft.
* |L W| |H W |L W H W
3 3:031 0.9| 0:5S| 5.11 3:33 1.01 0:45 4.8
4 S:40| 1.0;10:24 0.21 4:0s 1.6 10:28 4.U
5 4:151 1.2110:50 5.2 4:4.{ 1.1 11:11 A.a
6 4:48| 1.3111 *.1S| 5.3 5:20 0.8 11:56 6.0
7 | 5:2i' l.«ilt:4^i 5.3 6:67 0.51
H W| |L Wl III W L W-
S I 0:4."| 4.0| 5:r.ft 1.9|12:1<) 5.4 «:35 0.2
ft l:33j 4.S| 6:37| 2.2(12:50 5.4 7:22 0.1
ICOTK — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In tbe left
band column and the cuccesslve tides of the
6ay In the order of occurrence as to time: tns
Merchandise for New York.
The rteamer Minnetonka was cleared on
TfatirstJay for New York with . an ••sorted
The submarine boat* Grsunpun end Pike
cahi^ flown from Mare Island yesterday after
noon In tow of the tug Fortune and are at
the Oo\-ernment dork at Mack Point. They
are programmed to go through seme <3*ep
»ea experimental »ork with-in the' next few
d*ys.
Submarines Are at Black Point.
Bay excursion next Sunday, steamer Sausa
lito; "Dc. I- -;";
that he and Albert Kohler located two
claims in the Wallapai district, the Agnes
and the Laura Agnes, out of which they
hope to maJte a fortune. •
TUOLUMNE'S SHUT-DOWN.
The Mother Lode Magnet, speaking of
turning: off the current at the Phoenix
Lake power plant, says that the shut
down this year does not include any of
the mines on the east belt or about Tut
tletown, the Dutch - mine at Quartz,
Jumper at Stent or the Crystalline, near
Jamestown. The Magnet continues: ':. v '
At the Jumper mine half the men were laid
off for a few days. Operations will be re-
Gumed with the auxiliary steam slant. The
management will keep forty stamps dropping
steadily and 100 men at work. This is said
to be the first time that the Jumper mill and
compressor have been kept running during the
dry season. Forty-two men were laid off at
tho Republican mine at Jacksonville, only a
few being retained. The sixty stamps In the
Harvard mill at Jamestown were hung up by
the giving out. of electrlo power. The mine
will- work a few men during the dry season
on development. The Shawmut mine, near
Chinese, let out 200 men, but will keep sixty
men on, doing development work, making re
pairs and running the chlorlnatlon plant. At
the Rawhide, near Jamestown, twenty men are
retained. The Tuolumne Water Company says
it has a considerable reserve supply of water
in two reservoirs and Phoenix Lake, sufficient.
It Is thought, to supply patrons for battery and
other purposes than power for two months.
The Mother Lodo Banner complains of
existing conditions In Tuolumne County,
publishing the following: . *.• ' v ¦•
Tuolumne County has gone Into Us annual
industrial eclipse, awaiting the movements of
Providence In sending: the rains. Hundreds of
men are thrown out of employment and must
either spend all their savings In traveling In
a search for employment or pay it out for
dally expenses during their enforced idleness.
Business men lose money due them from men
who cannot pay up ftnd keep their families
during the dull season and merchants see be
fore them a longer or shorter time of no trade
or credit trade — Hobson's choice. All this dis
tress la the result of lack of water and power.
Every spring the hills and valleys are deluged
with floods of water escaping to the sea. Rivers
and creeks run full of waste water and the
Immense beds of snow In the mountains melt
innocuouply away, tfie escaping water a detri
ment instead t* a blessing to mankind. At
the bejjlnnln* cf every season the great water
company, which holds this county at Us mercy,
makes Us regular annual promise of "plenty
of water to run through till the rains come,"
and every year mines close and the county
swoons through two or three months of drought.
Every year the company, makes new contracts
for the delivery of water and power and spends
money for ditches, pipes, wires' and flumes to
deliver more water while making but feeble
efforts to save more water to make their con
tracts good. Tuolumne .lags .behind all her
Sister counties In the race of progress, hindered
and held . back ' by a moss covered ' monopoly.
Louis Strauss was convicted by Police
Judge Mogan yesterday on a charge of
obtaining money by false pretenses. He
will be sentenced this morning. On Aug
ust 22 he got a suit of clothes from Louis
Conn, tailor, 1156 Market street, and bor
rowed some money on the representation
that he was a miner from the Klondike
and had a lot of gold dust at the Mint.
He had played the same trick upon other
business men.
Said He Was a Klondiker.
Andrew Metzingcr was held to answer
before the Superior Court by Police Judge
Mogan yesterday on two charges, one of
burglary and the other grand larceny.
He was accused of entering the room of
Miss Nora McNamara, 1046 Folsom street,
on August 15 and stealing her trunk,
which was filled with clothes, and of
stealing a bicycle belonging to Oliver W.
Tuttle, 314 Leavenworth street, on August
1. He put up a defense that he had to
steal the articles because his wife was
starving, but the Judge told him he did
it because he was too lazy to work.
Held on Two Felony Charges.
i . TO ARRIVE.
Stearntr. j From. | Due.
• Sama Mcniea.i San I'edro .Oct. U
• Rfdnndo San Pedro ]Oct. 4
Iagua.., Humholdt : ;Oct. 4
Arctic...'.-.... Humboldt' 'Oct. 4
. Vin'atllla j I'uget Sound Ports iOct. 4
.' Eureka Humboldt (Oct. 4
• S. Pert lan<i... Portland & Aftorla Oct. S
I Tri!us Oyster Harbor |Oct. fi
i San Mateo j Taeoma [Oct. I»
i Artco -... ..;eo1 River Ports |Oct. 5
! Editfi Seattle (Oct. 5
' Nevafian j Honolulu |Oct. ft
j Elate of Cal.. Pan- Diego A Way Pts.iOcf. 8
, Cols*, Hay fan Pedro & Way PteJOct. 6
•Nippon Maru. ( China & Japan lOct. 5
I Cut tna ! Coos Bay Oct. 5
, Pomona ,' Humbolrtt Oct- b
; M. -Dollar. .¦..-! San l'edro Oct. C
• Chehalie I Grays Harbor ....;Oct. 0
: G. Llndauer.. \ Grays Harbor ]Qct 6
¦ Xewburg...-. . Grays Harbor Oct. 0
, B- Barbara... j Seattle & Olympla [Oct. 6
j J. Dollar...;, s Seattle & Tacoma 'Oct. «
j Alliance r t!and & Way Pts.|Oct. 7
j San Jose.....j New Tork "via Panama. 'Oct. 7
Columbia Portland & Astoria ..JOct 7
I Centralla ] San J'cdro Oet 7
{ Arcata , | coos Bay & Pt. Orford !oct 7
, Sa«ita Roea...: San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 8
- I-«oint Arena.. \ Mt-ndooino & Pt. ArenaiOct. «
•Corona LHurnboUt IOct. s
, Ariion&n •• i N. V.via Pa. Los Ang.Oct." li
•Queen ¦,. . I Puget St.und Portu ;Oct 9
Ro nit « Nt wport & Way Ports. iOct. 9
North Fork . . . Humboldt ' iOct 0
O.-.W. Kldrr..- Portland & Astoria JOct' 12
Alanjeia Honolulu ..-. iOct" 11
Liberia China <fc Japan .: |Oct' 13
City Vuehla . . . Puget Sound Ports (Oct. 14
! • . . • . . . TO SAIL. .
Bteamer. . Destination. Sails. I Pier.
October 3. I
I I^afnlqr.... Seattle A Whatcom 4 r.miPler 10
: >.'¦. .Fork." ".Humbftldt 5 pmjPler 2
I K. Leggett. Humboldt 2 pmiPler 13
H. ;.Uii.i -a. . Grays Harbor 2 pmjPier 2
1 Pt. Arena-.. -Point Arena -. 4 pm Pier 2
' Chfco. ..._.,• Coqullle. River | 6 pm Pier 2
Newport.'.. ' N.'Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
•City Puebla Pujet Sound Ports. 11 amjPier 9
; Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. . 3 pm'pier 2
"• October 4. |
¦ /Phoeiilx 1 Mendoelno City. — { 1 pmjPler 13
; 8. Rosa.-... j S»n Diego & Way.| It anjjPier 19
»Cororm: -I Huir.boidt '. .- . 1:30 pjPler 9
| Bonlta..'-'-. j Newport Way Pts. 9 am Pier 15
i tictbbec 5.
| g'. W. Elder )- Astoria & Portland. 11 amiPier 24
October 0. i
I Eureka Humboldt 9 am j Pier 13
¦ S. Barbara. Lof Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 3
¦ • ¦ • Oetrfber 7.
I Arctic : Humboldt 10 am Pier 10
latjua Ht,mboldt U ant Pier 2
Ctntralla.. . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Pomona j Humboldt • 1 :3O p Pier 9
Doric -¦••: China & Japan.-... 1 pm Pier 40
Curacao:... .Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 19
E. Portland. AUcria .& Portland «J pm Pier 2
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pmlPier 2
October K r
; Alliance Eureka & Coos Bay 5 pmjpler 16
I gtate of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am|Pier la
iCooaBay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am|Pier 19
! Ventura Eyndey & Way Pts. 2 pm Pier 7
; UmatUla... Puget Scund Ports. 11 am Pier 9
October O.
I G. Lindauer Grays Harbor ... .. 4 pm Pier 2
I Arcata Coos B.& Pt.Orford 12 m Pier 13
October 1O.
[Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
i City Para..' N. V. via Panama. 12 ra'Pler 40
Newburg.. Grays Harbor 4 pmiPler 10
October 11. |
J. Dollar... Seattle * Tacoma. 10 amjPier 8
October i:t.
Queen | Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
i October 14.
i Rivcl i Wlliapa Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. I Sail*.
Senator........ Nome. jOct. 3
! Ohio Nome & St. Mlcharl. . . iOct. 3
1 Dolphin Bkagway & Way Ports.fOct. 6
Bertha < Valdez & Way Portar. . IOct. 7
' City Seattle..! Ekagway & Way Ports. Oct. 8 i
Oregon.. 1 Ncmft Oct. 10 :
; City Topeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 13
Pirlgo Bkagway & Way Ports.]Oct. s 14
Cottage City. Fkagway & Way Ports|Oct. 14
• Santa Ana 1 Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.|Oct. 16
CALETA BUENA— Sailed' Sept 28— Br bark
AliiK'TH, for . United Kingdom. •
' ICiUIQUE— Arrived Sept " 21,— Br ' ehip Mus-
MANILA— Arrived Oct 2— U B stmr Thomas,
hence SeDt 1.
KAHl'LUI — Arrived Oct 2— Bark W B Flint,
from Makawell. .'
Saiied Oct 2 — Schr Golden Shore/ for Port
Townsend. "** \
HONOLULU— Sailed Oct 1— ScHr W H Mars
ton, for San Francisco. /'
Arrived Ocl 2— fctmr Alameda, hence Sept 26.
EASTERN PORT.
PHILADELPHIA — Cleared Oct 1 — Bark
Nuuanu, for Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ISLAND PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Oct 2— Stmr Fulton,
for San Francisco: echr A B Johnson, lot
Grays Harbor: Btmr Mandalay. for San DIe(?o;
schr Vreti E Sanders, for Grays Harbor; nchr
Louise, for UmDqua; Bchr James A Oarfleld,
for Columbia River.
Arrived Oct 2— Schr Soquel, from Olympia;
gchr Chas E Falk, from Coos Bay.
SEATTLE— Sailed Oct 1— Stmr Jeanle, for
Valdez; atmr Humboldt. for Skagway.
Arrived Oct 1— Schr Robert Searles, for Port
Townsend.
Arrived Oct 2 — Stmr G>o Loomis. from Ta
cnma.
I1EDONDO — Arrived Oct 2— Stmr Pasadena,
from Mendoclno.
GRAYS IIARr.OR— Arrived Oct 2— Hear
Ethel Zane. hence Sept 17.
sSalied Oct 2— Stmr Newburg, for Ban Fran
cisco. ,
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Oct 2— Schr Repeat,
for San Francisco.
POUT ToWNSRND — Arrived Oct 2— Ship A
J Fuller, from Nome.
PORT HARFOKD — Sailed Oct 2— Stmr
Santa. Crux, for San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 2— Stmr Melville Dollar, from
Redondo.
ASTORIA— Arrived Oct 2— Stmr Columbia.
h<"nc<» Sept 30. Oct 1— Stmr Alliance, from
Puget Sound.
Sailed Oct 2 — Br Btmr Indrapura, for Yoko
hama,
Arrived Oct 2— Fr bark Rene, from Naga
""taTOOSH— Passed in Oet 2— Ship A J Ful
ler, from Nome., for Port Towneend; ship St
Paul, from Uyak Bay. for Seattle.
COOH BAY— Arrived Oct 2— Stmr Signal,
hence Sept 29.
Sailed Oct 1— Sch£- Alpha, for San Fran
cisco. \
PORT HADI^OCK — Sailed Oct 1 — Schr Se
quoia, for San Francisco.
KTj'REKA — Arrived Oct 2 — Stmr Pomona,
Arrived Oct 2 — Stmr Eureka, hence Oct Ij
¦tmr South Bay. hence Sept 30; stmr W H
Kruger. hence Oct 1.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Oct 2— Schr Ethel
Zane. htnce Sept 17.
Sailed Oct 2— Schr Bangor, for San Diego;
Kchr F 8 Redfleld and etmr Newbursr, for San
Francisco.
COSMOPOL.IS — Sailed Oct 2 — Echr Maria E
Smith, for San Pedro.
PORT 1X3S ANGELES — Arrived Oct 2 — Stmr
Noyo. from Fort Bragg.
BANDON— Arrived Oct 2— Schr Albion,
hence Sept 11'
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 2, 10 p m— Weather
cleHr; wind W, velocity 12 miles per hour.
Friday, October 2.
Stmr Mm/ola. Kirkwood. Tacoma.
Htmr Coronado, Peterson, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Ftmr Alcazar, Wlnkel, Greenwood.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson. Coos Bay.
Ger Ftmr Isis, Groot. Hamburg, etc. >
Fr bark Empereur Menellk, Moret, Queens
town.
Schr Ida McKay. Lethola, Eureka.
Schr J M 'Weatherwax, Backman. Grays
Harbor.
Schr Advent, Oleen, Coos Bay.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SAILED.
Friday, October 2.
Stmr Santa Ros*. Alexander, San Diego;
Pacific ("cast SteamshlD Co.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria; Pa
cific Coast Steamship Co.
Stmr Geo \V Klder, Ttandall, Astoria; Ore
gon Railroad and Nav Co.
Ger stmr Isio. Groot, Hamburg, via Na
natnio: J I) Spreckels & Bros Co.
I5r ship Invernesshlre, Peattie, London; Bal
fcur, Guthrle & Co.
Fr bark Dupleix, Lemerle, Queenstown; E C
Evans.
Sohr O M Kellogg, Iversen, Mahukona; Chas
Nelson Co.
CLEARED.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday, October 2.
Stmr Gipsy, Inland, 24 hours from Monte
rey.
Stmr Corona, Johnson, 20 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr National City, Hammar, 15 hours from
Ci*one.
Stmr Alcazar, Martin, 42 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Oxiuille River, Dart, 41 hours from
Cr*scpnt City.
Stmr l'hoenlx, Odland, 11 hours from Men
doelno.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen. 16 hours from Cas
par: bound south: put In to lajid passengers.
Stmr Sequoia, Thompson, 40 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr V.'hittier, MacDonald, 52 hours from
Wntura, with barge Santa Paula and bktn
Fiiliertcn in tow.
Stmr Kobert Dollar. "Johnson, .1 days from
San Pedro, via Port Harford 24 noun;.
Stmr Geo \V Elder, Randall, 65 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 40'a hours.
P-arge Banta Paula, Pllle, B2 hours from
Ventura, In tow stmr Whlttler.
Bktn Fullerton, Rrlgman, 62 hours from
Ventura. In. tow Ftmr Whlttler.
Movements of Steamers.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building waa dropped exactly at noon to-day,
I. e., a i noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p m Greenwich time.
J. C. BURNETT,
Ueutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Offlce. U. S. N.. Mer
chants Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
October 2. 1!»<V!.
The schooner O. M. Kellogg was cleared
yesterday for Mchukona, Hawaiian Islunds,
with 4.">O tons coal. 15(x> bblfi lime, 2 cs canned
goods, '£> galp 1 ck wine and 10 gals whiflty,
valued at 54291.
A Small Cargo for Mahukona.
Davis was taken back to Jackson street
and Freel identified him as the one wfio
went through his pockets. He got noth
ing. Freel had neither money nor val
uables in his pockets. Davis' companion
escaped.
i II . W. Davis, a colored man who gives
his occupation as a cigarmaker, was ar
rested at an early hour yesterday morn-
Ing by Policeman H. Barnett and booked
at .the City Prison on a charge of rob
bery. He appeared before Police Judge
Mogan yesterday and the case was con
tinued till Monday, when the charge will
be reduced to assault with intent to rob.
Barnett saw Davis and another colored
man meet John Freel, a marine fireman,
at Jackson and Front streets. The trio
walked a few yards, when Freel was
knocked down and one of the colored men
began to search his • pockets. Barnett
started on a run for the scene and the
colored men fled. Barnett pursued them
and fired a shot in the air to make them
stop, but they continued to run. Davis
took refuge behind some fruit boxes on
Oregon street, where' Barnett discovered
him and placed him under arrest.
One of Them Is Chased and
Captured.
They Are Seen by ft Policeman and
COLORED MEN ATTEMPT
I TO BOB MARINE FIREMAN
A Valuable Cargo for London.
The British ship Invernrs!«-Fhire was cleared
yesterday J for London, England, with 2Zt>3S
ca canned fruit, 43,457 cs canned salmon, 83,
•VtO en* barley, 0310 gals wine, 44.JU5 lbs cas
cara sagraria. 3O:t cs honey and 10 cs ollven,
valued at $3.77.746. The vessel also had 20,000
¦ft luml'fr, as dunnage, valut-d at If.'ioo.
Ford still owned a number of mining
claims In Nevada, and last Wednesday he
went to San Francisco to negotiate for
the sale of them. He was in perfect
health and was expected home, this even
ing. Besides a widow he leaves four chil
dren, Mrs. Kate Arnold, Gregory, Ger
trude and Louis M. Ford, who reside in
Grass Valley. Mrs. Ford Is aged and in
a. critical condition, and her friends did
not dare break the news of her husband's
death to her this evening for fear it
might kill her. The remains of Ford> will
be brought here for interment. \
SAN JOSE, Oct. 2.— Martin Ford, who
dropped dead in San Francisco to-day,
was a retired mining man. He was a na
tive of Ireland and 70 years of age. Ford
came to California from the Eastern
States in the early fifties and at once
went to Nevada, He engaged in mining
there for nearly twenty years along the
Comstock and was very successful. In
1S71 he removed to San Jose, where he
has since resided. His home was at 800
West San Salvador street.
fourth time column gives the last tH«a of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
It was Brilliont who for twenty-five
hours stood at the pumps and kept the
water out while the vessel made port.
The homeward voyage was very long—
eighty-five days. Twenty days out the
vessel was caught on the border of a ty
phoon, which, however, was of such lit
tle violence that no damage was done.
Captain Piltz considers himself fortun
ate to be back alive, for the same sea
that carried two of his crew to their
death caught him also ahd had the pilot
house not broken the force of it some
what, he, too, -would have been washed
far out of reach. Frank Brllltont, the Fil
ipino cook, but for whom Captain Piltz
thinks he would have been unable to
bring the schooner safely into Haiphong,
came back on the vessel. ? :. -
SEATTLE. Oct. 2.— The schooner Rob
ert Searles lost her second mate and a
seaman and was badly battered about In
a typhoon one day out from Haiphong,
on her voyage to that port from Seattle.
She arrived last night from the Oriental
port, but It was not until she was placed
on Moron's drydock this morning that the
strain to which she had been subjected
could he realized. Many of her seams were
open and out of them poured the wa
ter that had leaked into the vessel's hold
during the voyage. Barnacles several
inches thick, clung to the bottom. Her
rigg'.ng and all other portions of the
schooner bore evidence of the terrible ex
perience she had been through.
The schooner comes back without Sec
ond Mate Andrew Johnson and Seaman
Antone BerRosso, who went to watery
graves during the storm. Mate Ander
son is not yet fully recovered from in
juries received at the time.- A bent iron
rail on the vessel shows where his head
struck whin he was caught by a moun
tainous sea and Jammed against it. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
When Deputy Coroner Charles Meehan
arrived with the Morgue wagon to take
tho body away, he learned that Kitts had
taken some money out of the pockets of
the dead man, probably for safekeeping.
Meehan called upon him to turn over the
money, but Kitts refused until a police
man ordered him to do so, whereupon
Kitts gave Meehan J155 in gold. Mi". Mee
han found $260 more and a large quantity
of mining stocks, in the pockets of the
decedent..
Martin Ford, a well-known mining man,
70 years of age, died suddenly on Keainy
street at 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon.
He was walking with C. W. Kltts of 130
Ellis street, and when In front of 204
Kearny street sank unconscious to the
sidewalk. He wb« conveyed to the^drug
store at 214 Kearny street, where he ex
pired in a few moments.
CHERBOURG— Arrived Oct 2— Stmr Au
guste Victoria, from New York, via Plymouth,
for Hamburg.
HAMBURG — Arrived Oct 1 — Stmr Graf Wal
dersee, from New York, via Plymouth and
Cherbourg.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Oct 2 — Stmr Com
monwealth, from Boston. .
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Oct 2— 8tmr Koenig
Albert, from New York, for Cherbourg and
Bremen, and proceeded. ••.';_
; BOULOGNE-SUR-MER — Arrived Oct 2—
Stmr Rhyndam, from New York, for Rotter
dam, and proceeded.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed .Oct 2— Stmr BIu
cher, from Hamburg, for New York, via Cher
bourg.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 2— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from Hamburg.
Sailed Oct 2 — Stmr Arabic, for Liverpool.
OCEAN STEAMER8.
Philip S. Allen, formerly a Deputy Cor
oner in this ! city, has just returned from
the new mining region at Kingman, Ariz.
Mr. Allen says the gold find there Is a
promising one, but that he paid his at
tention to turquoise mines. He brought
some fine samples of this stone and says
koka, from Cape Town.
. YOKOHAMA — Arrived . Seot 21 — Br etmr
Marchaon, from Tacoma. Sept 22— Jap stmr
Hiojun Maru. from Seattle.
Sailed fiept 22— Jap stmr Shlnano Maru, for
Seattle; Br stmr Deucalion, for Seattle.
AUCKLAND — Sailed Oct 2 — Stmr Sierra, for
San Francisco. • '.;¦:
A power company is being organized by
several operators at Cape Nome to sup
ply all the Seward peninsula with, elec
tricity and water power for hydraulic
mining. It is proposed to use the waters
of several streams that rise in the Saw
Tooth Mountains, east of Point Clarence
and a few miles from salt water, to gen
erate 100,000 horsepower to give electricity
to Nome and all other 'mining districts
on the peninsula. Thp electric current
will then bo utilized to lift water from
rivers and creeks for use in hydraulic
mining. Two engineering parties con
nected with this enterprise are In the
field at 'work.
The Calaveras Citizen says:
The work on the Ophlr or Lloyd mine, on
Central Hill, has progressed satisfactorily, and
the owners are Jubilant over their prospects.
Oliver Emery, representing tne Emery Gold
Mining and Water Company, was in town last
Tuesday. It Is rumored that this company is
preparing to extend Its large ditch; system no
as to convey water to the rich placers known
to exist in the Secret Diggings district, about
three miles north of the town of El Dorado.
\V. H. Clary Jr. has established his head
quarters at the Valente ranch on Indian Creek
and is getting things in readiness to start op
erations on tho South Bank quartz mine. Mr.
Clary intends to start grading the site for his
hoisting works within a week, the hoisting ma
chinery being already on the road to the mine.
Tho first work to be done after the erection
of the hoist will be to sink the present shaft
100 feet dseper. At Sheep Ranch mining ap
pears to be at a standstill just at present. The
mill Is ehut down and the only men employed
at the mine are those who Keep the water
out of the shaft. The business men of the
town and the miners who were employed up to
the time of the present shut down are confi
dent that the affairs of the company, which
are responsible for the present shut down, will
be satisfactorily adjusted by tho contending
stockholders at an early date.
IN CAXAVERAS COUNTY.
John Martin, the contractor, Charles Kline
and a force of six men left Friday for the
Afterthought. They have the contract to burn
and furnish l.BOO.OOO brick to the Great West
ern people. They will build Immense kilns on
the ground, as there is excellent brick clay on
the company's ground near the mine, and will
burn the brick right on the property. It is ex
pected the brick will be ready for use in four
weeks" time and then the work of laying the
foundation for the smelter and other buildings
will commence. In the meantime lumber and
building contracts will be closed and every
thing got In readiness so that there will b«
no Interruption In the speedy Installation ot
the plant. The Afterthought will be a lively
camp in a very short time and already the
effects of the new enterprise are being felt In
adjoining small camps and preparations are
being made to open heretofore unprofitable
mines bo that when the smelter starts the ore
can be hauled to the Great Western plant for
treatment.
The Redding Free Press says that de
velopment work is proceeding quite rap
idly at the Afterthought copper mine.
The Great Western Gold Company is pre
paring to install a 175-ton smelter. Con
tinuing the Press says:
An important strike has been made about
four miles east of Columbia, and for several
days tho citizens of that town have been stirred
into an excitement like those of the early min
ing days. For many months a man named
Vauffhn has been prospecting on the other side
of the Stanislaus. A few days ago he made
his appearance In Columbia with quantities of
rock, all of which showed free gold. His lo
cation is near old Crystal Cave. A big Iron
dyke crosses the country there and can be
traced for several miles. It was on this dyke,
where another vein crosses, that the strike
was made. The locator has a shaft about six
feet deep, all In ora as rich and of the same
character as that he shows. How large the
shoot is no one knows at present. A rush was
made to locate claims and two men, Purcell
and Slgnorcttl, have locations. Ed Murphy
and Sherman Wetmore have also located.
Vaughn Is packing ore to the Von Tromp mill
for the purpose ot making a test run.
It is reported in Tuolumne County that
the Longfellow mine at Groveland has
made a rich strike, but no particulars are
supplied. Tho Mother Lode Banner says:
AVhilo the price of oil has continued to
be low, the value of silver, which is of
great interest in Pacific Coast camps, has
continued to rise. The Government fol«
lowed the market from 49 cents to 55 cents
in its purchases for the Philippine coin
age. Then it stopped. Millions of dollars
worth of bullion will be required by the
Government before the Philippine coinage
bill provisions are fully carried out. At
the present price of sliver many silver
camps can produce at a profit.
The Nevada County Miner tells of sev
eral enterprise! that show that there is
lively, interest in Nevada County. Three
miles below Bowmans Dam, on Big Can
yon Creek, William Wheeler has made lo
cation of three adjoining claims that will
be known, respectively, as the Hawkeye,
Ophlr and Excelsior. The claims are
about ten miles from Emigrant Gap. They
were worked together some years ago as
the Hoosier mine. A Company will be or
ganized for development. At the Gray
Eagle mine, near Washington, a five-drill
compressor has been put in. Work is sus
pended for lack of water, but will be re
sumed as soon as the winter rains set in.
A large stamp mill will be placed on the
Zelbright mine next spring.
STRIKES ARE REPORTED.
There are only three California counties
out of the entire array of fifty-seven that
will not make a showing In the statistics
of mineral output for the year 1902. Sev
eral of the counties that are discovered to
have mineral wealth are not represented
by large figures of actual production.
That is according to expectation. But,
considering the area of this State, its
length and breadth, there is probably no
other country on earth that can be shown
to be as uniformly mineralized throughout
practically its entire extent.
Among the surprises contained in the
statistics to be submitted by the State
Mining Bureau will be the figures of the
value of the total output of petroleum in
California for 1902. The production was
very large, but when the price at the
wells ranges from 15 to 25 cents per barrel
for fuel oil it does not, comparatively
speaking, require large figures to ghow
what it sold for in total in the market.
The total gold output of two counties far
surpasses the value in the market of all
the oil produced In the State during the
year 1902.
merchandise cargo. The leading shipments
were as follows: 2O.(K>3 baKJ sugar, 4"4S hAga
prunes. 4722 en oanivd fruit, f!"M of canned and
17M bbls pickled p;,lm»«, 3TS** tib!s BO punch
eons wine. 47 cs acid, IH.\i bbla afpha'.tum,
C4o ska boneblack, 10 cs Mot! and *hoes. 3455
rks bear.e, 10 ce books, M19 cs assorted canned
goods, 5 iKcs dius?. .18 pk^B herbs, 1:441 pes
lumber. 34 Icrs hardwood. 1 pkg machinery, 19
pk*s paste. 1»4 Mite pipe, 04 pk»?s rubber
rood?. 150 baleg junk, 600U bdl* shlnjrlec, tSU,XM
Ibe scrap Bteel, 8 tons scrap tin, 10 cs tin foil,
15 bbls vinejjiir, 47 bales 'vaste, ISO bales
wool, 133 cs cereal food, 270 cs honey, 0 pk£3
electrical supplier.
Each day tnat passes >»sens the
chances of saving the bnrk. She now has
sixteen feet of wnter In her hold and the
heavy peas warh over her decks and
pound her on the rocks.
The crew of the Gifford has been paid
off and sought other employment. Cap
ialn Michie Is stiM hoping to sail the Gif
ford back to England, and if any man
can save the bark it is Cnptaln Metcalfe
of Lloyds.
Only a rope stretched from the shore at
Musso] Rock to the wrecked bark Gifford
indicate* that she has not been absolutely
abandoned. Captain John Metcalfe, local
surveyor for Lloyd's Register, represent
ing the marine underwriters, has not en
tirely given up hope of being able to save
the vessel. He went out yesterday on a
tug to inspect the Gifford, and it is possi
ble that with a smooth sea work may be
attempted to unload part of the bark's
cargo of coal and lighten her sufflcicntly
for tugs to pull hrr off the rocks.
In insurance circles the chances of sav
ing the Gifford is looked on as being v*>ry
unlikely. She is posted as being overdue
nnd reinsurance rates wore f<0 per cent on
her yesterday morning. When It was
learned that Captain Metcalfe had gone
to have another inspection cf the Gifford
the rates fell five points.
- The Oregon Railroad and Navigation Com
pany's eteajner Georee W. Elder aj rived in
port jesterday shortly before noon, fiht was
elijrhtly behind her schedule time, being de
tairifd by cloudy weather and low tide on the
QouunbL* River bar.
George W. Elder Arrived in 'Port.
The American-Haw a!lan Fteamship Com.
pony's steamer Minnetonka, which wa« sched
uled to sail for i\ew Tork on -U'ednesday.
pulled out Into tbe stream Thur*da.y .morning
• nd i* lyln? tt anchor eff BroaJway wharf.
Fhe Is expected, trt leave on her lonr trip
either to-nicht or Humiay mornlwr.
..Another <vv»nli!<» v. a* ada"l to the list -yes
.terday. the HritiFh bark Natur.a, 1H7 tons.
pu**OBt X2S <Sayii „ rnna C&leta Hu«-na to'
«"hannel. She !g quoted at 10 per cent. The
«t'em€-r Kin»bury, oi?t te^i <!«>! fr«-m Kobe
to YoVoh«.ma, is quoted at. t'A per cent, ui
Sncreafe cf 6 ppr ceiit. The ''orolla. out' 125
dajR from Port Natal for VilpanUso. ha« b«en
ra-sed to 25 p*r cent from 30 per cent quoted
the <5ay prfttoos. The Loch Lonr. IM /.ayi
.out from New CaJedr-nla to Clyde, U now lifted
at 45 per cent, ft rtsifce r>t Jl p<*r cent. The
Cat^arirja it *ti:i*rated at 20 per cent.
r— ?
Mmnetonka Still in the Stream
Beinsuranc€. List.
.•••Jtn:> a- rope =6trftrhM from th» »h.ore^ at
'¦ Mu««; RoVk to' t ho .wrecked bar* tritrori tn~
\tiu'hief.'-t**t sht- h*i not • been, abvntu'tely
Ijtf^naonefl. Cai^a'in Jolftj M*>tcalfe| k<al «ur
¦-v#»nr"- !/.r pl.nya'r.IlcK-lft&r. rr^resonjmc the
niarlii/?" 1 un^pru^lif-r;, °ha* not entirely, givp^
»Pup tioj)«.of* V*inr sl.l" to saW the rt»i«l. -He
; '.went ¦ ijnly }-«?!<t«»rd»y on a t»* to inspect the'
. 'flilTord* and lt,ta.poMlbl« ih#t wi'h a sniovth'
:.,.«<-8 »<j'rk- may b«- auimpt*y of ftpi'^idinft r>art
-. ihp'^iVd rar^o .of coal, and lithten her
•.•jpuffl' Vntly for tujt? tft pall h^r froKi.tfse rocks.
"- In insurtir/r, olrr-le« the Vhance* "ot .-paving
••. 4 h«? GlffoJ'd ar» fook'i")! on a* twing VfryTinl!k?ly.
"s e i .'*. C^*t»- <^ ap l^.ns ov«-rcu« 'and reln*ur r 
, .'«»»o^ ri*tp« ¦uVrp »0 p». r cent en "hVr ->-p*terday
•mon.it.V*. V\'h«>n 1; wan lg«rr*<J VB'at <raptaln
, •Metra'r» n«-1 Bow to hav? : 9not«c« Inspection
>of th» »i."Tro*3 ihm njtfi! fe!l five p<-.;nte.
.••* , E»ci. .dayethat raRf=»s lessens tlip chwicem
•*« f ivir,g*the Jiark*. .Sh<? noV .haii Fixteen.fpft
. f*' w«,t*r .'n •h?r hni<?g and "the • heavy e*aii
•. !«a*h ov^ inrf dt»kf snd pound tier on the
jrrx- of the Giflforrt ha* be»n paitf . off
.ana c crt ught ¦¦>.»- cmpl^rmfnt. Captahi &HchIe
' is irt'.II hoping tr> Fa ;i the Gifford back to
FTn«ian<1 and If sr-' man can save -the bark
-It is Cartair. Metca'fe of L.lrvj-«Js..
Slfght Hope for tbe Gifford.
;•• * p^ni'fic^fiyVfect -came, to .light y*?ster-
*H'the raising of the Chinese steerage
*rat>s from Sai» .F.-al'-ncrsco to" China from
•*•> .t . ill 30.* ITI"'^-* advent pi the" Chiua
¦ •<! •; Pimt- rcisi% Compa'Sy 'in .the carrying
« tjade of coolies led tq a' rate-cuttUig war
" »octw'ecn-trie' sie'ajnshlp companies- plying
..lii't?-fpn this. V"o« an* tlte "Orient. The
' cifilna Commojotal .(-"ntnpany put four ves
et«> on th«» run br».v^ep Hpngkong and
'il,anit.nlllo. Mv.xil-6, .oarK'.in thfe" year.
ct/nveyJng ?• larg*» najnb»>r cf coolies to
¦ .Ton 'jhe return trip to China tho vessels
, -of. i^e cCni-ia Commercial' Cyrr.pany called
-'et _S?.n Fra." Cisco iwhI made a stror.s M«l
' .fprChlrp^o pai&ctfig'exV an.i freight. The
• nVw .corp-sraiinfi : cut rates and the Fa
cile '.Mail. Tcyo KIsen Kaisha and Orel
.\!dcnl-al c «ano OrientaT'Corripanies followed
>t"lj in 6-rdpr to maintain th<>lr prestige.
¦Z'*o ninths agcvtKc- «CMna Commercial
VCmtwyy wuMrrw *ll its treacelsj from
. -:ne China-M^xlco-San Francisco route.
"¦'rhe.'Mexkar Gov«rnment had withdrawn
its cc;ice« 'on for the -landing of coolies
• hltd fthti .low stesni?hip coRipany found
iisi-if; wlthou-- sny business. .
Th.e- Paciflc Mait,-Toyo Klrcn Kaieha
.'ftnd Occ ( drnt«U atid ' Oriental companies
. 'v.av. fr-rwr.ed upon the entrance into the
.!ield: g of a rival and it is slated that the
*ihrce corporations used every possible in-
Induce the Mexican Government
"i'i»jt tp 'apal". grant' -the China Commer-'
• cia'l' 'Cojftranv tl*s -copcepsion to land
.coo»I«.'S. •• • *",
'.The c ril5(ng cf :he rates fox Chinese
" j'rom ? 8£'.i Francipco to '.'hina Is looked
•up'oiuin local ehipplns circles as a sure
.££gn that ihe opposition ot the China
•. c'omrnercial Compijny Is -t; thing of the
•. past:' '.. The loesi" age»;rs of the three big
ci'npaples 1 state that they have raised
'.i*e' rs'tes oecau?e they have no opposl
vjon.and do nat- fear any rn the future
-a:id nc'ieu'e the claims -th^t the Mexican
¦vJo'T'rnme'H w:il Agjln irilow Chinese la
• ii«iers to Ne Iflroupht to' Mexico, by the
£fclny Commer'rial tompany. . ¦• • ¦¦:
• ¦•"Ens' Hook Fr>ng\ prtftldewt olthe China
jConpan'rc'-il Company, ajid' General Agerit
J.^, :,'. .C. '"omf'.irt are now In the City of
• Mexico. Fng ftoek. 1'oiijr went to Mexico
. Vbrnf -Ret-ks i r po .and Agent Comfort lett
l£<tn J-"rr-r?issc'o ?aft Saturday. Their mis
. ?'/*jn was to" tr» 10 cgain secure a conoos
.sioi\ from the- Jl^xican Government to
. :l;?nd «-oolirc at Manzanillo-. .
' • A<; the loeal.%fltaes "of the China Cnrrt
" ".n'rr M CciTipany'it -wa? stated* yesterday
;'thaj r.ie reawin 'he company's phiD» hBd
. b*xn" taKeii". -of* ity» ru.n from Chi'na to
Mexico w>'« os -account of.thf "ripid quar-
maintained .r*" th<» . M<?xifaji Gov
: «frnm«-nt agp.i^st •'*»:<- vessels co'mlng'fvom
.'.-.>*o one irr'th^. offices of the China Com
" p^i™-ai Ccjnpar.i- ' has received * nny in
'¦¦foricpyion jihAt "the ,M«dcan (So'vernraent
¦ •,ha ( s ?gaiii' grafted,, .the cotpArmtion' 4'mO
_.**.\j^h Focfjht ..ronces?io c n ti la^id cooties
'iro'MexIeo. and- otbe.. iiro^pect of another
'..'rate »ar bptw*en <hf"comp.anfps -»'ng:aR:*»fl
,-i?n* carrying Chinese 4n -thf American con
. tiricnt Reecnff to <>e ye^y remotj?. . *
''/The r-obort .that-.lbo Mexican. Govern
-rfj't^nt hay'acain granted the (/hina 'Cora
¦^rr.ej.ciui' Company permission, to " land'
¦ vfooikSB kt.the.part nf ''Mar.ranilio -was not
•¦¦VtVijifi fi\i _ inv.i^t'ipaUoH/ In San- Fran
' visco y^terda'y.. .• "" - - " (
" «' |ndicatior..« scyn _ t.o • point, 'however,
.\tfiat the/Mexica'n- G.overnme'^t does jnot
C df fire any «Tinrp # Ch!n.cse laborers landed
V'iv* ;he. je'rritory of »>>e j»i?'t"er republic, and
m.ttSff th-?"MexVan<< ai»r, dteappoihted- in the
'n;ade. a few .months ago of
i in,'«-<»dut'inK coolk? labpr.
Second Mate and a Seaman
Are Washed Overboard
During Storm.
Reinsurance Rate Leaps to
Ninety Per Cent Then Fa!l3
F^e Points.
Rich Strikes Are Reported
as Taking. Place, in
Tuolumne. -.\
Money Taken From . His
1 Pockets by His Oom-
Stearhship TjiapS' No'£,ong3r
*, .-Fear 1 Advent pf a!N.sw
The Robert Searles Is
Nearly Lost in the
Orient.
California Makes Great
Show of Mineral
Territory.
Seas Wash Her Decks
• and Pound Her on
. - -the Beach.
-///../Mexico.
Fact « Indicates" End of
;v "GoGlie : Trade: to '
Martin Ford of Grass
Valley Falls in the
Street.
ROCKS MAY KEEP
GIFFORD'S BONES
OLD MINING MAN
DIES SUDDENLY
SCHOONER RUNS
INTO A TYPHOON
MINES IN FIFTY
FOUR COUNTIES
RATES ADVANCE
FOR CHINESE
THE PAN FKABCJ5CO CALL, SATUKDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1903.
7
AMUSEMENTS.
¦"¦"¦"^ ¦* fc " '¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ Props.
Market St., Near Eighth. Phone South 603.
TO-NIGHT— I/AST TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-DAT AND TO-MORROW.
Charles A. Hoyt's Greatest Comedy Hit,
A Temperance Town
SPECIAL ENGAGEMENT or the Distin-
guished Comedian,
L. R. STOCKWELL.
DDffTC EVENINGS lOo to BOo
riUtCJ MATINEES 10c, 15c, 25o
Next Veek— "MY FRIEND FROM INDIA."
Parquet, any seat. 25c: Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved," 10c.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY). Oct. 3.
Myles McCarthy, Assisted by Alda
Woolcott; the Great Alexius; Carl-
ton and Terre; Paulo and Dika and
new Motion Pictures. Last Times
of Falke and Semon; Charles Ern-
e s t; Mario and Aldo and E.
Rousby's
Latest Spectacular Novelty,
"IN PARIS"
An Electrical Review In Four Tableaux.
VQ*ha Vfifl £3 £*$ LEAOlflQ lKWTTii
MATINXB TO-SAT
To-night and Sunday night — Last times.
The Merriest Musical Comedy,
PRINCE OfPILSEN
Beginning NEXT MONDAY.
The World's Musical Success,
FLORODORA
No. 1 New York Company.
Greater production than ever before.
SEATS NOW READY.
I/VMjIFORNIA
j MATINEE TO-DAY. ff"«
I Last Time To-night. if ¦
Hoyt's Famous Political Satire.
His Best and Funniest Farce.
"A Texas Steer."
TO-MORROW-^wisT MINSTRELS
BETTER THAN EVER.
Featuring a new and original olio
finale — a hilarious burlesque.
TjThe Wizard of Boz. [F
H El AT RUJ
TIV0UBS5&
(NOTE — Performances commence at 8 sharp;
Satu*ay Matinee at 2 sharp.)
MATINEE TO-DAY AND SUNDAY NIGHT,
Blxet's Wonderful Work,
CARMEN
To-nleht— Last Performance of
Rossini's Famous Conedy Opera.
The Barber of Seville
HEXT WEEK— "LA BOHEME" »nl "OTEIIO."
PRICES AS USUAL— 25c. 60c, 75c.
Telephone Bush 0.
SATURDAY. October 3, at 3 i- m. in
STEINWAY HALL.
THE SECOND RECITAL OF THE SEASON
WILL BE GIVEN.
11R. PERCIVAL VAN YORX Will Preside at
. the Piano with the Aid of
THE ANGELUS.
MRS. L. SNIDER JOHNSON, soprano, will b*
tbe Soloist of the Occasion.
Complimentary tickets may be secured at th«
store any time before the recital.
Bherman. Clay A Co.. Kearny and Butter Sta.
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
RECREATION PARK.
EIGHTH AND HARRISON
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY. 3:30 P. M.: SAT-
URDAY. 3:00 P. M.
SUNDAY 2:30 P. M.
SAN FRANCISCO vs. LOS ANGELES
LADIES' DAYS THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
Advance Sale, 5 Stockton St.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THE
Great Mexican Remedy; give* health and I
strength to sexual organs. Depot. .TJ3 Market I
THE WEEKLY CALL
Si per Year.
AMUSEMENT^ .¦ . '
. > ¦ — .. ,i. ¦,^ r » 1
/y • Pill
Coursing
Part ;
1 fi
..DOG.,.". 5 --:
96 Open Stake
SATURDAY and SUNDAY
Oct. 3 and 4.
First run-down on Saturday, beginning: at
11:30 a. m. sharp. Sunday courting will hetfa
at 1Q:3O rharp and continue till laat winning
flag goes up.
TOTAL PRIZES-$1 1 10.00
All Mission-street cars transfer to Guerrero
cars, which g>» direct to the park. \ •
THOMAS TIRRNEY, Judge. ¦ .
EDWARD SHORTSTAO, Slipper. .
MATINEE TO-DAY -L*ST N GHT
JAMES NEILL
"A GENTLEMAN OF FRANCE.**:
Beginning-* — *
TO-MORROW MATINEE
LAST WEEK
JAMES NEILL .
Masnlflcent Production of
UNDER TWO FLAGS
With EDYTHE CHAPMAN »¦ CKUKETIE. .
PRIPF^ EVENINGS-. .'.15c. 23c. 50c. 73«
rniur.0 matinees we. 25c. eo*
Durlnc Mr. Nelll's engagement children un-
der 5 years will no*^ be alinltted. * '
AT ri A 7 fl TJ Belaseo A Mayer.
ALCAZAR izs?s&.
Ceneral Manager*-
MATINEE TO-DAT— EVERY EVENING:
FLORENCE ROBERTS
la DaVld Belasco's Dramatic Triumph,
ZPlZ.Pl '.
Evg.. 23 to "3c; Mats. Thurs. & Sat/. 15 to SOo.
MONDAY. OCT. 12— OPENING OF THE
NEW ALCAZAR STOCK COMPANY
With ADELE BLOCK and JAMES DURKIN.
First Time Here of Plnero'a Comedy Drama. ¦
LADY BOUNTIFUL
Sale Begins Next Monday. ¦ >
TO-DAY AXD TO-MORROW Or ¦
"The Glad Hand" and "Tha Con-carers"
Next Monday Nlght^— First Production of
"THE PARADERS."
Th« Great Eastern Muiiral CMmedy Success.
Entire Xew Music, Songs. . Scenery. Co»tum«« J
and Magnificent Stage Effects. °
Our "All-Star" Cast. Including '. ¦
KOLB AND DILI*
BARNEY BERNARD.
¦\VINFIEXJ> BLAKE,
HARRY HERMSEN.. '
MAUD AMBER,
ELEANOR JENKINS. :
LARKIMS AmFpATTERSON
National Singers of Coon Songs, and a
GREAT SHOW EVERY AFTERNOON AND"
EVENINQ IN THE THEATER.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
VISIT THE "MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE."
LION SLAYING BABOON
IN THE^ZOO. . • .
ADMISSION, 10c: CHILDREN. Be.
When Phoning Ask for "The Chutes."
j COURT Lounging
fl fl (1 room, the EMPIRE
uuu PARLOR, the
r « PALM ROOM, the
linMQ LOUIS XV PAR.
ui uuu LOR^ and tfae LA
n A 4oJr. DIES ' WRITING
Hotels room.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ;. .- .I;;.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS fflnst. lei
Fac-simile Signature of /$L*^£££
J%&%&ig%!§i>r BILIOUSNESS. f^kl m <« g m a
&£&BflKX S«CK HEADACHE, gffi"] H |Cf ITS
£/SW%^ TORPID LIVER. WM » w. &n BV
/fflttj \M FURRED TONGUE. B:.-^ W^jm n n tf*
Mm JSS INDIGESTION. M§ P| H fl! Sllli
W Ui C0NSTIPATI0N JB°,-'-i jm\
SALLOW skin. HBSHiMBiBBHsBsHSfflfflH
They TOUCH the L. I V E R Wi" *£
Genuine Wrapper Printed on .1* ' —^ . '..¦¦¦-• , • ,*•
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAHL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1903.
HARDY GIANTS OF THE GRIDIRON IN ACTIVE PRACTICE
BERKELEY STARS IN ACTION
WITH FORMER TEAMMATES
"Johnny" More, the Sensational Quarterback, and Mini, the
Halfback, Again in Field— Stanford Freshmen Coach's
Chief Concern, as Their Work Is Not Encouraging
THE football season is in
full swing at the two rival
universities, Stanford and
California, the games with
Reliance have developed the
weaknesses of the teams, and
the efforts of the coaches are di -
rected toward remedying these
defects. It is manifest Stanford
must develop a line which
can withstand the charges of
Berkeley's veteran players.
Coach Lanagan has good mate
rial and should be able to make
a cardinal line which can hold
the blue and gold.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 2.— Jochfey William
Shea, who was Injured in an accident at
Delmar track Wednesday afternoon, died
at the Missouri Baptist Santitarlum early
to-day from concussion of the brain. He
never regained consciousness after the ac
cident.
Injured Jockey Is Dead.
At a meeting of the Boardyof Fire Com
missioners yesterday afternoon . Engineer
Thomas Titus was ordered . to pay ' his
creditors $40 a, month out; of his salary.
Chief Engineer Sullivan was present for
the first, time since his recent illness and
was congratulated by the board on his
speedy recovery. Engineer McElroy was
dropped from the service for neglect of
duty. ¦ • •• ¦ : . -'TV:
Fire Commissioners Meet.
* Automobile Kace Meet.
K P> Lowe, has been appointed chalr
*ian of the committee of the Automobile
Club, of California having the race meet
at Ingleside In charpe. The other mem
bers, of the committee are S. G. Buckbee,
K. P. Brlnegar, E. Courtney Kord, N. t!
Mcpser Jr. and Charles A. Hawkins. At
a meeting of the committee It was decided
to hold the two days of racing at the In
ftSttifa track, on Friday and Saturday,
November 6 and 7.. Instead of on Saturday
and ' Sunday,' Noxember 7 and 8. There
will, be five or more races each day and
the price of admission will be Jl. It is In
tended to bring several of the crack auto,
mobile racing men out from the Eastern
States and to make the meet a notable
one In the history of Calif ornian automo
billsm.
Fine Bay Excursion.
Sunday. October 4, at 9:30 a. m., the splen
did and commodious steamer '"Sausallto" will
make a special bay trip to all points of Interest
on water front of six counties, including Union
Iron Works, Naval Training Station, San Pablo
Bay. Vallejo. Lime Point. Returns at 8 30
p. m. Excellent musical entertainment. Posi
tively no liquors sold. Meals all day v76
cent* round trip (50 cents for children). Tickets
on sale at C26 Market street, or Sausallto ferry
Can Francisco. . ; • • .'
. The BcottlsV bowlers will be busy this
afternoon at Golden Gate Park finishing
the sec.ond round of their tournament.
This Is the last day in which to play
njatches Jn this round, and those not on
.?land will lose by- default. When to-day's
games are finished there will be but six
'teen of the sixty- four players originally
entered l<?ft In the competition. The fol
lowing matches will be played to-day:
.••'Gray vs.: Collins: Magu'-re vs. Craig:; Dalzlel
"«. HutchlRron; -McLacblan vs. Hutchison:
•IIbst vs. Crawford; ForrJe ve. Stott; Latlmer
}». Ojok.. and McVickar vs. Eaton.
There 'will be but two Saturdays in
ylilch to play the third round, as it closes
on^tl*' 17th .lnst. Most of the poorer play
ers have been defeated, and those left
sSre evenly matched. The games from now
or. will be close.
Second Bound Must Be Completed To-
Day, the Players Not Appearing
• • Losing by Default.
scornsH bowxehs bust
WITH TOURNAMENT PLAY
A sign is displayed in the elevators of
an office building in Washington. D r
which says: "As this is a public car'
gentlemen need not remove their hatsi.-
LACROSSE TEAMS MATCHES
• to p:lay at sAn mateo
California Association Intends to
Bring the Champions of Brit
ish Columbia to This City.
To-morrow at 2:30 p. m. on W. C. Clark*3
polo field at San Mateo the ball will be
faced for, the match between the Huron
lacrosse team of San Francisco and the
Tagaloos of San M,ateo. George R v Blge
low. will act as referee of the match,
which Is for the championship of the
State. BBPW
Several wealthy men are supporting tho
Tagaloos and Intend to get together
a strong team. "The San Franclsce
club will run a special car to San Ma"teo
for those who desire to witness the matcn
The California Lacrosse Association in"
tends to bring to this city the Vancouve
team. which won the champlon^hin at
British Columbia. The men Wllf pi?y I
series of three games against the San
Francisco club on the Kth. I7th and ISth
insts. The California Association a!^
hopes to bring to this city the Shamrocks'
of Montreal, the champion lacrosse t^m
of the world. Califom'ans will then ha™
an opportunity of seeing the Canadian
national game played by its most brilliai -
exponents. "**»«.c
Court Modifies Mahony's Injunction.
Judge Seawell yesterday modified the
temporary restraining order issued upon
the filing of Richard Bradley's suit to re
tain County Clerk Mahony In office for
two years more. He so changed It as to
enable the Registrar and Election Com
missioners to use such funds as are nec
essary to defray the cost of the prelimi
nary work of their office connection
with the; election of such offlcers as Ma
hony claims are entitled to a four-year
term. The original Injunction restrained
them from expending any money at alL
Total 52
Runs At the fall of each wicket — One for 0
two for 34. threa for 34. four for 48, five for
49. »lx for 62. seven for 82, eight for 62, nine
for 52, . ten for{ 62.
SUMMARY OF BOWLINO.
Bowler— . ! Balls. Run*. Mdns. Wckta.
O. N. Taylor 48 10 1 3
W. Petherlck 12 23 0 0
W. ¦ G. Fortmann ... 24 12 1 o
H. C. CaMdy 12 2 0 4
v PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB.
A. W. 1Vlld!n». b. Croll. • 17
E. H. Lannowe, b. Ward... * 13
H. D. Bowly. b. Croll .'..'." 3
-W. Petherlck. b. Ward 0
T. W. Tetley, c, Cronin, b. Ward 28
H. C. Carldy, c. Von Tagen. b. Ward....** 22
E..T. Langdale, b. Ward - g
F. Bennion. b. Ward.... *" »,
Dr. O. N. Tsylor. b. Croll 2
C. C. Williamson, c. Richter. b. Ward.! Ill a
W. O. Fortmann. not out *" •>
Byes 8, leg bye 1, wide« 2 "]) jj
Total t .. 132
. Runs at the fall of each wleicet — One for' 31
two for 36, three for 45. four for 47 flv« for
102, six for 102. leven for 111, elzht for 116
nine for 128. ten for 132. 116>
SUMMARY OF RpwiJNG.
Bowler — " Balls. Runs.' Mdns. "Wckt«
F. J. Croll ..108 57 1 3
Harold Ward 107 S3 0 7
C. Banner 42 11 1 0
• The Alameda" team In Its second Innings
SAN FRANCISCO COUNTY cricket
ers will play the last scheduled
match of the season to-morrow on
the grounds at Webster street,
Alameda. against the Pacific eleven. The
representatives of the San Francisco
County Club will be Harold B. Richard
son, captain; B. Kortlang, E. G. Sloman,
E. R. Wilkes. T. J. A. Tiedemann, P. R.
Johns, H. Roberts, W. R. Stewart, J. B.
Smith, T. J. A. Tiedemann Jr. and M. G.
Ross. /
Tho Pacific representatives will be H.
C. Casidy, captain; E. H. Lannowe, A.
W. Wilding. H. D. Bowley. E. T. Lang
dale, W. Petherlck. F. Bennlon. Dr. O.
N. Taylor. D. Jamieson, W. G. Fortmann
and T. W. Tetley. D. Jamieson plays for
the first time during the present season,
as he has been absent at Guam during
the summer.
The match last Sunday was the last of
the year between the Alameda and Pacifio
elevens and resulted In an easy victory
for the latter. Harold Ward, the Ala
meda captain, won the toss and sent his
men to the bat. Casidy and Taylor were
well on the spot with the ball and dis
posed of the whole side for 62 runs, Ward
and Croll being the only men to make
double figures. For the Pacifies Tetley
(28), Casidy (22). Lannowe (19) and Wild-
Ing (17) helped to run up the score to 132.
Ward took seven wickets and Croll three.
In their second Innings the Alameda men
made 87 runs for seven wickets. The re
sults follow:
ALAMEDA CRICKET CLUB*
First inning' —
F. J. Croll, b. Taylor 17
F. Stahl. e. and b. Taylor 0
F. J. Richter. c. Lannowe. b. Taylor 0
Harold Ward, c and b. Caatdy 21
C. Banner, c. Bennlon. b. Casidy... 6
W. E. R. Hooker, b. Taylor 3
J. McKean, b. C&sldy 0
Von Tagen, not out 0
J. Irish, c. Bennlon, b. Casidy 0
H. Cronin. b. Taylor 0
Byes 4. wide 1 5
As the California Club now has many
active women players several tourna
ments will be held for them. Many new
players will Join the club shortly and
with those already members will moke a
large entry list In future tournaments.
There will be a meeting of the. board
of directors of the California Tennis Club
Monday night. Offlcers will be elected
and committees and delegates appointed.
The club wlli have three delegates to the
Pacific States Lawn Tennis Association.
the handicap doubles event com
menced two weeks ago at the park. The
contestants will be the Baker brothers
of Berkeley and Harry Routh and Charles
Dunlap of this city. Of the thirty-two
teams entered these two were the only
ones to play from scratch.
The Bakers went through their half in
easy fashion, while Routh and Dunlap in
two" cases had an exceptionally hard time
¦winning. As the teams will meet on even
terms the Baker brothers are thought to
have the better chance of winning. Many
are of the opinion that Routh aud Dun
lap should receive a slight handicap.
The latter team won the cups once,
while the Baker brothers have never be
fore competed for them. Should Routh
and Dunlap win to-morrow's match they
will lead in the race for the trophies,
needing but one more victory. It will
be a five-set match and will commence
at 2 p. m. It will be played on the pub
lic CQjirts In Golden Gate Park.
The first tournament held on the Cali
fornia Club courts In several months
proved a success last Sunday. For an
opening tournament the handicapping
was well done. The fact that there were
thirteen entries and the event was fin
ished In one day shows how well the
committee in charge did Its work.
This was the first of a series of handi
cap doubles tournaments for the two new
silver cups which are to be won three
times. They will take the place of the
Davis cups, which were won five times
by the Smith brothers. A tournament
will be held each month until the trophies
are disposed of.
In the next tournament Collier and
Mitchell will be the only scratch team, as
Smith and MacGnvin will not play to
gether again In handicap events. Smith
will play with Jus brother, Chester, in
future and will probably be placed on the
mark with Allen and Hill, who won last
Sunday's tourney. Stringham and Sails
bury will be a new team and will also
receive the same handiacp as Hill ! and
Allen. The poorer teams will be given
liberal handicaps, as they were last Sun
day.
THERE will be but one tournament
match on the tennis courts this
week and that will be the finals of
ever retired from the game for a
number of years and then made' good
on his return. Corbett's great pitching
during the last two months has brought
him into prominence all over the coun
try and by next season" the California
boy will be in great demand by some of
the magnates In the East.
When Corbett got into the game this
season, after an absence of six years, the
majority of the fans thought It was a
huge joke. Not one man in ten conceded
Joe had a chance of making good. When
he pitched his first few* games without
showing anything like his ancient form
no one thought he would do, but at the
present time he is considered the best
pitcher in the Pacific Co*n»t-League.
Big Hall of the Los Angeles team was
thought to be a real miracle for the time
being, but since he has been getting his
bumps right along the opinion of the
fans has changed. It is~tunny how they
have got on to Hall suddenly. He has
not won a game for a long lime. He is
always beaten by a wide margin.
If Morley keeps his team together "next
season he will win the pennant again,
and no one can dispute that. The Angels
to-day are a crowd of fast ball tossers
and they could run In almost any com
pany. The chances are the Los Angeles
magnate will have nearly all the same
faces again during the coming season, so
he Is sure to be hot after the pennant.
The long drawn out season is be
ginning to have Its effect here. The fans
of San Francisco are getting too much
baseball. They have begun to lose In
terest In the game. So far as the flag
race goes, it Is all over and has. been for
the last two months. Still we have base
ball every day in the week but one and
It will continue for two months.
This long drawn out season is liable
to effect the sport next year and in other
seasons to come. ' The people may like
It for a while, but they will become tired
of It sooner or later, and when other at
tractions come to the front they will in
all probability abandon the baseball park
and turn their attention to something else.
Charley Irwln met with his first acci
dent of the season on Thursday, when
he was hit by a pitched ball. This is
certainly a piece of hard luck, consider
ing that the gritty player braved all kinds..
oi. accidents during .the season, only to
be injured when the danger point was all
but oassed. It was one of the chances'
of baseball and was unavoidable.
PITCHER JOE CORBETT of the Los
Angeles baseball team Is perhaps
the only man In the business who
Deciding Games in Handicap
Doubles Tennis Match
to Be Played To-Morrow
San Francisco County Team
Will Play Last Game of
Schedule With Pacifies
Prolonged Season of the
Pacific Coast League May
Injure National Pastime
CRICKETERS'
YEAR NEARS
ITS FINALE
CORBETT'S
RECORD IS
FANS' TOPIC
PARK COURT
THE SCENE
OF CONTEST
MEMBERS OF THE RELIANCE FOOTBALL ELEVEN. WHICH HAS MADE A GREAT STAND AGAINST THE
TWO UNIVERSITIES DURING THE SERIES OF PRELIMINARY GAMES NOW IN T PROGRESS, ONE OF
WHICH WILL BE PLAYED TO-DAY AT STANFORD.
Of the five' encounters that have taken
place this year between the Alameda and
Pacific elevens the former won the first
three and the latter" the last two.
made the following scores: Stahl. b. .Fort
mann, 7; Banner, c. and b. Lannowe, 1;
Von Tagen. b. Fortmann, "4: Irish, b.
Fortmann, 2; Richter, c. Bowley, b. Lan
nowe, 8: Croll. b. Lannowe, 14; Ward,
not out, 37; Cronin, c. Casidy, b. Ben
nion. 6; byes 6. wldes 2; total 87. Fort
mann bowled 43 balls, taking 3 wickets;
Lannowe bowled 42, taking 3 wickets: Ben
nion bowled 27, taking 1 wicket; William
son 12 and Pctherick 12. . '
man squad and the prospects of
picking from its members a victorious
team. With but two weeks to prepare for
the freshmen to meet the California
youngsters, things do not look bright for
the cardinal.
Only two preliminary games have been
played by the freshman eleven up to tha
present time, so there has been little op
portunity to Judge of its real strength.
The showing made in those two> contests,
however, was discouraging. An almost
absolute lack of speed and team work was
noticeable, but this condition may be at
tributed largely to the fact that the
coachers have paid practically no atten
tion to the youngsters during the past
three weeks. The coachers have begun to
devote more of their time to the '07 team
and hereafter will drill the freshmen ex
clusively for a half hour or more each
afternoon before the varsity candidates
appear on the field, besides dividing their
attention with them during the regular
practice period.
The poor showing: made in the games
played by the freshmen may be attributed
partly to the fact that a number of the
best players among the first year men did
not go Into the contests. Outside the
freshmen, there are so comparatively few
candidates on the field that the coachers
have found It necessary to remove some
of the '07 men from the freshman squad
and put them with the varsity candidates
in order to have two good teams to pit
against each other.
The men on this gridiron have been al
most Immune from accidents up to the
present time— a, result probably due to the
thick coating' of saw dust on the field
and also to the fact that Coach Lanagan
has Insisted on the men taking the utmost
precaution in the way of padding, shin
guards, ankle braces and the like. With
all this care two promising freshmen,
Morphino at center and Minturn at half,
have sustained injuries that may keep
them off the gridiron the remainder of the
season. Morphino has a broken collar
bone and Minturn a badly injured arm.
Crutcher and Goudy of the '07 squad have
been forbidden to play by the resident
university physician. Goudy was putting
up a hard game at right half and looked
a likely man for the position.
While the freshmen seem in a slump,
the varsity men are certainly improving
both in speed and team work. The cold,
snappy weather during the week has put
the big fellows on their mettle and every
night sees hard fought scrimmages be
tween the two elevens. The fact that so
few places on the big team can be con
sidered "cinched" makes the rivalry
among the candidates particularly keen.
The fight for end positions promises to
be one of the most interesting of the sea
son. George Clark, star end on last year's
team, has not entered the game and the
struggle goes merrily on among a half
dozen or more aspirants for the two posi
tions. Preston, '04, who earned hjs VS"
as substitute end two years ago. Is mak
ing a strong bid for one of the positions.
Butterfleld, Stanlford and Wilbur of last
season's second eleven, and Smith, a new
man, are also showing up well. Any or
all of them may be seen in the game with
California in November.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 2.—
Interest in the Stanford gridiron is
beginning to center on the fresh-
There is a chance that Boothe. who is a
promising- fullback, will be put on the eli
gible list of players. On account of th*
limited number of his studies he was left
out of the list sent to Stanford, bufit Is
probable the matter may be adjusted with
the Belmont School, of which *ne was a
member.
There have been no Important changes
In the lln.e-up of the team during tha
week. About the only changes made are"
those due to accidents. The most serious
of these is the loss of Allen, the big right
guard, through an injury to his knee.,
Caminetti. whohad a good chance to play
at left end, has been attacked by appetj
dicitis and 13 spending his tlir.e In a hos
pital. He will not be able to play agala
this season. •
A halfback who is likely td give Muther
and Whlpple a nx> for. right half Is Sred
tear, who showed such, good form thla
week that he was' taken oat of the sec
ond eleven and put Into the first. J3nedi
gar is fast on his feet, is a quick thinker
and stands a good chance for; making the
varsity team.
This has been a" disastrous week for
three or four of*U?e> varsity men. Strou<t
and Overall have injured ankles and Stow
and Sterna injured knees, the l&st named
having contracted water on the Joint! The
incapacity, of these men is not expected,
however, to interfere with their" playing
in the game against ' the naval ¦ school
team to-day on the Berkeley campus.
The freshman team does not seem to
have swung into its proper gait yet. It
has won all its games, bet not with
eraugh margin to warrant the statement
that it is as good as Stanford's Ireshman
eleven. It will likely be much improved,
however, before th« intercollegiate yama
is played on the 19th lnst. . »
More will have to fight it out. with Bel
knap and Geary for quartet. ' Both of
these little fellows' .hav> bfeq playing
steadily and Just noiy are better qualified
for the place than More. "..Mtrre has beta,
giving the signals for three years, how
ever, and the chances are that after a
little training he will get back Into- his old
form. • " ¦ -
the return of Mint and Johnny
More to the gridiron. Mini has been say-
Ing that he would not play on account «>f
his studies, but he has finally yielded" -to
the pressure, from the outside. He .Joes
not say. flat- footedly that he 13 back In
the game, but his presence evejy day on
the field is evidence he will try for hla old
position at left half. More, after hesitat
ing for a month, has put. on the uniform
again. He will try for quarterback.
The return of these men. to the fcld
complicates mattero somewhat la the
varsity team and makes it harder for the
coaches to "pick th« best jroen. 2ilzi will
not have an easy time, rcgalalng his old
place, as he has two speedy, competitors
In RIsley and Graves, both of whom have
had the experience that -comes with past
seasons. -. \- ?-- • .
BERKELEY. Oct. 2.— The most sig
nificant event In football at the Uni
verslty of California this week U
The running at Ingleside Park will oom
mence to-day at 12 o'clock, when the first
round of an open stake will be run down
once. To-morrow the coursing will com
mence at 10:30. The champion stake will
be run In its entirety to-morrow. The
likely winners look to be:
Champion stake — Mount Rose.S Medley.
Cloverdale; Black Coon. Sofala. Pasha Pleas
ant. Bonnie Pasha. Younc Fearleei.
Open ctake — May Connelly. Brawa Hill.
Otto. Belfast. Clarice, Bob R, Tounir Johnny
Hex, Thetis, Homer Boy, Pacinc Billy, Ad
vance Guard, Little Lucy, King's Pride Lady
Pinto, Redwood Lad. Onward Maud. Royal
Friend, Miss Green, Racing Glancer, False
Alarm. Lulu Girl. Pepper Hill. Co*ette Pep
per J ark. Little Sifter. Hesper. Sllevenarcon
Prometheus, Kquator, Flnoola, Roxana. Van
Nora. Topsy Turvey. Rock and Rye. Yellow
Tall. Glaucun. Gllmore. Vagrant. Orslna Nora
Hill. Una. October Led. Ploughman. Bonnie
HuBhte. Honor Bright. Whisper. Black Flush
Doc Burns.
Rubber Ankles. KIttleman. Remlsao Anlmo.
Ml Amlgo, Presidio .Boy. Golden Licht, Con
cord Boy. Consort, Fannie Hug-hie Flora Belle
S«a Lion. Game Boy. Uocklln Bor. Gambit,
EempronluB. Duhallow. Dorothy M. Fenil,
Reno. Charter Member. Reckless Acrobat.
Jlnrle Bells. Agitator. Special. Fontenoy. Our
Motto. Slskiyou, Red Pepper. Beluga. Cuban
ola, Vandal. Hcnegt John. Lord Granard Lux
ury. Mickey Free. Barge.
Owing to the conflict of dates the John
Grace Challenge Cup stake will be post
poned until late in November. Many of
the Eastern and Montana^ kennels will
j-end representatives cut for this event.
A number of coursing men will go from
: here to the Waterloo. P. Mullarky will
take Black Coon and Pasha Pleasant and
G. Lacy Crawford's entire string will go
on. James Sweeney will take Rubber
Ankles, Reckless Acrobat and Ragged
Actor. He also will take the puppies,
; Rocker Arm, Richard Anton and Raby
Aurora, which will start in the Missis
sippi Valley Futurity.
The Junion Champion stake will be the
next classic to be run here. This will be
Its fourth renewal. It was won the first
% time by J. Hurley's O K. Capitol. Ala
meda Kennel's A. J. Martin won it the
second time and W, Slcotte's Reta S the
third time. All Futurity candidates are
eligible. In addition to puppies whelped in
October, November and Decembf'r, 1901.
An eligible litter by Rock Island King-
Irma, now running at Los Angeles, is
thought to have a good chance for the
rich stake. The greyhounds are called
Tom King, Galveston, Rock Island Min
nie and Anna Ryne. They have been win
ning everything in the south, beating
Aeolus,, Lost Chord and others.
E. Baumeister has bought Free From
Flaw and Cubanola from Frank McComb.
A seventy-six-dog stake will make up
the card to-morrow at Union Coursing
Park. There will be special trains at
10:15. 11, 12 and 1 o'clock. The likely win
ners look to be:
The dates for the American Waterloo
have finally been announced. They are
October 31, November 1, 2. 3. The en
trance fee is $25. The Oklahoma Cours
ing Club will add $S25 to the purse. En
tries are limited to sixty-four greyhounds.
P. J. Rellly of this city will act as Judge.
John Keen of St. Louis will be the slip
per.
In the discussion already started the
suggestion has been offered that the
parks cease running in summer for four
or five months. From April or May to
August there are strong counter attrac
tions, which draw many people to the
country, and during this period coursing
languishes. Coursing seems to nourish in
the winter, the greyhounds Wing able to
run in the heaviest downpour.
It is claimed a stoppage of coursing
would tend to scatter the greyhounds and
the patrons of the sport. This is not
borne out by past experience. The gates
cf Ingleside were closed for some years,
yet Its patrons were on hand at the re
opening. It would mean a higher stand
ard of greyhounds, as only the best would
be fed and cared for during the off sea
son.
For seven years there has been coursing
two or more days a week In or near this
city, the major portion of the time two
parks being in operation. This has given
the followers of the sport a surfeit of it.
No sport was ever known to hold its fol
lowers for years without intermission and
it is not expected coursing will break the
rule.
governing body of the sport on
this coast, must discuss the desirability
pt closing all the parks in its Jurisdiction
for a stated period each year.
COURSING MEN are of the opin
ion that, sooner or later, the Cali
fornia Coursing Committee, the
California Coursing Com
mittee Will Be Asked to
Shorten Running Se^on
GREYHOUNDS
MAY ENJOY
A RESPITE
?,y .Dr. R.. F.) Millar, was sailed by Louts
\Vard in the handicap race of the Cali
fornia Tacht Club on Sunday and was
regarded as likely to win. But the wind,
which was southerly at noon, when the
Flirt "started, hauled around later to the
pcuthwest and the flood tide was too
.strcr'g for so small a boat to make good
l»:adway against. The breeze strength
ened and held until e\-enlne, with little
The keel schooner yacht Fly Away,
•w»iose headauarters are at Port Town
send, was anchored off the California
Yach* Club house early in the week. On
the.trip down the coast 6he encountered
tt>ugh weather, losing her Jib and her
main tfoonwn the storm that drove the
British chip Glfford on shore at Mussel
Rock.
THE members of thm - California
Yacht CUxb will leave the moor-
Ings In Oakland Creek this after
• noon on the last half of the ebb
tide and. after working their way over
to the city front, will cross the channel
to 6e.urs.Uto. During the evening they
wOl vtelt the vessels of * the San Fran
cisco fleet and to-morrow will cruise be
yond the heads Into the open ocean. The
Ban Francisco 5 achtsmen " have nothing
set down on their schedule for to-day or
to-morrow, but.*as the tide begins to run
out at 10:24 at the entrance to the har-.
bor, some of them will Join the Calif or
r.ia tars* in tjelf jnitside -cruise, the, last
of the present season. The tide begins
to flood at 3:33 p. m. -to-morrow,- so the
yachtsmen -pre .sura of making their
moorings a? Sausaijto or' in the estuary.
The rsembers of the Corinthian Yacht
Club will, cruise this afternoon and even
ing to <Par.ad.ise. Cove.' where chowder and
accompanlnynts" will be- served on the
Ix-ach. To-morrow a small yacht regat
ta' V-lV r be held over a -course to be se
lected in accordance with the .condition
of the, weather.
For 'some seasons. C. E- Clark's yawl
Gypsk* was the fastest- boat of her rig,
v.ith the exception of Harry Simpklns'
Tramb'itana; which- he-vex took part in the
Pac:nc_*nter.club Yacht Association's an
ri:jal races'. Xpw, however. Robert Vin
o>si'» .•¦"awl lo!a :i the. premier boat of
her class, having won the Vincent handi- ;
can. rr,ce" last Sunday from scratch, and j
hiving captured tfte Macdpnough cup In !
th/« v»wl. class of the Admission day re
ratta*. The.ya*! Iola. was formerly the
floop.Alert a^.d : hec underbody Is «till the
same as. xvhen -she: .was. built by her de- '•
fiKne*** "-T. J, . Kendall' of the Bon Ton !
Ixjdthpuse on- Lake Merrltt. She was
built lightly, as is* the fashion when i
yrochfs are intended for speed. Her pres- i
est owner, Robert. .Vincent, stiffened and j
Mr'er.gtheijed her greatly, putting on a i
tl'ree ar»d a half ton iron shoe as outstde !
1 ¦.-.;'..o«-t: - Early this season she was re- {
'bnllt "front, the waterllne by Howard j
Praju who laid' out her sail plan. Then j
Jchn-J. Sherry cut nine feet off her top
"mast and reduced her superfluous stand
irig rigging. She Is now doing excellent
work.- She is a good boat In hf-avy
weather, as was proved on her return
from a trip up the Sacramento River, i
•After" -passing the Brothers lighthouse she I
pot Into' balf a- gale. A strong gust off
the El Campo shore broke the pin of her
peering gear and the foot of the yawl
Vtruck the rocks to the south of Paradise
Cov*. •
The wind being off shore, the yacht
sailed off at high speed, the men on board
having a hard t&ek to get her canvas in.
1 All her anchor cable was let out. but
no " L siding- ground was found. Off the j
'lower Southampton Shoal buoy the an
chor 1 eld.. At last the wind lightened and
the cujw turned in. J. J. Sherry made
ir'jury rudder and steered her into the
•¦reek .in the afternoon. The yawl draws
six feet of -water without her board and
«i.n the river trip was able to reach Riv
erside with Mr. and Mrs. Vincent, J. J.
Sherry and B. Benard. ;
The little .sloop Flirt, formerly owned
California Sailors Visit Sau
salito This Evening and
Sail Outside the Heads
CORINTHIAN
TARS CRUISE
TO PARADISE
8Insane Man Shows Fight.
The members of the Gaelic Athletic
Association will* hold a meeting at the
Knights of the Red Branch Hall on Mis
sion street to-morrow afternoon to make
preliminary arrangements for a great field
day. The big event will take place on
Thanksgiving day at Ingleside Park.
Gaelic games of all descriptions are on
the programme and the event will be the
most notable yet held under the auspices
of the league.
Prepare for Gaelic Field Day.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 2.—To
morrow afternoon the varsity eleven .will
meet the Reliance football team in the
second game of the series with the club
men. Since the club team has held down
both the rival university elevens to a 0
to 0 score, the contest to-morrow will
prove of unusual interest. v'. ,
Some changes may be made In the car
dinal llne-un. but the personnel of tho
two teams will be largely the samo as it
was two weeks ago. Weller, '07, who has
been playing tackle, is being tried at full
back and will probably appear in the
game at that position. The loss of Mc-
Gllvray at fullback has proved a hard
blow to the varsity. The coaches are
using every endeavor to get a strong man
to replace him. -.:;"? ~
The freshman eleven will go to Santa
Clara to-morrow to play the Santa Clara
College eleven on the college gridiron.
Football at Stanford.
SEATTLE. Wash.. Oct. 2.— Seattle and Oak
land played nve innings in a drizzling rain to
day and Seattle won. as much by good luck as
anything «lse. Score:
Seattle 1 2 0 1 0- 4 6 2
Oaklapd 00010—1 5 -
Batteries— St Vrairt and Byers; Graham and
Gorton. Umpire — O'Connell.
Seattle Defeats Oakland.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS, j.
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First race — Kiowa Chief, Lady
Fonso, Harbor.
Second race — Postman, Little
Lois, Silver Fizz.
Third race — Brancas, Folies
Bergeres, Ben Adkins.
Fourth race — Hilee, Bridge, Lady
Strathmore.
Fifth race — Stand Pat, Aladdin,
Flintlock.
Sixth race — Sweet Charity, De
test, Our Lillie.
Seventh race — Last Knight, Star
Gazer, Kingstelle.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
ST LOUIS Oct. 2. — St. LouU entries:
First race, flvo and a half furlong", two
year-olds and up — Lady Fonso 92. Caybon 87.
Hatharty 97. Matt Wadleigh 92. Port Warden
00. Second Mate 110, Siddara 112, Eliza Cook
1(D Nellie Cromwell 97. Harbor 00. Foghorn
87 Lady Draper 107. Conspicuous 102, Ultra
Vires 102. Klowa Chief 87.
Second race, one mile and seventy yards.
cpi'.intr three-year-oM» and up — Varner lOo,
Helen 'Hay 100. Harrv K 100. Little Lois I**),
Silver Fizz 95. Blrdslayer 94. El Caney 101.
Quiet 111 Little Henry 1O">. Belle Simpson 100.
Postman 04. Aransas 05, Pilaster 95. Whltmore
100 General Dix &4.
Third race, six furlongs, t wo- year-old 9—
Tootsey Mack 100. Folles Berfferea 100. Bran
cas 107. Ben Adkins 104, Orion 100. Miss Craw
°Fourth race. October selling stakes, six fur
jong!» Bridge 1C2. Lady Strathmore ICO, HIlec
Fifth race, one mile, three-year-old!* and up —
Flintlock 102. Mai lory 05, Macy 105, Stand Pat
07 Aladdin 1C5.
Sixth race five and a half furlongs, two
year-olds and up— Interrogation 5)2, Overhand
02 Radium 02. Huckleberry Finn 95. SI Ah
100 Scotch Dance 95. Wilhelmlna 107, Our
Llliie 92 W. P Palmer 02. Detest 107. Sweet
Charity 1C9, Tom Mankins 95, General Prig
110. George W. Dasch 110.
Seventh race, one mile and seventy yards.
Felling three-year-olds and up— Tros 100. Lln
denella IOC. Kingstelle OS. Morris Volmer 100.
Reducer 100. El Key 106, Star Gazer 100. Lost
Knight 107. - '.'^
Weather cloudy: track good.
Stolen bases — Smith 2. Hoy. 'Wheeler, Hal).
Errors — Shay 2. Wheeler. •Toman 2. Three
base hit — Cravath. Two-base hits — Cravath.
Toman. Spies. Dtllon. Sacrifice hlts^ — Toman.
Dillon. First base en errors — San Francisco 2.
Lo» Angeles 2. First base on called balls — Oft
Ib«nr 1, ofT Hall 2. Left on bases— San Fran
cisco B, Ix>a Aneeles 0. Struck out — By Iberg
3 bv Hall 1. Double plays — Toman to Dillon
2! Time of game — One hour and 35 minutes.
Umpire — McDonald. ;
SUMMARY.
San Francisco.... 0 0000000&— 0
Base hits 0 0101000 1—3
Lo« Aageles O 2 5 0 12 0 1 x— 11
Base hits 0 4 6 0 8 2 0 1 x — 18
The way Ham rberg*s offerings were
clouted is sorrowful to relate. Every An
gel on the team was willing and ready to
take a chance at on© of Ham's
shoots. They were charitable enough to
let the first innlns pass without landing
any solar plexus wallops. They began to
get busy In the second, and then.it was
curtains. First they inaugurated the
gamo of laying 'em down for bunts. "When
they grew tired of this diversion they
would swing savagely, and the ball gen
erally disappeared in th© wilderness. The
long blnglc3 were made generally when
the bags were well decorated with south
ern base runners, so what followed can
be imagined as easily as explained.
More pretty bunts were laid down on
the third base line yesterday than on any
previous occasion In the history of Rec
reation Park. Fully half of the sixteen
Angel hits were made in this way. Little
Raymond did not know whether he wa3
on a ball field or a ballroom floor when
the giants began to roll the ball in his
territory. Dillon was the best man at
this game, beating: out four.
Hall for the Angels had the homo
stickers safely under the spell of his fast
ball in every Inning. They never made
any kind of a bid for a run. He was well
supported— and, for that matter, so was
Iberg— the nlayera being so busy hitting
out clean drives they forgot all about
making errors .for the time being.
Bobby Eagar, who once caught for Sac
ramento when the league was not as fast
as it is .now. was given a -chance behind
the bat in the last two innings. He did
not have a show to 3hine. but he works
like a good backstop. Ho will soon be
given plenty to do. If he makes good
Morley will have him on his staff for next
season. The score:
San Francisco — Los Angeles —
AB. R. H. P..A AB. R. H. P.A.
Shav.s... 4 0 10 fny.cf.. 4 10 0 0
Meany.rf 4 6 O 1 i Vh!er.2b R 2 Z 1 4
Krug.cf. 4 f> f> O ( *mith.3b 5 10 13
Pab!«t.Ib. 4 0 O 12 1 Olllrtn.lb 4 3 4 lrt ft
Lynch.lf. 3 0 0 2 0 Crvth.rf. 5 2 3 A 1
Delms.2b 2 0 0 .*! 2 Ross.lf.. 4 13 10
Zearfan.c .T O 2 « 1 Toman.s. 3 1 2 S 4
Rymd.Sb 3 O O 0 ( Tp!e.«.e. . 3 O 2 3 t
Iberg.p.. 3 0 0 0 2 Hall.p... 4 0 0 0 1
Eagar.c. 10 0 0 0
Totals 30 0 3 2» ID
.] Totals 33 11 18 27 1*
RUNS AND HIT3 BT INNINGS.
thought to b« about tho limit, but
tha same trick was turned again yester
day and the Angels landed with tha goods
by the same score— U to 0. How tho fans
can stand for it no one knows, but
they do.
THE harrowing' scenes at Recreation
Park continue to take place with
regularity. Thursday's game was
•W. L.Fct-1 "W. I* Pet.
Los Angelea.ioa 69 .63fl Portland ... Tl 83 .456
San Fran... 9<> 81 .52« Seattl* 60 89 .436
Sacramento. 85 80 .515 Oakland .... 75 89 .431
STANDING OF 1 THE CLUBS.
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs: selling:
Betting. Hcrse. Weight. Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
8 to 1— Sid Silver 101 (Taylor).. 1 « 1 h
5 to 1— Miss Manners. 97 (Austin) -4422
10 to 1— Weird. 103 (Calvlt) 3 1 32
Time 1:15. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner J 'j Ogle's b. c. by Slddartha-SIlver Ban
gle." Theory 105. Gua Lanka 105, Lady Idrls
93, Ailyar 1C0. also ran. "\ • "
FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs: selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
S to 5 — Jigger 107 (Birkmruth). .. 5 4 1 Vi
7 to 1— Macbeth. 1C7 (Wallace).... 2 3 2 *-i
7 to 1— Helen Print. 107 (Smith).. 6 tt 3 V»
Time l:28'i. Start good. Won driving.
Winner W H. Wheeler & Co.'a ch. g. by
St. Jullen-Princess Himyar. Dynasty 102.
Cogswell 107 Auies 107. Irene Mac 99. Al
berac 107. Cardona 87. also ran.
FOURTH RACE — Mile and seventy yards;
purse :
Betting. How Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
.1 to 1— Aladdin, 103 (Sheehan)... 4 3 11%
IS to 5-^Rengnw 95 (Livingston). 1 1 2 nit
8 to 5— Ada N 1C0 (Culvtt) 5 4 3 2
Time, 1:43%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, O. C. Bennett & Co.'n b. c. by St. George-
Merry Wise. Glennevi* 08. Josie F 05, aUo
ran.
THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
purre:
Bettins. Horse. Weight. Jo .-key. St. % Fin.
10 to 1 — Sadie Bureri. lot! (Gllmore) 1 2 1 h
15 to 1— L. F. Knight. 1O« (Smith) tt 6 2 1*4
9 to 2— Mendon. 10« (Miller) 7 8 Z V*
Time, l:0i»H. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, H. Pfelffer's h. I. by Loyalist-La Duch
ess. Ingolthrift 109. Ario 1C3. Huckleberry
Finn 109. Ida Davi» 108. Honey Bee 100,
Klngsboro 109. Walterin 100, also ran.
SECOND RACE — One and an eighth milfs;
selling:
Betting. Hon?-. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
fi to 5 — Tho Bobby. 107 (J. Taylor) 6 7 1 1 V,
11 to 5 — Kunja. 102 (Austin) 7 1 22
15 to 1— HAgira. 95 (George) 4 2 32
Time, 1:55%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. J. J. Oele f s ch. r. by Inspector B-Fansy
Blossom. W. B. Gates 110. Paronet 104. Model
Monarch DS. Belle Simpson 104, Varner 00, also
ran. .;-.' ".' . '.'•'¦
FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; pun*:
Betting. Horse. "Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— Denzel. 10T» (Buchanan).... 5 2 1 nk
4 to 1— Prince Hartley, 108 (Taylor) 8 6 2h
7 to 2— Swift Candle. 106 (SheeBan) 7 3 3 nk
Tim*. 1:15»,. Mart Ktod. Won driving.
Winner. W. FleMs & Co.'s ch. c. by Decejver-
Sallie IIII. Silver Plush 105. Tobellarlus 105,
Gossiper 106. Crcscerton 1<V*. Wine and •tong
105. Wlneland 107, Catherine Knox 105, Tcrae
cula 105, Solo II 105, also ran.
ST. LOUIS, Octi 2.— The last day's
racing at Delmar Park was attend
ed by a large crowd, attracted by
an excellent card, pleasant weather
and a fast track.
The feature event, the fourth race, a
purse affair at a mile and seventy yards,
was won by Aladdin. The Bennett colt
was gfven a good ride by. Sheehan and at
the end won rather handily.
The other races were hotly contested
and some lively sport \ras enjoyed.
Special Dispatch to The CaJl.
Final Day at Delmar Fur
nishes a Good Card With
Some Exciiing Contests
Natives Strive Vainly to
Locate Hall's Curves, but
Never Cross the Plate
Ham Iberg's Offerings Are
Pounded to Every Corner
of Recreation Diamond
Sheehan Gives the Bennett
Colt a Rattling Ride
and Wins Out Handily
NEAT RACE
IS GAINED
BY ALADDIN
ANGELS RUN
THE BASES
TILL DUSK
Tommy Sullivan Wins Fierce Fight.
KANSAS CITY, Oct. 2.— Tommy Sul
livan, was given the decision , over Kid
Herman to-night after twenty rounds of
fierce fighting.
LEXINGTON, Ky:, Oct. 2.— Eliott "v7.
Shanklin, secretary of the Kentucky
Trotting Horse Breeders' Association,
dropped dead in his office to-day of or
ganic heart disease, aged 41. years.'--" Until
last winter he was a member of the horse
sales firm of Woodard & Shanklin. *
Noted Horseman Dies.
A swimming race at 100 yards was de
cided last night at the Olympic Club. D.
Vecki won the first heat in 1:27, with
Duckett Becond. The second heat was
won .by Ferem in 1:25; Freeman second.
The third heat was won by Mason in
1:21 3-5; Reardori ! second.. The final re
sulted in a dead. heat between. Vecki and
Freeman; time 1:28. J. J. Gleason acted
as referee and starter. William Eager
and Ed Healy were the judges.
Dead Heat in Swimming Race.
Orval Overall's Injured ankle forces him
to use crutches, and he will not be able
to play: in the football game against the
naval school men from Goat Island to
day on the Berkeley campus. The team
will be further crippled by the withdrawal
of ,Reed, Gray, Graves, Whipple and
Belknap on account of slight injuries.
The team will probably line up in the fol
lowing order: Stroud, center; Stow, right
guard; Heltmuller, left guard; Howard,
right tackle; Forse, left tackle; Hudson,
right end; Demerritt, left end; RIsley,
Snedigar and Muther, backs; Boynton,
fullback; More, quarterback.
Football Men Are Injured.
In the finals he beat Sidney Smith. This
was the most interestlne match of the
tourney. Smith won the first set 6-2, and
It seemed he would win the series easily.
Hellman won tho second set Just as easily.
The real struggle came in the third.
Hellman won 6-4, but . play was much
closer than the score indicates. By_ win
ning yesterday Hellman earned the right
to play Herbert Long for the champion
ship of the school. -
The unexpected happened yesterday on
the California tennis courts. Abe Hell
man created great surprise when he car
ried off the principal honors in the Low
ell High School tournament. Play was
finished down to the semi-finals on Wed
nesday and of the four players left Hell
man was considered to have the poorest
chance. In his first match he beat Brad
ley Wallace in straight sets.
Abe'Hellman Carries Off the Highest
Honors in Lowell High School
Tournament.
TENNIS MATCH RESULTS
IN UNEXPECTED VICTORY
' At the Merchants' Exchango yesterday
evening the trophies won at the regatta
of. the Pacific Interclub Yacht Associa
tion were distributed to the winners or
their representatives. The owner of the
sloop Ruby, winner in the twenty-foot
class, received the Law cup, a blue flag
and a certificate, while the owner of the
Mistral, to which second place was
awarded, took a. red flag and a certificate.
In the thirty-foot, thirty-six-foot, forty
four-foot and yawl classes the wlnnera
received a Macdonough cup, a blue asso
ciation flag and a certificate,- and the
owners of the boats taking second places
carried off a red flag and a certificate.
The boats which won trophies in addi
tion to the • foregoing .were: Thirty-foot
class. Challenger first, Helen second; yawl
.class, ¦ Iola first, Gypsie second; . thlrty
"six-foot class, Harpoon first, Edna sec
ond; forty- four-foot class, Speedwell first.
Nixie second. T. J. Kavanaugh;. presi
dent, and R. R. I'Hommedieu,. secretary
of the Pacific • Interclub ; Yacht Associa
tion, were in charge of. the distribution
of tho trophies. .
Clips and Flags Won in Annual Re
gatta on Admission Bay Are
: Distributed, 'i
wind shield and over a track that
was rendered a full two seconds slow be
cause ,of the rains of last night. The
gelding was accompanied by but one run
ner. Mart Demarest drove him. The
racing dragged throughout the afternoon
and when darkness came only two events
had been finished. Summary:
2:17 pace, purse $1000. two In three — Daniel
J won second and third heats in 2:10%, 2:lHi.
Dlrectum Miller won first heat in 2:10}i.
Ethel Mack. Irish Elder, C O D, Dutch Mow
ry. Black Pet, Money Musk and Charlie C
also started.
2:02 pace, purse $1500. two in three — Harold
H won second and third heats in 2:05, 2:00.
Daniel won first heat in 2:07. Dan R and
Captain Sphinx also started.
To beat 1:59 pacing — Prince Alert (Mart
Demarest). lost. Time by quarters, :30%.
1:00% l:."<ltt, 2:01.%.
Tho'Cllfton 2:09 pace, purse $2000, three In
five (unfinished)— Joellsce won first and »ec
ond heats in 2:0«, 2:10. Earon Rogers won
third and fourth heats in 2:10^, 2:10. Joe
Pointer Cubanola. Byrl Wllkes, Robert I.
Milton H Miss Wilmot. Trilby Direct, Colonel
Loomls and New Richmond also started.
2*10 trot purse $1000, two in three (un
finished) — Gray Gem won first heat in 2:11U-
Grade Miller Panthia. Millard Sanders, Aus
tin Boy Ben Potts. Pat Ford. Direct View.
Almertlon, Ononta and Countess Allca also
started.
YACHT OWNEBS B.ECEIVE
MACDON0UGH TROPHIES
CINCINNATI, Oct. 2.— Prince Alert
paced a mile in 2:01% at Oakley
Park this afterncon without the
Prince Alert Scores a Bnl
liarit Trial Against Time
Over a Rather Slow Track
PACER GOES
FAST MILE
AT OAKLEY
have met in several tournaments, with
the honors generally in favor of Miss An
thony, and her chances of adding the ti
tle of national champion to that of West
ern champion are considered bright. This
will be the first time the national cham
pionship has been won by a. Western
woman golfer.
¦ The semi-finals in the women's national
golf championship to-day brought out the
largest galleries of the week, notwith
standing the threatening" weather. A
cold north wind was blowing when Miss
Carpenter and Miss Harley, the first pair
to start,- teed oft shortly after 10 o'clock
for their thirteen-hole Btruggle. A gal
lery of several hundred followed' the Os
good-Anthony and the Carpenter-Harley
matches. The medal scores for both
games:
MIhs J. Anna Carpenter vs. Miss Catherine
Harley:
Carpenter —
Out C 5 4 7 8 8 5 5 4—52
In 4 4 0 7 6 6 6 5 x — 14—06
Harley —
Out 7 4 5 7 5 8 6 5 4—61
In 4 0 7 7 5 S 5 5 x — 17— 08
Miss Fannie Osgood vs. Miss Bessie An
thony: -,.<".?
Opgood —
Out 7 4 5 5 7 7 C 5 4—50
In 3 4 5 S 0 5 5 4 6— 4&— 03
Anthony —
Out ., C 4 5 5 5 fl 6 4 4 — 15
In 5 4 6 C 5 6 6 6 5 — 19—94
NOTED WOMEN GOLFERS WHO WILL MEET TO-DAY IN THE FINAL
MATCH OF A TOURNAMENT TO DECIDE WHICH SHALL HOLD
THE TITLE OF AMERICAN CHAMPION.
Cleveland 3 9 ; 1
St. Louis 1 7 1
Batteries — Rhodes and Abbott; Hackett and
Coveney. . ¦ ,
Nationals '. fi 10 1
Americana 1 8 1
Batteries — Welmer and Kllng; "White and
Sullivan.
CLEVEAND, Oct. 2. — The Cleveland Ameri
can League team won from the St. Louis Na
tionals again to-day. Attendance, 600. Score:
m
National Leaguers Beat Americans.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 2.— The Philadelphia
Nationals beat the Philadelphia Americans to
day. Score :
R. H. E.
Nationals 0 7 0
Americans 1 5 2
Batteries — Sparks and Dooln; Plank, Finance
and Powers.
CINCINNATI. Oct. 2.— The Nationals of Cin
cinnati easily took the last game of the series
from the Americans of St. Louis to-day. Har
per was in fine form and let down his old team
mates with only five hits. Attendance 963.
Score :
> R. H. E.
Cincinnati .*. 7 8 1
St. Louis 0 S 2
Batteries— Harper and Peitz; Morgan and
Sugden.
CHICAGO. Oct. 2.— The Nationals won the
second game to-day by hard hitting in the
first and third innings. Attendance, 3200.
Score :
R. H. E.
After the walkover of the Pirates yes
terday a Boston victory by any old mar
gin would have brought joy to the local
rooters. When Parent threw out Clarke
to Lachance in the ninth inning, ending
the game with a necklace of ciphers as
Pittsburgh sole reward, the enthusiasm
of the fans gave way to a demonstration
the like of which has never been seen
on a Boston ball field. Out of the grand
stand and bleachers hundreds of specta
tors tumbled pell-mell and, seizing big
Bill Dineen, the hero of the day, before
he had a chance to escape, they bore him
aloft in triumph, \v*w.e hundreds and
hundreds of others, delirious with joy,
did the whirling dervish act around the
diamond until compelled to stop through
sheer exhaustion.
Never since he began his career on the
slab has Dineen twirled in more masterly
fashion th8n he diil to-day. Leever did
not live up to his reputation. Boston se
cured three hits off him, Including a
home run and a double, in the first in
ning, besides a pass. This was too much
for Clarke, who promptly ordered him to
the bench for the remainder of the game
and sent Vail in to take -up tho burden.
The youngster did well, but his work suf
fered by contrast with that of Dineen.
With each team having a victory to its
credit speculation is rife about to-mor
row's prospects. Attendance, 9400. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston 3 0 0
Pittsburg 0 3 2
Batteries — Dineen and Crlcer; Leever, Vail
and Smith.
noon the champions of the Ameri
can League turned the tables on their
National League rivals of Pittsburg, win
ning a sensational game — the second in
the world's championship .series— by the
decisive score of 3 to 0.
BOSTON, Oct. 2.— Glad are the fans
of Boston and joyous are Jimmy
Collins and his men, for this after-
Fpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
Staid Beaneaters Are Carried
Off Their Feet by Their
Ball Team's Great Victory
PITTSBURG
IS SHUT OUT
BY BOSTON
Judge Seawell yesterday heard argu
ment in the case of Joseph A. Kelly
against the Sutro Railroad Company. The
suit Is the outcome of the amalgamation
of the various lines. Kelly claims that
the directors of the Sutro road, of which
he is a stockholder, acted illegally in vot
ing to consolidate , because it reduced the
value of his stock and worked a hardship
upon him and other small stockholders.
Railroad Suit Argued.
OARSMEN WELL HONOR
* - • MEMORY* OF EX-CAPTAIII
Clu'ns About the Bay Arrange Bene
*" fit Performance for Widow of
: . • .William H. Thomas.
The mjSBtberi of the South End Rowing
* <T»ijb-are working earnestly to make a
. *ueceFa.f*f the benefit for the widow of
i.ViHSam ft Thom%s.
Fop year.s Mr. Thomas was Identified
¦witli rowing .on this, bay, being captain of
•the South Ends. It was his tireless ener
py his -knowledge of rowing which
plifced" tUe .representatives of the South
End C*lub irr- the fr*>nt rank of oarsmen.
.Th^ benefit, will Mtcma* the form of a
52 vaudPTllle entertainment and dance at
' . Native Son<r HalL on Thursday evening,
tne-22d insL The affair is in charge of
< J - L. I Icrget.. \r. Richards, John Daly,
, Fred Webster I* Riordan, John Tralnor,
3 Jo>»n McCarthy and Judge Al Fritz. The
bt>at clubs" about the bay are all inter-
in the success of the affair.
Noted Sporting Writer Here.
IEd TV. Mills, sporting editor of the
Baffala Tlrn.es, paid San Francisco a
flying trip the past week. Ed is an ac
comrVlfh^d writer on all events transpir
ing in the athletic world and the only
regret the many friends he made while
here was that his visit was such a brief
one. lie was accompanied by his brother,
G. R. MiXs. also a newspaper man in
the Ettidre State.
COUPEVILL-E, Oct. 2.— The annual field
trials ended here Thursday. The I>erby,
stake was won by Uncle Joe, owned by
J. A. Peebles of Seattle; the Engrllsh set
ter Velita, owned by John Schumaker of
Los Angeles, was second, and third
money was divided between Clncinnatus
Nat, owned by E. B. Roy of Seattle, and
Count Whltstone's Chief, owned by N.
A. Weeden. The Lady, owned by Joseph
Terry of Sacramento, won the all-age
stake and in second place was Fleet, be
longing to William Paulsell of Seattle.
Kilgarif, owned also by Terry, was third.
Sportsmen were present from all parts
of the coast and the trials were among
the most satisfactory ever held. "\
Seattle Dog Wins Derby Stake.
Racing Results at North Yakima,
NORTH YAKIMA, Wash., Oct. 2.— Results:
2:11 pace — Francisco won, Sam Bowers aec
ond, Seai Lock tlUrd. Time, 2:12.
2:43 trut — Htlle i?torm won, Belade second,
H H H third. Time, 2:,18.
One mile — Winwood won, Fondo second. Gold
Finder third. Tim», 1 :42>/4.
Quarter of a mile — Queen T won, Dixie ecc
ond. Time. .42%.
Racine at The Dalles.
THE DALLES. Or., Oct. 2.— Results:
Ore mile trot — Package won, Phil N second,
Eur.rlse third. Time, 2:2S.
One mile — Glicsando won, Esperando second.
Casual*; third. Time. 1:48.
Three furlong? — JJig Dutch won. Prince sec
ond. Split Ear third. Time, :3S.
Four furlongs — B. C. Green won. Big Dutch
second. Hover third. Time. :51.
Four furlongs — Frank won, Mamie B second,
Pointer third. Time. :55. ' .'.'. •
Tioga. •
. Second race — Delagoa, Burnie
Bunton, Cognomen.
Third race — Proceeds, Dick Ber
nard, English Lad.
Fourth race — Our Bessie, Linguist,
By Ways.
Fifth race — Colonial Girl, Ancke,
Wainamoinen.
Sixth race — Rabunta, Little Elkin,
Fingal.
B3' the Cliicaero Inter Ocean.
First race — Redan, Bensonhurst,
HARLEM SELECTIONS.
HARLEM ENTRIES.
CHICAGO. Oct. 2. — Harlem entries:
Fir?t race, five and a half furlongs, selling —
Jim A. Long 105, Redan 1O3. Ethel Wheat 100,
Slocorlto l>0, Klmberly 99, Tioga 9S, IJenson
hurst i)~. Stemwinder 06, FlrFt Attempt 04,
Mayor Johnson 90, Jake Gre«nburg 02.
Second race. five furlong?, handicap —
Schwalbe 106, Burnie Eunton 106, Delagoa 111.
Cognomen 02, Stemwinder 85. Red Raven 05,
Mayor Johnson 00. Bensonhurst ««, Eva's
tiarling 35. Durbar 80, Mabel Winn 9S.
Third race, seven furlongs. Forward FtaUes —
English Led 123. Dick Bernard 121, J. P. May
berry 113, Leila 1CS, Proceeds 12C.
Fourth race, one and an eighth miles, handi
cap — Linguist 107. Harry New 101. Potheen
K.I, By Ways 101, Our Bessie 100, Miracle
II fc*.
Fifth race, one mile — Lee fitlnpon 106. Thane
JO.". St. Tammany 103, Wainamoinen 103,
Olonlal Girl 103, Ancke 98. The Don 97.
Sixth race, one and a quarter miles, selling —
Fingal 104, Pirateer 104. Goldaga 102. Sweet
Tor.th 103, Trocadero K>0. Rabunta 100. Mi*s
Liza 09, Little Elkin 94. Prince Blazes 89,
O'Hapen 90, Captain llamm 90, Give All 94.
Weather cloudy; tract fast.
SIXTH RACE — One mile and ICO yards; sell-
Irg.
Dotting. Bane. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fip.
.'i to 2— Olenrlce. 101 (Wilson)... 3 2 11
Even— Alfred C. 113 (Pollak)... 2 1 2 nk
1C0 to 1 — Capt. Hamm,112 (Wllm*) 4 3 3 nk
Time, 1:47. t=tart good. Won handily.
Winner. J. C. Bray & Co.'s b. f. by Dr. Rlce-
Clenore. Flcuron 113, Mezzo 102. Florence H
103, Cnrate 112, Kedrliffe 111, Frince Blazes
112| alro ran.
F1KST RACE — Six furlongs; purse:'
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 1— Mansard, 110 <Otis> 3 11 3V4
5 to .1— U Crawford. 102 Spencer) 4 4 2 4
20 to 1— Merry Flight. 103 (Farrell) 2 5 3 n
Time. 1:12 4-S. Start Rood. Won easily.
Winner. K. J. Smith'? b. jr. by Florist-Fedai
ma. Mary Lavann 100, IiattlA Walker 105,
Klorcstan 102. Dodona ll>2, Ze^ho 110, Can Nell
102. alto ran.
SECOND RACE— Steeplechase, short course;
handicap:
Bptting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. 3 i Fin.
2 to 1 — J. K. Owens. 127 <Johnsn) K ." 1 '•»
10 to 1— Allinc Abbnt.127 <Seaton> <5 4 2 rk
G to 1— FalPlia. 1*2 (G. v.llson).. 3 13 3\4
Time, 3:331-6. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. J. W. Fuller's b. h. by Fordham-HiKh
lanc) r>elle. 'Oolden Link lTi.s. Itacatiara 12«!,
Ceylon 15a Laura K 125. al«=o ran. First Vast
134 fell. Mr. Rose 334 threw rider.
THIRD RACE— One mile; purse:
Rtting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
14 to fi — Stuyve. 104 (Wonderly) . .. 4 111
13 to 1— T. O'Phanirr. 05 (Robnins) 3 1 2 n
3 to 4 — TaMm. 1O4 <Fcrrell) 12 3 2
Time. l:4l>2-r>. Start good. Won handily.
Winner, F. Ii. Louterman'p b. P. by Stuyve
sant-Katie A. Warte Nlcht OS, liragg 107,
Tawas 10, also ran.
•FOURTH RACE— Six f-jrlon^s; relline.
Betting. Horfe. Weight. Jockey. St. K Fin.
«» to 10— GlisUn. !>4 <Nlcol) 5 «i 1 2
7 to 1 — Dorice. 5>3 (Spencer) 13 2 2'-4
2Ti to 1— S^l Smith. 101 (Knapp).. 3 .1 3 3
Time. 1 :14 :!-. r >. Ftart socd. Won e^nlly.
Winner, F. Cook's ch. f. by Knieht of Ellers
lir-Bt!ove<l. Fly Lady 9S. Mary Hill 93, S.lvffr
Spianer M. Toltec 1C1, also ran.
FIFTH R.\CE— Five furlong: purye.
Betting. Hor?e, Weight. Jockey. Ft. *4 Fin.
4 to T — Clifton Force. 113 (Otis).. 1112
40 to 1— Tckalon, 04 (Ferrell) 5 7 2 h
2 to 1— Toledo. 103 (Wcnderly) . .. 2 2 3 1
Time. 1 :CO 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. L. S. Sire's ch. c. by Handsome-IlMs
ecf. Tariola !)5. J. P. Maybcrry 101, Bill V.'al
ttr«J>4, Kos Lake- 1»7. al?o- ran.
year. Th© entire field of nine with
the exception of Laura K raced closely
bunched almost the entire distance, until
Mr. Rose threw his rider at the eighth
jump. Then First Past fell at the ninth
Jump, leaving tho remainder of the field
to fight It out in a gruelling finish.
Mr. Rose kept in the course well up
with his field and turned into the main
track as though guided by *a rider, and
then showed great gameness In a long
hard drive with John E. Owens, which
he beat out by . a length. Incidentally,
John E. Owens was made the medium of
a killing, being b'acked from 3 to 1 to 2
to 1 at post time.
"While tho other events were closely
contested And interesting, there was no
especial feature. Three favorites won.
The track was at its best and the weather
was cloudy and warm. It was one of 'the
largest Friday crowds that ever passed
through the Harlem gates. Summary: "
CHICAGO, Oct. 2.— The steeplechase
at Harlem to-day was one of the
most brilliant exhibitions seen this
Special Dispatch to The Call.
liORRISPARK SELECTIONS.
f'.y thf !?ew Xork- Morning Telegraph.
First race — Thomas entry, Aris
tocrdcy, Drake entry.
Second race — Land of Clover,
Xavator, Fulminate.
Third race — , The Minute Man,
"Wotan, Beldame.
Ftmrth race — Burdette, Emerg
ency, Sallet
Fifth /race — Major Daingerfield,
Douro, Surmise.
. Sixth" race — Gold Van, Jose Cobb,
CincinnjStus. "
J.^'KW T^rt'X. Oct. 2. — Morris Park entries:
;..• Fjrft race, ypvon furloncs of Withers mfl<\
li'l .tetu ' IIfTHd« 122. Young Henry 119, Ic«
.tr«t»r ijtt. JMack FtaC 112, Runnf.ls 122, Hith
• rh.ir.*>n»T 110. tlVibacil 03, Aristocracy V2,
C»-".er»l MHini 1'5. Himself 115, Mamie Worth
fl<'. l^a Jltisrell 1C7, Flamrr.ula i»2.
* Sproiid rac- abmut thrf* and a half miles,
Cham£ii(«n Et*»plechase — «Inziber 163, . Land of
I Clover 1C7,. L-ivator »"U, Judge Phillirs 170.
Uarcn ftSpa-'ltX. Rw:gc-d Cavalier 152. Ful
'mJnate 1 *!«¦•«, Va!<i«« J<:5. IJorouirh 100. Carrior
E l."i' \ c e«f Protection 1C5, Silver Twist
r -- srh!»^ c rare!. NiiBFer^- Jiandicap, Eclipse eourse
•^fnnrjnd^s BIsm '125. The Minute Man 325.
-.r.<-lda.rne I1C. Lady Amelia* 11<!. Grenade US,
¦'•J:*c<» MIns. 114, DivlTMition ir»C. AVotan 107,
-ifline^i» 1<;7 Cro*n- Prince idO, Kohinoor 1C5.
. MaBVSaardf 105. Greencresf 9S, Ruth Tarrish
S*2.« EIUWKtbl 115.
' '. Prjrfh • rase, five ar.d a half furlonc^ of
' 7~'-!i['<«e cKurpe ttvo-yar-ol-if, wllinB — Donnelly
'-"'?¦> riird°tt<» 103. Golden Mineral Bd, Monet
-101. jTV-iFti* Heath<v 1C3. Pallet W, Kairle 10<i,
Tharlif Fi^lyr !»fl, Tol San 93, Mordtlla »1.
KdwJ^ds Ssi». Mlmon «t, San Hemo H2,
i ¦?:?r.f-r«?<'nry !>rt. M, Th«. 94, "Gold Tip fl2, Oga
•3al« >¦:•, Hvinic I»4.
..J'ifth race, one and three-quartr-r miles,
t vrr".»he "hill, Municipal — Major PainperfltM
13B I»- Ar» Il>. Cauchnawaw H : >. Hunter
• ]:/.V 108, i:uc»-nia IJurch 10T». Alabarcn 97,
• 03, V.'Hrranted M(.
Six^r-r.-jce,'- Withers mil". FPlling— Joe Cobb
I< ( '.. T'^iic J<i0. Flara 101, Gold Van 110. Rooky
. l'»4. OiuVider Hit, Knue 103, Cinclnnatua 101,
•n ¦ jndAler im>.
\»>-ather clear: track fart.
MOB-SIS -FAKK KNTRIES.
cP!ra<e wnrTmade'sr" rVd-hot favorito and
¥ on »ir.5er tl rlrlvc fr"om Hoodwink.
"BS&tZ-Avti&afe the clubhouse comrals
riarscr.'UdoWiiii-.Pirate up*tb$1700, but an
extra J5 retalfcfV. the horse. He was c»
*f-r>d tf.be goid for S5>). Summary:
pt&T li.KCjr.-ii?i\ing; nurJle race for
\f-.Tfe.\<-*T-o\A* and U ;.; one and a half hailes;
©\*<r em* hufc-llrs:
&**&*¦? Jf*3f. VCoisht. J-vkpy.- Pt. -% Fin.
¦ s ?., ., — Ohai>wind.. 107 (Gray) . . 3 - :>- 1 h
.Ik to 1— rUTiUKhtsniaB. .ir,.{ (\Vilen) 5 3 2 0
12 to I— The Kival. US «ConceIly). 10 3 2
* r>me. 2:&a. HtsVt goM. Won easily.- Win
,.J)cr. L. V. l?rfj s *.*jr. .by Chara^us-Helmwlnd.
.CSxaling JM. Kxtra\agafita LS3. McGrtthiana
¦JM^lJla*^ Weotfi 1*2. also ran.
PEfcoil) Hac,*:- H;»ntfiea*p; for tv.o-ycar
totting. .Hnjw, *.f«ri«rht. Jo-Uey. St. *J Fin.
„%'¦£ iul — UooartJc" ivz- fijulln&n) 1 2 1 h
-• tp.l — I'iV*.. Sfone. 108 (Gcjnnpn) 212 IV,
• Bll to J.— Cf9im;.]ain. !)<• <CaMahai;r3 ' 3 « h'
; > T;m?. -l.:(V 4."' * fitart fc<**l- Won driving.
tHsaer, d. -\V. Schorr j- tr. c. by . Handsi>m<.'
,Vin». Haranjxi* 101, Hollo 105, Valour 105,
R&1& «**, State** US Boxwood 115. Uuby lling
• fc£ MonrWfp^lQ, a.Lfto tan.
?THIP.r» IlACE--rhf Manh>ttan handicap; for
fm> |><»r^iil<t» and upward: EciljMe course:
° ErttiBg- UpraS. W'oislit. Jbclcey. St. -\ Fin.
ili'.io l-iCa^sr.i&n. I«U (Bnr&s) 4 "i 12
•,•; r>— jJ«u« Curia. !12*<CMoni)^«. 1 5 23
? to I'-^Uni JE»epp*r. ll« (Gray) v . 5 3 11%
Vim*- 1 :VJ. • Mart rood., \>'on clcvtrly. Wiu
,-^.-r..F, LS. Hitchcvkg ctj. by Uathampton
•'•ast'alir. V.^a 'Tiijinc 1CV, EeoBorm Loring
I'aifn<4 HV. Eiivatella 102. Invincible 1O4,
"St^so ran. »• .
- T' irftTIl* H A-'.'C— Withers ?nile; the Dixiana
' 8 kt*-'- lor ;i.->i'crt';!df * -
"Uewunff. . Hvip*, * VVtiRht. -Jockey. St. % Fin.
' J.V to.ri — HadAf's. .i«.!0 iPinley)... 3 1 1 «s
'.-sr.t» S— r^liiijie. 1^0 (Hicks)/ .14 2h
. •> uA— Gr«7 Kn'a*. ICj (Uurns).. 2 2 3 H
¦."•^.lyi* 1 , 1:40. Pt5»£t pood. Won driving.
b*r. hT. 4. Ilra'dlui.-'e t»r. c. by Flying Dutch
»t.5i:.-l>laek Rfeeve*. Sir Voorhies 10i» also ran.
°FIFTU TIACE. — Pc-vcn furlonrs of 'VX'ithera
grille: for "maren 3 year? oid aiid up:
BiTt:ns. H ! r>-. \Veiph{. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
* <; tof"5 — iuilewBte 110 <lt<><if«>rr.). 1 1 1 n
X tri-iJUry Htr.;tt. 110<Uurns).. 2 2 2 0
11 to fi— j::»j»ta. 1*.% (Gray) 3 3 3
Tin?, l:£7--:-5. St<rrt {,'ood. Won drivln;?.
•TVinnrr. »I. Sanford's ch. "f. ty ClifTonl-Princess
: ilonrn«uth. .
* irXTH TiACE— Withene mile: for 3-year-clds
"«nd up;*«ellirj;r
Uniting. }l*r**-. -Wrtpht. Jockey. St. s i Fin.
. 6. ro 5— Slid PMta :*:i iHoubre).. S 2 1 n
"? to 1— Iloodwlsk. l*Ki < Holmes)... 7 N 2 l'j
"4, to 1-fKamti.T. -;C".» (DuUman) 3 3 3 3
..'Time.* 1 :4i» 4-5. Star; ' bad. Won drivir.p.
• F? BVVleV^'l.ik. -k. by Tiraf of r<>nzance
¦•RiCfat Wild. .tZally Bf« 1(>5. Blue Victor KS.
"F.'Jckyo&>j" Xfv<rTn<;re 1(:4. Kinnikinnlc 105, East
••K>-:f-l&n.^)l,-Out£iJ<?r 9C. also ran.
i:s vroc*. '. . t '
IBeprtatsatmtltc Suijivan sent a commis
«j*OB «rf J2a*.mo the tra/:k to be bet on
Hoodwink. tn:V.king lha-t Fuller was to
«<6e, bet the- rconey. did not go on. Wild
M0ERJS.P£R3vJ:tf.;Y...Oct. -.-Tiro
"iMarS&tt&n handicap. In •which
£<eo£ciii ran <unpJaped,
o '•was'.ihe cbicf feature of the day.
Tr.e hJvn'iJcapper had. set her "a. difficult
fcask.-by-TtquiriEg Tier .to concede twenty
or-e x»oun«!s \p J^ux-.Casia of tho same
e£e.." Ir-x/Ca.'la finished second to F. R.
Zfitctoock** Vastilian,. 103 pounds, Burns
Up, •who jv«>n cJeveriy in tho fastest time
lpf thfecfiistory of this rabo— 1:09. It was
expect*?;/ of course, fh'at- Fuller would ride
J*.-'o ; .-R:. i 'k in* the .last "race, but that un
(od«njtt» young' man had again given
tein toidm irtsatlab'.e appefite-aftd he was
rr.\:'.'. c \'r rjde. .Severa*. owner.3 were dis-
M&ftolntetLyjy. FnUcx*a inability to 'perform
to" The»CalL
John E. Owens Wins Event
• Though Beaten Out by
the Riderless Mr. Rose
Vv rid -Pi rife;..: Is; Mad© a Hot
/favorite pind Wins : Under
;, Drive from- Hoodwink
t.ionor& U-oring,- Conceding
: Tw^htyrOne Pounds,'Runs
. : replaced in. the Handicap
Steeplechase Develops One
of the Most Brilliant
'Exhibitions of the Year
Miss Bessie Anthony of Glenview and Miss J. Anna Carpenter
of Westward-Ho Will Meet To-Day to Decide the Supremacy of
. the Links on the Picturesque Course at Wheaton, Illinois
WOMEN GOLF PLAYERS WILL CONTEST
FOR THE NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIP
FIELD RUNS
IN A BUNCH
AT HARLEM
LUX CASTA
SECOND TO
CASTALIAN
SHORTS OF THE TURF, THE LINKS AND THE DIAMOND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 3-1903.
WHEATON, 111. , Oct. 2.— Two West
ern womell golfers. Miss J. Anna
Carpenter of Westward-Ho and
Miss Bessie Anthony of Glenview,
who holds the Western championship 1 ,
will decide to-morrow who is entitled to
the title of woman's national champion.
Both won over their opponents In the
semi-finals to-day. Miss Osgood, in her
match with Miss Anthony, put up one
of the pluckiest, up-hill games ever seen
here.
. The finals to-morrow will b« at eighteen
holes. Miss Anthony and Miss Carpenter
¦William Sweeney, a blacksmith residing
at 1634A Howard street, became suddenly
insane yesterday morning and threatened
to kill his family. Patrolmen Feeney and
De Bldlse were called in and they finally
subdued the insane man after a bitter
struggle, in which both the officers and
their captive were badly beaten up and
scratched. Sweeney was locked up in the
insane ward of the Emergency Hospital.
9
ADVERTISEMENTS^^
i Jj|jj- After Baby Comes
there is nourishment for both convales-
Jllllll cent mother and nursing child in
JjjiS . jxtfrlEUSER-BUSc//£
fflffHHAlt is an already digested food easily
E^fegi^pBPW retained by the most delicate stomach.
j^^^^^SI^^Slt restores health and strength— supplies
nutriment needed— builds flesh and
l^^^^^rW^ tissue.
malt extract-not an intoxicant;
contains less than 2 % of alcohol.
drn 22kt3 sell it. Prepared by tha
W^^^^m Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
St. Loda. U. S. A.STOCKTON. Oct. 2.— The factory of the
American Oil and Manufacturing Company was
totally destroyed by fire late this afternoon.
Benzine fumes were carried to the engine
room by the wind. ¦ thus starting the blaze.
The loss Is about $15,000, partially covered by
Insurance. The company will rebuild at once,
owing to the bright prospects.
LIVERPOOL — Sailed Oct 2 — Stmr Canadian,
for Boston; stmr Celtic, for New YorK, via
Queenstown. .
SAN DIEGO — Arrived Oct 2 — Stmr Manda
lay. hence Sjpt 2».
SEATTLE— Sailed Oct 2— Stmr Cottage City.
(or Skagway.
OCEAX STEAMERS.
SAILED.
Friday. October 2. •
Stmr Sequoia, Thompson, with schr Oakland
in tow.
Schr Oakland Ewart. in tow stmr Sequoia.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday. OctoW 2.
Stmr Bonlta. Alberts. 6S hours from New
port and way ports.
OAKLAND. Oct. 2.— The Starr King
Fraternity will give a reception Thursday
evening, October 8, In honor of Professor
Bernard Moses, a member of the Philip
pines Commission. The affair will be held
at Wendte Hall. Invitations have been
sent to a large number of people.
Reception to Professor Moses.
BERKELEY, Oct. 2.— The funeral of
Mrs. Jesusa Alexandrina Hilgard,
wife of Professor E. W. Hilgard of the
University of California, was held at 10
o'clock this morning from St. Joseph'3
Church, a brief service having previously
been held at the late residence, 2728 Ban
croft way. The Rev. Father McSweeney
conducted the services at the Hilgard
home and the Rev. Michael O'Riordan
celebrated a high mass at the church.
A large number of friends, among them
many members of the faculty of the uni
versity, attended and the floral offerings
were numerous. The pall bearers were
Professors Charles Mills Gayley, E. H.
Loughridge, George H. Howison and
Frederick Slate and Dr. Warring Wilkin
son and Whitney Palache. «
Many Friends Attend Funeral Ser
, vices Over Body of Wife of
University Professor.
MRS. JESUSA HILGARD
GOES TO LAST REST
Son of Dead Capitalist
Desires to Break
Will.
Residents of Burmah and Bombay
Speak to British and American
Union.
A great attendance gathered last night
at the monthly meeting of the British and
American Union held in the Academy of
Sciences' Hall. Dr. d'Evelyn, president of
the union, occupied the cnair and on the
platform with him were several prominent
men.
Dr. d'Evelyn read a letter from Lord
Lonsdale in which his lordship expressed
his sincere regret at being unable. to at
tend the meeting, owing to the death of
his relative, Sir Michael Herbert, Embas
sador from England to the United States.
Lord Lonsdale said In the communication
that the British and American Union had
his entire sympathy and he trusted that
such efforts as were intended by the union
would bring the two nations still closer
together. *
J. B. Guelph-Norman of Burmah, B. I.,
delivered an address entitled "British and
American Union in the Expansion of
Asiatic Trade."* Camlllo F. Saldanah of
the University of Bombay spoke and
chose for his subject "The Famine in
India."
The British and American flags in the
hall were draped with crape out of re
spect for the late British Embassador.
Denies Widow's Charges.
Dr. J. J. Dilllngham of Los Angeles,
who is being sued for $25,000 damages for
breach of promise by Emma Richards, a
widow, fUed an answer to her suit yes
terday. Tie denies that he ever promised
to marry her and also denies the charge
that he would have done so but for the
influence of a Los Angeles lodging-house
keeper named Mary Tigue, /; v 'r
Oakland Office. San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. i.
In preparation for the will contest which
Is to be brought to trial by Frederick
Lloyd In tho Superior Court next Tues
day, a notary In San Bernardino is now
taking the depositions of witnesses to the
notorious shooting of capitalist Charles
R. Lloyd by his nephew, William Boxall,
which occurred In the southern town last
January. Stipulations giving both sides
this privilege wore filed with the Alameda
County Clerk to-day.
Lloyd, who was disinherited « by his
father' shortly before the latter's death,
seeks to gain his share in the $500,000 es
tate left by the capitalist by bringing
Into court sensational .evidence- detailing
the part he played in the attempt made
upon Charles R. .Lloyd's life by Boxall.
In his petition Frederick Lloyd claims
that I his stepmother , turned his father
against him by asserting that the hand of
the son was in the. plot to slay the father.
Though still under bonds, to appear for
trial for his attempt upon Lloyd's life,
Boxall is making every- endeavor to as
sist Frederick Lloyd' to win his case.
Young Lloyd is himself in town, prepared
to fight the case.
Fails to Account for Tickets.
C. B. Porter secured a warrant from
Police Judge Cabaniss yesterday - after
noon for the arrest of E. R. Yeatman.on
the charge of misdemeanor embezzlement.
Porter alleges that "i'eatman got $18 worth
of tickets to sell for tho picnic of the
United Brotherhood of Railway Employes
on August 16 and has failed to make an
accounting.
Wants Brother Out of Firm.
Frank Stritzinger.iwho with his brother.
-Jacob, runs a wholesale and retail liquor
store, wants the partnership dissolved. In
a suit H\c\ by him yesterday he charges
that Jacob, who owns a third interest In
the business, is .careless and so negligent
that .their business will be ruined unless
the partnership is dissolved.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND. Oct.^2.— The following mar
riage licenses were issued by the County.
Clerk to-day: . Joseph Davena, 30, . and"
Mary A. Lewis, 17, both of 8an Leandro;
Henry S. Peshoto, 23, and. Mary C. Tuo
hey,> 19, both of San Francisco; Jose F.
Avela, 28,-and Minnie G.Mello, 20, both
of Alameda; George F. Elliott, over: 21,
and Delia" Conway, over 18,,. both of Ala
meda; Claude. M. Fletcher, 32, Oakland,
and Wllla Anderson, 30, San : Francisco.
pany until the matter had been submitted
to a vote of the people.
The : petitioners based' their . rights ¦ to
such injunction on an ordinance passed by
a Board of Trustees of Alameda' In 1895,
which gives the' right, to 10 per cent, of
the legal voters of the city to demand
the submission of any question of public
interest, to a vote of the people 'before
the Board of Trustees should act upon it.
The petition^ recites: ,
"The . matter of the franchises coming
up, the ' board was . about - to f grant " the
privileges asked for, regardless ¦ of the'
ordinance and a' certified petition contain
ing 10 per cent > of the legal' voters of the
cltv -"fT3flBP g W
: Attorney Thomas Kase represented the
petitioners and City Attorney M. W.
Simpson of /Alameda" made "the "argument ¦
on the demurrer for the 'City Trustees.
LLOYD CONTEST
HOB AT HAND
HEAR ADDRESSES BY MEN
T-i -v PROMINENT IN AFFAIRS
OAKLAND, Oct. 2.— The recital given
this evening at the First Unitarian
Church by the violin pupils of Alexander
Stewart was one of the musical successes
of the season. With his accustomed
promptness Mr. Stewart opened the coif
cert on time and there were no waits.
Mr. Stewart gave his class ample oppor
tunity in its rendition of Haydn's difficult
symphony No. 2, D major, to exhibit a
skillful and melodious interpretation.
Other orchestral numbers were the sex
tet from "Lucia" and the march »from
"Tannhauser." Two solos by the twenty
violins in unison were cleverly done. Miss
Gertrude Stuart Holmes sang pleasingly.
The violin quartet, Miss Gertrude Hib
berd. Miss Fannie Lawton, Miss Mlna
Clarke and Miss Sydney Miller, was de
lightful. Edward B. Jordan, a young
cornetist of this city, gave two pretty
numbers. Musicians were favorably im
pressed with the y,oung Instrumentalist's
showing in a cavatina from the "Barber
of Seville" and a simple love song by
Pinsuti.
Musicians Give a Programme That
Brings Out Much of Melody
and Skill.
STEWART CONCERT IS A
DELIGHTFUL SUCCESS
Judge Greeoe Decides in
Favor of Alameda
Trustees.
STUDENTS' CLUB TO PLAY
A MERRY COMEDY-FARCE
«Pu?ils of Y. M. C. A. Educational
Department to Open Term
Auspiciously.
* The new terra, of the night school for
nten In connection with the Young Men's
Association will open Monday
• evening next. For the occasion the Stu
. dent Club has arranged a programme of
Entertainment, to Include the comedy
farce. "Chums." Sidney F. Wall is to
/¦epder vocal selections and Anton Dahl
via be heard in a piano polo and Robson's
Orchestra will play overtures.
A. A. MaCurda, educational director, and
General Secretary H. J. McCoy are to give
an outline of studies conducted by the
educational department of the Young
Men's Christian Association. The ir.struc
tor? of the departments are as follows:
Njijht echoo 1 for men: Business department
<•• '."• Willard. assistant educational director,
bookkeeping and penmanship; E. E Esdon.
.assistant educational director. Ensrlirh; Joseph
L. Crittenden. mathematics; Conrad Bontz.
nciy>grraphy Rpd typewriting; O. W. Kay. as
ciMpnt in bookkeeping. Civil service depart
ment—-Georpe B. Crittenden. civil service pre
*»aration." Scientific and engineering depart
ment — Ar»hur Ca*sidy. draughting and mechan.
lcs=; X. J. Roesnuui. assaying and chemistry;
A. O. Skaife. physics and electricity; V. Le
garila. raval architecture and geometry; J. B.
Williams. ct;am engineering and engine-room
practice. Art department — J. H. Watson, de
sign, freehand, etc.; A. A. Macurda. vocal
music;-- C. .A. llobEon. etrlng class. Language
¦department — J. Caucino. French. Spanish and
r.usEian; Monroe E. Dputfch. German. Work
ing boys' night echool — D. C. Farnham. W.
Muma, W. J. Burpee. Evening law school —
J. ¦ A. Ballentine. F. S. Dorety. G. L. Clark.
3. T. Burcham. J. C. Wright.
BOYS' CLFB GIVES GOOD
VARIETY PERFORMANCE
Young Amateurs Do Clever Work for
, Benefit of Their Military
Corps.
The members of the Columbian Park
Boys' Club grave an entertainment last
evening at the Alnambra Theater. The
entertainment was entitled "A Miniature
Orpheum." and the youthful vaudeville
stars did clever work before a crowded
hou?e of relatives and friends.
The Columbian Park Boys' Club was
founded eight. years ago by Messrs. Rog
<rs and Pc!xotto, with a view toward
training the schoolboys In any particular
line, of work, for which thev are best
suited, and the club has been a great
advantage in the bringing up of its mem
bers, as the club work Is all conducted
out of echool hours and the boys' spare
moments are ppent in the club grounds.
The entertainment last evening was
riven for lt>e benefit of the military corps,
which is one of the most important
branches of the club.
The music was furnished by the club
bar.-d and the selections were greeted
with rourids of app!ai!se.
PARIS, Oct. 2. — The French Jewelry exhibit
ft Ft. Louis already amounts to $4,000,000 and
tnrludes a p*>erl collar valued at $500,000.
DISCUSSES PATENT LAWS
WITH TECHNICAL SOCIETY
George W. Dickie Speaks to Experts
on Mechanical Arts and Their
Protection.
The Technical Society met last night at
the Mechanics' Institute, Marsden Manson
in the chair. The members were much
interested in a paper read by George W.
Dickie entitled. "Is It Not Time to Con
sider Whether Patent Laws are Longer
Necessary to Progress in Mechanical
Arts?"
The position taken by Dickie was that
patents should be granted only for real
Inventions. He held that combinations of
well known mechanical devices to accom
plish well known results should never be
granted the protection of patent laws.
He considered that such protection, in
stead of stimulating the progress of me
chanical arts, had a very wide and disas
trous result In retarding progress of in
many branches of applied mechanics. A
general discussion of the subject followed
the reading of the paper.
Plumber's Shop Catches Fire.
An employe in R. Rice's plumbing shop,
at 111 Geary street, got some oakum too
near a gas Jet yesterday morning, and
the interior of the establishment was
blazing vigorously a few moments later.
The prompt arrival of the fire engines
prevented the destruction of the building,
which is a small two-story affair. As it
was, the blaze did little damage.
Oakland Office San Francisco . Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 2.
Superior Judge W. E. Greene ¦ to-day
sustained a demurrer to the petition of
certain citizens of Alameda for a writ of
mandate to_ compel the City Trustees of
Alameda to submit the applications of the
Southern Pacific Company for franchises
to a vote of the people of Alameda before
the Trustees should take action.
"Halting, decrepit and not worth -the
paper it is written on" is his Honor's
option of the ordinance under which
the petitioners sought to compel the Trus
tees to submit the propositions.
According to Judge -Greene the peti
tioners based their hopes on an ordinance
that entirely misconce ived the poweYs of
a City Board of Trustees to either dele
gate Its powers or to bind a future board
by its acts. In giving his opinion he said:
'•The Board of Trustees of the city of
Alameda, under an act of the Legisla
ture, was given certain powers. One of
these was to grant franchises. This power
will stand eo long as the statute that con
fers It No board has the right to shear
itself of any of these powers. The act of
one board acting under the samo rule
cannot bind the action or curtail the
powers of a subsequent board. The. thing
is an absurdity, on. the face ot if and' I
do not believe that any part of.it is
worth the paper it is written on."
Another alleged defect in the ordinance,
which was discovered before the validity
of the Question was gone into, was the
fact that nowhere did the ordinance pre
tend to state when such an election could
be called, or give a board any right to
call an election. In speaking on this point
Judge Greene said:
"There is nothing in the ordinance that
gives the. board the right to call such an
election as you ask for. Any citizen could
stop It, The only other thing that could
be done would be to submit the question
at . a general election, . now two years
away. There is no power in a city 'board
to tie up the powers of a future board
for two years and keep it from exercising
the rights given it by the Legislature."
The demurrer to the petition was sus
tained and the injunction denied. On mo
tion the former order will not be entered
for a week to give the petitioners = oppor
tunity, if they wish, to see if ¦ they • can
in any way amend their petition.
The matter came up to-day on the hear
ing of a, petition signed by H. ¦ Rosenthal,
H. A. Thompson, J.*, H. Houck and T. F.
Balrd, representing the Board of Trade of
Alameda, ¦ for 'a writ , of . injunction ; to re
strain tho Board of /Trustees, consisting of
Joseph F. Forderer, H. M. Pond,' C. J.
Hammond,' B. C. Coombs and Williams M.
Bowers, ; from granting certain franchises
asked for ' by the Southern- Pacific >Com-
Mr. J. T. Wallace — Dear Sir: As a commit
tee of the City Council to whom was referred
my case, you ask me to present a claim for in
juries received In my late accident.
My expenses for fees from doctor and den
tist, who prepared splints for my Jaw, medi
cines, material, expenses at Fablola Hospital
and a few other necessary expenditures are
something over, but we will call It even $200.
Loss of two months' time at ($3 35 a month,
$166 "0. Total actual expense, $33« 70.
For personal Injury and suffering, how much?
I would not pass through it again for $10,000.
Let the honored councltmen put themselves In
my place and say to themselves how much I
should receive for a broken -Jaw, fractured
nose, battered face, nervous shock, pain suf
fered, etc. I will accept a reasonable sum as
you suggest. Very sincerely yours.
JAMES CURRY.
The claim has been referred to City At
torney McElroy.
OAKLAND, Oct. 2.— The Rev. James
Curry, who was thrown from a bicycle"
and injured because of a defective side
walk on which he was riding, has filed
the following claim with the City Coun
cil:
The Rev. James Curry Files a Plain
tive Plea With Oakland's City
Council.
ASKS RECOMPENSE FOR
BROKEN JAW AND NOSE
Mr. Dornin has been for forty years an
insurance man, and Is now the oldest In
surance official In point of years and ser
vice in California. He Is the manager for
the National Insurance Company of Hart
ford and the Springfield Fire and Marine
Insurance Company of Connecticut, and
a leading member of the Underwriters'
Union of San Francisco. - Associated with
him in the extensive business Is his son.
George W. Dornin, who- occupies a lead
ing position in the insurance world and
has been highly honored In his home city
of Oakland.
Mr. Dornin came to California when the
gold rush became contagious, in 1849. He
left his home In New York and came
around Cape Horn in the ship Panama,
arriving in San Francisco in August of
'49. The mining fever drew him to Ne
vada County, where he remained until he
met Miss Baldwin and married her.
Then, when there was an offer of better
and surer progress in other businesses,
he abandoned mining and went into insur
ance. •
and going of guests. There were many
golden offerings to the hosts arid the pres
ents filled a table set apart for them.
Mr. and Mrs. Dornin were married In
Grass Valley on October 2, 1S53. 'They met
In January of that year, soon after Mrs.
Dornin's arrival with her parents from
New Bedford, Mass. She was then Miss
Sarah A. Baldwin, the daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. Samuel Baldwin. The family
had been attracted by the gold e*xcite
ment and came to California by way of
the isthmus.
REFERENDUM LAW
IS FOUND VOID
evening the golden anniversary
of their wedding. Fifty years ago they
met In California, when California, the
State, was younger than they, and mar
ried. Since then they have lived happy,
peaceful lives together through the long
list of years, strived and reared children
who* are now fathers and mothers them
selves. And in spite of time's aging pro
cesses they are still with the van of the
human pageant — a remarkably old couple,
yet remarkably young.
The Dornins were surrounded this even-
Ing by their children and grandchildren
and their friends of the early California
days. It was a reunion that was not
strictly confined to the limits of the fam
ily. The five children were there— George
W. Dornin, president of the Oakland City
Council; John C. Dornin of San Francis
co; Mrs. George G. Eldredge, wife of the
pastor of St. John's Presbyterian Church
of San Francisco; Mrs. Cray ton W. Wil
kinson of Berkeley and Mrs. Hubert Bry
ant of Berkeley. Then there were the
seven children of these children and a
number of California pioneers and old
friends to swell tho list of guests.
It- was a very simple affair, this celebra
tion, even though it was such an im
portant event in the lives of the cele
brants. It consisted merely of the offer
ing of congratulations and the coming
B— — — ERKELEY, Oct. 2.— In their pret
ty rose-covered cottage on Ben
venue avenue Mr. and ' Mrs.
George D. Dornin celebrated this
Dr. J. H. Callen dressed tho wound, j
which was not serious. Lane swore out
a warrant charging Blackman with as- j
sault with a deadly weapon. Blackman i
was released on $1000 bonds. The case :
was to have been heard this morning in j
Judge Geary's court, but was postponed j
on account of Lane's condition. j
OAKLAND, Oct. 2.— Edward Lane, a
former road supervisor of Frultvale, got
into an altercation with E. L. Blackman
of the same place last night and clalm3
he was hit on the head with a bar of
iron by Blackman. The blow rendered
him unconscious and inflicted quite a
scalp wound.
Blackman until recently occupied a coal
and grain store, which he had leased from
Lane. A hot discussion as to the date
of the expiration of the lease arose be
tween the two yesterday.
Last night Lane went to Blackman's
house to secure the keys to his store.
Blackman ordered him off the grounds
arid when he refused to go. Lane claims,
struck him on the head with a bar of
iron.
E. J. Blackxnan Strikes Edward Lane,
a Former Supervisor, on Head
With Iron Bar.
PROMINENT FRUITVALE
CITIZENS IN A FIGHT
AGED PIONEER OF CALIFORNIA AND HIS WIFE. WHO CELEBRAT
ED THEIR GOLDEN WEDDING ANNIVERSARY LAST NIGHT AT
THEIR HOME IN BERKELEY.
Charles A. and Ed=a A. Dtckman (ownm-xi
with James A. Cotter (contractor), architect
H. R. Schmuckert— All work for a two-»"ory
frame building on lot on S line of Duncan
street. 130 W of Sancae*. W 30 by i j»"
{2200. ¦ ... *
W. F. Kaiser .(owner) with Richard Lrach
(contractor), architects Skidmore A Schroeufer
— Alterations and additions to store from in
building on lot on W line of Montgomery ave
nue, N of Green street, 513 Montgomery ave-
Builders' Contracts.
Saa Franciseo and Fresno Land Company to
tame, lots 15 and 16, block 333, sarr.c. tiult
claim deed; $10. • . . . ¦ . ¦
S. Ducas ComDany (corporation) to Lnrertso
de Santi. lots 15. and l.S. 34 to 37. blr.cn :r::>,
same; also lots 13, 15, 16, .33 to 35. blc>«k ZiZ
same; $10. "'
Fredericka and Gustave. Eur^tn- to Johanna
and H A ! Rosenbaum lot" on -\V linci of Scott
street, "37:6 S ot Post. S « "by W S7:6; $5
Georse "N Braendlein to Wllhelmina Braend
lein (wife) ' lot on S line of McAllister street.
16113 \V of Scott. W 27:8 toy 3 £l~:<S> gift.
HarrfLt E and John Barneson to Ella. See
ley, lot »n E line of Central avenue,- 73. S of
Page street. S 37:6. B> 11*. 4 3J S3. W..23. N
12:6 W 89:4; $14,000. •
Edward B. and Carrie . O. < # Young to James
Schwartz lot on SW corner of OaH a*dAsh
bury 3treVts. W 01:3 by S ICO; $ia.
Elizabeth B. and Richard «.' Jonei .to- Doug
lass W. Montgomery, lot on S- Una of. . Fred
erick Btreet. -"CO :7ft W ot Cole. .W .23 by 3
137:6; #10. ••
James K. -and Isabella Fraaer -to Mary A.
E*>*ling lot on W line ot Shrader' »tree.\, 60
S of Waller. S .40 by W 100:3;. $10. .
City and County of .San Francisco to Gus
tav Graft lot on XW corner of ' Twenty-third
and Bartlett streets. W 34:$ by N-80; $-r^-
Joseph and Jennie Burns .to R^ohajd Tobin.
lot on S line of Twenty-second srreet. 4—4*,
E of Shot well, S 05. E 24:tt 2-3. $1 05. >V.
**4 * T $W *S10 "-**..- "*•"•
" Sophie Kahn (wife of Louts) to Clara. Uch
tensteln (wife of Sol).- lot on XE .corner of
Twenty-fourth and Columbia tFlorida) streets,
E 23 by N 104. gift. . . . -" •^_ i^. "
Same to same lot on N lino of Twenty
fifth street 75 E of Bryant. E 23" to* N- 104;
gift ' ' • .••'.•
Samo to same, lot on. W line of Yorfc street.
157 N of Twenty-fifth. N J8 W JJ- lOO^gift.
Matilda E L and Meta.W. B. Goedecka
to Ferdinand Formhals. lol on E line, of Bry
ant atreet. 1.66:8 N of Twenty-sixth. V. 53:4.
Sophie Kahii (wif» 6r Louis) to CIa-rts;lich
tenstetn (nee Kahh). lot oh E . line- of. -Eureka
street. 173:8 S of Seventeenth. 3 45>.:4by E.
~F' A Hihn Company (a-cprporatlon) tb.F. A.
Hih'n lot on NE cortier of Bush • and- Keamy
streets. N 57.5* by E 57.50, -value- -received;
*~CUra «. Wise to .¦Wallace' C. Wls?. Yot on
W line of Powell street. .77:8. So? Washing
ton S 20 by AV 60; gift.' • '¦¦' •• : •
Guv T Wayman to Alice it- vyarn«5 (wire
of Alexander), lot on N.W. lln. tit Brannan
street, 223 SW of Third. SW 23. bj/NW .3;
?1 Annle Mahon to John M. AWrictv. .lot on
N-W line CT Clara street.. Gt5 o\\ of lourtn.
SW 25 by KW 80; $10. " ¦ '¦ .
Independent Gas and Power Company to In-
to Be; rt H,
F Smith, lot on TV line of First avenue. 3OO
N" of Clement street. N 25 by W 120; $10 .
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Frank II.
Walters lot on B line of Second avenae. 1.3
27~ot D 'street N 23 by E 12t>: $10^ - - ; •
John Handschdmacher to Bridget Owens; lot
on Wllne of Tenth avenue, 1«3 N or I street.
v *5 bv Tff 120; $10.
I te^^ree? S^W S
aV |o n ph e ie AV KaifnTwfdol 7 >= 6 io%ra K, Llchten
slree! W* "«^ant^V/ iPSSPSSSS.
ftchtensteln (wife Of Son. lot
nnW corner of Wyoming and Sickles avenues.
NW S3* by SW 80. being lot 12. block ?. W'.t
End map 2. ,Bernal Ranch: gift..
"arne (widow) to same, lot on SW Un« of
rhin^ avenue 25 NW of Paris street.. NW 50
by "\V 100 tot 8. bloftc 13. Excelsior Hwn*
«t ad- P also lot on NW lltfe of Part* street.
200 Iw of ChTna avenue SW 100 by NW .100..
lot 7 block 11. Excelsior Homestead; gift. • •
Same < wife of Louis) *to Clara Uchteiiateln.
(S lot on SE tofi»f«g £££*£
XE of CMna avenue. NE.50 ozr SB<vB. diock
1 Excelsior Homestead; sift. • •
Sophie Kahn to Clara • Llchtensteln^ lota XT
t« hi block 1 De Boom Tract; gift. ,.• .
slme to «ame. lot on E line of Yale .{reef
100 S of Woolsey. E 120 by S 200. lot? tt and
7. block 86, University Homestead Associa
¦""same'Vo name, lot on NW line of Paris
streeriOO NE of Bratfl. NE 50 by NVC 100.
block 13, Excelsior Homestead : islft.
to same lot on SW corner of Italy
avenge and Naples street. S 150 b.v W 100, lot
4, block 42, Excelsior Homestead Association;
8l Same to same, lots 1124 tc 1131. Gift Map I;
to rame, lot on SE* corner of Franc*"
and Naples streets. S 450 by E 10O. loU 1 to-
Mock 58 Excelsior Homestead; rift.
'Same to same, lots 1113. HIS. 1117. U19.
1121 to 1123. Gift Mao 2: gift.
Same to same, lot on NW line of Mission
street 70:« SW of Tlngley. NW- 112:10H. SW
25. SE 10X:3. NE 23:4%. . lot 130. block T.
Academy Tract; gift.
Same to same, lot on S line of Ney street.
400 E of Congdon. E 100 by S 110. lots 0 and
10, block 12. College Homestead; girt. .
Same to same, lot on SW line of China av?
nue 25 SE of London street. SE 25 by SW
100. lot 1. block 13. Excelsior Homestead As
sociation; gift. -
Same to same, lot on S line of Rlctuancl
avenue. 167.9 E of Holly street. E 50 by. S
100. lots 2 and 3. block 5. Holly Park; gift.
Mary P. Liftchlld to S. Ducas Company
(corporation), lots 100 and 111. Gift Map 2;
Sophie Kahn to Michael and Kate RIordan.
lot on SE corner of Crescent avenue and Ro*
coe street. E 23:4 by S 75.. lota 27. 20 and. 31.
Holltday Man A: $10.
E J. McNamara to Hlbernia Savings and
Loan Society, lot on sS line of ' Seveuteenth
street. 87:6 E of Cortxtt place. E 50, S 63. VT
along Corbett road to point at right angles
with Seventeenth. N. to beginning, lot . ll>.
block W. Park Lane 2: $10. • . ¦
Frederic E. and Bell M. Magee to John W.
McGowan, lot on W line of Mission street,
73 N of Rlchland. N 25 by W 10O. lot - 19.
block D. French & Gllman Tract: $10.
E. J. Heenan to M. Z. Novello. lot- on
SW corner of Eugenia and Wool streets, 8 23
by W 70. lot 42. Gift MaD 1; $10. .
Estate of Priscilla Wilson or Burtch or But-
ton. deceased (by J. G. Plevce. administrator)
to S. Ducas Company (corporation), lots. 23 to
4.8. block 372. lots 13 «to 18. 34 to 37. block
335. tots 13.- 15. IS. 33 to 33. block 342. lota
11. 12 and 35. block 343. O'N. & H. Tract;
$2396. • ..-. i
W. F. Bogart to same lots 11 and 12. block
343. same, quitclaim deed; $10.
John J. and Emerita A. L<rman to Bertha
Pfau. lot on S line of Hayes street. 175 W ofr,
Gough, W 23 by S 12O, to. correct. 2013 D. 174;
$10. S-
FRIDAY." OCTOBER 2.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS?.'
The Sentence of dismissal and one year's
imprisonment pronounced against Lieu
tenant .Hriniiltpn Foley of the Fifth In
fantry-was remitted to dismissal without
oorvnnement. He was charged with scan
dalous.conduct unbecoming an officer and
gentleman and embezzlement, but the
latter charge was not proven directly.
Ihe sentence 'of dismissal pronounced
against -Lieut-eaant Buckcr of the Philip
pine Scouts on, the charge of misappro
priation of Quartermaster supplies was
approved.
.WASHINGTON, Oct. 2.-Pre6l(3ent
Roosevelt to-day commuted the sentence
of dismissal -from service pronounced by
court-martiiJ against Lieutenant Louin
McL Hamilton of the Fourteenth United
States* Infantry, the great-grandson of
Alexander Hamilton, the first Secretary
of th'e Treasury.
Lieutenant Hamilton was charged with
having made offensive remarks while in
toxicated "about a brother officer's family.
There were certain extenuating cirtum
trtanees, among them the fact that the
officer* .had not personally resented tho in
sult, but had" made complaint through
official" channels, which influenced the
'President to restrict the eentence to the
l«*ss of 116 numbers in rank and a public
apology in .the presence of his superior
officer fdr his conduct. The excellent ree
c-ra arid illustrious lineage of Lieutenant
Hamilton were factors in his favor.
In th,ree other court-martial cases, how
ever, . President Roosevelt wielded dis
•rntssal with fatal effect.
;The feentence of dismissal from the
service and two. years' imprisonment pro
nourtc.ed on Lieutenant Thomas E. Mur
taugh,: Coast Artillery, U. S. A., by the
court-martial- which tried him. at Gov«.
c rjriors Island for embezzlement, obtaining
iqoney under false pretenses and deser
tion, was approves. Lieutenant Murtaugh
5s a' son of an old New York family of
that name, prominent in Catholic affairs.
He 'had a meteoric career from Cienfue-
Eos, Cuba, t,o St. Louis and Chicago, leav
ing a' trail- of creditors behind. He will
.serve two years in some penitentiary yet
So be fixed.- vi>on.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
lieutenants'. Murtaugh, Foley aj*i
Buc&er Must Give Up Their j
/ Commissions in the Army j
for Misdeeds.
Dismissal- in' Three Other
.''Cases. Receives Approval
.*..'.* . of "Roosevelt.
Examination of the records at San Ra
fael shows that George W. Galloup and
Miss Jessie Skinner Burbank, not desir
ing the services of a minister of the gos
pel or a Judicial officer, entered into a
contract of marriage and proclaimed
themselves husband and wife. The con
tract is dated Lorin. Alameda County,
February 16, 1S92, and it shows that it
was acknowledged a year and a half aft
erward, when it was agreed that the mar
riage took place on the original date. It
Is said that a marriage contract made at
that time is not invalid, as the law per
mitting those marriages was not repealed
until 1S93.
The contract was drawn up in Lorin and
dated February 16, 1S92, but was not ac
knowledged by a notary until November
1, 1833.
All theae years the existence of the
contract lias been kept secret. Mrs. Bur
bank is a dressmaker, owning a little es
tablishment In Berkeley. She was al
ways known as Mrs. Burbank. never hav
ing assumed the name of her husband.
When interviewed to-day about the con
tract marriase Mrs. Burbank refused to
talk and said that it was nobody's affair
why she delayed until to-day in record
ing her marriage notice. "There is noth
ing to say," she said. "Mr. Galloup died
several years ago and the affair was all
"ever with. It is my own private busi
ness and I had reasons for not wishing it
to be known that the contract marriage
existed."
Eleven years ago Mrs. Jessie S.* Bur
bank of 1759 Alcatraz avenue entered into
a contract marriage with George Wijk
ware Galloup. Galloup has been dead for
several years, and It was not until this
morning that the marriage notice was
recorded at San Rafael. . ...";.* v
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. Oct. t.
The Justices of the Peace already see
visions of a rush in marriage fees and are
busily appointing assistants to handle the
anticipated increased business. »
. Wednesday night is prayer-meeting
night, also a very popular night for the
Inauguration of matrimonial life, hence
the trouble: Pastors officiating at these
popular functions have had . to absent
themselves from their flocks quite often
in order to make the hitch at a wedding.
The congregations want their pastors on
Wednesday nights and say that engaged
couples must *make their dates accord
ingly. '
The pastors of three of the central
churches got together to ascertain if some
arrangement could not be made that
would be satisfactory, to both sides. Dr.
Charles R. Brown, pastor of the First
Congregational Church, proposed to the
Rev. E. E. Baker, pastor of the First
Presbyterian Church, and to the Rev. E.
R. Dille. pastor of the First Methodist
Church, that the prayer-meeting night be
changed to Friday evening, so that happy
couples could still rutain their favorite
Wednesday evening for marriages and
dodge the "hoodoo" day.
.The matter was brought before the
various congregations and given its
quietus by an overwhelming vote.
No argument on the part of the pastors
could induce the people to give up their
Wednesday evening prayer-meeting. So,
if you want to get married on Wednes
day evening you'll have to come before
7 o'clock or after 9 o'clock,, or go else
where.
Young people or old people who are
contemplating marriage on a Wednesday
evenings, between 7 and 9, and who want
the assistance of an uptown Methodist,
Congregational or Presbyterian minister
to tie the knot, must either for
get it, change their denomination or
go to the Justice of the Peace. Such is
the decree of the three ministers and the
congregations representing the foremost
churches of the three mentioned denomi
nations in the district named.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 2.
Falconer was formerly a well known
resident of this city and served one term
as a member of the Board of .City Trus
tees. He took an active interest in munic
ipal affairs a"nd for a time was engaged
in dealing in local realty. He moved to
San Francisco five years ago.
of him, Dr. .Stafford.- who* Is a close
friend of the deceased, said: >> *
- "I kaew .Falconer well and kijqw' that
the thoughfthat he owed money he could
not pay -cast a shadow over his l.«fe. Htt
was fafrly well to do once, and wbeli mis
fortune overtook him he toiled Incessantly
to meet his debts and applied all he earn
ed to liquidating his obligations.'*, • •
ALAMEDA. Oct. 2.— "I.-dlo to «pay tny
debts; I die to-night." The.se worjis were
inscribed in a. letter received to-day by
Dr. A. A. StafTord and written fcy. Rich
ard -S.. Falconer, whoso dead body was
found in a room in a San Francisco lodg
ing-house yesterday. Falconer ende* hia
rifte by Inhaling illuminating gas while
despondent because of his financial and
friendless condition. He was a .member
jbt the Ancient Order of Unit»d Workmen
and in his communication to Dr.. Staf
ford requests that the physician pay cer
tain small obligations owing Alameda
friends, out of the .$2000 policy he held in
the fraternal organization.
His friends declare he was mentally un
balanced when he resigned as the result
of long service in the tropics. Represent
ing himself as still in the army, he is said
to have obtained money dishonestly in
various places In the United States. When
he returned here he declared he had no
recollection of events from the time he
left the Philippines until he found himself
working on a farm near St. Louis, whence
he came to Washington about two
months ago.
A Washington boy, young Hamilton,
until recent months, led a most exem
plary life. His father, who died many
years ago, was employed under the Gov
ernment here. His mother is prominently
identified with the Wlmodaughsls Society
and Is highly esteemed. Hamilton, who is
about 24 years of age, was educated in the
public schools of this city. When war
was declared with Spain in 1S38 he enlist
ed in the Signal Corps and rendered good
service In Cuba. Then he was sent to the
Philippines, where he served at various
posts, performing arduous work.
Promotion came to him on his merits.
He was appointed second lieutenant In
the One Hundred and Twenty-second
Company of Artillery arm-ordered to Fort
Columbus. N. Y. Before he could sail
from the Philippines he was transferred
to the Twenty-fifth Company at Manila.
In December last, after having served five
years continuously in the tropics, he was
expecting to be ordered home when he
was transferred to the Tenth Company of
Artillery, then en route to the Philippines.
He resigned his commission and came to
this country.
WASHINGTON. D. C. Oct. 2.-Lewis C.
Hamilton, formerly second lieutenant in
the United States army, voluntarily re
turned to Washington August 11 last to
answer charges against him of irregular
money transactions In this city. He has
been In Jail here since that time. Several
physicians who have examined him be
lieve him irresponsible and will recom
mer.d his removal to the Government In
sane Asylum.
HIS FRIENDS DEFEND HIM.
Claim Hamilton's Long Service in
Tropics Affected His Mind.
All the foregoing forgeries are within
the jurisdiction of the United States
courts. The following are under the juris
diction of the State courts: He forged
the name of Bruce Cotton to two notes
held by the Security Loan and Trust
Company, at 21 Stockton street, in this
city, and received $445 for them. Lieuten
ant L. C. Hamming transferred his pay
account for November and December,
1&02. to Hamilton, who drew the amount,
$233, from Captain Holloway. On Janu
ary S Hamilton forged a duplicate and
drew the same amount from Major Hal
ford at Manila. When Halford's account
was received in Washington the forgery
of the duplicate was discovered. Hamil
ton forged about a dozen other pay ac
counts and obtained money on them, C.
H. Morrell of this city being the prin
cipal victim.
The case will be presented to the Fed
eral Grand Jury In this city and Manila,
and Indictments will be found at an early
date.
Frequenters of San Francisco's tender
loin will remember gay and debonair
Lieutenant Lewis C. Hamilton of the Sec
ond Light Artillery Corps by the spilled
champagne he left in his wake while he
was joyfully engaged in pelting money at
the birds. The gay lieutenant is now in
jail in Washington, D. C, with several
charges of forgery hanging over his head.
On St. Valentine's day in this year he
tendered his resignation from the army
for reasons best known to himself and to
his superior officers, and for the same
reasons it was accepted promptly. Both
before and after he severed his connec
tion with the army the reckless lieuten
ant kept his purse full by forging the
pay account* of his brother officers and
hypothecating them at. the usual com
mercial rate of discount.
Several of the forgeries were committed
in Manila, several in San Francisco, one
or two in Chicago and one in Washing
ton, D. C. In each of these districts in
dictments will be preferred against him
by the United States Grand Jury for the
offenses committed while he was connect
ed with the army, and for the forgeries
committed outside the jurisdiction of the
Federal courts he will be liable to indict
ment by the county Grand Juries.
The crime for which he is incarcerated
in Washington Is the forgery of the pay
account for May, 1903, of Lieutenant
Claude E. Brigham. While in the military
service he transferred his pay account for
November and December, 1902, to Louis
Silverman of New York, and presented
duplicate accounts at Manila for the same
months and drew pay thereon. He also
presented the forged pay account of Lieu
tenant W. S. Bowen of the Coast Artil
lery for April, 1903, and assigned it to Sil
verman. The account was paid by Colonel
Dodge. The pay account of Bowen for
June, 1903, he assigned to C. H. Morrell
on May 16 to secure a loan; also the pay
account of Lieutenant Bruce Cotton of
the Second Light Artillery for May, 1903,
which was paid by Major Payson.
The forged pay account of Lieutenant
Bruce Cotton was assigned by Hamilton
to Major Hooper at the Occidental Hotel
in this city. Hamilton also assigned the !
forged pay account of Lieutenant A. S.
Fuger of the Artillery Corps at Manila to
the E. A. Armstrong Manufacturing
Company of Chicago.
She Records It Years After
George Galloup, Her Hus
band, Is Dead.
Trail of Crimes Runs From
Manila to National
Capital.
President Commutes the
Sentence of Disgraced
Lieutenant.
Requests- That. Lodge Policy
. Be Used in Paying His •
Obligations;
Matrimonially Inclined Mem
bers Must Seek Other -
Evenings.
Night.
Worshipers Refuse to
Loan Pastors on That
In Jail for Forging Pay
Accounts of Army
Officers.
Mrs. Jessie BurbaDk's
Marriage Contract Is
Her "Affair."
. *- w ••
Suicide's Ifridnds t»ea£ii
; Why He '/Took
Hia iiife, .'•-•'
HAMILTON
TO REMAIN
IN SERVICE
NO MARRIAGES
ON WEDNESDAYS
GAY LIEUTENANT
HAMILTON'S FALL
HOLDS SECRET
ELEVEN YEARS
DIES THAT HIS
DEBTS BE PAID
CELEBRATE GOLDEN WEDDING
IN ROSE-COVERED COTTAGE
Surrounded by Family and Friends-of Early California
Days, Mr. and Mrs. George D. Dornin of Berkejey Hold
.a Reception on Fiftieth Anniversary of Their Marriage
10
THE SAN FEANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1903.
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE OCTOBER 30..
The Call's Cook Book prem-
ium offer will close on October
30, 1903, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household treasure should not
fail v to place their order im-
mediately.
This splendid premium will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of
fifty cents per copy. Out "of
town orders twenty cents ad-
ditional to "cover prepayment of
t ran spor tation char ges.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"I hare goffered with pilei for thirty-fix year*.
One year ago last April I began taking CascareM
for constipation. In the course of a week I noticed
the pilet bercn to disappear and at the end of six
•werk* thry <iid not trouble me at all. Ca»careti
have done wonders forme. I am entirely cTired and
loel like a new man." George Kryder, Kapoleoa. O.
>gkj. CANDY CATHARTIC
Pleasant. Palatable, Potent. Ta«te Good. Do Good,
J^erer Sicken. Weaken cr Gripe. lOe. 25c, 60c. Never
•old in balk. The cenaine tablet stamped CCC.
Guaranteed to cure or your money back.
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. 593
UiHUl SALE, TEN MILLION BOXESCHICAGO \Oct. 2.— The opening on December
whtat was ujJ M.®«4c to %<QViC at 78%^784c.
influenced by v hlgher cables, a big advance at
St. Loula and the condition which bothered
shorts yesterday, namely, the decreasing stock*
of No. 2 red. There was a lot of commission
house buying on outside orders early In the
day, and shorts were scared Into covering,
which resulted In December advancing to 76%c
before the end of the first hour. The Incentive
to buy wu, Increased ,by reports from New
York that foreigners were active buyers there
of future deliveries. Toward noon commission
houses reversed their previous course, selling
December freely around 78%c and covering
May. The market went back faster " than It
had got up on December and the nearer month
was toon selling at 77%c. Toward the end o'
NEW TOnK. Oct." 2.— The stock market
made good headway to-day ajrarro-t the public
announcement cf tp* flaanclal embarrassment
In Baltimore.' TMi new«'<"SUfKl e. rather fever
ish tone in the'rallT.iy ceaUngs and evidence
of icr.d liquidklion was apparent. For the
meet part it vm believed tlmt the public an
notinc«-m*-nt Berved to explain eome pant events
ir the market rather than to threaten future
rerilts,. Some of the etorYai which have been
weaken during the pant week and subject, to
recurrent liquidation ere now known to have
been sold by. a lo^-al banking house which held
them a« collateral -for loans to the em!>arra*£e<i
hx>u«e«. _ I.ie recent mood of Wall street has
tn /"n «o fearful of «ny rtorl'e* and so prone to
exaggerate that the' most explicit information
I «cn of an unfavorable character is rather
welcomed. Profe*s»imal traders are inclined to
1 \Aiy wh»n bad new* it out. As the . day pro-
Cref*ed it txvame. manifest th«t there was no
l '*eute pree«ure of etocks. and. on the contrary,
a wet! defined party of prof ensional operators
were inclined to; buy. Commission houses aleo
reported " Fome flight demand from outside
•curoey. There were rnne very heavy blocks
of t*nlted'Ft«t»« Ste.lbnndf marketed which
oould hardiy. have- been other than syndicate
holdinr*.. but there neeme* a good demand at
the earn* time for llie preferred stock. The in
ference «s« drawn ' that arbitrage operations
between the two *erurltie» had been reeumed
by the l-xtended eyndicate.
A nimo; was current that the market man
agement ofi this operation had been entrusted
to the same operator who -conducted the origi
nal flotation of the United States Steel Btock.
While the rumor ¦ was without confirmation It
had it« effect upon the rpeculaUve sentiment of
the high'y professional market until the pros
.. x>#ct of a 'strong bank return helped the Ute
(rrmrket In/Jira»lrti*. pointirg to « pain In cash
A by the banks of $1,600,000 to $2,000,000. The
rf-guiar Interior movement took from New York
about $2. 500,000 en balance, but the redemption
of Government bondis ar.d the payments, on
account of new gold. Including Australian gold
reeel\-»<J at Ban Francleco, more than offset
this low. It )• evident that the principal
movement of currency Is Ftlll to the cotton re
dco. a&d exchange at Western polsU falls to 1
&CW York Stock Market.
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— Bl< J- Asked.
Alma * "^
A«£tatVd"T™.t' Cm. "7.: W> *'*22-
Aztec • Vi "*'ii
California Standard U .. 1|
Caribou l Jg * **
C-ntral Potnt Con !5 •*'
Chicago Crude •>> ••••»
Claremoni ** w
Esperanaa * -a ..---
Four £* T0
Kulton J w .""A.".
Ha'nVord '".".".- - • • • • • • • • • • • 14 * '**> 150 00
S, 1 274 1 30
Imperial •• »«>•
Indepen.lence »• "
Junction 5 25
Kern River ".¦.¦.¦.¦.¦.¦.:.¦.¦.¦.-¦.¦' iJM IS 00
Lion • 2* w
Monarch <of Artxona) 5O -••",.
Monte Crlsto 74 77^
Occidental of W. \ a 1» 10
Oil City Petroleum 2S 30
Peerless 13 M 14 CO
Plttsburjr 25 .....
i-ed Crude 33 41
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter continues weak, with stocks gradually
accumulating and holders making concessions
to work off the goods. Cheese continues tn cx
ces«lve supply and unchanged. Eggs rule firm
for fine ranch, with fancy selling a fraction
Receipts were 32,600 lbs Butter. 570 cases
Egus and 6600 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery, 2S'520c for extras and
2(«B27c for seconds; dairy. 21624c; store Butter.
17U<Rli»c: cold storage, 24@25c; Eastern, ZiQ
24f "per lb.'
CHEESE — 13c for special mild new, 12$124c
for the general run and Ilttll4c for lower
grades. Young America. 13©14c; Eastern, 15®
10c: Western, 14i$irrt< per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. »3S©30c for . large white se
lected and 3240374c for fair to choice; store,
25^27 4c; cold storage. 24@2(5c; Eastern, 24@
274c per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
The Poultry market was quiet and easy, as
retailors .had purchased freely early In the
week and were well supplied. Receipts, how
ever, were light and prices had no quotable
change. Game, was in, light receipt and cleaned
up promptly at previous prices. A small quan
tity of English Snipe camo tn and sold at 54
per dozen. .
POULTRY — Young Turkeys. 20fi22c per lb;
Geese, per, pair, $1 50@l 75; Goslings. $2;
Ducks, $5©6 per dozen for old and $6i@6 50 for
young; Hens. $5tl6 for large and $4 5005 50
for email; young Roosters, $.Vrf.'> 60; old Roos
ters. $4 50©5; Fryers. $4<8:4 60; Broilers, $3 23
»ff3 75 for large and $2 50®3 for small: Pigeons.
$1 ""i'i]l 50 per dozen for old and $1 50@2 tor
Squabs.
GAME — Rabbits, $1 75 per dozen for Cotton
tall. $1 25 for brush; Hare, $1 25®l 60 per
dozen; Wild Doves. $1 25 per dozen.
Nciv York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Oct. 2. — FLOUR — Receipts,
24.800 barrels; exports 54,000 barrels: active
and firmer.
WHEAT— Receipts. 41.!>00- bushels; *n°t.
firm; No. 2 red, S4*;4e elevator and Sic t. o. b,
afloat- No 1 Northern Duluth, M*ie f. o. b.
efioat : No. 1 hard Manitoba, 02«/ t c f. a b.
afloat Options had a strong turn during the
forenoon Influenced by higher cables, gootl
buying demand, firm Western markets anrT
licht offerings. After a sharp midday decline
under profU-Oklnsr the market again sold up
on hie weekly clearances and closed V4@4c net
higher. Closing-May. 83%c; December. 84%C
HOPS — Firm.
PETROLEUM— Firm.
1HPKS— Steady.
WOOI.. — Quiet.
COFFEE Spot Rio. firm; mild, »t«ady. Fu
tures clored net unchanged to five points high
er Sales 7500 basrs. Including: November,
4 SOc- December. 5«J5.05e: January. 5.1005.15c;
March B!.v: May! 5.45(gB.5Oc; July. 5.«0c.
ct'oaR Raw. firm; refined, unsettled; No.
fl 4 40c- No. 7, 4.35c; No. 8, 4.30c; No. 0,
4«V No 10. 4.20c: No. 11. 4.ir.c; No. 12.
410e' No 13 4.05c; No. 14, 4c; Confectioners'
A 4 fie- moid A, 5.05c; cut loaf and crushed,
r..W; powdered, 4.90c; granulated, 4.80c; cubes,
505 °' DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market was
quiet. Common, 4c: prime, 5U@5%c; choice,
6{i64c; fancy, 6%@74c
PRUNES— Show firmness, demand being
fair Quotations are unchanged, however, still
ranging from ft Vic to 7c for rII grades. - ¦
APRICOTS— Rule firm, with coast advices
indicating firmness among primary holders.
Choice, It'4Q04c; < extra choice. 9%@10^c;
steady'; choice. 7V.@7'iic:
extra ch&lce. 7%'38 I ,ic. .-,...¦.:¦
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — The market continues quiet and
featureless. Ch'.cego reported foreigners b'g
buyers of December.
The. only change here was an advance In fu
tures.
CASH WHEAT.
. California Club, ?1 45@1 474; California
White Australian. $1 55<&1 tiO; Northern Club.
$1 424#1 45; Northern B!ue Stem. $1 524®
1 574; Oregon Valley. $1 474 per ctl.
FUTURES. •
Eesxlon 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 :iiH4 fl 39 51 SSVi Jl 30
2 p. m. Session. ,
Open. ' High. Low. Close.
May $1 404 $1 404 $1 4014 $1 40U
December ... 1 Sit 4 1 3U4, 1 30H 1 39Ji
BARLEY — Futures were somewhat higher,
but the caeh grain remained quiet and un
changed.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, $1 10®l 124; Shipping and Brew-
Ing. $1 17401 224; Chevalier. ?1 20@l 50 for
fair to choice-,
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...»1 00% $1 09?i $1 09% $1 0U%
2 p. n>. Session.
No sales.
OATS — The market for good, clean lots is
well held and firm, but lots for feed are quiet
at unchanged prices.
White. $1 20@l 324: Black. $1 4001 60;
Red, $1 20©l 25 for feed and $1 25©1 35 for
seed: Gray, $1 224®1 274 Per ctl.
CORN — All descriptions remain quiet and un
changed.
Western, sacked $1 424 for Yellow. $1 424
for White and $1 40 for - mixed; California
large Yellow, $1 45S1 60; small round do,
$1 70<Sl 75; White. $1 60 per ctl.
RYE— $1 25@l 30 per ctl. ¦
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25@2 50 per ctl.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— jGraln Bags. 5<35V;e: San Quentln.
5.55c; Wool Bags. SS^SSc; Fleece Twine. 7^
©Sc; Cotton Fruit Bags. Cl£c, 6%c and 7Vi~
for the three grades; Brown Jute. e^ig'Vjc.
COAL— Wellington. fS per ton; New Wel
lington. ?S; Seattle $« 60; Bryant. $B 50; Bea
ver Hill $5 50; Stanford. $7; Roslyn. $7; Coos
Bay. $5 50; Greta. $7; Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond. $7 60; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and
$14 25 In sacks; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
Weh-h Lump. $11 50; Cannel. $S 50 per ton;
Coke. $11 50@13 per ton In bulk and $15 In
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $s 45 per
2000 lbs and (S 50 per ton. according to brand.
OIL — Llnsetd, 4l»c for boiled and 47c for raw
in barrels; cases, 5c more; Castor Oil, In cases.
No. 1. 70c: Bakers' AA. $1 10<&l 12: Lucol, 44c
for boiled anci 42c for raw In barrels: Lard Otl.
extra winter strained, barrels, DOc; cases. !'5c;
China Nut. 55@70c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot,
In barrels, 72c; cases, Sue; Sperm, pure, 75o;
Whale Oil. natural white. 50@oAc per gallon;
Fish OH. In barrela, 45c; cases. 60c; Cocoanut
Oil. in barrels, 58c for Ceylon and 55c for Aus
tralian.
COAL OH,— Water White Coal Oil In hulk,
14c; Pearl Oil In cases, 204c; Astral, 204c;
Star. 20^c; Extra Star. 244c; Elaine. 264c;
Eocene. 234c; deodorized Stove Gasoline. Ire
bulk i7c: In cases. 234c: Benzln». tn bulk.
13c;* In cases. lO^c: S6-degree Gasoline. In
bulk. 21c: in cases. 274c.
TURPENTINE — S>Oc per gallon In cas-s and
74c !n drum* and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 64®
7c per lb; White Lead. U4@"c. according to
quantity.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes a* follows, per lb. in 100-Ih ha*s:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.S.V;
Powdered. 5.70c; Candy Oranulatcd. 5.70c; Dry
Granulated fine. 5.«Oc: Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.«0c: Fruit Granulated. S.ftOc; Beet Granulated
UOO-lb bags only). 5.45c; Confectioners' A.
5.*3Oc-, Magnolia A, 5.20c: Extra C. 5.10c; Gold
en C, 5c: "D." 4.00c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels, 2."c more; bcxee, 50c more: 50-lb bags,
10c more for a!l kinds. Tablets — Half barrels.
H. 10c; boxes.^O.-'Oc per lb. No orders taken for
lesi'than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY, OCTOBER 2.
All classes! of stocks continued quiet, a'nl the
Flour, qr sk». . .30.012 Wool, bales 805
Wheat, ctls 20.5ns Feed, sks lvi"
Barley, ctls 55.233 Shorts, ska £0<i
Beans', sks ..... 0,05." sks.. 205
Potatoes, fks ... 3.4M) Pelts. No 2S5
Onions, sks .... lt»o Hides. No 42S
Bran. ¦ sks 2.445BiiRar, ctls . SOO
Middlings, sks .. 047 Leather, rolls .. C«
Hay, tons (KW Wine, gals 3S. 450
Straw, tons 5 Lime, bbla 50O
Hops, bales 657
Exchange and Bullion. . #
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — 4 R2>4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 SHV4
Scerllnsr Exchanne, cable" :.. — 4 ,s7- a
New York Exchange, sight — 07>i
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver, per ounce — &»%
Mexican Dollars <.. 47 4.8
LOCAL MARKETS.
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Oct. 1'.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla. J^IVic; blueptem, 77c; valley, 7<5@77c.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA. Oct. 2.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
bluestem, 77c; club, 73c.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
There was a heavy accumulation of river Po
tatoes on the wharves and the market contin
ued very quiet for common offerings. Salinas
Burbanks were in moderate supply and steady
under a fair demand for local use. Oregon
lturbanks ruled weak at previous prices. The
Portland steamer arrived late in the day with
1342 sacks. Sweet Potatoes were, lower under
heavy receipts. Three carloads came in frcm
Merced and there were liberal receipts from
Stockton. Onions were abundant and easy.
Tomatoes arrived freely, but the demand for
good stock was steady and prices were main
tained. Pome strictly fancy stock sold up to
«."ic per box In a small way, but the common
run of supplies sold within the quoted range.
String, Wax and Lima Beans were easier un
der liberal receipts and a light demand. Prices
of the other vegetables had no quotable change,
supplies being sufficient to satisfy the demand.
POTATOES — Burbank!* from the river. tU<?J
80c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1 25Q1 45 per
ctl: Oregon Burbanks, SOififlOo per ctl: River
Reds. 80«i(>Oc per ctl: Sweet Potatoes Jobbinjj
at $t 4001 50 per ctl.
ONIONS — r>0«3t;5c per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn, $1(^1 50 per
sack; crates from Alameda. 50; from
B<=rke.ley. 75c@$l: Green Peas, 2©3c p*r lb:
String Beans. 2S2Vjc per lh; Wax, 2ft2VSc;
Lima Beans. 2(ft2V2C per lb: Tomatoes, 35@50c
per box: Summer Squash, 40!ff."0o per box; Cab
bage, COc per ctl; Carrots. 75c per »aek; Cu
cumbers, ."J.'fySOc per box: Pickle Cucumber*.
3J73VJC for No. 1 and l@'J'/4c per lb for others;
Garlic. 2<ffi3c per lb: Green Peppers, :5O@4Oc per
box for Chile and 40«5Oc for Bell: Green Okra.
35@50e per box; Ege Plant. 30<©50c per box;
Marrowfat Squash. $10@12 per ton.
Meat Market.
There la no change In any description. Re
ceipts are ample for current needs and no more.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— C0'C for Steers and 5ft«V4c per lb
fcr Cows.
VEAL— Large. 6ViS9c; small. frtjrlOc per
pound.
MUTTON — Wethers, 7%tJ8c; Ewes, 737^ie
per pound.
LAMB— »®10c per pound.
PORK — Dressed Hogs. 8Vi©5H«c t«r pound.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for gcod, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 50
.per cent 'shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE^ — Steers. .«>@9e; Cows and Heifers.
7@8c; thin Cows. 4®5c per pound.
CALVKS — 4Q5Vic per pound (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3H®3%c: Ewes. 3&;ifec
per pound (gross weight).
LAMBS — $2 75®3 per head.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 150 to 250 lbs. 5 T ie; under
150 lbs, 5V8@ 5 & C : Sows. 20 per cent off; Boars.
60 per cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent off from
above quotations.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Oct. 2.— Clearings, $835,003; bal
ances. $220,715.
PORTLAND. Oct. 2.— Clearings, $71S,S0G;
balances. $117,013.
TACOMA. Oct. 2. — Clearings, $341,022; bal
ances. |31.051,
SPOKANE, Oct. 2.— Clearings, $ISO,S1S; bal
ances. $77,OJ*U.
( EASTERN MARKETS,
X Theexr>orf» of barley from San Francisco
it>" «e* Juring the month st September were
as follows: ¦..'. ¦
To — ¦ ¦ • • ¦ Centals. Values.
Great Britain 54C.OS1 $600,970
He. glum ' 120.7fl5 143,2<5O
K&wtlUn Island* 83.9S3 39.f~7
Tfchitl .i 341 435
JiiV*n S3 100
Mexico .-; 10 12
'. : Total? •:.,..?. ....... ...,707.273 $84{.«ir»
jTi'SeptemtieK 1&02. the exports were 9."5.014
je*nta3B, valued at ?l.O62.9o.' 5 . The trade was
quite active last month. There were 11 whole
cr part cargoes' Shipped to Great Britain and 2
•fall carffocs went to Antwerp. In September,
1&02. . t?.ere -»nrrf 11 whole or part cargoes
cleared for Great Britain. 2 Tor St. Vincent, f.
'<¦•. b.. .1 '» jt Ajiftralia and 1 fcr Belgium.
J [Oregon Crop Bulletin.
The 'report of Edward A. Beals. Section Di
• rector. ITplted States Weather Bureau, for the
Oregot) "><3p .Bulletin, for the week ended Sep
tember 20, is as follow*; ¦
L'.ght j ralr.s fell In the Willamette Valley
.kxui ale. g tht coast during the early part of
the. *-eek. but otherwise the weather through
«>u.t v.he Stute »ae dr>' and pleasant. The days
wr* m-Jiraic but "the tiishts. as a rule, were
•rool. and frost occurred in. eastern Oregon and
•in scattered. loc.aUt.ie» • of southern Oregon on
•<xi or .'. ao mornings;, they did no damage of
•coi;se<juenc«. 1 ..' ¦ . • :
. .'The weatijer was very favorable for thra?h
.!:•*'and this work was actively pushed to com
r-«loiv ! • Rriiire' ricki.r.t :and drying alto made
**:iefacto»'y p*o#rre«S: It will require about a
W^ek or. fen -days more to complete the prune
h-arvest; the crop this year Is an excellent one,
both rn-Quallty*nd quantitv; But little plow
pBsit or .siding h : .is b*«-n Sone yet west of the
"•-arcade ii >untaine. owing to the dry condl
..uon oi the- soil. In the rolumbia River Valley
ana in-. &>;rie • sections ;of the Grande Rcnde
Aalley the -•.¦;.. t ot fall rrain has prbpresse.l
TTiyfr- Moris. r»'-n U needed in Western Ore
;gon' before iyj\ plnw'ng will become general.
• T!^*- coi'i.'<"rojT continues' to do nicely, and
"*jme-fkldF at>n.^ft- ready for the ello. Potato
(•'logins , ha; -begun; with variable yielda. In
¦ seine seeUin* .'the c.-op Is turning out well,
•tv.h.'.e lri-otners. i^i>ecially alchg the ccast, the
• VeraLfV.-yfeid.wIll be very light owing to blight
and :.jt.. .-¦•'•.. .."•'•
•, .Ftockls iltijng well and U generally In fine
cbrrfiitioii.- -A good rain wou.d. benefit pasturep,
but- as a'iriile fe*d plentiful, especially on
trie r«.rg-es«, Seme feeding. is being done
¦Ir- ihe daii-j' districts to keep up the supply of
:mi.:k'..., .••' ;•..'. ' . .
" .iieirif a.ft ; b»-inK har\-eFted with good reruits.
'The ihird crap of alfalfa turned cut well and
¦wast'-sew-ied in coou condition. : ¦ . . .
';• Pea;*' due! i.iurr.8 continue to yield satisfar
tcMiy. and -are belr.K .marketed as rauidly as
PV#n:bJ*. .Ai'mlea are only fair and in some
f'iuntiei; T-^ey .are -juropping badly.
..•;;¦ : Weather Report.
'..-.¦ ." ; <-l"Spth" 'Meridian— Pacific Time.)
' .• ,'¦ ¦'¦¦¦SaN FRANCISCO. Oct. 2, 5 p. m.
COAST RECORD.
¦ ¦ =¦ '. _2 .S ~2 r
••' • ¦ ' '¦¦'• '¦.'¦'- s- rg *-2 a '* 5
:-STAT:pN/;.|;.||p-|l |* |
•'¦¦¦:¦:.% "¦:¦''¦'¦ ¦'.': \ = '¦: ¦ • . S
• •¦'¦'¦-; ¦• .-•.,• • , •
• : :'. ; .;.:J' % ' . . ~) .us 54 40 NW Cloudy JoO
<"-rs -1 ;. >..;., :. : ..:q .04 5S 22 • W Pt.CHy .00
1 V>,-fka :.•.,.•; ."50 ;J* iz>. 4<| S5V- Cloudy .00
, i- a- 9-.':.-n ..-.._. .:*). u- ¦¦¦«> 54 S\V rt.Ody .00
.¦*Ve«n«»-.. -._.;.,. ,30. 0« 72. TO W Pt.Cldy MO
ntxttftt ...>.2S'B2- tm SO SW Pt.Cldy .ss
• iTSdeperdriKe- 2».v»4 04 44" SK Pt.Cldy .42
¦Jjtn --Mcet«3T. ;30-.<M TO' CO 8W Clear .CO I
Mt ¦Tafn-tii.si/r;" u' CK' 44 N^V ,00
}i<'onh iif-H •.'...:.•¦•:• r,K -^2' fW <"loudy .20 j
P*ic*r:x. , . . . . ~t;:,.; 74 o,) w Clear .04
./'o^-atEllQ. ;I4a It*^s; .'4 4« PW Clear .02
¦Por»!t-d :..'.:..:;¦.. <r> :.s ' 4<S SW Rain .04
;, .Veir-«. Ee:-e».. ¦::!'!.; j ta> r,o W «"icudy .'10
pus* Blui.-....;;....^ '<>. 4.; *;n Cloudy .(;0 ;
•R.>wt.'j:ra: .• 3OVO*. ei ?.x HW Cloudy .00
F.iT»ni^r'.o. .:;'• . v .s 4r, ? Clear .<iO
' Salt.I^ikf .. ..^.Z'l'j. ta ¦ 4s. K Ram • .08
l^^n Franr;.s-o.::<i:-H-, «y 52 \y . p, (Tjy oO
8. L. OMipo.V3A.i4 4^; 4fl XV Pt.indy .CO
ran-Dte g! ,- so,/t<> *S W SW Pt.ndy.<4
&**a» .•/.-. :.*>.r* • 54 40 B cioudr !<B
¦f[*to'-. ..:..%•!,•.•*( U\ ::-i f\v <'|ou1y Tr
Tatooi.li •.. ...ac\. 02 CtS 60 -6W- Clear "5
Wj!!a Walla-.. ~'i .(>% «4: 4^ FW '• • 'cloudy !oO
Wi-.nemucta ..::<>.<><. r,2 «:kw Clobdy Tr
Vuini. ¦¦..¦¦¦ ,~<.3tf- 7<; r,«i. \V Clear .02
.WlJATHfch- QO.VDITIOK5J AND GENERAL
¦ . ". . .. • FORnrAKT. ;
¦ <ie.ncraHy.--cioud.y- weather irevaii* over the
-Pacific S.lope and light rain h%r fsllen In ex
tTvrn* fiou-.hweptfr.n-C'alirtiTO'.a. Atiiona. rtah.
Ms no.- Wyoming. Washington ana North west
ern Oregnon. A thunderstorm ir-. retorted fr^m
n.ifrftaff.
The 0re**ur»: ha* risen slom-ly -over the '¦nun
try Brest of -the Ro< ky Mountains sh'i falUn
ovr lh» Missouri. Vullej-.
The tempera fur* has fallen ov»r tCortbrrn
T'tth and r*.'.-.alne4 nearly stationary in other
districts/ " . •¦ •' - .
ForeaFt mRde ct Fart' Fran^tco fpr thirty
hour? ending -ir.'.iliii.srht. October 3:
Ntatbfecp Califomifc — Partlj' -cloudy Satur
day: UMtiau. In tne Interior; trefh ' westerly
wind. '. ¦ . . ¦
Southern' Calif orr.'.a— Partly . cloudy' Satur
day: liichi »ept -wind. . ,
Nevada — Partly. rl^udy Saturday. '
6«.n. Franc. «c-j -.and vicinity — Partly cloudy
Satbrday; fr*>'«h west wtnd. .
•O. H.- WILLSON, LVal Forecaster.
¦ ¦„¦ "Tt'mp'-irs.rllr in ch.arre.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans continue quiet and weak, with liberal
receipts and narrow daily fluctuations.
BEAN'S- Bayos. $2 »:0*i2 S5; Pea. J3 25; But
ters. $:$ 35; small White, $3 1003 35; largo
White, t- t5O«2 75; Pink, $2 05^2 S3; Red,
$2 0O4}3: Lima, *3 40©3 50; Red Kidneys,
$4 25; Blackeye. $2 65©2 M) per ctl; Horaj
Beans. $1 40<fil 50.
SKEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, ?1 70iQ-l 80; Canary,
5«?r>%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape.
l-">4S-%c: Timothy. ti®tiVic; Hemp, 3%@3%c
per lb; Millet. S4/'3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $20©
23 ner ion.
DRIED PEAS— Grsen, $1 S0@2 per ctl.
Hides, Tallcnv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 9%c: medium, 8%c: light. Sc; Cow
Hldfti' 8c for heavy and be for light; Sta«s,
tic; Salted Kip. S%c; Salted Veal. 9%c;
Salted Calf. 10c; dry Hides, 15@15%c; dry Kip,
13c; dry Calf. 17c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25'c?
30c each; short wool. 40?g50c each: medium, 70
4}90c; long wool. $1@1 50 each; Horse Hides,
salt. $2 75 for large and $2'f«2 50 inr medium.
$1 'i.-'li 1 75 for small and 50c for Celts; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 75 for larce and $1 50 for me
dium," $14fl 23 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican, 32%c; dry sa'ted
Mexican. 26c: dry Central American, 32 %c.
Goat Skins— Prime Ansoraa. 75c; large and
smooth 50c; medium, 35c; small. 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4V5$4 ! }. l c per lb;
No. 2. 4^4^40; crease. 2%®3c.
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquin Lambs'. 9©
12c: Foothill. 10@12c; Middle County, ll@13c.
Quotations for spring clip are as follows:
Humboldt and Mendoclno. 18020c: Nevada, 13
@15c: Valley Oregon, fine. ls@19c; do, medium,
17filSe: do. coarse, 16tfI17c per lb.
HOPS 22£(2t>c per lb for California and 20
t"5c for Oregon.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Oct. 2. — CATTLE— Receipts,
2.100. Western, steady. Good to prime steers,
$5 25<f?3 90; poor to medium, $3 5O@4 80;
stockers and feeders, ?2 2504 10; cows. $1 40
@4 25; heifers, $2®4 75; canners, $1 4O®4 50;
bulls, $2g4 50j calves, $.J 5o#7 50; Texas-fed
steers. ?2 75(53 75; Western steers, ?3@4 50. •
HOGS — Receipts: To-day. 11,000; to-morrow,
10.000. Strong. Mixed and batchers'. $."• 60@
(1 35; good to choice heavy.- $5 7o@H 15; rough
heavy, « 3.">(&5 00; light. $5 70<g0 45; bulk of
sales. So ttoifto 95.
SHEEP — Receipts. (5000. Sheep, steady;
lambs, steady. Good to choice wethers, $¦» .'JS'ij
4 15; fair to choice mixed. $2 25$ 3 25; West
ern sheop, -*2 25<&:4; native lambs, $3 50Q3 75;
Western lambs, ?4 4O@5 50. •
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 2.— WOOL — Steady: me
dium grades, combing and clothing-, 16'®21c;
light fine. I")rrjl7%c; heavy fine, 12@14Vic; tub
washed, 20630c.
Provisions.
The situation remains about as before, both
here and In the East.
CURED M EATS— Bacon, 12%c per lb for
heavy, 13c for light medium, 15c for light.
lSVic for extra light. 17%c for sugar-cured and
18%c for 'extra su*ar-cured; Eastern sugar
cured Hams, 15%'B15 : ?ic; California Hams, 15
@15V»c; Mess Beef, $11 50 per bbl: extra Mess.
$12®12 50; Family, $13@13 50; prime Mesa
Pork, $19; extra clear. $25; Mess. ?20; Dry
Salted Pork. 12%c; Pig Pork. $28; Pigs' Feet.
$5 25; Smoked Beef, 15c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and* 10%®10%c for purs; half bar
rels, pure. H(gllV4c: 10-lb tins, llV4@H%c;
5-lb tins. ll=Sic; 3-lb tins, ll%c.
COTTOLENE — One ha}f barrel. 0*c; three
half barrels, 9%c; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces.
9V*c; five tierces. 9^c per lb.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 2.— Influenced mainly by
an advance of £1 to £115 5s for spot and £115
17s Cd for futures In me London market, tin
to-day was steady and a little higher at $28 65
026 f5. Sales were rer>orted for October ue
livery of about sixty tons at $25 60.
Copper j advanced 6s In Ix>ndon to £55 and
£55 2s Cd for spot and futures respectively.
Locally, however, prices were rather lower,
lake and electrolytic, $13®13 12% and casting
$13r-fl3 25.
Lead was unchanged at London, the latter
point quoting £11, while here it was still held
at $4 50.
Spelter was unchanged at $fl In the local
market and at £20 los In London. »
Iron closed at 50s Id in Glasgow and at 43s
91 in Middlesboro. Locally iron was quiet:
No. 1 foundry. Northern, $17; No. 2 do, No. 1
forndry, Southern, and do soft, $10.
NEW YORK. Oct. 2. — The cotton market
closed within a r>o!nt or two of the bottom
at a net decline of 15(R23 points.
Nc:v York Cotton Market.
Dried Fruits } Nuts, Raisins, Honey
The market shows no change whatever, being :
firm and rather active than otherwise.
NEW FRUIT — Apricots, 7@9%c lor Royals j
and 9@llc for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, j
6®0c; Peaches, 6V t @7c: Pears. 5@9c; Nee- |
Urines. 4@4%c for white: Figs, white. 4%jp ¦
4%c In boxes; Plums, pitted, 5(37c per lb.
PRUNES — 1003 crop, 2%S3c for the four !
sizes; 1902 crop, 2%@2%c for the fcur sizes. >
RAISINS — Following are opening prices free;
on board to common shipping points: Imperial
clusters. $3 D«r 20-lb box; Dehesa clusters.
$2 50; fancy clusters, $2; 3-crown London Lay- i
era. |1 55; 2-crown London Layers, $1 45; 4- ,
crown standard loose Muscatels. ti%®7c per j
lb; 3-crown standard loose Muscatels, CV49 ,
tt%c; 2-crown standard Muscatels, 6@6V*c; '
Seedless Muscatels, 5c; Seedless Muscatels,
floated, 5Vic; Seedless standard Sultanas. 5c;
Thompson Seedless standard. 6c. The follow
ing quotations on seeded are for a limited
quantity only: Fancy, 16 ounces per lb, 7%c; \
fancy, 12 ounces per package, 6%c; choice, 16 [
ounces per lb, 7%c; choice, 12 ounces per pack
age, 6 Vic; fancy, bulk, per lb, f%c; choice,
bulk, per lb. T%c.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 12%c; No.
2, 10%c; No. 1 hardshell, 12c; No. 2. 10c;
Almonds, lie for Nonpariels, 10%c for I X L,
10V4c for Ne Plus Ultras and S%c for Langue- !
doc; Peanuts. 6@7c for Eastern; Pecan*. 119 i
13o; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, new, 12%«313%c for white |
and 9©llc for amber; new water white ex- 1
tracted, 5%@6%c; light amber extracted. 6c;
dark. 3%«j l%c. •
BEESWAX— 27029c per lb.
Exports of Barley.
show prospect of an early demand from that
quarter. This causes the indulgence of a hope
that the deposit of Government funds at West
ern points may lighten the demand for cur
rency from that quarter. It is also suggested
that the lateness of this demand may allow
some reflux of funds from the cctton region in
time to meet it. There was a sharp rise in
call money late in the day, which may have
been connected with the winding up of the
syndicate e*Jairs of those withdrawing from the
United States Steel conversion syndicate.
Sterling exchange rallied sharply from yes
terday's decline, hut the large increase In
wheat and corn exports over last week Indi
cated a growing supply of exchange.
Pennsylvania was inclined to be heavy, in
spite of the good increase In net earnings re
ported for August; while Union Pacific, with
a decrease fcr that period of $142,812, was well
supported. A sharp drop of over a point In St.
Paul Just before the close, with an Immediate
fractional rail}', had the appearance of a bear
dri\e, but it unsettled the closing and made it
Irregular.
The bond market was still made up largely
of United States Steel 5s, but the tine was
pretty firm. Total sales (par value). $5,485,000.
United States 3s coupon advanced ?4 per cent
en the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 5<S,<XX> 04% t!3H 64'j
Atchison pfd l.oCO 88% SS% SS%
Bali & Ohio 30.700 76 7 1% 75%
Bait & Ohio pfd... 200 87 ¦ 83T, 86
Canadian Pac i 3c .. 5.000 121% 120% 121%
Central of N J 150
Ch-s & Ohio 3.000 31% 30 V4 31%
Chi & Alton 2.200 22% 21% 22%
Chi & Alton pfd... BOO (52 61 61
Chi & G W 1,300 1H 15H 15%
Chi & <} W 3 pfd.. 400 27% 20%/ 27%
Chi & North COO 159 157U 157 \\
Chi. T & T 9%
Chi T & T pfd 18
C. C, O & St Lnuis C9
Colo South 500 1314 12% 13
Colo South 1st pfd. !t(.i) 50V* 49 49%
Colo South 2d pfd.. 600 21 20% 20\
Dela & Hudson 700 154 152% 154%
De!a. Lack & W 225
Denver & R G 1,1<X) 21V4 20% 21%
Denver & R G pfd. 4l*> 70 70 69%
Erie 104.700 29 27 28%
Erie 1st pfd 7.500 07% C5% C6%
Krie 2d pfd 7,000 49V4 47 49
Great North pfd 1(50
Hooking Val 4'X> 67% 00% «7%
Hocking Val pfd VJ
Illinois Central .X'O 1.11 131 130%
Iowa Central 100 1!» 19 18%
Iuwa Central pfd.. 1<«J S3% 35% 35 '
Kan City South 19>i
Kan Citv South pfd 35
Louis & Nash 10,500 99 97»,4 9SU
Manhattan L 2,000 131% l.'i()i 4 130%
Metropolitan Bt Ry 9.G0O 105 3 i 103 105V*
Minn & St Louis... 2tX» 53 53 50
Missouri Pacific ... 29,<J'O 90% 8S% UOVi
Mi«:>. K & T 2.9'X) IS.% IS 18%
Miss, K & T pfd^. 1.100 3<T4 35% 3G%
Nat R R of M pfd 200 .'!7>~ 37%<i 37-"*
N Y i-entral 114.100 117% 115% 117
Norfolk & Wept 4,S<iO r.'.) 57% 5S%
Nor & West pfd... ](;» 8S " ts ' 87
Ontario & Western. 7.300 21^i 20% 22 '
Pennsylvania 170.800 110'«$, 11 s 1.4 n!»i;
Pitt. c. c & st l.. 2(«<t «i «;oi; ci'«.
Reading 4,400 4S% 4C** 47?i
Read in k 1« pfd .... 75
Reading 2d pfd C,Z 0:1 (12 1 -'-
Rock I-I.-ir.l 31,SO(» 2<:'i 24 1 'i 2<>»«
Rock Island pfd... 2(O OO 1 ;. 5a>~. «">f>Vi
St L & S F " RO
St L & S F let pfd CO
Ft L & S p 2d jifd. ' 300 47 4i,s; 41;^
Bt L South 1,400 14 13% 13%
St L South pfd 1.2'M) ::2 31% 32
St Paul 34,4«>O 141 138% 14o%
Pt Paul rfd 1O0 174 174 173%
Southern Pacific ... 19.OOO 4::>4 41% 42 1 };
South Railway 7.SOO iu% 19 19»1
South Railway pfd. 1.500 7S'i 77^ 77U
Tcxap & Paeific 1,800 24% 23% 24«-I
T. St L i; West 100 17% 17* 4 17'
T. Bt L & West pfd * 23
I'nion Pacific 25.5IH) 72>4 J0% 71%
X'nion I'acifii pfd ui
Wabaph 2.100 2o% ijt:^, gOM
Wai>ash ii'd u.iM) 32% :;i'Ji ::-»3,
Wh«eiir.K & L E .... 15
Central.. :(0O J7 lt(% 17
Wis Ctr.tral pfd... l.OOO 3(5% ."r.1.3 :;r,
ICxpress ('nmpanies —
Adams .... .... 22.',
Arcerl'-an 17,-,
United States ; ]c<i
Well?-Far?o 200
MisoellnnfouF —
Anial Copper 31.400 42% 40*; 41 !*
Amer <->.r & V 1.O00 26% 2« 21
Amer Car & P" pfd. 8::<) 78 77 7S
Amer Lin DH 9%
Amer Hn oil pfd 2X
An-.er Loc. 400 I.V7; 15H, J5"-;
Amer Loo i>'d 2f«» 83 W,* «2%
Amer S & Ref..... BOO 42 s i 41% 42 Vi
Amer S & Re' pfd. WK» K)% S74 87
Am*r BugU- Kef... 4,: SCO 112'i 111 *
Ana'-onda Mir. <"o.. LCOO 71 70 70
Birvikiyn r Trans. ]2.ioo ::i'i :;:i'i :{4>^
Colo Fuel & 1 41
• v,| & Hock Onal 12
(Vns Has 1.100 172 s i 171 172
Gen Elertrir t»"«» 147 1 !- l-i:>?, 1 ••<:.
Int?r Pai>vr 20<> 12> 1 12 11
Inter Paper pfd... .'.00 m^ 02 U3
Inter Pump ' 35
Irttr Pumu pfd 70
Nat r.ipeu it 37 V t
Nat Lend 13U
North Amor 700 ~\ 7.'I 73%
Pacifl.' Mr.ii 19
People 1 * OS? 2.WO :>2% f»l 'i 92".4
Pressed S Car 1.30O .".r-U 33% :<i-^
Pressed S rtr pfd.. .ioO 77 76% 76%
1'uilman Pal Car 2<"«
Hetmhiic Steel ..'. . 1.20ft »% $% ¦ 9%
Republic HteeJ pfd. 7<0 «i2>,« «2 «^2%
Rubber Goods ' 2M 15% 15% IS
Rubber Goods pfd 68
T«nn Cr,al & Iron.. l.«00 31% 32?4 34 1*
V K leather . 400 7% 7 7
V S leather r>fd... I,S«iO 7*;'i 76% 7»i%
IJ S. Rtrbber .-. > 10
U S KuUit pfd.'.. 1.100 37 % 37 >i 37
J' S Steel C9S.200 18 If 17%
l) s st^ei pfd 4.7f<<) w>% <n;n in*,
West Union 400 KJi; 82% 81%
Trtal sales 7<59.M>0
UNITKD [tAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Oct. 2.-iUntt»d Railroads of
?«n Frani-ifip l)'in<1 tranoaolionH were $25,000
8t ?77 and JIh.ikni at ?77 12'«.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2r re(?...K»7 Louis & N unl 4». «S%
Do ref 2s coup.107 Man con gold 4s. B9U
. Vn:is reg ion Me X <> n tral 4s... 69 U
Do :1k roup lf»% Do.ist Inc 14
I>o new 4s reir.lX", Minn A- St L 4». . fW%
Do new 4s coup. 13.". Mf> Kan & Tex 4s 97
Do old 4s rei?..lll n o n ds 77
Do old 4s coup. Ill V nn of M con 4s 75
l» f-. reg 102% N-Y <>nt gen 3U.s 9««,i
Do .'ih coup 102% N J (>m gent ris.128'4
AtrhlKcn gen 4s.. 9S Nor Pae 4e l(»0>4
Do adj 4s «9'»1 r>o 3a .. 70% ;
Atl Cbut IJne 4s 9<> jN'or & W con 4s' 96™
Halt & Ohio 4s... 09% .O S L 4s & partic 88 «
no 3%f 82% Penn eoav 3%i... 9.'.%
Central of Ga As. KM % I Reading K en 4s 9">
Do 1st Inc 70 St L&I M eon r>*s'lo9%
Oies & Ohio 4%s.l01%'Kt L & S F tg 4s 80%
<"hl & Alton 3%«. 73 St L S W lsts. ' 93
C II * g new 4s. 91' Seaboard A L 4s' «1S
C M*St P gen 4s.IO4% Sou Pacifie 4s .. R5U
C & N W con 78.131 Ry r«« 112%
C !1 I 4 P 4i .1 irexsK & Pec I«ts.n4«4 '
Do col 5s 95 !Tol St L & W 4s. 69
CCC& St L gen 4s 05% Union Pacific 4s. loo
Cbl Terminal 4s.. 72% I Do conv 4g n3«
Con Tob 4s 64 US Steel 2nd 5». 71
Colo & Sou 4s .. 83% Waba*h lsts m
Den & Rio G 4s.. 99 Do deb B 5fl£
Erie prior lien 4s. 9'5'i Wh & L Erie 4s. mi
Do gen 4» 83 Wis Central 4s... *>9U
Ft W & D C lsts.102% C F & I con 6s... 76
Hocking Val 4%s.lO4%
._•:;• NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 Little Chief .... Od
Alice 13 Ontario 4 30
Breece 10 Ophlr 160
Brunswick Con . 03% Phoenix 07
Com»tock Tunnel 06% Potosi 22
Con Cal & Va..l 25 Savage 23
Horn Silver ....1 OO Sierra Nevada .. 61
Iron Silver 1 70 Small Hopes ... ' 20
Leadvllle Con .. 02 Standard 175
BOSTON* STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Westingh Com 72
Call loans 3. 04 Mining-
Time loans ....6%#C Adventure 4
' Bonds — • JAllouez 4%
Atchisca <« 90% t Amalgamated .... 42
FRIDAY, Oct. 2—2 p. ir.
UNITED STATES BOND3. .
Bid. Ask. I BldAslC
tsqrcoup...— — *s qr c (new) — — .
4s qr reg — — lla qr coup. . . — ¦ .— s
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — Do 5s .... - 112V4
Bay CPC 5s.l03%104V» -Do con 68.103 105
Cal C G T.S..103V* — O W C B 5s. — —
Cal G & E g Oceanic S 3s. 75 —
m & ct 5s. — 102% Om C R 6«.. — 122%
OU-st 5s ... — — Pac O Im 4s. — —
C C Wat 5 3 . — 102 P E Ry 3s. .109%110a;
E L & P Hs.125 130 P & C H «s. — —
F & C H 6a. — — P & O R 6«. — —
Geary-st 5s.. 40 00 Powell-st «a. — _—
H C&S 5%s.l01 — S E GAR 5a. — 10..
H C & S L. 98% — SF & SJV5s. — 120ft
Hon R T U«.UMV*10S S R of C 6s. 112% —
L A Elec 5s. — 105 3 P of A «» .
L A Ry 5s.. — 114 (1900) 107% —
LA L Co 6s— — (1910) ....108V*100Vi
Do ctd fis. — — S P of C 6s
Do ltd 58.102 — (19O5)Sr A.101%103
LAP lem 5s. 99 - (l905)3r B.102% —
Mkt-st C 6a. US — (1000> 104% —
DolcmSa. — U7 (1912) ....— -.
NRR of C 6s — 10S SPC 1 eg 6«. — 119
NRC of C 5sll6% — I>o stmpd..l07%10X»i
N P C R 3s. — 109 S P B R 6a. — 133
N C R 5s... — 113 S V Wat Ga.lOS%10rfi;
X C P C 53.100 101 Do 4s 2dm. — 100%
X S R 5s... 100 102% Do 4s 3dm. 99V* —
O G L II 5a. — — Stkn G&E 6a 83 —
O T Co 6s... 120 121 U O ft E 5s. - —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 51 57% Sp V W W. 84 -
Marin Co ... 61 — Sp V W Co.. 41% 42^
Port Costa.. — — . -
GAS AND ELECTRIC. . ; .
rent L & P 31- 4%|Sac E G & R — . — '
Kqult G* . 4'-; 5% -5 KG & E. . «% «6S
Mutual E L. Ws 13 S lOai... ¦•
Pac O Imp.. — 53% Stock G & E 5 —
Pac Lighting M% — U G & E — • — •
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES. f .
SFG&E..C6 — I
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — .'550 /
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nat Bk. — 127 lU P & A... — —
Anglo-Cal .. — — |Mer Trust .. — .230.
Bank of Cal.472%4S2» 3 Merch Ex .. — —
Val Safe Dp. — — 3 F Nation!. — —
First Nationl — — '
SAVINGS BANKS. N
Ger S & L — — |Sav & L Soc 95 110
Hum 8 & L. - - (Sec Sav Bk.40O 5(»0
Mutual Sav.. — — L nlon T Co. — —
S F Sav U..«OO 700 I
STREET RAILROADS. v
California -.105 203 IPresldlo .... — 41
Geary — — ' . •
POWDER. V
G(ant 61% t'<3 IVIgorit ..... — »H
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. 20c SOc Kilauea 8 C. — -
Hawaiian C. 45% — Makaweli C. -1 —
Honokaa S C — 13V, Onomea S C. 31 —
Hutch SPC— 13 IPaauhau S C lt><» 17'*
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Park. 153 15.8 [Oceanic SC. — 7U
.-.„, vvuit As 97 Pac A F A.. — —
Ca, wSe A*! 06 97 \A Pac C Borax. 1CI 170
Mornlns S«malon.
Board
10 Giant Powder Con. • «3 V]
10O liana Plantation Co ;•»
ft S F Gas & Electric Co.... «3 <3
2(» Spring Valley Water Works »4 00
$20<X» North Shore 3s 100 W>
Street — rr .
3 Spring Valley Wafr Works M 5rt
$5000 Oakland Transtt 5s »« w
Afternoon Session.
Bf>ard — - „ ..
65 Giant Powder Con. s 90 63 00
95 Giant Powder Con «3 0O
10 Giant Powder Con. s 90 »4 OO
1O Giant Powder Con. s 90 «4 K»
6DSF Ga3 & Electric Co 6« «J»
ft Sr.rir.g Valley Water Works 84 CO
50 Trustee- Cert. S F Gas & Elec. «tt 00
Street — ¦ „ „_
40 S F Gas & Electric Co «•) «J
$2OHO Bay Counties Power Co 5s 103 Tj
Sales on the Stock and Bond Exchange la
September were as follows:
Bonds — ' Shares. Low. High.
U S. Government 3s 10,000 lOtf^i
Bay Co Power Co 18,000 101 1041*
Cal Cen Gas & Elee Co... 19.000 103 103i»
Contra Costa Water Co... 5,0«o 10O 100%
Hawaiian Com & Sugar Co 7.000 89 101 Va
Los Angeles Ry Co 21.000 113% 11*
Market Street Cable Co.. 7 000 V.... 118
Mkt St Ry 1st c mortgage. 15.000 llSVi
Nor Ry Co of Cal 4,000 ..... 119
North Pac Coast R. R ft.OOO . 107%
Northern Cal Power Co.. 1,000 1C0
North Shore R R 11.000 89% 100
Oakland Gas. Light & H. 5,0«*> ..... 10*%
Oakland Transit Co 13,000 121
Oakland Transit 6,000 ..... Ill
Oakland Transit Cons 4.000 102 103
Pac Elec Ry Co 5a 111.000 106% 110%
Park & Cliff House Ry.... 7.00O 163
Park & Ocean R R 1.000 115
S F A 3 J Valley 15.000 1201.; 120%
Sierra Railway of Cal 8.000 112 113^
S P R R of Ariz (1900). 24,000 107% lOJU
Do (1910) 15,000 100 10»%
S P R R of Cal. Ser. B.. 1.000 1OJV*«
S P R R of Cal 2H.0CO 107% 107*;
Do 6.000 im 4
Do 1st con (stamped).... 43.000 108
Spring Valley W 1st mort. 13.0OO 105% 10«
Do 2<i mortgage 53,000 99«i 10O
Do 3d mortgage 3.0CO 90 99%
¦Water Stocks^ —
Contra Costa 53 49 52
Spring Val Water Works 814 83% 83
Gas and Electric Stocks-
Cent Light 4 Power Co... 850 ....'.• 5
Mutual Electric Light Co. 1.175 10%. 14%
Pacific Gas Improvement.: -287 63- 65%
Pacific Lighting Co 23 . 66%
S F Gas & Electric Co 1.163 66Vi 70%
United Gas & Elec Co.. 50 S3
S F G & E (Trustees' Cer) 2.015 67\i 70
Bank Stocks —
America.! National Bank.. 10 ..... 123
Mercantile Truat Co 15 ..... 230
Street Railroad Stocks —
California 3* • 20O
Presidio 65 3?% . 40'
Powder Stocks —
Giant Consolidated Co.... 1.0.T3 63 M
Vigarlt 350 5 3V*
Sugar Stocks^ —
Hana Plantation 600 23e SOc
Haw Com & Sugar Co.... 965 44 4«
Honokaa Sugar Co 70O 13% 14
Hutch Sugar Plantation.. 285 12% l-'»
Kilauea Sugar Plantation. 5 ..... JS
Makaweli ISO 20% 22%;
Onomea Sugar Co j»60 36 3TU,
Paauhau Sugar Plan 1,345 13% 1G T »
Miscellaneous Stocks— ' ¦¦
Alaska Packers' Assn 1.0. 1 149 15 jr*
Cal Fruit Canners' A3»n.. 49rt 9O 9« • ¦
Cal Wine Assn 423 96% 98
Oceanic Steamship Co... 8O • .
Pacific Coa3t Borax Co 50 ..... lof
Stock and Bond Exchange.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 72#82c: No. 2 red,
77%@78%c; No. 2 corn, 45%@45%c; No. 2
yellow, 47%c: No. 2 oats, 36U@36%c; No. 3
white. 37©38%c; No. 2 rye, 53c; fair to choice
malting 'barley. 48©57c: No. 1 flaxseed. 94%c;
No. 1 Northwestern. $1^ prime timothy seed,
f2 7502 85; mess pork, per bbl, $11 25@11 50:
lard, per 100 lbs, $7 62%@7 72%: short riba
sides (loose). J^cgO 25; dry waited shoulders
(boxed), ?fl 62%; short clear sides (boxed),
?8 75@9; whisky, basis of high wines, $1 23;
clover, contract grade. $10 75.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 21,100 ll.rfXt
Wheat, bushels 64,400 * 201.600
Corn, bushels 440,800 475.300
Oats, bushels 193.200 101, SO0
Rye, bushels 4,800 l.ioo
Barley, bushels 630,500 29,400
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was easy; creamerios, 10<S21e; dairy,
I4@"l0c; eRgs, steady at mark, cases Included,
18«J19c; cheese, ll@ll%c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — Oct. Dec.
Opening 6 2% 6 3%
Closing 6 3 6 4%
PARIS.
Wheat — Oct. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 21 35 21 25
Closing 2135 2130
Flour — ..
Opening "0 05 28 50
Closing .' 29 95 28 50
Xc^i'V-ork stock market higher on the day.
Local: stocks and bonds still quiet.
IVlH-at and Barley futures higher. Cash grain unchanged.
pjis..- Corn and Rye as prei'iously quoted.
Behns weak and quiet, with narrozv changes. ' -
Hay and Feedstuifs firm, but no higher.
Better iceak, Cheese in oversupply and Eggs steady.
Pried Fruits firm and fairly active.
Froz-isions ¦¦unchanged, here and clsezvhere.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs as previously quoted.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables plentiful and quiet.
Poultry, quiet and unchanged. Game steady.
Fresh Fruits in free supply and generally dull.
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
December, new. 78% 78% 77% 78%
May 79 7»V4 78% 70Vfc
Corn No. 2 —
October 4514 45Vi 44% 45\i
December, 43% 46% '45% 4i%
May ....'. 45Vi 15% 44% 4iT%
Oats No. 2 —
October 36 36% 35%. 36 Vi
December 3C\4 3rf%. 36^4 36%
May S7V4 37% 37% 3t%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
October 11 25 11 30 11 10 11 10
January 12 60 12 CO 12 30 12 52%
May 12 55 12 62% 12/55 12 C5
Lard, per 100 lbs—
October 7 75 7 77% 7 62% 7 62%
December 6 95 6 95 6 87% 6 90
January 6 90 6 97% 6 85 6W
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs
October 9 52% 9 52% 9 50 9,50
January 6 60 6 \\> 6 60 6 62%
Bank Clearings.
Railroads— [Bingham 21V4
Atchison ........ MHJCalumet & Hecla.430
Do prefd .'..... 8KV« {Centennial 15^
Boston & Albany.240 Copper Range ... 50
Boston & Maine.. 16«>4 Dominion Coal .. 71
BoFton L '..138 Franklin 17
•N Y N H & H..194 Isle Royale 6
Fitchburg pfd ...135^ Mohawk 30
Union Pacific 71% Old Dominion .. 6VS
Mex Central ll^jOEceola 52
Miscellaneous — i Parrot 18
Amer Sugar 112%lQulncy 82
Do prefd 116>4 Santa Fe Copper. 1«4
Amer Tel & T. .125% Tamarack 81
Dom Iron & S 111 Trinity 5%
Oen Electric 145 United States... 18%
Mass Electric ... 20H Utah 25
Do prefd 77 Victoria 3
U S Steel 17% Wlnona 7H
Do prefd 63% Wolverine 63
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols, i^mey... 88H;N Y Central 131
Do accent 88^ | Nor & West ! 59^
Anaconda 3% I Do prefd 89^
Atchison 65^4 Ontario A West.. 2Hi
Do prefd 91 V» Pennsylvania .... 61%
Balto & Ohio 76V4 Rand MIn»s 9
Canadian Pacific. 124 Va Reading 24&
Ches & Ohio .... 31 V4 j Do 1st pfd ... 38
Chicago G W 15^! Do 2d pfd 32
Chi Mil & St P.140 Ry .... 18%
DeBeers 9%) Do prefd 80%
Denver & R O.. 21% Southern Pacific.. 43Vi
Do prefd 72^4 Union Pacific ... 73Vi
Erie 28V< Do prefd 88
Do 1st pfd ... CSV* U S Steel 17}i
Do 2d pfd 48% Do prefd 64%
Illinois Cent . ...133% j Wabash 20%
Louis & Xash ..101 Do prefd 32
Mo Kan & T. . . 18%!
Bar silver, steady, 27%d per ounce. Money,
2%@3% per cent. The rate of discount in
the open market for short bills is 3?i@3%
per cent, and for three months' bills 3% per
cent.
NEW YORK. Oct. 2.— The following table,
; compiled by Bradstreet. shows the bank clear
i ings at the principal cities for the week
| ended October 1, with the percentage of in
i crease and decrease as compared with the cor
. responding week last year:
Percentage.
Cities — Clearings. Inc. Dec.
•New York $1,214,819,307 35.0
•Chicago 177.127,777 0.3
•Boston 123,505.725 .... 7.8
i 'Philadelphia .... 117,270,1183 0.5
•St. Louis 47.267.412 2.4 ....
Pittsburg 4ti.A01.132 4.5 ....
: »San Francisco .. 32.SS7.502 1.4
' •Baltimore 21.54C.001 13.1
Cincinnati 21,230.100 4.4
•Kansas City 22.953,498 2.0 ....
¦Cleveland 14.018,431 12.4
¦ •Minneapolis 18,507.773 1.2 ....
¦•New Orleans ... 10,004,400 10. 0
; Detroit - 8.7S4.447 1.2
! •Louisville 8,£>M7,:«H 8.0
Omaha 7,05(5,757 1.7
•Milwaukee 7.874,531 1.5 ....
•Providence 6,508.700 1.9
! G,278,!)29 0.7
I »St. Paul ' 5,771,409 5.3
| Indianapolis 5.918.554 10.5
I Los Angeles 5.485,307 35.4 ....
I 'St. Joseph 4.693.422 15.9
[Denver 4,«55.270 9.6
Richmond 3,828,905 17.0
I Columbus 4.714,500 8.4 ....
I Seattle 4,308,183 2.7 ....
! Washington 3.650,202 5.2 ....
| "Savannah 5.338.910 11.0
I Memphis 2,478.600 32.5
I Albany 3,573.025 8.0
Salt Lake City.. 2.904,748 15.0
! •Portland. Or 3,585.402 9.3
' 'Toledo 3,703.934 37.4
; Fort Worth 2.325, 5-!l 1.2
¦ Peoria 3,353,953 14.3
! Hartford 2.322.819 13.9
j Rochester 2.375.091 16.7
Atlanta 2.438.127 43.1
! Des Moines 2.031,351 8.3 ....
! New Haven 1.570.H49 25.4
i Nashville 2.104,399 27.7 ....
• Spokane. Wash... 2.331.911 30.3
Grand Rapids ... 1,810,3(77 20.8
Sioux City 1,223,243 13.0
: Springfield, Mass. 1. 330.889 9.2
Norfolk 1.753.837 15.5
Dayton 1,522.210 19.7
Tacoma 1.974,519 23.5
i Worcester 1.272.338 19.1
! Augusta Ga. .... 1.431,499 22.2
' Portland Me ... 1.515,607 15.3
! Scrsnton 1.581,8S!> 14.9
; Topeka 1.730.293 13.5
•Syracuse 1.053.407 23.3
I Evansville 1.125.282 3.5
¦.Wilmington Del.. 1.2S9.763 13.8
, Birmingham 1,07% 535 C.8
! Davenport 9T.5.892 23.2
; Fall River 870.530 17.3
! Little Rock 775.733 7.0
' Knoxville 1, 132.457 10.6
: llii-on «14.000 5.3
1 Wllkesbarre 892,715 14.9
Akron 638.000 3.8
¦ Springfield. Ill 903,142 45.2
: Whfelir.g W. Va. 735.02'i 12.0 ....
Wichita 74S.1SS 12.7
; Youngstown 571,053 12.6
Hck-na 635.103 12.9
; Lexington 4S2.9OI 15.3
Chattanooga 735,74." 32.1
¦ I,oweH 412,731 14.9
| N«r T.pdford 429.597 2.5
I Kalamazoo <!.V>.o<i4 •/ 38.0
' Fargo. N D.... 454.429 ' .... 9.0
Canton. O HM.000 30.3
'Jacknonrllle F!a. 544.327 90.2
[ Greensburg Pa.... 392.610
j Rwkfnrd. Ill SS7.7M 8.2 ....
i Springfield 0 301.400 20.2
I Binphamton 392.««O 7.7 ....
i Chcstrr Pa 4".«!fi2 71.0
I Bloomitipton. 111.. 851.082 10.2
i Quincy 111. 200.308 .... 15.1
! Sioux Fall?. S. D. ?78.99i! 4.t
Mansfield. 0 200.897
i .lacksrnvllle 111... 750.872 23.3
i Fremont Nebr... 5*00.230 («.1 ....
; t;tica 2.fn.s.:iss n.u
! Deoatur. Ill :!42,477 2.7
•••Houston 16.492.953 1.3
•••Galvfston ll.:tKO.r<irt 17.3
fharleston S. C. . 1.098.SH1
tGuthrie r,40,C01
Totals. U R....?2.Ofl8,347.9l8 .... 24.5
Outside N. Y.. s:{3,r.}0.6tl 1.3
CANADA.
' Montreal , $20.00.-.. 7(Vt 17.3
i Toronto ' M.B2»,772 12.9
Winriprs 4.593.0.S1 .... 5.9
Halifax "... l.«30,282 .... R.I
Ottown 1.429,097 .... 31.2
Vancouver. B. C. l.. r »19..;ii4 23.3
Quebec 1.229.K10 ..... 1.6
Hamilton 772,142 22.7
Pt John. N. B.., 935.I.O7 14.4
Victoria B. C... 572.815 .... 4.2
London ' 794.116 t 3.8 ....
Totals. Canada. $48,072,837 13.0
•Balances paid in cash. •••Not included in
totals because containing other items than
j clearings.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
FAMIL Y RETAIL MA RKET\
* . *
Prices of Meats, Poultry and Game have not
changed since last week. English Snipe are
added to the list of Game. A few changes in
Fieh will be noticed.
Butter, Cheese and Honey are In good sup
ply and prices stand about the same as quoted
last week. Receipts of freeh ranch Eggs are
steadily decreasing, but price* have not ad
vanced.
There are several minor changes in fruits
and vegetables, but most kinds are in good
supply, with prices normal. Cranberries ar s
much cheaper now that the new crop is on the
market.
COAL, PER TON—
Wellington .$— @10 CO New
Seattle $— © 8 50 Wellington $— ©10 00
Roslyn $— @ 0 00 Coos Bay ..$ ; -# 7 CO
Richmond ...$— @ 9 50 Greta .$ — 9 0 00
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.—
Butter, choice, sq6O@75 Common Eggs. . .30@35
Do good 40@55 Ranch Eggs. .'. . .40SN5
Do packed. lb274<fM0 Eastern Eggs — ®30
Cheese, Cal 1502c Honey, comb, per
Cheese, Eastern. 20@25 pound — ®20
Cheese. Swiss... i,-. I Do extracted.. 8@10
MEATS, PER POUND—
Bacon 18f25|Pork Sausage. .124m5
Hams 1«®IS Smoked Beef — @20
Lard .'...124®— I
The San Francleco Butchers' Protective As
sociation gives the following retail prices for
meats :
Roast Beef .lOftSOiHIndqrtr Lamb.. 18020
Tenderloin Steak. 15@18 Foreqtr Mutton.. 8@10
Porterhse. dol7*< ¦•> Leg Mutton ...12H@13
Sirloin Steak.. 12^mr. Mutton Chops. .12H@18
Round Steak ..10®12Vi Mutton Stew 8@10
Beef Stew — S10 Roaat Veal 12®20
Corned Beef 8«10lVeal Cutlets 15@20
Soup Bones 4® — (Veal Stew 12^<S?15
Soup Meat 5@1C Roast Pork ...12'~'"'
Lamb Chops — tttir j> O rk Chops 15@18
Foreqtr Lamb.l2^@15 : '
POULTRY AND GAME—
Hens, each 60@75 Geese, each $175
Young Roosters, iGoslings $2 00
each eo®75 Pigeons, pair ...—©30
Old Roosters. ea.SOffW 1 Squabs, per pair. — (B50
Fryers, each . . .50@«0 Rabbite, each 20@23
Broilers, each . .40®5<>!Hare. each — <g20
Turkeys, per lb. .23@28 Wild Doves, dz.. SI 50
Ducks, each 75c«$l .English Snipe, dz.$4 50
FRUITS AND NUTS—
Alligtr Pears, ea.25@35 Limes, do* 10015
Almonds ....... . 1515*20 Lemons, doz ..'..lS^a
Apples 3fl> 5 Nutmeg Mel, ea. SfblO
Blackberries, dr..35@40 £>ranges. doz 25030
Cantaloupes 10CT-5 Prunes, lb 60 8
Cranberries, qt.. — 4? 15 Pomegranates. ea2^(g.'J
Pecans — ©20 Peaches, per lb.. 69 8
Brazil Nuts 20® — Pears, per lb... 5@ 8
Bananas, doz. . ..25!g50 Pineapples, ea.^*.25«5O
Chestnuts — @12Vi Quinces, lb 3@ 5
Cceoanuts, each.. — fHO Raisins, per lb.. lift 15
Dried Figs, pr lb— «IO Raspberries. dr..40@60
Fresh Figs, lb... 0©10 Strawberries, per
Grapes, per lb...3@5 drawer 20C5O
OJrape Fruit. dz.75c!ff$l Walnuts, per lb. .l. r >ift20
Hucklbries. lb.lO@12V» Watermelons, ea.20@35
VEGETABLES—
Asparagus, lb. — @15Llma Beans, lb.. 4@ 6
Artichokes, doz. .40ft50; Onions, I.er lb.. 1@ 2
Beets, dozen lilii — Okra. green, lb. 5rr* tj
Beans, white, lb. SS? — Okra, dried, lb.. — <y25
Colored, pir Hi 5f? - Potatoes, lb 194W
•Dried Lima, lb. . KQ. S Parsnips, per dz.l5@20
Cabbage, each... .lyH Radlshes.dz bchslS^JO
Celery, head .V«l" Sage, dz bunchea25@ —
Cress, dz bunch. 1 ji?£ — String Beans, lb. 6@ 3
Cucumbers, dz. ..lOvlfi Summer Squash,
Garlic 5@ 6 ¦ per lb 30 5
Green Corn, doz.2. r .W 10 Sprouts, per lb.. C® S
Green Peppers, lb H® 5 Splnacn, per lb.— <g) 5
Dried Peppers . . !(»5?2r> liweet Potatoes,
Ekk Plant 3® 5 per lb 2@2%
Green Peas, lb... t;@ 8 rhyme.dz bnchs.2riG.lO
Lettuce, per doz.l5i?2fi rurnips, per dz.. — ©13
Leeks.dz bunchs.l5@20 tomatoes, lb ... 2© 3
FISH— *
Barracouta — 01."iSea Bass —^15
I'arp 10® 12V'. Smelts — ftlo
ratflsh — <-7. 12' ..Soles 10@12^i
• 'odflsh — ©Ii-i/, 'skates, each 10<S15
Flounders 10J« — Squid — @ —
Halibut 15® — Tomcod 12"/ 2 it—
Htrring — ® — Turbot 2U0i —
Mackerel — © — Trout, Salmon... — @-'K»
Do horse lf>(&.- - ITrout — <$W
Rockfish — itlti Vi Brook Trout . . . .—©60
»jalmon. fresh - (ft — Whlteflsh 10*$ —
Do smoked 15:&l:f Clams, gallon ..50« —
Sanlimn ..'; W<&— Do hardffhell.lb SiilO
Shrimps — #10 CrawfUh, lb...l2Vi@13
Shad 1»W( — Crabs, each — ® —
Striped Bass .. .15@20 Mussels, quart. — Sil2S
1'erch low— Oysters, Cal. 100.40050
Pomplno --ji.V) Do Eastern,dz..'>C@40
Rockcod — (8 15
and Hay maintains the strength already noted.
Pr.ces remain unchanged.
Hit AN — ?-l 504/^2 bo per ton.
MIDDLINGS— 32« SC^'S per ton.
SHORTS — $121 50(822 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $24025 per
ton; Oilcake- Meal at the mill, $26(g2C 50; job
bing, $27Sj27 50; Co-x-anut Cake, $21@22;
Corn Meal, $.52 S0&S3; Cracked Corn, $33®
33 50; Mixed Feed, $SZ 5C@23 50; Horse Beans,
$2$@80 per ton.
H\Y— Wheat. $ll@lt 50. with sales of extra
choice at ?15; Wheat and Oat, $11@13 50; Oat,
$1GS1."S; Wild Oat, )fU 50011 50; Barley. J'Jfrll;
Clover. $S 5u@ll; Stock, $S(g9; Alfalfa, $!) 500
10 50 oer ton.
STRAW — 35@G5c per bale.
the session the market strengthened, on cover
ing and the close was firm, with December &Q>
Vic higher at 78%c.
Corn opend at higher prices on strong cables,
a good shipping demand and light country of
ferings, and with active \juylng on the part of
the big shorts the market advanced still further
during the opening hour. December closed 40
%c higher at 45?«c.
There was a general trade in oats and prices
were influenced largely by the action of other
grains. December closed 4c higher at 834c
Provisions were quiet, but further covering
by shorts in October ribs stimulated a firm
feeling throughout the list. The strength In
corn was also a bull factor. Offerings were
light during the greater part of the day. The
close was steady, with January pork up Sc,
January lard 5c higher and ribs up 24c
The leading futures ranged as follows:
I BOND and STOCK SALES. |
only feature was lower quotations for Giant
Powder, which sold down to $64.
Ex-coupon yesterday: Otnnibus Caole Rail
way Company t>», 1918. semi annual, amount
inr to $ao.noo. .
The recent advance In Home Otl la sa.ld.tu
be due to the settlement of the Hearst matter
in regard to the delivery of oil and to the
Supreme Court decision passing favorably upon
the Homestake tit!* to the land, thereby re
movtng *'l doubt a? to the Home territory
As to the delivery of oil the arrangement i»
.ire per barrel for 57 ooO barrels. 48.000 of
which were due to Mrn Hearst for otl ad
vanced, and the remainder to> Homestake Oil
Company for royalty. By the terms of settle
ment Honn Oil was to have paU $10,000 In
rash and the balance in five months secured
by notes. It Is stated that the money has been'
secured and the entire amount of the debt dis
charged. The effect of the settlement will be-,
to give Home Oil 33c per barrel for all pro
duced up to the amount of the debt settled with
Mrs. Hearst. • ' -
The Kentuck Consolidated Mining Company
has levied an assessment of 3 cents per share.
Best & Belcher has been assessed 10 cents
and Seg. Belcher 5 centsi
market was liberally supplied with Peaches,
which moved slowly owing to the poor quality
of most of the offerings. Pomegranates were
in good request and steady, while Melons were
very dull. The Seedless variety of table
Grapes were scare* and firm at higher rates,
while all other varieties were in excessive sup
ply and weak. Wine Grapes arrived freely and
were quoted lower, but moved off well at th»
revised quotations. All the other fruits stood
about as previously quoted, supplies of most
kinds being in excess of the demand. '
Berries arrived freely and were dull, except
for fancy Longworth Strawberries. A large
portion of the receipts of Mallnda Strawberries
went to the rxsddlera at the minimum quota
tion and th? canners secured most of the Rasp
berries at $3 50 per chest. Coos Bay Cran
berri'r moved slowly and were quoted lower.
Cape Cod were unchanged.
STRAWBERRIES— Malindas. $1 50^4 per
chest: Longworthf. $5@7.
RASPBERRIES— ?3 50(g5 per chest.
HUCKLKiiKKItlfcS— li'u?>v pea lb.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, *S ~.V?9 per
bbl; Coos Bay. $3 oer box.
APPLES— $1®1 25 per box for fancy. 50®
66c for good to choice and 254040c lor com
mon.
PEARS— l?artlett». 51®1 50: winter va-l«
tles 60@75c per box for common and $1®1 25
for Winter Nellis.
QUINCES — 8&<85Oc per box.
FIGS — Black. 40(J75c for double layers. 25©
35c for drawers and 85c©$l for large boxes
from the river; White, 35@50c per box.
PRUNES — 6C<385c per box or crate.
PEACHES— Small boxes. 4O@60c; carriers.
40@e0c; large open boxes, 60#75c.
POMEGRANAXES — 5U&75C for small box-a
and ?1 50<32 2ft for large.
GRAPES— Seedless. 85c(g$l per box; Isabella.
50-3«5c per crate; other varieties. 30@40e for
small boxes: 40©60c for crates and 609*3e
for large open boxes; Wine Grapes. |20®2t
per ton for Ztqfandel. $1S@2O for Mission ana
$15 for White.
MELONS— Cantaloupes. $lig>l 50 per crate;
Nutmeg Melons, 40<d7oc p«r box; Watermelons.
10620c each.
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges. $2 5033 for fan
cy Valencias. $2®2 50 for choice and $181 50
for *tandaid; Sesdlings, $1®1 25: Lemons. $1&
3 per bcx: Grape Fruit, $2®2 50; Mexican
Limes. $4 60<35; Bananas. $1 25@2 per bunch;
Pineapples, i'JUi'.i per dozen.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 3. 1903.
Bran and Middlings are quoted very firm,
Hay and Fcedstuffs.-
Continued on Page Thirteen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
All descriptions of fresh fruits were In ample
supply and the market had an 'easy tone, aa
the cool." cloudy weather checked trade. Strictly
fancy, highly colored Apples continued to move
freely at steady prices, but low-grade stock,
which was abundant, dragged at . unsteady
rates. .Fine Bartlett and Winter Nellls Pears
were In good request and firm. t<arge lines of
the latter were being put in cold storage. ."The
STOCK MARKET.
Flour and Miitstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 60©
4 85. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 K^i 60;
Oregon and Washington, $3 SM.'fH 20 per bbl
for family and $3 90@4 40 for Bakers .
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are aa
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100'lbs; Rye
Flour.- $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour. $7;
Corn Meal. $3 25; extra cream do. $4; Oat
C.roatfi. $4 50; Hominy. $404 25: Buckwheat
Flour. $4 0004 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50: Rolled
Oats bbls. ?7 25(88 60; In sacks. $6 75©. S 10;
Pearl Barley. 96; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas. (5 50 per 100 lbs.
Chicago Grain Market.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE AT UNION STOCK YARD.
THIRTEENTH AND HARRISON *¥.. 8. F..
SATURDAY. Oct. 3. 1903. at 11 a. m. Fifty
head broke and unbroke Horses. Must be sold.
¦ s property has changed hands.THE SAN FKANCISCO CAL,I_> SATURDAY, OCTOBER 3, 19ft3.
12
HELP WASTED — MALE-— Con^
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
520 — Sacramento st. — 320.
Phone Main 1191 Cor. Leidesdorfl st.
Steamer sails 2 d. m. to-day
To E-U-R-E-K-A.
Call and see us about Eureka.
EUREKA— HUMBOLDT CO.— -JVP.EKA.
Half Fare— Fee $1— Half Fare.
LAP.GE LUMBER CO.
25 laborers, railroad in woods. $40 aad found;
steady Job: new work.
EVreman new box factory, see boss here;
steady job; $100.
HUMBOLDT CO. FREE FARE.
25 Italian laborers. R. R. work. In woods;
steady; Italian camp; $35 and found.
PRIVATE R. R. — Near City — No Discount.
15 trackmen and laborers. $2 day; cheap
board: very long Job; fee $1.
10 laborers, private E. R. R-. near city:
steady Job; board where you please; pay
weekly, $2 /day; FEE $1; company's own
work.
BUTTE CO. — Diamond Match Co.'s Work.
. CHICO— FEE $1— HALF FARE.
150 teamsters, laborers, rockmen, concrete
men. splkers, trackmen, etc., $2 to $2 60
day; 10 tunnel men, $60 found; ship to-night.
WILLITS— UKIAH ROUTB— FREE FARE.
25 teamsters, laborers, $2 25; fee $1.
NEVADA — RENO — BEOWAW E — GOI*-
CONDA. \
FREE FARE— FREE FARF.
25 laborers; S. P. R. R. Co.'s own work.
20 laborers, factory, $2 10 to $2 40 day.
COAL* MINERS— OREGON— FREE FARE.
Band sawyer: lumber company; $100 found.
10 laborers, handle and truck grain. $3.
5 teamsters, large ranch. $40 and found.
20 miners, north, east and south.
300 muckers, carmen and laborers, mines.
500 men; woods, yards and mills In seven
different counties of State; see us.
Big tunnel, near city, free fare, f«e $1.
20 muckers. $C0; 20 tunnel men. $75.
300 laborers, different Jobs; big wages.
Farracr and wife. Nevada, boss here.
6 laborers, city manufacturing company; 2
bell boys, city. $15 and found.
100 woodchoppers, tiemakers, sMr_le bolt
makers, cooks, waiters, dishwashers, etc.
Call and procure a free list of Job*; also read
our bulletin boards.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520 Sacramento st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 60 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 B0; we pay
express or mail chrgs. 11 3d St., Exam. bid.
WANTED— For U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied unmarried men, between 21 and 35;
good character: must speak, read and write
English: marines serve at sea on men-of-
war in all parts of the world, on land in our
island no-sesslon*. and at naval stations in
the. United State*. Apply at recruiting of-
fice, 40 Ellis _t.. San Francisco, Cal.. and
401 K St.. Sacramento. Cal.
SALESMAN, traveling or local: staple article
as side line for drug and kindred trades; full
£\ n i r °L of terrl tory; pocket sample case.
• BAYER. CG B»ekman St.. New York.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. R»no House proprietor has
added 10O new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st. ; 250 rooms; 23c to 50c per night.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks Te^
quired: special offer this month; cata'.oirue
and full Information mailed free. MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay it.
WANTED — Rouglr carpenters and laborers Ap-
ply room 14. 28 Montgomery at.. San Fran-
cisco Construction Company.
BOY in tin shop: learn trade; 16 years. 633
Mission st
WANTED — Energetic salesman for outside
work. THORN E & CO.. 312 Bush st.
MclONALD .. PERRY have a large stock of
new and scond-hand shoes; cheap. 233 .TJ st.
PENFION atty. E. A. Bullls, room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition in S F.
Barber School. 741 A Howard St.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart tt.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third et. ~near~Marl
ket— 700 rooms. 35c nljtht; reading rooms;
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ALL sizes men's »hoe-. slightly damaged haTf
price. Cat Mtftioa st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GTST your shoes half soled while waiting- 25c
to 50c. IKi Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HOUSES AXD AVAGOXS. ~
FOR sale — Bay mare (standard registered), rub-
ber-tired runabout, harness, robes, whips,
etc.; price $200: will sell mare alone If want-
ed. Apply room 12. Abrahamson building.
Thirtrnth prul Washington sts.. Oakland.
HARNESS nnd saddle, the bent for th- money
at \JE."SFTN BROS. CO.. inc.. the big store!
1115-11 47 Market st.. San FrancUco.
FOK n\*— A blnck carriace team. 7 and S
yearn cM; sound a-nd jr-ntle. Box 4.173, Call.
Largeyt assortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd. sur-
roy.harness. work. driving horses. 15th-Valer.cia
8 GOOD hor!>»s for sale cheap. 327 Sixth st.
Al EXPHEPS vagon, light camping wagon and
gecart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
HOUSES TO LET. ~
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list;
frvlce absolutely free; take advantage of
th!s department; It wlil save you time and
trcuble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-25!) Geary
et.. on the square.
VAN NESS avp.. 2101. near Pacific ave.— Mod-
ern house; 10 rooms; rent $70.
$.12 50 — SUNNY modern houses 7 rooms ar._l
hath. 72O Brrxlerlck. near McAllister St.
BEFOp.E n/>vlnjr get our printed list of houses
tn let. BALDWIN fc HOWF.LL. 25 Post ft.
HOUSES TO^ET — FUUXISHSO.
FURNISHED house to let at reduced rent; 10
rooins and bath, with stable. 2U28 Folsom
st. : apply on premises.
OAK. 41f> — E>gantlv furnished house: 10 rooms
and 2 baths: Innr* garden: grand view.
LOST AMI FOUND.
LOST — Purse with chain en brown belt. Finder
will please return rtwm 22. Abbottsford
House, on Broadway, between Polk and Lar-
kin sts.
I LOST — Diamond locket engraved R. P. Finder
j will receive reward upon return to Columbia
' Theater.
LOST — A parrot. Return 1713 Golden Gate
ave.: reward.
LOST— A parsbook with ta* Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of MRS. A. E. -f)OTON, No. 71-009
The find-r will pl«-ese return to bank.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Cnie Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold and sliver to make new watch cases.
MEDICAL. "
BAN FRANCISCO'SEMINENT PHYSICIAN^
DOCTOR WHITE
TREATS WOMEN ONLY.
702 MARKET ST., room 7. Phone Red 3321
Every ;facillty for the BEST treatment of
all diseases and disorders of women. Elegant
sanatorium. Select patients. Strictly confi-
dential. Fees within the reach of all.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints: Instant relief guaranteed; 30
-years' experience; removed to 82G Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irresularttie*; instant re-
lief Guaranteed. 100SV4 M.irxet St., cpp. 6th.
DR. G. ,W. O'DONNELL — All who ar- sick or
in trovb'e consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected: the unfor-
tunate helped: the most difficult c_ses treat-
rd; advice free. Office. 1018 Markit st.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
In cbstetrics. female complaints: Inst. relief;
trcctment $10; hours, 10 to 5; 2r» yrv. exper.
! MRS. D. ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable ladies'
I specialist: a private home before a:-d during
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
A maternity villa; private: secluded; conflden-
tlal. Dr. E. Funke, 141C Eighth »t.. Alameda,
DR. ROSEN, moved to 2i>95 Folsom st.. corner
20th; relief $10; ladles' exclusive office.
DR. and MRS.DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method cf treatment. 112fl ?larket gt.
DR. NO TOY KEE. 31!» Powell St.. opposite
Union square; all diseases cured b> herbs.
„_______ . _ __
¦ ¦ — ¦ - - - . i. . »-
LADIES, you are tnvlted to visit my millinery
opening to-day and to-mfcrrow; Imported and
New York bats. MME. PQgCH. 207 Post st.
MISCELLAXEOfS — FOR SALE.
DOEsT YOUR ROOF LEAK? ~~
Repair it with elaterlte: In rolls easy to lay;
needs no pa'ntlng cr coating; good over old
Iron, tin cr shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATKRITK ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HD. machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulley*, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE M'CHY CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
FOR sale cherj^ . $25. first-class ticket to Co-
lumbua, Ohiu; suitable for medium blonde
lady; final limit Oct. 15. 1903. Address
Blondln. hOO K St.. Sacramento, Cal.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont st.
mi scei- -.a:\eops for 9ai*b-— c»Aj
A— Fine suits. $7 50; dress pant* * 2 1 * 0 -° rt * ! '
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23S. Kearny st
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73- Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. ne«u
Pine; open till 9 p. to. Sunday to noon.
A^BUYS. seTl7 or re"nts Rear machinery, en-
gines, boilers water pipe; shaft.ln_\ pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spearjit^
FOR sale— Million of good rww hard^brlck;
at Glen Ellen. Apply to DR. C. C.ODON-
NELJU. 1021 & Market St. ¦ . ' '
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 BO pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 CO; we pay express
charges. 11 3d jrt.» Exam, bid. ; catalog, free.
FIRST-CLASS -pump, windmill, tank and
tower; cheap* s_O«t' Howard st..' near 26th.
FOR sale — Two fine 1-year-old St- Bernard
dogs. 782 Haight st. ' ¦ ' ' .
FOR sale — Fine lot of movlns pictures; great
bargain. Novelty Theater. Oakland. j
SAFES — New and »*cond-hand: . THE HER.
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard A Breck. 13t Post St.
MILES of pipe and fittings: all sixes. EU-
GENE RILKY & SONS. 100 Vallejo St.'
SAFE — Prlc» »50. Bella Union Phonograph
Parlors. 8<>5 Kearny st^ • ;
MOVINO picture film and son* slides. 109
Montgomery st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st. ; '
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs: hammocks,
metal beds, mattresses. J.F.Hotter, 712 Mission.
Edleon phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl, 933 Mlct.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles aad launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: all
make*. ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Montg'y.
3IISCELI_ASEOCS WA5TS.
BOOKS and librar!es~bouKbt" ~H. C. HOLMES*.
1141) Market St.: phon» Jessie 3741. or postal..
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Jessie 2831.
A BIG price paid fcr a-alskins; send postal.
25 3tr>rkton st. ; phone Bush 484.
3IO.XEY TO LOAX. .
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY, r—— -
601-C02-eai Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.' .
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided lntei^
ests. assignments of rents property In trust,
etc. ; legacies, life estates' and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment Strictly confl-entlai.
When You* Need Money'
See HERMAN MURPHJT • •
"DEAL DIRECT WITH LENDER."'".
Save time. Interest and expenses.' '
A retired Eastern gentleman will lend ans
part of $50,000 at 5 per cent per. annum on
1st. 2d or 3d mortgages, .city." Oakland, town
or country property; loans can b« paid In
installments or to suit borrower; state, full
particulars of property; no Interviews other-
wlse. Address box 249S. Call office,.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal; to salaried people on their not*
without security or knowledge of employer;
lowest rates; best terms; quickest service and
absolute privacy; special rates to municipal
employes and teachers. The National Credit
_Co.. r. e8-€9 Donohoe bid., 1170 -Iarket st.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry; . at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry • Store «48
Market st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branchy 19 Third.-
MONET loaned to salaried people, xrtill mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses.. WlthouJ
security; easy payments: largest .business In.
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg..
THE Open Credit Assn. makes, advances td
responsible salaried p*ople, confldentfjrUyr
new and simple plan: . easy Installments.
Room 50. Academy of Sciences. S13 M^rkcj.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE 103 Grant" »ve.;'
LOANS FROM $1 TO. $10,<_>>: "... . *"
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans tt? salaciea"
people on .their • note:*
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan' b'.dg. _¦
MONEY to loan on low Interest; .xo'IdX silver.-,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones 'bouehf
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sl.Tth st. ¦ •-.' ',
ON furniture, piano: no removal. E. Vf-. LICK.--
1003 Mutual Savings Baric bids... '•08 Market.,
MONEY loaned to salaried employes."' ¦(?. VI".
MILLER, room 74. fifth floor. Chronicle bldy.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no' repioval;
V. TRE-IAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st." floor '4.
ALL loan* on diamonds and Jewelry 2 p«r tent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 5M Kearny.
J3TAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R.311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bid.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes" w-Jthovt
lndor»er. MORRELL. CCO Examiner' bldg.
MUSICAL IXSTnCMEVfS. ' ".
Sherman & Hyde upright «.:.'•'.. $117
Filsber ..-¦ t5
Singer ...i.'..lKt
2 Stelnways .....$165.. -.3UO
2 Chlckerings 83 1.5ft
•2 Heine* 237 : . _,s5
Rents. $2 up. apply on purchaser install-,
ments, $1 up. :¦¦ ¦'¦¦
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary st.; lanj- -
«">t exclusive piano house of the .-West* v ¦"*
AN upright piano shipped by high class 'EasU
ern manufacturers will be sold at actual ccst
to save return of freight. 237 Geary, st.
STKIXWAY upriRht. left by private 'party.
$1C5; a great bargain. 237 Geary st..
THIS AD IS OUR BIGGEST EXPENSE.
We pay no rent, as we own the- building. «
The only reasrnn we advertise Is to let you
know we rent the best piano In the city for ».:
per month. Now we can aell you one Just 'the*
fame. Our expenses are so very much less
thsn other firms, why not Investigate our prices
and compare notes? Invest 5c carfare arid sava
from $73 to $150 on a piano. SCOTT-CURT \_5
PIANO CO.. C»:0-«_-C4 Hayes st.
YOU do not take any chances when .buying
from us. Our method- are well known to be>
op*n and above board. "Bis bargains, not
[ bis ads." Is our rule. All soods guaranteed
as represented or no «ale. Call amt see tare*
pssortnent of new and used instruments
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO .- 7) 3
Market st.
A FEW frood bargains, from $60 up/ inc'udln?
such makes as Mason _c Hamlln. - Vo*-*
Sterling. Marshal! & Wendell. Fischer. KirVc-
mann. Carlitt. Weser. Pease. Kohler *' Ch*4« .
and many others: eiay paymsnts. Ben). C_r- '
tiz ft Son. 16 O'FarreM; no branches In S. F. '
THE grei»test opportunity ever offered In San
Francisco to get a good reliable piano cheap.
Before our removal w« will sacrifice any In-
strument for ca*h or Installments. Call r-
wrlte for ortces and terms at once. KOHLEFl
A CHASE. Established 1.V5O. 30 CFafrelL
WANTED — 3 good square pianos'. 1 " concert
grand piano. 2 organs for halls. ' BYRON
MAUZY. 308 Post st. ".
BAND Instrument* ; F. Besson. Parts, maker;
Gus Malwa!<J. Aict. Pae. Coast. 27S O'Farrell;
skillful repairing; 2d-hand Instruments sold.
A STECK * GABLEU upright, nearly new.
cheap: a snap. HORNUNG. 218 McAllister.
RARE chance: cash or payments; elegant his'» 1
grade upright. 18 McAllister st. .
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whltehead's Storage. 1S36 Market st...
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway upright ;_ano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's.2S5 O'Farrell.
SOHMER, Byron Mauxy pianos. Ceclllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Post st. .
SUPERIOTt violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place. .
OKKICEJ* AMP STOKES TO LET.
DESK room for rent; Farrott bldg. Box
4028. Call. _______
STORE with large basement; below Kaarny
st.: rent $30. Apply «3*> Clay st.. room 1.
riAXOS AXO ORCA.SS.
PAKT of our list of bargains In second-hand
pianos tor September. 1'jo. —
Original
1 SCHUMAN A SONS— NOW#
Walnut case, medium «tze. T 1-3 '.•
octaves, three pedals, raised carved " '
panels. In good condition 1300 nu
1 RICHMOND— * iW
Mahogany case, small slse. raised • *
cai veil panels. 7 1-3 octaves, three '" '
pedals, slightly used, but tn good
condition 306 'ITS*
1 SPENCER— . 1TS
Walnut case, cabinet grand, en-
graved panels, three pedal*. 7 1-3 - .' '
octaves, good condition 323 m
_ HOWARDS— . . .
Walnut cases, medium size, 7 1.3
octaves, three pedals, mandolin at-
tachments, good condition; eaciP. 300 MS
1 MOLLENHAUER A BACH— .
Walnut case, large size, raised
carved panels, three pedals. 7 1-3
octaves. In very good condition... Sao • loo
• 1 NEWMAN BRO3.— .* w
Walnut case, large size upright. 1
T 1-1 octaves, thoroughly renovated. 4
equal to new 1 353 -^
1 LUDWIO _c CO.— . ***
Oak case, medium size, raised,
caned panels. 7 1-3 octaves, three
pedals, good tone. In fine condition. 330 210
Complete ljst furnished on application at
onr store. SHERMAN. CI_\T * OO
Corner Kearny aad Sutter tts.
BRI,r WAVTKI) HAI.B Toil.
MURRAY & READY, &14 and 636 Clay St.
PHONE MAIN 5S1S.
Leading Employment and Latwjr Agents.
1902 WE GAVE ~~ 1903 WE'LL GIVE
45,000 MEN WORK. 00,000 MEN WOKK.
5697 men wanted TO-DAY^for
ARIZONA. OREGON,
NEVADA. WILLITS. UKIAH.
And all points north, east, south on Southern
Pacific and Santa Fe systems; free pass
ON EVERY TRAIN.
SECTION HANDS. MUCKERS. DRILLERS.
Extra Gangs, Teamsters, Hammersmen.
MINES, TUNNELS, QUARRIES.
. 96 miners, all over State, $00 nnd $S2 50.
105 drillers, all over State, $82 50 and $75.
365 laborers and muckers everywhere, $60,
$75 and $S2 50.
«4 timbermen, carmen, furnace men, $C0 to
$90.
FRUIT PICKERS. Jl FEE.
137 fruit pickers, men or boys, $30 to $37 50
and found.
STABLES. FARMS. ORCHARDS, DAIRIES.
236 farm and orchard hands. $30. $35. $40 fd.
6fi milkers, butter and cneese makers. $30 to
$60 and found.
20 choremen, coachmen, gardeners etc., $30
to $40 and found.
10 stablemen, city, country Jobs. $30 to $00
1 and found. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay at.
SAWMILLS WOODS.
IN 4 STATES. -
633 laborers, r.o experience wanted, $40 to
70 and found.
196 mill and yard men. $50 to $150 1
365 WOODCHOPPERS.
; 287 TIEMAKERS.
AH classes of experienced men for woods,
mills, etc., from ?50, $60. $70. $S0, $90. $100.
$125 to $150 month.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
SPECIALS TO-DAY.
ARIZONA— TO-NIGHT.
MARYSVILLE. CHICO, PLACERVILLE.
186 carpenters, helpers, laborers, teamsters,
drillers and other help, you go, $82 50. $75.
$67- 50.
SANTA CRUZ COUNTY.
26 laborers to pile lumber, $60. \
WILLITS UKIAH.
164 teamsters, laborers, etc., free fare, $67 50.
(55 laborers, special electric R. R., near city,
$07 50.
RESERVOIR WORK.
BO teamsters and laborers, fare $1 20, $60.
$67 50." i
COAL MINERS— OREGON— FREE FARE.
C5 coal miners. Oregon, J3 to $5 day.
BIG NEW TUNNELr-HALF FARE.
03 tunnelmen, *82 50.
12 butchers, different Jobs, ?30, $35, $40, $60,
$70, SSO and found.
Pigs' feet shaver, ?2 25 day; handy man with
knife, S2 25.
BIG SAWMILL.
2 f?ooI tenders. .<56.
3 log loaders, $65.
2 timber fellers, $80.
Band resawyer.
Best wares at , MURRAY & READY'S,
Best places at G34-636 Clay st.
BOARD YOURSELVES^
$2 25 DAY— STEADY WORK
155 Greeks or Portuguese: new work.
155 Italians or Slavonians; new work.
155 Austrian* or Spaniards; new work.
155 Mexicans or Russians; new work.
MURRAY & READY, 634-630 Clay et.
COOKS. WAITERS. PORTERS.
24 cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps, mines
and ranches, city and country. WO to $70 fd.
12 waiters, city and country, $25 to $40 fd.
10 elevator boys and porters.
Steward, country hotel. , \.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MIDNIGHT ORDERS—
Grader, sugar pine lumber, $90.
Pipe man, lumber company, $2 50 day.
Meat cutter, shop. $15: shop butcher. $2 50
day.
v BIG. GOOD MINE.
25 laborers, you'll suit. ?P0 to $75
155 ITALIANS— FREE FARE.
To Los Angeles and Arizona.
Butcher wagon Jr.b. fare $1, $35 and found.
Clerk. charKe hat department, fare $1, $G0
WARKHOUSE— $1 FARE.
f> laborers, you'll suit. $1 flay.
Circular saw filer, eltv mill. $3 day.
Sticker hand, clly mill $4 day
Drill sharpener. Nevada, free fare. $40 fd
Butcher, shop, fare si. $ JS and found.
FRESNO— FRESNO
25 woodsmen fare paid. Pee us
NAPA— NAPA.
fi5 Italians, free farn $CO
Painter. $3 50 day. ' .
Head Dolbeer Jogger. $90
2 younsr men. learn leather tannlnsr. $9 week
3 tinsmiths, factory, city $3 a day.
3 painters.. stripe letter $2 60 to $3 a day,
6 deck hands: 5 freight handlers.
Cook, also waiter. Nevada $50 and $30 fd.
2 German-Swiss milkers fare $1 25, $30 fd.
Boy. fire boiler, $0.
Waiter, country louvre. $35 found.
.1 laborers, factory. 20c fare, $14 week.
Fourth-hand baker. 10c fare *30 and found.
Sheep herder. - $.10 ' and found.
2 coopers, factory 20o fare $3 25 day.
FREE FARE.
12 laborer*. 12 miW away ?f>0
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay »t.
INRIDB WORK.
NO LOST TIME— WOP K EVERY DAY
YEAH ROUND.
FARE— SPECIAL RATE — $5.
C5 laborer?— YOU CAN. DO IT— ?no to $75.
MURRAY & READY\C!4-636 Clay st.
WACES $75. WAGKS.
WAGES $«2 50. WAGES.
".3 two-horse, four-horse teamsters, $75.
20 laborers and muckers. $75.
2!> drillers, headermen. $S2 50.
Manager here; cost you ?1 fee; $1 fee.
THAT'S ALL.
DIAMOND MATCH TRUST.
CHICO, El'TTE. CHICO. BUTTE.
MURRAY & READY. 634-«v;s Clay «t.
S MECHANICAL AND OTHERS.
3 Mack coopers. Op.
s cabinet makers.
Cut-off sawyer: 12 boys to lesm trad?s, city.
SC BLACKSMITHS.
Also many h«li>ers all over California, $50,
$t;0 $70, ?S0. «<IO found.
LOCATED EVERYWHERE,
(wfi laborers nnd te<'rnsten«. ctty and country;
romp factories, mill:?, warehcusea. excava-
ting 1 . buihllnK. etc. ; many in San Francisco:
lot* to board home; *2, ?_ 25, «*> 50. ?'-" 75
day; HO carmen nnd furnace men, $67, $"3-
lied »%c?itlcns not advertised.
COME— SEE.
Best Places at MURRAY & HEADY'S.
Biggest Wases at gt4-636 Clay st.
TO-DAY— $2 .-»</
TO KL'REKA $2 ."»•)
$0 so EUREKA
• 55 Ir.bortrs for bljr lumber company, no ex-
perience wnnted. ?60 to $73 month, board
$15 a month.
MURHAY & READY, 634-633 Clay st.
FREK HUMBOLDT COUNTY. FARE
FARE HUMBOLDT COUNTY. FREE
25 Italians. 25 Portuguese.
25 Austrian*. 25 Spaniards.
25 Mexicans. 25 Greeks.
$35 and found.
As laborers blsr ¦ lumber company in woods
and their railroad. ;
MURftAY & READY, 031-036 Clay st.
11:15 P. M. PHONE ORDERS.
DNhwofher, sawmill, fare i«ud. $"0 found.
Man, cut meat. Institution. $30 found.
2 German laborers, city wine cellar-. $10-$l2.
12 yours men. city factories. $1 50 a day.
0 carpenter*, house work, fare SI, $3 to $3 50.
Waiter, Eureka, fare paid. $35 and found.
Vest, pants, coat makers. 3 men. country.
Clerk, our office, young man, live home In |
CAi " BIG FACTORY.
15 litborers. fare 70c. $2 20 a day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Pay st.
TRY our men's Those, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50. or
orthopedic ahors, $3 50; best shoes on earth. 11
Third st.. Exam. bidg.. 6 doors from Market.
WANTED — Butcher boy. Apply at 14C9 Do-
vlsadero st^
DISHWASHER wanted at 465-4^ Valencia st.
NURSERYMAN and florlat wanted. Call 500
HalRht st. •
BOOTBLACK wanted: young man preferred.
208 Third St., near Howard.
WANTED — Walter at Golden Gate. Hotel, 164
Fourth st.
WAITER wanted at the Golden West Hotel,
C8-7S Ellis st.
TAILOR wanted: must be first-class bushel-
man; stead v Job. S. U. WOOD & CO.
GOOD experienced cutter; no other need a.\>-
ply. S. N. WOOD A CO.. 74:> Market st.
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
.\pply bet. 0 anil }l'a. m. at HALE BROS.'
YOUNG man In office of large corporation;
rrnduate of business college preferred; salary
$20 per month. Box 12C0. Call office.
BOY over 10 years to drive wagon and work
In flower store: references. SIIIBELEY, 311
Sutter et
FOR SALE — Flrft-class union barber shop;
location San Pnblo ave.. Oakland. Address
box 831. Call office. Okaland. •
MAN w_ntei to sell ruffled curtains In San
Francisco. JOHN M. HASSALL. 78 Bedford
St., Boston, Maw. t
WANTED — First-class domestic salesman;
State age, experience and s.lary expected.
Apply box 4021, Call.
15 BARBER chairs and machinery as a whole
. or In part fcr sale at Russ House barber
shop. 217 Montgomery st.
RESPONSIBLE man. for steady position; $150
cash . required. 1C.12 Mr.rket st... room .. .'
BRIGHT 'boy to learn ; trade; wages. Carson
Glove Co., 123 Second st.
WILL buy: good paying barber shop. city, or
country, 'or take good Job. Box 4C22.. Call.
BOY about 15 years of age for men's furnish-
ing store. 424 Kearny st.
EMPLOY3IENT WANTED — MALE.
MAN and wife want situations; man can speak
German, Spanish and English; can do any
kind of work; wife speaks Italian and Span-
lsh. Box 4392. Call.
STEWARD, head waiter wishes a position; 20
years' experience; meat and pastry cook;
single; close buyer; moderate salary; city or
country. Box 1212, Call.
FIRST-CLASS meat and pastry cook wants
position In Institution, restaurant, boarding-
house, hotel; best of references; city or coun-
try. 319 H O'Farrell st.
A FIRST-CLASS coachman wishes position;
city; private family; sober, obliging; good
references. Box 4300, Call.
MAN, 35 years old, lately from Europe, wishes
position; city or country: Is a first-class
candy and glace fruit maker; '20 years' ex-
perience In France and Italy; speaks French.
Italian. Spanish. J. PETRALIA. 412 Broad-
way.
DO you want a single, middle-aysd, experi-
enced American, cood references, to cook, do
housework, carpenter, milk, make butter,
care of poultry, do odd Jobs; suburban place;
small family. W. G. Williams. 321 Ellis st.
ASSISTANT bookkeeper, bill cWk (young
man), desires position; 2 years last place and
good reference from same. H. D. C, 119
Filth st., third flat.
SITUATION wanted as mechanical engineer or
construction or designing engineer for general
mill work by technical graduate; best of ref-
erence?. Box 4017, Call.
BY tool and die maker and also do general
li^ht machine bench and repair work; fully
equipped with tools. Ingenuity and 12 years'
experience. Box 4023, Call.
EXPERIENCED young man, understanding
bookkeeping, stenography and general office
work, wants permanent position here or else-
where. Address Permanent, box 4026, Call.
MAN and wife wish positions on a ranch; wife
is good cook and man handy around farm.
1502 Polk St.. near California.
A FIRST-CLASS up-to-date landscape gardener
wants position on private place; l^st refer-
ences; 20 years' experience. Bok 4013, Call.
EXPERT male stenographer wants a position
in the country. Box 4014, Call.
A RELIABLE sober Eastern man wants work
of any kind; moderate salary. Box 403;$, Call.
YOUNG man would like to learn packing In
wholesale house. Box 43S4. Call office.
A JAPANESE high school mudent wants situ-
ation as school boy in small family; $2 week; I
plain cook. Call on next name or by letter.
IIOSAKA. S07 Polk st.
A JAPANESE wants position, any kind of
work In hardware store; have expt-rience In
hardware store business. J. SHIOTA, 1329
Pine. st.
JAPANESE married couple would like situa-
tions; man good housework or K—rdencr and
wife good cook. Address J. H.aMAMOTO,
533 Sixteenth st.. Oakland.
JAPANESE boy wishes work on every Satur-
day r.car CCO Baker st. OKUJI SCDA, 810
Stockton Et.
A GOOD Japanese boy wants position of
schoolboy. GEORGE FUJITA, 1323 Pir.e st.
Classified advertisements nnd subscriptions
received at Call branch offlCf. 2200 Fillmore.-
j " FINANCIAL.
4 PER CENT TO 6 PER CENT HIGH-GRADE
Municipal, School, Railroad and Corporation
Bonds,
Bank and Trust Company Stocks.
Selected for conservative Investors.
Write for Information to
HEAZELTON & CO.,
Stock anj Bond Brokers,
Hayward building,
San Francisco. Cal.
FLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES arid flats to let; an Immense list:
*ervlee absolutely free; tak« advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-2-!* Gear/
it., on the .quarts. •
SIXTH, 120— Sunny modern fiat of 7 rooms;
suitable for doctor, dentist or family. --
„, SJ-yURMITURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission, phone Red 41J52.
buy?, rents, repairs, packs rurnlture, carpets.
Cal. Auction Hou.«e pnys highest prices for fur-
niture. flats, etc. 1105 Mission; tel. Mint 24S1.
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURP. aucttoneer,lS18 Mkt. ;tel. Howard 275«.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
WANTED- Maid and Feamstress, $25; parlor
maid and waitress, $30; :; cooks, $30. $35;
cook for small hospital, $30; cock. 5 adults,
$30, no washing: cook, H boarders, $30; 2
maids and seamstresses, $25; 2 parlor maids,
$•'{0; cleaning woman, house, $25; 5 restaur-
ant waitresses. $5 and $7 week; 2 laundresses
for hospital, Sacramento, see party here to-
day, $_5; pantry Birl. $20; 5 second girls,
$20, $25; 4 housework Klrltt, $30; laundrrsa
In home, city. $25; 55 house girls, $20, $25
$30, city and country. Apply to J. F
_CROSL"TT & CO.. 334 Sutter st. /
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdressliig!
manicuring, etc.; trade -taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school In
West. 233 Geary st.. room 13.
A — LADIES, learn all branches halrdreoslng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc., 1236 Mar-
ket St., cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call. ,
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both reasons taught from start to finish In 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton^st., r. 13.-
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTO'i'ES? 32^_ FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSIOlT. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WANTED — A middle-aged lady bookkeeper
for livery stable; reference required. Reply
at 057 Mission St., between 0 and 10 o'clock
a. m., Monday, Oct. 5, 1903.
EXPERIENCED neckwear saleslady wanted.
Apply superintendent's office, , Emporium.
FUR liners; best pay; only first-class need
apply. M. H. ROBINSON. 495 Geary st.
WANTED — Girl for ceneral housework; small
family; good wages. 1323 Masonic ave.
WANTED — Steady girl for steady housework;
good wages; call !n morning. 775 Folsom st.
GIRLS wanted— Mutual L. & L. Co., Second
and Bryant; Bryant st, entrance; box dept.
GIRL to print In photo gallery. TONKIN'S.
1227 Market st.
A WOMAN to care for twins 2 years old. : 821
Gulden Gate ave. - <
CLAIR VOYANTS— Continued.
MRS. A. H. Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading, 10c, for
1 a short time only: when others fall try me to
• convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
' MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clair.' and palm.;
has second sight; a wonderful prophetess;
names; I_ 60c; G. $1. 714 Franklln.nr.G.G.av.
OIJ">EST lady palmist and card reader In city.
2«Vi Kearny, room 20; ladles 25c; gents 50c.
1 MRS. GARDNER, clairvoyant, card reader.
C55B Minna et.. bet. 7th and 8th.
MISS WARD, high psychic medium, palmist;
ladles 25c gents 50c; no sign. 413 Mason st.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: slt-
.' tings dally. 449H Jessie St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
CAKP13T pEATING AND CLEANING.
AIR, compressed, dry. Ice cold, is now univer-
sally used in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or Injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO., Call bid.; phone Main 5237.
i WHEN .you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
| ing Works, .'155-357 Tehama St.; teL South 40.
1 WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1909 Har-
' rison St.; Al cleaning, Sc; teL Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor, 329 Guerrero St.; tel. Mlso'oa. 40.
TRY HOPKE BROS. ; excellent jcarpet-beaUng;
mattresses made over. 1432 Howard -.South 210.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutler st.;
tel. Main 394. GEQ. WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison sc; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN*S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate avo.: telephone East 120.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery, rooms R-10; teL 5530i
• CHIROPODISTS.
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE, 50 Geary— All
ailments of the feet cured; corns, bunions. otc.
COTTAGES TO LET.
j SUNSET district— Newly built cottage, 6 j
t room_ unfurnished, or 7 rooms furnished;
bath, stable, chicken house, laundry, large
garden; cheap. 1480 Tenth ave., nr. K Bt.
DENTISTS.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. S09 MarkeTTt?,
cor. Fourth, room 7. Flood building; extrac-
tions done painlessly; teetn without plates
our specialty; gold crowns, $3 50 up; plates,
$4 50 uPrf extraction office hours, 9
. a. m. to 9 p. no.": Sundays, 9 to 2.
DR. GRUSS. 504-8-6 Callaghan bldg.. Market
and McAllister sts., uses the Basford Obtun-
der. the only device ever invented for grind-
. leg. drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
- without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nr.Elerenth
¦— No charge for extracting when plates are
trade; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting;. 50c; fas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
-rarranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 00; fillings, 50c;
plates. $3; full set;all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
AN experienced' graduate or licensed dentist;
¦ full charge practice, in city. Edwards depot.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. ccr.Bush—
. get teeth SI 50 up; crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
GOLD fining?, 75c; silver, 35c; crowns, $2; no
" pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewl*t,201 Sutter.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
• — Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
DYEING AND CLEANING.
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
" lace curtains, etc., done by the Presidio
¦'. Heights Dye Works. 3915 Sacramento; phone
for wagon. West 453. H. KICKMAN, pres.
• ; EDUCATIONAL.
THE San Francisco Young Men's Christian
Association conducts a night school for men,
an engineering school, an evening law school,
a working boys' ni>;ht school and a day busi-
ness ar,d academic school. Students have
gymnasium and otht»r privileges. Apply at
' V. M C. A. butUlEg, Mason and Ellis 3ts.
liKALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post, S.
. F. — -Scnkke* ping, shorthand, touch tyf in^,
languages. telegraphy. English branches;
day and night eessiens; lllus. catalogue free.
AYRJ-S, the leading business college, 72') Mar-
ket St. ; special summer cour_e In all depaxl-
mentai haadsoma catalogue free; life scholar-
ship, $50: day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 3CS Larkin st.
• "A thorough Fehool" ; positions secured for
KT_d_:ites; modern methods; Individual ln-
ttcuctlon. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited prep?.rat<;ry school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref., Pr*-;iirl?nt Jordan or any Stanford pro-
.. t<.-?fvr: _ay. evening sessions. Phel_n blug.
HIXMAX'S Academy; a thorough school of
: dancins; establish*-- 20 years. 1412 Polk st..
tetwt-f-n Pint; and California; both adult and
children's c!a?ws are now op»n for the season.
A— SAN- -FRANCISCO: Business College, 12::C
Market ?t. — Practical, progressive, reliable;
. day & evening sessions; write for catalogue.
HEALli'P School of Mines &' EIectrlclty.24 Post
?t.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, olec. min., m»oh.. surl
vey. assay, cyanide: day, eve.; est. 1SS4. Van
der Nalllen School. ll:t F_;tcn. nr. City Hall.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonia Hall, Howard
et., nejir Ninth; mailagsment Prof. Foster.
FIRST-CLASS piano .Instruction; monthly re^
citals, harmony and musical history free;
terms moderate. 14 McAllister St.. room 57.
SPANISH. Frtneh. etc. Prof. D»Fi]|ppe's Academy
o_f_Langua«es..'::.'0 Post :ei<tab'd 1871 : ablest pro's.
GOLDEN Gate Com'I Collie, 530 Golden Gate
ave.; full business course; day and evening.
SCHOOL Op ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 4.4 Pine st... Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, jrrammar.writln?.
etc. ; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 MlssIon.nr.Cth.
THE "Kincsland Art Shop" opens Oct. 1, cor-
Tier Haight and Devlsadero gts.
EMPLOYMEXT " OFFICES.
GEORGE^ AOKI?^21^'ost Tt~rtei~Bu!iirT3Xl
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
_ni.slics best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
IF you want Japanese help, advert^e In The
New World. Japanese daily paper, C53 Geary.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese^
Chlnf-se help. 426 Povrell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415
Stockton: tel. Grant 1GS; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Saung's. 411'^ O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
f.?e; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5183.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
-Tel. Main IUU7. BRADLEY & CO.. CIO Clay.
J331F LOJf .1 1 E NT _W A NTED FE 31 A L E.
RESPECTABLE lady" wou7d~likT~po!.ition ai
housekeeper or cock for section-house Call
C8-7t> Ellis st.. room 91. between 1 and 3.
WANTED — Position as companion and secre-
tary to lady or nurse to convalescent liox
I STENOGRAPHER and bookkeeper Just finished
oclkfre; chance for advancement. Box 4395i
Call office.
YOUNG Udy wants position "as cashier or
checker in good class restaurant. Address
M. P., 225 Mason et. y . •;;
COMPETENT stenographer; any line; operates
Remington, Yost, Smith; wishes permanent
position; will substitute; salary. $55 per
month. Address box 4015. Call office. ;,,.•.
ELDERLY woman wlrhes a place as house-
Keeper; city or country. 130 Fifth St. be-
tween Howard and Mission.
A REFINKD American girl wants position as
second girl In small family; references. 14 >A
¦ Cedar ave
FIRST-CLAPS German cook wants a situation.
Apply 558 Stockton st.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaten'* Bazaar. Ktt McAllister «#t.
"WANTED MALE.
A MIDDLE-AGED man of 20 years* experience
w.th fine horses, harness, buggies and strictly
tober; letters from one of the first families of
_ Oakland; wants a place with a private fam-
l ».v; fair wages expected. Box 4307, Call.
YOUNG man, good habits, respectable, wishes
place in wholesale house or clean shop work;
handy and willing to work; moderate wages'
wishes ¦ to attend night school. O. M. F.
box 1210. Call.
GOOD sober man 34 years old wants steady
work of any kind; can milk; no garden work:
city or country. Box 4338 Call office.
SOBER, steady, young married man would
like position In a wholesale house. Address
F. S. T.. 1337 & Stevenson et. • ,
FIRST-CLASS gardener wishes situation- best
refertneee. Address box 4«_4. CalL
JHK 1,1' WAVTED—FEJ! ALE-—Con.
WANTED— Experienced stenographer; one who
Is familiar with the Smith Premier type-
writer. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m., at
HALE BROS.'
WANTED — First-class demonstrator for hair
goods. Apply at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Experienced dry goods saleswomen.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.'
WANTED — Experienced millinery saleswomen.
Apply between 9 and 11 a.' m. at HALE
BROS.'
WANTED — Good pants finishers; good wages.
Apply at once. S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27
Geary st.
A WOMAN capable of filling poeitlon of trust
with local firm; no office work. Box 4020,
Call office.
GIRLS about 15 for factory work; good wages.
Apply at once. AMES A HARRIS. 100 Sacra-
mento st.
OPERATORS to work on trlovea; steady;
wages. Carson Glove Co.. 123 Second st.
WANTED — First-class skirt and waist hands;
Improvers. Mme. Lennenberger, 139 Post st.
TWENTY teachers Immediately for California
and Arizona schools. 518 Parrott building.
LUNCH waitress. C15 Valencia st.
WANTED — First-class waist, skirt and coat
hancs. J. BAER. 1200 Geary st.
WANTED — Girl do cooking and general house-
work; refs. Apply mornings. 1709 Baker st.
2 LADIES of good address to represent a hlgh-
grade magazine. ,"SI> Columbian bidg.. city.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. G. Barrett. Instructor. 302 Montgomery.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lO'.iii
Valencia street.
HE1JI»^VANTED-— M£LE.
<< AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. EMP. AGENTS
42!) Bush st 642 Clay St.
SHIP DAILY THIS WEEK FOR NEVADA.
10O laborers, Valmy, Nevada $2
100 laborers. Fenelcn. Nevada $2
100 laborers, Reno. Nevada $2
100 laborers. Beowawe, Nevada $2
100 laborers, Oolcontla, Nevada j_
Board $4 50 Week.
Absolutely Free Fare; Office Fee $1.
FOR MARIN COUNTY. CALIFORNIA.
Muckers, tunnelmen, laborers $2 25-?2 50
Absolutely Free Fare for All Above.
DIAMOND MATCH CO., CHICO, CAL.
Rockmi-n, laborers $2 25-$2 _0
Rate fare, $2 SO.
FOR PASO ROBLKS SPRINGS 1 — FREE
FARE BOTH WAYS.
S extra barkeepers $."{ day and found
2 extra dibhwashers $1 25 day and found
2 help's hall waiters 1 , steady work $25
Waiter, country hotel. $35; second cook,
country hotel. $50; second cook, mining town,
$15; par.irymen. porters, waiters, kitchen
hand.*, dish and pot washers, bell and eleva-
tor boys, others.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S EMP. AGENCY,
429 Bush st 642 Clay st.
An errand boy for this office. 420 Bush st.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
C9 Third Et.. nr. Cal! bldg. ; phone Bush 405.
NEVADA AND UTAH.
FREE FARE.
RYNDON, GOLCONDA AND RENO.
S. P. R ,R. CO.'S OWN WORK.
109 laborers, S2 a day.
We ShlD Daily on All Trains.
Crowds Are Goinc. Are You?
ftl section hands, all parts of .California.
Coast line and "Western division.
OREGON— FARE ADVANCED.
5 coal miners, 6-foot vein, $1 a ton.
BUTTK COUNTY. DIAMOND MATCH CO.
FEE 81. CHICO. SHIP TO-DAY.
Half Fare, f2 80. Fee, $1.
25 teamsters, $75 a month.
20 drillers, $2 fio a month.
• lOO laborers, trackmen, woodchoppers and
right of way men, S_ 25 a day.
NEW JOB— CITY. \
Board at home.
7 laborers'. 8 hours, $2 25 a day,
F.xperlenced orchard man, ?45 and board.
Man for bean ranch, $_."> and board.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 01) Third st.
STABLEMAN, private family, $30 and found;
farmers, ?30 month and $1 25 day and found;
gardener and wife, $«0 and found; married
vineyardlst to run place on shares; 2 farmero
and wives, $40 and $55 and found; /S wnw,-
choppers, ?2 cord, fare advanced; Snan to
make loKglne and mining timbers; brick
burner, S3 day; chore boy, $20 and found:
office boy : boyc to learn trades and . others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
HOTEL porter, $25; choreman for resort, $20;
hotel second cook, $50; 3 boarding-house
cook?. $40 and $50; second cook for 5 days,
$10 and free fare; night cook, $12 week and
found; second cock for Institution, $40; hotel
and restaurant waiters, porters, choremen
and ethers. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st.
AT C. FREY & CO.'S 531 Commercial st.
El Dorado Cotuity — Laborers and teameters,
lumber graders timber fellers.
BUTTR COUNTY. CHICO. BUTTE COUN
BUTTE - CO. CHICO. BUTTE CO.
Laborers and teamsters, $2 25 and $2 50 day.
RENO NEVADA— FREE FARE.
EUREKA, HUMBOLPT CO.— FARE AD-
VANCED. ! /
Cook, boarding-house, city, $50 and found.
Porter, small place In city, $15 and found.
Call early, beys. Free fare on all Jobs.
No (strikes, no fakes.
C. FREY & CO Phone Main 1575
GARDENER for Jobbing In town. $30 and
found. ANDRE'S, 317 Stockton st.
WANTED — Good reliable man to drive bottle
beer wap-on In the city: must be a good sale_-
mnn. well recommended and of - regular
habits; Kood washes and steady position. Ad-
dress box 4303, Call office.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get It done for 25c. 50c
and COc. while you wait at 563 Mission st..
bet. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third st.?
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS, 40 Ellis st.-Ti
years' practice; references from thousands of.
persons for wWom I have secured pensions.
BOY nbout M. rierfumo department, $5 start;
steady: advancement. Apply 101 First st.,
San Francisco.
BARBER wnnted for Saturday and Sunday.
225 Montgomery ave.
BARBER for Saturday at 5 o'clock and Sun-
day. Apply 1313 Buchanan st.
BARBER wanted: good man; Saturday even-
lr.K. Sunday. 1006 Mission si. corner Sixth.
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted; union man;
steady; start Monday. 107% Fifth st.
SECOND cook. $45. 501 Twentieth St., near
Union Iron Works.^ ,
WANTED — A.pantsmaker; also a coatmaker.
Apply N. DAVIS. Reno. Nev. —
BOY wanted for Saturday. Stalls 1 and 3. Union
Sauare Market, corner Powell and O'Farrell.
• SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
• BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
•Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
¦ until li o'clock every night In the year. . '
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street.
" rsorner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m. . .
639 McAllister street ;cpen until »:30 p. m.
615 Larklh street; open until 9:30 p. in.
1941 Mission rtreet; open until 10 p. m.
• 22fil Market street, comer Sixteenth; open
.tjeUI U o. .tn. ¦ ' . - •
• . "10C Eleventh street; open until ftp.--. ¦ '
. 109C' VaVnc.ts street; oren Onttl 0 p. ra.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
oven until ft x>. ra, '.<." . '.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and
l-er.tucky streets; open tin ill !) p. ta.
2200 Fillmore rtreet: open until fl p. ra.
MEETING NOTICES.
• OFFICERS and" members of San ~"~.
l-Tanclsco Consistory No. 1. A. jt«]
and A. S. R.— You are r*-que*te_ -^oL
T'i assemble at *Con}n__ndeo' |f L ,>kS7^_-71
Ha... Ma_j:iir Trr_i>].». to tak> j5?5§S?_3j
part in th<" luueral obsequies ol jjjnhj^^i^Jf
our -*te brother. LOUIS MKY- Jf^y
• ER <th!rty-secor.d degree), SAT- B_S_»<
CROAT, Oct. *3, at 9 "30 o'clock a. «-. ¦*
. HENRY BURNER. Registrar. •
.MOUNT MOR1AH L_d_» No. 44, F. aiid m
. A. M. — Officers an^l meml*rs are re-.^/\f"
¦ ifpe^tfully re<jue«B».e_ to assemble at /^r\
- tbe temple THJS.DAV at" 9:30 o'clock
a- m.. for the pjir^pose of attending the
obsequies of our late, brother, LOUIS _1EY-
EH. By order of the W. M.
THEO FROLICH. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge'No. 163, F. and A. M. m
—Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY) "^tfy
EVENING af7:30 o'clock. First de- /V\
gr«.e. R. E« ALLAN, Secretary. . •
UORIC. Lod^e K*. 216, F. and A.' M.— a
Special nij-etinV this (SATURDAY) "^fST .
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Secon-1 /V\
uegree. * By order of th» blaster.
, J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary. '
KING Solomon's Lodpe No. 2Gu, F. & A. 0
M m 1S_S» Fillmore st. Th!-d degree VY
THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING at /V\
. :S0 o'clock.
EURSr BAEHR, Secretary.
PURSUANT to the call of the presldJnt. a
meeting of the stockholders of Western
Field Compo-iy will be 'held at the office of
r the c _-otnp_ny,r 4 Sutter Ft., on MONDAY, Oc-
Uiber 5. _'.H>3. at 4 o'clock p. m., for the
c purpose of reviewing the a_Tairs of the com-
pany, to hear and act upon the report of its
officers and- to transact such other business
as _aay properly come befure Che rneetingJ
• •_ A. J- TREAT, Secretary.
c THE California Debris Commission; . having
c received applications to ¦ mine by hydraali'-
process from George Wiesf in- Magnolia mine,
nc_r Georgetown, El Dorado. County. Oal.,
• t draVning into Otter Creek. • which reaches
Middle Fork of American -River, and from J.
J. Ho!T_r_ir.n and T. M- Browne, in William
Rnush & Co.'s -mine rear Forest Hill, Placer
Ccucty. Cal.. draining l*to Volcano Canyon
Crcta. which reaches 'Middle Fork of Ameri-
< can River, glws notloe that meetlngr ¦wfll be
held at room 96, Floo* building. San Fmn-
43 cl_co. Cal., Oct. 19, 1003. at 1:30 p. Ta.
THE California Debris Commission baring re-
ceived "applications to .mine by hydfaulfo
process from Middle Tuba Mining Company,
in La M'.r.a <J'el • Diablo' mine, near Sierr*
City. EJerra County Cal. draining Into "ra-
vine tvfcich drains into Middle Yuba River:
e froja South Y_ba, Mining and Development
Company. In Meister ' mine, near Emigrant
Gsp. Placer County. -Cal., draining into Dla-
mohd Cre«e_. which reaches Y\*ba River; from
Toy Kee. in Falrpjay mine, near Scales.
Piumas County. Cal:. draining into' Rock
Creek, which reaches Yuba Rlrer, gives no-,
tice that meeting will be held at- room 90,
Flood building. Ban Francisco. Cal.. . Octo-
ber 12. 1903. at 1:30 p. m.. . •-
ETOCSHOLDERS* ajEETING — Notice IS here-
by given that the annual meeting of the
ftockhcilders o'f The Bonk or California will
be he!4 at tho banking house In this -city" on
TUESDAY. October Us 1L»O3. at 11 o'clock
a. pi. By order.of "the board-of directors.'
ALLEN M. CLAY-. Sn.ret>ry.
ATTOU N KVS-AT-LAW. ' 7~*
• ADVICE FREE. ESTABLISHED 22 TEARS.
. • Divocces i sj>eclalty. Private. • "Quick.
o NO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL-.
G. W. IIOWB, ATTORNEY AT LAV7.
1122 Market st. offices 1. 2. 3. 4 and 5.
. • BEWARE* OF—: FRAUDS.
• Any one can advertise, but unless the adver-
"tiffment says '.'Attorney at Law" the party
• # "advertising" is net *a lawyer; don't be- fooled.
" ADVICE FRE_T. .'../..... 77. . .
• COLUMBIAN LAW AGENCY. ......
Rm. 65. 91<; Market; tel. Red'«JS; bad tenr
ami> ejected rpeodi^)- an- reasonably: cbll»c-
."^on^ :it •_ r. ¦'•-."! to; attachments ; corporations
• organized; civtJ and criniinal- practice;
BOBT. W. KING..atty-a't-1-w. Examiner, bid,.
. r%-.ta Oil; all cases, damages, estates, wills,
I attachments. * collections, etc.; consultation
• free; no advar.ee .charges; call or write-;
, evenings, by -appointment. Tel. 'Red 3C01.
ADVICE frVe — I^WIII advance cost ih.meritorl-
ouv*c_5t-_, <:ivorce«. probate and ail other law
• .- rmr-e; no !«"«¦* in 3 yv»ncr, op«i every 'vrn-
11 g. J. M. THURSTON". S13 MarJtet St., r. «!.
• -i.. ?. ,CL.\RIJ. Emma S'preckels blig., 927 Mar-
ket St.: conpultation frt-e; r.o fees in cd\'a_ce.
AITKEN* _: attorneys, rs. 303-1C-11.
' ' CJurye tA6f.. ot\3 California Et.; tel. Main 727.
'ADVICE tfre'p.;. no charge unless successful- all
law business. \T. W. D.-ivli?son. 927 Market.
1'A'ORCT-: — Costs. $1,5; Quick, quirt; open even-
::ir.-. »_T M_rket st.-. "roo.m ."01.
» ocsiangss chaaces.
OYSTER" and ch : ?p iiouse; cheap; IPfurnished
1 nx>ms; Tii'*i J'.-juor license; pool chort-orde.r
bus ( ( -iet«.; 2«c ar.d up; rrr.t low; ta-t the place
for partr.v»g. 2f2 Third st.
9»<f>— HALF ir.tereFt. in soda works irT"gcod
oountr>c;o»-r. ; remaining partner good steady
man. HJ Fifth sU ' .
5, FOR sale— BaLerj": goo_ cash business; kept
by present, owner 12 years; cheap. Call 250
Duncan St.", cornT Sanchez.
BAKERY— Fire location Jn Rio Vlst*- rood
balAr will do well. Address DAN Mc-
¦ GRA«^Gl»,^Rlo VIfIj, Cal. •
HOTEL, furniture an-1 bar rtxtur-s for sale in
1 po!.<l mining camp in Ne'vada. Co. v For par-
tlculars irnjuir*' at l c l r.7 Howard st.. S.. _¦'.
.FOR sale — Res-ta_rant: any reaynnable offer
. accepted.. e»_abi;s_<»_ y.^ars.^ 175'<U Mission.
GOOD paying shoe «hop for sal»; 111 healtfi
,. c«u-e of opl'.ing.. 4215. FJghtef nth st.
FOR SALEJ,
100 ROOMS; house for ir»en; rent $140.. $4000
TjS r^or-s; south of Market; rent $166" _<vx>
24 icorr.s; corner; part cash; bal. easy. 850
11 rocrr.«; good lncorne; rent $20. ;{5<)
_1 rooms; water front; rent $40.; lease.. «50
l_it rooms; good.lea*e: low rent GT.00
• r >7 rms • apartments ; Western Aad. ;rent 2iJ
Money loaned at 1 wr cent.
Hotels. roa_liou«es, flats, 5 to 100 rooms
EITEL -^CARROLL. 212 kearny stl
GCOD liareain; Vroom houfe; all rented; well
furnished; nlee*plano; water fre*- rent $20"
r»>nt paid 1-th October; $2_0. Apply 706
•Folson". tt.; no afents. -s-'S-
,$lT^-n ROOMS. Fourth st.. near R. Rl; rent
1 >*¦*. MOSSMAN. Examiner bldg., room 411.
FOR sale at a barrftin; S-room boardlnsr-house-
all fvll: Price $350. lft'll McAllii-ter st.
_^ SI^RITyALl^M.
PROK Fred P. Evans, noted p7ychic forVute^
T, r ,^ '"S- 1 " 1 clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 Lddy Bt.. nr. Octavla; phone Scott s«7.
r «^ V ? D . FARLE - lor * E »»*. readings dally,
a:.»O to 4; feances Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS. ~
MY Regular $i ReadiWrhls T WeTk~For
fl $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 ji
PROFESSGR PAUL DESTINE !
The : Ve - 1 » tt - re 4 Trance Clairvoyant and
. Palmist ever in Sar.. Francisco
I do hereby solemr.y agree anj guarantee
to make no charge if- 1 fail tr> tell you your
name occupation and what you called for-
1 promise to tell you whether husband wi>
or eweetheart ig true or false: I tel'l you
whom and when you will marry; in fact I
. !_!'! tel J, J ' 0U eVery hovv - fe:ir or ambition
better than you can tell yourself; 1 improve
vour character so that you will reach the
higl.^rt rKMsible development In mental vigor
health, happiness and capacity t o !.„;
w«ra...h; po you will live happy an. trmtented
the rest of y-ur life. Hours 10 a. rn to 8
p. m. ; Sundays. 2 to h. _2S O'FarT'll ?_, a_.j
' MMF M. BERNARD. . TH_T7a_IoTJ_.
Clairvoyant and business medium, pe-ma.
lenUr located at 17 Third st,. nest Examiner
tldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description or the past, reveals the
present happiness , and portrays events 10
occur in the future; If you -are In trcuble dis-
contented or not eatlrfied In life, or have do-
mestic. Jove or business troubles, co&eult this
great med'.um and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice in all anairs
• of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
lng» '~y mall. Tel. Black 4563.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
>almist. permanently located at 1104 Market
ft., -or. Turk: private readings daily, 10 a.
m. to Op. rn. ; readings by mall ns satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered. $1;
full iife. $3; send/lock of hair, date and year
.of birth; don't send currency. Send postofflce.
. Wel.j-Fargq money order or registered letter.
. - A — MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born- with a double veil and sec-
ond tight: tells the part, present and future;
ladies. 5ftc; gent*. $1; by cards, palmistry
ana clairvoyant sitting; $1 SO. 126 Turk st.
• A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names civen; 25c uj>. 5 4th St.. near Market.
IO A 1 I *~__r— -¦>-¦ I
/ In your business life do yoTThave It to say,
7 That It's all gwing out and the place doesn't pay?
You can change this about at a moderate cost.
Which will bring such returns you will not think It lost.
* If you take up The Call and its pages look o'er
You'll flnd there the ad of each prosperous store, '*
And the owner thereof will express the sound view
His success In large part to this paper Is due.
Follow then the same course and you soon will declare
The Call's Ads ever pay, and Its charges are fair.TULE RIVER NEAR PORTERVILLE.
Second Feet.
DATE.
1902. 1903.
September 20 16 14
September 21 16 14
September 22 16 14
September 23 16 14
September 24 16 ll
September 25 16 J 14
September 26 16 J 14
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT IRON CANYON.
Second Feet.
DATE.
1902. 1903. ?
September 20 5000 4S0O
September 21. r 5000 4800
September 22 5000 4S0O
September 23 5000 4S0O
September 24 5000 4800
September 25 5000 4800
September 26.... 5000 | 430O
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
Second Feet.
DATE.
1902. 1903.
September 20 \ 115
September 21 115
September 22 80
September 23 55
September 24 80
September 25 55
September 26 55 '.
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN. *
September 20 320 285
September 21 320 250
September 22 285 250
September 23 285 250 •
September 24 285 250
September 25 285 250
September 20 285 215
IXOW OF EJVEBS.
The following tables give a comparative
statement for two years of the estimated flow
of certain California rivers in cubic feet per
¦econd, or second feet, one second foot equal
ing 50 California miner's Inches, or about 40
Colorado miner's inches. The figures for the
last year may be revised by later measure
ments. The figures are by J. B. LIpplncott,
bydrographer. United States Geological Survey:
TONOPAH MINER
Bid.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Colehan — 23 Paymaster ... OS 13
Esperanza ... 02 03 Pine Grove... (57 CS
Gipsy Queen.. — 23 Rescue 0!) 10
Gold Mt Con.. 04 05'Ton Belmont.l 25 1 3d
Hannapah ... — 15jTon & Cal. .. . 17 21
Lucky Tom C. — OfljTon of Nev. ..6 50 7 00
MacNamara . 16 I8|Ton N Star.. 40 43
Mizpah 33 35 ;Ton Midway.. 40 4:1
Montana Ton. t>3 1 00 Ton & S Lake 20 30
New York Ton 02 03 United Ton. .. 10 15
Alta 04 0« Justice 07 09
Andes 18 19 Kentuck 02 (XI
Belcher 24 25 Keyes Graeslr 75 74
Best & Belch. 1 40 1 50 Mexican 1 10 1 18
Bullion 09 10 Occidental ... 27 2!>
Caledonia 1 00 1 05 Opnlr 1 «5 1 70
Challenge Con 31 33 Overman 22 23
Chollar 24 25IPotosl 2tS 27
Confidence ... 75 80 Savage 2S 29
Con Cal & Va_l 35 1 40Scorplon 02 03
Con Imperial. 03 04 Seg Belcher.. 05 07
Con N York.. 11 — Sierra Nev... BS «0
Crown Point.. 0« 00 Silver Hill... 50 58
Eureka Con.. 40 SO St Louis 10 —
Exchequer ... 13 14!Syndlcate .... — 00
Gould & Cur. 21 22jUnlon Con 70 71
Hale & Norc. CO 62 Utah 11 13
LadyWanh... 03 04 1 Yellow Jacket 47 49
FRIDAY. Oct. 2—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask.] . Bid.Ask.
Alpha 00 07 Julia 0U 07
CLOSING QUOTATIONS,
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tor.opah Mining Exchange yester
day:
Morning Session.
200 MacNamara . 181 400 Mont Tonopah 93
100 MIzpah Ex .. 35| 500 Ton N Star.. 41
' Afternoon Session.
100 MacNamara . 17 100 Pine Grove... 68
300 MIzpah Ex . . 34 100 Rescue 10
100 Mont Tonopah 93 100 Ton of Nev.. 7 00
100 Mont Tonopah 94 600 Ton N Star.. 42
100 Pine Grove... 07 100 Ton N Star.. 41
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Andes 17 200 Mexican 1 10
200 Caledonia .... 93 2OO Ophl% 1.G5
200 Caledonia 94 2OO Overman 23
200 Challenge ... 82 400 Sierra Nev. . . B7
800 Con Cal & V.I 35 500 Yel Jacket.... 44
200 Gould & Cur. 22
Afternoon Session.
600 Andes 19 300 Occidental ... 27
200 Belcher 25 200 Overman .... 23
100 Con C & V.I 37^ 400 Potosi 25
800 Crown Point.. 0V 200 Potosi 2tt
200 Hale & Norc. &3 501) Savage 27
500 Julia 05 800 Sierra Nev... 57
300 Mexican 1 10 300 Sierra Nev... 5S
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session..
800 Andes 18 100 Goifld & Cur. 22
100 Caledpnia . . ~ 94 200 K Oraesster. . 73
20O Con Cat & V.I 40 200 Mexican 1 10
100 Con NY.... 16 BOO Overman 22
100 Crown Point.. 09 300 Beg Belcher.. OtJ
600 Crown Point.. 08
Afternoon Session.
600 Andes 18 600 Potosl 26
100 Con Cal & V.I 40 100 Sierra Nev... M
100 Con N T IB 100 Union Con... «>
2W» Con NY 17 200 Utah 12
BOOK Graessler.. 74 50 Yel Jacket 43
200 Overman .... 23
Mining Stocks.
S. F. & McKlttrlck... 2 75
San Joaquin O & D. ...... C 50
Senator OS
Sovereign 40 .....
Sterling 2 80.
Superior 06 07 \
Thirty-three 7 25 8 00
Toltec .' 20 '
Twenty-eight 4 C# 4 40
West Shore *;.... 290 ¦ 3 25
Miscellaneous^ — .
Abby Land & Impt 1 60 2 00
Alameda Sugar 21) 00
American Biscuit ........ 8S 00 95 00
American District Tel
Cal Gas & Ei«e Corp
Cal Cotton Mills 88 00 »5 00
Cal Jockey Club 105 00
Cal Shipping Co 25 00
Cal Title Ins & Trust 130 00 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland.. 60 00
Chutes Company 8 25'
Cypress Lawn Impt Co.... 6 25 . ....
Fischer's Theater 2 75
Gas Consumers' Assn 22 60
Honolulu Sugar 15 00 18 00
Northern Cal Power 9 00 9 00
North Shore Railroad..... 9 00
Orpheum Company 15 25
Pacific States Tel & Tel 115 00
Paraf fine Paint S3 00
San Francisco Drydock.... 47 00
Sanitary Reduction Works 2 75
Sausallto Land & Ferry... 16 00
Sperry Flour. Company.... 27 60 30 00
Standard Electric 18 00
Tpsla Coal Co 30 00
Truckee Electrio 15 00
Union Sugar 22 50
United Gas & Electric 34 50
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board—
250 Home 1 22ft
650 Home 1 25
100 Home, b SO 1 27%
1700 Reed Crude 40
250 Sovereign 40
200 Monarch 51
Afternoon Session.
Board —
25 Peerless, b 30 1*00
300 Home 1 27^»
25 Abby Land 1 «0
300 Four OH 69
Street —
200 Esperanza 1 23
25 Peerless 13 73
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SATURDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1903.
Continued From Page Eleven.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
13
RAILWAY TBATCL. J^^.^,
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trmloa leave unit are due to arrive at ¦
«A.N na.NCisco.
(Main Line, Foot of Marfeet Street)
uavb — Fbom Sana- asa 3. WU3. — arutb '
7.00- Benlcia, SuUun, Eiinlr* »nd S»cr*-
• mrnto 7.25*
7.00a Vacavllle, Winter*. Ramsey. 7.25*
7.30a Mnrtlnez. San Ramon. Vallf Jo,
- Napa, Caliatoga, Santa Kosa. 8.23r
7.30a Nllea. LtTermore. Latnrop. Stock-
ton 7.25?
8.00- Davla, Woodland, Knighta Landing.
MarT»vllle. Orovllle, (connects
•t Marvavllle for Gridiej. BlggS
and Cntco).... 7.51*
8 00a Atlantic ExpTeM— Ogden and Kaat. 10.254
8 00 * Port Costa, Martinez. Antloca. By-
ron. Tracy,Stockton.Siicramenta,
Los Banoa. Uendota, Ilanford,
Vtaalla, Fortervllle 4.25'
8.00a Port Coita, Martinez. Tracy. Lat_-
rop. Modesto. Merced. Fresno,
Gosaen Junction, Ilaaford, VI-
salla. Bakenfleld B.2Sr
8.30a Efcaata Express— I>aTls, WllUami
(for Bartlett 6pr1nit»), Willows,
fFruto, Ked Bluff. Portland /¦Sw
•.30a Nile*. San Joae, Llvermore, Stock-
ton. Ione.Sacrumento.PIacerrUle,
" MaryavIIle, Chtco, Ued Bluff 4.25*
830a Oakd&le. Chinese. Jameatown. So- . M '
aora, Tnolueine and Angela 4.25P
9.00a Martinez and Way Stations _ 8 Sar .
10.00a Vallejo.. 1225*
10.00a El Pa»o Psssenjrer. Eaatbound.—
Port Coats, Martlnea, Byron,
Tracy. Lathrop. Btocktoa,
Merced. Rajmond. Freano. Han-
fcri. VUalla, Bakenfleld. Lm
Aucelea and El Paao. (West-
bound arrives tU Coast Line)... «1.53*
10.00a The Overland Limited — Ogden,
Denver. Omaha. Chicago 51 s *
12.00- Hayward. Nllea and Waj Stations. 3-25*
11.00F Sacramento River Steamers. fli.OO?
liQr Benlcla, Winters. Sacramento,
Woodlaad. Williams, Colasa,Wil>
Jowa, KntRht* Landing. Marys-
vllle, Orovllle and w »r stations.. 1049a
SSOr nayward.Ntles and Way Stations.. 7 S5r
4.00* Martlne*,SanrUmon.ValleJo,yapa,
CallstOBa. 8ant» IJosa
4-OOr Slar«nea,Tracy.Lathrop.Stockton. 1025a
4-00* Nllea. LtTermore. Stockton. Lodl.. 4.2Sr
4-I0r Har-ard. Mies. Irvlngtoa, Saa I +855-
Joae. Llvennore I Jl 1.5oa
EXOr The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tulare,
Balcerifleld, Lot Angeles 8.554
6X0p Port Costa, Tracy. Swcktoa, !*• .
Banot 1225P
t$.30r Harward. Nile* and San Joae 7.2Sa
S.OOp Hayward. Nllea and San Jose. 10.25a
tXOl* Orient*! Hull— Ofcden. Denver. -
Omaha, Bt. Lou:*. Chicago and
East. Port Costa, Beatcla, SuK
san, Elmira, Davla. Sacramento^
Boeklin. Auburn, Colfax. .
Trnckee. Boca. I'.iao, Wads-
worttt. Wtnnemacca, BatU* .
Mountain. EIko .... 4.23*
1.. Reno, Trurkee. Sacramento, Davis,
Sutsun. Benicta, Port Coata 7-55a
t.OOv Vallejo. dally, except Sunday... . I 7 55.
7Q0t Vallejo. Sunday only f
7 .CO Ean Pablo, Port Costa, Martlnea
and Way Station*. 11.21*
8 CBsr Oregon * California Express— Sao-
ramento, Marvsvt'.le, Bedding.
Portland. Paget Sousd and East. 8-55 a
9.18? Hay ward, Nllea and San Joae (Son- .
day only) 11.55a
11.25* Port Costa, Ttscv. Lathrop. Mo-
deito, Merced, Raymond ( to To-
semlte), Fresno, lUnford. VI- ••"
salt*. Bakersneld 12z»»
COAST LI N E (Sarro- Uaa S »).
(foot of Miirltet Street.) . .
745a Santa Crux Kxcnrslon fSunday
oniy) .•— !M0»
|.15a Newark. CentervlUe. Ban Joso, ¦
Felton. Boulaer Creek, Banta
Crni and Way Stations 8 25*
t£.16r Newark. CentervlUe, San Joss.
New Almaden. Loa Gstot.Felton. ,
4 Boulder Creek. Santa Cms and
Principal W»y Statloas 10.55a
4-1 Br Hew ark. San Jose. Loa Oatoa and
way stations (on Saturday and
Bundmy runs through 10 Santa
Cruz; Monday only from Santa ¦
Crux). Connects at Felton to
and from BouldcrCreek T8.o5*k
_ OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From BAN FKAN CISCO. Foot of Market St. (Sllp*>
— 17:13 1:00 11:00 A Jl. 100 3 00 615 r._.
Irom OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — t«:Ot> J3:0»
t3:05 10:00 a.m. 12 CO 200 400 P.-.
COAST LINE (Broad tiana;e>.
ar (lOIrd itnil Townaend Streets.)
B.10a Ban Jo»e and Way Stations S.30F
17.00a San Jose and Way Stations $iSf
7.15a Monterey and Santa Cr_ 1 Bxear- ¦
ilon (Sunday only) 8 30?
I 00a New Almaden (Tne«., Frld., only), 4-13?
I 00a CoastLlne Limited— Stopsonly Saa ...
Joae, tillroy (connection for Dot-
lister), Pajaro. CaatrovlUe, Sa> . -
Unas. San Ardo. Paao Koblea,
Santa Margarita. San Luis Obispo.
buadalupe, Surf (connection for
Lompoc). Santa Barbara. Saugue
and Loa Angeiea. Connection at
Castrorllle to and from Monterey
and Pacinc Grove 1043*
I.COa Ban Jose. Tret Plnos, Capitols,
SantaCruz.PaclflcGrove,Sallnaa,
8an Luli Obispo and Principal
Intermediate Stations 41O
t0-30a Ean Jose and Way Stations .. 1.207
11. 00a Cemetery Passenger — South Saa
Francisco. San Bruno.. 1.05»
11 -30a Banta Clara. San Jose. Loa Gatos
and Way Stations 7.33'
«130i" Ean Jose and Way Stations ... .... X7.00~
2.00P £an Joae and Way Stations 19.40a
2.30r Cemetery Pasacnsfr — South Saa
Francisco, San- Bruno 4-35?
t3X0r Del Monte Express— Santa Clara,
Ean Jose, Del Monte, Monterey,
Pacific Grove) (connects at Santa
' Clara for Santa Cruz. Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Potnu) f12-13»
•*3Cr Pacific Grove and Way Stations—
BuTllngame.San Mateo.Itedwood.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto May field, '. ¦
Mountain View. Lawrence, Santa
Clara. San Jose, ', Gllroy. Hullls-
ter, Trcs Plnos). Pajaro, Watson-
vllle. Capitola, Santa Crux, Cas- . -
trovllle, Salinas „. 10.45a
4 ZOr San Jose and Viti Station*.. 333*
oXOr San Jose, (via Santa Clara) Los ' .
Gatoa, Wright and Principal Way
Stations (except Sunday) 9.00a
I63Cp SanJoseandPrlnclpalWayStatlona 13.00*
tS.ibr San Mateo, Beresford,B«!lnjon».San
Carloa. Itedwood, Fair Oak a,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto .- 19.45*
f.JOr San Jose and Way Stations 6.36*
¦CQr Sunset Limited, Eaatbound.— San
Luis Obtspo. Santa Barbara, Los
Angeles, Demlng. El Paao. New
- Orleans, New Tork. (Westbound
arrlvea via S«n Joaquln Valley)... w8 25k
• .00' Palo Alto and Way Stations ,. 10.15a
11.33* South 9an Francisco. Mlllbrae.
Burllngame, San Mateo. Bel-
rnont, San Carloa, Redwood, 4a .„ .
Fair Oaks, Men;o Park. Palo • iS'.Si
Alto. Mayfleld. Mounuin View, ?»•«•»
6unnyvaie. Lawrence. Santa
Clara and San Joy- J
A for Morning. p for Afternoon.
X SatUTdny anil Sunday only. j Saaday only.
5 Stops at all atatlona on Sunday. - ; r
t Bunday exeepted. a Saturday only.
• Via Coast Line. v Via San Joaquin Valley.
• Reno train eastbonnd discontinued.
IV Only trains stopping at Valencia St. southbound
are*:10A.M..tT:COA.M..ll:CO J i.M..2:Jur.«. and e.30 r._.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
BAH.WAT COMPAJTT.
Tibnron I*«rxy, root ot Market St.
SAN FEAITCISCO TO SAJT BAFAEX.
"WEEK DAYS — 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:a3.
3:aO, 6:10. 0:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. \
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1 : 50 and 11 :30 p. m.
SUNDAY8— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. in.; 1:30, 3:30.
6:C0, 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN BATA-L TO SAN TSAXTCZSCO.
WEEK DAYS— C-.OO, 7:3.\ 7:50. 1>:2U. H:lo
a. m.; 12:00, 3:40, 5:00, 6:20 p. rn.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:0O. 9:40. 11:13 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40w
4:55. S:05, 6:25 p. m.
Lieove I In Effect I Arrive
Fan Francisco. I Sept. 27, 1903. |3an Francisco. .
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun^" I Week
Days. I days. ] tlon. [ days. | Days.
7:30 a S:0Oa 9:10 a 8:4)>a
9:30 a I^nacio. 10:40 a 10:2O a
3:30 p 3:30 p 8:05 p 6:20 p
B:10pf 5:00 p 7:35 p
7:30 a 9:10 a 8:40 a
S:COa Novato. 10:40a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma (1:06 p 6:20 p'
G:10p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
. 5:0O p Santa Kosa.
7:30 a 10:40 a!10:2O a
S:0Oa Fulton. 7:35p 6:2Op
3:30 p 3:30 p . |
Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsbur?, 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton,
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyserville, 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 a! 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 ail0:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| and Uklah. 1 7:35 pj 6:20 p
7:3Oat8:0Oa| Wlllits. | 7:35 p| 6:20 i>
7:30a| 8:00a! 110:40 a!10:20 a
3:30 pi 3:30 p| Guercevllle. | 7:35 p( 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma. 1 9:10 at 8:40 a.
0:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. ( 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a!10:2O a
3:30 p[ 3:30 p| Sebastopol. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
aerville for Skages Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Booneville and Greenwood: at '
IIopt_nd for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
KelseyviUe, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs^ Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell LaKe. Witter Springs, Ujper Lake.Pomo.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. LJerly"*,
Bucknell's. Sanhedrtn Heights, Hullville. Orr*»
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche, Camp .
Stevens. Hopkins, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal; at Willita for Fort Brags.
Westport. Sherwood. Canto. Covello, Layton-
vllle, Cummings. Bell's Springs, Harrto, Ol-
sen's. Dyer. Garbervllle. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday— I'.ound-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offlce. 650 Market street. Caronlcla
building.
II. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Paso. Ajrt.
OCEAIT TBAVEIt.
,sg\f[~(?+*i Steamers leave San Fran-
/fiS^-^S^\ Cisco as follows:
firyL I ¦ Xrf\ F or .Ketchlkan, Wrangel.
At/^S'SS- V*l Juneau. Haines, Skag-way.
( I \%Sv^\ 1 et0 -. Alaska— 11 a. m., Oct.
1 I Ywjfita/ ./ 3, 3, 13, is, 2.!. 2S. Nov. i.
\*\ \\ . ' Yd/ Change to company's steam-
V5^vJl__^,*/ ers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver,
Port Townsend, Seattle, Ta-
coma, Everett. Whatcom — 11 a. m. Oct. 3, 8,
13, IS, 23, 28, Nov. 2 Chance at Seattle to
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona, 1:30
p. m., Oct. 1, 7, 13, IS), 25, 31, Nov. 6; Corona,
1:30 d. m., Oct. 4, 10, 16. 22, 28, Nov. 3.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 0 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Ilarford (San
Luis Obtspo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m., Oct. 8, 16. 24, Nov. 1.
Bonlta, 9 a. m.. Oct. 4, 12, 20, 2S, Nor. B.
' For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sall-
lns dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street anJ
Broadway wharf.
Freight offioe. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANN, General Passenger Agent,
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. /?. & TV. CO.
"Columbia" sails Sept. 30. Oct. 10. 20. 30,
Nov. 9, 19, 29. "George W. Elder" sails Oct.
6, 15, 25, Nov. 4, 14, 24. Only steamship line
to PORTLAND. OR., and short rail line from
Portland to all points East. Through tickets
to all points, all rail or steamship and rail at
LOWEST RATES. Steamer tickets Include
berth and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear
st. at 11 a. m. S-. F. BOOTH, Gen. Art. Pass.
Dept.. 1 Montgomery st. ; C. CLIFFORD, Gen.
Agt. Frt. Dept, 3 Montgomery st.
AMERICAN LINE. ;i
NEW YORK-SOUTHAMPTON— LONDON.
New York. Oct. 7,10 amlSt. Louis. Oct.21, 10 am
Phlla...Oct. 14, 10 am'N. Tork. Oct. 2S. 10am
- ATLANTIC TEANSPOBT LINE.
Kew York — London Direct.
Masaba..Oct. 10, 9 am|M!n'polls.Oct. 24. « am
Mn'fka.Oct. 17. 1 : 30pm I M In' ha. Oct. 31. 1:30 pm.
Only First-class Passengers Carried.
DOMINION LINE.
Boston — Queenstown — Liverpool.
Mayflower Oct. SlNew England. ..Oct. 29;
Columbus (new). Oct. 13 Mayflower Nov. 5
Commonwealth . . Oct. 221 Columbus Nov. 1 J
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Dominion Oct. 10[Canada J2£t. 3t
Southwark Oct. 17lSouthwark Nov. 7
Boston Mediterranean Dlrect
AZOUES-GIBKALTAU-NArr.ES-GENOA.
Vancouver Sat , Oct. 10. Nov. 21
Cambroman Sat.. Oct. 31. Dec. 12
BED STAR LINE.
Wew York — Antwerp — Paris.
Finland. Oct 10. 10 am|Kroonl*d.Oct. 24, 10am
Vad'land.Oct. 17. 10 amlZealand.Oet. 31, 10 am
. WHITE STAB ilNE.
Kew York — Queenatown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Germanic. .Oct. 7, noon [Majestic. .Oct. 14, noon
Cedric....Oct. 9, 7 am Celtic. Oct. IB, 1:30 pm
Armen'n.Oct. 13, 10 nm'Oceanfc. .Oct. 21, 6 am
C. D. TAYLOK. Passenger Agent, Pacific
Coast. 21 Post et.. San Francisco.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA/
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m., for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONO, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
S. S. NIPPON MARU
Thursday, October 15, 1003
S. a AMERICA MARU
Tuesday, November 10, 1903
S. S. HONGKONO MARU
Thursday. December 3, 1903
Via Honolulu. Round trip tickets at reduced
ratf.s. For freight nnd passage apply at Com-
pany's offlce. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. II. AVERY. General Agent.
AA_{inlAC 1_ fi'A IMWJIM, SAMOA, HEW
6 S VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
• land and Sydney. Thursday. Oct. 8. 2 p. m.
R S ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Oct. 17, 11 a. m.
SS' MARIPOSA. for Tahiti, Oct. 28, 11 a. m,
41. IPEECKlSi SIOS.CO.. Kgb.. Tttttonxe,e43 larbta
fnisbteiSsaJil Hariri SUivIi J.Paoft SL
COMPAONIE GENE-ALE TBANSAT-AKTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Thursday instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, »*»•___*
North River, foot of Morton st.
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building),
New York. J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast
A Rents. 5 Montgomery a\-enue. San Francisco.
Tickets soUI by all Railroad Ticket Agents. ¦
Mare Island and Vallejo Steamers.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday, 8:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo,
7 a. m... 12:30 noon, 6 p. m., ex. Sunday. Sun-
day, 7 a. m., 4:15 j). m. Fare, 50 cents. Tel.
Main 1308. Pier 2, Mis3lon-st. dock. HATCH
HROS.
BAILWAY TBAVEL
18ALIF0RNIA 1
LBIrHTED TO CHICAGO I
Leaves Mondays and Thursdays |
at 0:30 a. m., through In 8 days, |
with dinar and all trappings. I
l .'?^.y^^^^AX^-Tj»^-iy^_y
Other Santa Fe Trains :
7:30 a. m. ) fof Stockton, Fresno, Bakersfield*
9:30 a. m. > Merced Hanford and Viaalia.
8:00 p. ni. i
4.00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Graad Canyon and
Chicago.
Ticket Offic»: 641 Market Bt., and retry
Depot. S. F. Also 11L? Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal.
|^p^£igg TO SAM RAFAEL
H§3j§iy_l__ SAM QUENTIN,
llPlllill MILL VALLEY,
i^|nlf! CAZADERO.ETC.
1^^^^^^ via Sauaalito Terry
WEEK DAYS— (Holidays excepted)— «:45.
t*7:45 8:45 0:45, 11 a. m.. 12:20, •1:43. 3:15.
4:16. t5:15. *6:1S. 6:45, 0. 11:45 p. m.
7:45 a. m. train week days does not run to
SsIinda'ys and legal holidays— t.
|8, t*9, t*10. 11. tU:30 a. m., T12:30. fl:3O,
2:35. "3:50, 5, 6. 7:30, 9, 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
Those marked (t) to Fairfax, except 8:15 p. m.
Saturdays. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train
runs to Fairfax.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCI3CO
—Week days— 5:25. ttt:25, 7:40, 8:15, J»:35.
11:OR a. m.. 12:30, 2:20. KJ:45, 4:50, R:30. 6:45,
10:20 p. a».
SUNDAYS— 0:15, 7:33, J8:10, 9:10. $10:55.
tll:45 a. m.. 12:50, 2:30. J3:25, 4:40, J5:50.
6:55. 7:35. 10:20 p. m.
¦ Trains marked <t) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Week days— 5:45. 6:40. 7:45. 8:23,
0:45. 11:10 a. m.. 12:40. 2:45, 4:15. 5:10, 7:00.
10:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 7:55, 10. 11:10 a. m.. 12:05.
1:05 2:40 3:45, 4:55. 6:05, 7:10. 10:40 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m., week days — Cazadero and way
stations.
5:15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays executed)—
Tomaies and way stations.
3:15 p. m.. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 8 a. m., Caza-
dero and way stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a. m.. Point
Reyes and way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— 628 Market st.
FERRY— Foot of Market st.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave fia Stualib Ferry Arrive
Saa Fran. HorflUrlmSi San Fiaa. ¦
Week Sun- 555L_. Son- \Ve*k~
e:45 A miooa £$&&&! 1».oon 57T5I
l:43p 9:OOa tSSSjiSSgJiaf 1S:3O*3:3Op
S:16rlO:00A %f«lS^5Sr 3:30r 3:5Or
fc-W»7»wjj, law TitotT 9:30r,-TtwSJ. ll;3O»
TlCUf 1 62S MxiMT St.. (North Snore Railroad;
' U7IC- I and Sausauto Fkxxy. Foot -larkst St.
dence, C16 Connecticut . atreet. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
FALCONER — In thia city, October 1. 1003,
Robert S. Falconer, a native of Nova Scotia,
aged • 71 years.
[ETFriends and acquaintancea are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
FRIEDMAN— In this city, October 2, 1003,
Hannah, beloved wife of Salomon Friedman,
and dearly beloved mother of Alfred. Isaac,
Belle, Frances, Samuel, Joseph, Sarah, Abra-
ham and Aaron Friedman, a native of Posen,
Germany, aged 53 years 5 months and 11
days.
(C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2014 Howard street, thence by elec-
tric funeral car to Hills of Eternity , Ceme-
tery, leaving Eighteenth and Guerrero streeta
at 2 o'clock, for interment. Please omit
flowers.
GARREN— Entered into rest, In thla city, Oc-
tober 1, 1903, Louis, beloved husband of
Hannah Garren, and devoted father of Mrs.
Harris Rubin, Mrs.' Nath Offenbach and
Morris, David, Benjamin and Leslie E. Gar-
ren, a native of Austria, aged 73 years.
{FT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, October 4, 1903, at 8 o'clock, at his
late residence, 13 Minna street, near First.
Interment New Salem Cemetery, by car-
riages. Please omit flowers.
GILES— In this city, October 1, 1903, Robert
Giles, beloved brother of Joseph Giles of
South Omaha, Nebr., a native of Nova Sco-
tia. A member, of : South San Francisco
Lodge No. 45, K. of P. . .
(CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his niece, Mrs. Lawrence J. Welch,
1452 Seventh avenue south, South San Fran-
cisco, thence to All Hallowa Church, corner
Sixteenth avenue and N street south, where'
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HODGE — In this city, October 1, 1903, Colonel
Newton D. Hodge, beloved husband of Ella
M. Hodge, a native of Flint, Mich., aged 60
years.
CT'Companions of the Military Order of
the Loyal Legion, U. S., and friends and
acquaintances are requested to ¦ attend the
funeral services at his late residence, 1500
McAllister street, Sunday, at 10 o'clock. In-
terment private.
HURLEY — In thta city, October 1, 1003, Cor-
nelius T. Hurley, beloved son of the late
John and Mary Hurley, and brother of Mrs.
J. J. Cronan, a native of San Francisco,
aged 32 years.
% crThe funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlora
of McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose cf his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
JOHNSTON— In this city, September 30, 1003,
John, beloved husband of Jennie Johnston,
and father of Mrs. Charles Johnson and Fred
R.; Alma M. and the late Mabel A. John-
ston, a native of Kingston, Canada, aged 60
years.
(CFricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday, October 3, 1903. at 11 o'clock, at
his late residence, 42 Woodward avenue, be-
tween Thirteenth and Fourteenth, Mission
and Valencia streets. Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery.
JOOST— In this city, October 1, 1903, Fried-
erich II. Joost, beloved son of the late Joost
Joost and Sophie K. Joost, and brother of
Martin. TbnJcK, Fabian and Behrend H.
JoOBt, Mrs. Anna D. Cordes and Sophia K.
Joost, a native of Kohlen, Germany, aged
35 years 11 months and 18 days.
IT^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to -attend the funeral Sunday,
October 4, at 1:30 o'clock,- from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
KOrFKL— In this city, October 2, 1903, Moses
Koppel, brother of Mrs. Henrietta Sellg
and Louise and Julius Koppel, a native of
Hanover, Germany, aged 70 years.
(E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, October 4. at 10 o'clock, at his late
residence, N2(j Mission street. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery, by train leaving
Third and Townsend streets at 11 o'clock.
Please omit flowers.
KROGER— In this city. October I, 1903, Au-
gust Kroger, beloved brother of Hans Kro-
ger, , a native of HolMeln, Germany, aged 73
years and S months. . . - .
LEOXARD— In the City and County Hospital.
October 2, litOJ, Mary Leonard, a native
of Germany, aged f>2 years.
LIVINGSTON— In this city, October 2. 1903,
Agnes, dearly beloved wife of George, mother
of Raymond Livingston, and sister of Jula,
John, Thomas and the late Jerry and Dan-
iel Murphy, a native of Virginia City, Nev.,
aged 28 years.
[ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral' to-morrow
(Sunday), at J2:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mis-
sion •treet,' thence to St. Patrick's Church
for services. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
MATAXAS— In this city, October 2, 1903, '
Peter Mataxax, beloved cousin of Thomas
Portolap. a native of Greece, aged 27 years.
A member of the Pacific Coast Marine Fire-
mtn's Union.
JCT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attejid the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, thence to Russian Church, Powell
and Filbert streets, for services. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery. • -
MEYER— In this city, October 1, 1903, Cap-
tain Louis Meyer, a native of Germany, aged
(iO years.
C7"Fri.-ni!.« and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Mount Morlah Lodge
No. 44. F. and A. M.
OGILVIE— In this city, October 1, 1903, at St.
Luke's Hospital, John Ogllvle, a native of
St. John, New Brunswick, aged 79 years.
CyFuneral and Interment private.
O'NEILL — In this city, October 1, 1903. Hugh
O'Neill, a native of Ireland, aged 77 years.
PUCCI — In this city, Octob«r 1, 1903, Argen-
tina Marie Pucci, beloved daughter of Mar-
ciaco J. -and Delia Puccl, a native of San
Francisco, aged 2 yeajy'and 10 days.
(C7Friends nnd acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), Rt 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 353:1 J Ptrect, oft avenue, south
of the park. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
' tcry.
RODRIGUEZ— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, October 1. H>03, Antonio Rodriguez, a
native of the United States of Colombia,
aged 30 years.
RYAN— In this city, October 2, 1903, Nora
Lvj beloved daughter of Ellen and the late
John Kyan, and sister of John, Frank, Wil-
liam, Edward, Maurice, Mary, Eleanor,' Tes-
sle and Loretta Ryan, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 22 years.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited tu attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at !» o'clock, from the residence
of her mother, 10 Oak Grove avenue, oft
Harrison etrect, between Fifth and Sixth,
thence to St. Rose's Church for services,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SAVAGE— In St. Helena, October 1, 1903,
Hlchard Savage, beloved husband of Ida E.
Savage, father of Colonel R. H. Savage,
Captain J. E. Savage and L. E. Savage, and
grandfather of Alice, Richard, Majorle and
Grace Savage, a native of New York, aged
85 years 3 months and 0 days.
SHARP— In this city, October 1, 1903, W r ll-
Ilaru fohairi, huRbnnd of the late Margaret
Sharp, father of Mrs. Charleii Devlin, and
•-stepfather of William Swanton, a native of
1 Scotland.
t^Notico of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlora of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 7H7
Mission street, between Third and Fourth.
SIEGFRIED — Entered into rest. In this city,
October 1, 1903, Mrs/ Anna Siegfried, widow
of 11. A. Siegfried, and beloved mother of
John C. Rlegfriod, Mrs. A. Wllhelml and
Mru. William Forner, aged S2 years and 0
months.
ICT'Tho funeral services will be held to-
day (Saturday), at 10:."0 o'clock, at her
late residence, 2148 Pine street. Interment
private. .
SMITH— In this city, October 1, 1903, Charles
W., beloved husband of Mary Smith, father
of Clarence, Albert, Leo, Charles and Stan-
ley Smith, son of Mrs. Emma Donohue, and
brother of John and the late James Smith,
a native of New York, aged 47 years.
(E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invlte/l to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 2021 Twenty-flf th street, thence
to St. Paul's Church for services at 1
o'clyk. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
STEVEN— In thla city. October 1, 1903, David
Steven, a native of Scotland, aged 50 year*.
. cyFuneral cervices will be held at the
Masonic Temple Sunday, October 4, at 2
o'clock, under the auspices of Pacific Lodge
. No. . 130,'. F. -and A. M. Interment Cypress
' Lawn Cemetery.
WALSH— In thla city. October 1, 1903, Wil-
liam Walsh. A member of the Iron Bridge
and Structural, Local No. 31.
WENTWORTH— In this city. October 1, 1003.
Myra B. Wentworth.
' tCTInterment at Nevada City. Please omit
flowers.
CARD OF THANKS.
Mrs. Helena Krueckel and > family desire
to thank their friends and acquaintances, as
well as the members of E. j von Bandel Lodge
NO. 3, O. d. H. S., Court Hubertus No. 15.
F. of . A., the Suddeutsche Verein . and the
Vereln Klntracht, for the kindness and sym-
pathy extended them in ¦ their recent be-
reavement. •
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 2.— E. ,N. Davidson,
proprietor of the Chautauqua lodgwtt-hsuye at
138^ North Spring street, and one of the best
known hoUl men in • Loa ¦ Angeles, was ftunl
dead. in bed this morning.' Davidson apparently
was in *ils usual health; when he lotired late
last -night. Heart disease was. the cause cf
death. ¦" ¦ ' : • '
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS'
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
THREE new 7-room houses; modern; south
frontage; 2 blocks from N. B. station; nice
homes or good investment;, price reduced; 12
per cent on price asked. See owner,- 1923
Vine Bt.. Berkeley.
__________ - _ .
Real Estate and Insurance Agent.
Choice Property a Specialty.
SB cor. Sbattuck ave. and Center -St.
Berkeley. Cal.
SPECIALISTS.
CATA^R^T^EAFNESS^nTNoisES In EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottingham. 204 Sutter st.
SEWIXG MACIIIXES AXD SUPPLIES
NEW HOME sewing macniue, this week only,
$10. $13. $20; slightly used: needles 20o do*.
NEW HOME S M. CO.. 1081 Market st.
STABLES TO LET.
STABLE— 10 stalls and hay loft, with house of
8 rooms; near 24th and Castro. 617 Clipper st.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household gods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St., near Third; phone Grant 101.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
flce Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Prlv. Ex. B71.
CONKLIN'S Storage^ — Furniture and rnerchan-
dlse. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 120.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
Mission st. ; tel. Howard 911. F. TV. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmora St.; phone Jackson 231.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
STUTTERIXG AXD STAM.MERIXC.
MELBOURNE School, Van Ness-Market— Cure
in overy case; Individual teaching; no medi-
cine Inquire into wonderful cures; home cure.
•^J^YJPEAVRITE^IS^^X^^UPPLIP^
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— -Wa
cell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 260.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars. L. <_ M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 60S Market.
~~^ DIVIDEND SOTICKS.
DIVIDEND XOTICE — The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con. — A dividend. No. C8, of fifty
cents (50c) per share on the Issued capital
stock of the company has been declared, pay-
able at the office of the company^ rooms 202-
204-20ti Hayward building, San Francisco, on
October 10, 1903. Transfer books dose Octo-
ber 3. 1903. C. C. QUINN, Secretary.
OFFICE of Sierra Railway Company of Cali-
fornia. No. 229 Crocker bldg., San Fran-
cisco, Cal., Oct. 1, l»03 — Coupon No. 13, due
Oct. 12, 1003, from first mortgage 0 per cent
bonJs, of the Sierra Railway Company of
California, will be paid at the fiscal agency
of this company, the Crocker-Woolworth Na-
tional Bank of San Francisco, Cal., on and
after that date.
S. P. FRESHMAN. Treasurer.
MARRIAGE LICENSES^
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday :
Otto K. Pedersen, 31, 313>4 Ellis atreet, and
Augusta N. Hanson. 27, 1440 Mason street.
Joseph A. Allec, 33, 513 Jonea street, and
Florence. Eyraud, 33. city.
Charles U. Flelschhauer, 33, city, and
Ottilie Wolchow. r,ti. 2115 Powell street.
Edward Anderson. 32. 247 Steuart street,
and Mary Hotala, 3r>, 247 Steuart street.
Ellis Lewis, 21. 2.T13 Hush street, and Se-
lena E. Cohan, 18, 2005 Pino street. - -¦ i
John F. I-^slle, 21, *28 Potrero avenue, and
Edith Goldkuhl, IS. 2309 Twenty-fourth fctreet.
Boyce J. Thornton, 21, fi7."> Oeary street, and,
Treny F. Salcedo, lit, 575 Oeary street.
Matlo Darcamo, 32, 424 Broadway, and An-
gela Sena, 28. 420 Broadway.
Nickels Niekelsen, 37, 1U I street. South
San Francisco, and Adelheid Henkel, 20, S25S
Harrison street.
Thomas G. Jamleeon, 28, city, and Katherlne
Couchman, 22, Sunnyvale.
Albert T. Aeuirre. 24, Stockton, and Mar-
garet K. Lcv-mlc, 10, Clements.
Laurent Loustau, 23, 1757 Polk street, and
Catherine Uaylacq, 1!», 1757 Polk street.
Jozo Mlljas, .'12, 425 Broadway, and Marie
Gajup, US, 425>a Broadway.
Peter J. Hernan, *>4, 277 Sixth street, and
Frances Brownlee, 57, city.
Ralph L. Roes. 27, 1005 Devinadero street,
and Lillian B. Childs, 23, 1!K>5 Devlsadero st.
Peter Erramouspe, 30. 1347 Powell street,
and Domenica Itcaina, 22, 1347 Powell street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEA1H&
Birth, marriage and death notices eent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the earn© published.
BORN.
BURGESS— In this city, October 1, 1903, to
the wife of J. E. Burgess, a son.
HELLRICH— In Belvedere, September 15, 1003
to the wife of Paul H. Hellricb, a »on.
died7~
Blain,' Oscar Leonard, Mary
Brelllng, Mrs. M. Livingston, Agnes
Cain. James Mataxas, Peter
Coliigan, John I. Meyer, Capt. Louis
Cull, Annie P. Ogllvte, John
IJugan, Patrick O'Neill, Hugh
Eastman, Annette Puccl, Argentina M.
Falconer. Robert S. Rodriguez, Antonio
Friedman. Hannah Ryan. Nora L.
Garren.' Louis Savage,. Richard
Glle*. Robert fiharp, William
Hodge. Col. Newton Siegfried. Mrs. A.
Hurley, Cornelius T. Smith, Charles W.
Johnston, John Steven, David
Joost, Friederich II. Walsh. William
Koppel, Moses Wentworth, Myra B.
Kroger, August
BLAIN— In. this city, October 2, 1003. Oscar,
dearly b^oved husband of Hattie Blain, and
loving brother of Marlanna Blain, a native
of California, aged 41 years and » months.
BREILING — In Oakland, October 2, 1903, Mrs.
Margaretha Breillng, widow of the late John
Brelling, and dearly beloved mother of Mrs.
Herman Druhe and Adolf J., Oscar F., Emll
J., Julia, Emma and Lillian Brelllng, a na-
tive of Kllngemunster, Bavaria, aged (il
years 7 months and 12 days.
tC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attejid the funeral services
Monday, October r>, l!)03, at 2 o'clock, at her
late . residence, 1473 Eighth street, Oakland.
Interment private.
CAIN— In this city, October 2, 1903, James
Cain, beloved brother of Mary Cain, a na-
tive of County Galway, Ireland, aged U0
years.
(T—TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
October 6, at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
quiem high mas3 will be celebrated for the
repose of Ms soul ' at 0 o'clock, interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
COLLIGAN— In this city, October 1, 1903, John
. I.; beloved son of Terence and Jane Colli-
gan, and brother of Mary J., Katie I., Annie
L., James A., William B., Frank J. and the
late Terence V. Colligan, a native of San
Francisco, aged 21 years 0 months and 24
days.
4T^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
October B. at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 1301 Vallejo street, near Lur-
kln, thence to St. Brlgid's Church, corner
of Broadway and Van Ness avenue, where a
solemn requiem high ir.abs will be celebrated
for" the. ret-ose of his soul, commends*: at
9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
CULL— In thla city, October 1, 1003, Annie P.,
beloved daughter of Lawrence C. and Mary
A. Cull, and sister of Lawrence F., Philo-
mena, Vincent, May, Rosalie and Ursula
Cull, a native of Chicago.
C7The funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 2760 Twenty-fourth street, thence
to St. Peter** Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul at 0 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
• Cemetery.
DUGAN— In this city, September 30, '• 1903,
Patrick, beloved huaband of Ellen Dugan,
and loving father of Mrs. F. A. Lafell and
Thomas M., Jamea E. and Kate H. Dugan
and the late John S. Dugan, and Fanny K.
Nelson, a native of Ireland, aged 81 years
and 7 months. 1
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 2073 Pine street, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repoae of his
eoul. commencing at 9 o'clock sharp- In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
Please omit flowers.
EASTMAN— In this city, October 2. 1903, An-
nette, beloved daughter of George S. and
Helen E. Eastman, and sister of Carl A.
and Harry A. Eastman, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 29 years 2 months and 5 days.
ETIriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend trie funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the family resi-
Jamea McGinn. . Henry Hanaea. I
james mcginn & co., I
Formerly With McGinn Bros.. I
Funeral Directors and Ernbaliners.— I
214 Eddy at.; Tel. South 076. ? I
" 1/^ PER SO X ALS.
It^FAClA^ BLTTMIFHCS KEMOVJD.
Wrinkies yclic-v an>\ ilabby ek'n. birthmarks,
emal'ricx pittings and ecars scientifically re-
• - yovtu withou; rut in*, massage, electricity or
• n.edlcines tj>ec:al demr .stratlont this week.
"' Callc-writ* lu. L. WILMAMS, 371 Geary.
TO Whom It Mw Concern— Noil e ia given '
•that'H^XRT "STKAT^MANN. SW. corner
• i.teuart and Howard rts., proprietor o' the
< Eurt-kn t-aloor has sold • the sam* to MAR-
CV.t LjiMM afl SIMON CARLSOX.
TI'^: P'ai Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
p'-ov.-s f growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
• and itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
¦ cles'jes scrip: «^ druggists', hairdressers' ;ac-
• c*-pt r.c *-:!*t'«utt Star Remedy Co.,1338 Polk.
BRAUX t*rof.**sorJ Mart.n, graduate masseur
cf 'lie rmperfaJ UnfcrenOt* Hospital. Vienna.
Office ••"-4 BUST King Wig.. 121 Geary. Tel.
f Exchaiii-'e £* t: __________ _______
JJOT'hcw "heiti' br-i" how gool 1« the motto of
the mtnafk-tUMll of 1 the P.aDid Rotary
BtiriAart, the s>evriag-machine of t.-day. 'J.
U". •¦: v hN'S, acpct. 1021 Karket st.
PHTSIC" 1 VX, 15 Vfars' eTnorlence. cures per-
iriEJient:?; morphine, cocoklne habit. 'Call or
ao'J— -ss Central Pharmacy, 251 Grant ave.,
• corciT Fitter St.; fe« moderate.
A GEXTLiOiaN wants to form th« aoquaint-
sn~e o^ 'Oal.'fornic lady; ohiect matrimony.
A<ldie.V.bo-:-l&00. C^ll dTfice^
PRTNKEXXEKS. morphine and all drug dli-
, esses positively cured by Wllliw Bark Co..
js;fi» IV'lk St.; consultation fre*; call o» write.
ItEKOVAL^bn." W. C."rTRATTON~liis re^
— lovofl .its offl'-w f— 5-t 2255 Mission st. U
root— a 573 and 574, l*»rrott bldg. (Emporium).
DANONO ".Tue«day. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday CfMsSci a* Teutonia Hall, Howard
Ft., near Ninth; '.^anae-emer- 1 Prof. Foster.
>T ten than cost, vncalled for suits, overcoats
nnd tro-jsors at CILARL—S L TONS', London
Tallar, 7^1 _tark«tt rt.
EIJiGANT eult^ on «acy inst_llments: 50 cents
sna up pc<-'wee'_. LEON I.KilOS. 1127
Market St., betweeii Seventh ani Eighth.
L 1.IQUOR habit cur id. W« guarantee to cure
."the liquor i«s.b'.t In 2 <!iys or r.o charges.
Atm T.4QUor Cure Co.. jyj~ Market, r. .02.
ANDERSON — EVjgant C'eat-irn: anJ masquer-
ade cofturr.-i* rented. 20 O"?^rr^il st.
" KITTS to ord*r on instanm<>n»s. Jl per week.
Xeuhaus & Cn.. raerch.tailom.727-7-J Market.
ElTEHFLUOUf; hair 4 mnlfr rt Jioired by elec-
tric fcwuJle. Dr. & Mn.Travt-rse.1170 Market.
• THE best plaof «o buv good umbrellas or
htv« tht'r« oovert"' rr lepairei is 120 Stockton
ALL rtylr-s raJfrfressiTig 2.^^: hair gooJs; raanl-
ounri, 2T,~. r.. LRiERER, 1-1 Stockton st.
TAILOR-MAI>p suit $7 SO; dress pants t2 50.
iVsflt .Oothir'ir, I'arlor.cor. T-Jsh and Dupont.
•MASQUEitAP'5 costume*, play book-s, wigs,
country ord»r«. GOI..HSTEIX & CO.. 733 Mkt.
>IJ-"IKDT*M'S EoptSan lier.nx. res-ores gray
hair tf its r.atural color, $1. at all druggists'.
S'jrorBuous hair a^d moles re— loved with elec-
trlf. ri'.-^lo. Mrs. & Miss Kator 1-13 Saner.
PALMISTKV.
• Mlin. 1' KVAP— Fvientifio p-Jtnlet ar.i astrolo-
¦CUS. Valm readwiga $1. Ilours 10 to 12 and
1 to 5. a»d Tu<*s<iy evt-nings 128 Post st,
H: JTEBOMEFOCELLI. scientific palmfirt. 5! 5
« Taylor St.. near Geary. Phone Black .V.I.
. JP*.PERHA\«JIXG. PAIXTIJfC. LITC.
• 3HO»'»MS ' papered, $3 5<» up; »lnfns. j alntir.B,
' Hp— .— ram »t:ct Co.. 31-J 34 «t. .tiel.Main 413.
r*HT.\KRS UAXTED.
$1,000— I'APTVEK for leglt.mate. well -pay ing
, bUEiivvf, raCst dr'%e delivery team. Box "70,
r" Oakland P. O.
."• •>IIV«,ICIA\S A>D «r»lGEO\S.
T>Ti. <-. < . •TIifN'XLT.L — Offlo, and rt«iiJ*nc*,
• 102J«4 Market st . »iet. Cth ..-id 7th; partlcu-
¦"cr att'i:t:on raJi to diseases of -womeri.
pkln ar.3 rental dise—ses a s-«cial»y.
DR. VA'.L, l'.'SVs Market et.
lr->*O''EI>— DR. vVONG IUM. zierb doctor;
trrntE nil d_-ease» of th* human bodj ; for
rast f~ur .»-cir» at 715- TIT M—son; now lo-
•cate<1 at 1 CC7 '^ear" mt., n»»r Le-.ver. worth.
' DR. TCXO IvJ'cilT. sur-essnr to If. U Po
TVi'. floio doc "ures all 4!isea*e» of frvman
oy js«f of nn.rb* fid teas. T"27 Washington st-
V'ON'i WOO. the 'ornous herb doctor — All dl«-
fves cured by Chinese hc~bs. 74>>8 t-l»y et.
3UOMS FOR UOfSEKJIEriXfi.
X- ' -V-- J.CEA, ilcAllister ax.d Laguna — Fit-
rished. ,-ur.ny suite, with s^p»irate eunny
kit .her'.'; -ras range; all ccruplete for house -
. i-eep'i.g; $15. up.
AXTLELtiS. 415 Ti«rk el. — bfictly modern, 4-5
• modi apartments;, fur. or. unfur. for heKpg.
/..-deli, 15 i'astf— T—irteiura. l.;-.,r. rms, Jl 25,
Jl r >0, 12: tract suites, $3 wk.; gas stoves.
CT.VTRAL AVE.. 722, n»ar McAllister— Three
it^iins .'urn ribed ;coal and gas stoves; rent $15.
¦T~LLIP. '5C.1--3 furir-'s". ed scanr roion-.s, suitable
f or houfceke«-olr.g; gas range, bath and pLone.
•ELLIS, C'jT,. c >«-. —Arkin — Front oay-windaw
• 8-lcove;. jnantel and ki'chtn; gas etove.
FIF"i"H I39r-8uxni flat: nlcelT furnished bay-
wn jv.w roor.s; tifM hoasekceplng; teaeonable.
G2ARY. 4i*S— Thre4 ni^ly furnished sunry
.ijrio'ut for bouft»keep.'ng. .
CEARY K7^ — 2 ray lanre sunny hack rooms.
cynjple'-ejy furnlsheci; r<-«rclar kitcht-n; $22 50.
, HE!U!i:itT <The> — f unnr apartments for
h'ju«ekt«plng; ' ga« ran/re»>; "ust newly fur-
. .re''^' I.' i'l J'u'.V rt;. .- • * .
JlirtllOX.- l^-i-nieganv' front «ulte; OQmiAet-
fr>r 'ouy'h'^r'^c: 1 running walpr; gas; phone.
O»\, ll"-Pun:i>- s-;ite. $10; 1 room. ?.';; hkpg. ;
irao range; *..* t.xth; laur.do'; adult.
fl\ LOKOS. H2<y— funny' furn. front roorr:
large ki».;.-iien. l«undj->-; fl~: no childrea. .
6F .'EXTH. 191— -Sunny bay-wladow rooms,
guitab!!.- for l.jus. keeping. • • •
eWKTOX. U' C. Model ¦.Mouse— Front rooms,
»'*w:>- furr.]sh>i. $.*; jhone.' gas, bath, sunny.
THE Gillesr". 1V3 Ninth St.- Nicely furnished
roomr. fj .V) to *:'. p^r .v.«-k; j.hor.-e; quiet;
TV K v T Y-TM i Ri ), • S72C. nearOolores— 4 sunny
•~*>'-wiii<iow rc^-'U'.^; nice, .neat; complete.
WEHSTER. CC— F>gar.t!y furn. rooms for 2
, gents., or h?-pg. rooms for man and wife.
S LEAN' unfurnished rooms, large closets; gun
in ore; ww* ---; bath: {ho.-. Box 4"<3. Call.
POUMS TO LKT— Fnrn. and Inform
a— URUXSWICK lloutr. US S.ith^RoTnis
• 23c ;<• *1 rx-r night, (l-S to $."» pet -week and
light hcusektvi>li.g rooms-, ciien all night.
AT The Mmoiite," 873 Market at. '(or Xo. 1
Fifh st.t— Rrxirs. 25c. SOc. 91. $1 50 night;
$1 X'O *o $l«j w^ek; house-open all night.-
BURNETT. 1,20 .Market (eld Xc. 1304)— Fur-
r.ighrj rooms, Fulte, single; also unfurnished.
CAVOHXIA, 23C4— Nicely furnlshftd room;
bath; corf-gptt-rt to cars; r«*rit reasonable,
CUFSO&D, -J'yi Fi;i«. cor. Mason— EleganUy
furn;yh"d sunny rooms; prlcvs reasonable.
GEAR'i, l'j::~— T-or a<iults; 4 rooms.- 2 beds;
. , bath; toilet; eas. and coal stoves. •
GRAND South-m. 7th and Mission— Rooms 50c
;to $1 V> night; $1 -o f.j /week; reading-room.
1JXDEN eve..- .444— T'urnitY-.cO.- irom, $3 5a
. i":d unfumiehed, S3. .
IfEWLf furnished punny front bay-window
roo.j and bath ir- private 5am!lj-, Js"; north of
Markf-t et.; ref erences. • »ox MWj, CalL offle«.
itOc'AL Houpe, 12ti Ellis — Incandescent- lighis,
" reading-ir^m. fmok Ing- room. And ladies' fiar-
. 'lor; rooms i«?r night, .'jric.to $1 50; week, $2
to $*>; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms «clth hot and cold water; baths.
6UTTET?, SC5— Niwly furnished room; private
farm;-. . .
CUTTER. I]'i5— Furnished bav-w.indpw room-
closet; runn'g water:grat«;.$14;llght'housckngl
BUTTER. 1M'. —One or two large furnished
rooms with private ' bfe<l ' and telephone.
THE FAI..MOUT3L- 1'H'JA Market et.; furplshed
rooniis; t n and cold watei, elevator; central.
UNITED p'. ATEP. 123 Eddy «.. near Market—
400 «lncle r.-A famllyrooms; S5c Jo $1 night;
fl t.i to *« v ;k; tlevator; electric- light*;
readlng-rooui-; frt-e 'ohm and baggage.
WPfOflESTEa Hotel 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most -co- < ---ntr-nt- and respectabl-e; 700 rooms-
£_i •?¦ *J 60 t - i^'-'- ?2 tc; $8 week; e'evator;
elec. Ilgbth; reading-room; free bus; baggagfl.
ROOMS AXD BOARD. ~
ELEGANT larce eunr.yTalc^vTVoomT^tlao "an^
other; <?a«, bath, running water; flrst-«laaii
JSJT 1 - fi'^Jf '-»«r: no. children; phone!
1_Z4 --olaen Gate ave. '
ETE%'ENSON Mansion. 807 California at.— At-
trp-r..ve and sightly rooms; beat tail* and
•cervlce: lowest rates, " ¦ '
V>N \L.»S ave., 171*— Private boarding-house
nome like, everything • fi:-*t class; sunny
g»ltes; eint-'e rooms; choice locality; ref.
GOOK home r« r old lady or" gent; terma, $20
to IZj x-er. month.- 6.5' Harriet st,
pAVE.«. C71— XI -e - front room with board for
gentleman; private family; reasonable.
_ <wN^_j^ji^o^~wA^^r
_^S^w! S , fur^^hrd-. rooms VnT^tcn«ror
•tn-Il fnrate_vjl Eat. Bos 4025. Calj oXflce.
REAL. ESTATE CITY — FOR. SALE.
THOMAS MAGES & EOXS.
ItEAL. ESTATE AGENTS,
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
A FEW CHOICE RESIDENCES.
?25,500 — Pacific ave.. not far from Plerc«t fine
large lot. with first-class house of 13
rooms and all modern improvements;
neighborhood first class; cars passing; a
very lino beme.
t22,UK> — Broadway corner with new and ele-
gant residence of two stones, attio and
basement; an unobstructed marine view;
6un la every room; locality first class;
all street work done.
$21,000 — Elegant Presidio Tloights residence;
lot 50 feet front by 127:8 feet deep; lino
new 2-story attic iuid basement resi-
dence of 15 rooms In _1I and two baths;
fine view of Presidio, bay and Marln
County hills; first-class residences being
built in this entire district.
120,500 — Buchanan st.; nn« 2-story attlo and
basement residence of 12 rooms and two
baths; finely situated key lot, with
Eplendid southern exposure; everything
about this place is thoroughly complete.
$17,000— Vallejo st.. 00 feet front by extra
large drpth: very Good 2-story attio
and basement residence of 10 rooms;
everything complete and in first-class
ord»>r; tun and light in every room; an
exceptionally comfortably arranged
home; stablo for horses and automobile.
516,000 — Washington st.; very good 2-story
basement and attic residence of 14
rooms; line view of Presidio and Marln
County hills; neighborhood first class.
$15,000— Franklin st., not far from Pacific ave-.;
new 2-story attlo nnd basement resi-
dence, containing large drawing-room,
with mahogany eas grate, reception hall
with hardwood floor and tiled grate;
dining-room has hardwood floor, Spanish
cedar WRinscoting, beamed celling,
Spanish cedar gas grate and two buf-
fets; butler's pantry, kitchen; hardwood
stairs leading to second Btory: four bed-
rooms, each with lar^o closet, hall and
cedar closets, extra fine bathroom, with
tiling on walls and marble floor; attio
of two rocms for servants ; basement
containing laundry and storeroom;
neighborhood first class.
fl?,000 — Vallejo st.; new 2-story and attlo
house, with '•lepant basement; woodwork
of rWlwcxMi with dull finish; 8 rooms and
bath; plastered house; fine view of bay;
electric cars close by.
• PACTFIC HEIGHTS CORXER.
50x137:6 feet; a very fine corner, with fine
southern exposure; magnificent and un-
. obstructed view; In the coming residence
.locality of the city; this lot is ottered
remarkably cheap.
\ THREE PIECES ON PIXE ST.
$11,000 — Pine rt., not far from Kearny; 3-
story rvrick building, with basement;
rents low at fOO.
$10.000— 25:0 feet front; 3-story frame build-
ing, which could be. turned into flats
and would pay handsomely; this Is
wjlthln a few blocks of the center at the
. -business district.
$9, COO— Pine et. : 3-story frame building: rents
for f^'per month; if properly handled
TF.ouM brine In far better rent.
THOMAS MAGED & SOXS. . - .
¦ I • 5 MONTGOMERY ST.
OXL.T $2:>M) for both or $1290 for one; two
, choice and vt'ry cheap lots; a bargain; west
• Fi«^e Sixth, ave., north of Lake st. ; the ad-
, Joining lot Just i»old for $1500; ready for
building-; lots are graded, street macadamized
ar r d t-ewered; gas/ water and electricity on
rtreet; a superior class of residences are be-
lr.gr built in this locality: only a few steps
• from the electric cars on Lake-et^a fine buy
." fcr a builder to sell again; can arrange for
eafy payments; policy cf title insurance cov-
ers' the lots. i??ued by Cal. Title Insurance
-and Trust Company.
Tf. J. GUN'N,
rao California st. (Pavings Union Bldg.).
$37.">O — CALL J to-day and see- my two elegant
I new C-room housee; porcelain bath, tiled,
very high basement; could be converted Into
4 rooms' cement sidewalk; sewered; few steps'
from'j-ars; must be stren to.be appreciated;
?„*> -and 27 Hrazll avt.; take red Misslon-8t.
car. E.' LEWIS, C30 Market st.
$ll.?)00; RFNT $1200 per year; not yet com-
pleted. but rented; 3 marine-view flats; north
fide Union et.. east of 'Webster; every room
l« anl -vill b« tunny; every possible latest
Improvement. Apply on premises after 2 p. m.
ONLY $1700 — Bargains; lots on runny elde
Union ft., -with srand marine view; ready
for building; cars pass; the only lots that
are row for sale cheap en north side Union
W. J. aUNN,
S30 California gt. (Savings Union Bldg.).
BARGAIX — Two handsome new residences of
C rooms and bath; sunny, modern and up to
date in every particular; Non. W.6 and 868
Clayton Et.. near Golden Gate Park; price
$5100 and $5400. Apply R. D. CRAXSTOX
& BOSS. 114 Montgomery st.
FOR sale — House and lot containing 3 flats of
G rooms each; modern improvements; cen-
trally locate!. Address box B, Call branch
200 Hayes st.
I210O— COTTAGE of 4 r. and b., large basement
and >ard: 2i>4 27th st. : this Is a bargain. $100
down. $15 month: cottage. 4 r. and b : Xeva-
da ave. D. COFFIX & CO., 33o3 Mission at.
$11,000— INCOME property south of Market Bt. ;
pays 104 T>er cent net after deducting all
expenses. THORXE A CO . 312 Bush st.
BI'ILD on 'your unimproved realty; w« loan
full COtt improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN' CO.. Crocker building.
A BARGAIN'; lot 25x100; Mission St., near
28th. Apply Owner. 6S4 Ash ave.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Cull. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for Jl.
portnro paid.
URAL ESTATE — Country — For Snle.
5 ACRES orchard; assortment of fruit trees;
house of C 'rooms and bath; hot and cold
water; first-class plumbing; well and tank
house, windmill, chicken house, barn, car-
riage house*, etc. Inquire GOEHLICH sa-
loon. Orchard ave., Elmhurst.
$S<XK) — Good paying dairy; stock, tools, wagons.
04 acres land. 15 acres fruit. 2 barns. 9-roora
house on etiiee. of county seat. MOSSMAN,
Examiner bldtr., room 411.
2 ACRES land, adjoining Union Park, Colma;
fenced h*><lges around land; good house;
chicken-nous^, water: rrasonable: chickens,
durkw. R. S. THORNTON. 41C Examiner bid.
ALALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards
vineyards; inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., 648
__ Market Bt.
FOR sale — 25 acres near Mulr Station; partly
planted In young vlnpynrd: oiled roads. Ad-
dress E. B.. 607 Sixth St.. Oakland. .. .
FOR poultry and dairy ranches yielding a good
profit. HAMILTON & KENDRICK, Petaluma.
CHEAPFST and b<?«t in America— The Weekly
Call, 10 pflgps. sent to any address In the
\ nlfxi qtat«»« or Canwr;* "nc year for $1.
JPOIXT Hicinioyp iieaT~e state.
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts'-
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.'
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS^
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
JUST WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR.
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded by flowers and fruit trees; near
train and schools; only $2850; lot 75x125.
Nice 6-room cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY
Tel. Grand 1416. 1500 Park st.. Alameda.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAMJ REAL ESTATE.
$C500— ORIGINAL cost $8500; liouse of 10
rooms; & mantels, heaters, cement base-
ment; hardwood finish halls and dining-
room; a corner lot, 75xJ25 (note size); ele-
. gant marine view; former norne of our
present Governor, George C. Pardee, and
like himself, thoroughly substantial and
. first-class In every respect; terms only
$1000 cash, balance mortgage.
J. S. MYERS or GEO. W. AUSTIN,
• 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$2500— COMFORTABLE cottage with bay-win-
dow and high basement; lot 140 feet deep;
fine, targe barn; gravel driveway; nice-
neighborhood; street work alt done; above
Ban Pablo ave.; terms if you like.
-No matter what kind of a place you want
to buy, be sure to call and «ee J. S. MYERS
or GEORGE W. AUSTIN, 1002 Broadway.
Oakland. . '
OAKLAND FinXITCRE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the daT^r^argaTn«~7n~furnT-
ture. H. Schellhaae. 11th st..cor.store,Oaklnd.
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE OCTOBER 30.
The Call's Cook Book prem-
ium offer will close on October
30, 1903, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household treasure should not
¦fail to place their order im-
mediately.
This splendid premium will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the - exceptionally low ' rate of
fifty cents per copy. Out of
town orders twenty cents ad-
ditional to cover prepayment of
transportation charges.Yesterday Corporal Sylvester,. in charge
of the Chinatown squad, filed his report
of the work done by the squad for last
month. The report shows that the squad
has been doing excellent work, the results
being far in excess of the previous month.
The total arrests were 201, ; three being for
keeping a lottery place, sixteen visiting
a lottery place, 111 having lottery tickets
In possession, one keeping fantan game,
twenty-three visiting fantan game, four
keeping opium place, twenty-three visit-
Ing opium - place, one felony, nineteen
misdemeanors. Of the number Eighty
eight were convicted: and paid fines, four
convicted and confined, one : appealed, 106
dismissed and . eight pending. . The , total
fines and forfeitures amounted to $522 50.
Sylvester Files His Report.
Charles Jennings was convicted by Po
lice Judge Fritz yesterday on a charge of
carrying a concealed and was sen
tenced to serve six months in the County
Jail. He was arrested on Davis street on
Monday night by Policeman Campion on
a charge of vagrancy, and when searched
a biff blackjack was found In.his pocket.
Had Blackjack in His Pocket.
. The authorities will endeavor to estab
lish the Identity of the dead man by the
clothes, and, if possible, ascertain the cir
cumstances surrounding hla tragic «^4.
While engaged In attending to some nets
In the vicinity of Blossom Rock, William
Barlow, a fisherman, discovered, the badly
decomposed body of a man floating in the
bay. He made a rope fast to the body
and towed it to Fisherman's wharf. The
Coroner was notified and the body taken
to the Alorgue. The features were entire
ly gone and it is the opinion of the offi
cials that the deceased had been in the
waters of the bay for more than a month.
The dead man was coatless and all that
remained of the wearing apparel was a
blue flannel shirt, black trousers and gray
underwear. A significant feature and one
that lends color to a foul play theory is
the fact 'that "both pockets In the pants
have either been. torn or cut away and ab
solutely no property was found on the
body.
Bring to Light a Foul
Murder.
Find Hade by William Barlow May
BODY OF A STRANGER FOUND
FLOATING IN WATEBS OF BAT
Patrick Olw'ell, a lahorer residing at the
Potrero, fell from a boxcar at the corner
of Seventh and Irwln streets while on his
way" to work yesterday morning. He was
badly bruised about the face and body
and was removed to the Emergency Hos
pital.
Falls From Car.
Dr. Thos. I. Janes has returned and re
sumed practice •
John Simpson of the brokerage firm of
Simpson & Fisher is dissatisfied with
the conduct of Adolph Bergman, a mem
ber of the firm, and wants an accounting.
Yesterday he filed a suit against Berg
man, in which he charges him with ap
propriating to his own use some of the
funds of the concern.
Says Partner Uses Finn's Funds.
Baker & Hamilton, the bis hardware house,
use our faculties. Mysell-Rollins. 22 Clay. •
Woman Convicted of a Felony.
Dollie* Walker was convicted by a Jury
in Judge Dunne's court yesterday on a
charge of grand larceny and will be sen
tenced next Saturday. She stole $100 from
Edward Lee in a lodging-house on Turk
street on June 28.
P. F«ely; second. J. Hurley: third, William J.
O'Connor; fourth. Artie O'Connor; fifth. John
Murphy; St. Dominic's Choir; St. Thomas
Sanctuary Society; statue of the Blessed Vir
gin — George M. Kelly. D. Kenny, M. Gilmore,
Albion White; Very Rev. Prior and fathers:
members of the Third Order of St. Dominic and
ladies and gentlemen of the congregation;
chanter, Mr. MoKerron.
The Union Oil Company filed a petition
for permission to use a spur track on
Illinois street to connect with the tracks
of the Santa Fe Company. The Interest-
Ing fact was disclosed that the spur track
was laid by some parties unknown with
out permission from the Board of Super
visors. The committee expressed aston
ishment at the discovery, and . then refer
red the matter to the Board of Works for
investigation and report.
The petition of property owners that
the so-called "cemeteries" block and the
blocks north of Lake street and west of
First avenue be renumbered by the As
sessor and City Engineer was favorably
reported upon.
The committee reported !n favor of
changing the name of Sullivan street to
Parnassus avenue.
The committee decided to hear the ap
peal of G. D. Clark from the assessment
for the building of. a sewer in Rlchland
avenue and Holly street on Monday, Oc
tober 12.
The petition of John Kelso for permis
sion to explode blasts at Lombard street,
between Sansome and Wlnthrop, was de
nied, and the clerk was ordered to notify
the Board of Works of the committee's
action.
Charles F.' O'Callaghan, president of
the San Francisco and Southern Railway
Company, appeared to urge the granting
of a franchise to his road. He assured
the committee that the petition was made
in good faith and the road was to run
from Santa Cruz to this city.
"So far as I am concerned," said Su
pervisor Braunhart, "you will have to
give us the names of those who are back
ing the enterprise. We had one petition
of this character from the Bay and Coast
Railway Company, of which W. T. Bag
gett was president, and we denied the
application mainly because we could never
learn who the promoters were. My senti
ments apply to any other company seek
ing a franchise."
The petition of the Atchison, Topeka
,and Santa Fe Ralway system for a fran
chise along Seventn, Seventeenth. Eight
eenth, Mariposa and other streets was
referred to the Board of Public Works
for a report regarding the engineering
details of the scheme, and consideration
thereon was also postponed for one week.
The committee reported In favor of a
proposed ordinance amending the speci
fications for street work so that no cob
blestone pavement shall hereafter be laid
on any street whose gradient is less than
15 per cent.
Both the Western Pacific Railway Com
pany and the San Francisco and South
ern Railway Company, who have filed
petitions for franchises to enter the city
at certain designated points and thence
along certain streets, must give the Board
of Supervisors full information regarding
the promoters and backers of the corpor
ations before they can hope for favorable
action on their applications. This ulti
matum was delivered yesterday by the
Street Committee of the board, and fur
ther consideration of the two petitions
was postponed for. one week.
Arizona, Nevada and Idaho was called
on June 23.
From the obdurate attitude which Presi
dent Sabin has maintained from the first
against the demands of the striking em
ployes the belief is very strong that it Is
the strikers, and not the employers, who
have had to give way in the present in
stance, and that the linemen will be re
turned upon practically the same basis
as that which they held before the trou
ble with the telephone company com
menced.
¦Don't neglect a cough. Take Plso's Cure for
Consumption In time. By druggists. 25c. •
A. Wilson appeared before the Board of
Public Works yesterday and informed that
body that B. Lantry & Sons are in the
habit of firing off heavy blasts in the
Fotrero despite the order of the Board of
Supervisors that they cease doing so.
Wilson stated that extraordinarily heavy
charges of powder were used by the firm
after 6 o'clock, when the inspector of the
board had gone home. Wilson stated that
his house had been severely shaken by
the blasts, and the board detailed an in
spector to Investigate the complaint.
The board awarded the contract for re
paving Spear street, between Market and
Mission, to the City Street Improvement
Company, the lowest bidder.
The board granted a permit to former
Police Commissioner Newhall to remove
his building from the corner of Van Ness
avenue and Sutter street to a lot on' Pa
cific avenue, near Flllmore street. The
petition was modified so that the house
will be moved along Van Ness avenue
for two blocks only, thence will be taken
out Pine to Webster, thence to its desti
nation. v-i;j : . : - :¦>'¦- -
Resident Informs Board of Works
That Lantry & Sons Are Vio
lating Order.
COMPLAINS OF HEAVY
BLASTING IN POTBERO
Phedre. Miss Jones; Hyppollte, T. Ed
ward Morrissy, '04; These, Frederick
Blanchard, '04; Arcie, Miss Millicent
"Ward, '06: Oenone, Miss Celeste Lacoste,
'05; Ismene. Miss Beatrice Snow, '04.
Mr. Morrissy exhibited such talent re
cently at the Columbia Theater. 1 with
which he is connected, that Henry Miller
advised him to go upon the stage and
offered him a position. "Mr. Morrissy de
clined, however, on the ground that he
preferred just now to finish his univer
sity studies.
The play will begin at 3:20 o'clock and
occupy two or two and a half hours.
The music will be under the direction
of Dr. H. J. Stewart and the 6tage man
agement under M. R. Gamble of San
Francisco. The major part • of the work
of preparation has fallen upon Professor
M. J. Spinello of the French department,
though he has received able assistance
from Professor Faucheux and Carlos
Bransby.
•|-^. ERKELET, Oct. 2.— Miss Grace
L2/ Llewellyn Jones is cast for the
l~)) part of Phedre in Racine's
great tragedy, which is to be
presented in the new Greek The
ater to-morrow afternoon by the students
In French at the University of Califor
nia. Miss Jones Is an accomplished young
woman and a graduate student in French
and Italian. She has traveled widely and
while In Italy several years ago she sat
for a picture that was afterward hung
in the salon at Venice. This picture has
been extensively copied.
The last rehearsal for "Phedre" was
held In tho Greek Theater this afternoon
and while there were certain disadvan
tages In the stage effects the players per
formed well. The following Is the cast
of characters:
Street Committee Con
siders Petitions for
Franchises.
DEMANDS NAMES
OF PROMOTERS
A Coroner's Jury in the inquest yester
day into the cause of death of Peter
Rowan, a laborer, who fell from a scaf
folding into a gas tank at the works of the
Pacific Gas Improvement Company, re-,
ttirned a verdict with the following rec
ommendation: •
I We. the Jury, find that th» aforesaid com
pany should have exercised more precautions
for tho safety of the men employed in such
dangerous work, and that some person should
be in constant attendance upon this -work in
order to assure the keeping of the jackscrews
constantly In plumb.
Feter Rowan Inquest.
Is almost constantly Irritated by wind
and mineral-laden dust; inflammation,
redness, Itching and burning, followed by
granulated eyelids, are the results.
MURINE EYE REMEDY gives quick re
lief. Doesn't smart; soothes eye pain;
makes weak eyes strong. Your druggist
or optician sells Murine at 50 cents. *
The San Francisco Eye
Third divfslon — Marshal. Ed Kenny; chanter.
Hev. Fa'.her CJincy. O. P.; Immaculate Con
"ception hodslity; Rcsarianp — Miss Julia CofTey.
president: Rosarians in five companies of. ten
or more.* The following members of the Touns
Mr.? Holy Name Society will carry the ban
»ers of th» Glorious Mysteries: First, George
Seccn<J 'diviBlct.* — Mprshal. James McManus;
charter.* A. Panzini: banner, first Sorrowful
Mystery: banner, second Sorrowful Mystery;
Vianner,»?odaJity of the Holy Xame. P. J. Me-
Erlane: t? c «sol-b«>arrrs to Holy Xame. T. Con
rjflly * an.i J. McErlane; iranner. third Sor-
Towfut Mystery: Sodality of the Holy Name of
Jr^us — J. B. Mclntyre, pre*Hent; banner,
fourth Sorrowful Mystery; banner, fifth Sor
rowful Mystery.
Following is the order of the proces
sion to take place before the mass:
'"Jrarxl ir.arsh&l. J. B. Mclntyre; aids to
prand marshal — John Boherty. William F. Sny
der. John Welsh. E. J. Dollars. Hurh McG!n
r.ls, T. E. McGinnis, D. A. White. Chester
*>ogh. n. P Olsrn.
F"ir«t civifinn — Marrhai. James I>wis: cross
t^Hrer. E. McKenca; acolytes. Jnmes McKcnna
m.i.1 A. Oleon; St. Dominic's Military Band;
rosary bat:ner. A McKenna; Touni? Men's Holy
.rCfcrne Foc;?ty — Albion White, Pn?s-l(!»nt; chant
er. Father Welch. O. P.; St. Dominic's Junior
•Choir: Funday-srhool girls; banner, first Joyful
Mystery. Matthew AFhe: St. Dominic's bar.ner
boys: buys, P. J. McKeon; the
*quin.«s Society: banner. Fecond Joyful Mys
iery, il. Farrf.ll : banner, third Joyful Myf=te*ry.
i^itrick Ash<": banner, fourth Joyful Mystery,
Patrick' Rourke; banner, fifth Joyful Mystery,
Frank Rhodes.
ORDER OF PROCESSION.
For' the sequence, "O Salntaris" (Stewart);
solo by M/ss Ella V. McCloskey; harx>. Mne.
i-'arquardt; . violoncello, M. T. Mansfeldt;
Car«tr Frank*' eta in A key.
The superb choir, under the direction
of Dr. H. J. Stewart, will render an ex
cellent proprarame of sacred music.
Caeiar Frank's renowned mass in A will
be xuug by the choir for the first time
in this cjty- The choir will be composed
of the following soloists:
MiFs C. Frar.ek. Misa E. V. McClosky. T. C.
Elliott. C. B. Stone. Choru6 — Mrs. \\*. Jen
k'.r.f* M'.ss rlorer.ee Darby, Mrs. R. M. Steele.
MIfs Bowcn,* M. C. Cohn. Mrs. D. Cohn, Miss
Alice Murray. Miss Alice Teelev. Miss Ho!ll
dc>. Mies Boll!a.t. Miss Ptone. Miss Marr.Vk.
Silss Ra<5 . maker. Mrs. Tharley. Arthur Mess
mer. M. Stokes, TV. Jerkin*. Charles Hilders
ley, H. Vri!liarr,«>on, R. Uarrack and M. Reilly.
The following programme will be ren
dered by the choir:
Vhe services at St. Dominic's Church
%rtJ' be on a most elaborate scale. A spe
cial cl.zlr has been secured for the occa-
Eion and tne music will be the finest that
has lx»en renderc*. in any house of wor
ship ir thisfclty for a long time. The
decc,-«tions of the large church are to be
6 notable feature of the feast.
The dc votlor.s will begin at the 11 o'clock
xr»o«=s. Tho mass is to be celebrated by
Rev. J. C. Rourke. O. P.. assisted by
Jip.v. Father Newell and Rev. Father
Clynt- as deacon and sub-deacon. Rev.
Father J B. O'Connor. O. P., will preach
the s-rmon.of the day. Immediately be-
Yore the, mass roses will be blessed and
distribute-!.
. In Rome and the other large cities of
Europe the Feast of the Roses will be ob
e'erved with great devotion. All the cath
edrals are beautifully decorated for the
occasion, and priests and Bishops, Car
dir.r. v. and laymen, join in the processions
¦to the churches, singing psalms and re
citing tne rosary. ¦
ELABORATE SERVICES.
The Fe<iSt of tue Roses, an occasion al
waj-3^ celebrated with great pomp and
cpler/Jor by Catholic churches through
out the world, is to be fittingly observed
by tho .Dominican Fathers of this city to
nion'ow. • The sacred edifice at Bush and
Eteir.cr streets will be specially decorated
vclth the most beautiful flowers, and
scenes of profound piety and devotion
Till taark the festival.
The Feast of the Roses dates back as
far as th" year 1371. It was then that the
T-irks were sweeping all before them and
Europe was in grave danger of falling
entirely Into their hands. On October 7.
1T7 1 , .the "Christian fleet, under the com
ir.cnd of King John of Austria, routed the
Turks and urove them back to their own
Itnd. ;• . '
It way at the famous battle of Lepanto
thru a number of pious people gathered
together and solemnly recited' the rosary.
T^ey preyed God to deliver the Christian
forces frcm their Turkish enemies. And
Cnplly, according to tradition, their
prayers were answered, for shortly after
111* Tu'ks were forced to retreat, and
ever Einc e that time Catholics in every
part Qf the world celebrate the Feast of
the iioses each year, and the day is set
apart ajs one of thanksgiving for the de
liverance cf the Christians from their
cr.crnics. ¦
The strife between the telephone com
pany and its linemen had its .inception in
the walkout which was made by the em
ployes in Los Angeles on May 4. All of
the other local unions of electrical work,
ers In ev^ry city which Is embraced by
the eystem of the telephone company
then took up the cause of the strikers in
the southern city. A demand was* made
that the uniform wage of {3 50 a day for
all Journeymen linemen should be paid
by the company and that the union
should be recognized. Upon the refusal
of tho" directors of the corporation to ac
cede to these demands a general strike
of all the linemen in the coast States,
At the headquarters of the union last
night It was not admitted that any move
ment toward bringing the strike to an
end had been made. The members of the
union declared complete Ignorance of the
mission which had brought their national
officers out to a conference with Sabin.
They said that whatever action may be
determined upon will be discussed at a
special meeting of the union to-night.
HOW THE STRIKE BEGAN.
The conference lasted more than two
hours. At its finish the representatives
of the striking employes would make no
statements concerning the results of tho
session, but Sabin stated that its object
was to talk over the situation with a view
to coming to an amicable agreement upon
the mooted questions and that the results
were satisfactory to himself and the com
pany of which he Is the head. It is un
derstood that the linemen will return to
work on Monday.
"We will have another meeting to-mor
row morning," said President Sabin,
"when I expect that all disputed ques
tions will be settled and that the strike
will be at an end. The national officers
who have been in conference with me
are free to admit that the strike had not
sufficient merit of provocation and that it
has been their desire ever since they took
office to bring the labor trouble to an
end."
It Is said that by this evening the strike
of the linemen employed by th© Pacific
States Telephone and Telegraph Com
pany, which has been in force over the en
tire system of the company since June 23,
will be at an end. After a conference be
tween President John I. Sabin of the cor
poration and three national officers of the
Electrical "Workers' Union held yesterday
afternoon, Sabin announced that th©
strike was virtually over and that a
second conference to be held to-day will
clinch matters.
After the election of national officers of
the brotherhood, which was held at the
convention in Salt Lake three weeks ago,
it became evident that the new set of
officials was not strongly in sympathy
with the strike on the coast and that
measures of conciliation would be" insti
tuted by them. To that end the newly
chosen president of the national body, T.
J. McNulty, came to this city a few days
ago, together with J. H. Walters, a mem
ber of the Western conference. These
officers, with Michael J. Sullivan, who is
seventh vice president of the national
brotherhood and is employed in the de
partment of electricity in this city, made
the first steps toward ending the strike
by calling upon President Sabin at his
office yesterday. . ? £?*j£:,
I*0NQ CONTEBENCE HEM).
The answer of the council is a complete
denial of every one of the charges brought
by Costen and Is In addition a relation of
many incidents tending to show that its
action was Justified. According to the
document Costen is a disturber, a man
of ungovernable temper and one who has
ever since his election to the executive
board of the council provoked strife. Ho
is charged with assaulting A. E. Yoell,
a fellow member, and with almost biting
the finger oft J. J. Swanson, delegate to
the council. Tho answer also charges
Costen with acting improperly at nearly
every meeting of the body he attended and
with threatening to "use his influence"
to disrupt the body unless he was given
the position of manager of the new head
quarters of the council. He was suspend
ed last January because of these alleged
acts of Insubordination. Since then, it
is averred, he has been communicated
with several times and requested to "ap
pear before the council to make proper
protest against his suspension, but has
failed to accept the chance to prove him
self worthy of membership.
Henry Costen's ambition to become
manager of the new Market-street head
quarters of the Building Trades Council
is, acordlng to a legal document filed yes
terday by the council, one of the causes
of tho row between the council and the
Cornice Workers' Union, of which Cos
ten is secretary.
The document Is an answer to Costen's
suit for a writ of mandate compelling the
council to restore him as representative
of the ccr'nlce workers to membership In
the council. The suit was brought on the
ground that Costen was expelled without
a chance to defend himself and contrary
to the by-laws and regulations of the
council. . V - ' .
National Officers of Brother
hood in Conference With
President Sabin.
Answers His Suit by Accus
ing Him of Being a
Disturber.
Procession and Sweet Music
Will Be Features of the
Sacred Occasion.
Dominican Fathers Pre
pare for the Holy
Event.
Building Trades Council
Says They Are Cause
of Trouble.
Strike of the Telephone
Employes Is About
Ended.
FEAST OF ROSES
TO BE OBSERVED
LINEMEN WILL
RETURN TO WOHK
HARRY COSTEN
HAS AMBITIONS
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY,' OCTOBER 3, 1903.
Great French Tragedy Will Be Presented at the University
To-Day With Clever Grace Llewellyn Jones as,, the
Athenian King's Wife ancl Student Company as Support
RACINE'S "PHEDRE " TO HOLD
BOARDS AT GREEK THEATER
CALIFORNIA CO-ED "WHO WILL
APPEAR IN THE TITLE ROLE OF
"PHEDRE" THIS AFTERNOON.
14
...SPECIAL...
Saturday and Monday s
19 lbs Dry Granulated Suiar. . ..51 00
50 lbs Good White Floor. , ; . $K05
75 Ib Sack Rolled Wheat .... V. $1,90
3 Pkgs Best Mush..... .iJ. % . *-..... 25c
9 Holland Herring '.:'.. *..25v
Largs Salmon Trout, each. {.".*':. Jf 10c
12 Bars Bleaching «bap..^. f ;.. % ;25c
I Ib Good Mixed Tea. . . . .-. ;..„•.;". .25c
I Ib Eest Tea, any Flavor; ; . . . . ' s 45c*
I Ib Good Coffee . ; .'. ~ \ ' \|5 C
I Ib Best Coffee \;, ;7! ; 35c'-
Best Butter, per square' , , . . ".'-. . 1
Give Us a Trial. " . Ord«s&H«no?; . \
156 Nirjth Street.- 1 .' ? •
phone rotfloa 238. •. • :* • ¦
I. - • • -¦ ¦'••••• : . •
Ltiiidstroin . ;¦¦ '¦ ..
Hats ...•••..
Ar» made In San - Francisco.*'
Yo« very nicely didn't knc»w. "*
there was a hat faciory-fn tiie
city. Well, there Is. '. . . '
The factory is' a" eood place. ' •'
to trade, too. We'vfe 'a tra r«r- •
tall store wlth'.th^ factory in. •
a rear biflldlne. Come -In and, ' .•
see It;. watch them making hats.
We've a big line of. the "New-
est Fall Styles at - •• • . .
. $2.50 and $3*.5a : ; . •
OUR OWN BJAKE. .".**• . '. •
Pacific Coast Hat;"-
. Works/' . " : V
"The Big Busy Hal Shoy."*
1458 Harket3treet/' : -' •
Opposite Centrar TkeaUr also
603 Kearny St. *••*..
¦ z ' ' • J *
SHIRT -SJ
ARE THE" BEST I
AT- THE PRICE. I
C.LUETT, PEABODY.& CO. [H
-:: '
For Stomach Disorders *
Cout and Dvsoepsla.
DRINK • '
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
A. VIGN1ES. CO.; Sad Francisco. •
K3 Bw?lffW ungn Jm ~ * tf3 ftfc "Vni
Your Nerves .
Furntsh the motive power.. of tho en- "
tire bodv Df Miles" 'Nervine will
keep the nerve* strongrtind healthu.**
or restore <heirstrength.if weakened.
bold oh runrantee Writ* for free booU on *
oerrous diseases . • * V"
Dn Milks Mkdjcau Co»J EJViarv lad.
SAIiE'S. | HAZE'S.
Girls' Coats and Dresses
__L^g5^> Zibelines and Kersey Coats, $5.00,
*8||p|§f^ $6.75, $7.50.
3r*l$ And Dresses at §1.15, $1.25, $i-5° and
j^^lhE^tik. There's the particular news to-day. Of coarse we
M l|,«9h have other dresses and other coats, but these are so
cxtra we must emphasize them. We touch them be-
/ |Tt\ cause they sound our autumn readiness.
( M0T I L\ The $5.00 Coats are of zibeline and kersey, long
\^^^^e 7 1/ l" 1^* 13 and double breasted, with turn-down collar.
//j j 1/ Some of them have capes over the shoulders.
I II W $6.75 Coats are in zibelines and kerseys; made to!
¦/$§>* ' ' A button double: trimmed with fancy buttons: droop-
/ MTliI ® 9 §4 ln Z shoulder capes; some of them run into a stole
I nW^" n front; flap pockets
I 1 1 '. I The $7-50 Coats have circular shoulder capes, trim
LJI/1 ' \ med with velvet and braid; new sleeves, new cuffs. .
A Fancy Dresses $1.15
— OOBf^ Plaid material with yoke, belt and cuffs made of
Ore- MM Wg| serge to match; fancy reveres over the shoulders, trim-
of- «f «B*t med with fancy white braid.
jtj,/-., \\ I \ I $1.25 girl's dress, check material, fancy reveres run-
w .TTr H'X \T\ nlng over the shoulders, round yoke trimmed with
3r fl M cs^-X cashmere and braid.
•S* ,m *^^*» 51-60 dresses and $1.73. strip© or check material, large
var'Vr ' reveres and sleeves; some with velvet trimming, ethers
* with shiny brass buttons.
Veiling Styles The Best Ribbon News
; 25c and 50c yard. of the Day
Tuxedos and gray mixed effects Here are two wanted ribbons.
rp ., . H . Stuffed /Dates 10c
1 Olid neipS * Popular at luncheons. Fixed in the
Witch Hazel, 16-oz bottle, 25c. most tempting way. The seeds 3.::
This is an extra quality, distilled, removed and the dates are stuffed
It is now regarded as a household ne- with the choicest chopped nuts. Large
cessity. boxes. '
Almond Soap, 10c bar, 3 for 25c. ,-» ~Z~.
v Pure; leaves the skin clean, smooth HOpCOm Cl*lSpS, 3 for 10c
and soft. - Th e finest of .crisp, flaky corn: the
Vln1f»tt« Snnn "yCi* >«v»- -, ~^u~l hard kernels sifted out: with Just
vioiette boap, IOC box 3 cakes, enough honey to hold It together. Wrap-
Fertumed with that delicate but last- ped in oiled papes to prevent soiling the
ing odor. hands. Recularly 5c each.
Whisk Brooms, 10c; extra good « u t ' j i •,_ r i» ' ,
quality. We bought an extra lot and Her Lad y shl P Lorsef makes
so we can sell them extra cheap a poor figure charming and a
TinSIy T71«« charming figure perfection.
Men s Linen : i '
Handkerchiefs 12^c $&J5£J&F «,
Plain white ones; hemstitched and 4£*&f (M& 4$^ !-^^^
full size, wth half-inch hem, such a3 Jy jg^^^
we usually sell at 20c, or 3 for 50c. y^*.^t^QOQo GQOZ*&*y*^
We put them out to-day for ihe first '¦. ~~^
time— 12HC Market Street. Near Sixth
"^^ADVEBTISEMENTS.
T)lDp f\ 1\T t NEW, FALL
I\1DDI/1 l4?t STYLES.
ALL FALL RIBBON NOVELTIES TIED FREE OF CHARGE.
Special Showing of Ribbons for Milliners, Dressmakers and
Fancy Workers at Very Low Prices.
15c per yard. 5c per yard. ' 20c per yard.
4 4- 4 + -? +
I S A T I rr TAFFETA I FANCY RIBBON. 3 j f PILLOW IUBBONS, ]
RIBBON. Very de- ,_„,,«_ „,.,,<.. inu. graduated colors, 4%
eirable for millinery. lnche8 wlde : 12^c f nche8 W | de ; SOc qual-
i Reg. 25c quality. 1 quality. J { ity. |
Enormous Bargains in Hosiery,
25c I2j^c 15c
-? f 4 ' + -? x
FANCY STRIPED CHILDREN'S B I - WOMEN'S HIGH-
HOSE. Beautiful pat. CYCLE RIBBED JH 1^™ B £ A ?? C
terns to select from. HOSE. Double heel. Sttrai to ?h£n
Reg. SOc quality. toe and knee. from. Reg. 25c quality^
Knit Underwear;
19c. 75c. $1.00.
IBALB RIO O A N| SUPERIOR QUAL-T | IMPORTED STVISsT
VESTS. Long sleeve.; h I TE RIBBED RIBBED WOOL
I 28o quality. j a VESTS or PANTS. -J | VESTS, In all colors. • j
Leather Goods—Very Low. |
AUTOMOBILE BAGS In Fine Morocco and Walrus; fitted with change purs* to
match. All colors; many exclusive novelties to select from. Yours at the popular
prices of --; , V- .
| 50c, 75c, 98c. $1.20. $1.45, $1.75, $2.00 and UpwardsTj
Low-Price Surprises in Corsets.
CJ nA PRICE PLACED UPON our I fir] RA PRICE PLACED UPON oar
Ol«l/VJ $1.25 CORSET. I gl«OU $1.75 CORSET. /- ' VV
<fc I Q^ PRICE PLACED UPON our I <CQ HlY PRICE PLACED UPON our
«PI»^O ji.oo CORSET. I O — •\J\J $2.50 CORSET.
These Corsets are High Class Corsets; New Models; Latest Straight Front IdeasJ
GREATEST OF ALL VEILING SALES.
' DOUBLE VALUZ IN EACH ITEM.
I Q 0 I MESH DRAPE VEILS— AllT' Q C A [ CHIFFON DRAPE VEILS— t
Jli popular shades; 35c qual- JJL 1%' yards lonar : latest Fall
•' - w .;llty. _l w ww 1 colorings: SOc quality. j
Movelty Lace Collars.
HEAVY. RICH POINT VENISE LACE; extra LARGE SIZE; CAPE OR STOLE
EFFECT: WHITE. BUTTER AND ARABIAN.
-f- — ' — ¦ — : — — - — > : ¦-? — ; — I
I 91.50 for our $2.00 quality. i I f2J25.for our $3.00 quality. |
'I 92.OO for our $2.50 quality. : I I" $2.75 for our $3.25 quality
¦fr- — ........ , .... - ..•,. .. — ? -f ¦ ; : — — : f
SEND FOR OUR FALL AND WINTER CATALOG.
GREEN TRADING STAMPS GIVEN WITH EVERY PURCHASE.
IVS A UK Q RUCK 1220-22-24 MARKETiSTRHT
ITI f4l\l\V DltUv* Between Taylor and Jdnes.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
r
¦ :^ ua& 4tSBK
. *J50 to* 25P
: . • ..." Men who want to change from the conven-
• . .tional and yet derhand something nobby have
. taken up with these Cowboy Hats. It % is a good,
•: .• 'substantial, well-shaped Hat. The color is tan -|
• . _ * and the price anything you want to pay between
$1.50 and $2.50, with 25c added forUhe wide
leather band and large buckle.
€ . Drop in to-day and take a look. If you don't
happen to like this style we have hundreds of
others to choose |rom.
X028-1030 Market St., X157-X159 Washington St.,
" ¦ Sqn Francisco. Oakland.