GERMAN KAISER UNDERGOES
OPERATION FOR REMOVAL OF
A GROWTH ON THE LARYNX
VtEW YORK, Nov. 8.— Dr.
jf \ Peter J. Gibbons, the well
known throat specialist of
this city, when shown the cable
dispatches telling: of the opera
tion on the - Kaiser, ' said ¦ to
night: "A polypus is a small
tumor which may occur on any
mucous membrane, most fre
quently ¦ in the nasal cavities.
: In substance ; it is soft, spongy
and gelatinous, resembling the
structure and formation of an
oyster. As 1 to its being consid
ered innocent, no growth or sore
in the throat can be regarded as
such, for the most benign or in
nocent growths niay become the
most malignant and cancerous
nature in time. This is true
especially in that part of > the
throat where the growth was
found.
"If this growth is as simple
as ascribed by the surgeons,
time only will prove if it is ma
lignant. •¦ - It will assert "itself
within eighteen ! months. While
a polypus; speaking generally,
should ;' not of itself cause any
great^ alarm," yet in\ the case of
the\German Emperor, -when his
family"' history is \into
consideration, there is j cause for
some apprehensibn. If you re
member,? in .the case ) of Presi
dent Grant/; the ; growth . vtm at
first considered - of a harmless
nature,- but^it • turned^ out later
-toibe a cancer.
"I infer • from the \ cable} dis
patches 'that the surgeons in* at-^
tendance* are suspicious that the
rgrowth'is'or will ; become malig-,
nantjifor they have taken every
precaution _ to ascertain ¦ its ; ex
act nature.'-' v :
Kaiser's Ailment
May Be Serious,
Says Dr. Gibbons
Continued on Page 2, Column 1.
"His Majesty to-day underwent an oper
ation for the removal of a polypus from
his larynx. The operation was performed
by Professor Morits Schmidt ' and\ was
most successful. His Majesty la only ea-
The following is an authorized accounjt
of the operation as given to the North!
German Gazette:
fessor Moritz • Schmidt, . and
was entirely successful The only, incon
venience suffered by the Emperor Is that
he has been enjoined not to speak until
the wound caused by the operation has
healed. The bulletins announcing the re
sult of the operation caused much excite
ment, even among court officials, who had
no suspicion that the Emperor was suffer
ing from any affection of the throat "The
Emperor himself appears not to ' have
known of the growth in his larynx until
a few days ago and to have suffered no
discomfort from it.
fj EBXIN, Not. 8.— Emperor Wll-
B Ilam xmderwent on operation
for the removal of a polypus
B /J from Ms larynx. The opera-
Uon was performed ¦ by Pro-
The ? surgeons • expect ; Emperor William
.will • be; "out 'of doors in' alweeki He has
arranged ' a 11 hunting . trip for . November. 27/
The growth in: the larynx at once sug
gested that the Emperor might be suffer
ing ; from •some thing worse than 'e.: simple
polypus,^ but' Professors von Lenthold, II
; berg,: Schmidt and Orth supplemented the
bulletins in replying to inquirers by ithe
most ' personal declarations that the - af
fection, was merely a ''good-natured poly
pus, which is not likely , to return of to" bo
followed : by any evil effects." > ': •'¦.';
low at noon to-day, and afterward took
luncheon with the Empresa and the Count
in his bedroom. Count von Bulow found
the; Emperor as chatty and animated as
usual.; The Emperor wore a dressing
gown instead of a coat. He took liquid
foods and did not -indulge in the: courses
; served. His general health has never been
better. £ He has not felt the ear affection
which troubled him for '¦years, arid has
quite. outgrown the nervous' trouble tHat
.formerly impelled him to! incessant phys
ical activity. It is said that the Emperor
will continue to receive visitors on official
business.
Berlin Excited Over
News of Ruler's
Ailment.
"The ; Emperor yesterday -.went for a
walk. No guests were invited to luncheon
or dinner, yesterday, butt Count l von-Bu
low, the Imperial Chancellor. 'will ; be the
Emperor's guest at) luncheon* to-dayl" •
- The -Emperor .' received - Count : von^ Bu
GENEBAIr HEALTH IS- GOOD.
The court circular made the following
announcement: . . -
The North German Gazette also pub
lishes the report of Professor Johannes
Orth, the famous cancer specialist who
succeeded the late Professor Vlrchow in
the chair of pathological anatomy In the
University of Berlin. Professor Orth made
a microscopical examination, which shows
that the polypus consisted of a very soft
connective tissue,' containing very few
cells. This tissue was covered all overby
a scaly epithelium, sharply^ defined \ from
the tissue. A portion of the connective tis
sue cells contained fine brown, plgmented
granules, which evidently were the result
of former slight hemorrhages. ' : The
polypus also contained a number of thin
walled corpuscles.
"It is therefore." says Professor^ Orth,
"only a. question of a benign • connective'
tissue polypus." .- •. " ' •
joined not to speak until the • wound
caused by the operation Is Healed.
"VON LENTHOLD,
PBOFESSOR OBTH'S BEPOB.T. "„.
Surgeons Declare the
Patient Is in No
ONE OF THE LATEST PHOTOGRAPHS OF THE KAISER AND KAISERIN OF THE FATHERLAND. MUCH CON
CERN HAS BEEN CAUSED THROUGHOUT THE GERMAN EMPIRE BY THE . UNEXPECTED ANNOUNCE
MENT. THAT WILHELM HAS JUST UNDERGONE A SURGICAL OPERATION. .
Continued on Pag-o 2 t Ccluma 5,
¦ LONDON. Nov.' 8.— Discredited rumors
of ?; the i forthcoming ; abdication ; of : King
Peter _of Servla," and of ; unsuccessful at
tempts ? to i insure ¦: his ' life, ! have | been : in
circulation'^ or, some days. * 3n'authorlta»
tiveldeniali of ' this " was "received "from
Belgrade ' t "-" l T M ' : JM^ikl'JIHffHfffliFffll
Sensational Rumors Denied.
The Nelson encountered the full fury
of the gale on Thursday- morning off
Heceta • Head, .200 miles down . the coast.
The steamer labored heavily in the great
seas which were running, and all efforts
id: keep her ; on an even keel proved fu
tile. The deckload began - working, and
Boon the' stanchions ' that held it in place
gave ,way. .; The tearing out" of "the stan
chions ; opened > up ¦ the - seams In the
STEAMSHIP IN A GA^LE. ~~
The Nelson left [ Astoria November S
for San Francisco, with a cargo of 726,
000^ feet of, lumber loaded , at Westport.
While there is no local record that would
bear out 'the statement, it is reported
that the steamer carried, all told, thirty
six persons, some of whom must have
been passengers. She . had a full deck
load of lumber and her hold was like
wise filled. To ¦ the . first , officer of the
Sea Rover, the rescued mariners toM the
story cf the disaster to. the steamer and
their narrow - escape ' from a terrible
death at seal
The Nelson succumbed to the fury of
the gale which raged along the coast for
the 'past week, and Is so badly water
logged that there is little probability of
her. ever being . saved. The . passengers
and crew, after tossing about on the
ocean for thirty-six hours, were rescued
In an" exhausted condition yesterday
morning by the tug Sea ; Rover, on her
way from San Francisco to Astoria. The
Sea" Rover reached iport to-day.
schooner Aurelia, ' while the
thirty-six persons who constituted her
passengers and crew are on board the
collier. Titania, en. route for San Fran
cisco.
m STORIA, Or., Nov. 8.— The
" steamer Charles Nelson,
fQ owned in San Francisco, ' is
f^^k being buffeted about on the
4- -«hL Pacific in ! tow of the steam
Despite the trying experience of the
Nelson's passengers and crew all wert
The Sea Rover proceeded on her way
to Astoria, and at noon sighted the steam
schooner Aurelia, from Astoria for Mon
terey. The Aurelia had the derelict of
the Nelson in tow. The towllne was a
small one and the Aurelia seemed to be
experiencing great difficulty in making
any headway. Only the tops of the
houses of the Nelson and the point of
her bow were in sight. It is believed
that the . Aurelia will be compelled to
abandon the hulk.
Saturday morning about 8 o'clock the
tug Sea Rover came in view, and. sight
ing the boats, proceeded to them imme
diately and picked them up. At 10
o'clock the Sea Rover sighted the collier
Titania. bound from British Columbia
for San Francisco, and the thirty-six
persons were transferred to the collier.
By noon she was rolling in the trough
of the sea, and two hours later the cap
tain ordered the two boats lowered. Into
these the passengers were placed, the
crew remaining aboard the steamer. By
night, however, the predicament of the
Nelson was so dangerous that the crew
Joined the passengers In the boats and
abandoned the steamer.
Then followed thirty-six hours of suf
fering and anxiety for the hapless mari
ners. The weather was bitterly cold and
the party suffered great hardship. Dawn
broke Friday morning and filled the un
fortunates with hope, but no sail ap
peared on the horizon. Friday night was
a severe one for the party, many of
whom were almost exhausted from the
long suffering they had experienced.
TUG SIGHTS BOATS.
steamer's deck, and the heavy seas
which swept her fore and aft filled her
with water.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Passengers and Crew Take to the Boats
When the Vessel Is in Peril.
WELL-KNOWN COASTER WHICH BECAME WATER-LOGGED TWO
HUNDRED MILES DOWN THE COAST FROM ASTORIA AND FROM
WHICH PASSENQERS AND CREW ESCAPED IN THE BOATS.
All sorts and conditions of men pre
sented themselves. Among the callers
were i four women. One 4 was . a . pretty
blonde Swedish girl, but .her ear wasnot
the j right size. : Another, - with a. Roman
nose and whose appearance indicated bet
ter days,' said that when a member : of a
theatrical chorus she had lost her ear for
music and was willing to part with the
other. .•'•'*.
One man had a. story of a fortune lost
In street and a family f suffering for
necessities. ; Next "came - a • man; who was
deaf In his right ear and he explained
that he did not care if his personal ap
pearance were ruined."; V V
As' the day wore on the , market , price
arose.' A man presented himself who pos
sessed a right ear .which he was willing to
part with ¦ for $8000. ; About 5 ; o'clock the
market for perfect - right ears went to
$10,000," being; bulled to that point by a
dapper '; looking - man who had ; an Inven
tion to exploit : ' , .
On Friday 'Dr. Nelden will; begin '. the
operation on one of the two men selected.
The head of the purchaser , will he closely
bound ,, to ' the head . of i the - seller . of • the
right ear.-* One-half of the - ear •' will first
be separated from the seller and knit to Its
proper .place on the head of the . buyer.
After Ja ; few days the other; half will be
treated in : a ' like manner/ The '.two * men
involved ; in \ the . operation will ; have to lie
bni an -especially, : constructed cot -about
two weeks. ... .. . ', .'.-:-• >• . •¦«.;
NEW YORK, Nov.. 8.— Dr. A. L. Nelden
was the busiest physician In this city to
day. The sudden growth of his practice
Is due to an advertisement, in which he
offered $5000 for the right ear of a healthy
male or female, the only stipulation being
that the ear should have perfect curves,
a full. loop and be 2\i inches long by IVi
inches wide. Dr. Nelden desires to graft
this sort of an ear to the side of the head
of a friend who lost an ear in a fight with
a grizzly bear in Colorado.
When. the doctor opened his office this
morning he found thirty persons in his
waiting-room and the sidewalk and steps
leading to the house were literally
jammed with men and women who were
willing and anxious to part with their
right ears for a consideration.
In all Dr. Nelden examined more than
300 persons, but of this number two only
were selected as desirable subjects and
one of these will be selected for the opera
tion. ;• . -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Doctor' s Ad vertise
ment Excites
Cupidity.
HUNDREDS
WOULD SELL
THEIR EARS
Panama Will In*
terpose No Ob*
stacles:
Whether the' President will deem it nec
essary to make recommendations to both
houses for > legislation to enable him to
negotiate with the Isthmian republic will
depend upon the advice he receives from
Republican leaders.' The present opinion
of administration authorities is that no ad
ditional legislation will be required, the
Spooner act authorizing. the President to
negotiate with the United States of Co
lombia for. the construction of a Panama
canal by this Government being held to
be equally applicable to the republic of
Panama. It "is known here that the de
facto government of the isthmus is will-
Ing to grant all of the concessions which
Secretary Hay sought vainly to obtain
from Colombia In framing the Hay-Her
ran treaty, recently rejected by the Sen
ate at Bogota, and that the commission
that is to leave the Isthmus on Tuesday
Word was received hero to-day that the
commission of three appointed by the
Panama junta would leave Colon on Tues
day for Washington with instructions to
negotiate v a' canal treaty. 5 From present
indications Secretary Hay will enter Into
an exchange with the commissioners with
out any delay and j thi : . treaty /.probably
will . be ' ready -¦-' fot tnuiarilasl'jn to> the
Senate when the regular session is begun
In December. ' ¦ i
NO LEQISLATION" NECESSABY. f
WASHINGTON, Nov. 8.— Rear Admiral
John G. "Walker, - chairman of the Isth
mian Canal Committee, left Washington
to-day on the United States yacht May
flower for Colon under instructions frAm
the President and Secretary Hey to ob
tain the information -necessary for nego
tiating a canal treaty with the Government
of the republic of Panama. Rear ~ Ad
miral Walker will return to Washington
as soon as possible and will make, a re
port in the nature of a supplement to the
extensive . report of the . Isthmian - Canal
Commission.
The Mayflower also carried Rear Ad
miral J. B. Coghlan, who Is to take com
mand of the naval forces on the east side
of the isthmus, and H. A. Gudger, United
States Consul General at Panama, who
bears instructions for his guidance in
conducting. relations with the new repub
lic. . . : . . i '.'/rliJ,' ? i - ;¦ V.--.: ; r V;V
Special Dispatch to The Call
Canal Treaty to
Be Negotiated
Promptly.
STEAMER CHARLES NELSON
SUFFERS DISASTER AT SEA,
BUT ALL ABOARD ARE SAVED
Nov. 8. — A cablegram has been received 'here from General Reyes, containing the information that he has been appointed by the Government of Colombia as peace com-
Jl missioner, with the duty of making arrangements with the Government oMhe Republic of Panama to the end that national honor may be saved. Everything in Panama was quiet
to-day, but the circulation of the news of the appointment of General Reyes resulted in enthusiastic celebration, not only because the General has many friends here, but for the reason
that his mission is looked upon as assuring the independence of the isthmian territory. The steamships Manavi and Quito have been detained at Buena Ventura by the Colombian
Government The United States cruiser Boston was to have sailed to-night for the purpose of protecting British interests, but it is believed that the news of the appointment of General
COLOMBIA WILL MOT FIGHT TO RETAIN PANAMA
. .THE WXATEXXC.
. Forecast m»a» at SaafJPnux
eisoo for . thirty hours eadlar
m Id sight. XToTcmbcsllJ /
Ban rraaciaop 'aafi ylclatty—
rail Monday, heoomfcajr cloudy
at nl*r:it;.lisrht_ northerly winds,
<iTi angi n gto r »outh»«t«rly. -
A. O. McADHJ,
District ror*oast«.
\\ , THE THIATEBS.
. AinnTBT The Private Secre
tary."
Calif ornia — Bermann t&« Great.
Central — "TJacle Tcm'i Cabin."
Columbia — "Tli* Storks."
rischer'*— "Bnlsea aad Eoiea."
Orpftwrm VandyylH*.
Tlio Clmtea— Vaudeville.
Tivoli — Grand Opera. '
The San Francisco Call
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1903.
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 162.UOQUIAM, Wash., Nov. 8.— The schoon
er C.** A. Thayer from Honolulu wen t
ashore on^ the ocean beach north of
Grays Harbor during . a fog . last night.
All the members of the crew escaped. It
is expected that the Thayer can be saved,
as she foundered on a sandy beach and
is in a good position for removal. The
Thayer is commanded by Captain Munsen
and Is owned, by C. K.. Woods of Hono
lulu. She was built in - Washington In
1890 and her. capacity is 300 tons.
Vessel C A. Thayer From Honolulu
Ashore at Grays Harbor.
SCHOONER ON A BEACH.
well when the Sea Rover picked them up,
but showed the effects of their hardship.
The Titania should arrive at San Fran
cisco to-morrow.
The Nelson's deckload appears, from
the statements of the rescued crew, to
have been responsible for the loss of the
vessel. The stanchions soon pulled out
after the vessel ran into the storm and
the deck was torn up in places. The seas
which swept over the steamer soon filled
her and'rendered her helpless. •; ..
All the vessels arriving yesterday and
to-day report . extremely heavy weather
off the coast, and it is believed further
maritime mishaps have occurred.
CREW WORKS HEROICALLY.
Speaking of the abandonment of the
Nelson, one of the officers of the Sea
Rover said:
"I am convinced that the loss of tho
Nelson can be attributed solely to the
Immense deckload which she carried. A
terrific gale was blowing and the sea3
were running as I have never seen them
before, and I have traveled up and down
this coast for many years. In such a
storm it Is almost impossible to prevent
a deckload such as the Nelson carried
from 'working,' as mariners call It, and
the Nelson's load proved to be no excep
tion to the rule. Her crew worked heroic
ally, but with such a eea on it was im
possible to prevent the load from slipping,
and first one stanchion was torn out and
then another.
"The deck seams opened and the water
poured Into her hold, washing about be
tween decks and rendering the steamer
all the more difficult to handle In a boil
ing sea. She was becoming water-logged
rapidly and finally the commander of the
Nelson gathered his passengers and the
crew about him and told them to prepare
to take to the boats. The calm demeanor
of the captain instilled, hope and con
fidence in the passengers and crew and
the preparations for abandoning the ves
sel were carried on coolly iand systematic-,
ally, with the result that when ' every
thing was ready, the passengers were' first
placed in the boats and the crew followed.'
The boats 'were cut loose from the
steamer and -the crew manned ! the oars,
keeping^ the boats in Uhe track of coast-
Ing vessels in the hope that they would
be picked up. : . ¦
SUFFERING IN BOATS. V'.-v-V>;
"All .during \ the night the boats were
buffeted about by the sea, the waves
breaking over them and drenching those
ICE CRUSHES
THE MAIL BASS
Letters Are Lost and
Men Have a Nar
row Escape.
TACOMA, Nov. 8.— The first consign
ment of United States mail to leave Daw
son for Nome under the winter contract
met with disaster last week a short dis
tance below Forty Mile. Two carriers em
ployed by Contractor Downing were
forced to leave the mail In their boat
when it was crushed in the grinding Ice
jam. - They made their escape through
and across the mass of jamming Ice at
the risk of their lives.
The mail lost weighed 400 pounds. An
effort is being made to recover it, it be
ing believed that the jam will break be
fore the river freezes solid. Up to last
Friday the Ice jam remained solid, caus
ing the river to freeze some distance
above it.
A Chinook wind blew last week at Daw
son, giving the Klondike a springlike ap
pearance. Yukon navigation has probably
closed during- the last twenty-four hours.
The steamer La France reached Big
Salmon Friday and was expected to ar
rive at White Horse yesterday. This left
only two or three scows afloat on the up
per Yukon River bound for Dawson. 1 The
steamers have gone into winter quarters.
The prices of staples were advanced at
Dawson last' week. Sugar and rolled oats
are 10 cents a pound. Hay and oats are
stiff. . Canned goods have advanced $1 50
per case. ,
Sing Peter Wants Modern Army.
BELGRADE, Nov. 8.— The Government
is making efforts to secure a loan of $20,
000,000, to be used principally for the mod
ern equipment of the array.
in them. It was a frightful night and the
sufferings of the shipwrecked persons
were terrible. The storm did not decrease
during the night and daybreak found the
boats, which had kept closely together all
night, out of sight of land and not a ves
sel to be seen. All during Friday and
during the night the unfortunates kept
watch for a friendly sail or the smoke of
a steamer, but not one appeared to raise
the hopes of the party. Hope was rapidly
deserting them when we sighted the boats
and bore down .upon them. It was with
great difficulty that we got them aboard
our vessel. Not long after the Titania
was sighted, and the passengers, who
numbered nine, and the Nelson's crew,
were transferred to her and taken to San
Francisco." .
The steamer Charles W. Nelson was
built at the yards of Hay & Wright in
Alameda, CaL, in 1893, and was christened
in honor of her owner. She was a stanch
schooner-tigged craft of 1057 tons gross
and 802 tons net register. Her dimen
sions were: Length, 196 feet; beam, 37.8
feet; depth of hold 12.8 feet. She was
built for the coasting trade and since
completion had run on nearly every route
from. San Francisco north and had also
made a number of trips to Alaska. On
her last inward voyage she brought a
general cargo from San Francisco to
Frank Woolsey & Co. and loaded back
with lumber from Westport. She had
been engaged to tow the bark Two
Brothers to San Francisco, but the crew
of ¦ the latter vessel refused to go down
with her and she crossed out without the
sailer at noon November 6.
PORTLAND. Or., Nov. 8.— Frank Wool
sey & Co., steamship agents of this city,
hooked the Nelson's passengers here.
The list follows: R. O:.Irwin. E. Sandvlg,
J. C. Bollenger, J. R. Wilson, O. B.
Marsh, F. N. Williams, D. Williams, A.
K. Clark and Philip Bradley.
To, Cure . a .Cold "in One \ Day
Take Laxative Bromo Qulnin* . , Tablets. ; All
drurclsu refund the money if It falls to cure.
& yf. Grove's signature is «a «acfcb<jx»:23fc «
ROME, Nov. 8.— The formation of the
new republic oft Panama and its recog
nition by the United States are looked
upon with satisfaction in Italy. , Old dis
putes between Italy and Colombia have
never been settled, as the latter always
succeeded in eluding its obligations to the
Italian Government. 'cj^Bfi&fflfTSB
On one occasion , President . Cleveland
was called upon to act as arbitrator in
these disputes and he 'gave a verdict en
tirely favorable to Italy. The Colombian
Government jind -tba - c 5*°Wb lan Congress,
Rome Government Hastens to Recog
nize New Republic.
SITUATION PLEASES ITALY.
; United States Embassador Meyer, while
visiting Minister of ;Forelgn Affairs • TJt
tonl, had an informal conversation 'with
the Minister on the subject of Panama."
however, refused to accept, the decision,
on the ground that President , Cleveland
had evidently been ill-advised. Italy,
therefore,' has hastened to recognize the
new republic in the hope of contributing
to the establishment of order in Central
America and of hastening- the building of
the Panama canal. . - .-. •? ._~\.\-j;
MADRID, Nov. 8.— Municipal elections
were held throughout the country to-day.
The Republicans triumphed in Barcelona,
Valencia, Saragossa, Seville and the most
important towns in Catalonia. Disorders
occcurred in Barcelona, in which many
persons were wounded by revolver shots.
Republicans Triumph in Spain.
Beyond this be declined to be quoted,
pleading lack of Information about the
situation, but he read eagerly, a number
of press dispatches shown him on the
steamer and commented on the statement
of Secretary Hay and the instructions
cabled to the Minister at Bogota that
"this is very interesting, very."
NEW YORK, Nov. 8.— "Yes, there is a
possibility that the troops may have to
be sent to the isthmus," said Secretary of
War Root, in speaking of the Panama
situation on his arrival from Europe to
day. "There always Is ". a possibility.
That Is what the army is for, but I hard
ly think it will be necessary in this case."
War Secretary Hears of Panama Af
fair on His Return From Europe.
NEWS INTERESTS ROOT.
SAN MATEO. Nov. 8.— It is reported
here that George Buzzycott of the Spring
Valley Water Company was drowned in
the bay the night. before last, near-Ra
venswood. He had. brought W. B. Law
rence and a party across from Dunbar
ton Point In a gasoline launch and on his
return alone the gasoline gave out and
he was seen "by some oyster fishers' to
leave the launch in a email skiff. That
was the last seen of him. A party has
been dragging for the body to-day, .but
has not yet rKurned.7ffiggg|!gg ¦ ; .
Men to Dredge the Bay Near Dun
barton Point for a
Body.
WATER COMPANY EMPLOYE I
PROBABLY WAS' DROWNED
Three Thousand Men Idle.
CHICAGO, Nov. 8.— Two thousand men
laid off by the Illinois Steel Works at
South Chicago Saturday night and 1200
men who were discharged two weeks ago,
and who expected to return to work tp
morrow, have been Informed that there
is no work for them. The officials refuse
to talk about the retrenchment.
Representative Dayton of West VIr-,
fflnla, the second Republican member of
the Naval Affairs Committee, said: /
¦^Recognition of the so-called republic of
Panama does not create a Government
Jo* the purpose of doing business. The
reception of a representative of that Gov
eratuent, whether he is an accredited
Minister or not. does not make a Govern
ment. While the . right of recognition of
de facto Governments -. and : permanent
Governments rests with the President,
when it comes to a matter of doing busi
hees, such as is proposed in the negotia
tion of a canal treaty, the Senate becomes
part of the* recognizing power. If will
exercise this power In the case of Pan
ama whenever a treaty is offered for rat
ification and will inquire about,the.man
ner of the -establishment of this so-called
Government. , ¦ "
Senator Frye. the independent member
of the Committee on Foreign Relations,
not only believes the country should
Ftand by the Government in its present
attitude toward the isthmian situation,
whether right or wrong, but he is firmly
of the opinion that the administration Is
right. He is convinced that the course
of President Roosevelt is the only one to
make an isthmian canal, constructed and
controlled by the United States, a possi
bility within the next decade. Frye was
in favor of a canal by the Nicaragua
route for many years, but now he frank
ly admits that the new knowledge he
gained within the last year has changed
the attitude of the people.
Senator Morgan, chairman of the Inter
oce&nlc Canal Committee, said:
WASHINGTON. Nov. 8— "6upport the
President" was the slogan In Washington
to-day. Senator Jlanna, who has been
the leader in the Senate for Panama in
terests, and who has had more to do with
the selection of the Panama route than
any other man. said to-night:
"Events on the isthmus have made the
building of a canal through Panama in
evitable, if there is to be a canal at all.
We are not grabbing territory. We are
Kmply doing what is our manifest duty.
In this way only can we build a canal
•without having a condition of continuous
warfare along the line of the waterway.
I expect to see the Democrats in the Sen
ate Etacd behind the President I do not
believe the story that Democrats are
considering the opposing of such a treaty
and mncix a bill aa the new conditions
may make necessary."
Members of CongTess Urge Loyalty
to the Administration.
SUPPORT THE PRESIDENT.
PANAMA, Nov. 8.— The British mer
chant steamships Quito and Manavi, one
bound south and the other north, are de
tained at Buena Ventura. The agent of
the Pacific Steam Navigation Company is
unable to say whether they are forcibly
detained. The cable from Buena Ventura
to Malaga Island is broken, and communi
cation, which ia by boat, is very slow.
The cable from Malaga Island to Panama
Is working uninterruptedly.
The British cruiser Amphion is due to
arrive here on Thursday. She will pro
ceed to Buena Ventura to investigate the
detention of the Quito and the Manavi.
The United States cruiser Boston cannot
go, as there is no other American warship
here.
BB.ITISH STEAMERS DETAINED.
Two Vessels Held in. Colombian Port
of Buena Ventura.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Nov. 8.—To-mor
row Is the day set for the walkout of the
coal miners of District' No. 5, but so far
as the mines of Wyoming are concerned
very few men will quit work. There are
only a few j union miners scattered
throughout the State, but even, if 'they
all go out it will not affect the mines in
the least. Efforts were made some time
ago to organize the miners of Wyoming,
but it proved a signal failure.*
Few Will Strike in Wyoming.
General Pompilio Guiterrez, one of the
Colombian leaders who arrived at Colon
just about the time the revolution oc
curred, had orders to execute forty-seven
Nationalists, including Dr. Manuel Ama
dor, who is Minister of Finance of the
new Government; Jose A. Arango, Tomas
Arias and Federlco Boyd, the triumvirs
who are governing the republic; General
Huerta3, Carlos Mendcza, who Is now
Minister of Justice, and Senor Zubieta.
General Guiterrez was made a prisoner
upon arriving at Colon and was sent to
Cartagena with the Colombian troops
which were occupying the city.
The de facto Government has the per
fect confidence of the people and there
is great enthusiasm over the success of
the coup d'etat. The new Congress will
meet next week.
The gunboat Pad ilia, belonging to the
new Government, started from Panama
to-night to search for the Colombian gun
boat Bogota. The United States cruiser
Boston has arrived in Panama.
COLON, Nov. S.— Senor Porflrio s Me
lendez, the newly appointed Governor of
Colon, has received the congratulations of
the communitv.
Guiterrez Had Orders to, Execute the
Leaders in Panama.
SCORES MASKED FOB DEATH.
At Superior 100 men struck, while at
Marshall nearly 200 men are out. . At
Mitchell fifty men employed at the Joe
Mitchell have Joined the strike. This
makes the shut-down practically com
plete and only a few of the small inde
pendent mines will open to-morrow morn
ing.
The action of the miners of the northern
field was a surprise to the operators. Af
ter the conference held In this city in
which practically every demand except
the eight-hour day was granted to the
men, they determined to strike.
DENVER, Nov. 8.— A general strike in
the Northern Colorado coal field was de
clared at Louisville to-day. In all about
1725 men are idle or will be to-morrow
morning. At Louisville BOO men in the
Rex 1, Rex 2 and Hecla voted to go out.
At Lafayette 850 struck on .the Simpson,
fifty on the Garfleld and seventy-five on
the Mitchell. At Erie 400 men struck,
tying up all the mines except the Blue
Ribbon.
Men in Northern Fields Go Out De
spite Concessions Granted.
TTE-TJP ALMOST COMPUETE,
After a brief silence there were loud
cries of "Long live Plus." Then a cho
rus of clear voiced girls sang a hymn to
the Pope. As soon as this hymn was fin
ished another was begun by a chorus of
boy students. Including pupils from the
American college, led by Vice Rector
Murphy of New York.*
The Pope spoke for fifteen minutes. His
concluding words were:
"Times are evil, but the evil can be
cured by prayer." -
His Holiness 'imparted the apostolic
benediction to the ' gathering. Several
persons, including Booth Tarklngton, the
novelist, and Mrs. Tarkington and Mr.
and Mrs. Abel of Baltimore, were then
permitted to kiss his hand.
ROME, Nov. 8.— Pope Pius X this after
noon held another of the receptions begun
by him this autumn that the people .of
Rome might have his blessing. At an
early hour the large court of San Damas
was so full that not another person could
be squeezed in. It, Is, believed that there
were about 20,000 persons in the court and
many were turned away, while Raphael's
loggia was full to overflowing. The ap
pearance of the Pope was made amid
great pomp. Preceded by. guards and
surrounded by the prelates' of the court,
he took his position on the throne under
the clock, facing the entrance. As he
came in a * tremor of emotion was per
ceptible in the vast crowd, the present
generation being unaccustomed to any
public, view of a Pope. His Holiness
was visibly touched and hla eyes filled
with tears.
There is not one mine in this section
that can start up to-morrow with'halfa
crew of miners. All day the Colorado
Fuel arid Iron miners have been swarm
ing into Trinidad, nearly all of them hav
ing pay checks running from $187 down.
The checks were for such amounts that
business men could not cash them and
hence lost thousands of dollars in trade.
All day long the miners have been Join
ing the United Mine "Workers. The* po
lice, who were stationed near the office of
that organization to prevent any possi
bility of a clash between the union and
non-union men, estimated that at least
800 Joined and came out showing their
union cards. The Italians have quit'al
most to a man. They have not Joined the
union to any extent, giving as their rea
son that they were sold out by the labor
organizations on two or three occasions
and they preferred to go out on their own
responsibility on this occasion. They will
stay out, their officers say, until the last,
and when one goes back to work all will
go. All the railroads have laid off train
crews. The Colorado and Southern, San
ta Fe and Denver and Rio Grande have
reduced their crews nearly one-half, It la
said, while the Colorado and Wyoming is
practically out 'of business as a coal road.
So far as can be learned there has been
no disturbance at any of the camps, but
a clash Is feared at Hastings.
TRINIDAD, Colo., Nov. 8.— It is now
evident that the strike of the coal miners
in this, the first district of the Colorado
Fuel and Iron Company, is no small af
fair. In fact. It 13 a strike all out of
proportion to that even hoped for by. the
officers of the United Mine Workers of
America, and ten times greater than ex
pected by the operators. At the meet
ing of superintendents and pit bosses held
in the Colorado Fuel and Iron offices in
Trinidad last Thursday night reports
were made that in no camp would enough
men go out to cause a shutdown.
It is. doubtful if enough men can be
found in the whole district by to-morrow
to work the mines at Primero. At Gray
Creek every miner but one has quit and
that /camp is surrounded by armed
guards. At Bowen* the men are quitting
rapidly. At Tercio the men quit early.
At Starkville, one of the camps reported
as being wholly company men, nearly
every man quit. At Piedmont the new
Rocky Mountain Fuel Company men took
their tools home.
POPE'S BLESSING
ON HIS PEOPLE
Late to-night" Stone made a rambling
statement as to the experience of him
self and Loew during last night. Neither
was physically able to assist the other,
he said, although each thought the other
was dying in great agony. He claims that
the bruises on the bodies of himself and
Loew- are due to "hazing" by their class
mates, but admits that he and Loew had
been recently initiated Into the Phi Psi
Chi fraternity.
BALTIMORE, Md., Nov. 8.— The police
are now investigating the death of Mar
tin Loew, 27 years of age, a student in
the dental department of the University
of Maryland, whose lifeless body was
found to-day in his room at his boarding
house. His roommate, Ephraim Stone, 23
years 'of age, ' was lying unconscious be
side the bed. Loew is from Silesia, Ger
many, and Stone hails from Cape Town,
South Africa. Loew, it is said, has rela
tives in New York City. His body is at
the morgue.
j It is said that the men were initiated
last week Into the Phi Psi Chi, a college
fraternity. From bruises on the bodies
of the two men it would seem that they
had been roughly handled. An Inquest
and post mortem examination will be held
to-morrow. Stone has been removed to
the Maryland University Hospital.
Stanley B. Smith of St. John, N. B.,
president of the fraternity, was arrested
to-night on the technical charge of as
sault. Twenty-five members of the so
ciety have been cited to appear before the
Coroner's jury to testify.
Bead Man. and His Roommate Bear
Marks That Are Evidence
of Brutality of Their
Fellows,
Indications Are That the Men in
All the Camps of the
District Will Walk
Out ,
Armed Guards Now Surround
" Idle Mine at Gray
Creek. ;
President of College Society
Is Placed Under
Arrest.
Operators Alarmed at
Showing Made by-
Miners.
Baltimore Police Inves
tigating Student's
Demise.
It was learned in official circles to-night
that the United States of Colombia has
lodged a protest with the State Depart
ment against the action of the United
States in connection with the events that
have occurred on the Isthmus of Pan
ama. The terms of the protest could not
"be ascertained to-night, but it is known
that strong objection Is made to the at
titude of the United States In general and
against Interpretations made by this
Government of the treaty of 184fi between
the United States of America and the
United States of Colombia. The State
Department has the protest under serious
consideration, but the nature of the re
ply, if any. or the time when it will be
made, is not known. Other than admit
ting that such a document had been filed
in the State Department, the officials
there would say nothing about the mat
ter.
COLOMBIA MAKES PROTEST.
"Very shortly," was the reply. "France
has already indicated unofficially her
willingness to follow the lead of the
United States."
"How soon do you expect to be recog
nized by the other powers?" the Minister
was asked.
"I consider that the republic of Pan
ama to-day is fulfilling all the duties of
a regular government. I am ready to be
gin negotiations to-morrow with the
Washington Government, which already
has extended us practical recognition. I
should say from the present outlook the
conclusion of a satisfactory treaty need
be a matter of but a short time,"
"To the Isthmian Government the canal
is the cornerstone of its future existence.
To the United States its construction is
ffc» great achievement on which the
world waits. Therefore, for the general
good, delay in this matter cannot be per
mitted.
Mr. Varilla was Interviewed to-night
at hi? hotel, whero he has temporarily
established his legation.
'"Ae to my plans." he said, "it is, per
haps, a little premature for me to speak.
I shall call at th* State Department to
morrow and it will depend largely on my
conference with the officials there how
rapidly the canal negotiations can pro
ceed. We wish to go ahead as soon as
possible and to show that we shall not
tolerate the delay and procrastination
with which the Colombian canal negotia
tions dragged along to their final failure.
It is my desire, and that of tbo people of
Panama, that unnecessary red tape and
formality, no far as dignity will permit,
shall be •waived and that we conclude and
sign a treaty with the Washington Gov
ernment at the earliest day possible.
The new Minister's first day in Wash
ington was a busy one. He had a long
conference with Secretary Hay at the lat
t»T's residence. At this time he presented
Ms credentials and the formal reception
&t the State Department •was arranged
for. Secretary Hay and Minister Varilla
?>!«r went over in considerable detail the
necessary steps toward the conclusion of
a nrw treaty, which while following to
nonip extent the Hay-Herran treaty in
many ways will be simpler. As regards
the financial conditions the Washington
Government does not desire any change,
but the provisions of the new treaty re
parding sovereignty over the canal strip
nnd the extent of the United States con
trol will be less complicated and more
positive In statement than is true of the
Hay-Herran Colombian convention.
TELLS OF REPUBLICS HOPES.
Bunau-Varilla will be received by Secre
tary Hay to-morrow morning at the State
•Department, and. duly recognized as the
Minister Plenipotentiary and Envoy Ex
traordinary of the new republic of Pan
ama to the United States. The Secretary
has invltod the new Minister to luncheon
to-morrow. The presentation of Varilla
to the President has Yiot been definitely
arranged yet. but a date probably will be
agreed on to-toiorrow.
When he calls at the State Department
th<=> new Minister will take occasion to
express through the Secretary of State to
the Washington Government the profound
* ensr of gratitude of the new republic for
"all that this country ha? done in prompt
ly extending to It recognition and the oiler
of protection.
HAY TO BECEIVE VARILLA.
Phillinpe Bunau-Varilla, the representa
tive of the isthmian de facto government
to the United States, who arrived here
last night from New York, will act as ad
\1$er of the commission which Is to nego
tiate the canal treaty, a duty that he is
v.-ell able to perform, as he was one of
the engineers of the present unfinished
canal.
The report that the administration has
already been assured that the four islands
called Perico, JCaos, Culebra and Flamen
co, in Panama harbor, will be' ceded to
the United States is not to be doubted in
view of the known willingness of the dc
facto government to grant every conces
sion that will Insure the construction of
the canal.
The new treaty will give to the United
States actual sovereignty over a canal
strip six miles wide, or a lease In per
petuity of that strip, with the right to po
lice it and control Its sanitation.
PBOPOSED TREATY'S TEEMS.
will have full power to accede to the
wishes of this Government.
Continued From Page S Column 4.
Philippe Varilla came to this country a
few years ago In behalf of the sharehold
ers of the Panama Canal Company to ne
gotiate the sale of the rights of that com
pany to the United 'States.
The story of the part Varllla took in
the Dreyfus case is an interesting oneC A
dozen years ago Philippe Varilla set out
on an expedition to Central Africa, Upon
the eve of his departure he received a
letter from Dreyfus; who had been one of
a party of French engineers to explore
the country Varilla intended to visit.
Dreyfus' letter was written with the ob
ject of advising him of the character of
the country and telling him of the best
way to succeed In his mission. . Varllla
kept the letter and filed it away with his
papers. He returned to Paris after Drey
fus had been convicted and sent to Devil's
Island. At an officers' dinner in Paris one
evening a young subaltern came In with
the celebrated bordereau which had been
used as the basis of the evidence to con
vict Dreyfus and the document was
passed around among those present Va
rilla saw the Importance of the document
as a newspaper story and asked to be al
lowed to take it until the following day.
He carried the bordereau to his home and
compared it with the letter he had re
ceived from Dreyfus on the eve of his Af
rican journey. To his great surprise there
was not the least similarity in the chirog
raphy. He carried the two documents to
his brother, the editor of Le Matin, and
the two became convinced that the bor
dereau was a forgery. Editor Varilla
caused a fac simile of the bordereau to
be made, reproduced it in'Le Matin and
asked if there were any of the readers of
the journal who could identify the author
of the document, as it evidently was not
written by Dreyfus. In response to this
appeal a Parisian stock broker appeared
at the office of Le Matin with a number
of letters written by Colonel Esterhazy.
These letters were compared with the
writing of the bordereau and it was shown
beyond question that Esterhazy was the
author.
"Philippe Buneau Varllla and Philippe
Varilla are different persons," said a gen
tleman~who knows Panama's representa
tive at Washington, "and It is the latter
who has been sent to represent the new
republic of Panama at th© national capi
tal."
NEW YORK. Nov. 8.— Philippe Varilla,
the newly appointed diplomatic agent at
Washington of the republic of Panama,
Is well known to many persons in New
York and- Washington as well as In the
Inner political circles of Paris. He is a
Frenchman by birth and was educated at
the famous French military school of St
Cyr, near Paris. At St. Cyr he was a
classmate of- Emile Dreyfus and took a
prominent part in producing evidence in
the defense of that officer at his trial at
Rennes, France. Varilla's brother is the
editor of Le Matin, one of the best known
Parisian journals.
Panama's American Representative
Helped to. Free Dreyfus.
VABJXLA IS WELL KNOWN.
Senator Mitchell of Oregon said:
"I believe the Nicaraguan Canal is su
perior for many reasons, but am such an
earnest advocate of the construction of an
isthmian canal that I would not stand in
the* way of its building simply because it
does not follow the rouu? I want."
Senator Cullom, chairman of the Senate
Committee on Foreign Affairs, said:
"The time is over now for discussion of
the relative merits of canal routes. All
men who really favor a canal will now
unite m support Of the route which the
administration has decided upon."
"Loyal citizens should support the ad
ministration in this step. We should
spare no effort to knit closer our relations
with the South American states. I think
they look to us as their protector from
foreign aggression, but they. do not fully
understand the ties that should bind us
tog-ether— the community of national in
terest." '
DIES AFTER
FRATERNITY
INITIATION
COAL STRIKE
IN COLORADO
IS GROWING
WILL HURRY THE NEW
TREATY FOR Jl CJIHAL
THE SAN FB ANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9. 1903.
COASTWG STEAMER
SUFFERS DISASTER
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
PARIS, Nov. 9.— The Echo de Paris an
nounces that Count Muravieff will suc
ceed Prince Ourousoff as Russian Embas
sador at Paris on the transfer of the lat
ter to Rome as successor to M. Nelldoff.
Russia's EmbassadoT at Paris.
Everything that Is new, good and
moderate-priced in trunks, valises, dress
suit cases and traveling sets now in
stock. All Leather Goods lettered in
gold free of charge. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. •
ROME:, Not. 8.— Peasants, whll© digging
near Palazzolo Acirelde, Sicily, found a
rich treasure of I ancient objects from
Syracuse. The most valuable were an
artistic diadem encrusted with precious
stones and a belt of gold and several rings
of beautiful shapes. There was also found
a number of coins of different values. The
Government authorities took possession
of the treasures on the ground that they
were national property, but they will com
pensate the proprietor of the estate ac
cording to an estimate which will be made
by. experts.
A great outcry has been raised over
the cleaning of the famous statues of
"The Horse Tamers," attributed to Phid
ias, and now standing In front of the
Quirinal Palace. It Is maintained that
not only should the statues not be
touched, buf that they should be housed
In a museum and reproductions raised in
their places.
Peasants Make Valuable
Discovery by an
Accident.
FIND ANCIENT
GEMS IN SICILY
2
AUCTION SALES
LOOK OUT FOR THE\
GREAT
RED RIBBON SPECIAL SUE
"Which "Win Take Place
TUESDAY EVENING, NOVEMBER 17;
Occidental Horse Exchange
246 Third St, Near Folsom.
The finest breed, speediest and handsomest
trotters, pacers and roadsters, double teain'j
and Shetland ponies ever offered. Catalogues
ready. to O. LAYNQ.
Livestock. Auctioneer.
"Watch to-morroWa advertisement.
iTV-^ REGULAR "WEEKLY AUCTION SALE
>-** at ARCADE HOUSE MARKET. 327
SIXTH ST.. WEDNESDAY. November 11. at
11 a. m. 35 head of ALL PURPOSE HORSES
and MARES. Horses must be as represented
or money refunded. JOHN J. DOYLE, Auc-
tioneer.
Itv* MISCELLANEOUS.
I VEERS
I Th© Highest Priced but '
I "the D«at Quality. *
|. flOLD £V£RYft'HER£.
I * HILBEItT MERCANTILE) CO.
ft. Pacific Cout Agents.
.diJiJIfck. Vim, Vigor. Vitality for Mm.
>K(^E». MORMON BISHOP'S PILLd
tf&jm. «fa bave been la use over fifty
JiwiA^BTa y«ars by tha leaders of th*
£|££Xj££&H Mormon Church and their
BSSrV'StAaM followers. Positively curs ths
KHkII cwSB worst cases In old and yountf
By ' v%l V &S3 arising from effects of salf-
Xz}>J!F)3CAi abuse, dissipation, excesae* or
cigarette smokieff. Curs Lost
CnraSBF Manhood. Imootency, Lost
Power, Nlzht Losses Insom-
nia. -Pains In Back. Evil Desires, Lame Back.
Nervous Debility, Headache. Unfitness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, #i» Varicocele or Con-
sUpatton, Stop Nor »^ fJ youa TwltchtnK of
Eyelids. Eff eets are JT^JS. Immediate. Impart
vigor and potency «»*i/»T»t o every function.
Don't get despondent, a cure Is at hand. Re-
store small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; 8 for
$2 60 by mall. A written guarantee to core or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis st.
Ban Francisco. CaL GRANT DRUO CO.. 13
and 40 Third st.
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great a
Shuseuh of anatomy^
A CB isaiuixxT8T.M.e&«7a,8.r.ctL4
' " Py The Largest Atutosiical Moieum in tha \
< I JJtiL. world. Wcakacsses or toy contracted Q
K<3 S3) dneue s-asltivel 7 e«r*4br the oldest f
Q IS; HI Spea»ii»t aa the Cout. E«t j6 rears. O
ifl«¥f \ DR. JORDAN-DISEASES CF MEN A
¥Gx%}m Conraltatioo free «nd strictly prhrttc \
I TyS/H Tr««n»ent personally or by letter. A M
fl flr SkM Ptmat* C*f in eYeryc»»etmdert»keu. ?
Sj (I A Write for Book. rULOtOriT«ri
I if ri H1RRUCE, MAILED FBCB. (XT
X Q Ik valuable book for nra) \
V nil. JoBDl.il A CO.. IoaMarkatSt.S. F. f
S* *PATENTS*^J
MARKcf ST. ? F
IA/. T. HESS.
notary Fubllo and Attoxney-ftt-Saw.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Sprockets bid*.
Telephone Main 983.
Residence. 821 California St., below Powell.
Residence Telephone James 1501.
OCEAN TBAVEL. .
\yf^T7 f> \^ Steamers leave San Pran-
/SV^-VfiX Cisco as follows:
f&£^_ \il\ Vot Ketchlkan, Wrancel.
A*/ \©S4l VA Joneau, Halnes, Skagwar.
[ I \*L*S!il ) I etc.. Alaska— 11 a. m.. Nov.
I I VB&ga/ / 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. Dec. X.
Vf>\ \\ Change to company's steam-
Vp«v__^y ers at Seattle.
>3£i5>5iP <^ For Victoria, Vancouver.
"^ Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. 'Whatcom — 11 a. m. t Nor. 7.
12. 17. 22, 27, Dec. 2.— Change at Seattle to
this company's steamers for Alaska and O. N.
Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.: *t
Vancouver to C. P. Ry. '
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay>— Pomona, 1:30
p.m.. Nov. 6. 12, 18. 24, 80 Dec C: Corona,
1:80 p. m.. Nov. fr. 15. 2i. 27. Dec. 3.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Dtego and Santa Barbara—
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cms. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Hart ord (3aa
Lois Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay 9 a. m.. Nov. 9, 17. 25. Dec. 3.
Bonlta. 0 a. m., Nov. 3, 13. 21. 29. Deo. T.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Joe* del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymaa (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For farther Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or san-
Ing dates.
TICKET omCSS-4 New - Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharves.
Freight office, 10 Market street.
C. D DUNANN General Passenger Agent.
• 10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. I?. <£ JV. CO.
"Columbia" sails No. 9. 19. 29. Dec 9, 1%
20 "George W. Elder" sails. Nov. 14 24.
Dec 4 14. 24. Only steamship line to PORT-
LAND OR., and short rail line from Portiand
to all points East. Through tickets to lUl
points, all rail or steamship and rail at LOW-
EST RATES. Steamer tickets Include berth
and meals. Steamer sans foot <*, =£«*' "•
at It a. m. 8. F. EOOTH. Gen. Airt. Pass.
Dept. Montgomery st: C. CLIFFORD. Gen.
Agt Freight Dept. 3 Montgomery
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
wasakl iad Shanghai, and connectWg at
Hongkong with steamers for fcidia. «te. No
cargo revived on board on day of sailing. .
S*l. AMERICA S y ;-^ m^-i i> ;- 180J
s. sVH6NaKONO T MA^.. ficVik . i;eVV . i80s
s B* "NIPPON "MARU (CalUng at Manila)
S. ». nurcw WedneBdilT , December 30. 1903
•VTa" Honolulu.* Round-trip tickets at redaced
»Ji7 For freight and passage apply at Com-
£n£. office 421 Market street corner First
pany s otnee. AVE RY. General Agent
|yvvmnv<y««** vv * mi<st u« »uHiru
a s SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
JlUYnd Sydney, Thursday, Nov. 19. 2 p. m.
r S^oSmKDA. for Honolulu. Nov. 28. 11 a.m.
I" s MARtPOSA. for Tahiti. Dec 1. U a, m.
C0MPAG3TX gSSX&lXiK TaA5SATLAHTIQ17X.
TvmFCT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
<£u£s «very Thursday instead o*
Ba^urday. at 10 a.m.. from Pier 42. SMB.
NoruTB iver - toot of Morton street
vrrst-dass to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
«Tui-clois to Havre. *45 and upward. OEX-
S^jT AGENCY FOH UNITED STATES AND
FaVADA 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
Kew TorkV J- *". FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
a rents 5 Montgomery avenue. San Fracnisco.
; rickets* sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
- Mars Island ana VaUaJo Steamer*.
Steamer GEJI. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:45 a. m.. 3:13 and 8:3O p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday, 9 :4» o. m.. 8UJO p. m. Leave Vaiieja.
T a m.. 12:30 and 8 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sua>
day; 1 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare,' 60 cents. TeL
Main 1608. Pto 2, Mlsslon-rt. dock, HATCH
BROS, - ¦- ; ,— — .. ,,.•..» u..«g.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. i
¦9L' .^ I U} m \ VJff^^^&jJjj K^ r™ Xi i ti F~»^ 1 ~ \. # 1 J \ \ t. \ t-^3: WEISER, Idaho, Nov. 8.— From a. re
liable source It is learned that arrange
ments are completed • for the extending, of
the j Pacific and Idaho Northern t Railroad
from Council to , the ! Seven Devils and the
Meadows. Lewis A: Hall,' president of the
road; arrived here [ this afternoon from
New York to take up the matter.
Railroad to Be Extended.
It is declared that the total value of
the gifts to the bride, including, the trous
seau, estimated at $50,000, will : reach
$1,000,000. In Jewels and .laces she re
ceived a fortune, and of house ornaments,
such as vases,- clocks, watches, etc.,
enough to stock a store. -
Nearly all of the 150 persons who have
been Invited to the wedding Tuesday
called to-day to view the presents. The
wedding gifts are said to be the most
splendid and costly ever received by a
bridal pair in this c^y.
The large part of the upper floor was
set aside for the display "of the gifts,
which are guarded by" two headquarters'
detectives. Most conspicuous among them
were the f&med "Roxburghe 7 emeralds,"
valued 'at' $300,000. .This is the* gift [off the
Duke's mother to the bride, f .The J gems
are reputed to have been' in- possession of
the Roxburghe : family for two i centuries.
Among them is a necklace of large stone,
alone valued at $25,000.
NEW YORK. Nov. 8.— There was a re
markable sight on Fifth avenue air this
afternoon in front of Mrs. Ogden Goelefs
house at No. 608. During several hours
a crowd of persons, impelled by a desire
to catch a glimpse of the British Duke,
he of Roxburghe, and of his bride-to-be.
Miss May Goelet, numbered not less than
three thousand.
Special IMspatch to The. Call.
Thousands Crowd Street
in Front of Goelet
. Mansion.
EXny"" promotions
i < : ON KING'S BIRTHDAY
Lord Beresford Among Those Recog
nized by Edward VII of
• -Jv" England. .
LONDON, Nov. 8.— King Edward's
birthday list is extremely, uninteresting.
No new peers or privy councilors . have
been created, but there is a long list of
promotions, decorations and knighthoods
for services rendered in the various pub
lic departments. Vice .¦ Admiral'. -Lord
Charles Beresford has been promoted
from j Commander of the Bath to • Knight
Commander of the Bath. Robert Bell of
Toronto, director of the Geological Sur
vey of Canada, has been made a knight.
Home Rule Wins in Hawaii.
HONOLULU,' Nov. 8.— The returns of
the elections for county officers are now
complete. They show that the *r Home
Rule party has achieved a sweeping 'vic
tory in the island of Maul; while - most
of their candidates in Hawaii Island also
have been elected.
We have all the new pictures and
frames for the coming Holiday trade
now on. exhibition and sale. Inspection
desired. Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Mar
ket street. / ¦ _. •
London Exchange Dull.
LONDON, Nov. 8.— The week's busi
ness on the Stock; Exchange has again
been dull, with prices irregular. Greater
attention has been paid to the position
of the American market than to the ef
fect on the market of Far Eastern poli
tics. . The renewed break in steel stocks
has been i a disturbing Influence in the
railroad list, but prices recovered con
siderably Saturday. Colombians fell
heavily on receipt of the news of the
revolution on the Isthmus of Panama,
but other South American securities re
mained steady. Foreign bonds showed
little- change.
Shasta's Treasury Now Insured.
REDDING, Nov. 8.— The vault and safe
funds of the -treasury of Shasta County
are now insured against damage and loss
by burglary in the sum of $75,000. For a
number; of , years the Supervisors main
tained a night, watchman In the treasur
er's office at a monthly salary of $75. To
obviate the necessity of this the proposi
tion of a guarantee company to insure
the county against loss by- burglary ia
the sum. mentioned to cost $525 for three
years was accepted.
Four Men Guilty of Murder.
WINNEMUCCA; Nov. ; 8.— A jury to
night returned a verdict of guilty of mur
der In the first degree against Fred Reidt,
alias Roberts; Al Underman, alias Wil
liams; John P. Sevner. and T. F. Gorman.
Linderman is a Stockton man. The crime
was committed ¦ last August, the - defend
ants killing , Jack 'Welch on a freight
train near here, after robbing him.
MADRID, Nov. 8. — Sir Henry Mortimer Du
rand, the newly, appointed . British ¦ Minister at
Washington, yesterday presented his letters of
recall to Kins Alfonso and left for London.
CURIOUS THRONG
LOOKS FOR DUKE
the ships building by contract for United
States navy. On the contrary every ves
sel has fallen farther behind notwith
standing the fact that labor conditions
have improved and that there has been
but little mercantile work to prevent for
warding navy contracts. The appended
table, taken from the chief constructor's
report of 1901-02-03, shows a retrogression
of work on ell the ships, not alone in the
trust yards, but in all the establishments
"ranging from one month In the case of the
Tacoma to over eight months with the
Nebraska. It is evident that the contrac
tors' estimates as to time were too low
to start with and that strikes and non
delivery of material caused the delays up
to a year ago. but that all the yards
should have fallen still farther behind
during the past year is somewhat mysti
fying. The Illinois. Maine and Cleveland
were delivered at the dates indicated, but
the completion of all the other ships, as
estimated by the Bureau of Construction,
is likely to fall considerably short in
many Instances and there are strong indi
cations that the Government may have to
take several battleships and armored
cruisers out of the hands of the contrac
tors, as It did with the Galveston and
Chattanooga. rl
ship Hannibal October 1*0 off Fer
rol. Spain. The accident occurred at 2
o'clock in the morning, the night being ex
tremely dark. None of the vessels carried
lights and when the Hannibal suddenly
loomed up on the port side of the Prince
"George nothing could be dene to avert
the collision. The ram of the Hannibal
struck and smashed the hull of the Prince
George fifteen feet below the water line.
Collision mats were at once placed over
« damaged side and weights were shlft
?o starboard, balancing to some ex
• weight of water which fille I the
tment. Fortunately the sea was
and the watertight bulkheads
i proper condition, enablir.? the
proceed to Ferrol, where slff* was
d and repaired in five days. e
iibal was only" Flightly damaged.'
mplalnt is made by the engine-room
~ers in the British navy that they
lowed only sixpence a day addition
attending to the machinery of the
trine boats, while the officers and
receive double pay. Considering
iives depend upon the proper con
of all the parts of the motive pow
hese boats the complaint appears
¦?ell founded.
it of the results of prize firing of
! ships in the British nav^during
s unexpectedly been published. The
hip Hood Is in the place of honor
tie 16.2»-inch gun and the 13.5-inch
With the 12-inch gun the Ocean
ie best; the armored cruiser Abou
ads with the 9.2-inch, and the Ocean
made the best showing with the 6-
p 'f>3 HE British battleship Prince
I George of the channel fleet had a
i narrow escape from foundering
H through collision with the battle-
The German cruisers Hamburg, Berlin
and a third not yet launched are of ap
proximately the same displacement as the
eix cruisers of the Denver class building
for United States navy and contracted for
in December, 1S99. The Hamburg class is
of 3000 tons displacement, 6000 horsepower
and a calculated speed of twenty-two
knots, carrying an armament of ten 4.1
inch guns and with a coal capacity of
800 tons. The Denver Is of 3500 tons, 4700
horsepower r.nd intended to have a epced
of 16.5 knots. The armament consists of
ten 5-inch guns and the coal capacity Is
700 ton*. The advantage of superior bat
tery in the American nhips is more than
offset by the increase of five and a half
knots speed in the German ships which
also carry 100 tons of coal more than
ours. It was confidently expected at the
time the Denver class was designed that
the ships would develop a speed of sev
enteen and a half knots, but neither the
Cleveland, Des Moines nor Denver recent
ly tried came up to the contract speed
owJng probably to the lack of stimulus in
the form of premiums. The Hamburg
was laid down April 1. 1902, launched July
26 last and will bo ready for commission
In February next, making her time of
construction twenty-two months. The
Cleveland— the only one as yet accepted—
was begun June 1, 1500. launched Septem
ber 28. 1901, and turned over to the navy
October 30, J903. giving a total of forty
months to build.
RUSSIA'S FLEET IN THE. ORIENT
The Russian fleet in China waters is
steadily increasing and exceeds, now that
'of the fleet of Japan. It numbers ten
battleships, five armored cruisers, nine
protected cruisers, four armored gunboats,
five unprotected cruisers, three gunboats
and fifty-six destroyers and torpedo baats.
The Japanese fleet Includes six battle^
ships, seven armored cruisers, five coast
defense ships, fifteen protected cruisers,
four cruisers, six. torpedo gunboats, five
gunboats and fifty-six destroyers and tor
pedo boats in serviceable condition. Rus
sia is. In addition to the ships arrived on
the station, fitting out at Kronstadt three
battleships, ;. four : armored . cruisers, one
protected cruiser and a dozen destroyers
which will be sent out to the scene of
possibly Impending trouble with great dis
patch. Japan, It is understood, is nego
tiating for. the purchase of the i two Ar
genlna'. batUethlps. Constitucion a nd Lib
ertad, recently^ launched: in England.
There has t>een no Improvement in. the
progress 'of : work during the past; year.on
During the coming winter the German
dockyards will | be busy completing and
fitting out thirteen now vessels delivered
by contractors or built at the dockyards.
The battleship Schwaben, two armored
cruisers, Friedrich Karl and Prlnz Adal
bert, and the cruiser Undine, are getting
r«>ady for their trials; two armored cruis
ers, Roon and Deutschland, have recently
been launched and three cruisers, Ber
lin, Hamburg and Mercur, also launched,
will be ready by spring. Three battle
ship. Elsass. Hessen and Preussen. will
not be completed within a year; and two
more battleships of an improved type are
being built at the Germania yard at Kiel,
while a fourth battleship, M, is to ba
laid down at Stettin. >. ; ;-.-
GERMANY'S NEW WARSHIPS.
inch guns. Honors were even between
the cruisers Fox and Forte in practice
with the 4.7-inch guns, in which sixty
fcur ships participated.
A slight reduction of the working force
in the five dockyards ol France will bo
made curing the remaining six ' months
of the financial year, owing to the limited
nppropriatlons having been expended at
too rapid a ratio. The number of em
ployes has been fixed at 20,242 for all the
yards and the allowance of wages has
bctn apportioned under the principal
heads as followE: New construction,
JC90.225: repairs, $406,740; miscellaneous,
$¦'31,955; on ships afloat. $4455, making a
total of (1.133,375, which is about one-'
third of the turn expended In the United
States navy yards for repairs to ships
in the same length of time. .
ONE OF GREAT BRITAIN'S NAVAL ENGINES OF WAR THAT CAME INTO COLLISION WITH ANOTHER
BATtVESHIP AT SEA AND WAS SAVED FROM FOUNDERING ONLY BY THE QUICKNESS OF ACTION OF
HER tOMMANDER/ -^;V &&-.
Wilcox was In the midst of an active
political "campaign when his death oc
curred. Overexertion brought on hemor
rhages, to which he succumbed! His Ha
waiian blood was one of the reasons of
his popularity with the natives. His body
has been lying in state since the death
at the Wilcox residence in Honolulu sur
rounded nighty and* day by a guard of
honor waving kalihis over the casket,
according to the old Hawaiian custom.
HONOLULU, Nov. 8.— The funeral of
Robert W. Wilcox, formerly Congression
al Delegate from Hawaii, who died un
expectedly of consumption on- October 24,
took place to-day ancl ; was attended by a
great popular demonstration of sympathy.
Prior to ¦ the interment a service was
held In the Roman Catholic Cathedral,
the deceased having been a member of
that church. Bishop Ropert officiated,
and the edifice was filled with Hawaiians.
On the conclusion of the ceremony the
casket was placed on a hearse, which
was drawn through \ the streets by 200
natives to the' cemetery. A great mul
titude gathered around the grave.
Natives Make Great Display of Sym
pathy at Delegate WilcoxV
Funeral.'
HAWAIIANS DO HOMAGE
TO 3EL0VED LEADEB
-The rflan'is a far-reaching one. Jt con
sists first of a patrol of streets by a score
of young women, who will keep a vig
ilant outlook for the street masher, and
when one is found to report his offense
to the nearest police officer. In addition
Miss Hardin proposes to organize the
young' women in offices and shops on a
rriutual protection plan. In this way when
a girl has a complaint against her em
ployer she can rely on the assistance of
many of her fellow employes to prove her
charges.
The details are being carefully worked
out, and before the Christmas shoppers
swarm the streets the women expect to
drive the mashers from their familiar
haunts. ¦
DENVER, Nov. 8.— A plan to down the
"masher" and protect girls who are com
pelled to earn ¦. their living in offices and
.shops of Denver has been launched by-
Miss Louise Lee Hardin, president of the
Denver Business "Women's Club.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Denver Maidens to Do
Police Duty on the
Streets.
WILL WAGE WAR
ON THE "MASHER"
Major Pitcher says it ia of the greatest
Importance that the boundary lines of the
park, in addition to being surveyed should
be so thoroughly marked as to render it
impossible for any one to cross the line
without knowing that he has entered the
reservation.
The bear seem-to be about as numerous
as a year ago. They have done no harm
to any one during the past season.
The deer seem to be increasing more
rapld|y._than any other game in the park,
at least they arc becoming tamer and
more fearless than any other . species.
The new buffalo herd, which is under the
immediate charge of C. J. Jones, is do-
Ing exceedingly well, but the Increase in
the herd this year was not as great as
was ho^ed for.
The mountain sheep have increased con
siderably in number in the past yaar ana
there are now mpre than ICO In the park.
"Many of them are tired of waiting,"
says Captain Young. "These big trees
grow close to the country road. The
owners have cut them by the wholesale
and put the lumber upon the market and
where once was a fln«. forest of magnifi
cent giants there is now but devastation
and ruin in the shape of stumps and
sawdust piles on either side of the high
road. It is but just to the owners and
for the best interest of the Government
that the purchase; of these patented
lands within the park -be authorized by
Congress if the parks are to be contin
ued."
'He says the lands can be secured for
reasonable prices. Captain Young says
game is increasing.
Major John Pitcher's report en Yellow
stone Park is devoted largely to the con
dition of the game in that preserve. He
recommends that provisions be made for
feeding game in the park in the winter.
The danger of loss by starvation, he
says, is increasing yearly, owing to the
fact that the country around the park is
settling up. thus limiting the range. He
thinks It would not be a difficult matter
to feed the antelope and sheep, as their
winter range Is close to Fort Yellow
stone. He places the number of ante
lope in the park at about 10OO.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 8.— In his annual
report Captain Charles Young, acting su
perintendent of Sequoia and General
Grant national parks, California, in
which many giant trees' are lo
cated, urges the acquisition by the
Government of the land in those
parks now owned by private Indi
viduals. In Sequoia Park there are many
large tracts thus owned and after.wait
ing in vain for years for the Government
fo purchase- their property the owners
are beginning to sell off the large tim
ber.
Weary of Government Delay,
Owner3 Are Using Trees
for Lumber..
Captain Young Declares
Reservations Are Be-
U' ing Ruined.
Vhile Steaming at Sea With the British Channel Fleet During a
Black Night the War Craft's Hull Is Smashed by the Ram of
the Hannibal, but the Injured Vessel Succeeds in Making Port
URGES PURCHASE
OF PARK LANDS
BATTLESHIP PRINCE GEORGE
BARELY ESCAPES DISASTER
¦,-—'¦ --.'" - - ¦¦¦¦!'. '¦¦¦'.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALLj; MONDAY, ; NOVEMBM 9, 1903.
3
OOAN'S KIDNEY PIXIES.
A ' COMMON_ERROR.
The Same l_*lrt*ke I» Made by Many
San Trandsco People.
It's a common «rror
To plaster the aching back.
To rub with lliJments rheumatic Joints
When the trouble comes from the kid-
neys.
Doan's Kidney Pills cure all kidney
Ills
And are Indorsed by San. Francisco
citizens.
William Tinkler, expressman for Gil-
bert Bros., residence 434 % Clementina
street, says: "I have been laid up In the
house for three or four weeks at a time
and have been afraid to go to bed be-
cause to turn ' caused excruciating:
twinges. If I stooped I suffered, and If
I straightened it was just as bad. all on
account of an aching back. I had at-
tacks of it for several years, some of
them *o virulent that In my endeavor to
find relief I actually rubbed the skin off
my back with liniments. The last med-
icine I -used was Doan's Kidney Pills.
That is six months ago. I never felt
botter in my life than during the time
which has elapsed nor at the present mo-
ment. I ojti> this condition to Doan's
Kidney Pills." "^
For sale by all dealers. Price 60 cents.
Foster-Mllburn Co., Buffalo, N. Y.. sole
»«?ents for th« United States.
Remember the name, Doan's, and take
no sChrftttute.
*
Spices generally are half or
three-quarters something else.
Schilling's Best
t« VakiBx-powtJtr «Pie«
coSm Croriag extracts soda
are pure and full strength:
Your grocer's ; xnoneyback.
AMUSEMENTS. - 'ly*.
TIYQLISo^.
NOTE— Perfortnances begin at 8 sharp; Sat-
urday matinee at, 2 sharp.
-TO-KIQHT /;
Wednesday, Friday and Saturday Evenings,
Puccini 1 * Famous Tragic Opera,
"TOSCA."
Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday Evenings,
Saturday Matinee,
Verdi's Ever Popular Work.
"IL TROVATORE."
f MONDAY, 16TH IHST.
STEIITDOEPP NIGHT.
I Watch for the Great Production of
"ZAZA"
Prices always the same — 25c, 50c, 75c.
Telephone Bush 0.
I. .CALIFORNIA..
TO-NIGHT." V
The World's ' Most Marvelous Magician
till
THE GREAT. 1
Accompanied by the Military Musicians,
THE LASKYS.
NEXT SUNDAY— The only and original
ROSE MELVILLE in "Sis HoDklns."
A T f A 7 A D Belasco & MayeV.
ALCAZAR irsrtss.
General Manager.
"Th* New Company Has Made Good In
JBKrery Play." — News Letter.
TO-NIGHT— MATINEES SAT. AND SUN.
First Times in Nearly Five Years.
The Private^.
- That
Secretary. W
Evgs., 25c to 75c; Mat. Sat. & Sun., 15c to 50c.
NEXT MONDAY— First Time In This City.
\k "THE CLUB'S BABY."
A Comedy Convulsion In Three Spasms!
Belasco & , Mayer. Proprietors.
Market St.. near Eighth Phone South 533
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
To Satisfy General Demand
L. R. STOCKWELL' S Mammoth Production ot
"UINGI-E TOM'S CABIN."
10O— PEOPLE IN THE CAST— 100
CHORUS OF 60 COLORED PEOPLE!
GORGEOUS AND COSTLY SCENERY!
NEW SONGS. CHORUSES, DANCES.
TABLEAUX'.
Most Stupendous Production ever witnessed in
*s San Francisco.
L. R. STOCKWELL as MARKS the Lawyer.
PDirPC Evenings : ...10c to 90c
IftlWCJ Matinees ..... ..10c. 15c. 25c
Monday, week of November 16 —
"UNDER THE POLAR STAR."
That This Show Will Run Months Is a Certain
• • Fact.
But We Will Not. Do Anything of the Kind.
{RUBES AMD ROSES |
: Will Run But Three Weeks More.
So Come Early and . Secure Seats.
' • Demand as Great '_*.• " Ever.
Our "All Star" Cast. Including: . 1
KOLB AND DILL. !
BARNEY BERNARD.
WINFIELD BLAKE. "
MAUDE -AMBER.
GEORGIA O'RAMEY,
BEN T. DILLON..
RESERVED . SEATS — Nights, 25c.' 50c and
75c; Saturday and Sunday Matinees.- 25c and
5Oc; Children at Matinees. 10c and 25c.
uw vriiis,
•QUEXlf, STOWE and PEEIY,
AND A GREAT SHOW EVERY AFTERNOON
AND EVENING IN, THE .THEATER.
SEE THE -INTERESTING BABIES : IN THE
INFANT. INCUBATORS.
ZTKADBTAS XJT T3EB BOO I
£ots of Ton la the Penny Arcade.
,-—^-VISIT.THE— '¦
i "anrsno mkeoemaze."
AMATEUR NIGHT. THURSDAY. L'
i ¦ When PhonlnjAak : for "The Chutes.*"" -\
_^ AMUSEMENTS. J
f*Al EIRfi&IJI ' an nasssors
lUULiUmffilA IH0IS3THDTK
SECOND AMD LAST WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
MESSY MUSICAL FANTASY,
"—THE
T A GREAT T-
0 SINGING COMPANY. O
-r^- . • A REAL -r^-
2^\ BEAUTY CHORUS. ¦&
So »o
(Management Dearborn Theater Company.)
Last Time Next Sunday.
Next Monday. VIRGINIA HARNEP In "IRIS"
GRAND 85E!£
Evenings at S; Wed. and Sat. Matineea at 2.
SECOND WEEK.
SLAW and EBUIJTGEK'S
Stupendous Production of Gen. Lew Wallace's
BEN HUR
i Dramatized by William Young.
Music by Edgar Stlllman Keiley.
[J^T* Scats on Sale Thursday
for Last Two Weeks.
PEERLESS VAUDEVILLE!
Bellman and Moore; Warren and
Blanchard; Jack Theo Trio; Phil
and Nettie Peters; "Village Choir"
Quartette; Max Wai don; Olivette;
The Two Roses; Goleman's Dogs
and Cats and tha
INGLESIDE AUTOMOBILE RACES
Shown in Motion Pictures.
Reserved Seats 25ci Balcony lOo
Box Seats and Opera Chain 5Rc
PfliflfP DON'T PAIL TO
taiaWV see the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
flflfl room, th* EMPIRE
UIJU PARLOR, the
r j PALM ROOM, the
brand louis xv par -
Ml UUU . LOR^ and the LA-
O j 1 DI ES* WRITING
Hotels room
Furnished House
To Lease.
A EASTOSOMi: RESXDEHrCE US THE
WSSTEB2T ADDITION.
Elegantly furnished, large, '. fins ground*,
coach-house, etc. ¦ >» •
Apply ASHTON & GARDINER. Agents.
/ 411 Montgomery at.
/P% B I fi 0 0\ Ammunition. Hunting and
lM Rli Srortinit OcoUs. Lars;c!>;
l_l 1119 stoclu-lAwtst prices.. S'-nl
1 lH IlHll for catalogue.
%J 1 \k SHREVE& CAREER CO..
739 Market st. and 311
"¦ - - ¦ ' ' Kearny »t.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Pries Lists Mallei
on Application.
PSESH A1TD SALT MEATS.
I1C BAVTC X- Cf\ Shipping Butcher*. 104 .
JAj. PUICJ tt \A). ctay. Tel. Main 12»i.
- . - . ¦ OTTt!? i ¦ ¦ ¦
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD & ELUi.
418 Front «t.. 8. F. Phone Main 1I1U.
: - . pxemxa. .- " ~^"
E. C» BU6BE&, 611 Samom. »«.. a. r. ¦
jS^Sftfe/i MENANDW0ME7I.
B£8 O*J«i«4 a Irritation, or ulcer»t«->n«
ffSf hi to nrlatar.. ¦• of oicoai membrane*.
m rt»tmU c*>tM>M. P«lnl»ej, aod not Mtrln*
IfTnTKEEMMCHEJdKULCO. feat or poisonous.
VjgA ClXCmHAT1.0,E^?3 aald hj Dr«rsUt*,
wnek x. B. A. jhBF or ient * n P'»' n wr« W«r,
iM^ by esprext, prepaid, tot •
ti.oo. or 3 bottles 12.75.
H Circular wet oa r*an««t.
liF Call WM Year
v ADVERTISEMENTS.
j u u.i;.- * ? iwuS ui w - lui *pi fj usr j^ \fe^
This is the fifth of a series of adver- <d&B£Bfc+ S^^=^^SS; S >M|1
tisements which enumerate the ad-
vantages to be obtained in having us PS^^^^^^^'fe^
• We have shown .how we can save '|^HHH^|B^^SL{^^^S^^^^^S^c^pi
you from $5 to $10 on a suit ; told ¦^B^M[HS^(^^vhi^^^^^:i|
about buying the cloth direct from the iflM
tern of measuring and the excellence
more interested in the garments them- llt^^^^ 1^^^^^^
Suits safisfaciori/y mzda to order for out- f^^s «y| 9 " ''!P fills "
of -town customers through our self-measuring p£l|| kSeKw^^?*'"*- $lf!$Pi
Corner Powell and Eddy Sts.,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I KONA KOFr EE KO WANY I
I ms Stockton $fc«*»HSeary I
H Oppoi«Jte«;C • t y op PuR%&ibtyj&oi>jd& Co. I
» Phqhfe Bush 51O " , MsWild ; Rumors of Massacre.
PITTSBURG, Nov. 8,— The Dispatch' to
morrow, will publish * a: story ' to> the effect
that • John : Mitchell '¦ will not I be ¦ a candi
date " for. re-election^ as : . president of ,. ; _the
United Mine t Worker"s'i,Unlon at\the-Jan
uary ( convention/. This ; .i . statement % was
made;-; by a,, close' personal \ friend I of
Mitchell: • - ¦-¦';—;, • :
Mitchell May Step Down.
Antiquarians have , unearthed between
Bland .. and i Espanola, N. M., a building
containing 1500 rooms and much rich pot
tery and several smelters. It is one of
the remains of the cliff dwellers.
SPRINGFIELD, IlL, Nov. 8.-Frank W.
Tracey, I president of tho ¦ First National
Bank ot Springfield 'and a member of the
committee* on .uniform « laws: of the Na
tional: Bankers* Association, died to-day
of -a' complication of diseases, at the age
of 63 years.. ,
Banker Frank .W. Tracey Dead.
BERKELEY, Nov. 8.— John Henry
Wurts, an aged and well-known resident
of -Berkeley, died yesterday morning ; at
the ' home of his son, M. '. L. Wurts, corner
of Raymond and Fairview, streets. Death
was caused j by cerebral j hemorrhage. The
deceased was a native of New York and
82 years old.; The funeral Wai held from
a ' local : undertaking parlor v at 10 o'clock
this morning., ; . '•;
Aged Resident -Passes Away.
LAREDO, Texas, Nov. 8. — Yellow fe
ver continues without much abatement.
Tho official bulletin issued to-night
shows twelve new cases but no deathsT.-~
Dr." B. D. Murray, the international
yellow; fever expert, just returned from
a trip as far as Saltillo, said to-day that
conditions in Monterey, \if, judged by
other cities where yellow, fever has been
epidemic. Indicated no less than 25,000
cases there this year, with the mortality
rate placed ¦¦ conservatively at \ 5 , per . cent.
The deaths have been greatly in '< excels
of the number reported in! the
bulletins Issued in this city and fully 600
cases exist at the present time.
; The stations on the line of the Mexi-.
can Central. 'between Laredo and Saltillo,
he says, suffered an invasion of the yel
low fever and have contributed an un
known number of deaths and caaes.
Twelve New Cases in Laredo Are
Reported, but No
jwatuoi
YELLOW FEVER IN
TEXAS UNABATED
. LONDON, Nov. 8.— Subscriptions are be
ing raised. in tho Scotch towns of Kelso
and Dunbar for wedding gifts, fetes and
Illuminations In honor of the forthcom
ing marriage of Miss May Goelet and the
Duke of Roxburghe.
BRUSSELS. Nov. 8.— A bill modifying th«
Belgian tariff laws will soon b« Introduced * in
Parliament. . It will propoee increased duties on
wine, fruits and aluminum ware.
PREVS "JHB .
ST. PAUL. Nov. 8.— William Notter, a islet.
man for a local chair company, committed sui
cide to-day by Jumping from the Pmlth-avenue
bridge 200 feet Into the Mississippi River.
LONDON. • Nov. 8. — Hon. George Charles
Brodertck. who recently resigned th« position
of warden of Mertln College. Oxford, which
tie had held since 1881, Is dead.
CLEVELAND. Ohio, Nov. 8.— Mrs. Cornelius
8. Van Wagoner, the treasurer of the Interna
tional Board of Women's and Toung Women's
Christian Association, died to-day of perito
nitis.
BUFFALO, Nov. 8. — Dr. Cornelius Wyekofr.
a life member of the Medical Society, la dead.
Hie grandmother was a first cousin of Thomaa
Jen>rson.
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
Arkansas Mob Gives Swift Punish
;. ment to Slayer of
Policeman. ;
BRINKLEY, Ark., Nov. 8— Because Z.
Caudle, a white man, stabbed a policeman
to death in an altercation, a mob took
him from the iail early to-day, shot him
four times and then hanged him to a tele
phone pole. The Coroner's jury rendered
a verdict to the effect that Caudle was
lynched l by persons unknown.
HANG A MURDERER
Vr; AFTER SHOOTING HIM
COLUMBIA PARK BOYS
WILL DRILL ON GAIT
BERKELET, Nov. 8.— The Colu
Park Boys' Club of San Francisco, in i
uniform, will come to Berkeley on Satur
day, November 21, and drill o» the univer
sity campus in company with the Berke
ley Junior Cadets, a recentlyfonned com
pany. The boys will be under the com
mand of Sidney S. Peixotto of the Na
tional Guard.
After the drill In the afternoon by the
company an entertainment will be Riven
In Sbattuck Hall in the evening. There
will be 150 boys to participate, including
the band and bugle and drum corps. The
proceeds of the entertainment will be used
to purchase a flag for the Berkeley Junior
Cadets, at whose Invitation the Columbia
Park Club will visit Berkeley.
-. The experiments were made in part with
persons who had lived a number of years
on a strictly fruit and nut diet and in
part with university students accustomed
to mixed foods, there being . made nine
dietary ,and thirty-one digestion studies.
In the majority of the dietary studies
and all but one of the digestion experi
ments fruit and niits constituted all or
almost all of the diet.? For' instance, in
one aeries of tests the daily, ration'con
sisted of apples and bananas, alone or in
combination with walnuts, almonds,!Bra
zil nuts or pecans. The other experiments
were carried on' with "different; combina
tions of grapes, figs; walnuts and other
fruits and nuts, eaten with small, quan
tities, of milk, and breakfast foods, "the
latter being given simply, to give a relish.
> The experiments demonstrated that ,the
fruits ' and nuts ' were* thoroughly digested
and that they have 1 a , much more val
uable nutritive value than was ordinarily
supposed. , As ;. sources , of , carbohydrates
fruits at ordinary ¦ prices are not expen
slve.v and ', as ; sources of protlen and * fat
nuts at usual prices are reasonable foods.
The ' cost H v of , the, fruitarian : diet'dally*for
one person is found to vary from. 18 to 20
cents.vr-X : ::v- .:.¦-,.- i.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Nov. 8.
The results of the investigations to as
certain the value of fruits and nuts as
food that were carried on by Professor
M. E. Jaffa of the agricultural depart
ment of the University of, California, co
operating with-«he United States Depart
ment of Agriculture, arc embodied in a
pamphlet that was issued at the univer
sity to-day. Professor, Jaffa finds, after
exhaustive trials, that the fruitarian diet
is as valuable to the^ody as the ordi
nary mixed foods and that the cost Is
about the Fame. «.
Professor Jaffa Finds
Diet of That Sort
Inexpensive.
ROME, Nov. 8. — The Russian general,
Ragdasovitch, has i offered the sum. of
$515,000 to purchase" the relics of St.
Nicholas, . which are worshiped through
out Russia. They are new the property
of the famous cathedral at Bari, Italy,
which was visited by the Czar in 1S92,
when he was Czarewitch. Tho authen
ticity of the relics is disputed. Venice
claiming to have the bones of St. Nich
olas. The Russians, however,' believe the
relics at Bari to be genuine.
OOO to the Owners in
Russian General Has Offered $515,-
HIGH PRICE FOR THE
ST. NICHOLAS RELICS
Clark B*nch Manager Appointed.
SAN MATEO, Nov. 8.— D. W. Donnelly
of this city ha« been appointed manager
of the C. W. Clark ranch here to succeed
W. B. Hamilton, who recently resigned.
Donnelly had been employed in the ac
counting office of the Southern Pacific
Railroad In San Francisco for the past
twenty • yeans. He is prominent In local
*rorttag circles, being captain of the San
Mateo Athletic Club, of which he was
principal promoter and is now chief di
rector.
WASHINGTON, Nov. $. — Frank P. S*r»ent.
ComroiMUoner of Immigration. Buffered an at
tack of paraly«l« of the left elde yesterday and
for a time hie condition gave hi* family con
siderable concern, He was better to-day, how
ever, and his physicians hope for & epeedy re
covfry.
PROGRAMME ANNOUNCED
FOB GAELIC FIELD DAY
Interesting Events Will Be Decided
at Ingleside Racetrack on
Thanksgiving Day.
A meeting of the delegates from the
Gaelic athletic clubs of the city and
State was held last night In the K. R. B.
Hall to complete arrangement** for the
field events which will be held under the
aurplces of the Gaelic Athletic Club at
Ingleside race track Thanksgiving day.
John Purcell, on behalf of the games
committee, presented the following
Schedule of events which will be open to
all amateur athletes of the coast: One
hundred yards dash, 120 yards hurdle,
440 yards, one mile, two miles, running
long jump, running high jump, pole vault,
throwing 16-pound hammer, putting 16
pound shot, putting 42-pound' shot, sling-
Ing 66 pounds between legs with follow.
Entries should be addressed to D. T.
Buckley, room 23, Murphy building. In
addition there will be many novel events,
such as raising and striking the hurling
ball, football place kick. There will also
be two races. 220 yards . and £80 yards,
confined to members of Gaelic clubs.
Chairman J. C. Nealon reported on behalf
of the committee on prizes that over $1000
had been secured in trophies and medals.
Two gold m«dals will be awarded for
each event. Valuable team trophies, as
well as Individual gold medals, will be
awarded for the hurling and football
championship.
Dr. Tyndall's Lectures.
"Hypnotlsm and Crime," the psycho
logical lecture delivered at Steinway Hall
last, night by Dr. Alexander J.McIvor-
Tyndall, taxed the seating capacity of the
house. The subject was well handled, be
ing a concise' statement of "the various
opposing opinions in regard to the use of
hypnotism and what the subtle power. Is
capable of in the light of criminology.
Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall holds that any per
son who is dominated by _ one idea,
whether he be asleep or awake, is hypno
tized. In this sen^e criminals are often
developed by. the force of a' suggestion of
crime taken Into the mind until It ¦be
come* dominant. The lecture was fol
lowed by demonstrations of the psychic
powers, of the scientist, which elicited
enthusiastic applause. Next Sunday eve
ning Dr. Mclvor-TyndaJl .-will talk on
"The Elements of Success." '
ALTON, III., Nov. 8.— Samson Cooper, 60
yeans old. one of the Princes at Gypsies, * was
Ftabbed through the heart and robbed under an
electric light here to-night by a negro, who es
caped. — ¦-—-—__"
Interesting Papers Read Before
Cooper Ornithological Club— Pino
Siskins Described.
BERKELEY, Nov. 8.— The Cooper
nithological Club held Its bl-r
tneeting this afternoon at the Ph '
Psi fraternity house. Some int
papers were read, particularly on*
Ward Carriger of San Francisco »
Nesting of the Pine Siskin." P. .
kins, the first ever seen outside t . "^
tic regions, were recently found ¦ . •
in San Mateo County by Mr. t,', ;
who studied their habits. The ot .
pers were by Miss Ida Eschenl
"Some Observations During: a $ -
Outing in Illinois" and by H. H. :
of San Francisco on "Clapper Ra.' .
The nominations for officers res .
the naming of the following: Fox
dent, H. A. Taylor of Alameda; vie ¦¦.
ldent, J. 'A. Moran of Palo Alto;
vice president, Earle Mullln of Be
treasurer, Joseph Grummel of Lt
ipelea; secretary, Charles Thomas •
Luis Obispo. The election of offlcei
be held at the January meeting.
BIRDS' EGGS COLLECTORS
TELL OF OBSERVATIONS
The installation ceremonies were fol
lowed by the preaching of . a sermon by
the Rev. W. P. Balrd. the successor of
the Rev. Mr. Wooten to the pulpit of the
Asbury Church.
The Rev. Mr. Wooten is confident that
the new church will grow rapidly and
Boon require a building for worship. The
church already owns a lot at Durant
street and Telegraph avenue, and this
will be utilized at some future day for the
building.
BERKELEY, Nov. 8.— The new Epworth
Methodist Church South was organized
this morning in Woodman Hall, this be
ing the first Methodist Church South In
Berkeley. The formalities accompanying
the founding of the new church were very
simple, consisting as they did merely of
the signing of the roll by the large num
ber present. The Rev. J. C. Wooten, for
merly of the Asbury Methodist Church
South of Oakland, presided, and the Rev.
C. F. Reid, missionary secretary for the
Pacific Coast, preached the first sermon.
The officers of the Epworth League who
were elected at the meeting last Wednes
day evening; were installed this evening
by Roy J. Burks,- president of Asbury Ep
worth League of Oakland, assisted by the
other members of that league. Mrs. W.
H. Waste and Mr. Burks rendered the
music. The officers installed were the /ol
lowing named: President, W. H. Waste;
vice president. Miss Eula Holland; second
vice president, Mrs. L. J. Maddux; third
vice president, Miss L. G. Rush; secre
tary, A. O. Beadles; treasurer/ Miss Ce
celia Skinner; Era agent, Edward Black
man; pianist. Miss Esther Maddux; re
porter, Miss Minerva Skinner; chairman
social committee. Miss Wattle Miller.
Simple Ceremonies Hark the Inaug
uration of New Place of Wor
ship in College Town.
CRIPPLE CREEK. Nov. S.— James F.
Hadley, president; Bruno Hobbs, vice
president, and A. G. Jones, assistant
cashier of the Bimetallic Bank, which
was closed last Thursday, were arrested
late last night on* a complaint sworn t%
by James L Mosler of the Harder-Mosler
Mercantile Company of Cripple Creek.
The Information filed with Assistant At
torney Cole alleges that the officials
named accepted 5400 from the Harder-
Mosier Mercantile Company for deposit
in the Bimetallic Bank. when they knew
the institution to be in an Insolvent con
dition. The prisoners were released* on
bonds of $5000 each.
Charge Hade That Deposits Were
Accepted When Bank Was
Insolvent.
CRIPPLE CREEK BANK
OFFICIALS ARRESTED
NEW METHODIST CHURCH
FOUNDED IN BERKELEY
Roberts and Wilson have been rooming
together and the latter brought Daugherty
to the apartments last night. Roberts
came home later and claims that he saw
one of the men going through his coat.
Afterward he missed the money. Without
saying a word to either man Roberts
slipped out to a telephone, called up the
O'Farrell-street police station and re
quested that policemen and a patrol
wagon be eent to the house. Both Daugh
erty and Wilson lingered, ignorant of
what Roberts had done. In a short time
the police arrived, walked in on the trio
and took the two accused men into cus
tody. Both were locked up by order of
the detectives and the case will be In
vestigated to-day.
E. Daugherty and P. Wilson were taken
to the City Prison last evening and their
names registered on the detinue book by
Detectives Mulcahy and O'Dea. They are
accused by L. D. Roberts of 239 Walnut
street of having robbed him of $5. /
L. D. Roberts Suspects Roommate
and Letter's Friend of Theft and
Surprises Them.
CALLED PATROL WAGON
FOB MEN HE ACCUSED
Two out of the six men who started
the trouble were arrested by Town Mar
shal M. Geisenhof er and put in the town
calaboose- for the "night. The men gave
their names as E. Parker and Thomas
Kelly and said they were from Alameda.
Geisenhofer went in pursuit of the mem
bers of the party, who fled.
The battle occurred at the center of
town, around the. plaza. For an hour the
strangers had been unruly and created
much disturbance. Geisenhofer tried to
quiet the men, but his efforts only served
to arouse a belligerent attitude. In at
tempting to arrest one of the visitors
Geisenhofer found his hands full of dis
turbance, urawing his club, the officer
used it until he broke the weapon. A.
hundred people, mostly men, gathered In
an instant. Some of the town's youth
took sides with the strangers, but most
of the San Leandroites were with the
Marshal. A dozen fights were on at once
and many - of the battling contestants
used all sorts of improvised weapons.
Men fought until they were tired out,
had dispersed the six visitors and had
seen two of them landed In the town
jail. Geisenhofer was roughly handled,
but managed to get out of the melee
without serious injury.
Inflamed with liquor and defiant of the
law, half a dozen young men of Oakland
and Alameda were responsible for a
riotous outbreak at San Leandro this
afternoon that Involved a hundred men
In a free-for-all battle. before the more
than incipient disturbance was quelled.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 8.
A good part of the sales now made are to
speculators who are buying for the future
rather than the present value of the property.
Bhould the general financial condition remain
unchanged this winter's real estate market
will be good.
Joseph J. Mason of Berkeley — The realty
market in Berkeley is not so active as it was
at this time last year, although elnce the
opening of the new ferry I have had many in
quiries for home sites on the lines connecting
with the new ferry, and I think that property
values will soon increase as a result of the
new enterprise.
Jamen 6. NaiBmltb — I have done three times
as much business In the last month as I did
in July, August or September, and the realty
market looks good at the present time .for a
steady, healthy Increase.
Walter E. Logan — The sales during the
month last past show that the realty market
Is In a very fair condition.. The principal de
mand is for cottages centrally located or con
venient to the Ban Francisco trains.
"Key Route" ferry, especially near Fortieth
street. There are a great many flats vacant
just now, but only a very few cottages are to
be had. At the present time there are great
many San Francisco and Eastern people build'
Ing homes In this city. In fact, I don't know
-when the real estate business has been so good
In the last twelve years.
A.'J. Bnyder — The market has been extreme
ly favorable for the month of October, and I
think that it will continue to be active. . I have
had many Inquiries for property on the streets
near the car lines that connect with the new
The opening of the new tunnel road
from Contra Costa County will increase
the value of property along the new road,
as it Is sure to induce many residents
of that county to trade in Oakland, and
it passes through an ideal residence dis
trict.
Following are statements from a num
ber of the local real estate men:
J. 8. Myers of Austin & Myers — The real es
tate market has been very active during the
last month, and the indications are that the
present prosperous conditions will continue.
There Is a great demand for centrally located
apartment houses and suburban homes. In the
last ten days I have sold ten lots In the vi
cinity of Thirty-second and Thirty-fourth and
Adeline streets to San Francisco Investors, and
of fifteen houses that I am now building I have
already disposed of live, although none of them
are yet completed. There is a gre,at demand
for property along the lines of the new ferry,
especially in the vicinity of the new cross
town line on Fortieth street. One of the San
Francisco men who purchased property from
me says that he can reach his place of bust
ness quicker by the new ferry than he could
by the street cars from his home In San Fran
cisco.
The inauguration of the new ferry ser
vice has had a very appreciable Influence
in stimulating the demand for property
located on or near the lines of the com
pany, and a large amount of residence
property has been sold to former subur
ban residents of San Francisco, who say
that they can reach the business district
of San Francisco quicker by the new ferry
than they could by the street cars from
their former homes.
The condition of the local real, estate
market during the last month has been
good and the dealers agree that the out
look for the next year Is most encourag
ing. Property of all kinds Is in demand
by people who intend to locate perma
nently in this city, and the renting mar
ket has been very active. The demand
for cottages has been especially brisk.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadwav, Nov. 8.
Wild Fight Around the
Town Plaza Arouses
Citizens.
The scheme is belns backed by Mrs.
Frank M. Wilson, president of the Town
and Gown Club: Mrs. Paget, Mrs. Alan
Freeman, Mrs. Pierce, Miss Wall and the
other prominent members of the club.
The civic section of the club is trying
to arrange for a joint Arbor day on De
cember 1 with the newly organized tree
planting club of Oakland. It purposes
to have the day a general holiday, so that
the school children and business men may
participate In the ceremonies.
Berkeley Office San Francisco C;
2143 Center Street. Nov. 8
Compulsory tree planting is the late
thing suggested by the Town and Gow
Club, Berkeley's exclusive woman's st
ciety. The ladles believe that an ordi
nance Is the only thing that will mak<
people beautify the streets and they pro
pose to ask the Board of Trustees at its
next meeting to take the matter up se
riously.
If a law Is passed by the Trustees re
quiring trees to be planted it will have
the effect of turning all Berkeley into one
great park. There may be doubt of the
validity of such a law but the Town and
Gown women are willing to back It until
It Is declared invalid by some court. ¦ It
will have been the first t'.nu- such a regu
lation has been tried and naturally there
will be some opposition. J
Great Demand for Home
Sites in Suburban
Districts.
During his enforced absence Mox Mox's
wife, following a custom approved by her
tribe, married the brother of Mox Mox.
When Mox Mox returned another tribal
law, permitting the divorce of couples un
der these circumstances, was put into
force and Mox Mox got back his former
wife. A few months after the adjustment
of his matrimonial difficulties a son was
born to Mrs. Mox Mox. Domestic trouble
followed and It is believed that In a tit of
anger the Indian shot the woman and set
fire to the house.
Less than two years ago Mox Mox was
in the party of prisoners that escaped
from Lewiston Jail by punching a hole in
the brick wall. Mox Mox was a Federal
prisoner. After roaming around the
country about five months he returned in
time to be tried and was sentenced to
McNeills Island. He was In that Federal
penitentiary for a little more than six
months.
SPOKANE. Wash., Nov. 8.— George
Mox Mox, an Indian chief, who has been
in considerable trouble around Lewiston.
Idaho, in tha last two years, is accused
of having mortally wounded his wife, aft
erward setting fire to the cabin and flee
ing to the mountains. The news is
brought from the camp by an Indian. Po
lice are now pursuing the alleged crimi
nal.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Town and Gown Womt
Back Ordinance on
Subject.
Redskin Accused of
Crime Takes to the
Mountains.
"Excuse me, Madame Patti. My name
is Kennedy, and I have a bill here for
$100 for services at the Cunard pier on
your arrival here."
"Don't detain me," said Madame Patti
In alarm, trying to shake bis hand from
her shoulder. "You must see my agents
about that: I know nothing about It."
Baron Cederstrom ran up to the little
group and, seeing his wife in an alterca
tion with a stranger, waited but to bear
her tell him to step aside and let her
pass and then struck the man a stagger-
Ing blow In the face. Kennedy fell back
and the Baron sprang at him. when, Ken
nedy turned and ran.
Baron Cederstrom carried a light cane.
With this he pursued his wife's annoyer
to the corner of Seventh avenue, getting
in several blows upon the man's shoul
ders before he escaped.
NEW YORK, Nov. 8.— Madame Patti
to-day ' departed for Chicago, carrying
with her the memory of a very unpleasant
incident In connection with her farewell
appearance in Manhattan. Baron Ceder
strom's recollection of the affair Is tem
pered by. the satisfaction of having
thrashed the prime mover in it.
Madame Patti drove up to the stage
door of Carnegie Hall last evening with
her husband. As the diva was about to
ascend the' steps a man who had been
hanging about for a half hour stepped in
front of her and held out a paper. The
man put his hand on her shoulder and
said:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Patti's Husband Fights
tyEan Who Annoyed
the Diva.
FRUIT AND NUTS
VALUABLE FOOD
WASHINTON, Nov. B.— The House of
Representatives will be called to order at
noon to-morrow by Alexander McDowell,
the clerk. 'The opening of Congress al
ways Is of sufficient interest to attract a
much larger crowd to the Capitol than
the galleries will accommodate, so ad
mission will be by. card, two being sup-,
plied to each member.' There will be the
usual floral displays to lend picturesque
ness to what necessarily will be a routine
proceeding. . "
The proclamation of the President con
vening ' Congress in extra session having
been : . read, prayer. will be offered by. the
chaplain, and then the roll will be called
by States.
Cannon, who has been selected for
Speaker, will be formally elected. After
the oath "of office is administered to him
by the "father of the House," a title be
stowed on the member who has seen the
longest continuous service, the Speaker
will administer the oath to the members
generally. The old officers of the House,
having been made the nominees of the
Republican caucus, will be re-elected and
sworn in. Speaker Cannon will appoint a
committee to Join a committee of the Sen r
ate to notify the President that a quorum
of the two houses has assembled and that
Congress is ready to receive any commu
nication he may desire to make.
After adopting resolutions agreed on in
the Republican caucus making the rules
of the Fifty-seventh Congress the rules
of the Fifty-eighth Congresß and fixing
an hour for the convening of the daily
sessions, the drawing of seats will take
place. The necessary preliminary work
having been disposed of, the session in all
probability will adjourn out of respect to
the memory of members who have died.
On Tuesday the House will listen to the
President's message. For the remainder
of the week little can be accomplished,
but it is understood to be the desire of the
House leaders that consideration of the
question of reciprocal trade with Cuba
be pushed as rapidly as possible.
It is said to be probable that the com
mittees of the House may be named at
this session, but it Is not likely that much
headway oan be made in the matter of
complete organization of the House with
in two or three weeks, and little' will be
attempted In the way of general legisla
tion until after complete organization has
been, accomplished.
Regular Committees May Be Named
During Extra Session.
HOUSE 7 PROGRAMME.
The horse was bleeding at the nose and
the owner immediately called the services
of Officers J. B. O'Connor and J. Collins
and had Ballard and Johnstone placed un
der arrest. On arrival at the Hall of Jus-
Uce Ballard started a row and nearly
laid out five officers before he was sub
dued and landed in the tanks. Both men
wore dressed in the height of fashion.
They gave their address as the Palace
Hotel. Later on. however, Ballard stat
ed that he resided in Berkeley and said
that he had played in Eome of the college
football teams. He wore a very costly
Delta Kappa Epsllon badge. He is the
son of a mining man who owns rich pros
pects in Tuolumne County. '
Frank M. Ballard and John Johnstone
appropriated Dan Sweeney's coupe last
night without the owner's consent and in
consequence they were both arrested and
taken to the City Prison and a charge of
cruelty to animals was lodged against
them. Ballard, who is a brawny fellow,
stated that he had been enjoying a con
vivial evening and that one of the mem
bers of his party had partly succumbed
to the effects of the joyousness of the
occasion, and at the corner of Geary and
Kearny streets it became apparent that
the services of some sort of transporta
tion were necessary. Sweeney's coupe be
ing convenient, Ballard lifted his friend
inside the vehicle and without waiting
for the driver he mounted the box and
drove up to Ellis street at a furious rate.
Sweeney was nearly paralyzed when he
found his outfit gone and swore dire ven
geance. He had hardly made up his mind
what action to take when with a great
clattering of hoofs Ballard hove in sight
with the rig.
F. M. Ballard and John Johnstone
Are Arrested for Cruelty to
Animals.
STOLE A COUPE AND
ABUSED THE HOBSE
POLICE PURSUE
AN INDIAN CHIEF
Meantime Morrissey had drawn a large
clasp-knife, and as Dinsmore turned to
see what he was going to do Morrissey
struck at him, and as he warded off the
blow thrust the long blade into Dlns
more'6 abdomen, inflicting a wound from
which the physicians cay he cannot re
cover. Morrissey tried to escape, but was
captured before he had gone a block.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 8.-As a result of
a quarrel over a small piece of tobacco,
A. E. Dinsmore, a teamster, was fatally
stabbed at First and San Pedro streets
to-night, and Tom Morrissey is under ar
rest charged with the crime..
According to an ante-mortem statement
made by the victim of the stabbing Mor
rissey, who was Intoxicated, had been try
ing to pick a quarrel with him. Morrissey
finally laid a small piece of tobacco on
the sidewalk, told Dlnsmore that he
thought more of the tobacco than he did
of him and that If he, Dinsmore, touched
that tobacco there would be trouble. He
dared Dinsmore to kick the tobacco, and
the latter sent It flying into the street
with his foot.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BARON THRASHES
BILL COLLECTOR
VIENNA, Nov. B.— The members of the
Vienna Medical Chamber, to which la en
trusted the professional control of the
doctors of the; city, have resigned In 'a
body as the result of a lon* fight between
the anti-Semite members / of the Landtag
of Count Klelmansegg, Governor of Low
er Austria, on one aide, and th© general
body of the Vienna professors and uni
versity professors on the other.
The conflict arose over the question of
vivisection, several members of the Land
tag accusing the doctors of contravening
the vivisection law In their experiments
on animals, and also alleging that the
doctors operated on poor patients, inocu
lating them with the germs of noxious
diseases.
The physicians declare that the whole
agitation comes from the anti-Semites,
wlfo are hostile to the scientists, a large
proportion of whom in Vienna are Jews.
The accident was caused by the driv
ing wheel of the engine mounting the
left rail on the trip in. Brakeman Dixon
was in the cab on the left side. Beside
him was Parker. On the right side stood
Engineer Hicks. When the engine raised
both Dlxon and Parker prepared to jump.
They waited too long, and landed on the
ground on the left side of the engine just
as the great locomotive tottered and
rolled over on her side. Both men were
caught beneath Its weight. The condi
tion of their bodies would indicate that
they died instantly.
The one injured man is J. L Hicks, the
engineer. His left arm Is fractured and
lie Is bruised about the body, but will re
cover.
SEATTLE, Nov. 8. — Two lives were
crushed out underneath the weight of
an engine of the Columbia and Puget
Sound Railroad this morning by the
overturning of the locomotive anid two
cars between Black Diamond and Frank
lin. The dead are:
FRANK DIXON. brakeman. married.
WALTER PARKER, fireman, a single
man.
HOODLUMS RIOT
AT SAN LEANDRO
A section man walking on the track,
however, shot at a man whom he saw
slouching along the right of way, but the
fellow disappeared In the timber, run
ning at full speed despite an order to
halt.
About ten days ago the general offices
In Chicago received a letter directing the
road to see that J100Q was thrown off No.
6, the Denver flyer, somewhere in Iowa on
Saturday night.
! Superintendent Slif er came to Des
Moines and • It was decided to, make the
appearance of acceding to the demand.
But a special was made up at Council
Bluffs to» follow No. 6, about ten minutes
and it bore armed men and bloodhounds.
The engineer of No. 6 was given the mon
ey to throw from his engine at the given
signal, the explosion of three torpedoes
under his side of . the machine. The tor
pedoes were not exploded. ,. ,
; To-day , i t was rumored , however, that
No. 5,^preceding No.* 6 a half -hour, had
exploded the torpedoes. This, or some
other new Information, resulted in reor
ganizing the special force of armed offi
cers which went out on a special from
Des Moines to. Dexter and then patrolled
the right-of-way between Earlham and
that town all night. Nothing developed,
however, and the men remained in the
timber watching for the criminals in
vain.
DES MOINES, la., Nov. 8,-The Rock
Island officials to-night sent out a second
special train bearing armed officers and
bloodhounds to Dexter, Iowa, In the hope
of capturing a gang of dynamiters. The
officers spent the night in the woods along
the right. of way between Earlham and
Dexter, but had no encounter with rob
bers'. 1
OAKLAND REALTY
MARKET ACTIVE
The new tonnage dues promulgated by
Viceroy Alexleff provide that non-Rus
sians must pay twelve times the dues
charged to Russian vessels.
The correspondent of the Dally Mall at
Tientsin cables the Russian Government
that the reoccupation . of Moukden was
made necessary because ( Japan was
menacing the province of Shinkin.
The Chefu correspondent of the Morning
Post says a Japanese steamer has been
detained at Port Arthur for entering the
port without having a pilot on board,
pilotage being now compulsory.
YOKOHAMA, Nov. 8.-It Is said In of
ficial circles at Toklo that the rumor that
negotiations between the Russians and
Japanese Governments had come to the
verge of a final settlement is misleading,
but that the Tokio Government is now
awaiting Russia's reply, which is due at
any moment, but which will only advance
the question of the Far Eastern difficulty
to another stage.
The reports of the resignation of Vice
roy Alexleff,. his change of headquarters
form Port Arthur to Vladivostok and the
dismantling of the fort at Yongampho are
all believed to indicate a temporary weak
ening of the Russian war party, but those
incidents also will further delay, a final
settlement. - ¦-..•«'
LONDON, Nov. 9.— The Daily Mail's
Tientsin correspondent says that news
has been received from Peking that the
Empress Dowager is preparing to leave
Peking for Kalfong, capital of the pro
vince of Honan, in ,• view of possible
trouble with Russia.
LAW TO COMPEL
TREE PLANTIN
Mrs. Roskowitz thought she was there
because of Illness only. To-day when she
learned that she was to be examined for
her sanity she watched her chance, and
while a nurse was not looking seized and
drank the poison and dl ed in ten minutes.
The woman was the wife of Solomon
Roskowitz, who is In fairly comfortable
circumstances. He is nearly 60 years old,
and his wife had stated that before- their
marriage he had mentioned that he pt?
sessed a fortune. After four months of
married life with him she left him and
refused to return. She applied to the Jew
ish Benevolent Association for assistance,
spurning her husband's money. Her trou.
bles unbalanced her mind, and she was
taken to the County Hospital Friday to
be treated for Insanity, and a complaint
was to have been Issued against her to
morrow.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 8.-Mra. Baka
Roskowitz, a pretty Polish Jewess, &>
years old, committed suicide to-day in
the County Hospital by swallowing: a pint
of formaldehyde. . ¦
The suicide was the culmination of do
mestic troubles and the failure during
only five months of married life with a
husband nearly thirty years her senior to
find life what she had expected and what
she had been promised before marriage.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Wednesday will be devoted largely to
the introduction of bills and on Thursday
there will be a -short legislative session,
anless discussion of the Panama situation
.s precipitated by the introduction of res
olutions asking for information. It is the
intention of Senator Morgan to introduce
resolutions on the subject and these may
be discussed under the rules on the day
following their presentation. The Repub
lican members of the Senate will inter
pose no objection to a discussion of the
Panama canal question, but it is not likei
ly that any action will be taken until
after the committees are appointed.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 8.— In the Senate
the first week of the extra session will be
devoted to the usual preliminaries.- The
programme for the week is to have four
brief sessions and an adjournment ' on.
Thursday until the following Monday.
To-morrow there will be the usual roll
call of Senators and the proclamation
calling .the extra session will be reed.
These will follow the appointment of a
committee to notify the President that a
quorum of the Senate has met and is
ready to receive any communication he
has to. make. On Tuesday the President's
message will be received and read. Ad
journment will follow its reading, as a
caucus of Republican Senators is to be
held in the afternoon.
Republicans to Caucus After
Reading of President's
Message.
Railroad Employes Jump
From a Cab, but Are
Killed.
Japan Denies the Story of
Her Settlement With
Russia.
Physicians Accused of Inoc
ulating Poor People With •
Noxious Germs.
Wielder of the Knife Tries
to Escape but Is
Caught.
Marital Woe Results in i
Sad Case of Self-
Destruction.
Hope to Capture Men Who
Tried to Blackmail
Company.
Trainmen Die Under the
Weight of a Fallen
Locomotive.
Report Current That
Empress Has Left '
. Peking.
Little Will Be Done Dur
ing First Week in
Senate. •¦ $
Los Angeles Teamster
Fatally Wounded
on a Street.
Serious Charges Made
by the Anti-Semite
Faction.
Rock Island Officials
Put Bloodhounds
on Trail.
Unhappy Young Wife
Commits Suicide in\
a Hospital. \
STABS A MAN
IN A QUARREL
DOWAGER FEARS
FROWN OF CZAR
ENGINE CRUSHES
OUT TWO LIVES
CONGRESS READY
TO BEGIN WORK
VIENNA DOCTORS
ARE AT OUTS
POSSE SEARCHING
FOR DYNAMITERS
DRINKS A PINT
OF THE P0ISON
THE SAN FB AKCISCO XJALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1903.
SYRACUSE, N.'Y.." Nov.' 1 8.— Arthur Jenkins
publisher < of i the Syracuse Herald, . died to-day
at West Baden. Ind... aged 02 years." - - * •>
'» LANCASTER."! Ohio. < Nov. . 8.— Four children'
playing with a can of nitro glycerine at I Bucks
Ilun ? to-day.'; struck ; tt ¦with - a \ stone ." and' ail
were kUledV7»|IS?S23KKI t££&mBBBB3xX£™F****
The blank cartridges -which caused over
400, deaths, from lockjaw in July. are made
by. one Canadian and four American man
ufacturears.; " ''k $y^~y:'-:i'::
?Waterman." "Regal 1 !.; arid '• "Marshall"
fountain. pens are the best lnHhe' world
for the money. Sanborn,- Vail & Co.; -741
Market; street, are. the selling: agents for
San Francisco, . \:r- .-•¦. - * .
"What did you find to be the most en
tertaining exhibit at the Paris Exhibi
tion?": "My husband's. exhibit* of Ameri
can French seemed to - entertain every
body'the most."— Chicago Tribune
NEW. YORK. : Nov.- 8. — John 'Alexander Dowie
held his final meeting In. New York'tn Carnegie
Hall to-nlKht, addressing, a rparse audience
which .= he characterized as "scrawny and mis
erable." • . . • % • • ' .-¦ ...
: COLON. Nov." 8.— Wild, rumors are in
circulation ? here j that the American and
other, foreign residents of Bogota are be
lng r , massacred. ' The rumors are not?con
firmed 'and; are looked upon as altogether
improbable. . " ' : , : : • - . .
4
POSTTJM CEREAL.
HARD ARGUMENTS
Coffee Uses Them Whether One Likes
or Not.
The 111 effects of coffee ar« present In
many coffee drinkers, but some people
pay no attention to the warning signals
like dyspepsia, insomnia, nervousness,
fluttering of the heart, etc., until coffee
finally uses a knockdown argument, which
means collapse on the part of the coffee
drinker.
"I am SO years old and have drunk cof-
fee since I c^n remember until four year*
ago, when I broke down completely with
nervous prostration and indigestion. I
simply cannot describe the agony I suf-
fered.
?'Doctor told me, he could not help me '
if I did not Uave coffee alone, so I bought
some Postum to give it a trial. At first I
did not know bow to make it and was dis-
appointed In the taste, but after reading
the directions on the package carefully
made It right, and then I thought it bet-
ter than coffee. At that time I weighed
140 pounds and now I weigh 185 pounds.
That's quite a gain, isn't it? I never have
indigestion now and the headaches are all
gone, and I am otherwise entirely well
a/id strong.
"1 never had any troubles that were not
due to drinking coffee, and these disap-
peared and health came In their place
when I shut oft coffee and drank Pos-
tum." Name given by Postum Co., Battle
Creek. Mich.
Look in each package for 'a copy of the
famous little book, "The Road to. Well-
They are new. and as they are
printed thousands of miles away
advance orders must be given in
ample time to insure non-readers
obtaining them. ¦
"AT THE OPERA" WILL BB
ISSUED NEXT SUNDAY.
The series in gold are UxU
Inches, reproduced In exact fac-
simile of the originals and have a
border 1^x3 inches In depth of rich
gold.
This collection of pictures by the
greatest interpreter of the Amer-
ican Girl type la beyond doubt the
strongest and most characteristic
of Mr. Bryson'* efforts and m*?k*
the full maturity of the artist's
power and his unique skill in de-
lineating character and his ability
to create types.
Four bewitching types of Amer-
ican girls by Bryson, reproductions
of this well-known artist's latest
work, aro now on the presses, so it
Is only a question of a short time
when they will be Usued FREE
with THE SUNDAY CALL.
Bryson's Bewitching "Ladies in
Gold.""Wonder and amazement showed in the
faces, of the wise bettors at Ingleaide
Coursing Park yesterday when Young
Klamath. despised and overlooked, beat
Sofala pointless.
Following are tho day's results, with
Judge Thomas Tierney's official scores:
Open stake, second round — Remlsso Anlmo
beat Don Pedro. 8-5; Haddlngton beat Ad
vance Guard, 13-4; Tyrone Prince, beat En
core, 7-4; Renal Attire -beat Linda Vista, 6-4;
Dorothy.; M -beat. Intruder. 11-5;- Fenii beat
Bob R, 7-6; ' Young America beat ¦ Daylight,
6-0; Roy Hughle beat Master a air, 4-2; Frank
Dunn beat Beauty Gold, ¦ 7-4; Cloverdale beat
Queen's Motto, 8-2; Money Musk beat Otto, 6-3;
Special beat Little Mercy, «-l; Conroy beat
Maid of Gowrte, 11-2; Cosette beat Doreen. 8-0;
Pure Pearl beat . Onward Maud, . 7-1 : Mount
Rose beat -Belfast. 7-S; Yankee Boy beat Gold
Lily, «-l; Boots beat • Jimmy Anthony, 23-2:
Reta 8 beat Northern Alarm, . 6-0; Viking beat
Lily Wright, ' 3-2 : Honest i. John beat Doe
Burns. ' fi-0; Full Moon ; beat Mountain Poet,
6-0; Colored Lady beat Roxana. 4-2; Toung
Klamath beat Sofala. 6-0.
,¦•- Third round — Remiss© Anlmo beat Hadding
ton. 10-8; * Regal • Attire • beat Tyrone , Prince.
15-4;F«nll beat Dorothy M, 6-0; Roy 'Hughle
beat '- Young \ America, 8-0; Cloverdale • beat
Frank Dunn, ; 11-5; - Special - beat Money Musk.
8-2; Conroy. beat Cosette, 3-2: Mount Rose beat
Pure ' Pearl, - 10-fl; Beta •¦8- beat ¦ Yankee : Boy,
4-1;. Viking beat Boots; 6-4 ;' Full Moon beat
Honest John,- 6-0; Young Klamath beat ¦ Col
ored Lady. 8-3. ¦-¦¦' :'¦ -"*' •¦¦¦ ¦¦ -* -¦'.¦¦-•;¦¦ ¦-. "¦'¦•..
Fourth round — Remlsso* Anlmo beat Fenll,
0*4;. Roy Hughle beat Regar Attire. 7-1; CTot
erdale beat Special, 5-3; Mount Rose beat Con
roy,'6-5;-Viking > beat Reta, 8, 4-1; Full Moon
beat Young Klamath, 5-0.' ¦ . - - - -
¦; -Fifth' round— Roy Hughle beat Remisso ' An
lmo. 5-3; Mount Rose beat Cloverdale, -8-6;
Full ' Moon ' beat Viking,': 8-0.
. Sixth > round— Roy • Hughle ' beat Mount ¦ Rose,
6-2; Full! Moon a bye.'; , '" •¦¦'¦:.. ¦¦ • ; .
" -" Deciding >"¦¦• course— Full .»• Moon ¦/ . beat C Roy
Jlurhle, .11-8., •.,.-» ,-•;,. . .-.:.. ¦ .*,
Young Klamath Shows Bemarkable
Speed, Shutting. Sofala Out
- Without a Point.
Company F. First Infantry Regiment, N.-G
C, " annual priae shoot— Captain J. F. Eggert
43, 1 Lieutenant H. G. | Stlndt 41, Lieutenant - J.
A. McCarthy 34. Sergeant C. - Wllmarth 41, Ser
geanf L. . Rey 42. . Sergeant C. ; Chester 32.- Ser
geant ' V. Branch 87, Corporal G. Bruckner 18 ;
Corporal J. Sevey 30, Corporal ¦ H. Mangels 32,
Corpora!" M. Gans .25, Musician E. D. Martini
43, Musician L. J. Cereghlno 46. G. fit. - Clair
26, ' C- Baddley • 10, . A:r; Pearson 7,' J. Rapp 21,
C W. Mitchell 24.' A." Kern 28,- M. DunnlS.
L_ Boitano21: C- Hoyt 11, A.Hagens 27, S.
Carcass . 7, ' A.*- Slmmonds 26, T.n Franseri 1<5, M.
Davis 14. J. Salinger 30," O.'. Ackerman 13, »>W.
Strickland 25, " C. L, Mitchell -. 36, \ L- Cabanskl
2«.*F. Christopbe 30/ C- Wehr 36, i. • Rellly, 25 5
II.. Dorothy, 18.. 'a 5 : .\.V':-;.'X^> ¦<->/' ,~^w
ALAMEDA, Nov. 8.— Three to three was
the way the score stood when the referee's
whistle sounded the end of tho game
played between the Occidentals and the
Pickwicks of the California Association
Football : League to-day on the Webster
etreet field In Alameda. The match was
evenly contested. . Although the Occi
dentals were short one man In the second
half because of an Injury to little Wein
fttock, one of their forwards, they pluck
lly managed to keep the Pickwicks from
scoring In that Inning and tied the game
by making a groal themselves. Two of the
goals credited to the Occidentals were
made by Captain V. Holden, who put up
a scientific and heady game. His brother,
P. Holden, scored the third goal for the
Occidentals/ V Captain of J; the
Pickwicks showed his men and opponents
how association football should be played.
The teams. were made up of:
Occidentals— -Chlerers. ¦' Bowden. McCarthy.'
Hayes. Lloyd, '' Smith, • F. Holden, Condon, V.
Holland. Welnstock, Dixon. -
• Pickwicks — Williamson, Walker, Rushton,
Douglas, Oakes, ;., Faber, > Robinson, - Waters,
Shedden, W. Bowcock, Warren. ,
O. ,Ennls 20. H.'Ford' SJ>, T. F. Hilder 26. 1>.
Maxon 19. F. Maxon 1«. J. J. Hardle 3», O.
Craemer S3, C. H. Carcass 44. O. Welk 43. R.
R. Henderson 20. J. Martin . 28. J. Openshaw
33, C. McKeon 24, C. L. O'Donnell 20, Musician
W. 'Williams 85. E.:KilcllriG 13. - •
Occidentals Tie Pick-wlcks.
NEWCOMER SURPRISES i .
TALENT AT INGLESIDE
German SWp Wilkommen Arrives.
SEATTLE. Wash., Nov. 8.— The Ger
man chip Willkommen, Captain FTeere,
f everal times reported wrecked or foun
dered, has arrived at Port Townsend, IK
days out from Hamburg for this port,
with a cargo of cement.
SEATTLE WINS HANDILY.
SACRAMETTTO, Nov. 8.— Th« Senators were
all (hot to pieces In to-day's ram* and in con
eequence they were easy for Hughes, who, al
though wild at times, held them at his merry.
Townsend was out of the rame with a sprained
wrist. Egan received word of the serious illness
of his father, and HUdebrand had not recov
ered from tha dos« of f?aa he received Satur
day night. Knell and Fltxgerald had to nil out
the outfield to make, ends meet. Keefe twirled
a rood game, but had poor support at times
and the 8eattles won In a tralk. Score:
Sacramento — Seattle — '
A. R. H. P.A. AB. R. If. P.A.
Doyle, «s 4 1 0 3 3 Iximly.cf 4 2 2 10
Casey. 2b 4 0 2 ft 1 Mohler,2b 0 10 2 4
McLen.lf 2 0 0-4 O Bmlth. rf 40100
rhPhrUb 3 0 13 2 Braehr.lb 4 0 1 17 0
Graham. c 3 0 0 2 3 Elnssar.lf 3 1 1 1 ft
Horan.lb 4 0 0 6 .1 Jn.«n(r,..1b .1 112 3
Knell, cf 4 0 0 1 O.lJolan. as 4 1 1 1 2
Ke*fe, p 4 O 9.0 2Byers. c 3 0 0 3 O
Fltwrld.rf 3 1 1 0 2jHughes,p 2 1 .0 0 7
Totals. 31 '2 4 24 16| Totals. 27 7 7 27 16
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. '
' Sacramento 1 0 00 1 00 0 0 — 2
Base hits 2 1 0 0 1 00 0 O— 4
Seattle 2 0 2 0 0 0'3.0 x— 7
Bate bits .... 1 0 1 0 • 0 3 2 x— 7
SUMMART.
Errors — Eheehan, Graham, Knell, Hrashear.
Dolan. Hughes. Three-base hit — Lumley. Sac
rifice hltfc — McLaugbUn, Mohler. * First base on
errors — Sacramento 2: Seattle 1. First base
on called balls — Off Keefe 6; 'Off Hughes 5.
Left on bases — Sacramento 8; Seattle 3. Struck
out— By Keefe 2: by Hughes 3. Double play —
Keefe to Graham to Sheehan. Time — One hour
and forty-five - minutes. . Umpire — O'Connell. .
The Morning Game.
San Francisco should have won the moraine
Kanie if base hits count tor anything, but they
did not always produce runs for the locate.
They landed for thirteen hits to nine for tn«
Brownies, but tbe tatter always managed to
come through with tfielrs at the right moment.
The score:
Portland— I San Francisco—
f AB. R. H. P. A. I A.B R. H. P. A.
VanBn.ef 3 0 11 0Shay.ua . 3 O 2 1 2
And.xn.2b S O 1 3- 2 Meany.rf 4 O 3 1 •
Nadeau. If 4 O 1 0 0 Irwin. 3ii 4 ft 1'13
Fremn,lb 4 2 1 11 OiKnig. cf 3 1 \ 5 O
Blk.3d. rf 2 1 0 0 BXynch. U 4 0 1 2 0
Francs,3d 10 0 0 O'Pabst. lb 4 0 1 7 »
Hlswh.M 4 12 2 4(Delm9.2d 4 113 0
Clrk. rf-e 2 1 1* 2 OiZeaxTs.c 4 0 2 4 1
McFar, p 3 0 1 0 2 Unds'y.p 3 1 O 0 1
Shea, C..3015O1 — —
f Totals. S3 3 12 24 7
Totals. 31 5 9 24 13'
RUN'S AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Portland 0 310 10 0 0—5
hits 1320300 1—0
Ban Francisco .... 00001 002—3
Base hits 2 0 112 2 1 3—12
Stolen base* — Irwin (2).' Freeman. Blake.
Krrors — HoUingsworth. Clark. Anderson.
Three-base hits — Shea, Zearfoss. Two
base hits — Holllnssworth. Meaner. Sac
rifice hit — McFarlan. First bas« on error —
Ban Francisco 1. . First base on called ball.*—
Off McFarlan 2; off Ltndsey 5. Left on basest-
Portland 9: San Francisco 8. Struck out—
By McFarlan S: by Lindscy 2. Hit by pitcher
— Van Buren. Double plays — Holltngsworth to
Freeman: HoUingsworth to Anderson to Free
man, Passed ball — Clark. Time of rtme—
On* hour and flfty-flve minutes. Uaaptr*—
Levy.
*Oam« called at end of eighth Inatuc en ae>
count of time allowance.
Hornets Are Defeated.
OAKLAND, Nov. 8.— The San Francisco
Independents defeated the Oakland
Hornets at association football this after
noon at Idora Park by a score of 2 to 0.
The- first half was well contested and ex
citing, although the Independents scored
their two points then. In tbe second half
the ball grew flabby and th» men did not
try aa hard as In tbe beginning.
Thomas 'Fay played the best game for
the Independents and he made both goals.
Forest, Chambers and Conception sus
tained the brunt of the battle for the
Hornets. The teams were made up of:
Independents — Forbes. Mechels. Lynch,
Owens, Smith, Nolan, Ellis, E. Fay, Arter, T.
Far. Hussell.
¦ Hornets — Williamson, Shand. W. Pomeroy,
Chalmers, Bird. Hunter. Taylor. Foreat, E.
Pomroy, Cowell. Conception.
In the second . period the Thistles de
fended the north goal. Soon after the
ball had been put Into play the Thistle
forwards put the ball between the posts
from, a scrimmage. Three more goals
were scored by the Thistles before time
was called, making the score: Thistles,
10 goals; Albion Rivers, 0. The Thistle
forwards had all the best of the play,
Lydon in particular delighting the spec
tators by his tricky footwork. The teams
lined up: • .
Thistles. Positions. Albion Rovers,
Lowe.... Goalkeeper Moran
Forrest.. Right back Robertson
Tlerney. ; . Left back. .Lancaster
McGregor........ Rlgh half back Smith
Rinboul ........... Center half back A. Orton
Taylor l*ef t half back Bayne
Smith Inside right Gillchreet
R. Dtsher.. Outside right. .......Bradley
T. Lydon.'..* Center forward E. Orton
T. Dlsher........ Inside left Mathieson
A. Disber. Outside left Churchill
The kick-off took place at 10 o'clock
and for the early part of the first period
the play was even, the Thistles having
only ten men on the field. As soon as the
Thistle team was complete goals came
rapidly. At the end of the first half the
score stood: Thistles, 6 goals; Albion
Rovers, 0.
The Thistle eleven won an easy victory
over the Albion Rovers In the second
match for the championship of the Cali
fornia Association Football League yes
terday on the Presidio athletic grounds
in this city. Although the losers played a
plucky game they had no chance against
the excellent team work and short pass
ing of the Thistle eleven. The Alb.'on
Rovers also lacked a good goalkeeper, as
fully half of the shots made by the
Thistle forwards might have been kept
out by a really competent player.
Shell Mound Pistol and Rifle Club, monthly
bullseye shoot — W. Paulson. .06; 8.. Holmes,
.07%: H. Nelson, .08; L. V. Frates. .10^4; L.
Siebe, .13; W. glebe. .17%; J. Cobby, .21; W.
J. Nelson, '.SO; H. Wobber. . 35; H.. Skinner,
.40«4i F. .fitolte. .42%; O. Paulsen. .43*4; M.
Lutjen, .45%; C. . Pries, .46%; D. Guild, >.48;
W. W. Thompson, .49; H. Kofed, .63; L. R.
Murphy," .65; F. W.' Dubols^.eiU; H.. Wind
miller, .67%.
Company A, First Infantry, N. G. C., month
ly medal contest — Captain George - T. Balllnger
41, Ueutenant F. Bertrand 40, Lieutenant J.
G. Etahl 38. Hergeant F.* McCarthy. 34, Sergeant •
J. J. Brady 3C, Sergeant James Reilly S9. Ser
geant J. Murphy 40, Corporal M. J. Duffy . 37.
Corporal J. MUrdock 26, Corporal J. O"Hara 38,'
Corporal A. R. Dunnlgan 36,r J. D. Page 81,
J. J. Hubbert 0/ Musician M. 8. Keller 28,- R
Germanla Schuetzen Club, monthly medal
ehoot — First champion clans. Otto Bremer, 225;
second champion class, William Blasse, 224;
first clas*. D. Salfleld. 206; second class. Wil
liam Goetze. 217; third class, A. Schaefer, 177.
Bert first shot, M. F. Blasse, 25; - best last
(¦hot, D. B. Faktor. 25.
Competition shoot — Herman Huber, 226; F.
E. Mason. 223; William Goetse, 219; Otto
Bremer. /2I5; Charles Thierbach, 212; D. B.
Faktor. 205.
Norddeutscher Bchuetzen Club, monthly
bullne.ve shoot — D. Schlnkel 278, F. Koch 302,
William Doell 419, H. Meyer 665, J. Lanke
nau 671, Herman Huber 719, D. Salfleld 827,
F. C. Rust 876. Georra H. Bahrs 978, John
de Wit 1081. Otto Lemcks 1208. ' • • s
Independent Rifles, monthly, medal : shoot —
F. Khohay 21, Lieutenant H. Bchlichtmann 68,
G. KellenbPreer 41, Sergeant C. Andrews 66,
JC W. Wlchrowsky 34. C. II. .Kornbeck 53,
C. Schilling 46, Sergeant C. Iverson 47, W.
Ooetjen 26. W. Wurzbach 41. H. Goetjen 42
Al Mayer &4, Sergeant H. Legge 30.
Turkey ehootlnsr— F. E. Mason 66, 0. A.
nremer 60, Al Gehret 65, Max Koland<»r 63,
D. B. Faktor 64. J. H. Trego W. B. Jonas 64.
OeorKe Tammeyer <33. O. Armstrong 63. F. P.
Schunter ttS. C. M. Henderson 6t». Colonel Hel
loes 58. P. A. Becker F. Far 57. J. E.
Gorman 67. A. Tho«le 57. M. J. White 57.
Pistol club trophies— G. E. Frahm 03, G.
Armßtronfc fi9, M. J. White 89, Charles Becker
M, R. Cap 80. B. Jonas 75, A.Thod* 70. Pis
tol re-entry mateh — O. E. Frahm 03. «3, 92;
\V. C. Trichard 91. G. ArnwtronK 87,' R. Cap
83. Charles Becker £2. Revolver club trophies
— J. E. Gorman 00. J. Kullrnan 85. W. C.
Prlchard 82, F. Kruckel 73, F. Fay 73, Wil
liam F. Blaese 73. Revolver re-entry mateh —
P. A. Becker. 84. 68. 83. 89. 85. 83. 8«, 84;
F. Kruckel. 71; J. Kullman. 83. 86: W. F.
niar.ti>. 84, SO; J. R. TreßO. 83. 75, 87. M; M.
J. "Whit*. 84. 85; Dr. Smith. 81; J. E. Gorman,
»4. 91, 90.
San Francisco Schuetzen Verein monthly
medal and annual turkey shoot: Medals —
Champion highest ezore, August Pape, 448;
champion medal, not filled; first class, not
filled; second class, William Goetze, 401; third
class, H. Meyer, 400; fourth class. J. Beuttler,
375; best first shot. Captain John Thode, 24;
best last shot. D. Huntemann, 24. Turkeys —
Aug-uet Pape 69, J. W. Go«tz« 67. F. Schuster
C7, K. Wertheimer 67, D. Salfleld (55, F. Koch
63, Lieutenant H. Htrlling <!2. Captain John
ThodA 01, William Ehrenpfort til, Charles
Oldag 61.
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, monthly
competition: Gold medal— F. E. Mason. 218;
G. Armfstronc, 209. 208; William Ehrenpfort.
14S. Silver m«Jal— F. Klatze. 1«1. Medal
bars— W. K. Blass«. 225; M. F. Blasse. 222.
205, 206, 204: Max Kolander. 198, 201. 200, 202.
Club trophy — C. M. Henderson 210, A. Gehret
21$, F. E. Mason 215, W. F. Blasse 212,
George Tammeyer 212, D. B. Faktor 211, AV.
Burkholder 210. Max Kolander 200. Emll
Woenre 192. R. Mayrhorer 179, A. Apthorp*
13S, E. C. Cordell 119. Re-entry match — C. M.
Henderson 219, Al Gehret 221, G. Armstrong
208. 20«; D. B. Faktor 209, E. Woenne 211,
Frank H. Bremen 203, 18*.
The Shell Mound Park rifle range was
thronged yesterday with marksmen. The
event of the day proved to be the wind
up of the exciting competition in progress
during the year to capture the handsome
gold medal presented by Captain L. Siebe
to the members In the Norddeutscher
Schuetzen Club who would make the best
three bullseyes of the year. As yesterday
was the final shoot the members who
were in the lead made strenuous efforts
to capture the trophy. Herman Huber,
one of the best of riflemen, was the lucky
winner by the good scores of 185, 159 and
238, the total of the three scores measur
ing- but a trifle over a half-inch from a
true center.
The San Francisco Schuetzen Verein
sent over 110 members to the range to
compete In medal and turkey shooting.
The of 448, made by August Pape
in his medal 6tring, was the highest of
the club. The day's scores:
HUBER CAPTURES
THE SIEBE MEDAL
THISTLES WIN
EASY VICTORY
Open stake, 64 entries — Old Ironsides beat
Brilliancy. 0-4; Tralee Boy beat Amandan, 3-1;
Gunpowder beat Rocklin Uoy, 9-4; Mickey Free
beat Reckless Acrobat, 10-4; Renegade Apache
beat Tricksy, 8-0; Klttleman beat Imperious.
«-4: Shadow beat Minnie Horean, 14-5; Red
Rock beat Donnybrook. 3-0: Gambit beat Cuban
ola,8-4;The Referee a bye, Richard Anton.with
drawn; Melrose beat Flora Temple, 4-3; Blur
Craig beat Sir Pasha. 15-11: Prairie Maid beat
Rich Argosy, 8-6; Wild Norah beat lone Hill,
4-1; Rock and Rye beat Anchor, 4-3; Mcllenry
a bye. Rocker Arm withdrawn: Charter Mem
ber beat Greenhall, -7-3; Game Boy beat Young
Johnny Rex. »-": Rapid . Water beat Master
Davenport. 4-0; Cash beat Black Bart, 8-3;
Belle Free beat Sempronlus, 13-3; Adams beat
Ragtime, 4-0; Ragged Actor beat Mike Rice,
0-7; Free From Flaw beat Thelma, 4-2; Vandal
beat Reno. 5-4; Qu'.ta beat America, 7-2; In
time beat N lobe, 21-16; Articulat* beat Harvey
M, 4-0; Bnapper Garrison beat Magic Stuff,
6-0; Bonnie Pasha beat White Mystery. 5-1;
Luxury a* bye. Gold Ore withdrawn; Rural Art
ist beat Fair Gl*n. 8-1.
Second round — Tralee Boy beat Old Ironsides.
8-4; Mickey Free beat Gunpowder. 8-1; Rene
gade Apache beat Klttleman. 5-0; Red Rock
beat Shadow, 14-6; Gambtt beat The Referee,
8-0; Melrose beat Blue Craig. 12-2; Wild No
rah beat Prairie Maid. 6-0; Charter Member
beat Rock and Rye. 12-5: Game Boy beat Mc-
Henry, 13-4;. Rapid Water beat Cash, 26-2;
Belle Free beat Adonis, 20; Ragged Actor
beat Free From Flaw, 4-2; Quita beat Vandal.
4-3; Articulate beat Intime. 6-0; Snapper Gar
rison beat-Bonnie Pasha. 8-2; Luxury beat Ru
ral Artist. 3-2. v
Third round — Tralee Boy beat Mickey Free.
5>-3; Renegade Apache a bye. Red Rock with
drawn: Melrose- beat Gambit, »-8; Charter
Member beat Wild Norah. 10-2; Belle Free
beat Game boy, 7-2;, Ragged Actor beat Rapid
Water. !M; Qulta beat Articulate, 0-2; Bnapper
Garrison beat Luxury. 16-3.
Fourth round— 'Renegade Apache beat Tralee
Boy. 5-4; Charter Mem{»er beat Melrose, 6-1;
Belle Free beat . Ragged Actor, 5-0; - Qulta j a
bye Bnapper Garrison withdrawn.
. Fifth round — Charter Member beat Renegado
Apache. 4-8; Belle Free beat Qulta, 15-6.
Deciding course — Charter Member beat Belle
Free. 8-2.
George Nethercott's greyhound, * Char
ter Member, by Rocker-Little Wonder,
which ha* Just graduated from the puppy
class, won the open stake cleverly yes
terday at Union Coursing Park. He de
feated Belle Free In the deciding course
and proved himself one of the most prom
ising greyhounds on the coast.
Judge Andrew Dean's official scores:.
Although Just Out of the Puppy Di
vision He Wins Open Stake at
Union Park.
CHARTER MEMBER PROVES
A GREYHOUND OF CLASS
Uncle Hank was lust about ready to say a
few nice things about himself and Invite hU
friends to take souk thing in honor «f the se
ries that the bome baseball slurgers were Ann
to win. It looked all right till yesterday, when
the Brownies started to break up the winning
combination. They won at Oakland, 4 to .;.
Not content with that they made it even worse
at Recreation Park, 3 to 0.
Jake Tblelman performed as ha was never
known to perform at the Eighth-street lot be
fore. His record was one of tbe most remark
able made by any pitcher in the league this
season. Not only did he blank the Natives.
but he allowed them only one scratchy hit and
walked one man. Lynch got the hit and the
base on balls, a remarkable coincidence.
San Francisco— I Portland —
AB.R.H. P.A.I - AB.R.H. P. A.
Shay. s.. 4 O O 4 l.VBurn.ef S 1 2 2 O
Meany.rf 4 O O 1 0iAndsn.2b h 1 2 1 1
Irwin. 3b 4 O O 1 3|Nadaa,lf 5 O O 2 O
Kru*. cf. 3 0 O 8 0Fremn.lb 3 O 2 17 O
Lynch, If 2 0 1 5 o' Blake, rf 4 0 0 2 O
Pabst, lb 3 0 0 8 2 Fracs. 3b 4 12 0 3
Delmj,2b 3 0 0 0 2 Hlngsw.s 4 O I O «
Z«arfs.c. 3 O O 2 1 Clark.c. 4 0 2 3 »
Iberg. p.. 3 O O 0 2 Thlmn. p 3 1 2 0 « .
Totals. 20 O l*2ti 111 Totals. m> 4 13 27 IS
•Nadeau out — hit by batted ball.
RUNS AXD HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland 0 0 0 10 0 2 1 0—4
Base hits 0 0 1113 4 2 1— 1.1
San Francisco... .0 0 <? O O o O 0 o— o
Base nits O 1 O J> 0 0 O O 0 — X
Stolen base — Van Buren. Errors — Freeman.
Irwin. Francis. Lynch, Shay. Two-base nits-
Anderson. Thlejman. First base on errors—
San Francisco 1. Portland 2. First baae en
called balls — Off Iber? 1. off Thielman t.
Left on baaea — San Francisco 3. Portland 8.
Struck oui — By Iber? 1. by Tnlelmaa 3. Dou
ble play — Irwin to Delmas to Pabst. Tim« of
game — 1 hour and 40 minutes. Umpire — tiers'.
BROWNIES LAND TWICE.
BARNEY OLDFIELD. WITH THE INEVITABLE CIGAR, SHOWING HIS ATTITUDE AT THE WHEEL OF HIS
"BULLET No. 2." EN WHICH HE MADE A REMARKABLE SHOWING YESTERDAY AT INGLESIDE— OTHER
CARS WHICH COMPETED.
The Smith brothers were "owe 4-6" and
showed their ability in handicap events
by winning all three matches easily.
The new team met Will Allen and Dr.
Hill, the winners of the first event, and
won all the way. In the first set the los
ers, through a mistake, were given a
handicap of "owe 2-«." In the second set
they received odda of but "owe 1-6," their
proper handicap. After the first three
games the Smith brothers led throughout.
In all their matches most of the balls
were played to Chester, but he was little
behind his brother in v point of skill. They
got the balls back longer than their op
ponents and won on superior steadiness.
Dr. Lovegrove and W. S. Dole reached
the semi-finals without playing a match.
They drew a bye and in the next round
got a default from Beyfuss and McAfee.
The tournament by rounds is as fol
lows:
Preliminary round— Ray B. Connell and Ray
Spllvalo <:t-t»> beat Edwin Robblna and B.
Spring (30), 6-2, 6-2; Grant Smith and Ches
ter Smith (owe 4-6) beat Bradley Wallace and
Daniel Volkmann (30), 6-1. 6-3; Will Allen and
Dr. Hill (owe 2-6) beat George Meuller and
8pencer Grant (15 3-6). 9-7, 0-4; Frank Mitch
ell and Drummond MacGavin (owe 15) beat
Frank Strineham and Sidney Salisbury (owe
2-6) 3-6 6-2. 10-8: Herbert Schmidt and Harry
Rolfe (scratch) beat A. W. Worthlngrton and
W. F Bull (16 1-6). 6-4. 6-4: Alex Deyfuas and
Harry McAfee (IS 1-6) beat Herbert Long and
C. G. Kuehn (3-6). 6-4. 6-4
First round — Cornell and Spllvalo (3-6) beat
Dr Noble and G. W. Burnett (30), 6-0. 6-2;
Smith and Smith (owe 4-«) beat Allen and
Hill (owe 2-6), 6-3. 6-3; Schmidt and Rolfe
(scratch) beat Mitchell and MacGavin (owe
15) 6-2. 6-4; W. S. Dole and Dr. Lovesrore
beat Beyfuss and McAfee by default.
• Semi-final round — Smith and Smith (owe 4-6)
beat Cornell and Spllvalo (3-6). 6-2. 6-3;
Schmidt and Rolfe (scratch) beat Lovejrove
and Dote (15 2-6). 6-4, 6-a ¦£,' . „
Finals— Smith and Smith (owe 4-€) va,
Schmidt and Rolfe (scratch) next Sunday.
Fourteen tennis teams competed for the
new challenge cup yesterday on the Cal
ifornia Club courts. It was a handicap
doubles event and brought out some clev
er work. At the end of the day's play
but two teams were left in the competi
tion. They are Harry Rolfe and Herbert
Schmidt and the Smith brothers— Chester
and Grant.
Both of these teams won their matches
without losing a set and a great match
should result when they come together
next Sunday.
Schmidt and Rolfe, with odds of "over
13" from Drurnmond MacGavin and Frank
Mitchell, were thought to have little
chance of winning. They beat the scratch
team easily, having a big. lead la both
sets.
HANDICAP TENNIS
PROVES EXCITING
Handicap, free-for-all — More, Pierre Denrnet
first: Franklin, F. Fowler, second; White, H
D. Ryus. third. Time, »:27 3-5.
Five-ratio handicap, for motor cycle* — Mon
tle Fink first, Thomae A. White second. II.
Swanton third, A. H. Sampson fourth.. Time
of winner, 12:26. White, from scratch made
the distance in 7:56.
Free for all. 10 mile*— Barney Oldfleld first,
H. D. Ryi's did not Anlsh. Oldfleid broke the.
track record, making a mile In 68 seconds and
ten miles in J»:M.
Gasoline car race, R5-hor« l *po'w*r and under —
Tolde©, W. E. Paundorp operator, first; Frank
lin. W. F. Winchester operator, second;
Franklin. R. Fowler operator, third. Time,
8:25 4-5.
Race for rteam cars — H. D. Ryus first. Wal
ter Grothe second. Time, 7:23 2-R.
Special novelty rare, two miles, for gasoline
touring cam with passengers — George Fuller
first. Pioneer CV>mpany second and Barney
Oldfleld third. Time, 3:R7 4-5.
The injured lad was placed in an auto
mobile and taken to the Park Emer
gency Hospital, where he was examined
by Dr. Boscowitz. It was found, although
badly lacerated about the face and bodyi
he had escaped serious Injury. The doc
tor who attended him feared the lad's
spine had been injured, but the partial
paralysis of the limbs was evidently due
to shock. The boy was able to converse
and after being In the hospital for an
hour he eat up and moved his limbs. He
was detained at the hospital for observa
tion. Summary of the races:
Special novelty race, two miles, auto-cars —
W \V. Kverett first, W. B. Powers second and.
Walter Morris third. Time, 4:4£&.
Five-mile open event— W. Grothe first, II. D.
Ryu* second and W. E. Eaunders third. Time
of winner, 6:30 4-5.
Ryus had shut off the steam and his
car was slowing down, but it was still
polng at a fast clip when it ran Into
Reilly. The boy was thrown a number
of feet and was picked lip by a policeman.
Ryus had a narrow escape from colliding
with the track fence.
Joseph Reilly, a lad 14 years of age. re
siding with his parents at 723 Laurel
avenue, was knocked down and Injured
by an automobile driven by H. D. Ryus
ju3t after the end of the final race. Ryus
was driving a White steam touring car
and finished at a fast gait. As soon as
the race was declared ended by the
judges a crowd of people started to cross
the track from the Inner field despite po
lice warning.
George P. Fuller, the crack Olympic
Club cyclist, who.hss developed Into an
expert, ran away from Oldfield In the
novelty touring car race. Fuller showed
consummate ekill in handling his machine
and won the admiration of the champion.
The race between the White machines,
handled by H. D. Ryus and W. Grothe,
was an Interesting feature cf the day.
First one led and then the other, and
when the fifth mile was nearly finished
both chauffeurs were even up. They came
down the homestretch at terrific speed,
both crossing the line almost even. A
shout went up that it was a dead heat,
but the judges decided that Grothe had
won by one-fifth cf a second.
BARNEY OLDFIELD again proved
himself the hero and the central
figure at the automobile races
held at Ingleside track yesterday
¦' afternoon under the auspices of
the Automobile Club of California. He nav
igated his 120-hors<?-power gasoline racer
"Bullet No. 2" around the track at less
than a mile a minute for ten miles, shat
tering the record he made on the previous
day. His time for the third mile was 56
seconds, one-fifth of a second outside the
American record he established on the
Empire City track. By making this time
Oldfleld won the $100 prize offered by L. P.
Lowe if he beat 5S 4-5 seconds.
Oldfield"s performance was sensational
in the extreme. The spectators breath
lessly watched the daring motorist steer ¦
his phantom car within a foot of the
fence. With consummate skill Oldfield
drove the machine at high speed and In
passing the Judges' stand at sixty miles i
an hour cooly waved his hand as a signal
that he was after the record. His per
formance was one that once seen will
never be forgotten. It was an exhibition
of nerve and skill seldom equaled In any
competition. Oldfield likes the Ingleside
track and will strive in a day or two to
beat the record he established in New
Tork.
Remarkable Racing on
the Ingleside
Track.
Two-base hit* — Cravatb. Hoy. Stolen bases
Hoy. Errors— Wheeler, Smith. Mosktman.
First baa« on errors — Oakland 2. Los Angeles
1. First ba.«« on called balls — Oft McKay 2.
Struck out — By Newton 6. by McKay 1. Left
on bases — Los Anrelea 6. Sacrifice hits — Spies.
Cravath. Double play* — Wheeler to Dillon:
Dillon (unassisted). Time of game — 1 hour
and 20 minutes. Umpire — McDonald.
Lo« Angeles O 0 0 2 0 0 0* X— 3
Base hits.. O 2 1 2 O 1 1 1 x— S
Oakland 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0— O
Base bits 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0— <J
SUMMARY.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 8.— Dr. Newton,
the bijr left-handed pitcher of the Los
Angeles team, pitched a phenomenal
game against Oakland this afternoon. Ho
shut them out without a hit or a run,
gave no bases on balls, hit no one with
a pitched ball and struck out five. It was
probably the most remarkable* pitching
feat ever seen on the coast, and certainly
was the limit for the season. The Oak
land batters were given life- on first base
through errors by Wheeler and Smith,
but they failed to reach second. Not a
single Oakland player was left on bases.
McKay's brand of pitching would have
won most games, as ho scattered the
eight hits made by the locals along:
six innings. Los Angeles scored the only
runs made In the fifth on hits by Ro.«s
and Raymond and Moskiman's error.
Raymond's batting and fielding were
features of tho game. Eager was hit by a
foul tip and suffered a badly split finger.
It is said by the best baseball authority
in this city that Newton's feat has never
been equaled and that It establishes a
new record in the baseball world. There)
have been other no-hit games pitched,
but to-day's was the first on record
where there were no base* on l-alls and
no one left on bases. The gaixre that
comes the nearest to Newton's fca* was
pitched by Rube Waddell. also a l«tt
hander and formerly a member of tho
Los Angeles team. /Waddell, however,
gave two bases on balls and consequently
two men were left on bases.
Los Angeles — j Oakland —
AB. R. H. P. A. ! . AB. R. H. P. A.
Hoy, cf.. 4 0 2 1 O.OHara.cf 3 0 0 10
Whelr,2b 4 0 0 3 4 Mskian.s 3 0 0 3 4
Smlth,3b 3 0 0 2 1 Murdk.rf 3 0 0 2 O
DUloa,lb 4 1 O12 l|Schwz.2b 3 0 O 1 B
Cravth.rf 3 O 2 2 0 KniKer.lf 3 O O 2 O
Ross. H.. 3 111 0;Msrly. lb 3 O » 11 (»
Rymnd.» 3 O 3 O l!Devrx.3b 3 0 O 2 t
Easrer, c. O O 0 1 0' Gorton, c 3 0 0 2 I
Spies, c. 2 0 0 4 1 McKay, p 3 0 0 0 2
Newton,p 3 0 0 12!' —
j Total«.2T 0 0 24 14
Totals. 20 2 8 27 10! '
RUNS AND HITS BT ETXINGS.
(By the New Tork Telegraph.)
First race— Colonel Xo&tt, Manflaiwm,
Biaehello.
Seccrl ra.ee— CcmmoiorB, Proofreader,
Prea-kreta.
Third race— Dan McXenca, Taacred,
Thane.
ronrth race — Charawinfi, Kedcar, Pa
lelU.
Fifth race— Mominsr Btar, Mai Xri>w.
cry, Vclla.
Sixth race— ITearett, Chickadee, Asto
lee.
SELECTIONS.
Fourth race. Fteeplechaee. ehort course — Red
Car 143. John F v Owen« 132. Pea Pirate 129.
fharawind 159, 1ft, Ro»e 146. I*lip 129. Falella
14J, Itacatiara 130. Eva Moe 180. Faraday Jr.
Fifth race, three-quarter* of a mile — Valla
r»rr.bia 100, Idle 100. Marie Flute 100, Eva
Oalre 100. Eccentric 100. Katie Powers 10ft.
Voila JOS MIm Mollle 100. Mornint Btar 10«.
Anna Ilaklncs 100. TToodlawn Belle 100. Mai
Lowery 100.
Sixth ra<-». one mile. «eUlo«— Flaneur 10S.
m vol »7. Premui 101. Chickadee 105. Patchel
BT, Adelaste 106, Do Madge P6. \jkAy of th»
West VI, Antolee 105, Nearest 101, Trocadero
100. Frank Me *7.
¦Weather clear; track slow.
Flrti rtcc, one mile. 6elUng— One More 108,
LocuFt Blowom 101. Dlnehelio 107, Miniamu*
P7, CWblce *". Honeybrook V7. Illuminate 101,
Jane Oaker 87. Colonel Moffit 108. fit. Wood
100. Clreua Ctrl 92. Chantrelle «7.
Becond race. five, and a half furlonr* — Circu
lar Joe 100, Harfanr 106. Outfield 107, Doml
nicii"* Tou JO. Toux>ee 107, Beneficent 106,
Huckleberry Finn lOti, Rouirh tnd Tumble 100,
Ilhelrsgold 100, Proof Reader 100, Commodore
10«. Orderly 107. Major Carpenter 103. Preak-
Thlrd "race, one and a sixteenth mile* — Fro
fesror Xe-.ille 103. Moor* OS. Lubin 95. Dan
McKenna 102. Tancred 105. Orteo 96 Sidney
??ahath 98, Th&tie 1<A Ouadalaqulver OS.
CINCINNATI. Nov. 8.— The entries for
the races at Latonia to-morrow follow:
Thrt weights for the Opening handicap
at Oakland track next Saturday were an
nounced yesterday, and from now on
there will be some stiff workouts every
morning at Oakland and at Ingleslde
t racks.
This race, which will be the feature
event of the <^ard. closed with fifty-seven
norninatLrtis. It will be worth over $3000.
In th$ absence of Colonel W. R. Letcher.
(he newly appointed nandicapper of the
("ailforr.ia Jockey Club, wno is en route
from i.aij:.: a , the wcigrht? were allotted
by Horace Egbert at the first-named of
• iars request.
To the brown horse Kenilworth is given
the task of shouldering top weight. lli»
pounds. Then follow Reau Ormonde with
117, Divina 315 and Claude 114 pounds. As
ra»nv of the horses at Oakland are well
advanced in their work, the field promises
io be a large one. Following are the
weights:
Kenilworth 119 Bill Massie 106
lieau Ormonde 117 Mansard 105
Oivlna 115 Majjr Tenry lwa
<laude 114 Braes l(vi
l^ucien Appleby ...112 Dainty 11H
l->aisy <ireen ill SehwaJbe . ; 104
Albula mi Alfredo 103
Helm lll'Pirateer 103
Kvea G 1H •; Flueh of Gold 103
FVturtta tic i Kitty Kelly 103
B*n MacDhu! 1 v» Martinmas 102
C*>rrlsan lt*» Uhtxir 100
Orataa io* cei. Rouseveit ioo
Fau:conbrfdge 1(7 Jorkey Club *9
Jack dft Mur.d H;7 Nijmnte «»
Hcrtth 107 Konlr «?
iramrepui lv>7 Col. Van i<8
M^fhanus 107 Marlin 37
r..t.- .¦ •. K»7j\VatPrcure 97
Velio* Tai! 107 J Gr«.i! «7
iluratius 1U7 Constetlator 95
I'iii.c*** Tlia«ns,...Ki7 Arca»ie i'5
itoyal R«isoie . . .1 ..107l^acy Crawford a*
Incubator .....HT Cltruda 93
Wart* Nlefet l<«;<'ar?cr. Beauty '-C
Arabo 1< <: <^-«-|talette 90
The Fretter lOfii^rund Sachem t»O
Ko«iil !<>• , Dotterel 87
Byron Rose 10<5
Another horse car was cidotracked at
I-mcryvirie yesterday. In it came Clausus,
f'iyer, Ledus and Introductor. owned by
Tom Ryan, and Lev.-is Wagner. Karat
and Instrument, the property of Gil Cur
ry. Incubator, the useful perfornv-r which
races in the colors of Frank Van Meter,
was also a passenger in the car.
The strings of Boots and Hollenbeck
are due to arrive at Emeryville to-day.
A carload of horses owned by "Boots"
Durnell passed through Oakland yester
day en route to Los Angeles. Durnell's
troubles with the French racing officials
have never been patched up, t=o his horses
would not bo allowed to start In this sec
tion of the State.
Dally Racing Xews Is out with its form
hook, neatly bound and small enough to
be carried in the pocket. It contains all
of the races run at the Sacramento and
Los Angtlem tracks.
t
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
Horses Which Will Start at the Ja
maica and Latonia Meetings.
NEW YORK. Nov. S. — The following
horses are carded to start to-morrow at
Lhe Jamaica track:
Weather clear; track fart.
First race, five and a half furlong* — Black
Pocks ««. Hlghwlnd 102. Rivertiale 102. Race
King 122. Ruby Ring 107, Trossach* «9. Pol
Roper UO t^ananoerue «¦¦». Reliant* 114. Ori»
ksny 102. Jasper 1>J7, Florizel 107. Ancestor aw.
Second race, one and a sixteenth mi!»s — Past
y* Lord Advocate 9*. Ern«*« Parham lotf, Ar
rip'n lOt, Early Eve 102. All Gold 10S, Ethics
UiT. rnmasked 107, Lady Potentate 1U3. S'.oae
tntl Id. feetauket 101.
Third race, fix furlong? — Clcnmeli 103. Sweet
Alice 05, G. Whittier 108, Monograph 110. Elsie
L, 1<!5 Oenmntr H^. Young Henry 120. Hlt-h
. r. ;• r IIS. Kins Peprwr in*. Irene L!ndsey 1O5.
Fourth race, one and an eighth miles — Fran
ces-en 120, Hlver Pirate ll»i. Lord Badge 115,
Trsbes Hill 115. Gaviota 1CS, Demurrer 10"S,
1'rlRand 105. Circu* l<>0.
Fifth race. six rurlongs — Dutiful 112. Cold
fsreiiker 109. Yellow Hammer 112, Prince Saljn
-'aim 112. Kir Carter ]<O. Monitor 112. Long
i-.ur 112. Hob Key 1'*. tt^lle of Portland 1C3.
jug Of 3 -er IJ2. Ilo'uin Hood 109. Evenn-jre
S£i Clarence 112. Mr. Pickwick 109, Fort Hun
• r 112, Mohican 112.
Sixth race, one mile and fventjr yards — St.
Finnan 101. Sam Craig K>4. Kabot 10.1, Meister
«fr.**r 108, Buttons ST. All Gold 114. Demurrer
!!«. Faranlaes 104. Maiaerman 114. Satire 114.
••„: • Worth 103, Illyria 106.
SELECTIONS.
(By the New York Telegraph.)
First race — Hace King, HifhwlnO, Re
liance.
Second rax*— All Gold, T/nniasked,
Lady Potentate.
T&lrd race— Ktagr Pepper, Irene Xilad.
sey. Sweet Alice.
Fourth race— Tribes Sill, River Pirate,
Lord Badce.
Tilth rae« — Belle of Portland, Yellow
Hammer, Prince S«]m Saim.
Sixth race — Karaie Wort!:, Buttons,
All Gold.
Establishes a New Record
in the Baseball
j
World. *.
Several Eastern Performers
Will Sport Silk in
This Event.
Is Central Figure in a
Sensational Game at
Los Angelea
Weights Assigned for
Opening Handicap
on Saturday.
PITCHER NEWTON'S
SPLENDID WORK
KENILWORTH HAS
THE TOP IMPOST
THE SAN IK ANCISCO CALL, 'MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1903.
OLDFIELD DRIVES HIS PHANTOM CAR A MILE IN 56 SECONDS
5
JU)VEE.TI«'' i^n i rNTff
FIVE CENTS
l&f Npa pi SB jH AB Kara
BEST SM<)KE ON EARTH
ON SALE EVERYWHERE. Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies. 50c a pound, in artistic flre
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st., above Call bids. •
"A young swain and his sweetheart were married re
cently on the top of a lighthouse on Long Island. It will
tot be ' long ; before theyXwill learn that sdmething-'rnore
effective -than such^a -beacon will be necessary to guard
them from the, reefs and rocks ;of the marital sea .
; , Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
\ :; "Count - Wolkenstein's resignation of
the? post of* Austrian Embassador to
France," says the" Marquise de Fontenoy,
••will deprive -jthe f great'-wcrld ' of Paris - of
one of its most' interesting figures through
the ; disappearance therefrom of his .wife,
one]of the most brilliant and clever,wom
en of; Europe, whom \ the late Prince Bis
marck when : at ; the : height of his power
regarded ,• as an < adversary of -such im-
Bismarck Feared Woman.
>. The election is over, political enemies are again personal
friends, the nervesof the public are having a spell of needed
rest and the time for the distribution of the loaves and fishes
of; partisan .success has fl come. v It is jtoo : what/ an
armyjof friends the winners have since the election- returns
were announced. When ; one thinks of it the .wonder grows
that theother fellows received any votes at all.
President , Roosevelt's splendid assertion that as' chief
executive of the United States : he must insist upon - equal
rights to all and special privileges to • none places him
a unique figure in the story of American, statesmanship'.
He is more than the man who would rather be right than
President. He is right and President. i
An old man, masking evil thoughts and sinister designs
under a plausible, respectable exterior, was arrested the other
day accused as a "masher.", Is there any more pitiable spec
tacle than that ; of age;, which commands disgust not honor,
which makes of gray hairs ai badge of degradation? If^there
is > it is the sight of young loafers' infesting public thorough
fares to insult women. It (might be s well for the police to
know that there is too much of both in this city.
In regard to . the value of radium, ra
dium chloride of the activity of 2 to sells
for about SCO an ounce. The radium salts
used by the author in the experiments at
the American Museum of Natural His
tory, 127 milligrams— equal to about one
eighth of a gram, or 1-249 of an ounce
represented a value of $274, or a rate of
$6*,S00 per ounce troy. Thl3 radium was
of the activity of 300,000.
• The museums ordered, at the request of
Edward D. Adams of New York City, and
as a gift "to carry^ on the investigations,
radium of an activity of 1,800,000, valued
at $6G0 for 100 milligrams, or at the rate of
$198,000 per ounce. The small sample used
represents the concentration of more than
one ton of pitchblende; .the l,S00,00O sam
ple probably the concentration of four or
five tons; and yet the entire quantity
could be put in the end of a thimble and
not occupy one-fourth of the space re
maining between that and the finger.
. » Radium compounds with an activity of
40 can be bought for $20 an ounce. It is
only when it has - been fractionated and
Increased in its activity. that it becomes
very , costly— like steel, itself worth, only
a trifle per pound, but worth many times
the value of gold when manufactured into
watch springs.— George F. Kunz i n the
American Monthly Review of Reviews.
The Priceless Radium.
DISPATCHES from Budapest give news of Emperor
Francis Joseph's temporary bridging of the widening
rift between Austria and Hungary by granting im
portant-concessions to the Liberal party of the Magyar sec
tion of. the dual monarchy. After allowing the country to
be in a state of practical anarchy since September 30," the date
of the fall of j Count Hedavary's Ministry, the leaders; in the
Hungarian Parliament have at last become reconciled for the
nonce and the fractious wheelhorse of \ that, .remarkable
Hapsburg tandem will swing into the middle of the road for
a little while longer. It* is air because the old Emperor has
perforce decreed that the Hungarian tongue shall be spoken
in the military colleges of the eastern kingdom of the dual
monarchy instead of: German, and that Hungarian officers
shall be transferred from Austrian regiments to' those of their
native country. ''c'} '
The world at large knows very little of the political -moil
and trouble which has been straining the bands of union
between Austria and Hungary since June 8, 1867, the day
when Francis Joseph, Emperor of Austria, became King of
Hungary. The stormy meetings of the joint houses of both
countries have become a byword • in - the mouth of the na
tions, but few besides the trained diplomats have troubled
themselves . to look below the. surface ' and see the funda^
mental causes of the long continued . strife between Teutonic
Austria and Slavic Hungary. The ;bitter quarrel over the
seemingly trivial question of whether the officer in charge
of a Hungarian regiment shall say "yorwarts" or its Magyar
equivalent is only a straw which points the wind.
~ The Austro-Hungarian state is .manifestly an artificial
union. There is a King over both component parts of the
empire who b/ his personality alone has been j able to ihold
together the divergent . halves of ~ the dual, Government.,
AUSTRIA-HUNGARY.
Oh, men" wlth\ sisters dear.
• I With wives and sweethearts glad.
Did you ever happen to hear
- Them giving their friends the gad?- '•.'.
If noC- sneak home some day
And list to the sewing club's clamor
As they sing that old, familiar lay '
¦ Kntitled "The Song of the Hammer."
— W. F. Kirk In Milwaukee Sentinel.
Knock, knock,- knock,
While the hours are dragging slow;
Knock,- knock, knock,
.' Till they all get up to go. - -
Theirs work for the day la o'er.
Their duty : done with zest. ..
And when each is at home alone once more
She'll trim up all the rest!
Knock/ knock,, knock,
- None whom they know Is spared;
Knock, knock, ¦ knock.
How their neighbors' faults are aired! -
The absent ' members, too,
- Come In for their share of abase.
While these worthy dames, with much ado
Sew shirts for the heathens' use.
Knock, . knock, knock,
With never a halt or pause;
Knock, knock, knock.
Without provocation or cause.
Characters .white as snow
Are. daubed with spots of black.
While these righteous, merciful sisters sew
To cover the heathen's back. "
At the home of a dame devout
Who In mission work always led.
The sewing society sat about
-Plying- their needles and thread;
And In a melodious key
Without hesitation or stammer.
Incessantly and relentlessly
They sang the song of the hammer.
Sweet Charity.
Mayor Schmitz has announced his purpose to reorganize
the Board of Public Works so that in its reconstructed con
dition it may perform public duties for the public good.
This appears to be an ominous threat, thinly disguised, that
the Board of Public Works as now . existing, useless and
unlamented, is to go perrnanently out of business.
"The man to whom I was apprenticed
told me this, and I thought the idea ab
surd. We were working late one night
and he called my attention to a lot of
watches we had regulated and were ready
to deliver. It was near midnight and every
watch was slow. The better timepieces
had lagged behind some seconds. The
cheaper watches were a minute or more
out of the way. Next morning every one
of the lot was exactly right.
"The fact is, you can regulate a watch
to make exactly twenty-four hours a
day, but you can't persuade It to make
Just sixty minutes in each of the twenty
four hours. Why this is no one can telL"
—New York Times.
"You know that the vital energies are
at lower ebb at night than in the day
time," said an old watchmaker. "Would
you believe that some watches— especially
the cheaper ones— are similarly affected?
"You know a good watchmaker alway3
wants several days in which to regulate
a timepiece. That is because the only
way to regulate it properly Is to compare
it with a chronometer at the same hour
every day. Otherwise the variations in
the speed *of the watch will baffle his
efforts.
Watches Take Rest.
I 'maintain most strongly that there is
a remedy for vice. And that remedy con
sists in making marriage possible among
the poor and in providing for such peo
ple a borne.
In this country. It is true, there is a
brighter side to the question than in Eu
rope, as may be proved from ¦ statistics.
In London out of every 1000 marriage
able persons 729 are Unmarried.' More
generally speaking, less -than one-third of
the marriageable population of -* London
(the largest city of the world) enter , the
Yet it is the right of the poor to have a
borne. With them that right Is as in
alienable and perhaps more precious than
with the rich. And social conditions
ehould be so arranged as to allow the
poor to escape from the burden of vice
through the blessed bonds of matrimony.
These conditions, which are rendering
marriage among the poor more and more
Impossible, are every day bringing more
and more sin into the world.
How, for instance, can a poor man take
to himself a wife when the cost of living
Is «o high that he can barely support life
in himself? How can he ask a woman to
share his lot when he knows he may at
any time be thrown out of work and per
haps he obliged to watch her etarve?
How can & man rear a family when the
chances may all be against his being able
to -maintain it? For a man cannot main
tain a family when he has no work. The
eight of a starving wife and children has
driven many a man to desperation— even
to crime. ¦: V. >.;
Conditions among the poor are in many
cases such that the rearing and the keep-*
ing together of a family are rendered im
possible. On every hand the poor man's
efforts to establish and maintain the sa
cred relations of matrimony are discour
aged.
I say this advisedly. Among the poor
Infidelity is far less frequent than among
the rich. The poor man and his wife hold
the . marriage relation more sacred than
do those of greater worldly wealth.
It is therefore doubly unfortunate that
a class so worthy of the blessings of mat
rimony Ehould be so frequently debarred
from those blessings; that the people who
maintain the sanctity of the marriage tie
and who. moreover, bring "up larger fam
ilies as a rule than do persons better able
to afford to do so, should be forced to re
main single while nxen and women whose
marriages are of no advantage to the
community nor posterity may wed at
wiiL
• • " , • /;.
"Marriage is an honorable estate" and
"not to be entered into lightly." But, too
often, under present conditions, the poor
man cannot afford to enter into it at all.
Yet he. perhaps far oftener than his
wealthier brother, recognizes the "honor
able" condition of that "estate."
or financial advancement; it may be a
mere matter of convenience; it may be
the outcome of idleness and propinquity.
But marriage among the poor is the
most cogent means of reform. By mak
ing marriage universally possible among
those who are not blessed with an abun
dance of this world's goods the most
deadly blow Imaginable would be dealt
to vice. The greatest step would by such
means be taken toward vice's utter elim
ination.
COMMANDER OF SALVATION
ARMY WHO SAYS MARRIAGE
ELEVATES THE POOR.
"God bless papa, mamma and all my
friends," and then sank back on the pil
low with a tired sigh.
Whenever Alice sings a song she winds
it up with an injunction to her auditors
to "clap hands," no doubt feeling that
she is entitled to some sort of reward for
her effort. One night . when she began
her usual evening prayer she asked bless
ings on a number of people whom she des
ignated by name and then solemnly fin
ished the prayer with, "Now clap hands,"
much to the consternation of some of her
religious relatives, who had gathered in
force to see her safely off to sleep.
Alice, the two and a half . year old
daughter of a Western Addition resident,
has established quite a reputation for
naive sayings, considered remarkable for
one of her tender age. Alice's grand
mother undertook the task of teaching
the little one to pray, and one night, after
Alice; had been taught to bless herself,
she repeated the'words, "God bless papa
and mamma, Amen," after her grand
mother. The latter thought this was
quite enough for the first attempt, but
Alice looking gravely up into the old
lady's face said:
"Don't you want God to bless you, too,
grandma?"
As Alice grew more proficient she added
the names of many of her relatives and
acquaintances to the list of those whom
she desired Divine Providence to bless.
One night, however, she was feeling more
than usually tired after her day's romp
ing and she dismissed the subject of
prayer by hurriedly saying:
Baby's Idea of Prayer.
"The more elaborate campaign buttons
are set in fancy brass frames, and some
of them run up to $1 50 each, and I have
known some particularly enthusiastic
partisans who had gold frames made to
adorn the campaign buttons of, their can
didate. There is no possible way of esti
mating the number of buttons made for
a lively national campaign. The national
committees of all parties order them by
the millions and the thousands of candi
dates for other ofQces buy them by the
tens and hundreds of thousands. But
some idea of the immense number of but
tons which will be used next year can be
had by knowing that in * Chicago alone
over 40,000,000 buttons are turned out each
year : for purely advertising purposes,
without counting the millions used by
fraternal, social and labor organizations.
One mall order house , consumes 1,000,000
Inch and a quarter. buttons every,: twelve
months. ;'• A religious organization, cen
tered in Chicago.* sends out -from 600,000
to 1.000.000 every, year and -the big agri
cultural Implement makers send over
2,000,000 a year, to county fairs alone.
"The celluloid comes to the factory in
sheets 20 inches by 50 inches, and each
sheet is a transparent film five-one thou
sandths of an inch thick. The printed
paper, with a sheet of celluloid over it,
Is put in a hydraulic press, the bottom
of which is heated by steam or gas. The
hydraulic pressure, combined with the
heat, causes the paper to adhere so close
ly to the celluloid that they are practi
cally one sheet. The celluloid, besides
serving to protect the paper, makes the
print and color richer and brighter. If
the order for the buttons is small the
paper -is dipped into a solution of grain
alcohol or gelatine and is made to adhere
to the celluloid by a hot hand roller.
"The prints are next taken in hand by
boys, who, with rawhide mallets and hol
low punches, cut out each . round print,
and these boys are so expert that one of
them, working eight hours, can punch out
15,000 a day. A finished button: is made
up of the 'print,' the shell, the collet and
pin. The shell is a steel disk, and forms
the body of the button. The collet 4s a
tin ring, which holds the print over the
shell, and they are all brought together
in the button machine, which Is a simple
mechanism, whose principal features are
a plunger and two dies. The shell Is laid
In one die. with the print on top of it.
The operator brings down a treadle and
the print Is pressed over and around the
-edges of the shell. When the plunger
moves up it carries with it the print cov
ered shell. The collet Is laid in the other
die, which Is swung under the plunger,
the treadle comes down again, and the
tin ring Is crimped solidly- around the
shell and the button is formed. Then
the pin, made of brass : wire., fs . slipped
under the incurving edges of the collet
and is held there by its own spring.
"The beginning of a campaign button
is the candidate and next his photograph.
If the picture is to be printed a half
tone engraving is made, and if the order
is large enough to warrant it a number
of electrotypes are made from the half
tone cut, so that many 'prints' can be
printed on a sheet. If the candidate
wants something first class and doesn't
mind the extra expense a lithograph of
the photograph is made and the pictures
are printed on a lithographic press.
"Most of the men who have worn cam
paign buttons believe that the picture and
words are printed on celluloid. Few of
them know that the celluloid is trans
parent and that the printed part of the
button is on paper under the glossy cel
luloid cover. For some time this little
trick was kept as a sort of trade secret,
and a few years ago no outsider was
permitted to wander at will around a
campaign button factory. The ordinary
button for campaign use is seven-eighths
of an inch in diameter, and they range all
the way from three-quarters of a cent to
$1 50 each.
The button manufacturer was talking:
"Campaign button-makers are getting
ready for next year. Millions and mil
lions cf the little round pinned-on polit
ical advertisements will be worn— more
than ever before in a Presidential cam
paign year. There are about fifteen con
cerns in the United States which make
a specialty of the campaign buttons, and
every on« of them has its ear to the
ground listening for boomlets.
(Author of "Shop Talk on the Wonders of the
Craft*.")
Making Campaign Buttons.
BY MALCOLM McDOWELI*
Colonel James A. Buchanan, for three
years in command of the American mili
tary forces In Porto Rico, recently paid
a hleh compliment to the military spirit
of our subjects there. He said:
"I left Porto Rico with genuine reluc
tance, modified only by the fact that I
probably remained on the island as long
as was wise on account of my health.
I organized the Porto Rico regiment and
was deeply interested in the organization.
The Porto Ricans make splendid soldiers.
They are amenable to discipline and learn
rapidly. Tfhey drill like seasoned veter
ans. They are willing to do any service
demanded of them. They are so+>er and
loyal to their officers. They have a pride
in the uniform and an affection for the
flag. The people of Porto Rico are also
very proud of the regiment. It has ex
erted a splendid influence upon the people
of the island and has been a great schoo!.
The men in the regiment have not only
learned to speak our language but are
now expert interpreters. They are nat
urally good penmen and they translate
the two languages back and forth with
great facility. I think It would be a
splendid proposition for the Government
to send the regiment into camp at the
St. Louis Exposition for two or three
months. It would be a liberal education
of the Porto Ricans In American life and
methods which they would lucidly explain
to the people on their return, and It would
afford those who visit the fair an oppor
tunity to become familiar with Porto Ri
can character under most satisfactory
conditions."
Praises Colonial Soldiery.
' "There is a certain prominent attorney
in this city," said a lounger at the Palace
Hotel a few nights ago, "who owes his
present position to the quickness of wit
he displayed at a banquet he attended at
the very outset of his career.
"This man, who for convenience sake
we will call Bob, was the protege of a
very prominent man. He shoved Bob to
the front every time opportunity offered,
and more than once he provided the op
portunity.
"Well, one night he informed Bob that
he was to be a guest at a banquet to be
given to a big railroad official, and told
him to "be prepared to make a speech.
•And, Bob,' he said, 'it's got to be a good
one, for the best talkers of the State will
be there.' Bob went to work on his
speech and when the night of the ban
quet came around he was prepared to
cover himself with glory. Really, his
speech was a gem, for I read it only a
few days ago.
"But it was never delivered. When he
was called Bob arose, assumed a correct
attitude, and started off with, 'Gentle
men.'" That was as far he. he got. for he
could not for the life of him remember an
other word of the speech he had spent so
many weary hours in preparing. He re
alized that he was done for unless some
thing happened. He suffered agonies for
a moment and then his quickness of mind
saved him. He allowed his knees to bend
slowly beneath the lable. closed his eyes
and grasping his heart with both hands
fell with a crash on the table."
'A Quick Wit.
MOVED by President Roosevelt's letter on race^sui
/ cide, the London Mail has collected statistics tend
• ing to show that the English-speaking peoples of
the world have a birth, rate so rapidly diminishing there is
danger it will eventually approach the zero point and the
race now so dominant in the world will sink to comparative
insignificance. It is not in old England alone that the race
is dying, but everywhere. In Canada the English-speaking
people do not multiply like the French-speaking clement of
the population. In Australia the birth rate is very low and
in the United States, the ratio of births among the Anglo-
Saxon portion of the population is less than that among the
immigrants from Continental Europe.
In reviewing the statistics the Mail says: "What are the
explanations of the failing birth rate in the English-speaking
countries? Mr. Coghlan suggests Jn the case of Australia
that it is due to the love of pleasure and to the deliberate
limitation of families. ' His argument seems to be borne out
by some very striking facts noted by Mr. and Mrs. Webb in
their work on 'Industrial Democracy.' They state that
'there are many indications that the danger to be appre
hended in Northwestern Europe during the coming century
is not overpopulation, but a deliberate restriction of popula
tion by the more prosperous, more intelligent and more
thrifty sections, brought about by a rise in the standard of
life itself.' That is the admission that the superior race is
too expensive to multiply; it means the suicide of that race
; and its slow replacement by other human material."
* , A curious side issue to the subject is presented by the fact
that the decline in the birth rate of the Anglo-Saxon,
whether in the Old World or the New, coincides with a rise
in the birth rate of certain oriental races that were at one timg
supposed to be about exhausted. While no exact statistics
arc available on the subject there are good reasons for be
lieving that the Japanese and Chinese races are much more
fruitful than they were some years ago, and it would seem
they are better fitted to survive under modern industrial
conditions than are the higher peoples of England, Australia
and the United States.
In our own country the decline of the birth rate among
the Anglo-Saxon elements of the population is not notice
able because of the mixture of races here and the vigor of
the American race that, is being developed by the intermar
riages of men and' women from all civilized countries. In
Great Britain, however, the. decline is quite notable and is ac
companied by a decline in the physical strength of the peo
ple. Some authorities attribute the deterioration to the ef
fects of urban life and the objection of landlords in cities to
let their premises to families in which there are a large num
ber of children.
The Mail says: "Australia and England are both states in
which the huge city predominates, and it is at least a note
worthy fact that the marked fall in our birth rate coincides
with the, collapse of agriculture, which forced our country
population more and more into the towns from 1878 onward.
This may be a mere. accident, but country families are still
generally larger, if only because of the difficulty of housing
in -the towns. No point is more painful in Mr. Booth's
great study of London than his repeated reiteration of the
fact that large families are regarded by landlords as a
nuisance and that the large family, is too often refused ac
commodation where the small family finds no difficulty in
obtaining it." . ,
The problem is the more interesting because it is only a
generation ago since men were preaching in England the
doctrine that the welfare of the country depended on a
diminution of, the' birth rate, and one philosopher spoke of
the large families that seemingly handicapped the workman
frv his struggle to improve his condition as "a devastating
torrent • of children." Times have changed since then.
Great Britain is now longing for British children to populate
her empire and is fearing a' devastating torrent of foreigners.
ENGLISH-SPEAKING PEOPLES.
The Federal^ officers now. engaged "in the stern duty of in
vestigating the wreck of, the steamer South Portland and its
attendant horrors have discovered that some of the witnesses
ate guilty of palpable perjury. Is it any wonder that men
who proved themselves cowards. when any one in a human
hide would have been brave will lie to conceal their crime
against humanity?
Marriage ocr.ditions among the poor
have formed the theme of much of my
personal research and of many of the re
ports made to me. It Is one of the great
—one of the very great and very grave—
questions of the day.
Marriage among the rich may mean any
one of many things. It may mean social
Th« work of th«» army of which mine is
the honor to be commander lies largely
with the poor. We are better acquainted
with every item of their real life, their
surroundings*, their vicissitudes than any
one could possibly be who Oid not go into
their homes and live with them their
<1aily life.
iCoinmsr.dT of th* Sr.lvation Army in
the I'nitfd Ftate*.)
BT FRKDKHICK DE L. BOOTH-TUCKER
-Mania gc a Reform.
portance that he actually invoked the as
sistance of the old Emperor against her.
It was during the time of her first mar
riage to the late Count SchleiniU. Min
ister of the imperial house at Berlin, and
in those days her salon was not only the
meeting place, of everything that was
graceful, artistic and witty In the Ger
man capital, but likewise the headquar
terB of all th« foes of Prince Bismarck.
"The Countess, who by reason of her pas
sion for Wagnerlan music used to be
known as 'La Princesse Thompette.*
never lost an opportunity of provoking
the old Chancellor, and I remember that
on one ocacsion, when M. de Sabouroff,
the Russian Embassador, was expected
to attend an important meeting at Bis
marck's palace In Wilhelmstrasse, the
Countess prevailed on the envoy to ac
company her to a garden party, and
thereby kept the Chancellor waiting for
him the entire afternoon. Bismarck's
rage at this treatment on the part of the
Muscovite Embassador was so great that
he actually went to the length of per
suading the St. Petersburg Department of
Foreign Affairs to recall a diplomat who
was frivolous enough to prefer tho so
ciety of a Countess of Schlelr.it z to that
of the Chancellor of the German empire.
"After the death of the old Count
Schlelnltz the in those days ethereal and
blonde Countess gave her hand In mar
riage to Count Wolkensteln Trostb,urg,
who had long been devoted to her and
who was the hero In the romance of her
life. When he was appointed Embassador
to Paris she found herself In her ele
ment and together with the Countess de
Greffuhle (formerly Princess de Chimay)
is responsible for having converted the
Parisians to Wagnerianism and for hav
ing aroused In their breasts wild enthus
iasm about the very German composer
who In his lifetime they had hissed off the
stage."
"It air some remarkable how religion
strikes folks differunt,'.' remarked
."Quartz" Billings, gently swashing the
beer in bis schooner so as to bring a
, bead to the surface. "Some folks who
don't know anything: more 'bout religion
than a SI wash 'bout soap have a kind of
ha'nting Buperstichun on the subjec*
which is hard to explain. Now there wuz
the case of old Mokulumne Johns, who
died up in Washoe County. over Nevada
way some ten years gone. .
"Now Mokulumne Johns wuz a squaw
man. He had lived with a big mahalie
real faithful like for twenty years an*
he had a child borfTto him pretty regular
with every second alfalfa crop so as his
little dugout up near Paradise VaUey
looked like a foundling asylum. But In
the flower of ' his youth, as the school
marm would say, when he wuz along 'bout
80 years, his bull calf trompled him that
roughly that he died real suddent just as
the sun.riz one mornln*.
"Now Mokulumne had never been a real
out-an' -outer for religion— fact Is, he
hadn't seen a church or parson sinze he
wuz in Carson in the seventies. But the
big mahalie wuz strong fur havin' a real
burial service. There wuz no Bible short
of Klamath Falls, over in Oregon, seven
ty miles away, but what did that big
squaw Indian do but she sends Hard \v In
ter—he wuz her third son, 'bout 14 years
old— she sends Hard Winter over to Ore
gon to fetch a Bible. An' while he wuz
gone— it takin' him four days to make
the trip-she an' all the other breeds of
her'n jus' whiles away the time by dig
gin' a grave which got that deep that
they had to hist the dirt out in a bucket.
"Well, sir, when Hard Winter got back
with a Bible the widder ups an' invites
me an* Scar Faced Williams from our
ranch down on the river to cum over to
the buryin', which was set for a Sun
day. An' arter they had lowered Moku
lumne Johns down into that thirty-foot
hole the mahalie asks me to read from
the book. So I takes It an' turns to the
first page that hits my eye an* I reads:
" 'Which of you shall have an hsb fall
down a hole on Sunday an* will not
straightway snake him out?' "
"Quarte" on Religion.
Railroad* operating east of the Mississippi are carrying
less tonnage than a year ago, and but few complaints of
scarcity of cars are now heard. Food products are easing
off, provisions are quiet at Western packing centers and the
packers are apathetic in supporting- their'.; local markets.
Trade in clothing is reported quieter and last year.
This applies more to woolens, as the cotton manufacturing
districts are sending in reports of an increase in activity.
It is interesting to observe that whereas cotton "lagged be
hind all other lines during the recent era of unprecedented
trade activity it is now making the best showing when busi
ness *is quieting down. In this connection the South is
sending in the best reports at present instead of the. reverse,
which characterised that region for several years.- The activ
ity in cotton is probably the cause of this. Another note
worthy feature in this connection is that while railway and
industrial stocks in Wall street have been going down the
cotton market. has been going up, with pronounced activity
and buoyancy during the past week.
The other staples show no important changes. What ap
plies to those already mentioned applies to almost all. Hides
are easing off in price and the markets are quieter. Wool is
dull and stocks of raw are accumulating somewhat. The
tendency in grain is downward rather than upward, though
the shrinkage is not especially marked. The wholesalers
and jobbers say that the volume of trade is not up to the
average of the past four or five years. But in spite of this
diminution in the volume of business money continues plen
tiful throughout the country and thus far there is no serious
impairment noticeable in collections. Failures,' however,
have been somewhat more numerous and larger during the
past month, although those last week were numerically
smaller, being 246, against 279 during the corresponding
week last year. There were several large suspensions in
Colorado, as mentioned above, but along the Atlantic sea
board there were few of first importance. The bank clear
ings of the country were still behind those of 1902, the de
crease for the w*eek being 15.3 per cent, with the gains and
losses about equally distributed among the largest cities.
¦ Wall street stocks continue unsettled, declining one day
and recovering the next. There is still some liquidation, but
the brunt of it is apparently over. In spite of the assurances
of bankers and other financial authorities that stocks are
now down where they can be bought with reasonable safety
and a fair promise of profit the public are' not taking hold of
the market. Money has not yet become tight, as expected
along in the spring, and with the regular fall exports of
grain, cotton and other products to Europe a tide of gold is
setting in from that part of the world toward this. A com
parison between this year and last shows an enormous
change in conditions during the twelve months. Then call
money ruled from 20 to 30 per cent and stocks were 40
points higher than at present, while money to-day is 4j4@6
per cent. Besides we were then exporting gold and now we
are importing it. There is certainly nothing panicky in this
showing.
On this coast business, although naturally exhibiting less
activity in sympathy with the East, is still good, without,
however, any signs of a boom. Local wholesalers and job
bers are not complaining, collections are fair, the banks are
abundantly supplied with funds and solvent borrowers find
no difficulty in securing all needed accommodation at nor
mal rates of interest. The export trade of the Pacific sea
ports continues satisfactory and the products of the farm and
factory are still bringing remunerative prices.-
CONSERVATISM continues the keynote to trade.
The word is now as freely employed as '-that. familiar
phrase, "undigested securities," was some, months
ago. One cannot pick up a trade report without finding
"Conservatism" emblazoned thereon. It is for the time
being a synonym for quietude.
The fact is that business is still slackening off throughout
the country, and from all quarters reports- of larger sup
plies of goods and a diminished demand for them are being
received. This particularly applies to iron and steel; and their
products, which are as prominent now in this respect as they
were in the boom of the past few years, when the whole
country was surprised at the enormous demand for iron in
its varied forms. The production of the has at last
overtaken the consumption, and mills continue to close
here and there, or suspend operations '-more or less. Per
contra, some mills have reopened. Steel billets have been fur
ther cut $4 per ton, and it is hoped that this radical reduction
will result in more business. Lumber is steady as a whole,
but building operations are decreasing throughout the East
and West and structural work is not showing the activity of
the past few years. Coal mining, too, has apparently re
ceived a check, and in some States, notably Colorado, mines
are being closed down, while labor disturbances, which
usually accompany dullness in any particular line, ar.^ break
ing out in the mining districts.
•'Place waste labor on waste land by
means of waste capital, and thereby con
vert the trinity of waste into a unity of
production."
From a sociological standpoint there are
many arguments for allowing the poor
man to have a home and family. "It is his
right. He Is fonder of his children, as a
rule, than Js his rich neighbor. His home
is dearer to him. Home ties are his only
Joys, his only recreation. •
When I find a man starving and unable
to support his family I do not believe in
tearing out his heart by proposing the
breaking up of his home and the commit
ment of his children to an institution. I
suggest to him, -rather, that he go into
the country, where work Is more plentiful
and living is cheaper, and I try to find the
means for htm to do so.
Perhaps the best maxim to solve the
marriage problem among the poor is:
During my recent visit to Kansas City
several married women applied to me for
positions on. the Salvation Army farms.
On investigation I learned that they had
not se^n nor heard from their husbands
for yearB.
I made inquiries, and in each case found
that the wage-earner of the family, un
able to get v/ork. had gone away, penni
less, to seek a livelihood elsewhere, and
had been forced to leave his wife and lit
tle ones to shift for themselves. The sto
ries were profoundly pathetic. For they
told of men and women whose right to
wed and rear families was inalienable and
yet who had been forced to part from all
that each held dear. Poverty, not more
rr.freiful death. dicLthem part. Can any
situation be lmaarlnecl that would be more
crushing to a man of heart and of pride
than to be forced thus to condemn to pov
erty and loneliness the woman he loved?
Could witnesses to such a tragedy require
a stronger deterrent to matrimony?
There is far more suffering of this kind
among the poor than the world at large
ever hears of. Poor people are proud, and
most of them have a passionate love of
home. I have seen whole families resign
themselves to probable death sooner than
t~" allow their homes to be broken up.
The great dread of the unfortunate poor
is lest their children be taken away from
them and committed to an institution.
" Domiclde." cr the breaking up of the
home, is to the poor man what regicide is
to loyal subjects of any king.
state of matrimony. More than two
thirds are single. The conditions for
marriage there are all against the poor
man and woman. They may fall in love
as utterly as could any millionaire, but
the gates of the Eden of matrimony are
closed against them and guarded. by the
flaming sword of poverty. They may sigh
for marriage, but they realize that such
a luxury is far and away above their
means.
In this country the marriage statistics
are almost exactly the opposite of Lon
don's. Here about two-thirds of the mar
riageable population are married, leaving
barely a third unwed.
Tariff and educational questions have been fought out in
cessantly. The growing influence of the German empire in
the Austrian half oMhe empire has estranged the nobles of
Hungary more and more. Hungary feels that the Aiistrians
have been encouraging the revolts of the Croats against her
authority. But the primal factor in the spirit of 4 disunion
springs from the eternal antipathy of race against race. The
tiheonquered Magyar with the blood of the Tartars still in
his veins and stiff with the pride of an ancient succession'of
Kings, cannot be ' yoked with the equally proud Austrian,
whose house of Hapsburg lias ruled since the Crusades.
Napoleon found the spirit of nationality first in down
trodden Spain and he was finally ejected from the peninsula.
The reactionary Congress of Vienna tried to weld Belgium
and Holland into an artificial state nearly a . hundred years
ago and their work was undone by revolution. Austria tried
later to make herself supreme over an Austrian Italy, but she
was turned back by Victor Emmanuel, the Sardinian. So in
evitably there must come the severance of the false bonds
which tether, the one to the other alien; nationalities. When
death remove? Francis' Joseph, the personal, factor which has
kept this inharmonious. union intact, Europe may see Hun
gary resume her position as an independent-power.
CONSERVATISM NOW \ THE WORD.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIJEA^ MONDAY, NOVEMBER -9; 1903.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALI^
JOHN D. SPRECKELS> Proprietor ¦ . . . . v » . ..Address Afl Commcnications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Maoager
Publication Office ...... ........... <t§|j]||§^> Third and Market Streets, S. F.
MONDAY '..:.......J:. 7... ................ .......................NOVEMBER 9, 1903
6
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESBobbed While Asleep
R. A. Olsen of 22 East street reported
to the police yesterday that he went to
a dance hail at 530 Pacific street early
B&tcrday morning and fell asleep on a
chair. When he awoke two hours later
he discovered that hi» silver watch and
VI in coin had disappeared.
Many Beverages
are so vastly improved by the added
richness imparted by the use of Borden's
t2ncl<* Brand Condensed Milk. The Eagle
Brand Is prepared from the milk of
herds of well fed. housed, groomed cows
of native breeds. Every can is tested
and is therefore reliable. •
Theatrical Managers' Benefit.
The fifth annual benefit under the aus
pices of the Associated Theatrical Man
agers of San Francisco . in aid of their
charity fund for the sick and needy in
the profession will take place at the Co
lumbia Theater Friday afternoon, Novem
ber 20, at 1 o'clock sharp. Since the or
ganization of the association four years
ago untold good has been accomplished.
During this period the sick have been
cared for, the hungry and destitute have
been fed and clothed and the dead have
been reverently buried. Whenever any
appeal for charity is made the theatrical
men are always the first to respond, and
now that their relief fund Is low they feel
confident that the public will respond
readily and that the house will be packed.
Social to Be Given by W. C. T. TJ.
The members of the Woman's Christian
Temperance Union will hold an ensign so
cial at their headquarters on next Wed
resday afternoon from 3 to 5 o'clock. Re
freshments will be served. A musical and
literary programme will conclude the en
tertainment.
Some new and strikingly novel things
in the picture line, and subjects never
Fhown here before. All the latest fin
ishes in moldings to frame any picture
appropriately. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. •
Aged Musician Disappears
The disappearance of Xathan Ballen
burg, a musician. 70 year? of age. was re
ported to Coroner Lclar.<l at the Morgue
yesterday afternoon by J. W. Fulton,
proprietor of a lodging houpe at 700 Cali
fornia ftr«=#t. where BaUenburg had been
stopping for the last three years. He is
leader of the orchoetrn Rt the Occidental
Hotel and returned to h'.p room shortly
hr-fon? mirtrtfsht on £i'turday niprht. He
left his vio''n jnd went out again and
that was the fast seen of him. A search
was made at the different hospitaJs for
him yesterdaV. but no trace of hJm could
be found.
hi; knees." It is essentially a statue of
death.
In speaking of his choice of subject,
Mr. Altken said:
That little passage of Bret Harte's struck
me as the epitome of the pathetic and typical
of his best work. Therefore I chose It as my
subject, because the sentiment should be one
of mourning. The plan also Includes medallion
of the great Western writer on the base *nd
the extract In full. The reference to the ban
danna handkerchief Is to be Included in tha
extract as showing the. ready change from pa
thetic to humorous, whlcb Is one ot Harte's
greatest charms.
Mr. Aitken is a native of San Francisco,
and. . although In the, first rank of ; local
sculptors and teachers, .has attained. only
25 years of age. He was formerly a stu
dent of Douglas .'Tilden, who • strongly
urged him to a course of foreign study,
which so far be has declined to undertake.
He feels he would rather develop his
basic powers, to their maturity . before
seeking the instruction of the great mas
ters, as in that way he believes he will
run less danger of falling into the com
mon habit of losing his individuality and
becoming a mere imitator. All of his re
cent work has shown marked originality
and wonderful power and grace of ex
ecution. • . . • ¦ .-
A recent addition to the colony of local
sculptors Is Miss Nanette McGlashan,
who has opened a delightfully plain studio
at 919 Ellis street. There are none of the
accouterments of. the dilletantl about the
workshop, but" only a busy little mountain
girl, deep In her clay from morning till
night, and fairly, bubbling over with the
enthusiasm of her work. About her are
many evidences of her industry and tal
ent.
Her chief piece is a cast called "Ro
mance." which is fairly familiar to Sari
Francisco art lover?, as it was exhibited
at the Hopkins Institute last year. Next
In importance, but probably of greater
merit when it shall be completed, is an
incomplete sketch intended to be offered
to the Bohemian Club. It consists of the
figure of a beautiful woman, head thrown
far back and arms folded, typical of Bo
hemia. The utter abandon of the atti
tu"de is striking. In the further develop
ment of the sketch It is intended by the
THE most important recent produc
tions from local sculptors Is the
sketch presented by Robert I.
Aitken for the proposed monument
to Bret Harte to be erected by the
Bohemian Club and placed in one of the
public parks of this city. The movement
was started recently among the club
members and Charles Rollo Peters, the
painter, headed the subscription list with
an offer of one of his canvasea.- ; It is
proposed to raise a fund of $4000 for the
monument and members of the club have
been asked to subscribe this amount,
which It Is thought will be readily obtain
able.
The sketch of Mr. Altken has been on
exhibition in the Bohemian Club rooms
for seme days. Artistically tand emblem
atically it is a striking piece of work. Its
idea is based on the following extract
from Bret Harte's "Tennessee's Pardner,"
describing the burial of Tennessee:
Resisting any proffers of assistance, he be
gan to fill in the grave, turning his back upon
the crowd, that after a few minutes' hesita
tion gradually withdrew. As they crossed the
little ridge that hid Sandy Bar from view,
some looking back, thought they saw Tennes
see's Pardner. his work done, sitting upon the
grave, his ehovel between hie knees and his
face buried in Mb red bandanna handkerchief.
But it was argued by other* that you couldn't
Jell his face from hto handkerchief at that dls
"tance and this point remains undecided.
The monument proposed by Sculptor
Aitken is the life-sized figure of an old
miner, "his shovel between his knees"
and his face burled in one hand. The art
ist has solved the question of the ban
danna handkerchief. The figure is seated
upon a mound of loose earth, and a pine
bough, so emblematic of Harte's best
work, trails down over the edge of the
base.
The figure of the old miner Is the acme
of hopeless dejection. All of the tragedy
and deprivation of death Is conveyed in
the bowed head, with the face all but
concealed by the massive hand. It needs
no grave, no further suggestion of sor
row to indicate that the end of all hope,
Joy and love has come to the brawny,
gray old man "with his shovel between
posturing, of the hands and the draping
of the hair to convey the head, hood and
wings of an owl, so that from a distance
and from the rear the statue will typify
the Bohemian Club's emblem without 'in
any way destroying the symmetry of the
figure of the beautiful woman. The Idea
is strikingly original and daring and In
its present development promises great
things. . Other work in hand are two de
signs for mantels that have been accept
ed, some excellent arid original friezes
and a number, of other, architectural de
signs that show much artistic merit.
Mifcs'McGlashan is a daughter of C. F.
McGlashan, a (leading attorney bt Truc
kee. '.She has been* studying for the last
seven years. Her first Instruction was
from Etouglas" Tilden,' under whom she re
mained three years. Two subsequent
years she soent In New York and the
remainder of the time" she has modeled
at her home. In manner she is delight
fully ingenue, with the odor of pines In
her ' talk j and the color of mountain
streams in her wide open blue eyes. And
she 18 terribly but pleasantly in' earnest
about her work, her aims and what she
deems her lack of attainment. She in
tends to go to Paris in time.
"My father is willing: to send me to
Paris to continue my studies, " provided
I can demonstrate a commercial value to
my art," she said, "so that In case any
thing should happen to. him I would be
able to make my own living, and I have
come to San Francisco for that purpose."
Paris may as well commence preparing
the spare room, as the little' girl from
the top of the Sierras will b© there in a
short time. ,
] San Francisco painters and . sculptors
have at last' combined with practical re
sults for the establishment of a salon, a
matter which has been discussed for
many years, but previous plans have
never resulted in realization.
The first annual salon of the painters
and sculptors will open in the Maple room
of the Palace Hotel Wednesday, Novem
ber 11, with the object of establishing a
precedent that It la hoped will result In
the upbuilding of a local salon equal to
those held in some of tne Eastern cities.
SKETCH SUBMITTED BY ROBERT I. AITKEN. THE SCULPTOR, FOR THE PROPOSED MONUMENT TO BE
ERECTED BY THE BOHEMIAN CLUB TO THE MEMORY OF FRANCIS BRET HARTE AND PLACED IN ONE
OF THE PUBLIC PARKS OF THE CITY. ' '
The Christmas Delineator.
TT>? Delineator for r>K-*nil>or, r>ut to-rlay.
COTEpris^a 240 page* and will havp a first edi
tion of more than a million cojiiei". T2S tons
of paper and 4i< press* 1 * working 25 days were
required to print this mammoth issue. It con
tains exijuielte color wcrk. clever stories, Mrik
lr.riy illustrated articles, charming fashions
¦ nd papers by experts on topics of fitertst to
every department of the home. KFpecially
noteworthy Jeatur»-e are Fhort stories ttj Rich
ard L«e CJallienne. Andrew- Lar?. W. A. Frazer.
Albert Billow Paine airi Harriet Preecott
Hpofford. In a.ldltmn there is an illustrated
papr by Gustav Kobbe describing the life
cf Mme. Emma name* in h«r Italian home.
with a full-pas*? portrait in <y>lorf ot the. great
American prirr.a donna, an-i the third install
ment of "The Kvolati->n r>f a Club Woman,"
a narrative of Hubdum that Is causing much
fomramt !n feminine circles. Verse of the
bigheFt character and the work of the most
famous lllustratfTT round out the number.
In a Elmple death notice the demise of
a locally celebrated character of a few
years ago was published In all the pa
pers of last Saturday. "John Harrington,
aged 62 years," is the manner in which
his passing was announced.
The deceased was no other than "Hap
py Jack," who from 1865 until ten years
ego was the subject of many a newspaper
wticle. Some of these comments -were
good, but as a rule otherwise. "Happy
.*ack" Harrington came in for words that
¦were hardly coming to a man whose heart
m-rs once in the right place.
W'hen "Jack" first reached California
lie at once added himself to the "gang."
He was a handsome, good natured fel
low anJ typical of the Ntw York rounder
ifho came to San Francisco to get the
money that was plentiful about the gam
bling-houses that filled the district where
the Hall of Justice now stands.
•Jack" was known then as a man who
r^uld bunko the verdant visitor to the city
with a frequency that was astonishing
to the more polished members of the fra
ternity that lived by their wits. Not that
he was a card player, or a sure-thing
rn2n. but with that suavity of speech that
is in this day designated as confidence
talk "Happy Jack" was In a class by
himself.
FATAL B.ESULT OF BRAWL.
Down at the southwest corner of Jack
son and Kearny streets one night "Jack"
pot into trouble with "Billy" Dwyer. and
the result of the quarrel was that Dwyer
was killed.
"Jack" at his trial claimed self-defense
and the jury took that view of It. For
a whale after that Harrington, by his un
ceasing energy, managed to accumulate
quite a fortune for one of his class, and
during his prosperity he was looked upon
as one of the best dressers along the
line of the tenderloin. In the latter
part of the seventies Harrington in\*ested
his money in a variety hall at the south
east corner of Third and Mission streets,
In the basement of the Crooks building.
Fortune was still kind to him and his
money, while much of it went to his
tailors and jewelers, was spent in charity
and in good times for himself and friends.
No becgar, however lowly, was ever
passed by by "Jack," and many a heart
was gladdened with the pieces of coin
that came from "Happy's" pocket when
the hand of friendship was extended.
When times changed "Jack," like other
old-timers of his ilk, commenced to feel
the difference, but tried hard to keep up
his end and display his usual spirits.
Finally business at his place waned to
such an extent that he was forced to give
up his theater, and before he realized it
he was again penniless.
EETTJBNS TO OLD LIFE.
"Happy Ja<:k." under the depressing
influence of hard times, soon again
became a "rounder." To vary the
monotony and In a spirit of earnestness
"Jack" joined the Salvation Army, and
in spite of the jeers of his friends kept it
up for some time.
He finally deserted the Salvationists, 1 re
joined his old associates again and one
night was arrested on a charge of robbery.
He was convicted and sent to San Quen
tin for a term of years, but after a short
time his frienda interested themselves in
his case, proved his innocence and pro
cured his pardon.
When "Jack" came out he had to de
pend on his friends for a while, until
he secured a job in a saloon.
About ten years ago Harrington fell
on the sidewalk, broke his leg and had
to have it amputated. Since then he had
eked out an existence by peddling lottery
tickets.
The funeral will take place to-day at
1 o'clock from an Eddy-street undertak
er's. The expenses of the funeral will be
borne by Tax Collector Edward J. Smith.
Burglars entered the residence of E. A.
Benson at 12S1 Nineteenth avenue, Rich
mond district, early Saturday morning.
The family was asleep at the time the
crime was committed, and the loss was
not disrovcred until after 7 o'clock. The
detective department was notified and
men were detailed to make an inves
tigation. A small amount of cash was' all
the thieves secured, althoug-h consider
able jewelry \raa in the house at the time.
Mr. Benson and his family retired coon
after midnight, and the theft was com
mitted between that time and dawn. The
thieves gained entrance by forcing a win
dow In the kitchen. Th^y then proceeded
to ransack the place while the inmates of
the house slept. Nearly everything in
Feveral of the rooms was disturbed and
gave evidence of a thorough search.
About $¥ 50 in coin was all the crooks se
cared. Jewelry valued at about $300 was
in one of the rooirs searched, but was
fortunately overlooked.
The police consider the crime a. hold
"r.e. Inasmuch as there were people in the
house at the time who might have been
awakened by the intruder*. Th? large in
crease in crime within the last thr^e
w^efcj, is exciting th*» jttJthoriTi^s to spe
cial vtgilanc*. Almost the entire detec
tive force !s wat^hins: for burglars and
porch-climbers, many of whom are sup
posed to be in the city. It is thought that
¦ 11 the criminals opTafinK are experts In
their line and th.it several of them have
come from the East to "work" San Fran
cisco during the winter months.
All the pawnshops are closely vratched
and the residence district is patrolled bv
*xtra, men. Captain of Detectives Martin !
1* of the cpinion that Rome of the crooks
¦will be landed behind the bars before
long.
Once Possessed of Wealth,
He Passes Away
Penniless.
Thieves Secure Coin, but
Overlook Valuable
Jewelry.
Residence of E. A. Ben
son Looted While.
Family Sleepa
John Harrington's End
Comes in Midst of
Poverty.
Chooses Scene From ''Tennessee's Pardner" as Subject for Pro
posed Monument to Great Western Writer— Mountain Maiden
Ogens Studio in City-— Artists and : Sculptors to Exhibit
DEATH CLAIMS
"HAPPY JACK"
BURGLARS ENTER
RICHMOND HOUSE
SCULPTOR AITKEN SUBMITS
DESIGN FOR HARTE MEMORIAL
Pie Bakers Return to Work.
The pie bakers, who have been out on
strike for a week, will return to work to
day. At a meeting of the employers and
the employes yesterday the differences
were settled and the men agreed to re
turn to their places.
CONEY ISLAND BECOMES
CENTER OF ATTRACTION
"Birth of Christ" Is Special Feature
at New Resort Near Ocean
Beach.
A large crowd of people assembled at
Coney Island Gardens yesterday and en
joyed the vaudeville programme and side
attractions. Amateurs contributed to the
entertainment, and the spectators got
their* money's worth. The programme
ended with a four-round boxing contest
between Deacon Jones from Darktown
and Jim Brooks from Dundee. Owing to
a slight accident Miss Madge Emerson did
not make a balloon ascension.
The "Birth of Christ," a spectacular and
model exhibit, which Is shown in the old
depot building, is. a great attraction.
Every incident and scene In connection
with the coming of the Redeemer is shown
in miniature and is exceedingly realistic.
Giuseppe Costanza, who planned and
placed the exhibit, profited by the expe
rience of his father, he having been em
ployed to place the cribs and some of the
statuary in St. Peter's, In Rome.
Among the exhibitors, who number over
twenty-five of California's representative
artists, are such well-known painters as
Charles Rollo Peters, C. J. Dlckman, /.
"W. Clawson, Harry Stuart Fonda. G. Ca
denasso, Lucia K. Matthew, L. Maynard
Dlxon, John M. Gamble and N. W. Sea
well. The sculptors include A. Putnam,
R. I. Altken and A. Le Jeune.
About 150 canvases of various sizes in
oil, water color and pastelle will be hung,
showing the latest and best effects of
the various contributors who have been
preparing for some months to make this
exhibition notable as an artistic success.
The salon opens Wednesday afternoon
at 2 o'clock and will continue opened the
remainder of the week, both afternoon
and evening. The opening day will be
patrons' day. The rest oi the week the
exhibition will be open to the public gen
erally. No charge will be made for ad
mittance and all art lovers will be cor
dially welcomed.
George E. Saner, a druggist of Denver.
Colo., arrived in this city yesterday and
is stopping at the Russ House. The ob
ject of his visit is to Institute suit to re
cover real estate in this city claimed to
be valued at nearly $500,000 and which has
been In the name of the late Dr. I*. C.
Lane and comprises part of the large es
tate left by the deceased physician.
Saner claims that he and four other
heirs of the late Dr. E. S. Cooper of
Galesburg, 111., are entitled to this prop
erty under the will of the late Dr. Ellas
Cooper of this city, founder of the Coop
er Medical College and one of the most
eminent practitioners in the history of
San Francisco. According to Saner'a
statement, Dr. Ellas Cooper left to his
brother. Dr. E. S. Cooper of Galesburg,
certain parcels of land in this city which
the latter never conveyed to any one.
Saner is a grandson of the Eastern Dr.
Cooper and is one of five direct heirs.
After Dr. Ellas Cooper's death in this
city, Saner says, Dr. Lane bought out the
Interests of all the other heirs in the
estate except that of his grandfather, who
refused all of Dr. Lane's offers. Not
withstanding this, according to Saner, Dr.
Lane took possession of the holdings and
enjoyed all the profits from them, and
when he died conveyed them with his
own property to the beneficiaries of his
will. Saner's grandfather never made any
attempt to assert his rights, according to
his grandson, but told his grandchil
dren that the property was his and that
they would succeed to all his interests
In it.
Saner says he has not had an oppor
tunity to examine Into the exact status
of tha property as yet and was not in a
position to state more fully what his ex
act plans are. He has employed counsel
who will begin an Immediate Investiga
tion Into the records with the intention
of instituting such proceedings as may be
best to determine the proper ownership
of the real estate in question.
Says His Grandfather Owned
Property Conveyed by
the Doctor.
George E. Saner Claims
Interest for Himself
and Others.
LANE REALTY
IS IN DISPUTE
SANTA, ROSA, Nov. 8.— An unknown Span
iard vas killed by one. of the trains of 'the
California Northwestern i Railroad some timo
Friday nlsht. The man wan found lying be
side the track about two miles south of this
city yesterday morning.
BETIBES AS ATTOB1TCY
FOB BOABD OF TBADE
Walter D. Mansfield, Famous as a
Champion Flycaster, Honored
by Former Employers.
Walter D. Mansfield, who for fifteen
years has been on» of the attorneys for
the Board of .Trade, has resigned his offi
cial position to enter the broader field of
general practice. The officials ; lof ; the
board replied to Mr. Mansfield's letter of
resignation as follows: >«>
SAN VRANCISCCV. Nov. 2. 190a. —
Mr. Walter J>. Mansfleld^ — ¦ . "
Dear Fir: - Tour resignation "aa assistant at
torney of the Board of Trade of San Francisco
has been receive* with sincere* regret and is
reluctantly accepted to take effect at- your
pleasure and the convenience of Mr. Kirk.
Were It at all probable that you could be In
duced to reconsider your action we would moat
earnestly urge you to do so. The contrary be
ing the case, the directors of this Institution
cannot permit the occasion to pass without re
cording their deep appreciation of the valuable
and faithful services you have rendered to the
members of the Board of Trade of San Fran
cisco during the past fifteen years.
In this respect it is appropriate to state
that the records here of the thousands of ease*
coming under your direct personal chare* are
the meet enduring testimonials of your ability,
carefulness and thoroughness, for they are un
marked by a single error resulting In loss or in
jury to creditors' a fact which should be your
highest commendation to the good will of the
members of this association.
In your adoption ef the private practice oC
the lair our best wishes attend you. and wo
are convinced that your fine lesral attainments,
coupled with your zeal, fidelity, firmness and
courtesy, will lead to a full realization of your
most cherished aspirations In yonr new Beld
of activity. Aj an additional mark of esteem
we take pleasure in affixing our Individual
names hereto: A. A. Wtttktas.' president: H.
L. Smith, secretary: Isaac Uphara, Sanforrt
Bennett, S. Nickelsburg. ¦William Cluff, Martin
Triest. H. M. Holbrook. T. 3. Parsons. Leopolrt
Mlchels, A. A. Watklns, directors Board of
Trade of San Francisco.
Mr. Mansfield is an ardent angler and
his proficiency In this pastime save him
an international reputation as the world's
champion fly caster.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1903.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS. • - *
mr/f'f^^^j * jt»mgS ///7?qlfflfk&ff5 n^^^^^^m tH Iflr llll H H In? «S ffl§ "**¦ B|| m& LjSl Kga -"*• *¦*** IlioL CUlLlOli lt/1 JL-/ CvZCIIl DCi IS OVCl
HHBI^^^^^^^ iC^P^t^|^^^ : most helpful to women for their own and their children's dressing. It
• BBffBMB^P trr fi"t :A " ""^ entertaining articles for the leisure hours of mother and
child, and its departments cover every phase of the home and social life.
J^^PiOU.miM^ JgflHMCTgFI r^mteailPHI^^-^gi^^iOBB^^l * * w^w^w^«^ ; We have issued a beautiful 50c (25c.
\'^'>?^"^^f^^0^^00M ¥^ A ¥yVHHTdf\df^¥^ ' sfT^Yls^T Yftf^^^T^ * 8^ ¦ - ¦ - t0 su^ c "^ 3ers ) four-sheet Calendar for
i''^: «* :^ 'A «4 ' ' V^'JisWjiww^^wv^^w^ : and rfeesente BABYHOOD, Om-DHOQD, '.
f^HIf TIHflt»rifV -MIYTH'ITRfiOllil GIRLHOOD and MOTHERHOOD. A black and white
/t^m^P^^^M0^^^^0mm /t^K^^^^^^^^^^M^l^M -r *r** > V^*^ iKl :^*<'*V?I* : ***^"**>^>f ."¦>.'¦ ' miniature of this will be sent free to anyone writing a
X*{jg^^|5|~;";^ ;• -. •• ' ' xi^- U. 1*4 ' 4-U postal for it and mentioning this paper. Write to-day.
taB ° Kam y^h^- --* of your Newsdealer, or any Botterick Agent, or of the Publishers, at 15c. a>py,$l for an entire year. The Butterick Fob. Co., Ltd., 7-17 W. 13th St., H. Y.
AD Vj^TI^EJCEHTS.
Skin Diseases
Eczema, Salt Rheum, Pimples;
Ringworm, Itch, Ivy Poison, Acne
or other skin troubles, can be
promptly cured by
I Hydrozone is endorsed by leading
physicians. It is absolutely harm-
less, yet most powerful • healing
agent. Hydrozone destroys para-
sites which cause these diseases.
Take no substitute and see that
every bottle bears my signature.
Trlrvl Size. 25 Cents* ¦
At Druggist* or by mail, from
__„„ rnonVlft on tbe rational tr«at-
r*»BH mcnt % f diseases seat free . ¦
ui Make Yonr Ifome y
y More Attractive M
\ A Nothing win do it so well \*
\&a or so cheaply aa tasteful pic- h^I
1 >9 tures nicely framed, and thty BjM
need net b<» expensive. «lthw. w M
f^J The right kind of a LJsk
Q Picture Frame W
rH adds much to tha attractive- Bm
K 1 n«ss of the picture. We study Br7
SSJ to produce appropriate and ar- W A
HI tlstlc frames at th« lowest US
Wk possible coot. Our «pl«ndi<l TOg
JjFd ' line of RiotdingTa enables us to I tu
MH frame properly any picture l
I \| aubmltted. Let us make your Ha!
¦k 1 next frame on approbation. Hr I
¦M You wilt not have to tak* it f A
or\ unless It is In every way sat* (^S
M GALLAGHER BROS. SU
AA 27 GRANT AVB. j\
shirts!
ARE THE BEST i
AT THE PRICE,!]
CLUETT, PEABODY <& CO. |
i MAKERS I \THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1903
8
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like to take care
of a child in the daytime and come home
evenings; reference. Please call 382 Fifth
-St.. downstairs. -• '¦ ' : ¦
EXPERT fitter, lady, wishes position in large
commercial establishment; will only accept
offer from firm paying good salary. Box 150,
Call office. '_ -
WANTED — A situation for downstairs work; a
good ccok; wages $30: references: ts willing
j to do some washing. 1410 Octavia Bt.
| RESPECTABLE girl wishes position to do
] housework nnd plain cooking in goodr plain
I family. 316 Linden ave.
i RESPECTABLE lady, good cook, wants posi-
tion as housekeeper, to take full charge of a
household; city or country. Box 2043, Call.
COMPETENT girl wishes a situation for second
work. Box 2029. Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
KMl'LOYMISNT AVA^£^ )^|[ A J jE^ m
POSITION wanted by energetic, ambitious and
thoroughly experienced accountant and man-
ager; desires on account wife's health to
leave Chicago; will consider nothing but emi-
nently desirable propositions, as he Is earning
a large Ef.lary and has no reason for wishing
to change other than Riven above: bond if
required. Address MERRILL, 4061 Prairie
ave.. Chicago, 111.
AN English butler, with 3 years' references,
wants a situation; city or country. Call or
address MISS PLUNKETT'S Employment
Bureau. 425 Sutter St., near Powell.
WANTED — By a first-class mechanic, painting
or paper hanging by the day or contract; will
furnish all tools. R. D. MARSHALL. 429
I Dc.-uglass st. ¦
• A RELIABLE man wishes place as coachman
and gardener; can milk; references. Box
. 3417. Call office. "
WANTED — Steady position; understand care of
garden, horses, cows; handy with tools; ref-
erences. Box 3410, Call office.
ENERGETIC young man. 25 years old, of good
appearance and all-round hustler. Is desirous
of accepting position as traveling salesman
with mercantile house. Box 2020, Call.
t\ ANTED — By young man, married, work
around mine, or mill; can handle mine or
mill machinery-, tool sharpening, assaying;
rot afraid work ; take anyth'g. Box 2025, Call.
AN elderly man wishes a position as manager
for a hotel, restaurant, lodging-house or
club: No. 1 references. C. L., 372 Linden ave.
MARRIED man, no children, wishes position
on ranch; understands farming and 1b handy
with tool*: Rood references. Box 2CJH, Call.
A RELIABLE couple wish to take charge of
place at a monthly salary; board themselves
and hire their own help. T. S.. 77 Ninth st.
BUTLER or valet with city reference, expe-
rience, desires position. Box 2040, Call office.
WANTED— -A (Position of trust or collector;
references and bonds given. Box 2030. Call.
SANDSTONE and marble cutter wants .posi-
tion, city or country. 388 Fifth Bt. ?
HONEST Japanese wants work in store, fac-
tory or saloon. JAMES KIMI. 6 Central
place. Telephone James 170C.
JAPANESE, honest, reliable boy, wants a posi-
tion as waiter in family; speaks well. S.
KICHI. 807 Polk St.; tel. Polk 3SC2.
JAPANESE wants situation to do cooking and
plain washing in family. S. MORI, 807 Polk
St.; tel. Polk 3802. - -
JAPANESE strong man wants position to do
any kind ot work before 7:30 a. m. or after
5:30 p. m. AKI. 1303>4 Castro st
JAPANESE boy wants a position as school-
boy; speaks English. GEORGE HAYASHI,
care Xako Hotel. 5C9 Bush St..
JAPANESE boy wants position as schoolboy In
small family near hl?rh school. H. MOTOKI,
Japanese Mission, 807 Polk st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch otflce. cor. Duncan & Church sts.
PACIAI. rfASSACKE.
A — WRINKLES removed; fine complexion guar-
anteed, new method; 50c. M. LUTON. mani-
curing parlors. 704 Larkln st.: phon.» Polk 17.
FLATS TO LKT. ~ ~"
A— HOUSES and flate to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
ttiis department: it will eave you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
St., on the square. ;
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses are
listed in our renting department; let us give
you a Hut and help you find one In the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FUKNITURE
COMPANY. 1039 Market st. ; services abso-
lutely free.
A" NEARLY new. C-roonT sunny corner flat:*
basement; flrst-class In every respect. 3945
Seventeenth s«t.. near Market; Castro and
Elghtfenth-street care.
NEW, modern, up-to-date 7-room flats, mid-
dle and upper; 731-733 Fulton st.; rents
$32 CO and $35; near Buchanan st. Apply
MADISON & BURKE. 1
TO let — Single flat over store, 4 rooms, bath
and kitchen;. $15 per month. 1417 Paciflc
st., near Hyde.
CHENERY and Fairmount sts. — New -5 and 6
rooms. I $20 and $22 50. BURNHAM &
! MARSH, 211 Montgomery st.
CASTRO, 506. near ISth — Sunny 6-room flat,
modern conveniences, bath; rent $25.
DOWN town flatr(upper), north side. 7 rooms,
bath. 628 Golden Gate ave:. near Van Ness.
JONES, .510, near O'Farrell — Rear lower I fiat.
three sunny rooms; large cellar; rent $13.
ELLIS. 810. nr. Polk — For business purposes; 3
rms. ; all conveniences; electric light., power.
PINE, -769, near Powell— New, sunny, middle
fiat; 6 rooms and bath; rent $55.
POST. 1339 — New 2-story upper flat 8 rooms:
bath; sun all day; detached. - ¦ ;- -: \
•FOUR furnished rooms, $90; 'flat to let. . 461'
Hayes st. ' . * " : . ¦> ; <¦ -.; ¦
S'l'KMXUKE FOII SALR.
520 ¦ WILL buy furniture of a 3-room . flat If
eold to-day; rent $5. 32 Jessie Bt.
$225— TO rent or sell: ' furniture I of ' 6 i rooms,
complete: new. ' SOflA": Folsom st. •¦¦> : ¦' . .*.:
PCRKITPHE ."WANTED.' ?>,'« * yf
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 44C2,
buys, rents. . repairs, packs furniture, carpets.,
HIGHEST price. for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURP, auctloneer.1818 Mkt. ;t el. Howard 27B6.
. HELP , WASTBDt-FKMALK. ., „>..'
GIRLS about 15 for factory work; good .wages.
Apply at once. AMES & ' HARRIS. 100 Sac-
..•ramento st. .- , .' xr ., '¦¦ ..¦;¦ * .¦ -.*"¦ >?»'„•.
A GIRL to assist in general housework. 1282
Page, st. r
Tw-mwn nsWiiUWBnlrMWTsW ¦ " . ' " " . — ' - ' ' . .-
¦ ;N<; riOCSES_ TO LET. ¦
A PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will -save you tima and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-250 Geary
St.. on the square.
CASTRO, 800 — 8 sunny rooms, bath, large base-
ment; yard, garden. Key 811.
DETACHED sunny house; 5 rooms. ' bath, yaro,
cellar. 1633 Laguna St.. near Sutter.
HOUSE, store, 5 rooms and bath, large yard,
chicken houses. 153 Day St.; $20.
BEFORE movlcg get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN *¦ HOWELL. 25 Po*t st.
LOST AND FOUND.
FOUND — Diamond sunburst. Goush and Pine
sts., Sept. 1C; same has been In charge of
Police Department since found ; owner can
have same by proving property and paying
• expenses. Inquire DETECTIVE THOMAS
RYAN. Hall of Justice.
LOST — Gold watch and vest chain: monogram
M N. S.; case number M 3308; works num-
ber 2430757. Return to 638 Mission St.; re-
ward.
LOST— Friday at 3:30 p. m. on Devisadero st..
between G. O. ave and Eddy st.. a chamois
bag containing 5 rings. Return to 1710 G. G.
ave. $100 reward; no questions."*
LOST — A pass book with the Hlbemla Savings
and Loan Sosiety of San Francisco in th<t
name of ALICE E. PROVENCE. No. 271-
023. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Pocket-book containing note and cor-
tract; $5 reward. CRAIGIE SHARP. 713
Sycamore at., Oakland.
FOUND — Purse on Halght car. Sunday after-
noon. Call at 2063 Mission st. and describe.
LOST— A black puppy; license No. 322. Return
to 259 Stevenson St.; reward.
IT win pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter St.. Deeds o!d
gold and ullver to make new watch caaea-
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed: 30
years' experience; removed to 828 Post st. -
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all ?e-
m&le troubles and irregularities; Instant f* I
lief guaranteed. 1008^ Market St., opp. 8th,
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market St. -' .
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints: lnst. relief;
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5; 25 yrs. exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 111S Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical car?: low fees.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1120 Market st.
DR. ROSEN resides 2903 Folsom st., cor. 26th;
ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell st.. opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
M1SCELLAIVEOP3— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 105-197 Fremont »t.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?"
..' Repair it with elaterite; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good ovsr old
Iron. • tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATEKITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys,, shafting, etc.. etc., bought, sold.
rented and exchanced; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
A— Fine suits. $7 BO: dress pants. $2 CO. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23S Kearny St..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m.; Sunday to noon.
A— $3 CO DERBY and Fedora hits, $1 73. Pop-^
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near
Pine: open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cost;
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog
sent free. R. E. Revalk & Co.. San Francisco.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50: we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog, free.
20 FRESH milch cows and springers, $35-$40
each. Inquire SAM aFTERGUT, Mission
road, near Seven-Mile House and county line.
A VERY fine diamond heart for $210 at W. J.
HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
100,000 BRICK for sale.. Inquire at California
Housewreckers, NW. cor. Mission and 10th.
3, 8 AND 10 bp. gasoline engines; 2d-hand; all
sizes; new. E. B. BECK A CO.. 122 Market.
NEW and second hand machinery of all kinds.
KROOH MNFO. CO.. 519 Market st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MOVING pictures, marie lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard ft Breck. 131 Poat st.
MILES of pipe and fittings: all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 100 Vallejo at.
MOVING picture film and song slides. 109
Montgomery st.
SAFES — New and second hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market St.-
AH bargalss;camp stools and chairs ;hammocks,
metal beds,mattresses.J.F.Hotter.7l2 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER fe CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MISCELLANEOUS WASTS.
WANTED — Air compressor, duplex. 12x14, belt
driven; state make.
1 1 Westingbouse motor. 60 to 75 horsepower.
- 1 return Hue tubular boiler. 64x16, complete
with fixtures, stack, etc; give lowest cash
All" the above must be In first-class condi-
tion; to be delivered f. o. b. Sacramento.
Box 2003. Call office.
PAINTING, tinting. paperinR'and wall paper
cleaning: work done at right prices. M. II.
MORRIS, 1214 Geary st.; phone 2159.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES, .
1149 Market st. : phone Jessie 3741, or postal.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.: tel. Jessie 23^1.
A BIG orice paid for sealskins; send postal.
23 StOfktnn rt. : nhone Bimh 4S4.
~~ mu.vkv to loa.1. ~~
aXi— h^rma^T14uhph£ ~
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc. ; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests to property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly conadentlal.
*¦$«*«*. When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY. '
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal; to permanent salaried people on
their note without security or knowledge of
employer; lowest rates; no commission. NA-
TIONAL CREDIT CO.. CS and 69 Donohc*
building. 1170 Market st. ¦
HIGHLY respectable private, place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Stor*. 84S
Market St.; tel. Main 1644. . Branch, 19 Third.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANiJ on fur^
r.lture, pianos or to salaried people on their
' note; proper treatment guaranteed. ILLINOIS
TRUST CO.. r. 16. Phelan bid., tel. Main 704.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; largest business in
" 46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no remov-
¦ v al. no commission, no publicity ;52S up; quick.
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 7.
M. JACOBSEN & CO., room 621, Emma Spreck-
els Building, loans money on real estate and
all. other securities; confidential: low rates.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant avel.
LOAN'S FROM $1 TO $10.000.
MONEY to loan en low Interest; gold, stiver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture; Indorsed notes and other security. S. V.
Discount Agency. 143 Pbelan building. .
YOU can borrow mora money on your furnltur*
than any other place- In city: no commission.
C12 . Parrott '. bnildlng: " Dhone South W3.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
" privacy; no commission; Installments accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
OPEN Credit * Ass' n.~ loans on salaries conflden-
' tlally; new, simple plan. Room 50. 819 Market. 1
ON ¦ personal" and real property. -E. -W. LICK.
•1003 Mutual Savings Bank bldg.. 70S Market, i
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. O. W.
- :. MILLER. ¦ room 74. 5th floor. Chronicle bldg.'
:3%'ON furniture A pianos; »15 up; no removal.
.-.¦.-. V. TREMA1N. room SI. 6 Eddy St.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and -Jewelry 2 per cent
't. mo.' 8. , F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny/
STAR ¦- Loan • Co. of Wyoming , loans ¦ money to
. salaried employes. R.311, Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.*
CASH loaned salaried people on cotes without
ladorser. M.ORELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
THE CALL
JOKrr O. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Afiiress CciicimicatiSEs ta JOSH jMADGHT, Manager
TELEPHONE.
Atk for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
r.ett You With the Department You Wish.
ruMicAtion Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Utlivercd by Curriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Ct*. I'rr Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Tcrrr.f by Mail. Including Postage (Cash With
Order) :
DAILY CALL Oodud Sunday). 1 year. . SS.Ofl
DAILY CALL Unr'.ud. Sunday). 6 mos.. 4.00
DAILY CALI By Single Month 75c
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Tear 2.50
MTKKLT CALL. 1 Year 1-00
FOREIGN Dally.. ..$S.W» Per Year Extra
nrMnT^v .Sunday.. 4.15 Per Year Extra
FOST.^Ufc.. \v«-«kly.. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Fatrple Copied will he forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail subscriber* in ordering chanc of «d-
Cr-ft FhouUl be particular to clve both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
I'rorr.pt and corrt-ct compliance w'.th their r«-
qufftr*
OAKLAND OFFICE:
I12S DpsJ«-*y Telephone Main 108S.
BERKELEY OFFICE:
THS Center Street Telephone North .«.
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT: J\
MORTON E. CRANE 14O« G Street. N. W.
NEW YORK KEWB STANDS:
Waldorf - Aetcrta Hotel: A. BrerTs.no. 31
t'ricn Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-ave-
nue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman H'.-us*-: P. O. News Co.: Great
Xorthrrn Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE.
C. GEORGE KROGNESS..M.".rquette Build's
(Long Distance Telephone, "Central 2619.")
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEniEN S. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BOBCCESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner Market end Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock «-very right In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
£?7 Montgomery ttreet. corner Clay: open un-
til P:30 p. m.
.¦'00 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
«•"» McAllister street; orjrri until 9:50 p. m.
nn Larkin street; open until »:30. p. m.
1941 Mission street; crien until 10 p. m.
"2f'l Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. .m.
3f>ti Eleventh street; open until 8 p. m.
1O9H Valencia street; open until a p. m.
Northeast corner Church ana Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and
Kentucky stretts; open until 9 p. m.
C?f>0 Fillmore street; oi>en until 9 p. m.
MEETFSG NOTICES.
ASVLI'M of Golden Gate Commandery >-
No. lfi. K. T., 0C5 Sutter st.— Special ig?
assembly THIS EVENING at 8 .j^I
oV'.ock. Order of Temrle. All fra- 1gp
tere are courteously Invited. By or-
der of the Commander.
THEO. FROLICH. Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter, No. 1. Royal m
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. "^Af
M. M. degree. /?>
H. G. PRINCE. Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. & A. « .
M— THIS (MOSDAT) EVENING at -aANf
7 :.-.o o -clr<k. First degree. By order />T>
of the Master.
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Secretary.
6PERAN/-A 1TALIANA LODGE NO. a
gia F. & A. M.— The officers andW
members of the above-named lodire are /V\
hereby rotlned to attend the funeral
.if our !*te brother. GAETANA SIMI. at
Mascni'- Temple cor. Post and Montgomery
m* on Monday. November 9. 1903. 'at 12:30
p m Master Masons and friends of the de-
ceased sre invited. By order of tbe Master.
By order Of the Master.
lij oro r i q SCALMINIXL Secretary.
KING BcJomon'e Lodge No. 2<5O. F. and Q
A M.. 1S» Fillmore st.— Second de-WNf
' gree THIS (MOSDAT) EVENING at /V\
7 :3O O'rt* k. HAKRY BAEHR. Sec
J^T-iRR KIN<? Lodte No. 344. F. and «
A M.. SU Devisadero St.— First de- W
Ft*t THIS EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. /^f\
Matter Masons cordially invited. By
order of the W. M.
A. A. ANDERSON, Secretary.
I'OHONACHEE Tribe No. 10. Im- 4^Rw
proved <-«. R. M. — Brothers: You
an hereby r.ntif;<v1 to attend the vSrear 1
funeral of our late brother. PAULINE PE-
TERPON. at the funeral parlors of Gantner
Dros . 12^9 Mission rt., between Eighth and
Ninth, on TUESDAY. November 10. at 2
o'clock p. m.
WILLIAM NUTTALL. C. of R-
S. M. WEBB. Sachem.
ANNUAL Meeting.— Notice Is hereby given
that the thirteenth annual meeting of
the stockholders of the San Francisco Home
Mutual Loan Association will be held at the
office of the Corporation. No. 618 Montgom-
ery st.. San Francisco, WEDNESDAY. Nov.
1L 1903, at 3 o'clock p. m., for the purpose
of electing directors for the ensuing year.
.presentation of the thirteenth annual report
end the transaction of ruch business as may
come before the meeting. Books are now
opeu fcr 1O00 shares of stock of the four-
teenth series. By order of the Board of Di-
rectors. A. SBARBORO. Secretary.
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting — The annual meet-
ing cf The Union Ice Company will be held
at the office of the company, 32t Pine st..
San Francisco, on WEDNESDAY, November
IS. 11*03, at 3:15 p. m., for the purpose of
electing a board of directors to serve for the
onming year and for the transaction of such
other business ats may come before the meet-
ing. C. K. MELROSE. Secretary.
November 4. l!>03.
AT1OK.M3YS-AT-LAW.
~ XHviCE FREE. "~-~~™—™~
OLD ESTABLISHED.
COLUMBIAN LAW A COLLECTION AGENCT
Able attorneys. Km. b5. U1(S Market, opposite
Emporium. Bad tenants ejected speedily and
reasonably. Collections, no matter how srnaii,
attended to; attachments; bonds furnished; cor-
porations organized; civil and criminal practice.
Tel. John C22G. Open evenings by appointment.
We solicit an interview with you.
THE LEGAL ADVISORY. Inc.
Practice in Federal and all State courts.
Attachments, divorce, mining, bankruptcy,
f.roeecutions. adjustments, corporations, pat-
ents, estates, probate.
Experienced and Reliable Attorneys Engaged.
ACvice guaranteed. Correspondence .-solicited.
Cll. 511A. 511B Crossley Bldg. Tel John 2826.
N. E. Cot. New Montgomery and Mission Sts.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fee.
S«-e ir* ar* save money; no pay In advance.
G. W HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 yrs. ; rms. 1, 2, 3. 4 & 5. 1st fl.
C, 1122 Market Ft., between Mason and Taylor.
Advic* free, sU matters. Detectives employed.
ROBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
room Cll : all cases, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc., ooasultatioa
free; no advance charges; call or write;
cvenirgs by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE fret — I will advance cost In meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
cases; no fees Sn advance; open even-
ing. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market St., r. 3L
ADVICE free — 1 will advance costs In all cases
of merit; no advance charges, no fee. unless
eucccsEfui. E. J. BANKS. Examiner build-
ing, third floor.
DIVOKCE co»t» $12; opeu evenings- tenants
ejected. $3. 810 Market, r. C2. phone Black Wl.
DIVORCE — Costs. $12; <jui<"k. quiet; open even-
- ings. 027 Market rt.. room 501.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket Ft.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
AITKEN * AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 309-10-11
Clunie bid?.. U)3 California «t. : %<». Main 727.
N. TEMPLE, atty-at-law. 03 Chronicle bldg.;
commissioner for oathc. England and IrelanJ.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
law business. W. W. Davidson. 927 Market.
lllSI.VUSS CIIAAC12S.
ALUMINUM — The roetsl of the future; a new
process for Its production discovered by v.-Uich
th* comiiany new forming will control the
i/.arh'-u ot the world; we areeffering a small
allotment cf clock at public subscription;
Fend for prospectus and particulars; the
opportunity of a lifetime. I. MAYER & SON.
453 Mermod ft Jaccard bldg.. Ft. Louis. Mo.
$SoO FOR man to work himself In manufactur-
ing business, u-holetuUe and retail, betides pool
and billiard hall; tend to cash; good income.
Call isio Folsom. near Fourth.
CIGAR rtore: north Market; make offer to-day.
Particulars 03 Third Bt.. cigar store. j
HORSESHOEING, carriage making business
fcr sale; owner Raving- city; bargain. Fell
and Gough sts.
$300 — GOOD paying restaurant. . with 3 fur-
' n i shed rooms above it; rent $35. 829 Mission.
FRUIT rtore. corner, doing- a good business;
horse and wagons.. Call 1545 Geary st.
BAKERY for sale at 1M0 Church St.; good
bueli:csc; all store trade; owner going East.
URANCH bakery for tale. 1020% HrH# stTTop- i
pesite power-bouse. ¦ ¦
HELP WAJTTED FEMALE— Con. /
A PARLORMAID and waitress for small
family. $30; a chambermaid who can sew
well f or private family $25; a laundress for
3 in family, steady place, in city. $30; ; a
flrst-class waitress for hotel cafe In city, $2o;
a cook for a lunch counter, $9 a week; a
eecond girl willing to assist with one grown
- child, place in Oakland, wages $30 a month;
a maid and seamstress for lady stopping at
hotel, $25; a nurse for one grown child. $25
(place in city); four cooks for plain places,
$30 each ; twenty houseglrls for city and
country places wages $25 and $30. MISS.
PLUNKETT, 425 Butter st.. near Powell.
A NURSE, invalid. $30; 2 second girls, $30
each; waitress, 8an Mateo, $30; cook, $30;
houseglrl, $30; woman for housework, must
sleep home. $25; lady's maid. San Rafael.
MRSL NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
A— Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish In 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladles, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up:
day and evening class, 143 Stockton St., r. 13.
A — WANTED— Girls to learn hatrdresslng,
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per w«ek up: leading school In
West. 233 Geary st.. room 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches halrdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc.. 1230 Mar-
ket st.. cor, Jones, room 04; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV.
KTERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'9
FACTORIES. 32% FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
COMPETENT girl for cooking and to, assist
with housework: .references required." Call
2172 Pine, bet. 9 and 12 a. m. »<.
YOUNG woman for housekeeping and cooking
for 3; no washing, no windows; Sundays and
evenings off; wages$20; references. 301 Eddy.
SKIRT and waist hands, also Improvers, want-
ed at 1407 Laguna st.
A GOOD girl for general housework; no cook-
ing. 1720 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Girl for plain cooking and down-
stairs work. 1611 Vallejo St., near Van Ness.
YOUNG girl for general housework and plain
cooking; Fmall family. 135 Central ave.
WANTED— A finisher on coats at 311 Fifth st.
Call at once.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday: salary no object.
WANTED — An experienced corset saleslady at
JOE ROSENBERG'S, 816. Market et.
WANTED — Girl for wrapping desk. Apply at
LIVINGSTON BROS.. 123-9 Post Bt.
WANTED — Reliable Protestant girl for a per-
manent position to care for grown children
and help with housework; references re-
qulred. Address box 2930. Call office.
WANTED — Young girls of good families to
learn stock keeping. Apply between 9 and
10 a. m., I. MAGNIN & CO.. 43-53 Ellis st. j
APPRENTICE wanted at dressmaking: paid j
while learning. MRS. M. G. ALLEN, 776
0'Farrell st. <• *¦¦
CIGARETTE makers wanted: learners taken;
steady work: good wages. The John Boll man
Co., corner Front and Paciflc sts.
WANTED— Girl with experience in bakery
store. 1130 Folsom st.
A GIRL to do cooking and housework: wages
$25. 1023 O'Farrell st.. near Van Ness ave.
WOMAN to travel; work pleasant, creative and
educational. Box 203S. Call office.
WANTED — Two first-class French irooers; po-
sitions steady. 760 McAllister st.
WANTED — A shirt polisher. French Laundry
Co.. 3372 Mission st.
SKIRT and waist hands for dressmaking at
1339 Webster st.
FIRST CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M G. Barrett, instructor, 302 Montgomery.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
HELP WANTED MALE.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
' • 520 Sacramento st. — 520.
Phone Main 1191. Cor. Leldesdorff st.
R. R. conductor, Central America, free fare
both ways.
15 laborers, clear land, cut brush, eta; $2 25
"day; cheap fare; go to-nlght._,
CHICO, BUTTE CO. — HALF FARE — SHIP
TO-NIGHT — 50 team5ters. 2 and 4 horse,
$2 25 and $2 50 day— TO-NIGHT. .
" OREGON— COAL MINERS— FREE FARE.
• jj Harnessmaker, ranch, ; boss here, $1 50 fd. ;
3 farmers, $30 f d. ; choreman.
5 tunnelmen, half fare, north, $60 fd.' <
;-:¦¦; 5 laborers, $2 25 day; cook, $40 fd. ; waiter,
: ' $30 fd. ; 6 laborers, $2 day; butcher, country
* shop, $35 fd. ; 2 miners, $75; 3 laborers, $60.
Men, call and see us. * We have other Jobs
not advertised. PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY, 520 Sacramento st.
MAN about place, $35 and found; coopers;
- woodchoppers,* $1 50 cord; fruit farmer and
wife, (45 and found; butler. $35 and found;
2 elevator boys. $30; hotel cook, country, $50
and found; oyster man, $40 and found, and
•others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento st. ;¦--•-.- '-..;;/- ¦¦¦¦¦. ' ¦:*¦': ¦'-¦':
ANDRE'S "of flee, 317 Stockton St.— Walter,
¦ plain hotel, ! $30 , found ; ' waiter, ¦ coffee-house,
$30 and room; butter, $40 to $50; second but-
ler, $35; broiler, $18 a week; sec-,
ond cook, $75; omnibus. ¦¦¦- hotel, $25; porter,
; • saloon. $23; = French or- Swiss confectioner,
$80, etc. ¦,'¦*¦-;, '-.-;;. ¦¦ t ¦ ¦¦•¦¦..-
A — HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery. R. 12.
Waiter for help's hall, $30.
A— SEAMEN for deep water sailing ships. W.'
B. SWEARS. Paciflc Mail Dock. -I *
WANTED — For U. .. S. army.' able-bodied, J un-
married men. between ages of 21 and 35, citl-
| zens 'of United ! States of good character and
-, temperate habits, who. can speak., read; and
write English. -For information apply. to Re-
cruiting Ofttcer. Rialto building. New Mont-
gomery st., San Francisco, or Masonic build-,
. Ing. Sacramento. Cal. J '..¦ *
TRY! our, men's 'shoes.i union made,-:. at' $1 and
$1 1 50 per . pair, - foot-form I shoes at $2 50. or
' orthopedic shoes $3 CO;best shoes on earth. 11
; Third st.. Exam, bldg.. 6 doors from'Market.
WANTED— Responsible 'man; 'steady place;
good wages; $150 cash required. " 1627H
Market St., room: 5.; -¦• ; -.y ':/ *-. ---
BARBER at 1 Brooks st.V off 'Market, '.near
Kecrny; flrst-class only need to apply; steady.
YOUNG man, willing Jto ; work for his tuition,
should call at California , Business College,
/-¦' 305 Larkln st. : U u - : \ ,. y: .-.;. -; . ;
WANTED— Colored- porter for 'barber ' shop.
204 Battery, st. \ ' :
WANTED— Strong • young man • as - porter." 212
¦¦:¦ O^Farroll ft. «-,, ., ..,- -; s -' - ., •¦'
UN ION ? barber, wanted ; wages $14. 1007 . Va-
;- ;lenda st., ,. v j :' ¦. J Ifr£. < fjcy.*^.y i , -.. ,- V-"
GOOD, waiter. In a*restf»urant. 1759^4 Mission
-*;-: Btreet.V. .-..-¦¦.• — -¦ • . - .... •- 1
I.OIJGIXG-IIOL'SES FOR SALES.'
GOOD chance — ?150; furniture of 8 rooms,
boarding and lodging house; all full. 1031
McAllister et.
ROOMING-house. 28 rooms, good location.
$2200; no agents. . Box 3403. Call.
SPIRITUALISM.
REV £! R~ DAVIS' lecture, "Christ Re-
vealed"; spiritual baptism; tests also; 10c;
8 p. m. 34 Sixth jit.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy St., nr. Octavia; phone Scott SS".
EDWARD EARLE, 1052 Ellis, readings dally.
9:."0 to 4; seancea Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clalrvo>ant and
I'ulmiki Kver in San Kranc'sco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge It I fail to lell your name, occu-
pation and what you called for; I promii-e to tell
you whether husband, wife or sweetheart is true
or false; tell you who and when you will marry;
in fact, I will tell you every hope, ffar or ambi-
tion better than you can tell yourself: I will give
you luck that wins success in love, marriage, di-
vorce, business, speculation, mining, health and
lost vitality, etc.: hours 10 a. m. to S p. m.
32« — O'Farrell st. — 320. Readings $1.
1SMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
paliuist. i><-rn;anently located at 1104 Market
bt.. cor. Turk; private readings daily, 10 a.
in. to ftp. m.; readings by mail as satisfac-
tory &* in person: 3 questions answered, $1;
full life. $&; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth: don't send currency. S*nd postotflce.
Weils-Fargo money order or registered letter.
LIFE MYSTERIES REVEALED.
MRS DR. E. SANDERS.
Spiritual medium; only teacher of mind teleg-
raphy in the world whose system never falls.
Learn it; it-' will bring you HEALTH,
WEALTH and LOVE. Develops mediums
and teaches occultism. Hours, 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. 418 Post st.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clair. and palm.
1 have astonished thousands with my wonder-
ful correct horoscope' of their lives. pa?t.
present and future: I correctly treat your
love affairs, domestic troubles, >»us. & finan.
success; names; L. 50c. G. $1. 714 Franklin.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight; tells the past, present and future;
ladle? 50c; gents. $1: by cards, palmistry
tnd clairvoyant sitting; $1 50. 126 Turk st.
MRS. A. H. Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant.
! card reader, will give a good reading. 10c, for
I a short time onlr: when others fall try me to
convince yourself. 721 Franklin, near Turk.
I a — Mm» Kaver.na reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th s-t.. near Market..
MIPS WARD plves names, dates and facts;
hours 11 a. m. to 9 p. m. 413 Mason ;no sign.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c,
gents T>0i\ «31 Mission St., nr. 6th; open Sun.
MRS. CROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
25c. gents 50c; readings daily. VS2 Sixth st.
VRP. E. L. DAVIS, clairvoyant, card reader.
959 Mission St.. room 6.
MME. BARTAN. professional card reader.
216U Sixth St.: 23c.
TEFT medium, clairvoyant, card readfr: names
given: 25c and BOc. 10o8 Harrison st., nr. 6th.
MME. ZEREDA, medium and card reader: la-
dies 25c. gents 50c. 28 7th Et.. r. 6; no sign.
MME. LAMAR. wonderful palmist: card read.
er: 25c. tOc. .'20 Jones St.: hours 1-9 p. m.
OLDEST ladr palmist and card reader In city,
26V4 Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c;- gents 50c.
MRS. SIIAFER clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tings daily. 44S% Jessie st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
CARPET BBATIXG AXD CLEAXIXQ.
A1K compressed, dry, ice cold. Is now univer-
sally used in sanitary cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or Injury: prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing "Works. 355-337 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S09 Har-
rison St.: Al cleaning: 3c; tel. Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero st. ; tol. Mission 49.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop».
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone Ka»t 12rt.
CREDIT CTLOTHIjBBS.
C. F. ADAMS CO.
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole family from bats to
shoes; everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all 318 Mason St. •
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montromery. rooms 9-10: tel. 65K6.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$?Tl50— 6-ROOM cottage tolet! Key at Park
House. 2-'}Q4 Fulton st. .
DENTISTS.
DR. GRUSS. 604-5-6 Callaghan bldg.. Market
and McAllister sts.. uses the Basford Obtun-
der. the only device ever Invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. 50c: ;as given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs.: crown. $ii 50: fillings, 50c;
plates. $5; full set;all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Eusn —
Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns $2 up; fillings, 25c.
GOLD fillings. 76c: silver. 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.20» Sutter.
DRESSMAKERS A\D SEAMSTRESSES
ACCORDION sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory 110 Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
EDIJCAT^IONAL. -^
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST. 8.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue fre*.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school ot
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's clasees are now open for the season. |
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket st.; special summer course In all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship. $00; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln st|
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods: individual In-
struction. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
THE PAUL GERSON School of Acting, the
foremost institution of the kind In tbe entire
West; il2 teachers: send for catalogue. Native
Sons' bldg.. 414 Mason et. "
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236
Market st. — Practical, progressive, reliable;
cay and evening cessions; write for catalogue.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
i day evgs.. Teutonia Hall. Howard St., nr.
9th. Prof. Foeter; society, dancing taught.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. min.. mech.', sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity. 24 Post
St.. S. F. : a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 530 Golden Gate
ave.; full business course; day and evening.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION.. Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine rt.... Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. Bth.
EMl'LOYMKVf OFFICES.
Japanese-Chinese . employment office; fur-
' nifches beet help; contracts for farm help, etc
A — ORPIIEUM Employment Office — Japaoese-
Cblnega help. 42U Powell.' Tel. Main 5752.
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415
Stockton; tel. Grant Hi8; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
CHINESE and Japanese help; esta.b. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY.* CO.. 640 Clay.
KMPLOYMEXT WANTED — FEMALK.
A GERMAN girl, young and strong, can ¦ sew
well, wants a place, at second work where
«he can get $25 a month. • Can be seen at
MRS. PLUNKETT'S Employment Bureau,
425 Sutter st.. near Powell. . .
A SCOTCH nurse.' with best of references.
want? to care for Infants or grown children;
; Is capable. , young and reliable. -'Address rail I
; communications in care of PLUN-
i KETT'S Registry. 425 Sutter St., nr. Powell, j
j RENT a piano for $3 per month; we ailow six
months' rental ot the purchase price If you
wish to buy- this gives you sU months' trial
of Uie- instrument for nothing; if th* pian»
rtn.td does net suit we allow tha rental on
any instrument" in our stores; with «uch goo<!»
as the iicPhs.il of Bcston. the Schiller and
out own make to select from we can su«.r-
ai.tee satisfaction to every one In quality,
price and ierms. _See the Seott-Curta*
"Bijou." the smallest ?ull scale piano in Saa
Francisco. SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO..
530-62-<>4 Hayes st.
AIL uprights on our bargain slate to-day—
ttollard. $S5. Fllsher. $5V: Sherman * Hyde.
J1CO; "Weber. $t:5: Kimba'l. $115: Mansfield A
Notnl. $123: Haynes. fl&O; American.^ *'.«:
Chickerlng. $1C7; Emerson. >!•-; MHIer
$175- 2 Stelnways. large and small sue. Jl^5
and $200; Heine, large styla, slishtly xu*\.
foiW Kent3 J2-up, apply on purchase; In-
stallments $4 up. HEINE PIANO CO. 2a3-
2U7 Geary st. : Oakland branch. Fifteenth and
Broadway, old P. O. Bids. Largest exclu-
slve wholesale and retail dealers ot th> W,e»t.
WE do not advise the purchase of cheap pianos.
as they are seldom satisfactory, but we hava
pianos at a medium price that can b« guar-
anteed to please tbe most critical. Our beat
sellers are the Behr Brcs.. Baumeister and
Schub*rt. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSiO
CO.. 7>3> Market at.
A FINE lot of second-hand uprights from $iO
up. Including such makas as Chlckerias.
Vose. Kroeser, Curtaz. Klrkham. Pease.
Hardman. Marshall & Wendell. Baus ana
others. BENJ. CURTAZ ft SON. IB O'Far-
rell st. No branches la San Francisco.
A MASSIVE solid walnut case Kstey organ,
two banks of keys and pedal basa; cost $75<);
your own price. BOWERS A SON. 11 Mason.
BAND Instruments: F. Besson. Paris, maker;
Gus Malwald. Agt. Pae. Coast. 27S O'Farrell:
skillful repairing: 2d-hand instruments sold.
$55 — FINE, small upright piano in good condl-
tlon. 101 Welch st.. southwest cor. Fourth.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway upright piano:
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeff9*s.283 O*Farr«li.
A RARE chance; a Horn-one Bros.' upright;
little used; must be sold. 216 McAllister su
RARE chance; cash or payments; elegaat high
grade upright. 16 McAllister st.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furnlturs dirt
cheap. Whitehead's Storage. 1636 Market st.
80HMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecilian pUno
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-512 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zither?, old and new. H.
MULLKR. maker, rvrairer. 2 Latham plac*.
~~ JIILLI.VKIIY.
LADIES— 200 stylish hats to select from; leasa
eold must vacate February 1. 1904; sav»
money by calling on MME. DOSCH. 207 Po<.
OFFICES AMD STOKE.** TO LKT.
STORE with lares basement; below Kearny
st.; rent $30. Apply 63< Clay st.. room 1.
PERSONALS. "
THE BOSTON COUNCIL OF PHYSICIANS.
LADY SPECIALISTS— TO LADIES ONLY.
WOMAN. KNOW THTSELF.
Woman's strength, beauty and happiness de-
pend upon the healthful development of all her
attributes. Disease paralyzes all her dearest
hopes and aspirations.
KNOWLEDGE IS POWER.
It Is wisely said that no other physicians ot
the world can so unerringly describe and ex-
plain every phase and condition of
LOST WOMANHOOD.
X-Ray examinations and consultations fre».
454 Geary st.
Hours. 11 to 12. 1 to 4.
ATTENTION. LADIES—
To se« Is to believe; go and see the exhibi-
tion at the Union Drug Store, cor. O'Farrell
and Stockton sts. ; a living model with tha
wrinkles and basffinesa removed from o-.o
side of the. face a year ago by M. ELLA
HARRIS of 781 O'FarTgll St.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray balr, im-
proves Its growth. steps falling, cures dandruS
and Itching scalp; no ctain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp ;at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Ox.l33S Pot*.
NOT how cheap but how good Is the motto of
the manufacturers of tbe Rapid Rotary
Standard the sewlcg-machtne of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1C21 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years" experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 231 Grant ave..
corner Sutt-r St.; fee moderate.
: ELEGANT suits on easy installments: 50 cenu
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127
Market st.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
DANCING Tuesday. -Thursday. Saturday. Son-
day evgs.,, Teuton/^ Hall. Howard st:. nr.
8th;-Frof. Foster: society daL'lis^- t*'jgh».
LIQUOR habit cured. We gu*ant*e to cur*
the liquor habit In 2 days or no charts.
Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 897 Il^rket. r. 204.
LESSONS given in manlrarinz: terms «-ea*on-
able. MME. H. EASTWOOD, room 702. Alto
bldg.. cor. Bush and Kearny; ent. on Bush.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all onus <J»»-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1830 Polk St.; consultation free;call or wrtta.
REMOVAL — DR. W. C. STRATTON has re-
moved his office from 2253 Mission st. to
rooms S73 and 574 Parrott bldg (Emporium).
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoat*
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. Londoa
Tailor. 721 Market st.
$5 HATS a soeclalty this week. 818 CFar-
rell st. -
OLD hats made new. 810 O'Farrell st. f-'''
ANDERSON — Elegant theatrical and masquer-
ade costumes rented. 28 O'Farrell st.
SUITS to order on Installments. $1 per week.
Nenhaus & Co.. reerch. tailors. 727-729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & motes removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market.
THE best place to buy good umbrellas or
have them covered or repaired Is 120 Stockton
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $3 50,
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes play books. wlg%
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFRED UM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
Superfluous hair and siolea removed with elec-
trlc net-die Mrs. * Misa Eaton. 1119 9utter.
FAI*«ISTRT.
MME. DEVAS— Scientific palmist and aotrolo-
gist; palm readings $1; 3 QUESTIONS
FREE: open Tuesday eve. also. 139 Post st.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. SIS
Taylor st.. near Peary. Phone Black 5ffL
PAPERUAXGIXG, FAINTING. ETC.
ROOMS papered. $3 50 up: tinting, painting.
Hartmac Paint Co.. 310 3d st. : tel. Main 413.
PHVSICIAA'S A.\D SCUGEO.M.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Of flee and residence^
. 1021% Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of woman.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty,
DR. BALL. 1073J4 Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM herb doctor,
treats all diseases of th« human body: for .
past four yearn at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at PG7 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CirY. successor to Dr. 14 P«
Tal, herb doctor, cu'rej all diseases of huinaa
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington >C
DR. .H. C. WONG. 719* Post St.: all diseases
cured by Chinese herbs; consultation fre*.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Pay »£.
: ,' P3EYSICIA2T WAgTZra. __
PHYSICIAN wanted for well established prac-
tice and well equipped office In Fresnn." For
full particulars apply to DR. PAKSEGAN.
Hotel Netherlands. 1 to 3 (*«!ly.
_ STORAGE AXD ' WAnKHOl'El _^
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van' Co. : furniture.
, household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St., near Third: phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOI.PH Storage & Moving Ca.. of-
flc» Post and' Powell *t*. : tat Prive. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage— Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 125.
GC1.DEN Went Storage: advances made; S40
Mission st. ; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Movtng Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jack3oa 2S1.
BEKINS Van ard Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
•t. ; tel Main ISM). Shlppinjr at cut rates.
• ii <
TYPEWRITERS AAD SUPI'LJKS.
GREAT BARGAINS IN* TYPEWRITERS— tt>
sell better machines f,or less money than any
house in the city; rentals $-1. The Troewriter
Exchange. 5:5*5 California: telephone Main St'3.
A FEW good typewriters at ?"O each; get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2D-1IAND typewriters *old. rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inwpec. Co. EPS Mnrfcet- '
O1VJMEM* .\MT1C1SS. .'..."-*'
l>t\ii«KND notice — Th« Giant Powd.-r Co..
Con.— A dividend., No. 5d. of nfty cents (50c)
per share on the btsued capital stock of tha
' company has been declared - payabl? at th«
oftice of the company, rooms 202. 204 aatf
20fl • HaywarJ . bldg.. San Fianci«ico. on No-
vember. 10." 1903. Transfer books elos* No-
vember 3. 1603. at noon. C. C. QU1NX. S«c
HELP WASTED- -MALE— -Continued.
A— MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
'Phone Main 5848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1902 we Vave -' •: '.. 1903 we'll give
45,000 men work. ,60,000 men work.
ARIZONA
ARIZONA
OREGON. NEVADA.
/ Southern Paciflc and Santa Fe systems; free
pass
On Evety Train.
Section hands, muckers, drillers, extra gangs,
teamsters, hammersmen.
Farm and orchard hand*, $30. $35, $40 found;
milkers, $30 to $50 found.
Stablemeji, city, country Jobs,- $30 to $60.
SCO woodchoppers. *S.S*.
|&'2S7 tlemakers.
Cooks. Walters. Porters.
Cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps, mines and
ranches, city and country, $30 to $70 found.
Walters, city and country. $25 to $ 15 found.
Butchers, different jobs, $40 to $UO found.
¦ Located Everywhere.
Laborers and teamsters, city and country,
many in San Francisco. $2 25.
0 slack coopers, 0c: 5 cabinet-makers.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay it.
' SPECIAL. • : ¦¦ .
2 milkers, same dairy, south.
9 pruners. orchard, $26 and found.
Dairyman and wife, $50 and found.
Gang edgerman, lumber company. $65 found.
Packer and shipper of furniture, $2 50 day.
Track foreman, lumber co., free fare. $40 fd.
Stenographer and typewrite, hotel; choreman
and wife, private family, Fresno County, $50
found; night cook, Nevada, $50 found; 2 coat-
makers, country;- 2 sdooI tenders; 2 waiters,
oyster and coffee house, $10 50 week; buKgy-
washer, $60: porter, grocery, country store,
$30 found; bookbindery man, city, $10 week.
MURRAY & READY. 634-63S Clay st.
COAL OREGON FREE FARE.
MINERS. i OREGON $3 to $5 Day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
4 ITALIAN foremen, railroad work. $3 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WAITERS, ETO '
0 waiters, hotel, country, $30 found.
6 waiters, coffee houses, $10 50 week.
• Cook, . Nevada, 30 men. mine, fare paid, $63.
ELECTRICIAN, $2 50 DAY. '
Near city, factory, steady Job. •
MURRAY & READY, C34-636 Clay St.
. - ; ' \
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO. Employment Office.
429 Bush st... 642 Clay st.
Shipping day to-day for Nevada.
*100 laborers,-. Fenelon, Nevada $2
100 laborers, Beowawe. Nevada $2
Board $4 50 week. free fare
For Central America.
Locomotive engineer, single man
best of wages
Conductor, same place, single man
best of wages
Absolutely free fare for all above.
Experience hotel clerk, young man, coun-
hotel $50
Camp waiter, $30; cooks, bakers, waiters,
porters, dish, pot. washers, kitchen hands,
bell, elevator boys, others.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. Employment Office.
429 Bush st 642 Clay st.
AT S. F. EMP. BUREAU. 17 Fourth st.
Laborers ami rock men, city, $2 25 day.
-Engineers, lumber pliers." etc.
Call early, boys. Lots of work. No strikes,
no fakes; all work guaranteed. Daily papers
aii-1 magazines always on file. Call and see
us If you want work. Only office. First-
class city jobs.
8. F. EMP. BUREAU Phone Grant 26.
AT "E. & B." R. R. Labor Agency. I
638 Commercial st.
Free Fare — Free Fare.
60 tunnel men. $2 CO to $3 day.
' SO muckers and drillers, $2 to $2 50 a day.
100 laborers, $2 a day.
Long Job; eight months' work.
Free fare^ — Ryndon, Nevada.
"E. & B." R. R. LABOR AGENCY.
638 Commercial St.
GOOD barber wanted evenlnKs, Saturdays and
Sundays. Box 341S, Call office.
ELEVATOR boy wanted. 29 Stockton st.
WAITER wanted at 87 Ninth' st. ~
HELPER on cakes wanted. 518 Hayes st.
DISHWASHER wanted. Union Restaurant and
Oyster Depot, 467 Valencia et.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get It done for 25c. BOo
and 60c while you wait at Ct>3 Mission et.,
etb. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third st.?
WANTED — For V. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied unmarried men. between 21 and 30;
good character; must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-
war In all parts of tbe world, on land In our
Island possessions, and at naval stations In
. the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
fice, 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.. and
401 K St.. Sacramento. Cal.
ACTIVE and energetic young man of good ap-
pearpnee to attend telephone and other office
work; must live with parents; wages $30 to
• start; chance for advancement. Address in,
! own handwriting to M.. box 2037. Call. .
WANTED — Boys 16 to 18 years of ape to enter
a large wholesale house, with a view to learn-
ing the business: must furnish references:
' reply In own handwriting. Address box
2023. Call.
WANTED — An experienced, reliable clerk for
liquor store; good wages and prospects for
right party; applicants give age, experience
and references from former employers. Ad-
dress S. M.. box 520. Sacramento, Cal.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mail chrgs. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
MEN wanted to learn the barber trade in two
month's and secure good positions; catalogue
mailed free. MOLER System College, C35
Clay street.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
BOY between 15 and 19 to learn good business
In downtown firm; good chance to advance.
- Box 2930, Call office. -*-!
WANTED — A salesman to sell ruffled and clury
curtains to the jobbing and retail trade. John
M. Hassall, 78 Bedford Et.. Boston. Maes. ,
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS, 40 Ellis St.; 14
years' practice; references from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
GOOD boy, residing with parents; good position;
chance to advance. Marshall's 12 Kearny.
WANTED — Boy in a Jewelry store. 817 Mar-
. ket St.. Academy of Sciences Bldg.
WANTED — Young man who is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. HALE BROS.. Inc. -
BARBER, flrst-class workman, seeks steady
position: city or country. Box 2030. Call.
STRONG boy for wholesale house: state age
and experience. Box 2036. Call office.
SOLICITORS for merchant tailor. 1125 Market
, st., between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE chair barber shop; good mining town; no
opposition. Box 84, Quartz. Tuolomne Co., Cal.
WANTED — First class" experienced domestic
salesman. HALE BROS. , •
WANTED — A shirt polisher. French Laundry"
Co.. 3372 Mission st. .
BARBER trade taught In 5 ' weeks. Address
W. C. B.. (347 Commercial : st.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REI3S
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
MEN to learn the barber trade; special offer
this month. Inquire at 611 Commercial st.
McDONALD & PERRY have a large stock of
new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 239 ad st.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed.
8. F. Barber School. 741 A Howard st. .
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
. bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.AiR.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44' Third it., nearMar-
ket— 700 rooms, 3fle- night; reading' rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
' Call Branch dfflce. cor. Duncan & Church sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. BC3 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d stg.— v
GET your shoes half soled white waiting; 25o
to BOc. -563 Mission St.. bet.-lst and 2d sts.
HORSES ASO WAGOSS.
' BREWSTER- extension brougham, coupe
rockaway, good phaetort vToomey & Frazler
¦•¦; cart, r cheap. O'BRIEN'S, ¦ , Polk st. ¦• and .
Golden Gate ave. •
ALL kinds- of ; horses, wacons. -carts; buggies
. ¦ and harness sold at auction . every Tuesday
11 a. . m. - at . 1140 ¦ Folsom • st. ".. ¦
HARNESS and saddles, the best for th« money, "
~-l at JEPSEN BROS. CO.; inc.. the big store.
¦; 1145-1147 Market si. San Francisco.:;
'A LOT of cheap horses at Fifteenth' and' Shot-
¦ well /; ¦¦¦''..:: r- .-.-.- -• ,-r ¦..-¦¦-^ - - . ' v
MUST be sold at a sacrifice; 5 goods horses '327
<i Sixth' St. •*»,'« '-:..-¦'- -.-Y ».-¦;-• V- -"¦'• ¦- ¦¦•¦¦'-¦¦¦
Al : EXPRESS wagon, light" camping' wagon
y.and gocart for gale cheap. y. 632 Mission St.;
Largest assortmt - 2-hand wagons,' buckb'd. sur-
¦ rey.harneas.work.drivlnar horses. 15th- Valencia
HOUSES FtKMSHKU— FOK ;, S ALK. ;>
14* HOUSEKEEPING^ ..rooms,? near Mlntf* well '
' ' t urniBhed ; good ' tenants ; price $425 ; sacri-
flee. -940 Mission st. ../ ;^-';>i
PR'fc/l J iY,home,>10. rooms,' suitable for boarding
'¦or. rooming:* choice* location ;* rent = $40. -809 i
Leavenworth; call afternoons.*" ' ' -¦¦ . --': <-_¦-• ,
The messenger comes with a hurry-up call
And bolts through the door without knocking at all,
And startles the doc as, with wide-open face,
He tells that with death he must enter a race.
Perhaps you may find yourself some time in need.
And must secure help with the greatest of speed.
Such assistance Is sure If you're not a dunce.
But give us an ad — you'll have answers at once. fTO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From " Due.
Centralia Grays Harbor Nov. 9
Newburg Grays Harbor Nov. 9
Chlco Coqullle River .Nov. 9
Tltanla Nanalmo Nov. 9
SanPedru.... Humboidt Nov. 9
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orford Nov. 9
S. Monica. ... Grays Harbor Nov. 9
Korea. ...*....' China & Japan Nov. 9
State of Cal. . San Dleeo & Way Ports Nov. 9
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports... Nov. 9
Phoenix Mendocino Nov. 10
Del Norte Crescent City Nov. 10
Edith Tacoma Nov. 10
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Nov. 10
Pomona Humboidt Nov. 10
G.W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria.... Nov. 11
Redondo Humboidt Nov. 12
B.Barbara... San Pedro Nov. 12
Colon New York via Panama. Nov. 12
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Ports Nov. 12
Point Arena. . Mendocino & Pt. Arena. Nov. 12
Eureka. ...... Humboidt Nov. la
Corona. ...... Humboidt Nov. 13
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports Nov. 13
Coos Bay. .... San Pedro & Way Ports Nov. 14
North Fork. . . Humboidt ; . ; Nov. 15
Gaelic China & Japan Nov. 17
Umatilla..... Puget Sound Ports Nov. 18
City Sydney.. New York via Panama. Nov. 18
Abydos Hamburg & Way Ports. Nov. 18
Nevadan Honolulu JNov. 18
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
November 8.
F. Leggett. Humboidt 12 . m Pier 10
Lakme Los Angeles Ports. 5 pm Pier 10
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. . 5 pm Pier 2
Rival .'. Willapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 2
S. Monica. . Lob Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
Empire Coos Bay direct .. 12 m Pier 13
Corona Humboidt 1 :30 p Pier 9
N. Fork.... Humboidt 5 pm Pier 2
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Coos Bay. . San Pedro & Way 9 am Pier 11
.November 10.
Alliance Eureka & Coos Bay ll am Pier 16
Eureka Humboidt 9 am Pier 13
Centralia... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Newburg... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
A. Mara... . China & Japan.... l pm Pier 40
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
¦. -. - November 11. .
Phoenix.... Mendocino City ... l p m Pier 13
Chlco......: Coqullle River .... 0 pm Pier 2
November 12.
Redondo... I Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier . 2
Arcata Coos B.& Pt.Orford 10 am Pier 13
Pomona. . . . Humboidt l :30 p Pier 9
State of Cal. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
S. Barbara. Seattle & Olympla 4 pm Pier 2
Queen Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier »
San Pedro.. Humboidt 10 am Pier 2
November 13,
Bor.ita Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
November 14.
Pt. Arena. . Point Arena ...... 4 pm Pier 2
San Juan... N. Y.\ via Panama 12 m Pier 40
O.W.Elder. . Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
-.-.... November -17. . "¦ .
CityPuebla. Puget Sound Ports; 11 am Pier 9
. November 18.
Korea. China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
November 19.
Sonoma; . . . . Sydney & Way Pta. 2 pm Pier 7 i
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. .For. | Salla.
Humboidt.... Skagway & Way Ports. |Nov 12
City Seattle;. Skairway.& Way Ports. Nov." 13
Santa Ana. . . Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Nov. 16
Faral Ion . . :... Skagway & Way Ports. Nov.- 16
Valencia. T.... Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 19
Cottage City..' Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 27
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey-
Time and Heights of High and Low Waters
at ¦ Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published - by ,¦ official authority - of
'¦' '¦*'- the Superintendent. ; • • . . -. ' ,
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) : about 25 min
utes later than at Fort Point; the height of tide
Is the Bame at both places.
: . MONDAY. I NOVEMBER 8. ' . :
Sun : rises 6 :<5
Sun 6ets "..... • ......... ,\ 5 :03
Moon rlses.T. i... 9:23 p. m.
O Time - ¦Time! : Time , Time
£'-; Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.'
\?'r H W i L'W ¦ H W L W ,
s9- 8:19 4.9 8:01 ,3.0 1:67 B.3 8:50-^-0.3
10 4:13 4.9 9:12 3.1 3:01 5.0 9:45 0.0
11* 5:08 .5.0 10:33 -2.9 4:15 4.7 10:50 - 0.4
12- 0:00 -5.2 11:50 2.6 6:39 4.6 11:61 CO.B
13. :e:50 - 6.4 1:00 ,2.0 7:00 :4.6 ..... ......
? v IiVW H W 't-:» LiW H W ~pr-,.
14; 0:57 Vl.l ,7:39 j.B.5 ;1;B8 8:12 i/4.6
,V NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
Sun; Moon and Tide.
The number of stars distinctly visible
without the aid of a glass is put by Gould
at 5333. Professor Newcomb • says their
number is near 7647.\ v These are up to the
sixth' magnitude.'. Professor Newcomb es
timates the number up to the 115 magni
tude at 20^000,000, - . ._
' <¦ The pressure has risen rapidly over, the west
ern » half ; of the < country," except • In > Northern
Arizona, » where -. there has been a . rapid fall.
Over the Intel-mountain region there has been a
rise of, mor« than. half an Inch. .,_ -
•..'A' new storm. has made Its appearance along
the -Washington I coast I and I high I southeasterly
winds • are ' already j reported . at ; the . mouth i of
the Columbia River. (fftHffMMHFHHHBpn
- - Xha - juio&er&turt ¦ baa > fallen , jt«n . d< treat . cc
WEATHER ; CONDITIONS. AND GENERAI.
;: forecast.
OKLAHOMA CITY, O. T. f Nov. 8.-In
the deciding . course to-day In the all-ape
stake Quicksand, a greyhound owned by
T. Noall'of Butte, won ' from . Confidence,
owned; by Blake & Smith of Butte; score
11 to 4. ; Thl3 was the closing: event of the
National Coursing ¦ Association meet,
which began a week ago. .
Oklahoma Coursing.
SAN MATEO, Nor. 8.— Battery D of the
National Guard sent a football team here
to-day which defeated the San Mateo
Athletic Club by a score of 10 to 0. The
game was very one-sided, the local team
being outclassed on all points and weak
ened by the absence of three of Its best
players. There will be a match game
here next Sunday by th» local team and
that of. Trinity School of San Francisco.
Guardsmen Defeat the Athletes.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
- SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 8—5 p. in.'
The following j are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfall in last twenty-four hours :
" ~~ Last . This Last
... stations — "- 24 hours." season, season.
Eureka .............. 0.00 6.86 6.C3
Red Bluff 0.00 1.94 5.29
Sacramento 0.00 0.70 1.73
San Francisco 0.00 0.72 1.89
Fresno 0- 06 °- 08 °- 42
Independence ........ 0.00 Tr. 0.38
San Luis Oblspo 0.02 0.06' 2.00
Los Angeles.......... 0.00 0.43 0.39
San Diego...;........ 0.00 0.05 0.98
THE COAST RECORD.
" . H g . g ' O: i~~~5
. I. ¦|b-ii *§ < ss g
STATIONS. S 1 1' g3 1 3 --¦•,•¦'; |
. ' c e '. '• a
¦ -' ' J ? J* * '
Baker 30.34 40 28 SB Clear .00
Carson ...'... .20.30 " 46 26 E Clear Tr.
Eureka ;.."... 30.30 54 42 W Clear .00
Farallon .. ...30.28 55 52 NW", Clear ".00
Fresno ...... .30.24 68 42 JTW Clear .06
Flagstaff .....29.78' 60 40 W Pt.Cldy .00
Independence .80.08 62 44 .W Clear ...00
Los Angeles. . .S0.02 70 62 W Pt.Cldy .00
Mt Tamalpais. 80.23 ., Bl 88 , N , Clear ".00
North Head... 30. 04 48 .42 SB Cloudy .12
Phoenix ..'...".29.94 - 79 / 60 W -C Pt.Cldy .00
Pocatello '..... 30. 82 34 32 SW Clear .76
Portland * ;. ...30.20 • 50 40 SE Cloudy j .00
Point Reyes. . .30.20 . 67 48 NW Clear .00
Red Bluff... "..30.28 BS S3. N , Clear .00
Roseburg .. ...30.28 64 38 S Cloudy .08
Sacramento . .30.24 60 42 NW Clear .00
Salt Lake..... 30.30 40. 38 8 Pt.Cldy .44
Ban Francisco. 80. 23 CO 50 W Clear .00
Ean L. Obispo.30.1S 64 48 N Clear .,".02
San Diego.... 29. 08 68 68 NW Cloudy .00
Seattle . ..... .30.14 i 48 38" SB - Cloudy , .14
Spokane V...'. '.30.28 44 34 8 -Cloudy Tr.
Tatoosh ..:;.; .29.88 46 88 SB 'Rain ".28
Walla Walla.. 30.30 48 ' 86 S Pt.Cldy Tr.
Winnemucca .30.86- 42' 20 S Clear Tr.
Tuma ...... '.*.2». 04 78 -52 N" Clear : ,-.00
more over Southern Nevada and Utah.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, November 9:
- Northern California— Fair Monday, becoming
cloudy Monday night and rain from Cape Men
docino north; light northerly winds, brisk
southeast winds on the coast .
. Southern California — Cloudy; cooler Monday;
fresh northerly winds.
Nevada — Fair; warmer Monday.
* San* Francisco and vicinity — Fair Monday,
becoming; . cloudy at night; light north winds,
changing to southeasterly. - -**Wg*sB*HB»«s
A. G. McADIB. District Forecaster.
Weather Report.
Movements of Steamers.
, The German I ship Wlllkommen, Captain
Freeze, arrived at Seattle yesterday. 136 days
from Rio de Janeiro. Ehe had been quoted on
the reinsurance list at 10 per cent.
There was only one change on the reinsur
ance list yesterday, and that was the with
drawal of the Willkommen,
Overdue^ Ship Turns T7p.
The steamer Aberdeen, from Portland, re
ports that on November 5, when off the Ump
qua Ilivrr. shs passed through a -large quan
tity of ties end lumber. A terrific gale was
blowing :ii the time and the waves were roll-
Ing mountains hlch. ¦ ....
Lumber Floating at Sea.
The German ship Herzogln Sophie Charlotte
arrived at Honolulu yesterday, 138 days out
from Hamburg. This makes the chances of
the French bark Paris, from the same port,
bound to Honolulu, look rather ellm, as she is
already now cut 182 days.
Herzogin at Honolulu.
The schooner Mary Dodge, Captain Olsen,
which left here on November 5 for Eureka, re
turned to port yesterday. On the 7th lnst.,
when five miles northwest of Point Reyes, a
heavy squall struck her, which carried away
her jib boom, so the captain deemed it ad
visable to put back to port.
Hay Dodge Returns.
The •whaling steamer Alexander, fifteen daya
from Unalaska, arrived yesterday. She brings
12,000" pounds of whalebone, valued at $60,000.
Captain Tllton reports an uneventful voyage.
The bark left here April 1, hence her voyage
has lasted 7 months and 7 days. She Is con
signed to II. Llebes & Co.
Alexander in Port.
The old whaling bark Andrew Hicks arrived
In port late Saturday night. She brought 850
barrels of oil. Captain Williams reports that
on May 17 Gustave Mattson, a native of Ger
many, aged 50 years, died, and that on July 1
Ben Santos, a native of Guam, aged 40 years,
died. Both were buried at sea. On August
15, in Okhotsk Sea, she lost her starboard
quarter boat in a heavy southeast gale.
On September 20 the whaling bark John and
Wlnthrop was spoken and she reported that
she had caught one whale. The Hicks left
hero January 8, which makes the duration of
her voyage ten months.
She is consigned to the Western Repair and
Supply Company.
Whaling Bark 1 Arrives.
The masters of the ships have made
hosts of friends in port and this adds an
unusual amount of interest in the out
come of the race.
Great interest was manifested all along
the water front yesterday . in the sailing
of the two" llmejulcers Crocodile and
Lock Torridon, which passed out through
the Golden Gate at the same hour, both
bound for Liverpool.'. Both , vessels are
four-masted barks and both belong to
the class with painted ports. Both were
in fine condition and the race will be. a
keen one. The Crocodile is 2553 tons bur
den and is in command of Captain -W.
Wilson. She was towed to sea by the
tug Defiance. The Lock Torridon is 2081
tons burden and is commanded by Cap
tain R. Pattman. She was towed out
by the Sea King. The sight of two ships
putting to sea at the same time Is not
unusual, but the sight of two vessels of
the same style, class and build, laden
with the same kind of cargo and bound
for the same port is an occurrence which
rarely happens in any: harbor.
Steamer Alexander Brings
Valuable Cargo of Whale
Bone.
Barks of Equal Build and
Cargo Off Together
for Liverpool.
START TO SEA
AN LONG RACE
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Nov 8 — Stmr Cym
ric, from Liverpool, for New York; stmr Um
brla, from Liverpool, for New York.
LIVER POO L-^Arrlved Nov S — Stmr Arabic,
from New York; stmr Canada, from Montreal.
MOVILLE — Arrived Nov 8— Stmr Bavarian,
from Montreal, for Liverpool, and proceeded.
GLASGOW — Sailed Nov 8 — Stmr Laurentlan,
for New York: stmr Sicilian, for Montreal.
NEW YORK — Arrived . Nov - 7— Stmr Celtic,
from Liverpool and Queenstown; stmr Deutsch
land, from Hamburg; stmr La Gascogne, from
Havre; stmr Sicllia; from Naples.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HONOLULU — Arrived Nov 7— Schr Willis A
Holden, .from Kaanapall. Nov 8 — U S stmr
Sheridan, hence Oct 31; Ger ship Herzogln
Sophie Charlotte, from Hamburg.
Sailed Nov 7 — U S stmr Logan, for San
Francisco: Br stmr Coptic, for Hongkong; Nor
bark Benovento, for Sydney.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Nov 8— Schr
Snow & Burgess, from Port Blakeley; Ger
ship Wllkommen, from Hamburg; Fr bark
Mezly, from Tahiti. . ,
Passed in Nov 8 — Bktn Lahalna, for Tacoma.
TATOOSH— Passed In Nov 8— Stmr Mack
inaw, hence Nov 5. for Tacoma; Nor stmr
Hero, hence Nov 5, for Ladysmlth. ,- y
Passed ont Nov 8 — Ship Jabez Howes, from
Ballard, for Sydney; echr Forester, from Se
attle, for Redondo; bktn Portland, from Ta
coma, for San Francisco.
WESTPORT — Sailed Nov 8 — Stmr Westport,
for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Sailed Nov 7— Stmr Dolphin, for
Ekagway.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Nov 8 — Stmr Samoa,
hence Nov 6: stmr Bonlta, hence Nov 0; schr
W-H Smith, from Grays Harbor. .
Sailed Nov 7 — Stmr . Ruth, for San Fran
¦¦clsco: schr Annie Larsen, for Tacoma. Nov. 8
jS-Stmr Bonita, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Nov 7— Schr Marconi,
hence Oct 22. Nov 8 — Schr W F Garms, hence
Oct 25; stmr G C Llndauer, hence Nov 5; tug
Sea Rover, hence Nov B.
VENTURA— Sailed Nov 8 — Stmr National
City, for San I Francisco.
PORT I GAMBLE — Arrived Nov 8 — Schr Ca
mano, hence Oct SO.
¦ PORT HARFORD — Sailed Nov 8 — Stmrs
Santa Cruz and Santa Barbara, for San Fran
cisco.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Nov 8 — Stmr Noyo,
hence Nov 7.
ISLAND PORT.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, Nov 8. 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind, NW, velocity 20 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Schr Mary Dodge, OUen, . hence Nov 6, for.
Eureka, returned on account of carrying away
jibboom Nov 7, at 5 a m, five miles NW of
Point Reyes, during heavy NW squall.
Sunday, November 8.
Saturday, November 7.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Badger, Seattle.
- • Sunday, November 8.
Stmr W H Kruger, Ahlln. Eureka.
Stmr Eanta Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Iaqua, Jorgenson, Eureka.
Stmr Fulton, Lee, Westpprt.
Stmr Argo, Dunham, Eel River.
Stmr Despatch, Hansen, Portland.
Ger Ktmr Ramses, Bielenbenr. Hamburg.
Br ship Loch Torridon, Pattman, Liverpool,
Br ehlp Crocodile, Wilson, Liverpool.
Bktn Archer, Melville, Honolulu.
Brig W G Irwln, Hanson, Roche Harbor.
Selir Ida A, Beck, Bodega.
RETURNED.
SAILED.
¦ Stmr Alliance, Hardwick, 11 days from Port
land, via Coos Bay, and via Eureka 21 hours.
Stmr Eureka, Jessexi, 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Alcazar, Martin, 48 hours from San
Pedro. .
Stmr Whlttler, Macdonald, 80 hour* from
Ventura; up river direct.
Stmr Scotia, Erickaon, 27 hours from Eu
reka: up river direct.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, 45 hours from Port
Los Angeles.
Whaling bark Andrew Hicks, Williams, 28
days from Okhotsk Sea.
Sunday, November 8.
Stmr Aberdeen, Daniels, 4% days from
Portland.
Stmr Queen, Cousins, '66 hours from Vlo
torla and Port Townsend.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, 4% days from Port
land, via Astoria 43^4 hours.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nlcolson, 80 hours from Ean
Pedro. - . •-.
Stmr Senator, ' Patterson, 4% days from Se
attle.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
I At 1 noon yesterday the bridge over the
entrance to the lagoon at ; Tlburon was
raised, and the yach'ts" of the Corinthian
fleet began to (pass into r winter quarters.
The first yacht to pass under the up
raised : drawbridge l was Frank E.- Baker's
sloop Emille in charge of Frank A. Bart
lett. She 1 was followed by the sloops El
sie, Phoenicia, Emma, Clara, Freda,
Fleeting, May, Truant, Edna. Genesta,
the; yawl Frolic,, the sloops Amlgo, Mlg
non. Sans Souci, Villain, Merope, Aeolus,
Ruby, Discovery and Wawona, . The
yachts were followed by the arks Atlan
tis, Bat, Caspian* and four, others. The
ark Atlantis fouled the entrance and
some planks had " to" be cut away to en
able her to I pass , through." The launch
Leona, with Tom Jennings' and Hawkins 1
launches did good, service In towing the
yachts into the lagoon.
The sloops Cupid, Hiawatha and Nep
tune of the Corinthian Yacht Club and
the sloop Juanlta of the San Francisco
Yacht Club also entered the lagoon. The
bridge was raised under the supervision
of Port Captain John H. Keefe.
The yawl Seven Bells and the sloops
Thelma and Nixie are still at their moor-
Ings In Belvedere Cove, but will be taken
up on the ways at South San Francisco
for the winter.
The sloops' Harpoon and Presto were
hauled, out on Frank Stone's ways near
the Fulton Iron Works a week ago. The
yawl Phyllis has been taken up Peta
luma Creek and the sloops Belle and Jo
sie will be sheltered from the storms of
winter in Corto Madera Creek.
the parly morning tides are given in the left
band column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Ar« Lidd sTJp "in "Winter
Quarters.
YACHTS ENTBB WATEBS
OF SHELTERING LAGOON
Pleasure Craft of the Corinthian Club
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9- 1903.
9
f CALIFORNIA \
I LIRIITED TO CHICAGO |
B Leaves Mondays and Thursday* 1
H at 0r30 a. m., through In S days, I
G with diner and all trappings. |
Other Santa Fe Trains :
Vln ** «* I 'or Stockton, Treaao, Bakenflald,
8-00 p.' m! f Merced « Hanford an* VlaalU.
4.00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
Ticket Oftxcb: 641 Market 8t., and Ttttrj
Depot, 8. F. Also HU Broadway, Oak-
Und.Cal.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PAGIRC
KAH.WAT COMPAHT.
Tibnron Perry, root of Market Street.
BAH FKANCISCO TO SAH SATASL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 0:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:33.
8:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11 :30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 3:30.
6:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAV EAPAEL TO SAW TSAKCZSCO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:06. 7:35. 7:80. 0:20, 11:1)
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40. 5:00. 6:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 0:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:10,
4:65. 6:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco.! Sept. 27. 1008. [San Francisco.
Week I Sun- j Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | tlon. | days. | Days.
7:30a 8:00a 9:10a 8:40a
9:30 a Ignacio. 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:00 p 7:35 p
7:30 a 0:10 a 8:40 a
8:00 a Kovato, 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:80 p 9:30 a Petaluma. 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 3:30 p and . 7:35 p
5:00 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a I 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 af Fulton. . 7:35 p 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p|
Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdaburg. 10:40 a 10:20*
Lytton.
8:30 p 3:30 p Geyservtlle. 7:33 p 6:20 p
_ f Cloverdale. {
7:30 at 8:00 al Hopland 10:40 ajl0:20 a
8:30 a[ 3:30 p| and Uklah. 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a[ Wlllltg. I 7:35 p[ 6:20 p
7:30 a) 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 pf 3:30 pf Guernevllle. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I 9:10 al 8:40 a
5:10 p[ 5:00 p| Olen Ellen. | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 at ¦ 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p[ 3:30 p| Sebastopol. | 7:35 p[ 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for .San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria. and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey.
servllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Booneville and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
Kelseyville, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Uerly*s,
Bucknell's Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle. Orr*s
Hot Springs, Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport. Usal; at Wllllts for Fort Bragg,
Westport, Sherwood. Canto, Cbvello. Layton-
vllle. Cummlngs. Bell's Springs. ¦ Harris. Ol-
sen' s. Dyer, Garbervllle, . Pepperwood. Scotia
and ' Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday, round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to ail points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 630 Market street. Chronic!*
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Pen. Pass. Agt. ;
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave Tis Siuslito tmj Arrive T~"
SanFrandsco fort sf Mirtst 8t SanFrandsco
Week Sun- • e|B)r Son- Week
Day*. days jf&fB&HS^. days Days.
•10:93 1*8:OOa fc|$=SSW«$S 12:O5p l0:40l
•1:45p »:OOa B&§<sJB£Sf l:*5r 3:50p
5:15p 1O:OOa \SfeswS©' *:50p 5:5Or
11:00a 4:50p 9:50p
«Cn»sct Til* itsys hr ** Mssss sad "WVCkw fc»y
TICIIT I 63S Mabjuct St-(NotUi Shore Railroad) ,
, un<JS | and Sausauto Ferry, Foot Markat St.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and are <iu« to avrri vo »t
SAK FBASCISCOJ .
(Mala Line. Toot of Market Btrc«O
usvrn — Fmosi QcToaaa ai, 1908. — Aaaiva
7.00a Benicla. Salnua, Klmlra and Sacra-
nento 72Sr
7.00a. TsesTlUe, Waters, Ramsey.. 7-65*
7J0i Martinez. Ssn Ramon, VsllejOt
Naps, OHstoea, Santa Ross 8-25?
7.30a KIlea, LUermore, Tracy, Lathrop.
Stockton A. 7.2Sr
8.00a D»t!». Woodland, Knights Landing.
Marytrme, Ororllle 7.55r
8.00a Atlantic Express— OgdensndKasi. 10.25a
8 JO* Port Cost*. Msrtlaex. Antloch. By-
ron.Trftcy,Stockton,Ssersmen(a,
Newman. Los Binos, Mendota,
Armooa, Lemoore, Hsaford.
"Vlsails. Ponerrnie 4£3r
8.50a Port Costa. Martinez, Tracy, Lath-
rop. Modesto, Mereed. Fresno,
Gosaen Junction. Lemoore, Baa-
ford, Vtsalla. Bakersfleld 4.55*
8.30* Shasta Express— Darts, William*
(for Bartlett Springs), Willows,
tFratA. Red Bluff, Portland 7.55?
3-S0a Klles, Saa Jose, Livermore, Stock-
ton.lone,Sacramento,PlacervUla,
MarysTllle, Ch'.co. Eed BluS 4.J5*
8.S0a Oakdale. Chinese, Jamestowa. So*
nora. Tnoimnne and Angels *ii r
9.00a Martinez and Wsj Stations. 8 55r
IOCOa Vsilejo> ,...*..«*........ 12.25*
10.00a '
Ton costs, Martinez, syioa,
Traey, Lathrop. Stockton.
Merced. Raymond. Fresno, Haa-
ford. Vlsalla, Bakeranald. Los
Angeles • <Wesv
bound arrrres m Coast Line)... «1.59r
10-00 a The OTerland Limited — Ujden.
DenTer. Omaha. Clilcsao- 5??'
12.00* Hayw.nrd. Nllfs and Way Stations. 3-25*
ti-00* Sacramento River Steamwrs. ti 1.00*
3-30P Benlda, Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland, Knights Landing.
MarysTllle. OroTlIle and way
stations 1 9II 4
3.30* Hayward.Nllet and Way Stations.. 7.56*
3.30r Port Costa. MarUnes. Byron,
Traey. Lathrop, Modesto.
Merced, Fresno and Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Costs, 12-25*
3-30* Martinez. Traey. Stockton. Lodi... 10.25a
400* Martinex.San lUmon.ValleJo,Sapa,
Callstoga. Santa Uosa 9 25a
4 CO* Klles, Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4.25*
4.30* Uayward. N'r.es. lrTlngton, Saa I *3.55 a
Jose. LlTermore i UI.Soa
5-C0* The OwJ Limited— Newman. Los
. Banos. M-ndoi», Fresno. Tolare,
BakersOeld. Los Angeles 8.55a
6.00* Port Costa. Tracy, Stockton 12-25r
16 30* Hajrward. Kites and San Jose 7.25a
6.00* Hayward. Nlles and Saa Jose 10 2Sa
$.00* Oriental Mail— Oftden. DenTtr,
Omaha, St. Louis. Chicago and
Kast Port Costa, Benlcia. 8ui-
sun, Elmira, Da»I<», Sacramento,
Rockiin. Auburn, Colfax.
Trnckee. Boea, Reno, Wads-
worth, Winnemuoca, Battle
Mountain, Elko 4.29*
, 6.00* Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... J 7 c S ,
700* Vallejo. Sunday onlr f toor
7.00* San Pablo. Port Costa, Manlaes
and Way Station*. 11.25a
SX6* Oregon A California Express— 8a©-
ramento, MarysTllle. Redding.
Portland, Puget Sound and East. 8.53 a
8.10* Hayward, NUes and Saa Jose (Stro-
daronly) 11.55a
COAST LINE <aarr»w tisngs).
(Foot of Marfcet Street.)
8.15a Newark, Centerrllle. 8aa Jos*.
Felton. Boulaer Creek. Santo
Cruz and Way Stations. 5.53*
t2-15r Xewark, Centerrllle. Saa Joae,
New Almaden.Los 0«to*,Fr!ton,
Uoolder Creek. Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Stations 1343a
4-16* Nawark. Ssn Jose, Los Oatos and •
way stations...- t35SA
39 30* Hunters Train, Saturday only, Saa
Jose and Way Stations. Sunday
only returns from Los Gatos.... *7 25*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
« rom SAN FKAN CISCO, Foot of Market St <SUp<>
—fl-.a t:00 H:0OAJt. 1.00 3-00 5.15r.zL
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway -«U» »:S»
1»:03 10:00 a.m. 12.00 2-00 4.00 *.H-
COAST LINE (Broad tiaa*e).
PT (Third and" Townsend Str—u.)
6-1 Oa Saa Jose and Way Stations §30*
700a San Jose and Way Stations. t38*
8 00a New Almadea (Toes., FTid.. only), 4.1a*
8.00a Coast Line Limited — Stops only Saa
Joae, GUroy (connection for Hol-
llster). Pajaro. CaatroTllle, &*¦
linaa. Saa Ardo. Paso Roblea,
. • Santa Marrsxtta, San Luis Oblspo.
Principal stations thence Bart
(connection for Lompoc) princi-
pal sutlons thence Santa Bar-
bara and Loa Angelea. Connec-
tion at CastroTllle to and from
Moaterey and Pacific Groye..... 19.43*
9.00a Baa Joss, Tres Finos, Capitols,
SantaCras,Paclfle6rOTe,Sallnaa l .
San Luis Oblspo snd Principal '
Way Stations „ 4.1B*
1040a Ban Jose and Wsy Stations. 1.20*
11.30a Santa Clara, San Jose, Los Qatos
and Way Stations 7.30*''
130* Saa Jose and Way Stations «-34j.
. 3.00* Pacific GroTeKxpress— SantaClara *
6sa Jose, Del Monte, Monterey,
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa .
Clara for Santa Cnu, Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points)
at Gllroy .for Hollister, Tres
Ptaos, at Caatr*TllIe for Salinas. 12.19s*
U0* Gllroy Way Paasenster 110.49a
t4 4S* San Jose, (via Santa Oara) Loa
.: . Gstcs. and Principal Way Star
._ ,. tlons (except Sunday) t*28A
15-30* BanJoteandPrlnefpslWayStatloBS t3-03*.
6.00* Buaset Limited, Eastbound.— Saa
Lais Oblspo, &aau Barbara, Los
> ¦ ~ Angeles, Deming. El Paso. New
Orleans, New York. (Westbound
arr!Trffl»S»nJoaiatnValley>... «c9 2Sa
tS.15* S»a Maleo.Bere«ford,Belmont.Saa
, Carloa. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
.--1 Menlo Park. Palo Alto t8-43A
• J0» flagpole sad Wsy Stations. 8-33a
H.ZOr South Ssn Francisco, Mlllbrie. Bur-
lingsnie, Saa Mateo. Belmont,
. San Carlos. Kedwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and Paid Alto.;..-.-. " fl.48*
¦11.30* MayQeld, Mountain Vtew. Sunny-
Tale, Lawrence, Santa Clara and
San Joae... t3.45*
A tor Morning. g for Afternoon. *
t Sunday onty.
I Stops at til stations on Snnd»r.
t Sunday excepted. « Saturday only.
« Via Com Line. srVla San Jo.qula Valley.
CT*Only trains stopping at Valencia Si. southbound
*r»J:10A.««r7:<XU.M^ll:30A.».,3:30r.M.an<l«:a)p]«.
TO SAN RAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
via Sausalito Ferry.
buburbia airYice. StaadJud Gauge Elsctrio—
Depart from Fan Francisco Dally— 7:00. |.0O.
»:0U. 10-00. ll:0O a m.. 12:20^ 1:4* Z.li.
7:05, 9:00. .^^g^JjUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a. m. week days — Caaadero and way
'^Vllfp. m. week days (Saturdays «eepted>—
Tomales and way stations.
8:15 p. m- Saturdays— Casadero and way
"Sundays only— 10 a. to.. Point Reyes and way
"^ICTCET OFKICE-828 Market st. ',
; FERRT— Union Depot, foot of Market sC
Weekly Call, $1 "per 'Tear
'ROOMS TO LET Farn. and Dnfurn.
KNICKERBOCKER apartments. 1340"pTne, nr."
Hyde— Steam heat, electric lighted, free
bath; 3-room suites furnished, $30 up.
LACUNA and McAllister. St. James flat— Sun-
ny single room.
LARKIN. S04 — Sunny single room suitable for
gentleman; $5 SO per monthu
ROYAL House~i26 light*,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $S; month, $S to $30: elevator on ground
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
STEVENSON, 522 — Nicely furnished sunny
_front room; grate; $S. ¦
THI5~GIlIe?ple. 119 9th st. — Furnished rooms,
$1 50-$2 50 wk.; trans., 50c-$l night; quiet.
UNITED STATES, 123~Eddy st., near Market—
400 single end family rooms; 35c to $1 night;
$1 75 to $6 week; elevator: electric lights;
reading-room; free bus and baggage.
VAN NESS. 619 — Handrome sunny furnished
suites and single rooms; all conveniences.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 .3d St.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms i
?.5c to $1 60 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room; free bus; baggage.
I ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
ROOMS A.\n DOARD.
"^^^^^^^^joteITIj^tTmoreT r '"¦ " - -"
VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEART ST.
SELECT. FIRST-CLASS FAMILT HOTEL.
New and modern appointments: intercom-
municating and long distance phones in every
room; steam heated: hot and cold ocean water
baths; cuisine and service best; American plan
only, $3 to $5 day. Special rates by month.
! STEVENSON mansion, S07 California et. — At-
tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
. service; lowest rates.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714 — Private boardlog-house,
homelike; everything flrst-class; sunny
suites: pingle rooms: choice locality; ref.
SCIENTIFIC OPTICIANS.
DURING the G. A. R. encampment Dr. Cllse,
1023 Market et.. bet. 6th-7th. fitted glasses to
Gen. Miles: you want the best as well as he.
SBWXXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
NEW HOME sewing machine; this week only;
$10. $15 $20; slightly used; needles 20c doz.
NEW HOME S. M. CO.. 1051 Mantet St.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottingham. 204 Sutler st.
~ STABLES TO LET.
STABLE of 5 stalls to let to right man. 2S3Stt
I Harrison st.
STDTTERIXG AXD STAJttMERIXO.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market — Curs
in rvvry case; individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire into wonderful cures ;home cure. x
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS will be received at the U. S.
Navy Yard. Mare Island. California, until 12
o'clock noon, November 16, 1903, and publicly
opened immediately thereafter, to furnish
teams at the Mare Island Navy Yard until
July 1, 1901. Blank proposals will be fur-
niehed upon application to the Navy Pay Of-
fice. San Francisco, or to the Commandant,
CT. S. Navy Yard, Mare Island. Cal. B. H.
McCALLA. Captain. U. S. >?.. Commandant.
births-marriages-deathI"
Birth, tnarriare and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
MATTHES — In this city. November 7. 1903. to
the wife of J. W. Matthes. a daughter.
DEED.
Bareford. Ella K. McGrath. "Wm. T.
Baumhoer. Frank J. Magner. Max
Bellingham. Sarah Maguire. Mary
Donnelly, Sister M. Morris, Anna E.
Dwyer, M. J. Ny, Catherine
Emerson. Harriet E. Painter. Katherlne
Ermlnold. Brother Peterson, Paulln
Faulkner, Mary Pieperling, Annie M.
Galland. Fredericke Pomeroy, Mrs. E. J.
Heath, Edward L. Rooney, James J.
Heckman. Mary Scott. Wm. G. McO.
Holden, Vincent Ptmi, Gaetano
Horn, Jennie F. Stack. Thomas
Lacey. Charles IL Thomas, Martha E.
Lelevier. Joseph Thompson. Mrs. P.
Loudenalager, Agnes Tyson. Mary A.
Lyons. Clara Whalen. Patrick
BAREFORD^ — In this city. November 6. 190.3.
Ella K., beloved wife of C. Staee Bareford,
a native of New Jersey.
C7Frien<i« and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday.
November 9, at 11 o'clock, from the First
Baptist Church, 320 Eddy street.
BAUMHOER— In this city. November 7. 1903.
Frank J.. beloved husband of Jossie Baum-
hoer. father of Bernelce Baumhoer, son of
Herman J. Baumhoer, and brother of Mrs.
Mary Raabe, a native of Minnesota, aged 29
years 7 months and 17 days. A member of
Osceola Tribe No. 71. Improved Order of Red
Men. and Sign and Pictorial Painters' Union
No. 510. (Portland. Or., papers please copy.)
ICTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tueeday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where ser-
vices will be held at 1 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MEMBERS of Sign and Pictorial Painters'
Union No. 510 — You are respectfully invited
to attend the funeral of our late brother, F.
J. Baumhoer.
THOMAS McGILL. President.
W. J. X. ROBINSON, Secretary.
BELLINGHAM — In this city. November 7,
1903, Saxah Bellingham, beloved mother of
Mrs. Caroline Rodden, Mrs. E. E. Hunt, the
late Mrs. Fred Lux, Harry Thornton, Ed-
ward and Jair.cs Bellinghafn, a native of
England, aged 63 years and 6 months.
ITTTriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services Monday, November
0, 1903, at 11 o'clock, at her late residence,
2110^4 Larkin street. Interment private.
DONNELLY (Sister M. Bernadette)— To-mor-
row (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated at Corpus
Christl (Italian) Church, Croke street, off
Mission, for the repose of the soul of Sister
M. Bernadette of the Sisters of the Holy
Family.
DWYER— In this city. November 7, 1003. M.
J. Dwyer, a native of Syracuse, w. Y., aged
62 years.
E7"Interment private. "¦:•¦" =
EMERSON— In East Oakland. November 7.
VJVO. at 1273 Sixth avenue. Harriet E..
beloved wife of Charles P. Emerson, and
mother of Charles M. Emerson, a native of
Georgia, aged til years and 21. days.
ERMINOLD, BROTHER— An anniversary re-
quiem mass will be celebrated at St. Mary's
ColUge. Oakland, Tuesday, November 10, at
9:30 o'clock, for the repose of the soul of
the late president of St. Mary's College.
Friends are invited to be present.
FAULKNEP. — In Bethany, November 8, 1903,
Man-, dearly bsloved daughter of William
B. and Katie Faulkner, and sister of James,
Willie, Eddie and Jchn Faulkner, a native
of San Francisco, aged 4 years and 20 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday, at 9:30 o'clock, at her parents'
residence, Bethany. Interment at Livermore.
GALLAND — In this city, November 8, 1903,
Fredericke Galland, forever and ever dearly
beloved and affectionate mother of Jesse A.
Galland, a native of Germany, aged 67 years
10 months and 17 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 10:15 o'clock, at her
late residence. SS4 Geary street. Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
HEATH— In this city, November 6, 1903, Ed-
ward Livingstone Heath, a native of Mas-
sachusetts, aged 65 years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Monday, November 9. 1903. at 2 o'clock, at
the narlors of Porter & White, 423 Golden
Gate avenue.-
HECKMAN— At Bt. Luke's Hospital. Novem-
ber <J. 1903. Mary Heckman, a native of
New York City, aged 41 years..
lt7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services)
Monday, November 9, 1903, at 10 o'clock, at
the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate un-
dertaking Company, 247S Mission street, near
Twenty-flrst. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by carriage.
HOLDEN — In this city, November 8, 1903,
Vincent Harrold, beloved son of Lewis and
Katie Holden, a native of San Francisco,
aged 6 days.
HORN — Entered Into reet, in this " city, No-
vember 7. 1003. Jennie F. ' Horn, beloved
JgJc Dr.R.L.Walsh
Jffgi^^. kia «itnu3 denial jxtctiej
«» * 847 Geary St
Elmtly oy ? ..lte Saratoga Sail
Reduced Rates for Thirty Days
Painless Extraction ..... 25c '
FIN'nis .iJBfl flEfeWWfe :.V 5Oo". ' -
Crowns ... . . . $2.00 to $5.00
Plate Work . .{ . $5.00 to $25.00 i
gel iob m*. ar.^asj wakiix. .; ._';•_
REAL ESTATE—CITV— FOR 8AI.R.
MODERN com ape*; finished complete with
every convenience; cary terms; large lota.
4 rooms — t2SKK>.
« rooms— % 3230.
6 rooiM — f :-;.'.!.O.
6 rooms — ?:.¦".!«).
1 roome — $4100
5 rooms — $1000.
Located on First snd Second are., bet.
Geary and McAllister st. cars and one block
north of lark. F. NELSON, builder.
$2T>0 AND £20 month; cottage. 5 r. and b., on
Diamond tx»t. Jersey, Elizabeth. 25th, Array.
S*r>00— 2 nfve flatF. 4-5 r. nnd b; Mission & 29th.
?5oO down; rrr.ts pays the balance.
D. COFFIN & CO.. SaO3 Mission St.
NEW flats for m!p on 16th et., near Church;
rented at $1hm> a year; apply premises.
DAVID CONDON, builder and owner.
TO lease or for w:le — I»J acres: near Pan Ma-
teo. Particulars call 313 Langton et,. near
Seventh. V to 10 a. m.
lH'IT^D on your unimproved realty: we loan
full r-*t lmprov. and part let at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO., Crocker building.
FOR psle nr rent — Modem cottage, 6 rooms snd
bath. 2N25 Webster St., near Union.
FIXE lnr-ome flats on Fulton, nr. City nail;
r«>a*cnnt>!«'. Inquire 142 Fulton Et.. owner.
ItCAX L> TATK — Country — I'or Sale.
NOnrr TO EMPLOYES.
A rare chance for parties earning a small
•alary to get themselves a nice country
home.
$4<O — $100 flown, $23 a month, will buy 10
acre* of choice citrus fruit, berry, table or
wine grape lar.d in the Whltaker & Ray
Colony, Sacramento County, IS miles from
capital of State.
2000 acres cold, 1500 planted; ro^d school
and olos<» to railroad •tation. QCIGGLE,
rare WHITAKEU & RAY CO.. 723 Market
Et. : hours, 9 to 10 a. rn., 4 to 5 p. :•;., or
addrec* box 15. Gait.
flO A MONTH buys a ten-acre farm twelve
tnlle* from Sacramento; write for booklet;
ifs free. WRIGHT & K1MBROUGH. 603
J rt.. Sacramento. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchard*.
\-ireyards; inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 613
Market st.
IF you want a stock ranch dairy or colonlra-
t1cn tract, write CHAS. W. OOE * CO.. 43
West Santa rt.. San Jose. Cal.
TWO houses and lot with barn, paying 10 per
cert; reasonable: «>asy payments. Address
box B. Call branch, S00 Hayes et.
FOR poultry and dairy rtnrliw yielding a rood
prof.t. HAMILTON & KHNPRICTCPetaluma.
POIXT niCHMOXD REAL ESTATE.
TVATER front lots and bargains: all tracts;
trmn* rhrt"« »te. BELL 417 Parrott blfljr.
REAL ESTATE •"<> EXCHAXGE.
OAKLAND property to exchange for a small
ranch in Fonoma or Napa County. P. C.
LABSEN & CO.. 46C Tenth *t.. Oakland, Cal.
RANCH, town or city property, with cash, for
city home. BELOATE, room 219, Parrott
building.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BKRKELEV REAL. ESTATE.
SNAP — Wfcy pay rent when you can buy a
neat, almost new cottage, 5 rooms, bath,
pantry, folding door*, mantel, stationary
tubs, hot and cold water; deep well, wind-
mill and 6000-gallon tank; large lot; 1 block
to electric care, 2 blocks new ferry line, 3
blocks S. P. station; |21<X>; terms $150 cash,
balance $20 monthly. Open Sundays. O. A.
• RUDOLPH. Lorin Station.
BARGAIN — Step paying rent; new 6-room cot-
tasre; bath, pantry; latest style plumbing:
folding doors, camel, cas and electric lights,
city water, stationary tubs; large lot; fruit
trees, chicken house; all fenced and cross-
fenced; price $2000; terms only $150 cash,
balance flS monthly. O. A. RUDOLPH,
Lcrln Station. Open Sundays.
$'#*) TO $1250 for those elegantly situated lota
in the Berry-Bangs tract; only a few left;
street work all done; cars within 1 block;
this property lies east of Telegraph ave.
MORTIMER & CO., 2123 Center st.
$1200 TO f20fX>— Splendid lots in the Daley*
Scenic Park: this property adjoins the Wheel-
er tract and view is excellent; no climbing
necessary; easy grade; street work all done;
Rear college, Berkeley. W. J. MORTIMER &
CO.. 2123 Center st.
FOR seJe — Bargain for few days; NW. ccr. lot
on Telegraph ave. ; B2 feet frontage; 10 min-
utes' walk to V. C. ; also 7-room modern
house; all walls tinted, ceilings In hall, din-
ing-room end parlor frescoed. Call on or
address owner, C. E. BATLORF, 2401 Ward
et.. near Telegraph ave., Berkeley.
LAWTON & ALBEE, real estate, have for sale
Berkeley homes, residence and business lots
at lowest prices: choice Investment property,
paying 6 per cent to 10 per cent net; refer to
either bank In Berkeley. 2129 Center et.
$200 CA5H, balance Ilk* rent, buys new 6-room
house in Berkeley; near ferry line and cars.
gee owner 1230 Haskell st.. near San Pablo.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BBOADWAY.
OAKLAND REAX. ESTATE.
f.6500— BUILT ard formerly occupied by the
present Governor at a coet of $AKtOO; house
of 10 rooxni; dialng-room, library, hall and
entrance finished in hard wood; hot air
. heaters, modern Diumbinjr, electric spark
lighting, 5 expensive mantels; beautiful
style of aj-chitecture; fine marine view
corner lot. 75x125. with rustic stone coping
and iron fence, com over $10u0; con\-enient
to echoo] and cars and business center-
present owner a con -resident and must
sell; no reasonable offer refused; first
come first served. J. g. MTERS or GEO.
*3=50— JUST think of it; 2 cottages. 5 room-,
bath, basement, brick foundation, hot and
cold wat*r. gaa, street work all complete-
lot 00x150; fruit trees, carriage driveway 1
near school, local train, cars and business
center; present income $32 per month-
owner has pone East and his instructions'
are to ssetl: we must sell, we will sell to
the first applicant who will talk cash and
make reasonable offer. J. 8. MTERS cr
GEO. W. AUSTIN. OT
$5500. REDUCED from $C500— Death compel.
owner to leave for Los Angeles and he is
forced to eell; location. Webster st. near
l»th; only 3 blocks from the business cen-
ter, postofflce and narrow-gaujre local; 7
rooms, bath: only occupied 7 months- open
lawn, colonial style, nickel plumbing
plate plaas; In fact aa ideal home; muit
be *r>\&; »*« it and make offer. J S
MTERS or GEO. W. AUSTIN. ' '
•JO rent — Two first class n«w fiats. Telegraph
av»., tmr 27th Bt.. $25 and $3O: choice
neighborhood ; easy -walking distance from
town. Apply 1609 Telegraph ave.
OAKLA\D FCR3HTUR.C FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the flay for bargains in furni-
ture. H. Schejlhaaa. 11th st-.cor.store.Oaklnd.
ROOMS FOR UOCSEKKEi'ISO.
I AJ4TLEBS. 415 Turk st. — Strictly modem, 4-8
roota apartments; fur, or unfur. for htkpg.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1042 — Parlor floor of 4
rooms; dean, ccxy and convenient: with use
of piano. - ." ¦
HARBISON, 407 — Three furnished rooms to let
for housekeeping; rent $15.
HOWARD. 1050— Sunny housekeeper rooms,
siso single: gas; $8 to $14 month.
OAK. 117 — Sunny front suites; $12 to $18; gas
range, hot bath, laundry: adults,
SACRAMENTO. 1390—2 housekeeping rooms,
furnii;h'>d or unfurn.: runny; 2 large closets.
Iloaarkps: Itooms — Apnrtm't Houses.
A THE LUCERNE "" '..
LARKIN ST.. BET. BUTTER AJ«D BUSH;
THE SUNNIEST FURNISHED APART-
MENTS IN THE CTTT; THOROUGHLY
MODERN: SUPERIOR SERVICE: CHOICE
LOCATION; ALL CAR LINES; NOW OPEN.
THE Frederick. 901 Stanyan. opp. Park— Furn.
Bpartnwr.ty; prl. bath; steam heater; janitor.
ROOMS TO LCT Kurn. and I'nfora.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth s*.— Rooms
25c to $1 per eight. $1 25 to $5 per week and
llgtit housekeeping rooms; open ail night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market »t. (or No. 1
Fifth mt.)— Rooms. 23c, 60c. $L $1 60 night;
« 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT, 1428 Market fold No. 1364)— Fur-
nlfhed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CHELSEA, 6. 8. tide Eush, near Powell— Cozy
front room; 1 cr 2 gentlemen; reasonable.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished suney rooms; prices reasonable.
1 ELLIS, 1909, near Bcott— Nice large furnished
I room; cas; is.
r'HANKLIN. 721, near Turk— Sunny front
room*: all conveniencee; suitable for one or
two; $8 50 to $17.
rULTON, 885— Newly furnished bay -window
front rooms, en suite or single; gaX Dhone,
2 RAND 6outhern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 60c
to $160 night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
fATES, 385— Front furnished room: large
wife of Freeman C. Horn, mother of Myr-
tle, Gladys and Milton Horn, : and daughter
of Robert and Jane M. Cove. , -
C7Friends . and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral eervlces
Tuesday, November 10, 1903, at 1:30 o'clock,
at the home of her parents, 2011 Howard
street, between; Sixteenth - and \ Seventeenth.
Interment Oyxtptss Lawn Cemetery, by car-
riage.
LACEY — In this city, November 6, 1903,
Charles H., beloved son of Peter J. and the
late Mary E. Lacey, and loving brother of
Joseph. Guesie, Tillle and Tessle Lacey and
Mrs. R. H. Smith, a native of San Fran-
cisco, as-ed 19 years 4 months and 10 days.
E7Fiiemls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to 'attend ' the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of his sister. Mrs. R. H. Smith. 111SH
Florida street, thence to St. Peter's Church
for services at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
LELEVIER— In this city. November 7, 1903,
Joseph T.elevler. beloved brother of Mrs; A.
Cassen, Mrs. J. Durand, Mrs. L. Landgrebe
and Mrs. J. Day. a native of San j Fran-
cisco, aged 40 years and 6 months.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Bervicei
Monday. November 9. 1903. at 2 o'clock, at
the mortuary chapel of J. S. Godeau, 305
Montgomery avenue.. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
LOUDENSLAGER— In this city. November 8.
lt»03, Agnes Loudenslager, beloved mother of
Mrs. John de Angelis of this city, and
grandmother of Thomas J. de Angelis and
Mm. Henry H. Hustls of Brooklyn, N. Y., a
native of New York City, aged 81 years 9
months and 4 days.
Ey Friends are respectfully Invited to. at-
tend the. funeral to-morrow (Tuesday), at 10
o'clock, from St. Mary's Church, corner
California and Dupont streets, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
LYONS — Clara, beloved daughter of S. and
Anna Lyons, and doarly beloved sister of
Amanda, Anna, Henry and Arthur Lyons.
CT" Funeral services at Union Presbyterian
Church. Oakland, Tuesday, at 2 o'clock.
McGRATH— In this city. November 7. 190.1,
William T., belovtd infant son of P. J. and
Annie McGratb. a native of San Franclaco,
aged 11 months and 9 days.
MAGNER— In this city, November 8, 1903,
Max, beloved husband of Babetta Magner,
and father of Mra. S. H. Williams and The-
resa, Grace, Emanuel and Nat A. Magner,
a native of Germany, aged 70 years 10
months and 22 days. A member of Stockton
Lodge No. 11, I. O. O. F. ; Parker Encamp-
ment No. 3 of Stockton, and Hope Lodge
No. 126, I. O. B'nal B'rith, Stockton. (Stock-
ton papers please copy.)
£7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, a< his
late residence, 827 Turk street, under the
auspices of the General Relief Board, I. O.
O. F. Interment Hills of Eternity Ceme-
tery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and
Townsend streets.
MAGUIRE— In this city, November 7, 1003,
Mary, beloved wife of Peter Maguire, mother
of Maggie and the late Mazie Maguire, and
cousin of Mrs. J. S. Purcell. Mrs. J. F. Dig-
num and John Hurley, a native of England,
aged 48 years.
(E7"Frlend& and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 123 Point Lobos avenue, thence
to Holy Cross Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul at 9 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland, on arrival of the 11
o'clock boat from San Francisco.
MORRIS — In Berkeley, November 8, 1903, An-
na Elizabeth, beloved daughter of M. L. and
V. A. Morris of Crows Landing, Cal., a na-
tive of Oakland. Cal., aged 20 years 7
months and 21 days.
NY— In this city. November 7, 1903, Catherine
Ny, a native of Londonderry, aged 80 years
and 8 months.
E^Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), from the Chapel of the Passion of
St. Mary's Hosoital, First and Harrison
streets, at 9 o'clock, when a solemn high
ma£s will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery,
Oakland.
PAINTER — Katherlne C. Painter (nee
ORourke). wife of Dr. George L. Painter.
C7"Intermcnt at 2:15 o'clock to-day at St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
PETERSON— In this city. November 8, 1903,
Paulln Peterson, dearly beloved husband of
Nellie Peterson, and beloved father of Al-
bert. George, Charles, Frank. Peter. Alfred,
Ruth and the late Paul and Paulin L. Peter-
son, a native of Sweden, aged 47 years 9
months and 17 days.
PIEPERLING — In this city, November 7, 1903,
-Annie Marcarethe, beloved wife of Joseph
•pieperling, and beloved mother of Charles
Pieperling. Mrs. P. Stevenson and Annie
Pieperling, a native of Hessen- Darmstadt,
Germany, aged 49 years 6 months and U
days.
E7"rhe funeral w^Il take place Monday,
November 9. at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1143 Union street, corner of Hyde.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery. Please
omit flowers.
POMEROY— In East Oakland, November 8.
1903, at 1718 Ninth avenue, Mrs. Elizabeth
Jane Pomeroy, mother of Edgart and Camp-
bell Pomeroy, a native of England, aged' 63
years and 25 days.
ROONEY — In this' city, November 6, 1903,'
James J. Rooney, beloved husband of the
late Mary A. Rooney, beloved father of Mrs.
F. A. Itrich, Mrs. Ernst Zimmerman, James
J. Rooney Jr., Mrs. F. Fleck and D. J. and
Hugh Rooney of Honolulu, and brother of
. Patrick Rooney, a native" of County Sllgo,
Ireland, aged 72 years. A member of St.
Patrick's Mutual Alliance Association of
California.
E7Frlen'Jo and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of his daughter, Mrs. Ernst Zimmerman,
1711 Thirteenth avenue, between N and P
streets south. South San Francisco, thence
to All Hallows Church, Sixteenth avenue
and N streets south, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
ST. PATRICK'S Mutual Alliance Association
of California — The funeral detail will as-
semble at the late residence of our deceased
brother, James Rooney, 1711 Thirteenth ave-
nue. South San Francisco, thence to the
church and place of interment. Members
are invited to attend. Funeral will occur at
9 o'clock this morning.
. THOMAS M. SEAREY, President.
THOMAS E. GIBBONS, Cor. Sec.
SCOTT— In this city, November 8. 1003, "Wil-
liam George McGann "Scott," beloved hus-
band of Catherine "Scott," son of Malock
and Margaret McGann, and brother of Mrs.
Mazie Collins and Thomas E. McGann, a
native of New York City, aged 39 years.
ICTRemains at the parlors of the United
Undertakers, 866 Mission street, between
Fourth and Fifth.
SIMI — In this city, November 6, 1903, Gaetano
Slmi, dearly beloved husband of Cesana Siml,
and beloved father of Pio and Julio Simi,
Mrs. Pla Belli and Mrs. Julia Belli, a native
of San Donato, Lucca, Italy, aged 60 years
and 7 months. . ¦
|C7"Funeral strictly private from his late
residence, 415 Bay street, at 12 o'clock, Mon-
day, November 9, 1903, thence to Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
where services will be held under the aus-
pices of Bperanza Lodge No. 219, F. and
A. M., thence to Italian Cemetery, by fu-
iieral csr. Please omit flowers.
STACK — In this city. November 8, 1903,
Thomas, dearly beloved husband of Mary
Stack, and father of William P., Thomas F.
and James E. Stack and Mrs. F. II. King,
a naUve of County Kerry, Ireland, aced 70
years 8 months and 12 days.
C7Friends a nd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:45 o'clock, from his late
residence. 1043 Silver avenue, near San
Bruno road, thence to All Hallows Church,
corner of Sixteenth avenue and N street,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repoaa of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
THOMAS — In this city, November 8,' 1903,
Martha B. Thomas, beloved mother of Frank
XJ. Thomas and Mrs. Arbella Hawley of
Detroit, Mich., a native of Wheeling, W.
Va., aged 79 years.
inr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral . Tuesday,
November 10, at 10 o'clock, .from her late
residence. 732 Harrison street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery, ' by ¦ 11 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets. ¦
THOMPSON— In this city, November 7, 1903,
at her residence, 040 Turk street, Mrs. P. 8.
Thompson, beloved mother of T. , R. Thomp-
son and F. C. Thompson of Stockton, Mrs.
V. J, Johnson and Mrs. F. C. Warren of this
city, and A. Q. Thompson of Los Angeles, a
native of Charleston; Va., aged 63 years 7
months and 10 days. (Stockton and Bakers-
field papers please copy.). ¦ _¦ ¦
E7The funeral services will be held at the
chapel of the Odd Fellows' Crematory on
Monday, at 1 o'clock. 8trlctly private.
TYSON— In thla city, November 7. 1003, Mary
A., wife of the late Isaac Tyson, a. native
of New York, aeed 73 years.
C Funeral from the residence of her
daughter, Mrs. J. H. Leo, 1759 Ellis street,
Monday. November 9, at 1:30 o'clock. Pri-
vate. Please omit flowers.
"WHALEN— In this city, November «' 8, 1903,
Patrick, dearly beloved husband : of the late
.Mary Whalen, and loving father of May -B.,-
" Catherine A. and M. E. Whalen, ' and * the
late John J. and Mary A. Whalen, ; a natHe
¦of County Galway, Ireland.-. ¦. - ; ¦
(n?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, . from his late resi-
dence. 153 State «treet, between Castro and
Douglass and Sixteenth and Seventeenth,
thence to Most Holy Redeemer Church.
- where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his eoui at 10 o'clock. In-'
; terment Holy Cross Cemetery.;. ¦-"
°=^ ggjgsjM|iMM»aB^BpMlaM&IBlUtTI
; ,. . .- TtA^' r f VWAY TBAVlsr> -
jg *^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ i^^^^i— ~i^m^—^i^^ urn i mi ii r ""'H
I The Man I
I of Millions. J
R We have two propositions for trans-continental |
I travelers. fj
w One is for the man of millions; the other for
H " millions of men. jl
|| The "man of millions" proposition is this: The y
H Overland Limited, which leaves San Francisco dj
P io.oo a. m. daily, carries a through sleeping car for q
H Omaha and- Chicago via the Rock Island. Car lies '|
I over at Salt Lake City five hours, passes through the Q
p finest scenery of the Rockies by daylight, and at ||
| Denver is attached to the Rock Island's night express n
I The "millions of men" proposition is the tourist |j
tj car. "VVe run so many that we can't even name
II ¦ .. . them here. They leave San Francisco g
B _ d^^ fi _ 9 daily via El Paso; Sunday, Wednesday M
K and Saturday via Colorado. ft
U J^yilfrttj^ F> W> THOMPSON, Geasral Wotcra Agsnt, H
0 |£§&J==8»»2SwVj|jj 623 Marks* Street, Saa Francisco, NMark Twain's Winter Home.
FLORENCE. Italy, Nov. 8.— Samuel I*
Clemens and nia family, accompanied by
George Gregory Smith, have arrived here
and taken possession of the Villa Quarto,
four miles from the city. The -villa for
merly waa the . property . of • a Russian
Grand Duchess and afterward was occu
pied.by the King of .Wurtemberg. It is
now owned by Count Reybaudl.Massiglia,
Italian Minister to Persia, who formerly
was Consul at Philadelphia, . where he
married Miss Paxton.
, Trapper's OH cures rheumatism and nenr-lsla.
XirotgimtM. 60c -ask. Richard & Co.,' 406 Clay.*
Weddtnr cake boxes," weddta* stationery. Ed
ward B. Knowlea. 24 Second St.: Mala 699. •
. The boy was riding a bicycle on the
Mission road last Tuesday and when near
Silver avenue was knocked down by a
wagon laden with potatoes. The driver
of the wagon did not take the trouble to
stop : and ' se© whether the boy . had been
injured, but drove on. Young Tisconnio
was picked up by. a passing teamster and
taken to St. Luke's Hospital, where he
died yesterday morning. .
: The police ascertained that the wagon
belonged to Gus Llndauer, proprietor of
livery stables on Howard street, and,De
tectives Fitzgerald and Graham were de
tailed by Captain Martin to find the dri
ver and place him under arrest pending
the result of the Coroner's Inquest.
John Tisconnio, 15 years of agre, whose
parents live at 4920 Mission street, died
at St Luke's Hospital yesterday morn
ing 1 from } internal injuries and his body
was removed to the Morgue by Deputy
Coroner Meehan.
John Tisconnio Is Knocked From
Bicycle in Collision and Dies
at St. Luke's.
BOY FATALLY TNJTTOED
t BY A POTATO WAGON
"When the police reached the hall . the
woman was the center of a fighting mob
of men who had been battling with chairs
and anything else that caxne handy. "Ra
mon Elorlta. a marine fireman, living
at 45 Sacramento street, had been stabbed
in the back with a pocket knife and he
was sent to the Harbor Emergency Hos
pital.
The Delgardo woman and Frank Enos
were arrested on a charge of vagrancy;-
Francisco Luarez, J. Gonzales, J. Campo,
Michael Lieba, John Coach and Elorita
were also arrested and a charge of dis
turbing the peace was booked against
them.
There was a free right at a Spanish ball
in Apollo Hall, on 'Pacific street, early
yesterday morning and several arrests
were made by Sergeant Donovan and Po
licemen Matheson and Davids. The cause
of the disturbance was Julia. Delgardo, a
woman of the half world, living in
Hinckley alley.
Police Are Called In and Eight Par
ticipants Are Taken to
Prison.
WOMAN IS CAUSE OF
FBEE FIGHT AT B ALL
The old original Indian Basket Store,
•638 Post St., cor. Jones, selling out at cost.
Examine our stock before buying. •
tumes, and the audience applauds both the
acting and the costumes.
Perhaps the most interesting feature of
the bill came last, In the biograph pic
tures of the motor race at Ingleslde this
week. The pictures are a record in bio
graph annals, having been made and pro
duced in two days. They were handsome
ly applauded.
Oldfield searched In vain for a police
man, but could find none. He said he
was willing to be arrested himself if it
would do anything toward bringing the
three toughs to justice. The daring mo
torist has two badly, swollen hands as a
souvenir • of the encounter, but says he
will let the matter drop and will not
bother about having the hoodlums ar
reeted. V.:.;]
A large crowd had gathered and great
excitement prevailed. The mob seemed
to be In sympathy with the defeated trio
and threatened to wreck the two automo
biles and wreak ita vengeance upon the
victors In the fray. The two ladies in
the Oldfield party were badly frightened
and mortified at tha publicity the affair
created.
Alexander In the meantime was having
his hands full with the two remaining
members of the buggy party. He shouted
to Oldfleld for aid and Oldfleld responded
With a hard punch he laid out one of the
roughs, and a second later Alexander fln
iehed the other. Then the man whom
Oldfield had tackled first rushed to the
scene and was Just In time to receive a
punch from the champion motorist that
laid him low.
It was Oldfleld's lot to be pitted against
the largest of the three men. and he
made a merry set-to for a few minutes.
Finally the motorist ran his man down
the street, punching him all the while,
till the latter was nearly exhausted.
CBOWD DEMONSTRATIVE.
Oldfleld then slowed up and the three
men in the rig came abreast of the auto
party. They began to use foul and abus
ive language and threatened to wreck the
two machines.
Their threats angered Oldfleld and Alex
ander, and seeing that the only way out
of the difficulty was to right, they climbed
out of the machine and made a rush for
the buggy. The three men were Just get
ting but and they attacked the auto
mobiliats.
He shouted to Oldfleld to stop, but the
motorist, anxious to avoid trouble, paid
no attention to the signal. But Graham
was suffering intense pain and he cried
out to Oldneld for aid and at the same
time applied the brakes to the racing ma
chine.
Oldfield and his friends were going along
at a slow rate and in front of them was
a party of three men in a buggy, all
slightly under tbe influence of liquor. Old
field's machine eoon overtook the rig and
it seemed to anger Its occupants.
The men In the buggy quickened their
horse's pace and as they came abreast of
Graham one of them deliberately struck
the latter across the face with a whip.
It was an ugly cut and caused Graham to
cry out with pain.
FIGHTING BEGINS.
Barney Oldfield. the world's champion
automobillst, was the hero of a fistic en
gagement on Golden Gate avenue last
night. The daring motorist and his friend,
Harry Alexander, succeeded in subduing
a trio of drunken hoodlums and then
barely escaped being mobbed by a crowd
of onlookers, who seemed to sympathize
with the vanquished. - ( -
Oldfield and his party were on their
way in from Ingleslde shortly before" 7
o'clock. In the party were Oldfield and
Mrs. Oldfield and Harry Alexander and
Mrs. Alexander. The party occupied a
large touring car, which was towing Old
fleld'B racer Bullet No. 3, In which was
seated Charles Graham, Oldfleld's machin
ist.
Daring Motorist Has a
Lively Battle With
Hoodlums.
George Stader, a boy. was accidentally
shot with a 32-caliber rifle while shooting
at a target at Glen Park yesterday after
noon. The lad thought the gun was not
loaded and pulled the trigger while the
barrel was pointing toward him. He re
ceived a painful wound in the left thigh.
He was treated at the City and County
Hospital.
Boy Trifles With Gun.
OLOFEELO PROVES
WILLING FIGHTER
SffTi Francisco Grutli Verein Presents
Good Programme of Comical
Farce and Dancing.
The San Francisco Grutli Verein gave
its annual November festival last evening
In Turn Verein Hall, on Turk street.
The entertainment included a dramatic
programme, singing and dancing.
The most important event of the eve
ning was a comical farce given by the
Ringing section of the club, entitled "Ein
Kleiner Schwindel." The hall was filled
to the doors and the several numbers,
which were well rendered, were loudly
applauded by the appreciative audience.
Professor C. Hoffman managed. tbe dra
matic part of the entertainment, after
which the floor was cleared for dancing.
CERHLAN SOCIETY GIVES
BEGUI*AB ANinJAIi BAXL
No charge for lettering your name in
gold on pocketbooks, card and letter
cases, cameras, traveling sets, trunks,
valises, dress suit cases and other fine
leather goods purchased at our store.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
It has been the custom in the month of/
November for a number of years for
Nathan-Dohrmann Co. to place on exhi
bition at their salesroom on Sutter street
an interesting display of dinner appoint
ments arranged upon tables for the ben-'
efit of their patrons and friends. Im
provements* have been made since last
year, making more room and allowing
the goods to be displayed to a better
advantage.
These exhibits are always largely at
tended and have been of great interest to
those housekeepers who are desirous of
new ideas for the beautifying of their
dining-room.
« This year's display is the most elabo
rate of all and the arrangements of
China, Rock Crystal. Silverware, Lights
and Flowers are exceedingly attractive.
A few moments spent sight seeing
these i days at Nathan-Dohrmann's will
be time well spent.
A Beautiful Thanksgiving Display.
Nelson reported the matter to the Har
bor police station and detectives were at
once detailed on the case. The brave sea
man was then taken to the Harbor Hos
pital, where an ugly wound on- his right
arm was dressed.
Knud Nelson, a seaman on board the
schooner Stofen, lying in the stream at
the foot of Third street, had a fight with
a gang of bay pirates last night. The
thugs were engaged in robbing the
schooner Champion, which was lying
alongside the Stofen, when Nelson ob
served, theml He succeeded In driving
them away single-handed, but received an
ugly gash in the right arm from a knife
wielded by one of the gang.
Nelson was standing on the deck of the
Stofen when he observed four men row
ing over to the Champion. No one was
aboard the boat at the time, and when
the pirates made for the captain's cabin
Nelson's suspicions were aroused. He
quickly climbed aboard the Champion and
caught the band in the act of ransacking
the captain's cabin. He jumped into the
midst of the pirates and began to use
his lists with telling effect. Finally one
of the thugs pulled a knife and cut Nel
son on the arm. The seaman kept on
fighting, however, and managed to rout
the band.
There was the usual Jam at the Or
pheum last night. Those who composed
the crowd were not disappointed at the
show. Not only the holdovers, but the
new features on the programme pleased
the audience immensely and were award
ed by the true old Orpheum stamping and
hand-claps. Truth is that the holdovers
were better than the new specialties and
deserve to be held over for a good week
more at least.
Phil and Nettie Peters do a turn which
takes only in a half-hearted manner, and
which might be improved upon. It is too
much like a beer hall stunt, and Is scarce
ly relieved by anything which could be
called high class. For a good example of
a thoroughly bored tabby cat Goleman's
prize pussy, with the red ribbon, claims
the reward. She knows her business, how
ever and takes the "leap for life" in true
professional spirit.
Max Waldon gives a perfect Imitation
of everything feminine, from Carmen
down to a French grizette. The audience
had just begun to think that he was go-
Ing to impersonate Mother Eve when the
turn came to an abrupt termination. The
Jack Theo Trio do some lightning acro
batic novelties in dainty Louis XIV cos-
The man behind me shed a cynical
"Marvelous!" after each of Herrmann's
tricks last night. The gentleman evident
ly felt that he had to say something.
Like the rest of us, however, he kept his
mouth open while Herrmann burned up
a charming damsel in a paper torture
chamber, and so on. But "she"— as Billy
Van would say — was with him, and you
couldn't expect him. under the circum
stances to acknowledge that be was fooled
by a mere magician.
Herrmann the Great, however, succeeds
in fooling- all of the people most of the
time. That they enjoy it was evident
from the good house that turned up at
the California last night. There is some
thing delightful in these strenuous days
in seeing a man pick dollars from the
air, hook live fish from the carpet, ex
tract a rabbit from a handful of paper
shavings. Most of these stunts, of course,
have been done before, as well as the
wizard palming and sleight-of-hand, in
which Herrmann excels. But there is
much new, and the rest — In spite of the'
first great Herrmann's wife's naively ex
pressed opinion of her nephew's work— is
all good.
Chief among the new illusions is the
"levitation" of the Princess Mahomeda.
Even the man behind gave it up. So
did I. The orientally named lady, enters
on a stage prepared for her reception with
a black screen against which Is placed a
small couch. The wizard walks around
this, then places the princess upon It.
She lies down. Then, with -the usual
hocus-pocus of passes, the wizard lifts
his. wand and the lady lifts with it. Grad
ually she rises to a height of perhaps
three feet from the couch, suspended ap
parently in air. The wizard walks around
her again, his figure seen plainly between
her and the screen. Then, as climax,
Herrmann takes a common wooden hoop
and encircles the princess with it, pass
ing it from her head to her feet, appar
ently completely demonstrating that
there is no support for the suspended
figure. The illusion is quite the best . of
its kind seen here. Another almost as
good is where a figure is made to dis
appear through a mirror. All the chil
dren should see the show, that goes only
for the week. • ' . '¦>
Next Sunday evening "Sis Hopkins" ar
rives. • BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
The other two witnesses— Gaston de
Renzey, a shoemaker at 1351 Bush street,
and James de Fellchi, a ' powder-maker '
from Berkeley— say they were standing
about half a block from the corner when
they heard the shot. Turning, they say
they saw a woman rush along Kearny
street in the direction of the bay and a
man come down Green street toward
them, but on the other side of the street.
The man ran as far as Dupont street,
then turned and was' lost to sljrht. The
statement of these three persons was all
the detectives were able to secure last
night. To-day the investigation will, be
continued.
Why Migalo was killed is a perplexing
question. He was a bootblack, about 40
years of age. and lived with his 17-year
old son at 15 Reed place. He had been
in this country but two years, and had a
wife and four other children in Italy.
He conducted a stand on Fourth street
and was always regarded as a peaceable
man. His eon states that he had no ene
mies and that he was a member of no
secret organizations. The boy was work-
Ing all day and does not know when his
father -left home or where he went. Rob
bery could not have been a motive, as a
purse and sack containing $68 were found
in his pockets and no effort had been
made to take thenvout.
The bullet struck Migalo In the fore
head and came out the back of his head.
It ranged upward and there are powder
marks on the face showing that the shot
was fired at close range. There Is a dis
position on the part of the Italians to
keep the matter quiet and an air of
mystery Is maintained by all who have
been questioned. The police believe that
the crime was deliberately planned, and
that the bootblack was lured to his death.
There is another story current that the
murder was the result of some trouble
that occurred at the corner of Dupont and
Green streets a short, time before the
shooting and that four men were seen
following Migalo to the scene of his death.
Witnesses, however, are lacking, but the
Investigation to-day probably will bring
all the facts to light.
Prospero Migalo, an Italian bootblack,
was mysteriously murdered shortly be
fore midnight last night. The crime was
committed at the corner of Green and
Kearny streets, and there la no clew as
to its perpetrator. Migalo was j shot in
the forehead, toppled to the street and
died Instantly. Three witnesses are de
tained by Detectives Ed O'Dea and George
Mulcahy, who have the case In charge.
The witnesses claim to have seen people
running from the scene of the crime and
two of them implicate a woman.
M. Baldocche, who runs a fruit stand at
the corner of Union street and Montgom
ery, avenue, was first to notify Policeman
Mattherson of the crime. He refused to
give his name and was taken to the Hall
of Justice. When questioned he said
that he was standing at the corner of
San Antonio place and- Vallejo street
when he eaw, a man rush out of the first
named thoroughfare from Green street
and continue In the direction of Dupont.
Baldocche then became reticent and the
police are positive that he knows a great
deal more of the case than he Is, willing
to tell.
Succeeds, Single Handed, in
Routing Pour Daring
Bay Pirates.
Biograph Pictures of Motor
Kaces Please Audience
at Orpheum.
Killing of Prospero Migalo
Is Being Investigated by
the Police.
Wizard Pools All of the
People Most of the
Time.
Italian Bootblack Shot
While Walking on
the Street.
Knud Nelson "Wounded
f in Battle on Board
Schooner.
HERRMANN HOLDS
ALL HIS CUNNING
MURDER IS DONE
BY UNKNOWN MAN
SEAMAN FIGHTS
BAND OF THUGS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1903.
r.i President Rlpley and his party of ; offi
cials of i the ! Santa Fe road ; will leave to-'
nlghtf for/ Monterey/, where , they will i re- :
main fun til * to-morrow ; and * then 'continue
south.V--T e!S ! terda yT' the : members *• of i the
party j were ; the , guests jof , Captain rA. H.
Payson at; Burlingame,t where they/apent
the greater part of the day ; playing golf.
Dr. O. Carpenter of Pasadena 1b at tfid
Grand. -'; _-•
Railroad Commissioner A. C. Irwln is
at the Ldck.
; A. I* Voorhles, a merchant of Napa, Is
at the Occidental.
Lu-W. Bllnn.acapltaliat of Los Ange
les; Is ' at the : Palace.
;• D. Alexander, • a". merchant of Watson
vllle, is at. the Occidental.
James . MeJghan; a - milling man s of
Qroveland, Is at the Palace. .,
Judge "G. "W. Nlcol and wife of Sonora'
are registered at the Occidental.
N.' S. Clark,- a> smelter , man fromVVic
torla, BrC, Is registered at the Palace. /
¦ ;-,,W."'-W.'; Norrls,- a ; mining^ man ; of ' New
; York,' who is (interested; in properties in
Mexico,'; Is ; at the ¦ Occidental with his
wife. ; ¦ '¦/,".
PERSONAL MENTION.
10
pOLDBERQ
BDWEN
& CO.
FOR THANKSGIVING
New citron — sweet cider'
mince-meat — plum pudding
Smyrna figs in baskets
cranberries — mammoth pecan
and walnuts — c hestnuts
stuffed dates—stuffed figs
__________———_————-——————————————-—————
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Tea — Mandarin Nectar 45*
Fragrant blend of uncolored teas—
reg'Ty 6oc lb
Coffee— Pasha blend 3OC
A blend of old mellow 2 IbS 55C
coffees— reg'ly 35c lb «
Tomato catsup— G.b.&Co. 15c
Made from finest fresh tomatoes —
reg'ly 20c bottle
ShnmpS—Barataria 2 cans ?5C
Fora quick, delicious salad-
packed fresh from the gulf
0 1 i Ve oi 1— Sublime 50c
Best Italian oil—
reg'ly 60c qt
CoCOa— Baker 2OC
Easily digested — thoroughly
wholesome— reg'ly 25c can
Bacon— Ferris 22$C
Cooks crisp— tastes delicious
every morning In the year—
reg'ly 24c lb
AsparagUS— Sunbeam 22jc
Asparagus tips ioc
Hickmott— rcg'iy 25c— ia#ccan
Wheatena— Health food 20c
Peeled wheat— full of 3 for 5OC
nutriment— cooks in a
Bouillon capsules esc
Beef tea— celery flavor—
reg'ly 30c box of ten
Squash— pumpkin 1 5c
Oneida Community— doz $1 65
. reg'ly 20c can
Smyrna figs ft 25c
First Imported this season
DRPIERCE^.
GOLDEN
MEDICAL _ _-__,
DISCOVERY
$ '*<£*£?ifrs- FOR THE
BLOOD, LIVER, LUNGS.
ADVEIlTISKTVrPiNTa.
stamps Given oa {Sp^ K*«A i» tSfvSai Hi Tradiiiar Stamp
Purchased In _^._«_ «. — - i, __ ' 10c Purchase.
Our Store. j^e| A. Gj^ H^T JKT"W» Phona South 894.
HOSTS OF SPIiEXrSXS BAKOAINTS ABE OFFERED HEBE FOB THIS WEEK
Make a mental note of the attractive bargains that are to be found In this ad., and
then come Into the big store this week. The splendid enthusiasm that welcomes these
special sales attests their popularity and efficiency from every view point— It shows that
one irood turn deserves another. The interest has been propelled by a prudent and
pushing policy which has amply fulfilled all promises by never promising more than
performance would warrant. That plan, so faithfully followed, will be always con-
scientiously pursued. This list of attractions is a record one, strong enough to stimulate,
healthy activity In all parts of the store. . Those who pass by the benefits at hand delib-
erately commit an inexcusable injury to themselves, and an analysis of goods and price*
here and elsewhere will exclusively settle a question of serious concern to you. The
suggestion should be adopted. If it Is, the result will be to your advantage-7-and our».
The store doors are open to those who seek to »<ve. '
1000 eks. Pure Cane Granulated Sugar, reg. 16 lbs $1, our price on orders 20 lbs fl
600 boxes Finest Salinas Burbank Potatoes, reg. $1.40, now box....... 75c
3 »olid cars Best California Flour, Corner Grocery's price $1.60, ours, sk $1.15
1600 sqe. California Finest Creamery Butter, Neighborhood Store's price 60c, our price
.45c — 2 sqs 85c
20 cases Good Sweet California Creamery Butter, your corner store's price 60c,
our price " 40c
85 cases California Finest Ranch, Large, . White Eggs, reg. 60c. our price .35o
60 cases Good, FreBh Store Eggs, our price.. ', .30e
1 car Pennsylvania Buckwheat Flour, long as it lasts. « lbs 25c— 26 lbs *1.OO
18 drums Finest Kona Coffee, this week 4 lbs 50c — 0 lbs itt.OO
36 drums No. 1 Mocha and Java Coffee, Coffee Store Price 35c, ours ....6 lbs Sl.OO
6 full cases M. J. Brandstein's M. and J. Coffee, their largest cans now Can 9I.OO
1 ton pure Maple Syrup, as long as it lasts. 3 lbs 35c
18 cases large jars Pure Fruit and Jams and Jellies, ' reg. Jar 35c, now. 2 for-45c
6 cases Imo. Breeze Cheese, reg. 40c, our price Jar *. 2Oc — 2 for IJ!»c
11 cases Finest Sliced Apricots packed (better buy early). S cans 25c
81 cases Breakfast Cocoa, reg. price 25c and 30c, ours Can 20c
9 cases Ground Chocolate, ' lb-cans 25c. ". 2 cans 45c — 3 cans OOc
8 cases Golden Gate Finest Lunch Tqngue, reg.- 85c, now ........;..... Can 25c
tf" -• ¦¦¦-—¦¦»¦»¦ -v 8 large bars Eastern Best Soap .:..... .•.".¦.... j-i^m-TAfm-r run. -
,%kj-*f ij~i «~W-M~w*%.-w~vi~w-»j*^ .....».«».••«••••••••,.. 00<? 1 O IbS ff I .OO i miMi^™ 1 11 ¦ 111 1
10 lbs Extra Good Rice, 5Oc — 22. lbs Jfl.OO +-'~*~**>r*r*m~~**-'
Cross & Blackwell's 'Mixed Pickles. ...20c 2 lbs Finest- Almonds . ................ 1.25c
o i? 1 ' b^ ttle8 «? h0W , Ch0W • 4J *c 6 lbs Small White or Red Beans 25c
ti™*Lf^ m nCe M f at 2Bo fl lbs Bayo, 7 lbs Pink Beans.... 25c
«J bot. \anlla or Lemon Exts 65c 8 lbs White or Black Figs I .25c
U>-cent bot. \anllla or Lemon Exts 35c 4 lbs Nice Dried Apples ....25c
2 25-cent bot. Prepared Mustard 2Oc 6 lbs Larre French Prunes 25c
E 1 "? O1 ' ve O11 •_-V«l >t " 35c — <lt»- 65c 15 lbs Nice Large German Prunes.. 25c,
Half gal....... ....fl_J5— full gal. f2.OO 8 6c-sks SaltTT!?... .;.......lOc
Finest Falad Oil. qts ......25c— gal. T8e 4 cans Ass' t Spices ...3Oc
t FiSTJK^ST? ° y ? ei ?-; 45c Pure Spices all kinds, lb............... .25c
3 1-lb pkgs Raisins. Seeded. 25c Very Good .Teas 8 lbs 82.0O
7 pk W Cleaned Currants ...50c Nice Cranberries per qt./.'. .T.lOo
20 cases Ass t Soups, per can 5o Most all Baking Powder, lb.... ..35c
Reg. 30c can Asparagus, now 2Oc 10-lb sk.Flour .. ... 25c
4 can. Deep Red Salmon 35c Yellow or White Cornmeal, sk 25o
18 cases B. B. Beans, can .5c 3 Carnation or R. R. Creams ............25c
l^ 2 '*," 1 Pf!" F T ln « st T * ble Drip Syrup-better order quick..... ......... ....Each 85o
200 palls 20 lbs Jellies, Preserves, Jams— long as they last .... ...;. .: ...S1.00
38 chests Finest Imp, New Teas, Tea Store's price, lb 80c. UneolOTed Japan, Spiderleg
Japan. Gunpowder. Oolong, Young Hyson. Ceylon and English TBreakfast ............ .. •
V, •;••••• •*'•• ; • ...lb 45e— 6 Iba for,f2.OO.
11 sks Fresh ' Roasted Santos Coffee in lbs »* ™» " ».-¦-¦»»««-'»-- ••>*•%.
3 cans New Kantern Com. reg. 15c '.".".... 8 for rioc ' , E_5S5«^#**85w
3 large cans Best Tomatoes 25c S __GEi___3W_K
19 corps Strlngl^ss Beans V.V-l'oir_ i
0 cans Imp. Sardines ; ,][ | ' K6c-rer doz iT^c '• W&^\EMm\
1 Bolld car New 3-lb cans Peaches, re?. 15c 3 cana 1 Hri5nr\H&KS_|>
13 cases larce cans Rabbit Jelly— Australian— reg. 30c' 2 Vans for 35c ________-_¦¦¦£
86 cases. Fine Eastern Peas, long as. they last ..... .„. .. .3 cans^ 25c W*_wC5%~~!»~_/
A GREAT OPPOETTJHITT TOB THOSE WHO BUY LIQUOES THIS WEEK.-
S-year old Maryland Rye, gal ........ f 1.O5 $1.10 Aorieot Rritndv OOe
Old Kentucky Whisky, gal ......... .jll.«5 cimornSVBeen^oi * r ll! X .v^: .'^10
?m n A ffiri T f BRl •'•••: • ; ?-«U 0-year-old Old Crow Whisky.- bot...... T.60C
Imp. Vermouth, gal .H1.5O $1.25 full ot p. m »i OOp
Imp. Jamaica Rum. gal ...112.75 $100 bot^ Rock and^ye''""'"' V "*"50c
$5 Irish Whisky, gal ...t I..5O I1.25 O p Whisky bot ' '""'" * " «Oe ;
! 3 v, tO $ M B S Ur^° r Rye Whl " ky --!g'J_V f* W Bourbon or Rye ™sVy::::::j2.5O
Z7£ w XM^mfw" ••••••\-*~° o * 5 to »8 Bourbon or Rye Whisky $3.OO ;
om T^oVnV-f^^ •••"¦•¦¦••••¦¦¦ •••¦•?SS 5J 25 Irlah or -Scotch Whisky, bot. ;..T.eoc
oVd^steriilf
Old Forester Gin, gal- S 1.05 25c bot. Claret- • -¦- - ; ....; 15c
$5 Scotch Whisky ...'..... '. .82.50 9-year-old - McBra V«r*Whi«lcv* "bot" * ' " " flOo '
Blackberrj' Brandy,, gal :. . . . . . «2.00 35c bot Port 0^8^!^^ Dot.......«oc
Holland Imp. Gin. gal ......... ..... :*2.5O ; Absinthe p« l5)'t^ """ ""io^
1?M iS-iS; 1 wJSr , B ? Urb0 - n> **" r* 1^ 5 f 1 ™ hot. Silver CreVcen't WhiVkV " '.'. vlt !bOc \
oid 5< Pe^ 1 B^y n !'.^ I .::::;:::::::::^S: I i%^^^-"-r---~-''^%z
$1.50 port or sheW, tw. weekr......* 65^^ftw-ft^SyB^/tti;;^-*:::::."^
__^ Free delivery . to all parts of city; and 'suburbs,^ including "all places within 100 miles
aTg^Vou l£^n^«^\uy&^
1049 ¦ MARKET; ST.; betr. 6th and .Tth.fopp.^ JogeSI o^McAmsteV* rt^^or $ Hlbernla ' Bank.
GOLDBERG
BDWEN
* GO
Mince meat 5 lb pail 75c
Atmore's — Just arrived—
best ingredients
Gandy 25c
Raspberry and molasses peanut
waffles — assorted hard peppermint
wafers — buttercups and wafers '
and fruit tablets— rejc'ly 35c lb
Listerine — Largsbottia 65c
Face powder 40c
Roger & Gallet— ''¦=-:
Violette de parme— reg'ly 50c box
Marvelous cold cream jar 50c
Hudnut — for soothing and
beautifying the skin •:"•
Family scale • $x
Weighs correctly by ounces up to
24 lbs — you can save money by
keeping one handy — reg'ly $i 50
Food chopper $ i 25
For mince meat — vegetables^ —
hamburg steak— userul for many
things— reg'ly $i 75
Liquor Department
Whisky— Old Crow Bimrion $1
Hermitage rye 4
rcg'iy $1.25 bottle $5 gallon '
Burgundy—ii//. Vineyard 650
Rich flavor— heavy body—
reg'ly $1 gallon
Beer — Everard pts $1 35
Canada malt lager qts 2 idr-
reg'ly $1 55»$2 35<!oz
Gin— D. CL.— Board's 90C
Old Tom— dry— reg'ly $1 bottla
Club Soda—- Vartray 75c
Sparkling table water—
reg'ly $ 1 25 doz
Champagne cider pts $2 90
PauIding-vvK juice of qts 4 90
Newtown pippin apples—
"«'ly $3 50— $5 50 doz
—BIG CATALOGUE-
THANKSGIVING EDITION FREE
432 PINE 232 SUTTER
2819 California . San Francisco
13th and Cla" Streets Oakland
f EXPERT OPTICIANS. |#2\
MAKE OCULIST'S j\\
f Prescription *<*%
EYE CLASSES k4h
At Moderate Cost. vP
AD VJ-BTTRE -< rl H TflL
SPECIAL
r3jL_LXj_t-it
Commencing Monflag, November 9th,
we will place on Special Sale about
400 pairs Fine California Wool
Blankets for single, three-quarter,
double and extra large beds,
These Blankets were pure-based Id us
from the Golden Gate Woolen Mills at a areat
reduction in price and are the finest goods
made bu them, Theu corns in assorted Bor-
ders, are hound with wide Silk Rihbon and
will he sold from
$3.75 to $10.00 Pair-
Housekeepers will save from $1,50 to $5.00
per pair in purchasing these Blankets now.
i^j /—x T* ¥T Orders by mall receive prompt attention
1^IV__# 1 J3__-/ All orders for samples or goods filled
— and shipped same day they are received.
—^ _ _ »_ ¦^^p
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
Good quality and Brown quality |
are synonymous. Good quality |
is the mainstay and keystone 1
of this establishment; it governs |
every department and every 1
Suit, Overcoat and Garment for I
Man, Boy and Child in this big I
store. When you choose Brown |
quality you get the best possible 1
value for your money; the more 1
money, the better quality; but §
any price you pay wili net |
a bigger saving than you ever |
expected for such quality. I
Wholesale Clothiers Retailing Direct to You- . N
516-518 Market Street below Montgomery 1
NEW ADVEETISEMENTS.
XTRS. Iff A BY GBEGOVICH
Of P-dlipsburg, Montana, Tells How
She Was Cured of Dandruff.
Mrs. llary Gregrovich of Philipsburg.
Montana, under date of Nov. 26, 1899,
writes: "I had typhoid fever this sum-
mer. conseQuently was losing my hair
terribly, and my head in places wa« per-
fectly bald. Newbro's Herpicide had Just
come into use in Phllipsburg. and the
doctor strongly recommended It to me.
After 3 or 4 applications my hair
stopped falling out. and is coming In
again quite thick. I used to be troubled
greatly with dandruff, of which I am
now quite cured." Kill the dandruff germ
•with Herpici<5«- Sold by leading drug-
jrists. S^nd 10c in stamps for sample to
The Herpicide Co., Detroit. Mich-
CASTOR I A
Tor Infants and Children.
Tbe Kind You H_»e Always Bought
Signature of (^oa^/jf/^^U^
Baby's bright eyes, rosy
cheeks, firm flesh and sound
limbs are the results of using
Mellin's Food.
You wfll be rlad that jron acat for a etc.ple
of Kellia't Food whxa you see bow earerly
baby takes it.
_f£U-OT*8 FOOD CO.. BOSTON. MASS."
Rheumatism
Brls-f • -Ims*. brick dust Ceposlt, bed-
wetUaj:. ' rr-TeJ, Cxvvr, diabetes.
Cured with j6tt«g||k
One Bottle / *B1§1
IMcBurney's /^ v^Sf
Kidney and fe} <W
Bladder Cure fj F
i Relief In 20 min- Jj^ _^V
utea. Express pre- ~^^ ,.'/*"
paid $1 SO. Send 25c to W. F. McBur-
v.ry for five days' treatment.
226 6. Eprinc St.. I>* Angeles. Sold
by druffS-rts.
n vmvAvs ready relief has stood
unrivaled before the public for 50 yean as a
Pala Remedy. It Instantly relieve* and quickly
ctires all Colds, Sore Throat*. ¦ Influenza, Bron-
chitis. Pi.oumonia. Rheumatism, Neuralfrla,'
Headache, Toothache and all pala. Internally
jor _ta_ula> and ail Bowel Pains. All drusjltU.