CHAPTER II.
A' "So . you have'; stayed at ' home' a-?° urt "
ing: while, others" fought* to -give? yoii r lels^'
ure," said' I, : thinkings to' rally/ him.Ti But
he '. took i'it'J harder '/.than'/ 1 - meant. I) \; V"
¦ 'I'-'Tisj just -that,-' Jack; 7ahd'il"5amjfaif
ashamed. ' ". V/hlSe the ' fighting ; kept to the
"You are right. Jack; 'twas both more
and less," he confessed, shamefacedly.'
"¦Twas this same Margery Stair. : As I
have said, her" father blows hot or? cold
as the wind, sets; bufnot sne. She Is the
fiercest little Tory In the two Carollnas,
bar none. When I had got .Jennifer | in
order and began to talk, of 'listing, again
she flew into a pretty ' rage and stamped
her foot and all but swore that Dick Jen
nifer in buff and blue should never look
upon her face again with her good will. 1 '
I had a .glimpse of Jennifer the; lover
as he spoke,, and the Bight went /some
what on the way toward casting out the
devil of sullen ,rage that* had possessed
me since first I had set" returning foot in
this my: native homeland. ;,'Twas'> a life
lacking naught of hardness, but much of
human mellowing, that Jay! behind the
home-coming; and- my one ; swee"£ ' friend
in all that barren llfe ; was dead. „ What
wonder, j then, if I set r this ,' frank faced
Richard In . the other Richard's fstead,
wishing him all \ the - happiness , that j poor.
Dick Coverdale had; missed? ,- 1 .needed
little; would need ' still less; I thought,
before the war should end,' and , through
this love match [ my lost estate..* would
come at length to ; Richard'. Jennifer.' It
was ameliorating thought, ;, and ,whlle" It
held I could be. less revengeful. .
VDost "love her, -Dick?" Iiasked.
"Aye, - and have ; ever since , she \ was "' in
pinafores, and I a hobbledehoy in Master
Wytheby's. school." . ,.< . k .
i '-'So long ?; I , thought • Mr!'. Stair, was > a
later"; comer- In V ' •.
. "He came eight ' years ¦ ago", i as •- one : ; of
Tryon's j." underlings. . v Madge ; ..was \l even
then*; motherless; the ; same little .;willful
prat-a-pace she . has t ever^ been^ I ( would
you knew her. Jack. . make I this
shiftiness j of . mine • seem less . the : thing It
is.'v.';* ¦¦ ¦:¦;".-¦ .-¦; :; . i ; ¦••¦ ~-^ •:•;,-. ¦^-¦:.:,r :
at. that, my, father died and :. the Jennifer'
acres were like to go to the dogs.lack-
Ing oversight So I came home and—
:and"— K ¦';':¦. -•-
He stopped In some embarrassment, and
¦I thought to help him on.. .'>':; - -
:."Nay, out with it.'.Dick, If, I am not
thy father, I am near old enough to Btand
In his stead. 'Twas more than husbandry
that rusted the sword in its scabbard, I'll
be bound." " '.'•¦„¦ >»,.
He looked vastly disappointed. 4/ But
you will. Jack? Surely, you have not to
think twice In such a cause?"
"As between King and Congress, .you
mean? *Tls no quarrel of mine."
"Now God save us, John Ireton!" he
burst out in a fine fervor of youthful en
thusiasm that made him all the hand
somer. "I had never thought to hear
your father's son say the like!"
Jennifer shrugged in his turn.
I shrugged.
"And why not, pray? The King's min
ion, Tryon, hanged my father and gave
his estate to his minion's minion, Gil
bert Stair. So, in spite of your declara
tions and your confiscations and your
laws against alien landholders, I come
back to find myself still the son of the
outlawed Roger Ireton, and this same
Gilbert Stair firmly lodged In my father's
¦Beat."
"Gilbert Stair— for sweet Madge's sake
I'm loath to say it— Gilbert Stair blows
hot or cold as the wind sets
fair or stormy. And I will say this for
him: no other Tryon legatee of them all
has steered so fine a course through these
last five upsetting years. How he trims
so skillfully no man knows. A short
month eince he had General Rutherford
and Colonel Sumter as guests at Appleby
Hundred; now It is Sir Francis Falcon
net and the British Usrnt horse officers
who are honored. But let him -rest; the
cause of independence Is bigger than any
man, or any man's private quarrel, friend
John, and I had hoped-: — "
I laid a hand on his knee. "Spare your
self, Dick. My business in Queensborough
was to learn how best 1 might reach Mr.
Rutherford's rendezvous." .
For a moment he sat, pipe In air, star-
Ing at me as if to make. sure -that he
had heard aright. Then: he , dipt my
hand and wrung it, babbling out some
boyish brava that I made haste '¦¦ to '. put
an end to. '. '..Z~7. . .. ¦ - -
"Softly, my lad.'M said; "'tis no great
thing the Congress . will : gain by my ad
hesion. -But you, Richard;; how r comes
it * that I find you taking : your ease ' at
Jennifer House and hobnobbing with his
Majesty's- officers when : the cause 7 you
love is still in such desperateietralts?".*
; He blushed like' a glrr at that 'and 'for
a little ; space only ¦¦ puff ed J the ¦ harder : at
his pipe.*
"I did go out withtHe^Mlnute.'MenJn
'76; If you inustkribw;^^an*S _smelled| pow
der at Moores Cr'eek.^ ] When "niy" time was
done I . would '.ia ve "-"listed asaia," but : Just
; * "Oh.* "o s \ to z that : £the * lady^, was i< real
enough." and Falconnietdid grossly asperse
••¦:-¦ • -jfiBftwuanii wiMii iiiiiiiui 1
;: Now, even so blunt" a soldier 'as I 1 have
ever - been r may have '. some ; prickings ¦ of
delicacy where? the!, truth might "breed
gossip— gossip ' about » af tale ¦ which*, I l had
said should dier.with? Richard ? Coverdale
, and : be buried '. in i his grave.-; So * I ¦ evaded
the question,** clumsily * enough, 1 ?" as ¦'-_ has
ever ibeen«my ; hap. in fencing with words.
: v"The i cause f ; was !' not i wanting.-? ' If ¦ any
ask,;you:may r say.; he trod upon* my foot
In ipasslng." T; ¦.-/:.: ¦¦'¦ :'¦¦)'- ;.\<*:"L\ ¦' . ¦ -¦
:. JeniUferi) laughed; .'•"-' •¦•i ; ' ••.;¦' -
.; •."And • f orithat^ you 5" struck - hlm't jffeav
ens," jman !-» you bold; your.: Hf e : « carelessly.
Do ; you • happen : to ; know r that ; this
teer ? captain "of \ light I horse ' is :' accounted
the, best J,blade,-infthe" troop?" :';,;• " . ;
- .^Who should: kno'wA that '. batter! than"—'
I !;wai ¦ falrly.^on* the! brink j of ; - betraying
the • true) cause 'of % the iquarrel.'/but * drew,
reln^In iUme. v,VI : care : not; if I he : were * the
best •• ln*-;the|army. ','{ I •crossed i steel
beforehand !wlth'a;'good swordsman \ now
and'then.??;i:" ? >;"v't'-^-">r : ' '-'>.'* : . )" Iv-?
; : "Anan ?','.»- said _> Jennifer, ,, as t one Awho
makes ) no ? doubt. I \ And *, then : ' .."But > this
toe^ pinching -story^ lsl butja .jflry^ crust i to ;
offeh a" f rlen do>Youfipbke"of a' lafly.-^Wbo
was ; she?.'Or» wasUhati.only* anotheriway;
of i telling nie '¦ to nilhd rmyrown 1 , affairs 71'ij- i
'<¦ "True, ,'tls 5 a debt, 1 as ¦' you % say ; 5 but I
like little enough, the: manner of its pay-
Ing. .How came you to 5quarrey with him',
Jack Tl^SSSS^S^mS&^Slt^SSiO^R
•»-'!.When;-LauswouUer slipped and I might
have-, spitted " him,^ anil didn't, j Falconnet
was for having us- make, the duel. a l'ou
trance. But. that's beside .the mark. ; Hav
ing, served. me then,' he-makes the^point
that -I -shall /serve "»him now.".
. "!Tls a. common. courtesy; and you could
not well refuse. i I lov&; you none the ; less
for 'paying your , debt?. :. even ',to such* a
villain as this volunteer captain.'" . .,¦¦, -r,
'"Twas none of my free offering, you
may be sure," he added. ,','But it so hap
pened that Captain Falconnet once did fme
a like turn. { I had ? chanced - to run ; afoul
of that captain of Hessian pigs, Lauswol
ter. at cards, and ; Falconnet stood my
friend—though now I bethink me,' he did
scemover anxious that one or the other
of us should be killed."
"As how?"- I inquired. ¦•
¦He sat silent 'after that; r and," as ) there
seemed'; nothing;"- that ; a "curst ; old ' com
palgner could say.' aty such,' a. pass, I 'bore
him 1 company. k-S-.'. .¦/:'? . - :. * .,.-. ' .-; ¦
By: and by he harked -back to .the mat
ter = of his erra'nd, making somo . apology
for. his coming to me as the Baronet's
second.! . - . , \ , ; .
North It did not grind so keen; but now,
with the redcoats at. our doors and I the
Tories sacking and burning in every set
tlement, 'tis enough; to flay an honest
roan' alive. 3 God-a-rhercy, Jack! I'll/go;
I've, gotwtftxgo, or- die* of ' shame!" ¦> "¦'¦;.
his oaths were but- the outgushlngs of *
warm and impulsive heart, rarely bitter,
and never, as I believe, backed by suriy
rancor or • conscious irreverence. .
"That you shallnot. Jack." he «M« t ~i
stoutly.- "I must be a-gallop now to ten
this King's captain to look e taew j»*™*£
his next friend; but to-morrow morn^g
I'll meet you In the road bct .^ C^r^h
;and the Stair o'utlands, and well fare on
t0 After r thls he would brook no mora da
lay; and when Tomas had fetched^hls
horse I saw him mount . and ride away
under the low-hanging maples-watched
him fairly out of sight *n.^« •J^gJgJ
gold twilight of the great fores t bel^ore
v turning back to my lonely hearth and Its
SO i m s b tIrred I the dying embers,. throwing on
a pine knot for better Ugtot^Jen I took
down ray father's sword from its deer
horn brackets over the chlmneyplece. and
set myself to fine its edge and point with
•a Wtof Scotch whlnstone. It was a good
blade-a true^old Andrea Ferrara got. to
battlTi^thelseyenteenth century by one
of 'the Nottingham Iretons. .
i I whetted It well and carefully. It was
not that I feared my enemy's strength of
wrist or tricks of fence ; but flghUng had
been my trade. -and he is but a poor
craftsman who looks not well to tee that
his tools are in order against their tlmo
of using. ;.{ . ; ". .
';"MayhapV,but It.is mine;;too." he broke
In. angrily. all 'events.' I'll ; see .this
King's "volunteer, well hanged before I sec
ond him in such" a cause." , . . ' '
'^."That'as 'you* choose/* -But you are
bound" In -honor;? are;' you not?"; ' .'"-'. :>;
"No. V I He filled ;a : fresh : pipe/! lighted • It
wltha'coai: from the 'hearth/; and: puffed
away 2 in ; silence if or '; at; time.'. ..When -; he
spoke \againY It ".was" not'as r ; Falconnet's
next- friend." '.:'-•/ .'.,..''.'' - •' ' ;.'¦ ,•¦¦•"' y- -V ,
* you * have ; told ; me ¦ puts; a L new
"face.'ohr the: matter, : Jack, v Sir^,' Francis
may find? him i another, second" where i he
can. T^It I tie ; has : aught \ to say,', I ' shall ! ,tell
him plain » he > lied I to " me ?about • the! quar
' rel.'Tas }he}did.>" Now,iwho 3 is I there ;to 'sea
f air*^ playj on -your i" side?* John '* Ireton ?".:, ;
( , At ' the ! question fan i oveVwrielmlng J sense
of I my ownTsorry j casVgrappled'me. J Flf
' teen I years \. before 'c I # lef t , ? Appleby
Hundred and : my] native; province (as .well
.befriended ias ; the'jjvoxM of L Roger » Ireton
was laurel to >, be. *7And i'0 0W — — J.7) •'-' >
'--; ''Dick, ; my :-. lad, ;; I . . arp 1 * Ilka j to \\ fight
; al6he,";sal_d;L^T.^-^-^;,:Y4i ; ;-JV-^'.--<<;-i; >\ -.
*% He; swbj-e] again] at 4 that; ; and lest
If should j draw| rriyj loyal j Richard 'i as : he
was ! not/v let • me > say."? onco * for } all, 1 : that
\) "AfhV I ?/:' I pledgeV you '.my, word ' I . did
nqtjknowiit.'.';:'Butiin''any"case I should
fight ; Sir. Francis i Falconnet; aye," and do
my' best ; to 'kill -. him," too/ Sit* you
and till another pipe./ 1 Whatever the'quar
rel,*it' Is.xhine." 'r'-M-*'- '"'¦:¦ \ ::. ;'
"By.God!it:is not yours!" he stormed,
raging , .back : and forth ; before the . tire.
"What E ls* Margery Stair to -you, Jack
Ireton?"; ,./'; V:': ,;" ; . " ; • "'
T I . smiled, beginning now - to : see some
peephole; in this millstone of mystery. |
- "Margery *'Stalf ? " She ; is no more- than
a name to me,- 1 'do assure you; the daugh
ter of the man^who sits- in^my father's
seat'/at* Appleby; Hundred."'- '
."'But 'you are going ?to fight for her!"
he retorted. v^" ¦ ! ? r ¦ ;
I shook my' head. : ''Nay; Richard; ; I
may not, repeat it to -you, /since you are
the man's- second. Truly/there! is J more
than. this 'at the back of our quarrel; but
ofi itself; it^was'. enough, and more than
enough, inasmuch . as ]¦ lady had just
done him the honor to recognize hini." -
'"His words— his very words,- Jack, if
you love me!" . / ¦
• VNo;!the quarrel is mine."
- ."Curee. him !" he cried, j . "And : he dared
laV a foultongue to -her, you \ say? ; Tell
me what i he said! I have a good right
to -know!"; i- * . ¦. r '¦'. ¦¦.."-' ¦" .. - ..' •
•'To ; my amazement, Jennifer 'leaped up
with an oath and flung his pipe into the
fire:,,-:, ¦Y'',,C-'f '.V .,~\-.- ¦¦'¦" " • •
her.': >; But.: I; know : not, who; she is; nor
aught about! her," save, that she is sweet
and fair, and good* to ', look !upon."' •
*;"Young?" '-%
..'.'Aye.''.-"' -v : -V- ¦¦; ¦/¦'¦.'•-'-¦.'¦.',
, "And ; you say : you do not know her?
Let's me see her, through your.; eyes and
mayhap . I ;.can ¦ name her for you.": J :Xj • .
¦ "That I .cannot. Mr. Pcale's best :skill
would'- be- none V too great for the 'paint
ing of any .picture that should do - her
justice.. But she is small, with" the .'airs
and graces | of a lady of the quality; ; also
she has witching blue eyes and hair that
has ' the~ glint . of summer; sunshine I in It.
Also, she sits; a horse as if "Tared: to the
saddle."
"A spy, eb? 'Tls cut cut of .whole cloth,
Dick, my lad. I've never took the oath
on cither eMe."
"Have you bea*d the newest? But I
know you haven't, since the poet riders
canre only this morning. The war has
shifted from the north in good earnest at
last and we are like to have a taste of
the harrying* the Jerseymen have had
el nee '76. My Lord Cornwallis is come as
far as Camfien. they say; and Colonel
Tarieton has crossed the_ Catawba."
"Sof Then Mr. Rutherford is like to
have bis work cut out for him, I take it."
Jennifed eyed me curiously. "Grif
Rutherford is a stout Indian fighter; no
West Carolinian will gainsay that. But
he is never the man to match Cornwall!*.
Well have help from the north."
"De Kalb?" I suggested.
Again the curious eyeshot. "Nay, John
Ireton, you need not fear me, though I
em juet now this redcoat captain's next
friend. You know more about the Baron
de Kalb's doings than anybody else In
Mecklenburg."
••I? What should I know?"
••You know a <3eaJ-cr else the* gossips
Xie^nost recklessly."
£?£iiey do lie if they connect me with
the Baron de Kalb, or with any other of
the patriot side. What are they eaying?"
"That you came straight from the Bar
on's camp In Virginia— to bee what you
can sec." - •
"If you can." he qualified. "But enough
of these 'by your leave, sirs.' I am near
famished, and as dry as King David's
bottle in the emoke. Will you give me
bite and sud before I mount and ride
egain? "Tis a long gallop back to town
on an empty stomach, and with a gullet
as dry as Mr. Gilbert Stair's wit."
It was over the pipes that Jennifer un
burdened himself of the gossip of the day
in Quecnsborough.
"Tour answer, Captain Ireton!" quoth
ray youngster, curtly. "I am not em
powered to give or take In the matter of
accommodations."
"Not so fast, if you please," I rejoined.
"I have no wish to disappoint your prin
cipal, or his master, the devil. Let It be to
morrow morning at sunrise in the oak
grove which was once my father's wood
field, each man with his own blade. And
I give you fair warning. Master Jennifer;
I shall kill yon bullyragging captain of
.Went horse as I would a vermin of any
'fclier breed."
' At this Jennifer flung himself from his
eaddle with a great laugh.
"I might say that I have no unsettled
quarrel with Captain Falconnet," I de
murred, when I had read the challenge.
"He spoke slightingly of a lady, and I did
but "
Having no second to refer him to, I
broke the seal of the cartel myself. Since
ny enemy had seen fit to come thus far
on the way to his end in some gentleman
ly manner, it was not for me to find diffi
culties among the formalities. In good
truth, Z was overjoyed to be thus assured
that he would fight me fair; that he
would not compel me to kill him as one
kills a wild beast at bay. For certainly
I should have killed him in any event;
6O much I had promised poor Dick
Coverflale on that dismal November
rncrnirg when he had choked out his life
In my arms, the victim first of this man's
treachery, and, at last, of his sword. So.
as I say, I was nothing loath, and yet
Z would not seem too eager.
It was but an euphuism of the time, this
formal preamble, declaring that his er
rand had to do with the preliminaries of
a private quarrel between gentlemen.
Yet I cou'.d pcare restrain a "-nile. For
these upcropplngs of courtier etiquette
have ever se*med to march but minclngly
•with the free stride of our western back
woods. None the less, you are to suppose
that I made ehift to match his bow In
some fashion and to say: "At your ser
vice, sir."
Whereupon he bowed again, clapped hat
to head and tendered me a sealed packet.
"From Sir Francis Falconnet, Knight
Bachelor of Beauinaris, volunteer captain
In his Majesty's German Legion." he an
nounced, with stern dignity.
John Ireton, some time of his Majesty's
Royal Scots Blues and late of her Apos
toUc Majesty's Twenty-ninth Regiment of
Hussars?"
"Twas a dayfall to b* marked with a
white stone, even in our Carolina calen
dar. The sun, reaching down to tha
taountaln-glrt horizon In the west, filled
all the upper air with the glory of Its
departing, and the higher leaf plumes
of the great maples before my cabin door
wrought lustrous patterns in glided green
upon a zenith background of turquoise
shot with crimson, like the flgurlngs of
sonae rich old tapestries I had once seen
in my fleid marshal's castle In the Mark
cf Moravia.
Beyond the maples a brook tinkled and
plashed over tho 6tones on Its way to
the nearby Catawba; and Its peaceful
brawling, and the evensong of a pair of
clear-throated -wai biers poised on the
tcpraost twigs of one of the trees, should
have been sweet music In the 'ears of a
returned exile. But on that matchless
bride's month evening cf dainty sunset
arabesques and brook and bird songs, I
was in little humor for rejoicing.
The road made for the river lower down
and followed its windings up the valley;
but Jennifer came by the Indian trace
through the forest. I can tee him now
as he rode beneath the maples, bending
to the saddlehorn where the branches
hung lowest; a pretty figure of a hand
some young provincial, clad in fashions
three years behind those I had seen In
London tho winter last past. He rode
gentlemanwise, in Email-clothes of rough
5ray woolen and with stout leggings over
his hose; but he wore his cocked hat atilt
like a trooper's, ar.d the sword on his
thlph was a gt>od service blade, and no
mere hilt and scabbard for show, such as
our courtier macaronis were just then be
ginning to affect.
Nov.- I had known this handsome young
rt»-r tvhen he was but a lad; had taught
irirn how to bend the Indian bow and
loose tho reed-shaft arrow in those hap
pier days before the tyrant Governor Try
r^n tvrned hangman and the battle of the
<-rcat Alamnnee had left me fatherless.
Moreover. I had drunk a c\ip cf wine with
Mm at Mecklenburg Arms no longer ago
than yesterweek — this to a renewal of our
i.Tly friendship. Hence, I must needs be
romt what taken aback when he drew rein
M my doorstone, doffed his hat with a
Fv.-rc;>!ng bow worthy a courtier of the
pr<>-.t Lou If, and said, after the best man
ner of Sir Charles Grandlson:
SI have the honor of addressing Captain
Tha fsmmer day was almost spent
when Richard Jennifer, riding express,
brought me Captain Falconnet' a chal
lenge.
IN WHICH I WHET MT FATHER'S
6WORD.
Copyrlrht. 1902. Tha Bo wen- Merrill
Company.
CHAPTER X,
For a week and a day I lingered on aC
Queensborougb, for what I knew not.
save, that all the world seemed suddenly
to have grown stale and profitless, and
my life a thins of small . account. One
day I would be minded to go back to my
old field marshal and the keeping. of tha
Turkish-border; the next I would ride
over some part of my. stolen heritage and
swear a great oath to bide till I should
come . to , my own ¦ again. *¦ And on thesa
alternating days the storm of black raga
filled my horizons and I became a derelict
to' drive on any. rock or shoal in this un
charted sea of wrath.
-On one of these gallops farthest afield
I chanced upon the bridlepath that led
to . our old ¦ hunting; lodge ' In tha forest
depths. Tracing the path to its end
among the maples I found the cabtn, so
lightly touched by time; that-: the, mere
sight of - it carried • me ; swiftly • back to
those happy, days when my father and I
had stalked the white- tailed de«r in tha
hill, 'glades beyond, . ; with ,tbis log-built
cabin for a rest camp. I spurred up un
der tha .low-hanging trees. The door
stood wide . and , a . thin wreath of ..'. blue
smoke curled upward from the mouth at
the wattled chimney. <!^SH$Hflp8BM9l
"Then 'and "there I had my first welcome
home.;' Old black Larlus— old when I had
last seen him at Appleby Hundred, and a
very grandsire of ancients now— was ona
of the; runaways" who made the for
est lodge a refuge. .He had been my
father's body ; servant and,' notwlthstand-
It was well for him that I knew not at
the time that he was, Gilbert Stair's fao*
tor. For I was mad enough to have throt
tled him where he sat at his writing
table, . matching his long . fingers and
smirking at me with his evil smile. Bnt
of this man more In his time and place.
His name was Owen Pengarvln. I would
have you remember it.
I shall not . soon forget the interview
with ' tho lawyer, hi which I was told
the .inhospitable truth. Nor shall I forget
his truculent . leer when he hinted that I
had best be gone out of these parts, stnea
it was not yet too late to bring tha sen
tence of outlawry from tha father to tha
son. SBKSflttBI
-To yon of a younger generation, born
In the day of swift mall coaches and well
kept postroads, the slowness with which
our laggard news traveled In that elder
time must needs seem past belief. It was
early In the year '73 before I began tj>
hear more than vague camp fire tales of
the struggle going on between the col
onies and the mother country; and from
that to setting foot once more upon tha
soil of my native Carolina was still an
other year.
What I found upon landing at New
Berne and saw while riding a jog-trot
thence to the Catawba was a province
rent and torn by partisan warfare.
Though I came not once upon the parti
sans themselves In all that long faring,
there were trampled fields and pillaged
houses enough to serve as milestones;
and in my. native Mecklenburg a 'mine
full charged, with slow-match well
alight for Its firing.
Charleston had fallen, and Colonel
Tarleton's outposts wera already wide
spread on tha . upper waters of tha
Broad and the Catawba. Thus It was
that the first sight which greeted
my eyes when I rode Into Queens
borough was tha familiar trappings
of my old service, and I was made to
know that in spite of Mr. Jefferson's bold
ly written Declaration of Independence,
and that earlier casting of tha King's
yoke by the patriotic Mecklenburgers
themselves, my boyhood home was for
the moment by sword right a part of his
Majesty's province of North Carolina.
You are not to suppose that these things
moved me greatly. As yet I was chiefly
concerned with my own affair and anx
ious to learn at first hands tha cost, to
me of my father's connection with tha
Regulators.
Touching this. I was .not long kept In
Ignorance. Of all the vast demesne o2
Appleby Hundred there was no roof to
shelter the son of the outlawed Roger
Ireton save that of this poor hunting
lodge In the mighty forest of the Catawba.
overlooked, with tha few runaway blacks
Inhabiting: It. In the lntaklng of an estate
so large that I think not even my father
knew all the metes and bounds of It.
As you have guessed, I was Coverdals's
next friend and second in this affair, and
but for the upsetting news of tha
Tyron tyranny In Carolina— news which
reached me on the very day of the meet
ing—I should there and then have called
the slayer to his account.
How my father, who, Presbyterian and
Zreton though he was. had always been
of the King's side, cam* to espouse tha
causa of the "Regulators," as they called
themselves, I know not. In my youthful
memories of him he figures as tha feudal
lord of his own domain more absolute*
than many of the petty klnglings I cama
afterward to know In the German
marches. But this, too, I remember, that
while his rule at Appleby Hundred was
stern and despotic enough, he was ever
ready to lend a willing ear to any tale
of oppression. And If what men say or.
the tyrant Tryon's tax gatherers and
law . Court robbers be more than half
truth, .there was need for any honest
gentleman to oppose them.
What that opposition came to in "71 Is
now ' a tale twice told. Taken in ' arms
against the Governor's authority, and
with an estate well worth receiving, my
father had little justice and less mercy
accorded him. "With many others he was
outlawed, his estates were declared for
feit, and a few days later he, with Ben
jamin Merrill and four more captivated
at the Alamance, was given some farce
of a trial and hanged.
When the news of this came to ma you
may, well suppose that I had no heart to
continue in the service of the King who
could sanction and reward such villainies
as ' these of the butcher William Try on.
So I threw up my lieutenant's commis
sion in the Blues, took ship for tha Con
tinent, and, after wearing .some half
dozen different uniforms In Germany.. was
lucky ". enough . to ' come at length to ser
viceable blows under my old field mar
shal on the Turkish frontier.
' Sine* X would not tell my poor Dick's
•Cory to Richard Jennifer, I may not set
It down in cold words here for you. It
was an age-old tragic comedy of a falsa
friend's treachery and a woman's weak
ness; a duel, and the wrong man slain.
And yon may know this; that Falcon
net's most merciful role In It was the part
he played one chill November morning
when he put Richard Coverdale to tha
wall and ran him through.
that time there were two lives between
him and the baronetcy ; but with a moth
er's bqueathlngs to purchase idleness and
to gild his iniquities, he was a fair ex
ample of thejeunesse doree of that Ens
land; a libertine, a gamester, a rakehell;
brave as a tiger Is brave, and to the full
as pitiless. He was a boon companion
of the officers' mess, and for a time— and
purpose— posed as Coverdale" s friend, and
mine.
It was in; the: autumn, of the year '64,
as I was coming . of age. : that my rather
made ready.to send me to England. Him
self : a 'conscience .exile : from Episcopal
Virginia,' and a descendant of. those Not
tingham " Iretons whose best-known son
fought stoutly against church and king
under Oliver: Cromwell, he was yet will
ing* to humor; my; bent and to use the
interest of my .: mother's family to enter
me in the. king's service. M „- M
¦^Accordingly, I -took ship at Norfolk for
"home," as we called it in those days;
and j after a , stormy* passage and,over
much waitings as . my;, cousin's guest in
Lincolnshire.- had my pair of colors in the
Scots t Blues,! lately /home from garrison
duty in the Canadas.JliflWMBBHHteHBBHB
.<OfJthe;llfe,in;barracks of a young en
sign .with little , wit and less .wisdom,, with
more guineas in his purse than was good
f or jfalm, the less said the better.}- But of
this s you '¦ may* like ; to , know that, what
with'* a' good, father's example and' a* small
heritage ; of Puritan "decency come '. down
to: me; from 'the sound hearted old Round
head t stock, * I '¦¦: ,won C ou t . of ; that . devil's
sponging ¦-' house, ; an :, army, ; In ~ time % ¦¦>. of
peace.v with somewhat' less ; to my-, score
thanTothers.hadrtoJthelrs.!; , .
•7 It was In i this barrack i llfe^ that . I came
to ', know) Richard i Coverdale : and his : evil
genius, 1 ' the \ man Francis : Falconnet. Cov~
erdale was, an ensign in my , own regiment
and, -we were sworn. friends from the first.
His : was a clean soul and a"; brave ; i and . it
was i to t, him - that yl > owed r escape v. from
many ; of 'the } grosser i charglngs on that
score- above \ named. r* .'*¦.'.
¦ As. for , ; Falconnet, -he .was i even ; then a
ruffler and 'a- bully,; though "> he was ; not : of
the : army. He was a younger, son, and at
WHICH' KNITS UP SOME BROKEN
ENDS.
THE
MASTER
APPLEBY
Sunday Call Literary Section
rHiS is the First Install
ment of "the llaster of
Appieby." It is a Colon
ial Stcry and the author
is a perfect Trizard in the way he
keeps thrilling situations tum
bling over exciting episodes.
Decs Madge Stair lovo Jenni
fer, Sir Francis Falconnet or "th«
Master of Appieby?" If you
can solve the problem before the
last chapter you are almost as
much cf a vrizard as the author.
iSBHBff^^-miTTB'*'"ficlent cause. I n"i content to let it stand
BO."
"Nay, but you should not be content. Is
there not strife enough, in this unhappy
land without these causeless bickerings?"
'Here was my lady turned preacher all
in a breath, and I with no words to an
swer her. But I could not let it go thus.
"I knew Sir Francis Falconnet In Eng
land," said I, hoping by this to turn her
safe aside.
"Ah; then there was a cause. Tell it
me." ; •
" ''Nay. that I may not."
Though she was hurting me sorely In
the wound-dressing, and knew It, sho
laughed. \
.' ". 'Tis most ungallant to deny a lady,
Blr. But I shall know without the telling;
'twas about ' a woman. Tell me. Captain
Ireton,. Is she fair?"
Seeing that her mood had changed again
1 tried to give her quip for Jest; but what
with the pain of. the sword thrust and the
sweet agony * of her touches I could only
set : my;; teeth against a groan. She went
on drawing the bandaging*, • little heedful
how she racked me, ; I thought; and yet
when all was -done, she stood: beside, me
all of a '.; tremble, -as ; any tender-hearted
.woman might. /V> .
"There.", she said, "'tis over for a time.
and : I ' make no ± doubt ;: you ' are glad
enough.' Now you have nothing to do aave
to lie quiet .till it heals. "„ .\,
."And how. long will that be, think you?"
"We shall see— a long time, I hope. Ton
Falconnet was removing his coat, and I
"stripped ' mine. ' The . seconds * chose the
ground where the. turf was. short and and
yet : yielding enough to ; give good , footing.
We faced each other, : my antagonist' bar-
Ing* ' an :'• arm, despite £ the '4 pe
jeweled hand, '. was; to the; full- asil)lg-.
muscled * > as " * my f'i\ own. '. My^; glance
.went , from ; his '• weapon, ' : a? rather ) h6avy
German blade, straight and slender point
ed," to his ' face.' He was smiling " as one
who strives > to - make", the ; outer i man a
mask to cover all ; emotion,; and the plas
ters ¦ on -his ' cheek i drew the" smile Into ? a
grimace that was all but 'devilish.
. "The Baronet'a aword la a good Inch
longer than youra In blade, and is some
what heavier. Tybee has brought a pair
of French short swords, which he offers.
"Will you change your terms?"
"No; I am content to fight with my own
weapon."
Jennifer nodded. "So, I told him." -And
then: "There was no surgeon to be had
in town, Dr. Carew having gone .with the
Minute Men to Join , Mr. Rutherford. •..Ty
bee says 'tis scarce in accordance ; with
the later rulings to fight without one."," V
"To the devil with their: hairsplittings!",
said I. "Let us have done with them and
be;at It." ; . '¦":, ':.." . • ;¦ "¦; :-.\^. . ¦
I was right glad to make sure that my
blow had spared bis eyes.' Richly as he
deserved his fate, I thought it would -be
ill to think on afterward that I had had
at a disadvantage of ray own making.
1 There was little time, wasted in the pre
liminaries. When Falconnet aaw us he
dropped his second's arm and '¦ began ' to
make ready. I gave my . aword to Jen
nifer and the seconds : went ' apart to
gether. There was - some measuring and
balancing of weapons, i and then Richard
came back. - . '
.:; vvnen.I came back;tb : some clearer sens
ingfbf.; things ' I* found } myself J abed ; In a
room -wtfilch was strange and ; yet | strange^
ly,^ familiar;^ v av great ':'¦ oaken
clothes press in one corner, a raree show
of curious ;: chlnai on y the* shelves twhere
the books : should • have ; been 'and [the : face
of " an "i armored -:' soldier » staring [down 4 at
roe I from \ its* frame i over chimney
plece.^where I -should have' looked- to . seo
CHAPTER TV*.
WHICH f MAY li BE : PASSED " OVER
.'¦ ' ' . r LIGHTLY.
' VAt = a: flash 1 shad my;whipplng in V'low
dipped curtsy * and l a; mocking ¦> smile 'like
that she had at Falconnet. ; " r
"Merci ! mon," captalne,"^ she said, • and
for ' all . my winclnga i under J tbe - sharp , lash
of f her i sarcasm ; I was moved \ to '; wonder
how she had the French of it. And then
she added: V' "Is •; it the custom ;;for her
Apostolic i Majesty's ' officers j; to ;: come "out
of a deathswound only to pay pretty com-
"You have alept long , and well, Captain
Ireton,", she said ; /and in all the thrilling
JoyJ of ; her r nearer presence I ; found space
to » mark that her . voice - had ; In'. It : that
sweet ' quality ; of * sympathy . which- is all
womanly.' "They, say; I • am good . only , to
fetch ' and carry— may I fetch you any-
I fear the madness of the moment must
still t have been 'c upon ; me," for* I said:
"Since; you; are -here "yourself," dear lady,
I need naught else.". '"" -- :
At this I '' should \ have . stirred, £ 1/ sup
poser for she came quickly and stood be
side me. ,-
young fever, coupled ; with t; the j subtle
witchery of her presence' thus In my sick
room,' . it , is little , to be , wondered at \ that
a curious 1 madness came over me,' so that
I f forgot ', for; the moment the ' loyalty due
to my; dear lad. ; Could I •¦ have . stood be
fore her and, reading but, half consent in
the deep-welled » eyes, • have "dipt ¦< her ."¦ In
my arms and laid my. lips to hers, I would
have i run : to: pay. the priced in: earth ' or
heaven "or hell, . I .) thought, deeming • the
fierce joy of it well worth any penalty.
gallop, and I lowered my point, aa any
gentleman would.'
. In the -very act— 'twas while Jennifer
was" clutching at her bridle .rein to stay
her from riding fair between us— I felt the
hot-wire prick of the steel in my shoulder
and ':- knew that ', my ; enemy had • run me
through as. I stood. : -
-Of what befell afterward I have but dim
memories. , , There -were -, '-. many hoof
' trampllngs, V and - then • I f elt < the dewy .
turf under v my hands :', and soft fin
gers tremblingly busy at my . neckerchief.'
Then- I saw swimmingly, - as through
a veil of mist, a* i woman's! face just'
above my own.'and it was full of. horror;
and I heard my enemy say:-;," '.Twas most
unfortunate; and I do heartily regret ¦ It,
Mr. Jennifer. -, I saw not why. he had low
ered his point.* Can- I^say more?'.'
How Richard ? Jennifer . made 1 answer to
this He I know not; nor do I know aught
else, save by, hearsay,* of any further hap
pening ' in that J grassy/ glade; beneath my
father's oaks.! For the big German blade
was ;a> shrewd blood letter, and I ';fell : :
asleep what , time : my lady waa trying I to I
stanch with' her < kerchief the < ebbing tide
;of/Ufe.T>' • ,-'¦ ;- ; .; --.;_ '-*; ''\
Though 1 dared not hope ¦&« would
keep her promise and was sometimes so
SH9S
"'? ?$V* this part but .tnmbllngly:
If at times the madness of my passion
would not be dented the look or, word or
han cSnot of poor cool friendship.
? nave this to comfort me; that after
time, when my dear lad came to know,
ne forjrave me freely-nay. held me alto
gether blameless, as I was not/.
Of what these looks and words and
hand-clasps meant to Margery* I had no
hint But in my hours of sanity, when
1 would pass these sHppings In review. I
could recall no answering flash of hers to
salt the woundlng3 of the' conscience
whip. So far from It. It seemed, a3 this
sweet comradeship budded and blossomed
on the stock of , a . better acquaintance,
she came to hold' me, more, as If I were
eome cross between a father or an elder
brother, and some closer; confidant of her
own sex. . . ' • v *
In some of. these, her soberer times. I
felt her, lean upon me as my,slster might,
bad I had one; at others she would frank
ly set me in her father's place, declaring
1 must tell her what to say or do In tMi
or ; that entanglement. Again, : and j
came oftener as our friendship' grew, sue
would talk to me as surely woman never
talked to any but a kinsman, telling ma
naively of her conquests, and sparing no
gallant of them all save only Richard
Jennifer. . ... '*-.-
And of Dick and his devotion she spok*
HOW I LOST WHAT I HAP NEVER
GAINED
CHAPTEK V.
"Dick; you - passed -, this way an hour
ago; was that breastwork In r the road
then?" wBHBBUES^^^SsBStbtts
* "Oh.'come!" eeid he.< "I 'know a pretty
bit of sword play vrhen I see It ; If we
come whole out 'of this adventure with
the Baronet • you : shall teach me • some of
the 'mere tricks' 'o.f yours." '
1 - promised, glancing back toward the
dust-veiled barrier. In the distance. -
"Mere'tricks, Dick, my lad; I have had
fifteen years in which to learn them. 'And
these ' were "but 'country yokela ; armed
with' farming tools. .The two with swords
had little, wit 'to 'use: them."'-' ' - ; -,
There was no cost worth counting. A
saddle horn bullet-shattered for me, and
the back of Jennifer's sword hand scored
lightly across by another of the random
missiles summed up our woundlnga.' Dick
whipped out his kerchief to • twist about
the scored hand, while I glanced back to
aee if any Tory cared to follow.
"Lord, Jack! 1 owe you one to keep
and one to pay back," quoth my young
ster, warmly. "I never saw a swordsman
till this day!" flt*M0WHHHll
Our horses took the barrier in a flying
leap, straining themselves for the race
beyond. When we had pulled them down
to a foot pace we were safely out of rifle
shot and there was epace to count the
cost.
"Over with you!" I shouted, pricking
tbe man who would have mowed him
down with a great scythe handled as a
eword. •
It was my first fleshing of the good old
Andrea, and a better oalanced blade I
had never swung In hand-to-hand mel
lay. As we closed with the half-dozen de
fenders of the barrier, Jennifer reined
aside to give me room-to play to right
and left and in the midst of it went nigh
to death because be held his hand to
watch a cut and double thrust of mine.
A line of the ragged horsemen strung
Itself awkwardly across the jj road to
guard the nlmsy barricade and at this
we charged. Btirrup to stirrup. In the
dash there was a scattering volley from
the wood, answered instantly by the bel
lowings of Jennifer's great pistols; and
then we came to the steel.
"Then at them, in God's name. Charge!"
It needed but the word and we were in
th'e thick of it. I remembered my old
field marshal's maxim, "Von Feinden
umringt. 1st die Zolt zu zerschmettern" ;
and truly, being so plentifully outnum
bered, we did strike both first and hard.
that barricade, think you?"
"Aye^ — standing, if need be."
"Aye. that 1 do. Now here Is my lady
Wfjpe preaching peace and all manner
of patience to me in one breath and up
¦fcolding in the next this baronet captain,
*ho, though 1 would have seconded him
nt a pinch, is but a pattern of his brutal
coJonel."
I put two and tw-o together.
"So Palconnet la on terms at Appleby
Hundred, is he?'
' "Oh. surely. Gilbert Stair. keeps open
•house for any and all of the winning
hand, as I told you."
The thought of this unspoiled young
maiden having aught to do with such a
thrice-accursed despoiler of women made
my blood boil afresh; and in the heat of
it I Jet my 6ecret slip, or rather some
part of it ,"
"E!r Francis had ever a sure hand with
the -women." I eaid; and then I could
have bitten my masterless tongue.
"6o?" queried Jennifer. "Then this is
not your first knowing of him?"
"No." So much I said and no more.
We rode on In silence for a little space,
and then my youtrjling must needs break
out seain 1n fresh be#eechings.
' "Tell me what you know of him. and
•what it was he said of Madge," he en
treated. "You can't deny me now, Jack."
. "I can and- shall. It mattera not to
you or to any what he is or has been."
* "Why?"
-Because, as God gives me strength
and ¦ Kklll. I shall presently run him
through, and *o his account will be
squared ence for all with all men— and
all women, as well."
"God speed you," quoth my loyal ajly.
f"I kn*w not your quarrel with him was
eo bluer." ¦
*'U if to the death."
. "So It eeems. In that case, if by any ao
ddent he" —
• I divined what he would say and broke
In upon him.
"Nay. Dick. If he thrusts me out. you
rouM not take up my. quarrel. I know not
where you learned to twirl the 'steel, or
how. but you may be sure he would spit
you like a trussed fowl in the first bout.
I have seen him kill a man who waa reck
oned tbe best sword In my old regiment
of the- Blues."
"Content y-urself," said my young Hot
epur grandly. "If you spare him he shall
"Tis a' weaknesa of the sex." he
eceffed. "The women have a fondness
for a man with -a dash of the brute in
hfm."
1 laughed also, but without bitterness.
"You say it feelingly. Do you speak by
•Uie book?"
¦Faugh!" said I. "That is but hang
man's work. And yet in London I heard
that this same Colonel Tarleton was
with Lord Howe in Philadelphia and was
made much of by the ladies."
Jennifer's luugh was neither mirthful
nor pleasant. '•" -,
IN WHICH MY ENEMY SCORES
FIRST.
True, to his promise, Richard Jennifer
mci me In the cool gray birthllght of a
new tlay at. a turn in the river road not
ab'i\e a nil* or two from the rendezvous.
an'J thence *e jogged on together.
•The i-ojm riders from the tsouth bring
blooil-curdling vtories of Colonel Tarle
tSU's doings," he said presently to break
our Kiknre. ""Tis eaid he overtook some
cf Mr. Lincoln'*: reinforcements, come too
late. They gave battle but faint hearttd
ly, bejng all unready for an enemy, and
prest-nlly threw down their arms and
besstd for quarter— begged and were cut
down as they stood."
CHAPTER UL
Something half familiar in the figure of
him mjde me look again. In the act he
turned, and then I saw his face— saw and
reccsnized it though nine years lay be
twe.n this and my last seeing of it across
the body of Richard Coverdale. ¦
••£ <>'." thought I. "My time has come
at last." And while I was yet turning
over in my mind how best to bait him,
the Udy passed out of earshot and I
heatd him say to the two. his comrades,
thai foul thing which I would not repeat
to Jernifer: a vile boast with which I
may not soil my page here for you.
"i>h. come. Sir Frank! that's too bad!"
cri<d the younger of the twain; and then
I took two strides to front him fairly.
"Sir Francis Falconnet, you are a foul
lip) <d blackguard'." I said; and, lest that
should not Ira enough, I smote him in tha
lac- »o t.hat he fell like an ox in the
tin. n • i.' < <.'& .
You m*y b« sure I conned these few
brave words till I bad them well by heart;
and later, when my voice waa surer and
my eyes less dim, I summoned Darius and
bade him tell me all he knew. And It
was thus learned what I have here set
down cf my father's end.
The next day. all Indecision gone. I rode
to Queensborough to ascertain. If so I
might, how best to throw the weight of
the good old Andrea Into the P**™ 1
scale, meaning to push on thence to Char
lotte when I bad got the bearings of the
nearest patriot fore*. •
Twas none so easy to learn wnat I
needed to know; though, now I sought
for Information, a curious thing or two
developed. One was that thia Ught-horae
outpost in our hamlet waa far in afl-
TSJiee of th» army of lnvaslon-eo far
that It was dangerously Isolated anfl be
yond support. Another was the air of
secrecy maintained and the holding of
the troop in Instant readiness for fight
or flight
Why this little handful of British reg
ular* should stick and hang so far from
Lord Comwallia' main, which was then
well down upon th« Wateree. I could not
guess. But for the secrecy and vigilance
there were good reasons and sufficient
The r&triot militia had been called out
and *««¦ embodying under General Ruth
erford but a few niiles distant near Char
°I had this information In guarded whis
pers from mine host of the tavern,
and was but a moment free of
the taproom, when I first saw Margery
Stair and eo drank of the cup of trem
bling with madness in Us lees. She was
ridir.£. unmasked, down the high road,
not en a pillion as most women rode in
that day. but upon her own mount vmn
a black' groom two lengths in the rear.
I can picture her for you no better tnan
I cou'.d for Richard Jennifer; but this I
know, that even this first eight of her
moved me stransely. though the witching
beauty of her face and the proudness of
It were more a challenge than a becken-
A blade's length at my right where I
was standing in front of the tavern,
three redcoat officers lounged at ease;
and to one of them my lady tossed a nod
of recognition, half laughing, half de
fiant. I turned quickly to look at the fa
vored one. He stood with his back to me;
a tnsn about ray own bigness, heavy built
and well muscled. He wore a bob-wig,
as <! d many of troop officers, but his uni
form »as tailor-fine, and tho hand with
whiih ».e was resettling his hat was be-
Jewt led— overmuch bejeweled. to my
taste.
Thereupon, aa you would gueta, X caaae
immediately into some email portion of
x&y kdns-dom. Though Darius was the
patriarch, the other blacks were also ftt
p'.uves from Appleby Hundred} and for
the son of Roger? Ireton there was in
etant vassalage and ' loyal eerrica. . But
be5t of all, on my firat evening . before
the handful cf fire in the great fireplace,
Darius brought me a package swathed
In many wrappings of Indian tanned
o>rrskin. It contained my father'a aword
and more precious than this, a message
from the dead. My father'a farewell waa
written upon a leaf torn from hla Jour
nal and was but a hasty acrawL I here
transcribe It:
•My Son: I know not If this will ever
come into rour bands, but It and my
tword shall be left In trust with the faith
ful Darius. We have made our Ill-timed
cart for liberty and it has failed, and
to-morrow I and five others are to die
at the rope's end. I bequeath you my
sword-'tls all the tyrant hath left me
to devise— end my blessing to go with It
vhen you, or another Ireton. shall onoe
more bare the true old blade In the aa
cred cause of «*™ N ...
ing all the yeara thai lay Uotweea, he
knew ra« at cnoe.
" 'Ware the wood!" he said sharply,
and none too soon, for even aa he spoke
the glade at our left filled as by, maglo
with a motley troop deploying Into the
road to surround us.
"Now who are theee?" I asked; "friends
or foes?"
"Foes who will bang you In your own
halter straps; Jan Howart's Tories — tho
same that burned Westcotts in their cabin
a fortnight since. Will your horse take
answe* to me for that thing he said of
Madga Budri this, though X know not
What It waj h» •aid." , '•'' ¦¦':-'' -Oj
X ssulaA at hla fuming, ardor, and glanc
ing at • tho pair of pistols, hanging from
his saddle bow, asked if he could shoot.
"Indifferent well." - &£ - ~ 3
"Than make him challenge you and
choose tout own weapon. "Tla your only
hope, and poor enough at that, Z fear. X
have heard he can chip & guinea at ten
paces."
From that we fell ailent again, being
but a little way from the rendezvous, and
ao continued until, at a sudden turn In
the road, we came in sight of a rude bar
ricade of felled trees barring the way.
Jennifer aaw It first and pulled up short,
loosing his pistols In their cases as he
drew rein.
Jennifer smiled grimly and ; gave hla
horse the, rein. "I think you'd charge the
fall of man to him If that would give you
better leave to kill him. I'd hate to own
you for my enemy, John Ireton." ':•:'.
For all our swift speeding we were yet
a little late at the rendezvous under the
tall oaks. When we came on the ground
the Baronet was walking up and down,
arm In arm with his second, a broad
ahouldered young Briton, fair of akin -and
ruddy of face.' /
If Falconnet bad set the Tory trap for
us be ¦ veiled his disappointment : at its
failure. His face, dark and Inscrutable
aa It was, waa made more sinister by. the
plasters knitting up bis broken cheek, but
•
i ,^>^,^ -
"Then « we ) may dafe^say ! our volunteer
captain fighta unwillingly." . '?.V4_ "¦':
"\VHow ao?" her demanded, being 'much
too straightforward • himself - to suspect
duplicity In others. &&giSg!£g$lSfa&&&
,- ¦¦ !' 'Tis plain enough. This waa - a' trap,
meant to stop or delay ua, and I'll, wager
high It was the ; Baronet who set.' and
baited it .It would please him well to be
able . to aay what ' our failure to come
would give him warrant for. Let ua gal
lop a bit, lest we be late and ao play into
his hand." .. . , ' ¦ '' .
I looked aside, and to my dying day, I
ah all swear that my antagonist did like
wise. What I saw waa Mistress Margery
Stair ridlrur down •': uoon us at •. : hand-
Something of this .prophecy of triumph
he must have read in my eyes, for on the
Instant. he waa up and at me like a mad
man, and I had my work well cut out
to hold him at the blade'a length. I waa
so holding him, was In my turn beginning
to ) press him » slowly, when there i came a
drumming of hoof beats on the soft turf,
and then a woman's cry.
, Recreant. though he was, I must do my
adversary the justice to say that he was
a 'Skillful', master:' of fence, agile aa a
French ¦ dancer and 'withal well-breathed
and r persevering. -Twice, nay, thrice, be
fore I- found my advantage he had pricked
me lightly with that extra inch of slender
point. But ; when I had fairly felt his
wrist I knew that ; his heavier weapon
would shortly ? prove his undoing— knew
that the "quick parry and lightning-like
thrust; would presently lag a little, and
then I should have him. ..'
: The seconds j fell back, but '.when : Jenni
fer would 'h'ave'glven 1 the signal I stopped
him; ¦£/•... \: )'S:/}:.----'-- : i-^' .'" /"'¦ ! "'-' >; " , '¦
"One'i moment,"; if; you. pleaae. Sir Fran
cis Falconnet^ youlknow. me ?'!!'•,
': The ; thin-lidded feyesfwere (veiled for an
instant, 'and then he lied smoothly. '-.
"Your'pardon,' v Captain Ireton; \ have
not.that honor." v''; '.'.¦ *% T
¦ " -fTis ; ataman < but { you ; do ,- He
this .: morning '• as * basely ; aa you *; lied to
Richard* Coverdale nine years 'agone,"
said I; and then I signed Jennifer to give
the .¦w'ordTj' : '.% '¦'¦ - ... ""
.•.'Attention, gentlemen! On guard!"' V
.Myjenemya 8 word leaped to meet mine,
and at the same instant I heard another
olick , of steel, betokening that the seo
onda had fallen to In a bit of by-play be
tween themselves, as was then the fash
ion. -> After „ that I heard nothing for a
time save the sibilant wbisperinga of the
Ferrara and the German, long aword, and
saw . nothing aave , the fierce eyes glaring
at me out of the ; midst -. of the plaster
marred smile. v-
pHments?" ", .'"¦¦¦" ..¦..
~v *? Twaa^no' cbmplimeiit,"'." r denied ; and."
indeed, I meant it. -V Then I asked where. I
was and to whom Indebted." though I had
long • since ? guessed the? answer to both
Questions.,.. >v -
f ™ In a trice . the mocking mood was gone
and she < became : my lady.- hostess, steeped
to her finger-tips in gTaclous dignity.
"You are at' Appleby i Hundred; sir.
'Twas here ; they fetched I you because
there was no other house so near and you
were sorely, hurt. - Richard " Jennifer and
my black ( boy made a litter of the sad
dle cloths and with Sir Francis and Mr.
Tybee to help— 'V v
I think she must have seen that this
thrust. was sharper than that of the Ger
man long sword, for she stopped in mid
sentence and looked away from me. 'And;
surely, I thought it was the very Irony
of fate that I should thus be brought half
deed to the house 'that was my father's,
with my enemy and his second to share
the burden of me.
"But your father?" I queried, when the
silence had grown overlong.
"My father is away at Queensborough.
so you must e'en trust yourself to my
tender mercies. Captain Ireton. Are you
strong enough to have your wound
dressed?"
She asked, but waited for no answer of
mine. Summoning a black boy to hold
the basin of water, she fell to upon the
wound dressing with as little ado aa if
ahe had been a surgeon's apprentice on a
battlefield, and I a bloodless ancient too
old to thrill at the touch of a woman's
hands. £ •
"Dear heart! 'tis a monstrous ugly
hurt," ahe declared, replacing the wrap
pings with deft fingers. "How came you
to go about picking a Quarrel 'with Sir
Francis?"
, " 'Twas not of my seeking," I returned,
and then I could have curved my foolish
tongue.
"la that generoua. Captain Ireton? We
hear something of the talk of the town,
and that aaya— "
"That sejra I struck him without auf-
She knew not that X was awake and
slaking, the thirst of my eyes upon the
sweetness of her, and to I saw her then
as few ever * saw her, I think, with the
womanly barriers of defense all down.
'Tis -a' hard . test, . and ,' one that makes a
blank at rest of many a face beautiful
enough in action: but though. this lady's
face was to the full aa changeful aa any
April «ky. It was never leu than tri
umphantly beautiful. •
What with the blood lettlngs and the
my : s mother's , portrait,"... the ", room ; .was ' a
counterpart t of iniy ' bed * chamber rat
Appleby I. Hundred.^ There 1. waa ~ even . ;< a '
faint odor of > lavender - in [ the I bed i linen ,
and the sense of smell, which hath \ ever
a better, memory. 1 , than any l othtr, carried
me J swiftly.; back- . to my boyhood and to
the ; remembrance i that ; my mother had
always kept a spray or two of that sweet
herb in* her! linen . closet. ' ; ' . & x
At the bedside there was a claw footed
table, which | also had the look of an old
friend; and on It a dainty, porringer, filled
with cuttings of fragrant sweetbrlar. This
was some womanly conceit, I said to my
self; and then I laughed, though the laugh
aet a pair of wolf ' a Jaws at work on ' my
shoulder. ' " For you must know . that I
had lived the full half of King David's
span. of three score and ten years, and
more, and 'what womanly softness had
fallen to my . lot had been well ¦got and
paid for.; . , .
I closed my eyes the better to remem
ber, what had befallen, and when I opened
them again was fain, to wonder if the
moment of. back- reaching stood not for
some longer time. In the deep bay of
the window, was a great chair of Indian
wickerwork, and I could have sworn it
had but now been empty. Yet when I
looked again a woman sat in It.
Now of a truth I had i seen this wo
man's face but twice; and once it wore a
smile of " teasing I mockery and once was
full of terror; but I thought I should live
long and suffer much before the winsome
challenging beauty of it would let me
b«ai I had been before I had looked upon
it : ¦¦¦•_• ¦•¦¦¦.. :;,-.:
She glanced up Quickly. w4th .a smile
which might hav» been', mocking; or liv
ing; I could not tell which.lt was.
"Did he make you* his deputy, to tell
me so. Captain Ireton?" . • .."
Now I might have known that she was
only luring me on to some pitfall of
mockery, but I did not, and must needs
burst out In some clumsy disclaimer
meant to shield my dear lad. Arid la the
midst of It she laughed again;; '
"Oh, you do amuse me mightily, men
capltaine." she cried. "I do protest I
shall come to see you of tener. ."Its as
good as any play!"
"Saw you ever a play. In this back
woods wilderness?" I asked, glad of any
excuse to change the talk and k»ep her
by me. '¦ "- - >
"No, Indeed. Bat you are not to think
that no one has seen the great world
save yourself. Captain Ireton. What
would you say if I should tell yon that
I, too, have seen your London, and evea
your Paris?" ..v VV ..• '• -
How is It. that love transforms the once
contemptible Into a thing most highly to
be prized? My eight year* of campaign
ing on the Continent had given, me the
French speech, or so much of It as the
clumsy tongue of me could master, and
I had always held It In hearty English
scorn. Yet now 1 was eager enough to
speak it with her and to take aa my very
own the little cry. of Joy wherewith she
welcomed my hesitant mouthing of it.
From that we fell to. talking in her
mother's tongue of the hardships of those
same Huguenot emigres; and ' , wh ?fL, I
looked not at her I could speak in term*
dispassionate and cool . of , this or aught
else, and when I looked upon her my
heart beat faster and my blood leaped
quickly and I knew not always what It
After a time— 'twas when Darius fetched
me my supper and the candles-*he went
away; and so ended a day which saw
the beginning of a struggle fiercer than
any the turbaned Turk had ever given
me Forwh«n I had eaten, and was
alone with time to think. I knew weU
that I loved this woman and ai
ways love her: this In spite of honor, or
loyalty to Richard Jennifer, or any other
thing in heaven or earth.
"The last I will da right heartily. 'Twas
but the simple truth, but it was 111 spoken
in your presence. Mistress Stair."
At this she laughed merrily; and in al!
my world wanderings I had never heard
a sound so gladsome as this sweet laugh
of hers when she would be on the for
giving hand.
"Surely, any one would know you are
a soldier. Captain Ireton. No other could
make an apology and renew the offense
so li-nocently in the same breath." Then
he»- mood changed again in the dropping
of an eyelid, and she sighed and said:
"Poor Dick!" '-J
As ever when she was with me, my
eyes were devouring her; and at the sigh
and the trembling of the swee^ lips in
sympathy. I found that curious love-mad
ness, coming upon me again.": Then I
law that I must straightway -dig some
;hasrn impassable between ' this ¦( woman
and me, as I should hope to bajjoyal to
my friend. So I said: "He loves you well.
Mistress Margery." ! ¦•/*'
"Why don't you . apeax, sir?" sh*
snapped, flying out at me In a passion for
my lack of words. ¦ ¦. . •
"What should I say? I have not for
got that once you called me ungenerous."
"You should defend yourself If you can.
And you should ask my pardon for call-
Ing 'my father's guest hard names."
I could' not tell her that, though my
quarrel with this villain was but th»
avenging of poor Dick- Coverdale'a
wrongs, Richard Jennifer's was for the
Baronet's affront to her. • So I bore the.
blame In silence, glad ; enough to b« as
sured that my dear lad was only wound
ed, r . • ¦ . .-. --.__
Now, In all my surmlslnrs. I had not
thought of this, and truly if ahs had
sought far and wide for a whip to scourge
me with she could have found no thong
to cut so deep.
"God help me!" I groaned. "Has this
fiend Incarnate killed my- poor lad?"
"No. he Is not dead." she confessed, re
lenting. "But ha has the Baronet's bullet
through his sword arm for the sake of
your over-seas disagreement with Sir
Francis." • >
"Captain Ireton, I will know the true
cause of this Quarrel which, faiUn* In
yourself, you pass on to Richard Jenni
fer I" in* cried. "Was It not enough that
you should ret yourself half slain, with
out sending this headstrong boy to his
death?"
With this surmise I was trying to con
tent myself on that evening of the third
day, when Mistress Margery bunt in
upon me, bright eyed and with her ch^f*?
aflame.
After this I saw her no more for six
fall circllngs of the clock, hands, and
grew fair famished for a sight of her
sweet face. But to atone, she or some
messenger of Richard Jennifers brought
me my faithful Darius, and he It was
who fetched me my food and drink and
dressed my wound. From him I gleaned
that the master of Appleby Hundred had
returned from Queensborough and that
there were officers in red coats continual
ly going back and forth, always with a
hearty welcome from Gilbert Stair.
Now, though the master of my stolen
heritage had little cause to love me, I
thought he had still less- to fear me, so it
seemed passing strange that he came not
once to my bedchamber to pass the time
of day with his unbidden guest or to ask
how he feared. But -in this, as in many
other things, I reckoned, without my en
emy, though I might have known that
Sir Francis would be oftenest among the
red-coated officers coming and going.
But stranger than this, or than my
lady's continued avoidance of me, was
the . lack of a visit . from Richard
Jennifer. Knowing well my dear lad's
loyalty to- tho patriot cause, I could
only conjecture that he had finally broken
Margery's enforced truce to go and
Join Mr. Rutherford's militia, which, as
Darius told me, was rallying to attack a
Tory stronghold at Rarasour's Mill.
shall - be punished properly for your hot
temper. I promise you. Captaia Ireton."
,With that she left .me and went to stand
In the window. v baV; and from lying
mouse-still and watching her over-stead
ily..I fell asleep again. When I awoke the
day was in its gloaming and she was
gone. • . -
THE SUNDAY OALt^
2THE SUM^Y CALL.
3
new and then, as well, though never
mockingly, as of the others. Nay, once
when 1 pressed her on this point, asking
her plainly If my dear lad had not good
cause to hope, she would only smile and
turn her face away and say that of alP
the- men she knew the hopeful ones pleas
ed her best. So I was ihus assured that
if it were a scale for love to tip, my lady's
heart would fail to Richard.
Now 1 took this to be a hopeful sign.
that she would tell me freely of these
her little heart affairs, and seeing her
¦O safe upon the side of friendship held
the looser rein upon my own unchartered
passion. So long as I could keep my love
well masked arid hidden what harm could
come to her or any if I should give it
leave to live in prison? None. I thought,
and yet at times was made a very cow
ard by the thought. For love, like other
living things, will grow by what it feeds
upon, and once fuil grown may haply
c:me to laugh at bonds, however strong
or cunningly devised.
With such a fever in my veins it was
little wonder that my wound healed slow
ly. As time passed by. with never a word
of news from the world without— if Mar
gery kn*w auzht of the fighting she
would never lisp a syllable to me — and
with Gilbert Stair still keeping churlishly
beyond the sight or sound of me, 1 fretted
sorely and would be gone.
One mcrning in the summer. Sd of June,
my lady came early and surprised me
pacing back and forth. Whereat she
scolded me as was her wont when I grew
restive.
-What weighty thing have you to do
that you should be so fierce to be about
it, Mor.s.eur Impetuous?" she cried. "FI
done! you'd try the patience of a saint:"
•Which you are not." I ventured. "But
truly. Margery. I am growing stronger
now and the bed does irk me desperately,.
if you must know. Besides" —
"Well, what Is there else besides? Do
I not pamper you enough?"
I laughed. "I'll say whatever you
would have me cay — eo It be not the
truth."
"I'll have you say nothing until you
sit down."
She pushed the treat chair of Indian
wlckerwork Into place before the window
bay. and when I was at rest ebe drew
up a low hassock and sat at my feet.
"Now you may go on," she said.
"You have not told me what you would
have trie sav."
'"The truth." she commanded.
What is truth T' 6aid jesting Pi
late,' " I quoted. "Why do you suppose
my Lord Bacon thought the Roman pro
curator jested at such a time and place?"
"You are quibbling. Monsieur John. I
want to know why you are so impatient
to be gone."
"Saw you ever a man worthy the name
who could be content to bide inactive
when duty calls?"
"That is not the whole truth," she said,
half abstntlv. ' "You think you are un
welcome here."
" 'Twas you said that; not I. But I must
r eeds know your father will be relieved
whtn he Is safely quit of me."
" 'Twas you said that, not I. Monsieur
John," she retorted, giving me back my
own words. "Has ever word been brought
>cu that he would speed your parting?"
"Surely not, sir.ee I am still here. But
you must know that I have never seen his
face as yet."
"And is that strange? You must not
forget that he is Gilbert Stadr, and you
are Roger Ireton's son."
"I am not likely to forget it. But still a
vord of welcome to the unbidden guest
¦would not have come amiss. And tt was
none' of my seeking — this asylum In his
hcu«e."
"True: but that has naught to do with
any coolness of my father's."
"What Is it. then— besides the fact that
I ara Roger Ireton's son?"
"I think 'twas what you said to Mr.
Pengarvin."
"That little smirking wretch? What has
he to fay or do In this?"
She looked away from me and said: "He
is my father's factor and man of affairs."
"Ah. I have always to be craving your
psrdon. Margery- But I said naught to
this parchment-faced— to this Mr. Pengar
vin. that might offend your father, or
any."
"How. then, will you explain this— that
you swore to drive my father from Ap
pleby Hundred as soon as ever you had
raised a following among the rebels?"
" 'Tls easily explained, this thrice ac
cursed—oh, pardon me again, I pray you;
I will not name him any name at all.
What I meant to say was that he lied. I
made no threats to him; to tell the plain
truth. I was too fiercely mad to bandy
words with him."
"What made you mad. Monsieur John?"
•"Twas his threat to me— to taint me
with my father's outlawry. Do you great
ly blame me. Margery?"
"No."
Thereat a silence came and sat between
us. and I fell to loving her the more be
cause of It; but when she spoke I always
loved her more for speaking.
Was ever man so tempted since the fall
of Adam? As I have writ it down for you
In measured words. I was no more than
half a patriot at this time. And love has
made more traitors than Its opposltes of
lust or greed. In no uncertain sense- 1 was
a man without a country: and this fair
ipaiden on the hassock at my feet was
all the world to me. I E aw In briefer
time than any clock hands ever meas
ured how much a yielding word might do
for me; and then I thought of Richard
Jennifer and was myself again.
"Nay. little one." I said, "there has
been no mistake. For their own purposes
my enemies have passed the word that I
am here as the Baron de Kalb's paid spy.
That Is no mistake: 'tls a lie cut out of
whol«> cloth. I came here straight from
New Berne, and back of that from Lon
don and the Continent, and scarcely know
the buff and blue by sight. But I am
Carolina born, dear lady, and this King
George's Governor hanged my father. So,
when God gives me strength to mount and
ride"
''Now, who Is fierce?" she cried. And
then. like liehtnlng: "Will you raise a
band of rebels and come and take your
own again?"
"You know I will not," I protested, so
gravely that she laughed again, though
now there were tears, from what well
rpring of emotion I knew not. In her
eyes.
"Oh, mercy me! Have you never one
little grain of imagination. Monsieur
John? You are too monstrous literal for
our poor, jesting age." Then she sobered
quickly and a-lded this: "And yet I fear
that this Is what my father fears."
I did not tell her that he might have
f*ar>"d It once with reason, or that now
the houseless dog she petted should have
life of me though mine enemy should sick
him on. But I did say her father had
no present cause to drea.d me.
"H* thinks he has. Aud surely there
is cause enough." she added.
I fmiled, and. loving her the more for
her fairness, must smile again.
"Nay. you have changed all that, dear
lady. Truly. I did at first fly out at him
and all concerned for what had made me
a poor pensioner in my father's house^ —
or rather in the house that was my fath
er's. But that was while the hurt was
new. I have been a soldier of -fortune
too long to think overmuch of the loss of
Appleby Hundred. 'Twas my father's,
certainly., but 'twas never mine.".-
"And yet— and yet It should be yours.
John Ireton." She said it bravely, with
uplifted face and eloquent eyes that one
who ran might read. .
"'Tl? good and true of you to say so,
little one; but there's two sides to .that.
as well. So «iy father's acres ! come at
Ia«t'to you and Richard Jennifer. % ehall
be well content, I do assure • you, Mar
gery." . •
She sprang up from her low .seat and
went to stand in the window-bay. After
a time she turned and faced me again,
and the warm blood was In cheek and
neck, and there was a sort light In her
eye* to make them shine like stars. "
"Then you would have me marry Rich
ard Jennifer?" she asked. ' .
'Twas but a little word that honor bade
m<» fay, and yet it choked me and I could
not s«ay It
"Dick would have you, Margery; and
Pick Is my dear friend— as I am his."
"But you?" she queried. "Were you
my friend, as well, is this as you ' would
have it?"
My look went past her through the
lead-trimmed window panes to the great
oajts and hickories on the lawn; to these
and to the white road winding in and out
among them. While yet I sought for
words In which to give her unreservedly
to my dear lad. two horsemen trotted into
view. . One of them v,-as a king's man;
the other a civilian in sober, blaok. The
redcoat rode as English troopers do. with
a firm spat, as If the man were master of
hi? mount; but the small man in black
seemed little to the manner born, and
daylight shuttled In and out beneath him.
keeping time to the jog trot of his beast.
I thought it passing strange that with
all good will to answer her, these coming
horsemen seemed to hold me silent. And,
Indeed. I did not rpeak until they came
so near that I could make them out.
"I am your friend. Margery, mine; as
good a friend as you will let me be. And
as between Richard Jennifer and another,
I should be a sorry friend to Dick did I
not"
She heard the clink of horseshoes on
the gravel and turned, signing to me for
silence while she looked below. The win
dow overhung the entrance en that side,
and through the opened air casement I
heard some babblement of voices, though
not the words.
"I must go down," she said. " 'Tis com
pany come, and my father -Is away."
She passed behind my chair and. hear
ing her hand upon the latch, I had
thought her gone — gone down to welcome
my enemy and his riding mate, the fac
tor. Bet while I was cursine ,my un
ready, tongue and repenting that I ¦ had
not given her some small word of warn
ing, she spoke ajtain.
"You say 'Richard Jennifer or another.'
What know you of any other, Monsieur
John?" .
"Nay. I know nothing save what you
have told me: and from that I have been
hoping there was no other."
"But If I say there may be?"
My heart went sick at. that. True, I
had thought to give her generously to
Dick, whese right was paramount; but
to another—
"Margery, come hither where I may see
you." And when she stood before me like
a bidden child, "Tell me, little comrade,
who is that nther?"
But now her mood was changed again,
and from standing sweet and pensive she'
fell a-laughing.
"What Impudence!" she cried. "Ma fol!
You* should borrow Pere Matthleu's cas
sock" and breviary: then mayhap I might
confess to you. But not before."
But still I pressed her.
"Tell me, Margery."
She tossed her head and would not look
at me. "Dick Jennifer is but a boy: sup
pose this other were a man full grown."
"Yes?". . ...
"And a soldier."
The sickness in my heart became a fire.
"O Margery! Don't tell me It .is this
fiend who came just now!"
All In a flash the jesting mood was
gone.' but that which, took its place was
strange to me. Tears came; her bosom
heaved. And then ehe would have passed
me, but I caught her hands and held them
fast* ; - .
"Margery, one moment: for your own
sweet sake. If not for Dick's or mine,
have naught to do with this devil's emis
sary of, a man. If you only knew— If L.
dared tell you"—
But for once. It seemed. I had stretched
my privilege beyond the limit. She whip
ped her hands from my hold and faced
me coldly. '.
"Sir Francis says you are a brave gen
tleman. -Captain Ireton, and though he
knows well what you would be about, he
hag not sent a file of men to put you in
arrest. And in return you call him names
behind his back. I shall not stay to lis
ten, sir."
With that she passed again behind my
chair, and once again I heard her hand
upon the latch. But I would say. my say.
".Forgive me," Margery. I pray you;
'twas only what you said that made me
mad. 'Tls less than naught If you'll deny
It."
I waited long and patiently, and thought
she must have gone before her answer
came. And this u» what she eaidr
"If I must tell you, then, 'tis now two
weeks and more since Sir Francis Falcon
net asked me to marry him. I— I hope you
do feel better. Captain Ireton." .
And with these bitterest of all words to
her leave-taking, she left me to- endure
as best I might the hell of torment they
had lighted for me.
CHAPTER VL
SHOWING KOW RED WRATH MAY
HEAL A WOUND.
It was full two days after the coming
of the Baronet and the ft !tor-lawyer Pen
garvln before I saw my lady's face near
hand again, and sometimes I was glad
for Richard Jennifer's sake, but oftener
would curse nnd swear because I was
bound hand and foot and could not balk
my enemy.
I knew Sir Francis and the lawyer still
lingered on at Appleby Hundred — Indeed,
I saw them dally from my window — ami
r>artus would be telling me that they
•waited upon the coming of some, courier
from the south. But this I disbelieved.
Some such like lie the Baronet might
have told, I thought: but when I saw
him walk abroad with Margery on his.
arm. pa'ing back and forth beneath tho
oaks and bending low to catch her light
est word with grave and courtly defer
ence that none knew better how to feign,
I knew wherefore he stayed— knew and
raged afresh at my own Impotence, and
for the thought that Margery was wholly
at the mercy of this devil.
Yours Is a colder century than was
ours, my dears. Your art has tempered
love- and passion Into sentiment, "and hate
you have learned to call aversion or dis
like. - But we of that simple-hearted elder
time "".were more downright; and I have
writ'the word, I. mean in. saying that my
'love was at the mercy of this fiend.
I know, not how It is or why, but there
are men who ha.ve.thls gift— some winning
way to tiirn- &; woman's head 'or touch her
heart; and I' knew .well this gift was his.
'Twas not his face,-' for that was some
thing , less tWahjbandsome, tomy fancy;
nor yet his figure, though that was big
and. soldierly enough. It was rather in
some 'subtlety of manner, some power of
simulation whereby in any womanly heart
he, seemed to stand at will for that which
he was not. "¦•¦'. " •
As- 1 have said, I knew him well enough;
knew him incapable of love apart from
passion., and- that to him there. was no
sacredness in. maiden chastity or wifely
vows. So he but gained his end he cared
no whit what followed ;after; ruin, broken
hearts, lostsoufs, a man slain now and
then to keep the scale from tipping— all
were.' as one to- him, or to the Francis
Falconnet Vknew. ' .
And touching marriage, with Margery
or any other,- I feared that love would
have no- word to 6iy. Passion there
might -be- and that fierce desire to have
and wear. which' burns like any miser's
fever in the blood; but never love as lov
ers measure It. Why, then, had he pro
posed to-: Margery?. The answer did not
tarry. Since he was now but a -gentle
man volunteer It. was plain that he had
squandered his estate and so might brook
the marriage, chain if It were linked up
with my father's acres.
So, brooding over: this, 'I wore out two
moat dismal days— the first In many I
had had to pass alone. But on the morn
ing of the third the sky was lightened,
though then the light was but a flash and
darkness followed quickly after. She
came again and brought me a visitor; 'It
was .this same Father Matthieu with
whom | she had . jestingly compared me.
and lest I. should take my punishment
too lightly, stayed but to make the good
priest known to roe. , •
Now.I, was. born and bred an heretic,
by any ".papist's reckoning, but" I have
ever held it witless in that man who lets
a creed obstruct a friendship. Moreover,
thia'sweet-faced cleric was the friendliest
of men; ' friendly, and yet the wiliest
Jesuit of them all, since he read me at
a glarrce and fell straightway to praising
Margery./:- -. ' * . . -. - ¦ -.- .•• '- --.
"A' truly sweet young Mlemoiselle," he
said, by- waiy' of foreword, no sooner '.was
the door closed behind her, and while.ho
preached a sermon on this text! -grew,
to know -and love him. I . -. T -.
As I have said, I was like any prisoner
in' a dungeon -for ; lack of news.. and-, sp
by degrees I fetched him round to tellihg
me. of what i was. going on- bevond my
window-sight of: lawn and foiest. ' .' ' r
Brave deeds were to the fore, it seemed.'
At Ramsour's Mill, a few 'mites north arid
west. ' some i little • handful of determined'
patriots had bested thrice their, number of
the King's partiean3, and that- 'with
out a leader bigger V than a • county
colonel. Lord "Rawdon", ; in . -"command,
of- Lord . Cornwallis' .van, had come
as" far -as" Waxhaw Creek, but, being
unsupported, bad "withdrawn to Hanging
Rock. Our Mr. -Rutherford was- on his.
v. ay to I the' forks of Yadkln to engage the
Tories gathering under i Colonel Bryan.
As. yet, it "seemed, { wfl ' had - no force of:
any* consequence to, take the field against
CornwalllB." thpugh there were flying ru
mors of -fen' army-marching .from Virginia,
with a. new" appointed general at its head.
As r you may, well suppose, this : news
awoke In me.the lust of battle, and I must
chafe the more, for-having it. And while
my>i»Itor talked .onand I was listening
with Jthe- outward .ear/ my ; brain was busy.;
putting" two and two. together. How came
it that : the British outpost still remained
at Queens borough,: with my Lord Raw
don withdrawn 'and: the patriot' home
guard-- "well ¦ftown ;upon-its * rear? Some
urgent reason for the stay there must be;
and at that" X remembered what Darius
had told" me .of -Its captain's waiting for
some. messenger from the south.
I : scored - this matter with "a question
mark, putting It aside to think on more
when". I should" be alone. .And when the
priest had told. me all the news at large,
we came again to; speak of Margery.
"I go and come through all. this border
land," he said, when I had asked him how
and why he. came '.to Appleby Hundred,
"but It was mam'selle's message brought
me here. She is my. one ewe lamb In all
this region and I would "journey far to
see her." ¦ • • -, ; , •
I wondered pointedly at this, for In that
day the west was fiercely Protestant and
•the mother church had scanty footing in,
the borderland. - .•
This put me' keen ( upon -remembering
what had gone before. I thought it
strange, knowing how perilous the time
and place must be for such as he. But
not until' he, rose and, bidding me good
day, left me to myself, did I so much as
guess the thing his coming meant. When
I had guessed it; when I put this to that
—her telling me Sir ; Francis had proposed
for her, and 'this her* sending for the
priest— the madness of tey love for her 1
was as naught compared to that -anger ¦
which seized and racked me.
I know not how the hours of this black
day were made to come and go, grinding
me to dust and ashes In their passage, yet
leaving me' alive and keen to suffer at the
end.
A thousand times that day I lived in
torment through the | scene In which the
priest had doubtless come to play his part
of joiner. The stage for It would be the
great room fronting south; the room- my
father used to call our castle hall. For
guests I thought there would be space
enough and some to spare, for, as you
-'know, our Mecklenburg was patriot to the
core.. But as to this, the bridegroom's
troopers might fill out the tale, and In
my heated fancy I could see them grouped
beneath the candlesconces with belts and
baldrics- fresh pipe-clayed, and shakos
doffed; and r-abretaches well in front. "A
man full-grown — a soldier," she had said;
and trooper-guests were fitting In such
case. -...",¦. ' . ' .. ¦ • ' ; :
Fr6m serving In a Catholic land I knew,
the customs of the "mother church. So I
could see 'the priest In* cassock, alb and
stole as he. would stand before 'some
makeshift altar lit with candles. And as
he stands they come to kneel before him;
my. winsome Margery. In all v her royal
beauty, a" child to love, and yet 'an em
press peerless in her woman's realm; and
at her'side. 'with- his knee touching hers,
this ;man: who was 'a devil! • - - ¦•- "• •'
What wonder . If .- 1 ;cursed ' and I choked
and cursed again . when t the • maddening
thought of what. all. this should mean for
my poor wouoded Richard— and . later on,"
for Margery —possessed me? In
which of these 'hot 'fever-gusts of rage'
the thought" of interference', came, I know,
not. -But that . 'ifcameA -i at length—a
thought and plan,* full-grown at; birth— I
do know. ' t -'; ; , f ' '- i l' ¦'¦ ¦
The pointing of the plan , was desperate
and simple. It was neither more nor less
than this: J, .khe'w the .house and every.
turn and "passage In It, and. when the hour
should strike'I said' t should go down and;
skulk -among 'the gue'sts," and at the cru-'
ciaKmomehf find .'or seize i"a weapon-atid
fling? myself this as - he
should kneel before the altar.
With strength to bend him back and
strike one blow, I saw not why it might
not win. And as. for strength," I : have
learned this in war: that so -the rage be
hot enough 'twill" nerve a dying man to
hack and hew and stab as . with the
strength of ten. r ] •-".: v*"
Although Jt was most terribly bverlong
in coming, the end of that black day did
.come at last, and with it Darius to fetch
my. supper and the candles. - You may be
sure I questioned him, and "If you know
the blacks'you'II smile and say I had my
labor for my pains— the which I had. His
place was at the quarters, - and of .what
went on withln the house . he knew * no
more than' L| But this, he -told me- that
company surely was expected -. and,, that
som« air of mystery was abroad. > : .-".
WLen he was gone I ate a soldier's por
tion, knowing of old how ,111 a thing. It &
to take an • empty stomach *^nto battle.
For the same cause "i drank. a second cup
of wine— 'twas old Madeira ofnty father's
laylng-in— and would have- drunk althlrd
but that the bottle would not yield; it. -r;",-.
I It was fully dark when; I- had finished,
and thinking ever on > my plan '} would
strive afresh to weld Its weakest ~.XML
This was the hazard ..f »?*•> weayxrtj-get
¦ ting. .With full-blood health and strergth
I might have gone bare-handed, but as* It
was I feared to take, the chance. So with
a candle I went a-prowllng ln-the d*ep
drawers of the old oaken clothes press
and. in* the escritoire, which. :0nce .had
been my mother's, and found 'no weapon
bigger than/ a hairpin. ,."'¦'• - ¦ . . . J -¦-
It was no " great disappointment, 5 " f or"'I
had looked before with daylight in Hhe
room. Besides, the wine v was mdu/itJrig,"
and when the search' was ; done the/hazard
seemed^ the less. So I could rush upon
him unawares and put my' knee • against
his back, ,1 thought the lord . of - battles
would give me strength to break his n*ck
across it."w' - " .".:</.::#•»;<..;
\ At that I capped the candles., and 'tak^
ing post in the deep bay T of the^ window
eet myself to watch 1 for the lighting of
the ; great ;room at the front. Thlshad
two windows on my side, and; while,* I
could not see them I knew,, that. I should
see the sheen of light upon the. lawn. ~%:\
Behind the close drawn curtain; 5 though
. I could see, it. not, the virgin forest dark
ened.all the land: and frbm^afar. within
Its .secret depths; I heard., or.- r, thought
I ; heard, the dismal howling of the'tim
ber, wolves. Below the bouse was silent
as • the grave and this -seemed strange
to me. Fpr In the time of?my youth a
wedding was a joyous thing. -Yet. I- would
remember that these present times 'were
perilous; and also that my bridegroom
captained, but a- little band of troopers in
a land butnow become fiercely debatable.
It must have been an hour or more be
fore the sound of distance muffled h'obf
beats r on the. road broke In upon the
chirping ; silence of the night. \ I looked
and listened," straining my .... eye s and -ear.
hearing but little and seeing less until
three shadowy horsemen Issued from the
curtain wall of black beneath my window.
It was plain that, others -watched '-as
well as; I. for at their coming a sheen
of; light burst from the/opened door be
low,'at which there were- sword" clank-
Ings'as.of armed-'men dismounting, and
then a few_low voiced words of welcome.
Followed quickly the closing of the door
and silence: and when my eyes grew onco
again accustomed to the gloom I saw.be
low the horses standing, head to head and
In- the midst a man to hold them. -^ :
5 ."So!".. I thought; "but three in all, and
one of them a servant. 'Twill be a scant
ly guested wedding." Andthen.I raged
within ,.againV : to think'bf how my^love
should • be.' thus-, dishonored in a corner
when, she should have the -world to clap'
Its' hands and praise her beauty. -' \
.cAtthat, and while I looked, the lawn
was | banded | farther on by. two broad -
beams of light;" and then I knew my time
w'as*come.';.'V;. •¦ ¦. I " . ". ' _•¦ ¦ : : -
1 Feeling my>.way across the- darkened*
chamber, I softly 'tried the door latch.
It yielded. at the touch, but not the door.
I pulled, 'and braced myself . and pulled
again.- 'Twas but a waste of strength.
The" door was fast with that contrivance'
wherewith: my father used to bar me: in
what time I, was a boy and would, go
raccoonlng with our. "negro hunters.- My
enemy wasno fooL He had been shrewd
enough to lockme In against , the chance
of interruption. ¦• ' *- - . . - "
I wish' you might conceive the helpless
horror grappling with me" there behind
that fastened door; but this," indeed, you
may not, having felt . it -not For one
dazed moment I was sicR as death with
fear and frenzy and I ; - know not what
besides, and all the blackness of the night
swam sudden red before my eyes. Then,
in the twinkling of an eye; the madness
left. me sool and sane, as If the, fit had
been the travail pain of some new birth
of soul. And after that, as I "remember;
I knew not rage nor haste nor weakness
—knew no other thing save this: that I
had set myself a task to do and I would
do It. y : .
My window was in shape .ike half a
cell of honeycomb, and close beside It on
the outer wall there grew ah ancient ivy
vine which more than once had held my
weight whf n I *was younger and would
evade my father's, vigilance. .->
'I swung the casement noiselessly and
clambered out, with hand and foot In
proper hold as if those youthful flittings
of my boyhood days had been but yes
ternight. A breathless minute later I
was down "and afoot on solid ground: and
then a thing chanced which I would had
not. The man whom I had called a ser
vant turned and saw me. ¦
"Halt! Who goes there?" he cried.
- "A friend," said I, between my wishings
for a weapon. For this servant of my pre
ngurings proved to be a trooper, booted,
spurred and armed. ' \ *'
"By God, I think you He." he said;. and
after that he said no more. •" for ' he "was
down among the horses', hoofs and I upon
him, kneeling hard , to scant his .breath
for shoutings. -" "..._. :- • < .
It grieves' me now through all these
years to think that I did kneel tco hard
upon this man. He was. no enemy , of
mine, and did but do— or seek to do— his
duty. But he would flght or die, arid I
must fight or die; and so lten-Jed as such
strivings will, with, some grim crackling
of ribs— and when I rose he rose not with
me.. -.' . . * ¦, .- . ' .:. . "•¦
With all the fierce excitement, of ( the .
struggle yet upon me I stayed to knot
the bridle reins upon his arm to make it
plain that he had fallen at his" post. That
done I took his sword as -surer for < my
purpose than : a pistol; .and hugging Uhe
deepest , shadow of -,the wall, .afiproached
the. nearer^ window. It was open wide,
for. the night v.-as sultry warm, ahd-from
within there came 'the ""clink of jrlasses
ami now a toast and now a trooper's oath.
I drew myself by inches to" the case
ment, which was high,- finding seme' foot
hold in the wall; and when I looked with
in I saw no wedding guests," no- priest, no
altar; only this: a table in the midst with
bottles on" It. .and round It five men
lounging at their ease and drinking to -
the King. Of these five two.* the Baronet :
and .the lawyer, were known ¦ to '. me," and
I have made them known to you. A third
I guessed j for Gilbert Stair. The other
two were strangers.
- -CHAPTER "VTL
IN. WHICH MY LADY HATH NCTPART.
Seeing that I had taken a man's life
for this,! the chance of looking in upon
a drinking bout, you will not wonder. that
I went aghast and would have fled for
verr shame had not a sudden weakness
seized me. But in the midst I heard- a
mention of, my name and so had leave, I
thought, to stay and listen.
It was one of the late comers who gave
me; this leave; a man well on In years,
grizzled and weather beaten; a seasoned
soldier by his look and garb. Though his
frayed- shoulder knot was only that of
a captain of foot, 'twas plain enough he
ranked his comrade and the knight as
weir;-: -. r
"> v^You say you've bagged this Captain
Ireton?.jWho may he be? Surely not old
Roger's son?" . . . .
:*Th« lame." said the Baronet, shortly,
.and would be filling his glass again. He
' could always drink more and feel It less
than any sot I ever knew.
,"But;hpw the devil came he here? The
last, I knew of him— 'twas some half score
years' agd, though, come to think — he was
a" lieutenant in the Royal Scots." 'Jj'
l * Mine enemy nodded. "So he was. But
afterward; he cut the service and levanted
, tti: tue Continent." . -
.-'.'What. brought him over seas. Sir Fran
cls?" • "iSvas not the grizzled jester who
asked,', but < the younger officer, his com
rade-. ¦. ,";"•
"'Falconnet smiled as on« who knows a
thing. and will not tell and turned to Gll
-bert.Stalr.~ -
."rWhatjwas it, think you, Mr. Stair?" he
said,, passing the question on.
rAt->this. th«y all looked to the master
of Appleby Hundred, and I looked to. He
•was not. the man I should have hit upon
in •any throng as the reaver of my father's
estate; still less the man who might be
Margery's father. He had the face of all
the Stairs of Ballantrae without Its sim
ple Scottish ruggedness; a sort of weasel
face it •was, wlth_pale. gray eyes that had
a? trick of. shifty dodging, and deen-.fur
rowed about the mouth and chin with
lines that spoke of .indecision. It was not
of him that Margery got her firm, round
chin,Vnor. aught of anything she owed a
father save only her paternity, you'd say.
And when. he spoke the thin falsetto voice
matched; the weak chin to a hair.
: f'.'I?, Damme, Sir Franci3, I know not
why The -came— how should I know?" he
quavered. ' "Appleby Hundred is mine —
mine. I tell you! His title was well
hanged on a tree with his damned rebel
father I' V
A laugh; uproarious from the three-sol
diers-greeted his petulant outburst; after
: which the^Baronet enlightened the others.
-."As 'you know. Captain John. Appleby
Hundred belonged to the rebel Roger
Ireton, and Mr. Stair here holds but a con
nscator's'title. 'Tia likely the son heard
of the: war and thought he stood some
chance to come Into his own again."
\"0h,"aye: sure enough," quoth the elder
officer, ~ tilting his bottle afresh. And
then:" "Of- course he promptly 'listed with
the rebels when he came? Trust Roger
Ireton's son for that."
My Baronet wagged his head assentingly
to this; then clinched the lie tn words.
.'" "Of course; we have his commission.
He is. on- De Kalb's staff, 'detached for
special duty." "
"A spy!"' roared the jeeter. "And yet
you f haven't hanged him?" •
..Sir 'Francis shrugged like any French
man. '"All; in good -time, my. dear cap
tain.: There -were treasons why I did not
care \ -to /knot the rope myself. Besides,
wV.had a:little disagreement years agone
across- the water; 'twas about a woman—
cb/'.she'was no mistress of his, I do as
sure'you!'' — this to quench my jester's
'laugh : incredulous. '-"He was keen upon
me for .satisfaction In this old quarrel,,
and 'r gave" It him, thinking he'd hang the
easier for a little blooding first."
Here the factor-lawyer cut in anxiously.
"Bat"' you will hang - him. Sir Francis?
You've - promised that, you know."
I did not "hate my enemy the more be
cause, he turned a .shoulder to this little
bloodhound and quite Ignored the inter
ruption.'
""So" we "fought It out one morning in
Mr. Stair's woodfield, and he had what he
came' for. Not to give him a chance to
escape, '-.we brought him'' here, and
as soon as he Is fit to ride I'll
send him" to tha colonel. Tarleton
will, give him a short shrift. I
promise. you, and then" — this to the mas
ter of" Appleby Hundred — "then your title
will, be "well quieted, Mr. Stair."
At this the weather beaten captain roar
ed again and smote the table till the bot
tles-reeled.
' Haying "thus disposed of me they let
me be. and came to the graver business of
the moment, with a toast to lay the dust
before 1L It was Falconnet who gave
the. -toast.,
• "Here's to our bally redskins and their
king— How. do you call him, Captain Stu
art? J pcon— Ocona— " "
"Oconostota is the Chelake« of it.
though On the border they know him. bet
ter, as .'Old Hop.' Fill up. gentlemen, fill
ub;,.'tls a7 dry business, this. Allow me,
Mr. Stair; and you, Mr. — er—ah—Pengar
denl' This same old heathen is the king's
friend now, but, gentlemen all, I do as
sure ', you he's . the very devil himself In a
copper-colored skin. 'Twas he who am
bushed us in '60, and but for Attakulla
kulla—"' '¦'.*¦
' ''Obii "Lord!" groaned Falconnet. "I
say, captain, drown the names In the wine
and we'll drink them so. "Tis by far tha
easiest way to swallow them."
By this, the grizzled captain:* mention
of -the old Fort Loudon massacre I knew
him .for- that same John Stuart" of the
Highlanders who, with Captain Damare,
had so stoutly defended the frontier fort
against the savages twenty years before;
knew, him' and wondered I had not sooner
placed him. -.-¦ When" I was but a boy, as -I
could; well remember, he had been King's
man to. the Cherokees; a sort of go be
tween iti times of peace..and in the border
wars a man the Indians feared.. But now,
as I wad 'soon to' learn, he was a man for
us to fear. ( " < ¦ "
•. •• •TiS'Carried through at last," he went
qn, when-the toast was drunk.. An then
he stopped .and held up a warning nn
gefy.,,"This business will not brook un
friendly ears. Are we safe to talk here,
Mr.* Stair?'.' • ~ -
"If-wasFalconnefwho answered.
; "Saie ; as.- the. clock. You passed i my
sentry In the road?"
/•YfsJ'i < > - »•;'.¦,. - ' '¦-.¦•
,"He_ls.the padlock of a chain that
reaches round the house. Let's .have
y"our : news,\captaln."
"As •!' wa*s saying, the .Indians are at
outslwlthius. 'Twas all fair sailing In the
council- at Echota,' the Chelakees being to
a man fierce enough to dig the. hatchet up.
But^'I. did '.have the ; devil's . own teapot
tempest with my Lord Charles. He says
we'have*rhore friends than enemies in the
border settlements, and. these .our. red
sklneTwili: tomahawk them air alike.*' £ '
• I maiLe'a mental note of this and won
-¦ - . ¦ — a . ¦¦ -, -- ., - - .
dered If my Lord Cornwall!* had met
with some new change of heart. He was
not over-squeamish as I had known htm.
Then I beard the Baronet say:
"But yet the thing Is done?"
"As good as done. The Indians are to
have powder and lead of us. after which
they make a sudden onfall on the over
mountain settlements. And that fetches
us to your part In it. Sir Frank; and to
-yours, Mr. Stair. . Your troop, captain,
will be the convoy for this powder; and
you, Mr. Stair, are requisitioned to pro
vide the commlssa/y."
There was silence while a cat might
wink, and then Gilbert Stair broke in
upon It shrilly:
"I cannot, -Captain Stuart; that I can
not!" he protested, starting from his
chair. " 'Twill ruin m« outright' The
place Is stripped— you know It well. Sir
Francis — stripped bare and clean by these
thieving rebel militiamen; bare as the
back of your hand. I tell you! I '*
But the captain put him down In brief.
"Enough, Mr. Stair; we'll not constrain
you against your will. Eut 'tis hinted at
headquarters that you are but a fair
weather royalist at best— nay. that for •
some years back you have been as rebel
as the rest in this nesting place
of traitors. As a friend — mind you. as a
friend — I would advise you to find the
wherewithal to carry out my Lord's com
mands. Do you take me, Mr. Stair?"
The trembling old man fell back In his
chair, nodding his "yes" dumbly like a
marionette when the string has been
jerked a thought too violently, and his
weasel face was moist and clammy. I
knew not what double dealing he would
have been at before this, but it was sure
ly something with the promise of a rope
at ttae publishing of it.
So be and his factor fell to ciphering on
a bit of 'paper, reckoning ways and means
as I took It, while Falcor.net was asking
for more particular orders.
"You'll have them from headquarters
direct," satd Stuart. "Oconostota will fur
nish- carriers, a Cherokee escort and
guides. The rendezvous will be here
abouts and your route will b« the Great
Trace."
"Then we are to hold on all and wait
still longer?"
"That's the word— wait for the Indians
and your cargo."
Falconnet*s oath was of impatience.
"We've waited now a month and more
like men with halters round their necks."
The country la alive with rebels."
Whereupon Captain Stuart began to >
explain at large how the northern route |
had been chosen for its very hazards. I
the better to throw the partisans off
the scent. I listened, eager for
every word, but when the horse3
stirred behind me I was set back '
upon the oft-recurrent underthought of
how the gloom did also hide a silent fig
ure lying prone, with the three bridle
reins knotted round Its wrist.
The senior plotter had some map or
chart of his own making, and he was
pricking out on it for Falconnet the route
agreed upon in council with the Chero
kees.
At this cool outlaying of the working
plan, some proper sense of *rbat this p!ot
of savage-arming meant to ev«ry unde
fended cabin on the frontier seized and
thrilled me. I knew, as every border
born among us knew, the dismal horrors
of an Indian massacre: and this these
men wcr-i planning was treacherous mur
der of an unwarmed people. All was to
be done in midnight secrecy. Supplied
with ammunition, the Cherokee, led by
th!s Captain Stuart or some other, were
first, to fall upon the over-mountain settle
ments. These laid waste, the Indians
were to form a Junction with the army
of invasion, and so to add the torch and
tomahawk and scalping knife to British
swords and muskets.
It was a Dlot to make the blood run
cold In my veins, or In the veins of any
man who knew the cruel temper of these
savages, and when I thought upon the
fate of my poor countrymen beyond the
mountains I saw what lay before me.
The settlers must be" warned In time to
flght or fly.
But while I listened, with every faculty
alert to reckon with the task of rescue,
I take no shame In saying that the prob
lem balked me. Lacking the strength to
mount and ride in my own proper person. *
there was nothing for It but to find a
messenger, and who would he be in a re
gion at the moment distraught with I
war's alarms, and needing every man for
self-defense?
At that I thought of Jennifer. True,
he was wounded, too; but he would know
how best to pass the word to those in
periL I made full sure he'd find a way
if I could reach him. and -when I had It
simmered down to this the problem sim
plified Itself. 1 must have speech with
Dick before the night was out, though I
should have to crawl on hands and knees
the half-score miles to Jennifer house.
Having decided, I was keen to be about
It while the night should last— the friend
ly darkness, and some fine flush of ex
citement which again had come at need
to take the place of healthful vigor. But
when I would have quit the window to
begone upon my errand a sober second
thought delayed me. If my simple coun
terplot should fail, some knowledge of
the powder convoy's route would be of
prime importance. Lacking the time to
warn the over-mountain men, the next
best thing would be to set some basd
of patriot troopers upon the trail and
¦o to overtake the convoy. Nay, on this
second thought's rehearsing the last ex
pedient seemed the better of the two.
since thus the plot would come to naught
and we would be the gainers by the cap
ture of the powder.
So : now you know why I should stick
and hang by toe and flnger-tlp and glare
across the little space that gaped between
my .'Itching fingers and the bit of parch
ment passed from hand to hand around
the table's end. If I could make a shift
'to rob them of .this map-
It was a desperate chance, but in the
frenzy of the moment I resolved to take
it. Their pladngs round the table favor
ed me. Gilbert Stair and the lawyer sat
fair across from me, but "they were still
Intent upon their figurings. Of the trio
at the table's end the baronet and the
captain had their backs to me. The young
er officer sat across, and he was staring
broadly at my window, though with wine
fogged eyes that saw not far beyond the
bottle neck, I thought.
My one hope hinged upon the boldness
of a dash. If I could spring within and
sweep the' two candlesticks from the table,
there, was a chance that I might snatch
the* parchment in the darkness and con
fusion and escape as 1 1 had come.
So 'I began by inches to draw me up and
feel for some better launching bold. But
in the midst, for all my care and caution,
I slipped and lost my grip upon the case
ment; lost that and got another on the
wooden shutter opened back against the
outer wall, and then went down. pu!!in?
the shutter from • its ' rusted * hinges In
crashing clamor fit to rouse the dead.
(Continued Next Sunday.)THE SUNDAY CAIjIj.
ME-OWS OF A KITTY
f^=7^——^aOME people talk as if their tongues had
't/T^S«^l>*vJ been rubbed with axle grease or 1 a
I** *'[ 1'Shtning brand.
' - ome fools are big fools, some are
' V <^i^2«E$j^ • ! J ;t;le fools, and some are just grcaL
Now that autumn leaves have ceased
to faU, women's clubs are back to business.
* * *
If you put the donkey before the chariot you can't ex
pect to win the trotting match.
* * *
Room at the top for everybody, but there does not seem
1 to be much of a crush up there.
A love-sick woman is just about as entertaining as a
colicky baby. A love-sick man promptly hunts up another
woman for sympathy, and its gingersnaps to gold notes he
just as promptly fails in love with her.
* • * t
A man's heart is at its softest, most meilow stage when
he has lost the woman he loved. Any real smart feminine
can catch it on the rebound. Trained nurses will please take
note of this and give the newly made widower big chunks
of comfort. Before the funeral is over the poor dear will be
wondering how long he ought to wait before proposing.
* * *
A prominent membeT of a Chicago women's club says that
¦"Women, by their intense activity, are weakening the men."
Too bad. Can't some of the smart women invent a set
of springs that will give men's activity a few jerks? Of
course there was a row.
* . * •
If everybody minded their own business there would be
more to "kiss and make up" and less alimony to make up.
* * *
If coffins were lined with safe deposit vzu!ts some people
would be too mean to make wills.
* * *
Why prate so much of woman's tongue? If men did not
listen women would net talk.
* * *
Senator Depsw says he would have braved eighty mar
riage ceremonies to make that charming woman his wife.
Evidently the genial joker has not found marriage a failure.
* * * •
Dowie ain't a bit nice boy to play with; we were glad
when he took his doll rags and went home from New York.
And his son has never kissed a girl! The girls who es
raped ought to pray for him.
* * *
A box of candy, a novel, a kimona and a hammock are
all-sufficient to make some women happy.
» • *
Women's clubs are hsving an interesting time in New
York. The bills for the federation bazaar are in contention,
and the "mere man" at the business end is clamoring for
coin. Unfeeling wretch. But "mere man" never did under
stand a woman.
When a man says he has never told a lie or made a fool
of himself it is time he should be given decent burial or he
Woman is a creature of moods. Imperative when she
wants anything. Infinitive— well every one knows that a
woman's moods are infinit(iv)e. Objective— the married
men will please not all speak at once. SubjuncUvt^-when
she wants to get married. Subjective— when she is in love.
- • • -; • .;":
When a woman loves the wrong man he learns a few
things not taught in the Sunday-school curriculum.
? • *
Women's clubs claim to have improved Chicago. Was
it that bad? Poor Chicago.
* • •
A man in Hoboken spanked his wife because she at
tended a mothers' meeting and left him home with the ba
bies. And the Judge, horrid thingl never even fined him.
, • • ?
A wise man never antagonizes a woman. If he does ht
may repent if he lives long enough.
„ . * * •
A woman's stockings are often an index to her character,
and yet they may be darned old stockings.
* * * .
You may estimate a woman by her laugh. Her giggle is
the weighing machine of her mental adipose.
Tears are the dewdrops of the soul, the prison that re
fracts the glorious rainbow of hope. \
• * •
Sorrow teaches us mercy.
* • *
I prefer the Magdalen to the Diana. One is merciful;
the other thinks she is just .
• •¦•¦,
The intimate friend minds your business and tells it to
every one who assists the process.
Fish for fools and you will have to hate a mighty big
dragnet.
* • * •
"The early bird catches the worm." Frisky thing! The
worm ought to get a hustle on himself. No sympathy for
anything *o slow as that old worm.
• • • •
"Discretion is the better part of valor.'* Not a bit of it
When a man is on the valor band-wagon he forgets all about
discretion.
? * *
To be too honest often brands one as a knave.
? • •
Love not only laughs at locksmiths, bat forges hs keys
right under his nose. Sometimes they're skeleton keys, too.
A stitch in time may save thirty-nine cent*.
* • ?
Will m nightmare ever make a racehorse?
SCHOLAR IN POLITICS
GIRL WHO SERVED TIME
By Billy Burgundy.
Fable for the Foolish.
If fl r *?Tl'^Si^M history of Benianiin Franklin Stubbs is a living cx-
B W rrii r^J^B ample of the career of the scholar in politics; that's ' why
K ES R5LJJI ever >'bodv smiles when his name is mentioned. To the
P S3P3 average untutored citizen and voter the scholar in politics
I 3)^ '^3 B bears a striking resemblance to a young ladies' boaniinc
1 w? l!XlsJ 8 5C h°°l * n a rolling-mil! — interesting, but incongruous.
ll'ffil.. ¦Tiffin But when B. Franklin's father held that young gentleman
UHBOHaoau over the baptismal font while the family clergyman
sprinkled the front part of his name on convenient parts of the anatomy of
the helpless infant the doom of said helpless infant was fixed for keens.
Names have more influence in cuiding and directing the destiny of the
universe than any other one force, barring the Women's Christian Temperance
Union. It may.be true that a rose by any other name would smell as sweet:
but it is probably equally true that if the human race were to rise uo and de
cide to call or give the name rose to the malodorous and pervasive jimson
weed all the women in the United States would immediately declare they
had always preferred eau de jimsqn to white violet or pink carnation. Most
of us eat, drink and smoke names, paste names all over our religion, fall in
love with names — and call each other names when we fall out again— and
envelop and pad ourselves with names generally.
Thus it wai that poor Benjamin Franklin was condemned by a heedless
father and a faithless old representative of the church to shy his mitt into
the political arena at the first opportunity. Of course as soon as he reached
the age of convictions he became firmly convinced that all politicians, from
the first serpent to the latest oostoffice clerk, have been shamelessly corrupt,
and alto, of course, he was of the opinion^ that the world had been sitting
around for some hundreds of centuries with all of its legs and arms hope
lessly out of joint waiting for B. Franklin to heave in sight and put a plaster
of paris cast on each of the corners.
In order to prepare himself for this exceedingly delicate operation in po
litical surgery he p u * in many weary hours in college wrapping his three
ply, silk-warp(ed) intellect around John Stuart Mill, Bryce's "American
Commonwealth" and other lieht works designed to give the inquiring mind
an upper hold on the problems of government. He had also taken a lone
course of maxillary gymnastics in the college debating society, doing the vo
cal giant swing and the forensic cut-off on such time-honored questions as the
following: Resolved. That the pen is mightier than the sword. Resolved.
That men of action have done more for the advancement of civilization than
men of thought. Resolved. That the hen is impelled to cross the road by
the unconscious sublimation of her ego; and other subjects more or less
fraught with importance to the human race.
As toon as he secured a firm hold on the little roll of parchment which
signified that under ordinary circumstances he could be depended on to pro
tect himself from the wet. Benjamin Franklin sallied forth to take the tired
old world by the hand and lead it to where it could sit down in comfort and
safety and let its feet hang over the edge. It was so delightfully simple that
he wondered often, far within himself, that no one had thought of saving
the country before he backed in. It hadn't occurred to him then, as it did
later, that the country had been saved, one way or the other, at least once
every two years for the last century or more. The trouble is that it won't
stay saved.
When B. Franklin returned to the city where he had chosen to be born
some twenty-three years previous he found the town trembling on the verge
of a campaign for Mayor. As usual, a great municipality was struggling
to free itself from the grasp of a band of shameless political bandits. Virtue
was out and vice was in; it's a peculiarity of virtue that it usually is out. If it
should ever succeed in getting itself elected to anything and making people
believe for any great length of time that it was the same old virtue they had
voted for, observant critics would begin to look for the curtain to go up on
the first act of the millennium. But unfortunately 'that happy event is al
ways just around the corner.
On his arrival B. Franklin thought that he could hear the city draw a
long breath of relief and pleased anticipation, and he forthwith proceeded to
unlimber his intellect and remove the tension from his vocal apparatus. He
was one of the first spellbinders at the post and got away well in the lead.
Every night he pervaded the stilly— and brewery— air with his silvery elo
quence, and every mornine the street-cleaning gang swept up great bunches
of persuasive arguments where B. Franklin had thrown them the nieht be
fore. All the wealth of ancient and modern history and literature was
drawn upon, and such a dazzling light was let in upon the darkened intel
lects of an enlightened constituency that green shades had to be furnished
with each and every address.
In the eyes of B. Franklin he was the whole thing and something over.
If the city could be saved he was the boy to do it. In his wandering fancy
he could see a grateful populace climbing the front steps of the Maison de
Stubbs bearing the thanks of the municipality on a platter. It was true that
there were one or two moments of disquiet. For example, he heard faint
but frequent rumors of what a certain gentleman with a name that ended in
"hooley" was doing for the party, and he had heard him referred to as the
boss, whatever that meant. But the name of B. Franklin, was ringing so
loudly through the cells of that gentleman's cerebellum that he couldn't bo
bothered with such vulgar things as "hooleys" and bosses.
By and bv the campaign came to an end, as. everything does except
Congressional investigations and postal indictments, and B. Franklin had the
limelight turned off and sat down to hear the returns. To his exceeding
great joy his particular brand of virtue finished about two lengths to the
good and vice slunk off with its tail between its' legs. But the thanks of the
municipality came not to B. Franklin, though he waited long and pa
tiently. Finally, in sheer despair, he journeyed down to headquarters to see
who was holding up the civic gratitude so shamelessly. Imagine his sur
prise, when he found out that the pure souled patriots in that stronghold of
political righteousness had never even heard of him. He, B. Franklin, the
silver-tongued orator, the lion-hearted savior of the city, was not even so
much as a name to these distinguished gentlemen. >>.
But while he hung around hoping to find some one who knew some one
who had heard his father's name he was compelled' to -witness the gratitude
that he was sure was marked with his name handed over; to a gentleman
with short hair and a mouth like the front door of, » rat trap, who sat in
the rear of a corpulent black cigar and took it all in without a word. This
unprepossessing person had a name that ended in "hooley." Later on B.
Franklin learned how the citv had been saved, and the other, fellow even told
him how much it had cost. Virtue comes high, but we must have it. ;*
B. Franklin monkeys no more, with the political buzz-saw, and he care
fully refrains from speaking except when he is spoken to. His lesson was
rather expensive, but he will never forget that while speech \ may be silver,
when it is entered in the political handicap it isn't even a hundred to one
against a properly gilded and prudently administered silence.
Copyright,, 1903,, by ( Albert^ Britt: f ;-, - ; ; / ; • ;j- ; : -
tmsxHam&cm MCE upon a time there lived in the town of Herkimer s
s^j^ieSfejjg^ geezer who possessed a wife named Cordelia and a
ta^B^a' f daughter named Fidelia. His tag read Luuan Lugsworth.
jgJ^^aH]. Lucian ran one of the leading stores in the town. Fact
M£pffi>y«ft is, he really had a shade the best of the other store for
(^igggpfreM the reason that he was more centrally located, b«ing right
—^1_ _ —^ — lj across from the station.
One day after placing his order for fall Roods with
Isadore Rosenstein, who travels out of Cincinnati, Lucian asked him trp to •
meet the folks and take pot luck. Isadore, wise to the fact that it wu i
chance to make a three-base hit. accepted the invitation, and at toon a* he
pulled up at the house he began to eulogize Fidelia with such marked en
thusiasm that Cordelia was moved to ask Lucian if he waj sure he had ordered
enough from Mr. Rosenstein.
Isadore saw the opening at once and remarked that he thought Lucian
could use six dozen of those XL percale shirt waists to great advantage.
Lucian said make it three dozen and assort the sizes and patterns as much
as possible without disturbing: the cost mark. Isadore made a note of it on
his cuff and promptly changed the subject.
Then Fidelia gave her imitation of Little Eva. Isadore said that aj an.
imitatrix Fidelia made Cissie Loftus look like an amateur. ¦ This caused
Lucian to Temember that he had clean forgot to order a dozen, pink bed
spreads. Isadore put it down and then the bell rang for supper.
When Isadore had gone Cordelia blew out the parlor lamp, folded up
the napkins, locked the silver butter dish in the safe and called Lucian into
the back room to talk matters over.
She told him she had been deeply impressed by what Mr. Rosenstein had
said about Fidelia's talents: that she knew every word' he had uttered was
gospel truth, for he was highly educated and a most perfect gentleman.
Indeed, he had simply said what she had always known was a fact. After
sparring along that line for a while, she up and said she had set her mind on
sending Fidelia to one of them boarding schools where girls are taught Latin,
Greek, music, art, expression and citified manners.
Lucian came back at her ,by saying that while the crop reports were
powerfully discomforting and "collections very slow, he warn't going to raise
his voice agin what was for the good of his own child, so Cordelia went to
the bookcase and dug up a stack of catalogue* from the leading thought fac
tories.
After studying the fine points of each school, Cordelia and Lucian came
to the conclusion that the Martha Washington Seminary was the best. The
catalogue -said jo. To prove it, the book called attention to the fact that the
Martha Washington Seminary is ' located 444 feet above the level of the sea
on the very spot where nature has most lavishly bestowed her bounties; where
the birds are moved to perpetual song; the death-dealing germ is a curiosity;
the cuisine is unsurpassed: the salubrious mountain air lingers from Septcm-
Ikrr the 17th to June the 21st, and the daily programme is as follows:
Rise at 7, bathe and dress. Study, 4 to 5.
Breakfast, 8. Gymnasium, 5 to 5:30.
Study, 9 to II. Bible study, 5:30 to 6.
Recitations, 11 to 12:3a Dinner, 6:30.
Luncheon, 12:30 to I. Study, 7 to 8.
Recitation, 1:30 to 4. Prayers, 8 to 8:3a
Retire, 9.
The book went on to say that the Martha Washington Seminary Is
equipped w'ith a chemical laboratory, tennis court and Christian influence.
Well, to get to the point, Fidelia's trunk was packed with sheets, pillowr
cases ( hot water bags, talcum powder, scented soap and other feminine un
mentionables, and she took the cars to the informatory.
• After serving eight months at what she termed hard labor. Fidelia went
back to Herkimer with nothing to show for if except a beribboned mando
lin, a Yale flag, a college yell and a bunch of slang.
..-.., Moral': /There is no place like home for a girl of talent.A DOUBLE RESCUE.
By KeitH Gordon.
WOOING OF • SPITFIRE.
By Harriett G. Canf.eld.
WHEN DAVID GAME.
and the brota veranda. The sun was just
dropping out of sight, but Its faint gold
en glow lingered lovingly on the place.
In the darkness of her old room that night
she thought with wet eyes' of the little
girl of other days. .
At 8 o'clock the next morning she stole
down to the stone fence once more, smil
ing foolishly to herself as she ¦ did so:
There was no need to hide— the boy would
not go by. And so she leaned upon- the
wall, thinking pensively of. the past. ,
A weird buzzing aroused her j and she
looked up to see a big, red touring car
spinning down the road toward her.. For
a moment she watched it indifferently.
»Cirg» DALE was th*
•^Sgr=pS*yT «cene of Joyful propa-
ration, for Mr. and
/iBxKj }/%) Mrs. Ezra Hammond
V Mnjwjjl >to^ were soon to celebrate
. YjH(JV)^M i their golden wedding.
T jfjBSSsftjfciL From far and near
JAsjpflMiBtgaal their children and
grandchildren ; wer* coming to th* old
country. home under the great *lms. -
£11 of .the neighbors wer* interested la
the coming event, and a number of them
were pledged "to help out on chairs and
china." Patience Saybln (familiarly
known as "Patty^') and. her .brother, lived
only: a mile . from ; Elm .Dale; but- they
had not been- asked' to contribute and
Patty felt slighted. V : V; ;
"I've .offered to lend "them, every thing'
on the place-reven you,' John," ; she* said
to her brother; "but Mrs.' Hammond says"
they, have >11 th© arrangements I made. I
did want a* finger In the pie." : ¦'-"¦" " . \
John laughed.* "Never mind, little girl,"
he said consolingly,' "Mr. Hammond says
they may ask. us to 'sleep' one or two, if
the old house won't hold them all."
Th* day bef or* th* celebration Mrs.
Hammond drove over ln the morning to
see Patty. "I thought we could stow 'em
all away," she said with a smile, "but I
was thinking Mary had four children,
'stead of five! I don't see how I came to
forget little David when I counted noses.
I've been wondering, dear. If you'd let
• him sleep here— either him or on* of the
others?".
"Oh, yes!" Patty cried delightedly, "I
should love to, Mrs. Hammond."
The old lady smiled. "I brought his
picture along," ! she. said, "so you could
see what" a dear little fellow he was."
Patty, bent eagerly over the photograph.
A pleasant little face smiled at her from
the cardboard— the round, dimpled face
'of a 5-year-old. VHe's a' perfect cherub,"
¦she cried.
"I'm ; expecting most of my .' children
this ' evening, and If his folks come I'll
send him 'over before bedtime."
iThe i dear old lady ; forgot to tell Patty
that ? the • picture was taken twenty- three
years before.
All that day Patty was very busy pre
paring; "little ! David's" room." An old
7 .txtm as It dnv netxtr ana the outline*
' »t AU occupant became dear her heart
Jumped with delight.
"It's he; it really la!" she exclaimed ex
citedly. . .
At the same moment the automobile
slackened speed and the man Inside lifted
his bat with a flourish and sans; out Joy
ualy. "Hello, little girl I What you star
ing; atT" As of yore, she dropped sudden
ly down out of light.
"But Isn't It strange that you should
happen along this very first morning that
I'm home?" she queried when, their non
sense over, they stood talking across the
wall
"Well, not so odd as it would hav* been
lf I had not known you were coming," he
admitted laughingly. Then a queer look
came Into his eyes.
"Why haven't you married T" h* de
manded abruptly. She opened her lips to
reply, but something ln his fao* arrested
her. Sbe flushed furiously. He laid his
hand on hers.
"Haven't we been a pair of Idiots?" he
asked with a happy laugh.
T the tenfier age of 11
/¦" 'sj^^p^^i *7 years the used to sta
'ffitfTg^^ §3 I t!oa herself b«hind th»
'jtgLgzaBB»|| ed their grounds from
' )JlLV*- "^11 '' the rcad l0 ie * th * k° T
r yCiXr^ vs.** by. Regularly at
th* werk, she was at her post, peeping
over the fence very cautiously lest the
bojr himself ehould discover her.
There was something about this pextlo
v\»r feoy that she liked. His eyes were
mm b!ue as those of Gladys Arabella, her
favorite blond do!L That ln itself was
tjiougli to draw her stormy gaze nke a
sssignet. But there were other things be
side. There was the easy way that he
sat en his pony— there was the way he
pulled his cloth cap raklshly to one side.
I There was— well, there was a daring,
dashir.g. fascinating something about him,
•Ten Et H, that proclaimed him one of
th* conquerors.
Fcr weeks she had paid him the silent
homage of that trip to the fence each
morning. Then one day, waxing careless
from long security, her black bead and
big, dark eyes appeared Just above it.
Ee slackened his pony and stared at her
with open curiosity.
"Hello, there! What are you staring at,
dscy?" he called out with boyish rough
ness. The head disappeared.
He waited a moment, but as she failed
to reappear, he dashed off down the road
laughing.
After that it w»s his delight to catch
her watching him. He would turn at the
most unexpected moments to eee lf he
could >urprise her. But when, once ln a
while he succeeded in getting a glimpse
of tlie gypsy-like head and the fiery dark
«yes. h.s brusque "HI, there, sissy. See
anything green V always had the came
effect. Sbe dropped out of eight.
' •: - ' • • -..*.''. '
It wss a private school for boys kept
by tn old Criend of the family. So her
paresis tousrht a place for her there when
(It was necessary for them to sail without
their small daughter.
For nrr the excitement of being placed
In the school where the boy went each
day was delicious. They had known each
other for a y«ar— that Is, she bad watched
him and he bad known that she was
there.
"My eye. It's the girl who's always
peeking over the fence." he remarked to
his chum at his first glimpse of the new
pupil. "Icn't sbe a regular Indian,
though:" and he gazed curiously at the
straight, shining black hair and the black
eyes. He did not mention to his chum
that he liked shiny black hair and eyes
like big dark stars.
After a while be looked toward her and
smiled— a foolish friendly smile. Instead
of meeting this overture with the lady
like graciousness that her training bad
taught, she made up a face at him. Guess
he wouldn't think cow that she liked him
For some time after this he ignored
her. But at last he Impulsively proffered
her a stick of hoarhound when they met
In th« corridor one day.
With a stamp of the foot she threw it
to the ground. "If your mother makes
you eat hoarhound, eat It yourself. I'm
not going to eat It!" she flashed out with
spirit. Then in a tumult • of happiness
she fled, leaving the astonished boy gaz
ing after her with an open mouth.
"Spitfire!" was his greeting which next
they met.
Thus the ice was broken. Morning after
morning now he came to school with
some offering for the girl. Often It was
a bunch of roses begged from the gar
dener. "The prettiest ones you have,"
he would command importantly, never
guessing that their fresh beauty was in
stantly quenched in the darkness of the
girl's small trunk. Bach time that she
lifted the lid to put In a fresh bunch the
exquisite scent of the withered ones float
ed out into the room. Years afterward
the drifting scent of roses would bring
before her the laughing face of the boy.
The old boy and girl affair had died
the usual death of such attachments. He
had gone to college and she to a finish
ing school. They had sworn \ never to
forget and to write twice a week. And
for six months they kept their vow.
Later a certain society belle whose
"dark" beauty" was much exploited by the
newspapers occasionally found herself
wondering. In off moments, what had be
come of the boy. And he! One must not
be bard on him. The world Is so full of
pretty girls, and his eyes were blue and
daring, his shoulders broad and he was
gay and debonair.
• •:- -" • • -¦; •
She had reached the mature age of 25
on a gray day in November, and the girl
and her companion paced aimlessly up
and down the platform of the. little Scot*
tlsb railway station, waiting for th*
southbound train.
A handsome young, man who had been
taking a turn up and down the opposite
platform, waiting apparently for a train
to the north. glanc*d across at the peo
ple, who, . like himself, paced back and
forth Impatiently. As his eyes fell upon
the tall, graceful girl with a face like
a brilliant flower, he paused in astonish
ment. Then a wave of .warmth and ex
citement surged over him and be dashed
across the tracks and advanced with boy
ish eagerness toward her.
It was a pretty bit of comedy, spark
ling with pleasure, surprise, eagerness.
Then, the big, black engine swept down
upon'them with a. wild, triumphant shriek
as much as to say, "No more of this non
sense. Come with me to London, young
lady," and In the midst of their excited
greetings they were obliged to part. •
"Not married?" she laughed as he stood
at the door of the compartment.
"No, I'm waiting for the lady fair,"
be answered gayly. "And your*
"Waiting for the gentleman dark," she
replied archly.
Then the guard called "All aboard," and
"I would! I'd be 21 then." holding his
non* too clean hand with both her tiny
ones. "I'm going to wait for you. Every
day I'll remember Just how you look,
and--"
"You tot!" smiled her rescuer, hastily
pulling from his breast pocket an en
velope and extracting a card photograph
from a rather soiled bunch. "Here! Tak*
this! Look at it once In a while. That'll
be thanks enough for me. and maybe
you won't entirely forget a poor fellow
who won't forget you In a long while.
Bless your little white soul! I didn't know
I had a soft spot left."
"Allena Raceway I" quavered th* thin
lady In black, coming up with a rush
after painful Indecision In crossing, "how
dared you disobey me? Have you thanked
the kind gentleman properly? Which Is
he, Allena?" M^ ¦ __
"He's gone!" answered her chars*, with
a wall of disappointment, her glance
roving through the crowd. "Oh, dear! I
didn't even find out his name. Tve got his
picture, though, to remember him by.
See Charlotte."
The governess gazed and bit her lip. "A
pretty hard face," she murmured.
"It Isn't!" cried Allena In wrath. "It
was Just saintly when I kissed him."
"You kissed him! You dreadful child!
Come home at ,once. You! Judge Race
way's. daughter! Why, the man might
have had consumption— or— or germs. He
may have given them to you!"
"He gave me his picture, anyway, and
you and your old germs can go to pot."
retorted Allena, impolitely. "Say. you
needn't drag me along, Charlotte Spicer.
I can walk."
"Curly" stood Irresolutely In front of
the saloon. The crowd Jostled him, but
he did not move along. A flashily dressed
man seized his arm.
"You're shaky : this morning, boy." he
accosted cordially. "Let's get Inside. I'll
break a small bottle with you. That will
put you on your feet."
"I'm on mv ¦ f«et now," returned *the
other, roughly. "Let me alone!"
.His companion stared. "Curly!" he
coaxed good-naturedly. "Come on now.
Don't stand here In the sun. Yes, yes, I
know how a fellow feels sometimes. | It's
the nerves." Settle 'em and you'll be all
right" • . ¦%."' :; • *
"You don't know how I feel, Joe, and
you • never will," smiling queerly. '"I've
¦ 'LL kiss you for thatl"
i I CrttSgy/^r cried the child, trern
k f ifxjJl *S ulously. "I'd marry
\ \ i IS V you lf l w " b! *
' /^jt^'' about the man's
muscular neck as he
tried to dodge the Impulsive caresses.
Laughing faintly, he carried his light
burden across the street, put her down
In safety, and beckoned to a white-faced,
horrified woman on the other side of the
track.
"Curly" did not quit* comprehend how
he had done it Just an instinctive leap,
a clutch at the pink frock, and th* trol
ley's fender had grazed his leg as be
Jerked forward, trying to cast the little
girl from him. with a flash of thought
that he, himself, was gone.
Voices cursing the' motorman, who was
not In the least at fault; voices and hands
applauding hummed In his ear without
meaning, as he straightened up with a
long breath of relief, his eyes on her
grateful, childish face.
"Marry me, eh?" he whispered, mis
chievously, as he dlzlntanfled th* cling-'
Ing fingers. "Oh, no, my dear, you
wouldn't, not lf you were ten years
older."
"I would! I'd be 21 then." holding his
non* too clean hand with both her tiny
ones. "I'm going to wait for you. Every
day Til remember Just how you look,
and--"
"You tot!" smiled her rescuer, hastily
pulling from his breast pocket an en
velope and extracting a card photograph
from a rather soiled bunch. "Here! Take
this! Look at it once In a while. That'll
be thanks enough for me. and maybe
you won't entirely forget a poor fellow
who won't forget you In a long while.
Bless your little white soul! I didn't know
I had a soft spot left."
"Allena Raceway I" quavered th* thin
lady In black, coming up with a rush
after painful Indecision In crossing, "how
dared you disobey me? Hav* you thanked
the kind gentleman properly? Which Is
he, Allena?" M^ ¦ _, 4V
"He's gone!" answered her chars*, with
a wall of disappointment, her glance
roving through the crowd. "Oh, dear! I
didn't even find out his name. Tve got his
picture, though, to remember him by.
See Charlotte."
The governess gazed and bit her lip. "A
pretty hard face," she murmured.
"It Isn't!" cried Allena In wrath. "It
was Just saintly when I kissed him."
"You kissed him! You dreadful child!
/i._. vootia at nni** Tan! Judire Rac»-
had an experience. Jost say to the crowd
that I've cut my hair and the sooner they
forget "Curly* the better It win pleas* me.
Bay I'm Todd Shipman now, the same
who cams among yon two years ago.
when I was kicked out of collets. Joe.
I'm 21 tc-dav. Lord knows X wast &
drink, but I don't take It. I've a little
money coming, and I was going to "blow"
It In good shape, bat something has
changed my mind. You've been a good
friend and square. Good-by and luck to
you." ' ;.,i .•;-,¦"
The muscular figure straightened with
a half friendly, half -warning flash in the
gray eyes.
A strong momentary pressure of fingers,
which were quick at dealing poker hands,
and Shipman' s broad shoulders strung
down the street.
"Beats me!" meditated his sporting
friend, and swore softly. "Maybe he la
right, though — a — birthday — new leaf
hum!"
. • e •
"Show him In." said the Jndgv, a bit
testily. "Right her* ln the library, John.
Turn up that lamp a trifle." He pored
over the card. "Can't be Otis Shipman' s
son." he ruminated. "Let's see. Todd's a
family name. Why, It was ten years ago
j that boy went off— goodness knows where
—and glad they were to he rid of him,
the wild rascal I Seems to me I heard he
had done mighty well, but that didn't
cure him, I Imagine. Yes. I remember, a
curly-headed, gray-eyed scamp; bright as
a dollar. Too bad! Too had!"
When the visitor emerged from ta* II*
brary after that hour of rapid conversa
tion he went straight to the drawing
room, and his host, with a puzzled vLj
age, pattered upstairs.
Shipman stood under the great chande
lier, a bronzed, well-formed man. the
rings of clustering hair loir on his broad
brow. He trembled at the sound of soft
approaching steps.
"My father said you wished to speak
with me." came a clear voice, as a girl,
tall, bright-eyed and sunny haired came
quickly in without embarrassment, look-
Ing at him keenly.
"I do." replied the stranger. "I have
every day for tea years prayed tor «*'«
meeting, that I might *frfcnft you."
"Thank me!" starting, "and for what
please? Oh!" sha cried. "I— I do know
you, now. You are my picture. X have It
yet In a tiny frame. You who saved me
when I was a little girl. So often I have
wondered, dreamed that I might some
time see you again. And here you are."
"Yes, her* I am," solemnly, with his '
hands clasped behind *>*m "I have had
a talk with your father. He has given
me permission to tell you my story— If— if
you car* to hear It."
"Of course, I do." Allena's cheeks wer*
glowing. "Let us sit down. Dear me! I
don't even know your name." W
"Shipman. Tod Shipman of Colorado
Springs."
"Oh!" she gazed at him interestedly.
"That day." began the man, his ton*
reverent, "the trustful embrace of a little
child turned my steps. During all my
struggle her face has been ever before me
—an inspiration. I have been true to It.
It has been my one thought to live and
work for this date, this anniversary, that
I might tell her what she did. You do not
seem strange to me. but as I expected to
find you. Good-by! May God bless you."
, "But you will come again!" cried the
girl, giving him her hands as he rose.
"If I do," the deep voice trembled, "you
—you will understand."
The fair head drooped and nodded al
most imperceptibly. Her fingers tight
ened on his. He bent his lips to them, and
stepped softly away.
"Mrs. Todd Shipman." murmured Al
lena. as the heard the front door dose.
"Quite an attractive name."
"Thank you for that, missy," he said.
as he locked up with tears In his eyes.
Tou'll have to ro, but don't be humil
iated. Some of the men have been hint-
(C pyrlght. '¦• ""¦ b J' T - CL McClure.)
T was really the ser
i. **arfy P**nt'« fault from the
VftPv^i ''f l! *" plnnln P H * had been
uV'^'^v* f ' nt out on the moun *
T N ?*J: , t3 *" road to protect the
r^/jAJCN ,'e*ti**n laborers who
> .y-f' were cutting telegraph
r»^l«*». and he had sat
him" ' ' ' n ri ' h h!s back to a rock and
j a i f -•••' There waa danger from
_ fi . ; g Indians, but he had posted no
, . • 'V^V'-'T ¦'¦•-¦' " v '. "¦¦'¦.'
ricKf : -~
Privaf* H. can i\-r* a n»w recruit who
h»£ r- -wr sf*en a hostile warrior, and he
ehouM have been warned how to act in
ce j., . f ;tn attack.. Two hours had passed
Quietly away vhrn ten Eloux warriors
•j'j: : ¦•" the party. They attacked sud
denly «nd with whoops and yells, and the
sergeant's guard was thrown Into a panic
s-afi ran away. All rallied after a short
fight— al! but Hogan. He was thoroughly
frlghic-ned and continued his flight for a
mile. Then his Irish courage returned
and he forced his legs to take his body
back, and he arrived just In time to help
his comrades out of a bad fix. A citizen
ajzi a soldier had been killed and a second
Midler wounded, and Sergeant Davleon
Quaked as he thought of the report he
oust make to his colonel. There was only
cae way to excuse his carelessness and he
seized upon it.
In due course of time Private Hogan
was court martlaled for cowardice. He
bad run away from the enemy and left
his comrades to fight It out. True, they
fr«* run also, headed by the sergeant, and
It was also true that Hogan returned at
• critical stage and fought well, but fhe
sergeant riled It on to him at the trial
and made out a bad case against him. He
Bust save his neck by putting the rope
around another's, and the sentence was
that Private Hogan be dismissed from the
irsy for cowardice.
Two weeks later he was escorted to the
gate cf the fort one afternoon and toTd
to go. As he left the rate the disgraced
man turned toward Wolf Creek and
walV:e;l away without once looking back.
Be had made a poor defense, but he knew
that he was no coward and that he had
been sacrificed to save the sergeant. To
be thus dismissed from the army meant
that he must get out of the country. As
a branded coward even the squaws of the
half breeds would be licensed to eplt upon
him.
Tb"ere was but one house at the crossing
cf Wolf Creek— that of the Widow
Thompson. She had lived there with her
daughter Mary, now a girl of 20. for three
or four years past, furnishing meals to
the teamsters and being the only post
master for marjf miles around. Several
soldiers at the »*fort were "sweet" on
Mary, but Sergeant Davleon was sup
posed to have the call over them all. His
terra of service would be out In less thaa
a year and in his own mind be arranged
to marry Mary and settle down on the
ranch. It had been long since the Sioux
raided up Smoky Valley, but there was
- no telling when they might come again,
and a beacon had been prepared by the
soldiers for the women to light In case
they needed help night or day.
When Hogan reached the postofflee he
sat dewn on the doorsteps and let his
chin fall Into his hands and did some
thir.klng. By and by the girl came out
and found him there. She had heard of
his trial and sentence and she pitied him.
"I suppose you despise me, the same as
the rest?" he said as he knew of her
presence, but without locking up.
"You have been drummed out?" she
queried In turn.
"Aye! drummed out and disgraced for
ever. I'm more of an object of contempt
than a squaw man. Why don't you order
rse to go on?"
"See here. Hogan, I'm sorry for you,"
she said as she laid a hand on his arm.
"You ralght have lost your head for a
time, but that wasn't cowardice."
as she waved her hand In gay farewell tha
train pulled out of the station.
The world seemed suddenly flat to him,
"And I didn't get her London" address!"*
he exclaimed aloud, as his stupidity
dawned upon him. "Well, I'll be hanged!"*
Two years later the servants of Fair
acre received notice from their youni
mistress of her Intention of opening the
house for a few weeks. The old place
had been closed since her early childhood.
Tears rose In her eyes as she was driv
rn up to her own door. How well she
remembered the quaint supporting pillars,
Ing to me that you might have made a
stronger defense at the trial."
"Yes, I could have said more," he
mused as he nodded his head, "but a
scapegoat was wanted and I was new to
the company and had no chums. "Miss
Mary, I'm a mind to—. -6ut let it go.
I'm citizen Hogan, the coward, and will
be till I'm 600 miles away and among men
who'll never hear of this. If they'd only
have sent me to the guardhpuse for six
months and Elven me another chance!"
"Don't fret over it," soothed the girl.
"But to call me a coward— me, an Irish
man—and to prove it against me! I can't
abide It. missy— I can't do it. Jf I only
had another show I'd make 'em sing a
different tune. I'm disarmed and dis
graced and turned out, but I'd go for the
Sioux with a club if the Lord would only
send 'em this way."
"But that can't happen, and I'm telling
you—"
She was interrupted by shouts and shots
and the clatter of hoofs and next moment
the soldier mall rider appeared around the
bend of the road forty rods below. He
was lying down and clinging to his horse's
neck, and behind him were twenty hos
tiles on their ponies.
"Into the house, missy— In for God's
sake!" eboutcd Hogan as he sprang up
and pushed her before him and barred
the door.
A Winchester rifle hung on the wall In
the public room and almost before tho
girl and her mother could realize what
had happened Hogan had fired from a
window and tumbled the leading Indian
off his pony. At that same instant the
horse of the mall rider fell at the door
and his wounded owner was flung to tho
earth.
"I've baited the red devils for a, mo
ment." said Hogan to the women, "and
now to get the man In before they lift
his scalp. Take the rifle and cover me
as I make a dash." • . *
A score of bullets were flred at him by
the circling Indians as he sprang from tha
door and seized the wounded man and
bore him Inside, but he escaped them all.
The mall rider was a soldier from his own
company and had been shot in the back
as he rode. When stretched on the floor
Inside and whisky forced between his
teeth he opened his eyes and looked
about him and said:
"^id this Is you, Hogan, the man they
call a coward! Damn me, but there's not
a man in the fort with your pluck! Jt
was thrown away, though, as I haven't
got an hour to live. The Sioux arc on
the warpath again and there's twenty In
the party out yonder. Nothing can save
you here— not even the signal flre."
It was 3 o'clock of a June afternoon
when the Indians appeared, and all thn:
long afternoon, with the mail rider lying
dead In the house, Hogan and the women
stood the warriors off. There were three
different rushes, but each one was hand
ccmely repulsed with rifle and revolvers.
But from various points encircling the
house there was a hostile flre, which
made a sieve of the adobe and wounded
all three of the defenders. It was when
darkness was drawing down that the
Coward said:
"When night nets In they'll have Us for
sure. I must light the signal flre. Hold
the door for me, missy, and the mother
must cover me from the window. If I go
down, then God take care of you."
No man could ever figure out how it was
done, with the redskins thick about the
house and on the watch for just such a
move, but Hogan dodged past them and
fired the beacon and regained the house,
though struck by two bullets as he en
tered It. It was Ms end. He looked up
with a smile as Mary held his hand, and
his last words were:
"I wanted a chance, and the Lord gave
it to me."
The Indians fled as the signal flre blazed
up. and half an hour later Sergeant Davl
eon and six troopers rode up to find the
two wounded women weeping over the
dead.
"This Is Haggerty, the mall rider." said
the sergeant, as he looked at the first
corpse, "but who may this be In citizen's
dress and with three or four wounds?"
"That/* said Mary, as she looked up
through her tears, "that Is Hogan the
Coward— a better man than you ever will
be."
She smiled into the honest eye*, so like
those bf the child In the picture- "Yes,"
she said, "for the sake of littl* David's
successor."
The last day came, and David walked
over for a farewell visit. Ha found Patty
alone on -the vine-shaded porch. John
was away on business, she explained.
"Never mind." David said cheerfully, "It
Is you I wish to seel" Her clear eyes
were raised to his inquiringly.
"Will you keep your word?" he said
gently, "and take me?"
"My word!" she murmured, wonder
lngly.
"Yes; before I saw you I heard you
tell Lizzie that you were corning down
stairs and you would take me yourself."
There was a mischievous light la Ms eye
now.
Patty's face Gushed. "You know I didn't
mean — " she began.
He Interrupted her anxiously. "But you
will take me. dear— on trial— for the sake
of little David?"
"Yes." that's so; but since then" (and
he glanced quickly at Patty) "I've made
other arrangements. My brother and I
are partners and Jim Is willing that X
should have my summer vacation now."
"Oh I" Patty cried. "I'm so glad!
Aren't you, John?"
v "Yes," he said heartily, but this sudden
change of plans made him suspicious.
David made good use of those four
weeks. His grandmother laughingly Ac
cused him of spending half, of his vaca
tion with the Sayblns.
"Twenty-seven," Patty answered, de
murely, and John exploded with laughter.
"No good pretending. Patty," he cried,
"better show him all of my old posses
sions. Including the trundle bed, but we'll
not ask him to occupy It."
The morning of the golden wedding
dawned clear and bright. It was a day
filled with happiness for all who gathered
at the old home. At 10 that night David
Terrell gave John and Patty a full account
of "the gathering of the clans," as he
called It. In conclusion, he said. "I shall
have to ask you to keep me another night,
but after that there will be room for me
at Elm Dale."
"I thought you said you must go to
morrow!" John exclaimed.
Late In the evening they adjourned to
the dining-room for a little lunch. Patty
had forgotten the high chair and Its ac
companiments, and It was with a feeling
of dismay that she saw their visitor's
eyes traveling in that direction.
"Are these things for my use?" he ask
ed laughingly.
"What things?" Patty said Innocently.
"This high chair, tin tray and so on."
"Oh," she said, with a guilty glance
at John. "Those belong to my brother.**
John stared at her In amazement. HI*
face grew crimson with suppressed mirth,
v.hen Mr. Terrell said, "How old Is your
little brother?"
like the little fellow's. "I am glad that
you came." she said hospitably. "My
brother and I are often lonely, and John
will be delighted to entertain some one of
his own axe. I hear him coming now."
and aha rose. and went to the door to
meet him. "John." David heard her say,
"Mr. Terrell la here."
"Mr. Terrell ?" the answer came, "and
who is he. Patty T'
"Hush! He'll hear us; It Is little Da
vid. Don't laugh so loud, John!" 8he
slapped her hand Into his and led him to
the sitting-room, and in the few min
utes the three young people were on the
short road to friendship.
high chair and trundle bed* were brought
down from the attic and dusted. Lizzie,
the good-natured girl In the kitchen, made
some little. round cakes and Patty frosted
them and put a pink "D" on the top of
two or three. When evening came every
thing was In readiness for the expected
guest. The tin waiter and tiny knife, fork
and plate were on the dining-room table,
and the little rocker held out Us welcom
ing arms in the sitting-room. An old
rocking horse (that had been John's Irmg
ago) waited. patiently for its gallant rider,
and a little woolly dog stood on three legs
with an air of expectation.
The day had been a long one to Patty.
At 7 o'clock she was rearranging: the fur
niture In little David's room when the
doorbell ran*. She went to the head of
the stairs and called to Lizzie.
"Hurry. Lizzie!" she cried, ."they've
brought little David over. Take him into
the sitting-room and amuse hint. I'll be
down in a few minutes." She flitted back
to her work and did not hear Lizzie's ex
clamation of . astonishment when she
opened the door and saw a big. broad
shouldered man standing there. Probably
he had overheard Patty's Instructions to
the girl, for his eyes wero mil of laugh
ter, though he said soberly enough.
"Good evening. I am David Terrell. Miss
Saybln was expecting me, I believe?"
"Y-y-yes, sir," Lizzie stammered, "but
she wasn't expectln' Quite—" she paused
In embarrassment.
"Quite as much of me?" he .asked,
laughingly.
Lizzie giggled and led the way Into the
sitting-room. The little chair held out Us
welcoming arms In vain to this guest. Da
vid Terrell's eyea rested at onco upon the
rocking horse and woolly d'osr and his ex
pression momentarily grew more cheer
ful.
"Were these— ahem— these preparations
made In my honor?" fie- asked Lizzie. But
before the girl could answer a sweet voice
came from the upper landing; "Are you
amusing him, Lizzie?"' Lizzie giggled
hysterically.
"Tell her you are." the young man
•whispered. "Yes"!:!," she called In muf
fled tone* from behind her apron,
i "Show him the picture books," the voice
went on. "and If the little fellow Is tired
take him up la your lap."
Lizzie stepped Into the lower hall and
turned her laughing face up to her mis
tress. "Please, ma'am, I can't," she said,
•Td hate to try."
"I'm ashamed of you!" the Indignant
reply came. "I'll come right down and
take him myself."
Lizzie had fled to the kitchen and there
waa the Quick click of heels on the stairs.
Then David Terrell saw a pretty picture
framed In the wide doorway. Miss Patty
stood there with surprise and. disappoint
ment plainly written on her expressive
face.
"Where— where Is—" she began In a
bewildered way.
David came forward. "I don't know
where be Is," he said. "lf I did. Td get
him for you. Miss Saybln."
"You?" «he asked.
"Yes, I'm little David's successor. Will
you forgive me for growing older and
larger. Miss Saybln?"
For a moment the sensitive mouth quiv
ered—«he bad anticipated so much. Then
she held out her hand and said with a
smile, "I suppose you can't help It, but
you don't look much like your picture."
"Oh, that's ltl Grandmother showed
you that small boy photo, did she?"
Patty nodded and smiled again. After
all, this David had pleasant eyes, Quito
THE SUNDAY CALL.
By Elliott Walker.
5
PRIVATE HOGAN, COWARD.Mr. Cutcllffe Hyne. the creator " of
Thompson, whose "Progress" has amused
a good many readers this past summer,
has been the subject of a photographic
interview In the Ljmdcn Sketch. He
stands nearly 6 feet 4, and has been an
athlete from his- Cambridge. days, when
he rowed on his colleg-j eight. From
school days he determined to be a writer
of stories of travel and adventure, but
he worked bard for six years, .writing
continuously, before he was able to make
£60 a year by his pen. Nearly all of his
time is spent outdoors, between catching
his own breakfast in his own trout
stream, shooting his own dinner on his
own moors, working In his own garden or
"Ten Thousana a Year," the ever popu
lar novel which our fathers read and
which we have read upon the advice of
our fathers, has come out In a new. dress
and makes a new bid for popularity. Cy
rus Townsend Brady, the prolific-' writer
of good stories, has recognized in the old
tale matter as well suited to present day,
needs as it was fifty years ago. and has
abridged and raised Dr. Samuel Warren's
book under the name of "Tittlebat Tit
mouse." To the text have been added so
many illustrations from the pencil of Will
Crawford that the good old. story which
made its first appearance In Blackwood's
Magazine In 1839 will hardly know itself
In this Its twentieth century reincarna
tion. . : . : ' . - : . - :" ; ' '¦¦¦
In an introduction . Mr. Brady. - thus
gives his reasons for giving the old story
a new dress and his appreciation of tne
good points In the rare old tale:
"I first read 'Ten Thousand a Year* In
Stewart Edward White's new book,
"The Forest," is a series of chapters on
life In the woods In which fact and fic
tion have been combined ¦, with a literary
art and. knowledge of - men ; and nature
which will appeal to air men and women
and boys and girls, who love outdoor life
and well told stories of adventures.. The
author writes from . the depths of many
years of experience in woods . life. The
thread on which the chapters of the book
are strung Is the story of a thousand
mile canoe" trip through the, wilds of
Northern Michigan and Canada. . In ad
dition to stories of experiences and ad
ventures oil .the "long trail" ; there ', are
practical . Instructions, in '"'., woodcraft,
sketches of the ' habitants and woods In
dians of the .Canadian provinces, and
genial philosophizing, on many of the
phases of life ' in i the • great woods. The
titles of some of the chapters will Indi
cate the great ' variety ' In the author's
treatment of - the subject: "The Science
of Going Light," "On Lylnjf "Awake at
Among the Putnams' fall publications a
particularly Interesting work Is "The Life
of Voltaire," by S. G. Tallentyre, whose
brilliant study, "The Women of the Sa
lons," was received a few years ago with
the greatest. favor. .Especially with read
ers of the younger generation, Voltaire Is
becoming more and more to be merely a
name. This book, written in a bright,
telllnc style, portrays the character of
Voltaire with truth and sympathy, and
should arouse a fresh Interest In the great
mind who turned the. trend of Europe.
The author Justly acknowledges the Ines
timable services which Voltaire rendered
to ths world, services which are often for
gotten. by many ' who : think of Voltaire
only as the ? arch-heretic. ,:
--Novel readers, -book reviewers and liter
ary critics have been asking each other.
"Who Is Philip Payne?'' iHls recent novel
of. Chicago life and American politics en
titled : "The Mills : of Man'' : Is - being , read
and . talked about • in * every large ' city In
the country. Some reviewers have cred
ited the book to Mr. Will Payne.* the au
thor . of "On the Road ; to Fortune" and
similar stories of Chicago ' business "' life.
Some Side Lights
Upon What the
Writers Jlre Doing
Nobody thought of having an American
girl born in Japan and rearing her there
under Japanese conditions until Onoto
Watanna did this in her new novel, "The
Heart of. Hyacinth." The result Is
"a fascinating compound of American
beauty and Japanese , education." as a
New York reviewer describes Hya
cinth. Did the Japanese author be
lieve the crowning glory for an American
girl could be acquired through education
In the tender and ger.tie ways of Jap
anese women? Who ever heard of a Jap
anese woman kowtowing before her lord
and master with a* pretty petition to be
allowed to vot»? Yet If Hyacinth had
been born and reared In. Colorado or
Wyoming she might have done this, and
in that case would she have been such a
fascinating compound? What Is a "fas
clnatlng compound" In woman?
"Napoleon Bonaparte— A History Writ
ten for Boys," by William C. Sprague,
which first appeared in the American
Boy, will be published at an early date
by the A. Wessels Company. The author
has selected the Incidents which attract
and Interest boys and history has not been
distorted merely to add interest to the
narrative. A number of good reproduc
tions of famous paintings Illustrating Na
poleon's career have been Inserted, which
makes altogether a volume Interesting,
Instructive and attractive.
In "The Backgrounds of Literature,
the latest work to come from the pen
of Hamilton Wright Mabie. is at the
same time a noteworthy contribution to
American criticism and a beautful addi
tion to any library shelf. The work con
tains a series of chapters upon Words
worth, Scott. Irving, Walt Whitman and
others In which Mr.- Mabie endeavors to
follow out In these specific Instances the
esthetic law of the effect of environment
upon art.. He shows how the beautiful
lake country of Westmoreland colored
the genlous of Wordsworth; how Scott
drank in his poetry from the hills and
glades of Abbotsford. What were the
Highlands to Washington Irving and the
hills of Massachusetts, to Emerson are
the questions which Mabie has set him
self to expound In this series of literary
studies. • . •
The book Is beautifully printed at the
De Vlnne press and contains some excel
lently finished illustrations of typical
scenes about the homes of the authors
discussed.
(The Outlook Company,. New York; Il
lustrated. Price, $2.) •".¦¦
OWEN KILDARE. ex-pugillst. ex
"bouncer" for Bowery dives and
emancipated street brat, has writ
ten a story in "My Mamie Rose" which is
well worth the reading. It has a unique
place In bookdom In that It Is the only
true picture of the life of the other half
In New York, for it Is written by one
who was of the other half. The author
has only to review his own life in the
slums of the metropolis and thus uncon- ,
sciously give a picture of correctness of
detail v.hich cannot be caught by those
who go down into the tenements, strive
earnestly though they may.
VMy Mamie Rose" is not a novel. It Is
the stralghtf orward Btory of the regen
eration of Owen Kildare, who. at the age
of 30. could not write his name nor read
anything besides the black headlines of
the papers he had once peddled; who had
fought forty-round "goes" with hood
lums In the back rooms of Bowery sa
loons; who had been a "steerer" for con
fidence men and dlvekeepers. It Is a
work of heartfelt appreciation dedicated
to the woman who had used her Influence
In drawing the Bowery tough Into higher
and sweeter planes of life and setting
him upon a career of probity and useful
ness.
Klld&re thus defines the purpose of his
book: "To tell the plain truth about
men and things as I saw them In the
homes of the tenements; to show that
often their hearts hunger more than their
stomachs." With this end in view Kil
dare proceeds to give his reader an un
varnished picture of life in. the East Side
—brutal even at times, but terribly con
vincing. How the street waif has to
fight for his crust; how the hoodlum has
to "graft" for his dally potions of beer,
the grimness and sordldness of tt all Is
told In a style to which the author had
to school himself when a man almost In
middle life. . ; . . ';
The author tells with touching grate
fulness of his meeting with the little col
lege settlement school teacher, who was
to be the Instrument of his regeneration,
of the healthful influence which she ex
erted over him and finally of the primer
lessons which he learned at her direction.
The story of the death of the woman who
bad led him up from the tenements and
who was within a week of her end to be
his wife, Kildare, tells with a sentiment
which falls from the pen of an ex-prize
fighter with a sweetness little short of
the marvelous.
"My Mamie Rose" Is a strong book.
Owen Kildare is a very strong man. To
him and to his book much praise Is due.
(Baker & Taylor Company, New York;
illustrated. Price, $1 60.)
/r Is usually considered a. dangerous
thing for an author to revive a char
acter or write a sequel. Too often
the demand of the book readers
prompts the writer to undo all of his
former success by making a character
"bleed to death." aa some critic charac
terized the fate of Barrle's boy hero In
"Tommy and Grizel." But F. Hopkinson
Smith has given ua that rare old Colonel
Carter again and he Is thrice welcome.
"Colonel Carter's Christmas" Is but a
little story, one of the first of the sea
son's Christmas books; but It Is dainty
and told with all of the skill that Is Hop
kinson Smith's.
Colonel Carter is undeniably the best
of Mr. Smith's creations. Nobody else
save Thomas Nelson Page could draw
such a charming sketch of the rare old
Southern cavalier, penurious In the evil
days which have come upon him since
the war, of unbending honor and yet so
full of genial kindliness and the courtly
grace of the old school. Like Page, Smith
writes of a type fast fading before the
advance of time and circumstance, but
he fixes him as a permanent figure In
American fiction, lovable and dear to the
hearts of the reader as old Colonel New
come.
In his latest story about the old Vir
ginian the author has adopted the trick
of contrast to throw h'.s character into
the light. Opposed to the simple gener
osity and almost childlike ingenuousness
of Colonel Carter is the carefully drawn
portrait of Mr. Klutcbem, the money
blinded, sordid old New York stock gam
bler. Throughout the greater length of
the tale these two characters are brought
Into sharp clash. By the grasping, intol
erant nature of the one, the fiery. In
domitable EPirit of the other Is thrown
Into the fore.
But a Christmas story must not be
unpleasant and from the battle of the
stock exchange Hopkinson Smith there
fore shifts the last chapters of his little
tale to the interior of Colonel Carter's
modest yet cherry little abiding place In
the great metropolis. Here the colonel
Is st bis best and his rare good heart
permits of his receiving as a Christmas
guest the man whom he had formerly
fcwern to call out on the field of honor.
Rarely has any author given a scene
eo simple and yet eo delicate in Its sig
nificance as that of- the lighting of the
Christmas candles. To read this Is to
hope that there are a few Colonel Car
ters In real life whose sterling hearts
beat for all that Is true and noble in what
too often seems a sordid world.
(Charles Ecribnrr's Sons. New York.
Illustrated In color by Yohn. Price Jl 60.)
JTRANGE It is that In the revival of
the romantic in story telling, which
had Its inception with Weyman's
first works, the new school did not as a
rule go as far back Into the days of chiv
alry as Sir Walter Scott, their great pre
cursor. We have had stories of Cavalier
and Roundhead galore, tales of Richelieu
and the Bourbons and colonial plots ad
nauseam, out, into the days of , Ivanhoe
our modern * romanticists have rarely
a.pp*»«1. "Uther and Ingralne," a novel by
Wat ck Deeping, has supplied the va
cant/. . '
Taking the period of the great wars
with the Saxons, before King Arthur's
time even, Mr. Deeping has projected a
stirring story against the background of
rapine and conquest. The hero of the
novel. "Uther," a dim, seml-hlstorical,
semi-mythological personage of the sto
ried valor of a Beowulf, Is displayed by
the author as a figure of striking person
ality, endowed with a heroic sense of
patriotic obligation to his folk. The her
oine Is an Impassioned and beautiful crea
ture, half wild, yet wholly "womanly.
The story of her battle against the tragic
temperament which she has Is stirringly
told.
Movement there Is to the story, ro
mance and action, too, but without any
sacrifice to the dramatic interest of the
tale there Is a subtle,' poetic effect which
brings to mind that other strong tale of
chivalry, "The Forest Lovers." The novel
has a refreshing note of the wild, and
primitive In I* which comes as a pleasant
relief to the monotony of'court furbelows
and colonial Indian fights which has been
these many seasons oppressing us.
(The Outlook Company, New York; Il
lustrated; price Jl 60.)
"Pa Gladden" Is a story of a simple
man told in a simple style by Elizabeth
Cherry Waltz. Very like "Eben Hol
den"-In ' places, reminding one at times
of "David . Harura," this recountal
of the simple life of a plain old man yet
has something new and refreshing In It.
It breathes of the sweet, God fearing life
of the country, far removed from the
crash and brassiness of the great cities.
Only . a slender thread of plot . . runs
through the book, lust enough upon
Tvhlchito. hang the character delineation
of Pa Gladden. We are shown the sim
ple generosity and. kindliness of the child
less old man and his wife toward all.
"Pa's" harness never galls his horses,
nor Is his door closed to the homeless.
Mingled with his homely humor and sim
ple sentiment there Is a naive belief In
the supernatural which cas^s over the
character the quaint light of old time su
perstition.
"This- is a aueer old world." says Pa
Gladden, "but God made a few of the
folks In It.*-' The world and the Almighty
are the two mainsprings of the old gen
tleman's life. The world for the good
that he, can do in It and the i^mlghty In
whose trust he does it.
(The Century Company, New. York.
Price Jl 60.)
NewBooksIieceived
ON THE WE-A TRAIT*. Carolina
Brown; Macmlllan Ca., New York; filu*
trated; price SI 60.
THE FOREST, Stewart Edward WWUI
The Outlook Co., New York; Ulu#*nU*di
price II 60.
TITTLEBAT TITMOUSE, Cyrus T*w»
send Brady; Funk A Wa«nalls, N«W
York: Illustrated; price C 60.
TVT AM^t-T-t 5 FIFINE, Eleanor AtH>
son; D. AppUton & Co., New York; Or*
lustrated.' price » 60.
THE CHASM. Reginald Wright KsaS-^
man and Edward Chllds Carpentor; D.
Appleton & Co.. New York; prlooR B.
COLONEL. CARTER'S CHRISTMAS.
F. Hopkinson Smith; Scrtbners, Ne«
York; Illustrated; price $1 60.
MY MAMIE ROSE, Owen Kildaro: Tbm
Baker & Taylor Co., New York; Illus
trated ; price $1 50.
UTHER AND IGRAINE. Wanrlc*
Deeping: The Outlook Co.. New York; Il
lustrated; price $1 60.
THE BLACK CHANTER. NimjB&a
Christie; Macmlllan Co.. New York; prlc«
MY WONDERFUL. VISIT, Elizabeth
Hill; Scribners, New York; Illustrated.
P THE AWAKENING OF THE DUCH
ESS. Frances Charles; Little. Brown *
Co., Boston; Illustrated. .,____, „«.«
INDIANS OF THE PAINTED DES
ERT REGION. George W»s*W n J'lnes.
Little. Brown & Co.. Boston; »«£»*•*:
PHOENIXIANA. John Kendrick Bangs.
D. Appleton & Co.. New York; illus
tf Sffi P insiSe M - history ok thb
CARNEGIE STEEL COMPANY. J H.
Bridge; The Book-Lover Press; tlluaX
SON. G T. F; Nuno
William Burgess; The Winona Publlsh
'"hOW* TO^STUDY ARCHITECTURE.
Russell Sturgls: The Baker & Taylor Co..
New York: illustrated: price « 60.
A LIBERAL EDUCATION AND A
LIBERAL FAITH. Charles F. Thwing;
The Baker & Taylor Co., New York;
price $1 00.
THE MODERN SPEECH NEW TES
TAMENT, Richard Francis Weymouth;
The Baker & Taylor Co., New York;
price $1 00.
RECIPROCITY. Laughlln & Willis;
The Baker & Taylor Co.. New York.
JOY AND POWER. Henry Van Dyke;
.Thomas Y. Crowell & Co., New .York;
price 73 cents.
THE OBSERVER.' Louis J. Stlllman;
Whltaker & Ray Co.. San Francisco. x
STATISTICIAN AND ECONOMIST for
October; L. P. McCarthy, publisher, Saa
Francisco.
Bowery Boy Tells
the Story of His
Regeneration
Briefer Notices
of Publications
Just From Press
my early youth," says Brady. "The im
pression It made upon me was a lasting
one: and when I happened to re-read It
last year I found that the pleasure It had
given me before was enhanced by a sec
ond perusal. Yet there were so many
parts of the story which added little to
the Interest, in fact which detracted from
it. It was loaded with detail and clogged
with sentiment; Its course was halted by
legal disquisitions and moral reflections
which spun it out to an Interminable
length. It seemed to me that It would
be a more readable book and therefore
much more, likely to regain a wide circu
lation among readers of the present If it
were stripped of Its verbiage and re
duced to something like reasonable llm
(Funk & Wagnalls, New York; Illustrat
ed. Price, $1 60.)
Hopkinson Smith
Once More Gives
Us Colonel Carter
Mrs. Mary E. Wllkins-Freeman, whose
"Pembroke," "Jerome," and other stories
are known -far and wide among the best
In the language, has had some curious
psychological experiences In writing them.
For Instance, she once wrote a story of
a man who sat on the church steps be
cause he had a grievance and was too
angry to enter. After it was published
the author was lnformed^to her surprise,
that such an incident had actually oc
curred. Then, again, when Mrs. Wllkins-
Freeman wrote "Silence," which Is a story
of the Deerneld massacre, she learned
after Its appearance that a woman named
Silence- had actually lived In Deerneld
at the time, and one of her descendants
asked Miss Wilklns If the story had been
written of her; but the author had known
nothing about her. Another still more
uncanny example was the following: In
"The Little Maid In the Door," a short
story of the Salem witchcraft period, Mrs.
Wllkins-Freeman had placed a turn In
the road at a certain house described In
the. story, and afterward discovered that
there was a turn In the old road at that
identical point.
The first edition of Mr. John Morl«y*«
"Life of William Ewart Gladstone" wa
sold out before publication, and th« mo
ond edition Is now ready.
Thomas Dixon's "One Woman" ha» sol*
70,000 In six week* and "Tbo Leopar4*«
Spots" Is piling up thousands la tfc* s*x
ond 100.000.
Adrian Hoffman Jollne, author of "The
Meditations 'of an Autograph Collector,"
has written another volume of delightful
chat about books— of authors, collectors,
fine bindings, odd and curious editions of
sundry works and many anecdotes — which
the Harpers are publishing uniform with
the "Meditations." The new book Is en
titled "The Diversions of a Book Lover."
Mr. Jollne Is a partner in the New York
law firm of Butler, Notman, Jollne Sc
Mynderse. Mr. Butler, now dead, was
the famous author of "Nothing to Wear."
Mr. Jollne is a member of the University,
Century, Grolier, Princeton and other
clubs and of the 'American Bar Associa
tion State Bar Association and New York
City Bar Association. He belongs also
to the New York, Virginia and New Jer
sey Historical societies.
with the years, some lose their point by
the change of customs or the trend of
popular thought, but the wit of "Phoe
nlxiana" is as fresh after Its years of
desuetude as it was on the day when it
glinted from the pages of the inky old
newspapers. He has burlesqued even the
medium for the expression of his own
wit — the penny-a-liner — as fruitful a
source of caricature In our own day as
then. He gives us exaggerated literary
and dramatic criticisms. He distorts the
circumlocution of officialism and the dry
grubbings of scientific bodies In a man
ner as spontaneously rippling and fresh
with fun as anything of our modern hu
morists.
"Phoenlxiana" is not like anything else
in American humor. It has not the coarse
ness and horse play of "Artemus Ward":
It depends not upon down East dialect
and seedy grammar for its charm as did
"Eli Perkins": it does not carry a polit
ical sting as do the writings of "Petro
leum V. Nasby," or the classic "Blgelow
Papers" of Lowell. Though not of the
grade of Mark Twain's immortal writ
ings, the papers of "John Phoenix" have
much the same stamp. They depend upon
burlesque and exaggeration for their
mirthful qualities. Like Twain's fun,
the laugh in "Phoenlxiana" is a frankly
hearty one and has no trace of sneer.
The author Is caught In his most prank
ful mood In the opening skit of the vol
ume, which purports to be the report of
Professor John Phoenix upon the recon
noissance of the possibilities of a railroad
route from San Francisco to Mission Do
lores. This uproarious piece of humor
detailing the movements of a surveying
party which marches down Kearny street
as. If traversing a Siberian wilderness Is
not exceeded by anything in American
humor. One feels like lying down and
taking a roll when he reads of the ef
forts of Dr. Heavysterne to compute the
time of day by watching the transit of
the 6un across the nve bars of a grid
iron. Or again the reader goes off into
floods of tears when "John Phoenix"
gravely reports upon the soundings of the
Kearny street mud in bad weather.
With "Phoenix" Installed as the editor
of an Imaginary San Diego Herald, the
reader is treated to a burlesque on stren
uous journalism, of the old school very
much like Mark Twain's Inimitable sketch
of "Journalism In Tennessee." The old
reader of "Phoenlxiana" will tell you that
the persistence of the Jovial army lieu
tenant in dubbing the city of the south
"Sandyago" won him some bitter ene
mies. Perchance some of the encounters
of "John Phoenix," the editor, had more
foundation In fact than would appear at
first' sight. ' '; '.
In fact," the story, Is current that young
Lieutenant Derby came near court-mar
tial as the result of his irrepressible hu
mor. . As the tale goes, when Jefferson
Davis was Secretary of War he sent to
the engineers of the army In California
for suggestions as to the most feasible
method of transporting artillery over the
mountains. The hare brained "John Phoe
nix" forwarded to the fiery Southern Sec
retary a very grave suggestion, illus
trated by charts, which urged that each
private should be provided with a leather
seat to his trousers having a hook at
tachment, so that In emergencies the com
mon fighting man could be. harnessed to
the cannons. .'
Derby escaped with nothing more than
a severe reprimand, however, and lived
to do effective service In engineering work
on the coast of Florida before his death
In 1861. But his lighthouses cannot be
better than his book. Completely rfS ar ;
nished in a modern dress and furbished
up by clever drawings by Kemble. "Phoe
nixiana" enters the modern book mart, as
a new book. -'-¦<_ . »;,
(D. Appleton & Co., New York. Illus
trated by Kemble. Price $2.)
¦ In view of the probable consideration
of the question of financial legislation by
Congress this year, special interest will
attach to Mr, Wilbur Aldrich's new book,
"Money and Credit," published by The
Grafton Press. This is a simple but sci
entific work dealing with the principles
and history of . money and showing the
development of the rise and the nature
of, credit. The laws of the subject are
deduced from their, historical sources, one
by one. In order to establish clearly their
truth and the whole Is done with a terse
ness and lucidity of style that add a
striking merit. For the student, the man
of affairs, the banker and the legislator,
es well as for the average reader who de
sires to gain a knowledge of the underly
ing principles of banking and subjects al
lied thereto, "Money and Credit" is one
of the best works thus far published. As
a treatise on the subject of credit alone,
it is the most valuable work of its kind
In the English language.
Mr. Aldrich has written what he has
to say so simply and clearly that It is
easily within the comprehension of any'
one, whether versed in "monetary lore or
not. The work, which has recently been
revised to bring it thoroughly up to the
needs and conditions of to-day, has al
ready evoked words of approval from
members of the finance r committee of
Congress and from leading financial
journals. The lucidity of the exposition
and the soundness of the argument, to
gether with the simplicity of treatment,
should recommend this book to all think
ing persons, directly or indirectly Inter-;
ested In the economic aspects of finance.
(Grafton Press, New York.)
Others imagine tt has been written by
1-r. William Morton Paine, the author of
"Little Leaders." : We understand, how
ever, that "The Mills of Man" was really
written by Mr. Philip Payne, a Chicago
newspaper man, who in this book makes
hln entrance into fiction.
The story shows that Mr. Payne Is Inti
mately acquainted with the social and po
litical life of the great city and has the
power. to create characters that live and
move and fix themselves In one's mem
ory. The book Is particularly strong in
characterization, which Is a genuine
blessing : In these days of fictional plots
and counter plots. The reading public
will do well If it distinguishes between
the literary work of Mr. Philip Payne,
Mr." Will Payne and Mr. William Morton
Paine, all of Chicago, and all writing of
the life of the city.
around his estate. or*wr!tlne: stones wltn
pad and pencil under the trees. But his
Idea of fun is buffalo hunting In grass
twelve feet high, "when the sportsman
must shoot to kill or take his chance of a
rapid exit to eternity."
Doubleday. Page & Co. are publishing
the second volume In Professor Llddell's
large "Elizabethan Shakespeare," con
taining "The Tempest," and also they
are Issuing the first volume In a low
priced library edition fcr those who do
not want to buy the regular ed'.tlon,
which Mr. De Vinne declared to be one
of the finest books ever made In America,
rivaling William Morris' Kelmscott Press
Issues.
The same house has just brought out a
small book containing Professor William
H. Fleming's third series on "How to
Study Shakespeare." following the suc
cess of the other series both in the schooU
and with general readers.
Charles Major in his new novel. "X
Forest Hearth." has combined the strong
human appeal of such a perfect love
story as made his "When Knighthood
Was In Flower" so popular, with the at
mosphere of the untainted woods which
holds bis boy readers In "The Bears of
Blue River." The new book Is a breezy,
vigorous story of outdoor life, the life at
the men and women and boys and girls
who conquered "the great wilderness"
during the eighteen-thirtles. It Is pictured
with that especially intimate touch possi
ble only when an author's them* lies m
close to his heart aa those scenes cf- la
dlan history do to Mr. Major.
Night," "On Open Water Canoe Travel-
Ing," . "On Flies," "Th«» Catching of a
Certain Fish." "The Forest", is beauti-
fully illustrated with". a number of full
page drawings, one of which is In color,
-and decorations, by Thomas Fogarty, a
personal friend of the author and his
companion on - the trip . in ¦ question — who
has in fact collaborated with Mr. "White
in the production of a notable Illustrated
volume. .' " . • ;
(The Outlook Company, New York; il
lustrated. Price, Jl 60.)
/T ia only the old gray beards among
us who fmlle when they hear the
r.ame "Phoenixlana"; we of the
younger generation never knew wha.t It
was to count the days before another
on© of "John Phoenix**** squibs appeared.
Yet. in the good old days cf the 'i-0's, the
people of San Francisco used to look for
ward to a new story from the riotous pen
of "Phoenix" as did the Londoners sev
enty years ago when Pickwick Papers
were appearing serially.
John Kendrick Bangs, that rare hu
morist of to-day, hat caught the spirit of
fun in the old ante-bellum Jester and has
brought out "Phoer.lxiana" from the dus
ty, forgotten shelves of our grandfathers
to send its sparkle anew through a little
world. With a prefatory essay, in which
he pays fcigh tribute to the rich, rollick
ing humor of "Phoenlxiana," Bangs rec
ommends the old collection of sketches
end burlesques as a worthy volume to be
placed in the growing library of Ameri
can humor.
It was away bactf in the early '50' s that
Lieutenant George H. Derby came to
California with hi? detachment of the
United States Army. First he was
located in San Francisco, but later
was transferred to the army post at
San Diego. Before he had been on
the coast Fix months his fun began
to break through the 6evere restraints
of army discipline and the sketches
of "John Phoer.lx" began to appear
in the pioneer press of the time. By
their bubbling fun and riotous wealth
of humor the skits began to attract uni
versal attention among Callfornians and
in ISiS they were first collected into a
rough volume. "Pnoenixiana" then be
came a standby In every household and
was quoted la the streets. But with the
march of time and the influx of new
books, the once popular volume sank into
obscurity, where it has remained until its
present attractive form brings It again
before another generation. ,
The feature of Lieutenant Derby's droll
book which makes It of peculiar Interest
to Californlans is that the sketches are
all local. San" Francisco of early days,
the village of San Diego, the hamlets of
Iienicla. Sonoma and Oakland are made
the backgrounds for his humor and them
selves the butt of his healthy sarcasm.
Then, familiar men and women of the old
days, argonauts whose names are linked
with the history of the State, are twitted
In the light-hearted mirth of "John Phoe
nix," and their characters, to us rendered
auctere by the lapse of time and strength
of legend, are thrown into a ludicrous
though not absurd proportion through
the convexed lense of the mirthful "John
Phoenix."
Despite the fact, that the book was.
written fifty years ago and that its ref
erences were In the main local, one Is
impressed by the perennial quality of Its
humor. Some jokes grow old and faded
John Phoenix
Appears
In J\[eiv Garb
THE SUNDAY CALIi.
6
AMONG THE
AUTHORS AND
THEIR
BOOKS."And : knowing, this as you do,'* ; I said,
bursting 'with > natural indignation, v '."you
dare to : let ' yourself make love j to her, to
let her believe^'you honest——" ' , !
". -.'.'I i hold T. myself honest," he returned
quietly, r^.'^ .Vv. ••¦;:¦''>' •':" .V • -'•¦ ' ; ,f /¦•';, U ¦'. '..:-'
.' The i guilty • look,' on , his • face gave me
a sudden . insight . Into .the matter. Alas,
poor Alicia I This Innocent rustic belonged
to ' the '.very, class . of men ,; she most
abhorred!; He knew who she was, and ha
bad deliberately let her play ' her poor lit
tle play , before him." ' . '
"You know who' Miss "Alicia Gordon' Is?"
"Yes, rl .do,",ihe ; answered doggedly.
"She is Alicia Van Anderson, the heiress
and society ;.woman."* r . :
"I suppose," I said bravely, "that some
day you ; will be thinking of . marriage,
Just as they did once." - v
He shot a peculiar glance at me.
'. "And when * you "k do marry," ." I pursued,"
"of course,' you want everything, fair and
above board. You' want no chance for ill
feeling or: mischief-makers to creep '\be
tween ; you and \ your , wife ; because there
was any misapprehensions at the'begin
ning."'; •-. "¦ :¦ : ... c ¦ .'
; He turned red under his tan.
. "Misapprehension— how could there be—
what do you mean," anyway?'; .
I got him '¦{ off j on , a. day's, fishing,' and
as we came homeward I '. prepared my
appeal. , I led the conversation up to mar
riage by beginning to talk of home.
VYes, his father and mother were living,"
he said. "Yes,, the old folks did mlda
him, but he got an extra good chance to
get a job with Farmer Ketterer and he
guessed they, could stand It: a while
longer." . ~ . ',; -.-. ¦¦ ' . ..... ,.
. But I could not bear the 1 thought: of it
all.' At last— for I saw matters were ap
proachlngia .climax— I determined to ap
peal to RbbertsV.geheroslty. . :. , ,"- r ¦--
reasonably rood. Ho openly and frankly
adored Alicia, who proudly aired her
poverty 5 and exulted in her captlvatlon
of- a man .who must Indeed love her for
herself alone.
"You are down to have a look at the lay
of our, country?" \ suggested "Roberts,
holding out' a strong, tanned hand? and
nearly smashing mine in It. . -
As -he spoke : Alicia vanished. : She re
turned immediately with ¦ a ¦ huge : pan : of
green peas, . and ¦ seating ; herself , on ' the
step began shelling them as Industriously
as ; though her future > depended : upon • it.'
Roberts promptly, Joined bar, while I [ dls-'
contentedly dropped \ Into Alicia's t ham
mock. . Alicia ; was X toa utterly i unlike ; her
bored and ennuled self. She laughed. now/
In low ripples, and then lifted the, shining
ey es ' of - a child { to * Roberts' *. earnest % and
altogether too handsome face. It would
never do, , I ; told . myself,- to permit .'Alicia
to ; throw herself away on an uncongenial
rustic ¦¦. : ; - ; :¦ '• ,¦ : .,.;¦ ;.?.. ; . --'•¦¦, ..; : ¦*.
For \ thai next . two /.days' I •. criticized
Roberts fiercely, to;; myself. I "could! not
but admit* that' he : was ', manly,-' that 1 he
seemed 1 capable • of taking f on ; polish/: and
that his grammar, while not of the best
(he made breaks occasionally) . was
¦s. / — <^, ¦ J O you • mind . telling
1 **^|hj^~i>f^^ me," I said, looking
7r,|| ?$y^yl«\ ln 0P en wonder at
ISll^hllC®! Alfcla's calico gown
<*)!§ ivA'S'Jlf] an< 5 rural hat, "what
261 5 ou are wearing that
f'K. _ qtrrT^aqgVTmi "Doesn't it seem suit-.
able to a farmhouse In the country V. she
inquired, with obvious satisfaction in her
costume.'
"I can't see why white lawny stuff,
with embroidery and things, the kind you
usually wear, wouldn't be quite as unos
tentatious," I said, discontentedly. . .
Alicia leaned near . to ' me: ' Really she
ought not to put that klssable mouth of
hers so close to even a married man.
Then she whispered dramatically: "
"I'm poor— I've lost every cent!" :i
"What!" I cried, aghast. Alicia is not
fitted for, poverty.
"Sh! Not truly; you know. I'm making
believe. I want tb meet a few men and
know they, are not fortune hunters."
"Humanity Is more decent than . you
usually suppose it." I said, dryly. "There
are a few ripping good poor fellows in our
own set, untainted by aelfnseeklng,
though that guardian aunt of yours won't
let you believe it"
"Well, but here," said Alicia, with such
satisfaction that I knew at once' some ona
was on the tapis.' "Here one can be ab
solutely sure." .','¦'¦
"Whom have you met?" I ¦ asked
sternly.
"No one," said Alicia, obstinately. But
the next moment she, blushed rosily as a
tall, sun-browned young man came slowly
up the wide steps of the placza. A red
handkerchief knotted * around ' . his ';. col
umnar throat and a wide hat set slightly.
a- tilt gave a picturesque finish ', to ' him. I
am bound to admit he looked attractive.
"Mr. Roberts," said Alicia, "I want to
have < you meet my friend, Mr. ¦ - Hamlin
Johnson.;. His wife comes out to board
here next week.". ¦":.-,: .¦."•' ,*' '.,:."";.,'. ;!¦.>-
I ! turned } away,* laughing . still. A ; . turn
of the road f showed • me, on glancing side
wise, Alicia's pretty head reposing on the
fortune-hunter's breast,'"- .-K^T&^JBaJHSBSga
"But' how i on .earth—" I stammered
*'' "To \ ba : frank,"": said Robert Castleton,
composedly, : "I was sick \ot being • hunted
down " by? designing I women '% who * wanted
me for, their ugly daughters, or. for.them
selves. .If I hadn't seen Alicia once at the
opera* shej, would ¦; have ; deceived me., as
completely] as I t dld her.'.' ) '¦: J ;
* His simple, 'straightforward :/. manner,
the^ casting off ?of *eyeryj shred of the
rustic • as \ he \ talked : convinced ' ma wholly.
I • burst • into ; a • fit ¦ of ; ringing laughter.
;"Lord,*thls is good,',M choked: L**you two
flying 1 from v the fortune-hunters,* and then
making. what will prove the match "of the
season!" , '-.WBBi/OS^BBB3SBBKBKSmtM
;. We ,." both : . r cried '¦ s out in?, amazement.
Loosing Alicia he drew; out from an inner
pocket a locket '; set '¦ round with : rubles,
and," pressing tha ' spring, ~i showed ; us ; an
exquisite face,*- which I recognized at once.
"Myj mother," he said simply. '"And ; here
are .letters-rand, . of '.course, ¦. I;; can- offer
you all , the proofs you want by telegraph
, "Was my ~ poaa . much worse ¦ than
yours?" said;. her, lover coolly. "I am
Robert ; Castleton, and i my fortune, dear
child,' is double all ;you can count." v .:
"Love.mel" cried the' girL "Why
weren't you honest? You lived a* lie with
me!"i-^^JS^^fiSBsS^BHN83l
"Alicia," he said slowly,\ M aod pity you I
All I your. life you have - proved how sus
picion : Is T born of wealth. M That J horrible
taint, , suspicion,, blackens "- ; your,'- .whole
world. And yet, .God ; pity me, too,~ I can
understand how your soul has been soiled
by, this. I can pity, forgive and love
you!? •;." -.,'-,
"It r Is nothing,", cried the girl, "to find
that- you -have . been •" deceiving ¦ me all
along. ' That I you wanted the heiress, not
me? If you only had come to me .and
paid, 'Alicia, I know, about your_wretched
money, but I mean'to marry you in spite
of It,' then I. : would have respected you.
But you preferred ¦ to have me think you
took me for a simple country girl."
To- my ' Intense surprise i Roberts coolly
and audaciously caught both her hands in
his, fixing a . magnetic gaze full on ; her
face.-" ':: ...';. '..."_-.' :-\" .':. -..l_v •-"'¦. ¦/¦-."'-•'¦
cla to marry me, and she said she would
give me her answer to-night." -
"She will give it to you now!" cried a
clear voice,' and Alicia's own hand parted
the bushes near us. VOh, I know it's con
temptible to listen, but when your whole
happiness ' depends on it—"
* A little sob. choked her sentence. We
both sprang up and stood staring at her—
Roberts with a yearning intentness "of
gaze. I hopefully.
"I certainly trust,'-' he said slowly,.tak
ing off his hat and standing ; bareheaded
in .the . sunset ; rays, V'-'that nothing- 1 have
done.tMlss— "y. ,v-:.'c : j t ¦¦¦ : ','- ' -'"'
'¦¦¦ ' "Miss ! Van ' Anderson *. henceforth," she
said significantly and scornfully. -
s "That < nothing' I have • done. Miss Van
Anderson— t Z£&&m8j3S3!iW!&§l3$£
By Clinton Dan
ger field.
THE FORTUME HUNTER
The new Superintendent of Bridges took
hold promptly.' He - was * a good , enough
"Why?"
"I think I know why. Last time I. was
dewn the president brought his name up
and asked a lot of questions about where
he was educated, and so on. I gave him
tha facts— told him that Brodie had given
him his education as : an - engineer. .The
minute he found out he wasn't regularly
graduated ha froze up.. Very polite, .but
he froze up. See? Experience, . ' actual
acqulrements—nothiny— nothing — - noth
ing." ' . .
As be concluded Hailey, was climbing
behind his father into the smoker, j Num
ber " Two ¦ pulled down : the ": yard and ' out.
One thing Hailey meant 'to make sure of
—that they, shouldn't beat; him out; of .the
finish of the Spider bridge as : he '; had
planned ' It; ona monument Halley. meant
to have— one he has. aJsttMHrfflMsmBsWH
"I think I know why they did It," Bucks
eald slowly, "but! couldn't tell Halley."
"Ed," Halley raised his voice at the
foreman, "will you get those stay bolts
and chuck them into the baggage car for
me on Number Two? I'm going over to
the house for. a minute." He forgot to an
swer Bucks; they knew what it meant.
He was bracing himself to tell the folk
befora he left them. Preparing to . tell
the wife— and tha old man— that he was
out. Out of .the railroad system he had
given his Ufa to help build up. Out of the
position he bad - climbed to by studying
like a hermit and working like a hobo.
Out— without criticism, or allegation, or
reason— simply like a dog, out.
Callahan, with Bucks, tried to figure
what it meant.
Hailey nodded. The bridge foreman took
his pipe from his mouth and dashed it
into the stove. Hailey spoke. . - :
"I'm glad we're up to -high water at the
8plder, Bucks," said he at last. "When
they get it in the Peace River work, the
division will run for Itself for a year."
"Hailey," Bucks spoke slowly, "I don't
need to tell you what I think of it, do 17
It's a damned shame."
Halley rose to his feet. "Where you
going, Phil?" asked Bucks.
"Going back to the Spider on Number
Two."
"Not going back this morning— why
don't you wait for Four, to-night," sug
gested Bucks.
"Who the hell Is he?" roared Ed. No
body answered: nobody knew. Bucks at
tempted to talk. Callahan lit bis lighted
pipe, but Ed Peeto stared at Halley like
a drunken man. , . . ..
"Did you hear that?" he snorted at his
superior.
Hailey nodded.
"You're out!" stormed Peeto.
" 'H. P. Agnew is appointed superin
tendent of bridges of the new 'division,
with headquarters at Omaha, vice P. -C.
Halley,' Bucks read on. Then he read
fast, looking 'for some further mention
of Halley. Halley promoted, transferred,
assigned— but there was no further men
tion of Hailey. Bucks threw down the
order in a silence. Ed Peeto broke out
first.
"Who's H. P. Canoe?"
"Agnew."
"Well, well, well." said Halley, open
ing his eyes. "Here's promotions right
and left."
aloud for the benefit of 1 Callahan and
Halley and such hangers-on as Peeto and
an occasional stray dispatcher.
"Hello!" exclaimed Bucks; "here's a
general order— number fourteen "
The bovs drew their briers like one.'
Bucks read out a lot of stuff that didn't
touch our end, and then he reached this
paragraph:
" The Mountain and the Intermountain
divisions are hereby consolidated . under
the name of the Mountain division, with
J. F. Bucks as superintendent, headquar
ters at Medicine Bend. C. T. Callahan
is appointed assistant superintendent of
the new division.' '.' '. •
fellow, I guess, but we all bated him.
Bucks did the civil, though, and took
Agnew down to the Spider In & ¦pedal to
Inspect the new work and Introduce him
to the man whose bread and opportunity
he was taking. There wasn't a mean drop
anywhere In Halley'o blood, and he mad*,
no trouble whatever for his' successor.
After he let go on the West End Halley
talked as if he would look up something
farther east, but Bucks told him frankly
he would find difficulty without a regular
degree. Hailey himself realized that.
Moreover, he seemed reluctant to quit tha
mountains. He acted around the cottage
and the Wickiup like a man who has lost
I something and who looks for It abstract
ly. But there -were lusty little Hailey s
over at the cottage to be looked after,
and Bucks, losing a roadm aster about
• that time, asked Hailey (after. chewing It
- a lone time with . Callahan) to take the
place himself and stay op the staff., '
"I know. It doesn't seem Just right,"
Bucks put It, "but, Hailey, - you must re
member this thing at Omaha: Isn't going:
to last. They can't run a road like this
with Harvard graduates and Boston type
writers. There'll ba an entire new deal
down there some fine day. Stay here with
me, and I'll say this, Hailey, if I go
ever you go with m*e,"
• And Hftlley. sitting with his bead be
tween his hands, listening to hl« wife and
to Buck*, said «ne day, "Enough," and
the first '; of ; the month reported for duty
as roadmaster.
¦Apieir, meantime, had stopped all con
struction work not. too far along to dis
continue. The bridge at the Spider for
tunately was beyond his mandate; It was
finished to a rivet as Halley had planned
it. Three spans, two piers and a pair of
abutments-solid as the Tetons. But the
Peace River canyon was caught to the air.
Halley's caissons gave way to piles 00
pulled the cost down from UOO.000 to J75.-
WO, and incidentally it was breathed that
the day" for extravagant expenditures on
the West End was past, and Bucks dipped
a bit deeper than usual Into Callahan s
box of cross-cut and rammed the splinter
ed leaf Into his brier a bit harder and said
no word. . •
"But If we lose Just on« more brldga It s
; .Then t Duffy; wrestled? mightily yet once
more, and the : long [way came -word • of
trouble in the Omaha yards. ,
i 4 "Hell to pay on the Missouri, of course."
growled ;,th« :;f oreman. ; , "Well, '\ she ;don't
run * our '.way ; let " her; bo 11, damn • her." ' ".
-, "Keep' still!" -exclaimed 1 Duffy, leaning
heavily. on the key. > ''Here's* something—
from— the npirirr"' fqffljTIf
' ' The ' wire 1 went * wrong, and . stuff ' that
no man could get tumbled In like a dic
tionary ¦ upside down. . Bucks . and Calla
han land Halley and Peeto smoked,; silent,
and listened to the deepening drum of the
rain : on the ' roof . -
Tuesday morning the tall roadmaster
came down fresh as sunshine. Tha Spider
raced like the Missouri and the men at
the bridge sent in panic messages, but
Halley : lit ' his • pipe with their alarms.
"That bridge will go when the mountains
go,": was all; ha said.; .
It was 9 o'clock, Tuesday night and ev
ery, star blinking when Halley ; looked . in
at the office for the trackwalkers' report
and the railway weather bulletins. Bucks,
Callahan and Peeto sat about Duffy, who,
in his shirt sleeves, threw the stuff out
off the sounder as it trickled In over tha
wires. The West wire was good, but East
everything below Peace River was down.
We had '-. to •¦ get . the Eastern reports
around by Omaha and the South— a good
thousand miles of a loop. -
Wild Hat - came first from the West
with - a stationary * river and tha ' Loup
Creek falling— clear— good ..night. Than
from, the East came Prairie Portage, all
the way round, with a northwest rain; a
rising river, and anchor Ice pounding the
piers badly, ¦• track In fair " shape— and—
and— •' • ¦' •¦ ' ..'...
Section gangs wera doubled and track*
walkers put on, bridge crews strength
ened, everything buckled for grief. Oul
lles began : to race, culverts to cheka,
creeks to tumble, rivers to r 1 *"' 1 '***^ From
the Muddy to tha Summit tha water
courses swelled and boiled— all • but tha
Spider; the big river slept. Through May
and into June the Spider slept;.. but
Halley was there at tha Wickiup, always,
and with one eye running over, all tha
line, one eye turned always to tha Spider.
On the 80th there was trouble beyond
Wild Hat, and all our ' extra men, put
out there under Hailey, wera fighting to
hold tha Rat Valley levels. Bucks sent
Halley over there because he sent Halley
wherever the Emperor sent Ney. Sunday
while Hailey was at Wild Hat it began
raining. Sunday : it rained. Monday it
rained all through the mountains ; Tues
day it was raining, from Omaha to Eagle
Pass— and the Spider woke."* -*'•' ' ¦
-Trackmen at the bridge Tuesday night
flagged No. 1 and reported tha river wild,
and sheet ice running. A wire- from
Bucks brought Halley out of the West
and into the East. to reckon for the last
time with his ancient enemy.
. ; He was against it Wednesday morning
with dynamite. All the day,- the night
and the next day the sullen roar of tne
giant powder shook the Ice Jams. - Two
more days he spent there watching; then
he wired, "Ice out," and set back dragged
and * silent for home and for sleep! Sat
urday night he slept and Sunday all day
and Sunday, night. Monday about noon
Bucks sent up to ask, but Hailey was
asleep; they asked back whether they
should wake him. Bucks sent word,
'•Xo;'jaBBSSBB&wttBmaEBS£BBBBM
Now came an April without any rise;
that April nothing rose— except tha snow.
"We shall get it all together." suggested
Bucks one night
"Or will it get us altogether?" asked
Halley.
"Either way," said Callahan, "it win
be mostly at once."
May : opened bleaker than April. Even
tha trackmen walked with set faces j tha
dirtiest half-breed on the line knew now
what tha mountains held. At last, while
wa looked ' and wondered, came a very
late Chinook] July In May: than tha
water.
goodby and gona to tha California Cast
freight business," muttered Callahan.
We had no winter that year till spring,
and no spring till summer; and it was a
spring of snow and a summer of water.
Down below the plains were lost in snow
even after Easter. After that the snow
let up; it was then no longer a matter
of keeping the line dear; It was a mat
ter of lashing the track to the right of
way to keep it from swimming dear.
Hailey caught it worse than anybody, but
he worked like two men, for in a pinch
that was his way. Bucks leaned on tha
wiry roadmaster as he did on Callahan
or Neighbor. - Halley knew Bucks looked
to him for the track, and he strained
every nerve making ready for the time
tha mountain snows should go out.
Now. the Spider wakes regularly twlaaj
at all other times Irregularly. Ones In
April, that is the foothills water; once in
June, that is the mountain water.
For a wonder the bridge material came
In last, and early in the summer Hailey.
very cuiet. and Peeto, very profane,
moved into construction headquarters at
the Spider, and the first airlock ever
eunk west of the Missouri closed over
the beads of tall Hailey and big Ed Peeto.
The blowpipes never slept; night and day
the sand streamed from below, . and Hal
ley's caissons sank foot by foot toward
the rock. By the middle of September
the masonry was .crowding high-water
mark, and the following Saturday Halley
and Peeto ran trek to Medicine Bend to
rest "a a bit and ret acquainted with
their families. Halley looked ragged and
thin, like the old depot, but immensely
fesppy. ,
Sunday was a day to get your feet- on
the tables tip in Buck's office and smoke
Callahan's Cavendish. Bucks would open
the R. R. B. mafl and read the news
The new president, as befitted a very
blc man. received Halley with considera
ble dignity. He listened to the superin
tendent's statement of the necessities at
the Big Sandy River. The amount looked
littge. but the argument, supported by a
ruuss of statistics; was convincing.
Iiaikys budget called, too, for a new
bricst? at the Peace River— and a good
one. Hailey Ftayt-d over to await the de
ctaion. He haunted the general offices un
til the president told him he could have
the money. The wire flashed the word to
the West End. Everybody at the Wick
iup was elad.
So there were many long conferences at
division headquarters between Bucks, su
perintendent, and Callahan, assistant, and
Hailey. superintendent of the bridges,
and afterward Hailey went once more to
general headquarters, lugging all his es
timates revised and all his plans refig
ured.
Halley would talk Spider bridge to a
Chinaman. His bridge foreman, Ed
Peeto, a staving 1 big one-eyed French
Canadian, actually had but two ideas in
life— one was Hailey. the other the Spider
bridge. When the management changed
again, and a great and public-spirited
man took control of the eystem. Ed Pee
tro kicked his little water epanlel in a
frenzy of delight. "Now, Sport, old boy."
he exclaimed riotously, "we'll get' the
bridge."
But tha cost! The directors jumped
their table when they caw the figures. We
were being milked at that time— to put it
bluntly, being sucked— by a Wall street
clique that robbed our good road, shaved
our salaries, impoverished our eq.ulpm.ent,
and cut our maintenance to the quick.
They talked economy and studied piracy.
When Halley demanded a thousand guild
ers for his Spider Water bridge they
laughed and said. "Come, take fifty." He
couldn't do anything tlse; and he built a
fifty-guilder bridge to bar the Spider's
crawL It lasted really better than the
average bridge.
But tha dream of Hat ley's life— this we
all knew, and the Eloux would have sala
the Spider knew— was to build a final
bridge over the Spider Water— a bridge it
throttle It for all time.
"| *• AILEY'S father was a section fore
i\ man. When Halley was a kid he
I I got into Brodie's office doing er
>» J rar.cis: but whenever he saw a
•***^ draughtsman at work he was no
gocd for errands. At such times be went
a'i in Us a rr.ental tangle that could neither
it- thrashed nor kicker] out of him; and
I roc e; eirce he could do nothing else
v.ii: h:ra, dually kicked him into learning
n. read— and to cipher. Brodie called it.
I 1 er; by and by. Hailey got an old table
ai.ti {art of a cake of India Ink himself.
bum) himself became a draughtsman, and
roar, became chief draughtsman in Bro
di? * viflif**. Halley was no college man—
Hai.cyv.as- a Brodie man. Single mind
on tingle mind— concentration absolute.
Math* ir.atics. drawing, bridges, brains—
that was Hailey. All that Brodie knew
Hailey had from him; and where Brodie
«ras weak Hailey was strong— master of
himself. When Brodie showed the image
he was made In. Hailey hid the shame
best he could, and Brodie, who hated even
himself, showed still a light In the wretk
by molding Hailey to his work. For one
day, eaid Brodie in his heart, this boy
shall be master of these bridges. When I
am rot he will be here what I ought to
have been— this Irish boy— and they will
say he wls Brodie's man. And better than
any of their Eastern graduates be shall
be. if he was made engineer by a drunk
ard. And Halley was better, far, far bet
tar than the graduates, better than Bro
die—and to Halley came the time to
wrestle the Spider Water.
' All Brodie knew, all the Indians knew,
all that a life's experience, eating, living,
watching, sleeping with the big river had
taught him. that Halley knew. And when
Brodie's bridge went out Hailey was
ready with his new bridge. It was to be
such a bridge as Brodie's bridge with the
fire-water left out.
Copyright. 13C3. by F. H. Spearman.
Halley nodded and choked tha stsam •
little. Threw a hatful of air en the shoes
and slewed into tha hills with a spaed un
slackened. From tho rocks it Is a down
trade all the way to tha canyon, and tho
wind blew, them and tha track pulled them
and a frenzied man sat at tha throttle.
Just .where the line crosses Peace River
tha track bends sharply in through tha
Needles to take the bridge.
Tha curve Is a ten-degree. As they
struck It the headlight shot far out upon
the river— and they in tha cab know they
wera dead men. Instead of lighting tha
box of tha truss tha lamp lit a slack and
snaky flood sweeping over tha abutment
with yellow foam. The Peace had licked
up Agnew*s thirty-foot, piles and his
bridge was not..
Whatever could ba done— and Halley
knew all— meant death to tha cab. Denis
Mullenix never moved; no man that knew
Halley would think of trying to supplant
him even with death under tha ponies. Ha
did what a man could do. There was no
chance anyway for the cab, but tha ca
boose held twenty af his faithful men.
He checked— and with a scream ' from
the ! flanges the special, shaking in tha
clutches of the airbrake, swung tho curve.
Again the roadmaster checked heavily.
The leads of the plledrlver swaying high
above gravity center careened for an in
stant wildly to the tangent, then the mon
ster., machine, parting from tha ten/er.
took tha elevation Ilka a hurdle and shot
into the trees, dragging tha caboose after
it. * But tha engine and tender and flva
in the cab plunged head-on into tha
Peace.
Not a man in tha caboose was killed.
They scrambled, out of tha splinters and
on their feet, men and ready to do. Ona
voice from below came to them through
the storm, and they answered its calling.
It was Callahan. But Durden, Mullenix,
Peeto and Halley never called again.
At daybreak wreckers of the West End,
swarming from mountain and plain, wera
heading for the Peace, and the McCloud
gang— up— crossed tho Spider on Halley'a
bridge— on the bridge the "coward train
men had. reported out. quaking as they
did* in the storm at the Spider foaming
over its approaches. But Hailey's , bridge
stood— stands to-day.
Yet three days the Spider raged, and
knew then its master, while he three
whole days sat at the bottom of the Peace
clutching the engine levers in the ruins
of Agnew*s mistake.
',' And, when -the divers got them up Cal
lahan and Bucks tore big, Peeto's arms
from his master's body and shut his star
ing eye and laid him. at his master's side.
And only the Spider ravening at Halley* s
caissons raged. But Halley slept.
"Mind your tracks," said Bucka wara
lngly to Evan* as he took Hailay*s hand.
"What's your permit?**
"Forty miles an hour.**
"Don't stretch It. "Oood-by, Phil.** h»
added, speaking to Halley. "I'll ••• you
In the morning.**
"In the morning,** repeated Halley.
"Oood-by. Nothing more* in, Duffy?**
"Nothing more."
"Coma on!" With tha words ha pushed
the conductor through the door and was
gone. The switch engine puffed up with
the caboose. Ahead of it Ed Peoto had
coupled in the pile driver. At the last
minute Callahan asked ts go. and as the
bridge gang tumbled Into the caboose th«
assistant superintendent, Ed Peeto and
Halley climbed into the engine. Denis
Mullenix sat on the right, and with Wil
liam Durden, fireman, they pulled out,
five In tha cab, for tha Spider Water.
.From Medicine Bend to tha Spider Wa
ter is a ninety-mil* run; down tha gorge,
through tha foothills and Into the Painted
Desert that fills tha Jaw ef tha spur wa
Intersect again west of Peace River.
From tha Peaoe to tha Spider tha crow
files twenty mile*, but wa take thirty for
it; there Is hardly a tangent between.
Their orders set a spaed limit, but from
tha : beginning they crowded it. Halley.
moody at first, began Joking and laughing
tha minute they got away. Ha sat behind
Deals Mullenix en tha right and poked
at his rlba and tauxxtad him with, his
heavy heels. Af tar a bit ha got down and
threw coal for Durden mlla after mile
and crowded tha boiler till tha safety
screamed. Then going around to tha right,
tha roadxaastar covered Denis Mullenlx's
fingers an tha throttle latch and tha air
with his big hsnda and good-naturedly
coaxed them loose, pushed tha engineer
back and got tha whip and tha rains Into
his own keeping. It was what ha want
ad, for ha smiled as ha drew out tha bar
a notch and settled himself for tha run
across tha flat country. They wera leav
ing tha foothills, . and when tha lightning
epened tha night they could saa behind
through tha blasting rain tha great hulk-
Ing pile driver nod and reel out Into tha
Painted Desert Ilka a drunken w»*iy
Tha Peace River hills loomed Into tha
headlight Ilka moving picture*; befora
they could think It tha desert was behind.
Callahan, white faced, climbed down and
passed from hand to hand by Durden and
Mullenix got his hands on Hailey*s shoul
ders and his lips to his ear.
"For God's sake, Phil, let upl"
"Here's your orders P* exclaimed Duf
fy. Evans nodded as he took the tissue*
Halley buttoned his leather Jacket and
turned to Bucks.
"Good-by.**
"Phil, I want you to be careful!" It wu
Bucks standing by the roadmaster's side
at the window. "It's a bad night." Hall
ey made no answer. "A wicked night."
muttered Bucks as the lightning shot the
yards In a blaze and a crash rolled down
the gorge. But wicked as It was he could
not bring himself to countermand; some
thing forbade It. Evans, the conductor
of the special, ran in.
In twenty minute* twenty men were
running twenty ways through the storm
and a live engine boomed under the
Wickiup windows.
Callahan's hand closed rigidly ever his
pipe; Petto sat speechless; Bucka read
again at the broken message, but Halley
sprang like a man wounded and snatched
the dip from his superintendent's hand.
He star«d at the running words until
they burned his eyes, and then with an
oath frightful as the thunder that broke
down the mountains, hs dashed the clip
to the floor. His eyes snapped greenish
with fury and he cursed Omaha, cursed
its messages and everything that cams
out of it. Out it came— all the rage— all
the heartburning— all the bitterness— and
he dropped, bent. Into a chair and cov
ered his face with his hands. They
watched him slowly knot his fingers and
loosen them, and saw his face rise dry
and hare and old out of bis hands.
"Get up an engine I"
"Not— you're not going down there to
night?" stammered Bucks.
"Yes.. Now. Right off. Peetol Get out
your crew!"
•*J. P. Bucks— Trainmen from No. 73
stalled west of Rapid City: track afloat
In Simpsons Cut; report Spider brldg* out;
send **
And the current broke.
Only th« turn of tba rata and the cerr
©us break of th« "sounder cut tha imoka
that curled from their pipes. Duffy
snatched a pen and ran It across a ell?,
and Bucka, leaning over, xead aloud from
his shoulder:
•"Omaha.
TUB EtTNDATcoCAIili.
, "A- man cannot : be ¦ considered honest,"
X'sald sternly, -"who court* a woman'un
der false pretenses. . ; You ' are letting* Mlsi
Van Anderson think that you love her for
herself * alone."" rT-:/^?'. ' ••':. -.'.:¦:. • --,:"'
'¦'."And t you : rwould argue' that I love ; her
for. her! money!", he said in a* tone of.bit
ter! sarcasm.?/ \[ ':'•: .-'-• \- ¦¦¦.",. ..
'-.M'lt! looks ; that .way,", I , retorted > angrily."
•'I i mean j to. let her, know the, whole truth
unless" you ; have- good , sense -and : "man
hood* enough •? to > quietly withdraw: rvYou
don'tlwant thatsuglynamei'fortune-h'unt
er!iapplied;to you, 'do you?"- » '->- ': ; ' --,¦. /.;'
- i'No.i I don't '', want . that applied • toYme,",
said; Roberts; : punching; holes ; In^the'moss"
with \hls frod.V for;.' we ? had: grot 1 so ? near
the house, that by mutuarconsentwe had
seated 7; ourselves* on a' 'log':- for; our' dls
cusslon.^'especially; as I [have i asked 1 All-*
7
THE ROADMASTER'S TORYIn' you up as parfasstonal, an" attar m
while you begin to think yourself that
you're hot stuff. That's the way , it want
with me, anyhow, and at the end o" tha
year I didn't think any more 'bout goin'
back to the gov'nor. I'd made up my
mind *t I would be hot stuff an' a par
fesaional, an* one night another boss kid
an' me, we jumped out ona o' tha win
dows an' got away. He knew of a placa
where there were some semoleons lyln'
loose,', an' we went "an* got 'em, an' I
been hlttln' . . It up that way ever since.
He's In here, ; too. We . got pinched for
goin' on the dip an' .the. Judge gave us
both three years. I thought they'd put
us together, but they didn't. He's In tha
cigar factory . an' I over ¦ In tha foundry.
Gosh; it's hard work-in that foundry,
Ruderick. The. guard's got it In for me.
too. He does me every" time he gats .a
chance. I've . been in the dungeon twice
already.' -. ..:,.*. ¦ &.¦£.:;£*??¦ ..*-,
-T pretended to taka tha tin, as* ha fca
*an aaowln* ma favor*. X ain't dona sucn
tall lyln" In a tanner as I fill to *>«t cop
par; but ha never got onto me. rd say to
him: There's go!n* to to t safa blown
open out In Chicago next month,, an*, you
want to get next.' He'd thank zaa an" tan
tha 'warden to go eomethia' for ma t X
wanted, and than go gaUlrantm' an over
tha shop. 'Cocrsa tha safa was navar
blown, but all I had to say was that tha
crooks had prob'bly got scared off,' an'
he v took it all In.;-.
"I even think I could a' got tha kid out
o" tha pan through that copper. I might
•a', had to put up a little cash to-graasa
things, but tha fellow had an all-fired blj
pull. He knaw 'bout tha . warden** bain*
crooked, an' tha warden knew tout htm,
an' both had to stjuara each other.': Baa?
But I didn't try to spring;. the kid; Jo*'
kept' oa :trainln* him/ You know vsat
be is to-day. W« old txns can him Tbm
Ruderick and I had been unfortunate
enough to fall asleep In a box car In the
local railway yards and the magistrate
before whom we weix brought had been
(tnspCrca.to znaka aa esampla of iuk "X
f-y OMB had waited nearly a year.
l^J others for eeveral months, others
vj for but a few weeks. Tha Jail was
K-' eld, and Inside and outside looked
* much as It did In 15*0, when It was
built. Trampt liked it on account of the
roomy corridor, wnere they were permlt
tsd to lounge in the daytime, and because
tha prisoners cooked their own food. The
raw materials for the meals were passed
Into the Jail through a little window in
an Iron door, and the men took turns In
cooking. The cells were placed above the
corridor an4 at night the Sheriff came
and locked us In until morning. \V e
numbered, all told, nineteen men and
boys, sixteen of whom were court prison
ers who had etood their trials and were
waiting for their sentences. The remain-
Ing three. Including Ruderick McKlowd
and myself, had sbelr punishment meted
out to them by the wisdom of the local
magistrate and were serving it out then
and there.
(Copyright by S. S. McClura Co.)
At last the morning came when Justice
was to take off her bandage, and the
Sheriff told his wards that they must
hold themselves ready to go to the court
room at any moment. He was not sure
himself of the exact time when his Honor
would call for them, but he cautioned
them to be quick in responding to the call
when it came. Every one rushed to his
cell to get his clothes In . order. "Want
the old man to see me In my best," one
eaid, and the others followed him up to
the cell gallery and began to overhaul
their scanty supply of "togs." They dis
cussed tho merits at & patched waistcoat
"the old man" do? The first thing we
heard even before the Sheriff had let us
out for the day was the call from cell to
cell of the men to be sentenced that they
were twelve hours nearer tho appointed
time. Even during the night mutterlngs
reached Ruderick and me. from the men
who had been waiting longest. One night
we heard an old man of 70, who might
have been the grandfather of nearly all
of us, cry out in his sleep: "Make it a
year. Judge; Just an even year!" And he
threw into the words all the pleading and
pathos that he could have commanded
had he been awake.
He was a boy. of 18, called Eddie, who
had been convicted, in . company ' with
an older companion, of burglary./ y
"Kid,"" the mock Judge went on,;- "you'se
started out too fast. You'se too young, to'
do cllmbin'. If I sent you to de peniten
tiary you'd learn a good. deal; but you'd
get your head turned talkin' with de men
an' you'd tackle^ too' big • Jobs for' your
years an* experience . when . you got : out
side again. If you'se goin' to v be : an * A
Number One gun,' Kid, you wan' to go
t 1 rough your apprenticeship; you want- to
begin at the beginnln", : and a good place
to do that is In * de Ref-^all _ fly crooks
has been trained In de Ref— so I sentence
"Silence in de court," cried Rhadaman
thus, with truculent majesty. .."Bring up
de next- prisoner." . ¦. '• ..".'.
*ud be if I gave you what de law says. I'm
groin'to to be square with you; I'm goin'
to give you a chanst ; to " dio • outside.
You'se good for about two ; years yet, 'f
you^take care o' yourself, so I sentence
you. Hungry, to eighteen months to de
penitentiary."
"Thank y', yer Honor," said* Hungry,
bowing' awkwardly.
A faint murmur of approval and ap
plause arose in the audience. ¦ ••
V VvijeH," ! I liked . him Just 'cause he was a
tenderfoot. Wise _ kids Is : interesting an'
all that, 1 but fyou i','don't falways like 'em.
just as you .don't' always like wise blokes/
It - takes all kinds - o' - people to make the
crooks" world, eame as to make the 'good
people's world,'.; an'- there's been tenderfeet
*t I've liked. better'n anybody else. : I for
got what" the_ Kid told me -his name was— '
prbb'ly*^'didh't ;! remember>- to give ; ma ;the
right- one, ¦: anyhow— but :I Jus' "called 'im
the ¦ Kid. ; ¦ f call \ him', thaV still, but T guess
I'm th« only- one ¦ :-. that does'. lt«v He's j a
pretty .biafstlff to-day,' an*, everybody can't
slap -lm: on V the back.'.^ I~ sort o' ; brought
'Im .fup^you'rknow, Tan' he -ain't- oha-b'^
thetni that: forgets "• things— except •"' his
name.;* j ¦¦':¦¦¦¦''¦' '''¦'''¦¦'.• ¦..'¦' •'-'¦' ' '- ''
." " .'Courrfe' I'm fprbud^'t- he's! turned out
a ¦ fly. bloke, but things was different when
I flTst s^t to chawin'Jth' rag with him In
an' he done the touch, or tried to do It,
to get some dough; lie was not quite
seventeen then, a tenderfoot as far as you
could see him.; He'd been with the hoboes
a little before he-got pinched, an' knew
Borneo' their lingo; but Jus' the way -he
shaped up an' asked us all when he first
came In what we was 'shut up' for was
enough to. put us next. '
ref. when I was twelve years old. an' I
didn't stay' there a week.' They got m»
back after a while, but I mooched again,
an! they're lookin' for me yet
"Well, the judge he gave the, ICld what
I told him, to ask for. I'd explained to tha
Kid how he wanted toput. In his plea
when the Judge asked him if he had any
thin* to, say why the courtshouldn't pro
nounce, sentence on him, an' he got oft
his song -an* dance all right. I can hear
tho Kid now when he came back to tha
¦Jail.".' He'" came up to me an' said: 'Rud
erick, if I : can . beat that school - I'm goin'
homa to -the gov'nor. You've dona me a
good t turn, do you know It?' 'Course I
Jollied him along a little an* told him not
tbgetstoo'Sunday-schooly all of a sudden
. when he got ; home, . an' . the next day the
Sheriff took' him away. .'An' : for th* next
!three";years j Ruderick McKlowd used to
pat himself -oh; the back every, now an'
then -when he thought o' the Kid. I pic
tured'him at home,*, you know, llvin' with
his fgbvfnbr^goln' to school, fallln* in love
.with, ''nice girls,- an', gettin* -to. be ona o*
the town's prbmisinV young men. "'I had to
do a bit in the pen about eighteen months
afterithi ; Kid •• was ',• sent; to tha I ref, ; an'
whenever, I'd get real down ' in the ' mouth
wast you men to learn to sleep where
civClzed people sleep," he explained. > "It^
Is possible that you need a little training'
to get Into the habit again, and ,1 ehall
send you over to the Sheriff for a 'month.'
If you behave yourselves you wlllVfind'
him an agreeable host." We behaved
ourselves, and found the Sheriff an agree
able host, but he took the most interest
In what he called the "transients"— the;
men whom Justice had weighed In her 1
balance and found wanting to a degree
which she had not yet taken off her ban-'
dage accurately to ascertain. They pre-'
eented a subject of speculation and mys-.
tery which we did not, and in return for
the Interest they gave him the Sheriff
offered them gruff little courtesies, which,
he hoped, would help somewhat to keep
their minds off their coming ordeaL Some
of them were culprits of long standing,
men who had taken their "stretchers," as
they called their terms in prison, regu
larly and without flinching, but none of
them knew what his next "str-tcher"
was to be. Some of them were lads sure
to go to the reform school, and all of
them, men and lads, were to retire from
the world for a certain period— but how
long? The limit that each of them could
get was well known, but no one believed
that he deserved or would get the limit.
Prisoners the world over feel that the
fact that they have been caught at all
Is a punishment, and Justifies them In
expecting a compromise with the Judge
who is to sentence them. If detection
itself Is a punishment, any further disci
pline ought to be measured according to
the- disappointment and chagrin which the
detection has caused. This is irrational,
but all men are irrational according to
their opportunities. It was the uncer
tainty as to bow far Justice, In the per
son of "the old man," would be willing to
compromise on this basis that kept the
men on a strain. Morning,. noon and
nifht the constant word- was: What will
or a frayed necktie as women d& the most
delicate finery. "How'd you think th* old
man'll like this?" a man called "Bony"
said, holding up a coat. ¦ v .,' •
."Get it sterilized. Bony; it's full of
Exaybacks. De old man'll give you de
limit if they get to' paradln' around de
courtroom," another remarked, not un
truthfully.
j"How*d youse think this white rag'll
take?" queried still another, dubbed "Jet
Eyes," exhibiting a "boiled" shirt which
he had kept under his pillow for weeks
for fear it would be "swiped!" .' ./-Vj
"Keep it to swing in, Sammy," advised
his cellmate. "It's too good Jus* to get
two years in. Put It in a safety vault till
croakin' time comes."
"In an hour they had all put on their
best, and a dress rehearsal in the corridor
was in order. One of the oldest prisoners
was appointed Judge, and the men lined
up in front of him. This was play, and
in a measure comedy, but not. wholly, so.
The culprits expected to catch from the
mock judge and the mock sentence some
omen of what their fate was to be. The
judge carried off his part with Impressive
dignity and severe eyebrow. . He had bor
rowed a clean collar and a sky-blue neck
tie for the occasion; he had absolutely
refused to officiate except in costume. >T.ie
men practiced attitude and gestures,
which- they expected to use ¦ with effect
later in the day.
"Hungry," he said in a voice which .was
proper to the majesty of the law, to the
man at the head of the line, ."you .was
caught in de act, wasn't you? Now, that
means bunglln'. Blokes what knows their
business don't get pinched in de act. But
you'se gettin* old. Hungry^ We all knows
that . You must be nearly - 60. * De law
Bays that for what you done. I ough' to
give you fifteen years, but I don't b'lieve
you'll last that loner. You'se got so many
diseases you'se goin'-^o croak "before] a
great while. Now, it ain't right" to give i a
man life for bunglin', an' that's what it
that jail." I tried to persuade, him to go:
home. I told him to write to his govj nor.
an' get .the thing fixed up. ; I can' tell |
yoy.- exactly, why I.done it. but it's. God's
truth that even now— an* I ain't no' chick
en; passed my forty-eighth birthday last"
month— yes, sir, even, now I hate to. see
a, kid who's been brought up decent hlt_
the road. With me.'t was different. Both
my old folks was crooks, an' I never had
a home anyhow. / Stealin' came v natural '¦
to me, an* Chicago, where * I was born,
made me wise. If a man's got a bent for ;
swlpin' Chicago'll /tell him how <to get
his craft In.,. You know that" a S well, as
I do. ; . I> ew ¦ York ain't no saint, neither—
some" mighty^good- thieves -have conie out
o' that to wii— but if -a kid is lookln' for
a place* to get dead; wise, let him 1 rail
road for "dear old Chi.'; «I " Jlke^the place;
God knows.'but lt'sV crooked— crooktd ; as
a' fishhook. ' A'fj-^irZ* \ . .
."Well, this: kid 't I'ln^teilin' you. about,
he listened . to me ¦ all V right; ¦ but he
wouldn't write to' hlsjgbv'nor; He was
stuck on himself— see?-^-an'.*rlght, too. . 'I
wouldn't have the gov|nbr find me here,'
he says,. * 'f ,,1-had. to take ten.'years in
the pen.' ;Well,;.I. didn't know- ahythin'
better'n; to tell: him to askYthe Judge i. to
send .• him [ to ; the^ ref " I "; know * wn'at * the
ref . ; is a s well as* the next bloke ; I know ,
¦ that ; it's ;.where. a : lot 'of kids '-¦ irets ; wise.
Old Fraxy, when^he was makih'- believe
sentencln'- Eddie' a'; few minutes ago|. he
told . the, truth. ...The -rers.the place .where
a ; thief goes vthrbugh^ his 'jprentlccahlp.
Jus'-.tho *same,-.I'd r ratheri-isee -a'- kld'o'
, mine take 1 his chances in the, ref. .-than
in i the pen, aV. I i gave •'. It ; to *¦ that ;."¦* kid
straight. I >: told him f what he'd^ find
ref.; an*, what* he -wanted ; to steer
clear, of, v an*-' then : I ; ' explained * to * him
how _. he l could set * a mooch . on - an* - give
the, shop the slip.": He> was" a"J nervy kid,
an*. , there's . mighty .,* few * refs ''t - a - -'nervy '
kid need ' stop in if ' he's got ' a v f banker in'
for the open. • W'y, i they "' had * me ; ; in a
you to de Ref till you're "twenty-one.
But I'll be square with you, too. I won't
consider It any refleckshun on my con
nection with de case, as de old man 'ud
say. If you run away 'fore your time's
up."
"Don't send me to the Ref, yer Honor;
I bin to the Ref, an' it's nolhin' but a
kids' joint. I can't learn NOTH1N'
there. "
He went through the line of men and
boys, sometimes the scene being comical
and sometimes pathetic. The rehearsal
finished, the crowd broke up into little
groups. Some of them gathered around
the table; others took their stand near,
the iron door. Impatient for- the Sheriff
to call them. Ruderick and I took seats
on a bench in one of the corners, andthe
boy Eddie and his pal strolled up and
down the corridor. His pal urged him to
take ad va ntage of his boyish appearance
and try to get a'reform school sentence.
"You^can run away after you'se been
there awhile," the man said, "an' then
you'se free. See?" .
"Damn" the ref," ; the- lad replied. "I'm
goin' to. the pen." .''¦..
"Know.vthat kind o'iiid?"' Ruderick
auKed, nodding in the direction of the two
when they had passed out of earshot. "I
can tead his -future for. you. Did I ever
tell you 'bout the Michigan Kid? It began
way " back in *77, \ when ¦ I ' was ' doiiiV si bit
for. the State, havin'. done an' bungled, a
bit for myself. The jail was over in Penn
sylvania, an' one day the Sheriff brought
in a young fellow, who'd been bound over
for bitin*. off more'n.he cbuld f chew,.which
is grand larceny! f* They .'caught him red-,
handed. He was a nice, plucky-lobklnv lit
tle chap, an* I saw right away [the was
new 'to the business. He . : dldn' t l have
much of a story to toll at the time; p'r'aps
that was why he wouldn't tell it! "I, found
but; later, -however, ;that his father^was a
swell; lawyer over in Michigan, „ an' .': his
people had sent ¦ him to a boarding-school,
an' he'd 'mooched. ' His money, gave , but."
tike about the - latter end o\ things an*
what's ,what,\ l| used to *ay. to, myself :
•Well,. Ruderick, you 'did that kid a good
turn, anyhow,', an' I'd brace up. I remem
ber once wakin' up in the middle ¦ o* the
night ': out of a; dream. I'd been up in
heaven, an' ' Peter he I wouldn't let me
pass the gate. 'You're a bad lot; Ruder
ick,' he I says. 'I i couldn't let 'you i in 'f
you was me '"own son.' . I remember 't
I said : to him. as well as if I'd saidthe
words out loud: 'Peter,' I- says,, 'ain't
you f orgettin* that , good jnark ' t I got for
bein' square with, that Kid?'. an'then-I
woke up. I'm' just tellln' you this, you
know, so's you can understand how things
There was a pause . in Ruderick's
narrative, and 'the bolts of the iron door
of a place "quite another than heaven were
shot back to' remind us how .far from
heaven we were. Every one thought Jhat
the Judge hid ; sent for the men to be
sentenced, but it was a false alarm. The
tiirnkev had a letter. to deliver to one of
the .court prisoners, and we separated into
groups again, and ; Ruderick knotted . the
broken thread of his ; Y?r.ilnIscences. .
"Are you listtnin'?" »i* asked. .
r '•Sure,"." I replied: A tar.r cooped up is
interested in. cvcrythl:««; if he wasn't he'd
go off his head."
He continued
"About three years after meetin' the
Kid I got settled; in the pen across the
river from ' this"; town : where we are now.
The tarne^ Judge" had hold o' ; me once be
fore, an' ¦' he was i hostile an' gave me five
years; I guess -I'd earned it. The placa
bcgan.to^'gtt' crowded after I'd been. there
about a year, an' v/e had to double up, an'
who do' you think they gave .me: for a cell
companion ? A That Kid !" There he was,
with his hair cropped 1 an' the stripes on
.'im;:i knew him the minute they shoved
him "into the cell. --': ' : ' .
."•Kid.'. I say sT. 'this ain't reg'lar; how'd
this, happen?: : Did. the" gov'nor cut up
rough?' . ; .." - ; ;¦ • . .
":'Ruderick.'; he "saya, -'I ; never '.went
back : to the, gov'nor. - I done as you ; tole
me'* an' mooched .' from the ref — mooched
the 'second " v week. , But they got me again.
A farmer 't I. went to > for breakfast the
mornln', after, he" sent, for vthejeopper. at
the '•< ref, '-- an' ¦'¦ they - took ; me •; back. . . The
super .gave" me* a" ; lickin* for fair^an' told
me ..'f ; Igive him the slip again he'd ! stick'
me -*in r » the* dungeon. ".Well, 'T I 'seen^J. kids
blggerln ; me I come i out ; b' ' th« • dungeon";} I
ain't ' a* baby, but* I couldn't stand for It—
I it ain't goin* . to lie . abou^*-J[t.! ¦' I '- stayed
there' 1 a year, aii'/got to be one" o' the boss
kids "o'.the'shop^An^ you know what that
jnearis7: Ruderick,'.- he"-, say; 'the' kids that
ain't' bosses"."; look} ¦ up ;>. to- you Van' \ thinR
you're a de'ad . fly blokes They , keep crack-
Michigan Kid, but the coppers all know
him as 'the fly Detroit crook,' Ha aloft
been In prison In the last ten years, an'
yet he's doln' stunts right along. He* a
sot a block 6' houses out la Trisco an*
owns a bis gamblln' joint In Chi— an' X
guess he grafts ten thousand every year
besides. He's so slick they can't touch
him. He shows up 'n Detroit every now
and then, and they lock him up as a
suspicious character If It's circus day or
there's some bis convention on; but they
have to let him go In a few days. Thara**
blokes that call him a freak; they say *t
he had luck. That's rot- If all the crook*
in this country had that kid's brains
they'd be just as successful. I tell you
brains count for as much In this business
as they do In bankln'. If you ain't sot
'em. you can't bo A No. L
"I saw the -.kid 'bout a year ar* ov*r
in York. -an' he told me 't his fov*nor still
had a reward out for any one *t *ud ftva
him news of his son. He read 'bout It, ha
said, in a Western paper. He asked ma if
; I thought he ought to writ© ta tha old
man/'ol told 'im no. "Kid/ I says, "you
decided, 'bout that 'way back when you
an* me j was in tha pen together. You
couldn't. stay home if you went there, so.
why make a bull an* show up at all?"
'•"I hate to make the gov'nor f»el bad. 1
he says.
• '" 'That may.be. Kid,' I iays, "but you
ought to 'a thought that out years back.
It's ; too late now.' He agreed with me."
Once again the bolts of the door not of
heaven were shot back, and this tliaa
there was no letter to b« delivered.
"All ready, boys," the Sheriff called;
"his Honor's waiting on you."
The men and boys were handcuffed to
gether in couples.
luck, fellows'." we cried after
them.
And in solemn procession, with tha
Sheriff at the h«ad, they went to their
fate. Some of them are still "doin' time. ,
others are again waiting for sentence day
and a few have passed on to that final
court from which there i3 no appeal, and
which they-dr«ad least of alL
/'What surprised 'lm most was the priv"
leges a bloke . can ; get In the Pen; If he
knows! how. 'I had 'lm out o* the foundry
ahv'in the feather pipkin' department—
-the softest snap in the place— a weekafter
¦I -took: hold 'of him. -There was a detect
ive.'t had the run o'.the place, anVhe an'
thelwarden gra'*-KJ together. _•: -ae fly.'cop
>would. find out which prisoners could raise
the stuff to make It Intcrestln' fqr"him to
go ' to the warden- an' ask favors . for 'em.
: an' i then he an 1 - the warden .*ud divvy. I
'- kne w ~ the ;. fly " cod * from * way" back . an' I
• worked " him ¦ without I money._ He i knew 't
I'was pretty .wise, an' he" came tojbe one
day.'an' gave 'me a straight steer. Says
he: ,'McKlowd. I If .'you'll '/ put 'me ; next j to'
anythin',, that you know's goin'.' on outside
¦¦ I'll : v stand t orj_ something ; soft : here \ in : the
-Jv^i.' -: He knew ,'t I • knew the blokes out-,
Bide an* wasi likely to be able to tell him
what' they, was doln', an' he > wanted * to
get wise, off me.
" 'Ruderick, my gov'nor'll never see me
again. I'm a thief, an' he'll feel better
thinkin* I've croaked.'
"He meant it, an' for the. next twelve
months-^-he celled with me a year — I done
my best to make him a wise one. I don't
know, if you ever trained a Kid or not, but
let me tell you that there ain't anythin'
nicer in this 'world than fashionln* a
youngster with brains.' It's jus' like train
in"' a kid ¦ o" your own.- You" watch . him
gettin' next, day after day. , an' ; you keep
sayln*. to yourself : 'I'm doln* this. They
Cot to'give\ME credit for him.' It's dis
couragin' as the devil when the kid ain't
smart, but that kid *t I had was smart as
they make 'em. He'd catch on to what I
was describin' to him 'fore I'd even fin
ished what I was sayln'. •! see, I see,'
he'd say; an'- I could go on to some thin*
else.
"Well, I don't need to tell you how I
felt— that kid *t I'd been bankln' on I I
suppose I ought to "a braced him up again
an' talked the „ warden about him an' got
his gov'nor on his track, but a fellow like
rap ain't good for two stabs at reformln',
an' I done just the opposite. A man's
skill aches in him till he gets It out, jus'
like the -right words for a thing, an* I
trained him to be a professional. I didn't
do it right away. For nearly six months
I kept squeezin' my brains to figure out
what I ought to do; but it's a temptation
to a. fellow like me to "have a chance to
make a good thief out of a smart kid. I
don't know if j - ou've .ever been in* the
same fix yourself, but to me sometimes
the temptation to hand on what ' you
know's worse'n whisky. You see, I've
always been a crook,' an' I can't, help,
flgurin' out what I can make of -a nervy
kid if I get my blinkers on him. 'Course
after what 1 1 told hhn three years before
In the jail 'bout goin' back to his gov'nor
an' bracln' up it seemed eatin'. my words
to give him the steer I did; but I was
square with him. One night I told him
what I would or wouldn't do, just as ha
wanted. 'Kid,' I says to him, 'I can put
you next, ¦ If you like, an' make you a
first-class grafter; but you want to make
up your, mind for keeps whether you
want to be one or not. You can't play
with the business. You got to forget all
about the gov'nor. Once a grafter, you've
got to stick to it if you're goin' to suc
ceed.' -
THBT SUNDAY-^OAIiI^
8
ON
SENTENCE DAY.
Watch for the
...Beautiful...
Thanksgiving
Edition
NextSunday Call
Women and Children's Section> ; .Th"e ' girl ' who rambles about Just 'for
fun has a nobby pair of boots, Just the
kind that she fairly; revels ' in showing.
In th© first' place they, are made of buck
akin;'uppers and are ' soft and pretty to
look ¦ at '}- There realy ls 'nothing distinctive
about ;them'"other than" the elk soles,
which j keep them from slipping.' but they
are quite the nobbiest looking on the mar.
ket and are worn ' hy} hosts of girls "who
would ; run for. dear, life" if they chanced
to'meet a stray cow in a nearby/ flold,;
. There is , a natty - looking ', shoe made • of
the : samejnaterial^ that is J,worn^Dy.^the
lassie fair who likes to loll about! in ham
mocks and now and then go as far as the
tennis ; court to see what ; is 1 ' going (on.! She :
wears heavy shoes because she considers
'lt^theJproper, s c^er t to*do\W'lnfth'e''oonn^''
try, and 'she selects^ the buckskin' because
they^ look more ilike^thej summer" shoes of
kid - or " canvas ¦ than anything ;' else. '
j 4 In her shor t white duck or . canvas skirt
she saunters to and from' the dining-room
«4 msstsaagLlss$s£ssjk JsMii^SKSi
ping on the hillside, for * they act like
so many spikes, and at the same time
lend a spring and buoyancy that rubber
alone Imparts. ; '
Riding in the car. ; one .would never
dream that they were other than the
ordinary walking .boots showing under a
short skirt ; unless I the ; soles were tipped
up, and as there is no occasion for that,
the ! enthusiast : can "don her regalia and
go serenely on ; her v . way -.without troub
ling to Tcarry along ' the bothersome, 1 tell
tale bag. ,;•".;
n for the athletic womanl
I \ Her victory over the shopman has
I I been won, and, what ls more "to
~7 the point, won with a vengeance.
In this age and generation she can
go about equipped as she likes best and
not a* torn* clerk behind a counter ad
vises. For she has boots, all kinds of
boots, and more than ' she could have
fancied In her wildest moments.
French heels are pretty and there ls no
use denying It. When a dainty, chic girl
crosses the street with a lot of pretty,
fluff -fluffs the tiny high heel adds a grace
that nothing else can and all the learned
men from now until the crack of doom
can prate and preach on the bad effects '
that Invariably result from their use, but*
used they will be Just the same and the
doctors had far better save their breath.
But French heels are not always the
proper caper. In fact, there ar« hosts of
times when they are a perfect ~abomini£j.
tion and more to be avoided than the most
deadly plague. The trim, little trotter that '.
gives any girl such a Jaunty appearance is
positively ruined when .worn with ,- any
but the military or the low, flat heel, and
as society will not tolerate what is termed
as "a flat foot," or more commonly known
as a broken-down arch, there isn't very
much choice left.
The woman who thinks It her bounden
duty to rush to the country, to keep away
nervous prostration, or aa It has come to
be called "Americanltis,';' had I > better
look a little nearer home, for. the reason
of her feet. But If she does deem It es- .
sentlal to her happiness - she can take
along an array of shoes and boots that
will b* ! a constant source of delight to
her. .
There really Isn't any wonder that the i
woman who wears a shoe Just because "it
ls swell" ls* tired y and cross and every- '[
thlngthat Is bad to have about v Etvery
step she takes Is just that much toward
a violent headache that Is bound to come
during the course I of ' the day, for every '
mov© Jars her entire body from the tip *
of her head to her toes, and after a series
of shock* her brain refuses to work prop
erly and she goes to bed In self-defense.
"The athletlo girl Is the one that is best
fitted out and every, time she 'puts . her '
foot' do wn to the ground you may depend
upon It that she ' takes solid ' comfort, yet
at the same time she has been ' clever
enough*; to combine smartness " with ease
land she. trips along perfectly conscious of
i the fact ; that she 1* • clad faultlessly from
the ground up. ' •¦, '
Th« >ery swslle«t and the Very, newest
things in the line of footwear ls what ls
termed the automobile boots. And what
beauties,', theyj are, 'tool ? In the first place^
they are made of a leather that is never
employed in any other shoe, unless it -be*
; the riding boot. A soft, verrety skin, that
looks much like undressed kid, and in a
. way like* fur, for It changes color and
shades from light to dark, according to
the way; It' i*j rubbed.-'.
The sole itself is of msdram weight and
fetched wltJa . yfUogr,. p& Cw fc«i la Ms&
and broad in order . to make a firm toot-*
Ing or to catch in the stirrup, for the two
makes of boots are as much alike as two
peas from the same pod. ;¦•
Just over the instep is where the rub
comes "and what really . characterizes the
': make ' of ' a'; good ; ; shoe. : .When the boot
' is drawn on ? It • looks ' large and one ls
; apt to say: -.'1 can swim ; ; In this," but
when It ha* slipped along , a little \ further j
and ' the Instep ; grows 'snugger . and snug
ger, it looks bb though trouble were com
mencing to ' ¦ brew?i It requires : a bit , of
tugging and pulling?; but when they ¦ ar«
once on the bulge.f Is comfortable and
permits ] freedom." \ About ' the calf of the
leg ' they., gradually,- ooinmencs to get • a
; llttl e ti gh ter ; until ; theyi fit perfectly, : for,
v while they are stiff j about i the cuff,- hard
riding might pull> thenv down;; and then;
they • will , not - only^ be ugly, but ¦uncom
fortable - in '.-, the bargain. ;; r ;
Of course one thing always calls ; tor
, another, and • this * automobile j boot Is but
¦ one of many accessories. • Before one or
,'deirs' • or^ even 'dreams' of ;. them . there
:. should be a short skirt , of the same soft'
¦ leather, "with • a ? pair Xot % Imlckerbockers.
"any waist .wllK do, for "It; lsVen
;." tlrel y" • covered '"- with a ,v double-breasted
: Jacket,; lined i with % fur for \ a <sbft flannel,"
* and ' filled ; with \ pockets*enough\ to 'delight
'the heart : of any woman, no' matter^how
: ;cranky. ; A { trig ,' cap \ of the ; same • com- 1
pi e tee the outfit and Miss Automobile can
fly along on the wind as ; snug, as , a bug
In a rug and never gtre a thought toiler
wrauisac upArjsl «xu» km ft? t** cttigr,
pair of knickerbockers and held In place
by rubber straps that go about the waist
or over the shoulders.
A leather Jacket that Is warm and wind
proof - and an Indian helmet should bs
part* of her. outfit and then she can wade
about and Tand her fish as well as tho
most, expert fisherman, provided, of
course, that she has mastered the art of
knowing when she has a "bite," but, as
a rule, unless she has gone Into the sport
pretty thoroughly she would never dreamt
of wasting her money for such an unat
tractive costume.' but rather invest in a
host of bewildering frills and furbelows.
Taken all together, even among tho
athletic women, there are scarcely a hun
dred among a thousand feet that are ever
shod in a way that la sensible and yet
stylish at the same time. The girl* who
delights in the high heel gets them higher
and higher until she Is walking about on
stilts at least three or four Inches high
and sometimes even as many as five,
and the girl who boasts that she Is pos
sessed with common sense gets them
lower and lower until she has reached the
other, extreme.- .
. Every woman wishes pretty feet and
very few, possess them.* ; And it isn't be
cause they pass -over their footwear with
little or no consideration or because they
grudge the money spent ' in: that fashion,
but * It • ls ; simply b«caus* i Mme. Fashion
has set her, approval on this and that and
there ls ; . no J gainsaying her. - But fortu
nately for the ' athletic ; girl ¦ this ; exacting
dame has looked and scrutinized at these
latest and has affixed her seal so the com
ing winter : and spring.: will see all i th*
country 4. trunks 'well [ laden . down", with * a
goodly supply of smart, durable, ssnsibls
boots that will, b« the dlstlnctlye feature
of th*j crosa-cqantri^i^rLr r- -:¦ .*-
"I didn't." protested Miss Mlnta, look
ing Inclined to fly for her life. "There
was a great spider on the ball, and In try-
Ing to shake It away and fling it Into the
yard. I accidentally tossed the yarn too "
"It was providential,", aaid the doctor
stealing an unabashed arm about Miss
Mlnta, •for the clew led me straight to
paradise.**
•Then— 0ayb* It was fate, after alL"
The doctor stepped Joyously forward
Miss Aminta turned primly aside.
"Since" you think the role of clergy
man's wife my only fitting one—"
"But I don't." cried the doctor, "some
body's been lying like Ananiaa. I think—"
The gleam of light from the door sud
denly widened and a hilarious young mob
rushed out shouting lawlessly.
"Goody, goody." shrieked Mlnta May
.-Aunt Mlnta threw a ball of yarn and
Dr. Ixtveland has found It."
Amlnta's forehead took on a mystified
frown. "I know nothing about any min
ister's slippers; and I should scarcely
think. of knitting them out of crimson
vrorsted If I did. Poor brother Tom suf
fers from rheumatism and wants some
krttted wristlets-" .
"I thought at first It might be fate and
that she was going to be kind," he said
"but I recognlxe the skein of red wool!
and— of course the minister must have his
elSppers by Christmas."
If Dr. lx) velar. d> horse had not been
lame, and therefore Incapacitated for
V usiness on the 30th of October, and if
Dr. Lorelaod, out on a foot expedition
and caught by the autumn nightfall, had
not taken a short cut through Miss Ap
pleton's V ack premises, the akeln of ro
znance so skillfully tangled by Mrs. Lynd
might have remained tangled indefinitely.
However, the doctor did take the short
cut, and treading gingerly through the
late, crisp grass he stepped upon some
round object that gave pliantly under the
pressure of his foot. A slender, long glim
mer of light came from Miss Aminta's
kitchen and fell upon a Blight crimson
line running to the, door, which arose,
taut, as the doctor lifted the object from
the- ground— a ball of red zephyr wool
Walking deliberately to the house he
wound the strand of thread as he went
«p the etep and onto the porch, where
Miss Aminta stood, a startled look on her
face, which was pale in that yellow light
end four ehining knitting needles In her
hand, from which ran the crimson thread.
The doctor stepped suddenly back, his
face glooming.
Miss Arainta promised to surrender her
premises to the youthful besiegers, and
1* tired from the field with flushed cheeks
and a curious expression In her serene
«iay e^e6. %jpt
"and she must try her fortune, tool Mrs.
1 yr.ii said Dr. L>oveland said she'd m^ke
a rp'.endid wife for the minister."
No elderly people — except her. It was a
little pplash of cold water In her face.
Ar-.inta warn't 30, and had never called
besacU nor before been called elderly. But
in the eye* of these candid Infants, rang
ing from 10 to 18. Ehe felt she must Indeed
be In the sere and yellow leaf.
"Aunt Minta's Just as sweet and pretty
a? a girl," asserted Minta May stanchly.
"And there won't be so dreadfal many
of us— only just us young folks." sup
r lamented Myrtle. "We don't want any
eluerly people at all, except ycu. Aunt
M nta." .¦- .-.v ¦¦:
the doctor acknowledged, "she
J d commission me to pet her a skcln of
o'«tf fP >r ~ h * y? " The «c!amatory
qj^stlon was prompted by the droll grim-
V-^f™, < y Mrs - Lynd: her «ysbrowi-
l ° tW ° acute *°S l e* and he
rn utn puckered comically.
• Re-i rpphyr-the parson needs new s'.ip
pers and Just that old-fashioned
to. work 'em herself; and Just got tlm*
t 'tween now and Chri«tmas. Well
i.i:nta- s about prim and stiff and antique
eur.ugb to make a model wife for a par
e?n. Don't you think so, doctor?" !
'•Yes.' eaid tbe doctor, "or for any one
*V* who knows the light brand." He
ororc onward, pondering. The autumnal
•Irht B'.ar.red acroes the road In deep,
v «rm Biriie. A late b!rd sang a laxy
ectinsa sor.g from a thorn thicket. Na
ture v.as in a sweet and a serepe mood.
A -id v»t. e!I Dr. Loveland's morning Jol
l.tv t as overshadowed.
Miss App>ton's many nieces and
rrpf,*»8, reinforced and abetted by their
f.izmm. had moat piteously petitioned for
? Ha lo-we'en party at the roomy old
h- nr.estfad in whose sole ownership she
rejoiced.
'Its th«» only house we know of with
Fi;rh a big. nice kitchen," appealingly
arced Aminta Mar, her pretty namesake,
v hoe? eighteenth birthday had Just
launched her as a village society bud,
"aiA. of course, we have to play all the
trices in the kitchen."
Mrs. i^yr.d. a bloomin* pink and pearly
«->4ow. fairly l^ng in wait for him
in th t shade of her frilly little buff por
tico ar.d the doctors predictions as to the
r umber of her needs in the shopping tin*
«£! VCrified - She handed W« a^alatj
I ttle memorandum book. "You'll find the
.1st her*." she said sweetly, "all at Bob
? k^ W: J hlLre « * ecoo « there.
I suppose Mlnta Appleton didn't conde-
SSLTJtjr? sho 5 for her: - h « "™y
ut her V^ T 1 d ° Mythln <f Properly
f .r er Now - la not a bit fuasy my-
The doctor chuckled In his boyish way,
then fell to wordrring. as h<» stowed away
U fs Amintas silver doliar. wtjy she haj
refused 10 join in his merriment, and had
turned so abrurtly about to resume her
sweeping. It was a little unusual for the
lac:<s to be unresponsive when he offered
to fhop for them.
"Sure.*" returned the doctor heartily.
"I've picked ua some little Job at every
hous* I've passed. There's one mor« —
Mrs. Lyr.ds. Guess ehe'Il have enough
commissions to keep me hustling the bal
ance of the day."
"I don't Think I ne*:d anything— oh, well.
y*s; ycu xr.lght get me a skdn of crimson
zephyr wool, if you will."
The doctor drew up at the gate^
"Any errands in town to-day. Miss
Mirta?* h<? called out cheerily. "I'm out
of patients fpun unprcrnc-ditatftd) and
running <rrands for the ladies."
Aminta leaned her' smooth fair chin
wren ihe top of the broom-handle, coa
l< mpLittitnely,
w'fJJkvrJ^B" l»?f i'l-ow leav. e from
hcr tr:m walk Dr-
Love land catae «lrtvlnx
ri^W^v/^R'*' 011 ' tte dusl y white
[>^£^i^.awl road t0 *** village,
\j£*C&'*>*zisf:'s*& The October sunsfcis«
h»d rr.ellov.-ed the morntes 1 chJII and w*a
rrakirg free with Hiss Arplftoa's brown
hair, caufirg Jt to scnd.cui r.d and r»ld
j-viarrs that no cne would suspect lurked
in Us fiusky Etranda.
Wh«r« ¦hall w, laadT God's graael
I know not aay place
80 fair a. thla.
Bvranw b«r» b«tw*«n th« htam
Of •««. and aky, wtta you
To aik ra# with a kJja
Where i!udl w* land?
1 "That's a, very pretty verse," sals the
Girl. "But I 'haven't asked you with—
with anything where w« shall land. "We
shall land at the hotel from which we
started an hour ago, and it's almost t!m«
to start back. I expect my part la ths
afternoon mail, and I am dying to sea it."
"You love your work so much, then?**
"Better than anything "»* In the
world." ..;'.
"I have r-ad the book and I think ths
part will fit you." said ths Man. "On*
book reviewer said that the heroin* vu
the most appealing typo ever pr«s«ntsd
In fiction."
"Your speech wa* almost pretty." said
the Girl. "At any rats If* by far t3*
nicest thing you have said to me this
summer. But yon say that X can't act."
"No more you can," said ths Man,
cheerfully. "You don't have to, you know.
Besides, remember that I tempered my
criticlam." J^
"I have it by heart," said the Oirifl
"You did say some rather nice things
about my looks and my personality. So I
am Inclined to be lenient with you. But
do you really mean to say that you think
I never will become a great actress?"
"There Is about as much chance of you
becoming a great actress as there Is for
Duss going Into musical comedy. Some
people are born stars, some achieve the
lofty eminence, and some have stardom
thrust upon them; you were born a star,
I but you really can't act a little bit."
"It's rather unkind of you to keep re
minding me of It. I have managed to for
give you for all your harsh criticism of
last winter." .
"And if you forgive me. what then?"
"Why. . ,tben, w» can , be friend*, can't
we? I've always heard that you would
never make any acquaintances among the
profession for fear that your criticism
woul be biased by personal prejudice. You
won't be prejudiced against me when X
come out in my new play, will you?"
"Have mercy on your servant! Ths
alarm you display 1* flattering but not
convincing. You know that I am nothing
but a crusty old* writer and you don't
care a hang what I%ay. You know that
the public will go to see you, even though
you do act Ilk* a dramatic school gradu
ate. It's you they go to seo and you they
care for. not your art. And I don't seo
why you should object to harms; the fact
stated."
"It 1* not kind of you to say that. Wh£|
do you come to see met"
'To paid to go," said ths man, grin
ning.
"And do you only com* whsn you ax*
compelled to do so?"
"You played in New York sixty-three «|
times last'year. Of costs*, X was there
the first night."
* "Yes, ' to " wrlto your horrid crloclanv
But didn't yon come any mor«?"
"I dropped In occasionally. Bixty-on*j
times, I think the •occasionally' wa*>
Once I had another first-night to cover.
•That's better, ever so much better.
Now tell me why you dropped In forth*
sixty times you didn't have to coma.
••Not for art's saks." /*
"Then it must have been- fa* the sam*.
"•^didn't admit it to myself until I n»t
you this summer. But It U a fact.
••The sky is so blue, and th» cloud* are
bo white, and I am so happy." Tests waj
the lilt of a song In her .voice as she rs-
Deated the words.
••Of course you are happy. You are
young and beautiful, and everything.
Why shouldn't you be happy?"
"I am happy— for many reason*. On*
«f the rtasons ls that you com* to see
me for the same reason that othar peopl*
d "'lf we go back to the hotel you win
find your part waiting for you and will
take the train back to town to-night V
"4es? e re"°eanal3 b«im the first of tha
W '^And If we go back to ths hotel I win
take the afternoon train back to town and
smoke and write 'and be lonely «*»»•
erable all.thls winter," as a statement
"I can't help It If you .do. It isntT«r
fault that you are going to smoke and
write and be miserable." ZZnilt v««^
"I wa* Just telling you what would nap-
If not at the hotel?"
"On the other side of the lake ls a vil
lage, a beautiful little village.
"Yes. I have been there. But wha.. has
that to do with the question of where we
U "Tnere Is a quaint old-fashioned church
in the village and a quaint priest In tho
church."
"Yes?" — -CawqJBHSB
••If we land at the village you can send
a telegram to your manager . telling him
that you have retired from the stage."
"What a preposterous idea! Why should
I send him such a foolish telegram?"
"So that I need never be lonely or mis
erable again." :*9BBJ0H|BB0N
"Take care, or , you win upset the ca
noe."
"Where shall we land?"
"In the river. If you are not careful."
"Will you be serious?"
"We will both be very serious and very
wet If you upset the canoe.V
"What is your answer?";
. "Are you sure there is a- telegraph of
fice in the village?"
ty'-V rj>-.-/ HE clouds are so
L^J^fs^Qwl whlte and the sky l3
I •*<ri'Hl\S>-f» 8O blue ' and 1 ara so
**AV»[/A» ; f' happy." said the Girl.
j (ov^B^rT^ " The sky ls b!ue - 3C>
lr\M/iIif^>^li bIue > alinost as blu »
I 1 *)Jsi* $ f ?9 B as y° ur eyes. But I
li'»"f ii nnfiiia aji g don>t be ii eve that I
am happy," said the Man. trailing his
paddle. ..bf
"But you should be happy." said the
Girl, -it i 3 a perfect day and to-night
wo are going to leave to take up our work
ft *, aln * T ° U love your work . don't you?"
"Y-e-s. I suppose I do," the Man re-
Piled, hesitatingly. "But there are so
many other things I love. For instance"—
"The white clouds, the blue sky and
drifting in a canoe. You are a bit lazy.
I am afraid."
"I didn't mean the cloud*, nor the »*T-A
nor drifting in a canoe. I meant— but it
can make little difference to you what Z
did mean. Do you remember that llttl*
verso of Reilly's: I
SMART
BOOTS
FROM THE
ATHLETIC
WOMAN
A BAIL1L
OF RED
WOOL
Ey H. WHi4l»ey.
By W.'W. Hiraes.
SHALL, WE
LAND?
;; On the? sol* and looking like so - many
small stilt* are rubber studs, four on the
heel ; and seven on the ball of the foot,
and they really are the maklngof the
Rhoe. There is not much chance of slip-
The f olX girt who wield* a club and
stride* over th* ground like a graduate
from \ Tale delight* / in high ¦ shoes with
rubber studs. The sole Is probably three
' quarters of an , Inch thick and the heels
a»^ooirwo»«ln«ly;bltli. Both to* land
heel are reinf oroed so they will stand al
most Any amount of scuffing and ' rubbing
before wearing . through,' and 'one .beauty
about' them ; is .that they are almost al
ways made of : -brown leather,? and the
scratches, while;; they -show tb;a certain
extent, are not nearly a* : disfiguring a*
they would be on a, black ground.
However, with this Jumper it Is per
fectly impossible. The skirt part la so
long that any amount of waving and
flourishing of arms couldn't possibly make
the band slip, and if any support Is con
sidered necessary a couple or three but
tons would answer far. better and save
one from a series of ugly, scratches, for no
matter how. well behaved pins are or how
carefully trained, they are apt to break
loose once in a while and fight until' blood
is drawn.
There are any number of boots made
for tramping, varying in shapes, rein
forcements and leather, but all practically
for the same purpose. No matter how
good a pair of shoes might b« or how
comfortable they are not sufficient pro
tection, when scrambling over fences or
climbing trees is on the tapis, and even
if It Is but a matter of breaking through
brush the branches are all too ready to
reach out their arms and scratch/ and
if they give the leather a vindictive dig
it don't make much difference, but other
wise look out for trouble.
The one difference between a tramping
boot and a hunting one lies in the cuff.
Generally the top is made of horsehide,
but instead of lacing to the top and end
ing as most of them ordinarily do,, they
have what is called an "Improved cuff,"
or In other words a cuff of some four or
five Inches in width that is stitched
about the top of the boot and buckle
snugly on the side. VI
The pride of the girl who enjoys angling
for the true sport that is In It is the new
fishing boots. They are made of robber:
and come any length, from the knee- to
the thigh and even the bib effects that
men love to wear to wade about in the
middle of a stream. They are light. in
weight and can be Blipped over a snug
These new "knickers" are made for all
the world like men's riding trousers. Full
and baggy about the hips and gradually
lightening about the thighs until at tfie
knee they fit perfectly. Instead of the
elastic that used to cut and bind, there
are a row of small buttons that fasten
Just below the knee and that make the
knickerbockers so snug that they may b«
clipped into the boots if one so pleases.
¦The waist of this suit is a delight for
ever, that is. if it can be given the dig
nity of the name waist, for if the truth
were j told It resembles nothing else but
the miner's Jumper that he wears with
overalls. The collar is a little turned-up
affair that is fastened firmly on the band
and. that never slips out of place or re
quires a half-dozen; pins. But where its
chief beauty , comes in is about the belt
line.,;' If there is one thing more awkward
looking or more. untidy it Is the safety pin
that grins and grins from under the neat
leather belt. ; It tries to see if It cannot
succeed in 'making itself, known in the
world and it, there, is the Iea3t ghest of
'a show pokes. Itself out and stares every
One boldly in the face. '.:**'
There is a, particularly good costume
worn with this shoes made of khaki. The
skirt is of rather a snug cut. flaring at
the bottom, but buttoning tightly about
the hips, jmt It is short. Scandalously so.
the scandalmongers would say. for It nev
er extends lower than the knees and
looks decidedly impudent and saucy as It
flaps about In the breeze.
Under it is worn the new cut of
knickerbockers and they are not at all
like the bloomers of several years ago.
In fact, the athletic girl of to-day would
*corn to be seen wearing anything so old
styled and primitive, not to mention its
homeliness, for there is no getting away
from the fact that they are perfectly hid
eous. •
-Instead there is a boot, full length,
that. has' been turned out for Just such
purposes. It ; Is made of heavy brown
leather, Blucher style, and has an Inner
sole that Is warranted to keep out the
water, and which promises at the same
time to "neverslip." Up and down one
may tramp -with the utmost unconcern,
through briars and bushes, over marshes
and through meadows, and feel confident
that camp will be reached in exactly aa
good shape as it was left.
of th* road and the dust that lies In the
middle of It, but she takes precious rood
care to keep distinctly away from It, al
though as far as th» shoes are concerned
that Is precisely -what they are made for.
Read wear and tramping about on wet,
lawns, but not for cross country tramp-
In*. ... . , V
THE SUNDAY CAM*
10
Magnificent
Pictures
Thanksgiving Jt
Edition
Next Sunday
7 Call.
Octave Tnanet's
Strange Tale
Thanksgiving
Edition
Next Sunday
Call.WHEN BEAUTY 15 ON THE WANE
Day after day finds the. scratchy. pencil
at its post, and day after day /.Cupid
watches and grins like a;ftendlsh elf won
dering within himself how' much longer
self near a lrkely victim ..and then pays
the strictest attention to the theme. In
the meantime her busy eyes 'are i taking
In tfce_propositlon and she is- calmly wait
ing her chance. And it's" as sure to come
as the^un is to rise. Trust a pretty girl
and a susceptible fellow for that; No
"prof" on: earth could prevent thisf little
by-play that is carried on" right ' along
under h!« verV nose. : : ; •¦ ' ' - : •'¦'¦';.
Oh, she's a grand bluffer is this lady
petite and the best part of. the whole
thing is that she works her little scheme
eo cleverly that but few are ever the
wiser, although many are far sadder.
Of all girls the one who takes the lec
ture course deserves not only the bun
but the entire bakery thrown in. She is
Madame Foxy. At the beginning of the
term she sizes things up. with a weather
eye and if the situation looks promising
promptly decides within her own mind
that it is high time for her to enter the
fray, and accordingly she sets out with
flying colors to do or die. ' •
Oh. yes, she goes to college. That
sounds well. But the funny part of It
is that «he Is not even registered and
no one would be the wiser if she "cut"
every period in the day. She walks In
with her pencil and pad, deposits her-
tivated by a good, substantial education.
Does Milady fair tiudgc off to college
because she is thirsting for the wisdom
that she has been taught flows from
there? Well, hardly.- If such a one there
be let her stand forth as a rarity. Grant
ed she carries the regulation books and
puckers up her brow and looks the very
picture of charming despair until some
pitying chap tries to tide her over the
pesky difficulties and wakes up some
bright day to find himself head over heels
In the mire. • '.'•;].
The old saying, "Boys will be boys,"
applies quite as well to girls, even If
their minds have been broadened and cul-
THE coV.cpe girl, bless her heart.
looks like such a simple, unsophis
ticated sort cf lassie bent on attain
ing a higher eduotlon and making
a name for herself that will be held
up as a bright and shining: examplf as a
record smasher for years to come.
A record breaker in "math" or Greek
cr the like, did I hear you say? Well.
rather not. Such little trifles are but
tapping stones that she finds useful In
her dally jaunts and she uses them mere
ly because they are a necessary evil that
aid «nd abet her cause.
Oh. she's demure and dainty and lovable
sli ri«ht. and when she practices her
tiT.LiS*nd and or.e foibles, her flirtatious
conceits ar.d her frilly mannerisms she is
more than a match for the most invinc
ible man that ever trod the campus.
And if that little title "woman hater"
ehou'.d by ar.y hook or crook come to her
ears what a barrel of fun she has and
what a jolly tune she pipes. Well, there's
±0 use talking, just let Miss Innocence
with her fluffy hair and. big blue eyes, take
tLfter a. big stalwart six-footer and he
might Just as well throw up his bands
end beg for mercy or else hie himself to
& land where women are non est. for
there seems to be something particularly
fascinating about a "hard catch" and
the average college coquette considers her
time profitably spent if she can land him
high and dry at her feet. . for pray tell,
has she not added a new' scalp to her
belt?
It is all very well enough and good to
prate about your Indians. There are
more ways than one of killing a man, al
though to be sure, one Is a sort of an
exquisite torture that men never run
snore than ten miles to escape from.
It's all very fit and fine for dear mammas
to fclt at home with folded hands and
dream of Mary Jane's wonderful aptitude
for Latin or Sarah Ann's marvelous abil
ity for Greek, but If they could peep into
their rooms and see the amount of curl
ing, primping and smoothing out to re
ceive the best ever they might have a lit
tle food for thought.
Why la it that fathers and mothers for
get that to-day Is exactly the same as
yesterday and that to-morrow will find
chaps cutting recitations and girls adding
a rose here and a bow there instead of
bothering their brains over the inside
workings of a mechanical proposition that
they really don't care two figs about any
way?
every .' minute spent with him, but he
must not be allowed to think. so for one
single" moment. Men are queer creatures.
Just the i second they | imagine they are it
a cart j of tlred^ feeling comes- over them
and^thev. roam' away, seeking .'for newer
ahd^other. fields ;• to .conquer,*' but if they
see .'an array-'; of -" fellows v elbowing and
crowding about, a "girl that they. consider
a ; bit • of . personal • pro.perty ¦ their Ire is
aroused | and '. they'd; fight at the ' drop of
.theJhat.V B( * * - '.'* • C:; ;¦*. ' vV"'--- - : ' -
.So. instead "Oft dispensing favors freely
she keeps him >'at her, feet ".begging fora
dance' and now- and '.then? she. calls him
out in the german as a sort of tantalizer.
He must do ; all the asking,* all "the woo
ing; she grant all the' favors. *-';:
To be sure, there are more. ways than
one of getting -what you want. . A care-
I Then- comes a bit of diplomacy J on the
glrl k s- ; part.-' Perhaps Uhe ; fellow. Is a
dandy "dancer and] she^thoroughly enjoys
the fellow can possibly hold out. H«
knows ; it Is such a one-sided proposition,
but the fellow don't know it and prob
ably in his egotism fancies he could make
his own little earth spin in any direction
that he pleased. • But instead he Is being
spun and twirled until . he will ~. be so
tightly wound up^ that there will' be no
earthly hoses for 'him. l>; -V ,.
*"- Coming j into I class every day ... and sit-'
ting near a fellow for months couldn't go
on without -'speaking now. and then.. A
dropped handkerchief, a murmured thanks
and- there you 'are, ¦ What', more could
you "want? Just about this time the fel-.
low finds' out to hia surprise, if he loiters
about a, bit. be Is almost certain 'to meet
Miss Coquette. > : An* accident,- to be sure. ;
Even in the best regulated families they *
will happen now;and again, v^;. ; i
At the junior" Vp'rbm" the very first per-;
son he spies'; as he' enters .the hall la this
bewitching' girl. V In two; strides | he | has 1
crossed the ] floor -and "bowed low* before
the radlantfcreature in fluffy* masses, of;
white, and when he has. gathered her into
his arms and is floating about with a soft
orchestral ¦ accompaniment Mils cup of
happiness is full -to overflowing.
Helena F.. and Nellte-To make .sachet
powder take 4 ounces powdered orrlB root,
VA drams vanilla^ beans, powdered ; : 8 drops
oil of bitter almonds, 'and : 8, drops' attar
For another exercise, lie face downward
upon the floor, the feet ,belng ; held un
der a heavy chair or lounge. Clasp the
hands behind the waist and' very ' slowly
raise the body and carry It backward
as far as possible. Then lower once more
to position. ! . ••• ¦', . . .¦ r.v -
Queenle.— To strengthen.. the ! muscles of
the spine, first raise • your body upon
your toes, then sink to the- ground, bend
ing the kneeB until the leg and thigh are
almost upon each other, , r the* upper por
tion of the body remaining E perfectly
erect. ¦ \ : ' - - .'
Clarice and Roberta.— Nothing, is. bet
ter for a ; dentifrice - than precipitated
chalk. Use it at least once a day. : It
Is very cleansing. For .-„ a v pure, \ cold
cream melt together % ounce each of
white wax s and spermaceti; ". When melted
add 1 ounce of oil of almonds and a lit
tle perfume, either extract of rose -or
violet. Stir' constantly until' cold- and
keep in a porcelain Jar. . Another good
cream Is made of 3 ounces of." ground
barley and 1 ounce of honey mixed to a
cream with the white of an egg. -This is
good for roughness of the skin. '-•'-¦- - ;
Dependent.— For eruption .on .the' face
bathe with hot water containlng.'po'wder
ed borax, % teaspoon borax.'to 1 pint of
water. Have the water as hot as can be
borne, then rub in sweet oil, rubbing it
in slowly and thoroughly. ' ;.' '
cure a case of catarrh.' Snuffing up, salt,
water is sometimes recommended, but it
is* rather; heroic treatment. -Sea bathing
Is infinitely jnore agreeable. '. ¦ < ', . '-'
- Jane Gray.— Yes, salt water bathing" Is
a remedy for catarrhal' troubles. One
season of swimming has been known to
Ping Pong.— The acknowledged standard
of weights is as follows;
Five feet 1 inch... .' .120 pounds
Five feet 2 inches .....126 pounds
Five feet 3 inches ..133 pounds
Five feet 4 Inches .:.;.. ....136 pounds
Fi\*e feet 5 inches.. ....;... .'...1.142 pounds
Five feet 6 Inches .........1145 pounds
Five feet 7 Inches. ........'.... ...'.149 pounds
Five feet 8 Inches ........153 pounds
Five feet 9 Inches ............162 pounds
Five feet 10 Inches.. .....;.'..:. .169 pounds
Five feet 11 inches '..'.-.. 1. ,...174 pounds
Six feet ..:..;*.... ..178 pounds
Clara.— There are several good prepara
tions which make the skin firm and fresh,
but this one is excellent:
Fresh strawberries, pulled. 3 pints
White wine vinegar........ I......... 1 quart
Let it steep seven days and strain.
X. Y. Z.— This certainly should whiten
your hands: Sweet and bitter almonds,
blanched and pounded Into paste, 250
grammes each; lemon Juice, GO grammes;
ewcet milk, 30 grammes; sweet almond oil,
SO grammes; brandy, ISO grammes. Try
it and see if the results are not perfectly
satisfactory. ,/¦
And now about your questions: (A) A
good powder will not hurt your skin in
the least, nor will it Increase .blackheads,
but you certainly should use nothing but
the best; for instance, the baby powder
is healing and will take away that dread
ed shiny nose. (B) Alcohol Is drying and
I should not advise your using it every
day, even a few drops, aa you mentioned.
Benzoin is cool, cleansinn and delightful
ly fragrant as well. Try It as an alter
nate. - .
blackheads are nothing but an accumula
tion of dirt, after all.
*, Picnics are all very well in their way,
but they most assuredly should be rele
gated to the -last of the week.* And these
little outings for. two. They're the only
¦ Only take precious good care and not
repeat the dose too often, for In that
event it Is Just as assuredly warranted
to kill. "With the lecture course It really
don't make so much difference as it might
but it plays sad havoc with anything else
and promises a splendid dose of cram
ming at the eleventh hour, with a pos
sible chance of being "flunked" out en
tirely, c ¦-¦;-< '•>.*
After'a dance,. ten to one. the first pe
riod has to be cut because there Isn't
time to prepare the subject, and it's
mighty easy and ever so much nicer to
saunter off on the hills and rest and jab
ber the mornings away. It's a vast im
provement on Chemistry, and is warrant
ed to drive the blue devils and headache
away.
People are always tremendously Inter,
ested In the doings of young people and
there is such a rattling fine opportunity
at a dance to watch unseen, and don't
forget. Miss Lady, that the chaperons
who sit and gossip are responsible for a
generous half of what Is said about your
foolishness.
lessly dropped hint, a partial suggestion
to others or a wistful longing and the
thing is yours to do with, as you please.
It's positively stupid for any girl to
dance six or seven, times .with one chap,
no matter how ;much she might fancy
him, and if they can't do better than that
they had far better stay at home and
shoo the rest of the family Into the back
of the house and then .sit and make
sheep's eyes at each , other where, at
least, ottfers can't have the fun of watch
ing them.
If by any chance this should not do. try
the green-soap method, which rareiy, if
ever, fails. Green soap can be purchased
at ary tirug shop, and, by the way, ft
is not grejen. Indeed, it is about the
color of custard. Bathe the face in hot
water, wringing cloths In hot water and
applying them to the face for about fif
teen minutes. Anoint the face with the
soap, rubbing it well into the pore3 for
about five or six minutes. Rinse the eoap
from the face with more hot water, using
a camel's hair brush in order to remove
all the soap and as many of the black
heads as will come. Dry the face and
anoint with a skin food or cream.- Con
tinue this treatment every night until the
blackheads have disappeared. Either one
of these treatments may sound long and
you may think them irksome, but bear in
mind that this need be kept up only until
they have vanished, when ordinary soap
and water with a good brush and an oc
casional application of green s6ap will
keep your face smooth and clean, for
"Cannenclta"— Obviously there Is but
one way to get rid of blackheads and
that Is by forcing them out of the
clogged pores. Certainly, they cannot be
drawn back whence they came, but in
pressing them out you should be more
than careful tb see that your skin is
properly softened, for an enlargement of
the pores immediately fills up again and
becomes more malignant.
For two or three weeks, until the skin
is thoroughly softened, apply a skin fcod.
If you are not quite certain about a pood
one. I will give you a receipt gladly.
Hake this application at night, after
washing the .face with a pure boap and
hot water. Be sure to rinse the soap out
of the face and dry the skin well before
applying the cream. At the end of such
time your skin should be soft and clean
and a moderate pressure will eject them
readily.
After all is said and done what is a col
lege, anyhow? Nothing more nor lesa
than an overgrown grammar school,
where people, are trained to be useful,
competent and happier In their everyday
life, but trained, nevertheless, as the lec
ture lassie knows full well, that a snug
apartment for two 13 worth an the
bachelor's quarters going; or for that
matter, all the colleges in the world
bunched together, and when it comes
right down to it, a course in metaphysics
really Isn't necessary, although it un
questionably Is inspiring.
And on the other hand, the college girl
may ngt nave been the happiest girl in
her class or tCe most popular one at a
dance, but when It comes down to a mat
ter of life the trained, disciplined mind is
hers and - she goes about the business of
housekeeping as though life held nothing
mor- fascinating for her. And it really
don ., for her practicability has shown h«r
that she may become the Joy of svery
one within the reach of her well kept
home,
School teachers are rarely. If ever, good
housewives, but the college girl has a
practical side to her education and it
has not been blunted by years of routine
work, and besides, as a rule, she is gen
erally well grounded in 0<rhat leads to
health, wealth and-, happiness, or in
plainer words, the culinary department.
You can talk abqut your colleges with
a great, big C and your women with a
great, big W and chatter about the tre
mendous advance in art. science and all
educational reforms, but the fact re
mains Just the same that a woman la
judgfd by her capabilities as a home
maker, and the happiest one on earth Is
she who finds the most congenial work
within her own walls and with her family.
College men are very human and the
brightest men love and marry the girl
who flutters about at pink teas and who
spends the greater part of her time select
ing becoming hats and elaborate what
nots. They want recreation and a rest
and find it in the idle chatter of these
china dolls. •
Once in an age you may find a girl who
is genuinely interested in her work and
she is quite another story.
She appreciates the value of time and
when a chap says he has some work to
do trots serenely on her way. and what
Is more to the point, she isn't hurt or
angry either.
Can't you fairly see the girl who always
asks the Impossible and plays the part of
the temptress? She comes tripping daint
ily along with a brilliant idea In her head
and begs you to "Come on. and cut your
work." "But what excuse could I offer?"
"Oh." with an airy wave of the hand,
"say you forgot."
Now fancy a girl with a grain of sensa
actually sitting up and gravely asking
any man to proffer such an excuse. Yet
she docs It all the time and never gives
it a second thought.
But this woman of broad culture know»
better, for she has been trained In th«
beauty of order, the grace of simplicity,
the value of system In all undertakings
and the wisdom of doing well in all
things, no matter how trifling they
may be.
wta keep eh* tear cf y*ra tasr Codjr
tc.» each other.
It don't make nroch difference haw
careful a girl may be, If she gfres an of
her time to one student the rest are more
than likely to leave her strictly alone.
In college etlauette, a "buttlnsky" la a
nuisance and deserves nothing short of
a gOOd ducking tO *"**•» him rninA blS
own business, or get and guard a lady of
his own. 80 it happens every time that
when one man is picked out to the ex
clusion of all others, the merry crowd
dwindles and falls away to the tune of
head shakes and "I wonders."
TBE RJKDAT-CALti.
11
thin* wr earth that makes Saturday amr
Sunday worth living lor. but it don t do
to set a reputation In that particular
line unless you are most awfully certain
of the fish that you Intend to fry. Bettes
take alons an extra two now .and then..
Just to take the curse off. as It were, and
If they have aa bad a ca«e as you evident
ly have, you will find that they will
readily gympathlte with you on th« gnady
corner and holdln* hands business, and
they won't be as much In your way as
j&u fancied they might be. Probably U
ETIQUETTE OF THE
COLLEGE GIRLLike a bird with brilliant neck plumage
the fashionable woman looks. Her neck
is encircled with a ruffle of some gay
color, while her gown may be ever so
subdued. The neck ruffles are made up in
scarlet, in blue, In green, in white and In
the tender shades of violet and the soft
tones of yellow. One can hardly get too
gay a ruffle, nor can the style or the ma
terial or the manner of making be too
extreme. Even women of conservative
tastes are wearing the bright colors
around the neck and there are collarettes
that are a mass of fancy coloring.
One thing counted with another, the
taste runs Into brown, and brown is used
in "every material. There are the soft
browns and the heavy browns and there
are browns that run off Into the reds.
Brown is by far the best color of the
year and everything is made In brown
from gowns and shoes to neck ruffles,
umbrellas and hats.
The brown rough goods make up in the
most charming way. There are very
rough zlbellnes with a brown background
and large white spots, and there are
brown camel's hair goods, which are just
the thing to trim with red.
The brown rough goods can be very
becomingly piped with red satin and with
red cloth. And the heavier the goods the
more the vogue for trimming them with
the softer materials of silk and satin.
' One altogether lovely piece of brown
goods, with a long, soft, silky surface, so
ruffles and many shirrings of silk and Is
adorned at the back of the neck with a
Very large chou of ribbon.
Another cape for evening wear Is fash
ioned of silk, and is trimmed with little
ruchlnga of cashmere arranged In rows
along the bottom of the cape.
Still another cape is made of very heavy
grade of peau de sole and is decorated
along the edge with ruffles of silk, while
the remainder of the cape is a mass of
embroidery. This cape is exceedingly
pretty for wearing to card parties and
small, evening affairs where one can wrap
a' scarf around one's head to match the
cape. .. .
The Picture Collarette. »
It Is scarcely to be expected that any
ityle could come in this season without
*lts picture-qualities, and the capes are no
exception to the rule that all dress must
be picturesque. There are many of the
cape family .that are more than picture
like, having qualities of decoration that
are positively romantic. ¦ .
. , Witness a collarette built of black
patln embroidered In red and gold silk,
the'aeslgn being Russian. Trees, strange
animals and all sorts of quaintly shaped
houses are worked into the design of the
collarette, which Is , only shoulder deep
and is Intended- for evening /wear alone.
Along its edges there are ! shirrlngs of
white moussellne.
Another. little cape for evening;wear is
a white satin, embroidered , In gold
The second was made of moussellne
with a very heavy little- niching laid on
along the edges, the niching being of
silk.
Th© third was a very pretty thing In
shirred panne velvet lined with taffeta.
The shirrings were trimmed with narrow
rows of ribbon trimmed with an embroid
ery stitch. And the ends were decorated
with a heavy silk fringe.
All Kinds of Neck Ruffles.
The French modistes this year are say-
Ing to their patrons: "Wear anything at
all so long as you have a becoming little
neck cape." And the patrons are taking
their advice. .They are literally wearing
anything and are throwing over the
shoulders a neck ruffle to dress It up.
Old clothes, summer clothes, faded
clothes, any clothes at all, are worn; and
around the neck is cast the saving arti
cle of dress — the neck cape.
One of the neck capes recently made is
a stunning example of what can be done
with a little- chiffon and a little silk. The
shape of the article is that of a cape cut
in three-quarter length and rather scant.
It is made of taffeta. But^ over the taffeta
there is placed a covering or knife plaited
chiffon which Is finished with a very deep
double ruffle of chiffon. There are two
wide chirrings, of chiffon which trim the
lower edge of the cape. The whole is bor
dered with the same kind of trimming. A
large bunch of roses finishes the back of
the neck. A ribbon Is tied upon the bust
to keep the cape around the shoulders.
A shoulder cape. Intended for evening
wear, though not heavy enough for opera
wear with a low necked gown, is made of
cashmere. It is cut In circular fashion,
but is Intended to be worn open In • the
front, falling from the shoulders like a
Hamlet cape. It is trimmed with many
and tney are maaa sometimes with and
sometimes without slot seams. They are
finished with a very deep hem. But they
are not trimmed. Xo lace appears upon
them, and there is not the sign of em
broidery or applique, nor of any trimming
that is akin to either. .--.—
These suits are built of instep length.
In -fact the most novel of the season's
fashions is the new Instep skirt, which
is as long as its name suggests and which
Is cut off even all the way around. It is
a skirt that is finished with a hem around
the bottom; it is strapped as to the seams
all the way up; it is trimmed with strap
pings of cloth a foot deep around the bot
tom and each strapping Is finished with
a cloth button.
This skirt !» tightly fitted around the
hips; It Is fitted, too, around the figure:
It is fitted even around the knees and
the only fullness comes around the fnstep.
where the skirt flares a very little. The
instep skirt Is as a rule unlined and. be
ing made of fairly heavy cloth, it needs
no lining, for Its own weight is sufficient,
and. owing to- the nature of its cut. It
requires no stiffening underneath.
In England, where they call this suit
a trotting suit, it Is worn unlined and
without a long petticoat. But in this
country and In Paris, where women are
wedded to long skirts, a long petticoat is
worn as a rule. The American woman,
like her French cousin, requires a little
fluff around her feet, a little fullness, a
frou-frou, which can be obtained in no
way except from the. silk petticoat.
The coat of the trotting suit is a three
quarter coat, very snug In the back, with
something of the straight front to con
form to the lines required by fashion.
It, too, is stitched and strapped, and its
lapels are mannish to a degree, even
showing the peculiar stitched button hole
affected by imn. The collar turns over
and is stitched and the lapels lie flat upon
the coat.
The sleeves of this coat are of the mas
culine persuasion, with the very slightest
degree of fullness at the shoulder, but not
enough to be called puff. They are long,
to- the knuckle, and they arc trimmed
with three very neat little cloth buttons.
In fact, a tailor, If he were making the
coat for man's wear, could hardly make
It more mannish in its appearance.
But around the neck cf this severely
tailored coat there is thrown a fluffy doh,
so that woman after all, no matter how
mannish she may decide to be, is willing
to make a concession to her femininity.
By Augusta Prescott.
a v "WISH it were a sin to wear a
C * I boa," said a fashionable physician,
I "then women would not wear it."
J^ But the pood doctor was wrong.
Not ever, the thought that It was
steful to do so would keep fair women
from putting on the v.ry becoming article
of neck flress ar.d venturing forth In tha
driving blasts trusting to Us protection
tor throat end lungs.
The bca need not necessarily be un
ceaJthful, for it can be worn over a cloak.
cap« or heavy firess. But the present
fashion decUrea that it looks prcttfcr over
a handsome ehirt waist, and woman fs
•wearing it, trusting to the natty knitted
¦endsrvest and the golf Jacket, which Is
also worn urder the Ehirt waist.
Thtre are a pro.it many bcas. new with
the season, and each has Its earmark of
popularity. One. all width and no langth,
is intended for the very tall woman. An
other, with It? stole ends and the trailing
ribbons, its fringes and cords and tassels.
Is meant for the woman who is tall. If
there are ail Miles of women it is true
that there are a!i styles of boas.
A new style from Paris chows a boa
which is made entirdy of knife-plaited
taffeta. The silk is laid in little eide plaits
which run th«= full length of the neck ruf
fle. The stole fronts are long and almost
touch the hem of the dress. The entire
edge is bordered with down to make a
very s^ft, white, fluffy finish.
The flower boa, too. is a French feature,
one that ha* b« en carried over from sum
mer and intensified for winter. This neck
Ceooratlon is now seen, ail a mass of
American Pcauty roses, with the stoles
consisting of l<ng-stemmed roses hanging
bead downward by their stems.
Another tiower boa Is made of fill*
orchids with their queerly shaped stem?
all tv.lPted ar.l hanging this way and
thai way. Ar.d still another Is the lily
of the valley boa, which is a soft, white,
delicate thing. Intended for debutantes,
and made y.irtiy of chiffon and partly of
fllk t'.<pue and partly of gwansdown,
with the lilies peeping out upon their
Blendr-r etems here and there.
If there Is a woman of artistic tastes,
and a little cluCon and some artificial
roses, an excell?nt neck ruffle can be
fashioned in a very few minutes. The
chiffon can be shirred upon a foundation
or It can be sun-plaited or It can be laid
In tiny ruffles upon a backing of crino
line. The flower's, if they are in good
condition, ean be wwed in little rows
upon the nr-ck ruffle or they can be
strung along its length from end to end.
But if they are fa'Jed and poor they
should be ironed as smartly as possible
and massed at the throat and on the
ends.
A Riernir.K lc?son might be given upon
the freshening of artificial flowers. Roses
of all color*, pinks and even lilies and
geraiiuni.s can be made to look like new.
The petals can be dampened and pressed
with a tiny Iron. And then, with a
brush dipped in water color paints, the
colors can be restored. A little dry rouge
la very good for the tinting of rose petals.
And it the^oses themselves be very
much crushed they can be stiffened with
very fine wire, which will hold them in
rood form
Up Fifth Avenue.
Up Fifth avenue the other day there
came three girls chatting gajiy. All wore
neck ruffles, neck capes or collarettes,
and all were dressed In pretty cloth suits
of autumn with the neck arrangements
thrown around the shoulders merely as
an accessory, not as a necessary article
of dress.
One wore a feather boa, made flat in
abape and sewed upon a foundation of
cloth cut like a cape. The feathers bor
dered each edge and the cape made a
very' comfortable little article of dress.
Another wore the conventional feather
boa. but it was made very flat and there
were three or four varieties of feathers
In Its length. All were of one color; a
very soft brown, and at the throat the
fastening consisted of a very •wide piece
of ribbon, tied into many little bows like
a ribbon chou.
The third wore the conventional flat
feather boa, nearly a quarter of a yard
wide and extending over the shoulders
and hanging down the front almost to
the street, where it terminated In many
little fur bulls made up like a fur fringe.
As there three young women went up
Fifth evenue, three others came down
and passed them, all wearing the little
collarettes, or boas, and 'again all three
were different.
One was made of Bilk, cut In circular
eboulrier shape, with a border of fur on
each edge. At the throat there was a
dafp. There weie no stolen ends, but
the whole was shaped and finished like
a yoke collar. .
A V A She Wears It "With Her
Shirt Waist Suit and Her
Tailored Gown, "With Her
Evening I>ress and With Her
Calling Costume — There Are
All Kinds of Boas, Capes,
Cape Collars, Collarettes and
Neck Ruffles Upon Which
Dame Fashion Has Set Her
Eeal— The New Instep Suit.
long and so soft and silky as to look like
beaver cloth, was finished with a deep
flounce of the same material cut a differ
ent way of the good3. The head of the
flounce was piped with scarlet panne and
above the piping there were wheels of
the scarlet silk. The same trimming was
arranged upon the b!0U3e, both aa to the
yoke and as to the sleeves.
Trimming Bough Good3
A unique treatment tor roush goods la
that of applying figures in the goods in
very flat fashion. Around 'each figure
there should be a little cord of some
bright color. This Is a style of trimmin<
to be observed upon a great many of
the new French gowns and a style that
is always good.
A very handsome camel's hair gown
was trimmed with a very deep Qowercd
trimming, the flowers consisting of pnn
sles cut out of three shades of cloth.
These were applied to the foot of th*
skirt knee deep. The leaves were ar
ranged around the pansles in -natuiai
fashion and long stems connected the
flowers and the leaves, trailing o.T into
a swirling background. The waist was
given the same treatment.
The great fancy for the neck ruffle. th«
boa, the cape collar and the collarette.
each with Its Individual peculiarities and
Individual beauties, has, for the time,
crowded gowns to th© wall; and a woman
with Just so much money to spend la
upending it upon the accessories rather
than upon the gown.
Still there are new gowns and a great
many of them and in the new styles can
be counted a great many becoming feat.
tires. Many of these features are quite
novel and the gowns bear the unmistak
able stamp of their novelty.
The very severe tailored girl is In vogu*
this season, as she has been for several
years, and there are new gowns built for
her. And, wonder on wonders, they are
without trimming. Of a heavy rough, al
most mannish material, cut in the sever
est fashion, fitted to the figure from head
to heel, and made-up on lines that suggest
the gentleman's coat and do not admit of
as much as a single frill, they are indeed
novelties, taking one back many a season.
- The Instep Salt.
Toes* severely tailored suits are stitch
ed, strapped and banded; they are trim
med with buttons and with button holes,
But, with this stole collar, there Is a
large flat muff, which is very handsome
and which Is built on new lines. It Is of
the same fur front and back, is lined In
side with fur and Is as flat as it is possi
ble to make it. It Is trimmed with a row
of fur balls alone the bottom edge, with
the balls arranged so that they depend
from the muff hanging upon the dress
like a trimming.
And there are conventional picture
capes which can be worn >n the daytime,
one of which is made of black silk'cov
ered with black lace and bordered with a
narrow band of black fur.
A still more conventional design Is the
collarette, which Is Cat, Is made of fur
and Is cut with long: stoles. The inner
part is lined with white satin and the
ends are trimmed with a ball fringe. The
price, which is governed by the kind of
fur, runs from $25 up to J3000, with J100 as
a reasonable average.
threads, very little of the material being
needed, as the cape Is not quite shoulder
deep. It Is finished with gold fringe and
Is trimmed around the throat with a very
heavy, very fluffy ruffle of white chiffon.
Still another shoulder capo, this one
worn by a young matron. Is cut from a
handsome bit of silk brocade, which is
outlined as to Its figures with white, silk.
The border of this cape is trimmed with
the tiniest band of fur.
THE SUNDAY .OAIiIi.
12
THE
WINTER
BADIn several critical instances this has had the effect of restoring harmony.
The old practice in Irish officialdom was for the representatives of Eng
lish power to surround themselves only with the "truly loyal," chiefly func
tionaries who fattened on the salaries and spoils of office. The viceregal
lodge, Dublin Castle, and the houss of the "400" generally shut their gates
against any one who dared to question English policy toward Ireland- The
"landlord garrison" was courted, feted and rewarded, while the Irish Na
tionalist was given the "glassy eye" and threatened with the penalties of co
ercion acts if he did not move with "bated breath and whispering humble
ness."
Great Difference in the Class of Men
and Women Convicts of
America.
white prisoners out of 1x42 convicts; in Florida only 40 white prisoners out of 449. and in Texas 2102 negroes out
of 3865- prisoners^ bti o{ the who le country, furnish about 2O.per
cent of the totTl number of convicts, so that if the negro convicts, who are practically all native-born, are ehmi
na?ed the number of white native-bom convicts is a very small percentage of the native born white population In
the actual number of foreign convicts the Germans are the most numerous: then the Italians the Irish, the Cana
dians' and ?he™English. in the order named. When, however, the ratio of foreign convicts with the number of or
eigneVs of a given nationality is figured out results are. quite different and the Chinese and Mexicans produce a lar
ger proportionate convict population than even the negroes. The Japanese seem to be singularly free trom crime, onlv
twelve behng reported in twenty States, including California. It mav be said that in the twenty States from which
these statistics are gathered of the prisoners convicted last year the Italians furnish 31 1, the Austrian* 08. the
Roumanians 4, the Russians 116. while Poland * credited with 41 and.F.n land with 30. Greece contributes M to the
total? As these are the portions of Europe from which our largest immigration at present is denved. the figures
are of much interest. . . . , ¦.¦':' '..•'.' .. , . ¦ -
Without going into tiresome details and giving too many statistics it may be stated that the character of
crime differs with races and nationalities. Apparently murder and assault seem to be the prevalent sins of the colored
convict population in the South, while the Chinese and Mexicans have a weakness for murder When the parents of
the American-born convicts are given a large per cent of them arc foreign-born, due undoubtedly to the fact
that under the new conditions prevailing in this country the foreign parent finds it difficult to -bring up a child mor
ally as well as can be done at home. ; - \ ,•*?• . , t t
¦ So far as criminal statistics prove anything, "the honest farmer' is a delusion and a snare, as a lar*e number of
criminals are credited to that occupation. Laborers form, by all odds, the vast majority of the criminals. No doubt,
however the occupation is due to the criminal tendency and not the criminal tendency to the occupation, as it is be
cause these men are too lazy or incompetent to be mechanics or professional men that they are classed as labor
ers Some particular occupation, varying according to the locality, seems to be very prolific of criminals. Thus
nearly 12 per cent of the convicts in the Missouri penitentiary are shoemakers, while railroad men are' conspicuous
in Minnesota and chairmakers in Kentucky, and painters and carpenters have the largest representation among
those engaged in the building trades. .
It is also a notable fact that the number of prisoners is much greater south of Mason and Dixon s line than
north of it and in the Wcst.as compared with the East. So far as the South is concerned illiteracy and the nccro
ooDulation'seem.to have a great deal to do with the large criminal population. Thus in Georgia there were 2.«i
nrisoners on the 1st of last October, while in Michigan, with a population 200.000 greater, there were only uo.?.
Texas has nearly as large a criminal population as New York, although the population of New York is twice that ot
Texas Pennsylvania reports only 1768 convicts, with a population of 6.000.000, while Cahlorma. with less than a mil
lion and a half has 2241. and Kansas, with practically the same population as this State, only 1025, yet the adioinms
State of Missouri has 2070. New Hampshire has 157 convicts to 300 in Oregon, although their population is about
the same Large as are the figures for the South, it would appear from some of the reports that they should be even
larzer since able-bodied neeroes are sentenced in that section to the county jails instead of to the State peniten
tiary so that their labor can be utilized on the county roads. Undoubtedly the higher percentage of crime in the
West as compared with the East is, du e to the fact that in the West there are pore single men. less home life and a
more unsettled condition of society. Robbery in its various forms is the principal offense committed in the Western
States The percentage of murders is also quite large, but outrages and similar crimes are less common than in the
South One fact however, stands out conspicuously in all parts of the country— if we would decrease our criminal
oooulation we must increase our educational facilities. We should insist upon compulsory education in every State
in the Union of every child, regardless of race or color, capable of completing a grammar school course, and we
should insist 'upon their completing such a course before they are allowed to work or quit school
J. F. CARRERE.
in the way he thould go and when he is old he will not depart from it."
The great trouble is that too many parents act as if they thought the injunction read, "Tell a child how he
should go This is the easiest possible thing for a oarent to do; yet telling a hundred times may onlv end in dis
appointment. Other parents seem to think they should merely "teach the child how he should go." While this is a
step in the right direction, it will not answer. It is not sufficient to explain the way, for the child may not be dis
posed to travel the way indicated. Again, others seem to think that it means "manage the child so he will start in
the way he should go.',' Even this is not sufficient, for he is almost certain to stray from the right way into the by
wty. It is not sufficient to tell the child, nor even to teach the child, nor even to manage the child. Nothing will be
sufficient except a compliance with the injunction to "train up a child." Training may imply telling, teaching and
managing; but it also means seeing that the child goes in the right way. until going right becomes a habit, a second
nature. This . ii no small undertaking. This is hard work.
To all outward appearances many parents seem to care but little for the welfare of their children. Few parents
are just what. they feel they should be as examples for their children, and it is very unpleasant to see their own
faults repeated in their children. Nearly all would have it otherwise. If the truth be known, it would be seen that
almost all would gladly do the right thing, but are ignorant as to just what should be done. Not knowing what is
best the only thing they can do is to act as seems best at the time.
' With but few exceptions parents are intensely interested in the welfare of their children. Their mistakes are
error* of judgment rather than of heart They are the results of ignorance as to the best method of managing the in
dividual child.' It may not be pleasant to acknowledge this fact, but it is none the less true. Nor are parents to be
blamed. Where have they been able to find anything suggestive upon these subjects? No matter how earnestly thev
may have desired light, it was not to be had for the seeking. It is hoped that excellent books upon this subiect of
the training of children may multiply, so that earnest parents may have no trouble in learning the ideas of those who
have given much thought to this all-important problem.
In mental, physical and moral characteristics children are almost entirely the result of two factors. First,
that which they inherit from their parents; second, the training which they receive from their parents and' others.
While accepting the responsibility for the first, too many parents aredisposed to attempt to throw the responsibility
for the second upon the school, the church and the community. Since the parents largely determine not only the
school but also the society and the church under whose influence the child must come, the responsibility is entirely
their own. It is the parents* business to see to it that the child is under proper influences, not only while at home,
but si so when away from home. Heaven has placed this" responsibility upon parents. '
It will be readily seen, therf. that as the children have the parents' disposition, as well as their precept and ex
ample, which are too often antagonistic, there need be no wonder why the chips- do not fall far from the block. If
the chips are not of the sound, sterling oak, parents should examine closely and be sure before criticizing the chips,
that they do not come from a decayed specimen of soft wood.
Mosyyarents have made many grievous mistakes in the management of their children, but, even yet. it may
not be tooWate to save the precious child. The demand with which every parent must comply is, "Train up a child
\]Z/?~ ---Jfit} VERY parent knows of striking examples of the accepted truth that vicious training will destroy
I^W^Skd CverV vcstiec of the div »^- II » an oppressive thought that upon some one rests the terrible re-
IftXraa&Spfl soonsibilitv of training wisely each" child; that over so many hangs one of the most dreadful
•^ - 3^5ft2'I curtcs cvcr P ron o"nced against man by the Almighty: "Whoso causeth one of these little ones to
jjr gL^JV^Ia offend, it were better for him that a millstone were hung about his neck and he were drowned in
ni5s'"ME$&l th c depths of the sea." Woe unto him. for "their angels do always behold the face of the Father
Lasig-Safeawq which is in heaven." Even the youngest children are there to testify to the training and treatment
they have received from all, but especially from their parents.
MISTAKES THAT PARENTS MARE IN TRAINING THE VICIOUS BOY.
y^V-reall rrfo^rici^e^^^ the^ ommitt <=« of the last Legislature of the State pnsons and
t^RStfi Ken^SdDun^I 7 -. ° re adjournin S appointed three of its members. Pre.cott.Mc
!$£*0K§ the KiS FnT^orcL n™* " tO J horou * hl v study the prison systems of the various States in
Jft^CSS £ i to™, -n fh ? \ u- l nd l ° rCPOrt a c^nPrchensive plan of reform of the prison sys
'IraOTW A Si i C> WhlC , h admittedI >' « but satisfactory.
ilga^gjl A 5 Preliminary to that work the committee has been busy since 'the Legislature adjourned
1 ¦ ISr'rh PnSOnS " - hC , UnjtCd States and oth " parts of the world, and has already
formulated a \ • if"* On c " mmol °^- A^ carefully studying the reports the committee has
foSJ^ fafl^ Ai^S^wM^ SCI V° the . Wardens of prisons !nd the superintendents of re
m£lm:&WM a vi st win bl S^^F l nd «Penence s on a K reat number of subjects. When the an
comnr^enM-vereDort including 7«iJSt? t° Cahfornia P" 50 "^. and the best of those in other States, and a
comprehensne report, including susreestxons for -improvement, will be presented to the next Legislature.
inifcirSt^rt? i^^^^^^^S^?^^^^^^ consideration, and if there was any
crease? But it is hard to ?L™° ? g *' a . nd . handling the data given their value would be ereatlr in
creased. But it is hard to compare things greatly dissimilar and imperfect Some reports cive the nationality of
c^urS'oTfheifbrrths^Jrsom" 5^ 111 A™^ " for^ ne « »»d American?. Sfthout gfvSg either the State, o
i^Aumbered amoS their^ r n n^»f. Vm Ci;cTir -n no I eformatories or Juvenile penitentiaries, so that mere children
ar c numbered among their convicts while m still others men as old as 30 are sent to reformatories with boys of
-?an>; form but a nortinn of fJ 7 CXtc ? m ' c s -" tcIn °^ farminar out the prisoners, so those actually in the peni
rndftTal^ Even crimes are differently classed in different States,
and or befnL 4o^mon sSds" 3 S^ ".h S ' '" Massachus etts persons are sent to prison for "stubbornness"
rrvnirXrfrTLv fin/i f y ; '" persons arc in prison for "evading fare." In Louisiana they go into
various degr«sof cr.me covered by the word •¦manslinghtw." In a general way, ho,ve\-er, it may be sa M that thTsluth!
pr.soncrs j n Georgia 102., were either murderers or attempted murderers, and Texas has 1218 convicts convicted of
,T C f Cr! ,i ir " Minncso / a - h .o«;cver has only eighty murderers or attempted murderers, and Massachusetts had
U»I*»na renorts only nxty onsoners of this class, and Texas 244. Kansas has only 13 convicts of this character
pat of JU7 pnsonerv and Michigan has 83 cases out of 727 prisoners. Georgia has the largest percentage of crirni
ra'f .<>r it, population of any State in the Union, and California has twice as many Chines : a a • all the other State Tin
the Lmoncmr.h.n.d Texas has more Mexicans than all the rest of the Union. In Louisiana the number of ne"
Eroe^ is greater in proportion to the convict population than in any other State
The number of women convicts is very much greater in the South than in the North, and greater in the East
fen m the West, although the immense majority of the women prisoners in the South are negroeV Some idea of
the preponderance of the ncero prison population may be gained from the fact that in Louisiana there are only 159
First Fruits of tHe New Movement to
Change California's Amazing
Prison Record.
*Tr? ¦— — ¦ ¦¦ ~ij! T a meeting of the Irish National League, held a few days
V(* ~j*v\f!>\|l a co in Dublin, resolutions of thanks were passed to Chief
'''\K~i;%irb : ' Secretary George Wyndham for his great services in
Vr/^^V?** ! "aking the new land bill the law of the land.
r t-e/ ''^SBfik? I Such an acknowledgment of appreciation and grati-
I '-ife^Si^, 1 tude from a body of avowed Nationalists is unprecc
- dented in the history' of Ireland. The Chief Secretary
well deserves it. and next to him thanks are due to his as
f r:,t : or permanent "Under Secretary." Sir Anthony O'Donnell. who is
. credited with bavin jr drawn uo the bill and worked indefatitrablv for its
passage. The new land act took effect on November 1. and lone before
that nrcessary steps were taken for the transfer of great estates all over Ire
land from the owners to their tenants. What was accomplished in France
a little marc than a centurv aco bv means of a bloody revolution will soon
Uc done in Ireland by peaceful, legal means, proving that "peace hath her
victories no less than war." In order to affect this transformation the Brit
ish Government pledges its credit for from $500,000,000 to $750,000,000. and
makes a bonus, or free gift, to the landlords of $60,000,000. which comes
out of the pockets of the taxoavers of the United Kingdom.
George Wyndham had a Herculean task before him when he undertook
to pass this land bill. Gladstone, or any of the Liberal leaders, would not
have dared to venture it because they realized that even if successful in the
House of Commons thev would be overwhelmingly defeated in the House
cf Lords. The Upper House has always been the graveyard of measures
framed to ameliorate the condition of Ireland. Wyndham. in the first place,
had hard work to convince a maioritv of the British Cabinet that his bill
would settle forever the never-ending, vexatious land war and brine peace
and cpntent to Ireland. Colonial Secretary Chambeflain was bitterly op*
posed to the measure, because there is no love lost between him and the dis
ciples of Parne!I. as manv rancorous debates in Parliament bear witness.
The Duke of Devonshire was also ooposed because he cannot forect that
one of his house. Lord Frederick Cavendish, was assassinated in Phoenix
Park.
Wyndham had to encounter opposition sufficient to daunt any ordinary
man in passing the bill through both houses of Parliament. By his success
lie has made a name for himse'f among the great statesmen of the day. In
the recent reconstruction of the British Cabinet he could have had almost any
place he desired, but he preferred to stay at his post of Chief Secretary for
Ireland until he had completed his work. He promised the Irish members
to introduce at the next session of Parliament a bill for the amelioration
of the condition of Irish farm laborers. If the Balfour administration can
Veep together long enough he will no doubt meet with the same success he
<l'u\ with the land bill.
Mr. Wyndham shares his popularity in Ireland with the Lord Licuten-
Rrt. Earl Dudley, and the Under Secretary. Sir Anthony O'Donnell. Lord
! >u.lley has not a seat in the Cabinet, but Wyndham has. and is therefore
virtually at the head of the Irish administration. The Irish Secretary is a
Tttnarkably handsome man. young (not yet 40). tall; slight, with well cut
?e tnres. to which long lashes give an air of gentleness. His dark hair is
now slightly silvered with premature gray. .His whole bearing is sympa
thetically courteous, and he has the knack of ingratiating himself with the
t cry spirits at the head of the Irish National League like William O'Brien.
.!• hn Redmond and Timothy Harrington, the present irrepressible Lord
M.yor of Dublin. In dealine with them he does not forget the motto placed
f-ncr.th the Irish u'olfdojr. "Gentle when stroked, fierce when provoked."
Where he canrot comply he gives his reasons, man to" man, for refusal, and
THE SUNDAY CALL.
To-day the practice is somewhat different. The Lord Lieutenant and hU
Chief Secretary and Under Secretary no longer frown upon or stand aloof
from the masses. Prominent Nationalists, some of whom had to suffer the
plank bed and bread-and-water diet in prison for loving: their country "not
wisely, but too well." can occasionally be seen in earnest conversation with
those high officials. It is said of Sir Anthony O'Donnell when he waited
upon Kin* Edward at the time of his appointment as Under Secretary he in
formed his Majesty that he was not only a Roman Catholic but a!so an
Irish Nationalist The King replied that "it did not matter." All he wishes
was that "his administration should be as successful as when he held a
similar post in India." The Chief Secretary, though an aristocrat by birth
and environment, is one of the most accessible of officials.
George Wyndham married the widow of the late Earl Grosvenor. She
ha« a son who is now the Duke of Westminster and is probably the richest
peer in Great Britain. Wyndham started life as a .soldier. He was an of
ficer in the Coldstream Guards and served with honor in the Suakim cam
paign against the Dervishes in Africa. His advent in politics was as private
secretary to Arthur Balfour, the present Prime Minister of England. . His
rise and progress as a statesman have been rapid, and to-day he is recog
nized as the most powerful force in the Cabinet since the retirement of the
late Colonial Secretary. Joseph Chamberlain. His administration of affairs
in Ireland has not been perfunctory or with an eye to personal ambition.
In the House of Commons, in the councils of his party, on the hustings
and in public assemblies, he has again and again declared his sympathies with
the wants and desires of the ereat majority of the Irish people. Why should
this not be so? George Wyndham is a great-grandson of Lord Edward
Fitzgerald, son of the first Duke of Leinster, who sacrificed his life for the
Irish cause in the memorable year 1798- Lord Edward married, in Paris,
the famous Pamela, daughter of the Duke of Orleans. They had but one
child, a daughter, who married General Sir Guy Campbell, and their daugh
ter, Madeline, is the mother of George Wyndham, the present Chief Secre
tary for Ireland.
The career of Lord Edward Fitzgerald is most pathetic and his end very
sad indeed. "What a noble fellow." said Lord Byron, "was Lord Edwanl
Fitzgerald." Now comes the remarkable coincidence that what was one cf
Lord Edward's visions, as a result of revolution like that of the French
Revolution, has actually been brought about, mainly through the instrumen
tality of his great-grandson— the overthrow of the effete, feudal system of
landlordism and the substitution of a peasant proprietorship. Remarkable
also is the fact that foremost among the great land-owners in Ireland to
come to terms with his tenants under the Wyndham act for the sale to them
of his vast estates is the young Duke of Leinster. the blood relation of
Lord Edward Fitzgerald. His example is beinar followed all over Ireland,
and there is every prospect that the Wyndham land bill will produce
nearly all the results claimed by its advocates. If so. some future great
chronicler will echo the words of Byron. "What a noble fellow was— George
Wyndham.!'
13
CRIME AND CRIMINALS
THE MAN WHOENED THE LAND WARS IN IRELAND
Ninth TalR
;.,,*¦ f ~ . ' - ; ' ¦¦¦-¦¦¦ v
to Parents
on the Training
of Children
W. J. Shearer.RECOLLECTIONS AND REFLECTIONS OF
THOMAS FITCH.
Roscoe Conkiing was in oratory what
a Corinthian column is in architecture.
His was the lofty port, the dignity, the
power, the high disdain of littleness' the
kingly graciousness of Olympian Jove.
It he had been able to dictate the man
ner of his departure from the scene of
human activities he would not have died
from an encounter with a blizzard, but
he would have draped himself in a toga,
commanded the band to play a triumph
ant march and bowed patronizingly to
Gabriel and his attending angels as he
entered the celestial sates. He was an
athlete both physically and intellectually.
He scorned trickery and would never take
undue advantage of an enemy. He never
rtruck a foul blow, but he had no capac
ity to emilingly endure punishment. His
high estimate of himself was not low
ered 1-y adverse criticism, but it hurt him.
end he could not conceal the hurt. He
v. .^l 5:r.'erVi« f»n«* dictatorial Jn manner
When the novel "Robert Elsmere "
was first published it was the topic oj
tea table conversation In New England
ad nauseam. Mr. Balfne told of a neigh
bor who had a eilver collar duly engraved
and placed on the neck of his large good
catured house dog. When a visitor ex
amined the inscription he read: "Please
do not mention the name of Robert Els
mere Jn the hearing of this dog. H e will
not stand everything."
"Her lover!" That was what her. heart
cried out, and though she would not per
mit herself to say it there was a wild,
sweet bliss in the thought. Subtly she had
known it almost from the first. But a
widower!
She shivered now at the very remem
brance of things that had once thrilled
her— the unconscious softening of the
keen eyes when they met hers, the elusive
but unmistakable tenderness of his touch
when he helped her over a rough place
or held her wrap. Time was when the
caress of his glance made her blood tin
gle. Now she remembered It with a sort
of loathing. Had his eyes not softened
for some other woman?
Thus she wrestled wu»» love and pain
"It can't be trus— it can't be— it can't
be!" she protested with a moan. His like
ness rose before her— tall, broad and a bit
stern of face. Then,, going hot and cold
by turns she sank down upon the divan
once more and burled her head in the
pillows.
and she passed out smiling into the hall.
A moment later she opened the door again
and thrusting her head into the room said
in an enigmatical. manner:
"By the way, Con, be sure to tell Doug
las Stane that when he asks you!" Then
before her cousin could reply she van
ished, slamming the door behind her.
Constance stood in the' middle of the
room for a moment perfectly motionless,
wondering If she could have heard aright.
Douglas Stane a widower! For, of course,
that was what Mary meant. Douglas
Stane a widower!— and in the four months
in which they had been growing dally
fonder of each other she had never before
heard the fact mentioned.
With a quick movement she glided to
ward the door and locked it. Then with
her hands clasped with painful tightness
she stood In the middle of the room and
repeated with growing ", incredulity, "A
widower! Douglas Stane a widower!"
X"For .shame!" she; said, hotly. "For
shame !"\Do you think any woman will
love you better for Ignoring her— that
"My dear, dear love." He took both of
the small hands in his own and stood
looking down at her, struggling to speak
calmly.
"You. know— you. must know," he went
on eagerly, "that you are the only woman
on' earth to me. How I -lived all these
years without you I do not know. I can't
face life without yoo~any longer. I never
knew what It was to live' until I met
you-"
A quick change came over Constance's
face; oven In the dim light he saw it and
wondered, and she wrenched her hands
away. ; • .
"Deserted us. already," he laughed, his
voice a little shaken by the great question
that trembled on his lips.
"Let's hurry and' catch up with them,"
suggested his companion.
"How extremely, unflattering!" came
his answer. "I was Just longing to have
you all to myself."
lie tried to speak lightly, but eagerness
vibrated In his voice. They had emerged
from the grove and stood at the edge of
the rocks.
MJss Singleton seemed bent upon aiding
him for she and her fiance were lost to
sight around a bend of the road. Stane
"hoo-hop-ed" after the manner of . the
cottagers in the neighborhood, but- no an
swer came back.
the foot of the lawn. If Constance jumped
at the conclusion that Douglas Stane was
a widower Just because she had said
"Tell that to Douglas Stane when he
asks you." it was. her own fault.
Meantime that young lady's greeting to
Mr. Stane was a trifle stiff, but r.o one but
her tormenting cousin noticed it. The
gentleman himself seemed utterlv uncon
scious. He had determined to l«arn his
fate, and" in the grip of that mighty re
solve all minor things escaped his notice.
"I just accepted for both of us, because
I knew you would. like to go." Then she
continued under her ." breath, "Poor old
Douglas. Wouldn't Mike to hear what
she says to him. How shall I ever make
ray peace with them, I wonder?" :'
When, the dinner over, they sat on the
broad piazza in the twilight, she half re
gretted her prank and decided to speak.
But before her ' good intention crystal
lized into words, Constance spoke to her,
and at the studied Indifference of the lat
ter's voice and the marked ennui of her
manner, all her love of mischief returned.
"I never before heard you mention that
Mr. Stane Is a widower," she said, pat
ting her lips, with one of her fingers to
discourage a yawn.
"Didn't you?" queried Mary Innocently.'
"Perhaps I never did mention it." Then,
at the sound of footsteps on the gravel,
she addedraiher hurriedly, "Don't- lay it
up against the poor fellow, though."
Two dark figures were approaching from
Constance opened her lips with the evi
dent intention of declining. But before
she could speak her cousin continued
glibly:
until the striking of the clock reminded
her that the dinner hour was at 'hand.
Jumping up, she began to dash cold water
over her flushed face and wet eyes, while
she tried to steady her surging emotions.
"Everything went wrong," she apolo
gized when she> appeared at' the dinner
table,- rather flurrfed and breathless.
"Couldn't get my hair up right-hooks
wouldn't hook and Buttons wouldn't but
ton." f
Her cousin smiled.
"'Methinks the lady doth protest too
much," she thought to herself.
"Dick Just telephoned," she announced,
feeling rather small and guilty, as she
noted Constance's flushed face and fever
ish eyes. "He- and Douglas Stane aro
coming up* after dinner ; to take us down
to the Spouting Rock."
| "You girls with fine sentiments," Mary
retorted teasingly, her hand on the door-
Vr.ub, "r.rs Jur.t the o-vvj to lo«k "u* for,"
Her tone implied that the thing was
well-nigh unimaginable, but her cousin
only laughed a bit skeptically and took
the othfr side of the question.
"Do you mean to say that becaus« a
person has loved once— he or she. for that
matter— cannot love again without feel
ing that it is a rehash of the old love?"
she asked with a yawn. "My dear girl,
you're all wrong! The second love is
simply a different matter."
"The average human being," she con
tinued shrewdly, "is capable of a good
many loves. I don't at all believe in these
one-love individuals— the sort who mourn
forever, you know. That sort of thing is
simply emotional poverty."
Having delivered herself of this wordly
observation she glanced at the clock and
began to coil up her loosened hair in a
way that signified that it was time, that
she went to her room to dress for dinner.
"Soulless creature," taunted Constance
with an indulgent, but gently superior air.
'.'Defend widowers if you choose, but none
of them for me!"
"Just fancy." Constance continued with
scornful derision, "being a man's second
choice, listening to a rehash of his first
lovemaking. Gracious!"
(Copyright, 1903. by T. C. McClure.)
r — p— V; — a O," said Constance in a*
j • r^j5kV-5sSSt!i fi tone of unshakable
'' «»f&I^K conviction as she lay,
Ki vv^I^lS her chln prcpped u n° n
1^ iS^^i *\ 6 ner hands - amid tno
' i o p^^y ?) & richness ° f tne ° ricniai
f • [i*£r^»NS. j? B P llloWB - "Xo, I might
jfj^^^^Ta-afcrVyrrS love a convict or I
might love a Hottentot. But a widower,
never!"
Her cousin. Mary Singleton, a practical
young woman, more given to jests than
sentiment, eyed her curiously, but did not
speak.
I other— the one who in other years was
*'all the world* to you?"
She stoppod, unable to go further, be
cause the teara were choking her. A look
of blank amazement overspread Stane's
face, and he stared at her with eyes that
were a concentrated interrogation.
"Oh, it seems to me," she went on, pas
sionately, "that If I were a man and had
once loved a woman well enough to marry
her. and she had died, I'd be a little bit
true to her memory! If I wanted care,
companionship, whatever it is that men
remarry for, I'd say so, instead of pre
tending that I had never really loved be
fore!"
Had she been less wrought up by her
feelings she might have noticed that dur
ing this tirade several expressions flutter
ed like shadows across her lover's face.
Astonishment gave way to understanding,
and that in turn to a grim determination.
"I see," he said, slowly, but In a. voice
. whose ring made her look up at h^n with
the conviction that he was no longer a
suppliant for her. favor. "You reject my
love because— —^
"Because you have been married be
fore," she. finished, stubbornly.
"Jealous of a dead woman," he mused,
looking at her through eyes narrowed to
a mere ' silt. ' "Ah. me!" ¦
Then, as If the episode were closed, he
asked, quietly, "Shall -we return to the
house?"
She felt suddenly terrified, bereft. She
had expected something very different—
. expostulation— self-justlflcatlon. A mighty
struggle' was going on within her. But
above the din of contending feelings she
heard one clear cry, ,"I love htm^ I love
him!" and she held out her hands aa be
seechingly as a child.
"You poor, silly "little girl!" he whis
pered in a voice of great ¦ content as he
swept her up in his arms, "who ever told
you that absurd tale. .But I've proved to
you that you would have loved me even
If I had been!"
By Keith Gordon
IN SPITE OF PREJUDICE
General Benjamin F. Butler so "hated
shams and hypocrites^n 1 pretenders that
he would sometimes, for the sake of an
epigram, depreciate his own truthfulness
and integrity. "I never," said he on one
occasion, "rtally began to enjoy life until
versity. Some friends who were Indignant
at his defeat for a seat in Congress by
John Morrissey endeavored to induce him
to contest the election. "Tut, tut, gentle-
men," said he, "ours is a representative
government. There 2s no obligation rest- .
Ing upon a'community of thieves and.vag-
abonds to choose a gentleman to repre-
pcnt them in Congress. The slums of
New. York hnve preferred a pugilist and
a gambler to me for their Congressman,
old Democrat, a member of the State Sen
ate. One or two of his companions of
opposite political faith gleefully asked
him how he liked the nomination. "Gen
tlemen," said he, "I will answer by tell
jne a little story. In 1849 I was one of
a company of forty co-operative gold
soakers who came around the Horn. Ar
rived at the scene of our labors, In Pla
cer County, we built a large cabin and
asreed to take turn about in cooking, the
of the Joyful face of tha cook and o«n«M
myself In time: but said I In til* same
breath, 'Don't misunderstand ma. X VOtm
salt. I never could get bread salt enough
to suit me before.' Well, that's what, aa
a Democrat, I have to say about the nom
ination of Horace Greeley."
I had lost the last scrap of my reputa
tion." His wit was aa keen 'as a razor,
and as merciless. Of Judge Ebenezcr R.
Hoar, Grant's first Attorney General, lie
paid: "ilis most prominent characteristic
is his ungeniality. When he was on the
Supreme Judicial Bench in Massachusetts
his constant grief was that he could not
decide against both the appellant and ap
pellee." Of a Southern denator who was
generally accredited with selling his
vote whenever a. market could be found,
he eaid: "His statesmanship fits the defi
nition that the Chinese give to geometry
—the science of the how much."
Once, however, Butler was worsted in
repartee. It was during a session of the
House Committee on Reconstruction, of
which he was chairman. There had been
a heated discussion, and General John V.
Farnswcrth of Illinois had bitterly op
posed a radical measure favored by But
ler, who sharply criticized Farnswcrtn for
his alleged abandonment of Republican
doctrine. Farnsworth rtplie.1 txcitedly:
"The chairman questions my Republican
ism. Why, I was a Republican when he
was chasing fugitive slaves all over the
State of Massachusetts." Butler rejoined:
"There are people who prefer Judas Is
cariot to Paul, on the ground that Judas
was the oldest of the original disciples."
"I question the statement," said Farns
worth, "that Judaa was the oldest of the
original disciples and I shall dispute it
unless the gentleman from Massachusetts
But the Mormon prophet was not with
out resource and one day he sent for the
captain and said to him bluntly, "Brother
Hooper, you must live your religion.
Your persistent refusal to enter polygamy
is injuring the church as well as your
self." "But, President Young, I have
reasons," said Hooper. "Yes,' 1 interrupted
Erigham, "I know all about that, but I
have reasons also. Now there is Sister
Thompson, who died last year, and Sister
Brown, who passed away a nioi.th ago,
Brigham Young used his authority in
vain up to the verge of the '-'command"
to induce Hooper to enter polygamy. But
"the. command" was not issued, for
Hooper was wealthy and influential and
too strong in every way to make It ad
visable for Brlcham to assail him.
Captain Hooper, banker, politician.
Mormon elder and for many terms Ter
ritorial Delegate to .Congress from Utah,
was a gentleman who lived and dressed
well. 1 He v.'as a charming conversation
alist and knew intimately many public
men. Hooper would defend polygamy,
preach it, prove its scriptural sanction,
in brief, do. everything except practice it.
He was the husband of one wife until
the day of his death, and in spite of
church influence always had a plausible
excuse for not increasing his' store of
domestic felicity. •
is in possession of family papers that will
throw light upon the subject."
"And, woii'-d yon believe it?" said the
subject of this Incident, "Senator Fenton
never presented my petition or said a
word in my favor, while Roscoe Conkling
went to General Grant and asked the ap
pointment as a personal favor to himself,
and I got the place."'
and often offended his clansmen even
when he served them. A member of the
New York Legislature who had voted for
both Conklir.g and Fenton desired a
small South American Consulship, and he
sought the good offices of both Senators
to stoure the appointment from President
Grant. The applicant went to the door
of the United States Senate chamber and
sent In his card to Senator Fenton. That
gentleman came into the lobby, politely
greeted his constituent, listened to his
story, took his petition, promised to pre
sent it to the PrtBident and urge the ap
pointment and left the office seeker full
of ho^e. A card was then sent to Sena
tor Conkling, who in a few minutes capie
striding into the lobby and, approaching
his constituent, exclaimed. "Well, sir,
what can I do for you?" The gentleman
responded, stating hia wishes, and re
questing the efforts and Influence of the.
Senator. Mr. Conkling g'.owcred at the
unhappy man and. drawing himself to his
full height, exdairm.d: "Sr, your con
duct is indecent. How dare you call a
Senator of the United States from his
seat for such a purpose as this?" and
thereupon the Senator turned bis back
upon the crestfallen applicant and walked
away.
Mr. Elaine was a capital raconteur, and
never suppressed a good story because the
Joke wag on himself. He related on one
occasion how an old farmer had vindi
cated him at a town meeting in Maine.
"The habit that some folks has." said the
old man, "of lyln' about public men' is
distressin' and mean. They do say that
Biaine ewcars. Now I happen to know
that faint so. My gal is attendln' an
academy at Augusty where Blaine's gal
eoes, and she and Blaine's gal are great
cronies, and often she goes home with
Blaine's gal and stops all night with her.
and she's been at supper and breakfast
lots of times when Elaine was at th~
table, and she tells me that she never
heerd Elaine swear-r.ot once. Now, it
stands to reason that a man who can
keep from swearln' in his own home and
at his own wife can keep from swearin'
anywhere."
FERNANDO WOOD. ex-Mayor of
New York City, and for many
years one of its representatives in
Conpress. was. In graciousness of
manner, in courteousness of de
porimcnt and in costume a gentleman of
the o!d school.
After the strictest of his sect he lived
and tiled a Democrat, but all the darkies
employed sbout the Federal Capitol loved
him for his kindly spirit and for the size
ami Frequency of his tips. Among his fa
vorins was a colored barber, who attend
ed in the ooakroom of the House of Rep
resentative*. Learning that Johnson— for
so was he named-had a mother and sis
ter In slavery in Maryland and that he
was savir.j; money to jiurchase their free
dom. Mr. Wood passed the hat among his
associates, collected $S°0. added $200 from
Lis own pocket and presented it to John
son, who, with his own savings was then
the possessor of $800. which he deposited
with Riggs & Co. Mr. Wood next inter
ested hiinstlf to secure for Johnson a
lt-ar-e at the barber shop at a Saratoga
hcte;, from whicii it was estimated that
J*a) could be derived during the season,
thus mailing up the sum cf $1200 necc-s
euiy to purchasa the woman and her
ci lighter.
liefore the season opened at Saratoga
Fort Sumter was tired up^n, an extra ses
sion of Congress was cal.ed and Johnson
relinquished his Saratoga lease and was
L"iick in h'.a place a: Washington ready
to wait upon his Cor.sressionai friends.
"This Is too bad," said ilr. Wood, as
he stttied himself in the Larter's chair.
"We will have to nuke up a little more
money for jou to buy your mother and
sister. Cannot you fc'tt master to take a
liule less than $12J0 for them? "Oh, yes.
ilui.. .-a. Wood,"* was the cheerful reply. "He
done offers to t-iko JSjO for them now."
"Well, you have get JSOO, haven't you?
You haven't spent any of that money,
have jou?" "Xo indeed," replied tfie col
ored man, "it i.s all safe in Massa Higgs'
bank.'* "Well, why <ion"t you buy your
mother and sisttr with it?" queried Mr.
Wood. The barber applied the lather vig
orously to the Congressman's chin and rt>
plicd: "Dar's no hurry, Massa Wood,
dar*s no hurry. Niggers is going to be
mighty cheap befo* dis wah is ovah."
Of all latter-day American statesmen
none so occupied public attention in his
lifetime or died so utterly when he died
as James G. Elaine, lie impressed his
Individuality strongly upon those about
him, but It did not extend to those with
.whom he did not come in personal con
tact. He had quickness of perception to
a remarkable degree, but lacked breadth
and depth and prescience. With every
appearance of unselfish devotion to pub
lic interests, he estimated and dealt with
measures and with men in their bearing
upon his own fortunes, rather than the
public welfare. He did not lower his hel
met when the fight was on. but he did not
hesitate to stoop to conquer, and he was
a lukewarm friend and a placable enemy.
He was a born diplomat. He was power
ful and dramatic, and often eloquent in
speech, but his addresses were for hia
Immediate audience, ar.d he indorsed Sir
Eoyle Reach In saying, "What has pos
terity done for us?" His motto was that
of Danton, "L'audace. l'audace. toujours
J'audace." If he had lived longer and had
possessed more robust health he might
have reached the goal of his ambition,
for he was surely a great partisan leader,
and neither his power nor his opportuni
ties had passed their zenith when he was
called away.
<Ooryripht. 1503. by Thomas Fitch.)
Washington
Reminiscences
THis Is the Ninth
of These
Clever Articles,
THE BUNDAY C AIjIi.
The- nomination of Greeley for Presi
dent by the Democrats in 1872, though
tragical in its outcome, bad many amus
ing features.
I happened to be one of a stageload of
passengers dining at a wayside station
in Eastern Nevada, when the Austin
stage arrived, bringing the glad tidings,
?moos our passengers was a stalwart
Horace Greeley is a great historic fig
ure. He was surely the most prolific and
potential id tc rial writer of his genera*
tion. Defeated by tne several managers
for a seat in the Republican National
Convention of 18C0 from. New York, he ap
peared duly accredited as a delegate from
Oregon, and he was a powerful ' factor in
procuring the defeat of Seward for the
nomination. He was the idol of hundreds
ot thousands of voters who were interest
ed in political success, not to secure the
triumph of men, but the establishment of
principles. It is an undecided question,
whether the white hat on the back of the
bald head, the long white coat and the
trousers tucked in the boot leg were de
liberate or accidental eccentricities. But
there was no question as to the power of
the man when with pen In hand he as
vailed or upheld practices and principles.
He was ambitious, but until * the last
months which preceded his tragical end-
Ins ha ever seemed philosophical in ad-
Mr. Greeley cordlal!y hated the admin
istration of James Buchanan for Its sub
servience to the slave power, but hia pa
triotism was superior to his politics. At
a Fourth of July banquet given in London
before the Civil War by the British Anti-
Slavery Society. Mr. Greeley was selected
to reply to the toast, "The United States."
He commenced his speech by saying,
"What the United States most needs Is a
good licking " ' He was interrupted
by a burly Briton. who, rapping
h's approval with his knife upon
the tabie. cried, "Hear! hear!" and «x
c!aimed. "that's right. Mr. Greeley.
that's * what the United States most
needs." The Tribune philosopher grew
red with indignation and turning on the
interrupter he finished his sentence ty
saying, "But unfortunately no nation on
the face of the earth, not even the coun
try of the gentleman who interrupted me,
Is able to give it to her."
That Is their right, and I shall not dis
pute It.".
ind Sister Jones, who has just left us.
None of these sisters were sealed to any
body before their departure and I pro
pose, Brother Hooper, to seal them to
you." "Why, certainly, President Young,"
replied the relieved and . delighted Hooper,
"certainly— Just as many dead ones as
you- like,"
"The Gloucester was, under the- rule*,
promoted to the place of cook. H» was a
good cook, too, and we Uved well for »
wrek: then he got tired of his job and
plotted to relinquish It. lie served us
coffee too weak to walk unblamed," and
beans that needed to be pounded on the
back before they could be eaten and pork
with the bristles on. But w» put up a>
syndicate to praise everything he- did and
he remained as chief culinary artist. On*
day, driven desperate, he baked a batch
of bread about half salt and served It to
us for dinner— hot. I was one of the first
at the table, and breaking off a piece o£
the bread, was nearly strangled la at
tempting to eat It. After I had cleared
my throat I exclaimed Indignantly,
'Well, of all the salty messes I ever tast
ed this L* the — J Then I caught sight
cook to b« selected by lot and to serve
three months, unless complaint was made,
and then the grumbler was to take the
place cf the cook and serve his unex
pired, tarra. It waa no sinecure to cook
for forty hungry miners and any of us
preferred to labor with pick and shovel.
The first week the let of cooking fell, to
an Inexperienced youth from New York
City, ar.d he certainly did serve some hor
rible messes. An old mackerel fisher from
Massachusetts burst Into a torrent of
profanity at the youth merely because
he had split some whale oil Into the cod
fish.
14
JOE BOSENBEBCFS.
pgjj&y No Ands
'Wiii No Hums
%||f No Haws WiS
t**j£/ ut here's som; real i|ij^fll
fi^a] hand-made sSvl
If Battenberg 1
M OuUilO era
i\j at less than \ ou can buy thi F|3
I mat *; i 1 for; :o inches wide, R?J
54 .nche- Ion?, '.xtra heavy fern
butch -r linrn center, finished |-«
ail around with a three-inch L^fi
wid; h-n:-mrd; Rattertbe-g; r£|
lacs- Our prue $150 each l^«
\ Twentv ; nv:hesw*deand48 P^l
A inchrs long: made of all-over VtA
4hand-m ide Battentera; Lace, fFm
\ in tounJ and Gncian ef- t&q|
fl f-cts. Pi" $1.50 Wpjl
n LEST YOU FORGET. g||
hi.v* hundreds mo e at fr^i%
j«A low^r and higher prices. f&|l
m Joe Rosenberg 03
j£&& THE PRICE-CUTTER. /Ifivl
J5^> 816 Market St j*5f*%|
f^&feiik mail °° ders >J*$^iWhen the closing whistle sounded the score was Just the saxaa,
And Straw Berry got the credit for winning the wondrous game.
For his very great achievement the modest little Straw
Was offered a seat in Congress there to help make the law*
Young Berry took the honor, and blushed a little deeper,
And said he'd have old Crookneck named as street and alley sweeper.
A banquet great was tendered to the players of both sides,
And the favors that some got, my pets, were sweet and wtasoa*
DTlo.es.
The very charming Gladys Peach told her hero— Apricot—
That she'd wed him without waiting for the sanction of her pop.
Beautiful Belle Flower Apple gave her hand to Bartlett Fear, •
And said for -his brilliant playing she would wed him then and there.
Tour old friend Pat Potato said he would a bachelor be,
And started alone for his beautiful home at Au Oratin-by-the-Sea*
The committee on entertainment completed arrangement* soon
For holding a grand reception by the light of the silver moon.
General Pippin, gallant and bold, was to have the thing in charge,
"And he appointed a sub-committee, which. in numbers was very large.
Hesdames Prune and Plum and Carrot and the Hisses Parsnip sweet
.Were named to prepare a bill of fare of luscious things to eat.
The Very Honorable Grandpa Prune was chosen to make a speech,
Because cf his oratorical power and his voice's wonderful reach.
; One thousand invitations, loves, were quickly mailed to those
[Who wtre. high ug ia society and hid fine reception clothes, -
Jn~~ A , HKKE was very great excitement in Pumpkinton last
z£><WMi%0 When the finest of all athletes played at football near
The teams were evenly balanced, and the attendance was so great
That the manager long before the game was compelled to close the
- The game was played for* the benefit of needy Onions old,
And the proceeds were pretentious— at least, that's what I'm told,
'Tis against the law in Fumpkinton to make wagers big or small,
But the betting was quite active and was indulged in by them all.
Crooks eck Squash, the lumbering one, played center on his team,
And Ms playing was the best ever Been on a gridiron green.
Stiff and haughty Cucumber opposed him on the line.
But was no match for. the giant, though his playing was quite* fine.
Active Charley Centeloupe did tkws punting for his side,
And many a time he sent the ball en a long and twisting rid©.
Once L? kicked it o'er the trees into a running stream,
But the mighty Crookneek ewam far It, encouraged by his team.
Dapper young Bill Pickle, played a, very brilliant game,
But was * injured, in > a scrimmage and. off the field quite lame* '
THE SUNDAY CALL. *
15
THE WONDERFUL KINGDOM OF
WONDERFUL THINGSCpf HESE are the names of the
j sixty lucky children who won
I prizes In the puzzle contest—
the Namts of Musical Instru
ments—published in The Sunday Call
of November It .
'Bose Seymore, 738 Washington
street, Santa Bosa; Boy Bay, Sixth
and Castro streets, Oakland; Herman
Schmidt, 321 Grant avenue, San
Francisco; Joseph Schmidt, 321 Grant
avenue, San Francisco; A. Huber,
1308 Polk street, San Francisco;
Margaret Zlegler, Stockton; Glen. Mo-
Kenzie, Box 54, Sausalito; Annie Das
eel, Niles; A. Cody, 2631 I street,
Sacramento; Balphine Mills, Wood
bridge; Elmo Pinkerton, 2037 How
ard street, San Francisco; Ben Os
born, Watsonville; Frank Edwards,
098 Sutter street, San Francisco; Mil
dred Watson, Sacramento; Maud
Parish, Vlsalia; Helen Nagle, Santa
Bosa; Arthur Saurret, Los Angeles;
Phil Murray, Fruitvale; Merle Green,
1406 Seventeenth street, Oakland;
Lawrence Jacobsen, Bethany; Paul
Scriven, Melrose; Mabel Breen, Santa
Bosa; Barbara Stuart, Santa Bosa)
Mildred Sutherland, Virginia City,
Nevada; Ed Heritage, 1765 Eighth
street, Oakland; Hazel Kirk, San
Jose; Elizabeth O'Neill, 628 Grant
avenue, South Vallejo; May Edwards,
Gilroy; Bee Dudley, Dixon; H. Hood,
Fruitvale; Emma Bennett, 367 South
street, San Jose; Lester Welch, Di
xnond; Walter Kerr, 16 Capp street,
Oakland; H. Shannon, Nord; Vincent
Brown, 881* Milton street, Oakland;
M. B. Benn, Gilroy; Charles Ostrom,
2949 Steiner street, San Francisco;
De Witt Sanderson, Vallejo; John
Schmidt, 321 Grant avenue, San
Francisco; Edwina Pratt, Gibbs;
Sarah Bisdon, Watsonville; Mildred
Nidever, Santa Cruz; Earle Wohler,
3376 Twenty-third street, San Fran
cisco; Albert Hill, 859 Broadway,
Oakland; William Ogham, Hilton;
Walter Wood, 270 San Carlos avenue,
San Francisco; Kenneth Pyle, Gilroy;
L. Morse, 506 Ninth street, San Fran
cisco; Clarence Dow, Lodi; Sidney
Greenleaf, Salinas; Gertie Connoly,
Suisun; Manuel Monreal, 269 Ninth
street, Oakland; Viola Upton, 027
Wood street, Oakland; Ivy Steele,
Clay; Enna Cramer, Stockton; Leonie
Manuel, Box 7, Monterey; Elmer
Ketchum, McCloud; Ruth Dewey, San
Rafael; E. E. Hunt, Fruitvale. >
THESE ARE
THE SIXTY
PRIZE
WINNERS
OF NOV. /.
SEND IN YOUR PICTURES
OB A BOX OF SUPEBFINB FBENCH PAINTS.
Find* the name of nineV 1 flslr represented*, by ;*the 'Small Puzzle ;Pictuw"s ton : , this page, and
write them . out in full, in the * space "> opposite' v; the '¦¦/proper number ".provided for
the purpose"" in. the.' coupon on •; t his pa ge, . as per • directions ; flllf in ;the r coupon with jrpur name and ad
dress and the, prize you desire— if :you win—and f seixd^ tne^ picture, : with . ; the ; coupon : attached/ to the EDI.
TOB OF THE NAME JPT7ZZLE PAGE,' Sunday^Call^an-Fwrncisco; Cal;V r : : ". "; r . X
EEMEMBEBr-To 'the FIBST SIXTY, BOYS AND' OIBLS>who solr* the Nine Name Puzzlei cor
rectly, one i of these SIXTY - BEAUTIFUL PBIZESCwill be awarded. '-'j ; V; * "
And don't forget
THIS, OFFICE : BY^FBIDAY' NOON. ThisJ gives -al^those-inltte: countryTan V equal chance to compete.
XEead everything on; thispage,^to>be'stir^'that you'bverlo^k'nb^hing that' will help ; you \to: win a" prize.
: . THE NAMES OF THE* LUCKY WINNEBS WILL BE PUBLISHED IN THE f SUNDAY 'CALL
TWO WEEKS FBOMTO^AY,^ November 29.' : * -^ r - *V : 7^^^' z
v y . .These art the TWENTY" BEAUTmn^ solve all th«
puzzles correctly: Aj Wonder ; B^k,jby^Hai^oraey!^
Science, by ; Buckley; 1 ; Greek Heroes, by Kingsley;- Alice's ¦fAdTWtw«Tin'5^6nderiand;-\\by'\Carroll; v 'bld
CHiristmaSjbylrving^The^Water: Babies^ by'KingsleyV^^^
sica'a First Prayer, by Stretton; \ Christie's I Old? Or gan^ hyl Walton; ;Th» i Sketch ••; Book, iby^ Irving; Kava
nagh, by Longfellow; Ch^nfofd; by CkskeU; The; PUgr^
Hearth, by Dickens; The - Tales \ from Shakespeare/ by Lamb; Treasure \\ Island, by Stevenson; Adventures
of a Brownie, by Mulock; Laddie and Miss TooseyV Mission "d Th» Magic Nuts,' by Molesworth.
And now listen carefully: TH3CEE ABE SIXTY PBIZES,; and this vis what you must ! do to win
one of them: .. ; ;/_;;; • . -. .-„:;.'; ' . -. ,j- r v"-.; r ," ;"|^^?^v : - , ¦. '¦*,:'¦/¦ ¦'¦¦-:¦¦ ¦ *!;;'*' [ "' v% ;• '- ; '; 5
e'H, Children! Things are happening on this page aUL the. time; ' Se>you would best/keep your eyes
open. For instance/ do you realize, that there : wUl';be • only* one week mow of : this Fifth Series of
Name Puzzles, and then comes the Special Five and 'Ten ; Dollar prizes for the highest percentage
of the- whole thirteen weeksP Well, it is so— work, work^ work. And have you seen any of ,the
new list of prizes published below P ~ Aren't they perfectly beautiful? Yes, they are the New Landscape
Series, a special /edition, designed particularly for a/Christmas book, and every picture is a~jwork of art
in itself. 'And best of all, every b ook has - a /different cover— some . are winter - scenes, some are summer
landscapes— some show a bit of old Holland quaintness, others reveal glimpses " of famous - places the
world over. These new prizes are -indeed a distinct- novelty, something Jthat you will find the most ex
pensive article in the way of books for children when you T come to make your Christmas gifts this year.
And then there are those Superfine FrerichPaihts. : Just think .^ofthe^ Christmas presents* you can make
with those. And besides all this therelii^e'^
So remember this: You will all have '-a' r chance'- not only. to^ win a prize, • but to 'get ; your7 picture
published as well. The Puzzle Editor wants all prize winners. from' now on'vto send in their pictures— the
whole sixty every week if possible. ¦ Begin; right now£ ; Don't wait The more the . merrier. - There can't
bejtoo many. But remember:only,the ! p^l^winn£r^
Each: of the Nine pictures An this,- jie^ twelfth-contest of^th© FIFTH SEBIES: of i Name Puzzles,
represents a fish. Can v y6u guessPyAhr; TheVe is'ric^ t Now] is your chance.
Bemember there will be a SPECIAL $5 ud^'l6*priM^W/tli6 : ']dgheit : pmuLti^« lof 'the \\ whole thirteen
weeks of the Fifth Series. ' '<^< : .> ....-_ ¦?;¦ -;-,v^ Ci^iC*-.- --¦-• -;• —* 7 ¦^.••'-,^---t-: "';. -',-¦:'"* ', '
THB;f6UN»AT CAIitt
16
NAME PUZZLES
Solve the Puzzles,
Fill Out the Coupon
and Send It to
the Puzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, S. F.
To Puzzle Editor, Sunday Call,
San Francisco:
Below in theix proper num-
bers please find my solution of
the names of Nine Different
Kinds of Fish represented in
this week's Name Puzzles.
X ••» •••••••••
2
8
4
5
6
7
t
8
9 , i
November 15, 1003.
Name ,.
Street or P. O
City £
Stat
If I win I choose for prize
•••• —
(See Li*t of Prizes.)COLOMBIA CALLS UPON ALL REPUBLICS OF SOUTH AMERICA
TO SUPPOR T HER IN A WAR FOR THE SUBJUGATION OF PANAMA
MEMBERS OF THE .UPPER" HOUSE OF CONGRESS WHO WILL LEAD
OPPOSING FACTIONS IN THE COMING CONTEST' OVER THE AD
, . MINISTRATION'S . PANAMA- POLICY.
Continued on ', Page ; 18, Columns 1 and 2.
g MANILA, Noy^ 75.— Th« Iheads'o'f departi
ments', have cabled /•President!'] Roosevelt
Jheir,indorsement ,of^rthur^W.VFerguiipn,* 1
'executive secretary, .¦ f or the^vacancyj u'pon,
¦th'eX Board of , Philippine/" Commissldneifs
'which will • be created by /the retirement*
of Governor Taft. r • ';<•%*
Want Ferguson for, Commissioner:
MANILA, Nov. 15.— Agllpay, the nom
inal head of the. schismatics, has ' protest:
ed against the action of Monsignor F. J.
Hooker. Bishop of Jaro. in taking posses."
sioa of the Catholic church at La. Paz.
Ilollo. Monslgitor Rooker has threatened
to take drastic measures -to curb the
•chlimatloa.
Catholic Church in Dispute.
Last ; of the Xadr ones Captured.
4YMANrL^*(Npy.'.^.^Tbe>; < coristabulary
has cap tu red ; the* last | of i the lad ron es ' op
¦eratinjr' In : MindoroT'" ¦;>_;¦ ~"-'H'l ¦'¦¦'t}';*'\ ',¦<
The petition in' involuntary^ bankruptcy
was granted ' by Judge/Adams.^wh'o v «p"-*
pointed : Hugh McKittrlck ; Receiver .%\Vi*
ST. LOUIS, Nov. H.-rAn involuntary, pe
tition in bankruptcy. was filed In the Unit-'
ed "States District ; Court j- to-day 4 : against
the large dry, goods? iflnn^f.D/ Crawfonl'
&, Co.' The petitionVVwas filed ,by]' thVeV
creditor banks and]; alleges ; ; that ; ,- the
firm's assets are $500,000 and .its
S900.000. ¦ V/'V - /JX --¦'*''¦ : ' :y!^0j^''l
One of the . Larjg^st Houses in the
City Forced to the T Wall- V . :
by. Creditors. . . ; ; . ¦
st. lotjis dby: goods^;
fibm is- bankbtjpt
ET. PETERSBURG. Nov. 14.— About
3000 witnesses and fifty, lawyers will
appear at the trial, which .will open on"
Thursday next, of the persons arraigned
on the charge of participation In the
massacre of Jews at Kishenev In April
last. All of the mayors, marshals - and
nobles of Bessarabia will sit In judgment
on the prisoners.
THOUSANDS TO TESTIFY
HT KISHENEV BIOT CASES
All Hayors, Marshals and Nobles of
BeeBarabia Will Sit in Judg
ment.
,.¦ PORTLAND, Or.,* Nov. 14.— Although
his crime netted him only a single ten
c*ent piece, -Edward - Arpln, a youthful
highwayman who held up a man in the
street last month • and took a dime, all
the money he had, from- him, was sen
tenced to eight years in' the penitentiary
by Judge Clelland this, morning. Arpln
confessed his guilt and hoped thereby to
receive a light sentence, but* highway,
robberies are»becomitog"f requeiit ' In Port
land and the* Judge made an 'example -of
EIGHT YE ABS • IN PBISON
FOB A TEN CENT PIECE
Portland Judge Makes an Example
of a Youthful Highwayman Who '
Confessed His Guilt. 1
SALONTCA, Macedonia. Nov. 14. — Ac
cording to an official statement the Bul
garians killed during the' disturbances in
European Turkey, from AprillB to the
present time, total 15,000.
VIENNA, Nov. 14.— Boris Sarafoff, the
Macedonian leader, In an Interview at
Kustendlll. Bulgaria, yesterday, said the
insurrection in the vilayet of . Monastlr
had cost the lives of 1200 insurgents and
that 130 villages had been burned. The
revolutionary organization, ! he added,
was continuing operations.
Cost In Lives of the Macedonian Bis-"
ing Is Given in Official
Figures. ;
FIFTEEN THOUSAND
BULGARIANS KILLED
Special Cablegram to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1003, by
¦ v the Ne-w York Herald Publishing Company.
y% OGOTA, Colombia, Nov. 12.— President Marroquin
ff—£! has made a strong appeal to the Latin- American Presi
g Jy dents for. support, in a .war to; retake Panama. ' He
declares Colombia 'will resist; by all possible means in
her, power, .the. separation of the isthmus, and adds that the
plentiful resources; and. patriotic blood of the nation will be used,
if necessary, to prevent the independence of Panama,
•The publicity of the President's message this morning has
caused intense feeling at the' capital. -On every side the Govern
ment is assured -of" financial support and. banks have offered their
capital to aid in reconquering" the; isthmus. ; Patriotic citizens
have tendered "their wealth , and services and. many committees
have been formed to raise funds to prosecute the campaign.
•.^ .There. is the greatest confidence, however, -that General
Reyes' mission will 'meet' with success, t President Marroquin also
is hopeful of favorable Replies to his message from the neighbor
ing Presidents... In^this. appeal," -'which 'was cabled to nearly
every capital in, South 'America,, he said:.; -
"Isthmian separation has not been inspired by, any supreme
order or by the spirit -which justified -'the 'independence .from
Spain; ; On the.othenhand'irripatient' avariciousness and ¦ greed
are behind the revolution. The schemers against the Govern
ment' succeeded in mystifying the' military guard on the isthmus
and 1 inducing: it to; treason i against the mother countryr -
"Colombia: hopes that; her South , and; Central -American
sisters'will practically co-operate in the patriotic movement start
ed | fyy this Government ; in ¦ behalf; of Colombia's' integrity,- con
sidering that a. retention j 'of sovereignty is a common cause, or
should be, in; Latin-American republics.
"Colombia wilh endeavor to;^ maintain .Colombian union by
LONDON, Nov. 14.— The news ©f the
operation on Kaiser Wllhelm was natur
ally followed with keen Interest in medi
cal circles of London, for as the Lancet
says, the feeling of every medical man
on recalling that in a man of 45 years,
whose father died from cancer of the
larynx and whose mother succumbed to
cancer of the breast, larynglcal polypus
had been discovered, was naturally one of
uneasiness.
The Lancet, however, deduces from th*
data made public that a speedy recovery
may be looked for and commends the
courage and good sense of the Emperor
in taking the world* into his confidence
and thereby preventing dissemination of
much sinister rumor and idle gossip. An
other' British medical authority, who, in
days gone by, has been intimately asso
ciated ' with doctors of his Majesty for
minor complaints, has gKen some inter
esting details as to what manner of pa
tient William II is. This physician is
quoted as saying: "The Kaiaer is -not at
all a bad patient when he once thoroughly
understands what is wrong with himself."
The first thing to which he gives his at
tention when a note of alarm is sounded
is to diagnose himself on his own account.
He is of a most embarrassingly Inquisi
tive disposition and piles his physician
with all kinds of questions about his par
ticular ailment, which is said to be pursu
ing him, and as likely as not h« will then
send for a medical treatise on the subject
and read it up. When he has submitted
he becomes a little sterner than usual and
is inclined to fret somewha^ The pre
scription which he most dreads is abso
lute rest and he is a great believer in hla
own ability to force himself to health.
But when once he is In his doctors' hands
he carries out their instructions implicitly
and shows the greatest confidence in their
capability. In reference to Dr. O'to
Schmidt's treatment of cancer the Lancet
has this: "Before Schmidt's theory as to
the exact causation of the malignant d»s
ease can be accepted by the medical pro
fession it will be necessary for very
much more evidence to be produced as to
the exact nature of the parasite or as to
the kind of tumor which was produced
by induction." *
Nothing Irrelevant is said In Dr.
Schmidt's description of parasite. It may
be in a sense comprehensive, but fa want
ing in many details of proof which would
be required by a pathologist before the
validity of any one's claim to be the dis
coverer of the law of cancer can be se
riously considered. However, it may be
conceded that exact proof as to causation
Is immaterial if only Dr. Schmidt can
show that he has In truth discovered the
long sought for cure of one- of the most
distressing of all diseases.
¦'/At '-.7' fa' clock ? a : boat .was : secured ; and
/William '^Ly ttlei started < to - the ' rescue - of
the' -almost 1 exhausted j man.]/ His s boat
'capsi*e"d':'8^djhe.ltoo\*.waa7obllg^d j to'seek
"safety^br.bapfing^on;to the willows/: The
'two men; were "clinging' to the willows /un
til j; 10:80 */o'cloc6 , -before any help 'could
reach" tKem/J They were then \ brought foff
in"-* boat.*,';'; Davie ; unconscious. "£>'£/.
Davie was. not so fortunate. ": Ha was
rushed- along: by -the swift current and
finally caught hold of some willow boughs
in ,the_ river. _To. these, he clung /with all
his .strength. .Abe. Dawson was dazed.
He*-. thought: his companion •had.;.-, been
swept to* certain- death. He ran down the
bank of the creek, f to : the^ river and '. then
heard; Davie cryingTfor, help. „ He ran i all
the* way t° Reddlngfand !gave the alarm;
In 'a ishbrt; time: almost fifty jpeopie were
at the' s'cene. < _ ¦]¦ ;'~ . *
Davie ah/1 Abe Dawson came to Red
ding Friday evening:from Keswlck. At>a
little after- 2 o'clock Saturday morning
the two young, men started on the return
trip. The rain was falling in torrents and
the* southeasterly wind was blowing a
hurricane. , They made slow progress. ,
When Salt Creek was. reached the men
attempted to ford' it." When the rig was
about." the center, of 'the stream the wa
ter ¦'rushed ' over the bed of the r buggy.
The'horse stopped and in an instant, the
torrent swept the outfit down the stream.
Dawson got clear from the wrecked'bug
gy and* crawled out on the bank of the
creek unhurt. : ;
REDDING, Nov. 14.— Seven hours! and
a half in the cold waters of the Sacra
mento, the rain^beating down in his face,
his limbs benumbed and his strength
about gone," bruised" and only half con
scious . and . unable to call out for aid,'
was tha frightful experience through
which HydefR. Davie passed this morn
ing and from which he is now lying on a
couch in a" critical condition. " He' may
die from the exposure and exhaustion.
Special Dispatch to The Call
PARIS, Nov. 14.— Genera] Francois de
Bourbon. Due d'AnJou, who was born In
Toulouse In 1S53 and is now serving as a
general of division in the Spanish army,
has again come forward after ten years
of quiet as a pretender to the French
throne. A political committee has been
established, with rooms In Rue St.
Georges, under the name "national com
mittee of the royal party of France," and
has Issued a circular calling on all pa
triots to fight for their King. The name
of M. Lasies. Deputy, figures at. the head
of the committee.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
Martial Spirit Is Rife in Bogota and Citi
zens Contribute to \an
Army Fund.
While no one dreamed that Mrs. Culver
contemplated any such step, rumors of
incompatibility between the copper king's
favorite child and her husband have not
been lw^^g Though they avoided all
that sight give food to gossip . for some
time, Mrs. Culver quietly contrived to be
absent from the city when the doctor was
at home, and spent much time with her
sister, Mrs. Lewis Rutherford Morris,
when circumstance obliged their presence
in town at the same time.
NET' YORK, Nov. 14— Mrs. Everett
Mallcry Culver, daughter of Senator Tfal
l'.am A- Clark of Montana, multi-million
aire, is suing Dr. Culver for absolute di
vorce and custody of her child, Katherlne,
aged ?.
Proceedings were begun laet July before
Mrs. Culver sailed for Europe, but the
utmost secrecy has been maintained by
all the parties concerned, and though
Mrs. Culver's release from matrimonial
bonds is practically assured, her most in
timate friends and even members of her
family have been kept in ignorance of the
facts.
Mr*. Everett Mallory Culver Sues for
an Absolute Decree and Cus
tody of Child.
DAUGHTER OF SENATOR
CLARK SEEKS DIVORCE
Agony Suffered by
I a Youth in the
Sacramento.
Francois De Bourbon Returns From
Spain and Establishes Head
quarters for Royal Party.
GOES BACK TO PARIS
TO CLAIM HIS THBONE
Emperor a Model
Patient Say
Doctors.
ICY WATERS
OF A RIVER
IMPERIL LIFE
SURGEONS
WATCH CASE
OF KAISER
Otto first cam© to the notice of Gover
nor Peabody on October 12, when he wrote
to that official a letter requesting an im
mediate interview. He continued his ef
forts to. obtain an audience, writing a
dally letter. Each of his communications
covers an average of eight pages of fools
cap and is threatening in tone. The Gov
ernor placed the affair In the hands of
the Pinkertons. who have been shadowing
Otto since October' 12.
In his last letter to the Governor. Otto
said that he would visit the Governor's
office at 3 o'clock this afternoon. Under
Sheriff. O'Neill, Deputy de Lue and De
tective .'Prettyman were awaiting him.
De Lue impersonated Hhe Governor. - As
Otto reached out his hand to give the
supposed Governor a . letter De Lue
snapped: handcuffs upon him. Otto made
little resistance. '
DAILY NOTE TO PEABODY.
Otto is a miner. His parents live at
Elmhurst, a suburb - of Chicago. His
father is a minister of the gospel at that
place. Otto says that he left home three
years ago and has wandered through the
West, working in <he mines in Idaho.
Colorado. Montana, and, for a time, in
the Coeur .d'Alenes district.
Further than this he refused to say
anything in regard to his business during
his residence in California.
"Pardee is my friend."
look Into. Otto's case later." and in the
meantime, suggested that Otto make the
best of the situation.
HAS LETTERS FROM PARDEE.
Upon being questioned Otto said that his
confinement in the hospital was caused
by the belief of persons in San Francisco
and Sacramento that he was Insane. He
admitted that he had once served a sen
tence of six months in jail there, his ar
rest resulting from his attempt to have
an Interview with the Governor of that
State. Later, he* said, he was charged
with insanity and transferred to the Napa
hospital.
The letter, over the signature of George
C. Pardee, was written on the stationery
of the executive department. State of
California, Sacramento. In reply to the
query as to who the writer was. Otto
said:
Otto appeared at the Capitol- at 3:30
o'clock in the afternoon. Hia arrival was
expected because of anonymous .letters
which he had written to the Governor re
cently. ,' ...,'. .
Otto's actions are queer and he bears
evidence of being mentally "unbalanced.
Letters found on his person revealed -the
fact that ho had ' been- confined ¦ in the
Napa hospital during the month of March
last. <- Two -letters signed by Governor
George C. Pardee and addressed to him
at' that place related to his condition and
requested him to remain in the instltutfon
until h'e'was'dlsmisse'd by the officials 'as
.cured. , The ¦ writer- said that he would
DENVER, Nov. 14.— John Otto, who
was recently released from the State hos
pital at Napa, Cal., went to the State
House to-day prepared to kill Governor
Peabody, whose life he had 'threatened.
Before he had opportunity to carry out
his purpose he was seized by detectives
and hurried to the County Jail. On his
being searched a miner's .candlestick, re
cently sharpened and eight inches long,
was found on his person. '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BRISTOL, Tenn., Nov. 14.-Outstripping
in magnitude and importance any of the
historic cases of kidnaping, and standing
side by side with and parallel to the most
noted productions In romantic fiction.
mu6t be classed the sensational abduction
of Edward Wentz, on the vast Wentz es
tate in Southwest Virginia on October 14,,
and the extraordinary search which has
followed, through a period of one month,
among the Alleghany Mountains in the
southwestern part of the Old Dominion, j
Every inch of ground for a score of
miles around was searched over; Ho well
River, near by, was dredged for many
miles, and-Iartre. caves in the mountains
•were searched with the aid of. .electric
searchlights, but nothing was revealed
that would tend to ehow that the young
man had been murdered.
Under the Incentive of . a reward of
$55,000 a large lorce of detectives has
been working on the case. The general
search that was carried on by laborers
from day to day at 'the cost of a fortune
has been abandoned 'and* the dectectlves
and - counsel for the "Wentz . estate j are
conducting 'the investigation.
Dr. and Mrs. Wentz, with their young
est son, J. L. ' Wentz, who hastened
hither on a special train,: have returned
to their home . in Philadelphia. None of
the family of the missing man now be
lieve that he has been murdered. They
hold the belief that he - Is being - held
somewhere In the mountains for a . ran
som and will be delivered up when the
proper time comes.
Several supposed clews have been aban
doned as "fakes." One of them was an
offer from a strange man to deliver
Wentz alive to the family on payment of
$100,000. The negotiations have been aban
doned and the man's proposition Is given
no further consideration. - •
It is now believed Wentz is being held
in the mountains of Kentucky.
Special Dlep«tch to The- Call.
TVIth the deat!) of Dr. Nixon came the
first warning to Miss Nelson that she was
•within the grasp of the disease. She left
h!s deathbed with a headache. Hacking
pains and high temperature told her that
*he was at last a victim of yellow fever.
6he calmly called a physician and sub
jected herself to the necessary treatment.
Her condition has prradual!y grown worse
and there Is little hope for her recovery.
Several days ego Dr. Nixon, the super
intendent of the hospital, was attacked
by yellow fever. Miss Nelson epent all
of her waking hours at his bedside, but
even this constant care was of no avail
and he died from the attack. Other Amer
icans who were taken to the hospital were
the recipients of the same attention and
professional devotion by Miss Nelson as
was given to Dr. N'.xon-
6pec!«J Dl?patch to The Call
MONTEREY, Mexico, Nov. 14.-Miss
Mary Nelson, a beautiful young lady of
Denver, Colo., who came to Monterey sev
eral rreeks ag-o when yellow fever made
Its appearar.ee here and braved the dan
gers of the terrible disease by taking the
position of chief nurse In the Monterey
hospital, has been stricken by the malady
and now lies in a critical condition in a
ward of the institution where she has so
faithfully performed her arduous duties.
Miss Nelson cfjne to Monterey against
the protests of -*er relatives and friends
In Denver. Despite their earnest warn
ings and appeals she entered the stricken
city with the determination of doing all
she could to alleviate the sufferings of
the victims of the fever. There was a
r't.iii/ vif nurses :n the Monterey hos
pital, and her application for a position
there was gladly accepted by Dr. Nixon,
the superintendent. She has been fearless
In attending to her duties beside the beds
cf the yellow fever sufferers. For several
weeks she hardly had time for thought
of her personal comfort. Night and day,
almoet. was she to be found rendering aid
to the stricken patients. It was due to
her constant care and nursing that many
were placed on the road to ultimate re
covery.
Stricken While Ministering
to Victims of Dread
Epidemic.
Says He Served Time for
Annoying Governor Par
dee of California.
His Prison Is Believed to
Be in the Mountains
of Kentucky.
Officers Entrap Him in
State* House at
Denver.
Volunteers to Aid in
a Yellow Fever
Hospital.
An Army of Detectives
Finds No Trace of
Missing Man.
Vain Search for
the Rich Young
Virginian.
Former Inmate of
Napa Asylum
Arrested.
Beautiful Denver
Girl Sacrifices
Her Life.
ABDUCTORS
KEEP WENTZ
IN HIDING
BRAVE NURSE
DYING AMONG
HER PATIENTS
THREATENS
COLORADO'S
EXECUTIVE
' . "•> • s > _____
Pcrecaart mtirtn e* S&a, Xfcocb*
Cisco fox tilrty -loura. eallatf
i' t ¦".
miialght, arovember 15:
-*¦ ¦ ' * ¦» r ii
Saa rrcaclsco &a& victttty—
Cloudy JTturfjtj. irttSt eecsatoaaK
liowua; rreai oostltTresS v£&l3»
a. a. ncaA_wr t
The San Francisco Call
» VMM THEATBX8. /.
**> K O /¦ **
• < . /¦»
Alwutax — Tlia .Prlr-te secre
tary." ' ; • ¦*"¦-:./ 'C > " .
CallxorwU »Bt« _c6sMas. w V^ '
Central — "Uncl* Tom'i Cabin."
Columbia — "Tna Storks."
Fischer's — "Zlubea and Boim."
Orpfcetun — Vaudeville.
Tie C-ntes — Vaudeville.
Tivoll — Grand Opera.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUHE XCIV— NO. 168/
FOKTY-EIGHT PAGES— SAN THAN CISCO, SUNDAY; NOTEMBER 15, 1903.— PAGES ...17 TO 30./ When was the phrase "cut the painter"
first used in the politic*! sense as denoting
the severance of a colony from the mother
country? That Is what Dr. Murray wants
to know at present, for the purposes of his
.monumental dictionary. His personal Im
pression Is that he first heard it in 1ST0,'
that it was then a well known Australian
phrase, and that it represented the Anti
podean sentiment, of the period. It was
certainly, used much' earlier than 1S70. es
pecially during the -' anti-trahsportatlon
agitation of the forties and fifties.
Threats of "cutting the painter" were
then quite common with the democratic
orators; of Sydney and . Melbourne. In
deVd", we "should not: be" surprised if it is
traced' back to Boston and Banker Hill.—
London Chronicle.
"Cut the Painter."
Army orders— Captain Eugene O. Frehet
and Captain Carl F. Hartmann of tbe Sig
nal Corps . from the Philippines to San
Francisco for orders.
Postmaster commissioned: Oregon —
Vance R. Whitles. Moffltt.
class postmaster appointed:
Washington— Mary E. Stowers, East
Sound, San Juan County, vie© S. H.
Stowers, deceased.
• Rural free delivery will be established
at Santa Rosa, California, 'on December 15.
Navy orders— Commander W. W. Kim
ball from the Alert to home; Lieutenant
Commander G. IL Stafford from the Alert
to the Des . Moines as" executive" officer;
Ensign J. B. Gilmer from the Alert to the
Independence; Ensign F. E. J. Home
from* the Alert to the Adams; Ensign J. C.
Fremont from the Alert to home: Mid
shipman B. C. Allen from the Alert to
Supply; Passed Assistant Surgeon F. E.
McCullough from the Alert to home; As
sistant Paymaster G. B. Bloomer to the
Independence thence to the Tacoma; As
sistant Paymaster C. E. Barber from the
Alert to sea duty; Midshipman Wet Neu
man from the New York to /he Missouri;
First Lieutenant B. B. Wog from this
city to command a detachment of marines
being organized at Mare. Island for service
at Guam.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 14.-The Postofflce
Department to-day announced the follow
ing:
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE I
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Departments at Washington Order
Changes in the Army, Navy, and
Postal Service.
CANNOT SEND TROOPS.
Bunau-Varilla Says the Colombian
Government Is Powerless.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 14.— Philipp© Bu
nau-Varilla was at the State Department
to-day to see what information the of
ficials had regarding the situation on the
Isthmus.' He said he had no anxiety over
* SAN JOSE. Nov. 14.— Ben Shea, a
fourteen-year-old runaway boy from San
Francisco, was arrested here last night.
Th© boy resided with his parents near
Twenty-third and Castro streets. He
was turned over to his grandmother, who"
resides near Berryessa, this morning at
the request of his folks.
the dispatches from Guayaquil that a Co
lombian expedition would -^ endeavor to
reach the isthmus.
"It were easier," said th© Minister, "to
march from Cape Town to London than
from Bogota to Panama, for tho. Strait
of Gibraltar and the English Channel are
at least swimable, and the marshes be
tween the new republic and Colombia are
impenetrable." . _
¦ Th© Minister counts upon- tha American
naval force to deal effectively with any
expedition by sea that Colombia may at
tempt.
Dr. Thomas Herran, the Colombian
Charge d" Affaires, continues! to bo with
out advices from Bogota. The last ad
vices he had was on November 2, when a
brief message came announcing the ad
journment of Congress. Despite this fact
Dr. Herran is keeping Bogota closely in
formed on every action of the Washing
ton Government bearing on the isthmian
situation. ¦ , ¦¦••¦-;.•«,.• . - ; ;
Fall in Canal Securities.'
.PARIS, Nov. 14. — Panama canal secu
rities, after the exceptional advance of
the last eight days, became stationary
yesterday and turned toward a lower
level to-day, i The reaction appears to be
due to the publication here of dispatches
referring to possible complications and
delays in the ratification of the ! canal
treaty with Panama. . .
Russia's Attitude Unchanged
ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. 14.— Ther© is
no prospect of Russia modifying her at
titude toward the Brussels sugar con
vention, owing to the prevailing domestic
ecu id It ions.
Runaway Boy Is Arrested.
NEW ORLEANS, Nov. H.— A rear-end
collison on the Illinois Central Railroad
near Kentwood, La., eighty-five miles
from New Orleans ¦ to-night resulted In tha
killing of an unknown whit© wodfen, a
white child and . forty negroes. Ten
other negroes and three white men were
Injured, some of them fatally.
The. collision was between tha HcComb
City accommodation train and th© North
ern express, bound for Chicago.
The bodies of twenty-four negroes bad
been identified up to midnight. •
MISSOULA, Mont., Nov. 14.— Albert
Fairfax, the 19-year-old boy who held up
and murdered a Japanese laborer In the
Northern Pacific yards three weeks ago,
to-day pleaded guilty to a charge of mur
der in the second degree and was sen
tenced to ten years 'in the penitentiary.
Th© boy's statement was . that he was
nervous and that his revolver went off
accidentally.
Ten Years in Prison for a Boy. .
Two Whites and Twenty
Negroes Perish in
a Wreck.
NEW YORK, Nov. 14.— As an outcome
of the failure of Sutter Bros., Importers,
packers and dealers in leaf tobacco in
Chicago and thiS/Clty, the wholesale to
bacco district, embracing several blocks
in lower Manhattan, has been excited by
the refusal of local banks and several out
of-town institutions to extend them credit.
As most of the Sutter liabilities, run
ning close to $3,000,000, was In money due
to local firms, tobacco raisers in the South
and the colonies quickly asked that their
accounts here be settled immediately.
When banks were visited in the hope
of securing funds on promissory and ac
commodation paper to meet these de
mands, it is said the would-be borrowers
found It a hard matter to negotiate loans.
As a consequence, business in the tobacco
district suddenly experienced a great con
traction, but no eerlous results are yet
apprehended. _
TOBACCO FIRMS EMBARRASSED.
Failure of Sutter Brothers in Chicago
Causes Shrinkage of Credit.
Gaylord and Hurst both made deals with
cliff erent real estate agents for the lot.
aylord uaid the cash down and Hurst
had hl3 deed made out and sent to Ta
coma for the signature of the owner of
the land before paying.
Hurst has a deed to the land and
therefore claims it, but Gaylord rays it
is his because he paid his money first,
receiving the receipt of the real estate
agent. Gaylord had commenced to erect a
business i biilldine on the lot, but this
morning Hurst hired a number of men
to tear out the foundation of the building
and throw the material into the streets.
Gaylord has sued Hurst for damages as a
consequence.
EUGENE, Or.. Nov. 14.— For some time
past there has been a controversy over
the ownership of a lot in this city be
tween N. R. Gaylord, a dealer In musical
instruments, and 8. H. Hurst, a recent
arrival from South Dakota.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
Oregon Men Quarrel
Over the Ownership
of a Lot.
It is intimated In official circles here
that when the Panama Government
makes formal notification of the organiza
tion of th© new republic Germany will
give th© usual recognition without delay.
BERLJN, Nov. 14.-Germany's consu
lar representatives at Panama hav© open
ed business relations with' the. new Gov
ernment, which action Germany subse
quently sanctioned. Th© German consu
lar officers on the isthmus hav© reported
to the Foreign Office that tha Cabinet of
Panama is composed of men worthy of
respect.
Berlin Sanctions Relations With the
Republic of Panama.
DEALS WITH NEW REGIME.
It can b© said that the Senate Commit
tee on Committees has decided that Han
na shall succeed Senator Morgan of Ala
bama as chairman of tha Committee on
Interoceanlc Canals. Tha decision of th©
committee has not yet been announced
but probably will be next week.
Senator Hanna of Ohio had a long con
ference with th© President to-day. He>
remained with the President for more
than an hour. After he left th© execu
tive offices. Senator Hanna, while admit
ting that the Panama situation had been
under discussion, declined to go Into par
ticulars.
•Suppose," suggested an official of tha
administration. "that Congress had
passed an act authorizing th© purchase
by th© Government from John Doe of a
strip of land for a specific purpose, and
that the appropriation had been mad©
available to pay for it Subsequently,
it should be discovered that the land was
owned by William Roe. Of course, tha
Government had purchased the land from
Roe. It is th© land and not the owner
that Is the concern of the Government.
That Is precisely tho situation in which
w© find ourselves at this moment."
Pi© warrant for th© President to negoti
ate a treaty with Panama and to pay
the money made available by th© law for
canal purposes to Panama instead of to
Colombia. The. position of the President
and his advisers may be Illustrated by a
similar case:
BLOOMINGTON. I1L, Nov. 14.— A mob
of several hundred men, women and chil
dren at Colfax organized this morning
and, proceeding to a building just erected
by F. D. Radeke. a brewer of Kankakee,
known" as "cold storage" plant, com
pletely wrecked the structure. Threats
had been made by the temperance ele
ment, but tho contractor employed a large,
force of carpenters and planned to resist
any attack. They were outnumbered,
however.
Prohibitionists "Wreck a Brewery.
COLLISIOIS
COSTS LIVES
OF SCORES
RIVAL CLAIMANT
WRECKS A HOUSE
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 14.-The Arran
more left Portland on May 26 with a cargo
of 68,206 centals of wheat and reached Al
goa Bay on September 8. The storm,
with the loss of vessels, is a repetition of
that of last fall, when a large number of
vessels were stranded, among which was
one from this port.
PORT ELIZABETH, Cap© Colony, Nov.
14-— Th© British ship Arranmore, British
bark County of Pembroke, "th© Italian
bark San Antonio, the Norwegian bark
Two Brothers and the Norwegian bark
Wayfarer have been driven ashore and
wrecked in a gale at Algoa Bay. The
Russian bark Lit to was dismasted at the
same time.
Ship and Four Barks
Lost During 1 Storm
in Algoa Bay.
SEATTLE, Wash. 4 Nov. 14.— Mary and
Minnie Heberhqrn will be examined Mon
day as to their sanity. Each thinks the
other insane. vWeeping and laughing In
turn they went to court to-day and the
officials could not decide which was men
tally unbalanced, although Mary
mad© the first charge, claiming that
Minnie was insane. Minnie says *Mary
was recently in ,an Insane . asylum. The
sisters are orphans in poor circumstances.
tho Authorities in
Seattle.
Queer Case of Two Orphans Puzzles
SISTERS ACCUSE EACH
OTHER OF INSANITY
REDDING, Nov. 14.— Elgin Camp, a
well-known young man of this city, met
with a peculiar and painful accident Sat
urday morning. Camp had taken his
shotgun and gone out for a hunt. He
was about three miles from town, and
after shooting several times a wad in
some unaccountable manner became
lodged In the gun barrel and all of Camp's
efforts failed to dislodge it. He decided
to shoot it out and proceeded to do so.
As the hammer struck the cap there was
a terriffc explosion. The gun was shat
tered and Camp knocked to the ground.
When he recovered he was sickened to
see the condition of his left hand. The
flesh and fingernails had been stripped
from the fingers of the left hand and
hung in shreds like tissue. Tho hand
may have to bo amputated as the result
of the accident. The bones are shattered
and leaves the hand a pulpy mass.
Bedding Man Is Badly Injured Try
ing to Dislodge a Wad in
His Shotgun.'
GUN EXPLOSION MAY
CAUSE LOSS OE HAND
GALE WRECKS
FIVE VESSELS
The police at once started in to round
up the villainous band. They captured
Burton, McCarthy and Quinn near the
scene of the fight, but the. remaining four
are still at large. The officers are on their
trail and hope- to apprehend them before
many hours. The three men captured
were locked up at th© Southern police
station.
When the murderous hoodlums per
ceived that their victim was seriously In
jured, every one of them made his escape
in a hurry. A passerby heard the groans
of tho suffering man and notified the po
lice at th© . Harbor Station. Kuger was
removed to the Harbor Hospital and later
to St. Mary's. The attending physicians
say there is but slight hope for his recov
ery, as all the wounds are deep ones and
the unfortunate man is very weak from
the loss of blood.
At last Kuger interfered and told them
to be quiet or he would put them out. In
an Instant a general fight ensued, j With a
volley of oaths and vile epithets the
crowd attacked the grocer, and during
the cowardly one-sided fight that ensued
he was stabbed four times, twice in the
breast, once in the abdomen and once in
the thigh. .: •
When assistance reached the unfortu
nate grocer his life's blood was fast flow
ing away, yet he retained consciousness
long enough- to tell how the fatal affair
occurred. Between gasps the injured man
said that the crowd entered his place at
12:30. The men were drunk and they be
came abusive and Insulting and began to
break the furniture in the place.
Martin Kuger,' proprietor of a grocery
and barroom at 600 Se.cond street, lies at
the point of ! death in a ward at St.
Mary's Hospital as the outcome of a
free-for-all fight started in 'his place by
a crowd of seven hoodlums. Kueer was
stabbed four times. R. T. Burton, John
Qulnn and John McCarthy were arrested
soon after the fray and locked up In the
Southern Station. The other four made
their escape. , r
Telegraphic communication with the In
terior of Santo Domingo was re-estab
lished yesterday morning, but is now
again interrupted, and it is reported that
sever© fighting has occurred before San
Domingo.
The recent arrests of officials and heads
of tho National Bank of Port au Prince
on the charge of having been connected
with the fraudulent issue of bonds early
in tho year have caused a great sensa
tion here.
CAPE HATTIEN. Hayti, Nov. 14.— The
French steamship St. Simon, with Gen
eral JlminesS, head of th© Dominican revo
lution, on board, has left Port au Prince,
Hayti, -with the intention, according to
report, of forcing, the blockade of Puerto (
Plata, on the northern coast of Santo
Domingo. The Haytien authorities for
mally opposed the landing. in Hayti of
General Jiminez in spite of his strong In
sistence of being permitted to do so.
It is said that if the St Simon 13 In
terfered with she will ask for the assist
ance of th© German cruiser Gazelle or
any other foreicn warship which may b©
In Dominican waters.
Martin Kuger* Dying in Hos
pital and Three Sus
pects in Prison.
Hayti Refuses to Permit the
Revolutionary Leader
to Land.
Gang of .'Hoodlums Re
sent Attempt to
Eject Them.
Will Attempt to Run
Blockade on. Domin
ican Coast.
FRENCH VESSEL
CARRIES JIMINEZ
FATALLY STAB
SALOON-KEEPER
But ther© ar© more than physical ob
stacles In the way of the approach of an
army upon Panama. The officials do not
care to express publicly their plans, but
It is assumed here that the "army"
said to be marching en Panama was
nothing more than the few men — perhaps
BOO all told— who were about to embark
at Buena Ventura a few days ago, when
they wore turned back from the isthmus
by notice of the determination of the
United States naval commanders to al
low no landings in that quarter. These
troops cannot reach th© isthmus by water
and th© officials her© are positive that
they cannot do so by land. The charac
ter of the country is such that there is
.no subsistence for an army on the route
of the wild mountain trails and the pas
sages through the morasses that He be
tween Colombia proper and the isthmus.
Even if there were subsistence, the trails
are bo rough that it would require many
weeks, or even months, for even a small
army to make th© Journey.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 14.— The State
Department has no knowledge of the
march of any army from Colombia upon
the isthmus and the offlciale say that were
any such movement made they certainly
would be informed by their agents In
the south, the cables being Etill open.
These officials Bcout the Idea that any
¦uch march is in progress as the Presi
dent of Colombia Is reported to have de
scribed to the President of Ecuador.
MAEROQUIN IS "BLUFFING."
Colombian Army Is Not Marching
Toward the Isthmus.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 14.— President
Roosevelt embraced the opportunity af
forded by the call upon him of a large
representation of both the Senate and
House to-day to discuss with members of
both the majority and the minority the
situation which has arisen out of the es
tablishment of the Republic of Panama.
The nature of the action, if any, to be
taken by Congress during the approach
ing session on th© Panama Canal situa
tion has' not been determined definitely,
but it is known that it Is constantly the
subject of conferences between the pres
ident and members of- Congress.
. A difference of opinion has been devel
oped regarding th© authority conferred
by the Spooner act upon the President.
It is known that the administration
bolds that the Spooner act supplies am-
Statesmen of Both Parties.
President Confers With Leading
Rear Admiral Coghlan, commanding the
Caribbean squadron; Rear Admiral Walk
er, president of the Isthmian Canal Com
mission, and Consul General Gudger.
who, it is expected, will be given diplo
matic lowers at Colon, are passengers on
tbe Mayflower. That vessel is expected
to reach her destination to-morrow or
Monday. It is expected that th© cruiser
Baltimore, now In Dominican waters, and
the training-ship Prairie, conveying ma
rines to Guantanamo, will be added to the
fleet on the east coast of the* isthmus.
PANAMA PROBLEM DEBATED.
But it is known that such were the
plans of the naval commanders, and *3
there is no indication of a change '.n
tho»o plans not the slightest apprehension
Is felt here of the • encroachment of any
Colombian army upon Panama.
A brief dispatch from Rear Admiral
Glass announced the arrival at Panama
yesterday of the monitor Wyoming.
There are now seven vessels guarding tne
ir.terests of the United States on th© isth
mus. Of these four are on the Pacific
side— the cruisers Boston and Marbte
head, the gunboat Concord and the mon
itor Wyoming. So far as known no other
naval vessels, . except, possibly, ! colliers
and supply boats, will bo sent to tn«
west side of the isthmus for the prejent.
On the AUantlc side ar the- cruiaer At
lanta, the gunboat Nashville and tho
training-ship Dixie. This fleet will b© re
inforced in a day or two by the battleship
Maine and th© President's yacht May
flower. tfi\;*i?-:i
enough has been gleaned from th© in
structions given to our naval commanders
to make ft evident that never again will
the isthmus become the seat of warfare
so long as the United States Government
can prevent it. The difference between
the situation and that which existed last
year, when Commander McLean prevent
ed the troops crossing the Isthmus by
rail, is Just this: The authorities have
now determined to extend the lines of
protection to the railroad. They will not
allow hostile forces, no matter whether
they are Colombian or Panama troops, to
come into collision anywhere near the
railroad, and to prevent such collisions it
will be necessary to extend the neutral
zone clear to the northern and Southern
boundaries of the republic of Panama.
Officials here will not make snch a
statement publicly; they simply say:
"Walt until the emergency arises." i
all possible means within her power. She will not spare the
country's plentiful resources nor the blood of her patriotic sons
in regaining that which is temporarily lost."
Beyond the warlike and patriotic feeling the capital is com
paratively quiet.
Continued From Page 17, Cols. 5 & Q.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1903.
18
Colombia Calls Upon Republics
of South America for Support
DR. KILMER'S SWAHP-ROOT.
Women as Well as Men* Have Kidney Trouble and Never Suspect It.
WOMEN suffer untold misery because the nature of their disease is not always correctly understood; in many cases
v.hcn doctoring they are led to believe that womb trouble or female weakness of some sort is responsible for their ills,
when in fact disordered kidneys are the chief cause of their distressine troubles. Perhaps you suffer almost con-
tinually with pain in the back, bearing down feelings, headache and utter exhaustion. •
IninuiT vumif 1 tun tfinurwrnniiPi r I YOUR poor health makes you nervous, irritable and at times despondent;
UluN # l kHUW I HAD MUntY TROUBLE but thousands of just such suffering or broken-down women are beinar re-
¦ • \ stored to health and strength every day by the use of that wonderful discovery.
J has triea mo many remedies without their Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the -jrreat Jcidney, liver and bladder remedy.
l-av:nr benefited me that I was about diacour- j ¦— — — — — —^— ¦ »— «————» ••/>_ . , o t> v •- —
I m niv 111 111 cm cunin ucn tu I NO* only does Swamp-Root bring
S^0±~ .^w ' I 'D'D^' I AM IN SFLbNDIU HcALTH | new Hf e an d activity to the kidneys, the
//s ' '3^SS. „ cause of the trouble, but bv treating
/S , — , - " v\. About 18 months ago I had & very severe at- •, , . . . , ;
fs'\' ¦ *iffl?^gflg^.' y ' J '-r>\ t8Ck of 8Tl;> - x was extremely eick for three the kidneys it acts as a general tonic
//^^^^^^^^^\ W ' tk *' "* Wkfn ' flna " yWa " iblS " and food for the entire constitution.
m^^^^^^M /^^^^fe\'-' [SWAMP-ROOT A ELESSiNG TO WOMEN I
M^&^^Sw^^^Si^^^^^A //M^£^^^^^^^^^t\ My kidney, and bladder gave me great trou-
l|p#|^^ Iff, b!e for over two mon t h s and I Buffered' untold
I was out '«f health arfd 'run dwn generally; V^^"\ WC UN WHFFl'F'Rl'JT) X^I^^^S^^^Sl^^^MW^ I
had r.o appetite, was dizzy and suffered with \j*J^ » "'"•"' MfCt-l-lzn. f^Jf \\^MK^ffiwr^*^^^^wiSr/
'' .¦ kiancyi \\>—f the '-.-iUKe of my trouble tiut '' fV( -' J was ' eft Tr ' t *> excruc!at!nff r>a!ns Jn my \ Vri^^^^^^t^^/'^^^ilK' /
'::•'¦ w felt !>:• y might b?. and I bepan tak- back, which convinced me that I had a severe \ vwsSkV@iSfe^^«I t irKi*y/
i:r Rnamp-noot, n.- above stated. There is kidney trouble. My physical condition was \\\Vi\\\^a?Sii/' "'tkhLjEkS^ /
Fuoh ¦¦< nleasant t.ihi.> to SwamD-lioot and U ! ' Uth ll ' at ' had n ° strength and was all run VvVW^M^\^WfTSt^Vx
(tots right to \\." >\,z: an! drives disease out of lj uv:i - My sister, Mrs. C. K. LHtlenVld, of Lynn i vv p 'x
the^yFtpm. It ha» cured me and I cheerfully adv ' !e <l rne to Klve Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root a
recommend It to all sufferers Gratefullv yours. trlaI - I procured a bottle and Inside of three _V-^Ci ,^^*-^ '• -*•*¦ -\^^ ~l^Li~»
MRS. A. L WA.LKER days commenced to gret relief. I followed up MRS. E. AUSTIN. 1 31/
46 We*t Linden st Atlanta. G a that bott!e wlth an°th«r and at the completion \\J\ '<JI \
_J of this one I found I was completely cured. '
THE n:i!d and extraordinary' effect of %£^£^^3*&i£££?£ m ' 8 c 7' 1 d bee "- .T 6 ?' "TS!? Z*^
l''p wnrW famnnc l-^ a \, jj on m ? feet » ereat deal of the time, and have much ™ a down - 1 had ***** <"«culty In re-
i..t uuuu-iaiiious Kicney ana bladder to use much enenry in getting around. My talnlng my urine, and was obliged to pass wa-
remedy, Swamp-Root is *oon realized cure ** therefore a!| the more remarkable and ter very often night and day. After I had used
h stands the highest 'for its wonderful I^V^kel 8^ iZS? O TZ
ct:res of the most distressme cases. A : 29 Pro S pect *t. Lynn. Mm Mfl 1 immediately bought of my druggist two
trial will convince any one— and vou mav have a sample bottle sent free bv mail IarE * bottles and continued taking it regularly.
In takinz Dr Ki'mpr"<; Sirami. Rn'nt ««« ,ff«,!i „ V 1 1. i -^ xT I am pleased to say that Swamp-Root cured m«
UU w\cr been discovered. Dont make any mistake, but remember the name. Root has proved a blessing to me. OratettUy
bv.amp-Koot, Dr. Kilmers Swwnp-Root, and the address, Binghamton N Y yours,- >
on everv bottle. * '' MRS. E. AUSTIN, -.
19 Katsau et.. Erocklyn, N. Y..
To Prove What SWAMP-ROOT, the Great Kidney, Liver and Bladder Remedy, Will do for YOU,
Every Reader of The Call May Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Ktotr & Co Bmsamton N Y be sure to say that you read this Renerou offer ii tfeesS FrancJsco iSndav C,)l
Z$S C^1,^"e^e f ;. W " at y °° "^ "" "° T""' "" reg "'" **%*P.«* |
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
The expression occurs so many times in
letters from sick women to Dr. Pierce; <*I
was completely discouraged." And there
is always good reason for the discourage-^
• ment. Years of suffering. Doctor after
doctor tried in vain. Medicines doing
||I§|iPPq||j|gl It is no wonder
f^||y<csf^K«6l that the woman
iB^2l ? lIlI feels discouraged.
iiLiJs^i&Jlll Thousands of
$Pv thcse wcak and
'li&t&BL raK&iRHJ s * ck wo::lc a have
-%l fouml health and '
llm\\ V Hsl tiy* use °* Doctor
¦/ /ISjI V ' V-lfif Puree's Favorite
/ 'Ml f l£S Prescription. i t
r-J& *^L^ / Xvm establishes regu-
Iw laritV) drics un "
V^jfsfllilk ira iea^ t^ i y d r ai n s,
heals inflamma-
> \^8^ > >v*'^ M on and u l cerea -
\>sx^ tion, and cures
female -weakness.
It niakos vreak
'^Ss. iEa I ttos taken eick."
• JO» H writes Mrs. Edna
\\ H Crowder, of Rlplcy,
B LauderdaleCa.Tenn.
, v \ - '.- V h p My. limbs ached,
N 1 had severe pains in
i I bact and lower part
• I of bowels, -with Ail'
m i^»^^_^^B(^^^^___J ficnlty ia prination,
burning pain after. I tried many kinds of |
medicine and four of the best doctors in the
country, until I gave np all hope of recovery.
Iu January, igoi, 1 wrote to Dr. R. V. Pierce, of
Buffalo,' N. V.. and received from him a Utter,
telling me to try.hi£ medicines. I. took eleven
bottle*, six of .'Favorite Prescription,' fire of
•Golden Medical c Discovery," one vial of Tel- I
lets,' and used one box of ' Lotion Tablets ' and
one of 'Healing Suppositories,' and am now
able to work at anything I want to. Thanks to
you for your valuable medicine and kind advice."
.Weak and sick women are , invited to
consult Dr.- R. V. Pierce, by letter, free.
Al^< correspondence- is held ; ; as
private and sacredly confidential. Ad-
dress Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
\DB. SHOOP'S BEMEDIE3. ~~~~
39 outof 40 Get WeH
Who Take Dr\ Shoop's Restorative
A Montlrat My Risk.
- A
And that is Just what I «Ive. \
Not a penny expense to you if myvRestoratlve falls.
With me, It Is Blmpiy, how c*n I get the sick to use Dr.
Shoop's Restorative that they may find out for themselves— with-
out risk— what my prescription canio?
If the sick all knew what I know tt this remedy, then no offer
like this need be made. But some do not. Some may never have
even heard of Dr. Shoop's Restorative. And It Is to Just such that
I make this appeal.
I am enthusiastic. My enthusiasm is due to knowledge — to ac-
tual experience obtained in hospitals and at bedsides with this
prescription. I must reach those not well. I must bring to them
the help they desire, that they, in turn, may" make known to
other sufferers what Dr. Shoop's Restorative has done for them.
And to do this quickly and without delay, I give to everybody—
everywhere— an opportunity to use my remedy a full month on trial.
My past records show that I have failed In only one case out of
each 40 where this month test was made. Just think of that. 29
paid gladly, and. the fortieth had no expense. That Is a record I
am proud of.
Those who know about my Restorative — who have used It— care
nothing about my "month's te3t." They keep it in the home con-
Etantly, as a safeguard. When an off day comes a few doses
set things right again. To them It is an Insurance again3t serious
.attacks— against continued illness. < ,^>
How to Secure Trial Treatment.
Write me and*slmply ask for the book you need. A postal will
do, or sign the coupon. Then I will arrange with a druggist near
you, so that you can secure six bottle3 of Dr. Shoop's Restorative
to make the test. Send me no money. You deal with your drug-
.gist, remember. Use the Restorative a full month— then decide. If
U succeeds the cost to you Is $5.50; .if it fails I will have th«
druggist bill the cost to me. Could anything be more fair?
To delay means to forget. Write now, while you have it la
mind. This la Important.
— —DR. EHOOP-S RESTORATIVE. v • • ¦
At the Doctor's Risk
Dr. ShooD, Sax »€30. Book 1 on DyBpepita
Racine, Wisconsin. Book 2 on the Heart
Bend me book No. i»ook 3 on the Kidneys
and tell me where I can ¦«- Rook 4 for Women
cure «tx bottles Dr. Shoop's Book 5 for Men (sealed)
Restorative on SO days' trial. Book 6 on Rheumatism
.
Nam
City state
Street
"Writ* plainly.
ADVZBTISEMENTS.
helps all
Dr. Humphreys' "Seventy-seven" help*
all kinds of Colda, Grip, Cougrhs, Catarrh,
Influenza, Pains and Soreness In Chest,
Hoarseness and Sore Throat "71" breaks
up Colds that "hang on."
HELPS TO "SEVENTT-SEVEN."
No. 3 for Infants* Diseases.'
" 8 " Neuralgia.
" 10 " Dj-spepsia.
" 1* " Eczema.
" 15 " Rheumatism;
'". 16 " Malaria.
•• 27 " Tbe Kidneys.
" SO " The Bladder. •
In smalJ bottles of pleasant pellets that
fit the vest pocket. At Druggists', 23 cents.
X8" Medical Guide mailed free.
Humphreys' Med. Co., Cor. William ana John
Ctreetfi. Ntw Ycrk, ,_..
' .... ADVERTISEMENTS. : '
'_ ..... •' * - ¦ ' • ¦•¦•'/'. v - ... .... ... ....
,.,. E * ch "** °] thf abow three lines ol firures spell* the naine of a great city In the United State* R
This ia _ a brand new puiile and can be solved •with a Uttle study, a* follows: There are twenty-six K
leturi m the alphabet, suid we have used figures in spelling the cities Instead of letters. - Letter A is H
number r, B number », C number 3, etc.; throughout the entire alDhahv* TWVrtTT Cl A Ttf srPlCT.T* SI
OUT THESE THREE CITIES YoO MAT SHABfc rWTHB^ISTBIBUTION I
OF Wl.OOO WHICH 'WK ABE GIVING AAVAY for doiniT Utt£ VoTl? foFuV This 1
you can do in les« than one hoar of your time. This and other most liberal offers are made to introduce I
T^rt vrt-iT^a I^Si, in 5?JP t i!.5I'£r v home in the United States and Canada. "WE H
DO NOT WANT ONE CENT OP YOUR MONEY. When you have made out the!
name* of these £ n ' eo O"ei w» «liem Plamjy on a postal card and send it to cs, and you will hear i
from » Pn^PfeBY^RETirRN MA1X. It may. take an entire evenavr to wl4 the three D
name., bot STICK TO IT AND TRY TO GCTJOUK SHAREOF THE 81,000. 8
A copy of this h I? h-cUs. MONTHXY MAOAZlMwiLLBE SENT FKEE'to eVery- I
notde '»V- S "«J y«»r answer inimmediately. r-'Addreis |
ROBINSON PPBI.ISHING CO., 24 North, William Street, New York Cltr. I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Get Rid
of Scrofula
Bunches, eruptions. Inflammations, sore-
ness of tbe eyelids and ears, diseases of tho
bones, rickets, dyspepsia, catarrh, wasting,
are only seme of tne troubles It caases.
It Is a very active evil, making fc*v°c of
tha whole system. . . v # '¦"¦.
Hood'sSarsaparilla
Eradicates It, cures all Its manifestations,
and bnild3 np the whole system. .. . >
Accept no substitute. -¦ ¦
BEERS \
The Highest Priced but ' |
the Best Quality, * |
. '¦aOLDEVEB.YWHEIlf. |
HILBERT MERCANTILE CO.. ¦
Pacific OoaJt Arenu. B
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Can«»»
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful r<trularity. .
Vtr tr.* cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
IJv?r Fowcis. Kidneys. Blad'ter. Female Irw
r»su!arltie». »lek Headach*. BiUmianes». Con-
stipation. Piles an<t all derangements of th»
Internal Viscera. 25c a box. At drugy'sta or
by mall. KADWAY ft CO., New York.
+ ¦'>•¦> _ ¦ . .— -¦. Papa— Bettei* make him promise [to give
you : every i dollar 'he T gets. • He has a po
litical job, you know.— Puck.
Ethel-^He has promised to gjve'me every
dollar he earns.l&^flfijBfll . , .
Quite a Difference.
An amusing new anecdote which Bishop
Potter tells on himself -follows: /'When
one has lived for year's in» America with
out ¦ any special title : in ordinary conver
sation,',' says the Bishopj ''it is mot; easy
to become accustomed'.to being hailed 'as
'my, lord' whenever any service ¦ is -. ren
dered.:'During my.t various 'trips to'Eu
ropo I found It Impossible to go anywhere
or do" • anything, without being ? 'lorded'
right and left. At 'last;' I was. in a fair
way"- of becoming •spoiled," when a 'little
occurrence mercifully delivered me. ,1 had
reached home from*. a ; run. abroad,, and
while, descending . the. gangplank met a
friend,; an; old .vestryman of mine. He was
hurrying. on board to! receive his wife and
daughters. Pausing midway up the plank,
he grasped my hand and shouted: '
",'Why; hello/ Blsh! How, are you?' "~
Harper's.Weekly.; . , .. :- . . \ .
How the Bishop Was ..Cured.
A False Friend.
The ward heeler was plainly disgruntled.
"But I thought the boss A was a friend of
yours," suggested his companion.
"So did I."
"He promised to see that you got some
thing for ,your work in the . campaign,
didn't he?" *
"Sure he did."
"And he didn't give it to you?" .
"Oh, he.' gave me something, all right
enough, .but , he played me a low: down
trick."
"Lots' of honor and no salary ln the
job?" . * .
"No; it's a salary job." .
"But the \ salary isn't big enough to
count, I suppose."
"Oh,. It's a fair, salary, very fair— If it
wasn't for one thing."
"What's that?" ; ' ¦.
"Why, the low down, mean cuss got me
a Job where I've got to work for the sal
ary. I wonder what he thinks I'm ln poli
tics for:"— Brooklyn Eagle.-tjSMfl|
Newspapers in Schools.
The use of a dally newspaper as a text
book In the public schools, which Is being
tried in a Western town. Is not altogether
a new experiment, nor has it heretofore
been altogether successful. The fact Is,
real Interest ;ln the -important questions
and news of the day comes pretty late In
the Individual's development,, and among
cruder people ' comes almost never, as
witness. the immense popularity of almost
anything, else, including "human inter
est," editorial discussions in yellow, news
papers—Interminable drooling* apropos
of nothing that Is happening, but only of
the age-long themes of personal ethics-
Boston Transcript.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 14.— It is stated
officially here in relation to the story by
an Odessa. (Russia) newspaper that. the
United States contemplated a military oc
cupation, of. Moukden that at no stage In
the 'Chinese negotiations has the State
Department contemplated a recourse to
the military by the United States.
The Chrlstianborg.' Palace, which is to
be rebuilt at Copenhagen,, has stood for
twenty years, a huge gutted pile '-. with
gaping windows. Before its destruction
by fire it was a treasury of art where
the Danish kings had made valuable col
lections. There were five galleries of
paintings, a natural history museum oc
cupying twelve saloons and a library, of
some 400,000 books, while under the aus
pices of King Frederick .VII, the prede
cessor of his present. majesty, the sculp
tures and casts of Thorwaldsen were col
lected in a museum built adjacent to the
palace. Happily this' museum escaped the
fire which destroyed the palace, as did
the greater portion -of the library. The
books are now housed In an- old building
close to. the palace, ._ which. forms a state
library, open to the public and answer
ing the purposes of our, own. British, Mu
seum. It was in the chapel royal • at
tached to the Christianborg ;Palace that
Queen Alexandra was confirmed and ln
the palace shemade herdebut-in court
life in tho old King Frederick's time.—
London Chronicle.
Treasure House to Be Res'tored.
Tuttle has always been a stanch Re
publican, but has never been prominent
in the party ranks. The office of Judge
comes to ' him unsolicited. . He has been
enjoying .one of the largest and most
lucrative law practices in Santa Clara
County.
The disoatch received by Tuttle from
Governor Pardee states that his commis
sion has been mailed to him and for him
to qualify for the office at once. He will
probably assume the office on Monday.
Judge S. F. Lelb, who " has just re
signed, has only held the position : since
last January. He was appointed to fill
the vacancy created by the appointment
of Judge Lorigan to the Supreme Court.
Leib will.-resume his law practice.
The appointment of Tuttle meets with
the approbation of the entire city and
county. The new. Judge- is- a native of
Iowa and. 47 years of age. .He has been
a resident of California since his boyhood.
Tuttle has been a practicing attorney for
twenty-three years. Heis a graduate of
the Hastings Law School of San Fran
cisco. For fifteen years he has been one
of the leading attorneys of; this city. Be
fore coming here lie practiced law in San
Francisco and Salinas, and in 1SS7-SS he
was District Attorney ' of Monterey
County.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 14.— Hiram D. Tuttle,
one of the most prominent attorneys of
this city, 7 was '.notified to-day by Governor
Pardee that .he had been appointed a
Judge of the Superior Court in this coun
ty. He will succeed S. F. Leib, who ten
dered his resignation to the Governor
three days ago.
Special . Dispatch to Th» Call.
NEW YORK, Nov. 14.— Trading in to
day's stock market was listless and nar
row. " Operations were on too small a
scale to offer anything of a representative
charaqter. There were a few points of
strength, including Chicago and Alton, on
a revival- of rumors of its possible ab
sorption as the connecting link in the
larger system. The market as a whole
failed ' to show any continuation of yes
terday's-movement to cover shorts, and
prices ,drif ted rather aimlessly. The bank
statement proved decidedly more favor
able than the forecast had indicated, but
nevertheless its publication was followed
by a bri3k. selling movement, which cen
tered on Pennsylvania, costing that
stock the . greater part of yesterday's
gain. Reading and Amalgamated Copper
also lost more than a point, and the whole
list receded to below last night. The de
cline in the cash reserves of the banks
proved to be only $2,913,20<). Yesterday's
estimates indicated an outgo for the week
of $4,000,000, without allowance for yester
day's arrival of, foreign gold, to the
amount of nearly. $1,000,000. The deposit
liabilities of the banks have been reduced
by $14,629,600, principally through the loan
contraction of $10,240,500.
Bonds— United States 2's declined %. and
the old 3's and old 4's V*. per cent below
the closing bid of last week.
Governor* Names Hiram
Tuttle to Succeed
S P.Leib.
Rumor pauses a Brisk
Movement in Chicago
\ and Alton.
APPOINTS JUDGE
FOR SANTA CLARA
LITTLE LIFE IN
STOCK TRADE
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 14.— The jury in , the
triple naturalization fraud case, in which
Thomas E.' Barrett, former marshal of the
St. Louis Court of Appeals; John P. Do
lan and Policeman Frank Garrett are de
fendants, returned a verdict of guilty this
afternoon in the " United States District
Court. Judge. Adams announced that he
would pass sentence next Monday.
Barrett, Dolan and Garrett were tried
on indictments containing nine counts
each charging -them with having fraudu
lent naturalization papers in their posses
sion. The penalty provided for the of
fense aggregates from five to ten years in
the penitentiary for each offender, in ad
dition to a fine limited to J5000.
Four other, convictions for the same of
fense have been secured already in Judge
Adams' court, and the offenders are now
serving terms in the penitentiary.
Three Men Convicted in "Naturaliza
tion Fraud Cases.
"GUILTY" IS JURY'S VERDICT.
JEFFERSON. CITY. Mo.. Nov. 14.— The
Cole County Grand Jury, which has been
j investigating legislative boodle, made its
final report, to-day, returning 106 indict
ments, but It. is not'made known as to
the number that are for boodling. It Is
said, however, that four indictments are
returned against Prosecuting Attorney
R. P. Stone on -the- allegations • that he
accepted .a railroad, pass, accepted a
brlbe'for dismissing prosecutions and ac
cepted illegal .
Circuit Judge ' Hazell suspended Attor
ney Stone and appointed a special prose
cutor until December 3. when the case
will' be heard. . " | ,'¦,..•
"Are you the Mr. Nuritch who had a
short article in that magazine last
month?" asked the casual acquaintance.
"Yes," replied Mr. Nuritch, "but. of
course, you will understand that I don't
make a business of that sort of thing."
"Oh, I can understand that. I read the
article."— Philadelphia Press.
Easily Understood.
¦ A South Carolina jury has decided that
one's political opponent must wear, his
thumb well out of his overcoat pocket or
die.
Missouri Grand Jury on
the Trail of Many
. Boodlers.
Good roads are the best way out of the
mud. .
Street Cars Collide.
Eastbound car Li of the Sutter-street
line and northbound car (OS of the Pow
ell-street line collided at Sutter and Pow-
H! streets shortly before 9 o'clock yes
terday morning. The Powcil-street car
tv;is knocked off the track and the steps
elishtly damnged. The Powell-street car
man blame the others for the roilision,
claii-iiripr the pripman did not drop his
caMo h* for** reaching the crossing. No
one was Injured.
Fine birds soar high. Sometimes the
insignificant ones gather the lruit that
hangs ln the obscure places.
'They say that Broek, a little town in
Holland, is the cleanest town in the
world," said the New York girl. "Do you
suppose that's true?" ... ¦
"I know it's true, from personal experi
ence." answered the Chicago girl. "Some
girl friends of mine In Chicago and T were
there not long ago. and they wouldn't let
us go^nto any of the houses without tak
ing off our shoes."
"Yes, I suppose the houses there are
.rather small," mused the girl from New
•York. — New York Times. ;? ". ; ":';":'
And Now They Don't Speak.
The danger in the use of celuloid arti
cles is greatly, increased. The original
patent having expired, a vast number of
imitation processes have sprung up, and
the public are flooded with combs made
from guncotton compounds by methods
which render them more dangerous than
those prepared under the original patent.
That sqme restriction should be placed
on its indiscriminate use was proved by
the recent case of a girl, 20 years of age,
who was suffering from cullulltis of the
scalp, accompanied by a marked degree
of nervous shock. It appeared that her
head had been set on fire by the sudden
combustion of a comb which she wore in
her hair. Cooking her father's dinner
one Sunday, she happened to bend down
before the fire, when the comb suddenly
ignited and she became enveloped in
flames. Her life was only spared through
the presence of mind of her father, who
immediately enveloped her with the
hearth rug and so extinguished the con
flagration.—New Orleans Times-Demo
crat.
Danger in Celluloid.
Dr. T. Towy of Mexico is at the Occl
dental
Dr. Hudson Smythe of Tesla is at the
Occidental.
Dr. J. Goodwin Thompson of Oakdale
I" at the Lick.
L. A. Blasingame. a stockman of Fres
i, is at the Grand.
Fl- N. Burgess, a merchant of Concord,
at the Occidental,
fl. C. Sargent, a capitalist of Monterey,
at the Occidental.
Dr. and Mrs. Elmer Stone of Napa are
lesta at the Palace.
Douglas S. Cone, a fruit grower of Red
luff, is at the Palace.
R. M. Cros?. an oil man of Coalinga, is
tristered at the Grand.
Jleo Lloyd, a capitalist of Santa Bar
ra. is at the Occidental.
Dr. and Mrs. W. T. Burks of Fresno
_.e registered at the Lick.
United States Marshal H. Z. O.»borne of
Lts Angeles Is at the Palace.
Dr. W. R. T. McLean and wife of Los
Angeles are registered at the Palace.
Father Parrlsh and the Rev. W.
F. Venables. both of the Church of
the Advrnt, leave to-morrow evening for
Portland, Or., where they are to hold
a ten days' mission In St. Mark's Church
of that city, beginning Friday, the 20th
inst. As a miFsionary Father Parrish has
had a large ar.d successful experience.
Grrat preparations ere being made in the
northern city for the reception of the
distinguished clergy from Advent Church.
PERSONAL MENTION.
George Owings was so .weakened from
the loss of blood from the gash cut in his
head and is in such a terrible condition
that he may not recover. . The brothers
have not been placed under arrest, owing
to their condition. ,';.
Lewis Owings was hit and dropped out
of the fight while George Owirjgs and
Johnson, both of whom had used up all
of their ammunition, engaged in a hand
to-hand conflict. Although Johnson suc
ceeded in dealirfg Owings a terrible blow
on the head with a branding iron, the
latter overpowered and tied up his op
ponent. He assisted his brother to a
horse and. mounting his own animal, the
two men rode into Willcox, arriving there
in an exhausted condition.
A sixshooter proved too great a tempta
tion in the hands of the old gunmen after
fiv e years' restraint, and they made free
use of their guns in their first fight since
leaving the prison, which occurred
Thursday at the Sulphur Springs ranch.
The Owings boys, after leaving Yuma.
went straight to the ranch of David
Johnson at Sulphur Springs, near Will
cox. Johnson, who had befriended the
two men in the past, employed them as
cowboys on the ranch and everything
went well until Thursday, when he un
earthed a plot which had been fixed up
by the brothers to make way with a
bunch of Johnson's best horses and ride
with them across the Mexican line.
The trouble occurred when Johnson and
several of the other men upon the place
confronted the two Owings with evi
dence of the plot they had discovered. A
few hot words were exchanged, when
both of the Owings drew their guns and
began shootinc. Jchnson and his men
took refuge behind several outbuildings
and Johnson himself, who was the only
one of the party armed, replied to the
fire, while the others fled to shelter.
WILLCOX, Ariz., Nov. 14.— Lewis and
George Owings, who were released from
the Arirona Penitentiary at Tuma three
weeks ago, after completing a term of
five years for the part they played In the
celebrated Southern Pacific train robbe
ries at Cochise and Fairbanks, are again
in trouble.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Generous Employer of Former Train
Bobbers Discovers a Conspiracy'
and Has a Hand-to-Hand
Fight With One.
The soldiers killed in the flght^were
Sergeant J. G. Stephens of Omaha- and
Privates Frank Bowser of Marion, Ohio,
and Elmer H. Burk of Kansas City.-
Private Fernando Kerthley of Verona,
Missouri, was wounded. General Wood,
who left for Jolo November 9, took a
number of troops from Lanao with him,
leaving Captain Henry A. Barber of the
Twenty-eighth Infantry in command.
Cable communication with Jolo Is inter
rupted.
MANILA, Nov. 15. — Since the depar
ture of Major General Wood for Jolo the
Moros in the neighborhood of Lake La
nao have become very menacing. At 1
o'clock Saturday morning the guard over
a boat near Marabui was attacked. Three
members of the Twenty-eighth Infantry
were killed and one was wounded. The
Moros were beaten off.
Ex-Convict3 Who Plotted to
Steal Horses Come
to Grief.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 14.-After A\f
cu>«iitg the Cuban reciprocity meaEyre
fr>! tine" liours in caucus to-night, the
1 •. m< crafic members of the House ag/e«d
to a resolution, by a vote of 95 t«r 15.
pledging themselves to support the bill
after efforts have been made to secure
Its ajnor.dmcnt by abolishing the/differ
ential on refined sugar and eliminating
th« five-year clause in th© treaty,
The opposition to this action cetoe from
thp tnprr.bere from. Louisiana, Texas and
<'alifornia. Three Democratic members
from the latter State said they could not
vote for the measure under uny drcum-
FtRr.ces. but It Is understood, although
rot officially stated, that the action of
the caucus will be considered binding. .
RETURNS SCORES
OF INDICTMENTS
As it is well known that Tibbet made ¦
the statement that Hulse shot him, be- j
fore a crowd, saying: "I'm done for;
Hulse shot me," the importance of the
court's ruling is at once manifest.
Sheriff Lavin of Mojave County, Ariz.,
and Bert M. Tibbet, the slayer of Mc-
Kinney, told of the fatal battle. Deputy
Sheriff F. A. Tower, who first entered
the building after McKinney was shot,
said that he caught a glimpse of a man
ileeing through the room on the opposite
side of the building from Hulse's room.
The man wore a white hat similar to the
one Hulse had on when arrested, but the
witness caught only a momentary sight
and when he attempted to follow him he
found the door locked. There was an
exit to the street in front from the room
in which the man fled and he could easily
have escaped there, and there was no
guard there at the time. .
Tower, in company with Sheriff Kelly,
arrested Hulse and told the story of the
prisoner's sudden appearance on L street
when the officers were looking for him,
and his surrender without resistance.
Tower was still on the stand when court
adjourned. The clothes worn by Hulse at
! the time of his arrest were introduced in
evidence to-day. ''•• '
BAKERSFIELD, Nov. 14.— The most
important point yet > raised in the 'Hulse
case came up to-day when Sheriff .Kelly
was allowed to state that when Deputy
Sheriff Tibbet was born© from the yard
of. the joss house he knew that he could
not recover and told- those about him
that "he expected to die. j
When this question waa asked- by At
torney Packard th© defense immediately
objected and the jury was withdrawn.
Packard then stated that he intended to
introduce witnesses" to whom Tibbet' had
stated that Hulse was the man who shot
him and he desired now to show that
these statements were made under fear of
death. Strenuous objection was offered
by the defense, but Judge Mahon over
ruled the objection, saying: "The admls
slbillty of a dying statement is summed
up in the words 'fear of ' Impending
death.' "
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Will First Make an At
tempt to Amend the ¦
Measure.
Arizona.
Desperate Bat tie Fought
/ on a Ranch in
Witnesses at Bakersfield Tell
' of the McKinney
Tragedy.
Soldiers Surprised
by Natives at
Midnight.
An: Important Point la
Reached in the '
Hulse Trial.
GUN FIGHT
FOLLOWS AN
ACCUSATION
DEMOCRATS
TO SUPPORT
CUBAN BILL
AMERICANS
ARE SLAIN
BY MOROS
DYING TIBBET'S
WORDS IN COURT
THE SAN FEAMCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1903.
19
ADVERTISEMENTS. •
Here are four values at $4 each that will interest every
mmS^ mother.
wj&tl \ We have taken four styles of suits and put a low figure
XS -g?/ on each so that the price will come within every mother's limit.
J <-Jv First:" Two-piece suits in blue serges, blue cheviots,
j^^^^T S'4IB*9§&* fancy mixtures and Scotch woolens', ages 8 to
/''•!&??&/ Second: Three-piece suits, as pictured, single or
U''-^-'^,..':-'^^^^ jpsS/ double breasted styles, in strong blue cheviots which will
fe ¦'•'¦¦ : >^^y / ' / SS^r " Ke . exceIlent wcar for bo - vs from 8 t0 15 years. Price «$4..
Third: Swell sailor suits in golden brown, dark red,
i^$''d$^£&$# %rffi*!§ navy bIue and r °y al bIue - The suits are extremely stylish
i -4PP^' i ''-:^Syr —they cannot possibly be bought regularly for less than
: j9f^£-^^^^^^^ f ourth; Norfolk suits in swell blue serges, navy blue
cheviots, fancy mixtures and Scotch woolens. Age? 7 to
J||5f|| ¦¦; Boys' Sweaters, 75c
•^^ :^¦': V.-V: ':>;.-.• ¦¦¦¦•;;'^^H This line of hoys' sweaters would-be sold in? most
stores for one dollar. We buy direct from the mill
I anf^ or *^ iat reason we can sell the same garment
; ¦':-; -ti^^^^^M lor c - nc y comc in solid colors with just a little
I - '^^^w^^m trimming on the collar. The- shades are navy and red,
••'¦'¦ ''¦' and orange, maroon and white and Oxford and
; - \'-'4^^J I! Kwrew rc<^' c s ' zes are from 26 to 34. •<-¦;'^vi; - ¦.•..•-:.
Boys' night shirts, full and roomy, ages 8 to 15
t M$$§% yearS ' S °° d ualit >*' 50C each.
\ iVfMS Kj&$«$ - B°}' s ' corduroy sailor caps with leather tops, in all
ASWjI'^ Cloth and corduroy sailor hats with glazed leather
\ uffif&l liill am °' anters m a *l colors at 45c and 75c.
im Kf American Boys' Library
'^M tuS&rl&JbJ '¦¦ ¦¦¦ *^ n^ bo^ W^° P atrom ' z es our Juvenile department
' fr*3j ' S c^S' bIe to mcm bership in the American Boys' Li-
! #^S 8^^^^^^ < brary, which we have installed on our second floor.
: flf@l He will be given a card, entitling. him- to one book- at
Bg^d v t any time, and upon its return another book can be sc-
%8F& ¦¦'•'¦ Stitched fnm lif? lected. We mention below only a few of the many
; "Adventures of a Young Athlete," by Mathew
White Jr. "Bob Porter at - Lakeyiew Academy," by
Walter Morris. "Boy Cattle King," by Gilbert Patten. "Clif, the' Naval Cadet,", by -Ensign
Clarke Fitch. U. S. N. VEric Train Boy/' by Horatio Alger Jr. "Frank Merriwell's Chums,"
by Burt L. Standish. "From Canal Boy "to President," by.Horatio Alger Jr. ' "Gilbert, the Trap-
per/' by C. B. Ashley. • "Heir to a Million,"' by Frank H. Converse.- "Mark Dale's Stage Ven-
ture/' by Arthur M. "WinficH/ "Off for West Point,", by. Lieutenant Frederick Garrison, U.S.A."
"Sword and Pen," by Henry H. Lewis. Y.K[ (?;'^ "V- vv^i
1 • ' ¦ i .' •''¦.'.'-'¦' '¦' • ¦ : ¦; . ,
i Out -of- town orders CL.\I. \K\C\f\ X\ 8^ ilf\ customers
'. filled /or any adver- \D l\ ¥¥ \J \J \j 0^ i fl' should -write for our,
\ fixed goods. Address * '" : — — o^ V^"^ : 6 {-page illustrated catd-*
D ' pl - a J 740 Market Street. ¦¦ - V ' '"^ " ' '• ' : ' : ¦'¦¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THOllSANDS OF W(liF^ CATARRH-
Now Is the Time to Guard Against Catarrhal Diseases.
¦ : • — : — - — : 'During the month of November people
cdppiai l\'nt/FMRPI? AHl/lfF r -^ ' should especially guard against expoa-
bPttlAL WUVCIVIBCK AUVIUC. J^^ >^ ing themse^es to cold. There 13 no
if y\ better prevention in the world than the
This Time of the Year Is EspeclaHy j^^l£»^^[ *2 y -Si %£?£ JL*T£/£ Z
¦ Productive Of Catarrha! Diseases. JfJ/WM Pi|m(@£KV iS^^ sure the Eternal organs against falling
Pe-ru-na Is a Necessary fJJMMWKm&W*&/mS&"n l'iiT%\l a P re >" to the ravages of catarrh.
Safeguard. fli^^S^SlliRllR^y November is the month of first cold*
. Mil >Wj£emWwJ7&?^ ¦L.AVI Thousands of people during this month
' ilwllinil!i|!jnnHgw^PwWS®sl!i SfiSa catcn coI(l frof n which they scarcely re-
Miss E. Harris, 1<?5 Wisconsin street, «Z ;,j ! !;!ji|j l 5^^^^^JS#^0' : ( K iv3 cover at all during, tho winter.
3I W^ S 'sS women -.dB »^^ jffi a^inTcol^ Tny'^f^o £ f ?SS3
know the value of'Peruna to restore if) k Mlill 1!?^^^ I|,S against colds. Any one who has rropor
their health. When you are sick with a i|ij ji|i| H i !j| |j |jBjiW /ff«' ; ' i i'f ' i<; k I regard for health and happiness should
complication of troubles tho average I f J'i ! j|! ! l! ! !!|i I wil'l / 1 ! 1 ' ¦ '''!• ¦' i ' 1 'I I not n«"K lect the precaution which is with-
physlclan is not able to diagnose and , H j., 1 ; k, ,j ,J'l - M\, fc. 1 , , j ln such easy reach oi &u .
K!si b wrss l fe.s i » tt tSfjS?iS ¦ i s , Mr^ f J ,'^ r - u \ st Chrlstopl " r
the right medicine for a run-down con- <3K?J3«gl " > l ! I S ' Montreal - Can - write , s -
ditlon which we women are so apt to get f Jj #KSffll^ Aa \3Bl_ 'lil'iii 1 ! :• I 1 " #I caught a severe cold last summer
into. It certainly braced me up and im- - /^M jCVtsi] I sleeping inp--^ — ¦> — -~f>--^--< —^-^^5
proved my health to a great degree, and ¦ i.^i^Ss^W'xS^ \ t^Si f P 1 draughtC f><tg> *£&% k rl < a^' '•'' \
I can certainly recommend it as a very livOi' ll H whirh went) QKf^gyfHSWS^^^i \
reliable medicine for women and their |jHg^SS^ffl^^^#&\ \S I from my) \
Peruna cures catarrh in all phases and Jm^^^^^^f^^^^^ \vllll n head my > ffi'WffiHBJSRWBMl^H: (
stages. This remedy has been thorough- I V\MBw3BKttME3S^Bg& WIh" II lun ss. a n d( Sw^aT-SlSS^E^^* (
Jy tested during the past forty years. f^Tfil ,J^SP3?iSa5sfc^. kV'Vi'O ca«»ed a se ") SSS^^^SmU^^ 1 }? )
There Is no remedy that can be substi- U^^Mr^^^^^Vvn^ \ \|' H t a h 1 ° a ") WiiC^r 36 *^?^^^*'' )
Brag vyH£^ i^^^^^^^^^^SP^^ fa ordered an entire over two years I was troubled with ca-
&1n \^cr^^z ' = ==^^^^j LA change of scene tarrh of the pelvic organs. I heard of
jw|ft ' :^S^S===^^^z : ~ : '3£j and climate. As Dr. Hartman's book The Ills of Life.'
a^wJB :^^^^^^~=!^5^zk/ Wt this was an abso- I read It and wrote to tho doctor, who
. 1 iB I g^|=j^III^^gP^v . ft lute impossibility answered my letter promptly. I began
\ j y===j^ESS2§pS;':- : ; m at the time, I hod taking treatment as soon as possible.
lk I • —^^^^^^^S^-'i^^^^--^bsfc S m to try and regain Tongue cannot express how I suffered
|I . . a my health in an- with my stomach, I also was
BE y^=^^ =^^^^^^^ ::::=^^ s v^^^^^\a other way and troubled with catarrh of the head. I
if S was induced by a didn't feel like myself for a long time.
If .:^^^^^^^^^^S3KSfflBKiKa friend, who gave So l be^ an taking Peruna. I have taken
t0 tr/ Per p U .? a ' l should write Dr. Hartman. He will
4SjT^ Mitt 1 Df//SF RpRTSFJ e con{ f't' on °1 "I feel grateful for what the doctor
ff^ tmmmtB^^^^^miaa^ainam^^^m^i^^'^^^^ m y nerves when I has done for me, and would not do with-
began to use it. out Peruna. I now enjoy as good health
n««. «V «,/* IKnn,, DaoiiMfiil Wrtman PDetnroH tft Tne east noise as ever - l flnd u has '^proved my
One 01 the Many BeaUtlTUt WOmen HeStOrea TO irritated me. and health so much that I will recommend it
Wealth and M<;pfii!np<l<: Hv PP-m-na / felt that life was to any one cheerfully."— Emelie A.
Heaitn ana useiu.ness oy re ru na. ngf worthlhing> Haberkom.
During the first cold days of November | r~~-^->— —^- buf p eruna soon If you do not derive prompt and satis-
the mucous membranes are not hardened changed me into a well woman, and factory results from the use of Peruna
to the change of temperature. The row I do not know I have nerves."- wr»te at once to Dr. Hartman giving a
warm weather has necessarily softened JJJ^' Lrisel ful1 statement of y° ur casc and. he will
the mucous membranes and they do not i-outse Dertsei. pleased to give you his valuable ad-
afford the protection to the internal or- ' ~~ TlTTi 77 V1 AddrV a s.s S 'Dr. Hartman. President of
gans that they should. Hence it is that lungs, stomach and especially the pelvic The Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus,
catarrh finds easy access to the throat, organs. Ohio.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CASH OR CREDIT
CHIFFONIER
SOLID
/ > ~~J^i^\ MIRROR,
&r^r>,jr £.*';$* K3 DRAWERS
COBBLER SEAT
ROCKER
Estimates given for complete
house-furnishing.
Free. delivery within 1OO
miles.
FURNITURE CO.
338-342 POST ST.
Opposite Union Square
Why harp on Schilling's
Best moneyback, when there's
nobody wants the money?
Ask your grocer.
. ADVERTISElfENTS.
' ATrcM&of
. , ., ; MILWAUKEE.
;-A}Gobcij Hand
And a : steady pne,' for it means
¦" sweet ;words of approval. - Tha '.
-- "dispenser," .whether host 1 or
v 'dealer, is never embarrassed by .
the feeling that it- won't please.
There's QUALITY back of it—..
Quality that means "Blatz" in \
-every glass. -Uniformly- Pure
I and Mature.
:; Always the Same Good Old Blatz
¦ BUti Mtlt-Virint (Non-Intox) Toad
. :!Drugrl»U or -Direct.
Yal/ Blatz Brewing Co., Milwaakss. >
''Brannsclieipr ; & Cp.j ; te :
" 5 and 7 DRUMM ST., S«n Francisco.
';; Tel.: Main 1648. Wholesale ' Dealeri. . ;Rainfall Records
for Two Seasons
( Tli* following are the «eaaonal
rainfalls to date., as oompared
with those of the same date last
season, and rainfall ln the last
twenty-four hoars:
' I.ast24 This Z.ast
Stations — Hrs. Season. Season.
Eureka ....0.00 9.89
Bed Bluff.. .0.54 a. 94 9.15
Sacramento 0.84 1.68 3.35
San Fran... 0.68 1.67 3.38
Fresno T. 0.08 2.43
Xndepndn'oe 0.00 T. 0.39
S. Zu Obispo.0.00 0.08 3.30
XiOS Angrles.0.00 0.43 3.38
San Diesro.. 0.00 0.05 *1.37
(130th Meridian— Faciflo Time.)
Ban rrenciaco, ITov. 14, 6 p. m.
HAY WRITES TO PARDEE.
Secretary of State Calls Attention to
Legation's Complaint.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 14.-Governor
Pardee this afternoon received from Sec
retary of State jftin Hay a telegram call
ing his attention to outrages' upon Chi
nese alleged to have been committed In
the mines of Tuolumno County. The mes
sage reads as follows:
"WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 14, 1903.-
To His Excellency; George C. Pardee,
Governor of California: .... ,
"It is represented to the Chinese Lega
tion here that Chinese laborers at the
Black Oak mine, near Sonora, have been
driven from their work, and that their
lives and. safety are imperiled by the
threats and violence of a lawless rnob;
that W. G. Scott and George W. Camp
bell, owners of the Black Oak. mine, and
all Chinamen employed there and in Souls
byville, have been driven /out and that
prompt action is | absolutely - necessary.
"I have to request that you > will .cause
prompt action to be taken to Insure the
protection of these Chinese subjects . and
prevent violation of their rights. .
¦ "JOHN HAY, Secretary of State."
Governor Pardee immediately caused
copies of the message from Secretary of
State Hay to be taken and' sent to the
Sheriff and . District Attorney . of. Tuo
lumne County. It is expected that in, the
course of a few. days a report will be
received by the Governor from.those.of
ficials with respect to the situation.com
plained of by the Chinese Legation. It"
will then be determined by the; Governor
as to whether the" county officials' have
takcxf s all proper action ln the" premises.*
or if the case is one calling for, State
Interference. . ' .¦¦.-. ¦¦¦' ' ¦ '.
The acts referred to in the message of
the Secretary of State occurred on Wed
nesday .. last, when every Chinaman in
Soulsbyville was driven out; by a crowd of
200 miners, 1 who 'objected" to "the "Chinese
NAPA. Nov. 14.— E. IHanda was arrested a
day or eo a*o at Wllllts^Mendocino County,
2? , a charge of grand -larceny preferred by a St.
Helena resident. Rianda left St. Helena a
ehort time ago, taking with him horees and a
wagon upon which there was a mortgage. He
railed to get the consent of the mortgagee.
The secretary acted immediately, within
the ..limits of his powers in the matter
and telegraphed the Governor • of Cali
fornia of .the facts that , bad- been laid
before him, with a. suggestion that the
State official act.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 14. — Sir Liang
Chentung, the Chinese Minister, - has
taken proper steps to secure all possible
protection for the Chinese laborers near
Sonora t California, who have been at
tacked and driven away from the mines
by strikers. While the Minister has had
no detailed report from, the Chinese Con
sul General ln San Francisco, he has re
garded the news reports of the disorders
ln Tuolumne^as sufficiently accurate and
reliable to warrant his action. He called
upon Secretary Hay to-day and asked
that the department do "• what It could to
protect his fellow-countrymen from vio- !
lence. . . ¦ . • - •
Wall street understands that Thomas
F. Ryan, vfiio was a~ factor in the Sear
board Air Line years, ago, Is prpminent
In the more recent "developments con
nected with' the system. No confirmation
of this was obtainable at Mr. Ryan's of
fice, and the banking interests mostly
Identified., with ..the .Seaboard system
would not discuss the matter at all."
NEW YORK, Nov. 14.— It was offi
cially said to-day, that statements to the
effect that negotiations were in progress
or contemplation affecting the absolutely
Independent position of the Seaboard Air
Line 'system, or looking to the entrance
into this property of the Southern Rail
way interests or parties identified with
any other competing system, were with
out foundation. President Williams of
the' Seaboard refused to make any direct
statement regarding the reported nego
tiations for a loan. . • . .
Directors Deny That the Seaboard Air
Line Is Frustratlngr Com
* petition.
WILL 2TOT BLOCK THE
¦ SOUTHERN" RAILWAY
Minister Makes Appeal
for Men Attacked
Near Sonora.
WANTS CHINESE
MINERS GUARDED
WASHINGTON^ Nov. 14.— The defend
ants in the postal cases who requested
and were refused authority to Inspect
the official records of the Postofflce De
partment for data for their defense
have won their point and to-day be,gan
going over the records. August W.
Machen. the former general superinten
dent of the postal free delivery service,
appeared at the department to-day with
his counsel and ln the presence of Post
office Inspector' Mayer made extracts
from the papers on file bearing- on the
cases. Samuel A. and Diller B. Groff of
this city and Dr. and Mrs. George E.
Lorenz of Toledo, Ohio, codefendanta la
the cases, also were represented in the
inspection proceedings.
On the recommendation of Holmes Con
rad and | Charles . J. Bonaparte, special
Government counsel appointed to prose
cute the case* of persona against whom
Indictments have been found as a result
of the recent postoffice Investigation,
Postmaster General Payne has appointed
Assistant Secretary Keep, former Secre
tary Alles and Chief Clerk Wallace Hills
as a committee to Investigate and report
upon a method, if one be feasible, by
which the several auditors and Controller
of the Treasury may be removed from
all political, personal and other extrane
ous influence.
Defendants in Postoffice Fraud Cases
Win Important Point in
Court.
MAY INSPECT POSTAL
RECORDS TOB DEFENSE
TRAIN DISPATCHER
IS HELD TO BLAME
Coroner's Juiy Fixes Responsibility
for Disastrous Wreck on the
Big Pour. . .
IN'DJAN'APCTLIS, Ind.. Nov. 14.—Cor
oner Tueweiler rendered his verdict to
cay nn the Big Four wreck, which oc
curred here on October 21. The Coroner's
Jury blames B. C. Byers, the chief train
dispatcher at ICar.kake<\ who,- he .Bays,
¦f.>il'*<l to notify th« Indianapolis yard-
B.aFter that the Fpccial train was com
i> jr. Sixteen perecr.* were killed in the
v. reclt, fifteen of whom were Purdue stu
«3<T.tS. .
The verdict exonerated the crew of the
eperial train. The judgment of the Big
-i-'our officials was that this crew was re-
EgOMlbto for the wreck, because the train
•»as j;ot under control.
Southern Women Choose Officers.
CHARLESTON'. S. C. Nov. 14. — The
Pnughters of the Confederacy to-day
elected Mrs. K. C. Smyth e of Charleston
president, fit, Louis was selected as the
ccxt meetfnsr Tl'rce. —-
¦ *> »
|5Jk NDfEGO, ICov. 14. — The Increased number
er FMoil in?;*>ctors along the boundary line is
eJicAvir.g result*. 'Another batch of eleven con
trcAnrA Chinese vrat, brought In tliis afternoon
ar.d land'-d in Ja!J. . They were caught near this
city, having b<?eia trailed from the Mexican
ILLINOIS CEJSIT.H.AT« TO
ABSORB OTHER I/IOTSS
Proposition Is Submitted to Directors
for the Purchase of Six Outside
Roads.
CHICAGO, Nov. 14.— A special meeting
of the stockholders of the Illinois Central
Railroad was held to-day. The principal
business transacted was the .adoption of
the proposition submitted . by the ' direc
tors for the purchase of the 'railway
property, corporate rights and frarichises
of the following railroad companies, whiclr
will be incorporated with the Illinois
Central proper: The Rantoul Railroad,
the Illinois and : Indiana' Railroad, St.
Louis and Ohio River Railroad, Christo
pher and Herrin Railroad, Mounds and
Olive Branch- Railroad, Groves and Sand
ItidGe Railroad. .
Tom Horn's Appeal Denied.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Nov. 14.— Governor
Chatterton this afternoon denied the ap
peal of Tom Horn, the condemned mur
derer of Willie> Nlckell. the 13-year-old
Iron Mountain boy, for commutation of
sentence to life Imprisonment, and he will
be hanged in the Laramie County Jail
next Friday by Sheriff Smalley.
¦ ? ¦ '• —
Prussian Poles Score Victory.
BERLIN. Nov. 14. — The supreme ad
ministrative court of Prussia has decid
ed, upon appeal, thatf the police have no
right to dissolve meetings -simply . be
cause the Polish language Is used. •
DALLAS, Tex., Nov. 14.— President
Charles N, Alexander of the Velasco,
Brazos and Northern Railway reported to
the City Hall officials that thifcvea last
night stole a valise from his buggy con
taining $260,000 worth of securities of the
railroad. The entire police force of the
city is at work on the case. The buggy
from which the property was stolen was
hitched on one of the" -moat- prominent
corners of the business district, while
President Alexander was in an office con
sulting with other persons. . !
Securities Were Taken From a
Buggy ln the Streets of Dal
las, Texas. <
BOBBERS GET $260,000
FROM RAILROAD PRESIDENT
are rapidly ripening and shipping will
commence within a few weeks, so a wash
ing would do the trees and' fruit good.
SAN DIEGO. Nov. 14.— A heavily over
cast eky and damp wind indicate that
the local prediction of rain to-day and
to-morrow is about to be fulfilled. No
damage will result from a downpour. The
raisin crop matured slowly, fog Interfer
ing with the drying, but the yield is large
and of excellent quality. A larger crop
of olives than ever before is promised and
the demand is brisk. The prospect " for
early oranges is good and the fruit Is
ripening rapidly. An unusually large
yield Is ln sight and large orders have
been placed with growers.-
The ranchmen of the south are eager
for the long drought to cease. There are
no crops that would suffer, while several
would be greatly benefited by wet weath
er for several days. The early oranges
et the report, changing It to rain.
working for reduced wages at the Black
Oak mine. The Chinese laundrymen,
cooks and other workmen were included
in the order of expulsion, j
It is claimed the miners gave all
the Chinese notice not to return and
warned them that none of their country
men would be tolerated In the town here
after, but so far as known here no vio
lence was offered the Chinese and the
mine has been closed down for the pres
ent. • : > •
{ Up" to date, .-the absence of rain' had
not been felt. to any great extent Last
year there was a good rainfall during the
early part of the season and a very light
one toward the latter part, the result be
ing, that the crops, while good, did not
come' up to first expectations ln many
line's.' , • . • , ¦
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Nov. 14.-Raln be
gan falling this evening and the. indica
tions are favorable for a storm. This is
the first effective rain' of , the season.
, LOS ANGELES," Nov.- 14— Reports from
ell over = Southern California show that
the weather ia threatening -: to-night ' and
rain la -hourly -expected. ¦ The southeast
storm forecasted I by , the weather . bureau
for this section has : not appeared,"- but
heavy and general cloudiness is likely the
forerunner. Locally the day was bright,
but 1 to-niglt' theJre la every indication of
speedy rain. . : . '
": Early ; this • morning a two hours' drlz
rie settled ¦ the . dust. . The .Los Angeles
forecaster's | official ¦ prediction ' to-day .. was
snow for Sunday, but he hastened to cor-
"VALLEJO. Nov. 14.— After several rainy
days this section | was visited this fore
noon by a heavy downpour that glad
dened the farmers. Conditions favor
plowing. Duck hunting should be good
for a day or two.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 14.— The Indications for
a heavy -downpour are good, though the
ralnfalKor the past few, days has been
slight. It has been cloudy since ' morn
ing with several sprinkles. The farmers
need rain for plowing. All the crops of
fruit have been gathered and orchardlsts
and farmers are waiting for the usual
November soil soaking. ' '
; MILTON, Nov. 14.— A flerse storm la
prevailing here to-day. Rain Is falling
heavily and the wind is blowing furiously
from the southeast, presaging a storm of
large proportions. Prior to this storm
nearly, two inches of rain had fallen here,
sufficient for all present needs, in conse
quence of which the present downfall Is
not generally welcomed.
STOCKTON, Nov. 11— The storm which
has been brewing for nearly a week
broke to-day and there has been a steady
downpour since early this morning, much
to the delight of the farmers. A good
rain was* needed to put the soil in condi
tion for plowing, which will now begin in
earnest The rain comes at the close of
a prosperous season and augurs. well for
good crops to come.
' FRESNQ,.Nov. 14.— The first rain of the
season fell here to-day, but up to the
present hour (10:30 o'clock p. m.) the
Weather Bureau reports only a trace. In-"
dlcatlons are, however, for a heavy down
pour in the next twenty-four hours, and
there is the usual rejoicing among the
farmers. A rain has been badly needed
here for several weeks. The wheat grow
ers are anxious to begin the plowing, and
a rain was needed to soften the ground.
Water in the- irrigating ditches is very
low, and the vineyards, orchards and al
falfa tracts were beginning to feel the
need j of | water. Reports from the j moun
tains, are to the effect that a famine is
threatened among the cattle If a new
crop of grass • does j not appear shortly,
and a good fain Is necessary to start the
grass/ If there*" is atiy^ sort of a down
pour from the present storm there should
bo no further cause for worry and Fresno
will be guaranteed for. several months at
least a continuance of the present pros
perity. '
BAKERSFIELD, Nov. . 14.— Rain began
falling at 11 o'clock to-night and promises
to continue. In the mountain regions rain
has fallen several times to-night and re
ports from the Tehachapl say that It has
commenced' at' that point.
REDDING, Nov. 14.— With the wind
blowing a eevere gale In the
first half and rain falling: in tor
, rents in the latter half, the wild
night was followed this morning:
by sunshine. The wind blew down fences,
stovepipes and trees around town. The
rain flooded all the watercourses. The
precipitation during: the night measured
exactly four Inches, making 9.13 'inches
for the season, against 18.10 Inches at even
date last year.
Telephone and telegraph • wires went
down ln many localities. A landslide ln
the Sisklyou Mountains will delay the
passenger train from Portland flve hours
at Jeast. •
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 14.— A storm of un
usual severity broke over this. city last'
night and this morning, the precipitation
up to 7 a. m. to-day being 1.33 inches. The
streams in this vicinity received most of
the water, the ground having been thor
oughly soaked by previous rains and the
water which fell yesterday mainly ran oft
into the rivulets. Considerable damage
was done to the telephone and electric
light companies, the entire western por
tion'of the" city being deprived- of tele-'
phone service by the absorption of moist
ure in the cable which passed down
Fourth street. *The telegraph company
did not have communication with this city
from the south until 9:30 this morning.
Santa Rosa .Creek, is. booming as a re
sult of the storm. Minor damage was re
ported from several places, such' as fall-
Ing trees and chimneys being blown down.
No serious accidents are reported. At
this season the record of rainfall is 8.66
inches, as compared with 7.79 last season
at the corresponding date. '
NAPA, Nov. 14.— Last night and - this
morning a heavy rain fell during a strong
wind storm. The rainfall to date is 2.86
for the season, against 10.35 Inches for
last season to the same date.
Fanners and Stockmen, ln Many Sec
tions of the State Rejoice Because
, / of the Timeliness of
Moisture
Downpour in Interior Will
Have an Improving
Effect.
Brisk Wind and Heavy
Rain Play Pranks in
Shasta.
BIG STORM
HAS FROLIC
AT REDDING
THE. SAN FEAK CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1903.
20
. ADVEBTISEICBNTS.
THE DOCTORS WHO CURE
C SAN FRANCISCO'S LEADING PHYSICIANS and EXPERT SPECIALISTS
,$fip% WE TREAT AND CURE
ftJJZ't§$i J&k CATARRH. Nos« and Throat Troubles, Nervous Diseases. Kidney
AMAifSfr&a «^3 \ nd L1 " er Di*e*sf9. Bladder Troubles. Heart Disease. Dtse««e» ot
J&SSftKr Stomach and Bowels. Piles, FUtuU an-3 Rectal Diseais*. F«raa:»
U&i??** ¦^v't Complaints, Chronic Diseases of Women and Children. KlcSsta. Spin.
»£&IM veT \ "' Troubles, Skin Diseases. Deafness Asthma. Bronchial ami Lud*
tfo. J Trouble*. Rheumatism. Hay Fever 'Neura.leia, Hysteria. Ear Dl»-
.^gO ¦ Zr~r ¦ eases. Goitre or B<g Neck. Varlcocele Lc»t Manhood, etc. : Biood
» iL* Diseases. Private Diseases, Scrofula and ail fonts o£ Nervoos an-1
r>L A^S C^»lc Dlseasea (that are curable).
A. 1^ 0UB MOTTO: A low fe«,9 f^VMg-^ftjL
jK*§^—l Vv^^ ttuick care, oilld and painless l A^ - *53sSC&S
Conaultatlon in nexsoa 01 fe%.
x^S*J&£~54|^ by letter Xre* to al£ <Si or )O»
HOME CURES BY MAIL° E^ *W
Do not despair because you Jive at a distance from the city Drs.
Shores' new system of HOME TREATMENT makes it easy to s£t
expert advice and treatment at home. Their nVw symptom bliic J#^F2y/s£
cov*rs every eyrrptom of disease which enables them to d!agno-.# jftzeJi&Jt&r
your case and tell you what your troubla is. w n at can be don« for JrJ^w^f'lf/j
you, and what the cost of a cure will b«. WRITE IJ you cannot & )<^V?U^J k jr
call for their new symptom list and take advan tar» o* th<* FFtKS N^5^*T^5f
EXAMINATION. Wbethw you. tak, tmfment *t net tbi ad- N *^R^
Yiee co«u you nothing. ¦ Dr. 6. W 5i»n%
WEAK MEN PAY WHEN CURED
It you suffer from any of the weaknesses We ear * T0U en Vand tn«n ask a. KEA-
or diseases caused by Ignorance, excess ot EONABLE FEE when you are cured. Ton
contagion YOU ARE THE VERT PERSO*} <* a depend upon our word; thousands of
WE WANT TO TALK TO. * patients hare Indorsed us. NOW. WB
We have proven. -ear skill In curies WANT TO CURE YOU with the distinct
CHRONIC diseases by publishing the many understanding that we wtl] not demand a
voluntary testimonials from horns people. FEE until we cure you. This applies to
giving namea. pictures and addresses. • Lost Manhood. Seminal Weakness. Spar-
We Cant Pnbllsh Our Cures Iti ¦ g^^^ui^Sfe^SiS. °<Son£!
• . Diseases. g«r jgSrJFST '¦*£&£&$?%
Becauee It would betray confidence, s Rene* men. «-»«— 01
we have .to prove our tkillin thto class ot OFFICE HOURS: 9 a. m. to 4:30 p. m •
troubles In another way. This is our plant Evening* 8:20 to 8: Sundays 10 a. m. fc» IX
Shores &.:Shores. Expert Specialists, 9338,^^^* ai
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ARE YOU IN NEED OF
A Tailor-Made Suit
WOULD YOU LIKE TO
Save Almost Half the Cost
I St fl fl u P~ t0 ~ date Suits - purchased In New York at
1 JJ y y 60c on the dollar; one stylish suit of mixed
twww tweed; coat Is silk lined, with pouch front;
girdle of black silk galloon; retails sf) J fV r*/\
in IVew York for S20.00. On sale / | J .OK)
Other Suits at $15.00, $20.00 and $25.00.
Worth from $25.00 to , .
1 SEE OUR WINDOWS
jp/*^^ .Wholesale Manufacturers
H42-I146 iVIARKBT ST;
ADVERTISEMENTS. • ' ' ' '' \''i'..\
SALE OF corxTRY onDERs receive phompt attektios. ' RFAIITIFI1T NFfFWFAP
! AI! = W03l riSnilCl W2lStS, JMSSP & * ¦ J^ mt!^^^^^^\ j Our elegant line of Wgh gr»de Stocks
! ,,-\ ,^w^' effrrin? of Flannel rtf QC iM JCdQrfAfrS®jf&/ J 4k AjHUtib®^ JLStifjfbsA than ever; exquisite y effects in Stocks,
\ n ;; • ; ; ;,•' -: T c i."\S Collar9 and Tles> at moderato prlce3 -
?i buttons .'¦¦¦ F^aratP »t<x-k ciAlan; Tan. K*Y^S»l*ftFi -TaT -UiZilA Xf^t^^ "l *1 P • n 1 1 P I hPlfl \H I" Q P SI
I Gr4cn. rarffnal. Jloyal and"-«Iaok. A barrraln jjjj' * ' '¦¦*!''¦» >mU Kil^f""^^ • .- : W U Ul J U Ul I J U I U V W L.UU II
A SAL° OF ' j-ijBfe. • crmBiHG op
= P«Cf« Gf?ADi: BLACK TAFFETAS J0&, §m LAKES' AND CHILDREN'S Kf^nED
3 For Monday and Tuesday special selling we have M$m& -SfSWSyS *^S UI^ULKWLAK f\\\U nUdStS<T.
I iii^r^T-^5rsgk-S«le-«t remarkably low vJ^S^^?^^^ i^^^S^^
I FJLic^ar^offcrin^ of 6 magnificent Taffeta Items- @^»#^ffi» V^^&^^VcKSS. V $£>
<l si.'lis of the finest grade that we can recommend for .^D&l^ko^ &&&&£Mfik made, reliable TTnderg-armentB. The Items printed are but a few
* ~~ ffl1P§^§E. KrtRtS&Wm Ci the many 8pleadld vaIae9 obtainable at thi» sale.
|j EXTRA SPECIAL— 600 Y2rdS $1.59 PeSB dS SoiE fW y^^fflB TCI Ladles' Vests and Pants <£1 9/r Ladles' Onelta Siilts.
A Th4 , hic^st harirain in Bla^k Peau a pe« •"X S^^S^wBImII OUC The new Cooper rib form <i>k*^U Regular value $1.65; ex-
3 » o< .}. S v i i- rr,t\- tiflS §£< »1 „.„„ fitting style, smooth finished ¦ EACn cellent quality; in white
r fle Bole that we have offered in months. 0 0^0 ¥ft WPf EACH Beams, silk trimmed neck and EACH ' nnd natural; nearly all
Every yr.rd ir, pure silk, f-xtr.i heavy ""-g | } Jr Jfilniff^\ front: in cream, gray and pink; worth wool; nicely finished; a leader at
and double fared, the absolutely Jl.CO TAHD I ijl /'/ ll'Mm Tuc each. 31.25
; .r.-:.-. ..;i s:.i.. f..r iv.u daya. tSiSlfiftW &El~ Ladles' Swiss Underwear. <fc < r\r Ladles' Onelta Suits.
' CORDUROYS AND VELVETS illlll .™.«SM *{•*> Rgggr ™j.. > s
V>'J5\Jt^U IO MI\L/ VLLVLEOi T V| j UtF /fl * Atil lshed seams; neatly trimmed; EACH Suits- in white and gray;
-p.. i. ,j .,.,, never so crcat as it is risrht L V HIM 19 warranted not to shrink; all sizes; garments that give good satisfaction;
l .xc aem«»na Aas ne\er so Rrcai as u is rigni j t- MRJW J great value 85c Each regular value 5' 50
nov.- :^r them, an«J it is easy to understand why K* j b! n^| t j r;{\ LADIES' TIGHTS '
oar department is doing 'uch a rushing business 1 l£ MfJJ QUC Knee or ankle length; fin- $9 9^ Ladlcs " °" elt , a S a ul ) tS * .
these days — because vou choose here from the lar- ' 1 \m ft _.„. lshed seams; with large dou- 4'^ > *^ 1 "~ / na - v Bults » " »
test stock at the most tempting prices. i flW ™ or b fi e ne fla c^ 0 n n d S?KS' >^ .
I'lrvn corii > :ro;--i ; n t !-!?•» coioi^. .75c aad $1.00 yd. V I Jj grand value '. ..fJOelSach Karments; ln Rll sizes; regular value
Novelty wivots in the latest designs. ......... ,7Sc yd. war Children's Vests and Drawers . * 300 ftach#
Fancy Corduroys. th*» 75^ Quality, on sale at SOo yd. SERB - White and gray Children's tZClf Merino Union SllltS. •
— — . ——————¦—¦ t¥S r . r , Vests, Pants and Drawers; JUC Ladies' Suits, in white and
A <?PFCIAI IN \J ' slzeB 16 to 34; perfectly nn- p . nw gTay; Oneita style; crocheted
rk *J«^*-*»»^»«-» »*' lshed; a good quality garment; rare " l ' n neck, and front; smooth fln-
UinMCIil'Q PI ANNPI CTTC PniVMQ 1 value at 25c Each ished seams; a leader at. .. .50c Each
lirUlTiuti O rLHlliiLLLllL UUUilO ¦ Ladles' Imported Swiss Wool Vests Children's Black Hose 15c pair.
A most welcome offering— 15 dozen *% «k /~\ very high grade all-wool Swiss rib Vests; in Good grade Children's fast black Cotton Hose,
SJFS^Fvi? i«SHS35 flan- UJI b Pi**. ««* whltei grayand black; in all sizes; on fine rib double soles and knee, sizes 6 to 9; spe-
D«l; in pink and blue stripes; made Jj 8 8 Fn sale at— ' . ciai vaiue lbc rair
!32» 1 Sf r wl^^^ d bn5SS .^ " " Vests, high neck and long sleeves. . . : .$1.35 Each £ Children's fine Black H0 S e25c pair -
iragti and width; regular $1.25 gowns for Vests, high neck and short sleeves, .. .$1.25 Each gu^^^i&Sr^ii'SSlli^iiS^^i
V >Jt - JLw "-" 1 j Vests, high neck and no sleeves $1.00 Each great value .25c Pair
TABLE LINENS for THANKSGIVING. RfljlDC flQTfiMIQUlMP flDCQC PflfinQ fi^CCDO F
.j^.ts^^^isgjgsasss "'""^ flolUWIonmb Untoo bUUUo Urrtno!
before. . Thaantertvteg and CTirlgtmas being so close Wa have again jlannda for the next three day a ronsing Drsaa goods Bale—and if yon are looting
to haai, it is n^virable to thin* of home fnrnishlngj. for fabrics ln their height of fashion at great reductions then these Items wllMnterest you;
3S£g£SS|50C 25 $1.25 FANCY ZiBEUNE for $1.50 BUCK ETAMINE for
to i« T a s<. i lfi»n t\wf\ co *i lUAnblnc f\/\nn comes ln the leadin^ colors; every yard £ %J^* Black London Twine Etamine: a beautl- 7w «D „ .
72 -in f33!e Linen QCf*. $2.50 Napkins. O ft f|n WO rth $1.25— on sale to-morrow " ful quality; worth $1.50; for.. 05c Yard V^ JO
Th*> rrgnlar W.O!) flfl Extra hfrR\T A/ |UU '. 75 C Yard •. ¦ ¦¦
£S*2' in L^o£r D^ a ' $1.50 SILK FINISHED ETAMINE, $1.75 BLACK CREPE DE PARIS for
heavy, Pitt eras. toms; a bargain at......... A very flne grade sllk-flnished Eta- gfo n •/> Silk and Wool Crepe ' de Paris. 46 rfN tf r\*>
*""¦" *T" - •¦¦¦¦¦^.f>o «i™>n m , ne 46 Jnches W id e ; a soft and cllugy H %£ inches wide; a very fine, soft and clingy %. | Ar\
I c«..ui -> r i««- «„ FivicHFn Tum-F rin-THc 1 material ln the very latest col-jraigs; *»§•¦¦" material, so stylish for fancy drees \W g # *" v
Spcciu! rrices on riMSntD TABLE CLOTHS. also black; great value at $1.50, for.... T " Tard wear; immense A'alue at. . . . 81.25 Yard Y Yard
r.*tr'.nr,ir.r to-morrow tt»» ttIII place on sale about 150 >....».. .91.12 Yard ' • ; .'
S&sa2rS l 8»SSN^<:S'SSS $2-00 QUALITY ENGLISH VENETIAN, . $2.50 Grade Black PAON -'BROADCLOTH, -
deyipnK and in the various sizes— «very cloth to be cold All-wool English Ven/tian, extra gt± ft M mm This is the cloth the best tailors aro <fK « (\£?
at gr.aiiy reduced prices. heavy weight; 52 inches wide; a grand HkH IJLy using for long coats and suits; 54 inches H f$T%
52.E0 Clotts, $3.03 Cloth*. $3.50 CItthi, $8.80Cleth», material, so much in demand for long^TyQ* "*-' wide; one of the finest cloths Imported; »W g"^' vr
SI. 85 82.45 S2.95 S4.75 ca. coats and suits; in the new Fall colors; i Yard fast black dyo; worth $2.50, for • Yard
V — — •' regular value 1 2.00 yard. -S1.85 Yard
Fnitr i p.ariP.r* in FlannPJ^— On Sale Monday. HOLIDAY HANDKERCHIEFS
All Wool Eiderdown Flannel. Novelty All-Wool Walstlng, „, for women, men and children.
T(l . „_,,„ jfa n .,antv— ~n wor > aa^v Tnrinrt.^ >r> m , n r v.i-v ohnir. m. *v n >ever was the aepartment in better condition' nor more replete with all
M«Z to >M?^S OQC "SSfif CflC -*££ *&%&}? 6 "^ 16 in **\***j» of Handkorchiefs for man
rink. l'~iit blua. red prsv tan / jJT . p'ain colom and fancy effects- re*- t1U« . woman and child. An almost endless variety 'in Initialed. Embroidered and
fav^«« ¦ rwlamail* uS." siSJl *¦ U Tir* £ia r WWl»rd Lace-trimmed Handkerchiefs— in fact, every kind that is desirable for Holiday
day's rrfce SOcyard r*,-.^ PM M^«.., n cu nM .i, Gifts. The following are some of our great leaders:
A Safe of Canton Flanner P^Z^fS^S?"** 12/ 2 c Each. 25c Each. V 10c Each*.
&2%tt£s^^$j£ sw^sss-^-aS-sss 5L n-iS^^s tssMs^&^i trinss: 1^
bleach^; 27 inchen wide. For Mon- I T .^ \n&>. choicest patterns;, very ¦*'"*« a very flne quality, with a Mrcmen, in _ %, % ana % trimmer Hananerchler*. a
day .- / 7e yard ' Tart rpcclal ....15o yard dainty hand-embroidered in- hem; a euperb quality; nn*st large variety to »elect from;
Sslc of Comforters, $5.00 White Blankets for £!& ,—..S <£& S^. 1^ 2TS2«o"i iT^ 0^. worth
gfe i s^SS-*SSfns ci.95 canSi 3Kk**«£1 8 K£ cq.95 20c embroidered handkerchiefs, French initial handkerchiefs,
pure wWU cotton and rhrucest silk- iSI E h and fleecy nap, In blue, pink and J p . About 300 dozen very choice IQU Vtirh Hand -embroidered French O£S«-» C^l.
oilr.e covering, nicelr tufted; great v *•*" red bordera and ellk binding. , Handkerchiefs, flne corset I^a^Lawn initial Handkerchiefs ln the -iOC EilCil
value. . Actual value f5 pair. I cover designs; worth 20c each for.l2}£e each most exquisite sheer linen; worth 35c each
\ . ADVEBTISElirENTS.
. •¦ "" . Ban *"ranctec<V Sunday. 15 November. 1003.
A New Sideboard
for Thanksgiving
The big gala day will soon be here — make it an"
occasion for purchasing a new sideboard. Pictured
above is one you will surely like.
In every detail the construction is just as you would
have it were you ordering the piece made. Built of
selected oak, finished golden color. Measures 45 inches
wide and 22 inches deep. Contains one large and two
small, drawers, besides cabinet. The mirror is a genuine
French bevel plate, 18 by 32 inches. Price $41.50..
Other new patterns in sideboards also, and they are
without question the most attractive we have ever
shown at moderate prices.
Card tables. All kinds and sizes, including a num-
ber of styles, with reversible tops. The most popular,
inexpensive card table we have is one which has been
adopted by the American Whist Congress. It comes
with plain wood top, and with cloth covered top. Ca"n
be folded when not in use. Prices $3.00 and $3.50. '
One dollar and a half buys a serviceable cahe seat
oak chair — for use in dining-room, living room or bed-
room.
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.) s
957 to 977 Market Street, San Francisco
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Trunk and SuitGase
SPECIAL OFFER.
Excellent Trunk, durably made, with all
heavy braaa trlmmlnga, ' two extra trays,
double strapped, and an extra value at
$9.60. We have apeclally reduced the
price to ....fO.OO
Dress Suit Case of flne sole leather, hand-
some ln appearance, 1 well made and
durable, worth much more, but we offer
It for ........ ...... <i ..............¥6.00
\We are dally, in receipt of, new Holiday
Leather Goods ' ln - Chatelaines, BagH and
Suit Caees. Specially desirable as holiday
presents. • - - • •
A. B. SMITH CO.
Trunks , and Traveling Outflta,
128-132 Ellis Street. Above Powell,
Ban . Francisool •.; ¦ .PARIS. Nor. 14.—The two members of
the Chamber of Deputies.* Henry, Maurice
Berteaux. Radical Socialist, and Georges
Herthoulat, Independent Republican, who
engaged In a violent altercation during
the discussion of the war budget In the
Chamber on Thursday, fought a duel with
pistols *in the suburbs of Paris to-day.
Two shots were exchanged without any
result, and the encounter ended with the
principals still unreconciled.-
Principals. Fire Two Shots , Without
Effect and. Go Away\Un
satisfied.
FRENCH DEPUTIES
y ENGAGE HT A DUEL
ROME, Nov. 14.— Dr. B. F. de Costa.
formerly a dJ»tlng-ulshed Episcopal minis
ter of Xew Tork, who came to Rome
last January to study with a view to en
tering the Roman Catholic priesthood,
has been obliged to go to Flesole, near
Florence, because of poor health. Dr.
de Costa has become so seriously 11] that
It has been decided to hasten his ordina
tion. He will be made a deacon Novem
ber 22 and a priest November 29.
for Priestiood Goes to Florence.
Arrjftrit'a.T} Minister Who Is Studying
I>TL PE COSTA'S HEALTHPA1LS.
A valuable rind was made, written' in
Latin, giving the text of the epistles to
the Hebrews and epitome of Hvy's six
lost books. This, with other papyri, cov
ering the period 150-137 B. C. threw much
new and valuable light on the history
of the world and marked the recovery
of hitherto classical literature of Egypt.
A quaint Instance of the business methods
In vogue in 137 B. C. is shown In the dis
covery of an amusing contract whereby
a slave boy was to be taught shorthand
for 120 drachmae. The payment was ar
ranged on a. thoroughly businesslike ba
sis. 40 drachmae down, 40 on satisfactory
evidence of progress and 40 on the at
tainment of proficiency.
Accompanied by Dr. Hunt, Dr. Gren
fell found a rich Ptolemaic necropolis at
El Hlbeh. The bulk ef the documents
from the one mound consisted of a collec
tion of sayings of Jesus. They are all
Introduced with the words, "Jesus salth,"
and for the most part are new. The ends
of the lines, unfortunately, are often
obliterated. Apparently all the sayings
were addressed to St. Thomas. One of
the most remarkable Is:
"Let not him that seeketh cease from
his search until he finds, and when he
finds be shall wonder; wondering he shall
reach the kingdom, i. e.. the kingdom of
hi aven, and when he reaches the king
dom he shall have rest."
Dr. Grenfell remarked that enormous
interest would be also aroused by the
discoveries on account of the variations
they disclosed from accepted texts.
One variant of mystical saying, record
ed in St. Luke, "The kingdom of God
is with you." was of great value, as the
saying in the papyrus appeared in quite
different surroundings from those attrib
uted to it by the evangelist and extend
ed far into another region.
According to Dr. Grenfell these say-
Ings formed the new gospel which is tra
<Utionally associated with St. Thomas.
An Interesting variation of the gospel
according to St. Luke, eleventh chapter
and City-second verse, "Woe unto you
lawyers, for ye have taken away the
key of knowledge; yet entered not in
yourselves and them that were entering
in ye hindered." reads in the papyrus,
"Ye have hidden the key of knowledge,
ye entered not yourselves and to them
that were entering in ye did not open."
Another fragment contained a discourse
of Christ closely related to passages of
the sermon on the mount and a conver
sation between Christ and his disciples,
in which Christ answers a question as
to when his kingdom will be realized,
saying;
"When ye return to the state of inno
cence which existed before the fall."
LONDON. Nov. 14.— Many hitherto ua
known sayings of Jesus Christ have been
discovered in Egypt by archaeologUts,
who lave dug up papyri buried since/the
second century. 109 miles south of Cairo.
Dr. Bernard P. GrenXell, t who has been
engaged in Egyptian, excavations, since
ZSH. at the general meeting of the' Egypt
exploration fund held yesterday gave the
following details:
Interesting Discovery Made
by Scientists Near
Cairo.
There were seven Email rooms in the
school, each with Its various kinds of
brick. In one room were found bricks
with grammatical exercises. The scholars
evidently sat on the ground in rows with
soft clay bricks in their hands, painfully
forming the hard cuneiform letters.
Father Scheil says the thumbmarks of
the teacher are to be detected where he
emudged over the scholars' mistakes.
There was a room where advanced schol
ars learned to write the elaborate and
highly poetical forms of adulation often
eeen on Babylonian monuments. Much
Importance was attached to learning
weights and measures, to arithmetic and
geometry, but the chief branches were
grammar, writing and the expression of
adulatory forms.
There la evidence that girls got pretty
zeuch the same education as boys and
Father 6chell found contracts In which
the language and law had been revised
by a learned woman named Amat Baon.
There Is evidence that a pupil was occu
pied with learning to write from seven
to fourteen years.
BEKXJX, Nov. 14.— R«v. Vincent Scheil.
a German priest, making: excavations in
an ancient Babylonian city, has unearthed
a school just as It was 4000 years ago In
the time of King Hammurabi.
It Is a email house of eunburnt brick
and stands in the midst of the most popu
lous district of the city of Seapur, Just
opposite the great temple. It has many
Inscribed brick, from the cuneiform ln
ecriptions on which Father Scheil has re
constructed the life of the ancient Baby
lonian school. One brick says: "He who
learns to write well in the school will
ehlne as the sun."
Ancient Building Stands Just as It
Did Four Thousand Years
Ago.
PRIEST UNEARTHS AH
OLD BABYLON SCHOOL
Papyri Recently Pound
Revise Versions of
Testament;
NEW LIGHT ON
JESUS' SAYINGS
THE SAN IBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 15 r 1903.
21
THAJSTKSGTVIKQ OF^ THE
PLTJIrlBEB AND
THE BURGLAR.
BY OCTAVE THANET.
Strangest Story You Ever Heard
of in the
NEXT SUNDAY CALU
t Model Hats New $17.50 [ 0M^^^^^^M^^fM^i '^ Dainty 35c Ribbons 24o
f Exquisite creations from the most famous Parisian milliners-aHthat. : ™&™ e 0 ™^ Monday satin taffeta all-silk ribbons,. 4.
f remain of our beautiful models— which, having had. their day of a^- ... and\4^ inches wide; a most excellent quality; fresh,
f usefulness with us (they were purchased with the idea of^showing ™>>? ni^ V>J^ -' bright and pretty; JUSt what VOU want at this Season
the women of this city the coming styles of this season) are now /// JSk K^ ¦,' ¦ * - for voiir hnlidav work and adaDted for neckwear milli-
t /cuttohalf the cost of importation, or less, to-close themout while V • Y -^
•: /there are still months of usefulness ahead. They are marked at the tiL^/SrfJh §^f) / ff y ff£ J^fll J 1 M Jfl neFy P ur P 0Ses > sashes, e^" } he colors cardinal, light
•I . price for which only an ordinary hat could be produced by any good V^^0£ 4L*^L~S j§ f Jf&/t/& I'V&W'Bm r C ¦. blue » cream, white, maise, Violet, turquoise, royal, rose,
\ I milliner of San Francisco. Originally $25.oo. &'§J "California's largest? •" ¦¦¦nii>' - 3 *c=^ scarlet and black; regular value 35c; for the jS/Jf*
\ to J+o.oo. Moniay, and while quantity lasu, your'choice tt. . %fr m M B%JP%Jf ¦¦'¦iiiTTr'BrTITfliHBBff"^*""^^^^^^^^ '" * * ' " - . One daV VflTd .... ...... ...•.* ™ * **
\ French Room; second floor. .•^¦jHM^- gBU T AMERreA'S'GRANOEST^TOBE,. Main aisle'counier. '
\ The Toys Are Here Wonderful Waist Setting
I California's Premier Display Opens with a Doll Sale WiJl Be a Feature of Our Business To'Morrow
i We open A\onday in our Entertainment Section, ; 2nd floor, Market street^ front, the greatest .toydls-. Another offering of choice tailor-made and fancv. A&!Al _?^
\ play this side of New York. These beautiful and manv of them wonderful toys have been collected from evening waists at one-third to O7ie-Half less than their /Mr&lk fv»*b.
\ all parts of France, England, Germany and Austria. We devote 30,000 square feet of space to the dis- real worth begins to-morrow in Our beautiful ;<^^9
\ play of toys. Bring the children to see the immense family of dolls, their houses, their furniture, their Suit and Cloak Department — second floor. . <BL*J \i$9
\ carriages, all the wonderful mechanical toys and railroad trains, with complete outfit of train attachments, v ;. , . - ' .. , t>\t\ r\t\ n i. *«- e\s <1^^
i the remarkable variety of games and toys of every imaginable kind. ' .•." ' ,/ . " a !^ S W ° r^ *° It An -i\ u° f f 'of J^^^^^W' /^fefev
i Those who can do their Holiday shopping now not only enjoy the nr,t pick and the assurance of finding what Waists WOrth to $14.00 Wlll.be $6.95 /#'Jll^SCSf (Wffi$'%,
t they arc looking for, but they, also escape the dhcomfort that even in an immense .y,tem.tically conducted store like *fi£ l Ot includes more than 100 handsome Silk, fUA W^M^^M /' I \\
t this cannot be avoided during the weeks immediately preceding Christmas.* ;-,' j. '•,_,•- , v-%^.- , •• ¦• >• - - •- . ... ~ I ¦-•v » i 'il ,' *\\i&>mj -V* * '' ifflvv^X
I Out of toum fiatrons thon'd order at once ufdVbe absolutely certain of getting what they w.n V ,. Qepe de Chine and a 1^ Over lace -Waists, jUStJn | >^ \\ I mW ft .? J r! f%^\
t* Of course the dolls "e the most necessary toys now to bethought of, as the prudent mother must make the from One OT New York S TOremOSt makers. He \>^gS^u/A/ J^VJ
$ clothes and buy th: shoes and stockings, the hats or cap.s g'oves, jewelry sets and the dozens of other small things that wished to dispose of surplus and original models and we secured the f/
* dolly needs, so we offer two specimens/^ Monday onfa~" lot at a very cxtremdymducing price. . Every waist is new, fre»h /^W™ r^v3Sv7
j. : ' ., ,.., . '.','< « . w « ii /-\ ,, and a betuty.: There we hardly two alike, and most sizes are repre- I i||a .' 1 XyB^^
J y^^k A 25-inch Doll (like picture on left), Papfcr Mache Dolls-Our old re- 8entcd< Beginning Monday, o^ &GOEZ I Ji >
i . full jointed in every part, .body the JP\ line-; of superior quality Vyour. choice "at ;....... y«lf «ftf**9O««FO
t £mffk\ m Women's Fine Tailor. made Suits and Coats
i ffW^CW sleeping eyes and a full mohair ball and socket jointed,handsome Most Approved Stylos, Extraordinarily Low Prices.
k* &Jl /lr[ Wig Sewn On net, has Shoes and If K \ -race, pure monair Wig .WOVen On Daily exprcu kc;p our «ock 'alway* interesting. For Monday we will show many new and clever exdnrreideaj direct from Fifth
i vu-tr \ stockings and lace trimmed chemise; // » I V\ net and dressed in pretty ringlets, Avenue's mo«t capable designer* and adapter* ofute foreign modej. % _
III \ \ would be Cheap at $3 ' 50 ' Special P 1 \^ sleeping eyes and a pretty che- wS? - f - ide "; in luitI ftom -ff- 4 " 95 ° $to ?-°°' tnd c ? a^° » |f 5 o.oo, *e <& pardcukr attention » the foi-
/i\ Kl \ M ° nday ° nl . y '.'.*' . yM mise. . Marked at these prices: Russian' Bouse Cape Suits of cheviots, in the popular instep Women's Box' Coats— Of fine kersey, length 30 inches,
/ tf / ;V| V\ * * §Irli* l% % ' n • -$1.35 *S '"> • . ¦ S4.OO length, deep cape and all edges back and front beautifully «atin Iin;d, suitable for young or elderly women; dfc & ftf TT K
ffli i A 15 ' inch Do11 like P» cture to the H'S i4^in- -$1.65 a9"»- $5.OO trimmed with velvet in seX or contrasting colors, pleated a {15.00 coat, exclusive^ ours, priced .. . . nPMMJfm M %3
K^^lpt^y r '8 ht ). fuU cor J "uffed, kid bod/ jointed hip W H i%l , |V ; ; Q 2m Q0 30 b . . .$6.00 unlined skirt, trimmed in , an unusual manner. Look at Evening Wraps and Coslumcs— Our great reduction sale of
•3& ' « d ck^»\cEu'arW c« iT Sm *•" » & > • $2.75 ifjife. $7.25 the $35.00 and suits around town and then hand,om 5 impo.ted coat, and gown, continue,, and corang „ it doe.
sucning*, rcguin) 5 v.v. oprtwi ZgZJfff% . Zi^ oer . . _^_ nn D ' . - •<- . • . at the optn ng of the social season, v^u'il appreciate this opportune
Monday only &&G . a 3 in. . $3.25 3* >" • 9W.0O come, here and see if there is not AAA *-^* offering £„£;„, Par ;, model^ t were J 100.00 to Js^o.co,
, •* , _' _ _. , •-- - , - _ «' "i»V * v morfc dash and value in these for . . ,mp*i**m%Wr now ; . $45.00 *» $2QO.OO
KdDoHs-Metal riveted joints, wig, in ringlets, fOO Slyfes Mechanical Railroad Trains— Yet, Second Foor— Front ' ->
sleeping eye,, teeth, shoe, and stockings, 5 sues more a hundred styles,' all constructed on scientific principles, and all <
and extra good values— ««/»/> run on tracks, that may be extended to any length or improvement desired. -''J3R^- : £?§**** mm^M** *&O*m* - Stt B m mm B &***&** BT4**
\TZ*""¥bZ \l^ $i'.SO We have complete Jortments -.of^ train extras! such as^ bridges, tunnels, WC F B&B$BtBB& 4S$£G""* *>gSl&nMetS, £.ZGm
Papier Se^lis-Paten.dif^ with p^^ % passenger and coaling stations, semaphores, waiting Fo , Mond m^t surpr^ilaanel bar ia in ever oncrcd by Che bi* store. Over 5000 yards of strictly wool,
moha : .r wig,, ,ieepng eyes, sh.« and st.ck'ngj; \ ¦ ' jsn 7 - " heavy twilled, winter-weight flannels, in cream, black, navy, cadet, brown and many mixed effects;
one cfour b«t vaiu« f it the following p.-ices - Locotr.otive, tender .nd car . sue, , 75c j ust t j ie tn j ng f or warm house dresses, skirts, waists and kimonas, as well as men's wear; O0i»
"^h • • • 'III lite' • sfoo '1ZZSZ f '?°' : $i:5O not a yard worth less than 45c, some much more; your choice for Monday only, yard , .
14-incn^ . -.^OUO 10-ui £J m QQ Locomotive, tender and two cars, with double track, and donb'e , witches . . . . S2.SU Main Aisle.
Children's Stwing Machines— The kind that ac- $3.00, $3.50, S4-OO, up to $4-0.00 each vvhiteB!ankets— Standard California mike, 4-lb.^^.—^ Warm Comforters - White filled, well quilted and good to wear,
tually sew; practical aid us=ful— ClOOtfloal Trains— With track . . .$3.59, S5.OO up to $27.50 weight, single bed ,ize, Monday^only, pair. • • . • .S>3mZ8 each 85O
SI. 50, S2.5O, $3.50 > OthCP Ti*aln8 - Wit' F' nt Blankets — One of the most attractive and serviceable makes Down Comforteri— Full size, Fiench satsen covering, in new colon,
Typewriters— That do good work, very imtruc- _p ac kd in boxes with J^^JBHSJ^^^f^hf ' TIEUL^^ and sizej, 70 inches wide, best wool/ pair $5.95 each . : . $4.50
tive for young people- arranrement ' of 3^^5?w - $l< - 50 White Blankets-BrsrMis.ion make (from the Golden Gate SHk Comforters -Down filled, French eteen on revene «de, rery
S1.OO, $2.5O, $5.OO " U arran g ement or Jff&r . Mills), superior wool, tuperb hnwh; our price, pair .. . .$8.45 handsomT, each $8.5O
Clockwork Trains— The boy', delight. We track, tw.tch, som: with MSBf ' TOT SI2.50 Mission- 8lanKetS— Australian wool, extra wide; our pricr, R ¦ n . . _ _ „ ., . ,
... , 1 ui 11 »: . • a I JLL4 ¦ ' ' JSjofl i -¦•••- ¦ gpg-% r>A Brown DianKets — Fine Caliiornia wool^
have the largest and most remarkable collection tunnel,, station, an" 6?^^ -.^^O^ pair,.' . . . '., . ... . . . . . .... . .-. . . $9.95 tr __ _.!„„ , „»;.»,..,_, «^ M «4 OK
ever brought to thi, State. Th: cheaper train, o±ci . $3. 9 5 White Blankets-5-p.und weight, 6 fc, wide, good d s hdy *>£ \ ; J « | | |
thit tut on track, range from 25c to S3. 50 . . .*_ _ ° s *^-SygrTrgtlr*ftp ¦ U t 1 ** «"'n •*** 1 weil-male blankets; our prx:, pair . . . . . . . . . . $3.25 Q 1 • j • u • oe
each; the other train, we wiJ tell you more "» *2%£°%Jf 3mS * ® - "r . $1-75. Comforters- 1 2 cast, only, a make^ both good h^gh-das. com- , *-°° TiInc ' "t 0 " 11 * ""&'> 0Ut P " CC '. t ' 6mS5
about in tEe next co'uma. to $3S.OO. -forters; on special tale Monday, eich. ". . . . ; . . . . S1.38 .. Section J 7— Left.
Women's and Children's Winter Underwear Women^s and Misses' Winter Gloves *
The "Globe" Underwear— Ladie.' .fine jer*y ribbed full memo Women'. "Merode" Union Suits ..... ... . :r.\\ gf :$U1B? Women'. i-da,p outseam Cape Glove^ b English red. and t*ns; pair* Misses* Scotch Wool Cloves— In pretty combination. 0/ black and
Ve«. and Pant.; unexcclltd m quality, .tyle and fiaiin; warranted non- Women s - ••Mcrode . Ve.t, and Pant, and Equr.trjan T.ght,, jrrsey/ :;.... . . . ; . . . . ..'...$1.00 red, gray and mode, black and white, and .olid coloring, of gray, red,
•hrinkable, color, natural and white; garment. $1.25 nbb:d, % wool, natural or cream color, .all styles; per garment. 75O f . navy white and black- pair • 2So
Women's "Globe" Union Suitt. .$2.25 Children's ?'Merode" V., u and Pants, 1 jersey ribbed, % wool,' natural"^ 'Women's I -clasp Engfoh Cace Glove.— patent thumb, spear or Pari. ... , - . •*•#'-- \',\.' \' '" I' ' ' ' '*****
ChiUren'. "Globe" Union Suit, . ........... -J/.25 . or cream color- : . . --point back; in red,, tans, beaver, and s-ates^pair . . . .' 7.J/.50 Vomtn* Cashmere OIovu-B.aek. oaly, » elasp. «wrut, pa:r
The "Mtrode" Underwear— Womsn's jtrtey ribbed, medium weight . s to 4 yean . .... . 5Oo , 9 to 11 years. . . . . . 650 * . -\ .''"¦% ' ' ' /$O «« OUO
Peruvian cotton Vesa and Panti (not fleecid); vests long or short 5 to 6 years 5Bo 12 to 14 year,. . ... . 700 » Eoys* or Misses' Mochi Gloves— One large clasp, in the new gray Women's Golf Wool Gloves — Combinations of brown and red, gray
sleeve;; pants, French bands or equestrian tights, knee or ankle; 7 to S year. . . . . ... SOO shades;" pair . { •". $1 m QO '. and b!ack, red and black; pair 25o
color cream; garment* . BOo ; Section Three— Left: \^__— - - ' Section io — Right'
Sale of Skins 38c Embroidery Sale r Half Off Counter I Sale of Cretonnes
Pyrography Materials v The balance of an immense import order ggj Crockery ' Doptm ¦ 20o to 35c Qualities, fOo
We have securea another big lot of colored art «kins for of fine^SwiSS. Cambric and nainSOOk erh- «r u " i l " j • " • 1 * ** j i -h ,,
Pyrography burning and decorating, in time for holi- bf0 Ljg r\* d inipr Hon5 W oil We have panned .speaal counter , , Qn -Monday Only We Will Offer One thOU"
day gitt makers, to prepare them for chri«»o. it r d ft e " es nn f" d . ln fl s^ 0 .,?",^ ,., u P^ Mon^; wlU /^^J ¦ sand yards of French, English and Do-
» a fine lot. Many hundreds of them .nd large morrow only at abou half /their >actua] be dupiaycd aii^f the .ingic P icc« __/ gm*\ Q J Cretonnes, heavy quality, choice
quantities of each of the most desirable *& ¦ They are all the^best of finished «?? :!«"". lo » ° r brlc -»- brac '^ eorat f d 17IJ mfth -designs ; fine co orines 7 odd lote S
Lde. : s r ial^^^.each. 3«O S^fromlO '^^^*£%£-
t^^~^«^^^ {erf, l^are^pHced'a^ oflo^ Farly seHing at 20c, 25c and 35c *
bu.b and tubing, alcohol lamp, benzine bott.e, cork , ., . -j • «« ° I \m^T^C it ¥}l\ c $£~^PnP ¦ yard, for #»/€#
handle metal union put up in large bass.ood bo, jjc /|o 5- embroideries |fc p , #ce s. H^R/ L| MK now , ytfd . .
complete tor .- $2.5O J ,. op embroideries . 4So w ii ?E" foun? W Sa'St' / *»'M W 'W$-W^' Short Lot. 8 scT.pcstne,. now yard . . BOo
Other styles $3.00 and $3.50. Main Aisle . , .' : to-morrow are a large num- I " )f |l 'It'W All Odd Pairs of lace curtains, and sieg'e lots of lace bed
Water Color Stains— 1 z co^or,, each . . . -25c — — >^-^— — »— «««» M «-^— « «_ ber of decorated china pieces, W-»^*f II l^tdfif ":s, in all styles now reduced to close one-half Off
SSS^Sr^rJ^^.r.v-fSSS Values in Shoes &*k% ¦ \,~^-^T' m *Z ***» '*-l&.
Special Benzne— For pyro work, bottle .. . . . 15O «. A ' - $3.00 4ox. pbtst for ..,. $t. SO 40c pm tray, for ..-. . . 200 ¦ , 1
Stamp'ntf Fluid -For pyro work, bo^le 25O '.- \9UGn aS.arO HOt v . 50c «:ad bowh . . ,25© 40c a.h tray, for .. . . . 200 < «.. -«« Arf--ff_ .— . "~"
NoveUfcstn Wood lor fiurninj-AH stamped with very Obtainable EtSOWherO e ' ..nUSSBBn StylCS ¦
« T'l^™' *n y Z %Ot ° WOrkupOD ' „-„ "UlUc dents' "Shocs-For boy, and youths, p=^^ «uce boat. * 4. So 75c chocolate 38o . f n ~ D nu c
Glove Zt inZ SEff^ ' 'fi?2 made of fine vici kid or box calf, with J~^ » S c P !»«er. for ;; . ". , 43c » *5-oo cracker jar, V . . $2.5O \-JPF *f°y S
SSLtiv:: : :5SS Sch a^ ffb r! c :- : '||S • >^^^^^^^^iua Emnorium Cut Prices
Book^.. .... .850 Clock «and, 75o t that will give good and satisfactory w \ W JM, ; jg.oo Boheman va.e^ emb^ed gold . . -*. . . *4.OO #«####*#•#• •«-# #&rC7O
Picture frames. 4 'Jo Nut bowl. *J? C and possesses a large amount of Style. V /A» m/\ ¦ Other Bohemian V vase, that were; i\.zt, Je.ae' |6. 50,- I7.C0, now n llcfl J« M
J- el b «J' v 35 o Rpe nek.. 40o Wc u thcm fr0^ , t0 /, ir * W\ ,$2.13, $2.63, $3.25, $4.25 K " SS . I i , an .^^v
Stamped, . . 2Sc Cand,«t>cks ff5O > J P ~ FJ| 9S cIamp,for 4ffO I5.00 lamp.for $2.50 J3.JO lamp, for 53.75 - SUltS
In Rotunda. . ' ¦ ¦• ¦ ¦:¦•¦-¦ owcr.tnan any otncr snoe store tnat we *£ ?/ W And there i. a large assortmrnt of Havilani goods, of which we only D,,« c ion rre^Slfo P+Qr
*•> ¦¦ -.¦,.-¦¦ - ¦j.jr know of and carry* foil assortment in jGP, V Jr . have .nglc piecei or «naU lot»,*ll on the n=wbargain~ counter at half price. r ..*^"r?'~"..- t y 1 "* - \T f
Gntlitren s Wfear a11 s;z:s * nd width «- • section —Ri^ht. overcoats
'M£ s ' -i " v : • Jj'H <J£j^ ¦ Scaris and Squares P *L^,, /]T^
,P%V aJnSiett! rELed with braid : »^ to & ' '¦' $2.00 fBefr*^ Seasonable > Special land Best -¦-: SJSSSSE* #^i(4V ft
JR. and frog fastener, colors >ink and Misses' and^ Childrei^ Shoes^In vici kid and box calf, for Bargain Of the Kind TMsSeaSOtt V ..* jJ/Uj; Jd
s£r&Z~£r white or b'.ue and white/ complete winter wear, .good solid soles in the, light or heavyweight, Monday^ only; , while : the "quantity lasts, * thousand fine, lawn They appreciate the wide • \K| f^P 1 ®^^
suit . . . . . ». . . 98c P atent cat^ cr and^box calf tips, spring heels, in^ the most up- scarfs and squares; some or them plain hemstitching, others rangeof style^ earefUly^ • "• 1 I
n/is. J / A Children's Flannelette Gowns— In «>- date ." ; 8^-to»>r 51.25.^ X'Mto 2 $1.50 ;A^??^( lt «^««^.?R^? ;icarfi;i8x54;;inchci;:the ,*S^SS£:S /: 1 HflHT
Vf(3 7li'\ fancy stripes and solid coior daisy- (f^-"^ Two Fashions We Styles 0! Women's Shoes— ; squares 32 inches and can: be used for tab!e.covers, pillow actna i Jlvb ? th,, _ 1 WrW
7 {ill \ cloth, made with a short yoke, t\ L Strictly up-to-date in every respect, one shams, c:c; not a piece in the lot worth less than our price, mean. "From 1 y|
/ 7 /IK \ turn over collar and bishop* J^ }#l i with, light weight wles, the other extensiori' 25c; most of- them 35c; sale price. . ... . . . #*F€r amon j : t h e Rurwan V^ "^^ Mf H
L /'PA I *- cevc$ » 8 - Z!:s 2t0 >4T car5 5TOi> i/^^^A^ t0 '"' m5iitary tnd . concavc hce ' s » patent , W^r zw'/^ 'stamp these pieces \ fret ' 0/ [charge ij 'you ¦^^%f'^^^ Ut W
. lW~&fLA Children's Muslin and Cambric ft leather tip), the .best that can be desire to have them Stamped.. : [(Main Aisled S'STi'idectedSe JJw M
«T fSi*^ Gowoi-rAil with short yoke and .P\ <^^^|w produced to sell at our .'=• price. Hemstitched Ltacns— Do»lie»,« centerpieces, hinch cloths, example, for to-day*. V £/ ,
S f'fj\f\ bishop sleeve, some with dainty ?"* • • •• •' BBBi bureau scarfs, etc., .tamped on plain. /0O to$3mGO ezc h talk - IK^xB
<t /1 \J/ tucks, others with fine embroidery "^^^^eE-*^pjHk* ...••• *P&m%M%M Plain Linens — -Stamped in latest designs for doilies, tray Eton Russian Sailor Suits— The laten norelty from New York, for ages
• V \ -tr trimming, sizes' 2 to 14 vears, „,'* ,»,.»„. w;,vi,,J r j . cloths.Vccntcrpieces; etc. ' ¦. \ .- <5o to 5 /» 0(7 each 3 to 7 T ! an;.it!s the prettysnit, with the 'broad linen eoDar .nd suit
V I. 1 ¦ ¦ en~ a'ob Women'sFd! Juliets— With hand , turned SOlci,, fleece lined t _.VVc*. w;,u u,-^.. iSmifni^IiTiUSini contrasting bow, in red, brown and blue series, and fray, homespons,
XJtJ ru ' '500^85C and fur trimmed.-medium, height heels, the^ kind all ex. ' Tmie * Sola With -.baebi; j.bewtiW .new d"^s, iny ¦• fifI^ dotMng ¦ .^"Sfik yo^jo for?we
K- 'j/t ChIIdrc 5 f$ UnjJerwaists —Of -good. ; clus ive, hoe stores sellat $^25 the pair, here :-, e ' < - h ;*'v -• ;v. •' '•• •- -.^V-fv -?. • : 25p*a±5U_O have markei them -.-... ;. .,_.,:. ..... . ... . . SO.SO
embne and drilling, made full gathered front, doub.e f or .... &&C Gray and .White Lfncns— Handsomely tinted center pieces. Cossack Russian Suit, -In many pretty colors, to be worn with white
row of buttons, sizes I to 14 years, marked. . . . », -"- n^iii: ¦' ' :: gJjL-L "' '"'' '"¦"; * ¦ -" " " ' J • 'inlatcst eflect ....-.-..., . >25O W $2*50 : Hccn eton collars, charmins; litde roio for boy. a % to 6 year, of age,
¦¦'''> '•¦';- -"v '"-N ;: - . 2 5t) ind 5 HO - "^ ? ¦ ¦ ?™ !Jtei»l sf\ '¦ • ' ; ' ' ' ¦¦-'¦•'¦ — ---•"¦-• T -. - .also marked /.......,-. V '.'. $6.50
c k P^§^Si%^B^ M^l^si^Sfes^M*' SS^ssi^rls^^® ¦"¦¦r^^-^-fTn^o-to-^^
ChlWrcnv White Aproiu-OI fine Ia»n, ihort-yolt- , h o« »nd whicl^ prevcm - "^ • irf / <ai|ii > ''.-*»iit r :.h«»cwiii . - g^. v -r--— — — ——— ¦
effirct. French w.m effect, pretty empue •tyle.em. your , kirt f rom getting wet aod muddy. The r .remade rjc.mmi»d_« ,ive good ..tjActor, war, c n .»¦. GrOCerieS—LlttUOrS
broidery trimmed, or. with lace or dainty hemstitchini? X» ; - 7 -; •,->-¦ - , — 6 - ,. 6 . - • t - j l ¦• all this week, per square vard •. . . .: . . . .-. . . ¦ ¦¦ " '.ww» . w<«»-v«<«<«^-v. mmm+jmm%*m - *m
rzes./to.iz years, price . -' , ; •"*"'! of, the very best quality of material |nd cost no more than, MoFavUrlRuSs-1 "ta Oriental dedgn,^>lo^ They bavefi Monday and Tuesday
ngg2.j ESn*. Tcs'l. ":. *%c* *# «p 'jV« '¦!. inferior grades.. ' '..; smooth velvety surface, eaiy to clean, the hand*ome, reveniblc kind, wit- _ ; -V.-_ r u „ i*i .
35c,50c,75c,98o,$f.25*nd$i.75 . l,^ $izc8 ofthcJC rub bers; . . .¦^•50cWlfi *• -biefcr.itW^*«^ - ' - ' : Ki|1 M - l fti ipr - a rt' k ' * ' ,1 * ; 14) i o
Inlants'Bfhs-Grcat. variety . . . . y,5o*$ti39i : Men's sizes of thejerubbefs: 75tY ' -Ri|,r»7«55 : th'i week ...'.¦.- . .$t.OO , Best Lard-Lowest pnee ,et; V*- J *+:S3OI5'*-*
InfanU' Cashmere Shawls- FuU aswrtment ; .75© : Mcn»^cs of these rubbers- . .^. .. _. |, 4 :oo R^,v. 9 ii* fcet,t: ' this week; ;,. :$9.8S i^'^rV 'V * • r •-•,••• 54o; lo-Ib.,
Infants* Kid Bootees— B:tt Make. . . . . . . . 25o to 75o Section J— Right: /•-;¦^ : v . ... ; -, |i6.oo Rug,4io>ii'iVfeet;;th*£weeki-/-v/ ? ;:|:';-:^.';5#f^5; :i .. Ojur finest Coffee— Java and Modba, Ik. ............ Z»O ;
Infant,' Long 'Slips— Either cambrk,. naiiuook or Pef«ian lawn. • -. »"» — --„•¦ « « mmT mmm ""TT 1^' 1^; «» Saleof 'Hajsocks— Made of Bruwel. and Velvet^ in ta«eful design, and Iln P« rte d Castile Soap- Large bars . '".';>>*•¦ •.'*• • • '• • 22ftO
• . ...'..... . . . . . : -, .29© to ss.oa Life of Pope Leo, 43c coloring:; :, \ - - ;; : J 1 " 1^- 8^ E 2 lttn ? r^r. .«H*- - ek « • • • ••• • •**«!
Children's Short Dresses— In cambric, 'nainsook and fine lawn, Thi. '» one of >he greatett book "offer, "ever, made by th'. or any other .tore.'; • '$1:50 Ka!Mck»,«pecial thi, week ..'.;>. .7 .,. . . 39O "WMSKOy SalO— All of ourj choice Rye or Bourbon, that «eU
Kiel from 6 month, to 3 years inclusive, ¦'each; 48 O to '$ 7.98 5 The authentic life '^of,' Pope I^'XIII^conuinmg'aTfuU (account (or the! $iloo"Ha5sock,, % 'special ths week . ;...,." .;f.' . .rTgOo i " regu.arlyj3.50 to l3.ooper ga?., on special ia!e for the ¦ OO
Infants'jTine' Knit Sarques ......... ; ; . ; 69o to $t.75> 'iliustrious^^PonV fTs life^and work, ''' including V'g^phic^deKHption 'W^ St.*- Window! Shades— Harid-rnadc in all the principal] color, nunafacrtired, i-. 1 *?."} 1 •.-••"•.• •/'"•-;¦"* ' * '." '¦''¦¦' ' ' ' ' ' V?««
Infant,* Flannel Sicqne. and Kimonas . . i I . 25O I to S5.OO " Peter', and the'.Vatcan. "J Endowed by' Hi. Eminence Cardinal Gibbonsi 'mounted Ton HaruhofnV , p r n g ; roller,, . guaranteed '; to work in perfect ¦ Yellowstone Whiskey— Either. Rye or. Bourbon, full qtt. . . $ 1.O5
Infant.'. Knit Bootees [ . . '. . . . . ; ;¦ . . . 25O to 98O and Patrxk J^ Ryan. ;¦ Bound in red cloth", /profusely. Uluitratei; : P ub-* ;'; b"rdcT,^3*feet'in width, \ 7] feet long, each vl . .?. . J , . . . . 3GO Cognac Vleu-^For mtdicinal oriCooking pui^es, bottle. ... GoO
In "anu* Knu: Mitten, ..: . .>'....':' -\f.. '-.'-*? 2 BO *<» *7&O K*i&iviM$*:s<Xw?^;i^(^;^.j.:..:.. . .436: -Wewill be'glad to estimate for ."shade, uuiny quantity or »i«» desired. : : Caberntt 6-year old dinner wine, gal. ... . . -oUC
Second Floor.- . ' r \* ' ' -: By •mail 25c extra. , ' : ; Second^Floor^Rearr-^.- , ; : . Relsllng or Burgundy-Choice holiday wine, g,l. . . .... . 58oProvincial Treasurer Dies.
WINNIPEG, Manitoba, Nov. 14— Hon.
J. A. Davidson, Provincial Treasurer, died
to-day. His successor is likely to bo
Hugh Armstrong.
Evans was one of the pioneers of f*e
State and owned thousands of acres of
range land and vast herds of cattle, was
a director of the Bank of Nevada of this
city and president of the "Washoe Power
and Development Company.
RENO, Ker.. Nov. 14.— J. N. Evans,
president of the board of regents of the
State University, and on© of the wealth
iest and most prominent citizens of Ne
vada, dted early this morning from the
effects of a fall sustained yesterday aft
ernoon.
Bich Pioneer Who Was President of
the University Begents Passes
Away, j
NOTED NEVADAN DIES
FBOM INJT/BT BY A FALL
The bonds are -for ten years and will
bear Interest at 6 per cent, payable semi
annually. No less than three financial in
stitutions have already expressed a desire
to take them. TVlth the money realized
from their sale the trustees will pay off
all indebtedness on the school building
and grounds. It is the property formerly
used for St. Margaret's Girls' School. The
grounds about the High and Grammar
schools will then be connected and thrown
Into a public park with separate play
grounds for the sexes.
SAN MATEO, Nov. 14.— The vote in fa
vor^ of a bond issue of $23,000 for the San
Mateo Union High School to-day was al
most unanimous, ttiere being but nine
cast against' the measure. The vote was
small on account of bad weather. .
Only Nine Ballots Against the Meas
ure to Settle School In
debtedness.
SAN MATEO CITIZENS
VOTE FOB BOND ISSUE
VENTURA, Nov. 14.— Thieves made a
big haul at the Great Eastern dry goods
store laet night. Several hundred dollars'
worth of goods was stolen. The thieves
entered the building through the skylight,
using a painter's rope to lower them
selves. The plunder was carried out the
back door. An alley nins from a side
street to the rear of the building.
The men evidently took their time In
doing the work, as they made a choice se
lection of overcoats, suits of clothes and
other wearing- apparel. The cash register
was robbed of some $20 In s,mall change.
It is believed that the plunder was hauled
away In a buggy.
THIEVES HAVE A CARE
FOB THE BEST BAIMENT
Choice Selection of Clothing in the
Plunder of Ventura
Marauders.
This will probably be the final legal ac
tion In the famous mint robbery, for
which two men served terms In the peni
tentiary. Adams was superintendent of
the institution at the time the theft was
discovered, but at the time of the crim
inal cases It was proven that the bullion
had been taken during his predecessor's
administration. The bondsmen of the lat
ter had been exonerated before Adams
took charge of the mint, hence the Gov
ernment could bring no action against
them.
-.CARSON CITY, Nev.. Nov. 14.— A suit
has been brought in the United States
District Court here by the Government
against Jewett Adams and bondsmen to
recover $7000, which was stolen from the
mint some years ago. Judge Hawley set
the case for trial on December 16. TV. E»
F. Deal and former Congressman TVIlllam
TVoodburn are counsel for Adams and
Sardis Summerfleld represents the Gov
ernment.
Government Takes Action Against
Jewett Adams to Recover a
Large Stun.
CABSON COUET CASE
BECAUiS MINT BOBBERY
PETALUMA, Nov. 14.— A wholesale and
sensational swindle was successfully con
ducted in this city last night by a couple
of strangers, a man and a woman.
The swindle wu operated by the bogus
cheqk plan. Nearly a dozen merchants
were victimized for ;: mounts ranging from
$10 to $25. The checks were forged with
the name of F. A. Mec'aam, son of a well
known capitalist, H. Mecham of ' Stony
Point. The checks were made payable to
L. Humne. Among those victimized were
A. "W. Agnew; TV. Keig, a shoe man; L.
Solarl, Egan Broa. and Hugh Roberts,
grocers; A. R. Coulsons, feed merchant,
and Ed Ayers, a butcher.
The man and woman visited several
others, but their checks were refused.
The fraud was not detected until after
banking hours to-day. .
Aside from Hark Twain. Dan de Qullle,
Joe Goodman and Charles Goodwin, Alf
Doten was one of the best known of the
coterie of brilliant newspaper writers
which at one time made the Virginia' City
Enterprise one of the brightest papers in
this country. From that day to the time
of his death he had been engaged in lit
erary and journalistic work in this State.
He leaves a wife, Mrs. Mary S. Doten
of Reno, and four children— Mrs. Grant
Barton of Cupertino, Cal.; Miss Goodwin
Doten of Reno, Professor Samuel B. Do
ten of the University of Nevada and
Alfred Doten, . now connected with the
Flanlgan Warehouse Company.
Alf Doten was born at Plymouth, Mass.,
July 21, 1829, and was in his seventy-fifth
year. His parents were direct descendants
of the Pilgrim Fathers!" In the earlier
part of his life he attended school, served
an apprenticeship as a carpenter, went
one summer to the Grand Banks of New.
foundland codflshing, and, finally, shipping
as a boy tar, sailed In 1S49 for California,
where he arrived on the 2d of October
of that famous year, and started at once
for the gold fields.
He spent thirteen years prospecting for
gold in various parts of California. In
June, 1563, he came to Nevada and located
at Como, about eighteen miles from Vir
ginia City, where he commenced his news
paper career as contributor to the Como
Sentinel and Virginia Dally Union. . He
became editor 'of the latter in 1864. Two
years later he was employed by Joe Good
man as an editorial writer on the Vir
ginia Enterprise. Later on he became
editor of the Gold Hill News. On July 24,
3S74, he married in an open boat on the
waters of Lake Tahoe. -'!'':^ V, :
was eo near.
CARSON CITY, Nev., Nov. 14.— Alf Do
ten, the veteran Journalist and dean of
the newspaper men of this State, is dead.
He was found lifeless In his room yester
day afternoon. Although • he had . been
gradually falling in health for some years
no one thought the termination of his life
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Forged Checks Used to De
ceive Nearly a Dozen
Merchants.
Days.
Eventful Life of Associate of
Mark Twain in Early
Alf Doten, One of Ne
vada's Newspaper
•' ; Men? Dead.
Petaluma Business Men
Are Victimized by
Strangers.
KEEN SWINDLERS
GATHER MONEY
NOTED WRITER'S
CAREER CLOSES
BLOOMINGTON. 111., Nov. 14.— Frank
Lester, superintendent of the Home Tele
phone Company at Urbana, I1L, was elec
trocuted' there last night while working:
at the ; top of a pole. His wife witnessM
the accident and was prostrated. Lester
was divorced from his first wife about
two weeks ago and the day following the
granting of the divorce was married to
Miss Grace Harmison of St. Joseph.
Wife Sees Hex Husband Killed.
HIGH SCHOOLS MAY
SOON DO COLLEGE WORK
President Harper of University of
Chicago Makes an Interesting
Prediction.
CHICAGO. Nov. 14.— "Ten years from
now the high schools all over the country
will nave added fifth and sixth years and
will be doing the college work which now
falls to the first two years of the col
lege courses. In Michigan and Minne
sota the State^ universities are accepting
work done in many of the high schools
for the first year of college study. I
have not a shadow of a doubt that the
high schools are going to do collega work
In the future." President William R.
Harper of the University of Chicago has
made this prediction' in a session of the
principals and deans of the 200 high
schools and academies affiliating and co
operating with the University of Chicago.
The president made this statement in the
course of a discussion on tho Question of
university credits given for high ; school
work in English composition.
A resolution was adopted that hereafter
the . university should allow \ three en
trance units' for three years* preparatory
school work in rhetoric,, and one year
of provisional . college credit for college
rhetoric ' done ' In the high schools. This
action was taken on the basis of tho re
port made by Professor Robert Her/ick,
who is ' at the head of the ' rhetoric sec
tion of the university. It was consid
ered to be in ; line with the general trend
of the entire conference.
NEW YORK. Nov. 14.— Debenture
bonds of the Lake Shore and Michigan
Southern . Railway, authorized - last week
to the extent of $50,000,000, hare been
taken under contract, according to the
Herald, by J. P. Morgan & Co. It Is like
ly that a large block will be taken
abroad and the balance underwritten by
a local syndicate. At a special meeting
of the Lake Shore directorate the plan
for marketing the bonds has been dis
cussed and approved. At the meeting h«.il
last week a debenture bond Issue of $50.
000,000, bearing interest of 4 per cent per
annum, was authorized to care for tno
unfed debt of the company. The greater 5
part of this debt was incurred by th»
purchase of large holdings of stock in
other lines acquired by Kuhn, Loeb &
Co.. for the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.
The notes for the stock, aggregating 125,
000,000, mature In. January. .
Large Block of Lake Shore and Michi
gan Southern Securities Will
Go Abroad.
J. PIERPONT MORGAN
TAKES DEBENTURE BONDS
PLAN. TO PROSECUTE
ELECTION CRIMINALS
Denver Committee Proposes a Method
by vWhich Frauds May Be
Averted.
DENVER, Now 14.— Lucius "W. Hoy t.
Republican; Henry K.: Brown, Republican,
and Guy Leroy'Stevick, Democrat, a com
mittee from : the Honest Election League,
waited upon \ District Attorney Llndsl ey
to-day and a sked him to set a time for
discussing with themia plan for,;proscut
ing election criminals. The r committee
had in hand I evidence in several cases of
alleged frauds at the last two elections,
which ; it : is proposed ", to prosecute. : Mr.
Llndsley assured, the committee that he
believed matters could be arranged satis
factorily and another, conference will ba
held some day, next week. ;- ',
The. same committee applied to the Su
preme Court Judges, asking: them to sit
as individual . examining . magistrates ' on
election day or during, registration and
attend to any cases of ' fraud that the
league might bring before them. The
court has given no answer. ,_ Two of the
Judges have;; , privately expressed the
opinion : that* some ; measure of ; this kind
should' be adpoted. ;
NEGRO ACCUSED OP ;
ASSAULT IS AOQXnTTED
Evidence Shows That Man Charged
Was Not at Scene of
-'": Crimed -,'- : '; .
NEW YORK.' Nov. j 14.— Edward Green,
a : Mount negro, : errestedVa Vfew
days' ago • on the charge^ of havinglatv
tacked '> young white woman employed
as ; secretary' by : former State Senator L
N>^Mill3,;has; been acauitted. i u'\:
. Green l was threatened i with ' lynching by
the people of Bronxville Wednesday night
after., ; the '} girl ?- had t positively ; Identified
himi as • her assailant. Now ' thie • citizens
are f thankful sthat " they waited until the
case was ''tried. . "¦'¦, r " '¦¦-.
*: ; Mayor Fisk ¦ arid members of : his family
testified: that' Green was at his house. on
a > political ! l mission , at s . the hour ;. the as
sault*occurred. V-". :'-<r- v - " •¦
Conviction in Extortion Case.
: ' DES MOINES, ¦ lawa, Nov.; 14.— The Jury
In the caseof . Constable' John 1 Dalley, < ac
cused *of having; committed 'extortion,'! to
day . brought . in > a s verdict 'of ; guilty. =* Sen
tence was deferred.' -..¦',• "¦ • r
ROME, Nov. 14.— The campaign which
Deputy 'Fejrri, editor of the Socialist pa
per Avariti, has been' carrying on for
some time against the present Cabinet,
which practically caused the suicide of
Minister of Finance Rossani, November
8, at his home In Naples, especially , at
tacking Senator Roux as the friend of
Signor Giolitti, proprietor of the Tribuna,
the leading Government organ, had an
outcome to-day in an assault by Roux's
son on Signor Ferri. The former asked the
latter if he did not think it was time to
mind his own business and Ferrl simply
shrugged hU shoulders, whereupon
young Roux rushed at him. The Deputy
struck his assailant on the nose with a
cane, producing a violent hemorrhage.
Young Roux, however, still attacked Ferrl
and ; pummeled . him severely until they
were separated by the police and specta
tors. | ;^; ; .;. ; ™ : . ¦ ... :'
Han Who Drove Rossani to Suicide
Is Severely Chastised by a
Friend of Cabinet.
SOCIALIST EDITOR
BEATEN BY SENATOR
DENVER, Colo., Nov. 14.— Officers of
the State Humane Society have stopped
the killing of beef by Hebrew butchers on
account of the alleged cruelty of the
"Kosher" method. A' conference of rep
resentatives and officers of the Humane
Society will be held probably Monday and
an effort ..will be made to evolve some
method of killing which will satisfy the
demands of both the Hebrews and the
Humane Society officers. '.
Butchers Must Be Humane.
Mr. Pierce was one of the most versa
tile, best read and best informed men In
the community, an authority on a wide
range of subjects, a : most entertaining
conversationist and of charming yet
vigorous and keen personality. A gentle
man of the best type, honorable and loyal
in all his dealings, high minded, always
thoughtful of those about him. he will be
greatly missed by all who knew him. He
leaves a wife, Sally McKee Pierce, daugh
ter of the late Judge' McKee.
In 1886 Mr. Pierce came to . California,
since which time he pursued..a business
career' of uniform success. At the time
of his death he was, in addition to presi
dent of the Willamette Pulp and Paper
Company, a director in the San Francisco
National Bank. / '
Mr. Pierce had been In poor health for
some months, and though the end was an
ticipated his death came as a great loss
to the many friends who knew him. ;.
The deceased was born in Maine, edu>
cated at Bowdoin College, class of '75, and
at Harvard law school. He spent several
years in the practice of law in the office
of Judge E. R. Hoar at Boston, Mass.,
but on account of his health gave up the
law for farming and engaged in the
breeding of thoroughbred Jersey cattle,
acquiring within a short time one of the
prize- winning herds of New England.. He
was one of the most expert judges of Jer-
Beys'in the country.
away early yesterday morning at
his home, 137* Vernon street, Piedmont,
Oakland. . " .... ¦
ORESTES PIERCE, late president
of the Willamette Pulp and Paper
Company and director of the San
Francisco National Bank, passed
Orestes Pierce Leaves Many
Friends Who Mourn His
Death.
• Bromley Davenport is the Financial
Secretary of the War Office. He is 40
and has been in Parliament for seven
teen years. He went to South Africa
with the yeomanry. •
Lord Salisbury is the new Lord Privy
Seal. He is 42 and has been fifteen years
in Parliament. He fought in South Af
rica. He has only recently ceased to be
Lord Cranborne.
A, H. Lee is the Civil Lord of the
Admiralty. He Is 36 and has been an offi
cer, of artillery and a professor of tactics.
The , Marquis of Hamilton is Treasurer
of the Household. lie is the heir of the
Duke~of Abercorn and Is 34. He ls in the
Life Guards. . ;,-";'-.
E. G. Pretyman, Parliamentary Secre
tary to the Admiralty, is 44, and has been
eight years in Parliament. He was once
in the artillery and is still a volunteer.
Lord Balcarres is Junior Lord of the
Treasury. He is 32 and the heir of the
Earl of Crawford. I He has been eight
years in Parliament. His tastes are ar
tistic and literary.
Victor Cavendish Is the new Financial
Secretary of the Treasury. He i3 35, the
heir of the Duke of Devonshire and the
son-in-law of Lord Lansdowne. He has
been In Parliament since 1891.
Earl Percy, the Under Secretary for
Foreign Affairs, is the heir of the Duke
of No. 'humberland and is 32. He has
traveled in the East and has written a
book. \/ ; - : .-;- : •-.^¦¦ V ;.C
LONDON, Nov. 14.— The minor members
of Mr. Balfour's reconstructed Ministry
are, perhaps, stronger than those who
form. the Cabinet. They are all Mr. Bal
four's selections and all meet the indorse
ment of the party.
Premier Balf onr's Selections Are
'Young Men of Great Force of
Character.
MINOR MEMBEBS OF
„ MINISTBYABjE STRONG
SIgnor Tlttoni, the Italian Foreign Min
ister, who accompanies his sovereign to
England, will, while here, confer with
Foreign Secretary Lansdowne, and prob
ably in relation to Abyssinia, and It - is
just possible that another arbitration
similar to ' the Anglo-French treaty may
result. ¦ '. :? •':I.r.-/.'-«. v?v ':.
LONDON, Nov. 14.— King Victor Emman
nuel and* Queen Helena of Italy, who are
to arrive in London November 17, will be
received with great ceremony. At Ports
mouth" all : the home fleet will be assem
bled and a great naval demonstration will
take place upon their Majesties' arrival.
The royal visitors will leave England on
November 21. '.' ¦ . • ' . •
CHERBOURG. Nov. 14. — An anarchist
named Lambin was arrested to-day. The
arrest created great excitement In view of
the approaching arrival here of the Queen
and King, of Italy, on their way to Eng
land.; The prisoner arrived at Cherbourg
two days ago and was recognized by the
Paris police sent to'watch over the safety
of the Italian sovereigns, as a dangerous
anarchist.
Italy's Sovereigns Will Be
Given Grand Welcome *
at London.
Dangerous Character Is
Seized by the Paris
Police.
ANARCHIST ON
TRIAL OF KING
Lord'Bobejrts Besting; WelL
LONDON/- Nov. ; U.~Ix>ri I Roberts, ; who
Js | suffering >. *rom pneumonlar? passed ~ a
good | night % and :. is ,. making * ea-tlsf actory
progress, toward recovery, ... * '
THE SAN FB AN CISCO O ALL, SUN D A: Y, NOVEMBER 1 5, 1903.
PROMINENT
MERCHANT
SUCCUMBS
ORESTES PIERCE. WHO
PASSED : AWAY YESTERDAY
AT, HIS HOME IN OAKLAND.
22
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I WILL GIVE $1000
iI^j i|. If I fail to cure my
R^^, CANCER
or tumor I treat
w> , Tli JBaL before it poisons
7 *^ No Pain!
W Ho Pay Until Gored
*^™^B Jfi- n *° T"*** I have cured more
** Jl cancers than any other doctor
living. Wby experiment with the
kto Jfc ---r*S''^ I swlndllnr X B»y or home treat-
k s >SSI^'^ ySb^ meet until p*-«» cure,
PSS^^/^n «nu7i8in i! tEcaiE ttuurs.
K^2^5^ANYLUMPINA
WOMAN'S BREAST IS GANGER
They always poison the rlsnds ia the armpit
and aboulder; then cure la often Unpossl ble. Anj
tcajor, lump or sore oa the LIP. FACE or »ny-
v-bera six months ls nearly always cancer.
They never pain until almost past cure.
120 PAGE BOOK SENT FREE.
witbermptoms and testimonials of thousands
crcr*d whom you can see and talk with.
Dr.S. R. CHAMLEY <& CO.
•• Strictly Reliable.'* Two Lady Assistant*.
25 Third St., San Francisco, Cal.
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER
ANDRDf T USHER
Is Invariably used by
those \ appreciating good
I Scotch Whisky |
Wflli&rh Wolff 4 Co.. San Fr^oscO
feh EXPERT OPTICIANS. /&&
\j\ M^E OCOLIST'S Y[l
jp^* Prescription **\*\
/*yEYE GLASSES N
JLJ At Moderate Cost, vj
0 visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
OF ANATOMY^
a Q) , ::n xisxxz n. t«. 6ti«?^, z.r.zti A
T r^r The Largest Aauoauol Masecai iu thr \
A —l^r~ World, ttaluctwt cr ii.jr coDtracted A
ygs £51 d:se»»e p. ml «l*^l y carrJ hy thr o'.acjt '
0 |PmI bptaiiist on the Com. E»t. 34 rcirv. Q
A &%$*l OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ I fCt?5 8 Cor«n!t»tioo free and ttnctljr prirate. \
A I Jf^w' fl Trwmeni penonally or bjr Inter. A a
\ I tf Tw Ij Fimott Curt a erery cat* undert* k ea. T
AmS HssS Ur# « f <* Baek - FK1LOROPBT mX A
V • H tl* B1BIUGE, MMLES rtXS. (AT
A & 11 »»!u«blt book for mm) \
¥ en. JObDIH A to.. lOSl Market SC.S. P. V
&$& fia^I^ & El V
OCZAJN" TRAVEL.
vtfJg^v^ 6teamers leave Saa rran-
* /t y^x-*V cisco u follows:
ArJL^ _ \<A For Ketchlkan, "Wrangel,
/dy^S^^SI ¦'•*! Jur-eau, Hs-ines, Eka«"ws.y.
M \laJS>% 1 I *'" : .. Alaska— 11 a. m.. Not.
1 I VRHtM/.i 7. 12. IT. 22. 27. Dec. 2.
Vsr\ \\ * JLQ/ Change to company's steam-
VSts*' _s£.W ere at Seattle.
VflSsrVJJ^ For Victoria, Vancouver.
s * -*^ Port Townsend Seattle. Ta-
coma, Bverett. Whatcom— 11 a. m.. Nor. 7.
12 17. 22, 27. Dee. 2— Change at Seattle to
this company's steamer* for Alaska and G. N.
Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma to If. P. Ry.i at
Vaaoourer to C. P Ry.
For Eureka <Hum»)o2(5t Bay>— Pomona. 1:30
p. xa.. Nov. 6. 12. 18. 24. 30. Dec 6; Corona,
1:30 p. m.. Nov. ». 15. 21. 27. Dec. 3.
For Lorn Angeles ata Port Ixw Angeles aad
rUaondo). San Diego and Sacta Barbara
Banta Hosa. Sundays. « a. m.
State of California. Thursdays S a. tn.
For Los Anre'es (via Ban Pedro and East
Ban Pedro). Si* a. Barbara. Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, 8a» £¦ Wjb. Carucos. Port Harford (San
Luis O** jo t Ventura and Hueneme.
Coct *>ay. S a. m.. Nor. 9. 17. 25, Deo. 8.
Bocita. 9 a m.. Nov. 5. 13. 2J, 29. Dec. 7.
For Snsecada. Magdalena Bay San Jose del
Cabo. Vj Titian. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
•alla. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. in.. 7th of each
month.
For forther Information obtain folder.
Iilcht Is reserved to change steamers or eail-
J&g dates,
TICKET OrTICES- 4 New Montpom-
ery street (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street and
Broadway wharves.
Freight offlce. 10 Market etreet.
C. T>. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent,
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. /?. & N. CO.
"Colombia" sails Nov. 0, 19. 29. Deo. 9. 1»,
29. ?'George W. E3d>-r" sails Nov. 14. 24.
Dee. 4, 14. 24. Only steamship line to PORT-
LAND, OR., and ahort rail line from Portlaad
to all points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or cteamshlp and rail at LOW-
EST RATES. Steamer tickets Include berth
and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st.
UULO. 8. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass.
Dept., 1 Montgomery «t-: C. CLIFFORD, Gen.
Agt. Freight Dept.. 8 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHTP CO.)
eteamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Braanan street*, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
aad HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, aad connecting »t
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc No
oargo received en board on day of sailing
a B. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday, December 3. 1903
& & NIPPON' MARU (Calling at Manila)
.- Wednesday, December SO 1903
8. B. AMERICA MARU
Monday, January 23. 1904
Ma Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pacy*s office, 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H, AVERT. General Agent.
oecMiesaxo.ss
8. B. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday, Nor. 19. 2 p. tn.
6 6. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Nor. 2S.11 a.m.
8. a MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. 7>«c. 1. 11 a. m.
fr*£tl3a.UI SutttLK* h. 7. fidl IL
tCJKPAGNIE GEKEBiLE TKlHSATUJmQTK
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Balling every Thursday Instead of
EaturCiLy. *t 10 a, m.. trom Pier 42. *3s*eB5 j
North River, foot of Morton street. - -. :
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. 145 and upward.'. GEN-
ERAL AGENCT FOR? UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 22 Broadway , (Hudson Building).
New Tork. J. F. FCGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
A rent a, g ¦ Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents. , ¦
atar* Island anfl VaUeJo Stasjners.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTTCELLO—
9:45 a- tn., 3:15 and 6:80 p. m., except Sunday. !
Sunday. 8:45 a,' tn.,' 8:30 p.* m. \ Leave .Vallejo,
7 a. m., 12:B0 and. 8 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. ' Fare, 60 c«Dts. ' TeL ,
Mala 1506. Pier 2, siUsslon-st. dock. HATCH i
SEE THE FULL PAGE
PHOTOGBAPHIC
PHANTASY
IN THE
NEXT SUNDAY CALL'S
BEAUTIFUL
THANKSGIVING EDITION.
.ADVEETISEaHEMTTS.
§ Cures the Afflicted I
QUICKLY AND PERMANENTLY. |
Seventeen Years* Successful Practice Has Es- |l
tablished Beyond All Question My Abilityto ||
Cure. My Methods pi Treatment Overcome ij
the Worst Cases of Neglect, Mistreatment IJ
and Ali Contracted Disorders. jj
I h*T« oiired mor* man than «ay other physician en U
th» coast. My treatment* *r» more rational, more mod- m
ern and more effective than any physician practicing tn M
- ' - the -West. 1 1 not only relieve-.- but absolutely, and perm*- LI
nently ,cur» all diseases and weakness of men. Including H
stricture varlcocele, contagious blood poison, - contracted \m
i- . aliments, loss of . vitality, nervoua debility. - kidney and M
.' bladder troubles, etc fl -
¦' One personal ' visit ' U' always * preferred, but. If you cannot call at my offle*. B
« write me your (rymptoms fully. Many eases can b« cured at borne. VREB BOOK M
describing my, specialty at-offlc* or by mall. Charges reasonable. Satisfactory ar« |.J
' ' * rangements made * for ' credit. ' " ' c|
«L i. .* — "V~f? -JT'^T . ¦ * : Kotu*,» to8 SAily; Sunday 9 to 13. Jh
ADVEBTISE2£ENTS.
\ 818-82O/AAPK^T ST.. FPAHQ5CO. g
I Again we place within your crasp a number of bargains that are een- o
» uine reductions. A glimpse of these articles advertised will satisfy you o
9 that they are as we say. ¦ -¦'' O
I RIRRRN^ AT HAIF PRIfiF An excellent quality of Fancy Ribbon Q
» nlDDUnd Al HALr rnlUt, - m the stap i c 5 hades. from Vx to 4* o
% inches wide; regular price 20c; on sale ...10c yard ©
9 ¦'' All pure silk French Ribbons, 3 to 5 inches wide, in all shades: ree- O
I ular 30c yard; on sale at. • ; • • f S
* '" Fancy Ribbons. 3 inches wide; all shades; regular 12c yard, g
{ On sale at........ Oc yard g
a MUSLIM" GOWNS — Made of cam- CORSET COTTEBS — Made of cam- O
% brie or muslin; V high or square brtc, with V or circular neck. 9
v neck; trimmed with lace or em- trimmed with embroidery or hem- 0
; broidery: 12 styles to select from. stitched lawn ruffle. Reg- 30c q
' Reg:. $1.60; on sale Sl.OO. value; cut in half to. li>c, g
t „,„„ *Lf;il;;^jr-'^-j '» 35o-ClMBBIC and LAWV COK- ©
9 VTUSUat DRAWEES — Made of SST COVESS. V and circular 2
» muslin, with hemstitched ruffle neck, trimmed with embroidery; 5
I ;^of cambric. Reg. 40c; on sale.25c ' 10 different styles to select from. |*
I MUSiasr- SDBTS— IMade of cam- at / • 35c g
9 brie, with wide umbrella ruffle. 49c — CORSET COTTEES, made of
9 trimmed with cluster of fine lawn, lace Insertions and tucks *f
I tucks, with embroidery edge. Reg. In back and front, finished with ©
} <1.00; on sale at .-.,.- 75c lace edge 4&C each ©
I HOUSEHOLD SPECIALS O
9 MI1.I.ES OIL HSATEZ — A neat nickel-plated lamp, with an adjustable ©
j cylinder; can be used for heating or lighting. Reg. $3; special. .SZZ.3S *~
9 TABI.E OILCLOTH — Beautiful new designs in dark, with rich colorings. **
9 Reg. 25c; special 21c yard V
I COAT HANGERS — Hard wood, copper wire, with crook to shape collar. 2
I Reg, price 5c; special « He J~
\ ADVAMCE HOLIDAY BARGAINS IN OUR TOY DEPARTMENT •
I 2Tot space enottsrli to advertise thetn nor windows ea.on.z~h to snow ®
I them. ASK TO SEE THEM. ' 2
\ A BOOK SNAP. HIW GAMES 15c. _
? Any of the following 5-volume sets, in Cycling, Street Car, Detective, Glar.t X
9 clotb binding-, nicely boxed. Repilar Killer, Stock Exchange, Mice and g
) price $1. 60; on sale, the set 79c Cheese, Snap Roulette, Dollars and O
J - B-vol. nets by Marie Corelll. Cents, Sports. Tourists. Cake Walk and A
Z 5-vol. sets by Hawthorne. many others; all la cleg-ant boxes. 9x1 s;
r 5-vol. sets by Mary J. Holmes. 230 other games. Just received; JJ
9 5- vol. sets by Henty. from 3c to #l.5«» W
9 ,o 5 " v ? K ¦%? U> J >Y , Fe H more Co °P er - .„ „_ See our new Combination Game Boards. ©
| 13 vols. by Bulwer Lytton.. J3.C5 23 games ..flJJO O
k Shakespeare, complete. 3 vols $1.25 t ., _ ,. n „ ««^« A
' 6 vols. by Bronte 81.6.1 Others. 65 to 100 games, from ?1*-'O 9
9 5 vols. by Julia Ewing $1.45 to...... $»...» W
I 5 vola. by L. T. Meade $1.45 10-rame Crokonole Boards, handsome fin- 0
| 6 vols. by George Eliot $l.t»3 iah 91^25 0
t NOTE THESE TWO: '. O
) Uttle Dr. Victoria and Polly'a Lion, by TBAVIEkEBS. ATTXlTTZOSt O
9 tfm't.Sf^f^i: neV " B ° ld le8S Trunks at factory prices to make room ©
I fl.W each; on sale .4oe tnr „. -rT n jM av fcnnA* A
J The above two books have been ap- for oar HoIlaay Goofla - g
9 ¦ proved by various public educational '' "•¦ 9
) boards throughout the State and recom- GO CARTS AND BABT CARRIAGE A
) mended for both boys and girls. SPECIAL. SALE continued this week. 0
{ EN rVES, BAZOSS AZTD SKSASS GEOXHSTD AND EEPAIBED, 2
| PICTURE FBAMIS OP AT.T. DESCBXPTIOZTS MADE TO OBDEB.
)9909-9090-9'99fti0-90<9mQ9999%99<99-999009>999>999t99
iGO»oe«9oeoo9oeo®eo&OG099Gooooooe«ooo90 v oe90o
I Carpets and Ru^s !
9 Beautiful Axiriinster and Velvet Rugs in all the latest Oriental 0
» designs and effects. Call and examine them and see the fine display 0
I on our new rug exhibitors. Our stock of carpets is specially selected O
I from the leading looms of the country, and in it you will find the O
I very best of material and up-to-date patterns at 20 per cent lower g
t figures than anywhere else, as we have no rent to pay and give oar 5
9 patrons- the benefit in low prices and easy payments. 0
I The J. Noonanf urmture Co. I
{1017-1023 MISSION STREET, Nea ? b N ° e v w e liSoffice. 5
UQQoeoeooogog>CQ ooogogogoeoQOOOCOOOQQC900copo
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
flllMj&NOTIisT^
fliiP / i Fl /HWF '
" V/ y//y '//////) j////iaffl^ SltrW Tho Human Moths that hover around the poisonous flame of th«
////////////// 1/ fnlimWk it Ih Whisky Bottle are creatures of Disease. Time and again the fatal
V/V7////M yillfm&9^AWk ?£ me baS s } n S ed them. Myriads of their fellows fall stricken by
V ////////// I ImiWSWIm consuming fire, but the fuel that feeds the flame— the Burning
/////////M / Immm \Wm £ hIr8 V°!; Drl ?^~ lure ? "2 em 8l0wl y but surely into the raging
v//////MMln\\\f^i 111 H Jwafts th? WhJsk m> Moth aDd " lntO the horrld gutter that
WMll/M/lM\fM I 111 ttt J 1 ,' 18 h ?*, cra8 yi" g J , f °F Alcoho1 that the drinking man to th«
/M WlMll Wfm I II Whisky Bottle— the desire that parches his throat and racks his
f'//J W/l/ 1 II MwBk I 'l R nerves. LJquor ls his religion, his solace, his very life. The crav-
/ VA Y/'/y^UJi MEmm i \?*iJ Or , D S Ink , *? enthroned as ruler of Brain and Destiny. If the
y //} Jj^A/Wi\[Wr^i IM VM Bo i tle . ls de nied him. he may. after dreadful mental and physical
jf~ m/nl InlSs) KS IM fu ffe^ ln »5v tfraP 0 "-"^. abstain, but until the craving for Alcohol—
Wv IV W 1 1 //.MM IB H the Habit— is destroyed the desire, which is the chief symptom of
VJf XHI/LJ JsS-I In ',i the disease of inebriety, is there, and the victim's single hope for
A j X5>£//l/|lfs ill B salvation is a scientific cure. *
l/l/l^i /^^l -^1^^ has demonstrated that the disease of Alcoholism is readily
// f/S^tk inl cured. His treatment not only speedily, easily and safely an-
' fflSgfltm, Bl^^mB tagonlzcs the "habit"— the craving fon Alcohol, but, by virtue of
mS&SJffl \^ftsiHfl efficiency, restores the disordered physical and mental func-
BjfS E3a£i jsjffiiallffl tlons to their normal condition. Within fourteen years he has
nSa Imft WwSSmiM cured 12,300 Drinking men. who are now sober, respected mem-
HiiBa •> \. bers of 8ocicty, ready and willing to .testify to the perfection of
E~ 1: 'i|j*l f | i :-'--f. f '" ¦ '. Dr. McKanna's Cure. " v iO
W\8m ¦ $$ ' DR. J. J. McKA-NNA
W^W \V1 P^* 14 GEARY STRECTi SAN FRANCISCO
Im'^B ' e 0 ri 2»nal and Only 3-Day Cure for the Liquor Habit.
KwEBll Open Day, Night and Sundays.
HBJJBwjl OTiH Sanitariums: Chicago, III.; Kansas City, Mo.; Oklahoma City, O. T.;
' ' " r " Des Moines, la.; Seattle Wash.
lllH^^alJIB^H DR. McKANNA'S BOOK ON ALCOHOLISM SENT ON REQUEST.Manzanita's Banquet
Manzanita Tribe of the Improved Order
B. Anderson, a sailor, was booked at the
City Prison -yesterday afternoon by De
tective Bailey on a charge of forgery. He
is accused of having forged the name of
Captain Calhoun, a retired shipmaster, at
present lying seriously ill at the Waldeck
Sanatorium, to a check for $20. which he
tried to pass on a saloon-keeper at 23 East
street on November 4.
Booked for : Forgery.
Homestead district, for $400; 25x100 on the
north line of I street,. 82:8. feet east of
Forty-eighth avenue, to Thomas F. Gtblin.
DES-MOINTSS. la., Nov. 11— Charles 1>.
Bevington. a millionaire farmer and poli
tician, dropped dead at Butler, Ma, last
evening. He built the Des Moinea and
Wlnterset Southern Railway.
Millionaire Drops Dead.
of Red Men last night celebrated an anni
versary of its institution by giving its
members and t*e great chief residing in
this city a banquet in a Powell-street res
taurant. There' were a number of the
members present, and. after a good repast
there was a flow of oratory from .th»
great chiefs - and prominent members ot
the tribe in response to sentiments sug
eested by Toastmaster Kennedy.
of Pine street* 150 feet west of Franklin,
to cost $22,000. ; - •¦ ... ' -¦ '.¦ 5,'
, Oscar v Heyman will build . cottages on
the west' line 'of "Fifth -'avenue,' south of
California' street; on tho north aide of A
street, west- of Seventh avenue. . and on
the north side of Point Lobos avenue, be
tween Fifteenth and Sixteenth avenues.
GOOD : SIZED DEALS.
: Through the agency of Florin K Jones
& Co.. 76:9x75 feet: on J the "east line of
Sixth street, -57 feet north of Harrison,
with a 'three-story .building renting for
$230 per month has been sold to William
Mulke for $38,000. '
: Henry Stern of David' Stern & Sons re
ports, the sale for Dr. J. D. Wilson of the
406:1 feet on Fulton avenue and 125 feet on
Stanyan . street,-: two corners and Blxteen
lots, for about $37,000. . Mr. , Stern also" re
ports the following sales:
- Northwest corner of Vallejo and Pierce
streets. > 75 feet on Pierce- by 100 feet on
Vallejo," from- Thomas McDonald and M.
J. Newmark-to William Curie tt and^wlfe
for ; $8500 ; ¦ northwest corner > of ; Harrison
street and Mariposa . terrace, 50x43, . from
Denis Redmond to S. , S. Herrick for
$3700; property belonging to the; Gordon
estate on the east line of Capp street, be
tween Eighteenth and Nineteenth, 30x122:6,
to ''j Frank ft Franciscovltch, 4 ' on ? ; private
terms ; property belonging k to thW Crogan
estate . on , tha^ north line . of - E<ldy . street,
between Flllmore and Steiner, to Mies
Hufschmidt/; 27:6x137:6, ; price "i $4750.
Sol i Getz ;• & ¦' Son report the ; following
sales:"" • r-/ : r '; ::'¦'¦ «"'-' : . : ".:
;.-- Lots ; 50x120 : on the west line of ; Forty
seventh avenue, ¦. 225 ',¦ feet south ; of H
street; ; 25x120 , on ' the east line'; of Tenth
avenue. .150 feet" south of "J street/ for
$1000; 60x100 on. the south" line of H street,
82:6 feet east of Forty-seventh avenue, to
P, IS.'i'EatGnj; 25x120 .on- the west' line ,'6f
Forty-seven th .avenue. . 75 feet south of K
street^UoiB.'F. Dunnells;. 25x100 on; the
south f line . of •: J ¦ street, 1^ 32:6 ' feet least of
Tenth'avenue,* to J.^Cphn'for $1000; 32:b'xlOo
on w the j northwest "corner of • I ; street "and
Forty-seventh avenue to F." Gottfried; 25x
100 -. th© southwest > line : of Brazil ; ave-^
nue, near Lisbon street, in the . Excelsior
i ChaiiesMarrell will erect on." the south
l!ne ,. f Post » street ; ? 155 ; f eet ¦ west i of • Ma
son, a six-story structure to contain six
ty-five rooms and to cost $55,000. . : ':.¦¦
\ ¦ Contracts ;, : have •' been ¦-' awarded for the"
construction ¦*. of "a', twelve-story. -building
for, Jose Costa on \ the south .- lin© of . Ellis
street,; 137:6 i feet east ofMaaon. ¦
fi Gabriel ;/Abraham\ will ; build a three
story apartment '¦, housa on the ; south . lino
G. H.:Umbsen & Co. will auction realty ,
to-morrow. .
Next, Thursday the Von Rheln Real Es
tate" Company will hold a credit auction.'
The offerings will be many. The terms:
¦wlll.be one-fifth' cash. The principal of
ferings aro 34:4x103 feet on the east line
of ~ Devisadero street, 68 feet south of
Union; 34:4x137:6 feet on the south line of
Green street,, 103:6 feet east of Devisa
dero; the "block bounded by Kansas, Ne-'
vada. De Haro and Humboldt streets, of '
•which the four corners are unsold; three
fifths of the block bounded by Solano, De
Haro, Marlposa' and Carolina streets, as
a whole; lots' on -Connecticut, Arkansas, ',•¦
Michigan, Missouri,- Nevada and Texas
streets, and eighty lots conveniently lo
cated for homes for mechanics and others
whoso occupation • Is, at the Union Iron
WoTks ' and other establishments in • the
vicinity" of . the Potrero. • A cash ' payment
of $50 only will 1 b« required ' on ¦• each / of
these lots and the remainder can be paid
in monthly installments 'of' $10 each.
Within a block of the property the Twen
ty-fourth street cars run: The other lines
transfer to Twenty-fourth street. ' - •
Contracts amounting: to nearly ; $140,000
have ! been j let for: th© construction of the
new house of -worship of the Congregation
Sherith ; Israel,' to stand on the .northeast
corner of Webster and California streets..
; Mrs. Golda Alexander will ; erect V an
eleven-story building [ to cost about $223,
000 on the lot adjoining, the Ban Francises
News Company building on the north; line
of » Geary : street.* -west f of Po#ell. v : i Two
lower, stories will i'be * occupied . as i stores.
Th© upper . nine stories will be used for
a • i hotel. * . The «;,- entire . ; building :. has
been leased by iA.fJ. --Rich & ¦ Co', for
tenlyears. .the aggregate of. rentals being
$204,000. , The ' structure on th© land \ now
,will be -, torn • down."'" ' " ¦
I* P. Smith, assistant superintendent of
the registry division of the San Fran
cisco Postofflce, died early yesterday
morning after an Illness of two weeks.
Mr. Smith was appointed in October, 18S2.
He was a Mason and a member of George
H. Thomas Post of the Grand Army of
the Republic
Death, of a Postof flee Of flcial.
Th« memorial committee of th© United
Ancient Order of Druids, composed of
representatives from all the local groves
In this city and the circles, as well as the
Past Arch Association and the chapter
branches of the order, held a meeting: In
the Druids* Temple on Butter street last
night and effected a permanent organiza
tion by the election of L. M. Pabbry,
chairman; Mrs. Prances J. Williams, vice
chairman; W. G. Antonovich, secretary,
and D. Bamman, treasurer.
2t was decided to hold the service out
of respect to the memory of the dead of
the order in Golden Gate Hall on the
afternoon of February 3, 1904, and for the
purpose of carrying out the details com
mittees on finance, hall, decoration and
electric effects, talent, printing, promo
tion and publicity and visitation of groves
and circles were appointed.
It Is the intention of the committee on
decorations to -introduce several novel ef
fects in the hall which it is believed will
add much to the lmpressiveness of the
occasion, and to present some ! features
that will brinsr out the idea of Druidic
veneration in broader lines than in the
past.
Memory of the Dead of th« Order
Will Be Bevered by Local
Groves.
DaTJXDS MEMOBIAL SERVICE
TO BE HELD IN FEBEUAEY
The block bounded by. Fell, Hayes. Clay
ton and Cole streets will be .subdivided
and sold at public auction early In Jan
uary by David Stern & Sons.
' F. B. Surrhyne is placing on the mar
ket twenty-five chdlce building , lots that
face on Devisadero, Waller and Alpine
streets.
Outside land block bounded by L and
M streets and Forty-third and Forty
fourth avenues has been sold by .Baldwin
& Howell to J. W. Wright on private
terms.
A real estate office has been opened at
634 Market street by Gano, Gunz & Co.
Easton, Eldrldge & Co., have been very
successful of late with their regular' bi
monthly sales. They report the confirma
tion of the sale by Rivers Brothers to
Thomas S. Williams of the southeast" cor
ner of Third and Perry streets, 25x106 feet
and L on Perry street, with old Improve
ments for $22,noo. The same brokers also
have sold to William Ehrenpfort lot and
improvements on the south line of Waller
Btreet, 156 feet west of Shrader street,
for. $7500; for H. Bishop to Jacob Cohn,
east line of Forty-fourth avenue, 170 feet
south of B street, lot 50x120 feet price
$450; for J. Kayser of San Jose to John
Pera, lot and improvements on the north
line of Eddy street, 25 feet west of
Steiner street, price $4150; for Mrs. Galvin
to Luigl Bulotti, lot and improvements
on wast lino of Webster street, 120 feet
south of Fulton street, 33x82:6 feet, two
flats, price $7500; for Mrs. J. J. Dunn to
Eliza Cosgrove north line of Tehama
street, northwest of Fourth street? Nos.
312 and 312& Tehama street, lot 25x75 feet
and tenements for $3500.
McAfee Brothers have sold the follow
ing properties for the Chambers estate:
Lot 63:1*4x137:6 feet, on the north side of
Vallejo street, 68:9 feet west of Scott, the
buyer and the price private, the purchaser
to erect a handsome residence: lot 27:6x
137:6, on the south line of McAllister
street, 141 feet east of Devisadero", for
$3250; the 50-vara lot on the southeast cor
ner of Laurel and Sacramento streets, to
C. D. Kittredge for $10,000.
The following sales have been made by
F. B. Surrhyne:
Southeast corner of : Howard and
Twenty-first streets, 41x122:6, with an L.
25x35 feet, for $12,000, for J. F. Sims to
K. A. Lundstrom; double house and lot,
38:6x122:6 feet, at 732 and 734 Shotwell
Btreet for $5500. for J. F. Sims to R. Krebs;
lot on the east line of Folsorn street, 65
feet south of Twentieth, 25x90 feet for
12150, from Caroline A. Snook to Joseph
Burns; lot on the southerly line of Vallejo
street, 112:6 feet west from Pierce . street,
25x125 feet, from A. Shephard to I. Lip
man for $2250; cottage and lot at 738 Shot
well street, and lot, 24x122:6, $2000, and cot
tage at 736 Shotwell street and lot, 27:6x
122:6 feet, $2500, from J. F. Sims to George
Williams; cottage and lot at 950 Treat ave
nue, $3000, from James Davidson to Mrs.
G. Dankwerth, and two flats and lot at 51 1
and 53 Pond street for $4000.
TO BE OFFERED. "f
SALE IS CONFIRMED.
The largest local sale of realty during
the last week Is, reported by Baldwin ,&
Howell. The properties concerned were
four In number. The northwest corner v of
Pennsylvania avenue and Mariposa street,
100x100 feet. with, three frame dwellings,
was sold for $21,000; a lot 50x200 feet on
the west line of Pennsylvania, avenue,
partly improved, for $12,500; the south
west corner of Pennsylvania avenue and
Santa Clara street, 200x250 feet, for $35,000,
and the northwest corner of Santa Clara
street and Pennsylvania avenue brought
523,000, the lot being 200x115 feet. The total
for the four lots was $91,500. Title to all
the property was taken in the name of
the California Title Insurance and Trust
Company, but; it 19 understood that the
purchases were for a railroad or manu
facturing concern. ¦ . .
Thorne & Kllpatrick report the follow
ing sales: Lot, 27:6x137:6 feet, on the north
side of Haight street 165 feet west of Fill
more, Vergez to Tuttle, for $5500; lot, 25x75
feet, with two flats, on the north side of
Eighteenth street 50 feet west of Dia
mond, Cordell to Donoho, for $5000; 24x114
feet, with- improvements, on the south
line of Twenty-seventh street 168:4 feet
we6t of Dolores, Occidental Loan Associa
tion to Walter Ryan, for $2850; 50x39 feet,
with improvements, on the north side of
Midale street 112:6 feet south of Califor
nia, LIpman to Herrick, for $6200; 30x120
feet on the north side of Page street 117:6
feet west of Gough, A. P. Hotaling & Co.
to H. Jenkins, for $7000; 20x100 feet and
improvements on the east line of Diamond
street 65 feet north of Elizabeth, Colum
bia Building and Loan Association to F.'
G. Nay. for J2400; 52:6x87:6 feet on the
north side of Chestnut street 25^feet east
of Leavenworth, and 50x137:6 feet on the
east side of Leavenworth street 87:6 feet
north of Chestnut, D. J. Reeng to S. G.
Kllpatrick. for $14,000.
R. D. Cranston & Sons report the' fol
lowing recent sales: Lot 60x106:3 feet on
the southeast corner of Page and Shrader
streets, for the account of John W. Quick
to John Wiese; 25x106:3 feet and" three
flats on the east side of Clayton street 100
feet south of Waller, for Thomas Vodden
to Martin Meyer; 27x137:6 feet on the
north side of Page street 110 feet east of
Lyon, for Hjrman P. Bush to David Sal
field; 25x137:6 feet on the north side of
Page street 106:3 feet east of Shrader, for
Charles Patton and Maria .A. Anderson,
and the adjoining lot of the same size for
the same owner to Philip J. Haver; 25x100
feet and a two-story residence on the
west side of Masonic avenue 131:3 feet
south of Waller street, for John F. Ward
to Julius Steinberger; two lots, 25x120 feet
each, on the west side of Tenth avenue
125 feet north of Clement street, for C. A.
Berton to Augusta A. and Gregory P.
Harrington: 26x125 feet and two flats on
th« west side of Noe street 100 feet north
of Seventeenth, for Mrs. Mary Miller to
Joseph Maichen.
In order Uiat affairs connected with the
settlement of the Fair estate In Califor
nia mlg-ht be readily adjusted, a power
of attorney wu tfven to Hermann Oel
richs by his wife, a daughter of tbe late
Senator Fair. A similar power of attor
ney was sTiven to Mr. Oelrichs by Mrs.
Vanderbilt, another daughter of Senator
Fair. Under the powers granted Mr.
Oelrichs settled up the general affairs of
the estate and resigned the trust. The
resignation was given to Reuben H. Lloyd
three months ago and the powers of at
torney granted to Mr. Oelrichs were then
returned to the ladies in New York. In
reference to this story Mr. LJoyd says:
"There is nothing new in this matter.
Three months ago Mr. Oelrichs resigned
and I then returned to the ladies in New
York the papers conferring upon him the
power of attorney In the Fair estate."
There is gossip in New York to the ef
fect that Hermann Oelrichs has revoked a
power of attorney given to Mrs. Oelrichs.
Mr. Lloyd remarks that such gossip is
devoid of truth. H© fancies that Mrs.
Oelrichs does not hold and never has held
a power of attorney to act for him in
New York, for the simple reason that
there is no necessity for such grant of
authority.
The building of the Fairmont Hotel is
an enterprise in which Mr. Oelrichs takes
a deep interest. In this Investment he
is an absolute half owner and is in a po
sition to act according to the promptings
of his own business Judgment. His sur
render of the powers of attorney granted
to him by his wife and his wife's sister
was voluntary on his part and the tiling
of the papers in the Recorder's office sim
ply signifies that his resignation Is ac
cepted.
Business Properties Still Are
Most Eagerly Sought
Fair Estate Is Settled and
Power of Attorney Is
Not Required.
Realty Doesn't Develop
Sensationally but
Holds Strong.
Reuben Lloyd Tells Why
Oelrichs Gave Up
Authority. > .
RESIGNATION HAS
NO SIGNIFICANCE
WEEK'S SALES
ARE VERY GOOD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAMi, -SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1903.
23
ADVERTISEMENTS.
' •'/¦'- "¦.- ' - . ¦ .,¦'¦'- ' ¦ \ %
MKjmv**'^^. fl^f^ No woman'* happl.
WrwFMmfflwf3j£%BnS^3£ ness can be complete
WW' *Uy&&£3&MBB** without children ; it
Nightmare &£i
K ' if 'rnu^^*^^WWSHBP - beautiful and
pore. I he critical ordeal through which th« expectant mother miwt
pass, howeyer,'i5>»o fraught with; dread, pain, snffering and danger
that; the very/thought of it fills "licr: with apprehension and horror.
There is no necessity for the reproduction of life to be either painful
or dangerous. The use of Mother's Friend so prepares the system for
the coming event t that it is safely passed without any danger. Thi«
great and wonderful ¦ * . °
remedy is always |jfS/fPf7 ,¦¦¦ ff Ff &
appliedexternally.and MPmBm &^ff Mf& 4^& &&^
has carried thousands Of WfB fluBr SL ffl ffl Vfaf9 M "*TLjB*
; bf /womeitt *.throngh / 4
the trving. crisis withoot Mrffering. JF" ' am L * —
A33VEBTISKM EJJTS.
APPETITE'S GONE.
Food eaten without appetite al-
ways causes gastric disturbances,
because unless the glands of the
stomach are stimulated by a de-
sire for food no digestive juices
are formed. Consequently the
food is wasted and clogs up the
bowels. For Loss of Appetite and
Constipation there is nothing to
equal the Bitters. Try a dose be-
fore . meals. ' J ' It also cures Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion, Insomnia arid
Malaria, Fever and^Ague.',
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE VALUE OF CHARCOAL
Few People Know How Useful It Is
in Preserving Health and Beauty.
Nearly everybody knwws that charcoal Is the
rarest and aort efficient disinfectant and puri-
fier In nature, but few realize lt» value when
taken Into the human system for th« same
ctouisins purpose.
Charcoal is a remedy that the more you take
of it the better; It Is not a drug: at all. but,
simply ettcrbs the cases and Impurities al-
ways present In the stomach and Intestines
and carries them out of the system.
Charcoal sweetens the breath after emoldna;.
drinking or after eatlns; onions and other odor-
ous intertables.
Charccal effectually clears and Improves the
eotrplexlori. It whitens the teeth and further
acts as a ratural and eminently salt cathartic.
It Lbsorha the Injurious rasea which collect
is tbe stomach and bowels; It disinfects the
mouth and throat from the poinon. of catarrh.
All druggists sell charcoal in one form or an-
other, but probably the best charcoal and the
meet for tbe money is In Stuart's Absorbent
Lozenges; they are composed of the finest pow-
dered Willow charcoal and other harmless an-
tiseptics In tablet form or rather in tbe form
of large, pleasant tasting lozenges, the charcoal
being mixed with honey.
Th« dally use of these lozenges will soon
tell In a much Improved condition of the gen-
eral health, better complexion, sweeter breath
and purer blood, and the beauty of It Is that
no pcsslble harm can result from their con-
tinued use. tut, en the contrary, great benefit.
A Buffalo physician in epeaklng of the bene-
fits Of charcoal says: "I advise Stuart's Ab-
•obent Uozerges to all patients suffering from
gas In stomach and bowels and to clear the
complexion and ourlfy the breath, mouth and
throat; I also believe the liver is greatly bene-
fltted by the dally use of them; they cost but
twenty- five cents a box at drug stores, and al-
though in some sense a patent preparation, yet
I believe I *et wore and better charcoal In
Stuart's i Absorbent Iiozenges than in any of
th» ordinary charcoal tablets.
131377011170 rOR BARBERS, BA-
brswers. bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyeis, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, ehoe factories,
•tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, , eta
BTJCKAHAN EROD.,
, Bnuh Mannf actnr w«, 609 Sacramento St.
., . _ . .
TIH SOOrS ft GTJTTEBS BS7AZBED.
AHLBACH ft KATSS,
I PLUMBERS AND JOBBERS.
836 KOWAED ST.
¦' Telephone Howard 3132. ¦ ;
IRHEUMATISi^T?f E E a
HelpIessTFbrsical and FlnanoUl euBer no longer ¦
For information, writ* SAN LUIS HOT SULJ9
PMUR SPRINGS. SAN LUIS OBISPO. CALfl
uo/iools and &o//eyos» r
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE '.' OF THE
WEST. 24 < Post St.. San Francisco, Cal. ¦ f«"
Established 40 years." -.-¦• " Open entire year,
•a."**, for illustrated catalogue <free). r
FRAXJEBS f'-jjT^ - ¦ ¦ 'PBAGEBS j PBAOEBS | FBAOEBg ~ v
| Greeu Trading Stamps Given with all Purchases— Ask Clerks for Coupons
I Great, Book Special. CigOTS,
pj . . • f - * .11 t*i« IhBwbbb^S^ i£_i_i____' * tehH^fc^j^* _^ __. jdft*^r strictly clcsr JrisiVcinsi snort
H dren. • ' ¦;, ' §9 4 W^ATA^V^^ Bfr¥JMT ¥ A ¥^¥ *K* An extra fine .=;<: cigar. I!
II «5c— Thirty-five different sto- §j| AJL*Wi^.A^ KJC/UI ADlsJ& 7 for 25c 15 for 50c. H
f| ries with illustrations in. a: very H VAhA 1 ABFA iff A flirii^ CT/MMMr^ Box of 50— $*-C3. M
m pretty little book for school- W6A. |P/|R'~ I Z5O FlAK iiKl *% ¦ <0R J0HI5.\ A 10c Gr«n Trading Stamp U
I girls - * ;~ K U „ -rN.wyy * wy y* afma^* a r mA wrm * with each cigar. . g
HI New Winter Shoes.; I *fT7T~ Pf TP C TpZll I Holiday Novelties. I I
I T fj®2%^80- ' 2 ¦ y.'..V:^>V* I 2 ""-I -p HIS I, the firs, ,howin Z J
II made for this winter's T^S^SSSS^SSSS 1 we have made of articles *J
|| -wear, and are stylish as" well f /'. V C* ; 1 1 * BJi • J \j> suitable for holiday gifts. 1
I l$i£i!ii!iil Greatest 3ale Held m Years - ~ *- « * T «
fcj .J?.*.*>«— £cw stjies m^mens „__., , H n, mmt n W m iiiiiiiim iiii stock imported especially for »J
Pi footwear;. Vici kid : or litrht box «_«_^^^^_^^_^_^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^k^^^^^™ _ •**• f j h
I calf, lace GoQdycar welt soles ThOUSCHldS of Jackets, CapeS, Collarettes, BoaS, the Christmas business. £1
m These are the latest shoes shown. COMB AND BRUSH SETS. if
m^^0SM Scarfs, Stoles, Advantageoasly Bonght M a set _ A reaI ebonv |
1 from Leading New York Furriers. $£%&£*$?*£$>'% 1
1 stitch, Capitol toe. This is an ex- Absolutely Nothing More Appropriate for the match wnh sterling silver mount- H
i cellcnt shoe for winter wear, hav- . o - r r r ing. Large size. They come m H
;j ing cushion insotes. , , - 1 - - Winter SeaSOH . PH an elegant leather case, silk lined. | j
"' ¦¦-¦.¦¦¦ f~*\ UR buyer closed the deal for this magnificent assortment of f j
- Sole r Of Rues - U moderate price furs a few days before he left New -._ «-- •~^^-" M
York for this city. They are 'all the newest styles and shapes CniidrGBX SCOfit^ H
! 01)c— Smyrna rugs. 18 by 36 and up-to-date in every particular. Because of the big discount we immi 1 1 11 h- - -Xmi liTi m M
Regular $1 00 value • ' received on these goods we can afford to be liberal with our cus- -¦—-—- — — r,..™^^,.^, .,
Smyrna : rugs, 24 by • tomers and enable them to secure something good and substantial II 7ITH the- cold and wet f
48 Regular $2.00 value. in the fur line at little cost. VV *^ a y s npon us, these ij
91. 7» — Smyrna - rues, 27 by - $1.45 — Beautiful electric cluster scarfs; regular $3.00 value. coats are an absolute t\
54 Regular $2.50 value. $2.95 — Extra long black Belgium lynx scarfs. Worth $6.00, necessity for the youngsters. |]
S2.05— Smyrna rugs, 36 by $2,45— Genuine mink cluster scarfs, pretty dark color: worth $6. .so. They are exceedingly stylish. l|
72. Regular $3.50 value. ' " $2.40, $2.O5, $3.45, $4.25, $4.95, $5.45, §5.05 and $6.95 and their equal cannot be found Tj
M $2.05— All wool rues. 10 by —Beautiful collarettes of electric seal, marten, lynx, sable, Persian, at the price in the city. ||
• 60 Worth $3.85. Krimmer mink. etc. Worth double the money. - . ¦- .'¦¦ .-I
j $2.05 All wool rues. 30 by $2.15 and $2.95— Extra fine streamer scarfs with lone tails of $«.9i> — Full length box coat. H
i 60 Worth $4.00. marten, sable, lynx. French seal, etc. Worth $5.oo"and $6.50. made of zibeline; has a large *|
j^4.38 All wool rugs, 30 -by $IJ.45 and $3.95— Extra fine Baum marten scarfs, stoles, etc Sell military cape trimmed with folds ||
! 6b Worth $6.50. " elsewhere at $7.00 and $8.50. .. • ¦-,/.¦;. of black satin and edged with H
I $5.25— All wool rugs. 26 by $9.95, $14.95 and $17.50— Genuine Siberian squirrel, long cord. Large sleeves, trimmed l\
1 72 Worth $7.75. stoles, with collar. -'. Reduced one-half. with fancy cuff. They come in Q'
1 $G.7u All wool rugs 16 by $14.95 — Handsome double fox boas, with fine large brush tails of green, garnet and navy. A styl- fj
1 76" Worth $9.50. ' * sable and Isabella. Worth double. . "V J ish garment for the little ones. H
j Offering in Dress Goods and Silks. Second Week of j
I TpHE lines that will be shgwn on our counters to-morrow will be *|*1_ I • • W • C* "li"
S 1 the heavier winter weights that are in most demand at this ¦ llATlKSdViriC LlTIPTK S^lP 5
I A time. They arc values that cannot be overlooked. Special re- \Y\\mi\Yi O(llCt I
1 ductions have been made on each line, affording ample opportunity |!
§ for a wide selection. r I " HIS sale, begun last Monday, has had an unusual success. 3 1
I DreSS Goods. * Jl 10 " 8 * 11^? took advantage of the early opportunity to replen- f]
j 1 • Viatic ' ish their linen closets. To-morrow we have arranged another 9
3 ei rn a ¦ u ir °. *" , -.' . «. M ... lot of specials that will be found even better than those offered last *!
I 1 $1.50 a yard— 54-inch Venetian cloth; regular $2.00 quality. week. tari ir i>ama«v H
¦1 $1.50 a yard-54-inch broadcloth; worth $2.00 a yard. o*« . „ TABLE DAMASK. , \\
I $2.50 a yard— 54-inch black broadcloth; regular $.1.00 quality. -joe a yard— Heavy homespun bleached damask. f j- \\
j $1.00 a yard—! 52-inch black cloth; worth $1.50 a yard. ™ a ZT °T (^ T t* 3 / 7 ft 0 Weached .damask. , . » U
1 $1.OO a yard— 42-inch Crepe de Paris; regular $1.25 value. 5Uc a yard— Bleached table damask; regular 75c value. ;=.:" ' \^ if
I 90c a yard— 50-inch London cheviot; regular $1.25 quality. NAPKINS. |J
I $1-O« a yard— 46^^ twine cloth; regular $1.25 quality. * 98c a dozen— Bleached dinner napkins; worth $1 25. rf
1 fl-25 a yard-58-inchheavy.blackziWme; worth $1.75. ' , $1.25 a dozen-All linen dinner napkins. Regular $1.75 values U
1 $1.25 a yard-50-mch black, camel's hair zibeline; $1.50 quality. $1.95 a dozen— Linen dinner napkins. Worth $2.50 a down. *>I U
-1 ¦'-*.'- COL^OI^£l/» . - ¦. . ¦ * _- ' , TAu/ffi c *-i
1 V °°w a r «7^ 0 " inCh^ Oxf ? r^i zibelinc : brown ' K ra y and blue mix - 8 1-3C each-Heavy huck towels; hemmed, red borders. ? B
i turcs. wortn *i-a- , #^_ ¦.-;• . ; v lOc each— Extra large heavy hemmed huck towels. '• 9
<j SliKS. • r : - ¦-.-.¦ - : I .•'*¦•; BLANKETS. ||
H Kftn-o.^ar^— t^iVriiMarlf »aff^fa*<iHf mia'ran- 8 ! — ' 1 $2.Gu—Good 10-4 white blankets; worth B
I teed. ¦ ' ' v % m • j wjr * - $3-5o a pair. . - * *i
1 $1.18 a yard— 36-inch black taffeta silk; gua>-. 11*11111116(1 FlfloS dtl Q $3.50— Good 11-4 white blankets; worth !l
a antecd. aaaBnaBBa|ranBaaBIBSBKaHBBBg) $4. 50 a pair. !1
a , 79c r a yard— 20-inch peau de soie. _^ # . # $5.50— Good 12-4 white blankets • worth r
I 9Sc a yard— 24-inch peau de soie. KiO* HftVTl^O* $7-S° a Pair. * S,|
I |l-f>Oavard-.i6-inch P eaudesoie. ",7ff.,,^,?n T B f...A* " 1.1-4 white blankets; worth 1
1 75c to $1.^5 a yard — Colored fancy silks mm^mm^^^^^^^^^m^ $8.50 a pair '
?i for waists, shirt, waist suits and neckties. A "T^VERY one of these trimmed hats has $7.5O— Good 14-4 white blanketf worth
a large assortment of neat, desirable effects. X-< been reduced nearly- one-third. They $10.00 a pair. _ * \\
j -¦ are copies of some of the finest models " \
H ' made this season, and should be eagerly _^ H
I Men's Winter Clothing bou^b,$ricnd$i2H.tsfor$r5o! Boys' Stylish Clothes 1 1
H m^mmamamam—m^amm—a^mmm—mmmmMmm Black and white chenille braid turban," m
H 'T'HE best materials the mills can -produce "Continental" shape, finished with large — n _ _T^™^^^~^^^^^^^^^™"™" 9
pi j[ are used in our men's suits and over- pompon of maline and aigrettes/ l\/l u » j U ___ s " een P vc n to our y
g coats. The highest quality of workman- ' Large blue velvet hat, faced with shirred 1Y1 boys department, and only the most up-
H ship prevails throughout, and our word is a silk. It has a long white plume falling grace : ' *o-date and stylish suits and overcoats f|
IU guarantee for wear and fit. This week will see fully to one side. f^ 11 P e *°"°°- *? our . stock. Some rare l]
many fine buying chances in this department. $7 end $8 Hats for $5. bargains will be given this week, beginning to- Gi
_.*«. nA ,r SUITS. 'v " A pretty red velvet Gainsborough trimmed m rr ° W " cirr^c
. 9IO.OO— Up-to-date suits of all pure with long black plume. Very stylish. M/1T5.
worsted fancy cheviots. Scotches, serges and Misses' white hat. Iflaring off the face and . 9—45— Two-piece suits in navy blue chev-
clays. These garments are made in : the latest trimmed with satin ribbon and white wings. iots and fancy tweeds; ages 8 to 15 years. Reg-
fall styles. All have hair-cloth, fronts, square,' .Very becoming to almost any one. ular $3.00 values.
. broad shoulders, and are lined with the best : $4.75— Three-oiece suits; jacket vest and'
serge lining; also Italian linings.: They are ————— , , . ' knee trousers. Materials are pure wool and all I
worth $13-50. *. ... are well made. Ages 9 to 16 years. Every garment is worth $5. 50 and $6 00
«» rt ™ rw 1 OWRCOATS - OVERCOATS. I
$io.vo — Oxford cheviotvovercoats/cut 50 inches long. • Finished «»'«. r> • . - • .. . - _ .
with-cuffs on.sleeves and slashed pockets, .Tailored in first-class XT f. 3 -°y-R«ss'an overcoats, in navy blue and Oxford cheviot. I
style iand have broad shoulders and hair'cloth, fronts. Also a good Nothing dressier. for a boy from 3 to 7 years old. Regular $5.00 value,
all-wool black or blue Kersey box' coat; 38 inches long. Has, Vene- $1.00— Reefer too coats with velvet collar; ages 3 to 7 years. t
tian body linings and satin sleeve linings. /Worth $13.50. . »" Only a few left. SpeciaL , . " t
$14.50— The most popular styles , and materials. All hand $4.75— Full length overcoats in Oxford and gray mixed materiali
I tailored throughout. Some are silk lined. Worth $20.00. -> ~ ¦ ~ These garments are exceptionally good values and are selling fast
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I B.KATSGHINSKI
|i Phikddpbia Shoe Co*
|| fO THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
< Afijoirirr Call 3uililtar.
Extra High Cut.
Reduced to
An extra high cut shoe, partlcu-
Ilarly adapted to Winter wear.
They will protect the ankles from
wet or damp Ekirts. and are Just
the style to wear on a rainy day.
Ladies' Vici Kid and Box Calf
Higrh Cut (10 inch) Lace Shoes,
coin toes and tips and double
soles. The shoes formerly sold for
$2 50 and $3 25, but as we have
not all sizes we have reduced them
to SI. 75- Sizes 6Vi to 8; widths
AA to E.
§ Crocheted
1 Slippers
fl Ladies" fine crocheted Slippers?.
{I with fleece-lined soles. Colors,
H R«*d. Bla^k and combinations. The
|3 price only OOc Sizes 3 to 8.
I Men's House
§ Slippers.
; Very swell and attractive. Men's
j' Tan or Black Kid Opera Slippers,
v with patent leather trimming,
I! broad toes, turned soles and- low
| heels. Our price culy SLOO-
PS Sizes 5% to 12.
8 Boys' Water-
|i Proof Shoes
\ j The beFt wearers on the market,'
[I tough and waterproof. Porpoise
[I hide Shoes for Boys cannot be ex-
H celled. Made up natty and yet
[1 with heavy quilted soles. We are
[I the sole agrents. Widths C to E.
I; Youths' pizes. 11 to 2..R1.f»O
B Boys* sizes, 2*i to 54..$ 1.75
Ib. katschinski
[I Philadelphia Shoe Co.
|| 10 TnmT) ST, San rrsjicisco.
[^y^\A/E/\i<: yvvEiN
M**t-^1 Li- HALL'S UELNVIGORATOR
(y-ii «•¦*. etcijs til losses and cna&tural <JU-
h I cbaj-gtm in -4 hours. You feel aa
BBS )SJs lt "P rov< * Elcn t from th« flr»t dost.
H'^4 >** We ha\ e t-o much confidence In our
K'-il j.ii'j '.re£tc;ent that we cfTcr Klv« Hun-
I I ?£ dred reward lor any cttee w-e caa-
HABmtBam not cure. This secret remedy cure*
leal power, r.tchtly emifKions, wasted orerans,
varicocele. slreu rtrlcturea. Iddser*. fallisf
(nemory. drains in tbe urine, gonorrhoea, dls-
•tie of the prostate R'.asis and all other terrt-
b!e eCectr cf self-abuse or excesses, whtch lead
en to eoniumptlon and death. Positively cures
the wcrBt cases In old or young cf that mortlfy-
taj: condition, quickness of the discharge, aad
waaUss to do, and you can't. Eent sealed. $2
per bottle, thre* bottles. 55. Guaranteed to
cure ary case.
Call or «ddr»CT orders HALL'S MEDICAL
INSTITUTE. BSI Broadway. Oakland. CaL
Also for eaJe at 10TCU Market M.. S. F. Bend
f r r free book.
sJgES&te&iR MENANDWQMEIt.
*te P&XX'BXA^xyl Cs« B;t «i for naaataral
J&S&F te 1 to ( ««t*.VJ *i«ch»ri:«g.lnfi*iiim»tloB»,
fSStj Ourutid M lrriUtioBi or ulc«ratlsBl
ft*£J? e»t t» ttrtctor*. cf mccoui tatmbrioti.
Ip rr**m* c«»uci««. P»ic'.eii. and net attrln-
t/TWlTKt ETIKt uHVf ICiluS. c«nt or poiioDoci.
W*»!\ CltCiKIUTI.1^^6 Bml* by t>r«cc1«U,
V'.' ; ,^v Lki. >5Sl or ** Bt '¦ P Ialn wrapper,
JsaL. fcy «wm«, rr»p»id. tot
tli». ortbottlM IJ.78.
»^^^^^T " Clrcdar wet ea nensft
') MARKET ST. 5 F *9£&f
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
rHESH AZTS SALT aXE ATS.
US RflYF^ Ir C(\ Shipping: Butcheri. 104
JAj. DUItJ (L \AJ. clay. Tel. Mala 1294.
OZZ.S. '
LUBRICATIKG OILS; LEONARD A ELLIS.
41S Front ct., S. F. Phone Main 17X9.
FBUTZZTO.
U DDUIICJ, t, n san»on-.e «t.. S. F.
The Weekly GalL
451 pep Vear*KAHN-LIVERNASH
CONTEST IS ON
Domestic— Oh, never mind me, inarm;
it's so long since you've had an after
noon off I must insist that you take one
to-day. But be sure and come horns
early. I may have callers, you know, and
I shall want somebody to tend the door.—
Boston Transcript.
Mistress— Tea, Mary, I should like to go
out, but . Tm afraid it will Incommode
you.
What Boston Expects.
In the near future.— Domestic— Don't
you want to "go out this afternoon, Mrs.
Manning? '4nM|
Mr. Kahn will not go to "Washington
until the committee Is ready to report.
In the meantime Mr. Dibble, a capable
and enterprising lawyer, will represent
hlm.-
Mr. Kahn is confident that he will be
seated. ' - .
Intelligence has been received here to
the effect that the Kahn-Llvernash case
is at the head of the list of contests and
will be taken up at once. It is likely
that the committee will order on the bal
lots by telegraphic subpena. The rec
ord is printed, the briefs are in and the
case is ready to bo heard.
riThe fascinaUonrof .'aTmanTotten' lies in
the ? mysteryiqf ; his \ experiences "
vTheJcharmiof ilivlngMles' in; tha unce'r
talhty/of:life's '.events. -- -
iThe : hotel proprietor waa equal to the
occasion.*. He : thought* it could be ar
ranged . f or : £20. A bargain was struck on
theseiterms..;The. millionaire duly ar
rived and retired to the royal couch No
doubts he " thoroughly enjoyed his ; night's
rest and the prospect ¦ of ,,; subsequently
electrifying; his • friends >. with ' the story of
his : regal "experience. ; " His pleasure must
have j been somewhat marred \ when he dis
covered later, on; that her. Britannic Maj
esty always > : traveled . with her i own" bed
and ibedding.^-London, Truth. \
"•A continental hotel-keeper recently con
fided I the ;¦ following - t story,: to ; a .friend ) of
mine: £ Some , years • ago," after Queen
toria had been staying: at a certain ' hotel,"
a wealthy American called on the propri
etor'and signified his desire to sleep, if
it : could , be managed,; In the ] same ' apart
ment; the same bed, and, i if ' possible, the
same bedclothes as those , which had held
the *: sacred ;: person j of ¦ her ! Majesty : before
they.; hadj been sent ; to the .wash: Money
was ; no object ' to ; him. What would - it
cost?'- . : 7/ . '•'¦•: ¦ ;"'¦ '-¦ ¦ \ ¦ ¦ :¦¦
The , Mythical American Again.
NEW YORK, Nov. 14.— Since Rev.
Father Joseph Clrringione, pastor of the
Cathollo Church of the Immaculate Con
ception at Williams Ridge, in the north-,
em " outskirts of the city, left his home
Thursday ?' night 'not a trace ;of him has
been' found and his friends and relatives
fear \ he ' has been kidnaped or murdered
by /members of the Mafia, who. had
threatened him' with death. V The police
are seeking two mysterious men, who by
pretending to be city detectives, enticed
the priest away from his home.
The priest had received. threatening let
ters because r of his ; activity: In suppress
ing, vicious resorts among the Italians and
he was led to believe that the person who
had written the letters was under arrest.
He' had previously '.reported' to :the police
captain of the' precinct ' that) he- had been
annoyed \ by . threatening letters ' and when
the men called he accompanied them will
ingly. ¦"¦ ¦¦';'_::¦' - . ' ¦"' ' ''\ ' ¦" -. ;"*.'
; .When the, priest did not* return home
that ; night , nor ' the . next ; day £ his \ house
keeper and friends . became alarmed and
finally/ his ; disappearance was . reported. ¦/¦
¦ \ It is known that Father Clrringione re
ceived S a • letter ,*' on ¦': Thursday morning,
which '"contained a* threat ? that unless he
paid' $3000 by the following night he would
be removed. ' '
: Since the 1 war] between; China and Japan
the Celestial kingdom has bought over 300
cannon 5 and 1 500,000 ' rifles * of : E n gland and
Germany. 1^ European T officers, ; too,- have
been employed ; to driir troops.
A student noted 'for his carelessness in
dres3 c once f approached J Prof essor.S Simon
Newcomb V of i Johns Hopkins
for. advice. \; He '.was ] thinking lot '' leaving
college * and ' going - into * business, having
had : a' ; flattering * off er. ; VNo w ; you ; know
my case.H professor,"; he said, "and if you
were J in \ my.' shoes vwhat \ would | you . ; do T'.
The professor, looked '.very serious and re-^
plied, "Black them, 'of course!"— New
York Times. ''iffiMBBBISHBRHBBi
A : Good i Suggestion.
'. The i St.: ; Louis f officials i were i requested
to . allow, the .Woman's Christian Temper
ance ; Union >, to 'I Judge tot *the : decency ; of
any 1 attraction .within one mile of; the ex
position grounds.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 14.— There was a
large attendance at the second day's ses
sion . of ' the " national convention of • the
Woman's Christian- Temperance Union.
The early session of the mothers was ad
dressed by Mrs. Ada W. Nuruh ofOgden
on- "Scientific Purity Teaching,", followed
toy. a discussion of "Teachers' Problems.",
The convention ~\ proper was - opened ?. with
prayer by Miss Mary A. Lynch 1 of ¦ North
Carolina."
Miss Leila M. Bewail of Massachusetts,
national superintendent of flower mis
sions, reported distributions for the year,
the expenditures amounting to $13,403.
Among : the other ¦ reports t of , depart
mental superintendents : were ¦ those "of
Mrs.i Mary; F. Lovell of Pennsylvania, on
"Mercy'.'; Mrs. • Helen U. > Buller of New
York, on "Purity* '- ; Mra. Emily D. Martin
of - New, York, on "Purity in i Literature
and Art"; - Miss Ellen ;D. ; Morris, of / MisJ
souri, on Literature'.'; Mrs.'
Hannah S. Guild of Missouri, on "Fairs
and Open-Air Meetings," and ; Mrs. M. ; T.
Ellis of New Jersey, on .VPurity.'V;
Tho 2 most ; animated t scenes ? were wit
nessed" to-day, in the -discussion :of the
Barthold bill to . restore the canteen to the
army. A | message ; was ordered ' from the
committee V; to President - Roosevelt ; and
from : the State ¦ presidents j and'l others to
their members of "Congress remonstrating
against consideration of the Barthold 1 bill
to % repeal j the 5 anti-canteen V law /¦ at t this
time. . : The ladies will \ be engaged , in. 'con
yention work here^untll the last ; of : next
week; ; and they want to : be „¦ heard I in
-Washington;} before > the ;' bill is ¦_ reported
from' the House committee. „¦' .
Temperance Convention
Will Make Appeal to
Congress.
Catholic Clergyman in
New York Suddenly
Disappears.
PRIEST MAY BE
VICTIM OF MAFIA
WILL FIGHT THE
ARMY CANTEEN
The police guard south of Twenty-sec
ond street to the city limits were mate
rially reduced during the afternoon. Lit
tle disorder was reported. One car while
passing a billboard in Thirty-fifth street
was stoned, frightening a- woman passen
ger into leaving the car.
men. This was declared by union leaders
to foreshadow a strike of teamsters if
any attempt were made to compel the
teamsters to make . the deliveries.
In London the term for a -left-handed
person Is back-handed, the word being.al
so equivalent to awkward;, in Lancashire
it is k-pawed; in Yorkshire, gallock or
gawk-handed, an expression dating back
to at least the seventeenth century.; In
Derbyshire are used the terms keg-hand
ed, cork-handed or corky-handed, while
in the Teesdale district cuddy-handed . is
common, »and In Nottingham • : coochy
handed. In Dorset it is scramble-handed
and in Devonshire coo coochy-handed. In
Scotland we find gawk-handed and in the
west cawry-handed. In Ireland a left
handed man Is called a iklfhbsrue. .Not
many years ago Tim Healy used this
word in a speech at East Wicklow, in
which he said that Mr. O'Kelly could, fight
with his left hand, and had already given
his opponent some "kithgoues" that would
spoil his political beauty during the con
test—London Chronicle.
Names for the Left-Handed,
. A motion that the committee's substi
tute resolution be amended to provide
that $1000 be donated at once by,, the
federation was defeated by a show of
hands, but a roll call- was demanded and
the amended motion was adopted.
The committee on resolutions reported
unfavorably _on a proposition that
"unionists ignore • unfair injunctions by
any capitalistic Judiciaries" and advocat
ing "a spontaneous and united opposi
tion which will render such court rul
ings inoperative and bring them into rid
icule." The report of the committee waa
concurred in.
President Gompers answered what he
termed an "insinuation of extravagance,"
made by Delegate George E. VIncens of
Springfield, who said that it might have
been well if some of the money .which
the executive council had expended In
visiting Boston had gone into the appro
priation for the miners. Gompers de
clared the expense of the committee en
tirely justifiable and added:
"This federation has now many., ap
peals for funds before it. It is not good
to give to others, who are always op
posed to you, things you deny to your
own family."
BOSTON, Nov. 14. — The question
whether the convention of the American
Federation of Labor should appropriate
$1000 to aid the Western Federation of
Miners In their pending strike came up
to-day for a second time when the com
mittee on- resolutions reported a substi
tute for a previous resolution that sym
pathy be expressed for the miners of the
West and that the unions throughout
the country be requested to tender finan
cial assistance to the Western Federa
tion. The report provoked a discussion
in which many of the prominent dele
gates took part.
Federation of Labor Contributes
$1000 to the Miners' Fund.
AIDS WESTERN STRIKERS.
"Philadelphia now leads the world in the
number of Christian Endeavor mission
study classes. It has fifty-six, twenty of
¦which have been organized in the last
year.
r The girl to whom the old bachelor had
finally proposed looked worried.
"I am trying to make up my mind,"
she said.
"And is it so hard?" asked her friend.
"Very hard. You see. he has lots of
money, but no bad habits."
"Do- you want him to have bad habits T'
"Well, they shorten life, you know."—
Chicago Post.
Why She .Hesitated.
Tbe last two reports were read, not for
adoption, but for the information of the
general missionary committee, the dis
cussion upon- them being postponed. The
report of the sub-committee on appropri
ations to foreign missions proved bo sat
isfactory that it was adopted as a whole.
OMAHA, Neb., Nov. 14.— At the morn
ing sessi6n of the general missionary
committee of the Methodist Episcopal
Church representatives of three sub-com
znittees were received. One was that of
a committee of seven appointed to pre
pare a preliminary draft of appropria
tions to all of the general missions of the
church. The second report was that of
the committee appointed to make a
provisional distribution of the $75,000
appropriated in bulk last Wednesday for
the purpose of strengthening the property
interests in the various foreign missions.
The third report was that of the commit
tee appointed to recommend to the gen
eral committee some readjustment of the
Chile mission in South America, which,
since the adoption of that mission by the
missionary society has been on an at
tempted self-sustaining basis, the results,
however, proving somewhat unsatisfac
tory.
Proceedings of the General Mission
ary Committee of. the Methodist
Church.
RECEIVES REPORTS
FROM SUB-COMMITTEES
CHICAGO, Nov. 14.— With the alleged
refusal of the street railway officials to
answer, a reauest for a "peace confer
ence" sent by their striking employes the
latter asserted to-day that no further
overtures looking to an amicable settle
ment of the strike would be made by the
men. Tbe situation has resolved Itself
into a test of endurance, with no disposi
tion on the. part of either side to yield.
In anticipation of a sympathetic strike
of teamsters every effort was made by
the railway officials to get in an adequate
supply of coal for the company's huge
bins. Furthermore preparations were in
progress on a large scale for sleeping and
restaurant accommodations for the non
union men who the officials announce will
operate cars. Officials of the. company
were kept busy rushing cots to the barns
and power houses and buying cooking
utensils and provisions.
A new method of preventing street
blockades was put Into effect to-day by
the^lice. Whenever cars were passing
from the strike district the thoroughfare
used was temporarily closed to all wagon
traffic. The result was to practically
eliminate attempts 'at interference by
teamsters friendly to the strikers. "Under
practically the game police tactics as were
employed yesterday four cars left the
Wentworth avenue barns in the southern
outskirts of the city at 8:40 a. m. and
headed toward the business district, nine
miles distant. Police attended the cars in
patrol wagons, and, almost cordoning
each side of the avenue, made interfer
ence an undertaking of difficulty.
CROWD JEERS. THE POLICE.
A large crowd about the Seventy-sev
enth street barns Jeered and hooted at
the police and carmen as the cars moved
out, but offered no violence. One hun
dred policemen massed at that point kept
the crowd at a safe distance. Eight to
ten policemen were stationed in every
block and the crowds were kept mov
ing. The first round trip was completed
on practically schedule time and was at
tended by no exciting incident.
Meantime the State-street oable, which
had been kept In motion since the strike
began, came to a standstill as the result
of a walkout by engineers and firemen
employed at the power-houses. . .
The first procession of four cars on the
Wentworth avenue line was soon fol
lowed by a second one of six. Besides
eighteen newspaper men on the first car
making a trip to-day there were four
other passengers, making a total of
twenty-two fares rung up on the trip
downtown. The ether cars carried from
five to six passengers, some of whom
were women.
When the hour arrived to-day which
Manager McCulloch, prior to the strike,
fixed for giving the company's answer to
the employes' demand for arbitration,
McCulloch, President Hamilton. Counsel
Bliss and two directors were waiting at
the company offices, but no committee
from the strikers appeared. Soon, how
ever, a note was dispatched from the
union headquarters to Manager McCul
loch, inquiring his attitude toward the
men and his views with reference to meet
ing the men in the light of events since
the question of arbitration was raised.
MESSAGE NOT ANSWERED.
The message from the employes' head
quarters was delivered by a district
messenger boy to a clerk in the general
offices of the railway company. The clerk
took it to McCulloch and presented it and
returned, saying to the boy:
"Mr. McCulloch says there is no answer
to tbe message."
It was learned later that McCulloch and
Counsel Bliss considered . the note for
some time and then returned this answer.
Secretary Bland of the union declared,
upon receiving McCuIloch's reply, that no
further peace overtures would be made
by the union.
The. note sent to McCulloch was signed
by' President Buckley of the striking
union. It was sent for the asserted pur
pose of ascertaining definitely the senti
ment of the company with ¦ regard to
meeting the men. It was as follows:
"Robert McCulloch, General Manager
City Railway Company— Cear Sir: The
morning papers report that you are ready
and willing to meet our committee. Now.
we have not received any notification or
information from you that such a meeting
is desired, but if you desire to meet our
committee we are ready to meet you at
any time or place you may .designate to
take up negotiations looking to a settle
ment." •
Coal .wagons were halted to-day at the
doors of power-houses by union teamsters
and delivery refused to non-union flre-
Glenn Cairns, secretary of the State
Board of Arbitration, who went to Trini-
Cnd to offer the services of the board ¦ as
a mediator in the strike, has reported
that, while the strikers were willing to
confer with their employers with the Idea
of arranging for arbitration, the corpora
tions declared they had nothing to arbi
trate. Neither the "officials of the'Colo
rado Fuel and Iron Company nor those
of the Victor Fuel. Company would give
the board any encouragement. J
It Is reported that negotiations are
pending for a consolidation of the United
Mine Workers of America and the West
ern Federation of Miners. .President Moy
er of the Western Federation admitted
to-day that the subject was under con
sideration, but would not say Just how far
negotiations had progressed. .
DENVER, Colo., Nov. 14.— While there
Is every prospect that the coal miners
in the Northern -Colorado field will accept
the proposal which the operators havo
mado and return to work next week," no
progress toward a settlement , of tho
strike In the south part of the State has
been made.
No Progress Toward Strike
Settlement in South' Part
of State.
Company Returns No Answer
to Men's Proposal for
a Conference. *
Chicago Railway Strike
to Be Fought to a
- Finish.
Big Coal Corporations
in Colorado Will
Not Yield.
REJECT ATTEMPT
AT ARBITRATION
WILL BE A TEST
OF ENDURANCE
THE SAN FKANCISCP CALL, SUNDAY V NOVEMBER .15, 1903.
Oliver Dibble, the son and law partner
of, Judge Dibble, left "San Francisco for
Washington, D. C, yesterday. Ho goes
on to argue tbe contested election case
of Julius Kahn vs. B. J. Llvernash.
Fourth Congressional District, before the
Committee on Elections of the House of
Representatives.
Oliver Dibble Goes East
to Represent the
Contestant.
24
t^ ;^ n _ n _ wj .^; ApVEBTISEMENTS.
1st JT ' fi^k* H 4^§^ " J&&L jjtf^k ' j&8bfL ' ¦
fV 6 1 Hid <!p 1 OO9OOO
For Liquozone— Yet We Give You a 50c Bottle Free.
This company, after testing Liquo- Liquozone does that. Oxygen is g»ndruff— Drop*? T\tnTiKr—<tuxtMr
«one for two years in the most dim- Nature's greatest tonic— the very kSTd'^^ -'tdSSI^S
cult germ diseases, paid $100,000 for fO urce of vitality Its effects are ex- 1 *— sypwiu Tumors— uiows
,the United States rW -That is by g^J .SSSftSaSS"- iWW&Ei^!
SnlaV rfeluV^y e .den5fic d '& Nothing else in the world i, ,o good K \^^U^n
gDiUr n C hU any But germ, are vegetables,
We onblish this fact to show you a ,nd this excess of oxygen— the very laer. aceompiiahin* what no druca o*o «•.
the value of Liqtiorone. The most } lf * of *n_ animal— is deadly to vege- _ 50c Bottle Free. ;
worthless product may have great ,'f m ¦ "r 'If you need Liquozone, and hive
claims made about it, but men don't Wc spend. fourteen days in making never tried it, please send us this cou-
p&y a price iiko that save for a discov- each bottle of. Liquozone; but the re.- p O n. We will then mail you an order
ery of remarkable worth toVhumanity. «olt is liquid oxygen — a/ product on r your local druggist for a full-size^
P K1I16 Inside Germs. - 1 " ' cure dl "" e ? , whic ! 1 n T ° bottle, and we will pay your druggist
, T . ,,.... 71.' medical skill can cure without it. It ourselves for it. This is our free mft
l^^^t W^h.'Sr.."^ » s n r m ? loycd i n *v*ry; g reat hos- made S'Sfc;^«^h^S
¦iHl .TcSain ha*t we puWUh bn #*& »fd indorsed by every medical what Liquozone is, and what. it. can
everV bottler off" of% P rooo for °a tUth °^ y ' thc ? WOrId OVCr ' t^h^^t^S^^^
diseie germ that it cannot kill. % Germ Diseases. "I n cK>bligaVio n whaled"" 7 ° —^
Str&TJLTTny £rm*dW A^-re the. known germ disease,; Liquozone costs 50c and $1.
And there is no other way to do it. A " t " at medicine .-¦ can., do for these ¦ ..,¦¦..-, .... . ... - . .
Any drug that kills germs is a poison is to^help^Nature overcome CUT OUT THIS COUPON^
to you, and it cannot be taken inter- "^Berms, and. *uch, results, are mdi- for thl. offer may not »w>iarja»min.> yiu
„,!!„ i; m mr ft n^ ain'nr ranatti'rt « rect ¦ and • Uncertain. LiquOZQne kills out 'the- blanks -and mail -It -to 'the -Liquid'
n * n 7\ 20116 al .°" c f an . . att * ck * the eerms wherever thev are "and the ©wne Co.. 221-229 B. K««i« St., Chi«Uo.
trouble that is caused by inside germs inc germs, wnerever iney are, ana tne
-and it cures diseases which medi- [«ults are inevitable v By-Destroying My dis.asei....... ......... .....i........
. **., -,_.j the-cause of the^trouble it.invanab y I have never tried Uquoion*,' but it you
.cme never cured. ends thc disejlsCt . and forcver: > win « ppiy «n. a boo botu. fr^ 1 : win
Liquid Oxygen. taken. mBJ
-Uquozone is simply TTquid oxygen *££SU ABemU ¦¦fZ5££fflS3Z': ¦¦¦''''-'••"•"' .......
fc— no dnigB, no alcohol in It. It IS the BnmchlUt. Ooltre-^-Oout J ,
Idiscoyery of Pau^the great German , fig^KSS. '^^-S^L^ R14 •••;---- ! ;;---v.v....v
chemist, who spent twenty yearson Bomi Trouble. Kidney Diseajies .:¦••••!•*•••••••••.•.••••'.••• •:••••;
IL His object waa to -get such an ex- g^jh^-cow^ u^^, .- I Glva ¦<"» *adr^»^write plainly.,.
cess of oxygen in staple form into"; the coii^c^oup i^v*?Tro?bu. '<:':'. ¦--'.' Any physician^or^ hospital Knot yeti
"blood that no germcouldhve in any gSSSPS***: \i .*£g$£FgS£-< ' u ?. in / -Liquozone Vwill ¦ be gladly sup- \
memDrane Of tissue. • Dysentery— Diarrhea Piles— Pneumonia plied; forratest.
ADVURTISEMENTS.
A TEST EXPERIMENT.
Peculiar Power Possessed by a New
Medicine.
, - Of new discoveries there Is no end. but
I one of tbe most recent, most remarkable
and one that will prove Invaluable to
thousands of people is a discovery which
j It la believed will take tbe place of all
; other remedies for the cure of those com
I znon and obstinate diseases, dyspepsia and
etomach troubles. This discovery Is not a
' loudly advertised, secret patent medicine,
. but Is a scientific combination of whole-
* come, perfectly harmless vegetable es-
j fences, fruit salts, pure pepein and bls-
, xnuth.
These remedies are combined in locenre
'form, pleasant to take and will preserve
¦ their rood qualities indefinitely, whereas
all liquid medicines rapidly lose whatever
I good qualities they may have had as soon
as uncorked and exposed to the air.
This preparation is called Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets, and It is claimed that one
"of these Tablets or lozenges will digest
from S00 to 2000 times its own weight of
(neat, eggs and other wholesome food.
And this claim has been proven by actual
experiments In the following manner: A
hard boiled egg cut into small pieces was
placed in a bottle containing warm water
heated to ninety-eight degrees (or blood
heat); one of these Tablets was then
placed In the bottle and tbe proper tem-
perature maintained for three hours and
a half, at the end of which time the egg
«*as as completely digested as it would
fcave been in a healthy stomach. This ex-
periment was undertaken to demonstrate
! that what it would do in the bottle it
would also do In the stomach, hence its
unquestionable value In the cure of dys-
. pepsla and weak digestion. Very few
people are free from some form of lndl-
eestion, but scarcely two will have the
came symptoms. Some will suffer most
from distress after eating, bloating from
gas in the stomach and bowels; others
i have add dyspepsia or heartburn; others
¦ palpitation or headache, sleeplessness,
: pains in chest and under shoulder blades,
•extreme nervousness as in nervous dys-
pepsia, but they all have the same cause-
failure to properly digest what Is eaten.
• The stomach must have rest and assist-
ance, and Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets give
It both by digesting the food for it, and in
a short time it is restored to its normal
. action and vigor. At the same time the
Tablets are so harmless that a child can
take them with benefit. This new prepa-
ration has already made many astonishing
"cures, as, for instance, the following:
After using only one package of Stu-
art's Dyspepsia. Tablets I have received
euch great and unexpected benefit that I
.wish to express my sincere gratitude. In
fact.. It has been six months since I took
the package, and I have not had one par-
ticle of distress or difficulty since. And all
this in the face of the fact that the best
doctors I consulted told me my case was
Chronic Dyspepsia and absolutely incura-
ble, as I had suffered twenty-five years
I distributed half a dozen packages among
my friends here, who are very anxious to
try this remedy.
MRS. SARAH A. SKEEL.
LynnvUIe, Jasper Co.. Mo.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are sold by
druggists everywhere at 50 cents for full
sized packages. A little book on Stomach
Diseases mailed free by addressing F. A.
Stuart Co.. Marshall. Mich.
;.._!" ¦ . ..--: .-..,., ••¦. ADVEBTISEMENTS. . . ' -'.
© '¦ daS&L /&£%> i^ —^^¦3 ', - ' ¦ "
3 "THE CREDIT HOUSE" v ; 233ii35^37 POST .STREET
SpThe Biggest Fiirniiitpe Hoiise on the Pacific Coast
i --'fjlg*^' i^^ !gggaB^"^ffi3| v Every line of good furniture that the manu- & g
• mH\ I WM HM^ll'^li" ffl facturer makes at the most reasonable prices fe\^^ilb*^f
• I Juj Iggi; igg 'i| ,JSf any furniture house can offer. Individual pieces vWlf^^^^NJ?
§ Snj 'SB MjPf lip mm that have required hi^h art to produce. Good, j^^^^m^J
S \¥^^^^^^^^^ Mm substantial furnishings for the moderate house- % |a iin f
g \ Wm holder and single sets that have the value of an \| \& I |
• }\ m^^/^^A Mm/mm entire home. Here are a few strong specials for % |||| il d
• i^^^^? '"' TW '1^ ;1^^ffiffl the coming week. Choose them now and let us <3^»l|i|M| iFy^^==x
I ' -TO? Wm deliver them at your order. ¦
S Special Price, $70.00 Special Price, $1.85
q Full Quartered Oak Buffet— One Special for the Week, $11.00 Try this Rocker here before pur-
| llliiiliricilh'i .CI-7J7 v e .ourcov erine or corduroy, or ,h.s S^'Sfirta
| s-rmounud b y a china cupboard »],„ fSg$£gSfa£ SSSfE&
g cottage lattice windows; .brench plate lonK r ococo scroll effect; finely finished and stronely made; an seat and well-turned spindles; a biz of-
9 bevel mirror throughout the 07fl fin exclusive desien. Regular price $16.50; Special for Oil (\f\ fer. Regular price, $ioO. Ol QC
» back. Soecial for the week.. V I UiUU . the week ...,.;.:... ......; ,... y ....... QlliUU Special for the week....'.:... OliOO
:^HJ" -"^'- «.•.***<¦•*- O""" I 'F*i.ANiCJ*T& ..-:
I :/ lVi rt 1 - : r-r— All-wool Blankets, 64x78 inches
I _ Ta ff —large enough to cover the larg-
I est bed; weight 6 pounds— one of p <|f P *m
9 S thc neav ' est blankets made; fin- |g
• It K P^ & ished in pretty, artistic borders of s§3 • Sgi HI
I 11 i i i blue or pink or red; selling regular- p g _M^ M
I W"« «-8k ly for $6.00; now offered as our '^^s^^&^^^^^^^
• & m W ® bi^ holida y drapery special, only s=======a * s=^^
I @ W while they last, and not more than =*>-^
I W) *&¦*•¦¦'¦ tw0 10 a customer » for tnis week, Xg^
I q • ™ V r*~~ ' S395 Special This Week, $30.00
\ bpeCial ThlS Week, $7.65 Selected grain, large quartered oak Library
\ A Thanksgiving board for a Thanksgiving bird. fe»a| %lwil Table - A beautifal gift for yourself or your friend.
\ A square, solid oak, golden finished Dining Table, strong i l|l |\ y^^^Ei |/ S^iM i Hl^ hlv Polished, curved top and beveled edges. See our
i and durable; 42-inch top, 6-foot extension, supported by fflWi WWmmWk HWll lb - rary lin i" 75 different styles to choose from, and in all
k , .. -.-..'. , or t • -I le^RJ ))'$ ftti i H <//¦'// 'If/L 1 designs and woods. This one, regular price. C0(\ fin
» heavy cable-twisted legs. 8-foot extension; special. « « f/MlMMUIt 'I' Ml 'J $42.50. Special for the week OOUiUU
) ?!).».).. 6-foot extension, regular price,, $12.^0; C7 CC nl rjjlJ tWfiWf/jwFfflly n Jp/Yt
I . special till Thanksgiving /. 0 I • U J B \\h j 'AlfM \WjM\ $i\ II ~ ~— —
\ — T K WWWW/ 111 This quarter-. RUGS
\ 9 A Fr% T^ / S P CCiarPriCC ' llniTifii/ir Sawed °^ China AxminsterRugs-InOrienta,
» A WOnderful display Of $40 00 1 ill OLxJlilL 'MM CabinetGoldenor styles; strict copies of rare Dag-
j CarpetS-3000 rOliS be- ". ,. I f% J ?W0HS ( |f ' Weathered Oak fin- '
5 fore you in the largest . A . . ar^ c and ' HI / J(JUMi ;B i ish - moldedt °P and • s pcc iai this week....
t n \ n « ¦*. tasteful line of »ig» / WAx&M'M / 3%^ pilastercd French Blue and Light Green Delft
» tarpet Department on many varied dis- smm ? OliiS y wiw «,«;.^'w.."i. a^^ Ru s s - manv sizes "- size ° feet bv
the PaCifiC CoaSt A P^y designs. |K^ || (If f |f| curved legs, leaded 12 Spccial {or thc *tn nn
j tne. racmc i,oasi. ,a Scores of . styles of Ml f» bSil ! f MiM R lass <*°°™ with ¦ wcek 010. UU
[ buyer Constantly in the China Cabinets. fe^^^^^^^^Hl^^§i bent « nds : double Small Axminsters in beauti-
? EaSt, ChOOSing the VCry Sideboards and J2y ivu * d *" "^ iJ^^?^"*fc' mirrors: regular Oriental blues and camel's
? latPSt and mOSt exnui- Buffets, in all the J J* Iff f 7 Price $70. Spe- ¦ hSta^nY'shirva/'desijSs:
,• iatCbl dim muai CAl|Ul different woods and \ ft K^-cial the C/J(l a select line. Special QO nn
1 Site Patterns. :'?". finishes. . »*^^ a "" v*-* 517 " week for the week vZiUU
1 ' T .'
; A3)V < KjtyTgTr»yB'yprg[
S iiP©§^-.^^//' A MILLION ROMPING, ROY- fl
i S! * =< *^^^^ • STEBINQ AMERICAN BOYS, i
H iK&f t* 36 ki^d that eat too much pis |
M *? VV^^A "whenever they get a chance, H
fs #K <*r~^ ¦'bWsB know that there's a sweet little «
i '¦-,'- K~& &-O $kS&8 frasrrant medicine tablet — a ij
m /**¥ \**~ "^ fi&^v Pleasure to eat it— that cures B
H Vf^Sfaft-X. WfV that torture of childhood— ft
i V^^^-^9 * J SMALL BOYS' COLIC. Some- H
m *$%&£%&?'' "2 times the little girls get it too I
i l^^y \W —but OASOARETS Candy Ca- I
H %3^,1^ " *sEf thartio, the perfect bowel and K
a _ t»IL liver medicine and preventive K
i j^t&Tf^-rTimJL* of childhood's ailments, keep g
M ' J^^^^l^ the children's stomachs and |
m ' systems always in perfectly |
a f healthy condition. "Wise moth- E
M f _\\tmSmtmm^^^ era always keep a box handy in B
a C^7^^^^^b&3^ the house. All druggriats, 10c, P
H S/j2aKmM&&\ r ~ s** 25c » 60a Bd sure you eet the H
m yS^^^\ >^ genuine— each tablet marked P
i /(WiPtiyT i & OOC. Sample and booklet |
I ¦¦•.'/ ,'v (& n " Th * y &TERUNQ REMEDY CO.,
1 lib mTfeei ' OhlcaffO or New York.- 1
I ANNUAL S ALE — TEM BOXES I
1^ greatest in the World m kSTOCKTON, Nov. 14.— William Woolsey,
manager and principal owner of the Wool
sey Implement Company, has been miss
ing from his accustomed haunts in this
city since last Saturday, and creditors
are worrying. Woolsey's disappearance
and attachments levied on the property
left in the store caused a sensation - in
commercial circles.
There have been rumors for several
weeks that all was not as It should be
with the Woolsey Implement' Company.
It was reported that the manager was
selling vehicles lower than the firm could
afford to do, and that the bills against
the firm were not being paid as promptly
as they had been in times gone by.' Last
Saturday, when Woolsey's absence was
Disappearance of a Prominent Busi
ness Man pf Stockton. Causes
. . Sensation.
MANAGEB IS ABSENT
AND CBEDIT0BS W0BBY
the highwaymen. The convicts opened
flre and two of the posse were- killed out
right, while two were seriously wounded,
leaving Tell and another man to fight out
the battle alone. Finally Yell's compan
ion sought shelter. In the open, with bul
lets whizzing by him. Tell kept up his
flre until his ammunition was exhausted.
The ex-convicts were finally captured
with reinforcements, and Tell, when he
took his ofllce. convicted all of them of
murder of various degrees.
Diamonds have gone up S and 10 per
cent at a bound, regardless of the rights
of the "poor who must have them.* ""
SAN JOSE, Nov. 14. — While blasting
for a new road through the Odd Fellows*
Home tract, six miles east of this city,
William Cameron lost an eye and M. J.
Tregoning had one hand almost torn to
pieces. A blast had been j set, but the
fuse was withdrawn, without being fired.
Later the men drilled in the same hole,
when an explosion occurred." It is pre
sumed that the percussion cap had been
left in the hole and this caused . the
explosion. . Cameron received almost the
full charge in his face. One of 'his eyes
was destroyed : and the other ibadly. in
jured, and it is doubtful whether the In
jured eye can be saved. Tregoning's
hand was badly torn. It was necessary
to amputate the- little finger and '¦ the
hand may yet have to be removed. Both
men have been - brought to the Garden
City Sanitarium. Cameron and Tregon
ing reside • in the neighborhood of . the
place of the accident and have families.
Off With Terrible Results to
•' Drill r Men..
Percussion, Cap < Is. Accidentally Set
TWO MEN INJUBED
; BY AN EXPLOSIQN
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 14.— Mounted on
a bicycle a daring thief yesterday suc
ceeded in robbing Miss Lena Hadaway, a
school teacher, of J03 and a pocketbook,
and Mrs. E. T. Howe of a purse contain
ing $15. He turned the tricks while riding
rapidly, and before his victims could re
cover from their surprise and act he was
out of sight.
The method of the thief is new in Port
land, and each of the victims could
scarcely believe she had been robbed. The
women at first thought the rider had ac
cidentally come bo close to them that his
handlebars caught their purse strings,
but upon reflection decided they had been
cleverly dispossessed of their money.
Miss Hadaway was robbed of her entire
faJary for the previous month. She was
walking down, the street, when the robber
approached from the rear. She heard the
wheel coming, but paid no heed. A3 he
passed her he grasped her purse, break-
Ing the small chains.
Special XHzpatch to The Call.
Portland Criminal Oper
ates in an Original
Fashion.
RIDING ROBBER
TAKES PURSES
BACRAMBNTO, Nov. 14.— Friends of
Archibald Yell, who has been selected as
the new "Warden of Folsom prison, de
clare that he will be "among those pres
ent" if any. attempt is made among the
prisoners to break Jail while he is War
den. It is recalled here that Just prior
to his election as District Attorney of
Mendoclno County Yell had a desperate
pistol fight with a band of ex-convict rob
bers. An ex-convict, a dentist named Dr.
Wheeler, gathered from Nevada and
Montana a number of other ex-convicts
and put into effect a plan to rob the Tax
Collector of Mendoclno County while he
was on a tour with his collections. Yell
joined a Sheriff's posse, whlcli intercepted
Ingoing Officer Bears a Good Record
as a Fighter and At
torney.
FOLSOM7S NEW WABDEN
A MAN OF COTTRAGE
PRESCOTT, Ariz., Nov. 14.— Judge
Sloan toj-day handed down a decision in
an injunction case against certain miners
and miners' unions in this county in which
he made permanent the temporary In
junction issued by the United States
Court thre« months ago.
The injunction was asked for by the
Yavapai Mine Operators' Association to
restrain union miners from interfering
¦with the operation of their properties.
The injunction was fought by the West
ern Federation of Miners, who employed
eome of the best legal talent ln the Ter
ritory. It is thought the action of Judge
Bloan ln making the injunction perma
nent TV-ill put an end to the strike cases
in this county.
FEBMAIvTNT III JUNCTION
MAY PREVENT STRIKES
Judge Benders Decision in Important
Mins Case in Yavapai County,
Arizona.
first noted, F. J. Vlebrock pTaced an at
tachment on the stock. Other attach
ments followed, and it Is said that there
will be more.- Business men who claim to
know say that the debts oCnhe firm are
fully $15,000, and that there is less than
$5000 worth of stock ln the store.
Nome Steamer Was Last Sighted Off
Yakutat Nearly Three Weeks
Ago.
STILL NO NEWS FROM
THE LOST DISCOVERY
SEATTLE, Nov. 14. — The Nome steam
er Discovery Is still unreported. The
steamer City of Seattle arrived last night
from Lynn Canal, but she saw nothing of
the overdue vessel. The Discovery was
last sighted October 28 off Takutat. She
has about forty passengers.
The word "nice" is so latltudincrus that
It has losttthe best of its meaning.
WELL-KNOWN THESPIANS
IN GEBMAN PERFORMANCE
Julius Ascher and Mrs. Mathilda
Fleischer to Produce a Musi
cal Comedy.
Julius Ascher, who for many years
acted as stage manager at the Conrefd
German Theater ln New York, and Mrs.
Mathilde Fleischer, formerly of the Ot
tllie Genee Company, are to give a series
of German performances in this city.
Ascher, as an excellent character come
dian and skillful stage manager, is favor
ably known ln this country as well as
abroad. Mrs. Fleischer is also a great
favorite with the many patrons of the
German stage. Mrs. Jcsie La Fontaine.
Mrs. Martha Pholte and Paul Sonnen
berff and other clever performers will
give the n«w enterprise a successful start.
"Ehruche Arbeit" (Honest Labor), a mu
sical comedy In five acts, w.111 be the first
production.
at 84,000 is perplexing the officials of the
Mining Company at
' Tocopah. The company declares that the
ore was ehipped over the Carson and Col
orado Railroad from Sodaville recently,
and was consigned to a smelting works
i>n the coast. At Mound House the cars
v.ere transferred to the Virginia and
Truckoe Railroad and the latter company
delivered them to the Southern Pacific
Company at Reno.
The four cars did not arrive at their
destination and. all efforts to trace them
(*em to have been fruitless thus far.
Agonts have been at work, but the disap
pearance remains as much a mystery as
ever. The last heard of the cars was at
lleno. where all trace of them was lost.
CARSON CITY, Nev., Nov. 14— The dls
r.ppearance of four carloads of ore valued
CABS FILLED WITH OBE
STRANGELY DISAFPEAB
Mining Company at Tonopah Marvels
at the Loss of Bich •
Freight.
Nt:i!l then relates that after receiving
his conge Parker left Portland for parts
then unknown and that he failed before
leaving to render cny accounting cf the
company's funds then In his hands,
which amounted, Neill declares, to over
$1000.
"Morosco early discovered that Parker
was entirely unfit for the responsibilities
cf business management. He either could
not cr would not furnish statements to
Mcrosro cf the weekly business of the
< ompar.y. Our uneasiness and uncertainty
f.nnlly became so keen that we wired
Parker hia discharge." '
end Morosco. For a long time I have
beea dissatisfied with Parker's business
:r.anagemcnt. the feeling culminating in a
rtupid neglect of Parker's In so booking
my company that I was left in the best
part of the season with two 'open'
¦weeks.
g^cial Dlspttch to Tfc» Call.
..KTLAND. Or., Nov. lS.-Ames Neill.
( ;i<- actor, charges that Charles Actor
Parker, former manager of the James
Neill company and more recently mana
ger cf the Neill-Morosco company, has
2evar.:ed with about J1W0 belonging to the
loiter named organization and that de
tective* have located h'.m ln Minneapolis.
whence he will be returned to Portland
to render an accounting of his steward
ship.
Parker is well known along the Paclfio
Coast ee a theatrical manager and agent.
lie was regarded as standing very close
to Nei;i. and surprise ln theaterdom was
creat when in the micst of the.engage
ment of the Neill-Morosco company at the
liaker last month the management of the
botXM was notified by wire that Parker
).ad been deposed and that Robert Mor
: is was hi* duly authorized successor.
There was much speculation as to the
rause of the rupture, but all concerned
were client on the subject.
Now that the cat has been let out of the
hag by Neill himself it is explained by
people who were "on the iff<de" through
out that Oliver Morosco was inclined to
he lenient with Parker and enjoined all
concerned r.ot to allow the facts of Par
ker's discharge to become public.
Neill. however, it of different mind on
the matter. In a letter received here to
day, written in Butte. he says in part:
"There has been no personal quarrel
between Parker and myself or Parker
Light I? Shed on Troubles
of a Theatrical Com
paDy.
Neill Says Former Man
ager Decamped With
Goodly Sum.
ACTOR DECLARES
COIN WAS TAKEN
THE SA1ST FBAKCISCO CALL. SDXDAY, NOVEMBER 15-1903.
San Jose Wants Weather Station.
BAN JOSE. Nov. 14.— The San Jose
Grange wants a weather station estab
lished in San Jose, and at the meeting
of the Grange to-day a resolution was
adopted asking United States Senator
Perkins to use hia influence in the mat
ter. It is urged that the climatic condi
tions and the large fruit interests de
mand the establishment of such a sta
tion. A parcels post and savings bank
was also Indorsed by the Grange.
25
• - * JLDVERTISEMENTS. ' " . . ,. ,
' '¦ • • ' ¦" : '-. " - • l.:- : ~'' : ¦ y— *-*'¦ t " x "? • ' i:-'\(^c^± ,^_^^ - - ; - j; -' __. •_ ii^
SALE OF LADIES APRONS
AT.T. OF*, GOOD QUALITIES. WE KEBP.NOTHINO ELSE. THESE ARE NEW,. FBESH ANT> FINE APRONS, MADE OF LAWN, CAMBBIC, GINGHA^E AND FAST BLACK
SATEEN. LABGB ONES, -SMALL ONES AND MEDIUM-SIZED ONES, AND MUCHLY UNDEB - PBIOED. ".' '
IX 1C Large Lawn Apron, hemstitched, six-inch hem. t J ri CA« Hemstitched Bib Aprons, wide' shoulder straps, fine li. CA r A great, big. fast black Mercerized Sateen A^ron; deep
Al L»\C Large Lawn Apron, three-inch hem, embroidery flT gill. Lawn and deep hems. - • "'"• '- . . Al uvv hem, liberal strings.
ni " uw trimmed, large strings. .. ; " , , . . ¦ - ¦• . , . *
i. «r Large Cambric Apron, wide and deep, five-Inch hems, lA Cfl« Fine Lawn, embroidered, wide hem all around. Ai- 7C r Three styles Insertion Aprons, fine and large, good
At ZoC a" hemstitched, stitched. • \- Al 3uw Ruffled Tea Apron, fine tucks and wide, long strings. Al llJw Lawn. *,:'•?-
At 2^c s, 0ma11 Tea Apron8 ' embrolderr trimme<1 ' flno At Sflc e?a u i^ y s e O fiu^ rg in^ At 75c Mtthta ' Apmah flne and wlde tucfcl
Al % . - A I- 3UL great "beauties for the price. HI .|tfW «»» ™»P %£££¦* , j.^'^
A 4- 1C» A flne, large Qlngham Apron and a fast black one, same k± rA_ Cook's Apron, good - Gingham, buttons around waist. A r Ci A A f™e Lawn' Aprons, two styles. on« yard wide, slx-
Al Zt)C»l«e. ¦ ' i Al !t)UC runs nearly to shoulder. • A I inch hem and embroidered bib and shoulder straps.
;£ .".'".: HANDrM/ilDE UNbERWEAR
FOB "BBTJDES TO BE"— A MOST OHABMING SELECTION OF SOME OF THE FINEST PARISIAN LINGERIE— SINGLE PIECE AND SETS. HAND-MADE GOWNS FROM $5.00
TO $50.00 EACH. HAND-MADE PETTICOATS, $3.50 TO $55.00 EACH. HAND-MADE CHEMISES, $2.75 TO $25.00 EACH. HAND-MADE DRAWERS, $2.50 TO $20.00. HAND-
MADE SETS, THREE PIEOES, $15.00 TO $125.00 PER SET. ' •
LABES 1 GOWHS. XiADEBS' DBAWESS. OHH.DBEN'3 SK1ETS, 25c. UU3IES' MiAKWEIiBTrra^ OOVenBrS— Z^ASZES' WAISTS— £ZTBA VAX.UBS
.... " .. „ ,¦---- , I; , M At BOc— Cambric extra wide flounced Gtood. muslin, .well made, hemstitched 7 !?tra %ne Md*Vid e and" S —At- 81J5— New." heavy white walat
At 45o— Good muslin, full size, tucked Drawers; . splendid quality; hem- and ruffled; ages 2 to 10 years. ' ; r?iht^^full yllSein^lery &r£e£l of vesting granite clotn; very great
yoke and ruffled cuffs. ¦ W^l WrS ' ' OHH^BH^S QOW^. ,60c 0HI3iDBBH . s
At 750— Heavy, good muslin; high usuai quwiy. ; • Splendid muslin, well made, neat em- GOWKS — «0c — Good flannelette, soft At «aw>_All-wool Flannel Waist;
'nU-Wmnirf with fln« Vnrirn »«<i At $1.00— Finest muslin, -quality in broidery edging; yoke of clustered and warm; ages 8 to 14 years.40c; \ a TTTZZ. rl v, tt tn«*- tailor style and
neck, trimmed with flne tucks and , gy^y Bt itch ; . fine i embroidery and tucks; very exceptional value; ages ages 4 to C years, 35c; (he^ usual 50c large pearl buttons, tailor siyie ana
good embroidery. • perfectly made. '.*/ . -. 2 to 14 years. • quality. : ; ;¦;,¦ finish; extra value.
There's a reason
Look in «ach package for a copy of the
famous little book. 'Tb« Road to Well-
"Last May I was so run down I only
weighed 111 pounds, and I realized that I
must 6top smokier, and stuck to it for
about ten days, but was so nervous and
out of oorts my family told me I had bet-
ter ro back to smoking. a» it was Impos-
sible to live with me. It was just about
this lirae rny wife brought a package of
Grape-Nut 8 on the table one morning,
and as I could eat nothing else ehe in-
duced rr,o to try a little of that. So I took
a teaEpoonful of it, and, strange to say.
It tasted good, and by .the time I had it
down I knew it had gone to the right
ei;ot. so I took some more, and it was the
.fiist food I had relished for weeks.
"So I kept up the use of Grape-Nuts,
fci.d as my appetite came back added other
foods, and I am now back to my old
weight of 1S3 pounds, never felt better In
xry We and. strange as it may eeem, I
have no further craving for the tobacco,
end I thoroughly believe that only the
courage and ambition I got out of the
food Grape-Nuts has . given me the
Ftrength to <;qU smoking. If every one
knew the power of this wonderful food
you would not be able to build a factory-
big enough to supply it" Name given
by Postum Co., Battle Creek, Mich.
A business man says: "For thirty years
I smoked on an average of ten or fifteen
c.'gars a day, and then mjr nervous sys-
tem collapsed and I had about made up
my mind that It was all vv with me, for I
had tried many times to break off from
i he tobacco, but it always failed.
Improper food creates abnormal tastes,
and there are many cases on the medical
records where the licfuor habit and tobac-
co habit have been caused by wrong food
and have easily been cured by the use
of the scientific food Grape-Nuts, which
ro thoroughly nourishes and rebuilds the
rcrves that they stop the cry for stimu-
lants.
BAD HABITS
Improper Food Often Leads to Tobac-
co and Drink.
GBAPB-NTJTS.
JOE ROSENBERG'S. r: 1 JOE - ROSENBERG'S. j JOE ROSENBERG'S. • | JOE ROSENBERG'S, , | " JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S.
~ ' ' .'"'. ¦ I.,,.,...* ' A - " ~ ¦" ' "•' ¦- . '
JS3BS3B5fctgitSMi3BP!BEMr3l8^MMIgt^Kjjg^^^';^>y^Ajy£y^-^^^
"«"• • i •*•»»«• ' #fis SWHj sK§?85«*5rP»r ' f'Sf S Jf /f % » • jf& IFf* • f (Oa Sale in Our Bargain Baoernent.) J j
• ' * *-^»^-^&s^-%£ fliaiPiliiiflillr JtlrSfP §*& jfflffi&sFii* (TfiJvfFiO §3 8iiPF*Iffi& T r f t* 1 " l3 not tba tlme of J*^ II
I _ii£lliai£r?™^j?Yi • V if M& €> G.8&&9P «T b^ *{[€£(/£$,#„*/**« fry WMaIEB *ef*f*J [I . ... . . . y ear that ladies usually buy &^ ?
P^'.ce - r^^^^^K^^^^^\ Something New and Good in Why Not Fix Up Your Dresser or Jot This in Your Memory Book to //$\ I
cjyT Jl^f^^^^^^F^^Mm§mk Hosi8f y- m Roonl fcr Thanksgiving Come and See These Petticoats, gske? Z£%?n°\r%h (pfjy 1
"Tw/^^^Si W&W/JMI Th « SADIES' HOSE— Made of fast When you can got real hand-made .^^ Thev loo k like silk. to resist when you see Att'~///g
JCj$!r M m^mk^lWWM^W/pIm blaok velvet-finished thread. Jersey BATTEXBERG TIDIES at such low MV^K " but will wear better. • them. FVhjJ/ I
W^ • •- ¦¦rtQffimES&BwmfiP^WrWffl knit, tight fitting; double heels, toes prices as these? $S&5«S%_ Made of silk-finished m^«* r*~,,«..~ J
*_. .^jCi K fitf l **^*^^S^'-^/iW •*> M&/Ml7Mi'i and soles, ilade expressly for us: you Nine inches square or round, in all- #&S&^£*^, Sateen- in black and l^OTSGt V»0Y6rS« , * 'l\ £
&&"iti&&xji l «^-lSi X- M'iJhSi'** r^x't//mT/3 * v> ' j11 appreciate the pood points when over lace or heavy linen. center „ iTw5SS$fc**§i; white fancy stripes; ! 1 "* ) r
X/M{j™* . ¦V f lfWMf you sec them. Our price Ii3c .trimmed with hand-made Battenberg <i^^§5^^ depp umbrella flounce. Beiralar 15o quality, sam- \|* «/ K
T^fffljTfi. -<tt*^ \f*Xy$&i!&/MwJ/!l^ I orfinp' - '••"-•- ., • «. . . .''•..' lace - Price iI5c t ~»^^-> wUn twQ rufflea# an{ j pie price 7c / \ <; '.':*\ f
PSiJvS^ f&r^ W^X^P^^ 1^^ LdUicS HO" HhlP 111 Pri Pi!' Fanr»V . • .. • finished with six tailor stitched bias Eeirular 3So Quality, jam- »*2£gA) 4
Va^lfw V" MYiClPs^lAV OUIIlCtllillg Ulllli III LfiUlBb rdllOl •; Arnfhpr bands. Fit and hani? as they should. pis price -/B^f' r I
\ WM jf^ ni..|,, • .,- Unoiaru • - «HUHIOIi The Quantity will not last long at this <\^...«- V^ 3 ' I
&Ga£j&*r ' »§>^^ DIqGK- flUo'.Clji 20 inches squarp, with linen center, low price SI. 00 uOWHSi . -' M
Smm? , ' mk suk '0mb, n^m if^i^S™ Th8 m «** is siHsiHi-Sr I
Vt0G&&PW VS // // ftWil lavender mixed with black. Price ..50c tid >' * Oc -_ . Wny not get 0ne of tneS( , S1.25 Quality, saapla Price «
'1 Yv/^>£tfftv *^ /// //, MW&Mrt If ; .visit Our Bargain Bas^n^t " Visit Our Barffain Basement. Krf EIDERDOWN JACKETS? U
Y*5*3l£t"w/uh il/i //// J%irJfj/iwW/ / /e HOSBi ¦ . ¦ , ,m ¦¦ >Vv. — Made of all-wool Ripplo Hrawprc *J
L/IWML W li fill///// jW^W////W/// Injtiut r , .. p . , - „ "7niiaVp" r&ff?S Cloth Eiderdown: deep . UrdWerb. rf
// > /////// jdmffltmr cn««5^i Foundation -or Stock Collar. """"detachable /i-re* ina^o^Vk »»• ««"ty. .^ pA e. i» c s
f/fll MWiMM' /^W^f//j0Wffw Sp8Cial -afiSB-* , For keeping the rib- Jk^^S^ C O^S^SfS WW* Sj^^S^? SSS^S ffi SSSg' l^lll gST. 1
'///// MrmJ^^Wi^f - f///v/\\\n'{^^l0J^^M%'W ¦ J^SwIp^ bon in " P lace around DRESS SHIELD— NX i% shell pattern. In red. blue. 65c QuaUty. sample price 4oC a
Hi Lv'Ht/ 'FtyB-*. //u/yMlwf^^^fS6/^n/tMjar tM IT your neck; also for "**t*L">»"<\<£!?^&» Recommended by *? "t pink and gray. Your A , ., „ . ., . tl i r f\
///////, VV'^ ' /JWM* iWWd^OTr \l Ih -making -the new Queen" •^^^# " the Journal of * • money's worth or your OllS flf t!lS BBSt YaIll8S That &Y8T
'I '11/llaAmbL. WE* 'W/////m/M™ JnMW OIlIU 7 Leslie Collar.. which is T Health and medi- money back here. Price 75c UU0 Ul l!l ° »aiueg iuui bisi g
Hi'itmtifxMtfo '*•*****' ' ' <'(f/i///fife -¦¦ ¦'- ¦'¦ - ' trimmed in velvet rib- cal profession. Easily washed. It fits • . Use Roan PrintoH M
%"'//£5^ '*W%^1BT • .. J? on and beads. All over your back, arms and chest and f\nr Ihonberrivinrr RlfWfl? HflVO """ Dwell IIUIUUi y
7 *^ • . sizes, all widths •• 8c Each can be adjusted to any size. Small, vlil I llalliYoglllllg UlUTOd IlQIC _ it Is » suxtdIs 11ns of H
" • . ....:' ..° " ' ' large and medium sizes.... OOc a pair Arr\u*A *r\ Anil* *»«*t w« «m lneVr B
Here Are Some Good Handkerchiefs Perfect Fitting Corsets- Make || 'J^^m:*^ | "Florodora." - -» - ----- - — MM £^«-^S 1
at Low Prices. . Perfect Fitting Dresses, ', %&?«! ;«-«£ .the fob „ skirt lhtter. ju ;; '"Iobosib, nh..no «,«•¦.«•.,«,. ifflt*® Sr.bV.?,'. 1^ p 2 c «S. w 'I
fercnt subjects ln colors; 3 for 5c, or . HEREI John bead ) loom, simple. and easy to a. patent clasp to raise your skirt to O f embroidery stitching on the back. *"> *" lain and cHtn»; untoreaX- I
lf»o a dozen. Mnmn Co!f Darllirtinfr Pnrcnfc ¦¦'- £?£ ' slm P le a chlld ca n any hefght.^ At the Price Cutter's.. Patent clasps: warranted and fitted. able heads. witH eyes which open and |
GENTS' HANDKERCHIEFS— Made WBlIlQ oBil-nBuUGIllg UOlSBISi . Prlce • • • 25c , 25c _ Only to be had ln this store. Price. . dose; and some wita natural hair and |
of extra strong lawn, with colored or M-ifln of i.. i.-.i • SI. 00 eyelashes. f:
white hemstitched hems. Full size, v^-> sateen boned through- *#S^k^ ' A(tW • . Double-Jointed, kld-coyered. eoik |
but small In price 5c out with unbreakable jd&fe dM& n. PCP<J *** hair flUed : " om8 elaborately £
LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS— Made Xmhioid bonlnl: self- S8 J JS« LflUtJoi dressed, others ia fancy costaaes: S
of sheer Shamrock linen, narrow hem- ¦<g'gjj^/-7' reducing belt attach- f8jS^^^*Sv /5SI They might last till 25o quality, sample price 1J»C &
Ftitch, with neat hand-made Initials. ¦ * menta. Equal if not /S5%&?55'^ Cr* noon. Wo doubt it. 40c quality, sample price -.%c 5
UnlaUndered, just as they came from superior to any made- gyJaMffifgF — i — & Such ffood values 75c quality, sample price 4Oc t
the nunneries. Price 10c to-order corset Price Sli.To \f \f 11 *&f\ " • /S-^fZ^^K RS the30 wOn>t Bo beg- $1.00 Quality, sample price (>.">c ft
Am Yon LookiiK l«r Beaulinvs? w. I. Eratl-Fom #. ', i , . . f^Sg 1 3lf2fe*S J^JSaSSsAfSl
Don't Judge the Quality by the - »i.oo ¦« ?%£2?&ig3S* SSBJSS §£! ??K 0 Tn The New Side Comb and Hair t.&SSX. 810 .? -^S I
f! r.\" Pripo Amnrinon Dniiifu of colors. Price 1Q C the chest; gives a perfect figure. In n«*«:.«- R^^^ frilled elastic, with patent H
low nicBi /^j American besuty W A-,-.m,wTrTTT.MT.»n.' plnk ' blue and whlte - pr^----50c R6iainGr. j$*^&. *«"on clasps, in pink, a
ALL-SILK TAFFETA ir^\ with a large' satin ribbon colors 24c Each in pink, blue and red. Price. .12% c 15c a pair IdAB HUVdllldgC Ul IIICoSLUn H
wid^No f-^in pfnlt' (w7# bow; in gray, pink and blue. KO T THE WISHBONE. WOT THE STXTPPIHO. SftSWlS. " PnCBS. H
fiyn blue h green. laVender. P a?io ' *gj^ " o r c J u^ e ' the corset by B ut. LADIES' SILK VESTS-Low But S MOTTBUBTLH which Come and look at ALL-OVER BEADINO WBBBXVO I
-5^3S5^J82 1 2a?aS o 5^ h Rough on Rats! . .ot^^^ ?^ ty^?!.^^.^ b^^ m ?^..^^e / S W w m« *«¦* 1^^!
able; 'width 100; in pink, blue. Nile, The new POM- —^.- But LADIES' APRONS— Made of iB^JAk SheUand Wool, hand cro- ">is iqw pnee 4UC H
maize, lavender, black and white PADOUR COMB /H^^SmSSk. fine lawn, with embroidery insertion. NOT THE W2CK, J^ffi\^^a cheted. circular shape, so . nr • . -r> . w ••• n n . . |j
1 He a yard keeps the head jg^SpwjaSjw Prlce ir ' c But HAIR RIBBONS— Width No. 7, V&t&ti*'* as to flt snugly over the A WSISt That TOU B8 PrOlld tQ «
AL*MO— All-silk satin taffeta, extra cool; more easily /^MiltMA »««r« ,^ ' all-silk, corded and washable: in shoulders. In different " IiQI01 MJUl ' uu » °° • IUUU lu fl
h^avy. full five inches wide. In pink. adjusted than old ¦ follPuWM^ffl^ NOT THE SECOND JOINT. pink, blue, red and white. Price li * ww combinations of colors. Woor «i# Vrtnr J\v*n\r*rrWinrr U
blue, Nile, brown, navy, black and style rats; made Mi 1 " But 2 5c TENERIFFE LACE DOI yard 3c Price 08c IlBfll 31 I OUl indiUvSglYing H
white. Special Monday and Tuesday. of highly polished lar • LIES. Hand-made. Price 18c • n» x i
127c Italian shell. W ' NOT THE GIZZARD, Mnlhintr Mnrn PnmfnrfoMn Tfinn U IMBr. M
Money - Saving *¦ NOT THE MVEB. But a CROCHETED SHAWL— Made N Otlling MOrB bOIIlTOnaDIe 1 11311 ,,..„,,, „,]!*. v, t B
liiot ArrivPfl store's price now 23c But UMBRELLAS— Patent self- of all-wool Saxony: in plnk. blue. %_ ri, e i} ft n-ii ?nSi A5h «?t>, ?J?^" K
JUSI AmVBQ. SAME AS PICTURE, openers; steel rod and steel frame. white and black. Price.. 50c ail ClaSliG D6lt« %£ win> 8 7eevV ll£ drtShfhll^ B
Direct from the mills. Our ladies' coin metal trimmed. Price 75c Ladles here Is one at a low rfrlee £r Jtlh tai^ Vt,'* nf-,rnoiu.r ¦ it ?wZ ti
and children's knitted underwear. Unrn Am Cnmo finnH I ana Off orinfrc NOT THE BACKBONE. Madaof r fancy tailed etastle -Xto •£ !&-*!
Made expressly for us and made right. HerB Ar6 OOfflB UOOll L3C6 UllBnngS NOT THE HEABT. :¦ • But a CHILD'S KNITTED VEST— wf, e Bt ° e eI tackle and £so . Bllde f'buTwa Cutter's 81.48 g
CHILDREN'S VESTS AND PANTS EsDe cIallv for trimmine your But 25c and 35c REMNANT VEILS; Made of Jersey knit yarn, with wash- fntoc^kT Price 2fJe n «.-» 4 1! UU tl
—Made of Peruvian yarn, fleece lined; Th aSSS}inir dresses and w2Sts in tuxedo and crisscross net. Price. . able taped buttons. In small and In DacK - ™ ce ' ;^ 5c UOmiOli %M \\M \\\\, M
vest, high neck and long sleeves; poiXTDE GFN'E all-over net or 10c large sizes. Now ....12c r; rn i PL n ,,,; nn> n t ft... l! ftlll I «4!««! wuiihwii uiiyiiBHiim g
WXM&mit^Mm First Showing of Our New Udies 1 yo j* r-*^ r -^^ 1
..LADIFS VESTS AKp-.PA^XS- {^£^£^^^1 \ — — 71. C.UFFON V E II.. K O."S"w 2 6e | ESilS. J^ «SK -JSZ » < ?¥t I^S 1
Jersey ribbed, medium weight; vest. money-saving store .......9oC .. Made ot fast black ffifffflk MENTS. perfectly made and g
hieh npek and lonp eleevps; pants, ., , • , ,, .. ,, ... , Warm WintOT HnQO ffir I flfllOQ anfl SfimP Im-tn-llpto AlltomnnllQ Fllk Peau de Boie, with v3n;' VJA at a verv low Price? W
French band and ankle length. Price. Mom app«l nf thP NOVP fV K I II H " d[f1 ' "I" 16 ' IlUdBJUl LdUIBb dUll OUIIIB Up-lU-UdlC MUIOlIIOQIIB /pmfpM\ four wide pleats. New iJjtljP LADIES' SKIRT— Made of E
'....-.48c Bach . muic ««0d Ul HIS I1UIC11J IVIIIU pkiMron o» Vnru 1 nut Pr!«oe • CUimS™ D 4I « A "' \mumiJ^- straight front buckle \PA\\ striped flannelette: wide Eg
9» I nui Driflne UnilQlBIl 31 VBlJ LOW rllCSSi - . OnOPPlnS baffS and also slide buckle in A flounce; in pink and blue S
9nmathinff Now in I arllOC' finu/or? "» '-UW lllbCOi , LADIES' HOSE] Made - AT SMALL PRirpq the back. In grape, leaf stripes. Price 10c H
remaining new in LaoiBs urawers Made oi Polnt - Venl8^^ sllk . flnl8hed , (^^ .-„* i£i : bi^S^Sire! . -m^\ l^i^se^lndie. 1 AXI f EL « ETT^ SKIRT^r TrI s im^ d a
? ,-^T Made of English thread, in fast black, in Maltese cross design; %4XW ' double hocls and toes; lib- I f vant Kid. moire lined the Price Cutter 3 50c , with a nine- nch flounce, silk embrold- 3
>^t the lace woven mesh effect. full two inches wide. You will appre- Ww . " a l ln length and width. I 1 also pocket and small iiil ii a ii n mi j ered ed . s^L. n P lnfc , Ji 2 ® a £ d , wb JX* : H
f~\ Umbrella shape and trimmed date their worth when you seo them Price 25c J^E^A purse? Patent £eel WhY Not H3V6 S0fT18 GilfC 311(1 t 2" 06 * 48 * 5 ¦
l,k with wide ruffle of torchon at this low price 2.'c a yard • fv f 0* CHILDREN'S CASH- flK@^^ frame, with a patent " „. . ' n i GENTS' GO\\NS— Made of fancy g
iz~\-~L lace; new French band; laun- • vxl^X? MFRR HOSK Fa«?t hlirk claso and pxtra strong \TullCn rJoPirulQOr striped flannelette; turnover collar, aj
*yi-r dry 'bills saved; no staVching I .Jj,, WhvNnt Jersey knit, doubfe heVls! leather handfefngre^ OljIISn dBCKWBar pocket on the side. In full length and 1
I] 4 or lronlner: .easily washed. LdOIBS, Ylliy II 0 1 toes and knees. Soft as V£*«S5SBSfc/ red. blue, also black! When you can buy £& a^_^, 1 « ? 33 width; ln pink and blue stripes. Priced
3 - - Only to be had here 50c tt0iaamt^ Get one of these up-to velvet; all sizes 25e a pair Price «5c them at these prices? C3 *^£?|SS/«*' • •"••¦ " Oc U
5 _ ., ,. , , ft ., «^3 date HOSE SUPPORTERS : LADIES' TAB AND *^* CHILDREN'S GOWNS— Made of £
Rn Ynil NPPfl a iJlP.fl Rfl JJr nr *SS§f AND ABDOMINAL RE- .^^ n t^. **. «» « . ««. »*.». -«-. nv - COLLAR— Made of Y heavy flannelette, rolling collar, em-
LU I UU RCCU d LdbB UUIIdl Ul DUCERS— -Made i with a H tffc ST B^ (f% ET. &B fi% W^ 0^ f^ THF Point do Flutonia ? broidery trimmed; liberally made in I
RovarQ 9 !$S8 shaped pad and belt bo as to I R B 6 Bofll \ 2 m» v3 H B B f ™ " » ¦ *- lace > ln coral and Gre- width and length. In pink and blue I
IICICIC I £«* flt enugly over the abdomen BBS P ff% I Q P gea Irk h 3 i% E *3 nn iAr #¦*¦ t-w—rr-r^ clan designs; in ecru and white. At stripes; full sleeves; all sizes from 2
Here are some that came our way at |»|1 It has four heavy straps of Bill I 5 1 I H I H 1 I t3 S 0 B Hi 1 U PRII T-l I 1 TFi? th* Price Cutter's 45c to 14 years. Price 5Oc
a very low pric*>. — Made Of Point de fef»?a Frfnch lisle elastic, with %* W Ejd U&Vw&aluBtylbl&Vt ¦ ¦»lVrl- OVI I Lll LADY HELVETIAS — OVER COL- LADIES' GOWNS — Made of striped
Gene lace, in TenerifTe and flower de- «•• button clasps. In pink. blue. , LAR AND TAB — Made of taffeta silk. flannelette; scalloped, rolling collar. |
signs. In white or ecru. We chal- red and black. If there fs anything QIC MarLnf Cf «•/>*>!¦ II A'P'seenlf Cffoof v ln three pointed designs, and trimmed silk embroidered; ln plnk and blue g
lenge you to match them for double new to improve your form you will be OIO Irldl IVtl OllCd. II U rdiTcll oil Kb I. . . with braid. In pink, blue, white and stripes; steam shru/ik and medicated; [
this money ......50c sure to find It here. Price 25c ' MAIL 0BDEBS SOLICITED. black 35c double yoke. Our price . , 50c IThe Chemist's Dream.
Did It ever occur. to you
How uncomfortable It would be
To have to drink
From a cup of zinc—
IF it be true that our new million-dollar hospital, for
which bonds were voted, was planned for location on
the Almshouse grounds, now found to be too remote
and entirely unsuitcd, and that a change of location invali
dates the bonds, we have an example of too much baste in
the preparation of the bond proposition and an instance of
immaturity of judgment that will provoke the people. s * "*
Perhaps the new hospital is, next to the sewers, the most
necessary of all the objects of the bond issue. It seems to be
established, b.y the expression of competent engineers, that
the sewer plans are defective and that there is great danger
that the proceeds of the' bonds for that purpose will -be
wasted. With the discovery that the hospital bonds are also
in danger the people will have little cause for pride in, the
skill and precision with which j these weighty matters are
handled by their, local government.
, The new city and county hospital should be one of the
finest in the United States. The money voted for it is am
ple to furnish an institution equipped up to. the most modem
TOO" MUCH HASTE.
The formulary . also Includes remedies
for delirium tremens and a disinfectant
for telephone receivers.
According to Dr. W. E. Dreyfus, chief
chemist of the department of public chari
ties and Bellevue Hospital In New York,
the day for razors Is past.
Dr. Dreyfus has finished his prepara
tion of the hospital formulary, which Is
said to be one of the most complete and
extensive In the world. -It is used as a
basis every year for the national formu
lary issued by the American Pharmaceu
tical Association. ! This year the formu
lary contains 3S7 formulas, among them
being some that are unique.
One of them is a formula that consists
of several Ingredients that are to be made
up into a paste. According to the chem
iKt, by allowing the paste to remain on
th* face for about two minutes It will
give a result similar to that of a "clean
shave." The formula Is as follows: 1
Barl! sulphldl, 25 parts.
Baponis pulvls. 5 parts.
Talcl venetl pulvls, 35 parts.
Trttid farinae, 33 parts.
Benzaldehyde, quarter solution.
r A Rasorless SItave.
The doomed man had looked up only In
time to see the monster enter the cage.
The tiger trap was a huge wooden cage
built along this same Hn©. The bait was
to be agoat, hung up in the cage's center
by the hind leg. The sound of its bleat
ing was expected to draw the "Striped
Death" to the rpot The cage had been
strapped together in haste and I doubted
Its strength. Ghur.ga, however, who had
built it. assured me that it was strong
enoHgrfc t*» frold any tiger. We went to in-
Frxsct it at noontide, meaning to hang th©
jroat In it at dusk, and to wait near for
th© sound that should tell us the door had
fallen shut with the "Striped Death" safe
In the cape.
We had set up the trap in a small clear
injr In the jungle. I still doubted its
Ftrength, so Ghunga (after fastening the
door open) stepped inside and set to
work rendering the willowy bars more
firm In their sockets.
Then, like a thunderclap out of a clear
eky, came the tragedy. „ A gleam of taw
ny fur shot from the Impenetrable shad
ows at the side of the Jungle farthest
from ns. Before either Remachunda or
myself could spring to our feet the "Strip
ed Death" had reached the door of the
cage, rushed fearlessly through the prop
p*dr open door and fallen upon Ghunga
Dhass.
There, one day. in the jungle, we eet up
a great trap. It was, roughly speaking
on somewhat the same plan as the mouse
trap wherein hans^? a bait to tempt the
mouse to enter. No sooner does the
mouse** weight press on the floor of the
trap than the door springs shut, leavine
him a prisoner.
For two weeks we worked In vain
Traps, falls and all other sorts of cus
tomary ruses were useless. The brute
pee.mcd. Indeed, to have some of the mir
aculous powers attributed to him by the
superstitious villagers. At last even the
iron nerves of my two intrepid shikarrU
wer© almost shaken by the tiger's re
peated escapes from the situations where
in Jt seemed there was no loophole left
Th© "Striped Death" had last been seen
about twenty miles to the north of Rem
achunda's village, where he had slain
sntj partly devoured a half grown goat
herd. Thither we went, acting on the
theory that a tiger thoroughly exhausts
the possibilities O f cne neighborhood be
fore moving on to another.
I convinced him Foon that the profits
would warrant the extra toll and we set
to work on our plans.
"Sahib." said Ghunga, "to shoot a tiger
is easy if one b© brave ar.d wise. To en
mesh him sJlve is like trapping the light
ning. It Is perilous and unprofitable."
Next morning I left Calcutta. I went
Firalght to the village, where dwelt an
old. scarred native hunter of my ac
quaintance, Remachunda Dhass by name.
He and his younger brother. Ghunga
Dhas?. were noted "ehlkarrls" (hunts
men), and feared nothing. By their help I
believed I could do more toward captur
ing th« "Striped Death" than with a
whole regiment of beaters.
I explained my business to the brothers.
When I named the price they were eager
to start at once on the hunt. But when
I stipulated that the ti^er must be caught
alive and unhurt their faces fell.
. It was not only the desire for sport that
spurred me on to this. I had but that day
fcund awaiting me at Calcutta a letter
from a famous European animal dealer
who wanted a large male tiger and who
commissioned m«» to 'procure such a one
for him if possible.
These two motives urged me to the
quest.
This was the Etate of affairs when I
reached Calcutta. This was the story
that reawoke In me the hunting fever.
I thought the matter over for a while
th<=n I said to my Informant:
"I don't want to boast, but I think I can
gret this 'Striped Death* of yours. I mean
to have a try at him anyhow."
In a big, heavily barred window at 501
Broadway, New York, during the recent
municipal campaign, a huge tiger paced
back and forth. He was said to be the
largest end finest specimen of his kind in
captivity.
The Order of Acorns had "leased" him
fcr the campaign, as an anti-Tammany
warning, emblematic of the caging of the
Tammany tiger. In front of the window
hung the following placard:
: DO YOU WANT TO TURN HIM :
; LOOSE AGAIN? :
: ITS UP TO YOU! :
Now I, for one, had not the faintest, re
motest desire to "turn him loose again."
For I helped to capture him, and I never
could look on those mighty paws of his
without Fceming to see them, as I had
once before eeen them, stained with hu
man blood.
• • •
A year ago last September I returned to
Calcutta from an "up-country" big game
expedition. At my club there "on the even
ing of my arrival I picked up a story that
awoke in me the old hunting instinct,
which is never very soundly asleep in the
heart of a man who has once seen
gigantic beasts fall dead at the light pres
sure of his forefinger on the trigger.
The story in brief was this:
Vor severaJ years the Calcutta district
had been terrorized by a tremendous man
eating tiger. Now whenever a tiger has
killed a tingle human being- the gentle
native always begins to describe the brute
as being several sizes larger than an ele
phant, and tells how he can swallow three
men at a mouthful. So the t'ger stories
gleaned from natives must always be
taken with at least a bushel of ealt. But
tne rumors concerning this particular
tiger— "The Striped Death." as the vil
lagers had nickniimed him— were persist
ent and were more than once verified by
l^nclish hunters who had come upon his
human "kills." Several hunting parties
hp.d gone in search of him, but he was
as wily as he was terrible. Lord Curzon.
the Viceroy, had even gpt up a Epecial
hunt, with the "Striked Death" as its
object. But. though many tigers fell prey
to the expedition, the tiger they wanted
was not among the slain.
After this the natives declared that a
tiger which could elude the "divine vice
roy" must be a supernatural being. No
sexoner was this rumor started than it of
curse becam* Impossible to hire "beat
ers" to hunt him. No native would will
ingly face the wrath of the particular
pod or demon who had chosen that tiger's
bedy as his headquarters.
Snaring a Tiger.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men - by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street.* Telephone Main 1043. *
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles. 50c a pound, in artistic fire
etched boxes A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market »U. above Call bldg. •
Says a London newspaper: "Perhaps the
greatest tribute ever paid to the Mexican
President was that which h© received
from Cecil Rhodes. Rhodes and some of
his African friends once formed a syndi
cate, representing about £10.000.000 of cap
ital, with a view of exploiting Mexican
resources. They sent several experts to
the- country to investigate matters, and
having received their reports decided to
enter into no Mexican adventures. Cecil
Rhodes was asked why he held back and
what was his opinion of the prospects of
Mexico. His answer was: There 13 no
guarantee that when President Diaz dies
Mexico will have any better government
than that which prevails in the other
Central American republics.' "
Rhodes' Prophecy.
"I was inspecting 1 Chinatown and found
many violations of the flre ordinance-'.
In each case I Inquired for the occupant
t of the property, but was greeted with the
old stereotyped reply: 'Bossee man no
here: Jes gone China; long time no come
back.* I finally gave up In despair and
consulted the Chief of Police.
" 'You take an officer with you.' said
the Chief, 'and the next man that tell*
you the boss Is In China, lock him up.
You'll find the boss, all right.'
"The plan was carried out and as soon
as the first arrest was made a Chinaman.
Introducing himself as the 'boss, snowed
up. at the old Hall of Justice to ball the
prisoner out. We followed this man back
to Chinatown and in a day or so nailed
him. It was some time before they got
on to our scheme, but before they did
the district waa in pretty good shape."
"It happened about eighteen year*
ago," said Fire Marshal Charles Towe.
"when the heathen Chinese of the Flow
ery Kingdom and the way of the official
was hard.
Chinese Guile.
With which he proceeded to scratch ths
prospective Congressional nose with the
muzzle of his shotgun.
Ex-Congressman Ball used to tell a
story of a time when he once got Into
grave peril on account of his nose, says
the Chicago Chronicle. He waa going to
Leadvllle In the early days on. a stage
coach which was held up by highwaymen.
The passengers were ranged In a row out
side with their hands up. th« familiar at
titude being enforced by a gun in the
hands of one of the men of the road,
while the other went through the various
pockets at his leisure. In the midst of
the ceremony Mr. Bell's nose began to
Itch with that maddening persistency cal
culated to drive to insanity or the grave
if not relieved. Involuntarily his right
hand began to lower Itself to the seat of
trouble.
"Hands up, there!" called the man be
hind the gun sternly.
Ills hand shot back into place, but in a
moment began to lower Itself again.
"What's the matter with your* In
quired the bandit. "Are you anxious to
become a lead mine?"
"My no3e Itches so I can't stand it any
longer." said Mr. Bell. "I've slmlpy got
to scratch it."
"No. you hain't." replied the agent, "be
cause I'll do It for you."
Dangerous Itch,
A partial rebuilding of the tabernacle
is under contemplation by the first presi
dency of the Mormon church. It is pro
posed to put a new roof on the historic
structure that has been the meeting place
of hundreds of thousands of devout ad
herents of the faith and the object of cu
rious observance on the part of many
hundreds "of thousands of visitors.
Architects sav that the wooden trusses
that support the structure are beginning
to be affected by dry rot, and that the
best way to remedy the defect and put
the tabernacle into an absolutely safe
condition is to put in steel supports In
the place of th© wooden arches which
now support the roof.
When the tabernacle was built. In the
sixties, nails cost such a high price that
the Immense timbers were fastened with
thongs made of deer hide to save expense.
These great pieces of wood have been in
place since 1S67 without a change, the
building having been In course of con
struction from 1S64 to 1S67. In the time
of President Wilford Woodruff the. re
building of the tabernacle was first agi
tated, and Architect Don Carlos Young
was asked to submit plans for the change.
Nothing waa done at that time.
Since then the subject has been taken
up from time to time without results,
and now. under the regime of President
Joseph F. Smith, it is again under fa
vorable consideration. There is a strong
prospect, it is stated, that the improve
ment will be ordered.
It is understood that there will be no
essential change In the body of the struc
ture. The red sandstone walls will re
rr.aln the same— * > 50 feet long. 150 feet wide
and SO feet high. The organ will be un
touched, and the seating arrangements
will not be altered^ The only essential
difference. If the plans are carried out.
will be the substitution of steel beams
for wood In the roof, which will not affect
th© acoustic properties of the building.—
Salt Lake Herald.
Rebuilding Tabernacle.
Lunnon" by showing that things are not
so bad now as they once were. It says:
"Those who sigh for the weather of
former times may be told by the author
ity of 'The Picture of London for 1819'
that there were then about 203 days In the
year without rain, and 156 on which It
rained or snowed. But of the 203 rainless
days there were between fifty and sixty
on which the sun scarcely showed Itself
to Londoners. At the same time the aver
age annual depth of rain was only nine
teen Inches. The coldest day recalled by
the people of that period was Christmas
day, 173t>. when the Fahrenheit thermom
eter had indicated 34 degrees below freez
ing point, and'the hottest days were some
in July, 1S08, when the thermometer stood
in the shade at from 90 to 103, and In the
sun from 120 to 110 degrees."
Investigation has demonstrated that the responsibility for
the Wyoming Indian outrages rests upon the white offi
cials, whose indiscretions, injustices and tyranny drove the
red men in desperation to revolt. This information is in
teresting simply because it is unusual. It is one of those
isolated cases where the truth is told in reference to the
treatment of Indians by Americans.
SOMETHING NEW IN LUNCHEONS.
Catching an Engine "Afoot.
"You have heard that . story of the
tramp who refused a ride on the. brake
beam because he was in a hurry." mused
the old engineer. "Well, I can beat that
one. ¦
'"Years ago I used to have the run be
tween Hawthorne and Keeler on the Car
son and Colorado Railroad over In Ne
vada. You know that is the road about
which D. O. Mills made the remark that
it was three hundred miles too long and
built three hundred years too soon. I
guess that was about right, for the trains
are run when they happen to have any
passengers and on no time at all.
"We left Hawthorne on time one morn
ing. The day was a scorcher. That little
locomotive seemed like old hell itself.
After we leave Candelarla the grade com
mences, and by the time we reach Basalt
it becomes so steep that we crawl along
at a snail's pace. Oftentimes the fire
man and myself would climb down from
the cab and walk along beside the mov
ing train, preferring the heat of the day
to tho Increased temperature of the en
gine.
"Between Basalt and Summit the road
Is full of curves. We were out on the
ground this day and peacefully strolling
beside the puffing engine. Pete, the fire
man, called my attention to a peculiar
rock formation to the right of the road
bed. We had no sooner run across to
Investigate when the engine, seeming to
note our absence, struck a level stretch
and rolled from us at a lively clip. Vis
ions of a flying train down the grade the
other side of the summit made my blood
run cold. Repeated call3 failed to arouse
either the brakeman or conductor. I had
one resort left: it waa to run across a
piece of sandy land and intercept the run
away on the up . grade again. Out of
breath I struck the track again. About
five hundred yards down the rails was my
ward peacefully puffing slowly up the hill.
She had run short of steam or I never
would have caught her. I brought her to
a sudden stop and waited for the fire
man to come up. No one on the train
ever knew why we stopped or what a nar
row escape from death they had."
NOTWITHSTANDING the solemn assurance of Solo
mon that there is nothing new under the sun the
credible columns of the Redding Free Press contain
an account of a project in which Shasta County women arc
engaged having a claim to novelty and that will appeal to
the fancy of frugal housewives throughout the length and
breadth of California.
The Presbyterian church in Redding has a woman's aux
iliary which provides the funds to meet the current expenses
of the church.. The women, in fact, are a ways and means
committee. They have been energetic and faithful to their
self-imposed trust. Recently a discussion took place con
cerning the best way to raise needed funds and out of the
discussion came the new thing.
The decision of the women is that they will hold monthly
"sociables." These will take place in rotation at the homes
of. the members. Heretofore the hostess has provided the
luncheon and the house for the entertainment of her asso
ciates in the church work. But now a plan has been adopted
upon which the attention of many women is firmly centered.
A lunch and a social committee has been appointed." The
duty of the first named committee is to supply the luncheon.
However numerous may be those who sit at table at the
monthly gatherings, an inflexible rule, adopted by vote,
limits the amount of money to be expended in total to just
one and a half dollars. The members have determined to
enter into competition to see who can put up the best lunch
eon for the entire auxiliary for that modest sum.
The Redding Free Press makes the assertion that there
are seventy-five members of the Woman's Auxiliary. If
they all attend the "sociables," as they are likely to do with
such a series of culinary contests on hand as are promised
by resolution, the average cost of refreshments per woman
cannot exceed 2 cents. Probably there will not be many
courses at that rate. Labor in preparing the meals must be
eliminated from the expense of preparation. Not necessarily
will there be an absence- of dessert, for clever California
housewives have the knack of "putting up" berries and fruits
and these may be utilized in various ways.
: Light. tea biscuits there will be, as flaky and white as the
snows "that glisten daily on the visible and not distant sum
mit, of lofty Mount Shasta. Butter made at home by the
fair matrons of Shasta County will grace the board. The
fragrant? steam of good coffee may even perfume the cir
cumambient atmosphere. Great will be the triumph of in
genuity and practical housekeeping when the climacteric of
these economical luncheons shall be reached. The idea is
as taking as new. It may figure elsewhere. Redding leads
the way..: •
¦The promise of Charles Becker, the most infamous and
the* most clever of forgers, that he intends to, earn an hon
est living seems likely of realization. He intends to demand
the thousand dollars reward offered by a corporation to any
person who could alter the figures made, by a patented check
perforating machine. Becker did the trick and.paid several
years of imprisonment in penalty. His nerve appears now
to be equal to his craft.
Fcrly-Calibcr Pineapple.
"Tes," said old Judge Bradshaw at the
Russ House the other night, "I have sold
out all my mineral holdings in and around
and converging on Tyson's Wells in Ari
zony, and I am going to retire to private
life. Fur nigh onto thuty years I hev
been Justice of the Peace at the Wells,
and In all my long judicial career I never
even had an appeal taken. When I first
assoomed the Judicial ermyne there was
a few who Questioned some of my decis
ions, but these sort of died out, as you
might say.
"I have purchased a small place In the
foothills east of Los Angeles and I will
pass the evening of my life, as Colonel
Nugent says, under my vine and flg tree.
But I don't aim to raise no figs. Not
much! I've got something that beats
raising figs all to nothin*. I'm going to
raise pineapples.
"Jevver study pineapples? Ah. yes. In
a cocktail: but I mean in their childhood,
as you might say? Well, these heer pine
apples grow in the tropics and onless
they hev plenty of warmth and moisture
they fail to eventooate.. Now there's the
prickly near, which I calculate is a pine
apple In what you might call its primor
dal state. " -The prickly pear-don't need no
moisture nor warmth. It will grow
straight out of the end of a steel drill in
a blast furnace or a snow drift and bear
Its fruit. Now I flgger a pineapple and a
prickly pair just like I do a gun.
"They make 22-callber guns which ain't
worth shucks and they make 44-caliber
guns, which is- the noblest weepon ever
carried by man. Betwixt and between
they make 41-callber guns, which Is trust
worthy, and 38-callber guns, which will
pass. Even a 32-caliber gun In a 44 frame
is better'n nothin'.
"Now here I have a 44-callber pineapple
and a 22-caliber prickly pear, but both of
them guns, and if I can cross the prickly
pear with the pineapple or vlcy versy I
may get a 41-caliber pineapple or a* 3S-cali
ber one. Even if I get a 32-callber pine
apple that will grow without water and
withstand the frost I can make more
money on my little place six miles from
the railroad than the fellow who bought
my mines will ever clean up."
THE VALLEY ORANGES.
The London .Westminster Gazette takes
happy .' consolation • upon" the present
"beastly" state' of the weather in "old
Some Comfort.
Ay. skol senging/a song of my logging
." camp, ¦ '¦'."'.'¦'-.
' Var snow sometimes ban tree feet- deep:
Var ve skol crow hungry sum any old
tran) P| . 1 * i .
And gat 'bout sax minutes to sleep.
Var oleomargerein ban gude enuff .
To putting on bread; lumberyackins ban
ituff. • •
But it ban only yob ay can keep!
—Milwaukee Sentinel.
Ve vorking lak neggers, ay yust tal yu
dat! * ' ,V.l:
Ve hustle lak cattle In yoke:
But yee, ay. lak better to be op in camp
. Than staying in willage, dead broke.
The foreman skol svear and. the cook skol
svear, tu, ¦
By Tudas, ay tenk dis har air skol turn
blue,
And brimstone skol making me choke.
Ay skol senging a song of my old logging
camp, ,,' %•
Var ay spend ewery wenter. yu say; ' .
Var lumberyacks start In the morning and
tramp
To tember, 'bout sax miles avay,
Var sugar and melk ban so scarce sum a
.church, J
Var axes skol slashing pine hemlock and
birch,
- And men vait till spreng for their pay. -
Lumberman's Skol.
Three Times and Out.
"There Is a well-known lawyer In this
city, one who Is at the head of his pro
fession," said a former Superior Judge
the other day, "who was admitted to
practice only after he had been up for
examination as to his fitness three dif
ferent times. He was so pleased with the
success of his third attempt that he felt
he must in some way show his gratitude
to the examining Justice. Accordingly he
waited until colirt adjourned and then
went to the latter's chambers. He was
preparing to leave after giving- his thanks
when the Supreme Judge asked tTie
young barrister to convey his regards to
his father, ut that time a brilliant law
yer.
" 'Certainly.* said the young attorney.
'It was only this morning that father was
speaking of you.- In fact, the little con
versation I had with him concerning the
court and yourself had a great deal to
do with my success to-day.*
" 'Is that so?* asked the Justice. In
what way may I ask?' ¦
" 'Well,* jsaid the disciple of Black
stone, 'he told me I would surely pass
to-day, and when I asked him what made
him think so he said that the Supreme
Court has been known to reach the same
conclusion twice, but never a third
time.'" ,^'-.Y
IN behalf of Lemon Cove the Visalia Times claims the
.banner for sending the earliest carload of oranges out
of the State this season. Heretofore the fame of Lemon
Cove has rested on its capacity for producing lemons, which
fact -is -advertised by its name. But now that favored, sec
tion of Tulare County, as it is described by the Times, "will
be at the' front for its oranges." The reward that generally
attends the first carload of oranges is a fancy price.
Incidental to its congratulations < for Lemon Cove the
Visalia Times tells of the advancement of- the citrus fruit
industry in several parts of Tulare County. The orange crop
of this season in the county is larger than ordinary, but the
ripening r has been delayed. : "The fruit, is perfectly sweet,
but during the past month has put on very little of the
golden color."
"This is the season of the year when it is a delight to
travel through the citrus sections of the county.. At-Por
tcrville many young groves were planted last spring. The
older groves near Porterville have heavy crops. At Lind
say the acreage in oranges has been considerably extended.
The older groves" are heavily fruited and the same may be
said of those around Exeter and Antelope Heights.. The
trees planted this year at Exeter, Antelope Heights, Lemon
Cove and Colvins Point are looking thrifty, arid there is
every, reason to expect that they will be as good producers
as are found in the old groves that have made the county
famous.'V V;-: "¦'
The attentive observer will notice that the orange groves
of the land north of Tehachapi arc becoming numerous.
There is .a citrus fruit belt that runs the entire length of
the San Joaquin and Sacramento valleys, including" many
choice, foothill ¦ locations. At the time of holding the
Thanksgiving Citrus Fair in this city there were represented
in the show many counties north of Tehachapi's summit. >
Placer County, in the foothills of the Sierra, claims the
honor of entering the'San Francisco market the earliest this
season, with its oranges.. The date upon which. Lemon
Cove forwarded its first carload of oranges in 1903 to the
East was October 25. The first oranges to reach this city
of the new crop of 1003 were six boxes from Auburn. They
arrived; here October 15. Tulare's claim to being the first
to; reach" the Eastern market in 1903 may be shown to be
valid! . ',
¦ The ; saloon men of . New York have raised a subscrip
tion ; of seven hundred and fifty . thousand dollars .as a de
fense fund with which to protect their interests against ad
verse 2 legislation. - y It ¦ must indeed be a very strange busi
ness' that requires protection against State laws. And
stranger, still is the fact that the human .creatures .who are
injured by this traffic are the men who pay themoney.-to
protect _. it _.:•.. . - :
From this sketch the reader will gather that the republic
of Panama fulfills conditions that were regarded as desirable
but impossible in 1846; that its Government is de. facto and
has been recognized by President Roosevelt under the prin
ciple laid down by Monroe; that we have interests on the
isthmus under our treaty obligations which we must not, ac
cording to the same authority, permit Colombia to injure.
He then. discussed the guarantee of sovereignty and-de
clared that its necessity arose in the sparse population of
the isthmus* being insufficient in numbers and power to erect
and maintain an independent and neutral state. Some civil
government must exist there, because "Neither sovereign
states nor individuals would expend their capital in railroad
or canal construction without some security for their invest
ments, and a civil government must exist there in order to
protect the works that shall be constructed. If Great
Britain, France or the. United States held the sovereignty
over the isthmus other nations might apprehend that in case
of war the Government would close up the passage against
the enemy, but New Granada is a power which wiU not ex
cite the jealousy of any nation."
There is a complete disclosure of the purpose of the treat}'
and of its several guarantees. We did not undertake to per
petuate any special sovereignty over the isthmus, but only to
guarantee that it should be local and not alien. It. is ob
vious that President Polk ha'd considered the advantage of
a purely isthmian state, for he admitted its impossibility at
that time because the isthmus had but few people. Now it
is the sixth state in the republic in population, and in com
merce and enterprise ranks first of them all. Geographi
cally Colombia is a South American state, a continental and
not a Central American country. Panama is the only Cen
tral American province. It is cut off from the rest of the
country by a natural boundary^of impassable mountains. It is
by nature isolated from the other eight provinces. No doubt
the advantages of its geographical situation occurred to Polk,
and no doubt he considered the desirability of a strictly
isthmian state, but was compelled to put the hope aside be
cause the people were so few in number. Time and com
merce have changed all this and have formed the elements
of an isthmian state, able to take from Colombia, as she took
from New Granada, the obligations of the treaty of 1846 and,
execute them. Panama has issued into being as the result
of a revolution, as did Bolivar's original state of Colombia,
and its successor, New Granada, and Colombia again. We
recognized them in turn as Governments de facto and de
jure, as we have recognized the latest heir to their sover
eignty and muniments.
In Iris seventh annual message President Monroe,; who
had discussed the revolt of the Spanish colonies and thc
prevalcncc of revolution in Europe, said: "Our policy is to
consider the dc facto Government as the legitimate Govern
ment for us; to cultivate friendly relations with it and to
preserve those relations by a frank, firm and manly policy,
meeting in all instances the just claims of every po.wcr, sub
mitting to injuries from none."
IT is reported, from Bogota that President Marroquin will
take steps to compel the United States to observe its
guarantee of the sovereignty of Colombia, assumed by
the treaty of 1846. One is at a loss to know what that
means., The treaty of 1846 was made with the republic of
New Granada. That state was a constant scene of seething
contentions, civil wars and riots, and finally was overthrown"
and a revolutionary junta proclaimed the republic of Colom
bia. If there were any guarantee of sovereignty in the
treaty made with New Granada in 1846 it obligates us to
contest now the sovereignty of the state of Colombia, once
the soil that belonged to New Granada.
As the Panama matter is likely to assume the greatest im
portance that has attached to anything relating to Latin-
America since the declaration of the Monroe doctrine and
is quite apt to figure Extensively in the Presidential cam
paign of next year, it is well to examine the clauses of the
treaty that will figure in the discussion. The whole issue' is
included in the thirty-fifth article, which contains .the reason
and real and whole object of the treaty. By it New Granada
agreed that "The right of way or transit across the isthmus
of Panama upon any modes of communication that now ex
ist or may be hereafter constructed shall be open and free
to the Government and citizens of the United States," and
"the United States guaranty, positively and efficaciously, to
New Granada by the present stipulation the perfect neutral
ity of the before mentioned isthmus, with the view that the
free transit from the one to the other sea may not be inter
rupted or embarrassed in any future time while this treaty
exists; and in consequence the United States also guaranty
in the same manner the rights of sovereignty and property
which New Granada has and possesses over said territory."
The rest of the very long document is inconsequential,
being merely the husk, while article 35 is the kernel. If we
undertook to guarantee the permanent sovereignty of New
Granada over the isthmus we failed in our obligation when
that sovereignty passed to Colombia. A fair interpretation
of the language is that the treaty runs with the land and we
agree to respect whatever political sovereignty holds the
land. .
The treaty was made by Benjamin A. Bidlack on the part
of the United States and Senor Mallarino on the part of
New Granada. In transmitting it to the Senate for ratifica
tion President Polk justified our conclusion that article
35 was its motif. He said: "It will be perceived by the
thirty-fifth article of this treaty that New Granada proposes
to guarantee the right of passage across the isthmus of Pan
ama, over the natural roads and over any canal or railroad
that may be constructed, on condition that the United States
shall make a similar guarantee to New Granada of the neu
trality of this portion of her territory and her sovereignty
over the same. Our Charge d'Affaires acted in this matter
upon his own responsibility and without instructions. It
became my duty to decide whether I would submit the
treaty to the Senate and after mature deliberation I have de
termined to adopt this course."
At last the tiger gathered his bulk to
gether for a spring and launched him
self full at the cage. It rocked and
groaned at the impact, but stood firm.
Twice he leaped at the s.tout bars, driven
furious by the frightened cries of the
baby. Then he bit and tore at the wood
and tried to reach the prey with his
claws.
At last, failing in this, he began prowl-
Ing about the cage, looking for an open
ins. He came to the door. We held our
breath. Then we sighed with relief for
he had entered the trap, and the 'door
had cloFrd behind him. He did not note
the falling shut of the aoor, nor the strug
gling iamb that almost brushed his nose
as he passed. His only thought was of
the woman and child that now seemed
almost within his reach. Ho did not real
ize that he was trapped, but leaped mad
ly against the partition in a never end
ing struggle to break it down. That wom
an was the bravest I ever jrw, though
here was the courage of despair and re
venge.
The moment the trap was sprung we
had descended from -the tree.'. A tew
blows of Remachunda's ax made an open
ing In the trap large enough for the
mother and child to creep through.
Then, cunningly and deftly, Remachun
da began to pass 'a hide rope' about the
tiger's wildly struggling body, throug*n
the bars. In half an hour the "Striped
Death" waa bound, enmeshed and help
less.
It had been the. most exciting . night's
work of my career as a hunter.
• • •
That night the moon rose over the
Jungle clearing and illumined a strange
sight— the huge trap, with open door; the
body of a live lamb dangling just within
near the doorway, and farther back in a
sort of cage within a cage the form of a
woman, crouching on the floor, holding to
her breast a fretful baby and soothing its
cries with no more fear in her voice than
If she were safe in her husband's hut.
From a tree top fifty feet away we
watched, silent yet alert, for every sound
that the Jungle breeze bore to us. For
two hours we all waited thus. The
strange, unaccountable noises that run
through the jungle at night now rose,
now fell, as the time wore on. The dis
tant howl of some animal, the nearer pat
ter of feet, the Ecreani of night birds
and at last
There he stood, the "Striped Death." in
the moonlit clearing not 100 feet from the
trap. Each detail of his massive b»dy
stood out clear and distinct. At sight of
the trap and its human bait (which he
had doubtless tracked for miles by scent
and Bound) he flattened himself to the
ground like a cat.ran forward a few steps,
flattened himself once more, and again ran
on. The woman saw him. but not for a
moment did she intermit the crooninjt
lullaby. .
•Listen, sahib," she added, turning to
me, "the 'Striped Death' must be caught,
not slain. That would release the spirit
within him. Let him be made captive and
grinned at by the curious in a cage. That
will break his heart and shame his spirit.
That is more than death to such . as he.
Now it is my right as next of kin to catch
him. Do you know why he will not con
sent to enter your traps? It Is because
they are baited with beasts, and he
craves human flesh. It is not that he
fears a trap. He entered when my hus
band was the bait. But he cares not for
beasts. Let the trap be baited with hu
man flesh." x
And then she unfolded her plan. The
trap was to be further strengthened, then
a partition was to be fastened midway
across it. On the side nearest the open
door a lamb was to be hung. Oh the op
posite side she, the widow, was to sit with
her child in her arms. The tiger, enter-
Ing the trap to seize the human bait,
would be caught by the springing of the
door.
There was no real danger to her, as she
would be safely barred from him in the
other. half of the cage. But the idea
seemed so horrible that I shrank from it.
She was determined, however, and at last
Remachunda yielded.
The village wept over the dead man. All
except his wife. She was a beautiful na
tive woman and had adored her hunter
husband. Yet she sat dry-eyed, clasping
to her breast their three-months-old baby.
"It will be time to weep when his slayer
is captured," the said in reply to a query
from Remachunda.
All this had not. taken more than one
second. The tiger sank his teeth In the
dead man's shoulder and lifted him from
the ground, turning to leave the trap as
he did so.
Remachunda rushed forward toward the
rifle, yelling as he came. I drew my re
volver and fired point blank once, twice,
thrice at the tiger. At that range there
was no such thing as missing. But, un
fortunately, with a light caliber pistol
there was no such thing as killing. Yet
our combined attack had Its effect. With
a growl the brute dro ped Ghunga Dhass
and at one spring was back in the jungle.
Remachunda, unmindful of my former
order not to kill, ran into the jungle after
the slayer, rifle in hand. An hour later
he returned, baffled.
His rifle (the only one we had brought
along that day) lay just outside the trap.
It might as well have been a thousaul
miles away for all the use it was to any
of us three at that awful crisis, when
events traveled by fractions of a second.
Ghunga. hero that he was, hurled the
heavy hammer he was using straight at
the hideous, wrinkled face of the crea
ture. The hammer must have weighed
several pounds. It was hurled by a pow
erful man, to whom despair had lent an
added strength. It struck the tiger al
most midway between the eyes. Such a
blow w<juld have stunned an ox or have
killed & man. The "Striped Death" heed
ed no n.-oiu than if it had been a pebble
tossed at him by a child.
The next Instant his great paw struck.
And Ghunga Dhass' fckull crushed in like
a smashed eggshell.
standards. It should offer everything that skill and knowl
edge have to contribute for the care and cure of .the sick
and wounded. Its location becomes of great importance as
an element in the cost of maintenance, and even in the
measure of benefit it will extend to those who seek its advan
tages for restoration. ¦
If these things were not duly considered before the bonds
were called for some one has grievously blundered. The
people want exactness, not hurry, in these important mat
ters, and as our public officers seem to be amply paid for the
time given to their duties they should perform them with
the precision which cancels blunders' or the chance to make
THE TREATY OF 1846.
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, SDNDAT, NOVEMBER 15, 19Q3.
THE SAN FRANCISGQ CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. .. . . ... Address AH Commtinications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office <^^^^^ > *'** Third and Market Streets, S. F.
SUNDAY ..--. NOVEMBER 15, 1903
26
IN STRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES• Once uponia.timei Lew Dockstader^ was
riding ¦ beside the : driver of a stage coach
in "', tbe 'West. 1 Inside were " some of " the
other'* members) of - a ; minstrel, company,
and' they had* taken this means of trans
portation ': from Vcholce. -
"The H stage '; had 'lumbered /along * but a
short distance the minstrel realized
thati.the i; driver;'.. was i closely,;' scrutinizing
him and making mental notes.
1 .': "Looking gat i me ?" I inquired - Mr. f. Dock
stader.'; The driver nodded j in^ an'affirma
tive.^';'i;^ .v : ; y^--' 1 -'^''^ 1^) i ¦-:'"/¦ r- '' : 
- "Like this face the way I wear it?" pur
Wanted to See Him^'Cut TJjk"
|. % Self-control is the main. thing, perhaps.. ,
I An occasional 'John ¦ the J Baptist .' does
good ; " for "everybody 5 to 7 b«M a' John '¦ the
Baptist were preposterous.— Detroit ; Free
Press 22nBnflM0HSn3&GHBUnBH
Self-destruction ? is not moral; . self-ne
glect is: not moral;, self-denial '.beyond 'a*
certain point is not moral. ->> •'¦ ; ; - ' ' - ' :¦¦-
Tolstoi seems pretty foolish ; when - he
he says the Doukhobors exemplify the
highest morality. . ,'-• r*
There was very little of the Doukhobor
about the Good Samaritan, '. whom:.the
Lord himself made the pattern" of moral
ity;- -;: ¦¦ ;'•--. ¦.- • ¦ v- - v,-.-
Mistaken! Morality.
One of the bright •. remarks | of Law
rence Barrett, and one that will- be re
called as long as the stage anecdote is
popular, was that which* he made to an
earnest but somewhat inartistic young
amateur who was a, member of his com
pany. •
The 'actor In question is well known to
day and ranks well with the best leading
men of the country. At that time, how
ever, he had not developed the ability
which he now has, and in:" Julius Caesar 1 '
appeared In one ' of ¦ the scenes ' in' a' white
toga, bordered with red. He had -wound
this about himself most artistically un
til he resembled an animated stick of
utrlped red and white candy. However,
a very different comparison waa suggest-.
ed to the mind of Barrett, the star,- as he
beheld the toga-swathed ¦; beginder. $
soon as he could get across the, stage in
the vicinity of the young actor and during
the , rendition of the lines of another
principal, -he exclaimed angrily In a loud
whieper:
"For heaven's sake;" get 'off .'the stage
get off the stage!. -You.* look like. a' sore,
finger!"— St. Louis Republic.
Barrett's Observation.
Seldom are we completely happy. When
we think we are there comes a gnawing
knowledge that our Joy cannot last
Germany owns 10.220 miles of tele
trraph cables, or one-twenty-foarth of
the entire system of the world, while
Oreat Britain owns two-thirds of the
total mileage.
Censure from friends and praise from
our enemies are . tho best guides to our
actual condition. t
Some surprising and noteworthy conclu
sions on this point have been reached by
a German naturalist. Werner of Vienna,
who has recently reported the results of
observations that he has been making for
some time on the senses of inferior ver
tebrates. Says the Revue Scientiflquo in
noting these results:
On certain points the conclusions of M.
Werner, are very surprising, and in all
they are worthy of notice. . Werner has
observed 136 individuals, of which one
third were at liberty, and he took all pos
sible, precautions not to let the creatures
know that , they were watched. One gen
eral fact is very evident that reptiles and
amphibians are strongly attracted by
water. They go straight for it, even when
they are at distances' so great that they
could not divine its presence, by -any of
the senses known to us. It seems '¦ really
that a sense of which we have no knowl
edge informs them , of the direction in
which water may be found.
There seems ; to be a sort of . chemical
attraction, says ; M. Werner. But ; how
does this r act, arid on what ; part j of the
creature? This remain's a mystery. \Rep
tiles also seek the light, but independent
ly of heat; they are positively hellotropic,'
and In winter they of ten leave a comfort
able and warm retreat , to seek the sun
light. Sight 1b generally good with . them.
It is probably the finest sense that they
possess, ; but . it would still appear to be
very limited. The caymans and the croc
odiles cannot distinguish a man at a dis
tance of more than six times their length,
according to Werner. In the water fishes
see only ; at very, close range— about half
their own length, i This will seem, per
hapg,"". unlikely : to ¦¦¦ anglers, although some
of . them can K cite Instances showing that
fish cannot'see far.: Snakes seem. to have
a very mediocre sense of sight. The boa,
f or '.: instance,; does I not | see at more than
aVquarter ¦¦ or a third • of ' its own • length;
different species^ arc limited to one-fifth
or one-eighth? of their length.' Frogs are
better, off. They see at fifteen or twenty,
times, their, length. -Frog 'catchers' know
this from experience. .'
: Hearing ? Is i much 'i poorer than } sight. • if
possible. Most reptiles are noticeably deaf,,
except caymans, and crocodiles; ;."the boa
appears to_ be absolutely, so.— Literary pW
gest.
SENSE ANI> PERCEPTIONS
OE VARIOUS- REPTILES
They Have Power Among Other
Things to' Divine Presence of
"Water. ,
sued Mr. Dockstader.
Again the affirmative nod.
"Ever see a face like this one I'm air
ing, this afternoon v ?"
"No — o." slowly returned the driver.
"But ain't you Mr. Dockstader? Ain't
you the minstrel man who plays on the
stage?"
"Guilty as Indicted," replied Mr. Dock
stader. "I'm the man. What's the mat
ter?" ._
The driver reined up his horses, smiled
broadly and drew a. silver quarter from
his pocket, which he placed in the hand
of the astonished minstrel. "Go on. cut up
a. bit, Mr. Dockstader," quoth the man.—
Denver News.
It Is. easy for a woman to take a man's
view, but it is impossible for her to main
tain it.
¦ ? ¦
The captain of a British tank steamer
from London . reported on his arrival in
New York the other day that his vessel
ran into smoke from the forest fires
about 600 miles out at sea.
The "hot-pepper"' eeller of Mexico is a
merchant who derives his livelihood from
the fact that the Mexican must have his
j*»ppers» whatever else he may deny hlm
pelf. They are brought to his door by the
countryman, or he may go to the market
place and find them spread out for sale on
matting. The market-man, while dressed
inexpensively as far as his bodily garb Is'
concerned, wears in nearly every instance
an elaborate head-covering. Some of these
Mexicans own hats that cost as much as
the rest of their wardrobe. The pride of
the white man in his Panama Is not to be
compared to that of the Mexican in his
sombrero. It is a racial characteristic
wtileh finds Its counterpart in the apron
of the Portuguese onion-seller. Her occu
pation may be lowly, but her apron might
b« that of a woman of high degree; plush
r4ired with fur is not uncommon.—Every
body's Magazine.
A Queer Trade
Their mother told the magistrate they
were good, respectable girls, but they took
some drink at the wedding of one of the
work girls at the laundry
The magistrate: "Do they often fight?"
The mother: "Oh. no; but I suppose they
had some words yesterday." (Laughter.)
The .magistrate: "Rather difficult 1
should think." His worship discharged
the couple.— London Chronicle.
A Police Constable said that they were
fighting furiously and a crowd had gath
ered around them.
The elder girl handed to the magistrate
a piece of paper on which was written the
words: "We went to Hammersmith to a
wedding and we had a little to drink. We
are very sorry."
Charged with being drunk and fighting
in the streets, two deaf and dumb girls,
Abigail O'Leary. 22, and Bridget O'Leary,
20, were placed in the docks at the West
London Police Court.
The Mutes "Had Some Words."
According to reports from Europe the
spread of Esperanto, the language in
vented for universal use, has proved of
value to Esperantlsts. At a recent gath
ering In London one of the guests brought
with him a' French gentleman and his
wife and a Czech from Bohemia. None of
the three could speak a word of English,
but Esperanto was found to be a per
fectly facile medium for conversation.
The Bohemian gentleman had had various
amusing experiences while journeying
through Europe. He had taken one of the
Esperanto journals, marked the names of
the secretaries of , the various groups in
tho foreign towns through which he had
to pass, and so, not knowing anything of
the . languages, he; had traveled through
several continental, countries, seeing all
that was to be seen with the help of
various Esperanto friends, and finally ar
rived - In England. He knocked jut the
door of a London Esperantist, who came
down to interview the stranger and
found that he needed a home while in
London, but did not know where to go,
as no one could understand ' him. There
was no difficulty, as both could communi
cate in Esperanto. — Chicago News.
The Spread of "Esperanto."
"But it seems reasonable that there
should be laws, and those laws rigidly
enforced against the practice. The pub
lic maintains criminal courts at enormous
expense to punish crimes, the majority of
which, without doubt, are committed
with revolvers. If it were hard for folks
to get pistols the expense of the criminal
courts would be cut down materially— to
say nothing of the gain in the way of de
creased trouble 'and grief in the world. '
"Of course the effects of such laws
would be plow at first, because of, the
countless number of revolvers scattered
about the country. But as time and con
fiscation - made these - weapons useless
there inevitably would be a heavy falling
off in the number of murders. It ought
to be more, difficult for a man to buy a re
volver than to buy, strichnine. Murder
with strychnine must -necessarily be pre
meditated, while murder ¦ with , a , revolver
can come on the instant and leave ever
lasting remorse behind.
"Walking the streets of many large cit
ies to-day are thousands of reckless and
quick-tempered youths who have loaded
revolvers in their pockets. There Is no
reason why they should be allowed to
have these instruments of death. We
have overlooked" the remedy too long."—
Washington Star, r ' ;¦ .;
"Some one has advanced the argument
in favor of the aale of deadly weapons
that the constitution of the United States
gives the right to bear arms. Maybe this
is good logic If so, then we should sub
side.
l "In these glorious days of liberty every
body down to the email boy ni&y delight
in the possession of a revolver.
"It Is tolerably hard to buy poison with
which to kill our enemies, for druggists
nowadays are inclined to be curious, but
the gunsmith asks no questions. The little
boy who thinks he would like to get rid
of a troublesome playmate has no diffi
culty, providing he can beg or Bteal a dol
lar or so. in arming himself. , The no
torious crook can walk into a store and
buy without embarrassment a means of
murder far more potent than poison.-
"The .nresent effort of armed cranks to
reach President Roosevelt Impresses more
firmlr upon me the lax laws regarding
the sale of dangerous weap'ons that exist
throughout tho United States,'-' ..- said
Charles F. Gasklns of 'Chicago at the
New Willard. - '
The Laws on the Subject Very Lax
and very Loosely Ad- : '
ministered. ••
SAJLE OP WEAPONS
MUCH TOO GENERAL
•'NEW T.ORK, Nov. 14.— Mrs. Nesxle
VtLssinl. 40 years of age, who lived "until
four months ago in an- interior town of
Russia and had never seen anything.pro
pelled by Steam or electricity, has become
Insane because of the noise made by ele
vated trains passing ,the hom^of- her
daughter,' with whom she lived. She be
.gan to complain a fortnight ago, and
finally covered: her ; ears, and screamed
wildly when a, train passed. At last she
attempted to leap from the window to es
cape tjie tormentors and was taken to a
hospital. '
City Noise Drove Her Insane.
PEORIA, 111., Nov. 14.— Frank "W. Ar
nold, for eleven years gTand secretary
treasurer of the Brotherhood of Locomo
tive Firemen, and previous to that time
grand master, has tendered hl3 resigna
tion, to be effective January 1. He goes
to Chicago to engage In commercial busi
ness. :~-
Labor Leader Besigns His Post.
About 5000 operatives are affected In the
Lonsdale mill and 600 In the United
States Cotton Company. The amount of
the reduction is not made known.
PROVIDENCE, R. I., Nov. 14.— Notice
of a reduction in wages have been posted
in the Goddard Company's cotton railla
at Blackstone and Ixmsdale and at tho
United States Cotton Company at Cen
tral Falls.
WAGES IN COTTON MILLS DROP.
About 50OO Employes in Rhode Isl
and Shops Are Affected.
Within a year, says the correspondent^
Russia and Belgium have obtained two
railway concessions in this region, while
the Peking syndicate continues its'fruit
less efforts to obtain the advantages de
manded and secured by Great Britain
five years ag-o as compensation for Chi
na's breach of faith In the Luhan mat
ter.
The Belgians acquire a railway travers
ing the region of the Yellow River, in
which a British syndicate obtained in
1S98 Important mining rights, since per
fclstently blocked by the obstructive tac
tics of the Chinese Government.
SHANGHAI. Nov. 14.— The new Belgian
concession for a railway from Kalfeng
fu to Honan, contracts for which have
just been announced, provides for an Is
sue of J5.000.000 of 5 per cent stock at 90.
The amount can be Increased hereafter
to meet requirements.
BELGIUM'S NEW COMTTESSIOH".
Boute for Proposed Railroad Tra
verses a Rich Region.
PITTSBURG, Pa.. Nov. 14.— The threat
ened lockout by the Builders' Exchange
League against all crafts affiliated with
the Building Trades Council 'became ef
fective to-day, throwing 8000 men out of
employment. With the 2000 men on sym
pathetic strikes, 10.000 are now Idle. If
the sympathetic strikes are not called off
before the close of next week the num
ber of men in the lockout will be In
creased to 20,000.
Builders' Exchange Starts a Tight
Against Trades Council. .
TEN" TH0USAin> IDLE.
NEW YORK. Nov. 14.— Practically all
teachers In the public schools of Greater
New York have been brought together In
a powerful organization comparing in a
favorable light numerically ¦ with any
trades union in the city. , The organiza
tion will be known as the Interborough
Council of Teachers. . ._ ;
, Overtures recently received from the
Central Federation of Unions to have
teachers form a regular trades union, af
filiated with union workmen throughout
the United States, were rejected, but the
Interborough Council possesses . all at
tributes of a trades union, although the
teachers Insist that there is. a wide differ
ence in their organization! Nearly 13,000
employes of the Board of Education are
members of the council, which will be the
governing body for all* the old associa
tions. The latter. therefore are practically
amalgamated after many years of inde
pendence. ,The organization has as its di
rect object the betterment of teachers and
a more perfect" co-operation with the
Board of Education.
PARIS, Nov. 14.— It was learned to-day
from a trustworthy source that Japan is
dissatisfied with the progress of negotia
tions between that country and Russia.
The Japanese Parliament will, meet on
December 6,' and the Government | of Ja
pan desires to be able to report that it
has reached an agreement with Russia,
as otherwise the opposition party is cer
tain to attack the Ministry violently,'de
mand war with Russia and inflame pub
lic sentiment to the war. point. It is
pointed out j that negotiations nave
dragged recently, especially while the
Czar and his Foreign Minister,: Count
Lomsdorff, were absent from .Russia.
Baron de Rosen, the Russian Minister in
Toklo, represented that nothing could be
obtained while they were away.
The Japanese claim Russian j tactics
have been dilatory throughout. They point
out that Japan first broached the sub
ject -of the Manchurian convention, and
that when Russia did not fulfill her. pledge
to evacuate the second province of Man
churia, Russia suggested that the nego
tiations be deferred until Lessar, the Rus
sian Minister to China, who was on leave
of absence, returned to Peking., Then Ja
pan renewed her overtureSf and Russia
proposed a further delay until the Russian
"War Minister, General Kuropatkln, had
returned from his visit to Japan. - i The
Japanese consequently expressed the opin
ion that the object of Russian policy had
been to gain time to reinforce the army
and navy of Russia in the Far East so
that she might be prepared for possible
war.
St. Petersburg Government Is
Accused of Blocking
Proceedings.
Objects of Organization Are
General Betterment of
Conditions.
Dissatisfied With ? the
Progress of Peace
Negotiations. %
New York Pedagogues
Form Union Ne arly ;
13,000 Strong.
JAPAN'S DISTRUST
OF RUSSIA GROWS
"WHERE'S YOUR
CARD, TEACHER?"
THE SM FRANCISCO CAtLr. SUKDAY, NOVEMBER 15^ 1903.
27
y : NTS.
New Millii^e'irry
/ . Every I> J
lW Wp Ifppn -vkJd Tie Big Millinery
||- HC RCCp *f[^^ Store Offers To.morroivf§
It Moving. WimJ >™^'t&& %zU
W millinery business of the WgBfr SPECIAL q«c Wi
ffl town is easily proved by jSB&%L t k» "i « W&
IssSrSaa; mm £%£?&£z%
mF we ire forced to buy new ifi^^R^ l«Jc to
1 goods. There I* the same 2f~ Best quality Beaverette, ¦
L 1 diHerence between goods y In stunning Gainsborough 1
I taken from a stagnant stock I shapes, as well as the flat |
I and those coming. from «¦ j *ad French sailor effect, ¦
I live one that there is be- \ SPECIAL 95c |
I tween •water from a stag- Our assortment of Ama- I
I nant pond and from a zones and French Ostrich . ¦
I ruthing river . _ginn Plumes is the largest on the ¦
j] Not a train comes ia that ra^^fegs^ Coast. H
« does cot bring' us new \sSgagliisgH. Ve invite your inspec- ||
it goods; not a style comes tion and comparison of SB
H out In New York that is "^^^r^a prices* Free delivery to H
¦ not shown at ZOBEL'S ***^ Oakland, Alameda and B
II six days later. Berkeley. B
• vlt may surprise the reader to learn that
women are more prone to piles than men,
and in most cases because it is difficult to
Impress 'Upon them the importance of reg-
ular movements of ¦ the bowels ; irregular-
ity .'means straining at stool/ and strain-
ing means plies," with ¦ the certainty (un-
der the ;usual methods of treatment) that
the. sufferer will ;"have ;them always with
her*! ", by ;. "usual ' methods". I Is j meant the
application of salves and lotions, ' or (as a
last resort) a surgical operation. ... ., ¦
If there is_ a complaint .which entails
more distress and suffering upon those af-
flicted than; piles or hemorrhoids,; it is not
known to : the '¦ writer; ; fortunately, how-
ever,; these -are i learning, that there "is
al remedy that effectually "cures all i forms
of piles; it is known as the Pyramid ' Pile
Cure,, is -in suppository: form, ; is applied
directly & to the parts, i and does : its work
quickly and painlessly ; it Is sold by drug-
gists i at' 60 cents '» a ' package, or will be
mailed H by : , the makers ¦ to * any .' address
upon receipt of price.;. ' .." -:.",' . , . :¦„ ¦ -.¦/.
' Mrs."-* V. : :' M. . Joliff, • ¦ PharisburgV : : Ohio,'
says : t "I. feel ; it my .; duty, .: to 7 acknowledge
the great 5 benefit I have received, from the
use v of- Pyramld^Pile CureJ^; For Several
months ,1 . suffered f untold agony/ from ! the
bleeding | plles^; and [ was finally advised I by
a Columbus? doctor^ tol get Pyramid ¦< Pile
Cure * at\ once, * which (I-idld^ and /one; box
completely K cured ¦•' me. ' I . advise all ¦ suf -
f erers a to l^use!ii it" -;»Write Hho : Pyramid
Drug ' Co., . Mars-hall;; Mich., 5 for) their, little
book; on the :j .causes and euro of piles.*. 1 X'
No one disputes tho fact that -we are
living in 'a "rapid" age; it la rush, -rush,
rush from morning until night, and com-
petition is sp, fierce that the struggle. does
not cease until the machine 1b worn out
Women, too, even ' when surrounded by
every comfort,' : become " infected ;by the
common spirit,, and ¦"•what, with their clubs
and many, social duties, have no time to
give thought to .their physical well-being
until they are . suddenly ~ brought to a
sharp realization' of the fact that nothing
In their lives is so important as attention:
to correct or rational living. :
A Great Strain.
THE STRENUOUS LIFE
ADVEBTISEMENTa
™WHITE HOUSE
1 HE A ill . ¦-: JL Mmd ¦ ¦ ML ML. \£ %£ ' %& *ad
I LEATHER GOODS DEPARTMENT I
The Novelty Leather Goods Department is now
complete for the holiday season, including Toilet and
Traveling Sets, Writing, Medicine and Jewel Cases;
Collar and Cuff Boxes, Traveling Ink Wells, Flasks and
Bottle Sets in Leather Cases; Music Rolls, Telephone
Registers and a great many other useful and attractive
articles all at reasonable prices.
Wrist Bags: Oh the bargain table this week— a lot
of Wrist Bags; some with separate purse, others with
inside frame; all of latest design and colors z[»| p-a
in Walrus and in Morocco. These are our HJ Kll
regular goods at $2.50....... uvv |
A Dainty Bag in all colors of Saffian with leather
handle to match, lined with a good quality of silk and
fitted with purse, card case and vinaigrette, x^ —^
Good value at $3.50. \7 Kll
Special price flatly |
The New Square Shaped Bag with long chain and
separate purse in genuine Walrus and also in Morocco;
these are in the latest colorings and the _^
mountings are in gilt, oxidized and Ger- Sk\ Kll
man silver; regular bag at $5.00 V?V*VV
Assortment of Wrist, Automobile and Carriage
Bags has never been so complete. Some in very high
novelties and all at popular prices.
I HANDKERCHIEF DEPARTMENT I
Handkerchiefs for the holidays are more attrac-
tive than ever. The White Embroidered Goods are
put up in attractive boxes, six assorted patterns to
the box, all new designs and very sheer and sell for
$1.50, $3.00. $4.50, $6.00, $7.50 and $9.00 per box.
The Prench Colored Handkerchiefs for both ladies and
men have a mixture of silk with the linen which
gives them a very rich appearance and lends to their
wearing qualities. Assortment of Initial Goods is
most complete. Initials and Monograms are also
done to order.
I LARGE ASSORTMENT OF IMPORTED FANS AND PERFUME |
/ Cor.Po3t&Kearny Sts.
- ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Order Now for Christmas
till IIMBII II II II y//tffe=-~7* The ENCYCLOPAEDIA BRITANNICA will make an
j^:.;ij|^p4^i= w^^ i ea^ Christmas present. That goes without saying. Yet you
ra^^g^^^^^i^j^A^^==^ may wonder why we are mentioning the fact now. It is by
| :^ #^^^^ Lm =: |JJ^|T way of warning.
,,^^^^^^^^^^^^^;^^^=7 By the first of December we will not promise to deliver
M^UM^fj^: {ffmWjrjglni^ ¦ ( b°°k s for Christmas except in very urgent cases. It takes
— \ about thirty days to fill an order for BRITANNICA, on ac-
JK^M§MIL^ II^UfLJjmi^M' 1 count of the large number of orders constantly coming in.
: 4 Last year we were sold so far ahead that it was impossible to
I ma^ e i mme diate deliveries and we were forced to decline ac-
cepting Christmas orders. Many patrons offered to pay us the
[uLdi§.^ludi^iizlLjMil^B \ * u ** P" ce * n advance for sets, but we could not accept their
54,432 Sets Have Been Ordered
, ; [^^^ —^^^^ ;^i^^^^ Since our distribution of the 20th Century Edition began.
lit 1 Is si!'' '~lt3jlFu"~%llW&il The largest book manufactory in the United States has been
\^ih\ \ g g u^^^^^^^^^^^3 unable to keep pace with the enormous demand.
We Therefore Give Fair Warning!
' fef (I f roilMiifc-i If you want a set of the ENCYCLOPAEDIA BRITAN-
¦ NICA for a Christmas present send the Inquiry Coupon to us
AT ONCE. It will bring, you full particulars, and also en-
title you to a handsome bookcase, which will lend finish and
added dignity to your gift. All applications will be filed in
the order received.
The New 20th Century Edition
Is" a marvel of completeness. Comprising 31 volumes of 25,000
large pages, it opens up every vein of knowledge known to
mankind.. No less than three millions of dollars were spent in
its preparation. The world's greatest scholars have labored
THni¥^d 7/^"?/ ' H'DliiW^ t over it for one hundred years. That is why the BRITAN-
tfeffilfeSi^^yiiS^^^ NICA is recognized as the king of encyclopaedias all over the
e '° be ' Pay for it AFTER Christmas!
Mg^^^^^^Ja^^^ BRITANNICA takes little of your Christmas money— noth-
jit^il§ ill ickH^uu^ii- 4$M&2z^Jk m^ beyond the first payments. Afterward it may be .paid for
j^ggt^^^l^ ¦ v^^|^ r a little at a time — when you will hardly feel the outlay. And
W±}h W]l± (Hnl^Ju^lgi^ y° u order now, you get it at less than half price.
1 Price Will Soon Advance!
IKiJlsiit^ASiltU lil$W^i^ n account of the increased cost of materials and labor,
the price of this Encyclopaedia must be advanced at an early
IS^lSW^^SjidLlSmJ^i'^ date ' We have> however ' arf anged that this increase in price
sha^ not g° nto effect until the present printing is exhausted.
ln^lirM^: : --Ji--rjL:']J^J!'!^f^&^!^ But prompt action is needed to obtain a set on the pres-
6^T^^^^^r\ cnt advanta g eous terms. Cut out the INQUIRY COUPON
K3|i®ffiB^l^^iS^ before you lay aside this paper and send it in AT ONCE !
"It is without a peer in the whole noble army of encr-
r^B^ j) fr^^^^^S " ThC Encyclooacdia Britannica is kinp of its tribe."— Prof.
" If a11 othcr books were destroyed, the Bible excepted. the
E^ii!?i^i!_?V:jtr!i>!.'- ~j 'i&f$MjJjfsi?£pf*^' world would lose but little of its information."— S'pnrgooTL.
BOOKCASE FREE*
¦ ¦ . , ...--. A limited number of Bookcases will be given tf of than* to
31 MaSSive Volumes C*U readers who respond promptly, am. coupon Delow wlU b«
*T V- lJias^ lVK ' «viUi»«5a. known as the Bookcase Coupon and should be mailed aft onoe. '"T
Weight Over 200 Pounds. {J^ 3 Cut Out and Mail. This Coupon To-day.
¦ " - ; » »' ¦ ¦¦- ' " 11-15-C3
25 volumes Nint^Edition. The American Newspaper Association.
5 Volumes American Additions. ! Parrott Building. San Francisco, CaL
1 Volume Guide to Systematic -rtt J j , " — ; r~
Readings of the whole Work. .Please send me free of charge sample pages- and fall
. particulars of your Encyclopaedia offer (Bookcase Cou-
YjV.^ Secures This Entire Set pon). *
New 20th Century Edition Name «r»« Street ._, _
.-¦•:¦: You can pay the' balance ' . Town Countv
JL at the rate of only 10c a lown V^OUnry itate ;
day f ? r a 8hort time SAN FRANCISCO CALL BUR5AU I*$.
A P V Vi Tt-TTR'P'-'Nl KMTH-
T(j)N6ENinTY opens the door throvgh the Simplex to every chord
15 o! harmony. No matter what the time or style, the selection
is within its power. Each performer becomes a master as time and
touch arc completely within the controL Call at the store and let ||
us convince yov. | Or better still, let vs place one in yovr home, ii
You will never let it Jo. Combine it with the Behr Bros. & ||
M Bavmebtcr Piano and yov will have a lasting sovrcc o! pleasure, y
If Accommodating terms ii yov wish. Ovr circuhtin| library is a f|
|J fcatvre. which, lor a small consideration, allows you to change your, i
H pieces frcqucntty. We carry the largest line o! sheet mvsic in " 'the fjHarry, Goldstein, an , ex-messenger; boy,
who : was ; convicted ** by/ a •• jury,? In * Judge
Dunne's 'on ; a charge > of grand J lar£
ceny/. for : knocking down'/ and ; stealing ?a
gold ; watch . from : F. ' B. ;« Velrs, i a (decora
tor, \ on the morning , of < July * was \ sen^
tenced yesterday I to] serve; four| yearsV In
San s Quentln. j ; Elmer^ Miller,; convicted * on
a : charge; of-vassault with a. deadly] weapon
for,-. stabbing;i Henry :f Scheihlng. ¦; < the
hlght^'of l May) 19,- was" sentenced \ to -serve
eighteen "months in' San* Quentin...;*
Prisoners Are . Sentenced.
' A libel suit was filed by J. D."Spreck
els & Bros. Co. against the French ship
Leon Blum ; and the : cargo^ of the.'shlp
Alexander : Gibson for ;J5000 salvage f or
services rendered '. by . the j tugs ; Relief j and
Reliance in rescuing ; those vessels in ) the
bay in yesterday's storm. .
William F. Dasha. Thomas J. Dempgey
and T. T. Burnett, former deputy sheriffs,
indicted . for conspiracy in the Chinese
substitution cases, appeared yesterday in"
the United States , District ; Cour^ with
their ¦ fellow-defendants, < Lee LJnr- Horn
Toon and Wong Din, and Interposed de
murrers to the indictment on, the ground
that ' no offense had been charged/ ;.; The
demurrers will be argued I on Monday. v
George W. ; Rumble, V indicted by ' the
Grand Jury for -.using; the malls in" fur
therance of a wildcat mining scheme with
2 per cent monthly dividends,* appeared in
court and ' gave a : new,, bond for. $3000 ' for
his appearance at the trial. : > ..; :%¦ ' : ;.;:;-.
John: Noch filed ajlibel against the
schooner ; Seven ; Sisters to* recover J210 76
for alleged balance of wages due as sea
man. ¦ .' . " •'.,'. ¦•"'.'^ .'-.-¦-.¦ , ; ,. ' ; , .¦':¦;¦•;
Libel Filed in the District Court for
Saving Two Vessels From
Wrecking.
DASHA AND HIS MATES
ATTACK AN_ INDICTMENT
George T. Querback. alias "Pistol
Jack." who was arrested on Friday by
Policeman J. F. Mackey, was booked at
the City Prison yesterday on a charge of
murder. He is accused of causing tha
death of Mrs. Annie Wilson of 5 Capp
street on the evening of November 1.
Charged With Murder.
Feld Murder Case Continued.
The case of Joseph Feld, charged with
the -murder " of, his father-in-law, Fritz
Dirking, was called_.before~ Police Judge
Fritz yesterday^f or preliminary hearing.
Attorney Alford appeared for the defend
ant and asked for a continuance till next
Friday,"' which was granted.
Install New Officers.
The Catholic Ladles' Aid Society,
branch No. 25, of the Paulist Fathers
held an entertainment and Installation of
officers last Tuesday night The follow
ing officers were Installed: President.
Mrs. . M. Smith; senior vice president.
Mrs. JI. Hemmenway; Junior vice presi
dent. Mrs. K. Gaines; treasurer. Mrs. O.
F. Sheaf er; recording secretary, Miss
Mary Jones; financial secretary. Mrs. J.
Plckett; guard. Mrs. M. Rojo. marshal.
Mrs. M. Dolan; executive committee,
Mrs. Plckett, Mrs. Gaines. Mrs. Hemmen
way. ":'-."¦
The programme to be rendered to-day
at Golden Gate Park follows: >.; ?~ -^
"Star-Spangled. Banner,", national an
them, U. S. A. (the audience Is requested
to arise and remain standing during the
rendition of this number); march,""Amer
ican Citizen," Hon. E. E. » Schmitz; over
ture, "The Mill - on the Cliff." Relssiger ;
waltz. "La Barcarole," Waldteufel: com
ic- opera "The Serenade," Vic
tor: Herbert; Hungarian rhapsodle No. 2,
Liszt: overture, "William Tell," Rossini;
(a) "Passing of Ragtime" (Arthur Pryor),
(b) "La Paloma" (MIssud) ; * ballet music
from "Fauat," Gounod; descriptive, "A
Summer Evening In the Alps," Kllng;
reminiscences of Donizetti, Godfrey;
"America."
Music at £he Park.
it Is not the proper thing for an officer to
direct a subordinate to execute an order
by addressing him simply by his family
name, but that his surname should be
preceded by his title. .
he was with his friends during tha en
tire evening.
It Is thought that Cochiforos died from
paralysis and heart disease, following a
long course of dissipation. The body was
removed to the Morgue and the stomach
removed for examination by the City
Chemist.
PETEB COCHIFpBOS DIES
AFTER LONG DBINKENG BOUT
Friends Assert He Was Dragged, bat
Police Investigation Disproves
'-.;.'?, y Theory.
Peter Cochiforos, a Greek, 24 years of
age. died at the French Hospital early
yesterday morning and the Coroner's of
fice and the police are engaged In,Inves
tigating the circumstances surrounding
the case.
Cochlforos, who was a sandwich . ped
dler, resided at 5 Harrfet street, and on
Friday evening with a number of com
panions was drinking in ¦ the , saloon and
restaurant of John Proforos, 833 Howard
street.
Cochiforos was taken suddenly ill and
was removed to the French Hospital.
His stomach was pumped out -by the doc
tors, as it was surmised that the man
was .suffering from alcoholism. H© re
vived, but some hours later collapsed and
died.
The friends of the dead man said that
Cochiforos had been drugged and robbed
and Chief of Detectives Martin detailed
Detective Ed Gibson on the case.
Detective Gibson" found that . Cochiforos
was not seen In the possession of any
large sum of money on Friday and that
* A suit for dissolution of partnership
was filed yesterday by Franz Hamm
against Otto Schmidt and Adam Hllde
brand. They conduct a saloon, restaurant
and lodging-house at - 2229 Powell street.
Hamm says the defenflants take more
than their share of the profits of the
business. ¦ . ;
Claims Partners Cheat Him.
Francisco FigonI, a scavenger, was
fined $130 by Police Judge Fritz yester
day. He was convicted by a jury of vio
lating the -health ordinance by driving a
leaky and uncovered wagon. Three times
before had Figoni been convicted by. ju
ries on a similar charge and by a singu
lar coincidence a remittitur from the Su
perior Court was received yesterday by
tbe Judge which affirmed a previous sen
tence cf CO. " .
Scavenger Heavily Fined.
Frances H. Johnston, who was a pas
senger on the steamer Point Arena last
August, when she ran aground near Point
Ross, sued Beadle Bros., owners~of the
vessel, yesterday for $10,705 damages. The
plaintiff's leg was broken and she suf
fered internal injuries as the result of the
wreck, which, she says, was caused by
carelessness. ' • . . .
Sues the Beadles for Damages.
The retirement of Professor Syle from
the faculty of the University of Callforr
nla about a year ago came with an ab
ruptness that was in its method consid
ered coercion at the hands of the regents
and Is deemed by many to have been due
to the differences between Professor Syle
and Professor Charles Mills Gayley, head
of the English department. President
Wheeler took a hand in the controversy
and is said to have taken sides with Gay
.ley in forcing the retirement. Although
he rarely spoke of his tnuble Syle 'was
attacked with spells of melancholia,
| wnicn graauuay uppeareu moie irenueiu
j ly and he was for a time under treat
ment at a sanitarium. Lately he has
been living at 577 Twelfth street in this
cAy.-
Irofessor Syle was born In British In
dia and was 45 years of age. His father
was an Episcopal clergyman and a chap
lain In the British army. When young
Syle was a mere lad the family moved to
this country and ' Syle entered Yale and
graduated with the degree of M./A. '
ABBUPT DISMISSAIi.
His ideals were far beyond what \. the
many attain to and it was this that made
his dramatic criticism in the dailies too
severe to become popular with the peo
ple whose art-was his passion, and the
commercial value of his work in this line
was a failure.
Keen and bright, his analyses and crit
icisms in the classroom were a constant
inspiration to those who listened to his
lectures. He would endeavor to thin out
his classes at the beginning of each term
by an exaggerated picture of the hard
work ahead of those entering for the
work. This was done so thafonly those
would remain that were earnestly seek
ing their own improvement, and to these
he gave the best that lay in his power. *
Professor Syle was a man of rare lit
erary attainments and had established
for himself an enviable and world wide
reputation, both as an author and a dra
matic critic. He made English literature
his special study and Sis connection with
the university was a recognition
of his ability. He wrote a book on the
drama and did some dramatic criticism
and special writing for the newspapers,
but it is not through these that he will
be remembered by the many with whom
he came in contact.
months, his death came as a sur
prise and he leaves a wife' and daughter
prostrated. He Insisted on getting up
this morning and the exertion evidently
overtaxed his strength and stilled the
beating of his heart
The funeral arrangements have not
been completed, but the services will be
held next Tuesday morning at 10:30
o'clock. Professor Syle was for many
years connected witl* the University of
California and will be remembered
throughout the length and breadth of Cal
ifornia by hundreds to whom he en
deared himself in the course of his in
struction. While , somewhat brusque In
his manner and cutting and sarcastic in
his speech In the classroom, those who
penetrated this exterior found a friend
and a man with a fund of good humor.
/ HIGHLY EDUCATED. .
OAKLAND, Nov. 14.— Professor I*
du Pont Syle died in this city at
11 o'clock this forenoon. Al
though he has been falling for
Professor L. Du Pont \ Syle
Passes Away at His ,
Home in Oakland.
PROFESSOR L. DU PONT SYL.H,
WHO DIED AT HIS HOME IN
OAKLAND.
The cases were continued till Wednes
day to enable the District Attorney to
file an answer to the affidavits. He says
there Is r.o necessity for him to file an
answer, the proceedings before a Grand
Jury being secret, as decided both by the
Supreme Court and the Federal court.
Topping in his affidavit averred that
whiie he was testifying before the Grand
Jury the District Attorney had remarked:
"If you were in a criminal court maybe
three or four days in the County Jail
would cause you to answer more rap
idly." The District Attorney had also re
marked to the witness, "Are you dull or
dishonest?*'
In his affidavit the defendant averred
that he had been served with a subpena
and compelled to testify against his will
before the Grand Jury; that he had not
been informed that he was to be sworn
or investigated In any matter concerning
himself or any of his acts or doings; that
he had been asked questions and had an
swered some, but refused to answer oth
ers, as it might incriminate him, and he
was not compelled to be a witness in any
< riminal proceeding against himself; that
all the papers, documents and books of
the firm had been taken possession of by
Henry Wadsworth, the receiver appointed
by the United States District Court in the
bankruptcy proceedings, against the de
sire of the defendant, and Wadsworth
had appointed Arthur C. Platt and James
L. Fields to expert the books of the firm,
and they had testified before the Grand
Jury against the protest of the defend
ant's counsel.
The first shot in the legal battle of the
people against Herman and Jacob Ep
pingcr of the bankrupt firm of Epplnger
& Co.. charged with obtaining money
by false pretenses, was fired by Attorneys
Ach and Dunne on behalf of the defend
ants in Judge Lawlor's court yesterday.
Tbe defendants were called upon to plead
end the!r attorneys promptly filed a mo
tion to quash the indictment against Her
man Eppingcr, which was accompanied
by alildavits by the defendant and W. W.
Topping, a former employe of the firm.
The. motion was made on the grounds
that the Indictment was not found nor in
dorsed nor presented as prescribed by the
Penal Code; that it had been based upon
illegal and Incompetent testimony received
by the Grand Jury; that the defendant,
against his will, was compelled to appear
before the Grand Jury and testify, and
that the District Attorney had been guilty
of improper .and Illegal conduct in con
ducting the investigation that resulted in
the Indictment:
Upson admitted that previous to calling
Drs. Preston and Reynolds to attend* his
wife he had given her morphine to allay
htr pains.
Upson further admitted that he had se
cured morphine tablets at the drug stores
of Olson at Geary and Mason streets and
Bayley at 251 Grant avenue, but he denied
that he had given his wife any morphine
after calling Dr. Preston to visit his wife
last Sunday. " '
Upson insisted that from the time he
called in Dr. Pres'ton last Sunday until
his wife died early Thursday morning
he only gave his wife the medicines
prescribed by Dr. Preston and Dr. Rey
nolds, who were called to see Mrs. Upson
a ipw hours before she died.
Both physicians have stated that they
did not prescribe any morphine for Mrs.
Upson. yet her death is.6upposcd to have
been caused by the administration of
morphine. The stomach of the dead wom
an and the medicines prescribed by the
doctors are now in the hands of the City
Chemist for analysis and the inquest wlil
not be held until the result of th& analy
sis is given to Coroner Leland.
Upson is well known to the police. H«
was arrested a number of times for
printing bogus lottery tickets, but always
managed to escape conviction. Some
years ago he was arrested by the late
Chief of Police Lees on a charge of hav
ing dies for counterfeit money In his pos
session, but again escaped conviction.
If the result of 'the analysis of. the stom
ach of Mrs. Upson discloses that she died
from morphine poisoning and that the
medicines prescribed for her by the doc
tors who attended her did not contain
that drug. Upson will be subjected to an
other examination by the police and Cor
oner Leland.
Captain of Detectives Martin yesterday
secured a statement from Joseph F. Upson,
husband of Mrs.' Irene Upson, who died
early on Thursday morning last, presum
ably from morphine poisoning, under
mysterious circumstances.
Detective Ed Gibson secured the pres
ence of Upson at police headquarters and
the man was submitted to an examina
tion by Captain Martin and Detective
Gibson.
¦„ While efforts will } b"e ; made ; to establish
the courtesy that is calculated to ; add to
the • dignity : of the ! organization . as a
whole, the » Idea will ¦ be given " out that
such f deportment in '., the guard '% Is * to '¦ be
during; the time that the men and. officers
are in uniform, and that it is not Intended
to affect In any /way i the, C relations be
tween, officers and/men ; as civilians. It
will' be I to teach them that when they are
in uniform : for ; drill; musterA Inspection,
parade or other military, function they are
soldiers;: and; should be such; In* fact ; ? as
well ; as In name. ; The . officers ; are also \ to
be 'instructed that it is decidedly, unmili
tary ' for [them ~; to '¦;- be S too ;-" familiar.' with
fellow "officers or l'*ndh-coxns," .¦? and '- that
The same, laxity has been noticed In re
gard to men entering the quarters of su
perior officers. They enter without knock
ing, take seats without being | invited and
do ¦ not remove their.) headgear. They
make ; themselves as much at • home in the
officers' quarters as : if they were in : their
own* houses, which is thought not to" be
conducive ; to ; good " discipline.' ;An effort
will 5 be -made to have the military rela
tions as nearly as possible like those: that
exist in. the regular. army.*; When men de
sire to visit officers' quarters ' they j shall
not enter without giving the proper,warn
ing knock, and in I the 't presence ¦ of
an officer In - quarters ; to" come i to ' atten
tion, state : the j business ; which . brings
them and then retire In due f orm.V . '•'
"¦'One. of. the subjects that will receive at
tention during the attempt to reorganize
the guard In the next few months will 'be
the respect that military discipline; calls
for between officers and men and men and
officers while in uniform. It has /been
found that for the good of the service
there has been too much familiarity. while
on duty between the rank and file and the
officers, the men presuming on personal
friendship . with the officers Jn civil, life
and addressing them, no*t by title, but by
their given names, as, for- instance, In
stead of saying "captain" or- "lieutenant".
It is "Say, JlmV'^pr "Look here, Tom," all
of which is contrary to military etiquette.
POLITENESS DEMANDED.
There is some talk of usihg a portion
of , the State allowance for the purpose of
putting the quarters of the officers on
board of the Marion in first-class condi
tion.
Company D, San Rafael, Fifth Infan
try, and Captain Grattan's command of
the first battalion of artillery will meet
to-day at the San Rafael . target range
for the purpose of a contest at the three
distances. It is expected that ' it will be
a close match, as each organization has
many first-class shooters. :
The Musicians' Union, having decided
that members of the union may enlist in
the guard, . Captain Bauer of the ; Naval
Militia" is making arrangements to secure
a band for the battalion. V (
The uniform board of the guard Is pre
paring specifications in order to advertise
for bids for new r blouses and caps to
conform to those of the army of the
United States. As there is not money
enough in the fund, for want of a suf
ficient appropriation. It will be Impos
sible to furnish the men with trousers.
I Colonel Hayes, commanding the Fifth
Infantry, visited " Company H . at Napa
last week. > This ia the company that
was severely criticized by Colonel* Kos
ter his recent report of Inspection.
The colonel i had a heart to heart -talk
with, the officers and men and gave them
to understand what Js wanted in order, to
redeem themselves and put the company
on '"its military feet again. ' Subsequently
the colonel was present at a meeting of
the city and county officials, attended also
by many leading citizens, and at this
meeting the possibility of the company's
being mustered out ' of the service was
discuss? d at length. I The expression of
the citizens was that ' they would do all
they Could to build up the company to
the end that it should not be disbanded.
LOOKING FOR BIDS.
Last Monday night Colonel Wilhelm,
United States army Inspector for the Na
tional Guard of ", California, paid a visit
to the '¦ Ellis-street armory, where he ad
dressed the officers and members of the
First Battalion of Artillery. His remarks
teethe membership were 'in the nature of
a lecture on the -need of officers obtain
ing military knowledge. He said that it
is always ' the duty of the officers to fa
miliarize themselves with that which may
be of , the 'greatest benefit to themselves,
and to impart that knowledge to the men,
so that they may be able to use such
knowledge whenever the opportunity pre
sents itself. *
The officers,; he said, should acquire
knowledge about" the country In which
they are located, and particularly about
the section itt which their "organization is
located, to the end that they may know
how to defend any particular part of the
territory. They should become acquainted
with all methods of travel, railroads,
water r courses, country roads and even
trails, bo that If at any time they are
called upon to move they can do so with
out having to spend time consulting maps
and making Inquiry aa to the most "feasi
ble way to reach a certain point.? They
should have a good general Idea of- the
modes of transportation throughout the
State and, adjacent States, and this knowl
edge snould be Imparted to the men In
such a manner aa to give the information
that will enable them to act and know
where! to go. He spoke of the system In
the: various armies; he had visited, and
told of the manner in which the officers
secure Information and how they Impart
It to the men," also of the Information
they secure to protect various sections of
the territory from Invasion. He dwelt at
some length upon the completeness- of the
German system, which he declared Is on©
of the best that can be devised. The
army of that nation, h« said, Is thorough
ly Informed as to the military resources
of the country, | giving it a decided ad
vantage over armies that are not so well
informed as It is. The Imparting of such
information to the men, he said, has a
tendency to make them more interested
in their duties, and he concluded by tell
ing the officers that before they are com
petent to impart Information they must
obtain it through . personal effort and ob
servation. -
Illegal Acts Before Grand
Jury Principal Ground
Alleged.
Admit?, However, He Gave
Drug to Her Previous to
Calling Doctors. .-.'.-
Company H of the Fifth
Disbanded.
Citizens of Napa Do Not Want
Their Attorneys Pile a
Motion to Quash In
dictment.
Denies Giving Morphine
to Wife Just Be
fore Death.
United States Inspector
Talks to Artillery
1 'Battalion.
EPPIHGERS FIRE
THE FIRST SHOT
UPSON MAKES
A STATEMENT
GUARD OFFICERS
GET GOOD ADVICE
SCHOLAR
IS CALLED
BY DEATH
THE gAN FD iffiCISCO ; CALL, S tmDAY, NOB1MBER ,15, 1903.
28
;t Newbro's ¦ Herpicide will do . this In
every, case. V It is also a delightful dress-
ing. ¦ , •¦;-. ,•¦-.: ;, -¦:. ¦¦¦-.-,#. -,•:¦¦ - ; .'-.¦¦ ¦• ¦:¦..;
s- Sold iby.;leading ! druggists. -Send; 10c> in
stamps for sample to iThe Herplcide =Co.r
Detroit. Mich. -: ; - r.
4 Science has shown ' the ¦ falseness ,'. of
this '¦ belief, by; proving '¦ that ibaldness it-
self. Is 5 not; '&* constitutional diseasei-but
tho .: result » of ¦ a ! germ -; invasion ¦ of -which
only, Herplcide can ~ effectually ' rid the
scalp. -.:'¦: ¦..."/;..;¦ ¦.-:;:-. 4 -.--.. ,.¦/¦.¦ ;.- .= -.--' ¦^>-\'i
only s cleans the scalp of Dan-
druff ; fit; doesn i t;kill ' the : germs;; . - ,
j-Ai'Destroy, the cause you remove the et-
tecU'..s;> •.';;<¦;„-.•¦¦¦;¦..¦•¦- >--. -y_ ;:../ ¦¦ : ; ;c:-,,.
: .• People used to think that baldness was
one of those i things ¦¦- which . are i handed
d own ;V from >: generation "-to generation,
from ' father to son — Just ' like > a ' family
heirloom. .¦;: : ; -'-.-¦¦¦¦. ¦ : ¦* : "V**;*- !
•m Science.
Shown to Be Ah«olutely Pals* by Mofl-
AN OX.S XOSA
; ADVERTISEMENTS.
. ¦¦¦.-¦;. .-¦¦ - ¦-¦¦.-¦ ¦¦¦-¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦. j '¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦ ....;.___ : _ -. .
fThe Modern Specific That Produces f 38^
BEAUTY-STRENGTH Ft
Every man and woman may find it in j^
The Great Nerve Tonic / y^
and Blood Remedy f
Produce plumpness, round out hollowness, bring the bloom of youth to > *y* /| D / JET |
the cheeks,^ and all who take them enjoy, good' health and strength. - :M jh% LJ Mm*t~ * * *y^
Nervan j Tablets act on the nerves and\blood, and contain all the elements of life. Positively
CURE KIDISIEY and BLADDER TROUBLES; Rheumatism, all Diseases of the Blood, Back-
ache and Nervous Dyspepsia, Clear the Complexion i and Aid -'¦ Digestion. .
Give you a '¦•good appetite;; renew life cells in young and old.V; Permanently restore^ youthful vigor ana vi-
tality. They tone up the whole system and make you "feel; like a' new person. , ¦ •_
. ' No remedy* In the. world to equal thein. Tako a few Nervan and note the wonderful effects.
; ALCOHOL INiALL LIQUID KIDMEY AND RHEUMATIC REMEDIES CONDEMNS IHtM. ; ,
¦ An iKnorantly compounded remedy containing alcohol, aa nearly all liquid kidney remedies do. will stimulate them »o violently
v.that an inflammation will, be setup, and Instead of beln* merely lazy. thejkidneyB will become diseased. Tablets soothe
! t .There Is no alcohol In Nervan Tablela to Interfere with the removal of all harmful snllmeni from the body - t T«i aieenleJr?Tui
and. heal the kidneys wh«i they are irritated and lnflamtd. .They cure the kidney diseases that make you dlz * y -J?* U^_ £ th» iJSf
Irritable: that; make youpass water often, during the day and night; that cause rheumatism, catarrh of the w * d^ e^;,K_ n c Sni,e-im^*
joints and muscles; that make your head ache and cam? Indigestion, stomach and liver trouble, and a sallow * n £, (^°^_S2^ pl *5*'^r-
•i'..,,-^ No matter; how many other -remedies -you may hav« ¦ tried and found useless, remember the Treat modern remeay, nervan
- ' Tablets. 3 the . Deer ' of all ; remedies. > will . cu re yini.TMaii^MtlWfeWBWBBP8P>iWy > <IBW8HW'P^MW^BW8Fy i S^
. Samplea of many latter* received from srrateful persona who have beea cured by Nervan TaWeta.
C - B Oentlem«n:°'For the past six year*' I have •uffered greatly with Rheumatism, at times was so bad I «" Id l 'l^ 1
«eemed the cold. wind Wowed on my leg all the: time. I never found wliet.untlir took Nervan Tablets, and they cured m« «g«ck: am
in fine health now. ; Any onelwho wants to see' me can. Very truly. A..F.;HAiRSTON. 915 Leland ave.. Sheridan Park.
- Nervan; Tablet* Co., ChlcaWo.'. 111.— -" ' . Tb* Delmonlco, Guide Rock. Nebr.. Nov. «, 190O.
..Gentlemen: My wife and; myself have taken 'three boxes of Nervan Tablets and I think It la the beat medicine on earth. We
are both galninBr.ih.nesh and strength.' iW« both cheerfully recommend Nervan JTablats to the suffering humanity a n* »»^ e»v vouch for
its many qualities. If. the above Is Of any. benefit to you. yon can use It as_a testimonial/ Wt»« ever ready _*° ' ™« c * f orits good
qualities. v Yours for success,;: ;4 :- T T. J.-MAX.ONET AND WIFE. Lock Box O, Guide Rock. Nebr.
'."\?DearSlrs:-'i am using NERVAN for general debility and lost energy. As an energy builder they cannot be b«at. I fee! Uke
•25 years ¦ old and : - 1 am 5O.*'-til wouldinot be * without ; them and 1 1 will try and induce others to take them. •- °. A. ; READ.
« tw Wf * W WTWV^r Nervan Tablets tone up. the "whole system: renew life cells in young and oM: permanently restore youth-
r\/. I - 1 /%* I ' 1 ' I • V ful Vigor, Strength and Vitality. Avoid liquid kidney and * rheumatism , medicines that contain alcohol.
1' Y ;¦¦*>' .1 ;/"m M-A M-'M.r^m. Alcohol congests the kidneys with, bloo'l and retards their activity.
: Every $1 box sold with guarantee \}io refund your "money; should : they, fall ; to v do aQ' we ''claim for them. For sale only by
V V UNION DRUjGt^OMl^ANyiSTXyRES:
214 Kearriy St.; Stockton and O'FarreHSts.; Market St.arid^an" Ness Avenue; JUth SL, cor.' Mission: 318
Montgomery Avenue; 400 Sutter St.; Valencia St.. cor. Twenty-third; California and Flllmore Sts. f&M
6 Boxevf or $5^b6« Nervan Tablet Co., Chica^d, Hi.
ADVEBTISE&EE1TTS. : . ,
ELECTROCHEMISTRY FOR
W^?^S^^^^^ ThiS fine Iookin S old gentleman
T. - i*^ij> ' 'fn is Mr - R- B - Cutting of Petaluma,
• **'"* . ¦% CaL His cure by Electro-Chem-
?'l~-'P%ii istry is a wonderful example of j
. «***& ''''% what this new treatment will do '
' 'f% ¦- 'l| n t^ le ser i° us ills which come
j - * ~ \y,]\,~iffi*£\& wi* a g e - Mr. Cutting suffered
' '^W^ 0 ''- - " •?- rheumatism, with stiff and
f£*f% ¦ * w * . P\ *.B| P^^ 1 J' oin ts, with lame back,
y ; \ . r %., %: * } 'fr\ w** 1 irritable bladder, with en-
* *"if *, *. * * Ik - larged prostate, with weak kid-!
*'% '< ' \ .^fla^gaf neys, and he had- no appetite, and
j ' - -W^'X " <Wm^k his food did not agree with him,
¦?HP^"' : - -''*¦'¦ ' ; -^^^^S and now after his cure by Electr °-
|^f^£^i *¦¦ '- > ':' -^^fflB^Qm Chemistry he is well and hearty
j'l^^l^^^fc^W^-^^ recommended the Electro-Chemic |
treatment to many of his friends.
5 XV- k.b. cct:iko, Feuismj, cv. His testimonial. appears below:
':1Y PETALUMA. CaL. Nov. 10. 1903. ««• -jp^ ¦»«. -r. OnMCIII f ATIHU
To %Vhom It May Concern: Vlii USU uUllOULI Al IUW
The i:iectro-Chemic troatment has M* 1 \ H^ j^ AND
curod me. I feel twenty years younger M. m\iLjsLj V DIYCY/'MIM/lTini!
since taking it. It has not only cured A*nM I LAM III 1 1! M 1 1 U II
me. but It has saved the life of one of Old and young who are sick, especially
my friends, to whom I recommended it. those who have suffered greatly and^who
To be cured of a back-breaking pain that have found that the old-line \ medical
had troubled "me for years is enough to treatments do not cure them: Those who
Justify me In recommending Electro- have worn out their stomachs taking
Chemistry. But that is not all it did for strong and poisonous drugs and medi-
mer it cured a severe stomach trouble; clnes without relief are cordially invited
It . cured me of prostatic and bladder to cail for f re * consultation, examination
trouble, which was most weakening"and d advlce ; A J n 8 P ec j al diseases of_mcn,
painful; it cured me of rheumatism. In cSst^^res^r^tlv %<£&
fact, I am sure that every organ In my and permanently. /The Electro-Chemic
body) has been benefited by the treat- X-Ray cures Cancers, Tumors, Eczema,
ment. My wife says she can hardly cook ol d Ulcers and all specific Blood and
enough to satisfy my appetite, and the Skin Diseases. Rheumatism, Neuralaria.
best part of It is that evcrVthlng tastes 7 *! 11 K and Tt °° om ° t °r Ataxla -are
good and everything agrTes pfrfectly
with my stomach. Surely there is no by Electro-chemistry xaoi*
treatment In the world like Electro- Irregularities, painful periods, weak
Chemistry for old people, and I know a back, nervousness and all female comDll-
number of young people who were serl- cations are quickly cured.
ously sick and wbo are getting rapidly Catarrn, Deafness, Klntfn* K«ad and
well under the treatment. I recommend Ear Noises, Consuint»tion Asttim«T ; iii.7ri
Electro-Chemistry to my friends, and I chltlf and all^lSes^ t th^ Tstomach;
l'lf eb L, reCOmiaend ll tO aI1 8ufferers - Wver, Kldnay. and Bowels" are benefited
<SiSn^B. CUTTING. Petaluma, CaL • ffiSdc^tWSSit.*^ "
HOME TREATMENT.
Some of our best cures are accomplished by the Electro-Chemic home
treatment. We advise all our outside patients, when they can > possibly ar-
range to do so, to visit our office for a careful personal examination. When this
Is impossible, write us a short description of symptoms. ' and full instructions
regarding home examination^and treatment will be promptly forwarded ?
DEAFNESS. ELECTRO-CHEMIC
A musician called at our office on I III 0-1 I 8 f §TT SZ
October 5 saying that he would have I IlU I
to give up his position if we could not " • ** ¦ ¦¦ :-
cure 'him. on account of terrible ear f |8 GRANT AVEKU:, COR; POST ST., :
noises and deafness. In four treatments *. . ¦ T ' - 'r* •
be was so much improved that he went * „„ SAN FRANCISCO. '
back to his ; work. If yon have^ear i^&&&&£&t$$£$
noises or if you are deaf, come in -for p. m . Separate apartments for
free examination and demonstration. -- 1 and •'gentlemen.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. : , - -
lll^l^lllppip OF WINTER.
The coiiiirig -of winter, with its v icy winds, damp, foggy weather, and sudden .changes
in temperature, will set the old, rheumatic joints to aching and the muscles to.throbbing and
twitching with such pains as only Rheumatism can inflict. Chronic sufferers need no better
weather signals to warn them of approaching storms than their aching bdhes and muscles.
They know from "experience how the damp, easterly winds and night air increase their
misery and rob them of restful sleep. Rheumatism is always worse in winter. Cold and
dampness are exciting causes ; they affect the circulation, stop perspiration, and the poi-
sonous acids in the blood, no longer able to. escape through the pores, settle upon the
nerves and tender linings of the joints and muscles, causing inflammation and swelling
and such terrible piercing pains that no wonder the . , ..
nerves are shattered, the health undermined; and the _. Columbus Ohio, May 10. 1903.
i- £\ c*. -1 A A A C ~.*>A *A~ lifo. -' 8Lr y ears a S° 1 had a severe attaok of
patient often Crippled and deformed tor me. Inflammatory Rheumatism. I was laid up
Rheumatism begins and develops in the blood ; it * n j"* 11 for six m ? at^?i aad *** doctors i had
,. - , & -.-. . ' -i. .V L -l dld me no good. They changed medioino
IS not a disease that COmeS in a nignt or that Can be every week, but nothing they prescribed
¦rubbed away in a day, but is a constitutional, well- « eel ? 8d to h JP me - FinaUy i left off their
, j , % , ¦,. j j. ii x-l i* • 1 j treatment and began the use of S. S. S. My
grounded DlOOd disorder that all the liniments and knee and elbowjoints were swollen terribly.
plasters ever invented cannot remove. ~ Yet some people ""J » t °" 5l m f ts 7f T9 8 v swoUeI *
'¦¦*-.....<.: i 11 • • •.•• A i j- r and painful that I could not close them when
will go on dallying with external remedies for years, opened, i was so bad that i could not move
leaving the real cause, of the disease untouched, the. Jmw.orfoot._ixi fact, i had one of the sever-
, - , ¦*>..-. . - ¦¦-.?.> * :-%' ¦ j . . .%• 1 est oases of Rheumatism I ever heard of. I
blood . growing weaker and thinner and the joints and was getting discouraged, you may be sure.
muscles more useless with each attack. This formid- T h « n U"*?ZJ*j JtJ?;™^ t s l *fT^ wa f
* , »¦«¦-. ¦-¦¦"¦* r>" * ur< a • i ¦ i doing me good I continued it and to-day I
able disease and Dread Of \V inter IS due to a general am a sound and well man, and have never
/sluggish condition of the system and the presence of n l^^ 9 t th %
.oo 1 , <i . • 1 1. -, T K . swelling and inflammation, purified my blood
unc and Other acid poisons m the blood. It IS an inter- and cured me of this severe case of Inflam-
nal disorder, that can only be cured by internal reme- ma *°/Ti Rhe T u . matism aft8r T 5 ?^*,* 180
- . —^^ ' i -f • i * • i had failed. I have reoommended it to others
dies. The aches and pains are only symptoms which with good results, and I know that it ic a
you may scatter or relieve for a time by liniments or BUX9 ouro for wwnmattem. • __ ¦
other outside applications, but they gather in some 1855 Mt. Vernoa Ave. • 'A •{
other, part of the body, shifting from one set of muscles . ?-j} ¦;'- .
to another, and from joint torjoint, and frequently strike the delicate machinery of the heart
or some other vital spot. Rheumatism is never permanently cured till the blood has been
purified and the sluggish system aroused to better action ; and this is exactly what S. S. S.
does/ It thoroughly cleanses the blood and renovates the system by neutralizing the acids
.'• : :-/','••"•.' , " •-. . - and expelling from the system all acrid matter. S.S.S.
'^^*^% -^^^^± warms, enriches and invigorates the blood, improves the
S wt^^^W-^^^ circulation and builds up and nourishes the weak, diseased
¦\^^" >|^ k : ' \ t^^^^ 'V**"""^- nerves. S.S.'S. acts also as a tonic, and as the general
k^'^'Im^ i^^** 1^^ healths improves, rheumatic pains, are felt less often and
t^J^ J J J gradually cease altogether. It is the thin, acid blood
that is so easily chilled by the cold and affected by every
ill-wind and change in the weather. Rheumatism and
bad blood are inseparable, you do not have one without the other, and the surest and
quickest way to get rid of Rheumatism is to restore the blood to a normal, healthy state.
S. S. S.^is composed of both y purifying and tonic properties, just what is required in every
case of Rheumatism. It contains no Potash, Alkali or other mineral ingredient, but is
guaranteed entirely vegetable. 0£ :
If you have^Rheumatism in any form, write us -fully about it, and our physicians will
advise you without cost, and we will mail to your address our special book on Rheumatism,
containing helpful information to everyone suffering from this painful complaint.
; THE SWIFT SPECIFIC COMPANY, ATLANTA, GA.
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.The Merchants' Association yesterday
requested the Board of Supervisors that
If it decides to let a new franchise for a
street railway on Geary street, or award
a long-term lease for the same, that one
of the conditions be that only" grooved
girder rails shall be nsed and that the
motive power shall be the underground
conduit electric system, storage batteries
or compressed air, and that in no event
shall trolley poles or overhead wires be
used east of Central avenue.
Wants Grooved Girder Bails.
A discussion on "How to Harmonize
Capital and Labor" will be held at tne
First Congregational Church under th«
auspices of the Men's Club of the church.
It will take place- on Tuesday evening: in
the parlors of the church at Post and
Mason streets. George Rentier, president
of the Draymen's Association, and Pat
rick Sullivan, a member of the Carpen
ters' Union, will represent the sides of
capital and labor. The meeting is open
to men.
Labor and Capital Discussion.
•' Rev. v Francis "ftl.' Harvey, ; professor, at
St. Patrick's Seminary, Menlo Park, vrtll
lecture on J'Tbe 'Merchant 'of .Venice"
Wednesday evening, November 26, at the
AJhambra Theater. 'The lecture is for the
benefit of ; • St. Joseph's > Home for \ Deaf
Mutes* 'The admission ;will be 60 .cents,
and tickets may be had at' room 87, Flood
building.'
To Lecture to '.. Deaf Mutes.
¦: Captain ' Shell says that . In accordance
¦with' the rulings of the law he can see no
way out but to send the three men back
to their native land..
.They have engaged. the services of At
torney Alfred and intend making a vigor
ous fight to be allowed to land.
- Captain Shell, acting Commissioner of
Immigration, states that their cases are
practically, the same as the case of Ken
neth Harper, who came here under simi
lar circumstances under contract to work
for the Bank of British j North America.
His case was appealed to Washington, but
be'. was not successful in getting the relief
granted, and he- will be deported back to
New South Wales on the steamer sailing
on next Thursday.
'. Mansucta Penvacchl, the third member
of the trio, Is an Italian and 13 unable to
converse In the English language or to
.understand . it, and no interpreter being
present no information could be elicited
from him. The passengers detained with
him j offered the information that he was
a marble-cutter by trade.
"I came to this country with the inten
tion of seeking a position as manipulator
of a diamond drill, for which I expected
to receive $1 per day. I was bound for
Colorado, where a brother-in-law of mine
lives. On arriving at this port I had
about $50 In my possession. I had made
wo agreement to work for. any one, but
came with the Intention of securing work
at my trade, which I understood was not
difficult to do. On being questioned- by
the Immigration Commissioner I Informed
him of all • these facts, and gave him in
no way to understand that I came,under
an agreement or contract to work. for
any one." » r
"My reason for coming to this country
was to secure work as a laborer, and I
intended to go to Nevada, where a broth
er of mine lives, who assured me in a let
ter that if I should come I would . not
have . any difficulty in securing employ
ment. I have about $70 In addition to the.
amount I paid for passage. I Informed
the Immigration Commissioner of these
facts and showed him the letter from my
brother,- but did not tell him that I was
under contract, but simply that I intended
to go to Nevada and work for my broth
er, at what or for what wages I did hot
know. -There was nothing in the letter to
suggest that I was under contract."
W. G. Stephens, another of the trio,
says:
William Clarke, W. G. Stephens and M.
Penvacchl a-re clamoring to be allowed to
land fiotri the steamer Sonoma, The Im
migration Commission, however, claims
that the three men in" question are* con
tract laborers and that they. must be de
ported batik to the respective places from
which they came*. The men in question
deny that they came here under any con
tract, and are indignant that they are be
ing held up.
The Sonoma arrived here from the Anti
podes on the 9th inst., and these particu
lar passengers allege that they were ap
proached by ofilcers of the Immigration
Commission and asked to sign a docu
ment, which they did, without under
standing the import of its contents. It ap
pears from their statements that the doc
ument stipulated that they were contract
laborers, but that this fact was not made
clear to them at the time they annexed
their signatures to it- .. -
William. Clarke, one of the men held
up, says: • .
Claim They Are Not Contract
Laborers and Want
' to Land.
Three Passengers Are
Held on Sonoma to
Be Deported.
ALIENS CLAMOR
TO GET ASHORE
The companies of the League of the
Cro33 Cadets have been Instructed to re
cruit their raembecshlp to" the full • num
ber, as the organization will be divided
Into two regiments In a few months. Com
pany > C, whose members come ' from the
parishes of *" St. i Joseph and St. Patrick,
intend to have 100 members. .In order to
raise* * funds for additional uniforms an
entertainment will be given on Thursday
¦eveningr >in Native Sons' : Hall, Mason
street. William J. Hynes and the very
best amateur- talent -of the will
help the boys. " Mr. 7 Hynes ; has some new
specialties, consisting^ incidents from
his election experiences. ' Dancing. will fol
low -the entertainment >Tickets of- admis
sion may. be had. at the box office, .,
Orders for. League of Cross.
"As a rule men who can get good beer
or wine at a canteen will not leave the
reservation for the . purpose & of getting
stronger beverages. A properly conducted
canteen or post exchange, where the sol
dier may play a game of cards with his
comrades, drink a glass or two of beer
or wine, smoke a cigar and tell a story,
is a good thing for the army, and it does
not lead to intemperance."
San Francisco is one of the most im
portant military stations of the United
States and the city Is the home of a large
number of prominent officers on the re
tired list. The army men are reading the
news from Washington with the keenest
interest and the army .women are i on the
alert.', to ascertain what took' place at a
recent court-martial , at the Presidio. It
is the general talk that the promotions:
of Funston and Bell are all right. . It
is claimed, however, that the rule. or prio-!
ci pie should be established that an of
ficer who has' never commanded a. regi
ment fn' the 'field 'should not be commis
sioned as a brigadier general.'
Bliss, Barry, Grant and Carter are
spoken of as worthy men,. but it Is main
tained that they,; have . not rendered ser
vice in the field that justifies their pro
motion over the heads of many other of
ficers. .
"Deserters have increased since tha
canteen was abolished. A mistake was
made by the Government in yielding to
pressure of the temperance people on this
point. 'I do not mean to say. that the
abolition of the canteen accounts for all
the desertions, but while its privileges
were extended to the enlisted men at the
army posts throughout the country the
desertions were not greater per annum
than thirty-six out of 1000. Now 100 men
in 1000 annually desert.' No effort seems
to be made to bring back deserters. Tha
theory that high wages paid to civilians
in. many lines of industrial employment
causes men to desert Is not the correct
Idea, The men simply get weary of
the routine of military duty in gar
rison or elsewhere and leave the ser
vice. ' The canteen, properly con-'
ducted, tends ..to keep the. men in
camp. It ; relieves the monotony.. of mili
tary life. A grievous mistake was made
when it was abolished and It should be
re-established for the benefit, df the army.
Liquors such as whisky, rum, brandy, gin
and absinthe were not sold to the men.
Wines and beer were the bnly intoxicat
ing beverages on sale. The canteen sys
tem is in operation at the National and
State, homes for disabled volunteers. , I
understand that there is only one home
in the United States where "the vending
of whisky at the canteen is permitted. I
stood for one hour in the canteen at Day
ton, Ohio, and saw how it was conducted.
No whisky Js sold there. Veterans can
get beer or wine. in limited quantities. The
sergeants on duty keep a closo watch on
the men and when they observe a tenden
cy on the part of a veteran . to imbibe
loo freely the sergeant steps up and says:
'Fresh air .will do you more good than
another drink. Come, old man, take a
walk.'.'^-,^ . . : ¦. .
The large number ¦ of desertions from
the army, as shown by the last report of
the adjutant general, causes quite a deal
of comment In army circles. According
to the synopsis of the report recently
wired from Washington, 5000 men desert
ed during the last year— or 10 per cent of
the entire force of enlisted men.
A well-known army officer, retired, in
speaking yesterday of the large percent
age of desertions, made these remarks:
Pacts Disclosed by Recent
Report of Adjutant
General.
Marked Increase Since
Army Canteen Was
Abolished.
LARGE NUMBER
OF DESERTIONS
Gutllett'B Thanksgiving extra mince pies, ice
cream and cake. 905 Larkln at.; tel; East 188.*
The committee has sent an invitation
to each member to attend this reception.
There Is to be a literary programme with
some musical numbers. The guest of the
evening will deliver an address on Wood
craft and talk of the camplgn that has
been inaugurated in this city for the pur
pose of increasing the membership of the
Pacific Jurisdiction from 90,000 to 100,000
during a period of ninety days. ¦*
The head consul will remain in ' this
State for several months and will pre
side at a number of open meetings to be
held and will be 'in charge of the;pres
ent campaign. Large, movements to at
tain that end have been started In vari
ous parts of , the State, as well "as 'In 'the
other eight States, of j tho , jurisdictlbn-*-
Nevada, Montana, ¦ Wyoming; Idaho/Utah,
Washington, Oregon and Colorado. .* In
California the head consul will be'assist
ed by Thomas M. Robinson of Oakland,
D. Oliver Jr. of San Francisco, John H.
Foley of Los Angeles, George R. Andrews
of i Fresno : and H. * O. ; Tubbs l of " Sacra
mento. -- . ¦ •'¦ - V- .,: '¦¦ ¦ .
•F. A. :.Falkenburg, head consul of the
Woodmen .of the World, a resident of
Denver, who has been in this State' for
a few days with his wife for the benefit
of her health, will bo tendered a grand
reception by the local camps of the order
at the Alhambra Theater on the evening
of Tuesday next. This is to be for mem
bers of the 5 order only. The affair will
be under the direction of a committee
composed of five' members from each of
the fifteen local camps, of which C. F.
Davis of Richmond Camp is chairman,
Lawrence Vincent of California Camp
vice chairman, A. G. Frank of .Mission
Camp secretary and C. F. Arnheim, treas
urer.
He Will Be Greeted at the Alhambra
• Theater by Local Camps of the
Woodmen.
HEAD CONSUL FALKENBTTRG
TO BE TENDERED RECEPTION
Mrs. Thomas Kirkpatrick was hostess
at one of the most delightful card parties
of the season Thursday afternoon.
Euchre was the game played and there
were five tables. The house was artistic
ally decorated with roses, chrysanthe
mums and autumn foliage and the bright
ly lighted rooms were a comforting con
trast to the gloomy, drizzling weather.
There were handsome prizes for the for
tunate winners and after - they were
awarded luncheon was served in the spa
clous dining-room. Covers were laid for
twenty-two. The pink color scheme was
carried out in hanging baskets of carna
tions and roses gracefully entwined with
maidenhair and asparagus fern. The
guests were: Mrs. George Clark, Mrs. G.
Dow, Mrs. J. A. Doyle. Miss Doyle, Mrs.
C. Evans, Mrs. J. K. Firth, Mrs. C. Hell
wig. Mrs. B. Kron, Mrs. L.. T. Jones, Mrs.
F. M. Munger, Mrs. C. Goodall, Mrs. C.
Gerrish, Mrs. T. O'Brien, Mrs. A. Sea
inan, Mrs. Stadtmuller. Mrs. B. Lutz,
Mrs. S. Hendy, Mrs. Morffew, Mrs. J.
Spalding, Mrs. D. Walper, Mrs. McCul
loch, Mrs. F. Yates. .
The annual exhibition of the California
.Keramic Club and the visiting, exhibit of
the National League - of .Mineral 1 , Painters
will be held in . the ; marble and { maple
rooms of the Palace Hotel on Tuesday,
December 1. from 1 to- 10 p.m.,- and on
Wednesday, December 2, from ¥ 10 a. m.
to 10 p. m. A musical programme will be
rendered each evening. Those interested
in art are Invited to attend. ; r.
Mrs. Frank • Sumner j entertained a
pleasant party of friends at cards yester
day afternoon. Attractive prizes were of
fered and the time was pleasantly spent
The ladies of the board of directors of
the Infant Shelter will hold an informal
reception at the new shelter, Columbia
square, near Sixth and Folsom streets, on
Saturday evening, November 2L . .- •
A pretty home wedding Thursday was
that of Mrs. Delia Beebe and D. Frank
Webster at the home of the bride's sister,
Mrs. Walter Douglas. 1157 Stanyan street.
The house was prettily decorated, pink
and green being the color scheme. The
ceremony was performed by Rev. David
James of San Rafael, an Intimate friend
of the groom's family. The bride was
handsomely gowned In a champagne crepe
de chine and carried a bouquet of Brides
maid roses. After a short trip Mr. and
Mrs. Webster will return and make their
home in thl3 city.
There was a quiet wedding last evening
at the residence of Attorney J. J. Hurt on
Shrader street. The bride was the daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. Burt and the groom
was George L. Stevenson of Sacramento.
Dr. I. L. Sanford performed the cere
mony. Owing to a recent death in the
family of the bride the wedding was'pri
vate, only relatives being present. There
were no attendants. Mr. and Mrs. Stev
enson have gone East for their honeymoon
and will return about January 1, when
they will reside In Sacramento, where the
groom holds a responsible position as su
perintendent of the Railroad Hospital.
CUPID FINDS
TRIUMPHS IN
SOCIAL WORLD
Chrysanthemum Party.
Next Wednesday evening Minerva Par
lor of the Native Daughters of the Golden
West will give a chrysanthemum party
In Union Square Hall, and the committtee
in charge will award a prize to the lady
and one to the gentleman who shall wear
the largest chrysanthemum.
Sequoia Parlor, Native Sons of the
Golden West, has completed arrangements
for the grand ball to be given In Native
Sons' Hall next Tuesday night. All the
members of the parlor have been work
ing bard to make tbia a great success,
and they believe that their efforts have
not been in vain. The hall will be dec
orated In artistic style, and excellent mu
sic has been engaged. The affair will be
under the direction of Captain John H.
Dumbrell. William Llppert, David Gib
bine, J. 8. Young and George S. Stock
wi tz.
Sequoia Parlor's Ball.
The Justices of the Supreme Court
who have been holding the regular No
vember session in . Sacramento returned
to Ban Francisco yesterday morning.
Supreme Justices Return.
Notwithstanding that the evidence
showed that the policeman on hand acted
hastily In firing his revolver, he was dis
charged.
Mrs. Kavanagh alleges that her hus
band has been a policeman for the last
cloven years and that he has a bank ac
count of ilOOO. She says that he also re
ceives in addition to his salary as an of
ficf-r an income of $23 a month from realty
owned by him. It is also alleged that he
owns an interest In a bowling alley at
Washington and Kearny streets.
Kavanagh, who is knovvn as the Adonis
of the Police Department, about ten years
ago phot and killed a striker at Fulton
and Webster streets. At tnat time the
men employed In the different breweries
of the city had" formed a union, and as
the wages were not satisfactory to them
they decided to go on a strike. Kavanagh,
whose beat was on Webster street, a few
days after the commencement of the
strike, saw two men. who afterward
turned out to be strikers approach a resi
dence in the "vicinity of the National
Brewery, and suspecting, as he claimed,
that they were burglars he opened flre
on them, after ' they had failed to heed
his command to halt. One of the men was.
instantly killed, but the other managed
to escape. The friends of the dead man
at once instigated an investigation with
the result that Kavanagh was arrested
and charged with murder. It developed
at the preliminary examination of the ac
cuseo policeman that the two strikers
had approached the residence intending to
i slip a circular under the door asking the
occupants not to purchase beer from the
breweries which w"ere under the ban,
when Kavanagh, thinking they were
burglars, as he claimed, fired tho fatal
shot.
Charlotte M. Kavanagh, wife- of Police
man James M. Kavanagh, Sled a suit for
maintenance against him yesterday, al
leging that from the time she became bis
wife last September up % to the 9th "of
November, when she left him, he failed
to provide her with the common neces
saries of life. She alleges further that
she was compelled to ask money from her
friends with which to purchase " food and
that she was compelled to borrow bed
clothes from her parents.
the young men arrested on Friday night
oa suspicion of holding up C. 1L Forrest,
conductor, and E. M. Emlet, gripman, of
a Hayes-street car at the terminal on
Plat: van street.
They discovered that they had been
rooming at TSS'/j Market street, and on
examining their room they found false
mustaches and letters sent to Ernest
Good by a girl signing herself "lone,"
Irons- Phoenix, Or. In one of the letters
the girl wajits to know where he was
getting aJJ the money, and asks ff he had
been robbing a bank, lie had apparently
asked her to coir.e here and join him, as
she wrote that as she was only 16 years
of age they would require the consent of
her parents before they could get mar
ried, but she would come and be known
as his sister. One of the letters was ad
dressed to ECS Broadway, Oakland, and
she wrote that his aunt had told her he
was •worklns there.
Both prisoners declared that they did
not leave the lodgir.g-house on Market
street on Friday nizht till 7:30 o'clock, but
the landlord told Dinan and Wren that
he saw them leave an hour earlier. They
also told, the detectives that they left Ore
gon three weeks ago and for a short time
Ernest had been employed in opening
oysters at E36 Broadway, Oakland. They
say that they are cousins.
The police cay they are satisfied that
the two t>r1i5oher« are ihe men who com
muted the hold-up, but s.re afraid, owing
to the failure cf the conductor and grip
man to identify them, that they will not
be «.ble to fasten the crime upon them.
Detectives Dinan and Wren have been
busily engaged In Investigating the past
records of Lester Good and E. L. Good,
Police Discover That They
Come From Phoenix,
Oregon.
Accused Once Tried for
Killing a Striking
Breweryman.
Men Suspected of Car
Hold-Up Deny Their
Quilt.
Policeman's Wife Says
He Refused to Buy
Her Pood.
SEEK EVIDENCE
AGAINST GOODS
NOTORIETY AGAIN
FINDS KAVANAGH
THE SAN FRANCISCfc OAI^U SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1903.
29
~ ¦ .."¦.¦:¦¦'.;' ' ' ." .' " ADVEBTISEMENTS. ; V,. ¦'.' /' : ; .; ;; ; . ' J .•. .. .'.; W^"^ Ksis^iV
Sfl^Si Don't Wait Until Your Sufferings Have Driven You to Despair, With Your Nerves All Kp^^
When a cheerful, brave, light-hearted woman is suddenly plunged into that perfection of misery, the BLUES, it is a sad picture. It is ,. Wh$j* \ MT^^^ii^M^^- \X %> **%i0&. (^&^wl^
USU «^ hfls^been feeline a ont of sorts "for some time; head has ached, and back also; has slept poorly, been quite nervous, and nearly E\ ' sfM __ £Mf&£\\ %k *-^fT.- ,- R^^l©!^
jfetoted o^ OTt^TSead dizzy, and heart beats very list; then that bcarin--down feeling. Her doctor says: "Cheer up; you have gpS, /•' /N.^^^Mgi^Xv '\
! d^ a f^ y d^eTS)t > ge a t 1 ""S riJS"* She gro^s worse day by day, till all at once she. realizes that a distressing female complaint is estab- 1 L^g^W^'^lu^f e^OlPk
Wtt&M&SSS' hiwflnst faith nihim: hope Tanishes: then comes the brooding, morbid, melancholly, everlasting BLUES. H ~^^^^^&Ml&mb^^s^ ' &$£&$S$skL.
%^3&Mm\ SdiT E Ptakham's Vegetaolo Compound instantly asserta its curative powers in all those pecmiar ailments of women,_ and the K ...;¦ ¥W* - M^M^&Egm'
®H^^^§i! Btory^Sed above is the true experience of hundreds of American women, whose letters of gratitude we aro constantly publishing. ,. .. | .• . JLi^^^V- %f 'I^Jst^^Ws
Snrcly you cannot -wish to remain -weak and sick and discouraged, exhausted with each day's work. If you have some | - .,„, ' ' [^f^^^S^^L 'j/^^^^^^^^^
I^I^^Sk!'?': « t r-^^rfnnx Teoommend Lvdia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com- ?• I want to tell you what your remedies have done for me. Eef ore Wtm wk
W8HSk*l& S 5 «oidtowsS?S«?«- a perfect medicine for%li female de- taking them I used to have a continuous headache, would be ; y«t dizzy, ____|l ,_ I J^^^^^m^M^^^&^S
1 ;! I ot tronblod with displacement of the womb and other would have spells when everythmg seemed strange, and I would not know.
Si^^al I i§i53<!!V ¦f*^-iaJ« 'weakness. Had headache, backache, and such bearing-down pains where I was. '"',..'. i-r »• . «.' "i n 11 j A •J«rrx>>^- ri^ f ~» -¦» —— 1 * 1 *^- "- h** T *- t »«"^ A '— - •=¦ "^ — ¦- "*kr« ,¦*¦*¦ *-&*
t&fS^W^ &£$&*& V^^a v_£iZ!l.Tir ./^rv>co fhn flaor and was verv nervcras. " I went to our local doctor. He gave me some medicine, but It did not ; - ; „ ¦ . . ; Jl ..»i;.
B&IBmfe ytS'medlSni. wMchTS^and after using seem to do me any good, but after taking Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege- FEEE3IEDICAL ADVICE TO WOMEN,
ililitiiiiirt the first bottle I began to improve. I took in all twehe bottles of Vega- table Compound, I began to improve at once. . ¦ If ther0 ig anythin g in your c^^ about , vbich you wou]d lik
table Compound, one box of Liver Pills, also nsed the Sanative Wash and "I can honestly recommend your .remedies to all Buffering women, and special advice , w^ite freely to Mrs. Prnkham. She wiU hold your
US l^^^^ wM«rredflQd have no return of my troubles. I am as well now as I ever advise all to give it a trial. —Mm. Henby Sell, Van Wyck, Wash. , etter in strict confidence. She can surely help you, for no person
»lfisHn« -wua. I «n more thankful every day fox my cure. ¦ ->_ g p, T if „,..,¦¦„> f nr *h-mit>y T,™A»n+ t^«nrigi ng i i«tt«.mnnd I * n America can speak from a wider experience in treating leaiale
VmB&B&*i% that your modicine will do everything that it is recommended OCnfin sTgaifrSoT.^etStoo'ntaKw^i^r^ft^^ I ills. She has helped hundreds of thousands of women bade to
to do far Buffering: women." — Mes. DoaA. Aitdebson, itorta Muskegon, Q jUUU oineness. Lydta k. Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn, M»gg. I health. Her address is Lynn, Mass^ and her advice in free* Ton
pg|^j|^||iS W Lflchiffia. «¦' . are very foojish if you do not accept her kind invitation.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
/,; THANKSOiyiN"G- OF THE '
PLTJMBEB '"AND \
THE BUEGLAB.
BY OCTAVE THANET.
Strangest Story -You Ever Heard
:• •¦.-- •„ ; of; in the '
ADVEBTZSEMEHTS. " . / .
Your Money Back if Not as Represented.
: > "~ ~^itai This machine is not a toy, but a
same records as are used on $100
-g^g£p|ffj(ffl|p^MM5@S*«Pp*' T^^ we will send you this machine, with
t^tti<2$\ I 4 °* lhc bcst c >' lindcr records made,
Js0 il $**wii& I transportation 'charges prepaid, for
JgafcjSfejj'Cgi^ I $500. Cut out this coupon and mail
'il*n«J&f^ \ - to us w ' 1^ money- order for the
g|*4£v# f gSgwmgp.i.jJM.j'j jwp*--^L above amount and goods will be
ffipyd&^f*^^-^— 1~»- "^^1 forwarded at once. A fine Christ-.
•' . mas present; take advantage of the
— 7- ' ¦ — : • opportunity offered. 4
COLUMBIA PHONOGRAPH CO., ~
125 GEAET ST., Son Francisco. .
Inclosed f.nd J3 for which pleas o forward to mo, all charges prepaid, one -
»'of your new talking machines (type A-Q) with four of the new hard molded
' record * advertised by you with the understanding that you will refund the
i money if I am not satisfied, and return the eooda to you in five days, or
.will inke them in ixchangre, allowing me $5 on account of any other machine ;
¦ it return^ inside «jf thirty daya from date. ¦ f •
¦ .:... — .......:..:^:... 19C3. ' . . .\V
., We except thia order on above ccndltions. •-
, ._ , ../..« .."..¦. 4 .-. ,.-,-. » • - / - . C0I.UM5JIA FXQKOaSAPX CO. ; ,
ADVEBTISE2CENTS.
This Interests iiilp il
von nprfiiisp it w I
saves you money. . ..
The public has been erroneously led to believe that
¦i all. fur articles are much higher in price than hereto-
-fore. We would therefore like to set our .patrons right and - :
give them the facts — that most furs are really cheaper than
they have been and that this accounts for the city being . -
flooded with a. lot of Eastern-made cheap stuff, which is
being offered at a really higher price than its true value.
We have inaugurated a special department for popular
fur neckwear such as is being used this season, and will
guarantee that our prices are lower for firs^-dass articles, .-
which we offer, than inferior goods are now being sold for. :
As all goods are of our own manufacture, we are able
to guarantee , every article we sell as to quality and price. : .
Each garment bears our own name and trademark, with K"
the selling price marked in plain figures. • ,|v
' FOUR-IN-HAND 3CARF,- in mink, as illustrated, for wi
$15.00, or in Siberian squirrel for $17.50. These Bcarfs
are also made in all other popular furs. BBB ;
SABLE FOX SCARF, as illustrated,' $6.00. Similar to il- >
¦ lustration, extra quality, $8.00.
SABLE FOX SCARF, extra long, $10.50. Extra quality,' HP
$ I2 -5O- - • : .
; ',.- ASTRAKAN JACKET, as illustrated, a ver>' stylish gar- :£
ment of excellent quality, made of full skins (no piecing)
' and lined \yith best quality "of brocaded satin, $60.00.
USABLE- OPOSSUM RUSSIAN SCARF," as illustrated,
( also made in Isabella' color, $17.50.
H. LIEBES & CO., Inc.
The largest exclusive Fur House in the world. ;
137 Post St., San FranciscoWASHINGTON, Nov. 14.— The following
Californlans registered . here to-day; At
the New Wllkrd-R J. Tyson '. wife, and
child. San Francisco; at the Ebbitt—Mor
ris Marcus, San Francisco;, at -the: Ar
lington— W. B. Preadnelt * and wife." Mrs.
M.' P. "Jones, Mrs. • H. M. ' Miller and Mrs.'
W. J. James, San Francisco.
Calif oraians in Washington.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK. Nov. 14.— The , following
Californlans are registered here From
San Francisco— Dr. Hurt and wife and
Albert W. ; Burgess, at the Victor* H
Lev! and wife, at the Savoy. From Los
Angeles— Miss Hooker rand Mrs." J D
Hooker, at the Westminster; A. C. Ken
nedy and wife, at the New Amsterdam.
rxiuctd r«tp» on household roods to & from
a« Ea*t & South. Bekin't. 11 Montgomery. •
Brutally Beats His Wife.
George Bedella, a Chilean, was. arrested
yesterday afternoon by Policeman McNa
mara and booked at the City Prison on
a charge of assault with intent to do
grievous bodily harm. He and his wife,
who live at a lodging-house at Stockton
street and Broadway, have been drinking
for some days, and yesterday afternoon
it Is alleged, he knocked her down and
kicked. her repeatedly. She was Bent to
the Central Emergency Hospital where
Dr. Meyer found that she was suffering
from contusions on the lower limbs and
on her face.
Frank Ii. Mussio. is extremely . tired of
matrimony as he finds It with Mamie
MuseIo. In a complaint for divorce filed
by him yesterday he says that she has
treated him cruelly ever since she be
came his wife In July, 1900.' He saya that
Bhe has frequently told him that she
cared more for the society of other men
than for his own; that she would not pre
pare his meals, and that once she threw
a clock at him. He says also that a few
weeks ago she threw all his clothes out
of a window at their home.
Refugio A. de la Fuinte wants a divorce
from Jose Fuinte on the ground of cruel
ty. She says that he once attempted to
take her life with a dagger | and on an
other occasion gave her a cruel beating.
They were married in Mexico in 1896.
Judge Hebbard granted Blanchi Kroh
a divorce from George JKroh on the
ground of intemperance. '. _
Frank Mussio Says Spouse Displays
Dislike by Throwing Things
at Him.
CLAIMS HIS WIFE HAS
NO AFFECTION FOR HIM
If He Maintains Lead in Official
Count He Will Be Adjudged
' \p5. Elected Supervisor.
The Election Commission completed the
Thirty-ninth District in the official can
vass yesterday, with the result that
Hocks now leads Loughery by five votes
in the struggle for the eighteenth Super
visorshlp. Hocks was two ahead in the
morning, and Loughery dropped from six
ty-nine to sixty-six In the Sixth Precinct
of the Thirty-ninth District, making an
additional gain of three for Hocks. The
count will be resumed to-morrow morn
ing, when the districts from the Fortieth
to the Forty-flfth will be canvassed.
Should Hocks maintain his' lead he' wili
be adjudged elected Supervisor.
HOCKS LEADS LOUOHERT
BY MARGIN* OP FIVE VOTES
This afternoon at 3 o'clock Rev. W. H.
Williams, the drummer evangelist, who
has for the last two weeks been holding
a special rnission at the Young Men's
Christian Association, will give his con
cluding address to men only. Ills sub
ject will be "The Last Romp With the
Tiger." Mr. Williams will relate his per
sonal experience.
The usual monthly musical service at
St. Dominic's Church will be held on
Sunday evening, November 15, when the
following programme of sacred music will
be rendered: Organ prelude, cantilena in
A (Grison); at benediction — offertory.
"Ave Maria" (Arcadelt); "O Salutaris"
(Liszt); "Tantum Ergo" (Vlvet); after
benediction— "Jubilate Deo," in C (Stew
art); boIo, "Jerusalem" (St. Paul), (Men
delssohn), Mrs. Jenkins; boIo, "Like as
a Father'* (Ruth), (Cowen), Miss Ella
V. McCloskey; solo and chorus, "The
Night Ih Calm" (Sullivan), Miss Camille
Frank; solo, "Be Thou Faithful," J. F.
Voaca; solo, "Ave Maria" (Gounod), Miss
Helen Pettigrew; solo, "These Are They"
("Holy City"), (Gaul), Miss Florence
Darby: solo, Pain's "Angellcus" (Ceasar
Franck), T. G. Elliott; chorus. "Hoiy
Holy" (Stewart); organ postlude. march
In D (Schubert). Dr. H. J. Stewart, or
ganist and director of the choir. '
Services at the churches this day are
as follows: First Church of Christ, Sci
entist, morning, "Soul and Body"; pas
tor, the Bible and science and health with
key to the scriptures.
First Congregational, morning, . "The
Second Coming of Christ"; evening, "God
Is Love." Pastor, George C. Adams.
Third Congregational, morning, preach
ing by the pastor; evening, same. Pas
tor, Rev. William Rader.
First English Lutheran, morning, "Ra
tionalism"; evening, "A Citizen of* the
World." Pastor, Rev. E. Nclander.
The Bermon at the 10i30 o'clock mass
this morning will be preached by Rev.
Father Riordan; in the evening Rev..
Father Butler will deliver tho discourse.
Fine Programme Arranged for This
Evening Under the Leadership .
of Dr. H. J. Stewart.
ST. DOMINIC'S TO HOLD
SACRED MUSIC SERVICE
AskL.'&ai. Alexander, 110,Montgom
ery street, , about the "L. C. " Smith," • a
new visible typewriter, before buying
any. writing, machine now on the mar
ket. •.
A New Typewriter.
Drama and charity went' hand In hand
last night when "Dream Faces" was pro
duced at Lyric Hall for the benefit of the
Episcopal Old Ladies' Home. Preceding
the production were a series of beautiful
living pictures posed by well-known the
atrical models indicating "Vlttoria Co
lonna," "Lisense," "La Poesie Antique,"
"Laura." "Violetta," "Clemence Isaure"
and ¦ "Venltenne." .
. The living pictures were exceedingly
good In their way, but the crowded house
wanted the play, and when It came on the
house was appreciative and acplauseful.
The play was a time-honored production
Of T[V"ynn Sillier, brimful of dramatic sug
gestions and with a climax that a modern
playwright might- strive for years .to ob
tain. The characters were few, In fact
only four people took part Miss. Gibbs
appeared • long j enough on - the . stage .to
.make her audience wish that she might
come asrain. but .she never did.. .• j
: Perhaps the honors of the evening were
due to Mrs. McWUliams, j who took the
part of Margaret, an aunt who Is iritense T
ly Interested in the marriage of her nlecei
Lucy, which part was taken by Mrs. J.
"Wilson Shlels.- Robert C.-Altken, the
sculptor, played with astonishing success
the ardent .wooer, -portraying; It. with the
grace of an artist and the, understanding
of an acton The" proposal scene between
Mrs. Shlels and himself was one of the
most delicately, worked stage schemes
that has'ever beep., seen and' the onlooker
was In doubt whether the. situation was
created by the- actors^-ar the playwright.
Altken developed surprising talent and
has repressive action down to a fine point,
-.airs., Shlels . did . splendidly until -the
scene came when she had to call Dr."
Langely her father and give her. memory
of a handsome -soldier. Then she gave
way and. laughed. a little, but. quickly re
covered herself j and thereafter bore out
the* part In excellent style. The audience
laughed with her and became sober again
when she resumed her character.
' Dr. 'Porter' made a' capital blase En
glishman with •- a ¦ penchant for getting,
money wrongfully even at the pries of
Creely says the Veterinary Association
will prosecute Clark to the end and en
deavor to secure a conviction. He adds
that Clark must be either mentally un
balanced or under the influence of Gra
ham, otherwise he never would have per*,
sisted in his endeavors. to se.cute the'cer
tificate ; after, bei,ng .told several . tinif s
that it would.be impossible to issue 'the'
paper after September 13. .._ *
The package which Clark sent by ex
press to Creely has- not yet arrived and<
the doctor states that, he 'cannot
imagine what it is. As it is valued at
$100 Creely thinks it must contain valuj
able merchandise. . .. - .
WILIi- PROSECUTE \ CLARK.
The missive was from Dr. J. Graham,
Clark's partner, and the writer advised
Creely to issue a certificate to ' Clark,
adding that the latter would pay the
sum of $50 for the same. .It went on to
explain what a good chemist and veter
inary Clark was, and wound up with the
Information that any good lawyer in
Fresno would stand by Clark and defend
him no matter, what happened, r .. • j
- As Boon as Creely finished reading the
letter he turned it over to William Ma
gulre, attorney for the association, and
then went before Police Judge Fritz and
swore to a complaint charging Clark
with offering a bribe through the agency
of his partner, Graham.-
Yesterday morning Creely received a
certified check for $26 from Clark, and in
another note to Creely arrived a freight
receipt showing that a package valued at
$100 had also been sent by Clark to the
secretary of the association.
Creely says that lie did not know what
to think of the presents and laid them
aside, for further consideration, when
another letter arrived. This . was . sent
from Dr. Archibald of Alameda, presi
dent of the association, arid when Creely
opsned it he found that it contained a
lejter for him, sent in care of Dr. Archi
bald.
According to Creely, Clark, who is an
old chemist of Fresno, wrote to the as
sociation'about a month ago asking for
a certificate, and adding that he was un
able to be present in this city last Sep
tember when the credentials were award
ed the various legal veterinary, surgeons
throughout tho State.
Creely wrote back to Clark stating
that It was impossible to procure a cer
tificate after September 13 and that he
would have to wait till the following
year. Clark did not seem to take this
answer as final and wrote several other
letters requesting the coveted paper.
RECEIVES A CHECK.
Dr. Edward J. Creely, secretary of the
State Veterinary Medical Association,
swore to a complaint in Police Judge
Frits's court yesterday morning: charg
ing G. F. Clark of Fresno with offering a
bribe. Creely alleges that Clark at
tempted to procure a certificate from the
board by means of money. The offer of
coin was directly made by Dr. J. Gra
ham, Clark's partner, in aletter sent by
the latter to Creely, so the complainant
alleges.
The Right Rev. Bishop Nichols has
called upon all the clergy of his diocese
to join him in retreat to be held the first
week of advent and to continue four days.
From the time the Bishop came into
the jurisdiction it has been customary
to hold an annual meeting of this char
acter and the result has invariably been
to stimulate the clergy in their pastoral
work and to increase and strengthen the
sense of fellowship as well as the spir
itual life of the diocese. The "retreat" of
1903 Is expected to attract a large ma
jority of the clergy and will be' held at
Belvedere, where the hotel will be re
opened for its accommodation.
The services, from which the laity are
excluded, will be in the pretty chapel',
which has just been erected. A commit
tee consisting of Dean William Carson
Shaw of the Church of the Advent, Oak
land; Dr. W. F. Clampett of Trinity, Pro
fessor J. O. Lincoln of Son Mateo, Father
Parrish and Rev. -D. O. Kelley, have had
the arrangements in charge. . One of the
clergy, speaking of retreats, said that
every diocese in" the church held them
some time, or other and that it was an
ancient and general custom. Retreats are
held usually in the solemn season of ad
vent at the beginning of the ecclesias
tical year. The only speaker at Belve
dere will be the Bishop. ~ --¦'••
The holy eucharist will be administered
early in 'the day before repast, after
which the.clergy will meet in the .chapel,,
when the subject will be announced for,
the hour's meditation. The clergy will
then retire" to their. rooms for prayer and
self-examination. Silence will be kept
by all but the Bishop. In the afternoon
another meditation and in the evening
Btill another. This will continue for four
days, when £ parochial work will be re
sumed. Retreats are of spiritual benefit
to the clergy and bring reconsecratlbn
and greater devotion. That of 1903 will
begin Tuesday, December 8. " ¦ "¦ ¦
tation
To Spend Days in Seclusion,
• Silence and Medi-
Prominent Performers Een
der Old-Time Drama in
Splendid Style.
Partner of Latter Writes
Note Tendering Money
for Diploma.
Bishop Nichols Calls
Clergy to Advent
Retreat.
Dr. Creely Charges a
Fresno . Man With
Serious Offense.
Critical Audience Sees
Society Enter Drar
matic. Field.
WILL COMMUTE
IN BELVEDERE
ALLEGES CLARK
OFFERED BRIBE
CHARITABLE FETE
PROVES SUCCESS
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druj|;lflta. COo Cask. : Richard ft Co.. 400 &&£.*
A large crowd of the members of the
Club d<*s Fumistes, a well-known French
organization, gathered at Golden Gate
Hall last night to attend the third annual
ball of the organization. The evening was
pleasantly passed in dancing, and the af
fair, was pronounced to be the most suc
cessful yet held by the club.
French Club's Annual Ball.
Wedding cake boxes, wedding stationery. Ed
ward S. Knowles. 24 Second »t.. Main 608. •
Specially Interesting will be the demon
stration of psychic phenomena presented
by Dr Mclvor-Tyndall at Steinway Hall
to-night. Among &e experiments in
thought . transference there will be the
famous "book test." which caused the
dtath of the American mind-reader Blsh
6d- the bank note experiment and others
of an entertaining character. Some exam.
Dies of psychometry. clairvoyance and the
power of thought will be given, and alto
gether there Is even more than the usual
lively interest In the psychological dem
onstration to be given. The subject of
the lecture by the famous psychic scien
tist will bo "The Elements of Success."
Tyndall Lectures To-Night.
Wednesday, November IS, 9 a. m., ex
ecutive committee meeting: 10 a. m.. open-
Ing of convention, addresses of welcome,
responses and president's address, Mrs.
Mary Simpson Sperry; report of corre
sponding secretary. Miss Carrie A. \Vhe
lan- report of recording secretary. Mrs.
Hattie J. D. Chapman: report of auditors,
Mrs 1 . Mary McHenry Keith and Mrs. An
nie Ij. Corbett; report of treasurer. Miss
Clara M. Schlingheyd'e; announcement of
committees. 2 p. m., greetings from na
tional officers; reports from county socle
ties and local club3. 3 p. m.. work con
ference—distribution of literature; press;
Increase of membership; report of chair
mare of advisory committee on organiza
tion Mrs. Josephine H. Mastlck; discus-,
elon. 8 p. m., solo, "Battle Hymn of the
Republic," Mrs. Arristeene Schultz; read
ing, "An Obstacle," Charlotte Perkins
Gllman; collection: address, "The Moving
Finger Writes," Miss Gall Laughlln of
New York City; music.
Thursday, November 19, 10 a. m., amend
ments to constitution; report of creden
tials committee; election of officers; ex
ecutive session. 2 p. m., the three great
plonesrs— "Lady Lucy." Mrs. Julia S. San
born; "Elizabeth ".Cady Stanton," Mrs.
Mary McHenry Keith; "Susan B. An
thony," Mrs. M. L.. W. Curtis; "Present
Status of Coeducation," Dr. Sarah I.
Shuey: collection; "California Laws »*
They Affect Women," Albert II. Eliot;
question box. Miss Gall Laughlln; execu
tive committee meeting. ..•
The members of the California Woman's
Suffrage Association will gather for their
annual convention at Golden Gate Hall,
on Sutter street, beginning Wednesday.
November IS, and lasting for two days.
Following is the programme of the con
vention:
WOMAN SUFFEAGISTS WILL
MEET IN ANNUAL SESSION
Interesting Programme of Two Days'
Duration Is Arranged for the
Meeting.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. Not. 13.— The Gazett*.
St. Joseph's oldest newspaper, was sold to-dajr
to Louts Gaylord. formerly of Colorado SprtnK*.
and the Kauffman estate, to a company headed
by B. E. MeJimaey. a prominent Republican
politician, whose home Is at Marysvllle. Mo.
The purchase price was . $S5,00O and the new
management will take possession to-morrow.
The paper, now a morning Democratic organ,
will be changed to Republican.
sacrificing: his own flesh and blood. The
entertainment vras \ eminently successful
and the audience, friendly to all the per
formers, was amazed that the actors
could so transport themselves from their
natural lives to Impersonate the charac
ters in so difficult a play.
In the afternoon the performance of a
"Day and Night in a Doll House." adapt
ed from the German, was repeated under
the direction of Miss Jean Logan. The
character parts were taken with the same
fidelity that was exhibited at the opening
performance Friday night, and the per
formance of the children evinced the care
ful' training that was evident on their
first appearance.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOYEMBER 15, 1903.
30
B.F.Stoll. denUflt; HalKbt & Maaonio *t>
[approaching j
HOLIDAYS
!| The season just approach- |
i ing is fully provided for in gj
R this store. Scores of fine f
I Silk Dress Skirts, elegant I]
1 Peau de Soie Shirt Waists, 1
I New Style Jackets and 9
| Tailor-made Costumes in |
I profasiori just arrived. |
I New Tailor Made Suits |
[¦ $25.00, $30.00, $35.00 |
New Silk Dress Skirts |
\ $12.50, $15.00, $17.50 |
[ New Silk Waists |
I $5.00, $6.00 $8.50 I
S New Winter Jackets 1
H $15.00, $20.00, $25.00 I
LI Our garments cannot be g
I surpassed in style or mate- g
|j rial af the price. ||
p. THE lI
I BLACK GOODS HOUSE,
k 11O6 Market St. B
WEEKLY CALL, §1.00 PER YEAB.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
AT MONEY-SAVINC PRICES.
A List of Sterling Attractions for the Week.
Not an offering of undesirable and unsalable goods, but a
list of bargains selected from our new fall stock. Everything is
seasonable and just what you want at this time of the year.
II Freicl iitflelis 9Bc
Three different grades of French Novelty Zibelines offered
at one price. Zibelines are popular this season for winter, cos-
tumes, particularly the three'-quarter jacket effects. Because they
are popular we have selected them for a dress goods special this
week. The lot contains both the long hair and the close crop ef-
fects in solid colorings, two-toned, hair line, fancy leopard fig-
ured and silk knot effects. These goods are all wool, and the
widths are 46, 48 and 52 inches. The list of colorings includes
grays, new blue, raspberry, greens, and black and
white effects. These goods require no lining, and «J K./>
are sold regularly at from $1.25 to $1.75 a yard. J^
Price for this week only
85c BlacK Taffetas 55c.
27-inch Black Taffeta, the kind that is made for this house an ex-
cellent reputation for good quality silk. Price 'for this week ffr^
85c Silk Novelty Crepes 55c.
The width is 24 inches, and they come in beautiful shades of light
preen, rose, skj' blue, mais, turquoise, French gray, tan and S!C^,
black. Price for this week OOC
$20.00 WalKing Suits $1 5.00.
Some are made with blouse jackets, others with straight front and
long coat effect. The material is fancy tweed and the colors green,
brown, gray and black mixtures.. The skirt is cut full and the bottom :
and seams are tailor stitched. Price this week C/C f\f\
$9.00 Dress SKirts $6.75.
We offer three styles of Black Dress Skirts, each style differently
trimmed with bands of Peau de Soie. The ' materials are" £f»>r T'C-
broadcloth, cheviot and granite cloth. Price for this week *pO> I O
$3.50 Flannel Waists $2.25.
All-wool French Flannel Waists, tucks front and back and trimmed
with fancy buttons; new style, full-pouch sleeve. Colors black, .cream,'
cardinal, navy, reseda and light blue. Price for this week q*j j /r
$1.50 Dressing Sacques $1.10.
All-wool Eiderdown Dressing Sacques; collars applique trimmed
and crochet edges all around. Colors light blue, pink, gray q»i jr\
and cardinal. Price for this week %pl»IU
$2.00 Umbrella Shawls $1.45:
All-wool Hand-made Circular-shape Shawls. Made from 'the first
quality Shetland floss, in cream and black. Price for this <£1 AC
week " ~ ? V>*« 4rO
$1.75 Mvfflers $1.15.
Black Silk Mufflers, or Reefers. The price on these goods are very
seldom cut just at the height of the season. We make it a point to
have all our specials in lines that are wanted at the time. This muf-
fler is made of good quality Surah silk, full 24 inches wide, with a 2-
inch hem. It is hand-hemstitched. We stamp them free of ' (*i 1 £
charge. Price for this week '. *P* • 'O
75c StocK Collars 49c.
Silk Stock Collars. New arrivals. These collars are made of Louis-
ine silk, in narrow bands, with fagoting and hemstitching between,
giving them a very dainty open-work effect. They are hard to de-
scribe, but easy to appreciate when seen. All colors, including /n
black and white. Price for this week *r"C
50c Linen Center Pieces 25c. \
• Tinted Linen Duck Center Pieces. A late novelty. They are cir-
cular shape, with holly and cherry designs printed in the border. They
are very easily worked and make excellent Christmas gifts, j g
"»Ve have a sample worked ready to show. Price for this week. .-^•'C
20c Spun Glass Lining lie.
Every lady knows the quality and value of this lining, and a re-
duction of Qc a yard is rather unusual. We can give it to you in all
shades of brown, blue, red, green, tan, gray; also black and #*
white. The width is 36 inches. . Price is 11C
$2.25 Rope Portieres $1.35.
Beautiful Rope Portieres, in solid colors and some very qi jc
artistic color combination^. Price, each, for this week *pl» OO
$5.50 Arabian Curtains $3.90.
Genuine Cable Net Arabian Curtains. Plain centers, heavy corded
borders, geometrical designs. Entirely new effects. Price, qq qs\
per pair, for this week J)iJ» "(/
| EXPEBT OPTICIAN.
Many Fatal *^lSw
Diseases 'flgpr
Show their first fymptoiss In th« eyes. Th»t
fact alone should establish your cenfldencs In
the Importance e! having your eyes carefully
. examined on tho first appearance of discomfort.
ANT SENSATION OF PAIN IS A WARNING.
COLONEI. GEOROE FRENCH.
Commander Paclfla Coast Division Salvation
Army, headquarters. 1139 Market street, highly
recommends Mr. George Mayerlj*. the German
Expert Optician.
COL.. FRENCH highly appreciates the sooth-
Ing and strengthening effect of Georgr* Mayer-
le*9 Glasses, and sends the following testimo-
nial: '
Mr. Mayerle—Dear Sir: Havlns allowed
ampla time to thoroughly test the glasses mad«
by you for myself. I desire to «ay that I have
never been better fitted, and It will be & iwurce
of pleasure for me to recommend your services
as a practical ODticlan whenever any occasion
to do so should arise. Thanking you for your
courtesies and attentions, believe me to be.
truly yours, GEORGE FRENCH. Colonel.
DT TWTWECC Is often Prevented by th«
DLllNUllLjJ timely use of GEOROK
MAYERLJTS GLASSES
AND GERMAN EYEWATER.
CAUTION—The Genuine must bava
glarsatnre of Oeoryo Mayaxle, also tho
trade mark —an Eye with a Crows. .
GEORGE UAYEBLS.
German Ootlcal Institute, Charter Member of
American Association of Opticians.
1071 MASS2ST ST., SAZT FRANCISCO.
Opposite Hlbernla Bank, near Seventh Street.
Telephone South 572.
NOTICE.—When wishing: to get ths
GENUINE Mayerle's Glasses or German
Eyo Water, order them direct from
GEORGE MAYIBLI, San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
• ••••••¦• -
Oriental Goods j
; At Wholesale Prices •
W» Offer Otjx latlro Extr* Via* Col- f
1-ctloa oX f
Oriental Rugs!
AND CURTAINS :
At 25 Per Cent
Discount r^om resmla; retail prices. \
We are sole agent* for
JOHN CROSSLEY t SOJTS
CELEBRATED ENGLISH CARPETS;^
iChas.M.Pinm&Co.|
t Cor. 9th and Market Sts. |
L'.'. >A'..M'.'m.MAMJ»ji»>»«
; ; ADVERTISEMENTS. _
Specials This Week
. . . .-IN OUR
Silk Department
QZg% f OH pIeces 2I " IN CH COLORED PEAU DE
0 Jb 4 L\j SOIE, In all the leading shades, also
tcaxd. i Cream and White.
- •
(I AAfi C pieces 21-INCH BLACK PEAU DE
<£pi.llU ] 1 U SOIE, extra heavn aualitu and high
tabs. [ luster, guaranteed to wear.
<£l f\l\ f 99 Pieces 24-INCH COLORED CREPE DE
tpl.Uy LL CHINE, all pure silk and yeru high
tabd. [ finish, ahout 15 different shales.
T^?O f 1 £\ pleces BLACK PEAU DE SOIE, 21
/ Dip • 10 inches wide, all. pure silk ani high
"* A1U> - I luster.
04*a "\ 9Q Dleces Extra HeavB Quanta black
ODlp - Lu -TAFFETAj -23 Inches wide, guaran-
; XA * D - I teed to wear. *
7i"C-f 1 C Pieces 21-lnch BLACK TAFFETA—
/'tJ.yd { 1 0 a YepuheaYD.Qualltu,
.•¦¦¦¦¦
ftO C J OH Dleces BLACK SWISS TAFFETA, 21
O-Uyd't U inches wide. ,..
r IC\ pieces Metal Print Dottei Velveteens,
7^5 ft— 'i 22 inches wide, In naYu and white,
yabj> hlack and white, hrown and white
' . ' ; I and red and white, extra fine auaiitu.
We havealso recelYed a full assortment of English
Costume Velveteens, '24 to 27 inches- wide, fioth n:ack
and colors. \ PpIgbs 75c to 3i2.po pep uard.
lWTf~V'T^'CZ> Orders by mall receive prompt attention.
1 V-<r 1 JCZy All orders for samples or goods filled
= and shipped same day they are received.
* . „ .— t — - — - - ....
" M, 113; 115, 117; 119, 121 POST STREET,
EXTR AORDIIVARY §A LE I
or LADIES TEA GOWNS
iiii DRESSING 3AC(jtiEr
- -.;,-. . . .-Hundreds of fascinating styles |
. of both imported arid' bur own
• manufacture will be sold at
LESS THAIM ACTUAL COST
They. are all this season's goods — choice, exquisite and ex-
clusive designs not obtainable elsewhere in this city— the most
comprehensive and attractive variety we have ever offered at a
special sale.
There are only a few of each style — that is the reason we
have decided to close them out — but there are a creat many
styles. You must see them in order to fully comprehend their
value. Space will not permit a complete description of each, so
we have arranged them briefly iii lots as follows:
fl.id rashmoro; jS^S/MwIt^sfw^'' V^W French flannel
In^all deslra- if AV'' A " nd cashmer *:
Qel. albatross '«••''! I'-A H •rawR^v n *'* ¦Itatrcws
an.3 silk, lined 7m JK 'I |A v!<Ji«»W*K and elIk: F0m9
with a 1 ba- /«3wiL«**Efa*? JkBStvwSvVv ?" m b roidered,
troas' effec- /ar*»lBafyMiffr*CT^T^iuffKj^x others trimmed
lively trimmed /^^^J^~^SW^^P^v 8 and
¦ % Now «pw»vU M) jfjlf i.^vjjp-—^ Now^livll
i . LOT .5— IMPORTED MODELS of LADIES' DRESS-
ING SACQUES. made of silk crepe, all-over lace, crepe de
chine, < French flannels and crepe de Paris; some accordion-
plaited; handsomely ornamented with laces and ribbons.
Former prices Former prices former prices
$15.00 and £«A $20.00 and (TIC $27.50 to fr/%* rt\
$16.50. Now.. «PlU $25.00. , Now.. <plt) $30. Now. $LLv\t
LOT 6—LADIES' TEA GOWNS, made of cashmere. -India
silk and French flannel: trimmed with , lace, insertion and :M i
black velvet ribbons.. Former prices $7.50 and d»r aa
$8.50. NOW $OMV
LOT 7—LADIES' TEA GOWNS, made of French flannel
and silk;. some handsomely embroidered, others trimmed with
braids, ribbons and laces. Former prices $12.50 and fr* ta
$15. NOW «pi.dU
LOT 8— LADIES' TEA GOWNS— made of French flannel,
albatross and India silk; effectively tucked and trimmed with
laces, embroideries andribbons. Former prices . <P1A
$16.50 and $18. NOW..'....;.. «plU
'¦''¦-.¥ •.' LOT 9-^.LADIES' TEA GOWNS; imported novelties: made
of crepe de chine, albatross, India silk and voile; some elabor-
ately trimmed with laces; also a number of all-over lace ef- .'
.fects: '"¦¦'. .:.:¦..
".V Former, price • Former price Former price
$22.50 C1C $32.50 fr^ CA $75.00 fir
Now.........«pi3. Now......... $LLtM Now......... $49
Sale commences to-morrow at o a. m.
; 918r922 Market Street.
We are exclusive rPaciflc Coast ; Agents -for the "ARNOLD"-
Goods and' "DR. GROSVENOR'S GERTRUDE GARMENTS.""SPECTACULAR GAME"
'. SAYS DR. WHEELpR
CAPTAIN BANS
BACH of Stanford
University said in-an inter
view :
"We- outplayed them in
every point of the game ex
cept, possibly, in kicking;
On a dry field we. would
have beaten Berkeley about
three touchdowns. The sur
face was' so slippery the
backs could not start fast.
During the last fifteen min
utes Sprott was out" of his
head, but he played a plucky
game 'even 'then'; if he had
not been injured we would
easily have beaten them. \ I
want to praise every rnaii on
the team ; they liave the, best
spirit and are the best lot of
sportsmen I have ever play
ed with. The officials also
deserve praise. Both Dudley;
and Dibblee were absolute
ly.fair: and ; they saw-every
.thing^-: ; ' . , :•
"On a Dry Field We
Would Have Won"
—Captain Bansbach
'f\ ATTAIN- OVERALL
of the- University /of
California said in an-inter
view: • . , _
- "I • am perfectly" satisfied \
with the playing of my men.
We .thought we had a little
bit the best of it, because we
had. Stan ford's .goal in dan
ger a number of times, while
our, own goal was seldom in
danger. I believe if we were
to play Stanford again, each,
college using, the same team,
we would beat them. * All the
men played football. We did '
not have a quitter in our
bunch. The work of the
team in the second half was
splendid. The fact that our
opponents had ¦ six points
against us did not weaken
otir^ playing. We ¦ went into
the \ game with : greater
vim." , „ ; : ;
Captain Overall
Is Satisfied With
Work of His Men
For fully, an hour before; the game was
called the rooters worked overtime. From
the . Berkeley : side would: come ; the long
drawn-out ';•¦•: '.'Oskl-wow;Wow/.V wjth- its
crescendo • ending . in ",. the ; final • head-split
ting shriek. '.Then ' from - thelbank of car
dinal hue would' sound Vsharp.1 defiant,
snapped out "* like Va| r tattoo f on ?'a snare
drum,'; the, "Rah-rah. Stanford," 'Songs
there . were,, too, [ more; or - less j intelligible
The whole iihclosure • was riotous with
color. The parti-colored. hats of the Cali
fornia rooters ; and 1 the arrogantly flaming
cardinal caps'and' red" megaphones of the
Stanford contingent formed the setpieces
in tho great poster -picture.* -Then every
rosy-cheeked : girl had her bow! of ribbon
or wore * a .tam-o'-shanter of ¦ the hue ot
her: faction. '.Twelve, of the sorority girls
from 3 Berkeley 1 marched - to ' their; places,
each with';a/ trailing silken • standard • of
her alma mater. -V : .
First camq the leather-lunged * rooters,
with their "fanciful headgear of ' kaleido
scopic -hue/ '.The California contingent
banked . the seats , on . the south ' end " of the
bleachers, while the boys from; Palo Alto
ranged i themselves « on the north ' end of
the same line "of seats/leaving a respecta
ble middle ground ;of neutrality between.
Then over.under the cover on the opposite
side ; of the field I the | University; Club sec
tion ; and , the ; reserved seats began : to > fill
up with a throng ; of -.be-ribboned * specta
tors. The spaces each goal-post
became a congested field of white c faces
before ! the referee's" whistle [ sounded.
COLOR ' IS ,RIEE.
the hovering defeat was : barely staved
off by the California team. ' .-.'
Even the weather was, a question of
hopes- and' prayers^ yesterday. Early -in.
the morning bands of bedraggled students
in all sorts of -footgear grouped them
selves under the '. awnings of cigar stores
and turned . sad eyes up to : the murk
which swung overhead. But, as if -by -a
special. dispensation^ the gods of^bat
tle, the clouds broke about '.1:30? o'clock
and like suddenly 1 blown ' flowers of f the
rain's watering -the 'splotches ¦ of;, vivid
colors began "to 'set -bleachers and grand
stand into a glow.' . . '
1891 — Stanford University 14. University of California 10
1892 — Stanford University .......... 10 University of California. ....... 10
J^93 — Stanford tlniversity .: ..... . . . 6. .. — ........ University of 1 California 6
1894— Stanford University ...... 6 . . . University of California ....:. . . o
1895 — Stanford University, .......... 6.:...'. ... University of California. ....... 6
1896— Stanford University . . . ... .... 20. . University of California o
— Stanford University . . ... .... . 28. . . . . . ; . ... . . . University of California. ....... o
1898— University of California ....... 22.... ... Stanford University o
1899 — University of California .. .... . 30. . ¦:.". . . Stanford University .......... o
¦- * ¦ - - 4 - . m m
1900— Stanford University . . . . . ..... 5. . . . .... University of California b
1901 — University of California ..... 1 . 2 Stanford University ... .... ... . o
1902 — University of California 16. . . ... ....... Stanford -University ...... /. . o
1903— University of California . . . . ... 6. . . .... . . ... Stanford University ... .'.'. . . '¦.. 6
0A Games won— Stanford .University, 5; -University of California, 4. Tie games, 4.
FOOTBALL GAMES WON AND LOST.
Continued - on Page 32 i Column 1»
THE annual football game be
tween " Stanford University
and the University of Cali
fornia Is over at last and the
fourth tie in the champion
ship series has gone on record. ' The score
represents approximately the relative
strength of the, two "teams, when every
feature, of the game Is considered. Reck
oning without •. the kicking of Overall.
Stanford had the better eleven. Had the
cardinal played the game thrpugh as
they commenced, the result would prob
ably have been different. Stanford's
strength and" speed were a revelation^
California's line proved a disappointment. "
.. Bansbach's" long' op and Heitmuller'8
blocking; of .thekfSc were the perform
ances which . resulted in the score, but
both plays were only incidental features
of the * game' and • Indicated • no special
point.of, ability, In ejther team. The real
contest was waged' back and forth across
the center, of " the • field. Stanford's goal
va» more frequently in danger 'than was
California's. '.The' blue " and gold ', line
failed signally to stop the cardinal backs.
. ,WeIler , seemed good for a" gain ; at any
time. , Overall and Stow and Howard and
HeitmuIIer ,- were * passed without great
difficulty by " the *, big • Stanford freshman.
Then : Dole would be sent through one of
these : ir. en, who » were ¦ commonly sup
posed ; to >be > invincible, and Chalmers
would follow Dole. It looked pretty dark
California's eleven men began the last
half with a ¦ determination to win or die
fighting. Every man played as though
his life depended on the. result. The blue
and gold was desperate. As the play pro
gressed, Cnllicrnla's play improved until
the end was rear, and then, of course,
the captain took some chances in t the
hope of getting another score.
The blue and gold was penalized sixty
yards. .Stanford lost thirty-five yards for
neglecting ' to observe the rules of the
game. California's backs did well, al
though-they did not seem to make gains
. equal to those of the Stanford men behind
the line. - Overall's line work was no:
above the average and Thompson seemed
toying with California's star man at
times. • The blue and gold captain did
splendidly, however, when he went be
hind the line.
„ California's left seemed unaccountably
weak. .' The opposing' linemen seldom
failed to open big holes" at this point. .The
cardinal- line for five-sixths of the game
was as impregnable as. Gibraltar. Time
and. again . the California backs went at
it like battering rams only to be downed
for California after the touchdown by
Bansbach. considering the fact that the
cardinal was putting up a better game.
But- somehow . 01 other, after the first
half, the boys in the new uniform*
slacked up. It seemed they felt safe with
their lead and were only attempting to
prevent their rivals from scoring.
PLAY DESPERATELY.
Captain Bansbach, of Stanford Team,
Is the* Hero of the Day.
Then in the second half came Berke
ley's surprise. The ball was away down
on Stanford's three-yard line, but be
longed to the cardinal, team. Dole dropped
back to punt the oval out of danger, and
as he did so patted Sprott, left tackle,
and whispered into his ear. But the gritty
lineman had been pounded into ' a <daze
and when Dole held out his hands to get
the ball, big "Heiny" HeitmuIIer. Sprott's
opponent, dashed the weakened tackle
out of the way and, springing into 'the
air, stopped the' flying pigskin just from
Dole's boot ! Grappling the" ball, "-he
tucked It under his' arm' and 'lunged
through the sand behind the goal posts.
Then Overall kicked & ticklish goal? and
BEEKELEY TEAM SCORES.
snapped back and a part of the Stanford
men surged forward as If to open a hole
for the charging backs, when out from
? k 8 J°? gle Ot J°« tlln S figures appeared
the lithe form of Bansbach, the Stanford
capUin. About Hudson's end he sped
nestling close up to the men who were
breaking a way for him. Then with only
one supporter, he dashed down the check
ered field toward the goal posts seventy
five yards away. Johnny More the
Berkeley quarter, strained every muscle
to catch the flying figure, but he was
dashed to the sand by Bansbacb's de
fender and the little captain was in a
second lying panting behind Berkeley's
goal with the pigskin hugged to his mole
skin jacket. It was an easy goal to kick
and cardinal smothered the bleachers for
full five minutes.
gridiron struggle between the
two great universities came to a close
with honors even.
That eame out at the Richmond field
yesterday was a typical thirteener. Back
ward a^d forward swung the tide of vic
tory, settling first on the cardinal pen
nants and then on the blue and gold. Any
minute of play might change the Inde
cisive struggle Into a victory. The breath
of twenty thousand people hung pent up
upon the every move of the twenty-two
grimy, bloodied men out there on the
j-quared sand. A slip, a trick, the turn
of a hair might convert one-half of those
twenty thousand people into howling
maniacs and the other half into morose
hypochondriacs. Ob. what a case of
nerves those twenty thousand had!
Both scores w*re made in the wink of
an eye. Both shot unexpectedly out of
the grindfr.g torture of smash upon
*mash of fruitless playing. Each was the
Mgnal for a burst of delirious Joy upon
the part of the rival banks of color which
can only find its equal at a football game.
The ball was on Stanford's forty-yard
line. The cardinal team bent low to the
ground for the next play; the eleven big
men from Berkeley set themselves for a
shock 2a their. mii-iise. The bail wu
YE-B-OW! What a game that
wu! Stanford scores six
points In the first half;
Berkeley duplicates this In
the second, and the thirteenth
Riot of Color and Babel of Sound as
Usual Mark the Struggle.
STANFORD'S SHOWING
DELIGHTS DR. JORDAN
PRESIDENT DAVID STARR JORDAN of Stanford
University said in an interview : 'The two elevens
were fairly evenly matched, and the game was a good, sports
manlike exhibition. P:\ery man on the field played straight
football and played it like a gentleman. Stanford played a hard
game and overcame the disadvantage in weight. The work
of our light line men was particularly gratifying. Stan
ford's team this year deserved to win. There have never been
eleven football players who trained more faithfully nor ob
served training rules more strictly than the Stanford team has
this year. To their conscientious training and Lanagan's
coaching the showing made by the eleven this afternoon is
due. At no time during the season has there been anything
done by the Stanford players that could possibly have been
objected to by any of the faculty committees. They have kept
up their college work and strictly observed training rules."
GRIDIRON GIANTS PLAY A TIE GAME
IN ANNUAL INTERCOLLEGIATE CONTEST
Continued on Page 32, Column 6.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1903.
Eages^i to 44
PagesSfi^
HEITMULLER BLOCKING SPROTT'S KICK, PREVIOUS TO CARRYING BALL OVER FOR A TOUCHDOWN — FROM AN INSTANTANEOUS PHOTOGRAPH
PRESIDENT . BENJAMIN IDE WHEELER of Uni
versity of California said in an interview: "I think it
was an excellent game and an interesting spectacle to wit
ness: The two sides were certainly evenly matched. I may
be prejudiced, but I am inclined to think the Berkeley mate
rial, on the whole, was^ better. The Stanford men showed bet
ter command of some features of organization and strategy
of the game as it is developed in the ,East. /The game was
cleanly flayed throughout by the men on each team. The spec
tators must feel they received ample return for their money.
Personally I wish the game had been decided one way or an
other, and I wish Berkeley had won. I am proud of my boys.
Each one played his best. The spirit of the team was magnifi
cent. I give, them my thanks for their loyalty to the college.
I wish thev could have won, but it is all right."Continued on Page 33, Column 1.
season and scored upon enly once. Cali
fornia has been .once defeated^ and scored
upon in yesterday's game, j California
averaged about three pounds heavier than
the Cardinal. The blue and gold line
weighed considerably more than the op-
r»*il on it. Snedlgar replaced Whipple' at
risrhf half and immediately sained twen
ty-live yards on a trick -play. Stanford
SANTA CLARA, Nov. 14.— WTiile play
ing with a 22-callber rifle this morning
Carl Young, aged 12 years, was shot In
the back by his twin brother, who acci
dentally discharged the gun. The spinal
column was torn partially In two and the
injured lad la not expected to live.
The bullet entered the back between the
shoulder blades at the fourth dorsal verte
bra, penetrated the backbone and en
tered the soft flesh beyond, where the
surgeons were unable to locate it. From
the oolnt of injury to the extremities the
lad is paralyzed, although his mental fac
ulties are unaffected and he seems to suf
fer little pain. He wa3 taken to a sani
tarium in San Jose this afternoon and 13
this evening in a very critical condition.
Sad Ending to Play by the Accidental
. Discharge of a Small
Rifle.
LAD FATALLY SHOT J
BY TWIN BROTHER
and scarcely musical; but the bark of the
yells sounded best.
COLLEGE PRESIDENTS ARRIVE.
.As fair omen-to the launching of their
fighting' machine, 1 the Stanford enthusiasts
copied the. christening ceremonies which
the Japanese use for their worships, and
let loose a score of pigeons, each with the
burning red- streamer of LL S.-J. U. flap
ping from its feet. The frightened birds
sailed- over the -gridiron -In crazed dashes
and then trailed off cityward, bearing
their message : of hope to any belated
boarde.r In the Stanford ark who mipht
be swe'aring softly at the blockaded strtet
car- down near the dummy depot.
Golden-hued even down to his obviously
new riding boots, -President Wheeler ap
peared on the field and was warned by
one of the bluecoats that It required a
yellow sideline badge" to stay there. The
Berkeley rooters would riot let their pres
ident be treated badly and they cheered
him to the echo. Then the well-known
broad shoulders of Dr. Jordan appeared
through the press at the gate, and the
cardinal streamers /zig-zagged wildly,
while the cheers jumped out to greet him.
Cleve Baker of Stanford got so heated In
leading the yell that he had to remove
his jacket, and remained in spotless white
as to his upper garments like' any Sadie
girl. -
When the eleven big men from across
the bay. trotted onto the field the skies
seemed to come down.. They looked very
big— very fine in their neat new suits and
blue 'jerseys. ; With them were the two
grave-faced coaches, Jim Whipple • and
PeTcy-Hall. ! ' i ' ;
.. ' -.THE '.WHISTLE SOUNDS.
The imen r of the team immediately
crouched . and began to go through their
pates, buf they had hardly maneuvered
up to the end of the field when the con
tingent from Palo Alto was on its. feet
and the Stanford eleven appeared on the
gridiron. ,: With them came Jim Lanagan,
their big coach, nervously chewing a long,
black cigar. The trainers and the men
: the water bottles hovered around
the 'side lines like the Lanlstae In the old
gladiatorial combats. .
. Overall and Bansbach, the two captains,
met In center field and shook hands. A
silver coin- was flipped in, the air by Ref
eree' Dibblee. the old Harvard halfback.
Stanford won the toss and chose to kick
off:. Then there was a minute's tension
while Sprott heaped up a little mound in
the middle of the center lime line. The
iBESIDIO~~GOLFEBS PLAY
HANDICAP AGAINST "BOGEY"
J . V. Byrne Proves the Winner With
«n Excellent Score on a Heavy
\ Course.
A dczen players took part in the handi
cap ov»r eighteen ' holes against "bogey"
yesterdty on the Presidio course of the
San Francisco Golf Club. J. W. Byrne,
who with a handicap of two strokes re
turned th* excellent score of one down,
proved the winner. Mr. Byrne played ex
cellent golr his medal play score being
about forty »or each round. Owing to the
rain the jrree^ was heavy and slow, and a
strong wind rcidered low scores more dif
ficult to make. The full details are shown
in the table: '
PLATERS. Handicap.
J. W. B>rn« 2 strokes I down
S. L. Ahbot Jr a stroke* 3 down
Ilolla. V. Watt 12 strokes 4 down
B. D. GIrvtn 1! strokes 4 down
Dr. J. R. Clark s strokes ! 6 down
L. B. Edwards 12 strokes !« down
R. G. Hixzitord R strokes i T down
B. D. Adamson Scratch i 7 down
Major C. Chri*tensen 1« stroke* S down
Major J. YV. Hlnkley Jr. 8 strokes 8 down
R. I. Bontley 8 stroke* !» down
Lieut. J. 8. Oyster 4 atrokuo |
one in the Stanford team made things In
teresting by stealing the ball in rushes
several times during the game.
The field was slow and the players
slipped on various occasions when, gains
might otherwise have been made. > The
sun had dried up the ground much bet
ter than was expected. The ball did not
get slippery, which saved the contest
from being a game of luck. Fumbles were
rather too frequent. In team play Stan
ford completely outclassed California,
Most of the time the Cardinal machine
worked in excellent shape. The blue and
gold men were not at all accurate lnget
tins Into the plays.
Stanford's interference was vastly su
perior to that of her opponents. Califor
nia seemed to have isuffered a slump, as
the eleven did not play in as good form
yesterday as earlier in the season. There
was little rough play and 'no slugging,
which speaks well for .the spirit of such
a great intercollegiate athletic battle.
The men on both teams tackled rather
poorly on the average. Several times a
player would attinvpt to stop a runner by
grasping him about the neck. The backs,
with the exception of Weller, went into
the line low. He gained distance all the
time, but he would have done better had
he pulled his head down. * t ¦
GAINS ON KICKS.
Berkeley kicked sixteen times for' 6S5
yards and Stanford'fourteen times for 520
yards. Overall sent the ball cighty-nve
yards once, although it rolled for thirty
five vards on the ground. Both teams
played fast football when they had the
chance. Many men began to be fagged
during the last half and time was called
after every second play.
All of 6tanford t 's men played -a good
game. Bansbach *ls, of course, the hero
of the day from the standpoint of the
Cardinal. Weller did splendid work, and
Clark, Thompson and Chalmers also dis
tinguished themselves. Shields and Ja
cobs Eurpassed in their playing the ardent
expectations of their team's supporters.
Sprott played like a fiend until he was
put out. For the last twenty minutes of
the second half he did not know what he
was about.
California's line seemed weak at almost
ever}' point Demerritt made several bril
liant plays and Hudson worked like a
beaver, although crippled. Both Mini and
Stern did well back of the line and also
Force, when he was . substituted at full.
Snedlgar advanced the pigskin in good
«=hape after he was put Into the game. It
was not evident why Whipple was ever
started at right half. _ "
Stanford has not been defeated this
Continued From Page 31, Column 7.
without gain. There were almost no end
runs In the game.
The Inside tips before the contest were
that California was to punch -holes In
Stanford's line and that the cardinal
backs were to circle the alleged weak
ends of their opponents. The blue and
cold team played according to pro-
Kran>m*s bnt Stanford sprung the big sur
prise cf the Say by playing directly at
what wore generally considered to be
California's strong points. It was Coacji
Lacagan's scheme and it worked well.
BOTH TEAMS SCORE.
Stanford was close up to her forty-yard
line when the p4ay was made which re
sulted in a touchdown. Bansbach took
the ball for a quarterback run and De
merritt on California's left end was mis
led by the rush of cardinal Locks to the
cipofite side of center. So Bansbach had
It pretty much all" his own way when he
xvRP fairly started. It was straight foot
ball but it only happened to result for
tunately a? quarterback runs are not on
the regular schedule for securing touch
down at long distance. Had the men of
the opposing team played as they have
been coached Daubach might have made
twenty yards, but never seventy.
Theblue and gold eleven won its touch
down through the individual work of
Heitmuller. The tackle got in front of
the ball and dropped on it. The unpleas
p.nt feature of this play was the fact that
th«» man whose business It was to stop
Heitrauller was as groggy as a beaten
pugilist. Sprott was laid out time after
time in the liret portion of the second half
end he had to be helped to his feet and
fteered to his place in the lice after al
most ever>' Play. His face was as white
as chalk and he should have been taken
to the 6ide lines.
On account of Sprott's condition Dole
was cornmlEtsoned to do Stanford's punt
ir.g. When the cardinal had the ball
c!cse to her own goal line, a kick was or
dered. Heitmuller went through Sprott
as if there were no man at that point,
blocked the kick in splenflld shape and
finished up the- job by failing on the balL
California's goal was rather more dif
ficult to kick than Stanford's.
TAITDEM PLAY WORKS WELL.
The tandem play gained yards upon
yards of ground for Stanford. Bansbach
v.as calling for it at every stage of the
came. Wherever the play was directed
the opposing lineman was overwhelmed.
California, tried several trick plays, , but
little ground was gained by them. Some
,ball was placed; every man in his position
was straining to be off. Sharp and quick
wunded the whistle and the game was on.
Continued Froxn'Page 31, Column 4.
Heitmuller Scores. on Blocked Kick
and Saves Day for Berkeley.
Stanford's Strength and Speed a
Revelation\ to Experts.
posing scratch men. The opinion of most 1
of the unprejudiced- onlookers seemed to
be that Stanford should have won.
Much punting -and a few good runs
made the game quite spectacular. The
officials -were all that could ; be desired.
Ben 'Dibblee's -work was particularly fine.
Dudley kept his; eyes* open for' offside
plays and holding and hl3 manifest vigi
lance undoubtedly had the' effect of mak
ing the play cleaner. ,.<;•.. '¦
GAME COMMENCES. ,
' tolifornia's eleven ' trotted, across the
southeast corner of the field at 2:57
o'clock. The cardinal team appeared at
3:CC' o'clock.*. Sprbtf kicked off at -3:10.
Overall caught. the ball and ran about teD
yards before he -was downed.'- The root
ers for the blua and gold nearly collapsed
when Stanford's line held and Overall war
forced to kick.' He sent the ball 'outside
for a gain of thirty yards.
--Berkeley,' -was- set • haclc five yards for
offside play after Stanford's first signal.
Weller then went through the supposedly
invulnerable'' line for fwo yards and then
for three yards. Here Berkeley was ..off
side again and lost five yards more. Chal
mers found some holes in the blue and
gold line and the cardinal banners were
waving wildly. California was ojf side
again and went back five yards more.
. Bansbach fumbled and it was Berke
ley's ball on her own twenty-nve-yard
line. California failed to advance the pig-
Bkin .- by rushes and Overall sent it
through ; on a punt nearly to Stanford's
¦goal line. Bansbach lost the ball and Cal
ifornia should have scored, fcui some one
held in the line at the first rash and the
blue and gold went-back twenty yards.
An attempt at a trick play .netted. a less
for Berkeley and Overalf kicked. Stan
ford gained steadily on line plays from
one to seven- yards. Finally on Stan
ford's forty-yard line Bansbach signaled
for the quarterback run and sped down
the . side lino for seventy* yards . and . a
touchdown. After having partially recoV
neu rrom the shock the California team
lined up back of the posts and watched
Bprott send the plgsklp over the crossbar.
BERKELEY IS DEMORALIZED.
When Overall- kicked off again Califor
nia went to pieces. Stanford gained yards
at a clip through the strong points. Fi
nally the State University boys got -to
gether for a minute and Sprott was com
pelled to kick. The ball went only thirty
yards, but Clark nailed his man Imme
diately. 'Stanford stopped the rushes of
the opposing backs and Overall was
forced to kick. Weller muffed the ball on
Stanford's: goal line and it was Califor
nia's chance for a touchdown v with the
pigskin only three yards from the last
streak of . whitewash.
Berkeley made two Ineffectual attempts
to plunge through to the tempting green-
Bward ami fumbled on .the third. Sprott
kicked -thirty yards frftm back of the
line. Mini "dropped the 'ball, but Hudson
THOUSANDS OF SPECTATORS WATCH AND CHEER PLAYERS
AS THEY MIGHTILY STRIVE FOR THE PALM OF VICTORY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY; NOVEMBER \o< 1903.
COACH LAN AGAN of
.Stanford-; University
saici, in an interview :
VI think the Stanford
team clearly outplayed Berke
ley. While a tie.is unsatis
factory*, we have nothing of
which to complain.' There
"were nol "if s"" in" this" game.
It v was good, hard , football.
I have never seen a finer
team of men than we .' had
this year, <md I have noth
ing but praise for the
they played. The showing
thev made with . five new
men — : three of them fresh
men — i against a team all'
veterans but one* is a .thing
to be commended. The fact
that Berkeley xould not buck
our line is enough to say in
comparison of the two' lines.
Bansbach's giving the quar
terback run after playing
straight bucks until he had
the Berkeley ends drawn in
was a great piece of gener
alship. The .work of Clark
in breaking through in that
play .and Sprotts leading him
up the field was clever."
Thinks Stanford
Outplays Men of
the Berkeley Team
Berkeley's Fumble
on the Yard-Line .
Is a Costly One
COACH' WHIPPLE
of University of Cal
iiornia said in aninterview :
"It was one of the closest
Barnes \lv. ever saw.; We
should have won the game
in the first half. The fumble
on the yard line was a
costly one. Stanford's backs
were heavier than purs, and
played a great game. Stan
ford's line surprised me, be
cause it was much lighter
than_ours. Pludson played
• the greatest, game on the
field 1 His work at end was
a revelation to me, and it
stands out more prominent
ly because he wasf actually
a cripple. Stanford made
most of . her gains through
our tackles. I was
ly satisfied with the'way our
team olayed. The defensive
impartial in their decisions:"
game of both teams was
about equal. Stanford's
punting was just as good
as ours. The work of the
officials was highly satisfac-'
torv. Both Mr. Dibblee and
Mr. Dudlev were fair and
32
Coach Stagg Administers. Electric Treatment Daily to His Unbeaten Maroon Eleven — This
"Chain Lio'htninsr" Adds Snao and^Viffor to the Play.
BY JOHN FRANCIS BYRNES.
Electricity has taken another stride for-
ward, and this time It ha* been used so
Fucccssfully that there is little doubt that
predictions that have been made as to Its
efficiency in human ailments will be ful-
filled far beyond the expectations of its
predictors.
Coach Stagg cf the University of Chi-
cago has been using electricity on his
football squad with good results, and now
coaches of other football teams are adopt-
ing the same methods.
It is claimed that his mode of treatment
far surpasses anything that has ever been
used In conditioning athletes for strenu-
ous work. It seems to Invigorate every
nerve and muscle and the result is more
ginger and wisp are perceptible in the
movements of the men who have been
put through this course of treatment.
There is no doubt that this treatment
was suggested to Mr. Stagg by the exper-
iments of the noted Professor Loeb, who,
¦when connected with the Chicago Uni-
every instance, made them as strong and
vigorous as ever. Among the number are
Tommy Ryan, Young Corbett, Terry Mc-
Govern. Dave Barry and many others
whom it would take up too much time to
enumerate. My treatment has not been
confined to pugilists alone, as I have on
my list baseball players of prominence,
and many who have won honors in other
branches of athletics.
' "Now take the case of Tommy Ryan,
i for instance. He was a man who had
reached the highest pinnacle in the prom- ,
inence of a pugilist, and just after attain-
ing this point he found that the exces-
sive, training he was accustomed to go
through and other causes sapped his vi-
tality, and he was in a fair way to break
down. • He had tried many remedies, but
none of these seemed to do him any good.
Ke came to me as a last resort, and
from the very first application of my
electric appliance his health began to im-
prove, and now he Is as vigorous as ever,
and here la a. letter which I recently re-
verity, experimented successfully with
electricity, and proved, without doubt, to
the world that electricity is what consti-
tuted life, and without It we could not
live.
It will b« remembered that his letters
in &11 the newspapers were eagerly read
and commented upon, and that Dr. Mc-
Laughlin, the famous electrical expert,
claimed that he. and not Professor Loeb,
was entitled to the honor of being the
discoverer of this principle, and backed
his claims by producing books that he
has written and published several years
before Professor Loeb's announcement,
containing the same arguments and rea-
sons why Electricity was responsible for
our living.
la view of this. I was anxious to secure
for publication Dr. McLaughlln's opinion
on this subject, and my interview with
him will undoubtedly - be read with in-
terest.
The doctor emlled when I Inquired if he
had read the articles that appeared in
the newspapers on the use of electricity
as an Important adjunct to the training
of athletes, and he said he had, and add-
ed that, as usual, I was several years be-
hind the times in seeking Information
from him, and. as on previous occasions,
he was going to prove to me what now
¦eemed new to me had actually been in
use by him for a number of years past.
I told him I would appreciate It very
much if he would give me as much infor-
mation as possible on the- subject, as I
thought it would prove of vital import-
ance to the world at large. He then said:
"Nothing gives me more pleasure than
to bear of some person of prominence be-
coming an advocate of electrical treat-
ment, for, as you know, it has been my
life-long Etudy. and when a man like
Stagg, who has a reputation for condi-
tioning athletes second to none In the
country, comes forth and says that he
recognizes the value of Electricity as a
strength builder, it assists me materially
in proving what I have, been advocating
for the past twenty-two years.
"I have had a host of athletes who
have coma to me la a debilitated state
from one causa or another and I have,' In
ceived from Tommy. You will note that
he Bays that he would not think of train-
Ing again without the use of my electric
appliance."
The doctor here showed me a letter
from Tommy Ryan, which I read, and it
certainly was a strong recommendation of
the doctor for his. electric appliance. He
in turn handed me letters written him by
Corbett, McGovern and many other ath-
letes of prominence, and they were all
equally as strong in their commendation
I of the doctor and his method of treat-
ment. . -
I then said: "Doctor, how is this ac-
complished by your Electric Appliance?"
and he replied: \y. <- ? ;
"By restoring: Nature's vitality. I flnd 1
the physical system wanting in the vital
energy which nature intended it to have.
This vitality has been wasted in one way
or another and I restore it Excessive
waste is due to overtaxation of the vital
forces, and may be caused by hard work
mentally, grief or worry, extra physical
exertions, severe fevers and many other
causes, which drain away vitality and
leave the system in a debilitated condi-
tion.
"The electrical heat generated by the
consumption of our food should 1 keep
healthy every vital organ of tho body.
Debility of the vital organs arises when
the waste is greater than the repair;
when the stomach is not able to generate
Eufflcient electric heat to supply the de-
mands of the vital organs the natural re-
sult is a lowering of nerve, organic and
muscular power— general debility. Then
an artificial agent must be used to assist
the stomach.
"That agent is electricity and the only
successful way known to science of ap-
plying it is by the aid of my Dr. Mo
Laughlln Electric Belt."
"But. Doctor," I said, "will not elec-
tricity applied In other ways do this?"
and he replied:
"No, there is but'one way of applying it
Intelligently, and that is my way. The
current supplied by my appliance enters
the body in a glowing stream of vitalizing
heat, bo gentle that the nerves and vital
organs absorb It freely. This force is
added to the natural power generated by
the stomach; it saturates every vital part
and soon transforms" the debilitated body
Into a natural storage battery, which gen-
erates Its own health and closes the doors
forever to disease and debility.
"The wide range of troubles which can
be reached by restoring vitality would
surprise you. Head this letter from Mr.
M. O. Rollins, box 846, Bisbee, Arizona.
He says:
I have worn the electric Belt three months,
and the good ft has done me has been continu-
ous. My stomach is In good order, the heart
action all right, my varlcocele is rapidly disap-
pearing- and every complaint gradually yield-
ing. My condition was very serious when I
commenced your treatment, and it does not
seem possible that in so short a time bo great
an improvement could be brought about. I
have sooken to several men about the Belt,
and they are surprised to Know the great
range of troubles this form of treatment
reaches, but what it has done in* my case is
eufflclent to prove to them its efflcacy, so I
hare no doubt but that you will hear from
some of them.
"You take a man who Is thin, puny and
unnourlshed in appearance and pour this
electric life into his body every night for
a few months, with the proper exercise
to draw it- into the muscles and tissues,
and you can add twenty-flve pounds to
his weight, double his strength and vi-
tality and transform him into a giant In
strength, as I have often done.
"An example of what I am doing In this
respect is the case of Mr. A. Hubbs,
Callstoga, CaL. who says that he has
gained eight pounds, that his strength 13
restored and all aches and pains have left
him since he got the belt.
"Look at the men who have worn my
Belt and you will see men of force, men
of power and confidence, men who re-
spect themselves and are respected and
admired by their fellowmen.
"Poor digestion, inactive liver, consti-
pation, sluggish heart, slow thinking, dor-
mant energy and laziness are all due to
the lack of electricity. Understand that
electricity is the motive power of the
human machine, the power- that keeps
the organs active, and you will see what
I mean. In such cases you can see bow
my Electric Belt will pump action into the
body. ' It renews the electric life and
transforms the sluggard into a bundle of
vigorous energy.
"It Is truly the foundation of youth to
men who have begun to feel older than
they are. and It la a fine thing for an
eld man who wants to feel young. It ,*s
over two years now since I got a letter
from Mr. A. Crawford, of Pokegama,
Oregon, in which he said: 'I asked you
to send me something to make an old
man • young, and you did. I have worn
your belt three months, and am as vigor-
ous as I- was when a young man. I am
seventy years old and can do as much
work as I could at thirty-five.' .
"That sounds pretty good, and to show
you how remarkable It Is here Is a letter
that I received from Mr. Crawford the
other day:.
In reply to your letter I am glad to say that
I am just as much In favor of your Belt as I
ever was, for It has been a remarkable h»lp to
me. I am 72 years old, but I do not look any
more than 6a Am enjoying perfect health and
will continue to recommend tne Belt, as I have
been doing right along, as I realize that but
for It I should have b««n dead and burled by
this time.'
' "This agitation of the subject Is going
to prove of incalculable benefit to the
future health of our race. Just satisfy
the -people that they can procure a re-
newal of bodily vigor and health by sim-
ply renewing the electricity In the body
and you have given them what they hare
always prayed for— a relief from noxious
¦ drugs. Convince a suffering man or wom-
an that* drugs will not cure them, and
that all they need is a new supply of
electricity, and you - have mads them
happy.
"So many people suffer from pains and
aches, called rheumatism or lumbago cr
neuralgia, due to impoverished nerves,
crying for aid. The life of these nerves
is electricity and nothing else will cure
them. I can send a gentle current from
my Electric B«It so that It will convey
the life direct to the ailing part and re-
lief is often felt In an hour. I frequently
cure such cases in ten days.
"Here Is a case to Illustrate tho point:
Mr. Jostph M. Elsing, 72a Park Are., San
Francisco, says: *"*» *"
I am rlad to tell yoa that I am cored of my
rheumatism. For Tears I was not able to
dress myself without help and suffered terrible
pain, bnt had I taken your treatment I ml*-ht
have saved myself all th!s suffering years ago.
The money I spent paying doctors" bills was all
thrown away. Your Belt has don« for me In a
few months what doctors could not do In three
years* continual treatment. I am glad, to recom-
'mend the treatment to any one sufferlns with
inflammatory rheumatism.
"Suppose we take a man who has in
one way or another overtaxed his system
until it is in a state of abject debility.- the
brain sluggish, all ambition gone, and an
ever present feeling of despondency, a
disposition to give up the fight.
"In that case the electrical force has
been reduced, and there we have the
cause of the debility. Now. replace that
force and you have a rejuvenated man,
aa good as ever.
"Here is a case which Illustrates: Mr.
TV. H. Smith of Acampo. CaL, says:
I am Improving all the time; my nerves are
better and I am better than I have been for
years. I am sure that-, tho Belt is a Godsend
to any stiff erlngr man or woman, and I caa't
say enoturti for It- Som« poopl* to whom I
speak of the treatment think It is * swindle,
and say that they have been frequently ra' 9 *
led In the past by so-called remedies, but my
cure certainly convinces them that your Belt
does what you sSy It will. >
"I could cite thousands of similar IncJ- -«
dents. -When you see that I have fifty
thousand voluntary testimonials and tnat
there is not a hamlet m this country-
without one or more cures by my appli-
ances, you will understand that my expe-
rience has been broad.
"My treatment Is a success to any case
where strength is lacking, whether in the
nerves, stomach, heart, kidneys. Ilrer or
any other part. My appliance gives a
soothing, constant electric glow, which la
taken by the body Just as a eponge takes
up water. ' It cures rheumatism in any
guise, as well as every other form of pain.
"I am an enthusiast, you say! Why-
should I not be? I have the gratitude of
thouaands-of people who have been cured
by my Electric Belts after the failure of
the best physicians. I am enthusiastic,
because I know that I offer suffering hu-
manity the surest cure for the least- ex-
penditure of money that is known to-day.
"1 have gained my success by learning
how to treat my patients and. then cur-
ing them. I know how. others do not. I
charge nothing for my knowledge, know-
ing that it helps my business to do ail I
can for every patient. My patients are
my friends. They are building my suc-
cess." ¦
I then thanked the doctor for taking tip
so much of his time, and before leavmr
he handed me a book that he published
for free distribution. I have read It care-
fully and must say It contains a clear,
simple, honest description of his treat<%
ment and Is well worth ,any man's or
woman's time to read, be they sick or
well. The doctor Informed me that he
would be pleased to send thfs book on ap-
plication to any one free by addressing
him at his office.. Dr. M. C. McLaughltn,
m Market St., San Francisco.CABLISIiE INDIAN ELEVEN
TO PLAY ON THIS COAST
Football Player Injured.
V SALT LAKE. Nov. 14.— Ray Booth, a
Resident of this city, was badly injured in
a game of football between two local
teams here to-day. The lower part of
his body is completely paralyzed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 14.— The long
pending troubles in the Southern Cali
fornia State Hospital for the Insane at
Highland culminated late to-night in the
resignation of Dr. A. Stanley Dolan, for
nine years assistant medical superintend
ent.
There has been war in the management
of "the Institution. with frequent
public outbreaks of late,- and only
yesterday Dr. M. B.-- Campbell, the
superintendent, stated ' in the news
papers that the place -was too
email to bold he and Dolan and that one
must go. Dolan announced that he would
fight, but this evening he came to Los An
geles and suddenly changed his mind, wir
ing his resignation Campbell.
"The place was getting too hot for me,"
said Dr. Dolan this evening, "and I have
enough strife. For .seven yean I have
been subjected to humiliation by a man
who. If the truth could be ascertained,
will hesitate to stoop to nothing, no mat
ter how despicable, to accomplish' his
ends.
"In getting out I am saving myself
from the inevitable. All of Dr. Campbell's
scheming cannot now prevent an investi
gation that will clean. out the rotten in
stitution, and It is rotten to the core. - 1
am where I can talk now, and I know.
what I am talking about. The end Is not
yet. The fun has Just begun. ', The-; time
is not far distant before Dr. Campbell
will regret bis actions during. his admin
lstratic; ~ '¦- -J
A woman can never see the attractions
lessons in living until she is too old to put
to practical use their teachings.
The hall of Boadicea Circle of the
Druidesses of this city was crowded last
night . with members of the order, who
assembled to witness a drill by the team
that Is to confer the degree on a large
class of candidates in Union Square Hall
on 1 December 16. The drill was under the
direction of Mrs. A. Thornhlll, grand sec
retary, : acting as drill, mistress. . There
was a great deal Of added floor .work
which was novel and did much to add to
the dramatic effect of the work of the
order. A company of twenty women,
each carrying an American flag, acted as
escort to the grand ofBcers, who entered
the hall in charge of a conductor, and
conductress under an arch formed by the
members of the company, after which
they, were escorted to seats specially re
served : for them. There were staff bear
ers, each bearing a staff decorated with
the colors of the order, 1 who accompanied
the"' candidates from station to station
and /performed evolutions with the ' staffs
that are new . but effective and symbolic
of signs of the order. . It is expected that
this work , will be performed In ; the ¦, pres
ence .of 'nearly all :' the members- of the
order. "
Drill by Druidesses.
• The -United. States. Civil Service Com
mission'announces that, the following'ex
imlnatlcms will be held at San Francis
cot *¦"*¦-¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ' ' ' - •
Teacher 'Of agriculture. Indian- service,
December 15; age limit, 20 years or over;
salary $1000- per; annum: application form
1312 Messenger at the Mare Island navy
yardiahd in the office orthe United States
naval- constructor, Union Iron Works,
San Francisco: age limit 18 years or over;
salary J104 7 per diem; application form
304 Examiner of. surveys, general Hand
office;- 'salary $5 per day,; age ;ilmlt 20
years or over; application form 1312; De
cember" 9 and 10, 1903. t v _¦"
Teacher (male); Philippine service; age
llmlt ; 20 % years, or over; application forms
2 and 375; November 27 and 28, 1903. ; .
-.Cadet, revenue cutter service; age limit
18 to 25 years; application form^ 304;-Jan
uary 4, 5 and 6, 1904.
: These examinations are; open to all cit
izens of "the- United 'States .who' comply
with. the, requirements. .Persons who"de
sire to compete should apply either to!the
United States Civil , Service Commission,
Washington, . D. C..1 or to' the secretary of
the Consolidated Board of ; Civil : Service
Examiners. : 301 Jackson street, San* Fran
cisco, for" application ' forms ¦ mentioned
above^ which should be .properly, executed,
and ' filed : with the ; commission at* Wash-"
Civil'' Service Examinations.
Fireman Sam Louis was the first to see
the obstruction and supposed it. to be a
handcar. He told ,the engineer and the
brakes were thrown on.' When the front
locomotive struck the cart it was de
railed. It ran for : seventy-five : yards
stopping at right angles with the track.
Owing to . the accident , occurring . at - a
place where there was a double track the
delay in traffic was slight. Conductor J.'
Smith was in charge of- the train.
The accident was caused by a runaway
horse belonging to Herman Doerlng. The
animal broke from its hitching post on a
street, ran down Third street 1 and Instead
of. crossing the* track turned to the right.
The horse and cart fell into a culvert cat
tle guard. .
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 14.— The up-coun
try passenger train due to arrive here at
6:10 o'clock was wrecked to-night when
within a short distance of the station. It
was a double-header train, and the front
engine. No. 7, was derailed, running quite
a distance" before being brought to a stop.
The second locomotive, No. 0, and all the
cars remained on the track. No one was
hurt. . ¦ . . ' . . •
Special; Mspatch to .The. Call.
Curious Accident Oc
curs on Line inMarin
County.
A. Stanley Dolan Leaves
Highland State
Hospital.
RUNAWAY HORSE
WRECKS TRAIN
Assessor Dodge to Secure Evidence
From Taxpayers to Present to
Equalization Board.
Assessor Dodge yesterday began the is
suance of notices to taxpayers with a
view to securing evidence to combat the
announced intention of the State Board of
Equalization to again raise real estate
valuations in this city next year. Dodge
cays that the 23 per cent raise has result
ed In assessing property at Its full market
value and in many cases theceof Dodge
wants to systematize and tabulate the ev
idence so as to make it effective against
the assaults of the State board. The no
* Uce Kent by Dodge follows:
"The tax bills for the current year are
now ready for deliv*-y at the Tax Collec
tor's oflce. Those taxpayers who have
already secured their bills are aware that
the assessment of their property this year
is 20 per cent greater for State purposes
than it was last year. This la the result
of the recent action of the State Board of
Equalization, taken at Sacramento, and
has resulted In a. large Increase in the
amount of your taxes. In numberless
cases this great Increase made by the
State board has resulted In the assess
ment cf property at a figure e<jual to, if
not In actual excess of, the full market
value of the property assessed. It is" ru
mored that unless the undersigned in
creases the assessment of San Francisco
this year by orer $100,000,000, the amount
which the State board added to our as
sessment, that this board Intends next
year to again raise our assessment. With
a view x>l gathering accurate data for the
purpose of thowlng the injustice of such
action, I request all taxpayers to present
at my office In the City Hall- such data
and evidence as they have, which. would
tend to show the injustice of the recent
raise of their assessment, as made by the
State board. I am satisfied that the tabu
lation of such data will convince even the
most skeptical that San Francisco County
is paying taxes on a larger percentage of
the valuation of Its property than is the
rule throughout the rest of the State."
WILL COMBAT FDTUB.E
RAISE IN ASSESSMENT
;. "Greece will build at St. Louis a copy
of the parthenon, ¦ as near as the Blze of
the ; original'' as ¦' possible. It: will .not v be
built of marble." ,M->.' . ' ,; *- i
"I have first 'to look over the ground,",
said Mr. Vacherot. "Of 1 course ; there' is
a provisional plan, but ¦ I ,. cannot j tell
whether that--ean be followed until after
I ylsit St.' Louis: I believe that" the gen
eral plan can' be. followed;' but oU course
Itmay'have to be modified.' I shall return
to France the latter part of December
and on my return' the plants to be used
will be shipped, over."
' Another arrival was Mr.De'Montarnal,"
who will divide the buildings Into- sections
to be allotted each exhibitor. There also
arrived .Dimitrl Zacchlri, the Greek com
missioner general to the exposition. He
eald: "" ' ; " - '
' WASHINGTON, Nov. 14.— Mr. Vacherot,
the chief gardener of the city of Paris,
arrived to-day on the steamer La Savole.
He. comes here to superintend the laying
out of the seven acres of ground allotted
to ..France at. the St." Louis exposition,
which, surround the ; French national
buildings. -He brings four assistants
with- him. ¦. . - -••.^ ; < ,<•'.'-
Will Lay Out Grounds About the
French Building at Coming
,7.%,; -Fair. . i ¦
PARIS' CHIEF GAUDENER
COMES TO ST. LOUIS
¦ the afternoon they showed a
marked spirit of enthusiasm and hearti
ness last night in Fischer's Theater.
Every niche and corner of the house
was filled with noisy rooters and. pretty
co-eds. The theater was one mass of red
streamers, flajfrp. banners ana every other
sort of contrivance that could be paint
ed red. The actors ;themselves wore red
ties, red ro3es and red hat ribbons. When'
the chorus girls appeared they were lit
erally stormed with yells and toots of
noisy horns. The chorus wore bright
cardinal Jerseys bearing the letter S.
Messrs. Kuhn and Baker, known as
THOUGH the Stanford boys failed
to score a victory over the blue
and gold on the gridiron during
DOCTOR QUITS
ASYLUM JOB
v.'nder Protest." a comic opera from
the pen of J. P. Loeb, '05, and A. C.
Keane, '05. was presented under the able
direction of Harry James. It was full
of Joshes and sarcastic allusions to the
University at Palo Alto. Stanford came
In for many hot shots and the big crowd
which filled the theater yelled and ap
plauded approval, for it was strictly a
blue and gold audience. President Wheel
er, the co-eds and leading college spirits
were taken off In song and Jokelet. The
opera went through with a vim. The
various musical numbers were well re
ceived. A well trained male chorus,
garbed in Chinese costume, marched
and sang with as much skill as the fair
maids of an extravaganza company.
"It was good to be there," said one
comedian, and this sly allusion to Presi
dent Wheeler's time-honored expression
caught the house. The hit of the show.
ater last night and put to shame
the tremendous cheers that greeted the
various standard bearers in the late mu
nicipal election. It certainly takes a band
of college rooters to make the welkin
ring.
THE "Osklt Wow Wow!" of the
University of California echoed
and re-echoed in Alhambra The-
CAMBRIDGE, Mass:, Nov. 14.— A defeat
more pitiful than any recalled by the
friends S of Harvard and one in which
there was not a feature to give comfort
to' the- undergraduates of the university
was, administered to tKe Harvard eleven
by" Dartmouth .this 'afternoon. The final
score was 11 to 0 in favor of the New
Hampshire college team. Harvard's only
chance to defeat Yale next week has been
thought^ to be in the snappineas of her
play, .but this feature was markedly ab
sent' to-day. -
. PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 14.— In a game
marked by fumbles and' penalties, the
Carlisle Indians defeated the University
of 'Pennsylvania to-day by the score of
16 to 6. The Indians scored a touchdown
and kicked a Held goal in the first half.
Each team scored a touchdown In the
second .half, from which goals resulted.
SEATTLE, Nov. 11— Washington 6, Ore
gon 6.'
PORTLAND, Nov. 14.— Multnomah Ath
letic Club 15, Albany College 0.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Nov. 14.— Ohio State
University 27. Oberlin 5.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 14.— Georgetown
33, 1 Columbia 0.
-LAWRENCE. Kans., Nov. 14.— Kansas
0, .. Nebraska 6.
CHICAGO, Nov. 14.— Northwestern 0,
Notre Dame 0.
DES-MOINES, Nov. 14.— Drake 32, Grin
nell 0.
TOPEKA, Nov. 14.— Washburn 12, Linds
borg 6.".. ;
Big, Team Suffers Humiliating: De
feat at the Hands of Dartmouth.
HABVABD ELEVEN LOSES.
"Kuhnanbaker." the Stanford yell lead
ers, led the noisy crowd in yells and
songs of all kinds. Each member of the.
team was cheered in turn. When Come
dian Barney Bernard appeared the crowd
yelled as in one voice, "What's the mat
ter with Barney?"
The play itself was dotted with ludi
crous allusions to the college and its fac
ulty. One of the professors who was
seated in the orchestra was openly ac
cused of "queening."
; The good college spirit of tho cardinal
boys was shown when they cheered
"Sunny. Jim" Force, a Berkeley player,
who was injured in the game.
At the close of the last act of the play
both teams were cheered, the Berkeley
team, .however, being alluded to as the
losers.
Vaudeville stunts by representatives of
the Orphtum completed the really excel
lent show. John Morrlrsey, the manager
of the Orpheum. and Phil Hastings, one
time- writer of farces at Berkeley and
also of the Orpheum, directed affairs be
hind the scenes, and as a result the show
went through without a hitch. Those
Implicated In "Under Protest" were:
Rush JUcComas, '04; Mel Jeffress, '04;
Howard Merrill. '04; Pauline McVey, '05:
Walter de Leon. '06; Lew Bulkeley. '05:
Brook Lowe. '06; Herb Baker, -'05; Mark
Daniels. '05; Fred Berry, '03; Mollle Bing
ham. '06; Bert Campbell; vo; c. B. Cox,
'06; Bert Einstein, '06; Dan Fessenden, '06;
Frank Gillelen, '05; Jag Jaggard, '05; Sam
LJlienthal, '05; Clyde Linscott. '06; Archie
Macleish, '05; Mayor Schmidt, '06; Chaun
cey Trlebel. '04; . Wid Widney, '06; Anne
Anloff, '03; Bab Babson, '06; Doc Blsbee,'
'04; Stew Chisholm, '06; C. J. Cox, '05;
Jack Dibert, '04; Stew 8. Hawley, . '03;
Quilly Quilliani. '06; Rusty Rust, '06; Ray
Tyler. '05; LeRoy Smith, ;02. , . ¦'
from a Berkeley standpoint, was the ap
pearance of eleven youths in a costume
that might be worn by a track team
and a football squad. The white shirt was
strictly decollette and the "S" that cov
ered the chest was a clever delineation of
a lobster.
Stanford's Enthusiasts Make Merry
at Fischer's Theater After
the Game.
Berkeley Men Present Comic Opera
at Alhambra and Poke Fun
at Rivals.
SNAPSHOTS OF TWO EXCITING PLAYS DURING YESTERDAY'S GRID-IRON STRUGGLE
Umpire — Mr. .Minds of Pennsylvania. Referee
Mr McClung of Lehlgb. Timer — Mr. Wright-
Ing of Harvard. Touchdowns — Dewitt. Hogan.
Goals — Mitchell. Vetterlein. . Goal from field
— Dewitt. Total . score^ — Princeton 11, Tale 6.
Length of halves^ — 35 minutes..
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Nov. 14.— For the
tenth consecutive time the Harvard fresh
men defeated the Yale freshmen at foot
ball to-day, by. a score of 17 to 6.
The weather, unpromising early In the
day, cleared before the game began, and
throughout, tho afternoon was all that
could be desired. Nearly 30,000 spectators
watched the game. The line-up:
Yale. Position. Princeton.
Rafterty Left end: .Davis
Klnney Left tackle Cooney
Batchelder Left guard Dillon
Roraback Center. . : Short
Bloomer-Miller Right guard Dewitt
Hogan ¦ Right tackle. Reed
Shevlln - Right end Henry-
Rockwell ••• Quarterback. ... Vetterlein,
. Burke
Mitchell-Bowman. . .Lef t halfback.. .Kafer- Kins
Metcalf Right halfback Hart,
. > Vetterlein
Farmer-Owsley Fullback Miller
Princeton could not cope with Yale's
stonewall defense and the play was
Jargely in orange territory.
In the second half, as In the first, Yale's
superiority of offense was apparent. Cap
tain RafCerty's men. rushed the ball with
irresistible ; force toward the orange goal
line and twice, with touchdowns in sight,
the sons of Yale fumbled grievously.
The battle was waged furiously and the
Yale men were the first to show the ef
fects of the struggle. Princeton resorted
to the kicking game, and with but five
minutes to play, another Yale fumble
placed Yale In serious trouble near
her goal line. Luckily for Yale, one of
her own men fell on the ball, but Bow
man, the Yale back, was^ forced to kick
from behind his own goal line.
He punted well to Yale's 42-yard line.
Vetterlein, who was playing back for
Princeton; caught the ball and with great
presence of mind heeled the catch for a
kick from, placement. With the score still
C to 6, the great crowd was breathless
while Dewitt prepared to try for goal at
a slight angle. The distance seemed for
bidding, but Dewitt was superbly equal
to the occasion and shot the ball between
the goal posts in masterly style, thereby
insuring Princeton its first victory in
football over. Yale since 1S99. The game
afforded something of an anomaly. In
view of the fact that Yale, the defeated
team, gained the greater distance both in
bucking and in rushing. Mitchell, the
Yale back, outpunted Dewitt unmistak
ably. Indeed,- Princeton's captain ap
parently had an off day. He punted poor
ly and three tlme3 failed dismally In at
tempts at drop-kicking. In rushing Yale
was much superior. Princeton, however,
was able to handle the ball more cleverly
and was never slow to take advantage of
Yale's mlsplays. •
The play was clean throughout and no
penalties for roughing were imposed.
Yale was penalized four times for offside
play or ' holding. Princeto nescaped pun
ishment of this kind, T a\
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Nov. 14.—
Yale went down, to defeat be
fore the men of Princeton to-day
In the annual football game on
Yals field by a score of 11 to 6.
The contest, which was one of the most
spectacular ever witnessed on Yale's grid
iron, was stubbornly fought throughout.
Until the last five minutes of play, when
Dewitt, the Princeton captain, kicked a
marvelous goal from placement and
broke the tied score of 6 to 6, the result
was in doubt.
Within fourteen minutes from the time
play began Yale had torn through Prince
ton's line consistently and had sent Ho
gan across the line for a touchdown.
Sprott made a punt past the center
frcm the twenty-fire yard line. Overall
ran on a fake kick, but was downed
without ealn. California lost the ball on
fl fumble and Stanford did likewise after
Weller had pushed through for three
yards. Berkeley failed to gain and Over
all kicked to Stanford's ten-yard line.
Weller made a gain, but the next man
was downed and a kick was ordered.
t?prott was too gTosgry to handle the ball,
P'> he was left in line and Dole went back
for the punt. Heitmuller broke through
Sprott, blocked the kick and fell on the
ball. The blu« and gold ribbons fluttered
pally. Overall kicked a somewhat dif
ficult goal.
Dole kicked off forty yards to Overall.
The latter kicked thirty and Stanford
jrot twenty yards because interference
was made with an attempted fair catch.
Dole kicked and Overall returned the
rcmplirnent. Dole caught the pigskin
mid ran back twenty yards. California
he!d for two downs and Dole punted
thirty yards. Overall kicked fifty yards
ever the heads of the Stanford backs. It
Tvas Stanford's ball en her own thirty
yard line.
After an attempt to break through
with tandem plays. Dole kicked forty
yurdf. Snedi^ar came back elgrht yards.
Overall kicked thirty-five yards. Stan
ford had apparently lost heart and failed
*.o make any gains. Dole kicked back
thirty yarfls. After two rushes. Overall
kicked over the heads of the Stanford
backs snir. for forty yards. It was
Stanford's ba.ll on her twenty yard line.
Stanford made slight pains, but kicked.
California was set back for holding and
Bansbach made an attempt at a field
coal, but failed by a wide margin. Berke
ley kicked down the field and Dole sent
the ball back. TVeller was hurt In a
ecriinmage and was replaced by Scholfleld.
¦w ho played •well for the rest of the game.
Overall kicked forty yards after one
plunge and Demerritt landed his man
with a ferocious tackle,
California held and Dole kicked sixty
yards over Mini's head. Overall made
eight yards on a short end run and then
kicked fifty yards over Bansbech's head.
The teams were lining up for a scrim
mage when the whistle announced the
end. The elevens lined up as follows:
California. Stanford.
Hufisoa R- E. L. Clark
Heltmuller .R- T. L. Sprott
Overall. .......... ..R. G. Z-, Thompson
etroud Center Buirermu
Btcw L. G. R Jacobs
Howard *-<• T. P. Shields
Demerritt L. E. R Smith
More Quarter Banabach
Wfclpple-eaefiir&T.. 41. H. B Chalmers
Mini X.. H. B Dole
Ftera-Fcrce -Full 'Weller-Scbolneld
Referee — Diblee. ITcapir* — Dudley. Head
::r.cErr.E_Ti and timekeeper. Dr. Bteckle. Stake
men — Blake and Brown. Score — California 6,
Stanford 6.
CALIFORNIA SCORES.
Sprott k:cke-1- afn»r Stanford had failed
t>-> pain and More ran bark twenty-five
yards aftrr catching th<» bail. He then
tried a quarterback run and lost five
ysrc>. Overall triod a place kick for a
f eld peal from Stanford'? thirty-five yard
line and the B<*rk«*lcy rooters cheered
wildly. Tho officials who watched the
r'ay announced that the ball went be
nrath th*» crossbar and the cardinal pen
rants fluttered as'a.in.
Snedigar and Mini made ten yards.
Stanford was set back five yards for off
side playing, but heid for downs. Sprott
kicked thirty yards and held until Over
all was forced to kick. He sent the pig-
Fkin outside with a gain of thirty-five
yards. It was the cardinal's ball on her
live yards. Berkeley belS for downs and
Bprott was forced to puot." Ine ball went
thirty-fire yards to the center of the
fip!d.
roaches gave their abashed »uplls a grill
ing. Force replaced Stern at full at the
beginning of the second >alf. Berkeley
kicked off to Chalmers, who ran back
During the intermission Lcnagan en
couraged his men and tk'e Berkeley
held for downs and fumbled fpkhwith
wfcen che got the ball. Overall was Just
about to try a field goal from {he twen
ty-five yard line, when th» whistle
founded.
Ccntinned From Page 32, Colunn 5.
Captain Bansbach
Scores After a
Long Run.
Sprints Seventy
Yards . for a /
Touchdown. /
BLUE AND GOLD AND CARDINAL ROOTERS CHEER
FOR THEIR STALWART REPRESENTATIVES ON GRIDIRON
Umpire Dudley Is
Pleased "With
Players.
Says Men Showed
Fine Spirit in
Game.
UMPIRE DUDLEY of Yale, who
assisted Referee Ben Dibblee of
Harvard In yesterday's struggle
on the gridiron, was particularly
pleased with the fine spirit displayed by
the members of both teams throughout
the contest. The officials proved impar
tial in their decisions and were highly
complimented by the captains and by the
coaches of both elevens.
"The teams were evenly matched," said
Umpire Dudley after the game. "Stan
ford displayed the better team work In
the first half. Berkeley was a little faster
Individually In tho second half. The game
was a clean one. The penalties were
never severe and were never given unless
the teams were guilty of offside play or
holding in the line. I did not know the
score until after the game was over. I
was so busy watching the players. Both
teams played a gentlemanly game.
"The feeling was of the best all the
way through. It was a fast game and I
am of the opinion we have good football
material out this way. I cannot Individ
ualize the playing of the men. as I don't
know their names. The. kloklng was fine,
especially in the second half."
Referee Dlbblee proved an activ© of
ficial. He was remarkably fast on his
feet and was close to every play and
sounded his whistle when the ball was
downed. At the close of the game he
expressed his high approval of the teams.
He did not care to make comparisons, but
thought the men on each team were
worthy to try for places on the elevens
put forth by Harvard. Yale. Princeton
and'Comell. He also spoke highly of the
spirit displayed by the men In the heat
of contest.
.Dr. A. C. SteckJe, timekeeper and lines
man, was an Interested spectator of the
game. By reason of his long footBall ex
perience he was able to see the strong
and weak points of both teams. In dis
cussing the game, he said:
"I thought it was a most Interesting
game. Stanford had it over her opponent
in the first half, but Berkeley evened mat
ters In the second half. It was a good,
honest, clean contest. I was surprised at
Berkeley's weak defense. Stanford was
strong in her offensive playing. I thought
Berkeley's line would hold better. Bans
bach's run was particularly fine. Ills
teammates backed him up clerverly and
made the touchdown possible. Overall's
kicking was a little bit off color. He made
some good kicks, but on the whole I
thought he would do better. The penal
ties inflicted on both teams were all right.
Both elevens were eager and as a con
sequence were frequently off-side."
POWER TO APPOINT
LONG'S SUCCESSOR
How Vacancy in Office of Justice or
the Peace May Be
Filled.
Percy V. Long. City Attorn«y-elect.
will vacate the ofSee of Justice of the
Peace on or before the first Monday of
January next in order 'to assume the du
ties of the office to which he was recent
ly elected. It is an open question whether
the power to appoint a Justice of th«
Peace to fill the vacancy resides with the
Mayor or Governor. Many lawyers,
however. Incline to the opinion that the
appointing power rests with the Gov
ernor.
¦.,.¦• = ,¦ »-,- ,v., , - - - - - ¦ ¦ - . .
THE SAN FKJM CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 15. 1903.
Russia ia worse than • a . Texas tenant
who never pays his rent.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 14.— James Edward
Cox to-day pleaded guilty ¦ to having burglar-'
tzed the Golden State Hotel and was sentenced
lo two years' imprisonment at Folsom.
BIGGS, Nov. 14.— The election held* In
Biggs to-day to incur an indebtedness of
$12,000 for a municipal water system and
electric light plant resulted In a vote < of
eighty-eight for the proposition and only
tht-ee opposing votes. ¦
Municipal Ownership.
, SALT LAKE CITY, Nov. 14.— The Car
lisle Indians have agreed to meet the Uni
versity of. Utah football eleven here on
Christmas day providing a suitable guar
.antee.wlll be put up by the local manage
ment. This -will be done. ' The Indians are
coming: west for the purpose of playing
In. California on New Year's day,' and en
rute they ; will meet a number of teams.
Appear Here on New Year's Day and
Will -Meet Other Teams En
Bout© "West.
33
PRINCETON
OUTPLAYS
YALE MEN
Handles the Ball More
Cleverly in Great
Game.
ATM/ HH/PTfiTyM MfTTg.
° I IMIalsze II
zm:-£ujct:ej"X" 9
I fcsv* now concluded my sixteenth P
year as a specialist In men's diseases. H
Both my success la curing 1 difficult n
ca«e* and tho nresent na<cltude of my h
practice far surpass ray earlier hopes. IJ
I now readily curs cases that, tn coin- I
mon with other doctors. I onc« sup- S
posed absolutely Incurable. This Is |
because I fctrve combined stufly with t
practice, and have devised original E
treatments that are far superior to any H
other methods being employed. So E
certain am I that perfect results -will 5j
follov my treatment la every Instance, k
that I make the following; proposal to S
ITotjl Can Fay |
LOST MANHOOD I
I cure functional weakness la mea. t
I know of no other physician curing 91
this ailment. Most doctors treat ¦
wroogly. They give stimulants and | ¦
tonlC9. These things can't cur*. I If
"Weakness" Is a symptom of prostatlc H
9 _ -q *j
O. C. JOSLEN*. M. D., '4
The Leading Specialist. £j
6 -— 6 jj
disorder, and the treatment must be B
local. This Is a truth that I myself S
revealed. I have perfected the only I
system of local treatment that cures R
"weakness." A few doctors orer the J
country claim to cure by the same s
method, but their treatment Is only an M
Imitation of the genuine "Joslen" sys- H
tern. The genuine Is here and Is ad- n
ministered by Its originator. Don't 9
hope to find it elsewhere. I I
Z also core with the same un- a
varying success by my own mod- ¦
era methods Spermatorrhea, Un- 8
natural Losses, Varlcocele and ¦
Hydrocele. Contracted Disorders. 1
Specific Blood Poison, Stricture, a
X will mall you free my pamph- B
let. "Live All Tour Tears a H
Man." "Write for it. Consultation B
free at office or by mall. jj
DR. 0. C. JOSLEN I
Cor. Market and Kurny Streets fj
Private Entrance 703 Market tt. /jOAgLAgp BACSTEACg, Nov. 14. — "Weather cloudy. Track muddy.
r..tOC. yui£T ZiACTZ— Seven furlongs; sellinr; 3-year-o!<2s and up; value to first, 5338.
Index 1 Ilorte and Ormer. lWt!St. U. H- X« Btr. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
r,J9S Captivate. 6 (P. Uliflreth).... Hcl 4 8 4 1 h 1 2^*1 2^1 3 (i*. Jackson. S 9^2
'£ laa of Honpr - 6 (Hamilton). 102 8 5 h A 'A 6 J j « 2 2 2ii ! Ferrell 20 1W
Jr22 l £. aintI >- a <T - Crowe) lOfi 3 4 U;< n -3 » Zb 3 4 I. Powell... 4 5
?'t?f \T<*o Oratiot. 3 (K. Barnra)... 102 5 3h .". 1 4 i a :; n 42 Hlldebrand 8 12
J.'S ? Tnaa s »chem. a U.J.Moran) H7 1 2]>i«h 6 4 4^55 Moran 20 15
r'-n? {T**i, 3 , <J - ?• ptrtte) 1C1 J 82104 9 !i 7 1 (16 J. Lewis... 15 20
££? L 1 tloto « & < H - ¦«"• *!<*«>•. 10M1 H10 4 7 V,l(i 8 2 7 h Frawley ... 3 13-5'
48fi4 Towers. 4 (Stockton). 1051 C 1 1^2 2Vi2 2" 2 5 8 24 Kun* 10 15
44~5 The Couneclor. 3 fCottrm) P7 10 11 11 8 2 9 2 9 *i tW Daly... 40 100
;^ A" 7 ? 88 ?' 1 <A - T ' Dc^oa)-- lOSill 7 h 8 1 7 & 10 6 10 10 [J.T. Sheehn 10 2.'.
4C20 Canejo, 0 (8. Judge) |105i 2 6'n 0 3 11 11 11 |W. Dugan. 8 10
Tin»e— <24%.. :M*». 1420, I:i35i. At post 14 minute. OS at 2:13«4- Captivate, place, 2;
rhow 1 Man place. 4; tbow. 8-5. Saintly, show. 1. Winner. P. HildretWs ch. m. by
Captlre-ru£iilaa<? s L«Et. Trained by p. Hlldreth. Start rood. Won easing up. Soc
ond crlrlrjr Tfclni Ftoppine. Scratched— Redwald. Winner had worked well and
smothered her conn»ny. faintly m n wJ of a race. Sachem requires strong er handling.
r.rJOT. EEOONX* RA.C3 — Futurity course; two-year-olda; value to Unit. $32S.
Inoexj Uor*» and Owner. IWt St. "*£. 14I %. Str. Fia. 'jockey. I Op. el
/^^'5 C ? r>{ 7?° t J- r - *»»«aaa>... 115 8 ..* 1 h 1 1^1 S^l 2 Ferrell .... ~Th 4^5
(?eS^.Pa^aa^A. Jo^pht) 107 4 ... B2 4 2W«i22 I.Powell... « 3
>«* \t^ C J 01 ™ 3 -*™* U0 l •- 6n 3h42 8 1 IW.Daly... 10 23
Sr 0 . 1 ,.*" 1111 *., J - Cooper> 107 9 •••• 7 2>47 3 6 8 4 10 Knapp .... 60 50
iSif J£ 15taJ I 2 Jan <T - G.FVrgruson) 107 6 ... 3h 5n 5 1 0 2% Lorsca .... 10 12
o261 |Cha«. SrhCT.^r <Bla«lnca.me) j 1 04 5 ... 8 2 9 0 6 4 Cro?swalte 60 60
i^v J?* 1 ," 1^! 1 £^ A "'* ter * °»-> 10 * 8 -..» 8 172 7 24 Adkins .:.. 20 80
'?£? ?¦ ff '^VP- <x*™*™*>--- "1 7 ... 2 I%2 5 8n 8 hi 1 C. Sloan... tt 7
S2S2 lLu«tlr <B. Schre'.ber) jlO7 2 ... 4h 6 8 8 n 9 |P. Hall.... 50 60
Tira^rrSH :61. 1:03. l.:14«i. At post 8 minutes. Off at 2:40%. Don. place. 2-6; show, I-R.
Pacua, place. 4-o; *now, 2-6. Sailor, ehow, 6-2. Winner, b. r. by Rancocae-Faithless.
Trtla^d byll-T- Newman. Start rood for all but Sol Smith; won with ease. Second
cleverly. Third crlvlnr. Don Domo laughed in. He ©utclassod the- others. Padna stood
a lonr <?£*?• Bailor Knot will b« untied before long:. Sol Smith a fair mudder. Military
r??^ reUred after testlnr Don Domo.
ft3O9. THTRP RACE-flevea furlongs; telling; 8-y<r-olds and upward; value to first, $325.
*n«tt Horto ana Owner. IWt St. %. %. Btr. Fin. Jockey. | Op. q.
<«09 CtelantJius 0 CMrs. Otfey)... 100 7 3 1 2 8 8 h'i n . 1 a R»e4 .17777 7 10
T;304 ( Mlracle II, « <J. Curl) 103 4 B % 6 2 B 1H4 1 2 4 Knapp 10 IB
ZWt fejj?" Hf/J * "• 1^, Clartor.). 112 »7«7 iy l7 4 2 14 2 H. Stuart.. 80 40
Prlnes dazes, a (El Hen).. 105 68H8 8273oh Otl« « in
4188 Rollick. B <M. .Tone.) M05 6 18 11 n«6n «2UJ Martin" 3 fi"
<4filS) Bard Burn.. 6 fD. 8. Founta)!ll2 2 2 8 n 4 18 2 ? 4 F^rretl 7 iS
iBuccleuth, 4 <B. SchpeIber)..ll05 89 84O 99 D Hall 8 15
hf.^^*^^*, 81^^ 3 voa ln mother .Vrlde or ™o jff f'n
fcls race. Probably too short for Priae» Elates. Race should do Rollick »ood u».
_J|^J^«^«J^^fcljjrock^cT^
r^SO9. FOTJRTH P^CI^^'.'n^; Ope"n7n7^andlcap';^.Vear-ordrana'op; to "first "t28Oo'.
Ingex Hors» aad Owntf. 1 Wt St. U. % . 6 tr. Fin. I Jockey. I Op. Cl.
4e32 fnwila. 8 (C. Tonag) 092 2n2128 1nlii niufllw 7n
.... Schwalb* 4 (B. Schrrtber).. 105 1 1 ?i 1 1U1 2U2 2U2 4 DHall * S ?2
r.259 Kenilworth, 0 (Stover) 119 5 5 8 0 »4 4 U 4 2 3 1 le* " 2 rI
M90 P>en MacDhul. 5 CP. nyan)... 109 6 8 2 8 £ 8 1H3 n 4 n Adklni B 10
(CSiflVart. Nleht, 3 CWllkerson).. 10611 7 % 8 IU.% 14 % xy\ ?u Kna^ "" a in
.... Attnla. 5 (La^asner) m 14 12 H12 2 7 2 7 14 6 2 Frailer"'" lS \%
.... J. <Je Muafl. 4 (S. B. Benfier). 107 8 8 U45 U 9 1 k 2 7 3 PV^i? * a o
SS K^**. • «• J - MoiUlmer). 107 9 10 n 13 2 1? I \ \ \ Tp^welV I 15
4C32 Hortoa. a (Blanchi & McG.).!lO7 10 13 1 14 12 10 £ 0 S. U J^ksca' 8 12
tt24Z) ClaUG«. 8 fit. J. Daly) 114 7 11 a 9 2 10 Wll 10 U J r«St « a
<^ ) (^ ET t2!u 3 t™, 1 *- n! «E'>- 100 13 14 4 10 1^3 *" 1 U 3 J Martin" I 12
48C8 The Frrtter. a (O^Rourke).... 106 4 4-U 4 % 8 \41*> 12 2 Oonj^u in %«
(4848) Rcq«J Roeue. 4 CNealon) 107 12 6 6 7 4 5 V 5 if § w NarvaV. It W
437 5 |^y^if6^ i^ c^>:^j 1^^^ a a w £ b^- .5 ,s
C31O. FIFTH RACE^-Slx'rttri^gT; purse: o iq,^^
Inflexl tad Owntr. JWtl9t.%. H. %. Etr. Ftn. j^e7 Op. a.
IBnrnle Buaton. 5 (ICewmaa).. 107 1 ... 4 4 3 n *i u 1 2 fwITi *~~~ ~1 , „
.... Ulbemarle. 3 (Moshler Co.).. 99 7 ... 7 6 K 3 ? 2 i I ba 8 i5 v
.... (Martinmas. 8 (Hcnshall)..... »9 4 2h 2 3%2 1H3 %1 Knf™ ?2 in
Woha A. Scott. 3 CM. Jones). 105 8 ..I in 1 h 5 U4 4 B h2ii v " « 5 i» ?
««»31) Eplcnrtj, 3 (A. T. Dobson).. 117 3 ." 8 «i 6 n 6^84 ShJh^ S'? J?*5
<4S34)iMU. SchulU. 4 <H. X. Wilson). 106 -2\ ... 8 h 7 4 h 6 114 C %%L 1, "" 6 'a ",*S
46C8 iFort Wayne, 3 (A. Row)../. 102 g - ." 6 h I % 7 7 H QbMeU .""j 6 "
Time— :25H. :C1. 1:18. At port 8 mlwutes. Off at 4-10 Burn!* ' n i.r» *. h. . ».* TT
' F^Wa^rgL hanflIea - »»*«.'**»***• belar c^ei
1^1ir'srXTHllAcg^ol?ra^aTslxt^
Indeil Hor«e *ad Owner. jWtjSt.^. %. «4. Btr. Fin." Jockey. - . Op. a!
(50BS)|Fo«wil. 8 <Parker & Thw.)... 104 2 22 2 8 1 1U1 2 1 XV, Fen-ell ~ — ~i" o
.... Lord Melbourne. 3 (Bender).. 97 6 3 2%S 6 22 2 h 2 5 Olhjhant"" til tl
.... (The Don. a (Mrs. Miller).... 91 1 1 4 I % 8 &¦ 8 4 3 %¦ Conntn *" ' I 8 "5
4532 Mr. Dingle. 3 (Fountain) »3 3 4n B126 20 484i2 Hllderbrnd" e I
629S Chub; m. (Pelter 4t Guthrle)... 103 6.65 4n 4%5265 16 Donovaa \% vn
4355 Conrtable, 4 (Stockton) jlOO 4 6 6 6 6 % Kunz 20 ' «0
Tte«--:25%, :MH. 1:1SH. 1:46. 1:62. At post 1 minute. Off at 4:36. Fossil, place 4.5.
shotr, 1-3. Melbourne, place. 1-2: show, out- Don. ehow. 1-2. Winner, "br k byFreinn'
Falryrtone. Trained by A. B. • Pomeroy.. Scr«tch«l— I OU.-Erne, Grail. Hortonf DtSla
6. Start rood. Won Quite- handily. Second firivinr. third stopping. FosMl Is a clever :
' plater. Xord' Melbourne" «low,to'leaTt th» barrier. Connell tried to r»t» The Don.' Chub
• DENVER. Colo, . Nov. 14- — Adjutant General.
Sherman Bell to-day announced. his Intention. to
resign his position In tha National' Guard and
accept tho management of a mine la Mexico.
Hurttbourne Captures the Continental
Handicap.
"¦NEW YORK. Nov. 14.— Th* looal r*ctn«
season came to a close at Jamaica to-day
Summary: ¦ - • .
Six furloncs, eelllnc— Toxy Kane first. Al
paca second, Biserta third. Time, 1:15,
Mile and a sixteenth, selling- — Arden first
lAdy Potentate second, Homestead third. T1m«,
1:51 3-3. . '
The Riverside handicap, six furlongs — Dolly
Spanker first. Grenade second, St. Valentino
third. Time, 1:15. ¦
Tha Continental handicap, mile and & slx
teenth — Hurstbourne first. Sheriff Bell second.
Ma*terraan third. Time. 1:*9. ¦
Five and one-half furlongs, selling— Rob Star
first, Redman second, Gold Dome third. Tlmo
1:09 8-6. '
Mile and . & furiomr, hsjidlcap— Rlvar Pirate
first. Brigand second, Colonsay third. Time,
1:55 8-5.
CINCINNATI. Nov. 14. — Latonla summary:
Six and one-naif furlongs — Goldflnder first,
Tom Curl second, Wellesley third. Time.
1:23%.
Five furlonrs — Judee Denton first, Riefal
Bt-cond, Oudon third. Time, l:02}J. ...
Handicap, six furlongs — Ocean Dream first,
Tarn o'Shanter second, Red Raven third. Time,
Club Members' cup, two and a' quarter miles
— Reservation flrst. Never Such second. Judsro
Hlmes third. Time. 4:00%.. T
Elx furlomra — Ben Adklns first. Commodore
second, Ralnland third. Time, 1:10. • ¦ j -
One mile — Ethel Wheat first, Gllmore second.
Goo Goo third. Time. 1:44., ,.•
JAMAICA MEETING- ENDS.
BUFFALO, N. Y., Nov: 14.— One person
was killed, four were severely injured and
a number of others, slightly bruised in a
wreck of the East Aurora, accommoda
tion train on the Pennsylvania Railroad
near this city. The engineer, Alonzo Cole,
was burled under his engine and killed.
It was . said that the danger signal was
thrown against the train when it was on
the .bridge, j The engineer stuck to his
post and tried to check the train, but the
distance was? too short.
Crushed Under His Locomotive.
NEW ORLEANS. Nov. 14.— Picked up
in the street before daylight, his clothes
covered with blood, Waldemar Sorokou
moski, better known as Baron von Frie
sen," la In the hospital, probably fatally
wounded. He had been stabbed twice.
Frederick Haynes, a collector, who says
he is from Georgia, and Tim Splckens.
formerly of Thomasville, Oa., are in jail.
Haynes is charged with having done the
cutting. Von Frlesen is a Russian and
claims to have come of a noble family.
He receives • remittances weekly and Is
well known in cotton . circles. . .
Well Known Russian In Ne-w Orleans
Picked Up Bleeding in the
Street.
NOBLEMAN ASSATTLTED
BY UNKNOWN MEN
Joe Harlan and Henry Wendt were
among the losers of the bookmaklng fra
ternity.
Jack Willis took the money for tfie Cal
ifornia Club.
Many claim JFerrell is the cleverest
lightweight riding here.
Associate Judgo Pettlnglll did not arrive
from New York In time to go on the stand
yesterday. His place was filled by Colonel
Lctcher.
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Nov. 14.— The State
Board of Pardons late this afternoon re
fused to commute the sentence of death
imposed upon Peter Mortensen, who mur
dered James R. Hay In December 1901.
and Mortensen will be shot to death In th»
yard of the State Penitentiary at Salt
Lake next Friday.
Utah Board of Pardons Declines to
Commute Sentenca of a
Murderer.
MORTENSEN MUST PAY
THE DEATH PENALTY
THE CALL'S -RACING FORM CHART.
GRAND. RAPIDS. Mich., Nov. 14.— Lant
K. Salisbury, formerly City Attorney, has
confessed to the whole of his connection
with the water scandal of two yearB ago
In this city to Prosecuting Attorney Ward
and more arrests of former Aldermen and
city officials are to follow. This an
nouncement was made in the Superior
Court to-day when Salisbury appeared for
sentence for accepting a bribe. . Sentence
was deferred until tho December term,
the, respondent having promised to be
come a witness In other, cases -which' are
to be brought. The prosecution has not
yet- announced what- arrests will be made.
A prominent official who is in close touch
with the prosecution stated to-day that
the developments in the water scandal
cases were to be of.- so sensational a na
ture that they would make this case the
worst of 'the kind in the history of. the
nation, not even excepting the St. Louis
scandal. , ; • .'. , ' . , j ,
Salisbury, a {few days ago finished a
two years' sentence at the Detroit House
of Correction on the charge of accepting
a bribe.' .=.'.., - . •
Public Official Convicted of Bribery
Promises Some Sensational
Disclosures. .
BIQ SCANDAL BREAKS
IN GRAND RAPIDS
In the fifth event, a six-furlong purse
affair, the Newman stable scored its sec
ond win of the day, this time with Burnie
Bunton. Tho handicappers figured the re
sult to lie between Epicure and John A.
Scott, and neither had a finger in the pie.
Burnie showed unmistakable signs of
soreness, and this caused trye books to lay
3% to 1 against her chances. John A.
Scott, ridden by Hall, and Martinmas
showed the way to tho bend for home.
Before the far turn was reached Bunton
"Big Bill" Knapp. timed his move a
trifle late with the latter horBe, for he
should have won. Anvil, qt 25 to 1, se
cured the show.
body fell. Lee Jackson was at v the helm,
and Meehanus 1 couldn't ran fast enough
to catch a street car. Rollick flattered his
friends by Vhillrig away a few idle mo
ments out in front, when, he blew out a
cylinder and "was left behind. Galanthus,
a 12 to 1 shot, Vrldden by Frankie Reed,
picked up the running midway in the
stretch and lasted just long enough to
get a head decision over Miracle II, an
other lengthy priced one.
KITAPP A TRIFLE LATE.
Stolen bases — Roes, Bplea, Anderson. Error
Corbett. Home run — Francis. Three- basa hit —
Dillon. Two- base hit— Wheeler. First bass
on «rrorm— Portland 1. First baaa on called
balls — Oft Hall 6. oft ThUlman 1. Struck out—
By Hall 2, by ThieJman 8. Left on baaes— Las
Angeles 8, Portland 7. Double plays— Freeman
to Anderson: Corbett to Dillon. Sacrifice hit—
Freeman. Hit by pitcher— Hall. Paused ball
—Spies. Time of Kaine— Two houra. Umpires—
Newten and Shields. ¦ ¦
Los Angelei 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1
Basr hits 2 1 0 2 2 ll"0 0 — 0
Portland 1 110 0000 O—3
Basf hits ..1 2 2 0 0 0 10 0—0
SUMMARY.
Iios Angelas — • i Portland —
AB. R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
Hoy.er.. 4 0 2 1 0 VBrn,cf. 4 1110
,Wh*elr.B 4 112 4 1 2 14 1
Bmlth,3b 4 0 112 Blak*.3b. 4 0 0 0 2
Dillon, lb 4 0 1-13 0 Andsn.2b 3 0 1 4 0
Cra.vth.rf 4 0 10 0 Ndr ou.lf. 3 0 0 • 0 0
Rr»BS.lf.. 4 0 2 2 0 Francis, a 3 11 1 2
Crbett,2b 4 0 0 3 8 Thielm.p 4 0 0 0 0
EVleB.o.. 3 0 14 0 Clark, c. S 0 0 7 1
H«41,p...^8 J» 0 0 0McFld.rf 4 0 10 0
Totals 34 1, 0 20 91 Totals 32 3 ~6 27 11
BUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 14.— Hall's pitch-
Ing would have won to-day's game had he
not given parses to first base at critical
stages. Los Angeles hit the ball much
oftener than Portland, but perfect fielding
by the northerners prevented a score af
ter the first inning. The game r was slow
and without particular featuro. . Score:
Allows Too Many. Passes to First
Base at Critical Stages of
the Game. i
Jackson had the mount on the chestnut
mare and eoon showing In front won gal
loping from Saintly, . a well-backed tip.
El Piloto went to the post a 13 to 5 favor
ite, was never prominent, and pulled up
very lame. .. ...
On his Chicago reputation Don Domo,
the gray flyer owned by J. F. Newman,
looked a legitimate 1 to 3 chance for the
two-year-old number, decided over the
Futurity course. California mud, though,
apparently has its terrors, for 4 to 6 was
laid about the Don, because it was
thought he might get anchored. For Just
about a panel H. L. Frank did make him
sift along. Then Ferrell let out a reef
and the favorite breezed in by a couple
of lengths. Great things were expected of
Padua, the Maxio colt. He did not run
a bad race, beating out Sailor Knot for
the place, but cannot subdue the winner,
rigged as thfy met yesterday.
All the dockers and the paddock con
tingent to a man, almost, went to Meeha
nus when betting opened on the seven
furlong run following. Even money looked
a very 6hort price to accept against the
old rogue, but it was heralded as one of
those things that could not fail, so every-
PITCHER HAI,L LOSES
GAME WITH P0BTLAND
When Waterbury saw he had no chance
he made no effort with Yellow Tall. At
the start Schwalbe caught and broke the
webbing, which later interfered with both
Yellow Tall and Horatius...
James Nealon's Royal Rogue showed
considerable speed in the big race.
Al .Konlgsberg and Johnny Coleman
booked as a firm and quit a small winner.
James Neil, father of Frankie Neil, the
bantam champion, and Alec Hirschberg
booked under the name of the Oakland
Club. - ¦•¦ - -
Nlgrette and Huntressa were added
starters to the handicap.
Albula ran an excellent race in the
handicap,' and It won't be long before the
gelding will be trying on a set of brack
ets.
Bookmaker Hughey Jones figured the
handicap one, two, three. That is pretty
fair "doping."
The uncertain condition of the weather
caused a smaller number of bookmakers
to cut in than otherwise would have done.
Johnny Humphrey's form on tho block
once more looked familiar.
Fred Beauvals, a well-known Chicago
and St. Louis speculator. Is giving Califor
nia a trial for the first time.
Caesar Young placed $230 on Eonlo at an
average price of 20 to L
Fossil, the shifty Fresno three-year-old,
opened an even money chance for the
concluding mile and a sixteenth selling,
event, but Sidney Bender's* Lord Mel
bourne had bo many supporters that the
last named gelding closed an S to 6 fa
vorite. Meantime the price against Fossil
soared to 11 to 5. Connell cut out the run
ning for more than half a mile with The
Don, but his efforts. to place the 91-pound
?r were Ineffective, and Fossil took com
nand. Ollphant on Lord Melbourne did
ill he knew how, but Fossil hold the
Bender entry safe, leading him by the
judges with something to spare. The Don
finished a moderate third, in front of Mr.
Dingle.
was last and things did not look any too
prepossessing for her. But In the stretch,
when the leaders began sprawling out,
Burnie waddled through them, winning
almost 'under restraint from the 40 to 1
shot Albemarle. Tho same odd3 were
quoted against Martinmas, which ran
third. J. T. Sheehan rode Epicure with
poor Judgment. -
JOCKET AND SOME HORSE3 WHICH "WERE PROMINENT AT OAKLAND
TRACK YESTERDAY. WHEN THE WINTER SEASON OF RACING WAS
INAUGURATED BY THE NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
Perry Hlldreth's Captivate had the hon
or of taking the first event of the season.
The distance was seven furlongs and
plenty of 5 to 1 was obtainable. Lee
Ben MacDhui ran in third position to
within a furlong from the wire, where
Kenilworth ' headed him, taking ' show
honors. •
was eprung th« outside horses were slow
to get In motion and Schwalbe and Eonic
soon showed In the lead. Willie See. .who
sometimes does the wrong thing in the
right place and vice versa, had one of his
bad spells and didn't get Kenilworth away
with any marked degree of alacrity.
Later on he got into more trouble with
the favorite than the monkey did when
he tickled the wildcat's ear. See man
aged to get well bumped on the turns and
before reaching the half got hopelessly
pocketed on the rail. At this stage the
bunch was split up Into two divisions.'
Entering the stretch Chandler, aitride
iconic, passed Schwalbe, and while Bar
ney Schreiber's mare responded gamely
to a final call from. D. Hall, it was a
fruitless endeavor, Eonlc winning by half
a length In 1:43*4.
TAKES SHOW HONORS.
SUBV11Y OP THE ODDS.
A survey of the odds would give the
Impression that the brown horse was a
certainty, for the second hcrse. Jack
de Mund, was 8 to 1. Schwalbe, the
«'ntry of Barney Schrelber, warmed up
pore and although the black nsare In her
own sort of going had but 105 pounds to
shoulder, the odds receded from 8 to 12
find IS.
About Eonio and her S3 pounds 25 to 1
could be purchased at the commencement.
Ben MacDhui is called a "sucker horse"
and even his many fast trials while be
ing prepared for the race did not prevent
the Ryan borse'B odds from going from
5 to 10. At Hie post MacDhui did a High
land fling and other things, which con
tributed toward delaying the start, ns
well as endearing him In the affections of
Starter Dick Dwyer. When the barrier
Although the plungers were Inclined to
t-tand in the background until possessed
<t a better line on the horses the fifteen
layers of odds and the two little retail
shops, the field books, complained of no
lack of play. As Don Domo, the gray
streak from Texas, was the only favor
ite to come through, the major portion of
the bookmakers won on the day. The
win of Galanthus was an excellent break
for the ring, but Eonlc, the Opening hand
icap winner. 1 was well nibbled at. both
Ly hfr stable connections end the publio.
With seeming impatience the crowd
watched the first three races run off.
The Mp handicap was plainly the attrac
tion. The gross valuation of the stake
was 52400, of which amount J2S00 went to
tha first horse. It was a plum worth
reaching for, and fifteen owners conclud
ed to take a chance on shaking the tree.
In fact, the field was too bulky and un
wieldy, especially as the distance was
only a mile* and It is regretable tUat it
could not have been reduced to, eay, ten.
Harry Stover's Kenilworth. carrying tliia
top weight, 119 pounds, caught the pop
ular fancy and wan installed favorite at 3.
OONCE before Caesar Young's
mare* Eonic, which captured the
rich opening handicap at 25 to 1
from Schwalbe and Ke'nllworth,
furnished a sensation for the turf world.
The danghter of Eon and Mermaid was a
despised outslfler for the Burns handicap
of 1901 and with Lee Jackson and nine
ty-eight pounds to carry 6he led P.
Ryan's JCon«s and a big field out for the
richest prize cf the California turf. Since
the close cf racing hero last spring
Eonic has put In a •eason of Inactivity
and -though che negotiated miles In 1:40
over the Loa Angeles track recently, this
fact remained a stable secret.
Something of a panlo occurred on tha
ferryboat Bay City, laden down with pas
sengers returning from the races. In
leaving the Blip at the Oakland olds tha
tida caught her and tilted her badly to
port. The frightened women and a few
men on the upper deck immediately mada
matters worse by following the list. Soma
one with more caution than sense ripped
down the slats containing the life pre
servers and started to distribute these
among the passengers. Tho captain
speedily calmed the fears of tha excited.
The boat speedily righted herself and the
alarm died out.
The track was fetlock deep In mud.
After the first race the jockeys came
through the paddock gate splattered so
badly with mire that It would have taken
a chemical analysis to determine
which was the rider and which the mud.
When the sun came out from behind a
bank cf murky clouds It brightened up
the occasion, although It could make no
Impression on the heavy track.
It was a typical race crowd that at
tended the opening. One* who had el
bowed his way through- tha betting ring
or exchanged greetings on the closing
day of last year might have easily Imag
ined racing had never seen an Interrup
tion In California. The familiar figures
were all there, with here and there a
conspicuous outsider. In tho betting ring
there were strangers who are known em
plungers on the big tracks both East and
West. Plenty there were, prominent In
business and professional life, who
thronged the stairs of the grandstand or
made themselves Into rallblrda and took
the spatter from tho track as they
watched the finishes.
Every train was crowded going to tha
track. Despite the football game and
other attractions, there was not a train
on the Berkeley division that did not
belch Its load at the Emeryville track,
continuing until after the second race had
been run.
, V big football game, deprived tha
optnlntf flay of tho New California Jock
ey Club winter race meeting, at Emery
ville, of the usual brilliant Inaugural at
tendance. There were people In plenty
there, the turnstiles having clicked over
the 7000 mane, but from the clubhouse to
the paddock there was lacking the pic
turesque features that ordinarily mark
the opening da/ of the season. No equi
pages dotted %hn Inside field from, which
pretty society women waved dainty greet
ing to the winning horses and their rid
ers. The clubhouse bore a quiet air, al
though the grandstand was fairly filled
with well gowned women and well dre3sed
men.
GRAY skies, threatening a down
pour at any moment, toother
with tho rival attraction of the
Don Domo Is the
Only Winning
Favorite.
Absence of Bright
Coloring Is
\ Apparent.
Kenilworth,Poorly
Ridden by See,
Is Third.
Threatening Skies
Have Effect on
Crowd.
EONIC, A 25 TO 1 SHOT, WITH CHANDLER IN THE SADDLE
DEFEATS SCHWALBE FOR THE RICH OPENING HANDICAP
THE SA35T FBAtf CISCO GALL, SUNDAY, 15, iyO3.
34
FIVE CENTS
BEST 8MOKB ON EARTH
ON SALE EVERYWHERE
\>*^ •
stands alone bccatjsc of its purity
and general high qualities. . • . ? I
It is the best and costliest whiskey i
distilled, but it costs you no more. I
CROMMES &. ULLRICH, W.J. KEARNEY. Representative.
Distillers, 400 Battery Street S. F. §
| CHICAGO, III. Telephone Main 536w 1
_.)/. ADVEBTISEMENTS. "'/ : >^l
13 * ' ¦ I ¦ ¦ "U" 111 * II 1 I m 1 - " '"'.,» -* -j 1 . ;-- . . [ ' ' t I
Eg (Registered) .. ' 1 h
I Retaining .Ilk, .oftnc and »^pc At $5.00 the I
1 under ordinary laundry treatment. " : ' S^.B^
1 SILK VESTS ) c^rli jOOtF JACKETSj
I $1.75 to $7.50 j Sty " sh j $3.50 to $8.50 I
I LINURET is a pure k k£7\h> 1
I LINEN unsurpassed I f^frl i4&Ai I
1^0 r m f i 1 1 i ri g , ' _ . i^' BrmK n'ri'"' I
I sightly; comfortable V r | (
m^~A* t-i 6OGEARY.STREEf I'
durab je. } , ;-;. , ;,^san Francisco, cai..; : ; ;^flCOASTING STEAMER- PASADENA, WHICH IS' REPORTED BY THE
SCHOONER SOUTH BAY AS HAVING BROKEN HER SHAFT. SHE IS
MAKING HER WAY TO SANTA BARBARA UNDER SAII* .^^:'
utes later than at Fort Point; the height of tide
Is the tame at both places. . ,
Movements of Steamers.
'SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 15.
Sun rises • ¦•• .......6:51
Sun sets • 4 : 58
Moon rises ......¦,.2:52 m.'
D Time iTlmel Time ' Time
» Ft. 1 Ft. — — Ft' Ft.
? L W H W L W H W
15 I i:5C 1.3| 8:24 6.7 2:431 0.8 9:20 4^7
16 I 2:371 ' 1.7| 9:06 6.9 8:31 0.3 10:21 4.8
17 1 3-21 «2.0 9:46 6.0 4:18—0.2 11:14 4.9
18 4:04 2.3 10:25 6.0 5:02 —0.5 ...........
H W |L W . H W L W V
19 0:04 4.6 4:45 2.5 11:02 5.9 5:45—0.6
20 i 0:51 4.0[ 5:2C 2.7 11:40 5.b 6:20— 4).5
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the | last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given aro In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes 'the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters. .
'". '¦ Saturday, November : 14. [¦ .- ;
:. . Stmr^ Brcioklyn. Walylg. 36 ; houra from Eu
iStmr Montara, Rellly. 08 hours'*from' :Ta- :
coma. i V •¦''=¦ '--¦.--¦¦ '- - ." ' ¦' ¦ '-;¦ . ' ¦- ¦
•-: Stmr Santa Barbara, ; Zaddart, ¦ 35 hours. from
San.'Pedro.X '-¦¦¦•* ¦'-»"¦.- >-y- :"'¦:- ¦','':,: :
M Stmr iMarshfleld,*Dettmers, 87- hours ?from
Eureka; 1 up 'riv«r direct."';- ?• ", .; . .. - v -
U. Stmr San ' Ma teo. Ro«s, 100 hours ¦ from Ta
comn..; ! _'« ":: .¦.-:¦""-¦.'--'-.' ¦/-¦¦"' : -, -'.. \", :^ .:..'
¦' Btmr Alcaxar, - Martin, IS hoars ¦ from : Point
'Arena.'"- ¦'¦¦-, *¦'*' i.' ¦'>•-.'¦'¦ • ¦¦.'-<'-. --¦*¦:'.;¦ :;;^.-ir :^
Stmr National City, Hammer. 22 hours from
Fort ¦ Bragg. -*.': ¦'' - : "^ ¦.•:¦-¦¦ ~ , r :.,- "¦/-•'-:¦>. 'Vvy?j
-- Stmr "¦ OraenwooaV" Johnson. 22 -• hours - from
Shipping ': Intelligence.
AKRIVED.
¦'¦ NOTE— The high and low waters occur at th»
city front CMlealon- street wharf) about 28 mta-
United States - Coast ¦} and • Geodetic % Survay—
Time and Heights of, High and l«w Waters
at Fort » Polnt/r entrance to San Francisco
. ; Bay. . Published ; : by official . authority ¦¦ of
- the Superintendent. ", :„• - •:": ¦- ¦• . :.
Sun, i Moon " and ' Tide.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc ¦- : Office.' -U.- 8 N ' Mer
chant*' Exchange. San Fraaclscoi' Cal..
November.. 14, 1903 •. ' ¦--,:• - - * ¦
¦ The Time Ball on the tower of r F*iTT
building was dropped exactly, at noon to-day—
1. e.. _at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. v m., Greenwich ; time. . x J: C. -= BURNETT
,- .Lieutenant V. 8.; N.. In charg«. )
Mrs. Muggins— My husband always takes
a day off when he has a birthday.
•Mrs.' Bugglns— And - when you have one
I suppose you take a couple of years off.—
Phlladelpnia Record.
Clara (fishing for a compliment)— This Is
your fourth dance with me. Why don't
you dance with some of the other girls?
Charlle-rWell, the fact Is L dance -so
badly I hate to ask them.— New Yorker.
The steamer ; also carried 24,000 - . lbs . dried
prunes, valued ¦ at $1125. ? for Holland;. 187.459
lbs dried prunes, ¦ valued at $2561, : * for ¦•' Ger
many; 2200 lbs dried fruit/ valued at $110 "for
England, and 1 pkg sheepskins.- valued 1 at'$22
for.France. .-¦ .'.
The steamer San ; Juan, ' which sailed ' yester
day for Panama and way ports. ; carried cargo
for j Mexico valued at $3613; Central "America,
$43,828; Panama. $5620; - New York, $37,456;
Ecuador, $675; ' Peru, $235. The leading ex
ports were as follows: , >;•
• To Mexico — 567 gallons wine, 23 cases whis
ky. SS - boxes 1 fresh fruit, 50 eta potatoes,': 30
cts ' onions, 7.1 pkgs fresh vegetables, "¦- 630 bdls
shocks, 15 pkgs nails. 6 bdls paper, 11 cs ab
sorbent cotton; 1 bdl leather. - .
- To : Central ¦ America — 4628 bbls flour, - 1767
gals 22 cm wine/ 66 cs 15 gals whisky, -13 cs
liquors, BCS lbs tea, 1477 lbs dried fruit. 750
lbs meal, C0r lbs 1 cs ham and bacon/; 1845 lbs
sago/25C9 lbs 2 cs bread/ 202,655 lbs salt, .402
lbs candy, • 1373 ' lbs ¦ 5 . pkgs ¦> raisins, „ 12S2 ' lbs
nuts. 40,648 lbs rice.? 507 lbs 2 cs cheese.. 7752
lbs . spices. 367 - lbs seed,? 160 : cs • canned goods,
22 cs salad . oil, 19 pkgs ¦ groceries and provis- '
ions, 2114 lbs soda. 06 cs salmon. 072 lbs cod
fish, 10 pkgs fresh fruits, 262 pkgs potatoes, 6
pkgs beer. , 16G2" lbs feed, 595 lbs beans. 10 cts
onions, 50 gals brandy, 49 pkgs paste,- 200 lbs
peas. 20, COO lbs cement. 300 ca coal oil. 210
pkgs paints and oils, ' 14 cs drugs, 56 pkgs dry
goods- 5 kegs nails, • 2 cs boots and shoes, 10
bdls 316 bars Iron. , 9 . pkgs mlllwork, 90 flasks
quicksilver, 281 pkgs railroad ' material/''* 115
pkgs machinery. 9 Pkgs . nails, 2 cs* cartridges,
22 pkgs cordage, ¦ 8 bales bags. 9 ca . mineral
water. 0 cs blasting fuse, 1 boat. '-:.-;
To Panama — 630 bbls flour," 270 eta "onions,
30 cts potatoes, 3369 lbs beans, 6000 gals wine,
30 ; cts garlic. 4 > bxs ¦ fresh ¦ fruit, 3 cs ' canned
goods. 3 cs drugs. ' ' • " : ' .
To ; New York — 59,949 gals . 1 cs wine 2706
lbs dry hides. 8863 pigs lead, 1 c« tinfoil.'. ' ;
• To Ecuador — 100 bbls flour. 75 cs whisky. •
To Peru— 1 cs leather.- 1 pkjr machinery, res
hardware. .. ' 1 ">.L!IIIIBg«iliiiiiiiii
Exports by Panama Steamer.
The schooner Carrie and Annie was ; cleared
yesterday for Ponape Caroline Islands, with
an assorted merchandise cargo valued at $6335
and including- the following:
Twenty bbls flour. 0 centals wheat, 122 cases
canned goods. 6873 lbs bread, 4800 lbs . rice.
2269 U>s tobacco. SOO ¦ lbn peas and beans, 5
casks beer, i 30, 775 ft lumber, 15 pkgs grocer
ies and provisions,' 16 pkgs dry goods, 2 bales
bags, 4 cases paints." 1 case medicines,' 53 pkgs
mlllwork.,1 pkg wagon material, 1 bdl canva«.
13 cases stationary. 2 bales' twlne,> 43. pkgs
tools and hardware, ' 13 cases lamp • goods, 4
pkgs nails. 28 boxes soap, 16 cases coal oil.
Exports to Caroline Island's.
It Is coming generally to be admitted,
even In Germany, which Invented the
sanatorium, that its main role in the
treatment of tuberculosis is educative.
Curative it may be, but It Is far more
valuable as a means of Imparting knowl
edge about prevention. Until an anti
tuberculous serum Is discovered preven
tion remains the only efficient means of
dealing with this malady, and It is almost
a pity that its importance should have
been obscured by the "fresh-air" cure.
Of "fresh-air" prevention we cannot hear
too much. With open windows, especially
In the purer air of night, and sufficient
food, one may defy tubercle bacilli. When
the responsible members of the Go%'ern
ment follow the advice of every living
hyglenist. rather than their own Igno
rance, and prohibit public expectoration,
there will soon remain no tubercle bacilli
to defy. Meanwhile a tuberculous patient
dies every seven minutes in this coun
try.—London Chronicle.
Prevention Is Better Than Cure.
Jimmy Britt,
Peer of ell lightweight champions, will
box six rounds at Coney Island, near
Cliff House, this afternoon.
The French bark General Foy, which made
port yesterday, wu chartered prior to arrival
tor wheat to Europe at 21s 3d; If to a direct
port. 20s.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants. '
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Black cats ar« singularly fated to cross
paths. Can you recall a single instance
when a cat of that description ever turned
back or could be frightened into retracing
her steps? She may make a long detour,
but at some point she Intersects your in
tended path, on the scamper, knowing
well her harmful errand. Her apparently
perverse fixity of resolution is, of course,
not her own. In her bosom, as in that
of all feline creatures, burns a spark
from the pit.
The black cat is tha familiar of the
witch and the witch is one of the minis
tering earth-myrmidons of the powers of
darkness. That cat but does the will of a
higher, mind. Black cats are a race apart
from other cats. Did you ever see a black
cat on a dark, night sitting on the fence
top or the coal shed or anywhere, wasting
precious hours in foolish serenades? You
never see anything but white or gray or
tortoiseahell, perhaps mottled cats, en
gaging in such nonsense. No black cats
visible. The black cats are out on their
mission of malevolence, and a swift and
passing glare In the" darkness about as
big as a gooseberry alone betrays their
presence. They have no care to plague
their enemy, man, by merely irritating
his ears when they are the trusted mes
sengers of more dread afflictions.
Other cats travel in line parallel with
your own direction of progress; they play
fully disport along the walk or perhaps
Just inside . the 1 fence, following - you for
blocks, gratefully and affectionately. But
a black cat crosses your path at the first
opportunity. It knows its business.— St.
Louis Globe Democrat. * ¦,
Every traveler - who hasn't an accident
policy will Indorse Engineer Bittman of
the Lake Shore fast mall, who wouldn't
take his train out until a black cat that
had hidden under the engine was captured
and prevented from running across the
track In front of the pilot. The train
was delayed eleven minutes until the cat
could be taken Into custody, but had it
required an hour to deprive her of liberty
the passengers would have cheerfully sat
there, the men smoking their cigars and
the women opening their handbags and re
adjusting the contents two or three dozen
times more. It doesn't so much matter
what the . signs and portents are after
you are fairly Btarted, but it is the first
evil foreshadowing before the Journey is
begun that is freighted with the deepest
dread.
A Discourse on the Most Uncan
ny of All "Hoo-
TO AKItlVE.
Steamer. • From v I' Due.
Cblco ..... Coqullle River ........ Nov. 15
Redondo Hunsboldt ..: Nov. 15
Phoenix. ..... Mendocino Nov. 15
"Wyefleld...... Nanaimo ,'............. Nov. 15
Coronado. . . . . Grays Harbor .Nov. .18
Czarlra....... Coos Bay ............. Nov. 18
Chehalls. . . ... Grays Harbor : Nov. 10
G. Llndauer.. Portland ..".Nov. 16
Pomona...... Humboldt ...(Nov. la-
Columbia Portland & Astoria.... INov. ltf
State of Cal. . San Dieso & Way Port«[Nov. 19
Mackinaw.... Tacoma | Nov. 17
Nevadan. . .... Honolulu .."....*.... ..:.|Nov. 1?
Gaelic. China & Japan .....(Nov. It
Mlneola. . . . . . Tacoma Nov. 18
Hero......... Oyster ' Harbor ........ Nov. 18
8. Monica.... Pan. Pedro- Nov 18
Del Norte...". Crescent City .... Nov.' 18
North Fork. . . Humboldt Nov. is
5° nitli Newport & Way Porta.lNov. is
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom.... INov '¦ is
Umatilla . Fuget Sound Ports |Nov. i»
Abydoe....... Hamburg & Way Ports.lNov. l.H
Iaqua. ....... San Pedro ............ Nov.- 18
City Sydney. . New York via Panama Nov. 19
Corona. ... . . . Humboldt Nov. 10
Point Arena. . Mendocino & Pt Arena Nov"' 19
Rival Wlllapa Harbor .. Nov'' 10
Santn Ro*a... Ban Diego & Way Ports Nov. 10
Nicaria ... Seattle, n ov : 20
G. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria .... Nov" 21
Coos Bay..... Pan Pedro & Way Ports Nov' 22
ti^.l' ' ' ' * " Co08 Bay & Port Ortord Nov! 22
£ ew J > ,V r *"— Gra y» Harbor ........ Nov 22
J. Dollar..... Seattle & Tacoma .... Nov 22
Alliance.. ... Portland & Way Ports. Nov." Xi
Centennial.... Seattle & Tacoma ..'.- Nov 23
Ban Pedro.... Humboldt ............. Nov 23
Marlposa..... Tahiti ...... Nov 23
H U K n Maru"" tl 2° U ? d p °rt"- ¦•¦ Nov! 23
Ai«m" ff 5i China & ; Japan ...... Nov. -24
Alameda..... Honolulu ,.;.........- Nov 24
Newport...... n. Y. via Panama..... Nov.' 25
TO SAIL.
¦ 8team«r. ¦ Destination. Bails. Pier.
x>L, ' j. ' ¦ November ' 15. ~
Keaondo.... Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
Eureka. . . . . Humboldt '......... J) im pier 13
£'„,.«"•••• San-Dleiro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
corona..... Humboldt.... l:30pPier 9
, November 1O. .-¦•: ¦¦¦ , *--;.:;
Coronado... Los Angeles Ports. 1 pm Pier 10
Empire..... Coos Bay.- direct. .. C pm Pier 13
¦Arctic:.".-.-.-. Humboldt ......... 3 am Pier 10
S. Barbara. Seattle : &¦: Olympla 4 pru Pier a
c jL""' r ''¦••*¦ -November ¦: IT. ¦---. | ?¦¦.:-...
Phoenix.... Mendocino "City:... -l'pmlPier'lS
Coos Bay. . San t Pedro ; & Way 9 am Pier 11
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier < 9
November 18. ;.; :„> ,
Arcata.V... Coos B.& Pt.Orford 10 am Pier 13
Korea. ..... China & Japan. ... 1 , pm Pier 40
Chlco.V..... Coqullle River .... Opm Pier a
Pomona..'.. Humboldt 1:30 p Pier v
f. November 19. ¦
Iaqua. . . . . . Humboldt ......... 2 pm jPier 2
tf. Monica.. Grays 'Wafbor. ..'.; .4 pm Pier z
G Llndauer Astoria & Portland 5 pm Pier 28
Sonoma....' 8ydney &.Way Pts. a pm Plar 7
Columbia . . . Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 34
St »^ £<?£ 2o5' ££? ",
N FortV... Humboldt ......... 6 pm Pier S
< November; 21." ,
Pt Arena Point Arena ;...... 4 pm Pier 2
Bo'nita^ . Newport & Way. . ; 9 am Pier 11
Colon ' N.,,Y. via Panama. 12 * m Pier 40
Nevad'an'.'.".' Honolulu t . ........ 8 pm Pier 20
Rival Wlllapa Harbor ..; 4 pm Pier 2
"' ; •:"¦ November ¦ 22. 4 ' ; , ; - * . ; ~:.----i
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier , 0
Rainier *'**. Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
¦ ¦ ;¦ ¦¦'.¦¦' ¦ November 24. • .i. ».;¦,{ :>_;.".-:.¦
! GW Elder Astoria & « Portland 11 am Pier 24
Alliance. .-.'-. Eureka & Coos 'Bay 2 pm Pier 16
November 25. .•¦> |
Gaelic...... China & 1 Jai>»ri s .. . 1 pm| Pier 40
N lcarla.-.T. .J Hamburg; & , Wayr. | 2 ptnlPler 19
-'¦ ; : v from ; SBATiXE. ;. ; - • . ':.'C
¦;¦¦ Steamer.^.^ "--i^ For -' ¦ :--. 1 8*»«- ¦'
'Santa'Anar.:: Cooks Inlet & Wajr Pts.|Nor: 16
Farallon r.~. .V. Skagway A Way Ports.lNov.- 16
Dolphin. ; .". r. Skagway ." & , Way Ports. [Nov. 19 j
Valencia..'.™.. Skagway ft -Way Ports. [Nov.- 19
AI-Ki; ' *TV. :; . • Skagway & Way PorU.INov. 20
Dlrifo.': .".*... Skagway. & ,Way PorU.|Nov.': 24
Cottage City.. Skagway. A a Way Ports. | Nov. p
The derelict Charles Nelson is resting
on the mud in Mission Bay between
Butchertown* and Hunters Point. No
steps have been taken . toward settling
the salvage claim of the' Edith.
The schooner Carrie and Annie, former
ly engaged in missionary work in the
South Seas, but now under charter on
strictly commercial lines, cleared yester
day for Ponape.
The United States training ship Alert
will go up to Mare Island in a few days
to be taken out of -commission.
The arrival of the steamship Siberia is
reported at Yokohama.
I The bark Oregon cleared yesterday for
Ladysmith to make her first voyage for
her new owners.
Water Front Notes.
SUTEBSTITIONS AS
TO BLACK CATS
Rates of reinsurance on the Paris and
Fif eshire were advanced yesterday from
25 to 30 per cent. The overdue list' is as
follows:
Charlonus, Bunbury to United Kingdom,
132 days, 10 per cent.
Daisy,' Belize to United Kingdom; 99
days, 85 per cent.
Fifeshire,' Manila to New Caledonia, 99
days, 30 per cent.
Paris, Hamburg to . Honolulu, 1S9 days,
30 per cent.-
The Overdue List.
The French bark Marie Mollnas, which
left here July 17 for Queenstown,' has been
towed into the River Humber for some
reason not reported.
May Be in. Trouble.
Dispatches received yesterday at the
Merchants' Exchange from London indi
cate that a storm of considerable violence
has visited Algoa Bay. "The British ship
Arranmore, from Astoria, Is reported
ashore and a. total wreck. Other vessels
driven ashore and in more or less danger
of destruction are the British bark Coun
ty Pembroke, the Italian bark Sant An
tonio and the Norwegian barks Two
Brothers and Wayfarer.
Storm at Algoa Bay.
ThePacyic Mail Company's steamship
San Juan, Captain Urry, sailed yesterday
for Panama and way ports with; a full
complement of passengers and 2300 tons
of freight. The cargo included 500 tons
of flour, 250 tons of lead and 1200 barrels
of California wine.
San Juan Takes Departure.
As the park players have become so
numerous of late, it would be well ' at
this time to reclassifj' them. There are
some In the so-called first class who
should be put down a class. With such
men as MacGavin and Smith in the first
class, many of those who have heretofore
figured in it would be completely out
classed. The same may Se said of the
other three classes. As there axe more
than a hundred players who participate
in the tournaments, it is Impossible to
put them Into but four classes. At this
time there should be at least six or eight
classes.
Entries for all the classes will close on
the ISth lnst. The entries for the mixed
doubles will close on the 24th.
The next event on the California Club
courts will be a handicap singles tourna
ment, which will be open to club mem
bers only. It will be played on Thanks
giving day. The tournament committee
is making arrangements for an open
mixed doubles tournament to be . played
on the club courts. The . annual class
singles tournament will be . played . on
New Year's day.
The Golden Gate Tennis Club has sent
out announcements for two events to be
played the latter part of this month. The
first will be a class singles tournament.
Owing to the large entry list the first and
fourth classes will be played on the 22d
lnst., and the second and third classes
on the 29th. On- Thanksgiving day there
¦will be an open mixed doubles event. All
of the good players on both sides of the
bay are expected to participate in this
event.
Most of the balls will be played to Ches
ter Smith. If he handles them as well
as he did last Sunday his team has noth
ing to fear.' Grant Smith was hardly at
his best a week ago, and will play a much
better game to-day. Schmidt had. a good
day last Sunday and played a brilliant
game. He was ably assisted by ; hls
steadier but less brilliant partner; The
match will be three sets out of flv*. '
The event of the week on the tennis
courts will be the final match of the hand
icap doubles tournament commenced on
the California Club courts last Sunday.
It will be played to-day at -2:30 o'clock,
weather permitting. The contestants will
be Herbert Schmidt and Harry Rolfe and
the Smith brothers, Grant and Chester.
The former will play from scratch, while
the latter will be "4-6" back of that mark.
Both teams went through . their
matches rather easily. In one case
Schmidt and Rolfe had some difficulty in
winning. The Smith brothers did not lose
a set. and none was closer than 6-3.
Rolfe and Schmidt beat MacGavln and
Mitchell with odds of "owe 15" in straight
sets. As the Smiths give but "2-C". less
than Mitchell' and MacGavln" did, the
young cracks appear to have. an excellent
chance of winning. Smith and, Smith
went through the Davis cup tournaments
in clever fashion, and won the last four
events straight. They seem to understand
the handicap game thoroughly, and man
age to pull out, no matter what'the odds
against them may be.
When the season opened there were 147
names on the list of players. A week
later ten names were added, and during
the past week eleven more players have
been registered, bringing the total op to
1CS. The following players have Joined
the Pickwick Club: M. Grade. David
Milne, P. P. Wardlaw. John Conception
'transferred from the Independents), W.
8. Field, W. Jenkins and George James,
ex-captain of the Olympic Athletic Club.
Robert W. McDermld (transferred from
the Oakland Hornets) and George Mc-
Pherson have Joined the Albion Rovers.
Fred Somerfleld and George Robertson
have registered with the Vampire. Club.
The Pickwicks will line up in the follow
ing order: H. Williamson, goalkeeper;
Ruahton, left back; Wardlaw, right back;
Douglas, left halfback; Furber, center
halfback; Robertson, right halfback; Con
ception, outside left: Bowcock. inside left;
Waters, center forward; Field, inside
right; Walker, outside right.
The Independent eleven will occupy the
following positions: Forbes, goalkeeper;
Lynch, left back; Mechels, right back; A.
Smith, left halfback: McGraw, center
halfback; Nolan, right halfback; Arter,
outside left; E. Fay, inside left; Ellis,
center forward; T. Fay, Inside right; Rus
eell. outside right.
The kick-off will b« at 2:30 In the after
noon. C. W. Irish will referee the match.
At the last executive meeting of the
California Association Football Rererees'
Union the question of dividing the ref- j
erees into grades was discussed, and
though it Is- felt strongly by some that
this course ought to be followed the com
mittee decided against It by a unanimous
vcte. All the referees In the union will
have the same standing. Arthur Robin
con cpoke strongly against the plan of
classification, and Harry Roberts support
ed him.
At the cricket ground at Webster street,
Alaineda, the Oakland Hornets will play
the Vampires.
The Hornets will line up in the Tollow-
Ir.g order: C. C. Y. Williamson, goalkeep
er; Pomroy, left back; Shand, right back;
McKay, left halfback; Chambers, center
halfback; Bird, right halfback; Arnold
Hunter, outside left; Mildred, Inside left;
Co well, center forward; Douglas Ersklne,
:nslde right; Lackle, outside right.
The positions of the Vampire eleven fol-
Jow: Alrth, goalkeeper; Petersen, left
back; Martin, right back; Langdale, left
halfback; Glarner, center halfback; Har
wood, right halfback; Wilding, ontside
left; R. H. Turner, Inside left; Kay, cen
ter forward: Weaver, Inside right; Sho
v.ell, outside right.
The kick-off will be at 2:30 p. m., and J.
Casson of the Albion Rovers will referee
the game.
On the Presidio Athletic Grounds the
Pickwick eleven will meet the Independ
ent team.
Three niatchea will be played to-day
in the series for the championship of' the
California Association Football Leagae.
At Idora Park. Oakland, beginning at
2:30 p. m., the Albion Rovers wi9 play
the Thistles. In the match played last
Sunday on the Presidio Athletic
between these two teams the Thistles won
with ease, the Rovers not securing a sin
gle goal. The large score made by the
Thistles was almost wholly <due to tho
Rovers' lack of a competent goalkeeper.
In to-morrow's match McPherson, who
kept goal most efficiently last season, will
be in his old place, and a much closer
contest is expected.
The Albion Rovers wiU line up in the
following order: McPherson, goalkeeper;
Johns, left back; Lancaster, tight back;
Bayne, left halfback; Robertson, center
halfback; McDermld, right halfback;
Churchill, outside left: \ E. Orton, inside
left; Gillchreet, center forward; A. E. Or
ion, lneide right; Bradley, outside right.
The Thistles' team will occupy the fol-
Icwing positions: Lowe, goalkeeper; Tier
ncy, left back; Forrest, right back; Mc-
Gregor, left halfback; Taylor, center half
back; Hunter, right halfback; Smith, out
side left; R. Dlsher, inside left; A. Disher.
center forward; F. Bisher, Inside right;
I .y don, outside right.
Ilenry Roberts will referee the match.
Smith Brothers and Rolfe
and Schmidt Are Op
ponents.
. A heavy southeaster swept the bay ear
ly yesterday morning «, and -'involved:. 'the
American ship Alex. Gibson ¦. and ;¦: the
French ship Leon Blum In a mix-up that
required the services of eight towboats
to straighten out. Mission Bay was stirred
to a mud-colorcdV,foam by the sweep of
the gale and if assistance and plenty : of
it -had not been available serious damage
would \ have resulted • from the collision.
As it was the Gibson; had her channels
damaged and both vessels were badly
scraped. '. ';-^--
When off Point .Reyes early .yesterday
morning the National City's" deck Uoad
was thumped loose.by the, pounding _ seas
and slammed with irresistible force
against the port forward rigging, which' it
carried away. • • '. " . • - .
The coasting steamer Pasadena is an
other victim of marine misadventure. ' She
has broken her shaft and is making the
best way she can under : sail to , Santa
Barbara. She was bound from San Pe
dro for "Eureka -when the • accident 1 oc
curred. ;News,of her, predicament .was
brought by the -steam schooner South
Bay, -which arrived yesterday from Re
dondo, and reported- having / spoken j the
Pasadena at 7:30 a. m. Friday. ,; .'? ?..
manyfold to the dangers of coast
navigation and' nearly: every -recent ;ar^
rival bears some mark of the storm's fury.
The latest victim of . the . high wind and
heavy seas is the steam schooner Na
tional* City, . which arrived , yesterday,
twenty-two hoWs f rom * Fort . Bragg." .-: ¦
THE* strong southeaster, which, t for
. come days past, has : been ". vent
ing its wrath in squalls and' rales
of varying - violence, . hM - added
Three Contests Will Be Held
To-day on as Many
Fields. /
Final Match in Handi
/cap Tennis Will Be
/ Played To-Day.
Association Game Gains
Much in Playing
Strength-
MANY RECRUITS
FOR FOOTBALL
RACKETS TO FLY
ON CLUB COURTS
DISASTER FOLLOWS IN WAKE
OF A STRONG SOUTHEASTER
Steam Schooner National Gity Has Her Deck Load Jhumped Loose
by Pounding of the; Seas Off Point Reyes and" Arrives in Port
With Rigging G^riedA\yay™Cbaster> Pasadena- B
NORTHERN LAD
FAILS TO SCORE
OLD NEWSPAPER
FILES IN BRITAIN
Building of a House at
Hendon tVstore the
Printed Matter.
The Kansas Greyhound
Disappoints His
"Backers.
Black Coon, Special, Si?kyou,
and Royal Friend Are
"7 Fancied. .
Interesting Fact3 Concerning
Publications in tha Past
Four Centuries.
./The treasures of newspaper history, in
which the British /Museum is so rich,
will. It goes without saying, abide where
they are. Nobody is likely to be consult
ing the Mercurlus Gallobelgicus of 1533,
in the sense in which files are being con
sulted. That copy of the forerunner of
newspapers, as it is regarded, stands by
itself.- strange curiosity. So does the
spurious* English Mercurle of about the
same period, and the Weekley Newes of
fully thirty years later. The Mercu/i:i«
Pollticus of September 2, 1658, had an
account of the death of Oliver Cromwell.
By January. 1661, the Mercurlus Publl
cus was describing the hanging of the
bodies of Cromwell and Ireton.
Between times the restoration had
come, and on May 30. 1660. the Mercurius
Publlcus reported the oroclamation of
Charles II as King. Then Sir .Roger
L'Estrange was editing the Intelligencer,
in August. 1663, and by , 1663 the Oxford
Gazette, which afterward became our
trusty London Gazette, was being issued.
It does not describe fires nowadays, but
in Its eighty- fifth number it gave an ac
count of the great fire of London.
They have 1-cent papers in America,
but there was a London Farthing Post
at so remote a date as December. 1713.
If that was the first farthing newspaper
the Daily- Courant of March. 1702 or 1703.
is believed to have been the 'first daily.
You might read the story. of the stamp
act and its abolition on the face of the
newspaper files at the British Museum.
••Junlus' " first letter is there in the
Public Advertiser, and the Times, ten
years after it had begun to appear, re
ports a case where a man was fined £5
for letting people sit In his rooms and
read his papers at a charge of a penny
each.— London Chronicle.
In 1900 the author of such sets ' con
tributed by London was 1226; by provin
cial England, Wales and the Channel
Islands, 1G64; by Scotland. 2S8. and by Ire
land, 222. These figures show a total of
3400 sets, representing 220,369 single num
bers of papers and kindred publications.
The number of sets in 1890 was 2472. and
the- single numbers of papers 170.833— a
striking increase in the ten years. For
1901 the sets numbered 3170. and the single
numbers 208.5S2. Last year the number of
sets was 3222, comprising 199,067 single
numbers. It is worth noting that of these
sets rather more than a third were pub
lished in London and the suburbs. When
colonial and foreign newspapers are added
It will be seen what a harvest flows to the
museum. Every twelve months It liter
ally gathers into its now well filled vast
ness huge loads of, printed paper.
Yet so carefully kept are the files that
they can readily bo consulted, even when
they are purely local papers. The gen
eral reader does not want them, but it is
interesting to learn that perhaps they
are most frequently needed for their re
ports of law cases.
• Old News Files.
His Majesty's office of works Is Just be
ginning. At Hendon, to raise a house in
which tons of newspaper files now at the
British Museum will eventually be depos
ited. There is a whole newspaper land In
the museum— a land from which a file
Of almost any modern English paper caa
be dug-out. Space gets more valuable
at Bloomsbury, and this building ia nec
essary at Hendon for the storage of
"newspapers and other printed matter"
rarely required for use.
• That Is the definition which a parlia
mentary statute applies to the purposes
of the Hendon annex. It also requires
that the "newspapers and printed matter
so removed" shall be made available on
due notice being given ,at the museum.
In other words, the newspapers at Hen
don will be brought to London for refer
ence when they are needed. Needless to
say, the files that are constantly being
needed will not go there at all.
Under the copyright act copies of news
papers and periodicals, as of books, must
be~ sent to the British Museum. 'Tha
newspaper mountain which this has pro
duced can, in the trite phrase, better be
Imagined than described. In fact, it could
not be described, because much of it Is
buried away in the , basements of the
museum. The figures as to the sets of
newspapers and fortnightly and monthly
publications received there are, however,
sufficiently eloquent.
Number of Publications.
To a I»arge Oyster.
Wrapt in calm quiescentness.
Lying-limp upon my plate—
Lo. the frowning fork^of. fat«
Hangs a moment motionless. \
Tell me of your former state-
Did some vandal ¦ kitchen-wight
Dare with oyster knife to smite
This wee house, and scar your cheekt
What a tale you would recite.
Oyster, if you could but speak!
Did you join the actor cliaue— ¦
Was some starfish your delight?
Oyster, If you could but speak! .
Walter, pass the salt; you might
Add Tabasco's pungent bite,
This horseradish is so weak.
Ere you slip from mortal sight,,
Oyster, if you could but speak! • .
—Burgess Johnson, in Harper's Magazine.
schedule symmetrical than because of
any agitation "or any conviction that "it
was necessary. There is no danger of
glutting the market. Farmers are neg
lecting a : great opportunity. In a . sum
mary of recent reports to the State Board
of Agriculture they generally,, confessed
it,* yet, acknowledging the expedient, they
still the inexpedient pursue.— Boston
Transcript. ' >
: In other words, the poultry yard, to a
great extent, is somewhat contemptuously
regarded as a mere incident of his general
business. Sometimes his wife or one of
his children will take hold of that neg
lected . branch and put him to shame
by making it the most profitable feature
of the whole establishment. Yet a delver
in census returns, working for the Brook
lyn Eagle, informs us that last year the
poultry and eggs produced 'and eaten In
the United States were worth more than
all the gold and silver mined in the
world during the same year. Except for
the year 1900, the egg product of this
country has exceeded in value that of its
combined gold and silver output for every
year since 1SS0, which takes in the entire
bonanza period of our history. That, with
the poultry product, also exceeds in value
the = wheat crop of twenty-eight of the
most fruitful ; States and Territories.
Reduced to concrete terms,' in 1S99 the
egg record of this country was 1,290.000,000
dozen. There are\ thirty dozen to a crate,
and 400 crates to a car. so a train of cars
sufficient to accommodate the transporta
tion of all these 1 crates would reach from
Chicago to Washington, a distance of 863
miles, and then . there would remain sev
eral , cars of eggs to spare. In 1900 Iowa
produced 89,000,000 dozen and Ohio 91,000,000,
having a value of over $10,000,000 for each
State. Of course the incubator has con
siderable to do with poultry production,
but' incubators do not; lay eggs. In -a
single ;, year f the value of , the : eggs and
poultry of the country has been as high
as 1280,000.000. ... .>
Think what a hullabaloo has been raised
over . threatened • ruin to ' beat sugar and
wool. How much burning breath has been
expended by the lobbyist and the political
spellbinder in \ appeals If or. higher tariffs
and -protests against] reciprocity proposi
tions. ; Yet in 1902 our whole sugar produc
tion amounted - to : only about $20,000,000,
while -the -wool; industry is only about . a
third as important as the egg and poultry
industry. :. It is only. In quite recent years
that we have thought It worth while to
impose a duty on foreign "^eggs, and when
it « did /come : it was rather • to make • the
Probably the* principal interest ' : felt in
the egg industry by;the average American
citizen lies in the: fact that within the
past six weeks eggs have been working up
from about 30 cents a dozen for the best
quality to close on to 40 cents, to the pur
chasing consumer. This, however. Is not
paying the American hen the respect that
Is her due. She is not only an Important
but wonderfully potential factor of the
agricultural industry of the United States.
Yet even the average : farmer considers
her almost beneath his notice. He leaves
her ' to the women ' and children and be
grudges her almost everything that
makes even the slightest Inroad upon his
ordinary crop : products. To her is as
signed the "stunt" of providing; her own
living, and she must do that by gleaning
behind every regular harvest. After he
has dug and garnered and threshed and
closed his account with each particular
item of production— provided he keeps
such ; an account— the hen can find her
subsistence in what he has overlooked.
Importance of th« Barnyard Bird as
< a Factor in
Life.
THE AMERICAN HEN
AN INCOME s_PBODTJCER
Northern Lad, the young Kansas grey
hound, did , not run up to' expectations
yesterday at Ingleside Coursing Park. He
lnet Lady ¦ Menlo and they ran an unde
cided trial. At the second attempt Lady
Menlo made a runaway win of it, securing
fourteen points to nothing. '¦
¦Northern Alarm, 1 ; a brother of Northern
Lad, showed a great turn of speed, beat
ing • Bonnie, Hughle." •.• • ;
;„ The. dogs' which seem to have the best
chance '-. for 'the . bis - money ; to-day are:
Black -Coon. Royal Friend, Siakiyou, Doc
Burns, ' Northern Alarm; •; the • winner of
the Free Born, Firm -Fellow," course, and
the winner * of . the Homer Boy, special
course. The results of yesterday's run
ning, with Judge Thomas TIerney's of
ficial scores,; follow: •¦ : " .
r Crocket % Boy beat .Trotting , Bob, 7-5;
Mountain Poet beat Magic Stuff, 4-2;
Toronto beat Sofala, 5-0; Glacns beat Bob
R.MO-3; Dorothy M beat Pasha Pleasant,
7-4; Master Clair beat Equator, 13-4; Boots
beat Roxana. 4-2; Black Coon beat Yankee
Boy, J 3-2; * Encore beat May Flush, 14-2;
Young Fearless beat Progresso, 4-3; Little
Lucy beat Lost Girl, 9-3; Prometheus beat
Regal Attire, 3-0; Onward Maud. beat Miss
Green, 7-4; Queen's Motto beat Beauty
Gold, 5-^;, Miss {Wilson beat Tom Hurlick,
3-0; Helen Hayes beat Cremo. 3-2; Clobe
fell beat : Brilliancy, 6-0; • Royal Friend
beat Niobe,9-2; Free Born beat Pure Pearl,
4-3; Firm Fellow beat Agitator, 18-4; Sis
klyou a bye, Topsy Turvey withdrawn;
Belfast beat Our Motto, 5-0; Cubanola
beat Jingle Bells 3-2; Fenll beat Commer
cial Traveler, 5^3; Gold Lily beat Don
Pedro, 8-5; Reta S beat Free From Flaw,
3-0;. Linda Vista beat' Grace W. 5-0;
Braws, Hill beat Tyrone Prince, 17-5;
Slleven'amon beat Our Myra, 3-0; Young
Klamath was beaten by Pacing Billy, 11-6;
Orslna beat Golden Rule, 6-4: Concord
Boy beat Welcome Light. 24-0; Lily
Wright beat St. Cann, 5-2; Rich Argosy
beat Money Musk, 5-4; Tobasco Bob beat
Doreen, 4-0; False Alarm beat Mark
Twain, 3-2; . Real Duchess " beat Maid of
Gawrie, 6-0; Comlque .beat . Maid of
Mercy, 3-1; Northern Alarm beat Bonnie
Hughie, 3-2; Lady Menlo beat Northern
Lad, 14-0; Viking beat Oulda. 7-2; Hesper
beat Balendlne, 4-0; Homer Boy beat Had
dington, 7-0;" Special beat* Krishna, 3-0;
Colored Lady beat Daylight. 6-4; Intruder
beat Little Plunger, 6-3: Doc Burns beat
Idleness, 3-2; Good Decision beat Little
Albion.' ' * " " '
' Stmr Mandalay, Payne, 43 hours from Cres
cent city. < < * "V
r Stmr Czarina, Johnson. 52 hours from Coos
•Bay. i ¦ ... )¦:;<¦¦¦ ¦: ¦> --,...;
Btnir Whittier.'Macdonald. 36 hours from
Ventura; up ' river direct. - :.§p«S^s*S8ra$ij*53GS
¦Stmr South' Bay, Jamleson, 42 hours ¦ from
Redondo. - ,- ¦ ¦ - •
Tug Dtflance, 'Jamee, from cruise In search
of waterlogged atmr Chas Nelson. >¦•:"' 'jz .
.• . CLEARED.
' Saturday, November 14. -
Stmr Corona, Eagles, Eureka; Pacific Coast
Steamship . Co. .
Stmr San' Juan, Urry, Panama; Pacific Mail
Steamship : Co. -
Stmr Aztec, Robinson, Tacoma; Pacific Mall
8teamshln Co. \
':"Nor stmr Tltania, Eeenes. Nanalmo; West
ern Fuel " Co. •>.,.¦
-Bark Oreeon. Barker. Lady smith; R Duns
muir's Sons Co. • i -
Schr Carrie and Annie,' Ekrem, Ponape; D
EtBchert. • " , -'.;%--
SAILED.
Saturday, November 14.
Stmr Centennial. Glllesnle, r Seattle.
Stmr Noyo, ¦• Ellefsen. Fort Bragg. \
« Stmr Aberdeen. Daniels, s Astoria. • «.
Stmr Whltesboro, Olaen, Greenwood. - •
, ."- Stmr. Point Arena. Miller, Mendocino.
f Ptmr Brunswick, Johnson, Fort Bragg. : iJ ,
Stmr, Geo ,W Elder. Randall, Astoria.
Stmr Ban Juan, Urry, . Panama 'and f way
¦ports. . , ' - - ¦, . • - / : -
.: - Stmr South Bay," Jarolrson, ¦ Eureka. /, < <
v Stmr. Newsboy, Adler. • Eureka. />
Stmr San Pednx ¦ Andresen. Eureka. : ¦ .
¦ Stmr : Mandalay, Payne. San Diego.
. SPOKEN.
Nov 8. lat 47 Nf Ion 13 W, Ger bark Echur
bek, from Hamburff, for, Santa Rosalia.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Nov 14. 10 o m— Weather
clear; wind W, velocity. 2« miles per hour.
¦ ; • DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA— Arrived Nov 14— Bktn: Addenda,
hence Nov 5. . :- ' .
Sailed Nov 14 — Stmr Columbia, ; for San
Francisco. i i.».-- :
' TATOOSH— Passed In' Nov- 14— Stmr Ameri
can, hence Nov ¦ 11, for Seattle; stmr Queen,
hence Nov -for Victoria. •
. EVERETT— Sailed Nov 14— Stmr Geo Loo
mis, for San Francisco. >¦'-.-¦ :¦ ¦
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Nov f 14— Br ship
Cnxr.buskenneth, from Port Blakeley. -
' SAN PEDKO— Arrived Nov 14— Schr; Lud-
Iow, .from Everett; »chr Muriel, from Everett.
Sailed Nov 14— Stmr Prentiss, for San Fran
> PORT HARFORD— Sailed Nov 15. 1 a m—
Stmr Bonlta. for. San Pedro; stmr Coos Bay,
for ¦ San* Franclaoo. ">• ' . _ '•
CLALLAM BAY— In. port Nov 14— Bktn
Newsboy, from Anacortes, . for San Pedro; schr
Expansion, from* Tacoma/ for San .Pedro.
PORT' HADLOCK— Arrived Nov 14— Stmr
Rainier, from Whatcom. ¦ ¦" . ' "•— •
Sailed Nov J4 — Schr C Kennedy, for -.
PORT - BLAKELEY— Arrived Nov 14— Br
stmr Tottenham,, from Port Gamble.
WHATCOM— SallPd Nov, 14— Stmr Rainier,
for San Francisco. -' -/-, -i - - /.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Nov 14— Br stmr
Tottenham, for Port Blakeley.
ISLAND PORTS. ,
HONOLULU— Sailed Nov 13— Bark Mohican,
for San Francisco; Br. shiD ¦¦ Fleur de Us, for
. 'Arrived Nov 14— Bark Olympic, hence Oct 24.
MAKAWELJ — Arrived , Nov . 11 — Ital ship
Agostlno Terrlzona, ; f rom Newcastle. Aue. - -."
¦MANILA — Arrived Oct 29 — Br stmr Sngami,
from New York. : -. ' \ '...-..
¦ : Arrived ;Nov 13 — Br stmr St Fillans, from
New. York. • ¦ •
EASTERN PORTS.
i SAVANNAH— Arrived Nov 13— Ital bark
Margherita, from Pisagua, ' ' . '
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Arrived Nov
13— Br ; ship- Johanna, from Hollo,
v.* FOREIGN PORTS.
V ANTOFOGASTA— Arrived Oct 30— Br bark
Armadale," from Acapulco. • -;•*
CALLAO— Sailed Oct 27— Ger «hli> Osorno,
for = nitrate ports. - ¦ ' .
. COQUIMBO— Sailed , Oct 28— Ger shlo CarL
for Iqulque. * i * r '^-«3,T«"p«^*«ffl««*»^We^B!B*BS
-. VALTARAISO — Salled-^Oer ttmr Denderah,
for " Hamburg. •
¦ (GUAYAQUIL— Sailed Nov 14— Ger stmr Ser
bia; for - San Francisco. ; -V *.;•••- "
s HONGKONd — Arrived prior to Nov 14— Br
stmr N Ing- Chow,* from Tacoma; Jap stmr Nip
pon Maru. • hence ¦ Oct 15. ¦, -
NEWCASTLE, "Aus — Sailed Nov ia— Schr
Ariel," for Kahulul.'- r ; --;...., -.
; YOKOHAMA — Arrived ; prior to Nov 14— Br
stmr • I<owther ; Castle, . from ¦ New York ; stmr
Siberia, hence Oct 23, via Honolulu; stmr Tre
mont, -'from ¦¦ Tacoma. :• •¦
There -Were a Enough. Inside.
In England the Lord Chancellor/ by vir
tue of his office, has a right to Inspect all
public j asylums v and * hospitals.-, One day
while T the; late' Lord Herschell was paying
a visit ' at j the! house of a'; friend near. Nor
wich' he went] for an afternoon . stroll,* and
happened'- to}fpass>byjthe?grreat ! insane
asylum * at that ; place, the ' thought struck
him that: this was a good; time to perform
an official ¦ duty. Incidentally, t it ' may \ be
said [ that Herschell bore the i reputation of
being I somewhat * pompous i at * times.' : He
knocked ;atlthedoor,\whlch/' after, a long
delay,\was * opened / by an ; ; attendant.
''.* "You; can't' come*' in,", he : was : informed."
"It's ; not 1 , visiting: 'nours.'.'.-T/ " .'....'
I LVThat * makes ' no [difference. . ': I ' shall In-,
spect;^ this I institution^ just the same."
,;-"Indeed^but! you'll not." .'¦ "/ ;.T ' -' '¦/¦¦
J 5 "Come; J come,* my: good i man; I'm • the
Lord i Chancellor," *• Herschell ' expostulated. '
; ? "Oh,, that's t all*' right,"; : answered the
functlonary,i*'we've four of you inside al
ready. "^-Success. :/>':*¦'
Will— She • '¦ takes a - very : email , shoe,
doesn'trsbe? L v' •
>Nell-Oh^yes.r "
¦¦.:>', -, : ; .-. -. ) -iv / \ >
Nell-r-Two* sizes i smaller ' than i her fobt.-r-
Philadelphia^ Ixsdger/^ ;: '.:
: "Ten,' sir," ' replied I the badg-ered j states
man. , "I ~ can ,. tell you : my.;, political I plat-?
form'ln one word." \ , ' ¦ ;:
' "Pray; do." -,:;%* ,
-'.'Spoils."— Baltimore American.
: The total ; commerce iot~ Abyssinia is
about $9,500,000 a; year. ;; . 1-". -'./V
THE FAN CALL; SUNDAY. KO^EMBER 15; ,1903.
35
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
rsH2SSaaaEB3[BGBHaHlBffiBBH aaHEEHE3BHBHBBBHBBiaBlB
s \ . . . .¦ §
** Our practice has grown until we have been forced to g
B employ an additional; physician. This is because we have cured a
B :»3bbbbBbsB5' jB*BBjjW^BjBJy»9(BHBjS^ B
¦ everv case taken. We can cure you, as we have done for hun- H
B " ¦',-:.. '-'^' : - '¦¦¦y-.:-~- - .-'.;¦ •¦
B dreds. Call and get names and addresses of cures. Gonsulta- 3
§ tion is free. No pay- till cured. . gj
FIDELITY RUPTURE CURE I
5 1344 Market Street, San Francisco. , S
EKBBCEZCSSBCBBBEBBBBBBEBBBHBEBBBHsiaBBBBBBBBBB0 ,
- , . ADVERTISEMENTS. *
Q Men, Read This !
$50000 REWARD
JS& for any case of I.OST POWXB or TXTAXBJBD TXaOS ths4
. . ' • Dr. Iiawrence's new Perfected >.
? Vacuiyini Developer
"•1 ' -i Cannot restore; of for any casa of Shrunken. DebUlt*t«d or Weak Or-
;R . -gans -that; this .wonderful Perfected .Vacuum Treatment falls to develop
£ EL ) to normal proportions. It also permanently curt' Varlcocele. Premature-
• ¦ - - ness. Drains, t Stricture." Prostattc .Troublaa. etc.
W/ - ".--"¦"¦• . .SXITT FBEE on ten days' trial and apnror*!.
Its effect is positive and scientific. It Is beyond question the greatest INV1GORA-
TOR the world has ever known. A 8IMPLE,* CONVE>aENT. -AND PUBASAIsT
HOME TREATMENT.. _.- : : — - ¦¦ -
, Call or.write for illustrated book 6. FOR MEN OXLT. showing male system and
'* : explaining our Perfected Vacuum Treatment.""' Sent : plain sealed. FREE. .: •
, 'ALL. DISEASES OF MEN. Contracted Disorders. : etc.. :-, ««cce?sfully treated at our
. ;• office. iOor physlctana are trained specialists and use only b«et modern methods.
"• Consultation free. Hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays, 10 to 1. \
v NO MONET | REQUIRED UNTII* CCRED. , .
HE/VL.THH /APPLIANGE <?O. f
' 6 i°! f:ARRELl - ST " Near Market San rranclsco.THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL. SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1903.
Many friends of Mr. and Mrs. D. Linder
A delightful reception was given to N.
Meyer, late of Washington,' D. C., at the
residence of Mr. and Mrs. H. Gallon, 1969
Eddy street, on Tuesday, November 10.
Several pleasing musical selections were
rendered by the Misses Gehrels and sup
per was served by Mrs. Gallon and her
sister, Miss C. Glrmleller. The supper
rooms were all in red and lighted with
Email lanterns. The following were pres
ent: Mr. and Mrs. H. Gallon, Miss C.
Glrmleller, N. Meyer,' Miss Bei>t Gehrels,
Miss Lily Gehrels, Mrs.: Gehrels, Mr. and
Mrs. M. Meyers, Mrs.' Baches, Mr. and
Mrs. B. Sellg, Mr. and Mrs. W. Brown,
Miss Hattie Bennett, Miss Tina 1 Lohman,
Miss Emeline FTey, Miss L. Sherick, Miss
Flo Austin,' MIbs Tina Austin, Miss
Roberta Graves, Miss Bell Rumassa,' Miss
Emily Chamberlain, Mrs. Mlchelson, Miss
Michelsen, Louis Mlchelsen, V Dr. A. C.
Bennett, Edwin C. Morehouse, Harry Gal
lon, Sydney Marshall, Gustav Gallon, Dr.
and Mrs. Traverse and Charles W. Dixon.
• • •
-' Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Halloran gave a din
ner at their residence, 750 Ashbury street,
last evening, the occasion being the com
ing of age of their eldest son, Arthur H.
Halloran, the guests being: members of his
fraternity at the University of California,
among whom were: W. W. Hobart, B.
K. Stroud, F. B. Kellogg, C. P. Boone, M.
R. Daniells, L. J. Miller, P. L. Wicks, C.
J. Cox, F. G. Crane. Roy Littleton. Wil
liam F. Boyken. C. M. Smille, F. S. Mc-
Allister, J. K. Firth, J. B. Reddlck. Fred
I* Johnston, Robert D. Pike, Whitman
Prentlss, Howard Platt, J. D. McGavin,
F. M. N. Hamilton, M. C." Mliton, A. S.
Bunnell, Robert Ritchie, M. H. Wlckson,
H. F. Wayne.
Home Parties.
The alumni '.of the' Chicago Business
College held an annual social on Thursday
evening..: the ,12th lnst, at Golden Gate
Hall, 625 Sutter street. .The variots com
mittees made tho . affair,; most* enjoyable
for. all present' ; An' exceedingly fine pro
gramme was arranged and delightful mu
sic was rendered by, Hynes' band.
? ,- • •
The following ladles and\ gentlemen
comprise* the club: Mrs. George E. Moore,
Mrs. Smith, Miss Maybelle Wilbur, Miss
Sophie Asmus," Miss Norma Dagenais,
Miss Ella Craig, Messrs. George E. Moore,
William- Kells, Frank Spencer, George
Bush, Mr. Smith and William Fenster
macher. v -
The next meeting of the club will be
held at the home of Miss Asmus, 835 Fill
more street. •¦ ~. . .
The Le Deuze Whist Club has been re
organized for the season of 1903-04, and
held Its first meeting on Thursday even
ing, November 5, at the home of Mrs.
George E. Moore, 48 Pierce street. Miss
Norma Dagenals scored the highest num
ber of points for the evening. After, the
game was finished supper was served,
after which the following vaudeville pro
gramme was rendered: - Piano solo, Miss
Mabel: Wilbur; specialties, George Bush;
eoprano solo Miss Dagenals; Spanish
dance, Miss Sophie^Asmus; recitations,
.Frank Spencer; singing of the prologue
from "I Pagliacd," William Kells. For
an encore Mr. Kells gave the popular
"Ekahulai."
• • •
The theatrical and dance given by the
San Francisco Debating League at Golden
Gate Hall recently was a great success.
The affair was. very largely attended.
The programme consisted of the follow
ing numbers: Overture, followed by Miss
Caroline Abrams, whose solos were en
thusiastically encored; Miss Schlessiriger,
whistling solo; Mr: Barber, coon special
ties; piano specialties, Ulza E. Fuhs.
The success of the evening was a well
known one-act farce given by the mem
bers of the different clubs, entitled. "Who
la Who x or" All in a.Fog." Those taking
part were Miss Millicent Million Marx as
Cicely, Brambleton's daughter; Miss Mil
dred Edlses as Matilda ilane, a superior
housemaid; Charles H. Greene as Simon
ides Swanhopper, a ! model young bache
lor; Joseph Greene aa Lawrence Laven
der,' a valet, and Albert Jerome Dolllnger
as Mr. Bloomfleld Brambleton, a country
gentleman. All those taking part were
very warmly applauded. The sketch was
very humorous. The. young women in the
sketch were showered with various bou
quets. The programme was concluded
with ten dances and sweet music. The
affair promises ; a good term for the San
Francisco Debating League. The enter
tainment was arranged by the following
committee: Joseph Greene, chairman;
Joseph Samuel, Mr. Lampe, Mr. Heiden
relch. Miss Dlnklage and Miss E. Braun
stein.
The Oak Leaf Club is making prepara
tions to celebrate its second anniversary
on evening next. The affair,
which -is going to 1 be a ball, will take
place in ' Mission Parlor Hall, on Sev
enteenth street, above Valencia. All the
members are . working earnestly and en
thusiastically to make the affair one of
the most enjoyable functions of the win
ter season. -
• * • • '•
dies ' in their first lessons in flinch. The
second Thursday afternoon in each month
will be set apart for the" teaching of up
to-date: games. The club will hold a re
ception to Its members on Thursday after
noon next, ;when , the J prizes for the ' series
will be ; awarded to- the ; following ladles:
Mmes. ; Costello, Joy, Weldon, .Treat,
Standlsh j- Gallagter,' Gussinl, O'Brien and
Miss M. Redell. . All members are request
ed to be present. A number of the ladle
attended the reception on Thursday after
noon given by Mrs. Frank Wheeler.Mar
ston;' ¦' ¦ - ¦ ; ¦¦ " ¦ « ¦'"•-.*¦ ¦•.• ' ". 1
Mr. and Mrs. Herbert L. Nason enter
tained sixty of their friends at their home
on Pago street on Saturday, October 31,
by giving a china wedding to celebrate
the twentieth , anniversary of their mar
riage. The home was artistically, deco
rated with Chinese lanterns, red and yel
low streamers and a profusion of chrys
anthemums. ' The Columbia quartet sang
• • •
met at the family residence, 1150 Guerrero
street, on Saturday evening, October 31,
to congratulate the honored couple on
their having reached the thirtieth anni
versary of their wedding. Elegant wed
ding gifts.' including pearls appropriate
to the occasion, were received. . Musical
selections with appropriate songs were
heard, and supper Was served at mid
night. Those present were: Mr. and Mrs.
D. Linder, Mr. and Mrs. H. Henolt, Mr.
and Mrs. C. E. Jones, Mr. and Mrs. Julius
Abrams, Mr. and Mrs. Brown, Mr. and
Mrs. E. Kohen, Mr. and Mrs. E. Phillips,
Mr. and Mrs. Dlnghmund, Mr. and Mrs.
Honn, Mr. and Mrs. Hayes, Miss Bertha
Linder. Misses Josle and Lillie Smith. Mrs.
A. Dixon, Miss M. Boyson, B. C. Roberts,
W. Leary, M. Abrams, Dr. A. C; Bennett,
G. .W. Cavanagh, Tom Fink, George
Hart, B. Kenniff, R. Kennlff, J. Werner,
Charles W. Dixon, the Misses K. Kenney,
K. Powers, J. Neil, Julia White and Mae
Hannon, Miss Powers, - Mr.. McCarthy, J.
Witt, M. Brickall, W. Bragg, M. Genslar.
Mr. Reed, R. U. Connelly. C. Yearian,
Charles Linder, the Mteses Messiers and
the grandchildren of Mr. and Mrs. Un
der. ,-v-i/--
The new French duel code, which is the
work of Prince Blbesco, provides that in
the future no duel can end without the
shedding of blood, and no account of the
proceedings shall be published If the In
sult causing the duel was not public.
The • California .Women's Whist; League
played straight whist on .Monday, after
noon, entertaining a number; of visitors,
many expressing a .deslre^tO;- Join -the
coming series. Mrs.' : Eugene Duffey, fair
ly received an. ovation on. Monday .when
the president announced that she had won
the ' prize. 1 , ' At : a.' regular l meeting [of I the
directors on November 5 the club .was re
ported as being In a flourishing condition
and eleven new members were admitted.
These ladles aro ? requested : ,to qualify as
soon ' as convenient I before j the ; opening 1 of
the next series in order that ; they 1 may^ be
placed satisfactorily." "
.-> On i 1 ; afternoon "the > members
were delightfully,* entertained ¦ by ¦' Mrar E.
B. Grace, who kindly instructed tha la-
The social event of the season for Scot
tish ladles and - gentlemen . and v their,
friends will be held on the evening. of the
30th inst, when St Andrew's day will be
celebrated with a banquet and ball in the
marble and maple rooms of : the Palace
Hotel. After dinner some well known ora
tors will , speak and cablegrams of con
gratulations and good wishes will be read
from similar, meetings In all parts of the
world, " . ' •'.)¦¦
.¦-.-'" • :'* , • . ¦¦•¦ ' - -
Professor Salmon reserves, Friday even
ings for his friends and surrounds him
self with clever and interesting people. It
is needless to say that his Invitations are
being eagerly sought after. Professor
Salmon, who has been In San; Francisco
but a few we*ks. is an artist of , such
breadth, finesse and brilliancy that , his
Interpretations are a welcome addition to
San Francisco's artistic colony. 1
"A Romance," a brilliant piano compo-
Bltlon by the host; "A Paraphrase," a la
Liszt; "Elevation," by Floershelm; old
French gavotte, composer unknown; "Ca
price," by Silvester Krause; "Polonaise,"
by Chopin; "Serenade" (Moszkowskl),
Professor Salmon; French songs, "Spring
Bong" (Relnecke), Miss Eleanor Connell;
duet, "Calm as the Night" (Goetz), Miss
Connell and Mr. Cogswell; songs, (a) "My
Little Love" (Charles B v Hawley), (b)
"Autumn Sadness" . '. (EHhelbert Nebln);
Alfred Cogswell.
Professor . Theodor Salmon was host
at a most enjoyable muslcale on Friday
evening at 546 Sutter street. .Two studios
adjoining Professor \ Salmon's were also
thrown open to the guests — one belonging
to Miss Flora Bell, whose painting and
woodcarving are widely known, : and the
other that of Miss Eleanor Connell, the
talented soprano. About twenty guests,
all artists, musicians or writers, were
cordially received and charmingly enter
tained in the artistic rooms. The follow
ing musical programme was warmly re
ceived by the appreciative listeners: •
Club Parties.
The United States mails are carried ev
erywhere. It would be almost a physical
impossibility for a man to hide himself In
any remote corner of the wor'd without
being discovered at last by some inslgnifl
cact agent of a world-wide service, the
machinery of which operates quietly and
with clock-like regularity. If a bird's-eye
view of the different railroad and steam
ehlp lines which carry the mails could
be taken the giant spider's web thus
formed would appear woven in a pattern
so Intricate that the mind would balk
at the mere suggestion of unraveling It.
And besides the regular steamship and
railroad threads of this maze would ap
pear tens of thousands of cross-lines, rep
resenting pony routes, dog-and-sled
tracks, swift courier and runner "trails"
and even reindeer, whaling-ship and canoe
lines. Every sort of vehicle and beast of
burden and nearly every invention of
man for quick transportation have been
pressed into the postal service, and it is
possible for a letter to go around the
world under conditions so strange that the
mere history of its Journey would form
a story of thrilling interest.
If a man should start from New York
and travel northward to Alaska, then
down the coast to California and take
ehip to Manila, and follow the lines of
travel to Hongkong, to Singapore, to Can
ton, to Tokio, to Vladivostok, to St. Pe
tersburg, to Vienna, to London, to South
Africa, and finally to South America,
touching on the way at several Pacific
<ind south Atlantic islands, and thence
tack to his starting point, he could travel
a distance several times greater than the
circumference of the globe. If he ordered
his mail forwarded to him, and left cor
rect addresses behind at each place, the
letters would dutifully follow him and
finally be delivered to him in New York
a few days after his own arrival there.
All that he would have to pay extra
for this remarkable Journey would be a
dollar or two in tolls, which would rep
resent the charges for forwarding exacted
by come of the countries through which
It passed. There is in the PostoCice De
partment at Washington the envelope of
* letter which traveled In this way 150,000
miles, and another which came safely
through a trip of 125,000 miles. Both are
tTNCLE SA_TS MAILS
KEEP AFTEB YOTJ
They Follow a Traveler All the
Way Around the
World.
"An expedient presented itself to the
King by a swarm of bees on the outside
of a window which he ordered opened.
The bees rushed in the court and alighted
on one of the wreaths, while not a single
one fixed on the other. Sheba was baf
fled and was convinced of the wisdom of
Solomon. Such is the story handed down
that the bee only rests on the natural
beauties and never ilxcs on the painted
flowers, however inimitable the color may
be laid on."— N. O. Times-Democrat.
marked and stamped in a way to baffle
any except a very expert decipherer of
puzzles.— St. Nicholas.
"The Queen, owing to the splendid repu
tation of King Solomon, whose power and
wisdom had spread to the remotest parts
of the world, visited him at his own court.
Presenting herself at the foot of hla
throne, in each of her hands she held a
wreath of flowers— one composed of nat
ural, the other of artificial. Art in the
labor of the mimic wreath had exquisitely
emulated the lively hues of nature, so
that at the distance it was held by the
Queen to exercise the sagacity of the
monarch for his judgment it was deemed
impossible for him to decide which wreath
was the production of nature and which
the work of art. Solomon was for a mo
ment perplexed, yet to be vanquished by
a woman irritated his pride.
"Here Is the legend of the visit of the
Queen of Sheba to King Solomon," said
the Pascagoula Diogenes in the rotunda of
the Great Southern Hotel at Gulfport Sun
day. "The Queen reigned over a people
that lived on the border of the Red Sea
who were the richest In Arabia. They
were represented leading an idle life, ow
ing to the abundance of natural produce
of their country, which afforded the sus
tenance of life, and also frankincense,
myrrh, cinnamon and balsam that gave
them an extensive commerce with other
nations.
How He Exemplified It in the Pres
ence of the Queen of
Sheba.
WONDEBCTTL WISDOM
OF KING SOLOMON
• • •
At the home of Mr. and Mrs. August
D. Spllvalo, on Tuesday, November 3,
their daughter, Estelle, was married to
Dave J. Martin. '
The marriage of Miss Margaret Ander
son to Supervisor E_ J. Randall of Contra
Costa County took place at high noon on
Thursday, October 29. at the country
home of the bride's parents. Captain and
Mrs. L. Anderson of Contra Costa. The
wedding, a pretty and quiet home affair,
was attended only by relatives and a few
intimate friends of the family. Miss
Elizabeth Anderson was bridesmaid and
little Bernice Randall the ring-bearer.
Louis D. Anderson acted as best man.
The happy couple will make an extended
tour of the southern part of the State and
Mexico. 1
Miss May Bryan and George La Mon
tague of Courtland, CaL, were united in
marriage at the residence of the bride's
sister, Mrs. A. B. Horner, on Eighteenth
street last Wednesday evening. The
ceremony was witnessed by a large num
ber of the friends and relatives of the
couple. The parlors and dining-room pre
sented a beautiful appearance with their
decorations of ferns, carnations and white
chrysanthemums. The Rev. William Ra
der, rector of the Third Congregational
Church, officiated. The bride was very
beautiful. Her gown was of white silk
trimmed with duchess lace, chiffon roses
and with sprays of orange blossoms. Miss
Nellie Bryan, sister of the bride, was
maid of honor and was charming In her
gown of white moussellne over pink silk.
The best man was Grover La Montague
a brother of the groom. The newly mar
ried couple will spend their honeymoon
touring Southern California and upon
their return will take up their residence
in the northern part of the State, where
the groom is engaged in business.
A pretty wedding occurred on Wednes
day in this city, when Miss Frances Mc-
Millan, became the bride of Tony Abbor
elle, a well known athlete at the Olympic
Club. Judge Graham performed the cere
mony. Mr. Abborelle has just returned
from Nome, Alaska, where he held a
prominent position with the Ames Mer
cantile Company at that place. The hap
py couple have gone to New Mexico and
Arizona for their honeymoon and will re
side In San Francisco upon their return.
• • •
The home of R. LJoyd Eaton at Nome,
Alaska, was the scene of a very pretty
wedding a few weeks ago, the contract
ing: parties being J. B. Faget, a well
known engineer of the mining city,' and
Miss Ada Christiansen of this city. The
ceremony was performed by Rev. James
White of St. Mary's Episcopal Church.
It. E. Trengove was best man and Mrs.
Trengove was matron of honor. Mr. and
Mrs. Faget are well and popularly known
here, the groom having at one time been
an engineer on various vessels plying be
tween this port and the Orient. Mrs. Fa
get is the daughter of Andrew Christian*
sen, manager of the Central Lumber and
Mill Company.
Weddings.
Mr. and Mrs. R. Goldberg announce- the
engagement of their daughter, Mamie, to
P. Schudmack. They will receive at their
family residence, 2716 Pine street, Sun
day, November 29, from 2 till 6 o'clock.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Hyman announce the
engagement of their daughter, Miss Sa
rah, to Harry Englander. The reception
will be held in the near future.
Mrs. Estelle Harowitz announces the
engagement of her daughter, Jaaette
Adele, to Llewellyn B. Hammond." The
wedding will take place to-day at the
home of the bride and will be a "family
affair. .
Mrs. P. Brown, formerly of Marysville,
announces the engagement of her daugh
ter, Hattie, to Ellis Levin. ?
• ' • •
Mrs. M. Martin announces the engage
ment of her daughter, Henrietta, to Ben
Anixter. They will receive Sunday, No
vember 22, at 622 McAllister street, from
2 to 6 o'clock.
Engagements.
rious phases of home life and
the chronicler of human affairs notes a
relaxation of those strenuous fiuties that
often call men and women from home to
stern duty.
There is an Increasing number of teas,
dinners, parties, weddings and those
functions that 6ound the coming of win
ter amusements and those pleasant rela
tions that belong to the season. <
•C^^I S the Thanksgiving season
vrj 1 draws near weddings, parties
I LAJ 1 and other social events grow
U V .\ I more numerous. People are
A^y Vy turning their minds to the va-
(All notices for the "Society Events" column!
of The Call should be sent In time toreach
the editorial rooms not later than Friday
night, and must be accompanied »y tne
name . and address of the member of the
family or member of the club eendln* tne
communication.) ? ¦ • -¦ •¦ - ' . t " . < .'
SOCIETY EVENTS
La . Estrella Parlor. Native Daughters
of .the Golden West, will give a street fair
and dance in the banquet hall of the Na
tive Sons' bulldlngon next Tuesday even-
Ing. The committee has arranged a num
ber of side shows for , the entertainment
of .visitors,, and it proposes to make this
one of the most attractive and pleasant
social functions that. this parlor ha* ev*r
Native Daughters' Fair.
Mr*. William Cohn and her son. Ira J.
Cohn,- formerly of 731 Capp street. San
Francisco, will spend the winter at San
Rafael with relatives.
Mrs. 8ol Goldsmith of 2013 Devisaderc*
street will be at homo the second Tuesday
of (he month.
a . .
' Mr. and Mrs. I. Adama will receive their
friends from 2 to 5, Sunday, November 22.
at their residence. 2013 Pine street. In
honor of their twenty-fifth wedding anni
versary.
Mr> and Mrs. Frank P. Jacobs have
moved to their new home, 3325 Clay street,
near Central avenue, where they will re
ceive their friends.
• • •
• • •
. Mr. and Mrs. Herman M. Rogers an
nounce the confirmation of their son,
Sanford. on Saturday, November 21, at
Congregation Beth Israel on Geary street.
near Octavla. They will receive their
friends Sunday, November 22/ from 2 to
5 p. m.
The Misses Eleanor and Anna Gorevan
and little John Gorevan are touring the
southern part of the State. They are ex
pected home about the middle of Decem
ber. "
• • *
Mr. and Mrs. J. Broder have returned
from their honeymoon in . Southern Cal
ifornia and have taken up their residence
at Pinole, CaL Mr. Broder has been a
resident of Pinole for some time, having
business Interests there, .as well as at
Crockett and Oakland. He married Miss
Lillian Agnes Morgan on Wednesday. Oc
tober 21, the Rev. Father Conway officiat
ing. The wedding, a quiet home affair,
occurred at the home of the bride, 2241
Fifteenth street.
Personals.
Miss Lillian Slinkey was hostess at a
delightful tea on Monday afternoon In
honor of a number of popular Tlvoll
artists. The home of Miss Slinkey. at 8OT
Leavenworth street, was the scene of th»
pleasant affair. Prominent among those
present were: Slgnor Emanuele Ischierdo,
Signora de Benedetto, Signor Gregorettl.
Signor Alfredo Tedeschi, Signor Baldo
Travaglini and Signor Pasquale.
A delightful birthday party was given
to Miss Juliet Schroeder at the home of
her parents, 745 Clayton street. Sunday
evening, November 8. Music, singing and
games were enjoyed by all present, as
well as dancing. A banquet was spread
later in the dining-room, during which
several speeches were made by some of
the gentlemen present. ¦
scene Into a bower of beauty. The hos
tess wore a gown of Dresden silk,
trimmed with white chiffon and peau da
gene lace. The young ladies assisting
were all in white. Mrs. Marston was as
sisted by Miss Gladys Rulofson* Mis*
Poeey McGrath. Miss Helen Bennett.
Miss Grace Wolpcrt. Miss Linda turn
Suden, Miss Edith Hund. Miss Florence
Kustal, Miss Alberta McKenzie. Miss Ol
ive Carson. Miss Grace Swing. Miss
Louise Smith and Mrs. Mollle E. Thomas.
Mrs. Frank Wheeler Marston enter
tained her large circle of friends last
Thursday. by giving a tea at her home,
2714 Sacramento street./ Over two hun
dred and fifty participated in the enjoy
ment of the occasion. An orchestra ren
dered many choice , selections, and the
decorations, . in red' and green effects,
were > most artistically arranged. The
floral ornamentations transformed the
¦ ; A pleasant surprise party was tendered
to Harry Buchman at hi3 residence, 443
Gough street, on the occasion of his
twenty-flrst birthday, Sunday evening,
November 8. The rooms were, prettily
decorated and a pleasant evening was
spent in singing, dancing and games. At
midnight the guests partook of a supper
and many toasts were responded to at
the request of the toastmaster, Julius
Jacobs. Among those present were:
Misses Ethyl Shaen, Hanna Buchman,
Browne Friedman, Lulu and Clarice Is
rael, Sadie Rlngolskl, Sadie Meyer, Jennie
Buchman, Ida Siegler, May Shoenf eld.
Riva Felix, Katy Shay, Fanny Silver
stein, Tillle Stone, Bertha Abrams, Lulu
Levy, Dorothy Keller and Jeanette Kohn;
Messrs, Sam Harrison, Al Epstein, Leon
ard Myers, Mortimer Nathan, Milton
Meyer, Julius Jacobs, Iz Buchman, Ous
Kingolski, Emanuel Shoenf eld. Ralph
Coombs, Louis Haas. Ben Buchman, Mil
ton Feig, Louis Herman. Jerome Fried
berg, Robert Abrahams and Harry Buch
man.
during the evening:, and Mrs. Julius Jo
seph save a reading of Eugene Field's
"Dream Ship." Mr. Black rendered sev
eral favorite ballads. Mrs. Frazier pre
sided at the piano and also sang several
selections. Mrs. Fish gave an entertain
ing reading of "Bells of Shandon." The
ladles were prettily gowned, and a sunip
tuous supper was served.
36
NEWMAN & IXVINS^N. ¦_ _
Kearny and, Sutter Sts.
il§i Great Stock of Underwear
Fine knitted Underwear of Every Kind at Lowest Possible Prices.
• Ready again/with the largest and most attractive collection of Winter Underwear for ladies,
gents and children. The variety is greater than ever, including various desirable weights in cotton,
merino, wool, silk, silk-mixed and linen— all priced as low as reliable underwear can possibly be
sold for. The following partial list will give an idea as to the values now, being offered:
Ladles' ribbed Cashmere Vests, with Pants to +, nfk Ladies»fineribbedCashmettUn!onSuits,inwh!te c<5 nA
match, in white or gray; real value $1.50 each, at tfrltUU or natural, splendid value.l4.00 suit, our price.. 9J.UU
Ladies' fine ribbed Silk and Wool Vests, with */ *.- Ladles' ribbed Merino Tights, In black, white or * 4 cn
Tights to match, In white; real value |2.25each, «>1.C3 tray, knee or ankle length*, extra value, pair
Ladies', unshrinkable Merino Union Suits, long # 4 - n Men's Natural Wool Shirts an* Drawers, winter^ . - A
; sleeves,anklel«ngth,grayorwhite,value$2.oo «frl.£>U weight, value I2.00 per garnunt, special at. . . v>l .OU
Ladles' heavy ribbed Merino Union Suits, silk *-» Children's ribbed Union Suits, lor winter wear,^/ nn
finished neck and front, exceptional value.suit $Z.Z5 made of best quality mtco cottcn, all sizes,suit^l *UU
Ladies' Stylish Tailor Made Waists <ss_yc)
Words cannot do justice to our present complete showing of Ladies' Waists for winter wear —
they are all new, stylishly made of excellent materials and fashioned after the very latest models.
Following are. a few of the many splendid-values offered on sale to-morrow :
French Flannel Waists, with front beautifully stitched Fine French Flannel Waists In solid colors, with pretty
and tucked, French back, colors' red, white, _.<v£ A stitched tucks in front forming yoke; buttoned a- - a
navy bl us and .black; special at.. ...«p_!.5U on the side; very stylish and fine value at
Twilled Flannel Waists, front with six narrow hemstitched Handsome waists made of fins quality Alpaca, In snow-
'. tucks, back also tucked ; all leading colors— * o ,_- flakt and polka dot designs, all colors, a most <A - -
a very pretty style at . O effective waist at
iQT CYUIDITinM Ori account of the inclemency of the weather last week our Exhibition of
An I- LAniDNIUH Art Goods,etc, will be continued on Monday and Tuesday, Noy. 16 and IT.
Sale of High Grade Black Dress Goods c&gz.)
The best values ever offered in this city— more than 5,000 yards of handsome Black Drew
Goods go on sale to-morrow. Among them are such popular materials as 1
BLACK CREPE VOILES BLACK ETAMINES BLACK FRENCH ARMURES
BLACK CREPE DE PARIS BLACK PANAMAS BLACK NATTE ETAMINES
iThey represent the choicest products of the best makers — fabrics that are all wool, all new
and the proper styles for this season's wear—widths range from 42 to 48 inches. If bought in the
regular way they could not be sold for less than $1.25 and $1.50 — your choice to-morrow tf 1 nn
at the one price, per yard. y ....'. '.
Black SUk Dress Skirts (2___f_D SaJe of Floss Pillows
" , _ . . __. ' (Second Floor, _eirny Street)
At Greatly RedUCCd PrlCCS. Our s _., a , Pillows for Holiday Cushlons-they ara
Elegant Dress Skirts at closing-out prices — made of tha filled with excellent quality Floss and covered with best
best quality black Peau de Sole and Taffeta silks, some quality muslin— on sale to-morrow at the following
handsomely braided, others tuckea and lace trimmed— extraordinarily low prices:
only a broken assortment would permit such reductions Pillows, size 18x18, weight 13 02 25c
as these: Pillows, size 20x20, weight 17 oz 30c
$13.75 Silk Skirts, reduced to $7.50 . Pillows, size 22x22, weight 22 oz 40c
$18.00 Silk Skirts, reduced to 12.50 Pillows, size 24x24, weight 28 oz -<..45c
$22.00 Silk Skirts, reduced to .... 1 5.00 Pillows, size 26x26, weight 34 oz 55c
$25.00 Silk Skirts, reduced to. ....... 18.00 Pillows, size 28x28, weight 40 oz 60c
Sale of Scissors CSSSff) Wool Knit Shawls (2£_J 1 E r )
We olace on sale to-morrow a large lot of Pocket and _. prett y Woven Shawls, selected from our Worsted Goods
c u r «H. ro Qricc«r« mad* _f he*t aualltv nickel olated Department— they are 40 inches square— some fringed.
Embroidery Sc ssors, made of best qual ty nlckef plated othcrs crocheted edgB> |n color$ wh £ red ,_ k b| * j
cast steel, In sizes 4 to 6 inches long— scissors that black— all new and perfect goods— real value $1.25 ,__.
sell regularly at 50c and 60c per pair — sale price — *3C each — on sale to-morrow at _ 75C
California Wool Blankets C^&'ai") o Handkerchief Sale (SK_?E)
These Blankets at the prices are excellent values. If We bought the entire product on hand of a Belfast
d»r r A Tfc~-._ for a fran^doubto 'Blanket piad« of Ladies' whiU Linen Handkerchiefs, hemstitched and em-
Sn Sll rfllf cleanest white wool, with pink : and broidered. very sheer, regular 25c and 35c «1 T ,
4>c7«cW 1 UM blue borders, silk bound, worth $7.00. qualities— sale price to-morrow... 12J_|C
Art a a Tfc • for a superior quality California white Men's all white and colored border hemstitched Handker-
VI fill P/ltr oo1 Blanket, extra large size, good chiefs, in different width hems, worth
«PU»W * **" weight, silk bound, well worth $9.50 regularly 25c each— sale price to-morrow 10C
Write for Our New Illustrated Catalogue. We Mall It FREE.
_^^ AJPVEBTISTnvnRNTS.
ocooooo_ccooe_9oeecedeeodeoaecoceeo©O9«©©©Q
centemeri!
glove sale !
BEST VALUES EVER OFFERED 2
For one 'week only we. will. place on sale J
an assortment of Centemeri Dressed and ®
Undressed Kid Gloves s •
at VJ i*"\ cts per pair I
R. CENTEMERI Sc GO, 8
200 POST ST.. Cor. Grant Ave. %
TO also have a few odd pairs In extreme sizes at 65c a pair — 5Vs. 5*i, 7, 7«i. 7%. O
ADVERTISEMENTS.
j ....STIRRING SPECIALS IN....
IOa Sale To-Morrow and AH the Week
The Corset Coats at $15.00 are Certainly Mar-
vels for the Price.
Single breasted: made in the jaunty 22-inch length and fashioned from
I a fine covert doth in a beautiful shade of tan. This is the new coat that
take its name as much from its narrow gores and strapped seams as it
does from its close, snuff fit. Splendidly tailored and lined with a reliable
made to wear satin. You wouldn't think $20.00 too much to pay for one
of these nobby little coats.
„ Here's a Brief Description of Some of the Other Bargains
R You'll never realize the great difference between the prices
l\ and values of these jackets until you have seen them.
a KERSEY JACKETS— Black, tan or castor; double breasted: orna-
|j mentcd with pearl buttons; lined with satin; tailored with a snap and
B dash that you'd not expect to find in jackets at such a mod- tfC AA
Iest price. Only 4J J.U V
KERSEY JACKETS — Castor or tan; double breasted; prettified with
fancy stit chin g and buttons: lined with satin. It is really, ouzzlinc:
trying to figure out how they can be produced to sell for <(£ CA
so little. Only JpU.JU
» KERSEY JACKETS— Black and various shades of tan; double breast-
B ed; the big pearl buttons proclaim that fact in a most refined wav —
¦ and made with a loose fitting back: trimmed with bands of €Q A A
C velvet; lined with satin: handsome, shapely. Only iPO.l/V
S COVERT JACKETS— 20 inches long; single breasted, dip front; fio-
H ished with tailor seams: set off with pearl buttons; lined with satin;
5 only 35 in the lot, but when you see them you will share our wonder
I -that the maker was willing to let us have even that many fl*1 A AA
to at the price. Only : $ 1 V. VV/
CHEVIOT JACKETS— Black only; single breasted; trimmed with
tailor stitching: lined with taffeta; smart in style; beautiful to look
at: full of comfort; unmistakably underpriced. What more C"| O CA
could any woman reasonably ask for? Only »pi_i.Jv
CLOTH JACKETS — Tan color or black; double breasted: collarless:
handsomely stitched: lined with satin; tailored with a wealth of
stylish new ideas. Extraordinary for the money. Clii CA
I Only .plU.iJV
VENETIAN CLOTH JACKETS— Black only. Single breasted—
strapped seams: lined with satin; tailored with a score of beauty
touches that baffle descriotion with types on paper. You C*|Q CA
must come and see them. Only »piO.iJv/
I CLOTH JACKETS— Black or tan color; three-quarter fitted back;
shoulder capes; trimmed with fancy braid; lined with satin; swagger
very. Too beautiful by far to figure in a bargain sale. C2A A A
But as we buy so we sell. Only iJJOv.W
ZIBELINE JACKETS— Black only; loose fitting shoulder capes: trim-
med with velvet and braid; lined with 6atin. This meager description
I seems lifeless when one has seen these gems of the tailor's art. Won't.
M vou come and let your own eyes tell you of their C3A A A
j charms? Only .pJV.W
H A BIG SAVING GOBS WITH THESE
I BEAUTIFUL HATS
I At $5.00, $7.50, $10.00, $12.50 and $15.00
1 The regular prices would be a fourth more here or half as much
I again in some other stores. To choose from are Toques, Sailors. Large
I Flare and Picture Hats in velvet, silk, chenille, fur or felt. Every grace-
S ful line and nodding plume holds a new hint from Paris. _____
1 ujeS-> p*_^rf___^ K_=32_2 39
ADVERTISEMENTS.
s.*taix vox. ysr- Y^T.t'lwy I
ravoj* swz> x*«_i~j xJS_k'^__P^5r I
JUASSA&B. SLSCTK/Crry OJZ ,'
ME/VC/JVE i* 3/*£C/A£ JHSWO/T- '
3TAAT/OAT rjf/J WZ£/t '• CAJJ. OJI -
f .' UZK/T£ -.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
f'And all "other facial blemishes «re removed by
DR. t and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. Donoho«
building. H7O Market street, cor. Taylor, rooms
2S-29 with the electric needle without pain or
; scar; permanency jruaranteed: hours 1 to 4 p.m.
' 'COMEDY OF THE
THA_TKSO_V__TO
',-!, , TURKEY,
7 You'll ;.Boax With. Laughter at
¦ This Story in the
vNEXT : isilNbAY CALL
. ; ;¦¦: ADVEHTISEMENTS. ', " ...¦,- ¦ . : ¦' '' ¦.. :
Genuine • ¦ : _ Genuine Per-
Sealskln Coat, I " ¦;.¦-¦ , y -; slan Lamb Coat,
London Dye, •rnre things to wear* Lelpslc Dye,
$200.00. Wog'ue $95.00.
Tm CLOAK. V
§MU3UNWEAR-NiU_N_RY <_____T V
: ¦ 2X7 Qtvauo* Ave. . ',*
Garments Remodeled. {^Mi
Style, Fit and
Genuine Alaska Workmanship Misses* Set
Sable Fox Set, Guaranteed ¦¦¦ French^ 1 Crinlnc;-/
Muff and Stole, f;;;Muff?andjStoift;
$35.00. $8.50. V
¦¦¦^ H________i__M________~____BBB—HHB~—~ ————————— ¦¦¦¦¦— ¦¦¦~~~>~~~~~ BaDeath and Willie.
United States Consul Langer at Solin
gen, Germany, says in a report to the
State Department , that an Inquiry has
been received by the Solingen Chamber of
Commerce at Glessen as to the effect of
the establishment of the German-Ameri
can Petroleum Company's tanks at Solin
gen upon the wholesale and retail dealers
of petroleum, and also as to the manner
in which the petroleum Is ' sold " by * the
company. Through t-Js inquiry the fact
seems to hav« been established that the
German-American " Petroleum Company
has attempted, by means of its tanks, to
monopolize the local market,- but thus far
has not been entirely successful, because
quite a number of the local. wholesalers,
although at great sacrifice to themselves,
have steadily opposed the company. The
sales of the German-American Petroleum
Company to the retailer are effected by
means of street tank wagons, and the re
taller is supplied with petroleum-measur
ing apparatus free of <*har«e, which; how
ever. Is kept locked by the company, thus
compelling, the retailer to , use ,the . com
pany's oil. The German-Amerlean Petro
leum Company make* no sales directly, to
the consumer.— Washington Star. .
American Oil in Germany.
Krafft has determined the boiling point
of certain metals by the use of vessels of
quartz heated by an electric furnace. Zinc
sublimes below 300 degrees, and at 640 de
grees distils fairly quick; the correspond
ing temperatures for cadmium are 322,de
grees and 44S degrees. Selenium distils
quickly at:3S0 .degrees, tellurium at 550
degrees, boiling being observable at 635
degrees. .Lead bolls rapidly and distils at
1100 degrees. ;>Tln proved very refractory,
no distillation occurring even at 1100. At
<50G degrees antimony sublimes slowly,
and at TO to 7S0 degrees distils rapidly.
Sublimation of bismuth commenced at
540 degrees, the sublimate assumed ' the
form of drops at 930 degrees and the metal
boiled briskly at 1050 degrees. A slight
mirror of silver appeared at 1.090 degrees,
and ; . rapid ! vaporization proceeded at 1340
degrees. Copper and gold boil at too high
temperatures to be examined; even> in
silica;* with the former a slight amount
of sublimate formed at 1215 degrees,! with
the latter extremely little vapor "<\ arose
even ; at 1375 ; degrees/which is near ;¦ the
point at « which ; the resistance - of silica
breaks down.— Scientific ' American. I *
Where Metals Boil.
•"The sensation of sound and motion
takes Ihe place In the dreams of the
blind of the objects which appear In the
visions of the night to those who can see.
J Fpeak of those who have been blind al
ways, for, of course, with those who once
.could see, their dreams may be filled with
visions of people and places which their
waking r yr-s cannot now behold, but
which may appear vividly to. them in
f > f p. But one who has been blind al
ways cannot dream of peeing." — Answers.
A man blind from birth, epeaking of the
mental pictures which unfortunates like
himself have of external things, said:
"We get some Idea of shape, more than
we do of size. Of color we have an Idea
cf black and white and of red, but I
think few, if any, of us can comprehend
tiny other hue. We picture the sun as an
immensM* mass, with red rays shooting
about it. and daylight as a million whita
Khafts floating above the earth.
"When a blind man dreams his. dreams
are not like those of other people, but
consist almost entirely of sensations of
sound. He cannot dream of scenes and
places, for he has never 6een them. . For
instance, when we dream of hearing of
our friends we dream of bearing their
voices.
With the Mind's Eye.
Electrical publications j have had their
say about the little thought of difficul
ties that beset an occupation new to the
Industrial world, entered upon with little
or no preparation, yet charged with tre
mendous responsibilities. The care and
nervous strain of the railway engineer
form a hackneyed theme, but no one has
ever, framed the sympathetic side of the
motorman's lot. Yet probably the en
gineer In eight or nine hours' run has
little. If anything, more to wear upon his
nerves or enchain his ceaseless attention
than the man at the controller as he
pushes | his car along the crowded street
with Infinite care, yet with all possible
speed. Danger confronts him every mo
ment—In the treacherous rail, the weak
but unsuspected axle, the imperfect
wheel, the chance obstruction of heedless
human beings, terrified animals or hurry
ing, unseen vehicles. Perhaps It is a won
der that so few street car accidents oc
cur when ; we consider the", baste with
which the" busy populace demands to be
carried from point to point, the opportu
nities for mishap in equipment or rolling
stock, the always present element of
human error and 'the painful awkward
ness of so many persons in boarding and
leaving cars.— Washington Star.
Trials of the Motonnan.
These labels, it appear*, had no incon
siderable success in game-preserving dis
tricts, and, thanks to the red-ink inscrip
tion, the railway officials were by degrees
Betting Into the habit of forwarding some
thing like the full complement. But,
alas! this state of things was too good to
last, and the labels are now forbidden.
Packages thus decorated are' refused at
the railway stations. It is not, as one
might Imagine, by order of. the railway
authorities, angry at being defrauded of
their prescriptive right, but by command
of the : bureau - of postes et telegraphes,
which has solemnly decided that the
printed warning is a communication In
the nature of a letter, and, therefore, in
admissible. Sportsmen as a body are
appealing for redress against this surpris
ing decision. ~Pall Mall Gazette.
This shooting season a happy Idea came
to a certain firm of printers,, who forth
with designed and issued a new form of
label for the use of generous sportsmen
who might wish to send presents of game
to their friends. It was a good label,
and.unless actually In use In England (as
it may be, for all I know), some enter
prising tradesman might see fit to Intro
duce It. It bore down one side a list of
various sorts of game, with compartments
opposite in which the sender might add
the number of each kind that the box or
basket contained. Underneath was print
ed, in red letters, a warning to verify the
contents.
Departmental red tape Is not wholly pe
culiar to England. It may be discovered,
now and again, on the other side of the
channel— yes, even In republican France.
The Figaro is responsible for the follow
ing Instances, which will bear 'comparison
with anything done by our authorities at
Bt. Martin's-le-Grand.
BED TAPE IN FBENCH
OFFICIAL LIFE
The boycott declared by the State Board
of Health of Ohio against the toy pistol
Is one boycott In which all citizens will
unite— with the possible exception of the
dealers In the article. Under recent de
cisions of the Supreme Court of the State
the powers and prerogatives of the State
Board of Health are vast and not to be
interfered with in steps it may take to
prevent or to stamp out disease. The
fact that the board has resolved that It
is the duty of Itself and of local boards
of health to prevent the sale of the toy
pistol and like deadly explosives means
business. The facts which moved the
board to its action were found in the
statistics of deaths and accidents arising
from the sale of the toy pistol on July 4,
1903. The statistics, while sufficiently ap
palling, are below rather than up to the
facts, for, in numerous instances, no
answer was returned to the inquiries
sent out to municipalities and to Coro
ners. But from the answers received' it
is shown that more than 600 men and chil
dren were killed on last Fourth from the
use of toy pistols, lockjaw resulting with
death in most horrible agonies; more than
100 persons were made totally blind and
more than 1000 more or less severely in
jured. Under the resolutions adopted by
the board the secretary is directed to
take the proper steps to prevent future
sales of toy pistols, and much good is to
be expected from the important step Ohio
has taken.— Cincinnati Commercial Trib
une.
Legitimate Boycott.
There was a time when the experience
which I am about to relate seemed funny
to me. Indeed, I sometimes used to tell
It on occasions when funny stories seemed
t<> be expected of me, and people used to
laugh at it. But now, as you will proba
bly agree, it is eheer commonplace. The
difference is that In those days only one
particular clas s of citizens made a prac
tice of subletting jobs, whereas now It is
rare that the person who takes the origi
nal contract does any of the work under
U.
In the Einali Western town where I lived
1 leased a house to a man who was In
haste to move in. I had promised to have
the floors scrubbed that day for him, so,
going down town. I found a darky named
Green sitting on a dry goods box in the
•un. He ee«med glad to get the job, and
«aid he would do it for $2 50. An hour
later I came that way again and found
Green still sitting en the dry goods box.
"See here," said I, "if you are going to
scrub those floors you'd better be about
it. They must be done to-day."
"Oh, dat's all right, suh. Dey's being
Bcrubbed. I done sublet de job to Mistah
Jackson."
A block or bo farther on I met Jackson,
going toward the river with his fishpole.
When I spoke to him about the floors be
eaid:
"Tas, sub, I took de Job fm Mistah
Green, but I done sublet it to Mistah
Meadows."
WelL to cut a long story short, I^met
eo many subcontractors that I deemed it
prudent to go to the house and see for
myself whether the work was being
done. There I found a woman bcrubbing
the floors.
"Who hired you to do this work?" I
asked.
"Mistah Ternary suh," ehe answered.
"How much does he pay you for -it?"
"Fifty cents, suh."
\\ un a view to letting future contracts
to the person who would actually do the
work. I asked the woman her name.
"Ise Mrs. Green. Buh," said she.
Sure enough, she was the wife of the
original contractor. The Job had been
sublet four times, each middle man rak
1ns off as much as was paid to the wo
man vrho did the work. That sort of
thine: was so uncommon In those days
that it really seemed funny, but now it
Is the thing you expect when you let
rither a large or a small contract. —
Brooklyn Eagle.
Middlemen Who Baked Off the
Profits in Approved
Style.
THE DAEKY WAY OF
FULFUXINO A COHTBACT
PHILADELPHIA. Nov. 14.— The will of
th* late William 1* Elklns, the multi-mil
lionaire traction magnate and financier,
was liled with the Register to-day. The
estate is valued at $10,000,000 and upward,
but Is believed to be worth 530,000,000. A
codicil provides for the establishment of
an orphanage in this city for the female
orphans of Free Masons, to be managed
by the Masonic Home of Pennsylvania.
The sum of $240,000 is to be expended on
the buildings. No mention of an endow
ment appears In the wilL
Mr. Anderson added that unless such
Improved service is secured California
cannot long hold her own, as other horti
cultural districts nearer the large East
ern distributing centers are endeavoring
more and more to secure and hold those
markets.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 14.— Lieutenant
Governor Alden P. Anderson announced
to-day that at the close of the present
fruit season he will retire as manager of
the California Fruit Distributors and will
hereafter devote his entire attention to
his orchards and dried fruit interests. He
said there is no question as to the con
tinuance of the organization next year,
as all interests recognize its value and
necessity.
Mr. Anderson declared that the decidu
ous fruit shipping season now closing has
witnessed the largest shipments by sev
eral hundred carloads ever made in one
year from this State, and at the same
time there has been received for the fruit
at sales in the East the best average net
returns, lls said this was the first time
the destination of all shipments has* been
determined and controlled absolutely from
California, and he expressed the belief
that the propriety and advantage of di
recting the shipments from the California
end will never again be questioned.
Mr. Anderson says the most serious
question to. be solved now is that of
transportation; beside it, he declared, all
other considerations pale Into insignifi
cance, and little more can be done toward
systematizing and perfecting distribution
or increasing the volume of shipments
until it is solved. The transportation
companies, he declared, must cater to the
necessities of the fruit business, even at
the expense of the passenger service.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Magnate's Will Leaves
Fund for a Home
for Orphans.
Lieutenant - Governor
Anderson Tells of
Season Results.
FRUIT SHIPMENT
UNUSUALLY LARGE
THIRTY MILLIONS
IN ELK1NS ESTATE
"You are making a serious error," said
the man. "I am merely seeing my sister
off and shall return later."
"Don't make explanations to this— this—
underling," said the woman. "Report
him to Captain Tumbridge. And for you,"
she continued with another of \ those
glances, the very memory of which makes
the clerk shiver, "your conduct is ob-ob
obstropulous!"—Brooklyn Eagle.
Comparative philology is a most inter
esting subject. The growth of language
is the key to national history and develop
ment. Every contribution of value should
be received with gratitude. Here is such a
contribution from the Hotel St. George,
which deserves recognition and record:
At 12:30 o'clock last night a man and a
woman, dressed for traveling, valises in
hand, came down the elevator and started
to walk out of the main corridor Into the
street. The clerk was dozing, but the un
erring instinct of danger waked him with
a jolt. Summoning a bell boy, he sent a
hasty but courteous summons to the de
parting guests. They came before him
disconcerted, but indignant.
"Isn't this a little unusual?" asked the
clerk, uneasily.
"Slr-r-r!" said the woman with a
withering glance. (The clerk says "with
ering" and the Eagle isn't responsible.)
"What do you mean to insinuate?"
"Nothing," said the clerk, "except that
it isn't customary for our guests to leave
us without notice and without— ahem—
previous arrangement, at midnight, you
know."
By this time several auditors had gath
ered about the group.
"Obstropulous" Was the Phillologl
cal Missile Fired at a Hotel
Clerk.
A2KJRY WOMAN COINB
WOKD . TO FIT HOOD
FRESNO, Nov. 14.— There Is little
change In the raisin situation. While or
ders are coming in every day, they are
very light, and no pronounced activity Is
expected for .the present, at least. So far
as deliveries are concerned, this is the
heaviest year in the history af the asso
ciation. Up to date there have been re
ceived 46,000 tons, and deliveries are still
corning in. This is 550 cars in excess of
last year's deliveries, which amounted to
40,050. Last year the deliveries making
up this amount kept coming until well
along in December.
The financing of this year's crop has
been a very difficult proposition on ac
count of the heavy shipments, rushed in
one might say almost at once, and owing
to the comparative slowness that the
East has taken the goods.
Up to October 24 the directors have paid
the 8-cent advance on sweatbox weight,
amounting to about 3.13 cents on packed
out goods. This has amounted. in money
to about 12,400,000. • The directors are now
arranging to make payments on the bal
ance of the deliveries to date.
No Pronounced Activity Is
Expected for the Next
Few Weeks.
Eastern Merchants Are
Unusually Slow Giv
ing Orders.
LIGHT DEMAND
FOR RAISIN CROP
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALIi, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1903.
.-A. woman in neither' better nor worse for
her.aDoarel.;. goaaSMMK^ ~~^:^
I»»»ath came and plucked our Willie;
He'« climbed the golden stain!.
I Va t b did not use his reaphook.
But f«.d him 6ickl«' pears.''
'¦' —Baltlmor*' •American.
37
ADVERTISEMENTS.
cocooococQ09eoeeooeee3»$9e*oeeooeoeed899oea<
III OF v w^P]^f4 P A |\ IS
I Dry Goods Company;
[Lace Department
• New Fashions for Evening Wear
I Marqucsettc Cloth Voile de Soic
S Crepe Mlgnon
£? in all the new tints
O Spangled AllOVerS ta white, 6/«^6/ae)t and steel.
S Spangled Bands, Motifs and Ornaments
q in white, black, black and steel
g Spangled Robes & white, brack, uack and $u e r.
I Chantilly Drapery Nets
O 43 to 45 inches wide, in black, cream, sky, rose,
O magpie and Jackdaw {yards) $1.25 and $1.50
3 Crystal Dotted Mousseline de Sole
9 45 inches wide, white ground dotted with white, amber, lavender,
J emerald. Special at (a yard), $1.00.
q Prerfoas fines replete with best of early favorites, strengthened by arrival of
0 these later novelties.
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
a Cetrj &sd EtcoVtoa Strests, Unioa Square.
ooe^^•oooo^^eo^oo^o^^•^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^•^^^l
SENSATIONAL SALE OF
Sensational Low Prices
\ 65 cents on the do/far
\A. P AQFR °* Tailor' Made : Suits, the balance of the great pur- -
IT UHOLO chase by Mr. Simmoff in New York, have arrived.
Judging by crowds of eager purchasers our great bargains are appre-
ciated. The garments are of good workmanship, the products of two
of the foremost wholesale manufacturers in New York. The great sale
continues to-morrow.' *
Only the Newest Style Winter Garments
$20.00 Novelty Mixture Suits ........... .......... J. .
On sale. . ... .... . . . . .... . $12.50 and $13.50
$25.00 Scotch Tweed Mixture Suits. Sale price . . ... . . . . . $15.00
$27.50 Fancy Mixture Suits. Sale price . .\ $16.50
$30.00 Fancy Mixture Suits. Sale price .... 1 . ........ $18.50
$20.00 Black Cheviot Suits. Sale price $12.50
$25.00 Black Cheviot Suits. Sale price ............... A. . $15.00
$27.50 Fancy Zibeline Suits. On sale. $18.50
$30.00 Black Dress Suits. On sale ... $20.00
High Novelties. Sale price $27.50 and $32.50
( Full value $40.00 and $47.50
TWO CASES OF SILK SKIRTS
TWO CASES OF ETAMINE AND VOILE SKIRTS
All Trimmed
FIVE CASES OF RAINY DAY AND DRESS SKIRTS
On Sale at 65 cents on the dollar. .
Fur Jackets— extra good quality —at $27.50, $35.00 and $50.00
Novelty Silk Coats at $15.00, $20.00 and $2500
1230 - 1232 - 1234 MARKET STREET, near JONES
LAST TWO WEEKS.
EVENINGS AT 8.
MATINEES WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY V
Klaw & Erlanger's
STUPENDOUS PRODUCTION OF GENERAL LE"W -WALLACirS
" DMunatlzed by WILLIAM YOUNG. Music by EDGAR 8TILLMAN KELLET.
SPECIAL MATINEE THANKSGIVING DAY.
Positively last performance of "Ben Hur"
ij Saturday evening, November 28.
i SEATS O/V SALE FOR !
g ALL PERFORMANCES. \
AAi ilBABIA SAH FEANCISCO'3 H to-night-last time.
CQLUBfllliA wm m["THE STORKS"
a weeks. a/g jt^ fkt jpj /% y KATnraus
BEOINITING IVl W/ Hi LJ /\. I SATUBDATS.
SPECIAL MATIKEE THANKSGIVING DAT. <
CHABLES PE.0HMAU Presents
VIRGINIA HARMED
1''i£;tr :>'{-:''">¦;,-> In A. W. Pinero'a
388^* 1 "^^ Masterpiece,
The New York Sun iayB: M •
"Hot to have seen thi* mai- Jtok. Rw J»
terpiece is to have mi«8ed a great rital l? «^^ a^^
Rose Meiviile
"Sis Honkins"
M^^^^^^^^^^^^BSa^', 'GREATEST PA8TORAL COMEDT KNOWN.
_Attiie Old Cross Roa^E^f^y 1 -
.' ¦ i ¦ "- •¦ ¦¦
Evenings — Curtain ai 8 O'clock. Matinee? at 2 O'clock Sharp.
Reserved Seats Daring Miss Harness Engagement— $2.00, $150, $1.00, 75c, 5te
COLUMBIA THEATER
FRIDAY AFTERNOOIN, NOVEMBER 20,
AT 1 O'CLOCK SHARP. - ( .
> rirTH AKlTCTAXi BEWEPIT TT3TDEB TBS ATTSJPlGJttS OPjraE ¦
ASSOCIATED THEATRICAL MAHAOEB3 OP BAIT PBAHCISCO.
. IN AID OF THEIK
GHARITY FUND
Devoted to the Relief of the Sick ana Needy in the Profewlon.
MONSTER CONTINUOUS PERFORMANCE
TiVOUSo5&
TO-NIGHT— Last Performance of "lit TROVA-
NEXT WEEK:
MONDAY NIQHT— Steindorff Testimonial
Special Programme of Classical Music.
Orchestra of Sixty-Five Pieoes.
Tuesday. Thursday and Sunday Evenings,
Saturday Matinee,
FJrst Production In America of Leoncavallo's
Great Opera,
"ZAZA"
"Wednesday, Friday and Saturday Evenlnrs,
Bellini's Romantic Opera.
"rPURITANl"
Price* an Usual— 23c, 60c, 76o.
Telephone Bush 9.
-";*;':ij / t A DISTINCT TRIUMPH
/ —A COMPLETE SUCCESS —
THAT IS WHAT .
[ RUBES AND ROSES
lias proven to be. Only two weeks longer. -
Our "All-Star" Cast, Including
Kolb and Dill, Barney Bernard, Wlnfleld
Blake. Maude Amber, i Georgia O'Ramey, Ben
T. Dillon.
Reserved Seats — Nlgrhta. 26c, 50o and 75c.
Saturday and . Sunday Matinees. 25c and 60c.
Children at Matinees, lOo and 25c -
i ¦• ¦-"i.-'o.- u." ,. 1
Is the next.
Matinee on Thanksgiving Day. '''7 : ':-
j^^"")l£3l%Ajw BTEIa wAY HAXiXi,
jSBBaBBS^f^p^fijllI "The Marconi of the
ilBiiiilFfir * " THE M *"£? I1E *ii r8 or
¦•^^*'*~'~~* p^ ' ¦ Tickets. 25c, " 80c, 75c*
Cariosity Satisfied.
J. M. Benedict of Lyons; Ohio; while
plowing , turned out a nest of some fifty'
quVer. looking eggs .which : he reasoned
might have : been those of a quail or part-
ridge, although the shells seemed some-
what elastics. Anyhow he would find ¦ out
what * Bort of bird " laid them, ; as •; they,
seemed -ripe and. about to hatch. Taking
his knife he sat on the plowf handles arid
pried - one - open, : and b'gosh • there " jumped
out a tblue » racer ; over five' inches " ; long,
which instinctively, made at Benedict with
open I; mouth." The : plowman - dodged and
as . soon as he realized .what . he saw was
not a creation of the local 1 option agita-
tion, seized a. -club and broke "•, the other
forty-nine eggs without any curiosity as
to B their; contents. ; — Cleveland Leader.
4' v ' . "V. ;!""¦'." .' , : . ".".".. \*y. *,
SEE THE FULL > PAGE
" ' iPHOTOGRAPHIC
PHANTASY I
IN THE :
NEXT SUNDAY CALUS
BEAUTIFUL ,
- THANKSGIVING -EDITION. .
*• — . - •- •, -. • ] ,'~ — -'¦ . . ,..- . . — - *
* .. — — ' v - 4
* Week Commencing" THIS AFTER- £
K NOON, November 15. >
1 WRIGHT HUNTINGTON I
i AND CO. 5
* Including; FLORIDA KINGSLEY and *
* ALEX. KEARNEY. Presenting . *
« "A STAND OFF." \ %
I THE THREE ZOLARS !
w European 'Grotesque Gymnasts. J
f SARA AND BELLA-ROSA |
% -¦ > Novelty Acrobats. X
| THE BRITTONS J
t , America's Foremost Colored . Couple. J
1 WARREN and BLANGHARD I
¦?* -The Comedian and the Singer. •
| JACK THEO TRIO I
g Dancing and Acrobatic Novelty Artists. *
I PHIL and NETTIE PETERS I
K Presenting "MY HUSBAND"S DOU- *
" . . -BLE." *
["Village Choir" Quartette |
K In New Selection! From Their Unllm- %
g * Ited Repertoire. Q
«-" " " " " . '»
*. V Last Week of ". "-.', *
5 BELLMAN AND MOORE:
• y Presenting Their Greatest Success/ "A ?
£ ; GALLERY GODDESS." 3
«¦«'". . ' ' ' A n
| Special Announcement ! :
k Commencing- th» week of Wo- *
« vember 22, an ADDITION All *
x MATINEE will bo riven* every a
k THURSDAY, making- four rer- jf
k ular ; matinees ' ,-¦ each V week— *
x ' Wednesday, • Thursday, Satur- 4
k day and Snnday/ .--... *
K. [, . ,. , . ¦ V t
It'"' Parquet, any seat, 28c; Balcony, 10c; ?
fc Children. 'any part except reserved, 10c. *
+t ¦¦ A few front Orchestra rows, reserved, *
-k 60c; -• front ¦ rows • of ( Balcony. '• reserved, a
*. 23c. < '. r ¦-'¦ . •¦:-.¦!..:. .-. ¦' - ••¦'*
Racing !lpj8l^ Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
7 * NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY: CLUB. •
; ). > . : ¦ ; -'t Commencing , November 14.
Racing Each Week ' Day, : Rain or Shine. . ."-'•;
v Six prJMore ;Races Dailyyj
' Races commence . at . 2 : 15 ; p. * m. sharp. ¦, , *
¦ For special trains stopping at the track take
S.j P.r Ferry.', toot* of Market * street, at- 12.-
12:30, 1:00/ 1:30 or 2 o'clock, i- No- smoking -in
last; two cars.: which; are : reserved v for; ladles
and i their." escorts. .'¦'',:.'"" %•;¦•
- . Returning;. ,' trains I leave . track '¦ at "4 :15 and
'4 :48 and immediately, after the ; last race, • *•?;-•?•-¦£
" . THOMAS • H.I WILLIAMS,, President. , i
1 . PERCY W.-, TREAT. \ Secretary. : ' -
TAI.EKT FEOM OIUUTD OFEaA-HOtTSE. COIiXjaESIA THEATIE, CAXX7OS- ?
ALO1ZAB. TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE. CEJT- n
THAI. THEATEB, CHUTES.
Tickets Are on Sale at the Box Ofncee of All Theaters. '
A -T S"* A P7 I TT* Belasco * Mayer.
ALCAZAR o jra,
The Only Fun in Town.
MAT. TO-DAT— JrO-NIOHT— LAST TTME3.
The Farce That Won't Wear Out/ .
The Private Secretary
TO-MORROW NIGHT— ONE WEEK.
The Club's Baby.
A Comedy Convulsion In Three Spasms!
FIRST TIMKS 1N.SAN FRANCISCO.
Eve 23c to 75c; Mats.. Sat. & Sun., 15c to 50c.
MONDAY, Nov. 2»— Extra Mat. Thanks-
giving.
First Stock Presentation of
' A POOR RELATION,
Bol Smith Ruseell'B Beautiful Flajr.
BELASCO & MAYER Proprietors
Market St.. Near Eighth Phone South 533
Matinee To-day— To-night. Last Time of
UNCLE TOM'S CABIN.
The Gorgeous Dramatic Spectacle,
UNDER THE POLAR STAR.
Deolctlnr the Splendor* and the Perlla of the
. P Land of the Midnight Sun. •
Introducing for the First Tlm« In th« United
States the Esquimaux. Esquimau Dogs. Sleds
and Kyacks ofKOLTCHOFF-8 ARCTIC AND
ALASKAN EXHIBIT, En Route to the St.
TOirF^VKmNGS ........^Oo to Me
rKIWCjI MATINEE9 10c. ISc. gSc
High-Class Specialties Every Afternoon and
Evening in the Theater.
MARSH AND SARTELLA: ROSSLET AND
ROSTELLE: THE VOLKYRAS; QUEEN.
STOWE AND FEELY: -WAYNE AND LA
: MAR ; MABEL LAMSON. and -
NEW MOVING PICTURES. SHOWRiO THB
INGLESIDE AUTOMOBILE RAQES.
EBB THB COLOREolJABY IN THB INFANT
, , INCUBATOR..
RTtfA9BYA8 DT THB IOO.
Z^ota of run la the- Fenny Arcade.
—^—ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. Bo— — ¦—
SALHAMBRA
Eddy and Jones Streets. '
SUNDAY, : November ' 22, 8 p. m.
JULIUS. ASCHER (New York).-
MATHILDE FLEISCHER COMPANY. .
[..EHRLICHE ARBEIT.^ |
Musical Comedy in 5 acu.
Tickets at Goldstein A Conn's. 822 Market st.
San francisco by automobile.
: " •• ¦ Rates ; Less Than- Carriage Hire.' • •
JCall MOBILElGarriagei Co;
/ -^GOLDEN GATE AND -VAN NESS AVES.
. - Phones • Larkln 3841. Polk 8088.-
Downtown office.- Lobby Palace Hotel, ''Phone
.;:'•¦¦. i ¦¦¦>- • Bush ': 839. •-.-: »¦¦: -- .... . ..
, You can '. secure : these cars at the I of flc of *,yj
, hotal or caXe. Qxrea - night and. • day'. : - ~
UNION
COURSINQ
PARK
ANDREW DEAN", Judge.
3 A3. F. GRACE. Sllpp«»4
To-Day, Sunday, Nov. 15, 1903
CRACKS IN
Open and Puppy Stakes
$1000-Total Purse-$1000
DEC. 5 AND 6,
AMERICA'S CLASSIC :
JOHN GRACE CHALLENGE CUP
• SPECIAL TRAIN SERVICE.
Lear« Third and Townsend streets, lOftS
a. m. and X p. ra. ; Twenty-fifth and Valencia
streets, 5 minutes later. Returning imrneiW
ately after the last course. San Mateo eloctna
cars evtry 4 minute* during th« day.
ADMISSION. 23 CENTS. LADIES TREK. -
C. W. LEADBEATER
Of l*ndoa will Itrtcre uoon "The Growth J of
the Soul" (»ter«opttcon . views). In Golden
Gate Hall, at 8 o'clock to-night. Admission,
25 cents. *-':'; ¦.
AxnroAXi sta» coxrssa or szrrxsu.
TAiaraiEjrrs, t. m. c. a*— Fnii Huntar.
Co.. Clara Morris. Flsk Jubilee Singers. Bob
.Bnrdette,- Frances Hushes Co.. Moxart Sym-
phony Club., ate Course tickets and r*»
served seats now on «ale.
PaiflfP DON'T FAIL TO
1 U latC (8ee .the beautiful
nRI COURT Lounging
flflfl room, the EMPIRE
allU PARLOR, the
r» * PALM ROOM, the
Hniflfl LOUIS XV PAR-
Ul aim LORf and the LA-
O j i DIES'. WRITING
1 goo"-Death of Henry Cottrell.
OAKLAND. Nov. I4.f-Leonard A;
Gates, son of W. A. \ Gates," secretary of
the State Board' of Charities and .Cor
rections, r died '¦ at ; Fabiola ,; Hospital •' last
night '¦¦ after- a ' long illness. -~, The father of
the: deceased came* to "San Francisco re
cently • from . St.';. Paul, c Mlnn.,'t and >. resides
at 544 Turk .with; his family/'
Died After Long Illness.
OAKLAND. Nov. 14.— The following
marriage lioenses were Issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Leau F. Curnier, 52,
and Kate Manning, 43, both of Oakland;
Charles Stewart, over 21, and Dora
Even, over 18, both of Oakland; Robert
31. McMillan, over 21, Aiameda, and Jes
eie M. Bayles. over IS, Oakland; Magnus
P. Hill, over 21. and Emma L McCracken,
over IS, both of Oakland; Edward E. Ten
eycke. 23, Corte Madera, and Ethel H.
Moore, 28, Ban Francisco; Anthony E.
Pereria, 21, and May .Cortx, IS, both of
Haywards; Andrew Thomasen, 25, and
Carolina Karson, 24, both of Oakland;
Fingal J. Standneld. 29. and Clara B. Ja
cobson, 26, both of San Francisco.
Marriage Licenses.
The hue and cry is always great that
France is spending too much for her
army and that the sum exceeds that
spent by other countries. Now, since
1S91. the money spent on the army has
decreased every year, and of all the great
European powers Franc© is the one that
spends the least, and the 68S.000.000 francs
would be lessened one-third if the Min
istry of War did not have to pay for the
gendarmerie and the colonial troops, who
have nothing to do with the national de
fense. Statistics prove the while France
spent 1,000.000 francs, Italy spent 2,583,000,
Austria 9,730,000, Germany 18,333,000, Rus
sia 23,000,000 and Great Britain 35,333,000.
The financial position in France shows
that It is the best in Europe, and for the
last twelve years she has 'always been
ready, to lend millions of francs to foreign
cotmtriesfrom a well tilled and ever ' re
plenishing treasury and a statesman said,
while talking of the great : amount '.':; of
money made in "America, "It is; not what
a nation and a man makes that tells; It
is bow they spend and save their money
If a laborer makes S3 a day and spends
the whole of It he is not so well off: as
the one who makes a dollar a day and
saves a quarter of it"-^Brooklyn Eagle
France's Economical Army.
School Director Mark would like to se
cure the position s held- by.."" Professor
Brooks, as it pays $250 per month and Is
practically of ? life ;" tenure. / ' v
Professor Brooks was seen last evening
and said that he had. no intention of re
tiring in i the near future, and that if he
did decide to retire . he . would not do so
for one year, or possibly for. two years. "I
have served in the city schools for. twen
ty-nine,years, 1 " he said, "and the question
of my retiring from active work has nat
urally been discussed by myself • and -. my
friends ¦ for some time. But I' have not
decided to ; retire. If : I do soi it ;will not
be for a year and it may not be for, two
years." '•;?; ;' ' ; , --;¦.,-, . . . :'~-: ;
The rumor that Professor Elisha
Brooks, principal of the Girls' High
School, Intends to resign shortly from his
position Is apparently untrue. For some
days City Hall circles have discussed it
and the further one that School Director
Cecil W. Mark was building his political
fences in order to secure the coveted po
sition.
Principal; of Girls' High School De
nies That He Intends to
- Retire. -
PROFESSOR BROOKS
WILL RETAIN POST
OAKLAND, Nov. 14.— Mrs. Martha
Priest a pioneer woman of this State,
who came to California in 1S49, died this
morning at the home of her son-in-law,
George E. Dlxon. at Ninth and Klrkham
streets. Her Illness was very brief, dat
ing only from last Monday. , ,
Had Mrs. Priest lived six days longer
she would have reached her ninetieth
birthday. She was the mother of D. H.
Priest and Mrs- George E. Dlxon, both of
whom reside In this city, and was the
grandmother of Mrs. Beatrice Priest Fine,
the well-known New York singer.
The deceased was a native of Belfast,
Maine. MfH
PIONEER WOMAN DIES
AFTER SHORT ILLNESS
PILEDRIVER TTTRNS. TURTLE
AT POINT RICHMOND
Valuable Machinery Dumped Into the
Bay During Fierce/ Storm
Friday.
, POINT RICHMOND, Nov. 14.— The big
plledriver belonging to the A Thompson
Bridge and Wharf Company of San Fran
cisco, which has been -moored • at: the nevr
Santas FeV wharf,' capsized 'during] the
storm this. morning, ; dumping > the engine,
boilers and machinery into the bay., The
big float was badly / damaged , by v the , vio
lent tearing . out of . the heavy engines.
Gertie Coffin Sent to Jail.
OAKLlAND.Nov: 14^— Gertie Coffin, .who
has been on probation for J the 'last month;'
was sentenced Lto * ninety days In ."the
County Jail this there ; " having
been no .visible '; improvement! in • her * con-'
duct. . Judged Smith * received j a* note from
the r girl's Smother;- asking \ him * to dismiss
the cuso, but he decided thatlt.was better
that she be removed for a time from;, her
evil associates. I&ISSSiSSHBSHRsflB
, The electrlc;bottle^mentioned:by, Frank-^
lin was undoubtedly the; Leyden -Jar,
There is certainly very little new under
the sun, not even in wireless telegraphy.
Fifty years ago the London Times spoke
of telegraphic experiments being made at
Portsmouth. England, with perfect suc
cess at a mllldam 600 feet across, by
which', with an operating battery on one
side and V dial on the other side a tele
graph message was conveyed through the
water without the aid of connecting wires.
An electric wife ; was submerg ed, : termin
ating in a plate constructed for the pur
pose/ The Times said: " ,
"It is contended that in the same man
ner a telegraphic message may be.con
veyed across the British Channel without
continuous cable* • of ¦• wire."
Professor Mprsehad, made, similar suc
cessful . experiments ten years Previous,
or sixty -', years ago, ; in . communicating
across ¦ the - Susquehanna River, and x he
was experimenting with a view to arrang
ing wireless telegraph communication be
tween the ; United States and Great
Britain/ . . . / : -• ¦
But both these experimenters . were an
ticipated by. Benjamin Franklin more than
150 s years ago. m 1748 : Dr. Franklin } and
some of his friends held what, they called
an "electric feast'.' on the' banks of the
Schuylkill, 1 ¦ near : Philadelphia, which _¦ was
at once amusing and scientific. The doc
tor r gave ' an account f of ? it ; to his friends,
Peter v Colllngton of London, in these
words: I 7 * ....
"Chagrined a little that we have hither
to^ been; able to' produce {'nothing In: this
way -of i use » to ¦% mankind,';, and the hot
weather) coming .: on/ : when i. electrical ex
periments aro not : so agreeable," it ' Is pro
posed '- to •. put * an * end :¦. to ;'; them ; for this
season . somewhat ) humorously ' in a * party,
of > pleasure lonUhe; banks ;6f the^Schuyl
kill.:t\ Spirits i are v at%the = same time- to be
fired \ by • a ; shock' sent | from } side ' to \ side
through the; river I without any other, con
ductor.?; than; L the \water.; an experiment
twhlch' we Vsome ? time since I performed '.to
the"; amazement [of ; many. -; A" turkey Is " to
be j killed ', for ;' our/ dinner- by ; the i electric
shock,"; and % roasted - by; the .^electric "i Jack
before fa'; flre' kindled . by," the': electric j bot^
tie, \ when 4 the < healths * of i all the ; famous
electricians > of ; England,' 1 Holland;'. France
and , Germany . are .'. to ; be : drunk ¦ in \ electri
fied bumpers under the discharge of guns
frojri ;the i electrical VbSttery." - ¦ X. k V>
Was Sent in England
Full Fifty Years
Since.
FIRST MESSAGE
WITHOUT WIRES
OAKLAND. Nov. 14.— Major and Mrs.
Alfred Harris, who. for the past two
years, have had charge of Salvation Army
¦work in Honolulu, have arrived in this
city en route to Milwaukee, Wis., where
they will aseume charge of the work of
the Lake division. To-morrow evening
they will lead the regular Sunday even-
Ing services at the Salvation Army bar
racks on Ninth street near Clay.
Major Harris and his wife are well
known in Oakland, having been at the
head of the local Salvation Army work
more than twenty years ago. Axter a
ehort etay in this city they will resume
their Journey east
Kajor and Mrs. Alfred Harris Will
Lead Evening Services at Local
Barracks.
PIONEER SALVATION ARMY
WORKERS VISIT OAKLAND
current of electricity, and thus that elec
tricity not only rules as the organizing
force of crystallization In the Inorganic
mineral forms, but also throughout the
entire organic world of life.
The old Greeks gave a picturesque and
synthetic view of life looking toward
poetry, while the modern electricians
present the analytical and practical side
of life, with their eyes on money.—Balti
more American.
How Tolstoi Caught the Lady.
£ An . amusing incident occurred during
Tolstoi's recent visit to the Crimea. A
rich American arrived in his yacht, ac
companied by a party of friends, and
asked permission to see the great Rus
sian, who was HI, promising that they
would be content with a glimpse tnd
would not trouble him with talk. Leave
was granted. Tolstoi saf upon his bal
cony, and the whole party of Americans
slowly and silently walked before him.
One lady, however, refused to be boun.i
by the contract She stood still for a
minute and shouted: "Leo Tolstoi, all your
noble writings have had a profound In
fluence upon my life, but the one which
has taught me the most is your " Hero
she forgot the name of the work. The
sick author leaned over 'the rail of tlio
balcony and whispered, with a smile:
"The Dead Souls?" "Yes, yes." she re
plied. "That book," said Tolstoi, "was
written by Gogol, not by me."— Leslie's
Weekly.
Overlooked by the Historian.
"Personally," said Mr. Spenlow to the
unfortunate man whose investments,
made In compliance with his advice, had
turned out badly. "I should be glad to
¦hare the loss with you. but I have a
partner— Mr. Jorkins— who flatly refuses
to permit it Mr. Jorkins, In fact, says
we have lost so much ourselves in the
transaction that we cannot afford it My
hands, as you perceive, are tied. On this
point Mr. Jorkins is immovable. If it
were In my power, my dear sir. , nothing
would give me greater pleasure than to—
I beg pardon. May I ask what you are
laughing at?" :" .. : .'
"I couldn't help It, sir." said the un
fortunate Investor, trying In vain to re
strain his mirth. "That's Just the way
Schwab talks about Morgan!"
"With Inexcusable carelessness. Mr.
Dickens omits all reference to this Inci
dent, in the fragmentary memoirs he has
left us of Mr. Spenlow.— Chicago Tribune.
New York Wants Pure Milk.
. In^ order to secure certification of his
milk by the .Milk Commission of New
York City, the dairyman must bare a
clean cement floor stable with white
washed walls and ' abundant windows.
Cows must be sponged and their tails
scrubbed before each milking. Whiter
suits must be worn by the attendants."
bottles and utensils scalded and filled *
bottles kept on ice and shipped only In
refrigerator cars.—Exchange
; Practical politics Is essentially preda
tory.- '.-_ .;:. <-.,-- -;•,. . • _
which had been invented a couple of years
before by Cuneus, of Leyden, In Holland.
It was also then called a battery.
The Abbe Nollet In 1746 first drew atten
tion to resemblances between the effects
of lightning and those of the electrical
machine for generating sparks. "Wlnckler
next argued for the Identity of the two
kinds of power. Franklin followed up the
argument by experiments in 1745-50. Act
ing under Franklin's Instructions, Doll
bard, in France, on May 10, 1752, obtained
sparks from an iron rod forty feet high
and charged a Leyden jar with electricity.
Franklin did not make his kite experiment
until the 15th of the following June. He
did not then. understand or rightly Inter
pret the experiment which gave him his
electrical reputation.
His experiment excited great interest In
Europe, and while Professor Rlchmann of
St. Petersburg was explaining and demon
strating to a companion the construction
of. some of Franklin's apparatus he was
killed by a large spark discharged from
the machine. *
The v French Academy of Sciences
awarded to ; Mr. Romas the merit of in
venting the electrical kite a year before
It was ; employed by Franklin. The kite
made by Romas was seven and a half
feet high, three feet wide, and had a sur
face of eighteen square feet. .The kite
was ' sent up 650 feet Electrical , sparks
were obtained and shocks of great vio
lence were witnessed. ' ,
In 1753 the Abbe Mazeas, by means of a
wire 870 feet long, attached to a steeple
at Malntenon. proved that electrical action
is excited not only in storms, but In dear/
dry. and especially in hot weather, at all
hours between sunrise and sunset N
First discoverers seldom get things quite
correct -When Columbus discovered land
at the end of his - famous voyage he
thought he had arrived at India, and was
looking out for the . towers of "Fair
Cathay." He never . discovered that his
discovery was not India, but a new con
tinent or the Islands belonging to It.
Two astronomers.. by a lucky miscalcu
lation, both discovered, the planet Nep
tune. The discovery was very hotly dis
cussed. 'Although' if the reasoning of the"
two scientists had been correct : neither
would have found the planet still the
planet happened to be where they thought
it , was, and the world now knows all
about it "
: In . the same w^r Franklin - was away
off in his reasonhig afibut^ electricity,; but
he has been" credited ' with the discovery
of how to bring lightning, down from
heaven. . -
It only remains now. fafr some exploring
philosopher. to prove that the trick of the
ancient •; and , mythological • Prometheus » In
bringing down - fire from heaven was done
by an " anticipation of :. the f modern : light
ning-rod, and that Jupiter constantly used
wireless telegraphy/ as well as his peculiar
telepathy.? all around £ the ; regions . of old
Olympus in the, early days ~of Greece.
Proof of .this "ought; not to be? difficult
to produce,: because it is said that Prome
theus formed ' man of clay -* and animated
him' with fire brought' down from , heaven.*
'And now the fact Is fully established that
there Is '. no ; growing I or; living ; animal ; or
vegetable > cell t that- does not have its ' own
Ogara ran away with the daughter of
an Aiameda motorman. She was but IS
years of age and after living with her for
some time be deserted her. He was con
victed of this crime and ' given a long
term.
OAKLAND, Nov. 14.— An effort Is being
made to have J. S. Doble and Walter
Ogara, sentenced frota this* county to Ban
Quentin prison, released on parole. Dis
trict Attorney Allen has been asked for
certificates to be presented to the prison
directors In their behalf.
Doble was an Itinerant preacher and
was sentenced to a term of years in the
penitentiary for burglarizing a church.
He stole Bibles and other books and
pawned some of the church plate. He
also sold an automobile to' several dif
ferent people and the litigation caused
over possession of the machine has cost
more than it was worth several times over
and is not finished.
Friends of J. S. Doble and Walter
Og&ra Making Efforts in Their
Behalf.
ABE ENDEAVORING TO
HAVE PRISONERS PAROLED
"If a' person were confined in a' room
with purple walls, with no color -tout pur
ple around him." we are told, "by the end
of a month he would be a madman." And
no wonder. It is easy to see how a per
son compelled to look for a whole month
at purple walls, purple celling, purple
landscapes, purple cows, purple fountains
and purple bedding, and to partake of
food composed only of Concord grapes,
preserved beets and thin coffee, to write
upon purple paper with violent ink, to
read purple novels and to think purple
thoughts, would get purple in the face,
swear purple words, and get purply mad.
But this is not all of It-
Scarlet is as bad, and its effects are
even worse. It produces a madness that
causes its victims to murder their nearest
friends. Scarlet has a terrible effect even
upon animals. It will drive a bull or a
tiger to desperation. And then there is
blue. Blue Is depressing. It acts like a
drug on the brain. It gives one the mully
grubs. Hence the blues. The effect of
too much blue in your surroundings is ter
rible. Taken in moderation, however, as,
for instance, in the way of huckleberry
pie, it is not so very hurtful.
But green— "green is the k(ng or colors."
It Is soothing in its effect, if) not taken in
ternally in the shape of early cucumbers.
It Is balm for the brain and for the eye
sight. Not alone In its singular number,
but in its plural also, as, for Instance,
greens. It is uplifting to the entire system.
Even green apples are not so bad. They
are splendid correctives for thoughtless
boys. The sky is really green, although
it looks blue. The sea Is really green, al
though it seems to take on other hues at
times. Green is so soothing that it helps
the system to fight disease, and therefore,
our authority says, all sick rooms should
be papered or painted green. Sage green
is the most soothing green of all.
Next to green, yellow is the best of col
ors, but. alas! solitary confinement In a
yellow room, particularly if the prisoner
be compelled to read yellow newspapers,
hopelessly wrecks the system and pro
duces hysteria.- The yellow newspapers
have been known to do this, however,
even to persons who have not been In
solitary confinement There may be some
variety, of course, with green for a foun
dation, a little purple here, a dash of
scarlet there; here a flash of yellow/- and
there a dab of blue, would not hurt, but
we cannot be too careful of our minds,
especially If they be weak.
Those who are wrapt up in the home
beautiful movement, we are sure, , will
thank ua for directing their attention to
what seems to be a timely note of warn
ing sounded by'the'eurrent issue of Medi
cal Talk for the Home. According to this
authority, the prevailing fad for red
rooms, blue rooms, yellow rooms, green
rooms, etc.. Is likely to lead to sad re
sults unless subjected to intelligent direc
tion and restraint. The influence of color
upon the human mind Is so strong, It
seems, that Ipnorant and careless persons
are liable, while making the home beauti
ful, to wreck some <Jf the noblest intel
lects beneath its roof. Purple, for ex
ample, is put down as a most dangerous
color, its effect upon the gray matter of
those coming under Its constant influence
being of a disturbing and even of a fatal
character.
Purple Leads to Madness and
Scai-let Excite* to
Murder.
INFLUENCE OF COLOB
- ON THE EMOTIONS
ALAMEDA. Nov.' 14— MIbb Ethelyn Corn
well entertained a progresslonal euchre ¦ club
at the home of her mother. Mrs. R. S. "Myrlck,
1315 Lafayette street, this afternoon. The
following members of the club, women from
Ban Francisco. Oakland and Aiameda, were
present: Mrs. Frank Stiay, Miss Elva Shay,
Mrs. Condlt. Mrs. George Faulkner. Mrs. A. A.
Sawyer. Mr*. Shanklln, Miss Carrie L. Dick,
Mies Eva Shepson, Mrs. Roach. Mrs. McKlnley
and Mrs. Wentfall.
The Women's Civic Improvement Club will
meet In Common School Assembly* Hall, Cha
bot Observatory, next Monday at 3:80 p. m.
Reports from the various committees will be
read and much of interest will be brought be
fore the members of the club. All women-in
terested are cordially invited to attend this
meeting.
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Magee leave shortly
for the East to visit Mrs. Magee's sister, Mrs.
Frank Richardson Wells, in Vermont.
The Blackstone Hill Club will play "five
hundred" next Monday evening at the residence
of Mrs. Frank Adams.
Mrs. Henry Butters returned I from New
York a few days ago. She went East several
weeks ago to place her two younger daughters.
Misses Marie and Marguerite Butters, In Miss
Scovllle'a finishing school.
Mrs. Roy Mauvals' luncheon for the Misses
Dunphy will also be next Thursday. Covers
will be laid for twenty-eight and the luncheon
will doubtless be a brilliant affair. '...-
Mrs. William Watt will entertain at lunch
eon next Thursday In honor of Mrs. J. Lang
don (nee Dunbam).
Dr. Morey Is a successful practicing dentist
and Miss Koenlg is the youngest daughter of
F. Koenlg, a capitalist of this city.
The date for their marriage is not set, but It
will not take place before the new year. .- In
the meantime many events are being planned
for the young bride-to-be, the ' first being a
dinner next Friday by Mrs. Dudley Kinsell.
On the 27th ir.nt. Mrs. John It. Coryell . of
Ban Francisco will entertain at cards for
Miss Koenltr.
The announcement of the engagement of
Miss Wllhelmlna Koenlg and Dr. C. L.
Morey, prominent young people of this city,
was not a surprise to their many friends, who
have been In possession of the secret for some
time. Both young people are accomplished
musically. Dr. Morey being a violinist of con
siderable ability, and Miss Koenlg possessing
a contralto voice of unusual fullness.
The programme for the coming concert, 'which
will be at the Unitarian church, includes read
ing by Miss Alice* Mould, selection by Miss
Winifred Wilson and Warner Sherwood, with
a girls' glee -club chorus, -the members of
which are: Nana Swain, Sophie Karawski,
Maude Goodwin, Alice Britton. Ivah Murphy,
Augusta Raun, Hazel Armstrong, Helen Wat
erman, Flora Bercovlch, Mamie Stroud, Grace
Anderson, Irene Cardoza. Elsie C&hUI, Jessie
Palmer, Ellta Crane. Margaret Neall, Leila
Barlow, Florence Krausse, Hazel Roberts, Alice
Mould and Mabel Sherbourne. A cello solo
is to b» rendered by William X^eimert, aedft
tralto solo by Mar«aret Neall, vlulln duet by
Sidney Miller and Mlna Clark, soprano solo by
Warner Sherwood, contralto solo t by Hazel
Roberts, cornet solo by Eliza Cahlll * The girls'
orchestra will, during the evening, render sev
eral selections. The players are: Sidney Mil
ler,'Hazel McPlke, Juliette Stettenbentz, Alice
Chamberlain, Edith Chamberlain. Elsie Cahlll,
Alesla Gil, Grace Nourse and Edna Bower. '
OAKLAND, Nov. 14.— The concert which ia
given annually by the High School Glee Club
for the btneflt of the boys' athletic associa
tion will take place this year on Friday even
ing, November 20, and as usual is anticipated
with considerable interest by the young: people
in town. The concert of last year was both
an artistic and a financial success and the
Unitarian church 'was crowded. There Is every
indication that the young- ladies of the Glee
Club will meet with the "> same success next
Friday.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
Desquesnes is not so difficult as it looks.
Dekane would pass muster, and you may
also come across Dekann. Regarding
Charteris and Sandys, you will win ap
proval in high society if you stick . to
Charters and Sands; and those individuals
known as Jervis, Berkeley. and Derby like
to hear the first "eV. tarried Into "ah."
Why, It is difficult to say.
Spare a Welshman's feelings by saying
Aberganny, and not.Abergavenny, and, if
possible, don't attempt to pronounce
Amwich. If you are English it is beyond
you. A fairly successful way is to start
with "Am" and leave : the rest to luck.
If you are going to Dolgelly: for your
holidays, ask for a ticket to Dolgethly;
and if you are a cyclist, don't inquire the
way to. Llanelly. If : you ; do, you .will
probably never get" there. The rustic
would Vbite" at Llanethly, however.
Don't think of some dimunitive maiden
when you speak of/,Wemyss; "call, it
Weems " and you - may be taken for a
Scotchman; and if you are over the bor
der, don't ; forget that Kirkcudbright is
pronounced, Kurcoobree.
- The- celebrated : news agency is called
Roiter's not Rooter's; 1 and the produce of
flve finger exercises for budding musicians
— Czerny— Is called Chernee. That famous
Italian, Boccaccio, was simply known as
Bok-kart-cho. not half ? bo disturbing as
the number of "o's" would suggest .'¦
There is no need to look up Beauchamp;
it Is merely a playful rendering, of the'fa
mous maker of pills. Duchesne has such
an awe-inspiring appearance it is a pity
we must pronounce it Dukarn. Heathcote
is shortened into Hethcut, and Dlllwyn
has quite an Irish flavor when pronounced
Dillon. - -
Some people are much annoyed if they!
art not addressed in .' their own special I
way. Mr. St. John likes to be called Sin Jin '
but as a geographical term he doc:i not
mind you saying Saint John. Anstruther is
doubtful," but often shortens into Anster.
The "Macs" also are very susceptible re
garding, their surnames. If you want to
be friends with McLeod and Maclean, call
them Makloud and Maklane, and if you |
have intentions regarding Mr. Strachan's j
daughter, don't call him Strakan'if you
value your chances, but Strawn. Follow
ing these good intentions, you must'ad
dress Beauclerk as-Beauclare and Beau
volr as Beever. j
In case you ever move In ambassadorial !
circles or make friends on the Riviera, i
don't forget the Baron de Longuevllle Is |
called Loneveal. M. St. Cyr will answer i
you if you say Sanseer, and Strous would j
be a good rendering of the name of the j
eminent composer of waltzes. Markyar- j
velee will be. as near as you can get to '
Machiavclli. but possibly. you may, be able
to avoid this distinguished personage.
A couple of "Saints" are rather puz
zling. St. Clair should be rendered Sin
clair, and if • you would, win a smile of
approval pronounce St. Leger Bellinger or
Selleger."
We usually laugh at the foreigner's ef
forts to master the pronunciation of our
mother tongue, but most of us are nqt
without doubt when we come to pro
nounce certain proper nouns. Any number
of surnames and geographical names re
ceive as many as four different render
ings, and it is quite possible to persuade
any, one that his or her way is' not the
correct one." Some surnames are so mal-.
treated as to be quite unrecognizable
from the spelling. No wonder the average
individual finds an English dictionary in
dispensable. V
Probably the most remarkable quartet
are Colqohoun, Marjorlbanks, Cholmonde
ley and Bagehot. ~They look much less
impressive when spelled" as pronounced-p
Cohoon, Marshbanks, Chumley and BaJoC.
Phonetic spelling deprives many names of j
their terrors. That awful name/ Geoghe- j
gan would become simply Gagan;" Ruth- |
ven would be Riven,' and Cockburn Ko- j
burn. !
Hastily.
A Few Reasons Why a Stranger
Should Not Attempt Them
PRONUNCIATION OP SOME ,
WORDS IN ENGLAND'
Since the reopening of the Dewey Mr.
Charles E. Cook, the manager of the
theater. ""has used every endeavor to se
cure the highest class t»f entertainment
for his patrons, and the success of the
playhouse under the new management is
largely due to his individual efforts to
please the public.
Next wee"k, commencing with a Sunday
matinee, the Keane Company will pre
sent Ouida's famous drama. "Under Two
Flags." Mr. Keane will appear as Ber
tie Cecil and Miss Henrietta Browne will
undertake the difficult role of Cigarette."'
All of the scenery and furniture used
by the Keane Company in its repertoire
are owned by Mr. Keane, who has given
the most careful attention to the staging
of his productions.
OAKLAND. Nov. 14.— The James Keane
Company closed the first week of Its four
weeks' engagement at the Dewey Thea
ter this evening after a very successful
production of the famous comedy drama.
"Heart and Sword." The stage settings
cf the piece were remarkable for their
beauty and perfection of detail, and the
cast was unusually strong.
JAMES TTF.ATTE CLOSES
rERST WEEK AT DEWEY
Next "Week "Under Two Flags" Will
Be Presented by Same
/ Company.
1 Suit for (25,000 damages was begun to
day against S. T. Alexander, the Ha
waiian sugar king, by A. J. Fulmer, a
tenant of Alexander, who alleges I that
he has been falsely imprisoned and also
robbed of his good name thrpugh the ac
tion of Alexander and his foreman,
George W. Burtner. Fulmer alleges that
Alexander, becoming dissatisfied with a
bargain he made with him in regard to
the purchase of a ranch in Shasta Coun
ty, used unusual means to gain his ends.
The action is based upon the arrest of
Fulmer by the alleged connivance of the
defendant, Alexander, on November 30,
1902. Fulmer says he leased a ranch in
Shasta County from Alexander with an
option of buying it for $13,000. Afterward,
he eays, Alexander became dissatisfied
with the arrangement and tried to have
his foreman. Burtner, oust him forcibly
from the premises.
Fulmer says that he saw an attorney
In regard to the matter, who told him
what his rights were and advised him. to
stand his grounds. "When Burtner called
the second time, he resented the intru
sion and drove him off his land. The
next Sunday, while on his way to church,
Fulmer was seized by the Constable and
handcuffed and taken to Anderson Jail.
He says he was humiliated before his
acquaintances and in support of his al
legation of animus eays that when the
case came up before the Justice of the
peace for. the preliminary hearing, no one
appeared to prosecute him" and he was
discharged.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 14.
ALAMEDA. Nov. 14.— Next Saturday the
Manual Training and Drawing Teachers'
Association will meet In convention In
assembly hall In tfie Aiameda High
School. It will be the first session of the
organization to be held in this city. Su
perintendent of Schools Fred T. Moore
will open the' convention In the morning
at 10:30 o'clock with an address of wel
come to the visiting pedagogues. He will
be followed by Dr. A- W. Scott, principal
of the Aiameda High School, who will
likewise extend the visitors a cordial
Professor Myer Jaffa of the University
of California will lecture at the morning
session on "The Place of Nitrogenous
Food In Diet." During the afternoon ses
sion papers will be read by the following:
24. J Doyle "Outline, Design and Orna
mentation"; Dr. Elmer E. Brown. "Some
Relations of Manual Training With
Other Aspects cf Education"; Miss M. A.
Hicks "Hearst Domestic Industries";
Charles P. Neilson. "Art in the Public
Schools"; Mrs. C. L. Starks. "High
School Drawing."
Teachers of the public schools and stu
dents of the high school have been invit
ed to attend the convention.
Supervisor Rowe has been untiring in
his work on the. new wagon road and it
is owing to his efforts and" personal''su
pervision that the road was completed
before the beginning of the rainy season.
It is expected that at the next meeting
of the Merchants 1 Exchange a committee
will be appointed to call ; upon the Cen
tral California Improvement Association
and request that body to take official
cognizance of the completion of the only
wagon road tunnel in the State and. the
means it affords to homeseekers* to
reach the most picturesque sections of
Aiameda and Contra Costa" counties.
Supervisor Rowe, in whose road district
the new tunnel to Contra Costa County
is situated, has appointed a custodian of
the tunnel, who will watch for any
trouble in the big bore, and also patrol
the new wagon road to see that it is
not rendered dangerous by landslides or
washouts. In case of damage to the
road or tunnel, this guardian will imme
diately report to^Supervisor Rowe in or-,
der that repair may be made at once.
The headquarters of the tunnel's guardi
an will be near the Aiameda County en-
trance.'and one of his duties will be to
see that no malicious damage is done.
A storehouse will be bulit'and will be
stocked by the Board of Supervisors with
all the implements necessary to repair
any damage to the tunnel or " the new'
road.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 14.
Rockridge Park is to become the per
manent home of the Country Club, the
deal: for. the property,' which is at pres
ent in the hands of the Realty Syndicate,
having ; beeh closed during'the last week.
In addition to the park proper, which was
formerly owned by the late Charles Liver
more, the club will lease thirty -acres of
j the adjoining property with the privilege
of purchasing. '
Tlifi old Livermore house will be re
fitted and furnished and will be. used as
a clubhouse. The 120 acres of the park
"will afford ample room for golf links and
polo grounds, both of which sportB will .
be heartily encouraged by the club. - j
The officers of the club are: President,
Edwin Goodall;.viee president. Frank M.
Wilson; secretary, Samuel Bell McKee;
treasurer, William Pierce Johnson. The
directors are: F. W. Van Sicklen, George ,
W. McNear Jr. and P. E. Bowles.
The Oakland Riding Club, which was \
organized about a .year ago, will be dis
solved and will "be merged into the;.
Country Club. The exercise and practice j
track on "Twenty-third street, near the .
head of the lake, has been disposed of and
the fencing sold. - , ; |
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 14.-
Prepare Papers on Various
Branches of Domestic
Education.
Says Reputation - Was Dam
aged to That Extent by
Alexander.
Polo Grounds and. Golf Links
Will Be Built in the
tNear Future.
Custodian Will Patrol New
Road to Protect It From
Landslides.
Supervisor Rowe Ap
points Man to Act
as Guardian.
A. J. Fulmer, Sues Ha
~waiian Sugar King
for $25,000.
Old Li vermore Place Is
Secured for a
x? reserve.
Manual Art Instructors
Are to Assemble in
Aiameda.
COUNTRY CLUB
GETS ROCKRIDGE
TEACHERS WILL
HOLD INSTITUTE
ALLEGES FALSE
IMPRISONMENT
TO KEEP WATCH
AT NEW TUNNEL
THE FAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 1903;
OAKLAND. Nov. 14.— The rainfall for
the last twenty-four hours . was .E2 of an
Inch, making a total to date of 2.88 Inches
for the season. Dazing the corresponding
season last year 4.58 laches of rain fell.
Oakland Ttni-nMi
-OAKLAND.; Nov. 14.— The. last $3000
essary to f complete 1 the J bond "of $10,000 ". to
guarantee the city against a suit for dam
ages ¦ In " the . garbage • crematory- fight \ has
been' raised by the Second Ward Improve
ment Club,' and the' bond jWill; be presented
to the City Council ' at Its 1 next ; meeting.; '
Second Ward' Has Raised Bonds.
The California Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association has Issued * a proof
edition of the blue book. It Is ' a descrip
tive catalogue of the products of this
State, and Is published with the Idea of
making these different products better
known.. It is very complete and Is printed
in plain, clear-cut : type ; and , handsomely
illustrated. The officers of the associa
tion are: President, A. "Bbarboro: first
vice president, ' J. - P. Currier: second vice
president, Charles R. Allen:, third 'vice
president, \ Ari C. Rulofson; treasurer, YA.
Sbarboro; secretary and manager, Charles
EL" Bancroft. -
Issue Blue Book.
OAKLAND. Nov. 14AHenry Cottrell,
father of the well-known playwright and
actor, Henry D. Cottrell, " died at his
home, 1019 Filbert street. . last night. The
deceased was 63 years "51" age, and leaves
a wife and two sons, Henry D. and Fred
erick G. CottrelL Arrangements for the
funeral have not yet been made. .
38
¦; ; ' wi4h ['€'¦}}¦
Ifl fS A \F ' welly n
'TpHIS is one of three famous sporting pictures to be GIVEN
* AWAY FREE to all readers of The Sunday Call. Watch for
"ODDSIDES/' "POINTER" and "THE SPORTMEN'S TROPHY."
Greater San Francisco's Greatest Paper
If you cannot secure The Call on trains, please inform us, as The Call is
for sale on all trains.
NEXT SUNDAY^CALli.
WATCH ' FOR THE i{
beautiful pictures
¦ : : inv'the^bio:'-
thanksgivingWhen Frank H. Clergue, promoter of
the Lake Superior Consolidated Company,
was a little boy in Maine, playing about
the lumber wharves in Bangor, he gave
promise of his ability at financiering, his
old neighbors says, and that without in
vesting any of his own capital. A circus
was coming to town, and the embryo
promoter was hard- put for the price of a
ticket. Then he had an inspiration.
All the 'water which came to the circus
grounds was brought through a wooden
tunnel from* far up the hilL Its source
was an old spring, seldom visited and
hard • of access. Frank waited until the
morning parade was over and the circus
help were hungry for their midday meal.
Then he mounted the hillside and inserted
a wooden plug in the-tunneL By the time
he had reached the grounds he four.il
everything ripe for a strike. Tho water
had ceased to run.
"Say. -mister, gimme a ticket, an* I'll
fix it for you." he offered.-
"Fix it, and you can have half a dozen,"
cried the manager.
Inside of. ten minutes the plug was re
moved and- the horses were drinking their
fill. And the boy Frank took five bosom
friends to the show.— New York Times.
The number of regular academic
bachelor, degrees conferred last year was
as follows: --'A. B., 7943; B. 8..3023; Ph.
B., 1112: E. L.; 716. Of higher degrees
the numbers were: A. M., 12S0; M. S..
192; Ph. M.. 22; M. 1^, 12.
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
There Is no change in the situation. Trade is
quiet and the general tone Is easy.
FRUIT— Apricots, 7Q8^c for Royals arid 9@
lie for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 4@5^c;
sun-dried, 3V4@4c; Peaches. - 4 %»«Hc; Pears,
eeiOc-,' Nectarines, 4®5%c; Figs, white. 4®4%o
In boxes;, black, 4%c; Plums, pitted. 6@0c per
1903 crop, 2i4@3c lor. . the four
sizes. * ¦ . •
. RAISINS — F. o. b. Drtces, Fresno, for 1903
crop: CO-lb boxes— Loose • Muscatel 2-crown,
6%c per lb; S-crown. 5%c: 4-crown, 6%c; Seed
less. Muscatels,. 4%c; do floated, 4 Mi c; un
bleached Sultanas, 4%c;- Thompson's Seedless,.
6Hc.~" London Layers — 2-crown, $125; 3-crown,'
$1 85; 4-crown clusters, $2;6-crown Dehesas,
$2 50; 6-crown Imperials; $3; Malaga Loose, 2
crown. 6c per lb: i do 3-crown,' 5%c; Valencia
Cured, 4%c; Pacific do,3?4c; Oriental do, 2%c.
Seeded Raisins— 16-oz packages, fancy, \8c -per
lb; • choice, v 7%c: 12-os * packages, fancy, * 6%c;
choice. 6%c; in bulk," fancy. 7%c; choice, 7%c
— Walnuts, 'No. 1 softshell,13J4@14c;
No.-2. 11%®12c; No. 1 hardshell.' 13®13V^e;
No/ 2, ¦ lieil%c; Almonds, 11* for Nonpareils."
SATURDAY. Nov. 14—12 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS. *
Bid. Ask. Btd-Ask.
is qr coup..ll0V61H% 4s or new..l34l4135U
4s qr reg.:.110V.lll'< 3s qr coup.. 107% 108%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. .
Ala A W 5s. — — D061 ....107 IOO
Bay CPC 6a. — 103% Do con 5s. — 1O4
Cal C G 5s.. 105 — OW.CiJs. — 97
Cal C & E K Oceanic S 5i. 75 79
m & ct 6s. — 102% Om-C R 6s. 120 —
Cal-st 5s .. — Pao G Im 4s — : 97
C C Wat 5s. — 100 P E Ry 5s. — —
E L & P 68.120 — .. P & C H 6a, — —
F & C-H 6fl. — 117 P & O H 68.116^120
Geary-st 5s.. 45 . 90 Powell-st fis.113% —
II 'C&S 6%s.l01 — !S E GAR 5s. — 101%
H C & SS 5s —100 SF & SJV5S.1I6HI17
Hon R T 6s.lO4%10B B R of C 6s.ll2% —
L A Eleo 6s.l01V4105% S P of A 6s -y---
L A Ry.6s.112 113- (1900) ....107% —
L A L Co 6s. — — (1910) ....108% —
Do Ktd 6s. • — — S P of C 6s ¦ '
Do ltd 6s.l02%105 (1905)Sr A.102% —
LAP lem 5s. — 103 (1905)Sr B.103% —
Mkt-st C 6S.11S — (1900) . . . .104% —
Do lem 6s.ll2%114 •¦;. (1912) ....114 —
NRR of COS — 107% SPC leg 5s. — ¦ —
Do 5s ...H4%115 Do stmpd.106%106%
N P C R 5s. — 109 S P B R 6a; — —
NCR 5s. .109' — 3 V W 6s. 105% —
N C P C 5s. — - Do 4s 2dm. — 99
N S R R 5s. — 97% Do 4a 3dm. — 99U
O G L H Ss.107. — Stkn G*E 6s — 102%
O T Co 6s.. 116 117% U G & E 5s. — 105
WATER STOCKS. : .. . ', ., .
Contra Coata — 45 (Port Coata.. — —
MarmCo ... 61 — ISp V W Co. 88 " 38U
,- v -, •". GAS , AND ELECTRIC. ' '
Cent L A P. 3% 4% S" F G & E. 69 ; 69U'
Mutual' E;L.. — ¦ 10% S F Gas L....3 —
Pac O :Im.. ; 55 . 55^ Stkn G & B. 5 —
PEACHES— Show no special feature,' re
maining quiet at recent' prices. Choice are
quoted at 7%©<«ic, extra choice at- 7?4@8%c
and fancr at 8!i©10Uc • •,#«•<>*<!
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market for
Evaporated Apples ¦ is easy under quiet de
mand. Common are quoted at 4 ft 5c, prime
at 6>4©5»ic; choice at 6@6%c and fancy at 7c.
PRUNES — Are quiet and about steady
with prices ranging from 2%c to 7c for all
grades. - - • . , ¦ -
APRICOTS— Are steady, with choice quoted
at 9U<?10Uc.
DRIED FRUITS,
SUGAR — Raw. nominal; fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugal. 86 test, 3%c: refined quiet; No. 6,
4.30c; No. 7. 4.25c; No. 8, 4.20c: No. 9, 4.15c;
No. 10, 4.10c; No. 11. 4.05c; No. 12, -4c;. No.
13. 3.D5c; No. 14. 3.P0c; confectioners' A, 4.55c;
mold A, 4.65c; cut loaf. 5.30c: crushed. 5.30c;
powdered, 4.8Cc; granulated, 4.70c; cubes.' 4.05c.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. steady; No. 7 Invoice.
6%c: mild. firm. Futures closed steady. Sales,
55,250 b«»rs. Including: December, 5.60c; Feb
ruary,' flrWc; March. 6.85c.
PETROLEUM— Firm.
NEW YORK, Nov. 14.— FLOUR— Receipts
25.000 bushels; exports. 0800; steady but quiet'
winter patents, $464 35; winter straights'
$3 050* 05; Minneapolis. $4 55<f4 70- winter
straights, $3tft3 35; Minnesota bakers', $3 70a
3 85: winter low grades, $3 S0@-4 15
WHEAT— Receipts. 1SS.300 bushels- saiM
1.200.O00 bushels futures, 15,000 spot- spot
firm; No. 2 red, 85%c f. o. b. elevator- No •»
red, 88*4e f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Du
luth. 87%c f. o. b. afloat. December wheat
had a strong advance this morning on reports
that mills had bought up all the red wheat
here. Otherwise the market was quiet ell the
forenoon. The close was very firm at WQ'Hc
net decline. March Closed 82c; July, 78%c-
Deccmber, 839ic •>• • • "
HOPS — Steady; Pacific Coast, 1002. 12S15U C .
olds. 0®0Hc '
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Firm: domestic fleece, 28a32c.
New York Grain and Produce.
Stock and Bond Exdtange*
. . . FUTURE^
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m. '
Open.- High. Low. Close.
December ...$l 11% $1 11% $1 11U $1 11 at
May 1 08%'. 1 08% 1 08% . 1 08%
OATS — Are quiet In sympathy with the other
Feed. $1 12HQI 15; Shipping and Brewing
$1 2001 25; Chevalier, $1 2001 45 for fair to
choice. • ...".
CASH BARLEY.
Open. . High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 36% $1 36% $i 38% : $1 ;w%
May 1 35* 1 35V4 1 35 1 35%
BARLEY — The heavy, rain during the fore
noon kept the market weak and dealers we ro
Indisposed to operate. Asking prices remained
the same, however, though futures were weak.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
California Club. $1 40@l 45; California White
Australian, $1 50^1 55; Northern' Club. $1 400
1 42%; Northern Bluestem. $1 5001 05; Oregon
Valley. $1 40©l 45 per ctL
. _ FUTURES. .!..>¦
WHEAT — The foreign markets continue quiet
and not materially changed.
Chicago was higher, but cables were unre
sponsive and the world's shipments large. The
Flour market was active, all mills reporting a
bl£ buctine&8. . • ¦ ¦ -
The Chicago report of Bolton, de Ruyter &
Co. said: "As heretofore when - the market
has turned strong, there is a good deal of bull
ish sentiment and a good deal of bullish talk.
We do not ourselves, however, see any mate-
rlal change from those which have . controlled
prices during the recent past. Primary re
ceipts are practically the eame as a year ago
and the export demand is less. Another large
Increase in the visible is likely on. Monday,
World's shipments will be about' 12,000,000
bushels. With these, coming every week and
with the favorable Argentine crop prospects
we are very skeptical about Europe following
any advance here, and unless they do, the ad
vance cannot be maintained. There Is more or
less talk of a lighter movement in the North
west, but every fall we hear the tame thing, ¦
and the Wheat usually keeps coming. If noth
ing else brings It, the premiums In the North
western markets are very likely to do so. Ex
port business for the day Is small, but Minne
apolis reports a large trade in flour, partly
for exoort." „ '
This market was weak as to futures,' and
unchanged aa to cash grain. Considerable
northern blueetem has lately sold to arrive at
$1 62i4©l 53%.
CASH WHEAT.
W heat and Other Grains.
Loans. $SR3.S55,000; decrease, $10,240 500-
Deposits, ${>53,4l5,100; decrease. $14.62!) fiOO*
Circulation, $15.9S3.0C0; increase. $105.*00
Leral tender. $f«.050.400; Increase. $SO.000.
Specie. $153,441,800; decrease, $2,934,100 Re-
Ecrve, $219,492,200: decresne, $2,913,200. Re
**2?'* ™*l u!red . f213.353.775; decrease, $3,657 -
400. Surplus. $6,138,425; Increase. $741 "00-
Ex. United States deposits, $15,368 850- in
crease, $C79,075. '
NEW YORK. Nov. 14.— The statement of
averages of the clearing-house banks of the
city shows :
'Associated Banks' Statement.
, —
To the person who knows nothing about
bees they represent the supreme type of
industry. But even the bee communities
are disturbed by those of their own kind
who break through and steal. Robber
bees are always a source of anxiety to
beekeepers, and at this time of year the
marauders seem particularly active. Hav
ing gathered no honey, or. at any rate,
an insufficient supply for themselves, they
will descend upon a hive, kill its indus
trious occupants and carry off the golden
treasure in an astonishingly short spara
of time. "We know of a recent instance in
which the attack was developed and the
home bees' killed in a couple of hours.
Sometimes hive will attack nelshborinR
hive. In such cases the old straw "skip"'
was better than the modern arrangement,
for a knife thrust through the top would
break the comb and set the honey free, at
which the thieves would instantly return
to seal up their own, store. It is not pri
marily in their industry that bees are
human.— London Chronicle.
Hobber Bees.
Business on the' Stock and Bond Exchange
was unusually 'good for Saturday,' as will be
seen by the varied list of sales, but tho only
change worthy of note was a decline in Alaska
Packers to $146 50. The oil stocks continued
flat and featureless.
. Hales on the California Exchange last week
were 15,250' pharos, valued at $6509. the lead-
Ing Rales being as follows: Home, 2375 shares;
Independence. 3000; Occidental, 6625; Mon
arch, 700; Monte Cristo, 550; Apollo. Clare
mont and Junction, 500 each.
The Daly-West Mining Company of Utah
has declared a regular monthly dividend of
66 cents per ehare. payable November 16.
S. P. Oil Mining- Company of- Frtsno has
levied an assessment of -2^ cents per ehare,
delinquent December 11.
Exchange and Bullion.
Silver started up again, advancing %c. Ex
change remained undisturbed.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — ' $4 80
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 84
Sterling Exchange, cables — ,4 85
New York Exchange, sight — 02 V4
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 05
Silver, per ounce — t,su
Mexican dollars — 44
'. GRAPES — lOffiSOc for small boxes, 50@75o
for crates and 75c®$l 50 for large open boxes.
¦ NUTMEG MELONS — 4Oi£S5c per box.
* CITRUS FRUITS— Valencia Oranges, $20
3 50 per box; Navels, . $3 if 3 25; Lemons, • $1@
2 50 per box: Grape Fruit, $1 50@2 50; Mexican
Limes, •: S4S7-4 50; Bananas, $1 2o@l 75 per
bunch for Hawaiian and $2 50@3 for Central
American; Pineapples, $2@2 50 per dozen.
STRAWBERRIES— Lonpworths, $8014 per
chest; large Berries. $1 Wrgs for Mallndas and
$105 for the other varieties.
RASPBERRIES— $4@7 per chest.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, $11®11 60; Jer
seys, $10® 10 75 per fcbl; Coos Bay, $2.60®3 per
box. ' ' • ¦
APPLES— 90c<5$l 25 per box for fancy, 800
85c for good. to choice and 25@40c for common*
Christmas Apples, $2 50®2 75 per box.
PEARS— $1@1 25 per box for fancy Winter
Nellis and 5O0i5c for .other varieties.
QUINCES — 40®60c per box.
FIGS— 4.0C6J1 per box.
POMEGRANATES-^7C®S5c for small boxes
and $1 5002 50 for large. .
. PERSIMMONS — COciJr$l per box. : -. .-^.',
Thfl continued wet weather had a depressing
effect on the fruit market and trade, which is
usually brisk on Saturday, was very quiet.
Berries did a little better under moderate re
ceipts, but all kinds of tree fruits were in free
supply and prices stood as previously quoted.
Fresh arrivals of Grapes were light, but there
waa an abundance of carried-over stock on
hand. There was. some little Inquiry for choice
stock In crates for shipment on tho Portland
steamer, but supplies were too heavy to permit
any advance In prices. The Apple market was
In good shape and' fancy stock was steady.
Dealers were still asking $2 25 per box for fine
Spltzenbergs from Oregon and Humboldt Coun
ty. Choice Winter Nellis Pears were In limited
supply and firm, while common offerings were
¦plentiful and dull.' Figs and Nutmeg Melons
were still on the market, but. attracted very lit
tle attention.. Pomegranates, Persimmons and
Quinces wero plentiful and In fair request.
The feature of the Citrus market was the ar
rival of a car of new crop Navels from Porter
yille. The fruit was of good quality and size,
but lacked color and found no buyers. . Other
wise there wan nothing new to report.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
OTW TORK STOCK LIST.
Stock*— Bales. High. Low. Close.
Atchlson 12.1f«> «* «*H C3H
AtrhVnpfd 1*» M1 <» * SL » M J*
Baltimore * Ohio.. 6.S00 73!, 73 "» 73 %,
"466 di% rift i|?5
Oertral ofNJ - I 53
r^ipe&ke & t>blo. J*X> 2S*i 27<* 27S,
GrVit Western. 3.100 1«£ 14% Mg
"«6 1C2* lei" lt^
Chl Terra A Trana » *
Chl T & r pfd "J,
Colorado Southern. 200 11% 11* 1|£
Colo South let pfd. 100 C2 52 61^
SSSeSSSsd&d. 500 20* 20 20*
Del, Lack & West *-«
Denver & Rio O. «
VZ* *?.?.»":: 41700 JiH ibii 21.
Krie 1st pfd COO GC«{ 6CVi C5%
Erie M P?« 200 « «4 47»2
Great North p£4 1W
Hocking Valley. 69%
SSSS'cS&K*::: "•» ia" &'< A
Iowa Central-..-- "
Iowa Central pfd.. 3J
K C Southern.-.. 16'4
l^battM £ 2.W0 140 138% IW^
MeWollin 6t Rr. 2.00 113 112 112
M^uriPac^.... T.300 89>« .88% **%
Mis. Kan & Texa» 16
VM^RMex 3 Pf4ll "i« S6H S6U 3T,%
New B YorS CenU 2.100 U6«* 115% 115%
Norfolk & western. 400 65tf S4>£ 6414
o^arfo * u'eJtcrn*. "SOO WA W% i5h
?>eS*n?a »™. O.300 113^ 111% 1U%
Z^iZt* 1 ??* it** »» »w |%
Reading let pfd '"
Reading 23 pf4.... Viir A4v* ™'r± -«s/
Hock Island Co.... 8,700 23'* — % 22%
Rock Island Co pf4 *»•%
Ft L & S F "
fitL & KF 1st pfd.. .••!• •••' ••il 2
6tL & SF 2d pfd.. 200 44% 44% 44
Ft Louis S W J;
St Louis S "W pfd -• •••; •••• **
fit Paul .....17,600 138% 13j% 1^5%
Pf Paul nfd .. ..... .... •«•• 1«~
fioutht™ PaMflc!. . 1.000 41 V, «H «J4
Pouthera P^ilway.. S.000 17% "g \^
Bouthem Uy pfd.. 700 73 j.2%
Texas & Paciflc... 500 22% 22J4 22H
T. St L &. W 500 17% 1«% 17%
T St L & W pfd.. 300 25J4 25% 20
Union Paciflc 10.800 71% 7p% «0J4
I'nion Pacific 200 SC% S5% S5^
wltesa pfi*. *.".". "I 2,200 32T, 22% 32%
WiBCOnsin Central.! * 300 15«i 15% 15'i
Wisconsin Cen pld . 100 34 34 54
Express Companlem—
Adams ZJ»
American «»
United States 100
•Wells-Fargo • 1»5
MUcellaneous—
>malramated Cop.. 16,000 39 S7% 37
Am Car & T .... 500 19 18% 1SJ4
Am Car * V pfd... 600 W 66 65^
Amer Linseed Oil .... 8H
Amer Lin Oil pfd 25
Am»r Locomotive .... J-% ,
Amer Loco pfd !!.,
Am Bmelt &. Ref.. 200 42% 42 42%
Amer B & 11 pfd... 100 86% fcO% 86%
FOR SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 14.
Flour. qr'sks...l4,ft45fScreenInirs, ska.. 40O
Wheat, ctls 1.020jPelts. No - 60
Barley, ctls 2.395 Hides. No 1.&SW
Potatoes, sks ... 4,075 Raisins, bxs .... 2,000
Beans, sks 4.01J Quicksilver, flsks 10H
Bran, ska 7S5 Leather, rolls ... 2»
Middlings, sks .. 9O Wine, gals 16.3HO
Hay. tons 2fU Brandy, sals ... 4,fc00
Straw tons .... 21 Sugar, ctls ...... 2,550
Hops, bales •...: Ill Paper, reama ... 102
Wool, bales CS Lime, bbls 690
Receipts of Produce.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 14.— Wheat— Walla
Walla, 71c; blue stem, 75c; valley, 75@>7Gc.
New York Cotton Market.
NETV YORK, Nov. 14.— Th« cotton market
cpened easy. 7 points lower to 5 points higher
and closed at about last night's figures.
NEW YORK. Nov. 14. — The imports of dry
goods and general merchandise at the port of
New York for the week were calculated at
$10,033,002. Exports of specie from this port
for the week were $443,350 in silver and $41,-
OfK) In gold. Imports of specie at the port of
New York for the week were $24,320 In silver
and $792,569 In jrold.
Exports and Imports.
. There was no further advance in Eggs. The
retailers are opposing any further rise in prices,
saying that they can retail for 50c, but the pub
lic will not stand any higher price... The mar
ket, however, is eteady, with gome advance In
Eastern cold storage.
Receipts were 23,100 lbs Butter, C97 cases
Eggs and 700ft lbs Cheese.
- BUTTER — Creamery. 31@32%c for extras and
20629c for seconds: dairy. 21«r25c: store But
ter, 17'4@10c; cold storage, 24@26c; Eastern
23(g25c per lb.
' CHEESE— 12«?12i4c for Jie general market
13613'Sc for select mild new and ll®ll^cfor
lower grades: Young Americas. 13V4@i4c- Ezat
em,'15%610%e: Western, 14@I5c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch, 42%@46c for choice and 37 U
(fi-JOc for small and mixed colors; store nomi
nal; cold storage, 27V4@32%c; Eastern, '24W'7c
for cold storage. • 7
Although there was considerable . Butter In
yesterday, the market showed no particular
weakness and previous prices were obtained
without difficulty. • Cheese ruled weak and
plentiful for everything except strictly choice
mild new, which continued firm.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. [ Bid. Ask.
... 01 02 Ton Belmont. SO 97
Uannarah . .'. — 1O;Toi\ of Nev.. — 6 00
M^>TMnara • 08 15 Ton N Star.. 30 31
M?nt Tton .1 00 1 02 U Ton Midway. 31 —
Paymwter .. - 12 i United Ton .. - 12
SATURDAY. Nov. 14—12 m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ash.
Alpha **? 05 Julia 05 Oil
A lta .. 01 02 Justice lrt 12
Andes 14 IP Kentuck 03 04
Belcher 16 *» K Graessler.. —ISO
Best & Belch. 1 30 1 40 Mexican ..... «J 71
Bullion 06 08 Occidental ... 24 23
Caledonia .... 00 1 00 Ophlr 1 35 1 40
Challenge- ... 17 19 Overman .... 15 lfl
ChSllar?.... 10 llPotosl CO 10
Confldenft ... «0 62 Pava?e » , 14 15
Con Cal & V. 97 W.Scorplon 01 012
Con Imp 0"i '04lScfr Belcher.. 07 0J>
Con NT.... 03 OS! Sierra Nev... 27 2S
Crown Point.. 12 WfOnt Hill... 43 61
Vnrpka Con.. — tOSt Louis .... 11 — -
Exchequer... 11 12| Syndicate ...04 00
Gould & Cur. 19 20 Union Con... as SSI
Hale & Norc. 45 47 t'tah 11 12
Lady Wash .. 03 04 'Yel Jacket.... 33 34
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Morning Session.
700 Andes 14 200 Potosl 10
10CO Bullion 07 800 Savajte 15
IOO Chollar 10 100 Seg Belcher.. OH
100 Con Cal & V. 97 300 Sierra Nev... 29
200 Mexican 72 100 Yel Jacket.... 34
300 Ophlr 1 40 .
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Paciflc Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
700 Alpha 05 100 Ophir • 140
200 Andes 14 500 Overman .... IB
200 Chollar ; 10 100 Sierra Nev... 20
200 Hale & Norc. 41 200 Union Con... SO
200 Mexican 72
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Cent Eureka. -Ml 400 Mont Ton ... J»
200 Draper 15 "50 Mont Ton ...1 00
3000 Esperanza ... 0t| 10O Mont Ton .1 024
500 Golconda 19 2000 Rescue . . .t . . 05
1000 MacNamara . 12 ! 60 Ton N Star.. 31
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock Exchange yesterday:
Mining Stocks.
NEW YORK. Nov. 14. — The demand for
metals from consumers waa on a limited scale
to-day and prices were not j materially altered
from thoso in force yesterday. Prices for Iron
were reported more or less nominal at yester
day's basis.
Lead was quiet at 4.50c.
Spelter was dull and nominal at 5.75c.
Tin was quiet and nominal at 25@25.12l£c.
Copper was quiet. Lake. 13.00@13.50c; elec
trolytic, 13.25c; casting, 13.00c.
Nczc York Metal Market.
SHEEP — Receipts 20.000. • Sheep and Lambs,
steady. Good to choice wethers. $3 75@4 50;
fair to choice mixed. ?3Jf.3 75; Western sheep,
$3 25#4 25; native lambs, $3 75@6 85; West
ern lambs, S3 75£5 40.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil In bulk,
15Wc; Pearl Oil In cases. 22c: Astral. 22c;
Star 22c: Extra Star. 26c; Elaine, 28c; Eocene.
25c;' deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk, 17c;
In cases 23%c;. Benzine. In bulk, 13c; In cases.
19Vic: SC-degrte Gasoline. !n bulk. 21c; In
cases. 27%c.
TURPENTINE — 80c per gallon in cases and
74c in drums and- iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6H®
7c per lb; White Lead. C%@7c, according to
Quantity.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. in 10O-lb bags:
Cubes A Crushed and T*lne Crushed. 5.85c;
Powdered, 5.70c: Candy Granulated. 5.70c; Dry
Granulated' fine.: 5.COc: Dry Granulated, coarse.
5 60c- Fruit Granulated.' 5.60c; 1 Beet Oranu
lated' (100-lb bags only). 5.40c: Confectioners'
A 5 60c- MagnoHa A, 5.20c; Extra C. 5.10c;
Golden C 5c: "D," 4.00c; barrels. 10c more;
half barrels 25c more: boxes, SOc more; 60-lb
hags 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels 6.10c; boxes. 6.35c: H. & E.- Crystal
Domlnos 8.50c per lb. No orders taken for
lees than seventy-five barrels or its equivalent.
¦ DAGS — Grain Bags. f>@5«Ac; San Quentln.
5 55c; Wool Bags. 32®3Sc; Fleece Twine. 7%
fiSc- Cotton Fruit Bags. C^c, C?ic and "He for
the three grades: Brown Jute. 6^@7Hc.
COAL — Wellington. $S per ton; New Wel
lington $8: Seattle. f6 50; Bryant. $0 50; Bea
ver Hlil $5 50: Stanford. S7; Roslyn. |7; Coo«
Bay $5 50: Greta. $7; 'Wallsend. $7; Rich-.
mond. . $7 50: Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
514 25 In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. ?13; Welsh Lump,
$11 50; Cannel, ?S 00 per ton: Coke. $11 50®
1.1. per ton in bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 20C0 lbs and
$12 80 per long ton. according to brand.
OIL — Linseed. ' 49c for boiled and
47c for raw In barrels; cases. 5c more:
Castor Oil. In east-*. No. 1, 70c: Bakers'
A A. $1 10©l 12; LucoL. 44c for boiled and 42c
for' raw In barrels; Lard OH. extra winter
drained, barrels. 65c; cases. 90c: China Nut.
5fiiS70c per gallon: pure >^atsfoot. In barrels,
75c; cases. SOc; Sperm, pure, 75c; -Whale Oil,
natural white. 50© 55c per- gallon: Fish Oil.
In barrels. 50c; 9ftse9. 55c: Cocoanut Oil. la
barrels f>Rc for Ceylon and 55c for Australian.
General Merchandise.
TTi* following hea^vy rainfalls are reported:
KallspU, 1.24 Inches; Tatoosh, 1.18 Inches. A
tbUTiderBtorni Is reported at North Head.
Th« follawlnr maximum wind velocities are
reported : North Head. 64 rcile* per jour, from
the southwest; Ro^eburg, 3S, southeast; Boise
City. 34, southwest; Pocatelio, 26. southeast;
¦Wlnnetnueca, 56. southwest; R*a Hluff, 38,
«outbwest; Cai»on City. 48. southwest: IiuJe
p«ndeoo«. 3S. »»t; Sacramento, XZ, soirth;
Mount T&malDals, J>2. southwest.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
boura ending at midnight. November 15:
Northern Calllornla— Cloudy arid unsettled
weather Sunday, probably rain; brisk southerly
wlod.
Southern Callfomls, — Cloudy Sunday, possibly
ahowers- fresh eocthwest winds.
Ktrtu — Rain or enow Sunday, cooler; brisk
¦ovtfiwest wind.
6aa rranclico ard Sunday,
with occaalonal Ebower*; fresh southwest
wJb4i A. G. McADIE.
District Fureca^ter.
The pressure has risen rapidly along the
coast. Dtir-.ri* the past twelve hsbrs the rise
has been rapid from Sa.n Francisco to Cap*
IJlanco. Rain hu fallen In gra»r»u« amounts
on tn* coast north of San Francisco. As yet
but I'.ttle ram has fallen In the south.
There has been a fall of 10 degreis in tem
perature in the Sacraraento Valley and eo*t
vard to tte Sierras.
FORECAST
WEATHER COXDITIOXS AKD GENERAL
ts . s so °*" *?
STATIONS, f ¦¦ISf ?|-|8L":§? I
• ¦» a - • !
Baker 29.76 4S 84 6W Cloudy I22
Caraoa 29. SO 62 50 W Rala .04
Farallon SO. 10 54 56 M7 Clear .49
Freeno 30. OS «"S t2 S Cloudy T.
riagstaS 30.02 60 80 W Clear .00
Independence .C9.72 71 50 SW Cloudy .00
Les AniT'.n ..30.10 70 5<J W Cloudy .00
V.t. Tamalpa:s.C0.09 42 50 KW Clear .37
North Head ..SO.eS 4« 42 8W Cloudy .86
Thoenlx 2a. OS 82 46 W Clear .00
PocateHo 26 02
Portland 20.76 46 40 SW Rain .IK)
Toir.t P.erea ..30.04 64 K 61
31^1 Bluff ...29.93 02 5»5 SW Rain .54
Iio*eburr SH.f>S 4S 44 SW Clrar 1.8S
Facramer.to ..23.98 ts2 5S 8 Rain .^S
Fait Lake 40
Ha:i Franrlsco.30.12 C2 6S "XV Pt.Cldy .58
K L. Ob^po.. 30.14 CS TA S Cloudy .00
San Diesv :>0.OS C* 5C WV Clear .00
t^attle 29.56 40 3S S Rain .30
H^kane 23.74 32 30 E Chxudy.SC
Tatcceh 23.42 40 3C W Rain .CO
Walla. Walla. .20.72 44 .IS B Pt.Cldy .39
Winnemucca .29.86 C<> SS W Cloudy T.
Tum 29. &« 54 62 S Clear ..00
Bar sliver, firm, 2T%& per ounce. Money,
3!&.1>i per cent. The rate of discount In the
open market for *hort bills is 4'u Pf, per cent
and for three months' bills is 4<g4H per cent.
Do 1st inc.... Cl jStL & 1M con Ss.llOX*
Ches & Ohio 4t,B.10Hi StL & SF tg 4s.. 8l4i
CM & Alton 3'^s. 71 ! : t L <fc S W lsts.. 1»2
C. B & Q new 4s. P4 Seaboard A L 4s. 6S
CM & StPgen4s.lO9 \ Southern Pac 4a.. 87
C & N W con 7a. 130'i Southern Ry 5s...ll2ii
C. RItP RR 4s 71 l a ; Tex & Pac l3ts...lUh
C.RI&P RR col 5s 73 T. St L & W 4s.. CO
C.C.C & PL gen 4b 9C>4 Union Pacific 4s..lO2ti
Chicago Term 4s. 75>4 Do conv 4s 93%
Con Tobacco 4s.. 54% V S Steel 2d 5s.. 66H
Colo & South 4s.. 84 (Vabash lsts U2Vi
Den & Rio G 4s. 09 Do deb B 54»i
Erie prior lien 4s. f>5 3 $ Wheel & L E 4s. SG
Do pen 4s KJ^; Wisconsin Cen 4s. 68
Ft W & D C lst..lf>« Colorado Fuel tSl^i
Hocking" Val 4Vis.lO3"K,7 ' "
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
A'larr.s Con 10 -Little Chief 07
Alice 15 lOntarlo 4 25
lireece 4.. 10 ;Ophlr ;...l 30
Brunswick Con.. OH .Phoenix CS
Toinstock Tunnel. 05',^ ' Potosl OS
Con Cal & Va. .. 05 Savage 12
Horn Silver 100 ! Sierra Nevada. .. o0
Iron Silver 1 70 i Small Hopes.... 15
Leadvllle Con...; 02 iStandard 2 00
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — 1 Mining —
J Call Ioan3 ". 4«A©5]Adventure 4
Time loans SUgo Allouez 4 '.4
Bonds — j Amalgamated .... 37*4
Atchiscn 4 9 09%j Daly West 34
Mexican Cen 4s.. 63 Bingham 21
Kaii.-cadE — Calumet Sc H 425
Atchison 63% Centennial 14»£
Atchlson pfd 87% Copper Range.:... 44Vi
Boston & AIbany.248 (Dominion Coal ... 73%
Boston & Maine.. 171 'Franklin 7»£
Boston Elev r»4 lisle Royals 5}i
N Y., N H & H.194«4 Mohawk 34
Pitchburg pfd ..13<J (Old Dominion ... 9
Vnion Pacific 70»4.0sceola 65»4
Mexican Central.. 8 Vi Parrot 15&
Miscellaneous — jQuIncy S5
American Sugar .115%'Panta F« Cop l'i
Am Sugar pfd ... 119 Vi J Tamarack 80
Pom Iron & Steel. S'^iTrlnlty 6
General Electric. 147 Vnlted States .... 17J4
Mass Electric ... IS Utah 2GV4
Mass Elec pfd 76 Victoria S'/j
T'nited Fruit .... J«5 Wlncna ¦ t\
V S Steel 10% Wolverine C5
U S Steel pfd .... 5S%'
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Con for money. 88 11-16 New York Cen.. 120
Con for acct. . .87 13-16 Nor & West O6',4
Anaconda 3% Do pfd 88
Atchlson 66ife Ontario & 'West.. 20>4
Do pfd 9214 Pennsylvania Sib%
Bait & Ohio 75'* Rand Mines 9^4
Canadian Pacific. 121»i Reading 20&
Ches & Ohio 2H%, Do let pfd 39
Chi Great West.. 15 Do 2d -pfd 30
C. M & StP HI (Southern Ry 18%
DeBeers 20^1 Do pfd 75
Denver & Rio G.. 19 jSouthern Pacific.. 42%
Xk> pfd ««34 (Union Paciflc 73^
Erie 27V 4 I Do pfd K8
Do 1st pfd CS% U 8 Steel 11%
Do 2d pfd 49}fc Do pfd 54
Illinois Central... 123 iWabash 19*1
Louis & Nash 102% Do pfd 33»i
M. K & T 17 I
Do adj 4s 86*4 1 Do 3s 70U
Atlantic C L 4s.. 91^ N & W con 4s... «7
L'alt & Ohio 4s... IOO14 O S L 4s and part :)iV,
Do 3(ii W-iPenn conv 3y.s... 'i\\
Cvntral of Ga 6s. .103*, Reading gen 4s.. 9ti?i
Numerous other considerations might be
cited to .show that, whether it be practica
ble or not to attain 100 miles an hour in a
burst of speed, it is npt practicable on
railways carrying a general traffic to run
trains at speeds very much in excess of
the highest now attained. If trains are
to be run at 100 miles an hour, then.it
must be on a road built for them alocc,
from which all other traffic Is excluded.
Numerous attempts have been made to
show that such a railway" would be a
paying enterprise, but the capitalists have
never been convinced. The mere fact
that the Germans have attained over 100
miles an hour on their experimental road,
therefore, proves nothing as to the prac
ticability of adopting such speeds.—Engi
neering News. .---•-
But trains are run a large share of the
time when the signal cannot bo made out
at 1000 feet, or anything like that distance.
They are often run when a semaphore
cannot be clearly seen till one Is within,
say, 200 feet. Under such conditions the
engine runner would have Just one and
one-half seconds to decide whether hia
train were dashing: on to safety or de
struction-
IUis well known that If trains are to be
run with safety under tho block signal
system the spacing of the distant signal
from the home must be proporUoned to
the speed of the fastest trains. "The dis
tant signal tells the engine runner that
the home signal stands at danger and
that he must stop his train before reach
ing it. and the faster tho train is running
the further back must this information
be given him. With present train speed3
it la not uncommon to place the distant
signal 2S00 feet back of the home; and if
this is a proper distance for stxty-mile-an
hour trains, then for 100 miles an hour
the distant signal ought to be placed at
least 7500 feet back. ,
The German engineers are spending a
large amount of time ana money on expe
riments -whose aim is the production of an
electric or steam locomotive which can
run 100 miles an hour. According to a
cable dispatch they succeeded last week
for the first time In reaching 100 miles an
hour speed; but the question which natu
rally suggests Itself to railway engineers
In the United States Is. who wants to
travel at 6uch speeds? Side by side with
the speed records of this German experi
ment we would set the discussion which
took place on the location of distant sig
nals at the recent meeting of the Railway
Signaling Club, reported in our last issue.
The signal engineer of a leading rail
road there stated that he had not been
ablo to work satisfactorily a mechanical
signal with a greater length of wire than
2000 feet.
The New German lOO-Mile-an-Hour
Trolley Said to Be Im
practicable.
TERRIBLE RISSS RUN
WITH HIGH-SPEED CARS
{120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 14—5 p. m.
The tollowtx* are the eeasosal rainfalls to
Cate, aa comrwjied with .those of the came
Cat* last eeasoa and rainfall In U«t twenty
four hours:
Liast This Lest
Ftatlorj— 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 9. S3
Red Bluff 0.84 2.94 9.15
Bacraiaento 0.84 1.63 3.S5
Fan Franclsee CM 1.57 S.3«
Fresno Trace O.O8 2.4.1
Independence 0.00 Trace O.S»
Ban Luis OMspo... 0.00 0.0S 8.20
Io« Aneeles 0.00 0.43 2.3S
Ban Diego 0.00 0.05 1-37
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. 8@9c; Cows and Heifers,
7@Sc- thin Cows. 4g5c per pound.
CALVES — t@4'/jc per pound (gross welGht).
-SHEEP — Wethers, 3%@4c; Ewes. 3Vi&3%c
per pound (gross weiyht). ¦ . ¦ -¦ .
LAMBS — 4%©5c per lb.
- HOGS — Live Hojrs. 150 to 250 lbs. 5V;@5%c;
under 150 lbs. 5@5%c; Sows, 20 per cent off;
Boars. 50 per cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent
oft from above quotations.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows :
BEEF— «©7c for Steers and 5@6o per lb for
Cows. :-
VEAL— Large 7®8%c: email. S<§9%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. Ewes. S®S%e
per lb
LAMB— 9%@10c per' lb.
FORK — DreBsed Hot:s, 7%®9c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Hogs are no lowef. and the steadier situation
in the West. due', to the falling off In receipts,
may help this market here indirectly, though
the packers are still trying to shave the quota
tions. % ¦•'•.'/-
Meat Market.
POULTRY— Drewwl , Turkeys. 20@24e ~p*r
lb; live Turkeys.' 17019c' per. lb for young and
14@lt!c for old; Ceene. per pair. $1 75(52; Gos
lings, ff'iftri 25; Ducks. *lQo per dozen • for
old and $5476 for young; Hen«, $4 5O@5 50 for
fmail and $i3©7 for large: younp Roosters. $5 60
GH 50;- old Roosters. $4 oOSfo; Fryers, $5igo 50;
Broilers. S3 COS 4 50 for large and $3@o 50 for
small; Pigeons. $101 25 per dozen for old and
$2ffl2 25 for Squabs. •
GAME — Mallard Ducks. $3@4 rxr dozen;
Canvafback. $4©6: Sprig. $2 5CK33: Teal.
$1 60; Widgeon. $1 25SJ1 50: small Ducks. $1 25;
Gray Geese. $3©.1 50; Whtt» Geese. Jl&j 60;
Brant. $1 25 for email and $2 for large;
English Snipe, $3; common Snipe, $1 73-
Wild Doves. $1 25; Rabbits. $1 75 for Cotton
tails and $1 25 for Brush; Hare, $1 25.
The recently reduced prices of Game teemed
to stimulate the demand, and although the re
ceipts were heavy th*» market was well cleaned
up at the close. Widgeon, Small Duck9 and
larce Brant were quoted -lower.
Poultry eloped the week firm, with the mar
ket practically bare. Yesterday's receipts were
very Hunt ana cleaned up quickly at un
changed prices. Dressed Turkeys continued
to sell at a wide range as to quality. Only 4
canes came 'In:
Poultry and Came.
The Potato market was amply supplied, but
steady. Trading in river Burbanks was quiet,
but dealers were firm In their views and not
disposed to force sales. Choice Oregon and
Salinas offerings were In good , request for
local use and high-grade offerings readily
commanded full figures. There were no fresh
Sweets received, but the market was liber
ally supplied with carried-over stock, which
moved slowly at previous prices. Onions were
steady and unchanged.
Choice offerings of Peas and Beans from Lob
Angeles were In moderate supply and met with
a. stead y demand at cood prices. Lima Beans
were offering freely and prices had a wider
range. The quotations for Green Qkra are
withdrawn, as there has been none received
for some days. The other vegetables were In
free supply and pries had no quotable varia
tion. \
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river. 50®
7C-c per'ctl: Salinas Burbanks. $1(3:1 35 per ctl:
Oregon Burbanks, mSc@$1 15 per ctl; River
Reds, 50@0.5c per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, $1 15@
1 25 Cfir ctl.
ONIONS— $r>c@$l per ctl for fancy and 50®
©73c fo> lower erades.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. S{?4c per lb;
String Bear.s, 3@4c per lb; Wax. 4^ji>c:
Limn Beans. 3<S5c per lb: Tomatoes, 40fi75c
per box; Summer Squash. 8r>c^$l per box; Cab
bage, CiOc per ctl; Carrot.«, 75c per sack; Cucum
bers, «30&7."ic per box; Garlic. 435c per lb; Green
Peppers. 2."Cf4Oe per box for Chile and ."loft r>Cc
for Bell: Egg Plant. 40ftii0c per box; Marrow
fat Squash. $10!t)15 per ton; Hubbard, $1CR2O.
Potatoes,' Onions and Vegetables.
Weather Report.
Cash quotations were as. follows: . Flour.
quiet and easy; winter patents, . $4@4 20;
Btraigrhts, 53 7CX&4. 1Q; epring patents, $4@4 30;
straights, $.{ CO©.? SO; bakers', $2 5003 30: No.
2 fr-prins wheat, SOSJSlc; No. 3. 77@79c; No. 2
red, 77%®80%c; No. 2 corn. 42Vic; No. 2 yel
lt>w. 43Uc: No. 2 oau«, 34%4T3lVic; No. 3
white, 34@®37%c: No. 2 rye, 52%c: good feed
nn»? barley. 86ii«J3SUc; fair to choice malting,
4C@52c; No. 1 flaxseed, 02c; No. 1 Northwest
ern, 9SMic: prime timothy seed. $2 S5; mess
pork. D*r bbl. $11 tS^@U 70; lard, per 100
lbs, $7 Or.jn 10; short ribs sides (loose), $7 25
&7 75; short clear sides (boxed). $t3 62%@
C S7%; whisky, basis of hlth wines. $1 25;
clover, contract grade, - $10 50.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels'.. 27.500 . 21.400,
Wheat, bushels 120,100 2O7.SOO
Corn, bushels 242.400 825.400
Oats, bushes 292,800 " • 35)6,600
Rye. bushels- 0.600 L*. 4,300
Barley, bushels 173.300 15,100
On the Produce Exchange to-day tho butter
market nu steady; creameries. l.*>021%c; dai
ries. 1-JfflS^ic Eg-gs, steady. 22@24c. . Cheese,
easy; 10^ lie. - ... . ' : .
. Foreign Futures.
. i LIVEHPOOL.
Wheat — Dec. March. May.
Opening 6 4% 0 3% 63
Closing 6 4% 6 3% 6 3
PARIS.
Wheat — Nov. Mar. -June.
Opening 20 SO 20 95
Closing 20 80 20 00
Flour — , .
Opening .'. 2!) 50 2S 45
Closing 29 55 28 45
Eastern Livestock Market. ¦
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Nov. 14.— CATTLE— Receipt*.
800. Nominal. Good to prime steers, ?3®5"0;
poor to medium. $3 4.V/-1 75; stockers and
feeder*. $2S'4 25: cow*. $1 r.Off) 10; heifers,
?"."«5; cannerF. $1 fi0®2 40; bulls, SL"5 4 50:
calves, V- 2Z>Q~ 50{ Texas icd steers, $2 75@
3 So; Western steers, S3@4 50. '• ~
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 13.000; Monday.
20.CC0. -Steady.. Mixed and butchers*. $4 503
4 05; good to cho'ce heavy, $4 608*4 85; rough
heavy. $4 3CKJ4 05; light. $4 C0@4 90; bulk of
sales. $4 6C«?4 SO. .
Local back clearings during the week Just
fti'ied were $30,475.^23. against $35,C91.785 dur
ii.it the corresponding week of last year, chow
ing a decrease of $5,215,956. During the tame
«**k la 1901 the clearings amounted to $28,
180.139.
Bank Clearings.
Amer Sugar Ref .. 1.800 116U 115% • .115%
Anaconda Min Co "0
Brooklyn Rap T. .. 6,000 37?, 86% 86%
Colo Fuel & Iron... 300 27^ 27 . 27
Columbus & H Coal J*&
Consolidated Gas 175
General Electric ..• 147 K
Inter Paper « lw
Inter Paper pfd •.. 100 61 H 61»i C0>i
Inter Pump 30
Inter Pump pfd *.... *vi
National m.^uit 34%
Northern Securities 60
National Lead .... 900 11 10«4 10^
North American 70
Pacific Mail 100 24% 2iV % 23>*
People's Gas '...,.. 100 '02% 1>2% 62%
Pressed Steel Car.. - 200 26H 26H 20
Pressed Steel C T>fd 300 CS^i 68^i CS
Pullman Pal Car.. -. 210
Republic Steel 6%
Republic Steel pfd. 100 49tf 49 V4 40U
Rubber Goods 100 14 14 13%
Rubber Goods pfd. ..«..- CS
Tenn Coal & Iron. 800 28% 27% 27%
TT S Leather ¦ 7
U S Leather pfd 75
XJ 8 Rubber .„. IOO' 8 8 8
r S Rubber pfd .. 35*4
U S Steel 17.100 ll*i 10% 10T*
US EteeJ p£d 24,60« f.2T 8 r.1% 51%
Western Ur.loa 100 S3 S3 83
Total sales 2.T5.30O shares.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s. re*...106%!L & N -unl 4s...; 9S%
Do coupon lW^vMnbtn con gold 4s.lO2Ui
Do 3s. reg 107% Mexican Cen 4s.. 71
Do. coupon..... .107»iiMex Cen let inc.: 13%
Do new 4s, reg. 134% Minn & St L 4s.. 97
Do coupon 134H;M, K & T 4s.... 1)7%
Do old 4s, reg..llO*;i Do 2ds 75
Do coupon 110%'Ntl RR M«x en 4s 75
UoSf. reg- 101U N Y Cen pen 3>is. 99 %
Do coupon IC'Hi'N j On *en T>s..l3O
Atchison gen 4s.. 100 Northern Pac 4s.lC2
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. 6S% 6S>$4 '„ - T
INSURANCE. • -
Firem's Fnd.320 — ' '
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nat Bk. — 125 L P & A... — 170
Anglo-Cal ..80 85 Mer Trust. .230 —
Bank of Cal.440 460 . Merch Ex... — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 155 S F Natlonl. — . —
First Natnl. — — :,:-i'
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. — — Sav &*L So. 05 100 .
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk.400 500
Mutual Sav. 95 110 Union -T Co. — —
S F Sav U.600 — . "I
STREET RAILROADS.
Callforal* .. — 205 IPresldio .;.. 89 41
Geary — 80 | .
POWDER.
Giant 64 — fVlgorit .... — *»
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. 50 — Kllauea S C. — 8
Hawaiian C. 44U 46 Makawell C. 23# — •
Honokaa S C 13H 13>4 Onomea S C. — 32%
Hutch S P C 10% 10% Paauhau S C 15 18
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pck.145 — Oceanic S C — 6%
Cal Fruit As. — S3 Pac A F A. SVt 4
Cal Wlno As. 00 — \ Pao C BonoltW —
MornJnc Session.
Board —
25 Alaska Packers' Assn 147 00
35 Alaska Packers' Assn 146 50
20 Cal Fruit Canners" 82 50
10 Giant Powder Con 64 00
10 Hutchlnson S P Co 10 50
¦ 110 S F Gas & Electxlo Co 69 25
25 S F Gas & Electric Co B9 00
50 Spring Valley Water Co 38 25
100 Trust Cert (S F G & E) 63 CO
$4000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s 114 50
$0000 S P of Arizona (1009) 107 37H
$1000 S P of Arizona (1010) 108 37%
$1000 S P of C 6s (1905. series B)...1O3 37»i
$1000 8 P of C 6s (1012) ..114 00
Street— • -
CO Hutchlnson S P Cb 10 50
75 S » Gas & Electrlo Co 69 25
California Stock andOUExchange
Oil stock— Bid. Asked.
Alma .... 1 40
Apollo 42 ....
Associated Trust Cert 20 25
Aztec .... 85
California Standard 10
Caribou 90 1 00
Central Point Con 65 ....
Chicago Crude 19 20
Claremont 22 30
lvsperanza 150
Four .'...... 07 'CD
Fulton 4 50 ....
Giant 20
Hanford 139 00
Home 97tj 1 00
Imperial IS 00
Independence ,.... 16 17
Junction 19
Kern 3 i«i
Kern River 13 00
Lion 0:! 04
Monarch of Arizona 49 ....
Monte Cristo 85
Occidental of W Va 13 19
Oil City Petroleum 27 23
Peerless 13 50 ....
Plttsburg 25
Reed Crude
S F and McKlttrtck 2 73 ....
San. Joaquln O & D ....
Senator 65 75
Sovereign '. SS 40
Sterling 2 60 2 85
Superior 04 Ott
Thirty-Three 7 00 7 50
Toltec > :. 22 25
Twenty-Eight 4 25
West Shore 2 90
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land and Imp .... 150
Alameda Sugar 1 26 00
American Biscuit 95 00
American District Tel 1 ....
Cal Gas & Electric Corp
Cal Cotton Mills 83 00
Cal Jockey Club 103 00
Cal Shipping Co 25 00
Cal TlUe Ins and 1 Trust 130 00 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland CO 00
Chutes Company *825
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 650 7 25
Fischer's Theater 2 00 2 25
Gas* Consumers' Assn 2250
Honolulu Sugar 14 60 ....
Northern Cal Power .... 9 00
North Shore Railroad 6 00 ... ;
Orpheum Company 16 .23
Paciflc States Tel & Tel 115 00
Parafflne Paint S3 CO
San Francisco Drydock 47 CO ....
Sanitary Reduction Works.. 1 W) 3 CO
Sausallto Land and Ferry... 1ft 00 ....
Sperry Flour Company 27 50 30 00
Standard Electric IS CO ,
Tesla Coal Co 32 50
! Truckee Electric 13 25 ....
'Union Sugar • 22 50 ....
United Gas and Electric 84 50 ....
SALES.
• ' Morning' Session.
Board —
1000 Independence • j?
• 60O Apollo • ? 4 ,?
! 100 Twenty-Eltht Oil J J>
500 Home, b 90 ••? J <«
500 Home •• "* °JJ
100 Monarch •" 43
Street—
' 200 North Short .•••••-»••. 6 °°
, Dealers continue to report a doll and weak
market for Beans, though prices are no lower.
Receipts continue moderate.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 15@2 40; Pea, $3Q;3 25:
Butters, S3; small White. $2 00&3 30; large
White, $2 20®2 40; Pink, $2 15@i2 35; Red, $2 00
©8; Lima, $- 75<S2 05; Red Kidneys, $4 25;
Blackeye. $2 15(52 05 per ctl; Horse Beans.
$1 00@2 •
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $.1; Yellow Mus
tard. $2 75g2 SO; Flax. $1 70@l SO; Canary.
5<35VsC for Eastern; Alfalfa, ll@14c; Rape,
3"i&2^c; Timothy. 60fiVac; Hemp, 3V4@3%c
per lb;*MUlet, 3@3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $20©
23 per ton.
DRIED PEAS — Green, $1 80@2 per ctL
Beans and Seeds.
The Wool market continues unsatisfactory,
being dull and weak, with accumulating stocks.
Hops are steady and unchanged. Hides are
easy, both here and In the East. ¦
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about l*4c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers 9c~; medium. Sc; light. 7Uc; Cow Hides.
7%c for heavy anC 7<Se for light: Stags. 5c;
Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 10c; Salted Calf.
10%@llc; dry Hides. 15c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf 18c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25@30c each;
short Woo! 40@G0c each; medium. 70@90c;
long Wool. '$101*0 each: Horse Hides, salt.
$2 75 fcr large 'and $2ff?2 50 for medium.- $1 25
01 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides
dry $1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $1@
1 25 for email and 50c for Colta. Buck Skins
Dry Mexican, 32c: dry salted Mexican. 25c:
dry Central American, 32c. Goat Skins — Prime
Angoras. 75c: large and smooth. 50c; medium,
35c; - email 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%c per lb; No.
2. 4c; grease. 2tf«?3c.
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquln Lambs'. 9®
lie; Middle County, ll@12c: Northern Free.
llj?12c- Northern Defective. 10@llc: Humboldt
and Mendoclno. 12014c; Nevada, 13@15c; Ore
gon fine, ISftlOc; Oregon medium. 17c per lb.
HOPS— 20023c per lb.
Hides, Tallocv, Wool and Hb^s.
Articles — Open. - High. Low. Close.
Wheat .No. 2—
f*?e. (naw) 76% 77H 7fi r * 77^i
May ../ 77 77% 7C% : 77»»
Corn No. 2 — N
December ...... 42?i 42tf 42% 42H
May 41 ti '42 41%' 41%
July 41*i 41% 41% 415 4
Oats No. 2 —
December 33 »i 84 33% 83%
May 34% 35H 34»i 34%
Mes? Pork, per bbl —
January 11 72*4 H R?'.4 H flT^'ll 67&
Hay 11 82H 12 CO 11 SO 11 80
Lard, rer 100 lbs —
December . . . ." 6 PO
January 6 00 fl 95 fl 85 6 S5
May ....6 80 6 90 6 75 6 77&
Short Rlba, per 100 lbs—
January 0 22»>4 6 27^ 6 20 6 22%
May 6 32>4 6 37^4 6 30 6 30
The heavy rain stopped all trading in Hay
and prices remained without change. Feed
stuffs were reported steady at 'previous quo
tations. . -
BRAN— $20@21 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — S*/0^28 per ton.
SHORTS— 120©21 i>er ton.
FEKDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $24 50??25 per
ton- Oilcake Meal at the mtll,$2e@26 .V); job
bing. $2742*27 50; Coccanut Cake. $21@22; Cora
Meal, $3G$81; Cracked Corn. . $30 5.0©31 60;
Mixed Feed. $22 50@23 50; Horse Beans, $30@
40 per ton. > *\
HAY— Wheat. $14@1C 50; Wheat and Oat,
$13 00®16 50; Oat. §12 5CO14 SC; Wild Oat,
$11 60&13 50: Barley. ?tl![213; Stock, $10@ll;
AUalfa. $10® 12 50 per ton.
STRAW — »0€65c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Local Bank Clearings over $5,00,000 behind last year.
Improved business in local Stocks and Bonds.
Nezv York Stocks still irregular and featureless.
Silver advances again. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat and Barley futures weak. Cash prices unchanged.
Oats quiet. Corn inactive and weak and Rye dull.
Rain checks trading in Hay. Feedstuff s steady.
Beans still dull and weak. Seeds quiet.
Butter in good supply, but steady. Cheese plentiful. '
Eggs steady, with retailers opposing any further advance.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins uncJmnged.
Chicago reports a better feeling in Provisions.
Wool dull, Hops steady and Hides easy.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs as before quoted.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables quiet.
Poultry firm, with a bare market. Game plentiful.
Wet zveather again interrupts business in fresh Fruits.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
CHICAGO, Nov. 14.— There was a good com
mission house demand for wheat and the mar
ket ruled firm after a slightly easier open
ing. Continued favorable weather In face of
predictions as to the contrary and rather dis
appointing cables caused some selling at the
start, and Initial 6ales of December were un
changed to V4c lower at 70%@76%c. Outside
markets were all higher, however, and this
fact soon resulted fn creating a better senti
ment here. Minneapolis reported sales of flour
there yesterday and excellent demand for cash
wheat, and in consequence the Northwest mar
ket showed decided strength. Cash demand
here was also good. Neyw York reported the
December option strong and prices at St.
Louis showed big gains. All these Influences
were factors in causing a better demand. De
cember sold up to 7~Mc, closing at 77H@
77 He, a gain of *J@'?8C.
Corn bad to contend with weather condi
tions which were most favorable for curing
the new crop. December closed *4@Vic lower
at 42Hc.
Oats ruled steady on a fair demand from
commission house and shorts. December
clceed a shade lower at 53%c. . i
Provisions were firm, with a good deal of
covering by local shorts in evidence. Buying
of lard wae the feature. January pork and
ribs closed Fc higher, lard was 2^ic higher
and ribs uo re - v V
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
FLOUR — California Family Estras, $4 60®
4 RG, usual term*; Bakers' Extras. $4 50®4 CO;
Oregon and Washington. $3 90@4 20 per bbl for
FRmlly and $3 «0®4 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as fol
lows: Graham Flour. $3 20 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour, J7;
Corn Meal, ?3 25; .extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats. $4 50: Hcminy. . $iiil 25; Buckwheat
Flour $4 5C@4 75; Cracked Wheat, $-J 75; Fa
rina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats. bbl?. $7 25CS 00; In sacks, $6 75@8 10;
Pearl Barley, $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas, *3 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
' COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 9%c; three
half barrels. 9%c: one tierce. 0%c; two tierces,
9c; five tierces, 8%c per rb.
--Chicago was slightly lower, but showed a
better undertone, with light receipts of Hogs.
This market continued quiet. •
The Chicago report of Bolton. de Ruyter &
Co. said: "After a long season of dullness and
decline, ' the action of the market and Its gen
eral tone are, we think, better. Stocks are not
large. Receipts of hogs are considerably below
lapt year and the rather inferior quality doea
not Indicate that they are being held because
of unsatisfactory prices. Cash demand Is fairly
good, and for Lard particularly good. Packertj
have succeeded In working down the price ! oi
live Hcgs to where further efforts lrt that direc
tion cannot to any great extent be profitably
pursued. Think they are more likely to look
for the profits on the higher prices of products.
Think we would rather buy proYislons on the
weak spots."
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for
heavy, 12V}c for light medium. 14%c for light.
15 VjC for extra light, lS^c for sugar-cured
and 20@21%c for extra sugar cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams 14}4c; California Hams.
lStjc; Mess Beef $11 50 per bbl: extra Mess,
?12S12 60; Family. ?13; prime Mess Pork, $13;
extra clear. $24: Mess. $10; Dry Salted Pork.
12c; Pis Pork. S2S; Pigs' Feet.J5 23; Smoked
Beef 15c per lb. . -
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7Uc per lb for
compound and 0c for pure; half barrels, pure, •
01,4c; 10-lb tins. 0%c; 5-lb tins. 9%c; 3-lb tins,
JOc. .. . -'
Provisions.
lOtJo for IX I* 10Ho for.Ne Plus Ultraa and
8%c for Languedoc;. Peanuts, 6®7o'for East
ern; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $4 BO©B; Cali
fornia Chestnuts, 10@15c per lb.
HONEY— Comb. new. 12014o for white and
0@llc for amber: new water whit* extracted.
6^@Cc; light amber extracted. 4%G«ttc; dark,
4@4Vic.
BEESWAX— 27©29o per lb.
White, $1 l'iw/l 32 Vi; Black, 514(^1 U2ft;
Red, $1 2001 25 for feed and $1 25©1 35 for
seed; Gray. $1 22tf«l 27H per rtl. -
CORN — Quotations show considerable change,
and offerings are larger. The feeling. on the
whole Is weak and the demand is poor.
Western sacked, $1 80@l S5 for Yellow,
$1 8061 '82% for White, and -|1 2501 80 for
mixed; California large Yellow, fl 3001 40;
email round do, $1 40Q1 60; White, (1 25@1 80
per cental.
RYE — Continues dull at $1 25® 1 30 per ctl.
B BUCKWHEAT— $2 25@2 BO per ctl.
g rains, though j the market , chows - no .weak
ness. Offerings continue ample tor.' all needs.
THE FA?! FRAK CISCO CALX;: .SUNDAY, •;_ NOVEMBER. 15, 1903.
THE COAST RECORD.
LOCAL MARKETS.
I STOCK MARKET.
Felt Sale With Franklin.
In the middle of the severe electrical
storm of a recent Sunday afternoon a re
serve policeman, at Ninth and Chestnut
streets, found a young negro boy shiver
ins and wet to the skin clinging to the
base of the Ftanklln statue in front of
the Postofflce building. The street was
deserted by everybody else. The police
man went up to the lad and asked him
why he was standing out in the rain.
The little fellow replied: "Gee. boss, I'se
orfully afeared of llghtnln*. and Franklin
lnvenshuned the llghtnln*, didn't he? Di3
am de safest place foh dia chicken."
The policeman passed on.— Philadelphia
Public Ledger.
Clergue's Early Training.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
39
FOREIGN CAPITAL
NOT AFFECTED BY WALL STREET.
Enabl'.ns owners of approved properties to
DEVELOP— EXTE3n>— EQUIP-.
INDUSTRIALS, BAH. WAYS, MUtCS
and slmlUrVnterprlses. Address with full d*-
talls. J. S.^VHITE. Manager. Security Uf»
ii. Co.. «1 WALL ST.. NEW YORK. < I
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
MATRIMONIAL
COMEDY OP THW
THANKSGIVING
TTJBKEY
You'll Koar With Laughter at
This Story in the
AUCTION SALES
BED RIBBON SPEED SALE
TROTTING STOCK,
Consisting of half sisters of Dlrectum, 2:05*4;
'John A. McKerron. 2:l«5".i; Bay Rum. 2:25V 4 ;
Algregor. 2:11, etc.. and the ftnest-Joofcing trot-
ters and pacers ever offered, by such sires as
McKInney. 2:11*; : Rey Direct. 2:10; Direct.
2:05Vi; Cba«. Derby. 2:20; Diablo. 2:0»U;
Silver Bow, 2:16; Owyhee. 2:11; Stelnway,
2:25*i: Hart Boswell. Ueorse Washington.
2:16%; Monterey. 2:0OVi: Dexter Prince, any
McKInney. Prince Nutwood. 2:11V»; Almonl-
tlon, 2:21%. etc.. consigned by Messrs. H. C.
Saunders. Jaa. H. Gray. P. Foley. Oeo. A. Da-
vis. P. J. Williams, Thos. Smith. C. Becker.
E. C. Archer. L. M. La Sclle and other well-
known horsemen.
SPECIAL SALE
Seven young stallions', finest bred In Califor-
nia. Four by McKInney (2:lUi>. one by SllTer
Bow (2:16). one by Owyhee (2:11). one by
Egyptian Prince.
Nine of the Finest Broia Shetland
Ponies).
Surrey and Four- In -Hand Harness. ><
A span of spotted ptntoa; saddle horses; weU-
¦ matched teams; fine roadsters; mares with rec-
ords; young stallions, etc.
TUESDAY EVENING, N0YEM3ER 17, 1903,
Commencing at 7:30.
Occidental Horse Exchange
246 Third St.. Near Folsorp
WM. G. LAYNO, Live Stock Auctioneer.
Horses at yard Saturday. November 1*. until
evening of sale.. '
fe fe
Auctioji Sale of
Work, Driving and Saddle Horses
WEDNESDAY EVENING. Nor. 13.
At S o'clock.
17 Head, weighing from 1050 to 1500 pounds.
From
J. KINSMAN. Bonanza. Or.
22 Head, weighing from 1020 to 170O pounds,
H. C. HITFFMAN. Sutler County. Cal.
These horses are all broke and are from 4
to 9 years old. Good, sound, serviceable horses,
ready to be put to work.
Horses at yard. Sunday. Not. 15.
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
1732 Market St.. cor. Van Nesa ave.. 8. F.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SPyPAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1903.
40
JOSST O. SPaxCKEItS. Proprietor.
ACflres coEimcaifcis ta IOKS MtifADGHT, Kaiiagr
TELEPHONE.
Afk for THE CALL. The Opfrator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You Wish- .
rubliration lOfflce Market and Third. 8. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson at.
Delivered by r«rrierf!. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Cts Per Month, fx'nffle Ccple* 8 Cents.
Tfrmt by Mail. Including Postage (Cash With
Order) :
DAILT CALL <inrlud. Sunday). I year.. $S. 00
DAILY CALL Cnelud. Sunday). 6 mos.. 4.00
DAILY CALL — By S'.ngls Month 75"
PUNDAY CALL. 1 Year 2.50
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year 100
rnprTrv Daily.. ..$S.SO Per Tear Extr*
I?^a.°f Sunday.. 4. J5 Per Year Extra
FCSTAOE. Weekly,, 1.00 Per Year Extra
AI-L PCFTMAPTEP.S ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Eaaple Copies will be forwarded when re-
Mall *ubscrtfcer» fn ordering change of_ ftd-
Crri* should be rerticular to irive both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure n
pren-.pt ard correct compliance with the'.r re-
«uest.
OAKLAND OFFICE: _
i:iS Broadway Telephone Main 10SS.
BETIKELEY OFFICE: __
21*8 Ceater Street Telephone North 77.
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRANE 1106 G Etreet. N. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf - Aetorta Hotel: A. Brentaao, 31
Calea Square. Murray Hill Hotel; Flftn-av«-
cue Hctel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Pherman House:- P O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hot*!; Psteer House. •
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE.
C. GEORGE KROGNESS..Mar<juette Botld'g
<Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH SO Tribune BuildiCK
N"EW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square .
BrsrXEFR OFFICE of th» San Francisco |
Call, corner Market and Third streets: open ;
UBt'.l 12 o'clock rvery r.isht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
f27 Mor.tpomery ttrett. corner Clay; open un-
til J»:30 p. m.
?<"> Hay** street; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
Clfi Larkin etreet; open until 8:30 p. m.
1M1 MlfFion street; open until 10 p. m.
22CI Market street, corner Sixteenth; open ;
until 9 r. m. ',
lf>6 Eleventh etreet; open until 9 p. in.
10S>6 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
!Corthe*rt corner Church and Duncan streets; ¦
open until 9 p. m. ;
Northwest corner of Twenty -second and |
Kentucky etroets; open until 9 p. m. :
2200 F:!!rocr»> street: open until ft p. m. j
»-- - ¦ - i
REAL J2STATE — «XV—-KC»rX SAL.I3.
SPECK & CO..
«Mj7 MARKET ST.. OPP. KEARNY.
He«4 !>:s!« Agents and Rent Collectors.
Full Charge Taken of Property.
SELECTED INVESTMENTS.
$225.000 — Magnificent downtown Ellis-et. cor-
ner; nearly 100 ft. frontage; 5 stores
and w» rooms *bove; gooo building:: •
friving leaisfs and expanding aoout $ti00<< :
will rent for 51SS9 per month; no
choicer buy in the market.
CORNER NEAR MARKET.
$130,000— First-Ft. corner; new brick building: i
10 years' lea*e to nne tenant; JH^K) sq. I
feet floor tipax-e: a very choice buy.
FOURTH-ST. TRAXEFER CORNER.
$60.000 — Main corner; 75xl«» feet; stores and
apartments above; pays'6 per cent net;
very safe investment to hold - .'¦
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER.
$f>0.O<K)— 12 new. up-to-date flats; modern In
every rcrpect ; r a >' s 15 P* r cent net by
aFsuming bank mortgage of $25,000 at 1
f>K per cent Interest: lot S7:0xS* feet; |
6 blocks from new City Hall.
NORTHWEST CORNER.
$50,000— 137 :6xlC7:«; fubFtartial improve- i
merit* : Insured fcr $20. W0; mortgage ;
cf $30,000 at 5»s per cent can remain; I
rays S per cent net.
LARKIN-ST. BUSINESS CORNER.
$50,W0 — £7 feet frontage: etores and lodging- i
house; pays 'i per cent net; offer of .
$47,000 refused; such downtown cor- i
ners are scarce
PECOND-ST. CORNER.
$iS,000— One ujid a half blocks from Market j
Bt. : 47 feet front; cheapest downtown
corner to be had near Market st.; a
rhance to make a turn at good ad- !
vane*.
TEN YEARS' SECURED LEASE.
$17.500 — Corner; stores and apartment-house;
60 rooms; 5-«t.ory building: 10 year*"
secured lease; 1 tenant; $4400 annual
rrntF; will consider part exchange city
property; mortgage 520,000; pays over
« per cent net
CHANCE FOR SPECULATORS.
$42,000— Lot 82x275; two frontages; 100 rooms;
r»>nts $ST-O: one tenant; can be eafily
leased at $i00
POLK-ST. BTSIN-ESS PROPERTY
$22, 000— Stores and lodging-house; rents $165:
lot 3«) feet frontage; pays over 9 per
cent net.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT
$16,500— O'Farrell M.. east of Van Ness; pays
10 p^r cent net by assuming $3C00 bank
mortgage; rents $115; lot 27:6x120; two :
frontages.
$11,500— Rrnis $119; downtown flatc; lot 50x i
R0 feet. I
$3.25fi— Yearly income $420; flats near Third
and Bryant; lot 25x75 feet.
$1.100 — «'orner lot. near Golden Gate Park- '
25x100 feet. ' ;
SPECK & CO.. 6<J7 Market st. i
NELSON". JOHNSON & CO.
205 Montgomery st., opp. Mills bldg.
$7..'»O— Rente 5SS2; 50 ft. frontage; 6 attrac-
tractive, well-built flats of 4 and 5
rooms; perfect condition; never Idle;
few feet Third st.
$12.500— HentF $12W; lot 40x150; 11 block*
Market and Kearny; select location- «>
attractive, mod-m. li fi ht and sunny
flat*; r*>rfect condition; never idle
$3,500— Klrgant i^-to-date residence Ht a' sac-
rifice; absolutely must be sold; reduced
from $14,000: » rooms and l>ath: beauti-
lu!!y situated: key lot. recep-
tion hall, servants 1 rooms, etc.; elegant
cardfn: mprlne view.
$7.75<> — :; beautiful ur<-to-date flats: only one
Hock from Market St.; thoroughly up to
da«<~; buiit by day's labor.
$7,500— Key lot. 25x100; Golden Gate ave.:
choicest blrx-k; L» eletant modern sunny
flats cf ti and 7 rooms and bath
iK»— Herts *(>42: 37:6 frontage; 4 well-
built flats: new plumb'r.c; perfect con-
dition.
*'— Rents $'J12: Sacramento st.: very large
lot. with 4 flata and cottage; new anc
up" to date; very choice neighborhood.
X) — <")icucr- inside flats, one block Market
5l^ ." V e "' bi:1U flats, 5 and p rooms
and bath.
X>— Howard St.; richt downtown; north
side: reduced from $10.<XO to force sale
thin week; a big speculation.
W— Elegant un-to-date residence of 9
rooms cnJ bath; flooded with eun«hlne-
r A oa ii V , rcw fwt froni 1>ark Panhandle. '
>0— Oak «t.. cIom In; 2 very well-built
r - ,w> 8U ? ny .. flats of 5 and *'' rooms and bath.
1-..000— liight downtown; 5T,xl20; 2 frontages-
the only lot of its site in the heart of
5 B .-0O— Lot .50*10.' :6; 2 attractive bay-win-
dowed flata of e and 7 rooms and bath;
near Hileht nr.d Scott sts
NELSON, JOHNSON & CO
-Qo Montgomery et.. cpp. Mills bldg.
R. D. CRANSTON & SONS.
114 — Montcomcry et. — 114
Real Estate and Insurance Brokers.
Before buyir.g call or «-nd for one of our
r*w catalogues. Just published. Choice prop-
erties for sale in all parts of the city.
$2.000- Wcrth $S200; «iy on « Mt . a flae
• e-r «~v * on Asllbuj T «t.. near Page.
$7.^00— Offer wanted; an attractive, substan-
tial and thorourtty modern house of 10
rooass and bath, en Scott st. facing
L-utcc! Parl;; lot 25x120. i*cm*
$7,500 — A downtown investment, paying $10*0
a year; larce confer facing park- lm-
rroveroentg cn!y 5 years old.
$2.C0O— fcr-lendid l:*y lot on Grove et near
Golden Ga.t<? Park; sunny side of street-
fln» view, etc.; 25x125 '
$i,0O0— Fine large let. 27:«xl37:6; on sunny
elo> of Haicht tt.. near Devisadero.
$3.100— Cozy cottage In the Minion warm
• beit; X> rooms nnd bapi; Just completed
$7.t0O— A sr.cp on Fell etrctt. near Euchanan-
rer.ts SMCa year; lot 27:0x120. running
through to Hickory ave.
$3,500— Prit-e reduced: residence cf 9 rooms
and bath: sood f table in rear; nea-
Ai. .¦:.-> Square; lot OOxI.'W.
HO.CW — ilagnificent home of 15 laige sunny
rocms; beautiful lawns, canlens. etc. •
tuort«Kire of $95C0 can remain; lot 37x
100.
?3.O?0— Pricr reduced to clcse an estate: beau. '
¦ r tiful new home of 0 rooms en Ashbury
et.; hardwood finith. etc.
.'OSHPH STRAUB. 630 Market st.
' 52100 — Cor. Twenty-fifth nnd Wisconsin ets.:
nw cottaue of 4 rooms, bath and basement:
E r <*1 location for crccery: $500 down, $15 month.
. £1750 — Fine new cottage of -4 rooms, bath ami
bowmen!: fCOO down. $15 a month; Wisconsin
!¦:.. near Twenty-fifth.
FOTt pile on 19th st.. near Church. 3 modern
flats, rental 2t SW a month; fitted up with
Mil the- latest improvements. D. CONDON. ,
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
G. H. CMBSEN & CO., 20 MONTGOMERY ST.
AUCTION
AUCTION-
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
Of investment, residence and unimproved
properties will be held at our salesroom, MON-
DAY, NOVEMBKU 16. 1903. at 12 o'clock noon.
REFEREE SALE.
773-5-7 Bush »t., bet. Powell and Mason; Im-
provements consist of :J flats of 5-5-11 rooms
. and bath each; rents $7S per mo.; 22xS4; sub-
ject to confirmation by the Superior Court.
CLEMENTINA-ST. INVESTMENT.
No. 1.
R22 Clementina st. north line, near Fourth
st.: Improvements consist of a 2-story frame
dwelling of 9 rooms and bath; rented low at $25
per xnoijlh. -...- .;.¦
No. 2.
SIM Clementina St.; improvements consist of a
cottage of 5 rooms; rented low at $13 pe.' |
month
BUCHANAN-ST. RESIDENCE.
1623 Buchanan et.. bet. Post and Geary; Im-
provements cooslst of a 2-story dwelling of 7
rooms and bath; rents $37 50 per mo.; lot 24x
87:6.
BRYANT-ST. INVESTMENT.
812 Bryant st.. north line. bet. 6th "and 7th.:
improvements consist of 4 tenements; rents $*0
per month: let 25x75.
CHOICE BUILDING LOT.
Page St.. near Clayton; unimproved lot, 25x
1^7:6: level and ready to build on.
FOLSOM-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
1227 Folsom St.. bet. Mh and 8\h: improve-
ments cor.slBt of 2-story dwelling, of 8 rooms,
and bath and 2 rear flats cf 3 rooms each; rents ;
$43 per month; lot 25x90
DOWNTOWN PROPERTY.
625 Howard Bt., bet 1st ar.d 2d; old Improve-
ments conrlct of double house of 6 rooms; rents
nominal; lot 25xS5; eplendld holding to im-
prove.
M. LANDERS ESTATE.
The following five properties must be sold to
close the above estate;
No. 1.
S24 Ehotwell tt.. west line. bet. 22d and 23d;
Improvements consist of a substantial 2-story
residence, of 9 roome and bath, with stable and
flat of 4 rooms and bath in rear; rents $50 per i
month; 10x122:6 irregular.
So. 2.
Sbotwell St.. west line. bet. 22d and 23d sts.;
i choice building lots: splendidly located in the
I Mission warm belt; 3 lots. 27:6x145 each.
No. 3.
Mission st., east line. bet. 223 and 23d sts. :
2 lets. 23x112:6 each.
• • No. 4.
Market St.. southeast line, bet. Dolores and
Church sts.; unimproved lot, 25x100; splendid
holding for enhancement ',. *
No. 5.
Lot No. 3 ct block No. 2«4. South San Fran-
, Cisco and Railroad Homestead Association, 75x
j JCH>.
Fr>r further particulars of the above and for
catalogue apply
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery st.
G. H. UMBSEN i- CO..
20 MONTGOMERY ST.
j $02,500— nuRiness comer on Larkin ft., rent-
ing fcr $(5000 per annum; under a flve-
y-ars lease; large lot.
! $25.000 — Good sU<! for an apartment-house;
j Hyde Et.; 00x120: 2 houses of 10 rooms
: an<i hath each, renting for $100 per
I month; imnrcvcnwnl*: of little value.
$?,000— Rtnts $1020 per annum; near 1st and
Folsom Ft.".: lot 50x70.
$7,CCKt — An elecant park residence. 8 rooms
ani hath and basement; 25x126.
?.">,400 — Rents $570 p*r annum; near 17th and
Sanchez f=ts. ; 3 fiats; lot 29x114.1
$3, CCO — Rents $.19(5 per annum: 2 flats and lot
23x100; concrete foundations, etc.
For further particulars of the above and for
the Keel Ketate Record, containing a list of
. jroperties for sale -in all parts of the city, ln-
¦ quire at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery St.,
I Keal Estate Agents and Auctioneer*.
I DESIRABLE sunny building lots, clcse to Du-
I bose Park: bituminized streets; lots level and
ready to build on; a rare chance to obtain
a holding admirably situated and clos» to the
fcity at a very reasonable figure; diagram,
price and all further particulars at our of-
fice. G. H. ITMBKEN & CO..
20 Montgomery st..
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
MADISON & BUKKE.
KEAL ESTATE AGENTS, *
ESTABLISHED JANUARY. 1S5S.
j 30 Montgomery et Opposite Lick House
i $18,000— Devisadero st.; store and flats; let 30x
S2:6; new building; rent $150.
( $34,000 — Fine business corner on Devisadero
M.; rent S240O Der annum and tenants
make all repairs and pay water extra;
lot 50x100 feet.
I ! $5,500 — Sacramento st., near Flllmore: 10-
r.-K r.i \er/ sunny: this is very
cheap and is in good order. ¦¦•'. '¦¦¦:¦
l $12,000— Post st.: two large, well constructed
houses; very large lot.
Fillmore St.. corner of Geary: 1S5 feet on
Geary and 137:6 feet on Fillmore: the ]
largest and finest com»r on the market j
on any business street; $40,000; call for
particulars.
Jackson st.. -SO-vara lot. corner Lyon: an ele-
gant, sightly building location; com-
mands rrand. unobstructed view and I
best neighborhood In city; only $o0,000. I
$S,000 — To close an estate; Dolores St.. near j
fiixtrcnth; rt houses; rents SCO; large lot; '
must sell immediately; call for partlcu- !
Cheap home; only $2300; on Twentieth st.. near J
. Cuem-ro; 4 rocras and bath; cottage and •
lot. 25x114. • |
. .
% f QT*S
: $10,S0rt— Jackson et.: SOvara lot in the Presi-
dio Heights district.
I $4,200— Steiner st., near O'Farrell; 25x109:9.
! $2,500 — Lots on Larkin Et., near Broadway;
$100 per foot.
' Choice residence lots on Sutter. Poet and
Steiner bts.. in sizes to EUit. ¦
Building lots, northeast corner Golden Gate
ave. and Baker st., in Fizes to suit;
prices from $2000 upward.
$1,500 — Snap: northeast corner Sanchez and
Valley 8ts.; 26:6x100.
MADISON & BURKE,
f 30 MontKomery st.. opp. Lick House.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS. ¦
Never Before Were Lots Sold so Fast!
Why? Because they are choicest and cheapest. I
$500 to $1200 — Every lot graded for building'; |
fronting boulevard, park, ocean and cars; un- I
obstructed ocean view from every lot; don't ;
miss, this opportunity for bargains; see- them >
to-day; easy terms.
$75 to $300 — Near park and ¦ ocean; $5
monthly. :.;..¦,;,,
Oceanslde Branch Office on 49th ave. and K
st. Open Sundays.
$500 to $1000 — New lots In Sunset District:
graded and sewered; near cars; $10 monthly.
Eunset Branch Office on 9tb ave.. Near H t.t.
$150. $200 and $300-^-LeveI Excelsior' Home-
stead lots; near electric cars; $5 monthly.
$1000. $1500. $3500 and $5000—4. 5. 6 and 8
room modern cottages and houses In Sunset,
Richmond. Oceanslde and Excelsior Home-
stead! All bargains'. Easy terms.
EOL GETZ & SON. Owners and Dealers
\ Room 51. Chronicle Building.
RAYMOND. ARMSTRONG & CoTj
Room 2, 7th floor. Mills bldg.
$35,000— Corner Broadway and Baker bts.; 125x
132:7; elevated lot; superb marine view
$32,500 — Larkin st., near New City Hall; 6Ox
$10,000— Washington st, west of Baker; lot
75xl2S; eplendld site ror flats.
$9.000— Beautiful home on College Heights,
. bouth of the. park; new, modern and up-
to-date throughout; grand corner lot;-
eunshlne en every side;' superb views;
, the choicest of choice residence property.
$7,500— Lot and residence; Broderlck st.: fin-
ished basement, double parlor*, recep-
i tlon hall, dining-room, kitchen, 6 bed-
rooms, bath, toilet, etc.; very desirable
at price.
$6,000 — Wlllard st.. College Heights; modern
residence, 7 rooms, bath, etc; lot 37:6
front; stable, etc
$3,100— ?Welsh st.. near Fourtn ; B flats; an-
nual rents $444; water $2 40.
, $5,750 — New flats on Greenwich st.; S and 6
room* each: nay flne Income. ,
RAYMOND. ARMSTRONG & CO.
: SOONER OR LATER
YOU WILL WANT A HOME.
! The sooner you do the better for you. If
you want to see how good we build and what
you can get for your rent money, look at the
bouses we are building on
• Oth ave. and California st.
5th ave. and California et.
Potrero ave. and 23d st.-.
Day and Noe . sts.
If these places do not suit, • tell us where
you want to live and we will build for you.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
; SAVE S5 ~~- T
; PER MONTH
. By buying a lot in the growing city, of Rich-
! mond. where are located the Standard OH
i Company, Santa Fe Railroad terminal, the
Southern Pacific R.. R. belt warehouses and
• manufacturing plants. AH • level. Streets
i graded. Maim free.
i RICHMOND LAND COMPANY,
Crocker buil4mg, San Francisco. -
EASTON. ELDrTdGE & CO. flT>
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION. • oi 1B03
TUESDAY November 24, 1W»
At our salesrooms, at 12 o'clock noon.
FREMONT ST. INVESTMENT.
NW. cor. of Fremont and Harrison sts., ex-
tremely large lot, 45x02:6 feet; iT f\% o ™ %£.
consist of three 2-story frame buildings._con
talning 7-8-16 rooms; also large store; Pre»««'
rents low at $125 per month; this is a mosi
desirable manufacturing site. __,_«.«
GOLDEN GATE AVE. INVESTMENT.
N. line of Golden Gate »ve..- 70 feet B of
Fillmore st.; Nos. 1226-28: lot 30x100 feet, im-
provements. 2 elegant houses. 8 rooms and Daui
each; brick foundation- high basement, reni
$85; mortgage $6000 can be obtained. .
POTRERO MANUFACTURING SIT&^..,
8W. cor. 18th and Potrero ave.; large parcel
of ground, 100x100 feet; will sell as ' » w ° ole
or subdivide into building lots. 25x100 feet.
MISSION FLATS. .
W. line of Shotwell St.. 155 feet no »tl» <*
21st; lot 30x122:6 feet; Nos. 622-622 *»; Im-
provements, 2 beautiful flats. 4-3 room* ajia
bath; beautiful lawn; large palm trees: buiia-
inz newly painted; plumbing in flrst-class or-
der; . rent $40 per month; concrete sidewalK,
bitumlnlzed street. _ •
WESTBRN ADDITION FLATS.
& line of Pine St., 62:6 feet ¦ E. • uf Webster;
3 handsome flats 6-7-8 rooms: permanently
rented at $95 per month; modern in every
respect.
MISSION FLATS.
• P. line of 25th st.. 175 feet W-cf Sanehea.
large lot. 20:Cxll4 feet; No. 4023; 2 sunny
flats, containing 5 rooms and bath each; patent
toilets, brick foundation, large windmill and
2000-gallon tank on premises; no water wiis
to pay ; . rent $35 per month.
' LAGUNA ST. FLATS. _,.._,
E. line of Laguna st., 00 feat S. of Filbert,
24x115 feet; No. 2038; improvements. 2 modem
flats, 6 rooms and bath, 12-foot basement: fine
brick foundation; could easily be made Into 8
flats: rent $40 per month. .
WESTERN ADDITION BUILDING LOT.
N. line of Chestnut st.. 123 feet W. of "Van
Ness ave.; lot 27:6x137:6 feet; particularly de-
sirable neighborhood; flats erected could b«
made to pay handsomely. ._,
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
E. line of Converse st.. 173 feet N. of Bry-
ant, between 8th arid 9th; lot 25x75 feet: Nos.
63 to 71; Improvements, 4 tenement flats; rent
$35 per months In good condition; brick foun-
dation, i •
LANGTON ST BUILDING LOT.
W. line of Langton st., 35 feet N. of Bryant:
lot 25x80 feet: improvements on the premises
of dwelling partially destroyed by flre, which
can easily -be remodeled at slight expense.
POST. ST. INVESTMENT.
N. line of Post St., 305 feet W. of Franklin;
large lot. 60x137:6 feet; No. i3C0; present Im-
provement consists of magnificent 3-story resi-
dence. 24 spacious rooms and baths: steady
tenant ready to take premises at $175 per
month; this portion of Post st. will soon be
Important business property.
For further particulars send for catalogue.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
638 Market et.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market st.
$56,000— CFarrell st., near Hyde; 6?xl20 feet,
throusrh to rear street; 4 houses and 6
flats; present rents low at $2640 per
annum; ground alone worth price asked.
$32,000— Apartment .house; absolutely new;
contains 10 separate apartments. 4 rooms
and bath, toilet and gas ranees, com-
plete; leased to flrst-class tenants, who
pay all water bills, etc., which means
net Income of $2880 per annum.
$14,750 — Franklin st., near Paciflc ove.; 3 mag-
nificent new flats; 56 feet frontaxe;
rented permanently for $146 per month;
absolute bargain.
$14,000- : -Buslness Investment; 2 stores and 6
flats; best block In the Mission; present
rents $118 per month; extremely large
lot, 60x110 feet.
$18,500— Larkin et. near Sutter; COxlOO; Im-
provements three 2-story dwellings;
rented well and paying good Interest;
property east of Van Ness ave. Is gilt
edge.
$11,250 — Sutter St., close to Van Ness ave.:
25x137:6; 3 handsome flats. 6, -7 and 7
rooms and bath; rents $1200 per annum;
cheapest piece on Sutter st.
$10,000 — Three new flats; Union st., near Oc-
tavla; rents $90 per month; mortgage
$5000. .
$10,000— P.olk st., near Market; 23x82:6; busi-
ness property; 7-room' house and store
below; rents $85 per month; cheap at
$700 per Tront foot.
$8,000— Pine st.. near Pierce; handsome two-
story residence; 10 rooms and bath;
high basement and finished attic; drive-
way and up-to-date stable and carriage
shed; lot 43x137 :« feet. :
$7,500— Geary Bt.; 5 minutes' walk from Van
Ness ave.; 34:6x137:6; S-room residence;
modern plumbing; no reasonable offer
refused. .
$6,500— Thirteenth at., near. Scott: three swell
flats, 5. 5 and 6 rooms and. bath each;
rents $C2 50;, open plumbing; concrete
siden-alk; bitumlnlzed street; opposite
the most beautiful park in. the city.
$8,000— Baker st.. near California; 32:6 feet
frontage; 2 • excellent I 2-story, houses, 8
rooms and . bath each; rented $75 per
month; could easily be Increased.
$6,400 — Eighteenth st. ; 2. handsome new flats,
built only 9 months; rented 'to first-class
tenants at $57 60 per month ;• cars pass
door; pays 9Vi per cent net.
$6,000— Scott st., opposite Duboce Park; 27x
100; beautiful 9-room residence, high
basement, brick foundation, unsurpassed
marine view; a snap. . • '.
$2,500 — Harriet st. : 4 flats of 3 rooms each:
rents $30 per month;' never vacant;
owner must sell.' /
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
• . ' 638. Market st.
BOARDMAN BROS. •& CO.. I
Real Estate Agents..
138 Montgomery at,
$36.000 — Sacramento, near Montgomery; 45:
foot lot, with old Improvements.
$16,000 — Howard st., near-2d; 2 frontages: old
Improvements; will pay $S5 a month.
$20,000— Four new flats, Western Addition:
over 0 per cent net: $2040 -a year: ma-
rine view; large, sunny north side lot.
$16,000— Brannan-«t. corner. Inside of 8th: 100
feet: solendld bulldlnr site ar 1 sure of
good turn: near Western Paciflc Rail-
road; old Improvements - bringing in
$1000 annually. : • •
$14,000— Central ave.: 60-foot lot; 6 good flats,
never vacant, $1302 a year. - ¦
$11,500 — Hqward St.. near Int. north line: old
- . improvements, paying small Income;
price Just reduced from $12,500; this is
a genuine snap and a good turn will be
made by the buyer: call for particulars.
$11,000— Page st. ; 3 new flat*, attractive, com-
pl«t«-r paying $102 a month. .
$10,00P — Broderick «t. : 3 flne 7-room flats, in
excellent condition; never vacant; $1110
annually: »>£ per cent- net. ¦¦
$0,000 — Ntar' Fell and Scott: 3 modern flats;
$942 a year; In best condition.
$S,500— Near Howard and 7th' sts. : good loca-
tion: flrst-class Improvements, paying
$82 50 a month. .- , ¦¦
$8,000 — Mission flats, on one of the best
streets: new. and, handsomely finished
with marble steps, etc.; $70 a month.
' $7,500-^Close to Golden Gate Park: 2 modern
flats: $62 50 a month; an excellent In-
vestment.' . . . . ' ..: ;
! J&.250— Near California and Powell: 2 front-
n*res-: only, partially' -improved with
small flats; paying $44 monthly.
$12,500— Washlngton-st. residence; 45-foot lot;
10 rooms; good condition and well built.
$10,000 — Near Vallejo. st. ;. handsome modern 8-
room house; marine view,' and sunny.
$7,500— Presidio Heights;, modern 9-room
house, in Derfect condition 1 ; key lot;
marine ' view. - ¦:-.. : . • w ..
$5,500 — Steiner St., near Ellis; cosy 6-room
house ; enamel bathtub ; good plumbing;
brick foundation: a comfortable home.
$5,600 — Howard, near '21st St.; comfortable 8-
. room, house; a' good opportunity for
homeseekers. ' . .¦ .*...-• '¦. -
$4,750 — Near 23d St.: .'comfortable 7-room
lious?, almost new and in perfect condi-
tion.,' ¦. ••.¦•.;'.%;¦ ¦-- :¦:'. .;¦¦••¦¦¦.
$17,500— Marine view .: lot.' . Paciflc , Heights,
north, line: 60x127:8./ ¦ • . :• -.,-¦.
$4,750-;Best block • on .McAllister st..- north
line, west of Steiner;' no graMlng; shel-
tered from winds; 27:6-foot-lots.
$3,500— Marine view lot,. 2746x127, In a choice
district;, this is a rare opportunity to
have an- extensive,' unobstructed .bay
view af low figure.-. ••. •
$1,600 — lst-ave. lots, near D st.Mots well lo-
cated, in rrowlng'dlstrlct. ', •
BOARDMAN BROS & CO.,
. ¦..¦-." 138 Montgomery at.
HAWKS &' SKELTON.
Rents Collected and 'Entire. Charge '.Taken of
' Property. ) ' , •
$13,000— Taylor-st. • investment,' J n«ax : Butter:
.. „". lot 22:11x87:6; new building here would
¦ . pay well. ¦ ¦ - v -< - - »
$20,000— The finest "view of the bay in this city;
' convenient for cars • and teams; view
• assured forever: ¦ S W corner ' Larkin and
Francisco; 137x137.- -•-- ¦
$7,200— Marine view lot; Hyde '- at. ;' near Chest-
nut; 36:8x110: -very fine : view assured;
new buildings on each .side of It. •
$4,50O-^Lots on-E. side of -Vermont «t, S. of
25th; ready to build on; 183x100.
$8,000 only for 19 lots on :13th. ave.; and B
. St., between Point Lobos ave. and Park:
must be sold ss: a whole ;: 226x240; will
front on, the new park; a snap.
$5,000— Lot on.SW. cor; Laxkln -and Lombard
. sts. ; 25x105; magnificent . marine view
from every window. ¦ •.. ..¦¦:•. •
$4,500— SE. corner Larkin and Greenwich. 60x
62:6; elegant: view, of -Golden Gate and
bay. ¦• , ¦ - • -. . . ..... «V- , .*¦ - .,-.,.
$3,000— Lot, Franklin- st.. . near- Filbert; 83x
100; street sewered. . v r » •*««•¦¦ ,
$4,000— Lot,' Greenwich st., between Van Ness
fye. and Franklin st.;. 66:8x137:6; will
divide It. - >..... .-•.'.. •
¦ HAWK8 & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery «t. .
FOR sale— As a whole or' In subdivisions; < 60-
vara lot. south line Union st.. •137:0 feet east
.of* Pierce; : lot northeast •. corner Green and
Pierce sts. ; lot 103:6x137:6 feet. '^Inquire of
CHARLES C. BEMIS. Real Estate Broker.
221 Sanaome st. :.>-. y. , „-%',.-.'.-. -:¦¦¦ i :¦¦;¦¦ . .-.
FOR sale— SE. : corner of : Vlcksburg .and ' Elis-
abeth ; ' lot 50*114 ; $2400. •. 2538 Howard st. .
REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
BALDWIN &HOWELL, ~^ pos - gT .
19 LEVEL LOTS
ON
HAYES.
. FELL AND
BRODERICK
STREETS.
SUITABLE FOTt **. .
FLATS OR
RESIDENCES.
$2500 AND UP.
$6,100 — Comparatively new pair of flats on the
north side of Frederick St.. near Ash-
bury, 212 and 214; large lot, 25x116:6;
modern throughout; rents low at *60O
per annum; we have been instructed by
the owner, who resides in the Kast. to
Bell this proiwty for her at once; the
5Jk price iias been reduced from $7000 to
¦*» makp a quick sale; the flats could not
be duplicated for less' than $6000; lot
worth fl*500; get permit from our office.
«3, 000— Splendid 2-story house of 7 rooms;
ham In rear svnd driveway; lots of sun;
this place Is a bargain; Maple St.; Pre-
sidio Heights.
$11.500— Spruce St., near Sacramento: new
building: 2 swell flats; rents $1200 per
year; lot 35 foot frontage.
$4,000— Rents ?40 per month; Clement St.; 4
flats of 4 rooms each; lot 25x100.
$15,000— Vallejo St., near Hyde; new building;
renting for $140 rer month;- lot 27:0x
137:6.
$42,500— Rents $3600 per year under secured'
lease; new building; downtown; Ellis
Et. ; Iarce lot.
$50,000— Mission st. business property; large
lot, 46x90; suitable for-Tiew permanent
improvements.
$15,000— Ellis-s-t. corner; lot S5x90; 2 stores:
flat above; buflness property.
?8,7OO— Webster st.. near Haight: let 25x100;
2 flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath each;
large basement; • street bitumlnlzed:
Fplendld location; always rented at $65
per month. .
$S,50O— Sacramento St.; large lot, 81:3x127; 4
flats: rents $81; splendid building in
good repair; rents low and can be in-
creased.
$6.000— Buchanan st., near Sutter; lot 25x92;
2-story house of 7 rooms and bath.
$5,000— Rents $48; Brannan-st. business cor-
ner. 25x100; store; flat above and sta-
' '-¦• - ble.
$12,000— Fell Ft., near Market; lot 27:6x120 to
Hickory ave.; 4 flats In splendid order;
rents $30.
BOVKE. TOY & CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
117 Montgomery Ft.. Opposite Occidental Hotel.
J5.000 — Pays 3 5 per cent upon asking price;
Clay st.. close to Mason; good 2-story
and basement building.
$8,000 — n«>nts $S2 50 per month; 3 good flats
of 6 and 7 rooms and bath; on north
Fide of Grovi St.. close to Alamo Square;
lot 25x137:6 feet.
$9,600— Fulton st , near Devisadero; residence
of 0 rooms and bath; large stable in
rear; also resr house of 7 rooms and
bath: lot S0xl39 feet; Income $70 per
tnontJi; mortgage of $4500 at 6 per cent
• can remain.
$5,750— RentH $56 50 per month; Tremont
ave; 2 modern flats of 6 roome and bath
each: lot i'.'ixSO feet.
$14.000 — Rtnts $116 per month; Central ave.,
clcs<» to Park Panhandle: 6 modern flats
of f> rooms and bath each; lot over 60
feet frontage.
$5,600 — In the Mission warm belt, close to Six-
teenth nnd Valencia sts.; residence of 8
rooms and bath in the best of condition;
lot r;0xl27:(i feet, with stable in rear.
$9,000 — Rents $78 50 per month; Fell et., close
to Park Panhandle: 3 modern flats, of 6
nnd 6 rooms and bath each; lot 25x87:6
feet.
$14,000 — Kents $120 per month; 3 strictly up-
to-date flats, built but six months, of 6
and 7 rooms and bath each; all rooms
light and sunny: marble steps.
$11,500— Rents $100 per month; on Sutter St..
close to Devisadero; 3 splendid flats of
tt and 7 rooms and bath each.
$5,000 — Renta $71 per month; Tehama St.,
near Sixth; i good flats of 3 and 4 rooms
and bath each: in the best of condition;
gas throughout; lot 35x80 feet.
$10,000— Rents $f>5 per month; Bush St.. right
downtonn: 2 good Hats of 6 and 7 rooms
and bath each; also rear house; lot 25x
137:6.
$6,000 — Rents $C1 rer month; northeasterly
corner on Fifteenth st., near Mission;
good 2-story building, store and upper
flat: lot 25x90 feet.
$3,500—01080 to Howard and Fifteenth sts.;
prood residence of 6 rooms and bath; lot
25x75 feet.
$8.500 — Rpnts $75 per mojith; Baker st., near
California: 2 good 2-story houses of 8
rooms and bath each.
$8,500— Kents $&2 00 per month; close to Sixth
nnd Howard sts. ; modern 3-story build-
ing; improvements consist of store and
flats above; good Flze lot.
$5,S50 — Rents $59 per month; <7lay st., close to
Lravenworth; 3 good flats of 3-6-6 rooms
<-ach: lot 2» feet frontage, with a good
depth. -¦ •'.
Further particulars cf
BOVEK. TOY fc CO., 117 Montgomery st.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
PANHANDLE. COTTAGE.
New, modern, up-to-date, 7 rooms and bath;
only $1250.
MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE.
On Paciflc Heights; splendid new residence,
commanding marine view; everything the very
beet: hardwood floors, billiard-room, 2 baths,
furnace, etc.; price $15,000; an" offer wanted. I
PANHANDLE FLATS.
New modern flats, « rooms each; all rented
for $. r i6 50 monthly; price $5750.
MISSION COTTAGE.
Five rooms and bath; 2 lots, 50x121; near
Eighteenth; close to cars; only $2500.
Fine corner on Third et.. near Market; 70
feet frontage; frame building; renting for
$435 monthly; price $150,000. ¦
THIRD STREET.
Between Folsom nnd Harrison: 25xS0 feet;
rents $75; price $14,000. .','¦:' :.-•;>.
McALLISTER-ST. LOT.
Between Scott and Devisadero; 27:137:6;
only S3250.
FELL-ST. ~FLATS. \
Fronting on the Park Panhandle, near Lyon
St.; 4 and 5 rooms; rent $-16; lot 25x100 feet;
price 5BCC0.
PARK 50-VARA. '' • '•" :
On Stanyan st.. looking Into the prettleat
part of the park. -
137:0 x 137:6.
Will subdivide; prices very reasonable; this
property has a great future; flne for elegant
flats or apartment house. ; ¦i-'^r
IN BERNAL HEIGHTS.
Near Mission st. : good corner. 50x70 feet;
only 5750; owner very anxious to sell.
NEW TRACT OPENED.
»On Frederick. Wtllard and Carl sts.. 1 block
from Stanyan. close to all car lines; flne lots,
looking into Golden Gate Park; the streetwork
will be done and several flne buildings to be
erected Immediately; prices from $1200 to $1000.
A splendid chance to get a good lot cheap.
These prices will be raised; buy one now — any
eize frontaee desired.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
A. J. RICH & CO.. P.EAL ESTATE AGENTS,
112 MONTGOMERY STREET.
$100,000. ?'."'
Sutter St. corner; 137 :tt feet frontage; the
very best Investment on this street.
$100,000.
Bush St.. near Sansome; paying an excel-
lent revenue for downtown banking property.
$125,000.
Mission St.. next to Third; 75 feet front by
160 feet to rear street; first time this parcel
of land has been offered and will be held for
ten days only.
$210,000.
Grant ave.. near Market st.. 40 feet front;
a rare opportunity for a downtown improve-
ment.
$175,000.
Stockton St. corner, near Market st.
$38,000— Jackson St.; four : new grand apart-
ments; rented for $4000 per year; lot
60x137:6. . ,
$32,500— McAllister. Bt, near Laguna; 6 mod-
IHSBf ¦ -era flats; rents $215 per month; lot 50x
137:6.
$30,CCO — Northeast corner of Sacramento and
Hyde sts.; large lot. 68:0x97; grand site
for an apartment house.
$17,000— Harrison St. corner; 50x100; near
Sixth st.; paying a flne Income on the
asking price.
$8,700 — Fell St.: modern residence; near Ash-
bury, facing Panhandle and ¦ Park, i
$8,625— Jackson St.; corner lot; 37:6xl27:8U:
overlooking Presidio: commands a flne
marine view; one-quarter cash.
$6,500 — Larkin St.; flne modern cottage house
near Washington; large lot. 29x137:6;
open to an offer.
$6,000— Jackson St.; lot 33x127:8%; marine
. - / view; easy terms. • . ...
$2.100— Pierce St. lots; 25x100 each; between
' Vallejo and Green sts.; one-quarter
cash. . ¦*•.»•
$1,000 — Hayes' St. lots; near Masonic ave.;
easy payments. " J » Uiiisf luytti Iff Qg ' . i
A. J. RICH & CO..
112 MONTGOMERY ST. ,
POINT RICHMOND LOTS. ~~~
BUY NOW BEFORE THE RAISE.
SANTA FE TRACT IS THE BEST.
LOTS ALL LEVKL. $5 • PER MONTH.
BITUMEN SIDEWALK. STREETS GRADED.
McEWBN BROS.'. 118 MONTGOMERY ST.,* ¦•
SOLE AGENTS. •¦•
REAL ESTATE—- CITY— FOR SALE.
DAVIDSON A LEIGH. 2C7 Montgomery .*
Opposite Mills Building Entrance.
n .
RANDALL ST.
$600— Lots 27x133, NK. cor. RaMai: an -j
Chenery sts.; all ready to buiM; »tr»*t
cars pass; the cheapest lots offered to.
day for cottage home, low-priced flats.
: $130 a front fcot for extra choice marine-
view residence lots, near Broadway ai.<J
Fillmore at, north side.
$4,500— A $6,500 cottage home for $i.ZW. th«
best residence b!o<-k on «»uerrero st.;
extra large lot, .-;9:!>xlO"J. with very at-
tractive, sunny, modern house. ?! rooms,
bath, etc.; beautiful garden surrounrl-
lng; house cost JJ.2S0; a snap.
$5,eOO— Rents $526: large lot. 50x75. with .1
well built houses. 4. 6, 7 rooms; will
pay $er>o per annum with small outlay ;
near Third an.l Harrison sts.
$7.000— Rents $840: '.• handsome new flats.
Facramento st.. near Presidio: full
sized, sunny, key lot; fi rooms anri bath
each; every room sunny; the very latest
style and conveniences.
$7,500 — Presidio Heights; beautiful sunny cor-
ner home, with grandest marine view" In
this elegant residence district- extra
large lot. 28x125. and flne new residence
of 9 rooms, bath, etc. ¦ cannot be dupli-
cated for less than $10,u00.
$8.000— Rents $820; 2 of the very best and
cheapest fiats for th» money in the
whole city; 25-foot lot: 6. 7 rooms.
baths, etc.: never vacant; sunny side of
California at.
$13.000— High-class residence; most select
Jackscn-st. corner; special bargain; ele-
gant modern home; lot GOxlOO; 11 rooms,
baths, beautiful interior finish and ap-
pointments; very best of workmanship:
sunny exposure on every aide; cost over
$24,000; Inspect from 2 till 5 o'clock, by
. appointment.
$75.000 — Handsome new private hotel property;
close in; flrst-class location; 50- foot lot:
60 sunny apartments; private baths: ele-
gant appointments; pays 7 per cent; a
strictly flrst-class property.
$105,000 — Almost facing the new Fairmount Ho-
tel; a grand bargain; the choicest hotel
property in the State; full-sized corner
60-vara. 137:6x137:6. with large hanl-
Fome new building; no better construc-
tion or finish In any structure In th»
city; secured lease; paying 6 per cent
net; ample room to construct addition,
for which lessee offers to double present
rental: sunny exposure and superb ma»
rinc and city view which can never be
obstructed; the completion of the grand
Fairmount Hotel in the near future can-
not fall to double the value of this flne
property; all cars transfer to this cor-
BL'ILDERS. SPECIAL ATTENTION!
Ey order of the executrix we Invite bids trn-
tll Wednesday, 11th inst., on a swell lot. 120
feet front, on Howard St.. running through to
rear street, as a whol* or in subdivisions. This
property can be bought cheap enough for me-
dium-clasd fiats or dwellings, which will bring
large rentals and wculd sell at a good profit.
Investigate this. Must be 6old at once to close
the estate.
Call for our list of vacant and Improved prop-
erties.
DAVIDSON & LEIGH. 2O7 Montgomery st.
" BURNHAM & MARSH CO..
211 Montgomery st.
BARGAIN* ON MARKET ST.
$74,000—65x130; Market st.. few feet from
Van Ness ave.
GRAND BUY ON GOLDEN GATE AVE.
$52,500— Very large northeast corner; slz« 13T
feet on the avenue by no feet In depth; ele-
gantly situated; pays 6 per cent.
CHANCE FOR QUICK PROFIT.
$4300 — Rents 3 per cent; Tehama St.. between
Third and Fourth, backing to 52 feet front-
age on Howard st. '*~-~~'~i.
' PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$22.000 — Cream location but four blocks from
Van Ness ave.; double modern residence of
1* rooms and bath each; hardwood finish,
electric lights, etc.; large lot. 50x137:6. and
grand marine view.
ELEGANT NEW FLATS. ¦
$6500 — Tw o beautiful, up-to-date Cats on Col-
lege Heights; panoramic view of Golden Gate
' Park and surrounding hills: rents $55 a>
month; easy terms; same a3 paying rent.
PATS $40 A MONTH.
$5000 — Store and flat on Seventeenth St., near
Mission.
PAYS $40 A MONTH.
$5750 — Store and flat on Ninth st.; has biff
future.
"PAYS $30 A MONTH.
$3250 — Store and flat on Eleventh st. '
CHEAPEST BUSINESS PROPERTY OK
THIRD ST.
$115,000— Reduced from $135,000 for Immediate
sale: few feet from Mission st. ; grand corner
ISO feet frontage; £250 square feet; pays good
interest. :' v ;'
$15.000 — Corner of Fifteenth and Valencia; one
block from new theater; slz« 40x137:9; pay
big If Improved.
GOOD DOWN-TOWN' BTJY.
$32,500— Rent $223 50 a month; only part Im-
proved: Bush st.,- east of Larkin, and large
' lot. 66x117.
SNAP ON O'FARRELL ST. -"«-'•
FAST BECOMING BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$26, COO— Right down town; level block; good
building; pays over 7 per cent net; double
bank Interest. y-V-
SECURE A HOME.
$3000 — Only $250 cash, balance $29 a, month:
2-story cottage of 6 rooms and bath and two
wood mantels; .sunny location and fine view;
. within 17 minutes of Market and Keaxny.
ELEGANT RESIDENCE.
$3900— Park Panhandle district; 10 large sunny
rooms and bath; marble steps; finished in
hardwoods; all modern Improvements; must
sell on account of leaving the city.
CHOICE FLATS.
$5500 — Rent $47 50 month; new. modern and
up to date, and only 1 - block from Goldea
Gate Park.
BURNHAM & MARSH Ct*.
- 211 Montgomery st.
B. GETZ. Room 22, Chronicle Bids.
OWNER AND DEALER.
$60 to $500 — Ocean Heights and Ocean Boule-
vard lots:::
$300 to $500 — Nineteenth-ave. Boulevard lots't*
Graded and level, ready to build on.
$350 to $1200— Choice Sunset and Richmond
lots!!!
$150 up— Excelsior Homestead— warm belt of
the Mission. Level lots, ready to build on
good car service.
All lots sold on easy monthly payments from
$5 up.
$1000 to $5000— New cottages and houses on
easy. Installments.
NO TROUBLE TO SHOW MY PROPERTIES.
Call at my office, room 22, second floor.
CHRONICLE BUILDING.
MODERN cottages; finished complete with
every convenience; easy terms; large lots.
4 rooms — $2900.
6 rooms — $3250.
¦ 5 rooms — $3500.
6 rooms— $.'5000.
7 rooms-^$4100.
8 rooms — $4C0O.
Located on First and Second ave.. bet.
Geary and McAllister st. cars and one block
north of park. F. NELSON, builder.
A PAIR of flats* on 15th ave.. Richmond dis-
trict, now being completed; price $5000; $1000
cash. $300 In b months, balance as rent. H.
R. COOPER. 776 Marfret st.
MODERN 5-room cottage: elegantly finished
inside; easy terms. Edinburgh st., bet.
Brazil and Persia.
FOR bargains In city property, call on
ROTHERMEL & CO.. 507 California %%.
BUILD on your unimproved realty: we loan
full cost Improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
FIVE Income flats on Fulton, nr. City Hall;
reasonable. Inquire 142 Fulton St.. owner.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
1« paces, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
POINT R ICHMOXD RE A L ESTATE.
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts :
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bids.
REAL ESTATE T O EXCHANGE.
NEW 6 and S room houses in Oakland and
Berkeley, or exchange for lots or land: also
large list of property for sale or exchange.
O. A. LANE. 515 Mills bids.. San Ftanciaeo.
OAKLAND property to exchange for a small
¦ ranch in ' Sonoma or Napa County. P. C
LASSEN &¦ CO.. 46W Tenth St.. Oakland. Cal.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
10 pages, in wrapper, for mailing , $1 per 7 *«
REAL ESTATB^-^ITY-^FOR^Aj^g:
SHAINWALD," BUCKBEE & CO.. ' ~_
218-220 MONTGOMERY ST.
$10,000 — Must be sold for absent owners; Pine
tt:, near Buchanan; 2 substantial resi-
dences of 10 rooms and bath each : mod-
ern plumbing; in flrst-clasa condition
throughout; renting for $87 60; always
rented; lot 41:8x137:6 ft.; all reasonable
offers will be submitted.
ESTATE PROPERTIES.
$7,000— Reduced from 58100; must be sold:
Sutter St., near Devisadero: substantial
residence and stable; extra large lot,
69x114 ft.: will sell residence and lot,
34:3x114 ft., for $6000.
$2,700— Reduced from $3100; Church st.. near
17th; two cottages renting for $20: large
lot. 36:6x100 ft., or will sell 65 ft. and
three cottasres renting for $30 for $5100:
these properties have been cut away
below the market price of adjoining
property to effect Immediate sales.
$9,750 — Franklln-st. corner, near Golden Gate
ave.; two-story residence renting for $60
per month/extra lot 40x70 ft.; -should
be Improved; a bigtbargatn.
$17,000 — Offer wanted; Washington St., N. line,
near Larkin; two modern . residences,
/•¦¦'..- 12-13 rooms, 2 baths each; renting for
$130 per month; lot 45:10x137:6 feet.
$10,250 — Clay st., near Jones; 3 modern flats,
8-6-8 rooms and bath; rents $1050 per
annum; always rented.
$9,000— Minna St.. near Sixth; + flats, renting
for $60 per month; 3-5 rooms and bath;
lot 25x80 feet: must be sold.
$5,000— Sutter st.. near Devisadero; flne lot
to build on; 40:6x100 feet.
$82,600— Larkin st., near McAllister; grand lot,
60x87:6 ft.; would be Ideal location for
stores and arartment-houso or hotel:
mortgage of $16,000 can remain; must be
sold; make offer.
$7,000— Presidio Heights corner, 85x107:8 ft.:
positively the biggest bargain for a
sunny corner lot in this district; both
streets bitumlnlzed; slds sewers, bulk-
head and stone sidewalks.
$10,000— Vallejo st, near Leavenworth; S mod-
ern flats one year old; 6 rooms and bath
each; lot 27:6x127:8 ft.; rents for $87 50
monthly.
M.800 — Howard- nt. Investment: rents $C4 60
• - V. monthly: lot 25x85 ft.; near Eighth at.;
substantial Improvements.
$11,000— Reduced from $12,600: Clay st., near
Buchanan; beautiful 10-roomed resi-
dence; every modern Improvement; %
block from public square; lot 25x100 ft.;
Is belnjt sold at the above figure to ef-
fect an immediate sale.
$35,000 — Fillmore, corner Sacramento; one of
the best Investments in the market;
handsome lot to improve.
$8,000 — Central ave., near Paciflc ave.; ele-
gant marine view; lot 40x90 feet, V>
• block from Presidio gate; ready to build
on; is being offered at above low fig-
ure to effect quick sale.
$21,000 — Fifth St.. near Folsom; new building,
store and lodging- house; rents for $175
per month: lodging-house has 43 rooms
and bath; five-year lease; mortgage $12.-
000 can remain; all repairs made by
tenants; one of the. best investments
on the market.
$80,000— Nob Hill residence; substantial two-
story attic and basement residence: 12
rooms and 2 baths; electric lighting;
good stable; lot 60x127:6 feet.
$18,000— New Presidio Heights residence; first
oflor; contains large reception hall ¦ and
living room, dining room, breakfast
room, kitchen and butler's pantry. Up-
per floors: Contain 6 bed rooms and
bath, also billiard room. Basement:
Contains ball room, laundry, servants'
room, furnace, etc.; house Just com-
pleted and sold on account of owner's
departure from city: lot 40x127 :8U feet.
$45,000 — O'Farrell-st. corner, down town: three,
frontages; old Improvements renting for
$138 ix?r month; lot 50x00 ft.: mortgage
of S26.0OO at 6 per cent can remain.
$6,250— Mission st., near 20th: store and 6
rooms; lot 28x122 ft.; make offer.
$2,200— Northwest corner of Castro and Alva-
rado sts.; lot 60:6x105 feet; elegant
view of city.
$31,750— Fourth St., near Mission: lot 28:10x
¦ 62:6 ft.: rents nomlal; should be im-
proved.
$9,000 — Income $000 gross per annum; 2 new
modern flats on sunny side of Sacra-
mento at.; will pay 8 per cent net; lots
25x100 feet.
$7,200— Presidio Heights residence; Locust St..
near Jackson; almost new; 2-story, base-
ment and attic: 7 rooms and bath and
basement; 3 bedrooms and also room for
servant; lot 25x112:6 feet.
$35,000 — Mlssion-st. corner; 100' ft. front; pays
over 10 per cent net; stores and apart-
ment house above; 'fine investment.
$30,000— 3- story and basement brick building.
Battery st. ; one tenant: leased five years
at S175 monthly: pays 6 3-10 per cent
net; lot 40x04 feet. '
$7,000^ — Broadway, this side of Van Ness ave.;
2 modern flats of 6-5 rooms and bath;
rents $53; a pick-up.
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for sale.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO..
Real Estate Agents,
21&220 Montsomery st.
C. M. WOOSTER' CO..
C. M. WOOSTER CO.,
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. '
648 MARKET STREET
$7,750 — Three handsome, new modern flats on
15th St., near Dolores; finished in the
latest style; rents $870.
$11,500— Three handsome modern flats renting
,' • ; very low for $720; lot 25x100;. also va-
cant lot. 50x100; Sanchez.' near Market.
$9,250 — 3 modern flats on Halght st., near
"Webster; rents $000: lot 25x100.
$9,500 — 2 stores and 4 flats on a corner within
5 minutes' walk of the City Hall; rents
$1116; property in flrst-class condition.
$24,000—5 new modern flats, up to date, well
built, etc.;. on a "Golden Gate ave. cor-
ner; rents very low, $2204.
$5,500— « well-built flats, very close to Third
st.; In excellent condition; always rent-
ed: pays $6C0.
$18,500 — 3 magnificent new modern flats, 9 to 11
rooms/ bath, up to date in all details: 10
minutes' walk from Kearny and Market
sts.; lot 25x137:6; rent $1740.
$7,000 — 2 modern flats and a rear cottage; on
Posfst.: rents $7S0; lot 27:6x137:6.
$2,800 — 3 good flats on Greenwich st., near
Larkin; the lot. 27:4^x137:6, Is alone
worth the asking price; grand marine
view; rent $300.
$4,650— Rents $540; 2 good flats on Second St.,
near Bryant; always rented.
$11,000 — Rents $1200; gtore and 8 flats on Sut-
ter st. ; modern: 2 years old; always
rented: an exceptional -bargain.
$7,250 — Must .be sold; 2 new modern flats on
Frederick st., near Cole; rents $700; lot
25x100.
$9,500 — 3 modern flats, 7 rooms, and bath;
rents low, $1110: lot 25x100; on Brod-
erick ct., near McAllister.
$10,750 — 2 elegant new modern flats on the best
, Dart of Presidio Heights; rents low,
$1110; lot 35x87:6.
$6,000 — 2 modern flats on Bush St.; rents low,
$«30; lot 35x87:6.
$15,500—3 elezant new modern -flats; 7 rooms
and bath each: rents $1560; on Wash-
ington st.: lot 25x104.
$7,750 — Rents $960; 4 new modern flats; porce-
lain . tubs, etc.; near 18th • and . Castro
8tf>.; an exceptional bargain.
Only $3500. cash for a magnificent residence of
14, rooms; finished In the finest possible
manner; on best portion of Paciflc ave.;
if you are looking for something of this
class don't fall to investigate; price
$12,500.
$3,200 — Rents $432; 3 modern houses : only 7
years old; near 18th and Castro sts.';
lot 50x125. Is alone worth the money.
$6,100—3 modern flats on California st., near
Broderlck; rents $660; first-class condi-
tion.
$6,750 — Handsome modern residence, 9 rooms
and bath; stable; near California and
Pierce sts.; lot 26:6%xl37:6;. if you
want a home you can't beat this.
$20,000 — Palatial residence on an O'Farrell-st.
corner, near Van Ness ave.; 3 frontages.
$9,000 — Reduced from $11,000. to force sale;
rents $1176; make offer; owner. must sell;
store and 11 flats always rented; ex-
cellent condition; new .plumbing, etc.;
lot 40x75; near 4th and Bryant sts.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 643 Market st.
FOR SALE BY W. H. CRIM & CO.. • .
118 MONTGOMERY ST.
$11,000 — Buchanan, nr. California; 43:6x100;
double house of 8 rooms, •¦ bath ' each ;
rents $96.
$7,000 — Harrison, nr. 25th, . opp. Garfleld
square;. 60x100; flats of 6 'and 7 rooms
and bath. • ¦ * ¦
$8 250 — 1 flats, i rooms, bath each; rents $74;
mortgage of. $3000; Folsom, nr. 14th.
: $5,000 — Julian ave., nr. 16th st. ; 2 flats, ; 6
rooms,' bath; 30x100. to small street.
$4,500 — Neat home; 8 rooms, -bath; 20th st.,
near Castro. •
$9 250 — 2 flats, 0 and 7 rooms and. bath; rents
- $75; 25x122:6; Cole, near Haight.
$9 250 — 3 flats; Steiner, nr. Union;- 5 and 6
rooms and bath; 27:6x100;. rents $30.
$6,600 — Golden Gate ave., near Laguna st ;
27:6x120.
$1,800—2 lots. Clipper, nr. Church; 60:11x114.
$300— Andover ave.. -nr.. Blaine st.; 25x70;
installments. •
$1.800 — A St.. nr. 9th ave.: 60x100..
BANK foreclosure property — Ten flats on Bry-
ant St.; pays 13H per cent on Investment;
$S500; building almost new; modern.
Lobos -st..' Ocean View; 4- room cottage; lot
50x125; $1000; $100 cash, balance. $10 80 per
¦ month. '
Lobos St.. Ocean View; 4-room cottage; lot
25x125; $900; $100 cash, balance $9 60 per
'month. W.N.RUSSELL.-
• sol California at.. Ban Francisco. Cal.
NOE-ST. cottage for $3500; bet. 17th and 18th;
lot ¦ 25x110; • 6 • rooms, bath. • high basement.
barn: owner must sell: make, offer. G. A.
• BERTON, 323 Montgomery st.'
BARGAIN— Two handsome new - residences of
6 rooms and bath; sunny, modern and up to
date - tn every particular; Nos. . 966 and 968
Clayton St.. near Golden ' Gate ¦ Park; price
¦5100 and $5400. 'Apply R. D. ¦ CRANSTON
.; ; ft - SONS, 7 114 Montgomery st. - .-
$50,000 — 3-STORY ! pressed brick ; and i basement
building In the very center of: Oakland: lease
' for five years under guarantee, lease;, pay ing
' owner 6 per ¦ cent net on : $50,000. Address
T Owner, box 843, Call office, Oakland. * • >7
$4800 — TWO fiats on Chattanooga St.. 5 and 6
¦ rooms, bath: Inclosed porch; Income $460 per
year: Iot'25xl75 1 feet; in flne: condition. Ap-"
ply 227 Chattanooga St., near 23d. .
CBEDIT ACCTIOtf.
CREDIT AUCTION.
CEEDIT AUCTIOX.
CREDIT. AUCTIOX.
CREDIT AUCTION.
THURSDAY, NOV. 10, 1003,
AT Vo/bHEIN REA^ESTATE^Ca.
WITHOUT LIMIT OR RESERVE.
adapted for residence or modern Ea.s. j
Greenst. lot; superb marine view; 34:l%x'
137:8; south lins of Green; 103:1% east of
Derlsau'ero.
B I ~"3£-= hi TC*M3 *«0 "
? $ gl i 8 PER LOT u
? 6 SO i £ (137) L*
_ j A {v 5) 29 : £ HEMAINOERXT-. g
Kg J* Vg-j $1O PER HOHJn. F
5r__ri-#j § IMTRE5T6* •
: 7 . ae ; rf m-st.cam 2
l» 3 8 1 E3J "*" WITHIN ONE BU» Z
$ 3 — f~" 24-J W ALLUNE3 TRWB- £
5s I ' &: § "ft™ 2 **- ST *
QP* a C 3 J
\t *r tt f.i iiffi u a a " " r> —
rtEYABA OM IV* STUBT
I sow J I
t (174) / fe
S ??/ ** *¦ i
fc £7 vwu ?
g^_ / 7$ «<_g
§ ° yfc'ST.CARS WlTrUH J
g • / ONI BLOC* g
P » ALL UNES TRA.N5TEK 3
2 J TO 24T> 1 ST CAR3.;iK g
S * too J *-
P fJ8th)«3OLArio _>T
ALSO THE FOLLOWING LOTS:
BOxlOO— W. line of Arkansas, commencing
850 ft. 8. of Colosa '(Twenty-sixth st.)
BOxlOO— W. line of Connecticut, commenc-
ing 496 ft. S. of Colnsa or T^esty-slzth.
78x100— B. line of Mlctilsan. commencing
200 ft 8. «f Coluia or Twenty-tlxth.
100x100— E. ltne of Missouri, commencing
BO ft. S. of Yolo or Twenty-fltth.
29x100— K. line of Arkansas, eommeartng
200 ft. N of Nevada or Twenty-third.
23x100— K. W. cor. Nerada or Twenty-tntrd
aad Connecticut.
60x100— W. line of Connecticut, eommene-'
lag BO ft. N. of Nera«m or Twenty-third.
76x100— E. line of Connecticut, eomnjenc- 1
Uf 100 ft. K. o* Nevada or Twenty-third.
»7:0xl0O^-E. line of Connecticut, eom-
menclag SAO ft. N of Nevada or Twenty-third.
100x100— W. lln? of Misioorl. commenefng
100 ft. N. of Nevada or Twenty-third.
60x100— N. W. cor. Missouri and N«Ttda|
or Twenty-third.
60x100— E. line of Connecticut, commencing
100 ft. aouth of NeTada or Twenty-third.
BOxlOO— E. line of Connecticut, eommeac-,
log 200 ft. 8; of Nevada or Twenty-third, j
50x100— W. line of Missouri. commeadBg
100 ft. 8. of Nevada or Tweaty-tnlrd.
BOxlOO— TV. line of Mluonrl. comstaaelng
200 ft. 8. of Nerada or Twenty-third.
BOxlOO— E. line of Missouri, comra«neLsf
B0 ft. 8. of Nevada cr Twenty-third.
BOxlOO— E. line of Texas, roamesdnj 100
ft. N. of N«»ada or Twenty-third.
48:SH*1OO~F.. line of Mississippi, com-,
mendog 125 ft. X. of Nevada or Twenty-
third, wr • ': -j
25x100— 8. E. cor! Texas aad Nevada or
Twenty-third.
25x100— E. line of Texas, commencing 25
ft. 8. of Nevada or Twenty-third. ;
100x100— E. line of Texas, commencing 100
ft._ N. of Yolo or Twenty-fifth.
VON RHE1N REAL ESTATE OOXTPANY.
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
LARKIN-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
J67.5C0— Larkin St., near Geary; improved
with stores and flats; rentins for $450 per
month. . '?.-',
MISSION ST. NEAR 16TH.
$22 500 — 75- foot lot: four . 10- room houses;
with slight outlay will pay 1 per cent per
month.
LARGE DEVISADERO-ST. BUILDING LOT.
$20,000— 130x137:0, with old Improvements;
must be sold at once to close an estate.
COR. OF ASHBURY AND FREDERICK STS.
$10,000—61:6x110; NW. corner Ashbury and
Frederick sts.; fine site for residence or flats.
NEW FILLMORE-ST. FLATS.
$n000— Four new bay-window fiats of 4
rooms and bath each; renting for $85.
MARINE VIEW CORNER FLATS.
$K0CO— Cor. of North Point and Hyde sta.: 2
modern, artistically decorated flats of 5 and 6
rooms and bath; unobstructable marine view.
RAUSCH-ST. INCOME PROPERTY.
soouo — Rausch, near Folsom. running
through to Clementina; Improvements consist
of flats renting for $72 oer month.
PINE-ST. FLATS. ¦_ r _ :
$6000— Pine st.. near Van Ness aye.; 2 flats
and a cottage In good condition; renting for $«
per month.
'¦ MODERN BAY-WINDOW FLATS.
$4500— Laguna st., near Union; two modern
! bay-window flats: rents $34.
MISSION HOME.
$4500—30x122:6; Capp St.. near Eighteenth:
2-story bay-window residence of 7. rooms ana
bath, renting for $35 per month.
CORNER GEARY AND BRODERICK.
$4000— 25x92; Improvements, flats renting for
$36 per month.
MISSION FLATS. •
$3250— Sanchez, near Twenty-flfth: 2 flats
of 5 and 6 rooms, renting for $25 per month.
DIAMOND-ST. COTTAGE.
«"600— 28x125; Diamond at., near Eighteenth:
cottage wllh stable; must be sold at once;
cheapea't bargain in the Mission.
CALIFORNIA
TTTLE INSURA m NCE t AND TRUST COMPANY.
IS M0RE
HAYWARD BUILDING.
CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
l^VA PURCHASER OF V PROPERTY OR
MORTGAGEE taking a policy of the California
Title Insurance and Trust Company has the
advantage of an examination made by skilled
experts backed by the guarantee of the com-
pany and coupled with a great saving of time
and expense." •
. WHO SHALL BE MY. EXECUTOR?
The California Title Insurance and Trust
Company, being thoroughly equipped for the
service solicits appointment as trustee tn all
manner of trusts. We are authorized by law
to be named as executor, administrator, guard-
ian and iTecelver. . An individual Influenced by
personal considerations may almost uncon-
sciously conduct a trust for the benefit of
friendly interests: a trust company has none
but its client' s interest to serve. -
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES:
WILLIAM ALVQRD. 8ident
CHARLES R. BISHOP.^
ROBERT BRUCE. of Guthfie &
HPVBT L DAVIS, -' l HT 1 **viirri'WH!TnWsi t-uai
"^ ' President California Optical Co
p N L.ILIENTHAL.
\ ." Manager Anglo-Californlan Bank
¦WARREN OLNEY.
OIney & Olney. Attorneys and Counselors.
CHARLES PAGE. ¦
Paste. McCutchen & Knight. Attorneys.
A T.SPOTTS. ¦ - ¦• - ¦ v -
- Mgr. Cal. Title Ins. and Truat Co.
JOHN R.' SPRING. .
¦ . Capitalist, 530 California at.THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIiLv SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 15; 1903;
41
_•¦'_* MPSICAjL - INSTRUMENTS— Con. ,
ALL' uprights on"-' our bargain i slate to-day —
Collard. $35;F11sher. $50: Sherman A Hyde.
$100; Weber, $65; Klmball. $115; Mansfield A
Notni, $125;-Haynes. $160; American. $165;
Chlckering, . $167; Emerson. $172; Miller.
$175; 2 Stelnways. large and small slxe. $133
and $290; Heine. Urge style, slightly used.
$325. Rents $2 up.- apply on purchase: in-
- stallments $4 up.>~ HEINE PIANO CO.. 233-
. 237 Geary St.;- Oakland branch. Fifteenth and
' Broadway, old P.':O. Bldg. Largest exclu-
' slve wholesale and retail dealers of the West.
A MASSIVE solid walnut case Estey organ,
two banks of keys and pedal basa; cost (750;
your own price. BOWERS A SON. 11 Mason.
ALMOST new upright; cheap: cash or inatall-
ment. ECHMTTZ A CO., 16 McAllister st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnway upright piano:
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's.2S5 O'Farrell.
A -RARE chance: a Hornung Bros.* upright:
little used: muat be sold. 216 McAllister st.
Unredeemed, storage pianos and furniture -dirt
cheap. Whitehead Storage. 1636 Market st.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecllian piano
playtr. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post it.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker. . repairer. - 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
A NICE front office. Just vacated, first floor.
693 Market ~st., next door to Hale's; grand
business location. l :
115— STORE to let. 534 6th St.. near Bryant.
STORE ¦ with larre - basement: below Kearny
- st.; rant $30. Apply 636 Pay st..' room 1.
~~ ~ PERSONALS.
A V SPECIAL RATE.
- M. ELLA J HARRIS.
* To all whom I have mada prices to sine* Jan.
1, 1903, and for the ensuing SO days only. I will
make a liberal reduction from all prices for my
special and Inimitable deep- wrinkle treatment.
The lady who has been on exhibition for some
time past In tbe drugstore windows may be seen
at my office this week from 10 to 5. in order to
accommodate those who have requested to ex-
amine the face more thoroughly in private. '
I teach my profession. M. ELLA HARRIS.
781 O'FarreU at., near Larkln. '
WRINKLES and all facial blemishes removed
by new Parisian method; superfluous hair re-
moved by electrolysis; lessons given In man-
icuring; terms reasonable. MME. H. EAST-
WOOD. r. 702. Alto bldg.. Bush and Kearny.
THE Btar Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves Its growth.stopa falling, cures dandruff |
and itching scalp; no stain or. stickiness;
cleanses scalp ;at drugglsts'.halrdressers*; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1333 Polk
REFINED, worthy lady desires to meet man
' of good character and means,' past 35; ob-
ject matrimony; no agents : references ex-
changed. Address MISS GRACE CARLE-
TON. Davenport. Iowa. ' ¦
VITALITY low. debilitated or exhausted cured
by Dr. Kline's Invigorating Tonic; free U
trial bottle containing 2 weeks' treatment.
Dr. Kline's Institute. 931 Arch St., Phlla-
• delphla. founded 1871. -. .
NOT how cheap but how good is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent, 1021 Market st.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews, 709 Fifth st.. Oakland.
PHYSICIAN, 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.,
corner Butter st. ; fee moderate.
MAN'S best friend — Dr. Mutter's quick cure
for lost manhood: acts immediately; "It does
the business"; sample free. Kralgeo. Chem-
lst Dept. 204, Milwaukee, Wla.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drugs dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
1839 Polk at.; consultation free; call or write.
4-7 — LETTERS received: am well; doing fine;
hope you are the same; sorry about box; will
write anyway. L. AND K.. 4-7.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
CATARRH, asthma and bronchial troubles
cured at home: free treatment for on* week.
Address Empire Medicine Co., 707 Minna st.
LIQUOR habit cured In 2 days or no charges;
guaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure Co., 097 Mar-
ket st.. room 203.
ELEGANT suits on easy Installments: CO cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127
Market St.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday. Sun-
day evgs., Teutonla Hall. Howard . st., nr.
»th; Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
$5 HATS a specialty this week. 818 O'Far-
rell st. ¦.-...,-
PRIVATE millinery: ladies' own material used;
hats remodeled. 509 Turk at., cor. Larkln.
OLD hats made new. 816 O'Farrell st. '
ANDERSON— Elegant theatrical and masquer-
1 ade costumes rented. 26 O'Farrell st.
SUITS to order on Installments, $1 per week.
Neuhaus A Co.. merch. tailors, 727-729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair A moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. A Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market.
THE best place to buy good umbrellas or
have them covered or repaired is 120 Stockton
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60; dress pants $2 50.
¦ Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs.
- country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM*3 Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
Superfluous hair and moles removed with elee-
tric needle. Mrs. A Miss Eaton. 1119 Butter.
PAPERHAXGI.VG. PAIXTIXG. ETC.
ROOMS papered. $3 50 up; tinting, painting.
. Hartmann Patnt Co.. 819 3d St.; teL Main 413
PHYSIC! AXS ASP STTRGEOS S.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
. 1021 H Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1076 % Market st. '
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
-treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at 667 Geary St.. near Leavenworth. :
DR. TONO ' PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal, herb doctor,' cures all diseases of human
- : by use, of herbs and teas. 727. Washington st.
DR. H. C. WONG. 719 Post st. : all diseases
cured by Chinese herbs; consultation free.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dls-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. ? 746-8 Clay st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSE KEEPIX G.
APOLLO apartments. 526 Eddy — New building.
handsomely - furnished 2 and 3 room apart -
. ments; every convenience for housekeeping;
reasonable; within 5 minutes' walk to town.
BIRCH 615 — Three good unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping; $7. Apply 642 Prove st.
CALIFORNIA, 1514 — Three unfurnished rooms
: for light housekeeping. '• ¦ ; . .-.-. ¦ >
ELEVENTH. 106— -2 connecting furnished sun-
ny rooms for housekeeping.
ERIE, 117, . near. Howard and 14th — 2 furnished
: rooms for light housekeeping; gas; bath; $13.
FIRST St., ' 230, near Howard — 4 or . 6 house-
keeping rooms; .business center, rent low..
FOURTEENTH, 726, north of. Market — House-
keeplng rooms; carpets new.
GEARY place, 2. off Geary st., nr. Taylor— 2
¦ sunny , furnished rooms , for ¦ housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE.-.1042 — A parlor floor of, 4
- rooms, furnished ;-. use of piano; conveniences
of entire flat; sunny and pleasant. -. .
GOLDEN GATE : av»., 1404 — Large sunny
rooms for housekeeping. -.
JACKSON,' 1513 — 2 very sunny furnished housa-
keeping rooms; $1S.- :; - ¦ -> '
JESSIE, 359— Front ' room ' and kitchen, com.-
plete housekeeping: $12; gas..
JONES.; 117 — One. -two or three sunny house-
. keeping rooms; reasonable. --".""
MARTHA place, 4. oft Geary St.. near Mason —
, 2 furnished rooms; Sit 50. - .-'
MODEL HOUSE, 1206 Stockton st. — Newly fur-
¦nlshed rooms. $5-$12; bath, gas, phone. . •¦¦•r
POLK. 612— $14 ; bedroom and . kitchen; gas
stove; baths; no children. ¦<. .
POST. 945 (Augustine)— Choice sunny 3 and 4
. room apartments. -." -i ;v • ¦ .-- . - :
VALENCIA,' 822 — 2 sunny, housekeeping rooms;
' complete electric light and gas; $16.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of flee. 2200 FUlmore st.
A, BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
.i subscriptions has been established , at 1096
Valencia' st. .'¦'¦- - .. . . -.- .'»:., .' .
HoasekpK Rooms-— Apn rt m' t • Houses.
EL ' MONTEREY/ the city's' newest 7 apartment
hotel, located on: the north side of Pine St.,
, between , Hyde and Leavenworth ; a , superb
. brick £ building of ¦ Spanish . architecture ; all
' i the comforts. of housekeeping, combined with
• . the i conveniences ¦ of hotel ¦ life ; an excellent
' .grill room in connection: prices very reason -
l -iM«..-';'-' i - ; '".'.v-"''--'i • ¦:¦•¦'¦¦•¦ -.>:.¦¦-:;-.'
THE Frederick, 1 901" Stanyan.' opp.' Park — Furn.
apartments; pri. bath; steam heater; Jaitltor.
* :>~ HORSES jiSTi '- WAGONS.
FOR 'sale— 1 bay. horsed welgnt* 1300 lbs, "and
- ': large * express .wagon . and - stand. , Residence
408 Vicksbur* st.. near s Twenty-fifth.
A LOT of cheap horses, wagons; carts, bug-
- gles - and harness at Fifteenth and ¦ Shotwell
.sts. ; closing out.: - 1140 Folsom st.
HARNESS and raddles, the best for the money.
; afJEPSEN^BROS. CO.. inc., the big store.
1145-1147 Market St., San Francisco. '
MUST sell ; - come and see open rubber tired
back with brake; $300. 1327 Pierce st.
MUST be sold at a sacrifice;. 5 good, horses.
.327 Sixtbat. ;-; ;.;<-..- „= .:.<- ,-;t«v::;;
Al EXPRESS ¦ wagon. ' light '*¦ camping ; wagon
"and gocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission at. ¦
Largest aseortmt 1 2-band wagons, buckb'd, sur-
rey,harness,work.drivlng horses. 15th-Val«ncla
3IISCELLAXEOCS— FOR', SALE.
BOIIjERS, engines. *2d-hand machinery.- McIN-
TO6H A '¦ WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st. "
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?. '
¦ Repair It with elaterlte; in rolls easy to lay;
-.. . seeds : no ¦ painting or. coating ; - good ' over old
Iron tin or shingles; ¦ best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market at.
FOR sale— New 50-ft.' gasoline ': launch i with
i modern 40-horsepower engine and. all extras;
good bU3lness : only cash sale considered. Ad-
dress G. 13., box 620, Sacramento, Cal.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys shafting, . etc.. etc.. ¦ bought, sold,
rented and exchanged ; > eee - Sunday papers.
.. H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-132 BeaU st.
< DOGS — Show your . dog at the great i combina-
. tion show, Mechanics' Pavilion, December 2
to 6; send for premium Hit. N. J. STUART,
Polhemus st, i San Jose. < . . .
CATS— Don't fall to show your cat at the great
show, ¦ Mechanics' Pavilion, ' December S to
B; premium lists now' ready. . MRS.- N.
STUART, 33 Market st.. secretary. -¦-
A— Fine ' suits. $7 50; dress panU, $2 5a Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors.- 238 r Kearny st..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m.; Sunday to noon.
A — $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St.. ' near
Pine; open till 9'p. m. Sunday to noon.'
A— BUYS sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255. Spear st. .
2 72x16 HORIZONTAL • tubular ' boilers, front
and all fittings. TRACY- ENGINEERING
CO.," 151 Fremont" et.. San Francisco. .
TYPEWRITERS.' slightly . used, sold , at cost;
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog
eent free. R. E. Revalk A Co., San Francisco.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 CO pair;
foot-form" shoes at $2 60; we pay express
charges. .'11 3d St., Exam, bid.; catalog, free.
IMPROVED Singer sewing machine . for sal«
cheap. 28 Seventh at., room 9. .
FOR sale— Steam boiler, 42x12. Pioneer Tal-
low Works, Seventeenth and Carolina sts.
SLOT machine (Dewey), nearly new; $45. 1508
Seventh st., Oakland. ¦'•--¦ ¦-.¦¦¦-
FOR SALE — CoITfe dog; 7 months old. Ill
Oak st. - -."¦-;• .; - ¦
A VERY fine diamond heart for $210 at W. 3.
HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth at. ' . - :-'. -.-'
8. 6 AND 10 hp. gasoline engines; 2d-hand; all
sizes; new. E. B. BECK A CO., 122 Market.
NEW and second hand machinery of all kinds.
KROGHMNFO. CO.. 519 Market st. -
SAFES— New and second hand. THE ¦ HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
-bargains. Billiard A Breck. 131 Post st.
, MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY A SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture film and song slides. 109
Montgomery st. - - ¦'.¦ , .'-.».-- " i
SAFES — New and second hand. B. B. BECK
A CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains ;carop stools and chairs ;hammocks.
metal beds, mattresses. J.F. Hotter, 712 Mission.
, Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupl, 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand -typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
-United States or. Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. ' •". ¦•
'--' : MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ~~
WANTED — For "Uncle ¦ Tom's Cabin" show,
• four large dogs, Danes or mastiffs; also don-
: key. Apply Central Theater.
• PAINTING, tinting,: papering and wall paper
' ,- cleaning; work done at right prices. M. H.
.MORRIS. 1214 Geary, at.; phone 2150.
I WILL give 3c ', each for "Call pictures."
JONES. 1514 Park at.-, Alameda. ¦'¦-.. ," T
WANTED— To buy pawn ticket for solitalra
diamond of carat and up. -Box 2964, .Call.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1149 Market st. ; phone Jessie 8741. or postal.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
'. clothing ; send postal. MORRIS, 870 Folsom.
TILTON. wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. -154 9th st. ; tel. Jessie 2851.
A BIG price paid for sealskins; send postal.
25 Stockton St.; phone Bush 484. <r----
MO>EY TO LOAX.;
AAA— HERMaSTm URPH Y. " ."; """ """" ~"
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; ' no - disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, -life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased. . ~ ¦'
' Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You, Need Money
See. HERMAN k MURPHY.
ADVANCES - on ! furniture I and . pianos without
removal; to permanent salaried people on
'.their note without security or knowledge of
employer; lowest rates; no commission. NA-
TIONAL CREDIT CO.. 68 and 69 Donohoe
building. 1170 Market at. , :
STRICTLY -CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
niture. pianos - or to salaried , people on their
note; proper treatment guaranteed. ILLINOIS
TRUST CO.. r. 16, Phelan bid., tel. Main 704.
HIGHLY, respectable private place to obtain
liberal '; advances, on diamonds, « jewelry.- at
lowest rates. '¦ Baldwin ¦ Jewelry-' Store,- 846
Market st.; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned' to salaried people, . retail : mer-
chants, . teamsters, boarding-housefl; without
'-security: easy 'payments;, largest business in
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
A— 1 per cent on furniture or piano: no remov.
al. no commission, no publicity ;$25 up; quick,
' /private, confidential. -' 26 Montgomery, rm. 7.
M.' JACOBSEN 4 CO., room 621, Emma Spreck-
¦ els building .loans money on' real estate and
.all.' other securities; confidential ; - low rates.
' MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE,- 103 Grant ave..
V : ; LOANS " FROM $1 TO $10.000.
MONEY to loan on low : Interest: sold, silver,
• diamonds, pearls and precious stcnes bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth St.
TO salaried people without security: on furni-
ture: Indorsed notes and other security. 8. F.
'? Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building. ;
YOU .'can . borrow more money on your furniture
', than any other place In city; no commission.
612 Parrott. building; ; phone -South 655.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos: strict
. privacy: no commlssion-.lnstallments accepted.
BONELLI.' 301 Eddy. Conservatory building;
OPEN Credit Ass'n. loans on salaries confiden-
tially; new.Bimple plan. Room 50. 819 Market.
MONEY." loaned ' to salaried employes. ';, G. ' W.
. MILLER, room, 74, 6th" floor.* Chronicle bldg.
3% ON furniture A pianos; $15 up; no removal.'
; V. TREMAIN, room 81. 6 Eddy st..; floor 4.
1. PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mu-
tual Savings Bank bldg.. 708 Market st.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per, cent
• mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank., 538 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
v salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual SAv.Bk.bld.
CA SH loaned salaried people on '. notes : without
: Indorser. .-- MORELL. -¦ 609 « Examiner ¦ bldg. ¦ : > ;
RENT a piano for $3 per. month ;.ws allow six
¦ months' rental ¦ of tho ' purchase ' price, if ¦ you
j, .wish to buy; this gives you six months'! trial
, of , the - instrument ; for nothing; : If the - piano
' rented does : not suit we allow = the . renUl ; on
: "any instrument In our stores; with such goods
' as tbe ' McPhail : of • Boston. . the Schiller and
' ' our own > make > to ' select from -we I can . guar-
antee satisfaction to s every ¦ ons ' in quality,
'¦¦ - price '¦' and '; i terms. ; See s the , v Scot t-Curtaz
V'Bllou " the smallest full scale piano in San
Francisco. -^ SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.;
560-62-64 Hayes st. "^ . ' rr ; - \/ . /¦ • ' :
XTNTTU December 1 ' we shall offer i special In-
ducements to cash buyers on all pianos and
'small goods f now in s stock." :- We are ¦ special
; J agenu -i for the celebrated ; Behr Bros. * and
Baumeister ptanos.>; Easy payments for those
, ', who desire, -i Call ; and ¦. see. ;THE ZENO
MAUA r A18 MUSIC CO.;> 760. Market; st. ;
A I FINE lot' of second-hand uprights from ! $50
i ¦-¦; up.- including a such mukes aa . Chtckering.
, Vose s Kroeger. . Curtax, Klrkham. " Peaao,
v < Hard'man. ' Marshall :' A = Wendell, Bans ; and
others. ' BENJ.^ CURTAZ & '•- SON. 16 O'Far :
Q reii | st.V. No ibraaches: In? Ban Francisco.: :.
BAND I instruments: « F. s Besson. \ Paris," maker;
m Ous Malwald.f Agt.» Pac Coast." 278 O'Fajrell ;
repairing; -2d-hand< instruments sold.
aoom to zjst — hotels.
TO BE OPENED IN A FEW DAYB.
A NEW HOTEL.
HOTEL ORIENTA (European plan). 140
Mason st.. bet. Eddy and Ellia. A new brick
building in the heart , of . the city, clone to
principal ; restaurants, theaters and retail
•tores; magnificently furnished rooms, single
and en suite; hot and cold water; baths;
electric lights: steam beat; telephone In
every room, and an all-night elevator service.
First-class Hammam baths In connection.
Kates very reasonable. Secure rooms early.
\ *- — ~__
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Pnfnr».
A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
115 AND 117 EDDT ST.
115 AND 117 EDDT ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP TO DATS HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN; 150 ROOMS; 35 SUITS
WITH PRIVATE BATH; ELECTRIC
LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED THROUOH-
OUT: • TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM;
SUITS WITH BATH $1 50 to $2 50 PER
DAY: SINGLE ROOMS. 75o to $1: HOT
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTH 1041.
A— THE FREMONT. • i ~~^~ r
The most modern hotel in S. T.'. stngi*
and suite, baths attached; electric light and
telephone in every rm. ; steam heated; elec-
tric elevator day and night; 75c to $1 9<>
day; special rates by month. 1864 Markot
¦ st. " Take Halght. Valencia and Castro ears.
" ASHWORTH HOTEL.
• 820 Mason st.. bet. Geary aad O'FarreU. "
Rooms with or without private bath.
New addition iust completed; entire hous?
newly renovated; sun la rooms all day. '
A— BRUNSWICK House, '143 Sixth St.— Room*
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $3 per week aad
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. I
Fifth et.)— Rooms. 25c. 50c, $1. $150 night;
$1 60 to $10 week; house. open all night..
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason — El«««ntly
furnished sunny rooms; pricas reasonable.
ELLIS. 1309. near Scott— Nico, large, furnished
room; gas; $3.
FRANKLIN. 721, near Golden Gate ave.— Two
sunny furnished front rooms: all conven-
iences; private family: reasonable.
GLEN PARK ave.. B. upstairs— Room wlta
closet for working girl; $3.
GLEN PARK ave,, 25— Two furnished rooms
to let. one front, one rear. —
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 50o
to $1 50 night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
HYDE. 810. near Sutter — A large sunny for-
¦ nished room. $10; also small room. $8. -
HYDE. 819 — 2 sunny front rooms; en suite or
single; private family.
JESSIE; 359 — Nicely furnished front room
• for two. $10; others. $7. $6.
LAGUNA and McAllister. St. James flat— Sun-
ny single room.
LARKIN. 804— Sunny single room, suitable for
gentleman; $4 50 per month.
LOVELY sunny furnished rooms to let; gas.
bath; good, wholesome bom* eooklng; Inva-
lids boarded. Addreaa box 2074. Call office.
MARKET. 990. the "La Paloma," next door
Hals's — Nicely furnished rooms from $2 up.
NINTH. 113 — 2 sunny furnished rooms: use of
bath. | ;
OAK. 20 — Furnished sunny front rooms for
man and wife or 3 gentlemen. ' ' -
POST. e22 — Nicely furnished rooms; single,
$2 50 to $4; suites. U 50 to $8.
ROYAL House. 128 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
.reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night. 33c to $1 50; week. $2
to $S: month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
THE COURTLAND. 42 Turk St.; phone How^
ard 2S17; neatly furnished' rooms, en salt*
and single: transient solicited. Mrs. M.
Baird. proprietor.
THE Gtllespie. 119 9th St.— Furnished roomsT
$150-$2 5O wk.; trans.. 60c-$l night; quigt.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy st. near Market—
400 single and family rooms; 35c to $1 night;
$1 75 to $3 week; elevator; electric lights;
reading-room; fre« bus and baggage*
VAN NESS. 619 — Handsome- sunny furnished
suites and single rooms; all conveniences.
VAN NESS ave., 709— Sunny front basement
suite and kitchen; also 2 rear basement ran.
WASHINGTON. 1402— Two nice sunny front
rooms; bath; with or without board: reas.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; TOO rooms:
85c to $1 60 night; $2 to $S week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan A Church sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
st.-.-t - - r - .^-^^- -£££2FKiaRi&~ r n J
VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST.
AMERICAN PLAN.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 70«.
SELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTKU
HOT AND COLD OCEAN WATER.
SPECIAL RATES BY MONTH.
MUNUER A ZEBSRQ. PROPRIETORS. ¦
LOVELY Sunny furnished rooms to let; gas.
bath; good, wholesome home cooking: inva-
lids boarded. Address box 2074. Call office.
STEVENSON mansion. 807 California st. — At-
tractive and sightly rooms; beat table and
service: lowest rates. ¦ .
ROOMS A.ND BOARD WASTED.
A LADY wants fur. room; reas. rent: loeatloa
bet. Market. Folsom. 6th A 3d. Box 2063, Call.
REFINED counle want room, board: prtvat*;
north CFarrtll. east Baker. Box 2080. CalL
SEWI3TG MACHINES AJTD SPPPlHiS.
NEW HOME sewing machine; this week only;
$10,' $15. $20: slightly used; needlts 20c do*.
NEW HOME 8. M. CO.. 1061 Market st.
. STORAGE A.VD WAREHOUSES.
A — EMPORIUM Storage A Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st.. nr. Third; phono Grant 181.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage A Moving Co., of-
flee Post and Powell ata. : tel. Prtve. Ex. S7L
CONKLIN"S Storage — Furniture and merchaa-
dlse. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; wo
Mission St.: tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfnss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 FlUmore at.; phone. Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
st.: tel. Main 1340. Shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SPPPXrES.-
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— W»
•ell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 2C«.
A' FEW good typewriter* at $30 eacb: get par-
ticulars. L. Jfc M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st.
ZD-HAND typewriters sold, rented repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inapec. Co.. 808 Market.
aUPTUUB CTTBED. '
WHO DOES ITT HUNTER. 1206 Market st.
Send for circular. Why will you wffer?
' NAPA. May 10. 1908— Mr. A. Hunter— Dear
Sir: We are much pleased to Inform you that
our baby's crotal rupture Is cured. The holder
held ft in place all right. Our doctor says In
thirty days - the parts have healed . up. » Tha
babv was six ,, weeks old when you fitted th-s
holder. . We are Indeed very grataful to you.
Yours truly. GEORGE GREEN AND WIFE.
.'-, '-', J^ 1 ?- C1AL1S ' 1 * 9 ' •
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat.
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 gutter st.
¦ . SPECIAL : NOTICES. T
THE adjourned annual meeting of the lot .
owners of. the Odd Fellows' Cemetery Asso-
ciation will be held at the office of th« as-
sociation on FRIDAY. November 20. 1003, at
9:80 ». m., for such business as may be
legally brought before It. By order of the
Board of Directors.
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary.
Ladies! Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4o
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladles"
in letter by return mail. Adk your druggist
Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
IZZ - "'.-,.. ' •-*-,-
$23 INVESTMENT made ..$!«»
$30 Investment made v.... .....$2OO
$75 Investment made * ....*3OO
$100 Investment made ...'...... $400
Our dally ."ONE BEST BET" coining
money "Eonlc" 20 ; to ~ 1. '.won yesterday.
parties interested In turf speculation . win
htar o< something decidedly to th«tr advant-
age by calling or addressing E. CLARKE *
CO.. M Geary St.. room Mr San - Francisco.
For" Additional Classified * Adverti**-
. inent* Be«Paff»: Forty-Two.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS:
: . OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE. /f
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE •. COMPANY, I
460-4e2 Eighth St.. Oakland. Cat '
SPEClALBiTHIS WEEK..'
$4000— Modem house of 8 rooms and bath; lot
28x100; almost In the center of business;
3 blocks to 12th st and Broadway; re-
duced for one week; investigate. '
$3500 — Elegant new. home; 6 rooms and bath;
modern in every detail; owner .'must sell;
- only $250 down, < balance as - rent ; •¦ make
offer. ! '.'."¦'. -• :¦'¦¦
$3100— New. modern 2-story .house; lot 87:6x
115; gas, electricity; 2 tolleta and man-
tels; easy payments. ¦•> ¦
$4500 — Magnificent' house 9 rooms and bath;
fine lot. 50x140; modern ' in 6\-ery detail ;
barn, driveway, lawn, chicken-yard; $3000
flat lo«n can remain, t
! $4Co0 — N«w, modern colonial; -8 rooms ; fully
equipped with all recent appliances; lot
52x100; desirable location of Telegraph
ave. and 80th st. \
(£250- 1 -Sp!endld modern home; 8 rooms: sun-
shine all day: artistically finished .and
conveniently arranged; 40 feet east front-
age; Telegraph ave.; close in; owner. leav-
ing; must sell. i -
$2600 — Modern house; 9 rooms and bath; .In
good condition; short walk to 'Broadway
and near local trains: rente $25 and situ-
ation guarantees permanent tenant*.
$2000— Neat cottage; 4 rooms: lot 50x100; ¦9-
foot basement: brick foundation; patent
toilet; : well, city water and barn; situ-
ated on 36th st., near new ferry.
$2200 — Modern cottage; 6 rooms and bath} preU
tlly situated; lot 50x105;. near, car lines;
sacrifice. . . - :
$1500— New, modern cottage; 6 rooms and bath;
$700 cash, balance $11 25 month; . owner
must sell.
$2250 — Pretty modern' oottage: S rooms and
bath; high basement; gam fixtures "and
laundry; could be rented . for. $22 50; 4
blocks from P. O.
Elegant lot, northeast corner: 65x125: situ-
ated on heights; close In; Just off Tele-
graph ave. . ; •
. ' $4250. 'V'^-^r:.^. l :'::l
Buslnees lot; situated ( in heart of business
center; between Broadway '"and Clay et. ;
partly Improved.
$15.00 FOOT. •
Fine lots; SOxlOO; near 30th and Market
stx. ; values rapidly advancing.
ZZZZZ '.'¦'¦
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO., 1
460-462 Eighth St.,
Oakland.
- ./, '
$6600 — BUILT and formerly. -occupied by the
present Governor at a cost of $U000; house
of 10 rooms; dining-room, library, hall and
entrance finished In hard wood; hot air
heaters, modern . plumbing, electric spark
lighting, 5 expensive mantels; beautiful
style of architecture; fine marine view;
corner lot, 7Sxl2S, with rustic stone coping
- and iron fence, cost over $1000; , convenient
to school and cars and business center;
present owner a non-resident and must
sell; no reasonable offer refused; first
come first served. X 8. MYERS or GEO.
W. AUSTIN. ¦ ¦ » ¦
$3250— JUST think of it; 2 cottages,: 6 rooms,
bath, basement, brick foundation, hot and
cold water, gas, street work all complete;
lot 50x150; fruit trees, carriage driveway:
near school, local train, cars and business
center; present income $32 per month;
owner has gone East and his instructions
are to sell; we must sell, we will sell to
the first applicant who will talk cash and
make reasonable offer. J. S. MYERS or
GEO. W. AUSTIN.
$5500, REDUCED from $6500 — Death compels
owner to leave for Los Angeles and he is
"forced to sell: location, Webster St., ' near
10th; only 3 blocks from the business cen-
ter, postofflce and narrow-gattire local;. 7
rooms, bath; only occupied 7 months; open
lawn, colonial . style, nickel plumbing,
plate glass; In fact an. Ideal home; must
be sold; see It and make offer. J. S.
MYERS or GEO. W. AUSTIN. ' ;, r 'f
$2500 COST and is worth $3000— 35th st., near
San Pablo; only 4 brocks from Key route
station: 30 minutes from this bouse to
San Francisco by Key route;, only one-
fare; a modern hay-window cottage of 5
rooms, bath, high basement; lot 30x140;
2-storr barn, gravel drives; in fact, an;
ideal home; terms only $500 cash, balance
mortgage. Seeing is believing:. call early; .
must be eold; no reasonable offer refused. '
J. S. MYERS or GEO. W. AUSTIN. 1002
Broadway. - !
FRANK P. LEE,
..fill BROAD"WAY.
$3250 — Attractive two-story; 7 rooms, alcove,
laundry, etc; strictly modern; new; nev-
er occupied; in growing locality: lot 40x
150; (note size); close to Key Route local.
$2600 — Practically new 7-room colonial: owner
leaving city and must sell; price reduced
from $2850 to-day In order to effect quick
sale, and it will go; you ought to se« it;
near new ferry; on car line; Immediate
possession.
$2150— NW. corner; 50x100: ¦ modern 6-room !
cottage: four sets rolling doors; double
walls; expensive construction: owner non- !
resident; instructs ma to sell; price 'less
than houwcoet; close to new ferry line;
east of Telegraph.
$2500— One of those attractive Swiss colonials;
almost new; 6 lovely rooms, modern ar-
rangement, wax finish, etc.; corner lot;
east front: all street work complete.
$1750 — Modern cottage, 5 rooms, bath - and
basement: lot -27:6x120; on sunny ¦ side
street; near Telegraph ave and new ferry.
$800 — House of 4 rooms; lot 50x123; sunny
side; close to new "Key" and 8. P. locals. I
. . v . ' ¦ ¦ -
$3900 — Nice home place, between " Grove and
Telegraph; within walking . distance of
City Hall; practically new; will rent' for
$38 per month: lot S5xl35.
HOMES. » HOMES. HOMES.
FRANK P. LEE, 911 Broadway.
HOLCOMB. BREED A BANCROFT ¦(Inc.).'
1060 BROADWAY, OAKLAND, dAL.
$9000— One of the most beautiful homes in
Alameda; built by present owner, but will
sell on account of change in business ad-
dress. -»
$4000 — A beau tlful home ¦ located ' on ¦ Webster
St.. a few minutes' walk to local trains;
must be sold to close estate.
$2750— New and modern 7-room house; nickel
plumbing; convenient to locals and car
line; -lot 40x135. - .*-¦.-..
$2750 to $3000—
Have you seen our new homes In Berke-
ley; conveniently located to both locals;
6 and 7 rooms each. DON'T FAIL TO
EEE THESE, . .
$2600— An 8-room house in fine condition ; - on
30- foot lot; with stable frontage of 25 ft,
on- another street; right In town; conve-
nient to schools and trains. - DON'T MISS
THIS.
$900 — A nice Uttls 8-room cottage 'on B0- foot
lot.
New Eanta Fe i tract ;CNo. 2) is now, open.
Call in and get a map.- .:
- HOLCOMB, BREED & BANCROFT ana).
1060 BR6AD WA Y, OAKLAND, CAL.
WM. P. TODD..'..'. ...*."V. 1070 BROADWAY
OAKLAND.- CAL.: ' . ,
$250O- ; -A very neat 6-rootn cottage; . large
sunny rooms; electric ¦ lights;" enamel .sink;
washtubs all In good condition; high basement;
brick foundation; cemfnt walks; large barn;
large lot, . 60x150; , on sunny side af, street;* fine
location; street. work, done;! half block. to cars;
terms can be arranged. '.." ; .' ; ". .... \ "
$3250 eacb— Two pretty bungalow cottages of
6 and 7. rooms; new and modern in. every de-
tail; everything, complete; cement, sidewalks;
fine, r sunny -lots;, half block ¦ to . car; line? easy
terms. 'jf-^fTf^JMrfrt'iTBffiliH'ffliiW "I _ ' I) ' . ' > UituJliftllJ
$3500 — Fine new two-story house of 6 rooms;
modern and up-to-date; open plumbing; enamel,
tubs," etc ; * nice sunny Corner; lot 35x100; • easy
terms; . easy walking, distance .; to town; . coma
and see it before buying a home. • , \
We' have others If these don't suit. • «
WM. P. TODD. 1070 Broadway/Oakland.
$400 — SNAP; " private* rooming and "boarding
house; fine location:, near local .trains^In-
come $185 to $200 per month : cwner .' going
East. - HOLCOMB.; BREED & BANCROFT,
Inc., : 1060 Broadway/ Oakland, Cal. ¦
ABSOLUTELY.: new 6-room ..house, bath." gas
and electricity, i elegant ¦ paneled ¦ dining-room,
' fireplace, buffet, etc; lot 3Sxll6;- In fashion-
able Linda Vista district ; $350 /down, \ only
$25 monthly; $3250;. worth $3500; selling ac-
> count - change of business.' - Call ; or ' address
"Owner.? 410 .Walsworth ave.. Oakland; - *
$50.000— Three-story. ¦: paesaed brick i and . be.se-
¦ /¦ .- ment " building .; In the ivery , center ,i of t Oak-
, land ; lease - for.- five - years . under - guarantee
lease; paying owner 6 per cent' net On $50,000.*
Address . Owner, box , 843,. Call; Of flee, Oakland.
SPECIAL" bafgalns^Two* 1 , fine 'flats, .-rented ; .for
: $50 , per month ; price only. $4700; j good • loca-
¦„ tion; also -a fine 4-room' cottage, with r . bath;
only 11050. P. C. LASSEN A CO.> 466 Tenth
?" st. {Oakland, C«L ¦¦ , ¦-* . ¦ : ¦ ¦ • ¦ ¦ .- . .'.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS;
V OAJCLAjyp)REAlV ESTATE.
'".-''- ¦ ¦ "™. '
; . v .' V:vl=i:. ...
WOODWARD. iWATSON "*"> CO.'. ,
Real Estate A«enU and Dealers, . •
v.^172 {Broadway,*' corner- -Foa'rtMatii it
ALBION-ST.. HOME. . , .'
'-,.-._ . ¦-.-. $4500. -i ' ,;.v -- 1 ¦.--¦•:
¦ ¦- A very pretty home of 7, rooms, bath, cement
basement, and all. modern Improvements:' good
barn; the owner has- left Oakland. and has
reduced th* pric* from $6000 for quick sale. ,-
NEW HOME.
Sp In"i*a; choice neighborhood; 'large lot; -best
side of .street; close, to train and electric cars;
the house contains 8 rooms, bath, laundry, eto. ;
handsomely ."finished; the .parlor and dining-
room are- extra large; Ursa front porch; ; a
bargain. • ¦-••;.¦. -. : '.
¦¦'¦:?•;"' ! TELEGRAPH- AVB. HOME.
$5500. .. -AawS&iniifi
"This is a bargain; lot is 42x113 j the. house
contains 9 rooms. . bath, laundry; - all ; modern
Improvements; heater; attic and basement; the
house is in first-class condition and alone. cost
more, than prica asked. ¦
HOME AND. INCOME.
..$6000. :
~On">ir5rth side of street; dose' to Telegraph
ave.;. largo lot; -there, are two houses, one. of. 8
rooms and one of 7. rooms; all la fin* condition.
FOR EXCHANGE," >-l : v '
. ,-: ¦ $6500. - ¦ '
A very fine home; close to. trains and car
lines; large lot, 100x150; beautiful lawns, flow-
ers, etc; large cottage. 7 rooms, bath, larga
basement; ' furnace; modern. -improvements;
large stable: will exchange the equity for lots
or smaller place; bank loon of $3500; this prop-
erty cost $15,000. / . . -
JUST COMPLETED. '
$4750.
. A' handsome new home, on the high ground
of East Oakland: elegant view; ithe lot is
45x120' the house has; threo bedrooms and
bath above and four rooms below; large base-
ment: reception ball; hardwood floors all down-
stairs: all rooms below finished in oak; every
modern improvement. '
¦ List Your -Property With Us.
WOODWARD. WATSON * CO..
¦ 1172 Broadway, • corner Fourteenth it. \
'. -x >, - i • ' " ¦ ' ' ' "~
8. M. DODGE & BON.
TELEGRAPH-AVE. CORNER.
$5000— Beautiful home; 8 rooms and • bath; 2
years old; 30x100;. $3000 Insurance.
NEAR MARKET-ST. STATION AND CARS.
(3000 Cottage, 7 rooms and bath; barn; lot 51
xl25- house In good order.
SUNNY CORNER. '
t4500 Swell 7-room house; Hawaiian Island
style of architecture: latest Ideas In home
building; double flooring;. 100 feet from
cars: S3000 mortgage. .
9 BLOCKS FROM 14TH AND BROADWAY.
$3000 Cottage. 5 rooms and bath, cove ceilings;
¦ mortgage -$1600; fine Improvements for
$3000: 30x106. '
FORTY-FIRST ST.. NEAR GROVE. ¦
$1600 — Cottage. 6 rooms and -bath; good im-
provements and nice lot; near new ferry,
of course. ~ ¦ - - -
BETWEEN OAKLAND AND BERKELEY.
$9 per foot:- 200 feet frontage by 100 feet
deep; any size or terms.
WILL EXCHANGE FOR SEATTLE PROP-
. ERTY.
160x100: prominent northeast corner, near F.
* - "¦ M. Smith's grounds.
VIEW OF OAKLAND. ALAMEDA AND
BERKELEY.
Finest 50-foot lot; near university cars and lo-
cals; $32 60 per foot.
S. M. DODGE & SON. • :
11U0 Broadway; phone Lake 86.
J. H. MACDONALD A CO.,
" ¦ 1052 Broadway, Corner Eleventh BL
$500 — On Campbell st., near Sixteenth; choice
lot, 25x100 feet- .' . • ,
$650 — On Peralta st.. near Sixteenth; fine lot,
• 25x100; all street work done. .
$1250 — Splendid lot, 60x140; on .Thirty-first st..
right near San' Pablo ave. ;\ street work
complete. ¦
$1300 — Beautiful location for a home; lot 41x
1S2; on Linden st.' -
J2100— Fine lot. 33:flxlOO; on Hobart st. be-
• tween Telegraph and San Pablo aves. ;
suitable for flats. • • • •
$2400 — Extra fine lot on Telegraph ave.,' 47:4x
- 118; worth $65 per foot; reduced to make
quick sale. • .. (
$3000— Fine business corner on San Pablo ave. ;
¦.•.¦?-.98x100; 4 blocks from new ferry.
$800 CASH, $15. monthly;, a new 2-atory house
,'of'S rooms: barn: summer-house; immense
, oaks. laurel .'and: other trees; -a large creek
through the grounds; good well of water; 10
lots,. 1150x115: grand soli and no . better : cli-
mate In California; one can make a good liv-
ing on this place; no winds or fogs and one
of tHe most delightful spots you ever saw;
adjoining East Oakland; price. In all, $2800;
if you can use this property it la one of the
best you can have: call or send for circular,
- 455 Seventh St., opp. Broadway station, Oak-
¦land; carriage-free. H. Z.- JONES, owner.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cento — The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
OAKIiAirD BOOMrBr&-HOTJTBEa^
i ROOMING HOUSES.
$375 — B rooroe, 4 bedrooms; rent $18. -
$550—7 rooms; ¦ new ¦ furniture; rent $35.
|350 — 7 rooms; 3. rooms bring $26: rent $20.
MBO — 13 rooms; Income $65; rent $25. .
$1550 — 23 ¦ rooms; apartment; Income $180;
rent $75.
$1500 — 30 rooms; .Income $45 per week; rent
$37 50 per month;- easy terms. . .
If you are looking for a business of any kind,
see us; we have a 'large list to select from.
MONTGOMERY A TILLEY.
¦--'- -' ' 105 Telegraph ave.,, Oakland. •
J^AKLAXD^HOCSE S TO, LET. j
FOR rent — Modern- 8-room house on 12th ave.,
. East Oakland: near street cars and school;
choice, sunny location; good stable. B. II
WELCH A CO., 5th ave. and 18th St.. Oak-
¦v land. '¦•-.'.' , ¦¦, - * . . ¦ .
COTTAGE— 5 rooms, bath, gas, laundry, yard.
815 Madison St.. . . ...
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALES.
TO-MORROW | the | day for bargains In I f urnl-
ture. H. SchelHiaas. 11th st,.cor.store.Oaklnd.
Mill Valley Advertisemepts.
MILJL j VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
VILLA* sites '¦ ; and' Improved : property; dairy
- ranches;* Cushlng and Stetson tracts. '¦ For
'- Information apply to sole agent for lands T.
1LV&..W. Co.; LOUIS L. JANES, real, estate,
. Hayward bulidlng.~> 438 California st. - - .
-: : " -.'•-•;' MEDICAL. . . "•••-t: ';. ..- :
MEDICAL professlbhr r attentlon— 16- room resl-
•¦•¦ dence, high basement, large outhouse for ser-
vants or patient*, shade trees,- beautiful gar--
den; lot, 67x235: rear" entrance; "located in
warm' belt of Alameda: particularly adapted
. for sanitarium: must be sold: great bargain.
... J.^S. HANLEY, 1310 Park st.
MRS." DR. WYETH; ''specialist -'for all female
- complaints; -Instant . relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience; removed to 828 Post et. ¦
MRS DR." KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
1 male troubles . and Irregularities;: Instant re-
- lief guaranteed. 1008% Market st., opp. Bth.
VALPEAU'S female pills;. beet regulating pills
sold: price -$2 60:by express. .. Pasteur's
: syringe and - tablets ; price $2 50. By express
• oniy on receipt . of ; price. • OSGOOD . BROTH-
ERS f wholesale ¦•' druggists. > Seventh and
>.' Broadway. ¦ Oakland; —
DR G. -W. O'DONNELL— All who are, sick or
¦ in ' trouble . consult 2 this ¦ specialist ' on : female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped;, the -most difficult cases treated;
".•advice free. ¦» Office. ',1018 Market at.'- ¦;-¦>::¦. ¦ ¦
Drs < Goodwin,' 733 Turk, nr. .Van Ness — Expert
. in obstetrics.. female; complaints; lnstii relief;
, treatment $10; hours." 10 to B;:25 yrs.\exper.
MRS: D.' ALLEN/ 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
¦ specialist ; ' a private home before- and during
'. - corifinement; best medical care; low feea.V ,r •
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
S original method of treatment. 1128 Market st.
DR. ROSEN resides 2095 Folsom St.. cor.: 26th;
,'_ ladles,' relief or.no fee; $10. :'-;?.¦'. \f ,,
DR:"NG TOY;KEE. 819 : Powell Rt., opposite
i . : Union square rail diseases cured-hy herbs.'Us
', :"v .:''. .'- '¦ ¦>' MILLINERY^ ,- ':/.; [¦ ¦
LADIES— 200 stylish hats to select ¦ from ; lease
• sold. • must : vacate > February i. 1, 1 1904 ; ¦ save
'.money by calling on MME.:DOSCH. 207 Post.
'; - ;;" palmistry.: ¦ • •;•¦• '- ¦•¦ '_-;
MRS. KIilKE*S Hf« saved by "iSMAR, tho
.;• gypsy."? See page 44.t:i . • , .' .• , :~~ ¦-'.
MME. DEVAS, ' sclenUflc palmist I and astrolo-
'.. gist;* palm- readings* $1:^8 questions' by; ex-
£ ;¦¦ press,' $1 ; open .Tuesday eve, also.' 139 Post ; st
PROF. WALKER, palmlst.medlum.telra j of I love,
¦ ma^^lage,law,buslne8^etc ~ >: 933^Howard,r.V 9.
H. : JEROME - FOSELLI.*: scientific palmUC B15
j.;.Taylor j st;. • near , Geary. , Phone Black ' 661. 5 -y.
A'WEEK'S aim, for . 6 eenta-^-Thft -Weekly' 1 Call. j
'.-¦ 16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing,' $1 per year.
HERKELEV ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE..
ON TO BEAUTIFUL BERKELEY.
Have you tried the "Key" route, running be-
tween Ban Francisco and my office? Only 36
minutes between the two points. Don't be a
back number. Keep up, with the times. Come
and let me ebow you that 2-story> 7-room bouse
and bath, hot and cold water, gas and electric
lights, everything modern; either - cash or In-
stallments.
Do you want to make 250 per ¦ eent oa your
investment? It has been done In Berkeley and
through this office, and here is another chance,
I have 210 feet of fine, level land, with a splen-
did vlew t which 1 can sell for $3 per front foot.
This is an investment worthy of your consider-
ation. -
"Come where my love lies dreaming" of that
well built 6-roora house and bath; very con-
veniently situated aud only $2400.
$10.000— A gentleman's home near the new
Country Club grounds.
Fine bouse of 16 rooms, large stables, etc ;
SVi acres of land: worth seeing. • •
JOSEPH J. MASON. Real Estate, .
Cor. Ehattuck ave. and Center St.. Berkeley.
ALL GOOD BUYS. :
$800— Four-room house; chicken yard; fine
well; street sewered; largs lot; handy, to
cars; In gcod condition.
$1300 — Five-room bouse; almost new; modern
plumbing; high basement; street work
complete; bendy to cars.
$2200 — Five-room house; new; up to date; nice
location; street work -complete;- close ¦ to
cars: email cash payment; balanoe easy
terms. .
$2600— Handsome, modern 7-room house; tine
location; street work complete; 'lot 60x
140: can be sold on terms.
$2S0O — New 6-room house; Mreet work com-
plete; fine location; close to car*; $200
cash and 525 per month buys this place.
$2500 — Two flats, 10 rooms in all; every con-
venience; 2 chimneys; street work com-
plete; lot 40x120; close to cars; fruit
trees, etc.
$250 cash, balance $20 per month. Come and
se« our list of residences and business
lots. -,
W. C. MORAN. Lorin "station.
Or C. C. EMSLIK, Ashby station.
BARGAIN— 6-room house, bath, pantry, i city
water, stationary tubs; stable: large lot; good
location; 1 block to electric cars; 3 blocks to
R. R. station, stores, school and church:
price $2100; terms, $100 cash, balance $28
monthly.
O. A. RUDOLPH,
Open Sundays. Lorin 6tation.
A BEAUTY: new 5-room cottage, large hall,
bath, pantry, folding doors, pretty mantel,
gas and electric lights, fixtures, shades, city
water, latest plumbing, stationary tubs;
street work all done; only 1 block to R. R.
etatlcn and electric cars; price $2250; terms,
$150 cash, balance S20 monthly.-
O. A. RUDOLPH, -; ;*-
Open Sundays. Lorin Station.
OFFICE OF W. J. MORTIMER & CO.
You can make more sure money by Invest-
ing in Berkeley real estate than you can by
loaning out your capital. We offer a few
good Investments.
Business property; lot 7Bx90, on Shattuck
ave.. riefct at Berry man station; a splendid
place fcr a livery stable, coal and wood yard.
grocery or butcher shop; price greatly below
value; only $25 a foot; a big snap.
W. J. MORTIMER A CO.. 2123 Center st.
BERKELEY proper business property; 40 feet
front; 2-story bulldinz; a good renter; $18.-
000; and we have others.
W. J. MORTIMER A CO.. 2123 Center st.
Successors to May A Mortimer.
ALL eyes on Berkeley — Past rapid growth will
be doubled by clean and rapid service of new
ferry; buy at once: special bargains:
$600—50x135; Improved street; convenient to
Ashby station.
$700— 8(5x170; only 6 blocks from Ashby sta-
tion.
$2600— Modern 2-story house. 6 rooms, bath,
hall, tinted walls; Improved street; $250 cash.
$3500 — Elegant, elaborately finished colonial
house, S rooms and bath; a gem; line neigh-
borhood; $500, balance like rent.
H. D. IRWIN. Lorin Station.
$2750 — NEW, modern 5-r. cottage: lot 40x135;
one block from North Berkeley station.
$6000 — 3.S4 acres oo Claremont ave.; choice lo-
cation for Cne home. '*- 11 -: ,
$1200— One acre: near new Santa Fe depot;
Addlson st.
$1500—104 feet on Grove st.. near Parker; this
price for limited time; three factory sites
on railroad. West Berkeley, for sale.
Larre Itst of houi«es and lots for sale.
CHENY A BURY. P. O. block. Berkeley.
i LAWTON £ ALBEE..real estate, have for sale
Berkeley homes, residence and business lots
at lowest prices: choice Investment property,
paying 6 per cent to 10 per cent net: refer to
either back in Berkeley. 2139 Center St.
A HOME in Berkeley: new and. up to date;
location the very 'best: small cash payrnent.
remainder Installments less than rent. S. F.
and 8. Home-building Society,- 708 Market
et.. San Francisco. ¦ • » . '
$200 CASH, balance like rent, buys new 8-room
house in Berkeley: near ferry line and cars.
See owner. 1216 Haskell St.. near San Pablo.
FRDITYALEADYERTISEMENTS
Fit PIT VALE H.EAL ESTATE.
H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station ;
$900 — xew cottage of 3 large rooms; hard fin-
ished pantry, closets, etc.; lot 40x135, all
fenced; one block from electric care.
$1450— New modern cottage of 4 large rooms
and bath, hall, etc; 7-foot basement; ata-'
tlonary tube; good cement foundation; lot
3$xl25; convenient to local trains.
$1650 — Bay-window cottage of 5 rooms, fine
mantel, bath. large ball. 7-foot basement;
only 2 blocks from Frultvale station; this
is a bank foreclosure sale and a snap.
$1600 — New cottage of 4 rooms and bath, with
all modern Improvements; 7-foot base-
ment; brick foundation: also nice stable;
lot 50x175. all fenced and sewered; In the
most beautiful and handy location.
$1500— Fine ccttage of 4 large rooms,' bath,
ball, high basement: lot 37:6x135; street
work all done; 3 blocks from local station;
$100 cash, balance same as rent.
$2300— Beautiful dwelling of 6 rooms and bath;
fine mantel; 7-foot basement, etc; stable,
fruit trees; lot 70x135; choice location;
half block from Frattvale ave.
$1275— Good 5-room cottage and bath, hot and
cold water; gcod well and city water;
large lot; $75 down, balance $18 per
month; 4 blocks from local train.
$1350 — Fine cottage of l'.tur rooms, bath, high
basement, brick foundation; lot 35x120;
half block from electnc cars; fine location.
H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station?
H. BARKMEYER. 1200 FRUITVALE AVE..
, FRUITVALE.-
$S00 — Cottage of 2 large rooms; hard finished;
lot 100x150; 2 blocks from car line;
terms if desired. (Fltchburg.)
$1200 — Cottage of 4 rooms, closets and pantry;
large 2-story barn; good well and pump;
lot 100x230; 1 block from car line; terms.
$1500 — Cottage of 4 rooms and bath, high base-
ment; on macadamized street; near
schools, and 4 blocks from Fruitvale sta-
tion; terms, $250 cash, balance same as
rent
$1600 — A bargain: 2-story building. '5 rooms and
bath upstairs; store and rooms in rear
downstairs; situated on Fruttvale ave.,
half block from Fruitvale station- $100
cash, balance $18 per month.
$1000 — Splendid cottage of 6 rooms and bath*
Urge .reception hall; all modern; high
basement; concrete foundation; large 'lot ¦
one block from Frultvale station; small
payment down, balance Just like rent.
$1600— CotUge of 2 large rooms; 1^ acres of
rich soil In bearing orchard; near school
and car line.
For particulars apply to H. BARKMEYER
half block from- Fruttvaie station; tel. Brook
638. ¦
FRUITVALE home*— 6-room cottage, near lo-
• cal, larre lot. $4f>0 cash, price $1800; 5-room
new cottage. 3 blocks to local. $2250: % acre
at Elmhurst, with ?• room uo-to-date house,
large stable, driveway. ¦ flowers. 50 bearing
trees, electric lights . throughout, a pretty
place, must be sold, orice only $2300.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT CO.. Frultvale.
ELMHURST— New cottage 3 rooms and bath;
2 minutes*' walk to postofflce and cars; large
lot; price $800. Call, 56 Erie st., Ean Fran.
- elsco. .*¦-'¦ '
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BB0ADWAY..
O AKLAX D REAL' ESTATE.
$3000 — COTTAGE of 6 rooms. . bath,. high base-
ment; plain but comfortable, lot 50x100
feet.; near sunny side of the street; with-
in 5 minutes" walk of the City Hall; I best
- location in town ' for: flats ; plenty of room
alongside of the present ¦: house . for con-
struction of another; • the ! cottage now i on
the property. can be. easily; converted Into
fiats; this property being central is stead-
ily Increasing In value; mortgage foreclos-
ure sale; must be sold at once. ;. - .
$1600— House of 6 rooms; downtown, between
Brueh and Market sts.; in good condition:
a plain, comfortable home; - must - be I sold
at once. . GEORGE . W. AUSTIN, 1<K«
PCAL ESTATE Country— For Sale.
~— — .
• $45 PER acre — 40 acres cf well improved land
on the Cherokee lant road. 8% miles from
Acamrx'. San JoaquJn County.
For sale, f2OGO: 20 acres of young vineyard.
2 rears old; Sacramento County; close to school
and railroad. '
*400. J200 down — 10-acr^ tract of choice vine-
yard land In the Wr.itaker & Ray colony; close
to school and in good neighborhood.
For eale, reasonable — A few improved dairy
ranches, ranging from 40 to 160 acre*.
JflO.COO— *w-acre stock ranch, well fenced
.»n<i watered: Sacramento County.
For eale. cheap — Blacksmith business In coun-
try town; good trade.
For sale — Unimproved chicken ranches, from
$200 to $5<10.
C. QL'IGGLE. care Whitaker & Ray Co.,
• T23 Market St., 9 to 10 a. m., 4 to n p. in.
Or Address box 15, Gait. Cal.
(23.940 ] ¦ _-_
CLEAR PROFIT.
10 mile* mm Fjurtaiento -City. Cal.,
v« have 2«M5<) acres of land that can
be <l!M(3ed and "old in 40-acre tracts
for $20 an acre; $j320 will pay
all th* 1 expenses of advertising.
Now we can sell you this land for
f -.« an B.cre. but it must be
eoid by January 1, Vtot. to satisfy
a mort*a«*. Now If you have the ~
cash and want something good
come and se* it at once.
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. 603 J. Sacramento.
AT « pacrtfipe; must be 'sold; 20, acre* in Ala-
meda County. IS acres In 6-vear-old vineyard,
choice wine grapes: some fruits; all In high
fitaie of <-ultivaticn; comfortable house and
outbuildings; owing to recent death of owner
the widew will sell for $3300, Including per-
sonal property. U. H. CRaNE. BOS Call-
fore ia st.
FAXTA CLARA COUNTY HOMEs!
20 acres adjoining town: best land, barn and
fpnees; $3000. 10 acres, all in prune*, apricots
and peaches: good buildings; complete; (4500.
Other places & to 600 acres.
PETERSON REALTY CO.. 1035 Market st.
$15,000—170 1-3 ACRES cne mile eouth of
Yountville. Napa County: vineyard, hay and
grain farm; feO acres under cultivation, bal-
ance fine forest; 7 springs and running
stream. • Sale by GEORGE F. VOLZ. 762
Fulton St.. Citj-.
FOR farm*, orchard and vineyard lands, stock
ranches and timber lands, call on or address,
for catalogue, ROTHERMEL A CO., 607
CaitfOTta ft
ALFALFA lands, stock: ranche*. orchards.
vineyards; inspected bargains: monthiy cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648
Market st. .
ALFALFA our specialty ; best alfalfa land at
$20 oer acre; ditch and artesian water. P.
H. JORDAN CO.. 116 Montgomery st.
T<-» >ivf — ro acres ne«r Oakland: dairy or vege-
tables. 117tS Ea« Frirtenth St.. near Twen-
ty-third ave., Oakland.
BUY a cheap hem*; send stamp fcr list; chick-
en ranches, alfalfa Ftock, fruit and general
farms. W. J. WHITE. 26 Montgomery at.
Bag MATEO HEAL ESTATE.
SAN MATEO BAN MATEO
THE FINEST SUBURBAN RESIDENCE
DISTRICT NEAR SAN FRANCISCO.
We have a choice list ef excellent residence
properties villa 6ites and acreage. Don't fail
to fcee us before buying. Investigate San
Mateo Park. The Ideal property of them all.
Tjnte of about one acre. each. Easy terms.
Bound to be most valuable. See our local agent.
Frank P. Grummra. San Mateo office open
£undars.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Poet St.
BPECIAL— 230 ACRES— CHOICE LAND.
. . ¦.— to city of San Msteo. Oak trees, run-
ning water. Can be had at $175 per acre.
Fold to close an estate. Can be subdivided
lr.:o S-arre tracts and so'.d at a splendid profit.
Particulars of FRANK S. GRUMMON. agent
at Saa Mateo. or BALDWIN A HOWELL.
;:. Post St.
SAN MATEO. BURLINGAME.
Best suburban homes cear Ean Francisco; no
ferry; electric railroad now running; lots and
recllencefc for tale; we can sell good lots as
low as $500 each: we will be glad to show
then; we also have some acreage land near by
as lew as $]00 to S200 per acre.
MCAFEE BROTHERS,
106 Mcutgornery el-, fan Francisco. Resi-
dent agent. S- G. GOODHCB, Western Union
Telegraph Mdr.. Fan Mateo. ¦
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEUA IlKAL ESTATE.
EEE FOR YOXTRSELF AND BE CONVINCED
WE ARE OFFERING BARGAINB.
$2400 — Buys a beautiful 5-room oottage. 8-foot
basement: all modern improvements; lot
60x150; choice locality.
$2009 — Buys a beautiful ft-room colonial hoxn*;
a rra.- ; close to trains and schools.
Better than paying rent. An easy *n— "f of ob-
taining a home.
$3000— Elegant cottage: Ean Ar.tosto. large !ct;
to close eetate.
$3500— -Choice 7-room colonial home; a snap. .
$4250— Buys an S-room modem horns; 2 years
built; sacrifice.
Atanseda property never locked as promising as
at present.
Purchase a home now. Eeeure a bargain.
Call aad see ocr $1900. $2500 and $3000 homes.
Lots for sal* la all parts ef AT«Trw^ t ,
Easy terms. Easy terms. Easy terms.
ALA MET* A LAND COMPANY,
1500 Park St.. ai^tw^^
-Houses built, rented and exchanged. *
Take broad gang*.
BARGAINS. ~
$1250 — Five-room sew cottage; lot 26x100; near
Bay station.
$1150— Five-room 1%-story boose; lot 2Cxl00;
very cheap.
$1S5O — Five-room cottage; fruit, garden; lot
€7x150; £n* location.
32100 — Five-room new oottage; lot 40x118; two
blocks from station.
$3800 — Tea-room modern cottage; fine grounds;
lot 45x150.
$4R00 — Nine-room 2-«tory house; lot 74x150;
stable and windmill.
FOR EXCHANGE.
llodfni 7-rocra house.
Apply A. R. DENKE. 1400 Webster St., Ala-
•meda.
$3000 — MODERN cottage: term* to salt; be-
tween broad and narrow gauge: half block
from street car line; 1 block from school; lot
50x150; 8-Jmmer-houne, rockery; this prop-
erty c*.n be rented at any time for $25 per
month, but as it is for sale and on terms to
rait purchaser, it is a buy that should be In-
vestigated by any one desiring an elegant
hcrrs».
W. K. CONGER A CO.. lfiQl Park St.
NEW, modern S-room house; fine location; $800
down, balance easy terms; must be sold at
once.
Nice 4-room house, near Chestnut-st. sta-
tion; $1400: «asy payments.
GEO. L. LEWIS. 1601 Park st.
FOR sale — Business property in Oakland: good
investment; 8 per cent net on money Invest-
ed; also In Alameda a brand new 6-room
house; up to date. CHAS. ADAMS A CO..
Bay Station, Alameda; phone Paru 1811.
HOUSE FOR SALE. '
A rood house of 11 rooms, with all modern
«w.ver,lenees; lot SOxISO; between Grand and
'•hefttnut ets, stations; price $4000. J. s.
IIANLEY. 1S10 Park st.. real estate.
JJEHKELEr ADVERTISEMENTS
BKRKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ALLEN 4. ELLIS' SPECIALS.
$1400— NVitt 4-room cottage; lot 40x135; near
cart; e«fy terms.
$165O— » rofvms: nearly new; corner lot, 45x135;
near cam; «a«r terms.
f2C7^ — N^w; « rooms; nice location; near uni-
versity. - ,
$2750— Pretty 5-room cottage; large lot; nice
location; cear university.
$.»00— 7 room*; new and nice; convenient to
university. ¦ • •¦•
$3S00— T>ar.dr 7-roo-n house; choice location;
eart of Telegraph s 1 1_ if IW"*LJg ' J* II MJL-
$*2SO— Good 10-room bouse; in fine location;
east of Ehattuck ave.; snap.' ' -
$5000—10 rooms; modern; basement; good as
'.. new: central: close in; floe for roomers. .
A LLEN A ELLIS. 2129 Center 1.' Berkeley.
FOR mJ« — Choice properties. Improved or un-
improved, for rt-Ele>nce or Dusloen, in : all
parts of town. Call or write for particulars.
FRANCIS FERRIER. Real E*iate, -•-
2121 Phattuck ave., opp. BERKELEY sta.
FOUR blocks of ground in Berkeley. : Cal.. > tor
t2O,**>O; this in the amount of Indebtedness
on (he property; a good investment aad 1b a
oection of growing values.- Inquire of W.~ N. 1
RUSSELL. 901 California St.. San Francisco,
Cal. ¦ ••:„..*¦.* —THE SAN FBANCISCOX CAU^ SUNDAY, : ; NOYEMBER 15, 1903^
42
HELP •WANTED—MALE — Contl~-«<»
OPEN TO-DAY.'
.- - SUNDAY 8 TO 12 A. M.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
Phone Main 5S4S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
11)02 we gave 1903 W^'U five
45,000 men work. ¦ OO.OOO men work.
OREGON. ARIZONA. jiEVADA.
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe «y**ann; nee
pass -•¦*..-,:-
ON EVERY TRAIN.
Section hands, muckers.' drillers, extra gangs,
teamsters, ¦ hammersmen
STABLES, FARMS, ORCHARDS. DAIRIES.
Farm and orchard hands $30. $35. $40 found;
mflkers. $30 _o $50 and found.
Stablemen, city, country jobs. $20 to $60.
365 woodchoppers.
2S7 tUmakers.
COOKS. WAITERS. PORTERS.
Cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps, mines and
ranches, city and country $30 to $70 and
lound; waiters, city and country. $25 to $45
- and found; butchers, different Jobs, $40 to *>0
and found, s .
• : _ . LOCATED EVERYWHERE.
Laborers and teamsters, many In San Fran-
cisco, $2. $2 25.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
coal. oreoon! free fare.
Miners. Oregon. $3 to $3 a day
MURRAY & READY, (S34-6S6 Clay st"
old Mexico! free fare.
Carriage trimmer, boss here, good wages.
MURRAY A READY. 634-630 Clay st
COUNTRY/ HOTELS.
Man and wife, man as waiter, wife as fh«~»-
bermald. $50 and found.
2 coat makers; 16 coopers; track foreman.
Mr. Appleton, carpenter, please report.
. ,- MURRAY & READY. 634-C30 Clay st. /
MIDDLE-AGED man. grocery clerk, country.
$30 and found; short order cook, country. $13
week and found, south; carpenter, lobbing
work. $3 to $J 50 day; milker. $35; 12 cab-
inetmakers, country, $3 to $3 50 day; gang
edgerman, lumber company, $65 and found;
plasterer. $5 day, free fare both ways.
MURRAY fc READY. 634-636 CTay st
AT "E. A B." R. R. Labor Agency,
633 Commsr— at »t
Free Fare — Free Fare.
60 tunnel men. $2 50 to $3 day.
60 muckers and drillers. $2 to $2 60 a day.
100 laborers. $2 a day.
Long Job; eight months' work.
Free fare — Ryndon. Nevada.
"E. & B." B, R. LABOR AGENCY.
638 Commercial st
BRUSHMAKERS wanted; also boy. 1603 Mis-
sion Bt. near Twelfth.
SMART, active boy for large retail drapery es-
tabllshment. Box 2055. Call office.
TINSMITHS wanted. Apply 17 Drum— t st
YOUNG man with some experience at harness
or carriage trimming business. 718 Folsom.
GOVERNMENT positions— More- . than 13.000
appointments last year: chances even better
now; examinations In every State: thousands
prepared by Nat't Corres. Inst. Washington.
. D. C, the originators of this work, are now
• In the service. Write for circular J-l, show-
Ing positions, , salaries, examinations, sample
questions, etc.. to our Pacific Coast Office.
927 Market st, San Francisco. Cal.
SHORTHAND in 30 days; Boyd's Syllabic: no
ruled lines; no shading; nothing to confuse;
only 9 characters; easily ready; study. by
mall; circulars, testimonials and first les-
son, covering one-fourth the course for two
2-eent stamps. Chicago Correspondence
Schools. Incorporated. 62 National Life
building. Chicago. 111.
UNCLE SAM wants help; 14.000 appointment*
last year: fre« examination paper and 'cat-
alog giving positions and salaries. Dept Q.
Western Correspondence - University, San
Francisco. *.• -
BOYS to learn trade, aged from 13 to 19 years:
must have references. Apoly SHROVE A
CO., factor office corner Market and Fre-
mont sts.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
¦ $1 50 per pair, foot- form shoes at $2 50. or
orthopedic shoes. $3 50; best shoes on earth. 11
Third st. Exam. bldg.. 5 doors from Market
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON.
477. and 47S Parrott building. %
AN. experienced man to plow orchard and grub
out trees; watres $30 and board. Address
P. O. box 164. San Rafael. Cal. . --
WE pay $32 a week and expenses to men to sell
poultry compound. Imperial Mfg. Co., D 54,
Parsons, Kans. . .
WANTED — Coat maker for the city; steady
work. DETMER WOOLEN CO.
BARBER shop, 2 chairs; must sell at once;
three living rooms; bargain. 1318 Laguna.
$50— PAYING barber shop; rent $7. paid ta
Nov. 23. Apply 304 Predta ave., nr Folsom.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 60 pair; feet-form shoes at $2 60; we pay
express or mall charges. 11 3d st. trim, bid.
WANTED — For U. S. Marine Corp*, able-
bodied unmarried men. between 21 and 35:
good character; must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-
war. In all parts of the world, on land in our
Island possessions, and at naval stations In
the United States. Apply at reoruttlng of-
fice. * 40 Ellis st. San Francisco. CaL. aad
, 401 K st. Sacramento, CaJ.* . , ¦
WANTED — Active advertising and Insurance
solicitors on new proposition; sells on Its own
merit; exclusive territory to good agents;
good compensation. Call from 9 to 10 a. m_.
suite 19. Columbian bldg.. 91S Market st
WANTED — Boys from 16 to 13 years; height
5 feet 4 Inches and over, to Join a social mili-
tary rifle corps; regulation uniform and drill.
Apply S. 8ZANIK. 473 Valencia st. any
evening between 6 and 8 o'clock. "•
WANTED — Active, educated men of business)
ability -who wish to earn $40 par weak or
more; call 1 to 5 or write 561 Parrott build-
in jr. DODD. MEAD A CO.. San FraneUeo.
MAN of good standing and wide acquaintance
can secure a good position with, an Bastam
company: must have connections and be a
• good solicitor. P. O. box 2694. /
MEN wanted to learn the barber trade In two
months and secure good positions; catalogue
mailed free. MOLER System College. 633
Clay st : - - ¦ .-
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
. that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has -
added 100 new rooms to the Denver . House.
217 Third st. ; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night. ¦
STRONG school boy to carry momlac paper;
south Market st; no Sunday work. Room 8. .
1508 Market st - ' .
BARBER shop; a snap: sonny living roams:
rent $15; owner quitting business. 1541
Geary st , ' ''
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis st; 14
years' practice; references from thousands ot '
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
BARBER trade taught in 6 weeks! Address) •
-W. C B.. 047 Commercial st .¦
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed.
8. F. Barber School. 741A Ro— _rd it .. .
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. roota 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas PoatO.A.R.
McDONALD A 'PERRY have a large stock of
new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 239 3d st
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms, 35c night; readtns room*;
free "bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
* Call Branch office-, cor. Duncan A Church ata.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
. received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Can adverttsemes— "and :
subscriptions has been established at 10M
Valencia st
ALL sizes man's shoe* slightly damaged, hall
price. 563 Mission st. bet 1st and ad sto.
GET yoor snoes half soled white waiting: 25e
to oOc.N 563 Mission st..- bet 1st and 2d stsu
_ HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED Hat of houses to 1st; aand for cir-
cular. G. H. UMB3.EN — CO.. 14 Montgomery.
.A— HOUSES and fiats to let; an lxnmeasi tot;
service absolutely free; taks advantage of •
this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
st.; on the square.
I TO LEASE — A 5 «0-room apartment-house on* :
! block from Van Ness ave. ; will be compl*"M
February. 1904; rent $5 75 per room; for par-
! tlculars apply A. J. RICH & CO., 113 Moot-
j , gomery.st . __ • _____ *
.TO LEASE — Handsome new ¦ lodging-house tn
I heart of town; contains 160 rooms and 6O
{ baths; rent ?7 per room. For particulars ap-
• „: ply A. J. RICH & CO.. 112 Montgomery st.
PACIFIC AVE.. 1642. near Van Ness ave.—
House of 8 rooms and bath: rent $25: will
renovate tn suit tenant VON RHEIN R. E.
CO.. 513 California St..
FELL,- 605..' near - Buchanan — Sunny > house, ; «
rooms, bath, yard, basement
' HOUSE. 1305 Waller st: 0 rooms, bath, aad
t - blUlard-rcom; modern: rent $50/ -
8 ROOMS and yard. 517 Clipper st. near
./•Twenty-fourth and Castro. - - .. '
'BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
'. to let* BALDWIN & HOWgLL.' 23 post st "
; . HOUSES TO : LET— FURBISHED.
BEAUTIFULLY furnished house. » rooms and I
' • bath: nlano:. near Bush and Webstar- r«nt
$«i5. - -- For further particulars U aooRr^V^L
V SURRYHNE. 138 , Montgomery st. • ,
-Conttnned.r
MME.'' MARSEAU ' 'clairvoyant ! -"card reader";
; ladles. ; 2Gc; : gents. ; 60c..* 645 Minna 1 st /. -..'::•
OLDEST lad- palmist and card reader in ; city.
26 V4 Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c ; gents 50c.
MME. LAMAR," wonderful palmist ; card , read-
;¦::. er ; 25c, ¦ 60c. 520 Jones st. ; , hours 1-0 P. ' m.'
MRS. SHAFER clairvoyant card reader; slt-
tings dally.- 448^4 Jessie st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
"^' - ¦; DENTISTS. _!„„____.
DR. '> (TRUS^sr^54^-u"c^naghan"bldg.. Market
and. McAllister sts... us.es, the Baeford Obtun-
der, the only device" ever invented for grlnd-
- Ing. drilling . and excavating teeth ; absolutely
without ; pain. :. For < demonstration f and proof
call at. offlco. . •'; ". ¦ . - . "' ,- ' ¦
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market." nr.Eleventh
— No charge for :¦ extracting , when plates are
made;; old plates; made, over like, 'new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
A NEW! plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
; warranted 20 yrs; ( crown.* $3 50; fillings. ' 60c;
plate*. X5; full set; a;i work painless and war-
; ranted.r Chicago Dental .Parlors.. 24 Sixth st
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth $1 50 up: crowns $2 up; fillings, 25c.
GOLD ;filllngs.i75c: silver. 35e; crowns. $2; no
pain: open Sunday. Dr. O.B.HewlU.204 Sutter.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDowell dressmaking^ TT^?-^..'"^
" AND MILLINERY -SCHOOL.
Thorough Instruction In ': all branches. Our
pupils hold first-clans positions. •' Imported
patterns.- Evening class.- . .r
' .':--•-.,¦¦ 101» -Market at. above Sixth.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
' art's button A buttonhole factory.llO Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure ;eve.cisss. 1010 Mrkt'
EDUCATIONAL. . - , '
HE ALD' S BUSINESS COLLEGE. .24 POST. 8.
F.— Bookkeeping," shorthand. ; touch typing,
languages/telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school- of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk st,
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
AYREB, the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket st; special summer course In all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
shlp, $50; day and evening sessions. " .:. <
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkin st.
"A thorough ' school" ; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; individual in-
structlon. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum,*' an accredited preparatory " school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref.,, President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening * sessions. Phelan | bldg.
THE PAUL GERSON School of Acting, the
foremost Institution of the kind in the entire
West; 12 teachers; send. for catalogue. Native
Sons' bldg.. 414 Mason st.
A — SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236
. Market st— Practical, . progressive, , reliable;
day and evening sessions; write for catalogue.
DANCJNG Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday, Sun-
day . evgs.. Teutonia Hall, Howard st, nr.
; 9th. Prof. Foster: ; society dancing taught.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mln.. mech., sur-
; vey, assay,. cyanide; day. ev. ; eet 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
EEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity. 21 Post
j St.; S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment -.- Special catalogue f re e.
"KINGSLAND' art colors" are the best for
painting wood,' leather and photos. OLIVIA
KINGSLAND. . .
A MUSICIAN teaches piano and stnslni? thor-
oughly in 6 months; $3 mo. Box 2053. Call.
CARLOS ; N. KELLER'S School for Singing
and Piano. 3C1 Geary st, near Powell.
PHYSICAL culture class for gents enly; |5
month. Box 20C0, Call. .
GOLDEN Gate Com'I College, 530 Golden Gate
.ave.;- full , business course; day and evening.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION . . . . . . Day and
PARTINGTON'S,'42J Pine et Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.' $5 mo. 1024 Mlssion.nr. 6th.
x Y FINANCIAL.
UNLISTED SECURITIES.
We BUY, BELL and EXCHANGE STOCK
CERTIFICATED of all- the advertised
MINING, OIL end INDUSTRIAL companies.
Send us your bids or offers on anything; we
can fill your order* and save you from 10 to
.80 per cent on almost any Investment Write
for our price ¦ list, ;< free ; : It will ¦ Interest you.
. At the present time, among Innumerable bar- ,
gains, wa offer: '• .- , ff . »
• 600 Lightner Gold ..$4 75
. *45OO Aurora Con. Gold. ................ 23
•3750 Union Con Oil ;.......; '18
•1200 Gwln Mines Con...... 8 25
•7500 Mt Jefferson Gold 64
• 600 Express Gold......:... 12
•1500 Viznaga. Gold.... . U
500 Alaska Central Railway ..Make bid
- 1000 Tonopah Fortune *. .....Make bid
500 Golconda ..Make bid
1500 Rio Tlnto Copper. .:..... . . . . . Make bid
3500 Gray Eagle Con.... 84
•Excellent dividend payers.
And we will buy all Western Stocks.
WATT & COWPBRTHWAITE,:
~ Bankers and Brokers.
>'¦"'"¦.;:-"¦-*¦-•¦*-*¦" ••-. " • --¦¦"-• Stockton, Cal.
¦¦.-*¦:- FLATS TO LET.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service "absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
. trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
: st, on tha square. ' % - ; ;¦ -j '/'¦•-
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses are
listed in our renting department; let us give
you a list and help you find one In the loca- <
tlon you want STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY. 1039 Market st. ; services abso- :
lutely free. . -- - '1 ,' \ ¦ '¦-•-
GOUGH," 2519. near Vallejo — Lower, sunny flat J
of 0- rooms and > bath; rent reduced to $25.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO.. 513 Call-'
-. fornia gt. "N7" - ¦ ;.'' ",v" ; ' " V : " . r ~r . . -. —
A BEAUTIFUL sunny flat of 10 rooms (two
floors),. bath and laundry;, desirable location.
' .719 Hyde.- SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.
BRYANT." 321, corner — 2 flats of 5 rooms and
1 bath; $11 and $14. Apply flat C. on premises.
CLAYTON, ,; 537, near Halght— Two swell new
. 7-room sunny flats: rent reasonable. ..--.¦'¦
ECUS, 824 and 826 — Sunny 3 and 5 room flats;
¦'.'• elegant appointments: $35: for physicians, etc
LEAVEN WORTH, 115— Sunny, flat 6 - rooms
.: and bath.' ¦ ~ J * *' ¦'' . '• ¦'
POST. 2G34— Elegant new. sunny, upper flat
' -- - 7 rooms and bath ; $30. ' . ¦ - --^_
i FLATS : TO "f LET—PCRSISIIED.
SUNNY 3-room flat, complete for housekeeping;
- gas, gas range, porcelain bath; adults; $25.
332 Hayes Bt. v
SUTTER, 2130 — Completely furnished upper
flat, 8 rooms, bath; sunny exposure: piano.
FLATS FOR t SALE— FURNISHED.'
. NEWLY (' furnished I flat, 6 rooms ; ¦ cheap rent,
¦: $22 50/ 315 Gough st. ' ,'-; : ' ¦;¦ : •¦.-.-¦'•"¦
.... .-..". '.,.;¦; FLATS :i.WAHTED.y; : : - .-,...
COUPLE * wishes ' sunny ' furnished flat ; 5 ' rooms
¦north of Market st; -Box 2049, Call office. .'-.
" FPRyiTURB FOn ;_8ALB, :
CARPETS 'of 7 .rooms," all \ new; $100 If '¦ sold
to-day. -151 'Page st. -¦ r- - -'
"A J FURNITURE WANTED.
¦ A: > WOLLPERT. 773 Mission! phone Red 4401
;- . buys,- rents, repairs. ' packs furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST, price 1 for furniture and md»e. L. H.
BURD.' auctioneer. 1818 Mkt ;tel. Howard 275«.
A— WRINKLES removed; fine complexion guar-
r anteed. new method ; 50c. v M.' LUTON, ' manl-
'¦ curing parlors.' 764 Larkin st: phon* Polk IT. '
+?&, help|wajtted^-fem\le;* :
WANTED^Z r cooks. : $35, '"; no 1 washing; ; 4 cooks.*
H German style, 1 ? $30-$35 ; 1 cook,; small boardlng-
; ; house '•• $30 ; 5 housework. $30; ; 2 parlor, maids,
$.10; 4 second - girls. ? $20- $25; - 3 j nurseglrls,
.*¦ ~ $20,i $25,'» $30; »' laundress.? $30; a 3 1 waiters ? for
"- commercial; hotels, V- country. -- $25; ---kitchen
" . help , In T home.i $25/, country, • fare paid ;• laun-
— dress,-*? small J orphanaec, 1 ! $20; -; chambermaid
V. and '.. waiting, ; $20-$22 50; : laundress,"; 3 ; days ¦ a
•week,t$lt50 a'.day;; 3< waitresses for cafe, $8
"week •"« day ¦ off. ; -' and ¦ othnr ¦ places " too many ' to
advertise.** Call s Monday, . J. , F. ; CROSETT j &
*'CO.. 334 Sutter sfg-v ">,¦-.;"- - ; -> .'..- ";. * -.- .* ' - .
BUTTONHOLE makers and finishers on custom
•-.;; coats.'x 27% ; Fourth 1 st.;* room 3. . - 7 ; . ;¦ :
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RTV-
¦ , • ETERS; i NO : EXPERIENCE J NECESSARY;
VPAID SALARY. LEVI. STRAUSS & CO.'S
« FACTORIES, 32% FREMONT ST.' AND 1873
' MISSION, 'NEAR i FIFTEENTH.
SIX I thoroughly competent \ paper • box girls for
. . Seattle; >i must do all classes of < fine jewelry
'.and candy:box/work.1E.:G. i TONI,'7 Pine st;
..;¦ ¦ bet. ¦ 0 aDdlin:a;im^i :^-.v;-.;. .¦/,.-, ¦.•':'¦¦„ '¦ -:".¦',-
TWO refined* educated ] young 1 women * for, clerlr'
y-i cal t duties ' and % to •¦ assist ¦ In f charity work ;
SSj hours ' 9 to • 6; i shorter* hours i after J Christmas ;
¦'salary $50 per month. Box 2968, Call office...
CHURCH gEKVTCgS.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason ste. — Rev. George C Adams, D.D.,
¦ pastor, will preach at both services. At 11
! a. in., topic "Tbe Second Coming of Christ"
, .; At 7:45 p. m.. topic, "God Is Love." All are
f . cordially Invited. .
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church, Poet st,
•i near Webster.— Rev. I. C Meserve, D.D..
;" pastor. -Morning worship at 11; sermon
".topic. "Justice." Evening worship at 7:45:
topic. "What to X>o With Cain." the third
>.a<Jdre*e In the series on "Civic and Social
¦- Righteousness." These addresses will lnter-
* est all who care to view the civic, religious
I ana soc'al conditions of our own times.
THIRD C«ngxe' rat1on8j - Kfteentb et, near
Ulsslcn — Rev. William Rader. pastor. 11 a.
¦¦m.. "Tbe Sightless Soul"; 7:30 p. m ... "Jonah
•" — First Gentile Missionary." second in series
on "Sermons From the Seers."
FIRST I'resbyterian Church. Van Ness ave.
and Sacramento st. — Rev. William Kirk
¦ Guthrie, pastor. Services at 11 a, m. and
' 7:30 p. m. The pastor will preach at both
services. Sabbath -school at 12:30 p. m.
- Christian Endeavor Societies at 3:15 p. m.
' and 6:15 p. m. Wednesday. 8 p. m.. mid-
week service. All are cordially Invited.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Jack-
. i*on and Fillmo— ¦ sts. — Rev. John Hemphill,
D.D.. pastor. Morning service at 11 o'clock.
«venlng service at 7:30 o'clock. Rev. Hugh
-. W. Gilchrist, D.D.. will preach at both «er-
-¦ vices. Sabbath -school at 9:30 a. ra., orches-
3ttsi music Christian Endeavor meeting at
! <5-J5O p. m. Prayer meeting Wednesday even-
*4ng at 8 o'clock. AH are cordially Invited.
WESTMINSTER Presbyterian Church, corner
Webster and Page sts. (Halght Hayes and
FUlmore-et. cars convenient) — Sermon at 11
1 a. m. and 7:45 p. o. by Rev. J. T. Wills.
I D.D. Morning topic "ChrisUan Transflgura-
i'tlon": evening, "The Ineffaceable Record."
Christian Endeavor. 6:30 p. m. Prayer meet-
¦ ing Wednesday evening. AH invited and wel-
,' corned. •
tnciTAHIAN Church (First). BW. corner ot
Geary and Franklin sts. — Rev. Bradford
Leavltt minister. Rev. Bradford Leavitt
; and Charles A. Mcrdock. superintendents of
Sunday-school. Junior church and Sunday-
school are at 10 o'clock. Mr. Horace Davis
will address the Junior church. The morning
'.service is at 11 o'clock. Rev. Bradford
Leavltt wlU preach. Music by quartet un-
" t der direction of H. Bretbertck. organist Par-
.ents may leave children In the kindergarten
room during service. All are cordially In-
<ed. There is no evening service.
UNITARIAN Church (Sf-eond). corner of
Twentieth and Capp sts. — (Take Mission or
Valencia st. car.) The Rev. Jay William
Hudson, minister, residence 600 Capp st
Tbe Sunday-school meets at 9:45 o'clock, Mr.
\V. C. Maxwell superintendent At the
morning service at 11 o'clock the Rev. Jay
William Hudson will preach. Subject "Old-
Fashioned Hoses." Music by orchestra and
choir, under the direction of Mr. Jabish
Clement. All the seats are free. No evening
.service.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner of Hayes and Buchanan sts.—
Rev. John Stephen?, pastor, will preach' at 11
a. m. on "Absolute Surrender." and at 7:30
p. m. en "The Strength of a Young Man."
Music by large choir, I. E. Blake director.
-Sunday-school at 12:30 p. m., C. B. Perkins
superintendent Epworth League at 6:80 p.
m.. Dr. R. O. Moody president
CENTRAL M. E. Church — The pastor. Dr.
Qeorge W. White, will soeak at both morn-
ing and evening services. The Sunday-school.
Rolla V. Watt superintendent- meets at
,12:45. The Christian Endeavor meeting Is
ft 6:13. A sacred concert is given from 7:30
to 8. Everybody welcome. Seats free.
FIRST Baptist Church, Eddy st, near Jones
— Rev. H. C. Mable. D. D., secrt-tary/-*mert-
can Baptist Missionary Union, Boston. Mass.,
win preach at 11 a. m. Bible school, 12:30
p. m. Lesson topic, "David's Trust in God.".
Christian Endeavor meeting. 6:30 p. m. 7:30
p. m.. sermon by Rev. Thomas Baldwin, !).
D. Prayer meeting Wednesday, 7:45 p. m.
All seats free.
FIRST Church of Christ Scientist Central
block 223 Butter et, bet Kearuy and Grant
ave. — Christian Science nen rice at 11 a. m.
Subject of lesson-eermon« "Soul and Body."
Sunday-school for children at the same hour;
Wednesday evening meeting at £ o'clock;
free reading room. 206 Kearny st, rooms
6O9r510; ail are welcome.
A GRAND union mass meeting for men it-ill
be held at the Young Men's Christian Asso-
ciation Auditorium, Mason and Ellis sts.,
this (Sunday) afternoon at 3 o'clock. The
closing service of Rev. W. H. Williams, the
drummer evangelist. All seats will be free
to men. Orchestra music. Miss Edith Rich-
ardson of Cleveland. Ohio, will sing.
THE People's Clmrch meets every Sunday
•vecing, 8 o'clock. In Elks' Hall, 225 Sutter
st You are cordially Invited. This evenirg
questions will ba answered. Pastor. Mrs.
Anna L. Gillesple.
THE Theosophical Society, Colonel H. S. Ol-
cott president-founder — Public lecture at 6
p. m. in Golden Gate- Hall. Sutter st, by C
W. Leadbeater of London. Subject "T*e
Growth of the Soul." Stereoptlcon views.
Admission 25c »
EPECIAL Bible addresses at tha hall 17 City
Hall square, near Market st. Sunday. Tues-
day and Wednesday evenings at 7:45. Mr
William McCand!e» from the East will
speak. All welcome. Seats free.
MEETINGS— SUXDAY.
W. J. COLVILLE \ "
Lectures in Theosophical Hall, Flood build-
ing, SOU Market st. San Francisco. 3 p. ra.,
in Lortng Hall, 631 Eleventh «t, Oakland,
7:30 p. m.; subject "The Twentieth Century
Paul on His Way to the Modern Damascus."
Class instruction In same hall, San' Francisco.
Tues., Thurs.. Sat, at 3 and 8 p. ra. ; col-
lections at door. -
DR. J. DEPEW KERGAN*S free lecture this
evening. Crystal 1 Hall. Pythian Castle. 909
Market st : subject. "Educating tbe Spine."
followed by views of a tour of Spain; free
tickets will be distributed for X-ray exhibi-
tion at Sanitarium. Tuesday evening; remem-
ber the question box; epecial music.
BENEFIT seance for Mrs. S. E. Cook, by Ed-
ward Earl, to defray funeral expenses. 1052
EUls st; admission 25c; to-night at 8 o'clock.
KATIE HEUSSMANN'S lecture tests to-night,
free; 909 Market et. ; circle Friday eve., 25c
1000 Harrison et.; sittings daily; tel. Mint 997
MME. SEELEY'B flower test; spirit costume;
spiritual healing; come, sick and afflicted:
ad. 10c Friendship Hall. I. O. O. F. bldg.
A~MUSICAL seance given by MME. STARR
this evening. 8 o'clock, under spirit power
from books): admission 25c
RECOVERED — Mmt. Young, convincing te«t
circle to-night 10c; readings dally. 619 Mc-
Allister st
A — MRS. SEAL, spiritual business medium ;llfe
reader; dev. circle Wed. eve. 1424 Market.
MRS.. STODDARD gives tests where others
fail entirely; 10c; Sun..Tu«sa. ; sltgs. 278 9th.
W. G. KEEGAN holds a test seanc« every night
except Saturday. 10c; tit. 10 to 5. 148 6th st
MRS. C. 3. MEYER. 335 McAUteter. returned;
meetings every night; tests. 10c; read, dally.
TESTS, front hall. 909 Market 2-8: Mrs. Plt-
roff. Dr. Cowan. Mr. Wilson. Davis; 10c.
EARLE'S seance to-nljrht; wonderful and con-
'- vincln- tests. 10C2 Ellis st; 25c
_J SUJfPAY LECTURES. 'O_
O. N. ORLOW. lecture this, Sunday, evening.
In Golden Gate Hall (upper). C29 Sutter at-.
At 8 o'clock on a topic most Interesting,
•Telepathy: Its Origin and Uses."
Good re — ilc and vocal solos. Admission free.
DR. McIVOR-TTNDALL to-night Stelnway
Hall, 223 Sutter st: subject "Elements or
Success." Demonstrations in thought trans-
ference. clairvoyance, psychometry follow.
PROGRESSIVE Spiritualists] Odd Fellows'
building, <th and Market sts.; Mrs. R. s
Lime, speaker; music Miss Alice Severance.
"NOW" lecture: Henry Harrison Brown. "LJv-
lng for To-Day." Odd Fellows' bldg.. 8 p.m.
DR. PAYNE'S hypnotic entertainment. Golden
Gate HalL C25 Sutter St.; 10c and 25a. • — -
MEETING XOTICES. ~^
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. _
M.. will assemble at 11 o'clock THISW
tBUNDAY) MORNING for the purpose
of conducting the funeral services
over the remains of our dece&Hed Brother
ALBERT JOHNSON. Master Masons Invit-
ed. By order of the Master.
. WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
ALTA Lodge No. 205. L O. O. F.
— Initiation MONDAY, November _4$dB_*£?t
16. Important changes in by-^>gS3§sSS
laws. All members requested to **SmBF*
attend. aMammMmmevdBUtQam
ALFRED VOLIGNY. Noble Grand.
_ B. F. LEDFORD, Recording Secre t&ry.
GOLDEN GATE Harbor No. 40 „. ¦ ¦ - ,
A. A. M. and P. of S. V.— r?0»,.__
Kp^lel meetinc SUNDAY. _fiXQ_|ft_^
November 15. at Pythian 8jL~__|H~"
Ca*tie, MO Market et, at 2 felfa**'
p. m. All members of thelr^
Aftcociatlon are cordially invited to be pres-
ent Tbe Worthy Grand Captain. J. C. 6IL-
VA, will be present '
, .'. . P. Jf. STOFEN, Captain.
J. T. JONES. Captain's Clerk.
THE California ' Debris Commission. ' having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic pro-
cess . from . United Gold ¦ and - Copper Company
in Spring Valley hydraulic gold mine; near
Cherokee Bntte County, Cal., draining into
Spring Valley Creek, which reaches Feather
River, rives notice that. meeting. will be held
it room &€. Flood building. San Francisco,
Cat.. -November 30. 1903, .at "1:30 p. in.
BUSI-ESS CHAKCES-^onU-raga^^
$600— GROCERY* business: good location: • fix-
tures ' complete; wlU Invoice stock; low, rent.
MONTGOMERY ft TILLBY. 105 Telegraph
ave. ,, Oakland. . headquarters . for business
chances. -.. .
• $1600— Restaurant clearing" $100 per month;
everything ; first-class; selling on account of
sickness; will consider an offer. MONTGOM-
ERY ft TILLEY.- 105 Telegraph ave.. Oak-
land. , _ - . , - .- '-. :
A— MERCHANTS. ATTENTION. . .
Do you wish to enlarge your business, or do
you desire additional capital? If so, we can
, furnjsh you with an active or silent partner
who will Invest ¦ from $100 to $50,000; . we
have a large number of desirable applicants-
on our books seeking good business openings.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
' Suit 321. Emma Spreckels bldg.
A REGULAR INCOME GUARANTEED.
5 to 7 oer cent weekly on accounts of S25
and upward has been paid by us every Tues-
day of 1903. We are but in the infancy of-
our career and yet we lead the country in our
line of business. Positively no mining, oil.
etock. or betting system, but a plain, straight
business proposition.' commendable for any
man or woman possessing a. small amount of
Idle capital. Principal returned on demand. [
Hundreds of professional and business men :
throughout the country have Invested with
us. Why not you? Unquestionable banking
and subscribers' references, together with our
handsome free booklet furnished upon re-
quest JOHN R. PEARSON ft CO.. Incor-
porated, Shotwell Building, 66th st and
Washington ave., Chicago. 111.
RAISE squabs for market. It pays big money,
either on large or small outlay. Pigeons are
easy to manare and hardy In any climate.
Returns are immediate, as squabs are mar-
keted when 1 month old. Demand exceeds sup-
ply. Space required Is but small, and 2 men
can do the work for 7500 pairs of > pigeons,
which give a net Income of $1000 a month.
Get our free booklet, which tells all about
them and gives the history of a squab plant
. which, from a very small beginning. , has be-
come a great business. . If considering what
business to enter, investigate this Industry,
which rives better returns for time and
money Invested than any other. MILFORD
PIGEONRY CO.. 671 Washington st, Boston.
STRANGERS. ATTENTION!
Are you looking for a safe and profitable buet-
* ¦ ness opening In San Francisco? If so, we can
offer you any number requiring an investment
from $100 to $50,000; every business opportu-
nity that passes through our office must stand
the closest Investigation, and we : can place
you In a store factory, hotel, mill, office, or.
In fact, any business you may prefer; kindly
call and investigate. >
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO.,
Suit 321. Emma Spreckels Building."
A PROMINENT percentage bookmaklng ' firm
proposes making one of the largest books on
the California racetracks during the corning
winter. The public is Invited to take stock
in our book. Amounts received - in sums of
$25 and upward. Statements and settlements
made weekly. We positively • do not take
any chances, as this book will be conducted
strictly upon* a percentage basis, the only
system of bookmaking that is certain of suc-
cess and has stood the test of years. Can usa
subscription of $2000 more. v,Call or write for
particulars, THE HERMIS CLUB, rooms 3
and 4. 930 Market et.
THE enormous profits -xade In the manufacture
of sugar is not generally understood and
appreciated: let us send you a little book
showing how a few dollars each month can ba
invested in a safe, conservative, straightfor-
ward business enterprise which will pay enor-
mous dividends In a comparatively rhort
time. No oil well, race horse, gold mine or
gambling s-.-hrme; best bank reference; send
for pamphlet It will pay you to know more
about ~ it Continental Sugar Refining Co.,
St. Louis, Mo. ¦
FREE. FREE. FREE.
REMIT AFTER PROFITS ARE REALIZED.
Those accepting our special offer In the next
thirty days , will positively not be required ¦ to
! remit us until profits have been earned. We
I are an established corporation with $100,000
1 capital. National bank references.
I STAR AND CRESCENT CO..
! , 226 La Salle St., Chicago.
FOR SALE—
Furniture, carpets and good will of a new
brick apartment house of 175 rooms in the
city's swellest locality; partly furnished, and
although Just opened, Is over half filled with
regular tenants already; long lease. If you
want an apartment house, don't fail to get
particulars of this -at rooms 1404 and 1405,
Call building.
"I TRUST* YOU."
A $20 Investment has averaged over $200
a month. No manrtns. Not more than $20
required. Can handle your own money.
Something out of the ordinary. No charges
until profits are realized, then I trust to your
honor to remit small percentage. -Write me.
M. 8. HOWARD. 180 Monroe st, Chicago.
A SAFE INVESTMENT. ¦•-¦:• "
$100 cash and services secures half-Interest In
established installment house; Investment se-
cured and $50 weekly assured. ¦ •
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO.. ~
821 Emma Spreckels • Building.
Restaurant for sale which sold 4 months ago
for $600; because of the non-union Ideas of
the owner will now be offered for quick sale
at $175.Padflc Business Assn., 1148 Market st.
CORPORATION controlllmt business estab.
1865 desires energetic business man with un-
questionable refs. as to ability and Integrity
to manage branch office; compensation $2500
annum. -Ad."Audltors,"box 536, Madison. Wis.
$1000 CASH, balance same ae rent, for corner
grocery and bar; lets than stock and fix-
tures; running 9 years; with 2-story cottage.
6 rooms and bath; let 25x100; Twenty-first
and Douglass sts.. ¦ , ' '
FOR sale — A' good' grocery business: centrally
located. Fcr further particulars apply to J.
J. SCHUTZ, care HAAS BROTHERS, San
Francisco. , v v •
WANTED — A partner with $3000 to $5000 to
go into an old established Jewelry and mu-
elcal business, located in the best business
. . section of the city, paying 5o per cent profit.
Box 29C2. Call. ¦
RESTAURANT for sale which, sold 4 months
ago for $GO0; because of the non-union ideas
of the owner "will now be offered for quick
rale at (175. Pacific Business Assn., 1148
Market st. r - .;. . ::.¦¦,,.. ..
BAKERY for sale, complete plant; horses and
wagon; good paying and old established busi-
ness: solendid opportunity. Apply to D. A.
CURTIN, room 24. third floor Mills bldg. .
WANTED— Reliable, energetic • party 1 with
$1500 to manage moving picture circuit; rare
chance.- Novelty Theater, Oakland. -. i
GROCERY and bar with fixtures and living
rooms furnished; reasonable: no agents. 1401
Devlaadero st. cor. O'Farrell.
j WANTED — Party to Invest In exclusive patent
right for Pacific Coast. Address Patent box
3432. Call. -
HORSESHOEING, carriage making business
for sale; owner leaving city; bargain. Fell
and Couch sts.
PARTNER wanted with capital for building
business; % Interest. Address box 2940. Call.
DELICATESSEN . liquor store; good location,
for sale; reas.; no agents. Box 3426. Call.:.
• ;^ .¦ BIRDS. DOGS. ETC. \
WARBLING canaries, talking parrots; all
.kinds of song and fancy birds; goldfish, seed
cages, etc. Give us a trial ; we will please
you. 1546 Market »t. - . *,* : -
THOROUGHBRED cocker spaniel pups for
sale. 297 A Shipley st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
HEADQUARTERS FOR LODGING-HOUSES.
C. E. HINKLEY. Phone Mint 796.
1020 Market st, opp. Ffith -
Former patrons by best references.
- Country correspondence promptly answered.
Part cash, balance monthly payments.
CARRIAGE TO SHOW HOUSES.
PARTLY furnished 10 rooms, piano 'Included •
rent - only $28; amazingly low price. . $225.
C. E. HINKLEY. 1020 Market st. oppl Fifth.
BUPERB apartment-house. ' 60 rooms; modern*
luxuriously furnished: choice location; swell-
est house of the size In the city.' Exclusively
wlth/'C. -E.' HINKLEY. 1020 Market. St.,
I *>PP (Fifth.
MODERN, \125 rooms; 2 blocks from » Market
st. ; 10 years' lease; , light sunny and cheerful
'" rooms; reasonable rent: I country. I transient;
easy terms; carpets and - furniture best' qual-
ity ; for a good Investment' see " this. . "¦. C. ¦ E.'
HINKLEY, 1020 Market st.;: opp. Fifth, j,
SEE this. 14 ; rooms: • rent $65: velvet carpets;,
" oak -furniture: • choice location: large yard;
easy terms. . See HINKLEY, 1020 Market st
EXQUISITE furnishings; •- 185 rooms; ' grand
apartment-houpr;; low rent; long lease; clears
$700 to $800; only $5000 cash, balance 6 per
;cent Only « with; HINKLEY. ,1020 Market.
STEADY i roomer*: ¦ 17 rooms: clears $60; rent
only. $45; price $750. - HINKLEY, 1020 Mar-
... : ket st-.. i V.- .;-- ."¦ ;.-,¦..-;- ¦'-. -.¦•¦¦¦ " ¦•.¦•¦,.-.". ¦-¦':
MONEY-MAKER; . 00 rooms; transient; 2 en-
. trances; liquor • license; oak ' and > manle fur-
niture ; • a ¦»¦ gift - at $2750. / HINKLEY, 1020
-'¦ Market'st-v '....;¦;.-:,_.; ¦-¦¦¦'-¦.. -.- :! :¦,-.¦;¦;
BARGAIN : - 19 rooms: - must '¦ sell: rent i $50;
. yours , at ¦ $BSO. . , HINKLEY. 1020 ¦ Market st.
WOUKINGMEN'S house; :• sunny * corner: ' 18
v -' rooms ; . clears $50; i rent only $38 ; price $750;
, easy terms. C. E. HINKLEY. : 1020 Market
,; St.,; opp. -Fifth." v .>;'¦',;¦--; ..--.¦ " ¦;. ¦v;-V':\'.v.s
. PROFITABLE . : upartment-house; ¦ ' 42 ' .. rooms*
lease; reasonable; rent; -Post st; : price $3000.
HINKLEY. 1020: Market ' st. " : .= : .-«> ...... ¦¦..;'.
HAVE i you ; come ~ furniture? ' 12 > rooms; partly
,- furnished ; sunny corner;- rent $40; clears $33-
a pick-up . at * $500. ' C. -. E. HINKLEY. * 1020"
:, Market et. opp. : Fifth. ...
TO BUY. SELL OR EXCHANGE . ..... ••- --,-¦--
¦ -v - : -' a ':--¦ - ¦'¦ ¦-¦¦-SEE:,.; .,; i',:- ¦ ¦ ..- - ., •: V~
HINKLEY/ 1020 Market st, opp. i Fifth.
MEETIXO NOTICES— Continued^
TO the recular funeral detail of the 77
Riggers' and Stevedores' Union, Lo- M&
caJ No. 222 of the I. L. M. and T. JtSSS
ASSN". tx-slnnlng with OEORflB -to_
BUNN. Ledcer No. 107, up to and >»%«?
including JOHN BENNETT, Ledger gSSBF,
No 132: Yoa are hereby notified -
to be at our hall, C03 Front st. TO-DAY
(Sunday), Nov. 15. at 1 p. m. sharp, for tbe
purpose of attending tha funeral of our de-
ceased brother. FRED W. RTDER. By or-
der of THOMAS F. BRYANT. President
HENRY JEXP. Rec. Sec
OLYMPIC Club Bondholders — Holders of bonds
are requested to assemble In the red room
of the Olympic Club on Wednesday evening,
the 25th l»03 at 8 o'clock.
WILLIAM GREER HARRISON. Pres.
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting— The annual meet-
Ing of The Union Ice Company will be held
at the office of the company, 224 Pine st,
San Francisco, on WEDNESDAY, November
18. 1903. at 3:15 p. m.. for the purpose of
electing a board of directors to serve for the
ensuing year and for the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
Ing. C. K. MELROSE. Secretary.
November 4. .1903.
AGESTS WASTED.
THE best sellers on the market are the beau-
tiful reproductions of rare works of art otter-
ed by Standard Picture Co.. Including "Ufe
of Christ" and "Lord's Prayer" (lllus. ), ."The
Last Supper," "Christ Blessing Little. Chil-
dren," "Family Records. "Memorials,"
"Animals" and many others; size 16x22; eln-
gle copies 25c; agents, terms. Address Stand-
. ard Picture Co.. Station C. 8^. F., Cal.
AGENTS— $50 a week guaranteed: Automatic
washers sail themselves; agent - writes," "Ex-
hibited sample to 10 women, took 10 orders": ;
time, 45 minutes; profit over $50; guaranteed
to do a washing In 80 minutes; furnishes its
own power; requires no labor; costs less than
any other machine; free sample and exclusive
territory furnished. Automatic Washer Co.,
Station U. Chicago.
WANTED— Agents to sell a splendid article to
housekeepers; they all want It; one agent
made $100 In ten days In October; only re-
liable and Industrious agents need apply;
new article and ready seller; big commis-
sions. Address Jubilee Iron Co., Omaha,
Nebr.. 1508. ___;
BEGIN business for yourself; stop working for
others; we start you In profitable mall order
business at home; pleasant work; Immense
profit*; unlimited possibilities; full Informa-
tion for stamp. Franklin- Ho ward Co., Den-
ver, Colo. -
BEGIN business for yourself; we start you in
profitable mall-order business at your home;
pleasant work; Immense profits; unlimited
possibilities; full Information for stamp.
FRANKLIN-HOWARD CO.. Denver. Colo.
AGENTS wanted — $25 weekly for 20 weeks: the
best proposition offered agents who want
money and are willing to work for it George
F. Cram. 552 Wabash ave., Chicago. 111.
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that Is
a decided Improvement on building and loan
is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company. Parrott bldg.
AGENTS — Make $5 a day: . sell photos from
Paris life: sample: 12c stamps. W; GAS-
TON, Bureau 14. Paris. France. »
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.
w . h. BITTNER,
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Phone South 743.
Euit 322, Emma Sprockets building.
Divorces quietly and legally obtained ! for
eight causes; damages secured for Injuries to
person or estate; reslcvlna for property, un-
lawfully detained; attachments and garnish-
ments for lebts; bonds furnished; bankruptcy
proceedings; wills probated; estates settled;
collections made In all Darts of the U. S.
ADVICE FREE.
OLD ESTABLISHED
COLUMBIAN LAW & COLLECTION AGENCY
Able attorneys. Rm. 85. 916 Market, opposite I
Emporium. Bad tenants ejected speedily and j
reasonably. Collections, no matter how small. |
attended to; attachments; bonds furnished; cor-
porations organized; civil and criminal practice.
Tel. John 6226. Open evenings by appointment
We solicit an Interview with you.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fee.
See me and save money; no pay in advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Ee'abllFhed 22 yre.; rms. 1. 2. 3. 4 ft 6. '.st fl.
1122 Market st, between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free, all matters. Detectives employed.
AA — THE Legal Advisory, Inc.; reliable attor-
neys; practice in all courts; attachments, di-
vorce, estates, bankruptcy, probate. 611.
611A. 511B Crossley bldg.. N. E. cor. New
Montgomery and Mission sts.; tel. John 2926.
ROBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
room 611; all case*, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc.. consultation
free; no advance charges; call or writ*;
evenings by appointment Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost In meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
cases; no fees in advance; open every even-
ing. J. M. THURSTON; 819 Market at. r. 31.
ADVICE free — I will advance costs In all cases
of merit; no advance charges, no fee. unless
successful. E. J. BANKS, Examiner build-
ing, third floor.
DIVORCE — Costs. #12; quick, quiet; advice
free; open evenings. 927 Market st. r. 301.
DIVORCE costs $12; quick and -quiet; open
evenings. Examiner building, room 315.
L. 6. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar.
ket st; consultation free; no fees In advance.
DIVORCE costs $12; open evenings; tenants
ejected. $5. 016 Market r. 62; phone Black 651
N. TEMPLE, atty-at-law. 93 Chronicle bldg.;
commissioner for oaths, England and Ireland.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful; all
law business. W. W. Davidson. 927 Market.
BUSiyESS CH AXCES.
R. G. WILKE. Real Estate and Business
Agent (established 14 years). 26£ Kearny
st, rooms 9 and 10.
A $1600 coffee saloon and restaurant - on
the water front close to Market et. ; dally
receipts about $65; business clearing $300 per
month; trial given; a splendid offer; Investi-
gate at once. See R. G. WILKE. 28 Vi
Kearny st -. . . .
A — $3500; HOTEL and barroom with 30 rooms.
In Point Richmond; rent $100; rooms always
occupied by employes of railroad and Stand-
ard Oil Company; board bill guaranteed by
companies; owner never clears less than $300
per month. Call R. G. WILKE, 26 H Kear-
ny st
A— $900; SALOON on water front, with 8 fur-
nished rooms; 3- iron bedsteads in each
room; 2% years' lease; rent $35; rooms alone
pay $70 per month and saloon doing a good
buelnefs. gee R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny.
A— $400; CIGAR stand, close to Market st ;
stock will invoice the price; daily receipts
$15; rent (30. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H
Kearny «t. '
A— CIGAR stand close to Market and Ellis
sts.; good will: $700 stock at invoice; rare
chance; be>t business location. Call R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st 1 . :
A— $1050; STATIONERY and school supply
. store on Geary st ; this store Is kept by pres-
ent owrer IS years and will stand closest
inveftlgation. Call R. G. WILKE, 26H
Kearny st , "
A— $350; EMPLOYMENT office.- dotes; a good
business; must be sold at once on account
of sickness in owner's family.- Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st : y
A— $4000; ELEGANT and first-class saloon
dos« to Market st; net rent $126; <. H years'
lease. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26 H
Kearny at
A — $350; CIGAR stand on Third st, close to
Call building; a good paying stand. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $2650; CORNER grocery and bar with 10
years' lease: rent $60: on leading business
street south of Market; place established
years. Particulars R. G. WEL.KE, 26%
Kearny st. ¦-•¦¦'...--.: - ¦ .^
A— $1800; HALF Interest In one ¦ of the best
- corner saloons on water front; lease; disagree-
ment of partners cause of sale; will- sell
. whole for $2400. Call R. O. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st ¦ "¦'-¦.;. :
A— $1250. CORNER saloon on Fourth st. eloee
to 8. P. freight sheds; 8 furnished rooms
and kitchen; a good paying business. 8e«
It. Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $N(X>; DAIRY produce and delicatessen
store; rent $22; business clears above •¦ $100
per; month: 11 vine rooms: value In sight
Call R. O. WILKE. 26% geemy at ¦
A— f 2000; SALOON on Kearny st., about 2 blocks
from Chronicle building; place established
years and doing a good business; or one part-
ner will sell his Interest for $1000; disagree-
ment cause of sale. See R. O. WILKE, 26% I
GROCERY business. in Berkeley near the uni-
versity: established 24 years; good reasons
for selling. Address W. P., WOOLSEY 2110
Shattuck ave. 1 ' ,'
A— RESTAURANT and delicatessen store; very
cheap; must be sold at once to close account-
g9 d ' . In 1 ulre A - B - SMITH CO.;- 128
FOR SALE— 15000 to $15,000 stock; established
jobbing and manufacturing business; good
dividend yearly, j P.O. box 766. Lincoln, Nebr.
CORPORATION wants men ', or .". women 4 as
county managers."- Small: capital : required
Large Income assured.; Box '2058, Call. ,
WANTED— Steady :¦ man with . $300; ' genteel
business ; no night or • * Sunday • work ; $75
. monthly. Apply 235 j Kearny } st.j" loom 4. •-.. •
PARTNER wlth~isoo:'must bea live man/ia
money-maker: Investigate. 219 Leaven worth
fe st, basement' .,- : ¦ *. -. ,"¦.-¦•.:. —v -..,... ¦ .
WANTED— Unlncumbered - lady. , $300.' partner
in store. Box 848, Call office/ Oakland.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE— Con.
BRING THIS "CALL" AD WITH YOU. '
MARION. GRIFFIN," Established April 9, 1885.^
Room 406 "Examiner" building. , ,_ V
Phone Black 8607. Take elevator to 4th floor.
*!- Strictly, business methods. Up-to-date offices.
. ; , aOO ROOMS— OFFER WANTED.) i*i
Big bargain; exclusive > family hotel ; one ot
the. best on 'the coast;, handsome corner build-
ing; cleared $461 In October; private baths;
splendid furniture; 5-year lease; cause, heart
trouble.-- . . -,-.-; ¦ . . ..-. . ¦
' " ? •¦'- (18 ROOMS— $900.) • " ; "¦_;'"" .
Snap; on sunny corner, 4 blocks north of Mar-
ket; full; of men; cleared $75 last 5 weeks. -
' ' (24 ROOMS— CLEARS $175.) \ '
Transient- house;' downtown; 24 rooms fur-
nlsned S months ago with the beat of every-
thing. '; ¦¦¦' ¦:,: ... ; .... ¦ .
(16 ROOMS— SWELL.) _^"
: New, modern house of 16 rooms In hlgh-tonea
neighborhood; all bay-window rooms; on sunny
corner; Axminster carpets; golden oak folding
beds with large mirror fronts. . V
i; ' ,i .-. (177 ROOMS— CLEARS $650.)
A bargain; a first-class, strictly modern,
fireproof apartment house; new building; ele-
gant furniture; low rent, long lease; clears $650
month; owner Is sick In bed.
(52 BOOMS— MORTGAGE SALE.)
New. and modern; long lease; moderate rentt
very best furniture and carpets; excellent loca-
tion; only $1600 cash necessary; must bs sold;
a big snap. "** .;.
: . (44 ROOMS— A MINT.)
Actually cleared $438 In October; In center
of city; accurate < accounts are kept; . worth
$8000 as ran 'Income producer; will sell for
$4500 v y : ; -;;..¦: ;¦ . • : . ¦ /',.. ¦.-- x-v
(10 ROOMS— $250.) -,;
Bunny side, north of Market; rent $28; full.
'¦¦ ¦ (34 ROOMS— $1200.) • .
Near Market; rent $80; banks $98 monthly.
' * ne rooms— $800.)
Clean; rent $50; clears $57; all housekeeping.
Elegantly and artistically furnished flat of
8 rooms;: must' be sold on account of leaving
city; cost $1000 last July; will sell for $500;
strictly ¦ modern building; low rent; three rooms
bring half the rent; best location In the city. ;
MARION ORPTFIN, Room 406, Examiner bldir.
NICE 21-room house; downtown location; full
of steady roomers; clearing $75 a month;
price' reduced from $2400 to $1600; parties
leaving the city. ' : .,
MARION GRIFFIN, Room 406. Examiner bldg.
I SEE
TBTLOW & DEACON,
Phone Folaom 2957. . '
1023 Market St., between 6th and 7th.
For hotels, roomlnj-hou see and business
chances, any part of the city. ,
/A— $3000; PRIVATE . boarding-house, with '40
elegantly furnished rooms, on Van Ness ave.;
rooms always occupied and first-class patron-
age. See R. G.' WILKE. 26H Kearny st
ELEGANT corner flat. 8 rooms. Western ¦ Ad-
dition; 'r«nt $35; cheap, $900; large list of
houses, 0 to 200 rooms. EITEL ft CARROLL.
' 212 Kearny st -,---. - ' . ¦
CARPET BEATIN-G^AXD CLEAXiyG.
AIR compressed, dry. Ice cold. Is now univer-
sally used In sanitary cleaning carpets, on
floor,' without removal or Injury: prices mod-
erate." Apply 8. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.: phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
Bend for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 355-357 Tehama st; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1800 Har-
; rlson st. ; Al cleaning; 3c; tel. Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co., J. McQueen,
proprietor, * 329 Guerrero st., tel. Mission 49.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
- reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate aVe. : telephone East 126.
; / COLLECTION OFFICES. .
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
•city or - country.v PACIFIC COLLECTION
ti CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: .- tel. 6586.
SPIRITUALISM."
PROFESSOR FRED ; P. EIVAN8, the famous
I psychic, known throughout the occult world
as, the king of si ate writers; Interviews dally
on all subjects of Interest, 'business, social or
¦ spiritual. Office 1112 Eddy st, near Octavla;
¦ phone Scott 887. „ *
MRS. KIRKE'S life saved by ISMAR.' the
. wonderful Gypsy; see page 44.
Returned — Miss C. C. Kotter circle every eve.,
10c; Mon. eve. developing circle; sittings dal-
ly; L. 50c.G. $1; card reading 25c. 34 6th,r.l2
j PROF. Fred. P. Evans, noted psychic .for slate-
writing and clairvoyance': stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy st, nr. Octavla; phone Scott, 8S7.
ETHEL CRINDLE — Materializing seance Sun-
day eve.. 60c. 828 Ellis st: 8 o'clock. '
EDWARD EARLE.' 1062 Ellis,', readings dally,
0:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday., .
C. ; V. MILLER'S materializing seance to-
nlght, 8 o'clock; $1. 1084 Bush st >
. CLAIRVOYAXTS. -r
CASHMIRE. s
. Clairvoyant and trance medium.
. Consulted dally on all , important business,
' spiritual or material : messages from ' living
or dead, and names. CASHMIRE spent much
, time . In the Orient among -. the occult work-
. era; peer of all clairvoyants, and Is the great-
est reader of human destiny alive. Those
who have consulted Cashmire always send
their friends. .: '" ',.-• ..¦-,¦.-• . -. . r, ¦. ¦:.
; Tells You -When and ¦
Whom You Will Marry.
j. Divorces, Lawsuits, Buried - Treasures.
Learn the Secret
$1350— Fine cottage of 4' rooms, bath,', high
and have your ' wishes and desires satisfied.
Mediums Developed.
Fees within reach of; all.
305 Taylor st. cor. Ellia.
Cut this out, as It won't appear dally.' _ ...
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE,
The First Registered .Trance Clatrvoyant and
,: Palmist Ever In San. Francisco.. . ;
I do hereby solemnly agree ' and I guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to tell your name, occu-
pation and what you called for; I promise to tell
you whether. husband, wife, or sweetheart Is true
or false; tell you who and when you will marry;
In fact I will' tell you every hope, f par or ambi-
tion better than you can tell yourself; I will give
you luck that wins success In love, marriage, di-
vorce, business, speculation, mining-, health and
lost 'vitality, etc. : hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. ra.
,326— O'Farrell >t— 326. Readings $1.
MME.' M. BERNARD. ' THE FAMOUS
- Clairvoyant and business '.medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third it., next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of . the past reveals the
present - happenings ;•; and - portrays events • to
'i ' occur ; In the future; < If - you ? are In trouble,
. discontented or not satisfied In ' life, ' or have
domestic / love or business troubles, I consult
.: this great medium and you will be told how
to overcome them; valuable advice In all af-
fairs of iife; 25c -< up; satisfaction guaran-
: . teed ; readings by mail. Tel. Black 4568. ?
A— L-I-V-O-R-N-O. >. ,
L-I-V-O-R-N-O. .
The World-Renowned Palmist
. and Crystal Gaxer,
'¦''': ¦'.'- :': 34 Kearny st.:- , ¦•'-- ¦¦/ ..
Over Hammersmith ft Fields. Phone Black 2435.
DO NOT LOSE? HOPE.' .
"Madame . Livorno V saved '- me " i serious ¦*. mis-
takes." eays Sarah Bernhardt. Thousands say
the same ¦ thing. . . Three questions by mall.' 11 $1.
Send month and year of birth. - ¦ >'.'¦' ''¦¦ . s
ISMAR. the Egyptian " gypsy,' clairvoyant T and
palmist,' permanently located at 1104 Market
st , ' cor. -, Turk ; ¦ private readings daily; 10 a. v
m. 1 to 5 p. ¦ j ro. ; readings by ! mall '. as satisfac-
tory as in person ; i 3 • questions " answered,: $1 ;
f: full : life." $5 ; : send lock of . hair, date and year
; of birth; don't send currency. Send postofflce,"
Wells-Fargo money order, or; registered letter. \
¦-:. LIFE MYSTERIES -REVEALED. -
,/¦•_ "; :-- MRS.; DR.-, E., SANDERS. \
Spiritual mtdlum; only teacher of. mind teleg-
. y : raphy in the : world whose system never falls.
Learn -It: ;i: it • will bring ,- you ¦' HEALTH,
-WEALTH ; and ; LOVE. J « Develops . mediums
»..: and teaches occultism. -• Hours," 10 a.im.Tto 8
'. ip. m. ::, 418 Post. at <?.':>;;> ¦ -.. :'; ¦•>¦'. -. '
MISS i ZEMDAR, young, i gifted 1 clalr.i ft ; palm.
¦ nae second 4 sight; ; a wonderful ? prophetess.
,-; I correctly ; treat i your - love s affairs." domestic
trouble, . bus. « and ¦: financial I success ;• named.
L.. '60c; P.. ; $1: 714; Franklin, nr.-; GAG.' ave
MRS.- ; A;" H. '< Kronenberg,-' palmist, clairvoyant."
card reader/ wlU give a good readlng,;10c.,fo-
- a short; time ; only; Lwhen others fall try me to
"•;-", convince yourself. • 721 Franklin, ; near, Turk.
MRS.*:! KIRKE'S '-. life i saved \ by - ISMAR, the
' ' "pnderful ¦ gypsy. ¦ See • page _ 44.
A — Mme.i Ravenna reads t life, '5 business I advice;
: - names gi ven ; 25c up. g 4th st.7s near. Market
MME/VWALTERS,* treat \ card ? reader ; i la.*; 25c,'
A gents 60c-l 051; Mission st.ys nr.^ 6th ; ; open Sun.
MRS.' BROWN.' clalrvoyant.<card reader; ladles
-v 25c. j; aents . 50c: i readings daily. 132 i SUth J st^
vHELPWMTEI^Eyiil^o..
A— • "\ ¦" '", .:' ' ¦— — — • -'¦"•'..'
OFFICE FEE $1-^ANY POSITION. •
OFFICE FEE $1— ANY, POSITION.
OFFICE. FEE $1— AJfY. POSITION. *
Money Returned , at Once - If Not Engaged.
First-class positions vacant in leading
: .homes for well-recommended "cooks, cham-
bermaids, general - nurses, etc. The Domes-
• tic Club. No.- 233 Geary st, office 36. MRS.
! M. M. THOMPSON, Manager.
Opp. City of Parisj Dry-Ooods Store.
A WAITRESS, also a chambermaid, for iama
institution ;-4 short distance out of city. $20
each. Apply MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter
, >8t.; : near Powell. ,.
COOK for restaurant; $12 a week; no Sunday
; work. MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st. near
Powell.'
A COOK and second girl for 6 In family. In
city, $30 and $25; a chamber— .aid who cai.
»ew some, for private 'family In city, $23; a
waitress and - parlormaid for small family.
$30: - a nurse . for 2 children. $35. MISS
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutler st. near Powell.
A — WANTED — Girls . to , learn' halrdresslng.
manicuring, etc. ; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
ll tlona to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
- teed. at $10 per week up; leading school In
West. 233 Geary ¦ st. . room ' 13.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season:
- both seasons taught from start to finish In 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers. Kales-
ladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up:
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st. r. 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches hairdresslns;
trade; manicuring, massage, etc. 1238 Mar-
ket st., cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve, class; call.
A REFINED, Intelligent woman, who under-
stands cooking and can teach it 2 days a
week; references: salary $30 per month: give
phone. Box 2960. Call office. /
SALESWOMAN wanted— Young lady sales-
woman In art goods stora until, after the
holidays; no .counters In store. Box 2062.
- Call office.
YOUNG girl, opportunity to learn every branch
of nursing In addition to X-ray, drug and
• dispensary -work; must live home; no pay
first year. Box 2060, Call office.
LADIES to do piece ' work home; we furnish
- materials, pay $7 to $12 weekly. Send stamp-
ed envelope to Royal Co., 34 E. Monroe st,
Chicago. 111. v
LADIES having Dollies. Centerpieces. Batten-
berg and Drawnwork to sell, address Ladles'
Exchange. 34D Monroe st. Chicago.
LADIES— Something new; $10~to"$15 per week.
°~S anvaBslng ' Steady work. SURETY
MFG. CO.. Chicago. III.
$30 PER 100 writing letters; no deposit: no
canvassing. Address Ladies' Supply Co..
Dept. 41. Indianapolis. Ind. .
EXPERIENCED saleslady" for ribbon depart-
ment Apply superintendent's office. The
Emporium.
MANICURE lady for shaving Darlor Sixth
floor Crossley building. New Montgomery and
Mission sts.
WANTED— Neat-appearing young lady to keep
house, father and son. 465 Eddy st. base-
ment flat.
WOMAN of mature years to take charge of
business branch. Box 2971. Call.
WANTED — A good seamstress on shirt waists;
also an apprentice. 131 Post st. room 14.
WANTED— Finishers on men's white shirts.
ROGgRSON'B. 635 Valencia st
GIRL wanted to take care of child 14 months
, of age; apply Monday. 1153 Oak st
PRESSERS at Murray Dyeing and Cleaning
Works. Eighth and Howard sts.
GIRL or woman to care for house part of day.
Apply 829 Mission st.
GOOD millinery makers; also an apprentice.
21 Kearny st. •
WANTED — Experienced • saleslady for candy
store. 1400 Polk St.; call after 10 a. m.
GIRL for light general housework and assist
! with children; no cooking. 1724 Sntter st
WANTED — Lady as companion, light assist-
ance; small wages. Address box 2072. CalL
A LADY, of Indomitable energy to make money
and a convincing talker.^ F. PERSON. 477
and 478. Parrott building.
NEAT, smart youncr or middle-aired woman
assist at' housework. 871 Adeline st, Oak-
land. ¦ ; ' »
EXPERIENCED waitress wanted; best of
wages. 631' Clay st.
ELDERLY German Catholic lady as cook and
housework; $6 per- week. 1071 Market st
EDUCATED elderly German Catholic lady as
children's nurse; $3 par week. 1071 Market
GIRL for housework; family of 3; $15. 4200
California, cor. Fourth ave., Eddy-st cars.
SKIRT and sleeve hands. MULRONEY, 110
Geary st .
GIRLS about 15 for factory work; good wages.
Apply at once. AMES ft HARRIS. 10O Sac-
ramento st : ; '...'
WANTED— Experienced girls In bookblndery.
BROWN ft POWER CO.. 608 Clay st
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. G. Barrett instructor. 302 Montgomery.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan ft Church sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520— Sacramento St — 620
Phone Main 1191. Cor. Leldesdorff st
Office Open To-day (Sunday). 10 to 12.
Bedmaker. L. Co.'s B. ' H., $30 and found.
a half fare; man. lease or run ranch on shares,
boss here, Al job; 2 cooks, city; 2 waiters,
city; blacksmith, dairy, $35 and found; 2
painters, city. Inside work. $2 50 day.
Coal miners New Mexico
WANTED — Young man, • fair education.* light
clerical work: salary $15 per week: must
have $300 cash deposit or Invested; establish-
ed corporation; security: your deposit or In-
vestment cashed on demand If discharged or
resignation. ; Answer box 2064. Call.
BRIGHT. ' clever young man, 18 to 21, for as-
. eistant bookkeeper; must be industrious, of
good appearance and habits, quick and accu-
rate; prefer some one who is now employed;
'good chance for promotion. Apply in own
handwriting. Confidential, box 2051. Call. •
AN ' exceptionally attractive line to both sales-
men and -dealers: larre commissions paid
weekly: staple, easy seller: vest-pocket sam-
ple. Address B. E. LeVERT, Roe bldg., St.
Louis. Mo. -, ..-'..
TRAVELING salesman for- California; no tech-
¦ , nlcal knowledge, but active, all-round hus-
tler: ' established, well-rated house. - Box 524.
Detroit. Mich. --
: WANTED-— General solicitor for retail grocery
house; permanent employment; good oppor-
- - tunlty; fair wages to start: must be live,
active, good address and a hustler. Box
2068. Call. -.¦".....-.:-
LEARN designing of ¦ mantels, furniture, ln-
" terlor finish, : building plans, etc.; and earn
$50 to $150 monthly; constant demand for de-
signers. Carrier, 560 DHisIon st, Chicago.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
; -¦ $1 60 per. pair, foot- form shoes at $2 50, or
- I orthopedic shoe*,$3 50; best shoes on earth.' 11
Third st. Exam. , bldg.. 5 doors from : Market.
BOOKKEEPER wanted — First-class bookkeep-
er and accountant to take charge of office of
retail business In this city; state age, experi-
ence,' waxes expected.' Box 2075, Call. . ,r* '
WANTED — Fancy goods and notion man to
iro" to Stockton; one capable of managing
department ;• state age -experience and salary
expected. Apply box 3440. _
BOOKKEEPER; a-gocd general all-round office
- man; one who can use a Smith Premier. type.
."." writer and willing to make himself useful.
Box 2073. Call.- " : - . -- ~~
'• GOVERNMENT positions— Call at room • 14,
1 • fifth floor,-. 305 Larkin st , : for : free Informa-
. tlon as to positions,' salaries, age limits, etc ;
', day or. evenings. '. ¦ ¦ , L .. ;
BOY, between 15 and 19 who wishes . to learn
" good business downtown: -state age and 'sal-
ary expected. " Box 2063. Call. . ;' -
FIRST-CLASS experienced grocer's specialty
- j salesman acquainted - with - trade; references
required. Box 2970. Call. r - I
TRAVELING salesman for California, capable i
. of results ; with staple line to country 1 mer- 1
chants;: bond 'required.*; Box -.608."- St. Louis.
WANTED everywhere — Hustlers to tack signs/
*: ,dtrtbute circulars." samples. -etc. mo canvass- .
¦ » ing good pay.' Sun Adv. , Bureau, t Chicago. • j
MEN everywhere; good ' pay; " distribute circu- i
lars, ' adv. 1 matter. * tack signs. ; etc. ; ' no , can-
vasslng. - National Adv.- Bureau. Chicago, c ;
WANTED at once, experienced traveling sales-
, man ¦ for ' California;, none other need apply,
r Address Drawer.: S-. - Chicago. _: ; r. .,-¦? -
HANDY man to learn bartending; reference re-
.- ;quired;» smalUwazes to -start with.. Can _t
once., Satroi Park. Frultvale. ; ,-'¦ ¦ '
BOY who has had some experience In a dental '
laboratory. - s Call : at 5 room SO, Donohoe ; bldg
, Vll'O, Market st.j r : ¦ ,""-'.—' .'-.-. ••,-,¦
DRIVER solicitor; for.- dyeing and cleaning at
* -r- MURRAY" S • Dyeing j and . Cleaning -^ Works •
."Eighth s nd Howard its.T;
A PRACTICAL" cutter, of good appearance. Ap-
.- ply , S. ; N. "» WOOD s ft CO.;* 940 , Market ; at.', v
DETECTIVES— Everywhere; -, good salary;, no ;
J , experience. .Intl. Detective Agcy, Milwaukee."Well. that. .one that ;. says /the .hand
that "rocks the \ cradle Is the hand tha.t
rules the world.* "—Philadelphia Ledger.
The Sp«lling Bea.
The spellln* be« wia started Ca«
With Scale near the head.
An' X wtzz mi' to her In line.
An' saw her cheeks so red.
I srot throc"gh"phthl«ls," "cxtrophy" "
And "voltiseur- all right;
But lookln* ta her eye*, they both.
Got into "rayncltollte."- •
I
An* nme war, then. I don't know how.
Our haeds begun to Jine,
An* Sosy spells her last name cow
Tbe same way. I do mine. |
— McLANDBUBGH WILSON.
SATURDAY, XOVEJtBER 1*.
George A. and Harriet S. Hare to Abram
M. Brand, lot en W line, of Buctaaan etreet,
73 N of O'Farrell. N 12:8 by W C2:«: flO.
William A. and . DeUa. X«vU!s to Frederick
KroaenbexK-, lot oa ?TW ccmer of Dcvlaadero
and Fultcn streets. N 137:5 b7 W 137:6; $13,
«<0l
Leirls and Alic* Locke to Porothea Koppitz
(wife of John); lot en N line of VaUejo street
2VS6 W of Baker, W 4a by N 100; |10.
Jena Koyplt* to same, same, qaltciaia
deed: $2. .
Anthony and Johaaaa (yDooaeH to Patrick
II. and Mary CTDomell. let oa E line of Foi
sota street, 106 3 of Sixteenth. E 6O by E 101;
*10.
Clara Isota to Leali* H. Cotlom. lot en E
Itoa of Fofcscra street, 120 S of Eighteenth. S
27^ by E l«0; $10.
Jiibemia Seviajs aad Ixan Society to Rich
ard and Gecrre Koh. lot on E line cf Castro
street. 26:* 3 cf Liberty. S 25 fcy E ICO; I1000.
M. l^ Wleka to A. Nahas, lot ca X Hae of
Gr«ea street. 01 :S E of - Montgomery. E 22:11
by N* «S:9; fid - .
Golda Alexander to Jarae* A. Black, let ca
S line cf O'Farreil street, 62:« E of Powell. E
25 by S ST:«: S10.
Albert «ad Marie Caroa ta "W. 'H. Barrow*.
lot ca E Use of Leavenworth street, 112:<J >*
cf Unica, N 25 by E TO; 510.
Erally voa Rosen. Har?ln. Carl aatf Victor
Xarxensea to Fannte NeabeTter. kit oa N~W line
cf Natotsa. etreet, 291:6 >TE of Sixth. 21 by SO;
$10l - - - - • . - - - • •
• John XI. Bertram ard J. H. Gaasberrer to
E3Ix* S. H. Bertraa aad Margaret S. Edaer,
lot on E line of Nineteenth avenue. 123 S of
California itreet, 3 25 by E 120; Western Ad
dlticn-lW; HO. - - .
Eliza S. H. and Joha H. Bertram and J. H.
Gacsber?er ta Slanraret S. Edner (Bertrara).
lot ea£ )*"~ of Nineteenth aveooe. 10O S c£
CallforaU. etreet. S 25 by E 120% S1O.
Mirzir-t S. B4n«r (Bertram), wire oi Joha
T.,* Eliza -S. H. Bertracs aad J. H. Gac«t»rr*r
to John H. Bertran*, Iat on S Iln* of Caliror
nia itreet, J>5 E of Nineteenth aveaue. E 15
by S 100: llOu
Marg-aret S. Edaer (Bertrara). wtfe of Jcha
T^. and Joha H. Bertram and J. H. Ganster
rer to EUza S. H. Bertraai. lot on 5 line- of
California street. *5.E ot Nineteenths aTesoe,
E Sft tor S ICO; $10.
¦ Margaret *S."E<Iaer (Bertram), wife cr John
T. and EUza S. H- and John H. Bertran ta
J. H. Gaosberxer. lct.cn SE corner of Nine
teenth avenue and California' street. E « by
8 ICO; Jlft. - - -> ¦- ¦- ~> '
J»mea M. D«t1s to R. J. Graf, lot en W line
ot Twenty-third avenue, 100 S of P street. S
SO br-W I**: *tOt -
W<sd«U Euwn t» golomoa Getx. lot 03 N
line cf X street. 3Z:i W or Thirty-nlata »»e
aat.Xr 50. by N 10). <jaiiclaim 4e*&i $3. <- y
Solenson and Dcra Geu to Sarah E. Corner,
same; *1O."
Melville 3f ." aai Theresa - Kereastarffer ta
Bier * ReceBsfccr?er. Joseph E. Bi-r aad Mel
vllle M. Beseasbcrser. lot oa SW line of CTe*t
*T«we,' 13 SE of Patton street. SB 2S, SW
132:3. SW 2a NE 125, lot «w block 2,-Hoay
Park; HfX '• • ?- . i: .' . .
Oscar Heyrsan to Walter T. Brows, lot en
SE comer cf Stone&an anfl Uasche*ter stre«ts
EJObrSn. C2»essaa3"« map. 1. Predta Val
: , * BniJdcrsV Contracts.
M- ' S. Price {owner) with C. T. SIseti&ry
(contractor), architect - Oliver Everett — All
work for a ttree-stcry frame baHilag- on JfW
corner «f Fell and Finarare streets. 31:3 on
Fell asd 100 ca FHfcncre: flS.COO.
James IX Pb*lan «** Robert H. Fletcher
trustee* (owners) wtth Globe Brass and BeH
Foundry (contractor*) architect B. J. S. CaMU
— Sand metis; bronze ea*ti=xs. mocnttax and
finishing- ef a statue tt>- be delrverM at Paa
har-dle entrance to Gofciea Gate Park, oa Baker
street, between Oak «sd Fall; $6CC*X
BFAT, ESTATE TBAXSACTT0NB.
Tenant— I cams to inform yoa, sir, t^at
my cellar Is full of tester.- -
Landlord— Well, what cf it 7 Tec surely
{ did not expect a cellar full cT champagne
1 for HO & month, did ysaT— Baltimore
' American.
Mrs. Uppmann— I must ten you. Delia.
that I was displeased at your entertaining
that policeman In the? kiafica last night.
Delia— Faith, Oi did ax him into the
parlor. . ma'am, but ha wouldn't g».—
Philadelphia Press.
What We Got and What We Give.
This century received from its prede
cessors the horse; we bequeath the bicy
cle, the locomotive, and the motor car.
"We received the goose quill and be
queath the typewriter.
We received the scythe and bequeath th«
mowing machine.
"We received the hand printing press; w«
bequeath the cylinder press.
We received the painted canvas; we be
queath lithography, photography and col
or photography.
We received the handJocni; -vre bequeath
the cotton and woolen factory.
We received gunpowder; we bequeath
lyddite..
We received the tallow dip: we bequeath.
the electric lamp.
We received the galvanic battery; we
bequeath the dynazao.
We received the flintlock; we bequeath
the Maxims.
We received the sailing ship; we be
queath the steamship.
I We received the beacon signal fire; ira
bequeath the telephone and wtreles3
telegraphy.
We received ordiirary light: we bequeatix
Roentgen rays. — Exchange.
$S,OJ0^00 p*r year, against less than C3Q.-
CCO for Italy. Only Sicily and Sardinia,
are still producing cork to any consider
able extent In Italy, whfle the foroer
great oak forests of Cala&rla. are almost
totally destroyed. It seems tocoinjnrenen
si&e that this destruction has been p«r
rnitted. The trees easily reacn an ae«
of 200 years. Tney yield. cork in their
thirtieth year and continue to do so every
seven years. Seventy-five years agt> the
English demand for cork wa3 stipplie.i
exclusively from Italy. The destruction
of the remaining forests goes en uninter
ruptedly and nobobdy seems to try <o
prevent it cr to plant new forests, in
spite of the fact that Italy possesses the
most favorable climate and soil for the
cork oak, the most favorable conditions
for its. growth being; found in the vol
canic soil of the peninsula.— New York
Tribune.
The Great Balk of Their
Money Wilt Fa9S to the
Eldest Son.
American Millionaires
Arranging System
- of EntaiL
KEEPING WEALTH
IN THE FAMILY
THE DESTBUCro02r OF.
TTAT.TS COBS F03ESTS
Are Almost Entirely Gone— Spaia
Kow the "World's Chief
JTho cork Industry, which Is quite an
important one, wCl receive a fresh. Im
petus, a new process havtos _be£a discov
ered by which large pieces can b« made
out of snail ones, so that cork waste can
b« utilized In large Quantities. This ts
all the more important, as the price of
cork Increases steadily, both oa account
of the growing demsjii and the lessened
ffcpply of the raw material.
Formerly Italy, was a targa producer of
cork, but a great part of tha splendid
cork -oak forests ha« already toeea de
stroyed, la some pn>iisce» aa. for In
stance, la Calabria— the trees have been
felled and csed for charcoal making; 43
other provinces they have been cst donrn
on account of their high potash contents.
Larger forests of cork-cak trees ar*
existing la Spaia. Portugal. France, A!
gerfa and Tunis. None are -found In Asia
Miner and only rarely in Gre»?ce and Euro
pean Turkey, although the climates seem
to be favorable for their growth. The
area covered by these forests is estimated
at 3M.C0O hectares (T41.SC0 acres) In "Porto
gal. 259.GQQ hectares t-7L7,7ZO aeres> ta Spain.
;>;.•:<>) hectares (S3I^S9 acnss> tn AlgcrU
and only SO.QOO hectares (13^730 acres)-re
main in Italy.
While Spain still fcmlshes 32.JC0 tons cf
cork arnrA'ly. the. prodtzcxlcn ef -Italy
has decreased to 43CO toss.- -The rate* of
the Spanish exports of cork amount to
' Andrew Carnegie recently said In a
speech In England that "In no eountry Is
it so true that there are only three gen
erations between ihlrt sleeves and shirt
sleeves. We have no laws of, prtmogenl
uzre'to-keep tha fortune In the family ;
• name.**
The fact.- however, is substantiated by
thorough Investigation that not one cf
the big millionaire families cf New York
ox America has returned to tha shirt- i
eleeve stage.
Chauncey M. Depew has seen five gen
erations of VanderbUts— "the" commo
dore," - William H-, Cornelius, Alfred |
G wynne and the baby. While there are j
no laws by which a multi-millionaire
nmst hand his fortune down to his eldest •
son. there are no laws against his so -,
doing.
Primogeniture Is recognized more to-day j
t+rxn heretofore, and the very fear of the '
dissipation of the family -fortune amocg :
a lot of heirs Is causing the extremely i
wealthy man »t»" will his great estate to j
the eldest son; practically cutting off the (
other children with a beggarly million.
' The only exception which . proves the i
rule was in the case o.f the late Cornelius
Vanderbilt. who gave the bulk of his
|72,0C0.«O «state to Alfred Gwynce, hia
second son. Everybody knows that this
was becanse Cornelius, the eldest son.
had disobeyed his father In Ms marriage.
J.*D. BOCKEFEXiEE-'S ESTATE.
At the present rate of the concentration
of wealth, in fifty years fifty families will
own the value of fully one-half of the
United States, and the billionaire will
have arrived long before the passage of
that period.
In the race for ten figures the Rocke
fellers have a long lead, and If John D.
Rockefeller Jr. lives and carries out the
plans cf his father fce*wlll probably win
the race.
The Rockefeller wealth Is now estimated
fat H00.00O.CCO. The only rival to the oil
! king wu the steel king, Andrew Carne
gie, who took ofi his crown at COO.WO.QOO.
of which amount he has given away one
third. But Andrew Carnegie has no son,
one little daughter only having been born
to him. His close friends say he would
have acted different had a son been born
to carry on the name at which the steel
king Is so proud. v
John D. Rockefeller Jr. \3 being trained
by his father to rule the Standard Oil
trust so that there may be no break in
tne management at the time of the pa
rents* death. While the Rockefeller girls
will not be forgotten, they will receive
only a few millions apiece. They have
married well, are proud of their father
and acquiesce in his plan to make his
namesake his chief heir.
John D. Rockefeller Jr. has never been
pampered by his father. In college days
"he spent no more than the son of one of
his father's clerks, and he became* a clerk
himself. Until he showed that he wa3 his
father's own boy In the way of finance
he was kept on a small monthly allow
ance. To show what a good boy he was
he kept within the appropriation,
THE ASTOB ESTATE.
The Astors represent . the oldest of
American families of wealth and the idea
of primogeniture has been carried through
! the many years since the first John Jacob
I Astor covered up his shirt sleeves. At
( present there Is no indication that any
member of the family is about to take
off his coat.
The heads of the two branches of the
family— "William Waldorf and John Ja
cobs — have pooled their issues at times,
notably in . the case of the Waldorf-As
toria HoteL William Waldorf, the Eng
lishman, is rated at $lj6.€a>,CGa. John Ja
cob at JlS^OO.fiCO— all In Xew York realty.
The heir of William Waldorf Astor
bears the name of his father. He is *l
years old. Next to hfra comes Pauline
and then John Jacob. On the American
side of the family John Jacob has one
son only— William Vincent Astor. now 11.
but the coming Astors are William W.
'and William V.. and together they will
[represent SZX*,<>XO,GCQ of land wealth.
THE GOX3XD ESTATE.
Jay Gocld had one central idea in mak*
lag hl3 will, and that was to keep the
money in the family and make his eldest
son. George J. Gould, the manager of the
estate. This has been done, and could
the shade of the founder of the Gould
family revisit the earth it wotild see that
the plan has worked admirably, in the
main.
William C. Whitney has co£ waited for
dissolution to pass aiocgr his tiOX'JQ&Q to
Harry Payne "Whitney, but has given its
management to him while he could di
rect him as to the best uses to which that
fortune could be pot. t
When Mr. Whitney announced that he
would retire from business he added that
his son would be his successor. One by
one the father's directorships have been
transferred to the son. Although "William
C. "Whitney keeps & sharp eye on things,
his son is virtually in charge of the Whlt
new interests.
J. P. M0BGAITS ESTATE.
The most clnsire of all the millionaires
Is John Pierpont Morgan. It la impossi
ble to give any estiz&ate of - his ' wealth,
because, to? one reason, he does not pile
It up, but keeps It moving. *HIa great
power 13 hla control cf other people's
money and of this he has core than any
other man in the world. Mr. Morgan Is
a potent factor in the administration of
properties amounting to S4,C00JJG0,CQ0
Mr. Morgan has trained hi3 son* and
namesake, his only boy, to carry on the
great backing business by and with the
assistance of a host cf ,partners. The
third generation appeared In 1S92 In the
person of Jonios Spencer Morgan. -
Edward H. R. Green will . Inherit ' the
•mUBons of Mrs. Hetty Green.
"Charlie'* Gates Is the heir cf John w".
Gates.
"Dan" R. Han&a has the confidence of
his father. Senator Hansa. .,-.
FoxhaU Keene will conserve the mfi-
Uons of James R. Keene.
In fact, th« oldest sons of the mnltl
mnUonaires and of the ordinary million
aires'have' the 'advantage of parental
tctelage, and. kcowisg the power of ac
crued • millions, win cot only keep what
they., have, but' the head of each family
will add rsor« asd pass it along:.—Balti
more Herald.
THE SAN FBA2sCISCO CALL, 'SUNDAY; NOVEMBER 15. 1903.
Th« whole universe appears to hare
been set In motion to -enable a. ~> few am-
Citloos mortals to make fortunes asd rep-
UUtiOE*,
"Seme of the croTerbs about ca men. 1 "
said Mr. HenDeck, "are, ndlculocs.'*
"As. for lcstanceT* qcerled Meekton.
43
KA1I.VAT TBim.
V^^^^S3uSlUlSlssss^Bs2asslsssl^lSl^B^Bssss^BsQSB2SZCii^a^^k
f 8AUF0R<a!A §
I LIIHiTEO 70 CHICAGO *?
g Leaves Boaday* sad Thursdays K
g at 0:30 0. in., through fa 8 days* S
|B with dlaer «ad all trappings. 29
Other San*3 Fa Trsisa:
?i» a. =x. I for sjocjrton, yreaao* B»Ver*£e^«
1^-ptSl!" Merced. Eaaforda^VlaaHa.
«.C0 p. =. f or Stoeitas.
E :C0 p. =. for Kaasaa CitT, Grx&d Caayca aad
Caicayo.
Tickxt Oraoc: Ml Mirktt 9u aad Farr?
Depot. 3. r. Also 1112 Broadway, Oai-
laad,CaL
CALIFORNIA NOHTflWESTOS RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FBAKGISGQ AMU HGaTH PAGIRG
B-SJOCWAT CCXPA5T.
Tiborca Ferry, rcct oX Market Str««t.
SAS r3AJTCX3CO TO SAS SATASL.
WEm DAT3 — "iJSK »:CO. 11 -CO a. ta.; 12:3».
Z:3O. 5-10. 6:30 p. 0. Ttsrsdays — Extra trip
Saturdays-Extra trip at 1 :50 ard 11 p. =l
BVXDATS— -?:<». »i?0. UKXX a. a; 1 :** »:».
SA3T * EATA21 TO SAS 7SA2TCZSCO.
WEEK DATS-«:CS» 7:53. T:50. »^. 11:15
a. ia-: 12:5A 3:40t 5rf«t St2O p. =»- ,.
Saturdays — Extra tri? at 2U» aaa «:3i p. ia-
tr>T>lr=— *:CO. 9:4O. 11:13 a. a.; l:*i 3:40.
4:55. 5:C5. 6:2S pu cl. .' " 1
Saa Fraacisco.1 Sept. 27. 1303. .[Saa FragcUcq. |
We»fc » Saa- t Sesttea- I Sxm- I Week j
Days. ) days, t t* 00 - I <t «T*- t I>ays. j
7:3O a! 8M1 : M ! »:1O aj 9:4* a i
IS a Igaada. 10: *O a ! 10:2O a |
3:3Op|S:3Op «:6S**<r»p<
5:10 p{ 5.00 P ¦ - «:»Pt
7 SO at . I t •:13a{ R:« a !
Is^Oaf Norats. 19:40 a'w^W a
3:30 p? 9^0 a Petalusia, «:06 p| €:2O p
500p[3:3*>P. aad - S JS p{
t S^)O pi Saata Rasa. - \ -
r_nm. ¦ 10:4* aU0:29 a
S^Oa Tuitsa. 7^Jp!l5Jp
3:S0rf3:3Op/ I 1
1 I Wlsdser. I
7:3OaIS:0Oaf Healdstcrs. 11*40 a 10:20 a
I J - Lyttaa.
3-30 Pi 3:30 p( Geyserrtlle. iJ5f <^>9
I { Ocvergalft. t
7JO»! S:OTal Hcpto=d jl0:« ail»:2O a
3^af 3-^0 pf aad Uklaa. { 7:3S pi «:29 p j
7^)a{3^Oa', WEits. | T^Jp! «:»pj
T:30aj5:O>af ' _^ JXO:» aJlO^ft a
3^»pfS:3OpF CaerarvfCa. >7:35p'g:g>p ,
7-3O a! S:0O at Soaotaa. I *:19 at 8:49 a j
S:1O ll ***> V* Ci « n PKa. t «:« pf «:29 p '
7-30 a' 8:0Qal tlO:4O all0r29 a
3:3Op»g:3Opl SabaxtepcL 1 7^3> Pt «:2t> a
STAGES eor-sect at Greo Brae far Saa
QcestSi: at Santa Rasa, tcx Xtldts SnJpfeo- j
Sarlags- at Fultca for AltrarU aad Mark West '
Enrings: at Lyttoa fcr Lytton Sprtcgs; at Gey-
fer £*«gz* Sprtn«»: at CToverlale fcr '
the Geysers. Bocoertlle aad Greenwood; at I
Kaotasd for Dn=ca= Springs. BlgaZaod Spr&urs.^
KeSeyViTIe. Carlsbad Sprtis*. Soda Bay. Lake.
BCrt zad BarUett SprlKg»; at Uktaa fcr Vichy
gprtass. Saratcsa Sprtngs. Bloe Lakes. Lanrs!
T>a Lake. Witter SFriags. Vmr Lake. Poeao
i^eurr Valley. Jota Day's. Riverside. LSer'.y's
BacinelTs. Saahedrta HelgJUa. Rs3vIQ«, Orr"B
K«t Sprlags. Halfway Hecse. Cotnptche. Catop
/levins. Hopklna. Meadoctno Oty. Fort Bn«,
Westport. Usal: at Winita ter Fart Bragg.
Westpart. Sherwood. Cahto. CsTeDoi Laytso-
Ttl>. CuausiaKs. BrtT* Sprfcigs. Harris. «-
sea's. Dyer. Garbervtnei Pepperwood. Scotia
asd F 11 ill. IP"''ifl(f'tllliTlTFT»ai'>T|siOTii^>iaji3|i
, Eatcrday ta Sssday rocsd-tri? ticket* at r»-
daceri ratea.
Oa Scaday rrsal-trlp tickets ta an poiata
Ixynud Saa Rafael at half rates. -
Ticket ot--.ee. - «3O Mir ie t - street. Chro=!cl*
tcttdlag.
H. C. wmVIXG. R. X RTAX.
;. Cts. HiSAffS, vu Gts. fa£S t JUV
COTTAGES_JTO_J : ET ;
ttiVtr.WORTH. ~rr. Zs-=Z*ri— S===J <^*T
ccttasr;: >4C>: 7 rior^s: «^ 1 cccve_M»oea. g»r-
<?**: rect ni'Sf^..
K7 Zrt—CVjyy*. cor.afe ta kt Key at rarlt
C. r. ADAM.- Cu _, Hp
FrE'HL ••"P.ET-I" STORE.
¦We ctobe^fce rtri* Ounftf irota tats to
chocs; RRTiaia W to «ia« at ca*a pneea,
EXnJOTKEST s OWtCES.
OBORGE^AOElT^* 21 poat **-"' tei - 135—
Ja.n t r:<jit-<rsi=«'' e etaployceat ofSce: rar-
Cisbes b««t c-=tra-ts rcr farm t*lp. etc
A-CEPE^t-'a r-ii^T-me'nt Oface— .'apaaese-
Ct^sV fc- i *?* K>«a. TeL 57Z2.
A— CRAVT- /a: «.s-»--r^nes« Ems. O rice. 413
RELLVELE: -irs.=««<-C w i=*3e Emp'.oymeat Of- i
See: *:! *:--* — '¦?¦ " :s Stocktaw: l!aa SISg.
pur«— -t I Js.rase»» fc»:r : »stih. 23 ve*rs
. * T ;" : ~- : , - : ¦•- ".radiet a. co.. T4->'cuy.
EMPtOVMEYT WAITED FEMALE.
AJCEBICAS men want* work ty the day;
. r..:.-j.- ?"^arane«s sausfacticc ; carv-t
d«s-tfnr »• specialty; Ca* lauadreas; tl C2
i».y Frcnh at.: cce fi'rM. rocca 10.
OC SfTETTE-NT, BBrse wiztes engagensect*. coo-
- :r iaiaiiii; cheerful, paiastiking;
taeetz mc^ierate tensta, UB£. KING.
. 917 Of&rr fs~
PF.St.-'MAKEB. cicak and *r!t maker, cotter
»r : tttrr: s^iy Crsl class work dec*: at hema
cr T-rr -lar != rrirate lomlliea. E. C. BAP.SS.
'4 vrebrter st
• A POEXZ3ON as ¦tenocrapter fry e yc=«r
hi.v-.ru? "i™ersiieti eir*r.eace ia the liae.
Adir^ss Berkeley Realty C&.. 2147 Center
rt_ Berkeley.-
5ITTATICX -ty yocag jrlrT: ruht epslalra
» -'i. r care cf e^i>i. il I^tTayette »t^ be-
ta ea Elever-th aad Tweirti.
BT0J1AJS wasts wcrk tv th- day. troalag.
washing aad haaie-clemi=«: Jl SS i*y.
ZJTP.S. C. glEBOLO. 2»Ki Hitch S-. rear.
TCT-NO :a.iy> c!a=i£t wishes baaa la re2r.ed
larriiy: w-J3 rive iesscm ar.i pay a part;
retf~n«s. Bcr ZHZ. CaJ.
HXFE3OZNCirD vcr*: w^Ii i;k« work ia
r-ati'-rrrt or bcar^;r.s-t tj wait cr as-
sist In kttefcen. Call at S T>*-? rta st.
COLORET 1 woama wastl fork rf a=r kind
b« \iut day: ir«~:ia*« l*e=£ress; rrfereaces.
13 Jer«.» *T , irs.* >~ c-i.
BT Ei*t*-r: »- % rr.i^. sltritica as flr«t-c!ass
ctK* w*bere KSftma Is eirr-Icred: M wash:=g.
«K»* «3» to ?^ Ccx JJ&2. Call-
A TOL~NG vreia waats wcrk ty the day;
washing, lr-.-r.irjr - r. :•;«-•;•»::=»: gt->i cc;it.
Address Mrs M. I*. 433 Fourth gt.
?TENO<;F_*_PK£ji a=«J beckkeeper of ability
i»-2j:ts L"O¥iti^r:; *i»i'em crecpr rials. Ad-
creat tox S^T. Ca.ll- -.
' a TOC3CO taAr <:?=. grapber. cot=p*te^t a=J
¦SpKSsaaeS. ialm poeition: wages KO.
Z~3X S^fi. C-Cl <<ZlCC.
A WOMAN c<-i+* weri by the tx7\ *-;<*- la=-
ccck tr.i chamberwerk. Aiiress tox
Tit. ' CaZl.
ft 1 HI T -* fc a«rm Ar=*rtcan v=i: w*«h<?s_ t?
a«si*t in hcu^^'Tcrt; ele*p hatne. Bci 4706.
Oil'.
KOt'^ErirFSR — By Eart«-= w^rac: eli^ariy:
rjeat; econoniiral c^rck; plala la^airt^s; likss
efefifeea: «ir~ **.:¦: r**-.-r=Tsces. 3J3 J»g«ie.
IIIIIJHI Term 1 t;.- c£p«i>.
*¦ wvrztMTr »T>t«r; d.derate salary. Adir^ss tci
" 28W. Caa.
COIOHSD wrtr. f>s. frtra East: fee <r»k; v-rr
bert r«>r*=-r»s. 1'JTi C-sy st.
T'^M.VN wiifcei « -nc ty the day. Adirfss
.'oyce, ra fc^cjs. tr.
OJVIPErm^T trtr: w-siw t<3cs«w->ri ta ¦BaO
rasiilx: war^s *^5. a iires* ~a S.l-r^r tt.
F.EFINE3 AiucsLaa wcriaa wift>» ta tiki
ctmrgi ct a ¦->v-;-f'^- w r -*- a beet tZ roc=3;
¦r£9 |a tie w:r«: ea'ary S^S ar.1 BOOCX Ad-
c:«*s J. K. S.. bes 25-t^. <Zall ciSce.
' a o-V-O «t3s;r«« tri^h^s work: wadd do
yw*rp:«g; r«f?r«=c»'; $1 75 per 4s.y. Sex 23C3.
Al •VErVTI^rMENT?. sutsr-rrrr-c^s re-reiT»-i it
<~an inr^ --f-». g-r. P^- ~t = fe Q-.arr* rts.
E3PLOI"SE*T WAWTEO— MALE.
CCnerETEXT yos-g r=*n^ Donisn. wlsi** •
jweitiin oc gsoi jr-it-ate plio?. city cr s^b-
crbs; capa^> ci taki=g care of £¦**¦&**, gar<-
Oca, <tc. ar.<i i. irsi-ciass <r.rer; rtrsr-
•zjaoL. hex. TZd. Call.
EJCPEKIEyCEO dry g-«o«l* Scciejti; aal-ssii-.
ajK> Brrt-c^Lss £tociilteep*r. sp*ctal ia car-
•«'«' tiacketx. !taes« a=4 aZl t»o*ekee7trg
«iry g-3c<i*; esr*:.<er.t r»;ereacea. Bex ', t r*.
Caa cf5oe.
INTP-GETTC «ale?tsas of good arp*-araj:c». 7
year* of «xper".esc». j? cteiirras cf accepting
>:«itiosi as travelog ¦taou wtia mercaa-
tfi*_ !rrr«<j ' JV.i 2V20, Call.
EC't'SE jArnter warts raserlor work. Soor
5t^im~r. p<j;-«i:!rj.5. wiricw-deaoteg: fcy day
* - or, ocr.t3.rt : Ee-«*ra w?x Ailir»«s C. SAM-
iLEL. ,::;: T/ttfter st.
SITUATION W5.r.'r<i by Eastern coci. wife as
e*ccc£ cooi <rr waitress; good eonatry hotel
" oc resort: b»*t cf referee ¦**, J. JLXXBORS,
~.Z Ci^.».an; ¦£¦
STRONG, «i^_iur yo<iE« cts wlii r*f»rerce
wotiii ilis p.^i-:i;n ta ¦srhclesa'.e cr retail
twe^e. S:x 2&<X. Can.
SMALo srjia. etraager r=. dty, wa.at« a
pcs.uoe: ¦-;£¦•» ari eccissercial experience.
B.-x 2»C5. CaU.
• EXPEIUHTNCEO waiter. epcaiLS EtcLUh.
f>»rKii aad Italian, wlsi-a ntua.t!oc B«^x
2-i\ ¦os.n.
A EAKEEK wasts steal y Jca. P.fae aaireas
TUEOECRE WVESTKMAN. care Charie*
T»J=n. 3CS Eart>tt «t-. Saa FriErl*co.
FTKST-'-'IjASS ta^at tr-I PaJtry ccck waats
«ta*?ian in hotel; wag^s n^t :»»s than f73
TTAXTED — Wot* fcy tM«r!r firyt-cia*« car-
E-esrt«r. cxy or ccatract; city or ccarnry; best
r»re-^:cr?. B:x 2374. Call cf2ce.
A YCTUyO bis, weU a?;uaiat*d with city.
wants pc*it;:3a as salorran or collector; best
cf i*r«r:gr.<:e». Ecx 20&4. CSlU clace.
TH ORO L'CHLY exj^riiaced BiTVr. also
fair Kicker ta=d. wass» swaSy poeitkn Sa
•:ty cr victiity. IVrx 2D06. Call.
STEADr^^as wl*ic» j4an? as <x*ei=ian a^ii
r»r^rE«T;. city ct r*nstry : caa sulk; gsxl
r*;er<eruMe»- B<-X 2<X7, CaU.
lASIIOB wort. carp»ts b«atea asd niaid.
rrc-w- poli?t«-l and fixed. woc4 cutting asd
Ulirtfilac *>t the hoar cr dar- Bos ?oea. Can.
A TOUNQ =-j_-; Eiirrtei; gtxsd eiasatiao; a»
ct>.tjcs to :«av« dty; Al reference*. Box
SKI. C*H c^ce.
CuXPETENT niectanle (rtra=ger) wUses car-
p*ster w;rx; store, factory or — —¦^ Joba.
Bex SaT3. Call cf^ce. ..
•WAXT£I>-Pcs:tV(-i as derk ta gi>.eiy.
cccriry cr»r*rrti; exr*rteac»4. A£2reaa
Ci^rrfc. Cai'. ts-arxa. 500 Hayn st.
? iiE»rHANICAL irauxhtsstaa desires pc**.tie=;
aged 25. Agirgas box 2372. Call.
U.-C. fiALtT HO * -ress
A COLORED 1 r:*n *ri wire wait sJtraSaca as
cock; dty. Adiress 1137 Paciic gt.
FA i:."TEE. w:ti tac^. <iay cr VA wort; rexsca-
i^- * -Address Pairter. 1210 Miss-.ca st.
TOSnXDOf rtucd ty energitlc, a=tiUoas aad
thcrryggtjx. gxjcrirrrfft *ce«auoi «ad rsajs-
- «tr; d(Ki« c« accccst wife's health to
leave Cticagt : wtO consiier ncOnng tut e&i-
tvestly ct «.ra.t> prepesiucu. as h* la earaia*
a larg-* *^ary ard feas no rea*.^a fcr wtih: S j-
• - t» >- .•.¦;? otter tr,an rtvea aJbcre; beed tf
rec^Jred. Addrea MTP.P.TTJ S UZl PrairU
ave., Chicago, ia.
SOBET^ r ladsrtriaas. cttS£:e-aged r!cgl* »— -^
v»iti TTTMTtusi; «T7i»Jl wages; fsislltar with
#-.-.--_. - r -i.r_^^;« or piata waiter. Bex
2i5?. Cali ofice.
Al Dl^ArGKTE3tAX, experiesicird la fcota
pechaxica.! an2 atroctural tfrastitlar asd
•Jealga. der.r»« p»j niaarat poaitioa. Adlre^a
box" 2M7. Cil! c«2ce. .
TOtTNC • C*r=Lxa. 2*. wants fweitlec ta leara
:..-«-:.:; Box 2SC1. Can cTSce.
GEFJiAN. t--ciit=ct^ral drapgrtsiaaa. desires
wcra;'»3cli also do try ktr.4 cf wcrk. Bex
r>47. Call cflae.
K-smOS wanted as eoilector. «-.!«=« or
asslatazt t>ric».ii«»per ty txperlen-ed aad ea-
ergrtlc raa-; city r»ferescea. Bjx iCT, Call.
PROFESSIONAL pfcetocrapher. with T years'
expeneaee. desires sitaaticc Adlresa Pr»-
iemUxail Ptotcjrapter, tax ZOX. Call.
MAN wasts eit=a:!'.a as porter er ctSIty caa
abest fcctel. Adire»i Porter. C14 Kearcy «t.
ETKICTLT te*EE»-Tav hemt r»tlr?d sea eap-
taia desires taitab?* eiaiUoynwnjt. sacs as
V. »c2pkeeper. whar&ag^r cr la cssisiaad ef
-'^ yacht ct Btean iisach. etc Address B. F..
pottrfSce tea 210, Saa Frtacirco. CaL
TOUNC raaa wcaid ia» sitsaika r ary kiad
cf work;eaa speak »*x a:r.-ir«: best of
~'€r»r.c«*. vr. v. jucs.^etit. ru caitiK-
cla st.
TOCNG 3»P«=eae boy wacts poeltiia ta help
rtotocraphic £xL*fjS8*:- has goad exFer1*ace-
It. MtXEE. ZTX ilarket st, '
E;n»LOY;icyr TiMyrEu — m.vls. '
¦WATCHMAN, first -class reference* from Gov- {
ernrc^ct. wants r«s*- tIc n. Call 344 Howard st. i
JAPA^CESE bey waats sitcaxLsa as scbooliwy.
Bex £32>. Ca3 office. _J
ADVT3tTISEMENTS. E at«:r{ptio=j r-ceived at
Call Braatc c-fSce. cor. Dcacaa A Ccuxca sts.
A BRANCH cS« for Call ad^ertisenerits a=j|
subscriptions has been eatatashel at icoo
Valencia st. .
LOST AXP F0U5D.
IX»ST — \t football grounds or b«>tw«n there
aci tht Juaction cf Market and Taylor sts..
a gentieciai's parse, containing money an.I
large diamond ring: alto one diiaicnd sairt
stud- Renu-a to 33 S*csot=« s«. and rec«r«
liberal rewari , .
LTtST— RKire^i Oakland tracX and city, lady's
g-Vi w&tcfc: mencgram*! A. R-: tlbera. re-
ward. 411 Larkia tt. : sfcv»* 0.7 ** =C^>-
LOPT— Saturday er«:'.=g. on Mark-t st. small
roil cf slans- Pleas* return t-i 3*J Pag*
st.; rrward- ;
LOST— G-:M taig^. ¦Britaaaia Lc*ge Na. 7. Re-
turn t:> 4-:« K*ir^y ez. : reward.
I^->aT— Ocli watch U-b. Rerjra t> 14 Sac-
s': -me *t-, rccm i<>: liberal reward.
BLACK p«ri: lo« th*W» «wart
tf returned U A. SCHILLXNC * CO.
Ijry=— — <y B*i"Mi Prt=t. Sunday ttigat. aew red
:«'• icSg. 4-foct beam. Find*r
tcrify Aiierscas ShTryard. Hunters Polat;
reward. '
LOST— A axM locket wita . moecgraia F. W.
W • -ralu?^ ts keersake. Return to Ida
Market st-. tat stare, and receive reward.
tost— Tooth wale* charm, cmasiented with ;
1^^ r *^G." Eeward. 31< McAir^ter *t. !
LosT-^eirsesdar. Kal£i.t TMaiiar 3**^'- 1
¦ waifh ?harm): s-jitac> rtwirl Zi" C*^. st.
t-nr~vi>— Market -ct. terminus O'Farrell st. 1
*otf «iga« ring. MISS McRAE, Gen.
Hserital. Pr«l<lla, *
tl wQ] pay to "Re=»ciber" that the California
"¦aaLa Case Co.. 22O Sutirr et.. n*e<is oiJ
r-!.J »-i s;'ver t-> r^ake new watch eases.
SCIENTIFIC OPT1CIAAS.
miltlNQ '- v .* G A. R- encampment Dr. CUs*.
'e3"51arW*t St.. bet. €ta-7th. fitted glasses to
G^r_ M:l<^: yao want the best as weU as fcc ]
5TVTTERI>C AAD STA31MEHI\C. j
MELEC--JRNE SciiooU Van Ness-Market— Cttrw '
<5-5«- toCltaual teac*i=g; DO m»di-
cT-,. ll~?ir» izzo wosderful cgreaAoaa ccra.
2IABBIAGE LICZZJSES.
Tie *3i!3wt=« marriage lleensee were iesaed
" Harry T. Githa. 2X. city, and Maod A.
• Poelaad. 23, 4407 Poi=t Lcbcs
ri£ W axid li\ Lall. 23. 13 1« Devtaaierc *u
Mali*! L. Joaeofa. 29. IMS L«rtem «tre*t.
i-^Sti C. N. de Rra«*-. 27. 23T4 Miitwx
'¦.•nr^zls. J. Aiin:«a. 27. Lcs Anseies. aiul
I-abelli Oarpb--:!. 31. Lob ABSetea.
LU atTTya B. KA===i 23. city. and.Janette
"Henry J Uit:er. 25. icS Nc* street. aaJ
i--a. E. TT -m 2> St. Locis. Ma.
* Tbomas F. O'Brien, ». -3219 Harrison street.
"lUfo e SSS^2^B South Park, and
street.
andlSSa B. Kari.nskv. 23. 2315 Satter «.
Cfcarl-?* L. Rrierts. 22, Xaca. and Ada E.
rt T$inM c!*Ir^rris. 21. 1334 O'Farr^I street.
asd Vrna P. Rl:nai-Ucn, 23. 1>12 Martret st.
Vtraham Baker. Zk 3 FrankUa street, ani
Far.nv Epeteir. ?>. Mission street.
vFnhas* D Wi^ismscn, 54. Ornbaaa. aaa
J-nrit F. Gr-er*. 4S S3O Capp atraet.
RiTSSoad A. Woodward. 27. 274. Greenwich
¦traeX, &a«i T' * E- Scteter. 27. 4 Hubert
'"oirge J.. Stevenson. =3. Sacraments, and
Frsaces M. Burt. 25. S«> Scraier street.
Chu: On. 3S, SC3 Cla.r street. Bad Kee Now,
2<>. tVashlrrtcn strgft-
I BIRTHS— MAREIAGES— DEATHS. ,
Birth, ri'r'f and death nctlc-s sent by
¦ mail will aot b« «r.s^tei. Tb^y Mft be h*=i»d
ia at eitaer cf tir* pcfciicatioa olices and b?
1 In* 111 nil with the name aai residence of per-
s-rs autbortxed ta have the earn- pebhshed.
' Notices restricted simply to th* ar^ooacemect
cf the eve-t are pablish*& once ia tiia colama
free qZ ctars*.
BOS3T. ¦ _ *
¦ ECOTH— Iarthls city. Jfy*=^f ""*. l 3^ tlJ
tbe wife cf V.'. Booth, a da-J«bt<r.
EI.TTLE— In this city. Octoter 2S. 1903. ta
th- wir* cf George H- Butt^. a iiughter.
CACTAXO — Irs tUm city. Ncr-sber 1>>, 15O3, t»
the wife r' ilana^l Caetaac. a sen.
CORIXSGX — la this city. Nrrercber 10, 1303,
tc tte wife of J. Cociasca, a daughter.
, GOODWIN— la this city. November 4. 1303, to
the wi:* cf Flnnaa A- Gaodwia (see Camp-
bell), a daughter.
' GCaTELLI — In this city. November 10, 1303.
••> t*« wile cf a- : .-- A. Gaatrfii. - a daugh-
| ter.
i JOHNSON — In this city. November $. 1503. to
the wi> cf Martia Jcsasca (see L«=ig>, a
lis?t:er.
LOCKE— la thtt city. Ncveraber 11. 1303, to
tha wifr cf Captain E. J. Lccks. a sea.
! MtCARTHY— la this ctty. November 12. 19C%
ta tie wire of Ccraeliua McCarthy, a sea.
M;EESXA-Ia this city. November 5^ 13C3. to
the wife of Zzjzx* McK^asa. a sea.
MVRPHY— la this dty. November 13. 1903, to
the wiTe cf W. H. Murphy, a ton.
; REHXY-Ia this city, November S. 1303, to
the wife cf Jam»s H. Reilly. a son.
ROBERTSON'— la this city. November 3. 1303.
to tbe wire of William R. Robertson, a son.
P.-SAC- Ia this city. October 23. 10C3. to th-
wiTe of E. A. Rasac. a daughter.
SCHRODER— la this dty. November 13. 1303,
ta the wire cf H. C. Schroder, a daughter.
STEWART— la this city. November 4. 1903,
to the wife cf Charles J. Stewart, a soa.
WEBER — Ia this city, November 3. 19C3, to
the wile of A. Weber, a eon.
WILLIAMS — Ia thie city. November «, 19TC,
to the wife ot M. William* <r»? A.«tr. a son".
ilABBIZD.
BRO"VTN— HIGGINS— Ia thU city. November
14. IMC. ty the Rev. Dr. John A. B- Wtl-
kh. jastor of Trinity Methoiist Episcopal
<T:urr:h. William Nelaca Erown aad Margaret
H-rlen Hig5t=s. both cf San Francisco.
CHISHOLS- MVLLIGAN— In Oakland. Xo-
reatfr 3. 19<T3. by tie Rev. Father McSwee-
&«y. Aleiaader Ch'JhoXa aad Ltzxle MalU-
gae. both rt Saa Fraacisco.
1 CLOT— PICHE— Ia this city. Norenber »,
190a. Cami!le Clot of Saa Francisco aad
SaXiie Mitchtl Ptcise of Petalama.
I McALPIN— OOLESBT— In Portends. Or Vo-
veniber 3. 190S. by tbe Rev. A. A. Morrt-
| sen cf Trtaity Chanel. Arthar B. McAlpia
and Plak Oglesty ef Saa Fraadaca.
i JdCPJilS— P.ICHARDSON— Ia this city Vo-
vemier It. 1303. ty tJw Rev. Dr. Jcha *A* B
Wilsca. castsr cf Trinity Methodut Eptj-o-
ral Cirrch. Thcmas Cirroa MorrU aad
VtTia Pearl Rlcharesoa. both ot s»n Fraa-
ciaeo. - -
BOSS — LXTND — In this dty. November IX
19C3. by tbe P^ev. Edwto F. Brown. Alfred
Rcas aad Annie Lead, both cf Saa Froa-
claco.
V»*HITE— HAIXT— Ia tiis dty. November 14.
1903. fcy the "Rsv. Gecrg* W. White. Edwari
, A. WhUe asd LccJse K. Ha>y. both ef Saa
Fraac'sco.
DIED.
Bahrt. Martia Monteith. Jases
Baxter. Patrtck Mw, Newtoa C
BoeJtowltx, Ella MuUer. Margaret
Casevaro, Frani NlchoU Jai=»a
Cocheferes. Petir O'Halioran. Mary
OxineOy. Claire L. Olsca. Annette
Ccrbett. William A. J»ierc«. Orestes
Cottrell. Hecry Pcxieitrer. John
D*nie=y. Ma^gi- Rydea. Frederick E.
-Fitzgerald. Richard Schow. Walter
Haag. Carl F. Efcala. Aatcn T
I£eiz»:a, Hecry E.L. Sadth, Lasjioa P
KeC45ck. Edacad Easithlaad. Jase
Keadrick. Jslia E. Tona*y. P.-J.-
McCaCnpy. Correllns Van TasselU Emma
M-rFaxland. Hcgn Walsh. Stephen
McJICUn. Gladys M. Wetr. Frances E.
Merrtttr George A. . Zleffeliaeyer, as tea
actcheil. Michael . "«
I BAUBT— Ia tils dty, NorerAer 13, 1903. Mar.
tia. beloved tasbaad of Johazna. Eatrt.
father of Henry. Fred. Joha a&d Martia
Bahrt Jr.. and brotner ot Mrs. F. Cross aad
Gostave Bj.J-.rt. a native of Labeek. Oer-
csany. aged S4 yeara 6 sseaths asd S3 .days.
A member of Hanaeey Lodge No. ». A. O-
U. W.. a=d M:*ii :a Turn Vereia.
tyFrien-is aad. acqsaiztaaces are respect-
fdly tsvittd to attead the funeral t&-<lay
«ScscU7). at gu» o'clock, fraa the partera
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
(Successors to FTanaagan to Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNTKAL DIRECTORS AND EHBAUIERS.
23 FUts st.. ccpo«tte Liaecia tchacL
Telephcne Effoth &a.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Dtrectcr* and Embalmerg.
Formerly ia MctroooiitaaXTetnirfe.-
Now at MX MISSION. Tel. South ltC.
Between Foorta aad Filth, near Fifth st. .
Finest K-yilfcoesu at Moderate Bates.
F. J- lloeahan. Presidect.
MONAHAN & CO.,
One.) - '"
FTTNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEHS. ,
233»-2Jil Mtesicn st. TelepH^ae aUssios-SL i
T. J. Slcaahaa, Preatieai
of H- F. 5cir * CO.. 1137 Mission street,
beiw«ca S*ves:b and KUrata. Inxenoent I-
O. O. F. C<n«;rjr.
KARMO^^^ Lolze No. 9, A.'O. V. VT.—OtSl-
c*rs and joetnttr* are requested ta attena
th» fmeral of cor late brother. Martia
Bahrt. frrr-a the faaeral partora of H.- F.
Sohr & Co.. U37 Mlasten street, at 2 o'clock.
By order - W. W. DRETER. M. W.
C. S. PENN. Recorder.
BAXTER— Ia this citr. Novetnber 12. 19«S.
Patrick Baxter, a native cf Ireland, aged
7* year*.
rTThe faspral win take rlace. to-day
<Su»Ia7). at 1 o'clock, from the parlors cf
McFadiea. M;Er«?arty t Green. 1171 Mission
street, between Seventh- and EirhtX theace
IS St. Jcwrh's Cimrcfc for servicea at t;30
o'clock. latermeat Holy Cress Cemetery.
BCSKOWITZ— In this CIS". November 13. 1303.
Ella, beloved wife cf Frank Boskowtta. ana
noiber cf Dr. Gtsorre H. Bcsiowltx. a na-
tive of RJchmcE/i. Va.. aged C2 yean- 8
months and 24 day*.
CyFrie=ds are respectfully Invited to at-
tend tie fuaeral Sunday, at 9:3* o'clock.
from her lat» reiideace. 1701 Pest street-
Please omit Cswers.
CANEVARO— la this dty. November 10. 1303..
Frank, dearly beloved soa ef Gicvaani aaJ
Gercnlma CaceTaro. aad brother cf Baptiste,
Nlehclaj. Katii an-J Nelcheaa Cacevaro, a-
native cf Zcaxil. Italy, aged 24 years 9
cog the and 13 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are resiiect-
foliy ' iavited to attend the faaeral Sunday.
N*iesnber 15. 13C3. at 1 o* clock, from his
late resideoce. 533 Greenwich strtet. Bear
Stocktca. Interment New Itallaa Cemetery.
COCEEFORES— Ia thia dty, November 14.
i-.-^-.J. Peter Cochefores, beloved neishew oi
Gecrge Charhulofl. a native of Creeee. aged
2* years 6 moatas and 5 days.
C7Frieais and acju*lataa«s are respect-
fully lav.ted to attead the funeral service*
Monday. November lu, .1303, at 1 o'clock, at"
the nicrtuary chajel of Jultos S. Godeaa. 2S6
Montgomery avenue. Interment Servian
Cemetery. ' .
CONNELLY— la this city. November 14. 1903.
Cfaire Uillaa, yocagest, aad dearly beloved
daughter cf Jcha F. asd Catheriae S.. Cca-
nelly. aad sister of Joha F. Jr. aad Mart
pu^rttc C. Ccr-t-eHy, a native cf Saa Fraa-
ciactv cetd S taonthj and 1<> days.
CTFrfends and actr^aintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral tc-mcrrow
fMonday). at »:20 o'clock, from the resl-
deiic* of fcer car«=.ta. 15X3 Fifteenth street.
b«twe<»a Ml^s'.ca and Howard. Interment
private.
CORBETT— Ia this city. November 13. 13G3.
-Wiiiiarii A., beloved sen of Joha C. aad Mary
A. Corbett. a native cf £aa Francisco. age<l
42 y-ears ard S mcafia.
CTFrteTuis a2d aeqsaiataaces are respect-
fully invited to attead the funeral to-day
(Suaday). at II o'clock, from the parlors of i
the Pacific- Undertakers. 777 Miaslsn street.
Isteras-ict Holy Cries Cemetery.
COTTRELL — In Oakland. November 13. 1900.
Heary. beloved kasbaad cf Cynthia Durfee
Cottre'.!. and fa^ier of Harry D. aad Fred-
erick Cottrell. a catrve of Newuoct, R- I..
aged €3 years '7 months and 17 days.
C7"Fri<a^3 a=d scqualntaaces are reepect-
fuiiy invited t3 attead the fuaeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at his lat«
residence. 101* Filbert street, Oa.kUad. la-
terrn-rnt private.
DEMENT— Ia this eity. November 12. 1308,
Mag^te LVrr-ery, beloved wife of Joseph.
Deraecy. ard daaghter-ta-law of Mra. C.
D^rEenv. a native of Saa Francisco, aged 33
y*ars 2 months aad 11 days.
C7Fr;«ai» aad aencaintaaeas' are respect-
fully invited to attend the f=aeral service*
Suniay. November 15. at I o'clock, at tb«
mortuary chac«l of Jullia S. Godeau. 3ti6
Mustgotaery avecue. latermcat Msvat OU-
vet Oeicetery.
FITZGERALD — la this dty, November 13.
1&03. Richard D., beloved hasbasd cf Emily
F-.tzgeraid, and father of Mrs. Charles
KrietE. a native of Loadca, r't 1 '*"*. aged,
C4 y«ars.
H-VAG— Ia this city. Nsrember 12. 1S03. Cari
F^ telcved h^-band cf Louise Haag. father
of wn=*lmlna L. Haag. aad fcrcth*r cf Mrs.
J<*a F'snk and Mrs. R.-bert Adazis. a na-
tive cf Wurtemberg. Germany, aged 34 years
10 months and 3 days. A member of Saa
Fracclsco Schwabea Vereia and Butchers'
Uni-n No. 115.
CTFrl€ni» a=d «ctp:atBtar:c« are respect-
folly Isvived to a:tia<i the funeral to-day
i Sunday >. at 2 o'clock, frosi San Fraaclsco
Turn Vereia Hall. 223 Turk street, where
services win b* heM nad»r the aasplces of
Saa Francisco Schwaben Verein. latermect
L O. O. F. Cemetery. Retrains at the pa*-
Icirs o« H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission
street, t^tweea Seventh and Eighth.
HEXN'sSN— In this city. November 1*. 1S03. j
H«iry E. U. belave-i husband cf tfc« late ;
Anna Maria Heinaac. and father cf Charles
Uelnsen. a. mtlie of Hamburg. Germany.
ag»-<l 72 years and 3 months.
EEXOCK — Ia this city. November 14. 1SQ3.
Ednnicd. belove.1 a^c ct GustaVe acd Aa-
tcnia Heaock. and brother of Aatoata aad 1
Eila Herwck. a aatlTe of Saa FraacUco. |
aged « days.
KENDRICK— Ia this city, Ncv«=ber 13. 1900* |
Jdia Elizabeth, beiove-1 daughter of Michael |
aad Ju'ta Kendrick. aad c!s;rr cf Wiilianj.
Jaciea. Mary. Rc*» and Joha Kendrick, a na-
tive of Saa Francisco, aged 4 months.
McCAFFRET — In this city, November 13. 1903.
Cornelias McCaCrey. a rative of BalUaa-
mcre. County Leltrlm, Ireland, ag«d 71
year*.
CyFriemis and acqnaintanee« ar» respect-
fully invited to attead the funeral to-morrow
(il^aday). at 1O:3W o'clock, froei th» Chapel
cf tie Passion, attached to St. Mary's Hos- I
pital. where a solemn requiem mass will be !
celebrated for the rei)cs» cf fcls eoul. com- j
K«aci=s- at 7 o'clock. latenaeat Holy Cross
Cemetery, by 11:30 o' clack trala froia Ttird
and Townsemi streets. ReraaiEs at the par-
lors ot M:Avcv & Co.. 1233 Market street,
between Eighth asd Ninth.
; McFARLAND — In this eity. November 12. 19O3,
Haga. t<eloved huJbaivi of Maggie McFar-
laai aad father of Thomas McFariand. a
native el County Leitrta, Irelaad. sjred 55
years. A mc-mber of the Young Mea's
Catholic UcIcb.
C7"Frien(is and acqualataaces are respect-
fully tavliad to attead the faaeral Suaday.
November 13, 1903. at 12 :3O o'clock, from
his late rwidence. 61 Colton street, thence
to St Jcserh's Cnurca for services, eoca-
meneiag at 1 o'clock. latenaeat Hoiy Cross
Cemetery.
\ LOYOLA Assrably No. 1. Yoca? Mea's Catho-
lic Unioo — Officers and members are hereby
.--• ::".~.-i to assemble at Loyola w«!i, corner
Tenth and Market street*, at 12 o'clock to-
cay iSacday>. to attend the faaeral of oar
<ieceased brxber. Haga McFariand. Fines
for nca-attendance will be strictly enforced.
Members of Leo Assembly are iavtted to at-
tead. Per order
JAMES A. BHIEN. President. .
J. H. O'CONNOR. Rec. Sec
McMILLAN — Ia this city. November 13. 1903.
Gladys M.. bel.jved child of Samoel W. and
Annie McMillan, and sister of Bertie aad
Willie McMillan, a E&tive cf San Francisco,
ag>d S years.
CTFaceral private, Monday. November 15.
13«W, at 11 o'clock, from the residence of her
parents, 706 Ccrtland av»cu«. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, fcy carriages.
: MERRITT— In this city. November 13, 1903.
George A. Merritt. beloved husband of Susan
Herr.zz, a native of Pennsylirasia. aged £2 ,
years. (San D1*go and Ashtabcla. Ohio,
papers please copy.)
C7 Friends acd actrsalatances are respect -
fullv invited to attend the funeral to-day
<5uiiday). «t 12^0 o'clock, from hU Late
rfsideace. 322 Hayes street. Cremation O44
Fellows' Cemetery.
LOCAL 422. V. A. Joarneyiaen Plumbers, j
Gas and Steam Fitters — Officers aad mem-
bers: Too are hereby cotiaed to attend the
fuaeral Of ocr deceased brother. Geoixe A.
L Merritt. fiaaday. November 15. at 12:30
e'dock, fnxa his late resMezce. 322 Hayes
itreet. Flse for non-atterdaace.
T. J. FARHELU Prttlient.
Ll MISKEL, Secretary.
MITCHELL— In Visaiia. CaL, November 13,
1903, Michael Mitchell, dearly beloved'
•rotber of Patrick, Jobs. Pet»r and Bridget
Mitch#n. Mrs. J. Barrett. Mra. J. Ackee,
Mrs. P. McGclrs and Tbomas Mitchell of
Warr-a Coaaty. Pa., a native of Coucty
Lettria. Irelaad. ajred S3 years.
C7Friesi > s a&d acqualntaccea are respect- '
fully la-rtted to attend the funeral to-day
(Soaday). as l?:3O o'clock, from the parlors i
of tbe PadUe Undertaken, 777 Mission
street, tienrr* to St. Patrick's Churcii for
servtcm. Ir.terment" Holy Cross Cemetery.
A Hlesa requiem mass will be celebrated
for tne rrpca? oi. hi* *oul Mccday. November
14. at 9 o'clock, at St. Patrick** Cfcttrch.
MONTETTH— la tht« city, November 12. 1903,
James, beloved husband of Pauline . Mcn-
tcith. and bnwher of Andrew E. Mantelth.
a native of Tyrooe. Ireland, axed 'ii years
and 21 days.
C7Fnenxis and actrualstancea aad raeas-
bers ct Bay- City Ledge No. 619, Knights
of Hoacr. aad of Hartaccy Lodge Xo» 127,
L. O. L., are resvKxlully taviud ta attend
the faaeral services Suaday. November 15,
19<A at 0.Z9 o'clock, at the ehapel of Charles
H. J. Tranaa.lt Co.. 130© Mission street.
between Fifteenth and Sixteenth. Intenaeat
Cypresa Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
MOORE — la thla city, November -14v. 1903.
Newton Ca dwell, beloved aad only son ot
Charles C. and Lillian Bercice Moore, a na-
tive of Saa Fraocltco. aged 7 years 9
mccths and 7 days. •* ¦ . "~* *
C7 Notice of faaeral hereafter. - •
! 1TCLJL.ER. — la this city. November 13. 194S.
ilarirar't. yoongest aad dearly beloved i
daughter of August aad Lizzie Mailer, sister
of Loui«* MuUer. and graaddacghter of Mrs.-;
A. E. Miner cf FruitvaJe. a native of Frslt- !
vale. CaL, aged 2 iscotha asd 11 days. . |
C7Friesds and acquaintances art respect-
fnUjr tevtt*J ta attend th« faneral to-day
<Saaday), at 12-.3O o'clock, from the rest, i
denee ot *ter Barents. 1SSO Howard street.
between Fourteenth and FlfteentB. later-
Btsnt Mocat OUvet Cemetery.
NICHOL— Ia this city. November 13. 1903.
Ja.T «¦«. twloved hastaad of Rase NlchoL' a
cative cf Ir*la=a. aged 52 years. A member ,
ot Riggers' aad Stevedores* Unica. Local No.
SSS. I_ L. M. aad T. AfsodaUoa. . . ¦
C?"Tne foaeral win take place Tuesday'!
November 17, at 10 o'clock, from' the par-
lurs c£ J. C. O'Connor A Col, 7CZ Mlssloa
street.
ffHAliOP-UI- la tfci* city. November "l2.
;-, I»J3. Mary CEailoran. a native <rf Irelaad.
aged 5<i years. A n«ab»r of the Ladies"
j Sodality of St. IjraatJas Ciarch. - -
SIT Remains at th« parlors ot Mcfaddea.
UcBrearty * Or~n. U71 Miasma street be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
OLSOX— Ia Redlands. Cai, Xovember 10. 1303.
Ancette." beloved wife of B. W. OIsoc. aad
r^ter ef C: F.r and G. "Armstrong. Mrs.
Petersca and Urs. Acsa Aaderscn,
a native of Swedes, aseti ta years 4 aoatij
and 6 iays. "-
S3T Friends and acqsafntar.cea are respect-
fally invited to attend » the fan-ral to-<iay
c=ur:ia>!. at 1 o'clock. ' trom _ the faaeral
carlors ct Busker 4 Lent. 56C4 VissUn
street. t«.rre«3 Twenty-second and Twsity-
tblrd. iUssica Masonic T«aple,_ Istenaest
. Cypress Lawn Cemetery-
FXEBOE — In Oakland. November It. 190S.
Ortatf-s Pierce, beloved hssband of Sally
McKee Plerc*. a native of Maine, axed 50
years S months aad J days. .
E7"Fc£eral will tike clae* from his resi-
dence ca Ver^otx Helshts at t o'doclt en
Morttiir. N*remb«r tS. Intertaeat prlvata.
POXLEITXKR — In . tiia" city. November 13.
1903, John Poxleltaer, beloved husband of
the late Marraret Pcxleitner. acd foster-
'ather o< Mrs. 1^. Taeis. a native of Bavaria.
G-rmany. ared T» years 4 Doatha aad SI
days- <St- LcsIs.^Mo.. papers please copy.)
ryFrieads and actjnalataacea ara respecl-
f«Ily iavitui to attead the fsaeral to-day
(Saaday). at 12i30 «"elocit. from his lata
re-ideac*. M0 1 ! Jeaste street. c2 Seventh,
thence to St. 3c: si face's Church. Galira. Gata
arcane, near Jones street, for servicea. Maas
will be celebrated Monday. Xove=.ber IS.
1S03, for th« repose of his soul, eomjaeaclajf
at S o'cloci. Ic tensest Holy Cross Cesae-
t«ry.
RTDEN— Ia this city. Novetaber 12. 19C3.
Frc<teri<i E-. t4tto»ed husband of Ena Ry-
~ der father of Francis Rydea. aad brotner cf
Albert. Frank A.. Richard U.. Oscar. Rosa
L. May A. and Emily B. Rydea aad Mrs.
HUda Tfcora. a eattve or Califorala, ag»d 34
years 2 nsontas aad 12 days.
E7"Friends and acquaintaaces are resii«ct-
fci'y Invited ta- attwirt the faceral Scaday.
Norersber 15. at 1^0 oTciock. froax the par-
lors of Vaie&te, Marial to Co.. 1524 Stocktaa
§ cr»et. cader the ansztoes cf the Rigger*
aad etereiores' Caioa Asaxlatlon. Icter-
aient Mosat OlKet- Ceaaeterr. • . . .
ECHOW— la this city. November 14, 19C3. Wal-
' ter. dearly -belcved sea of Andrew aad Julia,
M. Sclajw, acd brother, of. AUna • Schow, a
- satire cf Saa Francisco* aged 8 r-rmthj aad
21 days.
SHCLA— Ia this city. Noveraber 14, 1903, An-
toa Thcmas. beloved soa cf Anton aad Alice
A. B. Saula. a native o? Saa -FraadscOk
a^d -9 years 5 tncath* and 21 days.
SMITH — In Berkeley. November 14. 1903.
Lasi-dcn P Saiith. belcrred husband ct Car-
rie Smith, a native of Toledo. Oteio, aged 53
years acd S deaths. tToIado. Ohio, papers
please copy.) . •
CTFrteods are reraeetfuny lavtted to at-
tend the fnseral ilooday. Noresnber !«. at 1
o'clock, fsora fcts late residence. 2155 Vlae
street. Berryrr.an station. Berkeley.
EiIITHLANt>— In this ctty. November 14.
1303, Jaae Sniithlaad. beloved sister of WU-
liain Murray, a native o( Cou&ty Dowa, Ire-
Itod. aged Id y*ars. .
CT'Friea'ls ac<I acqaaiatances ar» reapect-
fulty lavtted to attend tbe fuaeral to- niorrow
Ilionday), at S;30 o'clock, from her late
resliaaoe, 120 T*w«nty-eigath street. - between
Dolores and Orarch. theace to St. Parti's
Caarch, wtere a solemn resales* higs csass
will be celebrated for tbe rsposs of her soal.
ccmice=.ci£« at 9 o'clcci. Ictermeat Hoty
Cross Cern-tery.
TORifETr — P. 3. Tbnaey. Frteada are Isvlted-
to attend a month's ratnd reijaletn -raasa
Monday. November 16, at 8 o'clock, at
Sacred Heart Cicrcfc. Fell aad FtHmore
streets. - >
"VAN TASSEli-— Ia this city. November 12.
1>:C. Eiama Starr, dearly belov»d wife of
Theodore Van TaaseH. aad mother of Theo-
dore Starr Philip L. aad Florence Van Tas-
sell aod the late Mrs. Edward WaiawrUfct
Cracsoo aad Seattle papers please copy.)
CTFua-ft-al servicea Sunday. November 15.
at 2:30 o'clock, at her late residence. 10C9
£cott «tr»et. Intenaeat nrrrate.
! -WALSH Ia this dty. November" 14. 1903.
gtephen. beloved soa of Julia aod the late
£t*oh<3 C. MTaUi. aad brother of Nlcaolaa.
Frank aad Rose Waiah. aad Mrs. XV. A. j
Blaksty, a native cf Saa Francisco, aged 32
years.
CTTSe fuatral will take clace to-taorraw
Olcaday). at 10:30 o'clock, frets the parlors
ef J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mlaaioa street.
IaUrmeat Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock traia frcra Third aad Towosead
streets.
WEIR — Ia Berkeley. November 13. 1903. Fraa-
ces E.. telored wife of W. K. "Weir, and
mcther of R. J. and Loretta Weir, a native
of California. as*i 44 years.
C7 Friends and aocuaiataaces are respect-
fully Invited to attead the faaeral servlcea
Sunday, Nove=sfc*r 15. 13«B. at 2^0 o'clock,
at St. Mark's EBisccDal Chareh. corner of
Baacrofc way acd Ellsworth, street. Berke-
ley. Iutwrneat private!.
I ZIEGELMEYEK— In this dty. November 14.
1S<B. at fcis residence. 1523 <>>Idea Gate ave-
nue, between Pierce. aad Sect* atreetJ. 'An-
ton Zieselneyer. fceljved hastand of the late
Mary Zier-I^'J^r, father of Mrs. R. J. E*-
pei. aaJ rrsiridfatfc-r c* Mrs. W. H. Pratt, a
native ot Alsace, af?d 79 years <* xaoaths
and 24 days.
CARD OF THANK3.
MAHLER — We" herewith desire to exsress cir
heartfelt fha-,tc< ta the rr.r.ry kiad frieaila.
aad esi«clally tfce cficers aad members of
Eureka Lodse No. it. K. ct P* Gennania
Club acd Court El Dorado No. SI. F. ef A^
who gave so many ev1ii«nces of their heart-
felt aad-coaaXofting tyisftfcy and t«*aU'uV-
Coral efferiurs i^rtnz the sad hoars of ocr
¦fc«reaveE*t:t of loving hzstaad aasl father,
Jcha D. JIahWr.
ims. dora maht.hr.
GLADTS MAHLER.
CARrr OF THANKS.
' PETTTS— We desire to extend oar heartfelt
t»^r:;r« to tJ>« maay kiad friends who gave
1 «o many evidences of their very sincere and
comforting «ymp»tfcy and beautiful floral cf-
ferisw during the sad hocrs of oar bereave-
ment of loviar wife aad daughter. LyiU
SchalXke Ptttus.
T. A. PETTUS,
MRS. F. W. SCHAXJXE.
I _„._.__
KAXLWAT TTRAYZIt.
tHave you
a friend !
in Chicago or Boston
cr Kansas City or any-
where else, for whom \
you wan: to buy a ticket
io i».i> ciiy. ¦
If you have, call at
th;s oisce and let us f
arrange matters for you.
: You deposit Wish us-
enough money to cover
transportation, as also in-
cidental expenses of the
journey; we co the rest. i
'3« i 3»^^Scy F W. Trfcwrw-.,
. £c; Mir'cr: Scrret,
I "
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
TrsUsa leave »n« avre due to »rrir« m*
SAX FBA.NCISCO.
Qtaia L&e. Toot o< Market Strw* > >
tnT» — r»*»» Oc-Tja«» a. DO. — >»arr»
7-fiO* sVatels. &«U*a. E^aaa aai *»er»-
nesto ..... it -— — !¦ i ¦ Z-%?*
7X0* TscaTtlle. W!bmt». BssMey- 7*»
7-5C* Maruaea. 8*a £asos. V*;;-l* --»_
7-53» SEes. Uversrere. Trscy. Latitrw. '
izocizsn 7-T5'
!K» D«Tia.TC9ccUa4. KaJcaa Laa.if*fe
Marysrtse. Orovtue
. SCO* AataUcRxyJuss Oydea »ad tas*. 18-»»
3 JO a Pen Casts. Uart&tca. Aatfeea, By-
roa.Tracy.3«>cXiJB.*»i:r*=ie3afc
Sevisaa. Les Basoa. Meadaca,
Arswaa, L«m«or«. HasSsrt.
YisaUa. PonerrtU* „.„...- <IV
8 53* Pvn Co#ta> KirSaes. Trury. I*t>
' ray, Hedtno. Mrrce*. Trssa*.
Goaars jBaceaa. L*«oore. Haa-
fart. TI»aya. BascnseU 4*.
S-55* Et«ta trpres*— D»rU. w;:;;»as«
<fsr Bmxi eprto»i>. wciaws.
trratxK Be4 Blii2. Portlsaa 7-5S*
1-50 a 5Ces. Saa Jes*. Ur«rBer«. Start-
t.- ! i.Ioa«, 5«cr*=i-a«».r: tetrKZe.
MarytTiIIe. C&te*. Bs4 Bia2 «J5»
i^8a Citii:-. Ch:=ese, Jasestcrva. 5o-
botv Tw>i3»«e t = i Aaz^s ..... «-f5r
9X0* Ui-Ci«uiWijiuUci i 9 lir
10-«a V»a«jo- t2-2»»
¦:aea»- *
Tsct. cera. jrsreaea. BT*dx
Traey. Latars^ 3tocct«a>
Merzi*. CijiBowi. Tnwam. Uta-
tsnt. Vid, BaXerss<«i. Lm
A a *-?:»* * fwesv
Wcadsrrrr^s t!»e»... «U»>
10*8* Tie OrerUad LE=tte4 — usda*.
Dearer. Oraaba. Cataacs. — f-23*
1Z4J0x Bsyward. X::ffs sa4 W«y ata^ass. I*.
ttXSr S«ersKe3ee R*.Tcr *t*sat*rs_ Tll*»r
5J0f Beaida. Wfciww. Sacna-ata.
Waod^ad. Ka!«srs I^ntta*. .
JiaryivSle. OrovBU iii way '
l*«t*'7TI* „ ... ~ !»•»*
SJCf Esrwar*. SUe» sad W»ySt»tfc!«*.. 7-Si»
3 33^ Port Cost*. Mareaex. Byroa.
Tracy. L»rarB>. M»d«»*^
Xerced. Fresno »a< ?•y St»-
rices b*Toaa Pon Co«a ... 12 75*
J33r Martrwa. Trmrr. atsektsa. L*C^ 13 25*
*CC? M«rtlssx,SaaKA«7a.V»iIeJo k 5*psv
CsCsMr*. SastaB***.. ? S*
< O? 3»Ees. Tracy. Svjeisca. Lo«a Ww
444p Hsywrnrt JCK«». Irrtajw*. Ssal **-***
Jo»e. L!»*raiM^ . I II 1.54*
5 C3» Ta« O»l Uailie*— Xewsaa. Lm
Caao«. Mf-s^oia, Trwa<w TaUra.
B***r»S5:.t Ixs Att^Se* .MS*
5 £2r Tort Caata. Tncy. dsacktoo .^^». l2-iS»
*S Z3? EiTTirt XUe* aa4 Saa «o«« «,.««. i7.m
?££Tp UsyTxrd.9nssaal Saa J«««. 13 JS*
«Cf Ortntal M».1— Qfitn. D«avsr.
Omsaa, S4. Los.*. CIUca«* aad
z^mJZ. Port Costa. Bealda. »a:-
ssa. Zlatir*. I>»tb. gsenaeaut
B*<illa. Astn.-a. Cc'.'ix.
Tncte*. B»ea. U«»», W»d».
wcnX WtiKaacci. Built
M^caaia. viii — — ~ «J8»
S CO- VkHeJo. <UEy. nxrsx S-iai»j.... ! 7 rr,
rj> Vt'.'liJtUJraitT — ? " < ~
743J, s*a p»il», Psrt Coats. MTtfiwa —
»a-i w» y 5:*::o2.v — 112S*
I C5? Orer» * CaUfara!* Ex7res»-«a«-
raac&U. Maryrrde. e**4Sa& _
PurU»3<l.P«k«(5-3a2d»al£aK. 141a
31O H*r»«nl»5ae*ft*13aa Ja*el>«»
c>y«a:y> — . t!-8»*
COAST LINE UUrr«w «aa«a>
f Foot »f M*rte; SsreeQ
••15* Hewmrk. Cea^rr^Iel S»a Joa«.
Telltm. Bs:.4f Creek. a»*U
Cr«i »=4 w»y ;:sOs>si itir
fT-tlr X«-»»ri. Ce32errUl*. Saa Jos%
Xew Ala»^I«a.l«4 GiM*.r-:voa.
Bsc!4«r Cr»-». easts Cns asd
Prtseisal w»» StaUoos _^ 10-JS* "
4 J5-- 5*w»ri. Saa Jcae. Lm aasoa aad
way ntOomfl ... _......„ tt-Si *
r3 3Cr Hasten Trv=. £*t=rtl*y oa'.r. Saa
J •¦** sad Way *»t: ja»- Ssaday
oely retara* froa Lm GatM .... 17 IS*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
J ram » AJi * UA> O£<.0» i co: »f Varkn *». ' 5 2p*i
-4tia *S» U.CVaJl. 1X0 3 CO 5-lSr^.
froa oi^iAJD, iici of Bra»r»»y — «:• 3:«
'»:«> »:«*.«. it CO 2 00
COAST LINE 'Braad tus*.s. T"
g- ( raartf *jrf T«»wa»cad 8tr— ta. j
6.10* 5Mi«MtiilWt7SuCc» IK»
7 63* Sm Jo«< «-i Way Stadoaa. fjtP
1 CO* S« v A::a*<i-» fTses, Wi. oir^ 4.1 «r
1X0* CsastLlaeUa^ted— S*opssaiy*»a
J«s*. GS-ot (ea&aeetlua far H<H-
ttstsr}. P»;*r«. CaatrvrSSc 8a>
Baas. 3as Arda, Pas* JtaMaa>
E*at* Maiganta^iaa Lato OMsga.
rrtset?sj stsUcas tittace 8or<
<essaectia« far Laepoe) prime*
Mi «uilcai Ueaea testa B*r-
nra asd Lea Aac^ea, Coaa«e>
t:ra as CastrsTCitt to aad ftaa
Moav»r«j tad P»:ile 6r-r»- it-CW *
5. CO* 5*a Jcm. Tr« PtaM. C^*ss4a>
S as n Cr »i. P *d icGror-. 3* :t 3 *«.
Saa LaU utUpo aad Prtac^ai
Wsy Ststtocs ...... ............. »-i •
19^0* Saa/eMaa4«WayB«atI*«a>. 1.2*
11 ii* Saa:a Clara. Eta J*»e. Lm 6atM , _^
asd Way suu«i - ,' . ,n. 7-itt
1 -3Qr Saa isi* isi w»y Suaos* 149a
JXCr P*c!2cGrOTsEijf»»»— 5*al»CIara
r*a Jc**. Set lf«a(e. Vsatervy.
PsclSe 6»Tf Cnnim uSaata
Clara, (er S*ata Cni. B-xilIir
Cre«k sad Sint*6at«rtttal
st CUrey for Ro:::«:er. Tr«a
P'j**. at CarsrvvCla far Sa^as. 1 2-15»
UJf GU.-37 Way P*w*i{*r 113 AS*
t<4 5? £13 Jcse, (tU Stsu Gtnj La*
tiasea. asd Frtaeraal Way St*.
i _^ Ooas («ssew taaday* t«i
1540r SaaJcaesadPr^tfs>iWayStatioaa rt-5O*
f.Cer ism: Li3ii;«e. Eu^otat- Sa
LBUOMM.eautarttn.LM
a:f e!e*. bcmlac XI P*m. 9ra<
Cr-.caas. 5 rv Tor k. (Wsssbosad
arrrrcsTUs*aJ>aa«taTftUe7)... *JiS*
•S Mr SaaMatc«k,BertsAri>e£aa«i.Saa
Carlct. Be^vaod. l*iz Oaks,
MeaiaPirt PaioAlto **4t »
CJSr SasicMaaadWeySSatloBa^ C-M*
11.3Cr3o<i^S«arrsaci#>».KHlkr«a.B<tr- ,
!::*-»=». fiaa M»:^. BeEsoat,
S«a Cariov Bed.»o»id. y »!r Oaka, ,
Mj::o Park, aad Y*> a::» I Air "
•1 V3> MijC*:^. Xjiaa'i Tle-». 3=2 ay-
Safjo*^...^. tMlf.
A fir M jraiaj. P for Aiurxotm.
: Saadar aaly.
rStas* t aU ttatinns ea 9xa£ay.
ta«34ay«3M<c4. «• 3*t«r*»y aaty.-
*> • * Coast Lta- . « vr » ;• ia J 3*^213 Ts2«y. Z .
0"Oaly lt»:;j tto^tas; *: Takncsa St. soataaaaad '
»x«i:u*.x-t::Xji.ji,;::x*.»..::jj?*.»iii »? a.
[g|pK^a| TO SAN RAFAEL
SgHgEfeggjgggE ria Sausall^j Ferry.
r>pan irtac Saa Fraaelso> ****?-. ***¦ *:*&
a-dij 10-U) ll-CO a. ea.. 12:3>. l.«k 3.1%
rv»»'»— 4-5S OriJ T;W 9^* »:35. IIn»
r^«^?"» :«ft:». * ; ** 4:^ S: **- e:U *
TO SAX Tt^
CISCO— Daily — S-*3. *^a*. • t5 — _*r^U i"S*~
• »:W 1. a. wee* -day* CarWre tad way
! «tatl<jas
515 p. ra. rat «ay» Oatsrfays cxc*ptcd>—
Tcmalea aad way ttatia&a.
*:li p. b. Satardars Cinitwro asd *wax
statiAas - *
Sustaya esslr— 10'a. aa.. Ptetat E«y«a aad
' wu statifloa.
. TICKET O7TTCE— «M Marxet «t-
FSRRT—Caicn Depot, foot aJ.3taftst.st.
! Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Lavt ra taain Jmry ' ¦ .\rrrre
> SaaFraacaco f»trf«*rt^a. SaaFraacbcaa
: Wee* I Ssa- era Saa- IWaek
' fiSSa HIoiVfoITci
ll:oo* \£E§§r * so '•-•*«»
• — _— 1:43? a:aOf|.
? ; tMa* «k» *r 8*y»«af¥g»wiM»
I TICUT I O> Maxjcct Sr,;.N"*rti Sacre Kadnad)
I msm laadSAWAuroFqgr, Face tfattat ScEastern Hall of the Shlels building, when
there will be a good programme of music,
songs and literary numbers for the pleas
ure of all that attend.
! Golden Gat© Circle of . the "Women of
Woodcraft has arranged an "at horn©' 'to
be given on next Friday evening in th©
Women of Woodcraft.
j Owing to lack of work in the School De
partmaat repair shop the Board of Edu
cation yesterday notified the Board of
Public Works that It will be obliged to
dispense with the services of two paint
em, two carpenters, three helpers and
three plumbers, th© same to take effect
at once.
Lays Off Tea "Workmen.
The board is of the opinion that some
¦ort of action should be taken In the case,
es It fears that the discipline of the de
partment will suffer unless something is
done. The majority of the board Is disin
clined to take drastic measures against
Miss Murray, as it is believed that she
used the objectionable language regard-
Ing Mrs. Ostrom under stress of great ex
citement. The school directors, however,
feel that an apology at least Is due from
Miss Murray to Mrs. Ostrom. and In that
•vent the Incident in all probability will
be closed.
The exclusive publication In yesterday's
Call of the story that Miss Elizabeth
Murray, assistant supervisor of drawing,
had threatened Mrs. L D. Ostrom, a
teacher in the Fremont School, with bodi
ly violence, created a sensation In school
circles. One important point that was
Inadvertently omitted In the article was
the fact that Miss Murray acknowledged
*rterward to the entire board that she
had used the offensive language which
President Woodward first heard.
Tbe board fears that If a rehearing Is
printed to Mrs. Greenan such action will
have the effect of restoring her to her
standing In the department, as otherwise
•the board would have no jurisdiction over
her. In that event Mrs. Greenan would
thaw salary without any corresponding
*ervlees. The point is a fine one and may
be referred to the City Attorney for ad
judication. In the meantime the board
Brill issue notices to the parents and oth
ers interested In the case to appear on
fome date yet to be designated and show
cause why Mrs. Greenan should not be
granted a rehearing. Should the prepon
derance of evidence on that point be
against Mrs. Greenan, then the board
would feel Justified in not granting her
petition.
MISS MTJBBAY TO APOLOGIZE.
OBJECT TO BETBIAX.
Another former principal against whom
certain parents have objected to the
board is Mrs. Rebecca Greenan, ex-prin
cipal of the John W. Taylor School, who
has petitioned for a rehearing of the
t harg^E upon which she was dismissed
from the department some two years agro.
Several parents of pupils of the school
named waited on the board Friday and
forcefully oppostd the granting of Mrs.
Greenan's petition. They argued that the
matter had been disposed of and should
be allowed to rest.
The parents of pupils attending the
South End School have filed a petition
with Superintendent of Schools Langdon
requesting that Mips Jean A. Dwyer, act
ing principal of the school, be removed
from her position. Miss Dwycr was re
cently accorded a public hearing on a
charge of having severely punished a
pupil and the Board of Education has the
case under consideration and is expected
to render a decision in a few days.
With the evident desire to prevent a
decision favorable to Miss Dwyer the pa
rents to the number of twenty-five have
appealed that she be transferred to some
other ephere of usefulness in order that
peace may descend on the school. In
their petition the parents allege that
MIfs Dwyer's trial demonstrated that she
is possessed of an ungovernable temper
and that it would be for the best inter
ests of the pupils that she be removed.
The Board of Education is in a quan
dary as to what disposition to make of
the case. Miss Dwyer is only an acting
principal and is destined to retire from
the place on the return of th© regular
principal. Miss I. E. Coles, who Is now oa
a leave of absence, and will assume her
duties et the beginning of the new year.
It is understood that Director Woodward
does not think that Miss Dwyer should
be harshly dealt with on the cruelty
cliarge. while Director Roncovieri thinks
otherwise. Directors Mark and Walsh
are non-committal, but it Is quite within
the bounds of likelihood that there will
be a deadlock when the matter comes to
a vote.
Assistant Supervisor of Drawing
Murray May Have to Apologize
to Teacher Whom She
Threatened.
File Protest Against G: anting
a Rehearing to Mrs.
Greenan.
Petition Board of Edu
cation to Remove
Miss Dwyer.
PARENTS ARE
OPPOSED TO
PRINCIPALS
The members ' of Court University of
the Ancient Order of Foresters of Berke
ley have secured Shattuck's Hall for next
Thursday evening, when there will be
Riven an entertainment and dance for the
pleasure of the membership and a large
Berkeley Foresters.
This part of the programme was.'fol
lowed by musical numbers from [ "A
Child's Garden of Verses." The "Gypsy
Love Song," the VSwlng Song',' and the
"Seven Song" were rendered in splendid
voice and with fine effect by Mrs. Tellu
lah Evans . Burrill. This lady, who is
possessed of an exceptionally sweet voice,
who has sung, twice before the royal fam
ily of England, was loudly applauded. .-•
During the session there was an" Inter
esting discussion on section work, but
the club decided that it is not ready as
yet to take up that-line of; work, nor to
make such a radical departure from j the
plan' on which it was' originally organ
ized. . „
At the monthly meeting of the Corona
Club, the ladles' literary organization of
the Mission, "Robert . Louis Stevenson"
was the special subject of the session.
This, however, was preceded by -several
Interesting matters In current topics, po
litical, Mrs. R. F. Treadwell;: literary,
Mrs. E. H. Merrill; scientific, Mrs. John
Wagner, and in the lighter vein, Miss
Alice Norman. - • ¦ - -
The papers on. Stevenson' were: • "As
We Know Him," Mrs: F. A.' McLaughlin";
"Vlrginibus Puerlsque,;* Mrs. L. H. Me
lendy, and "A Lodging for a Night,"
Mrs. T. I* Stanton. Cv.' '¦<'-'¦---;
Interesting Session of the jj Ladies'
Literary Society of the Mission
. District.
ROBEBT LOUIS' STEVENSON
IS CORONA CLUB'S THEME
••' SANTA CRUZ. Nov. 1.— th» Rev. J. R.
Knodell I was to-day appointed chief probation
officer of the county. under, the new law. Into
his custody, were riven three Juvenile offenders,
who ar« accused of taking bicycle*.' t ,j-iv
E. M. Smith, employed by the Harbor
Commissioners as a watering cart driver,
had a day oft yesterday, and he proceeded
to enjoy his day of ~> rest in the good old
style. Then he Journeyed- to the. fqot of
Fourth street, and while gazing longingly
Into the thick mud left. by the outgoing
tide lost his balance '.and fell .overboard.
He grabbed hold of a pole and was finally
rescued bv. bystanders " and sent 'to the
Emergency Hospital. '
Plunges Into the Mud.
The Associated Theatrical Managers of
San Francisco will give their annual
charity benefit next Friday afternoon in
the Columbia Theater. The funds derived
from the benefit will be devoted to the
sick and needy of the profession. The
performance will be a continuous one.
On account of the length of the pro
gramme : it . will start promptly at 1
o'clock. .The attractions are particularly
strong and will undoubtedly fill the
house. . .
'/William J. Kelly, who plays Ben Hur in
the magnificent Grand Opera-house pro
duction, will read General -Lew Wal
lace's thrilling; description of the chariot
race and Miss Julia A. Herne, a daugh
ter of the late James Hqrne and the Es
ther of "Ben Hur," will be heard In so
prano solos. Virginia Harned and her
splendid company will present a bit from
"Nance Oldfleld." .The Alcazar's contri
bution will be the third act of Plnero's
"Lady Bountiful.". .'.
i Rose Melville, the original Sis Hopkins,
and her company will go over from the
California Theater, the best artists from
the Italian' grand opera company now at
the Tlvoli will sing,, supported by the
chorus and. directed by Paul Steindorf,
and the beautiful second act of "At Val
ley Forge," showing Washington crossing
the Delaware, will be staged by the Cen
tral Theater. ,;¦ The Orpheum's contribu
tions i will ; be the ; best turns . known to
modern vaudeville, and the Chutes' share
in . the . programme will be an extraordin
ary acrobatic feature. ¦ •
The sale of seats .will open at" the Co
lumbia Theater; to-morrow.
Associated Theatrical Managers Ar
range Interesting Show for
Charity Fund.
The Mutual Company is in the field to
stay, said Mr. Keefe, is in a prosperous
condition and is not for sale, especially to
the Portland concern.'
The feeling of every member is that the
trust will carry Its bluff into execution.
Daniel F. Keefe, manager of the Mutual
combination, has declared . that the big
trust Is circulating, j rumors that the
smaller concern has. offered to sell to Its
competitor solely for the purpose of dis
couraging the stockholders. Mr. Keefe,
in speaking, for his* company, says that a
slash In prices ' would help the local deal
ers. "'':¦'¦ '- ; \ •¦¦ ,--LL^- 1:... '".
The Mutual Company Is composed of
local grocers and was organized for the
one purpose of fighting the trust in Its
heavy raise In prices.
A dispatch from Portland was published
yesterday stating that the Impending bat
tle would be directed against the Mutual
Biscuit Company of this city and would
be fought until the local" concern was
forced to the wall.
The threat made by the Pacific Coast
Biscuit Company, the headquarters of
which Is at Portland. Or., that It would
slash prices and wage war with San
Francisco dealers Is looked upon by local
grocers as a big bluff on the part of the
combine. -•'":'
Threat of the Trust Is Looked
Upon by Them as a
Bluff. T&%
number of Invited guests. Th© Foresters*
juvenile band of San Francisco will bo
in attendance to render a number of se
lections. In addition there will bo vocal
selections by th» Orpheus Quartet and
specialties by R. Moore of Oakland. th»
Gelder brothers and J. Krlch of Berke**
ley.
SPLENDID PROGRAMME..: ..
. . FOR ANNUAL BENEFIT
LOCAL CRACKEB, DEALERS
INVITE WAB OF PRICES
I .-. : ¦-¦¦-¦
THE SAN PKAlSi CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1903.
44
SALE'S. I HALE'S. * I HALE'S.. j HALE'S., I HALE'S. | HALE'S.
ThanksgivingNextWeekrGhris
Hale's Ready This Week With; What You Want.
What This Occasion Suggests Use Hale's mail order \ . ¦" . — - . ,== *T~ plnfifiplc I n i o -* o a^inr*
Did you ever study stores? Stop department for yOUT d* * /^ j J llCilJlld^ I 11 lW lCd Ll 1 1 ST
to sec why some stores are always C j ir i stmas buving 1^ I C 1 fl tf/YlO
so busy; why you can always find Wo have speclal tra f ned f eople t0 teke *|/1^£V 111 VJLUIU Some orices soeciallv low all the Qualities soedallv morf
a certain class of women in certain you r orders and give them their exclu- , oome prices specially low, an me qualities speciam good
stores? Why you feel so free and gj£ctorr nt i2 Vyou^were 'here' you's^if! To 25 Different Children and the variety specially broad.
easy and at home in some stores? Write for anything we advertise and get ! Who %enr\ u* th«» most nricnnai rnrtnres of Santa Clans « ~ «...
Why you always seem to get what the same advantage of prices as city vvno sena us tne most original pictures oi aanta i^iaus. . We want your flanne i attention to-morrow, and we believe
you want when you go to some follCB enJoy " The best one is picked out each day and printed in our we'll get it if you like pretty flannels, if you like to see lots of
stores? Yes, stores have a life,, an ... ' DVriifPC -id vertisement (except Mondays), beginning to-day. Each them, if you like to save money.
influence, a mission, same as indi- AlDlimS, r^lClUrCS - winner gets $5.00. Here are colored tricot flannels at 25c yard — soft and
' ld One S 'can find a store that "fits" Some Christmas News. /ohtt D . Martini,' 331 Fourth ave., city, takes the first prize. dreS^; Ramona flannel3 -^ the birdseye weave with fleece back; pink,
them; where there is no jar or fric- \y e opene d them Up now for Santa Claus scratched and scratched his head. It is so hard to find the light blue, cream and red grounds. They make pretty coats and dresses
tion in buying, where the personality t L ncn ,,,u rt y,u~ + n K«v first- anrl best one - Of course, those that were traced or copied he put to one side , for children. 15c yard.
nf th*. «tor«. «:e«.mq tn anneal to one y" OSe vno llKe tO DUV nrSt ' , na right away quick. Or those that weren't drawn with Ink. or those that I Wool wa j st jngs 34c a yard, really worth 45c; pink, red. old rose.
1«|S SPipinS 'f you could see them, see how J5r«!a'S. tl Siffi 1 Ki l SSSS £f{fl&S?S?fSS8L. a &2Tl- blu= and tan gro/nds^.rip? pattern,. Some more fancy wool wrings
«iAn*U tn, ,.ri a in iZAlmAnaU P r etty they are, how original and help him decide. He wanted to give to a good many. Perhaps some of m any number of pretty patterns, such as sell usually at 75c,
\iduais to other certain mamauais. . ' ,. ff ;, ° them will hear from him yet, but only .one could get It, so he said little marked We
Likeness seeks likeness. Women after now different, WC are sure >OU John ought to have It. Anyhow, It Is pretty good for six years old. Let marKea 50c.
good goods are gravitating more and wouldn't want to wait, for those other six-year-olds try _ gl£ J J Q Q QutlHg FlaiinelS at 7C
more to this rood eoods center, who buy now will certainly get . L The Conditions' v**»w * v^ »
Women who have been going here the most for their monev. _ Cut them out and kelpthem^ We can't pTinJ Them again this wee*. . ch ™%T Wnd in light colors, striped patterns, pretty tor ni g ht robes and
and there after bargains are; coming New Pict™ rrame^^sUver^ray^old 1 J^i ¦ S" -1 S^ '. Th^'ffiSS'WSSfSS.Jftl!: !n a^2f 6 n^y
more and more to see what it means some clever nO velties artistically 2-d~w^' m,J » *. A^. ». • grounds; figured and striped.
to have a store home; a place where worked up. 25c to $7.00. ori^tna " K n ™ cop- i*tTf & '¦ "
they can turn naturally for what they "'Jf^o 1^'"^!; 0^ 8-Mun beTfwn .„ V* Q <ni tf-M l!^ 1 Ok d A fir ClCXf^Aci
want, know they will get it-and get the larger ones for outdoor scenes. 10c bS inl^n^un" rfttgBfcx/ OSOIDICS All vJOOOS
it for as little as it's possible to pay. Aut0 |raph AUmmi in the new stag cover 4-S u t t W J e te 1^, '" ,, +
In this light Hale's stand before them and celluloid top and plush backs: • than 7 X o inches Plcl Llj They're the original pieces of their kind, but only m ones and twos of
in hold relief It's the one store we -?,!i et t the^ ett^ in a <5V um * be .i £? f n $ lar * er than II V iflM the sort, so imagine the variety there must be. Then to have them come
Sink of when we think of a stead" uSS^sSfe' a £&£X£2rJSti° g IV I & \ 4$^ ( USt bef ° rC ChristmaS and ° aV lCSS f ° r them - than they COSt at whol « ale -
reliable home store. It's here where w^f ancy nthogvaphed covers. 25c td »«*£ printer a | \ ?/>&*¦&-*¦ d| Who doesn't want to share such an opportunity?
one mcetv the mothers of the city- Photograph Albums in celluloid and Sfi t he P w££ L&ttsJ^ L -^ Sfca: 9R There are some tinted table covers, of real linen, 39c, actually worth
,Vc u',.) rP n-ir froU liUrnmnc plush start at 25c and go up to $1.00. .'.'Santa claus" and bfflPl^** *~ sdSLwM ,,^^* HnP^ 7Sc; some linen sets, small squares, 12 inches, for ioc, and larger ones
L^r^rthTe^no^rTno wi^rSSJr^tffi 5TfflS * { 3f§P <f^M^ O^ and 35c e h \vith sc f s to match . Any onc o{ them worth
waitin* no delay • "^ SP^- , p 1Q , « m 5^! ~ \. I f^^ <*s3* Then There^e UoeTt? "to'ps for zoc; better ones , 5 C .oc and 6,c. that
will be testing the store this week. Comb and Brush Set, $1.00. company the draw- ; A • «^^ N<: "^ff are worth up to $1 so
We don t know where. So. we are it's in ebonold effect, «rlth sterling sil- the" child wiifcount ¦zO&^L iTOCTnC E^Si ¦ " And some Mount Melllck pieces, stamped. 24 Inches square. 15c; worth 35c.
ready all over. We are not wanting ver mountings. . » In the content) "^^^^^. j ¦. 1 EOzss) " • -t-. Others at 25c. Fine small squares for 7c. So and 10c.
in linen?, in dishes or silverware. W'e ' • 7— Mall them' to <*!Z%5*&-- I_^Z2/ • I *&' Laundry bags, 20c, 25c, 23c, 33c and 45c each. To use them is to appreciate
. ' __,:_,\1 :_ „:(+ t L; nff . Tl,- Santa Claus. Hale's, <i3^^^^? ' '————' I j them.
are not wanting in gitt tnings. 1 nc QiiL'c- • or br^-e them to t§§§2? Hlirtfjfr • IIere are somft 50c lithographed pillow tops at 10c and 25c, and some cross-
toy store 1? alive with all the new ¦ o!ll\s the store and put '*i22** " Tzjfialir*' \ stitched tops, 25c; worth 50c.
fads in toys. . For Christmas Work. box m at n the ' 'front '" -^^fc f^ 35^ ,, \ Those. who come first will certainly get the best.
Turn naturally to Hale's for them m your idea « r . \as^ /> *^-/ !^ a^ e> m* r 11 • js. Ti T^ • *N.
/(Hs^a as you do for staple black silks. Xo even it you can't J)xs>J<*~ *> r^^^^y , \fkf CB I \Z % 1TJ O C«l W <T1 l^CSfST^T" I •Q'%7'
/^•"m silk store is better ready to meet * aw ,^ very ?'"• *j *,*. f • 5 >-j*> »wvM, cu*. TTCliiVlIlii Cll 111 JTVCHllV UCL V
JW(M your needs than this one 7 . tn^Sraw! '^^^Z^^ ' Ol • J. All I^« J
¦A'fiilffl Muffler SUk«— Very fine, soft finished m«r- +V^ I™'™- , All K lUflC
/riV(Mti Surahs. They are used also for reef- •. Now. children, the fun has Just begun. The contest is new every day. V^IVll C^« illl l\lllviO
S'Sa hr*J£ 00 s , an< UnA ti^r w o^ 1S- ?;°r« ln - i0C; Got Interested. If you can't think of anything to draw, come down to
s&kzlf &aSr Ofitl! t ' 'ivii.' **„ : r * • 1 -°°- tn e toy store here, where you'll get ideas. Santa Claus never made so 'All underbriced ' all in the best Stvles — all offered first time
om - Japanese Silks fdr art work, in a new . many new things as he has this time (he must have had somebody help- " naer l f ' ut ' u > u " "* »« i/i« «)«rj uit uu trru nrst nmc
'^^¦t-Yt> ¦ >/ r *yJs$a f/ALBrJ line of art colorings. 20 in., 25c; 27 Ing him — there's an idea). May be you can make these new toys do tn-ynnrm'V
o« * n - 50c. something— there's another idea. -(We know you could if you would see lu 7H^ rru^-
Colored Sattris for fancy art work, 19 this circus of his own. The clown can stand on one foot, hold up a Tt -, . r t, nnf . P t n huv iust what vnii want arr^ whir vnti ivomM ntTi^r^;.-
d?~!&r&l£rsZ@g«&$W ln ' wid0 ' DOc; ZK in " 7uc - donkey with one hand, an elephant with the other and balance a chair in l } ?. a chance to buy iust vvnat you want and what >ou would Otherwise
i^^^^^s^V^^ /^\r hls mouth.) Then there's a doll that acts just like a Japanese acrobat pay full prices for. Ihe variety is even greater than you could hoDe to cet
fef*vO (of c° urs e, you must help it, but that's the fun). Then there are trains in regular stocks. Of some styles they are in ones and twos and threes:
Vfe£3<»? \ \ <Z>rr\4-rU T«rQoW i aild carts and animals - ". of others in as many as a half dozen, and maybe some of them ud to a
-£ I. IWCCU ¦ . All 4-~Vm. 1VT T*^». dozen. They are not full lines. That's why we got them at a barjrain. Three
\ J DreSS Goods SI 00 /\ I I LllG \fiW - I OVS way-up wholesale tailors cave us all their season's surplus. W r e have
ftr-ti New effcefs P * a ,n TV u, , marked them
Something particularly clever and . Opened. Up I h IS Week Ci fiC £1 (iZ $7 7C
/^^S^SH*V^\ ' striking. They are fashion's latest Here are English Doll Oo-Carts that are just like the big ones only on /Z*iG%£z£&5p^ fDl»7e)« tDLt/e).
A\l^*3^^^WaA ivhi'm^ anri t,\u\ p '^ litpct ,,,, r t-nt a smaller scale. There is the leather hood top; it can be moved from the /JG&tm£M8r V1I/W J vy*%/V)
J^W^W^^^\V%\ wnims and llale s latest market. front to tho back; tlicro ls tno i eat her upholstery: there is the wooden bed. S V%Z-. a*
' W^^3fi^^Sj^oV*X^ incncs wide. We have them t-heapcr now than they have ever been before, as- low as \S§«!; .Pi 1 " \.Z lift
#^ff^^t&^2j|p, French Bouretted Suitings. * 6 ' AutSmSbUe Oar!°5ror the boys, with ball bearing and bicycle gear/ »W V««""«
nu$ ; They're fine values, dressy and charm- rubber tire wheels. They're propelled by a bar that works up and down <\W-Jfe> A *U n *v
\\ Ing; one of fashion's private Ideas. like a hand car. They are strong, yet they are easily and quickly handled. /f^vVVv^Awi Among tnem are meltons, ZlDe-
> Something you won't find everywhere. They can get up great speed: 5 feet long. $15.00. Others up to $23.00. JJ' \CW\^\\\ i:--- .v...,:^. JiAm-enun* urtA
$7.50, $8.10 and $9.00 a Suit. Some of them have velour upholstered seats. £? VvW-^Vl lines, cne\lOtS, nomespuns ana
Trimmed Hats $4.75 Black Dress Goods. perf o "; Sa T3*0. cker ls a splendId toy tor lndoor sport: boMa tTOm 2 to 4 /ik<± a11 kinds of mixtlires - There are
Cheviots, 42 in. wide, all wool. An ex- No-Bat Baseball, a new parlor game, Zobo, the musical wonder and fun- /ft^*\ \ K\// SOme With checks and Stripes and
All n»»«;1v trimmeri with trti* verv ceptlonal value, 50c. . . can b e played with two or more per- maker. It's a brass horn with mouth Ill's \ V MnV . ... .
All newiy tnmmea wun me >ery Broad Cloths, 52 in. wide, $1.25; at 98c. eons and played like tho real game. It piece. You can sing and talk Into it (it* i J I I/rftF Others With Small Din dots in all
finest materials. Panne Zibellnes. one of the season's contains six rubber balls and frame 38 and zobo does the rest. Zobo comes in IB« jAr^ &M. ' -.:*>-¦";"»* v '
favorites. 56 in. wide; $1.75. Inches long and 27 inches wide; covered different band Instruments; 19c to $3.00 6 **&JmJ /^»2. the Colors, erayS, browns, blacks,
Any one who wants a trimmed hat Those English Broad Cloths we are to represent the neld. With it come a _ each. . I \ j. *. jA^j
nnw nwv wt « fr«h and nrettv a one selling at $2.00 will likely end this week. set of ecore cards and base cards; $3 00. Bunch and Judy Taryat Games, with , I \2 blues, tans, Castors and Oxfords,
now may get as iresn ana pretty a one Tney .° e wor th $3 00 5° in wide • Kew Mechanical • Piano, with a flg- three figures and fancy covered front !// /// "«^\ ... ,
as if She bought at the first of the Sea- * :"". ;"'. • ure eltUng on the stool, and when you with target holea, wooden frame. 81 /« |// 9&Xi\ WC arc not exaergeratinef it when
,„„ «o.. - -,.«U O r- ctvl.c »u, n ,„»« - ¦ wind the piano and It starts to play Inches high; $1.00. ••» | « i flil oe> &^
son— nay, even riper stvles than were . thls agxlr *> Btarts , t0 movlnjr It Auto Bray, a new toy run by fric- „" | ] we say that there are at least IOO
then Shown. We have been putting all c« El«,:.,^l 4.4. r *n looks natural. ¦ Only 90c. tion; 12% inches long, strong wheels, *** II \ »^^/ ••"«"• «-"«-^ 0.1 1 a c ituot xw
our 'energy lately into these $475 trim- 3>* riaiHieietie VlOWflS OyC Circus Outfit, the one we mentioned iron man on the seat; runs up hill as ' 37S m I C> Styles at these four prices, and
medhats. Our designers have been jriv- (And how it happens.) fhre% W cCns?V?aVe%TephU h a e don! Ma^io "bSu. 1 ? a V ne : w 60 thing for the I ( every one of them at their best.
\ n? th t C £ &5Sf£2ffillJ^8g?2S He" couldn't" wait m t°o n 7ct it In the &5 «»' ™"-'^ do^!i you^e W a' th K r O eat th m aSy° r dif^enJ Jl J In the $ 3 -75 lot are some equal
using: the very newest shapes. latest col- ne couidn t wait to get it in the BOrt8 of tricks. ir« aa amueing; and colors moving as u by magic; 25o. Sffflfk A V tn trio«5P vv#» «;o1H #»arlt>r at «sfi -7-
orjngs and the best trimmings. A few regular way. He sacrificed. entertaining as anything we have seen. Doll's Steel Carts, with pretty scroll X>Kr // 1 \ U3C wc BUW C<UI1C1 ai WJ-
of them have plumes; amonc them are They are large warm pretty gbwns SS^thaf'mSK break. 1 " To? 53" Tin VS TffJ 1 SIS' /Jf II 1 1 \ Among the $1.95 ones are some
plenty of black velvet hats, borne of sucn as readily sell at $1.00, but when jump on them and throw them about, heavy steel wheels." it's th« latest / rjaf fj \ ] \ \\ stnkiner blue zibelines some
Sfe^Slt^fS '££$^ - Hke ,0 share j Eg — "• '"»'" igAK A^ » 4J[/f (U\ hea.T^e.tons, aU woo. and
them ready tO-morrOW. Not two of They're plain pink, blue and cream twilled -¦¦ ¦"" "¦ i"—^^ aaMMMMM ra— ¦—¦ hmmh mh« -vi_JI plentj OI pretty mixtures.
them the same, not on c of them that fan^aii^izes** 11 *" y ° kes; lurn - down coU f | • rp j • It >'OU want a walking skirt
doesn't look as if it cost at least $3.oo. 2 5c for riannelette Skirts worth 35o. 36 1 I 8 1 ¥% O* 1 51 HPCT f*f C* GL -uz^g^^m this IS your Opportunity.
THE $10.00 DRESS HATS are exciting con- ln - ] on S. 2 Vi yds. wide; made from a 4L/VI I 111 $L 1 CII/V4J Ll 1W*3
eiderable. attention. We are Belling many of good, • heavy outing flannel, dark red, \ <3 • »
m e n?mtd%r 1 incipany m^rth ne^suich p^m^l! iin^and *lrl draw strings^ sfik ™he1i Yardage Pieces and Portieres Under Regular Prices v\/ f\.~t^\ /^fi g I Tt - l/1/^#*v*7'/^ci #•
Many of them are beautiful black hats. stitchine at the bottom. » n i r « - i- u , u , , . W I II I fl %Z I 8 \^J I lUC f W C £JL I
, A well-known factory s line. Much cheaper than same goods in regu- : T .'? ? vrlllVll A-J m.M^M.^* m. TT
— » /I e i~m a « lar stock are marked. Of the portieres there are some. ox> single or half .
VnflA |l/l/\*«"rT Wr/v^irlM/M/v pairs. They make' splendid hangings for single doors or for use as a <x« . j j^
OCllv iVlCll S OLOCKinQ^S couch c .° ven All the same size, sbinche3 wide and 9 feet long. Some ' To get good garments and to save money.
have fringed ends, others have cord edges, some with velour and tapestry • ... . V ' -
It's a eood time to ?et vour wintpr «nnn1if>« Tn<;t M H nf h»v insertion borders. All good staple colors, red and green. Some are $1.95 Hale retailing does it. .
; ntr * T T,t;r n.?V; ? rt «r7*L • y° ur^ inter supplies. Instead of bu>- and $ . The heavier and better fin i s hed ones are $2.95. Going right to the makers themselves and with six stores
ing a pair or two, get them in dozens and half-dozens. Of the sample pieces there are 75 lengths, running from. x -to i/ 2 yards" to buv fo ° i° stead of one thev us the best earments thev
Get good qualities; save money on all of them. each. Just right for furniture coverings or for art pillows; in armure. tricot, v Duy . ior insceaa 01 one, mey give us me Dest garments tney
5c pair— Cotton Sox, made of a hard . twisted 1214c— Fancy Cotton Sox in lisle fln'sh- solid cashmere and rep and fine mercerized weaves. Such a variety to see. but Have and tne Dest prices.
S^witt^S'SuS^WSSS-tSS: «w ««kt tan«; .ome blacks, re*.', lace so little of, any one thing that we can't quote prices. They're all less than- -j-^n-^uao (worth 35c> m.oo >™>£* woo. ve S^: «**» 1 jje.
of anything better for actual serx-.ce. Sold and drop stitch ones with fancy p.llc atltch- regular. • fleece lined vesta and pants. Jl^SO to 51.73. Best quality of Imported
usually at 8 l-3c. . .„„ _ , . „ ,, _ , • ¦ . — Swiss vests, all wool, winter weight, loas
7c pair-^-S*amless Cotton Sox. ln black and las ' **'* re ****lu Zoc quality. We've . . - i_'fj - «** r*™*™ *} ™c- R'bbed wool silver or ghort ,, salmon color.
tan. double heels and toes, elastic less; all only four sizes. 0, O'-4, 10 and 10'£. Yet -^f 3~-m7 /&*&/ " pray vests and Dants : 8lze9 *¦ r> « n >i 6.
sizes. th ey are the sizes mo.t mn wnnt 'iiiif fZ££\ /J&vf JJSSSfl IS*/ ¦ It-S a8 * rood a 1 "" 16111 a3 w « know of {2., TO union suits (resrular Dries $3.CO>. AH
12Vic pair— For men's Merino Sox. medium and nri" r . iouT W&*SJ^L*<&tiW/ 10/ -- £^1 for 50c. Yet Hale's rood fortune makes wool, h^avy ribbed natural tray or.es,
heavy weights; strictly E eamleas; usually sold ' • *'- c# • \^SB^S^£^^MBt/^ ¦ /Mff S38f J^S5^^ them Z(>c - Oneita style, best make and best finish.
for 20c. They have a nice soft finish and 19c— For Wool Sox usually sold at 2?c. Heavy ¦ zZ*aGSJm7 JMff /fffiEHjBiia *^/mWGss£. f |_ J I J *. /% »-» / . Wft-Z-i-s^ IM«.*.*-« it m • _ "\" _
very .trviceabie. blue shaker kind, with long ribbed ie es . f^f Mwf 3$SmlEf (SE^ {$&££& ~J£^!®m Cnilclren s VV hi te i lcnno Underwear at 2dc
Mpfi'c Wintpf I Tnr1^t-v»7ia«i«- 7O^ ij^ j^^ Vj^P^^^g^ Shirts, pantalets or drawers.
iTien s vvinier unucrwear /vc fMj&f f jasn Not one of them worth Iess than 3 . c> some of them 40C> some 0{
(Broken line, of $1 and $1.25 garments.) /JsMl 0^ Ob^J. *2S%*%f\<& them 45c; all heavy winter weicht shirts with silk binding at the neck
?», S0I SrA a Jhir r t^Pft o°f m o e ur P ro n or, P n r "rthh^ ITr y ' ™ le or tan col ? rs - ,^ mongr m^&kim*2z*P**** WlUUU^^ ; and down the front, pearl buttons, flat covered seams; pants and draw-
them are ehlrts lert or our Cooper ribbed garments. There are nearly all s zes vm^*&SSEmammu^^&&*^*^^ ers with Silesia hands minahif tnr K n v= nr o-^VU - * '
among them now that they are all thrown together. But we don't know how ¦¦ . ers Y; lin .sucsia Danas, suitable tor boys or girls.
long the shirts will hold out at such a price. Shirts and drawers, not one in the M ~f * cr*-~~4- VT««- CZ,,4-U CZ~— C^^Xs'JJa : '" Brokcn " nes oi children s all-wool scarlet and white underwear re-
lot ; oo ; jna^ Market Street, Sixth, San Francisco . duced to 39c
EDITION/;
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
WATCH FOB THE
BEAUTIFUL , PICTURES
. IN THE^BIQ:;
. ; THANKSGIVING i
MRS. KIRKE SAVED.
fnother Proof of Ismar's Wonder-
ful Healing Powers.
I Following ls Mrs. Klrke's letter to Is-
mar:
! DEAR MADAME: Sir months ago I
fclilleved myself Incurable. Two physi-
cians pronounced ray case cancer of the
Btomach. I heard of your skill in curing
diseases from a friend whom you Ead
cured. I placed myself ln your hands,
and the result is that to-day I am a per-
fectly well woman. I owe my life and
xny happiness to you. Gratefully yours,
MRS. ELEANORE KIRKE.
No. 30 Chenery street, city.
jTmy Is a perpetual triumph as a
healer as well as a clairvoyant. Her
powers are as puzzling: as they are posi-
tive In their effects.
Entire newspapers could easily be
filled with testimonials written by those
who have received the benefit of Ismar's
great gifts of- healing and clalrvoyancy.
From all over America and even -fr"om
Germany, England and Australia, come
testimonials attesting her great power.
Her name is a household word all over
this Coast, and thousands of grateful
men and women testify to 'the great
skill she possesses, both as a healer and
clairvoyant. •
Many of the cases cured by her were
previously pronounced incurable or per-
manently chronic
If you are sick, don't despair until you
see Ismar. There is always hope.
If you would know your future. Ismar
will correctly delineate it to you.
Write her if you can't call. Three ques-
tions answered for 51. Full life reading
$5. Send money by Wells-Fargo or Post-
office money order, or registered letter.
Rooms 9 and 10, 1104 Market street, San
Francisco. Phone South 1141. Office
hours, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays, 10
a. m. to 12 m.
BEWARE of unscrupulous persons
who are imitating Ismar's method of ad-.
vertiKing and her personality. - •
Remember that Ismar Is a fixture in
San Francisco, where she has lived for
many years and is well known.
ADVEBTISE2EEXT3.
I ...WE TRUST THE PEOPLE... p
I WhhK 0 II iil I
I cpcpiAi ** » A «| I
W , Get a new table for your Thanksgiving Turkey. Extension Table, 8
S just as shown in picture, laree enough to seat 12 per- An ¦»» Cnnh «
g. sons; solid quarter sawed oak and polished; 5-inch An. I ft rnGfl Q
« claw legs ww§ ¦ v buuu
o . Sells regularly for $14.00. O
g We show the lareest assortment of extension tables in San Fran- S
g cisco; ranging, in -price from $6.00 up. .
I EASTERN OUTFITTING CO,, stoc^'^t. I
S We furnish houses complete. All cars lead to our store. Country <$
8 orders solicited. . gBELGRADE, : Nov. 14.— King Peter has
been graciously . pleased to j authorize a
lottery for the purpose of buying a certain
historic portrait "of his father, Prince
Michae!, which 'Is now "owned by a pri
vate citizen. '
King Peter in Lottery Business.
in Dresden. A few years ago Dr. Jen-
kins took part of his fortune and bought
an historic castle just outside of Dresden,
overlooking the lovely valley of the Elbe,
and he lives there like a prince.
KAISER LIKES THE YANKEE,
But the Kaiser's American dentist. Dr.
Sylvester, and the Czar's American dentist.
Dr Wallison fill the most difficult posi-
tions and have succeeded the most bril-
liantly cf all the tribe. Dr. Sylvester was
a friend of the famous Dr. Evans, and
from him learned some of the
that made Dr. Evans the boon com-
parlon and adviser of Napoleon III. At
any rate he went to Berlin about thirty
yeaVs ago without money or any friends
among the powerful ones to help him on.
end la a few years he was attendinz to
si a j s sucn a different country. The Czar
could not be as good friends in public
with Dr. Wallison as the Kaiser Is with
Dr. Sylvester, even if he wanted to." But
In private he admits Dr.' Wallison to an
intimacy which is remarkable. All the
members of the Imperial family demand
the sen-ice, of Dr. Wallison, and as they
have estatcs ln manr different parts of
e hu *e Russian empire and are always
changing about from one to another, the
dentlst "ever *™»* where he will be
summoned to from one day to another,
Etiquette in Russia would not allow of
tbeir *oln S t0 Dr- ™ltoon'» office,
But- of course, he is not treated at all
1Ike an ordinary individual when he visits
his Imperial patients. He has at his corn
mand every luxury in traveling and when
AMERICAN DENTISTS WHO ARE CONFIDANTS OF EMPEROR VTIL.-
LIAM AND THE CZAR. MRS. HARMSWORTH, WIFE OF LONDON
JOURNALIST, WHO WILL START A DAILY FOR WOMEN. .
The window referred to was erected
eight years ago and unveiled .by Embas
sador Bayard, and a native of Stratford
recently, threatened that unless, the" bill
posted in the church Is soon paid, he will
have crosses made from the belfry wood
and sold in America as souvenirs of the
hallowed Shakespeare's church.
On a large card which greets the eye
of a person entering the church is the
following in bold type:
"The attention of American visitors is
asked to the fact that the sum of £100
is still due to the artists. Messrs. Heaton,
Bugler and Beyne, who erected the win
dow in the transept on which is inscribed
the gift of America to Shakespeare's
church."
LONDON, Nov. 14— In addition to the
famous "Goode Frend For Jesus, Sake
Forbeare" inscription, which the 32,000
pilgrims have read on Shakespeare's tomb
thi3 year, there is another inscription in
the church at Stratford-on-Avon directed
especially to transatlantic admirers of the
great poet. >
Bill for Memorial Inscription to
Shakespeare in London Has
Never Been Settled.
AMERICAN ARTISTS STILL
WAIT FOR THEIR PAY
ROME, Nov. 14.-Italy delights in the
accomplishments of her beautiful Queen
Helena and is proud that she Is included
among the royal litterateurs of Europe.
As a young girl she published in a jour
nal at her home at Cettinje, Montenegro,
verses that were greatly admired.
The Dowager Queen Margaret is the
author of religious verses included in all
the Italian anthologies. Of the other
royal personages who are literary lights
the Queen of Roumania (Carmen Sylva)
has a reputation world wide. Prince Fer
dinand of Bulgaria is a composer of
operas. The King of Sweden and the Em
peror of, Germany have done much' in a
literary way. . ¦•; ,;¦--.¦
Italy's Sovereign, Helena, One of the
Most Accomplished Women
of Europe.
QUEEN WHO WRITES..
VERSE AT HER LEISURE
PARIS, Nov. 11.— Mrs. Chatfleld Tay # lor
and Mrs. Frank Jay Mackey of Chicago
are the most conspicuous figures in Amer
ican society in Paris nowadays. Mrs.
Baldwin, the mother of the Deacon girls,
gave a dinner and dance in their honor.
The Earl of Rosslyn was among th«'
guests. Mrs. Mackey has become an In
timate friend of the Duchess of Marl
borough. The Mackeys ; have Just re
turned from a long automobile trip to
Carlsbad. Biarritz and Ostend. At Carls
bad the Mackeys were the guests of the
King of Roumania at a dinner. Later
they took the King of Greece automobil
tng. At Ostend the Mackeys met the
King of the Belgians, who invited them to
tea and asked them why American heir
esses marry European titles, while few
European heiresses marry Americans.
Mrs. Mackey smiled and replied:
"It Is a matter of selection, I suppose.
Would want our. American men to
marry 'European wives when they have
such good material at home to efcnnao
from?"
From Chicago Woman.
Query as to "International Marriaga
Brings Forth. Pungent Betort
BELGIAN KING MEETS
EQUAL IN MBS. MACKEY
King or Prince of Wales before leaving.
This is the parting function on the morn
ing of departure. Each guest's weight
and a description of his or her dress is
set down In a book kept for that especial
purpose. 'No one knows the origin of this
queer custom, but the King begain prac
ticing It years ago as Prince of Wales,
and keeps it up as King.
Mrs. Alfred Harmsworth, wife of "Al
fred the Great,"- who made his American
debut as one-day editor of a New York
newspaper, is suddenly evincing a practi
cal interest In dally newspaper work. \ In
the daily, paper for women which Mr.
Harmsworth intends to start in London
next month, 'Mrs: Harmsworth will have
considerable . influence. Manuscripts al
ready received for possible publication In
the Daily Mirror are submitted to her as
last court of- appeal.' It is said to be on
her suggestion that Mr. Harmsworth has
decided, to open a club department. . and
to make the Mirror, the organ of all the
women's clubs j in London.
' No such feature has heretofore ap
peared in a London paper, common as it
has long been in American publications.
Mrs. Harmsworth, like Mrs. C. Arthur
Pearson, wife of the owner of that other
semi-American newspaper published in
London, the Daily Express, has before
this helped her husband found new jour
nals. But the Dally Mirror Is her
first experience with a daily paper. Lon
doners are wondering' whether this new
woman's paper will eventually meet a
fate similar to the French feminist jour
nal. La Fronde, which had to suspend
publication after three years' worthy ef
fort to live.
For the first time in the history of. the
universities of j medicine in England, a
woman— and a young one, too— has been
appointed professor on terms of absolute
equality with men. Miss Winnie Cullis, a
London girl and graduate of Newnham
College, who has just been made co-pro
fessor and lecturer on physiology In the
University of tMedicine, London, has
scarcely passed her twenty-fifth year. She
was a fellow student at Newnham with
Miss Ida Smedley, who. is recognized as
the leading woman chemist of England.
Miss Smedley, also only 25, ha3 just gone
back to Newnham. her alma mater, a3
lecturer on chemistry. She is the only
woman who has ever read a paper before
the British Association for the Advance
cent of Science. So great was Miss Snaed-
the King and Queen at Buck
ingham Palace soon after , they are
again, in. their London home. Miss
Truax* has no Intention of going into what
may be called public work for the present.
She is having such a rush of engagements
in private houses that concert possibili
ties do not tempt her. Just now she is
with her mother in France, but they ex
pect to return to London in a, few weeks.
'Miss Truax was lucky in being Introduced
to the London smart set by Mrs. Arthur
Paget, who knew the family in the United
States. It was at Mrs. Paget's : dinner
that King Edward heard the pretty bru
nette go through her repertoire and asked
that she might be introduced to him.
Thus she became the vogue. Among the
places at -which she has since appeared
is Kensington Palace, where she dined
with and afterward whistled for the Prin
cess Louise, Duchess of Argyle, King Ed
ward's bohemian sister. It is the young
girl's hope to whistle before all the
crowned heads of Europe before she Is 25.
One of; the quer customs in vogue at
Sa'ndringham, the favorite country house
of King Edward and Queen Alexandra,
has to do with Sunday church service. It
Is an understood things that unlucky thir
teen numbers the minuses of the reverend
¦ gentleman's discourse. No preacher is
expected to preach longer than thirteen
minutes. The habitues of Sandringham
pulpit understand and rarely pass the
limit. The men who from time to time
.step fresh into the greatness of sermoniz
ing to King Edward are always duly in
formed of the restriction and stop as near
the thirteenth minute as they can.
Another point of etiquette In the King's
home, church is that the clergyman ai
rways speaks in the direction of the lower
left hand corner of the little building.
The acoustic properties of the church are
such that owing to her deafness the Queen
can hear what is said only when the
speaker looks neither to the right nor
•left; but into that particular corner.
Yet another oddity connected with Sand
ringham House is that of the festivities
attending the departure of guests. Every
man and .woman who has Invited
down to Norfolk on a visit to their
Majesties gets weighed by cither ;the
- . ,¦ . . - . • i -¦.,(•,
n) ONDON, Nov. 14.— Miss Louise
; Truax, the young American
¦ American society girl who ln
_ tends ' to make whistling her
mamaaw ' profession, is to whistle for
Mrs. Frank E. Crane and Mrs. John
P. Wallar of San Francisco have arrived
in London from the Continent, where they
have . been touring for two months, and
are stopping at Hourex's Hotel, .Strand.
• Mr. and .Mrs. Booth Tarklngton, to
gether with. Mr. Tarkington's mother and
father, have arrived In London and ar«
stopping at the Dysart Hotel. Cavendish
Square. They will . remain In London
three weeks and then go to the Continent
for a winter tour.
ley's success on the recent presentation of
her paper that the association Invited her
to go to South Africa next year,. all ex
penses paid, to deliver an address on an
allied scientific subject. - Miss ¦ Smedley,
although one of the most learned of Eng
land's proverbially" blue-stocking" univer
sity women, is pretty : and remarkably
tasteful in her dress. . Some one remarked
of her the other day, "Who ever would
have thought she had seen the Inside of
Newnham !"
Charming American Girl With a Pretty Warble Becomes
the Rage in London's Smart Set.
CLEVER MAID'S WHISTLING
DELIGHTS CROWNED HEADS
PARIS, Nov. 14.— A competition opened
by two Paris newspapers, the Matin and
the Journal, to find treasures in the
shape of medals and tubes containing
sums of money, is becoming * a craze.
Thousands throng the public parks and
squares and devastate the flower beds
in search of the treasures. There was a
riot in front of one ofilce Sunday, a crowd
declaring that a man who had found a
treasure was really an emissary of the
paper. The Petit Parisian's offer of 250,000
francs in prizes to persons who guess the
number and weight of grains of wheat In
a bottle permitted a smart Parisian to net
a nice sum by hiring out for 50 centimes
(10 cents) a bottle, which he declared was
similar to the Petit Parisian's bottle.
Hunting Treasure a Paris Fad.
Dr. Wallison lives in St. Petersburg In
the same street with the Grand Dukes
the Grand Duchesses and the Embassa
dors. It Is near the Winter Palace and
faces the Neva, where for many months
in the year there is one long stretch of
snow and ice. Dr. Wallison's house is full
cf lovely things and In one room he has
a complete collection of large photo
graphs of the members of the Imperial
family, each one a gift from the per
sonage whose autograph is written upon
it.
he arrives at the palace, a big suite of
rooms is at his disposal. When he goes
to the Czar or Czarina they talk to him
without the least ceremony, ask him all
sorts of questions about what Is going on
In the world, chat to him about their
children and their plans, and tell him to
collect all the funny stories ho can to
amuse them with when next he comes.
CZAB TRUSTS HIS DENTIST.
The Czar's dentist. Dr. Wallison, does
not have as pleasant a time, because Rus-
The Kaiser has made Dr. Sylvester a
life member of the Royal Yacht Club,
the American dentist being the only life
member who is not of royal birth. The
Kaiser is the Commodore and Prince
Henry the vice commodore. The meet
ings take place In the summer it 'Kiel,
where Dr. Sylvester goes with his yacht
Varda, and the Kaiser often goes on
board for a friendly chat.
very high and mighty indeed.
Dr. Sylvester has a big house in Berlin
in the most fashionable quarter, near the
Thlergarten, where he has big flunkeys in
gorgeous knee breeches to open the doors
and usher you in upon magnificence. One
room after another stretches before you,
each one seeming to be as grand as it
could be and filled with as beautiful fur
niture and ornaments as you ever saw
in a private house. And in each one there
are gifts which the Kaiser or some mem
ber of the Imperial family has given the
dentist. To the persons whom he wants
to honor the most, the Kaiser gives a
marble or bronze bust of himself— and he
has given Dr. Sylvester three or four of
these keepsakes.
EMPEROR AN EARLY PATIENT.
In one room is the chair where the
Kaiser has his dental wont aone. "For he
comes to his dentist just the same as
others do, only he comes early in the
morning so as not to disturb Dr. Sylves
ter's regular practice. He generally walks
down through the Thiergarten. attended
by an adjutant, and he has come and gone
before the people of the neighborhood
know anything about it. The young
Crown Prince is a great friend of Dr.
Sylvester's also, and goes to see him
without ceremony. One day, when he
wa« a little boy. the dentist entered the
palace and the Prince saw him from the
top of the stairs, and was so delighted
that he tried to get down by the quickest
way— sliding down the balustrades. But
in the midst of the descent his father
appeared and gave him a good spanking,
which the Prince often laughs about with
Dr. Sylvester.
all the teeth in the Kaiser's family. That
was, or course, when the present Kaiser
was a boy, but when he became Emperor
he continued Just as friendly and uncon
ventional as ever with Dr. Sylvester, al
though with almost every one else he
assumed a different manner at once and
gave them to understand that he was
ha.fi trusted the most, turned
for refuge to the house of the
late Dr. Evans, her American dentist in
Paris, Kings and Emperors throughout
Europe have delighted to honor American
dentists. The position is a delicate one,
peculiarly Intimate ar.d confidential, de
manding the utmost finesse and diplom
acy, yet conferring no honors except those
the sovereign cares to bestow.
And it seems to cave been an accepted
fact that an American fills the bill much
better than a loyal subject of the mon
arch. The American retains his national
ity, and his royal master can throw ett-
Qoctte to the winds with him without de
moralizing the whole court and causing
endless Jealousy and heart-burning. Fur
thermore. American dentistry is generally
recognized in Europe as being the best in
the world.
It is true also that an American dentist
has never betrayed the King who trusted
him, and so at last it has come to pass
that at most of the large courts in Eu
rope, no centist but an American can
hope to win the royal favor.
WAKT ONLY AMERICANS.
In Vienna there has been for many
years an American dentist. Dr. E. W.
Thomas, who knows the Emperor better
than any cf his Ministers know him. In
Rome there is Dr. Chamberiain, the friend
of the King of Italy, who will not accept
the services of any other dentist. In
Madrid there is Dr. Aguilar, a Spaniard
by birth but an American by education
and adoption, whom the young King has
placed in charge of the cental institute he
is especially interested in. In Dresden.
Dr. Jenkins, an American, has built
up a notable fortune through the favor
shown him by the King of Saxony, who
has sev-?ril times declared publicly that
Dr. Jenkins was the or.Iy dentist in his
kingdom that con'.C ever be permitted
to attend to the royal* teeth.
Dr. -TenKir.s~is the man' who instituted
the use of porcelain fillings and his suc
cess in that line was a direct result of
the King cf Eavony's favor, because the
King commanded that Dr. Jenkins should
to allowed to do whatever he liked in in
vestigating the gTeat porcelain factories
LONDON, Nov. 14,-Ever since
the fateful night when the
Empress Eugenie, deserted by
the friends at court whom she
Yankees in Europe Who Chum With
Rulers and Live Like Princes.
KINGS AND EMPERORS LIKE THEIR AMERICAN DENTISTS,
TO WHOM THEY CONFIDE MANY OF THE ROYAL SECRETS
Pages 45 to 48
Pages 45 to 48
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1903.
* ¦ . ¦ -., ,.„.,¦- ¦ 1 ¦ * " I • ' ¦ ;tii explore the macaroni belt. He stayed
where "Tseliarini" and "peperono"' are
merely vzrr.es. at the ralaee. in short,
ar.d was forced to conduct en the alien
vprznlccili and "rosbif." This, but for
his timely discovers" of- the genius of a
certain fair theatrical manageress— who
has absolute pitch for peperone— would
doubtless have proved completely disas
trous to his season. He found here, how
ever, the suave solace -of his native Tag
liarinl, the piquant thrill of his beloved
pepcror..\ and had the lady been able to
devote herself wholly to Ms pleasure wo
should inevitably have had even more
xr.upicai marvels than the maestro be-
Ftowpd upon us. Needless to pay it was
t ftcr one of thes* Roman feasts that we
l;ad that memorable. Tpchaikowsky eym-
Iihony.
But it was unnecessary for Mascagni
to depend upon the kindness of his fair
friend. Nor would he otherwise have been
thrown upon, the sawdust floor and thin
asm, the skies, the sun
ehine, all made the famous Italian cry,
"Another Italy:" But there was one blot
on the scutcheon, one crying need in our
Western civilization. The maestro could
rot pet his macaroni!
This, I contend, was not our but his
fault. In The strcrs of preparing a Gold
mark symphony in one rehearsal and
F-jchliice feats the conductor had no time
MAfiCAGNI, I remember hear
ing, had found pretty
much everything in San
Francisco to his liking. The
people, the musical enthusi-
Travaglini threw him one. and the llttla
tenor cputtered a confession to me that
he did not "understand much English."
Very boyish he looked, very pink and
"And tbAn?"
Ischierdo took up the query and laughed,
"Oh, everything."
Travaglini broad shouldered, brown and
boarded, then cajne In. He had, it seems,
been to the park. He was humming in
a mellow basso, "I lofo you, my darling"
—perhaps to head off Mme. Cortesi, who
shook a plump fist as she told him he
v.aa always late. She helped him gener
ously, however, to the salad.
"What you call this?" ho asked of the
table generally, picking up a piece of the
onion that garnished the salmon.
Nobody knew, an'd I supplied tho word.
"No good for kees." the basso gravely
advanced. He is the court's Jester. It
seems.
"Kees?" queried Tedeschi.
ing, though, a little wistfully at the
macaroni and mixed olives and pepper
pickle called peperone. "Very bad that
for to sing," she nodded at these.
"And you eat nothing from, now until
after the performance?" I asked.
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE
MUSIC FOLK
ITALIAN OPERA SINGERS FORGET THEIR TRIALS FOR AN AFTERNOON AND INDULGE IN THEIR NA
TIVE DELICACIES AT A BOHEMIAN RESORT IN THE LATIN QUARTER, WHERE THEY EAT, DRINK
AND TALK SHOP.
Let one ask the foVeign actor wherein
he considers lies the chief basis of hop©
for the American drama and he will in
variably reply: "In your excellent stock
theaters," not only as the nearest ap
proach to the subsidized people's theaters
of Europe, therefore the chief means of
educating the popular taste, not only as
schools of acting— the best now obtain
able, but also as the most valuable out
let for the energies of the American
dramatist. E. S. Wlllard has lately been
expressing himself on the subject in Lon
don, with a large meed of praise for the
work of stock companies. There is evi
dent, comically, a pretty jealousy of Wil
lard's favorable opinion of American
dramatic conditions in the London papers,
by the way. They "get even" by hoping
hopelessly "that America has not coarsen
ed tho art of one of the most polished
actors on the English stage"— as they pro
fessed to find it had done in the case of
Mrs. Campbell.
Certainly it had not done so when Mr.
Willard was here to any appreciable ex
tent—which, however, is neither here nor
there." What is to tho point is that to the
actor's possibly vitiated taste the Amer
ican stock company is a most hopeful and
admirable feature of American dramatic
life, and our local Lyceum, the Alcazar,
an excellent example of the class, as Mr.
Willard said while here. Ben Greet said
the same thing, with admiring iteration.
There was little that the famous London
manager missed during his recent visit
here. From the Chinese drama to the Bo
hemian Club play, "Montezuma," Mr.
Greet was to be found everywhere where
his art was concerned. But first and last
the actor-manager instanced the Alcazar
and the Tlvoli as the most remarkable
features of local theatrical life. For the
work of the Alcazar, in particular— being
himself more concerned with dramatic
than with operatic matters— the manager
expressed both respect and 'surprised" ad
miration; for the resourcefulness, enter
prise, energy of the company,' that pro
duced adequately, week by week, new
plays drawn from the best dramatic liter
ature, and including j almost every phase
of it. And Mr. Greet has a trifle of
twelve companies himself.
I think the London manager would be
even more pleased with the company now
With its new people,' it is quite the best
the : home Lyceum has had for a long,
longtime.
It has more brains, temperament, p'er-
Notes About the
Movements of the
Players We Know
* • •
The Alcazar is also to the fore with
a new comedy, to be given for the first
The alternating opera will be • "I'Puri
tanl," with Tedeschi, Tromben and Dado.
To-morrow evening the annual benefit
to Paul Steindorff ., will be given and a
great programme has been arranged. Mr.
Stelndorff's hosts of friends are always
equal -to tho occasion and the usual'
crow-ded house is looked for to-morrow
evening.
The other big production o< the week
Is at the Tivoli, that on Tuesday evening
will present for the first time in America
Leoncavallo's latest opera, "Zaza." The
production also signalizes the last week
of the grand opera season.
The cast of "Zaza" is long and an im
portant one. De Spada has the title role
and Ischierdo the principal part of Du
fresne, lover. Gregoretti Is also
in the cast, as Cascart, the friend of
Zaza, which will be the last opportunity
to hear the firfest artist here since Balassa.
Cleo Marchesinl is cast as Analda, Zaza's
mother, and Eugenia Barker as Floriana,
the soubrette. Dado, the splendid, Cor
tesi, Miss Welsh and Miss Deslow are
other names. The management Is pro
ducing the opera with much care and
much is expected of it.
To-morrow evening will be presented for
the first time here at the Columbia The
ater Pinero's play, "Iris," that has at
tracted possibly more attention than any
play since the same author's "The Second
Mrs. Tanqueray.-" Charles Frohman pre
sents it with Virginia Harned-in private
life, Mrs. E. H. Sothern— in the title role.
Miss Harned, who has won so distinct a
success in the part of Mr. Pinero's hero
ine. Iris Bellany, is now serving her third
year as a star under the direction of Mr.
Frohman, this bring her second and last
tour in the Pinero play. This play was
first brought out in the United States last
year at the Criterion Theater, in New
York, where it was booked for four weeks,
but it. soon became so. popular that Miss
Harned's engagement was extended there
for almost five months. "Iris" is a prob
lem play and may be classed with the
author's other plays, "The Second Mrs.
Tanqueray," "The Benefit of the Doubt,"
"The Notorious # Mrs. Ebbsmith" and
others. Miss Harned cornea to San Fran
cisco with practically the same company
that gave the play Its production in New
lork— in other words, Mr. Frohman has
surrounded her with the original cast,
save two. Henry Jewett, well known in
San Francisco, plays the part of Malda
nado. William Courtenay, another mem*
ber of Mi3s Harned's company, is well
known to San Francisco theater-goers.
J. Hartley Manners, the ever-faithful
friend of Iris Bellany (Miss Harned), wa3
last year the leading man for Mrs. Lang
try. Ethel Winthrop, Margaret Gordon,
Stanley Dark, Mabel Snider, Frederic
Burt, Lawrence Eddinger, Eleanor San
ford, Amy Meers and Harry Lewis are
the remaining members of Miss Harned's
company. Miss Sanford is a California
girl, having been born and brought up in
Oakland, though she lived for a number
of years in this city. "Iris" is a play that
runs somewhat long, and in consequence
the curtain will rise evenings at 8 and
at the matinees at 2. r * -."
Attractions New
ana .rientiiul at
Local Playhouses
"Let me— " Russo interrupted, his black
eyes glinting. "Travaglini was at Kiev.
He want eggs. 'He go in the store and
speak Milanese, but they know not. Then
The host laughed, pointed to the stop
per and said: "Better for me, better for
they. The whisky was good for one
week only before; good for two weeks
now. Five dollars more in tho pocket."
Something Travagltni said here led to
comment on his lingual accomplishments.
Cortesi said: "Travagletti— we call him
•Travagletti,' and Gregoretti 'Gregorini'
for Joke, you know— talks Milanese every
where he go. In Russia he talks Milan
ese. In France he talks Milanese, every
where (Milanese. In Kiev, you remem
ber—"
"Very good— what you call It?— fash-
Ion?" Travaglini settled it, helping him
self, "but Cortesi very—"
"I understood— I haven't looked over the
score yet— that the music Is light in
character?"— hoping for more from Is
chierdo. Though the tenor has not yet
learned to reserve his forces he is one of
the most intelligent singers the Tivoli
has had. *
"I think not," was his only reply.
"But you believe we shall enjoy it here
because we know the story?"^
"I think so," from Cortesi. Mme. Cor
tesi brought in here my coffee In a fine
old Italian pot, and with a bottle of some
thing that had a stopper like a scent bot
tle. "You take?"
"What is it?"
Travaglinl broke in: "Colored water.
Cortesi calls it whisky."
"No, thank you," I said. "Is that an
Italian fashion?"
•It is opera for musicians," Ischierdo
contributed In^Jie quick, vivid fashion
characteristic of him.
"Heavy, I think. TPagliaccl' more
easy of 'Zaza.' Most deeflcult of all the
Leoncavallo operas, 'Boheme,' 'Chatter
ton.' 'I'Medlci.' " x
"Do you think we shall like it here?"
"Yes, for you know the story. All the
same."
"They did not like it so well in Italy."
"No. They go to enjoy and not know
story, not like it."
"Finish? No hungry? Eat nothing!"
madarae cried as I refused a third serv
ing of macaroni. "He eat it," she smiled
at Russo.
"Mme. Cortesi very kind," I said to her
husband, "very good to all of you.,
Cortesi, himself the beau ideal of a
boniface, nodded "yes" and added: "This
is now my rest. Afterward we have big
dinner to get, then I must work. Work
all the time but now. Deeficult rehearsal
this morning."
"How is 'Zaza?' " I asked. .
Cortesi was meanwhile suggesting, while
he ladled spoonfuls of grated cheese Into
his. soup, that Travaglini sang because if
he didn't ho stuttered— a base llbeh The
retort was lost to me In a ripping roar
of r's.
Mme Cortesi filled his glass with Chi
anti. and mine, with the injunction "to
drink, as it ees good to drink," and Russo
raised his bumper for the rest to touch
to the following toast: "Here's to .Califor
nia, that made me forget Collamarini!"
Every one was evidently au fait with
the story, and regardful of Russo as if
he were a dear child with a cut finger.
"I have forgotten," he said, confidential
ly, to me. "Yes, I have. In Italy I talk
not, nor want to see any one, nor sleep,
nor eat. Here, yes, I am well again. It
is my home. You put that in the paper?
No. no. What can I say to make people
like me?" He pulled out absently a
pocketful of wilted violets and a pink as
he spoke. The circle laughed.
The hostess entering then with the
italiarini attracted his attention. He ex
claimed as she invited him to some, "An
gel call for me?"
spite of the defection of his Carmen
We* professed our sincere admiration,
while I took in the fact that the fiery
little Don Jose is looking superbly well, in
I hoped she would be in voice for the
evening— and the Benedetto voico Is a
lovely voice at its best— then turned to
find Cortesi, Russo and Borghese. They
were all mighty of appetite, and Mme.
Cortesi with tireless good nature waited
upon them, a merry word to each. Russo
had seated himself by me. •
C H <> W do you Californ'ians like dago
dinner?" he began.
Travaglini Interrupted his stately peri
ods with: "If you want to say anything
come to me. I say it for you!"
"He Jork much, very comic," Benedetto
laughed. Then with her gracious little
bow said: "Win you now excuse me? I
must go to rest for this evening. We
have been very glad to have you here."
Pasquale appeared beaming a moment
later in a brilliant collar and the freshest
of ties. I wish I could do Justice either
to them or to Don Pasquale's bow. He
is a comedian born, and the little inci
dent so impossible In an Anglo-Saxon set
ting was only amusing among these de
lightfully un-self-conscious Latins.
Mme. Cortesi was meanwhile supplying
every one bountifully, and as she brought
in some broiled steak and Implored me
to eat It, "for it make you very strong,"
Gregoretti arrived.
The famous baritone looked tired and
was. He has sung every week since he
came, and there had been a long and tir
ing rehearsal of "Zaza," which is new to
all the singers. He came up to shake
hands, and welcomed me in elaborate
English.
"I am so sorry," I stammered.
"All right; very good; I lak it," ap
proved his wife, who was trimness itself
in her neat blue gown, v.ith its white
front and coral chain.
And I simply couldn't explain.
"No good?" he laughed, and pointed to
his neck. He has the merriest laugh
imaginable.
Thinking he meant the collar, I said
emphatically. "No, no cood!"
But Don Pasquale Jumped up from the
table and vanished in a twinkling into an
inner room.
"Yes, a place where one can take off
one's collar," I put it, then discovered
miserably .that Don Pasquale's plump
neck was collarless!
"No, Italian now," Benedetto contra
dicted gracefully. The soprano has a very
pretty and tactful fashion of compliment.
Then after a "Thank you, Carlotta." for
her black coffee, she began to tell me
in her pretty lingo how Cortesi's was
"lak home."
"Good man. not boy," corrected Bene
detto prettily, and she looked over kindly
at the "boy tenor."
" "I lofe you, my darling.' " Travaglini
brum-brummed again, then said: "It was
%¦', I last night lost."
Ischierdo commented: "They think al
ways the basso have money."
•Poor Travaglini!" said Pasquale, and
explained to me: "He was in big crowd
at Sutter street, and one look In his face
last night and steal him 53."
"In Awstrawly (Australia) once also,"
Travaglini added: "I sing there many
month?, at Christmas."
"Is there much merry-making at Christ
mas in Italy?" I asked.
"Good time," said Benedetto, smiling
tenderly at her memories.
"Eat big," Travaglini added, with a jov
ial emphasis on the "big."
"Very fine_ much enjoyment, go to
church," Ischierdo supplied. "You Eng
lish," be asserted.
"You Italian" — from me.
"No, I am a Spaniard," Ischierdo cor
rected.
white nnd clear-eyed above his green
sweater.
"He is good boy," Don Pasquale struck
in.
There might have been all the time in
the world from the leisurely fashion In
which the artists were discussing the
menu. Cortesi told me afterward that
they not seldom ate and talked from 2 un
til 5 o'clock— worthy descendants of an
cient Rome! Neither is it a matter of half
e.n hour. look you. to wander through a
menu of the Cortesi kind, as nearly as I
tan - remember, including these things:
Salmon salad, 6oup, sliced raw ham,
stewed chicken, broiled steak, boiled beef,
peperone. Tag-llarinl, spinach, cake, fruit,
coffee, Chianti and apricot brandy, of
which all are expected to partake not
only once but twice, or even three times.
Benedetto, who sang Leonora in the
evening, took only soup and steak. "That
is. best for the voice," she explained, look-
"Two o'clock was the hour set, as the
t-ingers dine then and eat no more until
Bfter the, performance in the evening.
Two o'clock accordingly found the artist
and myself at the big front door of 707—
near by the square fronting the quaint
Greek church. I had Just time for a
tjuick revel in a colorful week's wash
lloating in the sun across the road before
the door opened. A kind-eyed, bare
trraed woman opened it, and nodded a
puzzled 1 welcome to us. She said nothing,
however, to our explanations, and we took
our way up the stairs, led through the
corridors at the top by the warm and
tpiced odors of the cooking.
Mine host was not In evidence, and the
lady of the door looked bewildered as we
again explained our presence. But there
was the sightly and fragrant steam issu
ing from a kitchen, spacious and darkly
rich, to the left of us, and the
round Italian laughter and clink of
knives and forks from the door fac
ing us. We were certainly at "Cortesi's,"
and not to be deterred. At length one of
the diners came out, and and I discovered
our f ri< nd of the door was Mme. Cortesi—
familiarly "Carlotta"— and "not used to
the English." A moment more and we
were at the table in the tunny dining
room, the center of hearty greetings.
Ccrtesi himself had not arrived, neither
Gregoretti, nor Travaglini, the "Zaza"
rehearsal claiming them. Mme. Bene
detto, plump and placid, headed the table.
Ischierdo eat at her right, Tedeschi by
him, and next me Don— no Signor— Pas
quale. Mme. Benedetto's husband, who,
madame smilingly explained. was
"very bad." "Carlotta" waited on her
guests with an ever ready quip and smile,
and soon placed before us a smoking
plate cf soup, of rice and tomatoes. I
was a little disappointed that Cortesi him
self had not done the cooking, for he Is
us good a chef as he is a Beppo in "Fra
Diavolo." Purely for picturesque reasons
though, for madame's dinner could not
have been bettered.
Pity it is that Mascagni never found
his way to Montgomery avenue. He
would then have liad no reason to think
SSan Francisco a macaronic desert. I had
the good fortune to be invited there my
rclf trie other day, with permission to
make a story of genius at home, i with
Signor Cortesi's "paying guests" — Lina di
Benedetto. Gregore.tti, Travaglini, Ischi
crdo, Rueso, Borghese anU Cortesi him
self as subjects. And I can answer for
the macaroni— but of that later.
Chianti of the freak ItaJian restaurant.
One may oat In Rome or Naples or Flor
ence itself by going to Little Italy, which
lies North lieach way. und forgets with
every block from Market street some
thing more of the West it is set in. There
Bignor Campaninl mend? your shoes. Sig
nor Toj-toni sells you tickets for Rome.
There Signora dl Medici gets up your
collars end gives you a black-eyed flash
ing "buon giorno." There Signor Iliica.
tells you a tsleak. Signor Martini p!ay.s
your sonatas. But more than all, there
It is that Signor Giulio Cortesi gives you
your dinner.
"You have that dinner to cook,"I re
minded him. It was half past 4 and one
of the shortest afternoons of my experi
ence. And with sincerest thanks for it
we left our hospitable host and hostess.
The barytonfe nodded an affirmative and
Cortesi contributed: "My part all reci
tativo, high, high, highl^Very tiresome—
you not go yet?" "SPSS-..
"I know Leoncavallo since many years,"
Cortesi said. "You would not think great
man. Big face, smallest eyes, look stu
pid. You say if you see him: 'Leonca
vallo? No; not possible!' But it is there,"
and Cortesi tapped his brow.
"You sing Cascart?" I asked Grego
rettl, who put in, a quiet word now and
then. Borghese, pale and thickly pom
psdoured, at Gregoretti's elbow, was even
quieter.
Travaglini protested that he said
"oeufs" when he was in France, but was
drowned in a chorus of laughter.
They got back to Leoncavallo, then to
"Zaza." I
he take pencil and draw. They know not
—give him cotton balls. Then he get up
mad and go 'cluck! cluck! cluck' and this
way," and Russo shoved away his chair,
crooked his legs, flapped his arms and
clucked in a fashion to give nine points
out of ten to the mimic birds of "The
Storks" this week.
• • •
The Chutes advertises the new Hyma
dryas in the zoo as a feature of the
week's attractions. .
Fischer's new burlesque, "Rubes and
Roses," is meeting with deserved success.
The next show, "I. O. U v " Is in active
preparation.
• • • •
The Central's offering this week is "Un
der the Polar Star," as its name implies
a drama of the north. There will be in
troduced in the spectacle a number of Es
quimaux and Esquimaux dogs, now on
their way to take part in the Arctic and
Alaskan exhibit at the St. Louis World's
Fair.
The Ingleside automobile races In the
blograph at the Orpheum are quite among
the most interesting numbers. Half of
the bill will also be new to-day and im
portant attractions are promised.
The California offers this week Miss
Rose Melville, "the only and original." in
Sis Hopkins. Most of us are acquainted
with the pig-tailed and pinafored Sis, in
pictures, and many will probably enjoy
seeing her on the stage. At any rate she
will be here this evening.
There is no cessation of interest ap
parent among the "Ben-Hur" contingent.
The big spectacle is filling the GrantV.
Opera-house every evening and promises
to do so until the close of the engagement.
A curious phase of it is the small crowd
that may be seen nightly going in about 10
o'clock. These, it appears, are men who
are anxious to see once again the famous
illusion of the chariot race. Night after
night the same men may be seen "taking
in" the race. They claim mat every time
it is seen it becomes more interesting.
So King Edward of England, when he
had the royal box -built in the pit of
Drury Lane in London, that he might ob
tain a view of this marvel of mechanical
ingenuity that corresponded with the view
obtained of an ordinary racecourse.
The picture series of the play still con
tinues to excite large admiration.
The management wishes to announce
that "Ben-Hur" will not be seen in any
other city in California, and probably not
again in San Francisco. The expense at
tached to moving such an immense or
ganization is so great that another West
ern tour is not among the possibilities.
The sale of seats for the last two weeks
of this engagement opened Thursday
morning, November 12. A special matinee
will be given Thanksgiving day.
time In town to-morrow evening. It Is
what is picturesquely called "a comedy
convulsion in three spasms" and Is titled
"The Club's Baby." New York and Lon
don have set the cachet of their im
portant approval upon the piece.
The Theater Magazine for November is
a splendid issue, containing an unusual
number of beautiful pictures and many
interesting and "timely articles. Walter
Browne contributes a sketch of Patti,
Irving and other famous English stars,
which is illustrated with old portraits and
also a reproduction of a rare theatrical
curio, in the shape of an old playbill dated
1S52, showing that Adelina Patti appeared
at the old Lyceum Theater. Broadway
and Broome street. New York, over half
a century ago. Another interesting arti
cle, by Willis Steele, describes the three
principal actors' clubs of New York, the
Players, the gift of Edwin Booth to his
fellow actors; the Lambs and the Green
rcom. This is profusely illustrated with
excellent pictures of the premises and
rooms of the clubs concerned. Ada Pat
terson has a charmingly written personal
interview with Maxine Elliott, which Is
likewise illustrated with unique pictures.
The opening of the musical season is
treated authoritatively by William J.
Henderson, and this department gives ad
mirable portraits of the new artists en
gaged by Mr. Conried for the Metropoli
tan Opera-house. Aubrey Lanston con
tributes another of: his delightfully writ
ten paper? on eighteenth century players,
dealing this time with the tragic death of
Peg Wofflngton. Extracts of passages
from Paul's journal album are also an
Interesting feature.
• • •
"Miss Elliott was bowling gently alpng
Fifth avenue in her automobile as she
spoke, and her progress was In the na
ture of a triumphal march. Men and
women, forgetting amenities in their ad
miration, craned their necks and leaned
from their carriages^-The words 'Maxine
Elliott,' alternated with 'Isn't she beauti
ful?' wer« forming in foolish pantomime
on busy lips beneath staring eyes, but
up»n them all the dark, lovely profile
turned in serene unconsciousness.
S "Had any ripple of vanity ever stirred
the calm depths of this woman's soul?
It was doubtful. One might Imagine tho
youthful, strong Maxine Elliott fifteen
years back gazing into her mirror, indif
ferently estimating her loveliness as a
possible factor In the. assets of a future
stage career. It is conceivable, too, that
she may have graciously smiled at the
rapturous admiration of a lover. But tho
joy which comes with the sudden knowl
edge of the power of beauty she has prob
ably never known, or long ago forgotten."
" 'It is no help for a woman at the be
ginning of her career,' she said. 'On the
contrary, it Is a positive hindrance to be
a so-called stage beauty. It challenges
attention, and one's poor beginnings as
an artist stand out the more glaringly be
cause of the prominence one would so
gladly escape during those first two or
three years.
" 'If,' she continued, 'the young actress
have the other things needful for suc
cess, and after years of work and waiting
attain success, then good looks do not
stand in her way. They may even be a
little help. But at best beauty is only a
fifth wheel. You have but to look at the
successful women of the stage to prove
this. They are plain almost without ex
ception. It is in the choruses of the ex
travaganzas that you find the real pro
fessional beauties. They are the peers of
any beauty In the world, but their beauty
alone without talent and determination
and work will never get them out of the
chorus. Really It is, as I said, a fifth
wheel.' .:."
Writing of Maxine Elliott in the Novem
ber issue of the Theater Magazine Ada
Patterson says: — '
"In her serene, statuesque beauty Max
ine Elliott reminds one of the straight,
majestic pine trees of her native Maine.
But the actress herself, like most hand
some women who also possess - brains,
deprecates and even resents the attention
and admiration her beauty excites. She
who has been called the most beautiful
woman in tho world regards mere beauty
with contempt. In her opinion she has
assets more valuable than her good looks.
For Instance, she has mentality, tempera
ment, repose and ambition.
" 'Beauty is only a fifth wheel,' she
said seriously to the writer one morning
shortly after her .first appearance at the
Garrick, and unsmilingly and with earn
estness she proceeded to elucidate thi3
queer text, declaring herself weary of the
eternal subject of beauty, almost ashamed
of it, this thing for the possession of.
which most women would lay down their
lives.
The title of the new burlesque, that was
written for Fischer's Theater by a promi
nent attorney, has been named "I-O-U,"
and it will be put on after "Rubes and
Roses." Dr. H. J. Stewart Is writing the
music.
. While on a visit to Mulal Abdul Aziz,
Sultan of Morocco, at his palace in Fez
last summer, Rudolph Aronson composed
for and dedicated to His Majesty a Moor
ish intermezzo and named it "The Cara
van." The Sultan was so pleased that he
had It arranged for and it has been played
on frequent occasions in Morocco by his
private band of ilfty European musicians.
"The Club's Baby," a farce that comes
with a promising record of success from
London and New York, will be presented
this week.
Bonallty, good looks. As a girly girl, for
example, it would be difficult to find an
Ingenue more attractive than Miss Fran
cea Starr. Her Eva Webster this week
in "The Private Secretary" is delightful.
Adele Block, the new leading lady, has
also a distinctive personality, much vivac
ity and an unusual piquant beauty. John
B. Maher, whose "private secretary" of
the week is such a clever impersonation,
again is a most able "character man,"
and George Osbourne's old men are fa
mous. He is excellent this week as Uncle
Cattermole. Mr. Durkin, the new lead
ing man, has also "made good," and al
together the company is the most ade
quate recently gathered together here.
One notes, too, gratefully, the mainte
nance if not the surpassal of the high
standard of the mountings of the plays
so long associated with the popular little
theater, and to Mr. E. D. Price, the new
manager of the house, the chief praise
of course goes. One gratefully accords it.
IT itruck us that whenever help was
needed anywhere or for anything
the actor was always called upon
to jive his services, and that It
would perhaps be only Just for the
public to take turns In helping tha
• actor," thus Mr. Leahy, treasurer of tha
. Theatrical Managers' Association In
I speaking of the benefit to be given for
• the organization's funds on Friday after
• noon next at the Alhambra.
| AH who love the player folk will agree
with Mr. Leahy, have indeed aubstan
. tlally agreed with him for the last four
: years. Then it was tha* the association
, was founded, and it is unique to San
Francisco. On the occasion of the we!
' come home to the California Volunteers
in 1S93 the theatrical managers in com
bination cave a benefit that netted no
less than $11,000. The success of the com
bined benefit was the inspiring fact in
the founding of the Theatrical Manners'
Association, though the need of such a
society had before been freauently and
painfully demonstrated. Before the asso
ciation was enabled to assist the actor,
ill, penniless, stranded, the Actors' Fund,
with its headquarters in New York, was
his only source of help. The time lost
in reaching the New York society from
the "Western side of things was the source
of much suffering among the needy act
ors, though the theatrical managers do
much with their right hands thai their
left hands know naught of. Still there
was much needless suffering, and the
Theatrical Managers' Association has
gone far to remedy it.
There is a little, thin, leather-bound
book in Mr. Leahy's desk that tells the
story of it all. It holds more tears than
one likes to think of in a single day be
tween Its stiff columns of figures. Its sim
ple rows of names. Name3 there are In
it once Idolized, some still loved, more
forgotten, but all telling of the passing
of worldly favor. A famous singer, fa
mous no less for her surpassing generosity
to her fellow artist3 than for her art, is
here in humble and grateful receipt of $3
a week. A brilliant comedienne of yes
terday, once the idol of th© gay world.
deDends upon a like sum for her chief
support. A young actor, little more than
a boy. rapidly gaining a name when con
sumption struck him down, la surrounded
by every comfort possible during his last
days. There are large sums going to tha
hospitals, stranded actor3 and their fam
ilies transported to their homes, donations
made to the Actors' Fund, to the Salva
tion Army, the last services rendered to
the dead, contributions mada to such
fund3 as that for the Galveston sufferers,
and activity of the widest reach. And to
make these things possible one has only
to put one's hand In one's pocket for a
programme that embraces every attrac
tion in town, the best entertainment of
the w*ek.
But San Francisco has always remem
bered, since the association save the plav
lovers their chance. It will not be th<5
managers' fault if they forget this time.
These gentlemen have been rounding u;>
the phllanthropica'.ly inclined in the fast
est automobile in town this week. And
few have escaped.
• -••...« • .-..•• • i ¦
The musical season in New York opened
on Friday evening last, when Hermann
Wetzler gave his first orchestral concer*.
which was also the debut In this country
of Jacques Thibaud, the celebrated
French violinist. The latter was heard fan
the Mozart and Saint-Saens concertos,
and before he had played many bars it
was evident .that he was worthy of the
great praise that had preceded him and
that he is an artist of the first rank. Per
sonally Thibaud is tall and slender, with
long hair hanging from either side of his
head and cut square at the end, after the
style of the old masters. His manner is
easy, natural, unembarrassed, yet unas
suming—the pose of an artist who Is sure
of himself. In addition, he is extremely
good looking.
His playing has polish, delicacy and
beauty of tone. "In the Saint-Saens con
certo he was the brilliant technician." said
the New York Tribune; "nervous, energet
ic, firm, masterful, holding the elements
of his art in a conquering grasp. In the
Mozart concerto he was the poetic inter
preter of an exquisite artistic proclama
tion, swayed by lovely and lofty emo
tions. His tone is true and pure. Tha
best oroof of the genius of Thibaud is
that he seems more anxious to win af
fection than to compel amazement and
this is one of the finest proofs of genlu3."
Thibaud's debut was an auspicious open- '*
Ing of the musical season. He is an
nounced for his first recital In Carnegie
Hall on November 20. Before that, how
ever, he is to play with the Xew York
Philharmonic Society at their first brace
of concerts on November 13 and 14, when
he is to play the Lalo concerto under tho
direction of Edouard Colonne, the fam
ous Parisian conductor, who was tha
first to discover the genius of Thibaud.
while this latest idol of the New York
public was playing in a cafe of tho Latin
quarter of Paris some eight years ago.
• • •
Carl Reinecke, the amiable and charm- .
ing composer, has recently paid a very
pretty compliment to a local musician, Sir
Henry Heyman. A few days ago Sir
Henry received a small roll of music from
Leipzig that turned out to be a "Ro
raanze" for violin and piano by Relnecke.
Sir Henry was naturally pleased with th©
attention, but a little puzzled as to Its
particular bearing. Further examination,
however, revealed the pretty fact that
Relnecke had dedicated the "Romanze"
to his San Francisco friend. In memory
of a little talk the two had had eight long
years ago. At that time Sir Henry was
ip Leipzig and a visitor one evening at
Relnecke's house. They were talking mu
sic, inevitably, and the local man asked
Relnecke why he did not write somthing
for the violin that the average violinist
might look at without winking. This was
apropos of gome then new and difficult
violin movements by the composer. Rei
necke replied that he supposed the thlng3 ;
were difficult, and that some day \ig%
would "see." That he has "seen" ap
pears from the "Romanze," a graceful
and musical fancy that lies easily under
tho fingers, and better, the veteran writer
— Reinecke is 73 years old— has charmingly
shown that he has not forgotten tha Uttla
chat that perhaps led to its writing.
THE SAN PKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1903.
46WOMEN OF FRATERNITIES
WHO HAVE AIDED FELLOW
MEMBERS IN DISTRESS.
The Woodmen.
ALL the neighbors of Woodcraft
in San Francisco will turn out
on the evening of November 17,
and the neighbors of the Women of Wood
craft will also turn out to receive Head
Consul Falker.burg at the Alhambra The
ater. There will be a programme of mu
sic and specialty numbers, and during the
evening Head Consul Falkenburg will ad
dress tha meeting. The head consul will
remain in California for several months
and during his stay will appear at sev
eral open meetings that are to be held
under the auspices of the camps of this
city, and ejMwfcm,
American Foresters.
COURT ACME of the Foresters of
America has arranged for a social
evening in the Alcazar building on
the night of November 20.
Court Seal Rock has concluded arrange
ments for its annual ball to be given in
Native Sons* Hall on the night of Novem
ber 21. The grand march win be started
at 8:30 p. m.
Court Cour de France will celebrate its
first anniversary in the Alcazar Social
Hall on the evening of November IS.
There will be a collation and speech-mak
ing.
Court Presidio had an anniversary ban-
The National Union.
THE ofiQcial visit of the San Fran
cisco" Cabinet of the National
"nion to El Capitan Council on the
first Thursday in November was well at
tended and there was an old time frater
nal greeting to the visitors by the officers
and members of the council. The council
obligated a number of candidates, an
nouncing that the secret work will be
given in Golden Gate Hall on the night of
December 3, when a large class of stran
gers will receive the degrees in the pres
ence of Senate President Jeffris and Sen
ate Secretary Myers. A feature of the
evening. was the action of one of the can
didates who had been obligated. After
the obligation he was presented a copy
of the laws of the order: and a blank ap
plication, with a request that he have the
same signed by some eligible person of
his acquaintance.' As he was handed the
application he said: "Mr. President. I can
go- you one better,'! and with that he
handed him two applications already
signed by. friends who want to join the or
der.
California Council at its last held mect-
Native Sons.
THE trolley ride of Hesperian Par
lor of the Native Sons of the
Golden "West was a decided suc
cess. It took five cars to accorsmodata
the members and gentlemen and lady
frlend3. The trip was made in an hour
and a quarter and on reaching their desti
nation the excursionists marched to the
rooms of the San Mateo Athletic Club,
where there was dancing for some time
and then a collation was served. The
visiting parlor was assisted by San Ma
teo Parlor, N. S. G.^W., and Monte Roblea
Parlor of the Natlfte Daughters, who did
much to make the affair a success. The
party left San Mateo at midnight. Tha
affair was under the direction of G. P.
Theller L. J. Fenn. II. Dowden Jr.. P. S.
Higgins and G. Flannasan.
Young Men's Institute.
GRAND PRESIDENT JAMES D.
WHALEN of the Young Men's
Institute has made the following
appointments:. £-'•„*.
Committee on laws and supervision— E.
R. Myrick, No. 1, San Francisco, chair
man; J. J. Burke, No. 8, Oakland; Wil
liam A. Kelly, No. 59, San Francisco;
Tom A. Cody, No. 27, Sacramento; E. G.
Fitzgerald, No. 470, San Francisco.
Committee on state of the institute-
David M. Burnett, No. San Jose: Dr.
T H. Morris, No. 55, San Francisco; F.
E Farmer, No. 53, San Francisco; J. H.
Le Sage, No. 473, Los Angelea; F. A. Grif
fin. No. 11, Sacramento. - .
Arbitration committee — James Gallagher,
No. 64, Fresno: J. H- Long, No. 8, Oak
land* J. J. Callaghan, No. 47, Livermore;
Rev T J O'Connell, No. 24, Alameda; J.
F Linehan, No. 33, San Francisco; C. J.
Jacobs, No. 5, Stockton; Rev. James A.
Grant. No. 3, San Francisco.
Publicity committee— George A. Stanley,
No. 55, San Francisco: P. J. Haggerty,
No" 72, San Francisco; M. A. Mclnnl3, No.
6 Oakland; S. A: Riley, No. 129, Sau
Francisco; William H. Murphy, No. 470,
San Francisco.
Committee to promote united effort— A.
F. St. Sure, No. 24, Alameda; Neal Power,
No. 59. San, Francisco ; J. B. Queen, No.
35, San Francisco. '
-He has appointed the following district
and council deputies:
District deputies— For Councils 1, 3 and
4, San Francisco, T. J. - Stanton, No. 1;
Councils 7, 34 and 508, San Francisco, Ar
thur J. Sullivan, ¦ No. 34; Councils 35, «>5
and 69, San Francisco, F. E. Farmer, No.
59; Councils 72. 74 and 470, San Francisco,
E. D. .. Sullivan, No. 72; Councils 460, CG5
and 310, San Francisco, W.S. Drascovich,
Native Daughters.
DURING the last ten days Grand
President Finkeldey paid official
visits to Marguerite Parlor of
Piacerville. Joaquln Parlor of Stockton
and Fern Parlor cf Folsom; also to
Orinda Parlor, Native Daughters of the
Golden West, in this city. At each place
she was pleasantly received and well en
tertain efi.
The grand president announces the fol
lowing visitations for December: To San
MigTJel, December 2; San Luisita Parlor,
3; Rena del Mar, 4; Buena Ventura Par
lor. 6; Los Piementos Parlor, 7; Los An
geles and Esperanza parlors, 10 and U;
Tejon Parlor. 14; Visalia, 15; Veritas Par
lor, 1G; Mariposa Parlor, IS; Oakdale Par-
Icr. 21: Cora de Oro Parlor, 22; La Pa
loma Parlor, 23; Santa Cruz Parlor. 2S;
Aleli Parlor, 29, and Pajaro Parlor. Z\ la
January ehe will visit Keith Parlor on
the 4th; Calaveras Parlor on the 5th; Gen
evieve Parlor, Cth; Piedmont Parlor, 7th.
On the occasion of the visit of the
gTand president to Fern Parlor of Fol
scm during the first week in November
the was accompanied by that most esti
mable Native Daughter. Past Grand Pres
ident Mrs. Ema Gett of Sacramento,
who. in and out of .office, has always
manifested a deep Interest in the welfare
of the order. During the visit the officers
of Fern Parlor exemplified the work of
ihe order in a manner that was bo satis
factory that the grand president ex
pressed herself as well pleased with the
effectiveness In which the officers dis
charged their respective duties. The par
lor was also addressed by the past grand
president. A very pleasant evening was
k^rxnt and at the close of the meeting Mrs.
rjrnhofr, paet president of the parlor, on fts^
behalf presented a handsome cutglass
vase to Miss Finkeldey and a cuiglass
nappy to Mrs. G«tt
At Marguerite Parlor, Piacerville. the
grand president witnessed excellent work
by the officers and found that subordinate
In sn exceedingly prosperous condition.
Odd Fellows.
THE prospects are that the meet
ing of representatives of all the
branches of Odd Fellowship In
this State on the evening of November
23, for the purpose of taking the prelim
inary steps to receive the Sovereign
Grand Lodge when It shall meet In this
city In 1S04, will be one. of the most im
portant gatherings that has been known
In this order since the eeml-centennial
celebration. Reports received at head
quarters are to the effect that there will
be a very large attendance of delegates
and that plans for a magnificent recep
tion v.i!l be adopted. A feature will be
a parade by representatives from all the
branches of the order, including a dis
play by twenty cantons of the Patriarchs
Militant.
Three new lodges have been Instituted
in Los Angeles County during the last
thirty days. One at Artesla, one at Saw
telle and the other at Los Angeles.
A new lodge will soon be Instituted et
Clovls, Fresno County. '
The lodge in Grass Valley celebrated
the fiftieth anniversary of its institution
during th« first week In November by
appropriate ceremonies and a social hour.
Napa Lodge will celebrate the golden
anniversary of its Institution during the
latter part of the current month.
President Mrs. Alma L Jensen of tho
California Assembly Cf Rebekahs an
nounces, the following visitations: Cali
fornia Lodge, San Francises, November
21; Triple Link Lodge, Lakeport,
24th; Knocktl Lodge at Kelseyville,
23th; Queen of the Lake Lodge,
Upper Lake. 26th; Clear Lake Lodge
at Lower Lake, 27th, and Oro Fino
Lodge, 30th. To Alameda Lodge, Alame
da, December, 1; Hay wards Lodge, Hay
v.ards, Sd; Sunset Lodge, Oakland, 4th;
Oakland Lodge, Oakland, 5th; Alder Glen
Ix>dge, Occidental, Sth; Sebastopol Lodge,
Sebastopo!, 9th; Liberty Lodge, Healds
burg, 10th: Oakleaf Lodge, Santa Rosa,
11th, and Verdant Lodge, Sonoma, 12th.
San Francisco Rebekah Drill Corps -No.
2 had a practice drill on the first Friday
in November, after which there was a
business meeting, when the corps. In ac
cordance with a recent decision of tTie
order, was disbanded and. was reorganized
under the name of the San Francisco
Rebekah Drill Team No. l^and. the offl-
talnment and ball on the evening of the
first Wednesday in November in Union
Square Hall.- Numerically and otherwise
the function was a most satisfactory one
to the members of the council. The enter
tainment programme included the follow
ing numbers: Overture, orchestra; ad
dress, William Goldman; vocal solo, J.
Harris; song and dance, Lois Underwood;
farce. "Captain Impudence," in which the
characters were assumed by H. McFar
land, Charles West, Jennie Unger, Misa
Florence Logeman and "the German
girl." Ethel McGalvin. After the pro
gramme there .was dancing until mid
night. The committee was composed of
Mrs. Alice Goodall, Miss J. Dondero, Mrs.
T. Brinkman, Miss L. Unger, Mrs. Kate
Adams, Miss * M. Kummerlander, Miss
Kantrowitz, Miss L. Wood, C. West and
E. Gilleran. v^ :,- -
The Eastern Star.
THE following elections !n the or
der of the Eastern Star have taken
place in this city during tha last
week;
King Chapter— Dora A. Wright,
matron: Zalla Glasser, associate ma
tron; Isaac B. Schantz. patron; Ade
laide E. Illckle, conductress; Helena
Cohn, associate conductress; Sarah Da
vid, recording secretary, and Sarah Cohn,
treasurer.
Golden Gate Chapter— Dr. Any Florence
Temple, matron; Anna Elizabeth Ferson,
associate matron : Franklin Oehrn. patron;
Daisy Pabst. conductress; Caroline Osel
vie. associate conductress; .Cathrina
Johnson, recording secretary, and Addia
L. Ballou. treasurer.
Olive Branch Chapter— Theresa Freder
icks, matron; Miss M. S. Reed, associate
matron; Roy Block, patron; Meta Wol
ters, conductress; Miss E. M. Schantz. as
sociate conductress; Sadie J. Kahn, secre
tary: M. Kenall, treasurer.
Beulah Chapter— Mary E. Donoho,
matron: Albert Danielson. patron: Geneva
Williams, associate matron; Emma Wed
emeyer, conductress; Mrs. R. Danielson.
associate conductress; Mary H. Todd,
secretary, and E. Emma Rahlmin,
treasurer.
No. 460; Councils 6 and 8 of Oakland, 24 of
Alameda and 47 of Livermore, George P.
R, Clark. No. 6; Council 473 of Los Ange
les, A. Schwamm, No. 473; Councils 11 and
27 of Sacramento and 5 of Stockton, Frank
J. O'Brien, No. 11; Councils 9 of Petaluma,
10 of San Rafael, 45 of Sonoma and 30S of
Santa Rosa, John P. Plover, No. 30S:
Councils 13 of Vallejo, 16 of Bcnicla, 21 of
Napa, 25 of Martinez and 86 of Port Costa,
Rev. H. Kelly, O. P.. No. 16; Councils 12
of Santa Cruz, 42 of Watsonville and 44 of
Gilroy, W. G. Fitzgerald, No. 44; Councils
2 of San Jose, 43 of Menlo Park and 307 of
San Mateo, David M. Burnett, No. 2;
Councils 61 of Castroville, SS of Salinas
and 304 of Monterey, Thomas W. Kelly,
P. G. P., No. 12; Council 41, Virginia City,
George D. Pyne. No. 41; Councils 20 of
Grass Valley and IS of Marysville, Matt
Arnoldy No. IS; Councils 67 of Eureka
and 94 of Ferndale, Joseph O'Neill. No. 67;
Councils 64 of Fresno and S7 of Merced,
T. E. Collins, No. 64; Council 46, San Luis
Obispo, T. J. Bow en, No. 46.
Council deputies: For No. 1, T. J. Stan
ton; No. 2, David M. Burnett; No. 3,
Alexis -Andler; No. 4, Dr. F. B. Kane;
No. 5, D. J. O'Keefe; No. 6, George P. R.
Clark; No. 7, M. T. Reilly; No. 8, M. R.
Bronner; No. 9, Rev. J. J. Dollard; No.
10, Frank P. Grady; No. 11. Frank J.
O'Brien; No. 12, William Hortan; No. 13.
E. V. Williams; No. 16, Rev. H. Kelly.
O. P.;. No. IS, Matt Arnoldy: No. 21, E.
Flanagan ;• No. 24, Frank N. Dodd; No. 25.
James McKenna; No.- 27, W, Douglas;
No. 29, Joseph P. Kenny; No. 34, Arthur
J. Sullivan: No. 35, Thomas W. Butcher;
No. 41, George D. Pyne; No. 42.
O. D. Stroesser; No. 43, Rev. D.
Ballly; No. 44. Walter G. Fitzgerald; No.
45, A. D. Graham; No. 46, T. J. Bowen;
No. 47, A, Hartmann; No. 55, Lionel L.
Deane; No. 53, F. E. Fanner; No. 61,
John Foster; No. S4, T. E. Collins; No.
67, Joseph O'Neill; No. 72. E.' D. Sullivan;
No. 74, John Reldy; No. 86, James Ahem;
No. 87, P. H. Griffin; No. 88, R. Pontacq;
No. 94, W. Early; No. 304, Rev. R. M.
Mestres; No. 307, M. Sheehan; No. 303,
John P Plover; - Ifo. 310, P. F. Canavan;
No. 460, W. S. Drascovich; No. 470, Frank
J. Daunet; No. 473, A. Schwamm; No. 605,
Charles D. O'Connor; No. 565, Camillo
Marzo. - SSis
Ing received several applications and un
der good for the order purchased a box
in the Grand Opera-house for the night
of the National Union Theater party,
when the play of "Over Niagara" will be
presented and a number of features will
be introduced between acts. The presi
dent of the senate will address the audi
ence on that night. After the business
Speaker Ker took charge of the council
and introduced one of his exceedingly
pleasing programmes of entertainment.
Among the numbers was a piano recital
by Thomas Nowlan, vocal selections by
the California Council Quartet: perform
ance on a one-string violin, Mr. Purdy;
comic magic, Mr. Carter; a boxing con
test, banjo duet and Vocal selections. The
large attendance at council meetings to
listen to Speaker Ker's programme Is an
evidence that a good entertainment after
routine business will draw a crowd.
El Dorado Council at its last held meet
ing also received a number of applications
which will be acted upon at the next
meeting. This council also subscribed for
a box for the theater party.
Golden Gate Council on November 10 ob
ligated two strangers and received six
applications. At the next meeting of the
council the members will enjoy the usual
Thanksgiving night entertainment. This
council has taken a box for the theater
party and will fill it with children dressed
in patriotic colors. After the meeting
there were addresses by Visitors from
Chicago councils who are temporarily in
the city, and by Senator Field and Depu
ty J. N. Bunting.
Pacific Council will be In evidence at the
Grand Opera-house on the night of the
theater party, for It has bought a box
for National Union night, and the indi
vidual members will attend with wives or
lady relatives.
El Capitan Council will have a ladles'
night in its council chamber In Native
Sons' building on the evening of Novem
ber 19.
The Ladies' Auxiliary to the National
Union was organized on" the last Satur
day in November. There was a good pro
portion of the many signers to a petition
for a charter present, and they all signed
the constitution. The object of the auxil
iary Is to assist the councils of the order
in social functions. Mrs. D. Oliver Jr.
was elected president of the new organ
ization, which is called an assembly; Mrs.
A, Gfroerer was elected vice chairman:
Mrs. M. J. Katz. recording secretary; Mrs.
W. K. Wheelock, financial secretary, and
Mrs. H. L. Simon treasurer. The new or
ganization will meet every second and
fourth Thursday and It is expected that
In a short time tho new association will
number 200.
The Red Men.
THE "at home" given by Pocahon
tas Tribe of the Improved Order
of Red Men on the evening of
the first Friday In November in the As
sembly Hall of the Post-street wigwam
was a very pleasant affair, that was
given under the supervision of W.\ C.
Hanke, floor manager; T. M. Fink, assist
ant; A. M. Brown, S. Sellg, S. L. Whlp
ple, H. O. Eifert. F. V. Jones, Edward
Rogers. G. B. Merrill and G. F. Deeney.
The numbers of the programme of enter
tainment before the dance were con
tributed by Samuel Smoot, Robert Madi
son, Farrell and Webb, Vincent Kennedy,
Arthur M. Carlton and E. P. Theiren.
The features of the programme were the
specialties of Mr. Madison, who gave
clever imitations of stage people, among
the best were those of Mrs. Pat Campbell,
In "The Joy of Living"; Henry Miller, in
"Hearstease"; Florence 'Roberts, in
"Sapho," and 'Mile. Tongere singing
"Hello! Mah Baby." His performance
won him much applause. ' ¦
Great Sachem Samuels and Great Chief
of Records Bliss, accompanied by the de
gree team of Red Cloud and Red Jacket
Tribes of Sacramento and District Deputy
Fisher of Cosumnes Tribe, visited Marys
ville last week, where they Instituted
Apache Tribe No. 14S with sixty-five char
ter members. The degrees In the ampli
fied form were conferred by the teams of
th,n tribes named, with the assistance of
District Deputy Great Sachem Fisher.
The membership of the new tribe is made
up of well known people of the city
named. The sachem is Thomas Richards
and the chief of records is Matt Arnoldy.
The tribe was organized by Special Or
ganizer B. Stovall, who has since moved
his base of operations to Chico, where he
is now organizing a new tribe. He ex
pects to have it ready fe-r institution by
the middle of next month.
The open meeting of Sioux Tribe at
Long Beach In the latter part of October
was a successful affair, it being- attended
by nearly the entire membership and a
large number of invited guests, who were
advised as to the principles of the order.
A number became Impressed with the idea
that it was good to be a Red Man and
presented applications for admission. A
result of that meeting will be the adop
tion of a large number of palefaces during
the current month. The degrees will be
conferred by a team of Sequoia Tribe.
U. Stewart, chief of records of Weeott
Tribe of Scotia, Humboldt County, was
in this city last week for the purpose o£
obtaining pointers In the manner of con
ferring the degrees according to the new
ritual. The tribe is securing a number of
palefaces for adoption in the near future.
C. B. Emmermann, chief of records of
Powhattan Tribe, called on the great chief
of records last week and reported that
his tribe is doing well and that at its next
meeting it will have a class of six pale
faces to adopt, and that the degree will
be conferred by a team from Umpqua
Tribe.
Emello Lastreto, grand representative
to the Great Council of the United States
from California, has been confined to his
home with inflammatory rheumatism
since his return from the recent session
of that body. As soon as he can leave
his home he will take a trip to the south
ern part of the State.
Monadnock Tribe at its last held meet
ing had six candidates for adoption. Tha
tribe has appointed a committee, with
Porter L. Bliss as chairman, to arrange
for a masquerade ball to be given on the
evening of the third Saturday In March.
There will be a number of novel features
introduced during the evening, one of
which. will be stereopticon views illustra
tive of the order of Red Men.
A delegation of four from Ogalalla Tribe
of Gilroy came to this city last week for
the purpose of witnessing the manner In
which the new ritual is put on, so as to
be able to instruct their officers/ --
Onclda Circle of the Degree of Poca
hontas cavej its fourth anniversary enter-
Ancient Order Workmen
THE visit of the Past Masters
Association of San Francisco to
the Past Masters* Association of
Oakland- was a decidedly pleasant reunion
of those who have passed through tha
chairs. Many of the visitors were of the
"old guard," who were presiding lodge
officers in the early days of tho order in
this city. Prominent among tho number
were Past Masters Barnes. Booth, Ma
gulre. Smith. Stern, McKenzIe and Ohea.
They were received In the hall of Pacific
Lodge, where they were accorded a cor
dial welcome, and at the close of business
the meeting place was turned over to tha
Past Masters of Oakland, the meeting
being presided over by Dr. J. L. Mayon.
grand medical examiner. There was a
short business meeting, which included
the acceptanca of an invitation to attend
tho tenth anniversary celebration of the
San Francisco Past Master* on December
7. Then followed an address of welcome
and responses by those whose names have
already been given and Past Masters Mc-
Donald, Isaacs, Gilmore, Ingler. Tate,
McCowan, Carrigan, Fuller and Cogan.
The tenth anniversary of the Institution
of the Past Masters' Association of th'3
city will be celebrated in Shiels* building
In this cHy on Monday, December 7. with
an appropriate programme under the di
rection of a committee composed of Grand
Receiver Sam Booth, Past Master Dantoa
and Past Master Joy.
On Tuesday evening the lodge at New
man will have a celebration and open
meeting, when the principal address of
the evening will be delivered by Past
Grand Master W. H. Barnes.
Excelsior Lodge will have a social on
the evening of the fourth Wednesday in
November. A part of the entertainment
will be a display of interesting stereopti-
The "social given In Ruby Hall. Red
Men's building, on the first Saturday ia
November was attended by a very largo
number of. people. There was a very
pleasing programme, consisting of music,
songs, recitations, readings and fancy
dancing under the direction of Annie Lee,
Ella Peck. Mabel Lester. Martha G. Les
ter. M. Bain, C. R- Shea and Mrs. 31.
Simpson-
As a souvenir of the occasion the parlor
president. Mrs. Mary Swansborough, pre
sented the grand officer with a beautiful
gilt clock.
On her return fromPlacervllle the grand
presldent.remained in Sacramento for sev
i ral days, during which time she was the
special guest of Mrs. Gett at her elegant
home on P street. While there she was
entertained at whist and met many of tr.e
members of the three parlors of the capi
tal city. A correspondent in an account
of this affair says: "The hostess was as
sisted by Miss Mae Burgesse in receiv
ing, and the disposition of the ladies was
such that all were well pleased, not only
with their entertainment, but all wero
happy to meet in a social way the grand
president. The parlors were decorated
with smilax, and a wealth of early beau
tiful flowers from Tokio, Japan, added to
the perfectness of the adornment of the
lovely home of the hostess. There were
ten tables. The first prize was awarded
to Mies Amy Grcenlaw, whose score was
complete: the second to Miss Berdina
Ward and the third to Miss Mattie White,
while the prize for learning the game was
piven to Mrs. Percy Curtis. The ladies
oi the order are to be congratulated on
the charming personality of the grand
president, whose unselfishness in the po
sition she occupies is evidenced by the ap
iointm^nts she has made in the local par
lors."
Princess Parlor of Angels at its last held
meeting Initiated four candidates. After
the work of the evening there was a sup
per of first-class Mexican tamales. The
I-arlor now has a membership of sev
c-nry-one.
The entertainment that was given in
Fan Mateo by the members of Monte Ro
bles Parlor In the first week of Novem
ber was a decided social and financial
success.
A new oarlor has been instituted at
Redding, Shasta County, with thirty-five
charter members.
C. D. Bonestel, a pioneer of the State
and of Ventura County, father of Past
Grand President Mrs. Cora B. Clifford,
died at his home in Ventura a few days
since.
The following named were visitors at
the office of Grand Secretary Mies Frakes
during the past ten days: Annie McDon
ald, Piedmont No. S7; Susie Kalthoff
Christ, Tosemite No. S3; Amy Florence
Temple. M. D., Keith No. 137; Meta Rug
lar, Keith No. 137; Olive Wood. Gabrielle
No. 125; Ella R. Dunbar, Ruby No. 46;
Sadie Brown, Gabrielle No. 139; Alice
Clemence Ticoulet, Buena Vista No. CS;
Jennie Greene, Buena Vista No. CS; Mrs.
I. Allen, Manzanita No. 23; Mrs. J. P.
Kenny, Manzanita No. 29; May Bolde
mann. La Estrella No. S9; Teresa L. Gan
non, San Francisco; Alma M. Bock. Pied
mont No. 87; Mary A. Dempsey, Minerva
No. 2; Lillian XL Riddell, Las Torrosas
No. 131; Mrs. Mamie Daniels, Fremont
No. 5P; Louise Roussel, Bonita No. 10;
Emma D. Ralph, Keith No. 137; Hannah
M. Bailey, Keith No. 137; Jennie A. Ohle
rich, Calaveras No. 103; Rose A, Ca*ley,
Ursula No. 1; Branice Peguillai;, Gene
vieve No. 132; Eliza D. Keith, P. G. P.,
Alta No. 3; Vinnie Phillips. Mariposa No.
C3; Annie F. Lacy, Las Lomas No. 72;
Kate W. Cooper. Santa Cruz No. 26;
Grand President Stella FInkeldey; Emma
G. Foley, grand treasurer, Orinda No. 56;
M. T. Foran, Tejon No. 137; Genevieve
Watson Baker, P. G. P.; Millie Tletjen,
Golden State No. 50; Emma Thierbach, La
Estrella No. S9; Clara F. Peache, Ama
pola No. 80, and Sara G. Sanborn, Aloha
No. 106.
cers of the old corps were elected as the
officers of the team. It had a theater
party in the Lyceum Theater Friday
evening.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge will give an ex
hibition of Mrs. Jarley's wax works In
Prospect Hall of the Odd 'Fellows' build-
Ing on Monday, November 30. This is a
very laughable show and the figures will
be represented by members of the lodge
with Mrs. Eola M. Cyrus as Mrs. Jar
ley. The committee that is superintend
ing this show is composed of J. T. Carren
and J. L. Robinson.
The trustees > of the Orphans' Home at
Gilroy paid a visit of inspection to that
institution last week and report every
thing in fine condition.
The "bloomer drill" by members of Am
ity Lodge of the Rebekahs'in Native
Sons' Hall last week was a decided suc
cess and was witnessed by Xh.i members
and a large number of friends and .ac
quaintances, who, after the drill and pro
gramme, enjoyed dancing for two hours.
Pacific and Apollo lodges of this city
are making arrangements to meet Jointly
for the purpose of entertaining Garden
City Lodge of San Jose. There will be a
presentation of the degree work, after
which there will be a banquet.
The minstrel show to be given under
twe auspices of Jubilee Rebekah Lodge in
Scottish American Hall and which was
announced for the second Friday in No
vember, will be given on the evening of
December 11 in the same hall. It will be
an unusual event, for the entertainment
will be by professional talent, and a first
class programme will be offered.
Mission Rebekah Lodge will hold its
bazaar in Excelsior Hall in the Mission on
December 3, 4 and 5. Among the active
workers for the success of this affair are
Mrs. Floy C. Urquhart. past district depu
ty; Helen Lorrimer, Emma Arrison, Anna
Norman and Mary G. Barnes.
THE oSccrs elected for the cur
rent term are being installed
at this time in the different
groves of the United Ancient
Order of Druids by the depu
,i,c of the noble gTand arch.
Reports ghow that young, active men
have been selected fcr the leading offices.
During the !a?t week Noble Grand Arch
Beck viflted the groves in Fresno. He
wer.t to Frcsr.o Grove first and on the
following night to Umberto Grove. At
the last mentioned visit there were 102
Prclds present. There was an exexnpli-
OcBtion <'* llie Tv " ork ln a v ery 6atisfacto»y
manner and then followed speechrnakln?
and hospitality. The following day
he went to Newman, where he was the
guest cf Past Arch Bontadelli, who
showed him the many improvements that
are in rrogress in that section of the
country. In the evening he visited New
man Grove, where eleven candidates were
initiated. The following day, in company
with Past Supreme Arch Schord and
Grand Secretary Martlnoni. he visited the
San Jcse groves in Joint cession. The
meeting was presided over by E. G. Zero,
district deputy cf Columbus Grove. After
considerable instruction and addreEse3 by
the visiting officials there v.as a banquet,
which was partaken cf by 150 people. N.
E. Wretman. district deputy of Columbus
Grove, was toastmaster. The visiting of
ricerc responded to toasts, as did also J.
Lawrance, district deputy of Liberty
Grove; J. O. Peterson and G. Gaspalon,
noble arch of San Jose Grove.
District Deputy Dr. T. Conrad on the
evening of the first Saturday in Novem
ber installed the following officers of
Boadlcea Circle for the current term, do
ing the work in a most acceptable man
ner; Jennie S. Clark, arch Druidess; Lena
Sonncmann. iirst bard; Mrs. S. Samuels,
second bard; Annie S. Massen. financial
secretary; William N. Di::gle, recording
secretary : Frances J. Horn, treasurer;
Druid Hall, conductor; Druidess Ella?,
inside cuard. and Druidess Wilson, out
side guard. The ceremony was witnessed
by a larpe number of visitors from other
drdefl and under good of the order all
had something to cay. Before the close
cf the circle the district deputy, on be
half of the circle, presented to Mrs. Nellie
McKeon. pact arch druidess, a
beautiful badge as a token cf
appreciation of her good work for tho
circle and her fraternal feeling for the
membership. Of the new officers installed
one of the most energetic and one who is
endeavoring to make this one of Jhe most
social circles of the order is the second
bard, Mrs. Samuels, who expects during
her term to introduce features that will
make the circle-room, after business ses
sions, one of the most pleasant for mem
bers of the order and friends to visit and
i iijoy a social hour.
Noble Grand Arch Beck visited Laurel
Grove; in San Francisco, on the evening
at November 13. There were present a
number of grand officers, and after an in
spection of business methods and the rit
ualistic work there were addresses by the
visiting grand officers and then an hour
of hospitality. The head of the order will
visit the following groves In San Fran
cisco before the close cf the year: Novem
ber IS, Templar Grove; December 4, Nor
rsa Grove; £th, Aurora Grove; Sth, Sigel,
San Francisco and Eureka groves in joint
session; Xith, Sunset Grove; ISth. Green
Valley Grove, and — d, Columbia Grove.
At a recent meeting of San Francisco
Grove one applicatipn was presented.
After the installation of the officers for
the current term the district deputy pre
sented to the retiring noble arch, Julius
Apollo Wildermuth. a past arch"s beau
tiful regalia, a present from his father,
who for forty years has been a member
of the order. It was received with grate
ful thanks.
The Past Arch Association paid a visit
to Olive Grove on the night of November
6. The membership of the grove located
in Colma received the visitors with a good
fraternal welcome and made them feel at
home durlr.g the meeting, and after the
close of the grove entertained the visitors.
The principal speech on behalf of the as
sociation was by L. M. Fabry, the presi
dent.
Last Monday r.ight the members of El
vin Chapter of the highest branch of the
Druids paid a fraternal visit to Hart
nagle Chapter, and a pleasant meeting
was the result. The new officer* of the
fitting chapter were installed for the
current term.
The Grand Arch Druidess, Mrs. Louise
Zczzi. paid an official visit last week to
the circle in Novato and the one in So
noma, and found both in good condition.
The following- named have been installed
iis officers for McKir.l<-y Grove No. 122 for
the current term: Forest Coburn, N. A.;
J. H. Peterson. V. A.; P. O'Connor, R. S.;
C. H. Drews, F. 6.; Fred Mansen. T.; T.
E. Griffin. C; R. Arellano. I. G., and Eu
rene Woods, O. G. After the installation
Thomas Thornton, on behalf of the grove,
l.reser.ted to Charles Wachter, the retir
ing noble arch, who since the institution
of the grove has worked unceasingly for
its advancement, a. beautiful gold-headed
cane as a token of appreciation of his
unselfish labor. Subsequently the new vice
arch. J. H. Peterson, was presented by
the retiring noble arch, as a personal gift
from him, a handsome emblematic locket
fcr having during the last term introduced
and had initiated the largest number of
candidates. The grove row has 100 mem
bers in g-ood standing-, with several ap
plications on the table. The new noble
erch. who is a very earnest worker and
who is rifted with the ability to make
p flirt-class presiding officer, announces
that h« will endeavor to make his term a
l f cord- breaking one.
quet in the Social Hall oi the Alcazar
building on the evening of November 12.
San Jose is arranging for a large class
initiation in December.
Grand Chief Companion Mrs. J. H.
Krimminger paid an official visit last
week to Bonita Circle and was accom
panied by Supreme Sub-Chief Companion
Mrs. Lizzie Atwood, Past Grand Chief
Companion Mrs. Harrir.stcn and a num
ber of the grand officers. The risUlng
officers during tho evening 1 had a great
deal to say under good for the order, and
at the close of the meetlr.e Ormsanlon
Chamberlain presented to Mrs. Krim
minger. on behalf of the circle, a bunch
of golden chrysanthemums and a like of
fering to Mrs. Baston, chairlady of tha
board^of trustees.
Robin Hood Circle gave a social in Al
cazar Social Hall on the evening of No
vember 11. There was a ilrst-clas.* pro
gramme of dances that was greatly ap
preciated by the many who attended.
The affair was under the direction of a
committee composed of Companions Bab
kirk. Von Puttkammer. Dennl3. Mabel
Miller, Neuhaus. Merkel. Ehrard. McDon
ald. Lehman and Roudiez.
New Century Circle was officially visited
on November £> by the grand chief com
panion, Mrs. Krlraminger, who was ac
companied by Past Grand Chief Com
panion Mrs. M. A. Duke and all the resi
dent grand officers, also M'33 Bremer.
grand financial secretary, a resident of
Alameda County. The hall was most lav
ishly decorated, the walls being covered
with evergreens and the stations with
hundreds of beautiful flowers each. The
initiation of candidates, with accompany
ing: floor work, in the special features of
this circle, introduce<i\for added effect,
was all that could be expected, us it was
manifest that each officer had carefully
studied and memorized her part. The
work was highly commended by all tha
speakers during pood for the o;der. At
the close of the work the circle, through
its honorary member, Jacob Label, editnr
of the American Forester Review, pre
sented the grand chief a solid silver nappy
with spoon, and through Treasurer Mrs.
Sarah Beverson presented »to Companion
R. Kemp Van Ee. the circle's deputy, a
costly crystal olive dish. Refreshments
were served at the clone of the meeting.
The grand chief companion also paid
an official visit to Ferrucio Circle, and
while there gave the officers and members
instructions In the manner of conducting
the ritualistic work.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1903.
47
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOMps^asz^ HE unexpected has happenea
" 3 asain. You have seen maneu
»' voring mammas chaperone their
jj fair eligibies by discreetly writ
c£a ing r.otcs behind a portiere
while listening for an expected
roposal. or «i well-meaning aunt persist
ently invite the wrong man to call and
vonder why you do not fall in love with
;im; and then, too, you have seen a whole
arload of relatives ready to leap into all
orts of ccntortJors in making prepara
ior.s for the wedding.
These things are of such common occur
cr.ee in the social world that we can
c&rcely conceive cf a young girl of 23
¦residing over a household, marrying her
:elf off, Issuing a thousand invitations to
he cathedral and arranging every detail
it a largo w«ddir.g that makes up a
:r!!liant page in Ban Francisco hiitory.
I'et all this Hiss Julia de Laveaga has
eowned in blue crepe with a white lace
hat which suited her very well.
One of the handsomest gowns at the
"Welch-De Laveaga wedding was worn
by Mrs. Leonard, wife of Dr. Leonard.
It was Ottoman silk of a rich corn color,
with Irish point lace. A large white
Gainsborough hat with two ostrich feath
ers completed the costume.
Mrs. A. J. Welch, who until recently
was Miss Tobln, wore an exquisite gown
of pink chiffon with garniture of Persian
embroidery.
• • •
• -' ¦
down that they are restless in any other
position. In consequence of this the right
hip grows larger and they wonder why.
It would bo well to cross the left one In
stead of the right for a time in the pri
vacy of a boudoir until the hips assume
similar proportions and taper off alto
gether in public.
The -wedding: of Miss Caroline Ayres and
Dennis Searles will take place at 2127 Cali
fornia street, a new house which Mr.
and Mrs. G. P. Ayers have taken for the
winter. They will close their .country
home at Menlo Park and move to the city
to-morrow. . The day of the wedding is
not decided upon, but it will be in Janu
ary. In the meantime considerable enter
taining will be done for the bride-elect, as
she is very well liked. Perhaps the fact
that she always has a good time and
SOCIETY GIRLS WHO WILL
FIGURE IN THE SEASON'S
FESTIVITIES.
looks on the funny side of things accounts
for much of her popularity. Her costume
at a masked ball last winter representing
Furs are as essential for. automobillng
nowadays as they were for our knicker
becker grandmothers in their bright win
ter days of snow and slelghbells. -One of
the handsomest costumes worn recently
was a long cloak of sable, with a small
turban of the same fur. The automobile
caps and goggles are terribly unbecoming,
and stylish little* fur hats are much more
• • ' '•
Miss- Gerjrude Dutton will be given a
luncheon this week by Mrs. John R. Clark.
• • •
Miss Mabel Hogg will give a luncheon
next Thursday at her home on Sacra
mento-street. ¦ ' *
• • . •
Barbour 'Lathrop is the latest acquisi
tion of ou,r social zoo. He is a globe-trot
ter, having been around the world several
times, and has a. way of discovering San
Francisco about the \ same time every
year. Mr. Lathrop is immensely enter
taining, inasmuch as you don't know, from
one minute to another what. original wit
ticism he is going to get off. He is also a
scholar and well-known- scientist. Mr.
•Lathrop Is a brother of Mrs. Thomas Nel
son Page, who .. formerly married j Mr.
Field, a brother of Marshall Field, the
merchant prince.
father, C. E. Elliot, also resides.
Mr. and Mrs. Emery Washington Elliot
(formerly Miss Alice Belau) have taken
possession of their new home at 3119 Cali
fornia street, which they ; have made de
lightfully cozy apd artistic. They will be
formally "at home" after ' January 1.
Since their return from. the' wedding trip
Mr.' and. Mrs. Elliot" have had apartments
at the California Hotel, where the groom's
Mr. John F. Siebe and his 'bride have
taken a house on Clay street, near Cher
ry, in which they will proceed to taste the
delights of housekeeping.
• ¦ • . *
The many friends of Miss Eisle Bennett
and Mr. William j Lynham Shiels regret
that their wedding, which. takes place on
Monday,- November 23, Is to be such a
quiot affair, with only relatives present.
The wedding trip is to.be a short one.
Dr. and Mrs. George Franklin Shiels hav
ing loaned them their'- country place at
San Mateo for- the honeymoon. Mr. Shiels
and his bride will later be at home at 131S
Jackson street, Oakland,'' where' tie has
leased a charming home for their occu
pancy.
? .. * •
"Ready Money" was happily chosen and
she must think well if she would, find an
other as good for the next affair.'
Friends of the Forest.
ON the evening of the first 1\ canes
day in November Magnolia Lodge
of the Friends of the Forest ini
tiated a class of forty strangers in tho
social hall of the A. O. P. building in the
presence of a large number of member*
of the order. The lodge's drill team In
troduced several pretty features in the
floor work, which added much to the
beauty of the ceremony. After the cere
mony Past Supreme President M. Boehny
on behalf of the lodge, presented Mrs. M.
Carcass a beautiful dinner set in appre
ciation of her work in bringing about the
class initiation. There was also the pres
entation of an elegant fruit dish to Mrs.
Mary E. McLane of Pioneer Lodge in rec
ognition of her assistance to Magnolia
Lodce Then followed a short programme
of entertainment, the serving of a col
lation and dancing.
Mrs. Eleanor Martin, by the way, does
not approve of the careless sitting posture
of young women of to-day. She wants
them to sit with their two feet in trim
little rows and she is right from the
standpoint of good manners: but most
women have such a habit of crossing the
right limb over the left when they sit
This is not moant for a temperance lec
ture, but I cannot help speaking of a de
butante of two winters ago who put her
self in a bad light on the Del Monte flyer
recently by pulling out a cigarette case.
Of course, she only glanced at the cigar
ettes and replaced them in the bag with
other things; but it gave those who did
not know her a bad impression. Some
gentleman (?) attracted by the cigarette
case looked her over. You know men,
for some unaccountable reason, think
they have a right to stare— usually to
their heart's discontent. As she settled
down comfortably and crossed her feet
he noticed that her stockings were red,
with clocking at the sides. A few days
later he met some one he had seen before.
It was she of the red stockings, and upon
learning her name the first impression
made upon him was corrected
• • •
I sometimes see a debutante losing
every spark of originality for the sake
of being Just like some one else in a
meteoric career and think: "Don't sacri
fice all of your principles and common
sense for the sake of being so terribly
'swell.' " But conventionality saves her
from being lectured and she goes on her
way rejoicing.
I wish the buds did not feel so, strongly
compelled to do Just as the Romans do
because they have arrived in Rome for
their first winter. No one will secretly
think less of a young woman who does
not drink if she declines in a nice way
and she need not throw a damper on the
pleasure of the other guests by doing so.
A stimulant only increases the blood
pressure in the heart for half an hour
and then it drops 7 per cent below nor
mal, and to constantly repeat the dose
forms an extremely bad habit, to put it
mildly. The debutante will find that tea
will loosen her tongue just as readily,
with less injurious effect, unless there is
rum added "merely for the sake of the
flavor." Some of the tea at afternoon
affairs is transformed into a rum punch
and the buds, not being used to the dou
ble stimulant, soon grope about seeing
all kinds of. stars.
the art of the clerk who insists that they
are the latest correct thing to send.
The ladies of Argonaut Hive will give a
grand ball in Maple Hall, Oakland, in the
first week of December.
The ladies of Mission Hive No. IS re
cently gave a nightcap party in Mission
Opera Hall that was well attended. After
an entertaining programme there waa
dancing for two hours and the serving of
ice cream and cakes.
Oakland Tent is preparing for a recep
tion to be tendered to the ladies of Oak
land Hive on the evening of November 16
in the Maccabce Temple.
The ladies of Oakland Hive had an In
teresting whist party on the evening of
November 12.
HL. TICKNER. major of the
uniform rank of the Macca
# bees, has been promoted
colonel and aid-de-camp on the staff of
the major general of the order.
At the review of Haywards Tent last
week It was visited by the trnt of San
Leandro. which was accompanied by the
Maccabee band. There was a good at
tendance and after the work of the re
view there was a pleasant evening of mu
sic and speechmaking.
The Maccabees.
Cocktail sets, I regret to say, have been
given to a number of girls recently in
lieu of engagement cups, and, sadder yet,
these girls are using them on their days
at home. Of course, the stores are show
ing cocktail sets— they will . show any
thing that will sell— but that does not
render it necessary for you to succumb to
Miss I>ou Tillman, who was also a close
friend of the bride at Sacred Heart Con
vent, was a picture at the wedding in a
beautiful white cloth gown with white
feather boa and hat.
Miss Ethel McCormick was also prettily
Miss Callaghan never looked better than
on this occasion in her costume of pink
crepe migrnon and pink picture hat with
plumes. She is a very, charming young
woman and has been a warm friend of the
bride for years.
As the Welches are to live in San Mateo,
one cannot but hope that the bride will
come to town a great deal at first so that
we may see her in the twenty-five gowns
that comprised a part of her trousseau.
The bride was to have been a debutante
of the present season, but, because of
her engagement, did not care to come out.
She has kept house for her father since
she was 10 years of age, as her mother
died at that time; she has reared a
younger brother and has been a diligent
student at the Sacred Heart Convent in
•the meantime. On £he wnole, she is a
very capable girl »rnd deserves to be
happy.
Miss Florence Callaghan was the one
who caught the bride's bouquet, and, in
asmuch as wedding superstitions outlive
all others in this twentieth century, she
will probably be the next to need engage
ment cups.
SpeaJdng cf Mr. Welch's gifts. It is only
fair to mention the engagement ring,
which is a large blue diamond, one of the
finest ever brought to the Pacific Coast,
and has a most artistic . setting. The
pearl necklace which he gave the bride
Is a particularly handsome one.
Her wedding at St. Mary's Cathedral on
"Wednesday was as elaborate as wealth
and good taste could make it, having the
splendor and dignity of a court function,
¦with the advantage of many new ideas
¦which the bride originated in perfecting
her arrangements. The three bells of
pure gold tied to the bride's bouquet of
orchids were the result of one hap.
r>* thought. On one bell was Inscribed
the date, on another the bride's initials
and on a third those of the bridegroom.
It is easy to understand why tho brides
maids displayed amazing alacrity in striv
ing to catch the bouquet.
Dainty white satin bags provided fdr
the bits of wedding cake were a vast im
provement over the usual paper boxes,
and the little gold things of beauty inside
the cake came very near being a Joy for
ever at the bride's table. There was a
miniature stein, a small shoe, a coin, a
ring, a thimble, a bell and a top to spin.
that the possessor might learn who loved
her not. The name cards were artistic af
fairs, -with three silver bells, one engraved
with the date ar.d the other two bearing
the initials of the bride and groom.
The bride's attendants received a chain
and gold pendant, enameled and holding
a pearl, while the ushers and best man
were presented with ecarfplns from the
groom.
On the evening of December 4 Wash
ington Circle will give a complimentary
snowball partv in the social hall of the
A. O. F. building.
The supreme grand officers of the Com
panions of the Forest, A. O. F.. paid a
visit on November 9 to Franklin Circle.
12th to Knarsborough Circle, Oakland;
on th© 20th they will visit Golden Gate
Circle, this city; on the 27th American
Circle! this city, and on the 2Sth Sunshine
Circle.
Court Duncan Peak of Hopland had a
pleasant anniversary of Institution party
on the night of November 12.
A Juvenile court of the order was In
stituted on November 12 at Redding, the
degree being conferred by Court Castle
Rock of the same place.
Juvenile Court Star of the West of this
city on November 12 initiated a class of
fourteen applicants. High Court Secre
tary Roberts and High Court Woodward
assisted in the work.
Court Portland (Oregon) at its last held
meeting Initiated fourteen candidates,
who were secured by E. L. Bailey, D. H.
C. R.
Ancient Order Foresters.
HIGH CHIEF RANGER SAN
FORD will pay an official visit
on November 13 to Courts San
Joaquln and Pacific in Stockton, where
these courts will hold a Joint session.
The* court in Raymond has been advised
that on November 21 it will be visited
by High Sub-Chief Ranger O. M. Golda
recena and High Treasurer G. W. Lunt.
Thomas Poyser, for many years record
ing secretary of Court Star of the We3t,
also secretary of the Grand Lodge of the
Sons of St. George, is recovering from
an attack of illness which confined him
to his home under medical care for six
weeks.
The Moderns.
SAN FRANCISCO LJDDGE of the
United Moderns at its last held
session initiated two strangers and
received two applications.
California Lodge at its last held session
had a considerable discussion under good
of the order and the methods for the se
curing of candidates. Then followed a
sociaf for the members and visitors.
The attendance at the meeting on the
first Saturday In November in Elks' Hall .
was large and there was presented t<y*l
the entertainment of the members of tno
two lodges named and a number of guests
a very pleasing programme of California
literature. The most brilliant thoughts of
California writers were 'read. It was,
from a literary standpoint, a rare treat.
'The Peggy O'Neal fashion, started last
spring at Newport by Miss Jessie Pryce
Campbell, is now being introduced abroad
by the Duchess of Marlborough. The
Duchess has attended a number of func
tions attired in Peggy O'Neal style and
with, her hair hanging in unconfined clus
ters about her neck -and shoulders. The
Countess of Warwick. Countess Casslnl,
the Irish beauty, LaSy Pole-Carew. and
Princess Henry of Pless were quick to
follow the style of the Duchess. These
ladies all appeared at a recent function
in luxuriant gowns of the style of forty
years ago, and with their hair streaming
down their backs. The Peggy O'Neal
fashion is now the London rage: It Is the
first time in history that an American
style has been adopted by the European
leaders of fashion.
At the .Philadelphia horse show several
weeks ago the quaint dressing seen there
made it a by-word that the Peggy O'Neal
style had become the vogue. Phlladel-
• •¦. • i '"- •
Miss Jennie Blair is being cordially wel
comed by her friends after a year's ab
sence in Paris. • .
Preparations are being made for the
wedding of Mis3 Mary Harrington and
Commander Nibbloclc, U. S. N., which
will take place at the new home of the
Harringtons on Tuesday, November 24.
The wedding will be a very smart affair.
Miss Louise Harrington's marriage to
Mr. Leahy, also of the navy, will take
place the first week in February.
• ' • •
. Friends of Miss Bessie Wilson said they
never saw her look so well as at the din
ner which Mrs. Henry Dutton gave last
week at the Bohemian Club. She wore
an exquisite white gown, which admirably
suited her girlish type of beauty and was
in excellent taste. .
Mrs. Henry Dutton was charming In a
gown of light blue silk crepe elaborately
embroidered.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs.* Lewis Pierce are spending
a few weeks at the Chicago Beach Hotel
and during their stay in that city are
being extensively entertained by their
friends. • Mrs. Pierce was formerly Miss
Ford.
Captain and Mrs. John Moonev are at
the-* Hotel Richelieu, where the bride's
sister, Miss Louise Glynn, had her apart
ments in readiness. The Mooneys were
met and cordially welcomed by Judge
Tobin and a number of friends, who after
ward dined together at the hotel.
The Misses Buckley will give an in
formal tea on. Sunday afternoon, Novem
ber 22, at their home on Pacific avenue.
Mrs. H. E. Huntington Is paying a visit
to her daughter, Mrs. Gilbert Brook Per
kins, in ; New York City. She will return
shortly before Christmas.
J. M. Slmms and his niece. Miss Sarah
Welch, have returned from the south,
where they remained for the past week.
• . • *
Miss Florence Ives will leave to-day for
the south- She expects to be absent for
two months.
Balls are coming along with a rapidity
that baffles description. The next will be
November 25, and there will be nineteen
in a row. La Jeunesse assemblies will be
November 25. December 31 and January
29. The Greenway cotillons will be held
on December 4, December IS and Feb
ruary 12. The Friday Fortnlghtlies. four
in number, will be on No-vember 27, De
cember 31. third Friday in January and
fourth Friday in February. Then in ad
dition to these the new Gaiety Cotillon
Club has been formed with a membership
of twenty-five popular young women, who
have planned four delightful dances. A
bachelors' ball is in contemplation and
there are also private ball3 being planned
by the Misses Bore), the Misses Spreckels,
the Frank Sulllvans, for their debutante
daughter Alys, and still another by Mr.
and Mrs. Joseph Donohue, complimentary
to their nieces, the Misses De Guigne and
the Misses Parrott. Then the last thing
before Lent, the Mardi Gras always comes
just when we are longing to seek out a
shady nook and expire.
The tea given by Mrs. Henry Payson
Gregory on Thursday was most delight
ful, but was not given to introduce Miss
Ellse Gregory, as was believed by some.
Miss Gregory came o£t three years ago,
but has spent most of the time since in
Europe, so that her friends have seen but
little of her. She will be a welcome ad
dition to the most exclusive affairs given
throughout the winter.
satisfactory— that is, if you don't mind
having your eyes put out with cinders.
rHE contest between Rose Council
No. 71 of Santa Rcsa, Sentinels
of the Universe, and Progress
Council No. 67 of the same order was
closed on the first of the current month.
Each council worked hard to carry oft*
the two prizes that were offered, and for
a considerable time it was neck and neck,
for all the members worked with a will
to secure candidates. The prizes were—
first for the council that should secure
the greatest number of candidates, and
the second for individual effort. As a
result of the contest the honors were di
vlded. Rose Council securing the council
prize, and the individual prize was award
ed to Miss Helen Gutermute of Progress
Council of Petaluma. This young lady,
who is a very popular lady of the place
named and an energetic worker for the
council, succeeded in securing and hav
ing initiated twenty-five strangers. White
the members of the council of which sha
is not a member are disappointed that
one of its members did not get away
with the individual prize, they congratu
late Miss Gutermute for her energy for
getting so many candidates. The greatest
harmony prevails between the member
ship of the two councils and the contest
was only for the good of the order.
Rose Council on the evening of Satur
day, November 7, gave a banquet to cele
brate Its victory and a most pleasant
time was had. At the meeting preceding
the banquet the council initiated seven
teen candidates in a very impressive man
ner.
Prosperity Council No. 66 of San Fran
cisco Is still taking In candidates and
making a showing that will in time place
it in the front rank of fraternal bene
ficiary associations in this city. The beau
tiful ritualistic work of this order ha* at
tracted considerable attention and \t, one
of the features that Induce strangers to
become members of the order.
Sentinels of Universe.
the loose drooping sleeved waist and
many flounced skirt of the Peggy O'Neal
attire. An enterprising Philadelphia jew
eler has patented a Peggy O'Neal neck
lace and bracelet in coral and gold, which
it is expected will be worn much this
coming season. It is odd how certain
heroines of fact and fiction suddenly
sway the fashion of the day. The new
novel. "Peggy O'Neal." has as !t 3 hero
ine the famous woman of that nama who
ruled the fashion of Washington society
In Andrew Jackson's time.
phia's leading Newport belle appeared in
THE SAN FK ANC1SCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 15. 1903.
48
SOCIETY WOMEN
IN THEIR GRACE WIT
CLEVERNESS