PRIOS FIYB CENTS.
YOLU3IE XCIT— NO. 131.
GOVERNOR OF RUSSIA'S FAR EASTERN POSSESSIONS. RULER .OF
. THE- JAPANESE EMPIRE. HIS FOREIGN MINISTER AND TOKICS
REPRESENTATIVE IN WASHINGTON.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N. W., WASHING
TON, Oct. 8. — A comparison of the Russian and Japanese
naval forces in the Far East, side by side in Korean waters,
as reported in a Paris dispatch, is regarded as a development of
the Far Eastern question which may be productive of sinister re
sults. . Neither the State Department officials nor the diplomats
here-feel warranted as 'yet in using the word "war" in connection
with. the differences between Russia and Japan. It is realized,
however, that the situation is like tinder and thata single spark
might bring on a conflagration. The proximity of Russian and
Japanese fighting ships at a time when feeling is running so
high, especially in Japanese waters, is regarded as an element of
danger, not because of any premeditated engagement, but be
cause pf the possibility of an accidental clash between sailors or
commanders which would cause evejnts to move much faster than
under . ordinary circumstances. No advices have been received
here confirmatory of the naval mobilization report.
While the sea fighting forces of the -two powers were much
in evidence six months ago, when Japan took violent exception to
Russian demands upon China in- regard to. the evacuation of
Manchuria, the situation was not then regarded as critical, be
cause it had riot been preceded by a long period of rumors of prep
aration for war, as is now the case. Russia has steadily during
the last three years been increasing her fleet in Asiatic waters un
til it ' is now- stronger jthan the combined naval forces of any two
powers except Japan. The Russian naval force is complete in
PARIS; ,Qct.. 8.— Official information received 'here; shows
that (3.^ formidable^ Russian- fleet,' comprising ninety warships'; of
. A Paris dispatch says a formidable Russian fleet has arrived
at Ma-San-Pho, but The Call-Herald cablegram from Port Ar
thur indicates that the Jbulk of the Russian fleet is- still there. It
is possible the ships at Ma-San-Pho are the squadron from Vlad
ivostok, moving south for the winter harbor. \ •
Ma-San-Pho is in the southeastern part of Korea, on the sea
coast, opposite Japan. Russia has long desired the occupation- of
this port arid negotiations for a concession there were' in progress
for several years. These were said to have been terminated on
March •30,-1900, when Korea granted Russia a site there for a
coaling depot arid naval hospital. Russia then renounced > her
purpose to acquire land on the mainland opposite Ma-San-Phq
harbor. The Russian Minister at Seoul, in May, 1900, 'informed
the Korean Government that Ma-San-Pho would be 'used as 'win?
ter quarters for » the Russian fleet. . ,
. Japanese vessels seldom go there, but' usually , select Husan,
a few miles farther north, i as a port ; of call. Last Tuesday, how
ever, a di spatch from Paris sai d ; that, according ; to official > ad
vices, a* Japanese fleet was in the harbor of Ma-San-Pho, but that
no tropps;had been landed: '¦•..;.;: . — ,
PORTfARTHUR, Oct. 8.— A Japanese squadron is maneu
vering off Korea. The Russian fleet is ready for eventual
ities. It is lying with steam up and the vessels are painted
as in war times. It is denied here in highest quarters that the Jap
anese are 'landing troops. *-. ? .
Oct. 9.— A telegram
from Yinkow, dated October 8,
says that the Russians are taking no
steps toward evacuating Newchwang.
Reports from the north show that
they are. holding their positions every
where.
Date for Manchurian Evacuation
Unheeded by the Russians.
Continued'on Page 2^Column5 5 and 6.
Continued' on Page 2, Columns 2 and 3..
Twenty Vessels Lost, on Dutch Coast.
AMSTERDAM. Oct. 8.— A terrible storm
ha* ' swept the , Dutch "coast and , twenty
vessels are reported wrecked.
Explosion Sinks Uruguayan' Gunboat.
MONTEVIDEO, Uruguay, Oct. 8.— The
Uruguayan Government '¦- gunboat*. General
Rivera (of . 600 tons) has been sunk . at
Santa ; Barbara as the result of an explo
sion. Her commander .was burned to
death and many of her crew killed;-
BBITIBH FLAG IS CUT
BY UNKNOWN MISCBEANT
Mutilated Emblem Is Found at Base
of the Hale Statue in a New
York Park.
NEW YORK. Oct. 8.-A British flag
that had been cut Into ribbons -was found
hanging about the base of the statute of
Nathan Hale in City Hall Park to-day.
Attached to it was a card bearing the
•'Lest we forget. S. A. R."
The police began an inquiry for the per
son who placed it there.
STOBK VISITS THE HOME
OF MABQUIS OF DONEGAL
His Third Wife Presents Him With
a Son Who Will Inherit
His Title.
LONDON, Oct. 8.— The Marquis of Don
egal, who although he has been married
three times, and has been childless, has
become a father at the age of 82. He mar
ried his third wife, a daughter of Henry
Twining of Halifax, N.*S., at the begin
ning of the year. She is 22 years old.'The
child, a boy, was born yesterday. He will
inherit the title, but . comparatively little
else, as past generations of the family
have squandered the estate. If the . boy
does not live the title will fall* to the Mar
culs' broUier. Lord Henry 'Chichester.
Forfeit* $5000 to Save His Brother.
COFFEYVILLE,* Kans., Oct. 8.—Ex-
Congressman D.R. Nelson of Tennessee
forfeited a bond of $5000 by failing to ap
pear in the District Court ; here Monday
to answer the charge pf secreting from
the county officers his brother, John Nel
son, who was convicted of- killing Albert
Morris a year ago and who disappeared
while'Out on. bonds. ;,*'
ABGENTINE GUNBOAT GOES
TO BESCUE OF EXPLORERS
The Uruguay Starts for Antarctic B«
giens to Search for Dr. Norden
skjold and Party.
BUENOS AYRES. Oct. 8.— The Argen-
tine gunboat Uruguay, 650 tons, started
to-day for the Antarctic regions to search
for the Swedish expedition headed by Dr.
Otto Nordenskjold.
The Nordenskjold expedition left Goth
enberg. Sweden, October 16, 1901, on the
steamer Antarctic, and waa last heard
from August IS last, when the vessel was
imprisoned in the ice.
DISPUTE OVER MOROCCO ..,
IS NEABING SETTLEMENT
Spain Will Take Certain Ports and
France Will Have a Free Hand
Elsewhere. "-¦*; ;
BERLIN, Oct. 8/— It is officially an
nounced that the 'negotiations between
France and Spain over Morocco are - ap
proaching an agreement whereby Spain
will take certain ports on the coast of
Morocco and France will have a free hand
elsewhere. in Morocco.
German commercial interests in Morocco
appear to be fully guaranteed.
ENJOY AUTOMOBILE BIDE
IN A DBIVING BAINSTOBM
Members of the Honorable Artillery
Company of London Speed
Through Central Park.
NEW YORK. Oct. 8.-The Honorable
Artillery Company of London and their
hosts, the Ancient and Honorable Artil
lery Company *of Boston, to-day rode in.
automobiles in a rainstorm through Cen
tral Park and Riverside drive to Grant's
tomb, after which they had luncheon at
the Claremont
Lord Denbigh, the commander" of the
Honorables, sent a cable dispatch to King
Edward to-day, in which he told of the
reception of the party in Boston and the
courtesies since extended, to them. He
was lavish In his praise of the Americans.
The party will start for Washington to^
morrow.
NEW CHILEAN CABINET
\ ?v- V RESIGNS IN A BODY
Lack of Experience, of the Ministers
Prompts Them to Betire From
Public Life.
SANTIAGO DE CHILE, Oct. 8.-The en
tire Chilean' Cabinet has resigned
The Chilean Cabinet which resigned to
day was formed on December 22. - It was
stated at the tlmo that, owing to the lack
of experience of the new Ministers and
their insignificance, It was generally be
lieved that the Cabinet would be -short
lived. - - \r r
BIG SHOBTAGE IS FOUND
IN ACCOUNTS OF COMPANY
President of I*ancaster County Bail
way Besigns and Serious Charges
Are Hade Against Him.
LANCASTER, Pa., Oct. 8.— Rumors
which have been current for some time
affecting the relations of William B. Giv
en, president of the Lancaster County
Railway and Light Company, with that
company culminated to-day in the an
nouncement that Given had ' tendered his
resignation as president and that serious
discrepancies amounting. It is alleged, to
$100,000 or more have been discovered in
his accounts.
GfVen has in recent years been regarded
as a man of large wealth and has been
noted as an operator on a very extensive
scale in the stock market.
The unprecedented slump during ?the
past year, it Is said, carried with it such
heavy losses that he was unable to meet
the further demands from his brokers for
margins and his accounts were closed out.
6p*c'.al Dispatch to The CalL
" BUTTE, Mont. Oct. 8.— Daniel Gilmore,
in Inmate of the County Poor Farm,
found a stick of dynamite on the North
ern Pacific tracks near here this morn
ing. A fuse and caps were attached. The
stick of dynamite was about a foot long.
One end had been partially burned. Ex
pert miners familiar with powder who
•¦vre "Eh"*"- the stick say that an at
i^^^l' ««i~ciiuv nad been made to fire
it last n!tht ( but that for some reason
the oowdfr failed to explode.
HELENA, Mont., Oct. 8.— The Northern
Pacific detectives now making Helena
th«ir headquarters have received word
that two sacks of dynamite were found
on Tuesday night near Tcwnsend. Nich
olas Rovig, a ranchman who lives six*
miles west of Townsend and whose place
Is on the line of the railroad, made the
discovery.
Four days ago Rovig drove to a stack
after a load of hay. Arriving there, he
found a sleeping man, who awoke at
his approach. The man said nothing, but
mounted his horse and rode away. The
horse looked jaded. Rovig Judged from
its appearance It had been ridden a long
distance. The circumstance did not arouse
Rovlg'e Eusplclons and he gave the Inci
dent no further thought until Tuesday
night, when In getting a load of hay from
the stack he found two sacks of dyna
mite.
Rovig at once notified the Northern Pa
cific authorities at Townsend. The dyna
mite was secured and placed in a safe
place. It wa»-believed to be part of that
stolen from the powder bouse of the A.
M. Holter Company three weeks ago.
Rovig was able to give a description of
the man who was found asleep in the
haystack and the officers and detectives
all along the line have been supplied
with It.
The finding of the dynamite is consid
ered fortunate, at the officers believe that
the blackmailers intended to use all or
part of It near the point at which It was
concealed.
Unless the dynamiters- have been able
to replenish their stock of explosives re
ccctly it It tow about exhausted. Ex
traordinary precautions have been taken
to prevent them obtaining additional sup
plies. Powder houses are being watched
ar.d all stores selling explosives are on
the lookout for men who make Inquiries
concerning giant powder.
The Northern Pacific Railroad Company
has increased the reward it offered for
the arrest and conviction of the black
mailers from $2500 to $5000. The State has
offered $3090 reward and Park County $500
reward for the capture of the miscreants.
MANILA, Oct. 9.— The contract dis
covered by Collector of Customs Shuster
In connection with the scheme for land
ing Chinese coolies in the Philippines un
der the guise of merchants, the unearth
ing of which has already resulted in the
arrest of John T. Miller, a • former in
spector of immigration, and the issuance
of a warrant for W. D. Ballanttne. con
tains the following clause connecting the
United States consulate at Amoy with
the scheme:
"There shall be deducted from the
profits of the firm $45 (Mexican) for the
Taotai, $50 (Mexican) for the United
States Consul, $50 (Mexican) for the sec
retary of the United States Consul and $5
for Mr. Lane. Interpreter."
Carl Johnston Is acting consul at Amoy.
It was reported that the name of Consul
McWade, stationed at Canton, was men
tioned as a beneficiary of the contract,
but Collector Shuster says this Is untrue.
Collector Shuster says he has evidence
connecting several United States Consuls
with the scheme. The conspirators, it is
said, have already issued many fraudulent
certificates, under which Chinese have
been admitted here.
PARIS, Oct. 8.— The terms of the gen
eral treaty of arbitration between France
and Great Britain have been concluded
by Foreign Minister Delcasse and the au
thorities In London. There remain only
minor questions of detail and the signing
of the treaty. These formalities are so
far advanced that the treaty is believed
to be an accomplished fact.
The treaty follows" the general lines of
the Hay-Pauncefote arbitration treaty,
which, to a considerable extent, served
as a model. It . la pointed out that the
Hay-Pauncefote treaty, although rejected
by the United States Senate, now serves
the purpose of giving a basis for this Im
portant Anglo-French treaty. The of
ficials also view the negotiations as evi
dence of the sympathetic attitude of the
United States, France and Great Britain
on the practical adoption of the theory of
arbitration.
The treaty is mainly significant in being
the culmination of the rapprochement
between France and Great Britain after
centuries of warfare, the maintenance of
defensive armaments and the recent ani
mosities growing out. of the Fashoda in
cident and the South African war. It Is
also significant of the tendency toward a
rearrangement of the European political
alliances.
The treaty is mainly the outcome of the
exchange of visits between King Edward
and President Lpubet and the visit of
Baron de Estournelles de Constant and
the French Parliamentarians to London.
Official pourparleurs followed.
French feeling heretofore has been
rather skeptical over the practical reali
zation of the treaty and when its ad
vanced stage is known it -will occasion
widespread attention and discussion in
France and throughout the rest of Eu
rope. * , ' .
Rewards for the Arrest of
the Blackmailers Are
Increase!
Hay-Pauncefote Convention
Serves as a Model for
the Compact.
Telltale Contract Contains
Name of a Suspected
Official.
Another Supply Is Dis
covered in Vicinity
of Townsend.
Happy Sequel to Cen
turies of Hatred
and Warfare.
Chinese Coolies Sent
to the Philippines
as Merchants.
Far-Reaching Con
spiracy in the
Orient.
Anglo-French Ar
bitration Treaty
Completed.
Explosive Is Found
on the Railroad
at Butte.
MONTANA'S
DYNAMITERS
ARE ACTIVE
OLD-TIME
FOES PLAN
FOR PEACE
AMERICAN
CONSULS AID
SMUGGLERS
Czar Throws Off
the Mask in
Far East
Holds Manchuria
and Threatens
Korea.
Two Fleets May
Soon Engage
in Conflict
yOUSSIA has thrown down the gauge of battle to Japan. The date fixed for the evacuation of Manchuria has passed without the slightest evidence of the Czar's intention of
¦**- fulfilling his pledge. Russian garrisons remain at their stations throughout the provinces and the work of fortifying their positions is carried on night and day. Temporarily"
the scene of action has shifted to Korea, which has been threatened by a large force of Russian troops stationed on the frontier. It was probably because of the dispatch of these
forces that Japan recently embarked an army and sent it, accompanied by a fleet of warships, to hover near the Korean coast. To checkmate this move a Russian fleet, said in
advices received in Paris to number ninety warships of all descriptions (obviously an error or an exaggeration), has cast anchor in a harbor to the south of Korea. While making this
display of force the St. Petersburg government has demanded new- concessions of China, and has warned Japan to keep hands off. 'iM
RUSSIA SENDS GREAT FLEET TO KOREAN COAST,
WHERE A JAPANESE ARMY IS PREPARING TO LAND
SAN FRANCISCO; I RID AY; OCTOBER 9; 1903.
The San Francisco Call.' The remains of the ; late Captain Ben
Bohen were laid to rest with simple cere
mony yesterday morning at Holy Cross
Cemetery. The funeral services were of
the ' simplest i order . and were * conducted
by Rev. Father Henry Stark of St. Mary's
(Paulist) Church. . " , :_
Many Friends of the Veteran Officer
. Attend Sad Rites at Holy Cross
Cemetery.
CAPTAIN BOHEN'S RJSMAINS
•TENDERLY LAID TO REST
.The allegation > upon which ' the arrests
were basedjvas a charge of conspiracy to
bribe 'John "J. Ryan of J. J. Ryan & Co.,
turf commissioners. t &F%f l * gl tSF'fy ! thlO m
WASHINGTON;; Oct; ; 8.— The < Criminal
Court - to-day ;' Issued \ a . bench warrant for
the arrest of . George E.' Green/' State Sen
ator J of ': New » York, recently . indicted , in
connection with postal 'contracts
CINCINNATI, Oct 8.— Daniel V. Miller,
late Assistant , Attorney General for the
Postofflce Department, and Attorney Jo
seph Johns were Indicted by the United
States : Grand Jury - to-day charged V with
conspiracy to ; bribe. Daniel V. Miller
was employed as second assistant to
Attorney. General" Tyner of the Postofflce
Department. Joseph Johns was an at
torney . at Rockville. Ind. , : where j he > was
arrested May 27. Miller was arrested the
same day in his offices at Washington.
Former Assistant Attorney General
• Miller of Postoffice Department
" Is Among the 'Accrued.
FEDERAL GRAND JURY
FILES MORE INDICTMENTS
WASHINGTON, Oct. 8.— Speaking of
yesterday's experiment at "Wldewater
with his aerodrome. Professor Langley
said to-day that he was not an eye
witness of • tho experiment, having been
detained in Washington by business. , He
added, however,' that upon,' the report of
Manley, who was Immediately in charge,
he was able to say that tho latter" a first
impression that there had been defective,
balancing was : corrected by an examina
tion. ,The | clutch which held the 'aero
drome on. the launching . ways and .which
should have released it at the Instant of
the fall was found to be injured. Profes
sor Langley continued: : » •
• The machinery was .working perfectly c and
giving every reason to anticipate a successful
flight, when • this accident, due wholly to , tho
launching ways, drew the aerodrome abruptly
downward at the moment of release and cast it
into the water near, the houseboat. The state
ment that the machine failed for lack of power
to fly. was wholly a mistaken ' one.
i ' The ' engine, . the frame and . all the more im
portant parts were practically uninjured. Tha
engine Is actually. In good working order., Tho
damage done was confined to the slighter por
tions, like the canvas wings and propellers,
and these can be readily, replaced.
. The belief pf those charged with the experi
ment in the ultimate , successful working of the
machine is in no way affected by this accident.'
which Is one of the large chapters of accidents
that beset the Initial stage of experiments so
novel" as the , present ones. . It As ; chiefly . unfor
tunate . as coming ¦ near the end ' of the ' season
when outdoor .work of this sort is possible. .
The London Lancet says that athletics
in England have developed too much Into
gladiatorial displays by picked competi
tors struggling to win prizes or to earn
¦wages before huge crowds of spectators,
and can hardly be regarded as effective
agents in the development of the physical
strength and physical activity of the peo
ple.
SAN BERNARDINO. Oct. 8.— Charles Dod
son. the man who was shot In this city last
evening by Officer John Smlthson while restat
ing arrest, died shortly before midnight. Tho
charge of assault with a deadly weapon with
Intent to commit murder, which has been pre
ferred against Officer 8mlthson by Dodson's
father, will probably be raised to murder.
Smlthson is now at liberty on $1500 bonds.
Professor Langley , Ex
plains Mishap to His
Aerodrome.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. : Oct. 8.— Dr. J.
C. Branner." vice . president of < tho university
and head cf the department of mining, and
geology ,\ will leave the university In . January
oh a year's leave of absence." ; Dr. Branner will
probably spend the ¦ year ¦ In traveling : through
£urope. His health has not been good tor
some time past. ,
SAN JOSE, Oct. 8. — The business men of
Santa Clara have combined to test a town
ordinance imposing municipal licenses. One
of their number, A. T. Helm, who was arrested
to-day for refusal to pay, has sued out a writ
of habeas corpus, which will be heard on the
16th by Judge Rhodes.
BUTTB, Mont, Oct 8. — Genera] John A.
Leggatt. Territorial Governor of Montana un
der President Grant, twice Mayor of New
Haven, Mich., and one of the founders of
the Republican party_ having been closely as-'
soclated with Abraham Lincoln, died to-night
at Hunters Hot Springs. Mont., aged 81 years.
SPOKANE, Wash., Oct 8.— The Washing
ton State "Good Roads Association • opened its
first convention here to-day, , President Sam
uel H1U presiding. Addresses were made by
United. ... States Senator Aakeny of Walla
Walla" and State Senator Edward Hamilton of
Tacoma. . About thirty-five delegates wer*
present.
PITTEBURG. Oct 8. — For the third time
within ten days the Standard Oil Company ad
vanced the price of oil to-day, making Penn
sylvania $1 C5, the highest quotation In thrs*
years. The advance Is due to the fact that
very little snew producing territory Is being
found.
LONDON. Oct 8. — The Duke of "Westmin
ster has acquired 160,000 acres of land In the
most fertile section of the Orange River col
ony, and will leave England for South Africa
this week to Inspect the property. His pur
pose Is to colonize the territory with English
fanners. " .
NEW TOHK. Oct. 8. — A Stock Exchange
seat was transferred to-day for $52,500. which
Is $7500 below the last recorded sale and about
$20,000 - below the high record price at which
seats ccld a year or more ago.
AURORA.'. 111.. Oct 8.— In a battle between
three highwaymen and two policemen in Au-
to-night, one of the robbers was killed
and another wounded. The wounded highway
man and his uninjured companion escaped.
CHATTANOOGA. Tenn., Oct. 8. — The- mon
ument erected to the memory of both Union
and Confederate soldiers of Maryland who par
ticipated In the battles around Chattanooga
was dedicated at Orchard Knob, near the loca
tion of Grant's headquarters, to-day.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 8.— The
rpeclmens of fixhes gathered In Alaskan waters
curtnr the past summer by the United States
FUh Commission have arrived at the university
and their classification will i begin at once by
specialists in the department of zoology.
PITTSBURG. Oct. 8.— Private John Dowd,
the United States sentry who shot and killed
Willis Cooley near the United States arsenal
a few weeks ago, was released from confine
ment to-day, the verdict of the court-martial
being "not guilty." The finding of th» court
was upheld by Major General Chaffee.
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
. LONDON, Oct 8.— Lieutenant Colonel
Sir Thomas Burgoyne (retired), formerly
of the Grenadier G-uards, who assisted
former Empress -Eugenie in her flight
from France by taking her on his yacht
in the face of a terriSc storm from Deau
vUle, France, was married at St. George's
Church, Hanover Square, to-day to Kate,
daughter of John Gretton, member of
Parliament for South Derbyshire, and a
directors cf the firm of Bass & Co. The
Empress sent the couple a regal wedding
pift consisting of a gold tea and coffee
service. "•-*.. -
Empress Sends Regal Wedding Gift
Burglars directed their attention to the
district about the Cliff House. Montfay
night Their plunder was- small, but they
evidently anticipated that such would be
the case, for they visited several places
before they ceased their. work.
The first buildings visited were the large
sheds and depot of the Sutro Electric
Railroad. While people were boarding and
alighting from cars the thieves broke into
a stand owned by Louis K. Lafkas. Then
they passed along and repeated the ope
ration in the shop of another salesman.
Further alone another *stand was robbed
and below the Cliff House still another
crime was committed.
Lafkas appeared before the Board of
Police Commissioners and made a request
that he be permitted to carry a revolver.
He said that his place had been robbed
once before, on which occasion the bur
glars had entered by breaking a window,
and that he felt Insecure In the neighbor
hood. The last robberies have been re
ported to Captain of "Detectives Martin,
who detailed two men* on the case. It is
thought that the robbers are members of
a gang that has been operating recently
south of Market street The plunder they
secured, at the beach was small, but'. they
caused considerable damage in ' prying
open the stands with Jimmies.
Direct Their Attention to Small
Stands in Vicinity of Cliff
"* ' House.
Go to Work With. Non-TJnion Miners.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Oct 8.—
The coal mines north of this city were
successfully opened with non-union min
ers this morning. About 100 men reported
for work, which is one-third the usual
number. The union miners made no re
sistance and the deputy sheriffs at the
mines had nothing' to do. I
BTTRGLABS ABE OPERATING
AT THE OCEA2T BEACH
NEW YORK, Oct. 8.— Although pro
fesing his determination to 'contest the
right of the Republican and Citizens'
Union conventions to displace him as
their nominee for Comptroller, Edward
M. Grout has made no appeal to the
courts thus far. The filing of the amend
ed ticket of the. Republican. organization
with the Board of .elections was. made
without protest - from either Grout or
Fornes, and thus one step in the process
of substitution has been accomplished.
President Fornes of the Board of Alder
men issued a statement to-night contain
ing the following:
Because I consented to have my candidacy
• indorsed by the regular Democratic organi
zation I am declared unworthy of going be
fore the electorate upon the fusion ticket — and
by .Mr. Bruce, recently from Delaware Coun
ty and now chairman > of the Republican
County Committee; by Mr. Platt, the "easy
boss" of the Republican party, and whose of
ficial life has been conspicuous chiefly for his
successful brokerage in* public offices In or
der that his henchmen might strengthen him
in the primary contests of the Republican
party; by Mr. Ode 11. a partisan Republican
Governor who previous! to his election to that
! exalted - office was distinguished' chiefly for
his ability to control legislation through the
unsavory meshes of the lobby and whom the
people of this city repudiated' at the last elec
tion by the most overwhelming defeat that any
candidate for public office ever suffered at
Its hands. These are the men and these are
the forces which have cast a blight over the
cause of fusion and struck the deadliest blow
at non-partisan municipal government which
It has ever received.
Grout says:
All parties, all newspapers, agree that I
have been an honest and efficient Comptroller.
I shall stand for re-election on that record,
which all have approved. I shall ask every
taxpayer whose bill this year is reduced to
remember that it would not have been less if
I had nOt been Comptroller.
As a Democrat I shall ask the Democrats
of this city to notice how this situation has
been made at the direction of Plan and his
Intimates and to say whether this Democratic
city shall be turned over to Platt The po
sition of the - Republican machinists and of
Mr. Cutting has become the acme of partisan-,
ship. -
V Tammany Hall to-night nominated for
mer State Senator John F. Ahern for
borough president
The Greater New . York Democracy of
the Bronx ' to-night embraced the, full fu
sion ticket and nominated Coroner John
L. Berry for president of the borough of
the Bronx.
ANACONDA, Mont, Oct 8.— Sheriff
George Storrar and Deputy Sheriff Malloy
were called to the. ranch home of "William
Bennlnger this evening to arrest a man
who had been creating trouble there. He
was brought to this city and placed in the
county Jail, and the officers have reason
to believe that their prisoner is Frank
Case, one of the convicts who escaped
from the Folsom (Cal.) prison on July 27
last. The suspect gave his name to the
officers as John Kelly.
According to the story told by members
of the Bennlnger family, Kelly visited
their house ' in company with two other
men about 5 o'clock in the evening and
asked for food. Kelly alone accepted
Mrs. Benninger's invitation to enter, and
while she was preparing him a meal he
whipped out a revolver and began shoot-
Ing, apparently without any object Word
was sent to the Sheriff's office and Kelly
was arrested in a barn, where he had hid
den.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Comptroller Grout Pails
to Enter Promised
Montana Sheriff Thinks
He Has Convict Case
in Custody.
HOLDS SUSPECT
PENDING INQUIRY
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Oct. 8.— Leading
representatives of the national and Inter
national organizations of building and re
pairing trades met this afternoon in con
ference for the purpose of bringing their
respective organizations Into an interna
tional federation having for Its object
the arbitration, the adjudication and con
duct of building trades affairs. Seven
hundred thousand workmen were repre
sented by those in attendance.
After sifting the various plans for f?d
eratlon down to a basis acceptable to all,
the drafting of a constitution and by
laws will be taken up. This constitution
will probably be referred to the different
unions for ratification, but it is likely
that permanent officers will be elected at
this conference. Frank W. Buchanan of
the Structural Iron Workers and George P.
Gubbins, president of the Bricklayers'
and Masons' Union, are mentioned as
probable permanent president.
.There is a general disposition among all
of the delegates to have the new inter
national federation work In perfect har
mony with the American Federation of
Labor and other national federations in
which different ones of the building trades
are represented. All of the organizations
purpose to remain In their present federa
tion alliances and to pay their per. capita
assessment.
Adjournment was taken until to-mor
row morning.
Tlllman, when he took the stand, was
asked to explain incidents to which refer
ence had been made during the trial. He
was asked with regard to any messages
he may have sent to Gonzales, saying that
he had sent a verbal message by George
S. Legare, asking him (Gonzales) to meet
him in Georgia. He said Olbnzales wanted
the Invitation put in writing, but he was
afraid it was a trap-. He said also that
ho did not want to violate any of tho
dueling laws of his State.
Asked as to Gonzales' attitude toward
his military career, he said: "It has al
ways been bitter toward me since I was
21 years of age." .
Relative to the organization of a com
pany of Indian scouts which had been re
ferred to, the defendant said he wanted to
organize such a company to take to the
Philippines, but President alcKinley and
the arjny officers in Washington op
posed it.
Asked how he was treated by Gonzales
in his campaign for Governor, the de
fendant replied: "I think those editorials
are fair samples of it." Ho denied that
he had ever been traitor to his uncle, and
said he had not intentionally been dis
courteous to the Senator.
LEXINGTON, S. C, Oct. 8.-James H.
Tlllman was a witness in his own behalf
to-day in his trial for the murder of N.
G. Gonzales. He was on the stand an
hour and will continue his testimony to
morrow. Thirteen witnesses were heard
to-day.
Slayer of Gonzales Tes
tifies in His Own
Behalf.
Leading Representa
tives of Building
Trades Confer.
TILLMAN TAKES
WITNESS STAND
BLAMES CLUTCH
FOR THE FAILURE
LONDON, Oct. 9.— The discussion over
Chamberlain's proposals continues keen,
but so far the Liberals have made no
organized attempt at a counter demon
stration. Asquith, the Liberal leader,
spoke at* Cinderford, an iron and coal
center In Gloucestershire, yesterday, and
in^ the course of his Bpeech contended
that It was Impossible to retaliate upon
the protected countries without taxing
food or raw material, and experience
showed that retaliation did more harm to
the retaliatora than to the retaliated. The
adoption of Chamberlain's proposals
would foment quarrels with the colonies.
It was a ealufn,ny on the colonies to say
that the unity of the empire was Impos
sible without ; preferential tariffs.
James Bryce, M. P., speaking: at Lan
caster, expressed similar opinions and
characterized Chamberlain's j statements
as "grotesquely "untrue and worthless."
Gerald Balfour, president of the Board
of Trade, addressing a meeting at Leeds,
reaffirmed that the Government was
pledged not to give effect to the fiscal re
form proposals until after an appeal to
the country had been made, and he inti
mated the possibility that after Chamber
lain had concluded his mission it' might be
found that the taxation of food was with
in the range of practical politics.
Sir Charles Tupper, the Canadian ex-
Premier, presiding at a meeting in Lon
don, expressed his complete approval of
Chamberlain's policy.
The Miners' Federation of Great Brit
ain at a meeting In Glasgow to-day, after
a heated discussion, passed a resolution,
by 89 to 5, "that in regard to the views
of the Premier and Mr. Chamberlain the
federation believes that the policy they
foreshadow in regard to protection would
be a great mistake and would ultimately
lead to the ruin of this country, and here
by resolves to protest against any altera
tion of the free trade policy which has
existed for the past sixty years."
CAPE TOWN, Oct.. 8.— Interviews with
leading men in the South African colonies
show that the general trend of opinion
strongly favors Mr. Chamberlain's Glas
gow programme. The putch, who essen
tially are protectionists, will support the
principles of reciprocity.
VICTORIA. B. C, Oct. 8.— Th» Briti.«>\
Columbia. Legislature will meet on November
28 next, an announcement to that effect be
ing: riven in the Official Gazette to be lasu^.l
to-morrow.
All Britain Is Arguing
Over Chamberlain's
Proposals.
ST. PETERSBURO. Oct. 8.— At Orsha,
in the Government of Mohileff, on Mon
day a thousand Jews tried ta rescue sev
eral Jewish prisoners who were being re
moved from the prison to the railway sta
tion. The escort of mounted police drew
their swords and repulsed the attack. Ten
arrests were made.
Police Bepulse Attack of Jews.
FISCAL SCHEME
THE ONE TOPIC
ELECTION BOARD
ACCEPTS TICKET
LONDON, Oct. 8.— -The Foreign -Office has heard nothing of the reported gath
ering of Russian warships' at Ma-San- Pho. The Foreign Office reiterates that
Government advices give no indication of the possibility of a Russian-Japanese
outbreak. ' '- ;.
The Japanese Minister here. Baron Hayashl, to-day described the announce
ment made by the London Dally Mall's correspondent at Kobe, Japan, that Baron
de Rosen, the Russian Minister to Japan, had presented a note to the Japanese
Government contending that Japan had no right to Intervene in the question of
the^ evacuation of Manchuria and characterizing the proposed partition of Ko
rea between Korea and Japan 'as being "fantastical and unworthy of considera
tion."
"The news from Kobe," the Minister says, "is about as unreliable as news
from Shanghai."
He reiterated that there was nothing in the situation in Korea to occasion un
easiness.
"I have not heard, and I do not believe," added the Japanese Minister, "that
Russia has intimated her 'refusal to evacuate Manchuria and that she has re
fused to allow Japan to interfere with her occupation. I see nothing in the situa
tion at the present moment that supports the reports of a warlike attitude on the
part of Russia and Japan."
The Minister added that he had not received a word regarding any concentra
tion or alarming movements of the Russian fleet in the Far East. Regarding the
report that the Russian fleet had arrived at Ma-San-Pho Baron Hayashi
rexntCrked that Russia had only , about forty war vessels in the whole Far
East and it would be a physical impossibility, on account of coal and other sup
plies, the Minister further asserted, for them to remain at Ma-San-Pho. It
would be the most unlikely place for them to go to, even If Russia contemplated
hostilities, as It was .within easy striking distance of Japan's strongest naval base
at Tsu, in the Straits of Korea, So far as Baron Hayashl .knows/ it would be
equally unreasonable for the Japanese fleet to go to Ma-San-Pho.
The dispatch from the British Minister to Japan, Sir Claude Macdonald, while
detailing many requests made by Russia in the negotiations In Tokio, in connec
tion with the concessions in Korea, relating chiefly to wharves, made no reference
to any possibility of an impending crisis.
BERLIN, Oct. 8.— The Chinese Minister is at Essen, where he Is buying arms and
other war material.
London Foreign Office Doubts News.
Pierpont Korgaua Denies Dresser's
Sworn Testimony, bat Charles
G. Gates Gives Oon
flrmaaoa.
It was also denied by this same firm
member that Morgan & Co. had been In
any way party to any agreement by the
terms of which their Bhares in the United
States Shipbuilding Company were to be
marketed and sold before any other stock
of the shipbuilding company was placed
on the market.
The formal statement issued by Morgan
& Co. was later amplified by a member
of the firm, who declared that the $75,000
mentioned in the original statement repre
sented the sum which his firm had re
ceived of the $5,000,000 (par value) com
mon and preferred . Ehares of the ship
building company. It could not be lea_rned
•when or to whom this stock had been
cold, but the low price which it brought
suggested that the sale was of compara
tively recent date.
The statement issued by Morgan & Co.
to-<!ay was as follows:
' Neither the firm of J. P. Morgan & Co., nor
any; partner, ever had any connection with the
tr.Wption. organization or financing of the
ITnlted States Shipbuilding Company, r.or have
they ever received or owned any of Its securi
ties. As managers of the United States Steel
Corporation Syndicate we held Bethlehem stock
until a purchaser was found. It was trans
ferred to the 1'nlted States Shipbuilding- Com
pany at exact cost, aad preferred and commoa
Hock, which were received in lieu of interest
and earnings of the company, were sold at pri
vate eale lor $75,000. and the proceeds were dis
tributed as part of the profit of the United
Btates Steel Syndicate. Any statement that
¦we were parties to any agreement for selling
ttock is wholly untrue.
In Wall street the disclosures concern
ing: all of the stock of the United States
Shipbuilding Company given to J. P. Mor
gan & Co.'s underwriting syndicate were
considered the most vital point of all the
testimony yet elicited. The Morgan
Statement admits that the $2,500,000 of
preferred stock and $2*00.000 of common
Btock received was cold for $73,000.
Bchwab has admitted that he bought the
stock from them- This is the-
xi-hlch, according to the agreement vrith
Jlarris, Gates & Co., was to be sold to
Xhe public for exactly th:rty times what
6chxvab paJd J. P. Morgan & Co.
. Schwab Is dodging a eubpena service
end force may be used to compel his at
tendance at the investigation.
XETT TORK. Oct. JL— Tbe> disclosures
rsc.il© concerting the formation of the
banters* United States Shipbuilding
Compeer have brought to light what
\TaJl street a=d tie banking world con
welder the uuiu financial scandal within
the memory of this generation.
Notwithstanding' that the testimony
elicited eo far in the hearing may be re
butted, the fact remains that \Call street
has accepted X>. Le Key I>resser*s sworn
testiraocT as correct Oa tie Stock Ex
eh&nga the shock given to confidence was
crushing. Values recoiled under the blow
es If a withering blight had fallen upon
them over night
Throughout the ectlre business of the
day the sole matter discussed is bank
ing houses, on the "street." on the floor
of the Stock Exchanjre, in brokerage of
fices—everywhere. In fact, was the scan
r..-.J <;f the shipyard trust
The industrial list, more* particularly
these combinations which have been
formed within the last two or three years,
was seriously affected.
The official statement of Schwab, the
•Genial of J. P. Morgan & Co., the offi
cial news of the formation of the North
American Company syndicate to save the
doomed Trust Company of the Republic
and a host of other details that are mat
ters of common information in "Wall
street led the majority of people to be
liev^ Dresser's testimony.
| Denials and counter denials were made
to-day. J. P. Morgan & Co. issued a
statement in which they threw the bur
den of their connection with the disrepu
table affair on their syndicate — the first
•underwriting syndicate of the United
States Steel Corporation, of which they
•were managers. They deny Dresser's tes
timony that their stock was to be sold
first, along- with Schwab's. On this point,
however, Charles G. Gates confirms Dres
ser's testimony.
Special IXspsit cV. to Ti» C*U.
John Birk and James Henry conduct
rival bakeshops in this city and bitter
feeling exists between them. Some ttme
ago a quantity of flour consigned to Hen
ry came with a shipment of Blrk's goods.
Blrk, It Is claimed, Instructed his baker,
William Burnwent, to put a quantity of
concentrated lye in Henry's flour.
This order Burnwent is alleged to have
followed. Henry's baker tasted of it and
burned his tongue severely. After the
flour had been baked into bread Henry's
baker had some of it analyzed and this
analysis is said to have shown the pres
ence of enough concentrated lye to kill
every person who ate as much as is ordi
narily consumed during a meal.
Burnwent found out that the presence
of the lye in the flour had been discovered
and left town before the Sheriff could
serve a warrant on him. To-day he came
back and this afternoon both ha and Birk
were arrested.
WHATCOM, Wash., Oct 8.— Rivalry be
tween local bakeshops would have result
ed in a wholesale killing of innocent peo
ple had It not been that the bakers, who.
It Is alleged, attempted to injure their
enemies, overdid the thing.
Concentrated Lye Said to Have Been
Used in the Making' of Bread
and Two Men Are
Arrested. j
Market Recoils Under Blow
of the Financial
Scandal
Rivalry Between Shops May
Have Caused Effort at
Murder.
VIENNA, Oct 8.— It Is reported "that
the Macedonian committee has resolved
to suspend the revolutionary operations
till spring in order to see whether Turkey
will execute . the promised reforms.
8ALONICA, Oct 8.— A serious engage
ment occurred on October 6 between
Turks and Insurgents near Oumenjo, thir
ty-five miles from Salonlca. About 300
Turks are reported to have be«n killed or
wounded. ' The fighting is still proceed
ing. ,
SOFIA, Bulgaria, Oct. 8.— The feeling
prevailing, to-day was generally more
hopeful than for some months past. It
was "based on reports which, while un
confirmed/appear to be well founded.
These reports are to the effect that the
Government is preparing to discharge the
recruits summoned for three weeks' drill
and that (this on the authority of the
Dnevnik) ttje Turkish and Bulgarian Gov
ernments have reached an understanding
.on the question of demobilization, where
'by Bulgaria will release 20,000 men and
Turkey. 40,000. If this agreement is car
ried out Bulgaria will disband all the.re
servists recently summoned. Twenty-four
thousand recruits will com© under the
colors on October 9.
A. telegram from Technernaskla says
that the frontier guard was called out
last evening and pro6eeded to Kuan, when
it found the whole country across the bor
der In flames.
Outlook for Restoration of
Peace in the Balkans Is
More Hopeful. ;
Shipyard Trust Disclos
ures .Affect t Wall
Street.
Flour Declared to Have
Been Poisoned in
Wtiatcom.
CONSIDER PLANS
FOR FEDERATION
YOKOHAMA, Oct 8.— According to all reports, to-day,
the date fixed for "the evacuation of parts of Manchuria by the
Russian troops passed without a Russian move toward the evacu
ation of Manchuria. In the meantime the Russo-Japanese nego
tiations regarding Korea and Manchuria are proceeding in Tokio
between the Japanese Cabinet and the Russian Minister, Baron de
Rosen. The latter is acting under direct instructions from Ad
miral Alexleff > viceroy of the Far East.
The prospect is considered doubtful unless Russia makes sub
• stantial concessions. The rumor of the Japanese rejection of the
Russian demands is officially denied. The press to-day was of
ficially warned against indulging in sensationalism.
China is understood to be awaiting the result of Japan's ne
gotiations before further treating with Russia for the evacuation
of Manchuria.
The Patrie to-day, in a special from Darmstadt, published an
interview of Alexander Savinski, the Secretary of j Foreign Af
fairs, with Minister ifamsdorff, who, it is claimed, spoke on the
authority of his chief on Russian- Japanese relations. M. Sav
inski is quoted as saying:
"Our agents at Tokio have informed U9 that Japan desires
war and is prepared for it We have enough troops in Siberia to
resist all the Japanese force."
Regarding Turkey and Bulgaria, M. Savinsld said that the
accord between Russia and Austria was stronger than, ever and
that he did not believe war between those two countries would
occur. ¦ j ¦„,•,. •
all classes, has left Port Arthur and has arrived at Ma-San-Pho,
in Southern Korea, where the Japanese fleet had already arrived.
The Russian ships have anchored within the Ma-Sa^Pho har
bor, alongside the Japanese ships, ' .'¦
Several brigades of Russian troops have been moved forward
to the Korean boundary and are now encamped on the border.
Diplomatic negotiations are still proceeding at Tokio. These do
not relate to the evacuation of Manchuria by the Russian troops,
but to the future of Korea. )
every detail. It includes transports, which could be used in an
/invasion of Japan by carrying troops from Dalriy, one of the
terminals of the Trans-Siberian Railroad.
The mobilization of the fighting forces of the two powers is
taken as showing that they both have thrown off the mask and
acknowledged that the Manchurian question is of the past and
less vital than the Korean situation. Japan is directing a protest
against Russia's aggressive policy- in Korea rather than in Man-
The reported movements of Russian regiments to the fron
tier of Korea is regarded as the expected consequence of the dec
lination of the request that the Russian lumber concessionaires in
Korea be protected, made upon the Korean Government by the
Russian Minister at Seoul. Jie was reported as having declared
tyiat if Korea did not protect the concessionaires Russian troops
would be thrown into the troubled district for that purpose.
The report that Russia has proposed to Japan a partition of
Korea, the upper half going to Russia and the lower half, to
Japan, is not regarded here as well founded. It is believed, how
ever, that Russia may have made some propositions in regard to
the continuance of Russia and Japan in Korea.
Heavy Turkish Losses
Are Reported From
the Field.
Continued From Page 1, Columns 6 and 7.
SHRINKAGE
IN VALUES
OF SHARES
BATTLE WAGES
NEAR SALONICA
POLICE HOLD
BAKERS FOR
GRAVE CRIME
KOREA THE STORM
CENTER IN CONFLICT
OF RIVAL NATIONS
THE SAN FHATJ CISCO GALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 0, 1908.
Continued From ?&f « 1, Columns 4 and 5.
DAY FOR EVACUATION
OF MANCHURIA FINDS
RUSSIA HOLDING ON
A ¦ Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
'_ . Itching.* Blind, , Bleeding , or . Protruding Pile*.
.Youri'druggist will-, refund » "money 'if'' Paso
Ointment fails to cure you In C to 11 days. 50c*
j'- 1 ST. . LOUIS, ; Oct. : 8.— Captain Perry Barth
olomew, «. late . treasurer.' and secretary . of the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition, who has been
Hi with lunsr trouble . for some time, died here
to-day;.- , - • . ' ••¦'¦ ; :• ¦
A large : crowd attended the last nad
rites, and friends of the, former., officer '.in
every . walk of: life were % among :." those
present. ,
Many, beautiful ; floral , pieces were sent
by • the veteran members 'of ; the \ Police
Department and other,: old-time friends of
the "deceased' detective.' --.The" pallbearers
were" Former '.Chief or Police iCrowley,
Captain Dunleavy, , Captain 1 Spillane, ; Cap
tain" Martin, Detective Robert ' Hogan,
John ¦ Seymour,". Detective -TVhittaker and
John Dougherty of: the 'Fire; Department.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Chas. Keilus & Co.
E x c I u s i v e
High-Grade Clothiers
Ko Branca Stores. No Agesta.
No Matter How Good the
Material May Be if Your
Clothes Don't Fit the
Personality Is Lost. Our
. Fall Smart Models Have
the Correct Ideas for Real
Good Dressers.
'I ' jp' ~ ©
ICe a r n y Street
T h ii r 1 o w B lock
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dyspepsia
and other stomach troubles
quickly relieved and in most cases
Burely cured by the use of
a - * f
This scientific germicide is abso-
lutely harmless: it subdues the
inflammation of the mucous mem-
brane oi the stomach, and by re-
moving the cause, effects a cure.
Used and recommended by leading phy-
sicians. Take no substitute and see that
each bottle bears my signature. Trial size,
• l.OO, at druggists or by mail, from
61.0 Princ* St. - XTcw Tork
' Send Jut BooikL
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AN ABSOLUTE^ NECESSITY.
So Thinks at Least Ono Traveling
TcLan. ¦ ¦• •
I would as soon thtnk of startrns oat with-
out toy mileage books and grip as to start out
en a trip without a box of Stuart' s Dyspepsia
Tablets in my valise, said a*jnvallnr maa
who represents a Et. Louis hardwtra^ house.
Why? Because I hara to put up at an kinds
of hotels and boardlns>hooses. I have to eat
good, bad and Indifferent food at all hours
of the day and night and I don't b-llev«> any
man's stomach will stand that tort of thine
without protest, anyway I know mln» won't.
It haa to hare something to break th» fall,
and Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets Is th« crutch
I fall back on.
My friends often "Josh" m* about It, teR
me I'm an easy mark for patent medlcin*
fakers, that advertised medicines ar« humbugs.
etc.. but I notice that they ar» nearly always
complaining of their aches and pains and poor
digestion, while I can stand most any old kind
of fare and feel good and ready for my work
when it needs me, and I believe I ow« my good
digestion and sound health to the dally, regu- I
lar use of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, year In *
and year out. and all the "Joshing" In th»
world will never convince me to the- contrary.
I used to have heartburn about three times
a day and a headache about three or four
times a week and after standing for this for
four cr five years I began to look around for
a crutch and found it when my doctor told m»
the best Investment I could mak» would be a
50-cent box of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, and
I hare Invested about SO cents a month for
them ever since, and when I stop to think that
that Is what I spend every day for cigars I feel
like shaking hands with myself, for I can keep
my stomach and digestion In first-class order
for tO cents a month. I don't care for any
better life Insurance.
. My druggist tells m* they . ara the most
popular of all stomach medicines and that th»y
have maintained their popularity and success,
because they do as advertised. They brine re-
sults, and results ar* what count In patent
medicine as much as In selling barbed wire.
SpffEMIAN
Pure. Pde and Sparkling. Bottled
Only «t the Brewery fa St. Loo».
SOU) eVE8YWMES£ |
HIUIKRT MERCANTILE CO..
t Pacific Cosst Ageats.
1A/. X. HESS.
Votary Public and Attorn ey-at-Law.
Tenth Floor. Hcom lvli, Claus SprccJ&ela biiia.
Telephone Main 083.
Residence. 821 California St.. below PoweU.
Residence Telephone James 1301.
g\ R I II I #% Ammunition. Husttac and
l\!%* tporttng Good*. L*rcf»t
II |VI stock. Lowest prices. SH& J
HI llfJa ¦ (or catalogue.
U W 1 « BHREVB A BARBER CO..
" " TJSt Market st. aad 3il
Ktarny st.
tz\ | 1 I liMM| m 1 HI m Er9 jbi,
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF TU3
WE8T. 24 Post «t. Baa Francisco, GaL
Established 40 years. Open entire yeafw
• Write for Illustrated catalogue {Xmi,BERLIN. Oct. 8 —A military Journal
says that 10,000 young men eligible for
military service who have not reported
for enlistment this year have* been sen
tenced.* It Is presumed they are i out of
the country. This number is more than
twice as many as usual. •
Fail to Respond for Military Duty.
At the request of the Chinese Govern
ment an article has been incorporated in
the treaty by which the United States
consents to the prohibition of the Impor
tation into China of morphia and of in
struments for)it4"Jnjection.
Another article.* 1 of ' the treaty provides
for the opening to internal trade, in the
same conditions and manner as other
places arc now opened ; to like trade in
China, of the cities ; of Fend ..Tien Fu
(Mukden) and Antung, the first the capi
tal of the Manchurian province of .Sheng
Ching and the latter a" port on the Yalu
River on the road between Mukden and
Wiju, in Korea. % <$
territory mining operations and other nec
essary business connected therewith.
PROTECTION FOR MISSIONS.
Article 9 provides for the protection of
trademarks In China.
Article 10 provides for the protection of
patents and article 11 for the protection
of copyrights.
By article 13 the Chinese Government
agrees to take the necessary steps to pro
vide for a uniform national coinage which
shall be a legal tender throughout the
empire.
Article 14 relates to Chinese Christians
and to missionaries. It Insures the former
the free exercise of their religion and pro
tects them against the injustice of native
officials, while not, however, removing
them from their jurisdiction or claiming
for American missionaries the right to
interfere with the exercise by the native
authorities of their Jurisdiction over the
natives. To the missionaries it secures
what they have sought for many years, a
recognition of their right to rent and
lease in perpetuity such property as their
societies may need In all parts of the em
pire. .,
PASADENA, Oct. 8.— David Dezitt. a
teamster employed by the Pacific Electric
Railway, received Injuries in a runaway
accident here to-day, which an hour latc-r
resulted in his death. Dezitt was thrown
from the wapou he was driving.
Teamster Dies From Injuries.
HOLLISTER, Oct. 8.— J. K. Fleming,
proprietor of the Hotel Hollister, died
here to-day after a brief Illness. Fleming
was formerly of Pittsburgh but lately of
Texas. He leaves a wife here and a
father and several sisters In the East.
Death Calls Hotel Proprietor.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 8.— Governor Par
dee this afternoon Issued a requisition
upon the Governor of Missouri for the re
turn to this State of J. Weller Reed, who
is wanted at Los Angeles on a charge of
embezzlement. Reed was for some time
secretary of the Los Angeles branch of
the California Fruit Canners' Association
and in that position handled considerable
money for the concern. - September 26
Reed tied Los Angeles, taking with him
(5000 of the association's funds.
Requisition for J. Weller Reed.
VICTORIA. B. C. Oct. 8.— Vic-roy
Taen Shuen, since taking charge of the
movement against the Kwang SI rebels of
South China, has been successful, and
Hongkong papers predict that he will
crush the revolution which has been in
progress for three "years and is aided by
Chinese In the United States and else
where. A large consignment of arms was
successfully run to the rebels during Au
gust.
Viceroy Now in Charge of the Opera
tions Meets With
Success.
SOUTH CHINA REBELS .
MAY BE EXTERMINATED
"It will be all off in a few minutes. I'll
keep my word. They'll not send me over
the road."
Wells then entered the toilet room and
was gone about ten minutes. On coming
out he went to his seat and arranged it
so he could stretch himself. He then
placed a large black handkerchief about
his head. Shortly afterward dinner was
announced and the officers attempted to
"wake Wells. They found him Insensible
and it was only after a physician had
worked on him for two hcurs that he was
revived.
PORTLAND. Or.. Oct. 8.— Austin Wells,
one of the four men accused of counter
feiting brought to this city last night
from Eastern Oregon by United States
Marshal Rob3rts, attempted suicide by
taking morphine on the train while on
his way to Portland. Wells and Stratton,
guarded by the officers, were In tne
smoking compartment of the chair, car.
Wells called Stratton to one side and
said:
Austin. Wells, Accused of Counterfeit
ing, Tries to 'Kill Himself
Near Portland.
PRISONER ATTEMPTS
SUICIDE ON A TRAIN
By article 7 the Chinese Government,
"recofrnizirig that it is advantageous for
the country to develop its mineral re-
Fourcrs and that it is desirable to attract
foreign as well as Chinese capital to em
bark in mining enterprises." agrees with
in a year from the signing of the treaty
to conclude the revision of Its mining reg
ulations so that citizens of the United
States may be able to carry on in Chinese
WILL BEVTSE MINING LAWS.
The remaining provisions of article 4 re
late to the method to be followed in abol
ishing the present internal tax levying
system. It limits the places where native
custom-houses can be maintained, pro
vides for certificates of identification for
foreign imports, and the treatment of
Chinese machine-made goods, which are
to enjoy a rebate on the import tax and
exemption from export tax. Finally, It
provides the method of investigation of
complaints and declares that an imperial
edict shall be issued at a date to be here
aTter f.xed. setting forth the abolition of
likin taxation and charging the various
high officials of the empire with carrying
It out.
Ey another article tho Chinese Govern
ment agrees to the establishment of
bonded warehouses by citizens of the
United States at the open ports of China,
Articles 1. - and 3 refer to the rights
and privileges of diplomatic officers, Con
suls end citizens of the United States in
China and embody a number of changes
•which have been sanctioned by usage in
China since the treaty of 1S5S.
Article 4 is the most Important of tho
treaty. By it the Chinese Government,
recognizing that the present system of
levying dues upon goods in transit, and
especially the system of taxation known
as likin. impedes the free circulation of
commodities to the general injury of
trade, undertakes, after the ratification
of the treaty and at a date to be mutual
ly agreed upon, to abandon the levy of
likin and other transit dues throughout
the empire and to abolish all the barriers
and tax stations maintained for their col
lection. The United States, In considera
tion cf th«- change, agrees, if all other
powers having treaties with China do
likewise, to pay at the port of entry on
all its imports into China a surtax of one
and one-half times the tariff Import duty.
• By this payment they shall assure com
plete Immunity from all other taxation
whatsoever in the empire. Exports from
China shall pay TH per cent ad valorem
(as at present) the whole amount of the
duty being collected at the port of ex
portation. These are the salient points
of this article, which officials believe may
bring about a complete and satisfactory
reform in the fiscal administration of the
empire and enable the central Govern
ment to derive much larger sums from
the internal taxes than it now does, when
*he cost of collection Is perhaps 50 per
cent of the whole.
The negotiations between China and the
United States which culminated in the
treaty signed to-day were initiated under
the provisions of article 2 of the final
protocol, signed by the powers at Peking
en September 5, 1901. terminating the anti
foreign outbreak of the preceding year.
The present treaty has for its object to
extend the commercial relations between
the contracting powrrs by amending our
existing treaty of commerce and naviga
tion with China and other subjects con
cerning commercial relations with the ob
ject of facilitating them.
ABANDONS LEVY OF LJKIN.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 8.— The State De
partment was Informed to-day that the
American-Chinese commercial treaty had
been signed at Shanghai and that the
Japanese-Chttese treaty also was signed
this afternoon. An imperial decree by the
Chinese Government has made the treaty
effective bo far as that Government Is
concerned, but it must be ratified by the
United States Senate before ratification
can be exchanged and the treaty put into
operation.
Great satisfaction is expressed at the
State Department at the outcome. It
makes certain that the two ports in Man
churia wi!l be opened to the United
States, no matter what the outcome as to
the negotiations for the evacuation cf
that territory by Russia may be. The
assurance that Russia had previously
givrn. and to which this Government
would insist upon, is that the treaty ar
rangements made with China covering
Manchurian ports will be binding upon
the Russian Government.
Convention Will Not Go Into Effect
• Until After It Has Been Rati
fied by the American
Senate.
Arrangements Made Cover
ing Manchurian Ports
Bind Russia.
REDDING. Oct. 8.— "Kid" "White, one of
the cleverest burglars and slot machine
crackers ever In Northern California,
was caught Wednesday night at Slsson.
Music was the cause of his capture. The
unexpected loosening up of the music
box attachment to a slot machine in a
McCloud saloon early Wednesday morning
led the officer to suspect and pnrsue
White.
About 1 o'clock Wednesday morning
White and his pal, A. Sholtz, broke into
C. H. Prince's saloon at McCloud. They
tore the 50-cent slot machine from Its
fastenings and carried it into the woodS
shed- There they broke into the machine
and took out $29. They then returned and
started to carry off the 25-cent machine.
Just as thev reached the door the music
box attachment turned lcose. The music
awakened Barkeeper Mclntyre. He fired
two shots at the robbers, who were re
treating.
Mclntyre notified Deputy Sheriffs W. G.
Hale and J. Clawson and the two gave
chase. The officers tracked the men, to
Sisson, where White and Sholtz were seen
running- through town in an endeavor to
board the southbound train. Sholtz suc
ceeded in getting away on the train.
White, after his capture, confessed to
the robbery and stated that he and Sholtz
had operated In every town north of
Sacramento. It is believed that White
and pals have been doing all the slot ma
chine cracking in this neighborhood for
a year past.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Great Satisfaction Is
Expressed at State
Department.
Northern California Offenders
Have ' Brisk -Time at
McCloud.
It Does Not Soothe the
Breasts of Slot Ma
chine Crackers.
CHINA SIGNS
TREATY ON
COMMERCE
BURGLARS FIND
MUSIC CHARMLESS
THE SAN FKANC1SCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1903.
3
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOCTOBS INDORSE HERPICIDE.
Because Its Formula Is Submitted to
Them.
Alexander McMillan. M. D., a promi-
nent physician of I^anslng, Michigan,
writes: "On three cases I have tested
Herpicide for dandruff and the result has
been all that could be desired."
Herpicide Is made upon an entirely new
principle, that is, that dandruit and fall-
ing hair are caused from a microbe that
Infests the hair bulb, and, by destroying
the microbe one's hair is bound to grow-
luxuriantly. Herpicide Is the only hair
remedy that claims to, and really does,
destroy the dandruff germs.
Bold by leading druggists. Bend 10c in
stamps for sample to The Herpicide Co
Detroit. Mich. '
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
Tbe Kind You Have Always Bough! |
Bears the >^r s/f/jt * s?- m
One little group of supplies,
Schilling's Best
tea b«.tdag-pow(!er ipices
coffe* flavoring extracts %oix
makes " no trouble to you or
your grocer.
Moneyback.
_ s ADVERTISEMENTS. ,,•'.- "^
''¦'.^'^l"-:^:-'""':- ¦... '" - ' :•¦; ' _ * "Vw ¦ '¦ ' ¦ " . ' ""¦".¦'¦"¦'.'" ' ' . ¦¦¦ C '""¦v1
- / . y ¦ ' - _' _¦ ' ¦ •• . -
The "Cravenette" Rain Coat isthe successor of the mackintosh, because it is cool
and comfortable, yet waterproof; and because when stylishly made up it can be worn
any time as an overcoat. It's a coat for rain or shjne.
So successful has been Priestly 's Cravenettes for wear as raincoats that to-day
Rain Coats and Cravenettes are synonymous.
"Cravenette" cloth contains no rubber, but is a worsted material treated by a ,
'secret chemical process before the goods are woven. This process renders the cloth
waterproof, and it never loses its waterproof property.
. Priestly & Co. (Ltd.) of London are the only makers of the genuine Cravenette
cloth. Every yard of their cloth bears their trade mark, as shown below.
We buy the cloth direct from Priestly & Co. and make up our own garments. In
this way we sell the coats at only _ one profit and consequently undersell other dealers.
, We are the only firm in San Francisco selling a genuine Priestly English Cravenette
We have the garments in tweeds, cheviots and worsteds in pin checks, over-
plaids, pepper and salt mixtures, and -, the solid colors of oxford gray, slate, black,
brown, tan and olive.
We are headquarters for ¦ Priestly 's "Cravenette" Rain Coats, and carry a complete
stock from $10 to $25.
Every garment is guaranteed waterpfoof. Your money back if any v toat is not
as we claim.
Remember: Every fain cpat^is'not a "Cravenette," but every "Cravenette" is ;
a rain coat. • ¦
We can fill mail orders for these Ki Cravenettes"- — in ora&ing send your chest measure, » - v
/A* !iS^\ Facsimile of tho stamp Ijkf Imiilijli I? M®\ Facsimile of tho stamp /A^^S$\\
li™2W^ll on every yard of Priest- e WW@ HI! if it W (%1 I S 9 on every yard of Priest- \umW^ )\
II -«£f CD /j to'* Genuine English W Jff I m. ¥* §J ly's Genuine English \y ?£?*]}
JJ'- "Gravenettem" M ' y~ V^ : - : '¦¦'¦'' ' ¦ • ¦ \a^^ "Oravenettem" \^Ciwvcnctte JJFORMER MAYOR OF OAK
LAND, WHO DIED AT "NEW
BRITAIN, CONN.
ALAMEDA WOMEN WHO ARE TAKING AN ACTIVE INTEREST IN
THE CONCERT TO BE GIVEN SATURDAY EVENING FOR THE
BENEFIT OF NOTRE DAME ACADEMY.
. Harry Akesswn. a prominent local business
man, and . Mlas Slgne Johansson were . united
In man-lace last evening at the .bride's home
on Park avenue, the Rev." August J. Rodell of
the German Lutheran Church of Oakland ofn
clatlnjr. There were no attendants, and the
celebration of the wedding: ceremony, wag .wit
nessed by a few " intimate friends. Mr. and
Mrs. Akesson will reside at 2323 Central ave
nue. ¦ . ¦ .• ; ¦
daughter of Mr. and lira. J. C. Bates, became
the bride of Charles A. Pesoll at 8 o'clock
last evening at the home of her parents, 2165
Central avenue. Rev. William Norman Guth
rle ¦ of . Christ Episcopal Church performed the
marriage ceremony. Miss Anita Colllschon of
Ban i Francisco attended the bride as maid of
honor and Robert L>ee Frank supported ¦ the
groom I as best man. Little ' Phyllis Plummer
was the ring-bearer. A* reception and banquet
followed the t weddinsr. Mr. and- Mrs. ' Pesoll
will visit Southern California and the Grand
Canyon of the | Colorado on their .' honeymoon,
and upon returning '.will reside in this city.
The groom is the son of the French Consul at
Philadelphia, and is engaged in business in
San Francisco. -> ¦.'•¦• ....-.¦•¦
OAKLAND, Oct. 8.— The following mar
riage licenses , were issued to-day by the
County. Clerk: ' Manuel Amaral, 36, and
Marnic Marlza, 21,_both of Oakland; Fred
erick F. Olsen, 29, Point Arena, and Wil
helmina'F. Geuder, 27, San Francisco;
Isaac, Lust, 30, and Jennie Coleman, 21,
both of San Francisco. <
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Oct. 8.— A new club of de
votees of the gun has been organized in
Oakland and the members have secured
a large preserve In Solano County. Fol
lowing are the charter members of the
club: A. A. Moore Sr., W. S. Goodfel
low, Arthur Goodfellow, Wlckham Hav
ens, Henry Wetherbee, John C. Klein,
Harold 'Havens, Charles Wetherbee and
A. A. Moore Jr.
Organize New Gun Club.
ALAMEDA, Oct 8. — Hugh Carpenter,
local superintendent for the Pacific States
Telephone Company, charged with as
sault with a deadly ' weapon upon E. E.
Townsend, a union lineman, was cleared
of the charge at his preliminary hearing
held to-day before Justice of ¦ the Peace
George Samuels of Oakland, sitting for
City Justice " R. B. Tappan. Tho prose
cution failed to prove that the defendant
had any deadly weapon In his hand when
the alleged attack upon Townsend was
committed. -
Telephone Man Cleared.
OAKLAND, Oct. 8. — A communication
has been received by^ Mayor Olney from
Mrs. E. C. Jones of the Oakland Club,
who has been elected leader of the newly
organized Art League of the club. The
object of the organization is the beauti
fying of the principal streets of Oakland,
and'Mrs. Jones requests the Mayor to ap
point a special day for planting trees,
and urges that the residents of the city
be notified of the date and instructed as
to the best variety of trees to plant along
the streets to improve the, appearance of
the city.
Organize Art League.
Barnes remained out of trouble only a
short time after the marriage and was
arrested for passing a fictitious check and
is now serving a three months' sentence
in the County 'Jail 'for ' th* offense. • '*• .
OAKLAND, Oct. 8.— A default was en
tered to-day In the divorce suit "begun by
Mrs. Anna Hughes Barnes against Wil
liam E. Barnes, whom Mr^. Barnes bailed
out of Jail, a few months ago to marry,
and save from the penitentiary.
Mrs. Barnes had him arrested for steal
ing from her $100 and a gold watch and
going on a spree in San Francisco with
the proceeds of his. theft But a few
weeks had elapsed after Barnes gained
his freedom before his wife filed a divorce
complaint alleging that he had beaten
her.
William R Barnes Defaults in Suit
Brought by "Woman Who
Saved Him. .
PRISONER MAKES NO
CONTEST OVER DIVORCE
A first class programme has been ar
ranged' by the committee, the members
of which are working hard to make the
entertainment a success.
Following are the members of the Ala
meda County commltte'e:
Joseph Knowland, chairman; George W.
Frlck secretary; Alameda Parlor No. 47, J. F.
Hansen, W.- B. Bamber, II. von Tagen ; Oak
land Parlor No 50, G. W. Frlck. G. R. Stet
son J. Naegle; Piedmont Parlor No. 120. D.
W. ' Doody. J. J. McElroy. W. D. Sagehorn;
Halycon Parlor No. 146. J. R. Knowland, C.
P Magagnos, C. F. Harvey; Brooklyn Parlor
No 151 J. D. Vestal G. A. Taylor. G. J.
Haas; Athens Parlor No. 105. Dr. W. H. Ab
bey B. G Buswell, B. F. Garrison; Berkeley
Parlor No. 210. L.. C. McAllister. L. C. Haw
ley, H. H. Hoffman.
A fund Is being 'raised by the members
of the Native Sons to defray the expenses
of the exercises to be held by the organ
ization at the launching of the cruiser
California and a special launching com
mittee has been appointed from the va
rious parlors of Native Sons in Alameda
County to aid in the work.
At a recent meeting of this committee
held at the headquarters of Oakland Par
lor arrangements were completed for a
grand .entertainment under the auspices
of the parlors to be held at Idora Park
on Wednesday evening, October 21. The
proceeds of the event will be turned over
to the general fund which Is being raised
throughout the State to meet the expenses
of the launching programme and to pro
vide a silver service for the cruiser. ,
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 8.
Alameda County Committee
Taking Steps to Raise
Will Hold Exercises at
Launching of the
.California.
NATIVE SONS
TO ENTERTAIN
San Leandro's Tax Rate.
SAN LEANDRO. Oct. 8.-The Town
Trustees have fixed the tax rate at 80
cents. MMnngUBBBpj
•.: SANTA CRUZ, ; Oct. 8.— Peter Beck T arid
Dennis ; Dawson, : who ¦ broke ¦- from jail' on
Monday evening of last week and were
captured , . Friday J , at c- Chuaiar,' pleaded
guilty;: thl3 : morning ¦ and ; each' was } given
a v, sentence i of .eighteen ' months ' in • San
Quentin by; Judge Smith-
Runaway; Prisoners Are Sentenced.
OAKLAND, ¦ : Oct. 8. — -Bult - for - $25,000
damages for extreme jCruelty. and the in
juries resulting from (if has been filed
against the Alaska ' Peninsula Packing
Company by Adolf Krei, who alleges that
the company's superintendent, A. Wag
ner, at Bristol Bay. Alaska, choked and
beat him, Inflicting terrible punishment,
and then made him work. He claims that
his health is broken down in consequence
of it
Asks Damages for Cruelty.
President. Dr. Dudley Smith; vice president.
J. R. Trego; secretary and treasurer A B
Haurmaa; range manager. Dr. C. P. Mariotte-
H. H. Gribben. George Flint. Hon. J. W Tom
kins. I>r. J. w Stalder, P. A. Becker and E
G. Dcwald.
OAKLAND.' Oct, 8.-A number of local
marksmen have organized the Oakland
Revolver Club. Pending the completion
of club ranges, a number of private
ranges have been placed at the disposal
of the members. Arrangements are be
ing made for a number of twenty-yard
indoor ranges, to be so located that they
will be accessible to the members at all
times.
The officers and members of the new
organization, are:
Bevolver Club Organized.
, The ¦¦ problem that civilization has before it
now Is, the setting of the tropics. It was la
the tropics men ¦gun to be civilized, I suppose
because It is an easy place 'to - live ' in. The
American Government has already done much
toward helping tho white "man to live in the
tropics. It has given modern methods on sani
tary lines to the people in our new possessions
in the Philippines. ¦, . .
'American ideas are Invading. the islands and
they will soon be made pleasant. ' The Ameri
cans now ' are • pretty safe in all parts of the
islands. Brigands are few and merely strag
glers of a five years' : Insurrection, who thought
they had learned to live without working. They
learned during the war that to take a general's
commission was : to derive a , living from doing
nothing, t But these brigands very seldom mo
lest, the Americans. '.They live mainly off their
own . people. : I s believe it will ; be only - a short
time when the white man will thickly populate
the recently acquired islands in the Orient •
OAKLAND, Oct. 8.— Prof essor Bernard
Moses of the United States Philippines
Commission was the guest to-night of the
Starr King . Fraternity at /Wendte Hall.
Professor Moses entertained the members
and their friends with an interesting nar
rative of the work done in the Philippines
by the Americans, military, naval and
civil. The speaker said, concerning life in
the tropics: .
Gives Description . of Present Con
dition of Affairs in Philip
. - pine Islands; '
MOSES SPEAKS BEFORE
STARR KING FRATERNITY
OAKLAND, Oct. 8.— Four cars, com
prising the first electric train which will
be used by the new San Francisco, Oak
land and San Jose Railroad's ferry sys
tem, have arrived. The train will be ope
rated for the first time on Saturday
morning, when Mrs. F. M. Smith will
entertain a large number of society peo
ple In a trip over the new line and on
the bav. In the evening the train will
do service from Fortieth street and San
Pablo avenue to the new depot at the end
of the long pier, -where the Carmen's Social
and Benevolent Society will hold its an
nual celebration. The train is composed
of a motor car and three large trailers
all of the general Pullman type. : The
cars are berng equipped at the company's
power-house under direction of Assistant
General Manager John Q. Brown of tha
Oakland Transit Consolidated.
Cars Arrive and Are Being Equipped
for Service at Pier on
Saturday.
ITBST ELECTBIC TBAIN
FOB 1TEW EEEBT LINE
Professor J. C. Merriam delivered a lecture
at the zoological seminary this afternoon on
"The Hyena-like Carnivores of America." Dr.
Merrlam recently studied some specimens of the
hyena found in Kern County and discovered
that they bear . a close resemblance to those
found in other parts • of America, ! though they
differ widely from those of Europe. • . , • i
The ehort courses in agriculture and dairying
began yesterday at the -college of ¦ agriculture.
The attendance Is not as . large , as last year,
there being -but twenty-seven in the dairying
classes and five In the agricultural classes.
BERKELEY," Oct. 8. — The university meet
ing to-morrow will be commemorative of the
fiftieth anniversary of the conferring of . the
degree of doctor of philosophy upon Professor
B. W. Hilgard by the University" of Heidelberg.
That university recently honored Professor Hil
gard by. reconferring the degree. Professor Hil
gard will speak, as will also Professor Wllltam
Carey Jones. The meeting. will be held in Har
mon Gymnasium instead of at the Greek Thea
ter. . . " .
ALAMEDA. Oct. 8.— Miss Lucy H. 1 \ Bates,
• • •
Mlsa Edythe Adams will be tho hostess to
morrow atia large card party at her home on
Mcrrlmao > street. "She, will be assisted' by
Misses Florence Starr. Edith Goodfellow. Mary
Bell and lima Chase. ¦ , x •,¦>-.• -,.
--..Mr. -and Mrs. "• Irving Burrell (nee'Kenna)
have returned and are at their, new home' on
Orange street. . ¦¦ : ,-
The marriage of Miss Lottie Fitzgerald I and
William Richardson was solemnized ' Tuesday
evening," the ceremony taking '. place 'at • the
rectory of St. Mary's •. church. . Rev. '¦ Father
F^X. " Morrison was the officiating clergy-
MSfn bride wore a - stylish , tailor- me de ' gown
aiBr hat of blue and her bridesmaid, Miss Julia
JaeoUs, was attired in a mode crepo de chine
wlthTi becoming hat of pale blue ¦
. The groom was attended by William Fitz
gerald, the "bride's brother.- r- .
After the "ceremony a small Informal recep
tion was given ex\ the ..bride's ,• home when
she .was , presented with a beautiful ¦ set of
china the gift of her girl associates. ' Mr and
Mrs. 'Richardson will reside in Oakland, where
the groom la engaged in business. ,
The reception and art exhibit given by Miss
Marion Kavanaugh to-day at the Ebelf Club
rooms was well attended, the chosen few en
joying a delightful afternoon looking IT the
pictures and discussing them over a cud of
fragrant tea . . v
Forty or fifty pictures. were on display/ show
ing to splendid advantage the rare talent and
versatility of the artist. The portraits at
tracted much attention, especially the two de
lightful sketches— one a head and the other a
fancy pose— of Mrs. A. L. Stone's little boy.
The Ideal head, posed for by Miss Lulu Dan
iells of Alameda, was much admired aa was
also the portraits of Miss Louise Ilapar and
Miss Alice Hoyt. - . """*
• There were several scenes of " Mill Valley
and Santa Barbara County, one of ¦ drifting
clouds over mountain peaks being particularly
good. All of Miss Kavanaugh's work ehows
not only a careful execution, but a thorough
comprehension of the varying mood* of na
ture.
Among those who called this afternoon
were : Mrs. A. . I*. ' Stone. Mrs. . Havemeyer
Miss Miller, Mrs. McDonald. ¦ Mrs. Oscar Lim
ing, Mrs. A. "W. Burrell, Mrs. L. Tashelra,
Mra. A. W. Gorrill. ' Miss Kurtz, Miss Chand
ler. Mra. Chandler, Mrs. Barber. Misses Tur
rell, Mr. and Mrs. T. G. Danlells of Ala
meda. and others. '-¦*.• ; ,
Miss Kavanaugh was assisted in receiving
by her aunt. Mrs. Ew C. Hagar. Miss Hagar
and Mrs. Arthur Moore. The pictures will be
on display to-morrow.
OAKLAND. Oct. 8.— A farewell reception
was given to Mr. and Mrs. Benjamin "Fay
Mills and family last evening by Misses 'Win
ifred and Marguerite Warner at their home,
710 Fifteenth Btreet. . Mr. Mills expects to
leave Oakland next Sunday and . those invited
to meet him last evening included many of
the younger members of the Unitarian church,
of which he has been minister, for four years.
A programme replete with delightful and orig
inal features was rendered during the evening 1
and later supper was served, day - M Bur
rell entertained with a violin «olo "Cavalleria
Kusticana," as Mascagnl would play it after
nla American tour. The well-known melody
wag plentifully sprinkled with popular rag
time airs and the effect was' unique and lu
dicrous. Mr. BurreJl was assisted by Miss
Warner at the piano. ¦
• Other numbers on the programme were a
song by Miss Winifred Wilson; a scene from
•'The Birds 1 Christmas Carol," admirably done
by Miss. Ruth Woodbury; mandolin and piano
duets by Emll Fritsch and Misa Fritsch; an
instrumental trio by Dr. Frank Hus violin;
Arthur Baker, flute, and Rufus Smith, piano;
songs by Ruth and Jessie Wlllard in costume;
Bernard Miller In clever monologue work.
«. w ' Ison 8an * several barytone eolos
and Miss Delight Woodbury gave a reading
and burlesque on delsarte. The hit of the
evening was made by Charlie MIIIb in an ex
cellent imitation of Sousa. ¦-. He was "made
up to represent the famous bandmaster and
furnished the necessary music with ' a har
monica.
Amon* those who enjoyed the programme
were: Mr. and Mrs. A. H. Elliott, Mr. and
Mra. Julius Ellis Misses Gorrill, Vlll Gor
rill Misses. Wlllard. Misses Grace and Joseph
ine Letcher, Miss Daisy Fltzmaurlee Will
Flttmaurice. Miss Effle Vance, Miss Winifred
Wilson. Miss Olive Dibert. Mis, AlTce PhelpZ
Clarence \\oodbury and the honored guests,
Mr. and Mrs. Mills, Miss Ethelwyn Mills,
Thornton and Charlie Mills. "
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
OAKLAND, Oct. 8.— The point was
raised by Judge Ellsworth to-day as to
the BufSciency of the form of naturaliza
tion blanks being sent out to - various
County Clerks by San Francisco printing
houses and which he is inclined to be
iieve are not legal. In the case of Her
bert A. Talbot of Alameda, who was be
fore him to-day for naturalization, the
Judge Inserted a considerable amount of
matter which he deemed necessary ac
cording to the rcQuirements*of the Fed
eral statutes and then called a confer
ence of the other Superior Judges in re
gard to the matter.
There were present at the discussion
Judges Greene, Hall, Melvin, Ogden and
Ellsworth, and while no definite decision
was reached, it was agreed that the mat
ter would bear further Investigation. The
objection raised to the blanks is that they
refer to certain portions of the statute In
stead of enumerating certain things re
quired to be sworn to by the candidate
for citizenship. Thousands of the blanks
have been sent out over the country.
Superior Judges Sitting in Bank Con
sider Sufficiency of Forms Be
ing Sent Out.
BELIEVE NATURALIZATION
BLANKS ABE ILLEGAL
UIVNERSJTY EVENTS
Patronesses— Mis*. Mollie Kane, Mrs. J. M.
Cremin. Mrs. Columbus Bartlett. Mrs. E, G.
Buckley, Mrs. Edgar Painter, Mrs. C. GeWge
Bull, Mrs. David de Bernardl, Mrs. II. H.
Sherwood, Mrs. W. R. Pocock. Mrs. C. F.
McCarthy. , Mrs. M. F. Mcuurn, Mrs. Mary
Halton, . Mrs. A. B. Derby, Mrs. Gerald E.
Goggln and the Misses Gallagher, Rich and
Kaw.
Ushers — Miss Adelaide - Jones, MJss Grace
Buckley, Miss Bessie Robinson, Miss Edith
FoBter, Miss Mamie Politeo, Miss Jeanne Car
pentier, Miss Ellen Sullivan, Miss Marian Hall
Miss Ellen O'Sullivan and Miss Alrna Koorrit.
Music — Mrs. Harry Young, Mrs. 3, J. Tobln,
Mrs. Julius Qutnchard, Miss Magulre and Mra.
Dlckman. • f-v-v-.:,
All the arrangements for the . concert,
which is to be in the nature of a benefit
to the Sisters of Notre Dame, are in the
hands of well known society people, who
are assisting in promoting and insuring
the success of the affair. Following are
the ladles on the various committees:
. Reception — Mrs. S. t A. O'Neill, Mrs. Joseph
Durney, S Mrs. Alexander Bourn, Mrs. A. M.
Rosseter Mrs, Kllzabeth O'Connor and Mrs.
Teresa Ryan.
view the interior of the beautiful
hall of harmony of Notre Dame Acad
emy. There will be rendered a programme
of Instrumental and vocal numbers by
some of the best known exponents of
sound and song In the local musical
world. Among those who will partici
pate in the concert are Madame Tojetti,
dramatic soprano; Mrs. E. M. Burns,
lyric soprano;- Miss Sullivan, contralto;
E. A. Thornton, tenor; Ludwig Warnkc,
tenor; Mr. Fowden, barytone; Professor
Sandy, bas?o; August Hinrlchs and Miss
Stella Eaton, violinists; Miss Elliott,
harpist; Miss Arrillaga, pianist. There
will be selections by a quartet and by the
Leone orchestra. Experts who have in
spected the new music hall pronounce It
one of the finest of its class on the Pa
cific Coast. It has a seating capacity of
400. . \ .- 0
ALAMEDA, Oct 8.— Musio lovers
and the general public will be af
forded an opportunity for the
first time Saturday evening to
No preparations have yet been made for
the funeral, but it will undoubtedly be
held in Oakland, /under, the auspices of
the Masonic lodge. Deceased leaves a
widow and large family. His children are
as follows: N. Walter Spauiding Jr., San
Francisco; Mrs. F. D. Hardie, Belmont,
CaL; Mrs. E. D. Kneass, Vallejo, Cal. ;
Mrs. F."S. Ingalls, Yuma, Ariz., and Mrs.
N. A. Lundstrom, 1265 West street, Oak
land.
Deceased had a malarial fever while in
New Britain and when last heard from
was rapidly convalescing. He was up and
about and expected to return to his Oak
land home to make preparations for 'the
celebration of. his golden wedding, which
was to have occurred on May 20 ¦ of the
coming year. His one greatest wish was
that he would live to, be present at the
happy event and have all his children and
grandchildren -around, him once more. It
was his second atack of the fever and
he was too weak to recover. " •
TAKEN DOWN WITH FEVER.
Spauiding was a prominent member of
the Masonic, fraternity and was a thirty
third degree Mason. In 1855 he became a
Freemason. He was the first senior
warden and second master of Mission
Lodge, San Francisco. He was an active
worker in the Masonic relief board and
organized the Oakland Lodge, F. and A.
M., In 1868 and became its first master,
serving In that offlce for four terms. For
two terms he was high priest of Alameda
Chapter of . the Royal Arch Masons, at
taining the distinguished rank of grand
high priest of California. He was also
past grand treasurer of the Grand Lodge
of Calif ornf::. He was a member of Oak
land Commandery No. 31, Knights Tem
plar, and was also a member of the In
dependent Order of Odd Fellows.
Deceased was a director of the Home
for the Adult Blind on Telegraph avenue,
this city.
From 1881 to 1885 Spauiding was assist
ant United States Treasurer, his appoint
ment being one of the last acts of Pres
ident Garfleld.
Spauiding was a prominent Republican
and was twice Mayor of Oakland, the sec
ond time he was elected unanimously, no
one running against him. At. the time of
his second election Spauiding was In Chi
cago and was not aware that he had been
elected to the city's highest office until
he was notified by telegraph. He was also
In the City Council twice.
Deceased was a trustee of the Leland
Btanford Jr. University from the time of
it* founding up to a few weeks ago, when
he resigned to give way to Mrs. Stanford,
who wanted to become a trustee. No.
other member of the board of trustees
would give way to Mrs. , Stanford, so
Spaulding, although one of the oldest
members of the board, gave up his office-
He was a great friend of the late Leland
Stanford. ;
Nathan Spaulding's death will come, as
a great shock to his many friends. Tho
deceased was a prominent figure in the
history of California and held many po
sitions of Importance in the State.
He was born In North Anson, Me., Sep
tember 24, 1§29. He learned the trade of
a carpenter and millwright and came to
California in 185L Here he engaged in
mining, mill construction and lumbering
for a number of years. He was an .in
ventor of considerable note. In Sacra
mento, In 1859, he concentrated his ener
gies upon the manufacture of saws, tak
ing out many valuable patents.
He was the Inventor of the N. W.
Spauiding circular saw, and for a num
ber of years owned the Pacific Saw Man
ufacturing Company, San Francisco.
He invented an 'automatic window lock
and up to the time of his death was act-
Ing as the president and secretary of a
stock company which he formed to place
the inventich on the market.
HE WAS PROMINENT.
OAKLAND, Oct. 8.— Nathan W.
Spauiding, formerly a Mayor of
Oakland, Assistant "United States
Treasurer at San Francisco un
der President Garfield, former
trustee of Leland Stanford Jr. University
and a prominent member of the. Masonic
fraternity, died last night in New Britain,
Conn. Mr. Spauiding was 74 years of age
and he le.ft In June, accompanied by his
wife, for an extended Eastern trip. While
East he intended to supervise the man
ufacture of patented appliances in which
he was interested. He also desired to ex
amine closely the methods of adminis
tration at the various homes for the blind
in the East, in which he was Interested,
as he was a director of the California
State Industrial Home for the Adult
Blind in Oakland.
Depositions were read from Nesta Box
all, ar niece of the dead capitalist, in
which she charges that she was mis
treated in many ways by her uncle dur
ing his lifetime and that she submitted
to his abuse because he threatened in
case of her refusal to withdraw his sup
port from the immediate members of her
family. Mrs. Mamie Little, another of
the iioxall sisters, deposed that she also
wes a victim of her uncle's desires pre
vious to her marriage and that she con
fessed this fact to her husband when she
was confronted with the statement of her
sister Margaret, the reading of whose de
position- was concluded this morning.
The depositions of the three women
charged the dead capitalist with gross
Immorality toward them. They asserted
that they had made the depositions sim
ply out of Gratitude toward Frederick W.
Lloyd for ha vine freed, them from their
uncle's unwelcome attentions, and not in
the hope of receiving money.
The case goes on to-morrow.
OAKLAND, Oct. 8.— The hearing of the
contest of the will of the late capitalist,
Charles R. Lloyd, by his son, Frederick
W. Lloyd. whJ wa* disinherited by the
instrument, was resumed In the Superior
Court to-day.
Depositions Are Bead Asserting 1 Im
proper Conduct of Dead Capi
talist Toward Them.
THREE NIECES TESTIFY
IN LLOYD WILL CONTEST
It is alleged In the complaint that there
is $3^00 on deposit in the Central Bank
and $3000 in the Farmers' and Merchants'
Savings Bank. The complaint states that
a aerrand has be->n made on the banks,
but that this demand has been refused
and judgment is asked against them for
the amounts on deposit.
The suit is brought on behalf of Scott
and Taylor by Attorneys Reed N'us
baumcr. Jorgenson has been returned by
the Government to Denmark, but the
money he is charged with having stolen
has been held here until such time as the
courts should decide to whom it right
fully belongs.
A fight was begun in the courts to-day
for the money alleged. to have been stolen
by Julius Jorgenson, the absconding Dan
ish bank clerk, and which is still held by
the local banks in this city, where he de
posited it. Attorneys John C. Scott and
James A. Taylor, who represented Jor
geiison la hia fight against extradition
hero, secured assignments from their cli
ent of his claim to the money in payment
for their services and have made a de
mand on the banks for the coin, which
has been refused.
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 8.
Defaulting Cashier's Counsel
Asks $6300 as Payment
for Services. «
Lawyers Begin Action
to Obtain Ooin From
' the Banks.
Nathan W. Spauiding, at One Time Assistant
United States Treasurer and a Former
Mayor of the Bay City, Dies in the East
SUE FOR MONEY
JORGENSON LEFT
PROMINENT OAKLANDER
GOES TO HIS LAST REST
Wants S10.000 Damages.
OAKLAND. Oct. 8.— A suit for $10,000
damages was begun to-day by Thomas
Holladay against the Oakland Transit
Consolidated for injuries alleged to have
been , sustained by being knocked down
by a car at Third street and Broadway
on the night of December 30. 1902. He
claims -that his shoulder, was broken and,'
his - back' injured ¦ and that he has ¦ sus
tained permanent injury/
LAREDO, Tex.. Oct*. 8. — There wtu one
death from yellow fever to-day, the victim
baine an eld Mexican woman.
BERKELEY. Oct. 8. — Charles Cox. a
student at the University of California,
was severely powder-burned last. night at
Idora Park by the accidental discharge
of a pistol in the hands of R. L. Goldberg,
a fellow student. Cox and Goldberg were
performing for the Boating Association
benefit, and while going on the stage the
pistol went off. The shot -was fired at
close range and nearly blinded Cox. He
was hurried to a physician and is now out
of danger.
Powder Burns His Eye.
Burns had been sentenced to several
months'- Imprisonment for begging, but
had behaved himself until he -was looked
upon as safe and was privileged to go
about the place.
Burns took advantage of the general
disorder in the Jail attendant on the work
of painters engaged in retlntlng the in
terior to secure one of their ladders, and
putting It up beside the wall, gained the
top and had soon mingled with the citi
zens on the street on the other side with
out leaving a sign of his flight, with' the
exception of the empty Jailyard and the
telltale ladder idly leaning against the
wall.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call*
1113 Broadway, Oct. 8.
John Burns, a trusty at the County
Jail, escaped at 8 o'clock this morning by
scaling; the high wall that surrounds th«
prison. Deputy Sheriff Percy White, who
was in charge of the Jail at the time, was
notified some time after the escape and
started out Immediately to find the fugi
tive, v.
Capitalist Dietz bought this property in
187S from the University^ of California,
six years after the new site for the uni
versity had been occupied at Berkeley.
Bernhardt, Adelaide Neilson and a host
of .' people famous in the footllght world
appeared in the old opera house.* Next
door. Twelfth street. Is the old Audi
torium, once Oakland's largest theater
and only hall ; of j size in the city. Ram
shackle buildings, remains of the old col
lege, and converted Into lodging-house,
stables ; and 'other odds and . ends are
strewn - promiscuously about the block.
Dietz Opera House, at the northeast
corner oC . Twelfth and Webster streets,
has been the scene of some of the most
brilliant affairs in the theatrical and so
cial , history , of , Oakland. The corner. In
the halcyon days of "railroad" politics
in Oakland, was a resort for the politi
cians and men of? affairs. Here cham
pagne, ran like water and money flowed
with unending Jingle. .
Deeds passed to-day by which A. C.
Dietz, the pioneer capitalist of this city,
sold to C. H. King, anoth'er wealthy
Oaklander.the block bounded by Twelfth,
Thirteenth, Webster and Harrison streets,
which was the home of old California
College, the forerunner of the University
of California. Portions of the original
college building still occupy the property,
which is also the site of . several struc
tures that are landmarks in the history
of Oakland. .
The sale also Includes a frontage of
225 feet on Twelfth street, running east
from Harrison street, and 100 feet in
depth. At the northeast corner of this
property, stands ' College Hall, the last
remnant of the group of buildings that
comprised the famous old seat of learn
ing, whence emerged the present univer
sity at Berkeley. Over the doorway,
weatherbeaten, timeworn and tarnished,
is the gilded legend. "College Hall." the
sign bearing testimony to the historic
value of the dilapidated buildings.
The property Is 300x300 in the main
block. ' The selling price was about |150,
000, as reported by the brokers. Laymance
Real Estate Company, who also announce
that as much more will be spent by the
new owner in Improvements.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 8.
John Burns Scales High
Wall and Gains His
Freedom^;
A. 0. Dietz Parts With
His Twelfth-Street
Holding's.
ESCAPES FROM
COUNTY PRISON
HISTORIC SITE
IS DEEDED AWAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1903.
BERKLEY OAKLAND ALAMEDA
NEWS OF ALAMEDATHE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
Carefully Arranged Programme of Instrumental and Vocal Numbers
Wiil Be Rendered by High Class Talent, Among Those Who
Will Take Part Being Several Well Known to the Public
NEW MUSIC HALL OF NOTRE DAME
TO BE OPENED WITH A CONCERT
4
. The Call's 'Cook Book prem-
ium offer will close on October
30, 1903, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy, of this
household treasure should not
fail -to place their .order im-
mediately. -
This- splendid. premium will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate ; of
fifty cents per copy. Out C of
town orders cents , ad-
ditional to coyer prepayment of
transportation charges.
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE OCTOBER 30.The natives of the South Seas' still
cook their meals by means of hot
stones. In this country the same results
are obtained by use of a gas range from
San Francisco Gas and Electric Co. *
Schooner Ottilie Fjord Is Saved.
HONOLULU, Oct. 8.— The American
schooner Ottilie Fjord, lumber laden from
Eureka, Cal., which went ashore at the
entrance to this harbor, has been rescued
from her perilous position by tugs. Claims
for salvage will be filed and litigation will
doubtless folio
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. S.-The directors
of the subsidiary companies of the Con
solidated Lake Superior Company held a
long conference here to-day, at which the
present situation was thoroughly dis
cussed. A resolution was adopted author
izing Speyer & Co. of New York to take
possession of the various plants of the
company at the "Soo" under the mort
gage given January 1, 1903, provided
Speyer & Co. grant an extension of time
for the sale of the collateral of these com
panies which they hold, sixty days be
yond October 1. The company will give
possession as soon as Speyer & Co.'s con
sent to the extension Is obtained.
Ask for an Extension of Time.
The way to be sure that you are getting the
real article and not an Inferior imitation, is to
examine the cork. Genuine Budweiser has
branded upon Its cork, according to the style
of bottling, either the simple word "Bud
weiser" or the familiar "A" and the eagle—
the mark of quality.
If the bottl* served you has a cork ! so
branded you may rest assured that you are
being served the "King of Bottled Beers," that
comes, like the gentleman of fame, "from Mis
souri."
It is all very -well as an abstract proposition
to agree that the standard of honesty ln gen
eral is growing higher every year, and to as
sert firm faith ln our 'fellow man. but Just
the i-ame. there is self-protection and solid sat
isfaction in taking no one's word but assuring
yourself that the quality of what you are get
ting Is genuine.
In these days of imitation and substitution
it behooves every purchaser to imitate the
shrewd gentleman from the Southern State and
insist upon proof. > -¦
Be "from Missouri." Demand satisfaction.
If you order a bottle of Dudwelser see that
it IS Budweiser. .
There's a great deal of logic and sound
sense in the observation of the original "Mis
souri man" who demanded that he be
"shown."
"You'll Have to Show Me."
"I'M FROM MISSOUBI."
NEW YORK. Oct. 8.— Mrs. Marie Lay
ton Johnson, who is charged with the em
bezzlement of several thousand dollars
from the United States Playing Card
Company of Cincinnati, entered a plea of
not guilty in the Court of General Ses
sions to-day to five indictments charging
forgery and grand larceny. Bail was
fixed at J7500.
Enters a Plea of Not Guilty.
HANFORD, Oct. 8.— The Central Cali
fornia Fair, which opened here on Mon
day and will close on Saturday night, has
proven a great success. The exhibits In
clude all the products of this section of
the State and the daily attendance has
been large. There are 526 individual dis
plays of fine stock and fifty-two varieties
of fruits, vegetables and grain, all grown
in Kings County, are shown. Sixty
horses have been entered ln the various
races on the programme. The stock Is
being Judged by Professor True of the
University of Nevada.
Excellent Exhibits at Hanford At
tract a Great Crowd of
Visitors.
SUCCESS ATTENDS FAIR
OF CENTRAL CALIFORNIA
TACOMA, Wash., Oct. 8.— Tho body of
a suicide adrift ln an open boat was
found by the tug Falcon about 5 o'clock
this morning about a quarter of a mile
out in the harbor. The man was about
25 years of age and evidently a working
man. H« had shot himself with a re
volver. Nothing was found to identify
him. He hired the boat yesterday noon
to go fishing.
Suicide Adrift in a Boat.
The local Rebekah lodge to-night en
tertained the sisters of the Rebekah As
sembly and a banauet followed.
To-morrow will mark the closing of- the
forty-ninth annual session of the Grand
Encampment. In the afternoon th*e com
petitive prize drill by the cantons for a
$900 cash prize will take place. San Fran
cisco,, Vallejo, Santa Cruz and Oakland
will rontest -cr the honors on the drill
grouna. In the evening Grand Lodge de
grees .will be conferred. Thirty visiting
noble grands were admitted to the Grand
Lodge to-day. The"* Grand Encampment
will meet to-morrow morning to conclude
routine business. The most important
question Will be to select a meeting place
for next year. It Is generally conceded
that San Francisco will be selected.
To-day was one of the liveliest of the
week. At the barbecue served at 1 o'clock
over 5000 people were fed. Later ln the
afternoon the Rebekah Drill Corps gave
a drill for a $100 prize. The Lobster Club
of the Vallcio Canton followed with a
burlesque drill. The San Diego delega
tion, under the leadership of J. A. Sny
der, kept open house and entertained the
visitors.
This afternoon the band gave- a. con
cert and special drills by the cantons
were witnessed. The day was perfect
and the glitter of bright uniforms, hurry-
Ing horsemen and martial music made a
scene of animation.
A promenade concert was tendered the
visitors at Hotel El Paso de Robles this
evening.
PASO ROBLES, Oct. §.— This was the
big holiday for the Grand Encampment
of the Odd Fellows. People poured in
from every quarter and preparations were
made for 10,000 visitors. A special train
from the south added 700 to the number
and tho train from Santa Cruz brought
fully 1000.
Brigadier General Brower had his can
tons in line and, headed by Todd's mili
tary band, the procession, a mile in
length, paraded the streets. The cantons
and .Rebekahs passed in review before
General Brower and Colonel Weaver, who
occupied a decorated stand.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 8.— This was a busy day
for the delegates to the meeting of the
State Grange. The attendance is Increas
ing right along and there has not bean a
dull moment in the proceedings. The
work started to-day with a business meet
ing, followed by the election of officers,
and closed to-night with a Pomona feast.
Organizer Winans amf Assistant Organ
izer Harvey reported this morning. The
reports showed that the work of organiza
tion is progressing steadily and satisfac
torily. Miss Christenson and Mr. Swei son
rendered a vocal duet. A general discus
sion of co-operative methods closed the
business session. It was shown how tho
berry growers ,of Sebastopol and tho
raisin growers of Fresno had advanced
their Interests by co-operation, and It was
pointed out that the fruit growers could
accomplish the same results in their In
dustry by organization. Many members
joined ln the discussion.
• An open session was then held and a
paper on "Parcel Post Possibilities" by
Edward Berwick of Pacific Grove was
read. He referred to the postage of the
United States compared with that of other
countries, claiming that the United States
did not enjoy the same privileges as the
European countries, which had a cheap
parcel post. The aims of the California
Postal Progress League were stated.. Mr.
Berwick closed with an appeal to the
Grangers to give the movement for cheap
postal and parcel service for the country
their influence and support.
The afternoon session was occupied In
the election of officers for the ensuing
year. Those chosen were: . Master, H C.
Raap. Martinez; overseer, W. V. Grif
fith, Geyserville; lecturer, J. D. Cornell,
Sacramento; chaplain, Mrs. C. F. Em
ery, Oakland; steward, E. C. Shoemaker,
Visalla; assistant Steward, S. S. Glad
mey, Rosevllle; treasurer, Daniel Flint,
Sacramento; secretary, Mrs. L. S. "Wood
hams Brasch, San Francisco: ceres, Mrs.
Charles R. Williams, San Jose; pomona,
Mrs. F. E. Mitchell, Campbell; flora, Miss
Nellie Borette, Napa; lady assistant stew
ard, Miss Emily L. Burnham, Healdsburg;
organist, Mrs. Carrie Irish, San Jose;
executive committee, long term, H. F.
Blohm, Watsonville; short' term, G. E.
Whltaker, Bennett Valley. fB^!
This evening the delegates to the State
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Raap of Martinez Wins
the Honor of Mas
tership.
Gala Parade of Cantons
at Paso Robles En
- campment.
SEATTLE, Oct. 8.— A four-masted ship
heavily laden is reported to have been In
a perilous position off CapeVBeale Tues
day morning by Captain C. Dlebrich,
master of the schooner Forrester, which
arrived at Smith Cove this morning. The
Forrester came ln ballast from San Pe
dro and she, too, had a- battle with the
elements off Cape Flattery. Captain Dle
brich was unable to discern the name of
the imperiled ship, which had drifted ln
dangerously near, the coast of Vancouver
Island and had a strong southwest wind
to contend with.
Unknown Vessel Reported to Have
Been in Peril at Vancouver
Island.
FOTTR-MASTEB, DRIVES
IN CLOSE TO THE SHORE
PLAUDITS RING
FOR MARCHERS
GRANGERS NAME
THEIR OFFICERS
SAN DIEGO. Oct. 8.— Mrs. Cassie John
son Dawson, wife of J. II. Dawson, com
mitted suicide this afternoon by hanging
herself in a wardrobe at her home on
Golden Hill. She was found by her hus
band very soon after her absence was
noted. The body was still warm when
taken down, though medical aid could not
bring life Into It.
The Dawsons came here last January
and they purchased their home. A nleca
has been stopping- with them for some
time. Mrs. Dawson had been very much
of an Invalid and very despondent. This
afternoon the niece left the house to go
downtown and Mr. Dawson, telling his
wife. If she needed him, to call, stepped
Into the garden to work. When the niece
returned she asked for her aunt. Not
seeing her in her accustomed place she
and the husband searched the house.
They found no trace until the husband
stepped Into the wardrobe and saw the
swinging body. Mrs. Dawson had taken
a. chair and after fastening a rope around
her neck and to a hook overhead, had
kicked the chair from under herself and
choked to death.
Mrs. Cassie Dawson of San Diego
Hangs Herself to End
Despondency.
HUSBAND AND NIECE
FIND THE WOMAN BEAD
DENVER. Colo., Oct. 8.— The eighteenth
nnnual convention of the Brotherhood of
Bt Andrew was formally . opened this
nft*>rnoon in the Central Christian Church.
boas ca'.led to order by President W. H.
D. EnRiiph. Eugene C. Denton of Roches
ter. N. Y., ¦was elected chairman and J.
C. Astredo of San Francisco secretarj'
bommlttcd were appointed, after which
the reports of officers and committees
v. <:ro road. This was followed by a con
fTf nee.
Convention Is Formally Opened.
MISSIONS WILL NEED
INCREASE IN FUNDS
Report at Congregational Session
Causes Recommendation for Great
Energy in Churches.
WOODLAND. Oct. 8.-The California
Home Missionary Society, an auxiliary of
the State Congregational Association, oc
cupied the greater part of the session thi.-»
morning. The annual report showed a
somewhat distressing condition financial
ly In the city churches, but recommended
greater energies in their behalf as ex
ceptionally important fields.
The following fifteen members of the
general association were elected mem
bers of the Home Mission to fill Its full
quota of forty-five members: C. R.
Brown, G. T. Hawley, J. H. Hayes. J. L.
Barker. D. G. Dexter. Edward Coleraan.
I. M. Morse, Hon. Truman Reeves. S. R.
Yarrow, J. B. Clark. William Ross. C. M.
Bufford. Griffith Griffiths. C. "H. Stevens
and W. E. Eckles.
The Home Mission Society then elected
five members as a board of directors, as
follows: Dr. George C. Adams. Dr. C.
R. Brown. Rev. W. H. Cross and Mrs. J.
M. Haven for three years term and Rev.
C. Patterson for one year, vice Rev. Mr.
Stoddard, resigned.
The literary features at this morning's
session were "Study of the Book of Acts."
Dr. C. R. Brown, and "Present State Old
Testament Criticism," Professor William
F. Bade of the Congregational Theolog
ical Seminary at Berkeley.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark.. Oct. 8.— The thirty
second triennial convtntion of tha general
Grand Chapter of Royal Arch Masons of th«
united States adjourned to-night. A charter
was granted to San Juan. Porto Rico. .
PORTLAND, Or.. Oct. 8.— It was Jim
James, a relative of the celebrated Mis
souri bandits, Jess© and Frank James,
who instigated and led the attempted rob
bery' of the overland passenger train on
the O. R. and N. Railway two weeks
ago, according to the statements of Gay
Harshman, alias Jim Connors.
Harshman has not only confessed that
five men were implicated, but gave their
names and where they are likely to be
found. Jim James was* the leader and
the remainder of the gang were George
Underwood, "BUI" Morgan, Charles Mor
gan, nephew of "Bill," and Gay Harsh
man, who was wounded well nigh fatally
by leaden missiles from the sawed-off
shotgun in the hands of Express Mes
senger Fred H. Korner.
According to information given to Sher
iff Storey by Harshman yesterday at the
Good Samaritan Hospital, Jim James and
George Underwood, both desperate men,
knowing no fear, were to head for the
Mexican border with all dispatch after
the robbery, .while the Morgans were to
flee for the Sammish Flats on Bellingham
Bay, near Whatcom, Wash. Harshman,
according to the programme, was to have
gone to Eastern Oregon. Harshman said
that he believed that the four men who
are^at large carried out their portion of
the programme and therefore he il
of the opinion that they are in the vicini
ties named. Sheriff Storey is In posses
sion of the name of the city in Mexico to
which the two bandits were to go, but he
withholds it from publication for the
present.
Wounded Bandit in Oregon Tells
Names of Men in Train
Hold-Up.
JAMES BOYS' RELATIVE
THE ROBBERS' LEADER
The horse and wagon rolled over and
over down the embankment to the bot
tom. Mrs. Lambert was hurled some dis
tance away by the force of the wagon
striking the rocks in the bottom of the
ravine. She is injured Internally and
badly cut and bruised. The two chil
dren were also badly hurt. It is reported
that one of them sustained a fractured
arm and collar bone and the other re
ceived severe scalp wounds. The horse's
neck was broken.
The accident was witnessed by a team
ster on the far side of the grade a mile
away. He sent his heavy wagon and six
horses down the steep grade on a dead
run to render what aid he could. He
brought Mrs. Lambert, who was insensi
ble, to the top of the road and then se
cured the children. Unhitching one o£
his lead horses, the teamster rode the an
imal at top speed for assistance.
Mrs. Lambert and her children were re
moved to a farmhouse, a mile from the
scene of the accident, and a physician
was summoned from Boulder Creek. The
injured persons are nearly ten miles from
Boulder Creek, and as there is no tele
phonic communication with the place but
few particulars can be obtained.
Mrs. Bert F. Rodgers, a daughter of
the injured woman, left this city late last
night for the bedside of her mother.
It was eighty feet down to the bottom
of the canyon. Mrs. Lambert and the
laby occupied the front seat and the
other two children the back seat. As soon
as she felt the wagon was going over she
seized the baby and threw it into a thick
clump of underbrush and in that way it
escaped injury. She screamed to the other
children to jump, but they were all so
confused and frightened they did not
obey.
SAN JOSE. Oct. S.— A horse and wagon,
containing Mrs. David Lambert and her
three small children of this city, plunged
over an eighty-foot embankment on the
Boulder Creek road yesterday. The wom
an and the two oldest children are seri
ously hurt. The horse was killed Instant
ly and the wagon was broken to kindling
wood. A three-year-old child, the small
est of the party, was tossed into a bunch
of brush and escaped without injury.
Mrs. Lambert is the widow of David
Lambert, who died In this city two
months ago. After his death the woman
secured a position as cook and house
keeper in a lumber camp near Boulder
Creek. Her two older children, aged
seven and nine, attended school in Boul
der Creek, ten miles" from the camp. Mrs.
Lambert drove the children to school
each morning and went after them each
evening. It was on her way home from
school yesterday that the accident hap
pened. When about eight miles from
Boulder Creek, where a heavy grade
winds along the mountain side, the horse
she was driving became frightened. It
began backing and before Mrs. Lambert
could check it the horse plunged over the
steep grade, carrying the wagon and oc
cupants with it.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Three Persons in the Party Severely
Injured and the Frightened Ani
mal That Caused the Dis
aster Is Killed.
Infant Is Tossed Into the
Bushes and Escapes
iDjury.
William Burling was a native of this city
a iid ."SS years old. He had been in delicate
Inalth for the last three years and an
aCecttoo of the brain was the direct
cause of his suicide. He was the eon of
th<- late William Burling, for many years
one of the most prominent officials of the
J-.jir.k of California ajjd a pioneer resident
Ot this city. Young VBurling is survived
1>> an aged mother, a brother, G. B.
Burling, a prominent insurance man, and
a MPter, Mrs. Page.
Mrs. Burling and her daughter, Mrs.
Page, recently returned to this city from
n Ions sojourn at Coronado.and both were
1-rostratcd at the sad news. The brother
!s at present on a business trip to the
East. Young Burling was married once
before and leaves a 10-year-old daughter.
The child Is at present living with Mrs.
Pape.
i- rancisco
At the time Burling kissed his wife he
handed her three letters, one of which
was aJJressed to her, one to his mother
and one to A. M. Hardman. the mail in
whose place of business Burling commit
ted tho deed. To Hardman Burling; had
confided many things, and had told him
several weeks ago that he intended to
commit suicide. He left some tinanclal
iiXv.'.r in Hardman's hands, and the note
to him m to remind him of a promise in
that matter.
Durii.gr his residence in Glen Kllen Bur
ling- had made many friends. He was de
ppondent over his elate of health, and
this is assigned as the cause for his deed.
His intimate friends are satisfied that he
brooded over his condition until he was
not in his right mind and then sought
purcease of worry by suicide. The remains
will be sent to his mother's home in San
Burling was a resident of San Francisco
and had been spending the ?ummer In
Glen Ellen for his health. He seemed to
be improving, and on Friday last Miss
Minerva B. Lake, also from San Fran
cisco, came up and was wedded to h'm.
Together they came to this city to secure
the license and were about as happy a
couple as ever applied htre for a permit
to marry.
SANTA ROSA. Oct. 8.— After kissing his
wife affectionately and stepping from a
store in which they were standing at
Glrn Ellen into an apartment devoted to
telephone business, William B. Burling
shot himself in the left breast late last
evening and died In an hour and a half.
Burling and his wife had been wedded
cr.lv five day?, the ceremony having been
performed in this city last 'Friday after
noon by Justice of the Peace A. J. Atch
lnson. No indicaticn of the Impending
tragedy was given by Burling prior to
the de*d, which was committed within full
view of his wife and others.
Er«clal Dlcpatch to The Call.
He went from this city to Los Angeles
and thence by railroad to Hedges, where
he engaged an Indian guide to conduct
him across the sixty-eight miles of sand
dunes to Pala Verde. Desert travelers as
a rule prefer to journey across, the desert
at night because of the excessive heat of
the daytime, but Bryant was anxious to
pet to his destination and against the ad
vice of his guide he started out. Not be
ing .used to horseback riding, before half
the distance was covered he was ready. to
drop from his horse from exhaustion. The
sun beat upon the two men pitilessly and
they were without water to quench their
intense thirst. The guide tried to en
courage the school teacher to keep on,
saying that water was just a little far
ther on. They continued some distance
farther, strength being helped by hope.
But the mounds of sand and patches of
cactus, the only signs of vegetation,
seemed interminable. At last Bryant
bowed in his saddle and, completely ex
hausted, slid to the ground. The Mexican
guide was stronger, having youth to help
him, and he continued on in search for
water. The guide was faithful and in an
hour returned, bringing water which he
had secured at a spring two or three
miles away. Weak, but refreshed, Bry
ant was able to continue, but the hard-
Ehips of that trip were too much for him
and he remained at the Pala Verde school
only three week?, when he was compelled
to give it up and return to the coast.
Bryant accepted an assignment to the
Colorado district school, which is at Pala
Verde, on the Colorado River. It is in the
center of a rich cattle country, though
very much cut off from communication
except by river, the steamers on tho Col
orado River making a stop there on their
way north from Yuma.
SAN DIEGO. Oct. 8.— F. W. Bryant, a
school teacher, who makes his home at
Lakeside, in this county, returned to this
city last evening after an experience
which seldom comes to one of his profes
sion. He came near dying on the desert
in the extreme eastern or northeastern
section of the county.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Despondency Due to Ill-
Health Cause of Self-
Destruction.
Journey Over San<i Dunes Is
Almost Attended by Ter
rible Death.
Mother and Children
Topple Off Boulder
Creek Road.
Willis m Burling Ends
His Life Soon After
Marriage.
Southern California Ped
agogue Has Narrow
Escape.
HORSE DRAGS
FAMILY INTO
KISSES HIS WIFE
BEFORE SUICIDE
TEACHER FINDS
DESERT A PERIL
THE SAN "FKANC1SCO CALL,. .FRIDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1903.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 8.— Articles Incorporat
ing the R. F. Morrow Land and Livestock
Company, which promises to cut a big
figure In the development of the Mount
Hamilton range country, were filed wjth
the County Clerk to-day. The incorpora
tor is R. F. Morrow, the well-known capi
talist of San Francisco. A few days ago
Morrow transferred his immense ranch of
50,000 acres near Mount Hamilton to the
company. The capital stock Is $300,000, di
vided into 3000 shares of the par value of
1100 each. The amount of capital stock
actually paid up is $2500. R. F. Morrow,
W. G. Morrow. Howard Morrow, Andrew
S. Groth and Harry T. Creswell will con
stitute the board of directors for the first
year, taking five shares each. The.prin
cipal place of business Is San Francisco.
The objects of the corporation are to
carry on farming and dairying, fruit rais
ing, winemaking, stock raising, storing
and delivering water and to generate and
sell electricity. The Santa Ysabell and
Smith creeks flow 'through the property,
and as their power has been sought by
the Spring Valley and Bay Cities Water
companies, it is believed the Morrow Com
pany may become a competitor of the two
concerns.
San Francisco Capitalist at Head of
Concern to Improve Mount
Hamilton Range.
LAND COMPANY FOBMED
IN SANTA CLARA COUNTY
Grange were the guests of the local
grange at a Pomona feast at Turn Ve
reln Hall. An elaborate harvest feast
was spread and a fine musical and liter
ary programme was rendered.-
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i %£v ome can e completely
WW % w K H I! II ds happy without them, yet the
ordeal through which the ex-
I^I<%i@^0H^^rK P ectant mother must pass usually is
I vl/^iilitiilil la so u^ °^ s 11^ 61 "" 1^ danger and fear
I at s^ e 0O^ s forward to the critical
|,yv: hour witlr apprehension and dread.
Moti. '*S Friend, by its penetrating and soothing properties,
allay;. Hsea, nervousness, and all unpleasant feelings, and
so pre r^ \the system for the •
ordeal that she passes through B^/f^MB^/C^S^^^^
have testified and said, "it is
worth its weight in gold." $i.oo per IpfJ^|§^^JiT|/(|l
bottle of druggists. Book containing r : j ft ji W^ i 8 « 1
valuable information mailed free. H B B^^HBxfi
IHE BRAOriELD BEGUUTOB CO.. AtlooU. C*»
ADVEBTTSEMENTS.
"Fairly Sparkling In Beer Goodness"
OF BEER, DECLARE
Superior from all points of
view; Poaiegflsff absolute pur-
ity, proper a?s and Hoaesrt
riax-cr. Adapted to all ta«te«
accordlagr to Brew end Brand.
• EIFCHT THKR PEIYATE STOCK MUESCHEJER
Ask for "BLATZ" at Club or Bar.
VAL BLATZ BREWING CO., MILWAUKEE
Braunschweiger & Co., me.
5 end 7 DRUMM ST., Son Francisco?
7>l. Main \W,. Wholeta!* Dealen,
§Vim, Vigor, Vitality for Men.
MOHSION U1£HOP"S PILIJi
have b»en in ute over fifty
yttn by the leaders of th«
Monr.on Cbjrch and their
lollowere. Poiitively cur* th«
wor>t ca»ei ln old and your*
artiJng from effects of »elf-
abu<e. disclpatlon. excesses cr
cigarette •mckine. Cure Loat
Manhood, Irop<;t?:icy, Lost
Power. IClKht Loesea Inaora-
t.a. PkUia In Back. Evil Detlrea. Hits Hack,
NtrvbU* ( <ii;!iiv, Headache. Unntnesa to Mar-
ty. 1>oei of Seraen, r— Varlcocele or Con-
•¦tir«tion £tcj> Ktr *^ \M vou* Twitching of
ti*hd«. ICfftct* art; immediate. Impart
*Wm «r<! «rt«icr ce ' IIS to every function.
lJuirt get deepondent, • cure la at band. Re-
¦«mc amatl. undeveloped orcan«. Stimulate
th» brain and nerve center*; 6Oc a box: o for
•2 '*> by su.l. A written guarantee to cure er
ri.'.n«-y rtfun-Jed with 6 hoxet. Circular* fr»e.
A^rfff m?HOP REMEDY CO.. 40 EUla at,
fun Krancikro. Cal. GHANT DRUG CO.. 3a
and 40 Third at.
(J visit DR. JORDAN'S great 2
¦^sbsep of Mtmm\
\ i. Th * L * r c»^t AnuoaicaJ Mu^euin in the \
«^»%^k "or.d Wt»k uei v« or *i,y rontractcrt Q
O hf^iii -;¦-•¦— i'-i <"••-»•« ecu-. ttLjtrun. O
0 fJHwS C? " J 3KDAH-DJSEASES OF MEN 6
0 P JVVL U i!T itmeBl P"«>n*l!j- «r bjr Irtler. A A
• U J n O. '"*""* CW ' '¦ ™* T r c«« uadrn«ken. Y
Ova lit? m." 1 !'™ for B * k - PBiLO<iapnv.f A
V* ft jl^ B»BBIACIi, MAILtl) I-KEE. (AT
/ ti (i- «l"»i> : * booic for m»-c) \
r on. JOItDAK A CO.. 10S1 Market St.. 8. F. Y
fr i\ T tJs fi y * H if ITiTViT^sYt ? 11 1 (Q
THE EMPOBIUM. | THE EMPOJtIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM.
— lj — : - " .' — — ; : * ***** — * : , , » * v,wm«wj>w
tf A nomnffe# M «>tf; A n **€ ¦ Special Sale Goods ordered by mail Until Closing Time To-Morrow 5
| A Of £ idephone will not be sent <? o D Choice of Our Entire Stock :|
i The Nemo Corsets *%£"» S?" m Body Brussels |
| By an ..expert COrset fitter from jn>/C> //!ry€AsJh**J'ggr M>r Bigelow, Lowells, Whittalls, Imperials, etc. j
£ New York will begin in our cor- i^S^MMi^C/wZyS^S^ffi At but littu more ' than cost °f ta P estries - \
¦«f set department next Monday, / ,, || ,,,^ l i ~~^^ \ Sswed, lined and laid— per yard \
I October 12th. -b^s^^ b **T^ca7obande S t 3 tor6 $1.37 *
I . 1 — 1 — $
| Wonderful Shoe Values Handsome Turbans $3 O^1 \
£ Friday and Saturday A nt § other Values __ ___ *
*>' fcfilSfilpSli^ ntil closin S ti me to-mcrro\v night we The vcry sty.ish ;urban shown in picture, a j^^^^^^^^S^n^S^ 5
i offcr an °PP ortunit y for hundreds of style becoming to aimoit any one, made of S^^/^^^S^-^^ V=. %
$ mT^zMIl womcn to securc most excellent shoes a superior quality of stitched felt, with full '**jrafeiS^^^>^S?^B *
X. W^fflMlffl far bcIow regular value. **& and fi L at crown » a Iar S : h^d-ome coquc '5
*«' - . . feather at th: s dr; in blur, £> *& <B| £2 '^^^^^fSS^S^T^ > «
*° /g!&S>MSMk Thrrcare .wo style in ihii grrat lot-good black cr gr.y, for .. . . . %&*& M mjl& % *
t£ 6&+?3frvEffl/&Zl*i£i quali:y patent leather and vici kd — both with _. , , , , , . .,, , ., . . , , **f «w*5S^- , '/)).•¦¦ ' ' "' .IX
£ WMWSm Go^dvear weltei S ol«. with either Military or Toques -Made of velvet and chen.l.e bra^d, trimmed with fancy )f?^3g%$Uj S
I i#»^B Ha'i Cuban heels and there b » fuU line of ike. pompon^ aigrettes and w,n SS ,n a van-ty of pretty new «hap« ' W& / \
t? mffl/mtiffl$&»sJ in both styles, an! are itiictly up-to-date in every *. ' '. ' ' * * ." ' .' \ ' ' O3.35tOS25.0U t ->^5gf? 7 «
MMS&^SW part:cu:ar. We picture the pateTt leather. ChiIdrC " S Hat$-Tr:mmed with large bow, and steel buckles; J *£%£, ;„
j,* jBMMjfSJsSr ttHm suitable for schco! nits md nne enough for dress puroo«es . . v^ — %
j£ \3§?' These shoes were maie by a reliable minufjc- £3 OS ""^^r^^y^'K '%
J! A^S&^JiM turer from cur own ipecincat-on. All deta Is, Chfdren'f Untr m'med' Sha^y Felts- fn a Iar'ge" asior'men: W^L \ £
]J ft^I-^S^ the leather, th= iwching, the shapes, the lining, in of becom : n. ? shapes and the'popular colon; a decidtd bargain %
\ J , fact every point has been care!ully examined and a , t jj e j,; g , t2re ' s n r ; ce Q5c Jf
tkf * thoroughly inspected. They hav: come to us _ u ._,,.,.,, -,. *- V
5 direct from (he maker, fr«h, clcn and well worth the jfr/tt. *% Dress, Hats- For Jadies, des.gntd by our own expert mOlinern J
£ regu'ar value of S3.00 the pair. To-day and to-morrow we S£j£ B 35 | 5 . 9 S, 5io.oo, $12.00 up to $25.00 't
K shail s:Jl them at T^ French Models— Fram th: mos: famous makers . $25.00 to S45.OO 5
I $1.25 Bowns 85c \Clothlnu Sneclals\ Bargains From the f
j: To-day and Saturday— Ladies' gowns mm <§Baat z*nrf f*tM*lr \
\ made of extra fine quality nain- *^a> ' Men &UI¥ aBlU UiOaK : J
\i sook; chemise styles and sailor \ s jj and Departments— \
I collar effect, finished with colored trs> Onc hundrcd ver x P««y white Angora sets— *
fi bands, in dainty patterns, all made f T%V tO^ . collar and muff— handsomely lined, worth $1.50, £
$ full length and Width, all -»-, k 'Ml n~ ...» U««^ wiU bc 9Ccurcd hy thc fi " st hundred comers at— 'J
i sizes; worth $1.25 each, for &5c M ||| ffh SSL^Ss " Ch " 98 ° %
% ; W III \\W I Ukh ?*\ J^r Dress Skim J22S-An assorted lot of Colored $
& ° m 7BZ**E%B*#Bc*a*%nM**~*m*J8&Se* \w§MM \ 'W/k}} piC- Dress Skim (a few black included); seme zxz *
g s®G%j?na[erwear*zbG ¦]wmm kMm tured)- T^onrS-aw^ $
f Ladies' Vests and PantS Wmwf PuiW 3izeS for 8 sackings, Venetians, clorhs and cheviots — the '«
»T T ,. , . . ' . , \\ fi V i // * I !/ p\ tr\ 1 \'P?>r<; colored ones m gray, brown and tan; some of them are V
K LadieS WOOl mixed, jersey ribbed \ //K/ fj 1 *& lUIJ / t : dl:)) si ghtly injured from 'wirdow display. Their regular selling J€
I vests and pants-Vests high neck, MM T^r%- 1
I long sleeves; pants ankle length, 1 W mm otj pieces, j«
$ French band, substantially trimmed l*J§r fil coat, vest DreM SkirlJ « 3 .95_ Anoth er assorted lot, better grade and 5
| around neck and front, a pretty I J2 Jk ??A P?? te: 1^ *
i snver gray color; the best 75c gar- la *? rnaae ot iUs and fg7S . aU at/one price _ v i%et '$
$ mentin the market; for the strong to^ay and Saturday :j
JC two days WC woolen fabrics, in new Fall pat- Alterations extra. *
»r terns, reliable trimmings, and _ — « ;*
| Security Combs 12c ™* 0 S «" 23c Handk'c'fs We j
»: aiM j« ii i M Half a thou- only. :. $2. 95 A Sample Une *
* sand shell Boys' Long Pants Suit— sizes for 12 to i 9 years, beautiful sample line of embroid- %
* WWPtfBI "Security" in singe' or double Rented .tylcs, made of. ere(j scal l oped and hemstitched 5
If backCOmbS, \ nCW •* hsh ' fabriCS ' ln fanc - V m:XtUrCS ° r faDC)r and lace edge Handkerchiefs have arrived 3
I the kind with the patented fastener, chcvlots; vcry 8pcclal value at S5.OO from * P rominent N * w York importer; every 5
I as shown in the picture, that does n " .; h^: n 'nWrc"nat-l-Si7es iV, to T °f pcr , fcct ' pre " 7 " d 7 o [ th doub 7 5
i 2 Wav With the loose lor W worth y KVSSian OVCrCOat— blZeS 2/2 IO the «!e price; « large percentage of them worth .J
u away wimtne loose locKs, worm 7 years, made of medium weight 25c each; Friday and Saturday only **%-> \
\ 20C a e c ac ; h: i hls lot ' Fr!da y f^^ melton or cheviot, in blue, red, your choice .t [ 1UC \
g and Saturday M^C bmwn and roya , ; cut long and . j,
I Groceries-Liaunrs ¦ fuii, very N sweii. handsomely de- Unde rwear 73c 5
h %xruGGn&&-BmitfUUr& signed coats, as shown Rtr * *m Z
I Special Friday and Saturday in illustration, for &&.®(Ul Uarments for Mon : J
I Firkin Creamery Butter-s^y*^* SUI **„'** n*,g*mnS*t£ P^^I^S&JSS^^SSS I
Be,-tdoffee-j;va-o;Moc'haV g ;oundo;be;n ; 'lb-.-.iSS i¥MG " JZ -Ji full fashioned, perfectly made well trimmed garments never *
I Nabisco Waferi-Assorted Ramona, Athena or Champagne <gQ SZffj >3ld regularly under Si.oo each; here Fnday and y^ .J
J Cak«;tin 24O V^'OW Saturday for . . /OU 2
J Oysters-Full weight; for the two days, a ting . . . 25c Worth $12.50 — The long loOSe Style Men's Stiff Bosom Shirts for Fall and Winter— In our new
k* by the dozen $1.33 twifh VPrtinl nnrkpt<; <;lf>eveS lined »Wrt patterns yoa will find a wide range of handsome light >i
*: Japan Rice— G--od quality; 5 ibs 27o witn vertical pocKeis, bieeveb inieu and dark effcctJt 5n to fuit alroost any lMK We be . *
J" Port or Sherry — Extra 5-j ear-old wine; for the two days, WJth Satin, the body lined With liere it to be the largest and b«t selected assortment and the •?
ga«on. . . sac hpnvv <;fitppn thp rnnt nf mpdinm best 8hirt ril ™ in lhc tlt Y * $1-00 and $1.50 *
ftT Sauterne or Relsling— Both good dinner winei: gallon ©ffc neaVy Sdieen, me COdl UI ineUlUIU , ¦¦ f . \
J American Cub Whi,ky-Good straight Bo'urbon; f alon Weight all-WOOl Oxford gray CheV" "^l^^Z I
J? ch^pasnUA^d'Har^th^'^Hps^/oW:^."^ jotj and equal in fit, style and fab- M^^.^i^^ 25c j|
X production; for the two days, pints 4-Qc; quarts . . 75c T\C tO $12.50 garments — OUT Special New L'nes of Bath Robes—Both imported and domestic nov- H
J Hand Made Whiikiej— Old Crow, National Cub or SUver nrirP fnr FHHav $nc\ eltie$, Turkish and Terry Ooths, in eith:r light or dark «J
*• Dell, sour mash; to-day and Saturday, gallon . . $3*25 P Ilt ' C 1U1 TllUdy dllU S&f% Sf% grounds with scroll and floral patternj, at prices ranging frcm *2
jf bottle 75o ..Saturday only 53.50 to $15.00 *
y . — *Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies, 60c a pound, in artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st., above Call bldg. •
Special information supplied dally t<
business houses and public men by th
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Call
fornla street. Telephone Main 1042. •
ONE of the most delightful successes in the
way of artistic endeavor ever achieved in San
Francisco is the exhibit of newspaper artists
at the Maple Room of the Palace Hotel. It is an ex
hibit notable for the number Of pictures shown, for
variety of subjects and of treatment, and for the
standard of excellence maintained throughout.
To most visitors to the rooms the first feeling is
one of surprise, for the exhibition far surpasses ex
pectation. It is doubtful if the artists themselves
were sanguine enough to look forward from the start
to such a success as has been attained. To the gen
eral art-loving public of the city the surprise will be
strong enough to force exclamations of delight many
times from the admiring visitor. It is, in short, an
exhibit worthy of a city much larger than this, and
of artists who enjoy a Continental reputation.
It is significant of the earnestness with which many
of our newspaper artists undertake their work that a
considerable proportion of the pictures on exhibition
reveal a genuine ambition to attain something more
than a temporary success. Several of the works pre
sented are deserving of a place in any exhibit of art.
Even those artists who were not so ambitious have
in most cases displayed an originality of conception
or of treatment that gives their work a distinctive
charm and value of its own.
Should the exhibit receive anything like the liberal
patronage it deserves, the effect is certain to be
highly beneficial both to the artists and to the com
munity. ; The success attained this year will stimulate
the workers with a renewed ambition to achieve
genuine masterpieces *of illustration. Such a stimu
lus will go far to relieve the grind of routine news
paper art work and result in further triumphs in the
way of pictorial journalism. The exhibit iV to be
open every afternoon and evening during the week,
and will well repay a visit from any one who has a
true appreciation of. artistic accomplishment.
George Kleineberg, son of Dr. and Mrs.
C. Kleineberg of HIS Turk street, has suc
cessfully passed the civil service exami
nation for cadet in the United States
revenue cutter service. The examination
was open tt> all young men of the United
States between the ages of 20 and 26
years, the six highest being chosen to fill
vacancies. Young Kleineberg left for
Baltimore yesterday and will Join the
training ship Salmon P. Chase, which Is
soon to sail around the world. Kleineberg
waa a student at Berkeley and among
other honors won the Mayor Phelan medal
at St. Ignatius College. He leaves the
State for his new duties with the good
wishes of many friends.
Successful Young Californian.
OUR NEWSPAPER ARTISTS.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, Oct. 8.— The following
Californians are in New York:
From San Francisco— E. Holliday, at the
Earlington: P. L. Kaye, at. the Hotel
Cadillac: G. M. Kyle, at the Grand
Union: W. B. Macdonough. at the Mur
ray Hill; Miss Pillsbury, Mrs. F. W. Van
Sylvan, at the Manhattan; Miss Cunnlng-
New Chief of Bureau of Equipment
WASHINGTON. Oct. 8.— Captain George
G. Converse, recently in command of the
battleship Illinois has been selected t<>
succeed Rear Admiral Royal B. Bradford
as chief of the Bureau of Equipment on
October 15. Rear Admiral Bradford haa
resigned his bureau commission and will
be assigned to command the Illinois.
ham at the Normandie; C. F. Kohl, at
the Holland; W. Nichols Jr. and wife, at
the Astor; W. G. Barrett, at the Herald
Square- W. Huf smith, at the Metropoli
tan; J. Otis and wife, at the Hotel Man
hattan; F. C. Zimmerman and wife, at
the Albemarle.
From Santa Barbara— H. S. Gane, at
the Hoffman.
From Ix>s Angeles— A. Guest, at the
Broadway Central.
From San Jose— I. H. Mills and wife, at
the Marlborough.
WASHINGTON. Oct. S.— Po3tofflce re
established: Oregon— Pokegama. Kla
math County. Samuel Goodnow Postmas
ter. Postofflce to be discontinued Octo
ber 31: Oregon— Spikenard. Jackson boun
ty. Mail goes to Beagle.
Navy orders— Professor Matthew T. J.
J. See Is detached from the Naval Acad
emy and will take charge of the observa
tory at the Mare Island yards.
Of Interest to People of the Coast.
¦p^ L'SSIA has changed her position again and
r\ has apparently once more broken her word to
X \ the other powers which in concert sat out the
Liuxcr rebellion. That civil disturbance in China
served as a pretext for introducing into Manchuria
a Russian army, as it did for the invasion of North
China by the military forces of the United States,
Japan. Great Britain, France, Italy and Germany.
When the reason for the presence of these foreign
troop* ceased the nations which in concert had intro
<iuccd them agreed to dates for their withdrawal.
Every country concerned has kept faith except Rus
sia. Her miiitary forces in Manchuria, instead of
being withdrawn, have been augmented. Called to
iccount by the other nations, she has repeatedly fixed
date* for keeping her word, and has repeatedly vio
lated her promise. Now she brazenly declares that
it is a matter that concerns only herself and China,
and that until China yields to her demands she will
not withdraw at all!
But it is not an issue between Russia and China.
It concerns all of the concerted nations which have
honorably kept faith. The open purpose of Russia
is to coerce China into granting to her a monopoly
of the commerce of North China and Manchuria,
Formerly China was held impenetrable by the world's
commerce. It was a closed country. The Western
nations proceeded to open China to the world, and in
the process showed but little respect for the sov
ereign rights of that empire. But in the opinion of
the outside world the rights of commerce -Aere para
mount, and so one commercial concession followed
another until, in effect, the whole empire was opened
to Western trade. Can it be possible that after this
has been done, and so much has been sacrificed in its
accomplishment, the world will permit Russia to
coerce China into assent that she shall again close
half of the empire against all trade but her own?
It is a matter that does not concern China alone,
nor Russia, nor Japan, nor Korea. If the interests
of mankind required the opening of all China to all
the world, those interests are disregarded by closing
half of China against all countries but Russia. Be
hind all this is the insult to the concerted powers
which kept faith offered by Russia's violation of her
word.
It does not seem right that the rest of the world
should be indifferent while Japan alone stands for
good faith. Already it appears that Russia takes
sdvantage of the Mikado's isolation by offering to
join him in the partition of Korea. It will be the
odium of Western diplomacy if Russia be permitted
to <irivc such a bargain. She can do it only by
Japanese isolation. The United States Government
ttiay not have a proper reason for interfering, be
yond the moral effect of a protest. But England re
cently boasted among the diplomatic triumphs of the
Ministry of Lord Salisbury the treaty offensive and
defensive with Japan. It was a convention of sub
stantial alliance against what Russia now proposes.
If its bond be treated with indifference by Great
Britain, it is certain that henceforth there will be but
one power in China and that Russia will be the dic
tator of the destiny of Eastern Asia.
CHINA UNDER DURESS.
WASHINGTON. Di C. Oct. S.— The fol
lowing Californians registered at the
hotels to-day: At the New Wlllard—
Allan Patton, Miss Jean Patton, Louis
Sloss, J. A. Landsburger, Mrs. Frank
Sullivan, Miss A. P. Sullivan. Miss M. L.
Phelan, Mrs. E. Martin and James D.
Phelan of San Francisco; Philip Florve,
E. M. Laughlln and George S. Roberts
and wife of Los Angeles. At the Raleigh
—Edward L. Baldwin, E. L. Parker and
Miss M. Kearney of San Francisco.
Californians in Washington.
Former United States Land Commis
sioner Blnger Hermann and wife arrived
yesterday from Roseburg, Ore., and are
registered at the Palace.
A. M. Murphy, a capitalist of Green
Bay, "Wis.. who is largely interested In
California timber lands, has just returned
from a trip to Eureka and is registered at
the Palace.
E. O- McCormick. passenger traffic man.
ager of the Southern Pacific Company,
and his assistant, George Gardiner, leave
to-night for Chicago, where they will at
tend a meeting of the Transcontinental
Association next week.
Ralph S. Hosmer and William C. Hodge
of Washington, who are connected with
tho United States Forestry Department,
are at the Occidantal.
John E. "Wright, managing editor of the
Chicago Evening Post, who is making a
tour of the coast, is registered at the
Palace.
Dr. D. H. Morgan of the navy is at the
Palace.
Dr. W. S. Taylor of Llvermore Is at the
Palace.
F. A. Hartman, a merchant of Los
Ar.geles. Is at the California.
Dr. Josephine Callahan of Chicago ar
rived at the Palace yesterday.
United States District Attorney U. S.
Webb has departed for Washington.
Ex-Governor Henry T. Gage and fam
ily arrived from Los Angeles yesterday
and are at the Palace.
HONOLULU. Oct. 8.— Advices rec^ive'i
here state that Mauna Loa's outbreak 1*
very heavy. The flowing lava makes a
grand spectacle. Excursions are be!r.g ar
ranged from Honolulu. A wireless mes
sage from Hilo to the Advertiser say*
the volcano is very active. The lava flow
is going tov.-ard the Kahuku cattle ranch.
A messenger reports that two streams nf
lava, very wide, may be seen from thf*
Volcano House at Kilauea and all parta
of Kona. The glow Is visible In Hllo.
It is believed that the lava will break
out farther down the mountain. No plan
tations or settlements are endangered by
the lava flow and It Is believed the erup
tion will be without material damage.
Volcano Is Reported to Be Very Act
ive but No Damage Is Expected
to Occur.
TWO STREAMS OF LAVA
POXTR FBOM MAUNA IX>A
PERSONAL MENTION.
This is variety sufficient to attract general atten
tion. Here is treasure, useful metals in the trades
and arts, builders' materials from the granite founda
tions, through the brick intervening walls up to the
slate roofs. Here is the fuel of the future that solves
the manufacturing problem in California; articles for
the table and the toilet; mineral waters for toning up
the system; gems to adorn the apparel of the people.
The statistics are voluminous and there is not space
here in which to analyze them. It may be said, how
ever, that for the first time since the mineral statis
tics of California have been annually compiled three
counties show each a value of mineral output ex
ceeding $3,000,000. . These counties, in order, are
Shasta, Kern and San Bernardino.
Two counties, Calaveras and Nevada, produced
mineral values exceeding $2,000,000 each. Five coun
ties — namely, Tuolumne, Los Angeles, Amador, Sis
kiyou and Placer — made records above the $1,000,000
mark. The total value of metallic substances, includ
ing gold, silver, mineral paint, quicksilver, copper,
lead, manganese, platinum and chrome, is reported
to be $22,052,796. Of this gold amounted to $16,910,
320. The non-metallic substances are valued at
$3,706,368.
The comparatively new cement industry showed an
output valued at nearly $500,000, an augury of greater
things. The red metal, copper, occupied the third
place in the table of totals. The leading copper
county is Shasta. The total copper output of the
State for the twelve months under examination was
27,860,162 pounds, of the total value of $3,239,975.
Gold holds the first place when the totals of value of
the respective minerals is made up. Petroleum, little
known a few years ago except in very few localities,
holds, the second place, having, for the time at least,
distanced copper.
Altogether there are tabulated by the State Min
eralogist forty-three principal mineral substances.
The list includes asphalt, bituminous rock, borax
and boracic acid, cement, chrome, chrysoprase, clays
for pottery and brick, coal, copper, fullers earth,
glass sand, gold, granite, gypsum, infusorial earth,
lead, lithia mica, lime, limestone, macadam, manga
nese, magnesite, marble, mica, mineral paint, mineral
water, natural gas, paving blocks, petroleum, plati
num, pyrites, quicksilver, rubble, salt, sandstone, ser
pentine, silver, soda, slate, soapstone, tourmaline,
turquoise.
The arid lands of San Diego County yielded tour
malines worth $150,000, and the gem industry of Cali
fornia assumed a respectable position when commer
cially considered. Several counties gave to the world
the very large quantity of 1,701,142 gallons of min
eral waters, possessed of medicinal properties largely
"for the healing of the nations."
17,202 tons.
a CCORDING to annual custom, the State
l\ Mineralogist of California has made a statis
*¦ *¦ tical showing relative to the mineral output
of this State during the year 1902. 'From the mass of
figures a picture may be drawn replete with interest.
The mines, quarries, clays, oil wells, mineral
springs and desert sands are credited with producing
a value of $35,069,105 in 1902. In, all the vast area
of the State, so says the Mineralogist, only three
counties failed to produce mineral last year. From
the ledges, beds of streams, placers, glittering gravels
and ancient river courses of thirty-five counties gold
was mined.
The desert sands of Kern County, the bed of the
Pacific Ocean in Santa Barbara County and the soils
of other counties were made to yield more than
14,000,000 barrels of petroleum. From the wastes of
Death Valley and kindred forbidding territory borax
and boracic acid were derived to the amount of
OUR MINERAL WEALTH.
£l)c -*^&*3 Call.
FRI DAY OCTOBER 9, *9O3
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor^
Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT. Manager.
Ask fcr THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
Ycu With the Department You Wish.
fTBLlCATIOX OFFICE. . .Market and Third, S. F.
KDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevennon St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
T»nn« t>r Mall. Including Poeta*e fCash With Order):
EATLT CALL (Including ennflar). on« year **"„„
BXJA1LT CALL (Including £und*r>. 6 tnontbt 4-°°
DAILT CALL— By Eln*le Month 7 * c
rtNDAT CALL. On. Tear 2J5«
• .VTEEKLT CALL, One Tear 1 '°°
f Dally. . . ».S.8O Per Tear Extr*
rOREXGN fCFTAGE i Sunday.. 4.15 P«r T*»r Extra
I Weekly.. J.OO Per Tear Extra
All po»fiti««ter« are authorised to recelre
¦nbMcrtptlons.
Ftr-r> ccrt'» "111 be forwarded when rea««»t*4
iitll rebeertbere !n ordering change of aAirtts should bo
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
ro ln*ur» a prompt and correct complU-noe with their reque»U
OAKLAND OFFICE.
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEV OFFICE.
2148 Center Street Telephone? JTorth 77
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Manager Forelsm Adver
tUlnsr, Marqnette Bnlldlnir, Chleasto.
«L©ng Dl«tanoe Telephone "Central 2613.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPOKDENT:
MORTOJT E. CttAXE 1400 G Street. W. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STAND8:
Waldcrf-A«torii Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square;
Hvmr Hill Hote!; Flfth-av«cue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS ETANDE:
Eherman Heuft; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Tretnont House; Auditorium Hotel: Palmer House.
NEW TORK REPRESHKTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TOKK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CABLTOS Herald Square
BRASCH OFFICES— C27 Montgomery, corner cf Clay, open
eetJl 9:80 o'clock. 800 Hiye*. op*o until 9:80 o'clock. 6S3
MeAIllrter. cpen until 9:30 o'clock. C15 Lark In, open until
P-.SO o'clock. 1&41 Miselea, open until 10 o'clock. 2M1
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 8 o'clock. 1006 Va
irsela, c»en until » o'clock. I0« Eleventh, open until 9
c'dock. NE. corner Church and Duncan «ix»et». open
tntll 9 o'clock. NW. corner Twenty -eecond and Kentucky,
cr*n Bat*' » o'clock. JgQO Fl'.lraore. open uetll 9 o'clock.
It will be noted that two counties lead
in five substances— Alameda and San
Bernardino; one leads in three— Shasta;
seven lead In two — Inyo. Kern, Los An
geles, San Diego, Santa Cruz, Sonoma and
Tulare, and f6urteen lead In one Fub
etance—Calaveras, Colusa. El Dorado,
Monterey, Nevada, Placer, Riverside. San
Benlto, San Joaquin. San Mateo. Santa
Barbara, Slsklyou, Trinity and Ventura.
All but twelve counties in the State
produced gold in 1902. The State Mineral
ogist's report picks out the banner coun
ties for 1902 as follows:
Alameda County leads in coal <$20.1.5o0>.
macadam ($182,205). manganese <$714O). pyrites
($53,301) and salt t$l«0,G00). Calaveras leads
in mineral paint ($778); Colusa in sandstone
($37 450)- El Dorado in elate ($30,000); Inyo In
lead ($9013) and soda ($50,000); Kern leads In
Fuller's earth ($1»,426) and petroleum ($1.»55.-
PW): Los Angeles In asphalt ($171,904) and
brick clay ($.W5.«70): Monterey In glass sand
'$12,225); "Nerada County leads In f?old
$2 142 740V Placer In pranlte ($105,377): Riv
erside in pottery clay ($3S.l»20); San Benito in
quicksilver ($;{0«,0«l); San Bernardino lead* In
borax ($2 043.000). cement ($272,600), limestone
($51 57S) marble <$15.«H>) and turquoise
($11,600); San Diego leads In Hthia mica
(131.880) and tourmaline ($150,000): San
Joaquin In natural gas ($67.S6.S) ; San Mateo In
rubble ($300,000); Santa Barbara in infusorial
earth ($2172)- Santa Cruz in bituminous rock
($4.1084) and lime ($161,302); Shasta County
leads In copr^r ($2,496,731). chrome ($4725)
and rilver <$«1«.412); Slsklyou In mineral
waters ($lS7,50O); Sonoma in graphite ($ieso)
wd SavlnB blocks ($82,227); Trinity in plati
num (S4CS): Tulare In chrysoprase ($500) ami
mairnesite ($19,250), and Ventura in mica
($2500).
THESE ARE LEADERS.
Shasta, $3,730,040: Kern. ?3.4S1.02b: San
Bernardino, $3,308,002; Calaveras. $2J?<1,<'15,
KeTada. $2,155,8:{9; Tuolumnc, ?1.8.>0.:J2»; Los
Angeles. $1,(507.932: Amador, $l.t!79,113; Eiskl
you. $1.U>4.745; Placer. J1.O18.4S7; Butte,
5926.201; Oranee. $s24,742; Trinity. S.31,201:
Kresno 5670.C&S; Alameda. $666.S3S: Mariposa,
$«47,208; San Diogro, (562.730: Sacramento,
S555.13S; Mono, $549,298: Ventura. $483.l»>t«:
Santa Clara, $411,112; Kara. $410,968; San
Francisco. $395,100; El Dorado, $3Sl,d«H;
Plumas. $381,203; Riverside. $334,ti22; Sierra,
$332.4»i6; San Mateo, $330,745; San Benlto.
$328,231; Santa Barbara, $315,550: Lakt.
(288.231: Marln, $206,600; Santa Cruz. $203,
296; San Luis Oblspo. $200,391: Sonoma.
$19*,8C3: Colusa. $104,500; Inyo. *1S4.414; So
lano, $170,140; Yuba. $155,632; Madera. $121.
151; Humboldt, $7'J.5o0; San Joaquin, $70,508;
Tularc $«2.398; Contra Costa, $55,141; Mon
terey, (39,253; Las.«en, $23,654; Stanislaus,
$19,026; Kings. $l!».000: Alpine, $14,129; Men
doclno. $0898; Del Norte, $545O; Tehama.
$35<>O; Merced, $165»J; Yolo, $450.
For the first time since the detailed sta
tistics have been prepared three counties
show a product each of more than $3,
000,000. Shasta County, although still in
the lead, shows a decrease from the pre
ceding year of $3,007,522. This is account
ed for In the report by the lower prices
for copper and the prevalence of miners'
strikes at the leading producing mines
which caused them to shut down during
a part of the year.
Shasta owes Its precedence to copper.
Kern to Its petroleum and San Bernardino
to its borax. While gold is still the lead-
Ing mineral product. Its yield no longer
puts the greatest gold producing county
in the first place. Nevada County still
leads in yold and silver, closely followed
by Calaveras County, but when total min
eral products are considered Calaveras
takes rank above Nevada County, so says
the report. The difference is due to cop
per mined in Calaveras County. As usual
Shasta County makes the greatest show
ing in silver, owing to so much silver
bearing auartz being used as flux In the
copper smelting operations.
The output of counties ran as follows
for the year 1902:
OUTPUT BY COUNTIES.
The long awaited statistics of the min
ing product of California for the year 1903
were issued yesterday by State Mineral
ogist Aubury from the State Mining Bu
reau. It appears therefrom that the value
of all minerals taken from the soil In
thla State last year was $35,069,105. This
Hhows an increase, but not a very large
one, above the total output of the year
preceding, the advance being but $713,124.
The low price of copper and petroleum
and labor troubles kept the. total of val
ues down. The leading products were
valued as follows:
Gold, $1*5.1)10,320; petroleum, J4.602.1S9';
copper. $3.23d,!r7S; borax and boraclc acid.
IZ.Z&i.iiW, clay* for brick and pottery. $1.
3&<),378; Quickullver. $1,276,524. No other
product reached the $1,000,000 mark, but
there whh a Kr*-at variety of products.
Silver amounted to $616,4L! in commercial
value. Tourmalines were mined to the
value of HVKW). Mineral waters were
worth $C12.477.
The total value of structural materials
was $4,109,023. an increase of $1,161,748
above the record of the year preceding.
Petroleum was produced to the amount
of 14,356,910 barrels, which brought only
$4,692,189. The preceding year there were
produced 7.710,315 barrels. Tne increase in
value has not kept pace with the increase
in amount, owing to the prevalence of low
prices, especially in the valley counties.
The rank of the leading products was
as follows: Gold. petroU.um. copper, bo
rax, clays and their products, Quicksil
ver, silver. In the preceding year the
copper values were more than those of pe
troleum. Quicksilver was fourth and bo
rax sixth In 1901.
CHICO. Oct. 8.— Governor Pardee to-day
made his first official visit to the Chlco
State Normal School. At the special meet-
Ing of the trustees a partial report of Dr.
Van Llew. president of the school, was
read. The Governor questioned Dr. Van
Liew regarding the physical exercises re
quired of students, the supervision of the
home life of those who provide for them
selves, their mode of dress and the care
eserci3ed by members of the faculty In
seeing that none are allowed to sacrifice
health to the "midnight oil."
Tho Governor made a short address to
the studrnt body In the assembly-room.
On being Introduced he was greeted by
the normnl yell, given with the full vigor
of ntronK-volcert youth. He spoke on
school patriotism, stating that although
th« liberal endowments by the State for
the education of Us youth were made at
great cost, they were given with open
handed generosity, not one cent being be
khkIkciJ. I Io pointed out that It was the
duty of tho ntuilent to remember the im
portance "f the priceless gift and to re
pay It by hmrty nn<l efficient service to
tho StHt'\ Mi- <*mi>hnnlzed the import
ance of krrplug healthy bodies, and de
clared that »h«-r«* whs little virtue in the
much tnlkoi of "midnight oil." He ad
vised a healthy Interest in the football,
basket ball ami otlwr athletic sports, rec
ommending nn Abundance of intelligent
exercise to the glrla even more than to
the boys.
In conclusion he lamented the fact that
so few young men attend the normal
school?, although there is less complaint
to be registered against Chlco in this re
spect than against her sister schools. He
said he could find no good reason why in
the present day so few men should es
pouse the honorable and honored profes
sion of teaching.
After the morning exercises the Gov
ernor spent the remainder of the fore
ncon in visiting the recitation rooms, the
laboratories and the library and inspect
Ing the plans of the proposed extension
to be erected next year. He expressed
himself as well pleased with the man
agement of the school.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Dickinson also paid a tribute to oppos
ing counsel and Lord Chief Justice Alver
stone's fairness.
Lord Alverstone said he had heard
many leaders of the American bar In
arbitration and in other cases, but Dick
inson's argument equaled anything he
had ever heard, and he had not suffered
by the fairness and impartialit}- with
which he presented his arguments.
John \V. Foster, the agent of the L'nl
ted States, thanked the British Govern
ment in the name of the United States
Government for Its courtesy. Lord Chief
Justice AJverstone paid a tribute to
Counsel Dlckenson and the session broke
up.
The closing moments were marked by
an intensity of interest, hitherto lacking
in the proceedings. As Dickinson finished
his arguments and commenced his refer
ences to International relations and tho
possible effect of the verdict thereon, the
members of the tribunal and the other
listeners appeared to grasp the true im
portance of the proceedings, which had
almost been lost sight of in the puzzling
technical details In which they had been
surrounded. Said Dickinson:
The tribunal is unique and the treaty wtil
entirely miscarry unless at least on* member
shall decide against the contention of his own
people. The faith thus manifested by the Gov
ernments of Great Britain aM America that
Judgment and Justice will h? exalted above the'
plane where the sympathies that have sway
challenges the attention of mankind and <1:-
tlnKUlshes this tribunal >«<ve all others. It
does not follow that a failure to reach a rte
cistcn ¦will show that auch faith was In any
degree misplaced, but if a settlement Is reached
it will be a triumphant epoch in history, th»
struggle of humanitarian principles for th«
substitution of something better than war as
the sole court determining international differ
ences. What could giv« higher Inspiration to
those laboring for the peace of the world than
the settlement of these issues, so pregnant c.
possibilities ? If the tribunal should render
Judgment practically unanimous It would h
the strongest assurance yet given to humanity
that the Christian nations are tending to th*
only practical realization of the poefs dream
of a parliament of nations and a confederation
of the world.
LONDON. Oct. S. — The arguments In
the Alaska boundary arbitration wer*
finished this afternoon. Counsel Dicktn
son concluded with an eloquent perora
tion, dealing with the N»nd3 of amltj
between the United States and Great
Britain.
Now the charter, ever since its adoption, has been
administered by its friends. Mayor Phelan secured
his election by insisting that the new fundamental
law should go into operation with its friends in
power. Well, so it was. Republicans apparently be
lieved this, for Mr. Lane admits that San Francisco
is a Republican city. Mr. Phelan took power. He
was supported by the Examiner, but had hardly be
gun to administer the government when the Ex
aminer turned upon him, blacklisted him, and con
tinually held up his administration as inefficient in
some parts and fearfully corrupt in others. So per
sistent were these attacks that the Democratic nomi
nee for Mayor to succeed Phelan ran third in the
race, and the Examiner gave more than covert sup
port to his opponent, Mr. Schmitz, who was an ally
of Democracy and also a friend of the charter. Now
comes Mr. Lane accusing the administration of
Mayor Schmitz of such weakness and corruption that
his gorge rises at the spectacle, and the Examiner
supports Mr. Lane as the solitary' friend of the char
ter, and the only man who can keep its abundant
curses and disabilities off the heads of the people.
In Phclan's time he was put forward as the only
man who could save the city. When Mr. Schmitz
hung up his fiddle and his bow and dove, pompadour
first, into politics, he was selected as the only man
who could save the city. Still the ojd thing isn't
saved, and Mr. Lane says that "now is the time when
the city of San Francisco must be saved" by his elec
tion. Surely a great deal of saving seems necessary
under the new charter which this last self-elected sa
vior says offers facilities "for building up the greatest
and most corrupt political machine that has ever been
offered to the people of this or any other city." In
this connection he offers himself as chief engineer of
the charter — the only man that can keep it from run
| ning away with the rights and the property of the
I people.
Very naturally Mr. Lane's oratory rose into the
pink and orange welkin of rhapsody, and while in the
exaltation of approval of himself he said, "I want a
San Francisco that goes back to that old day when
Christ drove the money changers out of the temple!"
Really, men and brethren, this is getting serious.
It far outgoes the old form o: the same statement,
which stopped at the Augean stables and merely en
abled a- candidate to compare himself with Hercules,
pushing fertilizer with a squeegee out of the stable
of the king of Elis. No Hercules for Lane. No
Greek mj'thology for him. The only standard of
comparison he can find for himself is the Savior of
the world. But Mr. Lane pitches his own tune, and
knows whom his own conception of himself most
resembles. But he leaves nothing for Schmitz and
Crocker. They find that he has entered the garden
of metaphor and picked all the fruit and has grazed
bare of its fodder the pasture of comparison.
According to his idea of the charter it is a sort of
infernal machine, with a time mechanism to fire the
fuse, and will explode and destroy the city unless it
is passed to him to be kept in a bucket of water until
the whizz of its wheels is stopped. He seems to
think that it spit sparks when Phelan had it in cus
tody, and that under Schmitz it has torn up some
parts of the town. But if it is given into his care he
can hold it down. His opinion of Schmitz was given
in parable. He said that in St. Louis there was a
workingman named Butler, a good blacksmith, who
got control of the city and sold Supervisors in
blocks, for spot cash, and is now in the penitentiary.
Therefore beware of blacksmiths and workingmen in
politics, and of course look out for Schmitz, who,
alas! and alackaday! only two years ago was also the
savior of the city and the only man capable of keep
ing the charter from chewing up the town.
Seriously, is it not about time to have an end of
he-hysterics, or oratorical snorting, of political fee
faw-fumming, of bogy-man tactics, of superheated
ambition, of calling attention to one's own straight
front corset, and admit that the people have some
sense and a good deal of honesty, and that among
them there is more than one honorable man?
MR. LAN.E has opened his campaign again.
The process was enthusiastically received,
and it is gratifying to him that he cut his
political watermelon for a company so well 'pleased.
He accounted for himself by declaring that the
people have come to him, with extended hand, say
ing: "We need you now; come back and lead us
in our home." As he tioes not say where he went,
to make it necessary for the people to indulge in
manual extension and ask him to "come back," that
part of it is left in the dark. But on one branch of
his campaign he is not vague. He frankly declares
that he alone can save San Francisco "from a reign
of corruption that is imminent." Here he submits
specifications. He declares that without him the new
charter will "become the greatest curse that has ever
fallen upon this city." In describing the kind of
curse it will be he let it be known that a man can't
drive a nail, nor put up steps, nor change a parti
tion nor a grease trap in his house, without a permit
from some officer created by the charter. He drew
a picture of citizens walking in fear of the Police
Commission, and of a Board of Health plotting to in
troduce disease into every home of the city, all per
mitted by the charter.
Reading his speech one is moved to mutiny and
rage against the charter, which apparently governs
too much. It is evident that Mr. Lane regards the
charter as a great mistake. The Board of Freehold
ers, instead of laboring to create it. should have
adopted Mr. Lane as the fundamental law of the
city, and the people should have voted to have him
as their charter. •
LANE ON THE CHARTER.
CALIFORNIA'S
MINERAL OUTPUT
IS INCREASING
GOV. PARDEE'S
VIEWS ON TOO
MUCH STUDYING
BOUNDARY CASE
ARGUMENTS ARE
ALL CONCLUDED
scure the judgment of decent people who see in him
the most dangerous type of criminal. His excuse for
his crimes is equally good in justification of the gang
«ff outlaws who have demanded a large sum from the
Northern Pacific Railway, in Montana, with the
threat that unless the cash is forthcoming they will
destroy its trains with dynamite! They have already
dynamited two trains, and if caught will make the
same plea, that their dastardly and cowardly crimes,
by which hundreds of innocent passengers may be
murdered, were errors of the head and not of the
heart, and their judgment was led captive by their
sympathy for the victims cjf corporate oppression!
With such things going on in a neighboring State
California can hardly afford to encourage the train
robbing industry by releasing from hi3 insufficient
punishment the boss train robber and murderer of
the. West. %
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 9. 1903.
A tornado brought death and devastation to a
large area in Kansas the other day, wiping out entire
villages and destroying vast acreages of crops. When
Dame Nature is in a criminal mood she seldom oper
ates on a small scale.
An apostle of the Mormon church, rising to the
extravagance of declamatory speech the other day,
announced in no uncertain terms that all isms are the
work of the devil and are necessarily to be deplored.
Under' this sweeping arraignment what becomes of
Mormonism*
it seems that the way of true love in Sacramento
i* too needlessly strewn with irate mammas, swishing
horsewhips and pugilistic interferes to make
progress either encouraging, enjoyable or desirable.
The young fellow who was lashed, pummeled and
otherwise made to feel the physical inequalities of life
the other day probably thinks that love's young
dream is a nightmare.
x—^ HRIS EVANS, the train robber and murderer
I of many men, whose life was spared by a re-
V-^ creant jury, petitions for release from life
imprisonment in Folsom penitentiary. He complains
of having been restrained of his liberty for eleven
years, and that during his murderous career he lost
one eye and one hand, and has been separated from
his dearly beloved family for a long time.
The men he murdered were separated from their
families, and the victims of his robberies were separ
ated from their property. He seems to think that the
law has wronged him and should make restitution by
giving him liberty. He begs to assure the public
that his crimes were "errors of the head, not of the
heart," and that he "permitted sympathy for the vic
tims of corporation greed" to overcome his jtfdg
ment! That fine quality of sympathy led him to steal
in transit the money being sent by children. to their
parents, by parents to their children, the earnings of
honest husbands sent to honest wives.
It is true that for the cowardly robbery of these
he was made a popular hero by. the Examiner, and
even Loring Pickering indorsed him as "sound on
[the corporation question," but all this does not ob-
Earthly fame is of so variable a quantity that an
T^aUand man has demonstrated that even the punch
ing of a right kind of a nose will bring it. This par
ticular demonstrator has won a time-honored distinc
tion from the simple fact that when he was a child he
landed on the nasal appendage of the King of Eng
land, who was then interesting as the Prince of
Wales. We should never underestimate the value
of contact with royalty. (
ERRORS OP THE HEAD.
Charges Company With Negligence.
Stanley Sterne, through his guardian.
William G. Cousins, sued the Mariposa
Commercial and Mining Company yester
day for $25,000 damages for injuries re
ceived by him at the mines of the com
pany last March, He was hurt by the
breaking of a -wrench and he claims that
the company was negligent in furnishing
him a defective tool.
6
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE OCTOBER 30.
The Call's Cook Book prem-
ium offer will close on October
30, 1903, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household treasure should not
fail to. place their order, im-
mediately.
This splendid premium will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of
fifty cents per copy. Out of
town orders twenty cents ad-
ditional to cover prepayment of
transportation charges.
a FEW days ago a famous and stunning beauty abruptly termina-
/\ ted her own wedding ceremony by refusing to Teneat the word
< /* =^ "Obey" after the officiating "clergyman. In consequence she
is still unmarried and her action has set the East by the earsu In
the discussion pro and con (and it is truly remarkable what stand
the women have taken) Father John Talbot Smith of the Catholic
church was appealed to. He haa given his dictum in no uncertain words.
"To tell the truth." he said. "I do not think it is a practical ques-
tion at all. this one of eliminating the word obey. It is in the nature of
things that the man should command and woman should obey, no mat-
ter how many statutory provisions you make, simply because a man likes
to command and a woman likes to obey. «
"What is the use of statutes against a natural proclivity or condition?
You can see the wisdom of the church in omitting this word from its
ritual.
"A woman who refuses to obey might please her fancy by the mere
declination to follow a custom, yet she might be the quickest to obey
her husband.
"That is where nature is stronger than ideas. Ideas may become
fads, existing ; r a short while, but nature goes right on.
"I notice that men aTe glad to get the women they want to marry
and the women are equally glad to marry, obey or not, regardless of all
fads and fancies."
There are so many who differ with the reverend father that what
they have to say forms one of the most interesting pages in the next
Sunday Call.
It is almost that very same quality of circumstance that forms the
theme of Robert Barr's great romantic story. "The King Investigates."
and by perhaps a strange coincidence the problem is solved in a novel
way in the fourth and last installment of E. W. Townsend's latest and
best novel, "Lees and Leaven." which will appear next Sunday. 11 The
famous creator of "Chimmie Fadden" has made a big sensation since ap-
pearing as a writer in the Sunday Call.
Then there is a page of "Half-Hour Storiettes." which treats the
problem from quite a different point of view. There you have four of
the cleverest and most touching romances ever written. "The Voice and
the Violin" especially and "The Grammar of Love" as well, which is a
story that you will never forget.
Then there is one of JFrank H. Spearman's wonderful two-page
railroad stories, "De MolaiTFour," which, if you read it (and of course
you will), will constantly recur to your mind with a strange thrill every
time you see the moon. Why? Because Frank H. Spearman wrote it.
and the moon wouldn't be in it if it were not dramatic.
And now harken to a few other special features, which can only be
mentioned in brief because there are so many good things in the next
Sunday Call.
First, the "Me-ows of a Kitty" (are you watching those cats?);
the fourth talk to parents on the "Punishment -f Children." which will
explain to you some of the reasons why you were whipped when you
did not deserve it. when you were young, and why you were not thrashed
when you did deserve it; "The Effect of Imperialism on National Charac-
ter," by Dr. Richard Garnett. C B.; "The Etiquette of the Automobile."
by Madge Moore; "Recollections and Reflections." by Thomas Fitch,
which will tell you things about the Bonanza Kings of the West that you
didn't know before, and. oh. ever so many things besides.
Just watch for the pictures.
Love, Honor and ? Obey.Next excursion to points of Interest around
the bay < 8-hour trip. 75c) per steamer "Sau
sallto"' (Xorth Shore R. n.). will be given
Sunday. October 18. Next 8unday the com
pany announces It* low rate trip* to fiausa
llto Mill Valley. Roe* V«ll«-y and San Rafael
<see the new electric system); al>o to amp
Taylor. Point Reyee. Camp Meeker. Cau
dero and the Russian River Redwood* (Monte
Bin M»-« <?»..,*• OlinciM UUU). •
Bay Excursion.
Axt Association and Camera Club
Give Third Annual Salon and
Promenade.
The opening reception and promenade
concert of the San Francisco Art Asso
ciation and California Camera Club were
held at the Mark Hopkins Institute of
Art, on California street, last evening.
Several hundred of the art enthusiasts
of the city were present, and good music,
under the direction of Henry Heyman,
was furnished throughout the evening.
This is the third of the photographic
salons which have been held annually
at the Hopkins Institute, and each suc
ceeding exhibition marks the wonderful
strides made In the art.
The Art Association and Camera Club
will continue their receptions until Octo
ber 24, after which the pictures now on
exhibition are to be sold.
OPENING OP EXHIBITION
AT HOPKINS INSTITUTE
On next Thursday evening the members
of the Wilmerding Debating Club and the
Lyceum Literary and Social Society will
held a debate in Golden Gate Hall under
the auspices of the San Francisco De
bating League. George P. Havs will pre
side. The question to be discussed Is:
"Resolved, that Immigration is detri
mental in tho United States." The Wil
rnerding Debating Club will take the af
firmative and will be represented by
William Freldenrich, Fred T. Berg and
Milton Clark. The negative will be taken
by the Lyceum Literary and Social So
ciety, which will be represented by Miss
M. A. Albrecht, MIes L. E. Dinklage and
Miss E. Braunstein. The Judges of the
debate will be Judge Ralph C. Harrison,
Frank H. Dunne and Justice of the Peace
Percy V. Long. Dancing will follow.
Young People to Debate.
Four Chinese Escape.
Four Chinese fishermen escaped last
Sunday afternoon from the custody of
two Chinese inspectors while being escort
ed from the Mail dock to the Appraisers'
building. The escapes were , with thirty
six other Chinese, fishermen who had been
taken from the Alaska fishing vessel for
examinatiorj as to their right to remain
in this country. United States Immigrant
Commissioner North said yesterday that
the forty Chinese were not, under arrest at
the time, but simply being detained until
they should produce their certificates of
residence or other evidence of their right
to remain in the United States.
¦ ? ¦
Uncle Sam's annual income Is ?55S,SS7,11S.
Carlos Marenes, or.ce a political power
:n the republic of Nicaragua and for years
a prominent member of the Spanish aris
tocracy of the city of Granada, is a guest
at the Occidental Hotel, broken down in
health and comparatively a poor man, the
rf-sult of political persecution, attributed
to the personal enmity of President Ze-
Uya of that country.
Marene-s and his young daughter were
jiaesengers on the steamship San Jose,
¦which arrived from the eouth yesterday.
Practically fugitives from the persecu
tion which they are said to have long suf
fered at. tlie hands of rresident Zelaya,
they have come to this country for rest,
wirh the hope that the:r health will lm
j.rove in th* free air of California.
Marenc-» and his daughter do not speak
Knglish, and seemingly they are enjoying
some comfort in that fact, for it has
s<*rved them in avoiding Interviews and
giving publicity here to the wrongs which
are said to have hc^n done them in their
-own country. According to the story that
aooompanled Maren»-s when he and his
daughter boarded the fian Jose in the
south, the military forrr-s of the Presi
dent of Nicaragua recently visited his
home at Granada and enforced from him
a loan of $60,000. "Enforced loans" arc
common practices among the rulers of the
o-ntral American republics. They simply
•moan that a President sends his agents
'o the homes of wealthy men and com
pela ;hem to give large sums of money
which arc never repaid. An attempt to
compel payment would m«an imprison
ment if not assassination, which has been
frequently the case In those email and ill
governed countries.
Othrr rich residents of Granada were
a!?o called upon to pay over money to the
frrFident and several, that failed were
persecuted by Zelaya. The President, ac
cording to the etory brought by the San
Jose, had long entertained a hatred for
Mar^fs, and Just before the latter de
cided to leave for this country It is
charged Zclaya had him flogged. The or
deal came near ending his life, and he is
a man of advanced yearn. His friends ad
•vised him that It would not be safe for
him to remain in Granada, and. fully rec
ognizing that he was Jeopardizing his own
hfe and that of his daughter, the old man
quietly turned over his business Interests
to hie brother-in-law and partner and
liurried aboard the first steamship fhat
touched at the coast, which happened to
bo the San Jose.
Granada has for a long time been the
headquarters of the Conservative party
of Nicaragua. -Zelaya has trained with
the Liberals, and with their assistance It
is said, he has never failed to take advan
, tage of an opportunity to annoy the rich
presidents of Granada, who have been dis
posed to oppose him !n his political ambi
tions.
The first application of X-rays to in- I
dustry is in tannins leather. " I
The court has also reaffirmed its former
decision in the Sobrante case on a re
hearing. Edson F. Adams and his heirs
brought suit against Emily B. Hopkins,
Bernardo Fernandez and Sarah A. Wilson
to effect a partition of the property. A de
cision was rendered adversely to him and
also to Fernandez and Sarah Wilson, who
were the defendante. Appeals were taken
to the Supreme Court and the Judgment
of the lower court was affirmed. A re
heating was granted, but the result was
not changed. The Sobrante tract con
sists of more than 13,000 acres of valuable
land In Contra Costa County.
Fannie C. Harrington and her two chil
dren aro entitled to a trifle more than
J11.000 damages from the Los Angeles
Railroad Company, according to a Su
preme Court decision rendered yesterday.
The husband and father of the plaintiffs
was killed by one of the defendant's cars
on July 4, 1900.
Harrington was participating In a bi
cycle race and while traveling at a rate
of twenty miles an hour collided with the
car and was instantly killed. He was vio
lating the city ordinance against fast rid
ing and the traction company held that
he was guilty of contributory negligence.
The evidence showed that the motorman
might have stopped his car in, time to
avoid the accident had he so chosen and
a verdict was rendered against his em
ployers. The Supreme Court sustains the
lower tribunal.
Leaves Native Land to
Avoid Brutality of
President.
Affirmation of Judg
ment Against Los
Angeles Road.
MARENES FLEES
FROM NICARAGUA
SUPREME COURT
UPHOLDS VERDICT
Servian-Montenegrin Society.
At a meeting of the Servian-Montene
grin Literary and Benevolent Society on
Wednesday evening President John E.
Kukaviza gave a comprehensive history
of the organization from its foundation.
The society is In a most healthy con
dition financially nnd numerically, appli
cants for membership being received at
every meeting.
After the regular session a smoker was
held and testimonial diplomas were
awarded to Messrs. S. T. Gerunovich, E.
Gudelj, John Sherovich and the society's
physician, C. H. Carlson.
Misses Maud Goodwin, Mignon Judson
and Gertrude Wheeler opened the pro
gramme with a trio, "Coronoch," by
Schubert, and at once it was delightfully
plain to the audience that the rest of the
evening was going to be enjoyed. There
was a delicacy about tho rendition of the
exquisite trio that revealed the master
qualities of tho teacher apart from the
natural gifts and good Judgment of the
singers.
There were numerous gems set in the
programme, but none exceded In brillian
cy Verdi's sparkling and harmonious
quartet from "Rigoletto," the quartet
which, possibly more than all others of
Italian opera, is the most appealing to
the lovers of undisguised melody. The
famous quartet was rendered by Misses
Goodwin and Wheeler, Carl Yoho and
Edward Xavier Rolker. Miss Goodwin
possesses and commands a soprano voice
of fine and pure quality and great was
her success in her songs, "Reina de Saba"
and "L«'Ete." The plaintive, almost mel
ancholy strains of Grieg in his song
"Princess" were poetically interpreted by
Miss Judson, and Joseph Rosborough
gave a goodly rendering of Cloughleigh
ter's descriptive "Sword Song." Carl
Yono sang the ever acceptable "Toreador
Song," from "Carmen," with spirit, and
Miss Gertrude Wheeler won abundant ap
plause for her charming solos, "IVEs
clave" and "Pur Dices^i."
Misses Goodwin and Judson gave a su
perb rendering of a duet from Delibes'
"Lakme." There were several more
numbers on the programme and all re
ceived the same artistic treatment as
given those individually mentioned.
Miss Fanny Dana Janes contributed
largely to the sterling success scored by
the singers, for her accompaniments were
brilliantly played.
Grapevines, oak and ferns encircled tho
platform at Stelnway Hall last night
when the pupils of Edward Xavier Rolk
er stepped forward and. rewarded a large
and fashionable audience with songs and
duet and quartet that were as choice as
the Improvised sylvan frame in which
stood the singers.
Fashionable Audience Hears Several
Effective Singers in Choice Pro
gramme at Stein-way Hall.
ROLKEB'S SONG RECITAL
WINS MUCH APPRECIATION
The trial of the suit of Andrew Biemel
against Miss Blanche, Reynolds, a cor
netist in 'a local theater, for the security
of $81 65 was begun yesterday before
Justice of the Peace Lawson. Biemel,
who is a sailor, testified that he had
loaned Miss Reynolds, at her particular
request, the sum of $52 50, which she has
never paid back. He also wanted pay
for a silver fox, which he had secured
while making a northern voyage, and
3»,£ yards of navy cloth, all of which he
had procured for Miss Reynolds at her
request. When Biemel returned from one
of his trips ho wanted to marry Mis*
Reynolds and was astonished when he
ascertained that his fair charmer was
preparing to marry some other man.
Miss Reynolds' defense was that the
money and other articles had 1 been pre
sented to her by Biemel of his own free
will and without solicitation on her part.
She intimated that it was a case of a
man "wanting his presents back," and
Judge Lawson took that phase of the
case under advisement.
Rebels When Fair Object of His Af
fections Prepares to Marry
Another Man.
SAILOR SUES TO GET
HIS PRESENTS BACK
That policemen ehould b» bakers or
confectioners and guardians of the peace
at the same time seems strange, yet some
are, if a communication sent to the Po
lice Commissioners be true. It is alleged
that some minions of the law are bun
makers or manufacturers of sweets, and
in addition to drawing salary for such
occupation are also receiving compensa
tion from the city for patrolling beats.
Chief of Police Wittman will make an in
vestigation and endeavor to discover who
the policemen are. The Police Commis
sioners are also Interested in the matter
and have directed that the fullest inquiry
be made.
The matter was brought to the atten
tion of the department in a communica
tion from the Bakers' and Confectioners'
Union No. 24. It was alleged that certain
policemen were infringing on their busi
ness and preventing- members from earn
ing an honest livelihood. The letter di
rected to the Police Commissioners reads:
I have been instructed to inquire from your
honorable board If police officers who are
paid by the city are allowed to work In bak
eries, thereby taking: the places of some of
our members who are only depending on the
baker trade, for an honest living and who ara
without any salaried position from the city.
Kindly answer this as soon as possible, as
Bakers' Union No. 24 would like to know if
your honorable board approves of such methods.
i The communication is signed by Fred
Ruby and an answer is directed to be
sent to 1159 Mission street. Chief Witt
man expressed surprise that such a con
dition of affairs should exist and said he
would give the matter his personal at
tention. He stated that members of the
department were not permitted to engage
In any other occupation and Commission
er Hutton said that if the allegation, of
Ruby was true the offenders were violat
ing a" charter provision. .
Consul Marsily parried questions dex
trously and would not admit that an ar
rest had been made or that he knew*of
an arrest or that a man bearing the
name Arondez was wanted by his Gov
ernment. The Intention of the Consul and
Secret Service Agent Hazen to keep the
arrest and the circumstances leading up
to it a profound secret was well planned,
but failed of its purpose, and the fact re
mains that Arondez will be detained until
the arrival in this city of definite In
structions as to whether he shall be
brought before the Federal Court on ex
tradition proceedings.
Arondez. while amazed at fhe sudden
ness of the detention by Hazen, neither
attempted resistance nor evaded the ques
tions put to him by Consul Marsily. He
was taken to the cabin he had occupied on
the voyage and was Informed that he
would be detained pending further com
munication with Baron Gevers.
The cause of the detention of Arondea
is the allegation that he embezzled $150,
000, the money of the" Netherlands Gov
ernment, while acting in the capacity of
an officer of that'Government at Batavia,
Java.'
Arondez showed no signs of excitement
and accompanied Hazen to private apart
ments in the city, where the Consul and
the secret service agent passed the hours
of the night with him. Arondez was en
route to New York, where It Is belleveO
he has Intimate friends..
When seen yesterday Consul Marsily
would not admit that there had been an
arrest on the order of the Secret Service
Department at Washington at the request
of Baron Gevers. Hazen was equally
reticent, saying that no information could
be given out until sanctioned by tTie
Washington authorities. He evaded in
very subtle manner the questions put to
him relative to the delinquency which
prompted the Netherlands Government to
appeal to the United States Government
to detain Arondez. Nevertheless the ar
rest was made and the man Is In custody,
though not on a warrant obtained In this
city. »
It was not many moments, however, be
fore Hazen, armed with authority from
Chief Wilkie of the Secret Service De
partment at Washington, arrested J. F.
Arond<=z, one of the passengers, who had
boarded the vessel at Yokohama, at the
Instigation of Baron Gevers, Queen Wil
helmina's Minister to the United States.
When the steamship Nippon Maru ar
rived in port on Wednesday there were
anxiously awaiting the vessel at ths dock
Kecrct Service Agent llazen and the
Netherlands Consul, George J. O. Maraily.
There was an attempt to maintain the ut
most secrecy and neither the secret ser
vice asrent nor the Consul would admit
that there was business of the highest
Importance to the Government of the
Netherlands to be transacted.
On the morning of the 19th, the High
Court session at Stockton will be opened
by High Chief Ranger Cooper. The com
mltteemen that will have charge of
caring for the visitors are: Otto Grunsky,
J. C. Crider, W. H. Hosmer, W. Robbing
and O. B. Parkinson. The programme
outlined for that city includes a parade
on the 20th, reception at Masonic Music
Hall, address by O. B. Parkinson, chair
man of the committee on entertainment,
address of welcome by Mayor C. E, Will
lams, response by the high chief ranger,
address by the supreme chief ranger and
address by Past High Chief Ranger Me-
Elflesh. The addresses will be interspersed
with vocal and instrumental music. On
the night of the 21st there will be a large
class Initiation, the work to be per
formed by the San Francisco team, from
the board of deputies. Several side trips
are being planned for the entertainment
of the visitors.
A STOCKTON SESSION.
This event is being directed by the fol
lowing committee of arrangements: Will
iam Stewart, chairman; J. W. Hamilton,
J. W. Davidson, Thomas Strahan, Fred
McCann, Joseph Coleman, A. Brander,
John Stewart, Dr. McNutt, George Dow,
Lee A. Lewis, T. H. Morrison, Joseph A.
Duart, Charles Schech, Robert McQueen,
James Stewart, Dr. Herrington.
The programme will be followed by a
ball, for which Robert Gillander has been
selected as floor manager and the follow
ing will assist him: George Silman, Ed
N. Cameron, John P. Murphy, E. E.
Northrup. T. H. Morrison, F. W. Collins,
Charles Schech and Robert McQueen..
During the time that the Initiation is
in progress, the invited guests not mem
bers of the"*order will assemble In the
parlors of the hall and will be entertained
with vocal music.
There will be candidates from the court
In Oakland, the one in Vallejo and the
one In San Jose, who will be initiated at
the same time that the candidates for
the local courts are.
This will be followed by a reception to
Dr. Oronhyatekha, which is to be part of
the anniversary entertainment to bo giv
en by Court Southern Heights. The pro
gramme for that event, which will be
open to invited guests only, includes the
following features:
Overture, orchestra: "Hall to tho Chief,"
Knickerbocker Male Quartet; welcome to su
preme chief ranger, by O. S. Cooper, high
chief ranger: address, Hon. Dr. Oronhyatekha,
S. C. R.; bass solo, "The Charmed Cup"
(Roeckel), L. A. Larsen; reading, "Mrs.
O'Flaherty at the Spiritual Seance" (original).
Miss Jean Durtll; quarttt, "Annie Laurie"
(Buck), Knickerbocker Quartet; soprano solo,
"The Silent World Is Sleeping" (Dudley Buck),
Mrs. Grace Davis Northrup; selections, Billy
Hynes; whirlwind dance, Ruth Wilson and
Irina Roper; quartet, "Mamy's Ll'l Boy"
(Riley), Knickerbocker Quartet.
RECEPTION- TO THE LEADER.
The seats of honor on the stage will be
occupied by the supreme chief ranger,
High Chief Ranger O. S. Cooper, Past
High Chief Ranger G. A. McElfresh and
other members of the High Court, while
tho Royal Foresters will form a semi
circle behind the distinguished visitors.
At the close of the ceremony of initiation
the supreme chief will proclaim the newly
initiated as members of the order.
The degree in the amplified form will
be conferred by a select team from the
board and each member thereof will be
attired in full evening dress. It is com
posed of the following:
Chief ranger, G. Q. Stewart, D. S. C. R. ;
past chief ranger, E. N. Cameron. G. D. H.
C. R. ; vice chief ranger, J. P. Murphy, H. M.;
court deputy. R. C. Stiller, D. D. H. C. R. :
orator, O. K. Brown. G. D. H. C. It; recording
«>ocretary, E. S. Lemme. T). D. II. C R. ; finan
cial secretary, J. H. Mahan, t>. D. H. C. R.;
treasurer, J. B. Knudson, D. t>. 11. C. R. :
senior woodward. George Dow, C. R. ; Junior
woodward. F. W. Collins, D. D. H. C. R.;
senior beadle. .1. J. Delaney,- D. D. II. C. R.;
Junior beadle, E. E. Northrup, D. D. II. C. R.;
standard bearers, A. R. Ozler. J. P. Strlegel.
C. R. ; organist, A. H. Swan; choir, B. F. True,
V. D. H. C. R. ; F. Coulthurst, A. C. Lawrence,
A. N, Daniels, Dr. H. D. Noble.
DEPUTIES IN CHARGE.
The board of deputies that has had this
matter in hand is composed of the fol
lowing: G. Q. Stewart, D. S. C. R.,
chairman; A. E. Conn, vice chairman; O.
K. Brown, secretary, and J. B. Knudson,
treasurer. The other members of the
board are:
Court Golden Gate, J. J. Delaney, D. D. If.
C. It.; Court Endeavor, n. C. Stiller. D. D. 11
C. R.; Court San Francisco, J. II. Mahan, D. d]
H. C. R.; Court Yerba Buena. E. C. Stock, O
D. H. C. R.; A. E. Cohn, D. D. H. C R.;
Court Diana, O. Q. Stewart, D. B. C. R.; J. B
Knudson, D. D. H. C. R.; Court Sutro Heights]
Alex Cleland. D. D. H. C. R.; Court Golden
Era. B. F. True, D. D. H. C. R.; Charles S.
Peery, G. D. II. C. R.; Court Mission E. E.
Northrup, D. D. H. C. R. ; C. W. Mark. G. D.
H. C. R.: Court Noe Valley, N. I* Donovan,
D. D. H. C, R.; Court Seal Rock, E. N. Cam
eron, G. D. H. C. R.; G. Li. Munson, D. D.
H. C. R.; Court Precita, F. W. Collins, D. D.
II. C. R.; Court Alcyone, F. W., Gelger, D. D.
H. C. R.; Court Acacia. O. K. 'Brown, Q. t>.
H. C. R.. E. S. Lemme. D. D. H. C. R. ; Court
Point Lobos, W. P. Johnson, D. D. H. C. R.;
Court Apollo, C. Nielsen, U. D. H. C R.
The supreme chief ranger arrived in
this city on Wednesday night, a little
sooner than' he was expected, .but after
his long railroad ride from Toronto, Can
ada, he will visit Monterey for a rest.
On the evening of the 17th the large
class initiation for which the local courts
have been working for several months
under the direction of the San Francisco
board of deputies will be held In Golden
Gate Hall. The main body of the hall
will be reserved for the candidates, tho
visiting supreme high officers, an en
campment of the Royal Foresters from
Los Angeles, who will act as escort to
the supreme and high officers ; the degree
team, the chief ranger and financial sec
retary of each court and the ushers,
while tho general membership and the
members of the companion courts, com
posed of ladies, will occupy the gallery
until after the'initiation.
The Independent Order of Foresters will
have a gala week during the latter half
of th» current month. There is to be a
class Initiation of about 300 candidates,
which wlll.be witnessed by Dr. Oronhya
teha, supreme chief ranger of the order,
which numbers more than 250,000 mem
bers. Then there ie to be a reception to
the supreme officer and anniversary cel
ebration in this city, after which there
will be the session of the High Court of
California in the city of Stockton and a
class initiation there: also an entertain
ment in honor of the head of tho order
and of the high officers and members of
the High Court.
Alleged tp Have Embezzled
Thousands of Dollars
at Batavia.
Minions of the Law Said to
Be Engaged in Bread-
Making.
Large Class Initiation to Be
Followed by Reception
and a Social.
Bakers Send a Complaint
That Is Now Being
Investigated.
Dutch Official Taken by
Federal Officer Prom
Nippon Maru.
Those % of Independent
Order to Welcome
Oronhyatekha.
MYSTERY HOVERS
AROUND ARREST
SAY POLICEMEN
PLAY DUAL ROLE
FORESTERS WILL
MEET THE CHIEF
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1903.
7
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
A CLOSE OCTOBER 30.
The Call's Cook Book prem-
ium offer will close on October
30, 1003, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household treasure should not
fail to place their order im-
mediately.
This splendid premium will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of
fifty cents per copy. Out of
town orders twenty cents ad-
ditional to cover prepayment of
transportation charges.
AMUSEMENTS.
AT /I 1 f7 A X\B«la»co & Mayer.
ALCAZAR £«sss;
General Manager.
TO-N1OHT-FAREWELL WEEK OF
Tho Distinguished Actress,
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In David Belasco's Dramatic Triumph.
ZAZA
Evr-. 25c to 75c; Mats. Thurs. A Sat., 15c to COc
NEXT MONDAY — Opening of the
NEW ALCAZAR STOCK COMPANY
With ADELE • BLOCK. JAMES DIJRKIN.
FRANCES STARR and JOHN B. MAHER.
First Time Here of Pinero's Comedy Drama,
LADY BOUNTIFUL
8EATS NOW SELLING.
RADIANT
Clayton White and Marie Stuart
Company; Pantzer Trio; Golden
Gate Quartet and Fanny Winfred
and new Motion Pictures. Last
times of Arthur Cunningham;
Myles McCarthy, assisted by Aida
Woolcott; the great Alexius; Carle-
ton and Terre and Paulo and Dika.
Reserved Seats 25c[Balcony .....10c
Box Seats and Opera Chairs '.50c
tftftl III1DHA amuses':
(UULUmliaA IEADI.10 THEATK
NIGHTLY, INCLUDING SUNDAT.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
THIS WEEK AND NEXT WEEK.
Seats Ready for All Remaining Performances.
John C. Fisher and Thomas W. Ryley Present
THE WORLD'S MUSICAL HIT,
FLORODORA
With the Number One New York Company.
GREAT BEAUTY SEXTETTE.
Next Week— Last Times of "FLORODORA."
October 19— ROBERT EDESON In "SOLDIERS
OF FORTUNE."
C" Ala I FQRN I A
I I LAST TWO NIGHTS. IiT"^
' I MATINEE TO-MORROW. !5 »
The Wm. H. West Big Minstre! Jubilee
¦w /-^ Funny Comedians.
Ul I Etar Vocalists.
rj 11 Clever Specialists.
Powerful Male Choru*.
Sunday— ED GARVIE as
MR. JOLLY OF JOLIET.
SiFBTu Broadhursfs Latest Musical IJ3r*-
la a »\ Farce. } ffla
llHEATSU
Crowded Houses — Enthusiastic Audiences —
That is what counts.
THE PARADERS
Read the Criticisms:
Chronicle — "The management spread itself
on tho production."
Call — "Broke the record for successes."
Examiner — "Brought out the company."
Bulletin — "As good as the best, better than
the rent."
Post — "Good from first to last."
Our "All-Star" Cast— Kolb and Dill. Bar-
ney Bernard. Wlnfielrt Blake. Maude Amber,
Harry Hernisen. Eleanor Jenkins, etc., etc.
BASEBALL!
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
RECREATION PARK.
EIGHTH AND HARRISON
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY. 3 P. M.; SAT-
URDAYS 3 P. M.
SUNDAY 1 2:30 P. M.
SAN FRANCISCO vs. LOS AN6ELES
LADIES' DAYS THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
Advance Sale." 5 Stockton 8t.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
SE/\T SA1~B.
THE GREAT PIANISTE.
NOW AT SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.'S,
Where .complete programmes may be obtained.
Concerts at Lyric Hall Tuesday and Thurs-
day Nights. October 13-13. Saturday Matinee.
17th. Oakland, Friday. 16th. ; Reserved seats,
75c. <1. $1 SO. .
WEEEXY CALL, $1.00 P*ER YEAR.
MISCELLANEOUS.
*y \j ,¦'»-._¦ " j a-rrs g; usmxxsaittiMaiitimxi* ay.ajag^j^m { fwpgyaigSBg ISSSk SEC3H8BIH
, 1
• • m * V/ I • • . • E9
• ?••/A 1 ¦••• El
It is with the greatest pleasure that we again submit our Carpet | ;
Prices and those of the Furniture Dealers' Association, commonly r
known as the Carpet Combine. p
We save you many dollars on your carpets for the I
same identical Quality and make, and guarantee you best |
work in sewing, laying and lining. I
COMPARE THE PRICES. Yoti will see them on the |
left, jost as advertised this week in the daily papers by the I
Combine. On the right you see Pattosien's Honest Prices 1
for the very same article. I
THE COMBINE PRICES PATTOSIEN'S PRICES I
Wiy Pay as Mnch ? Why Pay More ? §
S.'S'tU,'.,"^: 85C 75C A savin, of loe . yard . |
Smith's. Sanford's and a
Higgins' nine and ten wire <P| |A CJ AA A sav ; of d |
Tapestne?, per yard «{Jl.lV %>l*VV 6 •> g
. Roxbury and Stinson CJ Jj\ CJ JA A savin of 1OC a d |
ten-wire Tapestries, per yd tP*»*v vt»iw * M
Best Lowell Bicrelow and Ci 6.Z Ci iC a • r j B
Victoria Body Bruf sels. yd Jl.OJ) J1.4J) A savin e ° f 20c a >' ard - | j
Smith*?. Sanford's and n
Stinson', best quality Vel- Ci 2C %] ?() A saving of 15c a yard. I
vets, per yard tpl*Od tpisfcv " * p
Best Wilton Velvets in \ B
Ca^ d ingte\v^h h ::.. PC : $1.90 $1.50 A -ins of 40c a yard. |
;tS:^r^ ony .. A^ n : $1.35 $1.20 a -m* a I5 c . yar d. 1
sifrer .^^ $1.50 $U0 A saving of ,oc a yard. |
Smith's Celebrated Sav- Ci QA CJ /IC A ; f d g
onerne. per yard «{)1»7V Vl»v«J 5 JJ J Eg
AllZ^'Zi ™?"" $1.75 $1.50 A »-"* °< >* • >«*¦ I
> a ?d se .'." w .. A ?. m . i ! 1 :!" ! :. p " $2.00 $1.65 A s ™ n * ol ** • *«*¦ |
CUT THIS OUT FOR REFERENCE I
ESEEBD^^^I HBBSSEB OBHEH^H C9BSQBSKI SS3m9BDC£3uS £*
03
AOTJSEXENTS.
BEXASCO & BIATEH. PronrtetoTS.
Market Bt.. Near Eighth. Phona South 633.
TO-NIGHT— LAST THREE NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAT.
Tremandous Success of
L. R. STOCKWELL.
First Timo at Popular Prices In Du Souchet'i
Greatest Comedy,
My Friend From India.
PQIfpC Evenings 10c to 50o
raiWCj Matinees 10c, 13c. 23o
•We«k of October 12— "A MIDNIGHT BELL."
TI\/OI lomwK
I I Vv/LI house.
(NOTE— Performances begin at 9 sharp;
Matinee Saturday at 2 sharp.)
TO-NIGHT
0 and Saturday Nijtht.
Puccini's Great Modern Work.
"LA BOHEME."
Saturday Mat!ne<» and Sunday Night.
Verdi's Majmlflcent Ot>*ra
"OTELLO."
Next Week~"MIG!YON." "CAVALLERIA"
and "PACLIACCI."
Prices Always tha Same — 25c, 50c. 73c.
Telephone Bush 9.
GRANDB
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS
JAMES INEILL,
In the Dramatic Sensation of th« City.
UNDER TWO FLAGS
Edytha Chapman as Cigarette. *
PRICES— Evenings 15c. 25c, 50e, 73a
Matinees 15c. 25c. 60o
BEGINNING NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE.
THE BURI^ESQUE EXTRAVAGANZA.
O Xi S O F A T B A
ISO — Children In the Production — 150
FISCHEB AND WACKEB,
LABKINS AND PATTERSON
AND A GREAT SHOW EVERT AFTERNOON
AND EVENING IN THE THEATER.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
VISIT THE "MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE."
Lion Slaying Baboon in the Zoo.
LOTS OF f UN IN THE PENNY ARCADE.
ADMISSION. 10c: CHILDREN. 6c
When Phenlns Ask for "The Chutes."
LECTTJBES AND CONCHRTS.
J^»*^ijB^3?C% fcs» WTJtXXJJ 'SyATT 1TA'X'T*i
/^^'i&^l&Sis'^ Sunday NUhtT a't'V.lS.
<^^mm^ The Thought Thai Kills.
ISS&gFL&ffijfa 9L With nxpfrtmenta In
VSB "*'^™« 1 ' Ticket!", 2T>c and 50c.
Painrp D0VT FAIL T0
laiaVW gee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/I fin room, the EMPIRE
uuu PARLOR, tho
r 3 PALM ROOM, ths
JlfflUll LOUIS XV PAR-,
U1UUU LOR. and the LA-
H j i DIES' WRITING
Hotels I room-
I mi a idnn fjfl mm n ¥ guM
1 43 la sHH 1 3 _H JL^al
a s B Fuji i&Ljl 1 13 ESi f] finW 6|
I —-———-— ——~~~
UmJ? FAVORSTE
IRESCRIFfldN
M FOR WEAK WOMEN.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I THE DISEASE
g OF CIVILIZATION IS
CONSTIPATION.
| THE SAFEST AND QUICKEST
1 CURE FOR THIS EVIL IS
| NATURE'S LAXATIVE WATER.
I NOT AN ARTIFICIAL
I PREPARATION.
I RELIEF COMES WITH
| THE FIRST GLASS.
1 ALWAYS ASK FOR
J (FULL NAME.)
j IF YOU SIMPLY ASK FOR
j HUNYADI WATER YOU MAY
| BE IMPOSED UPON.
Utisk'll't Ointment accomplishes Mton-
isblDK cures of r. t in ciivrnsex, after the moat
powerful Internal remedies h»ve failed.
After buthlng the part with Ueitke IV* Soap
Use JHtitktU't Oinfmrnt and it will quickly
remove all Blotches, Plmpl«f , Kruptiom
and Sores. Cures Tetter, Erysipelas, Salt
Rheum, Scald Head,- Itcb, Ringworm*.
Ulcers. Piles, Darber's Itch; relieves and
bcals l.urns and Bcalds. Makes the skin
•oft and beautiful. Prescribed by phy-
sician* for half n cen t u r y. A t d ruggista 60c
fiend for free book of tcstlmoniale. ( -
J0H5ST0X, HOLLOWAY A CO., rklltdelpkla,
CLFFLLERJi*
EVERY.BLADEMRRANTED
DTJTT 011170 FOR" BARBERS. BA-
O II U O li 111 kers, bootblacks, bath-
wuwMiiuw houses, billiard tablea,
hrewers. bookbindert, c»ndy-makers. canners.
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
¦tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BEOS.,
Brush Manuf acturera. 609 Sacramento St.
PBAQEBS ;
' Double Green Trading Stamps 1
Given With All Purchases |
Here are just* a few of the great specials |j
you may share in : |
One-half price on women's suits, coats, p
# skirts, etc. |
Millinery specials, shoes, dress goods and ! j
silks, handkerchiefs, ribbons, gloves, fancy |j
goods and dozens of others. - 0
if AIAVAY^RELIARLE 8
W 1238- 1250 MARKET ST\«**«* \ |MEMBERS OF THE NOTED VAN
COUVER LACROSSE CLUB WHO
WILL PLAY IN THIS CITY.
There are nearly 9,000,000 negroes in the
United States. •
Sir Thomas Upton Is' the largest dealer
eX Indian tea In the world.- „
Timothy B. Subers, a machinist residing
in San Franicsco, filed a petition in in
solvency yesterday in the United States
District Court. He owes $191 and has no
assets. • ' . • ¦" ' • :\*i.<?ii-i
Insolvent Mechanic.
ASTORIA— Arrived Oct 8— Schr S T = Alex
ander, hence .Sept 27. v - - ¦ • •
SEATTLE— Sailed Oct 8— Stmr City of Se
attle, for Skgfwajr; almr Bertha, Xor Valdex.
I/ate Shipping Intelligence.
SAILED.
Thursday, October 8.
Schr Newark, Relnertsen, .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
CHICAGO, Oct. 8.— The News • to-day
says that " Secretary Hopper is pressing
the proposed match between Dick Welles
and McChesney during the race meeting
at the Latonia track and has offered a
$5000 purse. Hopper has secured the con
sent of Jerome Respess. owner of Dick
Welles, to enter that colt. Respess is at
present in Chicago and It is believed here
that E. E. Smathersi who owns McChes
ney, will ship McChesney to Latonia for
the match. The distance Is to be one mile,
weight for ase, or, ten pounds below the
*«aie. ' - ,."V : .... ¦'".:";' '"..¦¦. 1-,
TTJRF CHAMPIONS TO MEET.
S How the fire started is a mystery. The
Chinese In the place at the time say that
It was caused by a defective flue. No
one, seems to be able to give . a satisfac
tory explanation of its origin, so an in
vestigation by the Fire Marshal will prob
ably* De made. The building was a. two
story frame structure owned by Mrs. Mc-
Cumber. The: loss will probably reach
$5000, partly covered by insurance.
Mrs. McCumber and Yung I^e Suffer
Loss of $5000 Through a
Blaze. - V
A blaze in Yung Lee's laundry at Twen
ty-second and Dolores streets at 9 o'clock
last night caused a triple alarm and
brought the engines from all directions
In as great haste as if a downtown bflsl
nes3 block were ablaze. >£
•A high wind was blowing at the time
and this was the cause of the three
alarms. The district Is thickly populated
and had the blaze made any headway
much - prpperty would' have been de
stroyed. ..
FIRE DOES DAMAGE
TO , CHINESE LATJNDRY
To-night's contests will be between
bridge workers and plumbers; cement
•workers and laborers; car men and long
ehore lumbermen, and carpenters and
tcamstere.
The bridge workers beat the horse
shoers In two minutes, and the carpenters
pot the decision over the cement workers
in a minute and a half. .C/'-i
The car men and laborers put up a
preat contest that lasted thirty-five mln
utee. First the laborers took a decided
lead and held it well, but finally their op
ponents got a gradual and steady pull
r.nd by degrees got the laborers over the
deadline.
Though the teamsters were willing to
admit their defeat, there is no doubt that
they -would have lasted longer and made
a better showing bnt for the fact that one
of their men collapsed.
Excitement ran high in the final trial of
last night's t*jg of war contests at Cen
tral Park. The teamsters and the long-
Fhore lumbermen came together and for
nearly twonty-three minutes tugtred away
¦without cither team gaining more than
one cleat. Both teams had clean scores.
From the first sound of the pistol untli
witliin a second or two of the decision It
was nip and tuck, and It seemed that the
teams would be at it for at least an hour,
fo even was the contest. Finally the
long-shoremen, after gaining a slight ad
vantage, took the teamsters over the line
in double rjulcJt time and won a victory In
such rhort order that the spectators were
nonplused. ' '-'
LUMBERMEN BEAT TEAMSTERS
IH" TTTG-OF-WAB, CONTEST
Teams Put TTp an Exciting Go in the
¦ Tournament at Central
Park.
The following were sent in to replace
the freshmen- withdrawn after the first
half: Kleinschmidt, left end; Jones, left
guard; Clark, left tackle; Brown, right
guard; Davis, right end; Hanna, quarter;
Crow, left half; Sanborn, right half. San
ta Clara replaced Belz at left end by
Haack and W. A. Magee at right half by
McClatchey.
Santa Clara— Agulree, TVoodford, Blow Hub
bard. McHlroy. Barry. Belz, L. Magee W
Magee. Feeney, Brae.
Freshmen — Glllls, Sweany, Allen, Haffee
Jackson. Eeabury, McGinnes. Sell, Tweedy'
Kern Gabriel.
BERKELEY, Oct. 8.— After the most ex
citing and stubborn freshmen contest of
the season the California freshmen de
feated the Santa Clara College team at
football this afternoon on the Berkeley
campus by a score of 5 to 0. In' the first
half the elevens wrestled up and down
the center of the field for twenty minutes
neither side getting dangerously near the
goal lines. In the second half the time
had nearly expired when the freshmen
worked the ball to within three yards of
the Santa Clara line. There Santa Clara
held it and the situation became so
critical that the freshmen decided to try
for a field goal. Quarterback Sell passed
the 'ball from Haffee, the center, to Right
Halfback Kern without a hitch, and Kern
sent the ball flying squarely between tne
two posts, making the score 5 to 0.
Feeling sure of the game, the coaches
then replaced almost the entire freshmen
team with new men, who were
not effective In holding and buck-
Ing the Santa Clara eleven. The
result '-was the Santa Claras beat
the freshmen back to the twenty
five yard line In a few minutes. Santa
Clara then attempted to repeat the fresh
men trick of klcklhg a field goal. Blow,
the Santa Clara right guard, sent the bali
flying toward the very center between the
goal posts, but It didn't go high enough,
and, striking the crossbar, bounded back
into Trie field. In the first half the teams
¦were made up of:
Kern Kicks a Field Goal, Scoring the
Only Points Made in the
Contest.
BERKELEY FRESHMEN
WIN EXCITING GAME
Lady Pinto vs. Little Sister; Alanreda Lad
vs. White Buck; Wedge wood vs. Clarice; Royal
Sport vs. Mike Rice; Onward Maud vs. Flora
Temple: Otto vs. Youns Fearless; -Cremo vs.
Beauty Gold; Miss Green vs. Freeport; SUeve
namon vs. Medley; Lily Wright vs. Merry
Lou; Boots vs. Magic Stuff; Roy Hughle vs
Prometheus; Cascade vs. Rock and Rye: May
Connelly vs. Wattles; Reta S vs. Tyrone
Prince; Renegade Apache vs. Shadow; Mar
guerltte vh. Linda Vista: Menlo Prince vs
Remisso Anlmo; Intruder vs. Sofala; Man
hattan King vs. ¦ Gllmore: Donneybrook vs.
Advance Guard; Meddlesome vs. Roulette- Yel
low Tall vs. Crockett Boy; Braw's'Hlll va
Little Mercy; Honor Bright vs. Duhallow :
Bonnie Hughie vs» Queen's Motto; Cloverdale
vs. Regal Attire; Little Lucy vs. October Lad-
Ragtime vs. Bella Lloyd; Tom Hurlick vs'
Topsy Turvey; Chuchu vs. Equator: Good Del
clslon vs. Our Myra; Luxury vs. Ploughman-
Odd Eyes vb. Gold Lilly; Baby Jennie vs Tom
Sayers; Pure Gold vs. Frank Dunn- False
Alarm vs. White Mystery: Rich Argosy vs
Flora Belle; Anchor vs. Mount Rose- Little
Plunger vs. Homer Boy; Fair Oaks vs. Moun
tain Poet; Procresso vs. Handsome Jim- Irv
lngton Tralee vs. Concord Boy; Dorothy M
vs. Katy Belle; Colored Lady vs. Dear Gaston •
Half Moon vs. Miss Shirley; Royal Friend vs'
Pepper Jack- Piker vs. Hesper; PrecitaMald
vs. Lna; Lady Menlo vs. Black Flush- Fair
Glen vs; Jerry Wright; Fine Gold vs Doreen-
Lulu Girl vs. Belfast; Roxana vs. Vagrant
Pure Pearl vs. Harvey M; Idaho Boy vs. Coiw
roy. ¦
The open stake at Ingleside Coursing
Park this week attracted an entry of 112
greyhounds. The stake will be run down
once to-morrow, commencing at 11:30.
The draw last night resulted as follows:
$2:11 class trotting, $1000— Bessie Brown
won three straight heats in 2:17, 2:15%,
2:13%. Baron Wcdgewood. Bessie Blrchwood,
Lucky Jim. Claymont. Ete Delight. Ellen W.
Redwood Fine Edge. Alexander Campbell and
Regal Baron also started.
The Futurity. ..for . two-year-olds, -' $5000 —
Grace Bond won two straight heats In 2:17%,
2 "10. Jessie Benyon, Alta Axworthy, Be
queath. The Hermit. California Cresceus and
Alice Edgar also started.
The pure-gaitcd little trotter with fric
tlonless mechanism utilized every move
ment of her body in shortening the dis
tance between her and the goal. Every
muscle that she brought into play counted
for time and distance. The track was
lumpy and damp and fully three seconds
slow when the starters In the Tennessee
stake were called at 2 o'clock. Sunshine
and harrows had gotten the track in a
little better condition by the time the Fu
turity was called. Summary:
Th« Tennessee, 2:08 pace, purse $3000 (one
heat paced Wednesday) — Nervolo won first, sec
ond and fourth heats In 2:07% 2:00 2-.09V4.
Major C won third heat in 2:10. King Direct,
Tom Keene. Sufreet. Mlsa Wlllamont. Dick
Wilson and Dora Papha also started.
2:07 class trotting, purse (1500 <one hsat
trotted Wednesday) — Fereno won two straight
heats In 2:11*4, 2:13%. Rhythmic. Prince of
Orange, Dolly Dillon and Susie J also started.
2:11 class, pacing, purse $1000 (one heat
paced Wednesday) — John M won two straight
heats in 2:11. 2:11%. Cascade. Lizzie H. Mary
Anna, Jessie S and Bald Hornet also started.
Kentucky Futurity, 'three-year-olds, purse
$14,000 — Sadie Mac won three straight heats
in 2:15. 2:15%. 2:12%.- Baron Gale. Kathe
rine A. Lizzie A, Mary Gage. Emily Letcher,
Delight, Ethel's Pride, Diadem and Sporty also
started. s
LEXINGTON, Ky., Oct. 8.— Sadie Mac,
E. E. Smathers' recent purchatwr^on the
historic Kentucky Futurity for three
year-olds with ease and without apparent
effort in three straight heats, going the
last mile in 2:12%. which is two seconds
short of the record made by Fereno three
years ago. She won by several lengths in
each heat and at only one time was she
In danger. That was In the first seven
eighths of the first mile, when Ethel's
Pride kept nose to nose with her. Ethel's
Pride broke, however, and finished poorly
in all three heats.
Sadie Mac Captures the
Kentucky Futurity
for Smathers.
One Hundred and Twelve
Will Compete at
Ingleside.
WINS IN THREE
STRAIGHT HEATS
HEAVY ENTRY
OF GREYHOUNDS
Hermans was to appear as a witness
ngalnst Jacobson, but when Detective
Ryan, -who was detailed on the case,
learned . through the French Interpreter
that Hermans was the man who first ac
costed Vigeroux he got Vigeroux , to
swear to a \ complaint charging Hermans
with robbery and he was booked on that
charge. --M^y
Vigeroux notified Policeman M. Barry
and from a description of the two men he
arrested Andrew Jacobson and John Her
mans in a lodging-house ' at 243 Steuart
street. Jacobson was booked on a charge
of robbery and Hermans on a charge of
drunkenness. Jacobson was instructed
and arraigned before Police Judge Ca
baniss yesterday and the case continued
till to-morrow. The watch was found on
Jacobson and he admitted that he stole
it. " **:;"'
Alfred Vigeroux, a sailor on the French
vessel Gael, lying at Howard-street
wharf, was walking along the wharf to
the vessel about midnight Wednesday
night when two men approached him.
One of them asked him the time and
placed his' hands on Vigeroux's shoulders.*
The other,, as -"Vigeroux was pulling out
his watch, snatched it from him, knocked
him down and the two ran away.
They Are Both Arrested and One of
Them Admits That He Is
Guilty.
TWO MEN ABE ACCUSED OF
ROBBING FBENCH SAILOB
The opening game has been set aside as
ladles' day and the fair Bex will be ad
mitted to both the grounds^and grand
stands free of charge.
Williams, a big youngster, whose quick
return of the ball borders on the sensa
tional, will probably be stationed at de
fense. Coutts, the midget; Beckwlth,
Schofleld, Carroll. Judge, Jones, ! the
MInto brothers, the Lyons boys, Theberg
and the balance can be depended on to
give a good account of themselves.
The Vancouvers -and Shamrocks are
composed of such men as Kavanaugh,
Norman," Itielly, Howard Mclllwaine,
"Big" Smith, Currie, the famous Brennan
brothers, York Robinson, Finlayson, Cap
tain O'Connell and others. Every one Is
an expert at his position. They play the
fast, snappy, aggressive game so dear to
lovers of clean sport.
The Canucks, though they are top
notchers, will find in tne All-Callfornlas
a formidable aggregation. The home
players are composed of the pick of the
California Lacrosse Association.
THE sport-loving people of this
city are to be afforded the unex
pected opportunity next week of
witnessing a game of lacrosse
for the world's championship.
The Shamrocks of Montreal, who have
held the- championship /for years, have
been playing a series of games against
the Vancouver team. Each won only one
game and will meet at National Baseball
Park, Ninth and Bryant streets. In the
decisive struggle. These clubs are ac
knowledged the best in the world at this
sensational game.
The teams are due on tho 13th inst.
Vancouver will meet the All-Callfornias
on the loth at National Park in the open
ing game of the series. That these games
will be worth seeing is an assured fact,
as all the teams are the pick of the best
lacrosse players In the world.
MORRIS PARK, Oct. 8.— Under condi
tions decidedly adverse, for the track was
sloppy and the weather rainy, good rac
i«g was seen to-day, the finishes in the
Ramapo handicap, won by River Pirate,
and in the fifth race, also a handicap, won
by Colonsay, beingr very keen and close.
On Bflmont^s River Pirate the work of
Hicks was very good, while not so much
could be said pf Bullman. who had the
mount on Injunction. Injunction was in
a. pocket on the beginning- of the far turn
and his backers saw Bullman was in too
much of a mix-up to come through. He
took up his, colt and made his run on the
outside. Injunction going: clear to the out
er rail. River Pirate came down the in
cline about fifteen feet away from. Injunc
tion. Beth Jockeys rode with great en
ergy and the result of the close finish
was in favor of River Pirate. His owner,
Perry Bclmont. was present to see the
colt'e victory. The Ramapo handicap was
•worth $2240 to the winner. Summary:
FIRST RACE — The Withers mile; selling.
netting. Hor*e. Weig-ht, Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to 1— Early Eve, 101 CBoiesen). 9 6 1 h
7 to 5— Hoodwink, 106 (Fuller)... 3 7 2%
60 to 1— Blue Victor. 102 (Mulhlnd) 4 5 3
Time 1:42 1-6. Start fair (muddy). Won
driving. Winner, W. B. Gray's oh. t. by Horo
*?ope-<!!oamir.£. Cincinnatus 100, Nevermore
J0r>. Illnrdove r>3. Pwe»t Alice 105, Past 105,
meetftfl 91, Neither One 100, Carroll D 104,
also ran.
BEOOXD RACE— The October steeplechase
handicap: about two and a half mlle«.
Bettinr. Home, Weight. Jockey. St. *4 Fin.
13 to .*? — Cal>r. 150 (Donohue) 4 114
7 to 2— Harar. Pepper. 14S (Ray). 1 4 2 14
4 to 1— Judk-r I > »:llllps.l5r»<O'Brien) 3 2 3 40
Time, 4:4«. Start food. Won e-aslly. Win
rer J. E. Wid^ner'i! b. g. by Tammany-Cale
donia. Zinzlbar 1C2, Adjldaumo 18ft, also ran.
THIRD RACE — Selling: for maiden two-year
«iMf- five furione* of Eclipfe course.
Kminp. Horse. WHjrht. Jockey. St. »4 Fin.
4 to j_ Atwood S3 (O'Brien) 6 1 1 4
y to l— Ancestor. S4 (A. Brennan). 4 4 2 U
c to l—GanonoR-ue, m (Redfem).. 2 3 .'? 1 '£
Time 1:01. Ftart bad. Won driving:. Win
ner CH. Hemingway's ch. c. by Anltree-Isa-
Wl' Algonquin **'• • c > an n^mo ioi. Huapala 93.
Va&r Eft Mr-fiochord 99. Piquet 02. Sallet SU.
Wi!lijrt-«=e 1'3. Oay l»tharlo 114. Ounwad f<2,
DonneQy W, Ruwll Sage 97, Tomahawk S"J.
Cold Tip 8*-. also ran.
Fi^fUTlI RACE; — The Ramapo handicap:
thtw-year-oKif"; a nd an «l*hth miles on
Withers course,
letting Hnroe Weight. Jockey. St. * 4 Fin.
1 to 1— River Pirate, 108 (Hicks).. 4 6 1 nk
2 to I— Injunction, 114 (Bullman).. « 3 2 1
e to 1-Ada Nay. 112 (ONelll)...- 2 2 3 2
Time 1 :'4 .1-.V Start bad. Won driving.
Winner P. Belmonfs ch. c. by Pirate of Pen
ranrr-Hareb*!l. Rostand 10S, Judith Camp
bell 100, Girdle 09. also ran. W
FIFTH RACE— Handicap; Wither* wile
Petting Ho-se Weight. JocKfy. St. *i Fin.
ir; to 5— Colonsay. 106 (Michaels). 2 1 1 h
j; { to jo— I»rd Badge. 117 (Odom). 1 2 .2 nk
3 to 1 Momnts,122 Gannon) 4 4 3 2
Time 1"41. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner W- 6. Daly's ch. c. by Inverness-Black
Cap. ii'.m.—lf 118 also ran.
SIXTH RACE — Maiden three-year-olds and
¦uji; Withers mile.
BMUbc. Horse. Weight. Jockey. Bt. %. Fin.
* to 1— Mt-dal. 9" (Houbre) 5 111
•> ,., i Q U y park. 100 (Gannon)... 2 2 2 H
C to 1— I'hLnn. 106 (Redfern) .4 S 13 -
Time 142 4-5 Start fair. Won driving.
winner. J E M*ddon'. b. f. by Meddler-Lady
Ptvlot. Sabot 101, TrMlndo 07. Carton M,
Ko\-al Pirate 109, Heir Apparent 102, Tom
I^awson i'T, also ran.
MOMLIS PAB.K ENTRIES.
NEW YORK. Oct. 8— Entries: .
First race, two end a half miles over nine
hurdles. selling-The Rival 146. Gould 153.
Charawind IS* Gibson Light 147 Santo* Du
xnor.t 133 Cryptogram 142. Draughtsman 15J,
and a half furlong- cf With
erT course-Knight of Rhodes 114. Captain R
Eloim 108. Padducee 108, Vltelliua 105.
John E ion. Highlander 105. Andrattus 102,
Valley Forge 102. Unmasked 109. Our NuSKet
10* Locket 10ft. Queen Elizabeth 106. Royal Pi
rate 97. Duelist 97. Moderator 100.
Third race, six and a half furlongs of With
ers mile 2-year-olds, Belling— Hello 104. The
Bowery 104, 'Flag Officer 100. Thistle Heather
104 Longspur 01. Monadnock 107, Shortcake VS.
Fourth race. Withers raille, 2-year-olds — Or
mondes Right 115. Jocund 110, Bobadil 110,
The Southerner 11". Ed Tierney 110. Palette
107 Hippocrates 107, Champlain 100. (Jocund
«m<i Bobafiil, Drake entry.) i_i.'\"
Fifth race seven furlongs of Withers mile,
Fordham Highweight handicap — Colonel Bill
¦ 12* Wealth 117. Lux Caeta. 118. Castallan 112,
Highlander 104. Sir Vporhles 102, Grenade 100.
Palvatella fl9 Divination 99, Lady TTncan 97,
Illyria 95 Tousg Henry 129. Wild Thyme 110.
(Wealth and Lux Casta, Albemarle entry.)
Sixth race, cne and a half miles on Withers
course handicap^ — Caughrawaga 126. Tribes
Hill 104, Warranted 09. Lord Badge W, Early
Eve ST.
• MOBBIS PARK SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Charawind, Gibson
JAght, Draughtsman.
Second race — Duelist, "Unmasked,
Our Nugget
Third race — Thistle Heather,
Hello, Monadnock-
Fourth race Jocund, Hippo
crates, Ed Tierney.
Fifth race — niyria, Imx Casta,
Young Henry.
Sixth race — Early Eve, Tribes
Hill, Lord Badge.
SrwciaJ Dispatch to The Call
CHICAGO. Oct. 8.— Conditions for rac
ing at Worth could not have b An worse
than they were to-day." "The weather waa
raw and chilly, the track was heavy, be
ing- fully ten seconds slow, and the card
of the ordinary variety. The slx-furlong
sprint was won by Big Ben, principally
through ; the clever riding of Dominlck.
The colt was quitting fifty yards from the
wire, but Dominick kept at him and fair
ly lifted him under the wire first by a
nock. Incidentally S. W. Street made a
"killing" on the victory of Big Ben. The
colt opened at 5 to 2 and under a heavy
and steady play was pounded down to
8 to a at post time, equal favorite with
Gypzene, which also was backed strong
ly. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; selling.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin,
» to 5— Marco, 07 (Wilson) 5 3 11
5 to 1— Four Leaf C. 102 (Wolff). 1 2 2 nk
12 to 0 — Chas.Gralnger.107 CAdkns) 7 1 3 4
Time. 1:S« 2-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner, B. Butler's br. g. by Ben All-Santuz
ca. Spec 97, Small Talk 102, Lowly 102, James
J .Corbett 110, Win* Dance 107. Give AH 107,
Glorious 103, also ran.
SECOND RACE — One and a Quarter miles:
selling.
Betting. Horee, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to 5— Airtight, 1)5 (H. Phillips) 1 1 1 U,
7 to 2 — Barrack, 102 (Adkins)... 4 2 2 1M,
9 to 10— IJt. Elkln. 91. (Wilson). 5 5 3%
Time, 2:19 4-5. .Start good. Won handily.
Winner, S. S. Brown's br. f. by Lamplighter-
Sunbeam. Tufts !)4, Dodle S OS, also ran.
THIRD RACE — Six furlongs; handicap.
Betting. Horn*, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
S to 5 — Big Ben. 114 (Dominlck).. 4 1 1 nk
8 to S — Gypzene, 100 (Wilson) 5 2 2 4
9 to 5 — Jack Ratlin 128 (Landry).. 2 4 3 1
Time, 1:19. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, S. W. Street & Co.'s br. g. by Ben Strome-
Mint Julep. Mayor Johnson 100, Sarah Maxim
100, Eva's Darling 100, also ran.
FOURTH RACE — One mile; curse.
Bettir.g. Horee. Weight. Jockey. St. «£ Fin.
8 to 6 — St. Tammany, 102 (Dvdsn) 1111
» to 10— Tam O'Phanter.95 (Phllps) 3 2 2 h
0 to 1— Thane, 0!» (Wilson) 2 3 3 20
Time, 1:49. Start good. Won easily. Winner,
J. M. Stroke's ch. g. by St. Blalze-Sea Weed.
Charlie Thomjjeon 104 also ran.
FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs; purse.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 5 — Rockaway.llO (R. Williams) 2 2 1 nk
9 to 5— Alma Dufour, 104 (Phillips) 4 3 2 2
5 to 1 — Glisten, 104 (S. Bonner)... 3 4 3 7
Time, 1 :21. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, Burns & Waterhouse'e ch. o. by Alta
max-Recreation. Arnold K 107, Brookwood
Belle 104, also ran.
SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1 — Automaton. 112 (Otin) 4 114
25 to 1— Alee. 102 (Xlcol) 2 0 2 24
7 to 1— Do Madge. 107 (Phillips). 110 3
Time, 1:.15 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, H. H. Herrenden & Co.'s b. h. by
Autocrat-Von Hera. Mams^lle 103. Lady Match
less 106 Fleuron 111. Fair Lady Anna 104. Nel
lie Bawn 107, Mr. Brown 105, Evelyn Byrd 107.
also ran.
WORTH ENTRIES.
CHICAGO, Oct. 8.— Entries:
First race, 6 furlongs, maidens— Oleometer
110, Edward Hale 110. Oudon 110. Circular Joe
110. Mayor David S. Rose 110. King Ellsworth
110. Wigwam 110, The Hebrew 110. Klelnwood
110. Plautus J07. Virginia Boy 107.
Second race, six furlongs — Schwalbe 110, Bur
nie Bunton 105, Louioville 105, Gypzene 100,
Witful 93. Begone f»5, Sarah Maxim 95.
Third race, one mile, selling — Tancred 109.
Examiner 109. Sir Hugh 102. Mr. Dingle 101,
Albemarle 101. Homily 101. Florence H fis,
Florestan 9S. Lampoon 97, Lord Melbourne 97.
Fourth race, one mile and seventy yards,
handicap — Proceeds 103, By Ways 102, Potheen
95, C. B. Campbell 05, Bard Burns, 90. Fading
Light S5. (Potheen and By Ways, Hlldreth's
entry.)
Fifth race, six furlongs — Standard 105,
Wreath of Ivy 100. Lawndale 99. Wistaria 97,
Arnold K 97. Go Between 97, Dungannon 97,
Myron Dale 95. Miss Mollie 92, Dorlce 92.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, selling
— Compass 107, Mandamus 107, Antolee 107.
Captain Hamm 107. False Lead 107. E\-elyn
Byrd 107. Charlie Grainger 107. Pirate's Daugh
ter 107, M!?s Liza 102. Frank M 102.
WORTH SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — King Ellsworth, Mayor
David S. Rose, Kleinwood.
Second race — Burnte Bunton, Wit
ful, Schwalbe. ,-.
Third race — Lampoon, Sir Hugh,
Mr. Dingle.
Fourth race — Proceeds, By Ways,
Fading Light
Fifth race — Dorice, Dungannon,
Go Between.
Sixth race — Captain Hamm,
Evelyn Byrd, Antolee.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Worth's Racee Are Run on
a Track Ten Seconds
Slow.
Close Finishes at Morris
Fark Despite the
Deep Footing.
Injunction Beaten by
R^ver Pirate in the
Ramapo.
Owner Street Makes a
"Killing" on His
Colt.
BULLMAN PUTS
UP A POOR RIDE
BIG BEN WINS,
HEAVILY BACKED
LACROSSE MATCH FOR CHAMPIONSHIP
WILL BE DECIDED IN THIS CITY
The Unbeaten Shamrocks of Montreal, Canada, and the Vancouver
Team to Meet at National Baseball Park, Ninth and Bryant
Streets, Next Week — All-Californias Also to Play the Visitors
SPORTS OF THE TROTTING AND RUNNING TURF AND THE FIELD
BALL GAME ENDS
JUST AS USUAL
ST. LUIS FAIR
STAKES DECIDED
Angel Tossers Make as
Many Runs as They
Choose.
Jordan Wins the Event
With Eight Lengths
to Spare.
Young Baum Pitches in Good
Form for the Southern
Team.
Twenty Thousand Persons
Witness the Afternoon's
Equine Contests.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ET. LOUIS, Oct. 8.— An excellent pro
gramme was run off at the Fair Grounds
to-day, the feature of which was the St.
Louis Fair selling stakes. Jordan, the
8 to 4 favorite, won It as he pleased by
eight lengths. Although the weather was
chilly and the track lumpy and slow,
fully 20,000 persons witnessed the races.
Summary:
FIRST RACE — One. mil* and seventy yards;
Belling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
12 to 6— Str. Lillian, 89 (Hennesey)12 3 1 nk
15 to 1— Margie S,'1O3 (Mahon)... 6 1 2 nk
9 to 2— El Caney, 106 (McCarthy) 6 2 3 1^
Time. 1:66. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner.. W. P. Reed's br. f. by Laraplighter-
Emma III. Ultra Vires 89, Mae Miller 00,
Birdwood 103, Nllgar 105. General Dtx 94.
Pearl Direr 89. Hanan 100 Harrr K 105.
Crutchfleld 92. Whaleback 103, also ran.
SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs ;
selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Sadie Burch. 109 (Shehan) 1111
12 to 1 — Bird Pond. 95 (George).. S 5 2 nk
7 to 2 — Jge. Denton. 102 (Austin) 4 2 3 8
Time, 1:13H. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, H. Pfefle's b. f. by Loyalist-La
Duchess. Wootsy Wlnlerd 95, Ora. McKlnney
103, Falkland 104," Amberita 90. Pilgrim Girl
96. Enigma 95. Rusk 10.".. also ran.
THIRD RACE — Six furlongs: selling::
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. t>t. % Fin.
9 to 2 — Dolly Gray, 106 (Austin).. 1 v l 1 nk
4 to 5— Miss Manner?. 107 (Shehan) 4 "2 2 7
4 to 1— Blue Grass Olri, 102 (Foly) 2 3 3 15
Time. 1:20%. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner. T. P. Haves' b. f. by St. George-
Palmetto. Crime 102, Rejoice 105. Conspicu
ous 105, Marchioness 99, Red Ola 104, also
ran. Offset lot left at poet.
FOURTH RACE — One mile and seventy
yards- St. Louis Fair selling stakes:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «£ Fin.
3 to 4 — Jordan. 107 (Austin) 4 118
7 to 1— Kingstelle. 94 (Perkins)... 2 2 2 nk
3 to 1 — Dave Sommers, 95 (Henesy) 3 3 3 15
Time. 1:54%. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, T. P. Hayes' br. c. by LamDlighter-
Emma III. Pourquoi Pas 07 also ran.
FIFTH RACE — One mile and seventy yards;
selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jocxey. St. ?i Fin.
5 to 1 — Baronet, 105 (Smith) 4 117
5 to 1— Heglra, 9S (Gllmore) 2 2 2 4
10 to 1— Helen Hay, 101 (Foley)... 7 4 3 1%
Time. 1:57»4. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. J. F. Daniels & Co.'s ch. h. by Prince
Royal-Little Vag. Latson 98. Model Monarch
101, Wllhelmina 95 Eugenia S 9S, Eliza Cook
103. Prince Real 105, Silver Plush 98, also ran.
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to 1— Maverick. 92 (Stoval).... 7 1 1 nk
3 to 5 — Stand Pat. 104 (Austin)... 3 3 2 4
8 to 1 — Nearest. 108 (Sheehan)... 6 5 3 8
Time, 1:19. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, N. B. Tlchenor & Co.'s ch. o. by Tom
Paxton-Redlna. Dr. Scharff 102, Golden
Easter 97, AUlo 103, Tom Collins 10S. also ran.
SEVENTH RACE — On« mile and seventy
yards; selling:
Betting. . Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 5 — Lasso. 102. (Livingston).. 2 112
15 to 1— Eliza Dillon. 98 (George). 14 2 2
11 to 5 — Star Gazer. 107 (Mathews) 5 3 3 2
Time, 1:633£- Start good. Won easily.
Winner. L. Lemp & Co.'s ch. m. by Mag
netizer-Lesca. Sting 98, Olonetz 102. Loone
103, Broodier 103, Our Lady 102. Peat 107,
also ran.
ST. LOUIS ENTBTES»
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 8.— Entries:
First race, seven furlongs. 2-year-olds and
up. selling — Insbrouck 105. Foghorn 90. Billy
Jackson 90. Bessie B 90. Ecome 112. Hoedown
. Lonlana 85. Thank Heaven 90. Harold
Parker 100. Elie 95, Glen Esher 88, Buglehorn
88. Hazel Boyle 85. La Honda 102.
Second race, one mile, 3-year-olds and up,
selling— El Caney 108, Sardian 94. Algareta 105,
Landola 10T>. Aules 105. Cardigan 100. Chandoo
108. Tabellarfus 86, Sliver Plush 95. Cressida
91. 'Captain Gaston 105. Quiet 105.
Third race, six furlongs, 2-year-olds, purse —
Bugler 103. Ben Adklns 100, Imboden 103. Miss
Crawford 100, Lord Herir.ence 103, Major Pel
bam 103, Huckleberry Finn 107.
Fourth race, one and three-sixteenths miles, 3
year-olds and up, handicap — Josle F 90, Taby
Tosa 103 Dan McKenna 109. Mallory 92, Flint
lock 107.
Fifth race, seven furlongs. 2-year-olds and
up selling — My Surprise 07, Cap and Gown JH>.
Russelton 109, Countees Clara 104. Tlomalne S5.
Leech 9.'t. Tenny Eelle 103, Alcom R 85, Bell
the Cat 03, Our Lillle 90, Sartor Resartus 90,
Caybon 90. Axares 112. Tempt 100.
Sixth race, six furlongs. 3-year-old colts and
peldlngs, selling — Review 96. General Prig 96.
Jean Gravler OS Eudwelser 98. Gus Lanka 104.
Sid Silver 103. Pettljohn 110. Little Corker 88.
Requisition 9S. Harry Griffith 9S. Irby Bennett
102 The Gatto 98. Bear Creek 93, Will Shelly
101.
ST. LOTUS SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Bugle Horn, Fog
Horn, Loniana.
Second race — Algaretta, Aules,
Sardian.
Third race — Miss Crawford, Ben
Adkins, Major Pelham.
Fourth race — Taby Tosa, Dan
McKenna, Mallory.
Fifth race — Our Lillie, Countess
Clara, Leech.
Sixth race — Sid Silver, Gus
Lanka, Requisition.
The corporal's guard that turned out at
Recreation Park yesterday afternoon saw
the same old baseball stunt over again.
The Angels won. score 12 to 3. There waa
not a bit of interest In the game, and
after the first few innings nad been
played the fans began to make a get
away, until at the end of the- contest
the place was deserted.
Whalen could not pitch a lick at all.
The southern giants hit everything Jimmy
sent over the rubber. The fielders erred
whenever any of the Los Angeles play
ers were on the bags, so the score was
big before the game had grown many
innings old. The Angels did not exert
themselves to any serious extent, elso
they could have scored twice as many
runs.
Charley Baum pitched winning ball for
Morley. II© was steady in every Inning.
The three runs scored off his delivery
could have been prevented with a square
deal from the umpire and good support
from his fielders. He had speed and
curves, and worried the home batters la
every inning but one. The score:
San Francisco — I Los Ar.se>* —
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Shay. 2b 3 0 0 2 3iHoy, cf 4 3 2 2 0
Meany.rf 4 12 2 0 Spies, lb 4 0 1 11 O
Zearfs.c. 4 112 lSmith,3b & 1 1 2 2
Krug. cf 4 1 2 2 uJDIlln. 2b 5 2 3 3 S
Pabst. lb 4 0 1 12 0 Crvth rf 5 1 3 2 0
Lynch, If 4 0 1 1 OjRoss. If. 5 2 0 1 1
Delms.Zb 4 0 0 2 4 Tomn, s 4 2 2 2 4
Rymd.3b 4 0 10 2 Ea*ar, c 4 0 2 3 0
Whaln, p 3 0 0 1 4 Baum. p 4 1 0 0 2
Totals.38 S 8 24 1-t! Totals.40 12 14 27 14
RUNS AND HITS ET INNINGS.
San Francisco ...0 0 0 0 0 2 0 1 0— 3
Bas« hits 2001030X1— *
Lor Angeles 0 224 1300 x— 12
Base hits 0 2232401 x— 14
SVMMART.
Home run — Dillon. Stolen bases — Toman,
Cravath. Ross. Meany. Errors — Meany 2.
Pabst, Shay. Delmas. Rosa. Toman. Eagar.
Two-base hits — Toman. Krug 2. Smith. Zear
foss. Hoy. Ross. Sacrifice hit — Spies. First base
on errors — San Franclxco 2. Los Angeles H.
First base on called ball?— Off Whalen 1, off
Baum 1. Left on bases— San Francisco 6. Los
Angeles 5. Struck out — By Whalen 2, by
Baum 2. Wild pitch — Whalen. Time of game —
One hour 40 minutes. Umpire — McDonald.
UP-HTLL GAME FOR SEATTLE.
Drohan Proves "Wild and Is Relieved
by Hughes.
SEATTLE. Wash.. Oct. 8. — Seattle won an
uphill game to-day. Drohan was wild and six
runs were made oft two hits In the third. Ho
waa then taken out and Huphpa finished the
(tame, holding Sacramento dewn to two sin
gles. The locals hit Fitzgerald hard. Score:
R. ir. e.
Seattle 10100411 x— 8 16 3
Sacramento ... 00 »» 00000 0— 0 4 3
Batteries — Prchan, Hushes and Byers; Fitz
gerald and Graham.
PORTLAND, Or.. Oct. 8.— After holdlnff
Portland down for nearly six Innings McKay
allowed two base hits and a three-bagfeer.
The Infield added two errors and Portland net
ted seven runs. Shields kept his hits scattered
and was well supported. Score:.
Portland 000007 01 x — 8 » 4
Oakland 10000010 0— 2 6 3
Batteries — Shields and Shea; McKay anj Gor
ton. Umpire — Levy.
Football Hoodoo Is Burned.
The students of Hitchcock School, San
Rafael, inaugurated a new custom last
night by burning The "hoodoos" during
their annual football rally. This la al
ways held prior to the Hitchcock-Mount
Tamalpais Academy football game. This
will be played to-morrow on the Hitch
cock grounds.
Lest night's celebration was attended
by a large- number of students. Speeches
were made by Percy Hall, coach of the
University of California: E. L. Mini. Cal
ifornia halfback; Geissler and Holt of
Reliance; L. S. RamsdeU and by the dif
ferent teachers and members of the foot
ball team.
"Women Golfers in Competition.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 8.— The second
round of match play In the Invitation
golf tournament given by Mrs. C. A. Orls
com at the Merlon Cricket Club was con
cluded here to-day. The best match of
the day was between Miss Rhona Adalr,
British champion, and Miss Margaret Cur
tis of Boston. The cards:
Miss Adalr. out 50: in 54—104.
Miss Curtis, out 52; in 51—103.
Mrs. C. T. Stout, formerly Miss Gene
vieve Hecker, was pittec against Miss K.
Harley of Fall River. Both went out In 48.
At the fourteenth hole they were again
square, but Mrs. Stout, taking the next
three holes, two of them "in bogie," she
won the match.
Postofflce Examinations.
Regular annual Civil Service examina
tions for postofflce positions will be held
as follows: For San Jose and ' Stockton.
November IS; for Sacramento, November
19; for San Francisco and Oakland, No
vember 21. The last mentioned examina
tion will be held at 301 Jackson street.
this city. Apply to the secretary at 301
Jackson street, and for the other exam
inations to the auxiliary secretary at the
respective postofflces for forma 101 and
117. Form 101 must be filed at 301 Jack
son street prior to 4 p. m. of October 19.
INCRIMINATING LETTERS
ARE READ IN EVIDENCE
Sensation Sprung' in Case of Chicago
Horseman Accused of "Binging"
the Mare Aimless.
DETROIT, Mich., Oct. 8.— The examina
tion of Ed E. Farley, the Chicago horse
man, on the charge of "ringing" the
mare Aimless as Sarah Black at the
Grosse Polnte running meeting on June
1G, was begun to-day. The prosecution
created a. sensation by introducing two
letters to Billy O'Hara's turf speculation
syndicate offices In this city. In one of
the letters written at Xew Orleans In
March, 1902, it was said that a* mare had
been secured that could go three-quarters
of a mile in 1:13% and that she looked
like Sarah Black; that Sarah Black had
been put out of the way, and that thia
mare could be entered as Sarah Black at
the Roby track and a big killing be made
at the expense of the bookmakers.
The second letter, written from Little
Rock, stated that the mare was sick with
fever and that It would be Impossible to
ship her for some time. Both letters con
tained Injunctions to the receiver to be
sure to destroy them.
Justice Lemkie held Farley for trial and
fixed ball at $2500, which Farley was un
able to furnish. He was committed to
jail.
Theatrical Stars Play Ball.
The stars from the West Minstrel Com
pany at the California Theater and the
Florodora Company at the Columbia
played a 1 game of baseball at the Golden
Gate Park diamond yesterday afternoon
The minstrel men beat the light opera
singers by the close score of 33 to 31
after a sensational game. Dr. Newton*
.the Los Angeles pitcher, umpired. The
Stars made his life miserable while the
game was In progress.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 8.— The Retail Drur
gists' Association to-day elected B. E. Pritch
ard of McKeesport, Pa., president, and re
elected Secretary S. V. Wootten or Illinois.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 9. 1903.
8
ADVERTISEMENTS^
NOW READY
Spaldiasr'a Athletic Library Ho. 183
HOW M
TO PLAY oj0jP
FOOTBALL ¦ M>
Hew and Revised Edition
EDITED BY VVALTcR CAMP
The contents embrace every thing that
a beginner wants to know. Quarterback
Is described by De Saulles. formerly of
Yale; how to give signals la explained by
Ro«»kwen^nd Hogan of the Yale team,
with many diagrams; Lewis, the well-
known Harvard player, gives Instructions
In th« methods of defense, and William
T. Reid, the former Harvard fullback,
tells of the duties of the backs.
PRiCE 10 CENTS
For sale by all newsdealers, and
A.G. SPALDINQ & BROS.
57S Mission St., San Francisco,
New York. Chicago. Philadelphia. Boston, Buf»
falo, Baltimore, Denver, St. LcuU. Kansas
City. Minneapolis. Montreal. Can.
"Write for Spaldlng's complete Catalogue o€
Fall and Winter Sports. Fre« by "v*U.WIDOW. OF CAPITALIST WHOSE
WILL IS BEING' CONTESTED
BY RELATIVES..
WASHINGTON, Oct. 8.- A board of array
officer* has been selected to visit Hawaiian^
report to the War Department what U needed
la the way cf fortificatloM for th7 i«u»i ¦
No more delightful rior Inexpensive short trip
can be found than that to • Mill Valley, * Ross
Valley. Fairfax San Rafael or San Quentln. 1
See the new electric cars run without ¦ trolley.
14 to 16 trains daily in either direction, via
gausallto . Ferry (North Shore R. R.), Fare,
•>-.« *n tSh- round . Irin • .
A Day Well Spent.
Aged Man Bun Over.
Asa Waldott, an;aged man residing, at
1175 Bush street, was run down by a wag
on at Third and Market streets : yester-]
day afternoon and suffered several lacer
ated wounds and a fracture of the 'wrist
bone^ He was treated at the Emergency
Hospital. .
Fouls British' Ship.
While swinging the schooner; Helene yester
day afternoon off , Mdggs , wharf ' the tug Reli
ance fouled . the British ahip * Ky ranee, striking
her on i the port bow but i inflicting' no serious
* ' —» IIWii^l.HllUMroiWBfojraiUlliil!lfl»MJllJlJ)lBl
Sarah C. Gore, widow of James Gore,
sued the Order of Pendo /yesterday for
$2475, which she alleges the order owes
her on a life insurance policy. Gore was
a member of the order in Santa Rosa.
Widow Sues Order of Pendo.
In the United States District Court yes
terday the jury m the case of Jarae*
Tfioucas, charged with conspiracy to make
Fpurious coins, disagreed. It is said a
m^°l ity Was for conviction. The case
E!JL * V?**. u a * a ii n - The was
indicted by the Federal Grand Jury for
™% P £% r£« manufactu ™ counterfeit
ESr. n %t iOa Pat rtkioupoulou' and
George Pose. The two last named pleided
COttar and are serving lerms of one year's
imprisonment 5n»the Alameda and San
* raneisco county jails, rescectiveiy.
Federal Jury Disagrees.
Lincoln Camp No. 16 of the Sons of Vet
erans of the Grand Army of the Republic
will have a social dance in the assembly
hall of the "Pioneer building this evening,
under the direction of Monroe J. Orr, A.
A. McCoy, C. E. Montgomery and E. B.
Hussey the committee of arrangements,
with A. A. McCoy, as floor manager and
M. J. Orr as assistant
Sons of veterans.
Ned Brown of Redding has been held to
answer before the Superior Court for
having fresh salmon In his possession and
for using set nets. The. aggregate of pen
alties for these i two offenses is $300.
Justice of the Peace Mulvaney of Sutter
County has held Jeff Miles and A. S. Dln
waddie to answer before the . Superior
Court for. using set nets.
Deputy A. F. Lea arrested L.'E. Brans
comb In the wilds of Mendodno County,
last week. The sportsman was' taken be
fore Justice of the Peace Connors at
Westport, and as that official seemed re
luctant to do anything Lea took his man
thirty miles across country to Laytonvllle,
where Justice Braden heard the case and
fined Branscomb $25. Vogelsang ., states
that the Fish Commission has been in
strumental in the recent removal' of Con
nors from -the office of Justice of the
Peace. »r ; .^r '.:*',. -¦';;.
Chief Deputy Fish Commissioner
Charles A. Vogelsang reports that the of
ficers of the board are spreading terror,
to the hearts of the game law violators
throughout the State. , The convictions
during tfte last three months are- more
than treble the number for the corre
sponding period last year,
v Deputy W. B. Huestls arrested Edward
Coleman in Humboldt County Wednesday
for violating the quail law. Justice of the
Peace Sowash of Loleta fined the offender
$25 yesterday. , | '
Violators of Game Laws Axe Being
Apprehended in All Parts of
State.
Alumni Association of St. jj Ignatius
College Spends an Enjoyable and
'*¦ Instructive Evening.
The annual banquet of the Alumni As
sociation of. St. Ignatius College, In the
Maple Room 1 of \ the Palace Hotel last
night, afforded the graduates of the
Hayes-street institution a most enjoyable
evening. It was also an instructive one,
for speeches were delivered by rArch
bishop Montgomery, Rev. J. P. Frieden,
Peter F. Dunne, Joseph S. Tobin, George
A; Connolly and 3: F. Sullivan. Dr. A. H.
Giannini presided. :
Following Is the list of those who were
present:
Archbishop Montgomery, Rev. J. P. Frieden,
Dr. A. P. • Oiannini,\ J. F. Sullivan, P. P.
Dunne, F. C. Cleary, Joseph S. Tobin, George
Connolly, J. E. ': Fltzpatrlck, A. M. Whittle,
Harry Sullivan. Dr. J. Gallagher, Dr. T. E.
Bailey, Jesse Bryan, . Rev. Joseph Gleason, Ed
Banning. , O. Rouleau, J. E. Barry, "W. A.
Breen, F. Barrett, A., Artlgues, Rev. H. Whit
tle, J Murphy, A. G. Cleary, F. Churchill, L.
Lcnnon, E. Foley, W. Golden, S. Rlley, L.
Ryan. C. W, Callashan, Dr. J. A. Hughes,
Dr. ' C C. - Mohun, J. F. Brooke, L. Luby, J.
Bluxome, E. Hoffman, B. McKlnley, J. Coffey.
E. O*I>ay, F. Fenton, Percy Hennessey, O. K.
McCann/ H. B. Moynlhan, T. t W. Hlckey, Matt
I. Sullivan, R. P. Doolan, J. . Hicks. E. Laa
tretto, John T. Fogarty, George Kavanagh,
F. Falrchild, L. F. ' Walsh, ; F. Jung, Rev. R.
Bell (S. . J.),-Dr.' A. Keenan, E. P. Shortall.
J. A. Mulrenini Joseph Kelly, Thomas O'Brien;
F- J. McAullffe. Dr. J. F. Smith, Dr. Cagllerl.
Harry M. Kelly, ? T. • I. Fltzpatrlck, Dr. B.
McElroy, • J.* Campodonlco, Judge A. J. Fritz,
Luke FlynD, C.Bricca and Eustace Culllnau.
Falls on a Knife.
fcyron Warren, a butcher employed, !n
the-Spreckels market, fell on a knife yes
terday afternoon and an' ugly; gash in tho
thigh resulted.'; He was removed to the
Emergency Hospital/where his wound
was dressed.
Long .Time in Port."
• The British": ship Neville, which cleared yes
terday' for Cape ; Town by ' way of Chematnua,"
has been in port since June 9, s 10O2.JB«MMg
, .WASHINGTON, Oct.* > &— The torpedo-boat
Pahlgren has been docked at Greenpolnt, L.. L,
to , repair the " damage ' done '. by the • submarine
toruedo-boat } Soark \ ve«t«rdav. -.;•;¦;
"Ward leaves Estate to Sister.
The will of Lewis Peck Ward, a printer,
who committed suicide a few days ago,
was filed for probate yesterday. He
leaves his estate to his sister, Mrs. Hor
ace Candee, of Syracuse, N. Y.
Rev. F. M. Larkin. D. D., will deliver
a free lecture on the Yosemite Valley at
the Young Men's Christian Association
auditorium this evening. It will be Illus
trated by numerous stereoptlcon views.
The public is Invited to be present
Lecture on Yosemite.
The handicap singles tournament to be
.yilayed on the public courts In Golden
Gate Park on Sunday will be the largest
"ever held in the West. One hundred and
four players entered, by far the largest
t'r.try ever known in this part of the
country.
The men who are the most heavily han
dicapped are J. D. MacGavIn, Will Al
len. R. N. Whitney and Grant Smith.
They will play from "15 and 2-6" back of
scratch. George Baker will be at "owe
J»-6 of 15." The players drew as follows:
Preliminary round — C. VT. Carpenter X15 4-C)
.-vs. T>. M. Lemon (15); K. Marr (3-C) vs. L.
1». Roberts OS --«>; U. 1/ rig (3-C) vs. Dr.
Lovegrove U5 4-C); G. K. Bates (3-6) vs. E.
IV. Hall <ir. 2-C); A. M< Farland (15 2-6) vs.
11. Mar.n (scratch); A. Wilson (15 2-€) vs. O.
l'.f-yfus* <ir>>; J. A. Code (scratch) vs. L. Gunst
<;.". 4-«;t; C. J. I>yn!ai) <owe 2-6) \-»; It. N'.
¦>*¦>¦ ir-i^v u-,v.c ITiS-O); F. J. Schocneman
<!• 4-C) vs. M. A. Edwarts (15 4-6); F. Web
t.-: <».'•) vs. C. G. Kufbn <3-«>: L. Joseph
«!3 4-<;j vs. G. 1.. Uakfr (ow 5-C): L.. C
JV;zarth (IB 2-0) v?. J. B. A<5amg (15); F.
h'liiuwwi US 2-*;) vs. j. f. Brady (15); N.
• Ambrr,>e (.scratch) ve. C. Griffin (owe 2-6);
11. McUane (15 4-6» vs. t E. M. Oti» (3-6); G.
M. Fmlih (owe 15 2-fi) \n. C. S. Quick (30);
M. Lor.* (15 2-6) va. & M. Boroutrh <15 4l6);
. J. K. Turner <W) vb. A. If, Donovan (15 4-€);
<•- C Barrc <15 2-«i) vs. C. S. Myrlck (13 4-6);
A.. Bfjfusp <3-(5) vg. S. Hamilton (15 4-6); F.
FherwcMd (4-H) vs. C. TV. TelW (3-6); J. M.
h.'Uatar (U 4-€) v*. F. Wollenberir (15 A-C);
W. H. Murphy (15 4-0) vs. Fred Seybolt
(!5-2-fi); IV. B. L+e (15 2-R) vs. Will Allen
(««r« 15 2-«>: T. D. Black (15 4-€) vs. T. L.
Allan <15 4-€); E. F. Leilich (15 2-C) vs. M.
' V. Kittl*. <30): E. P. Flnneran (3-«) vs. G.
FlnkeaataOt (15 2-C); C. Coleraan <15) vs. W.
Ji. Hlcbtowrcr (15 4-«); W. \V. Fuller (30) vs.
H. Rolte (scratch); B. McFarland (15 2-6) vs.
F. C A4am« (If.); C. Skagg^ (13 2-C) vs. F.
• W. (.f.rcTih (15 2-C); G. W. Burnett (15 4-6)
v*. F. N. JJaker (scratch); F. N. WIIrtis
(15 ••»-€) vc. w. W. McCoIlock <30); H. E.
Jlouth 'owe 2-(;> vs. E. C. Saul (30); E. Mora
<15 4-€) vs. i;. L Wheeler (15 2-6); F. W.
Pkinner (15 4 -¦;, VE . j. W. Ldllenthal (15 4-«);
Marian Ilntchkin* (scratch) vs. E. Turner
(15 4-C); J. I{_ Lrf-wi,, <3-6> vs. J. M. Baker
,<15 2-6); K. H. Martin (15 4-6) vs K L
Barne* OS 4-0); J. I). MacGavla (owe 15 2-C)
vs. C. Foley (.jcratr-h).
First round (UM>er half) — E. M. Twlgxa
(IT, 2-O vs. J. K. Hyan (15); G. II. Irvln*
(15 4-C) vb. H. lldlborn <:{n >; o L.ytton (15)
\f. B. Carlisle (15): R. Imilia (15) vs G L.
Hall (15 2-6); \V. H. Hgtajpii (ir, *-C) vs' H
Oeta (15 4r«); F. Wolfsobn (15 2-6) vs C E.
McDuffie (15 2-6). ] TV"
.First round (lower half)— D. B Cotton (30)
vs. P. C. Gayness (3-C); C. It. Prichard (15 4-6)
vs. H. Russe!! (owe 2-C): \V. O. FJnch (3-6)
x*. G. McGuM-in (15 2-C); Miller Hotchklss
<«rratch) vs. II. Fkinner (15 4-6); H. Gabriel
• <1. r .) v*. Georce Janes (scratch); F. S. Ilowell
<!.'> 2-€) vs. Le Roy Smith (4-6).
The California School of Mechanical
Arts held its annual tennis tournament
Ststerday for the school championship.
: The turnamer.t was held on the park
courts and ten players participated. The
event also determined who should rep
resent Uck in the academic tournament
next spring. Ray Wolfsohn carried -off
the honors and earned the right to chal
lenge Marlus Hotchkiss, the present
champion. The results In detail follow.
McMillan l*at Boobar, 6-4. 6-3; Randall beat
KoaenEhin*. 6-2. C-3; Hilt beat Handall. C-2
C't niw , rc% -. Ut Rodda . 6-«, 6-4; H&lloran
0-0; \\olfaohn beat Walker. C-3, C-l; Wolf
•ohn t*at Halloraa. (i-2, 3-6. 6-0, 6-0; Xaylor
• • defaulted in th* eemi-flnals.
tennis tournament draws
eecoed-beeaxing' entry
One Hundred and Four Players to
Compete in a Handicap on the
Park Courts.
CHEER THEIR ALMA MATER
AT ANNUAL GATHERING
In that article It is stated that Mrs.
Knauer. who • was at that time Maria
Herkner, had eloped with an undertaker
named Louis Schukiiecht, who left a wife
and two children behind him.
In the same article Charles J. Frank, a
prominent German of the Twenty-first
AVard, is alleged 4 to have stated that Mrs.
Herkner or Maria Rathke, which is said
to be her. right name, had eloped from
Germany a few years ago with Herkner,
who was at that time a lieutenant In the
German army, and eleven years her
junior.
While In Chicago Herkner ran away
with a woman named Peacock. Mrs.
Herkner chased the pair to New Tork,
but lost all trace of. them there. While
in that city she is reported to have fallen
Into tho good graces of Captain Liebe of
the Hamburg line. ¦
Later on, after she had returned to
Chicago, she is reported to have had an
escapade at a North Side riding academy,
where she is said to have used a horse
whip on several prominent Germans. I
A pleasing Incident Is related of a little
episode which occurred at an initiation
Into the Order of Mutual Protection, the
"Vorwaerts Lodge No. 137," where. In' the
course of the i meeting, Mrs. Herkner, in
a fit of Jealousy, threw a cuspidor at the
head of one of the women present.
Many other interesting anecdotes of a
similar nature are also quoted in the arti
cle from the Chicago paper.
A WOMAN WITH A PAST.
The past career of the woman was pub
lished fully In a recent issue of the, Chi
pago Inter Ocean. If the allegations are
true she is placed In an unenviable light.
FISH COMMISSIONERS
SHOW GREAT' ACTIVITY
.When the case Is brought Into court the
proceedings are certain to be of a more
or less sensational character.. ; .
Meantime the representatives of the
foreign heirs are scurrying here and there
trying to locate the woman who won the
old man's affections and incidentally his
money by her devout and assiduous at
tentions during the last three months of
his life. She was devotion Itself. Every
wish was anticipated and every whim was
catered to and the day he went on to the
operating table he made his final will,
cutting off all his blood relations and
leaving everything to the woman who had
been his wife barely two months.
By the will his entire fortune of some
thing more than $60,000 was left to her
and she was appointed sole executrix.
The estate was practically all personal
property. Attorney Pohll states that a
good portion was invested in San Fran
cisco and that about $30,000 was in fine
securities in the south. He also states
that the widow has collected in some
thing like $16,000 from the estate, which
amount she has in her possession now.
How much more of the collaterals she
has converted into cash he was unable
to say.
HEIRS HUNT WOMAN.
Attorney August Muenter, who repre
sents Mrs. Knauer, stated that he was
not sure where his client was.
Dr. Emil Steltzner of 1234 Geary street,
who was one of the attending physicians
during Knauer's illness, stated that Mrs.
Knauer was somewhere across the bay,
but that she was too 111 to be seen.
Attorneys Loewy and Gutsch and Emil
Pohll, who represented the interests of
the German contestants, have been en
deavoring for. two days to serve a cita
tion upon the defendant, but they have
failed to do eo because she cannot be
found. At her residence in Elmhurst word
was given put that Mrs. Knauer had
gone to San Francisco. This advice was
given by a young woman who stated she
was Mrs. Knauer's niece.
p 1 1 HE threatened exposure of the
|| methods alleged to have been used
I by Mrs. Marie Knauer to captl-
vate her ancient spouse, Ferdinand
Knauer, have temporarily received
a setback.
Work of building the new edifice will
now begin. It Is to be constructed of
stone and iron and will cost about $225,000
when 'completed. The contracts for the
various work' on' the nensr synagogue have
already been let. The plans were drawn
by Architect Albert Peters.
It Is expected that the new synagogue
will be completed in about ten months.
The funds for its construction have al
ready been raised, and only a few days
ago $149,000 was paid over to the contrac
tors for the brick, stone, iron, carpenter
and plumbing work on the structure.
Among those present at the breaking of
the ground yesterday 'morning were:
Rabbi Nieto, B. S. Davis, Charles Harris,
P. H. Roman, A. L. Badt. M. Samuels, B.
Mish, M. Spiro, B. Sheidman, M. Green,
A. Brown. M. Davidson,' M. Schlesinger,
Albert Peters and Wallace A. Wise.
' Ground" was' broken 'yesterday morning
for the new synagogue of the Congrega
tion Sherlth Israel, at Webster and Cali
fornia streets. There was no ceremony of
any kind, but many ! of the prominent
members of the congregation, including
Rabbi- Nieto, were present..
Sacred Edifice to Cost $225,000 and
Will Be Completed Within a
i Year.
GROUND IS BROKEN
FOR NEW SYNAGOGUE
ACCUSES HIS PARTNER OF
STRIKING AND BITING HIM
Samuel Creger Arrested on a Charge
of Assault "With a Deadly
Weapon.
Samuel Creger was arrested yesterday
afternoon by- Policeman Douglass on a
warrant charging him with ' an " assault
with a deadly weapon. He was .teleased
on $1000 bonds. The complalning^yitness
against him is J. W. Weinberg. *
Creger and Weinberg are partners in
the tailoring business at 584 -Geary street.
Weinberg alleges that they had some
words yesterday morning about the busi
ness and Creger, without saying a word
as to his Intention, seized hold of a pair
of shears from the cutter's table and
struck Weinberg a vicious blow on the
head.
"I was quite unprepared for the at
tack," said Weinberg, "and before I had
recovered from, the blow Creger pounced
upon me like a wild animal and buried,
h's teeth In my ear. I manged to shake
him off, when he got my fingers in hl3
mouth. and bit them to the bone."
Idaho Mining Case Argued.
The appeal brought by the Last Chance
Mining Company against the Bunker Hill
and Sullivan Mining and Concentrating
Company of Idaho was argued yesterday
before Judges Gilbert, Morrow and. Ross,
sitting as tho United States Circuit Court
of Appeals. W. B. Heyburn appeared
for the Last Chance and Curtis H. Und
ley for the Bunker Hill. A large num
ber of models were placed on view in the
courtroom for the purpose of Illustrating
the course of the ore bodies • in both
mines. The case in some of its many
aspects has been in the Court of Ap
peals for nearly two years.
The Associated Electrical and Mechan
ical Engineers held their semi-annual
banquet at the California Hotel last even-
Ing. The affair was largely attended and
was presided over by E. S. Abenheim.
Among the speakers of the evening were
P. Ligda, D. W. Blsbee, C. G. Noble, L.
W. Stocker. G. H. Arthur. H. S. Frank,
C. C. Thomas and C. L. Cory.
Engineers Hold Banquet.
The First Contribution.
Templar Lodge No. 17 of the Indepen
dent Order of Odd Fellows at Its meeting
last Tuesday night voted $100 as a contri
bution to a fund to be raised by the Odd
FellowB of this State for the entertain
ment of the Sovereign Grand Lodge, the
highest body of the order, when Its ses
sion 13 held in thi3 city next year. Tem
plar is the first local lodge to make a con
tribution to that fund.
Alice Williams brought a suit for sepa
rate maintenance against Arthur S. Wil
liams, to whom she was* married June 11,
1901. She charges that, though he earns
a salary of $112 a month, for the last year
he has not provided for her. She also
charges that he abandoned her last July.
Suits for divorce were filed by Florence
Percy Matheson against Alexander Mafh
eson for neglect, Dora Layevsky against
Isaac Layevsky for cruelty, Anna Pettlt
against Ross Pettlt for. neglect, Lulu
Friedlander against Isadore Friedlander
for neglect; Daisy C. Heywood against
William A. Heywood for neglect, Lillian
Alice Thornton against William Ivan
Thornton for desertion. Frank Thompson
against May Bell Thompson for Intemper
ance.
Interlocutory decrees of divorce were
granted to Jennie Broerswa from Magil
Broerswa for cruelty,' John Schram from
Helen Schram for desertion, Jennie R.
Scheller from Edward Scheller for deser
tion, and Egidlo Croce from Elvira Croce
for desertion.
OTHER TIES SEVERED.
She said that her husband was a
prominent club man of Boston. She mar
ried him In 1877. and bore him two chil
dren, one a daughter, who recently died,
and the other a son, now residing In New
York. She said it was in 1879 that her
husband first displayed his brutality. In
that year he gagged her with her pocket
handkerchief because she called upon
him to stop abusing their infant daugh
ter. From that time on, she said, he
abused her in various ways, even threat
ening to kill her and himself. She said
that though he Is a man of means he be
grudged her every cent and often^toM her
to go out and cam a living for herself.
She said he frequently answered her ap
peals for money by telling her that he
needed all he had for himself and other
women and that as he did not care for
her any more he did not see why he
Fhould have to support her. Every Fri
day afternoon, in the eighteen months
preceding the time she left him in October.
1901, said Mrs. Betteley, her husband left
her and did not return until Monday. In
response to her inquiries as to where he
had been he would tell her that it was
none of her business. She also testified
that he was very uncouth and used lan
guage in public that would humiliate her
and cause her great mental suffering.
She also said that he had a reputation as
a raconteur and would frequently relate
stories In her presence that would mor
tify her. As to his conduct at the hotel
kept by Colson, she said it was unbeara
ble and the source of public comment.
This part of her tale was corroborated
by Colson. as was also her testimony, to
the effect that Betteley would use foul
language toward Jier during the progress
of games of whist which were the com
mon amusements of the guests of the ho
teL
BETTELEY A CLTJB MAN.
When Mrs. Betteley appeared in Judge
Seawell's court yesterday she was attired
in black. Her tale of matrimonial unhap
piness was soon told, without any appear
ance of feeling except when the Judge
asked her why she remained with her
husband if he treated her so cruelly.
Then her voice broke and she sobbingly
answered, "Because I loved my children
and did not want anything like this to
happen until they were old enough to
care for themselves."
It appears from the testimony in both
cases that Colson was a hotel-keeper in
Boston. Mr. and Mrs. Betteley were his
guests. He was in consequence In a po
sition to know of Betteley's treatment of
h!s wife. And, of course, Mrs. Betteley
could notice how Mr. and Mrs. Colson
agreed and disagreed. That' neither miss
ed an opportunity was made evident dur
ing the trial of both suits, for Mrs. Bet
teley testified that she had frequently to
leave a whist game because of the con
duct of her husband, and Colson testified
that on many an occasion he gave up a
good hand because of his wife's interfer
ence.
WERE GUESTS OF COLSON.
Colson's suit was heard by Judge Mu
rasky a week ago last Saturday, and he
was given an interlocutory decree of di
vorce. Mrs. Betteley's 'suit was heard
yesterday bv Judge Seawell. She was
awarded an interlocutory decree. Now
the mere fact of two Boston people get
ting a divorce is not strange in San Fran
cisco. People from various parts of the
United States come here for release from
uncongenial mates and get it. But it
seldom happens that divorces are granted
under the condition3 that existed in the
Betteley suit and the suit of Colson. For
Mrs. Betteley furnished the necessary
corroborative evidence in the Colson suit,
and yesterday when Judge Seawell asked
for further testimony on. behalf of Mrs.
Betteley, Henri' Wyman Page Colson
took the witness stand and furnished the
testimony necessary to brand Betteley as
a cruel spouse.
COLSON GETS DIVORCE.
In staid old Boston there lived Henry
Wyman Page Coleon and his wife Louisa.
The hub of the universe was also the
abiding place of Albert C. Betteley and
his wife Georgina. Neither the Colsons
nor the Betteleys were happy, though
both couples possessed sufficient of this
world's goods to enable them to live at
expensive hotels. So Betteley's wife came
to this city and visited the office of At
torney Carleton W. Greene and retained
him as her attorney in her divorce pro
ceedings. Then Colson forsook the hub
and wended his way westward in search
of freedom from his irksome matrimonial
bonds. Strange to relate, he also retained
Attorney Greene, and that gentleman
drew up a complaint in which he charged
Mrs. Colson with being" cruel to her hus
band. He had previously .drawn up a
document in which he stamped Betteley
as a brutal spouse. And strangely, too,
in both complaints the game of whist
played an important part, though In the
relation of Colson's troubles Greene made
his client a physical* wreck mainly be
cause of Mrs. Colson's fondness for aged
and decrepit cats.
CLEVELAND. Oct. 8. — Wintry and
rainy weather made it Impossible to play
*ne of the two games here to-day be
tween the Cleveland Americans and Cin-
Hnnati team for the State championship.
The first game was a victory for Cleve
land by a score of 5 to 3 and the second
.Kame, which went only three innings,
*as called at that point because of dark
ress. with the score 2 to 1 in favor of
Cincinnati. Score:
R. II. E.
r-leveliind 5 6 3
¦«lncinr.atl 3 5 «
'JJattenes — I>onahue and Abbott; SudhofT and
Tcitz.
-' ST. LOUIS, Oct. 8. — The St. Louis
Americans defeated the fit. Louis Na
tionals in a onesided game. Jack Powell,
for the Americans, struck out fifteen of
tfie Nationals. Attendance 1200. Score:
R. H. E.
National* 3 7 6
Americans 11 17 2
lotteries — Sanders and Ryan; Powell and
CHICAGO, Oct. 8.— The American team
defeated the Nationals in easy fashion
to-day, as nearly all the South Eiders*
Kits counted, while those of the Nationals
were wasted, as far as run-getting was
concerned.-" Attendance 1100. Score:
It 11. E.
Nationals t....'..3 12 1
Amrricani 9 12 2
Jiaiuri^s— Taylor and Kl'.ng; White and Eul-
Pittsburg was unable to bunch the hits
until the seventh inning, when Sebring
and Phelp^ both made hits. Leaver's out
at first advanced them one base and both
scored en Beaumont's fine single to cen
ter. Clark's two bagger to left scored
Beaemont. Leach went out on a fly to
Etahl. Dineen then sent Wagner and
Bimr.sf.e'.d to first on balls, filling the
bi!.*es. Ritchie was unable to bring them
in. going out. Parent to Ferris, retiring
the tide. Attendance 11,550.- Score:
R. H. E.
Tittsburg 3 10 3
IJcrton C 10 1
IJatteries — L**ver and Phelps; Dineen and
Cr'.ger.
" PITTSBURG, Oct. S.— That the enthu
siasm in. the world's baseball champion
ship scries has not abated to any extent,
was thown when a large attendance
turned out to witness the third game,
although high western winds made it
rather uncomfortable for the spectators.
I?oston won 6 to 3. Ground rules were
f.gain adopted allowing three bases for a
bit Into the overflow in the outfield. The
heavy rain of last night and early this
morning softened the playing field some
v.hat, but this did not Beem to handicap
the . players, as some very fast fielding
was done by both teams. Leever and
Dineen «Jid the pitching and each allowed
ten hits. The batting and base running
of Beaumont and the fielding of Parent
were features. In the fifth Boston made
two runs on Stahl's triple. Parent getting
lirst by being hit with a pitched ball,
Ftrris' single and Wagner's wild throw
to the plate. The last run came in the
seventh. After Freeman had struck out
Parent hit to the ropes for three bases
and scored on La Chance's double to left.
The benediction which concluded the
session was given by the moderator, the
Rev. J. George Gibson. A. ' •;,*„.
I One of , the most interesting of the lec
tures was given by Captain Luke Blckel
last Tuesday evening on. "Gospel Work
on th6 Inland Sea of Japan," in which
Captain Bickel explained the tremendous
amount of good accomplished In that
country and 'the devotion displayed by "the
Japanese in the church work.
Yesterday afternoon's meeting opened
with a Bible reading by the Rev. Thoma3
P. Boyd and the report on State mis
sions and address by the Rev. E. R. Ben
nett. Following the report by the Rev.
Mr. Bennett was j a conference on "The
Coming Year" and "Better Prayer, Meet
ings" by -the Rev. M. Slaughter.
, Last evening's meeting was devoted
principally to the young people's socie
ties. The meeting was conducted .by Miss
Adams of the. Twenty-third Avenue
Church of San Francisco. Miss Adams
afterward -led a large choir of boys in
the 'hymn '"Nearer, My God, to Thee,"
which was roundly applauded by the con
gregation. -
¦ Mr. Thomas, representing the Sacra
mento Baptist Church's Young People's
Society, illustrated the loyalty, hope and
confidence that the young people feel in
the church, after which the Rev. Robert
Whitaker explained what the church
wanted of the yourfg peqp^ and why they
were necessary to the welfare of the
church.
The i closing meetings ¦'¦ of the , twenty
third annual session of the San*Francisco
Baptist Association were held Jn the
First Baptist Church of .San^ Francisco
yesterday afternoon and last evening. ,
i The convention has been held in cele
bration of the twenty-third anniversary
of the'society's organization, and the va
rious meetings for the last three days
have been well attended. .The addresses
have all been made by the foremost mem
bers of the Baptist church, many of
whom have come from the different large
cities of the State to participate In the
exercises. .
.The body of land In question is a well
known deposit of anthracite coal. It was
exploited by an English company and is
considered to be one of the largest de
posits on the continent- Kinley & KinJey
are attorneys for the plaintiff.
About six months ago. when the de
fendants went down to Mexico and took
possession of the premises, there was a
title dispute, and some holders, it Is
claimed, got some Taqui Indians to make
a raid upon the adverse claimants, which
was done, and, several miners were killed.
The purpose of this suit Is to establish
the liability of the directors personally by
reason of the alleged fraudulent transac
tion; and it is further alleged in the com
plaint that the ultimate epd of the de
fendants is to oust the present bondhold
ers and repurchase from this Mexican
company at a lower figure.
There are about $700,000 worth of bonds
outstanding held by Senor Garcia, Gov
ernor of Sonora. and others and this suit
is prosecuted on behalf of. these bond
holders.
It is alleged that the defendants, with
a fraudulent design to defeat the value
of these bonds and defraud the bondhold
ers, forfeited this coal estate by reason
of the non-compliance with their contract
of purchase and as a result the bonds be
came valueless.
The transaction aa stated In the com
plaint grows out of the sale of the Com
panla Exploradora" de Terrenos Car
boniferos en Sonora, a Mexican company,
owning 2,496,600 acres of coal land in the
state 'of Sonora, Mexico, through a pro
moter, C. P. Eagan, to the defendants,
who formed a corporation known as the
Mexican Anthracite Coal Mining Com
pany, and thereupon the latter company
capitalized itself at $1,500,000 and issued
first mortgage bonds upon the property,
setting out that it was the owner of all
this coal property and floated bonds on
the market. Among others who came
into possession of the bonds was George
Jackson, the plaintiff, who owned to the
extent of $70,000. ,
A suit was filed yesterday In the United
States Circuit Court for the Northern
District of California by George W.
Jackson against Alvinza Hayward, H. G.
Stevenson, J. D. Arnold, A. J. Ulman and
Charles D. Lane, as directors of the Mex
ican Anthracite Coal Mining Company,
and in their Individual capacities, and
the Mexican Anthracite Coal Mining
Company and the Mercantile Trust Com
pany of this city.
The local executive committee having
charge of the preliminary arrangements
consists of 'William Alvord. J. K. Wil
son, R. M. Welch, I. Steinhart. Lovell
White, Homer S. King, J. K. Lynch. I.
W. Hellman Jr.. A. H. R- Schmidt, F. E.
Beck, F. B. Anderson, F. J. Symmes, A.
Sbarboro and F. W. Zeile.
Copies of the official programme for the
coming convention, prepared In New York,
were received at the headquarters of the
local committee of bankers by Assistant
Secretary Colburn yesterday. .. Among the
speakers on the set programme and their
topics are the' following:
"The Currency." by ¦William B. Rldgley.
Comptroller or the Currency, and Homer S.
King, president of the Wells-Fargo Bank of
San Francisco: "The Money Supply of the
United States," by J. K. McAshan. cashier of
the South Texas National Bank, - Houston.
Tex • "Education of Bank Clerks." by J. B.
Finley. president of the Fifth. National Bank
of Pittsbure. Pa.; "Effects of the Inflow of
Gold," by Ellis H. Roberts. Treasurer of tho
United States.
The delegates to the convention of the
American Bankers* Association wilt be on
the way to this city next week. Special
Pullman trains are advertised to start
on Wednesday next. By the evening of
Saturday, October 17, the presence of the
men of money from the East will be
manifested. Secretary Branch will be at
the headquarters in the Palace Hotel on
the ISth. The first special train to ar
rive will probably be the one bringing
the bankers from Ohio. The course of
registration has proceeded far enough in
this city to make It possible to supply
with certainty the names of some of the
more prominent bankers who are coming.
On the sure list are the following, all of
whom are members of the executive coun
cil of the American Bankers' Association:
Caldwell Hardy, president; F. G. Blgelow.
Milwaukee; Lyir.an J. Gage, president of th«
United States Trust Company of New York,
former Secretary of the United States Treas
ury Department: Logan C. Murray, president
of the American National Bank ot Louisville.
Ky. ; Charles Parsons, president of the Stat*
National Bank of 6t. Louis; Morton McMlch
ael. vice president of the First National Bank
of Philadelphia; M. M. AVhite. president fit the
Fourth National Bank ot Cincinnati; Robert
J. Lowry, president of the Lowry National
Bank of Atlanta, Ga. ; Joseph C. Hendrtx.
president of the National Bank of . Commerce
in' New York: George H. Russell; president
of the State Savings Bank at Detroit, Mich.;
Walker Hill, president of the American Ex
chansca Bank of St. Louis: Alvah Trow bridge,
president of the Registration and Trust Com
pany of New York: Myron T. Herrlck. presi
dent of the Society of Savings, Cleveland,
Ohio; "William M. Hill. Wchmqpd, Va.; James
"WiUock. Plttsbura; W. L. Mayer, New lark:
C. A. Pugsby. Peekskill, N. Y.: Kenneth
Clark, St. Paul, Minn.; G. W. Bolton. Alexan
dria, La.: J. P. Huston. Marshall. Mo.; F. W.
Hayes, Detroit, Mich.; K. L. Mayer, Hutch
lnson, Kans. : John T. Desinukes. St. Augus
tine. Fla.; John L. Hamilton. Hooperstown,
111 • J. J. Sullivan, Cleveland, Ohio; Ralph
Van Vechten, Cedar Rapids, la.; J. R- Mc-
Allister, Philadelphia; James G. Brown, Ra
leigh N. C: P. C. Kauffman. Tacoma: James
M Donald. New York: E. F. Swinney, Kan»»
City F H. Fries. Winston, N. C. ; William
G Mather. Cleveland, Ohio; D. Sloan, Lona
co'ning, Md.; W. T. Fenton, Chicago: John
Skelton AVilllams, Richmond, Va.; Luthf
Drake, Omaha: A. H. Wlggln, New York:
A. V. Lane, Dallas. Tex.; A. A. Crane, Min
neapolis, Minn.; C. L. Farrell. Chicago.
She Corroborated His Tale
of Woa in His Suit
for Divorcs.
Rain Softens the Field, but
Players Do Not Mind
the Slush.
Large Congregation Attends
Final Exercise.3 of the
¦Kv' Convention.
Executive Council Members
Are All Booked to .
Make Tour.
Certain Bondholders Sue the
Directors of Mexican
Mine. -
Henry Colson Testifies
on Behalf of Mrs.
Bettetey.
Defeats the Pittsburgs
After an Interesting
Contest.
Twenty -Third Annual
. Session Draws to a
Close.
Special Trains to Move
%r Westward During
Next Week.
Alvinza Hayward and
Other Mining Men .
Defendants.
BOSTON PEOPLE
AID EACH OTHER
CHURCH GIVES
ANNIVERSARY
BOSTON TAKES
ANOTHER GAME
BANKERS ABOUT
READY T0 START
FRAUD ALLEGED
IN COAL DEAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1903.
Masseuse Who Is Accused of Getting Old
Man's Money .by Fraud Cannot Be Located
Although Diligent Search Has, Been Made
ANXIOUS LAWYERS FAIL
TO FIND MARIE KNAUER
9
ADVERTISEMENTS. __^___«^_.
KfjJ £3 ipj" To %Jf wV ¦ ' mW 9m mm^^ I * *m m 1 I
Kl a 5) J. A Jl v/ Xv, t' * 1 •» 111 \ BE8^ "* 1 \ Jj * »>* 1
¦unl - ' 'v 1' .'t ** • t?]f*^ •*? *' __ H % V ' ' w m * m * t
. EJyj -, « I'. «B -\^ J '* ff m Hal
rm X, _ ill ?*• |^% y*^ fr^*^ W^\ f* \* ' KM % Sm 1
j SaVe the "Bands T^ |United States Coast and Geodetic , Survey—
¦Time and Heights of High . and ,Low
Waters at Fort Point. - entrance to San
. - Francisco . Bay. - Published : by official au
' • thority of the -Superintendent. -*.
NOTE — THe high and low water* occur ¦ at
the : city ' front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later . than " at Fort . Point; ' the height
of tide is the game at both places.-
j; FRIDAY,; OCTOBER 9.
Sun rises ' 0 : 12
Sun Bets ."; . .'. ... .'.".'.'.. . . ....... ..... . . ....6:41
Moon rises ..;.............; '. . • .7 :49 p.' m.
0 iTlme] • iTlmel jTlmel ITIme :•••'/
¦ S'l 1 Ft. I 1 Ft. I 1 Ft. I Ft.
? |H-W|. .]L W| |H W| " |LW ,
~9~ 1:33 4.8 6:37 2.2 12:50 6.4 7:22 0.1
10 2:27 '4.6 ; 7:20 , 2.6 1:30 :5.3 8:15 ' 0.1,
11* 3:27 ;4.5 8:12 -2.8 2:17 5.2 9:14 0.2
12 4:S0 ¦ 4.5 0:17 3.1 3:28 6.1 10:16 0.3
13 5:3."> 4.0110:30 3.1 4:26 4.9 11:24 > 0.4
14 I 6:36| t" 4.7111:56 ~2.9| C:43| 4.8 :...;: :...:
I NOTE^ — In; the above .exposition; of the. tides
tho : early morning > tides ; are ¦ given In ; the ' left
hand : column and : the successive , tides of the
day in, the order. of occurrence as to time; the
fourth ' time column gives the last , tides - of the
day," except when there < are 'but three tides, • as
sometimes • occurs.'- - ; The ' heights ' given .; are - ift
addition to ; the soundings of . the United ; States
Coast Survey I charts, except , when a' minus ', ( — ) j
sign precedes; the height,' and then- the number'
. given . Is - subtracted from ' the depth :- given by
" Thursday, October S.
Stmr Ventura, Haywards, Honolulu and Syd
ney. ¦ : '¦ ¦ ..¦"¦• : ' ¦ '• ; — -•¦ . ;
Stmr Chehalls, • Front ron, San ¦ Pedro. ,',.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nicolson, ¦ San ' Pedro. -
Etmr State of California, Thomas, San Diego.
Stmr Umatilla. . NcDander, Victoria, etc. ~'V
Stmr San Matea. ' Ross, , Tacoma.
* : Stmr' Rosecrana, Johnson, Honolulu.
• Stmr • Phoenix, . Odland, . Mendoclno. u .
Strar Centralla, * Erlckson, . Graya Harbor." :
•"; Stmr \ Noyo, ' EUef sen, •¦ Fort : Bragg. , »
SAILED.
CLEARED. • .
Thursday, ¦ October 8.
Stmr Roeecrans, Johnson, ' Honolulu ; and
Hilo; J D Sj>reckels & Bros Co. •
Stmr Ventura, , . Haywards, Honolulu and
Sydney; J DSpreckels 4; Bros Co.
•j : Stmr tJmatllla, Nopander, Victoria and way
ports; Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Br stmr Heathdene, Milburn. Tacoma; Eddy
Falk and American : Trading Co. ¦ • '
Br eh<j> Nivelle, McMillan, Cape , Town,", via
Chemainus; Meyer, Wilson & Co. -,,' ¦....¦>
; Fr- bark Emma "Laurans, David, Queens
town; A B Costigan.
* . Thursday, October 8.
Stmr Point Arena, Miller, 14 hours from
Mendoclno.
Stmr Corona, Johnson, 20 hours from Ku
reka.
• Stmr National City, Hammar, 15 hours from
Fort Bragg. '
Stmr Whltesboro, Fosen, IB. hours from
Greenwood; up river direct
Stmr Centralia t Erlckeon, 39 hours from San
Pedro. Ii}rTCfl|Lj~r M f:i;ij
Etmr Edith, Hall, 120 hours from Beattie.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Gielow.v 10 hours from
Mots Landing.
Stmr San Jose, Brown, 22 days . 16 hours 28
minutes from Panama, via Mazatlan 6 days
13 hours 48 minutes.
Stmr Noyo, Ellefsen, 38 hours from , Re
dondo. V
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 40 hours from
San Diego. .' •
Stmr Glpey, Leland. 24 hours from Monte
rey. . .¦¦¦.- •. - - .
Bark Prussia, Jensen. 11 days from Port
Blakeley. :•.••-. , " ' ¦ "
Schr Helene, Christenson, 12 days from Port
Hadlock.
Schr Ida A, Beck," 5 hours from Point Reyes.
Shipping Intelligence.
AltRIVKD
Sun, -Moon and Tide.
G. N. aicLAREN of the
//^ British Efclp "Wcmyss Bay. which
IV^ was wrecked September 16 at
ilazatlan, arrived here yesterday,
a passenger oa the Pacific Mail
Company's steamer San Jose. The crew
returned on a previous steamship. Before
Captain McLaren left Mazatlan the
"Wemyss Bay had completely disappeared.
After the crew left her, she broke her
Lack on the rocky beach and a few days
later was swallowed in the quicksands of
Mazatlan harbor.
Captain McLaren •witnessed the de
struction, at Mazatlan, on September 26,
of the Danish bark Clara with all hands. I
The Clara, like the Wemyss Bay, was
resting at anchor when a terrific hurri
cane swept in from the Bea. Gradually
the gallant bark was driven toward tha
recks, and when darkness fell was al- 1
ir.ost within striking distance. The last
Ecene of the tragedy was hidden from the.
watches ashore by the curtain of night.
When day dawned the bark had disap
peared. The harbor waters were covered
with wreckage and the beach strewa
¦with the bodies of the men whose floating
home had been shattered in the conflict
Among those that died when the Clara
¦went to pieces was a Mexican custom
house inspector, who had gone aboard in
the line of his regular duty. When the
gale assumed threatening aspects, but
while a boat could still live in the waters
of the harbor, the Inspector's wife paid
a boatman $100 to row to the Clara and
her husband ashore. The harbor
master ordered the boat back, saying that
the inspector's watch would not be over
until 6 o'clock, and until that hour he
must remain on guard. By 6 o'clock the
Clara was being swept shorewards by a
howling hurricane and the sending of
help was beyor.d human possibility.
Captain McLaren declares the hurricane
to have been one of the fiercest he has
6een in a long- life on the waters. At
the time the Clara was destroyed the
steamship Limar.tour was driven on the
rocks, but was subsequently floated. The
press dispatches placed the loss of life
at twenty-five, but acording to Captain
McLaren only sixteen lives were lost
when the Clara went down.
May Award Contract To-Morrow.
Mayor Schmltz yesterday attended the special
meeting called by the Harbor Commissioners
for the consideration of bids for the construc
tion of 600 feet of new seawall. The Atlantic,
Gulf and Pacific Company's bid of $110,100 was
the lowest and to that concern probably will
be awarded the contract Engineer Norton's
estimate of the expense of the work was about
$10,000 lower than the lowest bid, and it is
possible that all bids may be rejected. Against
this John McMullen. representing the lowest
bidder, made a vigorous protest, affirming that
the bid of his company, and, in his opinion,
all the other bids had been made on a strictly
business basis and without collusion. The
Mayor wa3 not prepared yesterday to give his
consent to the awarding of the contract, but
promised to attend a meeting at 1 o'clock to
morrow prepared to act either one ¦»&>* or the
other.
San Jose Arrives.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamship San
Jose. Captain G. W. Brown, arrived yesterday
from Panama and way ports. She brought
twenty-six passengers. 032 tons of cargo and
treasure valued at $18,012. Her passengers In
cluded the following named: ,
H. C. Welnphal. H. Dankert, Francis Osorno,
C. Morenes, R. Marenes, I. Marenes, J. R.
Chandler and. wife. Mary Grimm. Miss Enni
and Percy Davidson. F. Martinez, Mrs. I. H.
de Reynard and two daughters. Captain George
M. McLaren.
Ventura Sails for Antipodes.
STie Oceaalc Steamship Company's liner Ven
tcra sailed yesterday for Honolulu and the
Antipodes with a large and valuable cargo and
passenger* as fo'Iows:
Fcr Hor.olulu— R. B. Anderson. John T.
mndel. C. E. Bard. Mrs. Bard. C. H. Bent
;-. Mrs. C. H. Bentley, Mrs. Alice Black. Miss
..vc- Clack. J. A. Black. Mrs. S. K. Damon.
I. Deacon. Miss A. M. Dletz, R. H. Goodale
<;. C Guttner. Mrs. Guffner. H. A. Isenberg';
.Ir». Irenberg. two children, nurse and maid-
H. F.- Isenberg;. T. W. Jetley. Mrs. Jetley. J.'
H. Jufid. J. J. Sullivan. W. H. Sufh. Mrs E
Swank. J. L. Bwar.k. H. C. Kellogg, F. Klamp'
Mrs. Klamp. Mrs. G. N. Lawrence. Mrs. J J
McDonald. Master McDonald. J. Michaels a"
W. Pearson. Mrs. Pearson. H. E. Pocock *I1ss
?. Potter, MIfs A. E. Potts. Miss E. C Pott«
A. S. Prescott. William Rategran. Mrs. W h'
Hire. F. B. Richardson. Mrs. Richardson ani
'liild. G. O. Ruffner. Mrs. Ruffner. Miss S. A
Smith, 3. g. Pr'-tzT. T>>roy Thomas. W. Q.
Gifford Is Still on Beach.
Nothing was done yesterday toward the float
ing of the stranded British bark Gifford on
account of the heavy surf. The rate of re
insurance was advanced to 00 per cent and,
although Captain Alexander Woodslde and
Captain Metcalfe still express hopes of saving
the vessel,' the general opinion of the local
chipping world seems to be that the GIfford
will never leave the beach except in pieces.
Up to the present however, the vessel aRpears
to be In good condition and fine weather might
yet enable the salvers to get her off.
Beinsurance' Advances.
The rate of reinsurance on the Flnsbury was
advanced yesterday to S5 per cent, the Corolla
was marked uj> to 70 per cent and the St.'
Mungo raised to 15 per cent —
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
,- Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The 'German steamer Elba- (2834 ; tons) is
chartered for wheat from Portland to two or
three ports in Japan. The ' British steamer
Lytton (1834 tons) was chartered prior to ar
rival for lumber from Puget Sound to Port
Pine at 33s 9J.
GTain for. Euro-
The French bark Emma Laurans was cleared
yesterday for Queenstown for orders with 57,053
ctls barley valued at ?72.000 and 8059 ctls
wheat valued at $350. The vessel also had
25.000 feet lumber as dunnage valued at $350.
Lumber for South Africa.
The British ship Nivelle wa* cleared yes
terday for Car* * Town via Chemaiaug with
33,107 feet redwood lumber valued at $1150.
The Ventura's Cargo.
1 The Oceanic Steamchlp* Company's- Ventura
TO ARRIVE.
. Steamer. From. Due.
Alliance Portland. & Way Ports. Oct. 3
Del Norte.... Crescent City ;.. Oct. 9
Arizonan N. .Y. via Pt. Los Ang.. Oct. »
Queen Puget Sound Ports Oct- 0
Honita Newport & Way Ports. Oct. d
North Fork... Humboldt Oct. «
Eureka ... Humboldt f.... Oct. 0
Arcata Coos Bay & Pa. Orford. Oct. 10
Rival Willapa. Harbor ..(Oct. 10
Redondo .. Humboldt '. .vi. ..|Oct. 10
S. Barbara... Seattle & Olympia Oct. 10
F. H. Leggett Humboldt Oct. 11
Chas. Nelson.. Portland & Astoria..... Oct. 11
Arctic Humboldt Oct. 11
laqua'... -.;... Humboldt .... . Oct.. 11
Pomona...... Humboldt lOct. 11
Siberia....... China & Japan .Oct. 11
Argo.... Eel. River Port* lOct. 11
-Mlneola Tacoma |Oct. H
Corona do. . Grays Harbor .|Oct- 12
Chico ¦. Coqullle River-. Oct. 12
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts.. Oct. 12
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Oct. 12
Centennial.... Seattle & Tacoma |Oct. 13
San Pedro Grays Harbor ..|Oct. 13
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts..|Oct. 13
Alameda Honolulu. -. Oct. 13
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports |«">ct- 14
Corona Humboldt ..jOct. 14
Santa Rosa... San Diego' & Way Pts..|Oct.,15
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena. |Oct. 15
Barracouta... New York via Panama. (Oct. 15
Uarda Seattle |Oct. 15
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom Oct 15
Mearta Hamburg & Way Ports. Oct. 17
Isis... Seattle Oct 17
Columbia. Portland & Astoria Oct. 17
Mariposa Tahiti Oct. IS
' TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. ~~ Sails. Pier.
October -9.
Czarina. Coos Bay, direct..'.. 12 . m Pier 8
S. Portland Astoria & Portland 6 pm Pier 2
Newburg... Grays Harbor...... 4 pm Pier 10
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor.. ;. pier
October 10.
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor. ..... 4 pm Pier 2
Corona Humboldt ......:. 1:30 p Pier ' 9
Redondo.... Los Angeles Ports. 3 pm Pier 2
S.Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. 0 am Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena-. 4 pm Pier 2
Columbia.. Astoria <fc PortlandlU am Pier 24
City Para.. N. T. via Panama. |12 m Pier 40
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos Bay I 5 pm Pier 16
October 11. .-!
C. Nelson... Los Angeles Porte. |10 am|PIer 2
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
S. Rosa . San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 10
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
October 12. <- ;
Bonlta..... Newport & Way Pts 8 am Pier 19
N. Fork.... Humboldt ....*.... 5 pm Pier 2
• October 13. .
Arcata..... Coos B.& Pt.Orford 10 am Pier 13
Argo....... Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Queen...... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier D
Rival...... Willapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 2
October 14. f I —
Chico...... Coquille River f 6 pmlPier 2
Arctic Humboldt ,..| 5 pm|Pler 10
-. October -15. .
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 8 am Pier 19
Coronado... Grays Harbor...... 4 pm Pier 10
N.'Maru.... China & "Japan... 1 pm Pier 40
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
October 1O. I .| - , -
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. I 9 amlPier 19
:• a-? October 17. - i
San Jose... N. Y. via Panama. 12 '*m Pier 10
Alameda . . . Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Californian. New York ........ S pm Pier 23
October 18. .
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. . Sails.
Dlrigo... Skagway & Way Ports Oct 9
Oregon....... Nome ¦ .'.'...:.......... Oct 10
Humboldt.'... Skagway & Way Ports Oct. .11
City Topeka.. Bkagway & Way Ports Oct- 13
Farallon.- Skagway & Way Ports Oct ; 14
Cottage City. . Skagway & Way Ports Oct . 14
Santa Ana.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Oct 16
Al-Kl :,...... Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. It,
City Seattle... Ekagway & Way Ports Oct. 20
Nome City Cooks Inlet & Way Pt* Oct. 22
To Fanning Island — i cs canned goods.
In addition to the merchandise cargo the
steamer carried a shipment of treasure consist
ing of $500 in United States gold coin, con
sirned to Honolulu.
To FIJI Islands — 149 cs canned goods, 54 cs
2 pkgs salmon, 6 bxs . fresh fruit, 39 cs table
preparations. 10 pkgs groceries and provisions
1025 lbs dried fruit, 3 cs meals, 15 crts onions,
1 cs dry goods.
To Friendly Islands — 5 cs drugs, 1 cs syrup,
I" cs alcohol.
To South Africa — CO cs canned fruit and 4
cs machinery.
To Noumea — 15 cs -canned goods.
To Australia— 37.735 lbs 9 pkgs raisins, 34.3C5
lb g dried fruit. 231 cs canned goods, 6030 pkga
fresh fruit, 22C3 cs canned salmon. C25 half
bbls pickled salmon, 59.428 lbn hops. 53,850
lbs codfish, 3090 lbs coffee, 500 lbs shrimps,
25 crts onions. 511 ctls corn, 100 kegs acid, 22
bales leather. 96 pkga agricultural "Implements,
6 bales overalls. 247S lbs solder. 22 bales hose,
750 bdls shinsrles, 60 bbls lubricating oil, 51
cs paints, 70 rolls Daper, 25 cs scales, 11 cs
dry goods, 3073 lbs seeds, 152 pkgs machinery.
64 pkgs sewing machines, 99 pkgs bicycles and
sundries, . 88 cs boots and shoes, 1 j cs hats,
2000 bales cordage, 296 pkgs drugs and sun
dries.
.To New Zealand— 190,201 lbs 37 pkgs raisins,
115,002 lbs dried fruit, 2702 cs canned salmon
S50 pkgs fresh fruit, 2476 cs canned fruit. CS
cs assorted canned goods, 11 cs table prepara
tions, 1370 lbs. coffee, 2 cs cheese. COO lbs cod
fish, 50 crts onions. 8614 lbs hops, 2170* lbs
candy. CC6 lbs meals, 22 pkgs wagon material
11 pkgs electrical supplies.- 186 roll* 22 bdls
paper, 1S3 pkgs machinery, 3 cs firearms, 14
pkgs sewing machines, 89 pkgs drugs and
sundries, ft bales dry goods, 9 pkgs windmill,
35 pkgs bicycles and sundries, 95 cs boots and
shoes, 203 pkgs agricultural implements, 15
bdls pipe.
To Honolulu— 14. 020 lbs fresh meat, 1874
pkgs fresh vegetables. 126 pk&s fresh fruits,
250 pkgs onions, 4SM) pkgs potatoes, 4000 lbs
codfish. 4 bbls flour, 41S0 lbs dried- fruit, 19
cs liquors, 55 gaJs whisky, 19S0 Ib3 1 cs meals,
97 pkgs drugs and sundries. 165 cs eggs, 11C7
lbs lard, 4441 lbs ham and bacon. «744 lbs
butter, 153 cs canned goods, 25 pkgs beer. 639
lbs glucose. 542 lbs cheese, 471 lbs nuts, 79
Pkgs groceries and provisions, B475 lbs beans,
C75 lbs 5 pkgs raisins, C'jO lbs drewed poultry,
259 lbs candy 820 lbs 3 pkgs fresh fish. 17
cs 10 pkgs salmon. 752 lbs 3 cs bread; 18- cs
pickles, l€0 cs boots and shoes. 10 ca rubber
goods, 2475 lbs crease. 52 , pkgs paints and
oils, 22 cs hats, CO pkgs electrical supplies,
9557 lbs tobacco. 35 cs cigars and cigarettes,
1"> pkgs machinery, 8 pkgs bicycles and parts,
37 cs arms and ammunition, 120 bxs soap,
56 pkgs wagon material, 27 coils rope, 10 pkgs
nails. 0 bdls twine. '
To Samoan Islands — 14 bbls flour. 396 cs 17
pkgs salmon, 105 pkg3 groceries and provisions,
46 pkgs potatoes. 13 pkgs onions, 2eo lbs 4
cs meals. 29 pkgs fresh fruits. 92 cs canned
goods. 141 pkgs naval stores, 5 pkgs dry goods.
i> cs boots and shoes, 7 bales twine. 11 cs
paints. 31 pkgs millwork.
sailed yesterday for Sydney, via Honolulu,
Pago Pasro and Auckland with a general mer
chandise cargo valued at $325,265. and dis
tributed as follows: For Honolulu, $76,569;
Samoan Islands. $5230; New Zealand. $100,005;
Australia. ?13O.9U3: FIJI Islands. $1210; Friend
ly Islands. $374; South Africa, $1101; Noumea.
$37; Fanning Island, $20. The leading ex
ports were as follows:
Sydney— M. H. Abbott. T. H. F. Abbott.
Mrs. F. Bock. F. F. B. Butler. J. Champion;
Mrs. Champion, nurse and infant; Sidney Cle
mentson. Mrs. Clementeon. A. L. Dean. Mrs.
Dean. Miss Doyle. Miss L. Doyle, Dumont Trio,
W. W. Funge. Mrs. Funge. H. N. Grant. R.
Hindle W. HInson. H. J. Hyne. F. R. Knud
een Jr.. G. W. Mallalleu. Mrs. Mallalieu, Dr.
J. O. Mayne. S. Blair McBeath, C. A. McDon
ald, M. 8. McDonald. Thomas McLuekle, Dr.
J. Mundell. Mrs. Mur.dell. R. Pearce. Mrs.
Pearce. Miss Pearce, E. A. Porter, Frank B.
Pratt, C. I. Pressey. Mrs. M. Pullan, Miss
Ethel I. Pullan, Mrs. M. G. Punch. J. A.
Reynolds. J. A. Robertson, T. A. Shafto, Mrs.
Shafto and two children. J. J. Steele. Mrs.
Steele, R. H. Stevenson Jr.. Miss K. Sullivan,
H. Town, S. Tyzack. Dr. P. S. Webster, Mrs.
Webster and A. G. Wiggins.
Auckland — Mrs. L. Alexander, . John Duncan,
MIss-F«rsuson. W. H. Foreman, Major J. F.
Hayhurst, . Master Hayhurst, T. H. Mackay.
V. Mclntoph. G. J. McKay. John McLean. Mre.
McLean. T. K. Skinner. A. F. Stoner, W. J.
Wilson, A. Coles. Mrs. Coles and child. Mrs.
Erlckson. J. J. Fraser. W. S. Hassan. Miss A.
Hllgenberg. T. N. Horsley. Miss Elizabeth
Laking Miss Emma Lakins, Rev. Joseph
fichwiertllch, Mrs. Schwiertlich. J. Stewart,
Samuel White, Mrs. White and Miss White.
Melbourne — Mrs. Ashbau^h, W. B. Beattie,
Mrs Blckford and two children. Mrs. B. Beck.
Mrs. Mary Callaghan Miss W. Engleheart. C.
M. Goddard. D. Kelly. Mrs. Kelly. Miss A. A.
Ponder Mrs. A. Sandner and two children. J.
Sharp, Mrs. Sharp. W. J. Splatt, Mrs. Splatt,
O. L. Stevens.
Walker. William Waterhouse, W. B. Wright,
Joseph F. Bellestor, Mrs. M. Famsworth, Mrs.
G. Grove, W. P. Jones, Mrs. Jones. B. D.
Lockard. Mrs. E. V. Lyon. J. C. Moore, Miss
Pauldtng. Mrs. John W. Rankin and Infant.
Mrs. J. P. Rego and A. <* Hart well.
Pago Pago— A. Anderson. R. Barts. P. C.
Fabrlcius, E. Ganeau, Joseph Kennedy and H.
Larten.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, V. 8. N.; Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.,
October 8. 1903.
The Time Ball on the tower of the. Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon -to-day —
i. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time.
J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
Movements of Steamers.
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters. -
With reference to the reported state
ment of police officials, that he
has no right to inquire into mat
ters leading up to the suicide of the
decedent, the Coroner said that It was
necessary that the Jury should know and
state In their verdict whether or not the
decedent was Insane at the time he took
his life, or driven to- the verge of insanity
because the policeman had accused him
of being a degenerate.
Dr. Iceland explained further that he
thought he had been doing the police
department a favor by affording to one
of its members the opportunity of vindi
cating-himself from the inference that
he was responsible for the suicide of the
Consular attache.
In reply to a report that ' Policeman
John Kramer, who arrested Colonel. Tom
Kim Yung of I the Chinese Consulate
on September 14, would ; refuse to be
at the Inquest to-day, Coroner Le
land said yesterday that subpenas
would be served on Kramer and
other police witnesses to appear and
testify, and*, that In the 'event that they
should neglect or refuse to put In an ap
pearance he would apply to the Superior
Court to have them punished for con
tempt. He added that he had continued
the Inquest until to-day for the purpose of
affording an opportunity to Policeman
Kramer to introduce evidouce to deny
that offered by -the Chinese witnesses,
who had ' testified that Kramer \ had com
mitted an unwarranted assault upon Col
onel Tom and had. then knocked him
down with a blow in the faoe. V> : •
Some years . ago . Coroner Hawkins im
prisoned a doctor for contempt' for having
refused to answer several questions under
oath at an inquest. Upon an appeal the
State Supreme Court decided that the
Coroner had no power to punish for con
tempt, and that the proper procedure in
such a case was for the Coroner to cer
tify the facts to the Superior Court,
which could then inflict j the punishment
upon tho recalcitrant witness.
Sailed Oct 8 — Stmr Commonwealth,' for Bos
ton, via (jueenstown; etmr Pretorlan, for
Montreal, via Moville.
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed Oct 8 — Stmr Haver
ford, for Philadelphia; stmr Oceanic, for New
York.
CHERBOURG— Sailed • Oct 8^ — Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm II, .from 1 Bremen and Southampton,
for New York. . • . .
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oct 8 — Stmr Teutonic,
from New York. v
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 8— Stmr Phoeni
cia, from Hamburg:. :
Sailed Oct S — Stmr New York, for Southamp
ton; stmr Fuerst Bismarck, for Hamburg, via
Plymouth and Cherbourg; stmr La Touraine.
for Havre; stmr Frlodrlch der Grosse, for
Bremen, via Plymouth and Cherbourg; stmr
Mongolian, ; for Glasgow. '••
• GENOA— Arrived Oct 8— Stmr Lahn, from
New York, via Naples.
HAVRE — Arrived Oct 8— Stmr La Lorraine,
from New York.
COLON — Arrived Oct 6— Stmr City of Wash
ington, from New York. • ».
Sailed Oct C — Stmr Yucatan, for New York.
EAST LONDON— Sailed Sept 2S— Br- ship
Cromartyshire, for Newcastle, to load for Port
land.
HONGKONG— Sailed Oct 7— Br itmr Tartar,
for Vancouver. •
SIMONSTOWN— Arrived Oct 7 — Ship Emily
Reed, from Hobart.
VICTORIA— Arrived Oct 8— Stmr Olympia,
from Yokohama. /. \. ?-f.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
FOREIGN PORTS,
HONOLULU— Arrived. Oct 8— Bktn Benicia.
from Newcastle, Aus. Oct 7 — Schr Ottllle
Fjord, from Eureka. . '
Sailed Oct 7— Schr Julia E Whalen. for Mid
way Island; bktn Amelia, for Eureka; schr
Ly man D Foster, for Port ¦ Townsend.
Arrived Oct 8 — U S stmr Sherman, hence
Oct 1.
HONOIPU— Arrived Oct 6— Schr Defender,
hence Sept 23.
MANILA — Arrived Sept 27 — Br stmr Queen
Alexandra, from Baltimore.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Oct 7 — Schr
DauntleES, hence Sept 19; schr Fred J Wood,
from San Pedro; sihr Emma- Utter, hence
Sept 25; bktn Wrestler, from Honolulu.
• Arrived Oct S — Stmr San Pedro, hence Oct 4:
schr Comet, from Santa' Barbara; schr Honoi
pu, hence Sect 2C.
SEATTLE — Arrived Oct 8— Schr' Forester,
from Redondo.
TACOMA — Sailed Oct 8 — Bark Servia, for
Sydney.
POINT REYES— Passed Oct 8,-11:15 a m—
Stmr San Gabriel, from Eureka, for San Pedro.
TATOOSH— Passed In Oct 8— Schr Wm F
Witzeman, from San Pedro, for Tacoma.
Passed in Oct 8 — Stmr Oregon, from Nome.
Passed out Oct S — Schr Annie Larsen, from
Tacoma, for San Pedro.
COOS BAY— Arrived Oct 8 — Schr Fanny
Adele, h.ence Sept 16.
Sailed Oct S — Stmr Arcata, for San Fran
cisco.
EVERETT— Arrived Oct 8— Schr Muriel,
from Port Townsend.".
-Arrived Oct S— - Schr Oceania Vance, hence
Sopt 25. ?
CASPAR— Sailed Oct 8 — Stmr South Coast,
for San Franc Uco. :
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Oct 8— Ital ship
Herat, for Australia.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Oct 8— Stmr San Pe
dro, hence Oct 4; schr Honoipu, hence Sept 25;
bktn Wrestler, from Honolulu; schr Comet,
from Santa Barbara. .
¦ Sailed Oct S — Sc^r Jennie Stella, for San
Francisco; schr Nokomls. for San Pedro.
ISLAND PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct 8— Schr Espada,
from Grays Harbor; schr H D Bendixsen, from
Grays Harbor. ¦ •' * ¦ .
SANTA CRUZ ISLAND — Sailed Oct 8 — Schr
Lizzie Vance, for Grays Harbor. • ( »
PORT LOS ANGELES^ — Arrived .Oct 8 — Stmr
Westport. from Wegtport. -.-.-; •
JVSTORIA— Sailed Oct 8— Ger stmr Eva, for
China; echr Luzon, for Redondo..
Arrived Oct S — Fr shio Berangere, from Port
Los Angeles.
UMPQUA — Arrived Oct 4 — Schr Caroline,
from San Diego. _
hence S*«pt 25. "
MARSHKIELD — Sailed Oct 8 — Stmr Signal,
for San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 8 — Schr Fanny . Dutard, from
Ventura; stmr Aberdeen, from Astoria.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Oct 8— Stmr Bruns
wick, hence Oct 7; stmr Brooklyn, hence Oct 7.
Sailed Oct 8— Stmr . Kavarro, for San Fran
cisco; stmr South Bay, for San Francisco; bktn
Gardiner City, for San Francisco.
Arrived Oca 8 — Stmr Arctic, hence Oct 7. S
Sailed Oct 8— Schr Lqttie Carson, for San
Pedro; stmr North Fork, for San. Francisco.
REDONDO— Arrived Oct S— Schr A J Coats,
from Grays Harbor; schr Samar, from Port
Madison.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Oct 8— Bktn Arago.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
WHATCOM— Arrived • Oct 8— Stmr Rainier,
from Seattle. -
EUREKA — Arrived Oct 8 — Stmr Fulton,
from Hardy Creek; etmr Eureka, hence Oct 0;
stmr'Iaqua, hence Oct 7; stmr Pomona, hence
Oct 7. •
POINT LOBOS, Oct 8. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind SE, velocity 30 miles per hour.
Per schr A F Coats at Redondo Oct 8 — Oct
2, - lat 38 12 N, Ion 125 W, schr Eric, from
Victoria, tor Santa Rosalia; air well; wished
to be resorted.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Ktmr Alcatraz, Carlson, Point Arena.
Bktn Newsboy. Chlpperfleld, Port Townsend.
Brig W G Irwin, Hanson, "Roche Harbor.
SPOKEN'.
Shuck, on August 15, shortly after bla
disappearance, was arrested In San Jose.
He was taken to the . police station and
just as the arresting officer was com
mencing to search him he stepped back,
pulled a revolver out of his pocket and
backing out of the station, made his,es
cape.. He came to this city and got em
ployment at the (Jolonial.
Shuck is accused of having broken open
the trunk of "Walter. Beck, porter in the
hotel, who occupied the same bedroom
with him,' and stealing Beck's gold watch,
chain and locket, pipe, revolver and bank
book. He was arrested at the Hlbernla
Bank by Detective Armstrong while try
ing to withdraw a part of the money
B<jck had on deposit and the detective
ha"& to beat him almost Into unconscious
ness before he could put the handcuffs on
his wrists. He 'said at the Units that If
he had known the police were coming for
him he would have made his escape, even
If he had to kill somebody. He had a
loaded revolver in his pocket when ar
rested. He will probably have to answer
a 'charge of grand larceny for stealing
articles from the Southern Pacific cars.
The former bellboy and waiter of the
Colonial Hotel, Pine and Jones streets,
who Is awaiting, his preliminary hearing
before Police Judge Cabaniss on a charge
of grand '^larceny, = and .who grave his
name as Richard Henry Vernon, has
been identified by Detective Lewin of the
Southern Pacific Company as Thomas
Shuck, a former employe of the company
at Mountain View, -who disappeared two
months ago after stealing a bicycle and
two suit cases from the company's cars.
Bellboy Charg5i r With Grand
Larceny Identified by
Detective.
Failing to Do So Contempi
' Proceedings Will Be
Instituted.
Coroner Will Compel
Policeman Kramer
to Take Stand. v
Thomas Shuck's Daring
Escape,;in San Jose
Recalled.
DRAWS WEAPON
ON POLICEMAN
POLICE WITNESS
MUST TESTIFY
Tflfi.fAH iTKAISCJlBUO CAIili, JflClIlA X;. voxyjJJGilX y, 1VVB.
PEOPLE ON-SHORE WATCH THE DYING
STRUGGLES OF DANISH BARK CLARA
Captain. McLaren of the Ill-Fated Wemyss Bay Tells of the Tragedy
Enacted in Mazatlan Harbor During Hurricane 'Which Swept
Sixteen Souls to Death in the Angry Surf on September 26
DANISH BARK CLARA. THAT WAS WRECKED AT MAZATLAN IN A HURRICANE THAT TORE THE VESSEL
FROM HER ANCHORAGE IN THE HARBOR, DROVE HER AGAINST THE ROCKS AND SENT THE SHIP j
WITH SIXTEEN SOULS TO THE BOTTOM.
10
I RAILWAY TBAVEX.
WMM*M P
- (Hsln T.tn«. Foot of Market Street.)
" JJOOa Benlci*. Sul.on. Klmlrs sna Sacra-
7«»a Klles. UTermore. Latnrop. StocX-
8 MO a DaTts.Wooilind.' KnlVnu 'iindlDg.
Mm^ivllle. OrovUle. (connects
st if»ry»TUls for Grtdley. Btg«s
SCO a AS»nUcExprei^-bgdVnind'KM«. 1025a
•XOa Fort Coata. Martinez. Antloch. By-
ron.Tr»cy. Stockton.SacMmento,
Lo» Baaos, Menduts, K»nford.
Vlsalla, Portorvllle *uS*
8430a ton Coita. Martinez. Tracy.Lata-
rop, Modesto, Merced, Fresno,
Ooshen Junction. Hanford. VI-
mil*. Bakersfleld S.23r
IJOa 8bmU Kxprew— Darts, Williams
(for Bartlett Springs). Willows,
tFrnto. Ked Bluff. Portland 7.55*
1.30a KHej. San Joee, UTermore. Stock- -
«on.Ione.8acramento.PlacenrtIle.
Maryavtlle. Chleo. Bed Bluff 4.2S»
i-SOi Oakdale. Chinese, Jamestown. So-
i aora. Tuolntane and Angel* 4.25F
fl.OOA Martlnei snd W»j Sutlom 8 55*
18.00a Vallejo IWSp
10-COa El P»»o Passenfter. Kaitbonnd.-.
Port Corta. Martlnei, Byron.
Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton.
Mereed. Raymond. Fresno, Han-
ferd. Vlsalla. Bakersfleld. Los
Asgeles and El Paso. (West-
bound arrlTe* via Coast Line)... tT.SSr
10 Ma The Overland Limited — Ogden,
Denver. Omaha. Chicago. 825^
12.00k Hayward. 51le» snd Way Stations. 3-2Sp
11.00f, Sacmmento River Stesmers- tU.OHr
3_50r Benlcla. Winters. Sacramento,
Woodland. Wlinamt. Colas*,Wti-
"^ : loirs. Knights Landlag. Maryt-
vllle, Orortlle and way lutlom.. 1 0 53* .
SZOr Hsywsrd, Nile* and Way Stations.. 7 55?
4.C0* Msrtlnex.SanlUmoa.V»HeJo,IIsps,
CalUtogs. 8iat«Rott... «.25a
4J)0r Msrtlnez.Tracy.Lsthrop.Stoekton. 10. 254
400 J» Kile*. LI rermore. Stockton, Lodt.. 4.25 r
4.30* Hsyward. Nllei. lrrlngton. San I t3.55 «.
Jose. Llvermore f 111.55*
BJJO* The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tulare,
Bskersneld. Los Angeles ».35a
8 CO Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton, !«•-_..
B»nos.. iZ-Zof
tf J(h> Hsywsrd, Vlles snd Ban Jot* ..... 7.2Sa
8-COr Hsyward, N lies snd 6an Jose. 1025*
IUWjp Oriental Mall— Ogden, Denver,
Omaha, St. Loots. Chicago and
Kast. Port Coata. Benlcta. Sul-
tan, Elmlra, Darla, Socramentcv
Roeklln. Auburn. Colfsz.
Trnckee. Bocs, Kino, Wads>
wortn. Wlanemuecs. Battle
Mountain. Elio 4.23*
».. Reno. Trnckee. Sscrameato, Davis.
8nisun. Benlcta, Port Coata...... 7-5a*
8.00* Vallejo. dally, except Sunday.... I 7 55,
700* Vallejo. Sunday only I
7X0* 8«n Pabio, rort Costa. Martines ". •
and Way Stations 11.21a
84)6* Oregon * California Kiprese— Sac-
ramento. MaryiTllle. Bedding.
Portland. Pugei Board and Eut. 8-53A
t.16r Bayward, N'llea and Saa Joie (3oa-
day only) 11.51*
11J25* Port Costa, Tracy. Lathrop. Mo»
detto, Mereed. Raymond (to To-
aemlte), Fresno, U*.ufard. V»-
aalia. Bakerafleld 12-28*
COAST LINE^t^srrow uange).
(goo* ot Market Street.)
745a Sanu Croa Excursion (Sunday
. emy) -— • aV1B»
8.15a Newark. Centerrme. San Jose,
Felton. Boulaer Creek. Santa
I - Cro» and Way Station* ¦ %-2S*
i tsMS* Newark. Centerrllle, Saa Joaa.
New Almaden. Lot Gatos.Feitoa,
Boalder Creek, Ssnts Crni snd
Principal Way SUtlon tO-oaA
4.15* Newark, San Jose. Los Gstos sad
wsy stations (on Saturday sn4
Sunday runs through to Santa
Cruz; Monday only from Santa
Cruz). Connects at Felton to
snd from Bnnider Crefk Tn.o»s>
" 6AKLAND HARBOR FERRY."
From SAN *KAN CISCO, tout of Market 3L (3ilp»
— 17:13 *:00 11:00 a.M. 1.00 300 6.15 p.m.
from OAKLAND, Foot of Brosdwsy — 1«:00 »:<>•
jfl:05 10:00 a.m. 1200 2 00 4-00 *¦*.
COAST LINE <Brosd «a«ge).
tW~ (1 hird and Townsend Streets.)
! . ' §.10a Saa Jose aad Way Stations. WJ5r-
, 17.00a Ban Jose and W«y Stations S-38r
7.15a Monterey snd Santa Crui Excur-
sion (Sunday only) 8 30*
{00* New Almaden (Tnes., Frld., only). 4.13*
00a Coajt Line Limited— StoptonlySaa
Joae. Gllroy (connection for Hol-
llater). Pajaro. Castrorllle. 8s-
ltnas. San Ardo. Paso ltoblea. . '
v -¦.¦";¦". « anta Margarita, San LnU Oblapo. ;'
Gnadalape, Surf (connection for tJ* '
Lompoc). Sanu Barbara. Saagns
snd Los Angelea. Connection st
Csstrortlle to snd from Monterey
sndPselflc Orflre 10.43*
I. CO a Ban Joie. Tres Plnoa, Capitols,
Santa Crox.PaciacGroTe.Saltnaa,
San Luis Obltpo and Principal
Intermediate Stations .......... 4.13*
90-SOa Ban Jote and Way Stations;- I 1.2C*
11X0* Cemetery Passenger— South Saa
Francisco, Saa Bruno 1.05*
11-30* Saau Clara, t-an Joie. Los Gstos
snd Way Station* 7.39*
•U0* San Jote and Way Stations ... .... x 7 00*
200* Ban Jcse and Way SuUons. ........ 19 40*
2.30* Cemetery Paaaenger — South Saa
Francisco. San Bruno 4.3SJ"
tSXO* Del Monte Express— Sanu Clara.
Ean Jose, Del Monte, Monterey,
Pacific Grove (connecU at Sanu
Clara for Sanu Cruz. Boalder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points) 112.13*
iiOr Tactile Grore snd Wsy Ststlons—
Bnrllngame.Ssn Msteojledwood,
MenloPark. Palo Alto. Mayfleld.
Mountain View. Lawrence, Saou '
Clara. San Jose, 'Gllroy. BoUla-
ter. Tret Plnot). Pajaro, Wataon-
vllle. Capitols, Santa Crui, Cas-
troTllle, S-illnas 10-4SA
4-30* Bsn Joie and Way SUtlom 833*
0 00* San Jose. (tU Santa Clan) Loe
Gatos. Wright and Principal Way
Stations (except Sanday) 9.00a
16-20* SanJoseandPrlnclpalWayStations f8.00*
tS.16* Ban Mateo. Beresford,Beluiont. Saa
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaka,
MenloPark. Palo Alto t945*
f.30r San Joae and Way Buttons 6-33*
¦CO* Snnset Limited. Eaatbonnd.— Saa
LnU Oblspo. Sanu B irbara. Los
Aegeles, Demtng. £1 Psao. New
Orleans. New York. (Wettboaad
arrlTetTln Sun Joaqnln Valley)... trfl.23*
8.00* Palo Alto andWaySutlona 10-15*
tl. 30* South Son Francisco. MlUbrae.
Barllngame, San Mateo, Bel-
mont, San Carlos, Redwood, .....
Fair Oaks. Menlo Park. Palo . ififi
Alto. Mayfleld. Mountain View, *«•**»
Sannyvaie. Lawrence. Santa
Clara and San Joae J
A tor Morning. P for Aftcrooon.
X Saturday and Sunday only. ; Sunday only.
1 Stops at all tutlons on Sunday.
t Sunday excepted. a Saturday only.
« V la Coaat Line. u Vis San Joaquia Valley.
• Reno train esttboand discontinued.
¦VOnly trains ttopplng st Vslencls St. southbooad
•raS:10*.M^t7:00*ji..lljCO*.M..2:SOrj(. and 4:30 ?.«,
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO Afiti NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPACT?.
Tiburon Parry, Foot of Market Street.
SAH PKAJTC1SCO TO SA2T ItAPAEL.
"WEEK DAYS — ~:M. 9:0O, 11:CO a. m.; 12:o3.
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 o. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8 :00. B:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
6:C0, 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAK OAFAEL TO SAW FBAITCZBCO.
WEEK DAYS— B:C5. 7:35. 7:50. »:2O. U:1S
a. m.: 12:50. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:C5 and tt:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00, 8:40, 11:15 a. m.; l:4O. 3:4l».
4:55. 5:C5. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect ] Arrive
Saa Francisco. 1 Sept. 27. 1903. |3an Francisco.
Week I -Sunn Destina- J Sun- | Week
Days. I days, j tion. [ days. [ Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a I 9:10 a! 8:40 a
9:30a Igr.aclo. 110:40 a 10:2O»
3:3Op 3:30p } 6:05 p 6:20p
5:10 p 5:00 p | 7:35 p
7:30a ~ 9:10a 8:40a
8:00 a : Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petalunut 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10p 3:3Op and 7:35p
5:00 p Santa Rosa. ¦
7:30 a ~~ 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p
¦Windsor,
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburr, 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p GeyserviUe. 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale, . . | : ,<
7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 allO:2O a.
3:30 a] 3:30 p) and-Uklah. |7:35pjg:20p
7:30 a| 8:00 al Wllllts. I 7:35 p| g:2o"p
7:3Oa| 8:0Oa| _, • 110:40 a'10:2O a
3:30 p| 3:30 PI Guernevllle. | 7:35 p| 0:2O p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I 9:10 al 8:40 a
8:10 p| S:0Opl Clen Ellen. | 6:06 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:0O al 110:40 a(10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Sebastopol. | 7:35 p[ 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentin; at Santa Kosa for •"White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altraria and Mark Weit
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
servllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers. Booneville and Greenwood- at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. LJerly'a
Buckneire. Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville, Orr's
Hot Springs, Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
Stevens, Hopkins. Mendoctno City, Foxt Bragz.
¦Westport. Uaal: at Wllllts for Fort Bragtf
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covello, Layton-
vtlle. Cummlngs. Bell's Springs. Harris Ol-
sen's. Dyer. Garbervllle. Pepperwcod. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday— Round- trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
„ Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronlcla
building.
tt'C. WHITING. R.' 3C'KTA2».
- Gen. Manager. . . - Gen. Pmsa. A^fl,
OCEAN TRAVEL.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
'(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP? CO.)
-• Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets/ at 1 p.' m.,. for YOKOHAMA
- and >.. HONGKONG, calling at Kobe ; (Hlogo)
Nagasaki and • Shanghai, and ' connecting - at
Hongkong with steamers for , India, : etc. No
cargo received on board on' day of sailing.
S.S. NIPPON MARU/... r.....:.........
Limw Tl Iiir October 1 15, " 1003
S. S. AMERICA MARU ... 4......;
'.«- ¦...•.....".... .'..Tuesday, November 10. 1903
•S. S. HONGKONG MARU......;:..:..... , .
b sis ;h;Tr.TT.TT.V. Thursday, - December 3, 1903
. Via' Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage' apply at Com-
pany's . office, 421 " Market street, : corner , First.
- r : W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
Mat* Island ' and ; Vallejo > Steamer a. ..
V Steamer. GEN. N FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p.m., except Sunday
' Sunday. ; 9 :45 a." m., 8 :30 p.' m. .- Leave Vallejo,
7 a. 1 m... 12:30 noon,' 6 p.' m..-= ex. Sunday.- Eun-
«lay, 7 a. -m:, 4:15 p. m.' ' Fare," 50 cents. S Tel.
Main 1508. - * Pier 2. Mlssion-st.: dock. . : HATCH
BROS.f *«RT|g]WBriB»«f«^^
ATVEBTTSEMENTS.
ottle/,^ aso
liUfBSri yt^ cube
Tex pala> la the fe&cfe. "BrighVm flls-
eaae, lacontlneace of artae, brick
dart deposit, bed-wetting', graveL
dropsy, diabetes, rheumatism.
Oalr by, removing- poisonous add can
rheiR&atie and BeursJcto trocUsa be
cured. Urie acid fln£s lt> way Into the
blood because the Kidneys are weakened
end do cot throw it cSC frca the system.
RMtore the Xldncys tad you restort the
power that will force the uric add from
the boflr- That Is JuM what MoBurntyg
Kidney aat!.Blad,der Cur* does. It £rlv«a
the deadly uric "add from the blood, it
tustalns the organs that eustaln Ufa and
the forces that make blood. McBurser*s
Klda«y and Bladder cure. |l 60. All
drucglstt. Booklet wjth sworn etate-
tneats of esres tr*e. W. F. McBurney,
fcoie Uix.: 22« S. Boring St.. Lo» Angeles.
RAJELWAY TBAVEL.
the North Western 3
Union Pacific Excursions
- ¦ ~ afford onnsuil opportunities for. in
" • economical and satisfactory journey t»
OiicagorEast
Excursions Every Day
Personally conducted parties leave
San Francisco every Wednesday,.
Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
I^eave Los Angeles one day earlier.
Choice of routes.
For full Information apply to or addreas '
R. R. RITCHIE. S. F. BOOTH.
General Arent. CenT Agent Pass'r Dept.
Chicago 6c North- Western Ry. Ualon Pacific R. R.
0 1 7 Market St. No. 1 Montgomery St.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
• • PICTO^^
TO SAN RAFAEL
v '»^gg^'gsffigig'- M 1 LL VALLEY*
ra^^^gi CAZADERO, ETC.
jr^^^^i^^gS via Sausalito Ferry.
WEEK DAYS — (Holidays excepted) — 8:48.
t»7:46 8:45 8:45. 11 a., in., 12:20. »1:45, 3:15,
4:15. *t5:15, •0:15. B:45,. 8. 11:45 p. m.
~:45 a. m. train week days does cct run to
M SUNDAY3 AND LEGAL. HOLIDAYS— 7.
t8, t*9, t*10. 11, tH:30 »- m - t!2:30. fl-30.
2:35 »3:50 0, 6, 7:30, 9, 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
Those marked (t) to Fairfax, except 5:15 p. m.
Saturdays. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train
runs to Fairfax.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week days— 5:25, t6:25, 7:40, 8:15. $9:33,
11:05 a. m., 12:30. 2:20, $3:43, 4:50, 5:30. 6:45.
10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. 7:33. tS:10. 8:4C. $10:53.
tll:43 a. m., 12:50. 2:30. J3:23, 4:40, J5:50,
8:55, 7:35. 10:20 p. m.
Trains marked ft) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL, VALLET TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO — .'Weelt days — 5:45, «:40. 7:45, 8:25.
9:45 11:10 a. m.. 12:40. 2:43. 4:15, 5:10, 7:05,
10:40 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— 6:33. 7:55, 10. 11:10 a. m., 12:05.
1:06, 2:40, 3:45. 4:55, 6:05. 7:10, 10:40 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m., -week days — Cazadero and way
stations.
5:15 p. m.. we«k days (Saturdays excepted) —
Tomales and -way stations.
3:15 p. m., Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations. .
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 8 a. ra., Caza-
dero and way stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a. m.. Point
Reyes and way station*.
TICKET OFFICE — 626 Market st.
FERRY — Foot of Market »t.
\S CALIFORNIA g
I LIMITED TO CHICAGO |
R Leaves Mondays and Thursdays ¦
I] at 8:30 a. m.. through la 8 days ( n
fi with diner and all trappings- B
Other Santa Fe Trains :
2 : S **™*t for Stockton, Fresno, B&kenfield*
8 : 00p.'m.'f Merced, Haniord »n4 Viialia.
4.00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City* Grand Caaroa and
. Chicago.
Ticket Offic«: 641 Market St., and Ferry
Depot. 3. F. Also 1LU Broadwaj, Oak-
land, Cal.
MOUNT TAA1ALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Tk SjMfcUto '«ry Arrire -^^
anaPrmn. Hn *t lUrkM ft. San Fran.
Week Son- ,-"ffL ' Sim- IWecsf
pay*- j»y' d@$m*k p*?*.
l:45r 9:OOa \53b«HbW 1*:BOp S:3Of
6il»r 1O:OOa \sS2*SE8¥ 3:3Or 3;5O»
iiiiQi *-•»*»
, ,, 8:35 r 8:OOr *
htori&jimlj. i**n Turin Y 9:3Or,un-nU. il:3Or
TICUt 1 636 Majuutt ST-^North Sbora RadroadJ
amCB I sad Saus*UTO Fhh Foot UzxkM St
OCEAN ; TEA VZL. r V/
' \s£\C c^\. Steamers leave San Fran-
/tty^^Q^V clsco as I°H° W8 '-
ftrf_ _ Xd\ For Ketchlkan, "Wrangel.
fm' vK'SFfe \"*\ Juneau. llalnes, Skagr»"ay.
I I VSj8!>ja I I etc -- Alaska — 11 a. m.. Oct.
I I V«Si$a/ 1 8. 13. IS. 23. 2S. Nov. •_'.
V**v \\ St / Change to company's steam-
Vri-i_-^by ers at. Seattle.
>O[^SVJJ>^ For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle, Ta-
coma. Everett. Whatcom — 11 a. m. Oct. 8. 12
18, , 23. 28, Nov. 2. Change at Seattle to
this company's steamers for Alaska and O. X.
Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C P. , Ry. ,
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1 :30
p. m.. Oct. 13, 19. 25. 31, Nov. 6: Corona, 1:30
p. m., Oct. 10. 16. 22. 28. Nov. 3.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and. Santa Barbara
Santa Rosa, Sundays, 8 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 0 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Hartord (San
Luis Obi spo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 0 a. m., Oct. 8, 16 24, Nov 1
Bonlta, 9 a. m.. Oct. 12. 20. 28, Nov. B. *
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Par. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th" of each
month.
I For further Information . obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates.
TICKET OFFICES — I New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger. Agrat,
' 10 Market street. San Francisco. .
.•O..J?/«. N. CO.
-"Columbia" sails Oct. 10. 20. SO. Nov. ». 19.
20. "George W. Elder", sails Oct. 5. 15. 25.
Nov.- 4. 14. 24. Only steamship line to PORT-
LAND, OR., and short rail line from Portland
to all oolnts East. .Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail at LOW-
EST RATES. Steamer tickets Include berth
and meals. ' . Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at
II a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Oen. Agt. Pass, Dept..
1 Montgomery St.: C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt.
Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st. .
occanics.sxo.Ete'g
S S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu.Oct. 17. 11 «. m.
S.S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Oct. 26, 11 a. m.
SS. SIERRA for Honolulu. . Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. .Thursday, Oct. 29, 2 p. m.
€ J.»PHEn£Ui8HS.CMBti..mrt0rfa,!UIil!ia
¦ , fis^ffflaLia MartotlUfteit. y.fadfliiL
COMPAQNIE OENEKALB TBANSATLA5TIQDS"
DIRECT LINE TO" HAVRE-PARIS. - .'V^ ~- ,
Sailing every Thursday Instead °«<*ftj^
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. •miUVisi'
North River, foot of .Morton street. ,
Flrst-cUss to Havre. 170 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to" Havre,- $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA,. 32 Broadway - (Hudson Building). I
New Tork.r J. F. FUGAZI & CO.." Pacific Coast f
Agents. . 5 Montgomery avenue. - San Francisco. I
Tickets sold : by^ all Railroad Ticket Ajents. -: . IExchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 82%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S6\' t
Sterling Exchange, cables, t — 4 87V4
New York Exchange, sight — 07^
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver, per ounce • • — 59%
Mexican Dollars 47 48
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — The markets everywhere, continue
quiet and without especial feature. Chicago
was lHc higher, and in this market futures
al£o advanced. ;
CASH "WHEAT.
California Club. $1 42*461 45: California
White Australian. $1 .'.2U1I1 65; Northern
Club, $1 42%@1 45; Northern Blue Stem,
$1 52Vi@l 55; Oregon Valley. $1 45 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. , Close.
December ...$1 40^ $1 40% $i 40% $1 40^
May ........ 1 41 1 41 H 1 41 1 41%
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 40 $1 40H $1 40 $1 40V»
BARLEY— The market continued firm, with
NEW YORK. Oct. 8—There was practically
•!)o"rp|i»r from the Wfakr.ess of to-tlay's stock
market from start to flnleh. There was an
_ oc-«(-iona! pause In the downward course of
Price*; which w a » partly due to a lull in the
«*illng movement, but the usual rebound on
fhprt covering wa* in every case f«-bln and
ineffective. The ia* t prices were practically
the lowest of the day end the closing wa«
w*ak- Net declines of I to 2 points and up
ward are quite general throughout the list.
There was nothing to show that the liquida
tion was due to contraction of credits euch aa
fcirrfd tfcr- h<>&vj- selling in the recent past, a!-
Jthouph there are time tijanF maturing from
A 1 "* l ° UllM which are called Bar payment and
<ilf.".cu.t to secure any extension for. But
n-day s . liquidation setmed to be prompted
. • more by indents of dlegust and diEcourage
•ment with the whole situation in the securi-
J*rs market. Tre extended reports this morn
.a« of the testimony elicited yesterdav In the
beanr.p of lepjU proceedings connected with
. '.he LnHed States Shipbuilding Company cre
ate a profound impression throughout the
. f.i.ancia! wcrld. The details there set forth
or the process of the corporation promotion.
underwriting and stock flotation gave rise to
• disturbing analogies with a large mass of in
lustna: securities which have come into the
market within the last years and are now
22* lb V£ ln * Practically waterlogged con
.¦¦»iucn._ The assumptions growing O ut of yes
t'-rday't disclosures were of so grave a char
acter and attached to such important quar
jers M u. unsettle the mind of the financial
l_ub.;c over the most conservative questions.
n»e rravlty of the o<^a*ion received its recog
.niJon In the unusual course of the public
. p statement Issued later in the day formally
't ! *r> ,,''"* th * implications of the incident by
J. P. Morgan & Co. Following the widespread
rilfturLance of sentiment in the market caused
f the reduction of the dividend on United
states Ptee!. the induetrla.1 stocks had a bad
••ay of It. United States Steel common sold
oo«n to Ita previous low record of 14*4 and
the preferred stock was even more severe! v
• l,*Td!e<i. v.th a decline of 2"*. Yesterdays
argument that the reduction of the dividend
"• 1? J-m J f ' n - m<lT) Increased the security for the
flivjaena on the preferred lost Its force In
.ace cf compuietions that the decrease In n»t
•jarnmrs we, at a rate greater thaa the re
<J.uction in the dividend disbursement. Amal
gamated popper ks, th* f^iow sufferer most
BCUtely affected. The stork fell to a new low
r*rord of in th* lat, dealings, after some
. *how of suri'ort had bif-n accorded above 36
It wu argued that the reaction in the iron
«nd Fteel market must extend to copper while
rtie relative price of Amalgamated and United
. fctates Steel in a similar dividend level was
upain UEf-4 to disa ivanta^re of the former sto^k*
Rrokers whose operations yesterday on the
buying Bid- in various otock* «-,re attributed
• _«o in»sd» supporting orders turned sellers to
< _P-Sv with corresponding *r L ~*i on the general
wntimpr.t. The weakness was h>- no mean*
confined to the industrials, sni the railroads
euffered quite generally in the depres
sion whi^h «elfhed upon th» market. Specific
n**.* »!> lacking to account for the M-]!inr
Jt 1 +rr*\iTf all through the market.
The bond market behaved r.ett»r than utorks
and "*ho»e-1 tome evidence of investment ab
f^rpticn Total fsI's. par value. $S52.<VVt.
t'nlted States 2s declined Vi per rent oti the
jA't caU.
rCEU* YORK STOCK LIST,
Pales. Hi*h. Low. C|of.
Atchi*on :{«.»00 «4«, «2'i «a
Afhlson pfd I.J**) SK14 RS ms
Bal t: Ohio pfd .. vm 87^4 k? se.ii
c:an Poclfl'- 2.«.i»rt ltrt«» J1«\ 11a
Ontral of N j j.y>
Chi «• .'¦¦¦¦¦ 1 ««i «•>!.{ 21 'j 22'
• hi t, Alton pfd... airt «0\i «0 «0%,
r & o \\>*t ««, JS14 its isvl
1 '<: « G West B r-fl - «7
SrtrAK:::: !~ ™.l ™;. *H
*"*ii T & Tr?rtp pfd 17
«'. <r. r * St Louis. .'.'.'.'. .'.'.'. .'..'. (9u
C<*o Fo ..: 1... . J2 * ij" jit
• Colo Po in p'd . . . 100 4>*H 4R'i 47^
roi-> P O 2d pfd. .. \nct , s^ , S ,.J 1S^
iJSSLtiStt&v. «* i:a lfl2 rf
* Pen & Rio G 'joo i»i, inv; "in
Den & nio Q P n.. 20(1 «» KTH «$U
Bf*« : 2O.«O0 2« ",51* 2^i7
F.rie 1st r>M 2.4<rf) «;fiu c\ «5«
nrl# 21 rfd 2.2frt 4Svl m% 4^*!
Great Nor pfd l«0
Hock \*\ pfd - 7
Til Central 1.200 j^i; ,^i; , 2SS
Irwa Central ,00 !S »* U^ U
Icwa Central r*<1 -a
• K«.n> '''ty Po i.ono i^ i^u, i«»'
Kans City Ro pfd .. 2.400 31 14 *r> ia*
lypuls A Ne.th 2.W> fts% {>7 07
?|«nhattan L ;j.rrfK» iai V4 129U I29U
•JrW 6t RJ.. 1.900 105 103^ \m%
Minn & St Loul* . 5^*
Vo Pacific lO.wto v» sfii jiTT
4»o. K«n* «¦ T 10ft 17 17 17V
"^Mo. Kans &- T jifd. 7OO xiu 34^4 :14s;
Nat PR of Mer r'd KiO 37 S7 •?«
K r Central 3.100 lie,** nr.vi nsu
Kor & West 1.000 OG34 w% 5614
AVrc York Stock Market.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues quiet under a moderate demand. Com-
EASTERN MARKETS.'
\ .. . Weather Report
< 120th Meridian— Pacific Tirr.e.»
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. «-- 5 p. m.
THE COAST RE«X»RP.
~ '. i e s 5 2 i
NATION. I If SI |f |° I
* C C • 2
:?«'¦': :
Baker 29. P2 f-4 30 S Clou^r .00
Oarscn 2».7«5 7<s *\ W n»ar .K>
Durpka ...... 29. S4 f" 4S NE Cloudy .00
Farallon 2».*s C2 54 S Fo*gy .f>>
Fresno 2t>.7« P2 f.2 SW near .no
¦Flar^taiT 30.02 70 3<? PW Clear .<*)
Independence 2».&rt (to C6 PE Ol»ar .00
L*m Xr^f-lr* ..2!>.f« 7<> M W <71e«r .00
Mt Tanalpais 2».!*5 «v> f,j p Foggy .<«i
North Head... .29. S4 54 50 KW Cloudy .<*)
Phoenix 29. ?« M 58 W clear .00
PorsteMo .V>.r«4 *2 25 SE Ooudy .00
Poniard 2?.*t2 62 42 NW Ooudy .<*>
Point Reres ..29.S4 *A ftt S Cloudy .CO
R-l Bluff ..29.72 84 M SK Pt.Cldy .fx)
R"*»bur»r 29. gn 5.8 44 w Cloudy .O-)
F»rr«mento ...25».«n 76 52 PW Pt.Cldy -0O
Salt Lek» 30.<v> +M. 35 gE Pt.CMy .00
S. • Franc: w:o. .29. RS e« 54 PW Ft.Clfiy .00
P. L Obtepo.:.2».M fS 50 K Pt.CMy .00
f«m Pielto ...,29.fl« 70 fW SW Clear .f-0
F'Mtle 29. *iS 5" 44 N «"1oudy .O0
,t-r«kane 29.90 €2 36 NE Cloudy .00
Walla Walla. .2P.90 «^2 40 SW Pt.CIiJy .00
Virneir.ucoa .2».*2 7K 40 S Cloudy .00
Tuma 29. *<J P2 «) S Clear -<X)
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A moderate disturbance Is developing over
Northern CeMfornia and will probably move
directly east through Nevada snd t'tah.
. FaJr weather prevails in Southern Califcr
ria and Nevada, but elsewhere on the Pacific
-¦\r-pr cloudy, threatening weather is reported.
.Th» tfn:j*T&ture has risen about 10 degrees
in Nevada and elonr the Sierra. Near Sacra
rtierto thtre *as been a fall of 12 degree*,
« (lilp at Fresno there hat be*n a rise 0! S
, 0»sret*.
A maximum wind velocity of to miles p«r
liour from th» south is reported at Mount
T»malpais. Hijrh southerly wind* are blow
ing froin the Fara! iones to Point Reyes.
Forecast made *t San Francisco for thirty
hour*. en£ir.g midnight of October 9:
m Xortherr. California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather. »::h rain in northern portion: brisk
. to hies *<-iuth winds: cooler in the San
J'.«quin I'aUejr. R«:«>in-makers should etack
:h«tr tra>s.
Southern <"alifornia — Cloudy. unsettled
w-tTher Friday; fresh southwest *indi.
Nevada— aoufijr; cooler Friday; brisk south
•w«t •Ptnde.
Sail Franrtom and vicinity — Cloudy, unset
tled weather Friday; probably showers; brisk
t» hich sruih winds.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
1 & further advance in futures and a good in
quiry for the cash grain.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 12^(31 15; Shipping and Brewing,
$1 174S1 20; Chevalier. $1 20@l 50 for fair
to choice.
FUTURES.
P'.ssion » to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Cose.
December ..$1 134 $1 12"«4 $1 124 $1 12%
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 124 $1 124 $1 ll a 4 $1 11*4
OATS — Some houses are reporting an active
demand with large sales, while others report
a moderate Inquiry only. There la no change
tn quotations.
White. $1 20@l 324-: Black, $1 40@l 60; Red.
$1 20@l 25 for feed and $1 25@1 35 for eeed;
Gray, $1 224®1 27% per ctl.
CORN — The demand is slack and the mar
ket Js easy at unchanged prices.'
Western, sacked, $1 40 for Yellow, $1 40 for
White and $1 35 for mixed ; California large
Yellow. $1 45(31 50; small round do, $1 -70®
1 75; White. $1 50 per ctl.
RYE— $1 25@1 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25@2 50 per ctl.
Flour and Millsluffs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $4 60®
4 S3, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 50@4 60;
Oregon and Washington, $3 90®4 20 per bbl
I for family and $3 90@4 40 for Bakers'.
. MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
I follows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal, $3; Rl« Flour, $7;
Corn Meal, $3 25; extra cr^am do, $4; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, S4®4 25; Buckwheat
Flour, $4 5O#4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina. $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats, bbls, $7 25@8 60; In sacks, $6 75@S 10:
j Pearl Barley, $6; Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs. -
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Hay and Feedstuffs continue firm at pre
vious price*.
BRAN— $21 50®22 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $26 60@28 per *on.
SHORTS— $21 50@22 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $24J?25 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26@26 50; Job
bing. $27@27 50: Cocoanut Cake. $21#22; Corn
Meal, $32 50®33; Cracked Com. $33@33 50;
I Mixed Feed. $22 50®23 50; Horse Beans, $2S@30
! per ton.
HAY— Wheat, $13@16. with sales of extra
choice at $16 50; Wheat and Oat, $12 50®
15 60; Oat, $12 50<gl4 50; Wild Oat, $11 60®
12 50; Barley. $10@12 50; Stock. $9@10; Alfal
fa. $10@ll 50 per ton.
STRAW — 40®60c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Small White and Blackeye Beans are still
lower, but the other kinds are unchanged,
though the feeling is weak all along the lin».
Lima* are very weak down south, and are
heavily offered here.
BEANS — Bayos. $2 35S2 65; Pea. $3 25;
Butters, nominal: *mall White. $3^3 15; large
White, $2 50S2 65; Pink. $2 4O#2 65; Red.
$2 90®3: Lima. $3 8503 50; Red Kidneys,
$4 50; Black-eye. $2 50<f2 65 per ctl; Horse
Beans, $1 4Cngl 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow,
Mustard, nominal; FlaL $1 70<g>l SO; Canary.
5<854c for Eastern; Arf&lfa, nominal; Rape.
l*i<£f2Vsc; Timothy, 6<364c; Hemp, a^^Vjc
per lb; Millet, S@34c; Broom Corn Seed, $20®
23 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green. $1 80@2 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Prices of Burbank Potatoes had no qyotable
change. Supplies, particularly of river kinds,
were heavy, and the local demand was fair.
Sweet Potatoes were in free supply and moved
1 off well at steady rates. Fancy Onions were
In limited supply and firmer. There was any
amount of poor stock offering, which could
not be sold at any price.
Choice Wax and Lima Beans were scarce
¦ and cleaned up quickly at higher rates, while
String Beans were abundant and dull, espe
1 daily for poor quality offerings, which con
i stituted the bulk of supplies. Stocks of To
i matoes continued excessive and the market
[ was easy at the previously quoted rates. The
i other vegetables arrived freely and were in
• fair request and unchanged.
i POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. 503
75c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $1 25@1 40 per
Ctl; Oregon Burbanks. 75®85c per ctl; River
Reds, 80®fl0c per ctl; Sweet Potatoes. $1 25@
1 60 per ctl.
ONIONS — 50<&85c per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn, 75c@$l per
I sack'or crate: Green Peas. 2*g3c per lb; String
I Beans, 14<g24c per Ib; Wax. 24<B3c: Lima
1 Beans 3@34c per lb; Tomatoes, 25<@50c per
! box; Summer Squash, 35f^iOc per box; Cab
i bage, 60c per ctl; Carrots. 75c per sack; Cu
i cumbers, 35@40c per box; Garlic, 2@3c
per lb; Green Peppers. 3O@IOc per box for
Chile and 40>@50c for Bell; Green Okra, 35®
50c per box; Egg Plant, 30@SOc per box; Mar
rowfat Squash, $10@12 per ton.
• - Poultry and Game:
There were liberal receipts of Poultry and
the market was easy for young stock, particu
larly young Roosters, and several dealers were
cutting prices in order to clean up. Large
old Roosters and good heavy Hens were in
good demand and continued to bring good
prices. Geese and Goslinga were very scarce
• and quoted higher.
j Receipts of Game were heavy and consisted
; chiefly of Hare, which were quoted lower.
The other descriptions met with a good demand
at steady prices.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 20«?22c per lb for
young and 14^ 17c for old; Geese, per pair.
j $1 75@2; Goslings. $2@2 25; Ducks. $5#6 per
! dozen for old and $5 5006 r.O for young; Hens.
I $t5.g7 for large and $4 60^5 50 for small;
I young Roosters $4 50@5 50: old Roosters. $4 60
i ©5- Fryers $4@4 50; Broilers. $3 25@3 50 for
[ large and $2 75@3 for small; Pigeons, $1 25(3
I 1 F,0 per dozen for old and $1 75@2 25 for
Squabs.
GAME — Rabbits. $1 75 per dozen for Cotton
tail $1 25 for brush: Hare. $1 per dozen; Wild
Doves, $1 25 per dozen; English Snipe, $3 50
per dozen; Gray Geese, $4 50 per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There is no change of consequence in the
quotations for Butter and Cheese. Stocks of
both are liberal, and lower grade Cheese Is
still in excessive supply, while fine mild new
rules firm.
Eggs continue to advance. Receipts of ranch
are small and growing smaller, and the mar
ket is closely cleaned up and very firm.
Receipts were ¦ 33,500 lbs Butter, 557 cases
Eggs and 33,400 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery. 27@2Sc for extras and
26c for seconds; dairy. 21«f24c; store Butter,
174@19c; cold storage, 24@25c; Eastern, 220
24c per Ib. .
CHEESE— 124c for good flats, 13@134c for
choice mild new, and ll@12c for low
er grades. Young America, 134@14c; Eastern.
154@164c: Western, 14@15c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 41@42VjC for large white se
lected and 35@40c for fair to choice; store,
25@274c: cold storage, 26®28c; Eastern, 21@
28c per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Trada In the fruit market was of amall vol
ume, as the local demand was slack and the
Inquiry for shipment on the Puget Sound
steamer was light, and, confined chiefly to
table Grapes in crates. Fancy Black Grapes
In cratea were scarce and sold well at 600
65c. per crate, but the other varieties were
abundant and easy at 40@50c. Prices of large
open boxes ranged higher under light receipts,
and Muscat, which were in very small supply,
cleaned up quickly at 85c@$l pet box. Receipts
of Wine Grapes were less liberal than on the
preceding day, bu* carried-over stock of poor 1
quality was abundant, and the market ruled 1
weak, with the demand slack. The demand
for fancy Apples was less urgent than during ,
the early Dart of the week, as all orders for I
shipment were filled. Prices, however, were
unchanged. Stocks of Peaches were very light
and they were firm at advanced prices. The
oth"r orchard fruits were in ample supply ]
and met with a fair demand at unchanged I
rates. Melons were In free supply and very I
dull, with several dealers offering large lines
below the quotations In their eagerness to ef
fect sales. The usual quantity of Berries was
received and cleaned up at the previously
quoted rates. The Panama steamer arrived
with 462 rases of Mexican limes, which were
quoted 'weak at lower prices. The other Cit
rus fruits had no quotable change.
STRAWBERRIES— $5<g7 per chest for Long
worths and $1 50*@4 for the large varieties.
RASPBERRIES— $3 MIS 5 per cHest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6<g8c per lb.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, $S WVf9 per
bbl; Coon Bay. $2 5C«?3 per box.
APPLES — $1®! 25 per box for fancy, 50<!»>
55c for good to choice 'and 25@40c for com
mon.
PEARS— Bartletts, $1@1 50; winter varie
ties, 60075c per box for common and $1@1 25
for Winter Nellls.
QUINCES— 35®00c per box.
FIGS— Black, 50©75c for double layers. 300
35c for drawers and $1 for large boxes from the
river: White, S5@50c oer box.
PRUNK.S — 50@75c per box or crate.
PEACHES — 46®C5c ior small boxes, 50@75c
for carriers and 50@60c for open boxes.
POMEGRANATES — 60075c for small boxes
and $1 25«f2 for large.
GRAPES— Isabella. 60@65c per crate; Cornl
chon," 50<g60c per crate; other varieties, 255?
40c for amall boxes, 40<g65c for crates and
COcffJl for large open boxes; Wine ' Grapes
$18@22 per ton for Zlnfandel. $15<gl8 for MU
rion.itnd $12®15.for White and Tokay.
MELONS — Cantaloupes, 75c$f$l 25 per crate-
Nutmeg Melons, 30® 65c per box; Watermelons,
5® 1 5c each.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $2 50®3 for
fancy Valcndas, $2®2 60 for choice and $1®
$1 50 for. standard: Lemons, $1<3>3 per box:
Grape. Fruit. $1 50fi2 50; Mexican Limes, $4®
4 50; Bananas, $1 25@2 per bunch; Pine
apples, $2<B3 per j dozen.
Dried ; Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey
Firmness contlnves all along the line, with
GearAt 6s.. 45 90 Powel-st 6s.. — 114
H C & S 54*101 — S E GAR 5s. — 103
H C A S 5s. 9S&10O SF A SJVSs. — 117»i
Hon R T 6«.106 108 a R of C 6s.ll2»4 —
L A Elec 5s. — 105 .S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5s. .1111411341 (1909) 107»i —
L A L Co «s — — U910) 10S4 —
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 5?.I02 — (19O5)Sr A. 102 —
LAP lem 6s. 9S% — U9O5)Sr B. 102*4 —
Mkt-st C 6s.ll8 — (1906) ....1044 —
Do 1cm 5b. - 116 ri912) — —
NRR Of C 6slO7Hiro SPC 1 cz 5» — 119
Do Bs — 117 Do stmpd.lC8%109
N P C R 5s. — 1084 S P B> R t*. — 13ft
N C R 5s.. — 113 Is V Wat Cs.lO5*i —
N C P C 58.100 101 Do 4s 2dm. — 100 14
»N S R 5s... 100 — Do 4s 3dm. 99}i —
O G L H 5s. — — Stkn GAE «s 8s —
O T Co 6s.. — 121 U G & E 5*. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 60 I Port Costa.. — —
Marin Co 61 — |Sp V W Co. 41 414
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 34 4U Sac E G A R — —
Eqult Gas .. 4% 54 S F G & E. 6« —
Mutual E L 12 13 S F Gas — —
Pac G Imp.. 52 M Stock G A E 5 —
Pae Lighting 54 — U G & B — . —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G A E. 66% 67 I
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.325 350 I
— BANK STOCKS'.
Am Nat Bk. — 127 L P A A — 1«74
Anglo-Cal .. — 94 MerTrutt...— 250
Bank of Cal. 475 490 Merch Ex... — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 160 S F Nation!. — —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger SAL. — — Sav A L Poc. 95 —
Hum 8 & L. — — Sec Sav Bk..40O —
Mutual Sav.. — - — Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav U..600 700
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..1974205 IPresldlo .... — 41
Geary — — j
POWDER.
Giant CSV* — IVlgorit — 5
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. 10c — Kilauea 8 C. — 10
Hawaiian C. 45# — Makawell C. 21 22
Honokaa S C 13 134 Onomea S C. 32 33
Hutch SPC 11VI lT4 Paauhau B C — 17
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Paek.1554166 Oceanic S C. — 7
Cal Fruit As. 94 — Pac A F A. 2% —
Cal Wine As. — 97X4 Pae C Borax.167 —
Morning; Session.
• Board —
150 Hana Plantation Co 15c
35 S F Gas & Electric Co 67 00
Street — • '
SO Mutual Electric Light 12 25
$16,000 U S 4 per cent (old reg.) 110 25
Afternoon Session.
Board —
$8000 Bay Counties Power Co 5 per etlO4 P0
40 California Fruit Canners* 94 no
$2000 S P of C * per ct (19Oft. 8r. A). 102 25
70 Spring Valley Water Co 41 25
50 S F Gas A Electric Co ,.. 68 50
50 Trustees' Certificates (S F G A E> 66 5O
Street —
10 Mutual Electric Light 12 25
$4000 North Shore 3 per cent 100 25
$5000 Powell-st R R 6 per cent bonds.112 R0
35 S F Gas A Electric Co 67 00
$16,000 S P of Arizona (1909) 107 75
$4000 8 P of Arizona (1910) 108 50
Calif orn ia Stock and O il Exchange
011 Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Alma 1 45
Apollo 40
Associated Trust Cert 20 23
Aztec 80
California Standard 11 12
Caribou 1 CO 1 10
Central Point Con 65
Chicago Crude 21
Claremcnt 24 40
Esperanza 125
Four 6« 60
Fulton 300
Giant 20
Hanford 138 00 141 0O
Home 80 85
Imperial 13 *K>
Independence 17 IS
Junction 20
Kern 5 124
Kern River 11 00 14 00
Lion 03 04
Monarch "iot Arizona) 50 53
Monte Cristo 75 77>i
Occidental of West Virginia 17 18
Oil City Petroleum 2% 30
Peerless 13 50 14 00
Plttsburg 23
Reed Crude 39 41
S. F. & McKlttrlck 2 75
San Joaquin O. A D 5 25
Senator 60 70 I
Sovereign 40
Sterling 2 85 3 0<>
Superior 06 W7
Thirty-three 8 00
Toltec... 21
Twenty-eight 4. 00 4 25
West Shore 2 90 3 25
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Improvement 1 65
Alameda Sugar 29 00
American Biscuit 83 00 95 00
American District Telegraph
Cal Gaa & Electric Corp
California Cotton Mills 88 00 85 00
California Jockey Club 105 00
Cal Shipping Co 25 00
Cal Title Insurance & Trust.. 130 00 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland .... 60 00
Chutes Company .• 8 25
Cypress Lawn 7 25
Fischer's Theater 2 75
Gas Consumers' Association 22 50
Honolulu Sugar 15 00
Northern California Power. . . 9 00 9 50
North Shore Railroad 9 00
Orpheum Company 15 25
Pacific States Tel & Tel 115 00
Parafflne Paint 00
San Francisco Dry Dock 47 00
Sanitary Reduction "Works... 2 25 :
Sausallto Land & T"erry 16 0O
Sperry Flour Company 27 50 30 00
Standard Electric 18 00
Tesla Coal Co... 30 00
Truckee Electric 13 25
Union Sugar 22 60
United Gas A Electric 34 50
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
200 Monarch 50
800 Chicago Crude 21
400 Home 824
100 Home s 60 90
100 Home s 60 .874
100 Home, s 60 85
100 Home, s 60 824
100 Home, s 60 m
600 Home, s 30 80
50 Sovereign 40
Afternoon Session.
Board —
800 Home. 80
400 Home b 30 824
10 Sterling 3 00
100 Sterling 2 90
100 Fischer's 2 60
250 Monarch 50
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE..
The following were the sales on the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
400 Andes 19 j 300 Justice 07
100 Belcher 18 300 Keyes Graesslr U2
100 Caledonia 93 200 Keyes Graessir tw
300 Justice OCJ 200 Potosi- 25
Afternoon Session.
600 Alpha ...• 06J200 Hale & Xorc. 6S
100 Belcher 18 300 Ken tuck 02
100 Crown 'Point.. 22 200 Keyes Graesslr 05
300 Gould & Cur.. 23 300 Mexican 1 10
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday :
Morning Session.
300 Belcher .... 19 100 Mexican ...1 07«i
100 Caledonia . 9.1 300 Overman . . 2-T
200 Gould A Cur 23 300 Savage 27
300 Justice 07 200 Sierra Nev. 57
600 Justice 08 200 Union Con. . 68
200 Justice. 10 200 Tellow Jack 46
1000 Justice 09
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes 19 500 Justice .... 09
300 Belcher .... IS 2«0 Mexican ...1 07 U
200 Choi lar 25 100 Ophlr 1574
100 C C A Va..l 35 300 Potosi 26
300 Crown Point 22 200 Savage 27
400 Gould A Cur 23 200 Union Con .. 68
200 Hale & Norc 58
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales on the San
Francisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yes
terday :
Morning . Session.
1000 Esperanza 02 500 Ton A Cal 24
200 Montana Ton. 9n 100 Ton N Star. .. 34
. 100 Pine Orove... 80
Afternoon Session.
20O Esperanza ... 02! 650 Ton Midway.. 40
100 Montana Ton. 991. 400 Ton N Star... 34
500 Montana Ton. 9«i 100 Ton N Star... 33
300 Pine Grove... 811
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Oct. S— 4 p. m .
Bld.Ask; Bid.Ask.
Alpha t* Oi Julia Oft 0»J
Alta 03 05 Justice m 10
Andes 1» 20'Kentuck 02 0.1
Belcher ..... 17 l'J|K Graessler. . P«
Best A Belch. 1 50 1 70|Mexican 1 Oft 1 1O
Bullion 09 10 Occidental ... 25 27
Caledonia .... 93 94JOphir 1 a 1 w
Challengei... 30 32 Overman 22 2*
Chollar ...... 24 26. Potosi 2.'. 2fi
Confidence ... 74 SO Savage 2»> 2S
Con Cal & V.I 35 1 40|s«gr Belcher.. 07 OS
Con Imperial.. 03 04 Scorpion 02 K!
Con N Y 17 18 Sierra Nev... r.(? 5.S
Crown Point.. 2t 23 Silver Hill.. . 59 60
Eureka Con.. 40 50 St Louis 11 — .
Exchequer... 13 It Syndicate ... 04 06
Gould & Cur. 22 23 Union Con... f« 70
Hale A Nore. 57 59 L'tah 2O 21
Lady Wash..., 03 04lYH Jacket 46 47
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Esp>ran*a ".:. 01 02 Pine Grove .. SO. 90
Lucky Tom . . — 10 Rescue OS 10 ,
1 Nor * West pf d ¦ 87
Or.t & West 1.300 21 20Vi 20
Pennsylvania 4O.3(tf> list; 117^ 117^
Pitts. C C & St L. 100 61 61 60
Beading lP.OW 47 45M, 45>i
Reading 1st p'd 500 75% .54 75
Reading 2d pfd 60,
Rock Island Co.... 22.<V» 25 23S *-<*
Rock Inland Co pf<» 3 r >0 59 P<4 B7*4
St Louie 4 S F ™J
S L i- S F 1st pfd 6O
S L A P F 2d pfd.. «*> «S% «^ 45
St Louis SW 20rt 134 13H 13
St Louis PW pM.. 200 30<i SOS 29
Pt Paul 17,800 137 1354 1*5%
St Paul r>M 17 °
So Pacific 6 100 41% 4OIJ +«^
Po Railway l.WVJ 18*, 18 18
BO Railway pfd... W> 76Vi <6»s -6
Tex A- Psc. #*> 23 22H 22H
T, Pt L ft W 100 17V4 17*4 1*
¦ T St L & W pfd 24
(Union Pacific 3ft.3f<0 71 69*, 69^
i Union Pa'lfle pM ••; f* 1 *
Wabash 2O0 I'H *8H IS
Wgbash rfd 2.O0O 3O«* 23', » ¦•«
W & Lake Erie 14H
Wis Central 300 16 15% 15%
Wisconsin On pfd. 100 35*i U0»i 35H
Express Companies—
I Adams ... 223
; American l £
1 Hnited States
W>n»-F 1 arro 20 °
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper. .143.350 3s»i 35% S5»4
Am Car & Found.. 3.400 25^ 24% 25
Am Car & F rfd.. 100 75 M T.'.Vi *».
I Am Linseed Oil <|H
; Am Lin Oil rfd 2 .
: Am Locomotive ... 4<*> 14V 4 14% 14«*
Am Locomotive pfd 700 R0^ 7» 7 , 79^
Am Pmelt & net.. $>.2<v» 4l«* 40% 4OL,
Am Smelt & R pfd 1.300 «7i» «.'% P7
Am Sugar R»f .... H.7f>0 110^ 10S>, 1OSH
Anaconda. Min Co. . 700 69% 66 67
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 9.700 34 * "2% 36%
Colo Fuel A Iron.. 300 40 40 40
Columbus & H Coal ••• «0
Consolidated Gm .. 700 171*4 t«<>H '<l
General Electric .. 1.100 144Vi 140^ 142
Internet Paper
Internat Paper pfd JSH
1 Internat Pump 33Vj
i Internat Pump pfd «0
National Biscuit .. 400 37 3G l i 38H
National Lead IS
North American... 100 71^ 71^4 il
Pacific Mail - *8h
Peop!e'» Gas 1.70O Pl*i WHi f>OVi
Pressed Steel Car.. 800 33 32 32V*
Pressed S Car pfd " <J
Pullman Pal Car 211
Republic Steel 200 9 9 8!4
Republic Steel pfd 1.0W 8!1« W 60
Rubber Goods 200 14% U*± 14
Rubber Goods pfd. 67H
Tena Coal & Iron. 6.7OO 31 «i 20 29%
U 8 Leather "On 6!* C,% «%
U S Leather pfd... 400 76^ "0 "*
U S Rubber l"0 10 10 10
U S Rubber Pfd 3o
TT S Steel 60.200 16^ I4T4 14"^
U S Steel pfd 6,400 65 «2Vi 62%
Western Union ... 600 82 H Sl% 81%
Total sales ...603.300 .
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW TORK. Oct. 8.— United^ Railroads of
San Francisco bond traaFactions — 10.000 at $77.
NEW TORK BONDS.
V S ref 2s reg,.10C>4! Louie A N Uni 4e 38%
Do coup 10«Vj|Manlia.ttan c g 4s.l00
Do 3e r»g 107»i|Mex Central 4s . 70
Do coup 1084! Do let inc 13^
Do new 4s reg.135 Minn &. St L 4a. 064
Do coup 135 MK4T4S 97V*
Do old 4s reg..llOU Do 2ds 76
Do coup 1104 iN R R of M c 4s 73
Do Rs reg 102 4 N Y Cent g 34s. 974
Do coup 1024 IN T Cent g 5s.. .128%
: Atchison gen 4s. 9S.\i iNor Pac 4s 1004
Do adjt 4s »0 ! Do 3s 7O4
Atlantic C L 4s. 90% I Nor & West c 4s. 94%
1 Balto & Ohio 4s. 99% Or S L 4s & P. 94
Do 34e 93% Penn con 314s ... 9514
Cent of Ga. 5s. ..104 %: Reading Gen 4s.. 954
Do let Inc €5 iSt L & I M c 5s.lO94
Ches & O 44«--l"l**iSt L & S F fg 4s 8Hi
I Chi & Alton 34s. 724 ISt L 8 W lsts.. 04*;
C B & Q new 4s. 92 Seaboard Air L 4s «»4
C M & S P g 4s.lO6 (Southern Pac 4s.. 85
Chi & N W c 7s.. 131%. Southern Ry 6s.. 1124
C R I & P R R 4s 71%|Tex & Pac lsta.1144
Do col 6s 73 iTol St L A W 4s. 6S?i
CCC&SLg4s »5»4 . Union Pac 4s ...100
Chi Term 4s 73 j Do conv 4s 9.1*4
Con Tobacco 4s .. B3\»{U 8 Steel 2ds 5s. 71%
Colo A So 4s K34lWabaeh lsts 114
D & R G 4s... .. 9S*it Do Deb B 53
Erie prior lien 4s. »0%|W & L Erie 4s. 86
Do gen 4s 83 Wis Cent 4s 80»i
Ft W & D C lsts. 103 Colo F & 1 76
Hocking Val 44s.lO5 i
NEW TORK MINING STOCKS.
I Adams Con 10 Little Chief 06
Alice 15 Ontario 4 50
Breece 12jOphir 1 45
Brunswick Con 04|Phoenlx 07
Comstock Tunnel.. 06 Potosi 23
Con Cal & Va...l 25 Savage 23
Horn Silver 1 OOlSUrra Nev 60
Ircn Silver 1 70 : Small Hope* 20
Leadvllle Con 02<Standard 175
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — I Westlnghse Com.. 08
Call loans 3fl4| Mining-
Time loans 500! Adventure 3Vi
Bonds — JAllouez 4U
Atchison 4« 9V**1 Amalgamated ... 36'*
Mexican Cent 4s.. 7i j Daly West SJ«
Tinilroads — JSins-ham 21
Atchteon 62 *i Calumet A Hecla.135
Atchison pfd S7»i Centennial 15
Boston A Albany. 247 Copper Range 45 Vi
Boston A Maine. .i60 Dominion Co&i... 69
Bcston Elevated.. 304 I&ie Uoyale 6',i
K V. N H & H..194»-4; Mohawk 3«>
Kitchburg pfd.. ..1354 Old Dominion 4*4
Union Pacific... (59%iOsceola f.l
Miscellaneous — Parrot 17
American Sugar. .108% Quincy 82
Am Pugar ptd 116*^j Fanta Fe Copper. 14
Am TpI A Tel... 113 Tamarack 76
Horn Iron & Steel. 9 Trinity 6Vi
r,en*r»\ Electric. .142 United States.... 17U
Mass Klectric 1» Utah 21
Mass Eler pfd... T74 Victoria 3
T.'nlted Fruit .94 Winona <i',i
U K Steel U% Wolverine 6'J
a S Bteel pfd 62W
LONDON CLOSING STOCKg.
fons for money.. 68%| N Y Central 121 l i
Con« for acrt. ..8-S 5-1*. Norfolk & Westn. fiS^i,
Anaconda 3%| Nor A West pfd.. 904
Atchison W%{ Ontar:o & Westn. 21 H
Atchison pfd »iv; I Pennsylvania .... 604
Bslt A Ohio 73-\! Hand Mines 8%
Canadian Pacific. 123-^ ; Reading 24
<t!*s A Ohio .11 .Reading lsi pfd.. 39
<"hgo G Westn 16 Reading 2d pfd.. 32
Chgo. M & Pt P. 140 r )ij Southern Ry 1»
r»» Beers 19i4|fy)uthern Ry rfd. 7f>4
Denver A Rio Gr. 2-V Southern Pacific. 42>- t
D & R G pfd 72 ; Union Pacific ... 02%
F.rl» 2< '•« Union Pacific pfd. P7 "j
Erie 1st pfd C*H U S St-el ifi\,
F:rie ?<i pM 49>i U S Bto.fl pfd.... <W4
!IHr.ois «>i.tral...i:K«i '.Vahash 20
I»uIm-I A Na*n..I01U|\V«iba«h pfd 32
Mo. Kans A Tex. 17% I
Bar sliver. *>n*y, 27 7-16d p*r ounce. Motvy.
1'*«jH; xxr cent. The rate of discount in the
open market for short bills is 3%{?:; 7-16 per
MM; an.1 for three months' bills 3 7-16'g;;; 1 ,i
per icnt.
New York Grain and-Producc.
NEW YORK, Oct. 8.— FLOUR— Receipts,
21.400 barrels; exports, 8500 barrels; fairly
active and firmer.
WHEAT— Receipts. 37.000 bushels; spot Ir
regular; No. 2 red, 81 He elevator and 83%c '
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth. 00%c f.
o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, H2%e f. o.
b. afloat, l^ed by December, which reflected
artlvlty among shorts, wheat was firmer this
•morning. Other features were steady cables,
higher outside markets and very light offerings.
Later the market further advanced on covering
•n4 closed 4c net higher. May. 82 9-16®
K34c. closed at 83 5-J6c; December. S4 5-16@>
&5%c. closed at &&*4c.
WOOL — Qui»t
PETROLEUM— Firm.
PUOAR-Raw. steady; refined, steady.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. firm; No. 7 invoice,
5 8-USo; mild, firm. Futures closed steady, net
unchanged to 5 points higher; rales. 64,500
bags. Including October 4.65c; Decetnter. 4.95©
5c: March. 5.1505.25c; May. .'..3505. 40c; July.
5.4£@5.50c; September. 5.60c.
DRIED FRUITS.
l mon are quoted at 4@5c; prime, 5«i@5Hc;
choice. t:g6^c: fancy. 6*i©7c.
PRUNES— Are firmly held, though business
is rather less active; quotations range from
H'ic to 7c for all trades.
APRICOTS— Are firmly held, with choice at
("4@fi^(?; extra choice. Oli^lOHe; fancy at
ini4igi2c
p'EACHES — Quiet but steady; choice. ~**&
~\c; extra choice, 7%©SV4c: fancy, »*i@10V»c.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Oct. 8.— Active, buying of De
r»mber wheat by commission houses and brok
ers caused a strong tone in that grain and an
a result of this urgent demand the near by
delivery rose to th» level of the May option.
¦ Opening prices were firm on steady cables,
December being unchanged to He higher at
i 77%@77Aie to 77*4@77 T^c. There was a dis
position on the part of the general trade to
regard th« early strength as a joke, and scalp
ers »old on the Advance In expectation of a
reaction. But the firmness did not yield and
the character of tJie buying seemed to indicate
support from one of the most prominent bullfe.
As a result shorts covered freely and the mar
ket advanced with the session. The big ad
vances at St. Louis and Minneapolis, together
with the small primary receipts and the larg*
premiums offered for the cash article wer«
bull factors later in the day. and prices con
tinued strong up to 1 the close. December
closed 78%c. after It had touched 78T4@"»c.
Corn remained strong with wheat and a
greater inclination to buy. December closed
He higher at 45%c.
Oats followed other grains. December
: closed %@44c up at 36>/4®36%c.
There were breaks all along the line in prc
vlslor.s early in the day on liberal commission
1 house selling with little demand. The severe
1 decline in hog prices during the week was the
1 principal depressing influence. January pork
closed 15e lower, lard off 12'^e and ribs 10®
12><4e down.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Article* — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
December 77% 78% 77<* 78»i
May 781* 79 78 78%
Corn No. 2 —
October "Js
December 45^, 45% 45 45^
May 441* « T * ?*%
Oats No. 2 —
October 38 39S 39 36%
Deceml»r S6H 37 36 86%
May 37 37% 36 T » 37*4
Mess Perk, per bbl —
October ........10 90 1100.10 90 1100
January 12 00 12 17^12 00 12 00
May 12 30 12 32Vi 12 15 12 17^
Lard per X00 lbs —
October 6 75 6 90 6 75 6 i5
December 6 60 6 65 6 65 6 65
January 660 6 70 660 660
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
October 8 50 9 00 8 17^4 9 00
January « 40 6 47H 6 35 6 37^
Cash quotations were as follow*: Flour,
strong: No. 3 wheat. 7S!£c; No. 2 red. 77!4@
79<4c- No. 2 corn. 45c; No. 2 yellow, 47tic; No.
2 oats. 36^c; Na 3 white, 36ti@383.4c; No. 2
rye. 53c; good £e«dlng barley. 42@44c; fair to
choice malting. 47050c; No. 1 flaxseed, 35c; No.
1 Northwestern. $1 02; prime timothy seed.
1 J2 SO: mess pork, per barrel. SHiffll 12 Vi; lard.
I per 100 pounds. $6 75: short ribs sides (loose),
$8 7509; dry salted shoulders (boxed). $6 BO®
6 75; short clear sides (boxed), $8 60#S 75;
: whisky, basis of high wines, $1 24; clover, con
1 tract grades. $10 75®11.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 29,500 7.000
Wheat, bushels 90.300 76,400
Corn, bushels 315,300 96,700
Oats, bushels 237,400 100,100
Rye. bushels 2.800
Barley, bushels 146,200 5.800
On th« Produce Exchange to-day the butter
. market was steady. Creamery, 15@20c; dairy.
' 14«ai«e. Cheese, steady, ll^c. Eggs, steady.
18@lflc. *
Foreign Futures. m
i LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — Oct. Dec.
Opening 6 :i%i 6 4
Closing 6 3U 6 * l i
PARIS.
Wheat — Oct. Jan.- A pi.
Opening 20 95 20 75
Closing 20 95 20 75
Flour —
Opening 29 20 27 90
Closing 29 10 27 85
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 8.— Spot tin advanced 6r
fid In London nnd futures there were 10s
higher, making the former quotations £11 7s 6d
and the latter £115. Locally tin wu quiet,
but a little steadier, closing at ?26 30926 50.
Ccpper was lower in London, spot declining
: 7s Gd to £54 10s, while futures were 10s lower
at £54 10?. Locally copper Is quiet. Lake is
quoted at $13@13 25. electrolytic at $13@13 12V4
and casting at $12 87%.
Lead is unchanged at $4 50 in New Tork, but
declined 3s 9d in London to £11 8s 6d.
Spelter was unchanged here, where it closed
at $0, and in London was quoted at £20 10s.
i Iron closed at 50s 2d in Glasgow and at 43s
I lO^jd in Mlddlesboro. Locally iron was quiet.
No. 1 foundry. Northern, at $16@17; No. 2
I foundry. Northern, at $15^16; No. 1 foundry,
Southern and No. 1 foundry. Southern, soft,
at $15@15 60.
! Nezv York Cotton Market.
,
NEW TORK, Oct. 8. — The cotton market
closed 6 points lower.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Oct. 8. — CATTLE — Receipts
14.000. Western, dull and 15c to 25c lower;
good to prime steers, $5 10®5 85; poor to me
dium, $3 5O@4 75; stockers and feeders. $2 25<3>
4;, cows. $1 40@4 40; heifers. $2@5 30; can
ners. $1 40@3 50; bulls, $2@4 30; calves,
$2 5O@5 70; Texas fed steers, |2 25@3 25;
Western steers, $3@4 60.
; HOGS — Receipts to-day, 20,000; to-morrow,
I 15,000; 20c to 35c lower — dull. Mixed and
butchers, $5 7."J?5 85; good to choice heavy,
: $5 10®5 50; rough heavy. $4 75©5 10; light,
$5 25ft 5 80; bulk of aalee. $5 10@5 50.
SHEEP— Receipts. 25,000. Steady; Iambs,
steady to 10c lower; good to choice wethers,
$3 36@4; fair to choice mixed, $2 25@3 25;
Western sheep. $2 25S4 25: native lambs,
$3 50@5 25; Western lambs, $4 40@5 50.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. Oct. 8.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 2800; steady, 10c lower. Natives, $4®
5 SO; cows and heifers. $1 50@4 75; stockers
and feeders, $2 7504 25.
HOGS — Receipts, 2700; 15@25c lower. Light,
$5 6."<!g5 80; medium and heavy, $5 10@5 75
SHEEP— Receipts, 6000; steady.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 8.— WOOL — Nominal. Of
ferings light. Medium grades, combing and
clothing. 17@21c; light fine, 15@17Vac; heavy
fine. 12@14V4c; tub washed. " 20@30c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Oct 8.— Clearings. $779,624; bal
ances, $131,025.
TACOMA. Oct. 8. — Clearances, $319,358 • bal
ances. $42,639.
PORTLAND. Oct. 8.— Clearings, $792,157
balances. $70,135.
SPOKANE. Oct. 8.— Clearings, $358,186; bal
ances, $36,644.
Northern Wheat Market.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Oct. «.— Wheat lc higher. Blue
stem. 79c; club, 75c. ¦"¦ ;
OREGON. ', V « v
PORTLAND, Oct. 8.— Wh»at— Walla Walla,
"4e; bluestem, 77c; valley, 76@77c.
S; - : -, somewhat lower. Exchange rates unchanged.
¦111-.: -'¦¦'-' Barley futures continue to advance.
< '.;:. selling very ivell at steady prices. Corn iveak and quiet,
$ ra n, "UddHr.gs and Hay firm and unchanged.
Beans continue li-cak, with several sorts still lourr.
Rvfter and Cheese in good supply and unchanged.
Choice Eggs in light receipt and supply and higher.
¦ ? \cd Fruits in demand and firm. Walnuts higher.
Hogs coming in freely and rather iccak.
Poultry and Game m large receipt and easy.
Supplies of Potatoes. Onions* and J'egctnbles continue large.
! ight demand for Fresh Fruits, with supplies ample.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
John Burns, a laborer, was arrested on
Jessie j=tr?<>t r>n Wednesday night r>y Fn
liceman W. J. Ix>?an for beinat drunk, and
whm he appeared with th<? other inebri
ates before Police Judsfp Cabaniss yester
day morningr It was r-'itl^M that both of
his trousers pockets had b**>n cut out. H«
said he had gone into a saloon and
changed a $20 sold piece and he supposed
that some of the men in th» saloon had
followed him and robbed him.
His Pockets Cut Out.
a zood demand. The local trade are quotirg
higher prices for Walnuts, with a flnn-mar-
I fcet.
NEW FRUIT— Apricots. 7@9&c for Royals
! and 9©llc for Moorparka; Evaporated Apples,
4>i(g6c; sun-dried, 3%04c; Peaches, 3@7c;
Pears. C&lOc; Nectarines, 4@5^c; Figs, white.
4i*4%c in boxes; Plums, pitted, 5@8c per ib.
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2%©3%c for the four
Elzes.
RAISINS — Following are opening prices free
on board to common shipping points: Imperial
clusters. ?3 per 20-lb box; Dehesa clusters.
$2 50: fancy clusters, $2; 3-crown London Lay
ers, $1 55; 2-crown London Layers, $1 45; 4
i crown standard loose Muscatels, 6%@7c per
' lb; 3-crown standard looee Muscatels, 6<4@
6V4c; 2-crown standard Muscatels. , 0®6V»c;
Seedless Muscatels, 5c: Seedless Muscatels,
I floated. 5V4c; Seedless standard Sultanas, 5c;
I Thompson Seedless standard, 6c. The follow
ing quotations on seeded are for a limited
! quantity only: Fancy, 16 ounces per lb, 7?*c;
i fancy, 12 ounces per package, 6%c; choice, 16
ounces per lb, 7»£c; choice. 12 ounces per pack
age, 6%c; fancy, bulk, per lb, 7^c; choice,
bulk, per lb. 7 Vic.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softehell. 13>ic; No.
2, ll^c; No. 1 hardshell, 13c; No. 2. lie;
Almonds, lie for Nonpareils. luViC for 1 X L,
10%c for Ne Plus Ultras and 8%c for Langue
doc; Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern; Pecans. 119
13c: Cocoanuts, $4 r>0@5.
HONEY — Comb, new, 12%@13%c for white
and '.'Sllc for amber; new water white ex
tracted, SHSfl^c; light amber extracted, 5c;
dark, SVie-lHc.
BEESWAX— 27@29c.
Provisions.
! The Chicago market waa quiet and irregu
| lar. and weak on the whole. Thia market, con
tinued as before.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. I2%c per lb for
heavy, 13c for light medium, 15c for light,
15 Vic for extra light, 18^c for sugar-cured and
19c for extra sugar-cured; Eastern sugar
cured Hams, 15^4c@15%c; California Hams. 15
@15V4c; Mess Beef, $11 50 per bbl: exlra Mess.
1 $12gl2 50; Family, $13@13 50; prlVe Mes»
Pork, ?19; extra clear. $25; Mess. $20; Dry
Salted Pork. 12 &c; Pig Pork, $28; Pigs* Feet.
$5 25: Smoked Beef, 15c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7*ic per lb for
compound and 0?4c for pure; half barrels,
pure, 10V*c; 10-lb tins, lie; 5-lb tins, Jl'sc;
3-Ib tins, ll*4c.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel, 9%c; three
half barrels, 9V£c; one tierce, 9%e: two tierces,
9V 4 c; five tierces, 0H c P*"" lb
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS-— Culls and brands sell
.about H4c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 9%c; medium. 8%c; light, 8c; Cow
Hides, 8c for heavy and He for light; Stags,
6c; Salted Kip, 8%c; Salted Veal. 9^c;
Salted Calf, 10c; dry Hides, 15@15«4c; dry Kip,
'13c; dry Calf, 17c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 250
30c each; short wool. 40@50c each: medium, 7u
®90c; long wool. $1@1 50 each; Horse Hides,
salt. $2 75 for large and $2@2 50 for medium,
$1 25@1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry, Jl 75 for Urge and $1 50 for me
dium, $1@1 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican, 32^c; dry salted
Mexican. 26c; dry Central American, 12%c
Goat Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 6Oc; medium, 35c: small, 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4%@4&e per lb;
No. 2. 4®4Vic: grease, 2^@3c. *
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquln Lambs'. 95}
12c: Foothill. 10@12c; Middle County, ll@13c.
Quotations for spring clip are as follows:
Humboldt and Mendocino, 18@20c; Nevada. 13
@15c; Valley Oregon, fine, lS®19c; do medium,
17®lSc: do. coarse, lo"S17c per lb.
HOPS — 22®25c per lb for California and 20
<§25c for Oregon.
Meat Market.
I The packers report receipts of Hogs fully up
! to market needs, and say they have all they
' can take care of. The tendency of prices is
ratht-r downward.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are aa follows:
BEEF— t>@7c for Steers and 5@6Hc per lb
' for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 6%@8c; small. 8@10c per
! pound.
i MUTTON — Wethers, 7^a@8c; Ewes. 7®7%e
j per pound.
I LAMB — 91?10c per pound.
I PORK— Dressed Hogs, 8V4S9Me per pound.
; LIVESTOCK MARKET.
; The following quotations are for good, sound
i Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less CO
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
! CATTLE — Steers. 8@9c; Cows and Heifers,
' 7©Sc; thin Cows. 4@5c per pound.
CALVES — t!S5Hc per pound (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 3%S3»4c; Ewes. 383V£c
• per pound (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 75®3 per head.
] HOGS— Live Hogs, 150 to 250 lbs. 5y t @5%c;
I under lfO lbs. S^-SS^c; Sows, 20 per cent off:
Boars, 50 per cent off, and Stags, 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags, 5<35#c; San Quentin,
5.55c; Wool Bags, 32®35c; Fleece Twine, 7%
! (g8c; Cotton Fruit Bags, 6%c. (J%c and 7%o
for the' three grades; Brown Jute. 6^@-7%c.
I COAL — Wellington. ?S per ton; New Wel
lington. $8: Seattle. $6 50; Bryant, $6 50; Bea
ver Hill. $5 50; Stanford, $7; Roslyn, J7; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Greta, $7; Wallsend, »7; Rich
j mond. $7 GO; Cumberland, $13 in bulk and
i $14 25 in sacks: Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13;
¦ Welsh Lump. $11 50; Cannel. $8 60 per ton;
j Coke. $11 50@i:S per ton in bulk and $15 in
i sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 45 per
I 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to brand.
OIL — Linseed. 49c for boiled and 47c for raw
! In barrels: cases, 5c more; Castor Oil, In cases,
| No. 1. 70c; Bakers' AA. $1 10@l 12; Lucol, 44c
: for boiled and 42c for raw in barrels; Lard Oil,
¦ extra winter strained, barrels. 90c; cases, 95c:
China Nut. 55®70c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot. ',
¦ in barrels, 75c: cases. 80c: Sperm, pure, 75c: !
• Whale Oil, natural white, 50ff55c per gallon;
¦j Fish OH. in barrels, 4f.c; cases, 50c; Cocoanut
i Oil. In barrels, 5Sc for Ceylon and 65c for Aus
• tralian.
1 COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil in bulk.
I 14'^.c ;Pearl Oil in cases. 21c; Astral. 21c;
! Star, 21c; Extra Star, 25c; Elaine. 27c; Eocene,
1 24c; deodorized Stove Gasoline, In bulk. 17c;
! in cases, 23^c; Benzine, in bulk, 13c; In cases,
j l'.HAo; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 21c; in
j cases, 27 Vic.
I TURPENTINE— 80c per gallon in cases and
! 74c in drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6iic@
7c per lb; White Lead, 6Mi@7c. according to
i quantity.
; RICE— China, No. 2, $4 32ij@4 37Vi No. 1,
! $5 75@5 90; extra No. 1, $6 40@6 50; Hawaiian,
$5 25: Japan, $5 45©C; Louisiana. $4 50@7.
; SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com-
I pany quotess as follows, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A CrusTied and Fine Crushed. 5.85c;
| Powdered, 5.70c; Candy Granulated, 5.70c; Dry
Granulate^ fine, 5.60c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
j 6.60c; FH(f Granulated, 5.60c; Beet Granulated
! (100-lb bags only), 5.45c; Confectioners' A.
1 5.60c; Magnolia A. 5.20c; Extra C, 5.10c; Gold r
i en C. 5c; "D." 4.90c; barrels. 10c more; half
' barrels. 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 5O-lb bags.
' 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels,
i 6.10c; boxes, 6.35c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or ita equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. OCTOBER 8.
Flour, qr sks... 11.4S0]Broomcorn, bdls 50
IVheat, ctls 6,095 Screenings, sks. 400
liarley. ctls 2.290 J'horts. sks 25
Corn, ctls 325 fallow, ctls 210
Sye. ctls 1.1 15 Pelts, No 215
Beans, sks 9.R73 Hides, No. f,03
Potatoes, sks... 4.375 Sugar, ctls SCO
Dnions. sks 410 Quicksilver, flks. 3
Keed. pks 22 Leather, rolls... 3R0
Bran, sks 1,330 Wine, gals 33.800
Middlings, sks.. l.S.VJ Raisins, bxs 500
Hay. tons...... 5S6 Chicory, bbls... 45
Hops, bales 65 Paper, rms 513
Wool, bales 2501
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks... 7,44S|Bran. sks 2.400
Wheat, ctls ' 360 Middlings, sks.. 560
Oats, ctls 2,365i Shorts, sks 1,250
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 500
There was a very fair business In bonds,
especially In the afternoon, but stocks were
quiet and unchanged. The principal activity
in oil stocks was in Home, which sold still
lower at 87%@80c, against 05c on the pre
ceding day.
I. \V. Hellman and C. O. G. Miller have
been elected directors of the San Francisco
Gap and Electric Company.
The Spring ¦ -Valley Water Company <new
corporation) ha» declared a dividend of. 21 cents
per share payable October 12. The only way
the holders of the old Spring Valley Water
Works stock now outstanding can obtain this
dividend is by sending or bringing the old
stock to the offlre and receiving In exchange
therefor the new stock at the rate of two
shares for one Fhare of the old.
The California Street Cable Railroad Com
pany will pay a regular monthly dividend of
75 cents per share October 14.
The Atchison. Topeka and Santa Fe Rail
way Company has declared a resrular ncml
annual dividend of 2 per cent on the common
stock. ¦
v Stock and Bond Exchange.
THURSDAY. Oct. 8— 2 p. tn.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Aek. Bid.Ask.
4s qr coup . . — — .4s ir c (new) — —
48 qr res — — Ss qr coup.. — —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W r.s. — — O T Co5s.. — 112U
Bay CPC f>(-.103TslOMi Do con Sa.liXJ —
Cal C G'Sb.IOS^ — O WC s 5s. — —
Cal G & E (? Oceanic S 5s. 75 "ft
m & ct 5s. — V 102% Om C R 6s. — 122H
Cal-st 5s.... — — Pac G Im 4s.' — — .
O.C Wat 5s. — 102 P K Ry 5s.lOO%110%
E L & P 69.125 ISO P & C II 6s. — —
F & C H 6s. — 116}$ P & O R tis. — —
MacNamar* . 15 17!Ton Belmt..l 13 1 22*i
Misrah Ex .. — .12 Ten A Cal... — 2*
Mont Ton ... !*5 USJTon N Star.. 33 Xi
Paymaster ... — 20,l'n!t*"1 Ton .. 10 15
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. OCTOBER 9, 1903,
LOCAL MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
STOCK MARKET.
] ADVEBTISEMEinS.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND ATFAIB3
OF THE
ImCnESTER
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF MANCHESTER. ENGLAND, ON THS
31st day cf December. A. D. 1902. and
for the year ending on that day. as made t:>
the Insurance Commissioner of the State of
California, pursuant to the provisions of Sec-
tions 610 and 611 of the Political Code, con-
densed as rer blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company. . $4,500 CO
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonde owned by Company. 1,328.660 CO
Cash in Company's Office 2,158 34
Cash in Banks 218.S34 52
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 8,324 17
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection 279,859 03
Bills ' receivable. not Matured.
taken for Fire and Marine Risks. 198 40
Total Assets $1,833,534 45
LIABILITIES. ~ ~
Loasn adjusted and unpaid $34,254 19
Losses in process of Adiustment
or In Suspense 52.12S 7*
Losses resisted, including expenses. 37,215 S3
Gross premiums on Fire Risk? run-
ning one year or less. $1,090.-
871 85; reinsurance 60 per cent.. 545.435 93
Gro?s premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $368,-
2S7 24; reinsurance pro rata... r>fV),«e.3 05
All other liabilities 77,133 U
Total Liabilities $1,247.192 49
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for
Fire premiums $1,369,144 83
Received for interest snd dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and
from all other sources 43.453 t*
Total Income $1.41X603 0»f
EXPENDITURES.
Net amo»nt paid for Fire Lessee
(including $173,022 81. losses of
previous years) $304,391 57
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 278.670 81
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 112.357 73
Paid for State National and Local
taxes «.*73 7*
All other payments and expendi-
tures 1C3.3S9 4^
Total Expenditures $1.341. 2SS S3
~ Fire.
Losses incurred during the year.. .$741.331 10
Risks and Premiums. | Fire Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of Risks] j
written durlnt: the . I
year ! $155.983.237'$2.009.044 8O
Net amount of Risks! I
expired during the! I
year 174.901.440! 2. C03, 731 3«
Net amount in force •
December 31. 1302. .| 17n.979.fi24J S.059.159tt>
~~~ GEO. 3. A. YOUNG. U. S. Manaxer.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. thia
29th day of January. 1903.
EDWIN F. CORET.
Commissioner for California in New York.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
THOS. J. GONROY, Manager,
GEO. W. BROOKS, Assistant Manager.
323 CALIFORNIA STBEET,
SAN* FRANCISCO.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO.,
Pacific Coast Directors.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AJTAIBS
OF THE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF EDlNBtTRGH. SCOTLAND, on tn« Slkt
day of December. A. D. 1902. and for th*
year ending on that day. as made to tha In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections 610
and 611 of ths Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $427.S54 07
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 977,225 00
Cash in Company's Office 3.3«d 34
Cash In Banks 102.5S3 65
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 10,337 43
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 167.579 74
Bills receivable, not Matured.
taken for Fire and Marine Risks S4S OS
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid. 6.10S 00
Total Assets .tl.W3.411 2T
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $37,372 87
Losses In process of Adjustment - f - : __
or in Suspense 58.8T9 53
Losses resisted, including expenses. 7,000 53
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $753,166 59:
reinsurance 60 per cent 3 •0,583 29
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $827,-
467 CS; reinsurance pro rata.... 440,077 S3
All other liabilities 70.814 83
Total Liabilities $908,029 01
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for
Fire premiums $1,041,162 13
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and
from all other sources 44.0TS 61
Received for Rents 16.974 2«
Received for profits on realization
of investments 3.390 37
Total Income $1,105,81137
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount Dald for Fire Losses
(including $156,551 19. losses of
previous years) $596,600 44
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 239,144 27
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 82.065 67
Paid for State, National and Local
Taxes 25.613 85
AH other payments and expendi-
tures 64.443 59
Total Expenditures .$1,007,881 83
Fire. ~"
Losses incurred during th» year.. $541. 173 Cl
Risks and Premlums.lFlre Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
yeT. 1 :. . dUrt . BS . -! he $131,805,358 $1,458,388 33
Net amount of Ri3ks
J-.Sr^..^..^ 146.130.727 1.668.194 39
December 31.°190g.. 154.15S.tCl 1.580.633 67
CHAS. H. POST. V. S. Manager.
N A. McNEIL. Asst. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before, me this 2StS
day of January. IOCS. II. E. FRANCK.
i • ..' Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
THOS. J. GONROY, Manager,
6E0. W. BROOKS, Assistant Managsr,
323 CAXIFOBNIA STBEET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO.,
Pacific Coast Directors.THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, FK1DAY, OCTOBER 9, 1903.
12
HELP WANTED—FEMALE Con.
WANTED— 3 cooks, no washing, $35; cook
and second girl, same house. $30-$25; par-
lormaids. $30; 4 second girls, $20-$25; nurse-
girl, some second work, $25; cleaning woman,
hospital, $25; housework. San Josa. $30;
housework. Redwood, $30; waitress for san-
itarium, $20; waitress, country hotel, $22 80;
cook, small hotel, $30; and 44 houseglrls In
both German and American families, city
""d country. $20, $25, $30. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO.; 334 Sutter ft.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
f ACTORIES. 32H FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
MIDDLE-AGED women to sew on buttons by
hand. Levt Strauss & Co.'s Shirt Factory,
36% Fremont St.; see MR. HINDSHAW.
WANTED— A woman to wait on invalid and
help around house; wages $15 and found;
references. Box 900. Call office.
WANTED — Young woman who is an experi-
enced dry goods wrapper. Apply between 9
_and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
EXPERIENCED girls wanted to face dried
fruit. Apply GUGGENHIME & CO.. corner
Front and Filbert sts.
NEAT young girl to take care of child from
8:30 a. m. to 5 p. m. Call 0 to 12, 421 Lar-
kln st.
FIRST-CLASS alteration hands on Jackets;
state experience salary expected etc. Ad-
__dress box 4383. Call office.
WANTED — A girl for second work and walt-
ing. Call bet. 10 and 12 a. m., 2424 Stelner.
WANTED — Girl for general housework, fam-
ily of two; good wages; none but first-class
cook need apply. Call from 10 to 1 at S9S
Fell «t.
CIGARETTE makers wanted; steady work and
good wages. The JOHN BOLLMAN CO.,
corner Front and Pacific sts.
GIRLS wanted — Box department Mutual Label
and Lltho Co., Second and Bryant sts.;
Bryant-st. entrance.
GIRLS about 15 for factory work; good wagea
Apply at once, AMES & HARRIS. 100 Sac-
ramento st.
OPERATORS on ladles' wear; factory and
home work. MARKS BROS., 1220 Market.
DRESSMAKER wants waist and skirt hands.
700 Suttgr St., upstairs.
WANTED — German girl or woman to assist In
general housework. 215 Second rt.
RELIABLE, responsible woman for lucrative
• undertaking. Box 4073. Call.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats; wages $10 to
$12 per week. 1103 Market st.
FINISHER on pants; steady work. 30 Geary
St., room 33.
BAG operators wanted; good wage3. Ill Clay
street.
FIRST-CLASS finishers wanted at KRAGEN.
BAMBERGER CO.. 463 Mission St., 4th floor.
2 LADIES of good address to represent a hlgh-
grado magazine. 60 Columbian bldg.. city.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnlshedi~Mis9
M. O. Barrett, instructor. 302 Montgomery-
IMMEDIATELY — Young lady to teach district
school. C. ESTERLY, 518 Parrott bldg.
GIRL to assist with baby. Address Box 4045
Call.
GIRL for general housework and plain cooking.
1440 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— First-class waist, skirt and coat
hands and errand girl. J. BAER. 1200 Geary.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 100C
Valencia st.
HELP WAXTED MALE.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY
69 Third St.. nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
NEVADA AND UTAH.
FREE FARE.
RTN'DON. GOLCONDA AND RENO.
S. P. K. R. CO.'S OWN WORK.
100 laborers, $2 a day.
We Ship Daily on All Trains.
Crowds Are Going. Are You?
OREGON— FARE ADVANCED.
5 coal miners, 6-foot vein. Jtl a ton.
4 saw millwrights, country, boss here, 6
months' Job, $4 a day and board.
2 ranch hands. Eastern man preferred, $1 a
day. bed and board.
MENDOCINO COUNTY— CASPAR.
7 laborers and teamsters, $2, $2 25 a day;
no discount.
7 rn-Mi for the mills and yards, $30 to $65 a
month nnd board. /
FREE FARE— FREE FARE.
4 men for rock quarry, *2 25 a day.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 53 Third st.
AT San Francisco Employment Bureau, 17 4th.
El Dorado County, near Placervllle; ship
to-day.
Four 2-horse teamsters for woods, $50 found.
Laborers $2 day; woodsmen of all kinds.
BUTTK CO.— CHICO— BUTTE CO.
Common laborers and teamsters. $2 25 and
?2 50 a day.
10 rough carpenters to ro north, steady. $J
- a day and found.
10 laborers for city, rockmen for city. $2 25
a day. ¦ »
Call early, boys. We have all the dally pa-
pers. Come and have a talk with us.
S. F. Employment Bureau; phone Grant 26.
BAKER and pantry cook, $60; hotel porter,
country^ $30 and found; hotel waiter, coun-
try, $;iO and found; boarding-house cooks,
$40 ami $50, and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., ti28 Sacramento st. . is.
BOILERMAKERS. $3 C5 day; can washer;
man about place. $30 and found; farmers,
*-K> uncl found: sheepherder, $30 and found;
gardener and wife, $00 and found: bar-
maker; woodchoppers, $1 50, $1 75, $2 and
$2 75 cord; laborers and quarry-men and
; others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 6£S Sacra-
mento st.
A — MAN and wife,' private family. $50. Ap-
I ply to JilRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Porter, $23; lunch counter man, $45 nr\d fd.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per i.alr. foot-form shoes at $2 50, or
orthopedic shots, $3 50; best shoe* on earth. 11
Third st.. Exam. bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
TAILORS— Steady positions; ROOS BROS.,
Kearny at Post. ¦ . - v ;
OPERATORS and pressers on ladles' cloaks
and suits. D. M. DAVIDSON & CO., 52 1st.
BOY wanted. Stalls. 1 and 3, Union-square
Market. .
WANTED Middle-aged man; experienced In,
grocery business. 3023 Laguna St.. 1 p. m.
ERRAND boy well recommended. ROGER-
SON'S. 535 Valencia st.
COAT bastera wanted. $20 to $25 per week;
. steady work. 27. Geary st.
E3IPLO YSIEKT AVAXTED— MALE.
WANTED — Position as stationary engineer,
quartz mill man or tool sharpener. Address
J. L. WETMORE. Brunswick Hotel, Oak-
land.
A FIRST-CLASS coachman wishes position
with city private family: a careful driver;
strictly sober and obliging; good references.
Bos 404S, Call. j
MARRIED man. 35 years of age, wishes posi-
tion with wholesale grocery or commission
firm; nine years' experience in grocery busi-
ness ; good references. Box 3507. Call.
BARTENDER; German; 29; good references;
7 years with one house; close mixer; New
York experience; honest and reliable. Box
4040. Call office.
YOUXG man. well educated and reliable, with
business experience, wants position in gen-
eral merchandise store In country; best ref-
erences. Box .1515. Call office.
WANTED by an American. 35 years of age,
who has had 15 years of business experience,
position; would prefer outside work as sales-
man, solicitor or collector. Box 1213. Call.
YOUNG man, 17 years of age. wishes a posi-
tion in the grocery business: 4 months' ex-
perience; references. Box 4075, Call. .
ASSAYER wants position at mines or works;
understands cyanide process; experienced;
Al references. Address Box 4074. Call.
BY single young man, work of any kind; ex-
perienced in grocery and saloon business. Box
4044. Call office.
BY a young man as carpenter's helper; can
do most any kind of carpentering. Address
box 1218. Call office.
WANTED — Situation as barkeeper or helper In
saloon; best of references; little experience.
643 Broadway.
BARTENDER wants position; best of refer-
ences. Box 4047. Call.
JAPANESE wants situation in country; un-
derstands mtlktng cows, driving horses,
farming, gardening. etc. S. KATOH, 20
Lewis place. San Francisco.
JAPANESE couple want situations In a pri-
vate family; man as first-class cook, wife to
wait on table; $50 up; another Japanese girl.
M. SHI. 122VJ Turk st.
JAPANESE, member of Japanese Y. M. C. A.,
wants situation as school boy In small fara-
. lly. Addtvss T. S.. 121 Halght st.
YOUNG Chinese wants position as tint cook;
private family or boarding-house. ON WEH
ON. 009 Clay st.
JAPANESE: good elevator boy. who has had
many years' experience, wants position. F.
G., 612 Turk at.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 220O Filtmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st.
FI *ASCI AL. - ¦
4~PER CENT toTipElR^CEXT HIGH GRADE
Municipal, School, Railroad and Corporation
Bonds,
Bank and Trust Company Stocks,
Selected for conservative Investors.
Write for Information to
. HEAZELTON & CO.,
Stock and Bond Brokers,
Hayward Building,
San Francisco, Cal.
FLATS TO LET.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
»t., on the square.
SUNNY bay-window flat, four rooms. 2S West
Mission st.. near Twelfth.
$14—2701$ HARRIET st.. near. . Bryant, oft
Sixth; sunny flat; 5 rooms. ~. ¦ ' r' '
SUNNY flat of 6 rooms and bath*. 460 Bryant
St.. near Third. . -¦¦¦
FPRMTURE F P R SA1LE V
FURNITURE 5-room house for sale; cheap
- rent; larre yard. Box 3512, Call.
FURXITtRE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 MlFSlon. Dhone Red 4402.
buy*, rents, repairs, packs rumlture. carpets.
Cal. Auction House poys highest prices for fur-
nlture, flats, etc. 1105 Mission; tel. Mint 24S1.
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse. L. H. :
BUItD. auct!or.°er.lSlii Mkt. :tel.Howard 27BW.
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
A— COOK, city hotel. $40. sleep home; 10
¦waitresses, city and country, $20, $2">; cham-
bermaldx to wait, city and country, $20, $25;
cook, few boarders, country, fare paid, .$25;
waitress, ehort distance. $23; 2 waitresses,
Fame country hotel. $25; kitchen hand. city.
$25: waitress, restaurant. 525; second girl,
plain Eewlng. $25; houseglrl, $27 50; house-
girl, small family, $25; working housekeeper,
1 full charge. $25; cooks, housogirls second
girls, others. $15. $.50. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 420 Bush st.
AT San Francisco Employment Bureau -17
Fourth st. — Girl for housework, city some
cooking. $25 to ?30: middle-aged lady to
wait on 12 people. $20 to $25 and found;
chambermaid for city, easy place. $20 and
found. . Call early, girls. If you want work,
we'll suit you.
A — LAUNDRESS. $30; two waitresses, hotel,
i San Mateo. $25; nurse. $25; woman to work
part of the day. $25; housekeeper. $22 50;
cook. $35; 10 second girls. ?25 and $:>0; man
and wife, private family, f.50. MRS. NOR-
| TON. 313 Sutter st.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn hairdresslng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to theme entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school In
West. 2.13 Geary St.. room 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches halrdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc.. 1236 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Jones, room 04; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
' A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish in 1
i month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
1 ladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St., r. 13.
YOUNG girl or middle-aged woman for Ala-
' meda to assist in light housework; no cook-
Ing; three in family; wages $20. Apply 333
Post at. . ¦ - .
WANTED — Young girl to wait on table, wash
illfhts and make self generally useful; wages
$20 per month, room and board. Call at 1 100
Post st. - ¦
WANTED — Good pants finishers. Apply at
once to S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st.
GIRLS for' gluing machines and table work.
WEMPE BROS., 127 Mission »t.
TAILORESS; advanced; apprentice on good
¦coe.ts; good wages; permanent. 488 Geary.
NEAT young girl for cooking and housework
v In small family. ?gO.. 1*03 McAllister st.
GIRL llrht housework and plain cooking; wagea
' $25. 770 Cole St.. bet. Frederick and Waller.
WANTED— A girl for generaChousework; Ger-
I man preferred. Apply 00 Twenty-ninth st.
SAW FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets: open
until 12 o'clock every night In' the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
comer Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
200 Hayes etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
C39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. rnu
CIS Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market etreet, corner Sixteenth; open
ontil 0 t>. tn.
ICC Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Va'encla etreet: open unttl^ p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 8 ». m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and
Kentucky streets; open until 9 p. n. f
2200 Fillmore street: open until fl p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Corr.mandery No. 1. K. ,3-
T. — Ileg-ular assembly THIS EVEN-
ING at C o'clock. Order of Ked Crops. jCg
All fratcrs courteously lnvlfd. **V
THOMAS H. BROWNE, Commander.
T. L. HENDERSON. Recorder
LA PARFAITE Union Loige No. 17. F. ®
and A. M— Called meeting FRIDAY W
F.VEXING, Oct. ». ISKtt. at S o'clock. /V\
First d>cree. By order of the W. M.
P. ST. Jl'LLIEX. Sec ¦
PACIFIC Lodje No. 13C. F. and A. M., »
Masonic Temr>le. m^ets THIS EVEX-'VVf
ING. 7:30 o'clock. First decree. /V\
GEORGE PENLIXGTON. Sec.
ErERAXZA Italiana Lodge No. 219. F. m
and A. M.. will meet THIS (FRIDAY) VSf
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. Third de- /^y\
gree. By '^rfiir of the Master.
G. SCALMAXIXL Secretary.
PKESIDIO Lodge No. ?>34. I. O. < &&x*u.
O. F. — Initiation THIS <KRI- • - *>5^J?v'*-
ADY) EVENING. Oct. 0. Vl«- : wq!K^
Itor« cordially Invited. li**^*-
f AML SWIRLING. N. G.
W. H. SHAKPE. Secretary.
FAN FRANCISCO Tent No. J&ffii&i.
IS K O. T. M. — Review £Sl^-^&\
THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- BZ3 tft'tsSi
IXO at 8 o'clock. Pioneer vM St> Mjl
Hall' 24 Fourth st. \j%3 iFXySSi
' D. B. RICHAPJ3S. \>&?i&B!^
Record Keeper. X^jjgSy
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mins by hydraulic
process from Gecrge Wiest In Magnolia mine,
near Georgetown. El Dorado County, Cal..
eralntns Into Otter Creek. which reaches
Mi,).]:. Fork of American ltiver. and from J.
J. Hoffmann and T. M. Oi-owne, In William
P.ourh & Co.'s mine near Forest Hill. Placer
Ccur.ty. Cal.. (training Into Volcano Canyon
Creek, which reaches Middle Fork of Ameri-
can River, gives notice that meeting will be
held at room 06. Flood building. San Fran-
cisco. Ca!.. Oct. 19. 1003. at 1:30 p. m.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING — Notice is here-
by given that the annual meeting of the
ttockholdT* of The Bar.k of California will
be held at the banking rouee in this city on
TUESDAY. October 13. 1903. at 11 o'clock
a. m. Ey crfier of the boanj of directors.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Sfcretary.
/ACEXTS WANTED.
WANTED — A steady man to travel and col-
lect; taiary $20 per week; expentes advanced;
•mall cash security and references required.
Box 271. fcacranwnto. Cal.
ATTORXKY9-AT-LAW.
ADVICE FREE. ESTABLISHED 22 YEARS.
Divorces a specialty. Private. Quick.
NO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
G. W. HOWE.
Attorney and Counselor at Law.
Open Evening* 7 to 9. Phone Jessie 4711.
Offices on First Floor — Rooms 1. 2, 3. 4 and 5.
1122 Market. St.. Between Mason and Taylor.
AImo3t Opposite "Hale's" Dry Goods Store.
ADVICE FREE
COLUMBIAN' LAW AGENCY
P.m. 65. 916 Market; tel. Red CIS; bad ten-
• nts ejected speedily and reasonably; collec-
tions attended to; attachments; corporations
¦ organized; civil and criminal practice.
ROBT. W. KING. atty-at-Iaw, Examiner bid.,
room Cll; all cases, damages, estates, wills,
attachment*, collections, etc.; consultation
free; no advance charges; call or write;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3C01.
ADVICE free — I -will advance cost in meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate an£ all other '.aw
cases; no fees in advance; open every even-
Ing. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market St., r. 3U
A. M. EWIXG — Attorney-atlaw. Room 612.
Tarrott bldg.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket et.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
AITKEN & AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 309-10-11.
Clunie bldg.. SOS California et.; tel. Main 727.
ADVICE free; r.o charge unless euccessful; all
Isw buflness. W. W. Davidson. 027 Market.
DIVORCK — Costs. $12; quick, quiet; open even-
irpy. 927 Msrket ft., room 301.
miLDIXGS TO LET.
BRICK building in wholesale fiietrict, 19.000
square fe^t floor ppace. to lease for long term;
additional dory If J^flred; will put In order
to Milt tenant. AEHTON & GARDINER, 411
Mi"Mitiromery et.
niSIXESS CIIAXCES.
IF you desire to sell or exchange business, real
estate or mine?, no matter where locatAl. or
df-eire to invest money, try INTERNATION-
AL BROKERAGE ASSX IXC. 330 Pinft
«.. S. F.. Cal.
F*"'R tale — Old-eytab!ished employment office;
doing rood bueinefis: owner has other busi-
ness and leaving city; a bargain. H. FOUTS.
r€ l j Kearny Ft., room 9.
yon PALE— Second-hand store; cheap rent;
living room*; a bargain; large stock. Call
;C"» ! 2 Harrison st.
MORNING par*r route for sale; leading paper.
Apply box S.T5. Call office. Oakland.
FOH SALE— A good, reliable ehoemaklng and
repair Fhop. Call at 4S0 Jessie st.
A RESTAURANT for sale. 194 First st. J.
COLE.
LODGIXG-HOL'SES FOR SALE.
10W ROOMS; houee for men; rent $140.. .$1000
CS rooms; south of Market: rent $100. 2000
14 rocnis; corner; part cash; bal. easy. 850
11 rooms; cood income: rent $20 350
21 room*; water front: r»nt $40; lease.. C50
320 rooms: good lease: low rent 6500
f.7 rms.; apartmentR;Western Add. ;rent 250
Mor.*-y loaned at 1 per cent.
Heels, roaiihou^e*. flets, 5 to 100 rooms.
__ _ EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
11 ROOMS; rent $.'{0; good location $450
'J~ roonf; rent $70: part housekpg; Iease.1700
20 room?; rent $125; transient; north.. $2100
MOSSMAX. Examiner building, room 411.
SPIRITUALISM.
LAST circle to-night; leave city Saturday
Blsfat: 2 days only to consult Mrs. Holmes,
6i7 McAI!ist«r st.
PRCF. Fr«>d P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writlru; ard clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112*EdJy et., r.r. Octavla: phone Scott SS7.
"28 ELLIS; Ethel Crindlc. materializing se-
anc»; Friday evening, S o'clock; 50 cents.
EIiWARD EARLK. 1052 ElIlsT rea<51ns« daily.
:<:i(i to 4: sfarigfg Sunday and Thursday.
. CLA . IRVOYA!VTS '
MY Regular $3 Readings This Week For
*1 ?> $1 $1 ¦ $1 $1 $1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First H^gintered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist tver in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemny agree and guarantee
to make no cherge If I fail to tell you your
nsat, occupation and what you called for;
1 promisr to tell you whether husband wife
or eweetheart is true or false; 1 teM you
whom and when you will marry; in fact, I
will te-11 ycu every hope, fear or cmbition
bctwr than you can tell yourself; I Improve
your character »o that you will reach the
highest possible dcveloinnrnt in mental vigor.
health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; to jou will live Irppy and contented
the rest of your life. Hours 10 a. m to 8
p. m.; Sundays. 2 to 8. 32C O'Farrell St., 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. THlif FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
blag.; ehe reads your life correctly, gives *n
accurate description Of the past, teveals t»ie
present happiness and portrays etents to
occur in the future; If you are in trouble, dis-
contented or cot satisfied in life, cr have do-
mestic, love or business troubles, consult this
great med'.um and you will be told bow to
cverccme them; valuable advice in all affair*
of life; 25c op; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
lcg» by mall. Tei. Black 45CS.
I5MAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
et., 'tor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a.
m. to 5 P. rn.: readings by mail aa satisfac-
tory a» In person; '£ questions answered, $1;
full life. (5; p'nd lock of hair, date and year
of birth: don't atnd currency. Send postofflce.
Well«-FarRO money order or registered letter.
A MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight: tells the pxtH. present and future;
ladles Mte: gents, $1; by cards, palmistry
end I clairvoyant fitting; $1 50. 126 Turk st.
MRS A. H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a Rood reading, 10=. for
a ehort time only; when others fall try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clair. and palm.;
2SSicUoa <? do pay. 413 Mason et.; no .ign.
CLAIRVO YAJTTS Contlnned.
A — Mzne. Ravenna read* life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th St.. near Market.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
26^4 Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c; gents 50c.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: slt-
tlngs dally. 44SV6 Jessie st.. bet. Bth and 6th.
CAHPET BKATIJfGr AMD CLEA5IXO.
AIR, compressed, dry. Ice cold. Is now unlver-
rally used in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor without removal or Injury; prices mod- (
crate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULPING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing .Works, 365-357 Tenama St.; tel. South 40.
SMITH'S Carpet Cleaning Co.; Al work guar-
anteed, 3c. 1843 15th st.; phone Capp 1551.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S00 Har-
rison ft.; Al cleaning. 3c; tel. Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero St.; tel. Mission 43.
TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating;
mattresses made over.1432 Howard ;South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402"Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel.Mirsion 263.
OONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 50 Geary— All
«11m»nts of the feet cured: corns. bunlons.etc.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 0-10; tel. 5530
~~ DENTISTS.
ELECTRO^DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market St.,
cor Fourth, room 7. Flood building; extrac-
tions done painlessly; teeth without plates
our specialty; gold crowns. $3 50. up; plates
$4 60 up. extraction free; office hours. 9
a m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays. 9 to 2.
DR. GRUSS, 5O4-5-6 Callaghan bldg.. Market
and McAllister sts.. uses the Basford Obtun-
der, the only device ever Invented for grind-
ing, drilling aDd excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1*13 Market. nr.Elerenth
— No charge lor extracting when plates are
trade; old plate* made over like new; teetb
from $8 per set; extracting. POc; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 jts. : crown. $3 50; fillings, 60c;
pities. $5; full cet;aU work painleM and war.
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. eor.Bush —
Set teeth $1 60 up: crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver, 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewl*t,204 Butter.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst &. knife plaiting. Btew-
art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
DYEIVS AXD CLEAXIXG.
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc.. done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works 3915 Sacramento; phone
for wagon. West 453. H. HICKMAN. pres.
EDU^ATIOXAL^
THE San Francisco Young Men's Christian
Association conducts a night school for m-n,
an engineering school, an evening law school,
it working boys' night school and a day busi-
ness and academic school. Students have
gymnasium and other privileges. Apply at
Y. M C. A. building. Mason and Ellis sts.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post, S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, ¦ touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches;
day and night sessions; illus. catalogue free.
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket et. ; special summer course In all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship. J."0; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkin st.
"A thorough 6chool" : positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; Individual In-
struction. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fessor; day. evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk st-,
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
A— FAN FKAXCISCO Business College, 12.;0
Market st. — Practical, progressive, reliable;
day & evening sessions ; write for catalogue.
VIOLIN and viola Instruction. Including en-
semble; beginners received; best method;
terms modernte. Sludio 305 Larkin, room 91.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrieity.24 Post
«t.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.. mln.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllea School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall. Howard
»t.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
SPANISH.Krtnch.etc.Prof.DeKUlppe's Academy
of Langi:aKe«.:J20 Post;estab'd 1871 : ablest profs.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College. 530 Golden Gate
ave; fuil business course; day and evening.
SCHOOL Of ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTOX'S. 424 Pine st... Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar.writing.
etc.: day or eve.: <S mo 1024 Ml««lon.nr.fith.
employment' offices.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post st.; tel. Bush 135 —
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
IF Vou want Japanese help, advertise in The
New World. Japanese dally paper. 353 Geary.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japaneee-
Chlnese helo. 420 Powell. Tel. Main 0752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415
Stockton: tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seunjr's. 411% O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5183.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY &. CO.. C40 Clay.
EMPLOYMEXT WANTED FEMALE.
A COOK, younc, strong, wants cocking only
at $30 a month; has 3 years' references last
place; can do German cooking; call or tele-
- phone. MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St.,
near Powell.
SITUATION wanted by refined German to t!f»
llKht ohamberwork and sewing In small fam-
ily, or as rr-.ald to elderly lady; city refer-
ences. Call 1259 O'Farrell rt.
YOUNG Am»rican lady, refined. Intelligent,
experienced, but not a trained nurse, will go
to Alaska or to pea as companion to lady or
gentleman: $:iO. Box 4382, Call crflce.
LADY of respectability and refinement wishes
§a position as companion; no objection to
country or traveling. Box 4081, Call.
EASTERN girl wishes position as cook in
private family. Call at 2207'^ Pine st.
COMPETENT stenographer; any line; operates
Remington, Yost, Smith; wishes permanent
position; will substitute; salary, $55 per
month. Address box 4015. Call office.
A GIRL wishes position as general housework
In respectable family Please call :H'A Dia-
mond st. Castro or ISth st cars; no postals.
2 GIRLS wish positions In a nice family. 1010
De Haro tt., back of the City and County
Hospital. , ; -
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker and talloress wishes
few more families; references; $1 50 per
day. Address Dressmaker, 162U Clay Ft.
NURSERY governess desires position: one or
two children: hotel preferred; city refer-
ences. Box 1671, Call.
A GERMAN woman wlsheg to clean lace cur-
tains at reasonable prices. Box 4078, Call.
AN experienced saleslady wishes position. Box
. IOCS. Call office.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 033 McAllister st.
KMPLOYMEXT WASTED — MALE.
$50 PAID to any one who can procure a posi-
tion worth $75 or $100 per month for an
honest. sober aid Intelligent man, who
speaks and writes English, French and Ger-
man fluently, and has the best of references.
Box 4049. Call office.
YOUNG man with several years' experience
as salesman and collector, desires position
with cood furniture house; references. W.
SANFORD, 317 Leavenworth st.
POSITION about private place by a young
man; sober and Industrious; can drive and
garden and do repair work; reference. Ad-
dress box 4381. Call office.
YOUNG man with good business education
and experience desires position as bookkeeper
at once; grood references. W. SANFORD,
H17 Leavenworth st.
TWO ycung men wieh to go East with stock.
Address F. F. & L. W.. 311Vi /essle st. *
YOUNG man (German) desires position In pri-
vate house or hotel. Address box 4115, Call.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
C01-602-8U3 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estate.* and undivided in-
terests, in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal: to salaried people on their not a
without security or knowledge of employer;
lowest rates; best terms; quickest service an.i
absolute privacy; special rates to municipal
employes and teachers. The National Credit
Co.. r. tS-fc"!» Donqhoe bid.. 1170 Market st.
INTEREST REDUCED TO~5~PER CENT!
DEAL DIRECT; SAVE EXPENSES.
• I will loan on 1st, 2d and 3d mortgages. SAN
FRANCISCO. OAKLAND. TOWN. COUN-
TRY PROPERTY and REAL ESTATE In
probate; send full particular of property; no
answer otherwise. Box 24WO Call office.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. SWi>
Market st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments: largest business in
46 principal cities. Tolman. 5.13 Parrott bldg.
THE Open Credit Assn. makes advances to re.
sponslble salaried people, confidentially: new
and simple plan; easy Installments. Room
50. Academy of Sciences, S10 Market St.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano: no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity, $25 up; quick.
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, nn. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 1C3 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver. "
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought •'
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St. i
ON furniture, piano; no removal. E. W. LICK.
1CC3 Mutual 4-a.vlngs Bank bldg.. 708 Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. G. W.
MILLER, room 74. fifth floor. Chronicle bldg.
3% ON furniture & planes; $13 np; no removal.
V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy St.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, ttn Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R.311, Mutual Sav. Bk. bl>l .
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lniiorsfr. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
MUSICAL IXSTRCME>TS.
ABSOLUTELY LOWEST PRICES AND BEST
VALUE.
Collard. upright $33
Fllsher. upright 9O
Sherman & Hyde, upright 123
Mannsfeldt & Hotni. beautiful curly wal 1«3
Chlckerlng 135
2 Steinway uprights, large, small. ..$163 SCO
2 Heine uprights, large and small, used
less than 6 years $232 SS3
And 200 others. Squares from $10 up.
Rents, $2 up, apply on purchase: install-
ments as low as $4. HEINE PIANO CO..
235-237 Geary st. Only manufacturers anil
largest exclusive wholesale and retail deal-
ers west of Chicago.
RENTING Is our specialty; $2 tip. apply on
purchase. HEINE PIANO CO.. 237 Geary.
THIS AD IS OUR GREATEST EXPENSE.
We pay no rent, as we own the building.
The only reason w« advertise Is to let you
know w« rent the best piano tn tha city for $3
per month. Now we can sell you one Just the
1 same. Our expenses are bo very much less 1
I than other firms, why not Investigate our pricey
and compare notes? Invest 5c carfare and save
from $75 to $150 on a piano. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 560-62-64 Hayes st.
YOU do not take any chances when buying
from us. Our methods are well known to be
open and aboveboard. "Big bargains, not
big' ads." Is our rule. All goods guaranteed
as represented or no sale. Call and see lars<»
assortment of n«w and used instrument."".
THE ZENO MAUVAI3 MUSIC CO.. 7^
Market st.
: A FEW good upright bargains from $50 up. in-
cluding such makes as Chiekertng. Mason A
, Hamlin. Vose, Sterling. Curtaz. Kirkman.
¦ Halnes. Weser. Pease and others. BEN.I.
i CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st. No
1 branches In San Francisco.
THE greatest opportunity ever offered in San
Francisco' to get a good reliable piano cheap.
Before our removal we will sacrifice any in-
strument for cash or Installments. Call r>r
write for prices and terms at once. KOHLETt
& CHASE. Established 1850. SO O'Farrell.
BAND Instruments: F. Beason. Paris, maker:
i Gus Malwald Agt. Pac. Coast. 278 O'Farretl;
skillful repairing; 2d-hand Instruments soH.
I A STECK & GABLER upright, nearly new.
; chtap: a snap. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
! RARE chance: cash or payments; elegant hljh
grade upright. 18 McAllister st.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whltehcad's Storage. 1636 Market at.
BEAUTIFUL 3-peda.l Steinway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's.2S5 O'Farrell.
: SOHMER Byron Mauzy pianos. Ceclllan piano
player. ' BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sen* to any address In the 1
United States or Cariada one year for $1. U
OFFICES AXD STOKES TO LET.
STOTtE with large basement; below Kearny
St.; rent $30. Apply 63(5 Clay st.. room l._^
r> I'ERS OVALS.
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
Wrinkles, yellow and flabby skin, birthmarka.
smallpox pittlngs and scars scientifically re-
moved without cutting, massage, electricity •*
medicines; special demonstrations this week.
Call or write DR. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching iwalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' : ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk.
BRAUN— Professor Martin, graduate masseur
of the Imoerlal University Hospital. Vienna.
Office 224 Starr King bldg.. 121 Geary. Tel.
Exchange 216. ;
NOT how cheap but how good is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN, 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cccoaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.
corner Sutter at.; fee moderate.
AFTER this date I will not be responsible Ibf
anv debts contracted by my wife, MF.S.
JOSEPHINE STRATHMANN.
Oct. 8. 19C3. HENRY STRATHMANN.
PATRIOTS desiring President Roosevelt's Cal-
ltornia speeches can have same sent tr> their
address by remitting 12 cents. V. THOM1'-
SON. 251 Grant ave.. San Francisco. Cal.
LIQUOR habit cured. W» guarantee to cure>
the liquor habit in 2 days or no charge-t.
Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 99" J____r___t___*____C__-
DRUNKENNESS. morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bar* Co..
1S3> Polk Et.; consultation free; call or wrlte^
REMOVAL— DR. W. C. STRATTON has re-
moved his office from 2235 Mission st. _ to
rooms 573 and 574. Parrott blag. (Emporium).
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall. Howard
st., near Ninth; management Prof. Foster, fl
AT less than 'cost, uncalled for suits overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
ELEGANT suits on eaSsy Installments : 50 cent^
and up oer week. LEON LEMOS, ll-T
Market St., bet. Seventh and Eighth.
ANDERSON— Elegant theatrical and masquer-
ade costumes rented. 26 O'FarreU st.
SUITS to order on Installments. $1 per week.
Neuhaua & Co.. merch.tallors.727-729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs.Traverse,1170 Market.
THE best place to buy good umbrellas or
have them covered or repaired la 120 Stockton.
ALL stylen hairdresslng 23c: hair goods: mani-
curing. 25c. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton »t.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 5O.
Misfit Clothing Parlor.cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wlg.x.
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 7S3 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henra restores gray
hair to-lt» natural color: 31: at all druggists".
Superfluous hair and moles removed with elec-
trie needle. Mrs. & Miss Eaton. 111ft Sutter.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
1021 Vt Market St., bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to dlseas«-s of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a ipcclalty.
DR. BALL. 1073Vi Market st.
REMOVED— DR." WONG HIM. herb doctor.
treats all diseases of tha human body: j£i
past focr years at 115-117 Maim; now 10-
catad at «67 Geary St.. near Leavenworth. i
DR- TONG PO CHT, successor to Dr. LI P J
Tal, herb doctor, cures all disease of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 719-8 Clajr st.
HELP WANTED — MALE— Cos.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
PHONE MAIN 5S48.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1902 WE GAVE ~~ 1903 WE'LL GIVE
46,000 MEX WORK. CO.000 MEN WORK.
Men wanted TO-DAY for
ARIZONA, OREGON.
NEVADA.'
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe systems; free
pasa
ON EVERY TRAIN.
SECTION HANDS, MUCKERS, DRILLERS.
Extra Gangs. Teamsters. Hammersmen.
MINES, TUNNELS, QUARRIES.
Miners all over State. $00 and $82 50.
Laborers and muckers everywhere, $60, $73
and ?S2 50.
STABLES, FARMS, ORCHARDS, DAIRIES.
Farm and orchard hands, $30, $35, $40 & fd.
Milkers, butter and cheese makers. $30 to $50
and found. .
2tt choremen. coachmen, gardeners, «tc, $30.
10 stablemen, city, country jobs, $80 to $60.
MURRAY A READY,
634-630 Clay bC
" SAWMILLS— WOODS.
633 laborers, no experience wanted. $40 to
$<0 and found. ,
l»ti mill and yard men, $50 to $150.
305 WOODCHOPPERS.
287 TIEMAKERS.
All classes of experienced men for wcods,
mills, etc.. from $50, $60 $70 $80 $00, $10O
$125 to $150 a month.
MURRAY & READY, 634-036 Clay st.
COOKS. WAITERS. PORTERS.
24 cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps, mine*
and ranches, city and country, $30 to $70 fd.
12 waiters, city and country, $25 to $40 fd.
Elevator and bell boys and porters.
Steward, country hotel. «
14 butchers, different jobs, $40 to $90 found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
MECHANICAL. "
Head Dolbeer logger, $90.
3 painters, stripe, letter, $2 50 to $3 a day.
2 coopers, factory, 20c fare, $3 25 a day.
Cut-oft sawyer; 12 boys to learn trades, city.'
BLACKSMITHS.
Also many helpers all over California, $50,
$60, $70. $80, $00 and found.
LOCATED EVERYWHERE.
636 laborers and teamsters, city and country;
fome factories, mills, warehouses, excava-
ting, building, etc.; many In San Francisco;
lots to board home, $2, $2 25. $2 50, $2 73 a
day; DC carmen and furnace men, $C7 and $75.
Positions not advertised.
COME— SEE.
BEST PLACES AT MURRAY & READY'S,
BIGGEST WAGES AT 634-636 Clay st.
MIDNIGHT ORDERS BY .
PHONE, TELEGRAPH AND SPECIAL
LETTER DELIVERY.
ARIZONA.
003 MILES. PRESCOTT. MIDDLETOWN.
ARIZONA TO-DAY. $1 50 FEE.
6 slack coooers. 9c; 6 cabinet makers.
168 woodsmen. 'FRESNO COUNTY.
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY.
Teamsters, laborers, fare $2 80, $75.
2 hydraulic miners. SE., $3 day.
Engineer, do little blacksmlthlng, L. Co., $50
and found.
2 crosscut sawyers, L. Co., north, $40 found.
Walter. Eureka, fare paid, $30 and found.
Bartender, voung man, hotel. 25c fare, $25 fd.
GOVERNMENT JOB.
2 cement finishers. 8 hours, $4 CO a day.
Cook. 3 men, ranch, $25; 6 bean pullers,
$32 50.
Butcher, slaughterer, south, fare paid, $16
a week.
BEAUTIFUL MENDOCINO.
16 laborers: FREE FARE; $35 to $80 found.
2 sheepherders. fare $1 50, $30 and found.
FRUIT PICKERS. -
68 men or boys; fare $1; fee $1; $30 found.
MARYSVILLE, CHICO. PLACERVILLE.
186 carpenters' helpers, laborers, teamsters,
drillers and other help; you go; $32 50, $75,
$67 50.
2 experienced concrete men, curbing, $3 day.
SAMTA CRUZ COUNTY.
26 laborers to pile lumber, $60.
RESERVOIR WORK.
00 teamsters and laborers, fare $1 20, $60,
$67 50.
COAL MINERS— OREGON— FREE FARE.
65 coal mlnjirs, Oregon, $3 to $5 day.
Vest, shirt, coat makers, S men. north.
VERY MURRAY & READY,
IMPORTANT. 634-640 (_lay st.
AT C. FREY & CO.'S, 531 Commercial st.
El Dorado Co., Butte Co., Reno. Nev. We '
ship free fare on all Jobs. :
Waiter, city hotel. $50 and found. j
Boilermaker helpers, free fare. '
Laborers, city. $2 day. " ;
Call early, boys. We have hundreds of new ]
Jobs for old and young. No strikes. No <
fakes We guarantee all Jobs. C. FREY ;
& CO. Phone Main 1575. j
WANTED — Flrt't-class assistant marine en-
gine and boiler draftsman, $4 per diem.
Navy-yard, Mare Island, Cal.. and first-class
a.'slatant marine engine and boiler drafts-
man, ?1 per diem, office of the U. S. In-
spector cf Machinery, Union Iron Works,
San Francisco, Cal. An examination will h*
held at the Navy-yard, Mare Island, Cal., i
October 20, lOOTJ. to fill the above positions. !
For apulication and further Information ad- j
dress "Commandant, Navy-yard, ' Mare .
Island, Cal." j
WANTED— For U. S. army, able-bodied, un- j
married men, between ages of 21 and 35, clti- i
zens of United States of good 'character and '
temperate habits, who can speak, read and ¦
write English. For Information apply to Re-
' crultlng Officer. Rialto building. New Mont-
gomery st., San Francisco, or Mas*onic build-
ing. Sacramento, Cal.
WANTED — A traveling man . at once; per-
manent position; salary $20 per week; ex-
penses advanced; opportunity for advance-
ment; references and security required. Ad-
dress, box 271, Sacramento, Cal. j
WANTED — Thoroughly experienced dry goods |
delivery department man; one wh6 has had
San Francisco experience; will pay $75 to j
right party; state age, experience and sal-
ary expected. Address box 4101. Call office.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
eoled when you can get It done for 25c. 50c
and 60c while you wait at C63 Mission st.. |
bet. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third st.? :
WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Apply between 9 and
11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
YOUNG men IS to 20 years of age for wrap-
ping counters. Apply Superintendent's of-
fice, Tl'.e,Emr>orlum.
BOY about* 17 to work around store;' good
chance for advancement. E. FRIEDLAN-
DER & SONS. 230 Sv.tter St. ¦
WAGON boys wanted, between 14 and 16
years of age. Call between 9 and 10 a. m., I
43-53 Ellis st.
BARBER shop: good paying 2-chair shop; in 1
Western Addition ; can be bought for $200 If
sold at ones. STOI-TZ, 723 Market st.
( , : —
A BEDMAKEP. wanted at 500 Howard st.
BEDMAKER wanted; middle-aged German
prefrrrrd. 202 Sixth st. |
BUTCHER to drive wagon and work in shop. {
Box 4102. Call office.
WANTED — Bootblack at 528 Broadway.
DISHWASHER. CaDital Restaurant, 206 Mc-
Alllster St., above Hyde.
FOR sale — Old-established employment office,
doing good business; owner ha* other busi-
ness and leaving city; a bargain. II. FOUTS.
26"Vi' Kearny St.. .room 9.
OFFICE boy wanted in mercantile house: must
be neat: see about 15. Address In own
hand; $15 first salary. Box 3514 Call office.
WANTED — A young man about 20 years of
age to drive laundry wagon; references re-
quired. Box 4077. Call.
YOUNG man; stock clerk for manufacturing
concern; state age. salary expected and ref-
erences. Box 407ft. Call.
WANTED — A boy about 10 years old. S. N.
WOOD & CO., 740 Market st.
COATMAKERS for country. Apply REISS
BROS & CO.. 24 Setter st.
WANTED — One brassmolder. The J. Itoy- !
lance Brass Works, 112 Main st. i
WANTED — Experienced bollermakers; steady
work; "standard wages. Box 4043, Call.
STEADY German; refs. ; tend bar, make him-
self useful; nine house. 15 City Hall square.
WANTED — Presser on pants. 8 Grant ave.
A NURSERYMAN and Jobbing gardener
wanted. 500 Halsht 'st. (
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sale; other busi-
ness; a bargain. Box 4004, Call office.
A PARTNER wanted; carpenter preferred.
1337 Mission st. :
. /
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
i that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
. added 1C0 new rooms to the- Denver House,
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
¦ quired; special offer, this month; catalogue
and full information mailed free. MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Rough carpenters and laborers Ap~
ply room 14; 26 Montgomery st.. San Fran-
"¦> clsco Construction Company.
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS, 40 Ellis st • 14
years' practice; references from thousands of
.; persons for whom I have secured pensions. -
WANTED — Energetic salesman for outside
work. THORNE & CO.. 312 Bush st.
McDONALD & PERRY- have a large stock of
new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 239 3d st.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls, room 4O.~Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition In 8. F.
Barber School. 741A' Howard st.
'
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
p '. ' BuIiljiJliij
* The poor man in the tree's in an insecure place,
* And he fears for his life, as you see by his face.
Let us hope he'll not fall, for no doubt in that case
He will soon be devoured without waiting: for grace. *~
In regard to yourself, if your job's Insecure,
Or there's unpleasant things which you cannot endure,
And you must make a change, take a word of advice;
Put an ad in The Call— once may do, at most twice—.
When a new Job you'll get which will meet all your views,
And you'll e'er praise The Call for its ads and its news.
WANTED^For" U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied unmarried men. between 21 and 35:
good character; must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-
war In all parts of the world, on land in our
island possesalonci, and at naval stations In
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
fice. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.. and
401 K St.. Sacramento. CaK
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; ws pay
express or mail chrgs. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — "CO rooms. 85c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and frpjn ferry.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 25o
to 50c. 56T. Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
; HORSES AND WAGONS.
FOR sale — Perfectly trained sorrel carriage
team; account departure; together or sepa-
rately; one specially suitable ladies' phaeton;
other perfectly galted ladies' saddle horse;
reasonable. H. S.. box 4080. Call office.
A HANDSOME black horse, weight 1300
pounds; Just the horse for undertaker or
brewer; $200. 1327 Pierce St.. between
O'Farrell and Ellis.
HARNESS and saddles, the b*f>t for the- money,
at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. Inc.. the big store.
1145-1147 Market St.. San Francisco.
A HORSE and wagon for sale — Apply 1010 Na-
toma st.
FOR SALE — Cheap; two-seated Rockaway and
pony buckboard. Apply 45 Prosper st.
FOR SALE— At 1509 Grova st., handsome trap.
almost new; will sell cheap.
MUST be sold at a sacrifice ; 5 good horses. 32T
Sixth st.
Al EXPRESS wagon light camping wagon and
_gocart_for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd. sur-
rey. harness. work.drlvlng horses.lSth-Valencla,
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let: send for cir-
culax. Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-250 Geary
St.. on the square.
BOARDING-HOUSE of 23 rooms and baths,
close in, on Taylor st. ; large beautiful
grounds and fine view; within 10 minutes'
walk of Kearny and Market sts. "Apply to
MADISON & BURKE. 30 Montgomery st.
CASTRO. 800—0 sunny rooms; bath; large
basement; yard. Key 811.
VAN NESS ave., 2104, near Pacific ave. — Mod-
ern house; 10 rooms: rent $70.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post st.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
OAK. 419 — Elegantly furnished house; 10 rooms
and 2 baths: large garden: grand view.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Between Clayton and Carl and Stanyan
and Oak rts. lady's gold openface chatelaine
with pin attached; initials on case S. H.
Suitable reward If returned to 237 Geary st.
LOST— Lady's gold watch; monogram "C. M.
P." Liberal reward. Apply Superintendent's I
office. HALE BROS. 1
LOST — A yellow and white setter: female:
name Goldy: address on collar. 2530 Cali-
fornia st.; she has one sore eye.
LOST — Black and tan deerhound; f email ; an-
swera to the name of Queen. Return to H.
F. HEINZE, 412 McAllister st.. and receive
reward; flat 4.
LOST — Tan and white bulldog. Liberal re-
ward if returned to IHC0 Broadway.
IT will r-ay to "Remember" that the California j
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter et.. needs old :
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
LOFTS TO LET. ¦
W^L7^L7G^?TE^io7tr^^:^nT73^r^u7ta"- J
ble for manufacturing bus. 2140-2 Folsom st. j
MEDICAL.
" • ' l — — — — — — ¦— - — —
PAN FRANCISCO'S EMINENT PHYSrCIAN.
DOCTOR WHITE *
TREATS WOMEN ONLY.
7C2 MARKET ST.. room 7. Phone Red 3321.
Every facility for the BEST treatment of j
all diseases and disorders of women. Elegant 1
sanatorium. Select patients. Strictly confl- j
dentlal. Fees within the reach of all.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female i
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed; 30 '
years' experience; removed to 826 Post st. ,
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
malc troubles and Irregularities: Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008H Market St.. opp. 5th,
DR~G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or |
in trouble consult this specialist on female !
complaints; positively corrected; the unfor- i
tunate helped; the most difficult cases treat-
ed; advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk, nr. Van Ness — Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints; inst. relief;
treatment $10; hours, 10 to 5; 25 yrs. exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
A maternity villa; private: secluded; confiden-
tial. Dr. E. Funke. 1416 Eighth st.. Alameda.
; DR ROSEN, moved to 2095 Folsom St.. corner 1
26th; relief $10; ladles' exclusive office.
i DR. and MRS. DAV1ES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
I fmT^N'G TOY KEE7~31O Powell St.. opposite
> Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MILLINERY.
LADIES — 200 stylish hats to select from; lease
sold, must vacate February 1. 1901; save
money by calling on MME. DOSCH. 207 Post.
3IISCELLANEOLS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
| TOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont St.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? ~~~ "
Repair It with elaterite: In rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
I 2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
i pulleya, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
_H. S. WHITE MCH'Y CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
EDISON & MELLUS star moving picture
films, same as new. less than one-half cost;
10CO feet to select from. Novelty Theater,
Oakland. Cal.
A — Fine suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny st.,
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. PopI
ular Price Hatters. S30 Kearny st.. near
Pine; open till ft p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, dells or rents, gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
FOR rale — A bargain; 1 set Encyclopedia Brl-
tannlca, Edinburgh edition, 29 volumes, half
morocco binding. 615 Larkin st.
3. 0 AND 10 hp. gasoline engines -second-hand:
all sizes, new. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122
Market st.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.; catalog, free.
TWO ladies' first-class tickets to Bowie. Arix.,
via I.O3 Angeles; cheap. 46S Eddy st. -.
NEW and second hand machinery of all kinds.
KROGH MNFG CO.. 510 Market it.
SAFES — New and > second-hand. THE HER-
_MANNJSAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental-
! bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
i MILES of pipe and fitting* : all sizes! EU-
GEXE R1LEY & SONS._109_ValleJo st.
MOVING picture film and song slides. 100
I Montgomery et.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
! & CO., 122 Market st.
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs ;hammocks,
1 metal beds, ma ttresses. J. F. Hotter, "12 Mission.
! Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
, picture machines, films. Baclgalupl. 033 Mkt.
GASOLINE engine*, automobiles and launches;
j all sixes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
j MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
' CALIFORNIA HOUSEWRECKING CO.
Pays higher prices for buildings and takes
less time to wreck and remove. Office. NW.
cor. Mission and Tenth; phone Mint 3011.
WANTED — Small children to board; mother**
! care. £52 South First st.. San Jose. Cal.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLLIES.
1140 Market St.; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
TILTOX wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. Is I Oth St.; tel. Jessie 2S51.
A BIG price' paid for sealskins; send postal.
[ 25 Stockton St.; phone Bush 481ney) to Jessie Buntanl. lot on SW lino of Put
cam street. 35 SE of Brandon. SW 100 by SE
36, block 753, Syndicate Investment Company'*
subdivision of blocks 7SL 752. etc., - Levy and
Lane Tract, Frullvale, Brooklyn - Township;
$10.
thence NW 15*5.84.. E 5, etc. SE1W.W. W,
5.09 to begiiminir. portion of lot^ 10. block U
icvlsed map of Oakland Heights, Oakland. $10.
Alf red C. -and Sarah J. Diet* to C. H. King,
lot onNE corner; of Central avenue^<Twelfth>
and Webster street. N 20O by E 300. being
block 172, Kellersbenter's map. Oaklanfl: al»o
lot on NE corner of Twelfth and Harrison
streets. E 225, N 100. W 2J.-N 25. W 60. S
"5 W 150 S 100, lots 1 to 4 and 23 to 28 and
Portion of lots 12 and 13. block 171, same map,
Oakland; $10.
. Commonwealth M. B. and L. Association to
Anton and ' Theresa. - Hasaler. lot on v N line of
Thirty-sixth street. 276.26 W of Grove, etc.,
N 190 22. W 30, S 189, etc.." B 33, being E
portion of lot 4, block A, Apgar Tract, Oak
land; $10. '..' ¦
Henry. A. Gutters to Lucle B. Butters (wife),
lot on SE corner of Sixteenth street ami San
Pablo avenue, S 165.12. E 113.89, N 10l08. W
157.1-* "•• W ' 18.B8.- lots 7 Jo i 14. block A, map of
survey made for G. C. .Potter March 28. 1377,
Oakland; $10.
Maria D. 1 . and George H. Jeff ress to SImcn
Peterean, lot on W lino of Park or Twenty
third avenue, 100.34 ; N of Shasta avenue. , N
50 by W 123, lots 15 and 16. block A, Cam Jen
Twenty-thlrd-avenu* Tract. East Oakland; $10.
'. Plucnmer * Imnrovement Company to C. A.
Blank, lot on Wllne of Mark street, 150 S of
Kearney. S' 50 by W 135,- Berkeley; $10.
¦ ;Belle White ".(administratrix', of -estate ot
Amelia Clark) to, Raymond H. Bailey, all in
terest, in lot 8, block 107,. map Tract B, Berke
ley Land and Town Improvement Association,
Berkeley: s$8iS.« / •¦¦-
H Clara E. ; and Inring C. Lewi* (and as attor-
A. M. and j WUhelmina Taylor to A. Miles
¦Taylor . Sanitarium and Training School for
Nurses, lot on N line of Post street, 68:0
W.of Polk, W 25' by N 120; $10.
Calvin E. and Janet Knickerbocker and John
G. and Margaret Barker. to Alexander Warner,
lot on- S line 'of . Turk street, 65 E of Gough,
E 35 by S 120;^ f 10.
John and Hose | A. Walsh (Dear) to Georgo
A. Hare", re-record 1962 D. 172, N line of O'Far
rell street, C2. '6 W of Buchanan W 25 N
125, E 25. S 37:0, E 62:6, S 12:0,'. W 62:b, S
75; $10. . . . ¦ • . • ¦ ¦ -
¦George F. Terbush to Lorraine W. * Terbush,
lot on BAV i corner of -¦ Herman and '< Church
streets, S 85. W 27:10%. N. 82:8, B 28; gift.
John M. and Eva I* Kepner , to Carlo and
Matla Rondlnotti, lot on W line of Lyon street,
100 N of Hayes. N 25 by W 112:6; $10. ¦ r
Albert and Charlotta Wilford to Louisa Oon
lalez. lot on NE corner of Clay and Walnut
streets, E 27:6 by M/127:8U; $10.
Louisa and Alfred 'Gonzalez to Winifred M.
Gonzalez, same; gift. j
¦ James It. and Lillian P. McElroy to Mary
E.McAulltfe, loton N, line, of, Twenty-first
street. 200 E of Guerrero, E 25 by N 115; |io.
, Augustus J.Ranken; to Adolph Siebrecht, lot
on » NW. corner • of . Fourteenth . »ad -Walter
streeu. N. 88 by W 33; ?10. , • •
Frederick and Nellie Brown to Andrew and
Mary A.' Pryal," 16t on K -line of Florida street.
208 N of Twenty-fourth. N 26 by E 100; $10.
¦ Gustavo /and Anglo Scheller ¦• to . John/ and
Mary K."'Haster, ; lot on : E line of Harrison
street, 26 N of .Twenty-sixth, N 25 by; E 100
|10:: ... ¦' .;; .¦¦¦..¦•¦¦, ¦¦ 'v
Mary Doyle to John McCormlck. lot. on SW
corner of Duncan and Church streets, S 35-7
by W100: $1000." , . • . -
¦ . Edward £>. > Swift to Catherine T. Howard,
loton! NUne of Twenty-fourth street, 270 W
of Castro.iW 25 by.N 114;$10. ,
Jacopo Olannlni to Emile ' Glanninl, lot on S
line of - Eighteenth street/ 60 • E " of Diamond
E 25 by S 75; gift. ¦':¦' • . ...
:^. Wales ' ~U <¦ and ' Ruth V E. - Palmer ! to "A.' Schil
ling and G. F. .Volkmanp: LA- Schilling & Co.).
' . Caroline, ; George-," Henry." and Ernest Seekamp
to: Caroline iSeekamD, lot. on 8 line of Filbert
street. 87:6 W. of Powell. W 38 by S 70; girt.
¦ •I "William H. i; and Azalene E. .Demlng and
Florence : D. " and C. ; K. . Harley to M. ¦ Van
.Vllet and Charles Isaac, v lot on N- lino of
Turk : street,: 171 :10%E of Taylor, B-34:4%
WyN 137:6; |10.-, , -,
•: i John ; F. ¦ and • Johanna - Fugazl to Theodore
and : Anglola Bacigalupe. lot on NE corner of
Union . and- Jones streets. N 137:6.' E 60, "S'
40. E 60 -S2O. -W.80. S 77:6, W-40; J10. ; .
.- .'• John G. ¦' and ¦ Eliza '. H. McCulIough : to 'Fran-'
c!s - Sulll vanp. lot on SE line of ; City HalU ave-*
nue. ¦-¦-. 150 NE ; of \ CJty Hall square, NE . 25 ; by
SE ¦ 100 '. City ? Hall lot- 50; $10. .¦¦• i >: . ,
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
lot on NE line of Second street. 275 SB of
Folsom, pB 38:0 by NE . 125:6 to Charles
street, and all interest In Charles street; also
lot on SW line of Essex street. 279 SE of
Folsom, SB 21 by. SW 87:6; $10. . .
8amuel H. Harmon to Wales L. Palmer, un
divided 1-20 of lot on NB line-' of Second
street. 236:3 NW of Harrison, NW 38:9 by
NE 125:6 - to Charles street; also undivided
1-20 of lot on N»llne of D street. 107:6 W of
Nineteenth avenue. -W 25 by N 100; also un
divided 1-20 'of lot on W/lln» of Seventeenth
avenue. 2S5:6 N of C street. N 25 by W 120;
$10. . •¦¦ •.. -•¦' - ¦ . -¦ ¦ ¦ ..-. :
Rebecca G. Knox et al, to same, eame; $10.
Jacob and Rosa S. Stern to Claus Spreckels.
lot on SE line of Market street. 225:1^ NE
of Seventh: SE 165:1 by NE 50:2%; $5.
John and Ella McCullooh to Jacob L. God
day, lot on NW line of California street. 82,93
SW. of Fourth avenue. SW 25.13. N 81.06. E
25. S 78.51; $10. •
Bernhard and Rose Getz to Sarah B. Coiner,
lot on B llne # of Forty-fourth avenue. 225 S
of J street 'S 75 by E 120; $10.
Edwin J.: and Andrew W. Shrader to Jack
son L. Shrader. lot on W corner of Second ave
nue and L Btreet. SW-200 by NW 130. lot 24.
block 46. Tide Lands; $10.
Bridget Rlordan to B. Ducas Company (a
corporation), lot on NE line of Fourteenth
avenue. 150 NW of L street. NW 150 by NE
100, lots J3 and 14, block" 267, South. Saa
Francisco Homestead ; $10.
David and Jsabella Hughes to James J.
Fllnn and Timothy E. Treacy lot on N line of
Farallones street. S00 E of Plymouth. E 100
by N 125 lot 11. block N, Railroad Homestead
Association ; $500.
William and Clara M. McCormlck to John
A McCormick \undivided of lot 43. block
49 City Land Association; gift.
Otto F. and Edith W. von itheln to Edward
A. Downing, lot on SW corner of O'Farrell and
Laguna streets, S 40 by W 100; $10.
Merton S. and Eva L. Price to Mary Gold
stein, lot on NW corner of Sutter and Bu
chanan streets. W30 by N 137:0; $10.
Emma G. Butler (and as trustee estate of
Horatio S. Gates) to Moses J. Franklin, lot
on S < line of Sutter street, 110 E of Steiner,
E 27:0 by S 137 :«: $10.
Alexandre and Marie Bertln to Francis X.
Foley, lot on N line of Pine ntreet, 206:3 W
of Steiner, W 34:4% by N 137:6; $10.
John W. Quick to John Wlese, lot on SE
corner of Page and Shrader streets, S 50 by
E 106:3; .$10.
Frederick and Mary E. Ford to Oscar Hey
man, lot on W line of Treat avenue, 210 N -el
Twenty-first street, N 25 by W 122:0; $10.
Oecar Heyman to Frederick W. Herlltz.Jr.,
same; $10.
Estate of David N. Hawley (by Charles II.
Hawley, executor) to J. H. Boyson.'lot on NE
corner -of Stevenson and Twenty-Hrst Btreets,
N 85 by*E 3«; $0500.
George T. Hawley to W. H.- Checkering,
.same; $10.
W. H., Caroline and A. Chlckerlng to J.
H. Boyson, same: $10.
Charles H. and Elizabeth L. Hawley. to
same, same; $10. ,
George W. and Edith M. Heard to W. A.
Schrock. lot. on X .line of Hill street, 230 E
of Castro, E 25 by N 114; $10. . - '¦ • -.
> City and County of San Francisco to James
J. Don. nan. lot on E line of Alabama street,
140" S «f Twenty-sixth, E 200. . H 103, thence
along Serpentine avenue 213, N 140;. $- .
Alois Kudrna to Alois Kucera, undivided
one-half of lot on N line of Pacific street, 45:10
E of Larkln. E 21 by N tiO; $1000. '
Robert T. and Jean E. L. Allan to Shlels
Estate Comoany, lot on SE line of Mission
street, 275 SW of Third. SW 275 by SE 100,
quitclaim deed; £10.
Uerthi? and Isidor Lipman to N. A. Gosllner,
lot on SE line of Clementina street 125 NE of
Fifth, NE 25 by SE 80; $10.
William F. Humphrey to Rose C. Biggs, lot
on NE line of Sixth street, 00 SE of Folsom,
SE 25 by NE 75; *10.
Ann&'-E. and Catherine G. Smith and Mary
F. and Patrick M. Kibsane to Katherlne
Smith, lot on SW line of Oak Grove street,
200 NW of Bryant. NW 37:0 by SW 112; also
lot 12. block W. Park Lane Tract 2; gift.
Jacob Stern to James D. ! Phelan. lot on
SE line of Market street. 150:1 H NE of Sev
enth. SW 50:»>% by SE 105:1; $10.
Walter (i La Berge to William La Berge,
lot on W. line of Seventh avenue 115 N of
Clement Rtreet. N 75 by W 120; $10.
Frederick and Emma Nusbaum to Jean and
Marie F. Baron, lot on* E line of Third ave
nue, 150 S of Point Lobos avenue. S 25 by
B 120; $10.
J. W. Wright & Sons Investment Company
to Imogens Dougherty lot on N line of P
street. 57:6 W of Sixth avenue. W 50 by N'
100; $10.
Elmir S. Emmons to Mary J. Emmons, lot
on N line of Ocean road. 100 W of Douglas
street. N 103:6. W 50, S 113:0. E 51, portion
block 20, San Miguel ; also lot in Odd Fellows*
Cemetery; gift.
Augusta" D. F. .Eckenroth and administratrix
estate of Fnyik H. Eckenroth. Frank H. and
Henry Eckenroth (by Wendell Easton, com
missioner) to Hermann Meese. lot pn N cor
ner of Francis street and Telegraph road. NW
100 by NE200 .lots. 79 to 82, Academy Tract;
$3000. *s :.'•«:• i-.li: .I:f-v :• . :¦.
Mona L. and Lea -Bleakmore-to Annie Poole.
lot-on SE-llneof Laldley street. • 138 SW of
Roanoke SW 60 by SE 100. lots 27 and 28.
block 3. Mission and Thirtieth Street Home
stead; also lot on SW line of .Laldley street,
113 SW of Roanoke. SW B7 by NW 100. lots
42 and 43, block 4, .same, quitclaim deed; $10.
Eliza J. Wilson to Eliza D. Mack, undi
vided \<t of lot 617.- gift map- 2; $10.
Masonic Cemetery Association to James A.
Burns, lot in cemetery; $103. -
Builders! Contracts.
Behlow Estate Company (owners) with Robt.
Dewar" (contractor), architect William Curlett-*-
Otflce fixtures, glazing, marble work vault* on
first and basement floors for building on S line
of Geary street, ,77:0 E of Powell, 87 :C by
137:6; $4975. v <*. . .
Estate of Francesco Arata. by C. F. Gron
dona, executor (owner) with . G. Massolettl
(contractor) architect J. A. Porporato — All al
terations and additions except plumbing for
building on NW corner of Pacific ' street and
Ohio place. N 137:0 by W 52:6: $2950.
Metropolitan Improvement Company (owners)
with H. H. Larsen & Bros, (contractors), archl
tectB Sutton & Weeks— Grading, concrete, brick,
stone, iron work, nre escapes for a six-story
building on NE line of Third street, 30 SE of
Minna. SE 25. NE 77:0. PE 25. NE (10, NW 80.
SW 60 SE 30. SW 77:6; $33,675.
Same owners with Cook & Young (contract-,
ors), architects same — All work except grading,
concrete, brick, stone, Iron work, nre escapes,
heating and elevator for same on same; $50,125.
Martin Cresalia (owner) with E. L. Brooks
and R Zellnsky (contractors), architect E. J.
Vogel — All work for completion of building
partly finished on S line of Harrison street,
between Third and Second; $3SC0. .-
Congregation Sherith Israel (owners) with L.
B. Sibley (contractor), architect Albert Plssis —
Grading, bulkheadlng and refilling for a syna
gogue on NE corner of California an<V Webster
streets. E 132:0 by N 132:6; $7000. '
¦ -A; -Warner (owner) with William Hebllng
(contractor and architect)— All work for a
three-story and basement frame ¦ apartment
house on S*-Ilne of Turk street, C5 E of Gough,
E :t5 by S 120; $28,000. j .
, Elizabeth L. Lux (owner)/ with Hans Peter
son (contractor), architect) owner — All work ex
cept mantels, shades and gas fixtures for a
three-story and basement frame building (flats)
on N line of Union street. 87:6 W of Pierce, —
25. N 110. B 25. S 110; $8750. '
P. J. Stuparlch (owner) wlthVHugh E. Pynn
(contractor), architect H .Hess — All work for
a four-story frame building on . NW , corner cf
Hyde and Allen streets, 30 on Hyde by 00 on
Allen; $8075. "..
D. J. Gulnasso (owner) with Demartlnl &
Tra verso (contractors), architect same—Altera
tions and additions to a two-story frame build
ing on N lino of Vallejo street. 68 W of Stock
ton. W 21," N 70. E 24. S 70; $6600. -
Mrs.- Frank C. and Kate. Hilton • (owners)
with George Letterell (contractor), architect
Frank Hilton — All work for a two-story frame
building on W line of Dame street, 225 S cf
Thirtieth. W 125 by S 25; $1770. f
Alameda County.
¦ Mountain View -Cemetery -Association to
Milton M. Rhorer, lot In cemetery, Oakland
Township; $132.
.Walter P. Woolsey (single) to Rufus - A.
Kerllnser. lot on S line of Essex street, . 182.38
feet "W of Wheeler. ,\V 10 by S 10O, being B
10 feet lot 7. • block E. amended map of E
portion of Newbury Tract. Berkeley; $10..
. Homestead Land Association of Berkeley to
same lot on S line of Kasex street. 157:38 feet
W of Wheeler,' W 25 by S 100. being W 25
feet, lot 8. block E,- eame, Berkeley; $10.
. ; Dudley ; Kinsell (single) - to Antonio B. Se
quelra (single), - 1 1.00 ¦ acres, being all plats
1 and 2.' matt with referee's report In parti
tion suit. Toler et - al. vs. Jose C. Peralta, ad
ministrator "etyal.. No. 5408, Third District
Court of Alameda. excepting 2 acres of said
plat 1. now owned by A. P. Newbert. Brook
lyn Township: grant.
P. ; A. and Prlaclila ' S. Berlin (wife) to Mrs.
Susanna , Alf roda . Andre, u lot .20, block A.
amended map resubdi vision Haight Tract, Ala
meda; $10. -. •
Andrew F. Hass (single) to ¦ M. , Rlnehart. lot
on 8 Una of Walton or Thirty-fifth street.
626:11 E of San Pablo avenue, E 30 by S 140:4,
portion of lots' 17 and 18, Cotter Tract, Oak
land: $10.
Edward D. and Helen Harmon (and as attor
ney) to RoBert P. Dey. lot on W line of West
street.'"; 54.9 S ; of ¦' Thirty-eighth, S - 53 .by XV
10S.21, lots 8 - and - 9, -block O, Major Given
Tract. Oakland;- $10. # - : - ,
1 P ¦ A.> and" Lena Blake to Trescott 8. Wilson,
W- 20 feet of lot 23 and E 20 feet of lot 24,
block C, Gaeklll Tract, Oakland; $10.V.
- ¦ Scenic -Park. Realty Company to , Jacques
Loeb lot on S line of Virginia street. ".. 125 E
of Le Roy avenue, S 125 by.E 100,- lota 6 and
8 block 18, map of Daley's Scenic Park (deed
and agreement). • Berkeley ; $10. ,
•Frank M.. Rose H. and Raymond V. Wilson
to Myer E. Jaffa, lot on NW corner of -Virginia
etreet and Bonte avenue. W100 by X 125, lot*
17 and'. 18, block 17. same,- Berkeley: $10.
Laura ; M. - ; Bond (widow) to Harry T.* and E.
L.i Bryant, : lot on Wllne of "Harper street. 100
N of Wbolsey,. N 35:5 by W 122:4, lot 4, block
6,v map of portion . of ¦ Central Park Tract,
Berkeley: $10. 7" * "¦ " - -¦-'-."" '-.••" -•-":••
-Lena Doychert (widow) to GusUf A. Nyland
«r'-lot on 8E corner of McPherson" street and
Pacific avenue, -y. 8 114. -Ei 117.70, » S 37.35. B
17 00. N 151.85. -W . 135.60,' portion of ¦ Aughln
baugh 223-acre Tract, Alameda: $10. .; : t >
•1,'John Scanlan (administrator of the estate of
Margaret Smith) t6' Elizabeth Devlin." re- record
RS8 D. "¦: 3. - all interest In . lot . on , S W corner of
West 'and- Thirty-eighth streets, S 28.4. ¦ W
108 21. N 21.18. .; E .108.25.^: lot v 11. block ' O.
Major » Given » Tract;. Oakland : ?1S5O. ,:,
= Flora i B: • McDermot ; (widow) to Charles E. v
Echlln." beginnings at' a point ¦ on -S ', line of \ lot
10. * 55.8 n E i from i SW \ corner ' of eaid lot . 10.
THE SA3ST FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 9. J903.
13
nd A R AB
v^5C0UT
THE beautiful series of art reproductions,
in color, now being given free as a sup-
_J plement to The Sunday Call, will be
materially enhanced in value by the addition of
the magnificent picture to be distributed next
Sunday.
This beautiful picture is the work of the
eminent German artist, Adolph Schreyer, and
is called "The Arab Scout."
1^ v^ £**£*< ¦ - -^'•% > "*.\' JBBBra!jow^H| ' -- '^' ' j
TJ1E ARAB SCOUT.
This title, whfch has been given to many of the pictures of Al-
gerian horsemen painted by Adolph Schreyer, was never better ap-
plied than to the »>ne which furnishes the subject of The Call Art
Supplement. , •
The alejt and «autioys Attitude of the rider and the careful man-
ner in which the horse is shown picking hi3 way through a trackless
waste suggest forcibly that they are on uncertain cround. where tm- '
seen foes may be met at any moment . .
Schreyer was a romanticist. He seemed to resrard the horse with
much the same love and respect that the Arabs bestow upon what they
consider God's most precious gift to man.
He also surrounded the Arab with a glamour of romance. The
free adventuse of their nomadic lives, their skill in horsemanship and
the use of firearms, the wealth of color and ornament in their cos-
tumes and trappings for their steeds are dwelt upon in his pictures
with a fond attention which indicates an absorbing interest in them.
Few painters have adhered to a class of subjects — one mi^ht say
a single subject— as closely as Schreyerv*
In his earlv life he painted some scenes in which Wallachian team-
sters or field artillery of various armies played a prominent part, but
when he had once become familiar with Arabs and their hor3.es he
rarely attempted to paint other subjects. • -'}'¦?>
Adolph Schrever was born in Frankfort-on-the-Main in 1828. He
studied drawinc in the Stadel Institute in that city and studied horses
in a riding school. Later he pursued his a,rt studies in Stutteart.
Munich and Dusseldorf. -¦ ,
In 1848 he traveled throueh Hungary, Wallachia and the land of
the Cossacks with the Prirtce of Thttrn and Taxis.
He accompanied the Austrian army on its march . throusrh the
Danubian provinces in 18^4. and in 1856 traveled through Syria and
Egyot. ' ' •
In 1861 he visited Algiers, and from that year until 1870 he re-
sided in Paris. In that vear he went to Kronbere. near Frankfort.'
and until his death he divided his time between that place and Paris.
' He received honors in many Earo'pean exhibitions and is repre-
sented in many public galleries. He was a member of the Academies
of "Antwerp' and Rotterdam: was court painter to the Grand Duke of
Mecklenburg: was chevalier of the Order of Leopold.
In America his wqrk has been immensely popular. Scarcely a
public or private collection of any importance is without" one or sev-
eral of his paintings.
The Vanderbilt. Catherine Wolf, William Astor. August Belmont.
Stebbins. Drexel. Walters. Morgan. Huntington. Butler and Rocke-
feller collections are a few in which he was, or is, represented by'im-
portant works. : •
Thei Chicago Art Institute possesses a most admirable example in
"Horses Fleeing from a Burning Stable," in the Munger collection
and Call readers will soon have this beautiful picture free as usual. ' [
TRAIN NEWS AGENTS AND ALL NEWSDEALERS SELL
THE CALL
Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents.
THEY ARE FRAMING THE CALL ART SUPPLEMENTS:
The Following Art Dealers Are Making a Specialty of Framing Call
Art Supplements:
SACRAMENTO— Hevener. MIer & OAKLAND- E. J. Saake, 13
Co 615 J street; C. N. Davis, book praph avenue; A. A. Barlow, 383
store. S17 K street. . _ Twelfth street.
PETALUMA— H. S. Gutermute, J. CHICO— Fetters & Williams.
M SAWE-Oeo re . Denn,. M. Le=- rtf"™*"-*- P ' f ""« * <»..
Stockton Racket Store. 711 East Main Furniture Company"; T. J^ Houston.
Btreef Gage's art store, 509 East Houston Furniture Company.
Main street; Weber's art store. 425 REDWOOD CITY-W. I* Kline.
East Main street. „ „ SANTA^CRUZ-H. «. Irish. Cooke
MARYSVILLE—G. W. Hall. . Bros.^. £,R- Hew, George C. Hobron.'
ALAMEDA-C. P. Magagnos, 1353 JACKSON— E. G. Freeman Co.
Park street. \ "WILLOWS-Wlllows News Agency.
PIANOS AND OltGANS.
PART of our list of barFB'.ns In second-hand
pianos for September. 1J»O3;
• Original
Price. Now.
2 BARNES & eON—
Walnut cases, largre sis*, colonial
style three pedal.*. 7 1-3 octaves.
equal to r«>w »350 $275
1 EMEUSON —
Walnut case. cabinet grana.
osrved ranel:". 7 1-3 octsves, three
ytd'.s, in fine condition, slightly
Used *W 271'
i EunnsoN— ' < '2'i&$
Flemish oak case, cabinet grand,
v«ry latest Ueslsn and finish, nearly
new <50 300
1 SOHMER—
Main f ar.y rase, medium size, full
F-B-inpir.n desk. 7 1-3 octaves, thor-
oughly renovated and equal to new. 500 825
1 U'EBER—
Rosewood case, fancy carved,
Ip.rpest t'.ze, 7 1-3. octaves, in ex-
eeUent condition C50 S25
1 Bradbury —
Rosewood case. larpe *!ze. 7 1-3
octaves, thoroughly renovated and
eQuul .to new 500 SSO
1 l'.rr«2bury —
Rr-i oak case, cabinet grand.
7 1-3 octaves, thoroughly renova-
ted and equal to new..: ,. 500 325
Complete list furftlshPd on application at our
mtere. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Corner Kearny and Butter sts.
- ¦ I
. PALWISTItY.
MME. PEVAS — Scientific palmist and astroio-
Klst. Palm readings $1. Hours 10 to 12 and
1 to 6. and Tuesday evenings. 139 Post st.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist B13
Taylor St., near Geary. Phone Black 561.
PAPEIiHANCIXG. PAINTING. ETC.
ItOOMS papered. S3 &0 up: tintlnsr. raintins.
Harttnana Paint Co.. 3H» 3d Ft.;tfl.Maln 413.
ROOMS FOR HOISEK1 EEPING.
A — ST. JAMES, McAllister and Laguna— Fur-
nicbed eunny rulte, with separate sunny.
kitchen; gas range; all complete for house-
fceer'r-g: <15 up.
¦ANTLEIIS. 415 Turk et.— Strictly modern. 4-5
room apartments; fur. or. unfur. fcr hskpg.
BARTLETT. 41— Four cicfly furnished rooms
for housekeeping; bath, rhor.e, piano; adults, j
FCrHTH, 22Ti — X!re housekeeping rooms; also J
eingl«.
GEARY. 1_S — Hcusekeping eulte S rooms; pri-
vate bath; also 3-rooraed cottage; hkpg.; gas.
HERBERT (Tfce) — Sonny apartments for
housekeeping; gas ranges; Just newly fur-
r.Jsntd. 1530 Polk «t.
OAK. "117 — Nicely furnished euites; gas rarc«.
hot bath, laundry; f2 25 a week up; adults.
PEVENTJL 131 — Housekeeping rooms; nice
bsy-wlndcw rooms.
STOCKTON. 1206, Model House — Front rooms.
new furnished. $5; phone, ga«. bath, eunny. j
TAYLOR. 811 — 3 runr.y rcotne furnished, gas
raipe. flC; unfurnished. $1"; rirgle room,
>6 50.
THE GillesrSe. 118 KJpUl st.— Nicely furnished
rooms, fl 50 to $3 per week; phone; quiet.
TWENTT-THIRD, 372r.. r .ear Dolores— 3 eunny
bay-window rooms; r.ioe, neat, complete.
CLASSIFIED aavertti»*mer.ts and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A. BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
rubscrlptlors has been established at 1038
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET — i'nrn. and lnfurn.
A — BRUNS'U'ICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms
2&c to f 1 per night. SI 25 to $5 per week and
tight houct keeping rooms; open all night.
ALTON, 204 McAllister et! — Large sunny cor-
ner bay-w'.r.Jow rooms fronting City Hall;
good tor two; also other rooms; gas; phone.
AT "The AJmonte," S'73 Market st. Cor No. 1
' Firth et.) — Rocroe, 25c. 60c. $1. $1 50 night;
fl M to f: < week; house open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
r.ished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, ccr. Maeon— Elegantly
forcirhed eunny Yocms; prices reasonable.
GRAM' Southern, 7lh and Misrlon — Rooms 50o
to $1 50 eight; fl to $3 week; reading-room.
HYDE, 810, near Suiter— Large furnished
tx 4tr.; IX
TIOYAL House, 128 Ellis — Incandescent lights.
readlr.i;-ropm. emokir.g-room and ladles' par-
lor; ro^ms per r.ight. 3Sc to $1 50; week. f2
to fS; sacnth, f8 to f30; elevator on ground
fiocr; rooms with hot and cold -water; baths.
THE FALM.OUTH. 1 049 A Market, et. ; furnished
rooms; hot «nd cold water; elevator; central.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy et., near Market—
400 f .r ; .• and family rooms; 25c to $1 night;
. fl 75 to fO w«*k; elevator; electric lights;
reaclng-room; free bu£ and baggage.
WINCHKSTER Hotel, 44 3d et.. near Market—
'Mctt convenient end reepectable; 700 rooms;
33c to fl 50 cifrht; $2 to fS week: elevator;
elec. liphti: reartlng-rocm; free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call braach efflce. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office fcr Call advertisements and
f=ul;-5cr!ptior.s has been established at 10U6
Valencia Ft.
ROOMS AXD nOARD. ~
ELEGANT large eunny alcjve room; also an-
other; gaa, bath, running water; first-claa*
board; private family; no children; phone.
¦ 1224 Oclden Gate ave.
CENTRAL, 05. cor. Haight— New mi-dern.
eunr.y flat; new furniture; rooms single or
*-n suite; most desirable.
ETEVEXSO.V Mansion. 807 California Ft. — At-
tractive end eightly rooms; best table and
servicf ; lowest rates.
VAN NEPS ave.. 1714— Private boanJUig-house,
home like, everything first class; eunny I
• fulte* ; tinkle rooms; choice locality: ref.
CHEAPFST and beet la America — The Weekly
Call. 1C pages, eent to any address in tb*
United States cr Canada one year for fl.- :
ROOMS AXD BOARD WASTED.
tnjBXJSBED room with flrst-daFs board for
re«i*cta.b!e young man; private family. 006
Hermann tt., b^t. Fillmure and Steiner.
RELIABLE young man wants board In nice
.family; Spanish lessoae in return. Box 4041,
Call.
GENTLEMAN wants board and rccm. with
or without board, in a musical family," where
no other hoejderp «tn? kept. Box CM7. Call.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 72T»-
731 Howard St.. near Third; phone Grant ltil.
PIER.Cn-P.ODOLPH Storage & Moving; Co.. of-
flce Poet and Powell ets.; teL Prlv. Ex. 571.
CON—LIN" 6 Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 3S3 Golden Gate ave.; phoce East 12a
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
MltElon et.; tf-I. Howard »41. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Etorar» and FVrnitura Mcvlnjr Com-
pany. 252O rtlimor* et.; phon« Jackson 281.
EEKINS Van and Etonvce Co., 11 Montgomery
et.; tel. Main IMP. Fhipplajr at cut rate*!
TYPEWniTE R S AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS DC TTPCTVTUTERS^We
isell better machines for le*s money than any
house In the city; rentals f3. The Tvpewrlter
Exchange, 538 California;telephoae Main 200.
A FEW good type— rlters at f 30 each; get nar-
ticulars. . I* & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
• gomery et. «
2O-HAND typewriters eold. rented, repaired,
Wffrgter Typewriter Inspec. Co.. DOS Market.
DIVIDEND KOTICES.
OFFlCi: if Sierra Railway Company of Caii-
forala, No. 22S» Crocker bldg.. Ban Fraa-
cIeco, Cal.. Oct. 1, 1&03 — Coupon No. 13. d u «
Oct. 12. 1003, from first mortgage 6 per cent
bond*, of the Sierra Railway Company c r
. <:>.:-'-:;.. vrlU be paid at the fiscal agency
of this company, the Crocker- Wool worth Na-
tional Bank cf Baa Francisco. Cal.. oa aad
after tl_t date.
K. D. FRESH— AN. Treajinrer.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, con.— a dividend. No. .68. of fifty
cent* («0c) per ebare on the Issued capital
•stock or the company hae been declared, pay-
£]£¦ o™ I, ° rflt ' e of the company, rooms 202-
SM-CM Hayward building. Ban Francisco, oa
£ : I901 T^n*?*r book* c«os« Octo.
| t>r .'.. 3303. c. C. QUINN. Secretary. .
TKUfcTKCS- SALE — Tfce undersigned offer for
J'i,," 1 etor * fixtures and furniture
tt A> ~ 4, co -. aid located at 104 Geary et..
tiU. fr^l SC °- CaIif0^ia. An tevtniory^f
the Board of Trade. 2«2 Market <t. Saa
f<5Fce_£ S* U and .Uo on th* premiie*!
Jr^,^ ' wber * the stock may be in-
r*tary of th. Board di Trade, 2^ Mar^t
Ort i-h t^ C °' C 5 or before TUESDAY,
5^Vt ?-, 1Wj3> st 10 o'clock a." m. A cer-
check for 10 per <*« ot the arawnV
«£iT£,if? St accoro »any each bid. return-
°£l y . ta **"* cf «Jection of bid. ¦ Klght
r^»ened to reject any and all bids. Terra*
: I_A_^ H f r_-_eat RUNDELL> F ' %&™b.
HEAL ESTATE — piTY— FOR ¦ SAL.B.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.. ' . \~
63S MARKET ST.
TCESDAY * .\«October 13. 1W3
. - At our salesrooms. 638 Market St.,
At 12 o'clock noon.
HOLTROOD HOTEL, BUSH ST.
North line of Bush St. 145 feet east of Tay-
lor; No. S20; lot 32:8x137:6; improvements,
new hotel known as the Holyrood;- built nine
months* ago; contains 70 sunny rooms, billiard
and dining rooms, 14 bathrooms, 5-story brick
and frame bliig.; modern In. every respect: elec-
tric elevator; telephones In each room; rent
under secured lease, $450 per month; tenant
Ijays water bills all repairs etc. '
» MIKSION-ST. BUSINESS CORNER.
Southwest corner Mission and Mary sts., bet.
nth and Gth, running through to Minna; lot
f>7:Cxl(;0 feet; lmpts. four frame bldg*.: rents
?250 per mouth; could easily be Increased: 3
stores, hall for lodge purposes, dwellings; Mls-
siun-Et. corners are scarce. \
SECON'D-ST. MANUFACTURING SITE.
Northwest corner Second and Silver sts.: «0
ft. frontage on Second et. by 90 ft deep, irreg-
ular; this property will doubl*. in value inside
of a year, as Second et. is destined, to become
the principle street in this entire district. .
LEAVENWORTH-ST. INVEST—ENT.
West line of Leavenworth et., 54 ft south of
K!li5; 83:9 ft frontage through to rear street:
improvements consist of 4 2-etory dwellings, al-
ways rented; do not miss this "magnificent op-
portunity. • i *JM
TO CLOSE ESTATE OF HENRT CASANOVA.
South line of 27th st. SO ft. eaat of Noe:
large parcel of land. 150x114 ft.: if .th— prop-
erty was subdivided into building lots a hand-
some revenue could be realized,
RICHMOND COTTAGE.
Eoutherly line of Pt " Lobos ave.. 107 ft.
east of 9th ave.. being' No. 1917; lot 23x100,
ft.; a very fine cottage. 6 eunny rooms and
bath, high finished basement, stable in rear.
CLAY-ST. FLATS.
Pouth line of Clay st., east of "Baker; Nos.
3023. 8025; two elegant frame flats, 5 and 6
rooms and bath; 1 rents very low at $58
month; building newly painted and la perfect
order; lot 27:CxS5 feet. • .
MISSieN BUILDING SITE.
West line of Mission et.. 99 ft. north of 14th.
thenco 9"Jxl"0 ffcet through to Jessie St., irreg-
ular; thi? property is situated in a particular-,
ly desirable block on Mission St.; fine location
for stores and apartment house.
MISSION COTTAGE— ALSO BLDG. LOTS.
Southwest corner Church and 21st sts. ;' lot
50:10x114 ft.; impts. consist of 6 rooms and batk
cottage; good plumbing, etc
Also 4 desirable lots ready for building on
eoutherly line of 21st st.'; 50:10 south of
Church St.; 25:5V4xlI4 feet.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE &<&.,
638 Market frt.
CHEAP HOMES AND SNAPS.
$24O0 — Cottage, 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x100;
Prectta ave. ; cars pass the door; $500
$1300 — Cottage. 4 rooms; lot 25xS0; Fblsom st. ;
half block from cars;. street work all-done.
$3300 — $o0o cash: 2-etorr. 7 rooms; modern; lot
20x125; flne neighborhood; between Twenty-
fifth and Twenty-sixth ets.. Fair Oaks.
$2100 — Cottage, 4 rooms and stable: unfinished
basement; can be made into a flat; Duncan
St.. eunny ride, bet. Guerrero and Dolores. %
$1100— Lot 25x125; Fair Oaks st.. bet. Twenty-
fifth and Twcnty-slxih; sunny side; - fine,
neighborhood ; lots in same block held at
$2000; $500 cash, balance long time.
J. F. PLUMBE. 1402 Valencia st.
$250 DOWN and $25 r«" month: xew .cottage.
5 r. & b. ; lot 30x150. Cottage, 4 r. & b. for
$2100; 27th et.; eunny cottage. 5 r. A b.; 28th;
$lS00 — It will pay you to look at these snaps.
D. COFFIN & CO., 3303 Mission st.
NEAT cottage with modern Improvements;
terms eame as paying rent. Apply owner.
Lumber yard. S. E. corner Alabama and
Montcalm ets. > * .
BUILD en your unimproved realty; wa \o%n
full cost Improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
FINE income flats on Fulton, near City Hall;.
reasonable. Inquire 142 Fulton st.. owner.
REAL ESTATE— Country— For Sale..
WANTED— To sell and exchange, fniit. graJn
aqd etock farms; city and town property;
no matter where located;, sales made and
trades adjusted on ground floor bails; no
delays. INTERNATIONAL BROKERAGE
ASSN.. Inc.. 3G0 Pine st. ' .-
$2750 — 120 ACRES; 600- range; sell or lease,
$275; orchard and vineyard best In State;
can visit city and return same day; 3% miles
' to town; old age reason for selling.- J. W.
6.. box 40CO. Call office. .
2 ACRES land, adjoining Union Park. Colma;
fenced hedges around land; good house;
chicken-houses, water: reasonable; chickens,
ducks. R. S. THORNTON. 416 Examiner bid.
ALALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
.vineyards; inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent -fre«. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648
Market st. " " .
LUMBER land — 060 acres redwood timber land
with new sawmill .in Sonoma County will be
told at a bargain. Box 4066. Call. .
FOR poultry and dairy ranches yielding & good
profit. HAMILTON & KENDRICK.Petaluma.
A WEEK'S nexrs for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
POINT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
— — s ~— a —
WATER front lota and bargains; all tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
INCOME property; long lease; $310 month.
Fpr oroperty to improve, box 4103, Call.
alTmeda advertisements.
ALAMEDA FURNISHED HOUSES.
FOR rent — Nicely furnished house in Alameda;
reasonable to responsible party; owner leav-
lng for the East. Address box C 832. Call.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
J. J. MASON, ~~ ~~~*
Real Estate and Insurance Agent.
Choice Property a Specialty.
SE. cor. Shattuck eve. and Center St.
Berkeley. Cal. ¦
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
BEATS FORECLOSURE 'SALE *T
$3150— Rare opportunity no secure fine 8-
room house: new; never occupied; buyer can
move in at once: price • reduced from 43750;
owner muEt get $S50 cash to meet coming ob-
ligations; in rapidly growing district on 87th
st., near Telegraph ave.; near new ferry sys-
tem that soon starts.
Win the party who made verbal offer of
$3700 please call again or send address, and
oblige.
8. M. DODGB & SON.
1160 BROAD WAT.
ALSO AGENTS FOR THE REALTY SYN-
DICATE PROPERTIES AND 6 PER CENT
INTEREST-BEARING CERTIFICATES. ? .
MODERN house, 9 rooms; good stable; Mason
& Hamlin organ. Apply before 12 m., 422
Orange st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Echellhaas. 11th et,.cor.store.Oaklnd.
SPECIALISTS. I \
CATARRH. DEAFNESSand NOISES in EARS
po6itlvejy cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlnghani, 20-1 Sutter st. .
SEWING aiACHIXES AXD SUPPLIES
NEW HOME sewing machine, this week only,
*1O. $15 $20; slightly used; needles 20c dox.
NEW HOME S. M. CO.. 1QG1 Market St.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERINGS
MELBOURNE School, .Van Ness-Market— Cure
in every case; Individual teaching: no medi-
cine. Inquire into wonderful cures .home cure.
~~ _LASHIAO£ LICENSES. T~
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
James F. Bly, 28, city, and Marie Mlttere-
ger. 33. Palo. Alto. .
John J. Sweeny, 21. 206 Fifth street, and
Nano Mahonty. lb, 210 Fifth street. : •- •
Albert Lindner, 24, 39~3 Twenty-fifth street,
end Mart ur rite Thompson. 20. 3972 -Twenty •
firth ttrcet. .-.-,..< ¦ ¦¦ - ¦ . ¦ ,
Ole P. S. AxdeL 29, 31 Lawrence place, and
Lovise Myren, 22, 311 Thirtieth street...-
Harry W. Blehop, 29, 10T Taylor street/ and
Alberta L. Bower, 29, 107 Taylor street.
Frank Torrano, 23, - C21 ' Vallejo street, and
Cannela Mlraglla. 15, 1212 Kearny street.
Karl Honk, 31, city, and Emma. Nelson, 32,
dty.
Howard A. Chadderdon, 27, 233 . Kearny
Btreet, and Lyda C. Sloper, .19, Stockton.
Andrew L. Yeazell, £0, city, and Maud E.
Koehl, 18,. city.
John. Cunningham,. S3. 3019 Montgomery
•treet. and Ellen Cariia. 25. 1248 Montgomery.
. ' Christoph HUdebr&nd, : 29. 1082 Howard
street, and Marie E. Schneider, 26, 031?,
Green street. • ' •'
William Kane. 21,' 944 Fillmore: etreet, and
Margaret C. Ward. 18. 3121 O'Farrell street.
James M. Lyons, 25,' 1&43 Twelfth avenue.
South San Francisco, and Mary - 1.' Leslie. ' 16,
275 Stevenson street.- ...
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices eent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either ot the publication offices and ba
indorsed with the name and residence of per*
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN. •
BLOCH— In tWs city, to the wlfa of Henry
M. Bloch, a daughter.
GERSON— In this city, October 8, 1903, to tlw
wife of Paul Gernon. a son. ¦ -
~mabried! ',
BISHOP — BOWER— In this city. October- 8,
1903, by the , Rev. 'Walter M. White, Harry
W. Bishop of New York and Alberta L.
Bower of San Francisco. ' t
CAMPBELL— DECKER— In this city, October
6. 11KW. by the Rev. J. Fuend«l Ing; Thomas
A. Campbell and Adele Pecker. , • • ,
FETTER — NORTHRUP — In this city, October
8, 1903, by the Rev. Georgo Guth, Ferdi-
nand Fetter and Annie R. Northrup. both
of Sac Francisco.
HUTCHINSON— UPHAM— In tnia city, Octo-
' ber 3. 1&03, by the Rev. Walter M. White.
John A. Hutchlnson and Helen C. * TJpham,
both of San Francisco. • »:<
KAUFMANN— OPPENHEIMER— In thlfl city.
October 4, 1003," by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto,
Adolph KauJmann and Alice Oppenhelmer.
LAN1NO— BENJAMIN— By the Rev. J. M.
Helsley, Rev. M. B. Laniag and Mrs. L. E.
Benjamin.
LAZARUS— SCHNEIDER— In this city, Octo-
ber 4. 1903. by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto, Syl-
vain J. Lazarus and Rosalind Schneider.
LEWIS — COHAN — In this city, October 4,
1903, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, Ellis Lewie
and Selena E. Cohan.
OEVERNDIEK— VON BARGEN— In this city,
October 5, 1903, by the j Rev. Hermann
¦ Gehrcke, Kenry R. Oeverndiek and Kate M.
von Barz<>n, both of San Francisco. v
RAU — PIERSON — In this city, September 30.
1903, by the Rev. J. Fuendellnj;. Fred J.
Rau and Juliette Keay Pierson.
SCHRODER— HEINS— In this city, October 6,
1903, by the Rev. J. Fuendeliilgr. Carsten C.
Schroder and Katharina Helns. %
_____ —.__
Attenborough, Emma Guiott, Christina
Blundon, Joseph W. Hartnett, Thomas '
. Brown. Clara Heaney. Thoma*.J\
Drown, Phebe P. ¦ Kaighln, Charles J.
Coleman, James T. ! —elleher, Josephine •
Connors, William Kruger, Minnie •.
Corbett, Bridget Lee Wong
Cordes. Jacob H. McCammon, Thomas
Dapelo, Louis McMartln, Edward
Dellow, Alexander J. O'Connell. Ellen
Didi. Charles Ricliet, Eugene C. ,
Donlan, Thomas S. Rlddell, James A. • '
Elmquist, Julia- M. . ; Schaefer, Mary • '
Kmmons, Elmer S. Stecher. Otto
Fassler, Sophie Tully, Electy
Flaker, Kate AVade, Richard
Gschwind, Remi Wilson, Anna
ATTKNBOROUGH— In this city, October 7,
1903, Emma M., beloved wife of Henry ;"W.
Attenborough, a native of New York. a«ea
U7 years 4 months and 20 days. si '•¦
(£7Frlendi and acquaintances' are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, .Sti'j Mission* Etreet.
between Fourth and Fifth. Interment pri-
vate. Cypress Lawn Cemetery. •-.
ULUNDON — In Martinez, Contra Costa County,
October 6, l'J03. Joseph W., husband" of Car-
rie M. Blundon, beloved father of Flora M.
and Maud G. Blundon, and brother of Corbin
Blundon of Oakland, a native of Maryland,
aged 45 years. J
I (ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
. the United Undertakers, £08 Mission etreet,
•between Fourth and Fifth. Interment Na-
tional Cemetery. Presidio. .*•
BROWN— In this city, October 5, 1903, Clara,
wife of Wllllam'.'Brown, and sister of Mrs.
J. Whitney and John Sarasom, a native of
California, aeed 20 years.
CTTlie funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
. of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 7C7 Mission street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. •
BROWN— In this city. October S, 1903, Phebe
' P. Brown, wife of the late Daniel T. Brown,
¦ and beloved mother of Clarence M., William
W., Harry D. and Fred K. Brown. Mrs. K.
A. Watkins and M. H. Ball, a native of
New York, aged 65 years and 21 days.
[DTFiiends and acquaintances, are respect-
fully Invited to attend the. funeral services
Friday, at 4 o'clock, at her late residence,
727 Franklin etreet. Interment at Vallejo,
Cal.
COLEMAN— In Oakland, October 7, 1903.
James T. Coleman. beloved brother of Mrs.
J. C. Dwyer and Mrs. John Broderick, a na-
tive of County Waterford, Ireland, axed- 00
years. - - .. •« ¦ •• ¦
(CTFTiends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Friday), at 8;S5
o'clock, from his late residence. 1274 5" Wr "
' teenth avenue, thence to St. Anthony's
Church,- where a requiem -high mass will be
. celebrated for the repose of his soul, coin-
"menclng at 9 o'clock. ¦ Interment St, Mary's
Cemetery. '
CONNORS — In the City and County Hospital.
October 8, 1903, William Connors, a native of
Ireland, aged 38 years. ,_ , -
CORBETT— In this city, October C, 1903, Brid-
get, beloved wife of Maluchi Corbett, loving
mother of Edward, John, James, Annie and
William Corbett and Mrs. Robert Welsplel,
and beloved aunt of Mrs. Edward Herald
and Miss Kate Murray, a native of Taugh-
maconnell. County Roscommon, Ireland, aged
05 years 3 months and 15 days.
lE7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day ¦
tFrlday), at 8:15 o'clock," from her late resi-
dence, 1211 Stevenson street, between Her-
mann and Brady, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass '
will be celebrated for the reposa of her aoul
.at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
* tery.
CORDES — In Berkeley, October 7, 1903, Jacob
H., 'beloved hufband of Henrike Cordes, and
father of Anna, Adele. John, Herman and
Lilly Cordes and Mrs. C. Rohde, a native of
' Bremervorde, Germany, aged 72 years 0
months and 20 days.
(GTFrieuds are respectfully invited - to at»
' tend the funeral services Friday, October 8,
1903, at y 2 o'clock, at his late residence, 1324
University. avenue, Berkeley. Interment pri-
vate.
DAPELO— In this city, October 7. 1903, at his
residence, 1351 Harrison street, Louie, be-
loved son of Louie and Julia Dapelo, and
brother of Olympia, Joseph, Mary, Angella
and Rose Dapelo and Mrs. A. Gleason, a na- '
tive of Virginia City, Nev., aged 24 years U
months and S days. - •
.tCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from Iiis late resi-
dence, 13C1 Harrison street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ¦ .
DELLOW— In St. Helena, Napa County, Oc-
tober 7, 1903, Alexander J., beloved husband
of the late Mary-F. Dellow, father of Elea-
nor and Vincent Dellow, and brother of
Flora Dellow, a native of Surrey, England,
aged 43 years 1 month and 2<$ days. ¦ ,
' lETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral . to-day
(Friday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros., 224-228 McAllister
• -. -etreet. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
II o'clock strain from Third and Townsenti
streets. % , .
DIDI— In the City and County Hospital. Oc-
tob»r 8, 1903, Charles Dldi, a native of
Tahiti, aged 60 years.
DONLAN— In this. city. October 8,< 1903,
Thomas S. Donlan, beloved husband Of Fan-
nie Donlan, and father of Walter J. Donlan
and Mrs. Florence Woods, a native of A'tw
Orleans, tared 01 years.
ELMQUIST— In this city, October 7, 1903,
Julia M. Elmquist, dearly beloved mother of
Emile, Jule and Oscar Elmquist and Ida E.
Petcrmaiva native of Sweden, aged 70 years
7 months and 5 days. .
E~Funeral services will be. held Friday,
October 9, at 1:80 o'clock, at the parlors of
H. P. Petersen. 228 McAllister -street. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. •
EMMONS— In this city. October 8/ 1903, Elmer
;S., sou of Mary J. and the late Ellsha Eni-
smons, and brother of George. W. and Delia
C. Emmons and Mrs. C. P. Fonda, aged 52
years. - . " - . -....-.
|E7The funeral services will be held' to-
morrow (Saturday), at, 2 o'clock, at him late
residence, 3714 Sacramento street. • i
FASSLER— In this city, October 8, > 1003, So-
• phie, beloved wife of Joseph Fassler, and
mother of fiophle, Edith, Anita . and Emily
Fassler, a native of San 'Francisco., t
E?".NuUce of funeral hereafter. -'7. '
FLAKER — In this city. October 8.. 1903. aft ho
; residence, 10U2H Minna street, Kate, beloved
wife of John H. Flaker, dearly beloved
- mother of Leo, Rose and Grace Flaker, and
daughter cf Nicholas and Grace Devine, a
' native of Dei Moines, Iowa. ,
, GSCHWIND— In this city, October 6, 1903,
Reml, beloved husband of ¦ Clara Gschwind,
and father of Rudolph Gschwind ' and Mrs. .
C. Richards, a native of Switzerland, aged
75 years and 3 days. (Chicago, III., and'
Buffalo. N. Y.', papers please copy,),. ¦ ; .
¦ |t3r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend > the funeral services
Friday, October 9, 1903,; at 2 *o' clock, at the
mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Company, - 2475 Mission street, ; near
HENRY J.CALLACHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr. -,.¦•' ;
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND. EMBALMERS.
• 20. Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
' ¦ — . Telephone South JO. ¦ '
united undertakers;
FuntrsJ Directors and Embalmers.-—^_ .
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple.
-Now at 866 MISSION. Tel. Southl67. ¦
Between Fourth and ] Fifth. Near Fifth St.*
Finest EqulpmenU at Moderate Rates. - .
¦ James McGinn. •- Hen7y"inasenT1
james mcginn & co., . -r.
Formerly With McGinn Bros., " ;
——Funeral Directors and Embalmers.—
214 Eddy st.: Tel. South 576. - ¦ :.'
Twenty-nrst. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery. Please -omit flowers. .
GUIOTT— In this city,, October 8, 1803, Chris-
tina Guiott. beloved ; wife of Dennis Guiott,
and mother of Carl and George Guiott, Mrs.
Annie Rose. Mrs. Prances Marlch and Mrs.
' Elizabeth Leal, a native of Germany, aged
62 years. . . . . •, ;,. (
HARTNETT— In this city, October 7.
Thomas Hartnett, dearly beloved brother oi
Mrs. MoIIie Ryan and the late Sarah Reilly.
and nephew of Mrs. William Nash, a na-
tive : of County Limerick, Ireland, aged 35
years.
IE7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday. |
.October 11, 1803. at 1^30 o'clock, from the
' funeral parlors of .Valente, Marinl & Co., i
• 1524 .Stockton street, .between Union and
Green. -Interment Holy" Cross Cemetery.
HEANEY— In this city,: October 5, 1903.
Thomas'. F. Heaney, a native of Ireland,
aged 64 years. A member of Marine En-
. gineers. - - •' < •
(C?"Frionu3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
October 9, -at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
thapfl of Julius S. Godeau. 305 Montgomery
- avenue. _ Interment Xaurel Hill Cemetery-
KAIGHIN— In this city, October 8, 1903,
Charles J.. beloved husband of Mattle A.
Kaighln, and father of Gladys Kalghin, a -
native of v Salt Lake City, aged 48 years o
months and 20 days. .
IE3*Notlce of funeral hereef ter.
KELLEHER— In the City and County Hospi-,'
- tal, October 8, 1903, Josephine Kelleher, a
native of • California, aged 20 years.
KRUGER— In tnis city, October 8. 1903, Mln-
. nle Kruger, dearly belcfved . wife of H. Wil-
liam Krujrer. mother . of ¦ Henry Kruger,
daughter of Mrs. Lena Zahn, and sister cf
Charles Zahn, a native of Merced, Cal., aged
. 2(5 years.
LEE WONG— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, October 8, 1003, Lee Wong, a native of
China, aged 46 years. . :
McCAMMON— In this city, October 2, 1903,
Thomas McCammon, beloved brother, of Wll-
¦ Ham McCammon 'of Montreal, Canada, and
Mrs. E. M. James of Council Bluffs, Iowa
(Thomas H. James, attendant), a native of
Canada, aged 63 years.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to ottend the funeral Friday.
October 9, 1903, at 3 o'clock, from Charles
' J. ii. Metzler's undertaking, parlors, fi3« •
Washington street. Interment Laurel Hill
. Cemetery. •. • .. _ .
McMARTIN— In this city," October 7, 1903,
Edward H. McMartln.t beloved husband of
S Sarah P. McMartln, • and father of Edward
F., Alfonso F.' and Clifford McMartln. a na-
. tive of Buffalo, X. Y., aged 6<i years.
." -' {CTRemalna at the funeral parlors of the
H. F. Maass Company, 917. Mission street.
O'CONNEIfL— In tills city, October 7, 1903,
.Ellen O'Connell, beloved mother of Mr*. W.
H. Barrett. Mrs.-.D. Moran, Mrs.J. D. Grif-
fin, Mrs. T. Connors, Mrs. B. VVJones. Mrs.
¦ G. llogan and the late Mrs. J. Keating and
¦ the late -Mrs. P. Hansen. a native of Cahlr-
clveen. County Kerry,. Ireland,, aged 80 years.
Zy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited ; to- attend the .funeral to-day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street,'
and thence. to St. Patrick's Church for ser-
vices, beginning at l):i!0 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriage. No flow-
. ers.
RICHET— In Aiameda, October 8, 1003. Eu-
gene Charlemagne Richet, beloved feon of
A. B. Richet, stepson of Sarah Richet, and
stepbrother of Thomas and Matilda Richet,
a native of San Francisco, aged 22 years 9
• months and '2 days.
KIDDELL-JIn this city, October 8, 1903. James
Andrew, beloved husband of Bridget Rid-*
dell, and father of Craig B. and Jeremiah '
Rlddell. a- native of Sterllnshire, Corrou,*
Falkirk, Scotland. . "
CC7" Funeral services will be held at St.
Brigld's Church, corner Van Ness 'avenue
and Broadway, Saturday, October 10, at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Remains at the parlors of N. Gray & Co.,
u53 8utter street.
BCHAEFER— In this city, October 8. 1903.
Mary Schaefer. beloved mother of John J.
Schaefer. Mrs. William P. Murphy, Mrs.
Charles Langry and Mrs. George Holzwarth,
a native of Indiana.
$y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited, to attend the funeral Friday,
October 9, 190.1. at 8 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her daughter, XtXS: Stevenson etreet,
thence to St. Boniface's Church for services.
Interment -Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
STECHER— In this city, October 7^.1303, Otto,
dearly beloved son of Elenore and the late
Phillpp Stechor. brother of Fred J. and the
late Edward Stecher, and nephew of Mrs.
' A. n. Weber of San Jose, a native of San
' Fra-i'-ixco. aged 33 years (! months and 10
d.».v>-. A lr.embei' of Gesellschaft Teutonla;
Si M'.'i r Stamm No. 27S, C. O. R. M. ;
Knlfht* of tne Royal Arch, San Franciuco
Lnl,-' So. 2; Friend* or Golden Gate Verein,
crrt Bartend*!*' League. Local No. 41.
! •-•;>.-.•., arl a nrqualntances are respect-
rXnily 1tulK-d to attend the funeral Sunday,
Oct<r/r :i. 1003. at- 1:30 o'clock, from the
resM.r-e >f his mother, 317 Minna . street,
• - between Fourth | and Fifth." * Interment I. O.
' O. F. Cemetery. ' -
Tl'LLY— In thin city. October 7, 1003, Electy
Tully, wife of Charles J. Tully, a native of
Pennsylvania, atj«vl 88 years.
(C7"Tiie funeral will take place to-day
. (Friday),- at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 707 Mission street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
WADE— In the City and County Hospital, Oc-
tober S, 15*03. . Richard Wade, a . native of
Wisconsin, aged 30 years.
WILSON— In the City and County Hospital,
October. 8. 11*03. Anna Wilson, a native ot
Germany* aged 56 years.
CARD OF THANKS.-
The mother of the late Nellie V. Callan
wishes | to extend her deepest thanks to her
friends for their -sympathy In her bereave-
ment. 'MRS. MAY V. CALLAN..
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f| Dr.R.L.Walsh
Btireirati denV. predict
r *t £'¦* fortair office j
9 847 Geary St.
IJreet'y opposite Strttoga Hall
Reduced Rates for Thirty Days
Painless Extraction ..... 25c
Fillings. ........ \ . 50c
Crowns . . . . . . $2.00 to $5.00
Plate Work . . ..$5.00 to $25.00
... , .¦¦¦"« .
LOOK FOB THIS AD. EACH OTHEB DAT.
KV X t* WCi t ™.ii fill EA \fi?\ Al Pi \5j
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE OCTOBER 3a
* The Call's Cook Book prem-
ium offer will close 'on' October
30, 1903, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of. this
household treasure should not
fail to" place their order, im-
mediately, r- ' -
This splendid premium will
ba offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of
fifty cents per copy. Out of
town orders twenty cents ad-
ditional to cover prepayment oi
transportation charges.VOTE BY DISTRICTS.
U. S. Postofflce gave us a good-sized order for
printing and binding. MyBell-Rolllns, 1 22 Clay.,*
is ' hard,; to ~< tell.-; Mrs." Marks holds the
marriage certificate and seems. determined
to cling ' to her i husband. '
Miles T. Baird, scion of the wealthy
family of that name, who has-been be
fore " the public on more than one occa
sion, having figured in several sensational
escapades -with; a notorious woman, on
whom he lavished his affections and a
large part of his money, started out last
evening with the evident intention of
emulating t^e deeds ; of Dead wood Dick,
the Black Hills sharpshooter, and wound
up in the City Prison on charges of dis
charging firearms in the city : limits : and
carrying a concealed weapon. ¦ • . ; v-
A time ago , Miles Baird : sprang
suddenly into notoriety by recelvlpg a
knife thrust at • the harids of the woman
from whom he • had rescued his younger
brother and In turn had fallen, "a victim
to her; wiles. ¦ ,; . .
Last night about 8 o'clock Miles Baird
was standing at the cigar- store In front
of the Russ House bar : on Montgomery
street somewhat under the influence' of
liquor. According to his own story, Wal
ter Bchlesslnger, ;the ; clerk at the cigar
store, jestingly made some remark to the
effect" that he. did' not know how to use
A revolver, and "Just for; fun", he, banged
away at the swinging doors of the saloon
as tan- illustration of his markmanshlp.
The bullet passed through the mahogany
doors,' and , it is ¦ regarded* as miraculous
that no one was - hit , Patrolman Groat
arrived and placed Baird under arrest. A
search ; of ; the : saloon : failed to bring to
light the bullet, and it undoubtedly lodged
somewhere in the woodwork.
Baird when booked at ithe City Prison
gave the name of George McColl. He was
thoroughly repentant and gave evidence
of having Indulged ; too freely In liquor.
Up'to a late hour last, night he had not
been admitted to ball. When searched a
32-calIber revolver was found in his pos
session. \
Tee Get Tong, lnterpreter^tor the law
firm of Barnes & McCloskey arid the Chi
nese Freemasons and erstwhile convict,
was riddled /with bullets while at supper
in his room in the " headquarters of the
Hop Sing' Tong, ¦'? 826% ". Clay street, last
evening -shortly, before 6 o'clock.
j The discovery of ' the crime" was made
by; Ah Gee, a Chinaman residing in-;the
house,. who was on his way to his room
and in passing the open door of the apart
ment occupied by Yee., was horrified to see
histbody lying on "the bed with the blood
flowing . from; a gaping wound in the
head. "He Immediately ran to the street
ana notified Special Watchman Henry
Dpffleld.fDetective McMahon and Corpor
al" Sylvester. ¦
The officers repaired to" the- room and
upon' making an investigation discovered
that Yee had been" shot, while seated at^
table partaking of his evening meal. Tne
murderer had undoubtedly crept up to his
victim through the open door and, placing
the -weapon < within two inches of Yee's
head, ) pulled the trigger anfl sent" a bul
let crashing into his brain. ? The bullet en
tered; the right side of the head, directly
In front;of' theear, and the face •is," con
siderably powder marked. . Two other bul
lets ;/were fired into 'the victim's, body. ,
;; Yee fell between two beds in the room,
with his head toward the wall. ". His mur
derer, wishing to make certain of his
prey,, fired .three" more -shots, —none, of
.which, took effect, the bullets i lodging. in
the wall. ; '. . '"I" ; ;
The officers ascertained that i the blood
thirsty'highbinder had made his. escape
through ; a trapdoor i opening on >¦ the roof
and ; then down : a"flight of I stairs to Spof
ford alley. ; He left absolutely no clew to
his identity and the police' are not over
confident of capturing: him. . • ¦
It is the consensus of opinion in thcghl
nese, quarter that* Yee; came -to , his death
at the hands of one of the members 'of his
own tong. * He : had been blackmailing sey
"eral' of , the ' slave women : during ? the r past
two weeks and one night. recently; had : a
The secret marriage of Leon J. Marks,
son of Edmond Marks, a broker, and Miss
Estelle Murphy in Ban Rafael last month
is not likely to result happily. Already
the young bride is seeking her husband;
who, rumor has it, has .fled to parts un
known. Mrs. Marks applied to the po
lice "Wednesday night to assist her' in
ascertaining the whereabouts of her hus
band, and she mentioned search war
rants and the like as a means of bringing
him into her presence. , ,
. On September S of this year Miss Mur
phy and Marks were married. According
to the bride, the nuptials were to be kept
a secret for at least six months, at • the
end of which time an announcement was
to be made. Marks' family objected seri
ously to the union. The groom requested
silence and it was mutually agreed j that
"mum" should be the word.
Since the ceremony has been performed
Mrs. Marks has tried to see her. husband.
She has been, unsuccessful. -Wednesday
night, in company with a friend, ; she ap
proached the house at 916 Devlsadero
street, where Marks lived with- his" pa
rents, and was told that he was ill with
a fever. and could not see her. Then she
questioned a patrolman as , to whether
Marks had been seen leaving or entering
the house. He said a light had been seen
burning in the house all night and. that
the story of Marks' illness might possibly
be true. Then the girl made an appoint
ment to return last night, but did not do
80.^- ¦%
When the family of Marks were ques
tioned regarding the marriage . they made
strenuous denial. The mother, and 'Sisters
were indignant at the suggestion that
such a thing should be published and did
not even relent when informed « that ' rec
ords proved such to be ' the ' case. They
stated that Leon was not at. home and
could not be seen. • • ": .;; . : :* •
Later a friend of the Marks family hint
i^ that the marriage on ; the girl's ¦ part
wa3* not as secret as she would have peo
ple believe it to ; have ; been." ¦; Intimation
Is , made . that there . Is . another ; woman : in
the case. Just what, the outcome will-be
Starts Little Shooting
to Relieve the Mo
notony.
Yee Get Tong Mur
dered While Eating
, Evening Meal. ?&
Mrs. Leon Marks Asks
Police to Find Her
Better Half.
SHOWS EFFECTIVE PICTURES
OF THE GREAT SOUTHWEST
Monson is soon to leave for the East,
where he will deliver lectures and show
his valuable collections of Illustrations of
the grand scenery. He will later visit
London with the same object.
These pictures were thrown upon a
screen and It was admitted by the largo
and representative audience that more
beautiful illustrations of nature have
never been seen hero. They are colored
to represent nature as found in the
Southwest. Among ihe pictures were
glorious night and early morning effects,
and representations of the homes of the
Navajos and also the habitations of a
vanished race. Dangerous trails and
canyon walls of wondrous height, and
more wondrous form, were shown and
were received with enthusiastic applause,
while pictures of great waterfalls created
astonishment for their excellence.
Frederick Monson delivered a lecture
at the Press Club on Wednesday night
which will be remembered for ite elabor
ate and graphic description, of the great
Southwest- Monson has Just returned
from an extensive trip and has brought
with him a large u>!liv;t;on of pictures
and relics from the cliff dwellings of the
Navajo Reservation.
Frederick Monson Delivers Interest
ing Illustrated Lecture Before
Members of Press Club.
TOPEKA. Kans., Oct. 8.-The Rock Isl
and t management announces that the
Golden Ctate Limited, last year's success
ful train to California, will be a regular
feature of the passenger 4 work of the road
for the coming winter. This train was
very popular among last year's tourists
to California. v
Will Bun Regular Tourist Train.
Is almost constantly irritated by wind
and mineral-laden dust; inflammation,
redness, itching and burning, followed by
granulated ' eyelids, are the results.
MURINE EYE REMEDY gives quick re
lief. Doesn't smart; soothes eye pain;
makes weak ev.es strong. Your druggist
or optician pells Murine at 50 cents. *
The San Francisco Eye
-STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct:> 8.— The
contract for the Carnegie library » to be built
in Palo Alto has been awarded to Contractor
The Olympic saloon, conducted by
Thomas Havey at 519 Pacific street, was
the scene of a daring hold-up last evening
and only the alertness and sprinting abili
ty of Patrolman Richard Skaln prevented
the criminal from making his escape.
."¦> W. H. Eggleston. a mining man residing
at the New Western Hotel, was the vic
tim of the intrepid crook, and he lost a
valuable gold watch and a nugget chain.
Eggleston sauntered Into the saloon, and,
lifter having a drink, was accosted by
Morris Becker, the man in custody.
Becker was very friendly and had several
drinks with his new acquaintance. After
being in the saloon for about an hour Eg
gleston retired to the lavatory and was
followed by Becker, who suddenly drew
an ugly looking revolver and ordered him
to throw up his. bands.
Eggleston Immediately compiled and
was relieved of his watch and chain. The
robber than ran out of the saloon and up
Pacific street. Patrolman Skaln was at
tracted by the blowing of a police whistle
and started In pursuit. The fleeing crook
increased his pace and ran down Kearny
street,. turning into Jackson, in the direc
tion of Dupont. When near Bartlett alley
he was overhauled by Officer Skaln and
members of the Chinatown squad. He re
sisted arrest, ¦ but was overpowered and
lodged in the City Prison on a robbery
charge.
1 Eggleston identified his assailant and
the evidence Is sufficient to send him
across the bay for. a term of years. Becker
is "a new arrival In the city and is known
by the name of Jacob Sllverman. The po
lice are elated over i the capture and are
confident that , a dangerous criminal has
been apprehended. :'.
quarrel in a house of 111 fame over money
matters.
• The dead man was an ex-convict, hav
ing been released from San Quentln about
one 'year ago, after serving a sentence of
ten year3 for the murder of his uncle In a
pawn shop on 'Washington street and
Ross alley. He bore anunsavory reputa
tion among his own people and had been
acting as interpreter for the defense in
the case of Woo Shook, charged with im
plication in the robbery of a store on Du
pont street about, one year ago, notwith
standing the fact that the Six Companies
issued i a circular warning all Chinese
from assisting. the defense In the case. It
is believed that the stand he took In the
fare of the warning may have been one of
the causes that led up, to his death.
Owing to the fact that the room was on
the top floor of the, building, with a win
dow opening on" Spofford '. alley, the shots
could not be plainly heard, although one
t>i : the Chinatown ; squad- reports that he
heard -six'loud reports,. but thought that
some 'one" was T hammering. '." '
Morris Becker Holds Up
William Eggleston
in a Saloon.
THE newspapers of the Interior,
Including the Democratic jour
nals, are laughing at the Exam
iner's attitude in this campaign.
The Red Bluff News, comment
ing on the situation, remarks:
The fact is the Examiner is between the
devil and the deep sea. The Examiner's boss
is a candidate for President. He wants the
nomination from the Democrats and therefore
his paper must be Democratic. He wants the
nomination from the labor unions and there
fore his paper must be labor union. The
Democrats have a candidate for Mayor in the
person of Franklin K. Lane, and the labor
unions have a candidate In the person of Eu
gene E. Echmitz. If the Examiner should
support Lane -and oppose Schmitz It w6uld of
fend the Labor Union party and If it should
support Schmitz and oppose Lane It would
offend the Democrats. So "here is a dilemma.
What is the poor devil to do?
HUSBAND EVADES
HIS YOUNG WIFE
the enemy of labor, is now supported In
a half-hearted manner. Poor Schmitz,
almost daft with grief, is turning to Ruef
and Parry and the colt for consolation.
He is explaining to his bunch of sympa
thizers in each district that he went to
New York hot to help a Democratic
nominee for Congress, but to help' a
friend of labor. Now that friend of labor
is embracing Gavin McNab and Franklin
K. Lane, who were recently assailed "as
foes of organized labor. Schmitz, in his
distress last night, said he was glad the
newspapers were against him. In the
light of his experience with the Demo
cratic press he has a right to entertain
that feeling. In the Democratic camp all
is confusion. 'Lane talked the nominee for
Tax Collector off the ticket last "Wednes
day night, so there are now three vacan
cies for- McNab to fill.
CHINESE KILLED
WHILE AT TABLE
This is what It is trying to do. It- is try
ing to "carry water on both shoulders." It
will make a pretense perhaps of supporting
Lane, but It will be very careful to say noth
ing offensive to or about Schmitz. and. if
possible, its language will be so guarded that,
while pretending to support Lane to satisfy
the Democrats, It can claim to the Labor
Unionists that It Is really supporting Schmitz.
Did you notice the splendid lift it gave
Schmitz in the lengthy and full account of
his ratification meeting?
The Examiner is trying a dangerous ex
periment tand if it Is not extremely shrewd
and very careful it ' will "fall between ; two
stools." The policy it has marked out j for
Itself will be satisfactory to neither party.
The fact that the Examiner is now
dancing to the music of Gavin McNab's
political orchestra affords infinite del.'ght
to the regulars of the old Democratic ma
chine. McNab has waited lgng for the
opportunity to make the Examiner waltz.
Lane, who was condemned a year ago as
MILES T. BAIRD
PLAYS BAD MAN
Lane Talks the Tax Collector Off the Ticket and
Puts Another Nominee Asleep.
nsrowy danobi
Voters of the Fortieth District Turn
Out to Hear Him Speak.
Mayor Schmitz addressed the voters of
the Fortieth Assembly District In Frank
lin Hall last night. He was given a
hearty welcome and epoke on issues of
the campaign. The hall was well filled
with voters of the district. During the
meeting about 100 members of the' News
boys' Union marched into the hall yell
ing for the Union Labor party's standard
bearer for Mayor. In the course of his
address the Mayor said:
We have no Gavin McNab behind us; we
hav? no newspapers behind us; we must go
before the people and be careful how we make
our fight. I say here to-night, with all earn
estness, r would' rather not have the news
papers behind me to long as I have the hearts
of the, people of Gan Francisco. (Applause.)
Now, I have only my record to euind on,
and I ask the people for their support. I am
egotistical enough *to believe that that record
l» good enough to warrant the people of San
Francisco in having faith enough in me to
give me . a second term, to see what better
government I can give them, to see how I can
carry out the different things I have mapped
out for the city, which no man lovea better
than I, because it is the city of my birth.
When I took office I took It with a handi
cap. I did not have Supervisors to back me
up on any proposition I might bring forth
for the public good. When in the Interest of
the budget I clearly proved to the Super
visors that they could save over $140,000 and
put it to the improvement of streets, flffen
of those men stood against me, and I am sorry
to say that two of tne men, whom we elected
to office, did not stand by their party pledges,
and I was voted down — my veto was not sus
tained.
And ao it has been all along: the line. I
have been unable to do the good I desired.
Shortly after my Induction Into office I round
that for a long period the Justices' clerk was
attending the races, with hi9 deputies. I
found on Investigation one man was doing the
work, while five were being paid by the peo
ple. I placed Mr. Fredrick in office. He
was not allowed to remain long. Probably
he was too honest for those who surrounded
him. I can see no other reason, for he made
a capable officer.
One of my opponent* put forth the other
e-venlnir reasons why he ought to be elected.
He said the city of San Francisco needed to
be saved. From what, I don't know. (Laugh
ter.) He also said the charter needed to be
saved/, and he also raid he deserved election
because he had a child born here, although he
was not a native himself, he being a native
of Canada.- (Laughter.) I can go him two
better than that, because I have three born
In San Francisco. (Acplause.) That Is not a
qualification for office, gentlemen, but the
qualifications are these: Will the man you
place In office deal honestly and fairly? "Will
the man you place in office remember that he
is at the service of the people, placed there
by the people, and that the office does not
belong to him to run as he sees fit?
Speeches. were also made by J. J. Con
ley, candidate for Public Administrator;
Powel Fredrick, candidate for County
Clerk, and half a dozen other candidates.
An organization called the Schmitz Cen
tral Club was formed at 8 Ellis street
last night. E. C. Leffingwell was elected
temporary chairman.
Republican Club Elects Officers.
The executive committee of the Thirty
third Assembly District United Republi
can Club organized last evening and elect
ed the following officers: President. Jo
eeph W. McTig-ue; first vice president. I.
P. Klncald; secretary. J. W. Woods; as
sistant secretary, William Fay; cam
paign committee— J. W. Woods. T. Ar
gentl. Joseph Ryan. L. A. Taylor. J. J.
Callahan and I. P. Klncald. The club Is
making an energetic campaign for
Crocker and the Republican ticket.
Will Hold Ratification Meeting.
The Bear Club will hold a ratification
meeting at B'nai B'rith Hall to-night. H.
J. Crocker, the Republican. candidate for
Mayor, will deliver • the principal address
of the evening. Oscar A. Tolle, president
of the club, will preside. . .
BT a vote eo decisive as to pre
clude the possibility cf an acci
dent or a misunderstanding San
Francisco determined yesterday
that the municipality should not
engage in the street railway
business. The proposed issue of bonds for
the purpose of taking over the Geary
6treet railway and placing it oa a basis
to be operated by the city was defeated.
The supporters of the proposed bond Issue
failed to secure the requisite two-thirds
majority by 2357 votes out of a total of
25,259. There were cast In favor of the
preposition 14.4S1 votes and against it 10,
745 votes.
The election was entirely without inci
dent, unless the unexpectedly heavy vote
cast on the question south of Market
Etreet may be regarded as such. The vot
ing was slow but steady. At noon it did
not seem as if more than 20 per cent of
the registered vote would be polled. All
through the afternoon there ensued a
steady "plunking." however, eo that
when the baliots were counted nearly one
third of the registered vote was found to
have been cast.
There did not appear to bo any effort
made by either the exponents of the bond
Issue or its opponents to secure votes. AJ1
of the rushing around and the endeavors
to roust out recalcitrant and indifferent
electors that are conspicuous at ether
elections were entirely lacking yesterday.
The polling booths were deserted for the
most part except for the election officials.
In the early morning hours there was
something of a jam around the booths
south of Market street, where the wcrk
lngiaen were anxious to cast their ballots
before they went to their labors. This
was the only time that the election offi
cers were compelled to work fast.
An analysis of the vote shows that in
the residence districts the sentiment was
decidedly against the proposition of is
suing bonds for acquiring the Geary
etreet line. In the lodging-house dis
tricts south of Market street, notably in
the Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth and
Thirtieth Assembly districts, which com
prise that portion of the city from the
bay to .Thirteenth Etreet, a heavy vote
was cast in favor of issuing the bonds.
Farther west in the Mission the opposi
tion to the bonds grew steadily. Out that
¦way the workers own their little homes
and they evinced no desire to saddle the
city with a vast debt in a doubtful ex
periment. In the Potrero the sentiment
•was favorable to the bond issue, which Is
explained by the fact that few of the
voters there own property of any kind.
North of Market street. In the Rich
mond district and the Western Addition,
the voters would have none of the munic
ipal ownership as embodied in the Geary
street proposition. Even in the districts
contiguous to the line of the
"rcajiJ, a decided protest was en
tered by the voters against the
proposed experiment with the public
money. The light vote north of Market
ttreet showed a lack of Interest In the
election and the returns gave assurance
that any increase In the total vote would
undoubtedly have resulted In a more over
whelming defeat of the proposition. Out
cf all the districts north of Market street
SCHMITZ IS CHEERED.
the tenderloin precincts alone showed a
decided preference for the bond Issue.
Proposition Fails of Carrying by
Over Two Thousand Votes.
j^*^ EORGE A. KNIGHT will be
g- l the chairman of the Repub
fl llcan ratification meeting at
% ~W the Alhambra, corner of Eddy
and Jones streets, to-morrow
evening. Henry J. Crocker,
the .Republican standard bearer, and oth
er candidates will address the people,
There will be a new campaign sdng by
Sam Booth's quartet.
TTie campaign committee. W. J. Dutton
chairman, held another session at general
headquarters, 16 Geary Etreet. yesterday
afternoon." Plans for district meetings were
discussed at length. The party organiza
tion is thorough and effective In every
Assembly district of San Francisco. Mem
b*s of the campaign committee are con
ilaent of Republican success^at the elec
tion on November 3, but this confidence
wl$l not cause a cessation of effort in aid
of the ticket. . Special exertions will be
made to bring to- the ?olls every regis
tered voter of Republican faith, in order
that a rousing and significant majority
for the whole ticket may be returned.
The most encouraging reports of party
unity and enthusiasm are received by
Wr J. Dutton. John S. Partridge. Arthur
G. FIsk, Daniel A. Regan and E. D. Peix
otto of the campaign committee. Hon. A.
P. Williams, Dr. W. F. McNutt. Thomas
Westoby,; John C. Lynch, David Rich,
Thomas : D. Riordan, Henry Ach, Jacob
Steppacher and other active members of
the United Republican League share tne
confidence expressed by the members of
the campaign committee.
The energies and winning personality
of Henry J. Crocker count In favor of the
whole ticket. ¦ In very many respects he
Is an Ideal candidate. There 'la nothing
haughty and aristocratic in his demeanor.
He is simply a plain, approachable busi
ness man, who has the ability and the in
clination to serve the people of the city
In which he dwells. When he addresses
an audience of his fellow workers in the
cause of San Francisco he does not put
on airs of condescension and point to
himself as the "great I am." He Is Just
the plain everyday business man and na
tive son, Henry Crocker. His friends, and
they- are legion,, know that he Is not a
professional politician or a chronic Job
chaser. To-morrow night at the ratifi
cation meeting he will speak frankly to
his fellow citizens. All taxpayers and
others Interested in the expansion of San
Francisco will be welcomed to the meet
ing-. George A. Knight, one of the sifted
orators of California, will probably en
liven the meeting by a plain statement; of
a few facts. The , Republican speakers
will not deal in Innuendo. That is not the
American style of campaigning, but cer
tain incidents of the contest may Justify
plain talk.
It was talk on the streets and at the
several political' headquarters that the
Democratic ratification meeting at the Al
hambra Theater Wednesday night was
quite successful so far as "Billy" Hynes
and the audience were concerned. The
audience wanted to hear Hynes' voice in
comic .song and insisted on the singing
with such demonstrations of desire that
Orator Hickey lost his temper and his
DARING ROBBER
QUICKLY CAUGHT
presence of mind. Whi!© the peoplo on
the main floor and In the sallerles were
shouting for more of Hynes, the job-chas
ing representatives of McNab on the
stage were pushing Lane to the front.
After the desire for sons was repressed
and the dose of oratory administered to
the impatient audience, Mr. Hlnton. the
venerable candidate for Treasurer on the
Democratic ticket, came to the platform
through one of the wings. Mr. Hinton
attended a meeting at the Alhambra four
years ago and went out* while Lane was
talking of himself. Wednesday night
when he came In through the wings and
heard Lane still talking on the familiar
subject he fancied that it was the same
old speech not quite concluded.
Thomas "W. Hlckey. chairman of Gavin
McNab's recent convention, has laid down
the rule that Michael J. Hynes shall not
again in this campaign appear on the
same platform with Franklin K. Lane.
The. songs of "Billy" Hynes' repertory,
which the representative Democrats love
to hear and which the Horse and Cart
men prize far above the platitudes of
Lane, are quite comical. The laughing
song is great and the song about the fel
low who lost the train to Morrow is
surely amusing. The voice of "Billy"
Hynes may not especially qualify him for
the office of Public Administrator, but if
Lane can chase for an office on his record
as a talker. Hynes surely has the right
to run on his record as a singer.
Republican Standard Bearer Is
tWinning Votes Where
p\/pr Hp l tDP9
cvci lit; uuco.
CROCKER MAKING
ENERGETIC FIGHT
ELECTORS DECLARE OVERWHELMINGLY
AGAINST THE GEARY-STREET BOND ISSUE
DEMOCRATIC ORGAN AMUSES
THE INTERIOR NEWSPAPERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 9. 1903.
14
m
i s
V
Vote, j
For.
J Against.
¦ 1
I
— . ,ii i
Twenty-Eighth Assembly District .... 1,102 772 328
Twenty-Ninth Assembly District ..... 1,290 971 . 303
Thirtieth Assembly District 1,441 1,036 - 401
Thirty-First Assembly District !,. 1,191 882 294
Thirty-Second Assembly District ;... 1,490 1,008 470
Thirty-Third Assembly District 1,041 797 239
Thirty-Fourth Assembly District .... I 1,3551 79 2 I 55°
Thirty-Fifth Assembly District .. 1 1,515! 786 j 720
Thirty-Sixth Assembly District 1,493] 955 537
Thirty-Seventh Assembly District . ... 1,765 787 976
Thirty-Eighth Assembly District ... 1,793 8 72 918
Thirty-Ninth Assembly District ...... 1,384 802 572
Fortieth Assembly District 1,601 604 996
Forty-First Assembly District 1,461 586 869
Forty-Second Assembly District' 1,609 832 771
Forty-Third Assembly District .. 1,459 697 755
Forty-Fourth Assembly District 658 662
Forty-Fifth Assembly District .. j . 940]. 544 j 388
. 1 1— 1
Total vote polled 125,259! 14,381 1 10,955
Necessary to choice, 16,839; lacking to carry, 2,458.
m
i s
V
Vote, j
For.
J Against.
¦ 1
I
— . ,ii i
Twenty-Eighth Assembly District .... 1,102 772 328
Twenty-Ninth Assembly District ..... 1,290 971 . 303
Thirtieth Assembly District 1,441 1,036 - 401
Thirty-First Assembly District !,. 1,191 882 294
Thirty-Second Assembly District ;... 1,490 1,008 470
Thirty-Third Assembly District 1,041 797 239
Thirty-Fourth Assembly District .... I 1,3551 79 2 I 55°
Thirty-Fifth Assembly District .. 1 1,515! 786 j 720
Thirty-Sixth Assembly District 1,493] 955 537
Thirty-Seventh Assembly District . ... 1,765 787 976
Thirty-Eighth Assembly District ... 1,793 8 72 918
Thirty-Ninth Assembly District ...... 1,384 802 572
Fortieth Assembly District 1,601 604 996
Forty-First Assembly District 1,461 586 869
Forty-Second Assembly District' 1,609 832 771
Forty-Third Assembly District .. 1,459 697 755
Forty-Fourth Assembly District 658 662
Forty-Fifth Assembly District .. j . 940]. 544 j 388
. 1 1— 1
Total vote polled 125,259! 14,381 1 10,955
Necessary to choice, 16,839; lacking to carry, 2,458.
ADVERTISEMENTS. *
I f Octaves
i The Compass of the mod-
D ern Piano is seven octaves.
8 THE
I Plays Seven
fl It is the Only. Piano
H player that does.
M Why buy a piano player which
I plays only Five ?
I ALL OTHERS DO.
I BUY THE "APOLLO"
iBenj.Ciirtaz* so »
1 SOLE AGENTS
jj . (CURTAZ BUILDING)
I 1 8, O'FARRELL ST. 3. F.
1 San Joss, Fresno, Alameda, Stockton. Pt!o Alto
¦ POLITICAL CARDS.
For
Mayor
HENRY J. CROCKER
Republican
Nominee
For Tax Collector
EdwardJ.
SMITH
(INCUMBENT.)
Regular Republican Nominee
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HANDSOME §
NEARSEAL I
JACKETS, i
$25.00. $35.00, $37.50, 1
$45.00 and $55.00. §
All Neareeal— or Nearseal with 0
combination •collars and revers. New — (
very new. The etyles are the last ones I
out. M
And the fact that they were made 1
in our own workrooms is a guarantee j
' of quality ineide as we!l as fine ap-* B
pearance outside. No other store sells II
as good » JCeareeal jackets at these H
; prices. {«
ga „ i ii. ¦¦¦¦¦¦!¦ I mn.1'1